 Varanoidea is a superfamily of lizards including the well-known family Varanidae (the monitors or goanna). Also included in the Varanoidea are such extinct marine and semi-aquatic forms as mosasaurs and dolichosaurs the venomous helodermatids (Gila monsters and beaded lizards) the Lanthanotidae (earless monitor lizards) and the extinct Necrosauridae.Throughout their long evolutionary history varanoids have exhibited great diversity both in habitat and form.
 Gareth Lyn Powell born 1970 is an English author of Science Fiction. He is the author of the novels The Recollection and Silversands and the acclaimed short story collection The Last Reef and Other Stories.
 650 California Street also known as the Hartford Building is a 34 story 142 m (466 feet) office tower on the northwestern edge of San Francisco's Financial District. The tower is located on California Street on the edge of Chinatown and not far from 555 California Street. 650 California is visible from every direction except from the southeast where the Financial District skyscrapers block the view.
 A Batalha do Passinho is a 2012 Brazilian documentary film directed by Emílio Domingos. The film follows a dance known as passinho which emerged from the funk carioca scene and became a viral internet sensation after a video was posted on YouTube.
 Krčevine (Kiseljak) is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Håkan Lennart Jeppsson (born 6 May 1961 in Malmö Sweden) is a Swedish Economist who is currently the chairman of the Swedish Association football club Malmö FF a post he has held since 2010. Jeppsson is an educated Economist at Lund University and works as CEO for Inwido.
 Seven O' Clock is a Kannada romance film released in 2006. It was produced by N. M. Suresh under Sri Thulaja Bhavani Creations banner. It is directed and written by well known cinematographer-turned-director Santosh Rai Pathaje. Mithun Tejaswi and Pooja Kanwal appeared in lead roles both making their debuts.
 The Roswell Museum and Art Center is located in Roswell New Mexico USA and features exhibits about the art and history of the American Southwest. Exhibits include fine art sculpture prints decorative arts and historic artefacts.The museum operates the Patricia Lubben Bassett Art Education Center which opened in 1998 as a learning facility in the state of New Mexico.
 Go to Blazes is a short 1942 British information film produced by the Ministry of Information directed by Walter Forde and starring Will Hay and Thora Hird.
 Evolver is the fifth studio album by the Industrial rock band Godhead released by Reality Entertainment on July 15 2003.The album has sold over 100000 copies in the United States to date.The Hate In Me and Far Too Long were released as singles.
 Warren E. Miller (born October 5 1964) is a member of the Maryland House of Delegates.
 Hedotettix xueshanensis is an insect found in China belonging to the Tetrigidae family.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Aita River in Romania.
 Hamad Rashid Mohamed (born 1 March 1950) is a Tanzanian politician and Member of Parliament for Wawi constituency since 2005.
 Missing You (Chinese: 捨不得你) is a studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in 1995 and released in November.
 The Mount Olive Tribune is a weekly newspaper based in Mount Olive North Carolina covering Southern Wayne and Northern Duplin Counties.
 Melittia abyssiniensis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Ethiopia.
 Cerro Lípez (also Cerro Lipez) is a stratovolcano in the Cordillera de Lípez in Sud Lípez province of Potosí Department in southwestern Bolivia. It has twin peaks and rises to 5929 m. On some maps it is incorrectly labeled as Nuevo Mundo. Nuevo Mundo is in fact hundreds of kilometres to the northeast and five hundred metres shorter. The confusion came in part from a misidentification of the height of Nuevo Mundo.
 Kunwar Rewati Raman Singh (born 5 October 1943) is an Indian politician for the Allahabad (Lok Sabha Constituency) in Uttar Pradesh.
 Guilty the debut EP by Norwegian band Octavia Sperati was released in 2002.
 Femina is an album by John Zorn recorded in New York City in December 2008 and released on the Tzadik label in October 2009. The album is a tribute to the artistic creativity of women.
 Tolombeh-ye Langariha (Persian: تلمبه لنگريها‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Langarīhā) is a village in Rayen Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shaila is the debut studio album by Shaila Dúrcal. It was released on 2004.
 Holiday for Strings is an album by Paul Motian and the Electric Bebop Band released on the German Winter & Winter label in 2002. The album is the group's sixth release.
 Bardzinek [barˈd͡ʑinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Krośniewice 16 km (10 mi) west of Kutno and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź. A nest village of the Bardziński noble family.
 Samarghan (Persian: سمرجان‎ also Romanized as Samarghān) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Warner elevator row is a row of historic wood-cribbed grain elevators with six elevators all standing in a row from south to north alongside the Canadian Pacific Railway that travels from Great Falls Montana to Lethbridge Alberta on the east entrance of the village of Warner Alberta Canada. This row is one of two remaining elevator rows in Canada.
 Konstantynów [kɔnstanˈtɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Biała Rawska 21 km (13 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Aurora Flatbody Moth (Semioscopis aurorella) is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Dyar in 1902. It is found from north-central Alberta to south-eastern Ontario south into the United States between south-central New York and Wisconsin.The length of the forewings is 11-14 mm. The colouration of the forewings is variable and ranges from yellow-gray to pale yellow-white.
 James Williams (May 21 1822 – November 1892) was a Republican politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who was in the Ohio House of Representatives and was Ohio State Auditor 1872–1880.James Williams was born in Prince Georges County Maryland and moved with his family to Mechanicsburg Champaign County Ohio in 1831. He was educated studied medicine and was admitted to practice in 1843.
 Planitrochidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails Paleozoic gastropod mollusks.This family has no subfamilies.
 The Medfield Press is a Thursday weekly newspaper covering Medfield Massachusetts USA serving the suburb of Boston. It is one of more than 100 weeklies published by Community Newspaper Company a division of GateHouse Media.The newspaper covers local news features and events. The publication is staffed by Editor and reporter Rob Borkowski and Staff Photographer Erin Prawoko.
 Ingeniero Luis A. Huergo is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 The Biniș River is a tributary of the Coștei River in Romania.
 Moskovsky Korrespondent (Russian: «Московский корреспондент») was a Russian newspaper which was printed in Moscow from 1 September 2007 to 29 October 2008.
 The Chéran (French: le Chéran) is a 53.7 km (33.4 mi) long river in the Savoie and Haute-Savoie départements eastern France. Its source is at Verrens-Arvey in the massif des Bauges. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Fier into which it flows at Rumilly.
 Back for Good is the seventh album of Modern Talking released on 30 March 1998 after the unexpected reunion of the duo. The 7th album of the German duo was released after almost 11 years of their absence. The album Back For Good is a collection of their previous hits which consists of 18 tracks including four new songs 13 previous hits in a redone format and 1 medley.
 The Fisher Farm Site is an archaeological site in Centre County Pennsylvania United States. Located in fields on the outskirts of Unionville it is one of central Pennsylvania's leading archaeological sites.
 Charles Emile Bruneau Jr. known as Peppi Bruneau (born November 12 1942) is an attorney from New Orleans Louisiana who represented District 94 (Orleans Parish) in the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1976 until his retirement in April 2007.Representative Bruneau wrote landmark sunshine laws to open government meetings and records to the public. He sponsored the controversial law that legalized video poker in the state.
 Newent Priory was a priory in Gloucestershire England.
 South of the Border is an album by the David Murray Big Band released on the Japanese DIW label. Recorded in 1992 and released in 1993 the album features performances by Murray Rasul Siddik James Zoller Hugh Ragin Craig Harris Frank Lacy Al Patterson Vincent Chancey Kalil Henry John Purcell Patience Higgins Don Byron Sonelius Smith Fred Hopkins Tani Tabbal and Larry McDonald conducted by Lawrence Butch Morris.
 Sikory Juskie [ɕiˈkɔrɨ ˈjuskʲɛ] (German: Schikorren; 1927-1945: Wellheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Stare Juchy 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Ełk and 119 km (74 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Divales is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Melyridae.
 Ninnishtam Ennishtam 2 is a Malayalam romance film directed by Alleppey Ashraf starring newcomers Suresh and Sunitha in the lead roles. It is a sequel to the 1986 superhit film Ninnishtam Ennishtam.
 The Olive Warbler (Peucedramus taeniatus) is a small passerine bird. It is the only member of the genus Peucedramus and the family Peucedramidae.This species breeds from southern Arizona and New Mexico USA south through Mexico to Nicaragua. It is the only bird family endemic to North America (including Central America).
 The Church of the Epiphany is an Orthodox Church on Gutuevsky Island Saint Petersburg. It was designed by Vasily Kosyakov and built in 1888. The building of the church was majorly funded by Ivan Boronin a wealthy Russian textiles manufacturer.
 Mark D. Obenshain (born June 11 1962) is an American attorney and politician. He is currently serving as a member of the Senate of Virginia from Harrisonburg. He is a member of the Republican Party. He took office in 2004. At the 2013 state Republican convention he became the Republican nominee in the 2013 election for Attorney General of Virginia.
 Brookesia stumpffi also known as the plated leaf chameleon (German: Stachelchamäleon) is a species of chameleon found in some parts of Madagascar. It can be found in Nosy Bé north-west Madagascar Nosy Komba and Nosy Sakatia. The specimen is a type of lectotype.
 Burrn! Presents: The Best of Saxon is a Japanese compilation album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 2000.
 The Penn State Law Review is a legal periodical. It was founded in 1897 as The Forum and was later renamed the Dickinson Law Review. When the Dickinson Law School merged with Penn State University in 2003 the name of the periodical was changed to the Penn State Law Review.The Penn State Law Review is one of three legal periodicals published by the Penn State Law School and one of the oldest law journals in the United States.
 George Dormer (October 11 1838 – June 24 1875) was a Canadian lawyer and political figure. He represented Victoria South in the Canadian House of Commons as a Conservative member from 1872 to 1874.He was born in Kingston Upper Canada the son of James Dormer a Kingston physician and Mary Pengelly. He was educated at Laval University and Toronto University. In 1859 he married Sarah Marah. He studied law with John A. Macdonald and was called to the bar in 1872. He practised law in Lindsay.
 The Nortonia Boarding House at 150 Ridge St. in Reno Nevada was built in c.1900-1904. In 1906 it was purchased by Norton who changed it to a boarding house and it was also extended then. It is primarily Queen Anne in style but includes elements of Colonial Revival architecture as well. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is notable as one of the best surviving Queen Anne houses in Reno.
 The Makuri River is a river of the south of New Zealand's North Island. It flows from the Puketoi Range in the northern Wairarapa initially flowing southwest (this stretch is usually known as Makuri Stream). after some 15 kilometres it turns northwest reaching the waters of the Tiraumea River five kilometres southeast of Pahiatua.
 Lonja is a river in central Croatia a left tributary of Sava. It is 133 kilometres (83 mi) long and its basin covers an area of 5944 square kilometres (2295 sq mi).Lonja rises in the Kalnik mountain in northern Croatia southeast of Novi Marof at 46.132404°N 16.371417°E﻿ / 46.132404; 16.371417. It flows westward until turning south near Breznički Hum passing east of Sveti Ivan Zelina and turning southeast near Sveta Helena.
 Astylosternus diadematus is a species of frog in the Astylosternidae family.It is found in Cameroon and possibly Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bierdzież [ˈbjɛrd͡ʑɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Zwoleń and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 The Thompson School is a historic school building on Prospect Street in Webster Massachusetts. The 2.5 story English Revival brick building was constructed in 1912-13 to a design by Walter F. Fountaine a leading architect from nearby Woonsocket Rhode Island. It was named for Dr. John A. Thompson who served on the local school committee from 1907 until his death in 1916.The school building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Gur-e Khosrow (Persian: گورخسرو‎ also Romanized as Gūr-e Khosrow and Gūr Khosrow) is a village in Dehsard Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Carl J. Gatto (December 29 1937 – April 10 2012) was a Republican member of the Alaska House of Representatives representing the 13th District since 2002. He served as Chair of the Military & Veterans' Affairs Special Committee and was a member of the Judiciary Committee State Affairs Committee Administrative Regulation Review Committee and the Legislative Council.
 Manuel Araullo (January 1 1853 - July 26 1924) was the third Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. He served from November 1 1921 until his death on July 26 1924.
 Patalliro! (パタリロ! Patariro!) is a long-running manga series written and illustrated by Mineo Maya one of the few known male manga artist for shōnen-ai manga. Patalliro! is the first anime series to present shōnen-ai themes on television.
 Sherry Appleton is an American politician of the Democratic Party. She is a member of the Washington House of Representatives representing the 23rd district.
 Copelatus tulagicus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1942.
 Troy Savings Bank Music Hall now owned by First Niagara Financial Group is a bank and performance space in Troy Rensselaer County New York U.S.A. The music hall renowned for its acoustics and an Odell concert organ is operated by a not-for-profit organization.
 Dress Me Up! is an album by Denise Ho released on December 19 2003.
 Little World (Catalan: Món petit) is a 2013 Catalan documentary movie about Albert Casals a young man who has been in a wheelchair since suffering leukemia at the tender age of five. But this hasn't stopped him from pursuing his dream: to travel around the world. And to do it his way. Without money without companions without luggage.
 Felixstowe Priory was a priory in Suffolk England.
 Stockland Traralgon is a shopping centre located in the CBD of Traralgon Victoria.Opened in 1985 it was originally named Traralgon Centre Plaza until acquisition by Stocklands during the 2000s. It is home to the largest Coles Supermarket in the Gippsland Area.
 Thompson House is a historic house on N. Country Road in Setauket Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1709 and is a saltbox form dwelling. It is a rectangular timber frame two story building with a one story wing. It features a steeply pitched asymmetrical gable roof with a central brick chimney.It added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Pârâul Sărat is a tributary of the Orășanul River in Romania.
 Friday is the debut album by the Danish pop singer and Popstars participant Christine Milton released on April 13 2004. It spawned four singles with Superstar being the most successful peaking at #1 on the Danish Singles Chart in February 2003. It was later covered internationally by Jamelia.
 The Ahmet Arif Literature Museum Library (Turkish: Ahmet Arif Edebiyat Müze Kütüphanesi) is a literary museum and archive dedicated to Turkish literature and named after the poet Ahmet Arif (1927–1991).
 Good Times Bed Times (戀上你的床 Luen seung ngei dik chong) is a 2003 Hong Kong film starring Sean Lau and Sammi Cheng.
 St. Agnes Cathedral is a Christian church located in Kyoto Japan and is the diocesan Cathedral of the Diocese of Kyoto which comprises all the Anglican-Episcopal churches and other facilities in Fukui Ishikawa Kyoto and Toyama Prefectures.
 The Mission (Chinese: 鎗火) is a 1999 Hong Kong crime film produced and directed Johnnie To and starring Anthony Wong Francis Ng Jackie Lui Lam Suet and Simon Yam.
 I due figli di Ringo (also known as Two Sons of Ringo) is a 1966 Italian western-parody film. It is the last film directed by Giorgio Simonelli that for health reasons just before the end of filming was replaced by Giuliano Carnimeo.
 Gymnophthalmus is genus of Gymnophthalmid lizards native to Mexico Central America and the northern part of South America. Seven species are currently known.
 The DoG Street Journal (DSJ) was a student online newspaper and monthly news magazine of the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg VA. Magazines are issued once a month and online stories appear regularly during the academic year.The DoG Street Journal is named after Duke of Gloucester Street which runs from the historic Wren Building through the heart of Colonial Williamsburg. George Srour and Dan FitzHenry began the publication as students in January 2003.
 d'Artagnan and Three Musketeers (Russian: д'Артаньян и три мушкетёра d'Artanyan i tri mushketera) is a three-part musical miniseries produced in the Soviet Union and first aired in 1978.
 Hiroki Endo's Tanpenshu (遠藤浩輝短編集 Endō Hiroki Tanpenshū translation: Hiroki Endo's Short Stories Collection) is a collection of various short manga by Hiroki Endo spanning two tankōbon volumes.
 Joshua George Beard (1797 – November 9 1866) was mayor of Toronto in 1854.Beard was elected to the Toronto City Council for the St. Lawrence ward. He was elected mayor in 1854.
 Lophiophora is a genus of moths of the Erebidae family.
 St. Stephen's Church Sneinton is a parish church in the Church of England.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest. The parents of D.H. Lawrence married in the church on 27 December 1875.
 Drohi (Tamil: துரோகி turōki IPA: [d̪uɾoːɡi] ? English: Traitor) is an 2010 Tamil-language action drama film written and directed by Sudha K. Prasad starring Srikanth Vishnu Poorna Poonam Bajwa and Pooja Umashanker in lead roles. The film released on 10 September 2010 to positive reviews.
 Herschel Cellel Loveless (May 5 1911 – May 4 1989) was the 34th Governor of Iowa from 1957 to 1961. He was also mayor of Ottumwa Iowa. He was born in 1911 in Hedrick Iowa and died in 1989 in Winchester Virginia.When elected governor in 1956 Loveless was only the fourth Democrat to win Iowa's gubernatorial seat since the Civil War. His ties to Iowa's growing labor movement and the state's urbanization helped to secure his victories in 1956 and 1958.
 Nottawa Creek (also known as Nottawa River Nottawaseepe River and Nottawaseppe River) is a 33.9-mile-long (54.6 km) stream in the U.S. state of Michigan that flows into the St. Joseph River at 42°00′15″N 85°23′40″W approximately three miles east of the village of Mendon. The Nottawa is formed by the outflow of Nottawa Lake in south central Calhoun County. The lake is fed by Nottawa Drain which along with Goose Pond Drain drains an area to the east of the lake.
 Fratelli e sorelle (internationally released as Brothers and Sisters) is an Italian drama film directed by Pupi Avati. It entered the 1992 Venice Film Festival. For her performance in this film Paola Quattrini won a Nastro d'Argento for Best supporting Actress.
 The Campbell Court Hotel is a building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Botngård is a village which is also the administrative centre of the municipality of Bjugn in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located at the end of the Bjugnfjorden. It is 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of Høybakken 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) east of Nes and 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) south of Oksvoll.The 1.1-square-kilometre (270-acre) village has a population (2009) of 1117. There is a videregående school in Botngård.
 Old Blood is an album by Mayday released May 14 2002. The album was recorded in May and November 2001 at Presto! Recording Studios in Lincoln Nebraska. Mayday features the vocals and compositions of Lullaby for the Working Class frontman Ted Stevens. Ted is joined by the remaining Lullaby members including Mike and A.J.
 Mordella auroviolacea is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Nowa Gazomia [ˈnɔva ɡaˈzɔmja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Yeruslan (Russian: Еруслан) is a river Saratov Oblast and Volgograd Oblast Russia a left tributary of the Volga River. It is 278 km long origins at the south-western slope of the Obshchy Syrt and flows to the Yeruslan Cove of the Volgograd Reservoir. Yeruslan has the left inflow Solyonaya Kuba River. Former left tributary Torgun River currently flows to the Yeruslan Cove. The town of Krasny Kut is located alongside the Yeruslan.At summer Yeruslan dries up and in some places has salty water.
 Nimdangi (Persian: نيم دانگي‎ also Romanized as Nīmdāngī; also known as Nīmdāng) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 13 families.
 Aliabad-e Avval (Persian: علي اباداول‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Avval; also known as ‘Alīābād and ‘Alīābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Gowdin Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 69 families.
 Batrachedra garritor is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Arizona.
 Dabinovac is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 64 people.
 Aviv Geffen is the debut English-language studio album by Israeli post-punk singer-songwriter Aviv Geffen released on October 19 2009 in the UK.
 William Craig Lawing (July 6 1925 – June 10 1999) was a member of the North Carolina House of Representatives (1971–1976) and of the North Carolina Senate (1977–1984) representing Mecklenburg County and served as President Pro Tempore of the North Carolina Senate for three terms (1979–1984).
 Dimsie Moves Up is the second of the Dimsie books by author Dorita Fairlie Bruce. First published in 1921 the book was illustrated by Wal Paget. The protagonist Dimsie is now a year older and had moved up one grade at the Jane Willard Foundation.
 Erethistoides pipri is a species of South Asian river catfish endemic to India where it is found in the Rihand and Sone Rivers. This species grows to a length of 3.05 centimetres (1.20 in) SL.
 Brown Cliffs North (13198 ft (4023 m)) is located in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Brown Cliffs North is the 18th tallest peak in Wyoming. The summit is at the northwestern end of a ridge known as Brown Cliffs which are in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest.
 Ajintha Marathi: अजिन्ठा is a marathi movie directed by acclaimed art filmmaker Nitin Chandrakant Desai. It narrates a love story between a Marathi buddhist tribal Paro (Sonalee Kulkarni) and British artist major (Wallace) while the artist visits India to paint the historical monuments and scriptures. It also showcases the historic Ajanta caves and the beautiful scriptures on the walls of the caves depicting the ancient Buddhist culture.
 Coronel Du Graty is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Jeffrey D. Jeff Waldstreicher (born December 31 1979 in Silver Spring Maryland) is an American politician from Maryland and a member of the Democratic Party. He is currently serving in his 1st term in the Maryland House of Delegates representing Maryland's District 18 in Montgomery County.
 In My Life is the fourth album from American New Age pianist Kevin Kern. As with his preceding and succeeding albums it is an album of instrumental songs. It was released on August 24 1999.This is Kern's first album to feature compositions not written by him; prior to this all of his album's songs were solely self-composed.
 Careless is Micky & the Motorcars' third album. It was released in May 2006. The last track (hidden) features a member of the band doing an Elvis impersonation.
 The White Building also known as the Heberling Building is located in the city of Bloomington Illinois United States. Located along Bloomington's East Douglas Street the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in June 1994 and represents one of the better examples of Commercial style architecture still extant in the city. It was built by Bloomington resident Samuel R. White in 1894-1895 to house his furniture sales company.
 The Familiar of Zero (ゼロの使い魔 Zero no Tsukaima) is a fantasy and comedy-oriented series of Japanese light novels written by Noboru Yamaguchi with illustrations by Eiji Usatsuka. Media Factory published 20 volumes between June 2004 and February 2011. The series was left unfinished due to the author's death on April 4 2013.
 The McDonald Ranch in Laramie County Wyoming is a building from 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Heineken Experience located in Amsterdam is a historic brewery and corporate visitor center for the internationally distributed Dutch pilsner Heineken beer.The industrial facility was built as the first Heineken brewery in 1867 serving as the company's primary brewing facility until 1988 when a more modern larger facility was constructed on the outskirts of the city.
 Lyclene kosterini is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dubatolov and Bucsek in 2013. It is found in Cambodia.The length of the forewings is about 10 mm for males and 9.5-11.5 mm for females. The forewings are ochre-yellow with a brown pattern and the hindwings are light yellow with a greyish brown margin.
 Tea for Two was a 10 LP album released by Columbia Records on September 4 1950 under catalog number CL-6149 featuring Doris Day with Axel Stordahl conducting the orchestra on some pieces and the Page Cavanaugh Trio as backup musicians on others. It contained songs from the soundtrack of the movie of the same name.The Columbia catalog number was CL-6149.
 Rudakov (Russian: Рудаков) is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Urup Island Kuril Islands Russia. The volcano has a 700 metres (2300 ft) wide crater which contains a 300 m (1000 ft) wide crater lake.
 The Henderson County Courthouse built in 1913 is an historic 3-story redbrick Classical Revival style courthouse building with full basement located at 100 East Tyler Street in Athens Texas. Designed by L. L. Thurman it is unusual for its angled wings. It also has a central cupola which is not seen in most images but there is no rotunda under the cupola. It is Henderson County's fourth courthouse and the second in Athens.
 Hiram Monserrate (born July 12 1967) is a former member of the New York State Senate. He represented the 13th District which includes the Queens neighborhoods of Jackson Heights Corona East Elmhurst Elmhurst and Woodside. He was expelled by the New York State Senate on February 9 2010 in connection with a misdemeanor assault conviction.Previously he was member of the New York City Council representing District 21 covering an area similar to the 13th Senate District.
 The Campo de Cahuenga near the historic Cahuenga Pass in present day Studio City Los Angeles California was an adobe ranch house on the Rancho Cahuenga where the Treaty of Cahuenga was signed between Lieutenant Colonel John C. Frémont and General Andrés Pico in 1847 ending hostilities in California between Mexico and the United States.
 Hoher Bogen is a mountain range of Bavaria Germany.
 The Camaquã River (Portuguese pronunciation: [kamakuˈɐ̃ or kamaˈkwɐ̃]) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Teodozjów [tɛɔˈdɔzjuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Biała Rawska 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 180.
 Hypopalpis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Now or Never is the second album by American rapper Tela released on October 16 1998 through Rap-a-Lot Records. The album peaked at 49 on the Billboard 200 and 13 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 The Văița River is a tributary of the Moraviţa River in Romania.
 Dream Police is a 1979 studio album by Cheap Trick. It was their fourth studio release and third in a row produced by Tom Werman. It is the band's most commercially successful studio album going to No. 6 on the Billboard 200 chart and being certified platinum within a few months of its release.
 The Unknown Confederate Soldier Monument in Horse Cave is a monument between Horse Cave Kentucky and Kentucky Down Under off the main road between Horse Cave and I-65 on the Old Dixie Highway in Hart County Kentucky. Among the various monuments of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission all of which became part of the National Register of Historic Places on July 17 1997 it is an oddity for several reasons.
 Neil L. Durrance (born September 15 1956) is an attorney and former city councilperson and candidate for mayor of Denton Texas. He served two terms on the City Council in Denton Texas and has was chair of the Denton County Democratic Party. He hosts a local-access and online talk show Texas Progressive Time.
 Dasyloricaria is a genus of armored catfishes native to Central and South America.
 My Kinsman Major Molineux is a short story written by American author Nathaniel Hawthorne in 1831. It first appeared in the 1832 edition of The Token and Atlantic Souvenir published by Samuel Goodrich. It later appeared in The Snow-Image and Other Twice-Told Tales a collection of short stories by Hawthorne published in 1852 by Ticknor Reed & Fields. The story exemplifies the darkest times of American development.
 The Royal Pain is a romance novel by MaryJanice Davidson and is the second book in the Alasken Royal Series. This time the focus is on HRH Princess Alexandria Baranov and her romance with Dr. Sheldon Rivers. It is found in 445 WorldCat libraries
 Los Andes is an Argentine daily newspaper published in the city of Mendoza. The newspaper was founded in 1883 by Adolfo Calle. In September 1995 it became the first Argentine newspaper to become available on the internet.
 The Yellow-winged Vireo (Vireo carmioli) is a small passerine bird. It is endemic to the highlands of Costa Rica and western Panama.This vireo occurs from 2000 m to the timberline in the canopy of mountain forest sometimes feeding in undergrowth or tall second growth. The small cup nest is built in the fork of a small branch 3–20 m high in a tree or scrub and the clutch is two dark-spotted white eggs.
 Eunaticina is a genus of predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Cole Hotel also known as Cole European Hotel was a hotel in Fargo North Dakota United States. The hotel building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and was removed from the National Register in 2009.Edward Cole entered the hotel business following the 1893 Fargo fire which destroyed all the first class hotels in the city.
 Limavatnet is a lake in the municipality of Gjesdal in Rogaland county Norway. It is connected to Edlandsvatnet at Vaula bru bridge (E39).
 The Highland Splitfin (Hubbsina turneri) is a species of splitfin endemic to Mexico where it is found in the Lerma River basin. This species grows to a length of 5 centimetres (2.0 in) TL. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Percy Paul Mockler (born April 14 1949 in St. Leonard New Brunswick) is a Canadian Senator and former New Brunswick MLA.
 Greenkeeping is a 1992 Australian film directed by David Caesar.
 Allah Chal (Persian: الله چال‎ also Romanized as Āllah Chāl; also known as Aleh Chāl) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 979 in 264 families.
 Kagome Kagome (かごめかごめ) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Toshiki Yui. The manga is licensed in France by Panini Comics.
 Aleuron carinata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856 and is known from southern Mexico Panama Venezuela Brazil Bolivia Costa Rica Belize and Ecuador.The wingspan is 62-86 mm. Adults are on wing at least from July to January in Costa Rica and in June in Panama.The larvae feed on Doliocarpus dentatus Curatella americana and probably other Dilleniaceae species.
 The Terrorist (Arabic: الإرهابي‎ transliterated: Al-Erhabi) is a popular 1994 Egyptian film starring Adel Imam.
 Infinite Jest is a 1996 novel by David Foster Wallace. The lengthy and complex work takes place in a semi-satiric future version of North America and touches on substance addiction recovery programs depression child abuse family relationships advertising popular entertainment film theory Quebec separatism and tennis among other topics. The novel includes 388 numbered endnotes (some of which have footnotes of their own) that explain or expand on points in the story.
 The James Nichols House is a historic house at 273 Pearl Street in Reading Massachusetts. Built c. 1795 this 1.5 story gambrel-roofed house is built in a vernacular Georgian style and is a rare local example of the style. There is a late 19th century Queen Anne carriage house on the property.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Gahniacarus is a genus of flat mites in the family Tenuipalpidae containing the following species: Gahniacarus gersonus Beard & Ochoa 2011 Gahniacarus tuberculatus Beard & Ochoa 2011↑
 Rich Bottom Farm is a historic home located near Purcellville Loudoun County Virginia. The house was built in three sections between about 1780 and 1820. It is a two-story limestone and brick structure with a side gable roof in the Federal style. The front facade features an eight bay full-width frame porch. Also on the property are the contributing two-story limestone spring house and limestone smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 $uga(r) is the sixth studio album by Dutch rock and roll band Claw Boys Claw and the first on EMI. It is one of their commercially most successful albums and musically it sees the former garage band move toward what would be called swamp rock. It was the most successful album of their career reaching #26 on 13 February 1993 on the Dutch album chart and staying on the chart for 10 weeks.
 Acco is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Sinseonbong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 967 metres.
 Douglas S. Doug Jackson (born July 10 1954 in Dickson Tennessee) was a Tennessee State Senator attorney and executive director of the Renaissance Center.
 The Rundelstone of Oz is a novel by Eloise Jarvis McGraw. It is a volume in the series of fictional works about the Land of Oz by L. Frank Baum and his successors.The Rundelstone of Oz was originally the opening section of McGraw's The Forbidden Fountain of Oz. Extracted from that book the Rundelstone story remained unpublished until it was included in the sixth and final issue of Oz-story Magazine the annual periodical issued by David Maxine and Eric Shanower from 1995 to 2000.
 Steve Forde is the first solo album by Australian Country music star Steve Forde which is both a greatest hits CD and has brand new content. The CD produced two singles both of which reached the number one position on the CMC request charts.[citation needed]
 Biaraq (Persian: بيعرق‎ also Romanized as Bī‘araq; also known as Bī‘areh) is a village in Ani Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 8 families.
 Reconstruction is a 2001 documentary made by Irene Lusztig that investigates the Ioanid Gang bank heist committed in 1959 in Communist Romania. The film focuses on Monica Sevianu Lusztig's grandmother and the only female involved in the heist.The documentary gets its name from a propaganda film that was made by the Romanian government three years after the robbery was committed.
 The Unchanging Sea is a 1910 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film survives in the Library of Congress film archive.
 Strižilo is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 479 people.
 A Spot of Bother is a 1938 British comedy film directed by David MacDonald and starring Robertson Hare Alfred Drayton Sandra Storme and Kathleen Joyce. The film is a farce in which a Bishop unwisely decides to loan the cathedral funds to a dubious businessman. Meanwhile his secretary is involved with smuggled goods. It was shot at Pinewood Studios and adapted from a play by Vernon Sylvaine.
 Opisthostoma grandispinosum is a species of air-breathing land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Diplommatinidae.
 Adler's Appetite is an EP released by American hard rock band Adler's Appetite. It was produced by the band. Adler's Appetite was released in February 2005 and consists of four original songs by the band as well as two covers: Draw the Line by Aerosmith and Hollywood by Thin Lizzy. A studio album was planned for release in 2005 through Shrapnel Records but failed to materialise.
 Eudiadora is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Eudiadora bronzeola Cobos 1959 Eudiadora kerremansi Obenberger 1932 Eudiadora meliboeoides Obenberger 1947 Eudiadora pulchra (Obenberger 1922)↑
 Haghpat Monastery also known as Haghpatavank (Հաղպատավանք in Armenian) is a medieval Armenian monastery complex in Haghpat Armenia.Described as a masterpiece of religious architecture and a major center of learning in the Middle Ages this venerable institution of the Armenian Apostolic Church was placed on UNESCO's World Heritage List in 1996.The monastery was founded by Saint Nishan (Sourb Nshan) in the 10th century during the reign of King Abas I.
 Mount Naka (中岳 Naka-dake) is located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaido Japan. It sits on the north rim of the Ohachidaira caldera.
 The Poet Game is an album by American folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown released in 1994.
 Secret Voyage is the seventh studio album by the group Blackmore's Night. According to a SPV press release Secret Voyage is another kaleidoscopic musical journey through time and space incorporating and rearranging traditional melodies from all over Europe blending the old and contemporary.
 The Oca river is a short river about 70 km of the north of Spain It is an affluent of the Ebro river that flows through the province of Burgos. It is born in the Sistema Ibérico range and it has 70 km of route crossing of the south to north the municipalities of Rábanos Villafranca Montes de Oca Valle de Oca Alcocero de Mola Prádanos de Bureba Briviesca Vileña the shire of Bureba and Oña.Oca River rises in the comarca of Montes de Oca near the town of Rábanos.
 Lake Margrethe is near Grayling in Crawford County Michigan. Its area is 1920 acres (780 ha). It was formerly known as Portage Lake before the name change.Fish species include: rock bass yellow perch bluegill smallmouth bass largemouth bass northern pike tiger muskie and walleye.Portions of the Lake are within Camp Grayling. It is a favorite fishing and recreation lake for soldiers in their off-duty hours.There is also Lake Margrethe State Forest campground.
 The Țiganca River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Phalangodoidea is a superfamily of the harvestman infraorder Grassatores with three recognized families and 220 species. It is not to be confused with the similar spelled subfamily Phalangioidea which is also a harvestman superfamily but within the infraorder Eupnoi.
 Wilfried Achiel Emma Martens (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈβ̞ɪl̪ fɾit̪ ˈmɑɾt̪ə(n̪)s̪] ; 19 April 1936 – 9 October 2013) was a Belgian politician. He was born in Sleidinge (East Flanders). During his political career Martens served as the Prime Minister of Belgium from 3 April 1979 to 6 April 1981 and 17 December 1981 to 7 March 1992.
 Summer Brave is a play by William Inge a revision of his Pulitzer Prize-winning 1953 play Picnic.
 The Río Loco is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Country Love Ballads is an album by American country music duo The Louvin Brothers released in 1958.Producer Ken Nelson set up recording sessions in August 1958 to record enough tracks for two albums. The first was to become Country Love Ballads the second the gospel music for Satan Is Real. Over 20 songs were recorded in a seven day span.If I Could Only Win Your Love was covered by Emmylou Harris and became her first solo hit in 1975.
 Finding Graceland is a 1998 American film starring Harvey Keitel Johnathon Schaech Bridget Fonda and Gretchen Mol. The film features a character who claims to be an alive-and-well Elvis years after staging his death.
 The Augusta Theater is a movie theater located in the city of Augusta Kansas United States. Designed by architect L. P. Larson the walls are decorated with large murals depicting classical scenes. It is significant however in that it was the first theater to use neon lighting exclusively. Considered to be a landmark of the Art Deco era it is now home to the Augusta Arts Council.The theater is currently being restored. So far the neon lights on the front of the building have been restored.
 Tarachodes beieri is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady of the Snows (Catalan: Catedral de la Verge de les Neus Spanish: Catedral de Nuestra Señora de las Nieves) is the principal church and cathedral of the City of Ibiza (Eivissa).
 The Glidden-Austin Block is located in Newcastle Maine. The building was built in 1845 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 28 1975.
 Strgonice (Cyrillic: Стргонице) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kicker In Tow is Hangedup's second album released in the fall of 2002 on Montreal's Constellation Records label. It was released on CD and LP catalogue number Constellation # CST022-1.
 Pohorany [pɔxɔˈranɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Mestocharella is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Bull Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada. It is about 570 metres (1870 ft) long and 260 metres (853 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 358 metres (1175 ft) about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northeast of the community of Sioux Narrows. The primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Mac Lake whose waters flow via the Black River into Lake of the Woods.
 The Msta (Russian: Мста) is a river in Vyshnevolotsky Udomelsky and Bologovsky Districts of Tver Oblast and in Borovichsky Okulovsky Lyubytinsky Malovishersky Krestetsky and Novgorodsky Districts as well as in the town of Borovichi of Novgorod Oblast of Russia. It is a tributary of Lake Ilmen. It is 445 kilometres (277 mi) long and the area of its basin 23300 square kilometres (9000 sq mi).
 Mark E. Recktenwald (born October 8 1955) is lawyer who became a judge in Hawaii.
 Gunnarnes Chapel (Norwegian: Gunnarnes kapell) is a chapel in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Gunnarnes on the island of Rolvsøya. The chapel is part of the Måsøy parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1986 and it seats about 77 people.
 The Ulmul River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 Pardaram (Persian: پردارم‎ also Romanized as Pardāram) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 The Călugăru River is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania.
 Miodusy-Stok [mjɔˈdusɨ ˈstɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Karen Johnson Williams (August 4 1951 – November 2 2013) was a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit appointed in 1992 and serving as its Chief Judge from 2007 until her retirement in 2009. Williams was mentioned as a potential nominee to the United States Supreme Court during the administration of George W. Bush.
 Aria is the seventeenth album released by Gianna Nannini in 2002. It reached number 7 on the Italian album chart and number 29 on the album chart in Switzerland.
 Riyam is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Joseph A. Smith was an American politician who served as Sheriff of Worcester County Massachusetts from 1962 to 1977.Smith was the son of Dr. Joseph A. and Mary (Dunn) Smith. From 1941 to 1962 Smith was an F.B.I. special agent. Smith worked as an instructor teaching such things as firearms and federal criminal law. Smith resigned his position as Sheriff on September 1 1977 while under investigation by the Massachusetts Attorney General.
 The Wyvern Mystery is a 2000 BBC film starring Naomi Watts and Derek Jacobi. The film is based on Sheridan Le Fanu's novel.
 The Skellefte River (Swedish: Skellefteälven or Skellefte älv) is a river in northern Sweden; one of the major Norrland rivers..
 Lubachowy [lubaˈxɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moskorzew within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Moskorzew 25 km (16 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 176.
 Eois hulaquina is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Panama.
 The Overseas Railroad (a.k.a. Florida Overseas Railroad and the Overseas Extension) was an extension of the Florida East Coast Railway to Key West located 128 miles (206 kilometres) beyond the end of the Florida peninsula. Work on the line started in 1905 and was completed in 1912; the line was in daily passenger and freight service until its destruction by a hurricane in 1935.
 Acrolepia halosema is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1931. It is found in Argentina.
 Mirlande Manigat (born Mirlande Hyppolite in Miragoâne on November 3 1940) is a Haitian politician and candidate in the 2010 presidential election. She is the wife of former president Leslie Manigat.
 Archibald Hayes Macdonell CMG DSO (February 6 1868 – November 12 1939) was a Canadian soldier and politician.Born in Toronto Ontario the third son of late Angus Duncan Macdonell and Pauline Rosalie De-la-haye Macdonell served in the Canadian Militia in South Africa Southern Nigeria and West Africa. He attended staff college passing there in 1906. During World War I he commanded the 5th Canadian Infantry Brigade.
 Botliyeh (Persian: بطليه‎ also Romanized as Boţlīyeh and Botleyeh; also known as Bolīyeh and Botlia) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 44 families.
 Siah Takan-e Pain (Persian: سياه تكان پائين‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Takān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Rahdar Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 James Clinkscales Hill (born January 8 1924) is a United States federal judge.Born in Darlington South Carolina Hill was in the United States Army Air Corps during World War II from 1943 to 1945. He received a J.D. from Emory University School of Law in 1948 and a B.S.C. from the University of South Carolina in 1948. He was in private practice in Atlanta Georgia from 1948 to 1974. On July 9 1974 Hill was nominated by President Richard M.
 The Empty Star (Spanish: La Estrella Vacía) is a 1958 Mexican drama film directed by Emilio Gómez Muriel starring María Félix and inspired by the novel of the same name by Luis Spota.
 Music and Me is the seventh studio album by Filipino singer Sarah Geronimo released in the Philippines on December 22 2009 by VIVA Records. The album consists of revivals of both foreign and OPM classics. It features four of Geronimo's past singles namely—Can This Be Love Very Special Love You Changed My Life in a Moment and Something New in My Life—all of which were used as soundtracks for Star Cinema films which became box-office hits.
 Mohammed Mustapha Namadi is the Commissioner for Agriculture and Natural Resources in Kano State Nigeria.
 Wide Awake in Europe is a live extended play (EP) by rock band U2. The release was created by the organizers of Record Store Day to bring customers into independent record shops for holiday shopping. A limited number of 5000 EPs were produced and were released on Black Friday in 2010 mostly to record shops in North America. The EP features three live tracks on a 12-inch vinyl record taken from three different concerts during the U2 360° Tour in 2009 and 2010.
 The Tulburelul River is a tributary of the Şoimu River in Romania.
 Jeronimo Siller (San Pedro Garza García Nuevo León; September 30 1880 - Monterrey Nuevo León; March 14 1962) was an inventor politician and Mexican military man who participated in the Mexican Revolution being one of its precursors. He was a Governor of Nuevo León replacing General Porfirio G. González.
 Biology of Reproduction is a peer-reviewed scientific journal and the official journal of the Society for the Study of Reproduction. It is published with the assistance of HighWire Press. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.027 ranking it 5th out of 28 journals in the category Reproductive Biology.
 Negro Colleges in War Time is a short propaganda film produced by the Office of War Information in 1943. Other than in the title no reference is made to the students' race.The film begins with a shot of the famous statue of Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee and notes that progress and industry has a new meaning for the present -- winning the Second World War.
 Robert Renaut Beezer (July 21 1928 – March 30 2012) was a United States Circuit Judge for the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.Born in Seattle Washington Beezer received a B.A. from the University of Virginia in 1951 and an LL.B. from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1956. He was a U.S. Marine Corps Reserve Lieutenant from 1951 to 1953.
 Maan Apmaan is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by N.V. Deshpande.
 Aretha: A Woman Falling Out Of Love is a studio album by Aretha Franklin her second since leaving Arista Records. It features duets with Ronald Isley Karen Clark-Sheard and her son Eddie Franklin. Duets with Richard Marx and Faith Hill were also recorded but ultimately shelved.
 The Grand Forks Hotel was a prominent roadhouse during the Klondike Gold Rush situated near Dawson City in the Yukon region of Canada.
 No Trespassing is the sixteenth studio album and 19th overall album by the American rapper Too Short it was released on February 28 2012 under Dangerous Music seal owned by Too Short. The albums production was handled by Vincent VT Tolan Exclusive and various others with guest features from 50 Cent E-40 and Snoop Dogg.
 Ceuthelea is a genus of snout moths. It contains the species C. umtalensis. It is found in South Africa.
 Mitra sarmientoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Ritmo Ardiente is the twelfth album by Mexican star Laura León. It was released in 1984.
 Tony Silipo (August 10 1957 – March 10 2012) was a Canadian politician. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 1999 representing the New Democratic Party in the riding of Dovercourt. In 1999 he was appointed to the Workplace Safety and Insurance appeals tribunal. He died in 2012 from a brain tumour.
 Grizzly Peak in Yosemite Valley is a promontory on the southwest wall below the popular Half Dome. It can be seen on the hike to Vernal Fall and Nevada Fall from northeastern Glacier Point and various other locations in the Yosemite Valley. The top is not accessible by any trail although rock climbers frequent the peak.
 Anthophila is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family.
 European Journal of Communication is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on communications and media. The journal was established in 1986 and covers all aspects of communication research and theory.
 The Somberlain is the debut album by Dissection released in 1993. It proved to be a highly influential release for both black metal and melodic death metal. The band dedicated the album to Euronymous who was murdered the same year.The album was reissued in 1997 by Nuclear Blast Records and again in 2004 by Black Lodge. Black Lodge also released a special edition set in 2005 limited to 666 copies packaged in a wooden box along with a T-shirt and a sticker.
 The Word for World Is Forest is a science fiction novel by Ursula K. Le Guin published in 1976 and based on her 1972 novella which was nominated for a Nebula Award.It is part of Le Guin's Hainish Cycle.
 Llikllamayu (Quechua lliklla a rectangular shoulder cloth mayu river hispanicized spelling Legiamayo) is a river in Peru located in the Ancash Region Carhuaz Province Marcará District. It originates in the Cordillera Blanca west of the mountains Qupa and Lliklla near the lake Llikllaqucha. It is a right tributary of the Santa River. The confluence is near Marcará.
 Everything That Happens Will Happen Today is the second album made in collaboration between David Byrne and Brian Eno released on August 18 2008 by Todo Mundo. The album explores themes of humanity versus technology and optimism in spite of bleak circumstance through the blending of electronic and Gospel music.
 El Adobe de Capistrano or simply known as El Adobe is a restaurant located in San Juan Capistrano California. It has been operated since 1948 and is in a building composed of two historic adobes near Mission San Juan Capistrano. It is also famous for being frequented by and being a favorite of U.S. President Richard Nixon who lived in nearby San Clemente.The adobe which comprises the northern portion of the restaurant was built as the home of Miguel Yorba in 1797.
 Robert Maynard Murray (November 28 1841 – August 2 1913) was an attorney banker businessman and member of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio.
 Monte Rocchetta is a 1575 m mountain near Lake Garda close to the city of Riva del Garda in Italy.
 She Who Dwells in the Secret Place of the Most High Shall Abide Under the Shadow of the Almighty is a 2003 double album by Sinéad O'Connor.It is a two-CD set. The first CD collects several rare tracks O'Connor recorded as B-sides for soundtrack albums or in collaboration with other artists and the second disc contains a live concert.The album's title is a modification of Psalm 91 verse 1. This is the same psalm that gave O'Connor's first album The Lion and the Cobra its name.
 Metal Gear Solid: Portable Ops Original Soundtrack is the official soundtrack for Metal Gear Solid: Portable Ops released for Sony's PlayStation Portable. The soundtrack contains 44 tracks composed by: Akihiro Honda Kazuma Jinnouchi Nobuko Toda Takahiro Izutani Norihiko Hibino & Yoshitaka Suzuki. The soundtrack was released on December 20 2006.
 Grzybów Hornowski [ˈɡʐɨbuf xɔrˈnɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Żychlin 24 km (15 mi) east of Kutno and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Durak (Persian: دورك‎ also Romanized as Dūrak) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 47 families.
 Finishing Becca: A Story about Peggy Shippen and Benedict Arnold by Ann Rinaldi is a historical fiction published in 1994. It takes place during the revolutionary war (about 1778-1782).A story of friendship and trust.
 Edward Everett Grosscup (August 2 1860 – December 16 1933) was chairman of the New Jersey Democratic State Committee from 1911 to 1919 and Treasurer of the State of New Jersey from 1913 to 1915. In 1916 he became the New Jersey state purchasing agent.
 The Man with Nine Lives is a 1940 American science fiction mystery film directed by Nick Grinde and starring Boris Karloff.
 Vuohijärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is located partly in Southern Savonia region and partly in Kymenlaakso region. It is quite deep lake compared with the other Finnish lakes. The ecological condition of the lake is good and the water is very clear. Even there are quite many islands there are also quite much open water 	especially in Isoselkä open lake area.
 Seguenzia trochiformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seguenziidae.
 A Crush on You is a 2011 Hallmark Channel original movie that tells the story of Charley Anderson a single mother and Ben Martin a man who began an e-mail relationship with her thinking she was another woman. It is a romantic comedy starring Brigid Brannagh Sean Patrick Flanery and Kim Rhodes. It was directed by Allison Anders. Alternatively known as 'Mystery Girl.
 Big Moose Lake at the head of the Moose River is a large lake about five miles (8 km) north of Fourth Lake in the Adirondacks in upstate New York. It is a popular spot amongst tourists all year round: boating water skiing and hiking in the summer; cross-country skiing and snowmobiling in the winter.
 For other persons named William or Bill Richardson see William Richardson (disambiguation).William Burdette Richardson (November 10 1874 – September 19 1945) was a Minnesota politician. He served in the Minnesota Senate. In the Senate he served as president pro tem and acting lieutenant governor when Governor Floyd B. Olson died and Lieutenant Governor Hjalmar Petersen became governor. He served as Acting Lieutenant Governor from August 24 1936 to January 1 1937.
 US Post Office-Forest Hills Station is a historic post office building located at Forest Hills in Queens County New York United States. It was built in 1937 and was designed by architect Lorimer Rich as a consultant to the Office of the Supervising Architect. It is a one story flat roofed building clad with reddish brown terra cotta above a base of granite in the International style.
 The Dream Songs is a compilation of two books of poetry 77 Dream Songs (1964) and His Toy His Dream His Rest (1968) by the American poet John Berryman. According to Berryman's Note to The Dream Songs This volume combines 77 Dream Songs and His Toy His Dream His Rest comprising Books I through VII of a poem whose working title since 1955 has been The Dream Songs. So as this note indicates Berryman clearly intended the two books to be read as a single work.
 Edward Scissorhands is a 1990 American romantic dark fantasy film directed by Tim Burton and starring Johnny Depp. The film shows the story of an artificial man named Edward an unfinished creation who has scissors for hands. Edward is taken in by a suburban family and falls in love with their teenage daughter Kim.
 Sabilal Muhtadin is the largest mosque in Banjarmasin Indonesia in terms of capacity to accommodate people. The name chosen for this Banjarmasin Sultan Mosque is a tribute and appreciation of the late Grand Scholars Sheikh Muhammad al-Banjary Arsyad (1710 – 1812 AD) who had developed the Islamic religion in the kingdom of Banjar or South Kalimantan region now.
 Kalno [ˈkalnɔ] (German: Kallendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarów within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Żarów 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Świdnica and 43 kilometres (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 320.
 Awaz-e Nasle Nau (آواز نسل نو) is a daily newspaper founded by Tanzeem Nasle Nau Hazara Mughal based in Quetta Pakistan.
 El malvado Carabel (The Evil Carabel) is a 1960 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Nancy B. Firestone (born October 17 1951) is a judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims appointed to that court in 1998 by President Bill Clinton.Born in Manchester New Hampshire Firestone received a B.A. from Washington University in 1973 and a Juris Doctor J.D. from the University of Missouri–Kansas City School of Law in 1977. Firestone served in various capacities as an attorney with the United States Department of Justice from 1977 to 1989.
 Jifiri (Persian: جيفري‎ also Romanized as Jīfirī) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 352 in 54 families.
 True Colors: The Best of Sonic the Hedgehog Part 2 also known as Waking Up: The Best of Sonic the Hedgehog Part 2 is a compilation album of various songs from the Sonic the Hedgehog gaming franchise a sequel to True Blue: The Best of Sonic the Hedgehog. It was released by Wave Master Entertainment on December 16 2009.
 The diamond stingray (Dasyatis dipterura) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae. It is found in the coastal waters of the eastern Pacific Ocean from southern California to northern Chile and around the Galápagos and Hawaiian Islands. This bottom-dweller generally inhabits sandy or muddy flats near rocky reefs and kelp forests to a depth of 30 m (98 ft) though off Hawaii it may range considerably deeper.
 Pterocalla is a genus of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the family Ulidiidae.
 Samuel Bealey Harrison (March 4 1802 – July 23 1867) was Joint Premier of the Province of Canada for Canada East from 1841 to 1842 with William Henry Draper PM for Canada West. Draper was a member of the Family Compact and Harrison was a moderate Reformer the predecessor of the Liberal Party of Canada.Born in Manchester England to John and Mary Harrison Harrison was a lawyer miller politician and judge. He was called to the bar in 1832 and entered practice in London.
 Noul Neamţ Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Noul Neamţ) is an all-male Moldovan Orthodox monastery located in Chiţcani near Tighina geographically in Basarabia but controlled by the breakaway Transnistrian authorities. It is also known as Chiţcani Monastery.
 Pseudosimnia shikamai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Lautenbach (Linzer Aach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Haverhill Board of Trade Building is a historic factory building at 16-18 and 38-42 Walnut Street in Haverhill Massachusetts. The seven story brick building was built in stages between 1906 and 1908 by the Haverhill Board of Trade a consortium of local businessmen. The purposes of the building was to provide affordable factory space to small business operators principally in the shoe manufacturing business that dominated Haverhill's economy in the early 20th century.
 The Oanțul River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Wake's hidden salamander (Cryptotriton wakei) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in the Sierra del Merendón range in Guatemala and possibly Honduras.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Mexico Trilogy or Mariachi Trilogy (also Desperado Trilogy on some DVD releases) is a series of films— El Mariachi Desperado and Once Upon a Time in Mexico—all written produced and directed by Robert Rodriguez beginning in 1992 and ending in 2003 and distributed by Columbia Tristar. The films tell the continuing story of the movies' main character El Mariachi.
 St James' Church West Derby is located in Mill Lane West Derby a suburb of Liverpool Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of West Derby the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with that of St Mary West Derby. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Bhim Bhadur Gurung was the third Chief Minister of Sikkim. He held office from May 11 until May 24 1984 the shortest term in the history of Sikkim.
 Oenomaus was a Gallic gladiator who escaped from the gladiatorial school of Lentulus Batiatus in Capua. Together with the Thracian Spartacus and the fellow Gauls Crixus Castus and Gannicus he became one of the leaders of rebellious slaves during the Third Servile War (73-71 BC) Oenomaus was involved in one of the first major successes of the slave army the rout of the army of the praetor Gaius Claudius Glaber who had tried to lay siege to the slave army near Mount Vesuvius.
 Glimke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Yogyakarta Fortress Museum (Official Indonesian name Museum Benteng Yogyakarta) also known as Vredeburg Fortress Museum is a museum in Yogyakarta. The museum was established in a former Dutch fortress. It is located in front of Gedung Agung one of seven presidential palaces in Indonesia and the Sultan Palace called Kraton.
 Mind Is Not Brain is the sixth album by Mock Orange released in July 2004 through Silverthree Sound Recordings. This album became a cornerstone in their career marking a stylistic evolution from their early punk/emo sound into more of a country/folk sound.
 The Beetle is a 1919 British silent horror film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Maudie Dunham Hebden Foster and Fred Morgan. It was based on the 1897 novel The Beetle by Richard Marsh.
 Telegraph Building was a historic commercial building located at Harrisburg Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1909-1910 and was a building in the Italianate style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It was delisted in 1983 after it was demolished. It was also included in the Old Downtown Harrisburg Commercial Historic District.
 Sugarhouse is a British urban thriller movie starring Steven Mackintosh Ashley Walters Andy Serkis and Adam Deacon. The low-budget thriller is based around the stage play Collision. The film was released on August 24 2007.
 The Trouble with Girls is an American comic book published serially from 1987–1993 by Malibu Comics/Eternity Comics Comico and Epic Comics. It was written by Will Jacobs and Gerard Jones and drawn by Tim Hamilton and others.The Trouble with Girls is a satirical action series starring Lester Girls who wants to be simply an average guy with a dead-end job a plain wife and no adventures more exciting than a good night's sleep.
 Nydalasjön previously known as Tavlesjön is a lake in Umeå Sweden. Located a few kilometers outside the central city Nydalasjön is adjacent to the residential areas Mariehem Nydalahöjd and Tomtebo.
 The Epistles of Wisdom (Arabic: رسَائل الحكمة‎) or Rasa'il al-Hikma (Arabic: رسـائـل الـحـكـمـة‎) is a corpus of sacred texts and pastoral letters by teachers of the Druze Faith which has currently close to a million faithful mainly in Lebanon Syria Israel and Jordan.
 Sang Cheshmeh-ye Do (Persian: سنگ چشمه 2‎; also known as Sang Cheshmeh-ye Shomāreh Do) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 20 families.
 Homocore is an American anarcho-punk zine created by Tom Jennings and Deke Nihilson and published in San Francisco from 1988 to 1991. One of the first queer zines Homocore was directed toward the hardcore punk youth of the gay underground. The publication has been noted for popularizing the Queercore movement on the United States west coast.
 Elk Lake is a natural body of water in the central Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Oregon. Nearly 4900 feet (1500 m) above sea level the lake is part of a volcanic landscape about 25 miles (40 km) west-southwest of Bend along the Cascade Lakes Scenic Byway.Elk Lake is about 6 miles (10 km) west of Mount Bachelor in Deschutes National Forest.
 Richard A. Davey is an American attorney and transportation executive who has served as the Massachusetts Secretary of Transportation since September 2 2011.
 Protocotyle euzetmaillardi Justine 2011 is a species of monogenean of the family Hexabothriidae Price 1942. It is the third described species of the genus Protocotyle after Protocotyle grisea (Cerfontaine1899) Euzet & Maillard 1974 and Protocotyle taschenbergi (Maillard & Oliver1966) Euzet & Maillard 1974.The body is 4.5-6.1 millimetres in length elongate and it includes like all monogeneans a posterior attachment organ called haptor.
 Bahrud (Persian: بحرود‎ also Romanized as Baḩrūd) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 256 in 58 families.
 Alphabet City is a 1984 crime drama film directed by Amos Poe. The story follows a young gangster of Italian descent named Johnny who has been given control over his own neighborhood by the Mob. Then unknown actors Vincent Spano (as Johnny) Jami Gertz and Michael Winslow give compelling performances in this low-budget crime/drama/thriller. Acclaimed film and stage actress Zohra Lampert plays Johnny's mother. The film is set in Alphabet City a part of the East Village in New York City.
 Szyba [ˈʂɨba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasteczko within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Nowe Miasteczko 15 km (9 mi) south of Nowa Sól and 33 km (21 mi) south of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 49.
 Mandala (Hangul: 만다라) is a 1981 South Korean film about Buddhist monks in Korea. This is considered by many critics to be director Im Kwon-taek's breakthrough film as a cinematic artist.
 Milton Milt Patterson is a former two-term Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 32nd District on the southwest side of Chicago from 2008 until 2009.
 Mobeytiheh-ye Seh (Persian: مبيطيحه سه‎ also Romanized as Mobeyţīḩeh-ye Seh and Mobeyţīḩeh-e Seh; also known as Mobaitihehé Seh Raykan Mobeyţīḩeh and Mobeyţīḩehe Seh Rāykān) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 8 families.
 House at Upper Laurel Iron Works is a historic home located in Newlin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1872 and is a two-story stone banked dwelling with a gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Jeremiah Lee Mansion (1768) is a historic house located at 170 Washington Street Marblehead Massachusetts. It is operated as a house museum by the local historical society and is open during the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.The mansion is a large wooden house in the Georgian style with imitation stone ashlar facade built in 1768 by Colonel Jeremiah Lee at that time the wealthiest merchant and ship owner in the Province of Massachusetts Bay.
 John Hall Kelly (September 1 1879 – March 10 1941) was a Canadian lawyer politician and diplomat.Born in Saint-Godefroy Gaspé Peninsula Quebec Kelly was educated at the Collège de Lévis the University of St. Joseph's College and at the Université Laval. He was called to the Bar of Quebec in 1903. He was created a King's Counsel in 1914. He practiced law in New Carlisle Quebec specializing in corporate law.
 Anopina apicalis is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Puebla).
 Hédi Annabi (4 September 1943 – 12 January 2010) was a Tunisian diplomat and Special Representative of the United Nations Secretary-General Head of the UN Stabilization Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH). He was previously an Assistant-Secretary-General at the United Nations Department of Peacekeeping Operations from 1997 to 2007.Annabi died in the 2010 Haiti earthquake in which the UN Headquarters in Port-au-Prince collapsed.
 Hanging Gardens is the seventh album by Australian improvised music trio The Necks. It was first released on the Fish of Milk label in 1999 and the ReR label internationally. The album features a single hour-long track titled Hanging Garden performed by Chris Abrahams Lloyd Swanton and Tony Buck. The Guardian review calls the album mesmerising grandiose music from one of the best bands on the planet.
 The Selz is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany a left tributary to the Rhine. It flows through the biggest German wine region which is called Rheinhessen.It rises near the village Orbis in the Donnersbergkreis passes the border from the Palatinate to Rheinhessen and after about 8 km the city of Alzey in the Alzey-Worms district. There the river passes a pond and vanishes underground flowing through the canalisation of the town.
 Resurrection (Italian:Resurrectio) is a 1931 Italian drama film directed by Alessandro Blasetti and starring Lia Franca Daniele Crespi and Venera Alexandescu. The film was the first Italian sound film to be made but the studio held it back from release and another production by the company The Song of Love was the first film to be released. The film's production was troubled and it was not a commercial success.
 José Francisco Álvarez (1796–1841) was an Argentine lawyer military and politician who served briefly as governor of the province of Córdoba. He was born in Córdoba in the Viceroyalty of Rio de la Plata and died in San Juan Argentina on August 22 1841.
 Moving released in 1983 is the third studio album by The Raincoats. It was re-released in the US by DGC Records in 1993 and in the UK by Rough Trade Records in 1994 with a different track-list. On its original release the album reached #5 in the UK Indie Chart.
 Era Renifera is second studio album by Polish singer Reni Jusis. Musically it's a mixture of many genres just like Jusis previous record Zakręcona. Elements of reggae can also be heard. Two covers were recorded: Lech Janerka's Konstytucje and 10 CC'sDreadlock holiday.Era Renifera was nominated to Pop Album of The Year (Album Roku Pop) and Video of the Year (Teledysk Roku) W głowie woda on Fryderyki Awards.
 Emily Perry is a Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives representing the 24th district. Perry opposed a Kansas law passed in 2013 that attempted to nullify federal gun laws on the grounds that it was unconstitutional.
 Old Friends is an album by The Expos which was re-released on January 24 2007 on Stomp.The Album was originally released by The Donuts The Expos under a different name. It has been remastered with all of the problems the band had with the record fixed.
 Bear River is a small clear slow moving river in the U.S. state of Michigan. 14.7 miles (23.7 km) long it is the largest tributary of Little Traverse Bay in the northwest of the lower peninsula. The river is formed as the outflow of Walloon Lake on the boundary between Charlevoix County and Emmet County draining from the southeast end of the lake at 45°15′40″N 84°56′01″W near the community of Walloon Lake in Melrose Township. M-75 has its northern terminus in a junction with US 131 nearby.
 The Winslow Chemical Laboratory was a laboratory of the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute campus in Troy New York United States which finished construction in 1866. It is named in honor of the 5th President of RPI John F. Winslow who donated half of the construction cost. The building is brick with stone trimmings and was originally constructed with butternut chestnut and black walnut. The whole building was fitted for complete courses in general and analytical chemistry.
 Birboneh-ye Pain (Persian: بيربنه پائين‎ also Romanized as Bīrboneh-ye Pā’īn and Bīr Boneh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Bīr Benah Bīr Boneh and Mīr Boneh) is a village in Kisom Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 46 families.
 The Gathering is the title of a studio album released by the Caribbean Jazz Project on June 11 2002. Dave Samuels Dave Valentin and Paquito D'Rivera are the main performers on the album which was awarded with a Grammy Award for Best Latin Jazz Album.
 Piz Surgonda is a mountain of the Albula Alps located north of the Julier Pass in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range surrounding the Val Bever east of Piz d'Agnel.Piz Surgonda is composed of two summits of almost equal height: the western summit (3193 m) and the eastern summit (3196 m).
 Argyresthia ivella is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland the Netherlands the Iberian Peninsula Finland Italy Slovakia and most of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 10–12 mm. Adults are on wing in July and August.The larvae feed on Malus and Corylus species including Corylus avellana. They feed in the shoot of their host plant.
 Tomei Ningen (透明人間 Tōmei Ningen lit. Transparent Man) is a black-and-white Japanese action / horror film originally released in 1954. Produced by the Toho studio the film is a loose adaption of the science fiction novella entitled The Invisible Man written by British author H.G. Wells in 1897.
 It Just Comes Natural is the 24th studio album from country music singer George Strait. The album produced Strait's 41st Number One Billboard Hot Country Songs) hit in its lead-off single Give It Away. Also released from this album were the title track (also #1 on Hot Country Songs) Wrapped (#2) and How 'Bout Them Cowgirls (#3). The album itself has been certified platinum by the RIAA.
 Sir John Warburton Paul GCMG OBE MC (29 March 1916 – 31 March 2004) was a British government official best known as a prolific administrator for 20 years of various British overseas territories around the world. He is probably most notable for being the last British administrator of the Gambia and the Bahamas as they gained independence during his service in those countries.
 Kensey Johns Jr. (December 10 1791 – March 28 1857) was an American lawyer and politician from New Castle in New Castle County Delaware. He was a member of the Federalist and Whig Parties who served as U.S. Representative from Delaware.
 The Egher is a tributary of the river Batar in Romania.
 Mellettown United Methodist Church is a historic church at 274 Mallett Town Road in Mallet Town Arkansas.It was built in 1947 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 Not to be confused with Joseph J. Rothrock an American college football coach.Joseph Trimbel Rothrock (April 9 1839 – June 2 1922) was an American environmentalist recognized as the Father of Forestry in Pennsylvania. In 1895 Rothrock was appointed the first forestry commissioner to lead the newly formed Division of Forestry in the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture.
 The Sky Gardens is a 45-floor tower in the Dubai International Financial Centre in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 160 m (525 ft). Construction of the Sky Gardens was completed in 2008.
 Nij Beets (archaic Dutch: Nieuw Beets) is a village consisting of about 1690 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands.
 Hyménée is a 1947 French drama film directed by Émile Couzinet(fr). Starring Gaby Morlay Maurice Escande and Pierre Magnier the film was shot in Bordeaux at the Studios de la Côte d'Argent in Gironde.
 The Treatment is a 2001 novel by British crime-writer Mo Hayder. The novel is based around the theme of pedophilia. It features her protagonist DI Jack Caffery.
 Underneath the Laughter is a 1993 Leæther Strip album released by Zoth Ommog Records (CD ZOT 103).
 Sir Leonard Cecil Outerbridge CC CBE DSO CD (May 6 1888 – September 6 1986) was the second Lieutenant Governor of Newfoundland from 1949 to 1957. In 1967 he was made a Companion of the Order of Canada.
 For Those Who Have Heart is the second studio album by American metalcore/pop punk band A Day to Remember and their first for Victory. It was released on January 22 2007 by Victory. For the album the band had a line-up change swapping drummer Bobby Scruggs for Alex Shelnutt. It charted at number 17 on the Heatseekers Album Chart in the U.S. The music video for The Plot to Bomb the Panhandle was released a month later.
 Little Falls City Hall is a historic city hall located at Little Falls in Herkimer County New York. It was built between 1916 and 1918 and is a 2 1/2-story steel frame building faced in brick and terra cotta in the Classical Revival style. It has a slate covered mansard roof with decorative copper and dormers and sits on a concrete foundation. Atop the roof is a large lantern structure with a tiled dome roof and arched windows paneled with colored art glass.
 Neues Museum Nürnberg is a museum for modern and contemporary art and design in Nuremberg Germany. It was opened in April 2000.
 Walter Jayawardena was the 24th Solicitor General of Ceylon. He was appointed on 1967 succeeding Victor Tennekoon and held the office until 1968. He was succeeded by L. B. T. Premaratne.
 Erik of het klein insectenboek (English translation: Erik or the small book of insects) is a 2004 Dutch family film based on the homonymous book of Godfried Bomans and co-produced with among others the Danish company Zeitgeist. The film received a Golden Film for 100000 visitors.
 US Post Office-Freeport is a historic post office building located at Freeport in the town of Hempstead Nassau County New York United States. It was built in 1932 and designed by consulting architects Tachau and Vought for the Office of the Supervising Architect. It is a two story symmetrically massed brick building trimmed in limestone in the Colonial Revival style. It features a three bay wide entrance pavilion with a gable roof.
 The Vine–Oakwood–Green Bay Road Historic District is a residential historic district in Lake Forest Illinois. The district contains twenty houses on Oakwood Ave. Vine Ave. and Green Bay Road.
 The Andrew John Volstead House located at 163 Ninth Avenue Granite Falls in the U.S. state of Minnesota was the home of Andrew Volstead (1860-1947). He personified prohibition to the American people having authored the National Prohibition Act of 1919. The home is a wood-frame structure with a large two-story stairwell tower that was added on by Volstead shortly after he purchased the property.
 Greatest Hits of the 20th Century is the seventh album released by Béla Fleck and the Flecktones and their first greatest hits compilation album.
 Wallum Lake is a 322-acre (1.30 km2) lake that lies in Burrillville Providence County Rhode Island and Douglas Worcester County Massachusetts. It is adjacent to Douglas State Forest and Wallum Lake Park.There are two paved boat ramps: one at the north end off Wallum Lake Road Douglas Massachusetts the second at the southern extreme in Burrillville Rhode Island. A study reported ten species of fish based upon a 1994 summer sampling.
 Crisis in Utopia is the debut album of heavy metal band Holy Grail.
 Ampthill is a plantation located in Cartersville Virginia United States roughly 45 minutes west of Richmond and just over an hour south of Charlottesville. The property is listed on both the National Register of Historic Places as well as the List of Virginia Historic Properties.
 Jeff Tobolski is a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners representing the 16th district which includes all or parts of the suburbs Franklin Park Northlake Stone Park Melrose Park Maywood Hillside Westchester Brookfield North Riverside Berwyn Riveside Cicero Stickney Forest View Lyons La Grange Summit Countryside McCook Bedford Park and the Archer Heights neighborhood in the City of Chicago.
 Punkophilia is the third album of Polish punk rock band Bulbulators.
 Sunday Calm is a 1923 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 20th Our Gang short subject released.
 A Spell for Chameleon is the first book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.The book won the 1977 British Fantasy Society Award (British August Derleth Fantasy Award) for the best novel of the year.
 Prionurus chrysurus is a tropical fish found in coral reefs around Indonesia. It is commonly known as the Indonesian sawtail. It reaches a maximum length of 30 centimetres (12 in).
 Sama (English: Alone) is the sixteenth studio album by Serbian singer Dragana Mirković. It was released in 2000.
 Children is an EP by Seventh Avenue released through Megahard on 1995.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Bădeni river in Romania.
 Gołuchów [ɡɔˈwuxuf] is a village in Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Gołuchów. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Pleszew and 93 km (58 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 2000.
 Zawady B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 San Diego River (Cuba) is a river of southern Cuba.
 Whirligig is a novel by Paul Fleischman. It is about a teenager who accidentally kills another teen in a car crash. As punishment he has to put up whirligigs in the four corners of the United States.
 Utriculofera utricularia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.
 Eulepidotis perlata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Costa Rica Panama Peru French Guiana and Guyana.
 Sura pyrocera is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Malawi and Mozambique.
 Diesel's Delight is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Mount Ngauruhoe is an active stratovolcano or composite cone in New Zealand made from layers of lava and tephra. It is the youngest vent in the Tongariro volcanic complex on the Central Plateau of the North Island and first erupted about 2500 years ago.
 The Sunlandic Twins is the seventh album by indie pop band Of Montreal. The album continues further into the more electronic territory first explored on 2004's Satanic Panic in the Attic. It was recorded almost entirely by Kevin Barnes the band's singer and songwriter in Athens GA and Oslo Norway throughout 2004.
 Café Cantante is a 1951 Argentine film.Directed and written by Antonio Momplet. The movie was released on July 5th 1951.
 Uls (Russian: Улс) is a river in Perm Krai Russia left tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 89 km. Area of drainage basin is 2190 km². It starts near the border with Sverdlovsk Oblast. Its mouth is located near the village of Ust-Uls 233 km of Vishera's mouth. Main tributaries: Left: Olkhovka River Pelya River Bolshaya Zolotanka River;Right: Surya River Bolshaya Lyampa Kutim River Myka River .↑
 Weight of the World is a 2002 album by the Canadian hard rock band Harem Scarem. They released it as Rubber in Canada.
 General Muhammad Musa Khan Hazara H.Pk. HJ HQA MBE IDC psc (موسى خان) (1991−1908) was the Commander in Chief of Pakistan's Army. He succeeded Field Marshal Ayub Khan who assumed the Presidency of Pakistan.
 Clinical Risk is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers six times a year in the field of clinical practice. The journal's editor is Hilary Merrett (University of Brighton). It has been in publication since 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Balladeering is a 2009 studio album by Danish jazz guitarist Jakob Bro.The vinyl version of the album came with a DVD featuring the movie Weightless which documented the making of the album.
 Ost. Lost in Love is a studio album by Korean singer Younha released on December 9th 2010.
 The Rt Hon. Frederick Edwin Smith 1st Earl of Birkenhead GCSI PC KC (12 July 1872 – 30 September 1930) best known to history as F. E. Smith was a British Conservative statesman and lawyer who attained high office in the early 20th century most notably Lord Chancellor. He was a skilled orator noted for his staunch opposition to Irish nationalism his wit pugnacious views and hard living and drinking.
 Zakłodzie [zaˈkwɔd͡ʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radecznica within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Radecznica 30 km (19 mi) west of Zamość and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The Zakłodzie meteorite was found south (50°45′46″N 22°51′58″E) of Zakłodzie.
 Every One of Us is an album by Eric Burdon & The Animals. It was released in 1968 on MGM Records.
 Amannus pectoralis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by LeConte in 1858.
 Nathanallur (Tamil: நத்தாநல்லூர்) is a small village in Walajabad panchayat union Kanchipuram district Tamil Nadu India. Tamil Nadu state highway 48 is passing through Nathanallur village. Nathanallur is 5.9 kilometres (3.7 mi) distance from its Walajabad town 20.2 kilometres (12.6 mi) distance from its district main city Kanchipuram and 59 kilometres (37 mi) distance from its state main city Chennai.
 The Spotted Greenbul (Ixonotus guttatus) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.
 The Doddridge County Courthouse in West Union West Virginia was designed in the Victorian Romanesque style by J. Charles Fulton who designed courthouses in Barbour County and Randolph County. Built in 1899 by contractor John B. Conn the courthouse features stone carvings by James Grant. The courthouse replaced a previous courthouse that was destroyed by fire in 1898.
 Han hun og Hamlet is a 1932 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr.
 The Journal of Lipid Research is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1959. Since 2000 it has been published by the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology. It covers research on lipids in health and disease including lipid function and the biochemical and genetic regulation of lipid metabolism. The journal also covers patient-oriented and epidemiological research.The journal is published in print and online. Its editors-in-chief are Edward A.
 Hans Hermann Matthöfer (25 September 1925 – 15 November 2009) was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany.Between 1974 and 1978 Matthöfer served as secretary of research and technology. In 1978 he took over as secretary of finance and in 1982 he left that post and served briefly as secretary of telecommunication. After his party lost power in 1982 he gave up all positions in the German government.
 Etheostoma jordani the greenbreast darter is a species of darter endemic to the southeastern United States where it occurs in the systems of the Alabama River and the Black Warrior River. It is an inhabitant of streams and rocky riffles of creeks and smaller rivers. This species can reach a length of 7.9 centimetres (3.1 in) TL though most only reach about 5 centimetres (2.0 in).
 Suranimala Rajapaksha (Sinhala:සුරනිමල රාජපක්ෂ) is a Sri Lankan politician (born in 1949). Rajapaksha was first elected to the Parliament in 1994 and he was the Minister of School Education in Republic Socialist of Sri Lanka in 2001 to 2004. He is a member of the United National Party (UNP) and a member of UNP Working Committee.
 Lasiommata is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae.
 The Horse with the Flying Tail is a 1960 American documentary film by Walt Disney Pictures that won the Best Documentary award at the 33rd Academy Awards. The movie is about the palomino horse Nautical who won the team gold medal at the 1959 Pan American Games.The movie portrays this horse as having been a nondescript stock horse however he was sired by an American Quarter Horse named Muchacho de Oro out of an Army Remount mare of mostly Thoroughbred breeding.
 Viaje al centro de la Tierra (Spanish: Journey to the Center of the Earth) is a 1978 Spanish adventure film based on Journey to the Center of the Earth by Jules Verne. It has been released in English-speaking areas under the titles Where Time Began and The Fabulous Journey to the Center of the Earth.
 Tipota den ginete tihea (Greek: Τίποτα δεν γίνεται τυχαία; English: Nothing is random) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. All music and lyrics are by Giorgos Theofanous. It was released on December 19 2005 by Universal Music in Greece and it went gold selling over 20000 units.
 Yenki Kand-e Mirza Almasi (Persian: ينكي كندميرزاالماسي‎ also Romanized as Yenkī Kand-e Mīrzā Almāsī; also known as Bangī Kand-e Almāsī Yangikand Yangī Kand Almās Yangī Kand-e Almās Yangī Kand-e Mīrzā Yangī Kand Mīrzā Almās and Yengī Kand-e Almāsī) is a village in Golabar Rural District in the Central District of Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 47 families.
 American Bandstand is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz recorded in 1999 and released on the Canadian Songlines label. The album was later released under the title Forever after Dick Clark objected to the original title.
 Blanford's Fruit Bat (Sphaerias blanfordi) is a mountain species of megabat. The only recording of it was from the Doi Suthep-Pui National Park in Chiengmai Thailand. According to Lekagul and McNeely (1977) the species is confined to the Thai-Burmese border Uttar Pradesh in India and eastern Nepal.
 Hu Sheng (11 January 1918 – 5 November 2000) was a renowned Chinese Marxist theorist and historian. He was President of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences from 1985 to 1998 and also served as vice-chairman of the 7th and 8th National Committees of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) and member of the 12th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.
 Gorgopis pallidiflava is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Dog in the Sand Frank Black's third album with backing group the Catholics was released by the Cooking Vinyl record label in 2001 and was produced by Nick Vincent. The album was generally met with favorable reviews.
 Joseph: King of Dreams is a 2000 American animated biblical musical family film and the only direct-to-video release from DreamWorks Animation. The film is an adaptation of the story of Joseph from the Book of Genesis in the Bible and also serves as a prequel to the 1998 film The Prince of Egypt.
 Ballipadar is a village under Buguda block of Ganjam district located in Odisha India. It is also a Grama Panchayat consists of 3 villages which are Balipadar Sadasibapur Sasan and Sana Balipadar. It has about 15000 inhabitants. About 15 to 20 small villages depend upon Ballipadar on a daily basis. Ballipadar is in a transition phase between a village and a small city. It serves as a small-scale commercial center. Most people are occupied in the farming sector or run a small business.
 Geri Doveji (Persian: گري دوجي‎ also Romanized as Gerī Dovejī; also known as Gerī) is a village in Sheykh Musa Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2331 in 451 families.
 You Must Be Certain of the Devil is the fifth album by avant-garde performer Diamanda Galás and the third installment of her Masque of the Red Death Trilogy about the AIDS epidemic. The selections from this installment are rooted in American gospel music.
 Opharus flavimaculata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Brazil and Peru.
 Wewierz [ˈvɛvjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Iryna Farion (Ukrainian: Ірина Дмитрівна Фаріон Iryna Dmytrivna Farion) is Ukrainian philologist and nationalist politician strong supporter of the Ukrainian language and culture. She is a Candidate of Philological Sciences and a docent of the Department of Ukrainian Language at the Lviv Polytechnic (Institute of Humanitarian and Social Sciences). Farion is a member of a regional council since 2006 and a laureate of Borys Hrinchenko Prize.
 Paradrina is a subgenus of moths of the Caradrina genus of the Noctuidae family. Some authors consider it a valid genus in itself.
 Qarah Aghaj (Persian: قره اغاج‎ also Romanized as Qarah Āghāj) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District Safayyeh District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 347 in 61 families.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Paracles affinis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Lachnaia paradoxa is a species of leaf beetles in the subfamily Cryptocephalinae. It can be found in Algeria Morocco and south Spain.
 Połchowo [pɔu̯ˈxɔvɔ] (German: Polchow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kamień Pomorski and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Für ein einiges glückliches Vaterland is an East German film. It was released in 1950.
 The Ira Remsen House was the home of Johns Hopkins University president Ira Remsen from 1901 to 1925. The house is a typical Baltimore row house of no particular architectural distinction. It is primarily notable for its association with Remsen a noted chemist.The house is a three story brick row house built in the 1880s. Remsen lived there from 1901 when he became president of Johns Hopkins University until about 1925.
 The Australian Magpie (Cracticus tibicen) is a medium-sized black and white passerine bird native to Australia and southern New Guinea. A member of the Cracticidae it is closely related to the butcherbirds. At one stage the Australian Magpie was considered to be three separate species although zones of hybridisation between forms reinforced the idea of a single species with several subspecies nine of which are now recognised.
 St. Patrick's Church is a historic church building at 1588 South Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1881 from local Fall River granite and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. St. Patrick's Parish was established in 1873 as a division of St. Mary's Parish a predominantly Irish congregation. In 2002 the church was part of a three-parish merger between St. Patrick's Blessed Sacrament and Our Lady of the Angels.
 Risdal is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Yusefabad (Persian: يوسف اباد‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 105 families.
 John Garibaldi Sargent (October 13 1860 – March 5 1939) was an American lawyer and statesman. He served as United States Attorney General during the administration of President Calvin Coolidge.
 The Year of the Hangman is a young adult alternate history novel written by Gary Blackwood and published in 2002. It was a School Library Journal Best Book of the Year in 2002.
 Choiny [ˈxɔi̯nɨ]] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parysów within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Parysów 8 km (5 mi) north of Garwolin and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Steven James Robert Steve Whan /ˈstiːv ˈwən/ (born 11 February 1964) an Australian politician is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council appointed in June 2011 to fill a casual vacancy. Whan represented the electoral district of Monaro in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for the Australian Labor Party from 2003 until his defeat at the 2011 election.
 Sarny is the sequel to Nightjohn by Gary Paulsen. It was published on September 8 1997 by Dell Books.
 Mehmanlu (Persian: مهمانلو‎ also Romanized as Mehmānlū) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 55 families.
 New Zealand's Dane River is a tributary of the Awatere River. It flows north for seven kilometres reaching its confluence to the northeast of Molesworth Station.
 The Wavy-lined Zanclognatha (Zanclognatha jacchusalis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Wisconsin to Maine south to Georgia and Louisiana.The wingspan is 28–31 mm. Adults are on wing from April to September. Normally there is one generation per year. There are two generations in Missouri.Larvae probably feed on detritus. Larvae have been reared on dead oak leaves.
 Kannoor Deluxe is a Malayalam language thriller. It was released in 1969. It cast Prem Nazeer and Sheela in lead roles. Both play C.I.D officers in the film. The majority of the film was shot inside the KSRTC bus Kannur Deluxe. The film was well received.
 Sammy Davis Jr. Sings and Laurindo Almeida Plays is a 1966 studio album by Sammy Davis Jr. accompanied by guitarist Laurindo Almeida.
 Robot Chicken: Star Wars (also known as Robot Chicken: Star Wars Episode I) is a 2007 episode of the television comedy series Robot Chicken airing as a one-off special during Cartoon Network's Adult Swim block on June 17 2007. It was released on DVD on July 22 2008.
 St. Alban's Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church now located at 76 St. Alban's Place in the Eltingville neighborhood of Staten Island New York in the United States. It was built in 1865 as the Church of the Holy Comforter at what is now 3939 Richmond Avenue the present site of the South Shore YMCA in Eltingville and was designed by Richard Michell Upjohn the son of the noted Carpenter Gothic architect Richard Upjohn.
 Far West Missouri was a Latter Day Saint (Mormon) settlement in Caldwell County Missouri. Today it is a historic site.
 Tom and Jerry: Blast Off to Mars is a 2005 Tom and Jerry outer-space-themed direct-to-video film produced by Warner Bros. Animation. It was released on DVD and VHS on January 18 2005 and on Blu-ray on October 16 2012.
 About Us is a novel by the American writer Chester Aaron set in 1930s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It tells the story of the Kahns a Jewish family who run a small general store in the fictional village of Sundown a coal patch in Butler County Pennsylvania outside of Pittsburgh. The protagonist is Benny Kahn age eight when the novel begins and his coming-of-age is sketched against the backdrop of the events of Great Depression through World War II.
 The Confession is a 1999 drama film directed by David Hugh Jones starring Ben Kingsley and Alec Baldwin. It is based on the novel by Sol Yurick.
 Bomboloni is the second compilation album and fifteenth album overall by Gianna Nannini. It was released in 1996 on Polydor Records.
 Rashid Aali al-Gaylani (Arabic: رشيد عالي الكيلاني‎ also spelled Sayyad Rashid Aali al-Gillani Sayyad Rashid Ali al-Gailani or sometimes Sayyad Rashid Ali el Keilany) (1892 – August 28 1965) served as Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Iraq on three occasions. He is chiefly remembered as an Arab nationalist who attempted to remove the British influence from Iraq.
 Heromorphus howanus is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Heromorphus.
 Rzędy [ˈʐɛndɨ] (German: Grenzhöfen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 1028.
 Timothy Daniel Sullivan (29 May 1827 – 31 March 1914) was an Irish nationalist journalist politician and poet who wrote the Irish national hymn God Save Ireland in 1867. He was born at Bantry County Cork.
 The Jenkins-DuBois Farm and Mill Site is located along Jenkinstown Road in Gardiner Ulster County New York USA. It was started by settler Lambert Jenkins in 1793 with a stone house and mills on land part of the original Huguenot Patent owned by Louis DuBois of nearby New Paltz. The Jenkins-DuBois descendants still live on the land today.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Playbill is a monthly U.S. magazine for theatregoers. Although there is a subscription issue available for home delivery most copies of Playbill are printed for particular productions and distributed at the door. Each issue features Articles focusing on artists new plays and musicals or special attractions. This wraparound section is the same for all Playbills at all venues each month.
 Scott-King's Modern Europe published in 1947 is a long short story or novella by Evelyn Waugh sometimes called A Sojourn in Neutralia. It was first published in an abridged form in the Cornhill Magazine in 1947 then by Chapman & Hall also in 1947.
 Lafayette is a village in Allen County Ohio United States. The population was 445 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Lima Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 20000 Leagues Under the Sea is a 1997 television movie produced by Hallmark Entertainment based on the novel of the same name by Jules Verne and starring Ben Cross as Captain Nemo. It premiered on March 23 1997.
 Agente S 03: Operazione Atlantide or Operation Atlantis is a 1965 Italian spy film adventure directed by Domenico Paolella. The film is about an American agent George Steele (John Ericson) who discovers that the Red Chinese have built a secret atomic city from which they will attempt to invade the United States.
 Oseh Shalom is the only synagogue in Laurel Maryland and one of 5 Reconstructionist synagogues in the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area. Members of the community hail from many nearby areas including Howard County Montgomery County Prince George's County and Anne Arundel County. Oseh Shalom was founded in 1966 and affiliated with the Reconstructionist movement in 1979.Oseh Shalom is known for its distinctive synagogue building with its blue wings and glowing dome.
 Charles Boutin (born June 7 1942) was a member of the Maryland House of Delegates representing District 34A.
 The Sporting Life was an American weekly newspaper published from 1883 to 1917 and from 1922 to 1924 that provided national coverage on sports with a particular focus on baseball and trap shooting. The masthead on the front page of newspaper displayed the motto (shown in image at right): Devoted To Base Ball Trap Shooting and General Sports. It was founded in Philadelphia in 1883 by Francis Richter Thomas Sotesbury Dando and August Rudolph.
 Dehdati (Persian: دهداتي‎ also Romanized as Dehdātī Deh Dātī and Deh-e Datī; also known as Raḩmatābād Dāydātī and Deydātī) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 39 families.
 The Bioko forest shrew (Sylvisorex isabellae) also known as Isabella's shrew is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Redeemer: The Best of Nicole C. Mullen is a greatest hits album from Christian African-American artist Nicole C. Mullen. It features some of her best songs from the albums Nicole C. Mullen Talk About It and Everyday People. It was originally intended to have 20 tracks but instead had 15 with 2 bonus live tracks. It was felt 20 songs would be too many on her greatest hits album.
 Marshall Clement Mark Sanford Jr. (born May 28 1960) is an American politician and member of the Republican Party. He currently serves as the U.S. Representative for South Carolina's 1st congressional district after winning a special election on May 7 2013.
 Loxophlebia crocata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1854. It is found in French Guiana and Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Leszczyny [lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Dunajec within Tatra County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Zakopane and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 290.
 Alligator is the third studio album by American indie rock band The National released on April 12 2005 on Beggars Banquet. Recorded and produced by Peter Katis and Paul Mahajan the album brought The National critical acclaim and increased their fanbase significantly. Alligator appeared on many year-end top 10 lists including Uncut and Planet Sound both of which ranked it as the number two album of 2005. Pitchfork Media ranked Alligator at number 40 in their top albums of the 2000s list.
 The Dolia Frumoasă River is a tributary of the Rudăreasa River in Romania
 The Curse of the Wendigo is a 2010 young adult horror novel by Rick Yancey. It was first published on October 12 2010 through Simon & Schuster and is the second book in Yancey's Monstrumologist series.
 Gardiner's Burrowing Skink (Pamelaescincus gardineri) is the only species (monotypic) of the skink genus Pamelaescincus.It is usually placed in the subfamily Scincinae which seems to be paraphyletic. Probably quite close to Janetaescincus it belongs to a major clade that does not seem to include the type genus Scincus. Thus it will probably be eventually assigned to a new yet-to-be-named subfamily.Pamelaescincus gardineri is found only in the Seychelles.
 Pauline Therese Toner (16 March 1935 – 3 March 1989) was the first female cabinet minister in the Parliament of Victoria. A member of the Australian Labor Party she was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly in 1977 and was Minister for Community Welfare Services from 1982 to 1985. She resigned from Parliament in 1989 and died on 3 March 1989.
 Orophia languidula is a species of moths in the family Oecophoridae. It was described by Meyrick in 1921 and is known from Mozambique.
 Cooper Mountain is a mountain in Washington County Oregon United States. Its summit has an elevation of 774 feet (236 m). The mountain and surrounding area are named for Ohio immigrant Perry Cooper who settled on the mountain.
 Goodall House also known as George D. Collins House is a Macon Georgia house built in 1859. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Stolp Woolen Mill Store was built in 1860. It is located on Stolp Island in Aurora Illinois. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is also a contributing building in the Stolp Island Historic District.
 A Dying Light in Corduba is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 Felt Vol 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet is the second album from American alternative hip hop duo Felt which consists of Murs and Slug. It is produced by Ant.This time the dedication is to former The Cosby Show and A Different World star Lisa Bonet.
 The Final Key is a science fiction novel in the Saga of the Skolian Empire a series of books by American writer Catherine Asaro. As the direct sequel to Schism it tells the story of a major Eubian assault against the Skolian government and Eldrinson's rise from a rustic farmer to a member of the powerful imperial Triad.
 Summer Palace (simplified Chinese: 颐和园; traditional Chinese: 頤和園; pinyin: Yíhé Yuán) is a 2006 Chinese film and the fourth feature film by director Lou Ye. The film was a Chinese-French collaboration produced by Dream Factory Laurel Films Fantasy Pictures and Sylvain Bursztejn's Rosem Films. It was made in association with France's Ministère de la Culture et de la Communication Ministère des Affaires Étrangères and Centre National de la Cinématographie (CNC).
 Once Again with FEELING! is a twenty song compilation by recording artist Jim Bianco. Released August 25 2009 this compilation features eleven popular tracks from three of Bianco's studio albums and nine previously unreleased tracks from Bianco's collection of demos alternate versions and B-sides. This album was released exclusively through NoiseTrade.com.
 Lobogenesis banosia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province).
 Lake Elwell (aka Tiber Reservoir) is a lake in north central Montana. The reservoir was created by the damming of the Marias River at the Tiber Dam. Lake Elwell was named for Judge Charles B. Ewell (1888–1974) former director of the Montana Reclamation Association.[1]
 Galeries de Granby is a regional shopping mall in Granby Quebec Canada. It opened in 1974 and was enlarged in 1980 and 2001. It has 96 stores and its floor area is 497652 sq ft (46233.4 m2).
 Hasselbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Black Vibrations is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1972 and released on the Prestige label.
 Tirupati (urban) is a Mandal in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Rosolino Paternò soldato... (also known as Operation Snafu and Situation Normal: A.F.U) is a 1970 Italian comedy film. The film stars Martin Landau Jason Robards and Peter Falk. In the title role is Nino Manfredi.
 Mercy Willard Hospital is a hospital in Willard Ohio and is part of Mercy Health Partners.
 Mount Murchison is a mountain in the Southern Alps in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It is the highest point of the Shaler Range which runs approximately north-south to the east of the Wilberforce River.A col to the east of the peak separates two glaciers the Kahutea Glacier to the south and the White Glacier to the Northeast.
 Brichos – A Floresta é Nossa (English: Branimals - The Forest is Ours) is a 2012 Brazilian animated film directed by Paulo Munhoz. It is a sequel of the 2007 film Brichos.
 Rhinog Fawr is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales and forms part of the Rhinogydd range. It is the third highest summit of the Rhinogydd losing out to Y Llethr and Diffwys respectively. Its smaller cousin Rhinog Fach lies to the south separated by the pass of Bwlch Drws Ardudwy while its other neighbour Moel Ysgyfarnogod lies to the north. In common with most of the range the terrain is characterised by hard sedimentary rock covered with heather making progress on foot difficult.
 Shalimar the Clown is a 2005 novel by Salman Rushdie the author of The Satanic Verses and Midnight's Children. Shalimar the Clown was initially published on September 6 2005 by Jonathan Cape and has attracted significant attention comparable to his earlier publications particularly The Moor's Last Sigh and Midnight's Children.
 The Flying Inn is a novel first published in 1914 by G. K. Chesterton. It is set in a future England where the Temperance movement has allowed a bizarre form of Progressive Islam to dominate the political and social life of the country. Because of this alcohol sales to the poor are effectively prohibited while the rich can get alcoholic drinks under a medical certificate.
 César Bengzon (May 29 1896 – September 3 1992) was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from April 28 1961 until May 29 1966. In November 1966 a few months after his retirement he became the first Filipino to be appointed to the International Court of Justice.
 Mahlbergbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Eulithidium adamsi is a species of minute colorful sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae the pheasant shells.
 Katarovank Monastery (Armenian: Կատարովանք ) is an ancient Armenian monastery in the Hadrut Region of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It was founded in the 4th century. The present structure was completed in the 17th century.
 Pharmacis bertrandi is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from France and Italy.
 Ichthyaetus is a genus of gulls. They were included in the genus Larus until recently.
 A Coney Island of the Mind is a collection of poetry by Lawrence Ferlinghetti originally published in 1958. It contains some of Ferlinghetti's most famous poems such as I Am Waiting and Junkman's Obbligato which were created for jazz accompaniment. There are approximately a million copies in print of A Coney Island and the book has been translated into over a dozen languages. It remains one of the best-selling and most popular books of poetry ever published.
 'Yes Man' is a comedy/memoir novel written by Danny Wallace based upon a year of the author's life in which he chose to say Yes to any offers that came his way. It was also loosely adapted into the 2008 film Yes Man starring Jim Carrey.
 Smile for the Camera is a short 2005 independent film. It was directed produced and edited by Jordan Galland who co-wrote the story and screenplay with Sean Lennon. Galland and Lennon also wrote the theme song which was performed by Galland's Domino band mate Domino Kirke and her sister Jemima Kirke. Although the film's cast with the exception of Erika Thormahlen had no previous acting experience Milla Jovovich and Sean Lennon make cameo appearances as Boxheads.
 The Nun (French: La Religieuse also known as French: Suzanne Simonin la Religieuse de Denis Diderot) is a 1966 French drama film directed by Jacques Rivette and based on the novel of the same title by Denis Diderot.
 Grizzly Park is an American horror film released February 8 2008. Focusing on a group of troublesome young adults led by a park ranger the movie's predator is Brody the Bear a Kodiak bear who makes his first film appearance.
 The West Seattle Herald is now part of a weekly newspaper called The Westside Weekly serving the areas of Ballard West Seattle White Center Burien Des Moines and SeaTac. It is also a website serving the West Seattle neighborhood of Seattle Washington. The newspaper was founded in 1923. On August 21 2013 it was announced that the paper along with the Ballard News-Tribune White Center News and Highline Times would be combined into The Westside Weekly as of September 6.[1]
 Marwan Charbel (born 1947) is a retired Lebanese brigadier general and the former minister of interior and municipalities between 2011 and 2013.
 Matadana is a 1965 novel written by the famous Kannada writer philosopher thinker S L Bhyrappa. An award winning Kannada movie Matadana based on this novel which was directed by T N Seetharam secured 'Best Regional Film' award at 47th Indian National Film Awards. Matadana reveals the caste based politics and other dynamics that grip the democratic institution of ballot box in India.
 The Continuation is the third full-length album by the Japanese band Deathgaze. It was released on September 9 2009.
 Greatest Lovesongs Vol. 666 is the debut studio album by Finnish band HIM released November 20 1997. It was produced by Hiili Hiilesmaa and recorded at Finnvox MD and Peacemakers in Helsinki Finland. Guest vocals were provided by Sanna-June Hyde and Asta Hannula on (Don't Fear) The Reaper and For You respectively. The album has been certified platinum in Finland.
 David Milwyn Duggan (May 5 1879 – May 4 1942) was a politician in Alberta Canada a mayor of Edmonton a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta and a leader of the Conservative Party of Alberta.
 Chaetolopha decipiens is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is known from New South Wales.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults have brown wings with broad light and dark zigzag bands across each forewing. The hindwings are a uniform pale brown.The larvae are thought to feed on Polypodiophyta species.
 The White-fronted Amazon (Amazona albifrons) also known as the White-fronted Parrot or adopted slang term Spectacled Amazon Parrot is a Central American species of parrot. Not to be confused with the Red-spectacled Amazon. They also can imitate a range from 30 to 40 different sounds. Like other large parrots the White-fronted Parrot has a long potential life span usually around 40 years.
 Quichuana is a genus of hoverflies.
 Rimula exquisita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 The Cuila River is a tributary of the Ruda River in Romania.
 Johora singaporensis the Singapore stream crab or Singapore freshwater crab is a critically endangered species of freshwater crab endemic to Singapore. It grows to a size of 30 millimetres (1.2 in) wide.
 Foulbridge Preceptory was a priory in North Yorkshire England.
 Daddy's Girls is the 2006 debut novel by Tasmina Perry. The Independent described the novel as a Shirley Conranesque retro romp. The novel follows four glamorous daughters whose father is murdered.
 A Lady of Chance is a 1928 silent film directed by Robert Z. Leonard. The film is based upon the story Little Angel by Leroy Scott and is Norma Shearer's last silent film. Although the film was released with added dialogue scenes Shearer can't be heard.
 Typhlomangelia pyrrha is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Kasirabad (Persian: كثيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kas̄īrābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Recess: Taking the Fifth Grade is a Disney direct-to-video animated film released on December 9 2003. The film is based on the Disney television series Recess. It was released simultaneously with another direct-to-video Recess film Recess: All Growed Down. It is considered the series finale to the show.
 Austan Dean Goolsbee (born August 18 1969) is an American economist and the Robert P. Gwinn Professor of Economics at The University of Chicago's Booth School of Business. Goolsbee formerly served as the Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers and was the youngest member of the cabinet of President Barack Obama.Goolsbee served on the three-member Council from the start of the Obama Administration. He advised President Obama during his 2004 U.S.
 The Gropu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Frank Farry (b. December 31 1972) was elected to represent the 142nd Legislative District in November 2008. He has been appointed to serve on the House Consumer Affairs Intergovernmental Affairs Labor Relations Urban Affairs and Veterans Affairs and Emergency Preparedness Committees.
 The Last Days a horror novel by Scott Westerfeld is a companion book to Peeps. It takes place in New York during the end of civilization hinted upon in Peeps.
 Rubbers 7 is a seinen romance manga authored by Sukune Inugami that ran in Sunday Gx for 5 years and finished in 2007 with 7 volumes.
 José Enrique Serrano (born October 24 1943) is an American politician who has been a member of the United States House of Representatives since 1990. Serrano a Democrat from New York represents a district that is one of the smallest in the country geographically consisting of a few miles of the heavily urbanized and populated South Bronx in New York City. His district is also one of the most densely populated and one of the few majority Hispanic districts in the country.
 Arab Sorang (Persian: عرب سرنگ‎ also Romanized as ‘Arab Sorang) is a village in Aqabad Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1059 in 215 families.
 Fatty's Plucky Pup is a 1915 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle. A print of the film survives.
 The Demons of Ludlow is a low budget 1983 horror film directed and produced by Bill Rebane. The plot revolves around murderous pilgrim demons that lurk inside an antique piano.The film was made in Wisconsin and released theatrically by Titan International.
 McJAWN is a Philadelphia based online art and culture magazine. In June 2008 the company was founded by Yis Goodwin and Wen Vo. McJAWN started off as a small online magazine that highlighted the current Philadelphia art scene. As of 2009 the company was receiving over 3000 hits per day. McJAWN is currently in partnership with Philadelphia Inquirer's Phrequency.com Two One Five Magazine and Urban Outfitters.McJAWN is Wordpress-powered but can at times have a Flash-based reading interface.
 Erbessa seducta is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Venezuela.The length of the forewings is 15-16 mm.
 Kirkwood is a well-formed lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon on the northern hemisphere. It lies just to the northeast of the crater Sommerfeld and Hippocrates is located to the east-northeast.The perimeter of this crater is generally circular with a few slight outward notches particularly to the southeast.
 Golden Mile Complex (Chinese: 黄金坊; pinyin: Huángjīn fāng) is a high-rise commercial and residential building on Beach Road in Kallang Singapore. The building was formerly known as Woh Hup Complex. The complex has 411 shops and 500 parking places.
 Coyote Ugly is a 2000 romantic comedy/drama based on the actual Coyote Ugly Saloon set in New York City. The film stars Piper Perabo and Adam Garcia. It was directed by David McNally produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and Chad Oman and written by Gina Wendkos.
 The Tradition Masters is an album by American folk singer Odetta released in 2002.The title refers to the label for whom Odetta recorded her first two solo releases. The songs she recorded during that time period have received multiple releases in various configurations.
 The World According To Gob is the third studio album by Gob and was released on January 23 2001. It includes the singles I Hear You Calling For The Moment and No Regrets. The album was certified Gold in Canada on May 02 2002.
 A Remark Hugh Made is a studio album by Hugh Hopper and Kramer released in 1994 through Shimmy Disc.
 Hyposmocoma nividorsella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai.
 Cayuga is a village in Cayuga County New York United States. The population was 549 at the 2010 census. The village derives its name from the local Cayuga tribe and the lake named after them.The Village of Cayuga is in the western part of the Town of Aurelius.
 Kay L. McIff is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives representing District 70 since January 1 2007.
 Grochów [ˈɡrɔxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Nowe Ostrowy 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Kutno and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Villa General Belgrano a small mountain village of 6260 inhabitants is named after the creator of the Argentine flag Manuel Belgrano and located in a lush green valley of Calamuchita in the hills in the Province of Córdoba in central Argentina.
 Perisama is a brush-footed butterfly genus found in the Neotropical Ecozone ranging from Colombia and Venezula to Argentina.
 Pyrinia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Kokkallur is a village in Balussery Panchyat in Kozhikode district. People of this area earns their lives by farming. A higher secondary school village office Gramin Bank and telephone cxchange are the main government establishments. When India was under British powerKachery of British Police was situated near by area. This Kachery was burnt by freedom fighters in freedom struggle movement. This place is now known as Kachery kunnu.
 Thankot is a large village lies in the west of Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone in central Nepal. It lies in the bed of 'Chandragiri hill'. According to the 1980 Nepal census it has a population of 12047 and has 2820 households. This a main entrance in the capital from rest part of the country.Some of the important places in thankot are 'Tribhuwan park' 'Narayan temple' 'Mahalaxmi Temple''Chadragiri hill'.
 Urumbilum River a perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands and Northern Rivers districts of New South Wales Australia.
 Ardakan (Persian: اردكان‎ also Romanized as Ārdakān) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 66 families.
 Hypsopygia rudis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Moore in 1888. It is found in Taiwan and India.
 Aquarius is the debut Studio album by the Progressive Metal band Haken. It is a concept album about a couple who has a mermaid daughter. The tracks are generally longer the shortest track being just under 7 minutes and the longest being nearly 17. The Album artwork was created by Dennis Sibeijn who has also worked with 3 Job for a Cowboy and See You Next Tuesday among others.
 Finndalshorungen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Epimaco A. Velasco (December 12 1935 – January 27 2014) popularly known as Epi was a Filipino politician. DILG Secretary; Governor; NBI Director first NBI Director who rose from the ranks; worked as a bailiff at the Manila City Hall while studying up law; rose to prominence at the NBI with the killing of Number 1 Most Wanted Man in Cavite Leonardo Manecio aka Nardong Putik.
 Sto metrów miłości (One Hundred Metres of Love) is a 1932 Polish film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 Douglas Rudy Doug Magnus (born November 1950) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 22 which includes all of Cottonwood Jackson Murray Nobles Pipestone and Rock counties in the southwestern part of the state. A Republican he is also a farmer.Magnus previously served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 2003–2011 representing District 22A which essentially includes the western half of the senate district.
 Ruine Offenburg is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Kagerō-za (陽炎座 Heat-Haze Theatre) is a 1981 independent Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki and based on a novel by Kyōka Izumi. It forms the middle section of Suzuki's Taishō Roman Trilogy preceded by Zigeunerweisen (1980) and followed by Yumeji (1991) surrealistic psychological dramas and ghost stories linked by style themes and the Taishō period (1912–1926) setting. All were produced by Genjirō Arato.
 Vanguard Cave is a natural sea cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar which is part of the Gorham's Cave complex. This complex of four caves has been nominated for UNESCO World Heritage Site status. The cave complex is one of the last known habitations of the Neanderthals with a period of inhabitation from 55000 to 28000 years ago. It is located on the southeast face of the Rock of Gibraltar.
 The Black Cicadabird (Coracina melas) also known as the New Guinea Cuckooshrike is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
 Icon magazine was a bi-monthly magazine set up in 2003 by ex-professional footballers Tim Sherwood and Jamie Redknapp as well as Redknapp's wife Louise. The magazine was the first venture of Redknapp Publications and its readership was exclusive as it was not sold in shops and it was aimed at a celebrity readership.
 Versed is a book of poetry written by Rae Armantrout and published by Wesleyan University Press in 2009 (see 2009 in poetry). It won the National Book Critics Circle Award for Poetry and the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry.
 Weapons of Mass Distraction is a 1997 film starring Gabriel Byrne Ben Kingsley Mimi Rogers Jeffrey Tambor and other stars in an ensemble cast about two media moguls and their fight over ownership of a professional football team. It was written by Larry Gelbart and directed by Stephen Surjik.This film was nominated for four Primetime Emmy awards.
 John and Mary is a 1969 American romantic drama film directed by Peter Yates. It stars Dustin Hoffman and Mia Farrow in the title roles directly on the heels of Rosemary's Baby and Midnight Cowboy respectively (as well as Bullitt for Yates). The screenplay was adapted by John Mortimer from the Mervyn Jones novel. It was released theatrically in North America on December 14 1969. It received an R rating upon its original release which was later downgraded to a PG rating.
 The Miracle Man is a 1919 American silent drama film starring Lon Chaney and based on a 1914 play by George M. Cohan which in turn is based on the novel of the same title by Frank L. Packard. The film was released by Paramount Pictures directed produced and written by George Loane Tucker and also stars Thomas Meighan and Betty Compson.
 Jumeirah Bay is a complex containing three skyscrapers in Jumeirah Lake Towers Dubai United Arab Emirates. The towers are located alongside one of the four lakes in the large Jumeirah Lake Towers project. All three buildings were designed by the National Engineering Bureau and were developed by Nakheel Properties. Jumeriah Bay is scheduled to be completed in 2009.The three towers in the complex are Jumeirah Bay 1 Jumeirah Bay 2 and Jumeirah Bay 3.
 Bulge Lake is a 12 acre lake in Cook County Minnesota which is tributary to the Poplar River. Bulge Lake reaches a maximum depth of 19 feet in a sudden depression just west of the mouth of the stream leading to Dogtrot Lake. Bulge lake is accessible through portages to Silver Lake and Dogtrot Lake. A fisheries survey turned up populations of walleye northern pike yellow perch and white suckers.
 Arrows in the Dark: David Ben-Gurion the Yishuv Leadership and Rescue Attempts during the Holocaust is a book by Israeli historian Tuvia Friling dealing with the attitude toward the Holocaust of the leadership of the Yishuv the Jewish community in Palestine that existed before the establishment of the State of Israel in May 1948. The book examines the leadership's attempts to rescue European Jews who were under threat and the controversy that surrounds those efforts.
 Jesus Hopped The 'A' Train is a theatrical production created by Stephen Adly Guirgis.
 Invitation au voyage is a 1982 French drama film directed by Peter Del Monte. It was entered into the 1982 Cannes Film Festival where it won the prize for the Best Artistic Contribution.
 Briarwood Mall is a shopping mall in Ann Arbor Michigan United States. The mall's four anchor stores are Macy's JCPenney Sears and Von Maur. Surrounded by office and other development the mall anchors the southern Ann Arbor commercial area around Eisenhower Boulevard and I-94. It serves as the primary shopping mall for all of Washtenaw County. Simon Property Group currently manages and co-owns the mall.
 Vexillum giselae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Sinners EP is the 2nd music release by artist Lauren Aquilina it is the follow up to her 2012 release Fools EP. The EP like the previous years effort 'Fools' was entirely self-released with Aquilina saving money from her Saturday job whilst at school to pay for the music video and gifts to give away to fans during the release. The EP beat Aquilina's previous effort Fools by peaking at number 5 in the main UK iTunes album chart.
 Church of San Pedro de Plecín (Spanish: Iglesia de San Pedro de Plecín) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 The Varieș River is a tributary of the Gepiu River in Romania.
 The Lutheran Cathedral of Saint Mary (German: Evangelische Stadtpfarrkirche in Hermannstadt Romanian: Biserica Evanghelică din Sibiu) is the most famous Gothic-style church in Sibiu Transylvania Romania. Its massive 73.34 m high steeple is a landmark of the city. The four turrets situated on top of the steeple were a sign to let foreigners know that the town had the right to sentence to death.
 Tripteridia dympna is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Red is the seventh studio album by progressive rock group King Crimson released in 1974. It was their last studio recording of the 1970s and the last before the lead member Robert Fripp temporarily disbanded the group.
 Vaneshan (Persian: وانشان‎ also Romanized as Vāneshān and Vānshān; also known as Barmshān and Vanishan) is a village in Nivan Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 624 in 233 families.
 The San Diego Museum of Man is a museum of anthropology located in Balboa Park San Diego California and housed in the historic landmark buildings of the California Quadrangle.
 Odds & Ends is a collection of unfinished tracks and demo recordings by British pop singer Dido. The collection was put together by her management team Nettwerk and released promotionally in late 1995 in order to gain interest from record companies so that Dido could be signed to a major record label. All of the material was recorded between 1994 and 1995.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 8 in 4 families.
 The Classification of Pharmaco-Therapeutic Referrals (CPR) is a taxonomy focused to define and group together situations requiring a referral from pharmacists to physicians (and vice versa) regarding the pharmacotherapy used by the patients. It has been published in 2008.
 James Lee Anderson (born July 24 1948 in Sheridan Wyoming) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Wyoming Senate representing District 28 since January 7 2013.
 The Wind in the Willows is a classic of children's literature by Kenneth Grahame first published in 1908. Alternately slow moving and fast paced it focuses on four anthropomorphised animal characters in a pastoral version of England. The novel is notable for its mixture of mysticism adventure morality and camaraderie and celebrated for its evocation of the nature of the Thames valley.In 1908 Grahame retired from his position as secretary of the Bank of England.
 Regidor de la Rosa (November 12 1916 – November 10 1986) better known as Rogelio de la Rosa was one of the most popular Filipino matinee idols of the 20th century. He is also remembered for his statesmanship in particular his accomplishments as a diplomat.
 Clavus acuminata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae. This is a species that needs further investigation (species inquerenda).
 Hylomantis danieli is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 All Shook Down is the seventh studio album by the band The Replacements released on September 25 1990.This album was originally intended to be front man Paul Westerberg's solo artist debut. As a result of its initial intent All Shook Down is marked by numerous session side and journeyman-musicians supplemented by the three other 'Mats themselves.
 For the United States President see William McKinley.William McKinley was a U.S. Representative from Virginia.
 Masterpieces: 1991–2002 is a greatest hits album released in September 2005 by Mustard Plug. It combines old songs with new recordings without the use of a Digital Audio Workstation. During the band's split up they recorded this with some of their past members.
 The Orb's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld is the 1991 ambient house-concept debut album by the electronic music collective The Orb. The album's framework is of a two-hour psychedelic trip through music genres and studio electronics produced to push the threshold of live stage performance. The double album is a continuous progressive composition consisting of several tracks advancing the journey concept and composed of vocal samples and sound effects interspersed with original music.
 Mary Lou Dickerson is a Democratic member of the Washington House of Representatives representing the 36th district since 1995.
 Pterygia crenulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Cavallieri is a thoroughbred racehorse only known for winning the 1991 New Zealand Derby when he defeated subsequent champion racehorse Veandercross. He also ran third in the 1992 AJC Australian Derby behind Naturalism and Veandercross.Cavallieri was a one-paced stayer and never tasted the same glory again retiring with just three wins to his name after poor showings in several major staying races.
 Psychomech is a horror novel written by Brian Lumley and published by Panther Books in 1984. This book is approximately 334 pages in length and focuses on the events in the life of Richard Garrison a corporal in the British Royal Military Police after meeting Thomas Schroeder a rich German industrialist. The novel focuses heavily on the idea of extra-sensory perception (ESP).
 Wake is an album by Canadian singer/songwriter Tara MacLean released April 22 2008 (see 2008 in music).
 To Whom This May Come is an early novel by American author Edward Bellamy. The book was first published in 1888.
 Aretha Arrives is the thirteenth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin Released on August 4 1967 by Atlantic Records. It's only single release was Baby I Love You a million-selling Gold 45 which hit #1 R&B and #4 on the Billboard Hot 100. This is her second album for Atlantic. The sessions for the album were delayed because Aretha shattered her elbow in an accident during a southern tour. She decided she was ready to record before her doctor thought she was ready.
 The Gartered Trogon (Trogon caligatus) also known as the Northern Violaceous Trogon is a near passerine bird in the trogon family Trogonidae. It is found in forests in east-central Mexico south through Central America to north-western South America (west or north of the Andes in Colombia Ecuador and Venezuela). It was formerly treated as a subspecies of the otherwise exclusively South American Violaceous Trogon (T. violaceus).
 About this sound Hrádek (Polish: Gródek  German: Grudek) is a village in Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic on the Olza River. It has a population of 1756 (2001 census) 42.8% of whom are Poles the highest percentage of all municipalities in the country.
 Carrying the Fire: An Astronaut's Journeys is an autobiographical book written by the Gemini 10 and Apollo 11 astronaut Michael Collins. It was released in 1974 and has a foreword written by Charles A. Lindbergh.
 Qebleh Ei Bala (Persian: قبله اي بالا‎ also Romanized as Qebleh Eī Bālā Qebleh’ī-ye Bālā and Qeblehī-ye Bālā) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hanwal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gangawati taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Villa Savoye (French pronunciation: ​[saˈvwa]) is a modernist villa in Poissy in the outskirts of Paris France.
 Greed is a 1924 American silent film written and directed by Erich von Stroheim and based on the 1899 Frank Norris novel McTeague. It stars Gibson Gowland as Dr. John McTeague ZaSu Pitts as his wife Trina Sieppe and Jean Hersholt as McTeague's friend and eventual enemy Marcus Schouler. The film tells the story of McTeague a San Francisco dentist who marries his best friend Schouler's girlfriend Trina. Shortly after their engagement Trina wins a lottery prize of $5000.
 Another Pic du Midi is the Pic du Midi de Bigorre.The Pic du Midi d'Ossau (2884 m) is a mountain rising above the Ossau Valley in the French Pyrenees. Despite possessing neither a glacier nor in the context of the range a particularly high summit its distinctive shape makes it a symbol of the French side of the Pyrenees.
 Noise Floor (Rarities: 1998–2005) is a compilation of previously recorded but unreleased or hard-to-find songs by Bright Eyes.The compilation was released on CD and vinyl on October 24 2006 on Saddle Creek Records. The vinyl version of the album includes five extra tracks not found on the CD. Unlike the cover pictured sometimes the artwork consists of a case completely decorated in flowers there is no text on the case and the cover pictured is sometimes included over the other cover.
 The Itajaí-Mirim River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Sons of the Sea is a 1939 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Leslie Banks Kay Walsh Mackenzie Ward and Cecil Parker.
 Mark Doms is the Under Secretary of Commerce for Economic Affairs for the Department of Commerce. He was nominated by President Barack Obama on September 13 2012 and was confirmed by the Senate on January 1 2013 as one of the last acts of the 112th Congress. Prior to his confirmation he was the United States Department of Commerce's Chief Economist. As the Under Secretary Dr.
 Trauma is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the field of emergency medicine. Its editors-in-chief are Ian Greaves (James Cook University Hospital) and Keith M Porter (Selly Oak Hospital). It was established in 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with TraumaCare.
 The Yellow-green Finch (Pselliophorus luteoviridis) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.It is endemic to Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gokewell Priory was a Cistercian priory in Broughton Lincolnshire England. (53°34′52.098″N 0°34′51.245″W). It was founded by William de Alta Ripa and received other benefactions from Roger of St. Martin Adam Paynel and William de Romara.In 1440 there were eight nuns and was probably never much larger. Bishop Alnwick found the house very poor but in good order. It was dissolved before Michaelmas 1536.
 The Castle of Dona Chica (Portuguese: Castelo da Dona Chica) is a Neo-romantic castle and/or residence located in the civil parish of Palmeira municipality of Braga in the northern region of Portugal. Originally designed by Ernest Korrodi the project suffered from a lack of funds early eventually changing hands and falling into the possession of creditors.
 Argyrarcha margarita is a moth of the Crambidae family. It can be found in Madagascar.
 The church of Santa Maria in Araceli is a late-Baroque style church built in the late 17th century in Vicenza according to designs attributed to Guarino Guarini.Documents first take note of a church at the site dating from 1241. They refer to a church of Santa Maria in the area that stood near a convent. This convent which in 1277 belonged to the Clarisse Nuns was called Santa Maria ad Cellam (referring to the nun's rooms).
 City of the Beasts (La ciudad de las bestias in Spanish) is the first young adult novel by Chilean-American writer Isabel Allende whose first cousin once removed is Salvador Allende a former president of Chile. Published in 2002 the story is set in the Amazon rainforest. The novel was translated by Margaret Sayers Peden from Spanish to English. Walden Media is said to be producing a movie.
 Torkan (Persian: تركان‎ also Romanized as Torkān; also known as Arāvjūn Barakān Herābarjān Torkān-e-Harābarjān Torkān-e Herābarjān Torkūn Towrkān and Turkān) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 969 in 274 families.
 Coleophora gobincola is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 Darbid (Persian: دربيد‎ also Romanized as Darbīd and Dar Bīd) is a village in Allahabad Rural District Zarach District Yazd County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 46 families.
 Dudley Joseph LeBlanc Sr. known as Coozan Dud LeBlanc (August 16 1894 – October 22 1971) was a colorful Democratic and Cajun member of the Louisiana State Senate whose entrepreneurial talents netted him a fortune through the alcohol-laden patent medicine known as Hadacol. He is also considered the father of the old age pension in Louisiana.
 Bhutan House is an estate located in Kalimpong West Bengal India owned by the Dorji family of Bhutan. The site is the traditional administrative Dzong for southern Bhutan and also functioned as the administrative center for the whole of western Bhutan during the modern kingdom's early years of consolidation.
 Agallidwipa pauliana is a species of leafhopper from Madagascar.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Zagórów 18 km (11 mi) south of Słupca and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Preto River (Piabanha River) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Herbert and Katherine Jacobs Second House is a home designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in 1944 in Madison Wisconsin. It was called the Solar Hemicycle. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2003.The house was designed for journalist Herbert Jacobs.
 Mary Zarrilli Connaughton (born Mary Gina Zarrilli August 3 1960 in Boston Massachusetts) is a former board member of the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority. Connaughton was a candidate for Massachusetts Auditor in 2010.
 Report on Probability A is a science fiction novel by Brian Aldiss. The novel was completed in 1962 but was rejected by publishers in the UK France and USA and was eventually published in 1967 in New Worlds which described it as 'perhaps his most brilliant work to date'.
 Twice-Told Tales is a short story collection in two volumes by Nathaniel Hawthorne. The first was published in the spring of 1837 and the second in 1842. The stories had all been previously published in magazines and annuals hence the name.
 The Polanco Lift is a passenger elevator located in Valparaíso Chile. It consists of three stations and connects Simpson Street with Polanco Hill. This lift is the only true lift in the city as all others are technically funiculars. Today it is more visited by tourists than by the local residents.
 The Kintner-McGrain House also known as Cedar Glade is on the National Register of Historic Places located north of downtown Corydon Indiana. It attained the Cedar Glade name due to the giant red cedars Jacob Kinter the builder planted in front of the house. It has been owned by three different families: Kintners (1808) McGrains(1849) and Bennetts (1998).
 Whitestown Town Hall also known as Liberty Hall is a historic town hall building located at Whitesboro in Oneida County New York. It was built in 1807 and is a two story brick structure situated on the village green. It features four two story pilasters which are terminated at the top by a simple wood cornice.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Wednesday's Luck is a 1936 British crime film directed by George Pearson and starring Wilson Coleman Susan Bligh Patrick Barr and Moore Marriott. A detective goes undercover to infiltrate a gang of criminals.
 Syed Wazir Hasan (later Sir Wazir Hasan) (1874 – August 1947) was Indian jurist and Secretary and later President of the All-India Muslim League. A practitioner in the Judicial Commissioner's Court he was the first Indian Chief Justice of the Awadh Chief Court (1930–1934).
 Oxycanus dirempta is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New South Wales and Victoria.The wingspan is about 60 mm.
 The Ypané River (Spanish Río Ypané) is a river of Paraguay. It is a tributary of the Paraguay River.
 Yevsey Yakovlevich Gindes (Azerbaijani: Yevsey Yakovleviç Gindes Russian: Евсей Яковлевич Гиндес; 1872–1954) was an Azerbaijani statesman and pediatrician of Jewish origin who served as the Minister of Healthcare of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic and was member of Azerbaijani National Council and later Parliament of Azerbaijan. Gindes is considered the founder of modern pediatrics science in Azerbaijan.
 Miscera omichleutis is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1907. It is found in Australia.
 Laetilia bellivorella is a species of snout moth in the genus Laetilia. It was described by Neunzig in 1997. It is found in Florida.
 Three into One is the first compilation album from the band Ultravox released in 1979 in the USA[citation needed] and in June 1980 in the UK.
 Lazir (Persian: لزير‎ also Romanized as Lazīr; also known as Larīr) is a village in Mian Band Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 26 families.
 Turbonilla stelleri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Robert Bob Heaton is a Republican member of the Indiana House of Representatives representing the 46th District since 2010.While at Indiana State University Heaton was a prominent member of the college's varsity basketball team that famously reached the final of the 1979 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. Heaton averaged 9 points during the NCAA Tournament including a buzzer-beating game-winner vs.
 The Burmese Bushblue Arhopala birmana is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 The Scarlet-fronted Parakeet (Psittacara wagleri) is a long-tailed South American species of parrot which is sometimes called the Scarlet-fronted Conure or Wagler's Conure.It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and especially high-altitude shrubland and forest; it is also known to visit heavily degraded former forest.
 Poshteh-ye Samavat (Persian: پشته سماوات‎ also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Samāvāt; also known as Cheshmeh Samāvāt Mashhadī Qāsem-e Samāvāt and Posht Samāvāt) is a village in Cheleh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 22 families.
 Mark J. Sokolich (born 1963) is an American attorney and politician. He currently serves as the mayor of Fort Lee New Jersey. He is also the managing partner of the law firm that he founded. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
 Five Lessons Learned is the fourth full-length album by Californian punk rock band Swingin' Utters. Released in 1998 it was their second album on Fat Wreck Chords.
 Ca-bau-kan also known as The Courtesan is a 2002 Indonesian romantic drama film directed by Nia Dinata and starring Niniek L. Karim Ferry Salim and Lola Amaria. It was distributed by Kalyana Shira Film and released on February 7 2002 in Jakarta. The film was screened at the 2003 Palm Springs International Film Festival.
 Richard Brent (1757 – December 30 1814) was an American planter lawyer and politician from Stafford County Virginia. He represented Virginia in both the U.S. House and the U.S. Senate.Brent was born in 1757 the eldest son of William Brent (1732-1782) and Eleanor Carroll at his father's estate 'Richland' on the Potomac River in Stafford County Virginia. He pursued an education in law and was admitted to the bar and subsequently entered practice.
 Thymopides is a genus of deep-water lobsters comprising the two species Thymopides grobovi and Thymopides laurentae.
 Joanna Kluzik-Rostkowska is a Polish politician and member of the Sejm for Civic Platform. She was elected for Law and Justice in 2007 but led a breakaway group in 2010 to form the more liberal Poland Comes First of which she was leader. She resigned from the party in June 2011 joining Civic Platform following rumors. In November 2013 following a cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister Donald Tusk Kluzik-Rostkowska was appointed to head the Ministry of National Education.
 Science Fiction in Old San Francisco: Volume One History of the Movement From 1854 to 1890 is a history of science fiction writers in San Francisco in the period following the American Civil War by Sam Moskowitz. It was first published by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in 1980 in an edition of 1500 copies. This book with its companion volume Into the Sun & Other Stories won a Pilgrim Award for the author in 1981.
 Anthology was released in 1993 and remains the biggest single Ben E. King album to date. This two-disc collection spans 50 songs covering his entire career to this point.16 LPs on the album are not necessarily hits but are nonetheless included to provide insight on King's history.
 House Mountain is a mountain located in Corryton Tennessee United States about 8 miles (13 km) northeast of Knoxville. Rising to an elevation of 2064 feet (629 m) above sea level House Mountain is the highest point in Knox County.The House Mountain State Natural Area— designated in 1987— consists of 525 acres (2.12 km2) mostly on the south side of the mountain.
 Mi Vida Loca is a compilation album released by Jenni Rivera in 2007.
 Boston Flour Mill is a historic gristmill in Shedd Oregon.It was built in 1863 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It is part of the Thompson's Mills State Heritage Site.The mill has been the site of field schools of both the historic preservation program and the archaeology program of the University of Oregon in 2003 and 2005 respectively.
 Resurrección is the last album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro. The Album was produced by Abraham Quintanilla III. All songs written by Abraham Quintanilla III and Luigi Giraldo.
 Gheorghe Costa-Foru (October 26 1820 – November 28 1876) was a lawyer university professor and Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
 Aval Mella Sirithal is a 1987 Tamil Indian feature film directed by M.N.Jaya Sundar for Sree Kavitha Cine Arts. The film stars Murali Seetha and Madhuri in the lead roles.
 Christ Church Sandown is a parish church in the Church of England located in Sandown Isle of Wight.
 On My Way to Church is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Jim Jones. It was released on August 24 2004 under Diplomat and Koch Records. The album debuted at #18 on the Billboard 200 with 44000 copies sold in the first week released.
 Rising '44: The Battle for Warsaw is a history book about the Warsaw Uprising written by the English historian Norman Davies. One controversy about this book is that Davies consciously anglicised most of proper names (including placenames and pseudonyms used by Polish conspirators) in the book in order to bring its reality closer to the English reader and help them concentrate on the story rather than difficult Polish names. The book is written in a vivid and emotional style.
 Huberia striata is an ant of the family Formicidae endemic to New Zealand.
 The Lichte River is a right tributary of the Schwarza in Thuringia Germany and is 17 kilometres (11 mi) long.
 Akkalenahalli Mallena – Halli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Devanahalli taluk of Bangalore Rural district in Karnataka.
 Matihani Nepal is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6888 people living in 1292 individual households.
 Viva Cuca is the fifth disc Cuca and first recorded completely live after an absence of 10 years this record features the best songs of La Cuca. Cuca gave surprise recorded live at La Concha acoustic park Agua Azul Park of Guadalajara Jalisco May 14 15 2004.
 Cuts for Luck and Scars for Freedom is the debut album by Mystic released on June 19 2001 through Good Vibe Recordings.Featuring a combination of R&B hip hop and Soul Cuts for Luck was met with positive reviews and helped Mystic receive a BET award nomination for Best Female Hip-Hop Artist. The album did not perform well commercially however and to date she has yet to release a follow-up album.
 Texas in July is the third studio album from Texas in July. The album was produced by Will Putney recorded at Machine Shop Studios in Belleville New Jersey and released on October 9 2012 with Bed of Nails the first single from the album released on September 11 2012.
 Hemmatabad (Persian: همت اباد‎ also Romanized as Hemmatābād and Himmatābād) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District Bala Velayat District Bakharz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1616 in 368 families.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twelfth Annual Collection (ISBN 978-0-312-13222-4) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 1995. It is the 12th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series and won the Locus Award for best anthology.
 Muzaffarpur Janubi (Urdu: مُظفّرپُورجنُوبى‎) is a village of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The village serves as a Union Council (an administrative subdivision) of Mianwali Tehsil.Muzaffarpur is an important UC of Mianwali and is located 22km from Mianwali. Its population is 25000. Malik Azeem Kundi is the nazim of Muzafarpur. The village has a high school for boys and an elementary school for girls.
 The Alva Consolidated Schools (also known as the Alva Elementary and Middle School) is a historic school in Alva Florida. It is located at 21291 North River Road. On June 10 1999 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.This property is part of the Lee County Multiple Property Submission a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register.
 Devita is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Vũ Văn Ninh (born 23 February 1955 in Nam Định Province) is one of four Deputy Prime Ministers of Vietnam.
 The Upper Millecoquins River is a 7.6-mile-long (12.2 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It begins at the outlet of Millecoquins Pond in northern Mackinac County and flows generally south to Millecoquins Lake. The outlet of Millecoquins Lake is the Lower Millecoquins River which flows to Lake Michigan.
 Kim is a picaresque novel by Nobel Prize-winning English author Rudyard Kipling. It was first published serially in McClure's Magazine from December 1900 to October 1901 as well as in Cassell's Magazine from January to November 1901 and first published in book form by Macmillan & Co. Ltd in October 1901. The story unfolds against the backdrop of The Great Game the political conflict between Russia and Britain in Central Asia.
 Jake Wheatley Jr. is a Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. He represents the 19th district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives which includes a number of areas in the city of Pittsburgh including: the Hill District North Side South Side Allentown Hazelwood Downtown Pittsburgh The Bluff Knoxville Beltzhoover Manchester Arlington Arlington Heights and North South and West Oakland.
 Range Warfare is a 1934 American film directed by S. Roy Luby.
 All the Brothers Were Valiant is a 1919 novel by Ben Ames Williams. It was Williams' first novel. It has been adapted to film three times all by MGM: All the Brothers Were Valiant (1923) Across to Singapore (1928) and All the Brothers Were Valiant (1953).
 MP da Last Don is a 1998 direct-to-video film written directed produced and starring Master P on No Limit Films. Also appearing in the film were Silkk the Shocker Mia X C-Murder and Snoop Dogg. The movie was a huge success as well as the studio album. It was one of No Limit Films biggest release.
 The Ottawa French Seventh-day Adventist Church is a francophone Seventh-day Adventist church in Ottawa Canada. It is located at 375 King Edward Avenue just north of Rideau Street.
 The All Saints Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic church in Enterprise Florida United States. It is located at 155 Clark Street. On May 3 1974 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Archaeologist is a quarterly magazine produced by the Institute for Archaeologists for its members. Non-members can purchase the magazine directly from the institute. It is currently edited by Alison Taylor. As well as a news round-up the magazine contains a number of articles on a theme or topic such as 'The archaeology of Roman Britain' (spring of 2003) or 'Archaeological Field Survey' (spring of 2007).
 Phalonidia lochites is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Argnidae is a family of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks.
 Lone Star Dinosaurs is a book written by Louis L. Jacobs and published in 1995. It concerns the history of dinosaurs in Texas and the people who found their remains. Most of the dinosaurs in the book are from the Cretaceous age and a few of the dinosaurs include Pleurocoelus Alamosaurus Tenontosaurus Tyrannosaurus rex and the pterosaur Quetzalcoatlus. The stories within the book were compiled directly from the people who found the fossils.
 Coleophora polichomriensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
 008: Operation Exterminate (Italian: A 008 operazione Sterminio) is a 1965 Italian Eurospy action film directed and written by Umberto Lenzi and filmed in Egypt.
 And the Land Lay Still is the fourth novel by Scottish novelist and poet James Robertson. Upon publication in 2010 it was widely praised for its breadth of exploration of Scottish society in the latter half of the 20th century.
 Laluk (Persian: للوك‎ also Romanized as Lalūk) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 22 families.
 The Melius-Bentley House is a historic home located in the towns of Ancram Columbia County and Pine Plains Dutchess County New York. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 11 1982 and preserves several rare architectural features. The house is situated on a 24.8-acre (10.0 ha) parcel of wooded land on Mount Ross Road (County Route 50). The lot is divided by the Dutchess–Columbia County border.
 Prooedema is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Spook Busters is a 1946 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys. It is the fourth film in the series.
 The Door into Summer (夏への扉 Natsu e no Tobira) is a 1975 Japanese manga by Keiko Takemiya. It is an early example of a shōnen-ai manga. It was originally serialized in Hana to Yume published by Hakusensha and it was re-released in 2000 by Kodansha. An animated film version of this manga was released on March 20 1981 in Japan.
 Maximum Violence is Six Feet Under's 3rd studio album. The album goes back to Chris Barnes' roots in Cannibal Corpse with violent themes/lyrics. It was also the first Six Feet Under album to feature Steve Swanson on guitars.
 Shanthi Sagara (Kannada: ಶಾಂತಿ ಸಾಗರ) also called Sulekere (Kannada: ಸೂಳೆಕೆರೆ) Asia’s second largest irrigation tank. It is located in Channagiri taluk of Davanagere in Karnataka India.
 The Roald Dahl Omnibus is a 1986 short story collection by Roald Dahl. The collection contains 28 stories selected from Switch Bitch Kiss Kiss and Someone Like You - a collection of Dahl stories published in various magazines and collections from the 1940s onward.
 Hard Boiled Sweets is a 2012 British crime drama film written and directed by David LG Hughes. It tells the story of a group of squabbling Essex gangsters. The cast includes two actors (Paul Freeman and Ian Hart) that had appeared in Hughes' earlier short film A Girl and a Gun from which this his first feature was developed.
 Every Best Singles +3 is the first best of album of the Japanese pop group Every Little Thing released on March 31 1999. It is the first album of songs from the best selling singles from the band with 2556314 copies sold.
 Pir Marzban (Persian: پيرمرزبان‎ also Romanized as Pīr Marzbān; also known as Pīrmazabān and Pīr Mehzābān) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District Bizineh Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 776 in 174 families.
 Slow Water is a 2003 novel by New Zealand author Annamarie Jagose.
 The Col. Joshua Huntington House is located in Norwich Connecticut. The house was built in 1771 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 23 1972.
 The Mercado Adolpho Lisboa also called Mercado Municipal is a marketplace located in Manaus Brazil. It lies on the shore of the Rio Negro. The market was constructed in the Art Nouveau style between 1880 and 1883. The building was based on the Les Halles marketplace of Paris France.
 The Anorak is a play about the École Polytechnique massacre and the life and death of Marc Lépine written by Adam Kelly. The play is a 90 minute dramatic monologue told from the killer's point of view. In the performances audience members are separated between men and women with the actor speaking to the men exclusively for the first 80 minutes. Only during the detailed description of the massacre are the women in the audience addressed.
 Śrem Transmitter (RTCN Śrem) Is a 290 metre tall guyed steel mast built in 1964 for the broadcasting of signal radio and television signals. It was built as a weighed 220 tonne mast by Mostostal Zabrze. The official opening was on 21 July 1964. The mast is situated in the village Góra in Śrem County Poland. Due to its advantageous location height and signal strength its signal covers a considerably large part of the Greater Poland Voivodeship.
 William Collins Whitney (July 5 1841 – February 2 1904) was an American political leader and financier and founder of the prominent Whitney family. He served as Secretary of the Navy in the first Cleveland administration from 1885 through 1889. A conservative reformer he was considered a Bourbon Democrat.
 William Wickham (11 November 1761 – 22 October 1840) was a British civil servant and politician who was a founder of British foreign secret service activities during the French Revolution and was later a Privy Counsellor and Chief Secretary for Ireland.
 Marjorie Decker is an American politician serving as the State Representative for the 25th Middlesex district in the Massachusetts General Court. Decker has served on the Cambridge City Council since 1999. Decker was the youngest woman ever to be elected to the Cambridge City Council.
 Swansbury is a historic home and complex located at Aberdeen Harford County Maryland United States. The buildings are clustered together near the center of the 86.78-acre (351200 m2) forested property. The complex consists of a five-bay two-story multi-part frame residence and several period frame dependencies. The oldest part of the house dates to about 1760 with major Federal style additions made in the late 18th or every early 19th century.
 Bradner's Pharmacy is located in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1926 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 1 1988.
 The Destroy the Map EP is a three song EP by the Alaskan metal band 36 Crazyfists released under Roadrunner Records in 2005.Destroy the Map was released in 2005 in conjunction with their April tour in the UK and Europe. The CD was briefly available for order before this time by following a link on their MySpace page or roadrunnerrecords.co.uk which brought you to a mini-site. The CD was sold exclusively this way and was never sold in stores.
 The Sleeping Voice (La voz dormida) is a 2011 Spanish drama film based on the novel of the same name by Dulce Chacón.
 Ornette: Made in America is a 1984 American documentary film directed and edited by Shirley Clarke that studies acclaimed saxophonist and free jazz innovator Ornette Coleman. The film does not chronicle the life of Coleman but rather emulates his freeform style by mixing together excerpts from performances interviews experimental music videos and reenactments of Coleman's childhood. Included are interviews with and original footage of William S.
 Frank J. Marmion Jr. is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Mountains of the Moon is a 1990 theatrical film depicting the 1857–58 journey of Richard Francis Burton and John Hanning Speke in their expedition to central Africa – the project that culminated in Speke's discovery of the source of the Nile River. The expedition led to a bitter rivalry between the two men. The film stars Patrick Bergin as Burton and Iain Glen as Speke.
 The Lanyang River (Chinese: 蘭陽溪; pinyin: Lányáng Xī) is a river in northeast Taiwan. It flows through Yilan County for 73 kilometers.
 Elachista strenua is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Lula G. Scott Community Center is a historic Rosenwald school building located at Shady Side Maryland in Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It consists of two frame one-story two-room plan schools originally built as the Shady Side (1926) and Churchton (1921) Rosenwald Schools. The Churchton school was moved to this site in 1953 and a wing added in 1958.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Westend is a temple-fronted house near Trevilians Virginia. Built in 1849 the house's design refers to the Classical Revival style representing an extension of the Jeffersonian ideal of classical architecture. The house was built for Mrs. Susan Dabney Morris Watson on a property that she had inherited from her late husband. The building project was supervised by Colonel James Magruder.
 Big Match (Hangul: 빅매치; RR: Bigmaechi) is an upcoming South Korean action thriller film about a game programmer who designs a special game for Korea's wealthiest citizens and a martial artist who is forced to fight in the game in order to save his brother. It stars Lee Jung-jae Shin Ha-kyun and BoA.
 Darreh Saki (Persian: دره ساكي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Sākī) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 10 families.
 Kutah Mehr (Persian: كوته مهر‎ also Romanized as Kūtah Mehr) is a village in Benajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bonab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 81 families.
 Soleil (also known merely as Jean-Pierre Ferland) is an album by Jean-Pierre Ferland released in 1971.
 Ranworth Broad is an expanse of water lying in the valley of the River Bure in Norfolk England. Like other broads it is believed to have been formed by the flooding of mediaeval peat workings.
 Psilogramma rupprechtorum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Kalimantan in Indonesia.
 Spion Kop (Afrikaans: Spioenkop) is a mountain in the province of KwaZulu-Natal South Africa. It is located near the town of Ladysmith 27 km to the WSW and about 2.5 km to the north of the Spioenkop Dam a reservoir for the waters of the Tugela River.
 Play is a one-act play by Samuel Beckett. It was written between 1962 and 1963 and first produced in German as Spiel on 14 June 1963 at the Ulmer Theatre in Ulm-Donau Germany directed by Deryk Mendel with Nancy Illig (W1) Sigfrid Pfeiffer (W2) and Gerhard Winter (M). The first performance in English was on 7 April 1964 at the Old Vic in London.
 Świder [ˈɕfidɛr] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wola Mysłowska 31 km (19 mi) west of Łuków and 85 km (53 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Latiromitra aratiuncula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ptychatractidae.
 The Oecophorinae are the nominate subfamily of moths in the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae). They are part of the insufficiently studied superfamily Gelechioidea and like their relatives the circumscription of this taxon is disputed.In the approach followed here the Oecophoridae are expanded to include several lineages formerly placed in the Elachistidae or considered independent gelechioid families.
 The Land of Rape and Honey is the third studio album by industrial metal band Ministry released in 1988 on Sire Records. This album is the band's first attempt at industrial metal as opposed to their previous albums which were more electronically influenced.The album title comes from the slogan of Tisdale Saskatchewan whose motto is The Land of Rape and Honey the local economy being based on the agricultural products rapeseed and honey.
 Magyk is a fantasy novel by Angie Sage. It is the first book in the seven-book Septimus Heap series. The sequel Flyte was released in March 2006 Physik in March 2007 Queste in 2008 Syren in September 2009 Darke in July 2011 and Fyre in 2013. The book cover of Magyk alludes to the diary that the ExtraOrdinary Wizard Marcia makes for her apprentice Septimus Heap. The cover also depicts Septimus's Dragon Ring rendered as if it were sitting atop the diary.
 Julius Patrick Jr. (May 16 1938 - November 26 2006) was the African-American Democratic mayor of Boyce in northern Rapides Parish who died in a head-on collision in a chain-reaction accident on Interstate 10 in Ascension Parish near Gramercy in south Louisiana. Patrick was first elected mayor of Boyce a community of 1200 in 1978.
 Acatenango (1982–2005) was a German Thoroughbred racehorse. Sired by the Deutsches Derby winner and German Champion sire Surumu he was out of the English mare Aggravate. Acatenango's ancestry includes German Champion sire Dark Ronald the French Champion sire Tantieme English Triple Crown champion Gainsborough and the most influential Italian sire Nearco.Racing in 1984 at age two Acatenango's best finish was a third in the Ratibor-Rennen at Krefeld.
 Tom Weatherston (born February 15 1950) is an American industrial engineer and politician.Born in Buffalo New York Weatherston served in the United States Air Force as a civil engineer and was stationed in Vietnam. He went to Erie Community College where he received an associate degree. He then graduated from University at Buffalo The State University of New York where he received his degree in industrial engineering.
 David Birnbaum is a Canadian politician in Quebec who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2014 election. He represents the electoral district of D'Arcy-McGee as a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.Prior to his election to the legislature Birnbaum served as director-general of the Quebec English School Board Association of Alliance Quebec and of the Quebec chapter of the Canadian Jewish Congress.
 Artist is a 2013 Indian Malayalam drama film written and directed by Shyamaprasad. An adaptation of Dreams In Prussian Blue a paperback novel by Paritosh Uttam the film is about two fine arts students both driven by individual ambitions who decide to live together. The film traces the course of their relationship and their progression as artists. It features Fahadh Faasil playing Michael and Ann Augustine as his lover Gayathri.
 The Fortescue grunter (Leiopotherapon aheneus) is a species of fish in the Terapontidae family. It is endemic to Australia. It can be found in rivers of coastal northwestern Australia such as the Ashburton and Fortescue Rivers. It is a resident of Karijini National Park.This fish has some commercial value as an aquarium pet.
 Richard Pryor: Live & Smokin' is the first stand-up act of Richard Pryor to be filmed out of the four that were released in total. This film was filmed in 1971 but not released until 1985 on VHS. This was the first stand-up act that Pryor did before he hit the mainstream audience. With only 48 minutes of footage it is the shortest of Pryor's stand-up routines.
 Earl Wallace Urquhart (22 February 1921 – 17 August 1971) was a Canadian lawyer and Senator.Born in West Bay Nova Scotia he was elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly for Richmond in an 1949 by-election held after Lauchlin Daniel Currie was named to the bench. He served as a member of the assembly from 1949 to 1963. From 1960 to 1962 he was the House Leader.
 Swing is a 2010 short film on anti-smoking directed by Abhinav Kamal. The film stars Amrita neve in the female lead. DOP of the film has been carried out by Rajesh K.The short film has received various award which includes The Best Short Film Award in the festival Hollywood Boulevard conducted in connection with Liba Chrysalis LIBA Chennai. The film was judged by the famous Tamil film actor director Cheran. The film has been produced by Ten Motion Arts.
 The Mount Irish Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada. The range is bounded by the Coal Valley to the north the Pahranagat Valley to the east the Tikaboo Valley to the southwest and the Wild Horse Valley to the northwest.
 The Blue Ridge Rangers is the first solo album by John Fogerty the former lead singer and lead guitarist of Creedence Clearwater Revival. Upon its initial release by Fantasy Records in 1973 the album was credited to The Blue Ridge Rangers with no mention of Fogerty on the cover. Fogerty chose to do this in order to distance himself from his Creedence legacy. The LP was later reissued and credited to John Fogerty with a different cover design.
 Stella is a 1990 American drama film produced by The Samuel Goldwyn Company and released by Touchstone Pictures. The screenplay by Robert Getchell is the third feature film adaptation of the 1920 novel Stella Dallas by Olive Higgins Prouty.The title character is a vulgar and unfashionable single mother living in Watertown NY who determined to give her daughter Jenny all the opportunities she never had ultimately makes a selfless sacrifice to ensure her happiness.
 Veterinary Immunology and Immunopathology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering allergy and immunology in the domain of veterinary medicine.
 Iridana rougeoti Rougeot’s Sapphire Gem is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana western Nigeria Gabon the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Pseudogarantiana is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil cephalopods the ammonites. It lived during the Jurassic Period which lasted from approximately 200 to 145 million years ago.
 The Cem River (Albanian: Cem or in its definite form Cemi; Montenegrin: Cijevna Цијевна) is a river that flows through Albania and Montenegro.It originates in Kelmend Municipality Malësi e Madhe District Albania. It flows generally southwest through Triesh and Gruda for some 64.7 kilometres (40.2 mi) before merging with Morača River just south of Podgorica in Montenegro.
 Thalatta is a genus of moths of the Erebidae family. The species of this genus are from in India South-east Asia and in Sundaland.
 The Comeback Kid is a 1980 television film.
 El gran teatro (Spanish The Great (or Grand) Theatre) is a 1980 novel by Argentine writer Manuel Mujica Laínez part of his Buenos Aires series.The whole action of the novel takes place during a performance of Wagner's Parsifal at Buenos Aires' famous opera house the Teatro Colón.The Colón is emblematically and par excellence The Great Theatre a giant and impossibly splendiferous jewellery box built in an improbable bygone age for a glitteringly self-assured class of leaders (or alternatively disgusting show-offs) to show itself off.
 East Windsor Hill Historic District is a historic district located in the northwestern corner of the town of South Windsor Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The district runs along both sides of Main Street from the Scantic River south to the Edwards Cemetery. The district also includes areas west of Main Street to the Connecticut River including properties along Ferry Lane.
 Marchocice [marxɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Secemin 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Włoszczowa and 54 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 The National Museum of Myanmar (Burmese: အမျိုးသား ပြတိုက်) located in Dagon Yangon is the main museum of Burmese art history and culture in Myanmar. Founded in 1952 the five-story museum has an extensive collection of ancient artifacts ornaments works of art inscriptions and historic memorabilia related to history culture and civilization of Burmese people.
 Prof. Abas Ermenji (December 12 1913 - March 13 2003) was an Albanian politician and historian.
 The Neamțu River is a tributary of the Nemțișor River in Romania.
 Ee (Dutch pronunciation: [eː]) (West Frisian: Ie) is a village in the Dongeradeel municipality of Friesland the Netherlands. It is located east from the town of Dokkum on the N 358 road. Ee has approximately 780 inhabitants (2004).There are various types of buildings in Ee including a church built in 1220. The only flax working museum of the Netherlands is also located in Ee. Ee has mostly remained an intact rural village.Ee has the shortest place name in all of the Netherlands.
 subUrbia is a 1997 American comedy-drama film written by Eric Bogosian based on his play of the same name and directed by Richard Linklater. It follows the relationships between a few young adults as they spend their time standing on the corner outside a local convenience store.Bogosian based the story on his own experiences growing up in Woburn Massachusetts a suburb of Boston.
 Rain Hail or Shine an album by The Battlefield Band was released in 1998 on the Temple Records label. The total running time is 45:38.
 Sir David Stuart Beattie GCMG GCVO QSO KStJ QC (29 February 1924 – 4 February 2001) was the 14th Governor-General of New Zealand from 1980 to 1985.
 Stachlew [ˈstaxlɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-east of Łowicz and 46 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 1020.
 Långholmen Prison officially Långholmen Central Prison (Swedish: Långholmens centralfängelse) was historically one of the biggest prison facilities in Sweden with more than 500 cells located on the island of Långholmen in Stockholm. It was built 1874-1880 as the central prison of Sweden and was in use until 1975. Today the building is being used as a hotel/hostel and museum as well as to accommodate a folk high school. Part of the prison was demolished in 1982.
 Himal Khabarpatrika (Nepali: हिमाल खबरपत्रिका) is a Nepali-language fortnightly news magazine published by Himalmedia Private Limited. It has developed a choice following of both the rural and urban intelligentsia maintaining credibility and an inclusive editorial voice. This magazine give highly provocative news. Most of the time the news carry great controvorsies.
 The Difference Engine is the second album from stoner rock band Beaver. Released on Elegy Records in 1997 it is now out of print.
 Korytno [kɔˈrɨtnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłowice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) east of Radomsko and 80 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 400.
 The Capivari River (Mato Grosso do Sul) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Bungalow 13 is a 1948 American film. Detective Christopher Adams chases a precious antique jade lion through the Mexican cafes auto courts and the seamy side of Los Angeles. It was the final film of actor Richard Cromwell.
 Give Us Rest; or A Requiem Mass in C (the Happiest of All Keys) is the sixth and final studio album and their eleventh overall album release from the David Crowder Band. This album was released on January 10 2012 through sixstepsrecords. The album charted at the following during the week of January 28 2012: No. 1 on the Billboard Christian Albums chart No. 2 on both the Billboard 200 and Digital Albums charts. The first single to come from the album is Let Me Feel You Shine.
 Dykeland is a historic home located near Chula Amelia County Virginia. It is a two-story wood-frame house reflecting two architectural styles and three periods of construction. It consists of a two-story vernacular section built about 1838 and attached 1 1/2-story rear wing dating to the early-19th century. A two-story Italianate section dates to 1856-1857 and features a hipped roof. A one-story Italianate-style porch unifies the two sections.
 Emilianów [ɛmiˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mont Rogneux is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Liddes in the canton of Valais. It is a mountain located north of the Petit Combin and Grand Combin. Facing the Verbier ski resort and neighbouring the Bruson lifts it presents a steep north face which has yet not been descended by ski.
 The Charlton-King-Vandam Historic District is a small historic district located in the South Village area of the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City.
 The Separation is the 32nd book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is narrated by the two 'halves' of Rachel. This is the only numerical book written by her and not a ghostwriter between #26 and #53.
 Drovers Inn and Round Family Residence consists of an historic home and an historic inn located at Vestal in Broome County New York. The Drovers Inn was built about 1844 and the Rounds Family Residence was built 1895-1912. The inn is a 2 1⁄2-story wood-frame Greek Revival structure with an overlay of elaborate Victorian-era decoration added about 1880.
 Barry D. Knight (born September 26 1954 in Princess Anne County Virginia) is an American politician. A Republican he was elected a member of the Virginia House of Delegates in a special election on January 6 2009. He currently represents the 81st district made up of parts of the cities of Virginia Beach and Chesapeake.
 Flying High is the debut album of The Irresistible Force released in 1992 through Instinct Records.
 Wild West Days (1937) is a Universal film serial based on a western novel by W. R. Burnett. It was the 103rd of the studio's 137 serials (and the 35th with sound).
 Stanowo [staˈnɔvɔ] (German: Groß Stanau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Dzierzgoń 19 km (12 mi) east of Sztum and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 210.
 Lumirioxa is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Home Economics Building on the campus of Vanderbilt University is an historic structure in Nashville Tennessee.
 Mount Macdonald is a mountain peak located in the Selkirk mountains of British Columbia Canada immediately to the east of Rogers Pass in Glacier National Park. It is notable as the location of the Canadian Pacific Railway's Connaught and Mount Macdonald Tunnels. At 14.7 km the Mount Macdonald tunnel is the longest railway tunnel in the western hemisphere. The original name of the peak was Mount Carroll but was renamed to honour the first Prime Minister of Canada Sir John A. Macdonald.
 Stocks Reservoir is a reservoir situated at the head of the Hodder valley in the Forest of Bowland Lancashire England (historically in the West Riding of Yorkshire until 1974). The reservoir has a fly fishing club which is very popular in the summer months and a small cafe which is popular with walkers. The Board House is a building used for meetings by United Utilities and is located on the western shores of the reservoir near the Hodder Water Treatment Works.
 The Red-throated Ant Tanager (Habia fuscicauda) is a medium-sized passerine bird. This species is a resident breeder on the Caribbean slopes from southeastern Mexico to eastern Panama. It was usually considered an aberrant kind of tanager and placed in the Thraupidae but is actually closer to the cardinals (Cardinalidae).
 Borkhausenia luridicomella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1856. It is found from Scandinavia south to Italy and Romania and from the Benelux Germany and Switzerland east to Russia.The wingspan is 9–13 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae probably live under the bark of fallen wood of deciduous and evergreen trees. It has also been found in birds nests.
 The Taheke River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows north from its origins in hills to the east of Whangarei reaching the Waitangi River close to its mouth at Ngunguru Bay.
 Now Bahar (Persian: نوبهار‎ also Romanized as Now Bahār and Naubahār) is a village in Shamkan Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 393 in 84 families.
 Zebraplatys is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Herbow (Persian: هربو‎) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 17 families.
 Heidalsmuen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Compsodrillia excentrica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 BET's Listening Party is the second album by R&B group Jade. It was released in summer of 1993 and is a live album.
 Ursula Lehr (born 1930) is a German academic age researcher and politician who served as federal minister of youth family women and health from 1989 to 1990. She was also a member of the Bundestag.
 The blacklip abalone Haliotis rubra is a species of large edible sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae the abalones.Subspecies Haliotis rubra conicopora Péron 1816 – the conical pore abalone; synonyms: Haliotis conicopora Péron 1816 (original combination) Haliotis cunninghami Gray 1826; Haliotis granti Pritchard & Gatliff 1902; Haliotis vixlirata Cotton 1943 Haliotis rubra rubra Leach 1814 the shield abalone; synonyms: Haliotis ancile Reeve 1846; Haliotis improbula Iredale 1924; Haliotis naevosa Philippi 1844; Haliotis ruber Leach 1814 (original combination); Haliotis whitehousei (Colman 1959); Sanhaliotis whitehousei Colman 1959↑ ↑
 Waterfront is a 1928 silent film released with sound effects and music. It was produced and released by First National Pictures. It was directed by William A. Seiter and starred Dorothy Mackaill and Jack Mulhall then a popular duo under the First National banner.The new Library of Congress database has a print surviving complete at Cineteca Italiana in Milan.
 The Tabby Knot-horn (Euzophera pinguis) is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 23–28 mm. The moths are on wing from July to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Fraxinus excelsior.
 Out Of A Dream is a 1997 (see 1997 in music) album by Ilse Huizinga.
 The Purpose of American Politics is a book published in 1960 by the realist academic and political commentator Hans Morgenthau. In the book Morgenthau defines the purpose of American politics as the achievement of freedom.
 The Central High School building on Seventh St. in Devils Lake North Dakota was built in 1936. Now known as Central Middle School it was designed by Devils Lake architect John Marshall in Art Deco style.
 Rit'i Urmasqa (Quechua rit'i snow urmasqa fallen down snow fallen down hispanicized spelling Riti Urmasca erroneously also Ritiurcamasca) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5200 metres (17060 ft) high. It is situated in the Puno Region Putina Province on the border of the districts Ananea and Sina. Rit'i Urmasqa lies southeast of the mountain Rit'ipata and southwest of Chawpi Urqu at the mountain pass Iskay Cruz (Quechua iskay two Spanish cruz cross two crosses).
 Copperlode Dam or Lake Morris is a fresh water reservoir dam servicing the city of Cairns Queensland Australia. The dam is located in the range immediately west of the city.
 Byrkjelandsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Bjerkreim in Rogaland county Norway.
 Russell Crater is a crater found in the Noachis quadrangle of Mars located at 54.9° south latitude and 347.6° west longitude. It is about 139.7 km in diameter and was named after Henry Norris Russell an American astronomer (1877-1957).
 Waves is the seventh album by Norwegian jazz guitarist Terje Rypdal recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label.
 Omnivium is the third studio album released by German death metal band Obscura and the second album of Obscura's four album concept. The album was recorded at Woodshed Studio in southern Germany with engineer Victor Bullok (also known as V.Santura).
 Angarichthys hyperboreus is an extinct homostiid arthrodire placoderm from the Middle Devonian (either upper Eifelian or lower Givetian) of Siberia. It is known from an infragnathal plate an intero-lateral plate and a marginal plate found from the Middle Devonian strata of the Tynep Series formation near the Bakhta River. A.
 Sathuragiri Hills or Chathuragiri otherwise known as ' SUNDARA MAHALINGAM ' is situated 10 km from Watrap (Wathirairuppu) near Srivilliputhur. The name Sathuragiri came from Chathur (4) Veda (Vedas) Giri (Hill) where all the four Vedas met and formed the hill. Another meaning is that the whole mountain is in square (Chathuram) in shape so the name Chathuragiri. Sathuragiri is the Abode of God. It is otherwise also called as Mahalingam Hill.This is also called as Siddargal boomi.
 Schandtauber is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Silliman Memorial Presbyterian Church was a historic Presbyterian church located at Cohoes in Albany County New York. The complex was built in 1896–1897 and consisted of a church a church house and a manse. The Romanesque style church was a square structure constructed of brownstone and brick with an engaged tower at each corner. It featured various gables and turrets on the roof covered in slate. The church house was a 2 1⁄2-story Richardsonian Romanesque–style building.
 Black Girl is a play by American playwright J. E. Franklin. It was first produced on public television in 1969 followed by an off-Broadway production in 1971. It was later adapted by the playwright as a feature film that was released the following year.
 The Haverhill Street Milestone is a historic milestone on Haverhill Street in Reading Massachusetts. Located on the east side of the road near 434 Haverhill Street it is a granite slab with a rounded top. It is marked B / 12 / M denoting the distance along what was historically the post road between Boston and Haverhill.The marker was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 A Fire in the Sun is a cyberpunk science fiction novel by American writer George Alec Effinger published in 1989.
 Lajani (Persian: لاجاني‎ also Romanized as Lājānī) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 47 families.
 The River Whitewater rises at springs near Bidden Grange Farm between Upton Grey and Greywell. It flows northeast through Hampshire and is a tributary of the River Blackwater near Swallowfield. Its headwaters flow over chalk and there is little pollution making the River Whitewater rich in wildlife.
 Steel on a Mission is the second and thus far final album released by rapper Lil' 1/2 Dead. The album would peak at #59 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #23 on the Top Heatseekers and the single Southern Girl would make it to #38 on the Hot Rap Singles.
 Heber Manning Wells (August 11 1859 – March 12 1938) was an American politician and the first Governor of the State of Utah. Utah gained statehood January 4 1896; Wells served as governor from January 6 1896 until January 2 1905.
 Indian Giver the fourth studio album by American bubblegum pop group the 1910 Fruitgum Company was released in 1969. The title song written by Bobby Bloom Ritchie Cordell and Bo Gentry peaked at #5 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song Special Delivery went to #38 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album went to 147 on the Billboard 200.
 Zen-Nippon East Waste Tour '91 (全日本EAST WASTE TOUR '91 All Japan East Waste Tour '91) was a video album produced by the Japanese band The Blue Hearts in concurrence with their tour promoting their most recent album Bust Waste Hip. All of the songs were recorded live during their tour on June 12 or 13 1991 at NHK Hall.
 Żoń [ʐɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Margonin within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Margonin 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Chodzież and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Albany Presbyterian Church and Rectory also known as Whitespires is a historic church building in Albany Oregon United States. It was built in 1891 in the Carpenter Gothic style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1979.
 Krześniaków [kʂɛɕˈɲakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Warka 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Grójec and 49 km (30 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 120.
 The Viking (1928) was the first feature-length Technicolor film that featured a soundtrack and the first film made in Technicolor's Process 3. It stars Pauline Starke Donald Crisp and LeRoy Mason. The film is based on the novel The Thrall of Leif the Lucky.
 James Jimmy Devins (born 20 September 1948) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician and medical doctor. He served as a Teachta Dála (TD) from 2002 to 2011.
 Łaziszcze [waˈʑiʂt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Chojna 40 km (25 mi) south of Gryfino and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Watchers of the Sky is a 2014 American documentary film directed and produced by Edet Belzberg. The film premiered in competition category of U.S. Documentary Competition program at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 20 2014. It won the two awards at the festival.After its premiere at Sundance Film Festival Music Box Films acquired distribution rights of the film. The film is scheduled to be released in late 2014.
 Petit Albert is an 18th-century grimoire of natural and cabalistic magic.
 The Dragon Experience is an album by cEvin Key & Ken 'hiwatt' Marshall released in 2003.The model on the cover is Spencer Elden who was also the baby on the cover of Nirvana's 1991 album Nevermind.
 The Inheritance of Loss is the second novel by Indian author Kiran Desai. It was first published in 2006. It won a number of awards including the Man Booker Prize for that year the National Book Critics Circle Fiction Award in 2007 and the 2006 Vodafone Crossword Book Award.It was written over a period of seven years after her first book the critically acclaimed Hullabaloo in the Guava Orchard. Among its main themes are migration living between two worlds and between past and present.
 March ör Die is the tenth album by the British band Motörhead. It was recorded and released in 1992.
 Aníbal António Cavaco Silva GCC (Portuguese pronunciation: [ɐˈniβɐɫ ɐ̃ˈtɔɲu kɐˈvaku ˈsiɫvɐ]; born 15 July 1939) is the 19th and current President of Portugal. He won the Portuguese presidential election on 22 January 2006 and was re-elected on 23 January 2011 for a second five-year term. Cavaco Silva was sworn in on 9 March 2006.He was previously Prime Minister of Portugal from 6 November 1985 to 28 October 1995.
 Come è profondo il mare is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Lucio Dalla released in 1977 by RCA Italiana. It was the first work in which Dalla wrote both the music and lyrics after three albums in which the latter had been provided by poet Roberto Roversi.
 Rharbichthys is a genus of prehistoric fish.
 Dollarhide Mountain at 9301 feet (2835 m) above sea level is a peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest on the border of Blaine and Camas counties. It is located about 4.2 mi (6.8 km) south of Baker Peak. Forest road 227 travels near the peak over a road pass known as Dollarhide Summit. No roads or trails go to the summit.
 The western Andes tree frog Hyloscirtus sarampiona is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Colombia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Fourteen Days in May is a documentary directed by Paul Hamann and originally shown on television by the British Broadcasting Corporation in 1987. The programme recounts the final days before the execution of Edward Earl Johnson an American prisoner convicted of rape and murder and imprisoned in the Mississippi State Penitentiary. Johnson protested his innocence and claimed that his confession had been made under duress.
 Snow is the sixth studio album of the progressive rock band Spock's Beard and the final album with main songwriter and vocalist Neal Morse who left immediately after the release of the album due to his conversion to Christianity. A double-CD concept album Snow explores similar ground to classic concept albums like The Who's Tommy and The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway by Genesis. It was released in 2002 on InsideOut Music.The CDs are done in the HDCD format.
 All Aboard for Ararat is a 1940 allegorical novella by H. G. Wells that tells a modernized version of the story of Noah and the Flood. Wells was 74 when it was published and it is the last of his utopian writings.
 Proteuxoa metableta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland and Tasmania.
 The Ciurgău River is a tributary of the Valea Toancei River in Romania.
 Borobudur or Barabudur is a 9th-century Mahayana Buddhist Temple in Magelang Central Java Indonesia. The monument consists of six square platforms topped by three circular platforms and is decorated with 2672 relief panels and 504 Buddha statues. A main dome located at the center of the top platform is surrounded by 72 Buddha statues seated inside a perforated stupa.
 Kamel El Asaad (or Kamel Al Asaad) (1932 – 25 July 2010) was a Lebanese politician. Kamel Asaad (Arabic: كامل الأسعد‎) served starting early 1960 as Deputy of Bint Jbeil replacing his father Ahmed al-Asaad and then held the parliamentary seat of Hasbaya-Marjayoun from 1964 and 1992. He was elected Speaker of the House of the Lebanese Parliament several times May to October 1964 May to October 1968 with his final stint from 1970 to 1984.
 John Thomas Dunlop (July 5 1914 – October 2 2003) was an American administrator and labor scholar.Dunlop was the United States Secretary of Labor between 1975 and 1976. He was Director of the U.S. Cost of Living Council from 1973–1974 Chairman of the U.S.Commission on the Future of Worker/Management Relations from 1993–1995 and arbitrator and impartial chairman of various U.S.
 Nice Work (1988) is a novel by British author David Lodge. It won the Sunday Express Book of the Year award in 1988 and was also shortlisted for the Booker prize. In 1989 it was made into a four-part BBC television series directed by Christopher Menaul and starring Warren Clarke and Haydn Gwynne. The University of Birmingham served as the filming location of many of the scenes from this series.
 Pectinivalva chalcitis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found along the south-western coast of Western Australia.The wingspan is about 5.5 mm for females.The larvae possibly feed on Eucalyptus. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Light Red Acraea (Acraea nohara) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found from KwaZulu-Natal north through Zimbabwe to Kenya.The wingspan is 40–48 mm for males and 43–50 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to November and from January to March in southern Africa.The larvae feed on Basananthe sandersonii and Tricicleras longipedunculatum.
 Milmoral also known as the H.G. Fetterolf House John & Elizabeth Eagleson House and Ruth Nissen House is a historic home located at Cheltenham Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1905-1906 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay L-shaped dwelling in the Colonial Revival style. It is built of Wissahickon schist and was remodeled and enlarged in 1912. The house features a hipped roof wraparound porch supported by Doric order columns.
 Fra Martin Garzes was the 53rd Grand Master of the Order of Malta between 1595 and 1601. He became the Grand Master of the Order after the death of Hugues Loubenx de Verdalle. His suit of armour is found in the Palace Armoury at Valletta.
 Muricopsis (Muricopsis) ghisottii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Lunca Oamenilor River or Trocan River is a tributary of the Voineasa Mare River in Romania.
 The Adventures of Slim and Howdy is a 2008 novel by Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn (superstar duo Brooks & Dunn) and novelist Bill Fitzhugh. The novel features Brooks and Dunn's alter-egos Slim and Howdy as they travel cross-country in pursuit of a musical career.
 Wieszczyce [vjɛʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kęsowo 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Tuchola and 50 km (31 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 320.
 Lake Oku is a crater lake on the Bamenda Plateau in the Northwest Region of Cameroon. It is located at 2219 metres (7280 ft) on Mount Oku and is completely surrounded by cloud forest.The lake lies in an explosion crater formed in the last phase of development of the Oku Massif a large volcanic field with a diameter of about 100 kilometres (62 mi). Mount Oku is a stratovolcano that rises to 3011 metres (9879 ft).
 Kenneth L. Ken Roberson (born November 5 1943) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 75th District which is based in Charlotte County including the communities of Punta Gorda and Port Charlotte since 2012 previously representing the 71st District from 2008 to 2012.
 Francis Charles Seymour-Conway 3rd Marquess of Hertford KG GCH PC (11 March 1777 – 1 March 1842) styled Viscount Beauchamp between 1793 and 1794 and Earl of Yarmouth between 1794 and 1822 was a British Tory politician and art collector.
 Double Game also known as Violent Turin (in original Italian Torino violenta) is a 1977 poliziotteschi film. This film by Carlo Ausino stars George Hilton.
 Huayna Potosí is a mountain in Bolivia located about 25 km north of La Paz in the Cordillera Real.Huayna Potosí is the closest high mountain to La Paz a city which is surrounded by high mountains and itself is the highest capital city in the world. Huayna Potosí is roughly fifteen miles due north of the city which makes this mountain the most popular climb in Bolivia. The normal ascent route is a fairly straightforward glacier climb with some crevasses and a steep climb to the summit.
 Michael P. Hein (born July 20 1965) is the 1st and current County Executive of Ulster County having been elected on November 4 2008. Prior to the creation of this position the 2008 ratification by referendum of the Ulster County Charter he was the Ulster County Administrator.
 Donja Previja is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Billings Estate National Historic Site is an Ottawa museum located 2100 Cabot St. in the former home of one of the region's earliest settlers. The oldest wood framed house in Ottawa was built in 1827-9 by Massachusetts-born Braddish Billings. It became the home for the following four generations of the Billings family. It is Ottawa's oldest surviving house though the Bytown Museum building is older. Billings had moved to the area in 1812 and was the first settler in Gloucester Township.
 Let the Devil Wear Black is a 1999 film directed by Stacy Title co-written by Title and her husband actor Jonathan Penner. The film is a modern retelling of the classic play Hamlet.
 Jacques Kosciusco-Morizet (or Kosciusko) (31 January 1913 – 15 May 1994) was a noted French university professor and diplomat.
 Legend is a 2014 Telugu film directed by Boyapati Srinu and produced by Ram AchantaGopichand Achanta and Anil Sunkara under 14 Reels Entertainment and Sai Korrapati will be presenting the film on Vaarahi Chalana Chitram. It stars Nandamuri Balakrishna working for the second time with Boyapati Srinu after Simha alongside Radhika Apte Sonal Chauhan and Jagapathi Babu. Devi Sri Prasad composed the music and Ram Prasad handled the cinematography.
 The Prihodiște River is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
 Diana DiZoglio is an American state legislator serving in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. She is a Methuen resident and a member of the Democratic Party.
 The Nantucket Independent was a weekly newspaper on Nantucket. It first went into circulation on July 2 2003. In April 2008 GateHouse Media New England announced that it had purchased the newspaper. In September 2010 GateHouse suspended publication of the struggling weekly and closed its Nantucket office.
 Vera Cahalan Bushfield (August 9 1889 – April 16 1976) was a U.S. Senator from South Dakota.
 Alucita pselioxantha is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found on Paumotus.
 The New American Diet (Rodale 2009) is the first diet book to investigate the effects of obesogens on our bodies and to propose a prescriptive diet plan to reverse what they call The Obesogen Effect. Author Stephen Perrine (editor of Children's Health editor-at-large of Men's Health and former editor-in-chief of Best Life) and co-author Heather Hurlock (former health editor of Best Life) research and discuss the link between obesogens and the American obesity crisis as well as increases in rates of diabetes depression heart disease declining birth rates and sperm counts and autism.The New American Diet describes obesogens as natural and artificial endocrine-disrupting chemicals found in the American food and water supply. 
 Lake Grassmere is close to Cook Strait in the northeastern South Island of New Zealand. The lake is used for the production of salt.
 Morrisville Public Library is a historic library building located at Morrisville in Madison County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a 2 1⁄2-story frame picturesque cottage with Gothic Revival–style detailing.It became a library in December 1903 with 760 volumes on its shelves.
 Woodlands is a historic home located at Perryville Cecil County Maryland United States. It appears to have been constructed in two principal periods: the original 2 1⁄2-story section built between 1810 and 1820 of stuccoed stone and a 1 1⁄2-story rear kitchen wing; and two bays of stuccoed brick with double parlors on the first story and a one-story glazed conservatory constructed between 1840 and 1850. The home features Greek Revival details.
 The Battle of the Sexes is a 1959 British comedy film starring Peter Sellers and directed by Charles Crichton based on the short story The Catbird Seat by James Thurber. The story was adapted by Monja Danischewsky.
 Manzanar is most widely known as the site of one of ten camps where over 110000 Japanese Americans were incarcerated during World War II. Located at the foot of the Sierra Nevada in California's Owens Valley between the towns of Lone Pine to the south and Independence to the north it is approximately 230 miles (370 km) northeast of Los Angeles.
 Hormonally Yours is the second studio album by British-based pop act Shakespears Sister. Released on 18 February 1992 by London Records the album went on to become a critical and commercial success and is their best-selling album to date. The album's second single Stay became the group's best-selling single topping the UK Singles Chart for 8 consecutive weeks.
 Brother Orchid is a 1940 American crime/comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Edward G. Robinson Ann Sothern and Humphrey Bogart with featured performances by Donald Crisp Ralph Bellamy and Allen Jenkins. The screenplay was written by Earl Baldwin with uncredited contributions from Jerry Wald and Richard Macauley based on a story by Richard Connell originally published in Collier's Magazine on May 21 1938.
 Fatma is a 2009 film.
 The 1st Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Legislative Council and the Delaware House of Assembly. Elections were held the first day of October and terms began on the twentieth day of October. It met in the town of New Castle Delaware convening October 20 1776 and was the administration of President John McKinly effective on February 12 1777.
 Copelatus mimetes is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1957.
 Dead Friend (Hangul: 령; RR: Ryeong; lit. The Ghost) is a 2004 South Korean horror film. It is one of a number of South Korean horror films set in a girl's high school; the trend began with 1998's Whispering Corridors.
 Manadhai Thirudivittai (Tamil: மனதை திருடிவிட்டாய்) ; English: You have stolen my heart!) is a 2001 Indian Tamil film written and directed by newcomer R. D. Narayanamurthy starring Prabhudeva Kausalya and newcomer Gayatri Jayaraman in lead roles and also stars both the comedians Vivek and Vadivelu being their most recent collaboration in Tamil films. The film which has music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja released on 14 November 2001 and met with average results the box office.
 Kevin Timothy Furey was a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives he represented District 91 from 2004 to 2007. He is a First Lieutenant in the United States Army Reserves currently deployed to Iraq as a Civil Affairs Team Chief. Kevin resigned his seat in October 2007 his District is being represented by Timothy Furey his father.As a civilian Kevin works for the Energy Infrastructure Promotion and Development Division in the Montana Department of Commerce. [1]
 Afzalabad Doomak (Persian: افضل‌آباد‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Harrison Carroll Hobart was a colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War and a lawyer and politician in the state of Wisconsin.
 Hamidiyeh (Persian: حميديه‎ also Romanized as Ḩamīdīyeh; also known as Malekābād (Persian: ملك اباد) and Mīlkābād) is a village in Khanuk Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 883 in 207 families.
 Mohamed Abdelaziz (Arabic: محمد عبد العزيز‎; born 17 August 1947) is the 3rd and current Secretary General of the Polisario Front and President of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic since 1976. He speaks Arabic and French.
 The Review of Income and Wealth is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Association for Research in Income and Wealth. It was established in 1951 and published annually until 1966 when it became a quarterly. Its aim is to provide a venue for research on income and wealth in terms of national and international economic and social accounting.
 Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of entrepreneurship studies. Most issues also feature a teaching case.
 Brzezińskie Holendry [bʐɛˈʑiɲskʲɛ xɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzymów within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Konin and 101 km (63 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Handies Peak elevation 14058 ft (4285 m) is a summit in the San Juan Mountains of southwest Colorado. The mountain is in the Handes Peak Wilderness Study Area managed by the Bureau of Land Management approximately 11.5 mi (18.5 km) northeast of Silverton in Hinsdale County.
 Boat (Korean: 보트 translit. Boteu; Japanese: ノーボーイズ、ノークライ alt. title No Boys No Cry formerly known as House) is a 2009 film directed by Kim Young-nam and starring Ha Jung-woo and Satoshi Tsumabuki in the lead roles. It is a South Korean-Japanese co-production. The film charts the experiences and cross cultural friendship of a couple of smugglers.
 The Song of the Rivers (German: Das Lied der Ströme) is a 1954 documentary film production by the East Germany's Deutsche Film-Aktiengesellschaft (DEFA). Dutch filmmaker Joris Ivens was the leading director. The sprawling film celebrates international workers movements along six major rivers: the Volga Mississippi Ganges Nile Amazon and the Yangtze.
 John Conness (September 22 1821 – January 10 1909) was a first-generation Irish-American businessman who served as a U.S. Senator (1863–1869) from California during the American Civil War and the early years of Reconstruction. He introduced a bill to establish Yosemite National Park and voted to abolish slavery. His advocacy of Chinese immigration and civil rights cost him his constituency.
 Żelisław [ʐɛˈliswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Błaszki 22 km (14 mi) west of Sieradz and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Luzerne County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Wilkes-Barre Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted architect Frederick John Osterling (1865 – 1934) and built between 1906 and 1909. It is a cruciform plan building in the Classical Revival style with a central 53 feet in diameter central rotunda. Above the rotunda is a dome. It is built of Ohio sandstone reinforced concrete and terra cotta.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Live is a live album by American power pop group Big Star recorded in 1974 direct to two-track at Ultrasonic Studios New York for WLIR and released in 1992.
 Two Bayou Methodist Church and Cemetery is a historic church in Camden Arkansas.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register in 1998.
 The Rufer House was designed by architect Adolf Loos (Adolf Franz Karl Viktor Maria Loos) in 1922 for Joseph and Marie Rufer. It is considered to be the first example of the new style of Raumplan. Raumplan was very different from its predecessor Free Plan in its internal spatial organization. While not as well known as some of other of Loos’ houses this set the precedent for his later designs.
 Bufonaria elegans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 Cape Verde is a large promontory and extremity on the rim of Victoria Crater in Meridiani Planum an extraterrestrial plain within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars. The Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity perched atop this feature in 2006 to take a true-color mosaic of the crater below.
 Mowtowr-e Nur Mohammad Qanbari Chah Hasan (Persian: موتورنورمحمدقنبري چاه حسن‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Nūr Moḩammad Qanbarī Chāh Ḩasan) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 279 in 57 families.
 K.C. Kondaiah (born 10 July 1950) is an Indian politician and presently a member of the Karnataka Legislative Council from Bellary. He is a former member of the (Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha) from Karnataka.An ardent partisan of the Nehru-Gandhi family. He paved the way and was instrumental in Sonia Gandhi's win from Bellary Lok Sabha Constituency in 1999.
 Haunted Spooks is a 1920 American silent comedy film starring Harold Lloyd and Mildred Davis.
 Nancy Elizabeth Teed (February 26 1949 – January 29 1993) was a Canadian politician.Born in Saint John New Brunswick she was elected to Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick in the riding of Saint John South in the 1978 election. A Progressive Conservative she was re-elected in 1982.
 Moksha also known as Moksha: Salvation is a 2001 Bollywood film produced and directed by Ashok Mehta and starring Manisha Koirala and Arjun Rampal as the lead pair.The film launched the career of actor Arjun Rampal as well as gave a boost to Manisha Koirala's already successful career. Ashok Mehta won the National Film Award for Best Cinematography. This film was declared as 'flop' by boxofficeindia.
 Lieven Dehandschutter (born 9 June 1958 in Sint-Niklaas) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. He was elected as a member of the Flemish Parliament in 2009. He is a qualified gentleman and a known scholar.
 Adam John Marshall (born 4 September 1984) an Australian politician is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly and has been representing Northern Tablelands since a 2013 by-election as a member of the National Party of Australia.
 Agrionympha jansella is a species of moth belonging to the Micropterigidae family. It was described by George W. Gibbs and Niels P. Kristensen in 2011. It is found in South Africa where it is known only from Karkloof Falls in the Eastern Cape.The length of the forewings is about 3.2 mm for females.
 Gon (ゴン) is a tiny fictional dinosaur and the title character of a Japanese manga series created by Masashi Tanaka. The Gon series features the completely wordless adventures of the irascible title character as he interacts with the natural world depicted by Tanaka in lush realistic detail. Gon somehow survived the extinction of his fellow dinosaurs and interacts with paleolithic animals. Gon was most notable outside of Japan for his appearance in the Tekken 3 video game.
 John Smith (February 12 1752 – August 12 1816) was an American politician from New York.
 Stugeta somalina is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Stempffer in 1946. It is found in Somalia and northern Kenya.
 The old Bridgeport City Hall is located in Bridgeport Connecticut. The building was built in 1854 as both the City Hall and the Fairfield County Courthouse and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 19 1977. The old city hall was renamed McLevy Hall after Bridgeport mayor Jasper McLevy in 1966.
 William I Prince of Orange (24 April 1533 – 10 July 1584) also widely known as William the Silent (Dutch: Willem de Zwijger) or more commonly known as William of Orange (Dutch: Willem van Oranje) was the main leader of the Dutch revolt against the Spanish that set off the Eighty Years' War and resulted in the formal independence of the United Provinces in 1648. He was born in the House of Nassau as Count of Nassau-Dillenburg.
 Gnathostoma hispidum is a nematode (roundworm) that infects many vertebrate animals including humans. Infection of Gnathostoma hispidum like many species of Gnathostoma causes the disease gnathostomiasis due to the migration of immature worms in the tissues.
 Drivetrain is the twelfth studio album by the southern rock band 38 Special released in 2004.
 Virgil (1864–1886) was an American thoroughbred racehorse that was bred in Kentucky by Hyman C. Gratz. He was a brown to dark bay stallion was approximately 16 hands high and had a prominent white star on his forehead.[2] His sire Vandal was the second leading sire of the time behind the great Lexington. Virgil was a direct descendant of the thoroughbred foundation sire Herod and was the leading sire in the United States in 1885.Virgil was trained as a flat-racer buggy racer and jumper.
 Manuel Enrique Felix Lopez (Junin November 17 1937 - Portoviejo January 1 2004) was an Ecuadorian businessman and politician. During his lifetime he occupied different positions in public administration; from Councilor of Canton in 1966 through the Vice President of the Andean Parliament in 1985 to his national deputation in 1992.
 Norman Jay Colman (May 16 1827 – November 3 1911) was a politician newspaper publisher and the first United States Secretary of Agriculture. Colman was born in Richfield Springs New York to son of Nancy (Sprague) and Hamilton Colman. He later moved to Kentucky to become an educator. He received a law degree from the University of Louisville Law School in 1849. Colman then moved to Missouri ostensibly to farm. He was elected as an Alderman for St.
 Conus taslei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Millennial Women is a 1978 science fiction anthology edited by Virginia Kidd in which all the stories are written by women and have a female character as the primary protagonist. The themes which these stories have in common are those of social science fiction: that which is perceived as alien the uses of language careers familial relationships sexual politics social constructions of gender political freedom and equality.
 Crooked Lake is a State registered Outstanding Florida Water that is located in southeast Polk County Florida United States. The lake is located west of Babson Park north and west of Hillcrest Heights and east of Crooked Lake Park. Crooked Lake is one of the largest lakes in Polk County both in terms of area and total volume with a maximum depth of 45 feet (14 m) and over 21 billion US gallons (79000000 m3) of water.
 Werner Maihofer (20 October 1918 – 6 October 2009) was a German jurist and legal philosopher. He served as Germany's Federal Minister of the Interior from 1974–1978 until he resigned after a scandal involving an illegal wiretapping of Klaus Traube.
 Gandeshkan (Persian: گندشكان‎ also Romanized as Gandeshkān and Gandeshgān) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 6 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Jahangir Namdary (Persian: مزرعه جهانگيرنامدارئ‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Jahāngīr Nāmdāry) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hogback Bridge is a historic Pennsylvania (Petit) truss bridge located in Curwensville Clearfield County Pennsylvania United States. It was built in 1893 by the King Bridge Company.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Olivella lindae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.This is a nomen nudum.
 Słupie [ˈswupjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Hermit (1864–1890) sometimes known incorrectly as The Hermit was a 19th-century British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a racing career which lasted from April 1866 until July 1869 he ran twenty-three times and won eight races. He was a leading two-year-old in 1866 and won the 1867 Epsom Derby despite breaking down in training shortly before the race.
 Infamous is the second studio album by Canadian electronicore band Abandon All Ships. It was released on July 3 2012 through Rise Records. On January 18 2012 the band announced that they were in the process or recording their second studio album which they initially intended for a late-spring or early-summer release. The album's lead single Infamous features guest rap vocals by Canadian rapper A-Game.
 Foxes' Oven is a novel by the English writer Michael de Larrabeiti. It is set in the village of Offham near Arundel in West Sussex in 1940. It was published by Robert Hale in 2003.
 Asymphorodes bipunctatus is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by J.F.G. Clarke in 1986. It is found in French Polynesia.
 Helina obscurata is a fly from the family Muscidae.
 John David Dungs served as Military Administrator of Delta State from August 1996 until August 1998 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.In August 1990 Lieutenant Colonel Dungs was a member of the multinational force in Liberia when a gunboat was seized capturing 27 rebels.Warri in Delta State is the location of an oil refinery petrochemical plant and deep-water river port.
 Above the Mountains or Boven de Bergen is a 1992 Dutch film directed by Digna Sinke.
 Twassa Feyi is the debut album of Lebanese artist Yara and was produced and composed by the man who introduced her into the music industry Tarek Abou Jaoudeh in 2005. Tarek composed her first single Hob Kbir for her and it met with relative success. The album has songs in the Egyptian and Lebanese Arabic dialects.
 Aglossa steralis is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by C. Felder R. Felder and Rogenhofer in 1875 and is known from South Africa (it was described from Grahamtown).
 Eatonina pumila is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cingulopsidae.
 Rüppell's Black Chat (Myrmecocichla melaena) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is found in Eritrea and Ethiopia.
 A Black & White Night Live is a Roy Orbison music album made posthumously by Virgin Records from the HBO television broadcast Roy Orbison and Friends A Black and White Night. The album was released in 1989 and included the songs Blue Bayou and Claudette that because of time constraints had been deleted from the televised broadcast. However it did not include the song Blue Angel which was cut from the original broadcast for the same reason.
 The Nieuw Israelietisch Weekblad (Dutch: New Israelite Weekly) in short NIW is the only Jewish weekly and the oldest functioning news magazine in the Netherlands. Founded on August 4 1865 it has tried to inform the Jewish community on issues concerning Jews and Judaism in the Netherlands and in the world. Its headquarters are in Amstelveen. The chairman of the NIW is Jigal Markuszower and the managing editor is Elise Friedman.The NIW has some 6000 subscribers.
 Ship Pond is an 11-acre (45000 m2) reservoir in the Vallerville village of Plymouth Massachusetts located in a narrow area between Route 3A and Cape Cod Bay south of Surfside Beach north of Bayside Beach and east of Morey Hole. The pond is a secondary municipal water supply for the Town of Plymouth.
 Le Cuisinier is a studio album by Merzbow released by Stratosphere Music in 1983 on a cassette. The album consists of an improvisation between Merzbow and Kiyoshi Mizutani. It was recorded on July 3 1983 at Music Studio Kichijoji Tokyo and mixed at Merz-Bau.The album was reissued at some point but due to the lack of notoriety at the time and the limited amount of copies much of the information of this re-issue including the date and the releasing label is unknown.
 Maurice Bourget PC (October 20 1907 – March 29 1979) was a Canadian politician who was Speaker of the Canadian Senate from April 27 1963 to January 6 1966.Bourget was born in Lauzon Quebec and played semi-professional baseball and softball in Levis as a young man. He trained as a civil engineer and practiced in Levis.A Liberal since the age of 19 Bourget was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Liberal in 1940.
 I. F. Wilson was the 20th Surveyor General of Sri Lanka. He was appointed in 1946 succeeding R. J. Johnston and held the office until 1951. He was succeeded by C. B. King.
 Freddie N. Webb (born November 24 1942 in Manila Philippines) is a Filipino former senator former congressman former basketball player and coach. He is currently involved in television movies and radio (as an actor radio personality and sportscaster).He completed his elementary education at San Beda College and his degree in Bachelor of Arts in English at Colegio de San Juan de Letran.He is married to Elizabeth Pagaspas of Tanauan Batangas with whom he has six children.
 Akçalı is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 164 people.
 Thorns vs. Emperor is a split album by the Norwegian black metal bands Thorns and Emperor. The album features a mixture of covers and originals as well as re-recorded versions of older tracks.It features the first recorded material from Thorns since the 1992 Trøndertun demo. Satyr of Satyricon provides vocals on all Thorns tracks.Early pressings of Thorns vs. Emperor came with a bonus disc featuring both the Grymyrk and Trøndertun demos in full.
 Françoise Hardy is a 1965 studio album by the French pop singer Françoise Hardy. Like many of Hardy's earlier albums it was released with no title. In Canada the record was named after its most successful song L’amitié and in New Zealand and Australia it was released as The Warm Romantic Voice of Françoise Hardy.
 Bezděkov pod Třemšínem is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Dawn is the third Danger Danger album to feature Bruno Ravel on guitar as well as bass. It is the third Danger Danger album in order of release though it isn't the third to be recorded.On this album the band went in a very different direction musically lyrically and image wise from its previous albums. It can loosely be compared to Warrant's Ultraphobic which was also released in 1995.This album was released in place of Cockroach which was scheduled for a 1993 release.
 The Spirit River is a river in northern Alberta Canada. The name is a translation of the Cree words Chepe Sepi meaning ghost or spirit.The town of Spirit River is established close to the river banks and is named for the river as is the Municipal District of Spirit River No. 133 and the Spirit River Formation a geological formation of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
 Mammal is the second studio album by the Irish black metal band Altar of Plagues. It was released through Candlelight Records in Europe and Profound Lore Records in North America each with different artwork.
 Kocagür is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1130 people.
 Tachypodoiulus niger known variously as the white-legged snake millipede or the black millipede is a European species of millipede. It is very similar to other species such as Cylindroiulus londinensis from which it can be reliably distinguished only by studying the shape of the telson. It occurs in the British Isles Spain France Benelux Germany Switzerland Austria and the Czech Republic and is especially common on chalky and limestone soils.T.
 Peril and the Patient is the third album by the progressive metal group Called to Arms and was released digitally through Tragic Hero Records on August 10 2010. The ninth track off the album entitled Ashamed Awake was streamed at IndieVisionMusic for the week of May 23 as well as a five minute teaser clip from the album.The album is based on The Screwtape Letters written by C. S.
 The Wasps (Greek: Σφῆκες Sphēkes) is the fourth in chronological order of the eleven surviving plays by Aristophanes the master of an ancient genre of drama called 'Old Comedy'. It was produced at the Lenaia festival in 422 BC a time when Athens was enjoying a brief respite from The Peloponnesian War following a one year truce with Sparta.
 Łosewo [wɔˈsɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kolno and 90 km (56 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 95.
 Bulldog Drummond in Africa is a 1938 American crime thriller film.
 The Miller–Davis Law Buildings known commonly as the Miller Davis Building are located on Main and Front Street in the McLean County Illinois city of Bloomington. The law offices served future Supreme Court Justice David Davis and future Illinois State Senator Asahel Gridley. The buildings became a gathering place for local lawyers such as Abraham Lincoln and Stephen A. Douglas.
 The Jolly Corner is a short story by Henry James published first in the magazine The English Review of December 1908. One of James' most noted ghost stories The Jolly Corner describes the adventures of Spencer Brydon as he prowls the now-empty New York house where he grew up. He encounters a sensation more complex than had ever before found itself consistent with sanity.
 The Falls is a 2001 crime novel by Ian Rankin. It is the twelfth of the Inspector Rebus novels. It was the first episode in the second Rebus television series starring Ken Stott airing in 2006 substantially changed from the novel and somewhat resembling the plot of the film Chinatown.
 Rabeh (Persian: رعبه‎ also Romanized as Raʿbeh) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 7 families.Le Dr Rabeh et aussi un célèbre dentiste travaillant actuellement dans la ville de Gonnesse il est lui même issu de la ville de rabeh.
 Untermyer Park (also known as Untermyer Gardens previously part of an estate known as Greystone) is a historic park of 43 acres situated in Yonkers Westchester County New York just north of New York City.
 Pasieka Wałowska [paˈɕeka vaˈwɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and 53 km (33 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Contakt is the fifth studio album by the Norwegian urban music duo Madcon. It was released on 21 June 2012. The album entered the Norwegian Albums Chart at number 18.
 Blue Moon is an album released in 1996 by American country music artist Toby Keith. The third album of his career and his only album for A&M Records (whose Nashville division was soon absorbed into Mercury Records Nashville) it was certified platinum by the RIAA for sales of one million copies in the United States. Overall it produced three singles for Keith on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts: Does That Blue Moon Ever Shine on You? (#2) A Woman's Touch (#6) and Me Too (#1).
 City at the End of Time is a 2008 science fiction novel by American writer Greg Bear. It was published in August 2008 by Del Rey in the United States and Gollancz in the United Kingdom. The story follows three drifters in present-day Seattle who are tormented by strange dreams of the Kalpa a city one hundred trillion years in the future.
 The Do Umbuzeiro River is a river of Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Sidney Museum and Archivesis a non-profit community organization located in Sidney British Columbia Canada which is dedicated to the history of Sidney and North Saanich. Run by the Society of Saanich Peninsula Museums the museum promotes awareness of local heritage through exhibits programs and collections. Its permanent collection consists of over 6000 items.In addition to its permanent exhibits the museum also has rotating monthly exhibits.
 Endangered Species is a posthumous compilation of unreleased tracks guest appearances and greatest hits by the late rapper Big Pun released in 2001 following his death in February 2000. The proceeds from the album were to be given to Pun's widow Liza Rios and their three children.[1] The album reached a peak chart position of #7.
 Tidewater Inn is a historic hotel in Easton Talbot County Maryland United States. It is a Colonial Revival brick hip-roofed four-story hotel with flanking three-story wings and an addition on the north wing. The original section was completed in 1949 with an addition to the north constructed in 1953. The floor plan of the original building is a flattened chevron shape.
 Tad (Persian: طاد‎ also Romanized as Ţād and Tād) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 32 families.
 Time Warner Center is a twin-tower building developed by AREA Property Partners (formerly known as Apollo Real Estate Advisors) and The Related Companies in New York City. Its design by David Childs and Mustafa Kemal Abadan of Skidmore Owings & Merrill consists of two 750 ft (229 m) twin towers bridged by a multi-story atrium containing upscale retail shops.
 Humboldt County High is the first studio album by West Coast hip hop group Potluck. It was released on September 11 2001 on The Orchard label.
 Fish Creek is a tributary of the Big Thompson River in Larimer County Colorado. The stream's source is Lily Lake in Roosevelt National Forest. It flows northeast to a confluence with the Big Thompson in Lake Estes.
 Drinova Međa is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina; Europe.
 Prazision LP is the first album by the Virginian post-rock band Labradford released in October 1993. It was the first album released on the independent label Kranky.It was re-released by Kranky on November 12 2007 with an additional track taken from the band's first single.
 Il terrorista internationally released as The Terrorist is a 1963 Italian war drama film directed by Gianfranco De Bosio. It is inspired to real life events of the Italian partisan Otello Pighin. The film entered the 24th Venice International Film Festival in which it won the Pasinetti Award.
 Benger Swamp is a wetland on the Swan Coastal Plain 2 km west of Benger 14 km east of the coastal town of Binningup 12 km south-west of Harvey and 155 km south of Perth in south-west Western Australia. Some 89% of the swamp is protected within the Benger Swamp nature reserve while the remaining 11% mainly in the northern part is privately owned.
 100000 Pounds (Greek: Εκατό χιλιάδες λίρες alternate title: Ekato hiliades lires) is a 1948 Greek film directed by Alekos Leivaditis and starring Mimis Fotopoulos Dinos Iliopoulos and Kaiti Panou. The film was produced by Mer Film which rose to the famous operator of the time Prodromos Meravides.
 Beraki Ghebreselassie is an Eritrean politician. He joined EPLF in 1972 and since Independence has held the following positions: member of the Central Council of PFDJ member of the National Assembly Secretary of Education Minister of Information and Ambassador to Germany The Holy See Poland Hungary and Austria.
 Conus suturatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Phantom Glacier is in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated in the Beartooth Mountains at an elevation of 10400 feet (3200 m) above sea level and is immediately south of Arch Lake.
 Ali Laarayedh (Arabic: علي العريّض‎ ʿAlī al-ʿArayyiḍ; born 15 August 1955) is a Tunisian politician who was Prime Minister of Tunisia from 2013 to 2014. Previously he served in the government as the Minister of the Interior from 2011 to 2013. Following the resignation of Prime Minister Hamadi Jebali Laarayedh was designated as Prime Minister in February 2013. He is a member of the Ennahda Movement.Laarayedh resigned on 9 January 2014.
 Huntington Bay is a village in Suffolk County New York United States on East Neck on the North Shore of Long Island. As of the 2010 census the village population was 1425.The Village of Huntington Bay is in the town of Huntington.
 River of Time is the title of a studio album released by RCA Records in 1989 by the American country music duo The Judds. It features the singles Young Love (Strong Love) Let Me Tell You About Love One Man Woman and Guardian Angel. While the first two singles reached #1 on the country charts the latter two peaked at #8 and #16 respectively with Guardian Angel being their first single since 1983's Had a Dream (For the Heart) to miss Top Ten.
 The Final Days is a 1976 non-fiction book written by Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein. A follow up to their book All the President's Men The Final Days concerns itself with the final months of the Richard Nixon presidency.As stated in the book's foreword all the information and scenarios depicted were taken from interviews with 394 people who were involved. All that was stated in these interviews was considered on the record but the identity of the sources remained confidential.
 Norman Russell Wylie Lord Wylie PC (26 October 1923 – 7 September 2005) was a Scottish Conservative and Unionist politician.Born in Elderslie he was educated at Paisley Grammar School St Edmund Hall Oxford and the Universities of Glasgow and Edinburgh. He served in the Fleet Air Arm from 1942 to 1946. He was member of Parliament for Edinburgh Pentlands between October 1964 and February 1974.
 The First African Methodist Episcopal Church of Los Angeles (First A.M.E. or FAME) is a megachurch in Los Angeles California USA part of the African Methodist Episcopal (AME) Church. It is the oldest church founded by African Americans in Los Angeles dating to 1872. The church now has a membership of more than 19000 individuals.
 Coenotes jakli is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Tanimbar Islands.
 Lost and Found is a compilation album put together by founding members of The Detroit Cobras originally licensed to Sympathy for the Record Industry in 2004 but never released. Complications arose between current and former members and the project was scrapped later to be released as The Original Recordings (Singles and Unreleased 1995-1997) by Munster Records in Spain.
 Free Men (French: Les hommes libres) is a 2011 French film written and directed by Ismaël Ferroukhi which tells the largely untold story about the role that Muslims played in the French resistance and as rescuers of Jews during the German occupation (1940-1944). The film stars Tahar Rahim and Michael Lonsdale.
 Terenin [tɛˈrɛnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Pabianice and 20 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 80.
 Manymoon Lake is a 24 acre lake in Cook County Minnesota belonging to the Poplar River watershed. At its deepest point it measures only 6.5 feet deep and has abundant aquatic plant life to a depth of 2.5 feet. Water clarity as of 2008 measured 1.41 meters. The substrate consists of muck and stones of no uniform size. Manymoon lake has neither inlet nor permanent outlet although an intermittent stream feeds a wetland on the end of the southeastern bay.
 The Big O is a music album recorded by Roy Orbison for London Records in the United Kingdom with the music and backing vocals provided by English group the Art Movement on all tracks except for Penny Arcade which was a studio recording and released as a single in the UK in 1969 where it peaked at #27 and would be Orbison's last UK chart success during his lifetime. Penny Arcade was also his biggest hit in Australia spending four weeks at Number One around Christmas 1969.
 Gold Turkey is an American album of sketch comedy that was first released as a vinyl record in 1975. It was a spin-off from National Lampoon magazine.
 Carrauntoohil or Carrantuohill (/ˌkærənˈtuːl/ from Irish: Corrán Tuathail) is the highest peak in Ireland. Located in County Kerry it is 1038 metres (3406 ft) high and is the central peak of the Macgillycuddy's Reeks range. There are two other peaks in this range higher than 1000 m—Beenkeragh (1010 m) and Caher (1001 m). The peak of Carrauntoohil is topped by a large metal cross 5 metres (16 ft) tall. Carrauntoohil is classed as a Furth by the Scottish Mountaineering Club i.e.
 The National Museum of Fine Arts is Malta’s major museum for the visual arts. It houses a collection of works by Maltese and foreign artists mainly representing the major European artistic styles.The museum is located in the capital city of Valletta in a palace at the lower end of South Street. The area is the seat of fine historical palaces dating from the times of the Order of St John of Jerusalem that are now used by government ministries and departments.
 This article is about the 1918 book Ravished Armenia as well as the 1919 film Auction of Souls based on the autobiographical bookRavished Armenia full title Ravished Armenia; the Story of Aurora Mardiganian the Christian Girl Who Survived the Great Massacres is a book written in 1918 by Arshaluys (Aurora) Mardiganian about her experiences in the Armenian Genocide.A Hollywood film based on it was filmed in 1919 under the title Auction of Souls (which also became to be known as Ravished Armenia based on the book it was adapted from). 
 Hamid Dawud Mohamed Khalil al Zawi most commonly known as Abu Abdullah al-Rashid al-Baghdadi (ابو عبدالله الراشد البغدادي) and also known as Abu Hamza al-Baghdadi and (About this sound pronunction AH-boo OH-mahr ahl bahg-DAHD-ee Abu Omar al-Qurashi al-Baghdadi (died 18 April 2010) was the nom de guerre of the person purported to be the leader of the former Mujahideen Shura Council (also known as the Council of Freedom Fighters the Consultative Council of Mujahedeen and the Council of Holy Warriors) an umbrella organization composed of eight groups that oppose the United States' military presence in Iraq and purported to be the head of the Islamic State of Iraq.
 Record sometimes referred as Record: The Best of Zero 7 is a compilation album by British musical duo Zero 7 released on 28 June 2010. The compilation contains material from the duo's first four studio albums. The deluxe version includes a second disc featuring remixes by such producers as J Dilla Justus Köhncke and Joker.
 In The Beginning is a compilation by death metal band Nile which combines their two EPs Ramses Bringer of War and Festivals of Atonement in their entirety. It was released in 2000.Festivals of Atonement was released on LP format on February 10th 1995 through their own label Anubis Records. Ramses Bringer of War was released as a cassette demo on November 19th 1996 on the same label and later in 1997 on CD and CS formats through Visceral Records.Tracks 1-5 from Festivals of Atonement.
 Sri Ramanjaneya Yuddham is a classical Telugu film directed by Bapu. The film was released in the year 1974. The film mainly revolves around Lord Anjaneya saving King Yayati against Lord Rama in Treta Yuga.
 The Joseph Fiery House is a historic home located at Clear Spring Washington County Maryland United States. It is a 2-story three-bay limestone Germanic central-chimney house probably dating from the 1760s or 1770s with a 1 1⁄2-story log addition. The house stands on a 3.01-acre (12200 m2) tract with a small cluster of outbuildings. An unusual feature of the house is the absence of any openings at all on the rear elevation.
 San Piero a Grado (Italian: Basilica di San Piero Apostolo) is a church in Pisa Tuscany Italy in the eponymous frazione 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) west of the city center. The church is located where once was a now disappeared port of the Pisan Republic where according to the legend St. Peter landed in Italy from Antiochia in 44 AD.
 St. Luke's is an Anglican church in Clifford West Yorkshire England. It is one of three churches in Clifford; the second largest after St. Edward King and Confessor.
 Bancroft is a small bowl-shaped impact crater located to the southwest of Archimedes on the Mare Imbrium. A wide shallow depression runs from the rim of Bancroft southeast to the Montes Archimedes. There are some clefts at the edge of the mare to the west and southwest of the crater.Bancroft was previously identified as Archimedes A before being renamed by the IAU.
 3 is a 1971 Norwegian drama film directed by Nicole Macé starring Per Tofte Tone Schwarzott Hanne Løye and Anne Marie Ottersen. It deals with a polyamorous relationship between a man and two women.
 Soumya Ranjan Patnaik (born 18 August 1952) is an industrialist politician and Producer. He is the founder and editor of Oriya daily Sambad. He was elected to 11th Lok Sabha from Bhubaneswar (Lok Sabha constituency) on Indian National Congress ticket. After he was expelled from Congress he floated a new political party 'Aama Odisha Party' (AOP).He is married to Sudatta Patnaik daughter of Janaki Ballabh Patnaik and Jayanti Patnaik.
 Babylonia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Babyloniidae.
 Baby and Me (Japanese: 赤ちゃんと僕 Hepburn: Aka-chan to Boku) is a shōjo manga by Marimo Ragawa. It was originally published in Japan by Hakusensha and was published in English by Viz Media serialized in the magazine Shojo Beat. It received the 40th Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo in 1995. The series was adapted as an anime television series in 1996. Some episodes were dubbed in Arabic.Baby and Me describes the detailed lifestyle of an elementary child and is highly praised in many aspects.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 11 families.
 Ki l'ambouba is a 1970 Tunisian film.
 Hastula solida common name the solid auger is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Fred S.
 Cruel and Unusual is a four-issue American comic book mini-series created in 1999 by Jamie Delano and Tom Peyer (writers) John McCrea (penciller) and Andrew Chiu (inker) and published by Vertigo.
 Prince Itō Hirobumi (伊藤 博文 October 16 1841 – October 26 1909 also called Hirofumi/Hakubun and Shunsuke in his youth) was a samurai of Chōshū domain Japanese statesman four time Prime Minister of Japan (the 1st 5th 7th and 10th) genrō and Resident-General of Korea. Itō was assassinated by Korean independence activist An Jung-geun. The politician intellectual and author Suematsu Kenchō was Itō's son-in-law having married his second daughter Ikuko.
 Phaqcha Mayu (Quechua phaqcha waterfall mayu river waterfall river also spelled Pajcha Mayu) is a Bolivian river in the Cochabamba Department Arani Province Vacas Municipality and in the Carrasco Province Pocona Municipality. It originates near Vacas. From the lake Pilawit'u it flows southeast. Downstream south of Pocona it is also known under the name Ch'akiri.
 Sir John Macpherson 1st Baronet (ca. 1745 – 12 January 1821) from Sleat Isle of Skye Scotland was a Scottish administrator in India. He was the acting Governor-General of India from 1785 to 1786.
 Fakir Aziz ud-Din (Punjabi: ਫ਼ਕੀਰ ਅਜ਼ੀਜ਼ੁਦ੍ਦੀਨ/فکرعزیزادیں) was physician linguist diplomat and foreign minister at the court of Mahārājā Raṇjīt Siṅgh He was a Muslim one of many non-Sikhs in Ranjit Singh's secular government of the Sikh Empire.He was the eldest son of Hakīm Ghulām Mohy ud-Dīn and had two brothers Nūr ud-Dīn and Imām ud-Dīn. Both had senior military posts in the empire. He was apprenticed as a physician and was originally known by the title Hakīm (physician).
 Snowbank Glacier is in the Beartooth Mountains U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated at an elevation of 10600 feet (3200 m) above sea level and is immediately east of Snowbank Mountain. The glacier is in two sections a west and east lobe each about equal in area at 60 acres (0.24 km2). A proglacial lake can be found at the northern terminus of the west lobe.
 Dendrophleps is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Scotia is a village in Schenectady County New York United States incorporated in 1904. The population was 7729 at the 2010 census. Scotia is part of the town of Glenville and is connected with the city of Schenectady by the Western Gateway Bridge over the Mohawk River.
 Forgotten Ellis Island is a documentary film directed by Lorie Conway and narrated by Elliott Gould. A book of the same name by Lorie Conway designed by Judith Stagnitto Abbate was published by Smithsonian Books in 2007. The film took 9 years to produce and was supported by three grants from the National Endowment for the Humanities. It portrays the story of the Ellis Island Immigrant Hospital. The work premiered on the Public Broadcasting Service on February 9 2009.
 Chew Your Heart is the debut album from Canadian indie rock band Moufette. The album was released in 2005 on High Tigh Records. The album was rereleased as a digital download in October 2007.
 Doi Toshitsura (土井 利位 June 15 1789 – July 31 1848) was a Japanese daimyo of the Edo period who ruled the Koga Domain. He served as a rōjū in the Tokugawa shogunate.
 Dr.
 Cattenbroek is a village in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is a part of the municipality of Montfoort and lies about 4 km east of Woerden.The statistical area Cattenbroek which can also include the surrounding countryside has a population of approximately 80.
 Fort Edward is a village in Washington County New York United States. It is part of the Glens Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area. The village population was 3375 at the 2010 census. The name is derived from the younger brother of King George III Edward Augustus Duke of York and Albany.The village is part of the town of Fort Edward.
 Rajasthan Patrika (Hindi: राजस्थान पत्रिका) is a Hindi-language daily newspaper published from Jaipur Jodhpur Bikaner Udaipur Kota and other cities of Rajasthan and from major Indian cities such as Bhopal Indore Jabalpur Raipur Ahmedabad Gwalior Kolkata Chennai New Delhi and Bangalore.
 Li Fung-ying SBS MBE JP (Chinese: 李鳳英) (born 2 December 1950 in Hong Kong) is a trades unionist in Hong Kong. She is the third vice-chairperson of the Federation of Hong Kong and Kowloon Labour Unions the third largest trade union in Hong Kong.
 À Suivre or A SUIVRE (English translation: To Be Continued) was a Franco-Belgian comics magazine published from February 1978 to December 1997 by the Casterman publishing house.
 The Kovik River (French: Rivière Kovik) is a river on the Arctic tundra in Nunavik Quebec Canada. In some maps and publications name of the river is spelled Kovic.
 The Patrick Piggot House also known as Angola Lodge is located on Angola Road just east of US 9W in Cornwall New York United States. It has gone from being a farmhouse to a summer boardinghouse back to a private dwelling once again.Piggot and his wife Ellen bought the property from local landowner Henry Chedeayne in 1869. That summer they contracted with Mead and Taft to build a farmhouse.
 Tarzan is a 1999 American animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 The Olivaceous Piha (Snowornis cryptolophus) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family. It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru. In regards to population density and range this species is not considered vulnerable.
 Zahrah the Windseeker (Houghton Mifflin Sept 2005) written by Nnedi Okorafor is one of a very small handful of young adult fantasy novels that incorporate the myths and folklore and culture of West Africa. It is the winner of the 2008 Wole Soyinka Prize for Literature in Africa. Okorafor was born in the United States to two Nigerian (Igbo) parents.
 The Château de Grèzes is a ruined 17th century castle in the commune of Grèzes in the Lozère département of France.
 Maladera is a genus in the beetle family Scarabaeidae containing species such as Maladera insanabilis and Maladera castanea.
 Liikva is a village in Harku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 280 (as of 1 June 2010).Liikva was first mentioned in 1241 as Liqua village in the Danish Census Book.
 The Argen is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany. It flows into Lake Constance between Kressbronn am Bodensee and Langenargen as the third largest tributary to the lake. It is 23.4 km long; if one includes the Upper Argen the combined length is 51.4 km.
 Acropteromma is a subgenus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Panhandle Hills are a mountain range in Siskiyou County California.
 Unsound Methods is the third Recoil studio album released in 1997. It was recorded at Alan Wilder's home studio The Thin Line in Sussex during sessions that lasted from September 1996 to March 1997. The album was produced by Alan Wilder with assistance and coordination by Hepzibah Sessa and additional production and engineering by Steve Lyon.
 Thappu Thalangal (English: Wrong Notes) is a 1978 Tamil feature film directed by K. Balachander and produced by R. Venkataraman starring Rajinikanth Saritha and Premila Joshi in the lead roles. Kamal Haasan made a special appearance in the film. It was made simultaneously and released in Kannada as Thappida Thaala. The film is a saga of emotional and selfish world of human feelings.
 The Springer Building at 121 Tijeras Ave. NE in Albuquerque New Mexico was built in 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was designed by architect George M. Williamson.
 Eidolon I is a 2006 speculative fiction anthology edited by Jonathan Strahan and Jeremy G. Byrne.
 Nettastoma falcinaris is an eel in the family Nettastomatidae (duckbill/witch eels). It was described by Nikolai Vasilyevich Parin and Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya in 1985.
 Erebus gemmans is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Asia including the Bangladesh Bhutan and Thailand.The wingspan is 62–82 mm.
 Grmljani (Cyrillic: Грмљани) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Half a Bride is a 1928 American silent romance film directed by Gregory La Cava and starring Esther Ralston Gary Cooper and William Worthington. Based on the short story White Hands by Arthur Stringer and written by Doris Anderson Percy Heath and Julian Johnson the film is about an impulsive thrill-seeking heiress who announces to her father that she entered into a companionate marriage with one of her party friends.
 Opatrini is a tribe of darkling beetles (Tenebrionidae) in the subfamily Tenebrioninae.
 Elke Sleurs (born 6 February 1968 in Ghent) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. She was elected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2010.
 Go Long Mule is an album by Uncle Dave Macon that was released in 1972.
 The Seventies Story is a 2002 album by pop group Brotherhood of Man. It is based on a live stage show the group had undertaken at the time.
 Arabhavi-Dhavalatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Diário de Noite (Evening Diary) was a Portuguese language daily newspaper published from Panjim Goa. The first issue was published on 1 December 1919. Luís de Menezes Bragança (1878-1938) was the founding editor of the newspaper. Diário de Noite had its offices in São Tomé Panjim. It gained a wide Goan readership and dealt with the events in the Indian mainland as well as Goan cultural issues.Diário de Noite continued publication after the annexation of Goa by India.
 Tum: A Dangerous Obsession (Hindi: तुम) is a Bollywood Hindi film released in February 2004. It stars Manisha Koirala Rajat Kapoor and Karan Nath in the lead roles.
 Folksy Nina is an album by singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone (1933–2003). It includes live tracks recorded on 12 May 1963 at Carnegie Hall. The previous album Nina Simone at Carnegie Hall (1963) uses songs from the same concert. It was released on Colpix Records.
 Jacob's Ladder is a 1990 American psychological horror film directed by Adrian Lyne written and produced by Bruce Joel Rubin and starring Tim Robbins Elizabeth Peña and Danny Aiello.
 The Unkissed Bride is a 1966 comedy starring Tommy Kirk.It was also known as Mother Goose-A-Go-Go.
 I Am Cuba (Spanish: Soy Cuba; Russian: Я Куба Ya Kuba) is a 1964 Soviet-Cuban film directed by Mikhail Kalatozov at Mosfilm. The film was not received well by either the Russian or Cuban public and was almost completely forgotten until it was re-discovered by filmmakers in the United States thirty years later.
 Czesławin [t͡ʂɛˈswavin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Błędów 18 km (11 mi) west of Grójec and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Book of Love is a 1990 American [1] romantic comedy film directed by New Line Cinema producer Robert Shaye. It is based on the autobiographical novel Jack in the Box by William Kotzwinkle (the novel's name was changed to Book of Love during this film's original release).The film was originally PG-13 but subsequent DVD releases have been the R-rated Director's Cut (R for sexual content and language). It stars Chris Young Keith Coogan and John Cameron Mitchell.
 Correbidia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 As The Music Plays is the debut album released by Pinoy rock band Bamboo following the return of Bamboo Mañalac in the Philippine music scene after 5 years of hiatus in the USA. Bamboo immediately gained fame for the track Noypi which captivated the hearts of the youth and sparked patriotism in the Philippines. This album contains 10 tracks with 3 in Tagalog namely: Noypi Hudas and Masaya.The initial release of the album used a white cover.
 Hatfield Cemetery is a historic cemetery located near Sarah Ann Logan County West Virginia. The earliest burial dates to 1898 and is the grave of Captain S. Hatfield (1891–1898). The cemetery features the grave and monument with a life-size statue of Captain Anderson Devil Anse Hatfield erected in 1926. It is notable as a burial place for members of the Hatfield family early settlers of the region and participants in the famous Hatfield-McCoy feud during the 19th century.
 Sir Charles Sladen KCMG (28 August 1816 – 22 February 1884) Australian colonial politician was the 6th Premier of Victoria.Sladen was born in England near Walmer Kent the second son of John Baker Sladen deputy-lieutenant of the county. He was educated at Shrewsbury and later at Trinity Hall Cambridge. In 1840 he graduated with a Bachelor of Laws (LLB). He migrated to Australia in 1841 and in February 1842 arrived in the Port Phillip District (later Victoria).
 Willkaqucha (Quechua willka grandchild / great-grandson / lineage / minor god in the Inca culture an image of the Willkanuta valley worshipped as God / holy sacred divine willka or wilka Anadenanthera colubrina (a tree) qucha lake) hispanicized spelling Vilcacocha) is a lake in Peru. It is located in the Lima Region Huaral Province Andamarca District.
 My Degeneration is the fourth studio album by the punk rock band Flashlight Brown. It is the band's first major-label release.This album came to be after Rob Cavallo contacted the band during one of their many tours of Canada. Cavallo was interested in recording two songs with the band but this quickly turned into an entire album.
 Delevan is a village in Cattaraugus County New York United States. The population was 1089 at the 2000 census.The Village of Delevan lies inside the Town of Yorkshire
 Kępina [kɛmˈpina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuliszków within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Tuliszków 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Turek and 100 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 80.
 Vangara is a village in Bheemadevarpalle mandal in Karimnagar district of Andhra Pradesh India. Current assembly constituency is Husnabad. Current MLA is Sri Algireddy Praveen Reddy (Present president of Mulkanoor Co-op Bank). Vangara is well connected with Warangal Hyderabad and Karimnagar. It got AP Girls Residencey School during P.V. Narasimha Rao's rule. It is famous as the hometown of P. V. Narasimha Rao a former Prime Minister of India.
 St. Patrick’s Co-Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral in Billings Montana United States. Along with St. Ann’s Cathedral in Great Falls Montana it is the seat of the Diocese of Great Falls-Billings.
 Francis Lovett Carter-Cotton (October 11 1843 – November 20 1919) was a Canadian newspaperman politician and businessman.Born in Shoreditch (London) England the son of Francis Cotton and Martha Ann Garrison he was the co-owner and editor of the Vancouver British Columbia Daily News-Advertiser newspaper from 1887 to 1910. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in 1890 and was re-elected in 1894 and 1898.
 Fred Cobain MBE (born 30 April 1946) is a Democratic Unionist Party politician from Northern Ireland and was a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly from 1998 until 2011.
 MeruPuri originally titled MeruPuri: Märchen Prince (めるぷり メルヘン☆プリンス MeruPuri: Maruhen Purinsu Fairy-Tale Prince) is a four-volume manga series by Matsuri Hino.Matsuri Hino burst onto the manga scene with her title Kono Yume ga Sametara (When This Dream Is Over) which was published in LaLa DX magazine. Hino became a manga artist a mere nine months after she decided to become one.
 Félix Adolphe Éboué (26 December 1884 – 17 March 1944) was a Black French (French Guianan-born) colonial administrator and Free French leader. He was the first black French man appointed to high post in the French colonies when appointed as Governor of Guadeloupe in 1936.
 St. John's Church Wroxall is a parish church in the Church of England located in Wroxall Isle of Wight.
 Avonina is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
 The Yomiuri Shimbun (読売新聞) is a Japanese newspaper published in Tokyo Osaka Fukuoka and other major Japanese cities. It is part of the Yomiuri Group Japan's largest media conglomerate. It is one of the five national newspapers in Japan; the other four are the Asahi Shimbun the Mainichi Shimbun Nihon Keizai Shimbun and the Sankei Shimbun.
 The Keeney House is located on Main Street (New York State Route 5) in Le Roy New York United States. It is a two-story wood frame house dating to the mid-19th century. Inside it has elaborately detailed interiors. It is surrounded by a landscaped front and back yard.Originally it was in the Greek Revival architectural style with more elaborate decoration on its main facade. During the late 19th and early 20th centuries it was home to horticulturist Calvin N.
 Socompa is a large complex stratovolcano at the border of Argentina and Chile. It is best known for its large debris avalanche deposit which is widely accepted as the best-preserved example of this type of deposit in the world and also notable as the home of the world's most elevated known microbial ecosystems.The western rim of the volcano borders the Monturaqui Basin which is draped with the aforementioned deposit.
 375 Pearl Street also known as the Verizon Building and One Brooklyn Bridge Plaza is a 32-story telephone switching building at the Manhattan end of the Brooklyn Bridge.The building which appears windowless but has several 3-foot-wide slits (0.91 m) (some with glass) running up the building is featured in most photos of the bridge from the Brooklyn side. Verizon operations include a small DMS-100 switching system and a Switching Control Center System.
 Jaani Dyakha Hawbe is a 2011 Bengali film directed by Birsa Dasgupta and produced under the banner of Cine Nine. The film features actors Parambrata Chatterjee and Payel Sarkar in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Indradeep Dasgupta.
 Col du Grand Cucheron at an elevation of 1188 metres (3898 ft) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Savoie in France. The pass crosses the northern end of the Belledonne massif connecting the Maurienne and Isère valleys. The climb to the col was used on Stage 12 of the 2012 Tour de France.
 Johnson City Square Deal Arch is a historic welcome arch located at Johnson City in Broome County New York. It is one of two identical arches erected in 1920 in Johnson City and in nearby Endicott known as the Endicott Square Deal Arch. It was constructed by Endicott-Johnson Shoe Company employees to honor George F. Johnson (1857–1948) their highly respected employer and benefactor.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Euthyone grisescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Jacque Peak elevation 13211 ft (4027 m) is a summit in the Gore Range of central Colorado. The peak is in the White River National Forest southwest of Copper Mountain in Summit County.
 Ustadz Wahab M. Akbar (April 16 1960 – November 13 2007) was a Filipino politician who served three terms as governor of Basilan during which time he was known for his eye for an eye tooth for a tooth policy for dealing with kidnappers and terrorists in the province. He was later elected as congressman for the lone district of Basilan in the House of Representatives but was one of 4 people killed in a bomb attack at the Batasang Pambansa.
 Notre musique (Our Music) is a 2004 film directed by Jean-Luc Godard. The film reflects on violence morality and the representation of violence in film and touches especially on past colonialism and the current Israeli-Palestinian conflict. It was screened out of competition at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 Angus L.K. McKelvey (born in 1968 in Honolulu Hawaii) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Hawaii House of Representatives since January 2007 representing District 10.
 Hot Rod Girls Save The World is a 2008 B-Movie written and directed by D.A. Sebasstian.
 The Hooper House also known as Hooper House II located in Bare Hills in Baltimore County Maryland was commissioned by philanthropist Edith Hooper and designed by architects Marcel Breuer and Herbert Beckhard. Breuer had designed an addition to the Hoopers' prior home in Baltimore in 1948; this is often referred to as Hooper House I which is why this newer residence is often called Hooper House II. Ground was broken on the project in 1959 and the house was completed in 1960.
 Dewahandiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 St John's Cathedral is a whitewashed cathedral with twin spires located to the north of Kuala Lumpur the capital city of Malaysia. It is the Mother Church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kuala Lumpur and the seat of its Archbishop Murphy Nicholas Xavier Pakiam. It was opened in 1883 making it one of the oldest buildings in Kuala Lumpur. January 8th is the anniversary of its dedication.St John's Cathedral is located next to St.
 Cloverdale Mall is a community shopping centre located in the Etobicoke area of Toronto Canada at 250 The East Mall (intersection of Dundas Street West and Highway 427). It opened in 1956 as an open air shopping plaza on what was part of the Eatonville farm and is now one of the oldest enclosed shopping centres in Toronto's west end.
 Igor Lukšič (born 3 December 1961) is a Slovenian political scientist politician and president of the Slovenian Social Democrats since June 2012. Between November 2008 and February 2012 he served as Minister of Education in the center-left government of Borut Pahor. Lukšič was born in Novo Mesto Slovenia then part of former Yugoslavia. He obtained his PhD at the University of Ljubljana in 1993.
 The Western Clubtail (Gomphus pulchellus) is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae. It is found in Western Europe although absent in the British isles. Its natural habitat are clean ponds and canals clay and mud holes.The species is 47–50 mm long.
 Florabach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Ramphotyphlops depressus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Whale Lake is a lake in Cook County in what is known as the Arrowhead Region of northern Minnesota. It is within the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness of the Superior National Forest at the base of Eagle Mountain Minnesota's highest point. Two miles (3 km) from the nearest road Whale Lake is only accessible via the Eagle Mountain Hiking Trail from the south or the Brule Lake Trail from the north west.
 Monophlebidae is a family of scale insects commonly known as the giant scales or monophlebids. They occur in most parts of the world but more genera are found in the tropics than elsewhere.
 Tamia is the self-titled debut studio album by Canadian Contemporary R&B recording artist Tamia released on April 14 1998 on Qwest Records and distributed through Warner Bros. Records. It features the singles Imagination So Into You and Loving You Still. The remake of Careless Whisper was released as a single in Japan and the album also includes her Grammy-nominated debut You Put a Move On My Heart as a bonus track.
 El Charco (Santiago del Estero) is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Chappell Hill Circulating Library is a historic library on Cedar Street in Chappell Hill Texas.It was built in 1912 in a Colonial Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 20 1985.
 Sex Freak was the first EP released by singer and drag queen RuPaul. It was released exclusively on a 12 vinyl by Atlanta-based label Funtone Records. The EP features typical 1980s techno/dance tracks with mostly spoken word vocals. The EP was released on CD in 2007 also by Funtone Records.
 Everything Louder is the tenth studio album by the English heavy metal band Raven released in 1997.
 Blick am Abend is a German free evening newspaper published in Switzerland and based in Zürich.
 The Gold Coast Twin Towers (also called E1 and E2 (Evo 1 and Evo 2) is a proposed building project located in Surfers Paradise the tourism hub in Gold Coast Australia with proposed heights of 320m and 340m (70 and 101 floors). E1 will be a residential tower though E2 will probably contain office space.E1 (the taller tower) would feature a roof-top garden revolving garden restaurant and four sky gardens as well as a skybridge connecting the two towers similar to the Petronas Towers.
 Siddhipur is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5322 living in 980 individual households.
 The U.S. Post Office—Yuma Main also known as Yuma Main Post Office or Yuma Downtown Postal Annex is the former main post office serving Yuma Arizona. The post office was constructed in 1933. The building's design a work of architect Roy Place is a blend of the Beaux Arts and Spanish Colonial Revival styles.
 The Pyramid also called Pyramid Dome is a young lava dome on the northeast flank of Mount Edziza in British Columbia Canada. It is on the northeastern edge of the Tencho Glacier and represents several different styles of volcanic activity on the Mount Edziza complex. It is in the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province and last erupted during the Pleistocene period.
 Vedi (Tamil: வெடி; English: Firecracker) is a Tamil action film directed by Prabhu Deva featuring Vishal and Sameera Reddy in the lead roles. A remake of the successful 2008 Telugu film Souryam the film was released on 30 September 2011 across 250 screens in Tamil Nadu 62 screens in Kerala and 28 screens in Karnataka Vedi received mixed reviews. It has been dubbed in Hindi as Fighter Mard No.1.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbuszowa within Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Kolbuszowa and 30 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 620.
 Spotless Grass Yellow (Eurema laeta) is a small butterfly of the Family Pieridae (the Yellows and Whites) which is found in India.
 Glyphipterix asterias is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1907. It is found in India (Assam).
 Vaaimai is an upcoming Indian Tamil film written and directed by A. Senthil Kumar a former associate of Vasantha Balan. It has Shanthnu Bhagyaraj's and Muktha Bhanu of Thaamirabharani fame in the lead roles. The film marks the return of ace comedian Goundamani while Thyagarajan Ramki Urvashi Manoj K. Bharathi and Poornima Bhagyaraj are also part of the cast. The film started in February 2013.
 Sar Takht (Persian: سرتخت‎ also Romanized as Sar-e Takht) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 42 families.
 Lazy River is a 1934 American drama film directed by George B. Seitz.
 Tower Street Adult Correctional Centre formerly the General Penitentiary was built to accommodate 650 male inmates but has held over 1700 on occasions.It is operated by the Department of Correctional Services for the Ministry of National Security.
 Ribići is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Maringa river is a river in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The Maringa and the Lopori River to the north join near Basankusu to form the Lulonga River a tributary of the Congo River.The Maringa / Lopori basin contains the Maringa-Lopori-Wamba Landscape an area of great ecological importance.The Ngando people live in the Maringa River area north of Ikela.
 Mordella proxima is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1851.
 George A. Abert (May 10 1817 – October 14 1890) was an American manufacturer and politician. He was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly during the 1800s.
 Lyria exorata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Nemanthus annamensis commonly known as the gorgonian wrapper is a species of sea anemone found in central Indo-Pacific waters.
 Qusha Qeshlaq-e Hasan (Persian: قوشاقشلاق حسن‎ also Romanized as Qūshā Qeshlāq-e Ḩasan) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 È stato il figlio is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Ciprì. The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival. Ciprì won the Osella for Best Cinematography.
 Teodoro Petkoff Malec (born in Bobures Zulia State January 3 1932) is a Venezuelan politician ex-guerrilla journalist and economist. One of the most prominent politicians on the left in Venezuela Petkoff began as a communist but gravitated towards liberalism in the 1990s. As Minister of Planning he oversaw President Rafael Caldera's adoption of neoliberal economic policies in the mid-1990s.
 Fly High is the debut EP by South Korean boy group Infinite's sub-unit Infinite H. The EP was released on January 11 and immediately topped the charts upon release.
 Together is the fifth studio album by English rock band Dave Dee Dozy Beaky Mick & Tich.
 Vlaole is a village in the municipality of Majdanpek Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 767 people.
 Now More Than Ever is an album by Jim Guthrie. It was mastered by George Graves and sequenced by Kristian Galberg. Stephen Evans did the album's artwork.An extended edition featuring a second disc of rarities B-sides and demo versions of some of the album's songs was released in 2010.
 Decca: The Letters of Jessica Mitford is 2006 collection of letters by Jessica Mitford. The book was edited by Peter Y. Sussman and the publisher is Weidenfeld & Nicolson.
 Gannock Castle is located in the village of Tempsford in the county of Bedfordshire England. It is located 6 miles east of Great Barford Castle and 9 miles east of Bedford Castle.
 Róża [ˈruʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Dębica and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1400.
 Michael Daniel Higgins (Irish: Mícheál D. Ó hUiginn; born 18 April 1941) is the ninth and current President of Ireland having taken office on 11 November 2011 following victory in the 2011 Irish presidential election. Higgins is a politician poet sociologist author and broadcaster. He was the President of the Labour Party from 2003 until his resignation following his election as President of Ireland.
 Rim of the Canyon is a 1949 American Western film directed by John English and starring and co-produced by Gene Autry; featuring Nan Leslie and Thurston Hall. Based on the short story Phantom .45's Talk Loud by Joseph Chadwick the film is about a horse stolen by escaped convicts and the cowboy who pursues them to a ghost town inhabited by a ghost.
 Ukukhanya Kwelanga was the fifth studio release by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. It is notable as being the first religious album recorded by the group following leader and director Joseph Shabalala's conversion to Christianity.
 Hellinsia pseudobarbata is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The wingspan is 17 mm. The forewings are grey‑brown with black‑brown markings. The hindwings and fringes are brown‑grey. Adults are on wing in October in mountainous terrain at 1400 m.
 The Moluccan Drongo-Cuckoo (Surniculus musschenbroeki) is a species of cuckoo. It is found on Sulawesi and Halmahera islands.
 A Joyful Noise is an album of Christmas music released by American country music artist Jo Dee Messina. Her first Christmas album it was released in 2002 on Curb Records. Its title track peaked at #16 on the Billboard Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts in 2002.
 ≈Nawa-i-Waqt (Urdu: روزنامہ نوائے وقت‎) is an Urdu daily newspaper in Pakistan. It was launched on March 23 1940 under the leadership of Hameed Nizami. His younger brother Majid Nizami is the current owner-editor. It is one of the most influential newspapers in the country. It has a special position in Pakistan's media as the guardian of Pakistan's ideology with well-established center-right and nationalist credentials.
 Tony Rice is an album by American guitarist Tony Rice released in 1977.
 Loch Lomond is a lake of Richmond County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Dave McAlpin is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives representing District 94 since 2004. He currently serves as Minority Whip.
 Pseudagrion torridum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae. It is found in Burkina Faso Ivory Coast Egypt Ethiopia Ghana Guinea Kenya Mali Nigeria Senegal Sudan Tanzania Uganda and Zambia. Its natural habitats are freshwater lakes and freshwater marshes.
 Midnight of the Century is the debut album of Brooklyn band Blacklist. It was released in 2009 on independent record label Wierd Records. The title is a reference to a book by Victor Serge.
 The Cool War is a science fiction novel by Frederik Pohl published in 1981 by Del Rey Books.
 Adam is a 1983 American television film which aired on October 10 1983 on NBC. On its original air date it was seen by an audience of 38 million people. It was rebroadcast on April 30 1984 and again on April 29 1985. At the end of each broadcast of the film a series of missing children's photographs and descriptions were displayed on the screen for viewers and a number was given to call if a viewer had information about them.
 Orchestra of Wolves is the debut album by English Hardcore punk band Gallows. Produced by Banks of fellow Hertfordshire band Haunts released by In at the Deep End Records on 25 September 2006. A limited edition was re-issued in the United Kingdom in June 2007 with a bonus disc featuring live session tracks two new songs and two covers.
 Willis Presbyterian Church and Cemetery also known as Grace Baptist Church is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery in Willis Floyd County Virginia. It was built in 1954 and is one of six rock churches founded by Bob Childress and built between 1919 and the early 1950s. The building consists of a one-story gable-fronted rectangular form with a roughly square Gothic Revival bell tower on the building’s northeast corner.
 The Museum of Innocence (Turkish: Masumiyet Müzesi) is a museum in the Çukurcuma neighbourhood of the Beyoğlu district in Istanbul Turkey. Turkish Nobel laureate Orhan Pamuk created the museum in conjunction with his eponymous novel. The museum and the novel were created in tandem centered around the stories of two Istanbul families. The narrative and the museum offer a glimpse into upper-class Istanbul life from the 1970s to the early 2000s.
 Pench river is flowing from the Pench National Park one of the tiger project of India.Pench River is starting in Chhindwara district Madhya Pradesh and create Pench Valley before entering in the national park.On Pench River two big dam has built which not only supply water to Nagpur city but also big termal power plant near Nagpur.
 Slieve Muck (/ˌsliːv ˈmʌk/ SLEEV MUK; from Irish: Sliabh Muc meaning pig mountain) is one of the Mourne Mountains in County Down Northern Ireland. It has a height of 674 metres (2211 ft). Its summit overlooks Spelga Dam and the Deer's Meadow the source of the River Bann.
 Collecter's Edition Slipcase (also printed as Collector's Edition Slipcase) is a box set collection of three previous albums and an exclusive double live album from the progressive metal band Opeth.
 Boulder Lake is located in the Olympic National Park in Washington. It is accessible by the Olympic Hot Springs Trail and the Appleton Pass trail. The hike is about 12 miles (19 km) round trip and has about a 2500-foot (760 m) elevation gain. At the lake there are a few camp sites and a bear wire to hang food. The lake lies at the base of Boulder Peak.
 Gholam Ali (Persian: غلامعلي‎ also Romanized as Gholām ʿAlī and Gholām‘alī; also known as Gholām) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 423 in 69 families.
 Tonna tankervillii is a very large species of sea snail or tun snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tonnidae the tun shells.
 The Ulysses S. Grant Home in Galena Illinois is the former home of Ulysses S. Grant the Civil War general and later 18th President of the United States. The home was designed by William Dennison and constructed in 1859 - 1860. The home was given to Grant by residents of Galena in 1865 as thanks for his war service and has been maintained as a memorial to Grant since 1904.
 The Ephrata Cloister or Ephrata Community was a religious community established in 1732 by Johann Conrad Beissel at Ephrata in what is now Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The grounds of the community are now owned by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and are administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission.Marie Kachel Bucher the last surviving resident of the Ephrata Cloister died on July 27 2008 at the age of 98.
 John Crowell (September 15 1801 – March 8 1883) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
 Reed Scowen (born June 13 1931 in Sherbrooke Quebec) is a Canadian business executive author and politician born and living in the province of Quebec.Scowen graduated from Bishop's University in Quebec's Eastern Townships and later took a degree in administration from Harvard University. In 1972 he attended the London School of Economics For 18 years Scowen was President and General Manager of the Canadian paper company Perkins. He has served on the Boards of a number of public companies.
 Richard Steere Aldrich (February 29 1884 – December 25 1941) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives and served in the Rhode Island State Senate and the Rhode Island House of Representatives.
 Back For Another Taste was the 7th Helix studio album and 8th album altogether. It was also their last album of their original Capitol Records contract. In a fall 1987 interview on MuchMusic with Erica Ehm lead vocalist Brian Vollmer jokingly stated that this album would be titled Blood Sweat & Beer.
 Ultime lettere di Jacopo Ortis (Last letters of Jacopo Ortis) is an epistolary novel written by Ugo Foscolo between 1798 and 1802. A second edition with major changes was published by Foscolo in Zurich (1816) and a third one in London (1817).The model was Goethe's novel The Sorrows of Young Werther (German: Die Leiden des jungen Werthers 1774). Another influence is Rousseau's Julie or the New Heloise (French: Julie ou la nouvelle Héloïse 1761).
 Ryūsenji (瀧泉寺) also known as Meguro Fudō (目黒不動 Black-eyed Fudō) is a Tendai Buddhist temple in Meguro Tokyo Japan.The name of the surrounding district of Meguro derives its name from Ryūsenji's black-eyed statue of Meguro Fudō (Black-eyed Fudō-myōō one of five protective Fudō-myōō statues placed at strategic points on the outskirts of Edo the new capital of the Tokugawa shogunate in the early seventeenth century by the abbot Tenkai advisor to Tokugawa Ieyasu.
 Murdi (Persian: موردي‎ also Romanized as Mūrdī; also known as Mūrd) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 19 families.
 Bądecz [ˈbɔndɛt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysoka within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wysoka 25 km (16 mi) east of Piła and 92 km (57 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Daniel Frederick Chittenden Soucek is a Republican member of the North Carolina Senate representing the State's 45th district which includes Alleghany Ashe Avery Caldwell and Watauga counties. He is serving his second term having served in the North Carolina Senate since 2010.
 Pacific Ocean Blue is Dennis Wilson's only solo album released in 1977. It was the first solo album released by a member of the Beach Boys and when released was both warmly received critically and noted for outselling the Beach Boys' contemporary efforts.
 Olszewko [ɔlˈʂɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuczbork-Osada within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kuczbork-Osada 10 km (6 mi) east of Żuromin and 114 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Shut Up and Dance: The Dance Mixes was a Paula Abdul remix album released in 1990. It contains dance remixes of the six hit singles from Forever Your Girl one remixed album track and one medley.
 James 'Jim' F. Dill is an American politician and professor from Maine. A Democrat Dill was first elected to the Maine House of Representatives in 2010. He was re-elected two years later in 2012. He also served as Chair of the RSU 34 School Board which represents his residence in Old Town Maine as well as the towns of Alton and Bradley.In 2013 Dill was appointed Chair of the Joint Standing Committee on Agriculture Conservation and Forestry.
 Bellissima! is a 1988 album by the Japanese group Pizzicato Five.
 Bay Ja Cycle Tay (Punjabi: بے جا سائیکل تے) is third pop music album released and produced by Pakistani singer Abrar-ul-Haq. It was released after Majajani in 1999.
 Too Big to Fail: The Inside Story of How Wall Street and Washington Fought to Save the Financial System—and Themselves also known as Too Big to Fail: Inside the Battle to Save Wall Street is a non-fiction book by Andrew Ross Sorkin chronicling the events of the 2008 financial crisis and the collapse of Lehman Brothers from the point of view of Wall Street CEOs and US government regulators.
 Church of the Holy First Martyr Stephen (Serbian: Црква светог Првомученика Стефана) better known as the Lazarica Church (Црква Лазарица) is a Serbian Orthodox church in Kruševac Serbia. It was built in 1375-1378 as an endowment of prince Lazar of Serbia. Lazarica as an outstanding achievement of the Serbian medieval architecture was declared a Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance in 1979 and it is protected by the Republic of Serbia.
 Megalagrion oceanicum is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae that is endemic to the island of Oʻahu in Hawaii. It inhabits rivers in the Waiʻanae and Koʻolau ranges. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Shops at Mary Brickell Village is a lifestyle center located in the Brickell neighborhood of Miami Florida. It has become a very popular downtown destination bringing new stores and eateries to the area.
 Kalateh-ye Jafar (Persian: كلاته جعفر‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Jaʿfar) is a village in Radkan Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 14 families.
 Thymelicus is a Palearctic genus in the skipper butterfly family Hesperiidae. It is the only member of the tribe Thymelini but many skipper butterflies are yet to be assigned to tribes so this might change eventually.
 Hojjatabad (Persian: حجت اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩojjatābād) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Glocester Town Pound is a historic site on Pound Road and Chopmist Hill Road in Glocester Rhode Island.The stone pound was built in 1748 to confine stray livestock and is allegedly the oldest extant pound in America. It was added to the National Historic Register in 1970.
 Lalchandra or Lal Chandra Kol (born 12 July 1949) is an Indian politician. He stood for the 2004 Lok Sabha elections on the BSP ticket becoming a Member of Parliament from Robertsganj.
 The Story So Far is a compilation album released by pop group Bucks Fizz. It collected together 18 of the group's biggest hits spanning the years 1981 to 1988 including their three number ones.
 The Administration Building at Randolph Air Force Base is headquarters for the 12th Flying Training Wing and located at Schertz northeast of San Antonio county of Bexar in the U.S. state of Texas. The building is referred to as the Taj Mahal or simply the Taj. It is Building 100 on the base and was erected in 1931 at a cost of $252027.50. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Jeffrey Pullicino Orlando (born Sliema Malta 27 November 1963) is a former Maltese member of parliament currently serving as the chairman of the Malta Council for Science and Technology.
 Table Mountain is a mountain located in Ulster County New York. The mountain is part of the Catskill Mountains.Table Mountain is flanked to the south by Peekamoose Mountain and to the northeast by Lone Mountain. The east end of Table Mountain drains into Rondout Creek thence into the Hudson River and into New York Bay. The south side of Table Mtn. drains into Bear Hole Brook thence into Rondout Creek. The west end of Table Mtn.
 Sir Catchick Paul Chater CMG (Chinese: 遮打; 8 September 1846 – 27 May 1926) was a prominent British businessman of Armenian descent in colonial Hong Kong.
 Betan is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2644 people living in 407 individual households.
 Crenavolva virgo is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Charles Edward Turner (September 13 1886 – March 5 1936) real estate developer was mayor of Dallas from 1932–1935.
 Łączkowice [wɔnt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłowice within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Masłowice 29 km (18 mi) east of Radomsko and 84 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 LaSalle Detention Center is a detention facility of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement operated by the GEO Group and located on 830 Pinehill Road about two miles northwest of downtown Jena La Salle Parish Louisiana. The prison admitted its first prisoners in 2007 and has a capacity of 1160.
 Cauchas discalis is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Braun in 1925. It is found in California.
 Highballing to Victory is a short US propaganda film made toward the end of World War II about the importance of material and transportation in the war effort.After some stylized art deco opening credits the film begins with a shot of Hitler and scenes from Nazi rallies and early conquests in Europe. In 1940 Germany set out to dominate Europe the narrator begins.
 Identity (French: L'Identité) is a novel by Franco-Czech writer Milan Kundera published in 1998. It is possibly his most traditional novel in terms of narrative structure. It's also one of his shortest novels.The phrase masturbating fetus appears to have been coined in this novel.
 Monocentris japonicus is a pinecone fish of the family Monocentridae found in the tropical Indo-West Pacific oceans at depths of between 2 and 100m and can be found on both rocky and coral reefs. It grows to around 17cm this fish is encased with large scales and it has a light producing organ on the side of its lower jaw the purpose of with is not known. Many theorize that it helps it to see at night or to attract prey. The light from this organ is produced by luminescent bacteria.
 Hamilton Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Micrixalus is a genus of frogs from that are endemic to India. They are monotypic within family Micrixalidae. Before being raised to the family level it was considered to be subfamily Micrixalinae in Ranidae. Both the genus and the family are sometimes known by the ambiguous common name tropical frogs.The family is characterized by having a pectoral girdle that is firmisternal and tadpoles having a single row of labial teeth. They are found in riverine habitats in forests.
 The Aniliidae are a monotypic family created for the monotypic genus Anilius that contains the single species A. scytale. Common names include false coral snake and pipe snake. It is found in South America. This snake possesses a vestigial pelvic girdle that is visible as a pair of cloacal spurs. It is ovoviviparous. Its diet consists mainly of amphibians and other reptiles. Currently two subspecies are recognized including the typical form described here.
 Richard R. Dick Jones (September 5 1910 – August 20 2008) was a trucking executive from Cody and Powell in Park County Wyoming who served in his state's House of Representatives and Senate from 1955 to 1974. He was the unsuccessful Republican gubernatorial nominee in the nationally Democratic year of 1974. A conservative Jones was allied with the Ronald W. Reagan political faction in Wyoming.
 Poknapham is the most-read Manipuri language newspaper from Imphal Manipur in India. Poknapham means Birth Place in Manipuri. It is owned and published by Gurumayum Shantikumari Devi from Keishampat Thiyam Leirak Imphal and printed by her at Padma Printers Imphal. A Robindro Sharma is the Editors .Started in the year 1975 the daily is now published from Imphal Manipur The online version of Poknapham was launched in June 2008 and is the first Manipuri language newspaper to go online.
 One Night Stand is a compilation of a live concert given on November 8 1947 at The Town Hall in New York City. The concert featured Sarah Vaughan and Lester Young. The album was released in 1997. Lester Young is a tenor saxophonist who played with the Count Basie Band in the 1930s and 1940s. It is with this group that he first recorded the first copy of Lester Leaps In(the first track on One Night Stand) in 1939.
 Ramón Briones Luco (1872–1949) was a Chilean lawyer and radical politician. He was born in Chimbarongo on December 6 1872 and died in Johannesburg on 16 August 1949. He was the son of Francisco Javier Arriagada and Doña Lucinda Briones Luco Avaria. He married Camila Carvajal Miranda.
 The Reader is Warned is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a whodunit and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale.
 Fascination is a 1979 film directed by Jean Rollin who is famous for his vampire films and films of a dream-like quality.
 Iron Mountain Depot is John Hartford's sixth and final album issued by RCA Victor. Originally issued in 1970 like all of his RCA recordings it was reissued in 2002. In the reissue package Iron Mountain Depot is combined with his fifth album John Hartford and a seventh unreleased album of RCA material Radio John.
 Saint Seiya - Saintia Shō (聖闘士星矢・セインティア翔 Seinto Seiya - Seintia Shō) is a manga series by Chimaki Kuori a spin-off of the classic Saint Seiya manga created written and illustrated by Masami Kurumada.Kuori is known by her work on the manga adaptation of the Gundam Wing anime and in the Kimi no Kaeru Bashō manga series. Saintia Shō has been scheduled to start serialization in september 2013 its prologue will be featured in that month's issue of Akita Shoten's Champion Red magazine.
 Split Mountain (13161 ft (4011 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Split Mountain is the 22nd highest peak in Wyoming. Split Mountain is in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest and is about .70 mi (1.13 km) northwest of Twin Peaks and 1 mi (1.6 km) southeast of Mount Whitecap. Mammoth Glacier is on the northeast slopes of the peak while the smaller Baby Glacier flows down from a spur to the northwest.
 Black Tusk is a stratovolcano and a pinnacle of volcanic rock in Garibaldi Provincial Park of British Columbia Canada. At 2319 m (7608 ft) above sea level the upper spire is visible from a great distance in all directions. It is particularly noticeable from the Sea-to-Sky Highway just south of Whistler British Columbia. Distinctive and immediately identifiable the Black Tusk is among the best known mountains in the Garibaldi Ranges of the Coast Mountains.
 Acidromodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Eugene Gene Levy (December 1 1926 – July 12 1990) was a member of the New York State Senate for the 38th District covering all of Rockland County and parts of Orange County New York. He was elected to the New York State Senate in 1984 where he remained for three terms.During his undefeated political career Senator Levy was elected into office 13 times. Before he was elected to the New York State Senate Levy was twice elected as councilman of the town of Ramapo New York.
 Sévère Dumoulin (February 4 1829 – May 17 1910) was a politician from Quebec Canada.
 Indooroopilly Shopping Centre is a major regional shopping centre in the western suburb of Indooroopilly which is located in the city of Brisbane Queensland Australia. It is the largest shopping centre in the western suburbs of Brisbane by gross lettable area and contains the only Myer store in that region.
 Cadlina pacifica is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 The Beatles: The Fab Four Who Dominated Pop Music for a Decade is a 1975 biography compiled by Robert Burt more popular for its 1983 revision (ISBN 0-907812-27-9). The book describes in depth the story of The Beatles from early Beatle days to their 1970 break-up as well as individual biographies for their solo years. The book was published in 1975 by Octopus Books and in 1983 by Treasure Press. The book also glimpses at their film career with pictures and descriptions of each film.
 Loveaholic (Thai: โคตรรักเอ็งเลย or Khoht-rak-eng-loei) is a 2006 Thai romantic comedy film directed by Ping Lumpraploeng and starring Thai comedian Udom Taephanit.
 Il frullo del passero also known as The Sparrow's Fluttering is a 1988 Italian romance drama film directed by Gianfranco Mingozzi.The theme song Felicità by Lucio Dalla and Mauro Malavasi won the David di Donatello for best original song.
 Wołczenica is a river of Poland. It flows into the Zatoka Cicha (Quiet Bay known as Die Maad before 1949) formed by the Dziwna River.
 Stori Telling stylized as sTORI TELLING is a 2008 book by Tori Spelling and Hilary Liftin. Published in March by September it had risen to #1 on the New York Times Best Seller list for hardcover non-fiction books. In 2009 the book was awarded Bravo TV's A-List Award as the best celebrity autobiography of the year.
 Nobunaga Concerto (信長協奏曲 Nobunaga Kyōsōkyoku) is a Japanese manga series by Ayumi Ishii.
 Lisok (Ukrainian: Лісок) is a village (selo) in Busk Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. It was established in 1021. The village has 360 inhabitants.
 Neoeudalia nigra is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Neoeudalia.
 The Phoenix is a weekly British children's comics anthology published by David Fickling Books. The comic began on 7 January 2012 with a preview issue (issue Zero) being released in late 2011. The comic is often considered a successor to The DFC: both are published by the same people and many of The Phoenix's creators had worked on The DFC. As of issue 53 The Phoenix has become available worldwide as an iPad application.
 Annette LaPorte Nazareth (born January 27 1956) is an American attorney who served as a Commissioner of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission from August 4 2005 to January 31 2008. She is currently a partner at Davis Polk & Wardwell working on complex regulatory matters and transactions in the firm's Washington D.C. office.
 Yale French Studies is an academic journal published biannually by Yale University Press and connected with the French department at Yale University. It was established in 1948 and is edited by Alyson Waters.
 Carter House in Elkader Iowa also known as W. C. Reimer House is a Greek Revival home built in 1850. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Samuel Livermore (May 14 1732 – May 18 1803) was a U.S. politician. He was a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire from 1793 to 1801 and served as President pro tempore of the United States Senate in 1796 and again in 1799.Livermore was born in Waltham Massachusetts and attended Waltham schools. He graduated from the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University) in 1752 He then studied law was admitted to the bar in 1756 and commenced practice in Waltham.
 Camden Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house located on Commerce Street in Camden Kent County Delaware. It was built in 1805 and is a two-story gambrel-roofed brick building. The roof is punctuated by two shed roofed dormers. The second floor housed a school that operated from 1805 to 1882.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Nezhmar (Persian: نژمار‎ also Romanized as Nezhmār; also known as Nijmār) is a village in Sarkal Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1067 in 239 families.
 Nay (Persian: ناي‎ also Romanized as Nāy) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 862 in 259 families.
 Sir Panaganti Ramarayaningar KCIE (9 July 1866 – 16 December 1928) also known as the Raja of Panagal was a zamindar of Kalahasti a Justice Party leader and the Chief Minister or Premier of Madras Presidency from 11 July 1921 to 3 December 1926.Ramarayaningar was born in Kalahasti on 9 July 1866. He was educated in Madras and obtained degrees in Sanskrit law philosophy and Dravidian languages before entering politics.
 Proceso (Spanish: Process) is a Mexican magazine published in Mexico City. It was founded on November 6 1976 by journalist Julio Scherer García its current president.
 Speed Track is a 2007 Malayalam film by Jayasurya starring Dileep Gajala Riyaz Khan and Madhu Warrier in the lead roles.
 Vijender Gupta is an Indian politician from Delhi capital of India. He is currently Convenor of BJP's Urban Local Bodies Cell and also a member of BJP's National Executive. He was president of Delhi state unit of Bharatiya Janata Party .
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 2nd Street and 3rd Avenue NW in Hickory North Carolina.It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Rock & Roll Heart Attack is Cindy Valentine's freshman album. The nine year old Canadian prodigy released Rock & Roll Heart Attack on vinyl with CBS Columbia Records in 1984. Valentine's subsequent work is featured in the title track of the film Repossessed (1990). Mannequin Two: On the Move (1991) features Valentine's single Pick Up The Pieces (To My Heart) and her song Please appears in the soundtrack of Love in Paris / Another 9½ Weeks (1997).
 Phtheochroa pecosana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Arizona California Colorado and New Mexico.
 Abaresh (Persian: ابارش‎ also Romanized as Abāresh) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1104 in 313 families.
 The Jacob Hanmer White House at 599 E. One Hundred S in Pleasant Grove Utah United States was built in 1874. It is built of soft rock. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Fury's Pilgrims is the seventeenth book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
 The Masonic Temple in Great Falls Montana is a building from 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.Address is 821 Central Avenue Great Falls Motana 59401 Phone number is 453-9080.Cascade No. 34 meets 2nd and 4th Tuesdays at 7:30pm Sept-June.Euclid No. 58 meets year-round 1st and 3rd Tuesdays at 7:30pm Sept-May 3rd Tuesdays at 7:30pm June-Aug. Delta No. 128 meets 2nd Wednesdays at 7:30pm Sept-June.
 James Ross (August 14 1851 – June 21 1936) was a politician in Alberta Canada and a municipal councillor in Edmonton.
 Annales d'histochimie was a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1956. It covered the field of histochemistry.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 Cryptomastix mullani is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
 Dorothy At Forty was the first single taken from the album Happy Hollow by Cursive. It was released as a teaser for Happy Hollow on July 11 2006. The album track Dorothy At Forty is backed with the exclusive non-album tracks The Bitter End and The Censor. All horn arrangements were done by Nate Walcott.This single came with a download code to download the songs in mp3 format directly from Saddle Creek Records.
 The Blue-capped Hummingbird or Oaxaca Hummingbird (Eupherusa cyanophrys) is a species of hummingbird endemic to subtropical moist forest in the southernmost portion of the Sierra Madre del Sur in the Mexican state of Oaxaca. Its tiny range is threatened by habitat loss.Like White-tailed Hummingbird it is sometimes considered a subspecies of the more widespread Stripe-tailed Hummingbird.
 Turbonilla mariajoseae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Niyeh (Persian: نيه‎ also Romanized as Nīyeh and Neyeh; also known as Nīr) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 373 in 123 families.
 The Final Countdown is a 1980 alternate history science fiction film about a modern aircraft carrier that travels through time to a day before the 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor. Produced by Peter Vincent Douglas and directed by Don Taylor the film stars Kirk Douglas Martin Sheen James Farentino Katharine Ross and Charles Durning. This was Taylor's final film.Produced with the full cooperation of the U.S.
 The Irresistible Lover is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine.
 Chitralekha is a 1964 historical-philosophical Hindi film directed by Kidar Sharma starring Ashok Kumar Meena Kumari and Pradeep Kumar. It was based on 1934 Hindi novel by the same name by Bhagwati Charan Verma about Bijgupta serving under the Maurya Empire and the king Chandragupta Maurya (340 BCE – 298 BCE) and his love for courtesan Chitralekha.
 Any Old Arms Won't Do is a 1992 album by country singer Willie Nelson.
 When Young Terrorists Chase the Sun is an album by Gerling released in September 2001. It was released in the UK under the title Headzcleaner.
 Danger Has Two Faces is a 1985 Hong Kong action film directed by Alex Cheung and starring Bryan Leung Paul Chu and Fei Xiang. The film is produced and distributed by Shaw Brothers Studio.
 Seaman is a village in Adams County Ohio United States. The population was 944 at the 2010 census.Seaman is served by North Adams High School the Adams County/Ohio Valley School District and the North Adams Public Library a branch of the Adams County Public Library. Seaman is also home to the Adams County Regional Medical Center a county hospital constructed in 2007.
 Hey Class President! (生徒会長に忠告 Seitokaichou ni Chukoku) is a Japanese yaoi manga written and illustrated by Kaori Monchi. The manga was serialized in Shinshokan's Dear+ magazine and the serial chapters collected into four tankōbon the first one released in September 2005 and the fourth in May 2009. It is licensed in English by 801 Media and the two volumes were released in March and May 2009. It is licensed in German as Highschool Love by Egmont Manga and Anime.
 Ji Yun (Chinese: 纪昀; pinyin: Jǐ Yún; 1724–1805) also known as Ji Xiaolan (simplified Chinese: 纪晓岚; traditional Chinese: 紀曉嵐; pinyin: Jǐ Xiǎolán) or Ji Chunfan (紀春帆) was an influential scholar of Qing Dynasty China and many anecdotes have been recorded about him. Ji Yun left behind a book entitled Notes of the Thatched Abode of Close Observations and another book named Wenda Gong Yiji (Collected Works of Lord Wenda i.e. Ji Xiaolan) which was edited by later generations.
 The Iranian fat tailed gecko Eublepharis angramainyu is a ground dwelling lizard native to Iraq Iran Turkey and Syria. Its diet is insectivorous but may eat smaller vertebrates. Like most lizards it has the ability to shed its tail (autotomy). The Eublepharinae family is unique in that it is the only gecko family with eyelids.
 Durgaa (English language: Durgaa) is an Indian Hindi film directed by Shibu Mitra released on 12 July 1985. The film stars Hema Malini in the title role. This action-crime genre film revolves around Durgaa a soft spoken girl who is exploited by various men in her life. At first Durgaa falls in love with a young man (Raj Babbar) and even marries him. But she realises post marriage that her husband had married her only as an excuse to sleep with her.
 Thomas Tom Rukavina (born August 23 1950) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party he represents District 5A including the Mesabi Range in St. Louis County in northeastern Minnesota. In 2010 he was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Minnesota seeking the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party nomination. Rukavina is said to be considering a run for St.
 Tiyasha is an upcoming 2013 Bengali film directed by Animesh Roy starring Saswata Chatterjee and Chandrayee Ghosh. The story of the film revolves around modern day relationships.
 Luis R. Garcia Jr. is a retired Miami Beach Florida Fire Department Chief and Democratic politician who serves as the Representative for District 107 of the Florida House of Representatives. He was first elected to the Florida House in 2006 and was reelected in 2008 and 2010.On April 3 2012 Luis Garcia announced that he would challenge Miami-Dade County Commissioner Bruno Barreiro for Miami-Dade County Commission seat District 5.
 Bill Avery (born February 7 1942) is an elected member of the Nebraska Legislature and he is a retired adjunct professor of political science who specializes in international trade and foreign relations from Lincoln Nebraska. Born in Harnett County North Carolina he received his BS and M.A. from the University of Tennessee and his PhD from Tulane University.
 Coenotoca is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Los caranchos de la Florida is a 1938 Argentine drama film directed and written by Alberto De Zavalia with Carlos Aden. The film premiered in Buenos Aires and starred José Gola and Amelia Bence.The film is based on a novel by Benito Lynch.In the USA release the film was distributed by Cinexport Distributing Co.
 The International Free and Open Source Software Law Review (also known as 'IFOSS L. Rev.' 'IFOSSLR' or 'IFOSS L. R.') is an English language law review focusing on Free and open source software.
 The Mutshindudi River is a river in the Limpopo Province of South Africa. It is a right-hand tributary of the Levuvhu River.Dams Vondo Dam
 All Saints Anglican Church is an Anglican church in Ottawa Ontario Canada.
 Clarence Wallace (June 22 1893 – November 12 1982) was a Canadian shipbuilder and the 18th Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia.Born in Vancouver British Columbia he fought in World War I and was wounded at Ypres. After the war he became the president of his father's business Burrard Dry Dock. During World War II he built ships for the war and was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1946. From 1950 to 1955 he was the Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia.
 Climbing is a major US-based rock climbing magazine first published in 1970. In 2007 it was bought by Skram Media the publisher of Urban Climber Magazine.
 Collide is the second full-length EP by British DJ and electronic dance music composer Andy Hunter°. It is the follow-up to his 2008 album Colour. Collide was released as an iTunes exclusive on December 6 2010. It was eventually released to other digital retailers in the new year.
 Fortepian [fɔrˈtɛpjan] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Biecz 14 km (9 mi) north of Gorlice and 94 km (58 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village's name is the Polish word for piano.
 Ananthi Sasitharan (Tamil: அனந்தி சசிதரன்; born 10 September 1971 ) is a Sri Lankan Tamil activist politician and provincial councillor. She is the wife of Velayutham Sasitharan (alias Elilan) the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam's political head for Trincomalee.
 Lines and Shadows is a 1984 nonfiction book by Joseph Wambaugh a sergeant for the Los Angeles Police Department chronicling the activities of the Border Crime Task Force of the San Diego Police Department between October 1976 and April 1978.
 Free Life is an album by Dan Wilson the frontman of the rock band Semisonic. It was released on October 16 2007.
 Masanao Ozaki (尾崎 正直 Ozaki Masanao born September 14 1967 in Kōchi Kōchi) became governor of Kōchi Prefecture in Japan on December 7 2007. He is a graduate of the University of Tokyo and a former bureaucrat of the Ministry of Finance.
 Raging Fists (French: La Rage au poing) is a 1975 French drama film directed by Éric Le Hung.
 Ancylosis albidella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Ragonot in 1888 and is known from Uzbekistan Spain Portugal Hungary and Slovakia.
 The Magician is a novel by British author W. Somerset Maugham originally published in 1908. In this tale the magician Oliver Haddo a caricature of Aleister Crowley attempts to create life. Crowley wrote a critique of this book under the pen name Oliver Haddo where he accused Maugham of plagiarism.Maugham wrote The Magician in London after he had spent some time living in Paris where he met Aleister Crowley.
 Savivesi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in Leppävirta municipality in the Northern Savonia region in Finland. Savivesi´s elevation is almost the same as the lake Unnukka´s elvation and it is possible to see them as one lake.
 Young Breasts (青い乳房 Aoi chibusa) is a 1958 Japanese juvenile delinquent film directed by Seijun Suzuki for the Nikkatsu Corporation. Akira Kobayashi stars as a young hoodlum who tries to go straight after falling in love with his social worker.
 Van Houten's Landing Historic District is a national historic district located at Upper Nyack in Rockland County New York. It encompasses 50 contributing buildings and two contributing structures.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Mount Craig 6647 feet (2026 m) is the second highest peak of the Appalachian Mountains and second only to 6684 feet (2037 m) Mount Mitchell in eastern North America. It is located in the Black Mountains in Yancey County North Carolina. The mountain lies just north of Mt.
 Bez Ljubavi (English: Without Love) is the second studio album from Serbian pop singer Marija Šerifović. The album was recorded in 2005 but has been released in 2006.
 Hypoaspis miles is a small (0.5 mm) light brown mite that lives in the top ½ in layer of soil. As a natural predator of fungus gnat pupae and snail parasite Riccardoella aspersa it is used by gardeners for biological pest control.Hypoaspis miles and the similar species H. aculiefer are soil-dwelling predatory mites. Hypoaspis mites feed on fungus gnats springtails thrips pupae and other small insects in the soil. The mite is 0.5 mm (1/50 inch) long and light-brown in color.
 Muchów [ˈmuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Męcinka 13 km (8 mi) west of Jawor and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Cuando los hijos se van (When Children Leave) is a 1941 Mexican film. It stars Sara García and Fernando Soler as the protagonists and features Miguel Inclán as an especially odious villain. A later version directed by Julián Soler was released in 1969 and also starred Fernando Soler.
 Kahnak (Persian: كهنك‎ also Romanized as Kohnak; also known as Kahang) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 37 families.
 Dunfermline (1974–1989) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and Broodmare. In a career which lasted from September 1982 until October 1984 she ran ten times and won three races. In 1977 the year of her owner Queen Elizabeth II's Silver Jubilee she won two of the five British Classic Races. She won the Epsom Oaks against other fillies in June and in September added St. Leger Stakes beating the double Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Alleged.
 Made in Britain is a 1983 British television play written by David Leland and directed by Alan Clarke about a 16-year-old racist skinhead named Trevor and his constant confrontations with authority figures. It was originally broadcast on ITV on 10 July 1983 as the fourth in an untitled series of works by Leland (including Birth of a Nation) all loosely based around the British educational system which subsequently acquired the overall title of Tales Out of School.
 The Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung is a leading commercial newspaper from Essen Germany published by WAZ-Mediengruppe.It was founded by Erich Brost and first published 3 April 1948.
 The Princess and the Warrior (German: Der Krieger und die Kaiserin literally The Warrior and the Empress) is a 2000 German drama film written and directed by Tom Tykwer with Franka Potente star of his previous movie Run Lola Run (Lola rennt) in a leading role.
 John Scott (July 24 1824 – November 29 1896) was an American lawyer and Republican party politician. He served in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and represented Pennsylvania in the United States Senate.Born in Alexandria Huntingdon County Pennsylvania John Scott attended Marshall College in Chambersburg Pennsylvania. He practiced law in Huntingdon from 1846 to 1869. He was a prosecuting attorney from 1846 to 1849. He was a member of the revenue commission in 1851.
 Phibromia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Gruiu River is a tributary of the Vedița River in Romania.
 Taczanów Drugi [taˈt͡ʂanuf ˈdruɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Pleszew and 85 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Marbella is a 1985 Spanish caper film set in the town of Marbella starring Rod Taylor and Britt Ekland.
 Schrankia kogii is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Japan.The length of the forewings is 6–9 mm.
 The Jarvis is a historic apartment building at 27 Everett Street on the north side of the Harvard University campus in Cambridge Massachusetts. Built in 1860 the 4.5 story brick building was one of the first apartment houses built in the vicinity of northern Massachusetts Avenue. At the time Massachusetts Avenue north of Harvard was predominantly lined with large fashionable houses.
 Return to the Clans is an original English-language manga volume written by Erin Hunter as part of the Warriors series. It is the third and final in a trilogy following Sasha a fictional wild cat trying to learn how to live in the wild. It was released on June 9 2009. It is drawn by Don Hudson.
 The Jekyll Island Club was a private club located on Jekyll Island on the Georgia coastline. It was founded in 1886 when members of an incorporated hunting and recreational club purchased the island for $125000 from John Eugune du Bignon. The original design of the Jekyll Island Clubhouse with its easily identifiable turret was completed in January 1888.
 Sheikh Mujibur Rahman (Bengali: শেখ মুজিবুর রহমান Shekh Mujibur Rôhman) (17 March 1920 – 15 August 1975) was a Bengali nationalist politician and statesman. He was the paramount independence leader of Bangladesh and is regarded as the founding father of the nation. He headed the Awami League and was the first President of Bangladesh during the Bangladesh Liberation War and later became Prime Minister in independent Bangladesh.
 Chippin' In is an album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded in 1990 and released on the Dutch Timeless label.
 The congregation of Immanuel Lutheran Church in Valparaiso Indiana was founded in 1862 by 45 German families. The church building was erected in 1891 by Henry Lemster and his son Charles. A fire gutted the building in 1975 marks of which can still be seen on the altar and pews.
 The Story of the Isle of Man is a 1901 book on the history of the Isle of Man by A.W. Moore. It was written as an introduction to Manx history specifically for children.The book was written at a time of a growing sense of Manx national identity greatly due to the work of A. W. Moore himself. For want of any existing rigorous and sustained history of the Isle of Man he wrote A History of the Isle of Man which was published in 1900 in two volumes (reaching 989 pages).
 Francis George Hugh Seymour 5th Marquess of Hertford GCB PC (11 February 1812 – 25 January 1884) known as Francis Seymour until 1870 was a British courtier and Conservative politician. He served as Lord Chamberlain of the Household under Benjamin Disraeli from 1874 to 1879.
 Ab Anjir-e Olya (Persian: اب انجيرعليا‎ also Romanized as Āb Anjīr-e ‘Olyā; also known as Āb Anjīr-e Bālā) is a village in Lishtar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 28 families.
 Kyasamballi Chengalaraya Reddy (4 May 1902 – 27 February 1976) was the first Chief Minister of Karnataka (then Mysore State).He was born in a Vokkaliga family hailing from Kyasamballi village in Bangarpet taluk of Kolar district. After his graduation in law He along with other political activists founded the ‘Praja Paksha’ (Peoples party) in 1930. The aim of this party was to achieve responsible government in the Princely state of Mysore.
 Ballen i øyet (English: Ball in the eye) is a 2000 Norwegian comedy film directed by Catrine Telle starring Laila Goody. Denise (Goody) is heavily short sighted but still plays football. One day she is hit in the eye by a ball and loses consciousness. When she wakes up it seems that everyone else has an identical twin.
 Pravdolyub (Bulgarian: Правдолюб) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 205.476 kilometres (127.677 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 4.436 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 204 people.
 Amata janenschi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Seitz in 1926. It is found in Tanzania.
 The Gerald-Dowdell House is a historic Italianate style house in Montgomery Alabama. The two-story frame and masonry raised-cottage was built in 1854-55 for Perley and Camilla Gerald. Perley Gerald was born in New York and migrated to Alabama in 1829. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 28 1980. It was extensively restored in 2000 and now houses the law offices of Wilkerson and Bryan P.C.
 The Drawbridge is a quarterly newspaper started in London in 2006. It is a full-colour independent paper which has published articles by Isabel Allende J.G. Ballard John Berger Terry Eagleton Umberto Eco John N.
 The Crandall Houses at 112 and 136 E. 200 North in Springville Utah are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. They are the Clarence L. Crandall House and the Nelson D. Crandall House. The houses were both built in 1900 and are twin houses that look virtually identical. The designs appear to be adapted from pattern books circulating around that time. The design of the houses reflects the Victorian ideal of adapting high-style architecture to vernacular style homes.
 Mill Owners’ Association Building commonly confused with 'Ahmedabad Textile Mill Owners' Association House' (ATMA House) is a modern architecture building in Ahmedabad India designed by French architect Le Corbusier. Its many walls (with windows in between) slant and there are trees actually growing out of the side of it. Also the drainage system is built into the handrails of the balconies.
 The Piute County Courthouse located at Main St. and Center St. in Junction Utah was built in 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1971.The building site was donated by John Morrill in 1902 (see the John and Ella Morrill House also on Main St. and also NRHP-listed). It was designed by architect Richard C. Watkins in Edwardian architecture style; it was built by contractors Young Alan & Morrill who formed its red bricks on the building site.
 The fawn hopping mouse (Notomys cervinus) is a rodent native to the central Australian desert. Like all hopping mice it has strong front teeth a long tail dark eyes big ears well-developed haunches and very long narrow hind feet. It weighs between 30 and 50 g (1.1 and 1.8 oz). (Compare with the common House Mouse at 10 to 25 g (0.35 to 0.88 oz).)The coloration of the fawn hopping mouse varies from pale pinkish-fawn to grey on the upper parts and white underneath.
 The Al Ra'i also spelled Alrai (Arabic: الرأي‎ meaning The Opinion) is an Arabic daily newspaper in Jordan. The newspaper is owned and published by Jordan Press Foundation and was first published in 1971. The Jordan Press Foundation owner of the Al Rai is government-owned.
 Mordellistena subdiscoidalis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Chobaut in 1924.
 The Tolshma (Russian: Толшма) is a river in Soligalichsky District of Kostroma Oblast and Totemsky District of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Sukhona River. The river is 157 kilometres (98 mi) long. The area of its basin is 1540 square kilometres (590 sq mi).
 Charles K. Wiggins is a member of the Washington Supreme Court. He was elected to the court in 2010 defeating incumbent Richard B. Sanders.
 Thallarcha oblita is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by R. Felder and Rogenhofer in 1875. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales and Victoria.The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are pale yellow with black zigzag lines and markings. The hindwings are yellow with a black band around the apex.
 Lust Caution (Chinese: 色，戒; pinyin: Sè Jiè) is a novella by the Chinese writer Eileen Chang first published in 1979. It is set in Shanghai Republic of China during World War II. Reportedly the short story took Chang more than two decades to complete.
 The Final Cut is a 19-minute video EP by Pink Floyd and is based on their 1983 album of the same name. it was shot in 1982 and features unknown actors not mentioned in the cast.
 The Essentials by Twisted Sister is a compilation album which came out in 2002.
 The Vața River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 The Edge of Infinity is the third full-length album by the Swiss band Lunatica. It was released on August 28 2006. A release party took place at Schützi in Olten (Switzerland) on September 23 2006.The band had originally held a poll to pick a cover song to include on the album although they decided not to include any cover song after all having enough of their own compositions for the album.[citation needed]
 Free is the second album by R&B group For Real released in 1996 (see 1996 in music).
 Two Blocks from the Edge is Michael Brecker's fifth album as a leader. It was recorded at Avatar Studios in New York City.
 There are three houses named the Harrison Gray Otis House in Boston Massachusetts. All were built by noted American architect Charles Bulfinch for the same man Harrison Gray Otis.
 It's Not Me It's You is the second studio album by English recording artist Lily Allen released on 4 February 2009 by Regal Recordings and Parlophone. The album was conceived in 2008 with Allen noting a shift in musical style moving away from ska and reggae influences from her debut album Alright Still (2006) to an electropop feel with elements of jazz and country.
 Kłudno [ˈkwudnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klwów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Thank God It's Friday is a 1978 film directed by Robert Klane and produced by Motown Productions and Casablanca Filmworks for Columbia Pictures (whose torch-holding mascot in a specially produced logo dances to disco music before the opening credits). Produced at the height of the disco craze the film features The Commodores performing Too Hot to Trot and Donna Summer performing Last Dance which won the Academy Award for Best Song in 1979.
 A Million Colours is a 2011 film directed by Peter Bishai and co-written with Andre Pieterse. It is based on the lives of Muntu Ndebele and Norman Knox actors in the film Forever Young Forever Free also known as e'Lollipop. It follows them from the success of the film around the time of the Soweto Uprising through to the election of Nelson Mandela.
 'Won' is Pacewon's debut solo album. Pacewon is a founding member of the rap group The Outsidaz and was on their first and only two albums. The album is produced by Wyclef Jean of the rap group The Fugees which Pacewon has worked with. The other producers are Jerry Duplessis and Ski. The album includes 21 songs and features seven guest stars.
 Mao: A Reinterpretation is a biography of the Chinese communist revolutionary and politician Mao Zedong written by Lee Feigon an American historian of China then working at Colby College. It was first published by Ivan R. Dee in 2002 and would form the basis of Feigon's 2006 documentary Passion of the Mao.Revisionist in content Feigon's book aimed to highlight the achievements of Mao's government.
 Air Forces Monthly is a military aviation magazine published by Key Publishing based in Stamford United Kingdom.Topics covered by AirForces Monthly magazine include: Comprehensive coverage of the world's air forces Detailed attrition section Insights into the latest military technology Military conflicts weaponry and exercises Personnel interviewsSister publications include Air International Air Enthusiast Airliner World Airports International FlyPast.
 Shamans: Siberian Spirituality and the Western Imagination is a historical study of how westerners have viewed the shamans of Siberia. It was written by the English historian Ronald Hutton then working at the University of Bristol and first published by Hambledon and London in 2001. Prior to writing Shamans Hutton had authored a series of books on such subjects as Early Modern Britain pre-Christian religion British folklore and Contemporary Paganism.The book is divided into three sections.
 Eulimella trewae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.The epithet trewae refers to Mrs A. Trew who is the curator in charge of the molluscan collection at the National Museum Cardiff
 Engine Company 26 in the Northeast quadrant of Washington D.C. USA is a historic firehouse located at 1340 Rhode Island Avenue. The building was listed by the National Register of Historic Places in May 2011. The same Engine Company was located at 2715 22nd St. until 1940 and that building is also listed by the NRHP as Old Engine Company 26 (Washington D.C.).
 Die Sieben vom Rhein is an East German film. It was released in 1954.
 Smith's Tavern is a historic building in Spartanburg County South Carolina. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Deborah L. Simpson is an American politician from Maine. Simpson served as a Democratic State Senator from Maine's 15th District representing part of Androscoggin County including her residence in Auburn from 2008 to 2010. She was elected to the Maine House of Representatives representing Auburn in 2000 2002 2004 and 2006 each time as a publicly financed candidate. She was unable to seek re-election to the House in 2008 due to term-limits.
 The Murray Hotel originally named the Elite Hotel is an historic hotel in Livingston Montana United States. The original two story hotel was built at the corner of Park and Second St. in 1904 by Josephine Kline to accommodate passengers from the Northern Pacific Railway. The Elite was one of thirteen hotels built in downtown Livingston between 1884 and 1914 to service railroad travelers. Its construction was financed by the family of a future U.S. Senator from Montana James E. Murray.
 Amway Grand Plaza Hotel is located in Grand Rapids Michigan and is named after Amway Corporation which is based in nearby Ada Township.Originally known as The Pantlind Hotel (founded in 1913) Amway Grand Plaza Hotel reopened in 1981 after extensive renovations done by Marvin DeWinter & Associates including the addition of a 29 story glass tower.
 30-sai no Hoken Taiiku (30歳の保健体育 Sanjussai no Hoken Taiiku trans. Health and Physical Education for 30-Year-Olds) is a Japanese guidebook series written by Mitsuba and published by Ichijinsha. The series is aimed at men in their 30s who have not had any romantic or sexual relationships with women. The manga adaptation by Rikako Inomoto started on the November/December 2010 issue of Comic Rex.
 Agdistis potgieteri is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa (Free State Limpopo and Western and Northern Cape).The wingspan is 27–32 mm. The forewings are grey with four dark dots two in the discal area and at the costal margin. The other two are found in the middle part and on the base of the wing. The hindwings are uniformly grey. Adults are on wing from the end of August to January.
 El Señor Del Cero (English: The Zero Man) is a 1997 children's novel by María Isabel Molina. The book was first published through Alfaguara and follows the character of José a talented young Mozarab that has to flee his home. The book won a CCEI Award in 1997.
 'Something's Goin' On' is the 32nd studio album by British singer Cliff Richard released by Decca on 25 October 2004 in the UK. The album reached #7 in the UK Albums Chart and was his first top 10 album since 2000. The album was certified Gold by the BPI.This album was Richard's first with Decca and was recorded in Nashville Franklin and Miami in the USA. Reviews of the album were positive with The Sun saying he had produced [his] best work in yonks.
 You Gave Me Love (When Nobody Gave Me a Prayer) is the 21st studio album & 3rd gospel album by American singer B. J. Thomas released in 1979.
 Joseph Edmond Marcile (October 22 1854 – November 5 1925) was a Canadian politician.Born in Contrecoeur Canada East Marcile was educated at the Acton Vale Model School. A merchant he was a city councilor and mayor of Acton Vale Quebec. He was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the Quebec electoral district of Bagot in an 1898 by-election held after the death of the sitting MP Flavien Dupont.
 Mashaollahabad (Persian: ماشا الله اباد‎ also Romanized as Mashāollāhābād; also known as Māshelābād) is a village in Langarud Rural District Salman Shahr District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 600 in 154 families.
 Overkill is the first EP recorded by thrash metal band Overkill released in 1984 on Azra/Metal Storm records. The EP is included on the !!!Fuck You!!! And Then Some compilation.All of the songs from this EP (except for The Answer) would be re-recorded for the band's future albums; Rotten to the Core and Overkill were re-recorded for Feel the Fire while Fatal If Swallowed was re-recorded for Taking Over.
 The Journal of Democracy is a quarterly academic journal established in 1990 and an official publication of the National Endowment for Democracy's International Forum for Democratic Studies. It covers the study of democracy democratic regimes and pro-democracy movements throughout the world.In addition to scholarly research and analysis the journal incorporates reports from activists on the ground updates on elections and reviews of recent literature in the field.
 Film Noir is singer-songwriter Carly Simon's twenty-second album nineteenth studio album and third album devoted to standards released in 1997. Jimmy Webb co-produced the album and contributed his vocals orchestration and piano skills to the project which was filmed for an AMC documentary (which premiered in September 1997). He also co-wrote the song Film Noir with Simon. John Travolta sings a duet with Simon on the song Two Sleepy People.
 Ferenc Glatz (born 2 April 1941) is a Hungarian historian and academic. He has served three terms as the president of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.
 William John Bill Janklow (September 13 1939 – January 12 2012) was an American politician and member of the Republican Party who holds the record for the longest tenure as Governor of South Dakota - sixteen years in office. Janklow has the second longest gubernatorial tenure in post-Constitutional U.S.
 Coup de Lune (Éditions Fayard 1933) literally moonburn or moonstroke in French but translated into English as Tropic Moon is a novel by Belgian writer Georges Simenon.
 The Măria Mică River is a headwater of the Măria River in Romania.
 The Turning is a 2013 Australian anthology film based on a collection of short stories by Tim Winton. It premiered at the Melbourne International Film Festival on 3 August 2013. It was nominated for the 2013 Asia Pacific Screen Award for Best Feature Film. The film is scheduled to be screened in the Berlinale Special Galas section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Michael Joseph Savage (23 March 1872 – 27 March 1940) was a revolutionary figure in New Zealand's political history and was the first Labour Prime Minister of New Zealand. He is commonly known as the architect of the welfare state and is constantly regarded as one of New Zealand's greatest and most revered Prime Ministers. He was given the title New Zealander of the Century by The New Zealand Herald in 1999.
 The Argoed Penallt Monmouthshire Wales is a Victorian country house dating from the 1860s with earlier origins from the late 16th and early 17th centuries. It sits on a hill above Monmouth overlooking the Wye Valley.
 Kenny & Zuke's Delicatessen is a Jewish delicatessen in Portland Oregon.
 The Traveling Vampire Show is a 2000 horror novel by American author Richard Laymon.
 Beneath the Radar is an album released in 2005 by New Zealand hip-hop artist Che Fu.
 The Last Rites of Ransom Pride is a 2010 action-western film starring Lizzy Caplan and Scott Speedman in the title role.
 The Moscow-Pullman Daily News is a U.S. daily newspaper serving the Moscow Idaho and Pullman Washington metropolitan area. The two cities on the Palouse are the homes of the two states' land grant universities the University of Idaho and Washington State University.The newspaper has been published continuously in Moscow since September 28 1911. It began as the Daily Star-Mirror which started as the Moscow Mirror in 1882 and the North Idaho Star in 1887 with a merger in 1905.
 Větrušice is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Sunset Marquis Hotel is an hotel in West Hollywood Los Angeles County California. Owned by George Rosenthal and located at 1200 Alta Loma Road it is situated just off the Sunset Strip. Described by Time as an old rock-n-roll hotel it is noted for its celebrity clientele especially rock stars and DJs. Rande Gerber installed a recording studio in the basement of the hotel to attract entertainers.
 Horbacher Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Brzeźnik [ˈbʐɛʑnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Lacolle railway station is a railway station located in Lacolle Quebec. Its address is 21 rue Ste-Marie adjacent to the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) Lacolle Subdivision.
 Sar Kamareh (Persian: سركمره‎) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 4 families.
 Krtova (Cyrillic: Кртова) is a village in the municipality of Lukavac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lalun (1952-not found) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and successful broodmare. Owned and bred by Harry Guggenheim she was trained by Loyd Gentry Jr. and under jockey Henry Moreno notably won the 1955 Kentucky Oaks and Beldame Stakes.As a brood mare Lalun produced: The 1962 U.S. Champion 2-Yr-Old Colt Male Colt Never Bend who in turn sired Mill Reef and Riverman. Bold Reason who won the 1971 American and Hollywood Derbys and the Travers Stakes.
 Dmitriy Svyatash (укр. Дмитро Володимирович Святаш рус. Дмитрий Владимирович Святаш; 15 of June 1971 Kharkiv Ukraine) - Ukrainian social and political activist member of Party of Regions member of the tax and customs policy committee.
 Vantage Point is the fifth album from the Belgian band Deus released on April 18 2008. This is the first Deus album which features the same line-up as the previous album.This album was also the first to be recorded at their own built studio in Borgerhout near Antwerp.Upon its release in Belgium Vantage Point was already certified Gold then reached Platinum within its first month release.[citation needed]
 Aasoo Bane Angaarey is a 1993 Indian drama film starring Bindu Jeetendra and Madhuri Dixit in lead roles and directed by Mehul Kumar.
 Here Beneath the North Star (Finnish: Täällä Pohjantähden alla) is a 1968 Finnish drama film directed by Edvin Laine. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival. The film is based on the first two volumes of Väinö Linna's novel trilogy Under the North Star. The third volume was adapted into a film two years later under the title Akseli and Elina.
 Colonial Brookwood Village (also known as Brookwood Village or Brookwood Mall) is a 750754-square-foot (69747 m2) upscale shopping mall located near Birmingham in the cities of Mountain Brook and Homewood Alabama.
 Ingress Abbey is a Jacobean style country house in the hamlet of Greenhithe England United Kingdom and was the seat of the Viscount Duncannon.Ingress Abbey was one of the filming locations for the The Missing Prime Minister episode on ITV television drama Agatha Christie's Poirot.
 Automation and Remote Control (Russian: Автоматика и Телемеханика Avtomatika i telemekhanika) is a Russian scientific journal published by MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica Press and distributed in English by Springer Science+Business Media.The journal was established in April 1936 by the USSR Academy of Sciences Department of Control Processes Problems. Cofounders were the Trapeznikov Institute of Control Sciences and the Institute of Information Transmission Problems.
 Fulton-Presbyterian Cemetery is a registered historic site in Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register on August 24 1979.
 Nancy Catherine Greene Raine OC OBC OD (born May 11 1943) is a Canadian Senator for British Columbia and a champion alpine skier voted as Canada's Female Athlete of the 20th Century. She was born in Ottawa Ontario Canada.
 Love Breakups Zindagi (Eng: Love Breakups Life) is an Hindi romantic film directed by Sahil Sangha and produced by Zayed Khan under the banner of Sahara Motion Pictures and Born Free Entertainment. It stars Zayed Khan and Dia Mirza in the lead roles. The music is composed by the duo Salim-Sulaiman and the lyrics are penned by Javed Akhtar. The movie released on 7 October 2011.
 Matter+Form is the fifth studio album by futurepop duo VNV Nation released in 2005. It was co-engineered by German trance DJ Humate (Gerret Frerichs). Chrome was released as a one-track single.It charted at no. 38 in the mainstream German charts.
 Panamattom or Panamattam is a large village in Kerala India a part of Kottayam district. It is located in Kanjirappally Taluk. Ponkunnam Kanjirappally and Pala are nearby places of Panamattom. This place is famous for its fertile land and also rubber plantations. The main village Panchayat is Elikkulam Panchayat. This village is also called God's own village.
 WicketWorldWide.COM is the fifth album by Natas. Released in 1999 it is the group's last release on Reel Life Productions (than known as Gothom/Overcore) until 2006's N of tha World. WicketWorldWide.com is often credited as one of the greatest hip hop albums of 1999 by XXL magazine
 The Ibn Danan Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת אבן דאנן‎ Arabic: معبد ابن دنان‎) is a synagogue in Fes Morocco dating from the 17th century. It was built by Mimoun Ben Sidan a wealthy merchant from the town of Ait Ishaq.
 Koreh Muchi (Persian: كره موچي‎ also Romanized as Koreh Mūchī; also known as Koremochī) is a village in Sigar Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 754 in 162 families.
 Up in Rags is the third EP by the American indie rock band Cold War Kids. It was recorded in January 2006. The title of this EP is taken from the lyrics of Hair Down - Man we were still just babies / Dressing up in rags with our wallets full. On February 2006 Monarchy Music put together Up in Rags along with With Our Wallets Full as a full-length LP titled Up in Rags/With Our Wallets Full.
 Pseudophaloe ninonia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Panama and Costa Rica.
 Horrors of War is a 2006 American horror film directed by Peter John Ross and John Whitney.
 The Bogong moth (Agrotis infusa) is a temperate species of night-flying moth notable for appearing in large numbers around major public buildings in Canberra the capital city of Australia during spring (late September to November) as it migrates to the High Plains. The moth's name 'Bogong' is the same as the mountain ranges on the High Plains i.e.
 Mijakovce (Serbian: Мијаковце) is a village in Vranje municipality Pčinja District Serbia. In 2002 the village had a population of 37. In 1991 the population was 73.
 Aye Gill Pike is a Marilyn in the Yorkshire Dales the highest point of the hills that rise between Dentdale and Garsdale in Cumbria England. The eastern part of the summit ridge is known as Rise Hill.
 Fractured is the second novel in the Atlanta series from bestselling author Karin Slaughter. The first book is Triptych. This book was published in 2008. These books star Will Trent a dyslexic Georgia Bureau of Investigation agent. The books also feature Angie Polaski and Faith Mitchell. Slaughter also writes the Grant County series. The audio book is narrated by Phil Gigante.
 Igraine the Brave is a fantasy novel written by Cornelia Funke. It was released on October 1 2007 published by The Chicken House. Originally written in German it was translated by Anthea Bell.
 Carlos M. Charlie Hernández López (born February 19 1965) is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). He has been a member of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives since 2001 representing District 19. In 2012 he was reelected this time as a Representative At-large.
 Hypsoblennius striatus the Striated blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean around Costa Rica and Panama. This species grows to a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL.
 Magnificent Team is a 1998 Hong Kong comedy film directed by David Lam and starring Francis Ng Christine Ng Amanda Lee Simon Lui Benz Hui Karen Tong and the-then newcomer Herman Chan in his only film role.
 Beverly is a historic home located in Pocomoke City Worcester County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Georgian-style Flemish bond brick house built about 1770. The house faces the Pocomoke River.
 Canto por travesura (Mischievous Songs) is an album recorded by Víctor Jara in 1973. It consists of a collection of southern Chilean folk songs with a consistent thematic style popular in Chilean folklore—the mocking of social norms with mischievous jokes riddles and dark humor.
 Clockwork Prince is a young adult novel written by Cassandra Clare. It is the second novel in the Infernal Devices trilogy. It is written through the perspective of the main character Tessa Gray who lives at the London Institute among Shadowhunters a group of half-angel-half-human beings called Nephilim. After the recent failings of Charlotte the manager of the Institute the Council of Shadowhunters begin to question her ability to lead.
 Congregation Beth Israel of Houston the oldest Jewish congregation in Texas was founded in Houston in 1854.
 Mujitaba Mohammed Mallam (born 1960) was elected Senator for the Jigawa South West constituency of Jigawa State Nigeria taking office on 29 May 2007.
 Rhamphophryne nicefori is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Suru River is a headwater of the Boia Mică River in Romania.
 The Starve Creek is a river of the Bahamas.
 The Compendium Archive is a compilation album by the American metal band Agalloch. It was released through Licht Von Dämmerung on March 20 2010. The album was limited to 250 hand-numbered copies and was sold exclusively at the band's two Romanian gigs in March 2010.
 7-10 Split is a 2007 American film starring Ross Patterson Tara Reid and Vinnie Jones. It has been released in a few European markets in 2007 and Japan in 2008. It has been renamed as Strike for its U.S. DVD release (through Anchor Bay Entertainment) on June 9 2009.
 After Hours at the London House is a 1959 live album by American jazz singer Sarah Vaughan recorded at The London House Chicago.
 Lubnów [ˈlubnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokój within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Pokój 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Namysłów and 34 km (21 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 The Dungeonmaster (originally Ragewar: The Challenges of Excalibrate and Digital Knights) is a 1984 low-budget science fiction/fantasy film rated PG-13 starring Jeffrey Byron Richard Moll and Leslie Wing. The film is produced by Charles Band and is split up into seven distinct story segments each written and directed by a different person: Dave Allen Charles Band John Carl Buechler Steven Ford Peter Manoogian Ted Nicolaou and Rosemarie Turko.
 The Mabla Mountains (variants: Monti Mabla Monts Mabla) are a mountain range in the northern Obock Region of Djibouti. The endemic Djibouti Francolin makes its home here as well as in the Forêt du Day.
 The Upcountry History Museum is a history museum in Greenville South Carolina that displays the regional history of fifteen upstate South Carolina counties from the early 18th century to the present.
 The North West Museum of Road Transport (formerly St. Helens Transport Museum or St. Helens Bus Museum) is located at the old St. Helens Corporation Transport bus depot in Hall Street St Helens Merseyside England.The collection of vehicles at the museum includes many examples of buses from local municipal bus companies including St Helens Liverpool Southport Widnes Warrington and Chester as well as vehicles from the former Merseyside Passenger Transport Executive.
 Gould Mansion Complex is a historic home and national historic district located at Lyons Falls in Lewis County New York. The district includes three contributing structures: the main house carriage house and barn and office building that served as headquarters for the Gould Paper Company.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 N. Rangaswamy (born August 4 1950) is Indian politician who is serving as Chief Minister of the Union Territory of Puducherry from 2001 to 2008 and 2011 so on. Under his leadership Puducherry was acclaimed as the best state to live and awarded as one of the Best States by the Vice President of India.Rangaswamy is elected from Thattanchavady assembly constituency.
 The Music Behind the Magic: The Musical Artistry of Alan Menken Howard Ashman & Tim Rice is a four-disc box set highlighting the creative evolution behind the music of Disney's The Little Mermaid Beauty and the Beast and Aladdin. Released on November 22 1994 on Walt Disney Records the set includes work tape recordings demos previously released final recordings and unreleased master recordings of songs and score cues.
 Chester Cathedral is Church of England cathedral and the mother church of the Diocese of Chester It is located in the city of Chester Cheshire England. The cathedral (formerly the abbey church of a Benedictine monastery dedicated to Saint Werburgh) is dedicated to Christ and the Blessed Virgin Mary.
 Paul Hamilton (October 16 1762 – June 30 1816) was the 3rd United States Secretary of the Navy from 1809 to 1813.Paul Hamilton was born in Saint Paul's Parish South Carolina on October 16 1762. He left school at the age of sixteen due to financial problems. During the American War of Independence he served actively in military roles in the southern states fighting under General Francis Marion.
 Chah-e Palami (Persian: چاه پلمي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Palamī) is a village in Seh Qaleh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 13 families.
 Akpınar is a village in the District of Bayat Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Het Parool is an Amsterdam-based daily newspaper. It was first published on August 11 1941 as a resistance paper during the German occupation of The Netherlands (1940–1945). The name means The Password or The Motto
 On is the debut studio album by Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Jean. It was released on May 16 2006.
 Mount Maru (丸山 Maru-yama) is a lava dome located in the Nipesotsu-Maruyama Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. Mount Maru is also known as Higashi-Tokachi-Maruyama (東十勝丸山) or Higashi-Taisetsu-Maruyama (東大雪丸山) to distinguish it from other mountains with the same name. Only in 1989 did scientists discover that Mount Maru is a quaternary volcano. The mountain sits on the border between the towns of Kamishihoro and Shintoku.
 Carrao-tepui also spelled Karrao is a tepui in Bolívar state Venezuela. It has a maximum elevation of around 2200 metres (7200 ft) and its densely forested summit plateau covers an area of 1.25 km2 (0.48 sq mi). Part of the Ptari Massif it lies just northeast of neighbouring Ptari-tepui with which it shares a common slope area of 28 km2 (11 sq mi) and north of the large ridge known as Sororopán-tepui.
 Hesar (Persian: حصار‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 66 families.
 Budy [ˈbudɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Fałków 27 km (17 mi) south-west of Końskie and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 190.
 Compu-toon is a comic strip by Charles Boyce. Compu-toon was launched in 1994 through Tribune Media Services. At its height the comic strip ran in about 150 newspapers worldwide from 1994 to 1997 in print form. Now it appears on such Web sites as www.gocomics.com www.compu-toon.com and www.ucomics.com.
 Babylon Babies is the third novel by French-born naturalized Canadian writer Maurice G. Dantec published in 1999. It follows Sirène Rouge (1993) and Roots of Evil (1995).
 Donbildan (Persian: دنبيلدان‎ also Romanized as Donbīldān) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 14 families.
 Eugene L. Norton (March 26 1825 – January 21 1880) was a Massachusetts politician who served in both branches of the Massachusetts legislature and as the tenth mayor of Charlestown Massachusetts.
 Jiří Rusnok (born 16 October 1960) is a Czech politician and economist who has served as Prime Minister of the Czech Republic since 2013. Previously he served in the government of the Czech Republic as Minister of Finance from 2001 to 2002 and as Minister of Industry and Trade from 2002 to 2003. On 25 June 2013 he was appointed as Prime Minister by President Miloš Zeman. Rusnok replaced Petr Nečas who resigned over a corruption and spying affair.
 William Paxson Purcell III (born October 25 1953) was the fifth mayor of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County elected first in 1999 and reelected to a second term in 2003. He is a member of the Democratic Party. On June 24 2008 he was named director of Harvard University's Institute of Politics (IOP) at the John F. Kennedy School of Government. Purcell assumed the post on September 1 2008. He was one of three co-chairs of the Harvard University Allston Work Team.
 Gradisil is a science fiction novel by British author Adam Roberts.
 The Bone Collector is a 1997 novel by Jeffery Deaver.The book introduces the character of Lincoln Rhyme a quadriplegic forensic criminalist.It was made into a movie in 1999.
 Kotabommali is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.Kotabommali mandal is bordered by Polaki Santha Bommali Tekkali Saravakota and Jalumuru mandals of Srikakulam district.
 Parasa viridiflamma is a moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found in Taiwan. The habitat consists of mid-elevation mountain areas (altitudes ranging from 1400 to 2610 meters).The wingspan is 23–24 mm for males and about 26 mm for females. The forewing ground colour is chestnut with a median large green patch delimited externally by a white line which is in turn is lined by a brown border.
 William Grant Stratton (February 26 1914 – March 2 2001) known as Billy the Kid was the 32nd Governor of Illinois from 1953 to 1961 succeeding Adlai Stevenson II in that office.Born February 26 1914 in Ingleside Lake County Illinois the son of William J. Stratton an Illinois politician and Zula Van Wormer Stratton he served two non-consecutive terms as an at-large Congressman from Illinois elected in 1940 and 1946. He was elected State Treasurer in 1944 and 1950.
 Ade Kannu (Kannada: ಅದೇ ಕಣ್ಣು) is a 1985 Indian Kannada-language film directed by Chi. Dattaraj. It stars Rajkumar and Gayathri in lead roles.
 Dali Owlad Mohammad Hoseyn (Persian: دلي اولادمحمدحسين‎ also Romanized as Dalī Owlād Moḩammad Ḩoseyn) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. As of the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Lieutenant General Sir Thomas Herbert John Chapman Goodwin KCB KCMG DSO (24 May 1871 – 29 September 1960) known as Sir John Goodwin was a British soldier and medical practitioner who served as the Governor of the Australian state of Queensland between 1927 and 1932.Goodwin was born in 1871 in Kandy Ceylon to a British Army surgeon father and an Australian mother.
 Shurab-e Mahmudvand (Persian: شوراب محمودوند‎ also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Maḩmūdvand; also known as Maḩmūdvand and Shūrāb-e Moḩammadvand) is a village in Shurab Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 424 in 111 families.
 Suratissa Diyasena Wijeyeratne (Sinhala:සුරතිස්ස දියසේන විජයරත්න) (17 February 1923 – 11 July 2002) (known as Tissa Wijeyeratne) was a Sri Lankan politician diplomat barrister and businessman. He was also Additional Secretary to the Ministry of External Affairs and Defence and Senior Advisor (Foreign Affairs) to the Prime Minister.
 Anthony L. Colaizzo (born May 31 1930) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Jiejue (解决 solution) also featuring the English name Solution on the CD cover is a 1991 Mandarin rock album by Cui Jian. It was his second commercially available album after Rock 'N' Roll On The New Long March and he was able to have it released in China after adapting some of the lyrics.
 Luffia lapidella is a moth of the Psychidae family. It is found in Europe including The Netherlands and Belgium.The moth flies from June to July depending on the location. Females are wingless and unable to fly.The larvae feed on algae and lichen.
 Konstantin Koča Popović (Serbian Cyrillic: Константин Коча Поповић; 14 March 1908 – 20 October 1992) was a Serbian communist volunteer in the Spanish Civil War 1937–1939 and Divisional Commander of the First Proletarian Division of the Yugoslav Partisans. Sometimes he was known as the man who saved YPA because he broke through the German lines during the crucial Battle of Sutjeska and saved Tito and Yugoslav Partisans.
 This Magazine is an independent alternative Canadian political magazine. It was launched by a gang of school activists in April 1966 as This Magazine is About Schools a journal covering political issues in the education system.During its early years its editorial offices were located near the University of Toronto in space rented from Co-operative College Residences Inc. which in the late 1960s spawned the experimental free university Rochdale College.
 Piaski Sztumskie [ˈpjaski ˈʂtumskʲɛ] (German: Sandhuben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The White-plumed Honeyeater (Lichenostomus penicillatus) is a bird native to Australia. It is yellow above and paler beneath with a black and white line on the sides of its neck. The white neck band of a White-plumed Honeyeater is its most prominent feature the rest of the feathers being shades of green and buff. Juveniles have a pinkish orange beak that darkens to black in adults. Honeyeaters feed on nectar and insects and their nest is a small cup nest in a tree.
 Madugula is a village and a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Prodavnica tajni (trans. The Secrets Shop) is the fourth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Bajaga i Instruktori released in 1988.The album was polled in 1998 as the 79th on the list of 100 greatest Yugoslav rock and pop albums in the book YU 100: najbolji albumi jugoslovenske rok i pop muzike (YU 100: The Best albums of Yugoslav pop and rock music).
 The Samuel Parker House is a historic house at 132 West Street in Reading Massachusetts. The front gambrel-roofed portion of this house was probably built in the mid-1790s and the house as a whole reflects a vernacular Georgian-Federal style. The house is noted for a succession of working-class owners (of which Samuel Parker a cooper was one).
 Free is the title of Kate Ryan's fourth studio album. It was released on May 30 2008 by ARS/Universal. It includes the singles Voyage Voyage L.I.L.Y. Ella elle l'a I Surrender and Your Eyes. The album performed moderately well on the charts and was certified Gold in Poland for shipments of 18000 copies.
 Tumbafrailes (literally: Friar-Kicker) is a short river in Spain.
 The Bronx Borough Courthouse commonly referred to as the Old Bronx Borough Courthouse is a U.S. National Historic Place New York City Landmark and icon of the borough of Bronx. The courthouse was built between 1905 and 1914 in Morrisania near Boston Road Third Avenue St. Anns Avenue and 161st Street. The 161st Street station of the IRT Third Avenue Elevated train was in front of the courthouse.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Şimişna River in Romania.
 Manhunt of Mystery Island (1945) is a Republic Movie serial. It was the thirty-sixth serial produced by Republic (of a total of sixty-six) and the first released in 1945.It is the penultimate 15-chapter serial to be released by the studio.
 William Martin Walton (January 17 1832 – July 1 1915) was a prominent lawyer in Austin Texas. During the Civil War Walton was a Major in the Confederate Army. After the War he was elected Attorney General of the state and also headed the state Democratic Party. At the time of his death Walton was one of the most respected lawyers in Texas.
 Maureen Feeney is an American politician who is the current City Clerk of Boston Massachusetts.
 Irish Theological Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes systematic moral and historical theology as well as sacred scripture. The editor-in-chief is Declan Marmion (St Patrick's College). It was established in 1906 and a new series was started in 1951. It is published by Sage Publications on behalf of St Patrick's College.
 Kingdoms of Sorcery: An Anthology of Adult Fantasy is a 1976 anthology of fantasy stories edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday.The book collects sixteen tales and excerpts from novels from five eras of fantasy writing with an overall introduction and notes by Carter.
 Enjoy Full (stylized as Enjoy☆Full) is the second mini-album of Japanese voice actor and J-Pop singer Nobuhiko Okamoto. It was released in Japan on 5 June 2013 on Kiramune.
 Tormato is the ninth studio album from the English progressive rock band Yes released in September 1978 on Atlantic Records.
 Mahoning Creek is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Montour County Pennsylvania. It is approximately nine to ten miles (15 to 16 kilometers) long. The areas around Mahoning Creek were first settled by Europeans in the late 1700s. Before that parts of its watershed were settled by Delaware Indians. The creek travels through West Hemlock Township Derry Township Mahoning Township Valley Township and the borough of Danville.
 Castle Biljoen lies between the Veluwe and the IJssel near Velp. This Noble House from the 16th century was rebuilt by Alexander van Spaen (1619–1692) into the present day castle with four equal corner towers.
 Aclyvolva lanceolata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 The Vanity Serum (Italian: Il siero della vanità) is a 2004 Italian giallo film directed by Alex Infascelli. It is loosely based on the novel Il libro italiano dei morti by Niccolò Ammaniti.
 Warsaw Voice: Polish and Central European Review (shortly The Warsaw Voice) is an English-language newspaper printed in Poland concentrating on news about Poland and its neighbours. First released in October 1988 it is a general news magazine with sections on political economic social and cultural news and with opinions sections. The printed edition has a circulation of 10500.
 Edward Milton (Ted) Culliton CC SOM (April 9 1906 – March 14 1991) was a member of Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan and Chief Justice of Saskatchewan.Born in East Grand Forks Minnesota he grew up in Elbow Saskatchewan and earned an arts degree from the University of Saskatchewan in 1926 and a law degree in 1928.In 1935 he was elected as a Liberal Member of the Saskatchewan Legislature representing the constituency of Gravelbourg and was re-elected in 1938.
 Guarapiche River is a river of north-eastern Venezuela. It flows into the Gulf of Paria.
 St. Laurence Catholic Church is a parish of the Diocese of Amarillo located in Amarillo Texas United States. It served as the cathedral church of the Diocese of Amarillo from 1975 to 2011.
 Coleophora calandrella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Morocco.
 Wielkie Walichnowy [ˈvjɛlkʲɛ valixˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Gniew 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Tczew and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 554.
 Williams Glacier is a 1.2-mile (1.9 km) long glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. It trends northwest to its terminus 4.5 mi (7.2 km) east of College Point and 50 mi (80 km) west of Valdez. The name was reported in 1908 by Grant and Higgins (1910 pl. 2) USGS. It was named for Williams College in Williamstown Massachusetts.
 Aristotle is an English-language children's book written by Dick King-Smith and illustrated by Bob Graham published in 2003. The story concerns Aristotle the kitten who depends on his nine lives and the magical powers of his owner (a friendly witch) in order to emerge safely from various adventures. It was shortlisted for a Blue Peter Book Award.
 Ivane (Vano) Chkhartishvili (Georgian: ვანო ჩხარტიშვილი) is a Georgian and is the 48th richest businessman in the region with an estimated wealth of around $100million. He is a former Minister of the Economy and Member of Parliament in Georgia.He now resides in London UK where he has a portfolio of businesses including independent media energy commercial and residential property interests.
 Ali Aqai-ye Bala-ye Bani Chenur (Persian: علي اقايي بالايي باني چنور‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Āqā'ī-ye Bālā-ye Bānī Chenūr; also known as ‘Alī Āqā'ī-ye Bālā) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Gurkheri (Persian: گورخري‎ also Romanized as Gūrkherī) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 20 families.
 Ethnicity is Yanni's 13th studio album released in 2003 (see 2003 in music) extending his One World One People philosophy. It peaked at #27 on Billboard's Top Internet Albums chart and at #27 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2003. It also peaked at #1 on the Top New Age Albums chart in 2004.One element distinguishing Ethnicity from previous albums is the extensive use of human voices not only solo arias and group chants but also bona fide lyrics a rare departure for the artist.
 Ip Kwok-him GBS JP (born 8 November 1951 Hong Kong) is a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (Functional constituency District Council).
 Lacuna is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 The Paleface is a 1948 Technicolor comedy Western directed by Norman Z. McLeod starring Bob Hope as Painless Potter and Jane Russell as Calamity Jane. In the film Hope sings the song Buttons and Bows (by Jay Livingston and Ray Evans) which became his greatest hit by far when it came to record sales. The song also won the Academy Award for Best Song that year.The film had a sequel Son of Paleface in 1952. In 1968 Don Knotts remade the film as The Shakiest Gun in the West.
 The Oglio (Latin Ollius or Olius; Lombard Òi) is a left-side tributary of the Po River in Lombardy Italy. It is 280 km long.
 Burgseeli is a lake in the Canton of Berne Switzerland. Its surface area is 5.25 ha. It is located between Ringgenberg and Goldswil on the northern shore of Lake Brienz.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Geanie Williams Morrison (born October 6 1950)is a homemaker from Victoria Texas who has been since 1999 a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 30 based in Victoria County but including as well Aransas Calhoun De Witt Goliad and Refugio counties. Victoria is located 125 miles west of Houston off U.S. Highway 59 in the southeastern portion of the state.
 The Bonaparte's Parakeet (Pyrrhura lucianii) also known as the Deville's Parakeet or in aviculture the Deville's Conure is a species of parrot in the family Psittacidae. It is restricted to the Brazilian state of Amazonas south of the Solimões river.
 Soul Music is the sixteenth Discworld novel by Terry Pratchett first published in 1994. Like many of Pratchett's novels it introduces an element of modern society into the magical and vaguely late medieval early modern world of the Discworld in this case Rock and Roll music and stardom with nearly disastrous consequences. It also introduces Susan Sto Helit daughter of Mort and Ysabell and granddaughter of Death.
 Otalawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Dendronephthya is a genus of soft corals in the family Nephtheidae. There are over 250 described species in this genus.
 Abtaf-e Olya (Persian: ابطاف عليا‎ also Romanized as Ābţāf-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ābţāf) is a village in Murmuri Rural District Kalat District Abdanan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 18 families.
 See also La Quinta. For the hotel chain see La Quinta Inns & SuitesLaQuinta is a historic house in Bartlesville Oklahoma United States. It was built in 1930 for oil magnate H.V. Foster. The Spanish Colonial Revival house now part of Oklahoma Wesleyan University was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Trapped in the Closet is a 2007 musical comedy-drama film directed by R. Kelly and Jim Swaffield and written by Kelly based on the song of the same name. Released in August 21 2007 the film follows protagonist Sylvester a man who in order not to get caught cheating decides to hide in his affair's closet.
 The National Oncologic Institute or ION (Spanish: Instituto Oncologico Nacional) is a specialized hospital for cancer treatment located in Panama City Panama. Between August 2000 and March 2001 patients receiving radiation treatment for prostate cancer and cancer of the cervix received lethal doses of radiation resulting in 17 fatalities.
 The Picture of Dorian Gray (Hungarian: Az Élet királya) is a 1918 Hungarian drama film directed by Alfréd Deésy featuring Béla Lugosi. and based on Oscar Wilde's novel of the same name.
 Conus sydneyensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should not be handled at all except by qualified federal animal control personnel.
 Clementine (클레멘타인) is a 2004 action-drama film directed by Kim De-yeong. In this film actor Steven Seagal plays a 10-minute role as cage fight champion Jack Miller. The film is about Kim a Taekwondo champion who decides to give up his fighting career for good in order to take care of his daughter Sa Rang. But when an evil gambling kingpin kidnaps Sa Rang Kim must agree to fight in a rigged boxing match in exchange for Sa Rang's freedom.
 The Captives of Kaag is the fourteenth book in the Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever. As with most of the later books in the series this one is illustrated by Brian Williams.
 Established in 1977 Simon's Town Museum is a community museum situated in Simon's Town a suburb of Cape Town in the Western Cape Province of the Republic of South Africa. It is a province-aided museum which receives support from the Government of the Western Cape Province.
 The Villa Magna Condominium Complex was an urban development that was planned to rise in Brickell downtown Miami Florida. It was approved in 2006 by the city council and the Federal Aviation Administration and construction was slated to begin in April 2007. The ending date was approximated to be late 2008 or early 2009; however the housing crisis of the late 2000s halted the project.The complex was to feature two twin towers Villa Magna Condominiums I and Villa Magna Condominiums II.
 Deinacrida rugosa commonly called the Cook Strait giant weta is a species of insect in the family Anostostomatidae. The scientific name Deinacrida means terrible grasshopper and rugosa means wrinkled. It is endemic to New Zealand.
 Not to be confused with Heart of Darkness (1993) a film version of the original novel that Apocalypse Now is based on.Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse is a 1991 documentary film about the production of Apocalypse Now.
 The Igoiu River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Qeshlaq-e Quja Hajji Khosrow (Persian: قشلاق قوجاحاجي خسرو‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qūjā Ḩājjī Khosrow) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 8 families.
 The Oberjoch Pass (1178 m) is a mountain pass in the Allgäu Alps just one kilometre west of the Austrian border. It links Bad Hindelang Schattwald and Jungholz. Between 1938 and 1945 the pass was called Adolf-Hitler-Pass.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 448 in 129 families.
 The Payne Avenue State Bank was designed in the Beaux-Arts style by W. L. Alban in 1923. Located in a predominantly new immigrant area of Saint Paul Minnesota United States the bank initially served Irish Swedish German and Italian immigrants in Saint Paul's East Side neighborhood. The formidable brick building conveyed a sense of permanence to the area residents.
 Kate Brown (born June 21 1960) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party. She currently serves as the Oregon Secretary of State and was elected to that office in the 2008 elections. She was re-elected to a second term in 2012.Prior to becoming Secretary of State Brown served in the Oregon State Senate representing Oregon's 21st senate district which includes portions of Northeast and Southeast Portland and Milwaukie.
 Tavakkolabad (Persian: توكل اباد‎ also Romanized as Tavakkolābād; also known as Tawakkulābād) is a village in Rayen Rural District Rayen District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Once There Was a Waltz (German:Es war einmal ein Walzer) is a 1932 German operetta film directed by Victor Janson and starring Mártha Eggerth Rolf von Goth and Paul Hörbiger. It premiered in Berlin on 14 April 1932. The film was remade in Britain as Where Is This Lady? released the same year.
 Nawal 2006 is a 2006 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.
 Yeakle and Miller Houses also known as the Daniel Yeakle and John Faber Miller Houses are two historic homes located at Erdenheim in Springfield Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. They were built in 1892 and are in the Queen Anne style with Shingle Style influences. They are built of stone with shingled hipped roofs and feature two semi-towers and porches.
 Robert S. Kerr III is a Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma. He served as Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma from 1986 to 1990 and as chair of the Oklahoma Democratic Party. He ran unsuccessfully for Oklahoma's 3rd Congressional district seat losing in the Democratic Party primary.Kerr was raised in southeastern Oklahoma. He is the grandson of U.S. Senator Robert S. Kerr.
 Sinot Božji (in Macedonian Cyrillic: Синот Божји The Son of God) is the second studio album by the famous Macedonian singer Tose Proeski. The album was released in Macedonia and Serbia & Montenegro by Avalon Production.
 Kusumsiri Balapatabendi  PC (known as K. Balapatabendi) is a Sri Lankan lawyer and diplomat He was the Permanent Secretary to the President of Sri Lanka (also known as the President's Secretary). Prior to the appointment he was the Secretary to the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka. Balapatabendi had also served as Chairman SriLankan Airlines Senior Legal Adviser to President and Sri Lankan High Commissioner to Australia and New Zealand. He was educated at Rahula College Matara.
 Cecil Bothwell (born 1950) is an American politician writer and builder. Bothwell was elected to the Asheville North Carolina city council in 2009.In 2011 Bothwell announced he would challenge U.S. Representative Heath Shuler in the Democratic primary for North Carolina's 11th congressional district in the 2012 U.S. House of Representatives election.
 Inherit the Wind is a 1999 television film adaptation of the play of the same name. The original 1955 play was written as a parable which fictionalized the 1925 Scopes Monkey Trial as a means of discussing the 1950s McCarthy trials.George C. Scott played Brady. In the 1996 Broadway revival he played Drummond.
 Theophilus Ebenhaezer ('Eben') Dönges (8 March 1898 – 10 January 1968) was a South African politician who was elected State President of South Africa but died before he could take office aged 69.Dr Dönges was a senior member of the National Party which ruled South Africa from 1948 to 1994.
 Phillip L. Isenberg (born February 25 1939) served in the California State Assembly from 1982 to 1996. He represented the city of Sacramento and surrounding areas. Prior to his service in the Assembly he was mayor of Sacramento from 1975 until 1982. Isenberg was known as a budget expert while serving in the Assembly.During his tenure in the Legislature Isenberg served as Chair of the Assembly Judiciary Committee (1989–96) and Assistant Speaker pro Tempore (1986–88).
 Janne Johansson was a Swedish chairman of the Swedish Association football club Malmö FF a post he held for two periods first between 1919 and 1921 and then between 1927 and 1928.
 Melenita de oro (English language: Hair of Gold) is a 1923 silent Argentine film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra. The film premiered on 4 June 1923 in Buenos Aires.
 Playground Battle is the third album by New Zealand Rock Band The Feelers. It includes the number-one hits: Larger Than Life and The Fear. Other singles include Playground Battle Supernova and Stand Up. Since its release a second version The Special Limited Edition was released including a seven-track bonus disc including five re-mastered live tracks recorded from the bands hugely popular 2005 New Zealand tour.
 Kamundan River is a river in southern West Papua Indonesia.
 Boris Efimovich Nemtsov (Russian: Борис Ефимович Немцóв; born 9 October 1959) is a Russian statesman and liberal politician a co-chair of the RPR-PARNAS political party one of the leaders of Solidarnost movement and an outspoken critic of Vladimir Putin.Nemtsov may be best known as the 1st Governor of the Nizhny Novgorod Oblast (1991–97). Later he worked in Government of Russia as Minister of fuel and energy (1997) Vice Premier of Russia and Security Council member from 1997 to 1998.
 Mas'ud Doguwa El-Jibril was elected Senator for the Kano South constituency of Kano State Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic running on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform.
 Brachystomatinae is a subfamily of flies belonging to the family Empididae.
 Robinson House sits at the bottom of Henry Hill near Bull Run in Virginia. The house was named for the family of James Gentleman Jim Robinson a free African American who built the house. The Robinson family descendants of Gentleman Jim owned and occupied the house and a large portion of the land around it from the 1840s until 1936.
 Nosatsu Junkie (悩殺ジャンキー lit. Charming Junkie) is a shōjo manga series by manga artist Ryōko Fukuyama that was serialized in the magazine Hana to Yume.
 Johnny Cash! The Man His World His Music is a 1969 American musical documentary film.
 The Perry Point Mansion House and grist Mill is a national historic district at Perryville Cecil County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story center-passage brick house covered with gray stucco. The 30 foot by 20 foot stone grist mill is built into a river bank and is two to three stories high. Both structures were built about 1750.
 Deccan Chronicle is an Indian English-language daily newspaper. It is published in Hyderabad India by Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited. The newspaper's name derives from the originating place the Deccan regions of India. Deccan Chronicle is also published from Tamil Nadu Karnataka and Kerala. Supplements are TV Guide Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle and Kerala Chronicle.
 Tang-e Tahak (Persian: تنگ طاهك‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Ţāhak) is a village in Sadat Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Dust Mohammad Beyk (Persian: دوست محمدبيك‎ also Romanized as Dūst Moḩammad Beyk and Dūst Moḩammad Beyg) is a village in Dorungar Rural District Now Khandan District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 74 families.
 Insurance Company of North America Building is a building in Philadelphia Pennsylvania USA. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1978.The building was designed by architects Stewardson & Page (formerly Cope & Stewardson) and built by Stone & Webster Inc. It opened in 1925 as the home office of the Insurance Company of North America (INA) then one of the largest property insurance companies in the United States.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād; also known as Fīrūzābād-e Yek) is a village in Tazeh Kand Rural District Tazeh Kand District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1316 in 273 families.
 Inner Revolution is a 1992 album by Adrian Belew. It was re-released in 2003 by Wounded Bird Records.
 Arakuzha is a village 6 km south east of Muvattupuzha in Kerala India. It is located on SH 41 towards Koothattukulam the alternate route for Main Central Road. Moozhi bridge connects Arakuzha to Vazhakulam town which is also 6 km from Arakuzha.
 Janet Ryder (born in Sunderland 21 June 1955) is a Welsh politician. She was a Plaid Cymru member of the National Assembly for Wales for North Wales from 1999 to 2011. She moved with her family to Wales in 1990 and has since learnt Welsh.
 Eskug (Persian: اسكوگ‎ also Romanized as Eskūg Eskūk Askook and Iskaug) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 5 families.
 A Son Is Born is a 1946 Australian melodrama.
 Meydanlar (Persian: ميدانلار‎ also Romanized as Meydānlār and Meydān-e Lār) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 20 families.
 The Mexican Bobcat (Lynx rufus escuinapae) is a subspecies of the bobcat from the cat family Felidae. The Mexican Bobcat is most commonly found in the Mexican states of Sinaloa and Nayarit.
 Clathroterebra russoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Ronald Kenneth Noble (born 1956 at Fort Dix New Jersey) is an American law enforcement officer and the current Secretary General of INTERPOL.
 The Negros Scops Owl (Otus nigrorum) is an owl endemic to the Philippines belonging to the family of the typical owls Strigidae. Negros Scops Owls prey at night on insects. They live alone or in monogamous pairs. They breed throughout the year laying clutches of 1-2 eggs. They nest in trees holes of forests of the Philippine lowlands. They are found on the island of Negros. They were formerly classified as a subspecies of the Philippine Scops Owl.
 Sabbatsbergs sjukhus (English:Sabbath Mountain hospital) is a hospital in Vasastan Stockholm. It was opened in 1879.In 1986 Swedish Prime Minister Olof Palme was pronounced dead at 00:06 CET on March 1 at Sabbatsbergs Hospital after having been shot in the street earlier that night.The emergency clinic at Sabbatsberg closed in 1994.
 The Orange County Courthouse is located at 801 West Division Avenue Orange Texas United States. The art deco courthouse was designed by Charles Henry Page of the firm C. H. Page and Brother of Austin Texas and built in 1937 after a fire destroyed the Old Orange County Courthouse.
 The River Hipper is a tributary of the River Rother in Derbyshire England. Its source is a large expanse of wetlands fed by the surrounding moors between Chatsworth and Chesterfield known as the Hipper Sick on Beeley Moor which is part of the Chatsworth Estate. It then passes through Holymoorside and down into Chesterfield just south of the town centre before flowing into the River Rother.
 Marysin [maˈrɨɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 A Lick of Frost is the sixth book in the Merry Gentry series written by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Kirill Trofimovich Mazurov (Belarusian: Кіры́ла Трафі́мавіч Ма́зураў Russian: Кирилл Трофимович Мазуров; born 25 March 1914 Homyel Voblast Belarus – died 19 December 1989) was a Belarusian Soviet politician.
 Hello My Name Is... is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Bridgit Mendler released on October 22 2012 through Hollywood Records. The first single of the album Ready or Not was released on August 7 2012. It premiered on August 3 2012 and was released as a digital download on August 7 2012. The song was written by Mendler herself Emanuel Eman Kiriakou and Evan Kidd Bogart. The song debuted at number 98 and peaked at number 49 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
 Silverband Shiner (Notropis shumardi) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 Madeleine is a river in eastern France in the Territoire de Belfort département. It is 25 km long and its basin area is 92 km².It begins in the Vosges mountains near the commune of Lamadeleine-Val-des-Anges. It joins the river Saint-Nicolas in the village Bretagne at 340 m above sea level to form the river Bourbeuse.
 Do Dishayen is a 1982 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra Hema Malini and Prem Chopra.
 For the 1923 Preakness Stakes winner of the same name see Vigil IIVigil (foaled 1873) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
 And Chaos Died (1970) is a science fiction novel by Joanna Russ perhaps the genre's best-known feminist author. Its setting is a dystopian projection of modern society in which Earth's population has continued to grow with the effects somewhat mitigated by advanced technology. The novel was nominated for but did not win the 1970 Nebula Award.
 Sing It Now is an EP by the acoustic pop duo Poema. It is the debut EP by the group to be released on Tooth & Nail Records.
 Bronterre Washington Dooley (4 July 1867—19 October 1913) known as Bronte Dooley was an Australian politician and a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 1911 until 1913 representing the seat of Geraldton for the Australian Labor Party. Prior to entering politics he worked for the Labor cause for more than 20 years including helping to organise the first elections in which the Australian Labor movement participated in New South Wales in 1891.
 The Müggelsee also known as the Großer Müggelsee is a lake in the eastern suburbs of Berlin the capital city of Germany. It is the largest of the Berlin lakes by area with an area of 7.4 square kilometres (2.9 sq mi) a length of 4.3 kilometres (2.7 mi) and a breadth of 2.6 kilometres (1.6 mi).
 Risdon Prison Complex formerly H.M. Prison Risdon an Australian medium to maximum security prison for males is located in Risdon Vale Tasmania. The facility is operated by the Tasmanian Prison Service an agency of the Department of Justice of the Government of Tasmania.
 The Forrest's Pika (Ochotona forresti) is a species of mammal in the Ochotonidae family. It is found in Bhutan China India and Myanmar. In India it has been recorded from Arunachal Pradesh in the north-east.
 Bullhead Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Mount Wilbur is North of Bullhead Lake.
 Ayatollah Mohammad Bahr al-Ulloum (Arabic: محمد بحر العلوم‎) (born 17 December 1927) is a Twelver Shi'a Islamic leader and politician in Iraq.Father of Ibrahim Mohammad Bahr al-Ulloum Oil Minister of Iraq from September 2003 to June 2004 and again during 2005.Al-Ulloum was a longtime opponent of the rule of Saddam Hussein. By 1992 he had moved to London where he opposed Saddam's rule for many years.
 Saskatchewan Hospital was the first mental health hospital to be built in Saskatchewan Canada. Prior to being established patients were sent to hospitals in Manitoba. The first superintendent of the hospital was James Walter MacNeill.
 Akhtang (Russian: Ахтанг) is a shield volcano topped by a small basaltic stratovolcano located in the Sredinny Range on the Kamchatka Peninsula Russia southeast of the Ichinsky volcano.
 Matchlee Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 37 km (23 mi) southeast of Gold River and 10 km (6 mi) west of Mount Myra.
 Daniele Cortis (also known as Elena) is a 1947 Italian drama film directed by Mario Soldati and starring Vittorio Gassman Sarah Churchill and Gino Cervi. The film depicts the breakdown of an unhappy marriage in Nineteenth century Italy. It is an adaptation of the 1885 novel of the same title by Antonio Fogazzaro
 Chrapoń [ˈxrapɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Karuji (Persian: كروجي‎ also Romanized as Karūjī) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 Simplemente La Verdad is a 2008 album released by Franco De Vita. The album received a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Singer-Songwriter Album.
 Norman Frank Wilson (September 5 1876 – July 14 1956) was an Ontario farmer and political figure.
 Rollercoaster is a soundtrack album to the motion picture of the same name by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1977 and released on the MCA label.
 Austin Knudsen is a Republican member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to House District 36 which represents the Culbertson area.
 Culture Shed (also known as Hudson Yards Cultural Shed) is an independent non-profit cultural organization with a building under development on the far west side of Manhattan being built as part of the Hudson Yards Redevelopment Project adjacent to the northern leg of the High Line and in the Chelsea gallery district.
 In One Person is a 2012 novel by American author John Irving his 13th since 1968. The book was published on May 8 2012 by Simon & Schuster and deals with the coming of age of a bisexual man and his coming to grips with his sexual identity.
 Electra Glide in Blue is a 1973 film starring Robert Blake as a motorcycle cop in Arizona and Billy Green Bush as his partner. The name stems from the Harley-Davidson Electra Glide motorcycle issued to traffic cops.
 Keith Marshall Gingery (born September 13 1969 in Frederick Maryland) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing District 23 since January 2005.
 Crassiclava is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 Rosni Peak (Albanian: Maja e Rosit; Serbian: Rosni Vrh/Росни Врх) is the highest peak of a mountain named Bjelić located on the border between Albania and Montenegro. It is 2524 m (8280 feet) high the large mountain in the Prokletije range and the third highest mountain in Montenegro.
 The Fall of Colossus is a science fiction novel written in 1974 by the British author Dennis Feltham Jones. It is the second volume in the Colossus trilogy and a sequel to Jones' 1966 novel Colossus.
 Kevin Aguiar is an American politician who represented the 7th Bristol district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He was first elected in a 2008 special election following Robert Correia's resignation to become Mayor of Fall River Massachusetts. From 2000-2009 Aguiar served as a member of the Fall School Committee.
 Pleasant Dreams is a 1997 album by Beatnik Termites covering the sixth album by The Ramones in its entirety with the exception of the song It's Not My Place (In the 9 to 5 World). Other Ramones cover albums include Ramones (by Screeching Weasel) Rocket To Russia (by The Queers) Leave Home (by The Vindictives) Road To Ruin (by The Mr. T Experience) and End Of The Century (by Boris The Sprinkler).
 The William and Catherine Davern Farm House is an Italianate farmhouse built in 1862 in Saint Paul Minnesota United States; it is one of a small number of surviving farmhouses in Saint Paul. William Davern was a member of the first territorial legislature. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Chah-e Mohammadabad Heybati (Persian: چاه محمدابادهيبتي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Moḩmmadābād Heybatī) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Baba Mahmud-e Vosta (Persian: بابامحمودوسطي‎ also Romanized as Bābā Maḩmūd-e Vosţá) is a village in Dehpir Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 38 families.
 The Charles LeMoyne Hospital (French: Hôpital Charles-LeMoyne) is the major hospital in Longueuil Quebec Canada. It is located on Taschereau Boulevard in the borough of Greenfield Park opposite the borough of Saint-Hubert and in close proximity to the LeMoyne neighbourhood in the borough of Le Vieux-Longueuil. It also serves neighbouring cities on the south shore of Montreal. It is a regional centre for short-care term and specializes in emergency care ambulance services.
 The End of This Chapter is the name of Sonata Arctica's first compilation album named after the track (taken from their album Silence). It was released in August 2005 in Japan but European release dates indicate May 3 2006.
 Matthew Peter Schneider III known as Pete Schneider (born December 2 1953) is a Slidell Louisiana businessman who served four terms between 1992 and 2008 as a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 90 which encompasses his St. Tammany Parish. Known for his anti-crime legislative endeavors Schneider who was term-limited in the House was handily defeated in a contest for the District 11 seat in the Louisiana State Senate (St.
 Partie de campagne (pronounced: [paʁ.ti də kɑ̃.paɲ]; A Day in the Country) is a 1936 French featurette written and directed by Jean Renoir based on a short story by Guy de Maupassant who was a friend of Renoir's father the renowned painter Auguste Renoir.
 Édifice Ernest-Cormier was the second courthouse in Montreal to bear the name Palais de justice de Montréal. It was built between 1922 and 1926 and designed by architects Louis-Auguste Amos Charles Jewett Saxe and Ernest Cormier. It was the first major commission for Cormier after his return to Montreal from his studies in Paris. After Cormier's death in 1980 the building was renamed in his honour.
 A Yank in Australia is a 1942 Australian comedy directed by Alfred J. Goulding an Australian born filmmaker who had worked in Hollywood.
 The Big Blow is a 2000 novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It tells a fictional story of real life boxing great Jack Johnson.
 UpGround is a condominium located in Bucharest at the intersection of Barbu Văcărescu and Fabrica de Glucoză streets and Şoseaua Petricani. The project consists of four buildings two residential and two office with a total floor area of 226000 square metres (2430000 sq ft). The two residential buildings have 16 floors each and include a number of 600 apartments and have a floor area of 126000 square metres (1360000 sq ft).
 The Kaskaskia River is a tributary of the Mississippi River approximately 325 miles (523 km) long in central and southern Illinois in the United States. The second largest river system within Illinois it drains a rural area of farms as well as rolling hills along river bottoms of hardwood forests in its lower reaches.
 Unblackened is a live acoustic album by Black Label Society. It was recorded live on March 6 2013 at Club Nokia in Los Angeles. Disc 1 consists on live tracks and Disc 2 consists also of live tracks among 6 newly recorded songs which of 3 are re-recordings of previously released songs of Black Label Society's studio albums. The album was announced back in 2012 but was delayed due to the delaying of the show which was settled to be recorded in August.
 Sheraton Imperial Kuala Lumpur is a five star hotel located on Jalan Sultan Ismail in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia.
 The Mt. Olive Road Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Vinton County Ohio United States. Located northeast of Allensville the bridge carries Mt. Olive Road through a valley in northwestern Vinton County. In the earliest days of white settlement of southern Ohio the Mt. Olive Road was a major transportation artery; until about 1825 it was heavily used by travellers between Marietta and Chillicothe.Built on stone piers and covered with a metal roof the Mt.
 The 13 Clocks is a fantasy tale written by James Thurber in 1950 while he was completing one of his other novels. It is written in a unique cadenced style in which a mysterious prince must complete a seemingly impossible task to free a maiden from the clutches of an evil duke.
 The Good Companions is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Victor Saville starring Jessie Matthews and John Gielgud. It is based on the novel of the same name by J.B. Priestley.
 Edward Babiuch (['edvart ˈbabjux] ; born December 28 1927) was a Polish Communist political figure. He was one of four deputy chairmen of the Polish Council of State 1976–1980. Babiuch briefly served as the Prime Minister of Poland in 1980 from February 18 to August 24 of that year.
 En Purushan Kuzhandhai Maadhiri (English: My Husband is Like a Child) is a 2001 Tamil film directed by S. P. Rajkumar. The film stars Livingston Devayani and Vindhya in lead roles. The music was composed by Deva. The film was released in 2001 with mixed reviews. The film was remade in Telugu as Maa Ayana Chanti Pilladu with Sivaji Meera Jasmine and Sangeetha in lead roles.
 Al Ittihad (in Arabic الإتحاد meaning Union) is an Arabic language newspaper published daily in the United Arab Emirates. The paper is the first regular publication of the country.
 Ostrowąs [ɔsˈtrɔvɔ̃s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 24 km (15 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 423.
 Esztergályhorváti is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Robinsonia flavicorpus is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1910. It is found in Guyana and French Guiana.
 The pygmy gerbil Gerbillus henleyi is distributed mainly in Algeria to Israel and the Arabian Peninsula. It is also known as Henley's gerbil or pygmy dipodil.
 Leptocaris is a genus of copepods in the family Darcythompsoniidae. One species the Mexican endemic L. stromatolicolus is included on the IUCN Red List as a vulnerable species. The genus contains the following species:
 Parzęczew [paˈʐɛnt͡ʂɛf] is a village in Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Parzęczew. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 672.
 Sysenvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Eidfjord in Hordaland county Norway.
 Blåbreahøe is a summit ridge consisting of three peaks in Jotunheimen National Park in Oppland Norway.
 The Muttler (3293 m) is the highest mountain in the Samnaun Alps. It is located south of Samnaun in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. An antenna is located west of the summit.
 Sarah and Son is a 1930 American drama film which tells the story of a woman who searches for the son that her abusive husband sold to a wealthy family. It stars Ruth Chatterton Fredric March Fuller Mellish Jr. Gilbert Emery and Doris Lloyd. It was filmed at Paramount Studios in Los Angeles and released by Paramount Pictures.The movie was adapted by Zoë Akins from the novel by Timothy Shea. It was directed by Dorothy Arzner.
 Daddy Longlegs is a 2006 record by folk singer John Craigie. It is his third album and the second to feature backing band The Accidental Poets. It has many Craigie fan-favorites such as White Sands She Saves All Her Love for Me and the title track.
 Snypaz is the third and final album released by the rap group Snypaz. It was released on November 19 2002 for Rap-A-Lot Records and was produced by Mr. Lee Mike Dean and J. Dubb. Unlike the group's previous album this was not a success.
 The Arraia River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 1980 is title of the debut album by Danish punk/metal band Brats.
 If They Tell You I Fell (Spanish: Si te dicen que caí) is a 1989 Spanish film written and directed by Vicente Aranda starring Jorge Sanz and Victoria Abril. The film is an adaptation of the novel of the same title by Catalan author Juan Marsé. Set mostly in the old quarter of 1940s Barcelona the film centers in a young rag and bone merchant who falls in love with a prostitute. If They Tell You I Fell has an intricate narrative in which real and imagined stories blend in a crosswords style.
 A Nicer Shade of Red is a compilation album by the Rollins Band. It was recorded at the same sessions that produced Nice making it a companion piece to that album and was released directly by Rollins' 2.13.61 label. The album features four songs that only appeared on vinyl or foreign CD releases of Nice as well as an extended mix of Your Number Is One and a cover of Rocket from the Tombs' Ain't It Fun.
 Patton is a 1970 American biographical war film about U.S. General George S. Patton during World War II. It stars George C. Scott Karl Malden Michael Bates and Karl Michael Vogler. It was directed by Franklin J. Schaffner from a script by Francis Ford Coppola and Edmund H. North who based their screenplay on the biography Patton: Ordeal and Triumph by Ladislas Farago and Omar Bradley's memoir A Soldier's Story. The film was shot in 65mm Dimension 150 by cinematographer Fred J.
 The Sacketts is a 1979 American Western television film directed by Robert Totten and starring Sam Elliott Tom Selleck Jeff Osterhage and Glenn Ford. Based on the novels The Daybreakers and Sackett by Louis L'Amour the film recounts the story of the Sackett brothers in 1869 who leave their Tennessee home and start a new life together in Santa Fe.
 The Nădrag River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Valea Padeşului and Valea Cornetului
 Mount Brewer is on the Great Western Divide a sub-range of the Sierra Nevada in California. It is located in Kings Canyon National ParkThe peak was named for William Henry Brewer who worked on the first California Geological Survey and was the first Chair of Agriculture at Yale University's Sheffield Scientific School. He was chief of the field party that explored the central High Sierra in 1864.
 Télé Poche (literally Pocket TV) is a weekly television listings magazine published by Mondadori France. Created by Franco-Italian editor Cino Del Duca Télé Poche was launched on 12 January 1966 by Cora-Révillon's Mondiales subsidiary.The magazine takes its name from its original digest size format (13.8 x 20.9 cm 5.4 x 8.2 inches) half the size of traditional magazines.
 The Blackwater River is in the South Island of New Zealand flowing into the Buller River between Westport and Inangahua Junction. The river was named due to the dark coloured waters the Māori discovered.
 To Sail Beyond the Sunset is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein published in 1987. It was the last novel published before he died in 1988.The title is taken from the poem Ulysses by Alfred Lord Tennyson.
 Paradros is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 St Luke's Church is a United Reformed church in the Silverhill suburb of Hastings a town and borough in East Sussex England. The congregation was originally independent (not linked to any Christian denomination) before taking up Presbyterianism and worshipped in a private house from its founding in 1853 until a permanent church was provided in 1857; this was one of the oldest Presbyterian places of worship in southeast England.
 Paramesolepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Tournaisian stage of the Mississippian epoch.
 Oakwood is a historic home at Harwood Anne Arundel County Maryland. It was built in the 1850s and is a 2 1⁄2-story frame vernacular farmhouse with Greek Revival influenced details. It is a highly intact mid-19th-century tobacco plantation dwelling and is associated with Sprigg Harwood a leader in the failed initiative to have Maryland leave the Union and align with the newly formed Confederate States of America.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Amato II Cabinet was the 56th cabinet of the Italian Republic the fourth and last cabinet of the XIII Legislature.
 Baily House is a historic home located at Newark in New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1835 and is a 2 1⁄2-story L-shaped frame dwelling with a three-bay front facade. It was probably constructed as a single-family dwelling that may have been formerly connected to a row of matching houses. Some believe that it was moved from Baltimore to Newark in the mid-19th century.
 The Honourable Charles Gurney Seymour 1st Viscount Seymour of the Downs is a fictional character in the political novel First Among Equals by Jeffrey Archer. When the novel was first published in the United States the character's name was altered to Charles Gurney Hampton.He is the second son of the Earl of Bridgewater.
 The Corn da Camp (also known as Corno di Campo) is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located in Graubünden Switzerland. On its northern side lies a glacier named Vedreit da Camp.
 Star Crystal is a 1986 science fiction movie directed by Lance Lindsay.
 The Devil's Bris is the debut album by the dark cabaret/Dark Wave artist Voltaire. It was released in 1998 by Projekt Records. The album's title is derived from the juxtaposition of the figure of the devil and the Jewish circumcision ritual the bris milah.The tracks Ex-Lover's Lover and When You're Evil also appear on Voltaire's greatest hits album Deady Sings!.
 Journal Of Librarianship And Information Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Information Science and Library Science. The journal's Editor is Anne Goulding (Victoria University of Wellington). It has been in publication since 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Curături River is a tributary of the Taița River in Romania.
 The Field Cathedral of the Polish Army (Polish: Katedra Polowa Wojska Polskiego also known as the Church of Our Lady Queen of the Polish Crown) is the main garrison church of Warsaw and the representative cathedral of the entire Polish Army. In the past the church served a variety of communities and roles: it used to be the church of the Collegium Nobilium and in the 19th century was also turned into a Russian Orthodox church.
 The Dos Meros River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Bracken Baptist Church (Old Minerva Church) is a historic church on CR 1235 in Minerva Kentucky.The Bracken Baptist Church (structure) built circa 1840-1842 is an example of prostyle Greek Revival church architecture. The Bracken County Church established in 1793 is the oldest constituted Baptist church in northeastern Kentucky and one of six churches included in the Bracken Association.
 St. Katherine's Chapel also known as St. Katherine's Episcopal Chapel is an historic Episcopal church building located at 4650 North Meridian Road in Williamston Township near Williamston Michigan. It was built 1n 1887 in the Carpenter Gothic style of architecture by John Harris Forster in memory of his daughter Kittie (real name Katherine) who had died in 1864 at the age of six. In 1888 Forster gave the chapel to Episcopal Diocese of Michigan and it was named St.
 Monster Hunter Orage (モンスターハンター オラージュ Monsutā Hantā Orāju) is a shōnen manga written and illustrated by Hiro Mashima. Loosely based on the Monster Hunter series of video games by Capcom Monster Hunter Orage premiered in Kodansha's Shōnen Rival in April 2008.
 W 63 minuty dookoła świata (Polish: Around the world in 63 minutes) is the second studio album by Polish hip-hop group Kaliber 44 released on March 2 1998 on S.P. Records. On November 25 1998 the album went gold according to ZPAV. In Poland the album got the Fryderyk award for the best hip-hop album of the year.
 The Queens Nose is a children's novel by Dick King-Smith first published by Gollancz in 1983 with illustrations by Jill Bennett. Set in England where King-Smith lived it features a girl who can use a fifty pence coin to make wishes. It was adapted as the 1995 TV series The Queen's Nose which was a great success and ran for 7 series.
 Javzar (Persian: جوزر‎; also known as Kānlī Bābā Tappehsī) is a village in Avajiq-e Shomali Rural District Dashtaki District Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 16 families.
 Persistence of Vision is a 2012 documentary film based on Richard Williams' experiences trying to get The Thief and the Cobbler made. Its tagline is: about the greatest animated film never made. The film premiered in Canada on 4 October 2012 at the Vancouver International Film Festival.
 Horsethief Basin Lake is located near Crown King in central Arizona. The lake features a dam which is open to pedestrians and anglers.
 Red Hot + Bothered (also known as Red Hot + Bothered: The Indie Rock Guide Book to Dating) is an anthology of the indie rock scene from the 1990s produced by Paul Heck. It was released as part of the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series.The recording initially appeared as a pair of 10 EP recordings bundled with limited edition fanzines and spoofing dating guides.
 Dasadhyayi (Devanāgarī: दशाध्यायी IAST: Daśādhyāyī) is the famous reputed commentary on the first ten chapters of Varāha Mihira’s Bṛhat Jātaka by Govinda Bhaṭṭathiri (1237 – 1295) of Talakkulam who hailed from Alattur a village near Thirur in South Malabar Kerala and who had also written Muhūrtapadavī.
 Elophila minoralis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family that is found in Madagascar.
 Palmer-Marsh House was built in 1744 as a combination residence and place of business located in Bath North Carolina.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.It is located on the east side of Main Street just south of Carteret Street (NC 92).Tours of the house are available through the Historic Bath visitor center.
 The Mackenzie River (Slavey language: Deh-Cho big river or Inuvialuktun: Kuukpak great river) is the largest and longest river system in Canada and is exceeded only by the Mississippi River system in North America. It flows through a vast isolated region of forest and tundra entirely within the country's Northwest Territories although its many tributaries reach into four other Canadian provinces and territories.
 Lancaster is a village in Erie County New York United States. As of the 2010 census the village population was 10352. It is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.The Village of Lancaster is in the west part of the Town of Lancaster and is east of Buffalo New York.The Lancaster Opera House is locally famous for its musicals and stage plays. The current mayor is Paul Maute.
 Mount Superbus lies 150 km (93 mi) south-west of Brisbane and is South East Queensland's highest peak at 1375 metres (4500 feet). At this elevation it is the third highest peak in Queensland. Only Mount Bellenden Ker at 1593 m and Mount Bartle Frere at 1622 m in Far North Queensland are higher.It has an extensive logging history dating back to the mid-19th century. Mount Superbus was originally covered in dense hoop pine forests.
 Slacker Uprising is a movie of Michael Moore's tour of colleges in swing states during the 2004 election with a goal to encourage 18–29 year olds to vote and the response it received. The film is a re-edited version of Captain Mike Across America which played at the Toronto International Film Festival in 2007.It is one of the first feature length films made by a known director to be released as a free and legal download online.
 Recently is a 1987 album by Joan Baez. At the time of its release it was the her first album of new material issued in the US in eight years.
 Karczówka [karˈt͡ʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Złotniki Kujawskie 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Inowrocław 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz and 34 km (21 mi) west of Toruń.
 False Paradise is a 1948 American film starring William Boyd as western character Hopalong Cassidy.
 For other species that go under the name bull ray see bull ray (disambiguation).Pteromylaeus is a genus of eagle rays in the family Myliobatidae. They are commonly known as bull rays a name that is also used specifically to refer to Pteromylaeus bovinus as well as colloquially for a number of other large Australian rays such as Myliobatis australis and Dasyatis thetidis. Two species are known.
 Muscles is the debut solo album by hip hop musician Mele Mel despite being involved in the rap music industry since 1978. The album was released January 23 2007 for Power House Entertainment and was produced by Mele Mel and Frank G. The album gained positive reviews but was a commercial failure and did not chart on the album charts. One single was released - M-3: The New Message on download and 12 promo (simply titled M-3 on the album) however that too did not chart.
 Ab Shabandar (Persian: ابشباندر‎ also Romanized as Āb Shabāndar) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 16 families.
 Said Suleiman Said (born 15 June 1958) is a Tanzanian CUF politician and Member of Parliament for Mtambwe constituency since 2010.
 Mordella panamensis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 The Witching Hour (1990) by Anne Rice is the first novel in her series Lives of the Mayfair Witches. The novel begins the tale of a family of witches and a spirit that has guided their fortunes for generations.
 Catocala separata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Balkans the Mediterranean part of southern Turkey and the Levant.There is one generation per year. Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae probably feed on Quercus species.
 The Tangarakau River is a river of the Taranaki and Manawatu-Wanganui Regions of New Zealand's North Island. It flows south from its sources to the northeast of Whangamomona in the King Country to reach the Whanganui River.State Highway 43 known as the Forgotten World Highway travels through the Tangarakau Gorge.
 The Bank of Glen Jean is located in the unincorporated community of Glen Jean West Virginia. The bank was the financial center of a railroading mining and financial conglomerate belonging to William McKell son of Thomas G. and Jean McKell the town's namesake. Built in 1909 the bank operated until 1939. It is now a visitor contact center for New River Gorge National River.The bank is built in stone masonry using local sandstone found above the Sewell coal seam.
 St. John's Church (Latvian: Svētā Jāņa Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca) is a Lutheran church in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 24 Skārņu Street.
 Paracymoriza taiwanalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 I Break Chairs is Damien Jurado's fourth album and first with his backing band Gathered in Song. The album was produced by the former lead singer of Pedro the Lion and Headphones David Bazan.
 The Piano is a 1993 New Zealand romantic drama film about a mute pianist and her daughter set during the mid-19th century in a rainy muddy frontier backwater on the west coast of New Zealand. The film was written and directed by Jane Campion and stars Holly Hunter Harvey Keitel Sam Neill and Anna Paquin in her first acting role. It features a score for the piano by Michael Nyman which became a best-selling soundtrack album.
 The Peabody-Williams House is a historic house at 7 Norman Road in Newton Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1891 and is one of the finest Shingle style houses in the Newton Highlands area. It was designed by J. Williams Beal and features extensive interior carving work by a locally prominent woodcarver Andrew Lees.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Afghan is a 2006 thriller novel by Frederick Forsyth.
 Theophilus Albert Willy was a Republican member of the Wisconsin Legislature.He was born on April 16 1845 at Somersetshire England where he was educated. In 1866 he came to Appleton Wisconsin where he worked as a miller and buyer of grain for a few years. From 1870 to 1878 he was a manufacturer of staves (wooden parts for barrels) and lumber and was also a dealer of merchandise.
 Pseudatemelia detrimentella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Staudinger in 1859. It is found in Spain and Portugal.The wingspan is about 17 mm.
 Ewaso Ng'iro is a river in Kenya which rises on the west side of Mount Kenya and flows north then east and finally south-east passing through Somalia where it joins the Jubba River.The upper basin of the Ewaso Ng'iro River is 15200-square-kilometre (5900 sq mi). The river has a continuous water supply due to the glaciers on Mount Kenya. It is used for canoeing and has up to grade V rapids.The river's name is derived from the local community's language.
 Carbon Grey is a comic book mini-series created by artist Hoang Nguyen (Punisher: War Zone Alien Legion) and published by Image Comics. Set against the backdrop of a great war the series follows twin sisters Mathilde and Giselle Grey members of a noble family dedicated to protecting the Kaiser of Mitteleuropa as they struggle to reconcile duty with their own beliefs and ambitions.
 Big Truck (foaled 2005 in New York- March 4 2010) was an American Thoroughbred Racehorse.
 Sphictostethus nitidus the golden hunter wasp or red spider wasp is a species of pepsid spider wasp which is endemic to New Zealand.
 Kochadaiiyaan (English: The king with long curly mane) is the soundtrack album composed by A. R. Rahman to the upcoming 3D motion capture computer-animated Tamil film of the same name directed by Soundarya R. Ashwin. The original version as well as the dubbed Telugu version of the soundtrack (titled Vikramasimha) was released on 9 March 2014. The Hindi version was released online on Eros Now on March 13 2014.
 Problepsis longipannis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India (the Khasia Hills).
 Plugged by Eoin Colfer is a novel released on September 1 2011.The cover was first shown in an interview with Artemis Fowl Confidential. It was published in a slightly revised format.
 Blood in the Face is a 1991 documentary film about white supremacy groups in North America. It was directed by Anne Bohlen Kevin Rafferty and James Ridgeway. It features many interviews with various white supremacist leaders and archival footage of others.
 The John P. Cahoon House is a historic home in Murray Utah United States. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a significant example of residential Victorian Eclecticism in Murray and as the home for over twenty years of John P.
 Bill and Coo is a 1948 film directed by Dean Riesner filmed in Trucolor and conceived to showcase George Burton's trained birds (Burton's Birds). The 61-minute live-action film stars many types of birds including budgies commonly known in the US as parakeets) and lovebirds. The film also features other trained animals including cats dogs and a crow.
 Cycloptilum irregularis is a species of insect in family Gryllidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Our Nig: Sketches from the Life of a Free Black is an autobiographical slave narrative by Harriet E. Wilson. It was published in 1859 and rediscovered in 1982 by professor Henry Louis Gates Jr.. It is considered the first novel published by an African-American woman on the North American continent.
 Silent No More: Victim 1's Fight for Justice Against Jerry Sandusky is a 2012 book by Aaron Fisher identified as Victim 1 in the Penn State child sex abuse scandal. Fisher is called Victim 1 because it was his reporting his abuse to high school officials that set off the investigation that led to Sandusky's conviction.
 Shooter is a Canadian short film.
 Simcha Felder is a member of the New York State Senate representing the 17th District which includes the Brooklyn neighborhoods of Borough Park Midwood Brooklyn Chinatown and parts of Bensonhurst and Gravesend. He was first elected in November 2012 defeating incumbent Republican State Senator David Storobin. Within days of his election however Felder announced that despite being elected as a Democrat he intended to caucus with the Republicans in the New York State Senate.
 Slow Riot for New Zerø Kanada is the first EP released by Godspeed You! Black Emperor. It was released on the Montreal-based record label Constellation Records in 1999 and was re-released by Kranky Records. Users of the website Rate Your Music rate it as the greatest EP of all time.
 The Report Card is a children's novel by Andrew Clements first published in 2004. The story is narrated by a 5th grade girl Nora Rose Rowley. Nora is secretly a genius but does not tell anyone for fear that she will be thought of as different.
 He's Keith Murray is the fourth album by rapper Keith Murray and his first released by Def Jam. It was critically and commercially well received. It included the smash single Yeah Yeah U Know It.
 William Smith Peck Sr. (1873–1946) was a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Sicily Island in Catahoula Parish Louisiana having served from 1920-1928.Peck a businessman and farmer was married to the former Estelle Woodard (1893–1983). Their children were William S. Peck Jr. (1916–1987) who held the same House seat as his father from 1956–1964; Barbara Jane Peck Gilbert (1922–1987) the first wife of retired State Senator J.C. Sonny Gilbert and Henry C.
 Hit & Myth is the fifth studio album by New Zealand singer Jenny Morris released in August 2002 by Yep! Records seven years since the release of her last album Salvation Jane. Yep! was a new independent record label established by Warren Fahey who founded Larrikin Records. The album was co-produced by Nick Wales (CODA) was released on 8 May 2002 by Yep! Records.
 Dilek Sabanci is the Turkish chairperson and CEO of Vista Tourism and Travel a firm that she founded in 1989. She is an heir to the family fortune being the daughter of the Turkish entrepreneur Hacı Ömer Sabancı who formed the second largest industrial and financial conglomerate in the country Sabancı Holding. According to the latest profile on Forbes she is worth upwards of £1 billion.
 Sacred is the second album by Irish alternative rock band Paradox released on May 11 2004.
 Hard to Kill is a 1990 American action film directed by Bruce Malmuth and starring Steven Seagal Kelly LeBrock Frederick Coffin Branscombe Richmond and William Sadler. Steven Seagal plays Detective Mason Storm who falls into a coma after being shot during a fire-fight that killed his wife Felicia. He reawakens seven years later to find his son Sonny alive and seeks vengeance with the coma-ward nurse and his old partner.
 After Many a Summer (1939) is a novel by Aldous Huxley that tells the story of a Hollywood millionaire who fears his impending death; it was published in the United States as After Many a Summer Dies the Swan. Written soon after Huxley left England and settled in California the novel is Huxley's examination of American culture particularly what he saw as its narcissism superficiality and obsession with youth.
 Balte (Cyrillic: Балте) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Zhang Yuzhe is a lunar impact crater located on the Lunar far side near the southern pole. The crater is located between the prominent craters Crommelin and Zeeman. Zhang Yuzhe was adopted and named after Chinese astronomer Zhang Yuzhe by the IAU in August 2010.
 Tonyosynthemis claviculata more commonly known as the Clavicle Tigertail is a species of dragonfly. They are commonly found in Queensland Australia along Australian streams and rivers or near the eastern Australian coast and drainage basins.
 The German Medical Journal is an independent English-language magazine from Germany for an international medical community. With its Digital Edition and its Bilingualism (Arabic-English and Russian-English) the magazine has a broad international circulation.
 Piece of Paradise is a pop rock album released by the Canadian band Sky on June 29 1999.
 The Landscape of Love (The Sisters Mortland in the US edition) is the most recent novel published since the critically acclaimed Rebecca's Tale by British author Sally Beauman. It tells the tale of the Mortland girls – beautiful but cold Julia; remote and aloof Finn; and young ‘different’ Maisie – who come with their mother Stella to live in their grandfather's home a huge and ancient ruin of an abbey.
 The Record of Nobita: Spaceblazer (のび太の宇宙開拓史 Nobita no Uchū Kaitakushi) is a 1981 animated film based on the popular manga and anime series Doraemon. It was released in 1981. The movie was released in Japan 14 March 1981. In 2009 the film was remade as Doraemon: The New Record of Nobita: Spaceblazer.
 Thomas P. Morahan (October 11 1931 – July 12 2010) was a member of the New York State Senate for the 38th district covering all of Rockland County and parts of Orange County New York. He was first elected in a special election in 1999.Morahan after winning the November 4th elections was serving his sixth term at the time of his death in 2010 though he had announced his retirement at the end of the term due to age and leukemia (which ultimately caused his death).
 Veyhaj (Persian: ويهج‎ also Romanized as Vīhaj and Vīhej; also known as Wahaj) is a village in Badr Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 757 in 192 families.
 My Gift to You is the second published album and third studio album by Christchurch soprano Hayley Westenra. The album was released only in New Zealand and Australia. It was published by the Universal New Zealand label in 2001.Westenra chose favourite Christmas and seasonal songs in this album featuring guests such as Annie Crummer Sophie Westenra.
 Deshdrohi is a 2008 Hindi movie. The film stars Ankit Sharma Krishna Abhishek Hrishitaa Bhatt Gracy Singh and Zulfi Syed.
 Shojaabad (Persian: شجاع آباد‎ also Romanized as Shojā‘ābād; also known as Sajādābād and Sijjādābād) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 34 families.
 Graeme Lindsay Sturges (born 31 May 1955) is an Australian politician. He was an Australian Labor Party member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly from 2002 to 2010 representing the Hobart-based electorate of Denison and from May 2008 until 2010 he was the state Minister for Infrastructure. Sturges lost his seat at the 2010 state election but regained it on 26 May 2011 in a recount triggered by the resignation of David Bartlett.
 Karpinsky Group (Russian: Вулкан Карпинского) is a volcanic group located at the southern end of Paramushir Island Kuril Islands Russia. The group is capped by two gently sloping cones rising to a height of 1345 m. They are composed of andesites and andesite-basalts. In the two craters there are fumaroles and fountains of liquid sulfur. The last major and only historic eruption was in 1952.
 Gerald F. Jerry Newton (born September 15 1937) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) he represents District 37A which includes portions of Anoka County in the northern Twin Cities metropolitan area. He is also a former grocery store owner and career soldier.
 Pranay Vivek Patil ([ˈpraːɳəj ˈpaːtil]; (born 1986)) is an Indian politician. Born in Bangalore he is the son of Vivekrao Patil an educationalist and grandson of politician V.L. Patil. He is an alumnus of The Doon School. He completed his mechanical engineering Bachelor's degree in Germany.He was elected member to the District Government of Karnataka in January 2011 with the highest victory margin in the state . Patil is also the youngest member in the District Legislative Council of Belgaum.
 Kamieńczyk [kaˈmjɛɲt͡ʂɨk] (German: Steinbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzylesie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Międzylesie 38 kilometres (24 mi) south of Kłodzko and 118 kilometres (73 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Moebius is a 2013 South Korean drama film written and directed by Kim Ki-duk. It was screened out of competition at the 70th Venice International Film Festival. It was initially banned in South Korea before the Korea Media Rating Board reviewed the film and changed the rating.
 The Washington Post (WP) is an American daily newspaper. It is the most widely circulated newspaper published in Washington D.C. and was founded in 1877 making it the area's oldest extant newspaper.Located in the capital city of the United States the newspaper has a particular emphasis on national politics. Daily editions are printed for the District of Columbia Maryland and Virginia. The newspaper is published as a broadsheet with photographs printed both in color and in black and white.
 Rykkinn is a dormitory town in the north-west of Bærum with about 10000-15000 inhabitants. It is located between Kolsås and the area of Skui and Vøyenenga.Rykkinn consists mainly of apartment blocks and smaller houses. Most of Rykkinn's buildings and infrastructure were built in the early 1970s due to the growing demands for housing near Oslo.
 Frank Charles Carlucci III (born October 18 1930) served as the United States Secretary of Defense from 1987 to 1989 in the administration of President Ronald Reagan. Prior to that Carlucci served in a variety of senior-level governmental positions including Director of the Office of Economic Opportunity in the Richard Nixon administration Deputy Director of the CIA in the Jimmy Carter administration and Deputy Secretary of Defense and National Security Advisor in the Reagan administration.
 Ian Moore is the eponymous debut album by Ian Moore and was released in 1993 (see 1993 in music).
 Bilat Ferat is a 1921 Bengali silent film directed by N.C. Lahiri and produced by Dhirendra Nath Ganguly. It is one of the earliest Bengali feature film. It is the first Indian feature film having intimate kissing-smooching scenes. It was a silent love-story (comedy included) which became a great hit. This film started a never-ending trail of love and romance stories in Indian movies.
 Maximilien François Marie Isidore Robespierre (IPA: [ma.ksi.mi.ljɛ̃ fʁɑ̃.swa ma.ʁi i.zi.dɔʁ də ʁɔ.bɛs.pjɛʁ]; 6 May 1758 – 28 July 1794) was a French lawyer and politician and one of the best-known and most influential figures of the French Revolution.As a member of the Estates-General the Constituent Assembly and the Jacobin Club he advocated against the death penalty and for the abolition of slavery while supporting equality of rights universal suffrage and the establishment of a republic. 
 Ribdung Jaleswori is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2039 persons living in 416 individual households.
 Epiepischnia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Amsel in 1954 and contains the species E. pseudolydella. It is found in Iran.
 Bisheh (Persian: بيشه‎ also Romanized as Bīsheh) is a village in Doreh Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 49 families.
 Seminole Heights United Methodist Church also referred to as Seminole Heights Methodist or Seminole Heights UMC is an active Methodist congregation and a historic Gothic Revival style church building constructed in 1927 in the Old Seminole Heights neighborhood of Tampa Florida. The building is one of the contributing structures within the Seminole Heights Residential District a U.S. National and Local Historic District.
 Black and Blue is a 1997 crime novel by Ian Rankin. The eighth of the Inspector Rebus novels it was the first to be adapted in the Rebus television series starring John Hannah airing in 2000.It is considered a landmark entry in the Tartan Noir genre.
 Acrocercops albofasciella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Kyūshū Honshū).The wingspan is about 7.5 mm.The larvae feed on Ficus species. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Elisha and Lizzie Morse Jr. House is a house in the Whittier neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house is designed in the Italian Villa style. Its most distinctive feature is the cupola with shallow arches over paired windows. The siding is also a unique design. The planks were made to look like cut stone by cutting incisions at regular intervals then painting the siding with a mixture of paint and sand.
 The Rapa River (Lule Sami: Rapaätno and Swedish: Rapaälven) is a tributary of the Lesser Lule River in north Norrland in Norrbotten County Sweden. The river stretches 75 km from its source to the mouth of Lake Tjaktjajaure (477 amsl). At the mouth of Lake Laitaure (Laidaure) slightly higher up the Rapa River forms the Laitaure Delta. The river flows through the Rapa Valley finally joining the Lule River.
 Another Earth is a 2011 American science fiction/drama independent movie directed by Mike Cahill in his feature film debut. The film stars William Mapother and Brit Marling. It premiered at the 27th Sundance Film Festival in January 2011 and is being distributed by Fox Searchlight Pictures.The movie received a mostly positive reception getting two nominations from the Saturn Awards for Brit Marling's performance and for Cahill and Marling's writing.
 Manitook Mountain also called Manituck Mountain 638 feet (194 m) is a 1.6-mile (2.6 km) long traprock mountain ridge located between the Berkshires and the Connecticut River Valley in north-central Connecticut. It is an outlying ridge belonging to the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border.
 David Burns is an American politician from Maine. Burns is a Republican State Senator from Maine's 29th District representing part of Penobscot Hancock county and Washington Counties including his residence of Whiting. He was first elected to the Maine House of Representatives in 2008 and the Maine State Senate in 2012 replacing fellow Republican and Senate President Kevin Raye.
 Càrn nan Gobhar is a mountain situated on the northern side of Glen Strathfarrar in Scotland. It stands some 40 kilometres west of the city of Inverness.It is usually climbed along with the neighbouring Munros of Sgurr a' Choire Ghlais and Sgurr na Ruaidhe.Somewhat confusingly there is another Càrn nan Gobhar also a Munro with exactly the same height situated 14 kilometres to the south west on the opposite side of Glen Strathfarrar.
 The Last Arrow is a 1997 historical novel by Canadian author Marsha Canham the third instalment of her Medieval trilogy set in 13th-century England. The novel was published by Dell Publishing in 1997 as a sequel to Canham's 1994 story In the Shadow of Midnight. It received generally positive reviews from book critics.Canham became inspired to write a new interpretation of the Robin Hood legend after experiencing a dream.
 Sunset Lake is a medium-sized reservoir located in and near the city of Bridgeton in southern New Jersey (Cumberland County). The reservoir lies mostly in the townships of Hopewell Township and Upper Deerfield Township. The lake was created by damming a stream that feeds to the area from above Seeley Lake. And a stream that feeds into the lake from the nearby Mary Elmer Lake also located in Bridgeton.
 Oxyaena (Sharp or Drawn-out + hyena) is an extinct genus of creodont mammal from the latest Paleocene to early Eocene of North America (most specimens being found in Colorado). The species were superficially cat or wolverine-like with a flexible body 1 metre (3.3 ft) long and short limbs. Oxyaena had a broad low skull (20 cm.
 Ang Tanging Pamilya: A Marry Go Round is a 2009 Philippine comedy film produced by Star Cinema starring the Philippine's Comedy Queen Ai-Ai de las Alas and Former Philippine President Joseph Estrada. It also features the popular loveteam of Sam Milby and Toni Gonzaga and Dionisia Pacquiao's first film portrayal.
 Camilo García de Polavieja y del Castillo-Negrete Marques de Polavieja (1838–1914) was a Spanish general born in Madrid on July 13 1838 in a family of merchants. He was an able commander but considered as brutal as Valeriano Weyler of Cuba.
 The Clements Checklist of Birds of the World is a book by Jim Clements which presents a list of the bird species of the world.It is currently in its sixth edition (2007) and is being published by Cornell University Press. Previous editions were published by the author's own imprint Ibis Publishing. A complete on-line update was issued by Cornell in November 2008. Since then updates are posted on the website.
 Dzisna [ˈd͡ʑisna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Przybiernów 16 km (10 mi) north of Goleniów and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 100.
 No More Wig for Ohio is a studio album from American indie hip hop producer Odd Nosdam. It was released on Anticon in 2003.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Miyan Kaleh Rural District in the Central District of Behshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 57 families.
 Brenda LaGrange Johnson is an American businesswoman and diplomat who has served in numerous positions. Since 1977 she was a partner with BrenMer Industries she is also on Duke University advisory board of the Nasher Museum of Art. She was a founding member of the Madison Square Boys and Girls Club as a trustee she has been on both The Board of Trustees as well as the President's Advisory Council to the Arts the Kennedy Center. She was appointed ambassador to Jamaica in 2005 by George W.
 Brewers Exchange also known as Murdock Place is a historic office building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a three-story Renaissance Revival style building designed by Joseph Evans Sperry (1854-1930) and built in 1896. The façade is faced with terra cotta and includes such decorative elements as two-story half-round Ionic pilasters cartouches pediments window surrounds a garland frieze and a balustrade at the edges of a flat roof.
 James M. Kelly (1940–2007) of Boston Massachusetts served on the Boston City Council for 23 years from 1983 until his death representing South Boston the South End and Chinatown. He was City Council president 1994–2000 succeeded by Charles Yancey.Kelly had previously been one of the leading opponents of court ordered busing to achieve racial integration in public schools during the 1970s. He continued to fight such plans as a member of the city council.
 The Titan Sphinx (Aellopos titan) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It has been found all the way from Maine in the United States through Central America and south to Argentina and Uruguay in South America.The wingspan is 55–65 mm. The body is dark brown with a wide white stripe across the abdomen. The wings are dark brown and the upper side of the forewing has a black spot at the end of the cell and two bands of translucent white spots.
 Undead or Alive: A Zombedy is a 2007 comedy-horror film of the Western genre. Directed by Glasgow Phillips and written by Phillips and Scott Pourroy the film stars Navi Rawat Chris Kattan and James Denton. The film was later acquired by Image Entertainment a deal that included both theatrical and home video rights.
 Thomas Wood Thornhill known as Tom Thornhill (born February 13 1952) is an attorney from Slidell in St. Tammany Parish Louisiana who served as the District 76 Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives for a single term from 1996–2000.With 7113 votes (54.7 percent) Thornhill won the nonpartisan blanket primary held on October 21 1995 over an Independent and two other Republican candidates.
 The Rose Leaf Miner (Stigmella anomalella) is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in all of Europe east to the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone.The species have bronze coloured wings which produce wingspan of 5–6 millimetres (0.20–0.24 in). The wings are also red on top and green on the bottom. Adults are on wing from May to August. There are two generations per year.
 Scopula nipha is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.The male has a wingspan of 21-23 mm. This species was described from a specimen collected at the Upemba National Park
 Joseph Cordiano (born October 30 1957) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. He was formerly a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario and a cabinet minister in the government of Liberal Premier Dalton McGuinty.
 Second Skin was the second album from American rock band The Mayfield Four. Two singles were taken from the album: Sick and Wrong and Eden (Turn the Page). Singer Myles Kennedy has stated that Sick and Wrong and Flatley's Crutch are the only songs he has written that contain profanity.
 The Hotel Grand Pacific is a hotel in Victoria British Columbia Canada on the Victoria Harbour. It houses The Mark a restaurant that serves fresh game and a variety of wines. There are more than 300 rooms in the hotel. The hotel also houses a spa. The hotel's facade was designed to strongly resemble that of The Empress which it faces across the Inner Harbour. The Hotel Grand Pacific is a member of the Preferred Hotel Group.
 Sir Hugh Percy 1st Duke of Northumberland KG PC (c. 1714 – 6 June 1786) was an English peer landowner and art patron.He was born Hugh Smithson the son of Langdale Smithson and grandson of Sir Hugh Smithson 3rd Baronet from whom he inherited the baronetcy in 1733. He changed his surname to Percy when he married Lady Elizabeth Seymour daughter of Algernon Seymour 7th Duke of Somerset on 16 July 1740.
 Mazraeh-ye Mansur Jarjani (Persian: مزرعه منصور جرجاني‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Manṣūr Jarjānī) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Jonubi Rural District Voshmgir District Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 16 families.
 Borek [ˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Deszczno within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Deszczno and 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 The Valea Întunecoasă River (Hungarian: Sötét-patak meaning Dark Creek) is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Aajuitsup Tasia (old spelling: Aujuitsup Tasia) is a large lake in central-western Greenland in the Qeqqata municipality. It is located approximately 12 km (7.5 mi) northeast of Kangerlussuaq. It is of elongated oval shape with its western shore at 67°04′45″N 50°30′02″W and its eastern shore at 67°05′35″N 50°16′30″W. Aajuitsup Tasia is an oligotrophic lake of 32 m (105 ft) depth covering an area of 1350ha.
 Modesty Blaise is an action-adventure/spy fiction novel by Peter O'Donnell which was first published in 1965 featuring the character Modesty Blaise which O'Donnell had created for a comic strip in 1963.
 Duel in the Sun: Alberto Salazar Dick Beardsley and America's Greatest Marathon is a 2006 book by freelance sportswriter John Brant. Expanded from an article featured in Runner's World magazine the book tells the story of two American distance runners Dick Beardsley and Alberto Salazar and how their lives changed after both men ran the 1982 Boston Marathon.
 The Thurgood Marshall United States Courthouse is a Classical Revival courthouse located at 40 Centre Street on Foley Square in the Civic Center neighborhood of lower Manhattan in New York City. The building designed by Cass Gilbert and his son Cass Gilbert Jr. is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as U.S.
 Posht Kyubadam (Persian: پشت كيوبادام‎ also Romanized as Posht Kyūbādām) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 20 families.
 Ladina is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D26 highway.
 Szynych [ˈʂɨnɨx] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Grudziądz and 43 km (27 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 340.
 The Banded Lapwing (Vanellus tricolor) is a small to medium-sized wader of the plover family. It is found over most of Australia and Tasmania though is absent from the northern third of the continent.Banded Lapwings are characterised by a black cap white ear-stripe and black band around the breast with white throat and 'bib'. The eye is yellow encircled by a fleshy yellow ring; a small red wattle lies at the base of the yellow bill.
 Monocoptopera is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Fever is a 1982 novel by Robin Cook and is in the category of medical thriller. The main characters are a 12 year old girl Michelle with myeoloblastic leukaemia and her father Charles. She goes to a hospital where her doctors decide to give her experimental high doses of chemotherapy. This results in deteriorating her strength and health which her father doesn't approve of. Charles has been a cancer researcher for ten years since his first wife died of a different type of leukaemia.
 Pecos National Historical Park is a National Historical Park in the U.S. state of New Mexico. It is located about 17 miles (27 km) east of Santa Fe New Mexico. The site was originally designated Pecos National Monument on June 28 1965. In 1990 new lands were added to the park and the official designation was changed to Pecos National Historical Park. It includes the Pecos Pueblo a National Historic Landmark.Pecos National Historical Park is composed of several noncontiguous units.
 Erythropterus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Erythropterus amabilis Melzer 1934 Erythropterus boliviensis Clarke 2007 Erythropterus cuissi Napp & Monné 2005 Erythropterus kochi Clarke 2007 Erythropterus urucuri Martins & Galileo 2004↑
 Vladimir Rostislavovich Medinsky (Russian: Владимир Ростиславович Мединский) (born July 10 1970) is a Russian political figure publicist professor of the Moscow State Institute of International Relations and writer who since May 2012 has been the Minister of Culture.He is an ethnic Ukrainian member of the Writers Union of Russia (Союз писателей России) and member of the General Council of the United Russia party.
 The Paratrooper of Mechanic Avenue is the first novel by the American writer Lester Goran. It is set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania and spans a time period from the Great Depression to the postwar era.It tells the story of Ike-o Hartwell born into the fictional Pittsburgh slum of Sobaski's Stairway and how he learns to survive amid the neon glow of pawn shops and poolrooms on Mechanic Avenue peopled by racketeers pimps gangs and ward heelers. Then the army drafts him for the Korean War.
 Colleen Madigan Lachowicz (born January 22 1964) is an American social worker from Waterville Maine elected in 2012 to the Maine State Senate's 25th District seat as the Democratic nominee against Republican incumbent Tom Martin.
 Blastobasis sciota is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Bradley in 1961. It is found on Guadalcanal.
 Mehram (Persian: مهرام‎ also Romanized as Mehrām; also known as Bahrām) is a village in Khanamrud Rural District in the Central District of Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 George Sipa-Adjah Yankey is a Ghanaian lawyer and politician. He served as Minister for Health of Ghana.
 Sukiyaki and Other Japanese Hits is an album by Kyu Sakamoto released in 1963 in the U.S. by Capitol Records. All of the songs on the album are sung in Japanese and feature the title track a #1 hit in the U.S. for three weeks in 1963 and peaking at #6 in the UK when issued by EMI on its HMV label. The 'b'-side Anoko No Namaewa Nantenkana and a cover of Good Timin' a hit in 1960 for R&B singer Jimmy Jones in both the US and the UK.The Japanese text on the box translates as Dynamite.
 Charles Duane Charlie Baker Jr. (born November 13 1956) is an American businessman and politician from Massachusetts.
 Strangers on a Train is a play written by Craig Warner and is based on the 1950 the novel of the same name by Patricia Highsmith. The show made its West End and world premiere at the Gielgud Theatre on 19 November 2013 following previews from 2 November.
 Poshteh Konji (Persian: پشته كنجي‎ also Romanized as Poshteh Konjī) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 231 in 50 families.
 Bald Mountain is a peak in the western Uinta Mountain Range. It is an easy hike from Bald Mountain Pass and has spectacular views of the surrounding areas. The mountain is home to mountain goats pika and many species of wildflowers.Because Bald Mountain is a relatively easy hike it is among the most popular major mountain hikes in Utah. The hike to the summit can be completed in 2 to 3 hours round trip. The trail gains 1250 feet (381 m) of elevation in 2 miles (3 km).
 The Louisville and Nashville Combine Car Number 665 also known as the Jim Crow Car is a historic railcar on the National Register of Historic Places currently at the Kentucky Railway Museum at New Haven Kentucky in southernmost Nelson County Kentucky.The Combine car was built at the American Car and Foundry Company located in Jeffersonville Indiana in 1913; a custom design given to it by the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. It was number 865 later numbered 665.
 CATS Classified (Classified Advertisements Telephone Service) is the print classified advertising platform of Singapore Press Holdings (SPH). Its classifieds products are distributed together with various newspapers published by SPH. These include The Straits Times The New Paper Lianhe Zaobao Shin Min Daily News Lianhe Wanbao Berita Harian and Tamil Murasu. Its tagline is Buy it. Sell it. Find it.CATS Classified is divided into 8 sections.
 Said O'Reilly to McNab is a 1937 British comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Will Mahoney Will Fyffe and Ellis Drake. It was made by Gainsborough Pictures. Leslie Arliss and Marriott Edgar wrote the screenplay.
 The Homeward Bounders is a fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones with the chilling premise that there is a vast series of parallel universes all of which serve as the game-boards for a race of demons that delight in war-games and fantasy-games. The style in which she presents this strange premise is directed at children but without whimsical language which appeals to mature readers as well.
 Gold Diggers is a 2007 novel by Tasmina Perry. The plot is a scandalous glamorous sex-filled bitchfest with high-society women fighting over American billionaire Adam Gold who has moved to London.
 Chant Down Babylon: The Island Anthology is a compilation album by Burning Spear released by Island Records on 18 June 1996.
 Etang Grenon or Lac Grenon is a lake at Montana in the canton of Valais Switzerland. Located at an elevation of 1497 m its surface area is 3.5 ha.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Little Tobacco River is a 10.5-mile-long (16.9 km) river in Gladwin County Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of the Tittabawassee River which flows to the Saginaw River.
 The Valea Mică River is a tributary of the Dipșa River in Romania.
 Hot Six is the sixth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum and was written in 2001.
 Investigation (Bulgarian: Разследване; Romanisation: Razsledvane) is a 2006 Bulgarian film directed by Iglika Triffonova.
 Andrija Hebrang (born 27 January 1946) is a Croatian physician and politician. A member of the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) he is currently member of the Croatian Parliament. A physician by vocation Hebrang had served three terms as Croatia's Minister of Health (1990–1992 1993–1998 and 2003–2005) and spent three months as Minister of Defence (May–October 1998) under six different Prime Ministers.
 Tariq Aziz (Arabic: طارق عزيز‎ Ṭāriq ʿAzīz né: Mikhail Yuhanna (Syriac: ܡܝܟܐܝܠ ܝܘܚܢܢ Mīḵāil Yōḥānon Arabic: ميخائيل يوحنا‎ Mīḫāʾīl Yūḥannā baptized Manuel Christo; born 28 April 1936) was the Foreign Minister (1983 – 1991) and Deputy Prime Minister (1979 – 2003) of Iraq and a close advisor of former President Saddam Hussein. Their association began in the 1950s when both were activists for the then-banned Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party.
 Rated O is the tenth full-length album by Brooklyn-based indie rock band by Oneida released as a triple LP.
 The Art of Discworld is a descriptive book of the world of the Discworld as portrayed in Terry Pratchett's Discworld series.
 The Unicorn Girl is a science fiction novel by Michael Kurland originally released in 1969.
 Pruess Lake is a small spring-fed lake in Snake Valley Millard County west-central Utah. It is just south of Garrison and north of Burbank. It was named after Charles Preuss a cartographer who was on John C. Fremont's first and second expeditions. Where or when the spelling error (Preuss vs Pruess) occurred is unknown but all maps and official state naming documents mention the lake's name as Pruess.
 Day by Day with Cilla is the title of Cilla Black's seventh solo studio album released in 1973 by Parlophone Records. The album marked the end of a significant era in Black's recording career as it was her last project to be produced by George Martin who had worked on all of her recordings since her 1963 debut. It was also Black's final record released on the Parlophone Records label.
 Ullock Pike is a fell situated in northern part of the English Lake District. It is located seven kilometres north west of Keswick and achieves a height of 692 metres (2270 feet). The fell sits on Skiddaw’s south western ridge along with two other fells (Long Side and Carl Side) this ridge is regarded as the finest way to ascend Skiddaw with Alfred Wainwright commenting:“There is no doubt in my mind that by far the best approach to the top of Skiddaw is by way of its north-west ridge.
 Ksawerynów [ksavɛˈrɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Lives of the Saints is a novel by Nino Ricci. The author's first book it forms the first part of a trilogy. The other two novels are In a Glass House and Where She Has Gone. Lives of the Saints was first published in 1990 and was the winner of the 1990 Governor General's Awards for fiction.
 The Scream Team is a Disney Channel Original Movie. The movie was aired October 4 2002 in the U.S.It was the last movie to use the Disney 1990's logo before switching to a newer one.
 Jogwad (Jogvad Jogwar ) is a village in the state of Gujarat in western India. It lies near to Indian National Highway 8 and is about 260 kilometres (160 mi) from Mumbai 35 kilometres (22 mi) from Navsari and about 100 kilometres (62 mi) from Saputra hill station.
 Bikini Planet is a 2002 American independent film directed by Derek Zemrak.It is a semi-erotic parody of the science fiction genre in the style of Flesh Gordon and Attack of the 60 Foot Centerfold and bears no relation to the 2000 novel Bikini Planet by David S. Garnett.
 Bunohan is a Malaysian action drama film written and directed by Dain Iskandar Said and released in Malaysia on 8 March 2012. The film features actors Faizal Hussein Zahiril Adzim and Pekin Ibrahim in leading roles. Bunohan is the second film to be directed by Dain Said. Bunohan had its world premiere the Toronto International Film Festival 2011 where it was praised for its solid visceral storytelling and arresting photography.
 Sama (English title: The Trace) is a 1988 Tunisian feature film directed by Néjia Ben Mabrouk.
 Anna to the Infinite Power is a 1982 science-fiction thriller film about a young teenager who learns that she was the product of a cloning experiment. The film was based on the novel of the same name by Mildred Ames. It was produced by Ned Kandell Enterprises and Film Gallery previously responsible for the American syndicated children's series Big Blue Marble and many alumni from that program worked on the film.
 Meridarchis bryonephela is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1938. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 Unleashing Nepal Revised edition is a 2013 non-fiction book by Sujeev Shakya. Closing out an eventful decade in which the centuries-old institution of monarchy Nepal was replaced by an elected government Shakya connects the history of Nepal to the current economic situation and its implications.
 Justice Ponnuduraiswamy Sriskandarajah (8 February 1905 – 24 December 1968) was a leading Ceylonese lawyer and judge. He was a magistrate District Judge and Supreme Court judge.
 The Glazed Pellicia (Pellicia arina) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Panama north through Central America to northern Mexico. Rare strays are found up to the lower Rio Grande Valley in Texas.The wingspan is 25-38 mm. Adults are on wing from March to April and June to December in southern Texas. In Mexico and Central America adults are on wing in July and from October to February.The larval host is unknown. Adults probably feed on flower nectar.
 The film score to Robert Rodriguez's Desperado is written and performed by the Los Angeles rock bands Los Lobos and Tito & Tarantula performing traditional Ranchera and Chicano rock music. Other artists on the soundtrack album include Dire Straits Link Wray Latin Playboys and Carlos Santana.
 Kłobuczyno [kwɔbuˈt͡ʂɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Kościerzyna and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 490.
 William T. Golden Center for Science and Engineering is a high-rise building in Washington D.C. the capital of the United States. Completed in 1996 the building rises to 151 feet (46 m) and has 12 floors. The architects of the building were Davis Carter Scott Ltd. and Pei Cobb Freed & Partners who designed the postmodern building.
 Sancassania is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Salaheddine Mezouar (Arabic: صلاح الدين مزوار‎ – born 11 December 1953 Meknes) is a Moroccan politician and Minister of Foreign Affairs since 10 October 2013.In 2004 he was appointed Minister of Industry Trade and Restructuring of the Economy. On 15 October 2007 he was appointed Minister of Finance and the Economy. In January 2010 he was elected president of the National Rally of Independents party.Mezouar is also a former international Basketball player.
 Miłodróż [miˈwɔdruʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Biała 12 km (7 mi) north of Płock and 104 km (65 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Barn under månen (Children under the moon) is a series of 15 books written by Norwegian novelist Jane Mysen.
 Spanish Town is a historic district anchored by Spanish Town Road in Baton Rouge the capital city of the U.S. state of Louisiana. Spanish Town was commissioned in 1805. Spanish Town holds the title of the oldest neighborhood in Baton Rouge and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Francis Knollys 1st Viscount Knollys GCB GCVO KCMG PC ISO (16 July 1837 – 15 August 1924) was a British courtier. He served as Private Secretary to the Sovereign from 1901 to 1913.
 Dreams of Trespass: Tales of a Harem Girlhood is a memoir by Fatima Mernissi (in the US its original title was The Harem Within: Tales of a Moroccan Girlhood; this is still the UK title). It describes her youth in a Moroccan harem during the 1940s and brings up topics such as Islamic feminism Arab nationalism French colonialism and the clash between the traditional and the modern. It is a fictional work although this fact is only noted in the French version not the English.
 Charley's Web is an Australian film shot in 1984 about a man who dreams of being Prime Minister.
 The Crimson-fronted Cardinal (Paroaria baeri) is a bird species in the tanager family (Thraupidae). It was formerly placed in the Emberizidae and is not very closely related to the cardinals proper (Cardinalidae).It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Mcqueenoceras is an early endocerid a nautilus from the Ordovician period similar in overall form to Clitendoceras from which it may have been derived. It lived during the later stages of the lower Ordovician. McQueenoceras like Clitendoceras has ventral siphuncle but the endocones are thicker on the ventral side and thinner on the dorsal. Also the sutures in McQueenoceras retreat rearward forming lobes as they cross the venter.
 Shivraj Singh Chouhan (born 5 March 1959) is the 18th and current Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh a central Indian state. He replaced Babulal Gaur as chief minister on 29 November 2005. A leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party he has served as its general secretary and as president of its Madhya Pradesh state unit. He joined the RSS in 1972 as a 13-year-old. He has been a five-time Member of Parliament representing Vidisha in the Lok Sabha since 1991.
 After the Storm is the second EP released by The Calling lead singer Alex Band on May 22 2012. It was released under the label Killer Tracks. The EP is available to buy on Amazon iTunes and the Killer Tracks website.
 Frances Lorraine O'Grady (born 9 November 1959) is the General Secretary of the British Trades Union Congress (TUC).
 Blazing the Crop was the first DJ mix album mixed by Rae & Christian. It was released by Mixmag Live in association with their publishing company DMC Publishing in 1999 in the UK.
 Wolffsohn's Leaf-eared Mouse (Phyllotis wolffsohni) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Bolivia.
 Kar Gavaneh (Persian: كرگوانه‎ also Romanized as Kar Gabeneh and Gargabīneh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 24 families.
 The Arșița Mare River is a tributary of the Secu River in Romania.
 The Joy that Kills is a 1984 television film adaptation of Kate Chopin's short story The Story of an Hour. It was directed by Tina Rathborne and co-written by Rathbone and Nancy Dyer. It was released in 1984 as a part of the PBS series American Playhouse.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: سيداباد‎ also Romanized as Şeyyedābād and Şeydābād) is a village in Khosrow Beyk Rural District Milajerd District Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was * in * families.
 Peter L. Cashman (born May 22 1936) an American politician who was the 80th Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut from 1973 to 1975.
 Not This August also known as Christmas Eve is a science fiction novel by C.M. Kornbluth. It was originally published in 1955 by Doubleday. It was serialized in Maclean's Magazine (Canada) in May and June 1955. A revised edition with a new foreword and afterword by Frederik Pohl was published in 1981 by Tor Books ISBN 0-523-48518-2. The title comes from author Ernest Hemingway's Notes on the Next War.
 E. Eugene (Gene) Yaw (born February 26 1943) is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate. He represents Pennsylvania's 23rd Senatorial District which includes Lycoming County Northern Union County Bradford County Sullivan County and Northwestern Susquehanna County.
 Convict Lake is a lake in the Sherwin Range of the Sierra Nevada in California USA. It is known for its fishing and the dramatic mountains (including Mount Morrison) that surround the lake. Its surface lies at an elevation of 7850 ft (2393 m).The lake was named after an incident on September 23 1871 where a group of convicts escaped from prison in Carson City. A posse from Benton led by Deputy Sheriff George Hightower encountered the convicts near the head of what is now Convict Creek.
 The Lee-Fendall House is a historic house museum and garden located in Old Town Alexandria Virginia. Since its construction in 1785 the house has served as home to thirty-seven members of the Lee family (1785–1903) hundreds of convalescing Union soldiers (1863–1865) the prominent Downham family (1903–1937) and powerful labor leader John L. Lewis (1937–1969).
 Rocche del Reopasso is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines.
 The Mandé Variations is a studio album by Toumani Diabaté. Unlike many of his recordings which feature large ensembles it consists of solo Kora throughout. The influences range from traditional Kora pieces to modern Western music.
 Grooving Kingston 12 is a 3 disc box set of Bob Marley And The Wailers material from the 1967-1972 period released by Universal Records in 2004. An update of the Complete Wailers series along with Fy-Ah Fy-Ah and Man To Man it contains remastered versions of almost everything released during that period.
 Do Cheshmeh (Persian: دوچشمه‎; also known as Kaleh Khān Kalleh Khān Kela Khān and Qal‘eh Khān) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 710 in 169 families.
 The Milea River or Mila River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Beech Fork Lake is a 720 acre (2.9 km²) reservoir located near Lavalette in Wayne County West Virginia. Beech Fork Lake is also partly located in neighboring Cabell County. Millers Fork and Stowers Branch join Beech Fork with their own river valleys contributing to the majority of the lakesurface of Beech Fork Lake.
 St. Marys College was a Roman Catholic school in Ilchester Maryland (Illchester Mills) near modern Ellicott City Maryland in Howard County. The ruins are near Ilchester and Bonnie Branch roads. The upper college building was built in 1868 consisting of a cupola topped eighteen bay by five bay building with a five by five bay projection. A three by three bay five story L shaped addition is included with all of the structure on a stone foundation.
 Three Sisters is a 1970 film starring Alan Bates Laurence Olivier and Joan Plowright based on the 1900 play by Anton Chekhov. Olivier also directed with co-director John Sichel. The film was based on a theatre production that Olivier directed at the Royal National Theatre in 1967. It had its U.S. release as part of the American Film Theatre series in 1974.
 Elysia maoria is a small to medium-sized species of sea slug a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Plakobranchidae. This sea slug resembles a nudibranch but it is not closely related to that order of gastropods instead it is a sacoglossan. It occurs in New Zealand and Australia.
 Exuperius is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Heinrich in 1956 and contains the species E. negator. It is found in Peru.
 Raise High the Roof Beam Carpenters and Seymour: An Introduction is a single volume featuring two novellas by J. D. Salinger which were previously published in The New Yorker: Raise High the Roof Beam Carpenters (1955) and Seymour: An Introduction (1959). Little Brown republished them in this anthology in 1963. It was the first time the novellas had appeared in book form. Anthologized together they outsold all but two novels in the United States in 1963 according to Publishers Weekly.
 I Take a Lot of Pride In What I Am is a 1969 studio album by Dean Martin arranged by Glen Hardin and Jimmie Haskell.Martin recorded very little in 1969 only devoting two three-hour sessions in the Spring to record this album.I Take a Lot of Pride In What I Am peaked at 90 on the Billboard 200.
 Michael Roberson was elected to serve in the Nevada Senate in 2010 and is the incumbent.
 The Chaudière River (French for Cauldron or Boiler) is a 185 kilometres (115 mi) long river with its source near the Town of Lac-Mégantic in southeast Quebec Canada. From its source Lake Megantic in the Estrie region it runs northwards to flow into the St. Lawrence River opposite Quebec City.
 The Shriners Hospital for Children (Galveston) is a 30-bed non-profit pediatric burn hospital research and teaching center located on the campus of the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston Texas USA. Part of a 22-hospital system it is one of the three Shriner's Hospitals that specialize exclusively in burn care and consists of an intensive care unit with 15 acute beds and a reconstruction and plastic surgery unit with 15 reconstruction beds along with three operating rooms.
 The Crucible of Time is a fix-up science fiction novel by John Brunner. It was first published in 1983.
 Back to School with Franklin is the third Franklin movie released direct-to-video and DVD. It has since aired on Noggin and possibly on other networks as well.Cole Caplan takes over for Noah Reid as the voice of Franklin the Turtle ushering in the sixth season of the program which would not make its way to the United States until 2006.
 Ledina Aliolli is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.
 Cibyra danieli is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Brazil.
 Richard Rolland Kenney (September 9 1856 – August 14 1931) was an American lawyer and politician from Dover in Kent County Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic Party who was a U.S. Senator from Delaware.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist located at 2200 Overlook Road in the University Circle area of Cleveland Ohio in the United States is an historic building that was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 20 2003. Built from 1929 to 1931 at a cost of $1 million it was designed by the noted Cleveland firm of Walker and Weeks who later designed Severance Hall to which this building is sometimes compared.
 The Daily Reveille has been since 1887 the student newspaper at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge Louisiana. It prints Monday through Friday during the fall and spring semesters and twice a week (Tuesdays and Thursdays) during the summer semester. The Daily Reveille has a daily circulation of about 14000 copies.
 Teorema is a 1968 Italian mystery film written and directed by Pier Paolo Pasolini and starring Terence Stamp Laura Betti Silvana Mangano Massimo Girotti and Anne Wiazemsky. It was the first time Pasolini worked primarily with professional actors. In this film an upper-class Milanese family is introduced to and then abandoned by a divine force. Two prevalent motifs are the desert and the timelessness of divinity.
 Songs from the Last Century is the fourth album by singer George Michael released on 13 December 1999. Co-produced by the legendary Phil Ramone it became his first album of cover versions. It consists mainly of old jazz standards plus new interpretations of more recent popular songs such as Roxanne (originally by The Police) and Miss Sarajevo (originally by U2 with Luciano Pavarotti). Roxanne was released as a single in other countries except the United Kingdom.
 Burger's Daughter is an historical and political novel by the South African Nobel Prize in Literature-winner Nadine Gordimer first published in the United Kingdom in June 1979 by Jonathan Cape. The book was expected to be banned in South Africa and a month after publication in London the import and sale of the book in South Africa was prohibited by the Publications Control Board.
 Panic Beats (Spanish: Latidos de pánico) is a 1983 Spanish horror film starring Jacinto Molina (also known as Paul Naschy) which he also directed. It is a sequel to the 1972 film Horror Rises from the Tomb.
 Redcliffe Plantation State Historic Site is a state park in South Carolina USA. Redcliffe Plantation also known as Redcliffe completed in 1859 is a Greek Revival plantation house located on the site that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house was designed by the baron Louis Berckmans and was built in 1857. It was built for James Henry Hammond and was home to three generations of his descendants.
 Lake Sinoe is a lagoon in Northern Dobruja Romania close to the Black Sea. Its name derives from Slavic (Blue Lake). The ruins of the ancient Greek colony of Histria are located on the lake shore.
 Kõveri is a village in Surju Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Chemsakiella is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Chemsakiella michelbacheri (Chemsak 1984) Chemsakiella ricei (Chemsak 1984) Chemsakiella virens (Bates 1885) Chemsakiella virgulata (Chemsak 1987)↑
 The Old Town Hall is a historic town hall building at 10 Kendal Road in Tyngsborough Massachusetts. The wood frame building was built in 1834 as a church to house the local Baptist congregation a role it served until 1857 when it was sold to the town. The styling of the building is predominantly Federal although its cupola is a late 19th century Colonial Revival addition.
 The Ringworld Engineers is a 1979 science fiction novel by Larry Niven. It is the first sequel to Niven's award-winning Ringworld and was nominated for both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1981.
 Ayalum Njanum Thammil (Malayalam: അയാളും ഞാനും തമ്മിൽ Between him and me) is a 2012 Malayalam drama film directed by Lal Jose produced by Prem Prakash and distributed by Century Films.
 Asota comorana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the Comores.
 Documentaly (stylized as DocumentaLy) is Japanese rock group Sakanaction's fifth album and was released on September 28 2011. It includes the songs Identity Rookie Bach no Senritsu wo Yoru ni Kiita Sei desu. years and a remix of Holy Dance from the 3 singles released before the album. 8 new tracks were created for the album. The album achieved 2nd place on the Oricon weekly charts in its initial week of sales.
 John Aislabie or Aslabie (/ˈeɪzləbɪ/; 4 December 1670 – 18 June 1742) was a British politician notable for his involvement in the South Sea Bubble and for creating the water garden at Studley Royal.
 The Catskill Escarpment often referred to locally as just the Escarpment or the Great Wall of Manitou and known as the Catskill Front to geologists is the range forming the northeastern corner of the Catskill Mountains in Greene and Ulster counties in the U.S. state of New York. It rises very abruptly from the Hudson Valley to summits above 3000 feet (910 m) in elevation including three of the Catskill High Peaks with almost no foothills.
 The Río Nentón is a river in Guatemala. From its sources in the Sierra de los Cuchumatanes of Huehuetenango the river flows in a north-westerly direction crosses the border with Mexico at 15.797705°N 91.891150°W﻿ / 15.797705; -91.891150﻿ (Río Seleguá) and joins the Río Seleguá which continues northwards to the Presa de La Angostura one of Mexico's largest artificial lakes. The Nentón river basin covers an area of 1451 km² in Guatemala.
 Frederic White Cook (May 2 1873 – November 16 1951) was an American politician who served as the Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth from 1921 to 1949.
 Wachbühl is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mari Johanna Kiviniemi (born 27 September 1968) is a Finnish politician who served as the second female Prime Minister of Finland.
 Sunbird is a studio album by pianist Gordon Beck released in 1979 through JMS–Cream Records. This was the first time Beck worked with guitarist Allan Holdsworth which led to two collaborative albums: The Things You See (1980) and With a Heart in My Song (1988). Both Sunbird and The Things You See were reissued together as a compilation album in 1989 and 1992 (both with the omission of Flight from Sunbird) and most recently in 1994 (including Flight).
 Lake Oahe (oh-WAH'-hee) is a large reservoir behind Oahe Dam on the Missouri River beginning in central South Dakota and continuing north into North Dakota in the United States. The lake has an area of 370000 acres (1500 km2) and a maximum depth of 205 ft (62 m). By volume it is the fourth-largest reservoir in the US. Lake Oahe has a length of approximately 231 mi (372 km) and has a shoreline of 2250 mi (3620 km).
 The Mount Bozdağ (Azerbaijani: Bozdağ dağı) is a mountain in Greater Caucasus near Mingechevir city Azerbaijan. Near the mount where the Kura River flows Mingachevir reservoir was built in 1953.
 Rebecca Rios (Tucson 4 June 1967) is an American Democratic politician. She served as Arizona State Senator for District 23 from 2004 to 2010 and served as Minority Whip. Earlier she was a member of the Arizona House of Representatives from 1994 through 2000. Rios was a participating candidate in Arizona's public campaign program known as Clean Elections.Rios is from a family of Hispanic politicians.
 Rameshwar Prasad (Hindi: रामेश्वर प्रसाद) is an Indian politician belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) Liberation. He is a Central Committee member of CPI(ML)Liberation and the president of All India Agricultural Labourers Association (AIALA).
 Crazy Therapies: What Are They? Do They Work? is a book by psychologist Margaret Singer and Janja Lalich published by Jossey-Bass in 1996. Singer and Lalich explore myriad wildly controversial claims often made in the psychotherapeutic industry.
 Sozh (Belarusian: Сож [sɔʐ]; Russian: Сож Ukrainian: Сож Polish: Soż) is an international river flowing in Belarus Russia and Ukraine. It is a left bank tributary of the Dnieper River. Sozh passes through Gomel the second largest city in Belarus.The river is crossed by the Sozh Floating Bridge at Korma and an elegant steel arch at Gomel which is featured on a national stamp of 300 ruble value.
 350 Mission Street is a skyscraper under construction in the South of Market district of San Francisco California. Current designs call for 30 stories and 455 ft (139 m) above street level. Upon completion the building plans to attain LEED Gold status.
 Saghuyeh (Persian: ساغويه‎ also Romanized as Sāghūyeh; also known as Sāqū’īyeh and Sātū’īyeh) is a village in Tujerdi Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 49 families.
 Clifton is a village in Clark and Greene Counties in the U.S. state of Ohio and is home to the Clifton Mill one of the largest water powered grist mills still in existence. The population was 152 at the 2010 census.The Greene County portion of Clifton is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area while the Clark County portion is part of the Springfield Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Anthela habroptila is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Dave Digs Disney is a studio album by Dave Brubeck Quartet. The original LP was issued only in mono though stereo tapes were recorded at the time. Typically mono versions were followed by a stereo release six months later. But back in 1957 at the dawn of the stereo era there wasn't enough of a market.
 The Phoenix Guards is the first novel in the Khaavren Romances a fantasy series by Steven Brust set in the fictional world of Dragaera. The novel is heavily influenced by the d'Artagnan Romances written by Alexandre Dumas. Brust describes the book as a blatant ripoff of The Three Musketeers.
 Cyana grandis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Madagascar.This species is white with 3 transversal red lines on the forewings. The wingspan is 48 millimetres (1.9 in).
 Kuruburu is a village in Chintamani Taluk in the Chikballapur district in the state of Karnataka India.
 Strike It Rich is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Betty Astell Davy Burnaby George K. Gee and Wilfrid Lawson.
 13 Moons is a 2002 comedy-drama film by director Alexandre Rockwell. The title is a reference to the saying of a minor character's mother who suggested that if nights of the full moon are strange then this must be the night of thirteen moons.
 Washington School is a school listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada and is located at 1901 N. White Street in the city of North Las Vegas. The school is still open and operated by the Clark County School District.
 The Erro (in Piedmontese Er) is a 38 km torrent of north-west Italy a right tributary of the Bormida.The river rises in the Ligurian Province of Savona at an elevation 1267 metres on Monte Ermetta to the west of Monte Beigua. Having passed through the territory of Sassello the river enters the Piedmontese Province of Alessandria at Ponte Erro (Malvicino).
 Tolombeh-ye Baqeri (Persian: تلمبه باقري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Bāqerī) is a village in Rahmat Rural District Seyyedan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dumbarton Oaks Papers (DOP) is an academic journal founded in 1941 for the publication of articles relating to civilizations of the late antique early medieval and Byzantine periods.Publication was suspended during World War II resuming in 1946 irregularly at first and eventually published annually by the mid-1950s.
 The Church of St Anne is a Church of Ireland church located in the Shandon district of Cork city in Ireland. It is situated a top a hill overlooking the River Lee and the church tower of is a noted landmark and symbol of the city. The church bells were popularised in song in the 19th century and remain a visitor attraction.
 The Corneșu River is a tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.
 La Cucaracha (Eng. The Cockroach) is a nationally syndicated daily comic strip by Lalo Alcaraz which focuses on Latino culture and politics. It is syndicated by Universal Press Syndicate and is in over 60 newspapers. It began daily publication in November 2002. It is the only 'political' Latino-themed syndicated daily comic strip in the U.S.It is one of several politically themed comic strips in mainstream papers.
 You've Got to Be Smart (alternatively titled: The Smart Ones) is a 1967 low-budgeted drama film. The movie was released in few theaters in 1967. The film starred Tom Stern Roger Perry Gloria Castillo and Mamie Van Doren. The movie was one of the few drama films that Van Doren made during the decade of the 1960s. Van Doren had risen to fame in the early 1950s but by the 1960s her career had faltered.[citation needed]
 Charles Brand (November 1 1871 – May 23 1966) was a U.S.
 Heaven Cent is the eleventh book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony. It is the second book of a trilogy beginning with Vale of the Vole and ending with Man from Mundania.
 The Iraq Study Group Report: The Way Forward – A New Approach is the report of the Iraq Study Group as mandated by the United States Congress. It is an assessment of the state of the war in Iraq as of December 6 2006 when the ISG released the report to the public on the Internet and as a published book. The report was seen as crucial by Bush who declared: And truth of the matter is a lot of reports in Washington are never read by anybody.
 Paragon Of Dissonance is the fifth studio album by the British doom metal band Esoteric. It was released in 2011 through Season of Mist Records.
 Katuaq (Danish: Grønlands Kulturhus) is a cultural centre in Nuuk Greenland. It is used for concerts exhibitions conferences and as a cinema. Designed by Schmidt Hammer Lassen it was constructed as a joint project of the Greenland Home Rule Government the Nuuk Municipal Council and the Nordic Council of Ministers and was inaugurated on 15 February 1997.
 El Mundo (The World) was a daily morning paper published in Buenos Aires Argentina by Editorial Haynes company. It was launched on 14 May 1928 and circulated until mid-1967 when there was an unsuccessful attempt to convert it into an evening paper.Its publication during the Infamous Decade (1930–1943) provided reporting at a time of instability and repression. After Juan Perón's election in 1946 the publishing company was taken over by Peronistas who forced the paper to take their line.
 Tetanolita borgesalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South America including the French Antilles and Brazil.
 The Good Son is the sixth album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds released in 1990 (see 1990 in music). It was preceded by the release of The Ship Song/The Train Song single. The Weeping Song/Cock's 'n' Asses was later also released as a single. After an album as dark and intense as Tender Prey some fans were disappointed to hear a relaxed and loving Nick Cave on this record.
 Thigh Line Lyre Triangular is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage released in 1961 which depicts the birth of the director's third child Neowyn. The film which involves painting and hand-scratching over photographic images is more abstract than the director's earlier Window Water Baby Moving which documented the birth of Brakhage's first-born Myrrenna.
 Harold Dean Conley is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 Raja Pratap Singh (Hindi: राव प्रताप सिंह) was the founder King of Barauli State in the Aligarh District who was Prithviraj Chauhan's nephew and assisted in his fight against the Muslim invaders who were led by Muhammad of Ghor in 1191. They also fought on the side of Rana Pratap of Mewar and Maharana Hammir as their generals.
 Thule Site J (J-Site) is a USAF radar station in Greenland near Thule Air Base for missile warning and spacecraft tracking. The northernmost station of the Solid State Phased Array Radar System the military installation was built as the 1st site of the RCA 474L Ballistic Missile Early Warning System and had 5 of 12 BMEWS radars.
 Le Charivari was an illustrated newspaper published in Paris France from 1832 to 1937. It published caricatures political cartoons and reviews. After 1835 when the government banned political caricature Le Charivari began publishing satires of everyday life.The newspaper was started by caricaturist Charles Philipon and his brother-in-law Gabriel Aubert to reduce their financial risk of censorship fines.
 The Valea Găuriciu River or Găuriciu River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 A Gift From Earth is a science fiction novel by Larry Niven first published in 1968 and set in his Known Space universe. The novel was originally serialized as Slowboat Cargo.
 Butler Chapel A.M.E. Zion Church is a historic African Methodist church at 407 Oglesby Street in Greenville Alabama. It was built in 1913 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 St Andrew's Church Sapiston is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Sapiston Suffolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands at the end of a track to the south of the village adjacent to Grange Farm and near to a ford crossing the Black Bourne stream. The church served what became a deserted medieval village
 A Bad Wind Blows in My Heart is the second studio album by English musician Bill Ryder-Jones. It was released in April 2013 under Domino Records.
 Madlib Invazion is the debut EP by Oxnard based hip hop producer and rapper Madlib. This EP contains production from Madlib and features vocals from fellow Lootpack member Wildchild and label mate MED among others.
 One Man and His Bog (subtitled The Reluctant Rambler's Guide to Walking the Pennine Way) is a 1986 travelogue book written by Barry Pilton and published by Corgi which started life as a series of talks on BBC Radio 4. It gives a light-hearted account of his walking the full length of the Pennine Way in 21 days from Edale in Derbyshire to Kirk Yetholm in the Scottish Borders.
 George W. White (May 12 1827 – March 21 1912) was a political figure in New Brunswick Canada. He represented Carleton County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1868 to 1873 and from 1878 to 1882 as a Conservative member.He was born and educated in Queens County New Brunswick. In 1849 he married Mary Wiggins. White served as coroner for Wilmot parish. He was elected to the legislative assembly in an 1868 by-election held after the death of James Hartley.
 African Arts is a peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to the study and discussion of traditional contemporary and popular African arts. It was founded in 1967 and is published online and in hard copy by the MIT Press which distributes the journal for the James S. Coleman African Studies Center at the University of California Los Angeles.
 Wierzbica [vjɛʐˈbit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Dagan (Persian: دگن‎ also Romanized as Dagen; also known as Daggin) is a village in Amirabad Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 47 families.
 The Orgarantim River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Hertenstein Castle is a ruined spur castle approximately 900 metres (2950 ft) southwest of the village of Billingsbach part of the municipality of Blaufelden in the district of Schwäbisch Hall in the state of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Harry Jacob Anslinger (May 20 1892 – November 14 1975) held office as the assistant prohibition commissioner in the Bureau of Prohibition before being appointed as the first commissioner of the U.S. Treasury Department's Federal Bureau of Narcotics (FBN) on August 12 1930.Anslinger held office an unprecedented 32 years in his role as commissioner until 1962. He then held office two years as US Representative to the United Nations Narcotics Commission.
 Fefu and Her Friends was the fourteenth play by Cuban American playwright María Irene Fornés originally written and produced in 1977. It is known for its alternative staging and use of a solely female cast.
 The Tunnel also known as Transatlantic Tunnel in the United States is a 1935 British science fiction film based on the 1913 novel Der Tunnel by Bernhard Kellermann about the building of a transatlantic tunnel. It was directed by Maurice Elvey and stars Richard Dix Leslie Banks Madge Evans Helen Vinson C. Aubrey Smith and Basil Sydney. The script was written by Curt Siodmak L. du Garde Peach and Clemence Dane.
 Stare Iganie [ˈstarɛ iˈɡaɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 399.
 The Păuleasa River is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.
 Kolari is a village in the municipality of Smederevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1196 people.
 Watchman Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1902 by James Outram.
 The South Torrington Union Pacific Depot was built in 1926 just to the south of Torrington Wyoming. It was designed by Gilbert Stanley Underwood in the Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival as a combined passenger and freight depot. The line was principally intended to serve a sugar refinery in the vicinity.
 Lyria doutei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Michael Rendell (born 1944) is a British-born Falkland Islands politician and former Royal Marine who served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly for the Camp constituency from 2005 until 2009. Rendell was elected as a Member of the Legislative Council which was reconstitution into the Legislative Assembly with the implementation of the 2009 Constitution.Rendell grew up in Devon and joined the Royal Marine aged sixteen going on to serve in the Special Boat Service.
 Kill Me Please is a 2010 French-Belgian comedy film directed by Olias Barco.
 St. Stephen's Armenian Apostolic Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Ստեփանոս Հայաստանեայց Առաքելական Եկեղեցի) also known as Soorp Stepanos Church is an Armenian Apostolic church in Watertown Massachusetts.There is a bilingual school next to the church named St. Stephen's Armenian Elementary School.
 Sahel Borj (Persian: ساحل برج‎ also Romanized as Sāḩel Borj) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1726 in 459 families.
 The Fuller-Bemis House is a historic house at 41–43 Cherry Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1776 and is one of Waltham's few 18th century houses. It was built when the south side where it is located was still part of Newton. It was converted into two-family in the 19th century.
 Vrtlinska is a village in the municipality Čazma Bjelovar-Bilogora County in Croatia. According to the 2001 census there are 222 inhabitants in 76 of family households.Vrtlinska is located on the north-western slopes of Moslavačka gora.
 Neuschwanstein Castle (German: Schloss Neuschwanstein pronounced [nɔʏˈʃvaːnʃtaɪn] English: New Swanstone Castle) is a nineteenth-century Romanesque Revival palace on a rugged hill above the village of Hohenschwangau near Füssen in southwest Bavaria Germany. The palace was commissioned by Ludwig II of Bavaria as a retreat and as a homage to Richard Wagner.
 The McDowell News is a daily newspaper based in Marion North Carolina covering McDowell County. The newspaper is owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
 Burtinia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 Eiru River is a river of Amazonas state in northwestern Brazil.
 Squirrelz With Gunz is a compilation of tracks produced by Chemo released July 2007. It is the first Solo release by Chemo.
 Mesfin Hagos was born in Azien Eritrea. He was a founding member of the Eritrean People's Liberation Front (EPLF) in 1977. Before founding that organization he had joined the Eritrean Liberation Front (ELF) in 1966 as an ordinary member. He eventually would become Deputy Commander of ELF Zone 5.Mesfin Hagos left the ELF in 1970 with Isaias Afewerki. Mesfin Hagos was a part of the founding leadership of the EPLF. Mesfin Hagos briefly served as the Chief of Staff in the EPLF.
 Golos Truda (Russian: Голос Труда English: The Voice of Labour) was a Russian-language anarcho-syndicalist newspaper. Founded by working-class Russian expatriates in New York in 1911 Golos Truda shifted to Petrograd during the Russian Revolution in 1917 when its editors took advantage of the general amnesty and right of return for political dissidents.
 Masumabad (Persian: معصوم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ma‘şūmābād; also known as Shāh ‘Enāyat Shahīd Sargord Ma‘şūmī and Shah ‘Ināyat) is a village in Sardshir Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 526 in 126 families.
 Tolombeh-ye Mumnayi (Persian: تلمبه مومنائي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Mūmnāyī) is a village in Kavirat Rural District Chatrud District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shah-e Badagh (Persian: شاه بداغ‎ also Romanized as Shāh-e Badāgh) is a village in Najmabad Rural District in the Central District of Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gordon L. Mills (March 30 1928 – June 4 2004) was a politician in Ontario Canada. He served as a New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 1995.
 Unleashed 2005 is a New Zealand compilation rock album released in 2005.
 Trencher is an American comic book series that was created written and drawn by Keith Giffen and released by Image Comics in 1993. It totaled only four issues before its end.
 Ratu Tatu Tevita Momoedonu is a Fijian chief and has served as the fifth Prime Minister of Fiji twice - each time extremely briefly. Both appointments were to get around constitutional technicalities; his first term of office - on 27 May 2000 lasted only a few minutes. His second term - from 14 to 16 March 2001 was for two days. He subsequently served his country as Ambassador to Japan.
 The Eagle is the final novel in the A Dream of Eagles series (published in the United States as the Camulod Chronicles). The Eagle follows the continuing story of Clothar (Lancelot) from when he meets Arthur Pendragon to and possibly after King Arthur's death. It also is noted for having a sympathetic portrait of Mordred.The novel was released on November 19 2005 in Canada and was released in the United States in 2007.
 Caenorhabditis brenneri is a small nematode closely related to the model organism Caenorhabditis elegans and to other species in the same genus. Its genome is being sequenced by Washington University in St. Louis Genome Sequencing Center. This species has previously been referred to as C. sp 4 and Caenorhabditis sp. CB5161 but was recently formally described and given its scientific name.
 Daily Sach (SACH) is an Indian Urdu-language daily newspaper published from Jammu India founded in 1940 by Raja Mohammad Akbar Khan with roots in the Indian independence movement (SACH means Truth in Urdu) it was established with a principle to publish the news and aware the people of United India about the historical changes that were taking place in the British Indian Empire. It is now owned and published by Sach Group which is owned by Mr. Krishan Lal Gupta.
 Jodey Cook Arrington (born March 9 1972) was a member of the Bush Administration dating back to George W. Bush's time as Governor of Texas. Arrington began his career as appointments manager for Governor Bush in 1996 where he remained until Bush's presidential victory in 2000. Arrington was then appointed Special Assistant to the President and Associate Director of Presidential Personnel. In 2001 Donald E.
 Mont Forel is the highest mountain in Greenland that lies outside the area surrounding its absolute highest mountain Gunnbjørn Fjeld. It is located just north of the Arctic Circle north of Ammassalik Island in the Sermersooq municipality. Its elevation is 3383 metres (11099 ft).
 How to Be a Lady: Volume 1 is the debut album of American R&B group Electrik Red released May 26 2009 on Radio Killa and Def Jam Recordings. Production and songwriting for the album was handled primarily by The-Dream and Christopher Tricky Stewart. Primarily an R&B album it incorporates musical elements of electropop and hip hop and contains lyrics concerning sexual and gender-related themes. The album debuted at number 100 on the U.S.
 Hexham Abbey is a place of Christian worship dedicated to St Andrew and located in the town of Hexham Northumberland in northeast England. Since the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1537 the Abbey has been the parish church of Hexham.
 New Orleans Marriott located at 555 Canal Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 42-story 449 feet (137 m)-tall skyscraper.
 The Immaculate Conception Church located at 590 Pyramid Way in Sparks Nevada is a brick Roman Catholic church that was built in 1932. It was designed by prolific Nevada architect Frederic J. DeLongchamps (1882-1969) in Mediterranean Revival architecture. As of 1994 it was still used as a church.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Victoria Gloria is a 2013 3-D anti-war animated short by Theodore Ushev produced in Montreal by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).
 Kotowy [kɔˈtɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Skrwilno 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Rypin and 64 km (40 mi) east of Toruń.
 Bocono River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Rockoon is an album by electronic artist Tangerine Dream which was released in 1992. The album was started in March 1991 and completed January 1992 making it the longest production ever in the band's history.
 A Book of Memories (Hungarian: Emlékiratok könyve) is a 1986 novel by the Hungarian writer Péter Nádas. The narrative follows a Hungarian novelist involved in a romantic triangle in East Berlin; interwoven with the main story are sections of a novel the main character is writing about a German novelist at the turn of the century.An English translation by Ivan Sanders and Imre Goldstein was published in 1997 through Farrar Straus and Giroux.
 Endotricha purpurata is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Wang and Li in 2005 and is known from China (Guizhou).The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are purple suffused with black. The basal area is brown and the terminal area is reddish purple with black scales. The hindwings are reddish suffused with black and with a whitish yellow band extending from the middle near the costal margin to the middle near the inner margin.
 William Cecil Price (1816 – 1901) was a United States lawyer and judge who was active in the proslavery faction of the Missouri Democratic Party from the 1840s on and who served as Treasurer of the United States from 1860 to 1861.
 Mean Streets is a 2009 anthology of four novellas featuring protagonists from four urban fantasy series. The book promotes the characters and authors to existing readers of genre as well as provides new readers to the genre a sample of each series. It was well-received as providing good intriguing stories consistent with style of each series.
 Charles Henry Elston (August 1 1891 - September 25 1980) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.Born in Marietta Washington County Ohio Elston attended the public schools of Marietta and Cincinnati Ohio.Y.M.C.A. Law School Cincinnati LL.B. 1914.He was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Cincinnati Ohio.He served as assistant prosecuting attorney of Hamilton County Ohio from 1915 to 1922.He served as member of the faculty of the Y.M.C.A.
 The Delaware Division of the Pennsylvania Canal more commonly called the Delaware Canal runs from the Lehigh River at Easton (home of The National Canal Museum and terminal end of the Lehigh Canal) south to Bristol. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania built the Delaware canal as part of its Main Line of Internal Improvements to carry anthracite coal limestone cement and lumber from the northeastern reaches of Pennsylvania to Philadelphia.
 Carnosaur 3: Primal Species is a 1996 direct-to-video action/horror/sci-fi film. It is the sequel to the 1995 film Carnosaur 2 and the third installation of the Carnosaur series. It was the first of the series to not get a theatrical release. The film is the last in the series but was followed by two unofficial sequel the first called Raptor in 2001 which included re-used footage from the series; the second was The Eden Formula a made-for-TV film.
 Stein Mill is a historic grist mill located in Greenwich Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1857 and is a 3 1/2-story banked stone building measuring 37 feet 4 inches wide by 45 feet 9 inches deep. Also on the property is the miller's house; a stone dwelling with the oldest section dated to about 1816. It operated as a merchant mill until 1899.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 My Damnation is the second studio album by Chelsea Grin. The band entered the studio early 2011 and finished near the middle of the year. The title track was released as a single on April 17 2011. My Damnation was released on July 19 2011 through Artery Recordings.
 For the film about the Chinese artist see Ai Wei Wei: Never SorryNever Sorry: A Leigh Koslow Mystery is a crime novel by the American writer Edie Claire set in contemporary Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of advertising copywriter Leigh Koslow who when her fledgling advertising business is short on cash takes a part-time job at the Pittsburgh Zoo where she stumbles onto a grisly crime scene.
 Walking the Halls is a 2012 television film directed by Doug Campbell. Originally airing on Lifetime the film was written by Christine Conradt and Ken Sanders and features Jamie Luner and Caitlin Thompson.
 Agdistis protecta is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Turkmenistan and Iran.The wingspan is 15-17 mm.
 Petina is a Croatian village belonging to the town and municipality of Velika Gorica in Zagreb County. As of 2001 is population was of 211.
 Barathrum: V.I.T.R.I.O.L. is the debut album of American black metal band Absu. It was released on December 1 1993 via Gothic Records and re-released in 1994 by Osmose Productions with three bonus tracks.
 Bhaisipankha is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3077 persons living in 555 individual households.
 The genus Panaque contains a small number of small to medium sized South American suckermouth armoured catfishes that are notable for being among the very few vertebrates that feed extensively on wood. In addition algae and aufwuchs are an important part of the diet and they use their rasping teeth to scrape this from rocks. These fish are also popular aquarium fish where the sound of scraping as these fish forage for food is easily audible.
 Eva-Britt Svensson (born 5 December 1946 in Värnamo Småland) is a Swedish politician and former Member of the European Parliament. She is a member of the Left Party.Svensson has been vice-chair of the EUL–NGL group and chair of the European Parliament's Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality.
 Eupithecia dzhirgatalensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Tajikistan and Pakistan.
 13 Treasures is a 2009 juvenile fantasy novel written by Michelle Harrison; it is the first entry in the trilogy The Thirteen Treasures. If features the story of a young girl named Tanya who has the ability to see fairies.
 Clement David Ebri (born 1952) is a Nigerian politician who was elected on the NRC platform as Governor of Cross River State Nigeria between January 1992 and November 17 1993 during the Nigerian Third Republic leaving office after the military coup that brought General Sani Abacha to power.He was a strong supporter of General Ibrahim Babangida who had initiated the short-lived third republic.
 RMIT Building 8 is an educational building part of the RMIT University's City campus in Melbourne Victoria. It sits at 383 Swanston Street on the northern edge of the Hoddle Grid that defines Melbourne's city center.Completed in 1993 by Edmond & Corrigan Pty Ltd in association with The Demaine Partnership Building 8 is an example of architecture in the Postmodern style.
 The Ulieș River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
 Propertius is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Wrong Box is a black comedy novel co-written by Robert Louis Stevenson and Lloyd Osbourne first published in 1889. The story is about two brothers who are the last two surviving members of a tontine.The book is notable for being the first of three novels that Stevenson co-wrote with Osbourne who was his stepson. The others were The Wrecker (1892) and The Ebb-Tide (1894).
 A Moment In Life That's Right is the first studio album by Echo Orbiter. It was released on Looking Glass Workshop in 1998. Combining Revolver-era Beatles studio trickery with Syd Barrett-styled songwriting A Moment in Life That's Right was described as an album of crafty and catchy harmonies a new twist to new pop and a lovely racket indeed. The band has described the album as designedly autotelic.
 Bir Küçük Aşk (English: A Small Love) is İzel's third studio album. All of the lyrics were written by Altan Çetin. Yok Yere has made a huge success all over Turkey.
 Maurice Harry Peston Baron Peston (born 19 March 1931) is an English economist and Labour parliamentarian. His research interests include macroeconomic policy and the economics of education.
 Vincent Brady (born 14 March 1936) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He served under Taoiseach Charles Haughey as Government Chief Whip (1987–1991) and Minister for Defence (1991–1992).Vincent Brady was born in Dublin in 1936. He was educated at St Canices CBS and O'Connells CBS North Richmond Street (Congregation of Christian Brothers School) in Dublin and the College of Commerce in Rathmines.
 The Tift County Courthouse built in 1912-1913 is a historic courthouse building located in Tifton Georgia. It was designed by Atlanta-based architect William Augustus Edwards who designed one other courthouse in Georgia two in Florida and nine in South Carolina as well as academic buildings at 12 institutions in Florida Georgia and South Carolina. On September 18 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Maryellen Goodwin (born September 27 1964 in Providence Rhode Island) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island Senate representing District 24 since January 2005. Goodwin served consecutively from January 1987 until January 2005 in the District 1 and District 4 seats.
 The Church of the Teutonic Order (German: Deutschordenskirche) also known as the Church of Saint Elisabeth of Hungary (German: Hl. Elisabeth von Ungarn) is the mother church of the Teutonic Order a German-based Roman Catholic religious order formed at the end of the 12th century. Located in Vienna Austria near the Stephansdom it is the current seat of the Grand Master of the Order.
 Łysakówek [wɨsaˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowa within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Borowa 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Mielec and 63 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Yatala Labour Prison is a low- to high-security men's prison in the northern suburbs of Adelaide South Australia Australia. It was built in 1854 to enable prisoners to work at the creek quarrying rock for roads and construction. Originally known as The Stockade it acquired its current name from a local Aboriginal word.The prison has been expanded many times but still has functioning buildings that date to the 1850s.
 The Tipu Sultan Shahi Mosque (also known as Tipu Sultan Masjid) is a famous mosque in Kolkata India. Located at 185 Dhartamtalla Street the mosque is a relic of architectural and cultural heritage. People from all sections of society and religions are allowed to visit and take pictures of this historical premise.
 Prophecies of Beautiful Regression is the fourth studio album from The Deadweights released August 4 1987 on Slash Records. The album was re-released on CD in 1990.
 Onchidella floridana is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Clarence Decatur C. D. Howe PC (15 January 1886 – 31 December 1960) was a powerful Canadian Cabinet minister representing the Liberal Party. Howe served in the governments of Prime Ministers William Lyon Mackenzie King and Louis St. Laurent continuously from 1935 to 1957. He is credited with transforming the Canadian economy from agriculture-based to industrial.
 Sigerfjord Church (Norwegian: Sigerfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Sortland in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Sigerfjord. The church is part of the Sortland parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1933 and designed by Harald Sund. The church seats about 280 people.
 The House on the Borderland is a supernatural horror novel by British fantasist William Hope Hodgson.
 Guido De Padt (born 23 May 1954) is a Belgian politician and Senator for the Open Flemish Liberals and Democrats. Since December 2011 he also is the mayor of Geraardsbergen an office he also held from 2001 until 2006. He started his national career as member of the Chamber of Representatives. From December 2008 to July 2009 he was Minister of the Interior in the Van Rompuy I Government.
 Margarita Marlene González Fernández is a Cuban politician and is the Cuban Minister of Labor and Social Security (2009–present). She was appointed as a result of the 2009 shake-up by Raúl Castro.Ms. González has a Master's Degree in Human Resources and is an Industrial Engineer. In 2001 she was made Vice Minister of Labor and Social Security and in 2003 she was appointed to First Vice Minister. She is a member of the Communist Party of Cuba.
 Yu-Gi-Oh! R (遊☆戯☆王 R Yūgiō Āru lit. Game King R) is a Japanese manga series written by Akira Ito based on Kazuki Takahashi's Yu-Gi-Oh! manga. The series which is a spin-off side story to the original manga was serialized in Shueisha's V-Jump magazine between April 2004 and December 2007 and was published in North America by Viz Media.
 Bask (Persian: بسك‎ also Romanized as Basak; also known as Mīndogū) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 323 in 83 families.
 The Gila Bend Mountains are a 35-mile (56 km) long mountain range of the north-central Sonoran Desert southwest of Phoenix Arizona and in southwest Maricopa County.The Gila River of New Mexico and Arizona transects the entire state of Arizona and the watershed covers about 65% of Arizona. The famous Gila Bend of the river changes the west-southwest flow to south-flowing then back to west-flowing.
 The Sodom River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
 Pericyma polygramma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in subtropical Africa and is known from Congo Nigeria South Africa and Madagascar.It has a wingspan of approx. 32-38mm.
 Vietnam–Sweden Hospital (Vietnamese: Bệnh viện Việt Nam-Thụy Điển) is the largest general hospital in Quảng Ninh Province Vietnam founded in 1981 with the help of the Swedish; It was also known as Uông Bí hospital.At present the hospital has 7 functional 19 clinical and 8 subclinical departments.
 Gurrumul is the debut album for Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu. It is performed in a mixture of both Yolngu and English. It reached number three on the ARIA charts won ARIA awards for Best World Music Album and Best Independent Release and won a Deadly for Album of the Year. The track Gurrumul History (I Was Born Blind) also won a Deadly for Single of the Year.The album reached 3x Platinum sales in excess of 210000.
 All Saints Church Theddlethorpe is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Theddlethorpe Lincolnshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands to the east of the A1031 road in the area of the village named Theddlethorpe All Saints and is some 3 miles (5 km) northeast of Mablethorpe. It has been called the Cathedral of the Marsh.
 Eiavatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Eigersund and Sokndal in Rogaland county Norway.
 Rare Birds is a 2001 Canadian comedy/drama film. It was directed by Sturla Gunnarsson and written by Edward Riche based on his novel. This movie features spectacular scenery from Cape Spear Newfoundland Canada. It also features music by The Pogues and characteristic Canadian Maritime musicians such as Ashley MacIsaac.
 Un giorno speciale is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Comencini. The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival.
 Little is known of Federico di Pagana he came from the region of Rapallo on the Genoese Riviera so it is unclear why he was chosen as doge after Nicolò Guarco was forced out of office on April 7 1383. But the well-introduced and astute politician Leonardo Montaldo managed to have the election canceled and to be picked instead as the new doge. After this episode Federico di Pagana disappears from the forefront of Genoese politics.
 Prison Town USA is a 2007 documentary film about Susanville California a small rural town that tries to resuscitate its economy by building a prison.
 Avril Phædra Douglas Kim Campbell (born March 10 1947) PC CC OBC QC is a Canadian politician lawyer university professor diplomat and writer. She served as the 19th Prime Minister of Canada from June 25 1993 to November 4 1993. Campbell was the first and to date only female Prime Minister of Canada the first baby boomer to hold that office and the only Prime Minister born in British Columbia.
 The Fox Theatre (often marketed as the Fabulous Fox) a former movie palace is a performing arts venue located at 660 Peachtree Street NE in Midtown Atlanta Georgia and is the centerpiece of the Fox Theatre Historic District.The theater was originally planned as part of a large Shrine Temple as evidenced by its Moorish design. The 4678 seat auditorium was ultimately developed as a lavish movie theater in the Fox Theatres chain and opened in 1929.
 Iłówiec Wielki [iˈwuvjɛt͡s ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Brodnica 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Śrem and 29 km (18 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 80.
 Bryan Kent Anderson (born July 5 1942) is a Canadian politician in Edmonton Alberta Canada. He was first elected to the Edmonton City Council in 1998 representing Ward 5. He was re-elected in 2001 2004 and 2007. In 2010 the wards were renumbered and Anderson was re-elected to the new Ward 9 in 2010 and 2013.Before entering politics Anderson was a high school football and basketball coach for 34 years.
 All Saints Church Speke is in Speke Liverpool Merseyside England standing at the junction of Hale Road and Speke Church Road. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Liverpool South Childwall the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with that of St Aiden Speke. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Changsha (Chinese: 长沙) is a poem written by Mao Zedong in 1925. It is considered by many Chinese to be of high literary quality and one of the best of Mao's poems.[citation needed]
 Walsingham Friary was a monastic house in Norfolk England.
 One For The Road is a travel book by Bjørn Christian Tørrissen first published in 2008. The book was translated from Norwegian where it was published under the title I pose og sekk! (2005).
 Wisconsin Hayride was the first major label release by Gumball. The EP Recorded and Released in 1992 was a teaser set to capitalize on the Alternative rock boom of the time before they could spend time recording a proper full length. Wisconsin Hayride is an all covers EP featuring songs by Mahavishnu Orchestra Black Flag Foetus Small Faces and The Damned.
 Helm (Arabic: حلم‎ – A Dream) is the first pop album by the Lebanese actress and singer Carole Samaha. It was released in 2003 by EMI Music Arabia. The Rough Guide to World Music: Africa & The Middle East calls it Deliciously neat production. The song Ghali Aayi from the album became a hit. Following the release of this album Carole Samaha won the Best Female Newcomer award at the Arab Music Awards.
 New Castle and Frenchtown Railroad Right-of-Way is a railroad right of way connecting Frenchtown Cecil County Maryland and Porter New Castle County Delaware. The New Castle and Frenchtown Railroad originally crossed the Delmarva Peninsula from a wharf in New Castle to a wharf at Frenchtown on the Elk River in Maryland.
 Michael J. Aguilar is a retired United States Marine Corps brigadier general and the Federal Security Director of the San Diego International Airport. Aguilar is the first Hispanic of Mexican descent to reach the rank of General officer in the United States Marine Corps.
 The Seaforth River is a river in New Zealand flowing into Dusky Sound.
 Ljósufjöll is a fissure vent system and central volcano on the Snæfellsnes Peninsula in Iceland. The system has a length of about 90 km reaching from the lavafields Berserkjahraun on the northside of Snæfellsnes to the village Bifröst and the nearby Grábrók craters next to the no. 1 highway (hringvegur) north of Borgarnes. The volcanic system contains cinder cones and is the only system on the peninsula that has erupted in recorded history.
 Child of the Ghetto is the debut album by rapper G. Dep. It was released on November 20 2001 for Bad Boy Records and featured production from Sean Combs and members of The Hitmen among others.The album peaked at #106 on Billboard 200 and #23 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Single Special Delivery from the album peaked at #59 on Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and #3 on Hot Rap Singles. The sales of the album caused G. Dep to subsequently be dropped from Bad Boy Records.
 The Oyster Box is a luxury five-star hotel in Umhlanga just north of Durban South Africa. It was built in 1869 as a beach cottage and retained its name when it was converted into a hotel in the 1930s. In July 2011 Prince Albert II of Monaco and Princess Charlene of Monaco spent their honeymoon in its £4600 a night Presidential Suite.
 For other mountain ranges named Black Mountains see: Black Mountains (disambiguation)The Black Mountains of northwest Arizona are an extensive mostly linear north-south 75-mile (121 km) long mountain range. It forms the north-south border of southwest Mohave County as it borders the eastern shore of the south-flowing Colorado River from Hoover Dam.The northwest and parts of the west of the range are located in the Lake Mead National Recreation Area.
 Paul Adam Engelmayer (born April 12 1961) is a District Judge on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The United States Senate confirmed him on July 26 2011 in a 98–0 vote. He received his commission on July 27 2011.
 The Izbucu River is a tributary of the Valea Ursului River in Romania.
 Gierniak [ˈɡʲɛrɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Krzczonów and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Niedźwiadek [ɲɛd͡ʑˈvjadɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Linia 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Eutretosoma is a genus of the family Tephritidae better known as fruit flies.
 L'Italiano is an Italian daily newspaper published in Argentina
 Miškovci is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Engelberg (Leonberg) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 East of Samarinda is a collection of stories by author Carl Jacobi. It was released in 1989 by Bowling Green State University Popular Press. Although Jacobi is known mostly for his horror and science fiction stories this book collects adventure stories set in Borneo and the South Seas. The collection was edited by Carl Jacobi and R. Dixon Smith. Jacobi also provides a preface and Smith wrote the introduction.The stories originally appeared in pulp magazines such as Thrilling Adventure.
 Los Cuates de Chabelo (English The friends of Chabelo) is an album by various singers. Chabelo produced the project in which musicians as Daniela Romo Tania Libertad Kabah and Celia Cruz honour Chabelo's work.
 Makati Shangri-La Manila is a 5-star luxury hotel located in Makati City Philippines and one of the three hotels managed by Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts located in Metro Manila Philippines. It opened on April 27 1993.
 Chahar Bagh (Persian: چهارباغ‎ also Romanized as Chahār Bāgh) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 405 in 83 families.
 Oru Mukham Pala Mukham (Malayalam: ഒരു മുഖം പല മുഖം) is a 1983 Malayalam action film starring Ratheesh Srividya Mohanlal and Mammootty. Ratheesh plays Raveendran Thampi who takes vengeance against Subhadramma Thankachi (Srividya) for killing his family and adopting him. Mohanlal plays the real son of Subhadramma Thankachi while Mammootty plays Raveendran Thampi's real father.
 Dmitry Ivanovich Kursky (Russian: Дми́трий Ива́нович Ку́рский) — (10 October 1874 — 20 December 1932) a.k.a. Urban was a Russian communist politician. Kursky joined the Bolshevik faction of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party in 1904. He served as the chairman of the Drissa town Soviet. He was the People's Commissar for Justice of the RSFSR and the USSR from 1918–1928. He committed suicide in 1932.
 Bramall Hall is a Tudor manor house in Bramhall within the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport Greater Manchester England. It is a timber-framed building the oldest parts of which date from the 14th century with later additions from the 16th and 19th centuries.
 The Gârcu River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania. It starts at the junction of branches Gârcu Mare and Gârcu Mic
 Lac des Arcs is a lake in Alberta Canada that forms part of the Bow River.Located within Alberta's Rockies the Hamlet of Lac des Arcs is located on the lake's southeastern shore while the Lafarge Exshaw Plant and a limestone quarry lie on the lake's northern shore. The Trans-Canada Highway runs along the southern shore and a Canadian Pacific Railway line and Highway 1A follow the northern shore.
 Sue Wilkins Myrick (born August 1 1941) is the former U.S. Representative for North Carolina's 9th congressional district serving from 1995 to 2013. She is a member of the Republican Party. She was the first Republican woman to represent North Carolina in Congress. On February 7 2012 she announced that she was retiring. She left Congress in January 2013 and was replaced by Robert Pittenger.
 The Cathedral of All Saints (known as Derby Cathedral) is a cathedral church in the city of Derby Derbyshire England. It is the seat of the Bishop of Derby.
 St Andrew's Church Wroxeter is a redundant Church of England parish church in the village of Wroxeter Shropshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Both the village of Wroxeter and the church are in the southwest corner of the former Roman town of Viroconium.
 Välkommen till folkhemmet is a 1983 album from Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla. It is the first album to focus on what later became his signature sound pop rock with satiric lyrics.IQ is a cover of Bruce Woolley's Blue Blue (Victoria) with new unrelated lyrics in Swedish.
 The Lair of Bones is the fourth novel in David Farland's epic fantasy series The Runelords. It is the final novel in the saga's original story arc.
 Dimeling Hotel is a historic hotel located in Clearfield Pennsylvania United States. The seven-story 120-room hotel located across from the Clearfield County Courthouse was designed by Louis Beezer and Michael J. Beezer of Beezer Brothers a Seattle-based architectural firm and constructed in 1904-1905. The hotel ceased operating in 1977.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 10 1980.
 Auden’s Col is a high altitude mountain pass connecting Rudugaira valley and Bhilangna valley.
 Acraea admatha Hewitson’s Glassy Acraea is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in southern Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Republic of Congo northern Angola and the western part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forest edges secondary forests and agricultural areas with a full canopy.The larvae feed on Rinorea species.
 The Sunday Standard was an English-language Sri Lankan weekly newspaper published by Standard Newspapers (Private) Limited part of Communication and Business Equipment (Private) Limited (CBE). It was founded in 2007 and was published from Colombo. Its sister newspaper was the Mawbima.The Sunday Standard and its sister newspaper Mawbima were launched in August 2006.
 James Martin Jim Scott (born June 11 1938) is an American politician. A Democrat he was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in November 1991. He served on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors 1972–86. He currently represents the 53rd district made up of the city of Falls Church and part of Fairfax County.Scott announced that he would not run for reelection in 2013. He endorsed Marcus Simon his former aide as his successor.
 From the Place in the Valley Deep in the Forest is a short-story collection by American writer Mitch Cullin and is the author's fifth book. It was first published as a trade paperback in November 2001 by Dufour Editions in the US. A UK trade paperback edition was published by Weidenfeld & Nicolson in January 2005.
 Warm Lake is a popular lake in Idaho United States. It is located 26 miles east of Cascade in Valley County at 5298 feet above sea level. The lake's abundance of wildlife makes it very popular for camping fishing and hunting. Visitors typically have a chance of seeing moose deer bear elk eagles and osprey. There are two lodges at the lake North Shore Lodge and Warm Lake Lodge. The Warm Lake Lodge on the lake has been there since 1911. It is part of the Boise National Forest.
 Almazbek Sharshenovich Atambayev (Cyrillic: Алмазбек Шаршенович Атамбаев; born 17 September 1956) has been the President of Kyrgyzstan since 1 December 2011. He previously was Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan from 17 December 2010 to 1 December 2011 having also been Prime Minister from 29 March 2007 until 28 November 2007. He also served as Chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan from 30 July 1999 to 23 September 2011.
 Moor (Urdu: ماں‎ meaning Mother) is an upcoming Pakistani family/drama film written & directed by Jamshed Mahmood (a.k.a Jami) based on decline of the railways system in Pakistan. Moor is Pushto word meaning mother. Moor was previously named as Morqaye.
 Snåsavatnet (English: Snåsa lake) is Norway's 6th largest lake with an area of approximately 120 square kilometres (46 sq mi). The surface is only 24 metres (79 ft) above sea level. Snåsavatnet is located in the municipalities of Steinkjer and Snåsa in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The villages of Følling and Sunnan lie at the southwestern end of the lake and the village of Snåsa lies at the northeastern end of the lake.
 Moldulhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Otwiernica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Bóbr.
 The Belleview School (also known as Belleview City Hall) is a historic building in Belleview Florida United States. Built in 1928 it was designed by noted architect Edward Columbus Hosford in the Mission Revival style. The Belleview School is located at 5343 Southeast Abshier Boulevard. On March 25 1999 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Qarah Aghaj-e Kushk (Persian: قره اغاج كوشك‎ also Romanized as Qarah Āghāj-e Kūshk and Qareh Āghāj-e Kushk; also known as Qarah Āghāj-e Koshk) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 12 families.
 Aliabad-e Kalkhuni (Persian: علي ابادكال خوني‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Kālkhūnī) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 21 families.
 Late Night Tales: Four Tet is a DJ mix album compiled by Kieran Hebden who goes by the pseudonym Four Tet. It is part of the Late Night Tales/Another Late Night compilation series.
 The Sky Crawlers (スカイ·クロラ Sukai Kurora) is a Japanese novel series by Hiroshi Mori. First published by Chuōkōron-shinsha in June 2001 and spanning five books it follows the journeys and tribulations of a group of young fighter pilots involved in dogfight warfare and is set during an alternate historical period. The series is unlike other works by Mori noted for his series of mystery novels. The art for the series is illustrated by manga artist Kenji Tsuruta.
 Lake Te Kahika is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 The Palm Trump International Hotel & Tower was a proposed skyscraper hotel at the trunk of the Palm Jumeirah in Dubai. It was a joint venture between the Trump Organization and Dubai-based Nakheel a government-owned company and was announced on October 5 2005. The hotel was expected to be a 300-room hotel. Construction work was suspended indefinitely on this and other prestigious building projects throughout Dubai in late 2008 largely as a result of the global credit crunch.
 The Kaiwhata River is a river of the southern North Island of New Zealand. It rises in rough hill country to the southeast of Masterton flowing southeast to reach the Pacific Ocean 12 kilometres south of Riversdale Beach.
 Leonte Răutu (until 1945 Lev Nikolayevich (Nicolaievici) Oigenstein; February 28 1910 – 1993) was a Bessarabian-born Romanian communist activist and propagandist. He was chief ideologist of the Romanian Communist Party (Workers' Party) during the rule of Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej and one of his country's few high-ranking communists to have studied Marxism from the source.
 Baghakol (Devnagari:बाघाकोल ) is a village located in Haspura Tehsil of Aurangabad district of Bihar.
 For the Merja people see Volga Finns#Merya.Merja is a village in Koeru Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Sir Richard Dry KCMG (20 September 1815 – 1 August 1869) was an Australian politician who was Premier of Tasmania from 24 November 1866 until 1 August 1869 when he died in office. Dry was the first Tasmanian-born premier and the first Tasmanian to be knighted.Dry was born in Launceston Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania) the son of Richard Dry an officer and pastoralist and his wife Anne née Maughan. Dry was educated at a Kirkland's private school in Campbell Town.
 Melanarctia lativitta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Brazil.
 Valnesfjord Church (Norwegian: Valnesfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Straumsnes. The church is part of the Valnesfjord parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was completed in 1905 and it was consecrated on 14 June 1905 the Bishop Peter Wilhelm Bøckman. The church seats about 315 people.
 Mount Sniktau is a mountain peak in the western United States the 448th highest peak in the state of Colorado at 13240 feet (4036 m) above sea level. A thirteener it is located west of Denver along the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains and the Continental Divide within Clear Creek County. Its parent peak is Grizzly Peak located mainly in adjacent Summit County.
 The Federal Prison Camp Alderson (FPC Alderson) is a minimum-security United States federal prison for female inmates in West Virginia. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FPC Alderson is located in two West Virginia counties near the town of Alderson. A portion of the prison is located in unincorporated Monroe County while the other portion of the prison including the dormitories lies in unincorporated Summers County.
 H. Gopal Bhandary is an Indian politician from the state of Karnataka and the current Member of Legislative Assembly of Karnataka. H. Gopal Bhandary was elected as MLA from Karkal (Karkala) constituency.H. Gopal Bhandary won the Karkal assembly seat by 1537 votes when the elections for Karnataka state assembly last held in 2008.
 Koti Lateh (Persian: كتي لته‎ also Romanized as Kotī Lateh; also known as Kotī Latak) is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District Shirgah District Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 440 in 128 families.
 Cabot Circus is a shopping centre in Bristol England. It is adjacent to Broadmead a shopping district in Bristol city centre. The Cabot Circus development area contains shops offices a cinema hotel and 250 apartments. It covers a total of 139350 m2 (1500000 sq ft) floor space of which 92900 m2 (1000000 sq ft) is retail outlets and leisure facilities. It opened in September 2008 after a ten-year planning and building project costing £500 million.
 Curtis J. Jones Jr. is a Democratic Councilman representing the Fourth District on the City Council of Philadelphia Pennsylvania USA. He has served since 2008.
 The Château de Castelnau-Montratier was originally a 13th-century castle in the commune of Castelnau-Montratier in the Lot département of France.The château has 13th century façade built in stone and in which are three double windows each surmounted by an arch resting on a sculpted capital. The castle is privately owned. It has been listed since 1924 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Euphaedra modesta the Modest Themis Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in north-western Guinea Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of forests.Adults are attracted to fallen fruit.The larvae feed on Deinbollia pinnata and Blighia sapida.
 Spiritestis is a genus of flatworm.
 The Pipestone Indian School Superintendent's House served as the home of the superintendent of the Pipestone Indian School from its construction in 1907 to the closure of the school in 1953.
 Joe Carey Ellington Jr. (born May 12 1959 in Flushing Queens New York) is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 27 since January 12 2013. Ellington served consecutively from January 2011 until January 2013 in the District 25 seat.
 Kudumbini (Malayalam: കുടുംബിനി) is a 1964 Malayalam language film directed by P. A. Thomas. The film received a certificate of merit at the annual National Film Awards.
 Stanley Francis Birch Jr. (born August 29 1945) was a United States federal judge.Birch was born in Langley Field Virginia. He was nominated by George H. W. Bush on March 22 1990 for the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit to a seat vacated by James Clinkscales Hill. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on May 11 1990 and received his commission on May 14 1990.
 American Education: The National Experience 1783–1876 is a 1980 nonfiction book by American historian Lawrence A. Cremin published by Harper and Row. The book is the second volume in Cremin's trilogy on U.S. schools throughout the nation's history. In 1981 the book won the Pulitzer Prize for History.
 Sheila McHale is a former Australian Labor Party MP in the Government of Western Australia. Prior to retirement she served as Member for Kenwick and Minister for Disability Services Tourism Culture and the Arts and Consumer Protection.Born in Yorkshire England she emigrated to Western Australia in 1978. She was first elected to State Parliament in 1996 and served as the Shadow Minister for Health the Arts and Heritage.
 The Very Best of Impellitteri: Faster Than the Speed of Light (2002) is a compilation album by Impellitteri containing tracks from Stand In Line (1988) up to System X (2002) as well as unreleased songs.
 Kurów Mały [ˈkuruf ˈmawɨ] (German: Klein Kauer) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jerzmanowa within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 km (2 mi) east of Jerzmanowa 7 km (4 mi) south of Głogów and 85 km (53 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 80.
 Clathrodrillia inimica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Rudolf Zajac (born 9 February 1951) is a former (2002–2006) Minister of Health of Slovakia in the government of Prime Minister Mikuláš Dzurinda. He is well known for his radical and unpopular reform of health care in Slovakia. Nowadays he is in political retirement but he has joined think-tanks mostly involved in health care issues.
 The Sowers is a surviving 1916 silent film drama produced by Jesse Lasky released through Paramount Pictures and directed by William C. deMille. The feature stars Blanche Sweet and Thomas Meighan and is based on the novel The Sowers by Henry Seton Merriman. It is preserved in the Library of Congress collections.
 Omaliinae MacLeay 1825 are a subfamily of Staphylinidae. See Newton et al. (2001) and references therein for further information about this subfamily.
 Notiopsyllopus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Holland Bloorview Kids Rehabilitation Hospital is Canada's largest children's rehabilitation hospital. It is located in Toronto Ontario Canada.
 Derek Brownlee (born 10 August 1974) is a Scottish accountant and politician who is a former Conservative Member of the Scottish Parliament for the South of Scotland Region (2005–2011).
 Brzezina [bʐɛˈʑina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Sattam is a 1983 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by K. Vijayan and produced by Anandavalli Balaji starring Kamal Haasan and Sarath Babu in lead roles while Madhavi played the heroine. It's a remake of Hindi movie Dostana (1980 film)
 Black Sheep Astray is a science fiction short story by Dallas McCord Mack Reynolds. It is one of thirteen narratives included in the collection Astounding: John W. Campbell Memorial Anthology a special tribute by Astounding authors to the memory of science fiction and fantasy magazine editor John W. Campbell.
 Great Bliss Vol. 1 is an album by American jazz saxophonist David S. Ware recorded in 1990 and released on the Swedish Silkheart label. Great Bliss was conceived as a two-installment project and marks the debut of the David S. Ware Quartet one of the most highly acclaimed musical groups of the decade.
 Bråkdalsbelgen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Banaras: A Mystic Love Story is the name of an Indian Bollywood film directed by Pankaj Parashar released in 2006. The film takes place in the Hindu holy city of Varanasi (the city once known as Banaras serves as a destination for the pilgrimage of millions of Hindu worshippers annually) and is centered on the relationship of a young woman with her parents and her lover. The storyline also has a strong religious dimension.
 The First Unitarian Church of Chicago is a Unitarian Universalist (UU) church in Chicago Illinois. Unitarians do not have a common creed and include people with a wide variety of personal beliefs and include atheists agnostics deists monotheists pantheists polytheists pagans as well as other belief systems.One of the oldest churches in Chicago First Unitarian Chicago was founded in 1836 and located at 5650 S. Woodlawn Avenue.
 Hönnige (Wupper) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Convicted Woman (1940) is a Crime movie starring Rochelle Hudson - Glenn Ford and directed by Nick Grinde. It is also known as Dames and Daughters of Today.
 Hypolimnas mechowi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Mongala Uele Ituri Kivu Tshopo Equateur Sankuru).
 Peony is a novel by Pearl S. Buck first published in 1948. It is a story of China's Kaifeng Jews.
 Mount Iyogatake (伊予ヶ岳 Iyoga-take) is a mountain on the border of the city of Minamibōsō Chiba Prefecture Japan with an altitude of 336.6 m (1104 ft). Mount Iyogatake is at the west of the Mineoka Mountain District of the Bōsō Hill Range in close proximity to Mount Tomi. The mountain takes its name from its resemblance to Mount Ishizuchi in Ehime Prefecture formerly in Iyo Province.Mount Iyogatake is one of the few mountains in the Bōsō Hill Range with steep rock cliff.
 Scratch is a documentary film directed and edited by Doug Pray. The film explores the world of the hip-hop DJ. From the birth of hip-hop when pioneering DJ's began extending breaks on their party records (which helped inspire break dancing and rap) to the invention of scratching and beat-juggling vinyl to its more recent explosion as a musical movement called turntablism. The documentary opens with Grand Wizard Theodore (New York) telling the story of how he first introduced scratching.
 James Edgar (born July 22 1946) is an American politician who was the 38th Governor of Illinois from 1991 to 1999. Previously he served as Illinois Secretary of State from 1981 to 1991. As a moderate Republican in a largely blue-leaning state Edgar was a popular and successful governor leaving office with high approval ratings.
 The AN/FSQ-7 Combat Direction Central (colloq. Q7) was a computerized command and control system for Cold War ground-controlled interception used in the USAF Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) air defense network. The largest computer system ever built each of the 24 installed machines weighed 250 tons and had two computers.
 Aghbolagh-e Olya (Persian: اغبلاغ عليا‎ also Romanized as Āghbolāgh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Āqbolāgh-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 40 families.
 Harry Mason Reid (born December 2 1939) is the senior United States Senator from Nevada and a member of the Democratic Party serving since 1987. He has been the Senate Majority Leader since January 2007 having previously served as Minority Leader and Minority and Majority Whip.Previously Reid was a member of the U.S.
 The House at 5 Prospect Hill in Somerville Massachusetts is rare in the city as a Queen Anne house executed in brick. Built c. 1880 the 2.5 story house features bargeboard accents in the gables and terra cotta insets in the brickwork.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Carole A. Fiola is an American politician elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in September 2013. She was sworn-in September 25 2013. She is a Fall River resident and a member of the Democratic Party.Fiola previously served five two-year terms on the Massachusetts Governor's Council to which she was first elected in 2000. She decided against seeking re-election in 2010. She also is a real estate agent in Fall River.
 Sapphirinidae is a family of parasitic copepods containing the following genera:Copilia Dana 1849Saphirinella Claus 1863Sapphirina J. Thompson 1830Terebellicola M. Sars 1861Vettoria C. B. Wilson 1924↑
 Oenas is a genus of blister beetle related to the well-known Lytta vesicatoria (a.k.a. Spanish Fly). The genus is Mediterranean in its distribution (from Morocco & Spain east to Caucasus Palestine & Iran).nl:Oenas
 Cunani River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 The First National Bank Building is a building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Located at 401–409 SW 5th Avenue designed by Coolidge and Shattuck of Boston resembling some of the Lincoln memorial classicism it was built in 1916 when the bank outgrew its earlier quarters and when it was subsequently under the ownership of H.W.Corbett’s grandsons.It was the headquarters of The First National Bank in Portland from 1916 to 1972 at S.W.
 Babice Donje (Cyrillic: Бабице Доње) is a village in the municipality of Lukavac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Burn in Natchez Mississippi was built in 1834. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Notarctia arizoniensis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Stretch in 1874. It is found from the south-western United States to Colombia. In the United States it has been recorded from California east to western Texas and north to western Colorado and western Wyoming. The habitat consists of wet meadows found in lowland desert regions.The length of the forewings is 16-22 mm. The forewings are black with wide yellow transverse and longitudinal lines.
 Saqi (Persian: ساقي‎ also Romanized as Sāqī; also known as Sāgi) is a village in Amiriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 567 in 134 families.
 Çimşit is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Detective Story is a 1951 film noir which tells the story of one day in the lives of the various people who populate a police detective squad. It features Kirk Douglas George Macready Eleanor Parker William Bendix and Cathy O'Donnell. Both Lee Grant and Joseph Wiseman perform in their film debuts. The movie was adapted by Robert Wyler and Philip Yordan from the 1949 play of the same name by Sidney Kingsley.
 Kahnuj (Persian: كهنوج‎ also Romanized as Kahnūj; also known as Kahnūj-e Bālā) is a village in Fareghan Rural District Fareghan District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 40 families.
 Kumçay is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 153 people.
 Muğdat Mosque (Turkish: Muğdat Camisi) is a large mosque in Mersin Turkey. It is named after Miktat bin Esved one of the early Muslims.
 Fourier is a lunar crater that is located in the southwestern part of the Moon's near side just to the southeast of the crater Vieta. To the northeast is the Mare Humorum. The rim of this crater is roughly circular but appears oval when viewed from the Earth due to foreshortening.Except to the north-northwest the outer rim is not heavily eroded. The satellite crater Fourier B lies along the eastern rim and inner side.
 Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin is a scientific journal published by SAGE Publications for the Society for Personality and Social Psychology (SPSP).
 The Hamburg Rathaus is the Rathaus—the city hall or town hall—of Hamburg Germany. It is the seat of the government of Hamburg located in the Altstadt quarter in the city centre near the lake Binnenalster and the central station. Constructed from 1886 to 1897 the city hall still houses its original governmental functions with the office of the First Mayor of Hamburg and the meeting rooms for Hamburg's parliament and senate (the city's executive).
 The Columbia Basin Herald is the local newspaper for the high Columbia Basin Plateau area of Central Washington. It is based in Moses Lake Washington. The Columbia Basin Herald is published Monday through Friday and serves Grant and Adams counties in Central Washington. The communities they serve are Moses Lake Ephrata Othello Quincy Warden Soap Lake Coulee City Ritzville Lind and Crescent Bar.
 Donacia is a large genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Donaciinae. Like other members of that subfamily the beetles have long antennae. They are active and able to fly. Larvae feed on submerged portions of aquatic plants such as water lilies and breathe oxygen from plant vessels.
 Khartoum is a 1966 film written by Robert Ardrey and directed by Basil Dearden. It stars Charlton Heston as General Gordon and Laurence Olivier as the Mahdi (Muhammad Ahmed) and is based on Gordon's defence of the Sudanese city of Khartoum from the forces of the Mahdist army during the Siege of Khartoum.Khartoum was filmed by cinematographer Ted Scaife in Technicolor Ultra Panavision 70 and was exhibited in 70 mm Cinerama in premiere engagements.
 The Wonnangatta River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the Alpine and East Gippsland regions of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Stigmella uwusebi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Mey in 2004. It is found in Namibia.
 Malani Senehelatha Fonseka (Sinhala:මාලනි සෙනෙහෙලතා ෆොන්සෙකා) (born April 30 1947 in Kelaniya) is an award-winning Sri Lankan film actress also known as the Queen of Sinhalese cinema. Her cinema career which has spanned many decades began with Tissa Liyansooriya's Punchi Baba in 1968.
 Eshqabad (Persian: عشق اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eshqābād and Ishqābād) is a village in Fasharud Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 12 families.
 Close-Up Vol. 1 Love Songs is the eighth studio album release by New York-based singer/songwriter and musician Suzanne Vega.
 The Little Nugget is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse. It was first published in Munsey's Magazine in August 1913 before being published as a book in the UK on 28 August 1913 by Methuen & Co. London and in the US on 10 January 1914 by W.J. Watt and Company New York.
 The Cocoru River is a tributary of the Valea Adâncă in Romania.
 The Chavón River is a river of the Dominican Republic.
 Haliophyle connexa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 Advocate Good Samaritan Hospital is a 333-bed community hospital located in Downers Grove in the US state Illinois. The hospital opened in 1976 and operates the only Level I trauma center in the county of Dupage. Advocate Good Samaritan Hospital is a part of Advocate Health Care.Advocate Good Samaritan Hospital has earned a spot on the 100 Top Hospitals list five times.
 Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol is a 2011 American action spy film. It is the fourth film in the Mission: Impossible series. It stars Tom Cruise who reprises his role of IMF Agent Ethan Hunt and is director Brad Bird's first live-action film. Ghost Protocol was written by André Nemec and Josh Appelbaum and produced by Cruise J. J. Abrams (the third film's director) and Bryan Burk.
 St Andrew's Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar and is part of the Presbytery of Europe. The church was opened in 1854. Whilst originally built primarily to serve as a garrison church for Scottish soldiers based in Gibraltar today it serves the wider Presbyterian and Reformed Christian community of all nationalities.The church is run by a committee of elders.
 The Grădiștea River is a tributary of the Turcu River in Romania
 Puente Nuevo Reservoir is a reservoir in Villaviciosa de Córdoba province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain.
 Leipoa is a genus of mound-building birds in the Megapode family. It contains two species both endemic to Australia one of which is extinct.
 Bzianka [ˈbʑanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świlcza within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Świlcza and 8 km (5 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 The Brandon-Bell-Collier House is a house in Fulton in the state of Missouri in the central United States. It was built in stages between about 1862 and 1917. From 1900 to 1902 it was owned by Fulton architect Morris Frederick Bell who undertook a major remodelling expanding the house to two stories and incorporating elements of the Queen Anne and Colonial Revival architectural styles.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The River Dee is a river running through the extreme south east of Cumbria a part of the Craven region traditionally part of the West Riding of Yorkshire.The river rises at Dent Head Farm on the Dales Way formed from several smaller streams emanating from Blea Moor Moss the River Dee makes its way northward past Stone House to Cowgill where it turns left into Dentdale.
 The Northern white-breasted hedgehog (Erinaceus roumanicus) is a species of hedgehog.The range of the species extends in the west as far as Poland Austria and the former Yugoslavia and south to Greece and the Adriatic Islands including populations on Crete Corfu and Rhodes. It is found eastwards through Russia and Ukraine as far east as the Ob River in Siberia.
 Gurpartap Singh Wadala is an Indian politician and belongs to the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal. He is a member of Punjab Legislative Assembly and represent Nakodar. He is son of former Akali MLA Kuldip Singh Wadala.
 Nemunuiyeh (Persian: نمونوييه‎ also Romanized as Nemūnū’īyeh) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Brihat Jataka or Brihat Jatakam or Brihajjatakam (Sanskrit: बृहज्जातकम) is one of the five principal texts written by Varahamihira the other four being Panchasiddhantika Brihat Samhita Laghu Jataka and Yogayatra. It is also one of the five major treatises on Hindu Predictive Astrology the other four being Saravali of Kalyanverma Sarvartha Chintamani of Venkatesh Jataka Parijata of Vaidyanatha and Phaladeepika of Mantreswara.
 ...In Dub is a dub remix album by Meat Beat Manifesto. ...In Dub is mostly remixes of RUOK? material with select songs featuring vocals by DJ Collage however there are some original tracks. The album was issued as both a CD and a DVD which contains minimalistic music videos. Both versions also have separate track listings.
 Tolombeh-ye Kheyri (Persian: تلمبه خيري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Kheyrī) is a village in Miyan Deh Rural District Shibkaveh District Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ciliopagurus haigae is a species of hermit crab native to Tanzania.
 Brodica is a village in the municipality of Kučevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 468 people.
 Cubiceps is a genus of driftfishes found circumglobally.
 Just Keep Eating is the only full-length album by the Austin Texas noise rock band Scratch Acid. Although it was only released on vinyl it can be found as tracks 9-21 on the compilation album The Greatest Gift.
 Street Angels is a 1991 Australian TV movie about two social workers dealing with young kids.
 Arab (Persian: عرب‎ also Romanized as ‘Arab) is a village in Badranlu Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 47 families.
 Flashman is a 1969 novel by George MacDonald Fraser. It is the first of the Flashman novels.
 Jeanette C. Takamura PhD was the second Assistant Secretary for Aging at the Administration on Aging within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. She was appointed by President Clinton in 1997 and served in the position until 2001. Before that she served as the Deputy Director for Administration of the Hawaii State Department of Health and the Director of the Executive Office on Aging within the State of Hawaii's Office of the Governor.
 June Jaronitzky (June 9 1938) was a Republican politician and legislator from Wisconsin.Born in Alberta Canada June graduated from Alberta College and MacTavish College. She served in the Wisconsin State Assembly for two terms. She was a member of the Bayfield County Republican Party and the Iron River Speedway Association.
 Hawthorne is a book of literary criticism by Henry James published in 1879. The book was an insightful study of James' great predecessor Nathaniel Hawthorne. James gave extended consideration to each of Hawthorne's novels and a selection of his short stories. He also reviewed Hawthorne's life and some of his nonfiction. The book became somewhat controversial for a famous section where James enumerated the items of novelistic interest he thought were absent from American life.
 Illustrations of the Family of the Psittacidae or Parrots contains 42 lithographs with original hand painted colour by Edward Lear.Lear started painting parrots in 1830 when he was 18 years old and by 1832 he had published 42 paintings of parrots as lithographic plates bound together as a book. A total of 175 books were made of which about 100 survive today. He painted live parrots at the London Zoo and some in private collections.
 Quick Change is a 2013 Philippine drama film directed by Eduardo Roy Jr.. The was screened in the Panorama section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Santissimo Salvatore is a Baroque style church in central Bologna.
 Calliotropis grata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Karimu (Persian: كريمو‎ also Romanized as Karīmū) is a village in Masabi Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 801 in 287 families.
 The Cooksville Cheese Factory is located in Evansville Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Try to Remember is a 2004 Mystery Television movie based on a novel by Mary Higgins Clark that was shot in 2003 on location in Moose Jaw and Saskatchewan Canada.
 The Galu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Future of Food is a 2004 American documentary film which describes an investigation into unlabelled patented genetically engineered foods that have been sold in grocery stores in the United States for the past decade.
 Definition is an EP released by Jersey for Fueled by Ramen on May 8 2001.
 Ćavarov Stan is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is pure Croatian village with 46 inhabitants.Name Ćavarov Stan means Ćavar's Residence. Ćavar is last name of majority of inhabitants.
 Sędańsk [ˈsɛndaɲsk] (German: Seedanzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Szczytno and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Loose Woman: Getting Wet at Noon (ふしだらな女　真昼に濡れる Fushidarana Onna Mahiru ni Nureru) aka The Forest of Immorality (背徳の森 Haitoku no Mori) is a 2006 Japanese pink film directed by Yūji Tajiri. It won the Best Film 9th Place award at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 The Gletscherhorn (3983 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It forms the eastern edge of the Lauterbrunnen Wall south of the Jungfrau.
 Steinbruch Siefen is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Qurahjil (Persian: قوره جيل‎ also Romanized as Qūrahjīl) is a village in Kermajan Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 43 families.
 Nyalam Tong La or Yakrushong La is a Mountain pass in China on the Matsung Tsangpo-Phung Chhu watershed divide where the Friendship Highway connecting Kathmandu Nepal and Lhasa Tibet crosses at 5150 metres (16900 ft) elevation.Originally called Yakrushong La and Kuti Pass by Nepalese traders the pass is currently generally known as Nyalam Tong La (pass from which Nyalam is visible) or simply Tong La although the original Tong La pass lies further east on the traditional Tingri-Nyalam trade route. 
 The Gulf of Patras (Greek: Πατραϊκός Κόλπος Patraikós Kólpos) is a branch of the Ionian Sea. On the east it is closed by the Strait of Rion between capes Rio Greece and Antirrio near the Rio-Antirio bridge. On the west it is bounded by a line from Oxeia island to Cape Araxos. It is 40–50 km long 10–20 km wide and has an area of 350–400 km².The Port of Patras lies to the southeast and is the only major port on the gulf.
 Gapat (Persian: گاپت‎ also Romanized as Gāpat) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Magician's Birthday is the fifth album released by British rock band Uriah Heep. The story line is based loosely on a short story written by Ken Hensley in June and July 1972.Even though it was recorded mere months after the preceding Demons and Wizards the album features a notably different sound than the band's previous albums with the aggressive hard rock toned down in favor of a cleaner appearance with more progressive elements something which had only been hinted previously.
 Firestorm is a science fiction novel by David Sherman and Dan Cragg. It is set in the 25th Century in Sherman and Cragg's StarFist saga. Firestorm more concludes the Ravenette campaign for the 34th fist and the Force Recon (introduced in Backshot and expands in Recoil two books of a three book sub series).
 Baraqu (Persian: برقرو‎ also Romanized as Baraqū; also known as Barghroo Barkarū Barqarū Barqrau and Barqrū) is a village in Negel Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 759 in 189 families.
 Boophis majori is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 God Bless The Blake Babies is the fourth full length album by the Blake Babies released in 2001 (see 2001 in music). This album was recorded during the Blake Babies brief reunion.
 Mount Hector is the highest peak in the southern Tararua Range situated in the lower North Island of New Zealand. It has a height of 1529 metres (5016 ft).The peak is named after James Hector a leading scientist in New Zealand during the 19th century.Mt Hector is the site of a memorial cross commemorating trampers killed in the Second World War.
 The Cementerio Católico San Vicente de Paul (English: Saint Vincent de Paul Catholic Cemetery) is a cemetery in the city of Ponce Puerto Rico. It is the only cemetery in Puerto Rico with a group of niches built forming a basement in which the burials occurred beneath ground level thus giving the effect of a catacomb. The cemetery is named after Vincent de Paul (24 April 1581 – 27 September 1660) the French Roman Catholic priest who dedicated his life to serving the poor.
 Samuel 'Sam' P. Krone (born in Cody Wyoming) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing District 24 since January 11 2011.
 Rosthwaite Fell is a fell in the English Lake District. It is situated some 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) due south of Keswick and 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) south of the village of Rosthwaite in Borrowdale.Rosthwaite Fell also has loose connections to the Scafell group of fells. The fells name derives from the Old Norse language and means “The peak above the clearing with a heap of stones” with “hreysi” meaning a heap of stones and “thveit” meaning a clearing.
 The Krehberg (German pronunciation: [ˈkʁeːbɛɐ̯k]) is the designation of a 576-metre (1890 ft) high mountain in the Odenwald 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) west of Lindenfels. On the Krehberg there is a transmission tower for FM TV and directional radio services consisting of a lattice tower with a guyed mast on the top.
 Sitadevi is a 1982 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
 Hloubětín tram depot (Czech: Vozovna Hloubětín) is a tram and trolleybus depot in Hloubětín that has been part of the Prague tram network since 1951. The depot celebrated fifty years in 2001.
 The Schinhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located west of the Aletschhorn in the canton of Valais. It lies between the valleys of Lötschental (north) and Oberaletsch (south).
 Écoute voir is a French film a drama-thriller directed by Hugo Santiago with a screenplay by Santiago and Claude Ollier released in 1979. It stars Catherine Deneuve Sami Frey and Anne Parillaud.
 Pseudagrilus is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Pseudagrilus alutaceus Obenberger 1924 Pseudagrilus arabicus Obenberger 1925 Pseudagrilus beryllinus (Fahraeus 1851) Pseudagrilus curtus Thery 1930 Pseudagrilus cyanimus (Fahraeus 1851) Pseudagrilus dubius Obenberger 1924 Pseudagrilus gedyei Thery 1930 Pseudagrilus hunti Thery 1941 Pseudagrilus inamaenus Thery 1930 Pseudagrilus inornatus Harold 1878 Pseudagrilus keniae Obenberger 1924 Pseudagrilus lathami Thery 1930 Pseudagrilus leonensis Kerremans 1898 Pseudagrilus melliculus (Gory 1841) Pseudagrilus paradiseus Obenberger 1924 Pseudagrilus parallelus Kerremans 1913 Pseudagrilus pauliani Descarpentries 1946 Pseudagrilus peringueyi Bellamy 1990 Pseudagrilus scintillans (Fairmaire 1903) Pseudagrilus seydeli Thery 1940 Pseudagrilus sjoestedti Kerremans 1908 Pseudagrilus sophorae (Fabricius 1793) Pseudagrilus splendidus Laporte 1835 Pseudagrilus subfasciatus Kerremans 1898 Pseudagrilus variabilis Thery 1930 Pseudagrilus wittei Thery 1948 Pseudagrilus zonatus Roth 1851↑
 Stumped is a 2003 Bollywood sport/drama film written and directed by Gaurav Pandey and produced by Raveena Tandon. This film is a debut for Raveena as producer.[citation needed] Sachin Tendulkar had a cameo appearance in the film.Despite a notable promotional campaign the film had little impact after its release.
 The Museum of Asian Art (German: Museum für Asiatische Kunst) is located in the Dahlem neighborhood of the borough of Steglitz-Zehlendorf Berlin Germany. It is one of the Berlin State Museums institutions and is funded by the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation. It houses some 20000 Asian artifacts making it one of the largest museums of ancient Asian art in the world. The museum is located in the same building as the Ethnological Museum of Berlin.
 Babalon A.D. (So Glad for the Madness) is a DVD single by Cradle of Filth.The video is an homage to Pier Paolo Pasolini's famous final film Salò or the 120 Days of Sodom based on the Marquis de Sade's novel. Babalon is not a misspelling of Babylon but refers to the Scarlet Woman Great Mother or Mother of Abominations from Aleister Crowley's mystical system (Mother of Abominations is also the name of track 13 on Cradle's Nymphetamine album).
 Peruvazhiyambalam is a Malayalam novel written by Padmarajan. In 1978 it was adapted for a feature film also called Peruvazhiyambalam directed by Padmarajan. This novel is about teenager Raman who kills Prabhakaran Pillai a local thug in self-defense. It describes his escape from the village by the help of Prabhakaran Pillai's enemies and how he comes in terms with the life at the shelter provided by them.
 Qaleh Nowruz (Persian: قلعه نوروز‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Nowrūz) is a village in Korzan Rud Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 85 families.
 1000 Convicts and a Woman (also known as Fun and Games) is a 1971 British exploitation film. The film was directed by Ray Austin and stars Alexandra Hay Sandor Elès and Harry Baird.
 Berth is a live CD/DVD by American alternative rock band The Used that was released on February 6 2007. It has since been certified gold.
 Kal Qanat-e Jahanabad (Persian: كل قنات جهان اباد‎ also Romanized as Kal Qanāt-e Jahānābād; also known as Kal Qanāt) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 9 families.
 Emamzadeh Pir Mardan (Persian: امامزاده پيرمردان‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Pīr Mardān) is a village in Torud Rural District in the Central District of Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Millers River is a 52.1-mile-long (83.8 km) river in northern Massachusetts originating in Ashburnham and joining the Connecticut River just downstream from Millers Falls Massachusetts. The river was formerly known as Paquag or Baquag a Nipmuc word meaning clear water.Sections of the river are used for whitewater kayaking and a section upriver is popular with flatwater racers (canoe racing).
 A Single Shot is a 2013 crime drama-thriller film directed by David M. Rosenthal and written by Matthew F. Jones based on his own novel of same name. The film stars Sam Rockwell William H. Macy Ted Levine Kelly Reilly and Jason Isaacs.
 The Northern Luzon Giant Cloud Rat (Phloeomys pallidus) is a large species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is only found in the northern and central part of Luzon the Philippines. It prefers forest and scrub but also occurs in degraded habitats such as plantations. It occurs from sea level to an altitude of about 2200 metres (7200 ft).
 Nohor (Persian: نهر‎) is a village in Mehranrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 45 families.
 Big Leaguer is a 1953 film. It starred Edward G. Robinson and was the first film directed by Robert Aldrich.Although this story is fiction Robinson's character in it Hans Lobert was an actual baseball player who played for five Major League Baseball teams and managed the Philadelphia Phillies.
 The El Tambo caecilian Epicrionops columbianus is a species of caecilian in the Rhinatrematidae familyendemic to Colombia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and intermittent rivers.
 Karwowo [karˈvɔvɔ] (formerly German Carow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo within Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 John C. Hieber Building is a historic commercial building located at Utica in Oneida County New York. It was built in 1893 and is a five story rectangular flat roofed red brick structure 60 feet by 100 feet with a random ashlar stone foundation. It was built as a combined sales and warehouse facility. It is current used as a children's museum known as the Children's Museum of Utica New York.It was a work of Utica architect Frederick H.
 The 45th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday of October and terms began on the first Tuesday in January. It met in Dover Delaware convening January 2 1821 two weeks before the beginning of the year of the administration of Governor John Clark.
 Only Death Is Real: An Illustrated History of Hellhammer and Early Celtic Frost 1981–1985 is a non-fiction book written by Tom Gabriel Fischer with collaboration of Martin Eric Ain published through Bazillion Points on March 30 2010. The book features an introduction by Nocturno Culto of Darkthrone and a foreword by author Joel McIver.
 Images of Organization is a bestseller book by Gareth Morgan professor of organizational behavior/industrial relations at the Schulich School of Business at York University in Toronto which attempts to unveil organization via a number of metaphors.
 The Best Yet is the first greatest hits album from alternative rock band Switchfoot released on November 4 2008.Columbia Records the band's former record label was the mastermind behind releasing the record with heavy input concerning the tracklist coming directly from the band itself. We want to make sure if it's got our name on it (that) it's a product we like lead singer Jon Foreman explained.
 Green Lantern: First Flight is a 2009 direct-to-video animated superhero film adaptation of the DC Comics Green Lantern mythology. Centering on the first mission of Hal Jordan (Christopher Meloni) the first human inducted into the Green Lantern Corps the film is written by veteran DC Comics animation collaborator Alan Burnett produced by Bruce Timm and directed by Lauren Montgomery.
 Zawady-Huta [zaˈvadɨ ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sir Andrew Stuart (June 16 1812 – June 9 1891) was a Quebec lawyer judge seigneur and businessman.He was born at Quebec City in 1812 the son of Andrew Stuart and studied at Edward Parkin's school at Chambly. He articled with his uncle Sir James Stuart 1st. Bt. and then with Henry Black was called to the bar in 1834 and set up practice at Quebec City. In 1842 he married Charlotte-Elmire the daughter of seigneur Philippe-Joseph Aubert de Gaspé.
 Nellie McClung born Nellie Letitia Mooney (20 October 1873 – 1 September 1951) was a Canadian feminist politician and social activist. She was a part of the social and moral reform movements prevalent in Western Canada in the early 1900s.
 Lewis Malone Ayer Jr. (November 21 1821 – March 8 1895) was a South Carolina politician who served as a Confederate Congressman during the American Civil War. Ayer was born near Barnwell South Carolina and educated in the common schools. He attended law school and passed his bar exam. After establishing a successful practice he served in the state legislature from 1848 until 1856.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Valusia is the seventh release and third EP by Zola Jesus released on October 15 2010 by Sacred Bones Records.
 Thomas Willis Cobb (1784 – February 1 1830) was a United States Representative and Senator from Georgia.
 Evil Eyes is a 2004 direct-to-DVD horror film produced by The Asylum directed by Mark Atkins and starring Adam Baldwin.
 I Paralyze is the 17th album by American singer-actress Cher released on May 28 1982 by Columbia Records. This album was a commercial failure and failed to chart. Following the record's release Cher took a five year hiatus from music to focus on a film career.
 Wymysłów [vɨˈmɨswuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Krośniewice 15 km (9 mi) west of Kutno and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bloodsucking Fiends: A Love Story is the third novel by Christopher Moore published in 1995. It combines elements of the supernatural and of the romance novel.
 Shorang Rang (Persian: شرانگ رنگ‎ also Romanized as Shorāng Rang; also known as Shīrang) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 25 families.
 Perspectives on Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes contributions to science studies that integrate historical philosophical and sociological perspectives. The journal contains theoretical essays case studies and review essays. Perspectives on Science was established in 1993 and is published online and in hard copy by the MIT Press.
 The Burloaia River is a tributary of the Cracău River in Romania.
 Glossogobius ankaranensis is a species of fish in the Gobiidae family. It is endemic to caves in the Ankarana Reserve in Madagascar. Its natural habitat is inland karsts.
 After is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Francis Chalifour first published in October 2005 by Tundra Books. In the book the author narrates his pain and confusion as he grieved his father's death by suicide. Judith Miller an award judge for the Edna Staebler Award called After deeply moving saying We enjoyed the lyricism of his language and his strong sense of character.
 Red Mountain Lake is located in Red Mountain Park in Mesa Arizona United States roughly between Power and Ellsworth Roads at Brown Road.
 Acrida is a genus of grasshoppers in the family Acrididae. The genus contains around 40 species which are found in Africa Europe Asia North America Hawaii and Australia. Insects of this genus are omnivorous and are a well known pest of many agricultural crops.
 Arteshabad (Persian: ارتش اباد‎ also Romanized as Arteshābād; also known as Sekmesābād) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 659 in 200 families.
 The Musée de la civilisation à Québec (Museum of Civilization) is a museum located in Quebec City. It is situated in the historic Old Québec area near the Saint Lawrence River. It was designed by architect Moshe Safdie and opened its doors to the public on 19 December 1988.The previous buildings of the Banque de Paris and the Maison Estèbe which were situated on Saint-Pierre street were integrated in the museum's structure.
 Delyth Evans born 17 March 1958 Cardiff was the Labour National Assembly for Wales member for Mid and West Wales 2000-03.
 Save the Tiger is a 1973 film about moral conflict in contemporary America. It stars Jack Lemmon Jack Gilford Laurie Heineman Thayer David Lara Parker and Liv Lindeland. The film was directed by John G. Avildsen.
 Lt. Colonel Joseph (Joe) Akahan was Chief of Army Staff (Nigeria) from May 1967 until May 1968 when he was killed in a helicopter crash during the Nigerian Civil War.
 Gymnallabes is a genus of airbreathing catfishes found in Africa. Gymnallabes species are thin and eel-like for burrowing.
 Ahvarak (Persian: اهوارك‎ also Romanized as Ahvārak and Ahūrāk) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 27 families.
 Poetry (founded as Poetry: A Magazine of Verse) published in Chicago since 1912 is one of the leading monthly poetry journals in the English-speaking world. Published by the Poetry Foundation and currently edited by Don Share the magazine has a circulation of 30000 and prints 300 poems per year out of approximately 100000 submissions. It is sometimes referred to as Poetry--Chicago.Poetry has been financed since 2003 with a $200 million bequest from Ruth Lilly.
 Salvatore Giuliano is a 1962 Italian film directed by Francesco Rosi. Shot in a neo-realist documentary non-linear style it follows the lives of those involved with the famous Sicilian bandit Salvatore Giuliano. Giuliano is mostly off-screen during the film and appears most notably as a corpse.
 Gujjar is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil. The village gets its name from the Gujjar tribe who make up the majority of the population.
 Ricky 'Rick' Duane Moye (born December 4 1956 in Beckley West Virginia) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 29 since January 12 2013. Moye served consecutively from January 2007 until January 2013 in the District 27 seat.
 The Mitchell Range is a subrange of the Hogem Ranges of the Omineca Mountains bounded by Takla Lake and the Nation River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Bruno (released as The Dress Code on DVD and VHS) is a 2000 American film starring Alex D. Linz and Shirley MacLaine. The film is the first and as of 2012 the only film ever directed by MacLaine.Distributed by New Angel Inc. Bruno premiered at the 2000 Los Angeles Film Festival in a limited theatrical release. From there the film was distributed straight to cable television and rights to it were acquired by Starz.
 Donde comienzan los pantanos is a 1952 Argentine film.
 Double Double Toil and Trouble is a 1993 Halloween children's TV movie. It stars Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen as two adventurous little girls who discover that their Great Aunt Sophia has been trapped and cursed by her evil twin sister Agatha. On the 7th year of her imprisonment Sophia will be doomed to the netherworld unless the spell is broken by the magical spell of twins.
 A Web of Air is a young adult post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Philip Reeve. The sequel to Fever Crumb it is the second book in the Mortal Engines Quartet prequel series. It was published in April 2010.
 Camp Cuddly Pines Powertool Massacre is a 2005 pornographic horror comedy film released by Wicked Pictures. The film originally released on September 14 2005 is the first adult film to be released on the HD DVD format.
 Odostomia mayii common name the May's pyramid-shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Skillings Estate House is a historic house at 37 Rangeley Road in Winchester Massachusetts. The large 2.5 story brick and wood house was built c. 1880 by David Skillings and is one of four surviving brick houses he built on his Rangeley estate. This house features irregular Queen Anne massing and is largely finished in brick although portions of the upper floors are clad in patterned shingles.
 Przyborów [pʂɨˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 49.
 Enciende Una Luz is the sixteenth album released by Christian singer Marcos Witt.
 A Very Special Christmas Live is the fourth in a series of Christmas music-themed compilation albums produced to benefit Special Olympics. The album was recorded live in Washington D.C. in December 1998 at a benefit party held by then-President Bill Clinton and First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton to celebrate the thirtieth anniversary of the founding of Special Olympics. It was released on 19 October 1999 and production was overseen by Bobby Shriver for A&M Records.
 Colin Bridges Mackay OC QC (July 26 1920 – November 27 2003) was president of the University of New Brunswick in Fredericton New Brunswick Canada from 1953 to 1969.Mackay oversaw the expansion of the university from a small college to a regional institution including a fivefold increase in enrollment and major construction of residences academic and multipurpose buildings.In 1970 he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada for his services to education.
 Alive at the Fucker Club is a live album by Melvins which was released in 1998 through Amphetamine Reptile Records. Recorded live August 23 1997 at the Corner Hotel in Richmond Melbourne Australia.
 Chinese Opium Den (also known as Opium Joint) is an 1894 American short black-and-white silent film. It is an early motion picture produced by Thomas Edison. Very little is known about this film as no print is believed to exist and all that remains is a single still image. It is believed to be the first motion picture to explore the issue of drug usage.
 Uddemarri is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Shamirpet mandal.
 First Christian Church is a historic church at S. Kentucky and W. First Street in Corbin Kentucky.It was built in 1925 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 Otan leipei i gata (Greek: Όταν λείπει η γάτα) is a 1962 Greek comedy film made by Finos Films. It was directed by Alekos Sakellarios and stars Vasilis Avlonitis Rena Vlachopoulou and Niki Linardou.
 The Boleyn Inheritance is a novel by British author Philippa Gregory which was first published in 2006. It is a direct sequel to her previous novel The Other Boleyn Girl and one of the additions to her six-part series on the Tudor royals.
 Father and Son (Russian: Отец и сын translit. Otets i syn) is a 2003 Russian drama film directed by Alexander Sokurov. It was entered into the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
 Mantrikacheppu is a 1992 Malayalam film directed by Anil Babu and written by Kaloor Dennis. The film stars Jagadish Siddique Mala Aravindan Sunitha and Suchitra in the main roles.
 Siltcoos Lake (silt’-koos) at 3164 acres (1280 ha) is the largest lake on the Oregon Coast of the United States. Fed by runoff from a basin of about 68 square miles (180 km2) in Douglas and Lane counties it is located about 7 miles (11 km) south of Florence and 0.5 miles (0.80 km) east of U.S. Route 101.
 The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined is a 2011 book by Steven Pinker arguing that violence in the world has declined both in the long run and in the short and suggests explanations to why this has occurred.The phrase the better angels of our nature stems from the last words of US president Lincoln's first inaugural address.
 The Land (Hangul: 토지; RR: Toji) is a 1974 South Korean film directed by Kim Soo-yong. It was chosen as Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards.
 Wahleach Lake commonly known as Jones Lake is a lake and reservoir located in the Skagit Range in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia Canada east of the city of Chilliwack and southwest of the town of Hope.The lake which was a resting place for Sto:lo people on their way to summer hunting grounds was expanded by an earthfill dam and is now 6.4 km long and 1 km wide.
 Oru Kanniyum Moonu Kalavaanikalum (English: A virgin and three thieves) is a 2014 Tamil fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Chimbu Deven and starring Arulnithi Bindu Madhavi Ashrita Shetty and Bagavathi Perumal. The music comprises three tracks composed by Sankaran Natarajan while S R Kathir handles the camera. The film was shot in Chennai in and around Saidapet Anna Nagar Besant Nagar and Royapuram.
 Kamana Prabhakara Rao (Telugu: కామన ప్రభాకర రావు)  is a Politician from Andhra Pradesh in India. He is contesting for Mandapeta assembly constituency represents the Indian National Congress.
 Middle Age : A Romance is a bestselling 2001 novel by Joyce Carol Oates.
 Last Date was a live Emmylou Harris album released in October 1982. Recorded at a series of honky tonks and other small venues on the west coast Harris conceived the album as a showcase for her Hot Band. It was composed mostly of country standards. Harris reached #1 on the U.S. country charts with the title single written by Floyd Cramer who originally took it to the top ten on the U.S. pop and country charts as an instrumental in 1960.
 Pseudomyoleja is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Vozmaleh (Persian: وزمله‎) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 19 families.
 Egelsee is a lake in the municipality of Bubikon in the Canton of Zurich Switzerland. Its surface area is 4.3 ha.
 In Old California is a 1942 film starring John Wayne as a Boston pharmacist who relocates to Sacramento during the Gold Rush. The movie was directed by William C. McGann.
 Annihilation Factor is the second science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley expanded from a 1964 short story (The Patch) originally published in New Worlds. It centres on the strains placed on a galactic empire by the appearance of the mysterious planet-devouring patch.
 Harry is Harry Nilsson's third album released August 1969 on RCA.
 Slumber Party Massacre II is a 1987 rock 'n roll slasher film. It was directed by Deborah Brock.It is preceded by The Slumber Party Massacre and succeeded by Slumber Party Massacre III Cheerleader Massacre and Cheerleader Massacre 2.
 Rondo 1 is an office skyscraper with a total height of 192 m located in Warsaw Poland at Rondo ONZ. The building was designed by Larry Oltmanns during his time as the Design Director for the London office of Skidmore Owings & Merrill. Epstein Architecture acted as Executive Architects. The general contractor was HOCHTIEF Poland.
 Francis Carroll Grevemberg (June 4 1914 – November 24 2008) was the superintendent of the Louisiana State Police from 1952 to 1955 best remembered for his fight against organized crime. Grevemberg was born in Biloxi Mississippi to Francis Bartholomew Frank Grevemberg and the former Onita Coulon Jumonville deVilliers members of two prominent families in South Louisiana.
 The Keystone Work Center in Medicine Bow National Forest near Albany Wyoming was built in 1941. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 for its architecture. It was designed by USDA Forest Service Region 2 in USFS rustic architecture and served as a government office. The NRHP listing included four contributing buildings on an area of 20 acres (8.1 ha).
 Ectoedemia albida is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is only known from southern Turkmenistan and northern Iran.The wingspan is about 7.4 mm. Adults are on in April and May.The hostplant is unknown but it is probably a Populus species.
 Purzand-e Olya (Persian: پورزندعليا‎ also Romanized as Pūrzand-e ‘Olyā Būrzand-e ‘Olyā and Pūrzand-e Bālā) is a village in Lavasan-e Bozorg Rural District Lavasanat District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Douglas W. Gablinske (born 1953) was an American politician who was a member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing the Democratic party for the 68th District since 2007. During the 2009-10 sessions he served on the House Committees on Finance Small Business Labor Separation of Powers and served as Chairman of the Subcommittee on Education. Gablinske was defeated in the 14 September 2010 Democratic Primary to Richard P.
 Weekly Shōnen Magazine (Japanese: 週刊少年マガジン Hepburn: Shūkan Shōnen Magajin) also known as Shōnen Magazine is a shōnen manga magazine published by Kodansha first published on 17 March 1959. Despite some unusual censorship policies (until just recently it was one of the only shōnen magazines to forbid the depiction of female nipples) it's mainly read by an older audience with a large portion of its readership falling under the male high school or college student demographic.
 The angular angel shark or spiny angel shark Squatina guggenheim is an angel shark of the family Squatinidae found off southern Brazil and Argentina at depths of between 4 and 265 m. Its length is up to 1.3 m.Reproduction is ovoviviparous with 6 to 8 pups in a litter.
 Barpak is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4556 and had 888 houses.
 The Book of Skulls is a science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg which was first published in 1972. It was nominated for the Nebula Award in 1972 and both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1973.
 He Is My Master (これが私の御主人様 Kore ga Watashi no Goshujin-sama) is a gag comedy manga which ran in Monthly Shōnen Gangan later spun off into a television anime series in the harem genre with a lolicon aspect. The manga is authored by two individuals: Mattsu (まっつー) who does the story and his ex-wife Asu Tsubaki (椿あす) who does the artwork.
 Rhinelepini is a tribe of armored suckermouth catfish family within the Hypostominae subfamily.
 Count Lajos Batthyány de Németújvár (10 February 1807 – 6 October 1849) was the first Prime Minister of Hungary. He was born in Pressburg/Pozsony (modern-day Bratislava) on 10 February 1807 and was executed by firing squad in Pest on 6 October 1849 the same day as the 13 Martyrs of Arad.
 Thomas J. Tom Murphy Jr. (born August 15 1944) is a city management consultant and was a Democratic politician from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. He served in state government in two capacities from 1979 to 1982 representing the 17th district and from 1983 to 1993 representing the 20th district. From January 1994 until January 2006 he served as mayor of Pittsburgh. Murphy is currently the senior resident fellow for urban development at the Urban Land Institute.
 Feragen is a lake in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake is located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of the municipal center of Røros. The lake flows out into the lake Håsjøen and the Håelva river. There is a canal connecting Feragen to Femunden.The village of Feragen a small village situated at the northern end of the lake about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) south of Brekken.
 Zhuangjiashan (simplified Chinese: 庄家山村; traditional Chinese: 莊家山村; pinyin: Zhuāngjiāshān Cūn) is a small village in northern Ju County of Shandong province Eastern China. In 1988 a site containing historical relics of the Shang Dynasty was discovered 50 meters to the south of the village.
 Zawadka Rymanowska [zaˈvatka rɨmaˈnɔfska] (Ukrainian: Завадка Риманівська Zavadka Rymanivs’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dukla within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Dukla 19 km (12 mi) south of Krosno and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 The Gore Range (elevation approximately 12000 ft) is a mountain range in the Rocky Mountains of north central Colorado in the United States. The range runs for approximately 60 miles (100 km) northwest-to-southeast through western Grand and Summit counties and eastern Routt and Eagle counties. They form the southern extension of the Park Range extending southward from Rabbit Ears Pass (U.S. Highway 40) to the Eagle River near Vail.
 Salvo Andò (born 13 February 1945) is an Italian academic and socialist politician who served as defense minister of Italy from 1992 to 1993.
 John Hambrick (born in 1945 in Saint Paul Minnesota) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Nevada Assembly since February 2 2009 representing District 2.
 Eulepidotis mustela is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including Mexico.
 Antheraea godmani is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found from Mexico to Colombia.
 Gunjevići is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Eleven80 is a 137 m (449 ft) tall skyscraper in Newark New Jersey. It was completed as an office building in 1930 has 35 floors and was the tallest building in Newark until 1931. It was converted into residential use in 2004 after being vacant since 1986.Eleven 80 is located in the heart of Downtown Newark just north of Four Corners across from Military Park both of which are United States historic districts.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 The Blae Loch is a small freshwater loch situated in a hollow in a low lying area beneath Blaelochhead Hill in the Parish of Beith North Ayrshire Scotland.
 Popowo-Północ [pɔˈpɔvɔ ˈpuu̯nɔt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Nasielsk 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 40 km (25 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Nick Barborak is a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives for the 5th district. Before his election he was Treasurer of Columbiana County a position he was first appointed to in 2007 after the incumbent was elected to the Ohio House of Representatives. He was subsequently elected to a full term. In November 2011 Barborak announced he would run for the House seat against incumbent Republican Craig Newbold.
 Cardanus is a lunar impact crater that is located in the western part of the Moon in the western part of the Oceanus Procellarum. Due to its location the crater appears very oval because of foreshortening and it is viewed almost from the side.Cardanus is distinctive for the chain of craters designated Catena Krafft that connect its northern rim with the crater Krafft to the north.
 The InterContinental Bucharest is a highrise five star hotel situated near University Square Bucharest in sector 1 and is also a landmark of the city. It is 77 m tall and has 25 floors containing 283 guest rooms operated by InterContinental Hotels Group.
 Cosmetics International is a beauty products trade magazine published fortnightly by Communications International Group.The magazine claims to have been in print for over 30 years.
 St. Peter's Church was a former Church of Ireland parish church located in Aungier St. in Dublin Ireland where the Dublin YMCA building now stands. It was built on land that formerly belonged to the Whitefriars in Dublin. It served the largest Church of Ireland parish in Dublin.
 Doppia coppia con Regina is a 1972 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Jablanica is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 109 people.
 Jakubowo [jakuˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Wągrowiec and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Rats: Night of Terror (Italian: Rats - Notte di terrore  also known as Blood Kill and Rats) is an Italian post-apocalyptic thriller movie directed in 1984 by Bruno Mattei and Claudio Fragasso.
 Haferbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Reivers (also known as The Yellow Winton Flyer in the UK) is a 1969 film starring Steve McQueen and directed by Mark Rydell based on the William Faulkner novel of the same name. The supporting cast includes Sharon Farrell Rupert Crosse Mitch Vogel and Burgess Meredith as the narrator.
 Ellen; or The Fanatic's Daughter' is an 1860 plantation fiction novel written by Mrs. V.G. Cowdin.
 United by Fate is the first LP released by post-hardcore band Rival Schools. The album was produced by Grammy Award-winning producer Luke Ebbin. Used for Glue saw release as a single in 2001.
 The Saint Meets the Tiger is the title of a crime thriller produced by the British unit of RKO Pictures produced in 1941 but not released until 1943. This was to be the last of the eight films in RKO's film series about The Saint.After his The Saint's Vacation (1941) Hugh Sinclair makes his second (and final) appearance as Templar in this adventure which sees Templar investigating a dead body left on his doorstep.
 Microvoluta joloensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 The Ballad of John Henry is the seventh studio album by American blues rock musician Joe Bonamassa. Produced by Kevin Shirley it was released on February 24 2009 by J&R Adventures and topped the US Billboard Top Blues Albums chart.
 Coptobasoides is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Phoroctenia is a genus of true crane fly.
 Old Town Hall is an historic town hall on 1307 Main Street in Athol Massachusetts.The hall was built in 1828 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.It was the 4th meeting house that the town had and was built for 'public worship of god forever' It was remodelled in 1847 to be used as the Town Hall and kept this use until 1921. A Womans' Club occupied the building between 1821 and 1957 and the Athol History Society since then.
 Protocucujidae is a family of beetles in the suborder Polyphaga.
 Mowtowr-e Hajji Mehrab (Persian: موتورحاجي مهراب‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Mehrāb) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 8 families.
 Hosakoti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Chapman's Bristle Tyrant (Phylloscartes chapmani) also known as Chapman's Tyrannulet is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.
 The Louder Now DVD: PartTwo is Taking Back Sunday's first live and the second installment to 2006's The Louder Now DVD: PartOne release.
 The Potârnichea River is a tributary of the Vameș River in Romania.
 The Leaside Towers are the tallest buildings in East York Toronto Canada. They are a twin set of Brutalist-style apartment towers with one facing north-south and another facing east-west. Located at 85 Thorncliffe Park Drive near Overlea they are the biggest section of the East York Skyline. Their structural height is 129 m (423 ft) and they both have 44 floors. Their construction ended in 1970.
 Mountain Lake (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Mordellistena olympica is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1965 and can be found in such countries as Bulgaria Greece Kosovo Montenegro Serbia the Republic of Macedonia and Voivodina.
 Historia is a peer-reviewed academic journal specialising in Greek and Roman Antiquity. It was established in 1952 by Karl Friedrich Stroheker and Gerold Walser. The editors-in-chief are Kai Brodersen Mortimer Chambers François Paschoud Martin Jehne and Aloys Winterling and it is published quarterly by Franz Steiner Verlag.
 The Hart of London is a 1970 experimental Canadian film directed by Jack Chambers. Stan Brakhage proclaimed it as one of the greatest films ever made.
 The Oil the Baby and the Transylvanians (Romanian: Pruncul petrolul şi ardelenii 1981) is a Romanian Red Western directed by Dan Pița.It dramatises the struggles of Romanian and Hungarian settlers in a new land the American frontier. Despite the American setting including such minor details as use of the phrase Bad-lands it was entirely shot in Romania.
 Let's Make Music is a 1941 musical starring Bob Crosby and written by Nathanael West. The songs in Let's Make Music include the classic Big Noise from Winnetka.
 The yellow-headed day gecko (Phelsuma klemmeri Seipp 1991) is a diurnal species of gecko. It is endemic to northwestern Madagascar and typically inhabits coastal rainforests dwelling on trees. The yellow-headed day gecko feeds on insects and nectar.
 Miss Mabel Rebello is a politician from Indian National Congress party and a Member of the Parliament of India representing Jharkhand in the Rajya Sabha the upper house of the Indian Parliament.
 Bulamaj (Persian: بولاماج‎ also Romanized as Būlāmāj; also known as Būlāmāch and Valāmāj) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 399 in 97 families.
 The Camiguin Hanging Parrot Loriculus (philippensis) camiguinensis is a hanging parrot endemic only on the Philippine island of Camiguin where its habitat is diminishing. The taxonomy of this population of parrots on Camiguin is uncertain.
 Sunbeam is an album by The Emotions. Sunbeam has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
 Felons and Revolutionaries is the debut album by American band Dope. The album was released in 1999 on Epic Records and has sold over 236000 copies in the United States; it was re-released on July 18 2000 with the single You Spin Me Round (Like a Record) (the band's track from the American Psycho soundtrack) as a bonus track. Pig Society Everything Sucks Sick and Debonaire were also released as singles but did not chart.
 Douglas Doug Reichley is a politician from the U.S. state of Pennsylvania; he was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 2002 representing the 134th district. He sat on the House Appropriations Consumer Affairs Health and Human Services and Professional Licensure Committees and was also a member of the House Republican Policy Committee. In 2011 he was elected Judge on the Lehigh County Court of Common Pleas.
 Ivar Onno Odwin Asjes (born 16 September 1970 in Rotterdam) is the fourth and current Prime Minister of Curaçao and the leader of the Pueblo Soberano party. He was sworn in as Prime Minister on 7 June 2013 by Acting Governor Adèle van der Pluijm-Vrede. Asjes was a member of the Estates of Curaçao (2010-2013) and its predecessor within the Netherlands Antilles the Island Council of Curaçao.
 St Paul's Church in Worthing England was opened in 1812 as the Worthing Chapel of Ease. It was built so that the residents and visitors to the newly created town of Worthing would not need to travel to the parish church of St Mary in Broadwater. As a growing resort it was felt that for the town to prosper residents and visitors would demand a local church or chapel.The Chapel of Ease gave its name to Worthing town centre's principal north-south route Chapel Road.
 Mosque Maryam (Temple #2) is a large mosque in Chicago Illinois United States and the headquarters of the Nation of Islam. It is located at 7351 South Stony Island Avenue in the South Shore neighborhood. Louis Farrakhan's headquarters are located on these premises. Originally the Greek Orthodox Church of Saints Constantine and Helen it was purchased in 1972 by Elijah Muhammad. The mosque was then repurchased by Louis Farrakhan 17 years later in 1988.
 Shir Daneh (Persian: شيردانه‎ also Romanized as Shīr Dāneh) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 11 families.
 Agnetha Fältskogs Bästa (Agnetha Fältskog's Best) is a compilation album by the Swedish pop singer and ABBA member Agnetha Fältskog. It was released in 1973 through CBS Cupol.
 The Rüchigrat (2657 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located west of Luchsingen in the canton of Glarus. It lies south of the Glärnisch on the range between the valley of the Klöntalersee and the main Linth valley.The Rüchigrat consists of a two kilometres long ridge which culminates at the summit named Bösbächistock.
 SFX is a British magazine covering the topics of science fiction and fantasy.
 Banguela oberlii is a dsungaripterid pterosaur from the Lower Cretaceous of Brazil.The Swiss collector Urs Oberli acquired a pterosaur jaw fragment from the Chapada do Araripe. In 2005 this was described by André Jacques Veldmeijer e.a. and referred to Thalassodromeus sethi. In 2006 Veldmeijer named it as a new Thalassodromeus species: Thalassodromeus oberli.
 Sar Chah-e Khoshab (Persian: سرچاه خشاب‎ also Romanized as Sar Chāh-e Khoshāb; also known as Khashāveh Khashāweh Khowshāb and Khvosh Āb) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 10 families.
 The Robber Bride is a Margaret Atwood novel first published by McClelland and Stewart in 1993. Set in present-day Toronto Ontario the novel begins with three women (Roz Charis and Tony) who meet once a month in a restaurant to share a meal.
 Kalophrynus menglienicus is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in China and possibly Burma.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes irrigated land and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
 Întotdeauna pentru totdeauna (Always Forever) is the sixth studio album by Romanian hip hop group B.U.G. Mafia. It was released on October 17 2000 by Cat Music in Romania. Recording sessions for the album took place in 2000 at the Magic Sound studios in Bucharest Romania. The album's name is an untranslatable Romanian play of words basically meaning that the group will always remain unchanged so that they can go into history thus being remembered forever. B.U.G.
 Ambassador Thomas Graham Jr. is one of the world's leading experts in nuclear non-proliferation. He is a senior U.S. diplomat involved in the negotiation of every single international arms control and non-proliferation agreement from 1970 to 1997.
 Middlesbrough Priory was a priory in Middlesbrough North Yorkshire England.
 Action is a 1921 American Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Hoot Gibson. It was based on Peter B. Kyne's popular novel The Three Godfathers. The film is considered to be lost. According to contemporaneous newspaper reports Action was based on J. Allan Dunn's novel The Mascotte of the Three Star; Mascotte appeared as the lead novel in the pulp magazine Short Stories February 1921.
 The Heart of tha Streetz Vol. 2 (I Am What I Am) is the tenth studio album by rapper B.G. released on March 21 2006 on Koch Records. The first single from the album Move Around features former Cash Money Records artist/producer Mannie Fresh. Paul Wall Webbie and the Chopper City Boyz appear on this album. The album debuted at #6 on the Billboard 200 with over 62000 copies sold in the first week released. This is B.G.'s highest to the chart.
 Hayes Plantation also known as Hayes Farm is a historic plantation near Edenton North Carolina that belonged to Samuel Johnston (1733–1816) who served as Governor of North Carolina from 1787 to 1789. Johnston became one of the state's first two United States Senators serving from 1789 until 1793 and served later as a judge until retiring in 1803. Samuel Johnston died in 1816 at the Hermitage his home near Williamston in Martin County N.C.
 Take It from Me is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Terry Gibbs featuring performances recorded in 1964 for the Impulse! label.
 Amphicyclotulus amethystinus is a species of tropical land snail with a gill and an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Neocyclotidae.
 Zarzetka [zaˈʐɛtka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Twisted Thought Generator (2000) is an electro-industrial album by Velvet Acid Christ. The album Dimension 8 was released alongside Twisted Thought Generator as a free MP3.
 Latife Uşakizâde (later Latife Uşaklıgil after the Surname Law of 1934; with the honorifics Latife Hanım) (June 17 1898 – July 12 1975) was Mustafa Kemal Pasha's (later Atatürk) wife between 1923 and 1925. She was related from her father's side to Turkish novelist Halit Ziya Uşaklıgil.She was born in 1898 in İzmir to one of the most prominent trading families of the city with roots in the city of Uşak whence their unofficial family name of Uşakizâde.
 Mehtarlu (Persian: مهترلو‎ also Romanized as Mehtarlū; also known asMehdī Yārī Mekhtiāri and Mekhtyari) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 881 in 186 families.
 Qareh Gol-e Olya (Persian: قره گل عليا‎ also Romanized as Qarah Gol-e ‘Olyā; also known as Garagūā Qareh Gol and Qareh Golūl) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 7 families.
 Malo Gradište is a village in the municipality of Malo Crniće Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 377 people.
 Shutlingsloe is a hill near the village of Wildboarclough in the east of the county of Cheshire.
 Hajarabad (Persian: هاجراباد‎ also Romanized as Hājarābād) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District in the Central District of Tehran County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 70 families.
 Maine Gandhi Ko Nahin Mara (translated as I Did Not Kill Gandhi) (2005) is an Indian film directed by Jahnu Barua and produced by Anupam Kher. The film stars Anupam Kher and Urmila Matondkar in lead roles.In the film a poem by noted Hindi poet Sr. Bachchan Himmat Karne Walon Ki Har Nahi Hoti (Those who have courage never fail) was depicted as the favorite poem of the main character
 The Groovy Sound of Music is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1964 and released on the RCA label which features jazz interpretations of tunes from the Broadway musical The Sound of Music written by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II.
 Fokstuguhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Glen Gainer redirects here. For his father who preceded him as State Auditor see Glen Gainer Jr.Glen B. Gainer III (born February 26 1960) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who has served as the 19th State Auditor of West Virginia since 1993.
 The Houston Chronicle is the largest daily newspaper in Texas United States headquartered in the Houston Chronicle Building at 801 Texas Avenue Houston. As of March 2013 it is the third-largest newspaper by Sunday circulation in the United States.
 Clanculus rarus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Urszulin [urˈʂulin] is a village in Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Urszulin. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) south-west of Włodawa and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 800.
 Thor Meets Captain America is a science fiction and Alternate History novelette by David Brin. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novelette in 1987 and also won a Locus Award in 1987 in the novelette category. The graphic novel The Life Eaters is based on the story. This story was first published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in their July 1986 issue which was titled Hitler Victorious.The title is a pun on the Marvel Comics characters Thor and Captain America.
 The Mataruna River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Spruce Knob at 4863 feet (1482 m) is the highest point in the state of West Virginia and the summit of Spruce Mountain the highest peak in the Allegheny Mountains.
 Michael William Tuffrey is a Liberal Democrat politician and former member of the London Assembly. He took his seat on 18 February 2002 replacing Louise Bloom who had resigned. He was re-elected in 2004 and 2008 leading the Liberal Democrat group and chairing various London Assembly committees. He is a member of the London Fire and Emergency Planning Authority first appointed in 2002 and serving as leader of the Liberal Democrat Group 2006 to 2008.
 Mooz-lum is a 2010 American independent film written and directed by Qasim Q Basir and starring Danny Glover. Mooz-lum (i.e. Muslim) tells the story of an African American Muslim family whose lives are changed by the September 11 attacks and their aftermath. The film was initially promoted primarily through social media before opening for its limited theatrical release on February 11 2011.
 The Marriage of William Ashe is a novel by Mary Augusta Ward that was the best-selling novel in the United States in 1905. It originally appeared in serial form in Harper's Magazine from June 1904 through May 1905 and was published in book form in March 1905. Illustrations were provided by Albert Sterner.The novel is loosely based on the lives of statesman William Lamb Melbourne and his eccentric wife Lady Caroline Lamb.
 Charles Marshallsay (1843 – November 5 1887) was an English-born Canadian politician. He served on the 1st Council of the Northwest Territories for Broadview from 1885 to 1887.Marshallsay was born at Yeovil Somerset England the son of Charles Marshallsay and received his education at Godalming Surrey. He also attended Battersea College (where he was a Queen's scholar) Saltley College and a school of art in South Kensington London.
 </pre>Ventiford Brook is a stream located in Devon England.It was used as one of the water courses that filled the Stover Canal when it was in use along with the River Teign and River Bovey. There are plans to restore the canal in which case the Ventiford Brook would probably need to be the main source of water for the canal.The brook was also used as the basis for filling Stover Lake which is located in the Stover Country Park near Bovey Tracey.
 Camper Van Beethoven Is Dead. Long Live Camper Van Beethoven is a 2000 rarities compilation album by Camper Van Beethoven released on Pitch-A-Tent Records. This album stands as the first product of the members of CVB beginning to collaborate again. The songs here are taken from a collection of old live recordings from the 1980s retooled and remixed combined with new songs unreleased demo takes and more.
 First Baptist Church (Spanish Seventh-day Adventist Church) is a historic church at 901-907 Bloomfield Street in Hoboken Hudson County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 Saint Dymphna is the self-produced fourth studio album by American experimental music band Gang Gang Dance released in 2008 by The Social Registry. It received positive reviews from critics.
 Lystrophis is the genus of tricolored South American hognose snakes.They mimic milk snakes or coral snakes with their red black and white ringed patterns.
 Zoo Lake is a popular lake and public park in Johannesburg South Africa. It is part of the Hermann Eckstein Park and is opposite the Johannesburg Zoo. The Zoo Lake consists of two dams an upper feeder dam and a larger lower dam both constructed in natural marshland watered by the Parktown Spruit.
 The Saksenaeaceae are a family of fungi in the order Mucorales.
 Aspella pyramidalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Acrobasis hemiargyralis is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Hampson in 1908. It is found in India.
 Shakaya is the first studio album by Australian girl duo Shakaya released in Australia on 18 October 2002 (see 2002 in music) by Columbia. The album has a mix genre of pop and R&B songs — written by the duo themselves and their manager/producer Reno Nicastro.The album debuted at number five on the Australian ARIA Charts and stayed in the top fifty for two weeks and in the chart for six weeks.
 Michael Edward Mike Duggan (born July 15 1958) is an American businessman and current mayor of Detroit Michigan. He was elected mayor in 2013 receiving national attention in part because he is the first white mayor of the majority-black city since Roman Gribbs' tenure in the early 1970s. He received 52% of the primary vote as a write-in candidate then 55% of the vote in the mayoral run-off in November 2013.Duggan graduated from Detroit Catholic Central High School.
 William Clarence Bill Owens Jr. (born April 2 1947) is a Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's first House district including constituents in Camden Currituck Pasquotank and Tyrrell counties. A businessman from Elizabeth City North Carolina Owens is serving in his ninth term in the state House (2011–2012 session).
 Sisters is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in February 2007. The book is Steel's seventy-first novel.
 Shaman's Crossing is a book by Robin Hobb the first in her Soldier Son Trilogy. It is written in first-person narrative from the viewpoint of Nevare Burvelle and follows his life through his first year in the King's Cavalla Academy.
 The marbled mountain catfish (Amphilius jacksonii) is a species of fish in the Amphiliidae family. It is found in Burundi Kenya Tanzania and Uganda. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 The Dark Horse Book of... was the banner title given to a series of four Dark Horse Comics one-shot hardcover comic book horror anthologies edited by Scott Allie and featuring the work of Mike Mignola and others.
 Daniel 李吉漢 is the self-titled debut album released by the winner of Malaysian Idol 2 Daniel Lee Chee Hun.
 Finally is the third album from R&B group Blackstreet. It was their last album on Interscope Records. This album featured new member Terrell Phillips after the departure of Mark Middleton. After the success of their multi-platinum last album Another Level their label allowed them more of a bigger budget for the next album. Finally was recorded at Teddy Riley's studio Future Recording Studios based in Virginia Beach Virginia.
 Chairman George is a 73-minute 2005 Canadian documentary film about the Greek Canadian musician / troubadour and statistician George Sapounidis. The documentary is directed by Daniel Cross and Mila Aung-Thwin and produced by EyeSteelFilm in association with CTV BBC's Storyville series and TV2 (Denmark).
 Aq Bolagh (Persian: آق بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Āq Bolāgh and Āqbolāgh; also known as Āl Bolākh and Āqbolāq) is a village in Saral Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 14 families.
 Blasdell is a village in Erie County New York United States. The population was 2553 according to the year 2010 census. The name is derived from Herman Blasdell the first station master of the Erie and Pennsylvania railroad depot. It is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.The Village of Blasdell lies in the northern part of the Town of Hamburg and is due south of Buffalo New York and the City of Lackawanna.
 Bukowiec [buˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Żelechlinek 21 km (13 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 43 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Lost Chord is a 1911 Australian feature length film directed by W.J. Lincoln based on the famous song The Lost Chord by Sir Arthur Sullivan.Screenings were often accompanied by a singer who would perform the song.It is now considered a lost film.
 Faber Edmond Chidarikire is the Provincial Governor and resident minister of Mashonaland West Zimbabwe. He is a member of the ZANU-PF party and an ex officio member of the Senate of Zimbabwe. He had a brother called Phillip Edmond Chidarikire who died in 2003 in a car accident.
 Texas Family Magazine is a bi-monthly American magazine published in Sugar Land Texas. It is a self-styled parenting handbook with content focused on parenting health education and fashion. Some of the notable past covers of Texas Family have included Debbie and Roger Clemens Joel and Victoria Osteen Dana Vollmer Ricardo Chavira Laura Miller and Whitney Ott.
 Baker Bridge also known as Huntingdon County Bridge No. 14 is a historic reinforced concrete closed spandrel arch bridge spanning the Great Trough Creek and located at Todd Township Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1917 and measures 114-foot-long (35 m) and has a 17-foot-wide (5.2 m) bridge deck. It has two arch spans.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Yuri Vladimirovich Andropov (Russian: Ю́рий Влади́мирович Андро́пов tr. Yuriy Vladimirovich Andropov IPA: [ˈjʉrʲɪj vlɐˈdʲimʲɪrəvʲɪtɕ ɐnˈdropəf]; 15 June [O.S. 2 June] 1914 – 9 February 1984) was a Soviet politician and the General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 12 November 1982 until his death fifteen months later.
 The Lupacul Mic River is a tributary of the Gelug River in Romania
 Himal Southasian (stylized as HIMĀL Southasian) is a quarterly magazine publishing commentary reportage criticism opinion review fiction and poetry and is based in Kathmandu Nepal. Published and distributed by not-for-profit organization The Southasia Trust funded by Norwegian embassy. Himal Southasian is an independent non-nationalist and pan-regionalist magazine offering stories for the entire region of South Asia. The editor and publisher of the magazine is Kanak Mani Dixit.
 This 2CD Box collects most of Dive's 1990-1993 output.
 Caliente Mountain is a mountain located in the Southern Coast Ranges of California. The summit at 5106 feet (1556 m) is the highest point in San Luis Obispo County and the Caliente Range. The mountain receives a little snowfall during the winter months.
 Francis Wayland (March 11 1796 – September 30 1865) American Baptist educator and economist was born in New York City New York. He was president of Brown University and pastor of the First Baptist Church in America in Providence Rhode Island. In Washington D.C. Wayland Seminary was established in 1867 primarily to educate former slaves and was named in his honor.
 Anykšta is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 13.8 kilometres and has a basin area of 144.9 km².It is a tributary of the Šventoji River.
 The Ship Who Sang (1969) is a science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey a fix-up of five stories published 1961 to 1969. By an alternate reckoning The Ship Who Sang is the earliest of the stories a novelette which became the first chapter of the book.
 Pharis (1936-1957) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who is considered one of the greatest French-bred runners of the century according to Thoroughbred Heritage. Named for the Spartan town of Pharis he was owned and bred by leading French horseman Marcel Boussac.
 The Cold Springs Station Site east of Austin Nevada is a historic stagecoach station site that was active during 1861-1869 as a passenger and freight station and later for freight. Only stone ruins remain. Nearby is the location of the original Cold Springs Pony Express Station Ruins.Also known as the Rock Creek Stage Station the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972; the listing included 120 acres (49 ha).
 Hypercompe lemairei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Skaneateles Lake (/ˌskæniˈætləs/ or local /ˌskɪniˈætləs/) is one of the Finger Lakes in central New York in the United States. The name Skaneateles means long lake in one of the local Iroquoian languages. The lake is sometimes referred to as The Roof Garden of the Lakes because its altitude (863.27 ft or 263.12 m) is higher than the other Finger Lakes.
 The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania. Its source is located at the junction of headwaters Cracul Mare and Cracul Mic
 Rakvice is a village in Břeclav District South Moravian Region Czech Republic. It has a population of 2187 (2006 est.). There are a large vineyards near the village.
 Domaniówek [dɔmaˈɲuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniów within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 The South Coast of Texas is an album by Texas singer-songwriter Guy Clark released in 1981.Guests include Ricky Skaggs Rosanne Cash and Vince Gill as well as numerous well-known session players. Skaggs would later have a hit with Heartbroke and Rodney Crowell who produced the album with She's Crazy for Leavin'.
 Qaleh Hamud (Persian: قلعه حمود‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Ḩamūd and Qal‘eh-ye Hamūd; also known as Kūt-e Ḩamīd Kūt Hamud Qal‘eh Ḩamīd and Qal‘eh-ye Ḩamīd) is a village in Jayezan Rural District Jayezan District Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1016 in 235 families.
 The Armenian Philanthropic Society of Baku or the Mardasirakan was a philanthropic organization built and operated by the Armenian community of Baku. It was established in 1863–1864 and became the first philanthropic organization in the Caucasus. In 1870 the Armenian Philanthropic Society established the first library and publication house in Baku. The library was the largest in the Caucasus.
 The Bay of Puck or Puck Bay (Polish: Zatoka Pucka; Kashubian: Pùckô Hôwinga) historically also known as the Bay of Putzig (German: Putziger Wiek) is a shallow western branch of the Bay of Gdańsk in the southern Baltic Sea off the shores of Gdańsk Pomerania Poland. It is separated from the open sea by the Hel Peninsula.The bay has an average depth of 2 m (7 ft) to 6 m (20 ft). There is a shallow sand-bank from Rewa Cape to Kuźnica in the middle of Hel Peninsula.
 The Sheffield Canal is a canal in the City of Sheffield England. It runs 3.9 miles (6.3 km) from Tinsley where it leaves the River Don to the Sheffield Canal Basin (now Victoria Quays) in the city centre passing through 11 locks.
 Norma Sue Edwards Scott known as Sue Scott (born 1954) is a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from Rogers in Benton County in northwestern Arkansas. Her District 95 which she has represented since 2013 includes part of Benton County.
 Thirteen Women (1932) is a psychological thriller film produced by David O. Selznick and directed by George Archainbaud. It starred Myrna Loy Irene Dunne Ricardo Cortez Florence Eldridge and Jill Esmond. Several characters were deleted including those played by Leon Ames Phyllis Fraser and Betty Furness (in what would have been her film debut at the age of 16).
 Panzer Digest is a wargaming periodical published by Minden Games. It is published quarterly in a digest format. The digest is edited by Gary Graber.
 The Nottingham Canal was a 23.6 kilometres (14.7 mi) long canal between Langley Mill in Derbyshire and Nottingham England. It opened in 1796 and most of it was closed in 1937. The southern section is now part of the River Trent Navigation and the northern section is a Local Nature Reserve.
 Stormbirds is the second full-length studio album by the German melodic black/gothic metal band Evereve. It is the last album to feature Tom Sedotschenko on vocals.
 Andrée Champagne PC (born July 17 1939) is a Canadian actress pianist and politician. Born in Saint-Hyacinthe Quebec Champagne was an accomplished performer and personality in her home province. In the 1960s she became well known on television playing Donalda in Claude-Henri Grignon's series Les Belles Histoires des pays d'en haut. After the series ended in 1970 she opened her own casting agency.
 John Winthrop Sears (born December 18 1930 in Boston Massachusetts) is an American lawyer historian and politician. His great great grandfather is David Sears II. He is the grandson of seven time National tennis champion Richard Dudley Sears and the first cousin once removed of Eleonora Sears. Sears is an alumnus of St.
 An Introduction to Zen Buddhism is a non-fiction book on Zen Buddhism written by Daisetz Teitaro Suzuki published in 1934 in Kyoto by the Eastern Buddhist Society. Soon published in other nations and languages with an added preface by Carl Jung the book has come to be regarded as one of the most influential books on Zen in the West.
 Frank Frantz (May 7 1872 – March 9 1941) was an American Rough Rider and politician who served as the seventh and final Governor of Oklahoma Territory (1906-7). Frantz ran on the Republican ticket to serve as the first Governor of Oklahoma. Frantz lost the election to Democrat Charles N. Haskell.
 Naruszewo [naruˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Naruszewo. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Płońsk and 56 km (35 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Glass Soup is a surreal fiction novel written by the American writer Jonathan Carroll first published in 2006. It tells the story of a group of people who live in Vienna. They find out that they are caught in a battle of Gods and Chaos. This fiction consists many elements of Judeo-Christian mythology and popular culture mythos. It is a blend of real and unreal living and dead and good and evil.
 Hemsberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Königsheide in the Fichtelgebirge Mountains is a high forested ridge made of gneiss-phyllite rock to the southwest of the Ochsenkopf mountain. It is bordered to the east and south by the river of the Warme Steinach and to the west by the Franconian Line.
 Noble Causes is an American comic book series created and written by Jay Faerber illustrated by a variety of artists (the current artist being Yıldıray Çınar) and published by Image Comics.The series follows the lives of the Nobles a wealthy superhero family in the Image Universe. The stories focus less on the Nobles fighting supervillains and more on their personal lives. Originally intended to be an ongoing title it was downgraded into a series of miniseries and one-shots.
 The Pârâul Morii is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 Education Citizenship and Social Justice is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers three times a year in the field of Education. The journal's editors are Professor Peter Clough (University of Chester) Alan Dyson (University of Manchester) Tony Gallagher (Queens University Belfast) and Laurie Johnson (Hofstra University). It has been in publication since 2006 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Cavalli si nasce is a 1988 Italian comedy film written and directed by cartoonist Sergio Staino. The film won the Silver Ribbon for Best Score.
 Victorian America is the second album by Emily Jane White released on October 9 2009 in France by Talitres Records and on April 27 2010 in the U.S. by Milan Records.
 iSouljaBoyTellem is the second studio album by American rapper Soulja Boy. It was released on December 16 2008 on SOD Entertainment Collipark Music and Interscope Records. The album debuted at number forty-three on the US Billboard 200 chart selling 46000 copies in its first week of sales. The album received mixed to negative reviews upon release.
 William M. (Bill) Gardner (born October 26 1948) is the current Secretary of State of New Hampshire. He is in charge of the department that oversees all general elections primary elections voter registration and recounts within the state including the New Hampshire primary.
 County House Mountain is a mountain in Warren County New Jersey. The main peak rises to 1142 feet (348 m) and is located in Mansfield Township. County House Mountain is separated from Oxford Mountain to the southwest at Sykes Gap and is itself bifurcated at Stewart Gap; it forms a part of the divide between Pohatcong Creek and the Pequest River. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Appalachian Mountains.
 Wrath of the Titans is a 2012 Spanish-American Adventure-fantasy film and sequel to the 2010 film Clash of the Titans. The film stars Sam Worthington Rosamund Pike Bill Nighy Édgar Ramírez Toby Kebbell Danny Huston Ralph Fiennes and Liam Neeson with Jonathan Liebesman directing a screenplay by Dan Mazeau and David Leslie Johnson.
 Flight Tribe (Chinese: 飛行部落) is Taiwanese Mandopop band F.I.R.'s third Mandarin studio album. It was released on 28 July 2006 by Warner Music Taiwan. It features a collaboration with the American country music singer and Grammy Award winner LeAnn Rimes.
 The ornate shrew Sorex ornatus is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is endemic to Baja California in Mexico and California in the United States. The tule shrew is a likely extinct subspecies; it is only known by four specimens collected in 1905. Other subspecies include the Suisun ornate shrew Sorex ornatus sinuosus.
 Hitak (Persian: هيتك‎ also Romanized as Hītak; also known as Hītak-e Kolā Kantak) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 496 in 102 families.
 Lirab (Persian: ليراب‎ also Romanized as Līrāb; also known as Tang-i-Līrab) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 575 in 100 families.
 The Tucson Citizen was a daily newspaper in Tucson Arizona. It was founded by Richard C. McCormick with John Wasson as publisher and editor on October 15 1870 as the Arizona Citizen.When it ceased printing on May 16 2009 the daily circulation was approximately 17000 down from a high of 60000 in the 1960s.
 The Japan Coast Guard Museum is a museum dedicated to the Japanese Coast Guard in Kure Hiroshima Prefecture Japan.
 Derby Road Particular Baptist Church was a former Baptist Church in Nottingham from 1850 to 1967.
 Pollyanna is a 1920 American melodrama/comedy film starring Mary Pickford directed by Paul Powell and based upon an Eleanor H. Porter novel. It was Pickford's first motion picture for United Artists. It became a major success and would be regarded as one of Pickford's most defining pictures. The film grossed $1.1 million (the equivalent of more than $10 million in 2008).
 Loket is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Skulduggery Pleasant: Kingdom of the Wicked is the 7th book in the Skulduggery Pleasant book series. Originally planned to be released on 30 August 2012 in all major markets it was released in Australia and New Zealand on 24 July 2012 due to Derek Landy's Down Under Tour which took place in August. The book was then released on the 30 August for the UK and Ireland.
 Orthogonius picilabris is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by W.S.Macleay in 1825.
 Sabz Gaz-e Olya (Persian: سبزگزعليا‎ also Romanized as Sabz Gaz-e ‘Olyā; also known as Sabs Gaz-e Bālā and Sabz Gaz-e Mīānī) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 41 families.
 The Next Witness is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published as The Last Witness in the May 1955 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Three Witnesses published by the Viking Press in 1956.
 Far Out Isn't Far Enough: The Tomi Ungerer Story (French: L'esprit Frappeur) is a 2012 documentary film by American director Brad Bernstein. The documentary details the life and times of renegade children's book author and illustrator Tomi Ungerer. Far Out had its North American premiere at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Klasak Duży [ˈklasak ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skomlin within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Skomlin 16 km (10 mi) west of Wieluń and 102 km (63 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Orthetrum robustum is a freshwater dragonfly species which occurs in Botswana Namibia South Africa and Zambia. The common name for this species is Robust Skimmer. It breeds inreedy swamps and woodland close to such swamps.
 Spadework is a novel by Canadian writer Timothy Findley set in the theater world of Stratford Ontario. It was first published in Canada by HarperCollins Publishers in 2001.
 2012: Kurse a di Xtabai (Curse of the Xtabai) is an 80 minute Creole-language supernatural thriller and the first major feature length dramatic movie to be entirely made in Belize. It was directed by Matthiew Klinck and selected as the opening night movie of the 2012 Belize International Film Festival. It was then taken on a national tour around the country and projected for audiences on an inflatable screen.
 Veeranakavu is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Musketasonan Lake is a lake in the Hayes River drainage basin in Census Division No. 22 - Thompson-North Central Northern Region Manitoba Canada. The lake is about 4.5 kilometres (2.8 mi) long and 1.6 kilometres (1.0 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 249 metres (817 ft). It is the source of the Bolton River whose waters eventually flow into Gods Lake and via the Gods River and the Hayes River into Hudson Bay.
 More Power! is an album by saxophonist Dexter Gordon which was recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label.
 Palace of Dreams is a 1985 Australian mini series about a hotel in working class inner city.
 In a Space Outta Sound is an album by Nightmares on Wax released on 7 March 2006 (see 2006 in music).
 Michael Mike O’Mara is an American journeyman pipefitter international representative of the United Association of Plumbers Pipefitters and Sprinklerfitters and Democratic member of the St. Louis County Council. He has represented the sixth district since 2001.
 Andrew Philps (April 7 1857 – October 4 1929) was a Canadian politician.Born in Saginaw Michigan Philps was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Huntingdon in a 1913 by-election. A Liberal he was re-elected in 1916 and acclaimed in 1919. He was re-elected in 1923 and 1927.
 Arlene G. Julé (born March 18 1946) is a Canadian politician who represented the electoral district of Humboldt in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1995 to 2003. First elected as a member of the Saskatchewan Liberal Party she joined the new Saskatchewan Party caucus in 1997.She was born in Saskatoon Saskatchewan and was educated in Bruno. She worked on a mixed farm with her husband Robert and was a teacher associate for special needs children before entering politics.
 Papilio gigon is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found from Indonesia to the Philippines.The wingspan is 120–130 mm.The larvae feed on Citrus species and Euodia latifolia Euodia roxburghiana and Glycosmis pentaphylla.
 Clayton R.
 The Port de Lers (or Port de l'Hers or Port de Massat 1517 m.) is a high mountain pass in the French Pyrenees in the department of Ariège between the communities of Aulus-les-Bains (west) Massat (north) and Vicdessos (east).
 Arnhim Ulric Eustace is a Vincentian politician and economist who was the third Prime Minister of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and is the current leader of the New Democratic Party (NDP).Eustace is currently the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of East Kingstown and the Leader of the Opposition in the House of Assembly of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.On 27 October 2000 Eustace succeeded James Fitz-Allen Mitchell as the leader of the NDP.
 Cheshmeh Sard (Persian: چشمه سرد‎) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 37 families.
 Austrotrophon catalinensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Roots is an album by blues guitarist and singer Johnny Winter. His first studio album in seven years it was released by Megaforce Records on September 27 2011.On Roots Winter and his band perform eleven blues standards. Each song features a different guest performer. These featured musical artists include Warren Haynes Derek Trucks John Popper Vince Gill and Johnny's brother Edgar Winter.
 Lake Julius was formed following the construction of Julius Dam in 1976 for irrigation and town water storage. The dam wall is located just below the junction of the Leichhardt River and Paroo Creek some 70 kilometres (43 mi) North East of Mount Isa.
 Thorax is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal specialising in both clinical and experimental research articles on respiratory medicine as well as paediatrics immunology pharmacology pathology and surgery. It was established in 1946 and is published by the BMJ Group on behalf of the British Thoracic Society. The journal is available online by subscription and archived editions of the journal are available free of charge after 1 year.
 Shiona Baird born 14 September 1946 in Hereford England is a Green politician and former Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) and co-convener of the Scottish Green Party.Before election as an MSP in 2003 for the North East Scotland region she worked on her family farm near Dundee. She is a graduate of the University of Edinburgh.
 Kakani is a settlement in the Nuwakot District of the Bagmati Zone in central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the Kakani village development committee administered a population of 7816 living in 1343 individual households.As one of the most accessible settlements from Kathmandu over 2000 meters this hill station hosts a British Gurkhas welfare bungalow (photo at left) and a number of hotels.
 Paradigm Shift is an album by various artists and recorded under the Nettwerk and Subconscious Communications record labels. It is Subconscious Communications' tenth release. The album also contains unreleased tracks that artist Dwayne Goettel never lived to see produced.
 The Chinese Gold Murders is a gong'an historical mystery novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.The book includes a map of the fictional town of Peng-lai.
 Stephanie Kulp Seymour (born October 16 1940 in Battle Creek Michigan) is a Judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.
 Arthrolycosa (meaning wolf [spider] with joints) is an extinct genus of spiders that lived about 300-250 million years ago. Fossils have been found Mazon Creek USA and in the Kirov Oblast region of Russia which consisted of a single carapace. The carapace is about as wide as it is long.Arthrolycosa is estimated to have grown to a length of 2 inches (5 centimeters) and may have preyed upon insects and other smaller animals that lived alongside it.
 Selfcaged is an EP by Swedish metal band Meshuggah. It was released in 1995 through Nuclear Blast.The album art created by artist Alex Grey features the centerpiece of his work Deities and Demons Drinking from the Milky Pool.
 The Heist is a 1989 HBO made-for-TV movie starring Pierce Brosnan.
 St Beuno's Church Trefdraeth is the medieval parish church of Trefdraeth a hamlet in Anglesey north Wales. Although one 19th-century historian recorded that the first church on this location was reportedly established in about 616 no part of any 7th-century structure survives; the oldest parts of the present building date are from the 13th century.
 Mir Samir also called Mir Simir or Simirdar is a mountain in the Hindu Kush in Afghanistan. It was first climbed in 1959 despite a local tradition that it was unclimbable. The English traveller Eric Newby and the diplomat Hugh Carless attempted to climb Mir Samir in 1956 as described in the humorous book A Short Walk in the Hindu Kush.
 Loxophlebia splendens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Möschler in 1872. It is found in French Guiana.
 For Example This is a Love Song (たとえばこんなラヴ・ソング Tatoeba Konna Rabu Songu) is a shōnen manga by Taku Kitazaki. The manga originally ran in Shōnen Sunday 1990 volume 28 through 1991 volume 50 in Japan.
 Edmund Bernard FitzAlan-Howard 1st Viscount FitzAlan of Derwent KG PC (1 June 1855 – 18 May 1947) known as Lord Edmund Talbot between 1876 and 1921 was a British Conservative politician and the last Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
 For the H. P. Lovecraft story see The Lurking FearLurking Fear is the eighth album from progressive/thrash metal band Mekong Delta released in August 2007.
 Bald Mountain is a prominent peak in Lackawanna County which stands above the Wilkes-Barre and Scranton area and the Wyoming Valley. On the summit is an outcrop of Catskill conglomerate (Devonian age) known as the Pinnacle Rock. From the summit you may view the northernmost extension of the geologic province known as the Glaciated Low Plateaus section. The mountain itself is in the Ridge and Valley Appalachians.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 The Barbados threadsnake (Leptotyphlops carlae) is a species of blind threadsnake. It is the smallest snake species currently known to exist. This member of the Leptotyphlopidae family is endemic to the Caribbean island of Barbados.The snake was first described and identified as a separate species in 2008 by S. Blair Hedges a biologist from Pennsylvania State University.
 Nilamani Routray (Oriya: ନୀଳମଣି ରାଉତରାୟ) (24 May 1920 – 4 October 2004) was an Indian politician and the Chief Minister of Odisha from 1977 to 1980. He served as the Health and Family Welfare Minister and then Forest and Environment Minister in the Union Government led by V.P. Singh. He died on October 4 2004.
 Keregodu is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Mandya taluk of Mandya district in Karnataka.
 The Flat (Hebrew: הדירה) is a 2011 Israeli feature documentary film written and directed by Arnon Goldfinger. It was theatrically released in Israel in September 2011. It played continuously for thirteen months and has received good reviews. Time Out Tel Aviv chose to place the film at the top of its recommended films for 49 weeks under the headline: “not to be missed” and chose it as one of the 25 most important art works from around the world for 2011.
 In Spite of Ourselves is an album of duets between John Prine and various well-known female folk and alt-country vocalists released in 1999.The album was Prine’s first release since successfully battling throat cancer. The female duet partners include Iris DeMent Connie Smith Lucinda Williams Melba Montgomery Emmylou Harris Trisha Yearwood Delores Keane Patty Loveless and his wife Fiona Prine.
 The Caribbean Armyworm Moth (Spodoptera pulchella) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Florida and Texas Central America the Greater Antilles and the Bahamas.The wingspan is about 35 mm. Adults have a distinctive curved white line along the posterior margin of the forewing.
 Rising Sun is a reggae album by Augustus Pablo originally released in 1986 on Greensleeves.It features Sly Dunbar on drums Earl Chinna Smith on guitar and Dean Frazer on saxophone. Pablo produced the album and played melodica piano organ and synthesizer.The songs were both recorded at Channel One Dynamic Sounds and Tuff Gong in Kingston Jamaica as well as at HC & F in New York.The album features Phillip Smart and Scientist as engineers.
 50th Anniversary Concert in Japan (Japanese title 渡米50周年記念日本公演 = American visit 50th anniversary commemorative Japanese performance) is a live concert album recorded by jazz pianist Toshiko Akiyoshi and released in Japan on the T-toc Record label. The concert commemorated 50 years since Akiyoshi left Japan to study and play jazz in the USA and the album received several Japanese music awards including a special award for Japanese Jazz from Swing Journal magazine.
 Samuel Pasco (June 28 1834 – March 13 1917) was a United States Senator from Florida.Pasco was born in London England to a family of Cornish ancestry. His family moved to Prince Edward Island in 1841 before moving to the United States in 1843 and settling in Charlestown Massachusetts. Pasco attended Harvard University and then moved to Florida in 1859.
 The Iezerul River is a tributary of the Bătrâna River in Romania.
 It's Time is an EP by Imagine Dragons released on March 12 2011. It was recorded inside of Studio X at the Palms Hotel and Casino during the autumn of 2010. All songs were written by Imagine Dragons. All songs were mixed by Grammy nominated engineer Mark Needham.To promote the album the band toured with The Parlotones and performed at Bergenfest 2011 SSMF 2011 and Bite of Las Vegas 2011. Track America was also promoted via AOL Jobs.
 Viren J. Shah (May 12 1926 - March 9 2013) was an Indian politician and one-time Governor of the Indian State of West Bengal.Shah was a member of Lok Sabha from 1967 to 1970 and of Rajya Sabha during 1975 -1981 and 1990-1996. He had served as Treasurer of the Bharatiya Janata Party.Shah was chairman emeritus of Mukand Steel a steel and engineering company in Mumbai where he held the position of managing director for 27 years from 1972 to 1999.
 Pelicans London Zoological Gardens (French: Pélicans Jardin zoologique Londres) is a 1896 French short black-and-white silent actuality film produced by Auguste and Louis Lumière and directed by Alexandre Promio featuring pelicans following their keeper around their enclosure at London Zoological Gardens. The film was part of a series including Lion and Pelicans which were one of the earliest examples of animal life on film.
 Idiosepius picteti is a species of bobtail squid native to the Indo-Pacific waters off eastern Indonesia.I. picteti grows to 17 mm in mantle length.The type specimen was collected near Ambon Island in Indonesia and is deposited at the Muséum d'Histoire Naturelle in Geneva.
 The International Journal of Computational Methods has been published by World Scientific since 2004. It covers modern computational methods such as interpolations and approximation techniques and real-time computation. It aims for interdisciplinary coverage of real-life applications whether in theoretical simulated forms or actual programming.The current Chief Editors are G.R. Liu R.C. Batra G. Yagawa E. Oñate and Z.H. Zhong.
 The Roslyn East Gate Toll House is located within the Roslyn Cemetery on Route 25A (Northern Boulevard) in Greenvale in the Town of North Hempstead Nassau County New York It was built in 1864 and is the last remaining toll house for the North Hempstead Turnpike.
 Thomas Lee Halkowski (born 1962) is a Delaware attorney in private practice and is a nominee for Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims.
 Edward Ludlow Wetmore (March 24 1841 – January 19 1922) was a Canadian judge and politician. Born in Fredericton New Brunswick the son of Charles Peters Wetmore and Sarah Burr Ketchum he received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of New Brunswick in 1859. He was called to the New Brunswick bar in 1864. From 1874 to 1876 he was the mayor of Fredericton. He was elected to Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick and was Leader of the Opposition from 1883 to 1886.
 Different for Girls Leslie Mills' debut album was released in 2003 on Atlantic Records. The song Good Life was included on the soundtrack for the film What A Girl Wants.
 The Blue Bunting (Cyanocompsa parellina) is a species of passerine bird found in northern Central America. Measuring 5.5 inches (14 cm) in length with a wingspan of 8.5 inches (22 cm) it is one of the smaller members of its genus. Like most buntings the Blue Bunting is sexually dimorphic. The male has a dark blue body with brighter blue highlights on the supercilium forecrown malar region rump and lesser wing coverts. The female is an unstreaked warm brown slightly paler below.
 The Sarvant Glacier is a glacier located on the northern slopes of the Cowlitz Chimneys in Washington. Named for Henry M. Sarvant who mapped Mount Rainier in 1894 the glacier starts at an elevation of about 7000 feet (2100 m) and descends northward down to 6100 ft (1900 m). There are several patches of permanent ice and snow that lie to the east and west of the glacier. These range in elevation from about 7000 ft (2100 m) to 5700 ft (1700 m).
 Jastrzębie [jasˈtʂɛmbjɛ] (German Nassadel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Namysłów and 41 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Lisinski is a 1944 film directed by Oktavijan Miletić about the life of Croatian composer Vatroslav Lisinski. Music for the film was recorded by Boris Papandopulo.A restored copy of the film was released in 2009. Jutarnji List declared the movie the best Croatian release of the year.
 Biscuits for Breakfast is the second album from British musician Fin Greenall and collectively as Fink the band's debut album. It was released on the 24th of April 2006.
 The Napf is a mountain on the border between the Swiss cantons of Berne and Lucerne. With an altitude of 1408 meters it is the summit of the Napfgebiet (Napf region) north of the Bernese Alps. The peak is surrounded by steep hills that are a patchwork of evergreen forests and small mountain farms. Nearby towns include Romoos Doppleschwand Michlischwand Luthern and Menzberg.
 Abaciscus shaneae is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was described by Holloway in 1993. It is known from Borneo.The wingspan is about 17 mm.
 Brachymenes is a small neotropical genus of potter wasps currently containing two species the primarily Andean species B. wagnerianus and the lowland species B. dyscherus.The first wasp of this species was collected by the German natural scientist Moritz Wagner (born at Bayreuth Bavaria on 3 October 1813) during his expedition from Panama over Colombia to Ecuador between 1858 and 1859.
 Gönnerbach is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Lena N. Gale Cabin in a development near Lake Tahoe at 726 Cedar St. in Zephyr Cove Nevada is a historic building built in 1940. Also known as Good Medicine Cabin it is an example of Rustic architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.It was deemed significant for its architecture.
 Crown of Thorns is the solo debut album from American rapper Rakaa of the Dilated Peoples crew. It was released on Decon in 2010.
 Franklin Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 45 Church Street in Franklin North Carolina United States.It was built in 1856 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. Restoration including construction of new interior walls and updated electrical wiring was undertaken in 1993.
 Philip R. Ramos (born April 6 1956 in Bronx New York) is an American politician representing the 6th Assembly District of the New York State Assembly which includes portions of the hamlets of Brentwood Central Islip Bay Shore North Bay Shore Islip and Islandia.Ramos is the son of a correction officer and a registered nurse. His family was one of the first Hispanic families to move to Brentwood in 1957 and has lived in the community for the past 50 years raising his two children.
 Stramnice [stramˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Au grand balcon is a 1949 French drama film directed by Henri Decoin. It was entered into the 1949 Cannes Film Festival.
 Kandisha is a 2008 Moroccan horror film directed by Jerome Cohen-Olivar starring Amira Casar David Carradine Hiamm Abbass Michael Cohen Saïd Taghmaoui Mourad Zaoui and Assaad Bouab.
 Familiar Grounds (French: En terrains connus) is a 2011 Canadian drama film directed by Stéphane Lafleur.
 Mount Lawrence Grassi is a mountain located immediately south of the town of Canmore just east of the Spray Lakes road in Alberta's Canadian Rockies. The mountain sports two subsidiary peaks: Ha Ling Peak on the northwestern end and the Ship's Prow on the southeastern side. The mountain is separated from Mount Rundle by Whiteman's Gap.The mountain is named for Lawrence Grassi (1890–1980) an Italian miner who emigrated to Canada in 1912.
 Dream of Ding Village (Chinese: 丁庄梦 Ding zhuang meng) is a 2006 novel by the Chinese writer Yan Lianke. The 2011 English translation by Cindy Carter published in the UK by Grove Press was shortlisted for the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize.It is a story based on the blood sales in rural Henan province that sparked a major AIDS crisis in China. After the first edition sold out it was banned -- no more copies can be printed in China.
 EnlightenNext (formerly known as What Is Enlightenment? or WIE for short) was an international magazine devoted to philosophy culture and the growing integral movement published quarterly by EnlightenNext a nonprofit organization.
 Se los chupó la bruja (The Witch Suckled Them) is a 1958 Mexican horror comedy film directed by Jaime Salvador and starring the double act Viruta y Capulina (Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine) Sonia Furió and Octávio Arias.
 The Bank of Florence was an early wildcat bank located at 8502 North 30th Street in Florence Nebraska Territory. After originally opening in the 1850s it closed and reopened in 1904. Today the building that housed the bank is the Bank of Florence Museum. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is the oldest building in Omaha Nebraska.
 Benjamin (Ben) Erdreich (born December 9 1938) is a former United States congressman from Alabama.
 The Sucker (French: Le Corniaud French pronunciation: ​[lə kɔʁˈnjo]) is a French Italian and Spanish comedy film by Gérard Oury starring Louis de Funès and Bourvil. It was released in 1965. As of 2013 it is still one of the 20 highest-grossing films in France along with La Grande Vadrouille another Oury-de Funès-Bourvil collaboration.The film was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival where the actor Bourvil won a Special Diploma.
 The Phantom Carriage (Swedish: Körkarlen) is a 1921 Swedish film generally considered to be one of the central works in the history of Swedish cinema. Released on New Year's Day 1921 it was directed by and starred Victor Sjöström alongside Hilda Borgström Tore Svennberg and Astrid Holm.
 Pseudaphelia is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Dillard Barn is a historic tobacco curing barn located near Mullins Marion County South Carolina. It was built about 1894-1895 and is a log barn supported by a brick foundation with a dirt floor. It was constructed in a single pen plan and the logs are saddle notched with a chinking of brick and clay.
 The Northern Advocate is the regional daily paper for the city of Whangarei and the Northland Region.
 Eyes of the Mind is the fifth album by Casiopea released in 1981. The album was recorded in Los Angeles.
 Bajo el mismo cielo is a 2008 Spanish film.
 David Brookman Smith (born December 4 1951 in Altoona Pennsylvania) known professionally as D. Brooks Smith is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. He was previously Chief Judge on the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania.
 Jim Durkin is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 82nd District since 2006 when he was sworn in to replace Eileen Lyons after she retired mid-term. He was elected on November 8 2006 defeating Democrat Kim Savage. Durkin previously represented the 44th District from 1995 to 2002. In August 2013 he was elected the Minority Leader of the Illinois House of Representatives.
 Prayer for the Weekend was released on April 11 2007 and is the fourth album of the Swedish rock band The Ark.
 The Darfsteller is a 1955 novelette by Walter M. Miller Jr. which won the first Hugo Award for Best Novelette.It is the 21st century story of an old stage actor who has become a theater janitor in order to remain near show biz. The theater has been overtaken by robot actors made to look like humans which act out plays under the direction of each venue's central computer.
 Seul au Piano also referred to as Pierre Lapointe Seul au Piano (French: Pierre Lapointe seul au piano) is an album by Canadian singer Pierre Lapointe recorded in November 2010 and released in January 2011. The album reached a peak position of number two on Billboard's Top Canadian Albums chart.
 The Izvorul Popii River is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania.
 Billington Sea (also Billington's Sea) is a 269-acre (1.09 km2) warm water pond located in Plymouth Massachusetts. Morton Park lies on the pond's northern shore. The pond is fed by groundwater and cranberry bog outlets. The average depth is seven feet and the maximum depth is 11 feet (3.4 m). The pond provides the headwaters to Town Brook.
 The viscacha rat (Octomys mimax) or mountain viscacha rat is a species of rodent in the family Octodontidae. It is endemic to Chile[citation needed] and Argentina.It is the only living species within the genus Octomys. This diploid genus (2n = 56) may be ancestral to the two unusual tetraploid species Tympanoctomys barrerae and Pipanacoctomys aureus.
 Edward Young Parsons (December 12 1842 - July 8 1876) was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky.Born in Middletown Kentucky Parsons attended the public schools at Louisville Kentucky until age 12. He studied one year in the St. Louis High School. He returned to Louisville and graduated from the municipal university in 1861 where he taught school for three years.
 You're Nothing is the second studio album by the Danish punk band Iceage. The album was released through Matador Records on February 19 2013. Like its predecessor New Brigade the album was met with critical acclaim.[citation needed]
 Antony Henry Head 1st Viscount Head GCMG CBE MC PC (19 December 1906 – 29 March 1983) was a British soldier Conservative politician and diplomat.
 Sphaerodactylus parvus is a gecko endemic to the Anguilla Bank of islands in the Lesser Antilles which comprises Anguilla Saint Martin and Saint Barthélemy. It was elevated to species level in 2001 formerly described as a subspecies of S. macrolepis.Both sexes can reach a size of around 35 mm. The dorsal surface in males is tan to brown and may be without markings or have a salt and pepper pattern of scattered dark scales.
 Chionea is a genus of wingless limoniid crane flies. It consists of two subgenera the holarctic Chionea and palaearctic Sphaeconophilus. About 40 species are currently recognized in the northern hemisphere but there are probably several undescribed species. They are commonly called snow flies.
 Burg Thalberg is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Wanted – A Master is a 1936 American short film directed by Arthur J. Ornitz and Gunther von Fritsch. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1936 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 Penshaw Monument (/ˈpɛnʃə/) officially The Earl of Durham's Monument is a folly built in 1844 on Penshaw Hill between the districts of Washington and Houghton-le-Spring within the City of Sunderland North East England. It is dedicated to John Lambton (1792–1840) 1st Earl of Durham and the first Governor of the Province of Canada.
 Uranophora chalybea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Cuba and Jamaica.Adults are brilliant metallic blue.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 6 families.
 Chris Norby (born December 3 1949) was a Republican California State Assemblyman representing portions of North Orange County California. Prior to his election to the Assembly Norby served as an Orange County Supervisor Mayor of Fullerton Fullerton City Councilman and history teacher at Brea Olinda High School.
 Sidra [ˈɕidra] is a village in Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sidra. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of Sokółka and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 730.
 The Lakeshore Press is an edition of The Grapid Rapids Press which competes with The Holland Sentinel in southwestern Ottawa County Michigan primarily in Holland Michigan.It has been published since the mid-1980s when it was known as The Grand Rapids Press-Lakeshore Edition.Originally a separately inserted section published six days a week (Saturdays were excluded). The stories now run in the main sections of the Press with a supplemental section on Sundays.
 Liverus Hull (September 14 1822 – May 2 1894) was a Massachusetts businessman and politician who served as a member of the Boards of Aldermen of Charlestown and Boston and as the ninth mayor of Charlestown Massachusetts.
 Justice Namasivayam Nadarajah was a Ceylon Tamil lawyer and judge of the Supreme Court of Ceylon.
 On the Road is the eighth album released by American comedian George Carlin. It was recorded on October 3 1976 at the Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles California and released in April 1977.
 Get Ready to Be Boyzvoiced is a 2000 Norwegian mockumentary about a fictional boy band called Boyzvoice. Outside Norway it has been screened multiple times on Australian television channel SBS.
 Bisankhunarayan is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3867 in 707 individual households. Bishankhunarayan is historic place because of popular hindu god Bishnu temple called Bishankhu narayan. Narayan means God Bishnu. In the temple there's a small cave too. In kathmandu vallye four temple called (narayan temple). 1. Bishankhu narayan 2. Shes narayan 3. Budhalinkantha Narayan 4.
 Predvestnik (Forerunner) was a Russian language newspaper published in the Pioneer Valley Massachusetts. Founded in 2004 it ceased publication in 2008.Predvestnik covered a wide variety of local and world news and published articles on Christianity. It appeared monthly with a circulation of about 4000 and was printed in a full color broadsheet format. The newspaper was delivered free to the public.
 Skibet er ladet med is a 1960 Danish comedy film directed by Peer Guldbrandsen and starring Kjeld Petersen.
 Friday the Rabbi Slept Late is a mystery novel written by Harry Kemelman in 1964 the first of the successful Rabbi Small series.
 Eleutherodactylus pycnodermis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Onsdagsväninnan is a 1946 Swedish film directed by Sture Lagerwall and Alice O'Fredericks.The film was based on the play Peter den store by Paul Sarauw which premiered in 1930 at Det Ny Theater. In 1943 the play was filmed in a Danish version as Hans onsdagsveninde also directed by O'Fredericks.
 Beware of Those is the fifth album released by Mac Mall and the eighth album released by JT the Bigga Figga. It was released on June 27 2000 by Get Low Recordz and featured production from Mac Mall and JT the Bigga Figga.
 Pieces of You is a work of fiction published by Daniel Armand Lee also known as Tablo leader of South Korean rap group Epik High. The book was first published in Korean on November 7 2008 and was later published in English on February 10 2009.
 BrainBanx is a six-issue comic book limited series published in 1997 as part of the short-lived DC Comics imprint Helix. Written by Elaine Lee and featuring artwork by Jason Temujin Minor the title narrates the tale of the red-headed Anna Elysian a telepathic intelligence operative working undercover in a distant future world.
 Long Lake is a lake in eastern Ontario Canada in the municipality of Tay Valley in Lanark County. The lake is nearly 3 km long and about 600m wide at its widest. Long Lake is fed by a number of small tributaries leading to intermittent lakes. It is drained by an unnamed creek leading to Adams Lake. Long Lake has five islands the largest being Farry Island. The lake has a number of cottages lining the northern and southeastern shores.
 Ajit Singh Kohar is an Indian politician and a member of Shiromani Akali Dal. He is the Minister of Transport Legal & Legislative Affairs and Elections in the current Punjab Government.
 St Barnabas' Church Darwen is in Watery Street Darwen Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Blackburn with Darwen the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with that of St Mary Grimehills.The church was built in 1884 as a mission church and designed by the Lancaster partnership of Paley and Austin. It cost £1462 (£130000 as of 2014) and provided seating for 360 people.
 La vuelta al día en ochenta mundos is a two-volume collection of short pieces by Julio Cortázar which was published by Siglo XXI Editores in 1967. Portions of the collection along with portions of Cortázar's later two-volume collection Último round were translated by Thomas Christensen and published by North Point Press in 1986 under the title Around the Day in Eighty Worlds.
 The Enrique M. Razon Sports Center (Building code E; also called Sports Complex Sports Center or Sports Building) of De La Salle University is a ten-storey neoclassical building that was built in 1998 to replace the old Brother Lucian Athanasius FSC Gym that was demolished in 2000 to give way for the construction of the Yuchengco Hall.
 Antennae is an album by American jazz guitarist Joe Morris which was recorded in 1997 and released on the AUM Fidelity label. It features a trio with Jerome Deupree who was the original drummer in the rock band Morphine and played with Morris on some of his early Riti albums and bassist Nate McBride. The pieces on Antennae took their inspiration from a collection of visual graphic aids created by Lowell Davidson a pianist with whom Morris worked fairly extensively before his death in 1990.
 Giraulla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The MK News is a local weekly free newspaper based in Milton Keynes. MK News was launched in August 2002 and is delivered to homes across the Milton Keynes urban area and to commuters at Milton Keynes Central railway station. It is delivered on Wednesdays (competing with the Milton Keynes Citizen which is distributed free on Thursdays). The News claims an audited adult readership of 130000. In 2012 Local World acquired owner Iliffe News & Media from Yattendon Group.
 Maestro is an album by American blues artist Taj Mahal. It was nominated for Best Contemporary Blues Album at the 2009 Grammy Awards (but lost out to Dr. John and the Lower 911's City That Care Forgot). The release of Maestro marked the 40th anniversary of Taj Mahal's career as a recording artist.
 Lake Waukewan is a 928-acre (3.76 km2) water body located in Belknap County in the Lakes Region of central New Hampshire in the towns of Meredith and New Hampton. The town of Center Harbor occupies part of the lake's northern shoreline. Water from Lake Waukewan flows past the Mill Falls Marketplace in Meredith to Lake Winnipesaukee.
 Good Samaritan Hospital is a full-service hospital on the west side of Dayton Ohio. The hospital has 3300 employees and 577 beds. Good Samaritan Hospital as won numerous awards and is constantly recognized for its excellence in health care delivery and safety by places such as U.S. News & World Report HealthGrades and others.The hospital is a teaching hospital with the Boonshoft School of Medicine at Wright State University as the affiliated university.
 The Francovich House at 557 Washington St. in Reno Nevada was built during 1899-1900. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and was delisted later the same year when it was moved to save it from demolition.
 Haustellum fallax is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Tywa is a river in north-western Poland a tributary of the East Oder river with a length of 47.9 km and catchment area of 264.5 km². It flows from Lake Myślibórz the Plain Wełtyńską (at Coastland Szczecin) in Western Pomerania.The river flows from a small lake south of Trzcińsko-Zdrój flows through eight ribbon lakes (the largest of which is Lake Banská) and the Eastern Oder passes south of Gryfino to dump cooling water channel of power Dolna Odra .
 The Oxford Journal of Archaeology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the School of Archaeology University of Oxford. It was established in 1982 and the editors-in-chief are Nicholas Purcell Barry Cunliffe Helena Hamerow and Chris Gosden (University of Oxford).
 Trendsetter is the second solo studio album by Fler. It released the 23 June 2006 over Berlin label Aggro Berlin. A Premium Edition released with bonus CD and a DVD that features interviews concerts of backstage reports of Fler. Appearance of Sido Tony D Juelz Santana and others who commenting their relationship with him.
 In Transit (also known as In Tranzit) is a 2007 Russian-British film based on the true story of German prisoners of war in a Soviet work camp after World War II. The film was directed by Tom Roberts and stars Thomas Kretschmann John Malkovich Daniel Brühl Ingeborga Dapkunaite Vera Farmiga and Yevgeni Mironov.
 The Baroque Mariatrost Basilica on top of the Purberg hill in Mariatrost a district of Graz is one of the most famous pilgrimage sites of Styria in Austria.The pilgrimage church stands prominently on top of the Purberg hill (469 m) in the northeast of Graz. It can be reached using the 200 or more steps of the Angelus stair. The basilica is classified as a Baroque building.
 Torrance Rises is a 1999 mockumentary directed by and starring Spike Jonze.The film is based on a dance group in Torrance California and traces their journey to the MTV Video Music Awards presentation. The music video for Fatboy Slim's 1999 song Praise You also directed by Jonze features a street performance by this group.Torrance Rises also appears in the compilation The Work Of Director Spike Jonze (Palm Pictures).
 Kolkonda is a village and panchayat in warangal district Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Devaruppula mandal.
 Bardo [ˈbardɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Września and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 240.
 Double Trouble is a 1915 American silent romantic comedy film written and directed by Christy Cabanne and stars Douglas Fairbanks in his third motion picture. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Herbert Quick. A print of the film is held by the Cohen Media Group.
 Leading Lizzie Astray is a 1914 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 The Round House is a political novel by Louise Erdrich. It won the National Book Award for Fiction in 2012.
 Paskong Walang Katulad is the Holiday album by singer Ariel Rivera.
 Bangkok Girl is a documentary film that was both produced and directed by Jordan Clark. It is a low-budget film having cost $10000 to produce and takes sex tourism in Bangkok as its subject. Bangkok Girl is 43 minutes long and focuses on Pla a bargirl who is 19 years old and who guides Clark through the city. The film explores Pla's background and how she came to be where she is.
 The Long Good Friday is a British gangster film starring Bob Hoskins and Helen Mirren. It was completed in 1979 but because of release delays it is generally credited as a 1980 film. It was voted at number 21 in the British Film Institute's list of the top 100 British films of the 20th century and provided Bob Hoskins with his breakthrough film role.
 Aaptos robustus is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 2008.
 Suillia dawnae is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Sovići is a village in southwestern Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is in the West Herzegovina Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is part of the Grude municipality.According to the 1991 Yugoslav census there were 2629 residents in the village of Sovići of which 2625 were ethnic Croats.
 The Ambassador Apartments is a historic building in downtown Portland Oregon United States. Since 1979 it has been on the National Register of Historic Places.Described as Jacobean the Ambassador Apartments is unique in Portland for substituting Idaho sandstone instead of the glazed terra-cotta common in the facades and trim of structures dating from the 1920s. Located on prime downtown real estate the building has now been converted into condominiums.
 Sarab-e Kulasah (Persian: سراب كولسه‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Kūlasah; also known as Kolasah and Sarāb-e Kūlah Sah) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 All I Want for Christmas is a 1991 American romantic comedy film that stars Lauren Bacall Thora Birch and Ethan Randall. It was directed by Robert Lieberman with music by Bruce Broughton including a theme setting song by Stephen Bishop. The movie is rated G in the USA.
 Łaguny [waˈɡunɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Opinogóra Górna 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Ciechanów and 85 km (53 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Fallotaspidella is an extinct genus of redlichiid trilobites. It lived during the late Atdabanian stage which lasted from 530 to 524 million years ago during the early part of the Cambrian Period.
 The Ribeira River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Henderson Middleton Somerville (March 23 1837 - September 15 1915) was a Professor Associate Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court and a Member of the Board of General Appraisers.
 Bangsjøene is a series of lakes that straddle the borders of the municipalities of Snåsa Grong Overhalla and Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The southwestern lake is called Ytter-Bangsjøen the middle lake is Midter-Bangsjøen and the northeastern lake is Øyster-Bangsjøen. The lakes lie about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the lake Snåsavatnet and about 18 kilometres (11 mi) northwest of the village of Snåsa.
 Iztochnik is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Kiss the Girls is a psychological thriller novel by American writer James Patterson the second to star his recurring main character Alex Cross an African-American psychologist and policeman. It was first published in 1995 and was adapted into a movie of the same name in 1997.
 Kitnówko [kitˈnufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie nad Osą within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Świecie nad Osą 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Grudziądz and 53 km (33 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Hideous Kinky is a 1998 film directed by Gillies MacKinnon based on Esther Freud's 1992 novel of the same name about a young English mother (Kate Winslet) who moves from London to Morocco with her two young daughters. The soundtrack included music by Canned Heat Richie Havens and the Incredible String Band.
 The Doman River or Budinic River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Puramathra (പുറമത്ര) is a village in Kulukkallur panchayath in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India.
 Mrljak is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 26 people.
 Philonomon luminans is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in South Africa Central Africa Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea and Zambia Encyclopedia of LifeMozambique Botswana Namibia Kenya Malawi Tanzania Uganda and possibly Burundi.
 Kenosha Pass elevation 10000 ft (3000 m) is a high mountain pass located in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States.The pass is located in the Rocky Mountains southwest of Denver Colorado just northeast of the town of Fairplay Colorado. Geologically the pass is located atop a large granite batholith (known as the Kenosha Batholith) that forms the spine of the Front Range along the eastern side of South Park.
 Pathinaaru (Tamil: பதினாறு; English: Sixteen) is a 2011 Tamil romantic drama film written and directed by Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy who earlier directed films like V.I.P (1997) Punnagai Poove (2003) and A Aa E Ee (2009). It stars Shiva and Madhu Shalini in lead along with musician Darbuka Siva and television artist Abhishek in pivotal roles. The film's background score and soundtrack was composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 Grzymalin [ɡʐɨˈmalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Miłkowice 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Legnica and 68 kilometres (42 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Wind from The Abyss is a fantasy novel by American writer Janet Morris published in 1978. It is the third book of her Silistra series.
 Mantviliškis is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 262 people.
 Mong Tawng is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Ashireh Sar (Persian: عشيره سر‎ also Romanized as ʿAshīreh Sar) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District in the Central District of Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 26 families.
 Fishers Gap is a wind gap of the Blue Ridge Mountains located on the border of Madison County and Page County in Virginia in the Shenandoah National Park. Both Skyline Drive and the Appalachian Trail pass across the gap.
 The White-headed Barbet (Lybius leucocephalus) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family.It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Nigeria Sudan Tanzania and Uganda.
 Gustave Henry May (June 2 1881 – May 31 1943) was a photographer and politician in Alberta Canada. He co-operated the first photo-engraving business in western Canada and served on the Edmonton City Council from 1912 until 1914.
 Krobielice [krɔbjɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Klimontów 16 km (10 mi) west of Sandomierz and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 220.
 Kurtziella rhysa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Bjordal Church (Norwegian: Bjordal kyrkje) is a parish church in Høyanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Bjordal. The church is part of the Bjordal og Ortnevik parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.The white wooden church which has 167 seats was consecrated on 1 November 1906. The architect was Victor Nordan the son of the famous Norwegian church architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan.
 Sartalkh (Persian: سرتلخ‎) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 73 families.
 Kamenica (Cyrillic: Каменица) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Serena is a 2008 novel by Ron Rash. Set in 1930s North Carolina the novel tells the story of newlywed couple Serena and George Pemberton and their timber business. It was listed as #34 on the New York Times Bestseller list for Hardcover Fiction in the November 2 2008 issue of The New York Times Book Review. It has been adapted into a film by the same name starring Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence. The film is to be released in September 2014.
 The Federal Prison Camp Pensacola (FPC Pensacola) is a minimum-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Pensacola Florida. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FPC Pensacola is located on Saufley Field an outlying base of the Pensacola Naval Air Station 175 miles west of the state capital of Tallahassee and 50 miles east of Mobile Alabama.
 Lego Batman: The Movie – DC Super Heroes Unite is a direct-to-video animated film based on the video game Lego Batman 2: DC Super Heroes. Though the film has cutscenes from the video game the gameplay is replaced by new scenes with the same actors. The plot revolves around Lex Luthor and the Joker teaming up to destroy Gotham City with Batman and Robin teaming up with the Justice League in order to save Gotham. The film was released on Blu-ray and DVD on May 21 2013.
 Patsy of Paradise Place is a romantic fiction novel written by the English author Rosie Harris. The story is mostly set in Liverpool and talks about a young woman's struggle named Patsy Callaghan. It was first published in 2002.
 Computer!Totaal conveniently abbreviated as C!T is a Dutch monthly magazine about computers and related subjects. C!T is published by IDG Nederland and part of IDG's PC World product line. Computer!Totaal is the largest computer magazine of the Netherlands.Originally C!T was the newsletter of the Hobby Computer Club (HCC) and was called HCC Nieuwsbrief which was later renamed to the current name. On 1 October 2008 IDG and HCC terminated their co-operation.
 Beralade is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Ostrogski Palace or Ostrogski Castle (Polish: Pałac Ostrogskich or Zamek Ostrogskich) is a mansion in the city center of Warsaw on ulica Tamka. Begun by the powerful Ostrogski family who gave their name to the building it currently houses the Fryderyk Chopin Society and Fryderyk Chopin Museum.
 Magicians Holiday is the debut album by The Gap Band in 1974 on Shelter Records.
 Eitel Hospital is a former hospital building in Minneapolis Minnesota located across from Loring Park. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building is a fairly plain brick building made even more so when its original cornice was removed. The hospital was founded by Dr. George Eitel in 1912 and served wealthy citizens of Minneapolis. It featured sun porches with Navajo rugs and private rooms with brass beds and mahogany furniture.
 Haplochromis xenostoma was a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria though it may be extinct. This species reaches a length of 20.3 centimetres (8.0 in) SL.
 Pridvorci (Gornji Vakuf) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mordellistena gfelleri is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1990 by Horak.
 Tanto (So Much) is the second studio album by Spanish singer-songwriter Pablo Alborán. It was released in Spain on November 6 2012. The album peaked at number one in Spain and Portugal. Tanto is the follow-up to Alborán's debut album Pablo Alborán (2011).
 Sweet Sweet Music is a live album by the late Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released on the 13th of February 2012. This album is amongst the last of his live recordings.
 The Pure Weight of the Heart is Antonella Gambotto-Burke's first novel and third book. It peaked at number six on The Sydney Morning Herald bestseller list. Published by Orion Publishing in London in 1998 it was translated into German by Deutscher Taschenbuch Verlag (DTV) in 2000. Tatler's Book of the Month The Pure Weight of the Heart reflected a number of themes found in The Astronomer a short story Gambotto-Burke wrote in 1989.
 Urodeta acerba is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.The wingspan is 4.7-5.4 mm. The thorax tegula and forewing are grey brown mottled with blackish brown tipped scales. The hindwings are very narrow and grey brown. Adults have been recorded in March and May.
 Çavuşlu is a village in the District of Borçka Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 302 people.
 Aliev Gasret Agaevich (14 December 1922 – 28 February 1981) was a Soviet Soldier who participated in the Great Patriotic War. He held various ranks in different government organizations during his life most notably he was the 1st secretary of the CPSU in Rutul 1957-1961 while residing in the village Hin.
 Charlotte is an album by the Swedish singer Charlotte Nilsson released in 1999 as her debut album as a solo artist. In Korea Charlotte was released as a 2 disc special with CD 2 being all the songs from the Miss Jealousy album.
 Beacon Hill in Sedgley England is one of the highest points in the West Midlands at 237 metres (778 ft) above sea level.From the summit Wolverhampton Walsall and Birmingham are all visible as is the Staffordshire Shropshire and Welsh countryside to the west. The hill is so named as historically it was one in a series of prominent locations with beacons on top where a fire would be lit as a signal during times of war or turmoil.
 The Littlest Outlaw is a live-action film produced by Walt Disney. It was released by Buena Vista Distribution on December 22 1955. It was directed by Roberto Gavaldón and written by Larry Lansburgh (story) and Bill Walsh (screenplay). This is the seventh live-action movie by Walt Disney Productions.It starred Pedro Armendáriz as Gen. Torres Joseph Calleia as the Padre and Andrés Velázquez as Pablito.
 Best of Little Walter is the first LP record by American blues performer Little Walter. First released in 1958 the compilation album contains ten Little Walter songs that appeared in the Top 10 of the Billboard R&B chart from 1952 to 1955 plus two B-sides.
 The Adventures of Kathlyn (1913) is an American motion picture serial released on December 29 1913 by the Selig Polyscope Company. An adventure serial filmed in Chicago Illinois its thirteen episodes were directed by Francis J. Grandon from a story by Harold MacGrath and Gilson Willets and starred Kathlyn Williams as the heroine.
 Joseph T. Ferraracci (born July 31 1937) is a former Democrat State Senator in Maryland United States.
 The striped clingfish Trachelochismus melobesia is a clingfish of the family Gobiesocidae found all around New Zealand from low water to about 5 m on rocky coastlines. Its length is between 5 and 10 cm.
 Gość Niedzielny (lit. Sunday's Guest) is a Polish weekly Catholic news magazine. It is published in Katowice. The magazine circulation in 2011 was 198500 copies.
 The Haagse Poort (English: Gate of The Hague) is an office building in The Hague Netherlands. It is an unusual asymmetrical structure of 275 meters (or 900 feet) long that spans the Utrechtsebaan with a large arch. The Haagse Poort consists of a high-rise part and a low-rise part that are connected by the arch from the eighth floor. De tallest part amounts 70 meters (or 230 feet) and 17 floors. The building offers approximately 108000 m² (or 1160000 sq ft) of office space.
 Gulnora Islomovna Karimova (Russian: Гульнара Исламовна Каримова Gulnara Islamovna Karimova) (born 8 July 1972) is the elder daughter of Islam Karimov the president of Uzbekistan. She is also notable as diplomat professor and businessperson. She is the founder and chairperson of the Forum of Culture and Arts of Uzbekistan Foundations Board of Trustees and a number of NGOs focused on cultural and social aspects of life in Uzbekistan.
 My Journey is the debut studio album from Australian singer-songwriter Karise Eden she won the first season of The Voice (Australia). It was released in Australia on 26 June 2012. The album debuted at number one on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified double platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) for shipments of 140000 copies.
 Chicas Al Poder is an album by Bellepop released in 2002.
 The Moon and the Melodies was a album produced by the collaboration of the Scottish group Cocteau Twins and the American composer Harold Budd. It was released by 4AD in November 1986. The album's heavily-treated guitar sounds and euphoric vocalising can be heard in the group's other work from the same period such as the EP Echoes in a Shallow Bay or the album Victorialand.
 The Watertown Daily Times is a daily newspaper published in Watertown New York. It provides coverage of Jefferson County Lewis County and St. Lawrence County. It was founded in 1861.For years the Times was the smallest newspaper in the country to have its own Washington D.C. bureau. It publishes two daily editions one for St. Lawrence County a second for Jefferson and Lewis counties.
 Calvaire is a 2004 Belgian psychological horror film directed by Fabrice Du Welz starring Laurent Lucas Philippe Nahon and Jackie Berroyer.
 The Violet Dropwing Trithemis annulata is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae.It is found in Algeria Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Cameroon Chad the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Egypt Ethiopia France Gambia Ghana Greece Guinea Israel Kenya Liberia Madagascar Malawi Mali Mauritius Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Réunion Senegal Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi. 
 Valley Hills Mall is a two-story regional shopping mall located in Hickory North Carolina. It is owned and managed by Rouse Properties one of the largest mall owners in the United States and anchored by Belk Dillard's J. C. Penney and Sears.
 Blues and Trouble is an album by American blues pianist Curtis Jones.
 The red-tailed knobby newt or Kweichow (crocodile) newt (Tylototriton kweichowensis) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family. It is found in western Guizhou (Kweichow being an old spelling of Guizhou) and north-eastern Yunnan China. It is most closely related to emperor newt (Tylototriton shanjing) and Himalayan newt (T. verrucosus).Red-tailed knobby newt is a relatively large robust newt.
 Tang-e Dehuiyeh (Persian: تنگ دهويه‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Dehūīyeh) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 16 families.
 Don't Mind If I Do is the fifth album by the British New Wave band Culture Club released in 1999 for the Virgin label. The album has been released only in Europe and Japan. Some promo copies also circulated in Australia.[citation needed]
 The One-colored Becard (Pachyramphus homochrous) is a species of bird in the Tityridae family. It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae where now placed by SACC.
 South Lebanon is a village located in Union and Hamilton Townships in central Warren County in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 4115 at the 2010 census.
 Megaselia is a genus of fly in the family Phoridae.
 The White Pine Range is a group of mountains in southern White Pine County in eastern Nevada. The range runs for approximately 51 miles (82 km) from Beck Pass in the north to Currant Pass in the south. To the west of the range are the Duckwater (Shoshone) tribal lands and the northern arm of large Railroad Valley. To the east are Jakes Valley and the northern part of the long White River Valley.
 Citizen Cyborg: Why Democratic Societies Must Respond to the Redesigned Human of the Future is a 2004 non-fiction book by bioethicist and sociologist James Hughes which articulates democratic transhumanism as a socio-political ideology and program.The editors of the popular science magazine Scientific American recommended Citizen Cyborg in their April 2005 issue.
 The Great-billed Seed Finch (Oryzoborus maximiliani) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland swamps and heavily degraded former forest.
 Gierskoppbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Gurab (Persian: گوراب‎ also Romanized as Gūrāb) is a village in Tulem Rural District Tulem District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 535 in 136 families.
 Nasvatn is a lake in the municipality of Åmli in Aust-Agder county Norway. It's located about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) north of the village of Tovdal. The lake eventually drains in the Tovdalselva.
 The Musée Bonnat-Helleu is an art museum in Bayonne Aquitaine France. The museum was created in 1901 when Bayonne-born painter Léon Bonnat gave his extensive personal collections of art – notably an exceptional drawing collection – as well as many of his paintings to the City of Bayonne.
 Dororo (どろろ) is a Japanese manga series from the critically acclaimed manga creator Osamu Tezuka in the late 1960s. The anime television series (1969) based on the manga consists of 26 half-hour episodes. It was made into a live-action film in 2007.During the late 1960s manga featuring goblins was popular among kids. Dororo was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday for three years.Tezuka's childhood memory of his friends pronouncing dorobou (どろぼう lit.
 The Mariricu River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Wasted! or Naar de Klote! is a 1996 Dutch drama film directed by Aryan Kaganof. It is the first movie concerning the Dutch Dance Scene.The film was run in the time the Dutch gabber scene was on its highpoint. The same was true for the recreational use of XTC under Dutch youths.
 Zorunovac is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 179 people.
 The Source Presents: Hip Hop Hits Volume 2 is the second annual music compilation album to be contributed by The Source magazine. Released November 10 1998 and distributed by Polygram Records Hip Hop Hits Volume 2 features eighteen hip hop and rap hits.
 Khadag Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5971 people living in 1104 individual households.
 Qezeljeh (Persian: قزلجه‎; also known as Qerelījeh) is a village in Taghamin Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 44 families.
 Valukkai Aru is a seasonal river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. It is the only river on the Jaffna Peninsula. The river rises near Tellippalai before flowing south-west through Kandarodai Sandilipay and Vaddukoddai. The river empties into Jaffna Lagoon near Araly.
 The Ars amatoria (English: The Art of Love) is an instructional elegy series in three books by Ancient Roman poet Ovid. It was written in 2 AD. It is about teaching basic Gentlemanly male and female relationship skills and techniques.
 Most Pure Heart of Mary Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in the U.S. city of Mobile Alabama. It was organized to serve Mobile's African American community during the Jim Crow era. Its clergy and congregation subsequently took an active role in the Civil Rights Movement.
 Nicolae Fleva (Romanian pronunciation: [nikoˈla.e ˈfleva]; also known as Nicu Fleva Francized Nicolas Fléva; 1840 – August 4 1920) was a Wallachian-born Romanian politician political journalist and lawyer. Known especially for his involvement in political incidents and for a stated patriotism bordering on demagogy he tested all political formulas that Romania's two-party system would allow.
 Libelloides coccajus the 'Owly Sulphur' is a species belonging to the family Ascalaphidae subfamily Ascalaphinae.This rare insect is present in France Czech Republic Germany Italy Spain and Switzerland. The adults reach 25 millimetres (0.98 in) of length with a wingspan of 45–55 millimetres (1.8–2.2 in) and can be encountered from April through July in high grass areas.The body is black and quite hairy. They have large bulging eyes and long clubbed antennae.
 Laura Elizabeth Duffy is an American lawyer who serves as the United States Attorney for the Southern District of California.
 Dio sei proprio un padreterno! (also known as II suo nome faceva Tremare . . . Interpol in allarme! internationally released as Mean Frank and Crazy Tony Frank and Tony Power Kill The Cold Arms of Death and Escape From Death Row) is a 1973 Italian crime-comedy film directed by Michele Lupo.
 Selenochlamys is a genus of predatory air-breathing land slugs shell-less pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Trigonochlamydidae.
 Diplommatina ringens is a species of small land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 Aegires villosus is a species of sea slug. It is a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Aegiridae.
 Hypoptopoma is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.
 Overqualified is an art project by Canadian writer Joey Comeau in which he wrote a series of cover letters as job applications to companies. The letters were collected into a book and published as Overqualified by ECW Press in 2009. The letters all start off as standard cover letters but quickly turn very dark and almost inevitably reveal the author to be mentally unstable. Excerpts from the book were included in the 2010 Best American Nonrequired Reading.
 Manalive (1912) is a book by G. K. Chesterton detailing a popular theme both in his own philosophy and in Christianity of the 'holy fool' such as in Dostoevsky's The Idiot and Cervantes' Don Quixote.
 Galerías Insurgentes (also Centro Comercial Galerías Insurgentes) is an shopping mall in the Colona Del Valle neighborhood a mostly middle-upper class sector of Mexico City Mexico.
 The Andean Coot (Fulica ardesiaca) also known as the Slate-coloured Coot is a species of bird in the Rallidae family. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Chile Colombia Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitats are swamps and freshwater lakes.The bill and shield color are variable. The most common combination is a chestnut shield and yellow bill. Other combinations are yellow shield / white bill and white shield / white bill.
 Shirinak (Persian: شيرينك‎ also Romanized as Shīrīnak; also known as Shiroonak and Shīrūnak) is a village in Liravi-ye Jonubi Rural District Imam Hassan District Deylam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 Delhi-6 is the soundtrack album to Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's 2009 Bollywood film Delhi-6. A. R. Rahman scored the film his second collaboration with Mehra after Rang De Basanti and Prasoon Joshi penned the lyrics. The music was released on 14 January 2009 at the Indian Idol 4 competition. The first video of the song Masakali was released featuring Sonam and Abhishek with a pigeon. However the song was not part of the original film.
 The Healing of Harms is the first non-independent studio album released by Christian rock band Fireflight in 2006. The album was Fireflight's first release on Flicker Records. Waiting Liar and Serenity previously appeared on the band's 2004 release On the Subject of Moving Forward EP (though Serenity was titled Call).
 The Girl is a 2000 American/French romantic drama film directed by Sande Zeig. It is a love story set in Paris between the Artist (Agathe De La Boulaye) and the Girl (Claire Keim) based on a story by Zeig's partner Monique Wittig. It was negatively received by critics.
 Absolument fabuleux is a French comedy film released in 2001. Written and directed by Gabriel Aghion the film was an adaptation of the British television comedy series Absolutely Fabulous.Aghion's stated reason for making the film was to increase awareness of the series in France where it was not widely known.
 Nephele densoi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar and the Comoro Islands.The wingspan is 70–82 mm for males and 77–86 mm for females. The abdomen upperside has black patches. The forewing upperside has bands that are more conspicuous than in similar Nephele oenopion oenopion and not edged with white. The discal spot consists of several dots. The fist is rounded while the fourth forms a right angle the outer arm of which extends to dot two. The third is minute.
 The Stârminos River or Olanu Mare River is a headwater of the Olanu River.
 Blueprint is a 2003 German drama film directed by Rolf Schübel. It is based on the novel written by Charlotte Kerner. The film raises the ethical issue of human cloning.
 Sarah Tilghman Hughes (August 2 1896 – April 23 1985) was an American lawyer and federal judge who swore in Lyndon B. Johnson as President of the United States on Air Force One after the Kennedy assassination. She is the only woman in U.S. history to have sworn in a United States President a task usually executed by the Chief Justice of the United States.The photo depicting Hughes administering the oath of office to Johnson is the most famous photo ever taken aboard Air Force One.
 California Rhinoplasty is a song and EP by Matmos. The song is originally found on the 2001 album A Chance to Cut Is a Chance to Cure. The recording is composed entirely from samples of plastic surgery performed in California (rhinoplasty endoscopic forehead lift chin implants) augmented by a nose flute.
 The Elks Lodge Building in Oklahoma City Oklahoma also known as the ONG Building was built in 1926. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Buthus is a genus of scorpion belonging and being eponymous to the family Buthidae. It is distributed widely across northern Africa including Morocco Mauritania Algeria Tunisia Libya Egypt Senegal Guinea-Bissau Nigeria Sudan Somalia Ethiopia Djibouti as well as the Middle East including Israel Palestine Jordan Lebanon Iraq Yemen and possibly Saudi-Arabia and southern Turkey. Its European range includes the Iberian Peninsula southern France and Cyprus.
 Żerniki [ʐɛrˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Janowiec Wielkopolski 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Żnin and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 330.
 The rock-haunting ringtail possum (Petropseudes dahli) also known as the rock ringtail possum is a species of Australian possum. It is found in rocky escarpments in the Kimberley Arnhem Land and Gulf of Carpentaria across Western Australia and Northern Territory and just passing the Queensland border. It is also found on Groote Eylandt.
 Romany-Janowięta [rɔˈmanɨ janɔˈvjɛnta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Famous Paparazzo (Romanian: Faimosul paparazzo) is a 1999 Romanian drama film directed by Nicolae Mărgineanu. It was Romania's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards but did not manage to receive a nomination. It was also entered into the 22nd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Muir is a village in Lyons Township Ionia County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 604 at the 2010 census.
 Jezdina is a village in the municipality of Čačak Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 267 people.
 See Junk (novel) for the book of similar title by Melvin Burgess.Junkie: Confessions of an Unredeemed Drug Addict (originally titled Junk later released as Junky) is a novel by American beat generation writer William S. Burroughs published initially under the pseudonym William Lee in 1953. His first published work it is semi-autobiographical and focuses on Burroughs' life as a drug user and dealer.
 Bishop Court Apartments is a historic apartment building in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 1463 Bishop Street at the corner of De Maisonneuve Boulevard West in Downtown Montreal.The apartment building is three stories and comprises three wings linked together in a U shape around a small interior courtyard.
 Tindfjallajökull is a stratovolcano in the south of Iceland. It has erupted rocks of basaltic to rhyolitic composition and a 5-km-wide caldera was formed during the eruption of the 54000 year old Thórsmörk Ignimbrite.It is capped by a glacier of 19 km². Its highest peak is Ýmir (1462m) which takes its name from the giant Ýmir of Norse mythology. The most recent eruption was at an unknown time in the Holocene.The name means Tindfjöll glacier.
 Marshall Paul Plummer (February 25 1948 – March 25 2010) was the first Navajo Nation Vice President serving from 1991 to 1995. He died on March 25 2010 having been diagnosed with end-stage lung disease. He was mentioned in an article in the Farmington Daily Times.
 Out of This World is an album by jazz group The Three Sounds featuring performances recorded in 1962 and released on the Blue Note label.
 The Château de Saint Romain is a ruined castle in the commune of Siaugues-Sainte-Marie (previously in the former commune of Siaugues-Saint-Romain and hence the name) in the Haute-Loire département of France.The fief was known in the 13th century as being held by the brother of Saint-Louis IX of France Alphonse de Poitiers. The castle was protected by an external enceinte of which only terraces and two towers at the entry gate remain.
 The Reliance is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack built in 1904 at Fishing Creek Maryland. She is a 41-foot-long (12 m) two-sail bateau or V-bottomed deadrise type of centerboard sloop. Her beam is 14 feet (4.3 m) and her draft is 2 feet (0.61 m). She one of the 35 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay skipjacks and a member of the last commercial sailing fleet in the United States.
 Wilczogóra [vilt͡ʂɔˈɡura] (German Welschberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Bobolice 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 140 km (87 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Dynasty: Roc La Familia is the fifth studio album released by American rapper Jay-Z. Its lead single I Just Wanna Love U (Give It 2 Me) produced by The Neptunes was one of Jay-Z's most successful singles peaking at number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album debuted at #1 on the Billboard 200 with 557789 copies sold in its first week and more than 2.3 million copies sold to date.
 Aaron River Reservoir is a 136-acre (0.55 km2) reservoir mostly in Cohasset Massachusetts with small stretches extending into Hingham and Scituate. The outflow of the pond is Aaron River. Most of the reservoir is in the eastern side of Wompatuck State Park. The village of Beechwood lies to the east of the reservoir. The reservoir is a Class A water supply source used as a backup source for the Town of Cohasset.
 Coronel Belisle is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 1111 19th Street is a high-rise building in Washington D.C. The building rises 12 floors and 157 feet (48 m) in height. The building was designed by architectural firm Heery International and was completed in 1979. As of July 2008 the structure stands as the 24th-tallest building in the city tied in rank with 1620 L Street 1333 H Street 1000 Connecticut Avenue The Republic Building 1010 Mass the Army and Navy Club Building and the The Watergate Hotel and Office Building.
 Foster is a small lunar crater that lies to the southeast of the larger crater Joule on the far side of the Moon. The rim of Foster is slightly eroded and the narrow inner walls slope directly down to the relatively dark interior floor. The rim has a small outward bulge along the southwest side. There is a small craterlet on the floor next to the northern rim.
 Amazed is a Christian worship music album by Lincoln Brewster released in August 2002 by Vertical Music.
 The Aughrim River (Irish: Abhainn Eachroma) flows from confluence of the Derry Water and River Ow south of the village of Aughrim in County Wicklow in Ireland. It flows in a generally easterly direction for approximately 12 km (7.5 mi) following the R747 regional road for its full length before joining the River Avoca in the Vale of Avoca which in turn discharges into the Irish Sea at Arklow.
 Rockland County’s Best Magazine is a regional business publication that covers Rockland County NY and is published by BLM Publishing a local book and magazine publisher noted for its hyper-local focus.
 The soundtrack to the third in the Crow film series The Crow: Salvation album is once again compiled and produced by Jeff Most. As with the soundtrack to The Crow: City of Angels Salvation includes an otherwise unavailable cover version by Hole: this time of Bob Dylan's It's All Over Now Baby Blue.
 The Golden-fronted Woodpecker (Melanerpes aurifrons) is a North American woodpecker. Its preferred habitat is mesquite and riparian woodlands. It is distributed from Texas and Oklahoma in the United States through Mexico to Honduras and northern Nicaragua. Cooke listed this species as an abundant resident of the lower Rio Grande Valley Texas in 1884.
 Ella Fitzgerald at the Newport Jazz Festival: Live at Carnegie Hall is a 1973 (see 1973 in music) live album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by a reconstructed Chick Webb Band the pianist Ellis Larkins and for the second half of the album the Tommy Flanagan Quartet (featuring Joe Pass).This was a historic night for Fitzgerald reuniting her with many members that had worked with her when she performed with the drummer and Bandleader Chick Webb in the mid-1930s.
 Matthew Henry Richey (June 10 1828 – February 21 1911) was a Canadian politician in the 19th century.Richey was the son of Matthew Richey Methodist minister from Nova Scotia. The family was of Ulster-Scottish ancestry his father having immigrated to Canada.Richey studied law in Windsor Ontario and Upper Canada was called to the bar in 1850 and practiced law in Halifax.
 Wonopringgo is a village and subdistrict in Pekalongan Regency in Central Java Indonesia. It is located south of Pekalongan. The village was an important centre of sugar production with the Karang Anjer Factory in the area during the Dutch East Indies from at least the 1830s when the first Chinese person ran the factory in Wonopringgo. The Amsterdam based Netherlands Trading Company (Nederlandsche Handelmaatschappij or NHM) operated in the village.
 Saturn V Dynamic Test Stand also known as Dynamic Structural Test Facility at the George C. Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville Alabama is the test stand used for testing of the Saturn V rocket and the Space Shuttle prior to the vehicles' first flights. Designated building 4550 it stands 363 feet (111 m) tall and is 98 feet (30 m) square. NASA built the test stand in 1964 to conduct mechanical and vibrational tests on the fully assembled Saturn V rocket.
 St. Mary of Bendones (Spanish: Santa María de Bendones) is a Roman Catholic Asturian Pre-Romanesque church situated in Bendones Spain build between 792 and 842.It was appointed Spanish National Monument in 1958. It has an arcade with side chapels as well as a three-part head with a large transept.
 The Whittenton Mills Complex is a historic textile mill site located on Whittenton Street in Taunton Massachusetts on the banks of the Mill River. The site has been used for industrial purposes since 1670 when James Leonard built an iron forge on the west bank of the river. The first textile mill was built in 1805 and expanded throughout the 19th century.
 The Arieș River is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
 The Nysa Kłodzka (German: Glatzer Neiße Czech: Kladská Nisa) or Eastern Neisse is a river in southwestern Poland a left tributary of the Oder with a length of 182 km (21st longest) and a basin area of 4566 km² (3744 in Poland).Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. During the Yalta Conference it was discussed by the Western Allies as one possible line of the western Polish border.
 Tetragonoderus matilei is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Ball in 2000.
 The Indian River is a river in Muskoka Lakes Muskoka District in Central Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and connects Lake Rosseau (upstream) with Lake Muskoka (downstream).The river exits Lake Rosseau at Port Carling Dam flows through the Forman Narrows into Mirror Lake and reaches its mouth at Lake Muskoka off Hanna Point. The river was made navigable by the erection of the dam and creation of locks in 1871.
 Lac de Lispach is a lake in Vosges France. At an elevation of 909 m its surface area is 0.12 km².
 Superman (1948) is a 15-part black-and-white Columbia film serial based on the comic book character Superman. It stars an uncredited Kirk Alyn (billed only by his character name Superman; but credited on the promotional posters) and Noel Neill as Lois Lane. Like Batman it is notable as the first live-action appearance of Superman on film and for the longevity of its distribution.
 Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger vs. Space Sheriff Gavan: The Movie (海賊戦隊ゴーカイジャーVS宇宙刑事ギャバン THE MOVIE Kaizoku Sentai Gōkaijā Tai Uchū Keiji Gyaban Za Mūbī) is a film adaptation of the 35th anniversary Super Sentai Series Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger.
 El faro (English: The Lighthouse) is a 1998 Argentine and Spanish drama film directed by Eduardo Mignogna. The film is also known in Spain as El faro del Sur.The screenplay was a collaborative effort of Graciela Aguirre José Antonio Félez Eduardo Mignogna and Santiago Carlos Oves. It features Ingrid Rubio Jimena Barón among others. The film won numerous awards including the Goya Awards for Best Foreign Film.
 Freex was a short-lived comic book series from Malibu Comics.
 The Duplicate published in 1988 is a science fiction novel for young adults written by William Sleator.
 Grand Étang (large pond in English) is a lake the largest lake on the island of Réunion a French territory in the western Indian Ocean. It lies in the commune of Saint-Benoît close to La Plaine-des-Palmistes in the eastern part of the island. Its inflow is a short creek from the waterfall Cascade Biberon of the Bras d'Annette creek. It does not have an outflow.
 Attila Marcel is a 2013 French comedy film written and directed by Sylvain Chomet. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 The Valley City Municipal Auditorium in Valley City North Dakota was built in 1936. It includes Modern Movement architecture Stripped Classicism and other architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.It was deemed significant for its architecture but primarily for its historic role in the community. The building has enabled the city to be host since 1938 of the North Dakota Winter Show and it has hosted many events.
 Arabella-Hochhaus is a 23-storey 75 m (246 ft) skyscraper was designed by architect Toby Schmidbauer and constructed from 1966 to 1969 by Josef Schörghuber in Munich Germany. Until the 1990s the former Musicland Studios was located in its basement. The building is located at Arabellapark part of the Bogenhausen neighborhood in the East of Munich.
 The Otho Poole House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Trichaeta vigorsi is a species of moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found on Java.
 The Garden District is a residential neighborhood located in Baton Rouge's Mid-City area where Park Boulevard intersects Government Street. The Garden District is an established historic area with many upscale homes and an active civic association [1].The Garden District is actually a conglomerate of three historic districts as defined by the Louisiana National Register of Historic Places. They are Roseland Terrace Drehr Place and Kleinert Terrace.
 Go Simpsonic with The Simpsons is the 1999 soundtrack album from The Simpsons. It takes many of the musical numbers from the series which were either not included in the previous album Songs in the Key of Springfield or were created since the previous album's release. The album has 53 tracks most of which were written by Alf Clausen. It was well received by critics being named the Best Compilation Album of 1999 by Soundtrack.net and charted at number 197 on the Billboard 200.
 The Woman in White is a 1929 British silent mystery film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Blanche Sweet Haddon Mason and Cecil Humphreys. The film was made at Cricklewood Studios in London. It is based on the novel The Woman in White by Wilkie Collins.Several silent versions were made one in 1912 and one by Fox in 1917 as Tangled Lives. Another 1917 silent version was filmed by Thanhouser and starred Florence La Badie. It survives in the Library of Congress.
 William Hyde Rice (1846–1924) was a businessman and politician during the overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii. He collected and published legends of Hawaiian mythology.
 The Orange Cup Moth Pseudanapaea transvestita is a species of moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found in the east of Australia.
 Bozcayurt Güzelyurt is a village in the District of Güzelyurt Aksaray Province Turkey.
 The Bremerton Elks Temple Lodge No. 1181 Building in Bremerton Washington was built in 1920. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. It is now known as Catholic Charities' Max Hale Center.
 The Christopher McEwen House was a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places but later was removed from the Register in 1995.It was built in c.1836 and included Federal and Colonial Revival architecture.When listed the property included four contributing buildings and one non-contributing structure on an area of 15 acres (6.1 ha).Its NRHP eligibility was addressed in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.It was removed from the Register in 1995. 
 The Federal Correctional Complex Butner (FCC Butner) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in Butner North Carolina. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. FCC Butner is about 25 miles (40 km) northwest of Raleigh the state capital.
 La Quarantaine is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio .
 The Church of St. Mary is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 1101 Bay Street Staten Island New York City. St. Mary's is the second oldest of the 36 Roman Catholic parishes on Staten Island having been established in 1852 after St. Peter's (1839) and before St. Joseph's (1855).
 Salehabad (Persian: صالح اباد‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Karasf Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 59 families.
 Michael DeBose (1953 – April 23 2012) was an African-American politician who served as a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives. He was first elected to that position on 13 February 2002.
 Kilmar Tor is an elongated hill 396 metres (1299 ft) high and running from SW to NE on Bodmin Moor in the county of Cornwall England. Its prominence of 118 metres qualifies it as a HuMP.Kilmar Tor is located on the eastern side of Bodmin Moor about 2½ kilometres WSW of the hamlet of North Hill and 3½ kilometres north of Cornwall's highest village Minions. It is surmounted by granite tors. There is trig point at the summit as well as a cairn and cist.
 Hullabaloo in the Guava Orchard is a novel by Kiran Desai published in 1998. It is her first book and won the top prize for the Betty Trask Awards in 1998. It is set in the Indian village of Shahkot (state of Punjab) and follows the exploits of a young man Sampath Chawla trying to avoid the responsibilities of adult life.
 Blastesthia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Romola (1862–63) is a historical novel by George Eliot set in the fifteenth century and is a deep study of life in the city of Florence from an intellectual artistic religious and social point of view. It first appeared in fourteen parts published in Cornhill Magazine from July 1862 (vol. 6 no. 31) to August 1863 (vol. 8 no. 44). The story takes place amidst actual historical events during the Italian Renaissance and includes in its plot several notable figures from Florentine history.
 Emmanuel Baptist Church is a Baptist church in the central Yangon at the corner of Mahar Bandoola Garden Street and Mahar Bandoola Road opposite to Yangon City Hall. It is one of the oldest churches in Yangon.
 Louis Tourville (22 February 1831 – 4 November 1896) was a Canadian banker and politician.Born in Montreal Lower Canada Tourville was a founder of the Banque d'Hochelaga in 1873 and was its first president until 1878. In 1888 he was appointed to the Legislative Council of Quebec for the division of Alma. A Liberal he served until his death in Montreal in 1896. His son Rodolphe Tourville was also a Quebec politician.
 Die Zwei und die Dame (German:Two and a Lady) is a 1926 German silent comedy crime film directed by Alwin Neuß and starring Agnes Esterhazy Bernhard Goetzke and Henry Stuart. It was based on a novel by Sven Elvestad. It premiered in Berlin on 12 March 1926.
 Brilliance is the fourth studio album by Atlantic Starr. This album featured hit singles Love Me Down and Circles.
 Allari Alludu is a 1993 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy and produced by D.Sivaprasad Reddy under Kamakshi Art Movies. The film stars Nagarjuna Nagma and Meena in the lead roles. The film was remade in Kannada as Gadibidi Aliya.
 Heliothis cystiphora is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Central America South America and the Galapagos.
 This article is about a mountain located in Lemington Vermont. For other mountains with similar names see Monadnock (disambiguation)Monadnock Mountain also called Mount Monadnock is an inselberg located in Lemington in the Northeast Kingdom region of Vermont in the United States. The mountain overlooks the Connecticut River and the town of Colebrook New Hampshire.
 The American Journal of Transplantation is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Society of Transplant Surgeons and the American Society of Transplantation. It covers research on all aspects of organ transplantation. Each issue offers continuing medical education in the form of its Images in Transplantation feature a case-based approach.
 Joseph T. Joe Hackett is an American legislator and member of the Republican Party. In 2010 he was elected to represent the 161st District in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. Hackett won 53.5% of the vote. Currently serving his first two-year term as State Representative Hackett has served 26 years as a veteran of local county and federal law enforcement.
 The Journal of Gay and Lesbian Social Services is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research related to sexual minorities and their social environment including issues of homophobia and heterosexism and the personal day-to-day experiences of people affected by these attitudes. The editor-in-chief is Melanie D. Otis.
 Shafiabad (Persian: شفيع اباد‎ also Romanized as Shafīʿābād) is a village in Bayaz Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Robert and Bertram (German: Robert und Bertram) is a 1961 West German comedy film directed by Hans Deppe and starring Willy Millowitsch Vico Torriani and Trude Herr. It was inspired by the characters in Gustav Raeder's 1856 play Robert and Bertram update to the modern era. Two vagabonds Robert and Bertram are hired by a shoe company to walk 500 kilometres to test their new product.
 St. Francis de Sales Church is a Roman Catholic church located in Ajax Ontario. The original church was erected in 1871 but was closed in 1999 due to an overflow of parishioners. A new building was opened on 30 July 2006.
 American Winery Guide (AWG) is an online compendium of wineries in the United States. Founded by Jim Finley and Tim Donahoe in 2007 American Winery Guide catalogues and maps American wineries by state and viticultural area. The guide lists the address owner winemaker founding date hours of operation tasting fees and production statistics for over 7500 wineries. Additionally American Winery Guide employs correspondents who write articles about wineries in an area.
 Extended Play: Live at Birdland is a live jazz album recorded at the famous New York city jazz club Birdland in 2001 by the Dave Holland Quintet. It was later released in 2003.
 In the Garden is the debut studio album by British new wave duo Eurythmics released in 1981.It was co-produced with 'krautrock' producer Conny Plank at his studio in Cologne with numerous guest musicians. Plank had previously worked with the duo whilst they were in their previous band The Tourists.Two singles were released from the album in the UK Never Gonna Cry Again and Belinda.
 Ladybird Ladybird is a 1994 British drama film directed by Ken Loach.It is a drama-documentary about a British woman's dispute with Social Services over the care and custody of her four children. The title comes from a traditional nursery verse. Crissy Rock won the Silver Bear for Best Actress award at the 44th Berlin International Film Festival.The film holds a positive rating of 67% on Rotten Tomatoes.
 Nowa Wieś Kłodzka [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈkwɔt͡ska] (German: Neudorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Ruda within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Nowa Ruda 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Kłodzko and 70 kilometres (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 250.
 The Chapel of the Good Shepherd Carlett Park is in Eastham Merseyside England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Rig Safar (Persian: ريگ صفر‎ also Romanized as Rīg Şafar) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 10 families.
 St Peter's Church Letwell is a parish church of the Church of England in Letwell.
 Daddala lucilla is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Himalaya Taiwan Japan Burma Thailand Sumatra Borneo Java Bali and Sulawesi.The wingspan is 48–54 mm.
 South Bristol Community Hospital is a community hospital in the Hengrove area of Bristol England on the site of the former Whitchurch Airport. It opened in March 2012.
 Majin Bone (マジンボーン) is a digital card game by Bandai. A manga series is serialized in the magazine Saikyo Jump by Shueisha and an anime television series debuted on April 1 2014 on TX Network stations.
 Vino is a lyrical rock album released by Draco Rosa in 2008 under Phantom Vox and a followup to Vagabundo. It was first published during the summer of 2007 under the alternate title of El Teatro del Absurdo in certain territories.
 José Joaquín Prieto Vial (August 20 1786 - November 22 1854) was a Chilean military and political figure. He was twice President of Chile between 1831 and 1841. José Joaquín Prieto was of Spanish and Basque descent.
 The Glenn & Viola Walters Cultural Arts Center is a multi-use arts and performance venue in downtown Hillsboro Oregon United States. Opened in 2004 it is housed in a red-colored stone building completed in 1949 as a Lutheran church. Hillsboro a city on the west side of Portland owns the three-level facility and operates it through their Parks and Recreation Department.Walters Cultural Arts Center includes gallery space classroom space and a 200 seat performance hall.
 Ödön Mikecz (27 May 1894 - 21 January 1965) was a Hungarian politician and jurist who served as Minister of Justice in 1938. He finished his law studies at the University of Budapest and in Zürich. He worked as a lawyer in Nyíregyháza from 1923. In 1935 he served as press chief of Prime Minister Gyula Gömbös in the next year as State Secretary of the Interior. Kálmán Darányi appointed justice minister on 9 March 1938. After that he left the party.
 Evening at the Grange is an EP by Lida Husik and Beaumont Hannant released on November 8 1994 through Astralwerks.
 Damini Bhir (also spelled Damini Bheer or दमिनी भीर) is a Nepali novel by Rajan Mukarung which won the Madan Puraskar for 2012. The novel depicts the circumstances psychology and practices of Nepali society during transitional phase.
 Moody Standard and Poor is the second album by the New York City-based rock band Obits released March 29 2011 through Sub Pop.
 Amawalk Friends Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house at 2467 Quaker Church Road in Yorktown Heights Westchester County New York. It was is the third meetinghouse built on the property; the previous two were destroyed by fire. Built in 1831 it is a two story rectangular wood frame building measuring 30 feet by 40 feet.
 Pokrzywnik [pɔˈkʂɨvnik] (German: Stangenhain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgorzelec within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the German border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Zgorzelec and 137 km (85 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mr. Bad Guy is the first solo album from Queen singer Freddie Mercury. Released in 1985 during a period in which Queen were on hiatus from recordings it contains eleven songs all written by him. It was dedicated to my cat Jerry—also Tom Oscar and Tiffany and all the cat lovers across the universe—screw everybody else.
 Tragic Night (Italian:Tragica notte) is a 1942 Italian drama film directed by Mario Soldati and starring Doris Duranti Carlo Ninchi and Andrea Checchi. It is based on a 1928 novel by Delfino Cinelli. After being released from prison a poacher seeks revenge on the gamekeeper who put him there. It was made at the Scalera Studios in Rome.
 Devaraya (Telugu: దేవరాయ) is a 2012 Telugu film starring Srikanth Meenakshi Dixit and Vidisha in the lead roles directed by Nani Krishna and Produced by Kiran Jakkam Shetty & Nani Krishna. Chakri provided the music. The film was releasing worldwide on 7 December 2012.
 Ortalis snowi is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Üçkuyular is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 22 people.
 The Ramp Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Hopewell Township in Cumberland County Pennsylvania. It is a 130-foot-long (40 m) Burr Truss arch bridge constructed in 1870. It crosses the Conodoguinet Creek. It is one of 17 historic covered bridges in Adams Cumberland and Perry Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Martin the Warrior is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 1993. It is the sixth book in the Redwall series. It is also one of the three Redwall books to be made into a TV show.The English versions of the novel were subdivided into three books: The Prisoner and the Tyrant Actors and Searchers and The Battle of Marshank.
 The Melectini are a tribe of medium- to large-sized apid bees found essentially worldwide. They are brood parasites of the related typical digger bees (Anthophorini) and will occasionally visit flowers e.g. in prairie landscapes of the United States.As in other cuckoo bees females can be easily distinguished from those of their hosts by the lack of scopae and other pollen-collecting adaptations as well as lacking prepygidial fimbria and basitibial plates.
 Crisilla innominata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Nummela is the debut album by the Finnish singer Anssi Kela. Released in March 2001 Nummela is the best-charting album in Finland with 16 weeks atop and currently ranks 13th on the list of best-selling albums of all-time in Finland.
 South Tuckahoe Historic District is located in the Tuckahoe section of Upper Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 7 1997.
 Medico condotto is a 1952 Italian documentary film written by Antonio Pietrangeli and Roberto Rossellini and directed by Giuliano Biagetti.
 Edwin Denby (February 18 1870 – February 8 1929) was an American lawyer and politician who served as Secretary of the Navy in the administrations of Warren G. Harding and Calvin Coolidge from 1921 to 1924. He also played a notable role in the infamous Teapot Dome scandal which took place during the Harding presidency. He was the son of Charles Harvey Denby grandson of Graham N. Fitch and brother of Charles Denby Jr..
 Kalište is a village in the municipality of Malo Crniće Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 478 people.
 Aminu Sule Garo (born 1962) is a Nigerian politician and businessman.He was elected Senator for Kano North in April 2007 but his election was annulled in December 2007 on the basis that he lacked the required qualifications.
 Ithaca Creek is a waterway in the Enoggera Creek catchment in the western suburbs of Brisbane Queensland Australia. It arises in the Taylor Range at the Mount Coot-tha forest with two streams one arising at J C Slaughter Falls the other and stronger source being Simpson Falls the western branch.Ithaca Creek runs through the suburbs of Bardon Ashgrove and Red Hill where it joins Enoggera Creek.
 Didenko or Dindanko is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains 7 villages and in the 2009 census has a population of 9840.
 remTwo to the Fifth is the 32nd book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Mosaveri (Persian: مساوري‎ also Romanized as Mosāverī and Musāveri) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 12 families.
 Lake Vyalozero (Russian: Вялозеро) is a large freshwater lake on the Kola Peninsula Murmansk Oblast Russia. It has an area of 98.6 km². Vyala River (left tributary of the Umba) flows from the lake.
 Gornji Drenovac is a village in the municipality of Žitorađa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 420 people.
 Beinn a' Bheithir (Scottish Gaelic pronunciation: [peɲ ə ˈvehəɾʲ] 'Mountain of the Thunderbolt') is a mountain lying to the south of Ballachulish on the south side of Loch Leven in the Scottish Highlands.
 Lost Lake is a lake located in the town of St. Germain in Vilas County Wisconsin United States. It is 544 acres (2.20 km2) in size and has a maximum depth of 22 feet (6.7 m).
 Ek Saudagar is a 1985 Hindi film which starred Rajinikanth and Sharat Saxena.
 The Roundhouse Tapes is a live double album by Swedish progressive metal band Opeth. The CD was recorded on November 9 2006 and was released on November 5 2007 in Europe and on November 20 2007 in the rest of the world. A two disc DVD version was released on November 10 2008 and includes exclusive menu music written by Mikael Åkerfeldt and Per Wiberg.
 Happy Trails is the second album of the American band Quicksilver Messenger Service. Most of the album was recorded from two performances at the Fillmore East and Fillmore West although it is not clear which parts were recorded at which Fillmore. The record was released by Capitol Records in stereo.
 Brechelser Floß is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Hyporhamphus yuri is a halfbeak from the Hemiramphidae family.
 Reflex is the 2004 sequel to the 1992 novel Jumper by Steven Gould.
 Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai is a 2010 Indian period gangster film directed by Milan Luthria and produced by Ekta Kapoor. It stars Ajay Devgan Emraan Hashmi Prachi Desai Kangna Ranaut and Randeep Hooda. The film produced under Balaji Motion Pictures and released on 30 July 2010 received some positive reviews from critics.
 Czarna Glina [ˈt͡ʂarna ˈɡlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Ćmielów 8 km (5 mi) east of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 63 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 20.
 Kangaroo is a 1987 Australian drama film directed by Tim Burstall and based on a novel by the same name by D. H. Lawrence.
 Ab Malek (Persian: اب ملك‎ also Romanized as Āb Maleḵ) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 18 families.
 Niemyje-Ząbki [ɲɛˈmɨjɛ ˈzɔmpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudka within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 80.Fun fact: Nie myje ząbki means 'doesn't brush the teeth' in Polish.
 Doraemon: Nobita in the Wan-Nyan Spacetime Odyssey (ドラえもん のび太のワンニャン時空伝 Doraemon: Nobita no Wan Nyan Jikūden) is a 2004 Japanese animated film based on the Japanese franchise of Doraemon. The film also marks the 25th anniversary of the Doraemon television series on TV Asahi and the 25th Doraemon feature film.
 Evans Peak is a peak to the Northwest of Alouette Lake in Golden Ears Provincial Park British Columbia.
 Time To Go - The Southern Psychedelic Moment: 1981-86 is a compilation album released in 2012 by recording label Flying Nun Records.
 Yang Guifei is an upcoming Chinese epic romance war film directed by Cheng Shiqing (writer of Codename Cougar) and featuring Fan Bingbing Leon Lai Wu Chun Joan Chen Ning Jing. The film also had a director group including Zhang Yimou and Tian Zhuangzhuang.
 Nurczyk-Kolonia [ˈnurt͡ʂɨk kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Beautiful Boxer (Thai: บิวตี้ฟูล บ๊อกเซอร์) is a Thai biographical sports film by Singapore-based director Ekachai Uekrongtham. It tells the life story of Nong Thoom a famous kathoey (trans woman) Muay Thai fighter actress and model. She was portrayed by male kickboxer Asanee Suwan.
 The Dhimmi: Jews and Christians Under Islam is a book by Bat Ye'or.The book was first published in French in 1980 and was titled Le Dhimmi : Profil de l'opprimé en Orient et en Afrique du Nord depuis la conquête Arabe (The Dhimmi: Profile of the oppressed in the Orient and in North Africa since the Arab conquest). It was translated into English and published in 1985 under the name The Dhimmi: Jews and Christians Under Islam.
 Letting Go (1962) is the first full-length novel written by Philip Roth and is set in the 1950s.
 Tactusa schnacki is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Assam in north-eastern India.The wingspan is about 12 mm. The forewing is narrow and pointed at the apex. The ground colour is brownish but darker by the costal patch in the medial area and in the subterminal area. Only the terminal line is visible marked by interneural black spots. The hindwing is dark grey with an indistinct discal spot and the underside is unicolorous grey.
 Niveria spongicola is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Son of Rambow is a 2007 British-French-German comedy-drama film written and directed by Garth Jennings. The film premiered on 22 January 2007 at the Sundance Film Festival. It was later shown at the Newport Beach Film Festival Seattle International Film Festival Toronto International Film Festival and Glasgow Film Festival. The film was also shown at the 51st BFI London Film Festival.
 Colonnade Row also known as LaGrange Terrace on present-day Lafayette Street in New York City's NoHo neighborhood is a landmarked series of Greek revival buildings originally built in the early 1830s. They are believed to have been built by Seth Greer although the project has been attributed to a number of other architects.
 The Captain from Cologne (German: Der Hauptmann von Köln) is an East German film directed by Slatan Dudow. It was released in 1956.
 Drugs & Aging is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Adis International (Springer Science + Business Media). It contains primarily review articles covering optimum use of drug therapies in older adults.
 Chal-e Siyah Mazkur (Persian: چال سياه مذكور‎ also Romanized as Chāl-e Sīyāh Maẕkūr) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Greatest Remix Hits 1 is a remix album by Australian pop–dance singer Kylie Minogue. Originally released exclusively in Japan in 1993 the collection was re-released by Mushroom Records in 1997 in Australia with new cover art. The album contained rare and previously unavailable remixes of songs from Minogue's studio albums with PWL from 1987 to 1992.
 There's Always a Woman is a 1938 comedy mystery film starring Joan Blondell and Melvyn Douglas as married detectives investigating a murder. The movie was based on the short story of the same name by Wilson Collison and the supporting cast includes Mary Astor.
 Draževići (Serbian: Дражевићи) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Gentle Cyclone is a 1926 short comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Heart of a Woman (1981) is an autobiography by American writer Maya Angelou. The book is the fourth installment in Angelou's series of seven autobiographies. The Heart of a Woman recounts events in Angelou's life between 1957 and 1962 and follows her travels to California New York City Cairo and Ghana as she raises her teenage son becomes a published author becomes active in the US civil rights movement and becomes romantically involved with a South African freedom fighter.
 The Gravona is a river on the island of Corsica France. It flows from the center of the island southwest to the Gulf of Ajaccio. Its entire course is in the Corse-du-Sud Department of France. The Gravona Valley conducts the main highway Route N193 from the capital city Ajaccio to the Col de Vizzavona where it goes through the pass and down to Corte and Bastia. At its upper end the Gravona is a crystal-clear mountain stream cascading over falls and rapids into trout-filled pools.
 Artemis Fowl: The Seventh Dwarf is a short story in the Artemis Fowl book series by Eoin Colfer. It was published for World Book Day in 2004 and cost £1 in Britain €1 in Europe or exchangeable for one World Book Day token. It was also published as one of the short stories in The Artemis Fowl Files. In the series' chronology The Seventh Dwarf takes place between Artemis Fowl and Artemis Fowl: The Arctic Incident.
 The Sky Is Too High was the first solo album by Blur guitarist Graham Coxon. It was released in 1998 while he was still a member of Blur. He wrote and recorded all the music himself. Most of the album consists of lo-fi acoustic songs with some overdubbed electric guitar and percussion similar in style to the Blur songs Miss America (from Modern Life is Rubbish) and You're So Great (from Blur one of the few Blur songs with Coxon singing lead vocals).
 Carrel is a small lunar crater on the Mare Tranquillitatis. It has a somewhat distorted appearance having a slight protruding bulge in the northwest rim. The interior is somewhat irregular with ridges and some slumped material. This crater lies across a ridge in the surface of the mare.This crater was previously designated as Jansen B before being given its current name by the IAU in 1979 in honour of the scientific contributions of the Nobel-winning French scientist Alexis Carrel.
 Liberty Village – Somewhere in Heaven is a 2006 documentary film about the Liberty Village neighbourhood in Toronto Canada.The film was produced and directed by David Sloma and features interviews with residents of Liberty Village such as Corky Laing of the supergroup Mountain who contributed the music for the film from recordings of his band Cork.
 En cuerpo y alma is a 1951 Argentine film.
 The Olteneasa River is a tributary of the Suciu River in Romania.
 The Devil and the Good Lord (French: Le Diable et le Bon Dieu) is a 1951 play by French philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre. The play concerns the moral choices of its characters warlord Goetz clergy Heinrich communist leader Nasti and others during the German Peasants' War. The first act follows Goetz' transformation from vicious war criminal to a good person of noble deeds as during a siege of the town of Worms he decides not to massacre its citizens.
 Simochromis pleurospilus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is known to occur in rock rubble areas in the southwestern portion of the lake. It can reach a length of 12 centimetres (4.7 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Final Passage is Caryl Phillips's debut novel. First published in 1985 it is about the Caribbean diaspora exemplified in the lives of a young family from a small island of the British West Indies who decide to join the 1950s exodus to the mother country. They arrive in London full of hope but their hopes are thwarted while new challenges if not opportunities never thought of before seem to arise.
 Aetheolepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric freshwater bony fish that lived during the Jurassic epoch on Australia. Fossilized remains of Aetheopelpis have been found on the Colalura Sandstone.
 Lake Semyonovskoye (Russian: Семёновское озеро) is a freshwater lake on the Kola Peninsula Murmansk Oblast Russia in Murmansk. It has an area of 0.195 km². Semyonovsky Stream flows from the lake.
 The Goodwill Industries Building is located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Coca-Cola Bottling Plant (also known as the Coca-Cola Building and the Florida Coca-Cola Bottling Company) is an historic one-story redbrick building located at 517 North Main Street in Trenton Gilchrist County Florida. Built in 1925 the building was listed in 1989 in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture published by the University of Florida Press.
 Pilgrim Lutheran Church for the Deaf of Greater Kansas City and Parsonage is a historic site at 3801-3807 Gilham Road in Kansas City MissouriIt was built in 1941 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Dead Fire is a 1997 made for television Canadian science fiction film starring Colin Cunningham as a soldier on a space station. He is assigned to the freezer for prisoners as a result of a botched operation. When the prisoners escape he must stop them from taking over the space station.
 Poramboku is an 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by Krishna Reddy. Navdeep plays the lead roles while Ekta Khosla plays the female lead. The film was released on 26 January 2007.
 Twin Earths is an American science fiction comic strip written by Oskar Lebeck and drawn by Alden McWilliams that ran in Sunday and daily newspapers from 1952 until the early 1960s. The daily strip began on June 16 1952 the Sunday on March 1 1953. The Sunday was drawn in a half page format but it was available in smaller formats with dropped panels.
 Akasa Kusum (English: Flowers of the Sky) is a 2008 film from prolific Sri Lankan filmmaker Prasanna Vithanage. It received a world premiere at the Pusan International Film Festival in October 2008 and won numerous awards at various other festivals.The film was released in Sri Lanka on 21 August 2009 and became a box-office hit in that country.
 The Looming Fog is the 2006 debut novel by the Nigerian writer Rosemary Esehagu. The story follows the life of an intersex child as they struggle to live in a pre-colonial village in Nigeria that considers the anomaly an abomination.Through this nameless protagonist and narrator one becomes aware of other members of this small society including the second main character Kayinne who is the only surviving child of an elderly couple.
 Stellaria solaris common name the sun carrier shell is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Xenophoridae the carrier shells.
 Pulikkal is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Marchi (Persian: مارچي‎ also Romanized as Mārchī) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District Jolgeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 25 families.
 Diplophos rebainsi Rebains' portholefish is a bristlemouth of the family Gonostomatidae found in the south-east and west Pacific and the South Atlantic oceans.
 Mowtowr-e Hasanabad Hamidiyeh Javanan (Persian: موتورحسن ابادحميديه جوانان‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩasanābād Ḩamīdīyeh Javānān) is a village in Ferdows Rural District Ferdows District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 7 families.
 Mount Clay is a peak located in Thompson and Meserve's Purchase in Coos County in the Presidential Range of the White Mountains of New Hampshire. It is a rise about 0.9-mile (1.4 km) long and a few hundred feet tall with summit elevation of 5533 feet (1686 m); it lies on the ridge joining the summits of Mount Washington about 0.9-mile (1.4 km) to the south-southeast with that of Mount Jefferson about 1.3-mile (2.1 km) north.
 Pel Dael Trov Yum is a 1972 Khmer film directed by Ung Kantuok starring Kong Som Eun and Vichara Dany. The plot like other Ung Kantuok films involves a triangular relationship between a man Kong Som Eun and 2 women Vichara Dany and Kim Nova. The film consist of 5 hit songs including the all time famous Pel Dael Tron Yum (The Time to Cry).
 The Bornean Treepie (Dendrocitta cinerascens) is a passerine bird belonging to the Dendrocitta genus of treepies in the crow family Corvidae. It is endemic to the South-east Asian island of Borneo. It is sometimes treated as a subspecies of the Sumatran Treepie (D. occipitalis).
 The Fountain of Campo das Hortas (Portuguese: Chafariz do Campo das Hortas) is a fountain located in civil parish of Sé municipality of Braga in northern Portugal.
 The National Gallery of Modern Art (NGMA) is the premier art gallery under Ministry of Culture Government of India. The main museum at Jaipur House in New Delhi was established on March 29 1954 by the Government of India with subsequent branches at Mumbai and Bangalore.
 Sir James Allen GCMG KCB (10 February 1855 – 28 July 1942) was a prominent New Zealand politician and diplomat. He held a number of the most important political offices in the country including Minister of Finance and Minister of Foreign Affairs. He was also New Zealand's Minister of Defence during World War I.
 Michael Ring (born 24 December 1953) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He has been a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Mayo constituency since June 1994 and is the Minister of State for Tourism and Sport.Ring was born in Fr. Angelus Park Westport. He attended the local C.B.S. school and later Westport vocational school.A former auctioneer he first stood for election to Dáil Éireann at the 1992 general election but was unsuccessful.
 Leptoxis ampla common name the round rocksnail is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae.This species is endemic to the United States specifically the state of Alabama. The snail has been listed as threatened on the United States Fish and Wildlife Service list of endangered species since 28 October 1998.Leptoxis ampla is a vulnerable species according to the IUCN Red list.
 The Capivara River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Angel L. Cruz is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives representing the 180th District since 2001.
 Joseph Bucher House is a historic home located at Marietta Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built between about 1806 and 1811 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay brick dwelling. It has a side hall Georgian plan.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Robert D. Phillips (born May 29 1956 in Wiltshire England) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing District 51 since January 2011.
 Keith Langseth (born January 20 1938) is a Democratic Farmer Labor Party member of the Minnesota Senate representing District 9 since 1981. Prior to his election to the Senate he was a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from District 9B from 1975 to 1979. His district includes portions of Becker Clay Otter Tail Traverse and Wilkin counties in the northwestern part of the state.
 Kahriz (Persian: كهريز‎ also Romanized as Kahrīz; also known as Kahrīz-e Tūsak and Kahrīz Tūsk) is a village in Jowzan Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 51 families.
 Ruine Liechtenstein is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Hadan (Persian: هادان‎ also Romanized as Hādān and Hadān; also known as Ardūn Hādūn and Hāvān) is a village in Sardshir Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 498 in 115 families.
 John Hugh Buddy Dyer (born August 7 1958) is the 32nd and current mayor of Orlando Florida first elected in 2003. He is a member of the United States Democratic Party. Previously he represented Orlando in the Florida State Senate for ten years including three years when he was the Senate Democratic leader.
 The Nanhai Academy (Chinese: 南海學園; pinyin: Nánhǎi Xuéyuán) is a collection of cultural and educational facilities located on Nanhai Road in the Zhongzheng District of Taipei Taiwan. After the Republic of China Government relocated to Taiwan following the Chinese Civil War Chiang Kai-shek ordered its construction. The Ministry of Education and Chang Chi-yun planned the construction of five major social institutions located around the Taipei Botanical Garden.
 Generations is a jazz album by Bucky Pizzarelli and his son John Pizzarelli released April 10 2007. The album features performances by the father and son a musical pairing of two guitarists who have worked with one another in studio and live events often before.
 Eleutherodactylus bipunctatus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Chochołów [xɔˈxɔwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarny Dunajec within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Czarny Dunajec 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Nowy Targ and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.
 The Southern Cat Rocks On is a 12 vinyl album by Gene Summers his second album release. It is a compilation of tracks he recorded in Texas between 1962 and 1975.
 John C. Revens Jr. is a Democratic member of the Rhode Island Senate representing the 31st District since 1990. He is currently President Pro Tempore.Revens previously served from 1974 through 1988 serving as Majority Leader from 1983 through 1988. and Earlier he was a member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives from 1969 through 1974.
 Nova srpska politička misao (Serbian: Нова српска политичка мисао; English: New Serbian political thought) is a Belgrade-based publisher and quarterly magazine dealing with politics and policy studies.Founded in 1994 under the name Serbian Political Thought the magazine has typically attracted young independent political scientists philosophers sociologists psychologists and economists who weigh in on topical and sometimes controversial political questions.
 Mordellistena megacera is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1929.
 Now Is the Hour is an album by the American jazz bassist Charlie Haden's Quartet West recorded in 1995 and released on the Verve label.
 Propagation (1994) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich. This album is an expression of Rich’s interest in biology and is a tribute to the proliferation of organic life in all its forms. It features a complex range of world music influences just tunings and guest performers similar to Rainforest (1989).
 Tamar is the self-titled debut solo album by Tamar Braxton released on March 21 2000 through DreamWorks Records and RedZone Entertainment. Prior to the album's release Braxton had been the lead singer of The Braxtons after her sisters Traci and Toni had left the group leaving them as a trio of just Tamar Trina and Towanda.
 Gashmi (Persian: گشمي‎ also Romanized as Gashmī) is a village in Surak Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 29 families.
 Joseph Auguste Anténor Firmin (18 October 1850 – 19 September 1911) better known as simply Anténor Firmin was a Haitian anthropologist journalist and politician. Firmin is best known for his book De l'égalité des races humaines (English: On the Equality of Human Races) which was published as a rebuttal to French writer Count Arthur de Gobineau's work Essai sur l'inégalité des races humaines (English: Essay on the Inequality of Human Races).
 The Epworth United Methodist Church is a United Methodist church in the Edgewater neighborhood of Chicago Illinois.The church was formally organized as the Epworth Methodist Episcopal Church in July 1889 and the main part of the church building was built in the early 1890s.
 .Meadow Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.The estate belonged to Mosby Shepherd who helped stop the Gabriel's Rebellion slave rebellion.
 Mamye E. BaCote (born February 18 1939 in Halifax Virginia) is an American politician of the Democratic Party. She is currently a member of the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 95th District since 2004.
 Quiet is an album by jazz musician John Scofield.
 River Mayanja is a river in Uganda in East Africa.
 The Colnic River is a tributary of the Râoaia River in Romania.
 The Adventures of Captain Hatteras (French: Voyages et aventures du capitaine Hatteras) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne in two parts: The English at the North Pole (French: Les Anglais au pôle nord) and The desert of ice (French: Le Désert de glace).The novel was published for the first time in 1864. The definitive version from 1866 was included into Voyages Extraordinaires series (The Extraordinary Voyages). Although it was the first book of the series it was labeled as number two.
 The Câlnic River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 Babylon 5: Legions of Fire – The Long Night of Centauri Prime is a Babylon 5 novel by Peter David.
 Sadistic Sex Daemon is the 7th studio album by the band Misanthrope. The bonus disc is entirely sung in French except for the last track. There was also an LP picture disc released in July 2005 by Painkiller Records which was limited to 500 copies.
 American Casino is a 2009 documentary film about the American subprime mortgage crisis. It is directed and produced by Leslie Cockburn with Andrew Cockburn as co-producer.The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York City on May 2 2009 and opened at the Roxie Theater in San Francisco on August 21 and at the Film Forum in New York City on September 2.
 Everything is True is a solo album by Australian singer–songwriter Paul Dempsey. Dempsey who rose to fame with his band Something For Kate played every instrument that appears on the album.
 The Honeycombs was the first album by the British pop group The Honeycombs. In the USA it was called Here Are The Honeycombs (singing Have I The Right And Other Hits). Most songs were written by Ken Howard and Alan Blaikley.
 Blood on the Black Robe is the fifth studio album by the Irish celtic metal band Cruachan. It was released in 2011 on Candlelight Records.
 Springfield Baptist Church in Augusta Georgia was built in 1801 by a Methodist congregation. It is the oldest church building extant in Augusta and one of the oldest in the state. It was built in the style of a New England meetinghouse rare in Georgia. The simple two story rectangular wooden building has two doors at the first floor topped by two arched windows and a smaller arched attic window in the gable of the street facade.
 Heis is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the western part of the Mare Imbrium. It is located to the northeast of the crater Delisle and south of C. Herschel. This is a circular symmetrical formation with an interior floor that is about half the diameter of the outer rim. The tiny satellite crater Heis A intrudes slightly into the northern rim.
 Macroglossum phocinum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in the Solomon Islands.The length of the forewings is about 25 mm. The head and thorax upperside are deep olive green with a dark mesial stripe. The abdomen upperside is blackish olive with a pair of black basal spots and large black lateral patches. The palpus middle of the thorax and abdomen basal segment undersides are dirty grey.
 Nang! is a general interest magazine based in Aldgate London. Aimed at 14-21 year olds the magazine is free and is distributed at sixth forms colleges universities libraries and Connexions centres in the London area on a quarterly basis. In December 2006 Nang! was presented with one of the prestigious Philip Lawrence Awards for services to the local community.
 Onésime Gagnon PC (1888–1961) was a Canadian politician and the 20th Lieutenant Governor of Québec.
 The Burmese spitting cobra (Naja mandalayensis) also called Mandalay spitting cobra is a species of spitting cobra in the Elapidae family that is native to Burma.
 Gołuszyn [ɡɔˈwuʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Bieżuń 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Żuromin and 107 km (66 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Enderby's Dark Lady or No End to Enderby is a 1984 novel by Anthony Burgess the final volume in the Enderby series. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Hutchinson.The protagonist was killed off in the third book The Clockwork Testament or Enderby's End (1975) but Burgess later considered this a mistake and brought the character back for one more book.
 Monsters in Love is the fifth studio album by the French rock band Dionysos released 29 August 2005 and produced by John Parish. The album features songs in both English and French.
 Jaffna Teaching Hospital is a government hospital in Jaffna Sri Lanka. It is the leading hospital in the Northern Province and the only hospital in the province controlled by the central government in Colombo. The hospital is the only teaching hospital in the Northern Province. The hospital is the main clinical teaching facility for the University of Jaffna's Faculty of Medicine.
 María Vega Pagán (born October 9 1977) is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the New Progressive Party (PNP). She was a member of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives from 2009 to 2013 representing District 11.
 District Jail Sheikhupura is an ancient Jail situated in Sheikhupura Pakistan.
 St Andrew's Church Bywell is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Bywell Northumberland England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The Nesheim Bridge near McVille North Dakota is a Pratt through truss structure that was built in 1904. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It was argued significant partly because it is the oldest documented metal truss bridge in Nelson County. It was built in 1904 as a replacement to a bridge named Sampson Crossing that was deemed in 1904 to be 'entirely useless' by county commissioners.
 Christopher Parsons Wolcott was a Republican politician from the state of Ohio. He was Ohio Attorney General 1856-1860 and First Assistant Secretary of War 1862-1863.Wolcott was born December 17 1820 in Wolcott Connecticut. In 1833 he was moved to Steubenville Ohio and attended public schools. He attended Washington College in Pennsylvania where he graduated in 1840. He read law with Tappan & Stanton in Steubenville and was admitted to the bar and began practice in Ravenna Ohio.
 John T. Sparks (August 30 1843 – May 22 1908) was an American politician. He was the tenth Governor of Nevada and was nicknamed Honest John. Like his predecessor Reinhold Sadler Sparks was a cattleman and his rise to political power was evidence of the decline of the mining industry and the rise of the ranching industry in Nevada. He was a member of the Silver – Democratic Party.
 Edwina Hart MBE AM (born 26 April 1957) is a Welsh Labour politician who has represented the constituency of Gower since the National Assembly for Wales was established in 1999. Hart was appointed Minister for Business Enterprise Technology & Science in the Welsh Government in May 2011.
 Allentown State Hospital was a psychiatric hospital located at 1600 Hanover Ave. in Allentown Pennsylvania. It served the counties of Lehigh Northampton Carbon Monroe Pike and occasionally eastern Schuylkill. It was one of seven remaining psychiatric hospitals in Pennsylvania.
 Breaker is the third album released by German heavy metal band Accept. It was once again recorded at Delta-Studio in Wilster with Dirk Steffens producing and was the first Accept album engineered by Michael Wagener. Bassist Peter Baltes sings lead vocal on Breaking Up Again and the bridge vocal on Midnight Highway.After the unsuccessful attempt at commercialism on I'm a Rebel Accept decided not to allow any more outside people to influence the band.
 Goraniec [ɡɔˈraɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniejewo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Lake Murati is a lake of Estonia.
 Chadwick Farmhouse is a historic home located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. It was built about 1870 and is a two story five bay frame building with picturesque late-Victorian style eclectic features. It features a truncated hipped roof with prominent cross gables. Also on the property is a contributing dairy and springhouse.The property was covered in a 1984 study of Duanesburg historical resources.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Hasten Down The Wind is a Grammy Award-winning 1976 album by singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt and her third straight million-selling album. Ronstadt was the first female artist in history to accomplish this feat. The album earned her a Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Performance Female in early 1977 her second of a record 11 Grammys.
 The Blood-Horse is an international weekly news magazine published by Blood-Horse Publications that originated in 1916 as a monthly bulletin put out by the Thoroughbred Horse Association.In 1935 the business was purchased by the American Thoroughbred Breeders Association.
 The Bullfrog Hills are a small range of mountains in southern Nye County Nevada. The historic Rhyolite Nevada mining district was in the Bullfrog Hills and the Tonopah and Tidewater Railroad crossed the hills to its Rhyolite station via the Bullfrog Goldfield Railroad. The Bullfrog mining district was located along the south margin of the hills.
 Disco 4 also known as Disco Four is the eighteenth album by the UK electronic music duo Pet Shop Boys and the fourth in the band's Disco series. It was released on 8 October 2007 on compact disc and vinyl. It was not released on digital download due to licensing difficulties for each track.The album is mainly a compilation of Pet Shop Boys remixes of songs by other artists a first among any of their releases to date.
 Leonard Hall is a historic educational building located on the campus of Shaw University in Raleigh North Carolina. Built in 1881 and originally named Leonard Medical Center (then Leonard Medical School) Leonard Hall was established when medical schools were professionalizing.
 Exit the Dragon Enter the Tiger (Chinese title: 天皇巨星; Cantonese: Tian huang ju xing) also released as Bruce Lee: The Star of Stars is a 1976 Bruceploitation film starring Bruce Li as David Lee. The title is a play on the Bruce Lee film Enter the Dragon and is one of the most well-known films in the Bruceploitation genre.
 The Revista Colombiana de Química (English: Colombian Journal of Chemistry) is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal on chemistry published by the National University of Colombia. It publishes original contributions of applied and basic research on chemistry including analytical organic inorganic bio- and physical chemistry. Articles are published in Spanish with abstracts translated into English and Portuguese.
 James E. Tierney (born April 12 1947 in Brooklyn New York) is a Maine politician. At 25 Tierney was elected to the Maine House of Representatives as a Democrat from Lisbon Maine. After eight years in the Maine Legislature where at the age of 29 he was elected Majority Leader Tierney became the Maine Attorney General. He served in that capacity for ten years during which time he was active on a wide variety of state and national issues.
 Beatrice and Virgil is Canadian writer Yann Martel's third novel. First published in April 2010 it contains an allegorical tale about representations of the Holocaust. It tells the story of Henry a novelist who receives the manuscript of a play in a letter from a reader.
 Special Herbs Vol. 3 is an album of instrumental works released by MF Doom under the Metal Fingers moniker the third release in his Special Herbs series. Following the pattern set by previous installments of the series each track is named after a herb or similar flora. Owing to differences in record labels and overlaps in track listings this album also makes up the first part of the next installment in the series Special Herbs Vol. 4.
 Chợ Rẫy Hospital is the largest general hospital in Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam founded in 1900 during the French colonial rule as Hôpital Municipal de Cholon.
 The Clain is a 144 km long river in western France left tributary of the river Vienne. Its source is near Hiesse in the Charente department.The Clain flows generally north through the following departments and towns:CharenteVienne: Pressac Vivonne Poitiers.It joins the Vienne near Châtellerault in Cenon-sur-Vienne.Among its tributaries are the Clouère and the Vonne.
 Live 1976 is a live video by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult released in 1991 in Europe by Castle Communications on VHS 15 years after the recording that is on the tape. It was recorded in suburban Maryland (The Washington DC Metro area) during the tour for their Agents of Fortune album and included the same lineup that was featured on that album. The concert was also released as a live album on CD with the same track listing.
 Galore: The Singles 1987-1997 is the second singles compilation by The Cure. It contains singles from the years 1987–1997. The song Wrong Number is the only new song on the album.
 Normal (also known as Angels Gone) is a film adaptation of playwright Anthony Neilson's 1991 work Normal: The Düsseldorf Ripper a fictional account of serial killer Peter Kürten's life told from the point of view of his defense lawyer. With Milan Kňažko as Kürten Dagmar Veškrnová as his wife and Pavel Gajdoš as his lawyer Dr. Justus Wehner; directed by Julius Ševčík lensed by Antonio Riestra. Released in Czech Republic on 26 March 2009.
 Amphidromus perversus is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae.Amphidromus perversus is the type species of the genus Amphidromus by the subsequent designation of Eduard von Martens (1860).
 San Mateo Creek is a stream in Southern California in the United States whose watershed mostly straddles the border of Orange and San Diego Counties. It is about 22 miles (35 km) long flowing in a generally southwesterly direction.
 Uroptychodes is a genus of squat lobsters in the family Chirostylidae containing the following species: Uroptychodes albatrossae (Baba 1988) Uroptychodes barunae Baba 2004 Uroptychodes benedicti (Baba 1977) Uroptychodes epigaster Baba 2004 Uroptychodes grandirostris (Yokoya 1933) Uroptychodes mortenseni (Van Dam 1939) Uroptychodes musorstomi Baba 2004 Uroptychodes nowra (Ahyong & Poore 2004) Uroptychodes okutanii (Baba 1981a) Uroptychodes spinimarginatus (Henderson 1885) Uroptychodes spinulifer (Van Dam 1940)↑
 Raul del Mar (born March 20 1941) is a Filipino politician. A member of the Lakas-CMD Party and the Bando Osmeña - Pundok Kauswagan regional party he has been elected to six terms as a Member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines representing the First District of Cebu City. He was elected to three consecutive terms in Congress beginning in 1987 until 1998 and was elected to another three consecutive terms in 2001 2004 and 2007.
 Lloyd Edgar Lenard (July 29 1922 – June 11 2008) was an American businessman from Shreveport and a former Caddo Parish commissioner author United States Navy officer civic leader and a pioneer in the establishment of the two-party system in his native Louisiana.
 Luz Eufemia Vela Gutiérrez —better known as Lucé Vela— is the wife of former Governor of Puerto Rico Luis Fortuño. She was the First Lady a position she held while her husband was in office from 2009 to 2013 and the mother of triplets María Luisa Guillermo Luis and Luis Roberto.
 Mount Pentelicus or Pentelikon (Greek: Πεντέλη Πεντελικόν or Πεντελικό Όρος) is a mountain range in Attica Greece situated northeast of Athens and southwest of Marathon. Its highest point is the peak Pyrgari elevation 1109 m. The mountain is covered in large part with forest (about 60 or 70%) and can be seen from southern Athens (Attica) the Pedia plain Parnitha and the southern part of the northern suburbs of Athens.
 Young Adult is a 2011 American comedy-drama film directed by Jason Reitman from a screenplay written by Diablo Cody and starring Charlize Theron. Reitman and Cody worked together previously on Juno (2007). Young Adult had a limited release on December 9 2011 and a wide release on December 16 to generally positive reviews.
 Halo is the debut album of Azonic released on July 1 1994 through Strata Records.
 Lameh Dasht (Persian: لمعه دشت‎ also Romanized as Lam‘eh Dasht; also known as Lumadasht and Lyumedesht) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1079 in 255 families.
 Eurypodea is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 The Bolton Center Historic District is the historic center of the town of Bolton Massachusetts. The district encompasses what is essentially a linear town center strung out principally along Main Street (Massachusetts Route 117). Although the town's first meetinghouse (built c. 1740 and no longer extant) lay outside the current center by the early 19th century the town's focus had moved to the main east-west road through the town (now Route 117).
 Bharathi (Tamil: பாரதி) is a National Film Award-winning 2000 Indian Tamil-language film starring Sayaji Shinde Devayani and Nizhalgal Ravi. It is a biographical film based on the life of Mahakavi Subramaniya Bharathiyaar.The film was directed by Gnana Rajasekaran and won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil for the year 2000.
 The Oliver's Gift is a Chesapeake Bay log canoe built in 1947 by Oliver Duke. She measures 30'-7 long has a beam of 7'-3. She one of the last 22 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay racing log canoes that carry on a tradition of racing on the Eastern Shore of Maryland that has existed since the 1840s. She is located at Davidsonville Anne Arundel County Maryland.She was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Mount Sherman is a fourteener in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the Mosquito Range approximately eight miles south of Mount Lincoln. It lies on the border between Lake and Park County approximately seven miles east-southeast of Leadville.Mount Sherman which has an elevation of 14043 feet (4280 m) is one of the most nondescript of the fourteeners and one of the easiest to climb ; it is recommended as a beginner fourteener.
 Ilan Shavit (Hebrew: אילן שביט born 31 July 1958) is an Israeli lawyer businessman and entrepreneur. Shavit is a founding partner of the commercial and corporate Tel Aviv law firm Shavit Bar-On Gal-On Tzin Yagur Law Offices.
 William Wartenbee Johnson (August 26 1826–March 2 1887) was a Republican politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who was an Ohio Supreme Court Judge 1880–1886.
 The San Juan de Micay River is a river of Colombia. It drains into the Pacific Ocean.
 The Great Myna (Acridotheres grandis) is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family. It is found in northeast India through southeast Asia.
 The Hon. Neil Francis Costa is a Gibraltarian barrister and politician affiliated to the Gibraltar Liberal Party (GLP). As of December 2011 he was MP at the Gibraltar Parliament as Minister for Tourism Public Transport Commercial Affairs and the Port.
 William Duane Morgan (1817–1887) was a newspaper editor and Democratic politician. He owned papers in the U. S. States of Pennsylvania and later Ohio. He was also Ohio State Auditor 1852-1856.William Duane Morgan was born to a prominent family in Washington County Pennsylvania. In 1837 he and his brother Thomas Jefferson Morgan owned and edited the Washington County Democratic newspaper Our Country.In 1840 he moved to New Lisbon Ohio where he owned the Ohio Patriot.
 Putkowice Nagórne [putkɔˈvit͡sɛ naˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The Medium (also known as Medium Rare) is Singapore's first full-length English language film. It was released in local cinemas in late 1991 and produced by Singaporean Errol Pang. It was initially supposed to be directed by a Singaporean Tony Yeow then by an American Stan Barret and finally by Arthur Smith who was British. The Medium was initially seen as a revival of the local film industry. Starring Brenda Bakke Margaret Chan and Dore Kraus.
 The Gorgon is a 1964 British horror film directed by Terence Fisher for Hammer Films.It stars Peter Cushing Christopher Lee Barbara Shelley and Richard Pasco. The film was photographed by Michael Reed and designed by Bernard Robinson. For the score James Bernard combined a soprano with a little-known electronic instrument called the Novachord.
 Karadede is a village in the District of Pazaryeri Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 133 people.
 Don's Plum is a 2001 low-budget black and white drama film directed by R. D. Robb. Robb co-wrote it with Bethany Ashton Tawd Hackman David Stutman and Dale Wheatley. The film features Leonardo DiCaprio Kevin Connolly and Tobey Maguire who make crude jokes while hanging out in a Los Angeles diner. It was filmed in 1995–96. It was later agreed between DiCaprio Maguire Stutman Wheatley and Jerry Meadors that the film would be released outside the US and Canada only.
 El Potrero (Catamarca) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Touchstone Magazine is a bimonthly publication of the Fellowship of St. James. It is subtitled A Journal of Mere Christianity which replaced A Journal of Ecumenical Orthodoxy.
 Ashniz-e Bala (Persian: اشنيزبالا‎ also Romanized as Ashnīz-e Bālā; also known as Ashnīz) is a village in Bafruiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Meybod County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 15 families.
 I Don't Even Know is the eighth solo album by former Parliament-Funkadelic keyboardist Bernie Worrell. The album was released in 2010 by PurpleWOO Productions Inc.
 Ukraine: A History is a 1988 book on the history of Ukraine written by Orest Subtelny a professor of history and political science at York University Toronto Canada. It is a comprehensive survey of the history of the geographical area encompassed by what is modern-day Ukraine.
 Loaded first published in 1994 is a British magazine for men that is considered to be the original lads' mag. Its motto is For men who should know better. At its peak in the late 1990s it sold over 450000 copies each month but by 2013 had collapsed to below 30000.
 Mink Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Located at the head of Leigh Canyon Mink Lake is 0.90 miles (1.45 km) south of Maidenform Peak.
 Northern Songs: Canada's Best and Brightest is a compilation album of songs performed by some of Canada's best and brightest musicians released in September 2008 under Rhino Records and sold exclusively at Starbucks locations through their Hear Music label.
 Star Wars Encyclopedia is a 1998 reference book written by Stephen J. Sansweet the director of content management at Lucasfilm and science fiction author. The book defines explains and illustrates the characters creatures settings objects events and concepts that appear in the science fiction saga Star Wars. Data is drawn from the original trilogy films radio dramas novels short stories graphic novels and computer games.
 No After You Sir... is a compilation album by Australian rock band You Am I released in 2003. The album was released in the United Kingdom only.
 April Fool's Day is a 2008 American horror film which is a direct-to-DVD remake of the 1986 film of the same name. It is directed by The Butcher Brothers also known as Mitchell Altieri and Phil Flores who also directed the vampire film The Hamiltons. April Fool's Day is described by star Scout Taylor-Compton as Mean Girls crossed with horror and was released straight to DVD release on March 25 2008. The film received negative reviews from critics and fans.
 The Evil Clergyman is an excerpt from a letter written by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft in 1933. After his death it was published in the April 1939 issue of Weird Tales as a short story.The letter to his friend Bernard Austin Dwyer recounted a dream that Lovecraft had had. Although Lovecraft frequently based stories on his dreams An H. P.
 Singularity (ISBN 0-9745734-4-2) is a novel by Bill DeSmedt published by Per Aspera Press on November 8 2004.It is based on the theory that the Tunguska Event was caused by a micro black hole.
 The Titanic Memorial is a granite statue in southwest Washington D.C. that honors the men who gave their lives so that women and children might be saved during the RMS Titanic disaster. The thirteen-foot-tall figure is of a partly clad male figure with arms outstretched. The statue was erected by the Women's Titanic Memorial Association.The memorial is located on P Street SW next to the Washington Channel near Fort Lesley J. McNair.
 The Truth About Cats & Dogs is a 1996 American romantic comedy film starring Janeane Garofalo Uma Thurman Ben Chaplin and Jamie Foxx. It was directed by Michael Lehmann and written by Audrey Wells. The original music score was composed by Howard Shore. The film is a romantic comedy in the style of Cyrano de Bergerac where two women date the same man and it puts tension on their estranged friendship.
 Donald MacInnes born Donald McInnes (26 May 1824 – 1 December 1900) was a Canadian businessman and politician. Born in Oban Scotland the son of Duncan McInnes and Johanna Stuart McInnes’s family emigrated to Upper Canada in 1840 and settled in Ontario. He was married on April 30 1863 to Mary Amelia Robinson they had five sons and a daughter. MacInnes was for several years one of the leading merchants in Canada.
 Work: A Story of Experience first published in 1873 is a semi-autobiographical novel by Louisa May Alcott the author of Little Women set in the times before and after the American Civil War.It is one of several nineteenth-century novels [which] uncovers the changes in women's work in the new industrial era as well as the dilemmas tensions and the meaning of that work. The story depicts the struggles of a young woman trying to support herself.
 Erich von Falkenhayn (11 September 1861 – 8 April 1922) was a German soldier and Chief of the General Staff during the first two years of World War I. He became a military writer after World War I.
 Deykudarkhalk (Persian: ديكودارخلك‎ also Romanized as Deyḵūdārkhalḵ) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Glistening Pleasure is the title of the debut album by Seattle-based rock band Natalie Portman's Shaved Head (now Brite Futures) released in the United States through Team Swam Records on July 15 2008.
 Nadendla Manohar is an Indian politician who has served in the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly including as holder of the office of Speaker. He represents Tenali constituency. He belongs to the Indian National Congress party.
 David John Johnson (born December 17 1945) is a politician in Ontario Canada. He was the mayor of East York from 1982 to 1993 a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1993 to 1999 and a senior cabinet minister in the government of Mike Harris.
 Diner is a 1982 American comedy-drama written and directed by Barry Levinson. The film is Levinson's screen directing debut and the first of Levinson's four Baltimore Films set in his hometown during the 1940s '50s and '60s: Diner (1982) Tin Men (1987) Avalon (1990) and Liberty Heights (1999).
 Luis A. Berdiel Rivera (born October 8 1962 in Adjuntas Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican politician and member of the Senate of Puerto Rico since 2009. He is affiliated with the pro-statehood New Progressive Party (PNP) and had also served as a Municipal Legislator in Adjuntas.
 Lyngen Church (Norwegian: Lyngen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Lyngseidet. The church is part of the Lyngen parish in the Nord-Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1782 and was extensively remodeled in 1846. The roof is made of red panels and the steeple is clad in copper. The church seats about 300 people.
 Werejce [vɛˈrɛi̯t͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wierzbica 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Chełm and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Kimberly B. Cheney (born November 25 1935) served as Vermont's attorney general from 1973 to 1975.
 Ghosthouse (Italian: La Casa 3) is the unofficial Italian sequel to Evil Dead II (released as La Casa 2 in Italy). The film was produced in 1988 by exploitation auteur Joe D'Amato and directed by veteran Umberto Lenzi. In Italy The Evil Dead was released under the title La Casa and Evil Dead II became La Casa II. These were followed by three films: La Casa 3 La Casa 4 and La Casa 5.
 Mazraeh-ye Mohammad (Persian: مزرعه محمد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Moḩammad) is a village in Jabal Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Le Peuple ('The People') was a French language daily newspaper published from Brussels Belgium founded in 1884. Le Peuple was the central organ of the Belgian Labour Party. Jean Volders was the founding editor-in-chief of the newspaper. Prominent contributors to the newspaper included Emile Vandervelde Camille Huysmans Louis Bertrand J. Wauters I. Delvigne and Louis de Brouckère.
 Song of Russia is a 1944 American war film made and distributed by MGM Studios. The picture was credited as being directed by Gregory Ratoff though Ratoff collapsed near the end of the five-month production and was replaced by László Benedek who completed principal photography; the credited screenwriters were Paul Jarrico and Richard J. Collins.
 Guide Rock whose Pawnee name is Pa-hur or Pahur is a hill in south central Nebraska in the United States. In the traditional Pawnee religion it was one of five dwelling places of spirit animals with miraculous powers.In 1806 Zebulon Pike found a large Pawnee village nearby; he persuaded the inhabitants to lower the flag of Spain and replace it with that of the United States. The hill's English name was given to the nearby village of Guide Rock Nebraska.
 A Deepness in the Sky is a Hugo Award–winning science fiction novel by Vernor Vinge. Published in 1999 the novel is a loose prequel (set twenty thousand years earlier) to his earlier novel A Fire Upon the Deep (1992). The title is coined by one of the story's main characters in a debate in a reference to the hibernating habits of his species and to the vastness of space.
 Acco fasciata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Vos and van Mastrigt in 2007. It is found in Indonesia (Irian Jaya).
 Pheidole loki is a species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Buck Rogers in the 25th Century is an American science fiction film released in March 1979. Starring Gil Gerard in the title role it was produced by Glen A. Larson who co-wrote the screenplay with Leslie Stevens based on the character Buck Rogers which was created by Philip Francis Nowlan in 1928.Originally made as a television movie pilot Universal Studios opted to release the film to theaters several months before the subsequent television series aired.
 Advanced Engineering Materials is a peer-reviewed materials science journal published monthly in collaboration with three important European materials societies namely the DGM in Germany the SF2M in France and the SVMT in Switzerland. The members of these societies all receive the journal.
 Please Mr. Lostman is an album released by The Pillows on January 22 1997. After a series of successful singles such as Strange Chameleon and Swanky Street it would become the band's breakthrough album.[citation needed] The record's title is a play on Please Mr. Postman by The Marvelettes.
 The Fish River is a waterway in the U.S. state of Alaska. The 47-mile (76 km) long river rises in the Bendeleben Mountains and flows south to Golovnin Lagoon before emptying into Golovnin Bay Norton Sound and the Bering Sea. The basin formed by the Fish River is known for its placer gold deposits and in particular the Niukluk River and its tributaries; production from this tributary valley is reported to be more than from any other place in the region.
 Van den Bos is a small lunar crater that is joined to the south-southwestern outer rim of the slightly larger crater Tamm. About one crater diameter to the west is Vil'ev. Farther away to the east is the prominent Chaplygin and to the south-southwest lies Marconi. van den Bos is located on the far side of the Moon and cannot be viewed directly from the Earth.This is a shallow crater formation with some wear along its rim.
 Do What You Want is an album released in 1999 by New Zealand band Garageland by recording label Flying Nun Records.
 Romanki [rɔˈmanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Blizanów 13 km (8 mi) north of Kalisz and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Libero is a political youth magazine published in Finland. The magazine targets left-wing youth in the country.
 Hidden Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Hidden Lake is off designated trails but can reached by way a trailhead off the Cascade River Road from Snoqualmie National Forest. The distance from the trailhead to the lake is 4.5 mi (7.2 km) one way to the overlook and another 0.8 mi (1.3 km) rock scramble through a boulder field to the lakeshore.
 Protuliocnemis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mitra belcheri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Haven't You Heard: The Best of Patrice Rushen is a compilation by R&B and jazz singer Patrice Rushen. It was released in 1996. This is the first of several greatest hits compilations for Rushen. The album included some of her best-known works including Haven't You Heard Never Gonna Give You Up Forget Me Nots Number One and Watch Out.
 Benjamin Tappan (May 25 1773 – April 20 1857) was an Ohio judge and Democratic politician who served in the Ohio State Senate and the United States Senate. He was an early settler of the Connecticut Western Reserve in northeastern Ohio and was one of the first settlers in Portage County and the founder of the city of Ravenna Ohio.
 Raleigh Hotel was an historic high-rise office and then hotel building located in Washington D.C. United States on 12th Street N.W. and Pennsylvania Avenue in the downtown neighborhood.
 Hodgeston Parish Church is a redundant church in the village of Hodgeston some 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) southeast of Lamphey Pembrokeshire Wales. It is designated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 Drusilasaura is an extinct genus of possible lognkosaurian titanosaur sauropod dinosaur which lived during the late Cretaceous (Cenomanian-Turonian stage) of Santa Cruz Province of southern Patagonia Argentina.Drusilasaura is known from the holotype MPM-PV 2097/1 to 2097/19 a partial skeleton including four dorsal vertebrae a sacral vertebra six caudal vertebrae a left scapula dorsal rib fragments and other fragments.
 My Sister Eileen is an American comedy stage production written by Joseph A. Fields and Jerome Chodorov based on autobiographical short stories by Ruth McKenney. The stories were originally published in The New Yorker and then collected and published as the book My Sister Eileen (1938).The plot focuses on Ruth and Eileen Sherwood sisters from Ohio who relocate to New York City in search of fame and fortune.
 Kodurupaka is one of the oldest villages in the Karimnagar district of Andhra Pradesh India. It is located 21 km away from Karimnagar on the highway from Karimnagar to Vemulawada. There is bus service to the town. This place is soon getting destroyed under the Sri Ram Sagar Project that covers almost 14 villages.The actual place of interest is not exactly at the Kodurupaka Stage but the entire village is concentrated deep inside which is 2 km away from the main road.
 A Wild Sheep Chase (羊をめぐる冒険 Hitsuji o meguru bōken) is the third novel by Japanese author Haruki Murakami. First published in Japan in 1982 it was translated into English in 1989. It is an independent sequel to Pinball 1973 and the third book in the so-called Trilogy of the Rat. It won the 1982 Noma Literary Newcomer's Prize.In A Wild Sheep Chase Murakami blends elements of American and English literature with Japanese contexts exploring post-WWII Japanese cultural identity.
 Oomakkuyil Padumbol (Malayalam: ഊമക്കുയിൽ പാടുമ്പോൾ; English: When the Mute Nightingale Sings) is a 2012 Malayalam children's film produced and directed by Siddique Chennamangalloor starring Malavika Nair Akash Roshan Shankar and Sangeetha Rajendran in the lead roles.
 Lakeview Guest House is an official residence of the Andhra Pradesh Government. It was built during the time of the Last Nizam. It is located on Raj Bhavan Road.
 Cyclophora subrosea is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea and on Seram.
 Eyes of the Soul is a lost 1919 silent film romantic drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures and Artcraft. The star of the picture is Elsie Ferguson and director is Emile Chautard.
 Ashes from Hell is a 4-track EP from American death metal band Possessed. The record was released on June 6 2006 purposely (the digits of this date being 06/06/06) by Boneless Records. It is an official 7 vinyl that has rare mixes and live performances.
 Deadline is a four-issue mini-series that was printed by Marvel Comics in 2002 chronicling the first appearance of Kat Farrell as a newspaper reporter in New York City stumbling onto a murder case. Kat works at the Daily Bugle and dealt with major Bugle employees Betty Brant Ben Urich Robbie Robertson and J. Jonah Jameson.
 Ben Cruachan (Gaelic: Cruach na Beinne) is a 1126 m mountain that is the highest point in Argyll and Bute Scotland. It gives its name to the Cruachan Dam a pumped-storage hydroelectric power station located in a cavern inside the mountain Cruachan! is the Battle cry for Highland clans Campbell and MacIntyre.It is the high point of a ring of mountains known as the Cruachan Horseshoe that surrounds the power station reservoir.
 Stepniczka [stɛpˈnit͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 225.
 The Great Dinosaur Robbery is a now out-of-print book released in 1970 and written by David Eliades and Robert Forrest Webb under the pseudonym of David Forrest. The book was later the basis for the 1975 film One of Our Dinosaurs Is Missing.
 Biffen och Bananen (the Beef and the Banana) was a comic strip by Rit-Ola (Jan-Erik Garland) originally published in Folket i Bild in 1936 where it ran until 1978. The strip was also published in albums and in the Swedish comic book 91:an.
 Étang de Thau (French pronunciation: ​[etɑ̃ də to]; Occitan: Estanh de Taur) or Bassin de Thau is the largest of a string of étangs (lakes) that stretch along the Languedoc-Roussillon French coast from the Rhône River to the foothills of the Pyrenees which form the border to Spain. It is the second largest lake in France.
 Avalon Life Saving Station is located in Avalon Cape May County New Jersey United States. The station was built in 1894 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 2 1979.
 Kushiel's Scion is the 2006 novel by Jacqueline Carey following on from the Kushiel's Legacy trilogy (Kushiel's Dart Kushiel's Chosen and Kushiel's Avatar). It is the first part of the Imriel Trilogy followed by Kushiel's Justice and Kushiel's Mercy.
 Thompson Pond is a fresh water pond in central Massachusetts near North Spencer and Paxton. It is part of the Chicopee River Watershed.
 The Slana Roadhouse on Nabesna Road in Slana Alaska in the Valdez-Cordova Census Area is a historic site dating to 1928. Also known as AHRS Site No. NAB-00356 the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The listing included four contributing buildings on 5 acres (2.0 ha).The roadhouse building is a log building about 32 by 45 feet (9.8 m × 13.7 m) in dimension and was built by homesteader Lawrence DeWitt in 1928 near the Slana River.
 Duzangan (Persian: دوزنگان‎ also Romanized as Dūzangān Doozangan and Dozānghān; also known as Dūzīgān and Kalāteh Dūzangun) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 6 families.
 Equinox is the fifth album by Styx released in December 1975.The album was the band's first release for A&M Records (with whom they signed earlier in 1975 after the unexpected success of the single Lady).The album also marked the final appearance of original Styx guitarist John Curulewski who left the band abruptly following the release of Equinox. The band went into a frantic search to find a replacement for their upcoming tour to support Equinox.
 Old Partner (Hangul: 워낭 소리; RR: Wonang Sori literally Cowbell Sound) is a 2008 South Korean documentary film directed by Lee Chung-ryoul regarding a relationship between a 40-year-old cow and an old farmer in his 80s. The film is set in the small rural town of Hanul-ri in Sangun-myeon Bonghwa County North Gyeongsang Province.
 Aarohanam (English: Crescendo) is 2012 Tamil drama film directed by actress-turned-director Lakshmy Ramakrishnan. It stars Viji Chandrasekhar Jayaprakash Uma Padmanabhan and Rajee Vijayasarathy among others. According to the director the film revolves around a missing mother who suffers from bipolar disorder. The film received mostly positive reviews with some critics calling it the best Tamil film of the year.
 Letter From Home is a 2000 film starring Tom Vitorino and Kim Savant.
 Leaving the Ways is an EP by The Briggs and was released on July 27 2004.
 Deretürbelinas is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Raveendra Geethangal is a 2005 studio album composed by Malayalam Film Music director Raveendran.
 CESifo Economic Studies is a journal on economics published by the CESifo Group. It was established as ifo Studien in 1955 and obtained its current title in 2002. The journal is abstracted and indexed by the Social Sciences Citation Index Current Contents/Social and Behavioral Sciences EconLit International Bibliography of the Social Sciences Journal Citation Reports/Social Sciences Edition ProQuest RePEc Scopus Social Science Research Network and Social SciSearch.
 The Willis-Selden Historic District is a historic district located in Detroit Michigan consisting of three streets: Willis Alexandrine and Selden Running from Woodward Avenue on the east to Third Avenue on the west. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Sun Building (also known as the Baltimore Sun Building or American Bank Building) is an historic building located at 1317 F Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the in Downtown Washington D.C. neighborhood.
 Qaidi is a 1984 Hindi Action film directed by S S Ravichandra and produced by G Hanumantha Rao. The film features JeetendraShatrughan SinhaMadhvi as main characters.Apart from roleKader Khan had also written the dialogues for the film while Veeru Devgan was an action director.
 Speak Easily is a 1932 American comedy film starring Buster Keaton Jimmy Durante and Thelma Todd and directed by Edward Sedgwick. The studio also paired Keaton and Durante as a comedy team during this period in The Passionate Plumber and What! No Beer? Keaton later used many of the physical gags he created for this film later when he wrote (uncredited) gags for the Marx Brothers A Night At The Opera.
 The Awakening is a 2007 album by rock singer Melissa Etheridge and her ninth studio album. It was released on September 25 2007. The rock album conveys Etheridge's current autobiographical religious and political perspectives. Etheridge made the album to convey parts of her story and journey along with her love for God. In the album's booklet she included a letter to all who buy it starting with Dear Friend.The album debuted at number 13 on the U.S.
 Concordville Historic District is a national historic district located at Concordville Delaware County Pennsylvania. The district includes six contributing buildings in Concordville. Four of the buildings are the Newlin Tenant House Concord Orthodox Meeting Samuel Trimble House and 1856 Brick House.
 Suitcase is the ninth studio album by Delta blues artist Keb' Mo' (real name Kevin Moore) released in June 2006. Suitcase sees Moore re-unite with producer John Porter who helped Moore put together his first few commercial releases up to Slow Down where the two started working on projects with others. In this lieu Moore worked with a variety of producers gaining a varied production experience along with producing himself.
 The Reunion (Danish: Klassefesten) is a 2011 Danish comedy film directed by Niels Nørløv.
 The Pigmy short-horned lizard (Phrynosoma douglassii) is a small lizard that occurs in North America. Like other horned lizards it is often called the horned toad or horny toad but it is not a toad at all. It is a reptile not an amphibian.
 Słuchocin [swuˈxɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Węgrów and 66 km (41 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Pine Lake is a lake located in the city of Sammamish Washington USA about 20 miles east of downtown Seattle. Surrounded by private homes and a city park it is a popular recreation and fishing spot.
 Dorothy Liu Yiu-chu (8 July 1934 – 31 March 1997) was a prominent Hong Kong pro-Beijing politician and lawyer. She was well known for her independent and outspoken image as she was one of the few members of the pro-Beijng camp who was willing to stand up to Beijing.
 The Pârâul Sărat is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now published in 1993 is African American writer and poet Maya Angelou's first book of essays. It was published shortly after she recited her poem On the Pulse of Morning at President Bill Clinton's 1993 inauguration. Journey consists of a series of short essays often autobiographical along with two poems and has been called one of Angelou's wisdom books.
 Frankenstein's Castle of Freaks (originally Terror! Il castello delle donne maledette) is a 1974 Italian horror film directed by Dick Randall that is Loosely based on the Mary Shelley novel Frankenstein.The film is also known as Dr. Frankenstein's Castle of Freaks (American video title) Frankenstein's Castle (British video title) Frankenstein's Castle of Freaks (American dubbed version) Monsters of Frankenstein Terror Terror Castle The House of Freaks and The Monsters of Dr. Frankenstein.
 Da Game Owe Me is the 1999 album by Playa Fly and the final album of his to be released on Super Sigg Records.
 Råbelöv Castle (Swedish: Råbelövs slott) is a castle in Kristianstad Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Sinqa (Quechua for nose hispanicized spelling Sencca also Senqa) is a 4423 metres (14511 ft) high mountain in the Andes of Peru northwest of the city of Cusco. It lies in the Cusco Region Cusco Province Cusco District and in the Anta Province Cachimayo District.Like Pachatusan Pillku Urqu and Wanakawri Sinqa is one of the mountains in the vicinity of Cusco which have been venerated as apus (sacred mountains).
 Abu Dhiba or Abu Diba is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Sangue Puro is the third album by the band Les Georges Leningrad. It was released in 2006 on Tomlab. The title Sangue Puro is Italian for Pure Blood.
 Kenneth Lee Volentine Sr. (born January 9 1941) is a livestock and dairy farmer who previously served as a state representative and sheriff of his native Claiborne Parish in north Louisiana.
 Tilku (Persian: تيلكو‎ also Romanized as Tīlkū; also known as Īrān Khvāh Īrān Shāh Mīrānshāh Mīrzā Īrānshāh and Tīlkūh) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 966 in 201 families.
 Głody [ˈɡwɔdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Perlejewo 32 km (20 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has an approximate population of 25.
 Larz Anderson Auto Museum is located on the grounds of Larz Anderson Park in Brookline Massachusetts and is the oldest collection of motorcars in the United States.The museum is a non-profit educational institution with community events lectures children’s programs walking tours of the park and an ever-changing series of exhibits on motor vehicles and the automobile's impact on society and culture.
 Bruce L. Castor Jr. (born October 24 1961) is an American lawyer and Republican politician from Montgomery County Pennsylvania. Castor was District Attorney of Montgomery County from 2000 to 2008 when he took a seat on the Montgomery County Board of Commissioners the elected position he currently holds. In addition to his governmental role Castor is a partner in the Ardmore PA based law firm of Rogers Castor LLC.
 Emamqoli Kandi-ye Olya (Persian: امامقلي كندي عليا‎ also Romanized as Emāmqolī Kandī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 45 families.
 Rock @ Roll is the seventh album by the Croatian rock band Aerodrom released through Croatia Records in 2007. The album marked the band's 30th anniversary which they celebrated at a New Year's Eve concert in Ban Jelačić Square in Zagreb. Jurica Pađen wrote all of the music and lyrics except for Fait Accompli a song co-written with Branimir Štulić and dedicated to John Lennon. Rock @ Roll was recorded as a trio with new drummer Slavko Pintarić 'Pišta'.
 Alexander is a lunar crater-like feature in the rugged surface to the north of Mare Serenitatis. It lies to the south-southwest of the prominent crater Eudoxus and to the east-northeast of Calippus.The Alexander formation has been so heavily worn and distorted with the passage of time that it now resembles little more than a lowland region enclosed by rugged ranges.
 Runaround is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov featuring his recurring characters Powell and Donovan. It was written in October 1941 and first published in the March 1942 issue of Astounding Science Fiction. It appears in the collections I Robot (1950) The Complete Robot (1982) and Robot Visions (1990).
 Puʻu o Mahuka Heiau State Historic Site on the North Shore of Oʻahu is the largest heiau on the island covering 2 acres (8100 m2) on a hilltop overlooking Waimea Bay and Waimea Valley. Puʻu o Mahuka means 'Hill of Escape'. Hawaiian legends have it that from this point Pele (Volcano Goddess) leaped from Oahu to the next island Molokai.
 Acraea ranavalona is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar and the Comoros. The habitat consists of forests. The colours may be much brighter than those shown in early collections and in museums.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Qazvineh Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 26 families.
 IEEE Transactions on Evolutionary Computation is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Computational Intelligence Society of the IEEE Computer Society. It covers research in the area of evolutionary and natural computation. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 3.341.
 Mazama Glacier is located on the southeast slopes of Mount Adams a stratovolcano in the U.S. state of Washington. Mazama Glacier is in the Yakama Indian Reservation. The glacier descends from approximately 10800 ft (3300 m) to a terminus near 7600 ft (2300 m). Mazama Glacier has been in a general state of retreat for over 100 years and lost 46 percent of its surface area between 1904 and 2006.
 Death in Ecstasy is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the fourth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1936.When lovely Cara Quayne dropped dead to the floor after drinking the ritual wine at the House of the Sacred Flame she was having a religious experience of a sort unsuspected by the other initiates.
 The Avaș River is a tributary of the Vașar River in Romania.
 A Day Called X is a dramatized CBS documentary film set in Portland Oregon in which the entire city is evacuated in anticipation of a nuclear air raid after Soviet bombers had been detected by radar stations to the north; it details the activation of the city's civil defense protocols and leads up to the moment before the attack (the ending is left intentionally unknown). The operations were run from the Kelly Butte Bunker which was the EOC during the time.
 Thieves' Clothes is a 1920 American short Western film directed by Mack V. Wright and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Paul Bradford (born 1 December 1963) is an Irish politician and member of Seanad Éireann. He sits as an independent senator having lost the Fine Gael parliamentary party whip in July 2013.
 Horse and Jockey (Irish: An Marcach) is a village in North Tipperary Ireland. It lies on the R639 road where it meets the N62 road to Thurles. It lies just off junction 6 of the M8 motorway which by-passed the village in December 2008. It is in the parish of Moycarkey in the barony of Eliogarty.
 Pieńki Królewskie [ˈpjɛɲki kruˈlɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Grudziądz and 43 km (27 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 110.The village is a home of amateur football club RUCH Pieńki Królewskie which has only youth section.
 Kovai Brothers is a 2006 Tamil-language comedy film released in India. The film stars Tamil comedians Sathyaraj Sibiraj Vadivelu Uma Kovai Sarala and Namitha. The film was dubbed in Telugu as Pokiri Brothers.
 The Sacred Hill (French: La colline inspirée) is a 1913 novel by the French writer Maurice Barrès.
 ITC Sheraton Park Hotel & Towers is a five-star hotel in Chennai India. Located on TTK Road it was one of the hotels managed by ITC Hotels Limited.
 Rififi in Amsterdam is a 1966 Dutch film directed by Giovanni Korporaal.
 Blade is a long-running consumer magazine about knife collecting.First published in 1973 under the title American Blade by Southern House Publishing Co. with Blackie Collins as the editor the magazine's title was changed to Blade in 1982 after its purchase by Jim Parker and Bruce Voyles. In the 1980s the magazine served as the launching point for an annual convention for knife collectors the Blade Show; established a Cutlery Hall of Fame; and spun off a trade magazine Blade Trade.
 Image is an American quarterly literary journal that publishes art and writing engaging or grappling with Judeo-Christian faith. The journal's byline is Art Faith Mystery. Image features fiction poetry painting sculpture architecture film music and dance.
 One Summer of Happiness (Swedish: Hon dansade en sommar - She danced for a summer) is a 1951 Swedish film by director Arne Mattsson based on the 1949 novel Sommardansen (The Summer Dance) by Per Olof Ekström. It was the first Swedish film to win the Golden Bear at the Berlin International Film Festival. It was also nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 1952 Cannes Film Festival.
 Stary Raduszec [ˈstarɨ raˈduʂɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krosno Odrzańskie within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Krosno Odrzańskie and 31 km (19 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Bagh-e Zeynab (Persian: باغ زينب‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Zeynab) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 31 families.
 Alles auf Zucker! (English: Go for Zucker) is a German comedy film released internationally in 2004. It can be seen as part of the Ossi-Wessi confrontation within Germany. Directed by Dani Levy the cast includes Henry Hübchen Hannelore Elsner Udo Samel Gołda Tencer and Steffen Groth.Director Dani Levy himself Jewish has made an ironic comedy about modern Jewish identity in present-day Germany. Henry Hübchen stars as Jaecki Zucker.
 Jijabad (Persian: جيج اباد‎ also Romanized as Jījābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 32 families.
 Nicholas Dockstader (January 4 1802 – November 9 1871) was the third mayor of Cleveland Ohio. He served only one year in 1840.Dockstader was born in Albany New York to Jacob and Angela (Hanson) Dockstader. Nicholas had two brothers Richard and Butler. Dockstader and his brothers moved to Cleveland in 1826. He soon became the leading fur trader in the Northeast Ohio region after he began dealing hats caps and furs to the local Indians.
 Simon Ramsay (born 7 March 1955) is an Australian politician representing the Liberal Party of Australia in the Victorian Legislative Council.
 Macclesfield Castle (also known as Buckingham Castle or Buckingham Palace) was a fortified manor house/castle in Macclesfield Cheshire (grid reference SJ91717358). John de Macclesfield began construction of the castle in 1398. It was made from sandstone and was square with projecting wings. Alterations were made in the 15th century and it passed through the hands of two families of earls. By 1585 the building was ruinous and all that survived to the 20th century was the porch.
 On the Edge is the fifth and final studio album by the Hard Rock band The Babys. The album was produced by Keith Olsen in 1980. Turn and Walk Away was the lone single to chart on the Billboard Hot 100.
 The Towne-Williams House on 7th St. N. in Bismarck North Dakota was built in 1885. It has also been known as the George W. Wallace House and as the Erastus A. Williams House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1975.Its NRHP nomination argued that it is the most unaltered survivor of a handful of large mansion-size residences built on the near north side of Bismarck soon after the city became the capital of Dakota Territory in 1882.
 Tribune is a democratic socialist weekly founded in 1937 published in London. It is independent but has supported the Labour Party from the left. It has alternated between appearing as a newspaper and as a magazine.
 Soma Kumari Tennakoon (June 18 1960 – September 24 2009) was a Sri Lankan politician from the Kurunegala District. She was a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and served as a top member of the Wayamba Provincial Council representing the United People's Freedom Alliance. She also held the title of chairman of Laksala. At the time of her death she was visiting Hambantota in order to help the Southern Provincial council elections.
 Awad Ibraik Ibrahim Al-Baraasi (Arabic ‫ (عوض ابريك ابراهيم البرعصي) (born 28 June 1966) is an electrical engineer and Libyan politician.
 Incognegro is debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Ludacris. It was released on August 17 1999 under Ludacris' newly founded indie record label DTP Entertainment. Most of the tracks were reused in his major label debut Back for the First Time except for Intro It Wasn't Us Midnight Train and Rock and a Hard Place.
 Death is Silent is the debut album by American producer/rapper Kno member of CunninLynguists. It was released on October 12 2010. The whole album was produced by Kno and features guest appearances by Thee Tom Hardy Tunji Nemo Substantial Sheisty Khrist CunninLynguists members Natti and Deacon the Villain and QN5 Music founder Tonedeff.
 Randall Park Mall was a shopping mall located in the village of North Randall Ohio. Despite the mall's importance to the town (it is represented by the two shopping bags appearing in the municipal seal) Randall Park Mall closed in March 2009.
 For the Weld River in Tasmania see Weld Valley.Weld River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia.The river rises below Mount Burnside in the Lake Muir State forest. The river flows in a southerly direction through the Shannon National Park until it flows into the Deep River of which it is a tributary.The water quality of the river is excellent and is considered fresh.
 Col de la Croix is an Alpine pass (1778 m.) in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.It connects Bex and Villars-sur-Ollon with Les Diablerets.
 Walkabout is a novel written by James Vance Marshall first published in 1959 as The Children. It is about two children who get lost in the Australian Outback and are helped by an Aborigine on his walkabout. A film based on the book came out in 1971 but deviated from the original plot.
 The American Record Guide (ARG) is a classical music magazine.
 The F. A. Kennedy Steam Bakery is an historic bakery at 129 Franklin Street in Cambridge Massachusetts that first produced the Fig Newton.
 The Macropodiformes are one of the three suborders of the large marsupial order Diprotodontia. Kangaroos wallabies and allies bettongs potaroos and rat kangaroos are all members of this suborder.
 The Masonic Lodge in Missoula Montana is a Beaux Arts building from 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Legacy Holladay Park Medical Center started in 1893 as Hahnemann Hospital. By 1947 the hospital had 100 beds and that year it changed its name to Holladay Park Hospital with plans to expand to 200 beds. With a merger with Physicians & Surgeons Hospital in 1985 the name was changed to Holladay Park Medical Center. At that time both hospitals were part of Metropolitan Hospitals Inc. that had been formed by Physicians & Surgeons Hospital and Emanuel Hospital.
 The Legacy is the award winning student-run newspaper at Lindenwood University which is published every Tuesday during the Fall and Spring semesters. The online version of The Legacy is hosted by College Publisher. In addition to viewing each week's stories and accessing an archive readers can check for updates for breaking news. The newspaper offices are located at The Journalism Lab inside the Spellmann Campus Center and is advised by the Lindenwood University School of Communications.
 Robert Terry Tobin (September 10 1910 — September 13 2007) was an African-American educator who became the first member of his race to have served as mayor of Minden a small city of about 13000 residents and the seat of government of Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana. Mayor Tobin's ten-month tenure in 1989 occurred before the 2000 U.S. census confirmed Minden's status as a majority black locality.
 Rožmberk (German: original Rosenberg) is a castle situated in South Bohemia near Rožmberk nad Vltavou in the Czech Republic. Considered as one of the oldest castles in Bohemia it stands on a promotory carved out on three sides by the river Vltava. It was first mentioned in 1253 in a document signed by Vok von Rosenberg. It is regarded as the cradle of the House of Rožmberk also known as the Lords of the Rose a historical Czech aristocratic family.
 The Buckingham Historic District also known as Historic Ballston Park is a national historic district located at Arlington County Virginia. It contains 151 contributing buildings in a residential neighborhood in North Arlington. They were built in six phases between 1937 and 1953 and primarily consist of two- and three-story brick garden apartment buildings in the Colonial Revival-style. There is a single three-story brick building that was built in the International style.
 Zarrin Qaba (Persian: زرين قبا‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn Qabā) is a village in Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 438 in 100 families.
 Susanne is a Danish film of 1950 directed by Torben Anton Svendsen and starring Astrid Villaume in the title role.The film won three prizes at the 1950 Bodil Awards: Best Actor (Erik Mørk) Best Actress (Astrid Villaume) and Best (Danish) Film.
 The Whipple-Cullen House and Barn is an historic colonial house on Old River Road in Lincoln Rhode Island.The American Colonial house was constructed in 1740 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Protomiselia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Bastau is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Qaleh Now (Persian: قلعه نو‎ also Romanized as Qal`eh Now) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 11 families.
 Piz Pombi (also known as Pizzo Forato) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border. It overlooks Soazza on its western side.
 The John Hancock Center at 875 North Michigan Avenue in the Streeterville area of Chicago Illinois United States is a 100-story 1127-foot (344 m) tall skyscraper constructed under the supervision of Skidmore Owings and Merrill with chief designer Bruce Graham and structural engineer Fazlur Khan. When the building topped out on May 6 1968 it was the tallest building in the world outside New York City.
 Dinah Jams is a 1954 live album by vocalist Dinah Washington. Remastered in 1990.
 Commitment sometimes known as Seal 6: Commitment is the seventh studio album by British singer Seal. It was released worldwide on 20 September 2010 with the exception of the United States where it was released on 28 September 2010. The album is produced by David Foster who also produced Seal's previous sixth studio album Soul. It debuted at number eleven on the UK Albums Chart becoming Seal's highest charting album on the chart since Seal IV in 2003.
 Palmetto is a 1998 neo-noir film directed by Volker Schlöndorff (as Volker Schlondorff) with a screenplay by E. Max Frye. It is based on the novel Just Another Sucker by James Hadley Chase. The film stars Woody Harrelson Elisabeth Shue and Gina Gershon.
 The Fântâna Seacă River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Common names: Tokara habu (トカラハブ).Trimeresurus tokarensis is a venomous pitviper species endemic to the Tokara Islands of Japan. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 The Cowles Center for Dance and the Performing Arts (formerly the Minnesota Shubert Performing Arts and Education Center) is the Twin Cities’ newest arts center and the flagship for dance in Minnesota. Centrally located in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota The Cowles Center was developed as an incubation project by Artspace Projects Inc and includes the newly refurbished 500-seat Goodale Theater (formerly The Sam S.
 The Umpqua River (/ˈʌmpkwə/ UMP-kwə) on the Pacific coast of Oregon in the United States is approximately 111 miles (179 km) long. One of the principal rivers of the Oregon Coast and known for bass and shad the river drains an expansive network of valleys in the mountains west of the Cascade Range and south of the Willamette Valley from which it is separated by the Calapooya Mountains.
 Bring on the Snakes (2001) is the second proper full-length album recorded by the indie rock band Crooked Fingers. The album was recorded and produced in Fall 2000 in Pittsboro NC by Brian Paulson and was released in February 2001.
 Prof. Saugata Roy (Bengali: সৌগত রায়; born 6 August 1947) is an Indian politician of Trinamool Congress and was the Union Minister of State for Urban Development in the Manmohan Singh government.A National Science Talent Search Scholar and a former student of St. Lawrence High School Kolkata Jogesh Chandra Chaudhuri Law College and Presidency College Kolkata he holds a post-graduate degree in Physics. He also holds a degree in Law from Calcutta University.
 Lake Lyndon is a small lake in the Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island. It is located near Porters Pass on State Highway 73 after Springfield heading into the Southern Alps. The lake regularly freezes in winter due to its elevation and location on the outer border of the Southern Alps. Native plants present in the lake include Isoetes native Pondweeds native Milfoils Charophyte species and Charophyte meadow.
 Starting Over also known by its working title Startin' Over is a 2011 extended play by American singer La Toya Jackson. The EP contains two top twenty-five U.S. Billboard Dance Club hits; Just Wanna Dance and Free the World. The autobiographical EP is described as the soundtrack to her memoir Starting Over.
 Let the Tribe Increase is the only studio album by English anarchopunk band The Mob. It was released in 1983 through record label All the Madmen and is considered an early example of the anarchopunk genre.
 Dobroszów Oleśnicki [dɔˈbrɔʂuf ɔlɛɕˈnit͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Długołęka and 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Uhlenbach (Werre) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Aghkand-e Olya (Persian: آغكند عليا‎ also Romanized as Āghkand-e ‘Olyā and Āgh Kand-e ‘Olyā; also known as Āghkand-e Bālā Ahkand Bāla and Āq Kand-e Bālā) is a village in Babarashani Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 34 families.
 Destinies Fulfilled is a 1914 American silent short film drama film directed by Lorimer Johnston. The film stars Charlotte Burton Sydney Ayres Jacques Jaccard Violet Neitz Joseph Knight Louise Lester Jack Richardson Vivian Rich and Harry Van Meter.
 Dan Gelber (born November 26 1960) is a former prosecutor a candidate for Attorney General of Florida and is a member of the Florida Senate representing the 35th District. He is a Democrat and previously represented the 106th District of the Florida House from 2000 - 2008. He also served as the Minority Leader of the Florida House of Representatives from 2006-2008.
 Don't Look Back: The Story of Leroy 'Satchel' Paige is a 1981 television film directed by Richard A. Colla. It stars Louis Gossett Jr. and Beverly Todd.
 Munki is the sixth studio album released by The Jesus and Mary Chain. After leaving Blanco y Negro the Reid brothers signed to Sub Pop in the U.S. and Creation who had released their debut single Upside Down in 1984 in the UK. The origin of the album title according to Ben Lurie in an interview with Spin magazine was that they wanted an un-Mary Chain-like title...It doesn't mean anything. It's just a word.
 Dairy Creek is a 10.55-mile (16.98 km) tributary of the Tualatin River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It begins at the confluence of its east and west forks near the unincorporated community of Schefflin and meanders southeast across the Tualatin Valley to the Tualatin River near Hillsboro in Washington County.
 Oblivion Hymns is the sixth full-length album by American ambient/post-rock band Hammock. It was released on November 26 2013 through the band's own label Hammock Music.
 Alibi (Italian: L'alibi) is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Adolfo Celi and starring Vittorio Gassman.
 Exiles was the name of two American comic book series both of which were published by Malibu Comics.
 Mir Fantastiki (Rus. Мир Фантастики a.k.a. MF or MirF) is a Russian monthly science fiction and fantasy magazine. Mir Fantastiki literally translates from Russian as World of Speculative Fiction common translations also include World of Fantasy World of Fiction or World of Fantastic. The name also refers to the website run by the magazine Mirf.ru.Mir Fantastiki used to be one of the main Russian periodical SF&F editions along with Esli and Polden XXI vek.
 That Night is a 1992 coming-of-age romantic drama film written and directed by Craig Bolotin and starring C. Thomas Howell and Juliette Lewis. It is based on the novel of the same name by Alice McDermott.This film is notable for the fact that both Eliza Dushku (of Buffy the Vampire Slayer fame) and Katherine Heigl (of Grey's Anatomy fame) made their first film appearances in it sharing a few scenes. Dushku was eleven years old at that time and Heigl was thirteen.
 Bad Family (Finnish: Paha perhe) is a 2010 Finnish drama/black comedy film written and directed by Aleksi Salmenperä and produced by Aki Kaurismäki. The film tells the story of an overly protective and controlling father who suspects incest is taking place between his own son and daughter.
 Orthogonius putzeysi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Tere Mere Sapne ('Our Dreams') is a 1996 Hindi film produced by Amitabh Bachchan's production company A.B.C.L. and directed by Joy Augustine. The film had a cast of newcomer actors consisting of Chandrachur Singh Arshad Warsi Priya Gill and Simran.
 The Golden Looper (Argyrogramma verruca) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Maine to Florida to Texas Kentucky Arizona Kansas Southern Michigan Pennsylvania Ohio Southern Ontario the Antilles Central America to Brazil to Northern Argentina and Paraguay.The wingspan is about 28 mm.
 Herbétet is a mountain in the Gran Paradiso massif a sub-group of the Graian Alps with an elevation of 3778 m. It is located between the Val di Cogne and Valsevaranche.
 Pamusiai is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 74 people.
 Strangers of the Night is a 1923 American silent comedy film directed by Fred Niblo this film is unknown to survive.
 Sinking Creek is a river in the United States state of Virginia. Due to the karst topography just west of the Virginia Tech campus the river disappears underground and then re-emerges from springs as it flows into the New River.
 The Double McGuffin is a 1979 film written and directed by Joe Camp. The film starred Ernest Borgnine and George Kennedy alongside a group of young actors some of whom later became famous including Lisa Whelchel who would go on to star in the sitcom The Facts of Life.Elke Sommer and NFL stars Ed 'Too Tall' Jones and Lyle Alzado also appear in smaller roles. The film also included a young Vincent Spano as well as Dion Pride (son of country singer Charley Pride).
 Livedelica is British progressive metal band Threshold's first live album released in 1995. It was recorded during a show on their 1995 European Tour. It is the only Threshold release to feature drummer Jay Micciche. The album itself is out of print but is now available as a bonus disc on the Special Edition of their 1994 album Psychedelicatessen.
 Marcelo Celing Briones Fernán (October 24 1927 – July 11 1999) was a Filipino lawyer and political figure. He is the only Filipino to have served as both Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and as Senate President.
 Oil! is a novel by Upton Sinclair published in 1927 told as a third person narrative. However the opening pages are written in second person. The book was written in the context of the Harding administration's Teapot Dome Scandal and takes place in Southern California. It is a social and political satire skewering the human foibles of all its characters. The main character is James Arnold Ross Jr. nicknamed Bunny son of an oil tycoon.
 The Gentleman from Nowhere is a 1948 American crime-drama film directed by William Castle.
 Zigetangcuo Lake (Chinese: 兹格塘错) is a crenogenic meromictic lake in the North Tibetan Plateau. It is located in Nagqu Prefecture north of Dongqiao. It has an area of 18700 ha and it's at an altitude of 4560 meters. It is the meromictic lake located at a highest altitude.
 The Strand Magazine was a monthly magazine founded by George Newnes composed of short fiction and general interest articles. It was first published in the United Kingdom from January 1891 to March 1950 running to 711 issues though the first issue was on sale well before Christmas 1890.Its immediate popularity is evidenced by an initial sale of nearly 300000.
 The Bobaia River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
 Lake Micmac is a small freshwater lake located in the Halifax Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia Canada.Located entirely within the community of Dartmouth Lake Micmac is also known as 'Second Lake' for its position in the Shubenacadie Canal system.The lake is bordered on three sides by roads: Waverly Road on its eastern shore Highway 118 on its western shore and Highway 111 on its southern shore; the bridge carrying this latter road also separates Lake Micmac from Lake Banook.
 Topdalsfjorden is a fjord in the municipality of Kristiansand in Vest-Agder Norway. The river Tovdalselva mouths into the fjord at the eastern side. The fjord is crossed by the Varodd Bridge.
 William Pitt Kellogg (December 8 1830 – August 10 1918) was an American lawyer and Republican Party politician who served as a United States Senator from 1868 to 1872 and from 1877 to 1883 and as the Governor of Louisiana from 1873 to 1877 during the Reconstruction Era.
 Eudonia clonodes is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Maui.
 Favartia (Favartia) perita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Live in Paris and Toronto is a two CD live album by Loreena McKennitt released in 1999. Disc one is a live performance of the studio album The Book of Secrets; disc two features songs from her albums The Visit and The Mask and Mirror.
 Czaczyk [ˈt͡ʂat͡ʂɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Śmigiel 8 km (5 mi) west of Kościan and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Reach is the only album by American country music artist Meredith Edwards. It was released in 2001 by Mercury Nashville and peaked at #24 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. The album includes the singles A Rose Is a Rose and The Bird Song.
 White Valentine (Hangul: 화이트 발렌타인; RR: Hwaiteu ballentain) is a 1999 Korean romantic film directed by Yang Yun-ho. It stars Park Shin-yang with Jun Ji-hyun in her movie debut.It is the story of a young woman who re-discovers her childhood pen pal from military service when she happens upon an epistolary exchange he sent to his dead girlfriend by a carrier pigeon.
 Lise Thibault (French pronunciation: ​[liz tibo]; born April 2 1939) is a Canadian civil servant who was appointed the 27th Lieutenant Governor of Quebec on January 30 1997. As a former viceregal representative of Elizabeth II as Queen in Right of Quebec she is styled The Honourable for life.
 The Barbarian and the Geisha is a 1958 film starring John Wayne Sam Jaffe and Japanese actress Eiko Ando set in 1850s Japan. Shot primarily on location in Japan it was directed by John Huston.
 Domaney (Persian: دمني‎) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 784 in 200 families.
 The Hawk Creek (Bahamas) is a river of the Bahamas.
 Lac de Tseuzier is an artificial lake in the canton of Valais Switzerland. It is located in the municipalities of Ayent and Icogne. The reservoir has a volume of 51 mio m³ and a surface area of 0.85 km². It was formed by the dams of Zeuzier (156 m) and Proz-Riond (20 m) built in 1957.
 Ovan lake (also known as Evan lake) is a small alpine lake in Alamut region of Arburz range in Qazvin province of Iran. The centre point of the lake is approximately located at 36°28′58.98″N 50°26′37.39″E. The only tributary that flows into the lake is a stream with the same name Ovan coming down from northern mounts. The north of the lake is also surrounded by three small villages namely from east to west: Varbon Ovan and Zar-abaad.
 Shakha Proshakha (Bengali: শাখা প্রশাখা) is a 1990 Satyajit Ray film. It deals with four generations of a well-to-do Bengali family with a focus on the third generation.
 Eustis is a village in Frontier County Nebraska United States. The population was 401 at the 2010 census.
 Knezovljani is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D30 highway.By census 1991 Serbs were majority 171 (96.61%) then Croats 2 (1.12%) Yugoslavs 0 (0%) and others 4 (2.25%).
 Liiva Pihtla Parish is a village in Pihtla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 The Sanyo Shimbun (山陽新聞 San'yō Shinbun) is a Japanese language daily newspaper published by The Sanyo Shimbun Co. Ltd (株式会社山陽新聞社 Kabushiki-gaisha San'yō Shinbunsha).
 Canobie Lake is a 375-acre (1.52 km2) body of water located in Rockingham County in southern New Hampshire United States in the towns of Salem and Windham. It is approximately 1.5 miles (2.4 km) long and on average 0.4 miles (0.64 km) wide though two arms of the lake combine to produce a width of 1 mile (1.6 km) at the lake's center. Canobie Lake Park an amusement park is located on the lake's east shore.
 Anchitheriomys is an extinct member of the beaver family Castoridae. Until recently it was placed in a closely related family of rodents Eutypomyidae but a partial skull shows similarities to another early beaver Agnotocastor.
 The Scene of the Crash (Croatian: Putovanje na mjesto nesreće) is a 1971 Yugoslav drama film directed by Zvonimir Berković.
 The Wild Affair is a 1963 British comedy film directed by John Krish and starring Nancy Kwan Gladys Morgan and Betty Marsden.
 Fugitives is a 1929 American drama film directed by William Beaudine and starring Madge Bellamy Don Terry and Arthur Stone. Future stars Jean Harlow and Virginia Bruce both had small parts in the film.
 The River Churnet is a river that flows in Staffordshire England. It is a tributary of the River Dove.
 Christian Oyer Jr. House also known as Harmon House is a historic home located at Barree Township in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1830 and is a two-story five bay rectangular Federal style stone dwelling. It measures 32 feet by 42 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Schott's Almanac was a best-selling UK reference book published annually in the United Kingdom between 2006 and 2010. The book was compiled by Ben Schott and published by Bloomsbury Publishing Plc.In addition to the UK version the best known (and oldest) two other editions of Schott's Almanac are published in the United States and Germany. Each Almanac has a different content and structure and the German edition is naturally enough in German.
 The Elephant Man is a 1977 play by Bernard Pomerance. The production's Broadway debut in 1979 was produced by Richmond Crinkley and Nelle Nugent and directed by Jack Hofsiss. The play closed in 1981 after eight previews and 916 regular performances. Prior to its Broadway production the play was introduced at the Hampstead Theatre in London later playing in repertory at the Royal National Theatre in London. It ran Off-Broadway from January 14-March 18 1979 at the York Theatre at St.
 Chavor (Persian: چاور‎ also Romanized as Chāvor; also known as Chāveh Chīr Chūvīr Chuwir and Jāvor) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Lolita is a novel by Vladimir Nabokov written in English and published in 1955 in Paris and 1958 in New York. It was later translated by its Russian-native author into Russian. The novel is notable for its controversial subject: the protagonist and unreliable narrator a 37-38 year old literature professor Humbert Humbert is obsessed with the 12-year-old Dolores Haze with whom he becomes sexually involved after he becomes her stepfather.
 Bačko Petrovo Selo (Serbian Cyrillic: Бачко Петрово Село; Hungarian: Péterréve German: Batschko Petrovo Selo) is a village located in the Bečej municipality in the South Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority and its population numbering 7318 people (2002 census).
 Black Rednecks and White Liberals is a collection of six essays by Thomas Sowell. The collection published in 2005 explores various aspects of race and culture both in the United States and abroad.
 Paiute cutthroat trout (Oncorhynchus clarki seleniris) is one of fourteen subspecies of cutthroat trout native only to Silver King Creek a headwater tributary of the Carson River in the Sierra Nevada in California. This subspecies is named after the indigenous Northern Paiute peoples.Paiute cutthroat trout are endemic to and protected within the Carson Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
 Yegua Creek is a river in Central Texas and is part of the Brazos River drainage basin. (Yegua is the Spanish word for horse.) Yegua Creek forms in Lee County at the confluence of the Middle Yegua Creek and East Yegua Creek about three miles west of Somerville Lake. It is the primary tributary to form Somerville Lake. The Yegua flows east and becomes part of the Burleson County line for about 31 miles and then joins the Brazos River in southeastern Washington County.
 Ayanathathanur is a village in the Sendurai taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 The International Journal of Developmental Biology is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering research in developmental biology. The editor-in-chief is Juan Arechaga (University of the Basque Country). It was established in 1953 as Anales del desarrollo and obtained its current name in 1989.
 Samonas (Greek: Σαμῶνας c. 875 – after 908) was an Arab-born eunuch who was captured by the Byzantines and became one of the most influential officials of the Byzantine Empire during the first decade of the 10th century.
 The Sărățel River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania. The river starts at the junction of headwaters Furu and Monteoru.
 Sheldon Farmhouse is a historic home located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. It was built about 1795 and is a two story five bay frame residence on a limestone foundation in a vernacular Federal style. It features a gable roof and interior end chimneys. Also on the property are two contributing barns.The property was covered in a 1984 study of Duanesburg historical resources.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Loaded Dog is a humorous short story by the Australian writer Henry Lawson. The plot concerns three gold miners and their dog and the farcical consequences of leaving a bomb cartridge unattended. The story was first published in the collection Joe Wilson and His Mates in 1901.
 Autobiography is a live recording by pianist and flautist Abdullah Ibrahim (also known as Dollar Brand) taken from a June 18 1978 concert in Switzerland. On the recording Ibrahim recalls his childhood in South Africa through the songs he learned then progressing to his own compositions in adulthood. Originally released as a two-disc LP set the album has since been reissued on CD.
 Gaboń [ˈɡabɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Sącz within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Stary Sącz 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Nowy Sącz and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1300.
 Pulaski Library also known as Hudson Branch Library is a historic library building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was built in 1931 and is a tall one story building with a full basement and small second story office over the rear entrance foyer. The front entrance portico is flanked by round Doric columns decorated with bosses on the column necks. It was the second permanent library constructed by the City of Rochester.
 Tarzan and the City of Gold is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the sixteenth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Argosy from March through April 1932.
 Grażyna Gęsicka (13 December 1951 – 10 April 2010) was a Polish sociologist and politician and a former (2006 - 2007) minister of Regional Development in Marcinkiewicz's and Jarosław Kaczyński's government. From 2009 until her death she was the leader of Law and Justice parliamentary caucus.She was born in Warsaw. In 1974 she graduated from Warsaw University's Institute of Sociology and in 1985 received her doctorate.
 Ghāzīābād (Persian: غازی آباد‎) is a village in Kunar Province in eastern Afghanistan.
 The Nanguo Metropolis Daily (Chinese: 南国都市报; pinyin: Nánguódūshì Bào; literally Southern Metropolis Daily) is a daily Chinese language newspaper published in Hainan Province People's Republic of China by the Hainan Daily Press Group (海南日报报业集团 Hăinán Rìbào Bàoyè Jítuán).Launched in 2001 according to a poll by Central China Television (CCTV) the paper has the largest share of the newspaper market in Hainan.
 Pogranichny (Russian: Пограничный) is a shield volcano in central Kamchatka. It is the highest and the easternmost among three shield volcanoes located north-east of Cherny volcano in the central Sredinny Range.
 Knurowiec [knuˈrɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Brańszczyk 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Wyszków and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Bylgia is an extinct genus of prawns in the family Penaeidae containing 4 species.
 Brommella hellenensis is a spider species found in Greece.
 The Palace of Versailles (English /vɛərˈsaɪ/ vair-SY or /vərˈsaɪ/ vər-SY; French: [vɛʁˈsɑj]) or simply Versailles is a royal château in Versailles in the Île-de-France region of France. In French it is the Château de Versailles.When the château was built Versailles was a country village; today however it is a wealthy suburb of Paris some 20 kilometres southwest of the French capital.
 Neychovtsi is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 The Queensland Gallery of Modern Art (GOMA) is an art museum located in the South Bank precinct of Brisbane Queensland Australia. The gallery is part of the Queensland Cultural Centre.GOMA opened on 2 December 2006. It is the Queensland Art Gallery's much-anticipated second building and is the largest gallery of modern and contemporary art in Australia. Queensland's Gallery of Modern Art also houses Australia's first purpose built cinematheque.
 Longland also known as the Margaret Mead Farmstead is a historic home located near Holicong in Buckingham Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1845 and is a large 2 3/4-story five bay by two bay stuccoed stone dwelling. It has Greek Revival design details and features an ornate entranceway with rectangular transom and sidelights. Also on the property is a three-story stone bank barn dated to 1844. It has an attached one-story stone ell.
 23 is the third album from the Japanese duo Rythem. It is set to be released on October 1 2008 under their label Sony Music Entertainment Japan. This album contains songs from their singles Hotarubi Bitter & Sweet Kubisuji Line and their recent single Love Call/Akari no Arika.This album comes up in a regular edition (AICL-1964) and a limited edition (AICL-1962) which will contain the PV for Love Call Kubisuji Line Bitter & Sweet and some documentaries.
 Metallosticha pamphaes is a species of snout moths in the genus Metallosticha. It was described by Turner in 1904 and is known from Australia.
 The Seward Mountains is a small mountain range in southeastern Alaska United States located on the upper Portland Canal. It has an area of 107 km2 and is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains. Part of the eastern border of Misty Fjords National Monument transects the range.
 The Cousin German (Protolampra sobrina) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most of Europe east to Siberia Altai Irkutsk Kamchatka and Korea.The wingspan is 34–39 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.The larvae feed on Rosa acicularis Sorbus aucuparia Calluna vulgaris and Vaccinium uliginosum.
 Beli Potok is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 629 people.
 Black Cobra (Cobra nero in Italy) is an Italian Blaxploitation series of four action films. All of its films are centered on Robert 'Bob' Malone (Fred Williamson) a maverick police detective who deals out his own brand of justice.
 Mylothris sagala the Dusky Dotted Border or Lemon Dotted Border is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Tanzania the Democratic Republic of Congo Rwanda Malawi Zambia and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of submontane and montane forests.Adults have a weak flight. They feed on the nectar of various flowers.
 Oslava is a river in the Czech Republic the left tributary of the Jihlava River. It originates in the Bohemian-Moravian Highlands (Českomoravská vrchovina) upland at the elevation of 567 m and flows for 99.2 km to Ivančice where it enters the Jihlava River.It flows through numerous towns and villages including Nové Veselí Ostrov nad Oslavou Velké Meziříčí Náměšť nad Oslavou Oslavany and Ivančice.
 The Rapture of Canaan is a novel by Sheri Reynolds. The book was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in April 1997.Adolescent Ninah lives in a strict fundamentalist Christian community (The Church of Fire and Brimstone and God's Almighty Baptizing Wind) led by her grandfather Herman.
 El Gana Fi Byotna is a full length studio album of Islamic and Ramadan-themed songs written and composed by Tamer Hosny released in September 2007.
 Naksha is a 2006 Bollywood film. The film is directed by Sachin Bajaj and stars Sunny Deol Vivek Oberoi Sameera Reddy and Jackie Shroff.The role of Ria was initially offered to Amrita Rao but she declined the offer as she was filming for Vivah. The plot is similar to The Rock's movie The Rundown and The Touch.[citation needed] The costumes of the movie were created by Simple Kapadia.
 Paruszowice [paruʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Byczyna within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Byczyna 12 km (7 mi) north of Kluczbork and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.
 The Bank Saloon at 418 S. Carson St. in Carson City Nevada was built in 1899.
 Gulzar Singh Ranike is an cabinet minister in Punjab government and belongs to the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal. He is Minister for Animal Husbandry Dairy Fisheries in the present Punjab Government. He has been holding this post since 2012.
 Zapusta [zaˈpusta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszyna within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has an approximate population of 50.
 Paramonacanthus japonicus is a filefish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12 cm in length.
 Neomordellistena maculipennis is a beetle in the Neomordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1950 by Ermisch.
 Para você querido Caé is the first album released by the Italian singer Patrizia Laquidara.It was published in 2001 by Velut Luna/Audio Records.It is dedicated to the Brazilian singer Caetano Veloso and includes 16 songs of Brazilian music.
 Dr Jozef Mihál (born 18 March 1965 in Bratislava) is a Slovak politician and tax consultant. He is Deputy Prime Minister; Minister for Labour Social Affairs and Family; and deputy leader of Freedom and Solidarity (SaS).Mihál attended Charles University in Prague graduating in mathematics and physics in 1988. He worked for Aurus. From 2005 to 2006 he served as an advisor to the government on reform of health insurance.
 Harrison Bird Brown House is an historic house in Portland Maine. Located in the West End it was built in 1861 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.Harrison Bird Brown (1831-1915) was one of Portland's best known painters during the late nineteenth century. The house overlooks Portland's harbor and many of his paintings were created in the adjacent studio.
 John Chandler (October 18 1693 - August 10 1762) was a judge of probate and the third sheriff of Worcester County Massachusetts.Chandler was appointed the sheriff of Worcester County Massachusetts on June 21 1751.
 A Place to Bury Strangers is the first album from the shoegazing band A Place to Bury Strangers. Most of the songs were recorded between 2004 and 2006 and were released as series of ad hoc EPs which were sold at shows by the band. The band came to the attention of Killer Pimp owner Jon Whitney in late 2006 and he asked if he could have the songs remastered and release them as an album on CD. The band deliberated over whether this would be a good move for some time before finally agreeing.
 The Trafalgar is a hotel in London owned by Hilton Hotels & Resorts. It is Hilton's first unbranded property.Located on the south side of Trafalgar Square the hotel is a contemporary boutique hotel containing Rockwell Restaurant and notable roof gardens called the Vista Bar.The hotel houses 129 rooms and a gym. The building was once used by the Cunard Steamship Company. The boardroom was used in feature films such as Dr. No and The Ipcress File.
 Leśniewo-Niedźwiedź [lɛɕˈɲɛvɔ ˈɲɛd͡ʑvjɛt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The Timebomb: Back To The Future Mixtape (also known as Guru's Jazzmatazz - The Mixtape Back To The Future Jazzmatazz Back To The Future Mix Tape Guru's Jazzmatazz: The Mixtape and other variations)) is a commercial mixtape album released by Guru through 7 Grand Records hosted by DJ Doo Wop and produced by Solar. Released soon after Jazzmatazz Vol. 4: The Hip-Hop Jazz Messenger: Back to the Future its press release describes it as Guru's raw companion to the Jazzmatazz Vol. 4 album.
 Raymond Del Tufo Jr. (July 31 1919 – March 18 1970) was an American lawyer and judge who served as U.S. Attorney for the District of New Jersey from 1954 to 1956.
 Dehuiyeh (Persian: دهوئيه‎ also Romanized as Dehū’īyeh and Dehoo’eyeh) is a village in Raviz Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Roald Dahl's Tales of the Unexpected is a collection of sixteen short stories written by Roald Dahl and first published in 1979. All of the stories were earlier published in various magazines and then in the collections Someone Like You and Kiss Kiss.
 Flint Castle (Welsh: Castell y Fflint) located in Flint Flintshire was the first of a series of castles built during King Edward I's campaign to conquer Wales.The site was chosen for its strategic position in North East Wales. The castle was only one day's march from Chester supplies could be brought along the River Dee and there was by a ford across to England that could be used at low tide.
 St German's Church (dedicated to St Germanus of Auxerre) is a nineteenth-century parish church in Adamsdown Cardiff Wales. The building is Grade I listed.
 Matada Patil Prakash (Kannada: ಮಠದ ಪಾಟೀಲ್ ಪ್ರಕಾಶ್ 11 July 1940 – 9 February 2011) was an Indian politician. He served as the Deputy Chief Minister of Karnataka during 2005-2006. A highly respected leader known for his simplicity and integrity Prakash was also a theatre enthusiast. He directed and acted in Kannada plays. He died on February 9 2011 in Bangalore at the age of 71.
 Westshore Town Centre (formerly known as Canwest Mall) is a shopping centre in Langford British Columbia near Victoria. The centre is bounded on the west by Jacklin Road Langford Parkway (formerly Attree Avenue) to the north Brittany Drive to the east and Kelly Road to the south.
 Lakshmi Putrudu (translation: Lakshmi's Son) is a 2008 Telugu drama film directed by Tamil director Raj Kapoor and is produced by Polisetty Rambabu known for Gopi – Goda Meedha Pilli of the RS Films banner. The films stars Uday Kiran Diya Brahmanandam and Mumaith Khan.
 CHRISTUS St. Vincent Regional Medical Center is a general hospital located in Santa Fe New Mexico. The hospital is the oldest in the State of New Mexico since being established in the downtown plaza before it was moved in 1977 to developing St. Michaels Drive. It is the largest medical facility north of Albuquerque and the largest south of Pueblo Colorado.
 Neolamprologus splendens is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known to occur around Cape Zongwe in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. This species can reach a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL.
 BettyLou DeCroce (born November 17 1952) is an American Republican Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2012 where she has represented the 26th Legislative District (New Jersey) after being appointed to fill the seat following the death of her husband Alex DeCroce. Alex DeCroce who had served in the Assembly since 1993 died on January 9 2012 at the age of 75 shortly after the 214th Legislature had ended.
 The C.F. and Mary Singmaster House near Keota Iowa also known as Maplehurst Ranch and as Maplehurst was built in 1876. It is a Colonial Revival building designed by Frank E. Wetherell. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Edoardo Sanguineti (9 December 1930 – 18 May 2010) was a Genoese poet writer and academic; universally considered one of the major Italian authors of the second half of twentieth century.
 The W.W. Kimball House is a historic house at 13 Winter Street in Arlington Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built sometime between 1847 and 1865 and is one of two houses (the other is the House at 5-7 Winter Street) built by John Squire. Squire probably never lived in the house but sold it in 1865 to William and Nancy Kimball who apparently rented it out. The house has well-preserved Greek Revival detailing including a colonnaded porch that wraps around on two sides.
 Boyalıtepe (formerly Gameni or Kamani) is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province Turkey. It is situated to the east of Karadağ an excint volcano. Its distance to Karaman is 39 kilometres (24 mi). The population of the village was 321 as of 2011. The village was founded in the 18th century by Bekdik tribe of Turkmens who had migrated from Kaman. The former name Gamani may refer to Kaman. Initially it was a neighbourhood of a nearby village.
 The Réunion Parrot or Dubois's Parrot (Necropsittacus? borbonicus) is a hypothetical extinct species of parrot based on descriptions of birds from the Mascarene island of Réunion.
 Umapur (Kannada: ಉಮಾಪುರ) is a village in the Basavakalyan taluk of Bidar district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
 The Age of Spiritual Machines is a non-fiction book by inventor and futurist Ray Kurzweil about artificial intelligence and the future course of humanity. First published in hardcover on January 1 1999 by Viking it has received attention from The New York Times The New York Review of Books and The Atlantic.
 Vrouwenpolder is a village in the Dutch province of Zeeland. It is a part of the municipality of Veere and lies about 9 km north of Middelburg.Vrouwenpolder was a separate municipality until 1966 when it was merged with Veere.In 2001 the village of Vrouwenpolder had 795 inhabitants. The built-up area of the village was 0.21 km² and contained 351 residences.The statistical area Vrouwenpolder which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 1320.
 Carl J. Domino (born April 15 1944) in Quantico Virginia. Domino was a Representative in the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida. He received his Bachelors degree from the Florida State University in 1966. In addition he received his Masters in Business Administration from the Harvard University in 1972. He is currently attending law school at Nova Southeastern's Shepard Broad Law Center in Davie Florida to obtain his Juris Doctor.
 Training and Education in Professional Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Association of Psychology Postdoctoral and Internship Centers. It was established in 2006 and is dedicated to enhancing supervision and training provided by psychologists. The current editor-in-chief is Emil R. Rodolfa of the University of California Davis.
 Book Girl (文学少女 Bungaku Shōjo lit. Literature Girl) is a collection of Japanese light novels by Mizuki Nomura with illustrations by Miho Takeoka. The series contains 16 volumes: eight cover the original series four are short story collections and four are of a side story. The novels were published between April 2006 and April 2011 by Enterbrain under their Famitsu Bunko imprint. Yen Press licensed the light novel series and began releasing it in English in North America in July 2010.
 Aethes kasyi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Sicily and Cyprus and in Italy Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Ukraine and Iran.The wingspan is 17-18 mm. Adults are on wing in March and from May to June and in September.
 Gornja Bodežišta (Serbian: Горња Бодежишта) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gardens of Grief is an EP by Swedish melodic death metal band At the Gates. This EP was later re-released as a split CD with Grotesque's In the Embrace of Evil album.On the inlay of the rerelease you can find this line: Tomas wants to dedicate the lyrics in 'At the Gates' to the memory of Per Ohlin ..R.I.P... He was the vocalist of Mayhem and Morbid who committed suicide in April 1991.
 McNiven Farm Complex is a historic home and barn complex located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. The original house was built about 1790 and is a small Dutch house that is located to the rear of the present structure. A substantial addition was completed in the mid-19th century. It is a two story five bay wide farmhouse with a center entrance and gable roof. Also on the property is a vernacular barn complex.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Ortodossia is an EP by the Italian punk rock band CCCP Fedeli alla linea released in 1984.
 Laskowice [laskɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Lubrza 9 km (6 mi) east of Prudnik and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Oliszki [ɔˈliʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kathleen McDonald O'Malley (born 1956) is a United States federal judge.Born in Drexel Hill Pennsylvania O'Malley received a double A.B. from Kenyon College in Gambier Ohio in 1979 graduating magna cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa. Her majors were honors history and economics; she graduated in both with distinction. She received a J.D.
 Thomas W. Reed II (born November 18 1971) is the U.S. Representative for New York's 23rd congressional district. He served as the Mayor of Corning New York and is a member of the Republican Party.
 Hotel Vast Horizon is the ninth album by singer-songwriter and guitarist Chris Whitley. It is his seventh studio album.It was produced by Heiko Schramm Chris Whitley Matthias Macht and Edgar M. Röthig. The album was recorded by Röthig at Helicopter Studio in Dresden Germany. Breaking Your Fall won Best Folk/Singer-Songwriter Song at the 3rd Annual Independent Music Awards.
 There are multiple gay bathhouses in the United Kingdom. In the UK the term used is gay sauna as opposed to gay bathhouse the term more commonly used in North America. There are gay saunas throughout the UK with London having most of them. Among the more noteworthy are Chariots Shoreditch in Shoreditch London and Pleasuredrome South London and Sweatbox in Soho London.
 Laawaris is a 1999 Indian film directed by Shrikant Sharma. It stars Jackie Shroff Akshaye Khanna Dimple Kapadia and Manisha Koirala.
 Loryma itremoalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Loryma. It was described by Patrice Leraut in 2009 and is known from Madagascar.
 Neem Annapurna (English language:Bitter Morsel) is a 1979 Bengali film directed and written by Buddhadev Dasgupta and starring Sunil Mukherjee.
 The Wild Eye (Italian: L'occhio selvaggio) is a 1967 Italian drama film directed by Paolo Cavara. It was entered into the 5th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Rajang River (Malay: Sungai Rajang or Batang Rajang) is a river in Sarawak Malaysia. The river is located in northwest of Borneo and it originates in the Iran Mountains.
 St. Stephen's Cathedral (German: Stephansdom) is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vienna and the seat of the Archbishop of Vienna Christoph Cardinal Schönborn OP. The current Romanesque and Gothic form of the cathedral seen today in the Stephansplatz was largely initiated by Duke Rudolf IV (1339–1365) and stands on the ruins of two earlier churches the first a parish church consecrated in 1147. The most important religious building in Austria's capital St.
 George William Bond (April 6 1891 - May 14 1974) an Arkansas native was president in the first half of the 20th century of two public universities in Louisiana -- Louisiana Tech in Ruston and Southeastern in Hammond.
 Port of Saints is a novel by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs. First published in 1973 it was the last major work Burroughs wrote during his self-imposed exile in Europe during the late 1960s and early 1970s.One of Burroughs' shorter novels the book utilizes characters from numerous earlier works and also introduces characters that would re-appear later in the Burroughs canon.
 Spider Kiss (originally titled Rockabilly) is a 1961 novel by author Harlan Ellison.
 Old Presbyterian Church (also known as First Presbyterian Church and the Barnwell Circle Theatre) is a historic church building at 1905 Academy Street in Barnwell South Carolina.It was built in 1848 in a Greek Revival style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. The building is now home to the Circle Theater of the Barnwell County Performing Arts Center.
 For other uses see Lost City of Z (disambiguation)The Lost City of Z: A Tale of Deadly Obsession in the Amazon (2009) is a non-fiction book by American author David Grann. It tells the story of the legendary British explorer Percy Fawcett who in 1925 disappeared with his son in the Amazon while looking for an ancient lost city. For decades explorers and scientists have tried to find evidence of his party and the Lost City of Z.
 The Valea Vălcii River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 S · A: Special A (S·A(スペシャル·エー) S·A (Supesharu Ē)) also known as Special A or S.A is a shōjo manga by Maki Minami. The series started serialization in the bimonthly magazine The Hana to Yume in 2003 and moved to the biweekly magazine Hana to Yume in 2004 after running for four chapters. The series ended after 99 chapters on March 19 2009.Special A has been licensed for English-language release in North America by Viz Media and in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment.
 The Peel Sessions is an album of music by The Bonzo Dog Band recorded in 1969. This is one of a series of original recordings made in the BBC studios for the John Peel shows on BBC Radio 1 known collectively as the Peel Sessions. It was released in 1990 on Strange Fruit Records under license from BBC Records and Tapes. Distributed by Dutch East India Trading.
 Chesuncook Lake is a reservoir in Piscataquis County Maine formed by the damming of the West Branch of the Penobscot River in 1835 1903 and 1916. It is approximately 22 miles (35 km) long and 1–4 miles wide with a surface area of 25183 acres (101.91 km2) and a maximum depth of 150 feet (46 m). It is the third-largest body of fresh water in Maine.The lake was named goose place by combining the call of the Canada goose schunk with auke (the Abenaki word for place).
 Irredeemable is an American comic book series written by Mark Waid and published by Boom! Studios. The series follows the fall of the world's greatest superhero the Plutonian as he begins slaughtering the population of Earth. His former allies the superhero group The Paradigm attempt to find a way to stop his rampage while dealing with their own problems of betrayal and hopelessness.
 Aurélie Filippetti (French: [o.ʁe.li fi.li.pɛ.ti] ; born 17 June 1973) is a French politician and novelist of Italian descent. Her family originates from Gualdo Tadino Umbria. Since 16 May 2012 she is Minister of Culture and Communication in the government of Jean-Marc Ayrault.Her first novel Les derniers jours de la classe Ouvrière (The Last Days of the Working Class) published by Stock in 2003 has been translated into several languages.
 Marupakkam (The Other Side) (1990) is an award-winning drama feature film directed by K.S. Sethu Madhavan. The film is in Tamil with English subtitles. It stars Sivakumar Jayabharathi and Radha. The film's music is composed by L. Vaidyanathan. It won 3 National Film Awards in 1991 including the Golden Lotus Award for Best Film. The film was featured at the International Film Festival of India in 2003 as part of a retrospective tribute to its director K.S. Sethu Madhavan.
 Fascination is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and starring his then wife Mae Murray. The film is based on an original story by Edmund Goulding soon to be a prolific film director. The story capitalizes on Murray's continuing forays into outlandish costume dramas.
 'Mahathma' is a 1996 Malayalam action film. Directed by Shaji Kailas with Suresh Gopi Ganesh Kumar Devan Rajan P. Dev Biju Menon and Ramya Krishnan appearing in lead roles this film revolved the growth of an underworld don. The story is unfolded in flashback travelling through the memories of Devadevan the protagonist. Produced at a huge budget the film bombed at box office.[citation needed] It is an adaptation of the 1983 Al Pacino film Scarface.
 I Love Hong Kong 2012 is a Hong Kong comedy film produced by Eric Tsang and directed by Chung Shu Kai and Chin Kwok Wai. Film stars an ensemble cast of Tsang Teresa Mo Bosco Wong Denise Ho Stanley Fung Siu Yam-yam William So Mak Cheung-ching 6 Wing Vivian Zhang and guest stars a star-studded xast of Hong Kong stars. This film is a sequel of the 2011 film I Love Hong Kong with a different storyline but similar theme.The film was released in Chinese New Year 2012.
 Çimeli is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Atya is a genus of freshwater shrimp of the family Atyidae ranging through the Antilles and along the Atlantic and Pacific slopes of Central and South America and in western Africa.
 Ubaldino Ramírez de Arellano Quiñones was born in San Germán Puerto Rico. He was a dentist congressman and he was known as the father of Basketball in San German. His parents were José Ubaldino Ramírez de Arellano Lugo and María Matilde Quiñones Quiñones. While in university he joined Phi Sigma Alpha Fraternity.In his youth he played professional basketball. He was later the first president Liga Puertorriqueña de Baloncesto.
 Kushchi-Gasanly is a village in Naftalan Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Truculentus is a comedic Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus. Following the relationships between prostitutes and their customers it contains perhaps Plautus’s most cynical depiction of human nature in comparison with his other surviving plays.
 Lewis A. Lew Fidler (born 1956) is a New York City Councilman. In January 2002 he began his first term representing the 46th District in New York City which includes the Brooklyn neighborhoods of Bergen Beach Canarsie Georgetown Flatlands Marine Park Mill Basin Mill Island Gerritsen Beach Madison and Sheepshead Bay.Since 2002 Fidler has chaired of the Youth Services committee. He has also served as assistant majority leader under Speaker Christine Quinn.
 Tales of the Alhambra is a collection of essays verbal sketches and stories by Washington Irving.
 Go After an Easy Prey (Chinese: 瓮中捉鳖) is a Chinese animated film in black and white from 1948. It is also referred to as Turtle Caught in a Jar.
 Moorsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.5 m its surface area is 0.164 km².
 Sorocza Nóżka [sɔˈrɔt͡ʂa ˈnuʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Hajnówka and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mount Kanaga is a stratovolcano at the northern tip of Kanaga Island in the Aleutian Islands Alaska. It is situated within a caldera which forms the arcuate Kanaton Ridge south and east of Kanaga. A crater lake occupies part of the SE caldera floor. The summit of Kanaga has a crater with fumarolic activity.It is located about 25 km (16 mi) west of the U.S. Navy installation and port on Adak Island.
 Neumühler See is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 44 m its surface area is 1.715 km².
 Great Mail Robbery is a 1927 American silent drama film directed by George B. Seitz.
 John James Wrathall (28 August 1913 – 31 August 1978) was a Rhodesian politician. He was the last white President of Rhodesia (later holders of the post were only acting as such). He formerly worked as an accountant.
 Manduca mossi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru eastern Ecuador and Bolivia.Adults have been recorded in January.
 Guty [ˈɡutɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Kosów Lacki 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Sokołów Podlaski and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Tupadly (Kutná Hora District) is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Junior Citizen is the fourth album by American alternative rock band Poster Children released in 1995.
 Dąbrowica [dɔmbrɔˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Biłgoraj and 79 km (49 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 877.
 Mariano Gago ComSE (born in 1948) fullname José Mariano Rebelo Pires Gago graduated as an electrical engineer by the Technical University of Lisbon's Instituto Superior Técnico in Lisbon and did advanced research work in Paris at the École Polytechnique as a high-energy physicist. Professor of Physics at Instituto Superior Técnico in Lisbon he worked at CERN (European Nuclear Research Organisation) in Geneva for several years.
 The Difference Between Love and Envy is the first EP released by the newly renamed Danger:Radio. It was released fall of 2004.The Difference Between Love and Envy was the first notable recording that the band did.[citation needed] It was released around the time when the band's sounds had started to finally solidify from their rougher sound of before to something that couldn't easily be defined within a single genre.
 Matzbach (Brensbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Temotu flying fox (Pteropus nitendiensis) is a species of flying fox in the Pteropodidae family. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands. It is threatened by habitat destruction due to subsistence agricultural practices as well as natural disasters such as tropical cyclones.
 Taraxella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Cento H.P. is a 1915 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina.
 The Troubled Troubadour is a posthumous expanded compact disc edition of punk rock singer-songwriter and musician GG Allin's original 1990 7 EP of the same name.With the 1500-copy pressing of the original Troubled Troubador EP having long sold out by the time GG Allin had died of a drug overdose in 1993 Mountain Records owner and president Stewart Brodian had been getting a large amount of requests from Allin fans who had missed out on the original recording.In October 1995 Brodian gathered together the original master tape of the 7 EP which was still in his possession and with the help of Allin's friend and archivist Skeeter Rider added an outtake from the same May 1989 session that originally produced the EP a 1985 acoustic demo of an early Allin-composed and performed country song two spoken word tracks recorded by Allin in 1988 two cover versions recorded with The Jabbers in 1982 and with The Disappointments in July 1989 and - probably the most fascinating of the bonus tracks - three unedited phone conversations between GG Allin and Stewart Brodian recorded on Brodian's answering machine in Pennsylvania and conducted from GG's end while he was serving his felonious assault sentence in Michigan.
 S. Chris Jones (born June 23 1958 in Suffolk Virginia) is an American politician. A Republican he was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in November 1997. He currently represents the 76th district made up of parts of the cities of Suffolk and Chesapeake.
 The Times Bulletin is a newspaper based in Van Wert Ohio. In 2010 Brown Publishing was sold it to the Delphos Herald.
 Nowdeh (Persian: نوده‎; also known as Nowdīyeh) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 60 families.
 Quiet Please Murder is a 1943 drama directed by John Larkin starring George Sanders Gail Patrick and Richard Denning. Based on the short story Death Walks in Marble Halls by Lawrence G. Blochman that appeared in American Magazine (Sep 1942). The film is also known under the title Death from the Sanskrit.
 Peveril of the Peak (1823) is the longest novel by Sir Walter Scott. Along with Ivanhoe Woodstock and Kenilworth this is one of Scott's English novels with the main action taking place around 1678.
 Acanthochirana is an extinct genus of prawn that existed during the upper Jurassic period. It was named by Strand in 1928 and contains five species including Acanthochirana cordata. They are distinguished from the related genus Aeger by the presence of teeth on the rostrum which are absent in Aeger.
 Mi querido capitán (My Dear Captain) is a 1950 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Turbonilla eodem is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Myllokunmingiids (Order Myllokunmingiida) are forming a group of very early jawless prehistoric fish which lived during the Cambrian period. The group contains only one family the Myllokunmingiidae. Their fossils have been found only in Maotianshan Shales. Also Myllokunmingiids are the first craniotes an unranked group of chordates.
 Avarzaman (Persian: اورزمان‎ also Romanized as Āvarzamān and Arūzamān; also known as Āb-ī-Zamān Āb Zamām Āvar Zamān Tappeh Qayelī and Avzamān) is a village in Avarzaman Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1881 in 550 families.
 Wat Ounalom (also Wat Onalaom and several other spellings) is a wat located on Sisowath Quay in Phnom Penh Cambodia near the Royal Palace of Cambodia.It is the most important wat of Phnom Penh and the center of Cambodian Buddhism. It was established in 1443 and consists of 44 structures. It was damaged during the Khmer Rouge but has since been restored. The main complex has a stupa which contains what is believed to be an eyebrow hair of Buddha and an inscription in Pali.
 Patti Anne Lodge (born July 29 1942) is a Republican Idaho State Senator since December 2000 representing the 13th District since 2002. She is married to Edward Lodge a United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the District of Idaho and is a mother to three children Mary-Jeanne Edward and Anne-Marie.
 The Pine Mill Bridge is an historic structure located in Wildcat Den State Park in rural Muscatine County Iowa United States. Built in 1878 near the Pine Creek Gristmill it is the only place in Iowa where a mill and bridge combination remains in place. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 as a part of the Highway Bridges of Iowa MPS.
 Ceromitia indigna is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 The Church of St Peter St Paul and St John is the parish church of Llantrisant Monmouthshire Wales. A handsome church  in the Decorated style it is a Grade I listed building as of 18 November 1980.
 The Plane is a river in Brandenburg Germany left tributary of the Havel. Its total length is 57 km. The Plane originates in the High Fläming Nature Park near Rabenstein. It flows north through Planetal and Golzow. The Plane joins the Havel in the Breitlingsee lake west of Brandenburg an der Havel.
 The Passion of Joan of Arc (French: La Passion de Jeanne d'Arc) is a silent film produced in France in 1928. It is based on the actual record of the trial of Joan of Arc. The film was directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer and stars Renée Jeanne Falconetti.
 Simple Love is the seventh album by American folk rock musician David Dondero released on August 24 2007 by Team Love Records. It came two years after his first release with Team Love South of the South.
 Roine is a medium-sized lake in Finland. The lake is located in the Pirkanmaa region mostly in the municipality of Kangasala and for a lesser part in the municipality of Pälkäne.The lake is part of Kokemäenjoki basin and a chain of lakes that consists of Längelmävesi Vesijärvi Roine Pälkänevesi and Mallasvesi.
 The Ultimate Experience is a 1992 compilation album of songs by songwriter and guitarist Jimi Hendrix. It features 20 of his greatest hits most of them recorded with The Jimi Hendrix Experience and live renditions of The Star Spangled Banner and Wild Thing. It was released in the U.K. in November 1992 and later on April 27 1993 in the U.S.A.. The album reached No. 25 in the UK Albums Chart and No. 72 in the Billboard 200.
 Puliyankurichi is a village that belongs to Ganagavalli taluk in the Salem district of Tamil Nadu India. It is located in the east end part of the southernmost district of Salem. It takes two hours to reach from Salem and two and half hours from Trichy.The main occupation of the people who live there is agriculture. One of the prominent tourist locations is the olden Lord Eswaran temple. A part of the village is surrounded by a forest with an area of about ten thousand square km.
 Numbers 1 & 2 is a 1967 album by Lester Bowie featuring a line-up which later became the Art Ensemble of Chicago. It was released on the Nessa label and features performances by Bowie Roscoe Mitchell Malachi Favors and Joseph Jarman.
 This article is about the album. For information about shades of the color purple see Shades of purple.Shades of Purple is the debut album from Norwegian pop duo M2M. The album was particularly highly successful in South East Asia and sold over five million copies worldwide.Six singles were released from the album: Don't Say You Love Me Mirror Mirror The Day You Went Away Pretty Boy Girl in Your Dreams and Everything You Do.
 Russkoye Znamya (Russian Banner Russian: Русское знамя) — a newspaper organ of the Union of the Russian People established in Petersburg by Alexander Dubrovin on 11 December [O.S. 28 November] 1905 notoriously known for its antisemitic bias.Discontinued on 18 March [O.S. 5] 1917 by the order of Petrograd Soviet.
 The Y River (Russian: река Ы) is a river in the north of Russia. It flows on the territory of Arkhangelsk Oblast and the Komi Republic roughly east from its source in Verkhnetoyemsky District.The Y falls into the Vashka River.
 Guharam Ajgalle (born 30 April 1967) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Sarangarh constituency of Chhattisgarh and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.
 Ed and His Dead Mother is a 1993 American dark comedy and cult classic film starring Steve Buscemi Miriam Margolyes and Ned Beatty.
 Books of Blood are a series of horror fiction collections written by the British author Clive Barker.There are six books in total each simply subtitled Volume 1 through to Volume 6 and were subsequently re-published in two omnibus editions containing three volumes each. Each volume contains four or five stories. The volume 1–3 omnibus was published with a foreword by Barker's fellow Liverpudlian horror writer Ramsey Campbell.They were published between 1984 and 1985.
 Eupithecia vesiculata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Trypucie [trɨˈput͡ɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Turośń Kościelna and 10 km (6 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 300.
 Melanella aciculata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple species known to exist within the genus Melanella.
 Ganesh Himāl (Nepali: गणेश हिमाल) is a sub-range of the Himalaya located mostly in north-central Nepal but some peaks lie on the border with Tibet. TheTrisuli Gandaki valley on the east separates it from the Langtang Himal; the Budhi (Buri) Gandaki valley and the Shyar Khola valley on the west separate it from the Sringi Himal and the Mansiri Himal (home of Manaslu the nearest 8000m peak).
 Framingham Reservoir No. 2 Dam and Gatehouse is a historic dam and gatehouse on the Framingham Reservoirs Nos. 1 and 2 west of the junction of Winter and Fountain Streets in Framingham Massachusetts.
 Thillaanaa Mohanambal (English: The Danseuse Mohanambal) is a 1968 Tamil-language film directed by A. P. Nagarajan starring Sivaji Ganesan and Padmini in the lead roles. The film is based on the novel of same name written by Kothamangalam Subbu which was published in a popular Tamil Magazine 'Ananda Vikatan' as weekly episodes. Though this movie was based on novel it received good reception especially with higher class audience.
 Metrocenter is a super-regional shopping mall in northwest Phoenix Arizona. It is bounded roughly by Interstate 17 35th Dunlap and Peoria Avenues. Its anchor stores include Macy's Dillard's clearance center and Sears with two vacant anchors last occupied by Macy's (which moved from its first location to its current location a former Robinsons-May in 2006) and JCPenney.
 Corcovado meaning hunchback in Portuguese is a mountain in central Rio de Janeiro Brazil. The 710-metre (2329 ft) granite peak is located in the Tijuca Forest a national park. It is sometimes confused with nearby Sugarloaf Mountain.Corcovado hill lies just west of the city center but is wholly within the city limits and visible from great distances. It is known worldwide for the 38-metre (125 ft) statue of Jesus atop its peak entitled Cristo Redentor or Christ the Redeemer.
 The Hypomesus japonicus is a coastal fish species of the northwestern Pacific ocean ranging from the Korean Peninsula and northern Japan to the Kuril Islands and Peter the Great Bay.
 Mjøsa is Norway's largest lake as well as one of the deepest lakes in Norway and in Europe. It´s the fourth deepest lake in Norway. It is located in the southern part of Norway about 100 km north of Oslo. Its main tributary is Gudbrandsdalslågen in the north; the only distributary is Vorma in the south.From its southernmost point at Minnesund in Eidsvoll to its northernmost point in Lillehammer it is 117 km long. At its widest near Hamar it is 15 km wide.
 Waramutsého! is a 2008 film.
 Return to Modesty: Discovering the Lost Virtue is a 1999 non-fiction debut book by Wendy Shalit.
 Robert Craig Kent (November 28 1828 – April 30 1905) was an attorney and political figure from the Commonwealth of Virginia. A graduate of Princeton University Kent was admitted to the Virginia Bar in 1853 and commenced the practice of law in Wytheville. After several years of successful private practice Kent was elected as the Commonwealth's Attorney for Wythe County then twice to the Virginia House of Delegates.
 Kyaw Hsan (born 20 May 1948) is a former Brigadier-General who is the current Minister of Cooperatives and previously Minister of Culture and Minister of Information of Myanmar.Kyaw Hsan was born on 20 May 1948 is Monywa Sagaing Region.
 Mount Zwischen elevation 12011 ft (3661 m) is a summit in the Sangre de Cristo Range of southern Colorado. The mountain is east of the Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve in the Rio Grande and San Isabel National Forests.
 Chalaki (Persian: چالكي‎ also Romanized as Chālakī Chālekī and Chalki) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 491 in 130 families.
 Shopped: The Shocking Power Of British Supermarkets is a book by British author and award-winning investigative journalist Joanna Blythman first published by Fourth Estate in 2004.
 The Island Eye News is a newspaper that serves several islands around the Charleston area including Sullivan's Island the Isle of Palms Dewees Island and Goat Island.
 Room at the Top is a novel by John Braine first published in the United Kingdom by Eyre & Spottiswoode in 1957 about the rise of an ambitious young man of humble origin and the socio-economic struggles undergone in realising his social ambitions in post-war Britain. A film adaptation was made in 1959 followed in 2012 by a TV film.
 Haaretz (Hebrew: הארץ‎) (lit. The Land [of Israel] originally Ḥadashot Ha'aretz – Hebrew: חדשות הארץ‎ IPA: [χadaˈʃot haˈʔaʁets] – News of the Land) is Israel's oldest daily newspaper. It was founded in 1918 and is now published in both Hebrew and English in Berliner format. The English edition is published and sold together with the International New York Times. Both Hebrew and English editions can be read on the Internet.
 Nakorotolutolu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 War Love God & Madness is a documentary directed by Mohamed Al-Daradji in 2008. The film runs 83 minutes and is based on the Iraq War. The film documents the efforts of the making of the film Ahlaam in Iraq during the War.The documentary was originally in Arabic although English subtitles are available.
 Young Ballers: The Hood Been Good to Us is the debut studio album by family rap group Rich Boyz led by teen rapper Romeo Miller. It was released on November 22 2005 with the new formed company Guttar Music and was sold via internet.
 Acropserotarache is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Best of Times is the third studio album released by the English band My Sad Captains on March 17 2014 through Bella Union Records. The album was recorded in London and mixed by Larry Crane in Portland (OR). A single 'Goodbye' was released on January 29 with a video directed by Dan Davis featuring Vincent Meehan (aka Lavinia Co-op).
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District Naghan District Kiar County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 50 families.
 Bruce C. Ennis (born March 25 1939 in Dover Delaware) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Delaware Senate since November 10 2007 representing District 14. Ennis has served in the Delaware General Assembly continuously since 1983 in the Delaware House of Representatives until 2007.
 The Rewa River (Guyana) is a river of Guyana.
 Dr. John Christie Ware Bungalow is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1909 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29 1986.
 Neti Siddhartha is a 1990 Telugu action film directed by Kranthi Kumar. The film stars Nagarjuna and Shobana.
 Henry W. Eastham was a Massachusetts politician who served as a member and President of the Common Council and as the 30th Mayor of Lynn Massachusetts.
 The Marriage of Sense and Soul: Integrating Science and Religion is a 1998 book by American author Ken Wilber. It reasons that by adopting contemplative (e.g. meditative) disciplines related to Spirit and commissioning them within a context of broad science that the spiritual subjective world of ancient wisdom could be joined with the objective empirical world of modern knowledge.
 Gata de Noche (Night Cat) is the tenth album recorded by the Argentine rock band Vox Dei.In this album Ricardo Soulé returned to the band. It was Vox Dei's last album for the first era until their break-up in 1981.
 Euchionellus zanzibaricus is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae the only species in the genus Euchionellus.
 A Dark Traveling is a science fiction and fantasy novel by Hugo- and Nebula-award winning author Roger Zelazny. The story uses teleportation as both fantasy and science fiction elements. It is the only novel he wrote for young adults and one of three books without a heroic protagonist.
 The Perfect Storm is a creative nonfiction book written by Sebastian Junger and published by W. W. Norton & Company in 1997. The paperback edition (ISBN 0-06-097747-7) followed in 1999 from HarperCollins' Perennial imprint.
 Kuran-e Torkiyeh (Persian: كوران تركيه‎ also Romanized as Kūrān-e Torkīyeh and Kūrān Torkīyeh; also known as Kūrān) is a village in Hesar Rural District Khabushan District Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 643 in 175 families.
 Mike Thomson (born April 8 1946) is a Republican member of the Missouri House of Representatives. Thomson represents the 1st District encompassing all or portions of Atchison Holt Nodaway and Worth counties in northwest Missouri. Previously this district was known as the 4th. However the 2010 U.S. Census led to redistricting and renumbering across Missouri. Having served in the Missouri House since first being elected in 2006 Thomson is term-limited from running again in 2014.
 Mclean is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
 Gorgonidia buckleyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo Province).
 Exhibit A is a 2007 British independent film directed by Dom Rotheroe and produced by Darren Bender for Warp Films. The film is an example of the Found footage genre and stars Bradley Cole Brittany Ashworth Angela Forrest and Oliver Lee. It was filmed on location in Yorkshire and Suffolk and released on 1 October 2007 at the Raindance Film Festival. It was the last film that stuntman Roy Alon the world's most prolific stuntman worked on
 Elizabeth Costello is a 2003 novel by South African-born Nobel Laureate J. M. Coetzee.In this novel Elizabeth Costello an aging Australian writer travels around the world and gives lectures on topics including the lives of animals and literary censorship. In her youth Costello wrote The House on Eccles Street a novel that re-tells James Joyce's Ulysses from the perspective of the protagonist's wife Molly Bloom.
 Zay El Naharda (Arabic: زي النهاردة On A Day Like Today) is a 2008 Egyptian thriller film it was the debut of its writer and director Amr Salama.
 The yellow-tipped nudibranch Caloria sp. 2 as designated by Gosliner 1987 is a species of sea slug specifically an aeolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Facelinidae.
 Deborah Ferguson (born in Parkin Arkansas) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives representing District 51 since January 14 2013.
 Liopterus is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Liopterus atriceps (Sharp 1882) Liopterus haemorrhoidalis (Fabricius 1787)↑
 St Matthew's Church Northampton is a Church of England parish church in Northampton within the Diocese of Peterborough.
 Karahallı Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 565 people.
 Body Alchemy: Transsexual Portraits (1996) is a book collecting photographs and writing of Loren Cameron. It documents the process of transition and everyday lives of the author and other transmen.
 The Hungry Hercynian is a fantasy story written by L. Sprague de Camp as part of his Pusadian series. It was first published in the magazine Universe Science Fiction for December 1953 and first appeared in book form in the anthology The Spell of Seven edited by de Camp (Pyramid Books 1965). It has also been translated into German and was first brought together with other works of de Camp in the German collection Die Chronik von Poseidonis (Pabel 1978).
 Koshelev (Russian: Кошелев) is a complex stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It consists of four stratovolcanoes from which the central Koshelev is the highest.
 Heiser Rosenfeld and Strauss Buildings also known as Inner Harbor Lofts I is a historic loft building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a complex of three structures. The Heiser Building is a Romanesque Revival style six-story brick stone and iron structure eight bays wide and 14 bays deep built as a show factory in 1886. The Rosenfeld Building is a six-story five-bay loft building with Beaux Arts styling and built for E. Rosenfeld and Company in 1905.
 Enrique M. Fernando (July 25 1915 – October 13 2004) was the 13th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. A noted constitutionalist and law professor he served in the Supreme Court for 18 years including 6 years as Chief Justice.
 Antilophia is a genus of South American bird in the Pipridae family. It contains the following species: Helmeted Manakin (Antilophia galeata) Araripe Manakin (Antilophia bokermanni)
 Bilingualism: Language and Cognition is a peer-reviewed academic journal of linguistics focusing on the study of multilingualism including bilingual language competence perception and production bilingual language acquisition in children and adults neurolinguistics of bilingualism (in normal and brain-damaged populations) and non-linguistic cognitive processes in bilinguals. The journal is currently published by Cambridge University Press and was cofounded by François Grosjean in 1998.
 The Blue-moustached Bee-eater (Merops mentalis) is a species of bird in the Meropidae family.It is found in Cameroon Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria and Sierra Leone.The Blue-moustached Bee-eater is a rainforest bird usually found singly. It perches on a high branch in the canopy beside tracks and clearings and swoops down on small butterflies honeybees and other insects before returning to its original perch.
 Bílé Poličany is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 In London is a studio album by Hindustani classical musician Ravi Shankar. It was published on LP record in 1964 originally with the title India's Master Musician / Recorded in London.In the late 1990s Squires Productions was commissioned to digitally remaster the album for Compact Disc; Wayne Hileman was the mastering engineer. Angel Records published the remastered album on 26 January 1999 under the shortened title In London.
 Hex Hall is a best-selling trilogy of young-adult paranormal romance novels by American author Rachel Hawkins. The trilogy is centered around Sophie Mercer a sixteen-year-old witch who is sent to Hecate Hall (nicknamed Hex Hall) a boarding school for magical beings after a string of disastrous spells gone wrong. While there she gets caught up in the on-going war between the Prodigium and the human organizations who seek to eradicate them from the world.
 1984 also known simply as Praxis the 1984 EP was among Bill Laswell's earliest experiments with electronica and techno music. It was re-released on CD in 1997.
 Jonas Sjöstedt (born 25 December 1964) is a Swedish politician who is the current chairperson of the Left Party since 2012 and a former metalworker. He is also a member of the Swedish parliament since 2010.Sjöstedt was born in Gothenburg and became politically active as a union leader in the Volvo plant in the city of Umeå in the early 1990s.
 The Agrișteu River (Hungarian: Egres-patak or Szénaverős-patak) is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 Asura is a genus of moths in the subfamily Arctiinae.
 Cerro del Topo Chico (literal English: Small Mole Hill) is an inactive volcano located in the western portion of the city of San Nicolás de los Garza and within the northern limits of the Monterrey metropolitan area (both cities are in the Mexican state of Nuevo León).The gray areas depicted on the photos are limestone quarries from which raw material is extracted to manufacture cement.Some other known mountains or elevations of the zone are: the Cerro de la Silla Cerro de las Mitras the Sierra Madre Oriental and Cerro de Chipinque -with its famous M-shaped figure- Cerro del Obispado Cerro de la Loma Larga and La Huasteca.
 Sadamantium is the debut album by comedian Mike Lawrence released digitally on May 28 2013 by Comedy Central Records.The name comes from a combination of the words sad and adamantium which is a fictitious indestructible metal alloy in the Marvel Comics Universe.
 Fanfare is an American bimonthly magazine devoted to reviewing recorded music in all playback formats. It mainly covers classical music but since inception has also featured a jazz column in every issue.The magazine now runs to over 600 pages in a 6 x 9 format with about 80% of the editorial copy devoted to record reviews and a front section with a substantial number of interviews and feature articles.
 Indra's Net: Defending Hinduism's Philosophical Unity is a 2014 book by Rajiv Malhotra an Indian-American author philanthropist and public speaker and published by HarperCollins. The book argues for unity coherence and continuity throughout the history of Hinduism and in Hindu philosophy.
 Something from Nothing: The Art of Rap is a 2012 American documentary directed by Ice-T and co-directed by Andy Baybutt. It focuses on the craft of writing and performing rap verses and all the interviewees are musicians of the genre and friends of Ice-T.
 Phaniola is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Vallavanukku Pullum Aayudham is an upcoming Indian Tamil action comedy film directed by comedian Srinath which is a remake of S. S. Rajamouli's successful 2010 Telugu film Maryada Ramanna. The film is jointly produced by PVP Cinema and Santhanam who stars in the lead role himself alongside newcomer Ashna Zaveri. The film is set to release on 1 May 2014.
 Providence Portland Medical Center located at 4805 NE Glisan St. in the North Tabor neighborhood of Portland Oregon is a full-service medical center specializing in cancer and cardiac care. Opened in 1941 the hospital is licensed for 483 beds and has over 3000 employees. There are approximately 1000 physicians on staff. The campus is also home to Providence Child Center a 58-bed facility dedicated exclusively to medically fragile children.
 Inkaar is a 2013 Indian drama romance film directed by Sudhir Mishra and produced by Viki Rajani starring Arjun Rampal and Chitrangada Singh in the lead roles. Shantanu Moitra has composed the music. Deepti Naval Vipin Sharma Gaurav Dwivedi are featured in supporting roles. The film was produced and distributed under the Viacom 18 Motion Pictures and the Tipping Point Films banners.
 Columbus Messenger Newspapers is a bi-weekly newspaper organization started in 1974. It publishes five free independently owned newspapers: the Westside Messenger the Eastside Messenger the Southeast Messenger the Southwest Messenger and the Madison Messenger covering neighborhoods in Columbus Ohio and Madison County.Each of the five papers is published every other Sunday and feature happenings with local government community organizations and human interest stories.
 The Chinese mountain cat (Felis bieti) also known as the Chinese desert cat and the Chinese steppe cat is a wild cat of western China that has been classified as Vulnerable by IUCN as the effective population size may be fewer than 10000 mature breeding individuals.Since 2007 it is classified as a wildcat subspecies F. silvestris bieti based on genetic analysis.
 Heterodera elachista (Japanese cyst nematode Rice cyst nematode) is a plant pathogenic nematode which is cited as an invasive species.
 Kossuth Street School is located in Haledon Passaic County New Jersey United States. The schoolhouse was built in 1894 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 10 1980.
 Left and Leaving is an album by The Weakerthans released July 25 2000 on G7 Welcoming Committee Records.In Chart magazine's 2005 poll of the Top 50 Canadian albums of all time Left and Leaving ranked in sixth place. It was also nominated for Alternative Album of the Year at the 2001 Juno Awards.Aside appears on the soundtrack of the film Wedding Crashers.
 The Pilke House is a combined office building and science centre in Rovaniemi Finland built in 2011 which is notable for its low carbon footprint and the use of sustainable wood products in its design.
 Umbozero Lake (Russian: Умбозеро named after the adherent Umba River) is located in Murmansk Oblast of Russia between the Khibiny on the west and Lovozero Tundras on the east. Area is 422 km² average depth is 15 m maximum is 115. The lake freezes from the end of October. Three kinds of fish could be found in it.
 The Outcome (Spanish: El desenlace) is a 2005 Spanish drama film directed by Juan Pinzás. It was entered into the 27th Moscow International Film Festival. It is the 31st Dogme 95 film.
 Save Your Legs! is a 2012 Australian comedy film directed by Boyd Hicklin. It stars Stephen Curry Damon Gameau and Brendan Cowell. The film is inspired by a 2005 documentary of the same name. It follows the story of Edward Teddy Brown and his two mates of a Melbourne cricket team who travel to India for a tour. The film premiered at the Melbourne International Film Festival on August 19 2012.
 Wolf is the second studio album by Odd Future leader Tyler The Creator. The album was released on April 2 2013 by Odd Future Records and RED Distribution under Sony Music Entertainment. Wolf is a set in a different direction compared to his other material. Bastard and Goblin respectively featured more violent content while this album features a more production based sound and different themes.
 Flip-Flop is the fourth and final studio album by Marietta Georgia band Guadalcanal Diary. It was released in 1989 on Elektra Records.
 János Pap (1925–1994) was a Hungarian communist politician who served as Interior Minister between 1961–1963. Member of the Central Committee of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party (1959–1985). First secretary of the HSWP in Veszprém county (1956–1961 1965–1985). Pap committed suicide.
 Kočine is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 107 people.
 Bukowiec [buˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Trzebnica and 26 kilometres (16 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Doqondar (Persian: دغندر‎ also Romanized as Doqandar and Do Qondor; also known as Doghondar Dowjāndār Dūgandar and Dūghandar) is a village in Madvarat Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 53 families.
 Somewhere in the City is a 1998 American indie comedy-drama film written and directed by Ramin Niami.
 Temple Sinai was an egalitarian Reform synagogue established in Portsmouth Virginia in December 1953. The congregation which was located at 4401 Hatton Point Road was called A Family of Traditional and Non-Traditional Families and was a member of the Union for Reform Judaism. The congregation was headed by Rabbi Arthur Z. Steinberg. Temple Sinai celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2004. Temple Sinai merged with Norfolk's Ohef Sholom Temple in June 2012.
 The Fortune India 500 is a ranking of the top 500 corporations in India compiled on the basis of latest sales and gross revenue figures. The list is published annually by Fortune magazine.
 Songs from the Ocean Floor was the third solo album by American rock artist Kip Winger. The album was released in 2000. According to Kip the lead track Cross is an extremely personal song and he opens every solo show with it.
 The spotfin butterflyfish Chaetodon ocellatus is a butterflyfish found in the western Atlantic Ocean in the Gulf of Mexico and most commonly found in the Caribbean Sea.The name is derived from the dark spot on the fish's dorsal fin. This combined with a vertical black bar through the eye is designed to confuse predators. The vertical black bar disappears as the fish gets older and other black lines become more prominent.
 Gaspar Zarrías Arevalo (born April 30 1955 Madrid Spain) is a Spanish lawyer politician and member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) which he joined in 1972. Zarrias served as the interim President of the Junta of Andalusia from April 7 2009 to April 23 2009. He has served as the President's Office Minister for the Parliament of Andalusia and a member of the Organizing Committee of the Mediterranean Games of Almeria (COJMA).
 Para Todos (Spanish for For Everyone) is a regional Spanish language magazines in the United States. Published by Silvia Ichar the magazine reaches Southern California Latinos through its local distribution as well as subscription base.
 Marcella R. Frevert (born October 26 1937) is the Iowa State Representative from the 7th District. She has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 1996. She received her AA from Emmetsburg Junior College her BS from Mankato State University and her MA from the University of Northern Iowa.Frevert currently serves on several committees in the Iowa House - the Agriculture committee; the Ways and Means committee; and the Environmental Protection committee where she is vice chair.
 Alucarda (Spanish title: Alucarda la hija de las tinieblas or Alucarda the daughter of darkness) is a 1978 Mexican horror film directed by Juan López Moctezuma and starring Tina Romero in the title role. Often thought to be based on the 1872 novella Carmilla it revolves around two teenage orphan girls living in a Catholic convent who unleash a demonic force and become possessed by Satan.
 Cowards Bend the Knee (also known as The Blue Hands) is a 2003 film by Guy Maddin. Maddin directed Cowards Bend the Knee while in pre-production on The Saddest Music in the World shooting entirely on Super-8mm film with a budget of $30000.The feature film was initially developed as a series of ten short films commissioned as part of an installation art project by Toronto art gallery The Power Plant (curated by Philip Monk).
 The Americans by Robert Frank was a highly influential book in post-war American photography. It was first published in France in 1958 and the following year in the United States. The photographs were notable for their distanced view of both high and low strata of American society. The book as a whole created a complicated portrait of the period that was viewed as skeptical of contemporary values and evocative of ubiquitous loneliness.
 It Can Happen Here: Authoritarian Peril in the Age of Bush (2007) is a nonfiction book written by liberal writer and commentator Joe Conason. Conason discusses what he sees as a trend towards authoritarianism during the administration of US President George W.
 Idalus critheis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in French Guiana Guyana Brazil Venezuela Colombia Ecuador Peru and Panama.
 A Marine angelfish from the Western Pacific that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 21 cm in length.
 The University of Utah Hospital is a research and teaching hospital on the campus of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City Utah. It serves as a major regional referral center for Utah and the surrounding states of Idaho Nevada Wyoming Montana and New Mexico. University of Utah Health Care is praised for the following specialties: cardiology geriatrics gynecology pediatrics rheumatology pulmonology neurology oncology orthopedics and ophthalmology.
 Store Magleby Church (Danish: Store Magleby Kirke) is a church in Store Magleby now part of Dragør on the southern part of Amager in the outskirts of Copenhagen Denmark.
 George Henry Clinton was a chemist lawyer and Democratic politician from St. Joseph in Tensas Parish in the northeastern Mississippi River delta of the U.S. state of Louisiana.Clinton was born in the late 1860s in Natchez in western Mississippi. His father was a native of East Feliciana Parish one of the Florida Parishes of southeastern Louisiana. The senior Clinton served in the Confederate Army and became the district attorney for the Louisiana 6th Judicial District based about St.
 Burevestnik (Russian: Буревестник The Petrel) was a Russian language anarchist periodical published in New York City from 1921 to 1922.
 Keyes Gap or Keyes' Gap is a wind gap in the Blue Ridge Mountain on the border of Loudoun County Virginia and Jefferson County West Virginia. The gap is traversed by Virginia State Route 9/West Virginia State Route 9. The Appalachian Trail also crosses the gap.
 A Snake of June (Japanese: 六月の蛇 Rokugatsu no hebi) is a Japanese movie directed by Shinya Tsukamoto. His seventh film it is notable for its striking monochrome blue cinematography tinted in post production. It won the Kinematrix Film Award and the San Marco Special Jury Award at the Venice Film Festival.
 Drug Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering drug development published by Thieme Medical Publishers. The journal was established in 1951 and the editor-in-chief is Martin Wehling (Heidelberg University Faculty of Medicine in Mannheim).
 Mouldon Hill Country Park is a country park to the north west of the town centre of Swindon within the parish of Haydon Wick and close to Thamesdown Drive. It is owned and managed by Swindon Borough Council.The park is named after the small hill within it that rises from the River Ray and peaks at 105 metres above sea level.
 Levtsi (Bulgarian: Левци) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 200.247 kilometres (124.428 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 2.112 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 56 people.
 The Fryer House is located in Butler Kentucky. This historic two story stone house was built by Pendleton County Kentucky pioneer Walter Fryer in 1811. Abraham Vastine a housebuilder built this house of limestone from an adjacent quarry and it has walls two feet thick. The roof truss system is built of wood framing held together with wooden pegs. The home was not completed until 1813.
 Lac du Portillon is a lake in Pyrénées Haute-Garonne France. At an elevation of 2580 m its surface area is 0.34 km².Perdiguero Peak rises above this lake.
 Fort Morgan is a historic masonry star fort at the mouth of Mobile Bay Alabama United States. Some scholars regard it as one of the finest examples of military architecture in the New World. The post was named in honor of Revolutionary War hero Daniel Morgan. It was built on the site of the earlier Fort Bowyer an earthen and stockade type fortification involved in the final land battles of the War of 1812.
 The Saint Michaels Historic District encompasses the historic center of Saint Michaels Maryland U.S.A. The late 18th- and early 19th-century town is a small seaport on a tributary of the Chesapeake Bay which has retained a high degree of historic integrity. Of particular interest are an unusual number of gallery-fronted houses. While writing Chesapeake James Michener lived here both researching for the book and experiencing life in the historic town.
 Erosaria gangranosa is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.There is one subspecies : Erosaria gangranosa reentsii (Dunker 1852)
 Colonias Unidas is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 ThreeWeeks is a newspaper that covers the Edinburgh Festivals in August respectively[1].It has covered the Edinburgh Festival since 1996 . It also once covered the Brighton Festival in 2006[2] but withdrew due to lack of financial support.
 Cast Away is a 2000 American adventure drama film directed and produced by Robert Zemeckis and starring Tom Hanks as a FedEx employee stranded on an uninhabited island after his plane crashes in the South Pacific. The film depicts his attempts to survive on the island using remnants of his plane's cargo. The film was a critical and commercial success and Hanks was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role at the 73rd Academy Awards for his performance.
 Leuchsenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Secwepemc Museum and Heritage Park is located in Kamloops British Columbia. The inside of the museum has four different galleries showcasing the cultural and traditional lives of the Secwepemc People. The Heritage Park consists of a beautiful trail along the South Thompson River which allows visitors to explore a 2000 year old pithouse and an ethnobotanical garden which is filled with traditional Secwepemc plants.
 Byłyczek [bɨˈwɨt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Śliwice 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Tuchola and 71 km (44 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 50.
 Buzz Ritchie (born June 1947 in Bayshore New York) previously served as a Representative in the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida. He currently lives in Pensacola Florida with his family.[1]
 Zabrus aegaeus is a species ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece.
 Katrina & the Waves 2 is the second album by New Wave band Katrina and the Waves released in 1984 (see 1984 in music).
 Theoretical Chemistry Accounts: Theory Computation and Modeling is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research and review articles in theoretical chemistry quantum chemistry and computational chemistry. It was founded in 1962 as Theoretica Chimica Acta. The publisher is Springer Berlin Heidelberg. The impact factor of this journal is 2.903 (2010). The editor-in-chief is Christopher J.
 Emamzadeh Shafi (Persian: امامزاده شفيع‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Shafīʿ) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 435 in 105 families.
 Panchavadi is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Woodside Plaza is a 29-storey skyscraper in Perth Western Australia. The 137-metre (449 ft) tower serves as the headquarters for Woodside Petroleum and incorporates several energy-efficient design features. When completed in 2004 the building was the first premium-grade skyscraper completed in Perth since Central Park in 1992. It is currently the sixth tallest skyscraper in Perth.
 El Domador is a 1954 Argentine film.
 YAWARA! also known as Yawara! A Fashionable Judo Girl is a Japanese manga series by Naoki Urasawa which ran in Big Comic Spirits from 1986 to 1993.
 Quiet Days in Clichy is a novella written by Henry Miller. It is based on his experience as a Parisian expatriate in the early 1930s when he and Alfred Perlès shared a small apartment in suburban Clichy as struggling writers (at 4 Avenue Anatole-France). It takes place around the time Miller was writing Black Spring. According to his photographer friend George Brassaï Miller admitted the title is “completely misleading.”
 Reverend James Jimmy Womack (born November 30 1953) is an African-American politician and retired doctor from Detroit Michigan. In 2008 he was elected to serve the citizens of the 7th District in the Michigan State House of Representatives. The 7th District is located in north-central Detroit and includes the neighborhoods of Bagley University District Palmer Chaldean Town and other areas north and west of the city of Highland Park. Along with his late wife Dr.
 Nobuhiro Tanabe (田辺 信宏 Tanabe Nobuhiro born August 20 1961 in Shizuoka City) is a Japanese politician. He first entered politics in 1991 served as a member of the City Council for Shizuoka from 1995 to 2003 and is presently serving his first term as mayor of Shizuoka City.
 Constantino Tinnex Galagnara Jaraula (Born June 20 1937) is a Philippine politician He is the former mayor of Cagayan de Oro City He served as representative of the Lone District of Cagayan de Oro during the 11th 12th and 13th Congress.
 Ashok Todi(born 1958) is an Indian industrialist heading the R10-billion Lux Industries group. He is the chairman of Kolkata based inner wear company Lux Industries Ltd. Ashok Todi is also a known face in the Indian consciousness because of his alleged involvement in the Rizwanur Rahman murder case. Rehman married Todi's daughter Priyanka Todi and is said to have been intimidated and murdered on the orders of the tycoon. Rizwanur case: SC sets aside HC order for fresh probe (West Bengal).
 Joint Venture is a compilation album released by the Kottonmouth Kings on November 15 2005. It contains new Kottonmouth Kings songs remixes and songs by Kingspade One Session and Daddy X. The album peaked at #193 on the Billboard 200 and #13 on the Top Independent Albums charts during the week of December 3 2005.
 S. K. Majumdar was one of Patna High Court's leading lawyers who primarily practiced at the Supreme Court of India and the Patna High Court. Majumdar was a well-known practitioner of Income Tax Laws.
 Shah Vali (Persian: شاه ولي‎ also Romanized as Shāh Valī; also known as Qabr Bābā and Qīr-e Bābā Shāh Valī) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 Poison (original Norwegian title: Gift) is an 1883 novel by the Norwegian writer Alexander Kielland. The novel is the first in a trilogy including Fortuna (1884) and St. Hans Fest (1887).This famous novel is an attack on the Norwegian education system particularly on the obsession with Latin.
 Cryptoses waagei is a species of snout moths in the genus Cryptoses. It was described by Bradley in 1982. It is found in Brazil.The wingspan is 13-15 mm with the female usually larger than the male. The forewings are long and narrow with an ochreous white ground colour marked with somewhat diffuse longitudinal streaks or rays consisting of black and grey-black scales mixed with dull purplish and red scales. The hindwings are uniformly dark grey.Adults live in the fur of tree sloths.
 Michael Strogoff: The Courier of the Czar (French: Michel Strogoff) is a novel written by Jules Verne in 1876. Critics including Leonard S. Davidow writing from Reading Pennsylvania in his 1937 introduction to The Spencer Press reprint as a volume in its Classic Romances of Literature series consider it one of Verne's best books.
 Karijärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Veṇvāroha is a work in Sanskrit composed by Mādhava (c.1350 – c.1425) of Sangamagrāma the founder of the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics. It is a work in 74 verses describing methods for the computation of the true positions of the Moon at intervals of about half an hour for various days in an anomalistic cycle. This work is an elaboration of an earlier and shorter work of Mādhava himself titled Sphutacandrāpti. Veṇvāroha is the most popular astronomical work of Mādhava.
 Impulse is a 2007 American young adult novel in verse written by Ellen Hopkins. The novel digs into the lives of three troubled teenagers as they try to work their way out of the hospital by getting through what put them there. Three teens three different stories one death wish. Their lives will intersect at a psych hospital.
 Sir David Brand KCMG (1 August 1912 – 15 April 1979) was an Australian politician. A member of the Liberal Party he was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1945 to 1975 and also the 19th and longest-serving Premier of Western Australia serving four terms from the 1959 to the 1971 elections. He resigned as leader of the Liberal Party in 1973 and retired from politics in 1975 dying from heart disease in 1979.
 The Lars Petterson-James Reidy Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 4 Harlow Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1910 by Lars Petterson a local builder who developed several other Worcester properties. When the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 its Colonial Revival detailing was cited including square posts supporting the porches and a modillioned cornice.
 Pithole Creek is a 17.1-mile (27.5 km) tributary of the Allegheny River in Northwest Pennsylvania in the United States. It has a drainage area of 41.8 square miles (108 km2). Pithole Creek joins the Allegheny River approximately 0.5 miles (0.80 km) upstream of Oleopolis.
 The Ripple is the student newspaper at the University of Leicester England. The fortnightly free newspaper editions has a potential readership of around 10000 students.
 Ozga [ˈɔzɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kamieńsk 19 km (12 mi) north of Radomsko and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Răchita River is a tributary of the Crivadia River in Romania.
 Khel Mohabbat Ka is a 1986 Indian Bollywood film directed by Satish Duggal and produced by Digvijay. It stars Farooq Shaikh and Poonam Dhillon in pivotal roles.
 Simla Special is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role. S V Sekhar Sripriya Thenga sreenivasan YGM Manorama are other major stars appearing in this comedy. The movie was a hit at the box office.
 Ankara Ekspresi (English title: Ankara Express) is a 1970 Turkish film directed by Muzaffer Arslan adapted from the book of the same name by Esat Mahmut Karakurt. It stars Ediz Hun and Filiz Akın.The film won five Golden Orange awards: best film best director (Muzaffer Aslan) best actress (Filiz Akın) best screenplay (Bülent Oran) and best cinematography (Cengiz Tacer)
 William Denis Brown III known as Billy Brown (November 20 1931 - March 6 2012) was a Democratic lawyer and businessman from Monroe Louisiana who was a member of the Louisiana State Senate from 1968 to 1976.
 Traveler's Rest is an early tavern and inn located about 6 miles (10 km) east of Toccoa Georgia United States. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on January 29 1964.Traveler's Rest was built by James R. Wyly around 1815 and served as an inn for traveler's on the newly constructed Unicoi Turnpike. In 1833 it was purchased by Devereaux Jarrett and became the headquarters of his 14000-acre (57 km2) plantation.
 Connecting Spirits is an album by American jazz saxophonist Joseph Jarman and pianist Marilyn Crispell which was recorded live in 1996 and released on the Music & Arts label.
 Święcianowo [ɕfjɛnt͡ɕaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Malechowo 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Sławno and 163 km (101 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.The village has a population of 210.
 Ziarat Mowla (Persian: زيارت مولا‎ also Romanized as Zīārat Mowlá; also known as Khar Bandān and Kharbandavān) is a village in Gurband Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 50 families.
 The Samuel B. Conant House is an historic house at 104 Clay Street in Central Falls Rhode Island.The colonial revival house was constructed in 1895 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Crocodile Safari Man is the title of the 2000 autobiography of Australian adventurer Keith Adams. It is subtitled My Tasmanian Childhood in the Great Depression & 50 Years of Desert Safaris to the Gulf of Carpentaria 1949 - 1999Adams first came to public attention in 1955 when he displayed his home movies of his life in Northern Australia showing how to live with the mammals marsupials reptiles rodents giant fish dugongs and sharks.
 Carsten Staur (born 9 November 1954) is the Permanent Representative of Denmark to the United Nations in Geneva. He presented his credentials on 26 August 2013.
 For When It Rains is a 20000 limited edition VHS by the band Type O Negative which was released in 1994 as an add-on to the Bloody Kisses digi-pack.
 Complex is a New York-based bi-monthly magazine founded by the fashion designer Marc Ecko that has expanded into a lifestyle website and media network for young men aged 16–29.
 Trampin' is an album by Patti Smith released April 27 2004. It was the first album Smith released on the Columbia Records label. Rolling Stone magazine placed the record on its list of The Top 50 Albums of 2004.
 Nam Kul (Persian: نام کول‎ also Romanized as Nām Kūl; also known as ʿAbdāl ʿAlī Karīmī Nām Kūl-e ‘Olyā and Nūn Kūl) is a village in Zirtang Rural District Kunani District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 724 in 151 families.
 Kavaneh-ye Hoseyn (Persian: كاوانه حسين‎ also Romanized as Kāvāneh-ye Ḩoseyn; also known as Gāvāneh and Kāvdāneh) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 43 families.
 The Whaley House is an 1857 Greek Revival style residence a California Historical Landmark and museum located in Old Town San Diego California. It is currently maintained by Save Our Heritage Organisation (SOHO).The Whaley House was the home of Thomas Whaley and his family. At various times it also housed Whaley's general store San Diego's second county courthouse and the first commercial theater in San Diego. The house has witnessed more history than any other building in the city.
 The Warfield Pratt and Howell Company Warehouse is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Milky Way (French: La Voie lactée) is a 1969 film directed by Luis Buñuel. It stars Laurent Terzieff Paul Frankeur Delphine Seyrig Georges Marchal and Michel Piccoli. Buñuel later called The Milky Way the first in a trilogy (along with The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie and The Phantom of Liberty) about “the search for truth.The title of the film comes from the fact that original name for the Milky Way was the Way of St. James which directed pilgrims from northern Europe to Spain.
 Holy Smoke is the fourth solo studio album by English musician Peter Murphy. It was released on 14 April 1992 through Beggars Banquet Records. Produced by Mike Thorne tha album features contributions from Alison Limerick Jonathan Carney Audrey Riley and The Hundred Man his backing band since 1988's Love Hysteria album.Although the album couldn't meet with the commercial success of its predecessor Deep (1990) it peaked at number 108 on Billboard 200 chart.
 Robert Shillingford Babcock (July 22 1915 – September 1 1985) was an American politician Republican from Vermont.He was born in Evanston Illinois to Oliver and Martha (née Shillingford). A Rhodes Scholar he served during World War II in the US Navy.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād; also known as Mihrābād) is a village in Kachu Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 7 families.
 Javkhede is village in Jalgaon district tehsil Amalner in state of Maharashtra India. Population of Javkhede is about 5000.It is situated on banks of a nullah. It lies on Border of Dhule and Jalgaon districts and located between villages Mohadi and Vavade.Majority of people speak Ahirani language (a dialect of Marathi). Most of the people in this village are farmers.
 St Mary Magdalene's Church Battlefield is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Battlefield Shropshire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Shurab-e Hajji (Persian: شوراب حاجي‎ also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Ḩājjī; also known as Ḩājjī Shūrāb and Shūrāb) is a village in Qaslan Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 484 in 110 families.
 Falsopseudomoxia tertia is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae the only species in the genus Falsopseudomoxia.
 Miami Connection is a 1987 independent martial arts film starring Y.K. Kim who also wrote and produced the feature. Originally the film was critically maligned and received poor box office return upon release. It remained unseen for decades until Drafthouse Films restored the film for a proper release in 2012. The film was released on DVD Blu-ray limited-edition VHS and various digital download options on December 11 2012.
 「ネガとポジ」(Nega to Poji) is the fourteen album by the Japanese rock group Plastic Tree.
 Mieleszki [mjɛˈlɛʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Gródek and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Alexei Alexeevich Yepishev also spelled Epishev (Russian: Алексей Алексеевич Епишев; May 19 [O.S. May 6] 1908 - September 15 1985) was a Soviet political officer politician and diplomat. He served as the Chief of the Main Political Directorate of the Soviet Army and Navy from 1962 to 1985.
 Pachyodes haemataria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India.
 Luz M. Santiago González (born November 8 1957 in Yabucoa Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican politician and Senator. Santiago has been a member of the Senate of Puerto Rico since 2008.
 NIN (Serbian Cyrillic: НИН) is a weekly newsmagazine published in Belgrade Serbia. Its name is an acronym for Nedeljne informativne novine (Недељне информативне новине) which roughly translates into Weekly Informational Newspaper.Though a current events magazine in its essence NIN also earned an esteemed reputation due to a long tradition of opening its pages to the best and the brightest within Serbian and previously Yugoslav society whether in arts sciences or even sports.
 Homona is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Birds of the Western Palearctic (full title Handbook of the Birds of Europe the Middle East and North Africa: The Birds of the Western Palearctic; often referred to by the initials BWP) is a nine-volume ornithological handbook covering the birds of the western portion of the Palearctic zoogeographical region.
 Dr. Narreddy Tulasi Reddy is an Indian politician. He is Chairman of 20 Point Program committee chairman. He belongs to Indian National Congress.
 The Politics of Religious Apostasy: The Role of Apostates in the Transformation of Religious Movements edited by David G.
 Express Yourself is a 2004 (see 2004 in music) album featuring a jazz trio led by the Dutch jazz pianist and composer Erik van der Luijt.
 The Quiet American is a 1958 American film and the first film adaptation of Graham Greene's bestselling novel of the same name and the first major American attempt to deal with the geo-politics of Indochina. It was written and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and stars Audie Murphy Michael Redgrave and Giorgia Moll.
 Antolka [anˈtɔlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielki within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Książ Wielki 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Miechów and 40 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 310.
 UCLA Medical Center Santa Monica is a hospital located within the city of Santa Monica California USA. The hospital was founded in 1926 and is a member of the UCLA Health System. The hospital is also known internationally for operating its Rape Treatment Center and the adjoining Stuart House for sexually abused children.
 The Bastard Prince is a fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Del Rey Books in 1994. It was the twelfth of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published and the third book in her fourth Deryni trilogy The Heirs of Saint Camber. Although the Heirs trilogy was the fourth Deryni series to be published it is a direct sequel to the second trilogy The Legends of Camber of Culdi.
 Sanikatta is a twin village (combined with Talgeri) in Kumta taluk of Uttara Kannada district Karnataka India. This place is about a few square kilometres in extent. It is in the neighborhood of Gokarna Devarbhavi Torke and Tadadi port. The place Sanikatta is the oldest salt-manufacturing village in the Karnataka State. Beginning from 1720 Sanikatta has continued manufacturing salt for nearly 300 years.
 Cassel Mathale (born 23 January 1961) was the premier of Limpopo in South Africa. succeeding Sello Moloto. He is the former provincial chairman of Limpopo for the African National Congress. He resigned as premier on 15 July 2013He attended Phangasasa High School and the University of the Western Cape.
 My Old Man is a 1979 television film directed by John Erman. The film is based on an Ernest Hemingway story that had previously been adapted for the 1950 film Under My Skin.
 Gateways is the seventh volume in a series of Repairman Jack books written by American author F. Paul Wilson. The book was first published by Gauntlet Press in a signed limited first edition (2003) then later as a trade hardcover from Forge (November 2003) and a mass market paperback from Forge (February 2006).
 Glyphipterix synarma is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. It is found in India (Assam).
 Hakimabad (Persian: حكيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩakīmābād) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 32 families.
 Colour the Small One is an album by Australian singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Sia which was released in Australia and the United Kingdom on 19 January 2004. It is her third solo studio album and was issued in the United States on 3 February 2004. Production was by Jimmy Hogarth who also co-wrote three tracks and provided various instruments.
 The Book of Artifacts (abbreviated as BoA) is a supplemental sourcebook to the core rules of the second edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. This book published by TSR Inc. in 1993 details 50 different artifacts special magic items found within the game at the Dungeon Master's option.
 Makaniyeh-ye Salahaviyeh (Persian: مكنيه صلاحاويه‎ also Romanized as Makanīyeh-ye Salāḥāvīyeh) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 769 in 100 families.
 The Evolution of Robin Thicke is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Robin Thicke released by Star Trak Records on October 3 2006. Guest appearances from Faith Evans Lil Wayne and Pharrell were included. The album was re-released as a Deluxe Edition on February 13 2007 and included three new bonus tracks.
 Christ Episcopal Church is a historic church on Poplar Street in Elizabethtown Kentucky.It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 Liverpool Interlomas is a branch of the Liverpool department store chain in the Paseo Interlomas shopping mall in the Interlomas neighborhood of Huixquilucan Greater Mexico City. The structure was designed by Rojkind Arquitectos. The building also houses a 16-screen Cinepolis cinema an ice rink 12 restaurants and a food court with 180 vendors.The building gained the nickname El OVNI (the UFO) for its shape.
 Lazar Lazo M. Kostić (1897–1979) was a Montenegrin Serb nationalist writer economist statistician and doctor of law.Kostić was born on 15 March 1897 in Vranovići near Kotor in the Kingdom of Dalmatia within the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
 Paper (Turkish: Kağıt) is a 2010 Turkish comedy-drama film directed by Sinan Çetin which tells the story of a young director trying to make his first film. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on January 14 2011 (2011-01-14) was premiered in competition at the 47th International Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival (October 9–14 2010).
 Uch Tappeh (Persian: اوچ تپه‎ also Romanized as Ūch Tappeh) is a village in Tork-e Sharqi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1380 in 281 families.
 The Greeting is a 1978 live album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner his thirteenth release on the Milestone label. It was recorded in March 1978 at the Great American Music Hall and features performances by Tyner with a sextet featuring George Adams Joe Ford Charles Fambrough Woody Sonship Theus and Guilherme Franco and a solo performance of John Coltrane's Naima. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow calls the album One of the better McCoy Tyner records on Milestone...
 The Purple-barred Yellow (Lythria purpuraria) is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from western Europe to Siberia Russia Ukraine Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan.Adults are on wing from April to June and again from July to September. It is a day-flying species. There are two generations per year.The larvae feed on Polygonum aviculare.
 The Oasis Hospital is a hospital in Al Ain United Arab Emirates that was established in 1960 by the American missionary couple Drs. Pat and Marian Kennedy. It is the oldest hospital in Al Ain and is currently a 200 bedded facility owned by CURE International.
 Busting Through the Van Allan Belt is the seventh album by Helios Creed released on April 15 1994 through Cleopatra Records.
 Jerome Richard known as Dee Richard (born March 27 1955) is one of two Independent members of the Louisiana House of Representatives. A native and resident of Thibodaux Richard has since 2008 represented District 55 which encompasses Lafourche Parish Louisiana.
 Orphan School Creek is a storm drain located in inner Sydney New South Wales. It is a tributary of Johnstons Creek which flows into Rozelle Bay. Located at 33.882663°S 151.176219°E﻿ / -33.882663; 151.176219
 Thalikottai Rajuthevar Baalu or T.R. Baalu (born June 15 1941 in Thalikottai Thiruvarur District in Tamil Nadu) is an Indian Tamil politician. T.R. Baalu did his BSc from New College in Madras University and diploma in drafting engineering drawings from Central polytechnic Chennai. He is a member of Lok Sabha of India from Sriperumpudur constituency of Tamil Nadu and has been elected five times since 1996.
 John George Lambton 1st Earl of Durham GCB PC (12 April 1792 – 28 July 1840) also known as Radical Jack and commonly referred to in Canadian history texts simply as Lord Durham was a British Whig statesman colonial administrator Governor General and high commissioner of British North America.
 Uncompromising War on Art Under the Dictatorship of the Proletariat is the fifth album by Killdozer released on March 14 1994 through Touch and Go Records.
 Fairbank Lake is a lake in Northern Ontario Canada located within the Walden region of Greater Sudbury.
 Mission of Honor by David Weber and published on June 22 2010 by Baen Books is the twelfth novel set in the Honorverse in the main Honor Harrington series. It debuted at #13 on the New York Times Hardcover Fiction Best Seller List.
 The Death of the West: How Dying Populations and Immigrant Invasions Imperil Our Culture and Civilization is a 2001 book by paleoconservative commentator Patrick J. Buchanan.
 The House at 193 Vernon Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is a late Federal-style house built. c. 1840. The 2.5 story wood frame house is a rare local example of a three-wide four-deep construction. It has a main entrance on the front facade that has sidelights and a pedimented entablature that were probably added later and also has a side entrance with a Federal-style transom and sidelights.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Četojevići (Serbian: Четојевићи) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Łętów [ˈwɛntuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowie within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Borowie 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Garwolin and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Streblidae are flies in the superfamily Hippoboscoidea and together with their relatives the Nycteribiidae are known as bat flies. They are winged or wingless ectoparasites of bats and often have long legs. They appear to be host-specific with different species of bat flies occurring only on particular species of bat hosts sometimes with multiple species of flies sharing a host bat.
 Arthur Levitt Jr. (born February 3 1931) was the twenty-fifth and longest-serving Chairman of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) from 1993 to 2001. Widely hailed as a champion of the individual investor he has been criticized for not pushing for tougher accounting rules. Since May 2001 he has been employed as a senior adviser at the Carlyle Group. Levitt also serves as a policy advisor to Goldman Sachs and as a Director of Bloomberg LP parent of Bloomberg News.
 Zuzanów [zuˈzanuf] is a village in Otwock County Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory Poland. The population is near 80. From 1975 to 1998 village was in Siedlce Voivodeship. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Sobienie-Jeziory 22 km (14 mi) south of Otwock and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 The Good Lord Bird is a 2013 novel written by James McBride about a slave who unites with John Brown in his abolitionist mission. The novel won the National Book Award for Fiction in 2013 and received positive to mixed reviews from critics.
 Dark Rivers of the Heart is a novel by Dean Koontz published in 1994.
 Vision of Misery is the third full-length album by the thrash metal band Sadus released in 1992. Reissued by Displeased Records in 2007 with a bonus DVD.
 Syzemology is the debut album by underground rapper King Syze. It was officially released on 30 May 2006.
 Hellebore Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island which is the expansion of Marblerock Creek.
 The Master is a 2012 American drama film written directed and co-produced by Paul Thomas Anderson and starring Joaquin Phoenix Philip Seymour Hoffman and Amy Adams. It tells the story of Freddie Quell (Phoenix) a World War II veteran struggling to adjust to a post-war society who meets Lancaster Dodd (Hoffman) a leader of a religious movement known as The Cause who sees something in Quell and accepts him into the movement.
 The Masonic Lodge 570 building is a historic Moderne style building in San Angelo Texas. The building was constructed in 1927 as a meeting hall for San Angelo Lodge #570 (a local area Masonic lodge). It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Lake Gregory also known as the Isis Balancing Storage or simply as The Duckpond is a small impoundment between Bundaberg and Childers in Queensland Australia. It is 2 square kilometres in area with an average depth of 3.1 m and holds just over 6000 ML.
 Zargush (Persian: زرگوش‎ also Romanized as Zargūsh) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 18 families.
 La Revue musicale was a music magazine founded by Henry Prunières in 1920. La Revue musicale of Prunières was undoubtedly the first music publishing magazine giving as much attention to the quality of editing iconography and illustration.
 Bhaji on the Beach is a 1993 British comedy drama film by director Gurinder Chadha with a screenplay by Meera Syal.
 This article is about the 2001 film. For the actress on which it is based see Zubeida Begum. For the silent film actress see Zubeida.Zubeidaa (Hindi: ज़ुबैदा Urdu: زبیدہ‎) is a 2001 Indian film directed by Shyam Benegal and written by Khalid Mohammed. It stars Karisma Kapoor Rekha Manoj Bajpai Surekha Sikri Rajit Kapoor Lillete Dubey Amrish Puri Farida Jalal and Shakti Kapoor.
 Qaleh Sorkheh (Persian: قلعه سرخه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sorkheh) is a village in Holayjan Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 29 families.
 Keskvere is a village in Martna Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 The Valea Verde River is a tributary of the Tărâia River in Romania.
 The Heritage Range is a major mountain range 160 km (99 mi) long and 48 km (30 mi) wide situated southward of Minnesota Glacier and forming the southern half of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.
 The Tisa River is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania.
 Diana Mele Carroll (born in Oahu Hawaii) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Hawaii House of Representatives since February 4 2005 representing District 13. Carroll was initially appointed by Governor Linda Lingle to the vacancy caused by the resignation of Sol Kahoohalahala.
 Zoenoffer is a 2001 novel by Belgian author Pieter Aspe. It won the 2001 Hercule Poirot Prize.
 Lopo de Brito was the second Captain of Portuguese Ceylon. Brito succeeded João da Silveira and was appointed in 1518 under Manuel I of Portugal he was Captain until 1522. He was succeeded by Fernão Gomes de Lemos.
 Monema is a genus of moths of the Limacodidae family.
 Culture Health & Sexuality is a peer-reviewed scholarly journal that publishes multi-disciplinary articles analyzing culture and health health beliefs and systems social structures and divisions and the implications of these for sexual health and individual collective and community wellbeing. It is the official journal if the International Association for the Study of Sexuality Culture and Society (IASSCS).
 St. Patrick's Catholic Church is a historic church on Academy Hill Road in Newcastle Maine.It was built in 1807 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It bears the distinction of being the oldest existing catholic church in New England.
 David Myles FitzSimmons (born August 4 1978) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota he represents District 30B in east-central Minnesota.
 Stilifer akahitode is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Stilifer.
 Ten Years of Triakel is the name of the fourth album by the Swedish folk band Triakel. It was released in 2005 as a limited numbered edition on Triakel Records and features recordings from live Triakel performances between 1996 and 2005. The CD was not sold in stores.
 Lomatia belzebul is a species of 'bee flies' belonging to the family Bombyliidae subfamily Lomatiinae. This species is mainly present in France Greece Italy Portugal southern Russia Spain Switzerland in eastern Palearctic ecozone in the Near East and in North Africa. The adults grow up to 10–13 millimetres (0.39–0.51 in) long. The wings have a wide brown band close to costal margin. The striped abdomen can confuse them with some Hymenoptera for predators.
 Up From Down Under is an album by Australian musician Tommy Emmanuel. It was re-released as Two Originals: Up From Down Under/Dare to Be Different by Sony.
 Acrolophus emphytopa is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Hold That Lion! is the 100th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Hossein Ghods-Nakhaï (Persian: حسین قدس نخعی‎) (Tehran 1911[citation needed]–1977[citation needed]) was an Iranian poet politician cabinet minister and diplomat.
 Schönfeld is a lunar crater that is located just beyond the northwestern limb of the Moon on the far side from the Earth. This part of the surface can sometimes be brought into view during periods of favorable libration and illumination although not much detail can be discerned. This crater is located to the north of Avicenna and the huge walled plain Lorentz.
 Norica Nicolai (born Norica Clinci; January 27 1958) is a Romanian lawyer and politician. A member of the National Liberal Party (PNL) she was a member of the Romanian Senate for Cluj County from 2000 to 2008 and has been a Member of the European Parliament since 2009.
 Thavam (English:Penance) is a Tamil film released in 2007. It failed to make an impact at the box office. It was a remake of telugu film Itlu Sravani Subramanyam.
 Kamchah (Persian: كم چاه‎ also Romanized as Kamchāh) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 21 families.
 Like a Prayer is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna released on March 21 1989 by Sire Records three years after her previous studio album. Madonna worked with Stephen Bray Patrick Leonard and fellow icon Prince on the album while co-writing and co-producing all the songs. As Madonna's most introspective release at the time Like a Prayer has been described as a confessional record.
 The Compact XTC: The Singles 1978-1985 is a compilation album by XTC released in 1987. It replaced Waxworks: Some Singles 1977-1982 as a Greatest Hits album adding six singles issued between English Settlement and The Big Express. It took advantage of the compact disc's greater storage capacity to limit it to a single disc.
 Asadabad (Persian: اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Asadābād; also known as Asadābād-e Pā’īn Khavāf) is a village in Zozan Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 898 in 202 families.
 Proserpinus flavofasciata the Yellow-banded Day Sphinx is a species of hawk moth which occurs at the edges of and in clearings in boreal and mountain forests across Canada as far south as Maine and Massachusetts in the east and as far north as Alaska in the west. It is much commoner in the west of its range.
 Exilia expeditionis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ptychatractidae.
 The Opening of Misty Beethoven is an American hardcore pornography film released in 1976. It was produced with a relatively high budget and filmed on elaborate locations in Paris New York City and Rome with a musical score and it owes much to its fastidious director Radley Metzger (directing this film as Henry Paris).
 In this Burmese name Nga is an honorific.Commander Nga Nu also known as Athwinthin Hmu Nga Nu (Burmese: အတွင်းသင်းမှူး ငနု [ʔətwɪ́ɴθɪ́ɴ m̥ú ŋə nṵ]) was a military commander in the service of King Thadominbya of Ava and a close adviser to the king. After the death of Thadominbya in September 1367 the commander tried to seize the throne with the help of Queen Saw Omma.
 The Church of the Immaculate Heart of Mary or as named in its Grade II* architectural listing The Oratory is a large neo-classical Roman Catholic Church in South Kensington London. It is traditionally also known as Brompton Oratory which distinguishes it as a church rather than its connected clergy and religious community and is closely connected with London Oratory School.
 Green Spring Valley Historic District is a national historic district near Stevenson in Baltimore County Maryland United States. It is a suburban area of Baltimore that acquires significance from the collection of 18th 19th and early 20th century buildings. The park-like setting retains a late 19th-early 20th century atmosphere.
 Sufiabad-e Sofla (Persian: صوفي ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Şūfīābād-e Soflá; also known as Şūfīābād) is a village in Shenetal Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 26 families.
 İmamlar is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 86 people.
 Supersytem released in 1998 is the debut album by the Feelers. Since its release it has sold over four times platinum in the NZ Music Charts and is the winner of five NZ music awards in 1998. Singles include Pressure Man Venus Friend and Supersystem.
 All Things Betray Thee by Gwyn Thomas is a novel of early industrialism in South Wales. It was first published in 1949 and was republished in 1986 with an introduction by Raymond WilliamsSet in 1835 this work is significantly different from most of Gwyn Thomas's work. It is both an interesting personal story and an account of the origin of the industrialised and mostly English-speaking society of the South Wales Valleys.
 Dhaka Westin is a Westin Hotel located at Gulshan Avenue in Dhaka. Its addresses are on Plot-01 Road 45 Gulshan-2 Dhaka 1212 Bangladesh . At 85.91 m (281.85 ft) it is the tallest hotel in Bangladesh and one of the tallest hotels in South Asia. It has 24 floors. It was completed in 2006. In its original form the hotel incorporated six restaurants and no less than 241 rooms.
 Coleophora cornutella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the Pyrenees and the Alps and from France to Romania.The wingspan is 9–10 mm.The larvae feed on Betula pubescens. They feed only on seedlings of less than 50 mm high. They create a bivalved lobe case. The front end is very broad and the rear end strongly narrowed and curved downwards. The length is 7-7.5 mm and the mouth angle is about 30°. Larvae can be found from September to May.
 Live in Marciac is a live album by American pianist and composer Brad Mehldau released on the Nonesuch label in 2011. The album consists of 2 CDs and a DVD featuring Mehldau's performance at Jazz in Marciac in France in 2006.
 Pyramid Electric Co. is the first full-length solo album by Jason Molina released in 2004 on Secretly Canadian Records. It was recorded by Mike Mogis and received universal critical acclaim according to Metacritic (with an 81 aggregate score).
 The SOS Adventure series is a trilogy of young-adult novels written by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman released between June 2010 and March 2011. The novels surround teenager Michael Monroe and his adventures with a team of international environmental rescue operatives known as SOS. The first novel in the series was longlisted for the children's Northern Ireland Book Award 2010-11.
 Corbicula is a genus of freshwater and brackish water clams aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Corbiculidae the basket clams. The genus name is the New Latin diminutive of Latin corbis a basket referring to the shape and ribs of the shell.The genus Corbicula includes sixteen species described to date. The best known species is Corbicula fluminea an invasive species in many areas of the world.
 The Susan Russell House is a historic house at 58 Sycamore Street in Somerville Massachusetts. The 1.5 story Greek Revival cottage is estimated to have been built in the 1830s based a stylistic analysis. It is a rare survivor of a style that was once common in Somerville. Its principal surviving Greek Revival element is its door surround.
 Marcus H. Holcomb (November 28 1844 - March 5 1932) was an American politician and the 66th Governor of Connecticut.
 Kal Kissne Dekha (Hindi: कल किसने देखा translation: Who knows what will happen tomorrow? lit. Who has seen tomorrow?) is an Bollywood sci-fi romance film directed by Vivek Sharma who earlier directed Bhootnath. The film introduces debutantes Jackky Bhagnani and Vaishali Desai. It has been reported to have similarities with the 2007 Hollywood film Next starring Nicolas Cage. Kal Kissne Dekha released on 12 June 2009 and was an box office flop.
 The Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía (MNCARS also called the Museo Reina Sofía Queen Sofía Museum El Reina Sofía or simply The Sofia) is Spain's national museum of 20th century art. The museum was officially inaugurated on September 10 1992 and is named for Queen Sofía.
 Joel M. Kleefisch (born June 8 1971) is an American politician and a former television reporter. His wife Rebecca Kleefisch is also in state politics as the current Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin.
 The Adam Clayton Powell Jr. State Office Building originally the Harlem State Office Building is a nineteen story high-rise office building located at 163 West 125th Street at the corner of Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It is named after Adam Clayton Powell Jr. the first African-American elected to Congress from New York and was designed by the African-American architecture firm of Ifill Johnson Hanchard in the Brutalist style.
 Grandelberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Lady Death: The Movie is a 2004 American animated film based on the comic book character Lady Death. This film was the first animation project produced by now-defunct anime distributor A.D. Vision. It had premiered at the 2004 Comic-Con convention. The film was released on DVD October 9 2004 and had been aired on A.D. Vison's Anime Network. This film has not been rated. A Blu-ray Disc edition of the film was released by AEsir Holdings and Section23 Films on September 20 2011.
 The lesser long-nosed bat (Leptonycteris yerbabuenae) is a medium-sized bat found in Central and North America. It is sometimes known as Sanborn's long-nosed bat or the Mexican long-nosed bat though the latter name is better avoided since it is also used for the entire genus Leptonycteris and for one of the other species in it the greater long-nosed bat (L. nivalis).
 Birchley Hall is a grade II* listed Elizabethan house built in about 1594 in Billinge Merseyside England. It is situated in postcode WN5 7QL.Birchley Hall was bought by Christopher Anderton of Lostock in about 1581. The present building was built by one son James and extended by another son Thurston in 1594. There is an inscription stone carved with 'TA 1594' on the front of the house TA being attributed to Thurston.
 Inside Job is a 1946 American crime film noir directed by Jean Yarbrough and starring Preston Foster Ann Rutherford Alan Curtis and Milburn Stone.
 Xestia wockei is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from Siberia and northern North America including Quebec Newfoundland and Labrador the Northwest Territories and Yukon.
 Scoparia dicteella is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in mainland Greece and on Crete.The wingspan is about 23 mm.
 Little Alberta is a mountain located east of Habel Creek in the Canadian Rockies of Jasper National Park. The mountain was named in 1984 after nearby Mount Alberta (3619 m (11873 ft)).The Alpine Club of Canada (ACC) operates the Lloyd MacKay Hut on a rocky shoulder of Little Alberta.
 The Mammaries of the Welfare State is an English-language Indian novel the sequel to Upamanyu Chatterjee’s debut novel English August. It won the Sahitya Akademi Award (English) in 2004.The novel brought its author the 2004 Sahitya Akademi Award for English by the Sahitya Akademi India's National Academy of Letters.
 The Regame River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Fayez Ghosn (Arabic: فايز غصن‎) (born 28 June 1950) is a Lebanese politician the minister of defense and a member of the Marada Movement.
 A Question of Guilt is a novel in the Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew super mystery series.
 Bożepole Wielkie [bɔʐɛˈpɔlɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Boschpol csb. Wiôldżé Bòżé Pòlé) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Łęczyce 19 km (12 mi) west of Wejherowo and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2089.
 Absolutely Normal Chaos is a children's or young-adult novel by Sharon Creech published in the U.K. by Macmillan Children's Books in 1990. It was the American author's first book for children completed at the midpoint of nearly two decades living in England and Switzerland.
 Bride of Vengeance is a 1949 Italian Renaissance era adventure film directed by Mitchell Leisen.
 Beetlejuice is a 1988 American comedy fantasy film directed by Tim Burton produced by The Geffen Film Company and distributed by Warner Bros.
 3rdburglar is the third studio album by Canadian rapper Wordburglar.
 Caught Up is a 1998 American crime-drama film written and directed by Darin Scott. The film stars Bokeem Woodbine and Cynda Williams.
 Natur (Persian: ناطور‎ also Romanized as Nāţūr) is a village in Sanjabad-e Jonubi Rural District Firuz District Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 18 families.
 Tien Hung-mao (Chinese: 田弘茂; pinyin: Tián Hóngmào) is a politician in the Republic of China. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs in 20 May 2000 until 1 February 2002.
 Sugan is an album by saxophonist Phil Woods with pianist Red Garland recorded in 1957 and originally released on the Status label a subsidiary of Prestige Records.
 Old School Baptist Church of Halcottsville is a historic Baptist church building on Old NY 30 in Halcottsville Delaware County New York. It is a one story wood frame building constructed in 1886 by Eld. Isaac Hewitt as a branch of the Second Old School Baptist Church of Roxbury. The interior features a traditional meeting house plan.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Stenoalata is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Typhlops wilsoni the Iranian worm snake is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family. It is endemic to Iran.
 Rospebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Journal of Defense Modeling and Simulation is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of engineering especially modeling and simulation as it relates to the military and defense. The editor-in-chief is Jerry M. Couretas (Lockheed Martin Corporation). It was established in 2004 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for Modeling and Simulation International.
 Oak City Christian Church (Oak City Church of Christ) is a historic church at 310 W. Commerce Street in Oak City North Carolina.It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 Brachycythara is a genus of very small predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae.
 Sinister Wisdom is a multicultural lesbian literary and art journal by and for lesbians. The magazine is the oldest surviving lesbian literary journal; now more than 30 years in print. Sinister Wisdom is published quarterly in Berkeley California and provides free subscriptions to incarcerated and institutionalized women as well as reduced-price subscriptions for lesbians with limited/fixed incomes.
 Assemblymember Isadore Hall III first elected to the California State Assembly in November 2008 represents the 64th Assembly District that includes the communities of Carson Compton Gardena Harbor Gateway Lynwood North Long Beach Rancho Dominguez South Los Angeles Torrance Watts/Willowbrook and Wilmington.Hall currently serves as the Chair of the Assembly Governmental Organization Committee.
 The Machángara River is a river of Ecuador.
 The Kettle River is a 175-mile (282 km) tributary of the Columbia River in northeastern Washington in the United States and southeastern British Columbia in Canada. Its drainage basin is 4200 square miles (11000 km2) large of which 3177 square miles (8230 km2) are in Canada and 1023 square miles (2650 km2) in the United States. The indigenous name of the river in the Okanagan language is nxʷyaʔłpítkʷ (Ne-hoi-al-pit-kwu.)
 Barlowe's Guide to Extraterrestrials is a 1979 science fiction book by artist Wayne Barlowe with Ian Summers and Beth Meacham (who provided the text). It contains his visualizations of different extraterrestrial life forms from various works of science fiction with information on their planetary location or range biology and behaviors in the style of a real field guide for animals such as Roger Tory Peterson's guide to birds of North America.
 Carson McCullers House is a historic home located at South Nyack in Rockland County New York. It is a two-story Second Empire style residence constructed in 1880 and modified with subsequent interior and exterior modifications largely in the Colonial Revival spirit about 1910. It is a frame structure built originally as parsonage three bays wide and four bays deep.
 Ghosts is the seventh album from German techno music producer Monolake (also known as Robert Henke). It is the second part of what is claimed to be a trilogy of three albums that began with Monolake's sixth album Silence. Although the album follows a primarily techno aesthetic it also incorporates elements of drum n' bass dubstep and ambient music.
 Sewu is an 8th-century Buddhist temple located 800 meters north of Prambanan in Central Java. Candi Sewu is actually the second largest Buddhist Temple in Central Java after Borobudur. Candi Sewu predates Loro Jonggrang. Although originally only around 249 temples are present the name in Javanese translates to 'a thousand temples' which originated from popular local folklore; The Legend of Loro Jonggrang. The original name of this temple compound is probably Manjusrigrha.
 The American Journal of Semiotics is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering semiotics. It was established in 1981 and is the official journal of the Semiotic Society of America. The journal publishes articles responses or comments and critical reviews. All volumes are available online from the Philosophy Documentation Center.
 Callopistria latreillei Latreille's Latin is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species can be found in the Palaearctic ecozone most parts of Europe Asia and in Africa from Egypt to South Africa. The habitat consists of rocky limestone slopes with deciduous woodland.The wingspan is about 25 millimetres (0.98 in).
 First Union Protestant Church of Mountain View is a historic church at 7 Church Road in Bellmont New York.It was built in 1915 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Margarett H. Campbell is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives representing District 31 since 2004. She currently serves as a Minority Whip.
 Audrey Moore is a politician from Fairfax County Virginia who has previously served one term as Chairwoman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. She won the position after defeating Republican Jack Herrity for reelection in 1987. She had served before that as a member of the board from the Annandale district.
 Escanaba in da Moonlight (da is Yooper for the) is a 2001 movie starring Jeff Daniels. It is a comedy about hunting and hunting traditions and is set (and filmed) in the Escanaba Michigan area. The movie is the film adaptation of the play of the same name which premiered at Jeff Daniels' Purple Rose Theatre in Chelsea Michigan.
 Yargatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 The Scotland Yard Mystery is a 1934 British crime film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Gerald du Maurier George Curzon Grete Natzler Belle Chrystall and Wally Patch. A criminal doctor operates a racket claiming life insurance by injecting victims with a life suspending serum turning them into living dead. The film is based on a play by Wallace Geoffrey. It was made by one of the biggest British companies of the era British International Pictures at their Elstree Studios.
 Dan Neville (born 8 December 1946) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He is a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Limerick constituency. He previously represented the Limerick West constituency.He was a member of Limerick County Council from 1985 to 2003. Due to the abolition of the dual mandate Neville stepped down from Limerick County Council to be replaced by his son Tom Neville. Neville first stood as a candidate for Dáil Éireann at the 1987 general election when he failed to win a seat.
 Keep on Masturbating: Non-Stop Pleasure (連続ＯＮＡＮＩＥ　乱れっぱなし Renzoku onanie: midareppanashi) aka Serial Masturbation: Disorder is a 1994 Japanese Pink film directed by Toshiya Ueno. It was chosen as Best Film of the year at the 1994 Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Rhyothemis fenestrina known as the Black-winged flutterer Golden flutterer or Skylight flutterer is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Botswana the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Gabon Ghana Kenya Liberia Malawi Namibia Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone Tanzania Uganda Zambia and possibly Burundi. Its natural habitats are swamps intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Surfing In Siberia is a 1997 album by the Red Elvises.
 Thuldai (Nepali: ठुल्दै translation: Big Brother) is a 1999 Nepali film directed by Dayaram Dahal and features music by Shambhujeet Baskota. The film has a star cast that includes Jal Shah Shiv Shrestha Niruta Singh and Sunil Thapa.
 Ashley is a 2013 film directed by Dean Ronalds.
 Group Captain Ishaya Aboi Shekari was military governor of Kano State Nigeria between September 1978 and October 1979 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo handing over to the elected civilian governor Muhammadu Abubakar Rimi at the start of the Nigerian Second Republic.After retiring Shekari entered business.
 Ellerton Priory was a priory in North Yorkshire England.
 Rahu Qulluta (Quechua rahu snow ice mountain with snow qulluta kalluta mortar hispanicized spellings Rajucollota Raju Collota) Suyruqucha (Quechua suyru very long dress tracked after when worn qucha lake hispanicized Suerococha) named after the nearby lake or Diablo Mudo (Spanish for dumb devil) is a mountain in the west of the Waywash mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5427 metres (17805 ft) high.
 Ramona Quimby Age 8 (1981) by Beverly Cleary is the sixth book of the popular Ramona series. Ramona Quimby is in the third grade now at a new school and making some new friends. With Beezus in Jr. High and Mr. Quimby going back to college Ramona feels the pressure with everyone counting on her to manage at school by herself and get along with Willa Jean after school every day. Ramona Quimby Age 8 was named a Newbery Honor book in 1982.
 St Peter's Church Delamere is in an isolated position to the south of the village of Delamere Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich.
 South Shore Plaza is an upscale shopping mall owned by the Simon Property Group. It is located in Braintree Massachusetts. With 2165000 sq ft (201100 m2) of leasable area and 220 retailers it is the largest mall in New England in terms of square footage and is the 15th largest mall in the United States.
 Parpholema is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 The Barnum Museum is a museum in Bridgeport Connecticut USA with an extensive collection related to P. T. Barnum and the history of Bridgeport Connecticut housed in a historic building on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Martin Callinan is a former Garda Commissioner (head of Ireland's national police force). He retired in March 2014.Callinan is a two time graduate of the FBI National Academy in Quantico Virginia (United States) qualifying in law enforcement management (1995) and the National Executive Institute programme (2010) for international Chiefs of Police. He holds a BA (Hons) Degree in Police Management.
 The Coal Palace was a temporary exhibition center that stood in Ottumwa Iowa from 1890 until 1892. It was used most prominently to showcase the local coal mining industry.During its brief history President Benjamin Harrison and Congressman William McKinley visited the building but a decline in attendance and nature's toll on the building's exterior ultimately resulted in the building's demolition in 1892.
 Sea of Red is a comic book series about 16th century vampire pirates which was published from 2005 to 2006 by Image Comics. The series was written by Rick Remender and Kieron Dwyer and drawn by Salgood Sam and Paul Harmon.
 Killing Time Again (1998) is a two-disk aggrotech album by Funker Vogt.
 Sir Francis Theodore Page Burt AC KCMG QC (14 June 1918 – 8 September 2004) was an Australian jurist who served as the 11th Chief Justice of Western Australia from 1977 to 1988 and the 29th Governor of Western Australia from 1990 to 1993. Burt was born in Cottesloe a suburb of Perth Western Australia and educated at Guildford Grammar School.
 Tum Teav (Khmer: ទុំទាវ) is a 2003 Romance-tragedy Cambodian film portrays the tragedy of the star-crossed lovers Tum and Teav. The film inspired a love story which has been told throughout Cambodia since the 19th century revived a Khmer proverb states that The Cake is never bigger than the Basket. Literally daughters (cake) were thought not to be able to find a good family without the help of their mothers (basket).
 Batman & Robin is a 1997 American superhero film based on the DC Comics character Batman. It is the fourth and final film of Warner Bros.' initial Batman film series. The film was directed by Joel Schumacher and written by Akiva Goldsman. It stars George Clooney Chris O'Donnell Arnold Schwarzenegger Uma Thurman as well as Alicia Silverstone. Batman & Robin tells the story of the Dynamic Duo as they attempt to prevent Mr.
 Jayne and Mason Bank Building is a historic bank building located at Webster in Monroe County New York. It is a Beaux Arts style structure built in 1906 to house the Jayne and Mason Bank.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. Joining it on the Register is the home of one of the bank's owners the William C. Jayne House located less than one half mile east.
 Ventricolaria is a genus of molluscs in the family Veneridae.
 The Nakatsu River (中津川 Nakatsu-gawa) is a river in Iwate Prefecture Japan. It flows through the city of Morioka where it enters the Kitakami River.
 Luxury Liner is a 1933 American drama film directed by Lothar Mendes and starring George Brent Zita Johann and Vivienne Osborne. It was based on a 1932 novel by Gina Kaus and made by Paramount Pictures. Mendes worked on a number of films for Paramount during the era. Shortly after making the film he went to Britain where he directed his most celebrated film Jew Süss.
 Haslochbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Phyllodesmium iriomotense is a species of sea slug an aolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Facelinidae.The specific name iriomotense refres to its type locality the island Iriomote.
 James Thompson Garrow (March 11 1843 – August 31 1916) was an Ontario lawyer and political figure. He represented Huron West in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1890 to 1902.He was born in Chippawa Welland County Canada West in 1843 the son of Edward Garrow a Scottish immigrant. He studied law was called to the bar in 1868 entered practice in Goderich with Malcolm Colin Cameron and was named Queen's Counsel in 1885. In 1872 he married Mary Balfour Fletcher.
 The Col de Turini (el. 1607 m) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Alpes-Maritimes in France.It lies near Sospel between the communes of Moulinet and La Bollène-Vésubie in the Arrondissement of Nice. It is famous for a stage of the Monte Carlo Rally which is held on the tight road with its many hairpin turns.
 Music Theory Spectrum (ISSN 0195-6167) is a peer-reviewed academic journal specializing in music theory and analysis. It is the official journal of the Society for Music Theory and is published by University of California Press in Berkeley California. The journal was first published in 1979 as the official organ of the Society for Music Theory which had been founded in 1977 and had its first conference in 1978.
 Netrocerocora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Charles T. Logue is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He was born in Pittsburgh in 1922.He was first elected in April 1976
 Airports of the World is a bi-monthly magazine which looks at the people and companies that make up many of the world's airports. It is published in the United Kingdom by Key Publishing and available worldwide. It is also available on iOS in Newsstand.
 The Altar of the Dead is a short story by Henry James first published in his collection Terminations in 1895. A fable of literally life and death significance the story explores how the protagonist tries to keep the remembrance of his dead friends to save them from being forgotten entirely in the rush of everyday events. He meets a woman who shares his ideals only to find that the past places what seems to be an impassable barrier between them.
 Swedish Medical Center is a large nonprofit health care provider located in Seattle Washington. It has three main hospital locations in Seattle and is also affiliated with many other suburban hospitals and clinics. As of 2009 it has 7000 employees and 2300 credentialed physicians.
 Sąspówka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Prądnik.
 Alive She Cried is a live album by the American rock band The Doors; the title of the album is taken from a line in the song When the Music's Over. Following the resurgence in popularity for the band due to the 1979 film Apocalypse Now and the release of the first Doors compilation album in seven years Greatest Hits released in 1980 the push was on to release more Doors music.
 The Elves of Cintra is the second novel in Terry Brooks's epic fantasy trilogy The Genesis of Shannara. The series bridges the events of Brooks' Word & Void series with his acclaimed novel The Sword of Shannara and the subsequent trilogy. It immediately follows the novel Armageddon's Children. It details events during the Great Wars a historical conflict referenced frequently in the Shannara books.
 Hot Sleep: The Worthing Chronicle (1979) is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card set in the Worthing series. Although it is currently out of print Card's novel The Worthing Chronicle (1983) covers some of the same ground.
 Mahmud Pasha Angelovic (Serbo-Croatian: Mahmud-paša Anđelović Cyrillic: Махмуд-паша Анђеловић; Turkish: Veli Mahmud Paşa; 1420–1474) was the grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire from 1456 to 1466 and again from 1472 to 1474 who also wrote Persian and Turkish poems under the pseudonym Adni.He was a member of the Byzantine Angelos family and was raised a Christian but was later abducted as a child by the Sultan according to the devşirme system and raised as a Muslim in Edirne.
 The Marathon Continues or TMC for short is the sixth official mixtape by American rapper Nipsey Hussle. The mixtape was released as a free digital download on mixtape hosting websites and to iTunes on November 1 2011 via Hussle's All Money In record label. The mixtape featured production by 1500 or Nothin' THC Wizzo and Mistah Mota among others. Guest appearances on the mixtape included Dom Kennedy YG Cobby Supreme and Yung Brodee among others.
 Patent Pending is a short story written by Arthur C. Clarke which was first published in 1954. It was also published as The Invention. It later appeared in his collection of science fiction tall tales Tales from the White Hart.Patent Pending is a frame story purporting to recount a scientific tall tale told by a certain Harry Purvis at the (fictional) White Hart pub in London sometime in the 1950s during a discussion of literary censorship (at the expense of the censors).
 The Bâzgele River is a tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.
 Biebrowo [bjɛˈbrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Choczewo 35 km (22 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 111.
 Jeffrey Alexandre Rousseau (December 22 1852 – June 22 1927) was a Canadian politician.The son of Alexandre Rousseau and Marie Proteau Rousseau was elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the Quebec electoral district of Champlain in the 1900 federal election. A Liberal he was re-elected in the 1904 election and was defeated in the 1911 election.Rousseau was a merchant farmer manufacturer and banker.
 Trypeta hyoscyami is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Thorborn Ross Tolleson Jr. (born April 26 1956) is a Republican state senator from Perry Georgia closely aligned with Governor Sonny Perdue. They are both from Perry Georgia.Tolleson is a former banker insurance salesman and tree farmer.
 Punnagai Poove (Tamil: புன்னகை பூவே ; English: Smiling Flower) is a 2003 Tamil romantic drama film directed by D. Sabapathy of VIP and written by R. N. R. Manohar director of Maasilamani starring Nandhaa of Mounam Pesiyadhe fame newcomer Rekha Vedavyas and Kaveri in lead and the likes of Vadivelu Senthil and renowned music composer M. S.
 Guilt by Association Vol. 3 is a compilation album released November 15 2011 by Engine Room Recordings. Like its previous installments Guilt by Association Vol. 1 and Guilt by Association Vol. 2 Guilt By Association Vol. 3 features indie rock artists covering popular rock songs.
 Bhabhi Ki Chudiyan is a Hindi film a family drama made in 1961 directed by Sadashiv J. Row Kavi with Meena Kumari and Balraj Sahni in the lead roles.
 Helenów [xɛˈlɛnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Puya (Russian: Пуя) is a river in Velsky and Shenkursky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Vaga River. The length of the river is 172 kilometres (107 mi). The area of its basin 2500 square kilometres (970 sq mi). The major tributary is the Sulanda (left).The source of the Viled is located close to Yemenga a village and a former station on the demolished railway line between Yura and Tyogrozero.
 Tabula Rasa is Swedish heavy metal band Bloodbound's 2009 album. While not a concept album per se most songs tie in with the concept of tabula rasa have some connection with a literal translation thereof or have a lyrical foundation associated with literature mentioning tabula rasa.
 Admiral George Stewart 8th Earl of Galloway KT (24 March 1768 – 27 March 1834) styled Lord Garlies between 1773 and 1806 was a British naval commander and politician.
 Radiology is a monthly peer reviewed medical journal owned and published by the Radiological Society of North America. The editor is Herbert Y. Kressel (Harvard Medical School). The focus of Radiology is research and other investigations in clinical radiology and related disciplines.
 Loopy De Loop was the only theatrical cartoon short series produced by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera after leaving MGM and opening their new Hanna-Barbera Studios. The series distributed to theatres by Columbia Pictures ran in theaters from November 5 1959 (1959-11-05) to June 17 1965 (1965-06-17).
 Classics: The Best of Sarah Brightman is a VHS of the PBS special of the same name that aired in 2002. A copy of the show was made available to the audience if they made a financial contribution to their local PBS station. The VHS is hosted and narrated by Laura Savini along with Sarah herself.
 Melinda Bush is a member of the Illinois Senate for the 31st district. The 31st district spans northern Lake County and includes all or parts of Zion Round Lake Round Lake Beach Gages Lake Winthrop Harbor Old Mill Creek Wadsworth Lindenhurst Antioch Waukegan Gurnee Beach Park Grayslake and Lake Villa.
 Jacobus Johannes ('Jim') Fouché (6 June 1898 Wepener – 23 September 1980 Cape Town) served as the second President of South Africa from 1968 to 1975.Born in the Boer republic of the Orange Free State (which became a British colony in 1902 and a province of the Union of South Africa in 1910) Fouché was a successful farmer.
 The Elks Lodge No. 1353 is a historic building located in Casper Wyoming. It was built in 1922 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Caucasian Psychosis is a US compilation album of Babyteeth and Pleasure Death by the rock band Therapy?. It was released on 13 April 1992 on Quarterstick Records. Both mini-albums had been previously released in Europe on Wiiija Records.The album was released on 12 vinyl CD and Cassette.
 Border River is a 1954 American western film directed by George Sherman and released by Universal-International. It stars Joel McCrea Yvonne De Carlo and Pedro Armendáriz. It was filmed on location in Moab Utah in three-strip Technicolor.
 Stephen Bruce Bromhead (born ca 1958) an Australian politician is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly having represented Myall Lakes for the National Party of Australia since 26 March 2011.
 The Cireșu River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Acrolophus directus is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 St. Ann’s Church was the name of a former Roman Catholic parish church at 110-120 East 12th Street between Fourth and Third Avenues in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City.
 Following the departure of percussionist Doni Schroader in 2005 Forget Cassettes' Beth Cameron recruited Nashville drummer Aaron Ford and Apollo Up!'s Jay Leo Phillips on bass guitar keys and backing vocals. The record was released in 2006 on Theory 8 Records and eventually given a European release on March 5 2007 courtesy of One Little Indian Records. The European release featured a bonus track entitled Sleeper.
 The Cerboaia River is a tributary of the Vaţa river in Romania.
 Christmass is an album by Frank Black. It was released on the Internet in December 2006 then to stores on CD and DVD on February 5 2007. The album consists of both live and studio recordings of old and new songs.
 Kappal is an upcoming Indian Tamil film directed by Karthik G. Krish a former assistant of Shankar. Produced by I Studios Entertainment The film features Vaibhav and Sonam Bajwa in the lead roles while Arjunan and Karunakaran appear in supporting roles. The film will be released in late 2014.
 Coleophora japonicella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Japan and Korea.The wingspan is about 10.5 mm for males and 11–13 mm for females.The larvae feed on Ulmus davidiana var. japonica. They create a brownish-grey leaf-case which is slightly bent towards the base and 11–12 mm in length. The larvae mine into the leaf of their host plant until mid June but some are full-grown before hibernation.
 Zhang Yesui (Chinese: 张业遂; pinyin: Zhāng Yèsuì; Wade–Giles: Chang Yehsui; born October 1953) is a Chinese diplomat and formerly the Chinese Ambassador to the United States. He has previously served as Permanent Representative of China to the United Nations and Vice-Minister of Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
 Tundradalskyrkja is a mountain consisting of two peaks in Breheimen National Park in southern Norway. The northern and highest summit makes borderpoint between the counties of Oppland and Sogn og Fjordane.
 Shah Bahram (Persian: شاه بهرام‎ also Romanized as Shāh Bahrām) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 49 families.
 Harry Lincoln Gordon (August 27 1860 – November 1 1921) was an American politician who served as the 27th Lieutenant Governor of Ohio from 1902 to 1904.
 Little Sister is a 1992 American comedy film written and directed by Jimmy Zeilinger. Starring Jonathan Silverman and Alyssa Milano the film was released in the UK under the title Mister Sister.
 The Ghilăuca River is a tributary of the Ibăneasa River in Romania.
 Mount Salem Baptist Meetinghouse also known as Mount Salem Baptist Church is a historic Baptist meeting house located near Washington Rappahannock County Virginia. It was built in 1850-1851 and is a one-story stuccoed stone building. It measures 40 feet by 50 feet and is topped by a gable roof. The church was restored and put into active service in 1977 after closure in 1942.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Snake Rhythm Rock is the seventh album by guitarist Ivan Boogaloo Joe Jones which was recorded in 1972 and released on the Prestige label.
 Allophorocera is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Enicopus is a genus of soft-winged flower beetles belonging to the family Melyridae subfamily Dasytinae. Species in this genus are present in most of Europe and in the East Palearctic ecozone.
 The kingcroakers also known as kingfish are a genus of fish Menticirrhus in the family Sciaenidae.
 Mitromorpha monodi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Tales That Witness Madness is a 1973 British horror film produced by Norman Priggen directed by veteran horror director Freddie Francis and written by actress Jennifer Jayne.It was one of several in a series of anthology films made during the 1960s and 1970s which included Dr.
 Saint Philip AME Church in Atlanta Georgia is the largest congregation in the Sixth Episcopal district of the African Methodist Episcopal Church with over 9000 members.
 Thelosia resputa is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1929.
 Graphium endochus is a butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in northern and eastern Madagascar and Mozambique. The habitat consists of forests.
 W. Tom Sawyer Jr. (born March 17 1949) is an American politician and businessperson from Maine.
 Maria Lanakila Catholic Church is a parish of the Roman Catholic Church of Hawaii in the United States. Located in Lahaina on the island of Maui the church falls under the jurisdiction of the Diocese of Honolulu and its bishop. The parish has a mission in Kapalua under the title of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary.
 The AFI Silver is a three-screen movie theater complex in downtown Silver Spring Maryland just north of Washington D.C. in the United States. It plays both art-house and mainstream movies. It is run by the American Film Institute.The AFI Silver is the result of a restoration project for the original Silver Theatre in Silver Spring which was designed by movie palace architect John Eberson and constructed in 1938.The theater reopened in 2003.
 Tallé w Chittaha is a village in the district of Akkar and it is one of the few remaining Maronite Christian-inhabited villages of Akkar. It is situated 125 km north of the capital Beirut. And it is located at approximately 600 metres from sea level. The saint of the village is St. George.
 Harry Scott Conklin is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 77th legislative district. He was first elected in 2006.
 The Fairy Caravan (OCLC 54274386) is a book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter. It was first published in 1929.
 William Donald Stuart MacDonald (1862 – 31 August 1920) was a New Zealand politician Cabinet Minister and briefly Leader of the Opposition.
 A Lifetime or More is a split EP by The Album Leaf and On! Air! Library!. The first three tracks are by the former band and the last five tracks by the latter band.
 The Aal is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Agappola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Turbonilla rhabdota is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Church of St Nicholas is a Grade I listed parish church in the village of Mavesyn Ridware Staffordshire England. The church is situated at the eastern end of the village approximately 370 m (1210 ft) north of the River Trent and just to the north of the Gatehouse of the former ancient Manor House. Although medieval in origin the church was partly demolished in 1782 leaving only the north aisle and west tower remaining from the older structure.
 Bukit Panjang Plaza (Chinese: 武吉班让大厦) is a shopping mall located near Bukit Panjang at Bukit Panjang in Singapore. It is currently managed by CapitaLand.Bukit Panjang Plaza (BPP) is located in the high-density residential area of Bukit Panjang New Town in the north-western region of Singapore. The four-storey mall with two levels of basement car park is located between the Bukit Panjang and Senja LRT stations and adjacent to the Bukit Panjang bus interchange.
 The Lost Weekend is Charles R. Jackson's first novel published by Farrar & Rinehart in 1944. It served as the basis for a film adaptation by the same name in 1945.
 Acta Anaesthesiologica Scandinavica is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in the field of anaesthesia intensive care pain and emergency medicine. It was established in 1957 and is the official publication of the Scandinavian Society of Anaesthesiology and Intensive Care Medicine. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.355 ranking it 14th out of 29 journals in the category Anesthesiology.
 The Berardo Collection Museum (in Portuguese: Museu Colecção Berardo) is a museum of modern and contemporary art in Belém a district of Lisbon Portugal.
 Inside Tucson Business is a weekly newspaper published in Tucson that covers the business financial and economic news of Southern Arizona. It was owned by Wick Communications from 1992 to 2014 when it was sold to 10/13 Communications.
 Jowpish (Persian: جوپيش‎ also Romanized as Jowpīsh; also known as Jopīsh) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 61 families.
 Endotricha mesenterialis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Walker in 1859. It has a wide distribution and is known from Austral Island Australia the Kermadec Islands New Caledonia New Guinea Palau Samoa Tahiti Begum Island Christmas Island India Indonesia (Borneo) Malaysia the New Hebrides the Nicobar Islands Sri Lanka Tonga Taiwan and China (Guangdong Sichuan Zhejiang).The wingspan is about 10 mm.
 Biochemical Systematics and Ecology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering chemotaxonomy and ecology. Tony Swain one of the first editors of Phytochemistry started the sister journal Biochemical Systematics in 1973 which was renamed Biochemical Systematics and Ecology in the next year.
 Lost & Found is Melissa Tkautz's second album released in 2005.
 Histioteuthis reversa commonly known as the reverse jewel squid or the elongate jewel squid is a species of cock-eyed squid so called because the eyes are dissimilar. It occurs at moderate depths in the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea and is also known from the Indian Ocean.
 Mount Ortigara (2105 m 6906 ft) is one of the peaks about 2000 m (6000 feet) tall which delimit to the north the Seven Municipalities Plateau (in Italian: Altipiano dei Sette Comuni) falling sheer on the underlying Sugana Valley with a jump of over 1500 meters (4500 feet).
 Hypselodoris regina is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 St. James' Church Kingston is a parish church in the Church of England located in Kingston Isle of Wight.
 Cannonball in Europe! is a live album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley recorded at the Comblain-la-Tour in Belgium and released on the Capitol label featuring performances by Adderley with Nat Adderley Yusef Lateef Joe Zawinul Sam Jones and Louis Hayes.
 The Prisaca River is a tributary of the Gusec River in Romania.
 The Cheetah Girls 2 (also known as The Cheetah Girls: When in Spain or The Cheetah Girls 2: When in Spain) is the 2006 sequel to the Disney Channel Original Movie The Cheetah Girls.
 In Search of Gregory is a 1969 American drama film directed by Peter Wood and starring Julie Christie.Despite having a big name star like Christie who at the time was one of the most popular and sought-after actresses in the world the film only had a limited theatrical release (after being deemed so bad by test audiences Universal decided to not give the film a wide release) garnering little to no attention.
 The Regatta is a 44-story high-rise designed by DeStefano + Partners and developed by Magellan Development Group. Completed in 2006 The Regatta is located at 420 E. Waterside Drive in the Lakeshore East area of Chicago. The tower's dual elliptical glass curtain walls were designed to reflect the surrounding blues of the Chicago River and Lake Michigan.The building is currently planning buildout of a 4000 square foot gym facility on the first floor.
 Nosy is the second studio album by the Portuguese singer Gomo and it is his first work since his debut in 2004. It was released in 2009 in Portugal. The album failed to chart on Acharts Portugal.com however it became more successful digitally. Final Stroke was the first single taken from the album.
 The Călugărul River is a tributary of the Horăița River in Romania.
 A Double Buggy at Lahey Creek is a short story written by iconic Australian writer and poet Henry Lawson. It was Lawson's second story to include the character of Joe Wilson however chronologically it is fourth and final in the Joe Wilson series.The story follows the events that befall Joe Wilson and his family and which ultimately lead to his buying a double buggy for the woman he loves- his wife Mary.
 Mordellina monocalcarata is a species of beetle in the Mordellina genus. It was described in 1967.
 Kawęczyn [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kłoczew 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Ryki and 66 km (41 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 The Peninsula Building is a commercial high-rise building in Manchester England. The building is part of Manchester's Green Quarter a regeneration project north-west of Manchester city centre.
 Mount Merapi Gunung Merapi (literally Fire Mountain in Indonesian/Javanese) is an active stratovolcano located on the border between Central Java and Yogyakarta Indonesia. It is the most active volcano in Indonesia and has erupted regularly since 1548.
 Becharof Lake is a 37-mile (60 km) long lake on the Alaska Peninsula. It is located 23 miles (37 km) south-east of Egegik in the Aleutian Range.Becharof Lake is the second largest lake in Alaska after Iliamna Lake. It ranks eighth on list of largest lakes of the United States by volume and fourteenth on list of largest lakes of the United States by area.
 On the Loose is a 1984 Australian film consisting of three stories about teenagers in modern society.
 Qumya (Arabic: قوميه‎) was a Palestinian village of 510 inhabitants when it was depopulated prior to the 1948 Arab-Israeli war.Located 12.5 kilometers north of Baysan the village was assaulted by the forces of the Golani Brigade on 26 March 1948 during Operation Gideon on the orders of Yosef Weitz a representative of the Jewish National Fund (JNF). Its inhabitants fled in fear of being caught in the fighting.
 Ready an' Willing was the third studio album by English hard rock band Whitesnake released in 1980. It peaked at #6 on the UK Albums Chart it was also the band's first to chart outside of the UK reaching #32 in Norway and #90 in the US. The album featured two of the band's UK single-hits from that year: Fool for Your Loving had reached #13 in the charts in April 1980 and the title-track Ready an' Willing (Sweet Satisfaction) made #43 in July of the same year.
 Snellenburg's Clothing Factory is a historic factory complex located in the Spring Garden neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built by the N. Snellenburg & Company and consists of two parts: a large ornate building built in 1903 and a long narrow building built in 1905. They are connected by a bridge at the fourth fifth and sixth floors.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Aviz Rural District in the Central District of Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 685 in 145 families.
 Hridoyer Katha (Bengali: হৃদয়ের কথা) is a 18 October 2006 released Bangladeshi movie directed by S.A. Haque Alik. Riaz acted as producer for the first time in his career. Notable songs in the film are Bhalobasbo Basbore Bondhu (Habib Wahid) and Jay Din Jay Ekaki (S.I. Tutul).
 Virendra Verma (September 18 1916 - May 2 2009) was a Jat politician and freedom fighter in the Indian political sphere born in Shamli Uttar Pradesh. He served as the Governor of Punjab (1990) and the Administrator of Chandigarh (1990) as well as the Governor of Himachal Pradesh (1990–1993).
 Pierre Blanchy was a French politician who served as acting Minister of State for Monaco three times. This was between 1944 and 1963. He served under the monarchy of both Rainier III and Louis II. During his career he never served under one single party. Every time he was independent or was chosen as acting minister. He was succeeded by Jean Reymond for the final time in 1963 after dedicated service of nearly 20 years.
 Coralliophila giton is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Meydan-e Jigh-e Kuchak (Persian: ميدان جيغ كوچك‎ also Romanized as Meydān-e Jīgh-e Kūchak; also known as Meydān-e Jīq-e Kūchak) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Difficult Loves (Italian: Gli amori difficili) is a 1970 short story collection by Italo Calvino. It concerns love and the difficulty of communication.Some published versions of the English translation by William Weaver omit a number of the stories and also include other Calvino stories about the Second World War and postwar period including those from The Crow Comes Last; some of these were translated by Archibald Colquhoun and Peggy Wright.
 Gazet is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Mad Dog Summer and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by Joe R. Lansdale first published in 2004 in a limited edition by Subterranean Press. It was reissued in paperback in 2006 by Golden Gryphon Press.
 Tempoczów-Rędziny [tɛmˈpɔt͡ʂuf rɛnˈd͡ʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skalbmierz within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Skalbmierz 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Kazimierza Wielka and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Trí Phải is a commune (xã) and village in Thới Bình District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Cheryl L. Cheri Callahan-Bustos (born October 17 1961) is an American politician who has served as the United States Representative for Illinois's 17th congressional district since 2013. The district includes most of Illinois's share of the Quad Cities as well as parts of Peoria and Rockford. Bustos served as an alderman on the East Moline Illinois City Council from her election in 2007 until her resignation in 2011.
 The William H. Seward House Museum located at 33 South Street between Lincoln and William Streets in Auburn New York was the home of William H. Seward who served as a New York state senator the governor of New York a U.S. senator a presidential candidate and then Secretary of State under presidents Abraham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson. Among other notable accomplishments Seward negotiated the 1867 purchase from Russia of Alaska which became known as Seward's Folly.
 Jadowniki Bielskie [jadɔvˈniki ˈbjɛlskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Żnin and 31 km (19 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Dreissenoidea is a superfamily of brackish water and freshwater false mussels aquatic bivalve mollusks in the order Veneroida.
 Gimbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Ostaszewo Wielkie [ɔstaˈʂɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of Pułtusk and 61 km (38 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Vazhakkad is a village located on the bank of River Chaliyar Eranad Thaluk Malappuram district state of Kerala India. East and some north part of Vazhakkad boardering with River Chaliyar South Cheakode and Pulikkal Panchayaths and West Vazhayur Grama Panchayath.
 Invasion of the Sea (French: L'Invasion de la mer) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne. It was published in 1905 the last to be published in the author's lifetime and describes the exploits of Berber nomads and European travelers in Saharan Africa. The European characters arrive to study the feasibility of flooding a low-lying region of the Sahara desert to create an inland sea and open up the interior of Northern Africa to trade.
 Made in China is the seventh album by Juliana Hatfield released in 2005.
 Kopfschuss (eng. Headshot) is the second full-length album by German industrial metal band Megaherz.The first track Liebestöter brought the album most of its popularity abroad.
 Written by Baroness Orczy and first published in 1915 The Bronze Eagle: A Story of the Hundred Days is a romance set in France following the period of the Revolution and the expulsion of the Bourbons. Its central plot lies in the intrigues of their followers and those of Napoleon Bonaparte.The novel was also published serially under the title of Waterloo.
 The Adventures of Jane is a 1949 British comedy film directed by Edward G. Whiting. It is the film version of the stage show based on the comic strip 'Jane' originally created by Norman Pett. It was written by Alfred Goulding and Con West. The cast included Chrystabel Leighton-Porter who played Jane and Michael Hogarth who played Tom Hawke. It was filmed in Brighton East Sussex England.
 James Jay Maxwell Moody Jr. (born 1964) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas and former Circuit Judge for the Third Division of the Sixth Judicial District of Arkansas.
 In God We Trust All Others Pay Cash is a novel by American humorist Jean Shepherd first published in October 1966. A best-seller at the time of its publication it is considered Shepherd's most important published work. Portions of the work were adapted into the 1983 movie A Christmas Story and into the 1994 film It Runs in the Family.
 The banded houndshark (Triakis scyllium) is a species of houndshark family Triakidae common in the northwestern Pacific Ocean from the southern Russian Far East to Taiwan. Found on or near the bottom it favors shallow coastal habitats with sandy or vegetated bottoms and also enters brackish water. This shark reaches 1.5 m (4.9 ft) in length.
 The Angel Glacier flows down the north face of Mount Edith Cavell in Jasper National Park Canada. It is named as such because it has the appearance of an angel with out-swept wings. It was much larger when it was named in the 19th-century but as with most glaciers worldwide it is melting rapidly.
 Count András Bethlen de Bethlen (26 July 1847 – 25 August 1898) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Agriculture between 1890 and 1894. He studied law in Budapest and national economy studies in Brussels and Leipzig. He was a member of the Diet of Hungary from 1873 to 1882 in colours of the Liberal Party which governed Hungary until 1890.Bethlen served as administrative chief of Brassó County and Szeben County (Count of the Saxons).
 The White Horse Mountains are a mountain range in Harney County Oregon. White Horse Mountains climbs to 4616 feet (1406.96 meters) above sea level.
 Turner-White Casket Co. Building was a historic loft building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It was a six-story loft building constructed in 1893 in the Romanesque style. Its façade organization and detailing featured brick stone and cast iron elements. It was two bays wide and six stories high with a full basement. It was constructed as a factory with street level display rooms that was rehabilitated in the 1990s. The Turner-White Casket Co.
 St Helen and St Giles is a church and landmark of Rainham London and is the oldest building in Havering (being Norman). The church retains many of its original features for example the round-headed arches. It was founded by Richard de Lucy the son-in-law of Henry II of England. de Lucy was also one of the instigators of the assassination of Thomas Becket the Archbishop of Canterbury in 1170. Construction of the church took place between 1160 and 1170.
 Charles B. Cochran was the fifteenth intendant (mayor) of Charleston South Carolina serving one term from 1805 to 1806. He was elected on September 9 1805. At the time he lived at a the house then-numbered 67 Meeting Street Charleston South Carolina. He had previously served as the federal marshal of the South Carolina District from 1795 to 1802. In 1806 he was elected treasurer of South Carolina for the lower division. Cochran died on August 21 1833.
 Wicked Bronze Ambition is the fourteenth novel in Glen Cook's ongoing Garrett P.I. series. The series combines elements of mystery and fantasy as it follows the adventures of private investigator Garrett.
 The Apartments at 2 Collier Road were built by developer Henry M. Rice in 1929 in Atlanta Georgia. The apartments were built on lands formerly belonging to George Washington Collier. The Colonial Revival style buildings are of the big house style giving the impression of a single large residence rather than an apartment building.
 The Phantom Carriage (Swedish: Körkarlen) is a 1958 Swedish horror film directed by Arne Mattsson. It was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival. It is based on the Selma Lagerlöf novel Thy Soul Shall Bear Witness! and is a remake of the 1921 film.
 Miedzichowo [mjɛd͡ʑiˈxɔvɔ] (German: Kupferhammer) is a village in Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Miedzichowo. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 66 km (41 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 471.
 Vexillum gruneri is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Fire is the debut album of Electric Six released in 2003.The album received generally positive critical reviews. Rolling Stone called the album the summer's most brilliantly demented party record and Blender hailed the music as convincingly ferocious.Three singles were released from the album: Danger! High Voltage which reached #10 in the U.S.
 Sullivans Pond is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada. It is located in the center of Dartmouth city across the bay from Halifax city.
 My December is the third studio album by American pop rock recording artist Kelly Clarkson. The album was released on June 22 2007 throughout most of Europe (such as Germany Ireland Italy and the Netherlands) on June 23 2007 in Australia on June 25 2007 in the United Kingdom Hong Kong Poland and Mexico and on June 26 2007 in North America. Clarkson confirmed the name of the album in her journal on her fanclub website on February 27 2007.
 The Galena Historic District is a historic district located in the city of Galena Illinois USA. The historic district encompasses 85 percent of the city of Galena and includes more than 800 properties. The downtown area consists of three successive tiers made up of Main Bench and Prospect Streets. Within the boundaries of the district are such notable homes as the Ulysses S. Grant Home and the Elihu B. Washburne House. The Galena Historic District was added to the U.S.
 Princess is a 7 single by Sebadoh released in 1996. It was only available by mail-order.A re-recorded version of Princess entitled Prince-S would later appear on the album Harmacy.
 The Răchita River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 The Luzon Apartment Building also known as The Westover is an historic structure located in the West End neighborhood of Washington D.C. The building is one of the last surviving structures from the formative period of apartment buildings in the city. The Romanesque Revival building was designed by Nicholas T. Haller and completed in 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Ants is a Pulitzer Prize-winning book written in 1990 by Bert Hölldobler and E. O. Wilson. It was a winner of the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction in 1991.
 Amarjit Singh Samra is an Indian politician and a member of Indian National Congress. He is a former Minister for Revenue and Rehabilitation in Punjab Government. He held this portfolio from 2002 to 2007 in the current .
 David Short Dennison Jr. (b. July 29 1918 Poland Ohio–d. September 21 2001 Warren Ohio) was an American politician of the Republican party who served in the United States House of Representatives from 1957 to 1959.
 Musangsa is a Zen Buddhist temple near Daejeon South Korea an affiliate of the Kwan Um School of Zen. The temple holds various silent retreats throughout the year and is open to guests on Saturdays at the approval of the head abbot. The temple also hosts many foreign practitioners of the Kwan Um Zen lineage providing them a chance to practice in Korea.
 The Eternal Dance is a compilation album by American R&B group Earth Wind & Fire released on September 8 1992 by Columbia/Legacy.
 Shivoli is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 The Velveteen Rabbit (or How Toys Become Real) is a children's novel written by Margery Williams and illustrated by William Nicholson. It chronicles the story of a stuffed rabbit and his quest to become real through the love of his owner. The book was first published in 1922 and has been republished many times since.The Velveteen Rabbit was Williams' first children's book. It has been awarded the IRA/CBC Children's Choice award.
 First to Fight is the first book in the StarFist series by David Sherman and Dan Cragg. The series is based on the experiences of Marines in the 25th century. The first book introduces three of the main characters Gunnery Sergeant Charlie Bass and new Marine recruits Claypoole and Dean.
 Sycowa Huta [sɨˈt͡sɔva ˈxuta] (Kashubian: Zëcowô Hëta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kościerzyna and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 62.
 Ongal Peak (Vrah Ongal \'vr&h 'on-g&l\) is a sharp glaciated peak on the Levski Ridge Tangra Mountains Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica. The peak was first ascended on 21 December 2004 by the Bulgarian Lyubomir Ivanov from Camp Academia. Named after the historic Ongal region of the First Bulgarian Empire located in the Danube Delta area and north of the Black Sea in connection with the Battle of Ongal.
 A Year of Prophesying collects 55 newspaper columns written by H.G. Wells in 1923 and 1924.After the extraordinary success of The Outline of History Wells was in great demand for commentary on current events. He wrote regular columns first for the Westerminster Gazette and later for the New York Times and the Daily Express. The articles in A Year of Prophesying were written for the McClure Syndicate.
 El Nino is the third studio album by progressive metal band Eldritch which was released in 1998.
 Live in Zurich is an album released in 1982. It was the fifth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and the fourth to be released on the Italian Black Saint label.The album features live performances by Hamiet Bluiett Julius Hemphill Oliver Lake and David Murray recorded in Zurich on November 6 1981. The album is notable for featuring Julius Hemphill's compositions almost exclusively apart from opening and closing versions of the 'WSQ theme' Hattie Wall.
 Nathuram Sharma (Hindi: नाथूराम शर्मा) better known by his pen-name Shankar (Hindi: शंकर) (1859–1932) was a Hindi and Urdu poet from Harduaganj Aligarh North-Western Provinces (Now Uttar Pradesh) British India. He worked with the Irrigation Department at Kanpur and subsequently as an Ayurvedic physician. His poetic works are primarily in the dialects of Braj Bhasha and Khariboli. He was write of Modern Period.
 Cassidy Live! was David Cassidy's fourth solo album and final album released on Bell Records. It was released in 1974 and was recorded live in Britain. It was produced by Cassidy and Barry Ainsworth on Bell Records. The recording captures some of the mass hysteria that surrounded Cassidy's live performances at that time. The album peaked at #8 on the UK album charts.Please Please Me was released as single from this album in the UK where it reached #16 on the British singles chart.
 Sir Galahad of Twilight is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Sydney Ayres and written by Marie Layet. The film stars Perry Banks Reaves Eason William Garwood Jack Richardson Harry von Meter and Vivian Rich.
 Chase Tower also known as Cotter Ranch Tower is a signature skyscraper in Oklahoma City's central business district. Previously known as Liberty Tower (the name it had upon completion) and Bank One Tower the building is now named Cotter Tower after its owner real estate holdings owner James Cotter of San Antonio Texas. At 152.4 meters (500 feet) it is the second tallest building in the city and the fifth tallest in the state of Oklahoma.
 Run into the Light is the second extended play by English recording artist Ellie Goulding released exclusively on iTunes on 30 August 2010 by Polydor Records. The EP consists of six remixes of tracks from her debut album Lights four of them being previously unreleased. The album was supported by Nike and released through Polydor as a running soundtrack in an effort to get Goulding's music taken up by the national running subculture.
 The Fort Morgan Times is a daily newspaper in Fort Morgan Colorado. It has been published by Prairie Mountain Publishing a unit of MediaNews Group since 1996 when it was acquired by Hollinger.
 Khaleja is a 2010 action comedy Telugu film starring Mahesh Babu and Anushka Shetty directed by Trivikram Srinivas. It is the second collaboration between Mahesh Babu and Trivikram. Singanamala Ramesh and C Kalyan produced the film as a Kanaka Ratna Movies production. Mahesh Babu plays the role of a cab driver in the film while Prakash Raj plays a negative role. Sunil and Brahmanandam play key roles. The film was released on 7 October 2010.
 Sara Feigenholtz is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives who has represented the 12th District since 1995. The District includes the lakefront communities of Lake View Lincoln Park and the Near North neighborhood in the city of Chicago.
 Philip Edward Berger (born August 8 1952) is a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's twenty-sixth Senate district including constituents in Guilford and Rockingham counties.An attorney from Eden North Carolina Berger was first elected to the North Carolina Senate in 2000. He became minority (Republican) leader in 2004 and in 2010 he was selected by his fellow Republicans as their choice for the next Senate President Pro Tem.
 The Ailao toad (Bufo ailaoanus) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is endemic to China. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It was discovered in the Ailaoshan National Nature Reserve in Ailao Mountains Yunnan. The toad was first described in 1984 and has not been seen since as it is hard to find and thought to be rare. It is a small toad about 40 mm (1.6 in) in length.
 Swirl How is a fell in the English Lake District. It stands between Coniston and the Duddon Valley in the southern part of the District.The Coniston (or Furness) Fells form the watershed between Coniston Water and the Duddon valley to the west. The range begins at Wrynose Pass and runs south for around 10 miles before petering out at Broughton in Furness on the Duddon Estuary.
 Paracomucha is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Vaseux Lake is a freshwater lake located along the course of the Okanagan River in the Okanagan Valley of British Columbia Canada. The town of Okanagan Falls is to the north and the town of Oliver is to the south. The lake stage is controlled by McIntyre Dam.
 Hashemabad (Persian: هاشم اباد‎ also Romanized as Hāshemābād; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District in the Central District of Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 296 in 79 families.
 The Col. James Drane House is a Frontier I-House built in 1846. It is located on the historic Natchez Trace at mile marker 180.7 on the modern Natchez Trace Parkway in Mississippi USA.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.The house is an attraction for modern visitors to the Natchez Trace.See also Old Natchez Trace segments listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Gary Richard Herbert (born May 7 1947) is an American politician who is the 17th and current Governor of Utah. A member of the Republican Party Herbert has served as Governor since August 2009.Born in American Fork Utah Herbert attended Brigham Young University and served as a Staff Sergeant in the Utah Army National Guard. After serving in the National Guard Herbert began a career in real estate and opened his own firm.
 The Thrills Bite Size is an EP by Irish alternative rock band The Thrills released exclusively through iTunes music stores in 2007.The EP features three songs from the band's first album So Much for the City and two from their second album Let's Bottle Bohemia.
 The Flower King is the third solo album by Roine Stolt. The original line-up for the album consisted of Stolt (vocals electric guitar bass guitar keyboards) Jaime Salazar (drums) and Hasse Fröberg (vocals). They later formed the band The Flower Kings.
 A Woman Scorned is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 For the folly tower in Cumbria see Fox Tower BroughFox Tower is a 27-story 113.39 m (372.0 ft) office skyscraper in downtown Portland Oregon along Broadway between Yamhill and Morrison streets. The tower was completed in 2000 at a cost of $64 million and was named after the Fox Theatre that occupied the site from 1911 until the late 1990s. TVA Architects designed the building and Tom Moyer developed the property.
 Where the Stress Falls published in 2001 is the last collection of essays published by Susan Sontag before her death in 2004. The essays vary between her experiences in the theater (Waiting for Godot in Sarajevo) to book reviews.
 Liavol-e Sofla (Persian: لياول سفلي‎ also Romanized as Līāvol-e Soflá; also known as Layāvol Pā”īn Liavalpain Līāvol-e Pā’īn Līāvol Pā’īn and Līāwalpāīn) is a village in Dolfak Rural District Khorgam District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 20 families.
 Turritella torulosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Lithosia gynaegrapha is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Joan in 1930. It is found in Vietnam.
 Bangin West Coast is the second album from Long Beach California producer and rapper Soopafly. The advance leaked in 2006 but was officially released on May 8 2007 through Gangsta Advisory Records.
 Trinity Episcopal Cathedral is located in downtown San Jose California United States. It is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of El Camino Real. As the oldest church structure in continuous use in the city it has been named a San Jose Historic City Landmark.
 Warlord was a comics anthology published weekly in the United Kingdom between 28 September 1974 and 27 September 1986.
 The Mulgrave River is a river in Far North Queensland Australia. It flows in a northerly direction through Gordonvale and the southern outskirts of Cairns after rising in the Bellenden Ker Range. Some of the 1315 km² catchment area is protected with the Wooroonooran National Park and the Wet Tropics World Heritage Area.The Mulgrave River empties into the Coral Sea 30 km south at the southern extremity of the Yarrabah Hills range where the Mulgrave meets the Russell River.
 Mount Michelson is a mountain at the head of the Meares Glacier 34 miles (55 km) NW of Valdez in the Chugach Mountains of Alaska USA. The mountain was named around 1957 for Albert Abraham Michelson by members of the Chugach Mountains Expedition sponsored by the Arctic Institute of North America.
 Simon William Bill English (born 30 Deceber 1961 in Lumsden) is the Deputy Prime Minister Minister of Finance and Minister of Infrastructure of New Zealand.English entered parliament in 1990 as a National party MP representing the Wallace electorate. In 1999 English served as Minister of Finance for a brief period until National under the leadership of Jenny Shipley at the time lost the election later that year.
 Electronic Labyrinth: THX-1138 4EB is a 1967 science fiction short film written and directed by George Lucas while he attended the University of Southern California's film school. The short was reworked as the 1971 theatrical feature THX-1138.In 2010 this film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 Wheelmen: Lance Armstrong the Tour de France and the Greatest Sports Conspiracy Ever is a non-fiction book about American cycling and Lance Armstrong as well as his teammates including Floyd Landis. The book was released in the U.S. and Canada by Gotham Books on October 15 2013 in the UK by Headline Publishing. Wheelmen was co-authored by Reed Albergotti and Vanessa O'Connell American journalists who work for The Wall Street Journal.
 Mataesan is a mountain of North Korea. It has an altitude of 1745 metres
 Leonard James Farwell (January 5 1819 – April 10 1889) was an American politician and the second Governor of Wisconsin.Farwell was born in Watertown New York and moved to Wisconsin in 1840 prior to its statehood. He first settled in Milwaukee and moved to Madison in 1847 where he owned a great amount of property and made considerable improvements to the city.He was elected governor of Wisconsin as a member of the Whig Party and served as governor from 1852 to 1854.
 The Mall Athens is a shopping mall in Athens Greece. It was the first of the kind to be constructed in Greece and one of the largest shopping and leisure centres in Southeastern Europe. The Mall Athens is located close to the Athens Olympic Stadium in the suburb of Maroussi and was opened to the public on November 25 2005.
 The Magnificent Yankee is a 1950 American biographical film adapted by Emmet Lavery from his play of the same title which was in turn adapted from the book Mr. Justice Holmes by Francis Biddle. The story examines the life of United States Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes. The film was directed by John Sturges with stars Louis Calhern Ann Harding Eduard Franz and Philip Ober.
 Bringing Down the House: The Inside Story of Six MIT Students Who Took Vegas for Millions is a book by Ben Mezrich about a group of MIT card counters commonly known as the MIT Blackjack Team. Though the book is classified as non-fiction the Boston Globe alleges that the book contains significant fictional elements that many of the key events propelling the drama did not occur in real life and that others were exaggerated greatly.The book was adapted into the movie 21.
 Behind Enemy Lines: Colombia is a 2009 war film directed by Tim Matheson and starring Joe Manganiello former WWE and current TNA wrestler Ken Anderson Keith David and Tim Matheson. It is the third installment in the series as well as the sequel to Behind Enemy Lines and Behind Enemy Lines II: Axis of Evil. The film was co-produced by WWE Studios and released direct-to-video and Blu-ray on January 6 2009.
 Home is the second album by the Irish rock band Hothouse Flowers. Released in 1990 via London Records it reached number 2 on the UK Albums Chart and spent 1 week at number 1 on the Australian charts. The band did an extended tour in Australia and had built up a significant following there which may have contributed to their success in the charts. Two singles from the album charted in the United Kingdom: Give It Up (#30) and I Can See Clearly Now (#23).
 For the video release of the performance see here.Live at the Royal Albert Hall is an in-concert album by Wet Wet Wet. It was recorded on 3 November 1992 (1992-11-03) and released on 17 May 1993 (1993-05-17). The album reached #10 in the charts.The Wets were assisted by the 100-piece Wren Orchestra. The concert was in aid of Nordoff Robbins Music Therapy.The performance of Blue for You was included on the band's End of Part One: Their Greatest Hits compilation released later in the year.
 The Big Sky is a 1952 American Western film directed by Howard Hawks based on the novel of the same name. The cast includes Kirk Douglas Arthur Hunnicutt Dewey Martin and Elizabeth Threatt.Though not considered among Hawks' major achievements by most critics the film was chosen by Jonathan Rosenbaum for his alternative list of the Top 100 American Films.
 Love From London is an album released on March 5 2013 by Robyn Hitchcock on the label Yep Roc Records.
 Now ... Us! is the second studio album by German pop group No Angels released by Polydor subsidiary Cheyenne Records on June 24 2002 (see 2002 in music) in German speaking Europe.
 Spanning 63 feet (19 m) the Goddard Bridge crosses the Sand Lick Creek just off Kentucky 32 about 8 miles south of Flemingsburg on Maddox road in Goddard Ky. The Pea Ridge Mountains and an old country church provide a scenic backdrop.The actual date of construction is unknown but it is built on the 1820 lattice design of Ithiel Town. The bridge was built by Joseph Goddard.
 Conus navarroi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Hamvar-e Kulivand (Persian: همواركوليوند‎ also Romanized as Hamvār-e Kūlīvand and Hamvar-e Kūlīvand) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 19 families.
 Josu Jon Imaz San Miguel. Born in Zumárraga Guipúzcoa in 1963. Member of the Repsol Executive Committee. Doctorate in Chemical Sciences from the University of the Basque Country.
 The Adventure of the Singular Sandwich is a detective short story by author Basil Copper. It first appeared in Copper's collection The Uncollected Cases of Solar Pons in 1980 but Copper disapproved of the way that it was edited. Copper's preferred text was published as a chapbook in 1995 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 1000 copies of which 950 were distributed to the guests at Bouchercon where Copper was a guest of honor. The chapbook also includes an interview with Copper by R.
 Private Confessions (Swedish: Enskilda samtal) is a 1996 Swedish drama film directed by Liv Ullmann and written by Ingmar Bergman. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
 Deh-e Salman (Persian: ده سلمان‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Salmān; also known as Salmān) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 11 families.
 Player's Secrets of Ariya is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1995.
 Shackles is a 2005 film directed by Charles Winkler and written by Donald Martin. It stars D.L. Hughley and Jose Pablo Cantillo. The poems featured in the film were written by Jerry Quickley.
 The Guard (el-hares Arabic: الحارس‎) is Ezzat el Kamhawi's third novel and sixth book released by el-Ain publishing in 2008.
 Roger Houde (born April 22 1938) is a Canadian former politician.Born in Val-d'Or Quebec Houde studied at Université Laval before obtaining a Master of Industrial Relations in 1968. He first ran for the National Assembly of Quebec in the riding of Abitibi-Est in 1970 as the Liberal candidate losing to Ronald Tétrault. From 1970 to 1973 he was the Chief of Staff to Minister of Lands and Forests. He was elected in 1973.
 Nancy Jacobs (born October 27 1951) is a Maryland State Senator representing District 34.
 Tiga guérisseur is a 2001 Burkinabé film.
 Louis-Athanase David (June 24 1882 – January 26 1953) was a Canadian lawyer politician and businessman. He is son of Laurent-Olivier David also a Canadian journalist lawyer and politician and the father of cardiologist and senator Paul David.Born in Montreal Athanase David received a law degree from Université Laval and was admitted to the Bar of Quebec in 1905.
 Igelsbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Parson Capen House is a historic house in Topsfield Massachusetts that was built in the late 17th century. It has drawn attention as an example of early colonial architecture and due to its well preserved condition compared to other houses built at that time.
 Lavik Church (Norwegian: Lavik kyrkje) is a parish church in Høyanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Lavik on the northern shore of the Sognefjorden. The church is part of the Lavik parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.There have been churches here since at least the 1100s. The previous church was too small for the parish so it was torn down and the present church was built.
 Lucien Cannon PC (January 16 1887 – February 14 1950) was a Canadian lawyer and politician.Born in Arthabaska Quebec the son of Lawrence John Cannon and Aurélie Dumoulin he studied law at the Laval University and was called to the Quebec Bar in 1910. His brother was Lawrence Arthur Dumoulin Cannon a puisne judge of the Supreme Court of Canada.
 The Luso-Brazilian Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal which publishes interdisciplinary scholarship on the Portuguese Brazilian and Lusophone African cultures with an emphasis on literature history and the social sciences. Each issue of the Luso-Brazilian Review contains articles and book reviews written in either English or Portuguese.The Luso-Brazilian Review was founded in 1964 at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. The founding editor was Alberto Machado da Rosa.
 Guna is a 1991 Tamil drama film starring Kamal Haasan Roshini Rekha S. P. Balasubramaniam Girish Karnad Ajay Rathnam Janagaraj and Sharat Saxena. It was dubbed into Telugu upon release.
 Cortlandt Skinner (16 December 1727 – 15 March 1799) was the last Royal Attorney General of New Jersey and a Brigadier General in the loyalist forces during the American War of Independence.
 Wraith Squadron (1998) is the fifth of ten books in the Star Wars: X-wing series of novels. It was written by Aaron Allston.
 The ArcelorMittal Orbit is a 114.5 metre (376 feet) tall sculpture and observation tower in the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in Stratford London. It is Britain's largest piece of public art and is intended to be a permanent lasting legacy of London's hosting of the 2012 Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games assisting in the post-Olympics regeneration of the Stratford area.
 Harpa common name the harp snails is a genus of large predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Harpidae.Harpa is the type genus of the family Harpidae.
 Myadora striata is a bivalve mollusc of the family Myochamidae.
 Peristichia agria is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Music for Our Lady Qeeen of the Angels is the first album by multi-instrumentalist Garth Hudson released in 1980 (see 1980 in music).The album is a soundtrack for a special installation for exhibition at the Los Angeles Museum of Science and Industry by sculptor Tony Duquette.
 Field Marshal Henry Hardinge 1st Viscount Hardinge GCB PC (30 March 1785 – 24 September 1856) was a British field marshal and Governor-general of India.
 Lenin and Philosophy and Other Essays (French: Lénine et la Philosophie) is one of the chief works of Louis Althusser. First published in 1968 it was published in English translation in 1971.
 Rocket Boys (also known as October Sky) is the first memoir in a series of three by Homer Hickam Jr. It is a story of growing up in a mining town and a boy's pursuit of amateur rocketry in a coal mining town. It won the W.D. Weatherford Award in 1998 the year of its release. Today it is one of the most often picked community/library reads in the United States. It is also studied in many school systems around the world.
 Conducting from the Grave is the third studio album by the American deathcore band Conducting from the Grave. It is their first self-released album since they decided to leave Sumerian Records in 2013 as well as the first one to feature clean vocals.
 Wielądki [vjɛˈlɔntki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Węgrów and 61 km (38 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Axiocerses susanae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Zimbabwe.Adults have been recorded in March.The larvae feed on Peltophorum africanum Pterolobium stellatum Julbernardia globiflora and Schotia brachypetala. They are associated with the ant species Pheidole megacephala.
 Music from the Edge of Heaven is the third and final studio album from British pop duo Wham! in 1986.The album was only released in Japan and North America; in other territories The Final was released instead. Both albums are related and have similar tracks except The Final also contains all of the band's main singles and is more of a greatest hits album while Music from the Edge of Heaven is commonly regarded as Wham!'s third studio album.
 Scott Anthony Emerson (born 15 January 1964) is an Australian politician. He is the Minister for Transport and Main Roads in the Campbell Newman led Liberal National Party Queensland Government. In the Legislative Assembly of Queensland he represents the seat of Indooroopilly in Brisbane's inner-west which he has held since 2009.
 My Hits and Love Songs is the 57th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1999 (see 1999 in music). It consists of a compilation disc My Hits and a new studio album Love Songs.
 Unnam (Malayalam: ഉന്നം) is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by Sibi Malayil starring Lal Asif Ali and Sreenivasan in the lead roles.The film is a credited remake of the 2007 Hindi film Johnny Gaddaar.
 The Worst Hard Time: The Untold Story of Those Who Survived the Great American Dust Bowl is an American history book written by New York Times journalist Timothy Egan and published by Houghton Mifflin in 2006.
 Kimsachata or Kimsa Chata (Aymara and Quechua kimsa three Pukina chata mountain three mountains hispanicized spelling Quinsachata) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 3700 metres (12139 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region Canchis Province between the districts San Pedro and Tinta. Kimsachata lies about 1.7 km northeast of the archaeological site Raqch'i.
 Ahora is the first live album by the punk rock band Chilean Fiskales Ad-Hok. It was recorded live at a concert at the local La Batuta in April 2000 and released a few months later under CFA an independent record label created by the same Fiskales Ad-Hok. This album is where the new drummer Memo makes its debut in the band.
 Charaxes paradoxa is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Grand Comore. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Phyllanthus species.
 Vengeance of Orion is a 1988 novel by science fiction author Ben Bova. It is the sequel to Orion and follows his adventures in the time of the Greek heroes Achilles and Odysseus in the siege of Troy. The stroy takes up many plot elements of Homer's Iliad but also includes elements not appearing in Homer such as the presence of the Hittite empire to the east of Troy.
 The Brumado River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Chenarestan (Persian: چنارستان‎ also Romanized as Chenārestān) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 541 in 130 families.
 The Wilkes County Courthouse in Wilkesboro North Carolina was designed by Wheeler Runge & Dickey in Classical Revival and Beaux Arts style. It was built in 1903.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The listing included three contributing buildings on 3.1 acres (1.3 ha).
 Tjejer is a 1994 album from Swedish dansband Arvingarna.
 Euricania facialis is a species of insect in the family Ricaniidae. It is found in China (Fujian Zhejiang Jiangxi Henan Shanxi) Taiwan and Japan.
 Dr. István Varga (born 18 October 1953) is a Hungarian lawyer and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from 1994 to 2002 and since 2010.
 John G. Good Jr. is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate. He was elected to represent the 47th senatorial district in a 1971 special election to fill the remaining term of Ernest P. Kline who has been elected Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania.An attorney he resided in Beaver County Pennsylvania.
 The Toți River is a tributary of the Sărata River is Romania.
 Secrets and Lies subtitled the anatomy of an anti-environmental PR campaign is a 1999 book by Nicky Hager and Bob Burton.The book documents the public relations information put out by Timberlands West Coast Limited in order to win public support for logging of native forests on the West Coast of New Zealand.The material is based on a large amount of documentation leaked by a staff member from the local branch of Shandwick (now Weber Shandwick Worldwide) a global public relations company which had been hired by Timberlands to run a secret campaign against environmental groups such as Native Forest Action between 1997 and 1999. 
 The National Health is a play by Peter Nichols. Reminiscent of the Carry On film series this black comedy with tragic overtones focuses on the appalling conditions in an under-funded national health hospital which are contrasted comically with a Dr.
 Tmetolophota sulcana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Fereday in 1880. It is found in New Zealand.
 Mamusse Wunneetupanatamwe Up-Biblum God (aka: Algonquian Bible) was the first Christian Bible to be published in the United States. The English Puritan missionary John Eliot produced a translation of the Geneva Bible into the Indian Massachusett language. This is the reason it is also known as Eliot's Indian Bible. Mamusse Wunneetupanatamwe Up Biblum God and the cover page of the translated Bible means The Whole Holy His-Bible God both Old Testament and also New Testament.
 Diego César Santilli (Autonomous City of Buenos Aires born 6 April 1967) is an Argentine politician with a justicialist background today member of the Republican Proposal (PRO). He is currently employed as Minister of Environment and Public Space.
 Gampo Abbey is a Western Buddhist monastery in the Shambhala tradition in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Journal of Alzheimer's Disease is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by IOS Press covering the etiology pathogenesis epidemiology genetics treatment and psychology of Alzheimer's disease. The journal publishes research reports reviews short communications hypotheses book reviews and letters-to-the-editor. The editor-in-chief is George Perry (University of Texas at San Antonio). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.174.
 Weihe (Werra) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The David Rinehart Anthony House also known as the Wynne House was a historic vernacular Greek Revival style house in Eutaw Alabama. The house is a two-story wood framed building on a brick foundation four octagonal columns span the front portico. It was built in 1860 by David Rinehart Anthony. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as a part of the Antebellum Homes in Eutaw Thematic Resource on April 2 1982 due to its architectural significance.
 Pińczata [piɲˈt͡ʂata] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Włocławek and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 750.
 James Peak elevation 13300 ft (4100 m) is a summit in the Front Range of north central Colorado. The mountain is southeast of Winter Park at the juncture of Clear Creek Grand and Gilpin counties. The peak is the highest point in Gilpin County and the James Peak Wilderness.James Peak is named after Dr. Edwin James the botanist on Major Stephen H. Long's expedition of 1820.
 Museo de Arte Contemporáneo or MAC (Spanish for Contemporary Art Museum) is a modern art museum in Valdivia run by Universidad Austral de Chile. It was founded in 1994 by the then rector of Universidad Austral Manfred Max-Neef and the artist Hernán Miranda. Artists that have had exhibitions at MAC include: Nicanor Parra and Juan Francisco Salazar. MAC was built in the same site of the old Anwandter Brewery that collapsed during the 1960 Valdivia earthquake.
 Five Fingers is a 2006 drama/thriller film directed by Laurence Malkin and written by Chad Thumann and Malkin. The film had ten producers including actor Laurence Fishburne who stars alongside Ryan Phillippe Gina Torres Touriya Haoud Saïd Taghmaoui and Colm Meaney. Five Fingers was filmed in the Netherlands Morocco and Louisiana in 2004.
 Pseudophaloe stenoxantha is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is found in Colombia.
 1 New York Street is a high rise office building in Manchester England. Designed by Denton Corker Marshall the building is situated on Mosley Street opposite 38 and 42 Mosley Street. The building opened in 2009 and its main tennant is Bank of New York Mellon.
 Grov is a small village in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. Grov lies along the Eikefjorden at the junction of the highways Rv.5 and Fv.614 just a couple kilometres south of the Norddalsfjord Bridge. Grov is about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of the village of Brandsøy and 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) east of the town of Florø along Rv.5 and about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) to the west is the village of Eikefjord. The Tonheim-Grov area had 100 inhabitants in 2001.
 Elsfjord Church (Norwegian: Elsfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Elsfjord. The church is part of the Elsfjord parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The red church building was constructed in 1955 to serve the Elsfjord area. It was consecrated on 18 September 1955.
 The University Presbyterian Church and Student Center is located on State Street in Madison Wisconsin. It is part of the University of Wisconsin-Madison. On October 16 2002 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Children's python (Antaresia childreni) is a nonvenomous python species found in Australia.
 Terrorbird is the debut album release by Los Angeles-based experimental punk band The Mae Shi. It was released in July 2004 on CD by 5 Rue Christine and on vinyl by Strictly Amateur Films. The original pressing of the record was limited to 500 copies.
 St. Joseph Parish Gowanda New York is a Roman Catholic parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo located in the rural Western New York Village of Gowanda in the county of Erie. The Parish was named for Saint Joseph. The physical address of St. Joseph Church and Rectory is 26 Erie Avenue however the Church is located at the corner of Erie Avenue and East Main Street. The Church was built in 1957 with Auxiliary Bishop Leo R. Smith laying the cornerstone in 1958.
 Elizabeth Bathory is a Eurotica seven issue comic series by Raulo Cáceres published by Wetomix in 1999 and republished by Eros Comix in 2002-2007.
 Ashville is a village in Pickaway County Ohio United States. The population was 4097 at the 2010 census.
 Pardesi Babu is a 1998 Bollywood film directed by Manoj Agrawal starring Govinda Raveena Tandon Shilpa Shetty.
 Milosao is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Marian Kotleba (born 7 April 1977 in Banská Bystrica) is a Slovak politician and leader of the far-right political party People's Party - Our Slovakia (Slovak: Ľudová strana Naše Slovensko). He has since 24 November 2013 served as the Governor of Banská Bystrica Region.
 Bonaparte à Malte is a 2008 book by Maltese writer Frans Sammut with an introduction by Dr Paul Borg Olivier. The Maltese original Bonaparti f'Malta was published in 1997.
 Ling Fell is a small hill in the north west of the Lake District in the United Kingdom. It is close to the village of Wythop Mill from where it can easily be climbed. The fell is shaped like a wide dome with no particular dangers. Its name derives from the fact that it is largely covered in heather also known as ling. The summit has good views of the town of Cockermouth.
 Kochi Rajavu (translated as King of Kochi) is a 2005 Malayalam-language film directed by Johny Antony. It stars Dileep Kavya Madhavan & Rambha.
 Buzcheh-ye Vosta (Persian: بوزچه وسطي‎ also Romanized as Būzcheh-ye Vosţá; also known as Būjū-ye Vasaţ and Būzjeh-ye Vosţá) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 65 families.
 A Sunday in Hell (original title: En Forårsdag i Helvede) is a 1976 Danish documentary film directed by Jørgen Leth. The film is a chronology of the 1976 Paris–Roubaix bicycle race from the perspective of participants organizers and spectators.Paris–Roubaix is the most famous and usually the most dramatic of the spring classics. Much of the latter portion is over narrow cobbled tracks that choke with dust on dry days and become slick and muddy in rain.
 The Half-Breed's Way is a 1912 American silent short Western starring Harry von Meter Vivian Rich and George Beech.
 Cassida denticollis is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family that can be found in Mongolia West China (Xinjiang province) and the Western Palaearctic region. The species feeds on plants from the Asteraceae family including Achillea millefolium Artemisia absinthium Artemisia campestris and various plants Tanacetum species including Tanacetum corymbosum and Tansy.
 Aurora dos Sonhos is the third studio album by the Brazilian progressive rock group Apocalypse. One year after Perto do Amanhecer Apocalypse released Aurora dos Sonhos through Musea Records. The album dealt with different issues like conservation of nature science fiction and spirituality.
 The Followers is the second of the Special Edition copies in Jude Watson's Jedi Apprentice series. It was released on April 1 2002. Its story revolves around Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jinn as Jedi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 Mark James Cusack is the State Representative of Massachusetts from the 5th Norfolk District. He previously served as the Assistant to Braintree Mayor Joe Sullivan. He was sworn in on January 5 2011.
 Budziska [buˈd͡ʑiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Mount Nyū (乳 Nyū) is a stratovolcano of the Northern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group in Koumi Nagano Prefecture Japan. This mountain is part of the Yatsugatake-Chūshin Kōgen Quasi-National Park.
 Cotinis laticornis is a species of the Cotinis scarab genus.
 Stigmella azusa is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshū).The larvae feed on Salix serissaefolia. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Cosmopterix etmylaurae is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Costa Rica.
 Dosolbong is a mountain of Jeollanam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 1123 metres.
 St. John Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran congregation in Pomaria South Carolina affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church of America. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.It traces its origins to 1754 when Reformed minister Rev. John Glasser of Thurgau moved to the area to minister to nearby German-speaking settlements.
 The Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle in Washington D.C. most commonly known as St. Matthew's Cathedral is the seat of the Archbishop (currently Donald Cardinal Wuerl as of 2013) of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington. As St. Matthew's Cathedral and Rectory it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.The cathedral is located in downtown Washington at 1725 Rhode Island Avenue NW between Connecticut Avenue and 17th Street.
 Spanners is a music album by IDM artists Ken Downie Ed Handley and Andy Turner aka The Black Dog which was released in 1995 on double vinyl cassette and CD.It became a landmark in the ever changing cross-pollination of musical genres that was loosely referred to as the dance scene. It also became their most commercially successful album with its blend of hip hop beats Latin infused rhythms and almost junglist percussion patterns.
 St John the Baptist's Church Old Colwyn is in Station Road Old Colwyn in Conwy County Borough Wales. It is an active Anglican church in the parish of Colwyn the deanery of Rhos the archdeaconry of St Asaph and the diocese of St Asaph. St John's is the daughter church of St Catherine's Church Abergele Road Colwyn. It is designated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Zal Mahmud Pasha Mosque (Turkish: Zal Mahmut Paşa Camii) is an old Ottoman mosque located near the Eyüp Sultan Mosque in the Eyüp district of Istanbul Turkey.
 Die Pyramide (The Pyramid) is a high-rise building built in 1994/95 and located in the Berlin Borough of Marzahn at the Rhinstraße / Landsberger Allee intersection. The office building and adjacent outbuildings have a combined floor space of 43800 square metres. It was built by Düren-based real estate company Fundus-Gruppe for about 145 million Euros.
 The Rhône (French: Rhône IPA: [ʁon]; German: Rhone; Walliser German: Rotten; Italian: Rodano; Arpitan: Rôno; Occitan: Ròse) is one of the major rivers of Europe rising in Switzerland and running from there through southeastern France. At Arles near its mouth on the Mediterranean Sea the river divides into two branches known as the Great Rhône (French: Grand Rhône) and the Little Rhône (Petit Rhône). The resulting delta constitutes the Camargue region.
 Bushranger's Ransom or A Ride for Life is an Australian film directed by E.J. Cole. It is adapted from a stage play about a real-life raid by bushranger Ben Hall on the Keightley household near Bathurst in 1863. The play had been performed throughout Australia by Cole's Bohemian Dramatic Company. It is considered a lost film.
 Hellboy: The Wild Hunt is the ninth collected edition in Mike Mignola's Hellboy comic book series the second of three connected story arcs written by Mignola and illustrated by Duncan Fegredo. Its eight chapters collected in March 2010 were originally released from December 2008 through November 2009 as issues 1-8 of the Hellboy: The Wild Hunt limited series also numbered (on the inside front cover) as issues 37 through 44 of the continuing Hellboy series.
 Songs of Time is an album which contains the original soundtrack from the Sega Mega-CD version of Ecco the Dolphin and Ecco: The Tides of Time. It was released on September 3 1996. The music is composed by Spencer Nilsen. The music is atmospheric and ambient heavy on high-quality synthesizer low-frequency percussion and various samples including dolphin squeaks and squeals.[citation needed] The title is derived from Ecco: The Tides of Time.
 The Eel River is a 94-mile-long (151 km) tributary of the Wabash River in northern Indiana in the United States. Via the Wabash and Ohio rivers its waters flow to the Mississippi River and ultimately the Gulf of Mexico. The Eel River rises southeast of Huntertown in Allen County and flows southwest through Allen Whitley Kosciusko Wabash Miami and Cass counties to join the Wabash at Logansport.
 Under the Covers Vol. 3 is the third collaboration between alternative rock artist Matthew Sweet and Bangles singer Susanna Hoffs. Released by Shout! Factory on November 12 2013 it contains 14 cover versions of favorite songs of the 80s.
 Collix inaequata is a moth of the Geometridae family. This moth is endemic in La Réunion where it is found in medium altitudes.A known foodplant of the larvae is Badula barthesia an endemic Myrsinaceae. The larvae are green with some pink colorations.
 Angelo Cerica (September 30 1885 - April 11 1961) was an Italian general and senator.
 Linda J. Lopez is a Democratic former member of the Arizona Senate representing the 29th District from 2009 to 2014. Lopez served in the Arizona House of Representatives from 2001 to 2009. She was the Assistant Minority Leader in the Senate.Lopez resigned in January 2014.
 Harbingers is the tenth volume in a series of Repairman Jack books written by American author F. Paul Wilson. The book was first published by Gauntlet Press in a signed limited first edition (May 2006) later as a trade hardcover from Forge (September 2006) and finally as a mass market paperback from Forge (August 2007).
 Favartia bojadorensis common name the Bojador murex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Jeust is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 Mazraeh-ye Sefidan (Persian: مزرعه سفيدان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sefīdān) is a village in Rabatat Rural District Kharanaq District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 John Richardson (April 5 1843 – August 26 1915) was an Ontario farmer and political figure. He represented York East in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1894 to 1904 as a Liberal member.He was born in Scarborough Canada West and was educated at Victoria College in Cobourg. Richardson served on the township council for Scarborough from 1876 to 1894 serving as reeve from 1881 to 1894 and also served as warden for York County.He died in 1915.
 Kolarovo Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Harmanli in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Punctapinella scleroductus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 The Sundew Plume Moth (Buckleria parvulus) is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in the south-eastern United States including Florida North Carolina Louisiana Alabama Georgia Mississippi South Carolina and Texas.Its average wingspan is about 12 millimetres (0.47 in).The larvae feed on Drosera brevifolia Drosera intermedia and Drosera filiformis. They feed on the glandular trichomes leaves and flowers of their host plant.
 Pine Hall in Pine Hall North Carolina also known as Anderson-Hanes House was built in 1859. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Kharasf (Persian: خرسف‎) is a village in Rob-e Shamat Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 609 in 150 families.
 Doris chrysoderma is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dorididae.
 The Staff Sergeant (Athyma selenophora) is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in tropical and subtropical Asia.
 The houses at 208–218 East 78th Street in Manhattan New York United States are a group of six attached brick rowhouses built during the early 1860s.
 Chahar Barreh (Persian: چهاربره‎ also Romanized as Chahār Barreh Chahār Bareh Chahār Borah and Chehār Būrreh) is a village in Gudarzi Rural District Oshtorinan District Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1065 in 290 families.
 The Arachthos (Greek: Άραχθος) is a river in eastern Epirus Greece. Its source is in the Pindus mountains near the town Metsovo (Ioannina regional unit). Its upper course is known as Metsovitikos. From its confluence with the Dipotamos near the village of Batza it is called Arachthos. It flows towards the south passing between the Athamanika and the Xerovouni mountains.
 The UCSD Guardian is a student-operated newspaper at the University of California San Diego. Originally named the Triton Times it is published twice a week during the regular academic year usually Mondays and Thursdays. Although the Guardian is officially a university department it is funded solely by advertising. Unlike many college newspapers the Guardian has no faculty advisor and is not formally tied to any academic program.
 Cieśle [ˈt͡ɕɛɕlɛ] (German: Zessel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Oleśnica and 33 kilometres (21 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Alfred E. Alquist (August 2 1908 – March 27 2006) was a California politician.
 The Ruby in the Smoke (1985) is a novel by the English author Philip Pullman. It was also adapted for television in 2006. It is the first of the Sally Lockhart Quartet. It is followed by The Shadow in the North The Tiger in the Well and The Tin Princess.
 La Moleta or Moleta d'Alfara is a mountain of the Serra de l'Espina a northern prolongation of the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 812 metres above sea level. La Moleta rises about 5 km NNW above the village of Alfara de Carles. It is readily identifiable from afar for its striking squarish shape contrasts sharply with the other summits of the mountain chain.
 Drakon is a follow-up to S. M. Stirling's alternate history series The Domination.
 The Necessities of Life (French: Ce qu'il faut pour vivre; Inuktitut: Inuujjutiksaq ᐃᓅᔾᔪᑎᒃᓴᖅ or ᐃᓅᔾᔪᑦᐃᒃᓴᖅ [inuːjjutikˈsaq]) is a 2008 film directed by Benoît Pilon. The film was acclaimed by critics and received the Special Grand Prize of Jury of the Montreal World Film Festival. It was also nominated at the Namur International Film Festival and Vancouver International Film Festival. The film was Canada's submission for Best Foreign Language Film at the 81st Academy Awards.
 Annual Review of Biochemistry is an annual peer reviewed scientific journal published by Annual Reviews a nonprofit scientific publisher. The editor in chief is Roger D. Kornberg (Stanford University). The journal focuses on molecular biology and biological chemistry review articles. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 27.681 ranking it second out of 290 journals in the category Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
 The Quarry Bridge is located near Quarry Iowa in Marshall County Iowa. The bridge is also called the Iowa River Bridge. It was built in 1885 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1998.The superstructure of the bridge was fabricated by the King Iron Bridge Company of Cleveland Ohio. The builders completed the bridge in September 1885 at a cost of $3295. The total length of the bridge is 149.9 feet (45.7 m). The deck width is 16.1 feet (4.9 m).
 Anaxarcha is a genus of praying mantis in the family Acromantinae.
 The E. Clarke and Julia Arnold House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home in Columbus Wisconsin United States.The Arnold house occupies a large site on the west edge of the city of Columbus and overlooks the farmlands to the west. It was built in 1955-1956 for E. Clarke Arnold a successful Columbus attorney his wife Julia and their growing family from a design supplied by Frank Lloyd Wright.
 Batella is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 City of Life is a 2009 multilingual Emirati film written directed and produced by Ali F. Mostafa. Set in the United Arab Emirates the film revolves around three parallel lives amongst many cultures in one city namely Dubai.
 Boglár László is a Hungarian politician who served as spokesperson of the Hungarian government from 6 October 2004 to 12 September 2005. After that Ferenc Gyurcsány appointed her press officer of the Prime Minister.
 Kawęczynek [kavɛnˈt͡ʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Warta 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Vinje Church (Norwegian: Vinje kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hemne in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Vinjeøra just north of the European route E39. The church is part of the Vinje parish in the Orkdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.The white wooden octagonal church building was constructed in 1820 to replace an older church that was not in good shape. The church can seat 150 on the main floor with an additional 50 seats in the balcony.
 Even Money is a 2006 American crime film.The story concerns three strangers who are addicted to gambling and how their lives come to be intertwined. They are a novelist who struggles to write her follow-up book a former stage magician and an older brother of a college basketball star. The film was directed by Mark Rydell and stars Forest Whitaker Nick Cannon Kim Basinger Danny DeVito Kelsey Grammer Tim Roth Carla Gugino Jay Mohr and Ray Liotta.
 Nobuhiko Ushiba (牛場信彦 Ushiba Nobuhiko) (16 November 1909—31 December 1984) was a Japanese diplomat who served as Ambassador to Canada from 1961 to 1964 Ambassador to the United States from 1970 to 1973 and as Minister of State for External Economic Affairs from 1977 to 1979. The last was a position in the Cabinet of Japan created specially for him.
 Adrianus Petrus Wilhelmus Ad Melkert (Dutch: [ˈɑt ˈmɛlkərt] ; February 12 1956) is a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA). He served as a Member of the House of Representatives from June 3 1986 until August 22 1994 when he became Minister of Social Affairs and Employment in the Cabinet Kok I following the Dutch general election of 1994.
 ´Celso Roberto Pitta do Nascimento (Portuguese: [ˈsɛwsu ˈpitɐ]; 1946–2009) was a Brazilian economist and politician. He is a Bachelor in Economics by Fluminense Federal University master in Economics by University of Leeds and specialist in Advanced Administration by Harvard University.
 Sinipolia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Daniel T. Drew is a Democratic American politician. Drew was elected Mayor of Middletown Connecticut in November 2011. In 2009 Drew ran against then incumbent mayor Sebastian Giuliano and lost by 486 Votes. In 2011 Drew defeated Giuliano.
 Przeździecko-Mroczki [pʂɛʑˈd͡ʑɛt͡skɔ ˈmrɔt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Stetson Union Church is a historic church on ME 222 in Stetson Maine.It was designed by architect Benjamin S. Deane in Greek Revival style. It was built in 1843 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Greenwood is a village located in the western part of Kings County in Nova Scotia's Annapolis Valley.
 Peda-vegi is a village and a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.It is 12 km from the city of Eluru the headquarters of West Godavari Dist. Pedavegi also serves as the Mandal headquarters of Pedavegi Mandal.
 Viaţa Basarabiei (Romanian for Bessarabia's Life pronounced [ˈvjat͡sa basaˈrabi.ej]) is a Romanian-language periodical from Chişinău Moldova. Originally a literary and political magazine published at a time when Bessarabia region was part of Romania it was founded in 1932 by political activist Pan Halippa and writer Nicolai Costenco.
 The Great Escape was the debut EP by British rock band Morning Runner first released on 21 June 2004 (see 2004 in music). Only 500 vinyl copies were made available.The EP featured the original versions of The Great Escape and Oceans which were re-recorded for the band's debut album Wilderness Is Paradise Now.
 The Tithe Barn at Manor Farm in Doulting Somerset England was built in the 15th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.Tithe barns were used to store tithes from the local farmers to the ecclesiastical landlords. In this case the landlord was Glastonbury Abbey. A tithe (from Old English teogoþa tenth) is a one-tenth part of something paid as a (usually) voluntary contribution or as a tax or levy usually to support a Christian religious organization.
 Punk Rock is Your Friend: Kung Fu Records Sampler No. 6 is the sixth compilation album by the Seal Beach California record label Kung Fu Records released in 2005. It features artists signed to the label at the time as well as others who were not signed to the label but had participated in some of their releases such as The Show Must Go Off! live DVD series.
 The Great Santini is a 1979 film which tells the story of a Marine officer whose success as an F-4 Phantom military aviator contrasts with his shortcomings as a husband and father. The film explores the high price of heroism and self-sacrifice.
 Zavrelje is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D8 highway.
 In and Out of Control is the fourth album by The Raveonettes and was released October 6 2009.
 Aliabad-e Kahak (Persian: علي ابادكهك‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Kahak; also known as ‘Alīābād  ‘Alīābād-e Kahak Rūd ‘Alīābād-e Sar Bīsheh and Ali Abad Mo’men Abad) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 12 families.
 Zaadamie [zaaˈdamjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Dołhobyczów 32 km (20 mi) south of Hrubieszów and 129 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Sehaj Samadhi Banaam Sunn Samadhi is a religious text written by Dharam Singh Nihang Singh containing exegesis of famous discourse and composition of Guru Nanak Sidh Gosti.This text is also called Sidh Goshti Steek having 162 pages written in 1999 on occasion of 300 years of Khalsa Panth mainly for preachers of Sikh religion. The book was published by Sachkhoj Academy Khanna and was second book from author after Naad Ved Vichar.
 Pahapilli is a village in Mustjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Honeymoon Trio is a 1931 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 In Place Apart is the debut studio album by the American hardcore band Killing the Dream. The album was released on September 13 2005 through Deathwish Inc..
 Queens Reach is the last arm of the Jervis Inlet and is located within the Coast Mountain Range of British Columbia Canada. This arm was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS Plumber who charted all the of the area and was named after Queen Victoria of England.
 Çataloluk is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Anamur is 12 kilometres (7.5 mi). The population of Çataloluk is 427 as of 2011.
 Who I Am is the second studio album from Christian Contemporary/acoustic/pop singer-songwriter Jason Castro. It was released on November 9 2010 via Atlantic Records and Word Records and was the first record with Word and the last with Atlantic. The album has garnered mixed reviews from the critics and has already achieved success from the lead single You Are.
 Pseudozonaria nigropunctata common name the black-spotted cowry is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Nhamundá River or Jamundá River (Yamundá River in Spanish) is a river in northern Brazil which marks part of the northeastern boundary between states of Amazonas and Pará.
 Une enfant du siècle (English: A Child of the Century) is the fourth studio album by the French recording artist Alizée the first one released under the Jive Records/Epic label and her first French-English-Spanish album language. The full album leaked on to the Internet on 19 March 2010. The album was released in France on 29 March 2010. The album was praised by critics considering it as a masterpiece and praised radical change in every way.
 Paul de Krom (born 10 February 1963) is a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He served as the State Secretary for Social Affairs and Employment in the Cabinet Rutte I from 14 October 2010 to 5 November 2012. He previously served as a Member of the House of Representatives from 30 January 2003 to 14 October 2010.
 Farmers National Bank is a bank building in the village of Plain City in Madison County Ohio United States. The bank is located at the intersection of State Route 161 and Chillicothe Street. Built in 1902 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Woodlands or the William Gilmore Simms Estate was the home of author William Gilmore Simms (1806-1870). It is known also as Woodlands Ruins. According to the South Carolina Department of Archives and History it is a significant literary landmark. Simms who married into the family that owned it and then was given this estate observed “I am moving into an ancient dwelling largely fallen into disrepair. And further it was burned by Federal army stragglers in 1865.
 Unclean Jobs for Women and Girls is the debut short story collection of author Alissa Nutting winner of the Sixth Starcherone Prize for Innovative Fiction.
 Faiths of Eberron (ISBN 0-7869-3934-6) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 No Frills is the eighth album by Nik Kershaw record live and released on 1 February 2010 under his own record label. Initially the album was only available for purchase online via Kershaw's web site through his own studio Shorthouse Records.
 Panorama plus is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Anglesboro or Anglesborough (Irish: Gleann na gCreabhar historically anglicized as Gleanagruer) is a small village at the foot of the Galtee Mountains in south-east County Limerick Ireland. The nearest town is Mitchelstown in County Cork approximately 12 kilometres away.It is a small community with one shop a National schoola Catholic church and a community hall to service the local population. It is situated in a primarily agricultural area.
 Toorpu Velle Railu (Telugu: తూర్పు వెళ్ళే రైలు) is a 1979 Telugu film directed by Bapu and written by Mullapudi Venkata Ramana. The film starred Mohan and Jyoti. The film was a remake of Tamil film Kizhake Pogum Rail.
 The Junc River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Endropiodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Louis Harrington Scoop Lewry CM (April 16 1919 – February 25 1992) was a Canadian politician and reporter.Born in Moose Jaw Saskatchewan he was elected as an alderman on the Moose Jaw City Council in 1948. Lewry later became mayor of the city in 1950 and served in this role until 1956. He was married to Jean Lewry (née Munroe) and had five children Philip (Doreen Ludke) Catherine (Robert Patterson) Janet Harold and Mary (Roger Rothwell).
 Elinor Zimmerman Taylor (April 18 1921 – July 27 2010) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives representing the 156th legislative district from 1977 through her retirement in 2006. Taylor served in the House Republican leadership as Majority Caucus Chair. She attended West Chester High School graduating in 1939. In 1943 she graduated from West Chester University where she later received a Doctor of Public Service honoris causa.
 Clifford Leopold Alexander Jr. (born September 21 1933) is an American lawyer businessman and public servant. He was the first African-American Secretary of the Army.
 The Colorado Springs City Hall is a municipal building in Colorado Springs Colorado. The building is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Thomas Edmond Garrison Jr. (1922 – 2013) was an American farmer and politician who served in the South Carolina House of Representatives 1959–1966 and then the South Carolina Senate 1967–1988.
 The Sun Moon Legend also known as The Young Moon Legend is a 1980 Taiwanese film adapted from Xinyue Chuanqi of Gu Long's Chu Liuxiang novel series. The film was directed by Wang Yu and starred Meng Fei as the lead character.
 Traffic Gold is a two-disc 2005 compilation album by the psychedelic rock band Traffic. It contains at least one song from each album except On the Road Far From Home and The Last Great Traffic Jam.
 Pizzocco is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2187 metres.
 Krippendorf's Tribe is a 1998 film adaptation of Frank Parkin's novel of the same name directed by Todd Holland. The film stars Richard Dreyfuss as the eponymous professor along with Jenna Elfman Natasha Lyonne and Lily Tomlin.
 Guy Bolagh (Persian: گوي بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Gūy Bolāgh) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District in the Central District of Malard County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 28 families.
 Edwin A. Eddie Day Pashinski is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 121st District who was elected in 2006. His district includes Wilkes-Barre Wilkes-Barre Township Ashley Plains Township and two wards in Hanover Township all in Luzerne County.Pashinski earned a bachelors degree in Music Education at Wilkes University and a Master's Equivalency at Penn State University.
 Woodland Park Hospital was a medical facility in Portland Oregon United States. Opened in 1962 the for profit hospital was known for its cosmetic surgery. Towards the end of its run the facility received national scrutiny over the handling of patients when the hospital was forced to call 911 for a medical emergency and the hospital then closed in 2006.
 Cathy's Book: If Found Call (650) 266-8233 is a young adult novel with alternative reality game elements by Sean Stewart and Jordan Weisman illustrated by Cathy Brigg. It was first published September 12[citation needed] 2006 by Running Press. It includes an evidence packet filled with letters phone numbers pictures and birth certificates as well as doodles and notes written by Cathy in the page margins.
 Nakharam (Malayalam: നഖരം; English: The Claw) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by T. Deepesh starring Ganesh Kumar Architha Madhupal Mamukkoya Jose Thettayil and Sreeletha. Written by Valasalan Vadhussery and produced by Ismail V. C. the film released in Kerala on January 7 2011. Jose Thettayil the current Minister for Transport in the Government of Kerala played the role of a judge in the film. It was the first DSLR feature film in India.
 The Vyg (Russian: Выг) is a river in Republic of Karelia. Consists of the Upper Vyg 135 km long discharging into Lake Vygozero and the Lower Vyg 102 km long flowing from Lake Vygozero and discharging into Onega Bay of the White Sea near Belomorsk. The Upper Vyg flows through several small lakes in a swampy land. The Lower Vyg is controlled by several dams as a part of the White Sea-Baltic Canal.
 The Benjamin Stickney Cable Memorial Hospital is a historic hospital building at the junction of Massachusetts Routes 1A and 133 in Ipswich Massachusetts. The Colonial Revival building was built in 1917 following an extended fundraising effort begun in 1906 and pushed further along by philanthropist and Castle Hill owner Richard T. Crane Jr. after the 1915 death in a car accident of his friend Benjamin Stickney Cable.
 Turn It Up is a 2000 action hood film. It was directed by Robert Adetuyi and stars Ja Rule Pras Faith Evans and Jason Statham. The film grossed $1247949 during its brief theatrical run.
 The Nashville Banner is a defunct daily newspaper of Nashville Tennessee United States which published from April 10 1876 until February 20 1998.
 Fountain Elms is a historic home located at Utica in Oneida County New York. It is part of the Munson-Williams-Proctor Arts Institute. The original block was completed in 1852 in the Italian Style. It is basically a cube with a center hall plan. The original rear wing was remodeled in 1883 and a third two story wing added. An additional wing and piazza was added in 1908 resulting in the current irregular plan.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Vanderhorstia is a genus of gobies native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.
 The Afghan Campaign is a historical novel by the American writer Steven Pressfield. It was first published in 2006 by the Broadway division of Random House. It is the story of Alexander the Great's invasion of the Afghan kingdoms (the Afghanistan of today) in 330 BC through the eyes of Matthias (Μαντίθεος in Greek) a young soldier from Macedonia who narrates theadventures of the Macedonian army against the Eastern warriors.
 Eucera is genus of bees in the family Apidae subfamily Apinae.
 Samuel McClary Fite (June 12 1816 – October 23 1875) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for Tennessee's 4th congressional district.
 Irish Eyes Are Smiling is a 1944 musical film which chronicles the life of popular Irish song composer Ernest R. Ball. The screenplay by Earl Baldwin and John Tucker Battle is based on a story by E. A. Ellington. The film was directed by Gregory Ratoff and produced by Damon Runyon for 20th Century Fox. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score in 1944.
 James Albert Noe Sr. (December 21 1890 – October 18 1976) of Monroe served for three and a half months as the 43rd Governor of Louisiana after the death of Oscar K. Allen on January 28 1936.
 The Dark World is a science fantasy novel by Henry Kuttner noted for its influence on The Chronicles of Amber by Roger Zelazny. The novel was first published in the July 1946 issue of Startling Stories then reprinted in the Winter 1954 issue of Fantastic Story Magazine. Its first book edition was issued by Ace in 1965 followed by a British paperback from Mayflower Books in 1966. A French translation appeared in 1972.
 Epic Soundtracks was the stage name of the British musician Kevin Paul Godfrey (23 March 1959–6 November 1997).
 Ford Hall is an all-female residence hall at Kansas State University and is named for Kenney L. Ford who was Secretary of the Kansas State Alumni Association from 1928-1961. It is located on the South East corner of the Derby Complex at Kansas State's Manhattan Kansas campus south of Haymaker Hall and east of West Hall on Manhattan Avenue and Old Claflin Road. It has a residence of approximately 450 students and all rooms are suites.
 Las Palmitas is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Mount Rosa elevation 11504 ft (3506 m) is a summit in the Front Range of Colorado 9 mi (14 km) southwest of downtown Colorado Springs. Mt. Rosa is part of the Pikes Peak Massif and rises 5475 ft (1669 m) above downtown Colorado Springs and is among the taller summits on the city's skyline.Hikers may access Mt. Rosa and its summit by way of several hiking trails in the area. The most common route is the Frosty Park Route and may be accessed by taking Cheyenne Mountain Blvd.
 Slightly Dangerous is a 1943 American romantic comedy film starring Lana Turner and Robert Young. A bored young woman in a dead-end job runs away to New York City and ends up impersonating the long-lost daughter of a millionaire. The film was directed by Wesley Ruggles and written by Charles Lederer and George Oppenheimer from a story by Ian McLellan Hunter and Aileen Hamilton.
 Waccamaw River Memorial Bridge is a historic bridge located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina.It was built in 1937 and opened to the public in April 1938 designated as a memorial to Horry County citizens who served in America’s wars from the American Revolution through the First World War. Its cost was $370000. It is 1270 feet long and carries U.S. Route 501 over the Waccamaw River.
 The Napoleon snake eel (Ophichthus bonaparti) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Johann Jakob Kaup in 1856.
 Educating Rita is a stage comedy by British playwright Willy Russell. It is a play for two actors set entirely in the office of an Open University lecturer.Commissioned by the Royal Shakespeare Company Educating Rita premièred at The Warehouse London in June 1980 starring Julie Walters and Mark Kingston. The play was directed by Mike Ockrent.
 Nahar Block consists of 46 Gram Panchayats and 49 Villages and 123303 is its pincode number.NAME OF THE DISTRICT : REWARINAME OF THE BLOCK : NAHAR
 Copadichromis quadrimaculatus is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is found in Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 The Hotel on the Roof of the World is a humorous account by Alec Le Sueur of the attempt to manage the Holiday Inn Lhasa in Tibet in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The book was published in the UK in 1998 by Summersdale and has remained in print since then.
 Clark: A Gonzomentary is an American 2013 gonzo journalism-styled mockumentary written directed and produced by Daniel D.W.
 St Laurence Pountney was a parish church in the City of London. It stood in Candlewick Street in Candlewick Ward until its destruction in the Great Fire of London.Following the destruction of the majority of parish churches in the City by the Great Fire the Rebuilding Act was passed and a committee set up under Sir Christopher Wren to decide which would be rebuilt Fifty-one were chosen but St Laurence Pountney was not amongst them.
 Galleh Khar (Persian: گله خر‎ also Romanized as Gallehkhar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 7 in 5 families.
 Tanya Joan Plibersek (born 2 December 1969) is an Australian politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Sydney since 1998 and the Deputy Leader of the Opposition and Deputy Leader of the Labor Party since 2013. She previously served in both the Rudd and Gillard Governments as Minister for Health Minister for Human Services and Minister for Housing.
 The Oregon Civic Justice Center is a three-story former library building on the campus of Willamette University in downtown Salem Oregon United States. Built in 1912 as a Carnegie library for the city of Salem the building now houses several programs of Willamette University College of Law.
 House at 156 Mason Terrace is a historic house at 156 Mason Terrace in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Portrait of Teresa (Spanish: Retrato de Teresa) is a 1979 Cuban drama film directed by Pastor Vega. It was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival where Daisy Granados won the award for Best Actress.
 Tecumseh is a 1972 East German western film directed by Hans Kratzert and starring Gojko Mitic Annekathrin Bürger and Rolf Römer. The film depicts the life of the Native American leader Tecumsah (1768-1813) including his role in Tecumseh's War and his later death in the War of 1812 while fighting with the British against the United States.The film is a red western made by DEFA the state-owned East German studio.
 Theodore P. Savas is an attorney adjunct college instructor award-winning author publishing consultant and partner and managing director of Savas Beatie LLC. He specializes in military history in general and the American Civil War and American Revolutionary War in particular.
 Waplewo-Osiedle [vaˈplɛvɔ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Stary Targ 12 km (7 mi) east of Sztum and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Muncie Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Muncie Indiana. Opened in 1970 it is anchored by J. C. Penney Sears Carson's and Macy's. It is managed by Simon Property Group.
 Hızırkahya Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca Antalya Province Turkey.
 The Humboldt County Courthouse is a courthouse in Dakota City Iowa United States the county seat of Humboldt County which dates from 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 as a part of the PWA-Era County Courthouses of IA Multiple Properties Submission. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Bill Longmore is the Independent Police and Crime Commissioner for West Mercia Police. He is the first person to hold the post and was elected on 15 November 2012. A former police officer with Staffordshire Police Longmore was a businessman prior to his election. He attracted controversy shortly after taking office for appointing his former campaign manager as his Deputy.
 Pollex lafontainei is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Palawan in the Philippines.The wingspan is about 11 mm. The forewing is narrow and blackish brown. The hindwing is unicolorous brown with an indistinct black discal spot and the underside unicolorous brown.
 Heidi Ann Swank (born in 1968 in Prescott Wisconsin) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly since February 4 2013 representing District 16.
 Cemile Giousouf (/ˈdʒɛmɪlɛ ˈjuːsuːf/; born May 5 1978 in Leverkusen Germany) (Greek: Τζεμιλέ Γιουσούφ) (Turkish: Cemile Yusuf) is a German politician of Turkish ethnicity. She is the first ever Muslim member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) elected into the Bundestag in 2013.
 Marti Anderson is the Iowa State Representative from the 36th District. A Democrat she has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2013. Anderson was born raised and resides in Des Moines Iowa. She has a B.A. in Social Work from the University of Northern Iowa and a M.S.W. from the University of Iowa.As of May 2013 Anderson serves on several committees in the Iowa House - the Environmental Protection Human Resources Judiciary and Public Safety committees.
 Mount Xuebaoding（Chinese: 雪宝顶; literally Snowy Treasure Peak; Tibetan name:Shar Dung Ri）is a mountain near the easternmost edge of the Tibetan Plateau in China. With an elevation of 5588 metres (18333 ft) it is the highest peak of the Min Mountains. It is located in Songpan County of the Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture Sichuan Province.Xuebaoding was first climbed in 1986 by a Japanese team.
 The John A. Green Estate (also known as the Green-Nissen Estate) is a historic property in Stone City Iowa United States. The estate covers 200 acres (0.81 km2) of land. The buildings were constructed of Anamosa Limestone quarried from John Green's own local business. The estate was placed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 In Our Image: America's Empire in the Philippines is a 1989 book by American journalist Stanley Karnow published by Random House. The book details the Philippine–American War (1899–1902) and the subsequent American occupation of the islands. Karnow described the book as the story of America's only major colonial experience.
 Arbury Priory was a priory in Warwickshire England.
 Sukumar Hansda is an Indian politician and the present Minister for Paschimanchal Unnayan Affairs in the Government of West Bengal. He is also an MLA elected from the Jhargram constituency in the West Bengal state assembly election 2011.
 Favourite Worst Nightmare is the second studio album by English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys that was first released in Japan on 18 April 2007 before being released around the world. Recorded in east London's Miloco Studios with producers James Ford and Mike Crossey the album was preceded by the release of Brianstorm on 16 April 2007.
 Uduwawala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Tsitika Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 18 km (11 mi) southeast of Telegraph Cove and 34 km (21 mi) northwest of Mount Abel.
 The Făgădău River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Falling Up (known in Australia as The Golden Door) is a 2009 romantic comedy film that was released direct-to-video in late 2009 or early 2010 depending on region.
 Dawkins vs. Gould: Survival of the Fittest is a book by philosopher of biology Kim Sterelny about the differing views of biologists Richard Dawkins and Stephen Jay Gould. When first published in 2001 it became an international bestseller. A new edition was published in 2007 to include Gould's The Structure of Evolutionary Theory finished shortly before his death in 2002 and more recent works by Dawkins. The synopsis below is from the 2007 publication.
 St Michael and All Angels Church Crewe Green is in the village of Crewe Green Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Nantwich. Its benefice is combined with that of St Matthew Haslington.
 Hoplophanes philomacha is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1897. It is found in Western Australia.
 The Church of St. Agnes is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 143 East 43rd Street Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1873.
 Vellakkinar is an Indian village in Thalavady Panchayath Kuttanad Taluk Alappuzha District Kerala State. It is 11 km from Thiruvalla Railway Station. Haripad Thakazhy Ambalappuzha Alappuzha are some of the nearest railway stations from the Vellakkinar.There is also a place East to Collectorate Junction of Alleppey.
 The Guinea Pig is a 1929 comedy in three acts by Preston Sturges his first play to appear on Broadway. The Broadway production was directed by Walter Greenough and produced by Sturges.
 International Humanist News is a monthly journal published by International Humanist and Ethical Union.
 Jaswantpura is a village in the Jalore District of Rajasthan India. It holds the headquarters of panchayat samiti (block) of the same name and is part of the Bhinmal sub division. It is declared to be made as tehsil in Rajasthan budget-2012-13. It is named after the ruler of Marwar (Jodhpur ) Maharaja Jaswant Singh. Prior to 1947 it was the headquarters of the pargana by the same name. The Navodaya vidyalaya of Jalore district Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya Jaswantpura is located here .
 Nezirovići is a village in the municipality of Busovača Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Daughters of Darkness (in France Les Lèvres rouges and in Belgium Le Rouge aux lèvres both literally translated as The Red Lips) is a 1971 Belgian horror film (with dialogue in English) directed by Harry Kümel. It is an erotic vampire film following a style Camille Paglia calls psychological high Gothic.
 Jacob Fillmore Burket (March 25 1837 – October 9 1906) was a Republican politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who was an Ohio Supreme Court Judge 1893–1904.
 The Bone River is a short river in the U.S. state of Washington. It is about 6 miles (9.7 km) long.
 The Iroquois River is a 103-mile-long (166 km) tributary of the Kankakee River in northwestern Indiana and northeastern Illinois in the United States. Via the Kankakee and Illinois rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 Hullabaloo: Live at Le Zenith Paris (also referred to as Hullabaloo) is a live video album by English alternative rock band Muse. The video documents the band's two performances at Le Zénith in Paris France on 28 and 29 October 2001 and features an additional disc of backstage footage. A soundtrack album for the video was also produced entitled Hullabaloo Soundtrack.
 Classic Campbell is a 3 disc compilation album issued by EMI in 2006 consisting of hit singles album tracks and a few previously unreleased recordings (that first surfaced on the 1995 The Essential Glen Campbell Volume One Two and Three series) from the sixties and the seventies. One album track makes its CD debut here the instrumental Wimoweh (The Lion Sleeps Tonight) from The Astounding 12-String Guitar of Glen Campbell (1963).
 Emery (or Emory) Valentine (1858 – September 9 1930) was an Alaskan politician and the sixth mayor of Juneau Alaska from 1908 to 1912 and from 1917 to 1919. He was also a miner goldsmith jeweller assayer gunsmith watchmaker architect firefighter and businessman.
 Konar-e Jamal (Persian: كنارجمال‎ also Romanized as Konār-e Jamāl) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 18 families.
 Shine is the second studio album by Grammy-Award winner singer/songwriter Estelle. Executive-produced by John Legend Estelle's second album Shine brings together the best and brightest from Legend’s circle. Kanye West delivers “American Boy” a slice of modern disco that is perfect backdrop for the song’s cross-continental romance while Wyclef Jean and Mark Ronson bring to the table a global sensibility well-suited to Estelle a West Londoner with a mom from Senegal and a dad from Grenanda.
 The Waipunga River is a tributary of the Mohaka River located between Taupo and Napier in New Zealand's North Island. It runs roughly 50 km from its source near the eastern edge of the Volcanic Plateau to its junction with the Mohaka of which some 15 km follow alongside the Napier-Taupo highway (State Highway 5). It is perhaps most notable for the scenic Waipunga Falls visible from a rest stop along the highway.
 The Americans: The Democratic Experience is a 1973 book by American historian Daniel J. Boorstin. The book is the third in his American history trilogy in which he argues that the physical environment of the New World shaped American society. In 1974 the book was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for History as well as the Bancroft Prize and the Francis Parkman Prize.
 Michael Hutchence is the only solo album by INXS frontman Michael Hutchence. It was released on 14 December 1999 just over two years after Hutchence's death.Hutchence began work on what would become his posthumous solo album in 1995 with Gus Till and Mad Sheer Khan in Paris at Exit Studio. Following his death in 1997 Black Grape producer Danny Saber and ex-Gang of Four guitarist Andy Gill completed the album.
 Jabal Mulfirah is a hill in Fujairah.
 Sleepless (Italian: Non ho sonno) is a 2001 Italian giallo film directed by Dario Argento. The film stars Max von Sydow and Stefano Dionisi and marks Argento's return to the giallo subgenre. The film was another box office success when it opened in Italy taking in over $5019733505 lira ($3280080 US) by the end of its theatrical run.
 Spye Park is a historic home located at White Plains Charles County Maryland United States. It is a modestly scaled 1 1⁄2-story three-bay frame Colonial dwelling built about 1767. The house's present plan and appearance is the result of a series of 19th- and early-20th-century alterations to the original structure which was a rectangular one-room-deep building with end chimneys.
 Thomas Sanders (July 4 1836 – March 21 1874) was a merchant and political figure in Quebec. He represented Huntingdon in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1871 to 1874 as a Conservative.He was born in Covey Hill Lower Canada and was educated there. Sanders was a captain in the local militia. In 1868 he married Andrian McNaughton. He served as mayor of Havelock. Sanders died in office at Havelock at the age of 37.
 Achroia innotata is a species of snout moth known from Sarawak Malaysia Ceylon Sri Lanka and South Africa. It was described by Walker in 1864 and contains the subspecies Achroia innotata innotata Achroia innotata lankella and Achroia innotata sakaiella.The larvae infest beehives including those of Apis cerana.
 Gunparade March (ガンパレード・マーチ Ganparēdo Māchi) is a Japanese video game that was later turned into a 3 volume manga and a 12 episode anime.The video game Kōkidō Gensō Gunparade March (高機動幻想ガンパレード・マーチ) was released on 28 September 2000 for the PlayStation. It was developed by Alfa System and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.
 Huckleberry Hall is a historic farm complex located at Leitersburg Washington County Maryland United States. The complex includes a 2 1⁄2-story Germanic stone house built about 1784 an 18th-century stone blacksmith shop a frame bank barn a mid-19th-century brick secondary dwelling and other agricultural outbuildings.Huckleberry Hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Ectopsocus axillaris is a species of Psocoptera from Ectopsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland. The species are brownish-black coloured and is similar to Bertkauia lucifuga.
 The Stanly News and Press is a newspaper published on Tuesday Thursday and Sunday located in Stanly County North Carolina.
 Eve of the War is an EP from the Australian progressive metal band Alchemist. The EP was released by Shock Records through its subsidiary label Thrust in November 1998. The title track Eve of the War is a cover of the opening piece from the 1978 production Jeff Wayne's Musical Version of The War of the Worlds.
 Released in 2002 Green Blade Rising is the seventh studio album by The Levellers.
 Psittacodrillia diversa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.
 Franklin Glacier Volcano is a deeply eroded and huge 20 km (12 mi) long and 6 km (4 mi) wide caldera complex in southwestern British Columbia Canada located east-southeast of the Silverthrone Caldera in the Hoodoo Creek and Franklin Glacier area on the northwest flank of the Waddington Massif of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains. Franklin Glacier Volcano consists of a series of dikes and high-level magma intrusions.
 St Pancras Hospital is a public hospital in the St Pancras/Somers Town area of London near Camden Town. The hospital specialises in geriatric and psychiatric medicine.The hospital was formerly the St Pancras Workhouse. The Workhouse dates back to before 1777 and the hospital is partly housed in the original buildings. From 1951 to 1998 some of its buildings (the former maternity wards) were occupied by the London Hospital for Tropical Diseases.
 The Mojave River is an intermittent river in the eastern San Bernardino Mountains and Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County California. Most of its flow is underground while its surface channels remain dry most of the time with the exception of the headwaters and several bedrock gorges in the lower reaches.
 Crystal Visions – The Very Best of Stevie Nicks is a compilation album (ninth album overall) released by American singer-songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist Stevie Nicks. It features songs from her solo career as well as her career with Fleetwood Mac. It includes her hit singles a dance remix and one new track a live version of Led Zeppelin's Rock and Roll. Three singles were culled from the album: Rock and Roll Landslide and a remixed version of Stand Back.
 The Zirkelstein is the smallest table mountain of Saxon Switzerland. It is a wooded cone-shaped hill with a striking 40 metre high summit block of sandstone rock.
 Kissing A Fool is a 1998 American romantic comedy film directed by Doug Ellin. It primarily stars David Schwimmer Jason Lee Mili Avital Kari Wührer and Vanessa Angel. Its plot is inspired by the short story El curioso impertinente that appears in Don Quixote.[citation needed]
 Mesoleuca is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.Species include: Mesoleuca albicillata – Beautiful Carpet
 Deh-e Hajji (Persian: ده حاجي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩājjī) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Patrick Kerwin PC (October 25 1889 – February 2 1963) was the tenth Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.Kerwin was born in Sarnia Ontario to Patrick Kerwin and Ellen Gavin. After graduating from the Sarnia Collegiate Institute at the age of 16 he enrolled at Osgoode Hall Law School in 1906. He articled in Sarnia with R. V. Le Sueur but after being called to the bar in 1911 decided to move to Guelph where he practised law for over 21 years with Guthrie & Guthrie.
 Don Q Son of Zorro is the 1925 sequel to the 1920 silent film The Mark of Zorro. It was loosely based upon the 1909 novel Don Q.'s Love Story written by the mother-and-son duo Kate and Hesketh Hesketh-Prichard. The story was reworked in 1925 (after Hesketh Hesketh-Prichard's death) into a vehicle for the Johnston McCulley character Zorro. The film adaptation was made by screenwriters Jack Cunningham and Lotta Woods for United Artists studios.
 Technophoby is the fourth album by the electro-industrial duo Decoded Feedback. It is their second widely known release and their first a on Germany's Zoth Ommog record label. Technophoby was distributed in North America by Metropolis Records.
 Kocbekov dom na Korošici (1803 m) is a mountain hut which lies on plateau Korošica under southern slope of Ojstrica. It is named after Fran Kocbek the early organizator of mountain hiking in Kamnik-Savinja Alps. The first hut whick was built in 1876 was burnt down in 1881. A year later they built a new one. During World War II is was captured by Germans. In the years 1969-1973 it was enlarged and modified.
 Medina General Hospital - is a private hospital located in New Carmen Annex Ozamiz City. It is the base Hospital of Medina College. The Hospital was renovated with 4 story building in 2006 .
 Live is a live album from hardcore punk & reggae pioneers Bad Brains. It was recorded in early 1988 and features a complete set of blistering punk rock as well as a few funk selections from their most recent album at the time the influential I Against I. One reggae track is featured – an extended version of I & I Survive.Day Tripper a Beatles cover appears on some editions.
 Statistical Applications in Genetics and Molecular Biology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the application of statistics to problems in computational biology. It was established in 2002 and is published by de Gruyter. The editor-in-chief is Michael P.H. Stumpf (Imperial College London). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.717.
 The Sweetest Fig is a children's fantasy novel written in 1993 by the American author Chris Van Allsburg. It tells a story of an affluent cold-hearted French dentist who eats a fig which makes his wildest dreams come true.
 Kunjaliyan (Malayalam: കുഞ്ഞളിയന്‍  English: Young Brother-in-law) is a 2011 Malayalam satirical film directed by Saji Surendran and written by Krishna Poojapura. The film features Jayasurya in the title role along with Ananya in lead roles and Manikuttan Suraj Venjaramoodu Ashokan Jagadish Maniyan Pilla Raju in its supporting cast. The music is composed by M.G. Sreekumar and background music by Bijibal.
 Greyfriars Gloucester England was a medieval monastic house founded about 1231.In about 1518 a prominent local family the Berkeleys of Berkeley Castle paid for the church to be rebuilt in Perpendicular Gothic style. The rest of the friary complex was later demolished.
 The First Religious Society Church and Parish Hall is a historic church building at 26 Pleasant Street in Newburyport Massachusetts. Originally a Reformed congregation the congregation is currently affiliated with the Unitarian Universalist denomination. The current Minister is Reverend Harold Babcock.
 Lake Canyon is shaped somewhat like a lower-case n. This lake is a manmade freshwater lake in south Lakeland Florida. It appears to have been a mine excavation that was landscaped to become a lake. This lake has a 10.51-acre (42500 m2) surface area.
 Stewart Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Mendon in Monroe County New York. It is a vernacular Greek Revival style cobblestone farmhouse built about 1835. It is constructed of medium sized field cobbles and is one of only 10 surviving cobblestone buildings in Mendon. The house features a Colonial Revival style portico added in the 20th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Steven R. Steve Stemler is a Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives representing the 71st District since 2006.
 Koziołek [kɔˈʑɔwɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Grabów nad Pilicą 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 61 km (38 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 The Frasassi Caves (Italian: Grotte di Frasassi) are a remarkable karst cave system in the municipality of Genga Italy in the province of Ancona Marche. They are among the most famous show caves in Italy.
 Heron Quays West is a skyscraper development approved for construction in Canary Wharf London. The current design is for two large skyscrapers connected by a large atrium at the base not unlike the Riverside South development. The site is at the south west of the Canary Wharf site off Bank Street. It is one of the final pieces of the current Canary Wharf design masterplan. The buildings will be developed by the Canary Wharf Group.
 Orzowei is a 1955 novel by Italian writer Alberto Manzi. It is an anti-racist educational story set in Southern Africa. Adaptations of the novel include a movie (Orzowei il figlio della savana 1976) and a popular TV series (1977).
 McBee Baptist Church is located on North Fifth Street near Hwy 151 in McBee South Carolina. It was founded in 1911.
 Hank Williams Jr.'s Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American country music artist Hank Williams Jr.. The album features ten tracks nine of which are singles originally released from the studio albums Family Tradition Whiskey Bent and Hell Bound Habits Old and New Rowdy and The Pressure Is On. The only original single from the album was The American Dream which peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
 The Alexandria City Hall also known as the Alexandria Market House & City Hall in Alexandria Virginia is a building built in 1871 and designed by Adolph Cluss. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The site was originally a market from 1749 and courthouse from 1752. A new building was constructed in 1817 but after an extensive fire in 1871 it was rebuilt as a replica of the former building.
 Kampinos A is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 HMP Bedford is a Category B men's prison located in the Harpur area of Bedford Bedfordshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Orzelec Mały [ɔˈʐɛlɛt͡s ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubnice within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Łubnice 17 km (11 mi) south of Staszów and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 97.
 Gopal Rai is a social activist[citation needed] and a member of the Political Affairs Committee of the Aam Aadmi Party.
 The Last Witchfinder is a 2006 historical fiction novel by James Morrow. The book was first published in hardback on March 14 2006 through William Morrow and has subsequently been re-published in paperback format. The Last Witchfinder follows a young girl whose father works as a witch-finder.
 Avalon is a historic home located near New Windsor Carroll County Maryland. It is a 1 1⁄2-story early-19th-century brick house constructed c. 1814 and reflecting Neoclassical architecture influence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Cosmetodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Rio Negro (Portuguese for black river) is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Zaborowo [zabɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszwica within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Kruszwica 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Inowrocław and 44 km (27 mi) south of Toruń.
 High Society is the second album from the Welsh drum and bass producer High Contrast released in 2004 on the Hospital Records label.
 Douglas Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Kicking the Germ Out of Germany is a 1918 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. It is presumed to be lost.
 Nymphomation is a novel by British author Jeff Noon first published in 1997.In terms of publishing history Nymphomation is the 4th novel in Noon's 'Vurt' series following publication of Vurt (1993) Pollen (1995) and Automated Alice (1996) (itself simultaneously a 'trequel'[sic] to Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass) though being set predominantly in 1999 it can be considered properly as a prequel to Vurt: in terms of fictional chronology of characters and settings the Vurt sequence runs Automated Alice Nymphomation Vurt then finally Pollen.
 St Madrona's Church is in Madron Cornwall near Penzance. The church was in early times the mother church of Morval and Penzance.The consecration of Madron Church was performed by the Bishop of Exeter who travelled from Exeter with two archdeacons the chancellor of the cathedral and the Lord Prior of the Knights of St. John in London; with them also travelled an entourage of clergymen knights grooms and servants.
 Hypothesis is a 1978 album by the Greek artist Vangelis. In May 1971 Vangelis had played several sessions in London's Marquee Studios joined for some of them by violinist Michel Ripoche bass guitarist Brian Odgers (called Odger on the sleeve) and drummer Tony Oxley the rhythm section of the famous Extrapolation recording released by John McLaughlin. Two albums' worth of material had resulted from these sessions but were unfinished and never intended for release.
 Ayumi Hamasaki A 50 Singles: Live Selection is 27th live DVD by Ayumi Hamasaki released on April 20 2011. It is the compilation of her 50 best live performances selected from each of her singles from her 1st single Poker Face to her 50th single L. It was released on the same day with Ayumi Hamasaki Rock 'n' Roll Circus Tour Final: 7 Days Special. It was originally scheduled to be released at March 30 but was pushed back till April 20 due to the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami.
 Typhina latipennis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The British Museum Reading Room situated in the centre of the Great Court of the British Museum used to be the main reading room of the British Library. In 1997 this function moved to the new British Library building at St Pancras London but the Reading Room remains in its original form inside the new British Museum.
 Oxford Mountain is a mountain in Warren County New Jersey. The main peak rises to 955 feet (291 m) and is located in Oxford Washington and Mansfield Townships. Oxford Mountain is separated from County House Mountain to the northeast at Sykes Gap and forms a part of the divide between Pohatcong Creek and the Pequest River. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Appalachian Mountains.
 Monactis is a genus of sea anemones in the family Hormathiidae. There is so far only one species known in this genus Monactis vestita (Gravier 1918)
 Niechmirów [ɲexˈmiruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Burzenin 24 km (15 mi) south of Sieradz and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 361.
 Mahmoud Vaezi (Persian: محمود واعظی born 13 September 1952) is an Iranian engineer politician former diplomat and Minister of Communication. He is Center for Strategic Research Deputy of Foreign Policy and International Relations. He is former deputy foreign minister of Iran in Europe and American Countries Affairs.
 James A. Jim Ferrell (born September 15 1966) is an American politician and the current mayor of Federal Way Washington. After being a member of the Republican Party for twenty years in 2012 he switched to the Democratic Party. Ferrell previously served ten years on the Federal Way City Council and was the prime mover behind the city's transition from a Council–Manager form of city government to a Mayor-Council or Strong Mayor government.
 According to My Heart is an album by Jim Reeves released in 1960. It was the first of two number-one albums in the UK for American singer Jim Reeves. It spent four weeks at the top of the chart in 1969 five years after Reeves had died.
 Sir Codrington Edmund Carrington (22 October 1769 – 28 November 1849) was an English barrister Chief justice of Ceylon and a member of the UK Parliament.
 Charles Thomas Gulick (1841–1897) was a politician in the Kingdom of Hawaii. He was one of the few members of missionary families to side with the monarchy in the 1893 overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
 Crossroads Tavern also known as Crossroads Inn is a historic inn and tavern located at North Garden Albemarle County Virginia. It was built about 1820. In the mid nineteenth century Clifton G. Sutherland son of Joseph Sutherland owned and ran the tavern which was located on the Staunton and James River Turnpike. It served as a tavern and overnight lodging for farmers and travelers using the turnpike. In 1889 Daniel B.
 Milne Bay is a large bay in Milne Bay Province southeastern Papua New Guinea. More than 35 kilometers long and over 15 kilometers wide Milne Bay is a sheltered deep-water harbour surrounded by the heavily wooded Stirling Range to the north and south and on the northern shore a narrow coastal strip soggy with sago and mangrove swamps.The bay is named after Sir Alexander Milne.
 Galadi is an extinct genus of predatory bandicoot from Oligo-Miocene deposits of Riversleigh northwestern Queensland Australia. It was first named by K.J. Travouillon Y. Gurovich R.M.D. Beck and J. Muirhead in 2010 and the type species is Galadi speciosus; additional three species G. adversus G. amplus and G. grandis were described in 2013. The genus is represented by three well-preserved skulls and several isolated maxillae and dentaries.
 Idhaya Malar is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist.
 Euchromius gratiosella is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Spain Italy Russia Algeria Turkey Iran Turkmenistan Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Tadzhikistan and Mongolia.The wingspan is 15–23 mm.
 Gabbiella is a genus of small freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Bithyniidae.
 Kelly Bryant (August 28 1908 - October 1975) served as the Democratic secretary of state of the U.S. state of Arkansas from 1963 until his death nearly thirteen years later. He was one of three statewide politicians born in Hope the seat of Hempstead County in southern Arkansas. The others are former Governor and U.S. President Bill Clinton and former Governor and unsuccessful 2008 presidential candidate Mike Huckabee.
 Max Brand: The Man and His Work is a bibliography of works by American author Frederick Faust who wrote under the pen name Max Brand. The bibliography was compiled by Darrell C. Richardson. It was published by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in 1952 in an edition of 900 copies. The book is enlarged form Richardson's previous The Fabulous Faust Fanzine.
 Niagara Falls is a three-CD live album by the rock band Phish. It contains the complete concert recorded on December 7 1995 at the Niagara Falls Convention Center in Niagara Falls New York. It was released by JEMP Records on November 12 2013.
 Mariano Trías y Closas (October 12 1868 – February 22 1914) is considered to be the first de facto Philippine Vice President of that revolutionary government established at the Tejeros Convention - an assembly of Philippine revolutionary leaders that elected officials of the revolutionary movement against the colonial government of Spain.
 Stewart Home School is a residential school in Franklin County Kentucky for intellectually disabled individuals. The school was established by Dr. John Q. A. Stewart in 1893 on the former site of Kentucky Military Institute on Lawrenceburg Road five miles southeast of Frankfort. The school has been in continuous operation by five generations of the Stewart family and was placed on the United States National Register of Historic Places June 3 1976.
 Waterdog Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 683.Waterdog Lake is northeast of Merriam Peak and located in the lower section of the Boulder Chain Lakes Basin.
 Prudence Crandall House also known as Elisha Payne House and as the Prudence Crandall School for Negro Girls is a historic house in Canterbury Connecticut. It is notable for having been the home of Prudence Crandall the abolitionist and educator and the school which she ran from 1832 until 1834 when it was closed by mob violence. The building is now home to the Prudence Crandall Museum.
 Khataiyeh (Persian: خطائيه‎ also Romanized as Khaţā‘īyeh) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 6 families.
 The Indianapolis Museum of Art (known colloquially as the IMA) is an encyclopedic art museum located in Indianapolis Indiana United States. The museum which underwent a $74 million expansion in 2005 is located on a 152-acre (0.62 km2) campus on the near northwest area outside downtown Indianapolis northwest of Crown Hill Cemetery.The Indianapolis Museum of Art is the ninth oldest and eighth largest encyclopedic art museum in the United States.
 Samarkand (French: Samarcande) is a 1988 historical fiction novel by the French-Lebanese writer Amin Maalouf. The novel received the Prix Maison de la Presse.The first half of the story is set in Persia (present day Iran) and Central Asia in the 11th century and revolves around the scientist philosopher and poet Omar Khayyám.
 John D McGinnis is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He has represented the 79th District based in Altoona since 2013.McGinnis was born in Latrobe Pennsylvania but moved to Montgomery County in suburban Philadelphia in his youth. He earned a B.A. from the University of Notre Dame and began his professional career as a Catholic school teacher. He later earned an M.S. in business administration at Indiana University South Bend. McGinnis received a Ph.D.
 Tharp's Log is a hollowed giant sequoia (Sequoiadendron giganteum) log at Log Meadow in the Giant Forest grove of Sequoia National Park that was used as a shelter by early pioneers. The log is named after Hale Tharp who was described as the first Non-Native American to enter the Giant Forest.
 El Potrero River (Rio El Potrero) is a medium streams in El Salvador. It is located at 13°20′N 88°41′W and has at least large to moderate quantities of fresh water year round especially from early May through October.
 M. Roy Wilson (born November 28 1953 in Yokohama Japan) is the President of the Wayne State University.
 William Joseph Baxley II (born June 27 1941) is an American Democratic politician and attorney originally from Dothan Alabama.In 1964 Baxley graduated from the University of Alabama School of Law in Tuscaloosa. He served two terms from 1971 to 1979 as Attorney General of Alabama. At the age of twenty-seven he was the youngest person in U.S. history to hold a state attorney generalship. From 1983 to 1987 he served a single term as the 24th Lieutenant Governor of Alabama.
 Campanus is a lunar impact crater that is located on the southwestern edge of Mare Nubium. It forms a crater pair with Mercator just to the southeast. Along the southern rampart of Campanus is the small lunar mare named Palus Epidemiarum. To the southwest is the small crater Dunthorne.The rim of Campanus is roughly circular with an outward bulge along the western rim and an inward bulge to the north-northwest.
 Taşburun is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 44 people.
 The Wig (Korean: 가발; Gabal) is 2005 South Korean horror film directed by Won Shin-yeon and starring Chae Min-seo and Yoo Sun. It was first released on August 12 2005 in South Korea and was released onto DVD in the United States in 2008.
 Ornativalva is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Tomopleura is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae.
 H-8 is a 1958 Yugoslavian film by Croatian director Nikola Tanhofer (SR Croatia was part of Yugoslavia).
 Dimitrios Valvis (1808 or 1814–30 November 1892) was a Greek politician and Prime Minister. Born in Messolonghi he was the brother of another Prime Minister Zinovios Valvis. He served as President of the Supreme Court (Άρειος Παγος) from 1872 to 1885. He was appointed care-taker Prime Minister for a brief period in May 1886 between the ministries of Theodoros Deligiannis and Charilaos Trikoupis.
 Hestlægerhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Myrophis is a genus of eels in the snake eel family Ophichthidae.
 Alejo del Carmen Guzmán (1815 in Córdoba – 1884 in Córdoba) was a lawyer and politician from Argentina and governor of Córdoba Province.He was a member of the Federal Party in his province during the administration of Manuel López. When news of the Battle of Caseros arrived the governor named him General Minister.When the revolution of April 1852 started he was named governor by the leaders of the rebellion but he did not rely on them as much as he relied on the more numerous Federals.
 The Control Revolution is a book by James Beniger that explains the origins of the information society in part from the need to manage and control the production of an industrial society. The late Dr. Beniger was a professor at the University of Southern California.
 Love Poke Here is the second album of the Texas noise rock band Ed Hall released in 1990 through Boner Records.
 Toffe Jongens onder de Mobilisatie is a 1914 Dutch silent comedy film directed by Jan van Dommelen.
 Thomas Johnson McInnis (born April 9 1945) is a Canadian senator.McInnis earned his law degree from Dalhousie University and practices specializes in property and commercial law and public-private partnerships. He lives in Sheet Harbour Nova Scotia.He is President of the Sheet Harbour and Area Chamber of Commerce and was appointed to the Halifax Port Authority in 2008.McInnis was the federal Progressive Conservative candidate in Dartmouth in the 2000 federal election.
 Do Rio a São Paulo Para Casar is a 1922 Brazilian silent romance film directed by José Medina.The film premiered on April 30 1922 in Rio de Janeiro.
 Scrobipalpa traganella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Chretien in 1915. It is found in France Spain and Portugal as well as on the Canary Islands and Malta. It was originally described from northern Africa.
 Platystomatidae (Signal flies) is a distinctive family of flies (Diptera). Signal flies are worldwide in distribution found in all the ecozones but predominating in the tropics. It is one of the larger families of acalyptrate Diptera with around 1200 species in 119 genera.
 Condon is a lunar crater that lies on the eastern shore of the Sinus Successus a bay along the northeast edge of Mare Fecunditatis. It lies midway between the larger crater Apollonius to the north and the smaller Webb to the south on the Mare Fecunditatis. Condon was previously designated Webb R before being given a name by the IAU.This is a lava-flooded crater remnant with only low rim segments surviving to the east and west.
 Crisis in the Built Environment: The Case of the Muslim City a book by King Faisal University professor Jamel Akbar describes the urban environment in the Traditional Muslim city according to form of control and submission rather than by visual elements.
 Kurów-Parcel [ˈkuruf ˈpart͡sɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oporów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Oporów 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Kutno and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Aldea San Juan is a village rural center and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina. It is located 42 km north of Gualeguaychú city and has a population of 466 inhabitants (INDEC 2001).The main local activity is agriculture and its the economy's driving force. It was founded by a group of Volgan immigrants. It has an Evangelical Temple a Lutheran Temple and Volgan descendants' associations.
 Yeşilyayla is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 Naseh Talkhah-e Zarguruk-e Sofla (Persian: نسه تلخه زارگوروك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Naseh Talkhah-e Zārgūrūk-e Soflá) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 11 families.
 Survival of the Fittest Live is the fifth album by The Amboy Dukes featuring Ted Nugent and was released in 1971. This was the band's second album on Polydor Records. It was the second Polydor album to chart. It peaked at #129. There were no accompanying singles released by the record company. The performance was recorded live at The Eastown Theater in Detroit Michigan on July 31 and August 1 1970. Keyboardist Solomon again contributed most of the vocals.
 Martha Stewart Weddings is a weddings magazine published by Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia. Martha Stewart Weddings was launched as an annual publication in 1994 and was expanded to quarterly in 1999. It is the second magazine title published by Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia and is primarily distributed through newsstands.
 Darling is a 2012 Bengali romance film directed by Raaj Mukherjee starring Mayukh Pamela and Riya. The film which is produced by Nalin Singh and Co-produced by Ajesh Gugnani features music scored by Subhayu Bedajna while the cinematography is handled by Sandip Sen. This film is the Bengali Remake of Telugu film 'Darling' starring Parabas Kajal Agarwal.
 Race You to the Bottom is the debut studio album by American hard rock band New Medicine released through Photo Finish Records and Atlantic on September 27 2010.
 Tahrir 2011: The Good the Bad and the Politician (Arabic: تحرير 2011: الطيب والشرس والسياسي‎) is an Egyptian documentary directed by Tamer Ezzat Ahmad Abdalla Ayten Amin and Amr Salama. The film is divided in three parts covering respectively the protesters the police forces and a profile of Hosni Mubarak by several political figures. The film mixes interviews and real footage from the demonstrations.
 Başköy is a village in the District of Arhavi Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 91 people.
 Harvest Bible Chapel is a non-denominational Evangelical Christian megachurch with seven campuses in the greater Chicago area. It was founded on September 18 1988. James MacDonald was the founding and remains the current the senior pastor. The church has over 13000 attendees at weekend services across all campuses.
 Mosalikanti Thirumala Rao (Telugu: మొసలికంటి తిరుమలరావు) (b: 29 January 1901 - d: 1970) was Indian Freedom activist and Parliament member.
 Get Ready is the fourth album by American New York City based Kleeer.
 Dig That Crazy Christmas is an album by The Brian Setzer Orchestra. Released in 2005 on Surfdog Records it's a collection of holiday songs performed in big band swing style. Although most of the songs have been previously recorded by other artists it includes two originals written by Setzer. This album follows up his 2002 Christmas release Boogie Woogie Christmas.
 Chinese Cemetery also known as Chinese Cemetery Warren Mining District is a cemetery located near Warren Idaho. It is the only ethnic Chinese cemetery in Idaho that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was listed on March 29 1994. The cemetery was created to hold the remains of Chinese migrant laborers who came to Idaho to work as miners though many of the bodies have since been exhumed and returned to China.
 Killer Klowns From Outer Space is an EP released by The Dickies in 1988.
 Marsh Creek is a 13.0-mile-long (20.9 km) tributary of Pine Creek in Pennsylvania in the United States.Marsh Creek begins in the borough of Wellsboro at the confluence of Kelsey Creek Morris Branch and Charleston Creek. Marsh Creek flows north then west and joins Pine Creek just downstream of Ansonia in Tioga County. A small flood in 1993 ruined a marginal amount of farmland.
 Maineville is a village in Warren County Ohio United States. The population was 975 at the 2010 census. It is called Maineville as the original settlers were from the state of Maine.
 Fortress released in 2000 is Sister Hazel's third studio album.
 Chillicothe Correction Institution or CCI is a state run medium security prison on the west bank of the Scioto River just outside Chillicothe Ohio. It is located adjacent to Ross Correctional Institution and Hopewell Culture National Historical Park. The prison is a former military camp named for Civil War general William Tecumseh Sherman.
 The Big Pets is a children's picture book by Lane Smith. It was originally published in 1991 by Viking Books.
 The Church of St Mary Lowe House is a Roman Catholic Parish church situated on the North Road in St Helens Merseyside. It was founded in 1924 and staffed by the Society of Jesus until 1981. It is a Grade II listed building with Romanesque and Gothic features.
 Gramë Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Gramës) is the largest lake on Mount Korab and is located in Albania. Gramë Lake is found in the east part of Mount Korab near Mali i Gramës which stands at 2345 m high. The elevation of the lake is about 1750 m.The glacial Gramë Lake has an area of 5 hectares.
 The Basilica of Sant'Andrea is a Roman Catholic co-cathedral and minor basilica in Mantua Lombardy (Italy). It is one of the major works of 15th century Renaissance architecture in Northern Italy. Commissioned by Ludovico III Gonzaga the church was begun in 1462 according to designs by Leon Battista Alberti on a site occupied by a Benedictine monastery of which the bell tower (1414) remains. The building however was finished only 328 years later.
 Ab Barg (Persian: اب برگ‎ also Romanized as Āb Barg) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 7 families.
 Leucosyrinx archibenthalis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Belém Tower (Portuguese: Torre de Belém pronounced: [ˈtoʁ(ɨ) dɨ bɨˈlɐ̃ȷ̃]) or the Tower of St Vincent is a fortified tower located in the civil parish of Santa Maria de Belém in the municipality of Lisbon Portugal. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site (along with the nearby Jerónimos Monastery) because of the significant role it played in the Portuguese maritime discoveries of the era of the Age of Discoveries.
 The Powder Magazine is a gunpowder magazine and museum in Charleston South Carolina USA and the oldest surviving public building in the former Province of Carolina. It was erected in 1713 by colonial settlers as a place to safely store and centralize their gunpowder supplies. It was also involved in the 1780 siege of Charleston. The Powder Magazine was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1989.
 Paul Vallone (born June 2 1967) is an American attorney and Democratic Party politician who was elected to New York City Council in the 19th district in the 2013 city council elections.In the 2013 Democratic primary election Vallone defeated Austin Shafran. He defeated Republican Party nominee Dennis Saffran in the general election.Vallone's father is Peter Vallone Sr. and his brother is Peter Vallone Jr.. His grandfather was Charles J. Vallone.
 San Martino is a church in Pisa Italy facing piazza San Martino on the left bank of the Arno river. Documents from 1067 cite a church of San Martino in Guazzolongo (name of the quartiere) belonging to the Augustinian order. It was rebuilt in 1331 under the commission of Bonifacio Novello della Gherardesca who wished to endow a convent a nuns of an Order of Saint Clare. From 1395 it was considered cappella del Santissimo Sacramento.
 Xanthodisca vibius the Vibius Orange and Vibius Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Kenya eastern Tanzania Malawi north-western and north-eastern Zambia and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of forests and moist dense woodland especially Brachystegia woodland.Adults are known to mud-puddle. They are on wing from January to May.The larvae feed on Afromomum species.
 Vuelvo A Ti is a worship/gospel album released in 2006 by Christian recording artist Ericson Alexander Molano.
 The Dash-dot Barb (Barbus atkinsoni) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Malawi and Tanzania.Its natural habitat is rivers. It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
 Phylloxiphia karschi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Cameroon Gabon Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda.
 Parachaea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Jean-Damien Rolland (23 February 1841 – 16 November 1912) was a Canadian manufacturer municipal politician and legislative councillor of Quebec.Born in Montreal Lower Canada the eldest son of Jean-Baptiste Rolland and Esther Boin Rolland started working as a clerk in 1857 in his father's book and paper business. In 1859 he formed a partnership with his father called J.-B. Rolland & Fils.
 The Clinch County Courthouse is the county courthouse of Clinch County Georgia in the United States. Located in the county seat of Homerville the building was built in 1896 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Delaware Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It encompasses 180 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure developed in the late-19th and early-20th centuries.
 Haunted Heart is an album by the American jazz bassist Charlie Haden's Quartet West recorded in 1991 and released on the Verve label.
 Tolombeh-ye Siah Chehareh va Shorka (Persian: تلمبه سياه چهره وشركا‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Sīāh Chehareh va Shorkā) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 16 families.
 Antirrhopa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Boxoffice is a film industry magazine dedicated to the movie theatre business published by Boxoffice Media LP. It started in 1920 as The Reel Journal taking its current name in 1931 and still publishes today with an intended audience of theatre owners and film professionals.Boxoffice is the official publication of the National Association of Theatre Owners a role it took on in 2006.
 Love Sick is a novel written by Jake Coburn. It was first published on September 22 2005 by Dutton Juvenile.
 Gerard Luz James II (born March 18 1953) is a United States Virgin Islander politician funeral director and businessman. James served as the Lieutenant Governor of the United States Virgin Islands from 1999 until 2003 and was the president of Fifth Constitutional Convention of the U.S. Virgin Islands.
 Phu Khe (French: Phou Khe Thai: ภูเข้) is a mountain in Southeast Asia part of the Luang Prabang Range (ทิวเขาหลวงพระบาง).It is located at the eastern end of the Thai highlands on the international border between Laos and Thailand. With a height of 2079 metres and a prominence of 1646 metres Phu Khe is one of the ultra prominent peaks of Southeast Asia.
 Ted Nugent the first solo effort of the so-called 'Motor City Madman' is a rock album released in 1975 after Ted Nugent disbanded his former group The Amboy Dukes.
 Winning the Oil Endgame: Innovation for Profits Jobs and Security is a 2005 book by Amory B. Lovins E. Kyle Datta Odd-Even Bustnes Jonathan G. Koomey and Nathan J. Glasgow published by the Rocky Mountain Institute. It presents an independent transdisciplinary analysis of four ways to reduce petroleum dependence in the United States:Using oil more efficiently through smarter technologies that wring more (and often better) services from less oil (pp.
 Laskowo [lasˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przelewice within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Interlaken is a village in Seneca County New York United States. The population was 674 at the 2000 census. The name is related to the village's position between two lakes. The Village of Interlaken is in the northern part of the Town of Covert and is northwest of Ithaca New York.
 Parkview Square is an office building located in the Downtown Core Planning Area Central Region Singapore. It is situated along North Bridge Road and is near the major commercial hub at Marina Centre.
 A Classy Pair is a 1979 studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by the Count Basie Orchestra with arrangements by Benny Carter.This was Fitzgerald and Basie's second studio recording after Ella and Basie! (1963) and features re-recordings of two songs from that album Honeysuckle Rose and Ain't Misbehavin'.
 Deh-e Rayi (Persian: ده رئي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Rayī) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Alive is an album by Chick Corea released in 1991 through the record label GRP. The album peaked at number three on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart.
 Weird Science was a science fiction anthology comic book that was part of the EC Comics line in the early 1950s. Over a four-year span the comic ran for 22 issues ending with the November–December 1953 issue. Weird Fantasy was a sister title published during the same time frame.Published by Bill Gaines and edited by Al Feldstein the bi-monthly Weird Science replaced Saddle Romances with the May/June 1950 issue.
 Mermaid Avenue: The Complete Sessions is a 2012 box set album featuring the lyrics of American folk musician Woody Guthrie set to music by English folk rock guitarist Billy Bragg and American alternative rock band Wilco. The set contains all the tracks from the previously released Mermaid Avenue (1998) and Mermaid Avenue Vol.
 Varaqa (Persian: ورقا‎ also Romanized as Varaqā and Varqā) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District Qarah Kahriz District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 61 families.
 Harry Stewart New (December 31 1858 – May 9 1937) was a U.S. politician journalist and Spanish-American War veteran.
 Kidnapping! Paga o uccidiamo tuo figlio (also known as 20.000 dollari sporchi di sangue) is an Italian Spaghetti Western film starring Brett Halsey. It was released in 1969.
 James E. Jim Marshall (born April 2 1960) is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 14th District since 2007 and is a member of the Republican Party.Marshall attended Beaver Falls High School and was employed by Ag Hog Pittsburgh prior to his election. His only prior elected office had been serving two terms as Vice President of Big Beaver Borough Council in Beaver County.In 2006 Marshall ran for the House of Representatives against House Minority Whip Rep.
 Strange Toys is a fantasy novel written by Patricia Geary and published in 1987. It won the Philip K. Dick Award that year.
 Veprčani is a village in Municipality of Prilep.
 James Jay Carney (born May 22 1965) is the 29th White House Press Secretary. He is the second person to serve in the position during the presidency of Barack Obama having replaced Robert Gibbs. Prior to his appointment as Press Secretary he was director of communications for Vice President Joe Biden.
 Kevin J. Murphy is the city manager of Lowell Massachusetts. From 1997 to 2014 he served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives. Murphy is also an attorney and a member of the American Bar Association Greater Lowell Bar Association and the Massachusetts Bar Association.
 Aur pappu pass ho gaya is a 2007 Bollywood Drama film directed by Shantilal Soni and produced by Amit Srivastava.The film features Krishna Abhishek and Kashmira Shah in title roles with ensemble cast of supporting actors.
 Murchi (Persian: مورچي‎ also Romanized as Mūrchī) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 A Foundling also known as The Mojave Experiment is an American feature film which premiered at the 13th Annual Dances With Films film festival in 2010. Directed by Carly Lyn the film stars Cindy Chiu as a Chinese-American woman in the Old West who finds the wreckage of a mysterious aircraft in the California desert.
 Shalaqeh (Persian: شلاقه‎ also Romanized as Shalāqeh) is a village in Doruneh Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 9 families.
 Monte Zebio is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 1819 metres.
 Luhara is a village of Chaprauli Vidhan Sabha ( Hindi: विधान सभा) or the ' Legislative Assembly' .It is famous for Banasura temple in the heart of village.It's name combinely called Sherpur Luhara. Sherpur is nearby village of Luhara. All religion people lived here . In recent its majority in jat people. It is come under the tehsil of Baraut.
 Dry Ridge Mountain (10321 feet (3146 m) is located in the Teton Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is on the border of Grand Teton National Park and the Jedediah Smith Wilderness of Caribou-Targhee National Forest. Dry Ridge Mountain is at the head of Moran Canyon and 1 mile (1.6 km) NNE of Green Lakes Mountain.
 Łokacz Mały [ˈwɔkat͡ʂ ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Krzyż Wielkopolski 35 km (22 mi) west of Czarnków and 82 km (51 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Fra' Claude de la Sengle (1494 – 18 August 1557) was the 48th Grand Master of the Order of Malta from 1553 his death.
 Duane Ankney is a Republican member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to House District 43 which represents a portion of the Yellowstone County area.
 Syrnola simplex common name the simple pyramid shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The David Garland Rose House was built circa 1860 in Valparaiso Indiana United States. David Rose was a local businessman. This Gothic Revival house is unusual in that it is eight-sided an octagon. Each of the eight gables include decorated wood panels. Covered porches have been added to three sides. The octagon house rose in popularity in 1849 with the publication of Orson Squire Fowler's book A Home For All.
 Kurzemes Reklāma is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 Meghan L. O'Sullivan (born September 13 1969) is a former deputy national security adviser on Iraq and Afghanistan. She is Jeane Kirkpatrick Professor of the Practice of International Affairs and senior fellow at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs.She is an adjunct senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations.
 Skintight is the third album by Leaves' Eyes female vocalist and lyricist Liv Kristine. It was released in August 2010 on Napalm Records.
 The Sharing Knife: Legacy is a fantasy novel by Lois McMaster Bujold published in 2007. It is the second book in the The Sharing Knife series.
 Glipostena pelecotomoidea is a species of beetle in the Glipostena genus. It was discovered in 1911.
 Willie: An Autobiography is an autobiographic book written by American Country music singer-songwriter Willie Nelson with the assistance of writer Bud Shrake. Published by Simon & Schuster in 1988 the book received favorable reviews.
 Hyposmocoma chilonella is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Maui Molokai and Hawaii.The larvae of the nominate subspecies are whitish and feed on Acacia koa Aleurites moluccana Cheirodendron gaudichaudii Coprosma foliosa and other Coprosma species Metrosideros Pipturus Rubus hawaiiensis and Smilax sandwicensis. They bore in dead wood or pith. The larvae of subspecies percondita probably feed on dead wood. Larvae ssp.
 Tebulosmta (Chechen: Тулой-лам Tuloy-Lam or Tiebuolt-Lam Georgian: ტებულოს მთა Tebulos mta Russian: Тебулосмта) is the highest mountain of the Eastern Caucasus and the highest mountain of the Chechen Republic at an elevation of 4493 meters (14737 feet) above sea level. The mountain is located on the border of Georgia and Chechnya to the east of Mount Kazbek. The glaciers of the mountain are not large (the total combined area of all of the mountain's glaciers is 3 square kilometers).
 Bhugaon is a village in Pune India that is located in the outskirts of the city. This rural area is now growing rapidly because of the development of the city.
 Aiki (styled as AIKI) is a film about a martial artist in a wheelchair. The film is from Japan and was released in 2002. It is loosely based on the life of a Danish practitioner of the Roppokai branch of Daitō-ryū Aiki-jūjutsu Ole Kingston Jensen who started training in Daitō-ryū after he was handicapped in an accident and now is the highest ranking non-Japanese member of the Roppokai.
 James Ross (October 1 1817 – July 16 1895) was an Ontario farmer and political figure. He represented Wellington Centre in the Canadian House of Commons as a Liberal member from 1869 to 1874.He was born in Arnage Aberdeenshire Scotland in 1817 the son of John Leith Ross was educated at Marischal College there and came to Upper Canada in 1836. He was reeve for Nichol township from 1854 to 1859 and warden for Wellington County from 1858 to 1859.
 Fahim bin Sultan Al Qasimi (born 1948) is an Emirati lawyer diplomat politician and businessman. He served as the second secretary general of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) from 1993 to 1996.
 Hot Stuff is a 1979 comedy film that starred Dom DeLuise Suzanne Pleshette Jerry Reed and Ossie Davis. Along with acting in the title Dom DeLuise also directed the movie.
 Ishq Per Zor Nahin is a 1970 Hindi movie produced by Suresh Saigal and directed by Ramesh Saigal. The film stars Dharmendra Sadhana Biswajeet Kamini Kaushal Jagdeep Nadira and Helen. The films music is by S. D. Burman. This is the only film in which Biswajit and Sadhna worked together. Incidentally this the only film Dharmendra and Sadhana worked for the first and last time.
 http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Szkud%C5%82aSzkudła [ˈʂkudwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
 Rakhmanov is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Ernest Scott Garrett (born July 9 1959) is the U.S. Representative for New Jersey's 5th congressional district serving since 2003. He is a member of the Republican Party. The district includes much of the northwestern portion of the state. He previously served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1990 to 2002.
 John Hnatyshyn (Ukrainian: Іва́н Миха́йлович Гнати́шин Ivan Mikhailovich Hnatyshyn; January 20 1907 – May 2 1967) was a Canadian lawyer Senator and father of Ray Hnatyshyn the twenty-fourth Governor General of Canada.Born in a Ukrainian part of Austro-Hungary the son of Michael and Anna Hnatyshyn he came to Canada when he was two months old.
 Edson Baldwin Olds (June 3 1802 – January 24 1869) was a three-term U.S. Representative from Ohio. During the American Civil War he was a leading member of the Peace Democrats. He was the great-grandfather of United States Army Air Forces Maj. Gen. Robert Olds and the great-great grandfather of United States Air Force Brig. Gen. Robin Olds.Born in Marlboro Vermont Olds completed preparatory studies. He moved to Ohio about 1820 and taught school.
 Veronica Carstens (née Prior) (18 June 1923 – 25 January 2012) was the wife of the German President Karl Carstens.She began medical studies in 1941 which she interrupted during the war to work as a nurse. In 1944 she married at Berlin-Tegel Karl Carstens whom she had met the year before. Temporarily she was a housewife. In 1956 she continued her medical studies graduating in 1960.
 Agno River is a river in the Philippine island of Luzon in the province of Pangasinan. It is the fifth largest river system in the country with drainage area of 5952 km². It originates in the Cordillera Mountains and empties into the South China Sea via the Lingayen Gulf. The river is 206 km long. Roughly 2 million people live in the Agno River Valley and it comprises one of Philippines' larger population clusters.
 Over and Over released in 2005 is the second album from Los Angeles California pop / rock band The 88. The album includes the song Hide Another Mistake which has been featured on The O.C. Kyle XY and How I Met Your Mother.
 Cymoblemma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Glensheen Historic Estate is a historic mansion on Lake Superior owned by the University of Minnesota Duluth. Glensheen sits on 7.6 acres (3.1 ha) of lake front property has 38 rooms and is built in the Jacobean architectural tradition inspired by the Beaux-Arts styles of the era. The mansion was constructed as the family home of Chester Adgate Congdon. The building was designed by Minnesota architect Clarence H.
 Ross Diercks is a Democratic member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing the 2nd district since 1992.
 Çarıklı is a village in the District of Batman Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 756 people.
 Seh Bardan (Persian: سه بردان‎ also Romanized as Seh Bardān; also known as Seh Bardūn) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 37 families.
 Popovets is a village in Stambolovo Municipality in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Craugastor epochthidius is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Honduras.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 St. Stephen's Episcopal Church (also known as Chandler Seventh-Day Adventist Church) is a historic church building at 812 Blaine Avenue in Chandler Oklahoma.It was built in 1899 and added to the National Register in 2000.
 Col du Grand Colombier (el. 1501 metres or 4925 feet) is a mountain pass in the Jura mountains in France.This pass lies at the southern extremity of the Jura in the massif of the Grand Colombier. With the Col du Chasseral it is the highest road pass in the Jura. It passes between the Grand Colombier (el.
 Lake Wilkie is a small scenic lake near Tautuku Bay in the Catlins south of Dunedin New Zealand. It formed after the last ice age and has gradually shrunk to its current size of 1.7 hectares (4.2 acres). Bog lakes like Lake Wilkie are a rare ecosystem in this part of the country.
 Ethir Kaatru is a 1990 Tamil thriller film directed by Mukta S. Sundar. The film features Karthik and Kanaka in lead roles. The film produced by Muktha Srinivasan had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 7 December 1990.
 The Last Witness (Hangul: 최후의 증인; RR: Choehuui jeungin) is a 1980 South Korean mystery film directed by Lee Doo-yong based on the 1974 novel of the same title by Kim Seong-jong. When the film was originally released a 40-minute portion was cut due to censorship laws of that time. A remake with the same title was released in 2001.
 Orło [ˈɔrwɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Kyo Kara Maoh! (今日から㋮王! Kyō Kara Maō! lit. Demon King from Today [onward]!) is a series of Japanese light novels written by Tomo Takabayashi and illustrated by Temari Matsumoto.
 The Bolovăniș River is a tributary of the Neagra Broșteni River in Romania.
 The White-shouldered Tanager (Tachyphonus luctuosus) is a medium-sized passerine bird. This tanager is a resident breeder from Honduras to Panama South America south to Ecuador and southern Brazil and on Trinidad.It occurs in forests and cocoa plantations. The bulky cup nest is built in low vegetation and the female lays three brown-blotched cream eggs.White-shouldered Tanagers are 14 cm long and weigh 14 g. They are long-tailed and with a mostly black stout pointed bill.
 Mordellistena altifrons is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae which is in the Mordellistena genus. It was discovered in 1928.
 The Oates House (also known as the Shoemaker House) is a historic home in Abbeville Alabama. The house was originally built in 1900 by local farmer Ephraim Oates cousin of Alabama Governor William C. Oates. In 1910 he greatly expanded the house adding a second story and remodeling it in a Neoclassical style.
 Andreas Kopasis was the Ottoman-appointed Prince of Samos from 1908 to 1912. His tenure was widely regarded as pro-Turkish and tyrannical. His bringing in of additional Ottoman troops in 1908 caused a revolt to break out among the Samians which was quelled brutally by further Ottoman reinforcements. The leaders of the pro-Greek opposition including Themistoklis Sophoulis fled the island for Greece. Kopasis was assassinated by a pro-Sophoulis agent on 9/22 March 1912.
 Wood Work is the first album by Da BackWudz. Two singles were released from the album I Don't Like The Look of It (Oompa) and You Gonna Luv Me.
 Hsu Shui-teh (Chinese: 許水德; pinyin: Xú Shuǐdé) is a politician in the Republic of China. He was the President of the Examination Yuan in 1996–2002.
 Turbonilla vesperis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Antispila mesogramma is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921. It is found in Peru.
 Rudka [ˈrutka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kunów 7 km (4 mi) west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 416.
 The Manasquan Reservoir is a source of water for municipalities and utilities as well as a 1204-acre (4.87 km²) park located in Howell Township in Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The park is part of the Monmouth County Park System.
 Semana Jr. is a Colombian-based monthly magazine. The magazine is a version of Semana geared towards children's 6 through 12 years of age. The content of the magazine covers varied interests like popular children's film and games reviews and providing emphasis on history and science articles and activities; to some degree varying between the issues it also contains some national and international affairs news coverage redacted for a younger audience.
 Body Melt (1993) is a satirical Australian horror film directed by Philip Brophy and written by Brophy and Rod Bishop (both ex-→ ↑ →) influenced by splatstick Peter Jackson films like Bad Taste and Braindead.
 The Kvichak River is a stream about 50 miles (80 km) long in southwestern Alaska in the United States. It flows southwest from Lake Iliamna to Kvichak Bay an arm of Bristol Bay on the Alaska Peninsula. The communities of Igiugig and Levelock lie along the Kvichak River.
 Skarstind (official form on maps: Skardstinden) is a prominent part of the Galdhøpiggen mountain range in northwestern Jotunheimen Norway and is the sixth highest summit in the country. The mountain has three summits the main summit at 2373 meters above sea level Nåle the Needle at 2310 m and the small western summit at 2215 m.
 Halfway House also known as the Tyree Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located at Ansted Fayette County West Virginia. It is a two story log and frame building with a gable roof measuring 50 feet long and 20 feet deep. The original log section was built prior to 1810. It was expanded to its present configuration about 1827. It served as a stage coach stop on the James River and Kanawha Turnpike. Notable guests included Daniel Webster Henry Clay and John Breckenridge.
 Frank A. Serafini (born February 15 1945) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He was sworn in to represent the 114th legislative district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1979. In 1999 he was convicted of federal perjury charges for lying in his federal grand jury testimony regarding a scheme involving his nephew to funnel $129000 in illegal campaign contributions to 10 political candidates.
 Jeong Seung-hoa (정승화 鄭昇和 1926 ~ 2002) was a South Korean soldier and the 22nd Republic of Korea Army Chief of Staff. He was in Gungjeong-dong during the assassination of President Park Chung-hee.After President Park's death Jeong ruled South Korea as the chief martial law administrator. He plotted to exclude political soldiers such as Hanahoe. In result Hanahoe's members such as Chun Doo-hwan and Roh Tae-woo committed Coup d'état of December Twelfth and arrested Jeong.
 Viana is a low volcano in the eastern part of the island of São Vicente Cape Verde. Its elevation is 163 m. It is situated 3 km south of Calhau and 14 km southeast of the island capital Mindelo.
 Coleonyx is a genus of terrestrial geckos commonly referred to as banded geckos. They are found throughout the southwestern United States Mexico and south into Central America. They are relatively small lizards measuring about 5–6 in (13–15 cm) inches in length. They are nocturnal and are found primarily in dry rocky habitats.
 The Starmen is a science fiction novel by author Leigh Brackett. It was published in 1952 by Gnome Press in an edition of 5000 copies. It was also published by Ballantine Books in 1976 under the original magazine title of The Starmen of Llyrdis. Ace Books published an abridged edition under the title The Galactic Breed. The Ace edition was published as an Ace Double with Conquest of the Space Sea by Robert Moore Williams.
 Gil's All Fright Diner is an urban fantasy novel by A. Lee Martinez first published in 2005.
 The Wavy Range is a small mountain range east of Murtle Lake in east-central British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 102 km2 and is a subrange of the Cariboo Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.
 The Jamaica Pegasus Hotel is a hotel in Kingston Jamaica located at 81 Knutsford Boulevard in the financial and business district of the city. A noted landmark the hotel is 17 stories high.The hotel which was built in 1973 is also a notable location for conferences and meetings exhibitions and weddings and anniversaries. The hotel has 9 conference rooms for these events. The hotel is also affiliated with American Airlines.The hotel has a number of special deluxe suites.
 The Writing of the God (original Spanish title: La escritura del dios) is a short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges. It was published in Sur in February 1949 and later reprinted in the collection The Aleph.
 William James Bill Healy (March 4 1939–October 21 2001) was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1975–2000. His district consisted of a portion of Canton Ohio. He was succeeded by Mary Cirelli.
 The Denver Museum of Nature & Science is a municipal natural history and science museum in Denver Colorado. It is a resource for informal science education in the Rocky Mountain region. A variety of exhibitions programs and activities help museum visitors learn about the natural history of Colorado Earth and the universe.
 Gazzetta di Mantova is a local daily newspaper published in Mantova Italy. It was established in 1664 making it one of World's oldest newspapers still existing.
 Alain Roland Le Roy (born 6 February 1953) is a French diplomat and until 2011 served as Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations at the United Nations. He was appointed to the position in June 2008 by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. Before joining the United Nations Le Roy was the Conseiller Maître à la Cour des comptes and served as Ambassador in charge of the Union for the Mediterranean Initiative since September 2007.
 Excerpts... is a studio album by Fragile Vastness. It was released in 2002 by Sleaszy Rider Records.
 The Virginia Environmental Law Journal (Bluebook abbreviation: Va. Envtl. L.J.) is a law review edited by students at the University of Virginia School of Law. The journal covers research and discussion in the areas of environmental and natural resource law on a broad array of topics from environmental justice to corporate liability. The Journal is perennially ranked among the top five environmental law journals in the country.
 George E. Taylor (March 21 1838 – March 8 1903) was a Michigan politician and judge.
 Kokna is a river of Poland a tributary of the Drawa.
 David Campos Guaderrama (born 1954) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas.
 Aydınlık is a village in the District of Sason Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 583 people.
 The Rialto Theater in Deer Lodge Montana was built in 1921 with 720 seats. The Beaux Arts style theater featured extensive painted murals artistic plaster designs and a painted stage backgrounds.
 Classic Disney: 60 Years of Musical Magic is a 5-volume compilation series each containing 25 songs compiled from Disneyland and Walt Disney World various Disney films in animation and live-action and the Walt Disney anthology television series. Each volume was released individually on CD and cassette between 1995 and 1998.
 Lovecraft & Witch Hearts is a compilation album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth and their first release following 2001's Bitter Suites to Succubi.
 Gayby is a 2012 American romantic comedy-drama film. It debuted on March 12 2012 at the South by Southwest film festival.
 The Venerable Frederick George Ackerley (1871–1954) was an eminent Anglican priest in the Church of England at different times the Archdeacon of Bradford then Craven. He was also an acknowledged scholar of Romany language and culture.Ackerley was educated at Rossall School and Jesus College Oxford and ordained in 1898. He served curacies in KeighleyEccles and Washington and incumbencies at Grindleton Great Mitton and Carleton-in-Craven.
 Guariquito River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Curtis G. Curt Sonney is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 4th District made up of parts of Erie County. He is a member of the Republican Party.
 Leppneeme is a village in Viimsi Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located about 14 km (9 mi) northeast of the centre of Tallinn on the northeastern coast of Viimsi peninsula by the Muuga Bay. As of 2011 Census the settlement's population was 464.Leppneeme harbour is the main point for traffic to and from the island of Prangli. The corresponding harbour on Prangli's side is in Kelnase.Leppneeme was first mentioned in 1376 as Thusnes.
 Unnai Kodu Ennai Tharuven (Tamil: உன்னை கொடு என்னை தருவேன்) (English: Give Me Yourself And I'll Give You Me) is a Tamil film produced by R. B. Choudary and directed by Kavee Kalidas. It features Ajith Kumar and Simran in the lead roles with Parthiban in a guest appearance. It was released on 25 May 2000 to mixed reviews.
 Chitchor (also transliterated as Chit Chor) is a 1976 Hindi romantic musical film. The film's title means Heart Stealer in Hindi. The film is a Rajshri Productions film produced by Tarachand Barjatya. It is based on a Bengali story Chittachakor by Subodh Ghosh.
 Only Remaining Covered Bridge in Northampton County Pa.Kreidersville Covered BridgeHistoric Kreidersville Covered Bridge was built in 1839In 1959 inspired citizens of Northampton County rallied for its preservation after it became known that the State Highway Department had plans to build a new concrete bridge in its place.Kreidersville Covered Bridge became one of the first covered bridges to be recognized for preservation by a committee of enthusiasts.
 Sanctuary (サンクチュアリ Sankuchuari) is manga written by Sho Fumimura and illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami. It was serialized in Big Comic Superior from 1990 to 1995 then released into 12 volumes by Shogakukan. It was published as 46 comic books and collected as nine volumes in America by Viz Graphics from 1995 to 1997. Sanctuary was a bestseller in Japan and inspired a live action film.
 The Keriya River is a river in the province of Xinjiang in China. It flows for 519 km (322 mi) from the Kunlun Shan mountain range north into the endorheic Tarim Basin but is lost in the desert several hundred kilometers south of the Tarim River. The only major settlement along the river is Keriya Town east of Hotan. The river is an important source of irrigation water and also supplies historically important oases along its course.
 Jay Narayan Vyas (born 14 April 1947) is a politician scholar analyst academician administrator manager & a public life functionary from Gujarat India. He is a former Cabinet Minister of Government of Gujarat in charge of Health & Family Welfare department from 2007 to 2012 during Bharatiya Janata Party rule.
 No Country for Old Men (2005) is a novel by U.S. author Cormac McCarthy. The story occurs in the vicinity of the United States–Mexico border in 1980 and concerns an illegal drug deal gone awry in the Texas desert backcountry.The title of the novel derives from the first line of the first stanza of the poem Sailing to Byzantium (1926) by W. B. Yeats. The book was adapted into the 2007 film of the same name which won four Academy Awards including Best Picture.
 Hoop-La is a 1933 American pre-code drama film starring Clara Bow in what was her final film role. It was directed by Frank Lloyd and released by Fox Film Corporation with Preston Foster Richard Cromwell and Minna Gombell also in the cast. The film is based on the play The Barker by Kenyon Nicholson which was also filmed in 1928 under the same title as the play. A version restored by the Museum of Modern Art was shown at the 2011 Classic Film Festival in Hollywood during the spring.
 The Río Caricaboa is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Left Hand of God: Taking Back Our Country from the Religious Right is a 2006 book by Rabbi Michael Lerner. In it Lerner argues that that in order for progressive politics to survive in America liberals must develop a respect for progressive forms of religion that can provide inspiration and a sense of meaning in people's lives.
 I magi randagi internationally released as We Free Kings is a 1996 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Citti.The film won the Silver Ribbon for Best Original Story.
 The Mooi River (Afrikaans: Mooirivier) is a river in North West Province South Africa. It is a tributary of the Vaal River and belongs to the Upper Vaal Water Management Area.
 At Lady Molly's is the fourth volume in Anthony Powell's twelve novel sequence A Dance to the Music of Time. A first person narrative it is written in precise yet conversational prose. Winner of the James Tait Black Memorial Prize 1957 At Lady Molly's is set in England of the mid-1930s and is essentially a comedy of manners but in the background the rise of Hitler and of worldwide Fascism are not ignored. The comedy is character driven and ranges from the situational to the epigrammatic.
 Manuel Luís Baltazar da Câmara (5 January 1630 - Lisbon 29 December 1673) member of the Gonçalves da Câmara was son of Rodrigo da Câmara succeeded him as the 8th Donatary Captain of the island of São Miguel 4th Count of Vila Franca and first Count of Ribeira Grande.
 Necessary Evil is the sixth studio album by Israeli death metal band Salem released on June 19 2007.The album includes the band's longest music piece Once Upon a Lifetime which lasts more than 20 minutes although it is divided into 5 parts in the album.
 The Muncelu River is a tributary of the Cârligate River in Romania
 Bohemian National Cemetery (Czech: Česko-Národní Hřbitov) also known as Oak Hill Cemetery is a cemetery located at 1300 Horners Lane Armistead Gardens in eastern Baltimore Maryland.
 Nostalgia is a novel by the Romanian writer Mircea Cărtărescu.
 St. Vincent Medical Center (SVMC) is a hospital in Los Angeles California.
 Joaveski is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia on the territory of Lahemaa National Park. It lies on the Loobu River.
 Quarters A Brooklyn Navy Yard was the residence of the commander of the Brooklyn Navy Yard. It was home to Commodore Matthew C. Perry at the time of his opening of Japan. Contrary to a popular misconception Quarters A is not located on Admiral's Row; it is actually located in Vinegar Hill.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.
 Beecroft Art Gallery is a gallery in Station Road Westcliff-on-Sea Essex England. The Edwardian building was donated to the people of Southend-on-Sea in 1952 by Walter Beecroft to house his eclectic collection of art works. Walter Beecroft was a solicitor in nearby Leigh. He had already set up an Art Gallery Sub-Committee of the Public Libraries & Museum Committee in 1928 and in 1947 he proposed to endow a building to become and Art Gallery.
 Mordellistenula perrisi is a beetle in the Mordellistenula genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1857 by Étienne Mulsant.
 The Indian Journal of Nephrology is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Society of Nephrology. The journal publishes articles on the subject of nephrology.
 Kotermań [kɔˈtɛrmaɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Opinogóra Górna 8 km (5 mi) north of Ciechanów and 83 km (52 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Pushin' Against a Stone is the fourth album by the American singer Valerie June. It was released on August 13 2013 by the Sunday Best Recordings label.
 The Church of St Job (Italian: Chiesa di San Giobbe) is a Roman Catholic church in Venice northern Italy dedicated to Saint Job. It is located in the Cannaregio overlooking the campo of the same name known as Sant'Agiopo in Venetian on the left bank of the Cannaregio canal at Ponte dei Tre Archi. It is one of the five votive churches built in Venice after an onset of plague.
 Richard III is a film directed by Scott M. Anderson a modern-day retelling of William Shakespeare's Richard III set in contemporary Hollywood.
 Michelle N. Kidani (born September 30 1948 in Honolulu Hawaii) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Hawaii Senate since January 16 2013 representing District 18. Kidani served consecutively from 2009 until 2013 in the District 17 seat.
 Balaband (Persian: بالابند‎ also Romanized as Bālāband) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 365 in 107 families.
 Far Away Lands is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on May 26 1967 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Mobley with Donald Byrd Cedar Walton Ron Carter and Billy Higgins.
 Inside Mr Enderby is the first volume of the Enderby series a quartet of comic novels by the British author Anthony Burgess.The book was first published in 1963 in London by William Heinemann under the pseudonym Joseph Kell. The series began with the publication in 1963 of Inside Mr. Enderby continued in 1968 with Enderby Outside and 1974 with The Clockwork Testament or Enderby's End and concluded after a ten year break in 1984 with Enderby's Dark Lady or No End to Enderby.
 Anomalies is Cephalic Carnage's fourth full-length album. It was released on Relapse Records. A video was released for the album's single Dying Will Be the Death of Me. The song is a parody of American metalcore.Anomalies was released on CD and 12 vinyl format. It was recorded from November to December 2004.
 Łowcza [ˈwɔft͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Sawin 21 km (13 mi) north of Chełm and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Bantu Village is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell which features arrangements by Monk Higgins recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1969.
 Oscar Eduardo Valdés Dancuart (born 3 April 1949) is a Peruvian businessman and politician who was Prime Minister of Peru from 11 December 2011 until 23 July 2012. A former military officer he was appointed as Minister of the Interior by President Ollanta Humala on 28 July 2011. Less than five months later Prime Minister Salomón Lerner Ghitis resigned and Valdés was appointed as his successor on 11 December 2011.
 The Gaspereau River is a river in Kings County Nova Scotia Canada.It has a length of approximately 24 km from its source at Gaspereau Lake on the South Mountain south of Kentville to its mouth at Hortonville on the Minas Basin. The lower portion of the river is tidal for 6.5 km until Melanson and there are extensive tidal marshes in the lower reaches. The upper 16 km runs swiftly over gravel beds boulders and bedrock except for several dammed sections which form narrow and deep channels.
 Marthinus Christoffel Johannes van Schalkwyk (born 10 November 1959) is the Minister of Tourism in the Cabinet of South Africa. Formerly both Premier of the Western Cape and Leader of the Opposition in the Parliament of South Africa he was the leader of the New National Party from its inception on 8 September 1997 until its dissolution on 9 April 2005.
 Suburban Noize Presents: Sub-Noize Rats is the third official compilation album by Suburban Noize Records released on September 2 2003.
 Time Chasers (aka Tangents) is a 1994 science fiction film directed by David Giancola and starring Matthew Bruch George Woodard and Bonnie Pritchard. The film follows the adventures of an amateur inventor who goes through time with his female accomplice to stop an evil megacorporation intent on changing history for profit. The film was lampooned on Mystery Science Theater 3000 in 1997.
 Donald Rathbun Dwight is an American newspaper executive and politician who served as the 64th Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts from 1971 to 1975.
 The American Journal of Psychoanalysis is a healthcare journal covering psychoanalysis.
 Richard Grobschmidt (born May 3 1948) is an American educator and former Democratic politician from South Milwaukee Wisconsin. He served five terms in the Wisconsin State Assembly (1985–1995) and parts of three terms in the Wisconsin State Senate (1995–2003) before resigning to take a position with the Wisconsin Department of Public Instruction.
 True As Steel is a 1924 drama film directed and written by Rupert Hughes.
 Fireflies is the sixth album by country artist Faith Hill. The album was released on August 2 2005 which would make it nearly three years after the release of her fifth album Cry. In its first week the album sold 329000 copies making it the #1 album on both the Billboard 200 and Top Country Albums chart. Fireflies is her third #1 album and it has been certified 2× Multi-Platinum by the RIAA for US shipments of two million copies.
 La Leonesa is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Izgubljen u vremenu (trans. Lost In Time) is the second studio album by Serbian heavy metal band Kraljevski Apartman. Following the release of their first album Long Live Rock 'n' Roll and good reactions of the fans and critics the band with a changed lineup entered the studio to record the second studio album. The album featured a cover of Uriah Heep's Lady in Black entitled Slike. Promotional video was recorded for the track Posle oluje (javi se...).
 The Cabbage Looper (Trichoplusia ni) is a member of the moth family Noctuidae. It is found throughout the southern Palaearctic ecozone all of North America parts of Africa and most of the Oriental parts of Europe and Indo-Australian region. In the United Kingdom where the adult is primarily a (sometimes numerous) immigrant but breeding is rare the species is also known as the Ni Moth.
 The Budd Company was a metal fabricator and major supplier of body components to the automobile industry and was formerly a manufacturer of stainless steel passenger rail cars during the 20th century.It was founded in 1912 in Philadelphia by Edward G. Budd whose fame came from his development of the first all-steel automobile bodies in 1913 and in the 1930s his company's invention of the shotweld technique for joining pieces of stainless steel without damaging its anti-corrosion properties.
 Jacob Nicholas House also known as the Little Stone House Museum is a historic home located at Easton Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1750 and is a 2 1/2 story three bay stone building. It has a rear frame clapboard addition built about 1840. It is built into an incline.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Gift of Christmas is a christmas album released by the Grammy Award-nominated group En Vogue. The album was released on October 8 2002 by Discretion Enterprises. It was produced and arranged by Timothy Eaton.
 Past Reason Hated is the fifth novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the multi award-winning Inspector Banks series of novels. The novel was first printed in 1991 but has been reprinted a number of times since. The novel won the 1991 Arthur Ellis Award for literature.
 Pragmatodes is a genus of moth in the Gelechiidae family.
 Bringing Up Father is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by Jack Conway and starring Marie Dressler Polly Moran and J. Farrell MacDonald. The film was based on the newspaper cartoons Bringing Up Father by George McManus. It was remade in 1946 as a sound film proving popular enough for a spin off of four Jiggs and Maggie films to be made.
 Hynds Lodge is a conference and accommodation lodge originally built by Cheyenne Wyoming businessman Harry P. Hynds and donated to the Boy Scouts of America (BSA) in 1922. It is open from May 1 to October 1 by reservation only. It has accommodations for 30 people (max occupancy of 90) a large kitchen dining room living room covered porch stone fireplace and chimney and 9 acres (3.6 ha) of land. The lodge was originally used by Wyoming Boy Scouts as a recreational camp.
 Capitolwire is a prominent online subscription-based news service focusing on issues relating to politics and government in Pennsylvania. The Pennsylvania House of Representatives hold a contract with GovNetPA to supply access to Capitolwire for over 40 selected staff members.Capitolwire was founded in 1999 and within it's first year it was reported to have 2000 subscribers.
 Carlos César (born 30 October 1956) is a Portuguese politician former-President of the Regional Government of the Portuguese autonomous region of the Azores (from 1996 to 2012) and (inherently) member of the Portuguese Council of State.
 Dark Country is a 2009 psychological crime thriller directed by and starring Thomas Jane in his directorial debut. It also stars Lauren German and Ron Perlman.
 Salter Adrian Hayden OC (May 31 1896 – January 5 1987) was a Canadian lawyer and senator.Born in Ottawa he received his education from the University of Ottawa and Osgoode Hall Law School. He joined the law firm of McCarthy and McCarthy (now McCarthy Tétrault) in 1923 and became a partner in 1929. He resigned from the firm in 1983. He ran unsuccessfully in the Toronto riding of St. Paul's in the 1935 federal election.
 Byszew [ˈbɨʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 240.
 The Aniene River (in Latin: Anio; formerly called the Teverone) is a 98 km river in Lazio Italy. It originates in the mountains at Trevi nel Lazio and flows westward past Subiaco Vicovaro and Tivoli into the Tiber. In antiquity most of the Roman aqueducts had their sources either at the Aniene or the streams flowing into it.Notable historic bridges across the river include the Ponte Nomentano Ponte Salario and Ponte di San Francesco all of which were originally fortified with towers.
 The Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics is a heterodox economics journal published quarterly by the Ludwig von Mises Institute. It was established in 1998 after the Murray Rothbard-created publication The Review of Austrian Economics was transferred to other editors and then to George Mason University. The journal covers economics from an Austrian School perspective.
 Likoma is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Masihat Mahd al Hayl is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 The Bald Head River is a short river in Ferryland electoral district on the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. It flows from an unnamed lake through Bald Head Pond to its mouth at the Atlantic Ocean near a headland named Bald Head and about 5.5 kilometres (3.4 mi) northeast of the community of Bay Bulls.
 William Harry Vane 1st Duke of Cleveland KG (27 July 1766 – 29 January 1842) styled Viscount Barnard until 1792 and known as The Earl of Darlington between 1792 and 1827 and as The Marquess of Cleveland between 1827 and 1833 was a British landowner and politician.
 Beacon Hill near Loughborough in Leicestershire England is a popular country park. It is one of several beacon hills in the United Kingdom.The park consists of 135 hectares (330 acres) of grassland and woodland and offers recreational walking and some short climbs.
 Navajo Lake is a small lake in northwestern Kane County in southern Utah. It is shallow reaching depths of only 25 feet. Recreation includes fishing boating swimming and lodging facilities. Species of trout in Navajo Lake are brook trout splake trout (hybrid) and rainbow trout. Trout survival for winter is very poor with only the splake and brook trout overwintering. There is also a dense population of Utah chub.The lake was formed by a lava flow across the eastern end of the valley.
 The family Sciomyzidae belongs to the typical flies (Brachycera) of the order Diptera. They are commonly called marsh flies and in some cases snail-killing flies due to the food of their larvae.Here the Huttoninidae Phaeomyiidae and Tetanoceridae are provisionally included in the Sciomyzidae.
 Wardenclyffe Tower is the seventh studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth released in 1992 through Restless Records (United States) and in 1993 through Polydor Records (Japan); a remastered edition was reissued in 2007 through Eidolon Efformation containing three bonus tracks (alternative versions of Tokyo Dream from 1983's Road Games and The-Unmerry-Go-Round from 1985's Metal Fatigue) which were previously only available on the Japanese release.
 The University of San Francisco Maritime Law Journal (Bluebook abbreviation: U.S.F. Mar. L.J.) is a biannual law review that includes an annual survey of United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit cases pertaining to admiralty and maritime law.
 Wheeleria ivae is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from former Yugoslavia Asia Minor Syria and Lebanon.The larvae feed on Stachys iva.
 Robert McKim (1828 – January 20 1900) was an Ontario Canada farmer and political figure. He represented Wellington North in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1867 to 1872 and Wellington West from 1879 to 1886.He was born and grew up in Sligo Ireland. In 1852 he married Margaret Shannon. He was a justice of the peace and also served as reeve for Peel Township.
 Saint Leibowitz and the Wild Horse Woman (1997) is a science fiction novel written by Walter M. Miller Jr. It is a follow-up to Miller's 1959 book A Canticle for Leibowitz. Miller wrote the greater part of the novel before his death in 1996 and it was completed from his outline by Terry Bisson.The novel is set chronologically some eighty years after the events of the second part of A Canticle for Leibowitz Fiat Lux (c. 3254 AD).
 Exilisia olivascens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1954. It is found on Madagascar.
 Plum Orchard is an estate located in the middle of the western shore of Cumberland Island Georgia. The estate and surrounding area are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Designed by Peabody and Stearns for George Lauder Carnegie it was formally dedicated on October 6 1898.
 Grądy [ˈɡrɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Nowogród 14 km (9 mi) west of Łomża and 87 km (54 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bachelor in Paradise is a 1961 Metrocolor romantic comedy film starring Bob Hope and Lana Turner. Directed by Jack Arnold it was written by Valentine Davies and Hal Kanter based on a story by Vera Caspary.It co-stars Paula Prentiss Jim Hutton and Janis Paige.The film won three Laurel awards for Best Comedy Best Comedy Actor (Hope) and song (Bachelor in Paradise music: Henry Mancini and lyrics: Mack David) which was also nominated for Academy Award for Best Original Song.
 Ellen Moran served as Chief of Staff at the U.S. Department of Commerce under Secretary Gary Locke from April 2009 to August 2011. She previously held the position of White House Communications Director. Her predecessor was Kevin Sullivan who held the position under the Bush administration. Prior to her post at the White House she was executive director of EMILY's List.
 Thomas Rhett Smith was the twenty-first intendant (mayor) of Charleston South Carolina serving from 1813 to March 1815.Smith was born in 1768 to Roger Smith and Mary Rutledge. He served in the South Carolina House of Representatives for St. James and Goose Creek Parish during four session 1792-1799. In September 1796 he was elected to be a warden (city council member) for Charleston and was re-elected in September 1797.
 Ultra is an eight-issue comic book limited series created by the Luna Brothers Jonathan (art and plot) and Joshua (script) and published by Image Comics in 2004 and 2005.The series' central character is Pearl Penalosa who is also a superheroine called Ultra. The story deals only peripherally with traditional superhero comics themes like fighting supervillains but concentrates mainly on how being a superhero affects Pearl's personal life.
 The Stellihorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located west of St. Niklaus in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Barrhorn on the range between the Turtmanntal and the Mattertal.The Stellihorn has two summits: the Inners Stellihorn (3410 m) and the Üssers Stellihorn (3405 m).
 Central Plaza Rama 3 is a shopping center located on Sathupradit Rd in Yannawa district Bangkok Thailand. The mall opened in 1997 and is one of Central Group's largest shopping centers.
 Frankie and Johnny Are Married is a 2003 comedy film written and directed by Michael Pressman starring Pressman as well as Lisa Chess and Alan Rosenberg. The film chronicles the troubles a producer has trying to mount a production of the Terrence McNally play Frankie and Johnny in the Clair de Lune. The production is beset by one problem after another including a hard to handle male lead (Rosenberg). This eventually leads Pressman to take on the male lead role himself.
 Super Express USA is the largest Polish-American newspaper in the United States.The newspaper has been published daily except Sundays and Holidays since April 15 1996 and is distributed in New York New JerseyConnecticut Massachusetts Pennsylvania and Chicago.The New York headquarter office is located in Manhattan on John Street near the World Trade Center. The publishers are Super Express USA and Media Express USA.
 The Draconomicon is an optional sourcebook for the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game providing supplementary game material focusing on dragons. Different versions of the Draconomicon have been printed for different editions of Dungeons & Dragons. The book's name would loosely be translated to Book of Dragon Names as a reference to the Necronomicon.[citation needed]
 The Gates of Sleep is the third novel by Mercedes Lackey in her series The Elemental Masters. It is based on the classic fairy tale Sleeping Beauty. The novel is set in Devon England in the year 1912.
 Viscount Hoshina Masaari (保科 正益) (March 22 1833 – January 23 1888) was a Japanese daimyo of the late Edo period who was the last ruler of the Iino Domain (Kazusa Province; 20000 koku). Though lord of a minor domain his family was a branch of the Matsudaira of Aizu whose founder Hoshina Masayuki was the older brother of the Iino founder Hoshina Masasada.Masaari was born in Edo to the 9th Iino lord Hoshina Masamoto. Masaari was the younger brother of Matsudaira Teru.
 Thomas Meehan School also known as Pentecostal Faith Assembly Church is a historic school building located in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1901-1902 and is a two-story five bay stone building in the Colonial Revival-style. It features a portico with Doric order columns arched openings and a modillioned cornice.
 Mokke (もっけ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by manga author Takatoshi Kumakura. The manga was first serialized in the Japanese seinen manga magazine Afternoon Season Zoukan on August 2000. The magazine was suspended after its 14th issue and the manga continued its serialization from the March 2003 issue of Afternoon magazine.
 The Usva River (Russian: Усьва) is a river in Perm Krai in Russia right tributary of the Chusovaya River (Kama's basin). The length of the river is 266 km. The area of its drainage basin is 6170 km².The Usva freezes up in November and remains icebound until late April - early May. This is lowland river in the most of its flow except upstreams with many rocks and rapids. Banks are steep and rocky covered with forests.Usva crosses Basegi range with top North Baseg (951 m).
 Antonio López (shipwreck) also known as SS ANTONIO LÓPEZ Shipwreck Site and Remains in Puerto Rico. It is one of Puerto Rico's 63 National Historic Landmarks.
 The Milton Mausoleum is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Milton Nottinghamshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church which stands on a hill and is visible from the Markham Moor junction on the A1 road has also been known as All Saints Church West Markham and been confused with the medieval parish church of All Saints' Church West Markham.
 The Purple Vigilantes is a 1938 American Western film directed by George Sherman and starring Robert Livingston Ray Corrigan and Max Terhune. Written by Betty Burbridge and Oliver Drake the film is about a rancher who organizes his fellow ranchers to form a vigilante group in order to rid their town of outlaws. After the outlaws are defeated some of the men posing as the vigilant group go on a crime spree.
 Novosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Novosia herbuloti which is found in Madagascar.
 Entdeckung der blauen Grotte auf der Insel Capri (Discovery of the Blue Grotto on the Isle of Capri) is an 1838 book by German writer and painter August Kopisch in which he describes his 1826 rediscovery of the Blue Grotto in Capri together with his friend Ernest Fries. The book famously sparked interest in the island among the Romantics particularly in Germany and introduced the world to the Blue Grotto both as a tourist sight and as an iconic symbol for the island.
 The Geehi River a perennial river of the Murray catchment of the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 Sunset in St. Tropez is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Dell Publishing on June 3 2003. The book is Steel's fifty-fifth best selling novel. The plot follows tales of friendship concerning three couples who have been friends all their lives. However when they go on holiday together to St. Tropez they discover untold secrets and revelations concerning one another.
 Wierzbno [ˈvjɛʐbnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Koniusza 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Proszowice and 25 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Kuldeep Bishnoi (born 22 September 1968) is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha representing the Hisar constituency in Haryana and is the President of Haryana Janhit Congress (BL) (HJC) party. Prior to this he was elected to the 14th Lok Sabha and had represented the constituency of Bhiwani.
 Hawk of the Wilderness (1938) is a Republic Movie serial based on the Kioga novel of the same name by pulp writer William L. Chester.Kioga is very similar to the character of Tarzan whom Herman Brix had also played on film in the 1935 Edgar Rice Burroughs produced serial The New Adventures of Tarzan.
 Char Kusaria is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Presentimiento is the third album by Mexican actress pop singer Lucía Méndez. It was released in 1977.
 How People Got Fire is a short poetic animated film from the Yukon.
 Eleutherodactylus platychilus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 William Waldorf Willy Astor (March 31 1848 – October 18 1919) was a wealthy American attorney politician businessman and newspaper publisher. He moved with his family to England in 1891 became an English subject in 1899 and was made a peer in 1916 for his contributions to war charities. He was a prominent member of the Astor family.
 Da Next Level is the second album released by rapper Mr. Serv-On. It was released on February 16 1999 through No Limit Records and was produced entirely by the label's in-house production team Beats By the Pound. The album was a huge success making it to #14 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums however despite the album's success Mr. Serv-On left No Limit soon after and has not found the same success he obtained with No Limit in the late 90s.
 La Ronde (German: Reigen) is a play written by Arthur Schnitzler in 1897 and first printed in 1900 for his friends. It scrutinizes the sexual morals and class ideology of its day through a series of encounters between pairs of characters (shown before or after a sexual encounter).
 Caginec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D43 highway.
 Byron Curtis Cook (born April 8 1954) is a politician rancher and businessman from Corsicana Texas who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 8 which encompasses Anderson Freestone Limestone and Navarro counties.
 The William Brinton 1704 House is located in Delaware County Pennsylvania just south of West Chester Pennsylvania.
 The House at 54 E. 53rd Terrace in Kansas City Missouri is a residence built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 for its architecture.It was designed by architect Mary Rockwell Hook. The work included an interior mural by her sister Bertha.
 All Saints' Church Mattersey is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Mattersey.
 30 Years Sodomized: 1982-2012 is a three-disc two-LP box set by the German thrash metal band Sodom released on June 25 2012. The set includes the albums Official Bootleg: The Witchhunter Decade a collection of live recordings and unreleased demos and 30 Years' War a retrospective selection of studio tracks personally compiled by Tom Angelripper.
 The Kate Mullany House was the home of Kate Mullany (1845–1906) an early female labor leader who started the all-women Collar Laundry Union in Troy New York in February 1864. It was one of the first women's unions that lasted longer than the resolution of a specific issue.The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1998. It is now a National Historic Site.It is located at 350 8th Street in Troy just off NY 7 one empty lot east of the Collar City Bridge.
 Worthington Hall also known as the Shawnee Playhouse was a historic theatre located in Smithfield Township Monroe County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1904.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It was delisted in 1986 after being demolished following a fire—caused by arson—on June 24 1985.
 Galesh Khaleh (Persian: گالش خاله‎ also Romanized as Gālesh Khāleh) is a village in Gel-e Sefid Rural District in the Central District of Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 29 families.
 Božinovac is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 26 people.
 Gimme the Loot is a 2012 American comedy film written and directed by Adam Leon. The film competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. It won the Grand Jury Prize at the SXSW Film Festival in 2012. It was released on March 22 2013 in the U.S.
 Sixto Serrano Brillantes Jr. (born August 14 1939) is the current chairman of the Philippine Commission on Elections (Comelec). He was appointed by Philippine president Benigno Aquino III on January 16 2011 to serve the unexpired term of Chairman Jose Melo.
 Woonsocket Rubber Company Mill is an historic mill at 60 Main Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The mill was built in 1857 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. Another Mill owned by Woonsocket Rubber Co. known as the Alice Mill named for the owner's mother was located on Fairmount Street Woonsocket It was destroyed in a 2011 fire.
 This article is about the Jerusalem orphanage that became known as Camp Schneller; for other uses see SchnellerSchneller Orphanage also called the Syrian Orphanage was a German Protestant orphanage that operated in Jerusalem from 1860 to 1940. It was one of the first structures to be built outside the Old City of Jerusalem (the others are Mishkenot Sha’ananim and the Russian Compound) and paved the way for the expansion of Jerusalem in the 19th century.
 Motels is the first studio album by the band The Motels recorded in May 1979 released in September 1979 and was produced by John Carter. The first single Closets and Bullets did not chart but the second single Total Control became a Top 10 hit in Australia and a Top 20 hit in France by early 1980. A third single Anticipation was released in Japan in early 1980. The album became ceritified gold in Australia in 1980.
 Stephen L. Nass (October 7 1952) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
 Dwellers On the Threshold is the fifth full-length release by Tarwater an electronic music group from Berlin Germany. The album debuted on September 3 2002.
 Greyspace (product code SJR6) is an accessory for the Spelljammer campaign setting for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. The book was written by Nigel Findley and was published in 1992. Cover art is by Tom Baxa with interior illustrations by David O. Miller and cartography by John Knecht.This 96-page booklet describes the area of space near the planet Oerth of the Greyhawk setting.
 Crop Circles is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Dean Brody. It was released on November 5 2013 via Open Road Recordings. The first single Bounty featuring guest vocals from Lindi Ortega was released in August 2013.Crop Circles won Country Album of the Year at the 2014 Juno Awards.
 Belt-Gaskin House is a historic home located at Auburn in Cayuga County New York. It is a two-story three-bay frame house built about 1868. The house was built by African Americans Thomas and Rachel Belt who returned to the U.S. from Canada after the conclusion of the Civil War.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Dasht Avzar (Persian: دشت اوزر‎) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 20 families.
 Ulysses' Gaze (Greek: Το βλέμμα του Οδυσσέα translit. To Vlemma tou Odyssea) is a 1995 Greek film directed by Theo Angelopoulos. The actor Gian Maria Volonté died during the filming. He was replaced by Erland Josephson.
 Dale W. Schultz is a Republican member of the Wisconsin Senate representing the 17th district since a special election in 1991. He was previously a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1982 through 1991.
 Port de Larrau (Puerto de Larrau) (el. 1573 m.) is a mountain pass on the France – Spain border in the western Pyrenees between the department of Pyrénées-Atlantiques France and Navarre Spain. The climb from the French side was used in the 2007 Tour de France.The true summit of the pass is at 1585 m. and is near the Pic d’Orhi (2018 m) the most westerly mountain over 2000m in the Pyrenees. In the Basque language the pass is known as Uthurzehetako Lepoua.
 The Barking & Dagenham Post is a weekly local newspaper in the area of the London Borough of Barking & Dagenham. It is published by Archant.The paper was originally called theDagenham Post and some older residents of its distribution area still refer to it by this name. It is published on Wednesdays and as at September 2007 the cover price for the paper edition is 50p.An online digital edition is available.
 Wielisławice [vjɛliswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Szczecinek and 151 km (94 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 70.
 Episode is an Austrian film from 1935. It belongs to the popular Austrian light romantic comedy genre known as the Wiener Film but also contains for a film of this genre unusually serious social comment. It was written and produced by Walter Reisch.
 Invisible Chains: Canada's Underground World of Human Trafficking is a 2010 book about human trafficking by Benjamin Perrin. Perrin wrote the book after researching human trafficking for ten years. In Invisibe Chains Perrin recounts a variety of stories of human trafficking in Canada including that of the prostitution of a child in Ontario whose sexual services were advertised in the adult services section of Craigslist.
 The Words of My Father (Italian: Le parole di mio padre) is a 2001 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Comencini. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Hucisko [xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowiec within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Szydłowiec and 116 km (72 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 214.
 Jeanette MacDonald: The Irving Stone Letters is a book of personal love letters written by 1930s movie star Jeanette MacDonald annotated by Sharon Rich. It was published by Bell Harbour Press in 2002.Stone's family owned Milwaukee's Boston Store. MacDonald dated Irving Stone during her Broadway years from 1927-8. Her handwritten letters telegrams and postcards were photographed and reproduced spanning the years 1927 through 1938.
 Atzenberger Höhe is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Once in a Blue Moon is the debut solo album by Frankie Miller utilising Brinsley Schwarz as his backing band showcases Miller's skills as a singer and songwriter. The song I Can’t Change It was covered by Ray Charles on his album Brother Ray Is At It Again.After All (I Live My Life) appears as the closing song in Johnny Depp's The Rum Diary movie 2011
 County Fair is a 1937 American drama film directed by Howard Bretherton and starring John Arledge Mary Lawrence and J. Farrell MacDonald. It was a remake of the 1932 film The County Fair.
 Ram Vilas Paswan (born 5 July 1946) is the president of the Lok Janshakti Party and a Rajya Sabha MP.
 Anantram Jaiswal is an Indian politician and was Member of Parliament of India. He was a member of the 6th Lok Sabha and was also a member of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly. Jaiswal represented the Faizabad constituency of Uttar Pradesh and was a member of the Janata Party political party.
 Köseler is a village in the District of Kıbrısçık Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 83 people.
 London Road Fire Station is a former fire station in Manchester England. It was opened in 1906 on a site bounded by London Road Whitworth Street Minshull Street South and Fairfield Street. Designed in the Edwardian Baroque style by Woodhouse Willoughby and Langham in red brick and terracotta it cost £142000 to build.
 Circus Island (also known as Circus Camp or Island Fever) is a 2006 family film by the Landers family.The story is about Gabrielle a teenager who runs away to find her absent father.
 The Comfort Historic District is a historic district listed in the National Register of Historic Places that encompasses almost all of the original townsite of Comfort Texas and includes over 100 buildings that represents a century of development from 1854 through 1954.
 The Conan Chronicles is a 1989 omnibus collection of three previous fantasy collections by Robert E. Howard L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian published by Sphere Books. The component collections had originally been published by Lancer Books in 1967 1968 and 1969 and later reissued by Ace Books. The omnibus collection was followed by The Conan Chronicles 2.
 Committee Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It forms the southeast end of the Gulf of Boothia and is bounded on the east by the Melville Peninsula and to the northwest by the Simpson Peninsula. Wales Island lies within the bay. It was first explored by John Rae (explorer) in 1846/47.
 The Wedding Singer is a 1998 romantic comedy film written by Tim Herlihy and directed by Frank Coraci. It stars Adam Sandler as a wedding singer in the 1980s and Drew Barrymore as a waitress with whom he falls in love.
 Love Songs is a compilation album by American jazz musician Miles Davis released on February 2 1999 by Sony Music Records. The songs it compiles were recorded between May 10 1957 and February 12 1964.
 Yksityisalue is a 1962 Finnish drama film directed by Maunu Kurkvaara. It was entered into the 13th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Esta noche mejor no is a 1965 Argentine film.
 Centrotus cornutus is a species of 'treehoppers' belonging to the family Membracidae.This species is present in most of Europe in eastern Palearctic ecozone and in the Near East. The adults reach 7–10 millimetres (0.28–0.39 in) of length while females are slightly larger. They can be encountered from early May through early August in moderately moist or in dry habitats. The basic coloration of the stocky body is dark-brown.
 Yours Faithfully is the fourth and final studio album to date by American R&B singer Rebbie Jackson.
 The Claflin School is a historic former school building at 110-112 Washington Park Newtonville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story brick building was built in 1891 and is a well-preserved example of Richardsonian Romanesque design. Its architect was Merrill J. Brown.The building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on September 16 1984 and included in the Newtonville Historic District in 1986.
 Go West Young Man is a 1950 album by Bing Crosby and the Andrews Sisters.
 Stigmatophora tridens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Wileman in 1910. It is found in Taiwan.
 The Accidental Tourist is a 1985 novel by Anne Tyler that was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize and won the National Book Critics Circle Award for Fiction. The novel was adapted into a 1988 award-winning film starring William Hurt Kathleen Turner and Geena Davis for which Davis won an Academy Award.
 The Joan Baez Lovesong Album was a 1976 compilation Vanguard put together in their series of Joan Baez reissues following Baez' 1972 departure from their label. This one focused on the various love songs Baez had recorded during her Vanguard years including traditional and contemporary work as well as an arrangement of E. E. Cummings' All in Green My Love Went Riding by Peter Schickele. The cover painting was done by painter and musician Eric Von Schmidt.
 The Mausoleum of Seyid Yahya Bakuvi was built in approximately 1457-1458 in Baku. The mausoleum is located in the centre of the middle yard of the Palace of the Shirvanshahs. Among local people it is known as the mausoleum of “dervish” and was named after the philosopher and thinker Seyid Yahya Bakuvi who is buried in it.The mausoleum is not large. It has an octagonal prismatic form and is covered with a conic stone cupola. This form is odd for monuments of Baku and Absheron.
 Devil (Spanish: Diablo) is a 2011 Argentine drama film directed by Nicanor Loretti. The film won the award for Best Film in the Argentine Competition at the 2011 Mar del Plata Film Festival.
 The Dino King is the United States title for the 3D Korean computer-generated film Speckles the Tarbosaurus (점박이: 한반도의 공룡 3D: Jumbagi: Hanbandoui gongryong 3D) first released in Korea in January 2012.
 Jeffrey C. Jeff McKay is a Democratic politician who currently serves on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors in Northern Virginia. He represents the Lee district which includes the towns of Springfield and Franconia. He first won election in November 2007.
 Johnny Tiger is a 1966 Florida Western film directed by Paul Wendkos. It stars Chad Everett Robert Taylor and Geraldine Brooks. The Universal Studios film was shot in Central Florida in 1965 with the city of Longwood Florida substituting for a fictional town in southern Florida adjacent to a Seminole Indian reservation with additional filming at nearby Sanlando Springs.
 Odetta in Japan is a live album by American folk singer Odetta released in 1966. It was her final album with RCA Victor and is no longer in print.
 Roxy & Elsewhere is a live album by Frank Zappa and The Mothers which was released in 1974. Most of the songs were recorded at The Roxy Theatre in Hollywood California on December 8 9 and 10 1973.
 The Bank of the Commonwealth also known as the Old Stone Bank is a place on the National Register of Historic Places in Shepherdsville Kentucky. It was constructed in 1809.
 Frritt-Flacc is a horror short story by Jules Verne. It was first published in December 1884 in the magazine Le Figaro illustré and then in 1886 together with the novel The Lottery Ticket as a part of the Voyages Extraordinaires series. The first English translation was published in 1892 in The Strand Magazine.
 Hayley Sings is the debut album by Rachael MacFarlane younger sister of Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane. Produced by veteran producer Allen Sviridoff the album was released on September 25 2012.The album's title is an homage to MacFarlane's best-known voice-acting role as Hayley Smith in her brother's series American Dad!.
 All Day All Night is the second album released by American R&B duo Changing Faces in 1997. The album features the singles G.H.E.T.T.O.U.T. and All of My Days. The album was certified gold in 1997 selling 500000 copies in the U.S alone.
 The Dallin House at 253 S. 300 East in Springville Utah was built in c. 1905. It is significant for its association with sculptor Cyrus Dallin Cyrus E. Dallin (1861-1944).The house has also been known as the Thomas and Jane Dallin House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 John Edgar Hoover (January 1 1895 – May 2 1972) was the first Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) of the United States. Appointed director of the Bureau of Investigation—predecessor to the FBI—in 1924 he was instrumental in founding the FBI in 1935 where he remained director until his death in 1972 at age 77.
 Thomas Zanzinger Morrow (September 3 1836 – August 25 1913) was a lawyer judge and politician from Kentucky. He was one of twenty-eight men who founded the Kentucky Republican Party. His brother-in-law William O. Bradley was elected governor of Kentucky in 1895 and his son Edwin P. Morrow was elected to that same office in 1919.Morrow actively campaigned for Abraham Lincoln for president in 1860 and served in both houses of the Kentucky General Assembly.
 Neytal (Persian: نيتل‎; also known as Naithal and Netal) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 30 families.
 William Bliss Pine (December 30 1877 – August 25 1942) was a United States Senator from Oklahoma. Born in Illinois he moved to Kansas and finally Oklahoma where he became a prominent busineman and oil producer. As a senator he was economically conservative but considered progressive in his agricultural positions. With the onset of the Great Depression he and many other Republican politicians were turned out of office.
 WorldRadio was a monthly amateur radio enthusiast magazine published in the United States from July 1971 to November 2008. The magazine was published in English and drew its subscription base primarily from the United States of America and Canada although it had subscribers around the world. The staff of the magazine had an amateur radio club that has been assigned the call sign WR6WR.
 Audition: A Memoir is a 2008 best-selling autobiography by American journalist and television personality Barbara Walters. The book was published May 6 2008 by Knopf. Audition provides a relatively full autobiography of Walters spanning from her childhood to recent interviews. Walters discusses her work and personal life confessing to an affair with Senator Edward W. Brooke and describing her relationship with Alan Greenspan.The release of Audition was covered by major media outlets.
 The Moléson (French: Le Moléson) (2002 metres) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps overlooking the region of Gruyères in the canton of Fribourg. It lies at the northern end of the chain between Lake Geneva and the valley of the Sarine.The summit of the mountain can be easily reached a cable car station being located near the summit at 1982 metres as well as a meteorological station.
 Breed to Breathe is an EP by the English band Napalm Death released on Earache Records in 1997.The CD also includes a CD-ROM track containing band biography and discography(up to 1997) and four photos and some videos particularly the Breed to Breathe video which was censored or banned everywhere due to its violent content.
 Gibberula elisae is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 18:15 ab Ostkreuz is a German film.
 The Valea Pinului River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Prince Dimitrie I. G. Ghica (1875 – 1967) was a Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Romania from April 27 1931 until June 5 1932 in the cabinet of Prime Minister Nicolae Iorga.
 New Kensington Downtown Historic District also known as the New Kensington Commercial and Residential Historic District is a national historic district located at New Kensington Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 143 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of New Kensington. They were built between about 1891 and 1947 and includes a mix of residential commercial institutional and industrial properties.
 Gregg Jeffrey Costa (born 1972) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas and is assigned to the Galveston division.
 Fahrenheit First Self-Titled Album (Chinese: 飛輪海 首張同名專輯; pinyin: Fēilúnhǎi shǒuzhāng tóngmíng zhuānjí) is Taiwanese Mandopop quartet boy band Fahrenheit's (Chinese: 飛輪海) debut Mandarin studio album.
 Amanda F. Williams (born December 12 1946) is a former Superior Court judge on the Brunswick Circuit in Georgia. Her treatment of defendants in drug court was the subject of a March 25 2011 episode of This American Life. Following an ethics probe launched in November 2011 she announced in December that she would resign her judgeship in early 2012.
 The Burgh Island Hotel is a hotel on Burgh Island Devon in England.
 The Case of the Late Pig is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published 1937 by Hodder & Stoughton. It is the ninth novel featuring the mysterious Albert Campion and his butler/valet/bodyguard Magersfontein Lugg.
 Turbonilla pumila is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Chapel No. 1 or Eisenhower Memorial Chapel is a historic chapel located at the former Lowry Air Force Base in Denver Colorado United States. Built in 1941 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Dulce Maria de Guimarães Figueiredo (May 11 1928 – June 6 2011) was the wife of former Brazilian president João Figueiredo and thus the First Lady of Brazil from 1979 to 1985. A widow since 1999 she died June 6 2011 at a clinic in Botafogo Rio de Janeiro aged 83.
 Undoing Gender is a 2004 book by Judith Butler.
 Minsa'y isang gamu-gamo Once a Moth is a 1976 Filipino film. It concerns a Filipino nurse Cora de la Cruz who dreams of moving to America. When her brother is killed her ideas change. The film criticises American military presence in the Philippines. It was entered in the 1976 Metro Manila Film Festival and won five awards at the 25th FAMAS Awards including those for best picture director and screenplay.
 Drążewo [drɔ̃ˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Sońsk 10 km (6 mi) south of Ciechanów and 68 km (42 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 137.
 The Centre on Barton is an outdoor shopping mall in the Lower City of Hamilton Ontario Canada on Barton Street East bounded by Ottawa Street North in the western-end and Kenilworth Avenue North on the eastern-end. It was formerly known as the Centre Mall. It was a plaza for many years before being closed in as a mall and access to the stores was available through a front and back door of the plaza. They closed it all in sometime in the 70's.
 Pangur Bán is an Old Irish poem written about the 9th century at or around Reichenau Abbey. It was written by an Irish monk and is about his cat. Pangur Bán white Pangur is the cat's name. Although the poem is anonymous it bears similarities to the poetry of Sedulius Scottus prompting speculation that Sedulius is the author. In 8 verses of four lines the author compares the cat's activities with his own scholarly pursuits.The poem is preserved in the Reichenau Primer (Stift St.
 Christian Order is a British-based monthly magazine for Traditionalist Catholics which was described by John Beaumont of Fidelity magazine in 1996 as most influential of the conservative Catholic journals in the United Kingdom.It was originally devoted to the Catholic response to social issues taking a distributist stance sceptical of the welfare state.
 I Have Landed (2002) is the 10th and final volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould. The essays were culled from his monthly column This View of Life in Natural History magazine to which Gould contributed for 27 years.
 Miami Beach Convention Center is an indoor arena in Miami Beach Florida and it is the largest convention center in the Miami area. It features four large rooms each holding about 12000 people.
 Ağzıbüyük is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Outer Isolation is the second full-length album recorded by the thrash metal band Vektor. It was released in 2011.
 The Claremont Riding Academy also known as Claremont Stables the last riding stable in Manhattan was located at 175 West 89th Street between Columbus and Amsterdam Avenues in New York City. It was designed by Frank A. Rooke and built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. and designated a New York City Landmark in 1990. Now closed Claremont was the oldest continuously operated equestrian stable in New York City.
 Navy Captain Omoniyi Caleb Olubolade (born 30 November 1954) is a former Military Administrator of Bayelsa State Nigeria who was appointed Minister of Special Duties on 6 April 2010 when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet.Olubolade was born on 30 November 1954 at Ipoti-Ekiti in Ijero LGA of Ekiti State.
 Injuring Yourself Whilst Making Music is the third release by Gyroscope and was released April 2001. The compilation was recorded at Perth Western Australia's Revolver Studios Couch with producers Laurie Sinagra and Gav Tempany.The cassette was essentially a compilation of both the Gyroscope EPs of the 2000/2001 era.
 Mayhem is the third studio album by Irish rockabilly musician Imelda May released on 3 September 2010 on Decca Records.
 Charles Andrew Hales (born January 1956) better known as Charlie Hales is a politician in the U.S. state of Oregon. He is the current Mayor of Portland having taken office on January 1 2013 and previously served on the Portland City Council from 1993 to 2002.
 Lips: Music for Saying It is a 1999 live album by Jane Siberry.It presents material she recorded at a 1996 concert at the famed New York City jazz club The Bottom Line. The material includes both original songs by Siberry and covers of other songwriters all organized around the theme of self-expression.The album also includes the song Mimi Speaks a sequel to her first hit Mimi on the Beach (from 1984's No Borders Here).
 King of the Travellers is an Irish revenge drama written and directed by Mark O'Connor.
 Oskar G. Stonorov House is a historic home located in Charlestown Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1938 from the stone walls of an existing stone and frame farmhouse. It is L-shaped as was the farmhouse with frame walls sheathed in cypress. It features large window openings and a flat roof with parapet or thin edge overhang. A guest house was added to the property in the early 1950s.
 Anzac Peak is a 715 m (2346 ft) high volcano on the Laurens Peninsula of Heard Island in the Southern Ocean. It lies to the northwest of Mawson Peak. Despite its low elevation of just over 700 metres high the peak and several neighbouring peaks have permanent snow and ice like the Jacka Glacier with several icefalls.
 The Crocker Art Museum formerly the E. B. Crocker Art Gallery is one of the leading arts institutions in California and the longest continuously-operating art museum in the West. Located in Sacramento California the Museum hosts one of the state’s premier collections of Californian art.
 Chah-e Gachchi (Persian: چاه گچي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Gachchī; also known as Chāh-e Gachchī-ye Bālā) is a village in Keybar Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 632 in 128 families.
 Temple Beth Israel is a historic Jewish synagogue building at 21 Charter Oak Avenue in Hartford Connecticut.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Vilayur is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India.
 Lake Winnibigoshish is a body of water in north central Minnesota in the Chippewa National Forest. Its name comes from the Ojibwe language Wiinibiigoonzhish a diminutive and pejorative form of Wiinibiig meaning filthy water (i.e. brackish water).
 Marty is a 1955 American romantic drama film directed by Delbert Mann. The screenplay was written by Paddy Chayefsky expanding upon his 1953 teleplay of the same name. The film stars Ernest Borgnine and Betsy Blair. In addition to gaining an Academy Award for Best Picture the film enjoyed international success becoming the second American film to win the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival. Marty and The Lost Weekend (1945) are the only two films to win both organizations' grand prizes.
 Eslamabad-e Kahan Changar (Persian: اسلام ابادكهن چنگر‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Kahan Changar) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 39 families.
 New Maryland is a village in central New Brunswick Canada; located south of Fredericton south of Route 2 and Route 101. As of 2006 the population was 4248.
 Lycopsis is an extinct genus of South American metatherian that lived during the Miocene.
 The Băiuțu River is a tributary of the Prislop River in Romania.
 Waskemeer (West Frisian: Waskemar) is a village of about 870 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. The village lies in the north of Ooststellingwerf. It is named after a pond 2 km to the west called Waskmar which in turn means wash-lake as it was used to wash sheep.
 Young Tarang was the third music album of the duo sensation Nazia Hassan and Zohaib Hassan released in 1984. It is one of the most famous albums of Asia. It was the first Asian album to feature music videos. Amit Khanna directed Zara Chera Tu Dekhao Sunn and Dosti. He used three cameras to shoot the videos. After this the team went to London and recorded four videos with the famous set designer and director John King who was also the set designer of Michael Jackson's Thriller.
 Metahapalodectes makhchinus is an extinct mesonychian hapalodectid. The species was named by Dashzeveg.
 As For Me and My House (1941) by Canadian author Sinclair Ross was first published by the American company Reynal and Hitchcock with little fanfare. Its 1957 Canadian re-issue by McClelland & Stewart as part of their New Canadian Library line began its canonization mostly in university classrooms.
 Bhausahab Rajaram Wakchaure is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Shirdi (Lok Sabha constituency) of Maharashtra and is a member of the Shiv Sena (SS) political party.
 Liomesaspis is an extinct genus of xiphosuran related to the modern horseshoe crab. It lived from the late Carboniferous to the Early Permian.
 Evans Blue is the third studio album from Canadian band Evans Blue. It is the first to feature new singer Dan Chandler and the last to feature drummer Howard Davis.
 Dhaka Chamber of Commerce & Industries Building ( also known as the DCCI Tower) is a 36 story 133-metre (436 ft) supertall skyscraper that began construction in the city of Dhaka Bangladesh in 2013.
 Mary Hodge (born December 17 1946) is a state senator in the U.S. state of Colorado. Elected to the Colorado State Senate as a Democrat in 2008 Hodge represents Senate District 25 which encompasses eastern Adams County Colorado. Prior to being elected to the state senate Hodge served in the Colorado House of Representatives for eight years.
 The Comfort Starr House located at 138 State St. Guilford Connecticut is a classic saltbox house with an added leanto. It is presumed that the original house was built between 1645 and 1646. The house derives its name from Comfort Starr who bought the house from the original builder a Guilford signer (settler) Henry Kingsnorth in 1694.
 Ballard Street is a comic panel created by Jerry Van Amerongen and distributed by Creators Syndicate that has run since 1991.
 Music That You Can Dance To is the fourteenth album by Sparks. It was released in 1986.
 First Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at Sandy Creek in Oswego County New York. It was built in 1917–1918 and is a 1 1⁄2-story frame church with an octagonal plan and a pyramidal roof. The front of the building features a three-stage rooftop tower. The interior layout is based on the Akron plan.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Silver King is a 1929 British silent drama film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Percy Marmont Harold Huth and Chili Bouchier. The film is an adaptation of the 1882 play The Silver King by Henry Arthur Jones. It was made at Cricklewood Studios and Lime Grove Studios.
 Taylor's Climbing Salamander (Bolitoglossa taylori) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in Panama and possibly Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Kajghuneh (Persian: كاج غونه‎ also Romanized as Kājghūneh and Kāzhghūneh) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 80 families.
 Corrigasleggaun (Irish: Carraig na Sliogán meaning Rock of the shells) is a mountain in Wicklow in the Wicklow Mountains Ireland. It is the 46th highest summit in Ireland.
 Children of the World is an album released by the Bee Gees in September 1976. The first single You Should Be Dancing went to #1 in the US and Canada and was a top ten hit in numerous other territories. The album has sold over 2.5 million copies. It was the group's fourteenth album (twelfth internationally). The album was re-issued by Reprise and Rhino Records.
 Zonosemata is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae comprising six species from North America and one from South America. The species are as follows:Zonosemata cocoyoc Bush 1965Zonosemata electa (Say 1830)Zonosemata macgregori Hernandez-Ortiz 1989Zonosemata minuta Bush 1965Zonosemata scutellata (Hendel 1936)Zonosemata vidrapennis Bush 1965Zonosemata vittigera (Coquillett 1899)↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑
 Léon-Benoît-Alfred Charlebois (February 18 1842 – June 27 1887) was a grain merchant and political figure in Quebec. He represented Laprairie in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1875 to 1887 as a Conservative.He was born in La Prairie Canada East the son of Benoît Charlebois and Madeleine David and was educated there. Charlebois was president of the Turnpike Road Trust. In 1868 he married Marie Elmire daughter of Jean-Baptiste Varin.
 Mehmet İlker Başbuğ (born 29 April 1943) was the 26th Chief of the General Staff of Turkey. He was charged with contravention of Articles 309 310 and 311 of the Turkish Penal Code. In August 2013 he was convicted on charges establishing and leading a terrorist organization and attempting to destroy the Turkish government or to attempting to partially or completely prevent its functioning and sentenced to life imprisonment as part of the Ergenekon trials.
 The Horsemen is a 1971 film starring Omar Sharif directed by John Frankenheimer; screenplay by Dalton Trumbo. Based on a novel by French writer Joseph Kessel Les Cavaliers (The Horsemen) shows Afghanistan and its people the way they were before the wars that wracked the country particularly their love for the sport of buzkashi. Jack Palance plays Tursen a renowned retired buzkashi player who is disappointed in his son Uraz (Omar Sharif). The film was filmed in Afghanistan and Spain.
 José Manuel Soria (born 1958) is a Spanish politician who has been serving as the minister of industry energy and tourism since 2011.
 Fort Armstrong Theatre is an historic building located in downtown Rock Island Illinois United States. It opened in 1920 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was commonly referred to as the Fort Theater. The theater was named for Fort Armstrong a fortification that sat in the middle of the Mississippi River near the present location of the Rock Island Arsenal. The building now houses a dinner theater called Circa’ 21.
 Weekly Eleven is a weekly newspaper published in Burma. It is one of the 5 weekly journals published by Eleven Media Group which was founded in June 2000. It is focused on general local news and some sports and international news.
 The Picts and the Martyrs is the eleventh book in Arthur Ransome's Swallows and Amazons series of children's books. It was published in 1943. This is the last completed book set in the Lake District and features the Blackett sisters the Amazons and the Callum siblings Dick and Dorothea known as the Ds. Ransome's most native character the Great Aunt also features prominently as do many aspects of Lakeland life.
 The Diabase Hills are a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada.
 Goszów [ˈɡɔʂuf] (German: Gompersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Stronie Śląskie 24 kilometres (15 mi) south-east of Kłodzko and 93 kilometres (58 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 When the Lights Go Out is an five-song EP by Australian DJ and recording artist Havana Brown. It was released for digital download on 17 July 2012 by Island Records Australia as Brown's first EP. The Australian version of the EP includes five new songs while the US version includes the international remix of We Run the Night featuring American rapper Pitbull.
 Sobhaniyeh (Persian: سبحانيه‎ also Romanized as Sobḩānīyeh; also known as Sebḩānī and Sobḩānī) is a village in Allah-o Akbar Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 929 in 127 families.
 Issig is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Haji Agus Salim ([ˈaɡʊs ˈsalɪm]; born Musyudul Haq; 8 October 1884 – 4 November 1954) was one of Indonesia's founding fathers and prominent diplomats. He played a leading role in the creation of the Indonesian constitution in 1945 and served as Indonesia's Foreign Minister between 1947 and 1949.
 Nephelobates is a genus of poison dart frogs native to South America. This genus is relatively new (1994) created from the former Colostethus alboguttatus group. A recent review proposed that Nephelobates is paraphyletic and should be invalidated meaning that the included species belong in different taxonomic groups.
 Travelogue is a 2002 double album by Joni Mitchell featuring orchestral re-recordings of songs from throughout her career. It is the follow-up to 2000's Both Sides Now which had a similar format.
 The Gramercy Residences also known as The Gramercy Residences at Century City is a residential high-rise condominium in Makati City Philippines. It is the first of several building projects to be built at the new Century City area along Kalayaan Avenue. The building takes its name from Gramercy Park a fenced-in private park in one of Manhattan New York City's prestigious neighborhoods.
 Spanglish is a 2004 American comedy-drama film written and directed by James L. Brooks and starring Adam Sandler Paz Vega and Téa Leoni. It was released in the United States on December 17 2004 by Columbia Pictures and by Gracie Films and in other countries over the first several months of 2005. This film grossed $55041367	 worldwide significantly less than the $80 million production budget.
 Pseudmelisa rubrosignata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1957. It is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
 Karamay (simplified Chinese: 克拉玛依; traditional Chinese: 克拉瑪依; pinyin: Kèlāmǎyī) is a 2010 documentary film by Chinese director Xu Xin about the 1994 Karamay fire. It is largely black-and-white.
 Sick Society is the sixth studio album of the American heavy metal band Chastain released in 1995 through Leviathan Records. It is the first album after five years released by David T. Chastain under the name Chastain and the first to feature the singer Kate French who replaced Leather Leone.
 Dilolo Lake is the largest lake in Angola. It is located in Moxico Province.
 Thoma Orollogaj (1888–1947) was an Albanian jurist politician and resistance fighter of World War II.
 The Brooklyn Trust Company was a New York City bank. The company was chartered in 1866. In 1873 it had difficulties resulting in a brief suspension of operations. Between 1913 and 1930 the company acquired five other banks through mergers. The company merged into the Manufacturers Trust Company on October 13 1950. At the time of the merger the Brooklyn Trust Company had 26 branches.George Vincent McLaughlin was president of the Brooklyn Trust Company starting in 1940.Charles J.
 Qaleh-ye Teyn (Persian: قلعه تين‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Teyn; also known as Qalateyn) is a village in Bayat Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 40 families.
 Vecauce Manor (Latvian: Vecauces muižas pils German: Schloss Alt-Autz) also called Auce Manor is a manor house near the town of Auce in the historical region of Zemgale in Latvia. Designed by Friedrich August Stüler for Count Karl von Medem the construction began in 1839 and was completed in 1843.
 A Caress of the Void is an album by the US doom metal band Evoken. It was released in 2007.
 The Harker House is a historic home located in Magrath. The house was originally built in 1907 for Bank of Montreal managers and is known as the Harker House located at 79 West Harker Avenue. The first manager to occupy the house was Mabel R.S. in December 1907.
 María del Pilar Nores Bodereau de García (born March 11 1949) is an Argentine economist. Married to the President of Peru Alan García she was that nation's First Lady on two occasions.
 Lake Bohinj (Slovene: Bohinjsko jezero German: Wocheiner See) covering 318 hectares (790 acres) is the largest permanent lake in Slovenia. It is located within the Bohinj Valley of the Julian Alps in the northwestern Upper Carniola region and part of Triglav National Park.
 Jayu Quta (Aymara jayu salt quta lake salt lake hispanicized spelling Jayu Kkota) is a lake in the Oruro Department in Bolivia. It is situated west of Poopó Lake on the border of the Carangas Province (Corque Municipality) and the Sud Carangas Province (Andamarca Municipality). Jayu Quta is about 3.4 km long and 2.5 km at its widest point.
 Comme un cheveu sur la soupe (French: Like a hair on the soup) is a French comedy film from 1956 directed by Maurice Regamey written by Yvan Audouard starring Louis de Funès. The film is known under the title: Crazy in the Noodle or Kindly Kill Me (USA).
 Be My Guest is a 1965 British black and white musical film. It was filmed at Pinewood Studios England. The film is notable for the appearance of Steve Marriott who started out as a child actor before giving up a promising acting career to help form successful rock groups Small Faces and Humble Pie; and for the appearance of Jerry Lee Lewis who was at the peak of his career at the time of filming.
 Stephen Brady CVO (born c. 1959) is a senior Australian career diplomat. In 1999 he and his partner Peter Stephens became the world's first officially acknowledged same sex ambassadorial couple when they were presented to Queen Margrethe II of Denmark at the start of Brady's posting as Australian Ambassador to Denmark. From 8 September 2008 he has been the Official Secretary to the Governor-General of Australia.
 Ochridaspongia is genus of two species of sponges:Ochridaspongia rotundaOchridaspongia interlithonisТhese species are endemic and live only in Lake Ohrid.
 Sylvie Lespérance (December 21 1954 - September 22 2006) was a politician in Quebec Canada and the Action démocratique du Québec Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Joliette from 2002 to 2003.Lespérance who was born in Jonquière had been a lifelong Liberal supporter months before she first was elected to the National Assembly.She ran unsuccessfully against Parti Québécois (PQ) cabinet member Guy Chevrette in the 1989 and 1998 elections.She was elected to the National Assembly in a by-election held on June 17 2002 with 38% of the vote. 
 Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalālābād) is a village in Ravar Rural District in the Central District of Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 543 in 148 families.
 The Connexion is a monthly newspaper for the English-speaking expatriate community in France. It is edited in Nice in Alpes-Maritimes. It was founded in September 2002 and claims 7000 subscribers and a print run of 45000 a month.The Connexion reports news stories of events in France and advice for expatriates living there. It claims a readership mostly of ABC1 homeowners living in France.
 Norah Jane Stoner (April 20 1945) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. She was a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1987 to 1990.
 The Church of St. Peter and St. Paul Hucknall is a parish church in the Church of England in Hucknall Nottinghamshire.
 Hyposmocoma ochreocervina is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Oahu. The type locality are the Waianae Mountains where it was collected on an altitude of 3000 feet.The food plant is unknown but the moths were found on Metrosideros.
 Still Serious is the second album released by rapper Big Mike which was released on April 8 1997 on Rap-a-Lot Records and featured production from Mike B. Mike Dean Loranzo Samuels and Tone Capone. It also premiered recording artist/producer Tre'mendous who was featured on four songs on the album on under the moniker III (Tre'). This album proved to be the most successful of Big Mike's solo releases peaking at #16 on the Billboard 200 and #3 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Gordon Matheson is a Scottish Labour Party politician and the leader of Glasgow City Council.
 Eydanak (Persian: ايدنك‎ also Romanized as ‘Īdanak) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 992 in 193 families.
 Habib bey Haji Yusif oglu Salimov (Azerbaijani: Həbib bəy Səlimov Hacı Yusif oğlu; February 8 1881 - December 30 1920) was the first Chief of General Staff of Azerbaijani Armed Forces of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic.
 The Santău River or Cehal River is a tributary of the Ier River in Romania.
 The Cleciova River is a tributary of the Canalul Morilor in Romania.
 Hamidabad (Persian: حميداباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩamīdābād) is a village in Sarpaniran Rural District in the Central District of Pasargad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Kiisli is a village in Saare Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia. As of 2011 the population of the village was 33.
 The Popular Magazine was an early American literary magazine that ran for 612 issues from November 1903 to October 1931. It featured short fiction novellas serialized larger works and even entire short novels. The magazine's subject matter ranged over a number of genres although it tended somewhat towards men's adventure stories particularly in the waning years of the publication when the vogue for hardboiled fiction was strong.
 The John Mock House is a house located in north Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Queen Anne-style home constructed in 1894 was commissioned by John Mock who owned much of the property in University Park Portland Oregon. The home was built as a replacement to Mocks original log cabin which burnt in 1889. Mock died in the home at the age of 78.
 Here Won No One is the first EP release by American electro-industrial band Finite Automata. It was released on November 3 2011 by Beyond Therapy Records in digital format and compact disc.The EP's title is a play on the swine flu designation H1N1 The titular track is heavily critical of the American healthcare system in particular for-profit healthcare. The EP was originally self recorded and released and then re-issued through the band's label Beyond Therapy Records.
 The Edmonton Journal is a daily newspaper in Edmonton Alberta. It is part of the Postmedia Network.
 Poljice (Foča) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Platymeris rhadamanthus the Red spot assassin bug is a species of true bugs belonging to the family Reduviidae.
 St. Joseph's Church is a historic church at 2202 Avenue K in Galveston Texas. It is the oldest German Catholic church in Texas and one of the oldest buildings in Galveston.
 Qalaj (Persian: قلج‎) is a village in Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 336 in 79 families.
 Mount Queen Elizabeth is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1918 after Queen Elizabeth.
 The Buzoel River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Mormon Reservoir is a reservoir on McKinney Creek in Camas County Idaho. The reservoir is surrounded by private state and Bureau of Land Management land which offers opportunities for boating fishing camping and hunting among other activities. The reservoir is impounded by Mormon Dam which was built in 1908.
 When Moonshine and Dynamite Collide is the 6th studio album from Jackyl and is Jackyl's first studio album in 8 years since Relentless' from 2002.When Moonshine and Dynamite Collide features a cover of Janis Joplin's Mercedes Benz and a lyrically reworked cover of Just Like A Negro originally by the all black funk rock band Mother's Finest.
 Sacundin Ben Samba is the third album from Brazilian artist Jorge Ben originally released in 1964. Its songs have been described as blueprints for much of modern Brazilian pop. The album is stylistically very similar to Ben's debut Samba Esquema Novo although the rhetoric of protest music inspired by the likes of João de Vale and Zé Keti and found in such songs as Não desanima João Jeitão de preto velho and A princesa e o plebeu sets it apart from its predecessors.
 The Puturosu River is a tributary of the Călmăţui River in Romania.
 The Descendants is a novel written by Kaui Hart Hemmings. The highly acclaimed 2011 American film The Descendants directed by Alexander Payne with the adapted screenplay by Payne Nat Faxon and Jim Rash is based on this novel.
 Olivella myrmecoon is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Analog Science Fiction and Fact is an American science fiction magazine. As of 2013 it is the longest running continuously published magazine of that genre. Initially published in 1930 in the United States as Astounding Stories as a pulp magazine it has undergone several name changes primarily to Astounding Science-Fiction in 1938 and Analog Science Fact & Fiction in 1960. In November 1992 its logo changed to use the term Fiction and Fact rather than Fact & Fiction.
 Loyalhanna Creek is a 50-mile (80 km) long tributary of the Kiskiminetas River in Westmoreland County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The stream is a popular destination for canoeing and recreational trout fishing.
 Dagon is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft written in July 1917 one of the first stories he wrote as an adult. It was first published in the November 1919 edition of The Vagrant (issue #11).
 Madhawapur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4095 people living in 762 individual households.
 Harazjan (Persian: هرازجان‎ also Romanized as Harāzjān; also known as Hezār Jān) is a village in Jasb Rural District in the Central District of Delijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 54 families.
 Cheshmeh Qot (Persian: چشمه قط‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Qoţ) is a village in Satar Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 30 families.
 The Lovell General Hospital East is a former hospital at Fort Devens. It was named after the first Surgeon General of the United States Army Joseph Lovell. After its closure it was redeveloped into the United States Army Intelligence School.
 The Fire Within (French: Le feu follet [lə fø fɔlɛ] meaning The Manic Fire or Will-o'-the-Wisp) is a 1963 French drama film directed by Louis Malle. It is based on the novel of the same name by Pierre Drieu La Rochelle. The film stars Maurice Ronet Jeanne Moreau—who had previously worked with Ronet and Malle in Elevator to the Gallows—as well as Alexandra Stewart Bernard Noel Lena Skerla Hubert Deschamps and Yvonne Clech. The score features the music of Erik Satie.
 The Diary of Anne Frank is a stage adaptation of the book The Diary of a Young Girl by Anne Frank.
 Last Words is the autobiography of American stand-up comedian George Carlin. It was published on November 10 2009. Last Words tells the story of his life from his conception literally to his final years; he died on June 22 2008 at the age of 71. He also wrote a special parting gift to the world.
 Zawadka [zaˈvatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołcza within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Gołcza 14 km (9 mi) west of Miechów and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 64.
 Sharpe's Sword is a historical novel by Bernard Cornwell and covers the summer campaign of 1812 and the Battle of Salamanca on July 22 1812. Sharpe and his friend Sergeant Harper find themselves in a secret war of spies while hunting down the sadistic and highly dangerous Colonel Philippe Leroux.
 La Pistola y El Corazón is the seventh (mini-)album by the Chicano rock group Los Lobos. The mini-album is dedicated to Tejano/Mariachi folk music.
 Andrhippuris is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Rediu River is a tributary of the Vasluieţ River in Romania. The Rediu and Tăcuta dams are located on this river.
 Almas Tower (Arabic: برج الماس‎ Diamond Tower) is a 68-storey360 m (1180 ft) supertall skyscraper in the Jumeirah Lake Towers Free Zone of Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the office building began in early 2005 and was completed in 2009 with the installation of some remaining cladding panels at the top of the tower. The building was topped out in 2008 and became the tallest building in Dubai until 2010 when it was surpassed by Burj Khalifa.
 Kretki Duże [ˈkrɛtki ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Osiek 8 km (5 mi) south of Brodnica and 58 km (36 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 158.
 Tar (Persian: تار‎ also Romanized as Tār; also known as Tārīgar) is a village in Gabrik Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Oliver Michael Robert Eden 8th Baron Henley PC (born 22 November 1953) is a British politician and Conservative member of the House of Lords and served as a Minister of State at the Home Office with responsibility for Crime Prevention and Anti-Social Behaviour Reduction a role in which he succeeded Lady Browning in September 2011 to September 2012.
 The Image Has Cracked is the debut studio album by English post-punk band Alternative TV. It was released in May 1978 through record label Deptford Fun City.
 Black Feathers (Italian: Penne nere) is a 1952 Italian war film directed by Oreste Biancoli.
 Jay B. Ramras (born July 31 1964) is an American businessman and politician. Ramras was a Republican member of the Alaska House of Representatives being elected to the 10th District in 2004 and served three terms. He served as Chair of the Education Committee Vice-Chair of the State Affairs Committee and is a member of the Health & Social Services Committee and the Resources Committee.
 Travnik Bulgaria is a village in Kavarna Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Aursmoen is a village in the municipality of Aurskog-Høland Norway. Its population (2007) is 2318.
 Social Forces (formerly Journal of Social Forces) is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of social science published by Oxford University Press for the Department of Sociology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. It concentrates on sociology but also has a multidisciplinary approach publishing works from the fields of social psychology anthropology political science history and economics. Each issue includes between 20 and 25 articles.
 Marwencol (also known as Village of the Dolls in the UK) is a 2010 American documentary film that explores the life and work of artist and photographer Mark Hogancamp. It is the debut feature of director-editor Jeff Malmberg.
 The International Journal of Biochemistry & Cell Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in all areas of biochemistry and cell biology. The journal also contains a regular series of reviews highlighting developments in modern biochemistry. Another section is entitled Molecules in Focus which each month will publish an article focusing on a topical molecule and highlighting its potential industrial and/or pharmaceutical applications. the editor-in-chiefis Geoffrey J.
 The Lake Rudolf lampeye (Aplocheilichthys rudolfianus) is a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family. It is endemic to Kenya. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Arakimentari is a 2004 USA film directed by Travis Klose. It is a documentary film about acclaimed and controversial Japanese photographer Nobuyoshi Araki. The film looks at Araki's personal life as well as his art.
 The horn-skinned bat (Eptesicus floweri) is a species of vesper bat. It can be found in Mali and Sudan. It is found in subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and hot deserts.
 Chandhodhyam (Tamil: சந்திரோதயம் English: Moonrise) is a 1964 Indian Tamil film directed by K. Shankar starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role with J. Jayalalitha M. N. Nambiar Nagesh enacting supporting roles.
 Leslie William Bill Galvin (30 April 1903 – 1 July 1966) was an Australian politician. He was an Australian Labor Party member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly for Bendigo from 1945 to 1955 when he was defeated at the state election then regained the seat in 1958 until 1964.Galvin was born in the Sydney suburb of Woollahra and was educated at Petersham Commercial School until his family moved to Melbourne where he continued his education at Scotch College.
 Earthquakes in London is a play by Mike Bartlett. It received its world premiere at the Royal National's Cottesloe Theatre on 4 August 2010 following previews from 29 July 2010. The production was directed by Rupert Goold in a co-production with Headlong.
 Just for You is a 1952 film starring Bing Crosby and Jane Wyman and the final motion picture to be directed by Elliott Nugent. It was nominated for two Academy Awards in 1953.
 Into My Heart is a 1998 motion picture featuring Rob Morrow and Claire Forlani. It premiered at the Venice Film Festival on September 9 1998 the drama documents a love triangle involving a woman and two childhood friends focusing on the themes of marriage adultery and betrayal. It was written and directed by Anthony Stark and Sean Smith.
 The Warsaw Signal was a newspaper edited and published in Warsaw Illinois during the 1840s and early 1850s. For most of its history the Signal's editorial stance was one of vigorous anti-Mormonism and the advancement of the policies of the Whig Party.
 The Chestnut-capped Laughingthrush (Garrulax mitratus) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. The Chestnut-hooded Laughingthrush was previously considered a subspecies.
 Bailey's Apollo Parnassius baileyi is a high altitude butterfly which is found in S.W. China (Sichuan northern Yunnan and eastern Tibet). It is a member of the Snow Apollo genus Parnassius of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family.The taxonomic status of this butterfly is uncertain. Parnassius baileyi was originally described as a subspecies of Parnassius acco later as a subspecies of P. rothschildianus Bryk 1931 and also P.
 Monumentberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Like Hearts Swelling is a 2003 album by Polmo Polpo. This album is the first release by Polmo Polpo after switching to Constellation Records.The third track Farewell was played by John Peel on BBC Radio 1. Tracks 1 2 and 4 were remixed mainly acoustically for the album Plays Polmo Polpo Sandro Perri's first album under his own name.
 Eupithecia obscurata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in French Guiana.
 Madness is a 2010 horror film written and directed by Sonny Laguna David Liljeblad and Tommy Wiklund.
 The Mercurea River is a tributary of the Luncavăţ River in Romania.
 El Juicio de Dios is a 1979 Argentine drama film directed by Hugo Fili.
 Parachaetolopha spinosicornuta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 La Cambrure (The Curve) is a short film shot in video directed by Edwige Shaki who also wrote the scenario. Éric Rohmer was a technical advisor and editor for the movie. Despite being directed by Shaki some of Rohmer's trademarks extensive dialog and beautiful young actors including Shaki herself are present. Edwige Shaki later was an actress in the Rohmer film The Lady and the Duke.
 Anthozela is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Arinbjarnarkviða is a skaldic poem by Egill Skalla-Grímsson in praise of his friend Arinbjörn. The poem is preserved in manuscripts of Egils saga. Some lines are lost while others may be corrupted. The metre is kviðuháttr.
 Tomboy is a 1985 comedy movie that stars Betsy Russell and directed by Herb Freed.
 John Murray 4th Duke of Atholl KT PC FRS (30 June 1755 – 29 September 1830) styled Marquess of Tullibardine from 1764 to 1774 was a Scottish peer.
 A Virgin Among the Living Dead is a 1973 European horror film made before the height of the first zombie craze. The website http://www.movie-censorship.com/report.php?ID=3066 hyperboleically claims that some scenes were reshot by J. Rollin 10 years later implying this film was shot in 1971 and sat unreleased until 1973. However there are no other sources to suggest that this was actually filmed two years prior to its release and copyright date listed is 1973 not 1971.
 The Hodod River is a tributary of the Valea Leleiului River in Romania.
 Central National Bank in a commercial bank based in Alva Oklahoma. It was built in 1901 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It had been owned and operated by the Myers family since 1919.
 Blepsias bilobus also known as the Crested sculpin is a North Pacific scorpaeniform fish from the sea raven family Hemitripteridae.
 Dôme Coffee is a franchise chain of European-style café restaurants based in Perth Australia.It was founded by Patria Jaffries and Phil May in 1990.It is a dominant chain in Western Australia with dozens of stores.Dome also has a number of locations in Tasmania as well as internationally including Dubai Indonesia Philippines Malaysia Singapore Bahrain Abu Dhabi and at the Malé International Airport in the Maldives.
 Atrocities was Christian Death's fourth album and the first with Valor Kand taking over main duties after Rozz Williams' departure. The album's subject matter deals almost exclusively with the Holocaust including songs about Auschwitz and Josef Mengele.
 Pellifronia brianhayesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Irréversible (French pronunciation: ​[iʁevɛʁˈsiblə]) is a 2002 French mystery thriller film written and directed by Gaspar Noé starring Monica Bellucci Vincent Cassel and Albert Dupontel. The film employs a non-linear narrative and follows two men as they try to avenge a brutally raped girlfriend.
 Otryby is a village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is located near Český Šternberk.
 Michelsberg (Kelheim) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Diego Aráoz Valderrama (1771-1840) was an Argentine soldier who was governor of Tucumán Province several times in the early nineteenth century during a time of political chaos and internecine struggle among the ruling elite of the province.
 The Lost Pieces (1993) is an album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach. It is a collection of pieces composed between 1988 and 1992 that have either been lost and temporally forgotten in Steve Roach’s personal archive of tapes or released on limited edition multi artist compilations.The album begins with a dark atmospheric piece reminiscent of Roach’s later album The Magnificent Void titled “Eclipse”.
 Elachista sarota is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Great Yarmouth Grey Friary was a Franciscan monastic house in Great Yarmouth Norfolk England which was under the Custody of Cambridge.The monastery was founded c.1226 by Sir William Garbridge enlarged in 1285 and 1290 and dissolved in 1538 as part of the Dissolution of the Monasteries under King Henry VIII. It was then granted to Sir Richard Williams alias Cromwell in 1541/2 leased in 1582 as a lodging for important visitors and part used by local civilian militia.
 Thoothukudi is gangster film set in the Thoothukudi district of Tamil Nadu.
 Ahir Bhairav is an Assamese language film directed by Siva Prasad Thakur and produced by Dr Ronen Sarma a UK-based Assamese NRI under the banner of Rondeep Productions (UK) Ltd. This is the first ever Assamese movie crossing the budget of Rs 1 crore and entirely shot in the UK. It has been chosen by the British Film Institute London to be preserved in its archive.
 Zosin [ˈzɔɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ułęż within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Ułęż 14 km (9 mi) east of Ryki and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Stenodontes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Stenodontes chevrolati Gahan 1890 Stenodontes damicornis (Linnaeus 1771) Stenodontes exsertus (Olivier 1795)↑
 The Dell is a house in Grays built in concrete - one of the earliest houses in Britain to be built in this material. It was built on the instructions of Alfred Russel Wallace who lived in Grays from 1872 until 1876.
 Foxes is a 1980 American drama film directed by Adrian Lyne (in his feature film directorial debut) and written by Gerald Ayres. The film stars Jodie Foster Scott Baio Sally Kellerman Randy Quaid and Cherie Currie (in her film acting debut). The original music score is composed by Giorgio Moroder and features the song On the Radio sung by Donna Summer. The film was generally ignored at the box office when it was first released in February 1980.
 The Feernic River or Râul Alb (or Pârâul Alb on the upper course) is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 Come Back Little Sheba is a 1950 play by the American dramatist William Inge. The play was Inge's first written while he was a teacher at Washington University in St. Louis Missouri.
 JoJo is the debut studio album by American recording artist JoJo released on June 22 2004 by Da Family Entertainment and Blackground Records.
 Emmuvere is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 The Royal George Hotel Monk Street Monmouth Wales is a Georgian townhouse described as one of the town's finest eighteenth century houses.
 Lynx Mountain is a mountain peak in the Canadian Rockies. It is located on the continental divide between the provinces of Alberta and British Columbia in the Cushina Ridge of the Continental Ranges.
 Now We Have Something To Celebrate is a split album by Peachcake and Less Pain Forever.
 The Moscow Canal (Russian: Кана́л и́мени Москвы́) named the Moscow-Volga Canal until the year 1947 is a canal that connects the Moskva River with the Volga River. It is located in Moscow itself and in the Moscow Oblast. The canal connects to the Moskva River 191 kilometers from its estuary in Tushino (an area in the north-west of Moscow) and to the Volga River in the town of Dubna just upstream of the dam of the Ivankovo Reservoir.
 Immingham Carmelite Friary was a friary in Lincolnshire England.
 The Story of Your Life is the fourth studio album by Christian Contemporary-Pop-Rock musician Matthew West. It was released on October 5 2010 through Sparrow Records. The album was produced by Brown Bannister and Pete Kipley.The first radio single was My Own Little World that charted at No. 6 on the Christian Songs chart. The second radio single from the album was Strong Enough which charted at No. 3 on the Christian Songs chart. The album sold over 10000 copies in its debut week.
 Kolkhoz Krasnyy Oktyabr (also Kolkhoz Krasnyy Oktyabr’) is a village in the Ujar Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Supernatural is a 1990 album by Stereo MCs. The album is their second release. The US release is subtitled American Mix and has a different track list.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1321 in 262 families.
 The Hanford Reach is a free-flowing section of the Columbia River around 51 miles (82 km) long in eastern Washington state. It is named after a large northward bend in the river's otherwise southbound course. It is the only section of the Columbia in the U.S. that is not tidal nor part of a reservoir excluding a short reach between the U.S.-Canada border and the upper end of Franklin Delano Roosevelt Lake the reservoir of Grand Coulee Dam.
 William Hillier Onslow 4th Earl of Onslow GCMG PC (7 March 1853 – 23 October 1911) was a British Conservative politician. He held several governmental positions between 1880 and 1905 and was also Governor of New Zealand between 1889 and 1892.
 The redbanded perch Hypoplectrodes huntii is a sea bass of the genus Hypoplectrodes found in south eastern Australia and the North Island and northern South Island of New Zealand at depths of between 5 and 100 metres. Its length is between 10 and 20 cm.
 A Million A Minute is a lost 1916 silent film romance/drama released by Metro Pictures and starring then off screen lovers Francis X. Bushman and Beverly Bayne. The film is based on a novel A Million a Minute: A Romance of Modern New York and Paris by Robert Aitken. John W. Noble a regular director for Metro releases did directing honors.
 Blade of the Phantom Master (新暗行御史 Shin Angyō Onshi 신암행어사 Shin amhaengosa) translated as New Royal Secret Commissioner is a serial manga-manhwa and animated film created by Youn In-wan and illustrated by Yang Kyung-il. The series takes place in a world reminiscent of ancient Korea and follows the Korean-folktale-inspired adventures of Munsu one of the few remaining guardians against corruption and tyranny as he seeks to find those responsible for the destruction of his country.
 David Assouline (born 16 June 1959 Sefrou Morocco) is a member of the Senate of France representing the city of Paris. First elected to the Senate on 26 September 2004 he is a member of the Socialist Party.
 Robert John Manson (1866 or 1867 – May 10 1932) was a politician in Alberta Canada and a municipal councillor in Edmonton.
 Kamal Ganzouri (Arabic: كمال الجنزورى‎ IPA: [kæˈmæːl elɡænˈzuːɾi]‎; born 12 January 1933) is an Egyptian economist who served as Prime Minister of Egypt from 7 December 2011 to 2 August 2012. He previously served as Prime Minister from 1996 to 1999. He came to power in 1996 succeeding Atef Sedki and was in turn succeeded by Atef Ebeid in 1999. He was branded Minister of the Poor and the Opposition Minister because of his way of dealing with limited income people and the opposition.
 Yanlızçam Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Torture Tactics is an EP recorded by the San Francisco Bay Area thrash metal band Vio-lence in 1991. It was released originally on Megaforce Records and the studio tracks are old songs from the demo times of Vio-lence.Vio-lence released the EP Torture Tactics on a different label in response to the deletion of the title track from their first two albums. Officer Nice (live) was a fake live track. The live intro is taken from Vio-lence's Hallendale FL show from August 1988.
 The Río de la Plata (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈri.o ðe la ˈplata] River of Silver) — usually rendered River Plate in British English and the Commonwealth and occasionally rendered [La] Plata River in other English-speaking countries — is the estuary formed by the confluence of the Uruguay River and the Paraná River on the border between Argentina and Uruguay.
 Live From Nowhere Volume 4 is a live album by Over the Rhine released in 2009 containing highlights from the band's 2008 shows. The CD is a limited edition and comes in a fold-out digipak.
 Abdul Nasser El Hakim (Arabic: عبد الناصر الحكيم‎; born November 1 1960) is a Lebanese-born Curaçaoan businessman and politician. He was the first Minister of Economic Development of Curaçao following the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles in 2010. He was one of the founding members of the political party MFK[citation needed].
 The Mad Game is a 1933 American crime drama film about an imprisoned bootlegger (Spencer Tracy) recruited from incarceration to help capture his own gang after they kidnap the daughter (Claire Trevor) of the judge who jailed him. The supporting cast includes Ralph Morgan J. Carrol Naish Matt McHugh and Paul Fix and the movie was directed by Irving Cummings.
 Otogimoyou Ayanishiki (お伽もよう綾にしき) is a manga series by Kyoko Hikawa which first ran in LaLa from 2005 to 2006. Later it was transferred to Melody where it continues to be published to this date (2007/09/18).
 Turn the Radio Off is the second full-length album by ska punk band Reel Big Fish. It was released in the U.S. in 1996 on Mojo Records.The single Sell Out received radio airplay and was a minor success during 1997. Sell Out also appeared on the soundtrack to the video games FIFA 2000 Aggressive Inline and Disney's Extreme Skate Adventure. KROQ air personality Jed The Fish appears on the album cover with a gun in his face held by Aaron's (then-) girlfriend.
 Gudžioniai is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 48 people.
 The Magnificent Nose and Other Marvels is a children's picture book written by Anna Fienberg and illustrated by Kim Gamble. It won the 1992 Children's Book of the Year Award for Younger Readers and the 1992 Crichton Award for Children's Book Illustration. It tells five interconnected stories about children with unusual gifts.
 Vencel Házi (3 September 1925 – 22 January 2007) was a Hungarian diplomat who served as Hungarian Ambassador to the United Kingdom from 1970 to 1976 and as Hungarian Ambassador to the United States between 1983 and 1989. He also served as Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs twice.
 Hum 583-metre (1913 ft) high and the most prominent peak of the Laško region is situated on the Savinja river's left bank. For ages its foothills have been giving a shelter to the old castle under which thermal water has been pumped from the springs. There is a wide view from Hum on to Laško and its surroundings.
 The Larco Museum (Spanish: Museo Arqueológico Rafael Larco Herrera) is a privately owned museum of pre-Columbian art located in the Pueblo Libre District of Lima Peru. The museum is housed in an 18th-century vice-royal building built over a 7th-century pre-Columbian pyramid. It showcases chronological galleries that provide a thorough overview of 4000 years of Peruvian pre-Columbian history. It is well known for its gallery of pre-Columbian erotic pottery.
 Villines Mill also known as Boxley Mill or Whiteley Mill was originally built circa 1840 by Abner Casey in the Buffalo River valley in what is now Buffalo National River. After becoming known as Whiteley Mill the mill was at the center of a Civil War skirmish known as the Battle of Whiteley's Mill. The mill was rebuilt in 1870 and replaced with a larger mill becoming known as Villines Mill after the new owner. After three generations of Villines the mill closed in the 1960s.
 Mount Le Conte (or LeConte) is a mountain located in the Sierra Nevada of California. The boundary between Inyo and Tulare counties runs along the crest of the Sierra across Mount Le Conte. The mountain was named in 1895 for Joseph LeConte (1823–1901) the first professor of geology and natural history at the University of California.
 Chhota Bheem: Journey To Petra is an Indian animated movie featuring Bheem the star of the Indian television cartoon program Chhota Bheem. It was the fifth movie of the Chhota Bheem movie series. Running time - 68 mins
 Ghoongat (also spelled Ghunghat) (Urdu: گھونگٹ) is an Urdu film released in the summer of 1996. It starred Mohsin Khan Andaleeb Shaan Resham and Arbaaz Khan. The film marked Shaan's comeback into the Lahore industry and won the actor many plaudits for his performance as the scheming villain. Ghoongat was directed by Syed Noor and produced by Shezad Rafique.
 Dominic Charles Roberts Grieve QC (born 24 May 1956) is a British Conservative politician barrister Queen's Counsel and a Member of the Privy Council. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Beaconsfield since 1997 and he has been Attorney General for England and Wales and Advocate General for Northern Ireland since 2010. He attends Cabinet.
 Pányok is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 The North Worcester Aid Society is a charitable society based in Worcester Massachusetts. It was founded in 1874 to provide clothing for children orphaned during the American Civil War.
 Jatra Shuru or Yatra Shuru is the debut album (released in 2000) of Bhoomi a Bengali band based in Kolkata India.
 Sivamani is a 2003 Telugu romance film written and directed by Puri Jagannadh. The film was Jagannadh's first time working with actor Akkineni Nagarjuna. Asin Thottumkal and Rakshitha play the female leads while Prakash Raj plays the villain. This film is inspired by Message in a Bottle - the Nicolas Sparks novel and film. It was dubbed into Hindi as Main Balwaan.
 Thomas A. Van Meter (April 22 1943 – March 7 1992) is a former member of the Ohio General Assembly. He served in the Ohio Senate from 1973 to 1982 representing the 19th District. He also ran for the Republican nomination for governor in 1978 eventually losing to former Ohio Governor Jim Rhodes. He eventually returned to the General Assembly serving in the Ohio House of Representatives for one term.He died of cancer in 1992.
 Kajaani River (Finnish: Kajaaninjoki; Swedish: Kajana älv) is a river in the Province of Oulu and in the region of Kainuu Finland.The river runs from Lake Nuasjärvi to Lake Oulujärvi through the city of Kajaani. From there the waters flow through the Oulujoki river into the Gulf of Bothnia. The river drains a chain of lakes that originates in the municipalities of Kuhmo and Sotkamo in Kainuu (Finnish: Sotkamon reitti).
 Nduese Essien (born 2 February 1944) was a Nigerian National Assembly representative from Akwa Ibom state from 1999 to 2007 and was appointed Federal Minister of Lands Housing & Urban Development on 6 April 2010 when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet.
 Edward Michael Mike Harrington (February 24 1928 – July 31 1989) was an American democratic socialist writer political activist political theorist professor of political science radio commentator and initiator of the Democratic Socialists of America. During the 1970s he invented the term neoconservatism.
 Mary Wambui is a Kenyan businesswoman and politician. She succeeded former president Mwai Kibaki as the member of parliament for Othaya. She is allegedly Kibaki's second wife. The Wambui family claim that Mwai married Mary in 1972 under Kikuyu customary law and have a daughter Wangui Mwai. In 2004 the media reported that Kibaki has a second spouse allegedly married under customary law Mary Wambui and a daughter Wangui Mwai.
 Jannatabad (Persian: جنت اباد‎ also Romanized as Jannatābād) is a village in Azizabad Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 792 in 158 families.
 Library Journal is a trade publication for librarians. It was founded in 1876 by Melvil Dewey (familiar as the inventor of the Dewey decimal system). It reports news about the library world emphasizing public libraries and offers feature articles about aspects of professional practice.
 Seyyed Hasan-e Hakim (Persian: سيدحسن حكيم‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Ḩasan-e Hakīm) is a village in Shalahi Rural District in the Central District of Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 891 in 152 families.
 The Galbenu River is a tributary of the Lotrişorul River in Romania.
 Anophthalmus is a genus of ground beetle endemic to Europe. It contains the following species: Anophthalmus aidovskanus Ganglbauer 1913 Anophthalmus alphonsi J.
 The Little River is a 21.3-mile-long (34.3 km) tributary of the Salmon Falls River in the U.S. state of Maine. It rises from streams in York County flows southwest through Lebanon and reaches its confluence with the Salmon Falls River in Berwick.
 Carabus loschnikovii is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Eastern and north Russia.
 The Dubbi Volcano is a stratovolcano located in the Southern Red Sea Region of Eritrea. Its peak elevation is 1625 m. There have been four known eruptions. In 1400 lava was determined to have reached the Red Sea while in 1861 ash was thrown over 250 km from the volcano.. Two further events were suspected between 1861 and the 20th century.On June 13 2011 an ash cloud that had some influence on air travel was attributed to Dubbi.
 Scrobipalpa dorsoflava is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Russia (southern Ural) and Kirghizia.
 The Martin Parelius Fourplex is a building in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Originally published in 1982 The Snarkout Boys and the Avocado of Death is a young adult novel written by Daniel Pinkwater and features alienated teenagers avocado-obsessed mad scientists and a plot to replace all of the world's realtors with aliens.
 Muzyka Emocjonalna is the first EP and seventh album overall by Polish rapper Pezet a member of Płomień 81. The EP was only sold on the official website of the project with only 5000 copies made available.
 Rudzir (Persian: رودزير‎ also Romanized as Rūdzīr) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1126 in 210 families.
 The Peterborough Unitarian Church at Main and Summer Sts. in Peterborough New Hampshire was built in 1825. It has also been known as First Church in Peterborough. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Aravindhan (Tamil: அரவிந்தன்) is a 1997 Indian Tamil film written and directed by newcomer T. Nagarajan starring Sarath Kumar Parthiban Nagma Oorvasi Prakash Raj and Visu in lead and pivotal roles. The film marks the debut of noted music composer Yuvan Shankar Raja musician Ilaiyaraaja's youngest son and the debut of cinematographer R. Rathnavelu. The film flopped miserably at the box-office. The film is based on the 1968 Kizhavenmani massacre in which 44 people were burnt alive.
 Still Sick… Urine Trouble is the second mixtape in Sage Francis' Sick of mixtape series . It is currently out of print and will most likely remain that way. Sage chose to discontinue this mixtape along with Sickly Business and released Still Sickly Business a best of compilation of the two mixtapes with several new tracks included.
 Baekunsan (lit. White Cloud Mountain) is a mountain located in Duseomyeon Ulju County Ulsan South Korea. It was previously named Albaksan (Hangul: 알박산) during the Silla Dynsasy. It has an elevation of 885 m (2904 ft).
 HM Prison Gartree is a Category B men's prison located in Market Harborough Leicestershire England. Gartree is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Umrao Jaan (Urdu: امراؤ جان Hindi: उमराव जान) is a Bollywood film about the famous courtesan of the title. Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai stars in the lead roles. The film is directed by J. P. Dutta and also stars Shabana Azmi Sunil Shetty Divya Dutta Himani Shivpuri and Kulbhushan Kharbanda.
 In Between Evolution is the ninth full-length album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip. It was recorded at Studio X in Seattle and was released June 29 2004. The album debuted at #1 in Canada selling 22500 copies in its first week. However sales of the album dropped by 50 percent the following week. The album was certified Platinum in Canada in September 2004.One of the major themes of this album is the response to the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
 Lac de la Cavayère is an artificial lake in the Languedoc-Roussillon région of France close to the mediaeval town of Carcassonne.The lake also known as Carcassonne Plage (in English Carcassonne Beach) was created by the building of a 23 metre high dam in 1988 after severe forest fires affected the area in 1985. The surface area of the lake which is fed by the creeks of Montirat Bazalac and Mitgé is 180000 m² and it is 1.5 million cubic metres in volume.
 Grone is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Raphitoma erronea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Laranjal River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Rostamabad (Persian: رستم اباد‎ also Romanized as Rostamābād) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 30 families.
 Fissurella nubecula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 The Hammer of Eden is a work by Ken Follett. It is about a group of people living together in a commune cut off from the rest of the world. When their commune is threatened by a plan to build a dam they turn desperate and devise a devious plan to arm twist the governor of California to abandon the project. They transform themselves into eco-terrorists and threaten to start an earthquake if their demands are not met.
 Until the Full Moon (FULL MOONにささやいて Full Moon ni Sasayaite) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Sanami Matoh.
 Whipping Girl: A Transsexual Woman on Sexism and the Scapegoating of Femininity is a 2007 book by transsexual theorist and writer Julia Serano. The book is a transfeminist manifesto which makes the case that transphobia is rooted in sexism and that transgender activism is a feminist movement.
 Bayer is a lunar impact crater located in the southwest section of the moon to the east of the crater Schiller. The rim of Bayer is slightly worn by erosion but remains well-defined. There is an inner terrace but the outer wall is intruded upon by nearby impacts. The most significant of these is Schiller H which forms a ridge attached to the northwest rim of Bayer. The floor of Bayer is relatively flat and lacks a central peak.
 St Mark's Church Blackburn is in Buncer Lane in the former parish of Witton Blackburn Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican church in the deanery of Blackburn with Darwen the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. Originally a separate parish in 2005 it combined with the parish of St Luke with St Philip to form the Parish of Christ the King. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Heidelberg Centre is the home of the School of Graphic Communications Management at Ryerson University in Toronto Canada.The 4-storey building at 125 Bond Street cost $10.61 million to build and was designed by Moffat Kinoshita Architects.
 Bhagya Laxmi is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 Erie County Medical Center is a full-service care hospital with 550 licensed beds located in the East Side of Buffalo New York and a member of the Great Lakes Health System. The school is affiliated with the University at Buffalo.
 Internationale is an EP by experimental indie band Brainiac released on October 6 1995. It was their first release after signing to Touch & Go Records and was produced by Kim Deal of The Pixies.
 On the Road to Beautiful is the fourth studio album from Charlie Hall.
 Miniloft is a Berlin-based apartment hotel that features 14 spacious loft-type apartments in two adjacent buildings.
 Going Public is Beach Boys member Bruce Johnston's third and final solo album and the only one recorded after becoming a member of the band. It was released in 1977 under Columbia Records.
 Sabine Lösing (born 30 November 1955) is a German politician. Since 2009 she has been a Member of the European Parliament for Die Linke where she has responsibility for foreign and security policy. In February 2013 she was elected as chairwoman of the Die Linke state association in Lower Saxony.
 Thitarodes dongyuensis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Liang in 1992 and is known from China.
 Pikus [ˈpikus] (German: Picus (1927-45: Pikus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Iława and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 100.
 American Quarterly is an academic journal and the official publication of the American Studies Association. The journal covers topics of both domestic and international concern in the United States and is considered a leading resource in the field of American studies. The current editor-in-chief is Sarah Banet-Weiser (University of Southern California). The journal is published quarterly by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 Khalilabad (Persian: خليل اباد‎ also Romanized as Khalīlābād) is a village in Mahan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Christopher Murray Paul-Huhne (born 2 July 1954) is a British journalist and former politician who was the Liberal Democrat Member of Parliament for Eastleigh from 2005 to 2013 and the Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change from 2010 to 2012. He currently writes a weekly column for The Guardian.On 3 February 2012 Huhne resigned from the Cabinet when he was charged with perverting the course of justice over a 2003 speeding case.
 Sin City is the second full-length album by American industrial rock band Genitorturers.
 Visrud (Persian: ويسرود‎ also Romanized as Vīsrūd) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1148 in 305 families.
 Uttarayanam (English: Throne of Capricorn) is a 1974 Malayalam film directed by G. Aravindan and written by Thikkodiyan. Aravindan who is considered the doyen of Malayalam parallel cinema debuted with this film.
 The Mud River is a 6.4-mile-long (10.3 km) tidal arm of the Sapelo River in McIntosh County Georgia in the United States. It forms the northern part of the channel separating Sapelo Island from the mainland.
 National Lampoon Comics was an American book an anthology of comics; it was published in 1974 in paperback. Although it is to all appearances a book it was apparently considered to be a special edition of National Lampoon magazine. (The book is described on the first page as being Vol I No. 7 in a series of special editions published three times a year.)The anthology contained material that had been published in the magazine from 1970 to 1974.
 Allah Nur (Persian: اله نور‎ also Romanized as Allāh Nūr; also known as Qareh Meshk) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 37 families.
 Paddock Mansion home to the Jefferson County Historical Society Headquarters since 1922 is a historic home located at Watertown in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1876 and is a 2 1⁄2-story brick structure on a high basement in the Stick / Eastlake style.
 Zenatia acinaces is a species of moderately large marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mactridae.
 Plectrocerum is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Plectrocerum cribratum Sallé 1856 Plectrocerum spinicorne (Olivier 1795)↑
 Antun Mihalović (1868–1949) was a politician from Croatia. He served as ban of Croatia from 29 June 1917 until 20 January 1919. He was a member of a noble family Mihalović which oldest known member (Demeter pl. Mihalović) came from Macedonia to Croatia (to the city of Orahovica) in 1733.
 Mark Bryan Wyland (born October 27 1946 in Escondido California) is a U.S. Republican politician from the state of California who represents the 38th District in the California State Senate.
 The São Pedro River (Macaé River) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lubecko [luˈbɛt͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kochanowice within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Lubliniec and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 822.First written mention about Lubecku come from with 1226 year. Church was built here the most probably on beginning 14th century.
 Chain of Pearls (真珠の鎖 Shinju no Kusari) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Kanan Minami. The story revolves around the love triangle between two high school association football players and their club manager Hisa.
 Cortez Lake is located in Cortez Park in northwest Phoenix at the northeast corner of 35th Avenue and Dunlap Avenue.
 Rue des prairies is a 1959 French drama film directed by Denys de La Patellière.
 Saint Monica is a 2002 Canadian film written and directed by Terrance Odette. It was nominated for Best Lead Performance by a Female actress (Genevieve Buechner) in a Feature Length Drama at the 2002 Leo Awards and won Best Achievement in Music for an Original Song (Com Estas Asas by Carlos Lopes) at the 2003 Genie Awards.
 The Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum is located in Wausau Wisconsin. It is best known for its annual Birds in Art exhibition which exhibits contemporary artistic representations of birds. The annual exhibition has been held beginning the week after Labor Day since the museum's founding in 1976. The museum stands on a 4-acre (16000 m2) estate in a 1931 English Tudor style house previously owned by Alice Woodson Forester and John E. Forester.
 The River Don is a river in Brittany France. It is a tributary of the River Vilaine.
 Kiki is a 1931 romantic comedy starring Mary Pickford and Reginald Denny directed by Sam Taylor. The film is a remake of the 1926 version starring Norma Talmadge.
 The Cotton Leaf Roller (Haritalodes derogata) is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is widely distributed. Records include the Comoros the Democratic Republic of Congo Ghana La Réunion Madagascar the Seychelles South Africa Gambia Australia Fiji Papua New Guinea Samoa the Solomon Islands the Andaman Islands Bali India Sri Lanka Malaysia Myanmar Singapore Sri Lanka Vietnam China and Japan.
 Brzezie [ˈbʐɛʑɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Środa Wielkopolska and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 140.
 Schinia scarletina is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America including Arizona Kansas New Mexico Utah California south to Baja California.The wingspan is about 20 mm.Larvae have been recorded on Stephanomeria.
 Vs. is an international fashion and lifestyle magazine published bi-annually. Known for its sleek design[citation needed] luxury fashion stories[citation needed] editorial edge[citation needed] and large format glossy print size.[citation needed]Vs. was founded by Jakob F. Stubkjær and Vibe Dabelsteen in 2005. Vs.'s offices are based in New York United States. Vs.
 The Economical Environmentalist is a book by Prashant Vaze about the effects of climate change and what practical measures can be taken to reduce the amount of energy one consumes.
 Odostomia marginata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Lords of Discipline is a 1980 novel by Pat Conroy.
 Dancing with Strangers is the ninth studio album by Chris Rea released in 1987. It became Rea's first major success in UK peaking at #2 behind Michael Jackson's Bad and spent 46 weeks in the charts achieving Platinum accreditation. It reached the Top 10 in six other countries including New Zealand where it became a number one album.Let's Dance was released as the first single and like the album became a major hit for Rea in UK peaking at #12.
 Simón Moret Gallart (1853 - 1923) was Mayor of Ponce Puerto Rico from 1907 to 1914.
 The Ground Beneath Her Feet is Salman Rushdie's sixth novel. Published in 1999 it is a variation on the Orpheus/Eurydice myth with rock music replacing Orpheus' lyre.
 Tammiku is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Corbett and Courtney Before the Kinetograph (also known as Edison Kinetoscopic Record of Boxers and The Corbett-Courtney Fight) is an 1894 American short black-and-white silent film produced by William K.L. Dickson and starring James J. Corbett. It was only the second boxing match to be filmed following The Leonard-Cushing fight which had been filmed by Dickson on June 14 1894.The films are listed as 1st Round 2nd Round 3rd Round 4th Round 5th Round and 6th Round.
 Aptha is a 2011 Kannada film in the thriller genre starring Pooja Gandhi Neeraj Sham in the lead roles . The film has been directed and written by Sanjeev Kumar and produced by Dharmalingam and Megoti Sanjeev Kumar . The film is released on 25 February 2011.
 Wesley's Chapel is a Methodist church in London which was built by John Wesley the founder of the Methodist movement. The site also is now both a place of worship and a visitor attraction; incorporating the Museum of Methodism in its crypt and John Wesley's House next to the main chapel.The chapel was opened in 1778 to replace John Wesley's earlier London chapel The Foundery.
 Yamanukku Yaman is a 1980 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Yoganand.D starring Sivaji Ganesan and Sripriya in lead roles.
 Sambalhera is an ancient village in Jansath Tehsil of Muzaffarnagar district Uttar Pradesh India 6 km from Jansath town. Chhatraudi branch of Sadat Bahera settled here in 11th century. Many ancient and medieval tombs of Barha generals are still there.Sayyid Hasan Fakhruddin was the first Zaidi Sayyid who settled down here in 1104/1106 AD who came here from Chattbanur a village in Patiala district of Punjab India. Sayyid Hasan's mazaar is in Sambhalhera.
 Rush Hour is a 1998 American action comedy film and the first installment in the Rush Hour series. Directed by Brett Ratner and starring Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker. It was followed by two sequels Rush Hour 2 (2001) and Rush Hour 3 (2007) with a 4th film in the works. Ranked at number 26 on Thatfilmguy.com's list of top 30 classic action films of all time. Ranked 48 on Totalfilm.com's 50 greatest kung fu movies of all time.
 Annabel is a 2010 novel by Canada-based author Kathleen Winter.
 Otan tragoudo (Greek: Όταν τραγουδώ; English: When I sing) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Tolis Voskopoulos. It was released in November 1976 by Minos EMI in Greece and it went gold selling over 50000 units.
 Wylie House is an historic structure built in 1835 and located in Bloomington Indiana. It was home of Andrew Wylie first president of Indiana University until his death in 1851. In 1859 following the death of Andrew's widow Margaret Theophilus Adam Wylie professor at Indiana University and half-cousin to Andrew purchased the house from their heirs and his family resided there until his widow's death in 1913.
 Brazilian Adventure is a book by Peter Fleming about his search for the lost Colonel Percy Fawcett in the Brazilian jungle. Fawcett along with his son and another companion had disappeared while searching for the Lost City of Z in 1925. Fleming was working as literary editor for The Times when he answered a small ad asking for volunteers to join an expedition to find out what had happened to Fawcett.
 Kim Yong-il (born 2 May 1944) was the Premier of North Korea from April 2007 to 7 June 2010. He was elected as Premier by the 5th session of the 11th Supreme People's Assembly (SPA) in April 2007 replacing Pak Pong-ju. He was then replaced by Choe Yong-rim after a rare parliamentary session on 7 June 2010.He served in the Korean People's Army from 1960 to 1969 and then graduated from the Rajin University of Marine Transport as a navigation officer.
 Patient Preference and Adherence is a peer-reviewed healthcare journal focusing on patient preference and adherence throughout the therapeutic continuum. The journal was established in 2007 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 The Berkshire Museum is a museum of natural history art and ancient civilization that is located in Pittsfield Berkshire County Massachusetts United States.In 1903 Berkshire Museum founder Zenas Crane inspired by such institutions as the American Museum for Natural Science the Smithsonian and the Metropolitan Museum of Art decided to blend the best attributes of these establishments in a new museum for the people of Western Massachusetts.
 Troll Blood is a children's fantasy novel the third volume of the Troll Trilogy written by Katherine Langrish. It follows the events of Troll Fell and Troll Mill.
 The Louis Blotner Radar Bomb Scoring Site and the subsequent Ashland Radar Station were an 1963 June-1990 Strategic Air Command AUTOTRACK radar site(s) operated by Detachment 7 of the 12th Radar Bomb Scoring Squadron. The station simulated Electronic Countermeasures for the Ashland Training Range's low-level training route over Bangor north to Houlton Maine (designated route IR-800 by 1981).
 Shake Some Action is the fifth album by the San Francisco rock band the Flamin' Groovies. It was released in 1976 on Sire. The record reached no. 142 in the Billboard charts.The Seattle band Shake Some Action! was named after this album's title song.
 Sułkowo [suu̯ˈkɔvɔ] (German: Solkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Lubraniec 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 59 km (37 mi) south of Toruń.
 Piz Laschadurella is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps located east of Zernez in the canton of Graubünden. Its southern side is part of the Swiss National Park.
 Antonio Flamand (born June 28 1933) was a nationalist politician in Quebec Canada.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
 Lemonade Mouth is a soundtrack album by Bridgit Mendler and the cast of the film of the same name released on April 12 2011 by Walt Disney Records. The soundtrack peaked at number 4 on the US Billboard 200 number three on the US Top Digital Albums and topped the US Top Soundtracks and US Kid Albums.
 Lake Cadillac is a lake located within the city of Cadillac Michigan. It is part of the Muskegon River watershed.
 The Ironwood Carnegie Library is a library located at 235 E. Aurora Street in Ironwood Michigan. It is the oldest continuously operated Carnegie Library in Michigan and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 Esk Pike is a fell in the English Lake District one of the great cirque of hills forming the head of Eskdale.
 Kinsach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Daily Citizen is a daily newspaper published in Dalton Georgia.
 Richard Foote Pedersen (February 21 1925 – July 11 2011)was a career United States State Department employee veteran of WWII & President of the American University of Cairo.
 Tales from the Golden Age (Romanian: Amintiri din epoca de aur) is a 2009 Romanian omnibus film. It was screened as part of the Un Certain Regard section at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.The film is composed of five whimsical yet blackly comic short stories each one set in the late communist period in Romania and based on urban myths from the time reflecting the perspective of ordinary people.
 The Faces of the Moon (Original title: Las caras de la luna) is a 2002 Mexican drama film directed by Guita Schyfter. The film centres upon a group of female jurors at the 3rd Latin American Women's Film Festival in Mexico City. The film reunites Geraldine Chaplin and Ana Torrent who previously starred as mother and daughter in the Carlos Saura films; Cría cuervos (1976) and Elisa vida mía (1977).
 The Buriti River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Encore is Lionel Richie's first live album which was released on November 26 2002. Various international versions also included Goodbye To Love a Woman (featuring Enrique Iglesias) Don't Stop the Music and Tender Heart. The material on the album was recorded at Wembley Arena in London England in May 2001.
 Sarbka [ˈsarpka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Czarnków and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Secaș River is a tributary of the Târnava River in Romania.
 Hypolycaena lebona the Fairy Hairstreak is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.Adults mud-puddle and have also been recorded imbibing moisture from moist wood ash.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Ewo (a word in the Yoruba language).
 The varicose rocksnail also known as the verrucose file snail scientific name Lithasia verrucosa is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Vincent Benoît Camille Peillon (French pronunciation: ​[vɛ̃.sɑ̃ pɛ.jɔ̃] ; born 7 July 1960 in Suresnes) was Minister for Education in the French Government. He is a longstanding French politician and since 2004 has been a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for North West France (allied with the Socialist Party and the Party of European Socialists).
 José Maria da Silva Paranhos the Viscount of Rio Branco (16 March 1819 – 1 November 1880) was a politician monarchist diplomat teacher and journalist of the Empire of Brazil (1822–1889). Rio Branco was born in Salvador in what was then the Captaincy of Bahia to a wealthy family but most of the fortune was lost after his parents' deaths early in his childhood.Rio Branco attended Brazil's Naval School and became a midshipman in 1841.
 Bornscheider Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Slawter is the third book in the The Demonata series (4th chronologically) written by Darren Shan. Even though all the Demonata books can be read separately this book follows on from the 1st in the series Lord Loss and the 2nd in the series Demon Thief. The protagonist is Grubbs Grady who was also the protagonist for Lord Loss.
 Château d'Aramont is a château in Verberie Oise France.
 Peel Castle is a castle in Peel Isle of Man originally constructed by Vikings. The castle stands on St Patrick's Isle which is connected to the town by causeway. It is now owned by Manx National Heritage and is open to visitors during the summer.The castle was built in the 11th century by the Vikings under the rule of King Magnus Barelegs. While there were older stone Celtic monastic buildings on the island the first Viking fortifications were built of wood.
 Putnam's Monthly Magazine of American Literature Science and Art was a monthly periodical published by G. P. Putnam's Sons featuring American literature and articles on science art and politics. It had three incarnations: first edited by Charles Frederick Briggs from January 1853 to September 1857 (whereupon it merged with Emerson's United States Magazine); then edited by C. F.
 The luxury five star Royal Cliff Hotels Group consists of 4 hotels and a multipurpose convention centre situated between Jomtien and South Pattaya Thailand. Occupying 64 acres (26 ha) of parkland overlooking the East Coast of the Gulf of Thailand.
 John Haywood Baker Jr. (June 10 1935 – October 31 2007) nicknamed Big John was an American defensive lineman in the National Football League who played for four teams from 1958 to 1968. He later served as sheriff of Wake County North Carolina from 1978 to 2002 becoming the first African-American sheriff in North Carolina since the Reconstruction era.
 Gracie Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island north west of the north end of Nahmint Lake.
 Sagalassa triphaenoides is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It is found in Chile.
 Amaurobius scopolii is a spider species found in Southern Europe.
 Main Hoon Na (translation: I Am Here Now) is a Bollywood action comedy film co-written and directed by Farah Khan. The screenplay was written by Farah Khan and Abbas Tyrewala based on the story Anvita Dutt Guptan.
 Panivizhum Malarvanam is a 2014 Tamil thriller film written and directed by James David. The film stars Abhilash and Sanyathara in the lead roles while Varsha Ashwathi Sai Vishal and Jawahar appear in other pivotal roles. The film was released on 21 February 2014 to average reviews.
 Phrynobatrachus steindachneri is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Commerce Journal is a weekly online Burmese language newspaper published every Monday by the Ministry of Commerce in Burma.
 Torch is the debut novel of American author Cheryl Strayed. Published in 2006 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt the book was a finalist for the Great Lakes Book Award and was selected by The Oregonian as one of the top ten books of 2006 by writers living in the Pacific Northwest. The book presents the story of family crisis and grief through the failing health and subsequent death of a mother of two children in Minnesota. The book is loosely based on the real life of the author.
 Le Temps d'un film is a 2007 film.
 Cyclostremella orbis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of three known species to exist within the genus Cyclostremella. The other species being Cyclostremella concordia and Cyclostremella humilis.
 Ashes and Diamonds (Polish: Popiół i diament) is a 1958 Polish film directed by Andrzej Wajda based on the 1948 novel by Polish writer Jerzy Andrzejewski. It completed Wajda's war films trilogy following A Generation (1954) and Kanal (1956). The title comes from a 19th-century poem by Cyprian Norwid and references the manner in which diamonds are formed from heat and pressure acting upon coal.
 The Hindoostanee Coffee House was the first Indian restaurant in the United Kingdom. It was opened by Sake Dean Mahomed a captain in the British East India Company in George Street London in 1810. It closed a year later for lack of business.
 Femina is a Danish magazine for women published by Aller Media. It began in its current form in 1952 and is a continuation of illustrated fashion journal 'Nordisk Mønster Tidende' (1874–1952) making it the oldest weekly magazine in Denmark. The magazine positions itself towards modern women and covers fashion food interior design health and beauty psychology and culture.
 LA Weekly is a free weekly tabloid-sized alternative weekly in Los Angeles California. It was founded in 1978 by Editor/Publisher Jay Levin and a board of directors that included actor-producer Michael Douglas. It is currently owned by Voice Media Group owner of alternative weeklies Village Voice LA Weekly Denver Westword Phoenix New Times Houston Press Dallas Observer Riverfront Times Miami New Times Minneapolis City Pages Broward New Times and OC Weekly.
 Faster & Llouder is the second album released by American country music duo Foster & Lloyd. It contained their last top 10 song Fair Shake. The other singles released Before the Heartache Rolls In Suzette and Fat Lady Sings failed to break into the top 40 while the latter failed to chart at all. The album itself peaked at #44 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. It was however their only album to appear on The Billboard 200 charting at #142.
 Lake Lagunillas is a lake in Peru.
 The Chesed-El Synagogue is a synagogue in Singapore. It is located at Oxley Rise in the River Valley Planning Area within the Central Area in Singapore's central business district.The synagogue was constructed in 1905. As the Jewish community grew beyond the capacity of the Maghain Aboth Synagogue there was a need for this second place of worship which was built in the late-Renaissance style. It was also one of the first places to use gaslights in Singapore.
 For the condition of being toothless see Edentulism. For the fictional dragon named Toothless see How to Train Your Dragon.Toothless is a 1997 children's fantasy television movie that first aired as part of The Wonderful World of Disney on ABC.
 Bōken Shōnen (冒険少年) is a manga series of short stories by Mitsuru Adachi which appeared about once a year in Shogakukan's Big Comic Original between 1998 and 2006. The title translates to Adventure Boys. All seven stories deal with grown men each dealing with some aspect of his past. Some of the stories have slight fantasy elements to them while others use flashbacks.
 Anoplocis is a genus of tree-fungus beetle in the family Ciidae.
 Dianetics: The Evolution of a Science by L. Ron Hubbard is the original article published in Astounding Science Fiction (cover date May 1950) published immediately preceding the release of Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health that introduced Dianetics.
 Billy Leonard (born 13 January 1955) is a former Irish republican politician.Born in Lurgan to a Protestant family Leonard is a former member of the Royal Ulster Constabulary reserve Seventh-day Adventist lay preacher and former member of the Orange Order.
 Horna/Behexen is a split EP by the black metal bands Horna and Behexen. It was first released in 2004 on vinyl by Grievantee Productions and was limited to 500 copies. The CD version was released by Autistiartili Records and was limited to 1000 copies on. It was later re-released on February 5 2007 through Debemur Morti Productions with different artwork.
 One If By Land Two If By Sea is a fine dining restaurant located at 17 Barrow Street (between Seventh Avenue South and West 4th Street) in the West Village of the New York City Manhattan borough. It has been recognized for its classic menu long history and beautiful decor. [1] The restaurant operates inside a historic carriage house built in 1767. It was subsequently purchased by Aaron Burr in 1794 and rumored to be haunted by his ghost.
 William Fitzgerald was an American politician who represented Tennessee's 9th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives.
 Prytania is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Prytania straeleni which is found in Brazil.
 The Columbia City Hall in Columbia South Carolina also known as Old United States Court House and Post Office was built in 1870. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It includes Renaissance architecture. It served historically as a courthouse and as a post office.
 Cat Dog & Co. is a 1929 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan under the pseudonym Anthony Mack.Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer it was the 91st Our Gang short that was released. The short a silent film was produced in the early spring of 1929 but withheld until after three sound Our Gang films had already been released. Cat Dog and Co. was released with a synchronized music and sound effects track on phonographic disc.
 LynnMall is a shopping centre in New Lynn a suburb of Waitakere City New Zealand on Great North Road adjacent to New Lynn Train Station 11.8 kilometres (7.3 mi) southwest of the Auckland CBD.
 Caloptilia semnophanes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Theory of Probability and its Applications is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by SIAM. Established in 1956 the journal is a translation of the Russian journal Teoriya Veroyatnostei i ee Primeneniya. The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.Its 2009 MCQ was 0.12 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.827.
 Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton (/ˈhɪləri daɪˈæn ˈrɒdəm ˈklɪntən/; born October 26 1947) is a former United States Secretary of State U.S. Senator and First Lady of the United States. From 2009 to 2013 she was the 67th Secretary of State serving under President Barack Obama. She previously represented New York in the U.S. Senate (2001 to 2009). Before that as the wife of President Bill Clinton she was First Lady from 1993 to 2001.
 Michelliana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Not to be confused with the Mistassini River.The Mistassibi River is a river in central Quebec Canada. It is 298 kilometres (185 mi) long and has a drainage basin of 9325 square kilometres (3600 sq mi). Its source is an area with unnamed lakes about 50 kilometres (31 mi) east of Canso Bay of Lake Albanel eastern neighbor of Lake Mistassini.The name Mistassibi only in use since the late 19th century comes from the Innu-aimun language meaning large river.
 Trends in Analytical Chemistry is a peer reviewed journal in analytical chemistry with reviews of the latest developments in the field. The 2009 impact factor was 6.546.
 Hernádpetri is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Primetime Propaganda: The True Hollywood Story of How the Left Took Over Your TV is a 2011 book by political commentator Ben Shapiro. In it he argues that producers executives and writers in the entertainment industry are using television to promote a Socialist political agenda.
 Mary M. Poling (born November 23 1946 in Barbour County West Virginia) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 47 since January 12 2013. Poling served consecutively from January 2001 until January 2013 in the District 40 seat.
 Roland Winburn is a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives representing the 40th District since 2009.
 Claire-Hélène Hovington (born May 14 1944 in Sacré-Cœur Quebec) is a Canadian politician who represented the electoral district of Matane in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1985 to 1994 as a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
 Orbis is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal on international relations and the foreign policy of the United States. It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the Foreign Policy Research Institute. Orbis was established by Robert Strausz-Hupé in response to his dissatisfaction with the Council on Foreign Relations' Foreign Affairs in which he never published an article. Strausz-Hupé edited the journal himself from its first issue in 1957 until 1969 when he was succeeded by William R.
 Dickinson Bay is an inlet of Galveston Bay in Texas United States within the Greater Houston metropolitan area. It is fed by Dickinson Bayou and the community of San Leon sits on a peninsula to its north.
 Jack the Giant Killer is a 1962 United Artists fantasy film starring Kerwin Mathews in a fairy tale story about a young man who defends a princess against a sorcerer's giants and demons.The film was loosely based on the traditional tale Jack the Giant Killer and features extensive use of stop motion animation. The film was directed by Nathan H. Juran and later re-edited and re-released as a musical by producer Edward Small.
 Speaking of Jane Roberts is a biography of Jane Roberts written by Susan M. Watkins. It was published on August 21 2006
 Klein is a lunar impact crater that is located across the western rim of the larger crater Albategnius in the central highlands region of the Moon.The rim of Klein has been worn and incised by a history of impacts and the western rim is larger than the remainder. There are low saddles in both the northern and southern parts of the rim and the crater Klein A cuts through the northeast rim. The floor has been covered and smoothed by a lava flow and there is a small central peak.
 St James is a Church of England parish church in Poole on the south coast of England in the ceremonial county of Dorset.The church is located in the historic quarter of the town near Poole Quay. It is the parish church for the St James sub district of Poole. Lucy Holt is the current minister of the church.
 The Bristle-nosed Barbet (Gymnobucco peli) is a bird species in the family Lybiidae. It used to be placed in the family Bucconidae which has been split up; alternatively it may be included in a vastly expanded Ramphastidae.It is found in Angola Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone and Togo.
 Izabella Antonina Sierakowska (Polish pronunciation: [izaˈbɛlla ɕɛraˈkɔfska]; born September 22 1946; maiden name Kruszyńska) is a Polish politician and one of the leading and the most popular persons of the Polish left.She was born in Góra Śląska. Her parents Krystyna and Zbigniew Kruszyńskis were a refugees from Vilnius. Zbigniew was a soldier who fought in the Polish resistance during occupation and later continued his career.
 Woyiram Boakye-Danquah is a Ghanaian social worker and the former District Chief Executive of the South Dayi District in the Volta Region of Ghana.Boakye-Danquah worked as a social worker prior to engaging in politics. She was nominated by President John Kufuor in 2005 for the position of District Chief Executive of the newly created South Dayi District. This was not endorsed initially by the South Dayi District Assembly. She however got appointed later the same year.
 Catalexis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 István Pálffy (born 21 November 1959) is a Hungarian media personality former news presenter journalist writer who also served as member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz–KDNP Hajdú-Bihar County Regional List between 2010 and 2014.
 Mount Azami (薊岳 Azamidake) is a 1406 m (4613 ft) mountain located on the border of Higashiyoshino and Kawakami Nara Japan.
 Yeh Hai Chakkad Bakkad Bumbe Bo (also known as The Sensational Six) is a 2003 Indian children's film directed by Sridhar Rangayan and written by Vijay Tendulkar and Sushma Bakshi. The film is based on a short story by Shakuntala Paranjpye and was shot on location over 20 days in Mandangad Bankot and Mumbai.
 Assid Khaleel Corban OBE JP is a New Zealand local-body politician and company director. He was the first Mayor of Waitakere and previously Mayor of the Henderson Borough Council. He is a descendant of Assid Abraham Corban.
 Double Suicide (心中天網島 Shinjū: Ten no amijima) is a 1969 film directed by Masahiro Shinoda. It is based on the 1721 play The Love Suicides at Amijima by Monzaemon Chikamatsu. This play is often performed in the bunraku style (that is with puppets). In the film the story is performed with live actors but also makes use of Japanese theatrical traditions such as the kuroko (stagehands dressed entirely in black) who invisibly interact with the actors and the set is non-realist.
 Unkervatnet (Southern Sami: Åanghkejaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county Norway. It is a good lake for fishing lake trout and Arctic char both during summer and winter. The river flowing into the lake from the east is called Skarmodalselva and the outflowing river is called Unkerelva (which itself flows into the river Vefsna).
 James Collins Jimmy Green (February 24 1921 – February 4 2000) was a North Carolina politician who served as Speaker of the North Carolina House of Representatives (1975–1976) and as the 28th Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina (1977–1985).
 Big Walnut Creek starts near Mount Gilead Ohio in Morrow County. It flows south to eastern Delaware County and parallels Alum Creek. It passes to the east of Sunbury and into Hoover Reservoir. The reservoir crosses into Franklin County and flows through Gahanna and Whitehall. Near Obetz it is joined by its principal tributaries Alum Creek and Blacklick Creek at the Three Creeks Columbus Metro Park.
 Mary Upton (born 30 May 1946) is a former Irish Labour Party politician. She served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South–Central constituency from 1999 to 2011.Upton was born in Kilrush County Clare and was educated at Coláiste Mhuire Ennis; University College Galway and University College Dublin.
 Simon Magus is a 1999 British mystery film directed by Ben Hopkins. It was entered into the 49th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Sunny Heights in St George's Hill estate in Weybridge Surrey England was the mid-1960s home of Ringo Starr drummer of the Beatles.Starr purchased his home on 24 July 1965 after bandmates John Lennon and George Harrison had bought houses. Sunny Heights along with its large house and grounds boasted its own bar The Flying Cow where Starr played host. The previous owner was Mr. H. E.
 Labeobarbus nedgia is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Labeobarbus.
 Constantin C. Arion (also known as Costică Arion; June 18 1855 – June 27 1923) was a Romanian politician affiliated with the National Liberal Party the Conservative Party and after 1918 the People's Party. He served two terms as Minister of Religion and Public Instruction one term as Minister of Agriculture and another one as Interior Minister before World War I.
 Dance Girl Dance is a film released in 1940 and directed by Dorothy Arzner.In 2007 Dance Girl Dance was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant describing it as Arzner's most intriguing film and a meditation on the disparity between art and commerce.
 The Abbey Church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul Bath commonly known as Bath Abbey is an Anglican parish church and a former Benedictine monastery in Bath Somerset England. Founded in the 7th century Bath Abbey was reorganised in the 10th century and rebuilt in the 12th and 16th centuries; major restoration work was carried out by Sir George Gilbert Scott in the 1860s.
 Fuzz is the third and final studio album by Canadian rock band Junkhouse. The album was recorded in the fall of 1996 at a converted church studio in Hamilton called Catherine North which was co-owned by guitarist Dan Achen. This is Junkhouse's only album to feature Colin Cripps. The album features the hit singles Pearly White and Shine.
 Altaf Hussain Kanjar (Late) was the 19th Governor of Punjab Pakistan from 1992 till May 1995 after the independence of Pakistan in 1947. He belonged to Jhelum District[citation needed]On 29 May 1993 he dissolved the Punjab Assembly and the cabinet led by Islami Jamhoori Ittehad (IJI) under political leadership of Nawaz Sharif and appointed Manzoor Ahmad Wattoo as caretaker Chief Minister Punjab. On 9 June 1993 the Lahore High Court temporarily restored the Punjab Assembly.
 Shosha is a novel originally written in Yiddish by Nobel Prize winning author Isaac Bashevis Singer. It is about the aspiring author Aaron Greidinger who lives in the Hasidic quarter of the Jewish neighborhood of Warsaw during the 1930s. I was an anachronism in every way but I didn't know it just as I didn't know that my friendship with Shosha [..] had anything to do with love. Aaron had many love affairs with women but the only woman he truly loved was Shosha his childhood friend.
 El Malpensante (Spanish: The Misthinker) is a Colombian literary magazine of reportage commentary criticism essays fiction satire cartoons graphic art and poetry founded in 1996 by Andrés Hoyos Restrepo and Mario Jursich Durán.
 Hollywood on Trial is a 1976 American documentary film directed by David Helpern. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Drunk Dirty and Disgraceful is a prank call comedy album by the Bum Bar Bastards. This is their third album of prank calls featuring more Tube Bar calls as well as some others.The CD version of the album contains a hidden track that is only accessible by rewinding the first track.
 Kalvanin Kadhali (Tamil: கள்வனின் காதலி) is a Tamil film that starring Sivaji Ganesan and P. Bhanumathi in the lead roles. This is the first film that both of them acted together. The film was released in the year 1956. The movie was directed by V. S. Raghavan who also directed Sarangadhara.
 Putin's Progress is a biography written by Peter Truscott about Russian president Vladimir Putin's rise to power. The book was published in January 2004 by New York-based publishers Simon & Schuster.The book deals mainly with Putin's childhood education involvement with the KGB/FSB rise to power and the first few years of his presidency.
 Howard Cantour.com is a 2012 short film directed by actor Shia LaBeouf. The short was shown at the Cannes Film Festival on May 18 2012 followed by an online premiere on December 17 2013. The short film follows the eponymous internet film critic Howard Cantour who was played by Jim Gaffigan. Howard Cantour.com is derived from Justin M. Damiano a comic by Dan Clowes although LaBeouf did not seek permission from Clowes or acknowledge Clowes in the film's credits.
 The striped flea beetle (Phyllotreta striolata) is a small flea beetle shiny black with a greenish tinge 1.5 to 2.5 mm long having a wavy amber line running the length of each elytron (wing cover). It is a pest of cabbage and other brassicas. The hind legs are thickened enabling the beetle to jump like a flea when disturbed. The minute oval to elongate white eggs are laid in the soil close to the host plant. The white brown-headed larva when fully grown is 3.2 to 5.0 mm long.
 Oh Happy Day: An All-Star Music Celebration is a compilation album that features popular gospel songs and gospel-themed pop songs recorded by artists of multiple racial denominational and stylistic backgrounds. It won Best Traditional Gospel Album at the 2010 Grammy Awards.Some of secular music's top acts -- among them Queen Latifah Jon Bon Jovi Joss Stone and 3 Doors Down -- take a walk on the spiritual side for Oh Happy Day: An All-Star Music Celebration.
 Ashin-e Olya (Persian: اشين عليا‎ also Romanized as Āshīn-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ashin Āshīn Bālā and Āshīn-e Bālā) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 38 families.
 Nicholas Van Dyke (December 20 1770 – May 21 1826) was an American lawyer and politician from New Castle Delaware. He was a member of the Federalist Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly as Attorney General of Delaware as U.S. Representative from Delaware and as U.S. Senator from Delaware.
 The Times-Tribune is a morning newspaper serving the Scranton Pennsylvania U.S. area. It is owned by the Lynett family and their company Times-Shamrock Communications. On Sundays the paper is published as The Sunday Times.
 Missing Angel Juan is the fourth book in the Dangerous Angels series by Francesca Lia Block. The plot revolves around Witch Baby as she travels to New York City to find her love Angel Juan and bring him back home to Los Angeles.
 The Critique of Practical Reason (German: Kritik der praktischen Vernunft) is the second of Immanuel Kant's three critiques first published in 1788. It follows on from Kant's Critique of Pure Reason and deals with his moral philosophy.
 Seven Chances is a 1925 American comedy silent film directed by and starring Buster Keaton based on a play written by Roi Cooper Megrue produced in 1916 by David Belasco. Additional cast members include T. Roy Barnes Snitz Edwards and Ruth Dwyer. Jean Arthur a future star has an uncredited supporting role. The film's opening scenes were shot in early Technicolor and this rare color footage still survives on the Kino International special edition DVD print.
 Jeff Miller (born September 14 1963) is an American politician who served in the California State Assembly. A small business owner he served 8 years as both the Mayor and a City Councilman in the City of Corona.
 Traité élémentaire de chimie (Elementary Treatise of Chemistry) is an influential textbook written by Antoine Lavoisier published in 1789 and translated into English by Robert Kerr in 1790 under the title Elements of Chemistry in a New Systematic Order containing All the Modern Discoveries.The book is considered to be the first modern chemical textbook.
 Inspiration is a 1989 album by Elkie Brooks. It is a mixture of cover versions and original tracks and includes the single Shame. It was recorded 1989 at Abbey Road Studios RPM Studios Pavilion Studios Rock House and Woody Bay Studios.
 Handle Me With Care (Thai: กอด Kod literally hug) also known as 三手仔手記 (Hong Kong Title) or 一路上有手 (Taiwanese Title) is a 2008 Thai romantic drama film directed by Kongdej Jaturanrasamee.
 Portrait of M and N (MとNの肖像 M to N no Shōzō) is a manga by Tachibana Higuchi. It is published in Japan by Hakusensha and is serialized in Hana to Yume. The manga series has 6 volumes and Tokyopop began its English publication on February 9 2010.
 The Hietzinger Synagoge was a synagogue in the Hietzing district of Vienna Austria. It was destroyed during the Reichskristallnacht in November 1938.
 Download This! is the third album by Cradle of Thorns released on January 30 1996 through Triple X Records.
 Get Ready is the second studio album by American blues rock band Rare Earth. It was released on September 30 1969 by Motown Records. The album version of Get Ready was often played in full at college gatherings. It was a percursor to the 12-inch dance singles. And then of course the edited version would eventually become a pop hit. It is of interest to music historians as the source of the riff to the Rolling Stones' track Bitch which appeared on their 1971 album Sticky Fingers.
 Stephen A. Higginson (born April 1961 Boston Massachusetts) is an American lawyer and judge who sits on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
 Godzilla is a 1998 American science fiction monster film directed and co-written by Roland Emmerich. It was a reimagining of the popular Japanese film monster of the same name. The screenplay was written by Emmerich and Dean Devlin. The plot of the film revolves around a giant reptilian monster mutated by nuclear tests in the French Polynesia who migrates to New York City to nest its young.
 Screen is a journal of film and television studies based at the John Logie Baird Centre at the University of Glasgow and published by Oxford University Press. It is co-edited by John Caughie Alan Durant Simon Frith Sandra Kemp Norman King and Annette Kuhn.
 İnpınar Bayat is a village in the District of Bayat Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Overland Pacific is a 1954 Western film.
 Ashland Town Center is an enclosed shopping mall located in the city of Ashland Kentucky United States. One of two malls serving the city it is located on U.S. Highway 23 near downtown Ashland. The mall features more than seventy retailers and restaurants as well as a food court. Current anchor stores are JCPenney Belk Men and Home Belk Women and Kid's and TJ Maxx. The mall is managed by Glimcher Realty Trust.
 The Dirty Energy Dilemma: What’s Blocking Clean Power in the United States is a 2008 book by academic Benjamin K. Sovacool published by Praeger. In the book Sovacool explores problems with the current U.S. electricity system and ways to overcome them.
 Historias is the fifth studio album released on April 19 1994 by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona.
 Niazabad (Persian: نيازاباد‎ also Romanized as Nīāzābād and Neyāzābād; also known as Nīāz) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 29 families.
 My Life's on the Line (aka 60 Second Assassin in the West) is a 1978 Taiwanese martial arts film directed by Chester Wong.
 The Ruseni River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River near the end of Lake Izvorul Muntelui in Romania.
 Tilyar Lake is one of the major tourist attractions in the Indian state of Haryana. It is 70 kilometers from New Delhi on the Delhi – Fazilka highway and is located close to the city of Rohtak in Haryana. The lake lies in a 132-acre (0.53 km2) area and forms an integral part of the tourist setup making it one of the greenest stretches in the adjoining area. The spacious lawns and the scenery on view make this resort a great place to relax and people visit from as far away as Mumbai.
 Cat and Mouse is the fourth novel in the Alex Cross series by James Patterson. It revolves around Cross dealing with Gary Soneji the villain of Along Came a Spider and a serial killer known only as Mr. Smith.
 The Piraí River (Rio de Janeiro) is in the state of Rio de Janeiro in southeastern Brazil.
 Madecastalia albignaci is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Madecastalia.
 The Small Dotted Footman (Pelosia obtusa) is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found from central Europe through Asia to the Pacific Ocean.The wingspan is 12–28 mm for males and 16–28 mm for females. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from April to August.The larvae feed on moss algae and lichen. Larvae can be found in late summer. The species overwinters in the larval stage.
 Zorka Petrova Parvanova (Bulgarian: Зорка Петрова Първанова) (born 4 May 1958 in Razlog) is the wife of Georgi Parvanov the former President of Bulgaria.
 Happy Mother's Day Love George (also called Run Stranger Run) is an American mystery film.
 Cemetery Lips is an EP by American indie rock group Black Kids released by Columbia Records on April 7 2009 via digital download only. It contains six tracks three of which are remixes of tracks present on their previous release Partie Traumatic and three new tracks.
 Brink! is a 1998 Disney Channel Original Movie set in the backdrop of aggressive inline skating.
 The Durgavati River (also called Durgaoti or Durgauti and spelt as Durgawati) which flows through Kaimur district in the Indian state of Bihar is a tributary of the Karmanasa.
 Sweetnighter is Weather Report's fourth album released on Columbia Records in 1973. The group had recorded the songs in a five day stretch during February of the same year. It was to be the last album to feature founding member Miroslav Vitouš as the primary bassist. It is considered to be the most stylistically transitional release by the band as it bridged the gap between the more open improvisational earlier style to a more compositionally structured format.
 La Chaire a Calvin is a rock shelter near the village of Mouthiers-sur-Boëme in the Département of Charente situated in the vallée du Gersac. The shelter is on a cliff which faces south east.
 Black Sheep of the American Dream is the sixth studio album by Death by Stereo released in April 2012. It is their first album released on Viking Funeral Records.
 The New York State Armory was built in 1880 on Broadway in Newburgh New York USA. Designed by John A. Wood it housed a local unit of the New York National Guard. In the 1930s the Guard moved to a newer armory on South William Street and the old building fell vacant and became property of the city.
 Love's Crazy is the solo album from 112 member Slim. It was released on November 18 2008. The first single from the album is So Fly featuring Yung Joc. The second single is Good Lovin' featuring Ryan Leslie and Fabolous. The third single is scheduled to be the remix to Heels On featuring Yung Berg and Deezo.
 Speakeasy (1929) was an early talking sports drama film directed by Benjamin Stoloff and adapted by Frederick Hazlitt Brennan and Edwin J. Burke. The picture was produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation. Lola Lane and Paul Page played the lead roles. John Wayne age 22 had a minor role in the film.All film elements to this movie are considered lost but Vitaphone-style discs of the soundtrack survive.
 The Warsaw Spire is an office building under construction in Warsaw Poland.It will be the second tallest building in Warsaw and in Poland upon its completion in 2014.
 Crónica de Dos Grandes (Eng.: Chronicle of Two Idols) is a compilation album released by the Mexican groups Los Bukis and Bronco. This album became the third number-one album for Los Bukis and the second for Bronco in the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart. A special edition was released in 2005 titled Crónica de Dos Grandes: Recuerdos con Amor.
 Cratoplastis barrosi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guyana Amapa Brazil and Venezuela.
 William Harrison Bill Cleaveland (born December 14 1950) is an American politician and jurist. He was a Republican member of the Virginia House of Delegates 2010–2012 representing the 17th district which included parts of Botetourt and Roanoke Counties and the city of Roanoke in the western part of the state. On January 30 2013 he was sworn in as a judge of the General District Court of Botetourt and Craig Counties.
 Shadow of Egypt is a 1924 British silent adventure film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Carlyle Blackwell Alma Taylor and Milton Rosmer. A European adventurer tries to steal from an ancient Egyptian tomb only to become afflicted by a myserious curse.The film was shot on location around Cairo in Egypt.
 Sacred Arias: The Home Video is the second DVD released by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli.It was filmed in the Roman church of Santa Maria Sopra Minerva in Rome in 1999 where he gave a concert conducted by Myung-whun Chung singing the arias of his previous album Sacred Arias. The PBS Great Performances program was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Classical Music-Dance Program during the 2000 Emmy awards.
 Michel Am-Nondokro Djotodia (born c. 1949) is a Central African politician who was President of the Central African Republic from 2013 to 2014. He was the first Muslim to hold that office in the mainly Christian country. Djotodia was a leader of the almost entirely Muslim Séléka rebel coalition in the December 2012 rebellion against President François Bozizé.
 For the 1979 album by Sonny Rollins see Don't Ask (album). For other uses see Don't ask (immigration policy).Don't Ask is the second album by Australian singer Tina Arena released by Columbia Records in Australia on 21 November 1994 (see 1994 in music). Arena co-wrote all of the songs on the original release of the album which was produced by David Tyson.
 The Ritzville Carnegie Library located in Ritzville Washington is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1907 with a grant from Andrew Carnegie and still operates as Ritzville's library. It was designed by the Spokane architectural firm of Preusse & Zittel.
 Margav-e Sofla (Persian: مرگاوسفلي‎ also Romanized as Margāv-e Soflá; also known as Margāb-e Soflá) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 28 families.
 The Cathedral of St. Mary Byzantine Catholic Church is a parish church and proto-cathedral of the Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Phoenix serving the Ruthenian Eastern Catholic population of Los Angeles California United States. It was the first Byzantine church in California. It is located on Sepulveda Boulevard in Sherman Oaks Los Angeles California.
 The OC Post was a daily newspaper for Orange County California that existed from August 21 2006 to February 2008. Chartered by Freedom Communications who also own and operate the Orange County Register it was an attempt to condense a standard newspaper into a more modern tabloid format.Unlike other new tabloid style newspapers throughout the US the OC Post charged for its publication whether for home delivery or newsstand.
 Jakob Mathias Antonson Lothe (14 November 1881 – 17 June 1975) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party of Norway (Norwegian: Venstre).
 Arthur Wallace Skrine (born 1885) was a British colonial administrator who was governor of Mongalla Province in the South of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan from 1924 to 1929.Skrine was born on 21 March 1885 son of Duncan William Hume Skrine and his wife Amy née Hanham the third of five children.He attended Trinity college Glenalmond and Oxford University.In 1927 he married Evelyn (born in Stroud Gloucestershire in 1894) daughter of Frederick Winterbotham.Joining the Sudan Political Service Skrine served in Khartoum in 1908 in Fung Province from 1909 to 1912 in Dongola from 1913 to 1917 and in Kassala from 1918 to 1922. 
 Mexican Manhunt is a 1953 American crime film directed by Rex Bailey and starring George Brent Hillary Brooke and Morris Ankrum. A Los Angeles-based author travels to Mexico to search for a celebrated journalist who disappeared there many years before.
 The Lesser Small-toothed Rat or Western Small-Toothed Rat (Macruromys elegans) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in West Papua Indonesia.
 Sengapadai (Tamil: செங்கப்படை) is a village 30 km southwest of Madurai city and 10 km southwest of Thirumangalm.This village was created by Koon Pandiyan (Tamil: கூன் பாண்டியன்) a Pandiya King in the banks of Gounda River as a military base. This village was known as Sengol Padai (Tamil: செங்கோல் படை) (English: Military of Throne) and later it became Sengappadai.
 Zagrepčanka is a business building located in Zagreb Croatia. The address is Savska 41 on the Savska Road and Vukovar Avenue intersection.
 Drinkwater is a village in Saskatchewan located on a branch of the Canadian Pacific Railway 18 miles south-east of Moose Jaw and is named for Charles Drinkwater an original director of the railway. It can be reached via Saskatchewan Highway 39.
 Diplomatic History is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the foreign relations history of the United States. It is the official journal of the Society for Historians of American Foreign Relations and is published by Oxford University Press. The journal was established in 1977 and the editor-in-chief is Thomas W. Zeller (University of Colorado Boulder). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.254.
 The Building at 8—22 Graves Avenue is a historic rowhouse at 8-22 Graves Avenue just outside the downtown area of Northampton Massachusetts. The Queen Anne style brick rowhouse was built in 1887 for Doctor Silas R. Cooley. The property is unusual because brick was not then a common building material for housing in the Connecticut River valley and because the rowhouse style of construction was also rare in the area.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Sarkahnan (Persian: سركهنان‎ also Romanized as Sarkahnān; also known as Sarkahnū) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Gardiner Railroad Station is located in Gardiner Maine. The train station was built in 1911 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 29 1982.
 Hi wsp people Kashwakamak Lake is a freshwater lake in North Frontenac Frontenac County Ontario Canada. It is located east of Cloyne and southeast of Bon Echo Provincial Park.The lake is 15 kilometres (9 mi) long 0.75 kilometres (0.5 mi) wide has a surface area of 1159.8 hectares (2866 acres) with a rocky shoreline and a maximum depth of 22 metres (72 ft) and lies at an elevation of 260 metres (853 ft).
 Ophelia Ford is a member of the Tennessee Senate. She is the younger sister of former state senator John Ford and former Congressman Harold Ford Sr. and the aunt of former Congressman Harold Ford Jr. She represents Senate District 29 located in South Memphis and North Memphis.John Ford who had been a member of the Tennessee Senate for over 30 years resigned in 2005 after he was indicted in Operation Tennessee Waltz.
 The Wappingers Falls Historic District is in the center of that village in Dutchess County New York United States. It is a 90-acre (36 ha) area roughly centered along South Avenue and West Main Street NY 9D and Wappinger Creek.
 Stowe Pool is a reservoir located in the city of Lichfield Staffordshire. The reservoir was built in 1856 by the South Staffordshire Waterworks Co. in order to supply clean water to the Black Country. Before 1856 Stowe Pool existed as a mill pond with Stowe mill located just to the west of St Chad’s Church. Since 1968 the reservoir has not been used for supply and is now a public amenity used for recreation purposes.
 Dia:Beacon Riggio Galleries is the museum for the Dia Art Foundation's collection of art from the 1960s to the present. The museum which opened in 2003 is situated on the banks of the Hudson River in Beacon New York. Dia:Beacon occupies a former Nabisco box-printing facility that was renovated by Dia with artist Robert Irwin and architects Alan Koch Lyn Rice Galia Solomonoff and Linda Taalman then of OpenOffice.
 The Venus Throw is a historical novel by American author Steven Saylor first published by St. Martin's Press in 1995. It is the fourth book in his Roma Sub Rosa series of mystery novels set in the final decades of the Roman Republic. The main character is the Roman sleuth Gordianus the Finder.
 Woodrow Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church at 1109 Woodrow Road in Woodrow Staten Island New York. It was built in 1842 and is a wood frame clapboard sided temple form Greek Revival style building. It features a portico with four Doric order columns supporting a plain entabulature and unadorned pediment. Above the portico is a three stage open bell tower and spire in a vernacular Italianate style added in 1876.
 Salem First United Methodist Church is a Methodist congregation and historic church in Salem Oregon United States. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places under its original name First Methodist Episcopal Church of Salem in 1983. First United is the oldest Methodist church west of the Rocky Mountains and is a designated United Methodist Heritage Landmark.
 The Hood-Anderson Farm is a historic home and farm located in Eagle Rock North Carolina a suburb of the state capital Raleigh. The house was built in 1839 and is an example of Greek Revival architecture. In April 1999 the Hood-Anderson Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Elliot Minor is the debut album from the English pop rock band Elliot Minor. The album was released on 14 April 2008.
 Autophila anaphanes is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the eastern part of the Mediterranean including the Balkans Cyprus Turkey Lebanon and Israel.There is one generation per year. Adults are on wing from April to June.The larvae feed on Genista and Ulex species.
 Kimtah Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington in a cirque to the west of Kimtah Peak and east of Cosho Peak. Both Kimtah and Cosho Peaks are prominent summits along a ridge known as Jagged Edge. Kimtah Glacier is just under 1 mi (1.6 km) in width and descends northward from 8100 to 7000 ft (2500 to 2100 m) and has four lobes.
 Passion: The Road to One Day is the pre-One Day studio album. 'The Road to OneDay' features the new songs of Passion from today's top collegiate worship leaders. A powerful soundtrack of worship and prayer preparing the hearts of a generation of college students for OneDay 2000 igniting prayers for awakening across the land.
 Fahrenbach (Rosbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The San Roque Lake is a reservoir (artificial lake) in the province of Córdoba Argentina. It was created by the damming of several rivers especially the Suquía and the Cosquín. It is located next to the city of Villa Carlos Paz about 600 m above mean sea level. It has a surface area of 16 km² an average depth of 16 m and a maximum volume of 180 million m³.The dam was initially built to provide fresh water for the capital and its surroundings.
 The Bavarian Alps (German: Bayerische Alpen) are a mountain range in the north-eastern part of the Alps.
 Ubieszyn [uˈbʲɛʂɨn] (Ukrainian: Убішин Ubishyn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tryńcza within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Tryńcza 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Przeworsk and 44 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Digervarden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Dellamora philippinensis is a species of beetle in the Dellamora genus. It was discovered in 1930.
 Pararrhynchium is a palearctic and indomalayan genus of potter wasps.
 Ken Burns Jazz: John Coltrane is a compilation album by jazz musician John Coltrane. It is part of a series of tie-in compilations from various labels to the PBS miniseries Ken Burns Jazz.
 Siraj is a daily newspaper in Malayalam language. It was established in 1984. The newspaper belongs to Thoufeeque Publications. It is published from Calicut Thiruvananthapuram Kochi Kannur  Dubai and oman. The head office of the newspaper is at Calicut. The editor is VPM Faisy Villyapalli. It has five editions.
 Paul Tine is Democratic member of the North Carolina House of Representatives serving since 2013. Tine is also an insurance agent.
 The Truth of Lie (Die Wahrheit der Lüge) is a German psycho-thriller directed by Roland Reber. It was released in 2012.
 Alas and Alack is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. A print of the film survives in the National Film Archive.
 Thitarodes malaisei is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Bryk in 1946 and is known from Myanmar.
 James Walker Ross (March 18 1885 – January 16 1941) was a Canadian politician.Born in Athelstan (Hinchinbrooke) Quebec Ross was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Huntingdon in 1939. A Liberal he died in office in 1941.
 The Dandelion Girl is a science fiction short story written by American science fiction author Robert F. Young. The story roughly 5600 words first appeared in The Saturday Evening Post on April 1 1961. The story was later republished in a Robert F. Young short story collection in 1965 called The Worlds of Robert F Young: Sixteen Stories of Science Fiction and Fantasy.
 Fidkuiyeh (Persian: فيدكوئيه‎ also Romanized as Fīdkū’īyeh and Fīd Kū’īyeh; also known as Bīd Kū”īyeh and Fītkū’īyeh) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District in the Central District of Kuhbanan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 12 families.
 Trithemis hecate is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Botswana Chad the Democratic Republic of the Congo Gambia Guinea Kenya Liberia Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Namibia Senegal South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and rivers.
 Etna Furnace also known as Mount Etna Furnace Aetna Furnace and Aetna Iron Works is a historic iron furnace complex and national historic district located at Catharine Township Blair County Pennsylvania. The district includes five contributing buildings six contributing sites and two contributing structures. It encompasses a community developed around an iron furnace starting in 1805. Included in the district is the four-sided stone furnace (1808) gristmill site (c.
 We Can Breathe under Alcohol is the second full length album by An Angle.
 The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms was N. K. Jemisin's debut novel the first book of The Inheritance Trilogy. The fantasy novel was published 2010 by Orbit. It is a winner of the 2011 Locus Award for Best First Novel the Romantic Times Reviewers' Choice Award and it has been nominated for the Hugo Nebula Crawford Gemmell Tiptree and World Fantasy awards.
 Hotel Ottumwa now known as the Parkview Plaza is an historic structure located in downtown Ottumwa Iowa United States. It was designed by the Des Moines architectural firm of Proudfoot Bird and Rawson. The six-story brick structure rises 71.5 feet (22 m) above the ground. The hotel which was completed in 1916 was built by a group of Ottumwa businessmen who believed the city needed a luxury-class hotel.
 Inspiral Carpets is the working title for the fifth studio album by the British indie rock band of the same name due out in September 2014. The album is their first in 20 years.It was announced in January 2014 on the official Inspiral Carpets web site. It will include their last two singles You're So Good For Me and Fix Your Smile plus 10 new tracks.
 The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal in the field of clinical nutrition.According to the Journal Citation Reports it has a 2009 impact factor of 6.307 ranking it third among 66 journals in the category Nutrition & Dietetics.The journal was established in 1952 and is published by the American Society for Nutrition.As of June 2009 the journal's editor-in-chief is Dennis M.
 Eduardo Brenta (born 8 February 1959 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan politician. A member of the Broad Front in 1989 he took part in the establishment of the moderate sector Vertiente Artiguista.In 2010 he was appointed Minister of Labour and Social Security.
 Sichuan Food is a Sichuan cuisine restaurant in Amsterdam Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 1993-2005.The Michelin star awarded in 1993 to the restaurant was the first one awarded to a Chinese restaurant in the Netherlands.
 Vukovina is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D30 highway.
 Mount Strahan (42°14′S 145°31′E) is a mountain directly east of Macquarie Harbour on the West Coast of Tasmania Australia. It lies to the west of the main north-south line of the mountains of the West Coast Range and like Mount Sorell dominates the east side of the harbour near Sarah Island.It was named by Thomas Bather Moore.
 Lick is a lunar crater that has been flooded with basaltic lava. The north rim is attached to the smaller bowl-shaped crater Greaves. Lick lies on the southwest edge of Mare Crisium. Its rim is broken at the north and south ends and the southwest rim is attached to the crater remnant Lick A.
 The Scalloped Oak (Crocallis elinguaria) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is a common European species.This is a distinctive species usually with yellow forewings with a broad orange-brown band and a pointed apex. There can be considerable variation with the central band sometimes the same colour as the rest of the forewing ranging from pale yellow to orange-brown. Melanic forms are also known. There is always a blackish discal spot on the forewing. The hindwings are plain whitish.
 Safarabad (Persian: صفراباد‎ also Romanized as Şafarābād) is a village in Razan Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 25 families.
 The Old Tejon Pass (orig. Tejon Pass) is a mountain pass in the Tehachapi Mountains linking Southern and Central California. The pass is located in Kern County California fifteen miles to the northeast of the present Tejon Pass. It runs at the top of a divide between a point about 5 miles east of the Rancho Tejon boundary in Tejon Creek Canyon and Cottonwood Creek Canyon north of Antelope Valley.
 Cheshmeh Seyyed Safari (Persian: چشمه سيدصفري‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Seyyed Şafarī) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 30 families.
 Cypress Gardens was a botanical garden and theme park near Winter Haven Florida that operated from 1936 to 2009. As of 2011 the botanical garden portion had been preserved inside the newly formed Legoland Florida.
 Crushin' is the fourth hip-hop album by The Fat Boys. This would be their breakout album. Charting top ten on both Billboard Pop and R&B album charts. A cover version of The Surfaris' hit Wipe Out with The Beach Boys singing back-up vocals made it to #12 on the Billboard chart and #10 on the corresponding R&B listing. After being unavailable for over a decade the album was rereleased on the iTunes Store in early 2013.
 Ptakowice [ptakɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbrosławice within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Zbrosławice 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Tarnowskie Góry and 25 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 748.
 Ningaluk River (also Ninglick River) is a channel 44 miles (71 km) long between Baird Inlet and Hazen Bay on the west coast of the U.S. state of Alaska. Flowing generally west it enters the bay north of Kigigak Island. The bay about 110 miles (180 km) west of Bethel is on the Bering Sea.The U.S. Marine Corps has been working to create emergency shelter roads homes and an airfield in nearby Mertarvik for 400 Yupik Eskimo displaced from Newtok along the Ninglick River.
 The Contemporary Arts Center (CAC)—one of the first contemporary art institutions in the United States—is a pioneering contemporary art museum located in Cincinnati Ohio. The CAC is a non-collecting museum that focuses on new developments in painting sculpture photography architecture performance art and new media.
 Vincebus Eruptum (/vɪŋˈkeɪbəs ɪˈrʌptəm/) is the debut studio album by American rock band Blue Cheer. Released in January 1968 the album featured the band's classic lineup of vocalist and bassist Dickie Peterson guitarist Leigh Stephens and drummer Paul Whaley. A commercial and critical success Vincebus Eruptum peaked at number 11 on the Billboard 200 albums chart and spawned the top-20 hit cover of Eddie Cochran's Summertime Blues. It is lauded as one of the first heavy metal albums.
 Template:Needs-sourcesthis page does not provide any sources Encyclopedic content must be verifiable. from wikipedia--no way to verify First Boy is a novel published in 2005 by Gary Schmidt. It was a Mark Twain Award nominee for the 2007-2008 year.
 Nangal Khurd is a small village in the Hoshiarpur district of Punjab India. The total area of the village is 15 square kilometres and population is around 1300. Nangal khurd is situated 4 km from Mahilpur on Mahilpur-Phagwara Road(Via-Pasta).The current Sarpanch is Mr. Kuldeep Singh. Village has one Govt school One Govt Dispensary. Most of population of this village is BAINS Jatt caste.Sant Baba Harnam Singh Bains ji born in this village and lived their childhood there.
 Four Points by Sheraton is an 18 story hotel in Niagara Falls Ontario. The hotel was originally constructed as the Renaissance Hotel later changing to the Fallsview Plaza Hotel and then finally to the Four Points by Sheraton in April 2010. It is connected directly to the Niagara Fallsview Casino by an indoor walkway. It is one of many Fallsview Hotels in the area.
 Inspira Health Network is a charitable nonprofit health care organization formed in November 2012 by the merger of South Jersey Healthcare and Underwood-Memorial Hospital. It is affiliated with the Jefferson Medical College Our Lady of Lourdes Medical Center and Philadelphia College of Pharmacy among others. UMH is home to over 1800 full and part-time employees and a medical staff of almost 400.
 Earth Interactions is a scientific journal published by the American Meteorological Society American Geophysical Union and Association of American Geographers.Earth Interactions is an electronic journal dealing with the interactions between the lithosphere hydrosphere atmosphere and biosphere in the context of global issues or global change.
 The Rimutaka Range (often called the Rimutakas) is one of several mountain ranges in the North Island of New Zealand that form a ridge running parallel with the east coast between East Cape and Wellington.
 Minidisc is the only full-length release by Gescom. The album was originally only released in minidisc format but was later pressed to CD. In addition the album has been released on bleep.com. The personnel for this album were Sean Booth and Rob Brown (alias Autechre) and Russell Haswell (from Or Records).
 Burnbank Fell is a small hill in the west of the English Lake District. It is the most westerly of the Loweswater Fells a group of low grassy hills lying just south of Loweswater. The hill is predominantly grassy with sprawling flanks and a broad ridge connecting it to Blake Fell. It can be climbed from Lamplugh in the west or from Waterend on the lakeshore.
 The George Gale House is an historic double house at 14-16 Clinton Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The two story frame house was built c. 1853 and is unusual as a double house in the Italianate style. It has typical Italianate features including a central gable on the front facade and elaborately decorated front porch and deep eaves with brackets.
 The Kalama River is a 45-mile (72 km) tributary of the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington. It flows entirely within Cowlitz County Washington. Calama River is an old variant name.The river is named for John Kalama a Hawaiian employee of the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) and a Kanaka who made a living making containers for the salted salmon exported by the HBC. He drowned in the river.
 Gypsonoma sociana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Europe to Russia.The wingspan is 12–15 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.The larvae burrows into a twig of a Populus or Salix species and later occupies a leaf bud.
 Joseph-Adélard Godbout (September 24 1892 – September 18 1956) was an agronomist and politician in Quebec Canada. He served as the 15th Premier of Quebec briefly in 1936 and again from 1939 to 1944. He was also leader of the Parti Libéral du Québec (PLQ).
 Theodore Ted V. Kondrich is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Brandywine Creek is a 3.0-mile-long (4.8 km) tributary of Quittapahilla Creek in Lebanon County Pennsylvania in the United States.It rises in northeastern Lebanon County and flows southwest through Lebanon through the limestone hill country south of the Appalachian Mountains. It joins Quittapahilla Creek west of the center of Lebanon.
 Imagine Magazine was a monthly magazine dedicated to the first edition Advanced Dungeons and Dragons and Dungeons and Dragons role playing game systems published by TSR UK Limited.
 Lysbeth: A Tale of the Dutch is a 1901 novel by H. Rider Haggard.
 Interference is an early sound film drama released in 1928 and starring William Powell and Evelyn Brent. This was Paramount Pictures' first ever full talking movie. It was also simultaneously filmed as a silent. The film was based on the play Interference a Play in Three Acts by Roland Pertwee and Howard Dearden.
 Eilema conspicua is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1924. It is found in Madagascar.
 Benthomangelia trophonoidea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 The Other Invisible Hand is a non-fiction book written by the economist Julian Le Grand. The primary focus of his book is increasing taxpayer sovereignty by developing a market in the public sector.The title of the book refers to Adam Smith's invisible hand.
 Ammu Swaminadhan or Ammukutty Swaminadhan (1894–1978) was an Indian social worker and political activist during the Indian independence movement and a member of the Constituent Assembly of India.
 Chithara is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Palaephatus fusciterminus is a moth of the Palaephatidae family. It is found in the Valdivian forests of southern Argentina and Chile.The length of the forewings is 10-12 mm for males and 10.5-11.5 mm for females. Adults have a buff to brown head and thorax and dark brownish fuscous forewings with a pale buff hindmargin. They are on wing from October to March possibly in multiple generations per year.
 Kavachi is one of the most active submarine volcanoes in the south-west Pacific Ocean. Located south of Vangunu Island in the Solomon Islands it is named after a sea god of the New Georgia Group islanders and is also referred to locally as Rejo te Kavachi (Kavachi's oven’).
 Xylormisa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Ocean Parkway Jewish Center is a historic synagogue at 550 Ocean Pkwy. in Kensington Brooklyn New York New York. It was built between 1924 and 1926 and is a three story plus basement and attic stone clad Neoclassical style building. It has a two story addition. The front facade features three round-arched entrances and the second and third stories are organized as a temple front.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Francis Frank Oliver PC (September 1 1853 – March 31 1933) was a politician and journalist from old Northwest Territories and later Alberta Canada.Born in Peel County Canada West Oliver learned Journalism in Toronto Ontario. In 1880 he moved west and founded the Edmonton Bulletin with his wife Harriet Dunlop (1863-1943).
 Dicastria temporalis is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae the only species in the genus Dicastria.
 Deewana Main Deewana is a 2013 Bollywood romantic comedy film starring Govinda Priyanka Chopra Kader Khan Prem Chopra Johnny Lever and Shakti Kapoor directed by K. C. Bokadia. The film was released worldwide on February 1 2013. This film was shot approximately ten years ago. The film is a Hindi remake of Tamil film Priyamudan directed by Vincent Selva.
 Murderaz (Persian: موردراز‎ also Romanized as Mūrderāz) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Church of St Teilo is the parish church of Llantilio Crossenny Monmouthshire Wales. An unusually grand cruciform church with an Early English tower crossed by a Decorated chancel it was designated a Grade I listed building on 19 November 1953The church is dedicated to Saint Teilo.
 Zielęcice [ʑɛlɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 The Chieftains in China is an album released by the Irish musical group The Chieftains in 1985. In 1983 the Chieftains were the first Irish musicians to visit China and the first ever Western musical group to play on the Great Wall of China. The album was the end result of this trip and was recorded in China and Hong Kong by Brian Masterson of Windmill Lane Studios.
 Forgotten Realms Adventures is an accessory for the fictional Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the second edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. The book with product code TSR 2106 was published in 1990 and was written by Jeff Grubb and Ed Greenwood with cover art by Clyde Caldwell and interior art by Steven Fabian Ned Dameron Larry Elmore Caldwell and Jeff Easley.
 Gašo Knežević (15 September 1953 – 14 March 2014) was a Serbian law scholar a professor at the University of Belgrade's Law School and was the best known for serving as Serbia's Education Minister.Between October 2000 and January 2001 he served as the Minister of Higher and High Education in the Interim Government formed after the fall of Slobodan Milošević.
 When We Leave (German: Die Fremde) is a 2010 German drama film produced written and directed by Austrian filmmaker Feo Aladag. The film received worldwide acclaim and represented Aladag’s debut as a producer writer and director. When We Leave tells the story of a young German/Turkish mother’s struggle for self-determination between two systems of values. It is a multi-layered story about honor intolerance and the unshakeable belief in a harmonious coexistence.
 William Warrender Mackenzie 1st Baron Amulree GCB KBE PC KC (19 August 1860 – 5 May 1942) known as Sir William Mackenzie between 1918 and 1929 was a British barrister public servant and Labour later National Labour politician. He served as Secretary of State for Air under Ramsay MacDonald between 1930 and 1931.
 Lakhau is a village in Sibsagar district Assam India.
 The Chilean Skua (Stercorarius chilensis) is a large predatory seabird which breeds in Argentina and Chile but ranges as far north as Brazil and Peru when not breeding. A relatively distinctive skua it has a dark cap that contrasts with its cinnamon throat and lower face.
 Leucoptera melanolitha is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family that is endemic to Australia.They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Gyani Nand (1943 – 23 July 2007) was a Fijian politician of Indian descent.
 The Arroyo Seco (dry riverbed usually called the Arroyo Seco River[citation needed]) is a major tributary of the Salinas River in central California. 40 miles (64 km) long it drains a rugged semi-arid area of the Coast Ranges and a portion of the agricultural Salinas Valley.
 Asgiriya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 State Politics & Policy Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of political science. The journal's editor-in-chief is Thomas Carsey (University of North Carolina). It was established in 2001 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the State Politics Section of the American Political Science Association.
 Jacaré River (Purus River) is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Shark Tale is a 2004 American computer-animated comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation. It tells the story of a young fish named Oscar (voiced by Will Smith) who falsely claims to have killed the son of a shark mob boss to win favour with the mob boss' enemies and advance his own community standing.
 The Schwalm is a river in Hesse Germany right tributary of the Eder. It rises on the north side of the Vogelsberg Mountains. It flows north through Alsfeld Schwalmstadt and Borken. The Schwalm flows into the Eder near Wabern east of Fritzlar after a total length of 97 km. In the 19th century many Schwalms of German origin moved to the Topeka Kansas region in the United States. A Schwalm museum is situated in the greater Topeka area today.
 Nucleic Acids Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press. It covers research on nucleic acids such as DNA and RNA and related work. Some of its content is available under an open access license. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal's 2012 impact factor is 8.278.
 Ithyektyphus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 The Manhan River is a 27.6-mile-long (44.4 km) river in western Massachusetts. It is a tributary of the Connecticut River.The river begins near the boundary between the towns of Huntington and Westhampton Massachusetts and flows southeast to White Reservoir and then Tighe Carmody Reservoir in Southampton. The river continues southeast then turns northeasterly and flows through the middle of Easthampton to its confluence with the Connecticut River at a westward curve called The Oxbow.
 Olivier J. LeBlanc (November 27 1830 – December 14 1919) was a Canadian politician of Acadian descent.Born in Memramcook New Brunswick the son of Joseph LeBlanc and Victorie B. Girouard LeBlanc was educated at Common Schools. A farmer he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick in 1882. His election in 1882 was protested but he was reelected in a by-election held later that year.
 Palandöken Mountain (or shortly Palandöken) is a 3271 m (10732 ft) high tectonic mountain in Erzurum Province Turkey. The summit is at a distance of only 10 km (6 mi) from Erzurum city center which itself extends at an elevation of 1950 m (6398 ft).
 Cairn Gorm (Cairngorm) (Gaelic: An Càrn Gorm meaning Blue or Green Hill) is a mountain in the Scottish Highlands overlooking Strathspey and the town of Aviemore. At 1245 metres (4084 ft) it is the sixth highest mountain in the United Kingdom. It has given its name to the whole range although these hills are properly known as Am Monadh Ruadh (the Red Hills) rather than the Cairngorms.
 Oreshets Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Harmanli in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Planetary Brigade is a comic book series published by Boom! Studios. It was created by Keith Giffen J.M. DeMatteis and Joe Abraham. Originally a two issue mini-series Planetary Brigade is a sister book to Hero Squared and shares some of the same characters.
 Lace webbed spider is a name given to two common species of house spiders of the genus Amaurobius; A. similis and A. fenestralis. The spiders are often found near windows hence the Latin root of the name A. fenestralis with A. similis later defined as a separate but similar species and being named accordingly. Lace webbed spiders vary in body size from 7 mm to 12 mm with large strong legs. While the species are similar with the young virtually indistinguishable A.
 Journey to the Land of the Traveller (Persian: سفری به دیار مسافر‎ Safari be diār-e mosāfer) is a 1993 Iranian documentary film directed by Bahman Kiarostami.
 Karabağ is a village in the District of İncirliova Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 408 people.
 Perspectives in Vascular Surgery and Endovascular Therapy is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the field of angiology. Its editor-in-chief is Peter Gloviczki (Mayo Medical School). It was established in 1988 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 Joanna & 王若琳 is the second studio album by Joanna Wang released in January 2009. It comprises two discs given two separate titles: the first also titled Joanna & 王若琳 is described in this article; disc 2 is titled The Adult Storybook under the name New Tokyo Terror. The album's title includes Wang's English and Chinese names thereby reflecting the duality of the singer and the songwriter. The first disc displays the performer and includes covers of works by other artists.
 Tor Royal is a Grade II listed building near Princetown Dartmoor in the English county of Devon.
 Bara River (Pashto: باړه سیند‎; Urdu: دریائے باڑہ ‎) is a river in Khyber Agency and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pakistan. The Bara River originates in the Tirah Valley of Bara Tehsil Khyber Agency. It joins the Kabul River Canal which originates from the Warsak Dam and enters Peshawar. Then it flows in the North-easterly direction to the Nowshera District eventually joining the Kabul River near Camp Koruna Akbarpura.
 Zap Comix is an underground comics which was part of the youth counterculture of the late 1960s.
 Love Among the Walnuts: or How I Saved My Family from Being Poisoned is a children's book written by Jean Ferris.
 Interzone is an album by American composer John Zorn developed to pay tribute to the influence of writers William S. Burroughs and Brion Gysin and released on Zorn's Tzadik label in 2010.
 Myelois is a genus of small moths belonging to the family Pyralidae.
 Elachista fucosa is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in the dry interior areas of Queensland New South Wales South Australia and Western Australia.The wingspan is 6.4–9 millimetres (0.25–0.35 in). The forewings are pale grey and the hindwings are grey.
 Four Seasons Hotel Chicago is a part of the Toronto-based Four Seasons chain of luxury hotels and resorts. It is one of the two Four Seasons Hotels in Chicago the other the Ritz-Carlton (Four Seasons) is located just a few blocks away. It is located in downtown Chicago on the north end of the Magnificent Mile overlooking Lake Michigan.
 Lac du Chambon is a lake in Isère Rhône-Alpes France. At an elevation of 1040 m its surface area is 1.4 km².
 Misery is a 1990 American psychological horror thriller film based on Stephen King's 1987 novel and starring James Caan Kathy Bates Lauren Bacall Richard Farnsworth and Frances Sternhagen. Directed by Rob Reiner the film received critical acclaim for Bates's performance as the psychopathic Annie Wilkes and Bates won the 1990 Academy Award for Best Actress for her role making Misery as of 2014 the only Stephen King adaptation to be an Oscar winning film.
 Celestial Navigation is a 1974 novel by Anne Tyler. This is her 17th novel.
 Sang Garan Kuh (Persian: سنگ گران كوه‎ also Romanized as Sang Garān Kūh) is a village in Darjazin-e Olya Rural District Qorveh-e Darjazin District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 60 families.
 Sparkling Cyanide is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in February 1945 under the title of Remembered Death and in UK by the Collins Crime Club in the December of the same year under Christie's original title.
 Harmonia Hall is a meeting hall in Waumandee Wisconsin which was originally used by the Harmonie Gesellschaft a group of German and Swiss Freethinkers. The Harmonie Gesellschaft founded in Waumandee 1861 built the hall in 1890 for the group's meetings and events. Joseph Schafer a carpenter from Arcadia designed and built the hall in the Mid 19th Century Revival style.
 Tut-e Seyyed Mohammad (Persian: توت سيدمحمد‎ also Romanized as Tūt-e Seyyed Moḩammad) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 55 families.
 KKKill the Fetus is the third studio album by Esham. Released in 1993 the album's lyrics focus on subjects such as abortion and murder. The album which has been cited as an iconic horrorcore album has been praised for its genre-defining production and lyrics. The single Sunshine received very heavy radio play nationally. The music video for HeltersKKKelter was featured on an episode of Yo! MTV Raps in 1994.
 Brooke Allison is the debut album by pop singer Brooke Allison which was released on June 19 2001. The album includes songs written by Mýa Meredith Brooks and Allan Rich. It's so crazy - in a good way - because the album has so many musical styles Allison has said of the album.
 The Hits Album 6 or Hits 6 is a compilation that was released in July 1987 by CBS WEA and BMG in the UK. It was a successful album and reached #1 and achieved a Platinum BPI award.
 Quzlujeh (Persian: قوزلوجه‎ also Romanized as Qūzlūjeh) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 544 in 106 families.
 Jetzt geht's ab! is the debut album of the German hip-hop group Die Fantastischen Vier.Originally released by Sony in 1991 the album was the first to feature exclusively German-language rap. Two members of Die Fantastischen Vier Smudo and Thomas D decided to create an album entirely in German after a visit to the United States inspired them. It is said that “it became apparent to them that they had nothing in common with the rappers of Los Angeles and that U.S.
 Tsubasa is the sixth compilation album by Japanese singer Mikuni Shimokawa released on August 5 2009.The album was released on CD and DVD in one package. Regional distribution other than Japan also includes Taipei Shanghai Guangzhou Hong Kong and Seoul.[citation needed]
 Neset or Nesset is a village in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located on a peninsula in the Trondheimsfjord just west of the town of Levanger and north of Alstadhaug. Its population in 1999 was 245 but since 2001 it has been considered a part of the Levanger urban area.
 Bruce Burns is a Republican member of the Wyoming Senate representing the 21st district since 2003. He previously served in the House from 1995 to 2002.
 Om Prakash Jindal (Hindi: ओम प्रकाश जिन्दल) (7 August 1930 – 31 March 2005) popularly known as O.P. Jindal was born in Hisar Haryana. He established a successful business enterprise Jindal Steel and Power under the flagship of the Jindal Organization of which he was the chairman. In November 2004 Jindal was awarded the prestigious Life Time Achievement Award for his outstanding contribution to the Indian Steel Industry by the Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
 Beinn Bhrotain (Scottish Gaelic: Hill of the mastiff) or Ben Vrottan is a Scottish mountain in the Cairngorms range 18 kilometres west of Braemar in the county of Aberdeenshire.
 Teleny or The Reverse of the Medal is a pornographic novel first published in London in 1893. The authorship of the work is unknown. There is a general consensus that it was an ensemble effort but it has often been attributed to Oscar Wilde. Set in fin-de-siècle Paris its concerns are the magnetic attraction and passionate though ultimately tragic affair between a young Frenchman named Camille de Grieux and the Hungarian pianist René Teleny.
 Toeachizown is the second studio album by American neo-boogie musician Dâm-Funk released on October 27 2009 by Stones Throw Records. Album was produced by Leon Sylvers III a record producer of SOLAR Records and a member of 70s disco group The Sylvers. The album heavily draws influences from 80s funk post-disco electro boogie P-funk sci-fi music of the 1970s and the 1980s and other eighties-influenced music. The album was generally well received by critics.
 Heat (HEAT-灼熱-) is a seinen manga written by Yoshiyuki Okamura and illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami. It was serialized in Big Comic Superior from 1999 to 2004. In 2002 it received the Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga.
 Live at the Village Vanguard Vol. II is a live album by Paul Motian's Trio 2000 + Two recorded at the Village Vanguard and released on the German Winter & Winter label in 2008.
 Misunderstood (Italian: Incompreso) is a 1966 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Comencini. It was entered into the 1967 Cannes Film Festival.
 Oxford Mail is a daily tabloid newspaper in Oxford England owned by Newsquest. It is published six days a week. It is a sister paper to the weekly tabloid The Oxford Times.
 Harry Andrew Moore (February 21 1914 – July 3 1998) was a retired dairy farmer and a Canadian member of Parliament from 1962 to 1972.Moore first ran for a seat in the Canadian House of Commons in the 1962 federal election. He defeated a field of 3 candidates by comfortable margin to win the Wetaskiwin electoral district. Parliament would be dissolved a year later when the minority Progressive Conservative government fell. This forced the 1963 federal election.
 Rajko Kuzmanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Рајко Кузмановић; born 1 December 1931) is a Bosnian Serb politician in Bosnia and Herzegovina. He served as President of the Republic of Srpska from 7 December 2007 to 15 November 2010.He succeeded the Acting President Igor Radojičić. Kuzmanović won the election against Ognjen Tadić of the Serbian Democratic Party with 41.33% of the vote.
 Coloconger eximia is an eel in the family Colocongridae (worm eels/short-tail eels). It was described by Peter Henry John Castle in 1967 originally under the genus Ascomana. It is a marine deep-water dwelling eel which is known from Cape Peninsula South Africa in the southeastern Atlantic Ocean.
 Macromolecular Theory and Simulations is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering polymer science. It publishes Reviews Feature Articles Communications and Full Papers on all aspects from macromolecular theory to advanced computer simulation. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.709.
 Baffled! is a 1973 television movie intended as a pilot for a television series. The story is part of the occult detective sub-genre.Race car driver Tom Kovack (played by Leonard Nimoy) suddenly begins to experience psychic visions. He meets Michelle Brent (played by Susan Hampshire) an expert on the paranormal and the two form an unlikely partnership. Kovack's visions draw them into an occult themed mystery at a remote inn on the English coast.
 Fractale (フラクタル Furakutaru) is an 11-episode Japanese anime television series produced by A-1 Pictures and Ordet and directed by Yutaka Yamamoto. The story was developed by Hiroki Azuma and the screenplay was written by Mari Okada with original character design by Hidari. The anime aired in Japan between January and March 2011 on Fuji TV's Noitamina programming block. A manga illustrated by Mutsumi Akasaki was serialized in Square Enix's Gangan Online between September 2010 and November 2011.
 Partie de cartes (also known as Card Game and The Messers. Lumière at Cards (USA) or A Quiet Game of Écarté) is an 1895 French short black-and-white silent film directed and produced by Louis Lumière and starring Antoine Féraud.
 Prochola obstructa is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 The Museum of English Rural Life (MERL) is a museum dedicated to recording the changing face of farming and the countryside in England. It houses designated collections of national importance that span the full range of objects archives photographs film and books.The museum is run by the University of Reading and is situated in Redlands Road to the rear of that institution's London Road Campus near to the centre of Reading in southern England.
 St. Peter’s Catholic Church is a parish of the Diocese of Des Moines. The church is located in Council Bluffs Iowa United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as St. Peter’s Church and Rectory.
 Henbury Hall is a country house located about 1 mile (1.6 km) to the southwest of the village of Henbury Cheshire England. The present house was built in the 1980s in Neo-Palladian style its design being based on Palladio's Villa Rotonda.
 The Daniel Building is a 20 story 238 foot (86 m) office building located in downtown Birmingham Alabama. Built in 1970 the building originally served as a regional office for the engineering and construction company Daniel International. It also served as the corporate headquarters for Daniel International's real estate division Daniel Realty which today is known as Daniel Corporation. In 1993 Compass Bancshares bought the building from Daniel Corporation.
 Sayeeda Hussain Warsi Baroness Warsi PC (Urdu: سعیده حسین وارثی‎ born 28 March 1971) is a British solicitor and politician of Pakistani origin who was created a life peer in 2007. From May 2010 to September 2012 she was the Co-Chairman along with Lord Feldman of the Conservative Party and a Minister without Portfolio in David Cameron's Cabinet.
 Demain à Nanguila (or Nanguila Tomorrow) is a 1969 Malian film.
 Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz (Polish pronunciation: [kaˈʑimʲɛʂ mart͡ɕinˈkʲevʲit͡ʂ] ) (born December 20 1959 in Gorzów Wielkopolski) is a Polish conservative politician who served as Prime Minister of Poland from October 31 2005 to July 14 2006. He was a member of the Law and Justice party (Prawo i Sprawiedliwość PiS).
 Lerchenberg (Schwarzwald) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Protocol is a 1984 comedy film that starred Goldie Hawn and Chris Sarandon. The screenplay was by Buck Henry and it was directed by Herbert Ross.Hawn plays a Washington D.C. cocktail waitress who prevents the assassination of a visiting Arab emir and winds up a national heroine.
 St Paul’s Church is an Anglican church on St Paul's Square Burton upon Trent Staffordshire England. The church opened in 1874 and was designed by the architects James M. Teale and Edmund Beckett Denison with later additions by G.F. Bodley. Since 2005 St Paul’s has been part of a parish with St Aidan's Shobnall. It is in the diocese of Lichfield.
 Tri Sestry (Russian: Три сестры the three sisters) is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Urup Island Kuril Islands Russia.
 Omonia Square (Greek: Πλατεία Ομονοίας Plateía Omonoías pronounced [plaˈtia omoˈnias] Concord Square often simply referred to as Omónia [oˈmonia]) is a central square in Athens. It marks the northern corner of the downtown area defined by the city plans of the 19th century and is one of the city's principal traffic hubs. It is served by Omonia train station.
 Hoseynabad-e Katak (Persian: حسين ابادكتك‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Katak; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 35 families.
 Roche Veyrand is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Chartreuse Mountains range. It has an elevation of 1429 metres above sea level.
 Vellaripravinte Changathi (Malayalam: വെള്ളരിപ്രാവിന്റെ ചങ്ങാതി) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Akku Akbar starring Dileep and Kavya Madhavan in the lead roles. The film is loosely based on the famous Sulekha murder case.
 Terence Trent D'Arby's Vibrator* (*Batteries Included) is Terence Trent D'Arby's fourth album released in 1995 on Columbia Records. It featured the hit Holding on to You which peaked at #20 on the UK charts.
 Live at the Musicians Exchange Cafe (also released as What's New? The Real McCoy and Hip Toe) is a 1987 live album by McCoy Tyner released on the Who's Who in Jazz label. It was recorded in July 1987 and features performances by Tyner with Avery Sharpe and Louis Hayes.
 The Video Collection is the name of a music video DVD compilation by popular Greek singer Anna Vissi released by Sony Music in 2001 in Greece and Australia. The DVD contains music videos from Anna Vissi's songs.
 Kalukkuray Maaplay is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Suresh and produced by Sreenath Raju. Vishnu and Bindu Madhavi feature in the leading roles while D. Imman composes the film's music.
 The First Line is a 2011 album by Marcellus Hall. It is his first full-length album and was released under the Glacial Pace label. The album which includes a booklet of drawings by Marcellus has been compared to the likes of Robyn Hitchcock. His drawing work is well-known and the covers of The New Yorker and Time magazines are in his repertoire.
 Rajiv “Raj” Shah (born March 9 1973) is the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development USAID. He was confirmed by the Senate on December 24 2009. In this role Shah leads more than 9600 professionals in 80 missions around the world and manages an annual budget of over 22 billion dollars.
 Seduced by Moonlight is the third novel in the Merry Gentry series by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 The Conțeasca River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Mount Kaplan is a massive mountain the highest in the Hughes Range of Antarctica standing 5 km (3 mi) southeast of Mount Wexler.The mountain was discovered and photographed by Admiral Byrd on the Baselaying Flight of November 18 1929 and surveyed by A.P. Crary in 1957–58. Crary named it for Joseph Kaplan the chairman of the U.S. National Committee for the IGY 1957–58.
 The Do Ouro River (Rio Grande do Sul) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Kopaniny [kɔpaˈninɨ] (German: Krebskathen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Light and the Sufferer is an American science-fiction film starring Paul Dano Paz de la Huerta Michael Esper and Paul D'Amato and directed by Christopher Peditto. It is based on a short story by Jonathan Lethem.The film is about two brothers who try to leave New York City for a new life in California only to find their plans and lives changed forever by the appearance of a mysterious alien.
 Oreovica is a village in the municipality of Žabari Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 862 people.
 David Lee Wilson (born January 8 1950 in Lincoln Delaware) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Delaware House of Representatives since January 13 2009 representing District 35.
 Sushila Kerketta (27 April 1939 - 19 October 2009) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. She represented the Khunti constituency of Jharkhand and was a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party. Kerketta married Nottrott Kerketta and had 3 sons and 2 daughters. Nottrot pre-deceased her. She died of a heart attack on October 19 2009 at the age of 71.
 Deer Park Tavern is a historic hotel located at Newark in New Castle County Delaware. It was built in 1851 on the land where the remains of the burned down St. Patrick's Inn had resided since 1747. It is a 3 1⁄2-story U-plan building with nine bays at the south front facade. The building is constructed of wood joists with brick and masonry load bearing walls with Greek Revival elements.
 Natural Bridge is an album by American banjoist Béla Fleck released in 1982. Bela Fleck was a young bluegrass player whose work with such bands as Spectrum and the New Grass Revival pushed the envelope of bluegrass tradition and contributed to the development of the New Acoustic movement spearheaded by mandolinist David Grisman guitarist Tony Rice and others. Influenced by Bill Keith and Tony Trischka he moved the banjo sound much further than anyone could imagine.
 A Plague of Frogs is a non-fiction environmental book written by William Souder and published in 2000 by Hyperion Press. The book elaborates on the issue of mutated frogs and the implications for humans. Structurally the book is divided into two parts.
 St Leonard's is an Anglican parish church in Middleton Greater Manchester England. It was designated a Grade I listed building by English Heritage in 1957.Much of the present building was erected in 1412 by Cardinal Thomas Langley (born in Middleton in 1363) who served as Bishop of Durham and Lord Chancellor of England. He re-used the Norman doorway from an earlier structure to create the tower arch.
 B-Sides & Rarities 1996–2003 is compilation album by the band Eels released in 2005 exclusively via the iTunes Store. Eels also released a physical compilation of B-sides and rarities in 2008 called Useless Trinkets: B-Sides Soundtracks Rarities and Unreleased 1996–2006 that included all of these tracks except the Flyswatter remix.
 Nelson Parliament was Speaker of the Legislature of Ontario from 1920 to 1923 and was first elected as a Liberal MLA for Prince Edward in the 1914 provincial election. He was born in 1877 at Ameliasburgh Ontario.The United Farmers of Ontario won the 1919 general election with a caucus made up entirely of newcomers. Without any experienced member who could serve as Speaker the new Premier E.C. Drury turned to the opposition benches and asked Parliament to take on the position.
 Shair (Urdu: شاعر‎) is the oldest Urdu-language literary magazine based in Mumbai India. It was launched in Agra in 1930 by the famous poet Seemab Akbarabadi. Its editor-in-chief is the poet writer and journalist Iftikhar Imam Siddiqui and the assistant editors are his two brothers Noaman Siddiqui and Hamid Iqbal Siddiqui.
 Bellypha (28 February 1976 – after 2001) was an Irish-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. Despite never winning a Group One race Bellypha was one of the highest-rated racehorses of his generation in Europe at both two and three years of age.
 Heated is the third album by Sean T. It was released on September 9 2000 for his own label Get Gone Records and was entirely produced by Sean T.
 Dulha Ganga Paar Ke is a musical Bhojpuri film released in 1986 and directed by Rajkumar Sharma.[citation needed] The songs were composed by Laxman Shahabadi.[citation needed]
 The Midland Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. The branch offers the Multnomah County Library catalog of two million books periodicals and other materials.
 The rare Gorgeted Wood Quail Odontophorus strophium is a small ground-dwelling bird. This tiny member of the New World quail family has been found in the larger oak forest remnants in the eastern Cordillera (Serrania de Yariguies and NorAndino Oak Forest Corridor) section of Colombia.Its natural habit are humid subtropical and temperate forests that mave mainly oak and laurel trees.
 Greetings from Imrie House is the debut of The Click Five. It was released on August 16 2005 and reached #15 on the U.S. Billboard 200. It contains singles Just the Girl Catch Your Wave and Say Goodnight and an iTunes single Pop Princess.
 Turtles Can Fly (Persian: لاک پشت ها هم پرواز می کنند Lakposhthâ ham parvaz mikonand Kurdish: Kûsî Jî Dikarin Bifirin Turkish: Kaplumbağalar Da Uçar) is a 2004 Kurdish war drama film written produced and directed by Bahman Ghobadi with notable theme music composed by Hossein Alizadeh. It was the first film to be made in Iraq after the fall of Saddam Hussein.
 Hasanabad-e Tavakkoli (Persian: حسن ابادتوكلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Tavakkolī; also known as Ḩasanābād and Ḩasanābād-e Tavakkol) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 5 families.
 A House Without Boundaries (Spanish: La casa sin fronteras) is a 1972 Spanish drama film directed by Pedro Olea. It was entered into the 22nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Gădălin River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 Boxley Abbey Barn is a large medieval barn in Boxley Kent. It is a remnant of the buildings of the mostly demolished Boxley Abbey. The barn is 186 feet (57 m) long aligned with its long axis roughly east-west and was built in the late 13th or early 14th century. It is constructed of local ragstone with two storeys and a plan tiled gable roof. Irregularly sized and placed windows and doors punctuate each of its façades.
 Paulinus Igwe Nwagu (born 12 June 1959) is a Nigerian politician who was a representative for Ezzra North/Ishielu constituency of Ebonyi State Nigeria in the House of Representatives. In the April 2011 national elections he was elected Senator for Ebonyi Central running on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform.
 Integral is a limited edition 26 CD box set of the works of renowned flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucía. All works have been remastered from the original source tapes.
 The Waag is a former Weigh house in Haarlem that today serves as a café catering to tourists.
 Stake Land is a 2010 American vampire film in the zombie apocalypse vein directed by Jim Mickle and starring Nick Damici who cowrote the script with Mickle. It also stars Connor Paolo Danielle Harris and Kelly McGillis. The plot revolves around an orphaned young man being taken under the wing of a vampire hunter known only as Mister and the battle for survival in their quest for a safe haven.
 The Green-backed Becard (Pachyramphus viridis) is a species of bird in the Tityridae family. It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae where now placed by SACC. It often includes the Andean Yellow-cheeked Becard (Pachyramphus xanthogenys) as a subspecies.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Guyana Paraguay Uruguay and Venezuela.
 Delphaciognathus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Godyris cleomella is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.
 La Royère Castle (French: Château de la Royère) is a ruined medieval castle in Néchin in the municipality of Estaimpuis province of Hainaut Belgium.
 Wolf City is the fifth studio album released by the German Krautrock band Amon Düül II.Like its predecessor Carnival in Babylon Wolf City is a more conventional recording than the band's earlier albums with shorter track times and more straightforward song structures. This was likely due to the band's increasing commercial popularity both at home and in the UK.
 Gordon R. Dickson's SF Best is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Dell in 1978 and was edited by James R. Frenkel. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Analog Science Fiction and Fact Fantasy and Science Fiction Satellite and If.
 King Edward Tower is a proposed skyscraper to be constructed on Leeds Street in Liverpool England. The tower was first proposed in 2007 received funding in 2008 and was altered pending approval in 2010. The estimated cost of the development is £130 million. If built the tower will become the tallest structure of any kind in Liverpool taking the title from West Tower.
 Physical & Occupational Therapy in Pediatrics is a medical journal that delivers information vital information to all therapists involved in developmental and physical rehabilitation of infants children and youth. Designed for PT and OT pediatric professionals in hospitals rehabilitation centers schools and health and human services agencies the journal provides clinical research and practical applications.
 The Goops books originally published between 1900 and 1950 were created by the artist art critic poet author and humorist Gelett Burgess. The characters debuted conceptually in the illustrations of Burgess' publication The Lark in the late 19th century. The Goops also appeared in panels in the popular monthly children's publication St. Nicholas as early as 1898.
 R. A. Gunawardana was the 31st Surveyor General of Sri Lanka. He was appointed in 1971 succeeding C. Vanniasingam and held the office until 1973. He was succeeded by A. M. Cumaraswamy.
 Electrona paucirastra the Belted lanternfish is a lanternfish found around the globe in the southern hemisphere between 35° S and 48° S. It grows to a length of 7.0 centimetres (2.8 in) SL. It is a mesopelagic species which can be found close to surface at night-time.
 The Little Molasses River is an 11.4-mile-long (18.3 km) river in Gladwin County Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of the Molasses River which flows to the Tittabawassee River and is part of the Saginaw River watershed.
 Thorius omiltemi is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Chersotis capnistis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most parts of the Near East and Middle East west central Asia eastward to western China and Afghanistan southward to north and southwest Iran and the Levant.Adults are on wing from July to October. There is one generation per year.
 Mesto pored prozora (trans. A Seat by the Window) is the fourteenth studio album from Serbian rock band Galija released in 2010.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at Church St. in Valatie Columbia County New York. It was built in 1878 and is a one story rectangular building built of face brick with limestone trim in the High Victorian Gothic style. It features three very steep gable roofs surfaced with polychrome slate dormer windows a porte cochere and an engaged brick tower capped by an open belfry.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 There's No Love in Rock and Roll is a 6-page comic book story from True Life Romance No. 3 published by Ajax in August 1956. The plot concerns defiant teenager Shirley and the irritation she causes her parents by dating a boy who loves rock and roll.
 Live at The Triple Door is a live album recorded and released by The Courage in 2008 when they were still known as Noah Gundersen & the Courage. The set was performed at the venue and lounge 'The Triple Door' in Seattle Washington. It is the only recording by The Courage to feature the full band.
 The Wild Weißeritz (German: Wilde Weißeritz Czech: Divoká Bystřice) is a river in the Czech Republic and in the German state of Saxony which drains the eastern Ore Mountains. It is the longest tributary of the Weißeritz.The valley of the Wild Weißeritz is almost free of settlements.
 Nesah-ye Olya (Persian: نسه عليا‎ also Romanized as Nesah-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Neseh-ye Anjīreh and Neyseh Anjīreh) is a village in Sepidar Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 8 families.
 Libris Mortis: The Book of Undead is a book which is an official supplement for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons and Dragons role-playing game.
 Waldo Bennett Ben Rose is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives serving from 1973-1986. Presently he is the Assistant Director of the Ohio Department of Health.
 George Anson Bruce (November 19 1839 – 1929) was a Massachusetts politician who served as a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives on the Board of Aldermen and as the fourth Mayor of Somerville Massachusetts; and as a member and President of the Massachusetts Senate.
 Fool's Gold is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Laurence Trimble. A copy of the film survives in the National Film and Television Archive.
 Climatic Change is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering cross-disciplinary work on all aspects of climate change and variability. It was established in 1978 and the editors-in-chief are M. Oppenheimer (Princeton University) and G. Yohe (Wesleyan University).
 HM Prison Deerbolt is a male juveniles' prison and Young Offenders Institution located in the Village of Startforth (near Barnard Castle) in County Durham England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Pârâul Purcăreței is a tributary of the Valea Hotarului River in Romania.
 Carabus akinini ketmenensis is a black or brown-coloured subspecies of ground beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Kazakhstan. The males of the subspecies are ranging from 20–22 millimetres (0.79–0.87 in) long.
 Dr. Gaddam Vivekanand (born 30 November 1957) is an Indian politician and Member of Parliament in the 15th Lok Sabha. He represents Peddapalli parliamentary constituency. His political party is the Telangana Rashtra Samithi.On March 31 2014 he re-joined congress quoting that he left congress earlier for telangana now that telangana was given it is time to get back to the party which he and his family were loyal to for decades.
 The Varner–Hogg Plantation State Historic Site is a historic site operated by the Texas Historical Commission. The site was the home of former Governor of Texas James S. Hogg and his family. The site is located outside of West Columbia in Brazoria County.
 Ghalib ki Haveli (Urdu: غالب کی حویلی‎ ALA-LC: G̱ẖālib kī Ḥawelī IPA: [ˈɣɑːlɪb kiː ɦəˈʋeːliː] lit.
 Street Sounds Electro 5 is the fifth compilation album in a series and was released 1984 on the StreetSounds label. The album was released on LP and cassette and contains nine electro music and old school hip hop tracks mixed by Bunny Rock Inc. featuring DJ Maurice and DJ Noel.
 Decline and Fall of the Freudian Empire is a 1985 book about Sigmund Freud and psychoanalysis by psychologist Hans Eysenck.
 The Dansk Evangelical Lutheran Kirke is a Lutheran church in Hartland Wisconsin located at 400 West Capitol Drive which was built in 1910 for the Danish-speaking Lutheran congregation of the town.
 Worlds Apart is the third studio album by the English anarcho-punk band Subhumans. It was released shortly after the band's initial demise in 1985.
 Gazeran (Persian: گازران‎ also Romanized as Gāzerān; also known as Gazrah and Kāzerūn) is a village in Farmahin Rural District in the Central District of Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 209 in 52 families.
 National grid reference NR94549588Blackmill Loch is an impounding reservoir constructed in 1964 and is one source of water for the Lochgair Hydroelectric Scheme.
 Trouble Boys is a 2013 studio album by the Swedish dansband Lasse Stefanz. It was released on 19 June 2013 and topped the Sverigetopplistan the official Swedish Albums Chart on 28 June 2013.The album stayed for seven weeks at number 1 position making it one of the most successful Swedish albums of 2013 alongside Mando Diao's Infruset and Gyllene Tider's Dags att tänka på refrängen.It was also released in Norway where it reached number 2 on the Norwegian VG-lista official albums chart.
 Olivier Guichard (27 July 1920 – 20 January 2004) was a French politician. He was born in Néac and joined the French Army in 1944 and served until the end of World War II during which he earned the Médaille militaire and the Croix de guerre. At the end of his life he also was a grand officer of the Légion d'honneur.In 1947 he joined the gaulliste mouvement. He occupied variouse local elected offices. He has been a member of parliament and several time minister.
 Karate-Robo Zaborgar (電人ザボーガー Denjin Zabōgā) is a 2011 Japanese film directed by Noboru Iguchi. The film is a remake of the 1970s show Denjin Zaborger.
 Dark Harvest is a 2004 slasher horror film written and directed by Paul Moore.
 Zamanabad (Persian: زمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Zamānābād) is a village in Rabatat Rural District Kharanaq District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ngairea is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 Schizopus is a genus of beetles in the family Schizopodidae containing the following species: Schizopus laetus LeConte 1858 Schizopus sallei Horn 1885↑
 Golder Cottage is one of the oldest surviving colonial houses in Upper Hutt New Zealand. The house is used as a museum of colonial domestic life.John Golder a road builder in Wellington built the cottage in 1876-77. Around the same time he married Jane Martin and together they raised 12 children in the house. The cottage remained in the family for over 100 years until the Upper Hutt City Council bought the property.
 Batāshi Kingyo (バタアシ金魚) is a Japanese manga series by Minetarō Mochizuki. It was adapted into a live action film directed by Joji Matsuoka in 1990.
 Prof. Sheikh Saidul Haque is a Professor Indian Politician and is Member of Parliament of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Bardhaman-Durgapur constituency of West Bengal and is a member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) political party.Haque has also published a book Moulabad and Muslim Janamanas (Fundamentalism and Muslim Mentality).
 WISH A Collection of Janice's Top Hits With 4 additional New singles. 'Wish' '心有不甘' '殘酷遊戲' and '你的眼神'. From 4 of the new songs released '心有不甘' lyrics was re-wrote from the original song '梦醒时分' and '你的眼神' was also changed into a Cantonese version from the song '你的眼神' by Tsai Chin. The album also comes with a total of 17 Music Video of Janice's New Songs and some of her Classic Hits.
 Book of Secrets is the second album from British progressive rock band Balance of Power. It was released in 1998. Book of Secrets is the first album of the band to feature Lance King on vocals.
 The Williamson's marsupial frog (Gastrotheca williamsoni) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Charles Ramsay Devlin (29 October 1858 – 1 March 1914) was a Canadian politician who was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the Canadian House of Commons in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec and an Irish MP in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
 Duża Cerkwica [ˈduʐa t͡sɛrkˈfit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Krajeński within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kamień Krajeński 10 km (6 mi) north of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 370.
 The Charm School is a 1988 thriller novel by Nelson DeMille.The title refers to a Soviet training facility where Russian spies are trained to infiltrate American society and the book deals with the U.S. response to this school. According to DeMille's August 2009 newsletter the novel will be rewritten for the screen by Frank Pearson. The motion picture will be directed by Ericson Core.
 Staverden is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is located in the municipality of Ermelo about 5 kilometres east of Ermelo. It received city rights in 1298. With 40 inhabitants it is today the smallest place with that traditional title in the Netherlands.
 Benjamin Franklin Newhall was an American businessman abolitionist politician and writer.
 Rano Karno (born 8 October 1960) is an Indonesian actor and politician. From his acting career he is known for starring in the 1979 film Gita Cinta dari SMA. On 30 October 2011 he was elected Deputy Governor of Banten.
 Ron Saunders was a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives from the 120th District which includes all of Monroe County and parts of Miami-Dade County from 1986 to 1994 and again from 2006 to 2012. Saunders was born in Key West in 1954 to Jack A. Saunders a State Representative from 1960 to 1964 who served as a United States magistrate judge from 1978 to 1981.
 Qoli Kandi (Persian: قلي كندي‎ also Romanized as Qolī Kandī; also known as Gulkandi) is a village in Mojezat Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 210 in 54 families.
 Hallucinations: Psychedelic Pop Nuggets from the WEA Vaults is a 2004 compilation album released by Rhino Handmade one of two new compilations using the Nuggets name. As with all Rhino Handmade releases it was only available online and a limited amount of copies were pressed. All 7500 copies are currently sold out.The title comes from the first track performed by Baker Knight & the Knightmares. As the title suggests all 24 tracks were taken from the library of the Warner Music Group.
 Nidagal is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Stigmella tormentillella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Germany to the Pyrenees and Italy and from France to Romania.The larvae feed on Potentilla alba Potentilla aurea Potentilla crantzii Potentilla erecta Potentilla reptans and Potentilla tabernaemontani. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a corridor that widens significantly at the end and may occupy an entire leaf segment.
 Smarzykowo [smaʐɨˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 46.
 Chojnowo [xɔi̯ˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tolkmicko within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Tolkmicko 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Elbląg and 83 km (52 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Octopussy and The Living Daylights (sometimes published as Octopussy) is the fourteenth and final James Bond book written by Ian Fleming in the Bond series. The book is a collection of short stories published posthumously in the United Kingdom by Jonathan Cape on 23 June 1966.The book originally contained just two stories Octopussy and The Living Daylights with subsequent editions also carrying firstly The Property of a Lady and then 007 in New York.
 Cryptotriton or Hidden Salamanders is a genus of salamander in the Plethodontidae family endemic to Mexico Honduras and Guatemala.
 Ulinia [uˈliɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Wicko 23 km (14 mi) north of Lębork and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 51.
 Yūichirō Itō (伊藤 祐一郎 Itō Yūichirō born November 17 1947) is the governor of Kagoshima Prefecture in Japan first elected in 2004. A native of Izumi Kagoshima and graduate of the University of Tokyo he had worked at the Ministry of Home Affairs since 1972 before elected governor.
 Robertson County Courthouse in Springfield Tennessee dates from 1879. The building's north and south wings and central clock tower were added in 1929–30. The architects for the expansion were Edward E. Dougherty and Thomas W. Gardner of Nashville.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Laconia Daily Sun is a five-day (Tuesday through Saturday) free morning daily newspaper published in the city of Laconia New Hampshire United States covering Belknap County and the Lakes Region. Each publication day 18000 copies of the paper are distributed by bulk drops at more than 300 locations. There is no home delivery.
 George W. F. Mulliss House also known as Hartwood' is a historic home located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1929 and is a large 2 1⁄2-story neo-Georgian Revival-style dwelling built of limestone reinforced with steel. It measures 97 feet wide and 39 feet deep and consists of a seven bay central block with wings. Also on the property is a three bay 1 1⁄2-story garage.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Tuh Chah-e Falavand (Persian: توه چاه فلاوند‎ also Romanized as Tūh Chāh-e Falāvand Tūchāh-e Falāvand and Tūchāh Falāvand; also known as Tūchāh) is a village in Veysian Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Circle X (officially untitled) is an EP and the debut release by American experimental rock band Circle X. It was on 12 vinyl in 1980 in France through then-nascent record label Celluloid.
 The Trairão River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 William - The Detective is a book in the Just William series written ny James Panday gh it originally contained eleven: The eleventh entitled William and the Nasties was removed from the book later on because though ultimately anti-Nazi it was considered inappropriate after the Holocaust (it has been retained however in the Israeli edition)[citation needed].
 Skylark (also titled Skylark: The Sequel to Sarah Plain and Tall) is a sequel to the film Sarah Plain and Tall. It was followed by another sequel Sarah Plain and Tall: Winter's End. It aired in 1993 on CBS as a Hallmark Hall of Fame movie and now is regularly shown on Hallmark Channel. Glenn Close was nominated for the 1993 Primetime Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries.
 House of Love is the 14th album by singer-songwriter Amy Grant released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).House of Love was Amy's follow-up to her quintuple-platinum 1991 release Heart in Motion. Although House of Love sold less than half of what its predecessor sold it similarly combines pop music with Christian values. Lucky One was the album's biggest hit at No. 18 Pop and No.
 Pyhävesi is a medium-sized lake located in the southeast of Finland. The nearest town is Mäntyharju to the south. It belogs to Kymijoki main catchment area and to region Kymenlaakso.
 The Napasorsuaq (Danish: Kirkespiret) is a 1590m–high mountain in southern Greenland located in the Kujalleq municipality.
 The Mocho Mountains are a mountain range in south central Jamaica.
 Bitter Blood: A True Story of Southern Family Pride Madness and Multiple Murder (1988) is a non-fiction crime tragedy written by American author Jerry Bledsoe that reached #1 on the New York Times bestseller list. Bitter Blood is composed of various newspaper articles (from the Greensboro News and Record) and personal eyewitness accounts of several homicides in 1984 and 1985.
 Chimoré River (Spanish: Río Chimoré) is a river in Cochabamba Department Bolivia.
 The Cullman County Museum is a historical museum located in downtown Cullman Alabama on the corner of Arnold St. and 2nd Ave. N.E. It is housed in a replica of the home of Col. John G. Cullmann the founder of Cullman. The museum which opened in 1973 during the town's centennial collects and preserves items that illustrate life in Cullman's past including the area's natural history and its Native American and German settlers.
 Basra is the debut album by American drummer Pete La Roca recorded in 1965 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Carlos Alfredo Magariños (born August 16 1962) is an Argentine politician and former UN official.Magariños earned a master’s degree in Business Administration at the University of Buenos Aires. He continued in academia and was Associate Professor of Microeconomy (1986) Technical Coordinator in Research Methodology of Investigation (1987) and Assistant Professor of Foreign Trade Institutions (1989) in Buenos Aires. He also studied at the International Development Law Institute in Rome.
 The Spotted Sailer (Neptis saclava) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in southern Africa.Wingspan is 40–45 mm in males and 45–48 mm in females. Adults are on the wing year-round with peak from December to May.The larvae feed on Acalypha glabrata Combretum bracteosum Ricinus communis Australina and Pilea.
 Blue Ocean Strategy is a book published in 2005 and written by W. Chan Kim and Renée Mauborgne Professors at INSEAD and Co-Directors of the INSEAD Blue Ocean Strategy Institute. Based on a study of 150 strategic moves spanning more than a hundred years and thirty industries Kim & Mauborgne show that companies can succeed not by battling competitors but rather by creating ″blue oceans″ of uncontested market space.
 Dueña y señora (Owner and Lady) is a 1948 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Back and Forth Series 2 is a compilation album by industrial band Skinny Puppy. It consists of the entire Back and Forth release remixed from the original four-track tapes including raw live recordings and studio rarities.
 Grace is a 2009 film written and directed by Paul Solet. It is based on the 2006 short film of the same name. The short film was used to obtain funding for the feature version. Michael Matheson (Stephen Park) and his pregnant wife Madeline (Jordan Ladd) are involved in a car accident. Michael dies and doctors tell Madeline that her unborn child is dead too. Madeline desperate after trying to have a child for years decides to carry her baby to term anyway.
 Luisito M. Reyes (born October 11 1930) is the former Governor of the province of MarinduquePhilippines. He is the brother of former Immigration Commissioner Edmundo M. Reyes and the brother-in-law of incumbent Governor Carmencita Reyes. Luisito Reyes graduated from University of Sto. Tomas with a degree in Mechanical and Electrical Engineering and ranked 3rd on the mechanical engineering board exams and ranked 7th in the electrical engineering board exams.
 William Graham Swan (1821 – April 12 1869) was an American attorney and politician active primarily in East Tennessee during the mid-19th century. Swan served in the Confederate States Congress during the American Civil War and served one term as mayor of Knoxville Tennessee from 1855 until late 1856. He also helped establish the town of East Knoxville (later annexed by Knoxville) and served as its first mayor in the late 1850s.
 Huntington Lake is a reservoir in Fresno County California on Big Creek located in the Sierra Nevada at an elevation of 2120 meters (6955 ft). Several smaller streams also flow into the lake and it receives additional water from the underground tunnels of Southern California Edison's Big Creek hydroelectric project. Water from the lake flows into Big Creek but some is diverted by underground tunnels to the Eastwood Powerhouse which discharges into Shaver Lake.
 Cognitive Computation is an international peer-reviewed scientific journal interdisciplinary journal that publishes articles describing original basic and applied work involving bio-inspired computational accounts of all aspects of natural and artificial cognitive systems.
 Joseph P. Braig (born January 6 1937) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād; also known as Qezel Dang) is a village in Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 23 families.
 Casablanca (Spanish pronunciation: [kasaˈβlaŋka]) is a holocene stratovolcano in the Andes of Los Lagos Region Chile. It is located about 90 km east of the city of Osorno and host on its slopes the Antillanca ski resort.
 Drymaeus serperastrus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bulimulidae.
 Sběř is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Michael Raj is a 1987 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by V.C.Guhanathan and produced by D. Ramanaidu starring Raghuvaran in lead role supported by Madhuri Sarath Babu and Baby Shalini.
 Leuralla is a historic house in Leura a suburb in the City of Blue Mountains local government area 109 km west of Sydney in New South Wales Australia. The property is now the home of the Leuralla Toy & Railway Museum.
 Shaw House is a historic home and national historic district located at Fairmont Marion County West Virginia. The district includes two contributing buildings and two contributing structures. The main house was built in 1919 and is a 2 1/2 story dwelling in the Tudor Revival style. It features brick and stucco wall cladding punctuatedwith simulated half-timbering and tall chimney stacks. Also on the property are a contributing garage well house and entrance pavilion.
 The Dust of Death is a science fiction/mystery short story by Isaac Asimov that was first published in the January 1957 issue of Venture Science Fiction Magazine and reprinted in the 1968 collection Asimov's Mysteries.
 Szamanka (Polish pronunciation: [ʂaˈmaŋka] The Shaman) is a Polish-French-Swiss film released in 1996 directed by Andrzej Żuławski and adapted from a screenplay by Manuela Gretkowska. The film which was controversial upon its release in Poland is about the obsessive relationship between an anthropology professor and a disturbed woman only known as the Italian. The name of the film comes from the mummified shaman that is studied by the professor.
 The Tennessee Fire is the debut album by the rock band My Morning Jacket.
 Eois dissensa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Monte Pracaban is a mountain in the Valle Stura Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines.It is located on the boundary between the comune of Campo Ligure in Liguria and that of Bosio in Piedmont.
 Hooverphonic Presents Jackie Cane is the fourth album by the Belgian band Hooverphonic. It is a concept album telling the story of fictional singer Jackie Cane. The singles released from this album are The World Is Mine Sometimes and One.The story revolves around the fictitious character Jackie Cane who leaves her identical twin sister in order to become a professional singer.
 From Conception: Live 1981 is a live album by heavy metal band Dokken released in 2007.This album contains rare live recordings allegedly from 1981 before the band released its first album Breaking the Chains. However the performance is more likely to be from December 1983 as the set list exactly matches known set lists from that time.
 Interface Focus is the Royal Society's cross-disciplinary themed publication promoting research at the interface between the physical and life sciences.
 Yanaphaqcha (Quechua yana black phaqcha waterfall black waterfall hispanicized spelling Yanapaccha) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5460 metres (17913 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Yungay Province in the districts Yanama and Yungay. Yanaphaqcha lies in the Huascarán National Park south east of the Chakrarahu.
 Coranto Lake is a lake in the Sur Lípez Province Potosí Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 4382 m its surface area is 7.6 km².
 Wilson's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Chikilidae is a family of Indian caecilians the 10th and most recent (2012) family of caecilians (legless amphibians) to be identified though the type species Chikila fulleri (formerly Herpele fulleri) was first described in 1904. The discovery that this was a separate lineage resulted from genetic analyses of specimens collected during about 250 soil-digging expeditions over five years that covered every Northeast Indian state.
 James Joseph McCann PC (March 29 1886 – April 11 1961) was a Canadian politician born in Perth Ontario son of John A. McCann a mason and license-inspector and Mary Hourigan who were both of Irish descent.Although he consistently reported his own birth-date as March 29 1887 he was in fact born exactly one year earlier and was originally named as James Parnell McCann.
 Back Home is a children's historical novel by Michelle Magorian first published in 1984. The novel was adapted into a TV drama Back Home (1990) starring Hayley Mills and Haley Carr and again in 2001 starring Sarah Lancashire Stephanie Cole and Jessica Fox.
 Payback is a 2012 documentary film from Jennifer Baichwal based on Margaret Atwood's Payback: Debt and the Shadow Side of Wealth which investigates the concept of debt in societies across the world (and not only on a monetary level).As a Canadian Baichwal was quite familiar with Atwood's reputation:Her books are almost required reading if you grow up in Canada. I was almost nervous about meeting her because she’s so intelligent and articulate but she puts you so much at ease.
 Omersbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Shih Yen-shiang (Chinese: 施顏祥; pinyin: Shī Yánxiáng) is a politician in the Republic of China. He was the Minister of Economic Affairs in 2009-2013.
 Phylloxiphia formosa is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Sierra Leone Liberia and Ivory Coast to the Central African Republic Uganda and Tanzania south to Zambia.
 Rafael Ángel del Socorro Calderón Guardia was the president of Costa Rica from 1940 to 1944.
 The Museum of Art of Puerto Rico (Museo de Arte de Puerto Rico abbreviated MAPR) is an art museum in San Juan Puerto Rico.
 This Time I Almost Made It is the fourth studio album released by American country singer Barbara Mandrell released in 1974.This would be Mandrell's last album with her record company Columbia before the label dropped her. She would later switch to ABC/Dot and enjoy the most successful part of her career under the record company. This album spawned two singles that charted on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The first single the title track peaked at #12.
 The Felix M. Warburg House is a mansion located on 1109 Fifth Avenue and 92nd Street in the Upper East Side in New York City. Today the Jewish Museum (New York) is located there.The six-story mansion built in 1908 to designs by the architect C. P. H. Gilbert was constructed for the philanthropist Felix M. Warburg (d.1937).
 Mohsenabad-e Pain (Persian: محسن ابادپائين‎ also Romanized as Moḩsenābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Moḩsenābād) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 545 in 154 families.
 La Double Inconstance is a three-act romantic comedy by French playwright Marivaux. Its title is usually translated into English as The Double Inconstancy. La Double Inconstance was first performed 6 April 1723 by the Comédie Italienne. In this play a young woman is kidnapped from her lover by the prince of the country who loves her and intends to marry her.
 Boneh Posht (Persian: بنه پشت‎) is a village in Kiskan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 16 families.
 Pot Luck is a 1936 British comedy film directed by and starring Tom Walls. The screenplay is by Ben Travers based loosely on his 1930 stage play A Night Like This. It also featured Ralph Lynn Robertson Hare Diana Churchill and Martita Hunt. The cast included members of the regular Aldwych Farce company.
 The Cristeasa River is a tributary of the Storhașu River in Romania.
 Black-and-white colobuses (or colobi) ad their offspring. Newborn colobuses are completely white. Cases of allomothering are documented which means members of the troop other than the infant's biological mother care for it.Colobuses are important for seed dispersal through their sloppy eating habits as well as through their digestive systems.
 The Blăjelu River is a tributary of the Izvorul Lung River in Romania.
 Abardeh-ye Olya (Persian: ابرده عليا‎ also Romanized as Abardeh-ye ‘Olyā and Abardeh ‘Olyā; also known as Abar Deh-e Bālā Abardeh and Abardeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Shandiz Rural District Shandiz District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2152 in 630 families.
 Birendra Nagar is a village development committee (VDC) in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10482 people living in 1932 individual households. However the population now increased by more than three times and reached about 30 thousand. This VDC is located in about 150 km from kathmandu in the south west direction from the capitalcity of Nepal i.e. Kathmandu.
 Parrossaz is a mountain of Savoie and Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Aravis range. It has an elevation of 2556 metres above sea level.
 Rodrigo Lara Bonilla (August 11 1946 - April 30 1984) was a Colombian lawyer and politician who served as Minister of Justice under President Belisario Betancur and was assassinated by orders of Pablo Escobar because of his work as Minister in prosecuting cocaine traffickers mainly belonging to the Medellín Cartel.Lara's death led to Escobar's indictment for murder and a long running controversy over extradition in Colombia that would ultimately cost thousands of lives.
 Osgood Farm is a historic farmhouse at 116 Osgood Street in Andover Massachusetts.
 Pfeffer (Brenz) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum identifies and preserves the evolving history and traditions of country music and educates its audiences. Functioning as a local history museum and as an international arts organization the CMF located at 222 Fifth Avenue South in Nashville Tennessee United States serves visiting and non-visiting audiences including fans students scholars members of the music industry and the general public.
 It Should Happen to You (1954) is a romantic comedy film starring Judy Holliday and notable as the first major screen appearance of Jack Lemmon who was then an aspiring young actor. The film was directed by George Cukor and filmed on location in New York City. Screenwriter Garson Kanin originally intended the script as a vehicle for Danny Kaye but Kanin's wife Ruth Gordon suggested casting Judy Holliday instead.
 The Garden is Zero 7's third studio album. It was released in the United Kingdom on 22 May 2006 and in the United States on 6 June 2006.The album features vocal performances by José González Sia Furler and Henry Binns. It sees Zero 7 take a new more upbeat musical direction while still maintaining their original sound.[citation needed]The artwork for the album is by Gideon London and the CD was named after his collage.
 Karakul or Qarokul (Tajik: Қарoкул Black Lake) is a 25 km (16 mi) diameter lake in the Pamir Mountains in Tajikistan. It lies within the Tajik National Park. It was known as Lake Victoria in the 19th and early 20th centuries: It was named after Queen Victoria of Britain who was the grand mother to the last Czar of Russia as well.
 Colour Green is the debut album by actress and singer-songwriter Sibylle Baier. It was originally recorded between 1970 and 1973 but was not released until 2006.
 Lug (Hungarian: Laskó) is a settlement in the region of Baranja Croatia. Administratively it is located in the Bilje municipality within the Osijek-Baranja County. Population is 852 people.
 Ciudades Desiertas (Empty cities or Deserted Cities) is a 1982 novel written in Spanish by José Agustín. It is a mature work set in a small city in the United States around the early 1980s.
 Avicephala is a possibly polyphyletic and therefore disused clade of diapsid reptiles that lived during the Late Permian and Triassic periods. Many species had odd specialized grasping limbs and prehensile tails adapted to arboreal (and possibly aquatic) lifestyles.
 Maiden of the Cancer Moon is a live album by American psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service.
 Life Is...Too Short is the second studio album by Too Short. It was released in 1988 on Jive/RCA Records although it appeared as a Dangerous Music/RCA Records release until Jive Records logos appeared on the release on October 25 1989 after it became successful. It is currently his highest-selling album to date being certified double platinum by the RIAA for sales of over 2 million copies.[citation needed]
 Million Dollar Legs is the second album by The New Tony Williams Lifetime released in 1976 on Columbia Records. The album features the jazz fusion drummer Tony Williams with Allan Holdsworth Alan Pasqua and Tony Newton.
 Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalālābād; also known as Olang-e Shāhī) is a village in Abravan Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 541 in 134 families.
 The 7th of Never is the third studio album of the American heavy metal band Chastain released in 1987 through David T. Chastain's own record label Leviathan Records in the USA. In Europe the album was released by Massacre Records. The band members lived in different locations in the United States and recorded in different studios their parts which were later mixed by Steve Fontano at Prairie Sun Studios in California.
 K3: Prison of Hell is a 2009 pornographic horror film written and directed Andreas Bethmann. It is a spin-off of the 2004 film Notgeile Knastjulen zur Unzucht erzogen and its 2005 sequel.
 Simbari Khaleh (Persian: سيمبري خاله‎ also Romanized as Sīmbarī Khāleh; also known as Sīmbar Khāleh and Sīmbar Khāleh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Dinachal Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 517 in 112 families.
 The Small Carpathian Museum (aka Little Carpathian Museum) in Pezinok Bratislava Slovakia is a local museum with an emphasis on wine making.
 Superblues is an album by the drummer Pete York. Recorded live on tour in Germany in 1991 it was not released until 1994.It contains a version of John Lee Hooker's hit Dimples which was also the first single released by The Spencer Davis Group in 1964; and a cover of Ashton Gardner and Dyke's 1971 hit Resurrection Shuffle. The track Lover Man the full title of which is Lover Man (Oh Where Can You Be?) was a 1941 hit song specially written for Billie Holiday.
 Peze e Madhe is a village in the municipality of Pezë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Up in Central Park is a 1948 American musical comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Deanna Durbin Dick Haymes and Vincent Price. Based on the play Up in Central Park by Herbert Fields with a screenplay by Karl Tunberg the film is about a newspaper reporter and the daughter of an immigrant maintenance man who help expose political corruption in New York City in the 1870s.
 Sissel is a 1986 album from Norwegian singer Sissel Kyrkjebø. It was her debut album which contained different genres and styles. According to her ....The songs tell different facets of love. It was sold more than 400000 copies soon after the release making it the best selling album in Norway at that time in a country of less than 5 million population.
 Geppo il folle is a 1978 Italian musical-comedy film written directed and starred by Adriano Celentano.
 Hafız Ahmed Pasha (1564 Plovdiv Bulgaria – 10 February 1632 Istanbul) also known by epithet Müezzinzade (muezzin's son) was an Ottoman grand vizier. Born as son of a Pomak muezzin he went to Istanbul at the age of 15 and was an employee in the sultan's palace for many years.
 Stoki [ˈstɔki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skała within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Love It to Deathpunk is a best-of compilation album by the Norwegian band Turbonegro released in 2001 only in Australia. It features 17 songs selected from Turbonegro's first four studio albums and the Darkness Forever! live record. The album was released on Compact Disc and a limited 2000 copies were pressed.The title is a reference to the Alice Cooper album Love It to Death.
 The Definitive Collection is a 2001 greatest hits compilation album of all the singles released by Swedish pop group ABBA. It consisted of two discs: the first featuring the singles from 1972–79 (People Need Love to Does Your Mother Know) and the second including the singles from 1979–82 (Voulez-Vous to Under Attack) with the tracks being listed in chronological order.
 Tarik Darreh-ye Bala (Persian: تاريك دره بالا‎ also Romanized as Tārīk Darreh-ye Bālā; also known as Tārīk Darreh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 441 in 99 families.
 Kirbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Matabeleland Zambezi Water Project (MZWP) is an ambitious project being undertaken in the arid Matabeleland North province of Zimbabwe.The project seeks to end the perennial water shortages bedevelling Zimbabwe's second city of Bulawayo by bringing water from the mighty Zambezi river to the city.
 Soriano is a documentary on the life of Osvaldo Soriano by Eduardo Montes-Bradley. Soriano includes rare footage filmed by Osvaldo Soriano (The protagonist) and friends during the early 1960s. Shot in Milano Rome Paris Lintz Am Rhein Brussels and Buenos Aires the documentary follows on the footsteps of the Argentine writer in an attempt to reconstruct his life in exile after the military coup which forced many intellectuals in Argentina to seek refuge in Europe.
 Hajji Moharab (Persian: حاجي محارب‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Moḥārab) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 28 families.
 6 King Street is an historic house situated on King Street in Bristol England.It dates from c. 1665 but the present early Georgian frontage dates from about 1720. It is thought that the original roof had gables like those seen on the neighbouring 7 and 8 which were cut back to form the hips seen today. The interior retains many eighteenth century features.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.
 Fox Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Gumball Rally is a 1976 film directed and co-written by Charles Bail about a coast-to-coast road race. It was inspired by the Cannonball Baker Sea-To-Shining-Sea Memorial Trophy Dash run by Brock Yates which inspired several other films including Cannonball and Cannonball Run as well as the Gumball 3000 international race.
 Crowd Scene is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1989 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 Onésiphore Ernest Talbot (August 15 1854 – May 6 1934) was a Canadian politician.Born in St-Arsène Temiscouata County Canada East Talbot was educated at St. Michel and the Quebec Seminary. A farmer he was a member of the Council of Agriculture in the Province of Quebec and was awarded Quebec's Ordre national du mérite agricole. He was a Lieutenant-Colonel with the 17th Regiment de Lévis and Bellechasse.
 Hrabea ogumai is a species of oligochaete worm originally described by Yamaguchi in 1936 from specimens collected from subterranean waters in Sapporo. The genus is named after the great oligochaete specialist Dr. Sergej Hrabe and the species after Prof. K. Oguma.The body of Hrabea is 7–8 centimetres (2.8–3.1 in) long and consists of 146–183 segments. The body wall is thin and transparent but when illuminated shows a light green tint. It swims actively by lateral undulating movements.
 Shamsir (Persian: شمسير‎ also Romanized as Shamsīr) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District Moradlu District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 53 families.
 Çayırköprü is a village in the District of Aydıntepe Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 133 people.
 The Yangon River (also known as Rangoon River or Hlaing River) is formed by the confluence of the Pegu and Myitmaka rivers and is a marine estuary that runs from Yangon(also known as Rangoon) emptying into the Gulf of Martaban of the Andaman Sea. The channel is navigable by ocean-going vessels and thus plays a critical role in the economy of Burma.The Twante Canal connects the Yangon River with the Irrawaddy Delta or Ayeyarwady Delta once known as 'the rice bowl of Asia'.
 The Fearless Defenders was an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that debuted in February 2013 as part of the company's Marvel NOW! initiative. The series written by Cullen Bunn with artwork by Will Sliney centered on the Valkyrior a team of female superheroes led by Valkyrie and Misty Knight. Despite favorable reviews from critics the series ended in December 2013 after thirteen issues due to poor sales.
 Tschitscherinellus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Tschitscherinellus cordatus (Dejean 1825) Tschitscherinellus oxygonus (Chaudoir 1850)↑
 Hellblazer Presents: Chas – The Knowledge is a comic book limited series written by Simon Oliver with artwork by Goran Sudzuka and cover art by Glenn Fabry. It is a spin off from the Vertigo series Hellblazer featuring John Constantine's oldest and closest friend Francis 'Chas' Chandler.The first issue was printed in July 2008. The series ran for five issues which is now collected in a trade paperback format.
 Joseph Foster (born June 10 1959) is the current Attorney General of the State of New Hampshire. He was formerly a Democratic member of the New Hampshire Senate representing the 13th District from 2002 until 2008 and served as the State Senate Majority Leader in 2007 and 2008. Previously he was a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives from 1994 through 1998. On April 17 2013 he was confirmed to the office of Attorney General.
 Scoop is a 1987 TV film directed by Gavin Millar adapted by William Boyd from the 1938 satirical novel Scoop by Evelyn Waugh. It was produced by Sue Birtwistle with executive producers Nick Elliott and Patrick Garland. Original music was made by Stanley Myers. The story is about a reporter sent to the fictional African state of Ishmaelia by accident.
 Maximum Collection is a singles collection released by Japanese dance unit MAX. It was released on September 20 1999 on the avex trax label and reached N°1 on the Oricon weekly charts. The album compiled twelve of the group's then current singles (out of fourteen excluding the low selling first two ones) two of their B-sides and one track from the Maximum II album. First pressing of the album include a bonus disc titled Maximum Hyper Non-Stop Mega-Mix.
 Melody Circus is LISA's Third album which stated as 1980s Acoustic cover album released on May 20 2005.
 Massimo Bitonci (born 24 June 1965 in Padua) is an Italian Venetist politician. He is member of Liga Veneta-Lega Nord.In 1993 he joined Lega Nord and was Deputy Mayor of Cittadella from 1994 to 2002. During his second term he joined Mayor Lucio Facco into Liga Veneta Repubblica. With the support of that party he ran for Mayor in 2002.
 Only the Valiant also known as Fort Invincible is a 1951 western film produced by William Cagney (younger brother of James Cagney) directed by Gordon Douglas and starring Gregory Peck and Barbara Payton. The screenplay was written by Edmund H. North and Harry Brown based on the 1943 novel of the same name by Charles Marquis Warren.
 False Witness (also known as The Diplomat in the UK and US) is an Australian television mini-series produced by Screentime Australia for the Australian subscription television channel UK.TV. Commissioned as part of its required drama output UK.TV has previously made Make or Break and Supernova.The two-part mini-series premiered in Australia on both UK.TV and BBC HD on 11 and 12 January 2009.
 The Best of National Lampoon No.1 was a humorous American book that was first published in 1971. The book was a special issue of National Lampoon magazine so it was sold on newsstands. However it was put out in addition to the regular issues of the magazine.
 Praxis pietatis melica (Practice of piety in song) is an important Protestant hymnal of the 17th century published by Johann Crüger. The title is explained: das ist: Übung der Gottseeligkeit / In Christlichen und trostreichen Gesängen (which means: practice of godliness in Christian and comforting chants) intended to be used in both church and private service.
 Lucifer the Lightbearer was an individualist-anarchist journal published by Moses Harman in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 20 Dates is a 1998 American mockumentary film. Myles Berkowitz directs and stars as the film's protagonist trying to find love and start a film career at the same time by filming himself going out on 20 dates with different women.
 Mokrzyce Włościańskie [mɔˈkʂɨt͡sɛ vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Udo Voigt (German: [ˈuːdo foːkt]; born 14 April 1952 in Viersen) is a German politician who was leader of the National Democratic Party of Germany from 1996 to 2011. He is a former aviation engineer and captain in the German army.
 The Yellow Dryad Aemona amathusia (Hewitson 1867) is a butterfly found in Asia that belongs to the Morphinae sub family of the Brush-footed butterflies family.
 The Călmuș River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
 Science World at Telus World of Science Vancouver is a science centre run by a not-for-profit organization in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. It is located at the end of False Creek and features many permanent interactive exhibits and displays as well as areas with varying topics throughout the years.The building's former name Science World is still the name of the organization.
 Seahpo Peak is a subsidiary peak of Mount Shuksan which rises in the U.S. state of Washington. It is located about 2 miles (3.2 km) east of the main peak of Shuksan and rises to about 7441 feet (2268 m). It is located in North Cascades National Park and is part of the North Cascades range.Connected to the main peak by the roughly 7000-foot (2100 m)-high Jagged Ridge Seahpo Peak stands to the north at the headwaters of a headstream of Sulphide Creek a tributary of the Baker River.
 Ramblin' Fever is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard released in 1977. It was his first on the MCA label after recording for Capitol Records since 1965. It reached Number 5 on the Country album chart. Ramblin' Fever was reissued on CD in 2002.
 Zajączki [zaˈjɔnt͡ʂki] (German: Hasenberg; before 1928: Haasenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south of Ostróda and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Rowshanavand (Persian: روشناوند‎ also Romanized as Rowshanāvand and Rūshnāvand; also known as Roshanābad Roshanābād and Rowshanābād) is a village in Fasharud Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 197 in 79 families.
 Trachyderes is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Trachyderes armatus Monne & Martins 1973 Trachyderes badius Dupont 1840 Trachyderes cauaburi Huedepohl 1985 Trachyderes cingulatus Klug 1825 Trachyderes distinctus Bosq 1951 Trachyderes elegans Dupont 1836 Trachyderes hermani Huedepohl 1985 Trachyderes hilaris Bates 1880 Trachyderes leptomerus Aurivillius 1908 Trachyderes mandibularis Dupont in Audinet-Serville 1834 Trachyderes maxillosus Dupont in Audinet-Serville 1834 Trachyderes melas Bates 1870 Trachyderes pacificus Huedepohl 1985 Trachyderes politus Bates 1870 Trachyderes steinhauseni Huedepohl 1987 Trachyderes succinctus (Linnaeus 1758)↑
 Long Shot: The Kevin Laue Story is a 2013 documentary film directed by Franklin Martin with Dutchmen Films and Cinipix. A teenager Kevin Laue pursues his dream to become the first one-armed man to play NCAA Division I basketball. Martin documents the daily struggles of a young man coming to terms with his need for his deceased father’s approval while battling obstacles to fulfill his dream.
 The Gladna River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania. The Surduc Dam is built on the Gladna River.
 Copernicus Science Centre (Polish: Centrum Nauki Kopernik) is a science museum standing on the bank of the Vistula River in Warsaw Poland. It contains over 450 interactive exhibits that enable visitors to single-handedly carry out experiments and discover the laws of science for themselves. The Centre is the largest institution of its type in Poland and one of the most advanced in Europe.
 James McMillan (May 12 1838 – August 10 1902) was a businessman and a Republican U.S. Senator from Michigan.
 Thendral Sudum is a 1989 Indian Tamil language film starring	Nizhalgal Ravi Raadhika Sarathkumar and Senthil. Story and dialogue by Karunanidhi.
 Music for the Hard of Thinking was the third studio album for Canadian pop music group Doug and the Slugs. It was released domestically in 1982 on Bennett's own record label Ritdong and internationally in 1983 on RCA. This recording helped get the band nominated for a 1983 Juno Award.The album produced three singles. The most successful Who Knows How to Make Love Stay peaked at #25 on the Canadian Singles Chart. Making It Work peaked at #29.
 The Journal of Narrative Theory is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering narratology in literary fiction. The journal was established in 1971 as the Journal of Narrative Technique and obtained its current title in 1999. It is published by the Department of English at Eastern Michigan University and the editors-in-chief are Abby Coykendall and Andrea Kaston Tange. In An Introduction to Narratology Monika Fludernik lists it as one of the most important journals in the field.
 Union Tavern was the workshop of Thomas Day an early 19th-century free African-American cabinetmaker who achieved recognition for the superior quality of his craftsmanship.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
 Gekkan Shōjo Nozaki-kun (月刊少女野崎くん lit. Monthly Shōjo Nozaki-kun) is an ongoing Japanese four-panel web romantic comedy manga written and illustrated by Izumi Tsubaki. Its chapters are serialized in Gangan Online and published in tankōbon volumes by Square Enix. An anime television series adaptation by Dogakobo is scheduled to air from July 2014.
 Helen Margaret Morton (born 30 September 1949) is an Australian politician. She has been a Liberal member of the Western Australian Legislative Council since 2005 representing the region of East Metropolitan.On 14 December 2010 Morton was appointed Minister for Mental Health and Disability Services. Before that she was a parliamentary secretary for various ministries.After the 2013 March 9 State Election Minister Morton added the portfolio of Child Protection to her existing portfolios.
 The Journal of Legal Pluralism (formerly African Law Studies) is a peer-reviewed academic journal focusing on all aspects of legal pluralism and unofficial law anywhere in the world and at any time.It is published biannually by LIT Verlag in cooperation with the Foundation for the Journal of Legal Pluralism. The journal's editor-in-chief is Melanie G. Wiber (University of New Brunswick).
 Direct Descent (1980) is a short science fiction novel by Frank Herbert. It was based on the short story Pack Rat Planet published in 1954 in Astounding Science-Fiction.
 A Prize of Arms is a 1962 British crime film directed by Cliff Owen and starring Stanley Baker Helmut Schmid Patrick Magee and Tom Bell with early appearances by several actors including Fulton Mackay Tom Adams and Rodney Bewes. Set in 1956 the film follows a criminal gang as it tries to rob an army pay convoy during the Suez Crisis.
 Delpha Sauvé (June 12 1901 – October 2 1956) was a Canadian politician. He was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.
 Schöpfebach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mario Lanza Sings Songs from The Student Prince and The Desert Song is a 1989 compilation album by Mario Lanza. This RCA Victor CD features most of the songs recorded by Mario Lanza for the 1954 MGM film The Student Prince.
 The Miller River is a river in King County Washington. Named for 1890s prospector John Miller it is a tributary of the Skykomish River which it joins near the community of Miller River (which was prior to World War I known as Berlin). The Miller River is about 3.5 miles (5.6 km) long from the confluence of its main tributaries the East Fork and West Fork. Miller River Campground is located just downriver from the confluence.
 Ben Meiklejohn (born 28 May 1971) is an American politician from Maine. A member of the Maine Green Independent Party which is an affiliate of the Green Party of the United States Meiklejohn served two three year terms (2001 to 2007) as an at-large member of the Portland School Committee. He was the first Green ever elected in the City of Portland.
 Defiance is the second album by the female-fronted industrial metal act Lahannya.
 The Woodland Opera House listed on the National Register of Historic Places and a California Historical Landmark is one of four fully functioning 19th century opera houses in California. It is a contributing property to the Downtown Historic District of Woodland California.
 Irrenberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 26 families.
 Oriental Mills are a historic site at 10 Admiral Street in Providence Rhode Island.The site was built in 1860 by Niles Bierragaard Schubarth and Charles R. Makepeace and added to the National Historic Register in 2005.
 The Birds II: Land's End is the 1994 television movie sequel to Alfred Hitchcock's 1963 classic The Birds. It stars Brad Johnson Chelsea Field James Naughton and Tippi Hedren in a role different from the one she played in the original Hitchcock film. The original music score was composed by Ron Ramin.The plot of the sequel is very similar to the original.
 Ralph Johnson Bunche House a home of American diplomat Ralph Bunche is a National Historic Landmark located in the Kew Gardens neighborhood of Queens New York. It is located at 115-24 Grosvenor Road.Ralph Bunche helped found the United Nations in 1945 and won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1950 for mediating armistice agreements between Israel and its neighboring countries.
 Bethlehem Silk Mill is a historic silk mill complex located at Bethlehem Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1886 and expanded about 1896 and about 1901. The complex once consisted of a total of seven interconnected historic buildings that formed an open rectangular plan around two central courtyards. Some of the buildings have been demolished.
 Jerry L. Mitchell is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 90th district since 1995.
 And Far Away is an album by American jazz pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1983 and released on the Soul Note label.
 Immyrla is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Dyar in 1906.
 The Schlern (Italian: Sciliar Ladin: Sciliër) (2563 m) is a mountain of the Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.The peak at the north west end of the mountain (left in the image at right) was first ascended in July 1880 by Johann Santner.
 Histochemistry and Cell Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of molecular histology and cell biology publishing original articles dealing with the localization and identification of molecular components metabolic activities and cell biological aspects of cells and tissues. The journal covers the development application and evaluation of methods and probes that can be used in the entire area of histochemistry and cell biology.
 Secret Asian Man is a syndicated comic strip written and drawn by Tak Toyoshima and published in Boston's Weekly Dig Metro Silicon Valley San Jose Mercury News RedEye Nichi Bei Times AsianWeek Georgia Asian Times The Everett Herald and on the internet.[citation needed]The strip has appeared weekly since 1999 and covers the author's biography and Asian American issues.
 Vejthani International Hospital is a private hospital in Bangkok Thailand. It was established in 1994. Every year it treats over 300000 patients from over 40 countries.
 Coleophora helianthemella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France on the Iberian Peninsula and Sardinia as well as in Italy Greece and on Cyprus.The larvae feed on Cistus Fumana Helianthemum and Tuberaria species. They create a composite leaf case. The case is reddish brown although the rear end is yellow. Sometimes the case is entirely yellow. It is less than 10 mm long and the mouth angle is about 30°.
 Małuszów [maˈwuʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Sulęcin 42 km (26 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 The Luxury of Time is the debut album by singer/songwriter David Mead. It was released to critical acclaim by RCA Records in 1999.
 Neotropidion is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Neotropidion nodicolle (Dalman 1823) Neotropidion pulchellum Martins 1968↑
 William and Jane Phinney House is a historic house at 555 Phinney's Lane in Barnstable Massachusetts.The house was built in 1730 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.
 Bog-e Sagilan (Persian: بگ سگيلان‎ also Romanized as Bog-e Sagīlān; also known as Bog-e Sehgīlān) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 9 families.
 Pawnee County Courthouse in Pawnee City Nebraska was built in 1911. It was designed by architect William F. Gernandt in Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Lady Oracle is a novel by Margaret Atwood. It was first published by McClelland and Stewart in 1976.
 Dismas Nsengiyaremye (born 1945) served as Prime Minister of Rwanda from 2 April 1992 to 18 July 1993.He was a member of the Democratic Republican Movement. During his term he appointed Agathe Uwilingiyimana to the Ministry of Education though she later succeeded him as PM.
 Modati Cinema (Telugu: మొదటి సినిమా) is a 2005 Telugu film starring Navdeep and Poonam Bajwa. It was directed by Kuchipudi Venkat to music by Swaraj.
 Fine Dead Girls (Croatian: Fine mrtve djevojke) sometimes also Nice Dead Girls is a 2002 film introduced on Pula Film Festival. The film has been named one of the best Croatian movies of the last decade. It caught much attention due to its controversial provocative themes.
 Francis K. Butagira (born on 22 November 1942 in Bugamba Mbarara District Uganda) is a Ugandan diplomat. As of 2010 he was Uganda's ambassador to Germany.
 Saser Pass Saser La or Sasser Pass (el. 5411 m or 17753 ft) is a high mountain pass in Ladakh and India on the ancient summer caravan route from Leh in Ladakh to Yarkand in the Tarim Basin. It leads from the head of the Nubra Valley into the upper Shyok valley on the way to the even higher but easier Karakoram Pass.
 Passport to Suez (1943) is the tenth film in the Lone Wolf series the last to star Warren William as the character. The Lone Wolf battles Nazi spies in Egypt.
 Gokicha (ごきチャ lit. Cockroach Girls) is a 4-panel manga series created by Rui Tamachi revolving around anthropomorphised cockroaches. The manga originally existed as self-published doujin works first released at Comiket in 2009 before beginning serialization in Houbunsha's Manga Time Kirara Carat magazine from July 2011. An anime adaptation by Movic began releasing on Nico Nico Douga in 2012.
 Citypark Albania is a shopping mall in Albania. located along the Durrës – Tirana highway.
 Ei Samay Sangbadpatra is a Bengali-language Broadsheet daily newspaper from The Times Group. It was launched as a motive to enter into a head to head competition with Anandabazar Patrika (and its recently launched sister publication (tabloid) Ebela) which is the largest circulated Bengali daily in India and is also one of the dominant leaders in the Bengali newspaper market. It is owned and published by Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
 Mrugam (English: Beast) is a 1996 Telugu crime film written and directed by Rudraraju Suresh Varma. Actor J. D. Chakravarthy played the role of a sincere cop in the film
 Rolo Tomassi / Cutting Pink With Knives Split is a split cassette tape by Rolo Tomassi and Cutting Pink With Knives and was released through Yehonala. There were only 100 of these tapes made. The tape itself features 4 songs on side A by Rolo Tomassi and 9 songs on side B by Cutting Pink With Knives.
 Ilse (Lahn) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Great Kings' War is an English language science fiction novel by John F. Carr and Roland J. Green a sequel to H. Beam Piper's Lord Kalvan of Otherwhen. It continues the story of Corporal Calvin Morrison after he is transported to another timeline by a Paratime conveyor.
 Branchiostoma lanceolatum or amphioxus is a lancelet in the subphylum Cephalochordata. It is a marine invertebrate found in soft substrates in shallow seas. It is used as a model organism to study the development of vertebrates. The mitochondrial genome has been sequenced.
 The Lungșoara River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
 The Wall Street Journal Europe is a daily English-language newspaper that covers global and regional business news for Europe the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Published by Dow Jones & Company (a News Corp company) it forms part of the business publication franchise which includes The Wall Street Journal The Wall Street Journal Asia and The Wall Street Journal Online (WSJ.com).
 Charlie Chan in Panama is a 1940 mystery film starring Sidney Toler.
 Heartbeat is a 1991 album by Ryuichi Sakamoto.
 Wyromiejki [vɨrɔˈmjɛi̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Siemiatycze and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bernard Kamillius Membe (born 9 November 1953) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Mtama constituency. He is the current Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation.
 Hassan Ibrahim Humairi (born January 7 1949) is the head of the Iraqi Supreme Judicial Council. He has served in this capacity since February 2012.
 Schindleria is a genus of marine fish. It is the only genus of family Schindleriidae among the Gobioidei of order Perciformes. The type species is S. praematura Schindler's fish. The Schindleria species are known generically as Schindler's fishes after German zoologist Otto Schindler (1906–1959) or infantfishes.
 Parade is the third full-length album by the Japanese rock group Plastic Tree released on August 23 2000.
 Mt. Horeb Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery in Elizabethtown North Carolina.It was built in 1845 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 Empire of the Ants is a 1977 science fiction horror film co-scripted and directed by Bert I. Gordon. Based very loosely on the short story Empire of the Ants by H.G. Wells the film involves a group of prospective land buyers led by a land developer pitted against giant mutated ants.It is the third and last film released in A.I.P.'s H.G. Wells film cycle which include The Food of the Gods and The Island of Dr. Moreau.
 Rosy Dreams (Ružové sny) is a 1977 Czechoslovak film. Despite its whimsical poetic style it was the first Central European feature film that put the Romani (Gypsy) community at the center stage in a realistic manner.
 The Ghost in Daylight is a 2012 album by Gravenhurst released on Warp Records.
 The Bonang River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Liberdade River is a river of Acre and Amazonas states in western Brazil.
 Living Game (りびんぐゲーム) is a seinen manga by Mochiru Hoshisato originally published in Big Comic Spirits between October 1990 and April 1993. It is a romantic comedy that also examines some of the absurd effects of the rampant real estate speculation brought about in Japan in the late 1980s and the subsequent recession in the early 90's.
 Rodolphe Monty PC (November 30 1874 – December 1 1928) was a Canadian politician.Born in Montreal Quebec he was educated in law at Université Laval and McGill University. He was called to the Bar of Quebec in 1897 and was created a King's Counsel in 1909. In September 1921 he was appointed Secretary of State of Canada in the cabinet of Arthur Meighen. A Conservative he was defeated in the 1921 federal election in the riding of Beauharnois.
 The Grand Opera House often called The Grand and originally known as the Academy of Music is a historic opera house located in Macon Georgia United States. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 it is now the performing arts center of Mercer University.
 The Basilica of Saint John the Baptist is a Roman Catholic church in Canton Ohio United States. The building was designed by American architect James Renwick Jr. (1818–1895). Construction was completed in 1871 and the church was dedicated in 1872.Saint John the Baptist was elevated to a minor basilica on June 19 2012.The church claims to be the oldest Catholic parish in northeastern Ohio having been established in 1823.
 Little Brick House is a restored 1860s middle class home in Vandalia Illinois located in Fayette County. The home is the only house in Vandalia to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It has been listed as such since 1973.
 Jenista Joakim Mhagama (born 23 June 1967) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Peramiho constituency since 2005.
 Strangeland is a 1998 American horror film written by Dee Snider and directed by John Pieplow. The film focuses on the body modification underground culture's rituals. The film was filmed in the Colorado Springs vicinity.
 Kola Mahalleh (Persian: كلامحله‎ also Romanized as Kolā Maḩalleh) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 56 families.
 The Fabergé Museum is a museum located in the German spa city of Baden-Baden dedicated to items made by the Russian jewellery firm Fabergé. It was opened in 9 May 2009 by Russian art collector Alexander Ivanov.
 Choreutis marzoccai is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Pastrana in 1991. It is found in Argentina.
 Medfield State Hospital is a historic mental hospital at 45 Hospital Road in Medfield Massachusetts.The hospital was built in 1892 and opened in 1899 as Medfield Insane Asylum. At its height it included 58 buildings on a property of some 1.4 sq mi (3.6 km2) and a capacity of 2200 patients. It raised its own livestock and produce and generated its own heat light and power.
 Pismenovo is a village in Primorsko Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Beyond the Time Barrier is a 1960 Cold War era black and white time travel science fiction film filmed in ten days in Texas. It was produced by and starred Robert Clarke and was directed by Edgar G. Ulmer. Ulmer's wife Shirley acted as a script editor whilst their daughter Arianne Arden co-starred as a Russian pilot.
 The Lorentz's Whistler (Pachycephala lorentzi) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Stacey is a 1973 exploitation film directed by Andy Sidaris. Half the budget was provided by Roger Corman for his New World Pictures the rest was raised by Sidaris. It was re-released in 1975 as Stacy and Her Gangbusters.
 Wola Brudnowska [ˈvɔla brudˈnɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Wieniawa 15 km (9 mi) east of Przysucha and 90 km (56 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Frogmore House is a 17th-century country house standing at the centre of the Frogmore Estate amongst beautiful gardens about a half a mile south of Windsor Castle in the Home Park at Windsor in the English county of Berkshire. It is a Grade I listed building.
 Zahab-e Olya (Persian: زهاب عليا‎ also Romanized as Z̄ahāb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Z̄ehāb Zahau Za Hauz Zāhū Zeh Āb and Zū Ḥowz) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 68 families.
 Brick House Farm also known as the Richard Jarrell Farmhouse is a historic home located at Greensboro in Caroline County Maryland United States. It was built about 1823 and is a five-bay long two-story brick “I” house with a kitchen addition dating to the 1970s. The main house measures 41 feet 8 inches long by 20 feet 1 inch deep. It is one room deep and features a gable roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Marion's Triumph is a 2003 documentary that tells the story of Marion Blumenthal Lazan a child Holocaust survivor who recounts her painful childhood memories in order to preserve history. The film combines rare historic footage animated flashbacks and family photographs to illustrate the horrors she experienced. It is narrated by Debra Messing.
 The Marchburn River is a river of Marlborough Region New Zealand.
 Großer Prebelowsee is a lake in Rheinsberger Seenplatte Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of 55.7 m its surface area is 2.8 km². It is located in Prebelow an Ortsteil of the town of Rheinsberg.
 Dan Fogelberg Live: Greetings from the West is the twelfth album by American singer/songwriter Dan Fogelberg released in 1991 (see 1991 in music). The album was recorded on June 25 1991 at the Fox Theater St. Louis MO.
 The Indian River Citrus Museum is located at 2140 14th Avenue Vero Beach Florida. It houses an exhibit on the citrus industry in Indian River County.
 Büraberg is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 Bad Brains is the first full-length studio album recorded by Bad Brains. It was originally released on cassette only but has since been re-released by ROIR on both CD and vinyl.When the album was released in 1982 fans and critics alike were stunned to learn that the musicians behind this album – one of the fastest albums of all time upon its release – were African-American Rastafarians who also were skilled at reggae.
 Cayuco is a Spanish documentary film from 2007.
 Lepidochrysops desmondi Desmond’s Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-western Kenya Tanzania northern Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of Brachystegia woodland.Both sexes are attracted to flowers. Adults are on wing year round with a peak in November.
 The Noi River (Thai: แม่น้ำน้อย RTGS: Maenam Noi Thai pronunciation: [mɛ̂ːnáːm nɔ́ːj]) is a river in Thailand.
 The Virtual EP is an EP from Ten Second Epic. It was released October 14 2008 on Black Box Recordings. It is only available for download on the iTunes Store. The songs Life Times and Yours to Lose were later released on Hometown. This EP also features new versions of two songs from their previous album Count Yourself In.
 Anjilan (Persian: انجيلان‎ also Romanized as Anjīlān) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 53 families.
 Fulad Kola (Persian: فولادكلا‎ also Romanized as Fūlād Kolā; also known as Pūlād Kolā) is a village in Mianrud Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 75 families.
 The Wilkins Mill Covered Bridge is north of Rockville Indiana. The single span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure was built by William Hendricks in 1906. The bridge is 120 feet (37 m) long 16 feet (4.9 m) wide and 13 feet (4.0 m) high.
 Sugarloaf Hill (Irish: Cnoc na Binne) is a mountain peak located in the Knockmealdown Mountains on the border between South Tipperary and County Waterford.
 Paul J. DeMarco (born July 20 1967) is an American lawyer and politician from the state of Alabama. He is a Republican member of the Alabama House of Representatives representing the 46th district since 2005. He is currently running in the United States House of Representatives elections in Alabama 2014 in the 6th in the Republican Party primary.
 Remind Me Where the Light Is is the second album from the U.S. band Great Northern.
 Beardy Waters a watercourse and part of the Macintyre catchment within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 Hewitsonia kuehnei is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Kenya Tanzania and Uganda.
 Après vous... (English: After You...) is a 2003 French film directed by Pierre Salvadori and stars Daniel Auteuil José Garcia and Sandrine Kiberlain. The film won a Etoile d'Or in the Best Actor category for Auteuil and resulted in him being nominated for a César Award in the same category.It tells the story of Antoine (Daniel Auteuil) a restaurant headwaiter who takes a shortcut through a park one night and spots a young man named Louis (Garcia) attempting to kill himself.
 Troszczyno [trɔʂˈt͡ʂɨnɔ] (German: Friedrichsgnade) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radowo Małe within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Radowo Małe 21 km (13 mi) west of Łobez and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Joy Corning (born September 7 1932 in Bridgewater Iowa) was the 44th Lieutenant Governor of Iowa. A Republican she is a native of Des Moines Iowa. She graduated from the University of Northern Iowa in Cedar Falls.
 Głogówko [ɡwɔˈɡufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 km (3 mi) east of Kotla 9 km (6 mi) north of Głogów and 94 km (58 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Kohneh Rudposht (Persian: كهنه رودپشت‎ also Romanized as Kohneh Rūdposht) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 381 in 131 families.
 The Black-cheeked Lovebird (Agapornis nigrigenis) is a small parrot species of the lovebird genus. It is mainly green and has a brown head red beak and white eyerings. It is endemic in a relatively small range in southwest Zambia where it is vulnerable to habitat loss.
 Las Cruces Sun-News founded in 1881 is a daily newspaper published in Las Cruces New Mexico.
 for TV series see Rishtey (TV series) for TV channel see Rishtey (TV channel)Rishtey (English: Relations) is a Bollywood film released on 6 December 2002. The film directed by Indra Kumar stars Anil Kapoor Karisma Kapoor Shilpa Shetty and Amrish Puri in the lead roles. The film had a Below Average opening and flopped at the Box Office.
 Cell Death & Differentiation is a peer reviewed academic journal published by Nature Publishing Group.
 La grande strada azzurra (English: The Wide Blue Road) is a 1957 Italian romance drama film directed by Gillo Pontecorvo and Maleno Malenotti.
 Sam Jackson's Secret Video Diary is a British independent film. The makers believe it is notable for being the first film ever made whose leading actor has died before the start of principal photography. The film's eponymous lead was played by Posy Miller who died of acute leukemia on December 24 2002.The film takes the form of a TV documentary and tells the story of a missing person Samantha Jackson.
 Diplommatina is a genus of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This genus includes hundreds of described species and several subgenera. Species in this genus are mainly from southern Asia.
 Arriën is a village in the Dutch province of Overijssel. It is a part of the municipality of Ommen and lies about 22 km south of Hoogeveen.The statistical area Arriën which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 330.
 Hixville Village Historic District is a historic district at the junction of Old Fall River Road and North Hixville Road in Dartmouth Massachusetts.The district was founded in 1785 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Gothic Kabbalah is the thirteenth full-length musical album by Therion. It was released in Europe on January 12 2007. This album was mixed by Stefan Glaumann who already contributed to bands such as Rammstein Evergrey Europe and Def Leppard. The main line-up has been slightly changed since previous studio albums (Lemuria and Sirius B). Petter Karlsson returned to play drums having already played with the band during Lemuria / Sirius B tour during the period of 2004–2006.
 Odra [ˈɔdra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sól within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Kallody is a village in Edavaka Panchayath of Wayanad district Kerala India. This village falls under Mananthavady Taluk. The word Kallody is derived from malayalam words kallu ( means stone ) and ody ( means run ). The combined word Kallody means running stone.Earlier this place was a forested area. The merchants from Calicut to Mananthavady town through Kuttyadi hill pass were attacked by the thieves from this area.
 Bloody Birthday is a 1981 slasher film directed by Ed Hunt and produced by Gerald T. Olson.
 Retrato de Familia (English: Family Portrait) is a 1976 Spanish film directed by Antonio Giménez-Rico. It stars Antonio Ferrandis Amparo Soler Leal and Miguel Bosé making his film debut. This is Giménez-Rico ’s best known film. The script was written by him based on the novel Mi idolatrado hijo Sisi (My Beloved Son Sisi) by Miguel Delibes. The film was shot in Burgos the director’s birthplace although the novel takes place in Cáceres.
 Peter-No-Tail (Swedish: Pelle Svanslös) is a 1981 Swedish film about a cat who does not have a tail. He is born on a farm in the Swedish countryside but the farm's owner is greedy and believes that more cats will cost too much money. He orders one of the workers to have Peter drowned but the worker can't bring himself to do it. He puts Peter in the car of a family who are renting a house close to the farm for their summer vacation. The family who live in Uppsala take care of Peter.
 Fort Vieux Logis was a small British frontier fort built at present-day Hortonville Nova Scotia Canada (formerly part of Grand Pre)in 1749 during Father Le Loutre's War (1749). Ranger John Gorham moved a blockhouse he erected in Annapolis Royal in 1744 to the site of Vieux Logis. The fort was in use until 1754.
 Footsteps in the Dark is a light-hearted 1941 mystery film starring Errol Flynn as an amateur detective investigating a murder.
 Flagship Magazine is an independent magazine for gamers. Published in the UK it started in 1983 for PBM players.
 The Night Hawk is a 1924 American Western film featuring Harry Carey.
 Joseph A. Chapman was the president of North Dakota State University (NDSU) which is located in Fargo North Dakota. He began his presidency in 1999 as the 13th president of the institution.
 The Return Of Charlie Chan is a 1973 American film. It stars Ross Martin.
 The Lutze Housebarn is located in Newton Manitowoc County Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Anopina meredithi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The 1891 Farmers and Mechanics Savings Bank building in Minneapolis Minnesota United States is a Beaux-Arts style building that formerly served as the headquarters of Farmers and Mechanics Savings Bank. In 1942 the bank moved to a new location at 88 S. 6th St. at the corner of Sixth and Marquette.The building was designed by the locally prominent firm of Long and Kees as a one-story building.
 Dr. Tamás Heintz (born February 6 1959) is a Hungarian physician and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Kaposvár (Somogy County Constituency I) since 2010. He was also a Member of Parliament from the Fidesz Somogy County Regional List between 2006 and 2010.He is supported by Fidesz but not member of the party itself. Heintz is a member of the Committee on Health since May 30 2006. He functioned as deputy mayor of Kaposvár from 2005 to 2006.
 Push Kashan (Persian: پوش كشان‎ also Romanized as Pūsh Kashān Pesh Kashun Pīshkashān and Pīshkoshūn) is a village in Silakhor Rural District Silakhor District Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 424 in 91 families.
 The Democratic Intellect: Scotland and her Universities in the Nineteenth Century is a 1961 book by philosopher George Elder Davie.
 Tsuribaka Nisshi (釣りバカ日誌 Fishing Fool's Diary) is a fishing manga by Jūzō Yamasaki (story) and Kenichi Kitami (art) that has been serialized in Big Comic Original since 1979. It won the 28th Shogakukan Manga Award in 1983. The series has been adapted into a popular and long running movie series as well as an anime TV series.
 Ænigma Mystica is the tenth studio album studio from French death metal act Misanthrope. It comes in a regular version exlcusively in French and a two disk deluxe edition with the French disk English versions of chosen tracks as well as other re-recorded songs from past albums.
 This is a double EP featuring the Stoner rock bands Nebula and Lowrider.
 The Yvette is a small river in southern Île-de-France (France) left tributary of the Orge which is a tributary of the Seine. Its source is in Les Essarts-le-Roi north of Rambouillet in the Yvelines department. Various communes of the Essonne département are named after it: Bures-sur-Yvette Gif-sur-Yvette and Villebon-sur-Yvette.
 Hamilton Hall is a National Historic Landmark at 9 Chestnut Street in Salem Massachusetts in the Chestnut Street District in Salem Massachusetts. Designed by noted Salem builder Samuel McIntire and built in 1805-07 it is an excellent instance of a public Federalist style building. It was built as a social space for the leading families of Salem and was named for Federalist Party leader Alexander Hamilton.
 Mehraban (Persian: مهربن‎; also known as Mehrbun) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 315 in 83 families.
 Pinehurst Lake is a lake in Northeastern Alberta. Located 245 kilometres (152 mi) northeast of Edmonton in the Lakeland Provincial Recreation Area just east of the Lakeland Provincial Park it is a popular destination for anglers and hunters alike.Pinehurst Lake has a water surface of 40.7 km2 (15.7 sq mi) and drains by Punk Creek into the Sand River a tributary in the Beaver River basin. The lake has a catchment area of 285 km2 (110 sq mi).
 Chrysoscota flavostrigata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bethune-Baker in 1904. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 The Paroș River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Paroşul Mare and Paroşul Mic
 Miller House is a mansion on the Embassy Row section of Massachusetts Avenue in Washington D.C.. It was designed by Paul J. Pelz the architect of the Library of Congress in the Northern Renaissance style and built in 1900-01 for Commander Frederick Augustus Miller (1842–1909). Because Miller had been a U.S. Navy officer during the U.S.
 Sof Omar Cave is the longest cave in Ethiopia at 15.1 kilometres (9.4 mi) long; sources claim it is the longest system of caves in Africa and ranks as the 306th longest in the world. It is situated to the east of Robe in the Bale Zone of the Oromia Region in southeastern Ethiopia (6°55′N 40°45′E) through which the Weyib River (Gestro River) flows. It sinks at the Ayiew Maco entrance and reappears at the Holuca resurgence 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) away.
 Verräter is a compilation of demos spanning the early days of the American Black Metal band Leviathan. It features two discs of material from previously self-recorded and self-released material by Wrest (Jef Whitehead). After its initial release in 2002 it was re-issued by Tumult Records in 2006 and again in July 2007.
 Raymond L. Telles Jr. (September 5 1915 – March 8 2013) was the first Mexican-American Mayor of a major American city El Paso Texas.Born in El Paso and educated as an accountant Telles worked at the United States Department of Justice for eight years. He was drafted into the Army in 1941. Telles then served in the U.S. Army Air Force where he became Chief of the Lend-Lease Program for Central and South America. Telles left the service with the rank of major.
 Nedjma is a novel by Kateb Yacine published in 1956. It tells the story of four young men (Mustapha Lakhdar Rachid Mourad) who fall in love with Nedjma daughter of an Algerian and a French woman during the French colonization of Algeria. It is set in the east of Algeria with most of the action taking place in the region around Constantine and Annaba (referred to by its French name Bône in the text).
 Wings of Hell is a science fiction novel by David Sherman and Dan Cragg; it was released on December 30 2008. It is set in the 25th Century in Sherman and Cragg's StarFist Saga. It is the 13th novel of the series followed by Double Jeopardy.No one captures the action and sacrifice of war better than real combat vets David Sherman and Dan Cragg.
 This article is about the River Cole in the West Midlands go to River Cole Wiltshire for the other river.The River Cole is a 25 miles (40 km) river in the English Midlands. It rises on the lower slopes of Forhill one of the south-western ramparts of the Birmingham Plateau at Hob Hill near Wythall; and flows largely north-east across the plateau to enter the River Blythe below Coleshill near Ladywalk shortly before the Blythe meets the Tame.
 Cedric Levon Richmond (born September 13 1973) is an American politician in the Democratic Party who has been the U.S. Representative for Louisiana's 2nd congressional district since 2011. His district includes most of New Orleans.
 Brothers is a science fiction short story by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published in Astounding: The John W Campbell Memorial Anthology.
 Five Weeks in a Balloon or Journeys and Discoveries in Africa by Three Englishmen (French: Cinq semaines en ballon) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne.It is the first Verne novel in which he perfected the ingredients of his later work skillfully mixing a plot full of adventure and twists that hold the reader's interest with passages of technical geographic and historic description.
 The Fiúza River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Enneanectes reticulatus known commonly as the Network triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny.
 The Fellowship of the Ring is the first of three volumes of the epic novel The Lord of the Rings by the English author J. R. R. Tolkien. It takes place in the fictional universe of Middle-earth. It was originally published on July 29 1954 in the United Kingdom. The volume consists of a Prologue titled Concerning Hobbits and other matters followed by Book I and Book II.
 Ghost Shark is a 2013 Syfy television horror sci-fi directed by Griff Furst. The film premiered on the Syfy channel on August 22 2013.
 Stray Cat Rock: Wild Jumbo (野良猫ロック ワイルドジャンボ Nora neko rokku wairudo janbo) or Alleycat Rock: Wild Jumbo is a 1970 Japanese film directed by Toshiya Fujita. It is the second of the five Nora neko rokku (Stray Cat Rock or Alleycat Rock) low budget exploitation films begun by Alleycat Rock: Female Boss.
 Mercator or The Merchant is a Latin comedic play for the early Roman theatre by Titus Maccius Plautus. It is based on a Greek play by the playwright Philemon.
 A Hazard of New Fortunes is a novel by William Dean Howells. Copyrighted in 1889 and first published in the U.S. by Harper & Bros. in 1890 the book was well-received for its portrayal of social injustice. Considered by many to be his best work the novel is also considered to be the first novel to portray New York City. Some argue that the novel was the first of three Howells wrote with Socialist and Utopian ideals in mind: The Quality of Mercy in 1892 and An Imperative Duty in 1893.
 Assignment in Tomorrow is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by Frederik Pohl. Originally published in hardcover by Hanover House in 1954 with jacket art by Richard Powers it was reprinted in paperback by Lancer Books in 1972.
 Grabostów-Bominy [ɡraˈbɔstuf bɔˈminɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Zelów 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Bełchatów and 39 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rather Death Than False Of Faith (Metalother Records 1988) is the debut album from UK thrash metal group Hydra Vein.
 The List of Seven is a 1993 novel by Mark Frost. Though initially an occult murder mystery the story brings in conspiracy theory vendetta horror history and Theosophy. The main character is a real historical person (albeit engaging in fictional actions) and several other historical figures appear in the story.Mark Frost followed the book with a sequel in 1995 The Six Messiahs.
 Sebastian (2006) is the first novel of the Landscapes of Ephemera duology written by Anne Bishop and introduces the world Ephemera.
 Wang Ching-feng (Chinese: 王清峰; pinyin: Wáng Qīngfōng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ông Chheng-hong b. January 1 1952 in Tainan City Taiwan) is a Taiwanese lawyer and politician.Wang graduated from the Taipei First Girls' High School and received her bachelor and master degrees in law from National Chengchi University. Wang has been working as a lawyer since graduation. Since 1987 she has been organising activities to give legal support to help Taiwanese comfort women child prostitutes and rape victims.
 Mehmet Münir Ertegün (1883 – 11 November 1944) was a Turkish legal counsel in international law to the Sublime Porte (imperial government) of the late Ottoman Empire and a diplomat of the Republic of Turkey during its early years. Ertegün married Emine Hayrünnisa Rüstem in 1917 and the couple had three children two of whom were Ahmet and Nesuhi Ertegün the brothers who founded Atlantic Records and became iconic figures in the American music industry.
 1000 Fires is a studio album by singer and actress Traci Lords released on February 28 1995 through Radioactive Records. Produced by Juno Reactor it remains her only music release to date. Two singles charted from the album: Control reached #2 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart in 1995 followed by Fallen Angel at #11.
 Ganesa Macula is a dark feature on Saturn's moon Titan. It is named after the Hindu god Ganesha.Ganesa was formerly tentatively identified as a cryovolcanic dome: the result of a mixture of water and ammonia erupting from the center of the dome and spreading out to form a pancake-like deposit. However topographical data have since shown that it is not in fact dome-shaped and as a result there is no longer any evidence that it is of volcanic origin.
 Kalte Herberge is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Doris Foley Library for Historical Research (formerly: Nevada City Free Public Library and Nevada City Library; colloquially: Carnegie Library or Foley) is a reference and research library in Nevada City in Nevada County California. Built in 1907 the Romanesque Revival style building is currently a branch of the Nevada County Library System.
 Work It Out is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band Caroline's Spine. The album's second track The Light Inside served as the album's lead single in late 2008.In 2008 Newquist recorded Work It Out in Austin Texas and Scottsdale Arizona.
 Puig Campana (Valencian pronunciation: [ˈputʃ kamˈpana] literally translated in English as Bell Hill) is a mountain forming part of the Prebaetic System in the southeast of Spain. With an altitude of 1406 metres (4613 ft) it is the second highest peak in the province of Alicante.
 One Hundred and Two H-Bombs is a collection of science fiction stories by Thomas M. Disch. It was first published by Compact Books in 1967. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantastic Worlds of Tomorrow Amazing Stories If New Worlds Alfred Hitchcock's Mystery Magazine and Bizarre! Mystery Magazine.
 The Sunlight Dialogues is a 1972 novel by the American author John Gardner.
 The Piauí River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Jailolo is a volcanic complex on a peninsula (Jailolo Bay) west of Halmahera island. It has lava flows on the eastern flank small caldera at the west and southwest of the mountain hot springs along the northwest coast of the caldera. Small volcanic island was formed by the Kailupa cone off the southern coast of the peninsula.
 Return to the Last Chance Saloon is the second album by English rock band The Bluetones. It was released on 9 March 1998 on Universal Records. The album is currently certified Gold by the BPI. Its offspring singles were Solomon Bites the Worm If... Sleazy Bed Track and 4-Day Weekend.
 Dark-Ism is a 2005 album by the band Balzac.
 Paroedura masobe is an endangered species of reptile. This species is endemic to Madagascar where it is known from low elevation sites in the north of the Zahamena-Ankeniheny Corridor. The extent of occurrence is currently 410 km2 (160 sq mi) however due to the scarcity of suitable habitat between the known sites its true distributional extent within this area is likely to be below 100 square kilometres (39 sq mi). It occurs from 300 to 600 metres (980 to 1970 ft).
 Thugs Revenge is an album by the rapper Bizzy Bone of Bone Thugs-N-Harmony. All of the songs were produced by 'Mr. Criminal' except for the hit single We Ride which was produced by Fingazz.
 Group Sex is the debut studio album by the American hardcore punk band Circle Jerks. It was released on October 1 1980 through Frontier Records with the catalog number FLP 002. The album consists of fourteen songs in fifteen minutes and is considered to be a landmark album in hardcore punk. It is also in the book of 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
 Charles Cornwallis 2nd Marquess Cornwallis (19 October 1774 – 9 August 1823) styled Viscount Brome until 1805 was a British Tory politician. He served as Master of the Buckhounds between 1807 and 1823.
 Love Letters is a young adult novel written by author Katie Fforde and was published by Arrow in 2009.
 Back Allegheny Mountain is a long mountain ridge in eastern West Virginia. It is part of the Shavers Fork Mountain Complex in the Allegheny Range of the Appalachians.
 Drewnica [drɛvˈnit͡sa] (German Schönbaum) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 24 km (15 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1793 the area was part of Royal Prussia in 1793-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 the Free City of Danzig 1939-45 Germany.
 Shikshaa is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Shri Ramanathan and starring Raj Kiran and Sushma Verma.
 Euprenolepis zeta is a Southeast Asian species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae.
 The American Free Press is a weekly newspaper published in the United States.According to one former correspondent the newspaper's direct ancestor was the publication The Spotlight which ceased publication in 2001 when its parent company Liberty Lobby was forced into bankruptcy.
 Seyl Mish-e Olya (Persian: سيلميش عليا‎ also Romanized as Seyl Mīsh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Seyl Mīsh and Sīlmish) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 Tungjatjeta is a newspaper published in Albania.
 The Leda is a river in north-western Germany in the state of Lower Saxony. It is a right tributary of the Ems and originates at the confluence of the Sagter Ems and the Soeste (Dreyschloot) near the town of Barßel. The Leda flows into the Ems near the town of Leer. On the southern bank of the Leda in the Overledingen Land (Overledingen=country over the Leda) opposite Leer lies the small settlement of Kloster Muhde (Muhde from the Old Frisian mutha meaning (river) mouth).
 Varazdeh-e Olya (Persian: ورازده عليا‎ also Romanized as Varāzdeh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Varāzdeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Mianrud Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 72 families.
 This Christmas is a 1999 Christmas album by 98 Degrees. The album sold over 1 million copies in the US alone and spawned the Top 40 hit single This Gift.
 The Western Forest Robin (Stiphrornis erythrothorax erythrothorax) is a subspecies of the Forest Robin found at low levels in West African forests from Sierra Leone to Nigeria. It has been placed in the family Turdidae but is now generally placed in Muscicapidae. It commonly includes the other members in the genus Stiphrornis as subspecies in which case the common name for the combined species simply is Forest Robin.
 Der Prozeß wird vertagt is an East German film. It was released in 1958.
 The Jonathan Belcher House is a historic house in Randolph Massachusetts.The house was built in 1806 by Jonathan Belcher (1767–1839) and his wife Abigail (Thayer) who had been married on April 12 1792. Their son also named Jonathan married Hannah (Jordan) and later added to the house.
 S.P.O.R.T.S. (stylized as S•P•O•R•T•S) is the eleventh studio album by Japanese Jazz fusion band T-Square who was then known as The Square. It was released on March 5 1986.
 Sayyid Ajjal Shams al-Din Omar al-Bukhari (Chinese: 赛典赤·赡思丁; pinyin: Sàidiǎnchì Zhānsīdīng) (1211–1279) was Yunnan's first provincial governor in history appointed by the Mongol Yuan Dynasty.
 Pudłówek [pudˈwuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Poddębice and 39 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Le Désir de peindre (The Desire to Paint in English) is a prose poem written by Charles Baudelaire. It is the thirty-sixth poem of the collection Le Spleen de Paris (1869).
 Chowmahalla Palace or Chowmahallat (4 Palaces) is a palace of the Nizams of Hyderabad state. It was the seat of the Asaf Jahi dynasty and was the official residence of the Nizams of Hyderabad while they ruled their state.
 The Lindach is a small river in the central foothills of the Swabian Alb which rises below the Reussenstein Castle in the Neidlingen valley and flows into the Lauter in Kirchheim unter Teck. It runs through the towns of Neidlingen Weilheim an der Teck and the Jesingen district of Kirchheim unter Teck.The source chambers are located at the top of the ridge. The karst water flows mainly from the eastern bay and after a few metres above the tuff overhang of the Neidlingen waterfall.
 Arbasera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Nicolai–Cake–Olson House is a residence located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Designed by Portland architect Emil Schacht in the Arts and Crafts style it was built in 1905-6. The interior retains much of its historic integrity as the Olsons who owned it from 1925 to 1967 maintained it in its original condition after some early changes.
 The Stadium Theatre part of the Stadium Building and Theatre is an historic theater at 329 Main Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.Arthur I. Darman built the vaudeville theater in 1926. The venue was closed from the 1970s to 1991 but reopened in 2001. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Eno is a 1973 documentary short film. Its subject is musician Brian Eno shortly after his departure from Roxy Music.
 Poświętne [pɔɕˈfjɛntnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Greatest Hits Live is a live album by Boz Scaggs. It was released on August 17 2004 by Mailboat Records.
 Theodore Frelinghuysen Singiser (March 15 1845 – January 23 1907) was a Delegate from Idaho Territory.Born in Churchtown in Cumberland County Pennsylvania Singiser attended the common schools. He learned the art of printing and then enlisted in the Union Army as a private in Company E Sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves an June 6 1861. He served as assistant assessor of internal revenue in 1866 and 1867 and engaged in mercantile and editorial pursuits.
 Coot Club is the fifth book of Arthur Ransome's Swallows and Amazons series of children's books published in 1934. The book sees Dick and Dorothea Callum visiting the Norfolk Broads during the Easter holidays eager to learn to sail and thus impress the Swallows and Amazons when they return to the Lake District later that year. Along with a cast of new characters Dick and Dorothea explore the North and South Broads and become 'able seamen'.
 Webber Lake Eastern Shore is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Big Soul is the debut album of American Garage punk band The Original Sins released in 1987 through Bar/None Records.
 The Chronicle of Malaysia gives an account of Malaysia from January 1957 to 31 August 2007.
 Lake Elkhorn is a 37-acre (150000 m2) reservoir located in the Owen Brown area of Columbia Maryland. It is surrounded by a park and townhouses. The lake which was built in 1974 is named for the Elkhorn branch of the Little Patuxent River. It is Columbia's third and largest lake. Its main features are a small dam and a park with a picnic pavilion and a two-mile (3 km) walking path around the lake. The path was built in 1982.The lake is overseen by the Columbia Association.
 The Plátano River (Banana River) is a river in Honduras which runs through the Río Plátano Biosphere Reserve.
 Akers Pond is a 276-acre (1.1 km2) water body located in Coos County in northern New Hampshire United States in the town of Errol. Water from Akers Pond flows via Clear Stream to the Androscoggin River and thence into Maine.
 The Amasa Farrier Boardinghouse is a historic house at 280 Main Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. The large wood frame house was built c. 1865 by Amasa Farrier the town surveyor. The building served as a boarding house for workers in Stoneham's shoe factories and is the only boarding house of the period to survive in Stoneham.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Dongdaesan is a mountain located in Daean-dong Buk-gu Ulsan South Korea. It has an elevation of 447 m (1467 ft). On the top of a mountain is a 2.5 meter tall monument that reads Our wish is reunification (우리의 소원은 통일) referring to the reunification of the Korean peninsula.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Coan River is a 7.5-mile-long (12.1 km) river in Virginia's Northern Neck region. It is a tributary of the Potomac River. It flows from its source in Heathsville through Northumberland County and into the Potomac between Lewisetta and Walnut Point.
 Dolichoctis biak is a ground beetle species first described by Baehr in 1999.
 Abyssocottus korotneffi is a deepwater sculpin. It was described by Lev Berg in 1906. It is a non-migratory freshwater fish which is endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia. It is known to dwell at a depth range of 120-1000 metres most commonly between 450-500 m. Males can reach a maximum total length of 12.6 centimetres while females can reach a maximum TL of 13.2 cm. It can live up to 12 years. Females harbour about 20 eggs in each ovary; the eggs can measure up to 4.25 mm in diameter.A.
 The Nilgiri Flycatcher (Eumyias albicaudatus) is an Old World flycatcher with a very restricted range in the hills of southern India. It was formerly referred to as the Nilgiri Verditer Flycatcher because of its similarity to the Verditer Flycatcher a winter migrant to the Nilgiris which however has distinct dark lores and a lighter shade of blue. There are two small white patches at the base of the tail.
 Leptotyphlops albipunctus or the Tucuman blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 The Little Bog River is a short stream in Hancock County Maine. From its source (44°44′47″N 68°16′53″W) in Osborn the river runs 5.4 miles (8.7 km) south to its confluence with Mill Brook in Eastbrook. Mill Brook flows west to Webb Pond. Via Mill Brook Webb Pond and Webb Brook the Little Bog River is part of the Union River watershed.
 The Mann Island Buildings are a group of buildings in Liverpool England currently under construction.They comprise three international style mixed use buildings on Mann Island which lies on the waterfront between the Port of Liverpool Building and the Albert Dock.
 Orthomecyna aphanopis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Oahu.It is the smallest species of the Orthomecyna genus.
 Mordellistena aterrima is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1952 by Ermisch.
 Amr Moussa (Arabic: عمرو محمد موسى‎ IPA: [ˈʕɑmɾe mæˈħæmmæd ˈmuːsæ]; born 3 October 1936) is an Egyptian politician and diplomat who was the Secretary-General of the Arab League a 22-member forum representing Arab states from 1 June 2001 to 1 June 2011. Previously he served in the government of Egypt as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1991 to 2001. On 8 September 2013 he was elected president of the committee of 50 that will amend the Egyptian constitution.
 Marquis Gino Capponi (13 September 1792 – 3 February 1876) was an Italian statesman and historian.
 The Greene Town Center (also known as The Greene) is a mixed-use development located in Beavercreek Ohio (an eastern suburb of Dayton in Greene County).The complex is an established mixed-use office retail dining and entertainment center and serves as the third major shopping mall in the Dayton region.
 Marc Mayrand (born in Trois-Rivières Quebec Canada) is a Chief Electoral Officer of Elections Canada a position he has held since 2007.Mayrand studied law at the University of Ottawa and the London School of Economics.He taught briefly then joined the national Office of the Superintendent of Bankruptcy in 1982 and stayed until 2007.
 Birtipraskota is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2492 people living in 478 individual households.
 Penrod Jashber is the third in a series of collections of sketches by Booth Tarkington about the adventures of Penrod Schofield an 11-year-old middle-class boy in a small city in the pre-World War I Midwestern United States. Published in 1929 it was preceded by Penrod in 1914 and Penrod and Sam in 1916. The three books were published together as one volume Penrod: His Complete Story in 1931.
 Talin (Persian: طالين‎ also Romanized as Ţālīn and Tālīn) is a village in Targavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 42 families.
 The Gurglbach originates on the mount Heiterwand near Nassereith from a height of approximately 2.630 m. It flows from west to east to Tarrenz village the only village the Gurgl passes completely through. There it changes its route and flows south to Imst where it merges with the Inn river 4 km away from the town. It has a length of approximately 25 km.
 The Toufic H. Kalil House is a structure built by Frank Lloyd Wright in Manchester New Hampshire in 1955. The Usonian Automatic design of this house allowed Wright to meet the requirements of Dr. Toufic and Mildred Kalil a professional couple. Wright used the term Usonian Automatic to describe the design of economical Usonian style houses constructed of modular concrete blocks.
 The Serra de Monchique (Monchique Range) is a chain of mountains in the western part of the Algarve region of Portugal about 20 km inshore. The chain's highest point is the peak of Fóia at 902 m. 774 m high Picota is another notable peak.
 Skena River (Swedish: Skenaån) is a river in the province of Östergötland in eastern Sweden. Its well is on the plains of the town of Skänninge and it ends in the river Svartån (Black river).
 The Merman's Children is a 1979 fantasy novel by Poul Anderson inspired by Danish legends of Mermen and Mermaids from Danish folklore. Portions of the work had previously been published as an identically titled novella and the novelette The Tupilak in the anthologies Flashing Swords! #1 (1973) and Flashing Swords! #4: Barbarians and Black Magicians (1977).
 Rakwool was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who carried 73 kg (11 st 7 lbs) to win the Grand National Steeplechase at Flemington by 20 lengths in 1931. He cleared the fences beautifully that day to the relief and surprise of his backers because Rakwool was possibly the most erratic reckless bone-jarring performer that Victorian racing has seen. His racing career was ended by injury at the age of six.
 One of a Kind (French: Mon âme par toi guérie) is a 2013 French drama film directed by François Dupeyron. In January 2014 Grégory Gadebois received a nomination for Best Actor at the 39th César Awards.
 Chen Wei-zen or Chen Wei-jen (Chinese: 陳巍仁; pinyin: Chén Wēirén) is a politician in the Republic of China. He currently serves as the Minister of the Interior since 26 February 2014.
 Elachista pharetra is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Miami Children’s Museum (also known as MiChiMu is a non-profit educational institution located on Watson Island in the city of Miami Florida.
 The Fântânele River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Dujke is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 152 people.
 Hadiabad (Persian: هادي اباد‎ also Romanized as Hādīābād) is a village in Kenarshahr Rural District in the Central District of Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Porcescu River is a headwater of the Argel River in Romania.
 Cerro la Campana the Bell mountain is a mountain in La Campana National Park in central Chile. The Pacific and the mountain Aconcagua are visible from the summit on clear days.Due to the area's expanding human population considerable deforestation occurred on the previously heavily wooded areas of this mountain from approximately 1900 AD onwards.
 The Mohawk Mountains (Maricopa: Vii Kachkwiny) is a mountain range in the northwest Sonoran Desert of southwest Arizona. It abuts the western Gila River valley to the north and is located in southern Yuma County Arizona and is part of an eleven mountain range–three valley region. The Mohawk Valley lies southwest of the range; the San Cristobal Valley is northeast.The Mohawk Mountains-Bryan Mountains is a northwest-southeast trending block faulted system.
 Church of the Atonement is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal summer chapel in Fish Creek Wisconsin within the Episcopal Diocese of Fond du Lac. On March 7 1985 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Shavon-e Sofla (Persian: شاون سفلي‎ also Romanized as Shāvon-e Soflá; also known as Shadoon Sofla Shaun Shāvon and Shāvon-e Pā’īn) is a village in Ani Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Qazian (Persian: مزرعه قاضيان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Qāz̤īān) is a village in Sehhatabad Rural District in the Central District of Eshtehard County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Major is an 1881 comedic play produced by Edward Harrigan and Tony Hart. It debuted to a full house at the new Theatre Comique on Broadway in New York City on August 29 1881. Songs contributed by David Braham include Major Gilfeather as well as Miranda When We Are Made One and Veteran's Guards' Cadets and Clara Jenkins' Tea.
 The House at 2 Nichols Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is a well preserved architecturally eclectic house built in the 1890s. The 1.5 story frame house has elements of Tudor Revival Queen Anne and Colonial Revival styling and is one of two identical houses built by local builder Berndt Heurlin. It has a hip roof but transverse gables one of which has a rounded bay give it a Queen Anne feel.
 Bård Vegar Solhjell (born 22 December 1971) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
 The Wanderer is an album released in 1997 by O.A.R. The album was recorded at Gizmo Recording Company in Silver Spring Maryland with engineer/producer Gantt Kushner while the band was still in high school and without a record label. The original album artwork and design was conceived of by Jed Tamarkin. The name Of A Revolution was too long to make into a logo so Jed shortened it to simply the acronym O.A.R. its first use as a reference to the band.
 The USS Iowa Museum is a maritime museum located at the Port of Los Angeles in San Pedro CA. The museum's main artifact is the USS Iowa (BB-61) lead ship of the Iowa class battleship.
 Larry A. Tucker is an American politician and was the Democratic member of the West Virginia Senate from Nicholas County (12th District) from 1983 to 1989.In 2008 Tucker unsuccessfully challenged incumbent Tom Blankenship for the Democratic nomination for a seat on the Nicholas County Commission.
 Janthinea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Brebina Mare River is a headwater of the Brebina River in Romania.
 Krzyż [kʂɨʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Czersk 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 80 km (50 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 272.
 The Eyring Science Center (ESC) is one of the science buildings on Brigham Young University campus. It was built in 1950 and named after Carl F. Eyring in 1954.The Eyring Science Center houses the Departments of Physics and Astronomy Geology and Food Science and Nutrition. The Department of Chemistry has in the past been located at the Eyring Science Center but is not currently headquartered there.In 1968 an underground physics research lab was added to the north end of the building.
 Guide is a 1965 Romantic Drama film film starring Dev Anand and Waheeda Rehman. It was directed by Vijay Anand who also contributed to the screenplay. The film is based on the critically acclaimed novel The Guide by R. K. Narayan and is widely considered to be one of the masterpieces of the Indian film industry.The film was a box office hit upon release. The movie proved memorable for its award-winning performances by the lead actors and memorable music by S. D. Burman.
 Graphania mollis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Howes in 1907. It is found in New Zealand.
 William Thomas Byrne (March 6 1876 – January 27 1952) was a United States Representative from New York.
 Suzanne Bergansky is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 Veniss Underground is a 2003 science fiction novel by Jeff VanderMeer following the adult lives of three different protagonists across a short period of time in the decadent surreal city of Veniss which is situated above a vast underground labyrinth of hovels and mines ruled over by the amoral crime lord Quin.
 Life's Quest is the sixth studio album by American rapper 8Ball. The album was released on July 24 2012. The album features guest appearances from Keelyn Ellis Singa MJG Big K.R.I.T. LC Ebony Love Angie Stone Slim and 2 Chainz.
 Oxyothespis bifurcata is a species of praying mantis in the genus Oxyothespis in the order Mantodea.
 The Pathologies (Russian: Патологии) is a 2005 novel by the Russian writer Zakhar Prilepin. The Pathologies is a story about Chechen War.This novel was published in 2005 in Andreevskiy Flag (Russia).
 William Roche (February 11 1842 – October 19 1925) was a Canadian politician and merchant.Born in Halifax Nova Scotia he was the son of William Roche and Susan Manning and was educated at the Halifax Academy and the Free Church Academy. Roche married Clara MacLean of Pictou. He served as an alderman for Halifax from 1849 to 1850. Roche was Vice-President of the Union Bank of Canada and President of the Halifax Fire Insurance Company.
 Niidiküla is a village in Käina Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.According to the 2000 census the population of Niidiküla was 18.
 The Law Society Gazette (also known as the Gazette or the Law Gazette) is a British weekly trade magazine for solicitors in England and Wales published by the Law Society of England and Wales.While it is available to buy and on subscription it is provided to all solicitors with a current England and Wales practising certificate (as well as trainee solicitors).
 Ośno [ˈɔɕnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 The Custody of the Pumpkin is a short story by British comic writer P. G. Wodehouse. It first appeared in the U.S. in the 29 November 1924 issue of The Saturday Evening Post and in the UK in the December 1924 issue of Strand Magazine.
 Kabekona Lake is a clear lake in northern Minnesota USA located 2.5 miles south of Laporte in Hubbard County. Kabekona has a surface area of 2252 acres (9 km2) and a maximum depth of 133 feet (41 m). Kabekona (Gabekana in the Ojibwe language) means End of the Trail to dissuade others from venturing to the very clear lake. Kabekona is the 2nd clearest lake in Minnesota. This spring-fed lake is known for its loon birdlife.
 The Thinkery (formerly the Austin Children's Museum) is a children's museum in Austin Texas.The museum was originally founded in 1983 with no permanent location hosting traveling exhibits in public places such as malls parks and libraries. In 1987 a storefront on Fifth Street became the Austin Children's Museum's first established location.
 The Caatinga River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Tony McLoughlin (born January 1949) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Sligo–North Leitrim constituency at the 2011 general election. He was elected to Sligo County Council in 1974 and was subsequently elected to Sligo Borough Council in 1979 in place of his father Pat. He has served four separate terms as Mayor of Sligo.McLoughlin is a nephew of Joseph McLoughlin who was a Fine Gael TD for the Sligo–Leitrim constituency from 1961 to 1977.
 The Curmătura cu Tină River is a tributary of the Valea lui Ivan River in Romania.
 Stefaan Maria Joris Yolanda De Clerck (born 12 December 1951) is a Belgian politician and former Minister of Justice of Belgium. He was Minister of Justice from 1995 until 1998 as well when he resigned following the escape from prison of Marc Dutroux. He has served as chairman of Christian Democratic and Flemish party and held a seat in the Belgian Chamber of Representatives.
 Rahatabad (Persian: راحت اباد‎ also Romanized as Rāḩatābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 7 families.
 Margaret G. Margi Vanderhye (born July 29 1948 in Chicago) is a McLean Virginia community activist and a former delegate from the 34th district of Virginia. She was the Democratic nominee in the 2007 Virginia general election to fill the seat held by retiring incumbent Republican Vince Callahan defeating Republican businessman Dave Hunt in the general election on November 6 2007. On November 3 2009 Vanderhye was narrowly defeated in her reelection bid by Republican Barbara Comstock.
 Bryce Bennett (born November 11 1984) is an American politician from Montana. A Democrat he serves in the Montana House of Representatives representing the 92nd house district based in Missoula.
 Carrie is a 1952 feature film based on the novel Sister Carrie by Theodore Dreiser.Directed by William Wyler the film stars Jennifer Jones in the title role and Laurence Olivier as Hurstwood. Carrie received two Academy Award nominations: Costume Design (Edith Head) and Best Art Direction (Hal Pereira Roland Anderson Emile Kuri). Additionally Laurence Olivier received a BAFTA nomination for his performance. It was screened as part of the 13th Venice Film Festival official program.
 I Could Live In Hope is the debut album by American indie rock group Low released in 1994. It was produced by Mark Kramer.
 Panicotricha is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Przesieki [pʂɛˈɕɛki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north of Krzyż Wielkopolski 42 km (26 mi) west of Czarnków and 93 km (58 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Márton Braun (born June 20 1963) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Szekszárd (Tolna County Constituency I) from 1998 to 2010. He became Member of Parliament from Tolna County Regional List in 2010. He is a member of the Committee on European Affairs since June 25 1998.
 André Salardaine (8 June 1908 in Charron – 2 June 1995 in Puilboreau) was a French Gaullist politician and a member of the Union for the New Republic (UNR).He was a mayor of La Rochelle during twelve years (8 March 1959 – 14 March 1971) and a MP of the Charente-Maritime's 1st constituency during six years (25 November 1962 – 30 May 1968).
 Sega Force was an early 1990s publication that covered the Sega console range (Sega Mega Drive Mega-CD Master System and Game Gear).
 Knut Storberget (born 6 October 1964 in Elverum) is a Norwegian lawyer and politician for the Norwegian Labour Party. He became the Minister of Justice and the Police serving in the second cabinet Stoltenberg from 2005. Storberget resigned as minister on November 11 2011.
 Cuéntame (Eng: Tell me) is the sixth album from Mexican pop music singer and actress Lucerito. It was released on 1989. Most of the songs of this album were part of the soundtrack from the motion picture Deliciosa Sinvergüenza; it also includes a cover of The Pet Shop Boys' It's a Sin for the song Hojas Secas (Eng. Dried Leaves).
 Biljevec is a village in Croatia.
 Culham Inlet is an inlet located in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia. The inlet is also referred to as a coastal salt lake or a transient estuary as the sand bar that prevents it discharging is almost always closed.
 Rhamphochromis esox is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers open waters at depths of from 2 to 65 metres (6.6 to 213.3 ft). This fish is s piscivore. This species can reach a length of 42 centimetres (17 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Mexico is a mini-LP and the 3rd album of the German Hard rock band Böhse Onkelz. It was released in 1985. After Mexico the band left Rock-O-Rama and the skinhead attitude.
 Makhuleh (Persian: ماخوله ‎ also Romanized as Mākhūleh; also known as Mākhūleh-ye Bālā and Mākhūleh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 12 families.
 Too Much Happiness is a short story collection by Canadian writer Alice Munro published on August 25 2009 by McClelland and Stewart's Douglas Gibson Books imprint.
 The Thief is a 2006 novella by British author Ruth Rendell published in the Quick Reads series. As an entry in said series it is of novella length.
 Don McLean is an album by American singer-songwriter Don McLean released in 1972 peaking at number 23 on the Billboard 200 chart. It was reissued by BGO Records in 1996. Photo on the cover of the album was taken overlooking the Village of Cold Spring NY.
 Mark McGowan (born 13 July 1967) is an Australian politician who is the current Leader of the Opposition and leader of the Australian Labor Party in Western Australia. Born in Newcastle McGowan was educated in country New South Wales before attending the University of Queensland. He subsequently worked as a legal officer for the Royal Australian Navy serving at the HMAS Stirling base south of Perth.
 Father of a Soldier (Georgian: ჯარისკაცის მამა translit. Jariskatsis mama Russian: Отец солдата translit. Otets soldata) is a 1964 Georgian black-and-white drama film directed by Revaz Chkheidze based on a script by Suliko Jghenti. The leading role was played by Sergo Zakariadze. The film was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival.
 William Donald Ross (June 20 1869 – June 25 1947) was a financier banker and the 14th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario. Born in 1869 in Bras d'Or Nova Scotia Ross went to work for the Bank of Nova Scotia emptying wastebaskets at the age of 14. The family farm had failed and Ross left school in order to help make ends meet.
 Wikaryjskie [vikaˈrɨi̯skʲɛ] (German: Schönsee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Włocławek and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 The Bucks Free Press is a weekly local newspaper published every Friday and covering the area surrounding High Wycombe Buckinghamshire England. It was first published on 19 December 1856. Despite its title it covers local news for the High Wycombe region only.The paper covers local news features leisure and sport.
 Nebria viridipennis is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Georgia and Russia. The species are 13 millimetres (0.51 in) long.
 Aftab Shaban Mirani (Urdu: آفتاب شعبان ميرانی ‎) is a politician from Shikarpur Sindh Pakistan. The former defence minister is now a representative for the NA-202 constituency.
 Joseph Emerson Brown (April 15 1821 – November 30 1894) often referred to as Joe Brown was the 42nd Governor of Georgia from 1857 to 1865 and a U.S. Senator from 1880 to 1891. Governor Brown was a leading secessionist in 1861 taking his state out of the Union and into the Confederacy. A former Whig and a firm believer in states' rights he defied the national government's wartime policies.
 The Seychelles bronze gecko (Ailuronyx seychellensis) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family endemic to Seychelles.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Science Fiction Adventures in Mutation is a theme anthology of science fiction stories edited by Groff Conklin published in hardcover by Vanguard Press in 1955. An abridged paperback edition was issued by Berkley Books in 1965.
 Julianki [juˈljanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Parzęczew 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 24 km (15 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 20.
 Euphoria is a 1996 EP by Vinnie Vincent. There is another pressing of this disc as well called The EP. The purpose was to preview material for an album called Guitarmageddon which has yet to materialize. Vinnie thanks Paul Stanley Gene Simmons and Eric Carr on the album.
 Orangefin Shiner (Notropis ammophilus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 MA Doom: Son of Yvonne is the fourth solo studio album by American rapper Masta Ace. The beats on the album are sourced from the Special Herbs series of instrumental mixtapes by MF Doom; Doom did not directly collaborate with Masta Ace in the production of this album outside of giving Ace his blessing to use the beats. DOOM however makes a vocal appearance on the song Think I Am alongside fellow guest star Big Daddy Kane.
 Los Neuróticos is a 1971 Argentine comedy film.
 Triplophysa arnoldii is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Borzechów-Kolonia [bɔˈʐɛxuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzechów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Anna Theodora Bernardina “Ank” Bijleveld-Schouten (born 17 March 1962) is a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). She has been the Queen's Commissioner of Overijssel since 1 January 2011.
 L'auberge rouge (The Red Inn) is a famous old French criminal case. Originally named the Peyrebeille Inn the Red Inn is located in the commune of Lanarce in Ardeche about 5 km from the market town. It is also located at the borders of the communities of Issanlas and Lavillatte. During the 19th century it was the site of a criminal scandal called the Red Inn affair which due to the political situation at the time took on incredible proportions.
 Scurria plana is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Issam Yacoub Bagdi is a Syrian politician and a member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party.
 The Crângul Mușii River is a tributary of the Ialomicioara River in Romania.
 Claybank Log Church is a historic church in Ozark Alabama. The building is the second church on the site replacing a similar structure built in 1829. The current building was constructed by a Methodist minister although the church was also used for various community functions. It is believed to be the oldest extant building in Dale County. In 1873 the congregation built a new church closer to the center of town.
 Greyfriars Lincoln was a Franciscan friary in Lincolnshire England. The Grade I listed remains of the infirmary of the friary built of dressed stone and brick and dating from c.1230 with mid 19th century additions is still in use.Building of the Friary was started in 1237 on land donated to the Franciscan order and was completed by the 1280s.
 The Motorcycle Hall of Fame Museum is an offshoot of the American Motorcyclist Association that recognizes individuals who have contributed to motorcycle sport motorcycle construction and motorcycling in general. It displays motorcycles and riding gear and memoribilia. The museum is located in Pickerington a suburb of Columbus Ohio United States.
 Dr. Tushar Amarsinh Chaudhary (born 18 December 1965) is an Indian politician and a leader of the Indian National Congress in Gujarat state. He is son of former Chief Minister of Gujarat Amarsinh Chaudhary and Gajraben. In 2004 he was elected to the 14th Lok Sabha from Mandvi constituency. In 2009 he was elected to the 15th Lok Sabha from Bardoli constituency. He was the Union Minister of State for Tribal Affairs from May 28 2009 to Sep 28 2012 .
 Waqwaqucha (Quechua waqwa waqu mayu sunsu Black-crowned Night Heron (Nycticorax nycticorax hoacli Gmel) qucha lake Night Heron lake hispanicized spellings Huajhuacocha Huaj Huacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region Quispicanchi Province Quiquijana District. Waqwaqucha is situated about 10 km northeast of the town Acomayo near the villages Waqwapata (Huaj Huapata) and Qucha K'uchu (Cocha Cucho).
 Mjötviður Mær released in 1981 was the second album by Icelandic New Wave/rock group Þeyr. It was edited through Eskvímó in 12” vinyl.Mjötviður Mær was Þeyr's most important work according to the media. Formed by 12 songs Iss Þeir and 2999 could be deemed as attempts to create a futuristic pop style thanks to voice distortions keyboards and additional rhythm.
 Wola Wodyńska [ˈvɔla vɔˈdɨɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Wodynie 23 km (14 mi) south-west of Siedlce and 73 km (45 mi) east of Warsaw.
 The Tender Gender is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1966 and released on the Cadet label.
 Fort Richardson was an United States Army installation located one mile (1.6 km) south of Jacksboro Texas. Named in honor of Union General Israel B. Richardson who died in the Battle of Antietam during the American Civil War it was active from 1867 to 1878. Today the site is called Fort Richardson State Park Historic Site & Lost Creek Reservoir State Trailway
 Fire & Snow is the debut album of Australian singer songwriter Mandyleigh Storm. This album was crowdfunded through Sellaband. The album was recorded by Mick Glossop and Ben Roulston and Dean Street Studios London mixed by Mick Glossop at Magazine Studios London and mastered by Kevin Metcalfe at Sound Masters Studio London.
 Parasnath Yadava (born 12 January 1949) is an Indian politician for the Jaunpur (Lok Sabha Constituency) in Uttar Pradesh.
 Jeremy is a 1973 film written and directed by Arthur Barron and starring Robby Benson and Glynnis O'Connor. They play two high school students who share a tentative monthlong romance.Benson was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for his performance in the film in 1974. It also won the prize for Best First Work in the 1973 Cannes Film Festival. The two stars dated each other in real life and appeared together again in Ode To Billy Joe.
 The Jiloca is a river in Aragón Spain a tributary of the river Jalón and part of the watershed of the Ebro basin. The course of the river runs through the provinces of Teruel and Zaragoza. It has a length of 126 kilometres (78 mi) and an average flow rate of 2.1 cubic metres per second (74 cu ft/s) although this varies between the seasons. The river flows in a generally north easterly direction from its source near Monreal del Campo.
 The Man Upstairs is a 1958 film directed by Don Chaffey. It stars Richard Attenborough and Bernard Lee. The film was produced by Robert Dunbar for Act Films Ltd.
 The Next Autumn Soundtrack & Jeniferever was a split EP recorded by post-rock bands Jeniferever and The Next Autumn Soundtrack released on December 1 2003. It was released on the independent record label Big Scary Monsters. The opening two tracks are by Jeniferever with the closing three by The Next Autumn Soundtrack.
 Trigrammia was a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is now considered a synonym of Semiothisa.
 Cerro Tuzgle is an extinct stratovolcano in northwestern Argentina. It is located roughly 23 kilometers (14 mi) northwest of San Antonio de los Cobres and 16 kilometers (9.9 mi) northwest of the Viaducto la Polvorilla in Los Andes Department Salta Province. It is the easternmost young stratovolcano of the central Andes located about 120 kilometers (75 mi) east of the main volcanic arc.
 Poinsot is a worn lunar crater that is located at the northern part of the Moon on the far side. It lies to the south of the walled plain Rozhdestvenskiy. To the south is the smaller crater Heymans.This formation has been heavily worn by subsequent impacts leaving a round-shouldered outer rim that is nearly even with the surrounding terrain and an inner surface that slopes down to the floor without terraces or horizontal features.
 Post-Williams House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1877 and is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay-wide Late Victorian-style dwelling. It features a pitched roof and a 3 1⁄2-story tower with zig-zag moulding.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Titanoceros heliodryas is a species of snout moth. It is found in Australia.
 Adhinayak (Assamese: অধিনায়ক English: Captain) is an Assamese language film directed by Jatin Bora. The film is the directorial debut of Jatin Bora who himself plays the protagonist. The film was released on February 17 2006 simultaneously at Tezpur Nagaon and Dhemaji.
 A Small Boy and Others is a book of autobiography by Henry James published in 1913. The book covers James' earliest years and discusses his intellectually active family his intermittent schooling and his first trips to Europe.
 Acrolepia afghanistanella is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Gaedike in 1968. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Helenesee is a lake in Brandenburg Germany. Its surface area is ca. 250 ha. With a depth of 56.63 m the Helenseee is the second deepest lake in Brandenburg only surpassed by the lake Großer Stechlinsee. It is situated approximately 8 kilometers in the south of Frankfurt (Oder). It was formed after the flooding of a former open-pit mining which started in 1958.
 Flame Top (Finnish: Tulipää) is a 1980 Finnish drama film directed by Pirjo Honkasalo and Pekka Lehto. It was entered into the 1981 Cannes Film Festival. The film depicts the life of the writer Algot Untola. The film was selected as the Finnish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Todiramphus is a genus of kingfishers in the family Alcedinidae. The name is often spelt Todirhamphus (with rh) but Todiramphus is the original valid spelling. The name literally means ‘tody-bill’; tody is a relative of the kingfishers with a similar slender long bill and the Greek rhamphos (ῥάµϕος) means ‘beak bill’.There are around 20–22 extant species in the genus but the classification of several Pacific island forms is still unclear.
 Fantastic Universe was a U.S. science fiction magazine which began publishing in the 1950s. It ran for 69 issues from June 1953 to March 1960 under two different publishers. It was part of the explosion of science fiction magazine publishing in the 1950s in the United States and was moderately successful outlasting almost all of its competitors.
 Paula Benoit is an American politician from Maine. Benoit served as a Republican State Senator from Maine's 19th District representing part of Sagadahoc County including the population centers of Bath and Topsham from 2006 to 2008. In 2008 Goodall defeated Benoit for re-election by a few hundred votes. In 2013 Goodall resigned after his appointment to a federal post and Benoit announced she would seek the Republican nomination for the special election.
 Berutarube (Russian: Берутарубе; Japanese: ベルタルベ山 Berutarube-zan) is a stratovolcano located at the southern end of Iturup Island Kuril Islands Russia.
 The Longxing Monastery or Longxing Temple (Chinese: 隆興寺; pinyin: Lóngxīng Sì) is an ancient Buddhist monastery located near the town of Zhengding in Hebei Province China approximately 15 kilometers north of the provincial capital of Shijiazhuang. It has been referred to as the First Temple south of Beijing.
 Kerdabad (Persian: كرداباد‎ also Romanized as Kerdābād and Kord Abad) is a village in Ernan Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 33 families.
 Ceratosauridae is a family of theropod dinosaurs belonging to the infraorder Ceratosauria. Its type genus Ceratosaurus was first found in Jurassic rocks from North America. Ceratosauridae is made up of Ceratosaurus found in North America Tanzania and Portugal and Genyodectes from the Late Cretaceous of Argentina.
 Kunwar Sarvraj Singh (born 14 August 1952) is an Indian politician for the Aonla (Lok Sabha Constituency) in Uttar Pradesh. Elected with 153322 votes.
 Robert Munro 1st Baron Alness GBE PC KC DL (28 May 1868 – 6 October 1955) was a Scottish lawyer judge and Liberal politician. He served as Secretary for Scotland between 1916 and 1922 in David Lloyd George's coalition government and as Lord Justice Clerk between 1922 and 1933.
 Der Weibsteufel is a 1966 Austrian drama film directed by Georg Tressler. It was entered into the 16th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Schistura geisleri is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Symmorium is an extinct genus of stethacanthid shark.
 The Kenya Gazette is an official publication of the government of the Republic of Kenya.
 Abbott and Costello Meet the Keystone Kops is a 1955 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello.After the film was completed Universal wanted to rename it Abbott and Costello in the Stunt Men because they did not consider the Keystone Kops to be relevant anymore. However in October 1954 the studio relented and agreed to use the Keystone Kops name.
 Coleophora mcdunnoughiella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Nova Scotia.The larvae feed on the leaves of Cerastium and possibly Stellaria species. They create a trivalved tubular silken case.
 Great Steak (formerly Great Steak and Potato Company) is a chain of Philadelphia cheesesteak restaurants. Great Steak is a wholly owned subsidiary of Kahala Franchising L.L.C. of Scottsdale Arizona. The chain was founded in Dayton Ohio in 1982. As of 2010 Great Steak has nearly 160 locations in the United States and abroad.
 Aşağıkışlak is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 47 people.
 Zatonie [zaˈtɔɲe] (formerly German Grünhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złocieniec within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Złocieniec 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 93 km (58 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Wild Love is the fourth album by Bill Callahan (also known as Smog) released on March 27 1995 on Drag City and re-released in Europe on Domino in 2001. Jim O'Rourke appeared as cellist on this album his first collaboration with Smog. Drag City's producer Rian Murphy helped to develop a wider musical palette than its predecessor Julius Caesar.Chan Marshall later covered Bathysphere on her 1996 album What Would the Community Think.
 The Windermere Hills are a mountain range in Elko County Nevada.
 Ultimate Collection is a box set by the German pop group No Angels released by Polydor Records on June 30 2003 (see 2003 in music) in German-speaking Europe. It comprises both Special Winter Edition reissues of their first two albums Elle'ments (2001) and Now... Us! (2002) as well as a DVD containing their When the Angels Swing (2002) swing concert.
 Namath: From Beaver Falls to Broadway is a 2012 documentary film focusing on Pro Football Hall of Fame quarterback Joe Namath; he had stated that he was reluctant in joining the project but subsequently stated his pleasure in doing so. The film was produced by NFL Films and HBO and aired on the latter on January 28 2012. The film documents Namath's early life in Beaver Falls Pennsylvania followed by his college football career at Alabama and career under Bear Bryant.
 Lloyd is a 2001 American comedy film.
 Dahaneh-ye Ojaq (Persian: دهنه اجاق‎ also Romanized as Dahaneh-ye Ojāq Dahaneh Ojāq Dahaneh-yē Ūjāq and Dehāneh-i-Ujāgat) is a village in Bam Rural District Bam and Safiabad District Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1160 in 328 families.
 Lirael (called Lirael: Daughter of the Clayr in some regions) is a fantasy novel by Garth Nix first published in 2001. Named for its central female character Lirael is the second in his Old Kingdom trilogy preceded by Sabriel and continued in Abhorsen.
 The Grand Nile Tower Hotel built as Le Méridien Cairo is located on Al-Roda Island in Cairo Egypt. The hotel has 714 rooms and includes a shopping mall and a rotating restaurant.It was expanded with the addition of a 41 floor tower in 2002 when it was renamed the Grand Hyatt Cairo. It ceased to be managed by the Hyatt chain on March 20 2011 due to unresolved contractual disputes with the hotel’s owner. It is currently operated as an independent hotel.
 Mask of Desire (Nepali: मुकुण्डो; Mukundo) is a 2000 Nepali film directed by Tsering Rhitar Sherpa. It was Nepal's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Temple of Terror is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Ian Livingstone illustrated by Bill Houston and originally published in 1985 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2004. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 14th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-031832-1) and 19th in the modern Wizard series (ISBN 1-84046-528-X).
 Mutnovsky (Russian: Мутновский) is a complex volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It is one of the most active volcanoes of southern Kamchatka; the latest eruption was recorded in 2000. At the foot of the Mutnovsky lies a geyser field popularly known as the Lesser Valley of Geysers.
 The Odd Fellows Temple in Lexington Kentucky also known as Skullers Jewelry Inc. was built in Second Empire and Italianate style in 1870. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Great Balkhan mouse-like hamster (Calomyscus mystax) is a species of rodent in the Calomyscidae family.It is found in southwestern Turkmenistan northern Iran and southern Azerbaijan.
 Al Ahdath Al Maghribia (Arabic: الأحداث المغربية The Moroccan News‎) is a daily Moroccan tabloid.
 Cofimvaba Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Cofimvaba Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 Don Richard Perata (born April 30 1945) is a California Democratic politician who was President pro tempore of the California State Senate from 2004 to 2008. He came in second place in the November 2010 ballot for Mayor of Oakland. Perata now runs a political consultancy companyPerata worked with Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger to gain passage of five infrastructure related bond measures in 2006.
 Sao tung dawkjan (สาวทุ่งดอกจาน) is a mor lam and luk thung album by the Thai singer Jintara Poonlarp. Released in 2006 on the Master Tape label it was her 40th original album and the only one other than 2003's Jin ma leaw ja 1 not to belong to either of her main numbered series of albums.
 Iskrzynia [isˈkʂɨɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczyna within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Korczyna 8 km (5 mi) east of Krosno and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1200. Est in 1878. Ran by King James. It has great weed and Whores. j.P.NICE
 Batman: Death Wish is a 2012 fan film directed by Matthew Hiscox based on the Batman franchise. Unlike other Batman fan films that use the more mature contemporary settings of later comic books this fan film is styled after the Joel Schumacher films Batman Forever and Batman & Robin as well as Batman: The Animated Series The New Batman Adventures and the No Man's Land comics storyline.
 Cisco A. McSorley is a Democratic member of the New Mexico Senate representing the 16th District since 1997. Earlier he was a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives from 1984 through 1996. He is currently chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee. McSorley was born and grew up in Albuquerque New Mexico and attended St. Pius X High School. He graduated from the University of New Mexico with a bachelor's degree in 1974 and from the University of New Mexico School of Law with a J.D.
 Karmaini Khurd is a small village in north-east India. It is about 8 km (5 mi) away from Bikramganj 45 km (28 mi) away from Sasaram headquarters of Rohtas District and 4 km (2 mi) away from Natwar. The population of the village is about 1500. The workers are very skilled in their respective areas. Most of the people are educated and work on their farm to grow paddy and wheat. The village has become a role model of hard working people in the region.
 The River Valley Friends Meetinghouse is a historic church located at 3552 North Adrian Highway (M-52) in Adrian Charter Township about two miles (3.2 km) north of the city of Adrian in central Lenawee County Michigan. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 28 1982 and later designated as a Michigan Historic Site on January 23 1992.The simple wooden church is typical of those built in the early nineteenth-century. The structure maintains its original appearance.
 History of the Loss of Vietnam (越南亡國史 Việt Nam vong quốc sử) was a Chinese-language book written by Phan Bội Châu the leading Vietnamese anti-colonial revolutionary of the early 20th century in 1905 while he was in Japan.It was published by Liang Chi Chao a leading Chinese nationalist revolutionary scholar then in Japan who assisted Chau during his time attempting to drum up support for Vietnamese independence in China.
 Crime and Justice is an annual series of peer-reviewed commissioned essays on crime-related research subjects published by The University of Chicago Press. The journal was established in 1979. According to its self-description it explores a full range of issues concerning crime its causes and its cure offering an interdisciplinary approach to address core issues in criminology with perspectives from biology law psychology ethics history and sociology.
 Litany of Echoes is the sixth studio album from James Blackshaw. It was released in the United States on June 17 2008.
 Mark F. Burns (May 24 1841 – January 16 1898) was an American politician who served on the Board of Aldermen as a member and President of the Common Council and as the sixth Mayor of Somerville Massachusetts.
 Lough Tay is a small but scenic lake set in the Wicklow Mountains in County Wicklow Ireland. It lies between the mountains of Djouce and Luggala and is most easily viewed from above from the R759 or the Wicklow Way as it descends past the J. B. Malone memorial.
 The Medgidia River is a tributary of the main branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.
 Laan mig din kone is a 1957 Danish comedy film directed by Preben Neergaard and Anker Sørensen and starring Gunnar Lauring.
 Brown's Creek is a 9.7-mile-long (15.6 km) stream which originates about 5.5 miles northwest of the city of Stillwater and flows south for about half its length then east to its confluence with the St. Croix River just north of Stillwater in Washington County Minnesota United States. It is one of few creeks in the Minneapolis – Saint Paul Twin Cities metropolitan area that supports a fishable trout population.
 Zärtliche Haie (French: Tendres requins) is a 1967 German-French thriller film directed by Michel Deville and starring Anna Karina.
 The Bell River is a river in Quebec Canada. It flows into Lake Matagami.
 The Cogalnic River (also Cogâlnic Kogylnik Kogîlnic or Kunduk) is a 183 km river in Moldova and south-western Ukraine.The Cogalnic rises in the hills of Nisporeni District in the Codri region west of the Moldovan capital Chişinău. It flows through the cities of Hînceşti Cimişlia and Basarabeasca and then into the Budjak past Artsyz and into the Prichernomorskoy lowlands of the Odessa Oblast (province) of Ukraine.
 Diabetes Health magazine published by King's Publishing in California United States is one of the US's biggest magazines focusing on diabetes and the complications that are the every day concern of people with this disease and also their families and friends.
 Epiphyes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Trains to Taung is the debut album of jazz pianist Paul Hanmer containing a mixture of minimalist jazz and African umbaqanga sounds. Named for the home of Taung Child the album was an immediate hit upon its release in 1997.
 Controlled Conversations (Polish: Rozmowy kontrolowane) is a Polish film released in 1991 directed by Sylwester Checinski.This very black comedy finds humor in what was otherwise a terrifying time: the outbreak of Martial Law in Poland in 1981.
 Adriaan van der Meyden was the two time Governor of Zeylan during the Dutch period in Ceylon. He was first appointed in 11 October 1653 and was Governor until 12 May 1660 when he was succeeded by Rijckloff van Goens. His second term lasted from 1663 to 1663.
 The U.S. Post Office (now known as the Woonsocket YMCA) is a historic building at 295 Main Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The building was constructed as a post office in 1910 on the site of a former Methodist church. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It now serves as a YMCA building.
 Turó de Bellver is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1041 metres above sea level.
 The Hochalt (Italian: Monte Alto) is a mountain in the Saldurkamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Ferenc Hirt (born 1967) is a Hungarian entrepreneur and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Tamási (Tolna County Constituency V) since 2006. He is the first physically disabled MP in the history of Hungarian parliamentarism.
 Plectoneura is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ninigret is a coastal lagoon in Charlestown Rhode Island in the United States located at 41°22′45″N 71°38′43″W. It is the largest of the nine lagoons or salt ponds in southern Rhode Island. It is utilized for recreational actives as well as oyster and quahog harvesting. Found along its shores are extensive archaeological remains. Ninigret Pond like others in the region was formed after the recession of the glaciers 12000 years ago.
 Suicide Hill is a crime fiction novel written by James Ellroy.Released in 1987 it is the third and final installment of the Lloyd Hopkins Trilogy.
 Heavy Weather is a science fiction novel by Bruce Sterling first published in 1994 about a group of storm chasers in a world where global warming has produced incredibly destructive weather.
 Lomond is a village in Vulcan County Alberta Canada. It is located at the intersection of Highway 845 and Highway 531 approximately 74 kilometres (46 mi) southwest of Brooks and 49 kilometres (30 mi) east of Vulcan. The village is a farming service community. Lomond was named for Loch Lomond Scotland.
 Hero Heel is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Makoto Tateno. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on April 8 2008. Biblos released the manga on August 10 2005 before it went bankrupt in 2006. Libre Publishing took over publication in Japan and released the manga's three tankōbon between June 30 2007 and March 10 2007 publishing the last two volumes first then the first volume.
 Thomas Corwin (July 29 1794 – December 18 1865) also known as Tom Corwin and The Wagon Boy was a politician from the state of Ohio who served as a prosecuting attorney a member of the Ohio House of Representatives the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate. Corwin was the 15th Governor of Ohio 20th Secretary of the Treasury and United States Ambassador to Mexico.
 Ramdas Bandu Athawale (Marathi: रामदास बंडू आठवले) (born 25 December 1959) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Pandharpur constituency of Maharashtra and is the president of the Republican Party of India (Athawale) political party. He also represented Mumbai North Central in 12th Lok Sabha during 1998-99. He left NCP-Congress alliance in 2011 after having lost 2009 Lok Sabha election.
 The St James's Hotel and Club is an internationaly famous and luxurious five star hotel at 7-8 Park Place St. James's London SW1A 1LP. The hotel is part of the Lahore based Nishat Group which is owned by Pakistani billionaire Mian Mohammad Mansha.The hotel has fifty-six rooms and twelve suites many of which have their own terraces plus a penthouse with a party deck for sixty people.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Sedeh Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 39 families.
 The Thursday (Italian: Il giovedì) is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Backstage Prince (極付 楽屋裏王子 Kiwametsuke - Gakuya Ura Ōji) is a manga by Kanoko Sakurakoji. Was serialized in Shogakukan's manga magazine Betsucomi in 2004 and 2005 and collected in two bound volumes. It is licensed in North America by Viz Media which serialized it in Shojo Beat magazine from October 2006 to March 2007.
 Father Came Too! is a 1963 British comedy film directed by Peter Graham Scott. It is a sequel to The Fast Lady.
 M.O.T.A. is the fourth studio album by the Puerto Rican reggae band Cultura Profética. The album was recorded at Playbach Studios in San Juan Puerto Rico and released in 2005.The title is a Spanish acronym for Momentos de Ocio en el Templo de el Ajusco (Ajusco: a volcano in Mexico City) which means Moments of Leisure in the Temple of Ajusco.
 The Bega Poieni River or Bega Mică River is a headwater of the Bega River in Romania.
 The John and Eliza Barr Patterson House is a private house located at 6205 N. Ridge Road in Canton Michigan United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 De Bello Hispaniensi (also Bellum Hispaniense; On the Spanish War) is a Latin work continuing Julius Caesar's commentaries De Bello Gallico and De Bello Civili and its sequels by two different unknown authors De Bello Alexandrino and De Bello Africo. It details Caesar's campaigns on the Iberian Peninsula ending with the Battle of Munda.
 The Gay Deception is a 1935 romantic comedy film starring Francis Lederer and Frances Dee. Writers Stephen Morehouse Avery and Don Hartman were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Story.
 Willing to Kill: The Texas Cheerleader Story is a 1992 American television film directed by David Greene. It stars Lesley Ann Warren and Tess Harper. It was nominated for a Young Artist Award in 1993.It preceded but was ultimately over-shadowed by the bigger budgeted and more star-powered version of the true story The Positively True Adventures of the Alleged Texas Cheerleader-Murdering Mom.
 Narayan Dutt Tiwari (born 18 October 1925) is an Indian politician affiliated with the Indian National Congress party. He was thrice Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh (1976–77 1984–85 1988–89) and once Chief Minister of Uttarakhand (2002–2007). In 1986–1987 he served in Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi's cabinet as Minister for External Affairs.
 The William L. Thaxton Jr. House is a large single-story Usonian house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in 1954 and built in Houston Texas in 1955. The Thaxton House is Wright's only residential project in Houston.
 Monte Balmaceda is a heavily glaciated mountain located in the Magallanes Region of Chile. It stands at the head of Última Esperanza Sound in the south portion of Bernardo O'Higgins National Park and near the mouth of the Serrano River. The glaciers Balmaceda and Serrano mantle the slopes of the mount.In its vicinity is Torres del Paine National Park.
 The Oak Grove School is a historic Rosenwald School building in rural Hale County Alabama USA. It was built to the designs of Samuel Smith in 1925 to serve the local African American community. The money to build the school was provided by the Julius Rosenwald Fund. The school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 03 1998 as a part of The Rosenwald School Building Fund and Associated Buildings Multiple Property Submission.
 Engel im Fegefeuer is an East German film. It was released in 1964.
 The Scottish Journal of Theology is a peer-reviewed quarterly academic journal of systematic historical and biblical theology. Established in Scotland in 1948 it provides an ecumenical forum for debate and engages in extensive reviewing of theological and biblical literature. It is published by Cambridge University Press. The editors-in-chief are Iain Torrance (University of Edinburgh) and Bryan Spinks (Institute of Sacred Music Yale University).
 Kordan (Persian: كردان‎ also Romanized as Kordān) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Minimoni ja Movie: Okashi na Daibōken! (ミニモニ。じゃ ムービー お菓子な大冒険!) is a 2002 film directed by Shinji Higuchi starring the J-pop group Minimoni. The film was done entirely in computer graphics with live actors inserted at the beginning and end of the film.
 Römer is a lunar impact crater that is located to the north of the Sinus Amoris in the northeast section of the Moon. It lies in the southwestern part of the mountainous region named the Montes Taurus. To the west-northwest is the crater-bay Le Monnier on the eastern edge of Mare Serenitatis.The rim of Römer has relatively high walls with a terraced inner surface.
 Warrior is the second studio album by American recording artist Kesha released on November 30 2012 by Kemosabe Records and RCA Records. Its music spans the techno-pop rock and party rap genres; Kesha described the album as more personal than her previous material in addition to her attempt at reviving the rock and roll genre which she called a cock pop record.
 Perumal Varadarajulu Naidu (June 4 1887 - July 23 1957) was an Indian physician politician journalist and Indian independence activist.
 Westfield UTC formerly University Towne Centre (UTC) is an open-air shopping mall in the University City community of San Diego California. It lies just east of La Jolla near the University of California San Diego campus. Owned by the Westfield Group its anchor stores are Macy's Nordstrom and Sears.
 Mitchell M. Mick Zais (born December 10 1946) is the 17th South Carolina Superintendent of Education. Zais took the oath of office on January 12 2011. Before winning the election he served as President of Newberry College for ten years.
 Dance Mixes: Afiste Tin & Tora Arhizoun Ta Dyskola (Greek: Dance Mixes: Αφήστε Την & Τώρα Αρχίζουν Τα Δύσκολα; English: Dance Mixes: Leave Her Alone & Now The Difficult Times Begin) is the second EP album by popular Greek pop rock singer Sakis Rouvas released on May 24 2007 by his former label Universal Music along with the imprint of Mercury Records. It features a compilation of previously released remixes of songs recorded from 1994 to 1996 and produced by Nikos Karvelas.
 The Dammastock (3630 m) is the highest mountain in the Urner Alps in Switzerland. Its summit ridge forms the border between the cantons of Uri and the Valais. It is the highest summit in the canton of Uri. The tripoint between the cantons of Berne Valais and Uri lies near the Eggstock north of the Dammastock.
 The Sanxia River (Chinese: 三峽河; Hanyu Pinyin: Sānxiá Hé; Tongyong Pinyin: Sansiá Hé; Wade–Giles: San1-hsia2 Ho2) is a river in Taiwan. It flows through New Taipei City for 22.6km.
 Mathematische Annalen (abbreviated as Math. Ann. or formerly Math. Annal.) is a German mathematical research journal founded in 1868 by Alfred Clebsch and Carl Neumann. Subsequent managing editors were Felix Klein David Hilbert Otto Blumenthal Erich Hecke Heinrich Behnke Hans Grauert Heinz Bauer Herbert Amann Jean-Pierre Bourguignon Wolfgang Lück and Nigel Hitchin.Volumes 1–80 (1869–1919) were published by Teubner. Since 1920 (vol. 81) the journal has been published by Springer.
 The Deveselu River is a tributary of the Redea River in Romania.
 The Navigator is the seventh book in the NUMA Files series of books co-written by best-selling author Clive Cussler and Paul Kemprecos and was published in June 2007. The main character of this series is Kurt Austin.
 Kingdoms of Elfin is a short story collection by Sylvia Townsend Warner published in 1977 a year before her death. The stories are an interconnected series of satirical fantasy stories detailing the manners of the fairy courts of Europe. It was Warner's last published work.The stories range across various traditional lands of Europe and beyond including Brocéliande in Brittany Elfhame in Scotland Mynydd Prescelly in Wales the Forest of Arden and Bury St.
 Necesito Más de Ti (I Need More From You) is the title of a studio album released by norteño music band Duelo. This album became their first number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums.
 A Fine Pink Mist is the debut solo album of former Ozzy Osbourne and Badlands guitarist Jake E. Lee released in 1996. It is an instrumental album.The album received favorable reviews and was compared by music critics to Joe Satriani's Surfing with the Alien.The songs were recorded at Juan Croucier's 'The Cellar' recording studio in 1995 over a six-month period.
 Abhi is a 2003 Kannada language film written and directed by Dinesh Babu. The film stars Puneet Rajkumar and Ramya making her debut in the lead roles. This is the second film for Puneet Rajkumar in lead role. Veteran Kannada actor Dr. Rajkumar sang a soundtrack for the film composed by Gurukiran.
 Roommates (Hangul: 디데이; RR: D-day) is a 2006 South Korean film and the third installment of the 4 Horror Tales film series all with different directors but with the same producer; Ahn Byeong-ki.
 Luciano Cruz-Coke Carvallo (born July 1 1970 in Santiago Chile) is an actor founder and director of a nonprofit theater group and the current Minister of Arts and Culture under President Sebastián Piñera.
 The Taiwan Church News (traditional Chinese: 台灣教會公報; simplified Chinese: 台湾教会公报; pinyin: Táiwān Jiàohuì Gōngbào; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tâi-oân Kàu-hoē Kong-pò) is a publication of the Presbyterian Church in Taiwan. It was first published in 1885 as the Tâi-oân-hú-siâⁿ Kàu-hōe-pò (Chinese: 台灣府城教會報; pinyin: Táiwān Fùchéng Jiàohuì Bào; literally Tainan Church News) under the direction of missionary Thomas Barclay and was Taiwan's first printed newspaper.
 Dr. Flavius Brown House is a historic home located at Summersville Nicholas County West Virginia. It was built in 1925 and is a two-story Classical Revival style frame dwelling with a hipped roof. It features a two-story gabled portico with slender two-story Doric order columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Mama (Russian: Мама) is a river in Irkutsk Oblast Russia. It is a left tributary of the Vitim River.Its tributaries are the Left Mama and the Right Mama. The total length including the Left Mama is 406 km.
 The Big Splash is a 1990 book written by Louis A. Frank with Patrick Huyghe. In the book Frank claims to have found scientific evidence that every year millions of small comets (made of ice and water) strike the Earth's atmosphere and that these comets created Earth's lakes rivers and oceans. While many scientists dispute Frank's hypothesis he continues to argue that there are tests which can be performed which would either rule it out or confirm it.
 The leopard gecko (Eublepharis macularius) is a crepuscular ground-dwelling lizard naturally found in the deserts of Asia and throughout Pakistan to the northwestern parts of India. Unlike most geckos leopard geckos possess movable eyelids. It has become a well-established and popular pet in captivity.
 Rough (ラフ Rafu) is a romantic comedy swimming manga by Mitsuru Adachi. It was published by Shogakukan in Weekly Shōnen Sunday from 1987 to 1989 and collected in 12 tankōbon volumes. The series was adapted into a live action film in 2006 released in Japan by Toho.The story is about high school student Keisuke Yamato a 100 m freestyle swimmer and Ami Ninomiya the diver he falls in love with.
 The Hexagon is a multi-purpose theatre and arts venue in Reading Berkshire England. Built in 1977 in the shape of an elongated hexagon the theatre is operated by Reading Borough Council under the name Reading Arts and Venues along with South Street Arts Centre and Reading's concert hall.
 Batrachuperus is a genus of salamander in the Hynobiidae family found in western China and adjacent Myanmar. Their common name is stream salamanders or mountain salamanders. Species now in Paradactylodon were formerly part of the then paraphyletic Batrachuperus.
 For The Langham (building) in London see Langham Hotel London The Langham is an apartment building in Manhattan New York City United States located along Central Park West. After the site was unused for more than 15 years the building was constructed between 1905 and 1907. Built at a cost of US $2 million the structure included modern amenities such as ice accessible from every apartment. The building was designed in the French Second Empire style by architects Clinton and Russell.
 Ellicottville is a village in Cattaraugus County New York USA. The population was 376 at the 2010 census. The village is named after Joseph Ellicott principal land agent of the Holland Land Company. It lies in the southwest part of the Town of Ellicottville and is north of the City of Salamanca.Ellicottville's current mayor is Charles Coolidge.
 The Least Sandpiper (Calidris minutilla) is the smallest shorebird.
 Arunodaya is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5489 people living in 934 individual households.
 Hájek (Karlovy Vary District) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Yongmunsan is a mountain in the county of Yangpyeong Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1157.2 m (3797 ft).
 The Federal Correctional Institution Otisville (FCI Otisville) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates near Otisville New York. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. It also includes a satellite prison camp for minimum-security male offenders.FCI Otisville is located in southeastern New York State near the Pennsylvania and New Jersey borders and 70 miles northwest of New York City.
 Happiness and All the Other Things is Cross Canadian Ragweed's tenth album. It was released on August 31 2009. The album includes twelve new studio tracks and three live tracks including a cover of Willie Nelson's Angel Flying Too Close To The Ground Soul Agent from the band's 2007 album Mission California and a cover of Kevin Welch's Train To Birmingham.Happiness and All the Other Things is released in commemoration of the band's 15th Anniversary.
 Marrying the Mafia II is a 2005 South Korean film the sequel to Marrying the Mafia (2002). It was the most successful comedy film in South Korea the year of its release; its over 5 million tickets sold represented more than 10% of the population and contributed to the third straight year that more tickets were sold for local than for Hollywood films.
 Home and Away is a weekly Irish emigrant newspaper printed and distributed in New York City USA.The paper was founded in 2003 by Fergus Hannah but was bought out by Irish Voice and Irish America publisher Niall O'Dowd in June 2007 for an undisclosed sum.The paper is available mostly in Irish pubs around the city of New York and has a weekly circulation of about 12000.The paper contains sections on Irish news a round-up of Irish news by county sports as well as other sections.
 Acrocercops acanthidias is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Java Indonesia. The hostplants for the species include Erioglossum edule and Lepisanthes rubiginosum.
 Beth Israel Synagogue is a historic Jewish synagogue at 238 Columbia Street in Cambridge Massachusetts.The synagogue was built in 1901 by Nathan Douglass. Congregation Anshai Sfard merged into it in 1957. In 1962 Beth Israel and Temple Ashkenaz merged to form Temple Beth Shalom of Cambridge and the new congregation chose to use the Temple Ashkenaz building on Tremont Street in Cambridge.
 Ulual Yyy is the third full-length album by Finnish folk musician Islaja released on Fonal in 2007. The word 'ulual' in the album title is the Finnish word 'laulu' (a song) written backwards. 'Yyy' comes from the expression 'yön laulu' ('the song of night') which is varied in the song 'Laulu jo menneestä'.
 Vespa luctuosa is a species of hornet which is endemic to the Philippines. The main subspecies is Vespa luctuosa luctuosa (primarily native to Luzon island). Other known subspecies include Vespa luctuosa luzonensis (primarily native to the Visayas including Leyte island and Samar Island) and Vespa luctuosa negrosensis (native to Negros island). Vespa luctuosa is best known for its potent venom.
 Kuravi is a temple village and a mandal located in Warangal district of Telangana region in Andhra Pradesh state in India.
 Arklity ([arˈklitɨ]; German: Arklitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Barciany 24 km (15 mi) north of Kętrzyn and 80 km (50 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Goya's Ghosts is a 2006 Spanish-American film directed by Miloš Forman and written by him and Jean-Claude Carrière. The film stars Natalie Portman Javier Bardem and Stellan Skarsgård and was filmed on location in Spain during late 2005.
 Parviz Khanlu (Persian: پرويزخانلو‎ also Romanized as Parvīz Khānlū) is a village in Garamduz Rural District Garamduz District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 57 families.
 The Colin Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located directly northeast of Jasper townsite in Jasper National Park Canada.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 Tint Hsan (Burmese: တင့်ဆန်း born 14 September 1956) is the incumbent Minister for Sports. He owns ACE Construction a major Burmese construction company.Tint Hsan previously served as Minister for Hotels and Tourism from March 2011 to August 2012. He contested and won the Myaungmya Township constituency for a seat in the Pyithu Hluttaw in the Burmese general election 2010.
 Sha-Kon-O-Hey! Land of Blue Smoke was released on February 11 2009 and is a Dolly Parton album sold exclusively at Dollywood and through the Great Smoky Mountains Association.The song Sha-Kon-O-Hey! can be heard in Dolly's Dixie Stampede.
 St David's Welsh Church Rhosllannerchrugog is in Broad Street Rhosllannerchrugog in Wrexham County Borough Wales.The church was built in 1892 to a design by Douglas and Fordham of Chester. It consists of a nave and a north aisle. It was intended to have a chancel and a steeple at the northeast but these were not built at the time. The church is constructed in Ruabon brick with some sandstone dressings.
 The Planets are Blasted is the second album by the Boston Spaceships released in 2009.
 Celaenorrhinus putra is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in south-east Asia.
 Dargocice [darɡɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] (German: Eickstedtswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Kołobrzeg and 95 km (59 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kopalino [kɔpaˈlinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 The Valea Calului River is a tributary of the Băneşti River in Romania.
 The Alex Halone House in Thermopolis Wyoming was built by Finnish immigrant Alex Halone for his personal residence in 1909–1910. Halone a stonemason built many stone structures in Thermopolis. Three generations of the Halone family were stonemasons. The grounds include a log Finnish sauna built by Alex and Eugene Halone with assistance from Lauri Suikaonen in 1946-51.
 Inside Looking Out is a 1977 Australian film directed by Paul Cox. It was his second feature film.
 Moondreams is an album by Brazilian keyboardist Walter Wanderley featuring performances recorded in 1969 and released on the CTI label.
 The Commons at Federal Way (formerly SeaTac Mall) is a regional [1] shopping mall located in Federal Way Washington and is the only covered shopping center in the city [2]. The current owners Steadfast Commercial Properties changed the name to The Commons at Federal Way. Ongoing improvements to the shopping center are expected to improve sales upon an expected $25 to $30 per square foot by year’s end. [3]The original developer was Harry Newman of Newman Properties.
 Pink Blossom is the fourth mini-album by South Korean girl group A Pink released on March 31 2014. The title track Mr. Chu was used to promote the album.
 Maman Machan is a Tamil comedy directed by M.Jayarasu.
 St. Peter Catholic Church was a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cleveland. The church was located on West Main Street in Norwalk Ohio in the United States. The church is no longer in existence. However its cemetery still remains. A chapel currently owned by St. Paul Catholic Church in Norwalk Ohio is on the site.
 Homalocantha pele is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Propilidium pelseneeri is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae one of the families of true limpets.
 The Drowned World is a 1962 science fiction novel by J. G. Ballard. In contrast to much post-apocalyptic fiction the novel features a central character who rather than being disturbed by the end of the old world is enraptured by the chaotic reality that has come to replace it. The novel is an expansion of an out of print novella of the same title published in Science Fiction Adventures magazine in January 1962 Vol 4 No. 24.
 Oak View is an 1870 Second Empire style mansion in Norwood Massachusetts.
 Wagon Train to the Stars is a Star Trek: New Earth novel written by Diane Carey.
 The Charlemagne building is a high-rise in the European Quarter of Brussels which houses the Directorate-General for Economic and Financial Affairs the Directorate-General for Trade and the Directorate-General for Enlargement of the European Commission. The building has 3 wings and 15 floors. It is located at 170 Rue de la Loi/Wetstraat in the City of Brussels one of the 19 municipalities forming the Brussels-Capital Region.
 Brave Heart is a 1983 album by Thom Schuyler. It was his first album after signing a solo deal with Capitol Records and produced two top 30 singles.
 Edmund Sixtus Ed Muskie (March 28 1914 – March 26 1996) was an American politician from Rumford Maine. He served as Governor of Maine from 1955 to 1959 as a member of the United States Senate from 1959 to 1980 and as Secretary of State under Jimmy Carter from 1980 to 1981. Muskie was the Democratic nominee for Vice President in the 1968 presidential election and was a candidate for the Democratic nomination for President in 1972.
 Mount Bielawski or Mount Bielewski (with an e instead of an a) is located in the Santa Cruz Mountains of California near the San Francisco Bay Area. The mountain reaches an elevation of 3234 feet (986 m) just to the southwest of the Santa Cruz – Santa Clara county line and Highway 35.The summit is the highest point in Santa Cruz County.
 Lucky Cisco Kid is a 1940 western film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and starring Cesar Romero Mary Beth Hughes and Dana Andrews.
 Qeshlaq-e Farajollah Nemaz (Persian: قشلاق فرج اله نماز‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Farajollah Nemāz) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Charles R. Weiner (June 27 1922 – November 9 2005) was a United States federal judge and former member of the Pennsylvania Senate.Born in Philadelphia Pennsylvania Weiner was in the United States Navy during World War II from 1941 to 1945. He thereafter received an A.B. from the University of Pennsylvania in 1947 an LL.B. from Temple University School of Law in 1949 an M.A. from the University of Pennsylvania in 1967 and a Ph.D. from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1976.
 Eunice S. Groark (born February 1 1938) was elected the first female lieutenant governor of Connecticut in 1990. Groark ran on a ticket with Lowell Weicker both of whom were members of A Connecticut Party. Weicker/Groark won with 41 percent of the vote.
 Codename: Robotech is an animated pilot that preceded the original 1985 Robotech television series. It is set within the events of the First Robotech War.
 This Charmed Life was released by The Burning Hell in the spring of 2010. It is available only on LP at the band's live shows or as a digital download. The LP comes with a download code for the digital version of the album.
 Rising is the eleventh studio album by the American hard rock band Great White released in 2009. It was recorded in the winter of 2008 with completion in early 2009. Rising was mixed produced and engineered by Michael Lardie with all members of the group contributing to the final mix.
 The Toaderiş River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Mordellistena neuwaldeggiana is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Georg Wolfgang Franz Panzer in 1796.
 The Dushanbe Flagpole is a flagpole located in front of the Palace of Nations in Dushanbe Tajikistan. It is the tallest free-standing flagpole in the world at a height of 165 metres (541 feet) beating the 162 m (531 ft) National Flagpole in Azerbaijan the 160 m (525 ft) Panmunjeom Flagpole of Kijŏng-dong in North Korea and the 133 m (436 ft) Ashgabat Flagpole in Turkmenistan. The flagpole flies a 30 m × 60 m (98 ft × 197 ft) Flag of Tajikistan weighing 700 kilograms (1540 pounds).
 Cotta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Henry Edward Millar Smith (born 14 May 1969) is a British Conservative Party politician who was Leader of West Sussex County Council from 2003 to 2010. He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Crawley having been elected in the 2010 general election.
 Inger! (full title Inger! A Modern-Day Viking Discovers America) is a true story (dramatic nonfiction) book by American writer James N. Sites. It was released in 2006 by the Jesse Stuart Foundation. The story is a first-person account of the life of the writer Sites and his wife Inger the heroine of this book.
 Mravići is a village in the municipality of Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kohneh Gurab (Persian: كهنه گوراب‎ also Romanized as Kohneh Gūrāb) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 675 in 185 families.
 Fulgoraria is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae.
 The International House of Prayer (IHOP or IHOPKC) is an evangelical charismatic Pentecostal Christian missions organization based in Kansas City Missouri and the nearby suburb of Grandview that focuses on prayer worship and evangelism.It is most well known for the prayer room which has run 24/7 with live worship teams since September 19 1999 and subsequently broadcast on its website. Doctrinally IHOPKC is evangelical post-tribulational and affirms historic premillennialism.
 Yaqubabad (Persian: يعقوب اباد‎ also Romanized as Ya‘qūbābād; also known as Ya‘ghoob Abad) is a village in Bidak Rural District in the Central District of Abadeh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 443 in 121 families.
 Three of a Kind is an album by Dutch Boogie-woogie and Jazz pianist Rob Agerbeek.
 Robert 'Bob' Perciasepe (born February 19 1951) is the Deputy Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency. For almost 40 years Perciasepe has been an environmental manager with a background of local state and national experience.Prior to joining the Obama Administration Perciasepe was Chief Operating Officer for the environmental conservation non-profit National Audubon Society.
 Halfmoon Lake is a 282-acre (1.14 km2) water body located in Belknap County in central New Hampshire United States in the towns of Barnstead and Alton. The pond is part of the Suncook River watershed flowing south to the Merrimack River.
 The Black-shouldered Nightjar (Caprimulgus nigriscapularis) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Nigeria Rwanda Sierra Leone Sudan Togo and Uganda.
 Still is the BoDeans' 8th full length studio album. It was released on March 4 2008. It peaked at number 194 on the Billboard 200 chart and number 30 on the Top Independent Albums chart.
 Janice K. McGeachin (born January 18 1963 in Las Cruces New Mexico) is a Republican Idaho State Representative since 2002 representing District 32 in the A seat. McGeachin announced on February 24 2012 that she would not be seeking re-election.
 Eburia cacapyra is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that can be found in Ecuador.
 Lisle Denis Snell is a Norfolk Island politician who since 20 March 2013 has been the Chief Minister of Norfolk Island. He also serves as Minister for Tourism.Snell is a Pitcairn descendant. In 2013 he stated he believed Norfolk Island could become Independent of Australia.Before entering politics Snell was a tour guide.
 C. Muthuswamy Gounder (born 1917) was a Swatantra Party politician from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu who served as the Member of Parliament for Karur from 1967 to 1971.
 Why the Guilty Die Old is an ongoing remix album by the Colorado-based group Dethcentrik featuring remixes mostly of tracks from Why the Innocent Die Young.
 Egregor is the tenth studio album by the Serbian rock band Smak released in 1999. It was released as CD. Egregore is as it is stated on album psychological and spiritual energy that we create together.
 One Story is a literary magazine which publishes 18 issues a year each issue containing a single short story. The magazine was founded in 2002 by writers Hannah Tinti and Maribeth Batcha.
 The Human Goddess (Chinese: 仙女下凡 Sin Lui Ha Fan) is a 1972 Hong Kong fantasy film comedy directed by Ho Heng Hua.Lee Ching stars as an alluring fairy goddess who is irresistible to the opposite sex. She is able to manipulate men to achieve her goals and finds a man who in is charge of an orphanage.
 Oceana is the seventh studio album by keyboardist Derek Sherinian released on September 5 2011 through Music Theories Recordings.Joe Bonamassa posted in his forum after his Oceana tracking session Man.... This session was one of the most challenging of my career. To be in the studio with Derek Sherinian and Simon Phillips as daunting. A huge thanks to Both Derek and Simon for getting me through it.. I learned a lot. Oceana is a killer record... Highly recommended ...
 Puzhakkal River is a westward flowing river in Thrissur District of Kerala State in India. It originates from Killannoor Hills and empties into Thrissur Kole Wetlands. The total length of the river is 29 kilometres and a total of 234 sqkm drainage area. The main tributaries are Parathodu Naduthodu Poomalathadu and Kattachirathodu.
 Love Elections & Chocolate (恋と選挙とチョコレート Koi to Senkyo to Chokorēto also known as Koichoco (恋チョコ) for short) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Sprite which was released in Japan on October 29 2010 for Windows PCs and later ported to the PlayStation Portable on September 27 2012.
 The Streak-backed Canastero (Asthenes wyatti) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 L. Ganesan (born 24 April 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Tiruchirappalli constituency of Tamil Nadu and is a member of the Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (MDMK) political party. He has rebelled against Vaiko. In December 2006 Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (MDMK) general secretary Vaiko temporarily relieved the party's presidium chairman L. Ganesan and deputy general secretary Gingee N.
 708090 is a 1998 Yoshinori Sunahara album.
 Silvestre Silver Reyes (born November 10 1944) is the former U.S. Representative for Texas's 16th congressional district serving from 1997 to 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was Chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence between 2007 and 2011. In the Democratic Primary election on May 29 2012 Reyes lost by a margin wide enough to avert a runoff election to former El Paso city councilman Beto O'Rourke.
 Elachista fuscofrontella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Estonia and Latvia to the Russian Far East.The length of the forewings is about 3 millimetres (0.12 in). The ground colour of the forewings is dark grey strongly mottled with black tipped scales. The hindwings are brown. Adults have been recorded in August.
 Before I Self Destruct is the fourth studio album by American rapper 50 Cent released November 9 2009 on Interscope Records Shady Records and Aftermath Entertainment in the United States. It is his final solo release for his current contract with Interscope Records Shady Records and Aftermath Entertainment excluding a greatest hits album. A feature film also titled Before I Self Destruct was also made and is available within the album packaging.
 Phyllonorycter cretaceella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Arizona).The larvae feed on Quercus hypoleuca and Quercus hypoleucoides. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a yellowish and brownish blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf. There is a single wrinkle in the epidermis
 St Mary's Church Barkby is the Church of England Parish Church for Barkby Leicestershire England. The church mostly dates from the 13th century. It was grade I listed in 1966.
 Pigeons is second album from Brooklyn-based indie rock band Here We Go Magic and was released via Secretly Canadian in June 2010.
 Amhi Asu Laadke is a Marathi film released on 14 December 2005. The film is produced by Abhiram Bhadkamkar Amita Ambekar Hemant Patil and directed by Abhiram Bhadkamkar. The film portrays a poignant soul stirring touching human drama of “special children” and a young man’s journey to explore the true meaning of life.
 Cadwallader Colden (7 February 1688 – 28 September 1776) was a physician farmer surveyor botanist and a lieutenant governor for the Province of New York.
 Lela Alston (born June 26 1942 in Phoenix Arizona) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Arizona House of Representatives representing District 24 since January 14 2013. Alston previously served consecutively from January 10 2011 until January 14 2013 in the District 11 seat and non-consecutively in the Arizona State Legislature from January 1977 until January 1995 in the Arizona Senate.
 Nyctibatrachus minor is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to India. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dolichopus is a European species of fly in family Dolichopodidae.
 The Valea Socilor River is a tributary of the Runcu River in Romania.
 Agate Lake is a reservoir located 1510 feet (460 m) above sea level in Jackson County Oregon United States. It is 13 miles (21 km) northeast of Medfordjust north of Roxy Ann Peak. The lake is formed by the 86-foot (26 m) tall Agate Dam which impounds Dry Creek in the Rogue River watershed.
 Kiisa is a village in Sauga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Zor Lagaa Ke...Haiya! is a 2009 Indian children's film starring Mithun Chakraborty and Mahesh Manjrekar. The film attracted media attention for its environmental message of Save our Trees. Amitabh Bachchan narrated the film.
 Orthocomotis herbacea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Guatemala and Costa Rica to Ecuador (Pichincha Province Loja Province) and Venezuela.Larvae have been reared on Persea americana.
 Asa Palmer French (January 29 1860 - September 17 1935) was an American attorney who served as the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts from 1906 to 1914.French was born on January 29 1860. His father was a Commissioner of the Court of Alabama Claims. In 1882 French graduated from Yale University where he served on the tenth editorial board of The Yale Record and was a member of Skull and Bones.
 My Many Colored Days is a children's book written by Dr. Seuss.Accompanying a manuscript Dr. Seuss wrote in 1973 was a letter outlining his hopes of finding a great color artist who will not be dominated by me. The late Dr. Seuss saw his original text about feelings and moods as part of the first book ever to be based on beautiful illustrations and sensational color. It was published posthumously in 1996 by Alfred A. Knopf after Seuss's death in 1991.
 Porganak (Persian: پرگانك‎ also Romanized as Porgānaḵ; also known as Parchūnag Porgūnak and Porjānak) is a village in Dehrud Rural District Eram District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 670 in 140 families.
 The Frankfort Cemetery is located on East Main Street in Frankfort Kentucky. The cemetery is the burial site of Daniel Boone and contains the graves of other famous Americans including seventeen Kentucky governors.
 Off the Road: Twenty Years with Cassady Kerouac and Ginsberg is an autobiographical book by Carolyn Cassady. Originally published in 1990 as Off the Road: My Years with Cassady Kerouac and Ginsberg it was republished by London's Black Spring Press coinciding with the fiftieth anniversary of Jack Kerouac's seminal On the Road. Off the Road recounts the history of Carolyn Cassady wife of Jack Kerouac's traveling companion and On the Road's hero Neal Cassady.
 Full Circle is the ninth studio album by American country music artist Randy Travis. His last album for Warner Bros. Records (not counting his later country-gospel works for Word/Warner/Curb) the album produced four singles: Are We in Trouble Now Would I Price to Pay and a cover of Roger Miller's hit single King of the Road. This cover was also featured in the soundtrack to the 1997 film Traveller.
 Two Bones is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller recorded in 1958 but not released until the Japanese King Records label issued it in 1979 under license. The session (plus additional alternate takes) was finally released in the U.S. as part of the Mosaic Records box set The Complete Blue Note/UA Curtis Fuller Sessions in 1996.
 The Valea Mărului River is a tributary of the Olt river in Romania.
 David Agry (August 2 1794 – January 30 1877) was an American lawyer jurist and legislator. He served as a member of the Wisconsin Territorial House of Representatives and the Wisconsin State Assembly.
 Steve William Abana (born 1969 in Fourau Malaita) is a Solomon Islands politician. He is currently Member of Parliament for Fataleka and was the Leader of Her Majesty's Opposition from August 2010 to March 2011.Abana studied at the Fiji College of Agriculture (FCA) where he obtained a Diploma in Tropical Agriculture. Before his political career he was a teacher at the Honiara High School. He then entered business exporting cocoa during the height of the ethnic tension.
 Ofterschwanger Horn is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Welcome to Hungary! The Tommy Vig Orchestra 2012 Featuring David Murray is a 2011 album by jazz vibraharpist Tommy Vig. It was released on the Klasszikus Jazz Records label and features performances by Vig David Murray Istvan Elek Ferenc Schreck Balazs Cserta and Rozsa Farkas.
 Thanga Mama 3D is a 1985 Tamil-language Indian 3D film feature film directed by K. Simon starring Sasikala with Arun in lead roles.
 Ratva is a village in Mäetaguse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Białków [ˈbjau̯kuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cybinka within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Cybinka 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Słubice 55 km (34 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra and 70 km (43 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 600.
 The Jacuí-Mirim River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Valea Șindilei is a headwater of the Valea Cetăţii River in Romania
 Heidehöhe is a hill of Brandenburg Germany.
 Schistophleps lofaushanensis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Daniel in 1951. It is found in southern China.
 The Haparapara River is a river in the Bay of Plenty area of New Zealand. It starts in the Raukumara Range and flows north-west to join the Waikakariki River which exits in the South Pacific Ocean at Omaio Bay 9 km south of Te Kaha.
 Chrome Shelled Regios (鋼殻のレギオス Kōkaku no Regiosu) is a Japanese light novel series by Shūsuke Amagi with illustrations by Miyū. A short story light novel series is serialized in Dragon Magazine. A manga adaptation drawn by Miyū is serialized in the shōnen manga magazine Dragon Age Pure. A second manga adaptation drawn by Nodoka Kiyose is serialized in the shōnen manga magazine Monthly Dragon Age. A third manga adaptation drawn by Watari is serialized in Beans Ace magazine.
 Mount Ayanganna is a sandstone tepui in the Pakaraima Mountains of western Guyana 85 kilometres east of Mount Roraima at 5°23′N 59°59′W. With a height of 2041 metres (6696 feet) it is the easternmost tepui taller than 2000 metres.
 Dziekanów Polski [d͡ʑeˈkanuf ˈpɔlski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Łomianki 17 km (11 mi) north of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Ajan Yili (Persian: اجن يلي‎ also Romanized as Ājan Yīlī) is a village in Aq Su Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 738 in 163 families.
 Keezhthonnakkal is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Parazyxomma is a genus of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae. It contains only one species Parazyxomma flavicans (Martin 1908) - the Banded Duskdarter. It is widespread and common in much of west Africa and central Africa.
 Eupithecia mitigata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Afghanistan Tajikistan Kyrgyzstan southern Kazakhstan north-western China (Xinjiang) and Kashmir.Adults are unicolorous dark grey.
 Letters From the Devil: The Lost Writing of Anton Szandor LaVey is a volume are over 60 tabloid newspaper articles written by the founder of the Church of Satan long thought to be lost. It was published in 2010 by Lulu.
 Małogoskie [mawɔˈɡɔskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strawczyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Strawczyn and 17 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 130.
 William Almon Wheeler (June 30 1819 – June 4 1887) was a Representative from New York and the 19th Vice President of the United States (1877–1881).
 Lipniak [ˈlipɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Stanin 18 km (11 mi) west of Łuków and 82 km (51 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 V. Mahendrao was an Indian civil servant and administrator. He was the administrator of Mahe from July 10 1979 to April 14 1980.
 An American Citizen was a 1914 American silent romantic comedy film directed by J. Searle Dawley. The film is noteworthy as the debut of John Barrymore. Distributed by Famous Players Film Company the film is based on the 1897 Broadway play of the same name by Madeleine Lucette Reilly. The film is now presumed lost.
 The Church of St Peter and St Paul (Croatian: Crkva svetog Petra i Pavla) the co-cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Đakovo-Osijek is a neo-Gothic sacral structure located in Osijek Croatia. The multi-tiered 90-metre spire is one of the city's landmarks. The church was built in 1898 on the initiative of the Bishop of Đakovo Josip Juraj Strossmayer.The church is entered via a small door to the right of the main portal overlooked by a trio of gargoyles.
 Brent J. Crane (born July 2 1974 in Nampa Idaho) is a Republican Idaho State Representative since 2006 representing District 13 in the A seat.
 The Temple and the Lodge is a book written by Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh that claims to trace a link between the suppressed Knights Templar and modern day Freemasonry. The book is usually described as speculative history although the Borders chain lists it as Pseudohistory.
 Antaeus was a literary quarterly founded by Daniel Halpern and Paul Bowles and edited by Daniel Halpern. It was originally published in Tangier Morocco but operations were later shifted to New York City. The first number appeared in the summer of 1970 the final issue (#75/76) in 1994. Beginning with the third issue the magazine bore the imprint of the Ecco Press which eventually became established as a book publisher.
 Mazinger Z (マジンガーZ Majingā Zetto) known briefly as Tranzor Z in the United States is a Japanese super robot manga series written and illustrated by Go Nagai. The first manga version was serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump from October 1972 to August 1973 and it later continued in Kodansha TV Magazine from October 1973 to September 1974. It was adapted into an anime television series which aired on Fuji TV from December 1972 to September 1974.
 Shanghai Grand also known as Shanghai Grand 1996 to differentiate this film from the more illustrious 1980 television series of the same Chinese title is a 1996 Hong Kong action crime drama film directed by Poon Man-kit and starring Andy Lau Leslie Cheung and Ning Jing.This film was directed by Poon Man-kit and produced by Tsui Hark and his production company Film Workshop.
 Jannatabad (Persian: جنتاباد‎) also Jannatābād is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tangier Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 I Spit on Your Corpse also known as Fatal Pursuit and Girls for Rent is a 1974 crime film directed by cult director Al Adamson and distributed on DVD by Troma Entertainment.
 Steinbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Various is a children's fantasy novel written and illustrated by Steve Augarde published in 2003. It is the first book of the Touchstone Trilogy which continues with Celandine and Winter Wood. The trilogy tells the story of the hidden tribes of little people who live in a tangled forest on a hill in Somerset and their interactions with the children at the farm on whose land the hill stands.
 Ulukışlatolu Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Gallant Fox (March 23 1927 - November 13 1954) was a United States Thoroughbred horseracing champion. In a racing career which lasted from 1929 to 1930 he ran seventeen times and won eleven races. As a three-year-old in 1930 he won nine of his ten races and became the second horse to win the U.S. Triple Crown. The term Triple Crown was not commonly used at the time but was employed by the New York Times to describe the colt's achievements.
 David G. Perry (born July 31 1952 in Oak Hill West Virginia) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 32 since January 12 2013. Perry served consecutively from January 2001 until January 2013 in a District 29 seat.
 Brickland is a historic plantation home located near Kenbridge Lunenburg County Virginia. The original section was built about 1818 with an addition built about 1822 and rear addition in 1920. It is a 2 1/2-story eight bay brick dwelling in the Federal style. The front facade features a gable-roof porch with paired Tuscan order columns. Also on the property are the contributing pump house smokehouse (c. 1820) Lunenburg County's first post office (c. 1900) a summer kitchen (c.
 Pharaoh Overlord #2 is the second album by Finnish experimental rock band Pharaoh Overlord. It was released on CD in 2003 by No Quarter Records. It features three members of krautrock-influenced rock band Circle indulging their love for stoner rock. Like its predecessor the album is completely instrumental and the tracks follow a basic model of repetitive riffs. However it is a much more subdued record than Pharaoh Overlord #1 even featuring acoustic guitars in places.
 Girls of Riyadh or Banat al-Riyadh (Arabic: بنات الرياض‎) is a novel by Rajaa Alsanea. The book written in the form of e-mails recounts the personal lives of four young Saudi girls Lamees Michelle (half Saudi half American) Gamrah and Sadeem.
 Madame la Presidente is a surviving 1916 silent film comedy produced by Oliver Morosco and directed by Frank Lloyd. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and stars Broadway legend and musical comedy star Anna Held in what would be her final and only feature length film. The film is based on a play Madame Presidente that starred Fannie Ward on Broadway.
 Donald Elliott Hines (born November 14 1933) is a family physician in Bunkie in Avoyelles Parish Louisiana who was from 1993 to 2008 a member of the Louisiana State Senate for District 28. In his last term from 2004 to 2008 he was the Senate President under his political ally Democratic former Governor Kathleen Babineaux Blanco.Hines completed his undergraduate studies from the University of Louisiana at Lafayette and obtained his M.D.
 Odds and Evens (Italian: Pari e dispari also known as Trinity: Gambling for High Stakes) is an Italian action-comedy movie directed in 1978 by Sergio Corbucci. In 1979 it was awarded with the Golden Screen Award along with Superman and Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
 Raúl M. Grijalva (/rɑːˈuːl ɡrɪˈhælvə/; born February 19 1948) is the U.S. Representative for Arizona's 3rd congressional district serving since 2003. He is a member of the Democratic Party. The district numbered as the 7th District from 2003 to 2013 includes the western third of Tucson all of Yuma and Nogales and some peripheral parts of metro Phoenix.
 Black Arrow (1944) is a Columbia film serial. It was the twenty-fourth of the fifty-seven serials released by Columbia.
 Mulberry Fields is a historic home located at Beauvue St. Mary's County Maryland United States. It was built about 1763 and is a large 2 1⁄2-story 5-bay by 2-bay hip-roofed brick house. On the front is a two-story Doric portico built about 1820.
 H.P. Lovecraft’s Cthulhu: The Whisperer in Darkness was a three-part comic book mini-series published by Millennium Publications that followed a group of investigators the Miskatonic Project as they confronted the Mi-go the cunning Fungi from Yuggoth.
 Warm Worlds and Otherwise is a short story collection by Alice Sheldon that under her pen name James Tiptree Jr. was first published in 1975. In its introduction Who is Tiptree What is He? fellow science fiction author Robert Silverberg wrote that he found the theory that Tiptree was female absurd and that the author of these stories could only be a man.
 The Wami River lies entirely within the African nation of Tanzania in the Pwani Region and Morogoro Region in eastern Tanzania. Its source is specified in the Kaguru Mountains and it flows East entering the Indian Ocean west of Zanzibar. But its catchment area extends from the Kinyasangwe River to far beyond Dodoma to the southern edge of the Maasai Steppe and is denoted with 43946 km².
 The Chennai Citi Centre is a shopping mall in Mylapore Chennai India. It was opened in 2006. According to Cushman and Wakefield a global real estate consultancy firm it is one of the most expensive shopping malls in Chennai.[citation needed]
 Dâmbovița Lake (Lacul Dâmbovița) is a lake situated on Dâmboviţa river in Bucharest and Chiajna west of Morii Lake and bordering Morii Lake. It has an area of 55 ha. The lake is 3 km from the center of Bucharest (University Square) and is located between: Morii Lake to the East Giulești district at North Chiajna and Rosu Forest at South. A project underground highway a tunnel which will link Morii Lake and Dambovita Lake (also Chiajna) to Civic Center (Unirii Square) and A1 freeway
 El libro de recuerdos is a repackaging of the albums Matter Has A Breaking Point & Missing You Dearly by indie rock band Twothirtyeight.
 Prays gamma is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Japan.The wingspan is about 14 mm.
 The Definite Tussock Moth or Definite-marked Tussock Moth (Orgyia definita) is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found from Maine and southern Quebec to South Carolina Mississippi Louisiana and New England also found in Minnesota.The wingspan is about 30 mm for males. Adult males are brown with a darker pattern and some white markings while females are wingless.The larvae feed on Salix Quercus Tilia Ulmus Betula Acer rubrum and Hamamelis virginiana.
 Oatsurae Jirokichi Koshi (御誂治郎吉格子 Jirokichi the Rat) is a 1931 black and white Japanese silent film with benshi accompaniment directed by Daisuke Itō. It is the only completely preserved silent film directed by Ito and related the life of a legendary thief Jirokichi the Rat in an exquisite original story and through the revolutionary use of dynamic intertitles.
 William (Bill) Hubert Rompkey PC (born May 13 1936) is a Canadian educator who served as Member of Parliament from 1972 to 1995 and a senator from 1995 to 2011.
 Always Kabhi Kabhi (meaning 'Always Sometimes') is a 2011 Hindi romance film directed by Roshan Abbas and produced by Shahrukh Khan under Red Chillies Entertainment. It introduced Ali Fazal along with Giselli Monteiro while Zoa Morani Satish Shah Lilette Dubey Vijay Raaz Mukesh Tiwari and Manoj Joshi play supporting roles. The film released on 17 June 2011. It focuses on four teenagers embarking on a dramatic journey during their incident-packed final year at school.
 Bishop's House is a historic building in downtown Portland Oregon. It is in the city's Yamhill Historic District.When the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese was moved to Portland from Oregon City Archbishop William Hickley Gross constructed the Bishop's House as his official residence.[citation needed] Originally the building contained a church library the Archbishop's living quarters and an insurance agent's office.
 Zarrinabad (Persian: زرين آباد‎ also Romanized as Zarrīnābād) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 47 families.
 Edward Hyde Villiers 5th Earl of Clarendon PC (11 February 1846 – 2 October 1914) styled Lord Hyde between 1846 and 1870 was a British Liberal Unionist politician. He served as Lord Chamberlain of the Household between 1900 and 1905.
 The Common Treebrown Lethe rohria is a species of Satyrine butterfly found in Asia.
 Kemmler is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Beyond the Season (stylized as Beyºnd the Seasºn) is the first Christmas album by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on August 25 1992 and peaked at number 2 on both of Billboard magazine's Billboard 200 and Top Country Albums sales charts that year. Beyond the Season was also the best-selling Christmas/holiday album of 1992 in the United States with sales of 1542000 copies for the year. As of December 2008 it has sold a total of 2649000 copies in the U.S.
 A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master is a 1988 American slasher fantasy film and the fourth film in the Nightmare on Elm Street series. The film was directed by Renny Harlin stars Robert Englund Lisa Wilcox and Danny Hassel.
 Arthur V. Sheridan (1888 - June 20 1952) was a Bronx Engineer who served as Bronx Borough Commissioner of Public Works from 1942 to 1952 under Bronx Borough President James J. Lyons and Arterial Coordinator Robert Moses.
 The New York Law Journal founded in 1888 is a legal periodical covering the legal profession in New York United States. The newspaper covers legal news decisions court calendars and legislation and provides analysis and insight in columns written by leading professionals.
 Thomas Boy Guest was an Ontario political figure. He represented Perth South in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1871 to 1874. He was born in Ireland in 1816.He served as reeve of St. Mary's in 1855 to 1856 warden for Perth County in 1856 and mayor of St. Mary's in 1864. He was also lieutenant-colonel of the local militia. He died at St. Mary's in 1884 and was buried at the St. Mary's Protestant Cemetery.
 Kursi Aur Qanoon is a Pakistani Punjabi film directed by Masood Butt.
 Darreh Lar Alijan (Persian: داره لارعليجان‎ also Romanized as Dārreh Lār ʿAlījān) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ali Abu al-Ragheb (Arabic: علي أبو الراغب‎) (born 1946) was the Prime Minister of Jordan from June 19 2000 until October 25 2003. He resigned and was replaced by Faisal al-Fayez.Prime Minister Ali Abu Ragheb was born in Amman Jordan in 1946. He obtained his BSc in Civil Engineering in 1967 from the University of Tennessee in the United States.Abu Ragheb was partner and managing director of National Engineering and Contracting Co from 1971-1991.
 Benjamin S. W. Clark (May 27 1829 – October 19 1912) was an American merchant and politician from New York. He was the first New York State Superintendent of Public Works.
 Venomous is the fourth studio album by Indonesian metal band Burgerkill produced by Yayat Ahdiat and Burgerkill. Venomous is the first album to feature the vocals of lead vocalist Vicky. The album was a local success. In the first week of album promo concert at Bandung Berisik a local metal venue about 1000 compact disks were sold.Venomous was listed #3rd rank after Satu Untuk Berbagi and Jemima as the best studio album release for 2011 by Rolling Stone Indonesia magazine.
 The V3 Tower is a 39-floor tower in the Jumeirah Lake Towers in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of The V3 Tower is expected to be completed in 2008.
 Turritella yucatecana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 The Southern Flathead or Yank Flathead is a common species of flathead found around the southern coast and offshore islands of Australia growing to 90 cm and inhabiting a depth of from 8 to 30 metres
 Acalyptris melanospila is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1934. It is known from Bombay India. The hostplant for the species is Randia dumetorum.
 Charles Lester (Chuck) Nergard (born February 6 1929) was an American politician in the state of Florida.Nergard was born in Chicago in 1929 and moved to Florida in 1956. He attended Schurz Junior College Wright Junior College and George Williams College.As a Republican he represented the 76th District encompassing St. Lucie County Florida from 1967 to 1976 and from 1978 to 1990.He is married to Catherine Misheck also of Chicago. They have two children.
 The Karoo Scrub Robin or Karoo Robin (Cercotrichas coryphaeus) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is found in Lesotho Namibia and South Africa. Its natural habitats are dry shrubland and Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation.
 Qezel Hesar (Persian: قزل حصار‎ also Romanized as Qezel Ḩeşār; also known as Ghezel Hesan and Qizil Hisār) is a village in Mofatteh Rural District in the Central District of Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 33 families.
 Beneath the City Streets: A Private Inquiry into the Nuclear Preoccupations of Government is a book by British author Peter Laurie. It details the existence and necessity of underground bunkers food depots and government safe havens throughout underground London.
 The Bullock-Clifton House is a historic home in the Deer Park neighborhood of Louisville Kentucky USA. It is the oldest known surviving wood-frame structure in Jefferson County.
 Château de Lascoux is a château in Celles Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Dasi Aparanji (ta: தாஸி அபரஞ்சி) is a 1944 Indian Tamil film directed by B. N. Rao and produced by S. S. Vasan. The film stars Pushpavalli Kothamangalam Seenu M. K. Radha Kothamangalam Subbu L. Narayana Rao and Sundari Bai.
 Weird Tales #4 is an anthology edited by Lin Carter the fourth and last in his paperback revival of the classic fantasy and horror magazine Weird Tales.
 This article describes the 18th album in the New Zealand Now series. It should not be confused with the original UK album of the same name. For more information see Now! That's What I Call Music 18 (UK series).Now That's What I Call Music 18 or Now 18 was released in 2005. The album is the 18th edition of the (NZ) Now! series. The album was certified multi-platinum and reached #1 on the New Zealand charts.
 Last Bus to Woodstock is a crime novel by Colin Dexter the first of 13 novels in his Inspector Morse series.
 Darkel is the debut solo album by Darkel (Jean-Benoît Dunckel) one-half of the French electronica band Air. It was released in September 2006 (see 2006 in music).
 Bear Lake (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Don Walko was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 20th District. Walko was elected in 1994 and was in office until 2010. He resigned on January 3 after being elected a judge for the 5th District of the Allegheny County Court Common Pleas.Don has a son named Nick who was adopted from the country of Chile. Nick's original name is Jorge.
 12 éxitos para 2 guitarras flamencas (12 Hits for 2 Flamenco Guitars) is the third of three collaboration albums between Paco de Lucía & Ricardo Modrego.
 Gallier Hall is a historic building on St. Charles Avenue in New Orleans Louisiana. It is the former New Orleans city hall and continues in civic use. Gallier Hall is located on St. Charles Avenue at Lafeyette Square in the Central Business District. The building was originally designed to be the city hall of New Orleans by the noted architect James Gallier Sr.. Construction began in 1845 and the building was dedicated on 10 May 1853.
 Chelsea Chapman is a Republican Party activist. He is the Secretary General of the Young Republicans.
 Bruce Cameron Young is an Australian Liberal National politician who is the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Keppel having defeated Paul Hoolihan at the 2012 state election.
 Bluebeard (French: Barbe Bleue) is a 2009 French fantasy film directed by Catherine Breillat.
 Dubrava Križovljanska is a village in Croatia near the border with Slovenia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Darreh-ye Quti (Persian: دره قوطي‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Qūṭī; also known as Darreh-ye Qaṭī) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 22 families.
 Forester is best known for his famous series of Horatio Hornblower novels which he began in 1937; few of his other works are well-known: The General (1936) and The African Queen (1935) are exceptions and remain popular.The General follows the career of Herbert Curzon from his experiences in the Second Boer War to the happy day when he is given command of his regiment on the outbreak of the Great War.
 Guns & Ammo is a magazine dedicated to firearms hunting competitive shooting reloading and other shooting-related activities in the United States.The magazine primarily offers reviews on guns ammunition scopes and shooting gear; as well as historical articles gun collecting self-defense and alerts on gun rights.
 Burgruine Rauchenkatsch is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Collectible Spoons is a greatest hits collection by the Burlington band Spoons. It includes material from their first four albums on Ready Records (including a couple of tracks from their lesser-known debut album Stick Figure Neighbourhood) but ignores the last two (much more guitar-driven) albums Bridges Over Borders and Vertigo Tango on Anthem Records. This CD is now out-of-print.
 Lt. Gen Nirbhay Sharma is the Governor of Arunachal Pradesh.Born in Lucknow (Uttar Pradesh) in 1946 he is a product of the National Defence Academy and was commissioned in the Indian Army in 1966. General Sharma is one of the most distinguished and decorated Field Commanders of the Indian Army.Most of his assignments have dealt with Jammu & Kashmir and the North Eastern States; the last assignment being a Corps Commander and Security Advisor to the Government of J&K.
 Oplerclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Jacquelyn Kirtley O'Brien (July 23 1931 – November 19 2013) was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1985 to 2001. She is a Republican. Her district consisted of a portion of southeastern Hamilton County Ohio. She was succeeded by Tom Brinkman Jr. also a Republican. Appointed in 1985 to complete the unexpired term left by the death of her husband state Rep.
 Mount Pisgah is a mountain in Westmore Vermont. It is located on the east side of Lake Willoughby. It is part of the Northeastern Highlands of Vermont.It is located on the east side of Lake Willoughby and constitutes the east side of Willoughby Notch (Willoughby Gap). There are hiking trails.The cliffs contain alpine plants protected because no trails lead to or through them.
 Voltunteers is the eighth full-length studio album by British post-punk band Spear of Destiny. The album features a re-recording of their greatest hit Never Take Me Alive.
 Pike Place Market is a public market overlooking the Elliott Bay waterfront in Seattle Washington United States. The Market opened August 17 1907 and is one of the oldest continuously operated public farmers' markets in the United States. It is a place of business for many small farmers craftspeople and merchants.
 The JW Marriott Essex House opened in 1931 and commonly known as the Essex House is a 44-story luxury hotel with 509 Art Deco style rooms located at 160 Central Park South in Manhattan across the street from the southern border of Central Park. The building also includes a large number of condominium residences.
 Winzenhohler Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mangelia perattenuata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Grave Peril is a 2001 contemporary fantasy novel by author Jim Butcher. It is the third novel in The Dresden Files which follows the character of Harry Dresden present-day Chicago's only professional wizard.
 Epistemological Letters was a hand-typed mimeographed underground physics newsletter about quantum physics that was sent out to a private mailing list or what physicist John Clauser called a quantum subculture between 1973 and 1984.Distributed by a Swiss foundation the newsletter was created because mainstream academic journals were reluctant to publish articles about the philosophy of quantum mechanics especially anything that implied support for issues such as action at a distance.
 Dowlatabad-e Olya (Persian: دولتابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Daulatābād and Dowlatābād) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 26 families.
 Nightmare on the 13th Floor is a 1990 made-for-TV movie which originally aired on the USA Network on Halloween 1990. It stars Michele Greene as travel writer Elaine Kalisher James Brolin as Dr. Alan Lanier and Louise Fletcher as Letti Gordon.
 Ecology Letters is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell and the French National Centre for Scientific Research. Marcel Holyoak (University of California Davis) took over as editor-in-chief from Michael Hochberg in 2008. The journal covers research on all aspects of ecology.
 Danger Money is the second album by the group U.K. featuring John Wetton Eddie Jobson and Terry Bozzio. It was released by E.G. Records / Polydor in March 1979. The Only Thing She Needs Caesar's Palace Blues and Carrying No Cross had been performed on tour throughout 1978 (and an early version of Carrying No Cross included what became the intro to the title track) by the band's original line-up with Bill Bruford and Allan Holdsworth.
 First Base is an album by the rock music group Babe Ruth. Produced by Alan Shacklock and Nick Mobbs and engineered by Tony Clark at the EMI's Abbey Road Studios between June and September 1972 it was released that year.The album went gold in Canada sold well in the US but had disappointing sales by comparison in the UK. The song The Mexican has been covered and remixed many times. Among them it was covered in 1984 by John Jellybean Benitez with vocals by Janita Haan.
 Savage Planet is a Sci Fi Pictures original film that premiered August 12 2006 on the Sci Fi Channel.
 Terrence B. Terry Miller (November 10 1942 – April 13 1989) was an American businessman and politician. Miller served as the sixth Lieutenant Governor of Alaska from 1978 to 1982. His political career which began while he was in his early 20s lasted over two decades and was cut short by his death from bone cancer at age 46.
 Planogyra is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Valloniidae.
 Walter John Chilsen (born November 11 1923) was a Republican member of the Wisconsin Senate representing the 29th District from 1967 to 1990.Chilsen attended Northwestern University and later graduated with a BS from Lawrence University in 1949. He was a veteran of World War II serving in the United States Army Air Forces from 1943 to 1945.He was a co-founder and board member of the Marathon County Workshop for the Handicapped.
 Pol-e Abgineh (Persian: پل ابگينه‎ also Romanized as Pol-e Ābgīneh; also known as Deh-i-Pul-i-Ābgīneh Dehpol Ābgīneh and Pol-e Āgīneh) is a village in Balyan Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 365 in 83 families.
 Perfect Crime is a 1987 Off Broadway play in the murder mystery/thriller genre written by Warren Manzi. It tells the story of Margaret Thorne Brent an accomplished Connecticut psychiatrist and potential cold-blooded killer who may have committed the perfect crime. When her wealthy husband W.
 Memories of Murder (also known as Passing through Veils) is a 1990 action–crime television film starring Nancy Allen directed by Robert Lewis and written by John Harrison.Memories of Murder is the first of many original films that would be produced for the Lifetime Television Network and due to its popularity would subsequently be released on VHS and DVD on July 31 1990. Musical personality Vanity co-stars. The film was shot in British Columbia.
 Richard Gavin Gardiner Casey Baron Casey KG GCMG CH DSO MC PC FAA (29 August 1890 – 17 June 1976) was an Australian politician and diplomat who served as the colonial governor of Bengal between 1944 and 1946 and as the 16th Governor-General of Australia between 7 May 1965 and 30 April 1969.
 The Royal Hospital Chelsea is a retirement home and nursing home for some 300 British soldiers who are unfit for further duty due to injury or old age located on Royal Hospital Road in Chelsea London in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. It is a true hospital in the original sense of the word – that is a place where hospitality was provided.
 The Schwartz's Antthrush (Chamaeza turdina) also known as the Scalloped Antthrush is a species of bird in the Formicariidae family. It is found in humid highland forests in the Andes of Colombia and the Coastal Range in Venezuela. The Colombian population belongs to the nominate subspecies while the Venezuelan belongs to chionogaster. Long included as a subspecies of the Rufous-tailed Antthrush it was only recognized as a separate species in 1992.
 The Radicalism of the American Revolution is a nonfiction book by historian Gordon S. Wood published by Vintage in 1993. In the book Wood explores the radical character of the American Revolution. The book was awarded the 1993 Pulitzer Prize for History.
 Naqsheh-ye Naser (Persian: نقشه نصار‎ also Romanized as Naqsheh-ye Naṣār; also known as Naqsheh) is a village in Nasar Rural District Arvandkenar District Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 16 families.
 Pogwizdów [pɔɡˈvizduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Charsznica within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Charsznica 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Miechów and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 250.
 Do You Be is the sixth album by Meredith Monk released in January 1987 through ECM New Series.
 Pig Heaven was the second EP by White Zombie under their label Silent Explosion in 1986. Two different pressings of this album were created (the only differences between the two being the different guitarists and the altered cover art) both of which were limited to 500 copies each. It was at this time Peter Landau was replaced by Ivan de Prume (who would stay with the band until after the release of La Sexorcisto: Devil Music Vol.
 Vjačeslavs Dombrovskis (born 27 December 1977 in Rīga) is a Latvian politician and economist who serves as the Minister for Education and Science of Latvia.Dombrovskis has a bachelor's degree from the University of Latvia in economics and finance and a doctor's degree from Clark University in economics. Dombrovskis gained Latvian citizenship through the naturalization process in 1997.
 The Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology is an international peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes original research and review articles on the entire field of obstetrics and gynecology with an emphasis on practical applicability. The journal publishes a wide range of papers including scientific and clinical research reviews case reports and supplements on clinical symposia.
 Connelly Sadakabatu born 11 June 1956 is a Solomon Islands politician.He studied tropical agriculture at the Popondetta Agricultural College in Papua New Guinea obtained a diploma in teaching agriculture at the University of Papua New Guinea in 1986 and then a Masters degree in Agriculture at the University of Western Sydney in 1996.
 The Boy Inside (王様とボク Osama to Boku literally The King and I) is a 2012 Japanese drama film directed and written by Tetsu Maeda. It is Maeda's thirteenth film. The plot centers on a boy named Morio who has the IQ of a 6-year-old and his childhood friend who tries to get him to fit into the society. This film is based on the manga with same name by Yamada Naito. The film was released in Japan on September 22 2012.
 John T. Vines (born September 14 1973) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives representing District 25 since January 2011.
 Tavileh-ye Yek (Persian: طويله يك‎ also Romanized as Ţavīleh-ye Yek) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 7 families.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Ramjin Rural District Chaharbagh District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 35 families.
 The General Felix K. Zollicoffer Monument in Pulaski County Kentucky near Nancy Kentucky commemorates the death of Confederate Gen. Felix K. Zollicoffer who died here at the Battle of Mill Springs. A native of nearby Tennessee like Robert E. Lee he fought for the Confederacy out of loyalty for his state rather than having interest in the Southern cause.
 Jir Deh (Persian: جيرده‎ also Romanized as Jīr Deh; also known as Jardi Jowr Deh Jūr Deh and Jurdi) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 28 families.
 Nua Bou (Oriya: ନୂଆ ବୋଉ) is a 1962 Indian Oriya film directed by Prabhat Mukherjee which presents the sociocultural scenario of rural village in India in 1970s.
 Spiral: The Bonds of Reasoning (スパイラル〜推理の絆 Spiral: Suiri no Kizuna) is a fifteen-volume shōnen mystery manga series written by Kyou Shirodaira and illustrated by Eita Mizuno. It was published by Enix and then Square Enix in Monthly Shōnen Gangan from February 2000 to October 2005 and collected in 15 bound volumes. The series focuses on Ayumu Narumi and his efforts to solve the mystery of the Blade Children cursed geniuses with cat-like eyes lacking a seventh rib bone.
 Variations on Swing is the debut LP by British post-hardcore outfit Meet Me in St. Louis. It was released September 24 2007 on BSM Records and will be soon released as a 12 on Denovali Records.The track I Beat Up The Bathroom I'm Sorry is a collaboration between Meet Me In St. Louis and Yndi Halda guitar player James Vella. Yndi Halda bass player Brendan Grieve also appears on the recording.
 Iain Gray (born 7 June 1957) is a Scottish politician currently a Labour Party Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for the East Lothian constituency. He was the leader of Scottish Labour in the Scottish Parliament from 13 September 2008 to 17 December 2011. He resigned following his party's defeat in the 2011 Scottish Parliament elections.
 Operation Duryodhana is a 2007 Telugu political film loosely inspired by the 2005 sting operation of the same name. The movie was written and directed by Posani Krishna Murali starring Meka Srikanth in lead role. Srikanth has earned a nomination for Filmfare Best Actor – Telugu for his portrayal in the movie.
 Tikoloshanes eretiformis is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Tikoloshanes.
 The Genius After Hours is a 1961 album by Ray Charles. All of the songs were taken from the same three studio sessions that created the album The Great Ray Charles which featured the use of both a trio and a septet; the latter arranged by Quincy Jones. Also appearing on the album is David Fathead Newman on tenor and alto as well as the trumpeter Joseph Bridgewater. It was reissued in 1985 by Atlantic Jazzlore.
 .info (originally INFO=64) was a computer magazine covering Commodore 8-bit computers and later the Amiga. It was published from 1983 to 1992.
 The Bengali Night (French: La nuit Bengali) is a 1988 semi-autobiographical film based upon the Mircea Eliade 1933 Romanian novel Bengal Nights directed by Nicolas Klotz and starring Hugh Grant and the Indian actors Soumitra Chatterjee Supriya Pathak and Shabana Azmi.
 Bhakta Vidur (Hindi: भक्त विदुर Devotion of Vidura) is a 1921 silent Indian Hindi film directed by Kanjibhai Rathod and made under Kohinoor Film Company banner. In this film the Hindu mythological character Vidura was moulded on the personality of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi. This was the first Indian film to face a ban.
 Journal of the West is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history and culture of the American West. Each issue of the journal is highlighted by a series of articles on a theme central to the history and life of the region. The journal is published by ABC-CLIO and since 2004 the managing editor is Steven L. Danver.
 Herbert West—Reanimator is a short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft. It was written between October 1921 and June 1922. It was first serialized in February through July 1922 in the amateur publication Home Brew. The story was the basis of the 1985 horror film Re-Animator and its sequels in addition to numerous other adaptations in various media.The story is the first to mention Lovecraft's fictional Miskatonic University.
 Judy of Rogue's Harbor was a 1920 silent drama film directed by William Desmond Taylor and starring Mary Miles Minter. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Grace Miller White. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Realart and Paramount Pictures.As with many of Minter's films Judy of Rogue's Harbor is considered lost.
 Elfreda Higgins (born c. 1946) is a member of the Garden City Council and a former Democratic Idaho State Representative representing District 16 in the B seat. Higgins was the Assistant Minority Leader for the Democratic House members.
 Clifford Mitchell Walker (July 4 1877 – November 9 1954) was an American attorney and politician from Georgia.Walker served consecutive two-year terms as the 64th Governor of Georgia from 1923 to 1927. His additional political service included the office of Mayor of Monroe Georgia.Before his gubernatorial terms Walker served as the state attorney general from 1915 to 1920. He also was a co-founder of the Woodrow Wilson College of Law in Atlanta Georgia.
 Åke Henrik Gartz (born 9 June 1888 in Helsinki died 29 November 1974)was a Finnish CEO and the Minister of Foreign Affairs in two cabinets between 1950 and 1951.
 Ududeniya Sinhalagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Georges Auguste Escoffier's Le Guide culinaire (French pronunciation: ​[lə ɡid kylinɛːʁ]) was Escoffier's attempt to codify and streamline the French restaurant food of the day.The first edition was printed in 1903 in French the second edition was published in 1907 the third in 1912 and the current fourth edition in 1921.An abridged English translation was published in 1907 as “A Guide to Modern Cookery” and an edition was published in 1957 with an introduction by Eugène Herbodeau.
 The EDL Peloux Bridge near Buffalo Wyoming is a Pratt pony truss bridge that was built in 1912 by the Canton Bridge Co.. The bridge carries Johnson County Road CN16-40 across Clear Creek. The single-span bridge is 81.5 feet (24.8 m) long and has a wooden roadway supported by steel pins and piles. The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 as part of a Multiple Property Submission devoted to historic bridges in Wyoming.
 Stadsbygd Church (Norwegian: Stadsbygd kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Rissa in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village Stadsbygd near the Trondheimsfjord. It was built in 1842 to replace the old church at the same site that had burned down in 1837.
 New Police Story is also an alternate title for the 1993 Hong Kong film Crime Story.New Police Story (Chinese: 新警察故事; Mandarin Pinyin: Xīn Jǐngchá Gùshì; Jyutping: San1 ging5 chaat3 gu3 si6) is a 2004 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Benny Chan and also produced by Jackie Chan who also starred in the film. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 24 September 2004.The film is a reboot of the Police Story series.
 Mordella fasciata is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1864.
 Vishka Matir (Persian: ويشكاماتير‎ also Romanized as Vīshkā Mātīr) is a village in Lakan Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 55 families.
 Mr. Oscar Brown Jr. Goes to Washington is a 1965 live album by vocalist Oscar Brown Jr. recorded at The Cellar Door in Washington D.C.
 F1 Racing is a monthly magazine focused on Formula One racing which launched in March 1996. The previous Editor Matt Bishop also used to write a fortnightly column for the website of the weekly magazine Autosport (sister publication of F1 Racing). Matt Bishop left both Autosport and F1 Racing in late 2007 to join McLaren and was replaced as editor of F1 Racing by the then executive editor Tim Scott and later by Hans Seeberg.
 Mezlageh-ye Soflá (Persian: مزلاگه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mezlāgeh-ye Soflá; also known as Mazlāgeh Meslāgeh Mezlāgeh Mezlāgeh-ye Pā’īn and Muzlāgiā) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 5 families.
 St Andrew's Church is in the village of Wanborough in north Wiltshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Bristol one of only three churches in England to have a western tower and a central spire. It has been designated a Grade I listed building by English Heritage.
 Rage and Fury is a reggae album released by Steel Pulse in August 1997. It is Steel Pulse's tenth studio album.The album peaked at #4 on the 1997 Billboard Top Reggae Album charts and was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album in 1998.
 Imanan is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Unnai Suttrum Ulagam is a Tamil language film starring Jayalalithaa in the lead role. Kamal Haasan plays a cameo.
 A Carne (in English: The Flesh) is a 1888 Naturalist novel by Júlio Ribeiro. It is one of the most polemical works of the Brazilian literature being frequently compared and considered as a forerunner to D. H. Lawrence's Lady Chatterley's Lover.
 John W. Klepper (October 23 1906 – November 13 1997) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 The Sunset Park Patrol Cabin was built in 1922 to shelter park rangers and hikers on the Wonderland Trail in Mount Rainier National Park. The cabin at Golden Lakes is a log structure about 16 feet (4.9 m) by 18 feet (5.5 m) with a low porch (included in the dimensions) across the front. The interior is finished with varnished logs and a wood floor. It was one of several such cabins built in 1922. The cabin was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13 1991.
 Paarthale Paravasam is a 2001 Tamil drama film directed by K. Balachander who with the project completed one hundred feature films. The film produced by Balachander's home banner Kavithalayaa Productions featured Madhavan and Simran in the leading roles with Lawrence Raghavendra and Sneha playing other key roles. The film's music is composed by A. R. Rahman whilst A.
 The Heart of Humanity is a 1918 American silent war propaganda film produced by Universal Pictures and directed by Allen Holubar. The film stars Dorothy Phillips William Stowell and Eric von Stroheim. A copy of the film is preserved at the EmGee Film Library and in private collections.
 Lois Irene Kimsey Marshall (born Lois Irene Kimsey; May 9 1873 – January 6 1958) was the wife of Thomas R. Marshall who served as the 28th Vice President of the United States from 1913 to 1921. During her husband's tenure she held the unofficial position of the Second Lady of the United States. She served also as First Lady of Indiana during her husband's Governorship (1909–1913).
 The Shields Branch (French: Rivière Saint-Roch) is a river in Quebec and Maine. From its source (47°06′58″N 69°49′37″W) in L'Islet RCM the river runs south and southeast across the Canada – United States border in Maine Township 15 Range 15 WELS to the Big Black River in T 14 R 15.
 Sinocyclocheilus maculatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 Cancilla planofilum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Hume's Bush Warbler (Horornis brunnescens) is a species of bush warbler (family Cettiidae). It was formerly included in the Old World warbler assemblage.It is found in India.The name commemorates the British naturalist Allan Octavian Hume who worked in India.
 The Kids Are Alright is a 1979 rockumentary film about the English rock band The Who including live performances promotional films and interviews from 1964 to 1978.
 St. Catherines Argyle or St. Caths is a Church of Scotland church located in the Grange Edinburgh.Rev Dr Robin Sydserff has been minister of the church since January 2009.
 Nodopelagia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Khvajeh-ye Fazel Allah (Persian: خواجه فضل اله‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh-ye Faz̤el Allah) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Holice (Hungarian: Gelle Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈɡɛllɛ]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 The Silence of the Hams (Italian: Il Silenzio dei Prosciutti) is a 1994 parody film directed and written by Italian comedian Ezio Greggio.
 The IBM Somers Office Complex is a complex of five office buildings owned and occupied by IBM in Somers New York United States. Situated on a 730-acre (3.0 km2) campus I.M. Pei designed pyramid of glass structures house regional headquarters for the IBM corporation. Described as a futuristic fortress the 1200000-square-foot (110000 m2) complex is an example of modernist architecture.
 Maebongsan is a mountain between the county of Yeongwol and the city of Wonju Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1095 m (3593 ft).
 Common names: Peringuey's adder Peringuey's desert adder sidewinding adder more.Bitis peringueyi is a venomous viper species found in Namibia and southern Angola. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Back in the Saddle is a 1941 American Western film directed by Lew Landers and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and Mary Lee. Written by Richard Murphy and Jesse Lasky Jr. the film is about a singing cowboy who attempts to bring peace between ranchers and the operator of a copper mine whose chemicals are poisoning the area's water supply. The film features several of Autry's hit songs including Back in the Saddle I'm An Old Cowhand and You Are My Sunshine.
 Turn It Out is an album by Soulive that was released on April 9 2002 as a reissue. It was originally recorded in 2000. It was produced by Jeff Krasno. The album was Soulive's first major recording. It featured the classic lineup of an organ trio with Eric Krasno on guitar Alan Evans on drums and Neal Evans on Hammond B3 Organ. It also featured prominent members of the new jazz world including Sam Kininger John Scofield and Oteil Burbridge.
 Kill or Be Killed is a martial arts movie that was made in South Africa in 1977 and was titled Karate Olympiad but released in 1980 to capitalize on the popularity of American martial arts films.
 Romanowo [rɔmaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koneck within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 The Winslow House is a building in River Forest Illinois designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright. Built on a private street on the Edward Waller estate the Winslow House was Wright's first important independent commission and his first attempt at reinventing the traditional house.In 1894 the Winslow house was a marked departure from the traditional homes in the Oak Park/River Forest area. The walls made from Roman brick rise straight up from a cast stone coping.
 The Drogul River is a tributary of the Găldița River in Romania.
 Shalani Soledad-Romulo (born April 27 1980 Camarines Sur) better known as Lani Soledad and Ate Sha is a Filipina politician and TV personality. Soledad was a member of Valenzuela City council from second district from 2004 to 2013. From November 12–18 2010 she is the second most searched personality on the internet in the Philippines next to the former Kate Middleton (Catherine Duchess of Cambridge) and was the most influential woman in the Philippines for 2010 according to Google.
 Jaunsvente Manor (Latvian: Jaunsventes muiža) also called Svente Manor is a manor house in Svente Daugavpils municipality Latvia in the historical region of Selonia. The renovated building is now managed by the SIA “Jaunsventes muiža” which provides accommodations in their 12 rooms each corresponding to one of the twelve months of the year.
 Eran trecento is a 1952 Italian film.
 The Sabattus River is an 11.4-mile-long (18.3 km) tributary of the Androscoggin River in Maine. It rises at the outlet of Sabattus Pond in the town of Sabattus and flows south into the town of Lisbon reaching the Androscoggin just southeast of Lisbon Center and about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) upstream (northwest) of Lisbon Falls. Via the Androscoggin River water from the Sabattus River flows to the Kennebec River at Merrymeeting Bay and ultimately to the Atlantic Ocean.
 Henry Howard Molyneux Herbert 4th Earl of Carnarvon PC DL FSA FRS (24 June 1831 – 29 June 1890) known as Lord Porchester from 1833 to 1849 was a British politician and a leading member of the Conservative Party. He was twice Secretary of State for the Colonies and also served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
 Łęg [wɛnk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nędza within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Nędza 6 km (4 mi) north of Racibórz and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 451.
 Avery Farmhouse is a historic home and farm complex located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. The house was built about 1850 by noted master carpenter Alexander Delos Boss Jones. It is a two story T shaped clapboard sided frame building in the Greek Revival style. The main block is flanked by two one story frame wings. It features a giant pedimented portico supported by square columns.
 Nosferattus ciliatus is a jumping spider.
 The R.E. Hoy No. 1 Oil Well was constructed by the Sinclair Oil & Refining Corporation in September 1916. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. Milton C. Garber and his brother Bert Garber hired geologist Dorsey Hager to determine potential drilling locations on their properties. The Garber brothers contracted Harry F. Sinclair to construct a well on R. E. Hoy's farm (NE corner Section 25 T22N R4WGarfield County).
 For other articles of the same name refer to Ernesto.Ernesto is an unfinished novel by Umberto Saba written in 1953 but not published until 1975 long after the author’s death.
 Khowrah-e Sofla (Persian: خوره سفلي‎ also Romanized as Khowrah-e Soflá; also known as Khāūra Khooreh Olya Khooreh Sofla and Khowrah) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 17 families.
 The 30th Song is the first studio album by American hip hop producer Mr. Dibbs. It was released on Rhymesayers Entertainment in 2003.
 Searching for Sonny is a 2011 independent film and the feature film debut of writer/director Andrew Disney. The film released on October 22 2011 and stars Jason Dohring as one of several people involved in a murder mystery.
 Valistre is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Ohtja is a village in Mustjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 The National Psychosis Unit is a national treatment centre for patients with schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders in the United Kingdom. The unit is a tertiary referral centre in the National Health Service. It is located at the Bethlem Royal Hospital part of the South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust. It is closely affiliated to the Institute of Psychiatry King's College London and forms part of the Psychosis Clinical Academic Group of King's Health Partners.
 PLA Daily (Chinese: 解放军报; Pinyin: Jiěfàngjūn Bào) is a China-based media outlet for the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of the People's Republic of China.It covers news stories relating to the PLA and other military affairs. In August 2010 an editorial suggested that Chinese military strategy was out of date and that China must audaciously learn from the experience of the information cultures of foreign militaries along with modernisation and open procurement.
 Westchester Creek (also known as Frenchman's Creek) is a tidal inlet of the East River located in the south eastern portion of The Bronx in New York City. It is 2.1 miles (3.39 km) in length. Pugsley's Creek is a right bank tributary of Westchester Creek. Ferry Point Park is on the left bank. The first permanent European settlement in The Bronx the town of Westchester was established in 1654 by Thomas Pell and 15-20 settlers at the head of navigation of Westchester Creek.
 Dark Angel is the soundtrack to the television series Dark Angel. It was released on April 23 2002 through Artemis Records and consisted of songs of the hip hop and R&B genre. The soundtrack wasn't a commercial success only making it to 50 on the Top Independent Albums.
 The Masonic Temple in Aurora Illinois is a historical building where Freemasons held meetings. Opened in 1924 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Mary Anne Veronica Chambers (born September 8 1950) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. She was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 2003 until 2007 and served in the cabinet in the government of Premier Dalton McGuinty.
 Eyqer Bolagh (Persian: ايقربلاغ‎ also Romanized as Eyqer Bolāgh) is a village in Saidabad Rural District in the Central District of Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1045 in 263 families.
 Samuel Fiocchi is an American Republican Party politician who has represented the 1st Legislative District in the New Jersey General Assembly since January 14 2014. He took office after he defeated Nelson Albano in the 2013 general election.Fiocchi attended St. Augustine Prep School and Widener University.Fiocchi had been a member of the Cumberland County Board of Chosen Freeholders from 2011 to 2013 and had been a member of the Vineland Zoning Board from 2009 to 2011.
 The Gospel According to Larry is a coming of age political romantic teen novel by Janet Tashjian that explores anti-consumerism. The introduction of the book is written from a point of view that makes it seem as though Josh Swensen is real and Janet Tashjian is simply the one who edited and published it. This quality gives the book a non-fiction feel.
 Anjaneyulu (Telugu: ఆంజనేయులు) is a 2009 Telugu action film that stars Ravi Teja and Nayantara in the lead roles while actors Prakash Raj and Sonu Sood play a pivotal roles. Directed by Parasuram and with music by Thaman produced by Ganesh Babu the film was released on 12 August 2009. It was dubbed into Hindi as Sher Dil (2010).
 Karulina Koogu (Kannada: ಕರುಳಿನ ಕೂಗು) is a 1994 Indian Kannada drama film directed by D. Rajendra Babu and produced by Umashankari and Raju. The film features Prabhakar Vinaya Prasad and Srinath in the lead roles. The film was widely popular for the songs composed and written by Hamsalekha upon release.The film is a remake of Malayalam hit Akashadoothu (1993) directed by Sibi Malayil and was subsequently released in Telugu as Mathrudevobhava (1993).
 The About this sound Zaber is a minor tributary of the River Neckar in Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is some 22 km in length and joins the Neckar from the west at Lauffen am Neckar. It has given its name to the Zabergäu the area between the Heuchelberg and Stromberg hills.CourseThe Zaber rises in the Stromberg to the south of the town of Zaberfeld and flows initially into a reservoir known as the Ehmetsklinge.
 The River Oise (French pronunciation: ​[waz]) is a right tributary of the River Seine flowing for 302 km in Belgium and France. Its source is in the Belgian province Hainaut south of the town Chimay. It crosses the border with France after about 20 km. It flows into the Seine in Conflans-Sainte-Honorine near Paris. Its main tributary is the River Aisne.
 Madonna of the Storm is a 1913 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Jack Ingram is the eponymous debut album by country music artist Jack Ingram. It was the first of three albums released by Ingram on the Crystal Clear Sound label in 1995. No singles were released from this album. Most of the tracks from this album were re-released on the compilation album Young Man in 2004 along with tracks from his second studio album Lonesome Question.
 Spasms is a 1983 Canadian horror film directed by William Fruet.
 The Iron Tree is the first book in the Crowthistle Chronicles written by Cecilia Dart-Thornton. Written and published in August 2004 ISBN 0-330-43301-6 The Iron Tree is a suspenseful fantasy novel.
 The Râmești River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The International Journal of Speech-Language Pathology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers any area of child or adult communication or dysphagia and issues related to etiology assessment diagnosis intervention or theoretical frameworks. A scientific forum is included in many issues where a topic is debated by invited experts. The journal is edited by Sharynne McLeod (Charles Sturt University) and has been published since 1999.
 Bridge in Radnor Township No. 2 is a historic brick and concrete arch bridge located at Villanova in Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1905 and is a 75-foot-long (23 m) arch bridge with a single arch with a 10-foot-long (3.0 m) span. It features an ornate parapet cap. It spans the Meadow Brook Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Black Bullet (ブラック・ブレット Burakku Buretto) is a Japanese light novel series written by Shiden Kanzaki and illustrated by Saki Ukai published under ASCII Media Works's Dengeki Bunko imprint. The series began publication on July 10 2011 and 5 volumes have been published as of October 2013. A manga series began serialization on August 27 2012 in ASCII Media Works's Dengeki Maoh.
 General James Watson Webb (February 8 1802 - June 7 1884) was a United States diplomat newspaper publisher and a New York politician in the Whig and Republican parties.
 Bukowo [buˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Stary Targ 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Sztum and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 190.
 The Western Weekender is a local newspaper servicing the region of Penrith New South Wales. It is the most widely distributed newspaper in PenrithThe Western Weekender is an independent newspaper owned by MediaView. MediaView purchased the newspaper in March 2009. Prior to this The Western Weekender was published by the TriMedia Group.The Western Weekender was first published in 1991.It is issued on Fridays.
 Spy in Chancery is a spy novel by Kenneth Benton set in Rome during the Cold War in the 1970s. The book begins with a foreword by novelist Michael Gilbert and is the third novel to feature Overseas Police Adviser Peter Craig. Craig travels to Rome for a conference and is caught up in investigating a spy at the British Embassy.
 The World's Applause is a 1923 American silent film drama starring Bebe Daniels. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. William C. deMille directed the film and it was written and scripted by his wife Clara Beranger. This is now considered a lost film.
 Vihma is Värttinä's 7th album released in 1998. It is primarily pop- and rock-influenced Finnish folk music. However three tracks (6 8 and 9) also include Tuvan throat singing.Vihma was initially released by Wicklow Entertainment in the United States and Finland. Later in 1998 it was released in Japan by BMG Japan. In the same year Emoton was released as a single in Finland.
 The River Thaw (Welsh: Afon Ddawan) (also Ddaw) is a river in the Vale of Glamorgan south Wales. At 20 kilometres/12.4 miles it is the longest river entirely in the Vale of Glamorgan.
 Victoria Public Hall or the Town Hall is a historical building in Chennai named after Victoria Empress of India. It is one of the finest examples of British architecture in Chennai and was built to commemorate the golden jubilee of Queen Victoria. It served as a theatre and public assembly room in the late 19th century and the early 20th century. It now houses the South Indian Athletic Association Club.
 The First Kiss is a 1928 American silent romantic-drama film directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Fay Wray and Gary Cooper. Based on the short story Four Brothers by Tristram Tupper the film is about a Chesapeake Bay fisherman who turns to pirating in order to be rich enough to marry a society girl. The First Kiss was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures. Today it is considered a lost film. Some filming took place on the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland.
 The Senegal lemniscomys or Senegal one-striped grass mouse (Lemniscomys linulus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Mali and Senegal.Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 Ayo Ade Oni was elected Senator for the Ekiti Central constituency of Ekiti State Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic running on the Alliance for Democracy (AD) platform.
 The Râul Cătunului is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
 The Saginae are the Predatory Katydids or Predatory Bush-crickets a Subfamily of the Family Tettigoniidae (the Katydids long-horned grasshoppers or bush-crickets). The Saginae are specialist carnivores which is unusual among the Orthoptera.
 Ogof y Daren Cilau is one of several cave systems in the Llangattock escarpment near Crickhowell in south Powys Wales.Its awkward 517m entrance crawl is a natural barrier to any casual visitor and precludes the need for a locked gate to protect it from vandals.
 Hilton Village is a planned English-village-style neighborhood in Newport News Virginia. Recognized as a pioneering development in urban planning it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The neighborhood was built between 1918 and 1921 in response to the need for housing during World War I for employees of Newport News Shipbuilding & Drydock Company. It is recognized as the United States' first Federal war-housing project.
 Little Bitterroot Lake is a small lake in northwest Montana. It is located in the town of Marion Montana.
 BC13 is Brokencyde's debut EP.
 Lance! is one of the most important daily sports newspapers in Brazil and its first edition was published in 1997. Its headquarters are located in Rio de Janeiro and they print regional versions for the some of the other Brazilian States.Its tabloid format as well as its news design quickly became a success and Lance! is also popular among Brazilian TV and Radio sports journalists and reporters.Its 3000th edition was published on January 29 2006.
 Kesri (Persian: كسري‎ also Romanized as Kesrī) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 7 families.
 Vancroft also known as Mt. St. George Historic District is a historic home and national historic district located near Wellsburg Brooke County West Virginia. It encompasses 10 contributing buildings one contributing structure and one contributing object associated with the manor house. The manor house was designed by Alden & Harlow in 1901 for steel magnate Joseph B. Vandergrift. It is a Shingle Style dwelling with broad gable roofs a rough stone turret and stone chimney.
 Frogner is a village in Sørum municipality Norway. Its population is 1174.
 The Intelligent Design of Jenny Chow is a play written by Rolin Jones. The play had its world premiere at South Coast Repertory in 2003.Set in Calabasas California it tells the story of Jennifer Marcus a 22-year-old genius with obsessive compulsive disorder and agoraphobia. Afraid to step outside her house the Chinese-born Marcus who was adopted as a baby nevertheless wants to meet her biological mother.
 Sonnet On Seeing a Piece of our Heavy Artillery Brought into Action is a poem by Wilfred Owen. It deals with the atrocities of World War I.The poem is among those set in the War Requiem of Benjamin Britten.Benjamin Britten's War Requiem excerpts lines 1&25&6 and 13&14 as his fourth Willfred Owen war poem.
 Foel Penolau is a top of Moel Ysgyfarnogod in Snowdonia North Wales and is the northernmost summit of the Rhinogydd. It overlooks Llyn Trawsfynydd and from the summit it is possible to see the towns of Porthmadog and Blaenau Ffestiniog. The top is reputed to be one of most rocky defended summits in Snowdonia where hands must be used to attain the summit. The summit is on a large smooth slab of rock which is the surface of the outcrop which the top is made up of.
 From Memphis to Vegas/From Vegas to Memphis is the tenth studio album by Elvis Presley released in October 1969 on RCA Victor catalogue LSP 6020. Recording sessions took place at American Sound Studio in Memphis on January 13–15 and 21-22 and February 17–18 1969 and at the International Hotel in Paradise Nevada on August 24–26 1969. It peaked at number 12 on the Billboard 200 and has been certified Gold on December 13 1969 by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 Mullets was a short-lived comic strip by Rick Stromoski and Steve McGarry. The comic revolved around the characters Kevin and Scab two dim-witted friends who shared a trailer and worked at a place called Mildew's Hardware Store.
 Art of Life Live is an X Japan live album released on March 18 1998. It is composed solely of one song Art of Life. Mostly recorded on December 31 1993 (the piano solo part is from the night before) at the Tokyo Dome. The album reached number 20 on the Oricon chart. This same performance was released on DVD and VHS as Art of Life 1993.12.31 Tokyo Dome five years later.
 Solubalm (Persian: سلوبلم‎ also Romanized as Solūbalm Salū Balam and Salūbalm; also known as Salūbam) is a village in Shamil Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 46 families.
 Leatherman Peak at 12228 feet (3727 m) above sea level is the second highest peak in Idaho and the Lost River Range. The peak is located in Salmon-Challis National Forest in Custer County. It is 4.5 mi (7.2 km) southeast of Borah Peak its line parent.
 Rudolph V. Kuser Estate is located in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1905 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 24 1979.
 Flickering Lights (Danish: Blinkende Lygter) is a 2000 Danish action-comedy directed by Anders Thomas Jensen.
 Learning to Breathe is the third studio album by the band Switchfoot. It was released on September 26 2000. It was their final record for independent label re:think Records which was distributed by Sparrow Records. This album also received a Grammy nomination for Best Rock Gospel Album in 2001.
 Chansons des mers froides (French: songs from the cold seas) is a 1994 album by French musician Hector Zazou.Zazou approached Sony Records with merely the title and the concept of songs from the Arctic. He was accompanied by cameraman Philippe Roméo as he recorded traditional folk songs in and from Alaska Canada (Newfoundland) Greenland Iceland Japan and Scandinavia.
 Somos (We Are) is the debut studio album by Christopher Von Uckermann. It was released on November 16 2010.Somos is an innovative album where each of the pieces are fused conceptual and futuristic electronica are fed with fresh lyrics undoubtedly mark the history of experimental pop as defined by the young Mexican.The album promoted Somos World Tour 2011 in August 2011.
 Spørteggbreen is a glacier in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is the 12th largest glacier in Norway. It lies between the Jostedalsbreen and Harbardsbreen glaciers. The 28-square-kilometre (11 sq mi) glacier lies inside Breheimen National Park.
 William Scott Wilkinson (February 5 1895 – June 19 1985) was an attorney from Shreveport Louisiana who served a single term as a Democrat from Caddo Parish in the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1920–1924.Wilkinson was born in Coushatta the seat of Red River Parish south of Shreveport to John Dallas and Alice Mai Wilkinson He attended Culver Military Academy in Culver Indiana and Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge where he was president of his senior class.
 Der Schuß durchs Fenster is a 1950 Austrian drama film directed written by and starring Siegfried Breuer with Curd Jürgens .
 Judo for the Blind is the debut EP of noise rock band Tragic Mulatto released in 1984 through Alternative Tentacles.
 Amerila abdominalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1933. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
 Bigyesan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1126 metres.
 Jean-Marie Guéhenno (born 30 October 1949 in Paris) is a former French diplomat. He served as the United Nations' Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations. Guéhenno was appointed to the position in 2000 and retired in August 2008. He is a Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution and the NYU Center on International Cooperation. He currently serves as the Director of the Center for International Conflict Resolution at Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs.
 Tigran Sargsyan (Armenian: Տիգրան Սարգսյան born January 29 1960) is an Armenian economist who was the Prime Minister of Armenia from 9 April 2008 until his resignation on 3 April 2014.
 Franklin Otto Weddig (November 1 1944 – October 26 2012) was an American politician from Aurora Colorado. He was a Colorado State Senator from 1994 to 2000 and a State Representative from 2000 to 2004. He served as an Arapahoe County commissioner from 2004 to 2012. He was a member of the Democratic Party.Frank Weddig was born in West Bend Wisconsin and was an electrician by trade.
 The Valea Albinei River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 Mata Hari is a 1931 American Pre-Code film loosely based on the life of Mata Hari an exotic dancer/courtesan executed for espionage during World War I. The film stars Greta Garbo in the title role. The film is credited with popularizing the legend of Mata Hari.[citation needed]
 Mirador is a compilation album by the British melodic rock band Magnum. It was released in 1987 by FM Records.Released before FM Records released Magnum's back catalogue this compilation contains material from the albums Kingdom of Madness Magnum II Chase the Dragon The Eleventh Hour and On a Storyteller's Night.
 The Cotmeana River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 The Woman Chaser is a 1999 film by director Robinson Devor starring Patrick Warburton. The screenplay is based on the novel of the same name by Charles Willeford.
 Toxaway Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 17.5 miles (28.2 km) south of Stanley. A trail from the Yellow Belly Lake and Pettit Lake trailheads leads towards Toxaway Lake via Farley Lake.
 In Due Time is the 2004 debut studio album by Submersed a hard rock band from Stephenville Texas. The album was originally titled All Things Becoming of the End. The album was recorded and mixed but eventually scrapped and renamed as the band began writing new material that they felt was far better. The song Divide the Hate was featured on the video game NASCAR 2005: Chase for the Cup.
 Gülümpaşalı is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village at 36°20′N 33°55′E is situated in the coastal plain of Silifke about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) north of the Mediterranean Sea coast and to the south of Turkish state highway D.400 connecting Mersin to Antalya. The distance to Silifke is 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) and to Mersin is 92 kilometres (57 mi). The population of Gülümpaşalı is 440 as of 2011.
 Gerundo Lake was a lake now completely drained between the actual Province of Bergamo Province of Milano Province of Lodi Province of Cremona Lombardy Italy.
 The W.J. Quarles House also known as Greenvale is a historic residence in Long Beach Mississippi. Constructed in 1892 the structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 2012.
 Holy Trinity Church Wysall is a parish church in the Church of England in Wysall.
 The Chinese Parrot (1926) is the second novel in the Charlie Chan series of mystery novels by Earl Derr Biggers. It is the first in which Chan travels from Hawaii to mainland California and involves a crime whose exposure is hastened by the death of a parrot. The story concerns a valuable string of pearls which is purchased by a wealthy and eccentric financier.
 The Igapó River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The music for the anime series Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex was primarily composed by Yoko Kanno and produced by Victor Entertainment. Soundtracks were also produced for the two OVA films The Laughing Man and Individual Eleven and the TV film Solid State Society.
 Fasslatonius is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.A prominent researcher of the species is Kia Jack Omidvar.
 Rebecca Nyandeng De Mabior is a South Sudanese politician. She had served as the Minister of Roads and Transport in the autonomous Government of South Sudan and is currently one of the Advisors for the President of The Republic of South Sudan. She is the widow of Dr. John Garang De Mabior the late first Vice-President of Sudan and the President of the Government of South Sudan. She is from the Dinka tribe of Twic East County of South Sudan.
 Lü Buwei (291–235 BCE) was a politician of the Qin state in the Warring States Period of ancient China. Originally an influential merchant from the Wey (衛) state Lü Buwei met and befriended King Zhuangxiang of Qin who was then a minor prince serving as a hostage in the Zhao state. Through bribes and machinations Lü Buwei succeeded in helping King Zhuangxiang become the heir apparent to the Qin throne.
 Gillian Patricia Shephard Baroness Shephard of Northwold PC DL (born 22 January 1940) née Watts is an English Conservative politician; she was the Member of Parliament for South West Norfolk and a former Cabinet Minister and is now Chairman of the Association of Conservative Peers.Baroness Shephard is currently Deputy Chair of the Social Mobility and Child Poverty Commission
 The Door Through Space is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley. It is not part of her Darkover book series but Darkover is mentioned (as another planet) in passing in the book; and many Darkover elements appear in the book (red sun Dry Towns with chained women catmen and other nonhumans Terran Empire trade cities Ghost Wind etc.). It was first published in book form in English by Ace Books in 1961 bound tête-bêche with Rendezvous on a Lost World by A. Bertram Chandler.
 Matterhorn is the highest mountain in the Jarbidge Mountains of northern Elko County Nevada. The summit is the highest point in the Jarbidge Wilderness which is administered by the Jarbidge Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. Its name is derived from the Matterhorn in the Alps of Europe due mainly to the cliffs located immediately adjacent to the summit on the north and northeast.
 Cnephasitis is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Tatham Mound is a 1991 fantasy-historical novel written by Piers Anthony. The story tells of Throat Shot a member of the Floridian Toco tribe and his quest to prevent an unknown danger from harming his people. The story was inspired by finds at Tatham Mound located near the Withlacoochee River in Citrus County Florida.
 Black Kaweah is a mountain of the Kaweah Peaks Ridge of the California's Sierra Nevada in Sequoia National Park. The peak has a local magnetic disturbance that has caused compasses in the vicinity to vary by up to eight degrees.Fulgurites can be found on the peak.
 Shehneh (Persian: شهنه‎; also known as Shehna) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 46 families.
 In the House of Stone and Light is a 1994 album by Martin Page. It features the title song In the House of Stone and Light which was a substantial Billboard Hot 100 hit (peaking at number 14) and AC (number 1) hit.
 Ramphotyphlops yampiensis is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Town Without Pity (German: Stadt ohne Mitleid) is a 1961 American Austrian and West German international co-production drama film directed by Gottfried Reinhardt. Produced by The Mirisch Corporation the film stars Kirk Douglas Christine Kaufmann and E. G. Marshall.The film was based on the 1960 novel Das Urteil (The Verdict) by German writer Gregor Dorfmeister who wrote under the pen name Manfred Gregor. The film was rewritten at Kirk Douglas' suggestion by Dalton Trumbo without credit.
 Culleoka Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic church on Quality Street in Culleoka Tennessee.It was built in 1868. In 1870 it became the first location of what was to become the Webb School when W. R. Sawney Webb and his brother taught classes in the church basement. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Windamere Hotel built in the 1930s is a heritage hotel situated on Observatory Hill in Darjeeling India.
 Haczów [ˈxat͡ʂuf] (Ukrainian: Гачів Hachiv) is a village in Brzozów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Haczów. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Brzozów and 42 km (26 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Syed Sajjad Ali Shah (Urdu:سید سجاد علی شاہ) was the Chief Justice of Pakistan from 4 June 1994 to 2 December 1997.
 Slim Amamou (Arabic: سليم عمامو‎) (born in 1977) is a Tunisian blogger and the former Secretary of State for Sport and Youth (Arabic: كاتب دولة للشباب والرياضة‎ French: Secrétaire d'État à la Jeunesse et aux Sports) deputy to the Minister for Youth and Sports. He resigned on the week of May 25 2011 in protest of the transitional government's block of several websites. A known blogger he is also a Pirate Party member.
 Gothgau is a village development committee in Ramechhap District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2368 people living in 465 individual households.
 Bates's Paradise Flycatcher (Terpsiphone batesi) is a passerine bird belonging to the genus Terpsiphone in the monarch-flycatcher family Monarchidae. It is native to Central Africa. It is was formerly included in the Rufous-vented Paradise Flycatcher (T. rufocinerea) but is now often regarded as a separate species.
 The Ferruginous Partridge (Caloperdix oculeus) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family. It belongs to the monotypical genus Caloperdix. It is found in Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Baryssinus bicirrifer is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1872.
 Someday's Dreamers (Japanese: 魔法遣いに大切なこと Hepburn: Mahōtsukai ni Taisetsu na Koto lit. Things That Are Precious To a Mage) is a manga written by Norie Yamada and illustrated by Kumichi Yoshizuki. It was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Comic Dragon magazine from May 2002 to January 2003 and was later collected in two bound volumes.
 Marley's Ghost is a stage play by Jeff Goode which is a prequel to the Dickens novella A Christmas Carol. The audience follows Jacob Marley's seven-year journey from burial to returning to haunt Ebeneezer Scrooge. It contains all of the characters from Charles Dickens story but as seen through the jaded vision of Jacob Marley. Marley refuses to believe that he is dead. Then struggles against his fate.
 James Harvie Wilkinson III (born September 29 1944) is a federal judge serving on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. His name has been raised at several junctures in the past as a possible nominee to the United States Supreme Court.
 Kopnica [kɔpˈnit͡sa] (formerly German Köpnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Darłowo 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Sławno and 171 km (106 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Frederick N. Young (January 1 1932 – January 12 2006) was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives serving from 1969-1976. Young graduated from Harvard Law School and practiced law in his father's law firm. From 1993-2005 he served on the Ohio District Courts of Appeals
 The Fenelon Falls Gazette was a weekly community newspaper in Fenelon Falls Ontario Canada. It was established in 1873 by E.D. Hand. Ownership changed hands many times over the years until it was purchased along with then owner Citizens Communication Group in 2000 by Metroland Publishing.The Gazette covered community events school issues family milestones local crimes and tragedies.
 Signalen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Virbia affinis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Ecuador and Colombia.
 The Episcopal Church of the Good Shepherd is an historic Carpenter Gothic church located at 1448 Highway 107 South in Cashiers North Carolina. On February 20 1986 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Ek Nari Do Roop is a 1973 Bollywood drama film. The film stars Roopesh Kumar Nadira and Shatrughan Sinha. The movie has a very famous song Dil ka soona saaz tarana dhundega.
 David Wyatt Aiken (March 17 1828 – April 6 1887) was a Confederate army officer during the American Civil War and a postbellum five-term United States Congressman from South Carolina.
 Al Ahrar (in Arabic الأحرار meaning The Free or the Liberal in English) is an Arabic daily newspaper published in Egypt.
 Microschismus fortis is a species of moth of the Alucitidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 J. B. Marks (21 March 1903 - 1 August 1972) was a South African politician. At the time of his death he served as chairman of the South African Communist Party and treasurer-general of the African National Congress.Marks was part of the first generation of Black South Africans that joined the Young Communist League in the 1920s.
 St Mark's Battersea Rise is a Victorian Grade II* listed Anglican church located in Clapham Junction in London England. The church was designed by William White and built between 1872 and 1874 in a Geometric Middle-pointed 13th Century Gothic style using yellow bricks with red brick dressings and diapering. Inside the nave comprises four bays with north aisles a tower at the south-west corner supporting a wooden belfy and a shingled spire.
 Perfect Mismatch (formerly known as It's a Mismatch) is a Bollywood film directed by Ajmal Zaheer Ahmad.
 Freya Piryns is a Belgian politician and a member of the Groen! political party.
 Paul Bley/NHØP is a jazz duet album by Paul Bley and Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen released on SteepleChase Records in 1973. The album was recorded in Copenhagen Denmark in June and July 1973 and primarily features Bley's compositions. Bley's performance here is more extroverted than on some of his other recordings.
 Avengers vs. X-Men (abbreviated AvX) is a 2012 crossover event that was featured in comic books published by Marvel Comics. The event consisting of an eponymous limited series and numerous tie-in books involves the return of the Phoenix Force and the subsequent war between the Avengers and the X-Men.
 Ken Haar (born March 10 1943 in Freeman South Dakota) is a Nebraska state senator from Malcolm Nebraska United States in the Nebraska Legislature.
 Char Divas Premache is a Marathi play directed by Waman Kendre and written by Ratnakar Matkari. The star cast includes Prashant Damle Veena Jamkar Arun Malavade Savita Prabhune.The play explores the true meaning of love.
 Gilanbar-e Sofla (Persian: گيلانبرسفلي‎ also Romanized as Gīlānbar-e Soflá; also known as Gīlānbar-e Bālā) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 12 families.
 Boninosuccinea ogasawarae is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Succineidae the amber snails.
 Ko Ko...Koli Kothi is a Kannada romantic film genre starring Srinagar Kitty and Priyamani in the lead roles. The film is directed by Chandru. Ramana Gogula is the music director of the film. Bhaskar and Adhi have jointly produced the venture under Bharani films.
 Audioslave is the name of a DVD EP by American rock supergroup Audioslave released in 2003. It contains the three videos the band had made up to that point Cochise directed by Mark Romanek Like a Stone directed by Meiert Avis and Show Me How to Live directed by Richard C. Sarafian. After the first three clips the fourth item is a block of material taken from the Late Show with David Letterman in New York on November 25 2002.
 Antirhyacia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Deh-e Siyahan-e Sofla (Persian: ده سياهان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Sīyāhān-e Soflá) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The House at 23 East Street in Methuen Massachusetts is a well preserved Greek Revival cottage. Built in c. 1840 it is a 1.5 story three bay wood frame structure with a side hall entry. Houses similar to this were generally occupied by craftsmen such as boot- shoe- and hatmakers. Before large-scale industrialization they were scattered throughout the town.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Altenberg Abbey (Abtei Altenberg) (Latin: Vetus Mons) is a former Cistercian monastery in Altenberg now a part of Odenthal in the Bergisches Land North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.It was founded in 1133 as a daughter house of Morimond Abbey and settled initially in the old castle of the Counts of Berg Burg Berge which the counts had left for Schloss Burg but moved to the new purpose-built monastery in the valley of the Dhünn in 1153.
 Côte D'Azur is The Rippingtons' sixteenth album which was released in 2011.
 Mirka is a 2000 drama film starring Vanessa Redgrave and Gérard Depardieu. The international co-production was written and directed by Algerian-born filmmaker Rachid Benhadj. Although countries are unnamed several publications make reference to the film as a document of Bosnian Genocide. It was released in Italy on 10 March 2000 and received its international premiere at the Thessaloniki International Film Festival on 21 November 2005.
 Suurmetsa is a village in Mooste Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Jacobus Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic church on Mays Landing Road and Route 54 in Folsom Atlantic County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1852 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Milcov River is a tributary of the Putna River in eastern Romania. The city of Focşani used to lie on it. Due to floods however the riverbed moved a few kilometers away south of the city.In 1482 Stephen the Great declared Milcov as the boundary between Wallachia and Moldavia. In 19th century the river was perceived by unionists as a symbol of discord between Wallachia and Moldavia—see Hora Unirii a poem by Vasile Alecsandri.
 Dr Malik Dohan al-Hassan(Arabic: مالك دوهان الحسن‎) (born 1919) is an Iraqi politician who was the Minister of Justice in the Iraqi Interim Government from June 2004 to May 2005.
 The Valea Dobricei River is a tributary of the Ghimbăşel River in Romania.
 The parish church of St John the Baptist Egglescliffe is an Anglican church in the village of Egglescliffe Stockton-on-Tees. It is a perpendicular church built in the Norman style. There has been a church on the site for at least 900 years however the original date of construction is unknown. It is claimed that there is an underground tunnel from the church to the Friarage in the grounds Yarm School.
 Soleymanabad (Persian: سليمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Soleymānābād) is a village in Mohajeran Rural District Lalejin District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 672 in 158 families.
 Frank L. Ross Farm is a historic building in North Bethlehem Township Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 Grace Episcopal Church is a historic church on U.S. 31 in Spring Hill Tennessee.The Carpenter Gothic church building was constructed in in 1876–7 and dedicated in 1878 by Charles T. Quintard Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee. Nashville architect P. J. Williamson designed the building which was completed at a cost of $1800. The building interior contains a small narthex a nave that seats about 100 people a chancel and altar and a small sacristy.
 Vexillum sanguisuga is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Identified is the second and to date final studio album by Vanessa Hudgens released on July 1 2008 in the U.S. June 24 2008 in Japan February 13 2009 in most European countries and February 16 2009 in the United Kingdom. The album received generally positive reviews from music critics.
 Page 6 (subtitled Atari Users Magazine and later known as New Atari User) was an independent British publication aimed at users of Atari home computers. It was published between 1982 and 1998. The magazine supported both the Atari 8-bit family of computers (400/800/XL/XE) and the Atari ST range.
 The Crow River is a river located in Arthur's Pass National Park Canterbury New Zealand. It arises near Mount Rolleston and flows south into the Waimakariri River.The river was named after a kōkako sometimes called orange-wattled crow which was seen in 1865 during an exploration of the area.
 Großer Benzer See is a lake in Malente Holsteinische Schweiz Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is 0.13 km².
 Argyrodines is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Argyrodines aurivillii (Gounelle 1905) Argyrodines pulchella Bates 1867↑
 Parliament House (Finnish: Eduskuntatalo Swedish: Riksdagshuset) is the seat of the Parliament of Finland. It is located in the Finnish capital of Helsinki in the district of Töölö.
 Toholji (Cyrillic: Тохољи) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Robert Ward Johnson (July 22 1814 – July 26 1879) was an attorney and politician elected United States Representative and Democratic US Senator as well as Confederate States Senator from the state of Arkansas.Considered a member of The Family a political network in Arkansas he was the nephew of three Johnson brothers in Kentucky who each served as US Congressman from the state and held other prominent business and political positions in the state and nationally.
 Club International is a British magazine that depicts softcore pornographic pictures of women. It is a sister magazine of American magazine Club. Club International was founded in 1972 and is published every four weeks making thirteen issues per year. Each edition consists of one hundred printed pages and is staple-bound with the exception of the slightly larger 'special edition' published at the start of each new volume which has some 120 pages and flat glued binding.
 Saint Andrew's Episcopal Church is a historic church on AR 9 in Mammoth Spring Arkansas.It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 New York Tendaberry is an album by New York-born singer songwriter and pianist Laura Nyro. It was released in the autumn of 1969 on Columbia Records some eighteen months after its predecessor Eli and the Thirteenth Confession. The album is generally considered by rock critics and Laura Nyro aficionados to be her greatest musical achievement.
 Sluts and Slobs is a 5-song vinyl EP by Conelrad. Released on September 30 2006 by Oh No Vertigo. The song No Fucking is a cover by the band Nomeansno. Mr Right was written by Steve Moore. Burdizzo features backing vocals by Julie Nowak.
 San Pedro Creek (Spanish for St.
 Francisco Javier de la Torre was the 49th governor-general of the Philippines from 1764 to 1765.
 Winners of the Wilderness (1927) is a MGM silent film directed by W.S. Van Dyke and starring Tim McCoy and Joan Crawford. In this costume drama set during the French-Indian War Rene Contrecouer (Crawford) the daughter of a French general falls for a soldier of fortune (McCoy). This movie was photographed mostly in black and white but one scene was in color by Technicolor.
 Hengelsbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Tonight's the Night is the debut album by American girl group quartet The Shirelles released in 1961. It contains the hit song Will You Love Me Tomorrow. Although Shirley Owens was the group's main lead singer Tonight's the Night also features lead vocals by Doris Coley and Beverly Lee; all four members share lead for Doin' the Ronde. Later on in 1963 Unlucky was covered by Dionne Warwick for her debut album.
 Punk Goes Acoustic 2 is a compilation album included in the Punk Goes... series by Fearless Records that features previously unreleased and acoustic versions of songs from various pop punk bands. It follows the original Punk Goes Acoustic which was released in 2003.
 The San Juan River is the largest and most important river in the Mexican state of Nuevo León. The river feeds the El Cuchillo Dam which provides the city of Monterrey with water. The San Juan River basin has a total surface area of 33538 square kilometres (12949 sq mi). The San Juan River is a tributary to the Rio Grande (Rio Bravo) — which is the fourth largest river basin in North America.
 Milenio is a major national newspaper in Mexico owned by Grupo Multimedios.It is published in 11 cities across Mexico including Monterrey Mexico City Guadalajara León Pachuca Puebla Villahermosa Tampico Torreón Toluca and Xalapa.
 Deadly Quicksilver Lies is the seventh novel in Glen Cook's ongoing Garrett P.I. series. The series combines elements of mystery and fantasy as it follows the adventures of private investigator Garrett.
 The Bigelow House also known as the Bigelow House Museum is a historic house museum located at 918 Glass Avenue Northeast in the Bigelow Neighborhood of Olympia Washington. Built by Daniel Bigelow in the 1850s the house was designed in the Carpenter Gothic style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Hod Hill (or Hodd Hill) is a large hill fort in the Blackmore Vale 3 miles (5 km) north-west of Blandford Forum Dorset England. The fort sits on a 143 m (469 ft) chalk hill of the same name that lies between the adjacent Dorset Downs and Cranborne Chase. The hill fort at Hambledon Hill is just to the north.The fort is roughly rectangular (600 by 400 m (2000 by 1300 ft)) with an enclosed area of 22 ha (54 acres).
 Mazraeh-ye Sharifi (Persian: مزرعه شريفي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sharīfī; also known as Semnānī) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Drättehorn (also known as Drettenhorn) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of the Schilthorn in the Bernese Oberland.
 Mongolicosa mongolensis is a species of wolf spider only known from Gurvanbulag district Bayankhongor Province Mongolia.This spider up to 8 mm in length is dark brown in colour. There are pale bands on the carapace and a reddish heart-shaped mark on the abdomen although all body markings are poorly defined. The legs however show clear pale banding.
 The Homunculus is a fantasy novel by author David H. Keller M.D.. It was first published in 1949 by Prime Press in an edition of 2112 copies of which 112 were slipcased and signed by the author.
 Dučevac is a village in the municipality of Babušnica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 136 people.
 Marassana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within the Central Province.
 Alverson-Copeland House is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County New York. It was built about 1853 and is a 2-story three-bay-wide and three-bay-deep brick residence with late Greek Revival– and early-Italianate–style design and decoration features. A 1 1⁄2-story brick wing extends from the rear.
 Većeslav Holjevac (August 22 1917 – July 11 1970) was a Croatian and Yugoslav soldier and communist politician.Holjevac was born in Karlovac at the time in Austria-Hungary. He joined the Communist Party of Yugoslavia in 1939. Following the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia and establishment of Independent State of Croatia Holjevac was active in resistance movement and in July 1941 he was one of the founders of Partisan units in Kordun and Banovina regions of Croatia.
 Break of Dawn is the debut album by Do As Infinity released in 2000. This is the only album cover where Dai Nagao is included in along with the other two members. The song Raven was used as the ending theme for the Japanese horror film Uzumaki.
 The Natural Order Of Things is the second EP and the fifth release by the band Trespassers William. It was released digitally on March 12 2009.
 Off the Hook is the second studio album by American R&B singing group Xscape released by So So Def Recording on July 18 1995 in North America. The album was production by Jermaine Dupri features a guest appearance by MC Lyte. Off the Hook spawned four singles including Feels So Good Do You Want To Who Can I Run To and Can't Hang.Off The Hook was certified platinum by the RIAA.
 Playgrounds: a portrait of rave culture is a novel by Tom Griffin about 1990s dance and rave culture. Released in 2005 the novel is set during the peak period of the culture in the late 1990s. Set in Melbourne Australia the novel explores the warehouse rave scene and incorporates references to some of the biggest name DJ's and artists of the time.
 Spaced Invaders is a 1990 science fiction comedy directed by Patrick Read Johnson and starring Douglas Barr Royal Dano and Ariana Richards.
 Śliwniki [ɕlivˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Parzęczew 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 125.
 Bremsnes Church (Norwegian: Bremsnes kyrkje) is a parish church in Averøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Bremsnes on the eastern coast of the island of Averøya just west of the city of Kristiansund. The church is part of the Bremsnes parish in the Ytre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church is a cruciform church that was built in 1771. The church seats about 350 people.
 Żerniki Górne [ʐɛrˈniki ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Corythurus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lake Alice is a small lake approximately 7 km south west of Marton in the Manawatu-Wanganui region of the North Island. The nearby Lake Alice Hospital that closed in 1999 is named after the lake.
 Jack Louis Breaux Sr. (November 6 1926 – January 26 1980) was the Republican mayor of Zachary Louisiana in East Baton Rouge Parish for nearly fourteen years — from his first election in 1966 until his death of a brain tumor. He was also the first member of his party since Reconstruction to head the municipal government of a Louisiana city. Breaux (no relation to Democratic U.S. Senator John Breaux) was elected as a part-time mayor in the spring of 1966.
 The Little Pine River is a 29.7-mile-long (47.8 km) tributary of the Pine River of Minnesota in the United States. Via the Pine River it is part of the Mississippi River watershed. The Little Pine River begins in the northeast corner of Crow Wing County at the outlet of Little Pine Lake and flows southwest to its junction with the Pine River in Crow Wing State Forest.
 Hasan Dosti (1895 – January 29 1991) was an Albanian jurist and politician. Being a staunch Albanian nationalist Dosti was considered by the Albanian communists to be one of their greatest enemies.
 Brighton Town Hall is a historic town hall located at Brighton Franklin County New York. It was built in 1914 and is a modest one story American Craftsman style building measuring 35 feet wide and 58 feet deep. It rests on a fieldstone foundation with exposed cobblestone piers at the front. It features three telescoping graduated gables with exposed rafters and decorative braces. The interior contains a large 30 feet by 34 feet meeting hall.
 How to Find the Ideal (Ukrainian: Как найти идеал Kak nayti ideal) is a 2007 Ukrainian comedy directed by Vera Yakovenko and starring Armen Grigoryan.
 Chanthupottu is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by Lal Jose written by Benny P. Nayarambalam and produced by Lal. The story is about a man named Radhakrishnan (Dileep) who was brought up like a girl by his grandmother. This film was a super hit at the box office.
 Tropical Nights (German: Tropennächte) is a 1931 American German language drama film directed by Leo Mittler and starring Dita Parlo Robert Thoeren and Fritz Greiner. The film was one of five multi-language versions of the American film Dangerous Paradise (1930) made by Paramount at the Joinville Studios in Paris. These were made in the years following the introduction of sound film before the practice of dubbing became widespread.
 Ammomanes is a genus of lark in the Alaudidae family. It contains the following species: Bar-tailed Lark (Ammomanes cinctura) Rufous-tailed Lark (Ammomanes phoenicura) Desert Lark (Ammomanes deserti) Gray's Lark (Ammomanes grayi)
 The Cowlitz River is a river in the state of Washington in the United States a tributary of the Columbia River. Its tributaries drain a large region including the slopes of Mount Rainier Mount Adams and Mount St. Helens.The Cowlitz has a 2586-square-mile (6698 km2) drainage basin located between the Cascade Range in eastern Lewis County Washington and the cities of Kelso and Longview. The river is roughly 105 miles (169 km) long not counting tributaries.
 Ceromitia aphroneura is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from Mozambique.
 GRITS 7 the musical group GRITS's Seventh CD was released on Gotee Records in 2006. The majority of the songs come from previously released albums heavily from the Dichotomy albums but there are three new songs: Changes I Try and Time to Pray.
 The Euschelspass (1567 m) is a high mountain pass of the Swiss Alps connecting Schwarzsee with Jaun in the canton of Fribourg. The pass lies on the watershed between the Jogne and the Sense and is located between the Chörblispitz and the Schafberg.The pass is traversed by a trail.
 Rastrinus scutiger is a species of sculpin found from the Gulf of Alaska to the Bering Sea in the northeastern Pacific Ocean. It is a deep water species occurring at depths of from 100 to 740 metres (330 to 2430 ft) most commonly found at 200 to 300 metres (660 to 980 ft). This species grows to a length of 16 centimetres (6.3 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Lake Alexandrina is a lake in South Australia adjacent to the coast of the Southern Ocean about 100 kilometres south-east of Adelaide.
 Tylomelania neritiformis is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pachychilidae.Tylomelania neritiformis is the type species of the genus Tylomelania. This type species was subsequently designated by Johannes Thiele in 1929.
 The Augsburger Allgemeine Zeitung is a major German regional daily newspaper published since 1945.
 Bijan (Persian: بيجان‎ also Romanized as Bījān; also known as Bejān) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Frederick Robinson (August 7 1799 - January 22 1882) served as sheriff of Essex County Massachusetts and as the President of the Massachusetts Senate.
 Micraspis is a genus of the Ladybird family.Species of the genus include: Micraspis discolor (Fabricius 1798) Micraspis frenata (Erichson 1842) Micraspis lineola (Fabricius 1775) Micraspis striata (Fabricius 1792)↑
 Genesis is a 1986 Hindi-language movie directed by Mrinal Sen. The film stars Shabana Azmi Naseeruddin Shah and Om Puri. It was entered into the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Vitri Tower is a 75-story tall building located on Costa del Este Panama City. The building is 281 meters high and is the second tallest building in Panama City and the third of Latin America. It is located on the west side of the building Ocean Two its construction began in 2007 and reached its maximum height in late 2010 with completion in early 2012.
 Przeciszów [pʂɛˈt͡ɕiʂuf] is a village in Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Przeciszów. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Oświęcim and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 3996.
 The Valea Păișului River is a tributary of the Tămaşul river in Romania.
 Raven Hawk is a 1996 TV action/thriller film directed by Albert Pyun and starring Rachel McLish John Enos III Nicholas Guest Vincent Klyn and Thom Mathews.
 Searching was a racehorse. Searching was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1978 five years after her death.The filly was born in 1952 at Claiborne Farm near Paris Kentucky where the Wheatley Stable (founded in 1926 by Gladys Mills Phipps and her brother Ogden L. Mills) bred and raised its horses. After the Second World War Gladys's son Ogden Phipps purchased a number of horses from the estate of Colonel Edward R. Bradley and his Idle Hour Stock Farm.
 Let There Be Rock: The Movie – Live in Paris is a live double CD by the hard rock band AC/DC released as Disc Two and Disc Three of the Bonfire box set in 1997.It is also the soundtrack of the film.The album was recorded live at the Pavillon de Paris in Paris France on 9 December 1979 during the Highway to Hell World Tour. A motion picture of this concert entitled AC/DC: Let There Be Rock was released theatrically and on videotape in 1980 and on DVD on 7 June 2011.
 Dave Brubeck: In His Own Sweet Way is a 2010 documentary film about jazz pianist legend Dave Brubeck. It was directed and produced by Bruce Ricker with Clint Eastwood as executive producer for Turner Classic Movies (TCM) to commemorate Brubeck's 90th birthday in December 2010. It aired on his birthday December 6 2010.
 Fifty Classic Climbs Of North America is a climbing guidebook and history written by Steve Roper and Allen Steck. It is considered a definitive piece of climbing literature known to many climbers as simply The Book and has served as an inspiration for more recent climbing books such as Mark Kroese's Fifty Favorite Climbs.
 Benthomangelia bandella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Qasr Mshatta (Arabic: قصر المشتى‎ Winter Palace) is the ruin of an Umayyad winter palace probably commissioned by caliph Al-Walid II (743-744). The ruins are located approximately 30 km south of Amman Jordan north of Queen Alia International Airport and are part of a string of castles palaces and caravanserai known collectively in Jordan as the Desert Castles.
 Karopady is a small village in Dakshina Kannada district Karnataka in far southern India. It is the border village between Karnataka and Kerala.
 Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان اباد‎ also Romanized as Soltānābād) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Complete 1957 Riverside Recordings is a 2006 release of Thelonious Monk and John Coltrane's work for the Riverside Records label in 1957 with two tracks previously unreleased in any form.This collection is an almost complete anthology of the work of Monk and Coltrane who only recorded together in the studio during 1957. The set draws from the self-titled Thelonious Monk with John Coltrane Monk's Music and a solitary trio track from Thelonious Himself.
 Da Unbreakables is the sixth studio album from the rap group Three 6 Mafia. The album features Lord Infamous DJ Paul Juicy J and Crunchy Black. Gangsta Boo and Koopsta Knicca both left to pursue solo careers. Da Unbreakables marks the beginning of the general trajectory of Three 6 Mafia's career to date moving them further away from their horrorcore beginnings toward the hardcore rap mainstream yet doing so without compromising any of duo Juicy J and DJ Paul's production style.
 Uaru is a small genus of cichlids found in blackwater and whitewater habitats in the upper Orinoco and Rio Negro rivers of the Amazon basin.
 All Good is the seventh studio album by Filipino singer Nina released in the Philippines on January 23 2013 by Viva Records. The album release was accompanied by the singer's comeback major concert at the Music Museum entitled Nina Reborn.
 Oregocerata recurrens is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Cotopaxi Province).The wingspan is 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamish tinged with brown and spotted with dark brown. The hindwings are cream slightly mixed with ochreous apically.
 Visual Karma (Body Mind and Soul) is the first live album by Italian gothic metal band Lacuna Coil that was released in November 2008. The DVD is retrospective of all things from the band's Karmacode album cycle the set features concerts filmed at Germany's Wacken Festival and at the Japanese Loudpark Festival on 2007.
 Bailey Gatzert (December 29 1829 – April 19 1893) was the eighth mayor of Seattle Washington serving from 1875 to 1876. He was the first Jewish mayor of Seattle narrowly missing being the first Jewish mayor of a major American city[citation needed] (Moses Bloom became mayor of Iowa City Iowa in 1873) and has been the only Jewish mayor of Seattle to date.Gatzert was born in 1829 in Darmstadt Germany and emigrated to Natchez Mississippi in 1849 coming west four years later.
 Nevados de Chillán is a group of stratovolcanoes located in the Andes of the Bío Bío Region Chile and is one of the most active volcanoes in the region. It consists of three overlapping peaks 3212 m (10538 ft) Cerro Blanco (Volcán Nevado) at the northwest and 3089 m (10135 ft) Volcán Viejo (Volcán Chillán) at the southeast with Volcán Nuevo in the middle.
 The European Journal of Personality is the official bimonthly academic journal of the European Association of Personality Psychology covering research on personality published by Wiley in the United States. According to the 2011 Journal Citation Reports its impact factor is 2.438 (down from 2.597 in 2009) ranking it 8th in the category social psychology.
 Scarlett is the second release and first full-length album of indie rock group Spook the Horse released on February 18 2009.Spook the Horse was selected as one of a handful of local Seattle bands featured in the 2007 release Volume 5 of DVD music performance series Burn to Shine and features the song Another New Year also found on the Scarlett release
 Recollection is a greatest hits collection from six-time Dove Award-winning artist Nichole Nordeman. It compiles songs from her albums Wide Eyed This Mystery Woven & Spun and Brave such as Holy (2002) and Why? and also includes two brand new songs Finally Free (the 2007 Women of Faith theme song) and Sunrise. Sunrise which was prereleased as a single on iTunes and other music download services very quickly became a hit on radio[citation needed].
 Karen Whitefield (born 8 January 1970 Bellshill) is a Scottish politician and former Member of the Scottish Parliament for the Airdrie and Shotts constituency.Prior to her election as MSP she worked as a personal assistant to Rachel Squire Member of Parliament.As an MSP she chaired the Parliament's Education Committee where she used her casting vote to reject the student graduate endowment bill a Scottish National Party (SNP) flagship policy.
 High Voltage!: A Brief History of Rock is a Kerrang! covermount CD released on May 31 2006 featuring many older rock songs covered by newer rock artists.
 Pseudohomalenotus bicornutus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Tu ten kámen (full name:Tu ten kámen aneb Kterak láskou mozno v mziku vzplanout treba k neboztíku) is a 1923 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Karl Anton.
 James George Stopford 3rd Earl of Courtown KP PC (15 August 1765 – 15 June 1835) known as Viscount Stopford from 1770 to 1810 was an Anglo-Irish peer and Tory politician.Courtown was the eldest son of James Stopford 2nd Earl of Courtown and his wife Mary (née Powys). Educated at Eton College he served with the Coldstream Guards and achieved the rank of Captain. In 1790 he was elected to the House of Commons for Great Bedwyn a seat he held until 1796 and again from 1806 to 1807.
 Vengalil Krishnan Krishna Menon (3 May 1896 – 6 October 1974) was an Indian nationalist diplomat and statesman described as the second most powerful man in India by Time magazine and others after his ally and intimate friend Jawaharlal Nehru.Noted for his eloquence brilliance and forceful highly abrasive persona Menon inspired widespread adulation and fervent detraction in both India and the West; to his supporters he was an unapologetic champion of India in the face of Western imperialism who famously taught the white man his place; to his Western detractors Nehru’s evil genius. 
 Buffalo Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Buffalo Township Union County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1846 and is a one-story brick and wood frame building three bays wide and four bays deep. It features a full-width portico supported by four square columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Late Show is a live album by saxophonists Eddie Lockjaw Davis and Johnny Griffin recorded at Minton's Playhouse in 1961 and released on the Prestige label in 1965. The album was the fourth release from the recordings at Minton's after The Tenor Scene The First Set and The Midnight Show.
 Never Touched Me is a 1919 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 The Trucks is the debut album from the American electronic rock group The Trucks. It was released by Clickpop Records on August 10th 2006. The Trucks played Sasquatch! Music Festival in 2006.
 Cyrille Dumaine (July 8 1897 – October 11 1946) was a Canadian politician from Quebec. He was born on July 8 1897 in Saint-Hugues and was a notary.
 The Christina Kuhl House is located in Stevens Point Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Encantado River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Al Anwar (Arabic: الانوار‎) (English translation: The Lights) is an Arabic daily newspaper published in Lebanon. It is one of the leading papers in the country.
 Probarbus labeamajor is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Cambodia Laos and Thailand.
 The Hyde Park Railroad Station is the former New York Central Railroad station located where Crum Elbow Creek flows into the Hudson River in Hyde Park New York USA. A one-story wooden station was first established by the Central at the spot in 1851 by the Hudson River Railroad connecting New York City and Albany.
 Wodzin Majoracki [ˈvɔd͡ʑin majɔˈrat͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Mr. Stranger's Sealed Packet is a short novel by Hugh MacColl. It was first published in English in 1889. This novel is now out of print.The novel deals with a journey to Mars in a flying machine and describes the history and customs of the Martians depicting a scientifically advanced utopian society.
 The Masquerader is a 1914 film written and directed by Charles Chaplin and starring Chaplin and Roscoe Arbuckle. Its running time is 9 minutes. It is the tenth film directed and the second written by Chaplin.
 South Ridge is a cluster of six residential towers located in Downtown Dubai in Dubai United Arab Emirates. South Ridge was completed in May 2008. The six towers range in height from 120 m (390 ft) to 176 m (577 ft). The shortest tower has 30 floors while the tallest has 44 floors. Downtown Dubai is the complex that includes the Burj Khalifa the Dubai Mall and other major projects.
 The AWA Review is a series of annual softcover books of original research articles on the history of radio. It is published by the Antique Wireless Association (AWA) a membership organization founded in 1952 and based in Bloomfield New York USA. Volume 1 was published in 1986 and Volume 26 was published in 2013.
 Público (Portuguese for Public) is a Portuguese daily national newspaper.It began publication on 5 March 1990. The newspaper is known as a publication of the French school with extensive texts and few illustrations. It was founded by Sonae and is nowadays owned by the Sonae.com group.Its first editor-in-chief was Vicente Jorge Silva formerly sub-editor-in-chief at Expresso.José Manuel Fernandes was editor-in-chief for the last 11 years.
 Vladimir (Nikolayevich) Janjgava (Georgian: ვლადიმერ ჯანჯღავა; May 19 1907 – April 10 1982) was a Lieutenant General and Hero of the Soviet Union who participated in battles during the Winter War and was specialist in infantry warfare during World War II. Janigava held command of various infantry regiments divisions and corps of the soviet army.
 Hilton Indianapolis is a hotel in Indianapolis Indiana. The building was completed in 1971 and has 18 floors with a total of 332 rooms. The Hilton was formerly the tallest hotel in the city; the JW Marriott surpassed it when it was completed in 2011. The location was formerly the site of the Traction Terminal Building which was a covered depot for the interurban lines in Indianapolis.
 Such Is the Law is a 1930 British film directed by Sinclair Hill.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Enrico Decleva (born 18 April 1941) is an Italian historian.He became professor of modern history in the University of Milan in 1974 and full professor of contemporary history in 1976. He authored books on Carlo Rosselli on the Società Umanitaria of Milan and on the founder of the Arnoldo Mondadori Editore. For the latter in 1994 he won the 27th Acqui Award of History.He was dean of the Humanities school from 1986 to 1997 deputy rector from 1997 to 2001 and rector from 2001 to 2012.
 Monthly Shōnen Sirius (Japanese: 月刊少年シリウス Hepburn: Gekkan Shōnen Shiriusu) is a Japanese monthly shōnen manga magazine published by Kodansha and first issued in May 2005. It is issued in perfect-bound B5 format and retails for 580 yen. Like all monthly shonen manga magazines Monthly Shonen Sirius is aimed at late teens and people in their early 20s from ages 16 to 21.
 The Forbidden Street is a 1949 British drama film directed by Jean Negulesco and starring Dana Andrews Maureen O'Hara Sybil Thorndike Fay Compton and A. E. Matthews. In Victorian London a young woman marries a poor drunken artist and struggles to make ends meet. After his death she takes in a lodger whom she soon falls in love with.
 Doppelgänger is a 1969 British science-fiction film directed by Robert Parrish and starring Roy Thinnes Ian Hendry Lynn Loring and Patrick Wymark. Outside Europe it is known as Journey to the Far Side of the Sun which is now the more popular title. In the film a joint European-NASA mission to investigate a planet in a position parallel to Earth behind the Sun ends in disaster with the death of one of the astronauts (Hendry).
 The Simoqin Prophecies (2004 Penguin India) is a fantasy novel in English written by Indian author Samit Basu and is the first novel in the GameWorld trilogy.
 The Lilac Time is the third album by Pelle Carlberg.
 Nitsijärvi (Skolt Sami: Njeˊǯǯjäuˊrr) is a medium-sized lake in the Lapland of Finland. It is situated only 68 km from the Norwegian border in the village of Näätämö. It belongs to the Paatsjoki main catchment area.
 All Saints Roman Catholic Church is located at 127 Chadduck Ave Buffalo New York in the city's Riverside neighborhood.
 Rangeela (Hindi: रंगीला) is a 1995 Indian Hindi romantic comedy drama film directed by Ram Gopal Varma and starring Aamir Khan Jackie Shroff and Urmila Matondkar. The film was A. R. Rahman's debut Hindi film with an original score as the previous ones were dubbed from his Tamil scores. The soundtrack features playback singer Udit Narayan Asha Bhosle Hariharan Kavita Krishnamurthy Suresh Wadkar Chitra Swarnalatha Shweta Shetty young Aditya Narayan and A. R.
 The term rock sparrow can also be used to refer to the genus Petronia as wholeThe Rock Sparrow (Petronia petronia) is a small passerine bird. This sparrow breeds on barren rocky hills from the Iberian peninsula and western north Africa across southern Europe and through central Asia. It is largely resident in the west of its range but Asian birds migrate to more southerly areas or move down the mountains.
 The Aley River (Russian: Алей) is a Russian river. It is a tributary of the Ob located in the Altai Krai. Bigger towns along the river are Rubtsovsk and Aleysk.
 The MacDonald House (Chinese: 麦唐纳大厦) is a historic building in Singapore and is located at Orchard Road in the Museum Planning Area within the Central Area Singapore's central business district. Initially built for a bank it continues to function as a banking hall (albeit for a different bank) today although it is more well known to be the site of a bombing attack in 1965 at the height of Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation.
 Here Comes John Allan Cameron is the debut album from Canadian singer/songwriter John Allan Cameron. It was recorded at the RCA recording studios in Montreal Quebec using the same studio John Lennon used to record Give Peace A Chance. The album is notable as being the first professional multi-track recording by a Cape Breton artist. The album helped launch Cameron's career abroad leading to performances at the Newport Folk Festival and Mariposa Folk Festival.
 The Adams Vacuum & Sewing building (also known as the Montrose Masonic Temple) refers to a historic building in Montrose Colorado. Constructed in 1911 as a meeting hall for Montrose Lodge No. 63 Ancient Free and Accepted Masons the building is in the Classical Revival style. The Masons met in the upper floors while the ground floor was rented out as commercial space (in addition to the Adams Vacuum and Sewing company it has held a printing and office supply store and a funeral home).
 The Henry K. List House also known as the Wheeling-Moundsville Chapter of the American Red Cross is a historic home located at 827 Main Street in Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. It was built in 1858 and consists of a two-story square main block with an offset two-story rear wing. The brick mansion features a low-pitched hipped roof with a balustraded square cupola. It has Renaissance Revival and Italianate design details.
 Elsewhere for 8 Minutes is the debut album by Australian band Something for Kate. It was released in 1997 on Murmur. The name is a reference to the time it takes light travelling from the sun to reach planet earth. The band recorded the album at York St Studios in Auckland New Zealand with producer Brian Paulson whose previous credits included Wilco Slint and Son Volt. Frontman Paul Dempsey said the band chose to record overseas to avoid being interrupted.
 Bavil-e Sofla (Persian: باويل سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bāvīl-e Soflá) is a village in Bavil Rural District in the Central District of Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1502 in 475 families.
 New Writings in SF 29 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer the eighth volume of nine he oversaw in the New Writings in SF series in succession to the series' originator John Carnell. It was first published in hardcover by Sidgwick & Jackson in November 1976 followed by a paperback edition issued by Corgi in 1978.
 Hypsibarbus macrosquamatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hypsibarbus.
 Nabis lovetti is a type of damsel bug in the family Nabidae.
 Qasr-e Ahmad (Persian: قصراحمد‎ also Romanized as Qaşr-e Aḩmad and Qasr Ahmad; also known as Kasr Aḩmad) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2303 in 527 families.
 David A. Novstrup (born February 2 1983 in Aberdeen South Dakota) is an American politician and a Republican member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 3 since January 2007. He is the son of South Dakota Senator and former Representative Al Novstrup.
 Endocrine Journal is a peer reviewed medical journal published by the Japan Endocrine Society.The journal was first published in 1954 under the title Endocrinologia Japonica and was renamed to its current title in 1993 starting from Volume 40.
 The Machipongo River is a 16.5-mile-long (26.6 km) river in Accomack County on the Eastern Shore of the U.S. state of Virginia.
 St Peter's Church Wickham Bishops is a redundant church in the village of Wickham Bishops Essex England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is cared for by the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 Bovirdeh (Persian: بويرده‎ also Romanized as Bovīrdeh and Boveyr Deh; also known as Bavāredeh and Bwairda) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 12 families.
 De Nicéville's Windmill Byasa polla is a butterfly found in India that belongs to the Windmills genus Byasa comprising tailed black swallowtail butterflies with white spots and red submarginal crescents.
 Väljataguse is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County Estonia.
 Panopeus herbstii (the black-fingered mud crab black-clawed mud crab Atlantic mud crab or sometimes common mud crab) is a true crab belonging to the infraorder Brachyura and is the largest of the mud crabs.P. herbstii is small growing to about 4 cm with black-tipped claws of unequal size. P. herbstii has a strong exoskeleton with very thick and strong claws. The shell is a dull gray and brown color.P.
 Private Parts is a 1997 American biographical comedy film produced by Ivan Reitman and released by Paramount Pictures. Written by Len Blum and Michael Kalesniko the film is an adaptation of the 1993 best-selling book of the same name by radio personality Howard Stern who stars as himself. It follows his life from boyhood to the cusp of break-out success in radio.
 Sklodowska (Skłodowska) is a large lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies just past the southeastern limb and can sometimes be viewed from Earth under favorable conditions of libration and illumination. The crater is located to the northeast of the older walled plain Curie and to the southwest of Pasteur another walled plain.This is a prominent crater with a well-defined rim and little appearance of wear from impact erosion.
 The Philippine Dawn Bat (Eonycteris robusta) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family found in the Philippines.
 Megapedetes is a genus of fossil rodents related to the springhare and other species of the genus Pedetes with which it forms the family Pedetidae. At least four species are known which ranged through Africa southwestern Asia and southeastern Europe from the Miocene to the Pliocene. The genus was larger than Pedetes.Species of Megapedetes were larger relatively low-crowned (brachydont) pedetids with short mostly fused roots under their teeth.
 Wysogotówek [vɨsɔɡɔˈtuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kotlin 9 km (6 mi) east of Jarocin and 68 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The German name for this town was Weißkotten during the Third Reich occupation and presumably under the Kingdom of Prussia during most of the 1800s.
 John Clyde Morris III(born 1958) is a businessman and attorney from Monroe Louisiana who is a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 14 which encompasses Ouachita and Morehouse parishes in the northeastern portion of his state.
 Al Sahab is a residential high rise development in Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The development consists of two towers; Tower 1 a 24 storey structure and Tower 2 a 44 storey structure. The complex is a high-rise waterfront development which directly overlooks the largest bay of water at Dubai Marina.
 Anthene lacides the Delicate Ciliate Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Tshopo).
 The Porcărețu River is a tributary of the Miceşti River in Romania.
 Unbroken is the fifth studio album from Fiona. After being persuaded to rejoin the ranks of the music industry (following a two decade hiatus) by producer James Christian singer Robin Beck and guitarist Tommy Denander Fiona released the album on October 17 2011 via Life on the Moon Records.
 Palešnik is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D45 highway.
 Andrew Kandrevas is a Democratic member of the Michigan House of Representatives representing the 13th district. Prior to his service in the legislature Kandrevas served as president of the Southgate City Council and as a prosecutor for Wayne County.
 The Black Hills are a small range of hills in Thurston and Grays Harbor counties of Washington. They are a subset of the Willapa Hills. 2589-foot (789 m) Capitol Peak is the highest peak in the range.The Capitol State Forest has roughly the same boundaries as the Black Hills.The high school A.G. West Black Hills is named for the hills. So is Black Hills Community Hospital and the local soccer club the Blackhills Football Club.
 Monastery of Our Lady of Charity is a historic church monastery at 1900 Montana in San Antonio Texas.It was built in 1899 and added to the National Register in 1999.
 An Eye for an Eye (aka Talion) is a 1966 Western film directed by Michael D. Moore.Robert Lansing plays Talion a homesteader who after his ranch is burned to the ground and his wife and child are murdered meets up with and hires bounty hunter Benny Wallace (Patrick Wayne son of John Wayne) to track down the killer Ike Slant (Slim Pickens). Along the way they befriend single mother Bri Quince (Gloria Talbott) and her son Jo-Hi (Clint Howard).
 No. 1 of the Secret Service is a 1977 imitation James Bond film starring Nicky Henson as British secret agent Charles Bind. It was directed and written by Lindsay Shonteff and produced by his wife Elizabeth Gray. The film had the working title of 008 of the Secret Service. It was released on VHS under the title Her Majesty’s Top Gun.
 Wapiti Pass is a mountain pass in the Northern Rocky Mountains of British Columbia Canada. It located immediately east of Wapiti Lake Provincial Park at the headwaters of the Wapiti River northeast of Prince George and west of Monkman Provincial Park. No roads or railways cross the pass. While it and Monkman Pass were surveyed prior to the building of the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway the GTP decided to use the Yellowhead Pass to the southeast instead.
 The Speyer Cathedral officially the Imperial Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption and St Stephen in Latin: Domus sanctae Mariae Spirae (German: Dom zu Unserer lieben Frau in Speyer) in Speyer Germany is the seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Speyer and is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Bamberg. The cathedral which is dedicated to St. Mary patron saint of Speyer (Patrona Spirensis) and St. Stephen is generally known as Kaiserdom zu Speyer (Imperial Cathedral of Speyer).
 Toronto Grace Health Centre is a hospital located at 650 Church Street in Toronto Ontario. Owned and operated by the Salvation Army it specializes in palliative care slow-paced rehabilitation and complex continuing care.
 The Sierras de Córdoba is a mountain range in central Argentina located between the Pampas to the east and south the Chaco to the north and the foothills of the Andes to the west. Almost the entire range except for the southwestern margin in San Luis Province is located in Córdoba Province.
 Amerika also known as The Man Who Disappeared (German: Der Verschollene) is the incomplete first novel of author Franz Kafka (1883–1924) written between 1911 and 1914 and published posthumously in 1927. The novel originally began as a short story titled The Stoker. The novel incorporates many details of the experiences of his relatives who had emigrated to America.
 Lucjanów [lut͡sˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Lipsko and 126 km (78 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Teenoso (7 April 1980 – October 4 1999) was an American-bred British Thoroughbred racehorse. After showing moderate form as a two-year-old he improved in the spring of 1983 to win the Group Three Lingfield Derby Trial and then won the Classic Epsom Derby giving Lester Piggott a record ninth win in the race.
 Earth Inferno is the first book by the English artist and magician Austin Osman Spare when he was 18.
 Elliot Goldenthal scored the soundtrack for the movie Demolition Man. It is an example of his off-beat style and use of unconventional techniques in film score incorporating big brass clashes and complex dramatic string arrangements.It won Goldenthal an ASCAP award in 1994 for best original score and was his first big budget action film score.
 Judy Ayotte Paradis (born January 17 1944) is an American politician from Maine. From 1986-2000 she served in the Maine Legislature as a member of the Maine House of Representatives (1986-1992) and the Maine Senate (1992-2000).
 The Waterworks is a novel by E. L. Doctorow written in 1994.
 The Kilmorey Mausoleum in St Margarets in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames is a Grade II* listed mausoleum in the style of an ancient Egyptian monument and has been described as a fine example of an Egyptian-style mausoleum with an unusually good interior.
 Tanum is a parish and district in the municipality of Bærum Norway. Its population (2007) is 2751.Tanum is home for the romanesque Tanum Church built between 1100 and 1130 and expanded in the 18th century. The church is known for its plaster art. The church is placed near the highest point of the Tanum plateau located approximately 150 meters above sea level.
 The horny nerite Neritodryas cornea is a species of freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae the nerites.
 Regular Urban Survivors is the third album by the British rock band Terrorvision. Perseverance Easy Bad Actress and Celebrity Hit List were each released as singles. Perseverance and Celebrity Hit List were both regular Match of the Day 'goal of the week' regulars. The album featured movie-themed artwork which depicted the band members as part of a James Bond/Mission: Impossible-style elite fighting force.
 The Valea lui Nan River is a tributary of the Sbârcioara River in Romania.
 Peter Partington (born September 9 1939) is a politician in Niagara Ontario Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1985 to 1987 as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party. He later served as chair of the Niagara Regional Council from 2003 to 2010.Partington was born in St. Catharines Ontario. He has a Bachelor of Arts degree and a law degree from the University of Western Ontario. He practiced as a barrister and solicitor before entering political life.
 Anthias is a genus of colourful fishes in the subfamily Anthiinae. Most species are found at deep reefs in the tropical and subtropical Atlantic often well below depths reachable to a scuba diver. A single species A. noeli is found at deep reefs in the East Pacific.They are red pink orange or yellow and the largest species reach 29 cm (11 in) in length. They typically occur in groups that feed on zooplankton.
 Radzice Małe [raˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Drzewica 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Opoczno and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 590.
 Thomas E. Trowbridge known as Tom Trowbridge (December 18 1930 – July 7 2009) originally a dairy farmer from Carbon County Wyoming served as a Democrat in both houses of the Wyoming State Legislature from 1979 to 1986. He was a member of the Wyoming House of Representatives for two two-year terms and he served a single four-year term in the Wyoming State Senate.
 The Hyatt Regency Rochester is a Hyatt hotel and skyscraper located in Rochester New York. Standing at 271 feet (83 meters) tall with 25 floors it is the seventh tallest building in Rochester.
 Webster Pass elevation 12103 ft (3689 m) is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains of Colorado in the United States. Originally known as Handcart Pass the name changed in the 1870s after the Webster brothers constructed a toll road.
 George B. Sinner is a Democratic member of the North Dakota Senate representing the 46th district. Sinner is the son of former Governor George A. Sinner. Sinner has declared his intentions to run to represent North Dakota in the U.S. House of Representatives in 2014.
 Old City Hall also known as the Southern Market is a historic complex of adjoining buildings in Mobile Alabama that currently houses the History Museum of Mobile. The complex was built from 1855 to 1857 to serve as a city hall and as a marketplace. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
 The Tocilița River is a tributary of the Valea Cheii River in Romania.
 Castelvecchio Museum (Italian: Museo Civico di Castelvecchio) is a museum in Verona northern Italy located in the eponymous medieval castle. Restoration by the architect Carlo Scarpa between 1959 and 1973 has enhanced the appearance of the building and exhibits.
 Crazy Heart: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a 2010 film soundtrack album to accompany the film Crazy Heart directed by Scott Cooper starring Jeff Bridges and Maggie Gyllenhaal.
 The Historic Railpark and Train Museum formerly the Louisville and Nashville Railroad Station in Bowling Green Kentucky is located in the historic railroad station. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 18 1979. Opened in 1925 the standing depot is the third Louisville & Nashville Railroad depot that served Bowling Green.
 Jose Armando R. Melo (born May 30 1932) is a Filipino lawyer and jurist who served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 1992 to 2002. He is a former Chairman of the Commission on Elections (COMELEC) and was succeeded by election lawyer Sixto Brillantes.
 Camp Sloggett in Koke'e State Park near Kokee Hawaii is a historic site with significance from 1921. It is within state lands but has buildings owned by the Kauai Young Womens' Christian Association.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 This is Japanimetal Marathon is an internationally released album by Japanese novelty heavy metal band Animetal. The album consists mainly of Animetal Marathon mixed with select tracks from the band's singles along with those of Animetal Lady. Each track is labeled by the anime/tokusatsu title they come from not by their original song title. Makafushigi Adventure! (from Dragon Ball) is an exclusive track not found in Animetal's other releases.
 Pieczonogi [pjɛt͡ʂɔˈnɔɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Oleśnica 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Staszów and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 433.
 The Guajará River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Canadian Entomologist is a scientific journal of the Entomological Society of Canada published bimonthly. It has been published continuously since 1868. Volumes 1 to 54 are freely accessible in the Biodiversity Heritage Library.
 Tarnowska Wola [tarˈnɔfska ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Lubochnia 15 km (9 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Valiant Is the Word for Carrie is a 1936 film starring Gladys George Arline Judge John Howard Dudley Digges Harry Carey Isabel Jewell and Hattie McDaniel. The movie was adapted by Claude Binyon from the novel of the same name by Barry Benefield. It was directed by Wesley Ruggles.
 Vincent A. Vince Biancucci was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 15th District and was elected in 2002.He was defeated for re-election in the 2008 general election.
 Native Son (1940) is a novel by American author Richard Wright. The novel tells the story of 20-year-old Bigger Thomas a black American youth living in utter poverty. Bigger lived in a poor area on Chicago's South Side in the 1930s.While not apologizing for Bigger's crimes Wright portrays a systemic inevitability behind them.
 The Vacha (Bulgarian: Въча Bulgarian pronunciation: [ˈvətʃa]) is a river in south Bulgaria one of the main right tributaries of the Maritsa. It is 105 km long and is formed by the confluence of the Shirokolashka reka and the Byunovska reka.
 Lake Perris is an artificial lake completed in 1973. It is the southern terminus of the California State Water Project situated in a mountain-rimmed valley between Moreno Valley and city of Perris in what is now the Lake Perris State Recreation Area. The park offers a variety of recreational activities. Because of this and the lake's proximity to major population centers it is very crowded during the summer months.
 Joseph Christopher O'Mahoney (November 5 1884 – December 1 1962) was an American journalist lawyer and politician. A Democrat he served four complete terms as a U.S. Senator from Wyoming on two occasions first from 1934-1953 and then again from 1954-1961.
 Hendileh (Persian: هنديله‎ also Romanized as Hendīleh) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Lemmings are small rodents usually found in or near the Arctic in tundra biomes. They are subniveal animals and together with voles and muskrats they make up the subfamily Arvicolinae (also known as Microtinae) which forms part of the largest mammal radiation by far the superfamily Muroidea which also includes rats mice hamsters and gerbils.
 Agente Segreto 070: Thunderbay Missione Grasshopper is a 1966 Italian spy film directed by Burton van Hooven a possible alias of Cesare Canevari. It is a spoof of James Bond's Thunderball and a sequel to Un tango dalla Russia (1965) with Dan Christian repeating his role as Agente 070.
 Destination Anywhere: The Film is an American film inspired by and featuring music and concepts from Jon Bon Jovi's second solo record Destination Anywhere. The film and album was released in June 1997. The film stars Jon Bon Jovi and Demi Moore as a young couple struggling with alcoholism and the death of their young child. Directed by Mark Pellington the film debuted on both MTV and VH1 in 1997 and also stars Kevin Bacon Whoopi Goldberg and Annabella Sciorra.
 Besri (Persian: بصري‎ also Romanized as Beşrī Başarī and Basri; also known as Baştī) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1034 in 311 families.
 Kaleh Bandan (Persian: كله بندان‎ also Romanized as Kaleh Bandān) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Horace O. Moss House also known as Preferred Manor is a historic home located at New Berlin in Chenango County New York. It was built in 1831 and is a 2-story five-by-five-bay fieldstone house with a 1-story frame addition and truncated hip roof with central belvedere. It was reportedly designed by Richard Upjohn and features an elegant Federal period interior. It is located in the New Berlin Historic District.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Marked is the first novel of the House of Night fantasy series written by P.C. Cast and Kristin Cast.Young teenagers are selected to enter a four-year period transformation to a vampyre and marked with an the unfilled mark of a crescent moon.
 Amydria pauculella is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 Vergine e di nome Maria (Virgin and Called Mary) is a 1975 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Sergio Nasca. A few days after its first release it was confiscated for contempt of religion; it was subsequently re-edited and redistributed under the title Malía.
 Budziszcze [buˈd͡ʑiʂt͡ʂɛ] (German: Karolinenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Łobez and 76 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 40.
 The Invention of Hugo Cabret is an American historical fiction book written and illustrated by Brian Selznick and published by Scholastic. The hardcover edition was released on January 30 2007 and the paperback edition was released on June 2 2008. With 284 pictures between the book's 533 pages the book depends as much on its pictures as it does on the words.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Honeoye Falls in Monroe County New York. It is a one story stone structure built in 1841-1842 with a bell tower added in 1855. The building features Greek Revival massing and a Doric order portico with Gothic Revival arched windows and doorways.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The About this sound Müritz ([ˈmyʁɪts]; from Slavic little sea) is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern northern Germany. Its area is 117 km² which makes it the second largest lake in Germany (after Lake Constance) and the largest lake entirely within Germany. Its maximum depth is 31 metres. It is fed and drained by the river Elde. Part of the Müritz and adjacent forests and wetlands are protected by the Müritz National Park. The former Müritz district was named after the lake.
 Adaptability and Partnership: Issues for the Strategic Defence Review is an government of the United Kingdom green paper released on 2 February 2010. The publication sets out the framework for Strategic Defence Review (SDR) which seeks to provide guidance for UK's options for the future shape of Britain's armed forces.
 Draganchetata is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Raise the Alarm is the debut album by British indie band The Sunshine Underground released 28 August 2006. NME have described the album as the first great album of the new rave movement that is currently being championed by the publication which includes the Klaxons and Shitdisco.
 Genesis In Concert is a concert film directed and produced by Tony Maylam for the English progressive rock band Genesis. The recording of the film took place during concerts in Glasgow Scotland and Stafford England in 1976. The film was released in 1977.
 Eogenes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Banadkuk-e Dizeh (Persian: بنادكوك ديزه‎ also Romanized as Banādkūk-e Dīzeh; also known as Banādk-e Dīzeh Banad Kook and Banādkūk) is a village in Banadkuk Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1535 in 483 families.
 East Fork Arkansas River is a 20.6-mile-long (33.2 km) tributary of the Arkansas River that flows from a source in the Mosquito Range of central Colorado. It joins the Arkansas west of Leadville Colorado.
 Cooperation and Conflict is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of international studies that have a Nordic and European focus. The journal's editors are Lee Miles (Karlstad University) and Jan Ångström (Swedish National Defence College). It was established in 1965 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Young At Art Museum (YAA) is a museum in Davie Florida founded in 1987 with the belief that art is a fundamental part of a child’s complete education. It is located at 751 SW 121st Avenue Davie Florida USA in the Greater Fort Lauderdale region. The museum is one of only 8 Major Cultural Institutions in Broward County and is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums. The 55000 sq. ft.
 Tysons Galleria is an upscale three-level super-regional mall owned by General Growth Properties located at 2001 International Drive McLean Virginia in Tysons Corner.
 Vijay Chand is a Fiji Indian politician who won the Labasa Indian Communal Constituency for the Labour Party in 2006 general election.Prior to entering politics he was an Information Officer with the Ministry of Information Fiji.In 2009 after the military administration of Frank Bainimarama dismissed all city and town councils Chand was appointed the administrator of Labasa and Savusavu towns in Vanua Levu.
 Ralph H. Haben Jr. (born November 25 1941) is an American attorney lobbyist and politician who served as the Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives from 1980 to 1982. Haben graduated from the University of Florida in 1964 and Cumberland School of Law in 1967 and began working as a government prosecutor first for the city of Palmetto Florida and then for the Twelfth Judicial Circuit Court of Florida.
 The Last Trump is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the June 1955 issue of Fantastic Universe and reprinted in the 1957 collection Earth Is Room Enough. Although humorous it deals inter alia with a serious subject; calendar reform.
 The Cartier Affair is a 1984 NBC TV movie that starred Knight Rider's David Hasselhoff and Dynasty's Joan Collins which also featured Kojak's Telly Savalas.
 Piotrkowice [pjɔtrkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Rise to the Occasion is reggae dancehall artist Sizzla's eighteenth studio album. The album was released on September 30 2003. The album is a mix of dancehall and reggae with singles such as Rise to the Occasion and Give Me a Try.
 Ralph Albert Foote (January 22 1923 – July 16 2003) was the 67th Lieutenant Governor of Vermont 1961–1965 and a prominent attorney practicing in Middlebury Vermont. Foote was a graduate of Amherst College (1943) and Albany Law School (1949).He was married for more than 50 years to Nancy Dickey Foote. They had five sons.Foote served in the United States Marine Corps during World War II and saw action at Okinawa.
 Twilight Theater (Also known as Steve Martin's Twilight Theater) was a short lived 1982 American comedy show created by Steve Martin.
 Gordon Garland (May 16 1898 – May 20 1986) was a conservative Democratic California state legislator and the 48th Speaker of the California State Assembly. Garland also served as Director of the Department of Motor Vehicles in the 1940s and was also Commissioner of the California Highway Patrol.
 Looking Back is a Leon Russell solo album. Released in 1973 shortly after the success of his single Tightrope it contains instrumental tracks that were recorded in the mid-1960s featuring Russell on harpsichord. Neither the record nor album sleeve give writing credits for any of the songs. There was briefly a CD reissue in 1991 on the Japanese Jimco label with three bonus tracks.
 David Northrup (born March 6 1961 in Laramie Wyoming) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing District 50 since January 8 2013.
 One Bright Shining Moment: The Forgotten Summer of George McGovern (2005) is a documentary film directed by Stephen Vittoria.
 Friendship (Thai: เฟรนด์ชิพ เธอกับฉัน) (also known as Friendship You and Me) is a 2008 Thai Romantic-Drama Teen Film starring Mario Maurer and Apinya Sakuljaroensuk (Ploy) directed by Chatchai Naksuriya. The film is around 1972 setting and is about Singha and Mituna's endless love for each other. The film starts with the present and goes back to the past of their high school days.
 Marietta Brew Appiah-Oppong is the Attorney General of Ghana and Minister for Justice of Ghana. She was appointed by President Mahama in 2013. She is the second woman to hold this office in the country the first having being Mrs. Betty Mould-IddrisuList of Mahama government ministers↑
 Ala ol Din (Persian: علاالدين‎ also Romanized as ‘Alā’ ol Dīn ‘Alā’ od Dīn ‘Alā od Dīn and Alā’-ed-Dīn; also known as ‘Alāed Dīn) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Katie Kratz Stine (born December 6 1956) is a Republican member of the Kentucky Senate representing Campbell and Pendleton Counties as State Senator from the 24th Senate District since 1999. She serves as the President Pro Tem of the Kentucky State Senate.
 Immortal is a 2008 single/EP released by The Crüxshadows their latest release. It is the debut song for the newest lineup of the group and is currently not included on an album.The EP consists of the title song a radio edit a new mix of the DreamCypher song Ariadne a club mix of the title song and an exclusive B-side track entitled Exile.
 The Timișeni River or Temișani River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Baton Rouge National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in East Baton Rouge Parish in the city of Baton Rouge Louisiana. It encompasses 7.7 acres (3.1 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 5459 interments.
 Lake Tairutu is a lake in the Far North District of Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Jaunciems Lutheran Church (Latvian: Jaunciema Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca) is a Lutheran church in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 6/8 Jaunciema 5. šķērslīnija.
 The Western Zhou Yan State Capital Museum (西周燕都遗址博物馆) is an archaeological museum in southwestern Beijing Municipality at the site of the capital of the ancient State of Yan during the Western Zhou Dynasty. The site is located in Dongjialin Village just north of Liulihe Township in Fangshan District 43 km (27 mi) south of Beijing's city centre.
 Hodslavice (German: Hotzendorf) is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 The Slackers and Friends is an album by the ska/reggae band The Slackers. It saw limited release in November 2002 and was later re-released with two additional tracks on January 27 2004.The album consists of collaborations with various figures from the ska and reggae scenes including Cornell Campbell Glen Adams of The Upsetters Ari Up of the Slits Doreen Schaefer of the Skatalites and acoustic ska artist Chris Murray.
 The Church of Saint Andrew's at the Quirinal (Italian: Sant'Andrea al Quirinale Latin: S. Andreae in Quirinali) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome Italy built for of the Jesuit seminary on the Quirinal Hill.The church of Sant'Andrea an important example of Roman Baroque architecture was designed by Gian Lorenzo Bernini with Giovanni de'Rossi. Bernini received the commission in 1658 and the church was constructed by 1661 although the interior decoration was not finished until 1670.
 Turan (Persian: توران‎ also Romanized as Tūrān) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Niggas' Revenge is a 2001 controversial 113-minute gay pornographic film produced and directed by Dick Wadd starring Bobby Blake and Flex-Deon Blake in their last film together.
 The Johnny Maestro Story is a collection of songs recorded by Johnny Maestro backed by both The Crests and The Brooklyn Bridge.
 Thiel is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located to the south of the larger crater Quetelet and to the north-northwest of Charlier. This is a sharp-edged roughly circular crater with a small impact along the outer rim to the north-northeast. It is otherwise relatively free from impact erosion and the interior is unmarked by significant craters. The inner walls are uneven in places with piles of scree along the base.
 The House at 42 Salem Street in Reading Massachusetts is a transitional Greek Revival-Italianate house. Built sometime before 1854 its gable end faces the street with the door on the left bay of three a typical Greek Revival side hall layout. The doorway is topped by a heavy Italianate hood. The windows have shallow pedimented lintels and the left facade has a projecting square bay.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Thrissur Town Hall is an imposing building situated in Thrissur city of Kerala State of India. It was constructed during the Dewanship of RK Shanmughom Chetti and contains the Archaeological Museum and Picture Gallery where mural paintings from all parts of the Kerala are copied and exhibited.
 Learning to Be Silent is the third album by composer C.W. Vrtacek released in 1986 through Cordelia Records. Despite never being individually issued on CD the album can be found in its entirety on the anthology Silent Heaven.
 Earl Leroy Buddy Carter is a Senate Republican in the 152nd Georgia General Assembly from Pooler Georgia. Carter was first elected Senator in the 2009 general election and serves Georgia's 1st district—a constituency which includes Bryan County and portions of Chatham and Liberty counties.
 Raoni (also known as Raoni: The Fight for the Amazon) is a 1978 French-Belgian documentary film directed by Jean-Pierre Dutilleux and Luiz Carlos Saldanha on the life of Raoni Metuktire. The film portrays issues surrounding the survival of the indigenous Indian tribes of north central Brazil. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 The Annapolis Basin is a sub-basin of the Bay of Fundy located on the southeastern shores of the bay along the northwestern shore of Nova Scotia and at the western end of the Annapolis Valley.The basin takes its name from the Annapolis River which drains into its eastern end at the town of Annapolis Royal.
 The Cutzamala River is a river of Mexico.
 The Pap of Glencoe (Scottish Gaelic: Sgurr na Cìche) is a mountain on the northern side of Glen Coe in the Highlands of Scotland. It lies at the western end of the Aonach Eagach ridge directly above the point where the River Coe enters Loch Leven.The Pap is so named as it has a distinctive conical shape resembling a female breast (see: pap) particularly when viewed from the west.
 Darlene Senger is an American politician. She was a member of the Naperville Illinois City Council where she served from 2002-2008 and is the Republican Representative for Illinois' 96th district since January 2009 succeeding retiring State Representative Joe Dunn.Senger is a legislative member of ALEC the American Legislative Exchange Council.
 Champagne for One is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by the Viking Press in 1958.The back matter of the 1995 Bantam edition of this book includes an exchange of correspondence between Stout and his editor at Viking Press Marshall Best. A letter from Stout to Best dated July 1958 shows that Stout suggested as a title both Champagne for One and also Champagne for Faith Usher. Best's reply states that Viking was quite satisfied with Champagne for One.
 Acta Cardiologica is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on all aspects of cardiovascular disease including observational studies clinical trials experimental investigations with clear clinical relevance and tutorials.
 The Brunegghorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking the Mattertal in the canton of Valais. It is part of the Weisshorn group. On the west side of the mountain flows the Brunegg Glacier.
 Juklevatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Hemsedal (in Buskerud county) and Lærdal (in Sogn og Fjordane county) Norway. It is located 21 kilometres (13 mi) east of Borgund in Lærdal just to the south of the mountain Høgeloft in the Filefjell range. The 3.07-square-kilometre (1.19 sq mi) lake sits at an elevation of 1286 metres (4219 ft) above sea level.
 Datum is an Austrian monthly magazine which is published in German language.
 Alastair William Gillespie PC OC (born May 1 1922) is a former Canadian politician.Born in Victoria British Columbia Gillespie attended Brentwood College School McGill University and then Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar. After receiving a business degree from the University of Toronto he went on to senior role in the educational publisher W.J. Gage and company.Gillespie was elected as a Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for the Toronto riding of Etobicoke in the 1968 election.
 William Miller Jenkins (April 25 1856 - October 19 1941) was an American lawyer and Republican politician who briefly served as the 5th Governor of Oklahoma Territory.
 Dłużyce [dwuˈʐɨt͡sɛ] (German: Großendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ścinawa within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Ścinawa 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Lubin and 51 kilometres (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 110.
 Homegrown is a demo album by XTC released a year after its parent album Wasp Star (Apple Venus Volume 2) on Idea Records and TVT Records. It was reissued in 2005 as part of the Apple Box.
 Edward Byllynge was a British colonial administrator and governor of West New Jersey from 1680 to 1687 until his death in England. Byllynge owned a large section of land in New Jersey with the Quakers.Byllynge was a London brewer. He purchased land in New Jersey in 1674 from Sir John Berkeley in deal also involving John Fenwick.
 Hajime Furuta (古田 肇 Furuta Hajime born September 13 1947) is the governor of Gifu Prefecture in Japan first elected in 2005 and reelected in 2009. A native of Gifu Gifu he was chosen as the final torchbearer for the National Sports Festival when it was held in Gifu while he was a senior at Gifu Prefectural Senior High School. He entered the Faculty of Law at the University of Tokyo and joined the Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) in 1971.
 The Callery River is a river of New Zealand. It lies mostly within Westland Tai Poutini National Park and is a tributary of the Waiho River. The Callery flows west from the Callery Saddle for 12 kilometres before turning north to reach the Waiho close to Franz Josef township.
 Mordella leucosticta is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1848.
 1101 New York Avenue is a high-rise building located in Washington D.C. United States. Its construction was completed in 2007. The structure rises to 50 metres (160 ft) containing 12 floors. The building is tied for the 15th tallest building in Washington D.C.The building houses Google's public policy offices.
 All Things New is the first studio album by the Christian Contemporary-Americana-Folk-Southern pop band All Things New which was released on April 9 2013 by BEC Recordings and the producers on the album were Casey Brown and Jonathan Smith.
 Specimen Days is a 2005 novel by American writer Michael Cunningham. It contains three stories: one that takes place in the past one in the present and one in the future. Each of the three stories depicts three central semi-consistent character-types: a young boy a man and a woman.
 David Barry Cohen (born September 2 1947) is a politician who served as a Massachusetts state Representative and as the mayor of Newton Massachusetts.Cohen was a member of the Newton Board of Aldermen from 1972–1979 and a state representative from 1979–1998. In 1997 Cohen defeated incumbent Mayor Thomas Concannon Jr.
 Micropterix completella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Staudinger in 1871. It is known from Sardinia.
 Plethobasus cyphyus is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels. This species is endemic to the United States.
 The Guggenheim Hermitage Museum was a museum owned and operated by the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation. It was located in The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino on the Las Vegas Strip. It was designed by architect Rem Koolhaas and opened on October 7 2001. It added three more collections and exhibits subsequent to its opening. It was the result of a collaboration agreement between the State Hermitage Museum in St Petersburg Russia and the Solomon R.
 The bearded sakis are five species of New World monkeys classified in the genus Chiropotes. They live in the eastern and central Amazon in South America ranging through southern Venezuela Guyana Suriname French Guiana and northern and central Brazil.
 Colorado Sunset is a 1939 American Western film directed by George Sherman and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and June Storey. Written by Betty Burbridge and Stanley Roberts based on a story by Luci Ward and Jack Natteford the film is about a singing cowboy and his buddies who discover that the ranch they bought is really a dairy farm—and worse it's subject to intimidation from a protection racket that prevents dairy products from safely reaching the market.
 Büro Center Nibelungenplatz also known as BCN and formerly Shell Tower is a 27-storey 110 m (360 ft) skyscraper in the Nordend-West district of Frankfurt Germany. The building was constructed in 1966 as one of the first buildings to reach over 50 m (160 ft) in Frankfurt and it is still the tallest building in the Nordend district. It is located at Nibelungenplatz a busy junction in the Nordend.
 Temple B'Nai Israel is a historic synagogue located at Olean in Cattaraugus County New York. It was built in 1929 and is a three- to four-story tall light brown brick structure with terra cotta decorative details. It measures 85 feet long 42 feet wide and 50 feet tall. The front facade features a massive arched terra cotta portal encircling a large round stained glass window. The congregation was established in the 1880s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 Carol Liu (Chinese: 劉璿卿; pinyin: Liú Xuánqīng; born September 12 1941) is a Democratic politician in the state of California who served in the State Assembly from 2000 until she was termed out in 2006.
 The Great Gay Road is a 1931 British drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Stewart Rome Frank Stanmore and Kate Cutler.It was adapted from the 1910 novel The Great Gay Road by Tom Gallon which had previously been made in a silent film The Great Gay Road in 1920. Location filming was done around Tunbridge Wells.
 The final studio album from UK hard rock band Skin.
 Le Vélo was the leading French sports newspaper from its inception on 1 December 1892 until it ceased publication in 1904. Mixing sports reporting with news and political comment it achieved a circulation of 80000 copies a day.
 Demon in My View is a vampire novel written by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes and published on May 9 2000. Originally entitled Bitter Life it was published when the author was 16. It is the follow-up to In the Forests of the Night which she wrote at the age of 13. The title refers Edgar Allan Poe’s poem Alone which appears in the beginning of the book.The novel was an ALA Quick Pick.
 Fitz and the Dizzyspells is the fifth EP by American singer-songwriter Andrew Bird released on May 11 2009. See the Enemy is a reworked version of the song Anonanimal and Ten-You-Us is an alternate version of Tenuousness both from the album Noble Beast.
 From Lowbrow to Nobrow is a book on literary culture written by Peter Swirski professor of American literature and culture at the University of Missouri St. Louis and Research Director at the Helsinki Collegium for Advanced Studies. Swirski is the author of twelve books of American literature and culture Stanislaw Lem and theory of knowledge.Having gone through several printings the book is by now a staple in American popular culture studies.
 BBC Radio Sessions is a compilation of live performances by British band The Bluetones on BBC Radio 1 between the years of 1994 and 2000.The first thousand editions sold included a lyric sheet signed by Mark Morriss.Morriss also penned the liner notes:
 The Jewish War or Judean War (in full Flavius Josephus's Books of the History of the Jewish War against the Romans Greek: Φλαυίου Ἰωσήπου ἱστορία Ἰουδαϊκοῦ πολέμου πρὸς Ῥωμαίους βιβλία Phlauiou Iōsēpou historia Ioudaikou polemou pros Rōmaious biblia) also referred to in English as The Wars of the Jews is a book written by Josephus a Jewish historian of the 1st century.
 Dark Swan is a novel sequence by Richelle Mead. The novels center on Eugenie Markham a shaman; the shapeshifting Kiyo her boyfriend; and Dorian the king of the fairies. Iron Crowned the third novel in the sequence came out in February 2011.
 Paweł Bartłomiej Piskorski (born on February 25 1968 in Warsaw) is a Polish politician.He was Mayor of Warsaw from 30 March 1999 to 14 January 2002. In 1997 he was elected to the Sejm from the Freedom Union electoral list and in 2001 after participating in a secession from that party he successfully ran under the Civic Platform banner. In 2004 he was the Secretary General of Civic Platform. He has been elected Member of the European Parliament in 2004.
 The Sykes House is a historic Queen Anne style house located at 521 West Main Street in North Adams Massachusetts. It was built in 1890 by the Porter & Hannum company a leading homebuilder in North Adams for Thomas Sykes a supervisor at the North Adams Manufacturing Company. The house is not as elaborate or lavish as many Queen Anne designs and its design may have originated in a mail-order catalog.
 The Alvier River is a mountain stream in Vorarlberg and flows through the Brandnertal where it merges with the Ill. The river passes through the municipality of „Brand in Vorarlberg“.The waters have created numerous flat areas in the riverbed. Brook trout and rainbow trout splash about in water there. The clear but torrential river has drinking water quality.The pride of the village is the 14 hectare large „Alvier-Bath“ which can be used free of charge.
 White Dawns (Macedonian: Бели мугри Beli mugri) is a collection of poems by the famous Macedonian writer Kočo Racin (Кочо Рацин) published in 1939 in Samobor near Zagreb Croatia. This is the third collection of poems published in contemporary Macedonian language after Venko Markovski's Folk Sorrows (Народни бигори) and The Fire (Огинот) published in 1938. White Dawns was printed on 25 November at the printing house of Dragutin Schpuler in 4.000 copies.
 Big Fish is a 2003 American fantasy drama based on the 1998 novel of the same name by Daniel Wallace. The film was directed by Tim Burton and stars Ewan McGregor Albert Finney Billy Crudup Jessica Lange and Marion Cotillard. Other roles are performed by Helena Bonham Carter Matthew McGrory and Danny DeVito among others. Finney plays Edward Bloom a former traveling salesman from the Southern United States with a gift for storytelling now confined to his deathbed.
 Prays caenobitella is a moth in the Yponomeutidae family.
 Niemirówek-Kolonia [ɲɛmiˈruvɛk kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Garra rotundinasus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Fritz Lanham Lyne Jr. (born June 20 1955) is a businessman from Wichita Falls Texas who was from 2011 to 2013 a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 69 in Wichita and Archer counties in North Texas. From 2005 to 2010 he was the mayor of Wichita Falls; all Texas mayors are elected on a nonpartisan ballot.
 Moradabad (Persian: مراداباد‎ also Romanized as Morādābād) is a village in Dinaran Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 6 families.
 Star Pilot (Italian: 2+5: Missione Hydra) is a 1965 Italian science-fiction film directed by Pietro Francisci. It stars Leonora Ruffo as Chaena the commander of a spaceship from the constellation Hydra which has crashed on the island of Sardinia. An Earth scientist and his companions are abducted by the aliens and forced to repair the ship and are then taken to Hydra for the purpose of genetic research.
 Aşağıışıklar is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Radar Poshteh (Persian: رادارپشته‎ also Romanized as Rādār Poshteh; also known as Rādār Poshteh-ye Bālā) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 293 in 67 families.
 The Land is a weekly newspaper published in Mankato Minnesota. It serves farmers ranchers rural residents and agribusiness across the entire state of Minnesota. Its two circulation zones geographically covering approximately the southern one-third and northern two-thirds of the state alternate weeks.
 The Arminius Hotel is a historic hotel in Portland Oregon United States. It was built in 1904 by Otto Kleeman and is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Wąsosz [ˈvɔ̃sɔʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Złotów and 103 km (64 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 130.
 The Kollegal Ground Gecko (Geckoella collegalensis) is a species of gecko found in India and Sri Lanka.
 ¡Decapitacion! is a 7 EP from Cattle Decapitation. All three tracks on the EP are in Spanish and can be originally found on the album Homovore.
 The United States Post Office in Peekskill New York is located on South Street. It is a brick building in the Colonial Revival architectural style serving the 10566 ZIP Code which covers the city of Peekskill and some surrounding areas in the town of Cortlandt.It was built in the early years of the Great Depression as an economic stimulus. The neoclassic arch-headed windows on its front facade are unusual on a post office in New York built prior to the Franklin D. Roosevelt administration.
 Carlos Albán Holguín (died 11 March 1995) was a Colombian lawyer and politician who served as the 19th Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations. He also served as Minister of National Education during the administration of Julio César Turbay Ayala and was appointed Mayor of Bogotá by President Misael Pastrana Borrero.
 Reasonable Doubt is a 1936 British comedy film produced by Gabriel Pascal starring John Stuart and Nancy Burne.The story follows a lawyer (Stuart) whose love for a young girl (Burne) causes him to defend the man he thinks to be her lover. During the trial the lawyer finds out that the man is his own son.
 Mazraeh-ye Hajj Abd ol Karim (Persian: مزرعه حاج عبدالكريم‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩājj ‘Abd ol Karīm) is a village in Jabal Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Voici le temps des assassins (Here is the time of the assassins) is a French film directed by Julien Duvivier released in April 1956. The title is a line of Matinée d'ivresse - part of Illuminations by Arthur Rimbaud.
 Fate for Breakfast is the fourth solo album by Art Garfunkel released in March 1979 on Columbia Records. It was his first album to miss the US Billboard Top 40 and his first album containing no US Top 40 singles. However the European release of the album does include a different version of the song Bright Eyes which was featured in the film version of the novel Watership Down and reached the number-one spot in the UK and became the biggest selling single of 1979 there.
 Valley of Dreams is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum originally published in the November 1934 issue of Wonder Stories. Valley of Dreams was Weinbaum's second published story and is a sequel to his first story A Martian Odyssey.
 Centro Roselands (previously called Roselands Shopping Centre) is a medium-sized shopping centre in Roselands a suburb in south-western Sydney in the state of New South Wales Australia. Opened in 1965 Roselands was the largest shopping centre in the Southern hemisphere for years even though it is quite small by today's standards.Roselands is currently owned by Centro Properties Group. The nearest competing shopping centres are the Centro-owned Centro Bankstown and Westfield Hurstville.
 Road Dogs the 2009 novel by author Elmore Leonard continues the stories of bank robber Jack Foley (Out of Sight) Cundo Rey (LaBrava) and Dawn Navarro (Riding the Rap).
 The Avant House is an historic house and site of the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribal Museum. It is located on Massachusetts Route 130 at Mill Pond in Mashpee Massachusetts.The house was built circa 1793 by the great-grandson of Richard Bourne a missionary who was one of Mashpee's first colonial settlers. For many years the house belonged to Mabel Avant a respected Wampanoag elder and tribal historian.
 A Soap Bubble and Inertia is the debut album by Canadian alternative rock band The Gandharvas. It was released in 1994 on the Thermometer Sound Surface record label. The album's title is taken from a line in the novel Notes from Underground by Fyodor Dostoevsky.The album's single The First Day of Spring was named Song of the Year for 1994 (CASBY Award) by The Edge 102.1 in Toronto Ontario.
 The Formiga River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Athadu (English: He) is a 2005 action thriller Telugu film directed by Trivikram Srinivas. The movie stars Mahesh Babu Trisha Krishnan Sonu Sood Nassar and Prakash Raj. The movie's soundtrack was scored by Mani Sharma. This movie features Mahesh Babu in a negative role that later transforms into a positive one.The film went on to become one of the highest grossing films in Tollywood. The movie was dubbed into Tamil and Malayalam languages as Nandhu and Target respectively.
 Get Into You is the second album by Australian pop singer Dannii Minogue. It was released by MCA Records on 4 October 1993 in the United Kingdom.The track Hold On was supposed to close the album as track 14 but was scrapped at the last minute. In 2009 it saw a release along with two other unreleased tracks on the album's Deluxe Edition.
 Sandy Rummel (born August 10 1942) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 53 which includes portions of Anoka and Ramsey counties in the northeastern Twin Cities metropolitan area. A Democrat she was first elected to the Senate in 2006 but was unseated in the 2010 general election by Republican Roger Chamberlain.
 La soledad (English: Solitary Fragments) is a 2007 Spanish film written and directed by Jaime Rosales. It was Rosales's second film he had previously made The Hours of the Day. Solitary Fragments (La soledad) divided in five chapters follows a dual narrative the characters' lives unfold as a series of everyday concerns over health work shelter relationships and money.
 Lago di Santa Rosalia is an artificial lake in the Province of Ragusa Sicily Italy.
 Miss Julie is a 1999 film directed by Mike Figgis based on the play of the same name by August Strindberg starring Saffron Burrows in the role of Miss Julie and Peter Mullan in the role of Jean.
 Komorowo Żuławskie [kɔmɔˈrɔvɔ ʐuˈwafskʲɛ] (German: Kämmersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Elbląg and 75 km (47 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 170.
 Ten Mile Lake (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Ellijay River is a 15.1-mile-long (24.3 km) river in Georgia. It ends in the town of Ellijay at its confluence with the Cartecay River forming the Coosawattee River.
 Okszów-Kolonia [ˈɔkʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 The Gorce Mountains (Polish: Gorce [ɡɔrˈt͡sɛ]) are part of the Western Beskids mountain range spreading across southernmost Poland. They are situated in Małopolska Province at the western tip of the long Carpathian range extending east beyond the Dunajec River for some 1500 kilometres (930 mi).
 New Men was a comic book series published during the 1990s by Image Comics. It was one of the many titles co-created by Rob Liefeld and released as part of his Extreme Studios imprint. Like many of Liefeld's creations for this and his Maximum Comics line the New Men bore striking similarities to characters from mainstream comic companies; in this case New Men was very similar to Marvel Comics' X-Men franchise.
 Janet Rosenberg Jagan (October 20 1920 – March 28 2009) was an American-born socialist politician who was President of Guyana from December 19 1997 to August 11 1999. She previously served as Prime Minister of Guyana from March 17 1997 to December 19 1997. She was awarded Guyana's highest national award the Order of Excellence (O.E.).
 The Clay County Courthouse in Clay Center Nebraska was built in 1917. It was designed by architect William F. Gernandt in Beaux Arts style. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Tsaraphycis safedella is a species of snout moths in the genus Tsaraphycis. It was described by Amsel in 1970. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Ectasjapyx is a genus of diplurans in the family Parajapygidae.
 Gelonus is a genus of leaf-footed bug (Coreidae) in Tasmania one of the few Coreidae that feeds on eucalypts. It is a member of the Amorbini tribe but has only a single genus Gelonus tasmanicus (Le Guillou 1841).Although this Tasmanian leaf-footed bug was first described in 1841 by Élie Jean François Le Guillou as Syromastes tasmanicus it wasn't until 1873 that Carl Stål placed it in his newly formed genus Gelonus as Gelonus tasmanicus.
 The San Francisco Transit Center District Plan is a massive redevelopment plan for the neighborhood surrounding the Transbay Transit Center site South of Market near the Financial District in San Francisco. The new Transbay Transit Center will replace the since-demolished San Francisco Transbay Terminal and new skyscrapers such as Salesforce Tower will take advantage of the height increases allowed through the Transit Center District Plan.
 What Dreams May Come is a 1978 novel by Richard Matheson. The plot centers on Chris a man who dies then goes to Heaven but descends into Hell to rescue his wife. It was adapted in 1998 into an Academy Award-winning movie of the same title starring Robin Williams Cuba Gooding Jr. and Annabella Sciorra.Matheson stated in an interview I think What Dreams May Come is the most important (read effective) book I've written.
 Muruiyeh (Persian: موروئيه‎ also Romanized as Mūrū’īyeh and Mowrū’īyeh; also known as Mūreh) is a village in Khursand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1520 in 330 families.
 White Comanche or Comanche blanco or Rio Honcho is a 1968 paella western starring William Shatner in two roles.The film is listed in Golden Raspberry Award founder John Wilson's book The Official Razzie Movie Guide as one of the The 100 Most Enjoyably Bad Movies Ever Made.
 The Samuel Osgood House (demolished) also known as the Walter Franklin House was a mansion at the northeast corner of Pearl and Cherry Streets in Manhattan. It served as the first Presidential Mansion housing George Washington his family and household staff from April 23 1789 to February 23 1790 during New York City's two-year term as the national capital. The owner Samuel Osgood was a Massachusetts politician and lawyer who settled in New York City.
 Mulwaree River a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Rivergate Tower also known as the Sykes building and commonly referred to as the Beercan building is a 454 ft (138m) tall skyscraper in Tampa Florida. With 31 floors it is the sixth tallest building in Tampa. Rivergate Tower's principle tenant is Sykes Enterprises a publicly traded company that operates technical help and customer support centers internationally. The building was constructed from 1986 to 1988. Harry Wolf (architect) based its measurements on the Fibonacci series.
 Pizzo Zerna is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Frio River is a river in the U.S. state of Texas. The word frio is Spanish for cold a clear reference to the spring-fed coolness of the river.
 The Alplistock is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located west of Handegg in the Bernese Oberland. It lies east of the Diamantstock on the range between the valley of the Grueben Glacier and the Bächlital.
 That Awkward Moment (marketed as Are We Officially Dating? in Australia and New Zealand) is a 2014 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Tom Gormican in his directorial debut. The film stars Zac Efron Miles Teller Michael B. Jordan Imogen Poots Mackenzie Davis and Jessica Lucas. The film had its Los Angeles premiere on January 27 2014 and it was widely released on January 31 in the United States.
 En gång till is the fourth album by Swedish punk rock group KSMB. Released in 1993 it was KSMB's comeback album. Johan Johansson (drums) does not appear on this album.
 Ostscheider Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Johnnie C. Crutchfield (born 1967) is an American politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma. He served in the Oklahoma Senate from 1998 to 2010 representing District 14 which included Carter Garvin Love and Murray counties.
 Morristown and Erie Railroad Whippany Water Tank is located in Hanover Township Morris County New Jersey United States. The water tank was built in 1904 by the Morristown and Erie Railroad and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 6 2006.
 The Brick House on the Pike is a historic home located at Ellicott City Howard County Maryland United States. It is a large two-story side-passage double-pile plan house constructed in two phases a brick structure built by Caleb Dorsey replacing a wooden structure when he bought the property at the end of the 18th century and the larger more formal section built by his son Charles Worthington Dorsey about 1817.
 Lisie Jamy [ˈlʲiɕe ˈjamɨ] (Ukrainian: Лисі Ями Lysi Yamy) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Lubaczów and 84 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1187.
 Ligota Dolna [liˈɡɔta ˈdɔlna] German Nieder Ellguth is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Strzelce Opolskie and 25 km (16 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mowtowr-e Ashayiri (Persian: موتورعشايري ( حمزه ائ )‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAshāyīrī; also known as Ḩamzehāy (Persian: حمزه ائ)) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 12 families.
 Oladimeji Sabur Bankole (born 14 November 1969) is a Nigerian politician and former Speaker of the House of Representatives. The son of Abeokuta chief Alani Bankole he was a businessman before being elected to the House. Elected at the age of 37 Bankole is the youngest Speaker in the history of the House.A Muslim Egba Bankole was born in Abeokuta in what is now Ogun State on 14 November 1969.
 Rao Narendra Singh is the Minister of Health of the Indian state of Haryana. He lost Bhiwani-mahendragarh Parliamentary Constituency in 2009 elections but won assembly election from Narnaul assembly seat in October 2009 on Haryana Janhit Congress Ticket. Later he joined congress and subsequently the chief minister included him in his cabinet.
 The German Economic Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics published quarterly by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Verein für Socialpolitik of which it is an official journal. It was established in 2000. The current editors-in-chief are Helmuth Cremer Joseph F. Francois Ben J. Heijdra Walter Krämer Wolfgang Leininger and Christoph M. Schmidt.
 Cyclophora poeciloptera is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ivory Coast and Nigeria.
 Modified is the second full-length album by Save Ferris. It was released on October 19 1999.
 The Tuloma River (Russian: Тулома Skolt Sami: Tuållâmjokk Northern Sami: Doallánjohka and Finnish: Tuulomajoki) is a river in Murmansk Oblast in Russia. With a drainage basin of 21500 km² and an average discharge at 255 m³/s the Tuloma is one of the biggest rivers in northern Fennoscandia.The river has its sources in the Saariselkä mountains in the eastern parts of Lapplands län in Finland. The Tuloma River itself is formed by the confluence of the Lutto and Nota rivers at Lake Notozero.
 Hogots monastery was an Armenian monastery in the western Gürpınar district of modern Turkey. It was situated 5 kilometers northwest of Özlüce village in the district.
 Your Past Comes Back to Haunt You is the second EP released by Australian metalcore band I Killed the Prom Queen in 2005. It is also the last album to feature Micheal Crafter on vocals besides the re-issue of Music for the Recently Deceased. The EP features a reworked version of To Be Sleeping While Still Standing which was originally done by an earlier band including Crafter and Weinhofen called The Fall of Troy.
 Hasora khoda commonly known as the Large Banded Awl is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae which is found in India parts of Southeast Asia and Australia.
 Steve Wariner is a self-titled second album by country music artist Steve Wariner. It was released in 1982 by RCA Records. The album produced six singles overall on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart including All Roads Lead to You which stayed at number one for one week and spent a total of twelve weeks on the chart.
 Interlunar is a 1984 poetry collection by Canadian author Margaret Atwood. One of her lesser documented works the collection is divided into two sections. The first Snake Woman explores one of her favorite motifs the snake. The second section Interlunar deals with themes of darkness.It features a poem The Robber Bridegroom that she later used as a title for a novel.
 Thanh Lâm is a commune (xã) and village in Lục Nam District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Dumkata (English: A Tale of a Tail!) is a Hindi comedy film released in 2007 and directed by Amol Palekar. The film stars Om Puri and Sachin Khedekar in lead roles. Shernaz Patel and Aseen Desai have important supporting roles in the film. The film was only released in India and the UK in 2007 but in the rest of the world it was released in 2010 since it had been postponed.
 The Good Old Naughty Days (French title: Polissons et galipettes – Rascals and somersaults) released in 2002 is a compilation from over 300 recently discovered film clips from silent hardcore pornographic films made between 1905 and 1930 re-edited by director Michel Reilhac with a new soundtrack by Eric Le Guen. Most of the films were made in France and were intended to be shown in brothels.
 Stranger on My Land is a 1988 made for television western film premiered on American Broadcasting Company directed by Larry Elikann and is also Joseph Gordon-Levitt's screen debut.[citation needed]
 Misguided is Argyle Park's first and only album under that name. The album was released on March 21 1995 by R.E.X. Records into the Christian rock market and sits alongside other early 90s work by Circle of Dust and Mortal as being instrumental in introducing industrial music to the Christian music scene.
 ...You is the second studio album by German pop singer Sasha released by Warner Music on May 2 2000 (see 2000 in music) in German-speaking Europe chiefly produced by Grant Michael B. and Pomez di Lorenzo.Following the Europe-wide breakthrough success of his debut album Dedicated to... ...You charted noticeably lower on most international territories.
 Mitra nodulosa common name : the nodulose mitre is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Oscar and Lucinda is a novel by Australian author Peter Carey which won the 1988 Booker Prize the 1989 Miles Franklin Award and was shortlisted for The Best of the Booker.
 Chariton's Choir (Greek: Η χορωδία του Χαρίτωνα / I horodia tou haritona) is a 2005 Greek film directed by Grigoris Karantinakis. It was Greece's submission to the 79th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Ego and Its Own (German: Der Einzige und sein Eigenthum; also translated as The Individual and His Property; a literal translation would read The Sole One and His Property) is a philosophical work by German philosopher Max Stirner (1806–1856). This work was first published in 1845 although with a stated publication date of 1844 to confuse the Prussian censors.
 Sphenarches zanclistes is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in Australia.Its larvae have been recorded feeding on Dolichos lablab Vigna unguiculata and Vigna sava.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Drużbice 18 km (11 mi) north of Bełchatów and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 30.
 The Top of His Head is a Canadian comedy-drama film released in 1989. Written and directed by Peter Mettler the film stars Stephen Ouimette as Gus a satellite dish salesman whose life is turned upside down when he meets Lucy (Christie MacFadyen) a politically radical performance artist.The film's soundtrack The Top of His Head was written and composed by Fred Frith.
 Yeniçepni is a village in the District of Bozüyük Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 106 people.
 Lasaung is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 My Beautiful Girl Mari (Hangul: 마리이야기; RR: Mariiyagi; lit. The Story of Mari) is a 2002 South Korean animated film. It follows the story of a young boy during summer vacation and ascends into flights of surrealistic fantasy which may or may not be dream sequences. The English-language dub was directed and produced by Carl Macek and licenced by A.D. Vision.
 The Fortunes of Nigel (1822) is a novel written by Sir Walter Scott. The setting is some time between 1616 and 1625.
 Ghost of Saga Mansion (怪談佐賀屋敷 Kaidan Saga yashiki) is a 1953 Japanese horror film directed by Ryohei Arai.
 James Dornan (born 17 March 1953) is a SNP Member of the Scottish Parliament for Glasgow Cathcart.He was elected in the 2011 Parliamentary elections having previously contested the Ayr Constituency in the 2003 Scottish Parliament elections and the Glasgow South-West Constituency in the 2005 UK general election before his election in 2011.
 The American Progress was an American newspaper founded by Democratic Louisiana Governor Huey Long in March 1930 as the Louisiana Progress to promote his political aims and attack his opponents. He forced state employees to subscribe and distribute copies plus state agencies had to place ads.The paper was renamed in 1935 and went national to promote then Senator Long's Share Our Wealth program and his ambitions for running for the presidency of the United States in the 1936 election.
 J. Scot Chadwick is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.Chadwick graduated from Towanda Area High School in 1971. He later graduated from Bucknell University in 1975 and earned a law degree from Villanova University School of Law in 1978. He was elected to represent the 110th legislative district in 1984 following the retirement of Republican incumbent Roger Madigan who was elected to represent Pennsylvania's 23rd senatorial district.
 The Nova Scotia (grid reference ST571721) is an historic nineteenth century public house situated on Spike Island adjacent to the Cumberland Basin in Bristol Harbour in Bristol England. It was originally built as a terrace of three houses and then converted into a pub. It is a grade II listed building. It was a coaching inn and traces of large lanterns and the entrance to the coach yard survive. The pub serves food and has a range of real ales also traditional cider.
 Mount Giona (Greek: Γκιώνα also transliterated as Gkiona pronounced [ˈɟona]) is a mountain in Phocis Central Greece. It is located between the mountains of Parnassus to the east Vardousia to the west and Oeta to the north. Known in classical antiquity as the Aselinon Oros (Greek: Ασέληνον όρος 'moonless mountain') it is the highest mountain south of Olympus and the fifth overall in Greece. Pyramida is its highest peak at 2510 metres (8235 ft).
 Golemo Selo is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1051 people.
 Publications of the Astronomical Society of Japan is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of astronomy published by the Astronomical Society of Japan on a bimonthly basis. The journal was established in 1949. The current editor-in-chief is T. Shigeyama.
 The Ash-colored Cuckoo (Coccycua cinerea) is an American bird species of the cuckoo family (Cuculidae).It was formerly placed in the genus Coccyzus or Micrococcyx. Following the discovery that it belongs to a distinct lineage around the Little Cuckoo the genus Coccycua has been reinstated for these.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay and has been reported from Colombia and Peru.
 Bob Paulson COM is the Commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. He previously served as the Deputy Commissioner Federal Policing from November 2010 to 2011. He replaced the first civilian Commissioner William J. S. Elliott who is currently working with INTERPOL.Paulson was born in Lachute Quebec and joined the Canadian Forces after high school and later became a jet pilot.
 The Dark is a 2005 horror film based on the novel Sheep by Simon Maginn.
 Bach: The Goldberg Variations is the 1955 debut album of the Canadian classical pianist Glenn Gould. An interpretation of Johann Sebastian Bach's Goldberg Variations (BWV 988) the work launched Gould's career as a renowned international pianist and became one of the most well-known piano recordings. Sales were astonishing for a classical album: it was reported to have sold 40000 copies by 1960 and had sold more than 100000 by the time of Gould's death in 1982.
 Work Song is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley recorded in January 1960 and released on the Riverside label. It features Adderley with Bobby Timmons Wes Montgomery Sam Jones Percy Heath Keter Betts and Louis Hayes in various combinations from a trio to a sextet with the unusual sound of pizzicato cello to the fore on some tracks.The title tune was given lyrics and covered the following year by Oscar Brown Jr.
 Grace Reformed Church is a historic church located at 1405 15th Street in NW Washington DC.Originally organized as a Reformed Church in the United States congregation it is now affiliated with the United Church of Christ (UCC). From the earliest days the Congregation has made the historic creeds an integral part of its traditional worship with Gospel preaching and sacred choral and instrumental music.
 Charles Stebbins Fairchild (April 30 1842 – November 24 1924) was a New York businessman and politician.
 The Grey Tit (Parus afer) is a species of bird in the Paridae family.It is found in Lesotho and South Africa.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation.
 Wasps in the family Pompilidae are commonly called spider wasps or pompilid wasps. The family is cosmopolitan with some 5000 species in six subfamilies.
 Silhouettes is the third album by Dutch metal band Textures. The band released the first song from the album Old Days Born Anew on their MySpace page on March 14 2008 for both streaming and downloading. On April 1 2008 a second song Storm Warning was released for streaming and downloading from the bands MySpace.
 Ormetica iheringi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1921. It is found in Brazil.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church and Churchyard is a historic church at W. Church and Broad Streets in Edenton North Carolina.It was built in 1736 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Andrew Edward Coulson (born 21 January 1968) is an English journalist and political strategist.Coulson was the editor of the News of the World from 2003 until his resignation in 2007 following the conviction of one of the newspaper's reporters in relation to illegal phone-hacking.He subsequently joined David Cameron's personnel as communications director until announcing his departure on 21 January 2011 because of continued media coverage of the phone-hacking affair.He was replaced on 2 February 2011 by former BBC Global News Controller of English Craig Oliver. 
 The Hotel-Dieu de Québec is a teaching hospital located in Quebec City Quebec Canada and affiliated with Université Laval's medical school. It is part of the Centre hospitalier universitaire de Québec (CHUQ) a network of three teaching hospitals and several specialized institutions. Its areas of expertise include cancer treatment kidney disease and cochlear implants.
 Hummelsberg (Schwäbische Alb) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Eastern Alps is the name given to the eastern half of the Alps usually defined as the area east of a line from Lake Constance and the Rhine Valley up to the Splügen Pass at the Alpine divide and down the Liro River to Lake Como in the south. The peaks and mountain passes are lower compared to the Western Alps while the range itself is broader and less arched.
 Château de Bridoire is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Nowe Kolnie [ˈnɔvɛ ˈkɔlɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Lubsza 9 km (6 mi) east of Brzeg and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 150.
 John Gerard Bruton (born 18 May 1947) is an Irish politician who served as Taoiseach of Ireland from 1994 to 1997. A minister under two taoisigh Liam Cosgrave and Garret FitzGerald Bruton held a number of the top posts in Irish government including Minister for Finance (1981–1982 and 1986–1987) and Minister for Industry Trade Commerce and Tourism (1983–1986).
 Seulawah Agam is an extensive forested stratovolcano located at the northwestern tip of Sumatra. Several names have been given to the mountain: Seulawaih Agam Seulawain Agam Solawa Agam Solawaik Agam Selawadjanten and Goldberg.The volcano was constructed during the Pleistocene-Holocene age. The mountain has a large caldera called Lam Teuba. A smaller 8×6 km caldera is within the Lam Teuba caldera.
 Miss April (Danish: Frøken April) is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Finn Henriksen and starring Malene Schwartz.
 Crítica de la Argentina was a daily newspaper from Buenos Aires Argentina.
 The Good Hope (Danish: Det gode håb) is a 1964 novel by the Faroese writer William Heinesen. It received the Nordic Council Literature Prize. Heinesen wrote in Danish language. Later his novels including The Good Hope were translated into Faroese language.
 Sheila Roberge is a Republican member of the New Hampshire Senate representing the 9th District since 1984.
 Onega stepanovi is a fossil organism from Ediacaran deposites of the Arkhangelsk Region Russia. It was described by Mikhail A. Fedonkin in 1976
 Łukawica [wukaˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Baranów 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Puławy and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 The Wadi Qaramogh is a tributary of the Balikh River in Syria. Wadi Qaramogh can transport considerable amounts of water after heavy rainfall and large limestone blocks can be found in its lower course.
 Mr. Sampath – The Printer of Malgudi is a 1949 novel by R. K. Narayan. It was adapted into the films Mr Sampath (Hindi) and Miss Malini (Tamil) in 1947. They were the only collaborative film scripts of his novels that R. K. Narayan involved himself with; they were produced under the famous Gemini Studios banner.
 Free Fall is a studio album by the jazz fusion band Dixie Dregs released in 1977.
 The Manuel Silva Barn near Shoshone Idaho United States was built in 1910 by stonemason Ignacio Berriochoa. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1983.
 The Aspidoceratidae comprise a family of middle and upper Jurassic ammonites that make up part of the superfamily Perisphinctaceae characterized by evolute shells commonly stocky that tend to develop tubercles. The Aspidoceratidae are thought to be derived from the Perisphinctidae and have been subdivided into three subfamilies the Aspidoceratinae Peltoceratinae and Simoceratinae.
 Wallberg (1.722 asl) is a mountain in the Mangfallgebirge part of the Bavarian Alps in the south of Bavaria Germany.
 Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah (أحمد الفهد الأحمد الصباح) (born 12 August 1963) is a Kuwaiti politician and current president of Olympic Council of Asia and also a member of the International Olympic Committee. Al-Sabah was educated at Kuwait University and the Kuwait Military Academy and attained the rank of major in the Kuwaiti Army. He has worked in the fields of oil engineering water and electricity and communication and construction.
 Oak Alley Plantation is a historic plantation located on the Mississippi River in the community of Vacherie Louisiana. It is protected as a National Historic Landmark. It is named after its distinguishing feature an alley or canopied path created by a double row of live oaks about 800 feet (240 meters) long that was planted in the early 18th century long before the present house was built. The alley runs between the house and the Mississippi River.
 The Queen's Gambit is an American novel by Walter Tevis. The bildungsroman coming-of-age novel was originally published in 1983 and covers themes in feminism chess drug addiction and alcoholism.
 Mitromica williamsae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Yen Chiu-lai (Chinese: 張念中; pinyin: Zhāng Niànzhōng) is a politician in the Republic of China. He currently serves as the Deputy Minister of the Directorate-General of Personnel Administration of the Executive Yuan since 16 January 2013.
 Hefei Feicui TV Tower is a tower under construction in Hefei China.
 Bülüçalan is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Watch the Birdie! is a 1964 comedy play by Norman Krasna.
 Parotis suralis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found around the west Pacific rim including Chagos Islands Hong Kong Japan Kiribati Tuvalu and the tropical far north of Queensland.
 Odostomia parodontosis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Delicate Membrane is the debut album of SubArachnoid Space released on September 9 1996 through Charnel Music.
 The Durău River is a tributary of the Schitu River in Romania.
 Digama nepheloptera is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa.
 Eris (Ancient Greek: Ἔρις Strife) is the Greek goddess of chaos strife and discord. Her name is translated into Latin as Discordia which means discord. Eris' Greek opposite is Harmonia whose Latin counterpart is Concordia. Homer equated her with the war-goddess Enyo whose Roman counterpart is Bellona. The dwarf planet Eris is named after the goddess as is the religion Discordianism.
 Semioptila is a genus of moths in the family Himantopteridae.
 The Lafayette Parish Correctional Center (LPCC) is the parish jail for Lafayette Parish located in downtown Lafayette in the US state of Louisiana. It is run by the Lafayette Parish Sheriff's Office led by Sheriff Mike Neustrom. The jail serves the cities of Lafayette Scott Carencro and Broussard the town of Duson and the unincorporated areas of Lafayette Parish.The LPCC is operated under the Corrections Division of the LPSO.
 The Ricardo Brennand Institute (in Portuguese Instituto Ricardo Brennand IRB) is a cultural institution located in the city of Recife Brazil. It is a not-for-profit private organization inaugurated in 2002 by the Brazilian collector and businessman Ricardo Brennand.
 Houtermans is a lunar crater that is located beside the eastern limb of the Moon in the region of the surface where visibility is affected by libration. It lies to the east of the crater Kreiken and south of the crater pairing of Helmert and Kao.This is an elongated formation created by two or more merged crater formations. The crater formation is twice as wide in longitude as it is in latitude with the long axis oriented toward the west-northwest.
 The Harmony River is a river in Algoma District in northeastern Ontario Canada that empties into Harmony Bay part of the larger Batchawana Bay on Lake Superior at the community of Harmony Beach. The river is known for its rainbow smelt run in the spring and white water kayaking in the early spring and late fall.
 Ladies Invited is the fifth album by American rock band The J. Geils Band released in 1973 (see 1973 in music).The model for the cover artwork illustrated by the noted fashion artist Antonio was reportedly the actress Faye Dunaway who married lead singer Peter Wolf the following year.
 Amantis gestri is a species of praying mantis native to the Philippines. It may be the same as A. reticulata.
 Tsu Castle (津城 Tsu-jō) was a Japanese castle located in Tsu Mie Prefecture Japan. During the Edo period Tsu Castle was home to the Sudo clan daimyō of Tsu Domain who dominated the provinces of Ise and Iga. The castle was also known as Anotsu-jō (安濃津城) after the ancient name for Tsu. The castle ruins are a Prefectural Historic Site.
 The Myth of the American Sleepover is a 2010 American coming-of-age film written and directed by David Robert Mitchell and distributed by IFC Films.
 Live In Brooklyn is an extended play by American rapper Jay-Z released on October 11 2012 through record labels Roc Nation and Atlantic Records. The EP was released as digital download and was available to pre-order on October 7 2012 via the iTunes Store.
 Pakbadi is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6419 people living in 1105 individual households. It tastes of venison.
 Oriental Magic by Idries Shah is a study of magical practices in diverse cultures from Europe and Africa through Asia to the Far East. Originally published in 1956 and still in print today it was the first of this author’s 35 books.
 Khurtay (Persian: خورتاي‎ also Romanized as Khūrtāy) is a village in Ahandan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 29 families.
 The Small Jamuna River (Bengali: ছোট যমুনা নদী) is a river in North Bengal Bangladesh. In 2007 it was observed that the river might merge with the Jamuna River. It passes through Joypurhat.
 Lethe is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae. It includes the treebrowns woodbrowns foresters and their relatives. The species in the genus Lethe occur in temperate-tropical southern and eastern Asia up to Indonesia.
 The Sorrows of the Girl Mayyasa or Ahzan al-bint Mayyasa is a Yemeni short story collection by Zayd Mutee' Dammaj. It was first published in 1990.
 Thomas W. Johnson is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives. Johnson began his career in the House in 1977 and served 22 years representing Southeast Ohio. He served as House Finance and Appropriations Chair. In 1999 he resigned to serve as Director of the Office of Budget and Management in the cabinet of Governor Bob Taft. In 2006 he was appointed Executive-in-Residence of the John Glenn School Public Affairs at The Ohio State University.
 Cottage Lawn is a historic home located at Oneida in Madison County New York. It is a Gothic Revival style cottage designed by Alexander Jackson Davis and built in 1849. It is a two story L shaped house with basement and attic. It is constructed of brick and coated in stucco.
 Caribbean Connection is a compilation album released in 2008 featuring a variety of Dancehall and Reggaeton artists.
 The Plain Laughingthrush or Père David's Laughingthrush (Garrulax davidi) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family. It is endemic to China. Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
 Labeo fulakariensis is fish in genus Labeo.
 Spring Awakening (German: Frühlings Erwachen) (also translated as Spring's Awakening) is the German dramatist Frank Wedekind's first major play and a seminal work in the modern history of theatre. It was written sometime between autumn 1890 and spring 1891 but did not receive its first performance until 20 November 1906 when it premiered at the Deutsches Theater in Berlin under the direction of Max Reinhardt. It carries the sub-title A Children's Tragedy.
 J. Keith Arnold (born July 21 1959) is a former member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 73rd district from 1982 to 1998. He was born in Fort Myers Florida. He received his Bachelors degree from the Florida State University in 1981. He lives in Fort Myers Florida with his family.
 Muchintal is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Shamshabad mandal.
 HMP Bristol (previously known as Horfield Prison) is a Category B men's prison located in the Horfield area of Bristol. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Pinkerton is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Weezer released on September 24 1996 on DGC Records. After abandoning plans for a rock opera titled Songs from the Black Hole Weezer recorded Pinkerton between songwriter Rivers Cuomo's terms at Harvard University where he wrote much of the album.To better capture their live sound Weezer produced Pinkerton themselves creating a darker more abrasive album than their 1994 self-titled debut.
 The Hilton Prague is a hotel in Prague in Czech Republic. It is located in city center of Prague near in Vltava River. It was built in 1991 and it has 11 floors.The hotel was awarded Best Hotel in the Czech Republic for 2012 and 2013 at the TTG Travel Awards.[citation needed]
 Conus stearnsii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Noites Cariocas (Noches carioca in Argentina) is a 1936 Brazilian-Argentine comedy film directed and written by Enrique Cadícamo. It is based on a story by F. Gianetti. The film was released in both Portuguese and Spanish.
 The Underneath by Kathi Appelt is the story of an abandoned cat who goes to live with a maltreated hound dog underneath a crooked old house in a bayou on the border between Louisiana and Texas. Published in 2008 The Underneath is a John Newbery Honor book ALA Notable Children's Book and was a National Book Award Finalist.
 General Constantine Chiwenga is Commander of the Zimbabwe Defence Forces.
 The Last Lament is the second album by the progressive metal group Called To Arms released through Tragic Hero Records on November 17 2007. Originally intended to be a full length in 2005 the band went on hiatus and never finished writing the rest of the record. However when the band became active again they decided that since the disc was already nearly 30 minutes in length it had enough substance to justify releasing the material as an EP upon their return.
 Trill Entertainment Presents: Survival of the Fittest is a compilation album by Trill Entertainment featuring rappers Lil' Boosie Foxx and Webbie.
 Rebecca's Daughters is a 1992 British and German comedy film directed by Karl Francis.The film was based on a story by Dylan Thomas. The screenplay was originally written in 1948 by Thomas forty four years elapsed before it was finally made into a film which is the longest period of this kind on record.
 Bishunpur is a village and post in Shahganj Jaunpur district in the state of Uttar Pradesh India. Bishunpur is donated land by Hindu landlord to Nivaji Baba (means who honoured with the name of Baba) who still worshiped by people of village and was inhabited by the Brahmins from Gorakhpur origin(routed from Mount Kailash). This is known as the holy village in respect of perfection in Brahmanism in modern time period too.
 Tammemäe is a village in Saku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Wolf Totem is an upcoming Chinese-language drama film based on the 2004 Chinese semi-autobiographical novel of the same name by Lu Jiamin. The film is directed by French director Jean-Jacques Annaud. According to Annaud the Chinese government sought to produce a film adaptation of the book but did not want to use a Chinese or American director. They had also wanted a film to be released in time for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Annaud began development of the project in 2009.
 Lansing Correctional Facility (LCF) is a state prison operated by the Kansas Department of Corrections. LCF is located in Lansing Kansas in Leavenworth County. LCF along with the Federal Bureau of Prison's United States Penitentiary Leavenworth the United States Army Corrections Command's United States Disciplinary Barracks and Midwest Joint Regional Correctional Facility in Fort Leavenworth are the four major prisons that give the Leavenworth area its reputation as a corrections center.
 Trichaetoides chloroleuca is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1859. It is found on Borneo Sumatra Peninsular Malaysia and in Singapore. It is moslty found in lowland localities.
 The Encyclopedia of Cryptography and Security is a comprehensive work on Cryptography for both information security professionals and experts in the fields of Computer Science Applied Mathematics Engineering Information Theory Data Encryption etc. It consists of 460 articles in alphabetical order and is available electronically and in print.
 The Journal of Optics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of modern and classical optics experimental and theoretical studies applications and instrumentation. It is the official journal of the European Optical Society and is published by IOP Publishing. The editor-in-chief is Nikolay I. Zheludev (University of Southampton). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.990.
 Keys to Ascension 2 is a double album by the British progressive rock group Yes and was released in 1997. It is the band's fifth live album and sixteenth studio album. It is the successor to the critically acclaimed Keys to Ascension 2-CD set from 1996. The album reached No. 62 in the UK. It is the last album with Rick Wakeman until returning and staying with the group from 2002 to 2004 but not involved in any studio recording.
 On the Ride is a DVD containing Aly & AJ's first live concert filmed in Los Angeles in 2005. The DVD was released on April 4 2006 to help promote their debut album Into the Rush.
 The Eye of Evil (original title: L'Œil du malin) is a 1962 drama directed by Claude Chabrol. It is one of Chabrol's first films to include social criticism on bourgeoisie lifestyles that would become one of his trademarks in later films. It tells the story of a journalist in southern Germany who stays with a novelist and his wife and gradually begins to destroy the young couple's lives.
 Moonlight is a play written by Harold Pinter which premiered at the Almeida Theatre in London in September 1993.
 Urszulewka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Skrwa Prawa.
 Meenakshisundaram Kalyanasundaram (b. October 20 1909 - July 27 1988) was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu. He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as a Communist Party of India candidate from Tiruchy North constituency in 1952 election from Tiruchirappalli - II constituency in 1957 and 1962 elections.
 Dale G. Stephens (born November 23 1959 in Huntington West Virginia) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 17 since January 12 2013. Stephens served consecutively from January 2005 until January 2013 and non-consecutively from January 2001 until January 2003 in a District 16 seat.
 Psilogramma lukhtanovi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Thailand.
 The Eugene Apartments is a building complex located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Sébastien Schneeberger (born August 3 1973) is a Canadian politician and was elected the Coalition Avenir Québec member of the National Assembly of Quebec for Drummond–Bois-Francs in the 2012 Quebec election.
 The Sign Language Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering basic and applied research relating to Sign languages used throughout the world. Covers deaf including developmental cultural educational and linguistic topics
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Miyan Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 489 in 130 families.
 Cockpit is a 2012 Swedish film directed by Mårten Klingberg.
 Yathra (Malayalam: യാത്ര meaning The Journey) is a 1985 Malayalam film directed by Balu Mahendra and starring Mammootty and Shobana .It is a remake of the 1982 Telugu film Nireekshana directed by Balu Mahendra himself and starring Bhanu Chander and Archana.The film tells a fictional story but built upon the human rights violations by the Police and the prison authorities in India during the nationwide emergency of 1975-1977 when the fundamental rights of the citizens were suspended.
 One Wrench is Avail's fifth studio album and their first full-length album released on Fat Wreck Chords from 2000.
 Bill Enouy is a Canadian politician currently serving as mayor of Kirkland Lake Ontario.A 1964 graduate of Kirkland Lake Collegiate and Vocational Institute Enouy was first elected mayor in the 2000 municipal election Enouy previously served as a town councillor in Kirkland Lake. He was an outspoken advocate of the failed Adams Mine proposal to repurpose a defunct open pit mine in Kirkland Lake as a landfill.
 Hum Kisise Kum Nahin (Hindi: हम किसीसे कम नहीं English: We Are Not Less Than Anyone) is a 2002 Hindi comedy film directed by David Dhawan and produced by Afzal Khan. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Aishwarya Rai Sanjay Dutt Ajay Devgn Ashish Vidyarthi Satish Kaushik and Paresh Rawal.Despite the star cast the film failed to do well at the box office.
 The Wahrenberger House is located two blocks from the Texas Capitol at 208 W. 14th Street in Austin Travis County in the U.S. state of Texas. The home was built between 1867–68 by Friedrich Huster and sold to Charles Klein after completion. The house is named for Klein's daughter Caroline Wahrenberger who was deeded the house in 1882.
 Marina Yannakoudakis (born 16 April 1956) is a Conservative Party Member of the European Parliament for London first elected at the 2009 European Parliament election.
 Of Rust and Bones is the fourth studio album by the Finnish gothic metal band Poisonblack. It was released on March 22 2010 in Europe by Century Media Records.
 Pungent Effulgent is an album by psychedelic rockers Ozric Tentacles. Released in 1989 to wide acclaim it followed the many cassette-only albums they released in the 1980s.
 Dune: House Corrino is a 2001 science fiction novel by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson set in the fictional Dune universe created by Frank Herbert. It is the third book in the Prelude to Dune prequel trilogy which takes place before the events of Frank Herbert's celebrated 1965 novel Dune. According to the authors the Prelude to Dune novels draw from notes left behind by Frank Herbert after his death.Dune: House Corrino debuted at #8 on The New York Times Best Seller list.
 Barton Creek Square is an enclosed shopping mall located in southwest Austin Texas in the United States near the intersection of Texas State Highway Loop 1 and Texas State Highway Loop 360. Eponymously named after Barton Creek Texas the shopping mall was built in 1980. In November 1981 the mall became the first in Texas to have Braille and bold print signage throughout the center.
 Blindsight is a hard science fiction novel by Peter Watts published by Tor Books in 2006. The following year it was nominated for a Hugo Award as well as a Campbell award and Locus Science Fiction award. Watts has also released the novel online under the by-nc-sa Creative Commons license. The novel's main plotline focuses on a crew of astronauts investigating an extraterrestrial entity dubbed Rorschach and explores the nature of identity and consciousness.
 William Shatner's Gonzo Ballet is a feature-length documentary film about a ballet by Margo Sappington called Common People which was set to the music of William Shatner and Ben Folds from their album Has Been.
 Orange Clouded Yellow Colias stoliczkana is a small butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which is found in India.
 1356 is the fourth novel in The Grail Quest series by Bernard Cornwell. It is set in 1356 nearly a decade after the original trilogy and culminates with the Battle of Poitiers. Intertwined in the plot is the quest to find La Malice a fabled sword of Saint Peter and Christian relic which may turn the tide of the long war for France.It was first published in 2012. It is the fiftieth novel by Bernard Cornwell.
 Coming Out is a 1989 feature film made by the East German film monopoly DEFA. Directed by Heiner Carow and starring Matthias Freihof Dagmar Manzel and Dirk Kummer the film deals with the process of the protagonist's coming out and admitting to himself and others that he is a gay man. The film was shot entirely on location in East Berlin and includes scenes shot with amateurs in some of the city's gay bars and clubs.
 Macrorie is a village in the Rural municipality of Fertile Valley No. 285 Saskatchewan Canada. The population was 78 at the 2006 Census. The town contains a Co-op (Canada). Danielson Provincial Park is 20 km southeast on Highway 44.
 Hasanabad-e Nushabad (Persian: حسن ابادنوش اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Nūshābād; also known as Nūshābād) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1080 in 258 families.
 Hands Up! is a 2003 Chinese historical comedy film directed and written by Feng Xiaoning and produced by Han Sanping. The film stars Pan Changjiang Guo Da and Liu Wei. It based on the Second Sino-Japanese War.
 Marmolada (Ladin: Marmoleda) is a mountain in northeastern Italy (just east of Trento) and the highest mountain of the Dolomites (a section of the Alps).The mountain is located about 100 kilometres north-northwest of Venice from which it can be seen on a clear day. It consists of a ridge running west to east. Towards the south it breaks suddenly into sheer cliffs forming a rock face several kilometres long.
 Iron Monkey (Tie ma liu aka “School of Shaolin (USA)” Bloody Monkey Master) is a martial arts film directed by and starring Chen Kuan Tai as a Shaolin Temple trained Monkey Kung Fu expert fighting against the Qings.
 Ajay Kumar a former Indian Police Service (IPS) officer was elected as the new MP (Member of Parliament) to the 15th Lok Sabha from the Jamshedpur Lok Sabha constituency for Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (Prajatantrik) (JVM) party during the 2011 Jamshedpur by-elections. The by-election was held on 1 July 2011 and the result for the same was announced on 4 July.
 Hotarubi no Mori e (Japanese: 蛍火の杜へ lit. Into the Forest of Fireflies' Light) is a one-shot shōjo manga written by Yuki Midorikawa. It was published in the July 2002 issue of LaLa DX in Japan and in July 2003 it was reprinted in a tankōbon short story collection of the same name which included four romantic one-shot stories written by Midorikawa.
 Robert L. Hedlund (born July 12 1961 in Quincy Massachusetts) is a member of the Massachusetts Senate representing the Plymouth and Norfolk District. He is a member of the United States Republican Party.Sen. Hedlund's district includes Cohasset Duxbury Hingham Hull Marshfield Norwell Scituate and Weymouth. He attended Wentworth Institute Quincy College and University of Massachusetts Boston.
 Exelastis sarcochroa is a moth of the Pterophoridae family.
 Olchowiec [ɔlˈxɔvjɛt͡s] (German: Aalkist) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Drawsko Pomorskie and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Calosoma elegans is a ground beetle species in the genus Calosoma found in Kazakhstan.
 Charles Reed Bishop (1822–1915) was a businessman and philanthropist in Hawaii who married into the Hawaiian royal family. Born in Glens Falls New York he sailed to Hawaii in 1846 at the age of 24 and made his home there. Bishop was one of the first trustees of and a major donor to the Kamehameha Schools in Hawaii. He also founded the Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum and founded Hawaii's first successful bank which is now known as First Hawaiian Bank.
 Life is the soundtrack to the 1999 film Life. It was released on March 16 1999 through Rock Land/Interscope Records and was almost entirely produced by R&B singer R. Kelly with Wyclef Jean and Jerry Duplessis producing four tracks on the album. The soundtrack was a huge success making it to No. 10 on the Billboard 200 and No. 2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. It spawned the hit single Fortunate by Maxwell which peaked at No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Mingli Sar is a mountain located in the Shimshal valley in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. The mountain located in the Karakoram mountain range is 6050 meters high and located at the southernmost part of the Pamir mountain range. It was first climbed in 1988 by the famous Pakistani climber Nazir Sabir. Shimshal lake sits at the base of the mountain. China is located to the north while to the left is the Hindukush mountain range. K2 is located on the south eastern side of the valley.
 The Public Quarry at Government Island in Stafford County Virginia is the principal source of Aquia Creek sandstone a building stone used in many of the early government buildings in Washington D.C. including the U.S. Capitol and the White House.
 The Seven Swans is lost 1917 silent film fantasy starring Marguerite Clark. Famous Players Film Company produced and J. Searle Dawley directed.
 Roohi Zuberi (हिंदी - रूही जुबैरी) or (اردو- روحی زبیری ) is a social worker fighting for women’s rights for more than three decades. Her family has a long political and social lineage. She is also an active politician and works with the Indian National Congress. Zuberi had also served as a Senior Cabinet Member in the Aligarh Muslim University.
 The Red-billed Buffalo Weaver (Bubalornis niger) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Ethiopia Kenya Mozambique Namibia Rwanda Somalia South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitat is the dry savanna.
 The Central House at Mile 128 on the Steese Highway in Central Alaska is a log structure that was built in 1926 by Riley Erickson and John Stade replacing an 1894 log and sod structure that was burned in a 1925 fire. It served as a roadhouse restaurant and hotel and it has also been known as AHRS Site No. CIR-001 and as Erickson & Stade's.
 William Charles Adamson (August 13 1854 – January 3 1929) was a U.S. Representative from Georgia and a Judge for the United States Customs Court.
 The Militärhistorisches Museum der Bundeswehr - Flugplatz Berlin-Gatow (Bundeswehr Museum of Military History - Berlin-Gatow Airfield; formally known as Luftwaffenmuseum der Bundeswehr) is the Berlin branch of the Militärhistorisches Museum der Bundeswehr. The museum acts as an independent military department. Entrance to the museum is free.The museum is in Berlin at a former Luftwaffe and Royal Air Force (RAF) airfield RAF Gatow.
 Datnioides also known as freshwater tripletails or tigerfishes is the only genus in the family Datnioididae. The species of this genus are found in fresh and brackish waters of coastal areas and rivers estuaries in South and Southeast Asia.Tigerfishes are closely related to the family Lobotidae (tripletails).
 Six Million Crucifixions: How Christian Teachings About Jews Paved the Road to the Holocaust (2010) is a history book by author Gabriel Wilensky. The book examines the role Christian teachings about Jews played in enabling the racial eliminationist antisemitism that gave rise to the Holocaust. In Six Million Crucifixions Wilensky argues that from the earliest days of the Christian movement an attitude of contempt toward Jews and Judaism emerged which over time evolved into full-blown hatred.
 The Indian Journal of Medical and Paediatric Oncology is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Medical and Paediatric Oncology. The journal publishes articles on oncology pediatric oncology hemato-oncology and oncopathology.
 Sawlumin inscription (Burmese: စောလူးမင်းကျောက်စာ [sɔ́lúmɪ́ɴ tɕaʊʔ sà]) inscribed in 1052/53 is one of the oldest surviving stone inscriptions of the Burmese. The inscriptions were made in multiple languages including Burmese Pyu Mon Pali and Yun.
 Listen is an album recorded and released by Jordan Rudess in 1993.This is Rudess' second studio album his first being Arrival released in 1988. In 1994 Jordan was named Best New Talent by Keyboard Magazine. The award was given to him based upon his live performances and this album.
 The Valea cu Apă River is a headwater of the Măgura River in Romania.
 Ismael A. Mel Mathay Jr. (26 June 1932 – 25 December 2013) was the Mayor of Quezon City from 1992 to 2001.
 Rêves is a posthumous compilation recorded by French singer Grégory Lemarchal. It was released in November 2009 and contains all his previous singles and some cover versions of various artists including Céline Dion and Daniel Balavoine and two unpublished songs the first two tracks of the album (although Olivier Ottin the former manager of the singer had earlier said in an interview with the Nouvel Observateur that the album would be fully composed of unpublished songs).
 The Roberts House is a historic Tudor Revival style residence and two dependencies in Mobile Alabama United States. Built in the 1920s upper-class suburb of County Club Estates the complex was designed by J. F. Pate. The rambling two-story red brick mansion was completed in 1929. The exterior architecture features steeply pitched gables prominent chimneys casement windows and an elaborate Tudor arch door surround.Purchased by the John A. Roberts Jr.
 Nucula nitidulaformis is a saltwater nut clam a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Nuculidae.
 Forficula tomis is a species of earwigs.
 USA (Unconformable Social Amputees) is the second solo album by rapper Saint Dog released on May 16 2006 by Suburban Noize Records.
 Cheilosia is a genus of hoverfly. Most Cheilosia are black or largely un-coloured lacking the bright colours and patterns of many hoverfly species. It is one of the most species diverse genera of hoverflies. The biology of many species is little understood but where known the larvae of Cheilosia species feed in the stems of plants or in fungi.
 The Spaarne is a river in North Holland Netherlands. This partially canalized river connects the Ringvaart to a side branch of the North Sea Canal. It runs through Haarlem Heemstede and Spaarndam.The historic canals of Haarlem's moats are connected to the Spaarne. A lock at Spaarndam separates it from the North Sea Canal.According to Sterck-Proot a historian the name Spaarne probably comes from Spier which means reed in old Dutch.
 Kalom (Bengali: কলম) is an Indian Bengali language daily newspaper published in Kolkata by the Kalom Welfare Association. At present its editor is Ahmed Hassan Imran who is presently a Rajya Sabha MP from West Bengal with support from Trinamool Congress Congress and Communist Party of India (Marxist).
 I colpevoli (French: Responsabilité limitée also known as The Guilty) is a 1957 Italian-French drama film directed by Turi Vasile. It is based on the comedy play Sulle strade di notte by Renato Lelli.
 Care Bears: Journey to Joke-a-lot is a 2004 children's animated feature film produced by Nelvana Limited and released by Lions Gate Home Entertainment. Directed by Mike Fallows and written by Jeffrey Alan Schecter this was the fourth film to star the Care Bears and their first in over 15 years. This was also the first one in the franchise to be computer-animated.The film centres on Funshine Bear a Care Bear who loves to laugh and tell jokes.
 The Martin River is a stream on the Kenai Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning at Portlock Glacier in the Kenai Mountains it flows north for 7 miles (11 km) into Kachemak Bay. The upper river lies within Kenai National Wildlife Refuge. The river mouth is 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Homer.
 Onwards to the Spectral Defile is the debut album by black metal band Cirith Gorgor. It was released in 1999 by Osmose Productions.
 The Ends of the Earth is a collection of science fiction and horror stories by author Lucius Shepard. It was released in 1991 and was the author's second book published by Arkham House . It was published in an edition of 4655 copies. The stories originally appeared in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and other magazines.
 Pangayarselvi is a village in Tiruchirapalli district Tamil Nadu. It is at a distance of 1.5 km (0.93 mi) from No.1 Tollgate and 6 km (3.7 mi) from the Chathiram bus stand.The story begins with the name itself; Pangayarselvi is the name of goddess and also the wife of Lord Vishnu (Pundarikaksha Perumal). Goddess Pangayarselvi was born in the tiny village. Because of her birth the village got its name as Pangayarselvi. It is come under Musiri constituency.
 Sapporia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Eulepidotis merricki is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Jamaica Cuba and Puerto Rico. The species was originally described from Pennsylvania but the specimen was probably imported with tropical fruit. The species is not present in the Nearctic.The larvae feed on Melicoccus bijugatus
 Tetragonoderus laevigatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1876.
 Maurice Richard is a French language Canadian biopic about the ice hockey player Maurice The Rocket Richard. It was released in English Canada as The Rocket: The Maurice Richard Story. It was released in the United States as The Rocket: The Legend of Rocket Richard and was distributed by Universal Studios. It stars Roy Dupuis in the title role and was directed by Charles Binamé.
 Sajólád is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Eeshwar is an Indian film directed by K. Vishwanath and Rajesh Malik and released in 1989. The movie stars Anil Kapoor Vijayshanti Saeed Jaffrey and Sadashiv Amrapurkar. The film is a remake of the Telugu film Swathi Muthyam which starred Kamal Haasan and Raadhika.
 Wandering Stars (Yiddish: Blonzhende Stern or Blundzhende Shtern) is a novel by Sholem Aleichem serialized in Warsaw newspapers from 1909 to 1911. In it Leibel the son of a wealthy shtetl family falls in love with cantor's daughter Reizel and both fall for a traveling Yiddish theatre group.
 Kiss (1963) is an experimental film directed by Andy Warhol which runs 50 minutes and features various couples—man and woman woman and woman man and man—kissing for 3½ minutes each. The film features Naomi Levine Gerard Malanga Rufus Collins Johnny Dodd and Ed Sanders.Kiss was followed by Eat (1963) Sleep (1963) and Blow Job (1964).This was one of the first films Warhol made at The Factory in New York City.
 Moore House is a historic home located at Garrison in Putnam County New York. It was built about 1860 and is a modest two family 1 1⁄2-story frame farm workers residence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Welcome to Durham USA is a documentary about gang violence in Durham North Carolina.The documentary shows how gangs are not only a problem in big cities but also in smaller cities and towns. It shows how the rivalry between the Crips and the Bloods are spreading out far beyond big cities. Welcome to Durham USA won the Best Documentary Award at the New York International Film Festival.
 Asdaghi (Persian: اسداغي‎ also Romanized as Āsdāghī) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 576 in 185 families.
 Everett LaFond (January 4 1901 - March 20 1961) was an American politician. He was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate representing Wisconsin's 1st Senate District. He was a member of the Republican Party of Wisconsin.LaFond was born in Two Rivers Wisconsin where he attended St. Luke's school and the Two Rivers High School. He came from a long line of fishermen being the fourth generation of his family in the fishing industry from Two Rivers.
 The Botoșana River is a tributary of the Soloneţ River in Romania.
 Calyciphora nephelodactyla is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Spain France Switzerland Italy Austria the Czech Republic Slovakia Poland Hungary Serbia and Montenegro Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria the Republic of Macedonia Greece Russia and Anatolia.The larvae feed on Cirsium eriophorum.
 Every Bastard a King (Hebrew: כל ממזר מלך‎ translit. Kol Mamzer Melech) is a 1968 Israeli drama film directed by Uri Zohar. The film was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 41st Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Pinnakkanadu is a small village located about 40KM East of Kottayam on Kanjirappally-Erattupetta Road in Kottayam district of Kerala India. It is 8KM North of Kanjirappally towards Erattupetta 7KM East of Paika and 15KM West of Mundakkayam.The taluk (local government) headquarters is located at Meenachil village headquarters at Kondoor and the District headquarters at Kottayam.
 Souleymane Ndéné Ndiaye (born 6 August 1958) is a Senegalese politician who was Prime Minister of Senegal from 2009 to 2012. He was Minister of the Civil Service and Labour in 2005 Director of the Cabinet of the President of the Republic from 2005 to 2007 and Minister of State for the Maritime Economy from 2007 to 2009. A lawyer by profession Ndiaye is a long-time member of the Senegalese Democratic Party (PDS). He is also Mayor of Guinguinéo.
 Yponomeuta myriosema is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Neck is a mountain in northwestern British Columbia Canada located in Mount Edziza Provincial Park. It is a volcanic feature of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province that formed in the past 1.6 million years of the Pleistocene epoch.The Neck gets its name for the type of volcanic feature it is called a volcanic plug or a volcanic neck. These volcanic landforms are created when magma hardens within a vent on an active volcano.
 Keith Reinhardt Hymmen (June 13 1913 – January 16 1978) was a Canadian politician. A member of the Liberal Party he represented the electoral districts of Waterloo North from 1965 to 1968 and Kitchener from 1968 to 1974 in the House of Commons.The son of Horace Hymmen and Clara Dunke he was educated in Kitchener and at the University of Toronto. Hymmen became a chemical engineer in Kitchener. In 1940 he married Ruth Amelia Iredale.
 Chrysallida dantarti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدرآباد‎ also Romanized as Heydarābād) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Fairmont Plaza is a 17-storey 79.55 m (261.0 ft) skyscraper in downtown San Jose California. When completed in 1988 as the Knight-Ridder Building it was the tallest building in the city; it is currently the sixth. San Jose's first skyscraper The 1909 seven-story Garden City Bank & Trust Building and the 1926 seven-story American Trust Building were razed on the site to make way for the project. CBRE Global Investors purchased the building in 2012 about US$90 million.
 The Sooty eel (Bascanichthys bascanium) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by David Starr Jordan in 1884.
 George Walton House also known as Meadow Garden is a house in Augusta Georgia. It was home of George Walton Georgia's youngest signer of the U.S. Declaration of Independence and later a governor of Georgia and a U.S. senator.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1981.
 Telebasis is a genus of damselflies in the family Coenagrionidae. The genus occurs in the Neotropics. Most of the species are red with a few blue species in South America.This genus contains the following species:
 James Jim Boyce Black (born March 25 1935) is a member of the North Carolina Democratic Party and a former Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly who represented the state's 100th House district including constituents in Mecklenburg County.
 The Draft Del Reggaeton is the compilation album of Chencho Records label Plan B and Boy Wonder of Chosen Few albums I II Chosen Few Chosen Few III.The production was to bring together reggaeton singers and producers of some seniority who presented and apadrinarían other singers on this album. In this release have come singers like R.K.M & Ken-Y Jowell & Randy Guelo Star John Eric and others.
 St Peter's Church in St Albans England is a parish church in the Church of England.
 De Krant op Zondag (The Newspaper on Sunday) was a Dutch Sunday newspaper which was launched on 14 October 1990.The editor-in-chief was René de Bok. On 10 May 1992 the final issue appeared. De Krant op Zondag went into administration because of distribution problems and lack of advertisers. De Bok wrote a book about making the paper.
 The Naughtiest Girl in the School is the first novel in the The Naughtiest Girl series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1940.Elizabeth Allen is a spoiled girl who is the only child of her parents. She becomes very upset and outraged when she learns that she is being sent to a boarding school. When Elizabeth joins Whyteleafe School she is determined to misbehave so that she will be expelled and able to go back home as soon as possible.At Whyteleafe Elizabeth discovers a new world.
 Shooting Stars is the debut album by the pop duo Dollar.Released in 1979 the album contained the duo's first three singles; Shooting Star Who Were You With in the Moonlight and Love's Gotta Hold on Me. The album was released on Carrere Records and reached No.36 in the charts. Five of the nine tracks were written by Dollar members David Van Day and Thereza Bazar the album was produced by Christopher Neil.
 Moscow 1812: Napoleon's Fatal March is a non-fiction book analysing the events and circumstances during the French Invasion of Russia and the events during the reign of Napoleon which would ultimately mark the ending of the Napoleonic empire after his troops were defeated after attempting to access Moscow. The book was written by Adam Zamoyski and first published on August 3 2004 by HarperCollins; receiving positive reviews by critics and the media.
 Yanawai River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Sharon Lois & Bram Sampler is a mini-album/compilation by Sharon Lois & Bram originally released in 1995 under the American Drive Entertainment Inc. label. It is available only on cassette and is extremely hard to find. It was released to promote the release of their 1995 one-and-only CD-ROM game CyberBoogie!.
 Jeff Smith (born December 9 1973) is a former Democratic member of the Missouri Senate representing the 4th district from 2007 until 2009. His district covered the western portion of the City of St. Louis. On August 25 2009 he pled guilty to two counts of obstruction of justice and resigned his seat. He admitted his involvement and attempted cover-up in two federal election law violations committed during his 2004 campaign for Congress.
 Mount Furano (富良野岳 Furano-dake) is a mountain located in the Tokachi Volcanic Group Hokkaidō Japan.
 Wörsbach (Emsbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Pony Ride is the fourth and the last studio album by Finnish Britpop band The Crash released on 27 September 2006.
 Christopher Hart is Democratic member of the South Carolina House of Representatives serving since 2007. Hart served in the Army National Guard from 1989 to 1998.
 Bagh-e Nil (Persian: باغ نيل‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Nīl; also known as Baganīl) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 305 in 54 families.
 Wola Zadybska [ˈvɔla zaˈdɨpska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Ryki and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 340.
 Out Like a Light is a live album by jazz musician John Scofield.
 Remove the Earth is the debut full-length album by Christian thrash metal band Advent. It was released February 12 2008 through Solid State Records.
 The Three Christs of Ypsilanti (1964) is a book-length psychiatric case study by Milton Rokeach concerning his experiment on a group of three paranoid schizophrenic patients at Ypsilanti State Hospital in Ypsilanti Michigan. The book details the interactions of the three patients Clyde Benson Joseph Cassel and Leon Gabor who each believed himself to be Jesus Christ.
 George was a glossy monthly magazine centered on the theme of politics-as-lifestyle co-founded by John F. Kennedy Jr. and Michael J. Berman with publisher Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. in New York City in September 1995. Its tagline was Not Just Politics as Usual. It was published from 1995 to 2001.
 Terrence Kennedy Terry Mills (born 22 December 1957) is an Australian politician who was Chief Minister of the Northern Territory from 2012 to 2013. He has been a Country Liberal Party member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly since 1999 representing the electorate of Blain. He also led the Country Liberal Party in opposition from 2003 to 2005 and from 2008 to 2012 prior to his victory in the 2012 election.
 Petaluma Reservoir is a small man-made lake located about 5 miles (8 km) northeast of Petaluma in Sonoma County California United States. Also known as Lawler Reservoir its waters are impounded by Lawler Dam a rock fill dam 40 feet (12 m) high and 1150 feet (350 m) long that was built in 1910. The City of Petaluma owns the reservoir.In 1992 the State of California declared the reservoir unsafe in the event of an earthquake.
 Turboamerica is the fourth album of Italian band Catarrhal Noise.
 Chester B. Chet Wray was a democratic politician who represented Orange County in the California State Assembly from 1976 to 1982.Wray was born May 26 1923 in Searcy Arkansas and before moving his wife Mary & their four children to California in 1954 he took classes at the University of Arkansas and later attended UCLA where Chet studied political science. He and his family later moved to California where he became the President of the United Auto Workers Union Local.
 Henwood Down is one of the highest points in the county of Hampshire England and in the South Downs reaching a height of 201 metres (659 ft) above sea level. Its prominence of 64 metres qualifies it as a Tump.Henwood Down rises about 1 mile west of the village of East Meon in Hampshire and around 2 kilometres northeast of Old Winchester Hill. The northern slopes are covered by mixed forest (Hen Wood) whilst the southern flanks are open.
 Sabrana dela (trans. Collected Works) is a 7 piece box set from the Serbian hard rock band Kerber released in 2009. Sabrana dela features all six Kerber studio albums remastered and the track Sveti Nikola on the seventh disc.
 Trophy Mountain (locally called Trophy Mountains or The Trophies) is a mountain in east-central British Columbia Canada located in the south-east region of Wells Gray Provincial Park. The Clearwater River flows to the west Raft River to the east and Spahats Creek to the south. Trophy Mountain is part of the Shuswap Highland. There are nine summits in the group and the highest is 2577 m (8455 ft).
 Kevin Acklin (born May 22 1976) an American lawyer community activist was the Independent candidate for Mayor the City of Pittsburgh in 2009. He is currently Chief of Staff to Pittsburgh mayor Bill Peduto.
 Figlio mio infinitamente caro (internationally released as My Dearest Son) is a 1985 Italian drama film. It rapresents the last film written and directed by Valentino Orsini. It is also the film debut of Italian actor Sergio Rubini.
 Rod Serling's Triple W: Witches Warlocks and Werewolves is an anthology of fantasy and horror stories edited by Rod Serling and ghost edited by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Bantam Books in 1963. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction Unknown New England Magazine Fantastic The Pioneer and Beyond Fantasy Fiction.
 Giżyn [ˈɡiʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Bojanowo 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Rawicz and 84 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Spilarctia nobilis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Turner in 1940. It is found in Australia. where it has been recorded from Queensland.The colour of the wings ranges from white to pale yellow with black spots. There are also black spots on the thorax and on the red abdomen.
 La scuola (also known as School) is a 1995 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti. It is loosely based on two books by Domenico Starnone Ex Cattedra and Sottobanco.The film was awarded with the David di Donatello for Best Film.
 Lower Kama Reservoir or Nizhnekamsk Reservoir (Russian: Нижнекамское водоранилище Tatar Cyrillic: Түбән Кама сусаклагычы Latin: Tübän Kama susaqlağıçı) is the lowest reservoir from the Kama River hydroelectric cascade. It is situated in Tatarstan Udmurtia Bashkortostan and Perm Krai Russian Federation. The reservoir was filled in 1978-81 up to 62 m above sea level after the construction of dam of the Lower Kama Hydroelectric Station.
 Cladobrostis melitricha is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in India.
 Selimiye Mosque (Selim II Mosque) is an Ottoman mosque in Konya Turkey.
 Yashwant Narayan Sukthankar CIE (1897- ) was an Indian civil servant the second Cabinet Secretary of India and a former Governor of Odisha.Sukthankar was a member of the Indian Civil Service. He was a part of the Finance and Commerce Pool comprising specialist civil servants that was constituted at the level of the Government of India during the Second World War.
 Crowning of Atlantis is the eighth album released by the symphonic metal band Therion. In the beginning it was an EP fleshed out with several covers and live tracks from Vovin Tour '98 that the record label and management insisted be placed on it to make it a full length album.
 The Fantasy Film Worlds of George Pal is a documentary film about Academy Award winning producer/director George Pal. It was written directed and produced by Arnold Leibovit and released in 1985.
 The Hastings High School is an historic public high school in the St. Johns County School District. It is located at 6195 South Main Street in Hastings Florida in southwest St. Johns County Florida.
 Boksum is a small village in Menaldumadeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 400 citizens (2004).It has a bakery a community center and two church buildings. The oldest of the two churches which was built between 1080 and 1120 is still used as a church belonging to the Dutch Reformers. The elementary school in Boksum teaches three language: Nederlands Frisian and English.
 The George H. Miller House is a historic house located at 405 W. Market St. in Bloomington Illinois. Prominent local architect George H. Miller built the house in 1890 for himself and his family. Miller designed many new buildings in downtown Bloomington after a 1900 fire destroyed much of the area; he also served as Superintendent of U.S. Buildings and designed many federal buildings in the Midwest. Miller's house is an eclectic variation on the Queen Anne design.
 Saxonville Historic District is a historic district roughly along Elm Danforth Central Water and Concord Streets in Framingham Massachusetts.
 Water Music is the first novel by T. C. Boyle first published in 1982. It is a semi-fictional historical adventure novel that is set in the late 18th and early 19th century. It follows the parallel adventures and intertwining fates of its protagonists Ned Rise a luckless petty criminal and the famous explorer Mungo Park - the first a purely fictional character the latter based on a historical person. The book takes place in various locales in Scotland England and Western Africa.
 Salih Mahdi Ammash (1925–1979) was an Iraqi Regional Branch politician who sat on the Regional Command from 1963 to 1971.
 Golaganj is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2802 persons living in 434 individual households.
 Apistosia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Mariakani Cottage Hospital is a private Hospital located on Mchumbi Road South B (Mariakani) in Nairobi Kenya.
 Pingasa subpurpurea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo the Philippines and Sulawesi. The habitat consists of dry heath forests and swamp forests as well as cultivated areas.
 Herakles' Children (Ancient Greek: Ἡρακλεῖδαι Hērakleidai; also translated as Children of Herakles and Heracleidae) is an Athenian tragedy by Euripides that was first performed c. 430 BC. It follows the children of Herakles (known as the Heracleidae) as they seek protection from Eurystheus. It is the first of two surviving tragedies by Euripides where the children of Herakles are suppliants (the second being Herakles).
 That Dog (stylized as that dog.) is the self-titled debut from That Dog originally issued as an EP on Magnatone Products in 1993 and released later that year with additional songs as the band's first studio album for 4AD in the UK. The album was released in the US the following year on DGC Records. Old Timer would be the album's only single and featured a music video directed by Spike Jonze.
 Villa Salavina is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 The Onahau River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It has its sources close to the northernmost point of Kahurangi National Park from where it flows northeast to reach Golden Bay to the northwest of takaka. The smaller Little Onahau River follows a roughly parallel course to the southwest of the Onahau River.
 Mokrine is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Los Chicos crecen is a 1976 Argentine film directed by Enrique Carreras.
 Bethesda Regional Health Centre formerly Bethesha Hospital is one of four hospitals operated by South Eastman Health the regional health authority. Bethesda is the biggest of these hospitals in the Eastman region of Manitoba. The hospital is located in Steinbach. The hospital was scheduled to undergo an estimated $22 million upgrade to the ER as of 2011 which proceeded by June 2012. The expansion is underway due to the rapid population growth in the city of Steinbach and area.
 VIA Corporativo is a prominent office skyscraper in the Rio Zone of Tijuana Baja California. The building is among the tallest in the city being the 9th tallest in the city. One of the most modern buildings in Tijuana it was developed by Ramón Guillot Lapiedra / Estudio ARG and cost $12 million to construct.
 Poor Charlie's Almanack is a collection of speeches and talks by Charlie Munger compiled by Peter D. Kaufman. First published in 2005 (ISBN 1-57864-303-1) it was released in an expanded edition (ISBN 1-578-64501-8) three years later.
 The Word is Live is a live box set by progressive rock band Yes and was released in 2005 through Rhino Records.Considered the live companion to 2002's studio In a Word: Yes (1969 - ) box set The Word is Live serves to document the band's live story from early BBC recordings in 1970 with Peter Banks to 1988 shows for Big Generator. All but the first two tracks were previously unreleased.Many of the tracks were originally broadcast on radio shows and have been bootlegged extensively.
 Aastrup is a little village in eastern Falster Denmark located 6 km (3.7 mi) southwest of Stubbekøbing. Aastrup Church built in the Romanesque style has frescos from the 13th and 15th century.The first documented reference to the village dates from 1419 when it was called Østrup.From 1908 to 1965 the Stubbekøbing–Nykøbing railway (Stubbekøbingbanen) went through Aastrup 4.2 km from Stubbekøbing where there was a station with a ticket office and a siding.
 The Sapygidae are a family of solitary aculeate wasps. There does not seem to be a common English name but club-horned wasps (translating the German name Keulhornwespen - in reference to the distinctive thickening of the antennae) seems as good a name as any though various other groups of wasps also have clubbed or thickened antennae.
 Ginger is a children's picture book by Charlotte Voake. In 1997 it won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Gold Award. It is about a pampered house cat who resents the sudden appearance of a kitten in her life. The book is followed by Ginger Finds a Home a prequel and Ginger and the Mystery Visitor in which Ginger and the kitten confront a stranger.
 Chop Shop is a crime novel by the American writer Tim Downs.This thriller features Nick “Bug Man” Polchak a forensic entomologist who deduces clues to murders based on evidence left by insects on the victims. Dr. Riley McKay of the Allegheny County coroner's office is suspicious when analyzing several corpses.
 Oak Hill is a historic former farmhouse in the southern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located along Dun Road in Ross County it is one of the finest examples of sandstone farmhouses in the vicinity of the city of Chillicothe.The house was built by George William Dun a native of Scotland who settled near Chillicothe in 1838. Almost immediately upon taking up residence at the site he began the construction of his house which was completed in 1840.
 Ariophanta interrupta is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ariophantidae.The visible external soft parts of the animal are pinkish grey in color.
 Hen Hop is a 1942 drawn-on-film animation short by Norman McLaren in which a hen gradually breaks apart into an abstract movement of lines as it dances to a barn dance. One of a number of drawn-on-film animated works created by McLaren Hen Hop was animated by inking and scraping film stock with colour added optically afterwards.To make Hen Hop McLaren spent days in a chicken coop to capture what he called the spirit of henliness. The film was produced by the National Film Board of Canada.
 Form and Meaning Reach Ultimate Communion is a 1986 EP by the anonymous Australian band TISM. It was only ever released as a 12 vinyl record and is very hard to find today. The material was rereleased in 1991 on the album Gentlemen Start Your Egos.The first pressings had a blue cover and a poster featuring Jimi Hendrix in a KKK uniform and an excerpt from the then-fictional TISM Guide to Little Aesthetics two more of which were featured on the gatefold.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن آباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād; also known as Golzār (Persian: گلزار) and Golzār-e Kohneh) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District Gonbaki District Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1863 in 433 families.
 Govedovići (Trnovo) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Trichoptilus viduus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from South Africa.
 The Poky Little Puppy is the titular character and a children's book written by Texas author Janette Sebring Lowrey (2 March 1892–17 March 1986) and illustrated by Gustaf Tenggren. It was first published in 1942 as one of the first 12 books in the Simon and Schuster series Little Golden Books.
 Geyuan Temple (simplified Chinese: 阁院寺; traditional Chinese: 閣院寺; pinyin: Gé Yùan Sì; literally Ge Courtyard Temple) is a Buddhist temple located in Laiyuan Hebei Province China. The temple consists of three main buildings and other auxiliary structures. The main hall of the temple the Wenshu Hall dates from 966 CE.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz within Głubczyce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Kietrz 17 km (11 mi) south of Głubczyce and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 The Indian Canyon Ranger Station in the Duchesne Ranger District Ashley National Forest in Duchesne County Utah near Duchesne was built in 1914. It was a work of the U.S. Forest Service and is a wood-framed guard station.
 Hubbard Hall often called The Boat House is the historic home of the United States Naval Academy's rowing teams in Annapolis Maryland. Located on Dorsey Creek off of the Severn River it was completed in 1930 for the 40-man heavyweight rowing team. It supports the men's lightweight and heavyweight teams and the women's team with over 200 members.
 Gabriele Zimmer (called Gabi; born 7 May 1955 in Berlin GDR) is a German socialist politician.She has been a member of the East German communist party the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) and its successors continuously since 1981. The party was renamed SED-PDS in 1989 PDS in 1990 and Die Linkspartei.PDS in 2005. In 2007 it merged with WASG to form Die Linke. She was chairwoman of then-PDS from 2000 to 2003.
 Beside You: 30 Years of Hits is a 2009 greatest hits album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Dave Dobbyn. The album debuted at number 4 on the New Zealand Music Charts.
 Eşmekaya Hopa is a village in the District of Hopa Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 363 people.
 Archon bostanchii is a species of False Apollo butterfly (genus Archon) belonging to the Parnassiinae or Snow Apollo subfamily. This recently described papilionid is endemic to Iran.
 Rosa Zafferani (born August 16 1960) is a San Marinese politician. She was a member of the San Marinese Christian Democratic Party until she left with the rest of the left-wing faction of the party to form the Centre Democrats.
 Motkowice [mɔtkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Imielno 14 km (9 mi) east of Jędrzejów and 33 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Metal Forces is a British publication founded in 1983 which promotes the music genres heavy metal and hard rock. Metal Forces was well known for its coverage of unsigned bands through its Demolition feature and championed the likes of Metallica Slayer Megadeth HellsBelles Overkill Death and Poison long before they had secured record deals. They are credited as contributing in this fashion to the success of the band Anacrusis.
 Fort Kearny was a historic outpost of the United States Army founded in 1848 in the western U.S. during the middle and late 19th century. The outpost was located along the Oregon Trail near present-day Kearney Nebraska which took its name from the fort (with an incorrect spelling which the U. S. Post Office Department refused to correct).
 Transtillaspis zonion is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 Acantopsis octoactinotos or the Long-nosed loach is a freshwater fish from Indonesia commonly found in aquariums.Acantopsis octoactinotos has a long straight snout unlike the similar Horseface loach (Acantopsis choirorhynchus) in which the snout has a down-turned shape. The Long-nosed loach reaches 4.5 inches (110 mm) in length males typically being smaller and slenderer than females.
 U.S. Post Office is a historic post office building located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1928 and 1930 and designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect under Acting Supervising Architect James A. Wetmore. It is a two-story fifteen bay wide building with a high basement and attic and slate covered mansard roof. It is faced in Indiana limestone and features a balsutrade and parapet at the roofline. It has a one-story rear wing.
 Karur (Tamil: கரூர் ) is a village in the Avadaiyarkoilrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Mazraeh (Persian: مزرعه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District Khvoresh Rostam District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 63 families.
 Garage Hymns is the second full-length album by American indie-rock band Empires released in 2012.
 Lago del Barbellino is the largest artificial lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy.Located in Valbondione the reservoir contains 18.5 million cubic metres of water. In 1931 a dam was built to supply hydroelectric power to the Seriana Valley where the textile industry was developing rapidly.
 Phytomedicine is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing in the fields of phytopharmacology phytotherapy and phytotoxicology. The journal was first published in 1994. Its editor-in-chief is Hildebert Wagner.
 Prince Charming is a 2001 made-for-television film. It is a comical fairy tale relating the story of a Prince who is cursed and transported to present-day New York City. The movie stars Martin Short as a wizard squire of modest talents trying to keep his prince (Sean Maguire) from harm with Christina Applegate as a young woman skeptical of the prince's story who nevertheless wins his love and Bernadette Peters as an actress who inadvertently lifts a 500-year curse.
 Not to be confused with the two smaller hills in Hochtaunuskreis district some 300 km to the North Kleiner Feldberg (826 m) and Großer Feldberg (878 m) in the Taunus.Feldberg is the highest mountain in the Black Forest and also of Germany outside the Alps; with an elevation of 1493 metres (4898 ft). The local municipality was named after the mountain. Freiburg im Breisgau is the closest city.
 Petticoat Politics is a 1941 film.
 Lãng Sơn is a commune (xã) and village in Yên Dũng District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Wishes: A Holiday Album is the third Christmas album by saxophonist Kenny G. It was released by Arista Records in 2002 and peaked at number 1 on the Contemporary Jazz chart number 2 on the Contemporary Jazz Albums chart number 29 on the Billboard 200 number 34 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and number 64 on the Internet Albums chart. It was the second best-selling Christmas album in the US for 2002 with sales of 501000 copies for the year.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic church east of the junction of 2nd Street and 5th Avenue in Lockesburg Arkansas.It was built in 1926 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 The Nymphus Hinckley House is a historic house at 38 Bay Street in the Osterville village of Barnstable Massachusetts. The 1-1/2 story Cape cottage was built c. 1780 and is a well-preserved Federal style structure on a property that also has a period barn. Located just outside Osterville village it is five bays wide and has a centered entry with a five-pane transom window. The windows and entry butt directly against the eaves.
 Christmas is the name of the 2001 English-language holiday themed album by contemporary Christian singer Jaci Velasquez. The album was released under Word Entertainment. She toured in November and December 2001 to support the album.
 Pochuck Mountain is a ridge in the New York-New Jersey Highlands region of the Appalachian Mountains. Pochuck Mountain's summit and most of its peaks lie within Vernon Township Sussex County New Jersey although the south-western portion of the ridge lies within Hardyston Township and the north-eastern tip of the ridge extends over the New York state line into Orange County.
 Tatra Estonia is a village in Kambja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Sarcoglanis simplex is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae and the only species of the genus Sarcoglanis. This fish originates from the upper Rio Negro basin of Brazil. Stauroglanis is the sister group to a monophyletic group formed by Malacoglanis and Sarcoglanis.
 Hsinbyushin Ayedawbon (Burmese: ဆင်ဖြူရှင် အရေးတော်ပုံ) is an 18th-century Burmese chronicle of the first four years of King Bodawpaya of Konbaung Dynasty. Despite the name Hsinbyushin it is not the chronicle of Bodawpaya's famous brother King Hsinbyushin.The chronicle covers the early reign up to 1786 and consists of 74 palm leaves with 12 lines to a leaf.
 Trones Church (Norwegian: Trones kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Namsskogan in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Trones. The church is part of the Namsskogan parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church building was constructed in 1832 to seat about 150 people. It serves as the main church for Namsskogan.
 The Roots Come Alive is a live album from the group The Roots. It was recorded in Zurich Switzerland; New York City; and other places and released November 2 1999. An enhanced double-CD edition containing six extra tracks music videos and photos was also released with a limited pressing. The album title is a reference to the popular live album Frampton Comes Alive.
 The Hay River is a large river in northern Alberta and southern Northwest Territories Canada.It originates in the muskeg of north western Alberta flows west to British Columbia then curves northward and returns to Alberta where it follows a north-northeast course towards the Northwest Territories. After passing over two main waterfalls the Alexandra Falls and Louise Falls it flows through the town of Hay River and discharges into the Great Slave Lake.
 Useful Music is a studio album initially released in May 1999 under the SMG Records label by Josh Joplin Band and again in January 2001 through Artemis Records after the band had renamed itself Josh Joplin Group following a change in its line-up.
 Zabawka is a 1933 Polish romantic drama film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 Stranded is a 2013 American science fiction-horror film directed and co-written by Roger Christian starring Christian Slater Brendan Fehr Amy Matysio and Michael Therriault. Astronauts stranded on a lunar mining base attempt to survive an attack by a shapeshifting alien life form. Reviews were generally negative and critics called it derivative and unoriginal.
 William Worth Belknap (September 22 1829 – October 12 1890) was a United States Army Major General government administrator in Iowa and United States Secretary of War. Although Belknap served with distinction in the Civil War his tenure as President Grant's Secretary of War was controversial for having indirectly sold weapons to France and for accepting illicit kickbacks in exchange for making a tradership appointment.
 The Miracle of Camp 60 is a poem by poet Anne Stevenson. It is a description of the Italian Chapel on the Orkney Island of Lamb Holm in 1992 from the perspective of a fictive Italian ex-POW. 'The miracle of Camp 60' is also used to refer directly to the Chapel in some cases.
 The Răchițele River is one of the headwaters forming the Săcuieu River in Romania.
 Symphony Lake is a lake in the Singapore Botanic Gardens Singapore. An artificial lake it features a large stage known as the Shaw Foundation Symphony Stage built on an islet in the middle of the water body. The stage is most known as the venue for the Singapore Symphony Orchestra's monthly SSO in the Park open-concept concerts hence giving the lake its name.
 Neuropsychopharmacology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Nature Publishing Group. It has been the official publication of the American College of Neuropsychopharmacology since 1987. The journal covers topics in neuropsychopharmacology including clinical and basic science research into the brain and behavior the properties of agents acting within the central nervous system and drug targeting and development.
 The Open Couple (Italian title: Coppia aperta quasi spalancata) is a play by Dario Fo. As with some of Fo's other plays it is a romantic play which was written with his wife Franca Rame. It was written in 1983.The Italian censors restricted it to audiences over the age of 18 when Rame included as a prologue her monologue The Rape (inspired by her own rape).
 Pygora brunneitarsis is a species of Scarabaeidae the dung beetle family.
 Chamanthedon ochracea is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 The Champions are a team of superheroes that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics. The team first appears in The Champions #1 (October 1975) and was created by writer Tony Isabella and artist Don Heck.
 The Namekagon River (pronounced NAM-uh-KAH-gun) is a tributary of the St. Croix River. It is 101 miles (163 km) long and is located in northwestern Wisconsin in the United States. Its course is protected as part of the St. Croix National Scenic Riverway.According to the Geographic Names Information System the river's name has also been spelled Namakagon and Namekagan. Its name is derived from the Ojibwe language Namekaagong-ziibi meaning River at the place abundant with Sturgeons.
 Gita Cinta dari SMA (Love Song in High School) is a 1979 Indonesian film directed by Arizal and starring Rano Karno and Yessi Gusman.
 Homemakers was a Canadian magazine that covered women's lifestyles published nine times a year. It offered recipes and articles on food health style home and living. In October 2011 it was announced that the magazine was closing and the holiday 2011 issue was to be the last printed [1].The magazine started in 1966 with the name Homemaker's Digest featuring shopping lists housekeeping tips and cooking suggestions.
 Shadow The Dark Side of Truth is a 2009 Hindi film produced by and starring visually impaired Nasser Khan. The film is directed by Rohit Nayyar.
 St James' Church Birkenhead stands on an island site in Birkenhead Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Birkenhead the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is united with that of St Bede. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Mahogany Mountains are a mountain range located on the Nevada-Utah border located in Lincoln County Nevada and Iron County Utah.The range highpoint is Mahogany Peak (Lincoln County) located center-northwest and about 8665 ft in height. The Needle Mountains (Nevada-Utah) are attached north and both ranges lie attached to the south terminus of the White Rock Mountains of Nevada.
 The Denham-Lacy House (also known as the Virginia C. Turnbull House) is a historic home in Monticello Florida. It is located at 555 West Palmer Mill Road. On May 6 1982 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Restoration completed by 6th owner Patricia Hays Inmon in year 2000. Currently operates as a five room Bed and Breakfast.[citation needed]
 Mr. Untouchable is an English language documentary film for HDNet Films directed by Marc Levin and produced by Mary-Jane Robinson. The film is about the rise and fall of Nicky Barnes a former drug kingpin in New York City. The film includes first-hand testimony from Barnes himself and was produced by New York based Blowback Productions.It opened in limited release on October 26 2007.
 Zaghel (Persian: زاغل‎ also Romanized as Zāghel Zāghal and Z̄āghel) is a village in Kachu Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 9 families.
 Tarsius is a genus of tarsiers small primates native to southeast Asia. Until recently all tarsier species were assigned to this genus but recently two species were split off into two other genera while other species were described. Genus Tarsius Dian's tarsier T. dentatus Lariang tarsier T. lariang Peleng tarsier T. pelengensis Sangihe tarsier T. sangirensis Spectral tarsier T. tarsier Siau Island tarsier T. tumpara Pygmy tarsier T. pumilus Wallace's tarsier T. wallacei T.
 Komodo vs. Cobra also referred to as KVC is a 2005 television film directed by Jim Wynorski. It is Wynorski's sequel to his 2004 film Curse of the Komodo with several similar elements (experimentation gone awry father-daughter team government attempt to bomb things the ending komodo's behaviors etc.).
 Hose House No. 2 is a historic firestation at 30 Rantoul Street in Beverly Massachusetts. It now houses a daycare center.The building was constructed in 1905. It was designed by Kilham & Hopkins in a French Renaissance style. In addition to the traditional brass pole by which firemen reached the ground floor from the upper chambers it also featured an electrical system which automatically turned on the lights when an alarm was sounded.
 Like I Said: Songs 1990–91 is a 1994 album by Ani DiFranco. It reissues songs from her first two albums 1990's eponymous Ani DiFranco and 1991's Not So Soft.
 Floyd T. Cunningham (born September 22 1954) is an American historian and ordained minister who has been a global missionary in the Philippines for the Church of the Nazarene since 1983 who served as the fifth president of Asia-Pacific Nazarene Theological Seminary from July 1 2008 until April 3 2013.
 The Hawkins County Courthouse is the seat of county government for Hawkins County Tennessee located in the city of Rogersville. It was built in 1836 it is one of six antebellum courthouses still in use in Tennessee and it is the 2nd oldest courthouse still in use in the state.
 Pseudocomotis citroleuca is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The Source is a historical novel by James A. Michener first published in 1965. It is a survey of the history of the Jewish people and the land of Israel from pre-monotheistic days to the birth of the modern State of Israel. The Source uses for its central device a fictional tell in northern Israel called Makor (Hebrew: source‎).Unlike most Michener novels this book is not in strict chronological order. A parallel frame story set in modern-day Israel supports the historical timeline.
 W. Scott Stuart House is a historic home located at West Union Doddridge County West Virginia. It was built about 1905 and is a three story frame dwelling with a two story front portico with Ionic order columns wrap-around porch and an opulent interior in a transitional Queen Anne style. It features circular twin towers located on each front corner with tile conical roofs. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Blairich River is a river in the Marlborough district of New Zealand. It is a tributary of the Awatere River
 Mrljane is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D110 highway.Adjacent to Barotul
 The Băzăvan River is a tributary of the Dâlga River in Romania.
 Eftekhar is a daily newspaper published in Iran.
 The Ultimate Guide to Anal Sex for Women is a book written by Tristan Taormino. The first edition of the book was published in 1997 with a second edition in 2006. This book was the winner of a Firecracker Book Award and was also named Amazon.com's #1 Bestseller in Women's Sex Instruction in 1998. In 1999 Taormino co-directed a movie based on the book Tristan Taormino's Ultimate Guide to Anal Sex for Women.
 Dragons of Summer Flame is a New York Times Bestseller fantasy novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman. The events of this novel follow the fictional Chaos War.
 Trinidad de León-Roxas (born Trinidad Roura de León; October 4 1900 – June 20 1995) was the wife of Philippine President Manuel Roxas and the fifth First Lady of the Philippines.
 Dorjjavin Luvsansharav (Mongolian: Доржжавын Лувсаншарав; 1900 – July 30 1941) was Secretary of the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party (MPRP) from 1932 to 1937 and served as Chief Secretary from 1933 to 1934.
 Turritella leucostoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Dennis J. Roch (born November 6 1973 at Fort Dix New Jersey) is an American politician and a Republican member of the New Mexico House of Representatives representing District 67 since January 2009.
 The Natural History Museum of Crete (NHMC) (Greek: Μουσείο Φυσικής Ιστορίας Κρήτης ΜΦΙΚ) in Heraklion Crete is a natural history museum that operates under the auspices of the University of Crete. Its aim is the study protection and promotion of the diverse flora and fauna of the Eastern Mediterranean region. The museum is based in a restored industrial building that used to house an electricity power plant.
 A Girl of London is a 1925 British drama film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Genevieve Townsend Ian Hunter and Nora Swinburne. Its plot concerns the son of a member of parliament who is disowned by his father when he marries a girl who works in a factory. Meanwhile he tries to rescue his new wife from her stepfather who operates a drugs den. It was based on a novel by Douglas Walshe.
 Tir Kan (Persian: تيركان‎ also Romanized as Tīr Kān) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 480 in 119 families.
 Success & Failure is an independent American hip hop album by rapper Chingy it was released on September 7 2010.
 Sword of the Yue Maiden is a wuxia short story by Jin Yong (Louis Cha). It was first serialised in 1970 in Hong Kong in the newspaper Ming Pao Evening Supplement (明報晚報). This short story is the last of Jin Yong's works together with the novel The Deer and the Cauldron. However its historical setting in the Spring and Autumn Period is the earliest amongst all of Jin Yong's works.
 Pedro Iván Banchy Cintrón Rodríguez (born April 28 1978) is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the New Progressive Party (PNP). He was a member of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives from 2005 to 2013 representing District 29.
 Gulf Coast Town Center is an outdoor shopping mall in Fort Myers Florida. Opened in phases between 2005 and 2007 the center features Bass Pro Shops Belk Best Buy Costco Dick's Sporting Goods J. C. Penney LA Fitness Marshalls Regal Entertainment Group Staples and Target Corporation as its anchor stores. It is managed by CBL & Associates Properties
 Noctileptura is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Noctileptura seriata Chemsak & Linsley 1984 Noctileptura squamosa Chemsak & Linsley 1984↑
 Konyin is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Party Line is a 1988 independent slasher film directed by William Webb. The film focuses on a rich female operator of a party line who lures men to her home through her phone sex hotline so her disturbed brother (Leif Garrett) can slit their throats with a straight razor. Richard Hatch is the detective investigating the deaths with Richard Roundtree playing his captain.
 Pustulatirus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Legacy of the Jedi is a book and part of the Star Wars Expanded Universe. It takes place during the Rise of the Empire story era from about fifty years before the events of Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace to the Clone Wars and follows the characters Lorian Nod and Count Dooku.
 Kazemabad-e Panjshanbeh (Persian: كاظم ابادپنجشنبه‎ also Romanized as Kāz̧emābād-e Panjshanbeh and Kāz̧emābād-e Panj Shanbeh; also known as Kāz̧emābād) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1081 in 260 families.
 Jumping mice (subfamily Zapodinae) are a group of mouse-like rodents in North America and China.Although mouse-like in general appearance these rodents are distinguished by their elongated hind limbs and typically by the presence of four pairs of cheek-teeth in each jaw. There are five toes to all the feet but the first in the fore-feet is rudimentary and furnished with a flat nail. The tail makes up for 60% of its body length and is used to gain balance while bounding.
 Temnora nitida is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar.The length of the forewings is about 26 mm. It is similar to Temnora murina but the forewing is more excavated below the apex and above the tornus and the forewing upperside has a broad olive-brown band of equal width running from the middle of the costa to the outer margin its distal edge is highlighted with a pale coloration. The hindwing upperside is orange with a diffuse slightly darker marginal band.
 Redux Riding Hood is a 15-minute animated short film directed by Steve Moore and produced by Disney in 1997 that received an Oscar nomination for Best Animated Short Film.The film was produced with cel animation and 2-D collage elements a look developed by production designer John Kleber.
 Front Line is a 1981 Australian documentary film directed by David Bradbury. It follows the career of Tasmanian-born combat cameraman Neil Davis particularly his time in South Vietnam and Cambodia in the late 1960s and early 1970s. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 The Vršič Pass (pronounced [vəɾˈʃitʃ]; Slovene: Prelaz Vršič Italian: Passo della Moistrocca German: Werschetzpass) (el. 1611 m) is a high mountain pass across the Julian Alps in northwestern Slovenia.The road across the pass was built for military purposes to supply the Isonzo front of World War I. Opened in late 1915 it was originally named after Archduke Eugen of Austria-Hungary.
 Alan D. Bersin (born October 15 1946) served as the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). Commissioner Bersin was placed by President Barack Obama on March 27 2010 as a recess appointment. As Commissioner Mr. Bersin oversaw the operations of CBP’s 57000-employee work force and managed an operating budget of more than $11 billion.
 Awel Mara (First time) is an album by Diana Haddad.
 Chapters is a double album compilation by Swedish progressive rock band Anekdoten released in May 2009. The first disc contains the band's favourite tracks from their 3 latest albums From Within Gravity and A Time of Day. It also features the newly recorded track When I Turn a track originally written for the From Within album.
 Racine College was an Episcopal preparatory school and college in Racine Wisconsin founded in 1852. Most boys enrolled at Racine College were secondary (or grammar) school students preparing for the Bachelor of Arts course. Racine College's most notable warden was the Rev. Dr. James DeKoven. DeKoven was a major exponent of High Church and Anglo-Catholic views in the Episcopal Church. One of the best-known preachers and orators of his day he died in 1879 at age 49.
 Dafydd Elis Elis-Thomas Baron Elis-Thomas PC AM (born 18 October 1946) is a Welsh politician representing the Dwyfor Meirionnydd constituency in the National Assembly for Wales. Born in Carmarthen Wales he was raised in Ceredigion and the Conwy Valley. He represented Merioneth then Meirionnydd Nant Conwy constituencies as Member of Parliament from 1974 to 1992. and was the Presiding Officer of the National Assembly for Wales from its inception in 1999 to 2011.
 Curie Crater is an impact crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars located at 29.1° N and 4.8° W. It is 114.1 km in diameter and was named after Pierre Curie a French physicist-chemist (1859-1906).
 The River Batherm is a river which flows through Somerset and Devon in England. The river rises south of the Clatworthy Reservoir near the village of Sperry Barton. It continues through the villages of Blackwell Batherm Bridge Petton and Shillingford before it joins the River Exe just over a mile downstream from Bampton.
 Kuršas was a proposed skyscraper in Gandrališkės Klaipėda Lithuania. If completed the skyscraper would be the tallest residential building in the Baltic States. Designed by Donatas Rakauskas. The building is named after the Courland in Lithuanian.The building was approved by the city council in May 2009 but due to the global recession the project was put on hold.
 Elasiprora is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Prunum antillanum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Zyzdrojowy Piecek [zɨzdrɔˈjɔvɨ ˈpjɛt͡sɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Piecki 23 km (14 mi) south of Mrągowo and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Enoplosus armatus the old wife (plural: old wives) is a species of perciform fish endemic to the temperate coastal waters of Australia. It is the only modern species in the family Enoplosidae.It has a deep and compressed body and concave forehead. These features are characteristic of typical butterflyfishes. However the old wife is easily distinguished by its silver-and-black vertical zebra-striped coloration and by its two prominent dorsal fins.
 Live! Live! Live! is a live EP by the Detroit Michigan punk rock band The Suicide Machines released in 1998 by Hollywood Records. It was a promotional EP released in preparation for their then-upcoming album Battle Hymns. It contains three songs recorded during performances on December 27 and 28 1997 at St. Andrew's Hall in Detroit. The first two songs are tracks that appear on Battle Hymns while the third Friends has not appeared on any other release.
 The Silas Clapp House is an historic house at East Greenwich Avenue in West Warwick Rhode Island.The house was built in 1804 and added to the National Historic Register in 1973.
 Höçvan  Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Borovac (Serbian: Боровац) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Trachyderes leptomerus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Aurivillius in 1908.
 Henry Elvins Spencer (7 March 1882 – 1 October 1972) was a Canadian politician.Born in England Spencer worked as a printer and publisher in Paris from 1906 to 1907 before emigrating to Canada in 1908. Settling in Alberta he worked as a farmer. From 1917 to 1921 he was the provincial secretary of the United Farmers of Alberta. He was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the riding of Battle River in the 1921 federal election.
 The Republican River is a river in the central Great Plains of North America rising in the High Plains of eastern Colorado and flowing east 453 miles (729 km) through the U.S. states of Nebraska and Kansas.
 Aashirwad is a 1968 Bollywood film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The film stars Ashok Kumar and Sanjeev Kumar.The film is notable for its inclusion of a rap-like song performed by Ashok Kumar Rail Gaadi.
 GeGeGe no Kitarō (ゲゲゲの鬼太郎) is a manga series created in 1960 by manga artist Shigeru Mizuki. It is best known for its popularization of the folklore creatures known as yōkai a class of spirit-monster to which all of the main characters belong. It has been adapted for the screen several times as anime live action and video games.
 Aaj Kie Aurat is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1993 and stars Dimple Kapadia.
 Sekenre: The Book of the Sorcerer is a collection of fantasy short stories written by Darrell Schweitzer featuring his dark fantasy protagonist the child sorcerer Sekenre a sequel to the novel The Mask of the Sorcerer (1995). The book was illustrated by Stephen Fabian. It was first published as a trade paperback by Wildside Press in 2004.The collection consists of twelve stories of Sekenre originally published from 1994-2004 in a number of fantasy fiction magazines.
 Colin James & The Little Big Band 3 is the tenth studio album by Canadian blues/rock musician Colin James and the third Little Big Band album with its swing/jive themes. It was released in 2006 (see 2006 in music).
 Major General William Henry Pferinger Elkins CB CBE DSO (1883–1964) was a Canadian soldier. He was a Commandant of the RMC.
 'Nights Out' is the second album by British electronic act Metronomy released on the 8th of September 2008 through Because Music.The starting point for the album was according to lead singer Joseph Mount a half-arsed concept album about going out and having a crap time.Joseph Mount wrote and recorded most of the album by himself but Gabriel Stebbing and Oscar Cash play bits on a couple of tracks on the album and it’s kind of become….Metronomy used to be a him and now it’s definitely a they - which takes the heat off me a bit as well.The artwork for the album was created by airbrush artist Philip Castle.The commercial pressing of the album has a printing error on the cover; instead of reading Nights Out it just says Nights. 
 A Cool Sound from Hell is a 1959 film directed by Sidney J. Furie.
 Rhinoclavis longicaudatum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Craiglwyn is a top of Creigiau Gleision in Snowdonia Wales near Capel Curig. It lies at the south end of the Creigiau Gleision ridge and offers good views of Carnedd Dafydd Pen yr Helgi Du Pen Llithrig y Wrach Gallt yr Ogof Tryfan and Moel Siabod.
 Central Chidlom is a large department store located in Bangkok Thailand.It is the flagship store of the Central Group and opened it doors in 1973.The store has a total of 8 floors and sells many luxury products.It opens from 10am to 10pm daily and can be easily reached by either BTS Skytrain or several city buses. There also is an adequate car-park which usually has parking space available but due to the heavy traffic in down town Bangkok not many people choose to use it.
 Laneh Shahi (Persian: لانه شاهي‎ also Romanized as Lūneh Shāhī) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Atemelia is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Bacilos is the first studio album recorded by Bacilos released on May 23 2000. The album received a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Album by a Duo or Group with Vocals.
 Hungry Hearts is a collection of short stories by Jewish/American writer Anzia Yezierska first published in 1920. The short stories deal with the European Jewish immigrant experience from the perspective of fictional female Jews each story depicting a different aspect of their trials and tribulations in poverty in New York City at the turn of the 20th century. The stories were adapted into a film of the same name.
 Greg Jolivette is a politician in the U.S. state of Ohio: a previous Butler County Commissioner he has served in the Ohio House of Representatives representing the Hamilton Ohio area.While Jolivette was the mayor of Butler County's largest city during the 1980s the city changed its name from Hamilton to Hamilton!
 Vidovo is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Asylum is a 2003 American short documentary film directed by Sandy McLeod. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Henry Count of Nassau Lord of Overkirk (Dutch: Hendrik van Nassau-Ouwerkerk French: Henry de Nassau d'Auverquerque) (1640–18 October 1708) was a Dutch military general and second cousin of King William III of England and his Master of the Horse.
 The Vatican Historical Museum (Italian: Museo storico vaticano) is one of the sections of the Vatican Museums. It was founded in 1973 at the behest of Pope Paul VI and was initially hosted in environments under the Square Garden.
 The Walkerszeller Bach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 Sheila Fraser (born September 16 1950) served as Auditor General of Canada from 2001 to 2011.
 Don't Raise the Bridge Lower the River is a British-made comedy film produced by Walter Shenson starring Jerry Lewis and was released on 12 July 1968 by Columbia Pictures. It was based on Max Wilk's novel of the same name with the original Connecticut locale moved to Swinging London and Portugal.
 William Dell Lindsley (December 25 1812 - March 11 1890) was a U.S.
 James Ostermann Mason (born June 19 1930) was the United States Assistant Secretary for Health (ASH) from 1989 to 1993 and the Acting Surgeon General of the United States from 1989 to 1990. As the ASH he was also a former four-star admiral in the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps.
 Deogratias Aloyce Ntukamazina is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Ngara constituency since 2010.
 Vitamin Enhanced is a 6-disc box set by English psychedelic rock band Ozric Tentacles. It compiles the band's six first recordings originally released in the 1980s.The first six albums were originally released on cassette handmade by the band and only sold at festivals and concerts. In 1993 the albums were transferred to CD and the compiling box set was first released in November 1994 through the band's independent record label Dovetail Records.
 Plaza Theatre also known as the Capitol Theater or West Virginia State University Capitol Center is a historic theatre building located at Charleston West Virginia. It was constructed about 1912 and is a turn-of-the-century theater/commercial/office building located in a transitional business district of downtown Charleston.
 Urophora cardui or the Canada thistle gall fly is a fruit fly which contrary to its common name is indigenous to Central Europe from the United Kingdom east to near the Crimea and from Sweden south to the Mediterranean.
 Lütte Bermecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Strategic Organization is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Management. The journal's editors are Joel A C Baum (Rotman School of Management) Royston Greenwood (University of Alberta) Professor P Devereaux Jennings (University of Alberta) and Ann Langley (HEC Montreal). It has been in publication since 2003 and is currently published by SAGE Publications
 Physetobasis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Pressure Cookin' is the third album by American singing trio Labelle released in August 1973. This release was their first and only for RCA Records and was critically raved due to the songs that songwriter and member Nona Hendryx composed. The album is also notable for being the first album released following lead singer Patti LaBelle giving birth to her only child son Zuri Edwards (she recorded the album while still pregnant with Zuri).
 The Chalchalero vizcacha rat (Salinoctomys loschalchalerosorum) is a species of caviomorph rodent in the family Octodontidae. It is monotypic within the genus Salinoctomys. The species is endemic to a small area of northwestern Argentina where it lives in shrublands bordering the salt flats of the Salinas Grandes. Its diet consists of halophyte plants.It is a medium-sized rat species. Their fur is dark brown on top and white below. The tail is relatively long and ends in a black tassel.
 Conus dispar is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Entropy Effect is a novel by Vonda N. McIntyre set in the fictional Star Trek Universe. It was originally published in 1981 by Pocket Books and is the second in its long-running series of Star Trek novels (and the first original novel in that series; the first of the series is the novelization of Star Trek: The Motion Picture).
 Sakharam Binder (Sakharam the Binder) is a play by Marathi playwright Vijay Tendulkar and was first performed in 1972. It was banned in India in 1974. It was produced and directed by Kamlakar Sarang.
 Riptide (1934) is a romance film starring Norma Shearer written and directed by Edmund Goulding and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.The film is an example of a Pre-code film and was released a few months before the Production Code was enforced. This film marked the talkie feature debut of Mrs. Patrick Campbell a famous stage actress known for her friendship and correspondence with playwright George Bernard Shaw and her creation of Eliza Doolittle in Shaw's play Pygmalion.
 Cherlanqush (Persian: چر لانقوش‎ also Romanized as Cherlānqūsh; also known as Cherlān Qūch) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 44 families.
 Toucans are members of the family Ramphastidae of near passerine birds from the Neotropics. The Ramphastidae family is most closely related to the American barbets. They are brightly marked and have large often colorful bills. The family includes five genera and about forty different species. The name of this bird group is derived from the Tupi word tukana via Portuguese.
 Contemporary Accounting Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on all aspects of accounting's role within organizations markets or society.
 Brendan Patrick O'Connor (born 2 March 1962 in London England) an Australian politician is a member of the Australian House of Representatives representing Burke between 2001 and 2004 and Gorton (both in Victoria) since October 2004.
 Shovel is the second album of noise rock band feedtime released in 1986 through Aberrant Records.
 MacKinnon's Swallowtail Papilio mackinnoni is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Kenya Tanzania Malawi Zambia Angola Uganda Zaire South Sudan Congo Republic Rwanda and Burundi.The larvae feed on Rutaceae Clausema Toddalia Citrus Teclea simplicifolia T. nobilis and T. tricocarpa.
 Thomas Muentzer is a 1956 East German film about the life of the 16th century Protestant theologian and peasant leader Thomas Muentzer directed by Martin Hellberg.
 Sparrow (Italian: Storia di una capinera) is a 1993 Italian drama film directed by Franco Zeffirelli. It is an adaptation of Giovanni Verga's novel Storia di una capinera and was filmed in Sicily in 1993. It stars Angela Bettis and premiered at the Tokyo International Film Festival in October 1993.
 The Geisshorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Aletsch Glacier in the canton of Valais.
 Var-e Zard (Persian: ورزرد‎) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Miankuh District Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 445 in 94 families.
 Theoretical and Mathematical Physics (Russian: Теоретическая и Математическая Физика) is a Russian scientific journal. It was founded in 1969 by Nikolai Bogolubov. Currently handled by the Russian Academy of Sciences it appears in 12 issues per year. The journal publishes papers onmathematical aspects of quantum mechanics quantum field theory statistical physics supersymmetry and integrable models (in any areas of physics).
 Catalectis is a small genus of the fungus moth family Tineidae. It is a small and little-studied group whose precise relationships remain to be discovered. C. pharetropa was once mistaken for a species of Clepticodes and Oenoe drosoptila of the Meessiinae was also proposed as a species of Catalectis; ít may be that these are all in fact closely related.Only three species are presently contained in this genus: Catalectis flexa Bradley 1957 Catalectis pharetropa Meyrick 1920 (= C.
 Strophurus is a genus of the Gekkonidae family found in Australia sometimes given the common name of tail-squirters and spiny-tailed geckos.
 TN-07 AL 4777 is a 2009 Tamil drama thriller film directed by A. Lakshmikanthan. The film stars Pasupathy Ajmal Ameer Simran Bagga and Meenakshi in the lead roles. The film's soundtrack composed by Vijay Antony was released on 12 December 2008. It is a remake of the 2006 Hindi Language film Taxi Number 9211 which in itself is a remake of the American film Changing Lanes (2002).
 Mt. Gilead Baptist Church (Mt. Gilead Christian Church) is a historic church in Haskingsville Kentucky.It was built in 1864 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Firefox is a thriller novel written by Craig Thomas and published in 1977. The Cold War plot involves an attempt by the CIA and MI6 to steal a highly advanced experimental Soviet fighter aircraft. The chief protagonist is fighter pilot turned spy Mitchell Gant. The book was subject to a 1982 film adaptation produced and directed by Clint Eastwood who also played the role of Gant in the film.
 Past Present and Future is Al Stewart's fifth studio album released in October 1973 in the UK and in May 1974 in the US. This album is considered Stewart's first major album and it reached #133 on the Billboard Rock Album chart in 1974. He had taken on a different approach from his previous folkier work an approach that would stay with him for most of his career. All songs on this record have historical themes each song representing a decade of the 20th century.
 The Herald Democrat is a daily newspaper located in the twin cities of Sherman and Denison Texas United States about 60 miles (100 km) north of Dallas and 10 miles (16 km) south of the Red River and Lake Texoma. It is owned and published by Stephens Media LLC.
 Sons of Bitches (Russian: Сукины дети translit. Sukiny deti) is a 1990 Soviet drama film directed by Leonid Filatov. It was entered into the 17th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Rudze [ˈrud͡zɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zator within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Zator 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Oświęcim and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.
 El Concierto is the first live album recorded by the Mexican singer Luis Miguel. The album was recorded in August 1994 during the promotional tour of the album Segundo Romance and included three Mexican standards composed by José Alfredo Jiménez and recorded for the first time by the artist with mariachi: Si Nos Dejan Amanecí En Tus Brazos and El Rey.
 White House is a historic hotel in Herm.
 Zaolzie [zaˈɔlʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Ivan the Terrible (Russian: Иван Грозный Ivan Grozniy) is a two-part historical epic film about Ivan IV of Russia made by Russian director Sergei Eisenstein. Part 1 was released in 1944 but Part 2 was not released until 1958 due to political censorship. The films were originally planned as part of a trilogy but Eisenstein died before filming of the third part could be finished.
 Acid Memories was a cassette created by Boards of Canada released in 1989 under their own label Music70. It was released in highly limited quantities to friends and family of the band. Except for a 26 second excerpt of Duffy formerly available on the EHX website (Electronic Audio Artform in The Capital) in the late 1990s it is not available to the public. This sample can be found on YouTube.
 David Samson (born August 14 1939) is an American lawyer who served as New Jersey Attorney General from 2002 to 2003. He served as the Chairman of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey from 2011 until his resignation on March 28 2014 in the aftermath of the Fort Lee lane closure scandal. Samson is a partner and founding member of the law firm Wolff & Samson.
 Sabancı Center is a complex of skyscrapers which consists of two skyscrapers in Istanbul Turkey. The third one is approved. Current tallest skyscraper of that complex is Akbank Tower.
 Gymnoscelis barbuti is a moth in the Geometridae family which is endemic to Tahiti.
 The Corhana River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River. It starts in Romania in the proximity of Cefa west of the Criş Collector Canal. After crossing the border into Hungary the river is diverted into the canals of the drainage system of the area and finally its discharge is diverted into the Crişul Negru River through the Culișer Canal.
 Trick Pony is the eponymous debut from the American country music group Trick Pony released in 2001 on Warner Bros. Records Nashville. The album produced three singles in Pour Me On a Night Like This and Just What I Do which respectively reached #12 #4 and #13 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. Just What I Do was nominated for the 2003 Grammy Awards for Best Country Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocals.
 Iolaus bakeri Baker’s Sapphire  is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Zimbabwe Mozambique Malawi Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Shaba and Kivu).Adults are on wing year round.The larvae feed on Tapinanthus oleifolius.
 Sleepwell Deconstructor is the first album by Trap Them released on April 3 2007 on Trash Art!. Like the last recorded output from core members Ryan McKenney and Brian Izzi Backstabbers Inc's Kamikaze Missions (2003) Sleepwell Deconstructor is produced by Kurt Ballou. Illustration and design by Justin Bartlett: http://www.vberkvlt.com
 Zapust [ˈzapust] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Anywhere U.S.A. is a 2008 feature film directed by Chusy Haney-Jardine starring mostly non-professional actors. The film is told in three parts: Penance Loss and Ignorance with each story obliquely related to the next. Anywhere U.S.A premiered in dramatic competition at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival where it won the Special Jury Prize for Spirit of Independence.
 Bolek i Lolek is a 1936 Polish comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 Naum Semyonovich Shusterman was a Lieutenant Colonel of the Soviet Union who served as the Chief Engineer of the 43rd Soviet Fighter Aviation Regiment during the Great Patriotic War.
 Arsen Bauk (born 7 February 1973) is a Croatian politician and member of the governing Social Democratic Party. Since December 23 2011 he has been the Minister of Public Administration in the centre left Government of Zoran Milanović.
 Mikhail Pavlovich Tomsky (Russian: Михаи́л Па́влович То́мский born Mikhail Pavlovich Yefremov – sometimes transliterated as Efremov; Михаи́л Па́влович Ефре́мов; October 31 1880 – August 22 1936) was a factory worker trade unionist and Bolshevik leader. He was the Soviet leader of the All-Russian Central Council of Trade Unions.Tomsky attempted to form a trade union at his factory in St.
 Spindrift is a 2007 science fiction novel by author Allen Steele. Spindrift is set within the same universe as the Coyote trilogy but was written as a stand-alone novel. Steele has stated that he wrote Spindrift because he was tired of the militaristic sort of space opera that says that any contact between humans and aliens will necessarily be hostile.
 John Glasier (September 3 1809 – July 7 1894) was a Canadian lumberman and politician. His surname also appears as Glazier.Born in Lincoln New Brunswick the son of Benjamin Glasier he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick for Sunbury in the 1861 election. In 1842 he married Emmaline Garraty. A Liberal he was re-elected in 1865. A supporter of Confederation he was summoned to the Canadian Senate in 1868 representing the senatorial division of Sunbury New Brunswick.
 Eupithecia correana is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the regions of O'Higgins (Colchagua Province) Maule (Curico Province) and Araucania (Malleco Province) in Chile. The habitat consists of the Northern Valdivian Forest Biotic Province.The length of the forewings is about 7.5 mm for males and 7-7.5 mm for females. The median area of the forewings is white or pale greyish white contrasting with the dark brown basal area and faintly reddish brown distal area.
 Rokitnica [rɔkitˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Łask and 29 km (18 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 En Rathathin Rathame English Translation: My Blood's blood is a Tamil science fiction action film. The film is the Tamil debut for actress Meenakshi Seshadri. The film is a remake of Hindi film Mr. India.
 He's in Again is a 1918 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Nightingale Island Finch (Nesospiza questi) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family (formerly in Emberizidae). It is endemic to Nightingale Island of the Tristan da Cunha archipelago.Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland and subantarctic grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Segamat River is a river which flows within the District of Segamat Johor Malaysia which also flows through Segamat town center. The source of the river is at Gunung Besar which is located within Endau Rompin National Park and its confluence is at the Muar River.
 Abdukareem Adebisi Bamidele Akande (Bisi Akande) was a governor of Osun State Nigeria from 1999-2003 as a member of the Alliance for Democracy (AD) party and is Chairman of the All Progressives Congress.
 Alcides porosus is a species of beetle belonging to the true weevil family. It is found in Indonesia.
 Sheykh Hasan (Persian: شيخ حسن‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Ḩasan; also known as Bīvehnīj and Shaikhan) is a village in Bivanij Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 18 families.
 The Writer's Journey: Mythic Structure For Writers is a popular screenwriting textbook by writer Christopher Vogler focusing on the theory that most stories can be boiled down to a series of narrative structures and character archetypes described through mythological allegory.Vogler based this work upon the writings of mythologist Joseph Campbell particularly The Hero with a Thousand Faces and holds that all successful films innately adhere to its principles.The book was very well received upon its release and is often featured in recommended reading lists for student screenwriters.
 Cane Ridge Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Antioch Tennessee.It was built in 1859 and added to the National Register in 1976.
 Valley View Center is a super-regional shopping mall located at Interstate 635 and Montfort Road in north Dallas Texas USA. The mall is owned and managed by Dallas-based Beck Ventures. The mall's current anchors are Sears and AMC Theatres.Originally developed in 1973 the mall flourished and expanded in the 1980s but began to encounter financial difficulties in the 1990s.
 Lophocampa mixta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Neumoegen in 1882. It is found in Arizona Texas and probably also New Mexico.The wingspan is about 37 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus emoryi.
 The Chiciura River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
 Herman Badillo (born August 21 1929) is a Riverdale Bronx New York politician who has been a borough president United States Representative and candidate for Mayor of New York City. He is the first Puerto Rican to have been elected to these posts and been a mayoral candidate in the continental United States.
 Jean-Jacques De Gucht (9 December 1983) is a Flemish politician and member of Open Flemish Liberals and Democrats. He was elected to the Belgian Senate by the Dutch electoral college in the 2007 Belgian federal election which took place on 10 June 2007.Jean-Jacques De Gucht is the son of Karel De Gucht the current European Commissioner for Trade Policy and former Belgian Minister of Foreign Affairs and chairman of the Flemish Liberals and Democrats.
 Prayers to Broken Stones is a short story anthology by the American author Dan Simmons. It includes 13 of his earlier works along with an introduction by Harlan Ellison in which the latter relates how he discovered Dan Simmons at the Colorado Mountain College's Writers' Conference in the Rockies in 1981. The title is a borrowed line from T. S. Eliot's The Hollow Men.
 Hamid Baqai (Persian: حميد بقایی‎; born 6 April 1969) is an Iranian politician who was the head of presidential center from 9 April 2011 until 3 August 2013. He has been described as a pragmatic moderate conservative with liberal views on cultural and social issues. He was also a senior adviser to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
 Stone Free is a posthumous compilation album by Jimi Hendrix released in 1981 by Polydor Records. The album contains songs from Are You Experienced Axis: Bold as Love Electric Ladyland and The Cry of Love as well as one song from Loose Ends.
 The Cleveland Mine Engine House Number 3 also known as the Brownstone Engine House is a building located at 601 Division Street in Ishpeming Michigan. It was built to house engines hoisting ore from various Cleveland Mine locales and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Harhiraa (Mongolian: Хархираа lit. common crane) is a mountain of the Altai Mountains and is located in the Uvs Province in Mongolia. It has an elevation of 4040 metres (13255 ft).
 The Buquira River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Carposina mauii is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to Maui.
 The Wool Moth (Monopis icterogastra) is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in most of Australia.It is thought that the moths of this species lay live young caterpillars rather than eggs.
 St. Jude Children's Research Hospital founded in 1962 is a pediatric treatment and research facility focused on children's catastrophic diseases. It is located in Memphis Tennessee and is a nonprofit medical corporation chartered as a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization under IRS regulations.
 Asrabad (Persian: عصراباد‎ also Romanized as ʿAṣrābād) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 570 in 121 families.
 Maksameri is a lake of Estonia.
 I Still Believe in You is the sixth studio album from American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 1992 on MCA Nashville. It features the singles I Still Believe in You (Gill's first Number One country hit) Don't Let Our Love Start Slippin' Away No Future in the Past One More Last Chance and Tryin' to Get Over You.
 Citizens: A Chronicle of the French Revolution is a book by the historian Simon Schama. It was published in 1989 the bicentenary of the French Revolution and like many other works in that year was highly critical of its legacy. The terror declared Schama in the book was merely 1789 with a higher body count; violence ... was not just an unfortunate side effect ... it was the Revolution's source of collective energy.
 Dark Skies is a 2013 American science fiction horror film written and directed by Scott Stewart and produced by Jason Blum starring Keri Russell Josh Hamilton and Dakota Goyo. The film was released on February 22 2013.
 Choreutis montana is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from China (Qinghai) Kirghizia Tadzhikistan and Kazakhstan.The wingspan is 12–14 mm. The basic color of the forewings is gray with whitish granulation. The basal area is bordered by an oblique but straight black line which disappears in the region of the median cell. There is large white granulation on the middle area forming two broad diffused light gray transverse stripes.
 Soft Fruit is a 1999 drama about a dying mother and her children who come together to fulfill her last wishes. It is an Australian American co-production produced by Australian filmmaker Jane Campion and directed by Christina Andreef.Andreef later talked about the themes of the film:As you grow older it's so difficult to stay in relationship with your brothers and sisters and your parents. When you get into your thirties and forties paths are dividing.
 Rick Houenipwela more commonly known as Rick Hou (born 8 August 1958) is a Solomon Islands politician.He has a Bachelor's decree in Accounting and served as governor of his country's Central Bank for more than 15 years before becoming Senior Advisor to the Executive Director of the World Bank and then going into politics.
 Based on a True Story is the second studio album by American pop punk band The Starting Line the follow-up to The Make Yourself at Home EP was released by Drive-Thru Records and Geffen Records on May 10 2005.The album was mainly produced by Tim O'Heir except for the songs Making Love to the Camera which was produced by Eric Rachel Bedroom Talk and The World which were produced by Howard Benson.
 El Retrato is a 1947 Argentine film.
 The Măgura River is a tributary of the Sighiștel River in Romania.
 Yellow-fronted Barbet (Megalaima flavifrons) is an Asian barbet which is an endemic resident breeder in Sri Lanka. Barbets and toucans are a group of near passerine birds with a worldwide tropical distribution. The barbets get their name from the bristles which fringe their heavy bills.Yellow-fronted Barbet is an arboreal species of forests and other woodland including large gardens which eats mainly small fruit and only rarely insects.
 Cheshmeh Sefid (Persian: چشمه سفيد‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sefīd) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nell Gwynn is a 1934 British historical drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle Cedric Hardwicke Jeanne De Casalis Miles Malleson and Moore Marriott. The film portrays the historical romance between Charles II of England and the actress Nell Gwynn. It was also released as Mistress Nell Gwyn.
 Euro IV Ever is E-Type's fourth studio album which was released in 2001. It contains hit songs Life Africa and Campione 2000. That song was made as the official song of the 2000 UEFA European Football Championship. Worldwide the album sold 2.5 million copies. It is E-Type's second best selling album ever.
 Isabella Three Sailing Ships and a Con Man (Italian title: Isabella tre caravelle e un cacciaballe) is a 1963 two-act play by Italian playwright Dario Fo the recipient of the 1997 Nobel Prize in Literature. Some people got angry: Fo received threatening letters was assaulted in Rome with Rame by Fascist groups who also threw rubbish at them while another performance was disrupted by a bomb scare. He recounted this event in the prologue of Johan Padan and the Discovery of the Americas.
 The Ester Republic is a small independent monthly newspaper published in Ester Alaska and established January 1999. The paper serves as an alternative media publication for the Tanana Valley. It is the only newspaper that has been published in Ester; the village has been served historically by Fairbanks newspapers. Contributors are generally amateur writers although some professional journalists poets and photographers appear in its pages (e.g. Richard A.
 Mount Gamkonora is a stratovolcano on Halmahera island Indonesia. With an elevation of 1560 metres (5118 ft) it is the highest peak on the island. It has produced an elongated series of craters along the north-south rift. The largest eruption in 1673 was accompanied with tsunami which inundated the nearby villages. Between 1564 and 1989 the volcano erupted twelve times.The volcano erupted again on July 10 2007 with over 8000 people reported to have fled their homes in the vicinity.
 Råna is a mountain in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The mountain sits on the municipal border between Ørsta Municipality and Sykkylven Municipality. It is part of Hjelledalstindane mountains in the Sunnmørsalpene range. The 1586-metre (5203 ft) tall mountain is located about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of the village of Store Standal in Ørsta Municipality and about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) south of the village of Straumgjerde in Sykkylven Municipality.
 Beware The Stranger is an Egyptian Young Adult horror novel. It was written by filmmaker Ahmed Khalifa and published by Al-Hadara Publishing. It was the first English-Language Egyptian Horror Novel in history. On August 1 2010 the novel became available on Amazon Kindle making it the first independently published Egyptian novel in history to do so.
 Jaslok Hospital and Research Centre was founded in the early 1970s by philanthropist Seth Lokoomal Chanrai.Dr. Shantilal J. Mehta the doyen of the medical profession in India was the one who translated Seth Lokoomal Chanrai's vision into reality. Jaslok Hospital is located at Dr. G. Deshmukh Marg. Peddar Road South Mumbai overlooking the Arabian Sea.The name Jaslok was derived from the names of Seth Lokoomal and his wife Smt. Jasotibai.
 Chelonian Conservation and Biology: International Journal of Turtle and Tortoise Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on freshwater turtles marine turtles and tortoises (Order Testudines). It was established in 1993 by the Chelonian Research Foundation as the new scientific journal of the IUCN Species Survival Commission's Tortoise and Freshwater Turtle Specialist Group and the International Bulletin of Chelonian Research.
 Luke the Candy Cut-Up is a 1916 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd. A print of the film survives in George Eastman House.
 The Scar (Polish: Blizna) is a 1976 Polish film written and directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Franciszek Pieczka. Filmed on location in Olechów Poland the film is about a man put in charge of the construction of a large chemical factory in his home town in the face of strong opposition from the townspeople who are concerned with their short-term needs.
 For the bullet belt see Bandolier.Bandolero! is a 1968 western directed by Andrew V. McLaglen starring James Stewart Dean Martin Raquel Welch and George Kennedy. The story centers on two brothers on a run from the posse led by a local sheriff (July Johnson) who wants to arrest the runaways and free a hostage (Maria Stoner) that they took on the way. They head on the wrong territory which is controlled by Bandoleros.
 The Hira Mountains (比良山地 Hira-sanchi) are a mountain range to the west of Lake Biwa on the border of Shiga Prefecture and Kyoto Prefecture Japan. The range runs 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) north to south. It is narrowest in the southern part of the range running 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east to west and broadest at the northern part of the range running 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) km east to west.
 Simply Mortified is the second album by BS 2000 released on February 6 2001.
 The Williams Memorial Institute is located in New London Connecticut. The house was built in 1891 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 30 1978.
 Letterkenny Regional Cultural Centre is a cultural centre located in Letterkenny County Donegal Ireland. The centre is located behind An Grianán Theatre in the town and is the leading cultural centre in north-west Ireland. It has been described as a cultural beacon by The Irish Times second only to Kilkenny City in terms of cultural beaconess.
 The Stog River is a tributary of the Căian River in Romania.
 Edward Moss Carmouche Sr. (June 21 1921 - April 6 1990) was an attorney in his native Lake Charles Louisiana who during the 1960s was a leader of the nationalist faction of the Louisiana Democratic Party.
 Parasesarma pictum is a mudflat crab belonging to the Sesarmidae family (subfamily Sesarminae) which is endemic to East Asia. This crab typically inhabits mangrove swamps preferring the upper intertidal region of estuaries and living in small crevices and abandoned holes made by other species. It eats leaf litter and other vegetation. The breeding season of P. pictum is between May and September.Like other sesarmid crabs P. pictum has a square carapace.
 The Hinterer Bratschenkopf is a mountain in the Glockner Group on the Fusch-Kaprun ridge (Fuscher / Kapruner Kamm) in the High Tauern a high mountain range in the Austrian Central Alps. According to the listed sources it is 3412 metres high but the Austrian Federal Office for Metrology and Survey gives its height as 3413 metres. The mountain lies in the Austrian state of Salzburg.
 The Roșcani River is a tributary of the Frasin River in Romania.
 Sikkibahm is a full length album by acoustic duo Lost and Found. The album has been released on both cassette and CD. It is now only available as part of The Early Years box set.
 WUSA is a 1970 American drama film directed by Stuart Rosenberg. It was written by Robert Stone based on his novel A Hall of Mirrors. The story involves a radio station in New Orleans with the eponymous call sign which is apparently involved in a right-wing conspiracy. It culminates with a riot and stampede at a patriotic pep-rally when an assassin on a catwalk opens fire.The cast included Paul Newman Joanne Woodward Anthony Perkins Laurence Harvey Cloris Leachman and Wayne Rogers.
 Sea lemon is a loosely-applied common name for a group of medium-sized to large shell-less colorful sea slugs or nudibranchs specifically dorid nudibranchs in the taxonomic family Dorididae and other closely related families. These are marine gastropod mollusks.
 Grundgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Eupithecia resarta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya Tanzania and Uganda.
 Denis Stepanov was one of three men behind the start of DDoS attacks for hire and extortion. A multinational law enforcement group of British American and Russian private individuals and law enforcement agents captured Ivan Maksakov Alexander Petrov and Denis Stepanov.The three men were at the heart of an extortion ring which was extorting money from banks Internet casinos and other web based businesses.
 Eat the phikis is the breakthrough album by Italian rock band Elio e le storie tese. They became famous after their second place finish at the Sanremo Music Festival with the song La terra dei cachi a humorous take on Italian lifestyle. This record shows the band at their creative peak.
 Saw 0.5 is a nine-and-a-half-minute Australian short subject horror film released in 2003. It was directed by James Wan and written by Wan and Leigh Whannell the latter also starring in it. It was originally used to pitch their script for a full-length feature film Saw to various studios and actors. The full-length film was eventually made in 2004. The short film later became a scene in Saw with Shawnee Smith as Amanda Young wearing the Reverse Bear Trap device instead of David.
 Wojciechowo [vɔi̯t͡ɕeˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaraczewo within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Jaraczewo 14 km (9 mi) west of Jarocin and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Cape May Canal is a 2.9 nautical miles (3.3 mi; 5.4 km) waterway connecting Cape May Harbor to the Delaware Bay at the southern tip of Cape May County New Jersey. There is a long history of unfulfilled plans for a canal across Cape May. The canal was finally constructed by the United States Army Corps of Engineers during World War II to provide a protected route to avoid German U-boats operating off Cape May Point and to become part of the Intracoastal Waterway.
 Ta Ra Rum Pum is a 2007 Bollywood family drama film that stars Saif Ali Khan and Rani Mukerji in the lead roles. This is the second time the lead pair worked together after the success of their last film Hum Tum (2004). It was directed by Siddharth Anand who directed 2005's Salaam Namaste. Ta Ra Rum Pum was a semi-hit at the box office in India.
 Rzuców [ˈʐut͡suf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borkowice within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Borkowice 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Przysucha and 105 km (65 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Coleophora dentiferoides is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Nova Scotia.The larvae feed on the seeds of Juncus militaris. They create a tubular silken seed case.
 The Ace of Spades is a 1935 British drama film directed by George Pearson and starring Michael Hogan Dorothy Boyd and Richard Cooper.
 The Atlantis was the first successful Greek language daily newspaper published in the United States. The newspaper was founded in 1894 by Solon J. and Demetrius J. Vlasto descendants of the Greek noble family Vlasto. The paper was headed by a member of the Vlasto family until it closed in 1973. Published in New York City it had a national circulation and influence. Atlantis supported the royalist faction in Greek politics until the mid-1960s.
 The Book of Ruth: Journey in Faith is a 2009 Christian film directed by Stephen Patrick Walker. It is based on the Book of Ruth and was aired January 8 2010 on the Trinity Broadcasting Network. The film stars Dan Haggerty Lana Wood Eleese Lester Carman and Sherry Morris as Ruth.
 Lilly Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at Lilly in Cambria County Pennsylvania. It was built by the Allegheny Portage Railroad in 1832 and is an 18-foot-long (5.5 m) bridge with an elliptical shape and curved wingalls. It is built of roughly squared ashlar and crosses Burgoon Run.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Cheshmeh Zangi (Persian: چشمه زنگي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Zangī) is a village in Kivanat Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 28 families.
 The Alvares is a river in northern Spain flowing through the Autonomous Community of Asturias.
 The Hall of Transportation Treasure Island on Treasure Island California also known as Building 2 was built in 1938. It was designed in Moderne style by architects William Peyton Day and George William Kelham. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Pena (Macedonian: Пена) is the biggest Šar river in Polog after the Vardar River. It is the biggest Vardarian tributary from the Šar lakes.
 Insektenbörse (English: Insect Exchange) was a German entomology magazine established in 1884. It was renamed Entomologisches Wochenblatt (English: Entomology Weekly) in 1907-1908 and renamed again Entomologische Rundschau (English: Entomological Review) in 1909-1939. Beginning with volume 26 the journal was published by Alfred Kernen Verlag Stuttgart Germany. Insekten-Börse was also issued at various times as a trade supplement to Entomologische Zeitschrift (English: Entomological Journal).
 Solo is a 1996 science fiction action film from Columbia/Tristar Studios. It was directed by Norberto Barba who has since primarily produced television series. The film was based on the novel Weapon by Robert Mason and was adapted into a screenplay by David L. Corley. The cast included Mario Van Peebles Barry Corbin and William Sadler.[citation needed]The film ran for 94 minutes and received an MPAA rating of PG-13 for combat violence and language.
 The Padina Soroniște River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Laeosopis is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Dark Night in Toyland (ISBN 0-575-04448-9) is a collection of science fiction short stories by Bob Shaw first published in 1989.
 Debra Ann Livingston (born April 15 1959) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
 William Francis Frank Houston (born 22nd April 1922 in Wanganui New Zealand – Sydney Australia; 8 November 2004) was a Pentecostal Christian pastor in the Assemblies of God in New Zealand and Australia.
 Oegoconiodes is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Fritz the Cat is a 1972 American animated comedy film written and directed by Ralph Bakshi as his feature film debut.Based on the comic strip of the same name by Robert Crumb the film was the first animated feature film to receive an X rating in the United States. It focuses on Fritz (voiced by Skip Hinnant) an anthropomorphic feline in mid-1960s New York City who explores the ideals of hedonism and sociopolitical consciousness.
 Machik (Persian: مچيك‎ also Romanized as Machīk) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 13 families.
 Pál Ilku (8 October 1912 – 13 July 1973) was a Hungarian soldier and politician who served as Minister of Education from 1961 until his death. He had significant part in the organizing of the police strengths (pufajkások) which consolidated the János Kádár regime after the crushing of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956.
 The La Fântânele River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 From Acid to Zen is the Norwegian rock band BigBang's ninth album and the first released exclusively for the American market. It consist mainly of previously released material except for two new songs. It was released on September 9 2008.
 Cobra Verde is the sixteenth album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1987 on Milan Records as the original motion picture soundtrack of Werner Herzog's Cobra Verde with Klaus Kinski. In 2006 SPV re-released the album with one bonus track (recorded during the sessions for the 1991 Popol Vuh album For You and Me).
 The Church of St Michael in Stawley Somerset England dates from the 13th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The current church stands on the site of an earlier Norman church from which some herringbone pattern walling survives in the nave.The church register dates from 1528. Despite some minor Victorian restoration in 1873 the church fabric is largely as it would have been in medieval times.
 The Kalba-Too (or Kalbatoo) (Kyrgyz: Калба-Тоо) is a mountain range in the north Tien-Shan a branch of the Talas Ala-Too Range. The range runs 25 km along its axis with the highest elevation at 4146 m. The mountains are dissected by a dense net of short and shallow but steep gulleys. The slopes have a weathering crust the surface of which is sodded.
 Shaheb Bibi Golam is a (year ???) Bengali novel written by Bimal Mitra (1912-1991) and is set in Calcutta India during the last years of the nineteenth century. The novels tells the story of the sumptuous lifestyle and the decay of a feudal family. It is the story of Pateshwari aka Chhoto Bou a woman who wants to experience romance to be a real wife to invent for herself and live a new kind of conjugality.
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Nine is the sequel to the Season Eight comic book series a canonical continuation of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.The Season Nine brand also incorporates a new Buffy spin-off series Angel & Faith which like the main series will last 25 issues (roughly two years). While Whedon shares writing duties with Andrew Chambliss on the main series Christos Gage writes Angel & Faith.
 Micralestes is a genus of African tetras. There are currently 17 species in this genus.
 Jeyhoonak-e Paeen (Persian: جیحونک پایین ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 9 families.
 Amok is a 1945 Mexican romantic drama film directed by Antonio Momplet and starring María Félix and Julián Soler. The film is based on the novel Der Amoklaufer by author Stefan Zweig.
 Zardan (Persian: زردان‎ also Romanized as Zardān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Best of Tim Buckley is a compilation LP by Tim Buckley. It presents Buckley as a folk artist with all of the songs having been written between 1966 and 1970. The album features material from the studio albums Tim Buckley Goodbye and Hello Happy Sad and Blue Afternoon in addition to Song to the Siren from avant garde album Starsailor. This was the first new release outside of Australia after Buckley's death.
 Earl Buford Ellington (June 27 1907 – April 3 1972) was an American politician who served as Governor of Tennessee from 1959 to 1963 and again from 1967 to 1971. Along with his political ally Frank G. Clement he helped lead a political machine that controlled the governor's office for 18 years from 1953 to 1971. Ellington was also a supporter of President Lyndon B. Johnson and worked as the Director of the Office of Emergency Planning during the Johnson Administration in 1965.
 Hag is an album by country singer Merle Haggard released in 1971. It was his first album with a majority of original songs in two years. It reached #1 on the Billboard Country album chart and #66 on the Pop album chart. The album spawned four hit singles: Jesus Take a Hold I Can't Be Myself Soldiers Last Letter and Sidewalks of Chicago all of which reached #3 on the Country singles chart.Hag was reissued along with Let Me Tell You About a Song on CD by Beat Goes On Records in 2002.
 Sixties Icon (foaled 14 February 2003) is a retired British Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire. In a career which lasted from April 2006 until November 2008 he ran seventeen times and won eight races. He recorded his most important victory when winning the Classic St. Leger Stakes as a three-year-old. He won five other Group Races before being retired to stud.
 Antoniadi Dorsum is a ridge on Mercury at 25.1°N 30.5°W﻿ / 25.1; -30.5. It was named by the International Astronomical Union after Eugène Michel Antoniadi.
 Triglops is a genus of sculpins.
 Wake the Sleeper is the 21st studio album by the progressive rock band Uriah Heep. It is their first studio album since 1998's Sonic Origami.
 Timbuktu is an upcoming French-Mauritanian drama film directed by Abderrahmane Sissako. It has been selected to compete for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 Tomcat in Love is a novel by Tim O'Brien about the misadventures of a womanizing linguistics Professor Thomas H. Chippering originally published in hardcover by Broadway Books in 1998. Chippering is obsessive about proper use of the English language and employs many examples of wordplay. Written in the first person the tale unfolds with extensive use of flashback (what Chippering would insist be called analepsis) and foreshadowing.
 Winiary Dolne [viˈɲarɨ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Nowy Korczyn 20 km (12 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 154.
 Ermine Glacier is located on north slopes of Glacier Peak in the U.S. state of Washington. As is true with all the glaciers found on Glacier Peak Ermine Glacier is retreating. During the Little Ice Age Ermine Glacier extended down to an altitude of 4400 ft (1300 m) and was connected to Vista Glacier to its west.
 The New Zealand Journal of Forestry is the journal of the New Zealand Institute of Forestry. It publishes articles on a wide range of forestry-related topics primarily on issues that are relevant to New Zealand and the South Pacific region. The published articles include peer reviewed scientific research papers items of current interest opinion pieces and book reviews.
 The Nishi-Shinjuku 3-Chōme Redevelopment (西新宿三丁目西地区市街地再開発) is a large proposed redevelopment project in Nishi-Shinjuku Tokyo Japan. The proposal includes a 77-story office tower two 66-floor and one 50 floor residential towers. The 77-story office tower called East Office Tower (東オフィス棟) is set to rise 338 metres (1109 ft) and become Japan's tallest building taking the title away from the Yokohama Landmark Tower in Yokohama.
 The Black Corsair (Italian: Il corsaro nero also known as The Black Pirate) is an Italian adventure film. It is based on two Emilio Salgari's novels The Black Corsair and The Queen of the Caribbean.Filmed by Sollima between Sandokan and Sandokan alla riscossa the movie presents the same lead actors (Bedi and Andrè) the same film editor (Alberto Gallitti) and the same music-composers (Guido and Maurizio De Angelis).
 Doors of Chaos (グレンツェン・テューア Grenzen Tur lit. German: Doors of the Border) is a manga written and illustrated by Ryoko Mitsuki. SoftBank Creative has released the manga's first tankōbon volume on June 30 2008. As of August 2009 SoftBank Creative has released the third tankōbon volume on February 2 2009. The manga is licensed in North America by Tokyopop.
 The Classen Library (Danish: Det Classenske Bibliotek) was a public library in Copenhagen Denmark created from the private book collection of Johan Frederik Classen at the time of his death in 1792. It was the third largest library in the city surpassed only by the Royal Danish Library and Copenhagen University Library and existed until 1867 when it was merged with the latter.Its building at 38 Amaliegade now houses Det Konserveringsfaglige Videncenter a centre for conservation.
 Krajewice Duże [krajɛˈvit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Zawidz 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Sierpc and 103 km (64 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Płocie [ˈpwɔt͡ɕe] (formerly German Plötzenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Anarkul (Persian: اناركول‎ also Romanized as Anārkūl) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 63 families.
 Red Sox Rule is a book written by Michael Holley that documents the 2007 Boston Red Sox season a year in which they won the American League pennant and went on to win the World Series.
 Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. It was established in 1922. Of general medical journals still in publication since 1959 Medicine had the highest number of citations per paper between 1959 and 2009. The journal covers all aspects of clinical medicine and the editor-in-chief is David B. Hellmann (Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center).
 Wolf Tracks and Peter and the Wolf was a 2005 album that combined the orchestral composition Peter and the Wolf by Sergei Prokofiev with a 2002 composition Wolf Tracks which had its score written by French composer Jean-Pascal Beintus and text written by Walt Kreamer.
 Old North Church (officially Christ Church in the City of Boston) at 193 Salem Street in the North End of Boston is the location from which the famous One if by land and two if by sea signal is said to have been sent. This phrase is related to Paul Revere's midnight ride of April 18 1775 which preceded the Battles of Lexington and Concord during the American Revolution. The church is a mission of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts.
 Teleiodes flavimaculella the Chestnut Groundling is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is widely but locally distributed in Europe (except the northernmost and southernmost parts) east to Siberia.The wingspan is 9–13 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July in one generation per year.The larvae possibly feed on Castanea sativa and Quercus.
 Mead Art Museum is an art museum associated with Amherst College in Amherst Massachusetts and is a member of Museums10.The Mead Art Museum has a wide ranging collection of approximately 18000 items with a particular strength in American art including notable works of the Hudson River School and woodcut artist J. J. Lankes as well as a wide range of European Japanese and Ancient art.
 The Ambition of the Baron is a 1915 silent drama film. Gloria Swanson had a bit-part role.
 Arnold Morley PC (18 February 1849 – 16 January 1916) was a British barrister and Liberal politician.
 Kargalin (Persian: كرگلين‎ also Romanized as Kargalīn) is a village in Saidabad Rural District in the Central District of Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 640 in 169 families.
 The Mystery of the Missing Man published 1956 is the thirteenth novel in the Five Find-Outers written by Enid Blyton.
 Tara Kay Mack (born June 26 1983) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota she represents District 57A which includes portions of the cities of Apple Valley and Burnsville in Dakota County which is in the southeastern part of the Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 Grace A.M.E. Zion Church is a historic church at 219-223 S. Brevard Street in Charlotte North Carolina.It was designed by architects Hayden Wheeler and Schwend and built in 1902. It was added to the National Register in 2008.
 Thomas Hall built in 1905 is a historic building located in Murphree Area on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida United States. The building is named for William Reuben Thomas the Gainesville mayor and businessman responsible for bringing the University of Florida to Gainesville.Architect William Augustus Edwards designed Thomas Hall in the Collegiate Gothic style. Buckman Hall was built at the same time and the two are the oldest buildings on the campus.
 The Party Album also known as The Party LP is a 1978 live blues recording by Alexis Korner. The album features Alexis Korner and various guest musicians singing a mix of both classic blues songs as well as some of Korner's own. The concert was a celebration of Korner's 50th birthday.The album was originally released in 1980 and re-released in 1993.
 Paraclinus arcanus is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Atlantic coast of Brazil. It is an inhabitant of reefs at depths of from near the surface to 3 metres (9.8 ft). This species can reach a length of 3.2 centimetres (1.3 in) SL.
 Swan Song is a 1987 horror novel by American novelist Robert R. McCammon. It is a work of post-apocalyptic fiction describing the aftermath of a nuclear war that provokes an evolution in humankind.
 In Full View is the debut album by country singer-songwriter Victoria Shaw.Of the 11 tracks here Shaw co-wrote the first ten (notably two of those ten with pop songwriter Desmond Child) and wrote the last one by herself. Four singles were released (Cry Wolf Tears Dry Forgiveness (A Day in the Life of a) Single Mother) and all of them placed very low on the US Country chart (57 74 and 58 for the first three; the last one failed to chart).
 Ghost Patrol is a 1936 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
 This article describes the first 80s compilation in the US Now! Series. It should not be confused with the UK album of the same name. For more information see Now That's What I Call the 80s.Now That's What I Call the 80s is a special edition compilation album from the Now! series in the United States containing hit songs from the 1980s. It was released on March 11 2008.
 The Freer Gallery of Art joins the Arthur M. Sackler Gallery to form the Smithsonian Institution's national museums of Asian art. The Freer and Sackler galleries house the largest Asian art research library in the United States and contains art from East Asia South Asia Southeast Asia the Islamic world the ancient Near East and ancient Egypt as well as a significant collection of American art.
 Peter Griffin's Guide to the Holidays is an American humor book about Family Guy written by executive producer Danny Smith. The book was first published on 23 October 2007. The book consists of a monologue by Peter Griffin discussing his various memories of Christmas and other subjects related to the holiday.
 Spieser is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Peddamanagalaram is a village in Ranga Reddy district Andhra Pradesh India. It comes under Moinabad (mandal). It is 20 km (12 mi) from Hyderabad city. The village is the birthplace of former Deputy Chief Minister Konda Venkata Ranga Reddy (the district was named after him) former Chief Minister Marri Chenna Reddy and former MLA Konda Laxma Reddy.
 The Past Is Alive (The Early Mischief) is a compilation album by Dissection. It contains tracks from early EPs and promos. It also includes two tracks by Satanized the former band of Jon Nödtveidt. Some versions also include two tracks taken from the Where Dead Angels Lie EP. It has been released several times by different labels including Necropolis Records who released it originally and Karmageddon Records. It also has been released with different cover artwork.
 Thunveni Yamaya (English: Third Part of the Night) is a 1983 black-and-white Sri Lankan film directed by Dharmasiri Bandaranayake.
 Lake Punrun is a lake in Peru.
 Masters of Chant Chapter II is the third album by Gregorian.
 Bertrand St-Arnaud (born 13 September 1958) was a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec who was elected to represent the riding of Chambly in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He was defeated in the 2014 Quebec general election by Coalition Avenir Quebec candidate Jean-Francois Roberge.
 Eight Fantasms and Magics is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Jack Vance. It was originally published by Macmillan in 1969 and reprinted in paperback by Collier Books in 1970. No further editions have been issued.
 The Coronet a wooden-hull schooner yacht built in 1885 is one of the oldest and largest schooner yachts in the world.
 Nonacho Lake is the eighth largest lake in the Northwest Territories Canada.
 Placostylus hongii is a species of very large air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Bothriembryontidae.
 Raymond Ray Wesley Rodrigues (born April 17 1970) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 76th District which includes southern and coastal Lee County namely Bonita Springs Fort Myers Beach and Sanibel since 2012.
 The John R. Twelves House is a historic house located in Provo Utah United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Mount Lowe Railway was the third in a series of scenic mountain railroads in America created as a tourist attraction on Echo Mountain and Mount Lowe north of Los Angeles California. The railway originally incorporated by Professor Thaddeus S. C. Lowe as the Pasadena & Mt. Wilson Railroad Co.
 Still the 12th Man is the fourth album released by The Twelfth Man. Released in 1992 for the season 1992-93 it reached number one on the ARIA Album Charts.
 Mrs. Spring Fragrance was a popular short story collection by Sui Sin Far pen name of Chinese-British-Canadian-American writer Edith Maude Eaton. The work is notable for being the earliest book of fiction published in the United States by an author of mixed Chinese and white descent. Although the stories in the collection were written in the late 19th and early 20th centuries they were not compiled into a single book until 1912. The original publisher was A. C.
 Show Your Bones is the second full-length album by New York indie rock band Yeah Yeah Yeahs. It was released on March 27 2006 (March 28 2006 in North America). The album was nominated for a 2007 Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album.The album debuted at number 11 on the U.S. Billboard 200 with about 56000 copies sold in its first week.
 Gezeli-ye Olya (Persian: گزلي عليا‎ also Romanized as Gezelī-ye ‘Olyā Gezelī ‘Olya and Gazlī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Gazlī Gezelī Bālā and Gezelī-ye Bālā) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Colla glaucescens is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in Colombia and the Amazon region.
 Anchinia is a genus of gelechioid moths. In the systematic layout used here it is placed in the subfamily Amphisbatinae of the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae).
 Darılık is a village in the District of Aladağ Adana Province Turkey.
 Piotry [ˈpjɔtrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzichowo within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 67 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Pitmen Painters is a play by Lee Hall based on the Ashington Group of painters. Hall learnt about the group from a Guardian article by Martin Wainwright. This encouraged him to buy the book Pitmen Painters: The Ashington Group 1934-1984 by William Feaver about the group on which the play is loosely based.
 Thomas Martin Nolan (born October 24 1916 - April 7 1989) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate and Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He represented the 34th legislative district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1969 to 1970.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption (French: Cathédrale Notre-Dame de L'Assomption) often called Port-au-Prince Cathedral (French: Cathédrale de Port-au-Prince) was a cathedral in Port-au-Prince Haiti. Built between 1884 and 1914 it was dedicated on December 13 1928 (1928-12-13) and became the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince.
 Doesn't Play Well with Others (Joey Cape album) is the second full-length solo album by Lagwagon and Bad Astronaut frontman Joey Cape released on June 1 2011. It was released with one song at a time each month during 2010 on Joey Cape's official website beginning on January 18 2010.The first track Going for the Bronze was released on January 18 2010 while the last track I Always Knew This Was Going to End Badly was released on December 12 2010.
 Mian Galalan (Persian: ميان گلالان‎ also Romanized as Mīān Galālān; also known as Mīān Kalālān) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 5 families.
 Little Sugar Loaf also called Giltspur Mountain (Irish: Giolspar earlier name Beannach Bheag) is a hill in County Wicklow Ireland. It is situated East-North-East of the Great Sugar Loaf separated from it by the N11 dual carriageway.
 Kotzen is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Ethmia macelhosiella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in the eastern United States including Missouri Maryland Pennsylvania and Oklahoma.The length of the forewings is 10.7-12.7 mm. The ground color of the forewings is whitish sparsely to densely irrorated with pale brownish. The ground color of the hindwings is pale brownish or dirty whitish. Adults have been recorded in October and November.The larvae feed on Phacelia species.
 The Chamb (German: Chamb; Czech: Kouba) is a river in the Czech Republic and in Germany. It is a 51 kilometres (32 mi) right tributary of the Regen River.The Chamb begins south of the Czech village of Kdyně and flows some 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) westward crossing into Germany at an elevation of 407 metres (1335 ft).
 Muzzy in Gondoland (often shortened to simply Muzzy) is an animated film first created by the BBC in 1986 as a way of teaching English as a second language. The English version of Muzzy features the voices of Willie Rushton Miriam Margolyes Susan Sheridan Derek Griffiths Jack May and Benjamin Whitrow. DMP Organization later acquired the rights to Muzzy and translated into other languages (see below).
 True You: A Journey to Finding and Loving Yourself is a self-help book co-authored by American entertainer Janet Jackson and biographer David Ritz released on February 15 2011. In the book Jackson opens up about her struggles with food body image and relationships. It topped The New York Times Best Seller list in the Hardcover Advice and Misc. section the week of March 6 2011.
 Augustine Willie Dominguez (born July 30 1955) is a Democrat and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. He represented District 58B which includes portions of downtown and north Minneapolis from 2007-2009. He lost the district DFL Party's endorsement to Bobby Joe Champion in 2008.
 The Valcălița River is a tributary of the Răstoliţa in Romania.
 Miroslava Němcová (born 17 November 1952) is a former Speaker of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic. She was elected to this office on 24 June 2010. She has been the Member of the Chamber of Deputies since 1998 she represented Civic Democratic Party (ODS). She is married and has a son.On 19 June 2013 the Civic Democratic Party nominated her for the post of the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic replacing Petr Nečas who resigned over a corruption scandal.
 Skibniew-Podawce [ˈskibɲɛf pɔˈdaft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Sokołów Podlaski and 87 km (54 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Walter Edward Guinness 1st Baron Moyne DSO & Bar PC (29 March 1880 – 6 November 1944) was an Anglo-Irish politician and businessman. He served as the British minister of state in the Middle East until November 1944 when he was assassinated by the Jewish terrorist group Lehi. The assassination of Lord Moyne sent shock waves through Palestine and the rest of the world.
 The William Murphy House is a site on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located at 97 Sewall Ave. in Brookline Massachusetts.
 Qostin Rud (Persian: قسطين رود‎ also Romanized as Qosţīn Rūd) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 30 families.
 The Silent Mystery is a 1918 drama film serial directed by Francis Ford. The film is considered to be lost.
 Mathihalli is a village about 100 kilometres from Bellary in Karnataka India. The village is ancient but still exists with a small population but little infrastructure.
 The Adamello-Presanella Alps Alpine group is a mountain range in the Southern Limestone Alps mountain group of the Eastern Alps. It is located in northern Italy in the provinces of Trentino and Brescia.
 The John and Susanna Ahlf House is a historic residence in Grants Pass Oregon United States. Built in 1902 it is the finest remaining example of the Queen Anne style in Grants Pass and was the most prominent home in the city prior to World War I. It was built for John Ahlf (1856–1932) a German immigrant and meat packer who became one of the leading businessmen of the Rogue Valley.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Black-chested Jay (Cyanocorax affinis) is a species of bird in the Corvidae family.It is found in Colombia Costa Rica Panama and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Maa Inti Premayanam (Telugu: మా ఇంటి ప్రేమాయణం) is a 1983 Telugu film directed by Alluri Ravi. The film stars Chandra Mohan Prasad Babu Ramaprabha and Sharat Babu in important roles. Chiranjeevi does a cameo appearance towards the end of the film.
 Tighab (Persian: تيغاب‎ also Romanized as Tīghāb; also known as Tegha and Tūghāb) is a village in Paskuh Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1614 in 412 families.
 Guru Sishyan (English: Teacher Student) is a Tamil language film released in 2010. It stars Sathyaraj and Sundar C in the lead roles. It is directed by Sakthi Chidambaram
 The National Gallery is the primary British national public art gallery sited on Trafalgar Square in central London. It is home to one of the world's greatest collections of Western European paintings. Founded in 1824 from an initial purchase of 36 paintings by the British Government its collections have since grown to about 2300 paintings by roughly 750 artists dating from the mid-13th century to 1900 most of which are on display.
 Goślub-Osada [ˈɡɔɕlup ɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Austrorossia enigmatica is a species of bobtail squid native to the southeastern Atlantic Ocean; it occurs off the coast of southern Africa from Namibia to Cape Province. It lives at depths from 276 to 400 m.The type specimens measure up to 27 mm in mantle length.The type locality of this species is off the South African coast. The type specimens are deposited at The Natural History Museum in London.The validity of A. enigmatica has been questioned.
 Puebla Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Puebla in Puebla Mexico. It is a colonial cathedral and is the see of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Puebla de los Angeles. The cathedral's bishop is Víctor Sánchez Espinosa. The cathedral is dedicated to the Immaculate Conception.
 Acid Reflex is the sixth studio album by rapper Paris. It included the single and video Don't Stop the Movement to promote the album. Acid Reflex features guest appearances from Public Enemy George Clinton and T-K.A.S.H.
 Island Mountain is a resistant formation of volcanic and metavolcanic rock in the Franciscan Assemblage of southwestern Trinity County California. It was mined for sulfur metal deposits during the first half of the 20th century and was the final obstacle in the construction of a railroad line to Eureka California in 1914.
 Agnam Civol (also Anyam Siwol or Civol is a small town in the north-east of Senegal about 70 km north-west from Matam. It is in the historical region of Fouta-Toro in the department and region of Matam. The town is located on Highway N2 some 300 km east of Saint Louis. It is some 5 km south of the border with Mauretania which generally follows the course of the Senegal River.
 The Duncan Ranges are a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia Canada located west of the Duncan River southeast of Revelstoke.
 The Centre d'histoire de Montréal is a museum in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 335 Place d'Youville in Old Montreal in the borough of Ville-Marie. The museum is dedicated to the history of Montreal.
 Watsonulus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Triassic epoch.
 Epioblasma is a genus of freshwater mussels aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae the river mussels. Most of the species in this genus have been lost in modern times and the entire genus is threatened with the possibility of extinction. The genera has also been identified as Dysnomia.
 Foxy Grandpa was a newspaper comic strip featuring an eponymous character created by cartoonist Carl E. Schultze drawing under the name of “Bunny.”Foxy Grandpa made its first appearance on January 7 1900.</small> The strip initially ran in the New York Herald but it moved to the New York American on February 16 1902.Selchow and Righter licensed Foxy Grandpa for the Foxy Grandpa Hat Party Game (similar to Pin the Tail on the Donkey) after 1900.
 Rosendale Common School also known as Niskayuna Grange Hall No. 1542 is a historic school building located in the vicinity of Niskayuna in Schenectady County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a 1 1⁄2-story three-by-five-bay timber-frame building on a limestone foundation. It has a steeply pitched gable roof and a one-story shed-roof addition from the 1960s.
 Myra Breckinridge is a 1968 satirical novel by Gore Vidal written in the form of a diary. It was made into a movie in 1970. Described by the critic Dennis Altman as part of a major cultural assault on the assumed norms of gender and sexuality which swept the western world in the late 1960s and early 1970s the book's major themes are feminism transsexuality American expressions of machismo and patriarchy and deviant sexual practices as filtered through an aggressively camp sensibility.
 Favartia brazieri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Zaida R. Cucusa Hernández Torres: is a Puerto Rican politician who served as the Speaker of the Puerto Rican House of Representatives from 1993 to 1996. She also served as At-Large Representative from 1985 to 1997 and as Chairman of the San Juan NPP Municipal Committee from 1995 to 1997. Previous to being a legislator Hernández served as a Prosecutor in the Puerto Rico Justice Department. After her tenure as Speaker of the House Hernández served as Appellate Court Judge from 1998 to 2008.
 The Vadu Crişului - Aştileu Canal (called colloquially Canalu de Apă) is an artificial canal diverting the discharge of the Crişul Repede River for the supply of the Aştileu hydroelectric plant with an installed capacity of 2.8 MW. The canal 9 km long canal was built in 1954.
 Doubt (-ダウト- Dauto) also known as Rabbit Doubt (ラビット·ダウト Rabitto Dauto) is a shōnen horror manga written and illustrated by Yoshiki Tonogai. The series focuses on the Rabbit Doubt cell phone game with rules similar to Mafia. The players must find the wolf or killer amongst their group of rabbits as they are picked off one-by-one.
 Rugrats Go Wild is a 2003 animated film based on the Nickelodeon animated television series Rugrats and The Wild Thornberrys. It is the third and final Rugrats film. The film was produced by Nickelodeon Movies and Klasky Csupo and released in theaters on June 13 2003 by Paramount Pictures.
 The Olive-and-black Carpet (Acasis viridata) is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was described by Packard in 1873. It is found from Newfoundland to British Columbia and the adjacent northern part of the United States south in the east to Florida and south in the west to Colorado and Oregon.The wingspan is 18-20 mm. Adults are on wing from April to July in North America. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on the flowerheads of Viburnum cassinoides.
 The 63rd Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began on the first Tuesday in January. It met in Dover Delaware convening January 7 1845 two weeks before the beginning of the first and second year of the administration of Governor Thomas Stockton.
 Tachina subpilosa is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to France.
 Arctic grayling (Thymallus arcticus) is a species of freshwater fish in the salmon family (family Salmonidae) of order Salmoniformes. It comprises five subspecies native to the Nearctic and Palearctic ecozones. T. arcticus is widespread throughout the Arctic and Pacific drainages in Canada Alaska and Siberia as well as the upper Missouri River drainage in Montana. In the U.S. state of Arizona an introduced population is found in the Lee Valley and other lakes in the White Mountains.
 The Cornwallis River is a river in Kings County Nova Scotia Canada.It has a meander length of approximately 48 km from its source on the North Mountain near Berwick to its mouth near Wolfville on the Minas Basin. The lower portion of the river is tidal and there are extensive tidal marshes in the lower reaches. While the river is no longer used for navigation Port Williams was once an important destination for coastal shipping.
 The River De Chute (or de Chute) is a river in Maine and New Brunswick. From the outflow of Lindsay Lake (46°40′22″N 67°47′40″W) in Easton Maine the river runs about 5 miles (8 km) south about half a mile west of the Canada – United States border. The river turns east and crosses into Canada at 46°36′04″N 67°47′18″W. It runs about 3 miles (5 km) to its confluence with the Saint John River.
 Albert Cheng Jing-han GBS JP (Chinese: 鄭經翰) (born 3 July 1946) widely known as Tai-pan is a Hong Kong businessman and politician. He is the lead figure in D100 Radio (Global Chinese Network Limited) and was the chairperson of Digital Broadcasting Corporation Hong Kong Ltd (香港數碼廣播有限公司) formerly Wave Media Ltd a radio station. He was the host of Now TV's talk show Sunday Taipan on the Now Hong Kong Channel.
 La casa del ogro (The House of the Ogre) is a 1939 Mexican film.
 NorthPark Mall is a shopping mall located in Davenport Iowa. As Davenport is part of the Quad Cities of Illinois and Iowa the mall serves the population of these cities. The mall is located northwest of the intersection of U.S. Highways 61 (Welcome Way) and 6 (Kimberly Road) at 320 West Kimberly Road. NorthPark Mall is one of two shopping malls operating in the Quad Cities area the other being SouthPark Mall in Moline Illinois.Like SouthPark Mall this mall is operated by Macerich.
 Richard A.Rick Bennett (born May 24 1963) is an American politician from the state of Maine. Bennett serves as Chairman of GMI Ratings an independent research firm which focuses on corporate governance director/executive compensation and forensic accounting. In 2012 Bennett was included in the NACD Directorship 100’s most influential people in the boardroom and corporate governance community.An Oxford resident Bennett served as the President of the Maine Senate.
 The Reisalpe (1399 m) is the highest mountain in the Gutenstein Alps and lies between Lilienfeld Hohenberg and Kleinzell in Lower Austria. It is a popular destination both for hikers in summer and also for ski mountaineering and snowshoe walks in winter and is classed as relatively safe from avalanches.Near the summit stands a Madonna recently joined by a summit cross as well as the Reisalpe refuge hut (Schutzhaus) opened on 9 October 1898.
 David Robert Plunket 1st Baron Rathmore PC QC (3 December 1838 – 22 August 1919) was an Irish lawyer and Conservative politician.
 Every Man For Himself is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 31st Our Gang short subject released.
 Rose of the Rancho is a 1914 American Western film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. The film cost $16988 to make and grossed $87028.
 Ukulele Songs From the North Devon Coast is an EP by the British singer/songwriter Darren Hayman. The second in a series of EPs chronicling Hayman's favourite holiday spots it was released by Static Caravan in 2006.
 Adhinayakudu is a 2012 Telugu film written and directed by Parachuri Murali. The film is produced by M. L. Padma Kumar Chowdhary under his Sree Keerthi Creations banner. The film stars Nandamuri Balakrishna Lakshmi Rai Saloni and Jayasudha in lead roles. The soundtrack of the film was composed by Kalyani Malik and Vijay Kumar has done the camera work. Balakrishna has played three different roles as a grand- father father grand son for the first time on celluloid screen.
 The Sign of the Cross (1932) is a pre-Code epic film released by Paramount Pictures produced and directed by Cecil B. DeMille from a screenplay by Waldemar Young and Sidney Buchman and based on the original 1895 play by Wilson Barrett.Both play and film have a strong resemblance to the novel Quo Vadis and like the novel take place in ancient Rome during the reign of Nero. The art direction and costume design were by Mitchell Leisen who also acted as assistant director.
 Le ménage moderne du Madame Butterfly is a bisexual hardcore pornographic film from France. It is notable for being the earliest known adult film to incorporate bisexual and homosexual intercourse.
 Mount Dalmeny (71°7′S 166°55′E) is a peak 1610 metres (5280 ft) high 6 nautical miles (11 km) east-southeast of Drabek Peak and 3 nautical miles (6 km) west of Redmond Bluff in the Anare Mountains of Victoria Land Antarctica. The topographical feature was first discovered in 1841 by Captain James Clark Ross Royal Navy who named it for the Right Honorable Archibald Primrose Lord Dalmeny then a junior lord of the Admiralty.
 Jill N. Parrish (born August 16 1961) is a justice of the Utah Supreme Court. She was appointed by Governor Michael Leavitt in January 2003.Justice Parrish grew up in Utah and received her Bachelors degree from Weber State University in 1982. In 1985 she received her law degree from Yale Law School. Upon receiving her law degree Parrish served as a law clerk for David K. Winder of the United States District Court for the District of Utah.
 Jason Douglas Boe (March 10 1929 – March 20 1990) was an American optometrist from Oregon. A native of California he served as the 47th president of the Oregon State Senate. Prior to serving in the Senate he was a member of the Oregon House of Representatives.
 Biomega (バイオメガ Baiomega) is a cyberpunk action manga by Tsutomu Nihei. Biomega contains references to Blame! Nihei's previous work. This is a standalone storyline and does not have direct connections to his other works such as Blame! NSE and NOiSE (though throughout Blame! TOA Heavy Industries is mentioned several times).
 Stitches (2003) is the second album by New York band The Boggs.
 Orthoclostera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Paectes.
 A Busy Day is a 1914 short film starring Charlie Chaplin and Mack Swain.
 Mahjanabad (Persian: محجن اباد‎ also Romanized as Mahjanābād and Mahjenābād) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Jonubi Rural District Kamfiruz District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2019 in 463 families.
 Kafoshan (Persian: كافشان‎ also Romanized as Kāfoshān; also known as Gāh Fashān Gāh Foshān Kāh Fashān and Kāpāsān) is a village in Zazeran Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1655 in 443 families.
 Plot of Fear (Italian: ...e tanta paura also known as Bloody Peanuts and Too Much Fear) is an Italian mystery-thriller movie directed in 1976 by Paolo Cavara. The movie also includes a well-known animated erotic insert directed by Gibba in which as said by Marco Giusti the great Gibba broke out in all kinds of sado-masochistic excess.
 The Secret of Annexe 3 is a crime novel by Colin Dexter the seventh novel in Inspector Morse series.The guests of Haworth Hotel rose late after New Year's Eve. But there was one exception the guest in Annexe 3 missed New Year's Day completely. He was still in his room lying dead on the blood-soaked bed. Inspector Morse began investigating each of the guests. Was Mrs.
 Duncan Lake is a man-made reservoir lake in the Kootenay region of British Columbia Canada formed by Duncan Dam and about 45 km in length. It is fed by the Duncan River which forms part of the boundary between the Selkirk Mountains to the west and the Purcell Mountains to the east. Below Duncan Dam is the head of Kootenay Lake.Prior to inundation there was a lake of shorter length at the same location also named Duncan Lake but also known as Upper Kootenay Lake or Upper Kootenai Lake.
 Microgobius is a genus of gobies native to the Pacific and Atlantic coasts of the Americas.
 Chain Reaction is the only album by Canadian band Luba featuring Luba Kowalchyk as vocalist. It was produced by Tony Green for his own label. The album contains songs in the early New Wave music style. It was made available on compact disc in 1996. Note that initially Luba was the name of the band and not Luba Kowalchyk's stage name. In 1982 Luba Kowalchyk was signed by Capitol Records as the artist Luba and the remaining members served as her backup band.
 Odostomia winkleyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Czamża [ˈt͡ʂamʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 René Couanau (born 10 July 1936) was a member of the National Assembly of France between 1888 and 2012. He represented the Ille-et-Vilaine department and was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.Since 1989 he is mayor of Saint-Malo the second largest city in Ille-et-Vilaine.[citation needed] but was defeated the 30th March 2014 by his former deputy major Claude Renoult.
 The Savoy Prealps (Préalpes de Savoie in French) are a mountain range in the north-western part of the Alps. They are located in Rhône-Alpes (south-eastern France) and marginally in Valais (western Switzerland). Savoy Prealps encompass northernmost area of the French Prealps.
 Cloud 9 is a 2014 American television film by Disney Channel Original Movie directed by Paul Hoen and written by Justin Ware Don D. Scott and Katie Wech. It stars Luke Benward Dove Cameron Kiersey Clemons and Mike C. Manning. The film follows an exhilarating story set in the world of competitive snowboarding. The first promo aired on November 29 2013 during the premiere of Good Luck Jessie: NYC Christmas. It was viewed by 4.96 million viewers during its original premiere.
 Via Christi Hospital (Pittsburg) (formerly known as Mt. Carmel Regional Medical Center) is a 188-bed hospital located in Pittsburg Kansas and operated by Via Christi Health.
 Gulshan-e-Sukhan (Garden of Poetry) is the first collection of poems by Pakistani poet Tanwir Phool. It was published in 1970.
 Ellam Avan Seyal is a 2008 Tamil film directed by Shaji Kailas. The film stars R. K. Ashish Vidyarthi Raghuvaran Roja Selvamani Bhama Manivannan Visu and Vadivelu in a modern day vigilante story.
 Kahriz-e Bid Sorkh (Persian: كهريزبيدسرخ‎ also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Bīd Sorkh; also known as Kahrīz) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 9 families.
 The Cărbunele Negru River (Hungarian: Fekete-Szén patak Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈfɛkɛtɛseːn pɒtɒk] meaning Black Coal stream) of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Petaloconchus mcgintyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vermetidae the worm snails or worm shells.
 Paratoxodera meggitti is a species of praying mantis found in China and Myanmar.
 The Zu Side Of The Chadbourne is the second album by the Italian band Zu which appear in Roy Paci on trumpet and Eugene Chadbourne on guitar.The titles of the songs are obvious parodies of famous rock songs like Lucy in the sky with diamonds or Stairway to Heaven. The first song is a tribute to John Coltrane and the last to Albert Ayler.
 Tõrise is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Yenice Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Mõisaküla Torgu Parish is a village in Torgu Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Aab-e hayat (Urdu: آبِ حیات lit. water of life) is a commentary (or tazkira) on Urdu poetry written by Muhammad Husain Azad in 1880. The book was described as canon-forming and the most often reprinted and most widely read Urdu book of the past century.Aab-e hayat became the single most influential source for both anecdotes and historical theories about Urdu poetry.
 Seis días para morir (Six Days to Die) is a 1966 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Edmund Emanuel Dell (15 August 1921 – 28 October 1999) was a British politician and businessman.
 Acrolophus goniocentra is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Wings from Above is a 2010 short comedy film directed by Pablo Herrera. It won the award for Best Film in Red Bull Art of Can 2010.
 Menecratistis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Gurkhaneh (Persian: گورخانه‎ also Romanized as Gūrkhāneh; also known as Kūrkhāneh) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 15 families.
 Alma grande (Great Soul) is a 1966 Mexican film based on a comic book created by Pedro Zapian (writer of the Chanoc stories) at the beginning of the sixties. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 The Residency holds significance for the people of Alice Springs as a tangible symbol of their brief legislative independence from the rest of the Northern Territory. It also provided a hub of social and cultural activities for the local residents.John Charles Cawood was appointed Government Resident of Central Australia in 1926 and was to be based at the capital Stuart (as Alice Springs was formerly known).The Residency was one of a type of house designed for an arid climate.
 Virbia parva is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Sud Kola (Persian: سودكلا‎ also Romanized as Sūd Kolā) is a village in Banaft Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 41 families.
 The Uzan is a left tributary of the Luy de Béarn in Uzan Pyrénées-Atlantiques in Southwestern France.It rises in the moor of Pont-Long in the north of Pau. It flows into the Luy de Béarn downstream from the Aïgue Longue.
 Mohitham is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2008.
 The Silver River Museum and Environmental Education Center is nature museum in Silver Springs State Park in Silver Springs Florida near Ocala. The museum is named after the Silver River which flows through the park.Marion County Public Schools operates the museum and center in cooperation with the Florida Park Service with both hosting educational events. The concept of the center dates back to 1987 and initial funding was provided through a Christa McAullife Fellowship.
 Pony is the debut and only album by the English psychedelic rock band Spratleys Japs. Released in 1998 on All My Eye And Betty Martin Music the album was a side-project of Cardiacs frontman Tim Smith and his then partner Joanne Spratley. Although other musicians are credited as playing on the album it is believed that this was part of an elaborate fictional conceit and that in fact Smith and Spratley were the only musicians to have been involved with the recording.
 Salvation Boulevard is a 2011 comedy-thriller film with religious satire undertones. It is based on the novel of the same name by Larry Beinhart.
 Ardooie Castle is a castle in Ardooie Belgium.
 EP002 is an EP by the alternative rock band thenewno2.
 The Lugoj River is a tributary of the Dudița River in Romania.
 Lake Rototuna is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Noises Off is a 1992 comedy film directed by Peter Bogdanovich. The screenplay by Marty Kaplan is based on the 1982 play of the same name by Michael Frayn.An ensemble cast includes Michael Caine Carol Burnett Christopher Reeve John Ritter Marilu Henner Nicollette Sheridan Julie Hagerty and Mark Linn-Baker.Also featured is the final performance of Denholm Elliott who died that same year.
 James Leonard Tagle Gordon (January 17 1917 - February 20 1967) was the first elected mayor of Olongapo City Philippines from December 30 1963 to February 20 1967. He was born on January 17 1917 of an American Marine father John Jacob Gordon and a Filipina mother Veronica Tagle y Bella.Unlike his four brothers who took American citizenship and lived in the United States he chose to stay in the Philippines as a Filipino citizen and raised his children as Filipino citizens.
 Tengers is a 2007 South African animated film written directed and produced by Michael J. Rix. It is the first full-length animation produced in South Africa and uses the claymation technique.The film is a satirical black comedy about life in post-Apartheid South Africa. Rix has said his intention was to make a film that was: Entertaining but not frivolous. Political but not preachy. Sophisticated but not alienating.
 Sicco Leendert Mansholt (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈsɪkoː ˈleːndərt ˈmɑnsɦɔlt]; 13 September 1908 – 29 June 1995) was a Dutch politician of the Social Democratic Workers' Party and Labour Party. He was the Dutch Minister of Agriculture Fishing and Food Supply (1945–1958) European Commissioner for Agriculture (1958–1972) and fourth President of the European Commission (1972–1973). He is one of the architects of the Common Agricultural Policy of the European Union.
 A Blood Pledge (Hangul: 여고괴담 5: 동반자살; RR: Yeogogoedam 5: dongbandjasal; also known as Whispering Corridors 5: A Blood Pledge and Suicide Pact) is a K-Horror film and the fifth installment of the Whispering Corridors series of South Korean horror films set in girls' high schools that began with 1998's film of the same name. Aside from the setting and overall themes it is unrelated to the other films in the series.
 Sobre(tudo) was a 2001 album by Sam the Kid. The first single released for this album was called Não Percebes. The album was re-released in 2005 in a special edition with tracks from Entre(tanto) included as bonus tracks. The re-release was called Sobre(tudo) (Special Edition).
 Denise Driehaus is a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives representing the 31st District since 2009.
 Scythris noricella is a moth of the Scythrididae family. It was described by Zeller in 1843. It has a Holarctic distribution. In Europe it is found on most of the continent except Ireland Great Britain the Netherlands Denmark the Iberian Peninsula the Baltic region and most of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 18–22 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.The larvae feed on Epilobium angustifolium.
 Charles Nagel (August 9 1849 – January 5 1940) was a United States politician and lawyer from St. Louis Missouri. He was Secretary of Commerce and Labor during President William Howard Taft's administration (1909–1913).
 The Belleville Jail (or Gaol) located in Belleville Ontario Canada was a maximum-security facility housing offenders awaiting trial sentencing transfer to federal and provincial correctional facilities immigration hearings or deportation and less frequently those serving short sentences (under 90 days).
 Wiembach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Sais is a Neotropical genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies named by Hübner in 1816. They are in the brush-footed butterfly family Nymphalidae.
 Paczków [ˈpat͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierutów within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Klarälven (The clear river in Swedish) is a river flowing through Norway and Sweden. Together with Göta älv which it is called as the river has passed through the lake Vänern thus regarded as an entity Göta älv-Klarälven is the longest river in Scandinavia and in the Nordic countries and its Swedish part the longest river of Sweden.
 For the mountain with the same name see Monte VelinoThe Velino ia a river in central Italy an affluent of the Nera river. Its source is located on Monte Pozzoni's slopes (1903 m) near Cittareale.
 Kageronia is a genus of mayflies in the family Heptageniidae.
 Mount Maude is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918 after Maude Major General Sir Frederick Stanley. Major General Maude was a British commander who captured Baghdad during World War 1. This mountain was first ascended in 1922 by G.R. Adams.
 Schistura kodaguensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Sylvia Tenney Allen (born April 2 1947) is an American politician from Arizona. A member of the Arizona State Senate until 2012 she is currently Supervisor for District III of Navajo County.An activist for the Snowflake Republican Party she was appointed to the State Senate following the death of Senator Jake Flake. She represented the 5th legislative district centering on Snowflake Arizona.Following her appointment she was elected in her own right later in 2008.
 Niwa [ˈɲiva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Arangadi is a village in the Kanhangad municipality of the Kasaragod district in the Indian state of Kerala. Arangadi is also known as Sithasook. It is 3km from Kanhangad. Arangadi is a predominantly Muslim area of Kanhangad.
 Joseph E. Woodworth (1837-1889) was a ship builder merchant and member of the Woodworth political family.
 Sir John Logan Campbell (3 November 1817 – 22 June 1912) was a prominent New Zealand public figure. He was the son of Doctor John Campbell and his wife Catherine. He was described by his contemporaries as the father of Auckland.
 Bieliny [bjɛˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Little Thompson River is a tributary of the Big Thompson River and thence the South Platte River in the U.S. state of Colorado.The river's headwaters lie in the Roosevelt National Forest. It flows east through the foothills of the Rocky Mountains in Larimer County through the town of Berthoud Colorado between Longmont to the south and Loveland to the north.
 Diary of Korean-Japanese War (Hangul: 난중일기; RR: Nanjung Ilgi) is a 1978 South Korean war drama film directed by Jang Il-ho. It was chosen as Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards.
 Tsai Ling-yi (Chinese: 蔡令怡; pinyin: Cài Lìngyí) is the current Second Lady of the Republic of China. She is the wife of Wu Den-yih the current Vice President of the Republic of China.
 G.I. Jane is a 1997 American dramatic action film directed by Ridley Scott produced by Largo Entertainment Scott Free Productions and Caravan Pictures distributed by Hollywood Pictures and starring Demi Moore Viggo Mortensen and Anne Bancroft. The film tells the fictional story of the first woman to undergo training in U.S. Navy Special Warfare Group.
 Uuno Epsanjassa (Uuno in Spain) is a Finnish 1985 comedy film directed by Ere Kokkonen. It is the tenth film in the Uuno Turhapuro series. It was seen by more than 600000 people in the theatres.
 Borek [ˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzezawa within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Rzezawa 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Bochnia and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1200.
 Where There's Smoke... is a 1979 album by Smokey Robinson released on Motown Records' Tamla label. It contains his Billboard Top ten pop hit single Cruisin'.
 The CTV Building was the headquarters of Canterbury Television (locally known as CTV) and other companies. Located in the Christchurch Central City on the corner of Cashel and Madras Streets it became one of the symbols of the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake. 115 people lost their lives when the CTV Building collapsed during the 2011 earthquake; more than half of the earthquake's total fatalities.
 Bury the Hatchet is the fourth studio album by Irish rock band The Cranberries released in 1999. In the US the album has sold 377000 copies as of April 2007 and received its Gold® RIAA certification on 2 June 1999.The album is the first album released by the band after their first hiatus which started 1996. Dolores had taken that time to heal from stress-induced diseases and also had her first child Taylor during this period.
 Old St. Peter's Church and Old Cemetery also known as St. Peter's Church of Cortlandt is a historic Episcopal church and cemetery at Oregon Road and Locust Avenue in Van Cortlandtville Westchester County New York. The church was built in 1766 and measures 28 feet by 36 feet. It is a wood frame building sheathed in clapboards and was restored in 1964. The nearby Elmsford Reformed Church was built in 1783 and is a close replica.
 Hérodote is a French language peer-reviewed academic journal covering geography and geopolitics. It was established in 1976 by Yves Lacoste. Hérodote is the French version of the name of the ancient Greek historian Herodotus.
 Loch Morar (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Mhòrair) is a freshwater loch in Morar Lochaber Highland Scotland. It is the fifth-largest loch in Scotland with a surface area of 26.7 km2 (10.3 sq mi) and the deepest freshwater body in the British Isles; with a maximum depth of 1017 ft (310 m) it is deeper than the height of The Shard in London.Loch Morar is of glacial origin with very steep sides and a length of 19 km (12 mi).
 The Northern Thallophaga (Thallophaga hyperborea) is a moth of the Geometridae family. The species can be found in British Columbia.The wingspan is 30–37 millimetres (1.2–1.5 in). The moths fly from April to May depending on the location.The larvae feed on Western Hemlock Douglas fir Red cedar and other Firs. The moth is also recorded on Willow and Alder as well as other Conifers.
 Winterthur Portfolio is an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press. The journal covers articles on the arts in the United States and the historical context within which they were developed. Interdisciplinary articles study art and artifacts in their cultural framework. The journal is sponsored by the Henry Francis DuPont Winterthur Museum.
 David Franklin Houston (February 17 1866 – September 2 1940) was an American academic businessman and politician. He served under President Wilson as the 5th Secretary of Agriculture.
 The Roosevelt Lodge Historic District comprises the area around the Roosevelt Lodge in the northern part of Yellowstone National Park near Tower Junction. The district includes 143 buildings ranging in size from cabins to the Lodge built beginning in 1919. The Lodge was first conceived as a field laboratory for students and educators conducting research in the park. It later became a camp for tourists specifically designed to accommodate automobile-borne tourists.
 Euphaedra cyparissa the True Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Côte d'Ivoire Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of drier forests and open wet forests or the edges of wet forests.The length of the forewings is 31–33 mm for males and about 40 mm for females.
 Oosterzee-Buren (West Frisian: Eastersee-Buorren) is a small village in Lemsterland in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 350 citizens (2004).nl:Oosterzee-Buren
 Sour Grapes is a 1998 American comedy film written and directed by Larry David.
 Le Più Belle Di is the first budget compilation album of the singer Alexia released in 2006 shortly before she left Sony. It is not regarded as an official Alexia hits compilation as it contains both singles and album tracks.
 J. B. Royce House and Farm Complex is a historic home and farm complex located at Berkshire in Tioga County New York. The house was built about 1829 in a vernacular Greek Revival style. About 1850 it was extensively altered with the construction of a higher more steeply pitched roof and an ell-shaped Gothic Revival style porch with Tudor-arched details.
 Phoenix is a 2006 film by American director Michael Akers his third feature film after Gone But Not Forgotten (2003) and Matrimonium (2005). The film was produced by Sandon Berg with Israel Ehrisman as co-producer and starred Chad Edward Bartley as Dylan Gaetano Jones as Kenneth Sparks and Jeff Castle as Demetrius Stone. The film was distributed by United Gay Network. This film was inspired by Michaelangelo Antonioni's film L'Avventura and obviously adds a gay twist.
 Otter Lake is located in the Township of Seguin (formerly Foley Township) in the District of Parry Sound Ontario Canada. Otter Lake was originally named 'Nigge-Cu-Bing' (Lake of Many Otters) by the original Native American inhabitants.The lake is easily recognizable because of its unique form. The Long Arm being a long narrow portion which goes to the east. The Little Long Arm protrudes to the west.
 Through the Fire is a 2005 documentary film. The film focuses on Sebastian Telfair as he goes through his senior year at Abraham Lincoln High School in New York City. Throughout the film Sebastian is faced with the choice between college in Louisville or making the jump from high school to the NBA.
 Funny Money is a farce written by Ray Cooney. It premièred at The Churchill Theatre Bromley London England in 1994 followed by a successful two-year run in the West End. Cooney directed his own play and also played the part of Henry Perkins. In 2006 the play was adapted into a movie starring Chevy Chase.
 Mind & Language is a peer-reviewed academic journal published five times a year by Wiley-Blackwell. It covers research in the study of mind and language primarily from the fields of linguistics philosophy psychology artificial intelligence and cognitive anthropology. The editor-in-chief is Samuel Guttenplan.
 Sengskroken Church (Norwegian: Sengskroken kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county Norway. It is located on the western coast of the island of Vanna (also known as Vannøya). The church is part of the Karlsøy parish in the Tromsø arch-deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.The white wooden chapel was built in 1962 and it seats about 225 people. The chapel was consecrated on 2 September 1962 by the Bishop Monrad Norderval.
 Num-Heavymetallic is the fourth and final album by Japanese indie rock band Number Girl. It is produced by Dave Fridmann who also produced the band's preceding album Sappukei. In September 2002 just months after the release of the album the band broke up.
 Nojasan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 565 metres.
 Woodie W. Salmon (born August 13 1952) was a Democratic member of the Alaska House of Representatives representing the 6th District from 2005 to 2011.
 The Revolution Will Not Be Microwaved: Inside America's Underground Food Movements is a 2003 book by food activist Sandor Katz that examines how contemporary food production differs drastically from our recent past. The author challenges the corporate food industry as well as the way we think about food. He suggests how traditional cultural practices of sustainable agriculture might subvert the corporate farm system.
 The Hunt House formerly the Dunham–Hunt Museum is a Registered Historic Place credited as being the oldest brick residence in St. Charles Illinois.
 The Joseph Lothrop House is a historic house at 208 Turnpike Road in Westborough Massachusetts. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as being in the Shrewsbury vicinity but Massachusetts cultural inventory identifies its location in Westborough.The Federal style house was built in 1825 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Sin Vergüenza is the third studio album recorded by Bacilos released on September 28 2004. The album won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Pop Album by a Duo or Group with Vocals.
 Iglesia de San Jorge (Manzaneda) is a church in Asturias Spain. It was established in the late 12th century.
 The Stand Up is a 2011 American comedy/drama film written and directed by David Wexler and stars Jonathan Sollis Margarita Levieva Arija Bareikis and Aidan Quinn.
 What They Always Tell Us is the first novel by Martin Wilson focusing on the relationship between two high school age brothers as one begins to embrace his homosexuality. The book was a finalist in the Children's/Young Adult category at the 2009 Lambda Literary Awards but lost to Out of the Pocket by Bill Konigsberg. What They Always Tell Us was also chosen for the ALA's 2009 Rainbow List.
 Milliken Creek is an 11.9-mile-long (19.2 km) stream in Napa County California that is tributary to the Napa River. There are approximately 7300 acres (3000 ha) in this watershed of which 90 acres (36 ha) are developed as vineyards. Milliken Creek rises on the western slopes of the east side of the Napa Valley and flows through the Silverado Country Club property.
 Metropol is the debut album of UK big beat group Lunatic Calm.The song Leave You Far Behind is used in The Matrix Mortal Kombat Annihilation Test Drive 6 Motorstorm Drive and an early teaser trailer for Spider-Man.
 Spell My Name Right: The Album is the debut studio album by East Coast hip hop producer Statik Selektah. The album was released on November 6 2007. The album features guest appearances from DJ Premier Termanology Styles P Q-Tip Talib Kweli Consequence Joell Ortiz Kool G Rap Sheek Louch Freeway Cassidy DJ Khaled Red Café Mims Uncle Murda Jadakiss Royce da 5'9 Cormega Reks Doug E.
 House Party is a 1975 album released by the American R&B vocal group the Temptations on Motown Records' Gordy label.
 Reverend Sir Keith Douglas Seaman KCVO OBE (11 June 1920 – 30 June 2013) was Governor of South Australia from 1 September 1977 until 28 March 1982. He was the second successive governor to have been a minister of religion Seaman being a minister in then recently merged Uniting Church in Australia. He was born in McLaren Vale in 1920.Seaman's term as governor was not without controversy. On 24 February 1978 The Advertiser reported that he was about to be dismissed.
 Shoot the Moon: The Essential Collection is a greatest hits album by the punk band Face to Face. It was released on November 15 2005 a year after the band had dissolved. It features songs from all of the band's albums except for Ignorance is Bliss and their cover album Standards & Practices.
 Stammheim - Die Baader-Meinhof-Gruppe vor Gericht (Stammheim - The Baader-Meinhof Gang On Trial) is a 1986 West German film directed by Reinhard Hauff. It tells the story of the trial in the court of Stammheim Prison of the Baader-Meinhof Group of left-wing terrorists.
 Haro is the name of a river that flows through parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Punjab its valley in Abbottabad District in the North West Frontier Province of northern Pakistan identified with the Rigvedic Arjikiya. Its coordinates are 33°46'8 N and 72°14'43 E in DMS (Degrees Minutes Seconds) or 33.7689 and 72.2453 (in decimal degrees). Famous Khanpur Dam has been built on this river at Khanpur in the Haripur District to provide drinking water to the twin cities i.e.
 Keangnam Hanoi Landmark Tower (or Keangnam Landmark 72) is a supertall skyscraper in Pham Hung Boulevard Từ Liêm District Hanoi Vietnam. The area is reserved for major companies to set up their headquarters there such as KPMG Standard Chartered Bank PWC LG Electronics and so on. The complex consists of one 72-story office tower with the height of 350 m and two 48-storey residence towers.
 Dorcadion ciscaucasicum is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily.
 Seolheulsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an altitude of 488 metres.
 The Famous Woman (German:Die berühmte Frau) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Lili Damita Fred Solm and Warwick Ward. It was based on the play Die Tänzerin by Melchior Lengyel who also wrote the film's screenplay. While performing in Barcelona a dancer falls in love with a Spanish aristocrat. He proposes marriage to her providing she give up her profession. She agrees and the wedding preparations begin.
 William Franklin Lovebird Allen (January 19 1883 – June 14 1946) was an American businessman and politician. He was a Democratic member of the Delaware General Assembly and the United States House of Representatives.
 Joan Lestor Baroness Lestor of Eccles (13 November 1931 – 27 March 1998) was a British Labour politician.Lestor was educated at Blaenavon Secondary School Monmouth; William Morris High School Walthamstow and the University of London. She became a nursery school teacher and a member of the Socialist Party of Great Britain but resigned from the latter over the Turner Controversy.
 Cornelis Johannes Marius Nagtglas (16 May 1814 – 19 January 1897) was a Dutch politician and civil servant who made a career in the administration on the Dutch Gold Coast. After originally beginning his career at the rather advanced age of 36 he was promoted through the ranks to eventually become Governor of the Dutch Gold Coast in 1858. He retired to the Netherlands in 1862 but returned to the Gold Coast as governor in 1869 to restore order in the embattled colony.
 The Othain is a 67 km (42 mi) long river in the Meurthe-et-Moselle and Meuse départements northeastern France. Its source is at Gondrecourt-Aix in the Woëvre. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Chiers into which it flows between Villécloye and Montmédy.
 Col. General Ihor P. Smeshko (born 1955) served as the head of the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) from 2003 to 2005 where he was instrumental in preventing the fraudulent ascension of Viktor Yanukovich and shepherding the Orange Revolution to a peaceful conclusion. In 2010 he entered politics with the Ukrainian Strength and Honor (SICH) party which he formed with several former security and intelligence officials.
 Mathew T Thomas (born 27 September 1961) is an Indian politician who is currently the State President and Legislature Party Leader of the Janata Dal (Secular) He was the Minister of Transport for Kerala from May 2006 to August 2009 in the LDF ministry led by V.S. Achuthanandan.
 The Trout (French: La Truite) is a 1982 French drama film directed by Joseph Losey based on the novel by Roger Vailland and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 The Old Eau Gallie Post Office is a historic U.S. building located at 1596 Highland Avenue in the Eau Gallie section of Melbourne Florida. The building was constructed in 1890s of rusticated block and was used as a post office from 1900-1925.
 Makar (Persian: مكار‎ also Romanized as Makār) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 32 families.
 The Indian Industrial School at Genoa Nebraska was the fourth non-reservation boarding institution established by the Office of Indian Affairs. The facility was completed in 1884 and operated until 1934. Now restored it is owned and operated by a foundation as the Genoa U.S. Indian School Museum. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Lake Sapanca (Turkish: Sapanca Gölü) is a fresh water lake in Turkey between the Gulf of İzmit and the Adapazarı Meadow.
 The Turin City Museum of Ancient Art (Italian: Museo civico d'arte antica) is a museum located in the Palazzo Madama palace in Turin northern Italy. The museum has a rare collection of artifacts from Gandhara coming from the Italian excavations of the IsMEO at the Butkara Stupa in Pakistan as well as paintings from the medieval Renaissance and Baroque periods. It was reopened in 2006 after several years of restorations.
 We the Animals (2011) is the debut novel by the American author Justin Torres. It is a bildungsroman about three wild brothers of white and Puerto Rican parentage who live a rough and tumble childhood in rural upstate New York. The youngest brother who is the protagonist eventually breaks away from the rest of the family.
 The John Ward House at 184 Ward Street in Newton Massachusetts is a Federal style house. It was deemed eligible for listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 but its owner objected to the listing.The house is a circa 1805 house built in Federal style on a 18752-square-foot (1742.1 m2) lot.The house has a square plan with five bays on each side.
 The Millicoma River is a coast stream about 8.5 miles (13.7 km) long east of Coos Bay in the U.S. state of Oregon. Formed by the confluence of the East Fork Millicoma River and the West Fork Millicoma River at Allegany it meanders across relatively flat land to meet the South Fork Coos River with which it forms the Coos River.Oregon Route 241 (Coos River Highway) runs along the right bank of the river from Allegany to the mouth.
 American Blues 'Is Here' is a studio album by the psychedelic blues-rock band American Blues. The album is sometimes referred to as simply American Blues or Is Here.
 The Peki’in Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת העתיק בפקיעין) located in the centre of Peki'in Northern Israel is said to have built into its walls two stones taken from the walls of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem. The structure was extensively renovated in 1873 and some of it is said to date from the era of Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai around the 3rd-4th century CE. Funding for the construction attested to on a plaque commemorating the donation was given by a Jew named Rafael Halevy from Beirut.
 Eupithecia biumbrata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.
 Denver Place is an office complex in Denver Colorado comprising the North and South Towers Terraces and the Granite Tower. It is Colorado's largest commercial office property. Denver Place South Tower is the tallest building of the complex. It is 416 feet (127 m) tall has 34 floors and was completed in 1981.The Denver Place complex is located in the downtown area of Denver Colorado and mostly consists of four high-rise buildings spanning two city blocks.
 Euphaedra dargeana Darge’s Ceres Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Gabon and possibly the northern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Adam Graham Giles (born 10 April 1973) is an Australian politician who became the Chief Minister of the Northern Territory in March 2013. He became a Country Liberal Party (CLP) member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly in 2008 representing the electorate of Braitling and became Chief Minister in March 2013 when he ousted Chief Minister Terry Mills as party leader. Giles is Australia's first Indigenous head of government.
 Curalium cronini a true bug is the sole member of the insect family Curaliidae.
 Richard A. Peddie (born January 1947 in Windsor Ontario) is a former President and CEO of Maple Leafs Sports and Entertainment.
 Mindoro Cut is a cut in the Town of Farmington in La Crosse County Wisconsin which carries Wisconsin Highway 108 through Phillips Ridge linking Mindoro with West Salem. The cut is 74 feet (23 m) deep 86 feet (26 m) long and 25 feet (7.6 m) wide; it is the second-deepest cut built by hand in the Western Hemisphere and the oldest functional cut which has not been improved upon. Work on the cut began in 1907 and concluded in 1908; the project was completed primarily with hand tools.
 The Toblacher See (Italian: Lago di Dobbiaco; German: Toblacher See) is a lake in the municipality of Toblach in South Tyrol Italy.
 Polje Višnjica is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The John H. Nichols House is a historic house in downtown Wapakoneta Ohio United States. Built in 1865 it is Wapakoneta's oldest example of the Greek Revival style of architecture. Among its leading features are a three-bay facade with a prominent gable large entablature and cornices under the roof several large windows on the front and sides and a trabeated entryway framed by several sidelights and a transom supported by two brackets.
 Sherman's Way is a comedy-drama independent film starring James LeGros Enrico Colantoni Lacey Chabert Donna Murphy Brooke Nevin and Michael Shulman. The film was directed by Craig Saavedra written by Thomas R. Nance and produced by Starry Night Entertainment. Sherman's Way completed principal photography in 2007 and was shot in Manhattan New York Clear Lake California and Los Angeles California.
 Seeweidsee is a lake in the municipality of Hombrechtikon in the Canton of Zurich Switzerland. Its surface area is 1.2 ha.
 Caffé Opera is a noted Italian restaurant in Antigua Guatemala Guatemala. It is located at 6a Av. Norte #17.The restaurant began as an expensive espresso bar but in recent years it has grown into a restaurant serving fine Italian cuisine. The restaurant is known for its pasta dishes traditional panini and tenderloin with arugula or rabbit in red wine sauce.The restaurant serves wine and espresso and cappuccino. It also has a cheese counter and an assortment of cookies.
 3 Natsu Natsu Mini Berryz (③夏夏ミニベリーズ San Natsu Natsu Mini Berīzu 3: Summer Summer Mini Berryz) is the third studio album(a mini-album) by the Japanese girl group Berryz Koubou. It was released in Japan on July 5 2006. It's the group's third studio album(Although this is a mini album) fourth non-single release and fifteenth audio release overall.3 Natsu Natsu Mini Berryz is a concept album with a summer theme.
 The Japca Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Japca) is a monastery in Florești District Moldova. The Japca Monastery is situated on the shore of Nistru River at the distance of 10 km from Camenca. It is the only monastery from Basarabia which was never closed by the Soviet authorities.
 Red Rocks Park is a mountain park in Jefferson County Colorado owned and maintained by the city of Denver as part of the Denver Mountain Parks system. The park is known for its very large red sandstone outcrops. Many of these rock formations within the park have names from the mushroom-shaped Seat of Pluto to the inclined Cave of the Seven Ladders.
 Çanakçılar is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 142 people.
 The Forbidden Quest is a 1993 mockumentary written and directed by Peter Delpeut. The film won the 1994 International Fantasy Film Special Jury Award at the Fantasporto (aka Festival Internacional de Cinema do Porto) in Portugal. The film won the 1993 Special Jury Prize at the Nederlands Film Festival (aka Nederlandse Filmdagen) It was released in Netherlands theaters on April 8 1993.
 Major General Richard Vernon Secord Retired (born July 6 1932) is a United States Air Force officer convicted for his involvement with the Iran-Contra scandal. He was exonerated after a 1990 Supreme Court case found the statute used to be illegal.In 2002 retired General Secord was named CEO and Chairman of the Board at Computerized Thermal Imaging. He has since retired and now serves as president of the Air Commando Association a Florida based charity.
 Sienno [ˈɕennɔ] is a village in Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sienno. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Lipsko and 130 km (81 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1000.
 Sir Richard Geoffrey James Ottaway PC (born 24 May 1945) is a British Conservative politician Member of Parliament for Croydon South since 1992. He was previously MP for Nottingham North (1983–87).
 The Women on the Roof (Swedish: Kvinnorna på taket) is a 1989 Swedish film written and directed by Carl-Gustav Nykvist. It stars Amanda Ooms and Helena Bergström. It was entered into the 1989 Cannes Film Festival. At the 25th Guldbagge Awards Stellan Skarsgård won the award for Best Actor.
 Veselé is a village and municipality in Piešťany District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia.
 Sefid Sangan (Persian: سفيدسنگان‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Sangān; also known as Sefīd Sangān-e Lemīr) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 462 in 99 families.
 Dehdaq (Persian: دهدق‎ also Romanized as Deh Daq; also known as Dāhdak Dehdagh and Dehdak) is a village in Bidak Rural District in the Central District of Abadeh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 746 in 204 families.
 Zakrzów [ˈzakʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oksa within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Oksa 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Jędrzejów and 37 km (23 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 280.
 Daniel D. Dan Sutton is a Democratic member of the South Dakota Senate representing the 8th district since 2001. He is currently Minority Whip. Earlier he was a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from 1999 through 2000.
 Journalism & Communication Monographs is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the fields of journalism and mass communication. The editor-in-chief is Paul Lester (California State University). It was established in 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Association for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication.
 Shahrak-e Sadat Gach Baland (Persian: شهرك سادات گچ بلند‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Sādāt Gach Boland) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 612 in 114 families.
 Robert P. Ravenstahl (born December 31 1924) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.His grandson Luke Ravenstahl is the current Mayor of Pittsburgh.
 Gongylus gongylodes also known as the wandering violin mantis Ornate mantis or Indian rose mantis is an insect of the order Mantodea. This is one of the more bizarre looking mantises. Characterized by extremely slender limbs with large appendages. It is not a particularly aggressive species and often kept as a pet by hobbyists. It feeds primarily on flying insects. Its native range is in southern India and Sri Lanka. It can reach sizes of up to 11 cm.
 Coptobrycon bilineatus is a species of characin endemic to Brazil where it is found in the upper Tietê River basin. It is the only member of its genus. It is found in freshwater environments at benthopelagic depths. This species is native to a tropical climate.C. bilineatus grows to 4.1 cm (1.6 in) in length as an unsexed male. It is distributed in the Upper Tietê River basin.
 Branch Lake is a lake in Haliburton County Ontario Canada in the southern extension of Algonquin Park. The York River flows into and exits from the lake. The North York River joins the York River at the lake.
 Moss Brook is a watercourse in Rochdale Greater Manchester and a tributary of the River Roch. It originates in Newbold and flows Northwards to join the River Roch. The majority of the brook is now culverted.
 Kupa is a small river in northern Lithuania tributary to the Lėvuo River. At first it flows to north but then near Juodupė town turns to the west. It flows through Kupiškis; the name of the city originated from name of the river.
 St. Andrew Cathedral officially known as The Cathedral Parish of St. Andrew is one of the oldest churches in the Philippines. It was established in 1580 by Spanish Augustinian friars. The church is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Parañaque the local church that comprises Parañaque City Muntinlupa City and Las Piñas City.
 The Marble Dagger Moth (Acronicta marmorata) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widespread in the Pacific West of North America including British Columbia Oregon and Washington.The wingspan is about 43 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on oak species including white oak.
 Karaf Mahalleh (Persian: كرفمحله‎ also Romanized as Karaf Maḩalleh) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 270 in 86 families.
 My Favorite Carrera (彼女のカレラ Kanojo no Karera) is a manga by Kia Asamiya. It was serialized on Weekly Playboy since 2004 then switched to the related website Shū Play News in 2011 and is currently running in Gentosha's Comic Birz since 2013 as Kanojo no Karera RS.
 Philoscia muscorum the common striped woodlouse or fast woodlouse is a common European woodlouse. It is widespread in Europe the British Isles and is found from southern Scandinavia to the Ukraine and Greece. It has also spread to Washington and many states in New England as well as Nova Scotia.
 No Regrets released August 24 2004 is a solo album by Sister Hazel's rhythm guitarist and background singer Andrew Copeland.
 On the Fritz is the title of the third release and second full-length album by singer-songwriter Steve Taylor.
 Saint Paul's Church Chapel and Parish House is a historic place at 15 and 27 Saint Paul Street and 104 Aspinwall Avenue in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1851 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Raid Peak (12537 feet (3821 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The mountain is in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest 1.25 mi (2.01 km) west of the Continental Divide and .85 mi (1.37 km) south of Mount Bonneville.
 War and Remembrance is a novel by Herman Wouk published in 1978 which is the sequel to The Winds of War. It continues the story of the extended Henry family and the Jastrow family starting on 15 December 1941 and ending on 6 August 1945. This novel was adapted into the mini-series War and Remembrance presented on American television in 1988. Wouk was the screenwriter as well as the author of the original book.
 Naruto Shippuden the Movie: The Lost Tower (劇場版 NARUTO-ナルト-疾風伝 ザ・ロストタワー Gekijōban Naruto Shippūden: Za Rosuto Tawā) is the seventh overall Naruto film and the fourth Naruto Shippūden film. It was released on July 31 2010 with advance ticket sale events having been scheduled for April 17 and June 19. The DVD version of the movie was released on April 27 2011.
 Opanara is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 Amselia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Jeff Cragg (born February 18 1961) is a Delaware businessman and politician. A Republican he announced his candidacy for the Governor of Delaware in the 2012 elections. Running unopposed in the primary he lost the general election to incumbent Governor Jack Markell.
 Shiyue (Chinese: 十月; Mandarin: [ʂɨ ɥy̯œ]) is one of the most prominent Chinese literary magazines. It was established in August 1978 as a quarterly periodical in Beijing. Since 1980 Shiyue is published as a bimonthly magazine.
 State Youth Remand Centre - Rangeview is an Australian juvenile remand prison facility for between 10 and 18 years located at Murdoch Western Australia. The prison is primarily used for the detention of juveniles held in custody awaiting trial. The detainees have access to a variety of activities and educational programs. Detainees aged 17 and under must attend school.
 Hoseynabad-e Nasi (Persian: حسين ابادناسي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Nāsī; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Nīāzmandī) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Breathing Lessons is a 1988 novel by American author Anne Tyler. It is her eleventh book.
 Seealpsee is a lake in the Alpstein range of the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden Switzerland. At an elevation of 1143.2 m the surface area is 13.6 hectares. The lake can be reached by foot from Wasserauen or from Ebenalp. A network of routes around Ebenalp connects Seealpsee with other notable sights in the Appenzell Alps such as the Wildkirchli and Säntis. The Berggasthaus Forelle am Seealpsee with a large open air terrace dominates the western end of the lake.
 We Are the Only Friends We Have is a studio album released by the North American rock band Piebald.
 Winn Correctional Center is a state prison for men part of the Louisiana Department of Corrections prison system located about 10 miles southeast of Winnfield in Winn Parish Louisiana. As of February 2014 Winn is one of several privately operated prisons in the state. The facility is medium-security and currently houses 1538 inmates. Opened in 1990 it was expanded in 1992.Winn opened as the first privately managed medium-security prison in the United States.
 The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is a 2004 American traditional animated adventure comedy film based on the Nickelodeon television series SpongeBob SquarePants. The film was directed and produced by series creator Stephen Hillenburg with the television cast (Tom Kenny Bill Fagerbakke Clancy Brown Rodger Bumpass and Mr. Lawrence) and guest performances by Scarlett Johansson Jeffrey Tambor Alec Baldwin and David Hasselhoff.
 The Champ is a Sonny Stitt album recorded at RCA's Studio B on April 18 1973.
 The Usa is a river that is 34 km (21 miles) long in Hesse Germany. It is right tributary of the Wetter which it joins at the outskirts of Friedberg. The principal towns along the river are Usingen Bad Nauheim and Friedberg.
 Krągłe [ˈkrɔnɡwɛ] (formerly German Bernsdorf Neustettin within Landkreis Neustettin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Victor R. Ramirez (born July 20 1974) is the current State Senator for District 47 in Prince George's County Maryland. He was born in San Salvador El Salvador in 1974. His family soon after moved to the United States and he lived in Mount Rainier Maryland.
 Crossidius punctatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by LeConte in 1863.
 Slieve-na-Aura also known as Slieveanorra is a 1676 feet (511 m) high mountain in County Antrim Northern Ireland.
 Ooruku Nooruper (sometimes Oorukku Nooruper; A Hundred Voices for a Cause) is a 2001 Tamil film by film editor B. Lenin. The screenplay was based on a 1979 novel of the same name by Jayakanthan.
 Ortholfersia are genus of biting flies in the family of louse flies Hippoboscidae. There are 4 known species. All species are parasites of macropods.
 A Doctor's Report on Dianetics: Theory and Therapy is a non-fiction book analyzing Dianetics. The book was authored by Joseph Augustus Winter M.D. with an introduction by Frederick Perls M.D. Ph.D.The book was first published in hardcover by Julian Messner in 1951 and published again in 1987 by Crown Publishing Group. The work was the first book published that was critical of L. Ron Hubbard.
 You've Got to Walk It Like You Talk It or You'll Lose That Beat is a 1971 comedy-drama film directed by Peter Locke. It involves a young hippie and his search for the meaning of life while in Central Park. Its soundtrack is notable as being some of the earliest released music by Donald Fagen and Walter Becker the duo who later formed the core of the group Steely Dan.
 Beyond the Last Mountain (1976) is a Pakistani English language film directed and written by Javed Jabbar. Pakistan’s first and only English language film which was shown at the first Bombay International Film Festival in 1976. It was also released in Urdu version with title Musafir.
 The Charles Williams Jr. House built in 1858 is a historic house at 1 Arlington Street in Somerville Massachusetts. Charles Williams Jr. was a manufacturer of electrical telegraph instruments at 109 Court Street in Boston. Alexander Graham Bell and Thomas A. Watson experimented with the telephone in Williams' shop and it was there that they first heard indistinct sounds transmitted on June 2 1875.
 Shareh (Persian: شاره‎ also Romanized as Shāreh) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 844 in 204 families.
 Leo Maury Gordon (born 1952) is a Judge for the United States Court of International Trade.
 Lenadora is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Spegeldammen (Swedish: Mirror Pond) is a small lake at Norra Djurgården in north-eastern central Stockholm Sweden. It is one of six lakes in Djurgården the others being Lillsjön Uggleviken Isbladskärret Laduviken and Lappkärret.Located in the national city park Ekoparken Spegeldammen is considered of great recreational value and forms part of a proposed nature reserve.
 Alakël Kyrykly is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 The Town Hall in Słupsk was built in 1901 when the town was known as Stolp and was a part of the Prussian Province of Pomerania within the German Empire. In 1945 the city became part of Poland under the name of Słupsk. The town hall is listed in a group of monuments protected by law. Neogothic monument of 1901 the office of municipal authorities. The guildhall tower may be accessed by visitors since 2003. In the tower there is a collection of portraits of Mayors and Presidents.
 Rui Gonçalves da Câmara (c.1550 - c.1601) member of the Gonçalves da Câmara was son of Manuel da Câmara and succeeded him as the 4th Donatary Captain of the island of São Miguel but was recognized predominately in his role as the 1st Count of Vila Franca during the Philippine Dynasty.
 Period of Adjustment is a 1962 American film comedy-drama directed by George Roy Hill his first feature-length film based on the play of the same name by Tennessee Williams.
 The Maui News is a Wailuku Hawaii based daily newspaper covering the islands of Maui Lanai and Molokai. The Maui News began publication on February 17 1900. Henry Perrine Baldwin became an owner of the News in 1905. The Maui News was sold to Ogden Newspapers by Baldwin's descendants on February 1 2000.
 Clomantagh Hill (Irish: Cnoc na Cloiche Mantaí) is a mountain in County Kilkenny Ireland. Its name means Hill of the gapped stone. At 349 metres (1115 ft) it is the third highest summit in Kilkenny behind Brandon Hill and Coppanagh and is the second highest mountain in the Slieveardagh Hills after Knocknamuck. It is the 906th highest summit in Ireland.
 Winter Light is an out-of-print album by American singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt released in late 1993. Although it sold fewer than 300000 copies in the United States it stands as one of Linda's most acclaimed albums.
 Zaborze [zaˈbɔʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oświęcim within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Oświęcim and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2464.
 Plesiolepidotus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Big Kenny's Love Everybody Traveling Musical Medicine Show Mix Tape Vol. 1 is the third solo album by American country music artist Big Kenny one-half of the duo Big & Rich. It was released in 2010 via Big Kenny's own Love Everybody label and sold exclusively through BigKenny.TV and BigSouthMusic.com. The album is only available as a CD and was released as a tie-in to Kenny's Love Everybody Musical Medicine Show tour.
 The Pierhead Building (Welsh: Adeilad y Pierhead) is a Grade 1 listed building of the National Assembly for Wales in Cardiff Bay Wales. It stands as one of the city of Cardiff's most familiar landmarks and was built in 1897 as the headquarters for the Bute Dock Company. The clock on the building is unofficially known as the Baby Big Ben or the Big Ben of Wales and also serves as a Welsh history museum.
 The House of Morecock is a gay pornographic adult cartoon created though computer-generated animation. It was the first American made gay adult animation. It was created by Joe Phillips a comic book artist and freelance illustrator who has created art for companies such as DC Comics Dark Horse Comics and Bud Lite.
 Shahrak-e Ghadir (Persian: شهرك غدير‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Ghadīr) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1016 in 210 families.
 Ask Me No Questions is a novel by Marina Budhos published by Scholastic in 2007. It covers the trials and turmoil a family of Bangladeshi immigrants face after the September 11th attacks.Marina Budhos is an award winning author for early learning and women's struggles.
 We Have Cause to Be Uneasy is the first and final full-length album by American indie rock band Wild Sweet Orange and was released on July 29 2008 available on CD Vinyl and via iTunes. Canvasback Music's website posted the track listing of the album We Have Cause to Be Uneasy is the title of the fifth chapter in C.S. Lewis' book Mere Christianity.
 Columbia Daily Spectator is the daily student newspaper of Columbia University. It is published at 112th and Broadway in New York New York. Founded in 1877 it is the oldest continuously operating college news daily in the nation after The Harvard Crimson and has been legally independent of the university since 1962. It is printed weekdays during the academic term.
 Exotica is the eighth studio album released by the British female vocal duo Bananarama. This is Bananarama's third album as a duo and was produced by Pascal Caubet and issued only in France in 2001 on the M6 Interactions label. The work is a combination of new compositions along with re-recordings of past Bananarama hits including a Latin pop version of the U.S.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Craig yr Allt is a hill in South Wales overlooking Caerphilly to the east and the villages of Nantgarw and Taff's Well to the west. The Taff Ely Ridgeway Walk passes over the hill.
 Virginia Lee Aveni (née Baldwin; October 5 1933) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.Aveni held degrees from the University of Redlands and the University of Arizona and studied at Cleveland State University.
 The Cry for Myth (1991) is a book by the American existential psychologist Rollo May in which he proposes that modern people need myths to make sense of their lives and that without myth they are prey to anxiety and addiction.The book explores numerous myths from Classical Greece through to twentieth century writers and shows their relevance to the personal existential dilemmas of today. The book is divided into the following four parts:
 For other meanings see St Martin-in-the-Fields (disambiguation).St Martin-in-the-Fields is an English Anglican church at the north-east corner of Trafalgar Square in the City of Westminster London. It is dedicated to Saint Martin of Tours. There has been a church on the site since the medieval period. The present building was constructed in a Neoclassical design by James Gibbs in 1722–1724.
 Majoor Frans is a 1916 Dutch silent drama film directed by Maurits Binger.
 I Am is the third studio album by German pop trio Monrose released by Starwatch Music and the Warner Music Group on 26 September 2008 (see 2008 in music) in German-speaking Europe and 29 September 2008 in Poland.
 Victoria the Great is a 1937 British historical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle Anton Walbrook and Walter Rilla. The film biography of Queen Victoria concentrating initially on the early years of her reign with her marriage to Prince Albert and her subsequent rule after Albert's death in 1861. The film was released in the year of King George VI's coronation and was also a hundred years after Victoria's own accession to the throne.
 Mark Stone is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly. He is a Democrat representing the 29th district encompassing parts of the northern Central Coast (California). Prior to being elected to the state assembly he was a Santa Cruz County supervisor.
 Qaleh-ye Now-e Kavar (Persian: قلعه نوكوار‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Now-e Kavār and Qal‘eh Now-e Kavār; also known as Ghal‘eh Now Kawar Qal‘eh Now and Qal‘eh-ye Now) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 55 families.
 Pieces in a Modern Style is the sixth album by electronic instrumentalist William Orbit. He is credited as arranger programmer producer and performer of the album. It was released in 2000 by WEA and Warner Music UK in Europe and Maverick Records in the United States.
 Men of the Lightship is a short propaganda film produced by the Crown Film Unit for the British Ministry of Information in 1940 the year after the beginning of the Second World War. It dramatises the bombing of the East Dudgeon lightship by the Luftwaffe on 29 January 1940 and was designed to portray Germany as a barbaric enemy. An opening narration explains the traditional understanding of lightships (stationary ships used as lighthouses) as neutral vessels during war.
 Rouville Beaudry (August 26 1904 – May 14 1997) was a Canadian politician active in Quebec. He was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec (MLA).
 The lesser grison (Galictis cuja) is a species of mustelid from South America.
 Sir Visto (1892–1914) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1894 to 1896 he ran thirteen times and won three races. As a three-year-old in the 1895 he won both the Epsom Derby and the St Leger at Doncaster. He failed to win in six subsequent races and was retired to stud at the end of the 1896 season.
 The Screaming Shadow was a 1920 American action film serial directed by Ben F. Wilson and Duke Worne. The film is considered to be lost.
 SITE Santa Fe (often referred to simply as SITE) is a non-profit contemporary arts organization based in Santa Fe New Mexico. Since its founding SITE Santa Fe has gained worldwide recognition through a series of biennial exhibitions that have featured numerous famous artists. These exhibits have attracted thousands of visitors from all around the world.
 The Work and the Glory: American Zion is the sequel to the 2004 film The Work and the Glory and continues the struggle of the Steed family's conversion to the then new Mormon religion. The film also explores the family's relationship with their community and its founder Joseph Smith.This movie is based on Like a Fire Is Burning the second novel by Gerald N. Lund in the nine-part Work and the Glory series.[citation needed]
 30 hari mencari cinta (roughly translated as Looking For Love in 30 Days) is a 2004 Indonesian romantic comedy film drama directed by Upi Avianto and starring Maria Agnes. Music for the film was composed by Andi Rianto.
 The Reporter is the local newspaper based out of Lansdale Pennsylvania owned by Journal Register Company. It primarily serves the communities in the North Penn and Souderton Area School Districts including Lansdale Borough Montgomery Township Hatfield Township Hatfield Borough North Wales Borough Towamencin Township Skippack Township Souderton Borough Telford Borough and other municipalities in northwest suburban Montgomery County in southeast Pennsylvania.
 Euphaedra ferruginea the Ferruginous Orange Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.
 Lamoria pachylepidella is a species of snout moths in the genus Lamoria. It was described by Ragonot in 1901. It is found in Australia including Queensland.
 The Keweenaw Waterway is a partly natural partly artificial waterway which cuts across the Keweenaw Peninsula of Michigan; it separates Copper Island from the mainland. Parts of the waterway are variously known as the Keweenaw Waterway Portage Canal Portage Lake Canal Portage River Lily Pond Torch Lake and Portage Lake.
 Agelasticus is a genus of bird in the Icteridae family. It contains the following species: Pale-eyed Blackbird (Agelasticus xanthophthalmus) Yellow-winged Blackbird (Agelasticus thilius) Unicoloured Blackbird (Agelasticus cyanopus)
 Hidden Universe 3D is a 2013 Australian documentary written and directed by Russell Scott. The film is narrated by Golden Globe winner Miranda Richardson and was released to IMAX 3D theaters in 2013.
 The Belciugatele River is a tributary of the Mostiştea River in Romania.
 Los Tarantos is a 1963 Spanish musical drama film directed by Francisco Rovira Beleta. It was nominated for an Academy Award in the Best Foreign Film category.The film is based on the play La historia de los Tarantos written by Alfredo Mañas and inspired by Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare.
 The Bistra Mărului River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 The mountain treeshrew (Tupaia montana) is a treeshrew species of the Tupaiidae family.It is endemic to Borneo and inhabits montane forests in Sarawak and Sabah.The first specimen was described by Oldfield Thomas and was part of a zoological collection from northern Borneo obtained by the British Museum of Natural History.
 The Majorcan hare (Lepus granatensis solisi) is a subspecies of the Granada Hare from Majorca Spain. It was described only in 1992. Many sources claim it went extinct but this might not be true as other sources say it survives.
 The Trevallyn Dam is a dam on the South Esk River in Launceston Tasmania Australia and is used to provide water for hydroelectricity. The dam was completed in 1955 as part of the Trevallyn Hydro Electric Scheme and now holds the waters of Lake Trevallyn.
 Denticetopsis iwokrama is a species of whale catfish endemic to Guyana where it is only known from the type locality in the Siparuni River basin. This species grows to a length of 4.3 cm (1.7 inches).
 Trichis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Trichis ceylonica (Ball & Hilchie 1983) Trichis iranica Mandl 1973 Trichis maculata Klug 1832 Trichis pallida Klug 1832 Trichis petrovitzi Mandl 1973↑
 Jim Stewart III (born October 21 1958) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 86 since January 1997.
 Complicated is an album by Country recording artist Tanya Tucker. Instead of longtime producer Jerry Crutchfield Tucker employed Gregg Brown to produce the album. One track hit the Top Ten in the Billboard Top Country Singles charts the numbr 9 Little Things. Ridin' Out the Heartache was the only other single to chart at number 45. The album reached #15 on the Country Albums chart.
 Westernach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lac de Fully (or Lac supérieur de Fully) is a reservoir in the canton of Valais Switzerland. The lake's surface area is 0.21 km².
 The Cerbăl River is a tributary of the Govăjdia river in Romania.
 Vincent Auclair (born August 9 1965 in Laval Quebec) is a Quebec politician and notary. He is the current Member of National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Vimont in the Laval region.
 The Sunday Times is a weekly Sri Lankan broadsheet initially published by the now defunct Times Group until 1991 when it was taken over by Wijeya Newspapers. The paper features articles of journalists such as defence columnist Iqbal Athas and Ameen Izzadeen. The daily counterpart of the Sri Lankan Sunday Times is the Daily Mirror.
 Grass Lawn also known as the Milner House was a two-story Antebellum home located in Gulfport Harrison County Mississippi. In 1972 the home was added to the National Register of Historic Places. In 2005 the home was destroyed during Hurricane Katrina. A replica of Grass Lawn Grasslawn II was built and was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 2010. The new structure was dedicated in 2012 for use in city events weddings receptions and parties.
 Damodaram Sanjivayya (Telugu: దామోదరం సంజీవయ్య; 14 February 1921 – 8 May 1972) was the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh India from 11 January 1960 to 12 March 1962.
 Auranga River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Bhervi village. Its basin has a maximum length of 97 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 699 square kilometres (270 sq mi).
 Sarawakita hewitti is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Sarawakita.
 The Florence McClure Women's Correctional Center (FMWCC originally the Southern Nevada Women's Correctional Facility) in North Las Vegas Nevada. All custody levels (minimum medium etc.) are housed there. It is operated by the Nevada Department of Corrections (NDOC). It houses the State of Nevada's female death row.
 The Observer has been serving Sarnia-Lambton since 1853 and publishes six times per week Monday through Saturday. This broadsheet is a member of the Sun Media family of newspapers. Daryl C. Smith is The Observer's publisher. Rod Hilts is the managing editor. The offices of the Observer are in Sarnia. The paper is printed in London Ontario on presses owned by Sun Media which also publishes the London Free Press.
 Drozdowo [drɔzˈdɔvɔ] (German: Hohen Drosedow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Karnice 18 km (11 mi) north of Gryfice and 80 km (50 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Nerskogen Chapel (Norwegian: Nerskogen kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Rennebu in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Nerskogen. The church is part of the Rennebu parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.The church was built in 1962 and it was consecrated on 2 September 1962 by Bishop Tord Godal. The church has about 13 services per year and the building holds about 110 people.
 Disney's Little Einsteins: Our Huge Adventure is a 2005 direct-to-DVD musical adventure film from Walt Disney Home Entertainment. The film later turned into the TV series Little Einsteins.
 ¡Amigos X Siempre! is a soundtrack for the Mexican television series ¡Amigos X Siempre! (Friends 4 Ever) it was released in Mexico by Sony BMG.
 Herbert Eser Herb Gray PC CC QC (May 25 1931 – April 21 2014) was a Canadian Member of Parliament for four decades and cabinet minister under three prime ministers who served as Deputy Prime Minister from 1997 to 2002. He was Canada's first Jewish federal cabinet minister and is one of only a few Canadians ever granted the honorific The Right Honourable who was not so entitled by virtue of a position held.
 The River Weaver is a river navigable in its lower reaches running in a curving route anti-clockwise across west Cheshire northern England. Improvements to the river to make it navigable were authorised in 1720 and the work which included eleven locks was completed in 1732.
 Invisible Nature is a live album by English saxophonist John Surman and American drummer Jack DeJohnette recorded in Tampere and Berlin in 1999 and released on the ECM label.
 Regina's Closet or Regina's Closet: Finding My Grandmother's Secret Journal is a memoir and biography written by author Diana Raab. It is best known for winning the 2008 National Indie Excellence Award for memoir and the 2009 Mom's Choice Award for adult non-fiction.
 Overture to The Merry Wives of Windsor (also known as The Merry Wives of Windsor Overture) is a 1953 American short musical film produced by Johnny Green. It won an Academy Award in 1954 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 Gile Mountain is located in Windsor County Vermont along the border between the towns of Norwich and Sharon with the summit located in Norwich. The mountain reaches a height of 1873 feet (571 m) above sea level. Relatively unimposing considering its height the true summit cannot easily be seen from the surrounding territory despite the prominent fire tower atop its summit. The tower is easily reached by taking Turnpike Road from Norwich to the parking area near its terminus.
 Against the Seasons: Cold Winter Songs from the Dead Summer Heat is the first release and only EP from the black metal/doom metal group Woods of Ypres. It was recorded in August 2002 at Spectre Sound Studios in Tecumseh Ontario.
 Gymnoscelis kennii is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
 Hush'd Be the Camps To-Day is a poem by Walt Whitman dedicated to Abraham Lincoln.The poem was written on April 19 1865 shortly after Lincoln's assassination. Whitman went on to write additional poetry about Lincoln: O Captain! My Captain! When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloom'd and This Dust Was Once the Man.
 Sushun (Manchu: ᡠᡴᡠᠨ ᡧᡠᡧᡠᠨ Uksun Šušun; simplified Chinese: 肃顺; traditional Chinese: 肅順; pinyin: Sùshùn); Styled: Yuting (Chinese: 雨亭; pinyin: Yǔtíng) (26 November 1816– 1861) was born in the Manchu Aisin-Gioro Clan as the sixth son of Ulgungga (烏爾恭阿) the Prince Zheng. Although Sushun was born into nobility the size of his family meant that he received little attention during childhood and little expectation from the family.
 Smokin' is the fourth studio album by Bobby Miller released in 2001. It signifies a turning point in production style introducing a more organic and glossy sound.Miller produced and recorded the album in Chicago. It was engineered by Jerry Soto and Ron Gresham and the final mix was mastered by Brian Jensen.
 Munch Museum (Munch-museet) is an art museum in Oslo Norway dedicated to the life and works of the Norwegian artist Edvard Munch.The museum was financed from the profits generated by the Oslo municipal cinemas and opened its doors in 1963 to commemorate what would have been Munch's 100th birthday.
 The Human Life Review is a quarterly journal published by the Human Life Foundation since 1975. It is devoted to explorations of life issues primarily abortion as well as neonaticide medical genetics prenatal testing human cloning fetal tissue experimentation euthanasia and assisted suicide and also publishes articles dealing with more general questions of family and society.
 Le Vingtième Siècle or Le XXe Siècle (The Twentieth Century) was a Belgian newspaper that was published from 1895 to 1940. Its supplement Le Petit Vingtième (The Little Twentieth) is known as the first publication to feature The Adventures of Tintin.The conservative Catholic newspaper was founded by Georges Helleputte Joseph d’Ursel and Athanase de Broqueville (brother of Belgian Prime Minister Charles de Broqueville). Its first issue was published on June 6 1895.
 Opostegoides bicolorella is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Sinev in 1990 and is known from the Russian Far East.
 The Western Tailed-blue (Cupido amyntula) is a member of the Lycaenidae family and is seen across western North America as far norther as Alaska. The upperside of the male butterfly is blue while the female has a darker brown band on the outer side of the wing. The underside is riddle with black spots with a wingspan of 2.2 to 2.9 cm. The larvae feed on Thermopsis Astragalus Oxytropis Vicia and Lathyrus.
 90–93 is a compilation by the Italian band Punkreas which brings together the first two EPs: Isterico and United Rumors of Punkreas.
 The Signal is an American independent science fiction horror film film written and directed by David Bruckner Dan Bush and Jacob Gentry. It is told in three parts in which all telecommunication devices broadcast only a mysterious signal turning people mad and often causing them to behave violently.The film's three interconnected chapters (transmissions) are presented in a nonlinear narrative.
 The Night Battles: Witchcraft and Agrarian Cults in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Centuries is a historical study of the benandanti folk custom of 16th and 17th century Friuli Northeastern Italy. It was written by the Italian historian Carlo Ginzburg then of the University of Bologna and first published by the company Giulio Einaudi in 1966 under the Italian title of I Benandanti: Stregoneria e culti agrari tra Cinquecento e Seicento.
 Revivor (2003) is an aggrotech album by Funker Vogt.
 Randabygd Church (Norwegian: Randabygd kyrkje) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Randabygda. The church is part of the Randabygd parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The brown wooden church was built in 1916 by the architect Jens Sølvberg. The church seats about 240. The church was consecrated on 29 August 1916.
 Sacrifice is the twelfth studio album by British band Motörhead. Released in 1995 it is the second and last album to feature the four-man lineup of Lemmy Phil Wizzö Campbell Würzel and Mikkey Dee as Würzel left the band at the end of recording this album.
 Conus terryni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Lake Shira is a meromictic lake located 12 kilometers (7.5 mi) from the selo of Shira in the Republic of Khakassia Russia.
 Maciejewo [mat͡ɕɛˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Osieczna 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Leszno and 54 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Cydia chlorostola is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is endemic to Oahu.It is known from a single female and is possibly extinct.
 Beats Rhymes and Life is the fourth album of the hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest. Released in 1996 it followed three years after the highly regarded and successful Midnight Marauders. This album is a departure from the joyful positive vibe of the earlier albums and is regarded as the group's darkest album in content. It reached number-one on the Billboard 200 and Top R&B Albums charts.
 The Devil Horse (1932) is a Mascot movie serial starring Harry Carey and Noah Beery Sr.
 The Mt. Olive Rosenwald School on Bradley Rd. 45 in Mt. Olive Bradley County Arkansas is a wood frame Colonial Revival schoolhouse built in 1927. It is one of five buildings in the county that was funded by The Rosenwald Fund established by philanthropist Julius Rosenwald to further the education of rural African Americans.
 Dolgener See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 97.8 m its surface area is 0.69 km². Founded by Heinrich Dolgener in 1876 as a fishing reserve. Famous for being fished by Paul Von Hindenburg in his later life. owned by Manfred Dolgener as of July 16 2013
 The Amarillo Museum of Art is located at 2200 S. Van Buren Street on the grounds of Amarillo College in the city of Amarillo in the county of Potter in the U.S. state of Texas.
 Lake Mungo is a 2008 Australian psychological horror mockumentary film directed by filmmaker Joel Anderson and stars Talia Zucker.
 The Story of a Mother (German: Historien om en moder) is a story by the Danish poet travel writer short story writer and novelist Hans Christian Andersen (1805-1875). The tale was first published December 1847. The story has been made into films several times and also adapted into an animated film using the stop-motion puppet technique.
 Himeroconcha is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 Boulder released on January 26 2005 is the seventh original album by the Japanese band m.o.v.e. The catalogue code for this album is AVCT-10152/B with a bonus DVD and AVCT-10153 without one. DOGFIGHT and Noizy Tribe were both featured as opening theme songs for Initial D: Fourth Stage while Nobody reason～ノアの方舟 was used as one of the ending songs.
 The Depraved is a 1957 film.
 Buffalo Springfield is a compilation album released as a double LP in late 1973 by Buffalo Springfield. It features a 9 minute version of Bluebird unavailable elsewhere.
 Alan Edmundo Jara Urzola (born 17 July 1957) is a Colombian civil engineer and current Governor of the Department of Meta. He was kidnapped by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) on July 15 2001 and remained in captivity until he was released on February 3 2009.
 The Ultra Selection is a compilation album by Spandau Ballet. It was released in 2005 by Disky Communications.
 The Copenhagen Post is a weekly newspaper providing Danish news in English both nationally and internationally; it is the only English-language newspaper published in Denmark. Founded in November 1997 by San Shepherd The Copenhagen Post has a weekly circulation of between 12000 and 15000. The current editor-in-chief is Kevin McGwin.
 Darrell Castle (born 1948) is an American political figure activist and attorney from Memphis Tennessee and was the vice presidential candidate of the Constitution Party in the 2008 United States presidential election.
 Stonehenge in its landscape: Twentieth century excavations by R. M. J. Cleal K. E. Walker and R. Montague is an archaeological report on Stonehenge published in 1995. It presented the results of a two year intensive study of all the known records of the various excavations at Stonehenge in the twentieth century including a rephasing of the development of the monument.Unlike popular books on the subject Stonehenge in its landscape details the complex archaeological stratigraphy of the site.
 Fireworks is the third album by Angra released in 1998 and the last to feature the original lineup.
 The Herald-Sun is a daily newspaper in Durham North Carolina published by the Paxton Media Group of Paducah Kentucky.
 The Guide to the Territories of Halla Vol.1 by D. J. MacHale is a book recapping the adventure (as of book five Black Water). The book does not offer any new context relating to the story and there are pictures of the first five territories in the Pendragon series. It also proves assistance for a reference of the period of time the territory is in.
 Morse is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon and cannot be seen directly from the Earth. It lies about one crater diameter to the southwest of the larger Fitzgerald. To the west-northwest of Morse is Dante.This is a relatively well-defined crater with features that have not been markedly eroded by subsequent impacts. There is a small crater along the southeastern rim however and the southern rim is somewhat disrupted.
 Honwee Mountain east summit 2313 feet (705 m) and west summit 2280 feet (690 m) is a prominent mountain in the Taconic Mountains of western Massachusetts. The mountain is located in Pittsfield State Forest. The east (highest) summit is traversed by the Honwee Circuit multi-use trail. The west summit is crossed by the 35 mi (56 km) Taconic Crest hiking trail and the 12.1 mi (19.5 km) multi-use Taconic Skyline Trail. The mountain is wooded with northern hardwood forest species.
 Kataya is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3507 people living in 532 individual households.
 Jolly Life (Turkish: Neşeli Hayat) is a 2009 Turkish comedy film written and directed by Yılmaz Erdoğan about a working class Turkish man who accepts a job as a Mall Santa. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on November 27 2009 (2009-11-27) was screened in competition at the 29th International Istanbul Film Festival and was nominated in several categories at the 3rd Yeşilçam Awards.
 The Loanda Swift (Apus horus toulsoni) is a bird in the Apodidae family. Many taxonomists consider it to be a subspecies of the Horus Swift. It is found in Angola and Republic of the Congo.
 Peirescius is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southeastern part of the Moon. It is close enough to the limb that it appears significantly foreshortened when viewed from the Earth even though it is nearly circular in shape. To the west-northwest of Peirescius is the crater Vega and less than one crater diameter to the south is Brisbane.
 Ludwików [ludˈvikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Gąbin 12 km (7 mi) south of Płock and 92 km (57 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 196.
 Orthogonius impunctipennis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Quedenfeldt in 1883.
 Deep Creek Valley is a 35-mi (56 km) long valley located in southwest Tooele County at the Utah-Nevada border; the extreme south of the valley is in northwest Juab County. The valley parallels the west flank of the Deep Creek Range both north-trending.
 Dohani is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4253 people living in 716 individual households.
 The Paper Will Be Blue (Romanian: Hârtia va fi albastră) is a 2006 Romanian film written and directed by Radu Muntean. The film was nominated for the 2006 Golden Leopard award at Locarno International Film Festival.
 John B. Guthrie (July 28 1807 – August 17 1885) a Democrat was twice elected Mayor of Pittsburgh and served from 1851 to 1853.
 The Trident Grand Residence is a 45-floor tower in the Dubai Marina Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Trident Grand Residence was completed in 2010.Contractor:CSHK Dubai ContractingConsultant:RMJMDeveloper:Trident International Holdings
 Pachyiulus cattarensis is a species of millipede from Julidae family that can be found in Bulgaria Greece and all states of former Yugoslavia (except Slovenia).
 Joseph Robinette Joe Biden Jr. (/ˈdʒoʊsɨf rɒbɨˈnɛt ˈbaɪdən/; born November 20 1942) is the 47th and current Vice President of the United States jointly elected with President Barack Obama. He is a member of the Democratic Party and was a United States Senator from Delaware from January 3 1973 until his resignation on January 15 2009 following his election to the Vice Presidency.
 Servant of the Bones (1996) is a historical horror novel by Anne Rice.
 Luisa Fernanda Rudi Úbeda (Seville 13 December 1950) is a Spanish politician andMember of the European Parliament with the People's Party. She is a member of the Bureau of the European People's Party and sits onthe European Parliament's Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection.In the Spanish parliament she represented Zaragoza from 1986–1996 and from 2000 to 2004.
 Glass: A Portrait of Philip in Twelve Parts (other titles include International title Glass Hungarian title Glass - Philip portréja 12 felvonásban) is a 2008 documentary on the life of American composer Philip Glass directed by Scott Hicks. The film was nominated for Emmy Awards and AFI Award
 Concerning Mr. Martin is a 1937 British thriller film directed by Roy Kellino and starring Wilson Barrett William Devlin and Marjorie Peacock.
 Willis David Bill Gradison Jr. (born December 28 1928) is an American politician who served for almost two decades in the U.S. House of Representatives.
 The Anglo Scotian Mills is former lace factory in Beeston Nottinghamshire. It is a Grade II listed building.
 Swords Against Darkness III is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Andrew J. Offutt. It was first published in paperback by Zebra Books in March 1978.The book collects thirteen short stories and novelettes one poem and one essay by various fantasy authors together with a foreword by Offutt.
 Disturbia: Original Motion Picture Score is a score to the film of the same name directed by D. J. Caruso. It is composed by Geoff Zanelli conducted by Bruce Fowler and produced by Skip Williamson. It was released on July 10 2007 in the United States and Canada by Lakeshore Records.
 Donald Betts Jr. is a Democratic member of the Kansas Senate representing the 29th District since a special election in 2004. He previously served in the Kansas House of Representatives from 2003 through 2004.
 Halecroft is a Grade II* listed building in Hale Greater Manchester (grid reference SJ78728636). The building was designed by architect Edgar Wood and was built in 1890; it is an example of Wood's work influenced by the Arts and Crafts Movement. It is one of 11 Grade II* listed buildings in Trafford. Halecroft is two storeys high with a one storey 20th century extension.
 Timothy P. Murphy is an American law enforcement officer and former FBI deputy director. Murphy joined the FBI in September 1988. He has formerly served in FBI field posts in cities such as Newark Tampa Washington DC and Cincinnati along with several post at FBI Headquarters. Murphy has investigative experience in a number of matters including counterterrorism organized crime and drug trafficking. His experience also expands into undercover and surveillance work.
 Coastal Transitional Center is a minimum security prison located in Savannah Georgia in Chatham County Georgia. The facility houses adult male felons; the capacity is 200. It was constructed in 1940 and was renovated in 2003.It has 44 living units ranging in size from four to 12 beds.The mission of Coastal Transitional Center is to protect the community while assisting residents in making a successful transition back into society.
 John Henry Manners 5th Duke of Rutland KG (4 January 1778 – 20 January 1857) styled Lord Roos from 1778 until 1779 and Marquess of Granby from 1779 until 1787 was a British landowner as well as an owner and breeder of Thoroughbred racehorses.
 Blackchin shiner (Notropis heterodon) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 Thottakattu Sankunni Menon CSI also spelt as Shungoony Menon was an Indian civil servant and administrator who served as the Diwan of the Cochin kingdom from 1860 to 1879. His administration is recognized as a period of development. Sankunni Menon's brother T. Govindan Menon also served as Diwan from 1879 to 1889.
 Perrona spirata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 The Parent's Assistant is the first collection of children's stories by Maria Edgeworth published by Joseph Johnson in 1796. The first edition (Part I) had five stories: Lazy Lawrence Tarlton The Little Dog Trusty The Orange Man and 'The False Key. 'Barring Out was included in the second edition of Part I published the same year. In later editions more material was added most notably The Purple Jar and a play for children Old Poz.
 Winds of Fury is a 1993 fantasy novel by author Mercedes Lackey and the concluding book of the Mage Winds trilogy. It resolves the story told in the first two books; additionally it settles several plot threads which originated in the previous trilogy Arrows of the Queen.
 Strabomantis necerus is a species of frog in the Strabomantidae family.It is found in Ecuador and possibly Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Waytapallana (Quechua wayta wild flower a little bunch of flowers pallay to collect pallana an instrument to collect fruit / collectable Waytapallana a place where you collect wild flowers hispanicized spelling Huaytapallana) or Lasuntay is the highest peak in the Waytapallana mountain range in the Andes of Peru. The highest peak of the Waytapallana range has an altitude of 5557 m (18232 ft). The second highest tip the Yana Uqsha measures at 5530 m (18143 ft).
 Thing-Fish is an album by Frank Zappa originally released as a triple album box set on Barking Pumpkin Records in 1984. It was billed as a cast recording for a proposed musical of the same name which was ultimately not produced by Zappa but later performed in 2003 ten years after his death.The album's storyline is inspired by Broadway theatre AIDS eugenics conspiracy theories feminism homosexuality and African American culture.
 The Orlando Sentinel is the primary newspaper of Orlando Florida and the Central Florida region. It was founded in 1876. The Sentinel is owned by Tribune Company and is overseen by the Chicago Tribune.
 XIII is the 12th full-length album by the German heavy metal band Rage and the Lingua Mortis Orchestra. It was released in 1998.
 Our America is an award-winning film based on the book Our America: Life And Death on the South Side of Chicago.It premiered at the 2002 Sundance Film Festival and aired on American television later that year.
 Vayalar Ravi (born June 4 1937) is a prominent Indian politician currently the Union Cabinet Minister of Overseas Indian Affairs. He is a member of the Rajya Sabha.
 The Amity Hills are a range of hills northeast of Amity in Yamhill County Oregon United States. A northern spur or extension of the Eola Hills they are separated from them by a pass between Amity and Hopewell. They stretch about four miles from Amity towards Dayton Prairie. With the Eola Hills they make up the Eola-Amity Hills AVA wine region. They are sometimes called the Yamhill Mountains.
 Karen Gillon née Turnbull (born 18 August 1967 Edinburgh) is a Scottish Labour politician and was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Clydesdale from 1999 to 2011. She had previously served as personal assistant to Helen Liddell MP since 1997.
 Notohypsilophodon (meaning southern Hypsilophodon) is a genus of basal euornithopod dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of Argentina. It was described as the only hypsilophodont known from South America although this assessment is not universally supported and Gasparinisaura is now believed to have been a basal euornithopod as well.
 Viimeinen Atlantis (in English The Last Atlantis) is the fourth album by Finnish thrash metal band Stam1na. It was released on February 10 2010. It features keyboardist Emil Lähteenmäki for the first time as a permanent band member.The album's lyrics deal with climate change and consumption culture. The album is a record from an era in which the warning signs were visible for everyone.
 Hemmatabad (Persian: همت اباد‎ also Romanized as Hemmatābād) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District Khalajastan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 27 families.
 The Journal of Intensive Care Medicine is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in the field of intensive-care medicine. The editors-in-chief are James M. Rippe and Nicholas Smyrnios (University of Massachusetts Medical School). It was established in 1986 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 Bình Giã is a commune (xã) and village in Châu Đức District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam.
 Apolinar is a Mexican fantasy drama film directed in 1971 by Julio Castillo and produced by Alejandro Jodorowsky and Robert Viskin. The film was shot on location in and around Atotonilco San Miguel de Allende Guanajuato in Mexico. Art direction was by Octavio Ocampo.
 The Church of the Holy Cross (Finnish: Pyhän Ristin kirkko) is a medieval fieldstone church in Rauma Finland. It is located in the UNESCO World Heritage Site of Old Rauma. Church stands by the small stream of Raumanjoki (Rauma river).Church of the Holy Cross was built as a monastery church by the Rauma Franciscan Friary. The exact age is unknown but historians assume it was completed in 1515–1520.
 P. S. Karthikeyan (January 1918–January 24 1983) was an Indian politician who was a member of the Kerala Legislative Assembly. He was a member of the Indian National Congress. Former Secretary S.N. Trust Former Director of SNDP Yogam.
 Nasrani is a 2007 Malayalam action drama film starring Mammootty and directed by Joshiy and produced by Rajan Thaliparambu. Story Screenplay and Dialogues are by Ranjith. The film tells the story of a typical Achayan from a Syrian Catholic family in Travancore.
 Vilenjača is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hicks Lumber Company Store is a historic commercial building located at Roslyn in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1920 and is a two-story frame building with Colonial Revival style detailing. It has a low pitched hipped roof and projecting two story portico.
 Clayhill Brook is a small stream in southern England in the county of Berkshire. It rises at Benham's Gulley in the far West of Burghfield Common and runs through the Northern edge of the Village forming the border between Burghfield Parish and Sulhamstead Parish. The brook running to the North East passes through woodland Omers Gulley at the edge of the village. The woodland and the brook is a haven for local wildlife in the area and is a particularly important resource in this respect.
 Pierzyska [pjɛˈʐɨska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Łubowo 9 km (6 mi) west of Gniezno and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Elmwood Tower formerly Masonic Manor is located at 801 South 52nd Street in midtown Omaha Nebraska. Completed in 1963 the Elmwood Tower is a 320-ft (98-m) high-rise building rising to 21 stories. It is the third tallest skyscraper in Omaha behind First National Bank Tower and Woodmen Tower.The building provides residential apartments for people aged 50 and older. Also for 6 years it was the tallest building in Omaha until Woodmen Tower passed it in 1969.
 The Seram Thrush (Geokichla joiceyi) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family. It is endemic to montane rainforest on Seram in Indonesia. Traditionally it has been considered a subspecies of the Buru Thrush in which case the common name of the 'combined species' was Moluccan Thrush.
 Old Economy Village is a historic settlement in Ambridge Beaver County Pennsylvania United States. Administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission it lies on the banks of the Ohio River and is surrounded by downtown Ambridge. The Village is the last of three settlements established by the Harmony Society in the United States (another in Pennsylvania and one in Indiana).
 A Secret Handshake (2007) A drama/thriller film written & directed by Harsha Wardhan Gijre.
 The Chone River is a river of Ecuador situated in the Manabí Province. In arises in the Mountains and exits into the Bahía de Caráquez (Bay of Caraquez) in the Pacific Ocean near the city of Bahía de Caráquez.
 The Voorman Problem is a 2013 short film produced by Honlodge Productions from the United Kingdom in association with Pipedream Pictures (UK). The film was directed by Mark Gill who also co-wrote the screenplay with producer Baldwin Li. The film was adapted from a section of the novel number9dream by David Mitchell. Producer Lee Thomas is also developing the novel into a full length feature film through Pipedream Pictures.
 The Spider's Web is a 1938 Columbia Pictures movie serial based on the popular pulp magazine character The Spider. The first episode of this 15-chapter serial was double-length and directed by serial and western specialist Ray Taylor and by comedy and serial veteran James W.
 The Bystrytsia (Ukrainian: Бистриця; Polish: Bystrzyca) is a river a right tributary of the Dniester which flows through Tysmenytsia Raion Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast. Bystrytsia river is formed by confluence of Bystrytsia of Solotvyno and Bystrytsia of Nadvirna.
 The Way Things Work is the debut album by American improvisational band Unknown Instructors featuring Mike Watt (Minutemen Firehose The Stooges Dos Banyan) George Hurley (Minutemen Firehose Red Krayola) Joe Baiza (Saccharine Trust Universal Congress Of) Jack Brewer (Saccharine Trust) and poet Dan McGuire. The album was created and recorded on the spot in one day in 2003 at Karma Studio in San Pedro California.
 Zawady [zaˈvadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Rawicz and 91 km (57 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Hohenhager Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Armstrong River is a river of Minnesota.
 Aries: Journal for the Study of Western Esotericism is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the historical study of western esotericism. It is published by Brill Academic Publishers on behalf of the European Society for the Study of Western Esotericism. From 2001-2010 the editor-in-chief was Wouter J. Hanegraaff. Since 2010 the editor-in-chief is Peter J. Forshaw.
 The Collinsville City Hall and Fire Station are two connected buildings located at 125 Center St. in Collinsville Illinois. The Italianate City Hall was built in 1885. It was Collinsville's first dedicated city hall; prior to its completion government meetings were held at the mayor's house. The new city hall along with several other public works projects created a large debt which contributed to mayor Charles L. Oatman's defeat in the next election.
 Dame Annie Florence Gillies Cardell-Oliver DBE (11 May 1876 — 12 January 1965) was a Western Australian politician and political activist often known publicly as simply Florence Cardell-Oliver. She was the longest-serving female State Parliamentarian in WA being a member of parliament from 15 February 1936 to 7 April 1956 until her record was broken in September 2011 by Liz Constable.
 Stortissvatnet or Stor-Tisvatnet (also Southern Sami: Vuallerenjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake lies south of the lake Laksjøen and north of the lake Holden.
 Agdistis gittia is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Spain.The wingspan is 22-23 mm. The forewings and hindwings are greyish-brown.
 Wojtkowo [vɔi̯tˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has an approximate population of 50.
 Retusa is a genus of very small head-shield sea snails or barrel-bubble snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Retusidae.
 The Memory of Water is a comedy written by English playwright Shelagh Stephenson first staged at Hampstead Theatre in 1996.
 Fadak (Persian: فدك‎) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Miami County Courthouse located east of the junction of Miami and Silver Streets in Paola is the seat of government of Miami County Kansas. The courthouse was built from 1898 to 1899 and has housed the county's government ever since. Architect George P. Washburn designed the courthouse; its design is Victorian with Romanesque Revival details. The building features a tower at each corner; the southwest tower was once a clock tower but no longer has a clock.
 The Fish Are Safe is a 1986 Australian TV movie directed by Noni Hazlehurst. It was filmed March-May 1986.
 Stoneleigh also known as the Charles E. Ward House or Ruffner Payne House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It was built in 1917 as the residence of Charles E. Ward a leading West Virginia industrialist.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as part of the South Hills Multiple Resource Area.
 Wasim Sajjad (Urdu: وسیم سجاد; born 30 March 1941) is a Pakistani lawyer and legal educator who served as an acting President of Pakistan on two non-consecutive terms: from July 1993 until November 1993 and from 1996 until 1997. He served as the Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan from December 1988 until October 1999.Currently being a member of PML-Q he is the Leader of the Opposition in Senate of Pakistan.
 Xeneda is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Ilir Bano is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.
 The George D. Oakley House at 2110 Kakela Place in Honolulu Hawaiʻi was built in 1929 in the English cottage style of architecture popular in Hawaiʻi during the 1920s and 1930s. This house is one of the finest of only two dozen or so extant houses of similar style in the state.
 Fea's Tree Rat (Chiromyscus chiropus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.
 The Puna Tapaculo (Scytalopus simonsi) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 House of Bamboo is a 1955 American color film noir shot in CinemaScope format. The film was directed by Samuel Fuller.The film is a loose remake of The Street with No Name (1948) by the same screenwriter (Harry Kleiner) and cinematographer (Joseph MacDonald) as in the original.
 Buffalo Town Square Historic District is a national historic district located at Buffalo Putnam County West Virginia. It encompasses three contributing buildings all in the Greek Revival style and located on the town square. They are the Buffalo Academy (1849) Buffalo Presbyterian Church (1857) and Buffalo Methodist Church (1870).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Il programmino di Gigi D'agostino (English: The Programme of Gigi D'Agostino) is the third compilation album by Italian DJ Gigi D'Agostino released in 2003 through NoiseMaker / Media Records.
 The Roberts Octagon Barn built in 1883 is an historic octagonal barn located on CR W62 near Sharon Center Johnson County Iowa. On June 30 1986 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Cahaboncito River is a river of Guatemala.
 Sartal-e Abdarreh (Persian: سرتل ابدره‎ also Romanized as Sartal-e Ābdarreh; also known as Sartal and Sar Tūl) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 10 families.
 Leiostyla concinna is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lauriidae.
 Dugolbandeh (Persian: دوگل بنده‎ also Romanized as Dūgolbandeh; also known as Dogolbandeh) is a village in Satar Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 36 families.
 Midne (Ukrainian: Мідне) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Beautiful Unlike You and I is an EP by Vancouver punk rock band SNFU. It was recorded in 1993 and released on the Hom Wreckers Music label. Side A is a re-recording of a song originally featured as a live track on their The Last of the Big Time Suspenders album. Side B is an alternate version of a song featured on their Something Green and Leafy This Way Comes album.
 Out of Our Heads is the Rolling Stones' third British album and their fourth in the United States. It was released in 1965 through London Records in the US on 30 July 1965 and Decca Records in the UK on 24 September 1965 (in both mono – catalogue number LL3429; and in stereo—PS429) with significant track listing differences between territories.
 Bembézar Reservoir is a reservoir in Hornachuelos province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain. It is located in the Sierra de Hornachuelos a mountain range of the Sierra Morena.
 SM City Baguio is an enclosed shopping mall in Baguio in the Philippines. At a floor area of 107841 m2 (1160790 sq ft) it is the largest shopping mall in the whole North Luzon Region. The entire complex stands on a land area of 80000 m2 (860000 sq ft) on Luneta Hill on top of Session Road overlooking historic Burnham Park and opposite Baguio's City Hall which is situated on a northern hill.The mall was formally opened on November 21 2003.
 Syalagadi is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3182 people living in 552 individual households.
 The Varnița River is a tributary of the Lozna River in Romania.
 Physical Review A: Atomic Molecular and Optical Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published twelve times per year by the American Physical Society in print online and CD formats. The main focus of interest is atomic molecular and optical physics. The editor-in-chief is Gordon W. F. Drake (University of Windsor).
 Sepioteuthis commonly known as reef squids or oval squids is a genus of loliginid squid. Reef squids are easily recognizable by their large rounded fins that extend along almost the entire length of their mantles giving them a superficial resemblance to cuttlefish.
 Charachar (English language:Shelter of the Wings) is a 1993 Bengali drama film directed and written by Buddhadev Dasgupta based on a novel by Prafulla Roy.
 The Riders is a novel by Australian author Tim Winton published in 1994. It was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1995.
 Diastrophella is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Diastrophella pauliani Rivalier 1957 Diastrophella richardi Rivalier 1957↑
 Brachymeria is a genus of parasitic wasp in the family Chalcididae. A large number of species are known all of them parasites of insect larvae. They have elbowed antenna and have a typically enlarged femur (thigh) segment on the high legs. The female typically lays eggs inside the larva of a Lepidopteran using its ovipositor. Although mostly parasitic on lepidoptera a few are hyperparasites parasites of parasitic hymenoptera and diptera. The adult parasites emerge typically from the pupa.
 John Breckinridge (December 2 1760 – December 14 1806) was a lawyer and politician from the U.S. state of Virginia. He served in the state legislatures of Virginia and Kentucky before being elected to the U.S. Senate and appointed United States Attorney General during the second term of President Thomas Jefferson.
 Belören is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Khiladi Lal Bairwa is an Indian politician and a Member of Parliament of India. Bairwa is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Karauli–Dholpur constituency of Rajasthan and is a member of the Indian National Congress political party.
 Anni struggenti is a 1979 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Meharia incurvariella is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Algeria Morocco Iran Afghanistan and Pakistan.
 Manmadhan (Tamil: மன்மதன்) is a 2004 Tamil romantic thriller film directed by A.J. Murugan and Silambarasan Rajendar Silambarasan plays the lead title role. The film has Jyothika enacting the lead female role Goundamani Sindhu Tolani Atul Kulkarni and Santhanam playing supporting roles and guest appearances by Mandira Bedi as a psychologist Brinda Parekh as playgirl and Yana Gupta as a club dancer. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 Fay Hartog-Levin (born 1948) is an American lawyer consultant and diplomat. She is a former United States Ambassador to the Netherlands (2009–2011).Fay Hartog was born in 1948 in the United States. Her parents Ada and Jo Hartog were Dutch Jews that fled from the Netherlands to Suriname in 1942 and emigrated to the United States in 1948 shortly before she was born. She studied Russian language and literature at Northwestern University and law at Loyola University Chicago School of Law.
 The Milagro River is a river of Ecuador.
 Rasletind is a mountain with two summits in Norway the highest at 2105 m above sea level. It is located on the border between the municipalities of Vang and Vågå (in Oppland) but the northwestern corner of the municipality of Øystre Slidre reaches the summit of Øystre Rasletind. It is the southeasternmost summits in the Jotunheimen mountain area. It is situated on the western side of the high mountain plain of Valdresflyi.
 Aida is a 1953 Italian film version of the opera Aida by Giuseppe Verdi. It was directed by Clemente Fracassi and produced by Gregor Rabinovitch and Federico Teti. The screenplay was adapted by Fracassi Carlo Castelli Anna Gobbi and Giorgio Salviucci from the libretto by Antonio Ghislanzoni. The cinematography was by Piero Portalupi the production design by Flavio Mogherini and the costume design by Maria De Matteis.
 Aged and Confused is a 2009 comedy album by comedian Bill Engvall.
 Sir John Grant Phillips KBE (13 March 1911 – 7 October 1986) was an Australian economist who became the second Governor of the Reserve Bank of Australia from 1968 to 1975. His name appeared on Australian currency notes as J. G. Phillips.
 Kulli is a village in Raasiku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.Kulli has a station on the Elektriraudtee eastern route.
 Andrew Martin (born February 19 1964) is an American politician who has served as the Clark County Democratic Party Chair Member of the Nevada State Economic Forum and Member of the Clark County School District Bond Oversight Committee. Martin was elected to the Nevada Assembly in the 2012 election. A member of the Democratic Party he was elected to represent the 9th Assembly District although his eligibility to serve in the legislature was disputed during the election.
 Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke (Somali: Cumar Cabdirashiid Cali Sharmaarke Arabic: عمر عبد الرشيد علي شرماركي‎) (born June 18 1960) is a Somali diplomat and politician. He is the former Prime Minister of Somalia.
 Si va Seh Mardeh (Persian: سي وسه مرده‎ also Romanized as Sī va Seh Mardeh and Sīow Seh Mardeh; also known as Sūsehmard and Su Shehmard) is a village in Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 14 families.
 Chlanidota paucispiralis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Buddireddipatti is a village in Dharmapuri district Tamil Nadu India.
 The house at 20 Center Street formerly 37 Center Street in Highland Falls New York United States is a frame house built in the mid-19th century in the Greek Revival architectural style.It is one of the few Greek Revival houses and the highest in style in the Hudson Highlands. In 1982 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Galwadukumbura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Elasmaspis is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Russia. It was described by Kramarenko in 1957 and the type species is Elasmaspis speciosa. The type locality was the Dzheron Formation in Siberia.
 Psoloptera thoracica is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Panama Ecuador and Brazil (Ega).
 General Yuthasak Sasiprapha (Thai: ยุทธศักดิ์ ศศิประภา) is a Thai politician and retired military officer. He has been deputy defence minister in Thaksin Shinawatra's government and president of the National Olympic Committee of Thailand. From August 2011 to January 2012 he was Minister of Defence and since then he has served as Deputy Prime Minister in the government of Yingluck Shinawatra until 28 October 2012.
 Umbetoceras is a genus belonging to the goniatitid superfamily Gastriocerataceae and family Homoceratidae from the Carboniferous of the Russian Federation and Uzbekistan. The shell of Umbetoceras is involute in the adult with an evolute early stage and moderately wide umbilucus. Sculpture consists of strong riblets on intermediate stages with tubercles present on umbilical shoulder. The suture has a wide double pronged ventral lobe with a median saddle that exceeds two thirds its height.
 Bernard and Doris is a 2006 film directed by Bob Balaban. The teleplay by Hugh Costello is a semi-fictionalized account of the relationship that developed between socialite heiress and philanthropist Doris Duke and her self-destructive Irish employee Bernard Lafferty later in her life.The film premiered at the Hamptons International Film Festival on October 17 2007 and was broadcast by HBO on February 9 2008. It has been released on DVD.
 Senior is the fourth studio album by Norwegian electronic music duo Röyksopp released on 8 September 2010 by Wall of Sound. Consisting of instrumental tracks only the album is described as more introspective and withdrawn than its predecessor Junior (2009).
 Episodes is a compilation album by English multi-instrumentalist Mike Oldfield released in France in 1981.
 The Yearbook is the fifth studio album by rapper KJ-52.The Special Edition DVD includes a Making Of documentary and the five videos he made released before the release of The Yearbook including KJ-52 Behind the Musik Life After Death I Can Call On You and Revenge of the Nerds.The song Wake Up peaked at #13 on ChristianRock.net.You're Gonna Make It was featured on the CBS crime drama Cold Case in the episode It Takes a Village.Do Yo Thang and Fanmail both have music videos available on KJ's site.
 All My Friends Are Dead is an illustrated dark comedy book published by Chronicle Books in 2010. It was written by Avery Monsen and Jory John and illustrated by Avery Monsen.An animated GIF of the first 10 pages of the book were posted on Tumblr and quickly became the most reblogged and liked post in Tumblr's history. The viral website was also reported in New York Magazine.
 The Songar Tit (Poecile songarus formerly Parus songarus) is a passerine bird in the tit family. It is the southern counterpart of the Willow Tit P. montanus and is often included in it as a subspecies.It breeds in the deciduous mountain forests of southeast Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan and northern China. The 13 cm long Songar Tit has a dark brown cap blackish bib rich brown upperparts white cheeks and cinnamon buff underparts.
 Michael P. McAuliffe is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 20th district in northwestern Chicago. He has served since 1997 when he was elected following the death of his father Illinois State Representative Roger McAuliffe. He is presently the only elected Republican representing a significant portion of Chicago above the county level. In much of his district he is the only elected Republican at any level.
 Leon Russell is the debut solo album and third album overall by singer songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Leon Russell. It followed his debut with the Midnight String Quartet and a production by Russell and Marc Benno billed as the Asylum Choir.
 William Lees (November 21 1821 – February 1903) was an Ontario farmer merchant and political figure. He represented Lanark South in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as an independent Conservative and then a Conservative from 1879 to 1890.He was born in Bathurst Township Lanark County Upper Canada in 1821 the son of Scottish immigrants. He began work as a farmer later building a sawmill and a gristmill. He was named a justice of the peace in 1852.
 Čemerno (Serbian Cyrillic: Чемерно) is a mountain in western Serbia near the town of Ivanjica. Its highest peak Smrdljuč has an elevation of 1579 m (5180 ft) above sea level.
 Novo Selo (Bosanski Šamac) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Šamac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Shizukuishi River (雫石川 Shizukuishigawa) is a river in Iwate Prefecture Japan.The Shizukuishi River rises in the Ōu Mountains just south of Mt. Akita Komagatake in Shizukuishi and empties into the Kitakami River in Morioka. The Gosho Dam is situated on the Shizukuishi River in western Morioka. This dam was completed in 1981. The entire length of the river is home to many renowned hot springs. The Kakkonda River is its largest tributary and flows from north to south in Shizukuishi.
 Pygmalion and Galatea (French: Pygmalion et Galathée) is an 1898 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès based on the ancient Pygmalion myth. It was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 156 in its catalogues.The film was presumed lost until a print was found in an attic in Barcelona in 1993.
 Dream II is the first EP by avant-garde/progressive/death metal band Pan.Thy.Monium released in 1991 (1991 in music).
 Bruton Parish Church is located in the restored area of Colonial Williamsburg in Williamsburg Virginia USA. It was established in 1674 by the consolidation of two previous parishes in the Virginia Colony and remains an active Episcopal parish.
 Pseudopostega adusta is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Walsingham Lord Thomas de Grey in 1897. It is known from the West Indies from Cuba east to Dominica south to Belize and Ecuador. It is also known from Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 2.1–2.8 mm. Adults have been recorded in January March to April and June.
 Anthony's Nose is a peak along the Hudson River at the north end of Westchester County New York.
 Valley of Smoke is the third full length album from American post-metal band Intronaut. It was released in North America on October 12 2010 on Century Media Records who also released their previous album Prehistoricisms. The album was released in Europe with exclusive bonus track Vernon on November 22 2010.
 Love You Forever is a Canadian picture book written by Robert Munsch and published in 1986. It tells the story of the evolving relationship between a boy and his mother.The book was written after Munsch and his wife had two stillborn babies. They have since become adoptive parents of three.
 The 124th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This date was January 3 1967 which was two weeks before the beginning of the third administrative year of Governor Charles L. Terry Jr. and Sherman W.
 Taq Hoseyn-e Seyd Hadi (Persian: طاق حسین سیدهادی‎ also Romanized as Ţāq Ḩoseyn-e Şeyd Hādī; also known as Ţāq Ḩoseyn) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 8 families.
 Clear Creek is a creek in Snohomish County Washington. It is a tributary of the Sauk River and enters the river just above the community of Darrington.
 Lakeville Miss (foaled 1975 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse bred and raced by Great Neck New York businessman Randolph Weinsier who in 1979 received the P.A.B. Widener Trophy for outstanding achievements in breeding.
 Cheshmeh Nush (Persian: چشمه نوش‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Nūsh and Chashmeh Nūsh) is a village in Gowdin Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 50 families.
 Four Mile Run is a 9.4-mile-long (15.1 km) stream in northern Virginia that starts near Interstate 66 at Gordon Avenue in Fairfax County and proceeds southeast through Falls Church to Arlington County in the U.S. state of Virginia.
 Kondor (Persian: كندر‎ also Romanized as Kondar and Kundar) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 21 families.
 Paradise Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County Idaho United States located in the Smoky Mountains in the Sawtooth National Forest. While no trails lead directly to the lake it is most easily accessed via trail 070. The lake is located just south of Paradise Peak.
 Mount Rose is a mountain located in the Carson Range east of the California-Nevada border and is within the Mount Rose Wilderness. An extinct volcano the mountain is located between Lake Tahoe and Reno;and is the highest point in Washoe County. State Route 431 traverses Mount Rose Summit southeast of Mount Rose. Due to the high elevation most of the precipitation that falls on the mountain is snow.Mount Rose Ski Tahoe is nearby but is not on Mount Rose.
 St. Stephen's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Olean in Cattaraugus County New York. It is a Gothic Revival style church building designed by upstate New York architect Robert W. Gibson (1854–1927) and constructed 1889-1890. The complex also includes the Ashton Parish House constructed 1922-1923 and the rectory known as the Watson Wing built about 1885.
 Lantern Pike is a hill located just outside Hayfield in Derbyshire England. The land lies within the Peak District National Park and is owned and maintained by the National Trust. It is permanently open to the public.
 From Wimbledon to Waco is a 1995 travelogue book written by Nigel Williams describing his family's first visit to the United States.
 Cerro Las Minas is the highest mountain in Honduras. Cerro Las Minas is located in the rugged and relatively isolated Lempira department in the western part of the country.
 Virbia hypophaea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Costa Rica and Brazil.
 Leonard Orban (born 28 June 1961) is a Romanian independent technocrat who served as the Commissioner for Multilingualism in the European Commission the executive body of the European Union (EU). He was responsible for the EU language policy and was the first Romanian Commissioner and the first member of the Commission whose portfolio is exclusively multilingualism. His term of office began on 1 January 2007 and ended on 9 February 2010.
 The Hilton Hawaiian Village Beach Resort and Spa formerly known as the Kaiser Hawaiian Village Hotel is a beach resort hotel in the Waikiki area of Honolulu Hawaii. Opened in 1957 it is one of the most prominent and iconic resorts in Waikiki. It is the largest hotel of the Hilton chain with 3386 rooms and with 7 towers. It is also the 17th largest hotel in the world.
 Eleutherodactylus carranguerorum is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Notiophilus rufipes is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic and the Near East.
 Dr. Ruth Uy Asmundson (born September 21 1945) served as Mayor of the City of Davis California from 2004-2006 and again from 2008-2010. A native of Gamu Isabela Philippines Asmundson was the first female Filipino migrant to be elected into the position of mayor in an American city.
 The High Life is Reef the Lost Cauze's debut album with producer Sleep E on most of the tracks. Reef displays a wide variety of topics and stories from a relationship ending badly (Bitter) to eating children (Impregnable).
 Oakland Plantation situated on a bluff overlooking the Cape Fear River in Bladen County North Carolina was built over 200 years ago by General Thomas Brown an American Revolutionary War patriot. It is one of a few houses of its period in North Carolina still being used today.Listed on the National Register of Historic Places Oakland depicts the architecture and skill of the artisans of that period.
 The Life of Percy Bysshe Shelley is an unfinished posthumous biography of the Romantic poet Percy Bysshe Shelley that was written by his friend Thomas Jefferson Hogg. The first two of the four planned volumes were released in 1858 to largely unfavourable reviews. Though a few friends of Percy Shelley enjoyed the book many critics attacked the book for being poorly edited and for portraying Shelley negatively.
 Meykhvaran-e Sadat (Persian: ميخواران سادات‎ also Romanized as Meykhvārān-e Sādāt Meykhowrān-e Sādāt and Meykhvorān-e Sādāt; also known as Meykhowrān-e Bālā) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 7 families.
 Blues Brothers: Private is a book published in 1980 designed to help flesh out the universe in which The Blues Brothers (the first film) took place. Private was written and designed by John Belushi's wife Judith Jacklin and Tino Insana a friend of John's from their days at The Second City.The book consists of paperwork and clippings collected by Sister Mary Stigmata (the character played by Kathleen Freeman in the film) and stored in her personal files.
 The Blanco River (San Marcos) is a river of Guatemala.
 Carol-Ann Schindel is a former Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives representing the 63rd District from 2007 to 2008.
 Dniester Estuary or Dniester Liman (Ukrainian: Дністровський лиман Romanian: limanul Nistrului) is a liman formed at the point where the river Dniester flows into the Black Sea. It is located in Ukraine in Odessa Oblast. The city of Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi lies on its western shore and Ovidiopol on its eastern shore. Shabo situated downstream of Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi is known for its wine.
 Jacinta Parejo de Crespo (better known as Misia Jacinta) (Parapara Guárico August 16 1845 - Caracas April 16 1914) was the wife of Venezuelan president and military leader Joaquín Crespo.
 The Eugene O'Neill National Historic Site located in Danville California preserves Tao House the Monterey Colonial hillside home of America's only Nobel Prize-winning playwright Eugene O'Neill.
 Saranac River is an 81-mile-long (130 km) river in the U.S. state of New York. In its upper reaches is a region of mostly flat water and lakes. The river has more than three dozen source lakes and ponds north of Upper Saranac Lake; the highest is Mountain Pond on Long Pond Mountain.
 Catalogue of Generous Men is the first full-length album released by Modern Skirts. The album was released in August 2004 and subsequently won an Athens Music Award for Album of the Year as well as for Best Cover Art.The album has received accolades in Paste Magazine on National Public Radio (NPR) and in other local and national media outlets.
 I Am a Hero (アイアムアヒーロー) is a Japanese horror manga by Kengo Hanazawa. It was nominated for the 3rd 4th and 5th Manga Taishō and won the 58th Shogakukan Manga Award in General category. It is published in Italy by GP Publishing in France by Kana and in Spain by Norma Editorial.
 Michal na Ostrove (Hungarian: Szentmihályfa Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈsɛntmihaːjfɒ]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 The Nadeș River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 The Parade Shopping centre is a specialist shopping centre located in Shrewsbury the county town of Shropshire. It is a Grade II listed building home to 30 shops on two floors and a terrace cafe overlooking the River Severn.The centre is located at St. Mary's Place across the road from St. Mary's Church.
 The Cabuçu de Cima River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Heretic is a 1996 play by Australian playwright David Williamson.The play explores Derek Freeman's reaction to Margaret Mead's Coming of Age in Samoa. The play takes place in Freeman's dream where individuals (including Mead) from his life return and discuss his life.
 bdnews24.com is one of Bangladesh's leading newspaper/media groups. With an Alexa ranking placing it consistently among the world's top 1000 or so websites it has also persisted as the country's leading English language as well as bilingual English/Bengali website. bdnews24.com ranks among the top 10 of all websites consulted by Bangladeshis http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/bdnews24.com.
 Michael McMahon (born 18 September 1961) is a Scottish Labour politician and is the Member of the Scottish Parliament for Uddingston and Bellshill since 2011. He was previously the member for the former seat of Hamilton North and Bellshill. McMahon has been the Shadow Cabinet Secretary for Local Government for Labour in the Scottish Parliament since 2007. He is noted for attempting to abolish the not proven verdict.
 Charmont Apartments is an historic apartment building in Santa Monica California which was built in 1928. Designed by architect Max Maltzman with elements of both the Mission Revival-Spanish Colonial Revival style and the Art Deco style the Charmont was a luxurious high-rise when it was built.
 Dąbrowa Widawska [dɔmˈbrɔva viˈdafska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Widawa 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Łask and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Patrick D. Cannon (born 1966) is an American politician. He was the Mayor of Charlotte North Carolina and is a member of the Democratic Party. Cannon served on the Charlotte city council from 1994 through 2013 and was elected mayor in November 2013. On March 26 2014 he was arrested on charges of accepting over $48000 in bribes from undercover FBI agents posing as businessmen wanting to work with the city. Cannon resigned as mayor later that evening.
 Do It Now! (subtitled Worry 'Bout It Later) is the second album by American guitarist and keyboardist Clifford Coulter recorded in 1971 for the Impulse! label.
 Grandisonia alternans is a species of caecilian in the family Indotyphlidae endemic to the Seychelles islands of Mahé Praslin Frégate and La Digue.
 Groovin' with the Chet Baker Quintet is an album by trumpeter Chet Baker which was recorded in 1965 and released on the Prestige label.
 Ieng Thirith (née Khieu; Khmer: អៀង ធីរិទ្ធ; born 10 March 1932) was an influential figure in the Khmer Rouge but was neither a member of the Khmer Rouge Standing Committee nor of the Central Committee. Ieng Thirith is the wife of Ieng Sary who was minister of foreign affairs of Democratic Kampuchea's Khmer Rouge regime.
 How to Train a Dog is a 1936 short film released through MGM Studios starring Robert Benchley. The short film demonstrates how not to train a dog following Benchley's character getting the dog from a pet store.
 Michael Feinstein Sings the Burton Lane Songbook Vol. 1 is a 1990 album by American vocalist Michael Feinstein of songs composed by Burton Lane. A second volume Michael Feinstein Sings the Burton Lane Songbook Vol. 1 was released in 1992.Feinstein was accompanied on piano by Lane they duetted on the song Applause Applause. Two compositions by Lane had their debut recording here I Can Hardly Wait and And Suddenly It's Christmas.
 A Lively Mix is a 2006 remix album by Paul Oakenfold.
 Oscar B. Marx (July 14 1866 – November 23 1923) was an American political figure who was mayor of Detroit from 1913 to 1918.
 Minds and Machines is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering artificial intelligence philosophy and cognitive science.The journal was established in 1991 with James Henry Fetzer as founding editor-in-chief. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Society for Machines and Mentality a special interest group within the International Association for Computing and Philosophy. The current editor-in-chief is Gregory Wheeler (New University of Lisbon).
 Airplane Miniatures is a supporter's EP by Einstürzende Neubauten released to subscribers of the Phase I Supporter Project just after the Supporter Album No. 1 album in 2003 as a small Christmas present to subscribed fans.
 Novia para dos is a 1956 Argentine film.
 The Pittsburg Public Library is a public library in Pittsburg Kansas United States. A part of the Southeast Kansas Library System it circulates a collection of over 70000 items. Its Art Nouveau building was built in 1910 through a donation from Andrew Carnegie. Today the building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Unnamable II: The Statement of Randolph Carter is a 1993 horror film. It incorporates elements from the short story The Statement of Randolph Carter by H.P. Lovecraft and is a sequel to The Unnamable which is loosely based on the short story of the same name also by Lovecraft. Mark Kinsey Stephenson reprises the role of Randolph Carter from the previous film while Charles Clausmeyer appears as Howard.
 The Valea Răchițelii River or Răchițele River is a tributary of the Govăjdia river in Romania.
 Conan the Defiant is a fantasy novel written by Steve Perry featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in October 1987 with a regular paperback edition fissued simultaneously by the same publisher and was reprinted in August 1988. A British edition was published in paperback by Orbit Books in January 1990.
 The 20/20 Experience – 2 of 2 is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake. It was released on September 27 2013 by RCA Records. The album is considered the second half of a two-piece project being supplemented by his third studio album The 20/20 Experience (2013). Its lead single Take Back the Night was released on July 12 2013.
 Al hob fy zaman al kolla is a 2008 Egyptian film.
 Malnes Church (Norwegian: Malnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Bø in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Eide. The church is part of the Bø og Malnes parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white church was built in 1895 and it seats about 320 people. The architect Ole Scheistrøen designed the current church building.The church at Malnes was established in the 1500s at Malnes near the village of Hovden.
 Little Giants is a 1994 family sports comedy film starring Rick Moranis and Ed O'Neill as brothers in a small Ohio town coaching rival Pee-Wee Football teams.
 Kick-Ass 2: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a compilation album of various artists' music from the 2013 film Kick-Ass 2. Though the song I Hate Myself for Loving You by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts is featured in the film it does not appear on the soundtrack.
 Carditidae is a family of marine bivalve clams of the order Carditoida which was long included in the Veneroida. They are the type taxon of the superfamily Carditoidea. Delimitation of this family versus the closely related Condylocardiidae is somewhat problematic.
 Ulanga is a village in Mbarali District Mbeya Region of southwestern Tanzania. In is in the outwash plain of the Njamkala River.
 Michalis Karchimakis (Greek: Μιχάλης Καρχιμάκης born on 9 November 1957 in Siteia Crete Greece) is a Greek politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK). Since 9 October 2009 to 17 May 2012 he has been the Deputy Minister for Agricultural Development and Food and from 14 September 2010 General Secretary of PASOK.
 Here's the Deal is the third album by Liquid Soul released and nominated for a Grammy Award in 2000.
 Coming to Power: Writings and Graphics on Lesbian S/M is a 1981 book edited by members of the lesbian feminist S/M organisation SAMOIS. It is an anthology of lesbian S/M writings.It was quickly out-of-print and reached a worldwide audience the following year when it was reprinted by Alyson Publications.
 New Directions for Women was an important early feminist newspaper. It began as a mimeographed newsletter in 1972 in New Jersey but soon expanded into a tabloid-sized quarterly newspaper. Edited by Paula Kassell of Dover a member of the Morristown chapter of National Organization for Women (NOW) the paper offered news reports from a feminist perspective as well as book reviews women's history articles and editorials and was the first national feminist newspaper in the United States.
 Jesus Rosario Sablan (born April 161952) is a Northern Mariana Islands politician. Sablan served as the Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands from January 12 1998 until January 14 2002 under former Governor Pedro Tenorio.Sablan ran as a Republican candidate for Governor in the 2001 gubernatorial election. However he was defeated in the Republican primary election by Juan Babauta who went on to win the general election in November 2001.
 A Graveyard To Let is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a locked room mystery (or more properly a subset of that category known as the impossible mystery) and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale.
 The New Taipei City Hakka Museum (Chinese: 新北市客家文化園區; pinyin: Xīnběishì Kèjiā Wénhuà Yuánqū) is a museum about the Hakka people in Sanxia District New Taipei Taiwan.
 The Enchanted Wanderer (Очарованный странник) is a short novel by Nikolai Leskov first published in Russky mir newspaper in 1873 (issues ## 272 274 276 279 281 283 286 288 290 293 295 297 300 302 304 307 309 and 311).
 Suetambu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Zigzag River is a tributary about 12 miles (19 km) long of the Sandy River in the U.S. state of Oregon. The Zigzag and one of its major tributaries the Little Zigzag River drain the Zigzag Glacier on Mount Hood a high volcanic peak in the Cascade Range. Their waters flow westward to meet the Sandy River near the community of Zigzag.
 Ozoplaning with the Wizard of Oz (1939) is the thirty-third in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors and the nineteenth and last written by Ruth Plumly Thompson. It was illustrated by John R. Neill. The phrase The Wizard of Oz was included in the title to coincide with the MGM film The Wizard of Oz which was released the same year the book was published. As such the focus of the story is on characters who appeared in the first book.
 Thomas Clarke Theaker (February 4 1812 – July 16 1883) was a U. S. Congressman and commissioner of the United States Patent Office.Theaker was a native of York Pennsylvania but moved to Bridgeport Ohio in 1830 where he became a wheelwright and machinist. Elected as a Republican to represent the Seventeenth Congressional District of Ohio to the Thirty-Sixth Congress. He failed to win re-election in 1860 but was appointed to a seat on the U.S. Patent Office's Board of Appeals.
 Strigania is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Crobylophora xanthochyta is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family that is endemic to South Africa.
 Admete bruuni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 IQ and the Wealth of Nations is a 2002 book by Dr. Richard Lynn Professor Emeritus of Psychology at the University of Ulster Northern Ireland and Dr. Tatu Vanhanen Professor Emeritus of Political Science at the University of Tampere Tampere Finland. The book argues that differences in national income (in the form of per capita gross domestic product) are correlated with differences in the average national intelligence quotient (IQ).
 Gryllotalpa is a genus of insects in the family Gryllotalpidae. It contains the following species: Gryllotalpa africana (Africa and Asia) Gryllotalpa brachyptera (Australia) Gryllotalpa cultriger (Mexico) Gryllotalpa formosana Shiraki (Taiwan) Gryllotalpa gryllotalpa (Europe) Gryllotalpa major (USA) Gryllotalpa monanka (USA Australia) Gryllotalpa orientalis (Asia) Gryllotalpa vinae world's loudest insect ↑
 Gujan (Persian: گوجان‎ also Romanized as Gūjān; also known as Gūgūn Gujūn and Kūjān) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Farsan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5468 in 1289 families.
 Deh-e Rais (Persian: ده رئيس‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ra’īs; also known as Deh-e Ra’īs-e Gārūk Deh-e Ra’īs Gārūk Deh-e Ra’īsī and Ra’īsī) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 433 in 107 families.
 The Rocket is a short story (initially published under the name Outcast of the Stars) by author Ray Bradbury.
 Hereafter is a 2010 American supernatural drama fantasy film directed co-produced and scored by Clint Eastwood written by Peter Morgan and executive produced by Steven Spielberg.
 Yalquz Aghaj (Persian: يالقوزاغاج‎ also Romanized as Yālqūz Āghāj; also known as Bāltūz Āghāj Lāl Kūzācāch Lālqūzācāch and Yālqūz Āqāj) is a village in Barvanan-e Gharbi Rural District Torkamanchay District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 79 families.
 Realtime Interrupt is a 1995 science fiction novel by James P. Hogan set in a near-future Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States.It tells the story of Joe Corrigan who awakens in a Pittsburgh hospital without memory. As director of the supersecret Oz Project he had worked on a virtual reality software project and as he slowly recalls his past he sets out on a quest to pick up the pieces of his past life. He discovers that the virtual reality is still going on.
 Puli Kiadeh (Persian: پوليكياده‎ also Romanized as Pūlī Kīādeh; also known as Polīkīādeh and Pūl Kīādeh) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 87 families.
 Tattoo was the fourth studio album released by Rory Gallagher. It demonstrated Gallagher's eclectic range of musical influences starting with the blues and adding elements from jazz folk and country.
 Time Waits for Everyone is the ninth studio album of the actor Viggo Mortensen released in 2007. It is Viggo's first release to only feature himself playing piano without the collaboration of anyone else. All tracks are improvisations inspired from trips to Hungary Germany Poland Russia and according to Mortensen remembrance of things past.The album was released on Mortensen's label Perceval Press but was later re-released on TDRS Music along with his next album At All.
 Henry FitzHugh 3rd Baron FitzHugh KG (c. 1363 – 11 January 1425) was an English administrator and diplomat who served under Henry IV and Henry V.
 Waplewko [vaˈplɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Stary Targ 15 km (9 mi) east of Sztum and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Suchorączek [suxɔˈrɔnt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Więcbork 10 km (6 mi) south of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 The Best of Rainbow is the first compilation album from British hard rock group Rainbow released in 1981.It featured only previously released studio cuts taken from the five studio LPs released at that point. However Jealous Lover the first song written by Blackmore and Turner had been available only as a B-side in Europe (to Can't Happen Here) and on the Jealous Lover EP in the USA.The original vinyl-release was a 2LP set in a gatefold-sleeve and reached No.
 The Boy Who Lost His Face (ISBN 0-679-88622-2) is a novel by Louis Sachar. The story focuses on a group of young boys. One of them (David) joining in with the 'cool crew' helps to steal an old woman's cane. When she finds them she cries out Your Doppelgänger will regurgitate on your soul! meaning that his ghostly double would puke on his soul according to a translation by David.
 Pollyanna Grows Up is a 1915 children's novel by Eleanor H. Porter. It is the first of many sequels to Porter's best-selling Pollyanna (1913) but is the only one written by Porter herself; the numerous later additions to the Pollyanna franchise were the work of other authors.
 General Sir Richard Bourke KCB (4 May 1777 – 12 August 1855) was an Irish-born Governor of New South Wales 1831-1837.As a lifelong Whig (Liberal) he encouraged the emancipation of convicts and helped bring forward the ending of transportation. In this he faced strong opposition from the military/conservative establishment and its press. He approved a new settlement on the Yarra River and named it Melbourne in honour of the incumbent British Prime Minister.
 Herochroma rosulata is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Hainan).The length of the forewings is 24–25 mm.
 Machines Of Grace is the first self titled release by Machines of Grace.
 Bilo Polje is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Cherie is the 2004 debut album by the French pop and dance music artist Cherie. The single Betcha Never was featured in the 2003 film Batman: Mystery of the Batwoman.
 The Journal of International Political Theory is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by SAGE Publications in February June and October of each year. It was published by Edinburgh University Press between 2005 and 2013. The Journal of International Political Theory (JIPT) is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed forum to explore international and global politics from a range of theoretical and philosophical perspectives.
 Vao is a village in Koeru Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Matthew William Brann (born July 25 1965) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania.
 Diogo de Melo Coutinho was the second and eleventh Captain-major of Portuguese Ceylon. Coutinho was first appointed in 1552 under Sebastian of Portugal he was Captain-major until 1552. His second term lasted from 1570-1572. He was succeeded by Duarte de Eça and António de Noronha respectively.
 Now That's What I Call Music! 7 or NOW 7 was released on 2001. Modeled after the highly successful Now That's What I Call Music! series in the United Kingdom which compiles a number of songs that are popular around the time of its release this album is the seventh edition of the Now! series in the South Asia.
 Salvation of a Saint (聖女の救済 Seijo no Kyūsai) is a 2008 novel by Keigo Higashino the fourth in his Detective Galileo series. The English translation was published in 2012.
 Chesley V. Morton is an American stockbroker securities arbitrator and former member of the Georgia House of Representatives.
 The Daniel Webster Law Office and Library also known as Daniel Webster Law Office is a National Historic Landmark on Careswell and Webster Streets in Marshfield Massachusetts.The office was built in 1832 for Daniel Webster and was added to the National Historic Register and also designated a National Historic Landmark in 1974.The National Park Service described the site's significance in 1974 as:Statesman legal scholar and orator Daniel Webster championed the Union throughout his multifaceted career. 
 Mianeh (Persian: ميانه‎ also Romanized as Mīāneh; also known as Mīāneh Bakhs) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 13 families.
 Valencia is a 2000 Lambda Literary Award-winning novel by Michelle Tea. It is an autobiographical and picaresque detailing the narrator's experiences in San Francisco's queer subculture. It includes experimentation with consensual sado-masochism after the author meets Petra a knife-wielder; as well as Willa a tormented poet; and Iris a young butch who escaped from a repressive southern upbringing to San Francisco
 The Zucchini Warriors is a young adult novel by Gordon Korman.
 Tokyo Gore Police (東京残酷警察 Tōkyō Zankoku Keisatsu) is a 2008 Japanese-American splatter film co-written edited and directed by Yoshihiro Nishimura and stars Eihi Shiina as Ruka a vengeful police officer.Tokyo Gore Police was released to several film festivals in North America. It received generally positive reviews noting that it lives up to its title by being gory perverse and bizarre.
 Blue Öyster Cult is the eponymous debut album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult released in 16 January 1972 (see 1972 in music). The album featured songs such as Cities on Flame with Rock and Roll Stairway to the Stars and Then Came the Last Days of May all of which the band still plays regularly during its concerts. Despite positive reviews the album failed to chart for some time before finally cracking the Billboard 200 on May 20 1972 peaking at No. 172.
 Tied Up in Tinsel is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-seventh novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1972. The novel takes place at a country house in England over the course of a few days during the Christmas season.
 Party sto 13o orofo is the second album of the Greek rock band Trypes and their first with Virgin Records. It was recorded in September and November 1987 and released in the same year on LP and MC. It was re-released as a CD in 1991.
 The Houston Tower was a visionary skyscraper to be built in Houston. It was one of the tallest buildings ever fully envisioned and would have taken up 16 city blocks if ever constructed. Its design was reminiscent of the Willis Tower only the tubes in the Houston Tower would number 16 and be triangular.
 The Poana River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Exotic Birds and Fruit is the seventh full-length studio album by British progressive rock band Procol Harum. It was released in 1974. Of special note is the release of the album in Argentina calling the album Pájaros Y Frutas Exóticas (literally translated as Birds and Exotic Fruit). The cover artwork for this album is from Jakob Bogdani a noted Slovakian artist whose paintings centred around exotic birds and fruit.
 Pebbles Volume 6 is a compilation album among the LP's in the Pebbles series. Subtitled The Roots of Mod Volume 6 is the only album in the Pebbles series that features primarily British music. The Pebbles Volume 6 CD is not at all related to this album.
 The Chiusella (Piemontese: Ciusèila) is a 41-kilometre (25 mi) long creek in the Piedmont region of Italy.
 Charlie Watt (born June 29 1944) is a Canadian Senator.A hunter and businessman by profession Watt is an Inuk and served as Northern officer with the Department of Indian and Northern Affairs from 1969 to 1979.
 Łyczanka [wɨˈt͡ʂaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siepraw within Myślenice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Siepraw 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Myślenice and 15 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 500.
 Rick Gray (born in Omaha Nebraska) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Arizona House of Representatives representing District 21 since January 14 2013. Gray previously served consecutively from January 10 2011 until January 14 2013 in the District 9 seat.
 Hufel-e Sharqi (Persian: هوفل شرقي‎ also Romanized as Hūfel-e Sharqī; also known as Beyt-e Seyyed Arḩāmeh Hoofol Howfel and Hūfel) is a village in Allah-o Akbar Rural District in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 14 families.
 Tales of Ordinary Madness is one of two collections of short stories by Charles Bukowski that City Lights Publishers culled from its 1972 paperback volume Erections Ejaculations Exhibitions and General Tales of Ordinary Madness. (The other volume is entitled The Most Beautiful Woman in Town). Both volumes were first published in 1983 and remain in print.
 Trip to Vienna (German:Die Reise nach Wien) is a 1973 German drama film directed by Edgar Reitz and starring Elke Sommer Hannelore Elsner and Mario Adorf. During the closing months of the Second World War two small-town German woman discover some money in an attic and decide to spend it on a trip to Vienna.
 Dan B. Frankel is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 23rd District. He was first elected to the House in 1998.
 Dayadra is a village in Bharuch taluk of Bharuch district Gujarat India. Unlike nearby villages the sewer system is underground.
 Osmund Joseph Mbilinyi (born 1 May 1972) is a Tanzanian CHADEMA politician and Member of Parliament for Mbeya City constituency since 2010.
 Loftet is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Sofla Rural District in the Central District of Kharameh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 42 families.
 The Chairman of the Board is a 1959 studio album by Count Basie and his orchestra.
 No Laughing Matter is a 1986 book co-authored by Joseph Heller and Speed Vogel.
 Fort Mountain is a mountain located in Piscataquis County Maine within Baxter State Park. Fort Mountain is flanked to the southeast by North Brother Mountain and to the north by Mullen Mountain. Although officially trailless a well-defined herd path leads to the summit of Fort from North Brother.Fort Mountain stands within the watershed of the Penobscot River which drains into Penobscot Bay.
 Indelibly Stamped is the second album by progressive rock band Supertramp released in 1971. It marked a dramatic change in direction to a more straightforward rock sound and by admission of the band's own liner notes Travelled is the only song with any resemblance to their début album. Like their début this album was a commercial failure. Original editions have a colour gate-fold cover and different text for the band name and album title.
 A Separate Creation: The Search for the Biological Origins of Sexual Orientation is a 1996 book about the development of sexual orientation by journalist Chandler Burr.
 Maryann Mahaffey (January 18 1925 – July 27 2006) was born in Burlington Iowa. She served on the Detroit City Council from 1973 until 2005 from 1990 to 1998 and from 2001 to 2005 as council president. She was the last white female city council president of Detroit. She died on July 27 2006 from leukemia aged 81.In both terms as council president she proved to be a very controversial leader.
 Muricopsis (Risomurex) deformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Mary and the Giant is an early non-science fiction novel written by Philip K. Dick in the years between 1953 and 1955 but not published until 1987.
 The Boston College Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: B. C. L. Rev.) is an academic journal of legal scholarship and student organization at Boston College Law School. It was established in 1959. Until 1977 it was known as the Boston College Industrial & Commercial Law Review. Among student-edited general-interest law reviews it is currently ranked 28th based on citations per article.The journal publishes five issues each year.
 Lake O’ the Pines is a reservoir on Big Cypress Bayou also known as Big Cypress Creek chiefly in Marion County Texas USA. The reservoir also occupies a small part of Upshur and Morris Counties. The dam is located approximately 8.5 miles (13.7 km) west of Jefferson.
 Harpagocnema is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Arctic Drift is a Dirk Pitt novel the 20th of the series and was released on November 25 2008.
 Fireman Save My Child is a 1954 American comedy film starring Hugh O'Brian and Buddy Hackett in roles originally meant for Bud Abbott and Lou Costello a last-minute substitution when Costello fell ill. Comical musical band Spike Jones and His City Slickers also appear at great length with Jones garnering top billing and Abbott and Costello remain visible in some long shots. The movie was directed by Leslie Goodwins.
 Set This House on Fire is a novel by William Styron set in a small village of the Amalfi coast in Italy centred on the themes of evil and redemption. The narrator Peter Leverett is a lawyer from the South but the story is primarily told through the recollections of its protagonist a troubled artist named Cass Kinsolving.
 Barbus nigeriensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Oppenheim and St. Johnsville Union Society Church also known as Crum Creek Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church at 110 County Highway 108 in Crum Creek Fulton County New York. It was built in 1853 and is a 2 1⁄2-story rectangular frame building three bays wide and five bays deep. It has a polychrome slate roof rests on a cut limestone foundation and is clad in brick added in 1907. It features a square open belfry with four sawn Gothic spires.
 Red Hot + Rhapsody: The Gershwin Groove is a compilation album produced by Paul Heck of the Red Hot Organization (RHO) to celebrate the birthday of George Gershwin. This compilation is the twelfth entry from the international organization's Red Hot Benefit Series.
 Daphnella ornata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The St. Francis Square is a complex of three buildings located in Ortigas Center Mandaluyong Philippines. Groundbreaking and construction began on 1999 and was completed on 2000. Due to some controversies regarding the St. Francis Square Group of Companies construction and the finishing of interiors were halted. Construction resumed in 2009 and the building was finished on 2011.
 Mohajarabad (Persian: مهاجراباد‎ also Romanized as Mohājarābād) is a village in Shur Dasht Rural District Shara District Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 11 families.
 Gilbert Hill is a 200 ft (61 m) monolith column of black basalt rock at Andheri in Mumbai India. The rock has a sheer vertical face and was formed when molten lava was squeezed out of the Earth's clefts during the Mesozoic Era about 66 million years ago. During that era molten lava had spread around most of the Indian states of Maharashtra Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh covering an area of 50000 square kilometres (19000 sq mi).
 Não São Paulo Vol. 2 is a compilation album released by famous Brazilian independent label Baratos Afins in 1987 one year after the previous installment Não São Paulo Vol. 1. Unlike the previous compilation that featured relatively well-known Brazilian post-punk bands active during the mid-1980s Vol.
 Fingerlakes Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located outside the city of Auburn New York United States in the town of Aurelius. The mall features Bass Pro Shops JCPenney and Sears.
 Dawn was a 1990 novel started by V. C. Andrews and finished by Andrew Neiderman after her death. It is the first of five books in the Cutler series.
 The Bornean Ground Cuckoo (Carpococcyx radiceus) is a large terrestrial species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family. It is as suggested by its common name endemic to the island of Borneo being found in the sections belonging to Brunei Malaysia and Indonesia. It is restricted to humid forest. It is threatened by habitat loss. It was formerly considered conspecific with the Sumatran Ground Cuckoo.
 The White-naped Swift is the largest representative of the swift family in the New World and possibly the world[citation needed]. This bird is found principally in western and central Mexico with one record on the Guatemalan border.This species is essentially a bird of wild highland landscapes where it favors cliff faces deep river gorges and high craigs. Its main habitats are pine-oak forests tropical deciduous forests and second-growth scrub.
 Abareia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Pyralidae. It contains only one species Abareia amaurodes which is found in Australia.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيرآباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Muereasca River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Peaceful Valley Ranch about three miles from the town of Medora North Dakota dates from 1885 when Benjamin Lamb a 22-year-old white male rancher from Ohio bought the land and built its first buildings. The ranch includes Late Victorian architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Wat Si Khom Kham (Thai: วัดศรีโคมคำ) is a Buddhist temple (wat) in Phayao town Phayao Province Thailand. The temple hosts the largest Chiang Saen era Buddha statue in the country. Wat Si Khom Kham is located on the shores of Phayao Lake.
 An Octopus Followed Me Home is a 1997 children's picture book by American writer and illustrator Dan Yaccarino. The book has been adapted by Yaccarino into an animated TV series called Willa's Wild Life. It is directed by Steve Sullivan.
 Tehran Times began in 1979 as a foreign-language newspaper to air the voice of the Islamic Revolution.
 St. Joseph's Church is a historic church located at 1355 North Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1880 in the gothic revival style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was designed by notable church architect Patrick C. Keely. The church's pipe organ was built in 1883 by W.K. Adams & Sons in Providence RI. It is one of the largest built by them. It was once run by water and then by bellows.
 Despite Straight Lines is the debut album by the British singer-songwriter Marilyn released in 1985.
 Ekiben (駅弁) is a 1999 Japanese mock documentary film centering on the adult video (AV) industry which was written and directed by Shungo Kaji. Ekiben refers to a box lunch sold at train stations in Japan and it is also a slang term referring to a sexual position where the man remains standing while supporting the woman who faces him with her legs wrapped around his waist. This position is the specialty of the adult video actor Chocoball Mukai who appears in the film.
 Deep Purple also referred to as Deep Purple III is the third studio album by English rock band Deep Purple released in 1969 on Harvest Records in the UK and on Tetragrammaton in the US. It was to be the last album with the original lineup.It was released at a time when the band were starting to grow as performers both live and in the studio finding their direction musically. There were some conflicts over whether the band should continue on their rawer heavier direction.
 Gibraltar Rock is a granite outcrop south of Perth in Western Australia and is in the Porongurup National Park. From the rock which is 2100 feet (640 metres) high Albany and the Great Southern Ocean can be seen. Since the 1970s the Rock along with some other local peaks has become a popular venue for rock climbers.
 Sierra Nevada also known as Sierra Nevada de Lagunas Bravas is a volcanic complex which lies in both Chile and Argentina. Some of the complex is of Holocene age but there is also an older Pleistocene volcanism evident. The older material is to the east in Argentina. The complex lies in one of the most remote regions of the Andes making study difficult. It covers a total area of 225 km².Sierra Nevada is a remote peak on the Chile-Argentina border.
 El Sicario Room 164 is a 2010 documentary film directed by Gianfranco Rosi and based on an article by Charles Bowden.
 Shahabiyeh (Persian: شهابيه‎ also Romanized as Shahābīyeh) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 52 families.
 Kavikkuyil Kavikuyil or Kavi Kuyil (Tamil: கவிக்குயில்) is a 1977 Tamil film directed by Devaraj Mohan and starring Sivakumar Sridevi and Rajinikanth. Fatafat Jayalakshmi plays Rajinikanth's love interest. Sridevi plays the younger sister of Rajinikanth. The film was shot under the S. P. T. Films banner and produced by S. P. Tamizharasi. The film premiered on July 29 1977.
 Aicuña is a municipality and village in La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Natchitochia is an extinct protocetid early whale known from the Middle Eocene (Bartonian 40.4 to 37.2 million years ago) Cook Mountain Formation in Natchitoches Parish Louisiana (31.7°N 93.1°W﻿ / 31.7; -93.1 paleocoordinates 32.6°N 84.5°W﻿ / 32.6; -84.5).Natchitochia is known from three incomplete ribs and thirteen vertebrae of which four are thoracics five lumbars one sacral two caudals and one of indeterminable position.
 The Thomas Swadkins House is a historic house at 160 Westminster Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame was built c. 1882 and features both Gothic and Italianate styling. The gable decorations and porch railing are Gothic while the house massing and brackets are Italianate. It was one of the first houses built when the Crescent Hill area was developed.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It was renovated and expanded in 2009.
 The Philippi Historic District (PHD) is national historic district located at Philippi Barbour County West Virginia USA. It encompasses 113 contributing buildings and one contributing structure dating from the mid-19th century through early 20th century.
 The Once and Future King is an Arthurian fantasy novel written by T. H. White. It was first published in 1958 and is mostly a composite of earlier works written between 1938 and 1941. The central theme is an exploration of human nature regarding power and justice as the boy Arthur becomes king and attempts to quell the prevalent might makes right attitude with his idea of chivalry.
 Cyclophora dispergaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Surinam.
 The Desert Hills are a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada.
 Farhatullah Babar (Urdu: فرحت اللہ بابر ‎) is a Pakistani technocrat left-wing statesman civil engineer and former press secretary of the former President Asif Zardari.Prior to this appointment Babar was the senator of Pakistan Peoples Party for the Senate from 2003 till 2006; he earned public limelight after giving criticism to the government Prime minister Shaukat Aziz and President Pervez Musharraf.
 Postmodern Culture is an electronic academic journal established in 1990. It is the result of an early experiment in electronic content delivery via the Internet. The journal publishes commentary and criticism on a wide range of concerns including literary theory politics and contemporary society. Occasionally the journal will feature special issues centered on a specific theme within the arena of postmodernism.
 The Pârâul Balului or Balul River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Lough Derg or Loch Derg (Irish: Loch Dearg) is a lake in County Donegal Republic of Ireland. It is near the border with Northern Ireland and lies about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of the border village of Pettigoe. It is best known for St Patrick's Purgatory a site of pilgrimage on Station Island in the lake.The lake is about 890 hectares (2200 acres) in size but is quite shallow making it dangerous during bad weather. It has stocks of pike perch and brown trout for angling.
 South Congregational Church is a historic church at 90 Main Street in New Britain Connecticut.It was built in 1865 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Poultonella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).Both described species are only found in the United States.
 The Longgang Mosque or Lungkang Mosque (Chinese: 龍岡清真寺; pinyin: Lónggāng Qīngzhēnsì) is a mosque in Zhongli City Taoyuan County Taiwan. It is the fifth mosque to be built in Taiwan.
 Monsieur Vincent is a 1947 French film about Vincent de Paul the seventeenth century priest and charity worker. It depicts his struggle to help the poor in the face of obstacles such as the Black Death.In 1949 it won an honorary Academy Award as the best foreign language film released in the United States in 1948. The Vatican placed it amongst their list of approved films under the category of Religion due to its thematic nature in 1995.
 Frank Sinatra Sings the Select Cole Porter is an album released in 1996 by American singer Frank Sinatra. It comprises his renditions of Cole Porter songs.
 Furan (also written as: Furens) is a 34 km long river in central France (Loire department) right tributary of the river Loire. It flows through the city Saint-Étienne and flows into the Loire in the small town Andrézieux-Bouthéon.Towns along the river include: Le Bessat Tarentaise Saint-Étienne La Fouillouse Andrézieux-Bouthéon
 The Cuatro Ciénegas softshell (Apalone spinifera atra) also called the black spiny softshell is a subspecies of softshell turtle in the Trionychidae family. It was formerly classified in the genus Trionyx.
 The jazz album Toshiko's Piano (released as Amazing Toshiko Akiyoshi in Japan) was the debut recording of jazz pianist Toshiko Akiyoshi. It was recorded in Japan in 1953 with Oscar Peterson's Jazz at the Philharmonic rhythm section and released as a 10 inch LP album on Norman Granz's Norgran Record label. Later 12 inch LP and (Japanese) CD re-issues also include all 4 Akiyoshi tracks from 1957's Verve Records recording Toshiko and Leon Sash at Newport. Cover artwork is by David Stone Martin.
 Rasbora sumatrana is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.
 Brvanci (Cyrillic: Брванци) is a village in the municipality of Jajce Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Systems Biology in Reproductive Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the use of systems approaches including genomic cellular proteomic metabolomic bioinformatic molecular and biochemical to address fundamental questions in reproductive biology reproductive medicine and translational research. The journal publishes research involving human and animal gametes stem cells developmental biology toxicology and clinical care in reproductive medicine.
 John Murtha (August 9 1951) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.Born in Baldwin Wisconsin Murtha attended Chippewa Valley Technical College. He has served in the Wisconsin State Assembly since 2007.
 The Abbey Road Sessions is a 2011 studio album by Ian Shaw. [1]
 When She Was Good (1967) is Philip Roth's only novel with a female protagonist Lucy Nelson. It is set in a small town in the 1940s Midwest and the subject is the moralistic young woman Lucy Nelson. When still a child Lucy had her alcoholic father thrown in jail. Ever since then she has been trying to reform the men around her even if that ultimately means destroying herself in the process.
 Kinross House is a late 17th-century country house overlooking Loch Leven near Kinross in Perth and Kinross Scotland. Construction of the house was begun in 1686 by the architect Sir William Bruce as his own home. It is regarded as one of his finest works and was called by Daniel Defoe the most beautiful and regular piece of Architecture in Scotland. The house which is undoubtedly the most important early classical mansion in Scotland retains most of its original internal decoration.
 Milkweed is a 2003 young adult historical fiction novel by American author Jerry Spinelli. The book is about a boy in Warsaw Poland in the years of World War II during the Holocaust. Over time he is taken in by a Jewish group of orphans and he must avoid the German troops (or Jackboots) while living on the streets with other orphans. The story narrator is the boy in the future living in America recalling his past experiences.
 The Engines of God is a novel by American science fiction author Jack McDevitt.
 Kõrbja is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 And Four to Go (British title Crime and Again) is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1958.
 Nipponaphera quasilla is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Blake & Rice is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake and bluegrass guitarist Tony Rice released on February 14 1992. It is their first album together. They would team up again for Norman Blake and Tony Rice 2 that same year.
 Udaan (English translation - Flight) is 1997 Hindi language movie directed by Asrani and starring Rekha Saif Ali Khan Prem Chopra Danny Denzongpa Dalip Tahil Asrani Deven Varma Annu Kapoor Mohnish Bahl.
 Alvania dijkstrai is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Normal Happiness is the sixth album by Robert Pollard. Like its predecessor it was recorded with Pollard on basic guitar and vocal tracks with instrumental overdubs from producer Todd Tobias.
 Mark D. Sickles (born February 18 1957) is an American politician. He has served in the Virginia House of Delegates since 2004 representing the 43rd district in the Fairfax County suburbs of Washington D.C. Sickles is a member of the Democratic Party; he has been the House minority caucus chair since 2012. He announced in an Washington Post opinion that he is gay.
 The Wellhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Rosenlaui in the Bernese Oberland. On its eastern side is the Rosenlaui Glacier.
 Fusolatirus coreanicus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Aghcheh Ziveh (Persian: اغچه زيوه‎ also Romanized as Āghcheh Zīveh) is a village in Solduz Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 7 families.
 Scopula trapezistigma is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Java.
 Floyd I. Clarke (born January 7 1942) is a former acting director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in the United States.Clarke was born in Phoenix Arizona. He attended George Washington University in Washington D.C. where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts and later a law degree. He joined the FBI as a Special Agent in 1964 working in the Birmingham Boston Philadelphia and Kansas City Divisions as well as at FBI Headquarters.
 Canisp (Scottish Gaelic: Canasp) is a mountain in the far north west of Scotland. It is situated in the parish of Assynt in the county of Sutherland 25 kilometres north of the town of Ullapool. Canisp reaches a height of 847 metres (2779 feet) and qualifies as a Corbett and Marilyn hill. The mountain's name translates from the Old Norse language as “White Mountain”.
 A Time to Run is a political novel written by Senator Barbara Boxer with Mary-Rose Hayes. It was published by Chronicle Books and released late in 2005 to mixed and frequently partisan reviews.
 Vanmam is an upcoming Indian Tamil film directed by Jai Krishna a former assistant of Kamal Haasan. It features Vijay Sethupathi Kreshna and Sunaina in the lead roles. Filming began in late April 2014 in Nagercoil. The film will have music scored by S. Thaman and cinematography by Balabharani. Set in Kanyakumari district the film is a rural tale about the life of two friends played by Sethupathi and Kreshna.
 St Chad's Church Wybunbury was an Anglican church in the village of Wybunbury Cheshire England. The body of the church has been demolished but the tower still stands. The tower is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. The site of the church is a Scheduled Monument.
 Antrozoini is a tribe of bats in the subfamily Vespertilioninae of the family Vespertilionidae. It includes at least the pallid bat (Antrozous pallidus) Van Gelder's bat (Bauerus dubiaquercus) and the fossil Anzanycteris; some classifications also include the genera Rhogeessa and Baeodon.
 Elisabeth Débrosse Delatour Préval (born around 1962) is a Haitian businesswoman presidential economic advisor and economist. She has been the First Lady of Haiti since December 6 2009 when she married President René Préval.
 Juneteenth is Ralph Ellison's second novel published posthumously in 1999 as a 368-page condensation of over 2000 pages written by him over a period of forty years. It was originally written without any real organization and Ellison's longtime friend biographer and critic John F. Callahan put the novel together editing it in the way he thought Ellison would want it to be written.
 Hinasuri is an extinct genus of rhea from the Pliocene. Its fossils have been found in Argentina.
 The Beylerbeyi Palace (Turkish: Beylerbeyi Sarayı Beylerbeyi meaning Lord of Lords) is located in the Beylerbeyi neighbourhood of Istanbul Turkey at the Asian side of the Bosphorus. An Imperial Ottoman summer residence built in the 1860s it is now situated immediately north of the 1973 Bosphorus Bridge.
 The Atlantic sailfish Istiophorus albicans is a species of marine fish in the family Istiophoridae of the order Perciformes. It is found in the Atlantic Oceans and the Caribbean Sea except for large areas of the central North Atlantic and the central South Atlantic from the surface to depths of 200 m (656 ft).
 Perrysville is a village in Ashland County Ohio United States. The population was 735 at the 2010 census. The area was first permanently settled in 1810 but the village was not laid out until 1812.
 Northern Star is the first album by the trip hop duo Groove Armada. It was released on 9 March 1998 on Tummy Touch Records.
 Trzaski [ˈtʂaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Foolish is the soundtrack to the film of the same name. It was released on March 23 1999 through No Limit Records and was mainly produced by Beats By the Pound. The soundtrack proved to be fairly successful peaking at #32 on the Billboard 200 and #10 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. It was certified gold by the RIAA on April 27 1999 for sales of over 500000 copies.
 The Waterboy is a 1998 American sports/comedy film directed by Frank Coraci (who played Robert 'Roberto' Boucher Sr.) starring Adam Sandler Kathy Bates Fairuza Balk Henry Winkler Jerry Reed Larry Gilliard Jr. Blake Clark Peter Dante and Jonathan Loughran and produced by Robert Simonds and Jack Giarraputo.Lynn Swann Lawrence Taylor Jimmy Johnson Bill Cowher Paul Wight and Rob Schneider have cameo appearances.
 Nask (Persian: نسك‎) is a village in Keshit Rural District Golbaf District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 81 families.
 The Sand Pebbles is a 1966 American period war film directed by Robert Wise. It tells the story of an independent rebellious U.S. Navy Machinist's Mate First Class aboard the fictional gunboat USS San Pablo in 1920s China.The film features Steve McQueen Richard Attenborough Richard Crenna Candice Bergen Mako Simon Oakland Larry Gates and Marayat Andriane (later known as a writer of erotic fiction under the nom de plume Emmanuelle Arsan).
 The Ultimate is an album by American jazz drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1968 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Vrelo is a village in the municipality of Ub Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1684 people.
 Hobo is an art and culture magazine based in New York City and Paris and founded in Vancouver in 2002.Through collections of interviews photo essays and commentaries Hobo incites a romantic conception of a bohemian and nonconformist spirit and is as a matter of course also ultimately a portrait of the personal interests sentiments lives and aesthetics of its founders and editors.It is mostly known for in-depth interviews of well-known actors and artists and is often associated with the west and a reportage style of photography that expresses the beauty of natural rural landscapes.
 Ochsenkopf is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps close to the town of Malbun with a height of 2286 metres (7500 ft).
 Mand-e Sofla (Persian: مندسفلي‎ also Romanized as Mand-e Soflá; also known as Kontekī and Mand-e Pā’īn) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 598 in 125 families.
 Greyfriars Church is an evangelical Anglican church and former Franciscan friary in the town centre of Reading in the English county of Berkshire. The church forms part of the Church of England's Diocese of Oxford.It is the oldest Franciscan church still in use as a place of worship in the UK and is said to be the most complete surviving example of Franciscan architecture in England.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād and Firooz Abad; also known as Hājīābād) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 32 families.
 The Pierre Avoi is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Saxon in the canton of Valais. It is located on the chain between the main Rhone valley and the valley of Bagnes.The closest locality is Verbier from where several trails lead to the summit of Pierre Avoi.
 Odostomia parvacutangula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Sean Flaherty (born June 11 1985) is an American former member of the Maine House of Representatives. He graduated with a Bachelors degree from George Washington University in 2007. He then went on work for the American Association for Justice. On November 4 2008 Flaherty defeated incumbent John F. McDonough winning 56 percent of the vote.
 Kozuby [kɔˈzubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokój within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Pokój 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Namysłów and 29 km (18 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Palaivana Paravaigal (English: Desert Birds) is a 1990 Tamil crime film directed by Senthilnathan. The film features Sarath Kumar Anandaraj newcomer Udhayan and newcomer Dharani in lead roles. The film produced by K. S. Srinivasan and K. S. Sivaraman had musical score by newcomer Ilayaganga and was released on 15 September 1990.
 Mussonena campbelli is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 The Bay of Love and Sorrows is a 1998 novel by David Adams Richards. It was adapted into a film in 2002.
 Sacred Hunger is a historical novel by Barry Unsworth first published in 1992. It shared the Booker Prize that year with Michael Ondaatje's The English Patient.The story is set in the mid 18th century and centres around the Liverpool Merchant a slave ship employed in the triangular trade a central trade route in the Atlantic slave trade.
 Shaye (Persian: شايع‎ also Romanized as Shāye‘; also known as Shāyeh) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 577 in 158 families.
 The European Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences is a peer-reviewed medical journal and the official journal of the European Federation for Pharmaceutical Sciences. It publishes research reports review articles and scientific commentaries on all aspects of the pharmaceutical sciences. The abstracts of the biennial European Congress of Pharmaceutical Sciences are published in a supplement of the journal.
 The Antigo Post Office is the post office serving the city of Antigo Wisconsin. The post office was built in 1916 in the Classical Revival style using brick with limestone and granite features; at the time it cost $60000 to build. Antigo has had a post office since 1879; however this post office was the first owned by the federal government.
 Anaciaeschna triangulifera is a species of dragonfly in family Aeshnidae. It is found in Angola the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Kenya Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Sierra Leone South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi.
 Qatrania is an extinct genus of primates. There are two known species.
 The Lesser Punch (Dodona dipoea) is a small but striking butterfly found in India that belongs to the Punches and Judies that is the family Riodinidae.
 Son of Babylon (Arabic: ابن بابل‎) is a 2010 Iraqi drama film directed by Mohamed Al-Daradji Variety's Middle Eastern Filmmaker of the year 2010. The film was developed through The Sundance Institute and was selected as Iraq's official entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist.
 The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1950 is a 1950 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. An abridged edition was published in the UK by Grayson in 1951 under the title The Best Science Fiction Stories. The stories had originally appeared in 1949 in the magazines Astounding The Saturday Evening Post Fantasy and Science Fiction Fantastic Adventures Maclean’s Thrilling Wonder Stories Blue Book and Startling Stories.
 Shinka-ron is Akinori Nakagawa's box set DVD.
 Center City Tower was the working name of a formerly proposed skyscraper in downtown Philadelphia.Designed and proposed by the firm now known as KlingStubbins (designers of Philadelphia's Penn Center and Bell Atlantic Tower) the building would have risen to a height of 1050 feet (320 m) and 75 stories making it the tallest building in The United States outside New York and Chicago surpassing the height of the Bank of America Plaza in Atlanta.
 Cochranella spiculata is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 First Baptist Church is a historic church on College Street in Paintsville Kentucky.
 Mit Gas is the second studio album by the musical supergroup Tomahawk. It was released on May 6 2003 through Ipecac Recordings the record label owned by vocalist Mike Patton. Mit Gas charted in several countries reaching the top 20 in Norway's VG-lista and the United States' Billboard Independent Albums charts.Recorded after an unreceptive tour with the band Tool Mit Gas has been described by critics as a more focussed and unified album than its predecessor Tomahawk.
 Minyeobong is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 930 metres.
 Unlikely Emergency is the breakout album by Serena Ryder released April 5 2005.In 2009 the song Sing Sing was selected for Music Monday a special event to highlight music education in Canada which saw nearly two million Canadian schoolchildren singing the song in class on May 5.
 Jon D. Levy (born 1954) is a Justice of the Maine Supreme Court and a United States District Judge-Designate of the United States District Court for the District of Maine.
 Feminist Criminology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of criminology especially research and theory that highlights the gendered nature in areas such as girls and women as victims feminist theories of crime and girls and women and the justice system. The journal's editor-in-chief is Jana L. Jasinski (The University of Central Florida).
 Kraken Titan Tribute is the name of a studio album tribute to Colombian group Kraken It was released on 2 April 2004 by Ethnicity Records.
 Cenotaph is an EP by Bolt Thrower. Track 1 and 2 are recorded at Slaughterhouse studios in September 1990 Track 3 is recorded at Slaugherhouse studios in July 1989. All three are produced by Colin Richardson and Bolt Thrower. Track 4 is recorded live at Kilbum National November 16 1989. It is a rough audience recording [...] that we feel captures the atmosphere of the Grindcrusher Tour. It is released on Earache: Mosh 33 in 1990 and is deleted now.
 Magudam is a 1992 Tamil drama film written and directed by Prathap Pothan. It stars Sathyaraj Bhanupriya and Gouthami in the lead roles.
 The Stephanoberyciformes are an order of marine ray-finned fishes consisting of about 45 species the majority (37) of which belong to the ridgehead family (Melamphaidae). The Stephanoberyciformes are mostly uncommon deep-sea species with little if any importance to commercial fishery. They share many morphological similarities with the Beryciformes their sister order.Some sources classify their other close relatives the whalefishes as a superfamily herein named Cetomimoidea.
 Geumjeongsan (or Geumjeong Mountain) is a mountain in the city of Busan in South Korea. It covers a large surface that extends into Dongnae-gu in the south Buk-gu in the west Geumjeong-gu in the east and the city of Yangsan in the north. Its highest peak Godang-bong the highest peak in the region stands at 801.5 meters on the city limit between Busan and Yangsan.Geumjeongsan is the city's most popular hiking destination and thousands of people climb it during the week-ends.
 Nebria speiseri is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in all states of former Yugoslavia except for Croatia Macedonia and Slovenia.
 The Sonoyta River is a river of Mexico.
 Rogozna (Serbian Cyrillic: Рогозна) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia near the city of Novi Pazar. Its highest peak Crni vrh has an elevation of 1479 meters above sea level.
 The Amethyst Brown Dove (Phapitreron amethystinus) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines. It occurs on most large islands except Palawan but is generally rather scarce on Luzon and Mindanao and evn rarer elswhere. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. it is found in lowlands but probably prefers middle and high elevations at 500-2000m.
 Conus guinaicus is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk. It is part of the genus Conus more popularly known as cone snails cone shells or cones.
 The Question is an album by The Slackers released on November 20 1998 (see 1998 in music) on Hell-Cat Records. The record is dedicated to Tommy McCook and Dick Qualiana.
 The Whitelaw Hotel is an historic structure located in the Shaw neighborhood of the Northwest quadrant of Washington D.C. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Boy and Bicycle is the first film made by Ridley Scott. The black and white short was made on 16mm film while Scott was a photography student at the Royal College of Art in London in 1962.Although a very early work - Scott would not direct his first feature for another 15 years - the film is significant in that it features a number of visual elements that would become motifs of Scott's work.
 Blues Preacher is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer recorded in 1992 and released on the Japanese DIW label and in the US on Columbia/DIW.
 Dr. Miklós Seszták (born 1968) is a Hungarian jurist and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Kisvárda (Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County Constituency VII) since 2010. He was elected one of the vice presidents of the Christian Democratic People's Party (KDNP).
 Of Rivers and Religion is an album by American folk musician John Fahey released in 1972. It was his first recording on a major label (Reprise Records) and is credited to John Fahey and His Orchestra. It marked a significant change from Fahey's previous releases incorporating a backing band and performing songs and arrangements in a Dixieland jazz style. Although Time picked it as one of the Top Ten albums of 1972 it was also a difficult album to market and had little enthusiasm at Reprise.
 Su Gavaber (Persian: سوگوابر‎ also Romanized as Sū Gavāber) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 18 families.
 Cyanogaster noctivaga is a species of characin native to the Rio Negro Brazil. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 The Peabody River is a 12.9 mile long (20.7 km) river in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Androscoggin River which flows south and east into Maine joining the Kennebec River near the Atlantic Ocean.The Peabody River rises in Pinkham Notch on the eastern slopes of Mount Washington.
 Alvania syngenes is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Balgarska Polyana (Bulgarian: Българска Поляна)is a village in the municipality of Topolovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 My Fighting Gentleman (also known as A Son of Battle) is a 1917 American silent historical drama film directed by Edward Sloman with the storyline by Doris Schroeder and Nell Shipman. Starring William Russell and Francelia Billington.
 The Columbia Gardens Cemetery is a cemetery located in the Ashton Heights Historic District of Arlington Virginia
 Van Zile House is located in Midland Park Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1736 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 Underwater Warrior is a 1958 diving film.
 Dil Apna Punjabi (English: Our Heart is Punjabi) is a Punjabi feature film. It is also the first Punjabi Film to be produced by any Bollywood Production house i.e. Tips It was released on 3 September 2006. It stars Harbhajan Mann Neeru Bajwa and Dara Singh. Tips Films maiden Punjabi venture Dil Apna Punjabi produced by Kumar S. Taurani & Ramesh S. Taurani written & directed by Manmohan Singh.
 Francis Patrick Frank Fahy (12 January 1880 – 14 July 1953) was an Irish teacher barrister and politician. He served for nearly 35 years as a Teachta Dála (TD) first for Sinn Féin and later as a member of Fianna Fáil before becoming Ceann Comhairle (chairman) for over 19 years.
 The Czar and His Cortège Going to Versailles (French: Cortège de tzar allant à Versailles) was an 1896 French silent actuality film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's company Star Film and is numbered 48 in its catalogues. The film is currently presumed lost.
 Banda Paramasivam is a Tamil film released in 2003.The movie is remade from the 1998 Malayalam Movie Mattupetti Machan starring Mukesh BaijuJagathy Sreekumar and Oduvil Unnikrishnan which was a remake of the Tamil film Chinna Mapillai. It is also remade in telugu as Hungama in 2005 and in hindi as Housefull 2 in 2012.
 Eumenogaster notabilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1864. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Frank Dewey Allen (August 16 1850 – January 23 1910) was an American attorney and politician who served as a member of Massachusetts House of Representatives the Massachusetts Governor's Council and was the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts.
 Sleepy Lagoon is a 1943 American musical comedy film directed by Joseph Santley and featuring comedienne Judy Canova and singer Dennis Day. The film was written by Prescott Chaplin while Frank Gill Jr. and George Carleton Brow wrote the screenplay. While closely coincident in time the movie was entirely unrelated to the Sleepy Lagoon murder which led to the Zoot Suit Riots nor to the song which lent its name to that incident.
 Life and Philosophy of Swami Vivekananda (1989) is an English book written by G. S Banhatti. This is a biography of Swami Vivekananda. The books was published by Atlantic Publishers & Dist New Delhi.
 The Public Utility Building (Also known as Gandhi Tower) is a skyscraper on Mahatma Gandhi Road overlooking from the top floor the entire scenic beauty of Bangalore India.
 La città dolente (also known as City of Pain) is a 1948 Italian drama film directed by Mario Bonnard.It was shown as part of a retrospective Questi fantasmi: Cinema italiano ritrovato at the 65th Venice International Film Festival.
 The Lord of Steel is the eleventh studio album of the American heavy metal band Manowar. It was first released as a download on June 16 2012 and the limited-edition pre-release special edition CD of the British heavy metal magazine Metal Hammer on June 26 2012; The retail edition of The Lord Of Steel will feature different mixes and mastering spectacular new art by fantasy artist Ken Kelly and other surprises. The album will be available as CD limited-edition vinyl and digital album.
 The Plummer Building in Rochester Minnesota is one of the many architecturally significant buildings on the Mayo Clinic campus. This new Mayo Clinic building opened in 1927 added much needed space to the ever expanding Mayo practice. The architect of record is Ellerbe & Co. now Ellerbe Becket. It was the third building designed by the firm for the Mayo Clinic. The Mayo Clinic Buildings were listed on the U.S.
 Labtayt Sulci is a system of deep fractures on Saturn's moon Enceladus. Labtayt Sulci was first seen in low-resolution Voyager 1 images but was observed in much more detail by the Cassini spacecraft during its February 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is centered at 28.0° South Latitude 284.0° West Longitude and is approximately 162 kilometers long 4 kilometers wide and 1 kilometer deep.
 Podkomorzyce [pɔtkɔmɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] (German Niemietzke 1938-1945 Puttkamerhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Czarna Dąbrówka 26 km (16 mi) north of Bytów and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.The village has a population of 138.
 Staunton Harold Reservoir is a large reservoir under the management of Severn Trent Water located between Melbourne and Ticknall in Derbyshire England. Most of the water is within Derbyshire but a small part of the southern shore is over the border in Leicestershire.The reservoir was built in 1964 at the behest of the River Dove Water Board meant to serve Leicester and the towns of northern Leicestershire.
 Chiesa di Santa Maria alla Fontana is a church in Milan Italy. Built in 1508 it was traditionally attributed to Leonardo da Vinci Bramante or Cristoforo Solari (under the commission of Charles II d'Amboise the French governor of the city who was allegedly healed by a spring on the site of the future church in 1507): a document found in 1982 however revealed that it was designed by Giovanni Antonio Amadeo.
 Korit (Persian: كريت‎ also Romanized as Korīt; also known as Ebrāhīmābād-e Pā’īn and Korīt-e Pā’īn) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1677 in 490 families.
 The Trouble with Normal: Sex Politics and the Ethics of Queer Life is a book by Michael Warner that discusses the role of same-sex marriage as a goal for gay rights activists. First published in 1999 by The Free Press an imprint of Simon and Schuster it was re-published in 2000 in paperback by Harvard University Press. Warner argues that the right to marry is an inadequate and ultimately undesirable goal for gay rights activism.
 The La Sal Mountains or La Sal Range are a mountain range located in Grand and San Juan counties Utah along the Utah/Colorado border. The range rises above and southeast of Moab and north of the town of La Sal. This range is part of the Manti-La Sal National Forest and the southern Rocky Mountains. The maximum elevation is at Mount Peale reaching 12721 feet (3877 m) above sea level. The range contains three clusters of peaks separated by passes.
 Coming Home is the eighth studio album by Lionel Richie released on September 12 2006 by Island Records. It debuted at number six on the Billboard 200 becoming his biggest hit album since 1986's Dancing on the Ceiling. As of May 2012 the album has sold 449000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan.The music video for I Call It Love features his daughter Nicole Richie.
 Pavana Ganga (Kannada: ಪಾವನಗಂಗಾ) is a 1977 Kannada film directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by C. Jayaram. It is based on the novel of the same name by Krishnamoorthy Puranik. The film starred Srinath Aarathi and Ashok in lead roles.The film was a musical blockbuster with all the songs composed by Rajan-Nagendra considered evergreen hits.
 Swimming Pool is a 2001 German slasher film known in Germany as Der Tod feiert mit The Pool in the USA. It is directed by Boris von Sychowski.
 Star Lake is a lake in Vilas County Wisconsin United States. The lake covers an area of 1206 acres (4.88 km2) and reaches a maximum depth of 68 ft (21 m). The community of Star Lake Wisconsin is located on the lake's northeast shore. Fish species enzootic to Pelican Lake include bluegill largemouth bass muskellunge northern pike smallmouth bass and walleye.
 The Holy Rosary Cathedral (Chinese: 前金天主堂; pinyin: qiánjīn tiānzhǔ táng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: cheng-kim thian-chu tong; officially called Chinese: 玫瑰聖母聖殿主教座堂) is the oldest Catholic church in Taiwan located in Lingya District Kaohsiung. It is the seat of the Bishop of Kaohsiung. It was first established in 1860 and rebuilt to its present dimensions in 1928. The architectural style is modeled after both Gothic and Romanesque.
 Wondrous Oblivion is a 2003 British film directed and written by Paul Morrison and produced by Jonny Persey.Set in suburban south London in 1960 several themes run through the film though the main storyline concerns the friendship between a young boy David Wiseman (Sam Smith) who is the son of European Jewish immigrants and his new next door neighbours father and Dennis (Delroy Lindo) and young daughter Judy (Leonie Elliott) who are West Indian immigrants.
 Nita Rusich Hutter (born October 29 1949) is a community college administrator from New Orleans Louisiana who is a Republican former member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 104 in nearby St. Bernard Parish.
 Music for Pleasure is the second studio album by English punk rock band the Damned. It was released on 18 November 1977 through record label Stiff.
 My Life with Morrissey is a 2003 independent feature film written produced and directed by Andrew Overtoom. The film won the Audience Award at the Black Point Film Festival in 2003.
 The Tällihorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located east of the Weissmies in the canton of Valais. It lies in the Val Divedro south of the main Alpine watershed.
 Henryków [xɛnˈrɨkuf] (German: Heinrichau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Ziębice 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 53 kilometres (33 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 The William Friend Young House at 550 E. Five Hundred N. in Pleasant Grove Utah United States was built during 1885-86. Its exterior walls are soft rock.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Asuka Historical Museum (飛鳥資料館 Asuka Shiryōkan) is a historical museum in Okuyama Asuka Nara Prefecture Japan. The museum was founded in 1975 and is a unit of the Nara National Research Institute for Cultural Properties.
 Girls Girls Girls is a 1989 album collecting songs by British singer/songwriter Elvis Costello from 1977–86. Costello chose and ordered the tracks on the album himself and accompanied them with extensive liner notes. The title of the album is sometimes rendered as Girls! Girls! Girls! or Girls +£÷ Girls =$& Girls (using typography from the album cover).
 Schoolhouse Rocks the Vote!: A Benefit for Rock the Vote is a tribute album based on the Emmy Award-winning animated TV series Schoolhouse Rock!. It was released by Rhino Records in 1998 as a fundraiser for Rock the Vote the youth voting advocacy and political awareness organisation. It contains 10 tracks some of which are covers of songs from the original Schoolhouse Rock! programmes though some are new songs in the style of the cartoon.
 Help at Any Cost: How the Troubled-Teen Industry Cons Parents and Hurts Kids is a non-fiction book by Maia Szalavitz analyzing the controversy surrounding the tough love behavior modification industry. The book was published February 16 2006 by Riverhead Books. Szalavitz focuses on four programs: Straight Incorporated a copy of the Straight Inc. program called KIDS North Star wilderness boot camp and the World Wide Association of Specialty Programs and Schools.
 Mount Odasshu (オダッシュ山 Odasshu-yama) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. The Yasuda River route leads to the peak.
 Terror and Consent: The Wars for the Twenty-First Century is a work by Philip Bobbitt that calls for a reconceptualization of what he calls the Wars on Terror. First published in 2008 by Alfred A. Knopf in the U.S. and by the Allen Lane imprint of Penguin in the U.K. Terror and Consent takes as its point of departure the perspectives Bobbitt developed in The Shield of Achilles: War Peace and the Course of History.
 The Young Rascals is the debut album by rock band The Young Rascals. The album was released on March 28 1966 and rose to #15 on the Billboard Top LPs chart and #10 in Cashbox.Most of the songs on The Young Rascals were covers of songs written or originally performed by other artists with only Do You Feel It authored by the band.
 The Worcester City Hall and Common the civic heart of the city are a historic city hall and town common at 455 Main Street in Worcester Massachusetts.The Common established in 1669 originally encompassed about 20 acres (8.1 ha) compared to its present size of 4.4 acres (1.8 ha). A meeting house used for both town meetings and religious functions was constructed on the Common in 1719 on the same site as the current City Hall.
 Princess Lover! (プリンセスラバー! Purinsesu Rabaa!) is a Japanese visual novel and the first title developed by Ricotta. It was first released as an adult game for the PC on June 27 2008 in both limited and regular editions which was followed by an all-ages release for the PlayStation 2 on January 28 2010.
 Breaking Wind is a 2012 vampire spoof film based on the Twilight film series directed by Craig Moss. It stars Heather Ann Davis Eric Callero Frank Pacheco and Danny Trejo. Distributed by Lionsgate Home Entertainment which ironically became in 2012 a sister company to Twilight studio Summit Entertainment it wound up released only on DVD in the United States.
 Sepideh – Reaching for the Stars is a 2013 Danish-Irani documentary film written and directed by Talal Derki. The film premiered in-competition at the 2013 International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam on November 24 2013.The film later premiered in-competition in the World Cinema Documentary Competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 17 2014.After it's premiere at the Sundance Film Festival the film become available in United States and Canada by iTunes.
 Neemera is a village of geographical importance in Sikar district of Rajasthan India. It is located at a distance of 27 km from Sikar town in south. The population of the village is 4359 out of which 1215 are SC and 113 ST people. There is an ancient Temple dedicated to Laxmi Narayan(God of Power). The sacred shrine of Jeenmata is near the village and is located at a distance of 2.7 km from Nimera it is believed to be a thousand years old.
 BH Dani stands for Bosanskohercegovački Dani (English translation: Bosnian-Herzegovinian Days) is a Bosnian language weekly magazine published in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Two By Four (released is a 1989 by EmArcy label) is a studio album by jazz bassist Marc Johnson released on the ECM label.
 Mount Pantokrator (sometimes Pantocrator Pantōkrator Παντοκράτωρ in Greek) is a mountain located in north-eastern Corfu. At 906 metres (2972 ft) it is the highest mountain on the island. At the summit the whole of Corfu can be seen as well as Albania which lies a short distance from the island. On particularly clear days it is also possible to see Italy despite it being around 130 km (81 mi) away.
 Klågerup Castle (Swedish: Klågerup slott) is a castle in Svedala Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 The white Amur bream (Parabramis pekinensis) is a species of cyprinid fish of the monotypic genus Parabramis. The species was originally described as Abramis pekinensis. The name is derived from the Greek word para meaning the side of  and the Old French word breme a type of freshwater fish. It is found from Eastern Europe across Asia to China where it is a very important food fish. It has been introduced in several of the countries it is found in.
 Don is a 1978 Indian action-thriller film produced by Nariman Irani and directed by Chandra Barot with music by Kalyanji Anandji and lyrics by Anjaan and Indeewar. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Zeenat Aman Pran Iftekhar Helen and Om Shivpuri Satyen Kappu and Pinchoo Kapoor. It was the third-highest grossing Bollywood movie of 1978 and was classified a golden jubilee by Box Office India. A remake and sequel were released on 20 October 2006 and 23 December 2011 respectively.
 Erelieva quantulella is a species of snout moth. It was described by Hulst in 1887. It is found in the south-eastern United States.
 Eric William Hoskins OC MSC (born November 29 1960) is a Canadian administrator and politician. Hoskins was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in a by-election on September 17 2009 representing St. Paul's as a member of the Ontario Liberal Party. Hoskins was named the Ontario Minister of Citizenship and Immigration January 18 2010. He was appointed as Minister of Children and Youth Services in October 2011 following the 2011 Provincial Election.
 Fusinus kobelti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Dragon Ball Z the Movie: The World's Strongest (ドラゴンボールZ　この世で一番強いヤツ Doragon Bōru Zetto: Kono Yo de Ichiban Tsuyoi Yatsu) also known by Toei's own English title The Strongest Guy in the World is the second feature movie in the Dragon Ball Z franchise. It was originally released in Japan on March 10 1990 between episodes 39 and 40 of DBZ at the Toei Manga Matsuri film festival along with the second Akuma-kun movie (Welcome To Devil Land) and the 1990 movie version of Sally the Witch.
 Sri Krishna Leelalu (Telugu: శ్రీ కృష్ణ లీలలు) is a 1935 Telugu film. Famous music director Saluri Rajeswara Rao played the role of Bala Krishna.
 St Paul's Church (Danish: Sankt Pauls Kirke) also known as Hadsten Church (Danish: Hadsten Kirke) is a Danish church located in Hadsten Denmark.
 Until 1968 the Kleine Weser und Werdersee were part of the river Weser in Bremen Germany.
 Zubovići is a village in Croatia located on the island of Pag.
 Diplochaetus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Diplochaetus emaciatus (Bates 1891) Diplochaetus megacephalus Bousquet & Laplante 1997 Diplochaetus planatus (G.Horn 1876) Diplochaetus rutilus (Chevrolat 1963)↑
 Surendra Mohan Kumaramangalam (Tamil: சுரேந்திர மோகன் குமாரமங்கலம்) (b. November 1 1916 - d. May 30 1973) was an Indian politician and communist theorist who was a member of the Communist Party of India and later the Indian National Congress. He served as a member of Lok Sabha for Pondicherry from 1971 to 1972.
 The Tour Majunga is a building under construction in La Défense near Paris in France. It is due to reach a height of 193.05 m (top of its spire) upon completion in 2013. It could become the third tallest skypscraper in France after First (231m) and Montparnasse (210m).. Main architect of the tour is Jean-Paul Viguier.
 Paracuneus immaculatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.There is a subspecies: Paracuneus immaculatus peronianus (Tenison-Woods 1876) occurring in Quarantine Bay New South Wales Australia. .
 Solakovići (Busovača) is a village in the municipality of Busovača Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Little Girl Blue is the debut album by Jazz singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone (1933–2003) for Bethlehem Records. It was also released as Jazz as Played in an Exclusive Side Street Club. Nina was in her mid-20s at the time of this album and still aspiring to be a classical concert pianist. She immediately sold the rights for the songs on this album to Bethlehem for $3000. In the end this cost her royalty profits of more than a million dollars.
 Heart Talk (Khmer:ទំនួញបេះដូង ) is a 2008 Khmer horror film a second film produced by Khmer Mekong Films after the successful of 2007's romantic comedy Staying Single When and a television series the Taste of Life. It is directed by UK director Bill Broomfield and Cambodian young director Tom Som and written by British novelist and screenwriter with much personal experience of Cambodia Matt Baylis but translated into Khmer script by Kiri Roat.
 HM Prison Lindholme is a Category C/D men's prison located near Hatfield Woodhouse in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster South Yorkshire England. Lindholme is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is situated in close proximity to Hatfield and Moorland prisons.
 Hierodula patellifera common name Giant Asian Mantis Asian Mantis or Indochina Mantis is a species of praying mantis belonging to genus Hierodula.
 The kob (Kobus kob) is an antelope found across sub-Saharan Africa from Senegal to South Sudan. Found along the northern savanna it is often seen in Murchison Falls and Queen Elizabeth National Park Uganda; Garamba and Virunga National Park and the Democratic Republic of the Congo as well as grassy floodplains of South Sudan.Kob are found in wet areas (such as floodplains) where they eat grasses. Kob are diurnal but inactive during the heat of the day.
 The Basilica of the Immaculate Conception is a Roman Catholic church located at 74 West Main Street in Waterbury Connecticut. The parish traces its roots to November 1 1847 when a group of Catholics in the area under the leadership of pastor Father Michael O’Neil purchased a former Episcopal church and dedicated the parish to St. Peter. The group previously rented Washington Hall at West Main Street and Exchange Place.
 Asheville Mall is a regional mall in Asheville North Carolina.Asheville Mall is located off Interstate 240 in eastern Asheville. It is predominantly a one-story mall. Its anchors are Belk J. C. Penney Sears and two Dillard's locations Dillard's South and Dillard's North.
 Westfield Bondi Junction is a large upmarket shopping centre located in the suburb of Bondi Junction in Sydney New South Wales Australia. The six-level complex notable for its modern structure and retail mix has several anchor tenants including David Jones and Myer department stores Coles and Woolworths supermarkets a Greater Union cinema as well as a flagship Harvey Norman store.
 Hot Snow (Russian: Горячий снег Goryachi Sneg) is a 1972 Soviet film directed by Gabriel Yegiazarov.
 Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong (Louis Cha). It was first serialised concurrently from 3 September 1963 to 27 May 1966 in the newspapers Ming Pao in Hong Kong and Nanyang Siang Pau in Singapore. The novel has since spawned several adaptations in film and television in both mainland China and Hong Kong. The novel's title has also been a challenge for translators for years.
 The Roßkopf is a mountain in the Austrian state of Tyrol in the Kitzbühel Alps. It is 1731 metres (5679 ft) high and lies about 7 kilometres due south of Wörgl. To the northeast an arête descends to the Marchbachjoch or Markbachjoch (1496 m); another ridge runs northeast to the Kirchköpfl (1487 m) and a third to the Turmkogel (1648 m) to the south. The summit of the Roßkopf is the highest in the local area.
 Nasty Boys is a TV drama film aired on NBC in September 1989.
 The Bear Mountain Inn is a 1915 hotel and restaurant owned by the Palisades Interstate Park Commission and located on Route 9W at the northern end of Seven Lakes Drive just south of the Bear Mountain Bridge in Rockland County New York. It is presently named Bear Mountain Inn & Conference Center. As of fall 2011 the first floor is now open and features the 1915 Cafe and Bear Mountain Trading Company gift store.
 The Lively Set is a 1964 film directed by Jack Arnold. It stars James Darren Pamela Tiffin and Doug McClure.
 The Steinbergstein is a 2215 m AA high mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps in Austria.
 The fish Pygocentrus piraya often called the Piraya Piranha or San Francisco Piranha and sometimes sold as the Man Eating Piranha is a large aggressive piranha from the São Francisco River basin in Brazil. It is one of the largest piranhas reaching a maximum length of 50 cm in the wild and is sometimes considered the most beautiful with its orange to yellow belly coloration silver eyes and rayed fibrous adipose fin. Like most other piranhas P.
 The Professor William Pabodie House is a historic residence in the city of Wyoming Ohio United States. Erected in the late nineteenth century it was originally the home of a Cincinnati-area educator and it has been designated a historic site because of its distinctive architecture.
 Sewa Singh Sekhwan(Punjabi:ਸੇਵਾ ਸਿੰਘ ਸੇਖਵਾਂ) is the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) Member of legislative assembly (MLA) and Education minister of Punjab He was sworn in as a cabinet minister for the second time on October 26 2009. Sekhwan's father Ujagar Singh Sekhwan was MLA from Kahnuwan in 1977 and 1980. He was founder of a group supporting Indian minorities and Dalits front.
 Fatalism and Development: Nepal's Struggle for Modernization is the most notable book about the local socio-cultural issues of Nepalese people. It is written by the renowned and most controversial anthropologist of Nepal named as Dor Bahadur Bista.
 The river Łutownia (Polish pronunciation: [wuˈtɔvɲa]; Belarusian: Лутоўня) in north-eastern Poland is a left-bank tributary of the Narewka river. It was formerly known in Polish as Łętownia [wɛnˈtɔvɲa] Lętownia [lɛnˈtɔvɲa] Łotownia [wɔˈtɔvɲa] Łutownica [wutɔvˈnit͡sa] Latownica [latɔvˈnit͡sa] Lutownia [luˈtɔvɲa] and Szczekotówka [ʂt͡ʂɛkɔˈtufka].
 Chah-e Ali Mohammadi (Persian: چاه علي محمدي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAlī Moḥammadī) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 9 families.
 Hermanus Jacobus Kriel (born 14 November 1941 Kakamas Northern Cape) was the first Premier of the Western Cape province. He previously served as the Minister of Law and Order in the South African government under Frederik Willem de Klerk.Kriel served as premier from May 11 1994 to May 11 1998 as a member of the National Party.
 Khalifehlu (Persian: خليفه لو‎ also Romanized as Khalīfehlū; also known as Khalfehlū and Khalīfeh Qeshlāqī) is a village in Vilkij-e Markazi Rural District Vilkij District Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 457 in 92 families.
 Odd and the Frost Giants (2008) is a World Book Day book by Neil Gaiman. It draws on Norse mythology and also the historical Vikings.
 Daphné Dumery (born 4 January 1974 in Blankenberge) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. She was elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010.
 Karłowice [karwɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Karlsmarkt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popielów within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Popielów and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 A Student's Song of Heidelberg (German:Ein Burschenlied aus Heidelberg) is a 1930 German musical film directed by Karl Hartl and starring Hans Brausewetter Betty Bird and Willi Forst. It marked Hartl's directoral debut. The film is in the tradition of the nostalgic Old Heidelberg.
 The Four Feathers is a 1939 Technicolor adventure film directed by Zoltan Korda starring John Clements Ralph Richardson June Duprez C. Aubrey Smith. Set during the reign of Queen Victoria it tells the story of a man accused of cowardice. The fourth film adaptation of the 1902 novel of the same name by A.E.W. Mason it was the first fully sound one (the Paramount Pictures version of the 1929 film had a soundtrack with music and sound effects only).
 Dudley Allen White (January 3 1901 – October 14 1957) was a U.S.
 Padroni di casa (also known as Homeowners and The Landlords) is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Edoardo Gabbriellini. It entered the competition at the 2012 Locarno International Film Festival.
 Natoavou River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 On Beauty is a 2005 novel by British author Zadie Smith. It takes its title from an essay by Elaine Scarry (On Beauty and Being Just). The story follows the lives of a mixed-race British/American family living in the United States. On Beauty addresses ethnic and cultural differences in both the USA and the UK the nature of beauty and the clash between liberal and conservative academic values.
 Amai Seikatsu (甘い生活) also known by the English title Sweet Life is an ongoing Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hikaru Yuzuki.Amai Seikatsu was first published by Shueisha in 1990 in the 11th issue of Business Jump magazine. Currently the manga is still being serialized with forty-three tankōbon volumes released so far. The first volume was released on December 13 1990 and forty-fourth volume was released on February 19 2014.
 Tang-e Pari Olya (Persian: تنگپري عليا‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Parī ʿOlyā; also known as Tang-e Parī) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 29 families.
 The Păltinoasa Mare River is a headwater of the Păltinoasa River in Romania
 The Snail Kite (Rostrhamus sociabilis) is a bird of prey within the family Accipitridae which also includes the eagles hawks and Old World vultures. Its relative the Slender-billed Kite is now again placed in Helicolestes making the genus Rostrhamus monotypic. Usually placed in the milvine kites the validity of that group is under investigation.
 Golden Favorites is an album from Caterina Valente. Released in the United States.This album includes her big hits Malagueña and The Breeze and I.
 Fort Concho is a National Historic Landmark owned and operated since 1935 by the city of San Angelo the seat of Tom Green County in West Texas. Situated on the North Concho River near its confluence with the South and Middle Concho rivers the site selected for Fort Concho was strategic to the stabilization of the region because of the location of no fewer than five major trails in the vicinity.
 Jeffrey Nape CMG was until the 2012 election Speaker of the National Parliament and twice officially and once unofficially acting Governor-General of Papua New Guinea. He was elected speaker by the members of the parliament on 28 May 2004 and then immediately became acting governor-general because that office was substantively vacant. He succeeded Bill Skate in both roles.He ceased acting as governor-general on 29 June 2004 when Paulias Matane was sworn in.
 Obrębiec [ɔˈbrɛmbjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernice Borowe within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Czernice Borowe 5 km (3 mi) north-west of Przasnysz and 92 km (57 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Save Me is a 2007 film directed by Robert Cary about Mark (Chad Allen) a drug-addicted homosexual man who is admitted into an ex-gay program run by Gayle (Judith Light) and her husband Ted (Stephen Lang).
 The Măcrișu River is a tributary of the Pleşu River in Romania.
 The Hurva Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת החורבה‎ translit: Beit ha-Knesset ha-Hurba lit. The Ruin Synagogue) also known as Hurvat Rabbi Yehudah he-Hasid (Ruin of Rabbi Judah the Pious) is a historic synagogue located in the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem.The synagogue was founded in the early 18th century by followers of Judah he-Hasid but it was destroyed by Muslims a few years later in 1721. The plot lay in ruins for over 140 years and became known as the Ruin or Hurva.
 The Leather District is a neighborhood of Boston near South Street between the Financial District and Chinatown. The Leather District (occasionally referred to as the LD) is a tightly defined area bounded by Kneeland Street to the south Essex Street to the north Atlantic Avenue to the east and Lincoln Street to the west. It is so named due to the dominance of the leather industry in previous times.
 Richard Banda SC is a Malawian barrister and former athlete. He is a judge who formerly served as Chief Justice of Malawi and Swaziland and as Minister of Justice in Malawi. He was president of the Commonwealth Magistrates' and Judges' Association and Commonwealth Secretariat Arbitral Tribunal. As a sportsman Banda was a track and field athlete and soccer player. He is the spouse of the President of Malawi Joyce Banda and as such is the First Gentleman.
 Amphimallon keithi is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.
 Moscow-Cassiopeia (Russian: Москва — Кассиопея) is a Soviet 1973 film directed by Richard Viktorov based on a script by Isai Kuznetsov and Avenir Zak. Followed by Otroki vo vselennoy (second part 1974). Runtime - 85 min.
 The Nass Ranges are a mountain range north of the Skeena River west of Hazelton and northeast of Terrace British Columbia Canada. It is associated with the Hazelton Mountains which in turn form part of the Interior Mountains.
 Such Is Life (Spanish: Así es la vida) is a 1939 Argentine romantic drama film musical directed by Francisco Múgica based on a play by Nicolás de las Llanderas and Arnaldo Malfatti; starring Enrique Muiño.
 Vistigma is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Iznajar Reservoir is a reservoir in the province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain.
 Forever Odd is a 2005 novel by Dean Koontz and the sequel to Odd Thomas. The plot takes place six months after the events of Odd Thomas.
 Wetmorella is a genus of wrasses native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Mount Juliet is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 20 km (12 mi) southwest of Sayward and 3 km (2 mi) east of Mount Romeo.
 Pinups is a triannual artist's publication playing on the historical centerfold practice of nudie magazines by making the centerfold the sole feature. There are no words—just an exaggeration of the classic centerfold. The magazine exists in book form but can be taken apart and tiled to reveal a 70 x 32 image. Pinups is created by Christopher Schulz and printed in New York City.
 Oxydrepanus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Oxydrepanus amrishi Makhan 2010 Oxydrepanus brasiliensis Putzeys 1866 Oxydrepanus coamensis (Mutchler 1934) Oxydrepanus luridus Putzeys 1866 Oxydrepanus mexicanus Putzeys 1866 Oxydrepanus micans Putzeys 1866 Oxydrepanus minae Makhan & Ezzatpanah 2011 Oxydrepanus minimus Putzeys 1866 Oxydrepanus minor (Kult 1950) Oxydrepanus ovalis Putzeys 1866 Oxydrepanus ovoideus (Kult 1950) Oxydrepanus reicheoides Darlington 1939 Oxydrepanus rishwani Makhan 2010 Oxydrepanus rufus (Putzeys 1846)↑
 The greater dwarf shrew (Suncus lixus) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Angola Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Namibia Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and dry savanna.
 11th Victim is a 1979 American made-for-television crime drama directed by Jonathan Kaplan and starring Bess Armstrong and Max Gail. The film was based partially on the activities of the Los Angeles Hillside Strangler and was subsequently released on home video under the title The Lakeside Killer. Harry Northup Harold Gould and David Hayward round out the supporting cast of the movie.
 The Hotel Niagara also known as Grand Hotel Niagara is a landmark hotel in Niagara Falls Niagara County New York.At 12 stories it was designed by noted Buffalo architects Esenwein and Johnson and considered a skyscraper when it was built between 1923 and 1925. Located 1/4 mile from the Horsehoe Falls it is one block from the Seneca Niagara Casino. It has nearly 200 guest rooms as well as convention facilities.
 Ogbe Abraha (born 1948) is an Eritrean politician.
 Balaustium bipilum is a species of mite belonging to the family Erythraeidae. This long-oval shaped sparsely hairy orange mite is less than 1 mm in length with one pair of eyes set well back on the body. It can be distinguished from similar species by the crista (a sclerotized sensory organ at the highest point of the abdomen) projecting forward beyond the margin of the body and the clear suture dividing the upper abdomen. This species is endemic to South Africa.
 Marcinkowo [mart͡ɕiŋˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Inowrocław 31 km (19 mi) south-west of Toruń and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Ernesto Scorsone is an American lawyer politician and judge from Kentucky. He was born in Palermo Italy on Feb. 15 1952; his family immigrated to the United States in 1960.Scorsone earned a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Kentucky in 1973 and a Juris Doctor from the University of Kentucky College of Law in 1976.
 Shirabad (Persian: شيراباد‎ also Romanized as Shīrābād) is a village in Sangestan Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 26 families.
 The Istanbul Main Post Office (Turkish: Büyük Postane) is an office building for postal services located at Sirkeci quarter of Fatih district in Istanbul Turkey. It was designed by architect Vedat Tek in First Turkish National architectural style and was constructed between 1905 and 1909.
 The Pârâul Pietros is a tributary of the Agriş River in Romania.
 The Cat Who Went Bananas is the 2005 novel in the Cat Who series by Lilian Jackson Braun.
 The Museo de Vida Silvestre (in English the Wildlife Museum) is a Museum located in San Juan Puerto Rico. It was inaugurated in November 1 2010 and houses more than 200 specimens in their respective habitats. The museum has garnered popularity in the island receiving more than 100000 visitors shortly after its first year.
 Ormetica rosenbergi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Ecuador.
 Oxynoe is a genus of small sea snails bubble snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Oxynoidae.
 Jhummandi Naadam is a 2010 Telugu film produced by Lakshmi Manchu and directed by veteran K. Raghavendra Rao. The film stars Manoj Manchu and Taapsee Pannu in the lead roles and Mohan Babu in a supporting role. The film has music scored by M.M. Keeravani. The film was released on July 1 2010.
 For Madonna's 1990 world tour see Blond Ambition Tour.Blonde Ambition is an American film released in December 2007 and inspired by the theme of the Academy Award-winning movie Working Girl starring singer/actress Jessica Simpson playing the part of a small town girl who moves to New York City and rises up into a career as a business woman.
 The New Normal is an album released by Australian progressive rock band Cog in April 2005. The album was produced in Weed California by Sylvia Massy who has worked with artists such as Tool and Spiderbait. Music videos for the songs My Enemy and Run have been made and Run was also released as a CD single in August.The New Normal is in many ways a concept album with the central concept being the oppression and injustice of a consumerist society.
 Yahalatenne is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Nutcracker Fantasy is a stop motion animated film by Sanrio very loosely based on Tchaikovsky's ballet The Nutcracker and E.T.A. Hoffman's story The Nutcracker and the Mouse King. It was nominated for the 1980 Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film and the 1980 Young Artist Award for Best Motion Picture featuring youth. It won the 1980 Young Artist Award for Best Musical Entertainment.
 Edward Oscar McCowen (June 29 1877 – November 4 1953) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Ohio.Edward O. McCowen was born in Bloom Township Ohio. He attended the public schools of South Webster Ohio and graduated from Ohio Northern University at Ada Ohio in 1908 Ohio State University at Columbus Ohio in 1917 and from the Graduate School of the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati Ohio in 1939.
 Zawistowszczyzna [zavistɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sokółka and 36 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.Since March 2007 the sołtys (village chief) is Dr. Mohamed Ali Al-Hameri a gynaecologist born in Yemen who came to Poland in 1983 to study medicine.
 Cvrčići (Serbian: Цврчићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mabel's Awful Mistakes is a 1913 film starring Mabel Normand and directed by Mack Sennett. The film also features Mack Sennett Ford Sterling and Edgar Kennedy.
 Seán Ó Neachtain (born 22 May 1947) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament for the North-West constituency from 2002 when he was substituted for Pat the Cope Gallagher until 2009.He was a member of the Transport and Tourism Committee as well as the Fisheries Committee. Ó Neachtain was instrumental to the recognition of the Irish language as an official working language of the European Union.
 Bielsdown River a perennial stream that is part of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands of New South Wales Australia.
 Vulnerable is the sixth album by Tricky released in 2003.
 The Japanese giant hornet (Vespa mandarinia japonica) is a subspecies of the Asian giant hornet (V. mandarinia). It is a large insect and adults can be more than 4.5 centimetres (1.8 in) long with a wingspan greater than 6 centimetres (2.4 in). It has a large yellow head with large eyes and a dark brown thorax with an abdomen banded in brown and yellow. The Japanese giant hornet has three small simple eyes on the top of the head between the two large compound eyes.
 Keith S. Downey (born November 10 1960) is a Minnesota politician and the Chair of the Republican Party of Minnesota. A former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives he represented District 41A which primarily included portions of the cities of Edina and Minnetonka in Hennepin County in the southwestern Twin Cities metropolitan area. He is also a consultant for state and local governments on strategy operations and technology.
 The Toy of the Tsarina (German: Das Spielzeug der Zarin) is a 1919 German silent historical film directed by Rudolf Meinert and starring Ellen Richter Karl Berger and Max Kronert.
 Philip Derek Lewis (born 28 November 1924 at St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador) was a Canadian politician who served in the federal Senate from 1978 to 1999. Lewis was a lawyer by profession.He was nominated to the Senate by Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau under the St. John's Newfoundland division. Lewis was a member of the Liberal party.
 The Southern spearnose poacher (Agonopsis sterletus) is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers). It was described by Charles Henry Gilbert in 1898.
 The Constant Nymph is a 1924 novel by Margaret Kennedy. It tells how a teenage girl falls in love with a family friend who eventually marries her cousin. The two girls show mutual jealousy over their common love for the man. The novel was a best-seller after it was first published becoming the first novel of a genre that might be called 'Bohemian'.
 Big & Rich's Super Galactic Fan Pak 2 is the second EP and DVD set released by the American country music duo Big & Rich. The compilation released in late 2008 is a followup to their 2004 EP/DVD combo Big & Rich's Super Galactic Fan Pak. This set is composed of a three-song CD and a live DVD featuring a full-length concert.Big Kenny later included Find a Heart as To Find a Heart on his 2009 solo album The Quiet Times of a Rock and Roll Farm Boy.
 Not Quite Hollywood: The Wild Untold Story of Ozploitation! is a 2008 Australian documentary film about the Australian New Wave of 1970s and '80s low-budget cinema.
 Hall's Tavern is a historic tavern at 31 North Street in Cheshire Massachusetts.The tavern was built in the Federalist style in 1804 for Calvin Hall. It was operated as a tavern and was notable in part for housing British prisoners of war during the War of 1812. The building has since seen use as a private residence and as a retail establishment. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Calumet Theatre is a historic theatre located at 340 Sixth Street in the town of Calumet Michigan. It is also known as the Calumet Opera House or the Calumet Civic Auditorium. It is integral to but a separate unit of the Calumet municipal building. The structure was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Swap is a 1979 American film directed by Jordan Leondopoulos. The film is edited from the 1969 film Sam's Song also directed by Leondopoulos.The film is also known as Line of Fire (American video title).
 Nick Carter Master Detective is a 1940 film starring Walter Pidgeon in the title role.
 The Fulton Elementary School (also known as Fulton Academy and Pittsburgh Fulton PreK-5) in the Highland Park neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in 1894 and later added to in 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Denmark Presbyterian Church (The Denmark Church) is a historic church on Jackson-Denmark Road in Denmark Tennessee.It was built in 1854 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Kidnapper is a 2013 Bengali film. The film was directed by Rupak Majumdar and produced by Arka Basu. The film's music was composed by Raja Narayan Deb. The film was released on March 8 2013. The film is based on the lives of neglected children.
 The First Regiment Armory Annex commonly known as the Portland Armory is a historic building in Portland Oregon United States. It was built in 1891 by Multnomah County to house the Oregon National Guard. In 2000 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Following a renovation project that lasted from 2002 to 2006 the building now houses Gerding Theater used primarily by the theatre group Portland Center Stage.
 The Sagas Of... is the first Studio Album by east London rapper Klashnekoff. the two singles released were Its Murda All I Got and Parrowdice. The single Its Murda appeared in the Soundtrack for the movie Kidulthood.
 Murder at Midnight is a 1931 American murder mystery whodunit directed by Frank R. Strayer.
 Jaal Ab Dullah is an album by Muslimgauze. Due to an error in the mastering of this CD two track index points are missing. While all of the recorded material is present songs 11 and 12 are combined into one track as do songs 20 and 21.
 Jonathan Sturges (August 23 1740– October 4 1819) was an American lawyer jurist and politician from Fairfield Connecticut. He represented Connecticut as a delegate to the Continental Congress and in the United States House of Representatives.
 Stereo typ (English: Stereotype) is a studio album by Polish singer Kayah released in 2003.
 Le Fiamme di Zaporoze is an epic historical novel written in Italian about the Zaporozhian Cossacks at the time of Hetman Ivan Mazepa and Czar Peter the Great during the Great Northern War by Mario Dimitrio Donadio and published in Italy by Giraldi Editore in 2008.
 The Miss Worcester Diner or Worcester Lunch Car # 812 is a historic diner at 302 Southbridge Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was built in 1948 by Worcester Lunch Car Company and is located across the street from the company's (now defunct) Worcester factory. While independently owned and operated it was used by the Lunch Car Company as a showroom diner and a testbed for new features.
 Gniewczyna Tryniecka [ɡɲefˈt͡ʂɨna trɨˈɲet͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tryńcza within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Tryńcza 4 km (2 mi) north of Przeworsk and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Cai Yuanpei (Chinese: 蔡元培; pinyin: Cài Yuánpéi; Wade–Giles: Ts'ai Yüan-p'ei) (January 11 1868 – March 5 1940) was a Chinese educator Esperantist president of Peking University and founder of the Academia Sinica. He was known for his critical evaluation of Chinese culture and synthesis of Chinese and Western thinking including anarchism. At Peking University he assembled influential figures in the New Culture and May Fourth Movements.
 Bostockia porosa the Nightfish is a species of temperate perch endemic to Australia. It occurs in lakes ponds swamps rivers and streams along the coast of Western Australia. It prefers areas with rocks vegetation or debris to use as cover and is active during the night. This species grows to a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) SL though most are only about 9 centimetres (3.5 in). This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Magic Steps is the opening book of The Circle Opens quartet of young adult fantasy novels by Tamora Pierce. It is preceded by the Circle of Magic quartet taking place four years after the conclusion of Briar's Book. It portrays the adventures of Sandrilene fa Toren the noble thread mage and her first experience as a teacher of magic.
 Bayarban is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 20230.
 Ashby de la Zouch Castle is in the town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch Leicestershire England (grid reference SK36061659). The ruins have been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and they are a Scheduled Ancient Monument. It is managed by English Heritage.
 Notorious is the seventh studio album by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts. The album was released in 1991.
 Buster Goes Berserk is the second album from Buster Poindexter an alter ego of singer David Johansen. It features his backing band The Banshees of Blue aided by The Uptown Horns. Released in 1989 the album continued the lounge rock style of its predecessor Buster Poindexter in covering rhythm 'n' blues songs of the '40s and '50s.
 Antikiller (Russian: Антикиллер) is a 2002 Russian crime film directed by Egor Konchalovsky. It portrays a brutal war between obnoxious crime gangs and a one man vigilante a former police officer. The movie is based on Daniil Koretsky’s novel of the same name which has sold five million copies in the countries of the former Soviet Union and has acquired cult status among readers of Russian pulp fiction. Like the novel the film became the box office leader among Russian films in 2002.
 Council of Wyrms is a Dungeons & Dragons boxed set published in 1994.
 Mickey in School is a 1928 silent short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Albert Herman the two-reel short was released to theaters on February 6 1928 by FBO.
 Tales From The Acoustic Planet is an album by American banjoist Béla Fleck. It is a jazzy album with roots in bluegrass where Fleck is joined by bluegrass stars (Sam Bush Tony Rice Jerry Douglas) as well as his jazz friends (Chick Corea Branford Marsalis Paul McCandless) and Flecktones members (Victor Wooten Future Man). This is also his first solo album since 1988's Places.
 New Family Theater is a historic movie theater located at Mount Morris in Livingston County New York. It was constructed in 1938-1939 and is an outstanding example of the Art Deco style. The building features linear decorative motifs curvilinear forms and bold colorations that appear on the building facade interior walls of the lobby and auditorium and in the original light fixtures.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Reinhold Mitterlehner (born 10 December 1955) is an Austrian politician who has been serving as the federal minister of economy family and youth since 2 December 2008.
 Otalżyno [ɔtalˈʐɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Przodkowo 12 km (7 mi) north of Kartuzy and 29 km (18 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 ...Maybe This Time is a 1980 Australian feature film starring Judy Morris. It was the first feature directed by Chris McGill.It was the feature film debut of stage actor Jill Perryman.
 Voices of Animals and Men is the first full-length album by The Young Knives released on 21 August 2006. The album's title is a reference to the Adam and the Ants song Animals and Men. The cover features a figure made of straw a reference to the Whittlesey Straw Bear Festival.The album was nominated for the 2007 Mercury Music Prize.
 Scenario IV: Dread Dreams is an album by the band Sigh. It was released by Cacophonous Records originally in 1999.This album shows the traits of Sigh continuing to explore their more well known Avantgarde/Experimental sound. An example would be on Black Curse where Sigh have a standard black metal sound that eventually part way through turns into a mild funk riff and a country guitar sound.
 Monster Nation is a serial novel by David Wellington. It concerns the opening days of a zombie apocalypse and the end of the world. The novel was originally serialized online. It is a prequel to Monster Island.
 Santos-Dumont is a small lunar impact crater that lies in the northern end of the Montes Apenninus range at the eastern edge of the Mare Imbrium. This feature was previously designated Hadley B prior to being given a name by the IAU. It is located about 30 kilometers to the northeast of Mons Hadley a mountain massif.This crater is a circular bowl-shaped formation that is situated atop a ridge in the Montes Apenninus.
 Labyrinth is the fifth studio album from German futurepop band Blutengel. It entered German Top 50 Albums Chart at 36 for a week. The album spawned a popular single titled Lucifer. It is also with Ulrike Goldmann and not Constance Rudert.
 Proceedings of the Royal Society is the parent title of two scientific journals published by the Royal Society. Originally a single journal it was split into two separate journals in 1905: Series A which publishes research related to mathematical physical and engineering sciences Series B which publishes research related to biologyThe two journals are currently the Royal Society's main research journals. Many celebrated names in science have published their research in Proc. R.
 Jitu Vrajlal Soni (born 2 July 1969) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Babati Rural constituency since 2010.
 Ray Lake is a lake located in Wells Gray Provincial Park east-central British Columbia Canada. It is fed by and drained by Falls Creek which flows into the Clearwater River at its outlet from Clearwater Lake.
 The YWCA Building at 1040 Richards Street Honolulu Hawaii popularly called the Richards Street Y is now officially named Laniākea which means 'open skies' or 'wide horizons' in the Hawaiian language. It was designed by San Francisco architect Julia Morgan who considered it one of her favorites.
 2LDK is a 2003 Japanese film directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi as part of the Duel Project starring Maho Nonami and Eiko Koike. Two ambitious actresses who share an apartment learn they have been short-listed for the same part and that they have to wait for one more night to see who wins the part. As they bicker throughout the night their competitiveness and hidden grudges turn their apartment into a battlefield.
 Vice Admiral Sir William Spencer Leveson-Gower 4th Earl Granville KG GCVO CB DSO (11 July 1880 – 25 June 1953) styled The Honourable William Leveson-Gower until 1939 was a British naval commander and governor.
 Qerkhlar (Persian: قرخلر‎ also Romanized as Qarkhlār and Qerekhlar; also known as Gherkhlar) is a village in Chah Dasht Rural District Shara District Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1962 in 431 families.
 Ellinge Castle (Swedish: Ellinge slott) is a castle in Eslöv Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.The castle dates from the 1100s. It has the whitewashed walls with 11 overnight rooms with capacity for 22 overnight guests. The castle is surrounded by a square moat as can be seen on the map shown.
 Tavakkolabad-e Do (Persian: توكل اباد2‎ also Romanized as Tavakkolābād-e Do; also known as Tavakkolābād) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Caloptilia infaceta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 Demirciler is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 528 people.
 Loverama is the fifth album by Australian band Custard. It was released in 1999.
 The Museum of Saisiat Folklore (Chinese: 賽夏族民俗文物館; pinyin: Sàixiàzú Mínsú Wénwùguǎn) is a museum of folklore in Nanzhuang Township Miaoli County Taiwan.
 Mykonos: LKP Casting 03 is a gay pornographic film directed by Ettore Tosi for Lucas Kazan Productions in 2003. Third in the LKP Casting series that began years earlier with The Road to Naples Mykonos was photographed on location in Italy and the Greek isles and went on to win the 2004 GayVN Award for Best Amateur Video.
 Nicolae Callimachi-Catargiu (February 24 1830 – November 9 1882) was a conservative Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs in two terms from November 28 1869 to February 1 1870 and December 18 1870 until March 11 1871 and as a Romanian envoy to London and Paris.
 Uniform is the 2003 feature film debut of director Diao Yi'nan who had previously worked as an established screenwriter for directors such as Zhang Yang and Shi Runjiu. The film produced by Hu Tong Communications was distributed via DVD in the United Starts by First Run Features as part of the Global Film Initiative. Uniform follows a young man Wang Xiaojian who down on his luck comes upon a seemingly abandoned policeman's uniform.
 Istgah-e Mazu (Persian: ایستگاه مازو‎ also Romanized as Īstgāh-e Māzū; also known as Mazu and Māzū) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 33 families.
 Meccan Trade And The Rise Of Islam is a book written by scholar and historiographer of early Islam Patricia Crone. The book argues that Islam did not originate in Mecca located in western Saudi Arabia but in northern Arabia.
 Çukurören is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 The Grandmaster is a 2013 Hong Kong-Chinese martial arts drama film based on the life story of the Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man. The film was directed and written by Wong Kar-wai and starred Tony Leung as Ip Man. It was released on 8 January 2013 in China. It was the opening film at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival in February 2013. The film was selected as part of the 2013 Hong Kong International Film Festival.
 Beck – Advokaten is a 2006 Swedish police film about Martin Beck directed by Kjell Sundvall.
 Amblyeleotris is a genus of colourful gobies found throughout the Indo-Pacific region. This is the largest genus of the shrimp gobies or prawn gobies so-called because of their symbiotic relationship with certain alpheid shrimps. The shrimp excavates and maintains a burrow used by both animals while the goby which has far superior eyesight acts as a lookout for predators.
 Vechin (Persian: وچين‎ also Romanized as Vechīn; also known as Viachin and Vyachin) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 26 families.
 El Caribe ('The Caribbean') was a biweekly newspaper published from Roatán Honduras. El Caribe was founded on June 1 1918. It was edited by Tomás B. McField. Rafael Barahona Mejía was the director of El Caribe.
 The Final Kiss also known as Blood on the Guitar is a 2005 drama film that was directed by Scott Shaw.
 North Mountain is a 2584-foot (788 m) ridge primarily located in Davidson Township of Sullivan County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Its summit is that county's highest point the 10th highest among the state's 67 counties. Portions also extend into neighboring Lycoming Luzerne and Wyoming counties. The mountain has a topographic isolation of 57.99 miles (93.33 km). U.S. Route 220 passes near the mountain.
 Tithoes maculatus is a species of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae.
 Lai da Ova Spin is a compensation reservoir on the Spöl river at Zernez Grisons Switzerland. Its volume is 7.4 mio m³ and surface area 0.34 km².The arch dam Ova Spin was completed in 1968 and has a height of 73 m.
 Ty J.K. Cullen is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Hawaii House of Representatives since January 16 2013 representing District 39. Cullen consecutively served from 2011 until 2013 in the District 41 seat.
 Symphlebia abdominalis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1855. It is found in Brazil.
 The Cape au Moine (2352 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located between L'Etivaz and Les Diablerets in the canton of Vaud. It lies east of La Para.
 Lelići (Serbian Cyrillic: Лелићи) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia. In the 2002 census the village numbered 381 people.
 Mykola Makarovych Marchak (Ukrainian: Микола Макарович Марчак; 5 January 1904 - 23 September 1938) was a Ukrainian and Soviet politician who was the acting Chairman of the Council of People's Commissars of Ukrainian SSR (today's equivalent of prime-minister) from October 1937 to February 1938.In 20 June 1938 Marchak was arrested and accused of belonging to an anti-Soviet Trotskyist organization.
 Nadeem al-Zaro (29 June 1931 – 28 February 2014) was a Jordanian politician. He held several ministerial posts during the 1970s. Zaro was Interior Minister during the fourth term of Prime Minister Bahjat Talhouni in 1970. He was Transport Minister during the term of Prime Minister Ahmad al-Lawzi (1971–1973). He continued in this position during the subsequent government of Zaid al-Rifai.
 William Henry West (February 9 1824–March 14 1911) was a Republican Party politician in the U.S. state of Ohio who served as Ohio Attorney General from 1866 to 1868 and a member of the Ohio Supreme Court from February 1872 to 1873. His failing eyesight and powerful oration led to the title Blind Man Eloquent.
 Hemeroblemma opigena is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Florida to Brazil.The wingspan is about 80 mm for the females. In Florida adults are on wing in March.
 Naad Ved Vichar is a religious text written by Dharam Singh Nihang Singh containing exegesis of first composition of Guru Granth Sahib Japji Sahib. This text is also called Japji Viakhya having 119 pages written in 1996 for preachers of Sikh religion. The book was published by Sachkhoj Academy Khanna and was first book written by author.
 Help! Help! Hydrophobia! is a 1913 short comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 C.I.D. is a 1956 Indian Hindi film. Produced by Guru Dutt it was directed by Raj Khosla. It stars Dev Anand Shakila Johnny Walker K. N. Singh and Waheeda Rehman. The movie was a crime thriller and has Dev playing a police inspector investigating a case. The music is by O. P. Nayyar and the lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri and Jan Nisar Akhtar. It was Waheeda Rehman's screen debut and future directors Pramod Chakravorty and Bhappi Sonie worked as assistant director.
 The Silver Chalice is a 1954 historical epic film from Warner Bros. based on Thomas B. Costain's 1952 novel of the same name.
 William Barnwell House is a house in Beaufort South Carolina. It may be included in the Beaufort Historic District a National Historic Landmark.It was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 You By Me: Vol. 1 is a split album featuring Toh Kay (Tomas Kalnoky of Streetlight Manifesto) and Dan P. (Dan Potthast of MU330). It was released on November 16 2010 through Kalnoky's Pentimento Music Company.The album features Kalnoky covering five songs written by Potthast (four being covers of Potthast's solo work and one originally by MU330) and Potthast covering five Streetlight Manifesto songs all written by Kalnoky.
 The Ralph W. Shattuck House is a historic house at 274–276 Broadway in Arlington Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame double house was built c. 1875 and is one of the best-preserved Italianate houses in the town. It was owned by Ralph W. Shattuck proprietor of Shattuck Hardware one Arlington's longest-running businesses.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Jörg Ratgeb – Painter (German: Jörg Ratgeb – Maler) is a 1978 East German drama film directed by Bernhard Stephan. It was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Laveaga Peak is a mountain located in the Diablo Range in California. Its summit rises to an elevation of 3804 feet (1159 m). The peak is on the boundary between Merced County and San Benito County and is the highest point in Merced County. The mountain is high enough to receive some snowfall during winter.
 Deshamanya Dr. Badi-ud-din Mahmud (23 June 1904 - 1997) was a Sri Lankan politician. He served 10 years as Minister of Education and also held the office of Minister of Health and Housing.
 Infinite Sorrow (Russian: Скорбь бесконечная) is a 1922 Soviet/Russian film directed by Aleksandr Panteleyev about Russian famine of 1921.
 The Quakertown Passenger and Freight Station is a historic train station and freight depot located at Quakertown Bucks County Pennsylvania. The two buildings were designed by Wilson Bros. & Company in 1889 and built by Cramp and Co. for the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad in 1902. The passenger station is constructed of dark Rockhill granite and Indiana limestone and is in a Late Victorian style. It is 1 1/2 stories tall and measures 25 feet wide by 97 feet 6 inches long.
 Blue Ridge Reservoir is located in the Mogollon Rim area of the state of Arizona. The closest town Strawberry is 30 miles (48 km) away. Blue Ridge Reservoir is one of the more scenic reservoirs in the area with trees going down to the water line. The facilities are maintained by Coconino National Forest division of the USDA Forest Service.
 Mehane is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 54 people.
 The Odd Fellows Hall in La Grange California was built in 1855. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It served historically as a clubhouse and as a meeting hall.
 The Pearl Maker of Madrid (German:Der Perlenmacher von Madrid) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Eberhard Frowein and starring Hermann Wlach Herma van Delden and Maria Merlott. It premiered in Berlin on 1 July 1921.
 The Cat Who Came for Christmas is the first book in a cat trilogy written by Cleveland Amory an American author who wrote extensively about animal rights. In this book Amory recounts his rescue and adoption of Polar Bear a cat he featured in several more books.It was first published in paperback by Penguin books in 1988 and maintained the #1 spot on the New York Times bestseller list for twelve weeks.[1]It bears no relation to Lilian Jackson Braun's Cat Who ... series.
 Argin (Persian: ارگين‎ also Romanized as Ārgīn) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Protosyneora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Szerzawa [ʂɛˈʐava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedry Wielkie within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Cedry Wielkie 16 km (10 mi) east of Pruszcz Gdański and 17 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The 3rd Voice (also known as The Third Voice) is a 1960 American crime drama/thriller film directed by Hubert Cornfield and distributed by 20th Century Fox. Shot in CinemaScope it is based on the novel All the Way by Charles Williams and stars Edmond O'Brien Laraine Day (in her final film) and Julie London.
 Surfers Paradise is the second studio album by Australian recording artist Cody Simpson released on 16 July 2013 by Atlantic Records. The album includes the singles Pretty Brown Eyes and Summertime of Our Lives. The album is named after the Surfers Paradise beach on Gold Coast Queensland Australia. Simpson is also from Gold Coast in Australia.
 Enoch Wright House is a historic building in Peters Township Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1815 by Enoch Wright on land he inherited from his father Joshua who moved to the area about 1772. Wright family members lived in the house until 1862 then they rented it out. In 1972 they donated the house to the Peters Creek historical Society which now uses it as a museum.Bricks for the house were manufactured on site.
 The Lies of Locke Lamora is a fantasy novel by Scott Lynch and the first book published of the Gentleman Bastard series. Elite con artists Gentlemen Bastards rob the rich of Camorr city based on late medieval Venice but on an unnamed planet. Two stories interweave. In the present the Gentlemen fight a mysterious Grey King taking over the criminal underworld. Alternate chapters describe history and mythology of Camorr the Gentlemen Bastards and especially the protagonist Locke Lamora.
 Kim Cham Yau-sum JP (born 16 April 1946 Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong businessman accountant and politician.He studied at the St. Paul's Co-Educational College and graduated from the University of Hong Kong with bachelor degree in Economics in 1968. He continued his master degree at the Queen's University in Canada and later the doctoral degree at the University of Bath in England.
 Røykås is a village in Akershus Norway.
 The Big Nowhere is a 1988 crime fiction novel by James Ellroy the second of the L.A. Quartet a series of novels set in 1940s and 1950s Los Angeles. James Ellroy dedicated The Big Nowhere To Glenda Revelle. The epigraph for The Big Nowhere is a passage from a novel; It was written that I should be loyal to the nightmare of my choice- Joseph Conrad Heart of Darkness.
 Witness Against the Beast: William Blake and the Moral Law is a 1993 book by the British historian E. P. Thompson in which Thompson contextualizes the work of the otherwise enigmatic poet and painter William Blake. The last book that Thompson would write it was published posthumously. The book attempts to frame some of Blake's ideas in the traditions of the culture of religious dissent in England.
 Pleocoma linsleyi is a beetle of the Rain beetle family. It was named in honor of American entomologist Earle Gorton Linsley
 A Blueprint for Murder is a 1953 thriller film noir starring Joseph Cotten Jean Peters and Gary Merrill. Andrew L. Stone wrote and directed the film.
 Big Game is Finnish movie which is going to be released 2014. Samuel L. Jackson is acting the President
 The Dry Andes (Spanish: Andes áridos) is a climatic and glaciological subregion of the Andes. Together with the Wet Andes it is one of the two subregions of the Argentine and Chilean Andes. The Dry Andes runs from the Atacama Desert in northern Chile and Argentina south to a latitude of 35°S in Chile. In Argentina the Dry Andes reaches 40°S due to the leeward effect of the Andes. According to Luis Lliboutrythe Dry Andes can be defined after the distribution of penitentes.
 Ormen also known as The Serpent is a 1966 Swedish drama film directed by Hans Abramson. Christina Schollin won the award for Best Actress at the 3rd Guldbagge Awards.
 Drosophila simulans is a species of fly closely related to D. melanogaster and which belongs to the same melanogaster species subgroup. Its closest relatives are D. mauritiana and D. sechellia. This species was discovered by the fly geneticist Alfred Sturtevant in 1919 when he noticed that the flies used in Thomas Hunt Morgan's laboratory at the Columbia University were actually two distinct species: D. melanogaster and D. simulans.
 Dębsko-Ośrodek [ˈdɛmpskɔ ɔˈɕrɔdɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Megalocranchia fisheri is a species of glass squid. Its natural range covers at least the waters off Hawaii. The species may attain a mantle length of 1.8 m (5.9 ft) and a total length of over 2.7 m (8.9 ft) making it one of the largest species of squid together with the colossal squid (Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni) giant squid (Architeuthis sp.) and robust clubhook squid (Onykia robusta). It inhabits surface and mid-depth waters of open ocean.
 Dichomeris limosellus is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Great Britain Norway the Iberian Peninsula and part of the Balkan Peninsula.The wingspan is 19–22 mm. Adults are on wing from May to late June and again from July to September in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Lotus Medicago sativa and Trifolium.
 Geetham is a 1986 Malayalam film by Sajan.
 Jocara subfusca is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Drive Home is an EP released by British musician Steven Wilson featuring music videos previously unreleased tracks and live renditions of several songs recorded at Hugenottenhalle Frankfurt on 23 March 2013. The EP which was released on 21 October 2013 was available in two versions: DVD/CD and Blu-Ray/CD.
 The Old Stone Fort Museum is located on the grounds of Stephen F. Austin State University in the city and county of Nacogdoches in the U.S. state of Texas. It is a 1936 replica of a structure erected c. 1779 by Nacogdoches militia commander Antonio Gil Y'Barbo. The original was never actually a fort in spite of its sobriquet. After over a century serving varied purposes the original structure was demolished.
 For the Cagayan River in Luzon see Cagayan River.Cagayan River often called as Cagayan de Oro River is one of the rivers draining the northern central part of the island of Mindanao in the Philippines. The river has its headwaters in the Kalatungan Mountain Range found in the central part of the province of Bukidnon. It traverses the Municipalities of Talakag Baungon and Libona picking up tributaries along the way.
 Tymieniec-Dwór [tɨˈmjɛɲɛt͡s ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Durgada is a village in Gollaprolu Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Geoffrey Cecil Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes 18th Baron Saye and Sele (3 August 1858 – 2 February 1937) was a British soldier and Liberal politician. He served as Comptroller of the Household between 1912 and 1915.
 Live from London is a digital EP by Australian pop singer Natalie Imbruglia available exclusively through the iTunes Store as part of the Live from London series. It was released on 17 August 2007 through Brightside Recordings.The EP contains five live acoustic versions of hits from her singles collection Glorious: The Singles 1997-2007.
 One Live Night is a 1995 semi-acoustic live album by heavy metal band Dokken. The reunited Dokken recorded the album during their 1995 tour. The album went virtually unheard at the time of its release. MTV had no interest in any Hair Metal so Dokken decided to do their own unplugged album. This intimate performance included versions of Tooth and Nail Into the Fire and Alone Again as well as covers of the Beatles' Nowhere Man and Emerson Lake & Palmer's From the Beginning.
 Ride the Skies is the second album by noise rock band Lightning Bolt. This album is considered their breakthrough in the noise rock world.Track #2 Saint Jacques is named after bassist Dan St.
 Only the Dead See the End of the War is the debut EP released by Iraqi thrash metal band Acrassicauda on March 9 2010. All 4 songs featured on the disc are about the war in their native country Iraq.
 Under the Mud is a 2009 comedy film directed by Solon Papadopoulos. It is set in Garston an economically depressed area of Liverpool and follows the dramatic and eccentric happenings within one family on the day of its youngest daughter's first Holy Communion. The film includes several fantasy sequences and has been described by its producers as “social surrealism”.
 Naticarius canrena is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Cylindrobulla gigas is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cylindrobullidae.
 The Ghimeș-Palanca Pass is a mountain pass in the Eastern Carpathians of Romania situated at an altitude of 684 m and located between the Tarcău Mountains to the northeast and the Ciuc Mountains to the southwest.
 The Harlequin Tea Set is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by G. P. Putnam's Sons on 14 April 1997. It contains nine short stories each of which involves a separate mystery.
 Kamfers Dam is a privately owned permanent water body of 400 ha situated to the immediate north of Kimberley South Africa. The wetland was originally an ephemeral pan often dry and dependent on rain water. In recent times its water level rose as it received constant runoff and treated water from the growing city of Kimberley.The dam has become a major breeding site for Lesser Flamingos since construction of an artificial island.
 Derak (Persian: دارك‎ also Romanized as Derāk and Dārak) is a village in Shahi Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 18 families.
 The Playmaker is a novel based in Australia written by the Australian author Thomas Keneally.In 1789 in Sydney Cove the remotest penal colony of the British Empire a group of convicts and one of their captors unite to stage a play. Governor Arthur Phillip presides over the colony where 1st Lt. Ralph Clark sadistic Major Robert Ross (Royal Marines officer) and Midshipman Harry Brewer have a curious effect on the goings-on of the new Australian colony.
 Flabellobasis montana is a species of snout moth. It was described by Balinsky in 1991 and is known from South Africa.
 Thomas Poole Griesa (born 1930 in Kansas City MO) is a federal judge for the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.Born in Kansas City Missouri Griesa received a A.B. from Harvard University in 1952 and served in the U.S. Coast Guard from 1952 to 1954 thereafter receiving an LL.B. from Stanford Law School in 1958. He was an attorney with the Admiralty and Shipping Section of the U.S.
 Zofianka [zɔˈfjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Poniatowa 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Opole Lubelskie and 32 km (20 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 lovehatetragedy is the third album by Californian rock band Papa Roach. It was released on June 18 2002. A re-recorded version of the song M-80 (Explosive Energy Movement) was featured in the game Amplitude. The Song She Loves Me Not was featured in the game NHL 2003.
 The U.S. Post Office and Immigration Station–Nogales Main is a building in Nogales Arizona that was built in 1923. It was listed for its Classical Revival architecture in the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. Also known as Nogales Main Post Office and Immigration Station it served historically as a post office and as a government office building.
 Duran Darreh (Persian: دوراندره‎ also Romanized as Dūrān Darreh Darrān Darreh Darān Darreh Darun Darreh and Dowrān Darreh) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Marksa is a village in Audru Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia on the coast of Pärnu Bay (part of the Gulf of Riga). It has a population of 93 (as of 1 January 2011).Lindi Nature Reserve with Lindi bog is located just northwest of Marksa in Kõpu.
 Patle Shishupal Natthu (born 1 February 1967) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Bhandara constituency of Maharashtra and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.
 Topeka Correctional Facility is a Kansas Department of Corrections state prison for women located in Topeka Kansas. Built in the 1970s in March 2001 it became the only women's prison in the state. It administers a wide range of security levels from maximum security through work-release. The site was originally founded in 1905 as the Topeka Industrial Institute by the African American educator Edward S.
 The Historic Rossetter House Museum is located at 1320 Highland Avenue Melbourne Florida in the historic section of Eau Gallie. The museum consists of the James Wadsworth Rossetter House and Gardens (1908) the William P. Roesch House (1901) and the Houston Family Memorial Cemetery (1865). The museum is owned by The Rossetter House Foundation Inc. and managed by the Florida Historical Society. The museum includes antiques and exhibits that explore local history.
 Musipal is an album by Luke Vibert under the alias Wagon Christ.
 My Nappy Roots: A Journey Through Black Hair-itage is a 2008 American documentary film directed by Regina Kimbell.
 Stop!! Hibari-kun! (ストップ!! ひばりくん! Sutoppu!! Hibarikun!) is a manga series written and illustrated by Hisashi Eguchi. It ran in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1981 to 1983. The publisher has released all four volumes in tankōbon (bound volume) format. In 1983 Toei Animation created an anime adaptation which ran on Fuji Television from 1983 to 1984. While the anime has not been released in the U.S. the manga is translated in English on the Facebook pay-service Comic Friends.
 No Parole from Rock 'n' Roll (1983) was the first album released by the American heavy metal band Alcatrazz led by veteran singer Graham Bonnet. It spent seven weeks on the Billboard 200 albums chart peaking at No. 128. It is considered by many to be the best Alcatrazz release and launched Yngwie J. Malmsteen into a glittering solo career. The album is most famous for the singles Island in the Sun and Jet to Jet.
 António Sebastião Ribeiro de Spínola GCTE ComA (generally referred to as António de Spínola Portuguese pronunciation: [ɐ̃ ˈtɔniu dɨ ˈspinulɐ]; April 11 1910 – August 13 1996) was a Portuguese military officer author and conservative politician who played an important role in Portugal's transition to democracy following the Carnation Revolution.
 Terliksiz is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Monosyntaxis holmanhunti is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1914. It is found on Peninsular Malaysia Borneo Java and Bali.
 Tiger Bay is a 1934 British film starring the Chinese-American actor Anna May Wong and directed by J. Elder Wills.The film is about a young Englishman abroad Michael who deliberately visits a tough Chinese district of Tiger Bay to test his strength. He falls in love and battles a protection racket.
 Phyllonorycter argyrolobiella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from France.The larvae feed on Argyrolobium zanonii. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is found in the leaflets occupying a complete leaflet at the end of the development.
 The Kreuzspitze (2185 m) is the highest mountain in the Bavarian section of the Ammergau Alps.The mountain is located southeast of the Ammer Saddle. The easiest route to the summit is along the normal path from the north through the Hochgrieß Cirque (Hochgrießkar). A more scenic and varied route however is over the Kreuzspitzl to the south and then along the scenic ridge (UIAA climbing grade I to II) to the main peak.
 Arivaca pimella is a species of snout moth. It is found in southern Arizona.The length of the forewings is about 13 mm. The forewings are sprinkled with brown and white anterior to the cell. The cell is brownish white. The hindwings are light brown in females and somewhat darker in males.
 The Barea Moth (Barea codrella) is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia more specifically Tasmania New South Wales and Victoria and South Australia. It is also an adventive species in New Zealand.
 Conrad Sebastian Robert Russell 5th Earl Russell (15 April 1937 – 14 October 2004) was a British historian and politician. His parents were the philosopher and mathematician Bertrand Russell and his third wife Patricia Russell.
 The Bourne Ultimatum is a 2007 American-German action spy thriller film directed by Paul Greengrass loosely based on the Robert Ludlum novel of the same title. The screenplay was written by Tony Gilroy Scott Z. Burns and George Nolfi. The Bourne Ultimatum is the third in the Bourne film series being preceded by The Bourne Identity (2002) and The Bourne Supremacy (2004).
 Barand-e Sofla (Persian: بارندسفلي‎ also Romanized as Bārand-e Soflá; also known as Bārand-e Pā’īn) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District Padena District Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 447 in 108 families.
 The Patrick V. McNamara Federal Building is a class-A skyscraper located at 477 Michigan Avenue in Downtown Detroit Michigan designed by the Detroit architectural firm of Smith Hinchman and Grylls. It opened in 1976 to consolidate the offices of federal agencies which were scattered in several locations in the area.
 The Salleron (French: le Salleron) is a 51.8 km (32.2 mi) long river in the Haute-Vienne Vienne and Indre départements central France. Its source is several small streams which converge in a pond at Azat-le-Ris. It flows generally north. It is a left tributary of the Anglin into which it flows between Concremiers and Ingrandes.
 When Evening Falls on Bucharest or Metabolism (Romanian: Când se lasa seara peste Bucuresti sau metabolism) is a 2013 Romanian drama film written and directed by Corneliu Porumboiu. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Graphisurus triangulifer is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Haldeman in 1847 and is known from the eastern United States as well as the central state of Texas.
 Zyryab is a 1990 album by composer Paco de Lucía performed with his sextet. It features jazz pianist Chick Corea and guitarist Manolo Sanlúcar. The album is named after Ziryab a 9th-century Shiraz-born poet/musician at the Umayyad court in Córdoba credited with introducing to Spain the Persian lute later to become the Spanish guitar.
 Edith Ingeborg Schippers (born August 25 1964) is the current Minister of Health Welfare and Sport in the Netherlands.A Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) Schippers was a member of the House of Representatives from 2003 until 2010 and again briefly in 2012. Schippers was elected as deputy leader of the VVD in the House of Representatives in 2006 a position she served in until she became a minister in the first Rutte cabinet in 2010.
 Prison Saint-Paul also named Prison Saint-Paul - Saint Joseph was the maison d'arrêt of Lyon located in the Confluence quarter 2nd arrondissement of Lyon in the south of the Gare de Lyon-Perrache. It was so named because of its proximity to the Palais de Justice and its address is 33 cours Suchet. The building too old is now the subject of new projects. All prisoners have been moved to the new prison of Corbas.
 The Brownsville Herald is a newspaper based in Brownsville Texas circulating in the Cameron County area.Jesse O. Wheeler a newspaperman from Victoria purchased Brownsville's Cosmopolitan newspaper in 1892 and renamed it the Brownsville Herald. In early years the paper voiced concern for the need of a railroad connection to the north and a bridge to the nearby city of Matamoros Mexico.It was owned by Freedom Communications until 2012 after Freedom filed for bankruptcy.
 Ustarbowo [ustarˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 220.
 The Brief History of the Dead is a fantasy and adventure novel by Kevin Brockmeier.
 The Queen Scallop scientific name Aequipecten opercularis is a medium-sized species of scallop an edible marine bivalve mollusk in the family Pectinidae the scallops.
 Vice-Admiral (retired) Husaini Abdullahi (born 3 March 1939) was the Military Governor of Bendel State Nigeria from March 1976 to July 1978 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo.Husaini Abdullahi was born on 3 March 1939 in Doma Local Government now in Nasarawa State of Nigeria.As a Lieutenant Commander Abdullahi was in charge of troop landings from NNS Lokoja during the capture of Bonny Island in July 1967 during the Nigerian Civil War.On 30 July 1975 the new Head of State Brigadier Murtala Muhammed announced that Captain Abdullahi had been appointed to the Supreme Military Council.General Olusegun Obasanjo appointed Commodore Abdullahi Military Governor of Bendel State from March 1976 to July 1978.After retiring from the navy as a Vice-Admiral Abdullahi became Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Inland Bank Nigeria.
 The First Congregational Church in Pueblo Colorado is a Gothic Revival style church building constructed in 1889. The building designed by Fred A. Hale and constructed in 1889 with Manitou sandstone includes a bell tower. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Mullens Historic District is a national historic district located at Mullens Wyoming County West Virginia. It encompasses 95 contributing buildings and one contributing structure in the central business district of Mullens. It also includes surrounding residential areas. Notable buildings include the Highlawn Baptist Church (1925) Old Presbyterian Church Wyoming Hotel (1918) Bank of Mullens Building (1920) Masonic Hall Building (1924) Welch Apartment Building (c.
 Linda Newell is a legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado. Elected to the Colorado State Senate as a Democrat in 2008 Newell represents Senate District 26 which encompasses southern suburbs of Denver including Littleton Colorado.
 bob hund is the Swedish band bob hund's first full length music album and second self-titled release.
 Thillu Mullu is a 1981 Tamil comedy film starring Rajinikanth Madhavi 'Thengai' Srinivasan Nagesh and Sowkar Janaki with music composed by M. S. Viswanathan. It was directed by K. Balachander. The film is actually a remake of the Hindi comedy film Gol Maal which was released in 1979. The film received positive reviews from critics and was a commercial success at the box office.
 Eilema elegans is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1877. It is found in Ethiopia South Africa Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Zounds is the third album by Dappled Cities released in 2009 through Dangerbird Records. The album comes two years after their previous release Granddance during which time the band was touring the US with the likes of The Fratellis and Tokyo Police Club with a few forays home riding shotgun to Silverchair Modest Mouse and LCD Soundsystem. At this point the band had uprooted from their home of Sydney and settled States-side.
 Taga is a village and seat of the commune of Femaye in the Cercle of Djenné in the Mopti Region of southern-central Mali.
 Poe no Ichizoku (ポーの一族 Pō no Ichizoku lit. The Poe Family) is a Japanese shōjo historical manga by Moto Hagio that depicts a family of vampires from the 18th to the 20th centuries. The two main characters Edgar Portsnell and Allan Twilight as well as the family are named after Edgar Allan Poe. It was serialized by Shogakukan in Betsucomi from 1972 to 1976 and collected in nine bound volumes under the Flower Comics imprint. Poe was the first shōjo manga to be released in this format.
 Empetrichthys is a genus of splitfins endemic to the state of Nevada in the United States.
 The Staaten River is a river in the Cape York Peninsula Australia that rises more than 200 km to the west of Cairns and empties into the Gulf of Carpentaria. Along the way its waters overflow into intertwining lagoons that create an enormous wetland sanctuary for a vast array of unique wildlife and plants.
 Edmund Michael Reggie Sr. (July 19 1926 – November 19 2013) was an American Democratic politician and city judge from Louisiana. Reggie was born in the rice-growing city of Crowley the seat of government of Acadia Parish in southwestern Louisiana but resided in his later years in Lafayette. He claimed to have been the youngest person ever to have served as a judge in American history. He was the second father-in-law of the late U.S. Senator Edward M.
 Falcuna dorotheae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Democratic Republic of Congo (North Kivu). The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Erkenntnis is a journal of philosophy that publishes papers in analytic philosophy. Its name is derived from the German word for knowledge recognition. The journal was founded by Hans Reichenbach and Rudolf Carnap in 1930 and circulated under its original title Erkenntnis in 1930-1938. Renamed The Journal of Unified Science (Erkenntnis) (1939-1940) and interrupted after the beginning of World War II in 1940. The journal was refounded by Wilhelm K. Essler Carl G.
 Carey Baptist Church is an independent evangelical/Baptist church in Reading England.
 Televisioon was a newspaper published in Estonia.
 Wrzosy [ˈvʐɔsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Tuczno 21 km (13 mi) west of Wałcz and 107 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Wałcz County.The village has a population of 170.
 Missouri Headwaters State Park is a Montana state park that marks the official start of the Missouri River. It includes the Three Forks of the Missouri National Historic Landmark.It is located near Three Forks Montana at an elevation of 4045 feet (1233 m).The Missouri starts at the confluence of the Jefferson River and Madison River. It is joined about 0.6 mile down stream (northeast) by the Gallatin River.Lewis and Clark visited the site on July 28 1805.
 Kii Mountains (紀伊山地 Kii Sanchi) is a mountainous region covering most of the Kii Peninsula. They lie south of the Japan Median Tectonic Line (MTL) in Wakayama Nara and Mie prefectures. The mountains are arranged roughly northeast to southwest.
 CABFAIR is a 2008 mockumentary film produced and directed by Justin Chenier who came up with the original concept in 2004. Justin Chenier and K. Shane Doulton are listed as the writers although the film did not have a conventional script with each scene improvised by the actors while following the storyline written by Justin Chenier.
 Beibuschbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Contortivena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Haribhau Upadhyaya (Hindi: हरिभाऊ उपाध्याय) was an Indian politician and an Indian independence activist. He was the Chief Minister of Ajmer state from 1952-56.
 Lake Tutira is a body of water in north-eastern Hawke's Bay in New Zealand. Much of the area was surveyed by Herbert Guthrie-Smith who farmed 60000 acres (240 km²) surrounding the lake. Guthrie-Smith a naturalist published the popular Tutira: the story of a New Zealand sheep station in 1921.
 The Seymour Range is a low and small mountain range comprising the mountains/hills between the valley of Cowichan Lake and that of the San Juan River on southern Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 888 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 3rd Degree is a crime novel written by James Patterson and Andrew Gross. It is the third novel in the Women's Murder Club Series And the sequel to 2nd Chance. The book was published on March 1 2004.
 Psychopath (Italian: Sigpress contro Scotland Yard German: Mister Zehn Prozent - Miezen und Moneten) is a 1968 Italian-German crime film directed by Guido Zurli and starring Klaus Kinski.
 The Sign of Venus (Italian: Il segno di Venere) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi and starring Sophia Loren. It was entered into the 1955 Cannes Film Festival.
 Puka Mawras (Quechua puka red hispanicized spelling Puca Mauras) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 4262 metres (13983 ft) high. It is situated in the Valley of the Volcanoes in the Arequipa Region Castilla Province on the border of the districts Andagua and Chilcaymarca.
 The Obârșia River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 The Topkapı Palace (Turkish: Topkapı Sarayı or in Ottoman Turkish: طوپقپو سرايى)is a large palace in Istanbul Turkey that was the primary residence of the Ottoman Sultans for approximately 400 years (1465-1856) of their 624-year reign.As well as a royal residence the palace was a setting for state occasions and royal entertainments. It is now a major tourist attraction and contains important holy relics of the Muslim world including Muhammed's cloak and sword.
 The Winter War (original title in Finnish: Talvisota) is a 1989 Finnish war film directed by Pekka Parikka based on The Winter War a novel by Antti Tuuri. It tells the story of a Finnish infantry regiment JR 23 which consists almost solely of men from Southern Ostrobothnia focusing mainly on a platoon of reservists from Kauhava. The film was released in Finland and Sweden on the 50th anniversary of the beginning of the Winter War.
 My Secret Life is an album by Eric Burdon released in 2004. It was his first solo album release which contains new titles in nearly 16 years. It was his comeback album.It features many different musical directions such as jazz blues soul rock ska rhythm and blues folk boogie world and pop. Burdon said in an interview that every song is different. The album peaked No.
 Johnny Reb and Billy Yank was a Sunday comic strip drawn by Frank Giacoia from November 18 1956 to May 24 1959. It was one of the last full page Sunday strips. The last full page appeared in late 1957. On May 18 1958 the title changed to Johnny Reb. Some Sundays were ghosted by other artists including Jack Kirby and Joe Kubert.
 Thomas Harrison Fetzer (born April 25 1955) served three two-year terms as Mayor of Raleigh North Carolina from December 1993 to December 1999. He was elected the chairman of the North Carolina Republican Party on June 13 2009 and served until January 15 2011.
 Inside the Walls of Folsom Prison is a 1951 drama film starring Steve Cochran and David Brian.
 Tête-à-tête is a non-fiction book by Hazel Rowley about the lives of Jean-Paul Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir.
 Confidence Man is the first solo album by The New Amsterdams and Get Up Kids frontman Matt Pryor.
 Antheraeopsis is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Killion Munzele Munyama (born 10 July 1961) is a Zambian-born Polish economist academic lecturer politician and a delegate to the Polish parliament (the 7th Sejm).
 0304 is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Jewel. It was released on June 3 2003 by Atlantic Records. Inspired by the sudden success of scoring a number-one hit on the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart with Serve the Ego—the final single from her previous album This Way—in early November 2002 Jewel decided to make a radical departure from her previous folk-oriented musical efforts and recorded a dance album.
 The Canadian Journal of Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology/Revue canadienne d'orthophonie et d'audiologie is the official journal of the Canadian Association of Speech-Language Pathologists and Audiologists. It is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering normal human communication and related disorders influencing speech language and hearing.
 And Another Thing… is the sixth instalment of Douglas Adams' The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy trilogy. The book written by Eoin Colfer author of the Artemis Fowl series was published on the thirtieth anniversary of the first book 12 October 2009 in hardback. It was published by Penguin Books in the UK and by Hyperion Books in the US.
 Achatina albopicta common name the African land snail is a species of large air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae.This species is native to Kenya.
 The Worcester Masonic Temple is a historic Masonic temple Located at 1 Ionic Avenue in downtown Worcester Massachusetts. Construction on the temple began on September 12 1913 with the laying of the cornersone. The building was finished and dedicated on September 3 1914 by the then Grand Master Most Worshipful Melvin M. Johnson.The building is an excellent instance of a Classical Revival building.
 Fever Crumb is a young adult post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Philip Reeve published in 2009. A sequel called A Web of Air was published in April 2010. Both are prequels to the Mortal Engines Quartet series of novels by the same author.
 Ratatouille (/rætəˈtuːiː/; French pronunciation: ​[ʁatatuj]) is a 2007 American computer-animated comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the eighth film produced by Pixar and was co-written and directed by Brad Bird who took over from Jan Pinkava in 2005. The title refers to a French dish ratatouille which is served at the end of the film and is also a play on words about the species of the main character.
 Sthenopis roseus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Oberthür in 1912 and is known from China including Hubei.
 Russell L. Ott is an American lobbyist and politician from the state of South Carolina. A member of the Democratic Party he is the Representative-elect for the 93rd district of the South Carolina House of Representatives.
 Crescent Lake Pensacola (or the Brent Bayou Lakes) Is a reservoir in Pensacola Florida that was built for the Crescent Lake Apartments in honor of its golf course.
 Oksvoll is a village in the municipality of Bjugn in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the municipal center of Botngård about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southwest of Vallersund and about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) northeast of Nes.
 Kalateh-ye Hasan (Persian: كلاته حسن‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩasan) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lac Miroir is a lake in Hautes-Alpes France.
 Rajalingampet is a Gram Panchayat village located in Medipalle Mandal Karimnagar District Andhra Pradesh State India. Rajalingampet is located 49.8 km distance from its District Headquarters (Karimnagar).
 Joëlle Kapompolé (born 23 December 1971 in Kolwezi Zaire) is a Belgian politician and a member of the PS. She was a member of the Belgian Senate from 2004 to 2009.
 Kanozero (Russian: Канозеро) is a lake on the Umba River in Murmansk Oblast in Russia.The lake is 32 km long and between three and six kilometers wide. It is situated about halfway between Lake Umbozero and the White Sea. The Umba river enters the lake on the east side about five kilometers from its northern end.
 Wandering Detective: Black Wind in the Harbor (風来坊探偵　岬を渡る黒い風 Fūraibō tantei: Misaki o wataru kuroi kaze) is the second film directed by Kinji Fukasaku. The film is a follow up to Wandering Detective: Tragedy in Red Valley.
 The Valea Albă River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Supreme Vehemence is the final album by Japanese death metal band Vomit Remnants. It includes the first 8 tracks from their debut album Supreme Entity while the remaining 6 are from the Indefensible Vehemence EP
 Kopatchinskaja-Say is the first studio album by violinist Patricia Kopatchinskaja (1977) from Moldova and the 16th for pianist and composer Fazıl Say (1970) from Turkey. Recorded in October 2007 in Köln Germany it was released by Naïve Classique on September 15 2008. Kopatchinskaja-Say features the music of Beethoven Ravel Bartók and an original composition by Say.
 Seyyed Mohammadlu (Persian: سيدمحمدلو‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Moḩammadlū; also known as Seyyed Moḩammadī) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 21 families.
 Fairview is a historic home located north of Odessa New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1850 and is a 2 1/2-story five-bay frame house with a three bay front porch. It has a gable roof with dormers. The house is sheathed in asbestos siding over weatherboard.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Nathaniel Batchelder House is an historic house at 71 Franklin Street in Reading Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house was built sometime between 1753 and 1765 by Nathaniel Batchelder Jr. probably later in the period following his father's death in 1763 when the family property was divided.
 Kee en Janus naar Parijs is a 1924 Dutch silent comedy film directed by Alex Benno.
 Washington Park (formerly Western Division of South Park also Park No. 21) is a 372-acre (1.5 km2) park between Cottage Grove Avenue and Martin Luther King Drive (originally known as Grand Boulevard) located at 5531 S. Martin Luther King Dr. in the Washington Park community area on the South Side of Chicago in Cook County Illinois. It was named for President George Washington in 1880.
 Cetopsidium minutum is a species of whale catfish found in Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela where it occurs in the coastal rivers north of the Amazon to the Orinoco River.
 Café Boulud is a French restaurant located at 20 East 76th Street (between Fifth Avenue and Madison Avenue) inside the Surrey Hotel on the Upper East Side in Manhattan in New York City. It is owned by French celebrity chef and restaurateur Daniel Boulud. Boulud is New York City's longest-tenured four-star chef.The restaurant opened in 1998. It is named for a restaurant just outside Lyons France that was once owned by Boulud's family.
 My Dear Marie (ぼくのマリー Boku no Marī) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Sakura Takeuchi. It was serialized in the Shueisha magazine Weekly Young Jump from 1994 to 1997. In 1996 Studio Pierrot adapted the manga into a three-episode original video animation (OVA) anime series. When the anime was originally released in English language the English dubbed version was titled separately as Metal Angel Marie but this name was discontinued for later releases.
 Melanie Wade Goodwin is a Democratic former member of the North Carolina General Assembly and represented the state's 66th House district for three terms. First elected in 2004 she announced that she would not seek a fourth term in 2010. She has served two terms as Chair of the House Election Laws and Campaign Finance Reform Committee and House co-chair of the Joint Legislative Administrative Procedures Oversight Committee.
 Sarduk (Persian: سردوك‎ also Romanized as Sardūk) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 13 families.
 The Covăcia River is a tributary of the Strâmbu-Băiuţ River in Romania.
 The Între Hotare River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 For a Living: The Poetry of Work is a literary anthology of American labor poetry written during the 1980s and 1990s.The book identifies within American literature of the current Information Age or service economy a new work poetry about the nature and culture of nonindustrial work: white collar pink collar domestic clerical technical managerial or professional.
 Lake Boon is a lake in eastern Massachusetts covering about 163 acres (0.66 km2) in the towns of Stow and Hudson Massachusetts. It has been an important part of the Stow and Hudson communities since the towns originated. It was originally named Boon Pond after Matthew Boon an explorer from Charlestown Massachusetts who came to the area in 1660. He was the first of two settlers in Stow and was killed by Native Americans near the Lake on about February 14 1676.
 Electric Youth (Atlantic LP 81932) is the second album by Debbie Gibson released January 24 1989 on Atlantic Records. It is the highest-charting album of her career staying at the top of the Billboard Hot Albums chart for five weeks and reaching Number 8 on the UK album chart.
 Crooked Fingers (2000) is the first proper full-length album recorded by the indie rock band Crooked Fingers. It was released on January 18 2000 on WARM Records. It was recorded by Eric Bachmann in Seattle WA at Ft. Lawton and Denise Maupin's.
 Gavadeh (Persian: گاوده‎) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 84 families.
 Kaibutsu-kun (怪物くん Little Monster) is a shōnen manga and anime series by Fujiko Fujio named after its protagonist.
 Gradska (Serbian: Градска) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Ljubuški.
 Holy Talker (ホーリートーカー Hōrī Tōkā) is a Japanese manga series illustrated by Rando Ayamine. The manga began serialization in the April 2008 issue of Kodansha's magazine Shōnen Rival. Six tankōbon volumes have been released in Japan before the series was interrupted.
 Lepidopleurus otagoensis is a species of chiton in the family Leptochitonidae.
 To Notice Such Things is a studio album by former Deep Purple keyboard player Jon Lord released in 2010. It is titled after the main work a six-movement suite for solo flute piano and string orchestra composed by Lord in memory of his close friend the late Sir John Mortimer CBE QC. The music emanates from that which Lord composed for the stage show Mortimer’s Miscellany which he also occasionally accompanied.
 Kamar Boneh (Persian: كمربنه‎; also known as Kamarbūneh) is a village in Samen Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 27 families.
 NAC Fanzine De Rat commonly known as De Rat is an independent fanzine for the Dutch football club NAC Breda. The fanzine was sold for the first time on 11 August 1996 and is the longest established fanzine in the Netherlands. The fanzine is published 8 times during the football season and the fanzine’s circulation in January 2010 was 700 copies.
 Ruth Corman Rudy (born January 3 1938) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Cautionary Tales for the Brave is a 2005 mini-album by the British New prog band Pure Reason Revolution. Singer Chloe Alper described the album as a kind of warm up to The Dark Third. Most of the tracks appear on their debut album The Dark Third with the exception of In Aurelia with Jon Courtney saying that they were initially written to be released on that album before Sony BMG decided to release a mini-album prompting the band to write more songs.
 Nile Pilot was an English-language daily newspaper published from Khartoum Sudan. The newspaper was founded in 1965. It was linked to Sadiq wing of the Umma Party.
 Haasiasaurus is an extinct genus of mosasaur originally named Haasia by M. J. Polcyn et al. in honour of the palaeontologist Georg Haas. (The original name was a junior homonym of Haasia Bollman 1893 a genus of millipedes.) The genus contains the species Haasiasaurus gittelmani which was found in Cenomanian (Upper Cretaceous) rocks near Ein Yabrud in the Palestinian West Bank approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Jerusalem.
 Magen David or the Shield of David Synagogue is located at the junction of Brabourne Road and Canning Street (Biplabi Rashbehari Road) in Kolkata. Magen David is the second operating synagogue in Kolkata the other is the Beth El Synagogue at Pollock Street.
 Lovely Angel (ラブリー·エンジェル laburī enjieru) is an erotic comedy manga series created by Go Nagai in 1996. The manga originally ran in the magazine Weekly Hoseki from January 4 1996 to April 10 1997 published by Kobunsha. It was later compiled in five tankōbon. Two direct-to-video films were created based on the manga.
 The Problem of Our Laws (Zur Frage der Gesetze) is a short parable by Franz Kafka was published posthumously in Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer (Berlin 1931). The first English translation translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in The Great Wall of China. Stories and Reflections (New York: Schocken Books 1946).
 Metarctia brunneoaurantiaca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1973. It is found in Kenya.
 Kekkaishi (結界師 lit. Barrier Master) is a supernatural manga series written and illustrated by Yellow Tanabe. It was serialized in Japan by Shogakukan in the manga magazine Shōnen Sunday from 2003 to 2011 and licensed for an English-language release in North America by Viz Media. It was adapted as a fifty-two episode anime series by Sunrise which was broadcast between October 2006 and February 2008.
 Muuga is a village in Laekvere Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Gündoğdu is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Carlos Papay del Rosario Imperial (July 15 1930 – April 11 2010) was a 2nd district representative of Albay in the Philippines. He was a member of the Imperial family a prominent political family in the area.
 The Short-tailed Emerald (Chlorostilbon poortmani) is a species of hummingbird found in the Andes of Colombia and Venezuela. It has also been called Poortman's Emerald Hummingbird.The binomial name was given by Jules Bourcier (1797-1873) a French naturalist and expert on hummingbirds.
 Deep Domain is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Howard Weinstein.
 Trifun Kostovski (Macedonian: Трифун Костовски) (born 27 December 1946 in Skopje SR Macedonia) is a Macedonian politician businessman and singer and the ex-Mayor of Skopje.He is married with three children. He has graduated at the Faculty of Economics St.Cyril and Methodius University in Skopje. He is fluent in English Polish Russian and Serbo-Croatian.
 Symphony for Improvisers is an album by Don Cherry featuring Gato Barbieri Henry Grimes Ed Blackwell Karl Berger Jean-François Jenny-Clark and Pharoah Sanders recorded in 1966 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Hydrelia sanguiniplaga is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China and Burma.
 Out for Blood is the fifth full-length album by Sadus. It was released on Mascot Records on February 27 2006 in Europe and it was released on May 2 2006 in USA.This album saw bassist Steve DiGiorgio experimenting with vocals for the first time.
 A Star Is Born is a 1937 Technicolor romantic drama film produced by David O. Selznick and directed by William A. Wellman with a script by Wellman Robert Carson Dorothy Parker and Alan Campbell. It stars Janet Gaynor as an aspiring Hollywood actress and Fredric March as an aging movie star who helps launch her career. Other members of the cast include Adolphe Menjou May Robson Andy Devine Lionel Stander and Carole Landis.
 Franklin Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Franklin in Delaware County New York. The district contains 242 contributing buildings four contributing sites and one contributing object. The majority of the buildings are residential with three churches 12 commercial buildings one industrial structure five institutional and/or public buildings four historic cemeteries and one monument.
 Milan Gorkić or Josip Čižinsky (real name Josef Čižinský sometimes spelled Čižinski; 19 February 1904 – 1 November 1937) was a high-ranking Yugoslav communist of Czech ethnicity. He was a leader of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia (KPJ) in exile from 1932 until 1937 and prominent member of the Comintern. Gorkić was executed by the NKVD on 1 November 1937 during the Great Purge.
 Four Fish: The Future of the Last Wild Food is a 2010 nonfiction book by author Paul Greenberg. This work explores the state of commercial fishing and aquaculture. Greenberg frames his observations by commenting on the status of four specific fish: cod salmon bass and tuna. Choosing four fish was a decision influenced by author Michael Pollan's selection of four plants in his book The Botany of Desire.
 Blackmask is a three-issue prestige format mini-series by Brian Augustyn and Jim Baikie published in 1993 by DC Comics.
 The Torrent Duck (Merganetta armata) is a member of the duck goose and swan family Anatidae. It is the only member of the genus Merganetta. Today it is placed in the shelduck subfamily Tadorninae after the perching duck assemblage where it was formerly assigned to was dissolved because it turned out to be paraphyletic[citation needed].
 Urothoe is a genus of very small marine amphipod crustaceans in the family Urothoidae. Members of the genus are found worldwide.
 John A. C. Menton (September 4 1866 – December 24 1947) was an American politician the only Socialist mayor of Flint Michigan (1911–1912). Menton was not only a member of the Socialist Party of America he was also secretary-treasurer of the Central Labor Council and president of the local cigarmakers union one of the largest in the city. In 1906 and 1910 he ran unsuccessfully as a Socialist candidate for U.S.
 Obama Zombies: How the Liberal Machine Brainwashed My Generation is a book written by Jason Mattera. Published in 2010 by Simon and Schuster the book purports to reveal methods that Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign used to organize or mislead young voters.
 The Usabón river is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Hay Bluff (Welsh: Penybegwn) is a prominent hill at the northern tip of the Black Mountains an extensive upland massif which straddles the border between south-east Wales and England. Its flat summit which overlooks the middle Wye Valley and the book town of Hay-on-Wye is marked by a triangulation pillar at a height of 677 metres (2221 ft).The hill is largely within the Welsh county of Powys though parts of its eastern flanks lie within the English county of Herefordshire.
 Death in the Afternoon is a non-fiction book written by Ernest Hemingway about the ceremony and traditions of Spanish bullfighting published in 1932. The book provides a look at the history and what Hemingway considers the magnificence of bullfighting. It also contains a deeper contemplation on the nature of fear and courage.
 Scanlan's Monthly was a short-lived monthly publication which ran from March 1970 to January 1971. Edited by Warren Hinckle III and Sidney Zion it featured politically controversial muckraking and was ultimately subject to an investigation by the FBI during the Nixon administration. It was boycotted by printers as un-American by 1971.
 Do Waqt Ki Roti is a 1988 Indian Bollywood film directed by Satpal and produced by M.P. Agrawal. It stars Feroz Khan Sanjeev Kumar Reena Roy and Sulakshana Pandit in pivotal roles.
 Tragiedia wg Post Regiment is the third album of Polish punk rock band Post Regiment. The album includes songs written by Post Regiment's friend band Tragedia. Tragedia ceased to exist without releasing any albums. Two of the bands members supported Post Regiment during recording.
 Stuart Gordon McFarlane CMG (4 May 1885 – 31 December 1970) was a senior Australian public servant. He was Secretary of the Department of the Treasury between 1938 and 1949.
 The Itonomas River is a river of Bolivia. It is a tributary of the Guaporé (Iténez) River and runs through the departments of Santa Cruz and Beni. Over its course it receives tributaries such as the Quizer River.
 Rhode Island Hospital is a private not-for-profit hospital located in Providence in the U.S. state of Rhode Island.
 New Sharon Congregational Church is a historic church on ME 134 in New Sharon Maine.It was built in 1834 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Paatsjoki River (Finnish: Paatsjoki Skolt Sami: Paaččjokk Northern Sami: Báhčaveaijohka Norwegian: Pasvikelva Swedish: Pasvik älv Russian: Паз or Патсойоки) is a river that flows through Finland Norway and Russia.
 Apotomis betuletana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe. It is also found in the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone. The habitat consists of woods and woodland margins where birch occurs.The wingspan is 16–20 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September.The larvae feed on Betula species. They spin and roll the leaves of their host plant. The larvae can be found from May to June. Pupation takes place in the larval habitation or among leaf-litter on the ground.
 Peleg Sprague (December 10 1756 – April 20 1800) was a politician from the U.S. state of New Hampshire.Sprague was born in Rochester Massachusetts. He clerked in a store in Littleton Massachusetts attended Harvard College and was graduated from Dartmouth College Hanover New Hampshire in 1783. He studied law was admitted to the bar in 1785 and commenced practice in Winchendon Massachusetts. He moved to Keene New Hampshire in 1787.
 Olivia is the second book in The Girls series by Rosie Rushton. It was published in 1997 by Piccadilly Press Ltd.
 Østre Grimevann (or Grimevannet austre) is a lake in the municipality of Lillesand in Aust-Agder county Norway. The lake is located north of the European route E18 highway about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from the city of Lillesand. It is the drinking water reservoir for the municipality of Lillesand.
 Fireworks Wednesday (Persian: چهارشنبه سوری ‎ Chaharshanbe Suri) is a 2006 Iranian film directed by Asghar Farhadi and co-written by Farhadi and Mani Haghighi. It stars Hedyeh Tehrani Taraneh Alidousti and Hamid Farokhnezhad.
 Namileh (Persian: ناميله‎ also Romanized as Nāmīleh; also known as Nāmleh) is a village in Muzaran Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1539 in 400 families.
 The Dock Brief (US title Trial and Error) is a 1962 black-and-white British legal satire directed by James Hill starring Peter Sellers and Richard Attenborough and based on the play of the same name written by John Mortimer (creator of Horace Rumpole).Richard Attenborough was nominated for the 1963 BAFTA Award for best British Actor for his role.
 Kanasugara (Kannada: ಕನಸುಗಾರ) is a 2001 Indian Kannada language romance-drama film starring V. Ravichandran Prema and Shashikumar in the lead roles. The film a remake of Tamil blockbuster film Unnidathil Ennai Koduthen (1998) is directed by Karan and features soundtrack from Rajesh Ramanath. The original version was directed by Vikraman and featured Karthik and Roja in lead roles.Released on 3 August 2001 the film met with very good positive response at the box-office.
 The William G. and Anne Williams House is a historic building in Sparta Wisconsin that is now a four-room bed and breakfast.The Williams house is a Queen Anne style Victorian home that has been on the Wisconsin State and National Register of Historic Places since 2005. The home is known officially on the historical register as the Williams William G. and Anne House. The home was built by W. G. Williams a prominent banker in the small town.
 The Laba (Russian: Лаба Laba; Adyghe and Kabardian: Лабэжъ Labez̄) is a river in Karachay-Cherkessia Adygea and Krasnodar Krai of Russia. It is a tributary of the Kuban River which it at Ust-Labinsk). It is formed by the confluence of the Bolshaya Laba River and the Malaya Laba River (Малая Лаба Malaja Laba; Лабэжьый Labez̄yj). It is used for irrigation and timber floating. It is also suitable for rafting.
 Trevor Phillips OBE (born 31 December 1953 London) is a former chair of the Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) and a former television executive and presenter.
 Love Loss and What I Wore is a play written by Nora and Delia Ephron based on the 1995 book of the same name by Ilene Beckerman. It is organized as a series of monologues and uses a rotating cast of five principal women.
 Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a 1941 horror film starring Spencer Tracy Ingrid Bergman and Lana Turner. Rather than being a new film version of the novel it is a direct remake of the 1931 film of the same title which differs greatly from the novel. The movie was based on Robert Louis Stevenson's 1886 novella the Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and directed by Victor Fleming director of Gone with the Wind and The Wizard of Oz two years earlier.
 Waldsea Lake is a lake in central Saskatchewan Canada 100 km east of Saskatoon near Carmel Saskatchewan. The lake is partially saline with strong consentations of Sodium Sulfate Magnesium and Chlorine ions. It is part of the Lenore Lake Basin which includes several saline lakes (Lenore Basin Middle Frog Ranch Murphy Flat Mantrap Houghton Deadmoose and Waldsea) as well as the freshwater St. Brieux Lake and Burton Lake. The basin has no natural outlet.
 Van B. DeLashmutt (July 27 1842 - October 4 1921) served as mayor of Portland Oregon from 1888 to 1891.
 Heer Ranjha is the first Punjabi feature film directed by A.R. Kardar starring Anwari Begum and Rafiq Ghaznavi in title roles. It was first named as Hoor Punjab but then Kardar changed its name to Heer Ranjha. Rafiq Ghaznavi composed the music for the film.
 Chathedom is a village in Ernakulam district in Kerala India.
 The trillers (Lalage) are a genus of passerine birds belonging to the cuckoo-shrike family Campephagidae. Their name comes from the loud trilling calls of the males. There are about 12 species which occur in southern Asia and Australasia with a number of species on Pacific islands. They feed mainly on insects and fruit. They build a neat cup-shaped nest high in a tree.They are fairly small birds about 15 to 20 cm long. They are mainly black grey and white in colour.
 Herbert Russell Brown is a lawyer and author from the U.S. State of Ohio who sat on the Ohio Supreme Court for six years then devoted his time to writing fiction.
 Psilorhynchus rahmani is a fish found in genus Psilorhynchus.
 Daniel Awet Akot is the deputy Speaker of the National Legislative Assembly of South Sudan.
 Tous les matins du monde (English Translation: All the Mornings of the World) is a 1991 French film based on the book of the same name. Set during the reign of Louis XIV the film shows the eminent musician Marin Marais looking back on his young life when he tried to become a pupil of Monsieur de Sainte-Colombe and features much music of the period especially that for the viola da gamba.
 Marsh Lake (Mud Lake) is a widening of the Yukon River southeast of Whitehorse Yukon Canada. It is over 30 kilometres long and ranges from three to four kilometres wide.The co-ordinates of the lake are 60°26′10″N 134°15′02″W and is 2147 feet above sea level. The lake forms part of a chain of finger lakes sometimes referred to as The Southern Lakes they form the headwaters of the Yukon River.The community of Marsh Lake Yukon is located along the northern shores of the lake.
 Barton Hall also known as the Cunningham Plantation is an antebellum plantation house built for Armstead Barton in the 1840s near present day Cherokee Alabama. The home is located south of US 72 and east of the Natchez Trace Parkway in the former town of Buzzard Roost.
 For other philosophical literature by the same name see On Nature (disambiguation).On Nature was a philosophical poem which details Anaximander's theories about the evolution of the Earth plants animals and humankind. Anaximander described his theory that humans and other animals descended from fish once the world's oceans began to dry up. Also he described a theory of abiogenesis in his book in the way that he believed that the first life forms formed from mist.
 The Naval Museum of Halifax (Admiralty House) is a Canadian Forces museum and National Historic Site of Canada located in Halifax Nova Scotia Canada which collects preserves and displays the artifacts and history of the Royal Canadian Navy. From 1974 to 2013 it was named the Maritime Command Museum.The museum is located in the historic Admiralty House within CFB Halifax and is open to the public year-round.
 Jeffery Glacier is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier begins in the Alaska Range on the north side of Mount McKinley directly below the Wickersham Wall heading northeast to join Peters Glacier after the latter's Tluna Icefall.
 Nak (Thai: นาค) is a Thai animated fantasy film that was released on April 3 2008.The story is based on ghosts of the folklore of Thailand who in this movie shed their sinister reputation and are the heroes. Nak its central character is based on the figure of Mae Nak a Thai female spirit that has a baby and can stretch her arms. Nak's striking fuchsia-colored hair and eyes in this movie are a departure from her alleged looks in traditional lore though.
 The Very Best of ELO is a music video collection featuring thirteen Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) promotional videos released in 1991 on VHS by Telstar Video Entertainment. The videos are taken from A New World Record Out of the Blue and Discovery This is so far the only ELO compilation video ever released and includes three non-single videos.
 1001 Best Ways is written by Paul D Angles based on contributions by hundred of individuals.
 The Disrupt is the debut album by Oh No an American hip hop rapper and producer signed to Stones Throw Records. Oh No produced the majority of this album however fellow Stones Throw producers Madlib and J Dilla had a few contributions. Some U.S.-manufactured copies of this album are missing the two bonus tracks.
 Paisan (Italian: Paisà) is a 1946 Italian film directed by Roberto Rossellini the second of a trilogy by Rossellini. It is divided into six episodes. They are set in the Italian Campaign during World War II when Nazi Germany was losing the war against the Allies. A major theme is communication problems due to language barriers.The film was nominated for both the Academy Award for Best Writing (Original Screenplay) and the BAFTA Award for Best Film from any source.
 Kirk Pearson is an American politician of the Republican Party. He is a member of the Washington State Senate since 2013 and before that served as a member of the Washington House of Representatives in both positions representing the 39th district.
 Lead On is an album released by American country music artist George Strait. Released in 1994 on MCA Records the album was certified platinum in the U.S. for sales of one million copies. It includes the singles The Big One You Can't Make a Heart Love Somebody Lead On and Adalida which respectively reached #1 #1 #7 and #3 on the Hot Country Songs charts between 1994 and 1995. The album's title track was co-written by Teddy Gentry who at the time was a member of the band Alabama.
 The Smithsonian's Museum Conservation Institute (MCI) aims to be the center for specialized conservation and technical collection research for all of the Smithsonian museums and collections.
 Arne Duncan (born November 6 1964) is an American education administrator who has been United States Secretary of Education since 2009. Duncan previously served as CEO of the Chicago Public Schools.
 Zagościniec [zaɡɔɕˈt͡ɕiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wołomin and 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1600.
 Fashion Fair Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Fresno California anchored by JCPenney Forever 21 Macy's Men and Children and Macy's Women and Home. An extensive remodeling program was initiated in 2003 designed by F+A Architects which included extensive interior renovations and the addition of an open-air walkway with additional shops and restaurants.
 Swift crater is a crater on Mars's moon Deimos. It is about 3 km (1.9 mi) in diameter. Swift crater is named after Jonathan Swift who predicted the existence of the moons of Mars. Swift crater is one of two named features on Deimos the other being Voltaire crater. On 10 July 2006 Mars Global Surveyor took an image of Deimos from 22985 km (14282 mi) away showing Swift crater.
 The Witness for the Prosecution and Other Stories is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in 1948. The first edition retailed at $2.50.
 Coca-Cola Baltimore Branch Factory is a historic factory complex located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It was constructed from 1921 to 1948 and built principally to house Coca Cola’s syrup-making operations. The complex is spread over a 9.4-acre (38000 m2) site and includes a two-story brick syrup factory/sugar warehouse and an earlier two-story brick mattress factory (The Simmons Building) that Coca-Cola acquired and adapted in the 1930s.
 Pizza II: Villa is an Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by debutant Deepan Chakravarthy. It stars Ashok Selvan and Sanchita Shetty in lead roles while Nassar and Vegan Rajesh appear in other pivotal roles The music for the film was composed by Santhosh Narayanan while cinematography was handled by Deepak Kumar Padhy and Leo John Paul has done the editing. Produced jointly by Thirukumaran Entertainment and Studio Green Pizza II: Villa is a spiritual successor to Pizza (2012).
 Namadagala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Nilu (Persian: نيلو‎ also Romanized as Nīlū; also known as Nīlū Rastegār) is a village in Qatruyeh Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 51 families.
 Thomas Kent Jr. Farm is a historic home and farm located at Franklin Township in Greene County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1851 and is a 2 1/2-story brick dwelling with a 2-story rear ell in the Greek Revival style. It measures 43 feet by 36 feet. Also on the property are the contributing frame barn (c. 1850) corn crib (c. 1850) shed (c. 1920) two car garage (c. 1928) and pond (c. 1928).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Góra [ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowo Podgórne within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Stephen Bayard was the 39th Mayor of New York City from 1744 to 1747.
 The Boob is a 1926 American silent romantic comedy film directed by William Wellman and starring Gertrude Olmstead Antonio D'Algy George K. Arthur and Joan Crawford.
 Diary of an Ordinary Woman is a novel framed as an 'edited' diary of fictional woman Millicent King (1901-1995) written by Margaret Forster.
 Joseph James Marzilli Jr. (born May 8 1958 in Stoneham Massachusetts) was a member of the Massachusetts Senate. Marzilli a Democrat was elected to the Senate in a special election in December 2007 representing the communities of Arlington Billerica Burlington Lexington and Woburn partway through his ninth term in the Massachusetts House of Representatives representing Arlington and West Medford. He was the Senate Chair of the Committee on Tourism Arts and Cultural Development.
 The Wonders of Aladdin (Italian: Le meraviglie di Aladino) is a 1961 Italian fantasy film directed by Mario Bava and Henry Levin and presented by Joseph E. Levine for MGM. The film stars Donald O'Connor as the title character. At this time O'Connor was reaching the decline of his career after many years of fame.
 Evci is a village in the District of Tufanbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 East Okoboji Lake is a natural body of water approximately 1835 acres (7.43 km²) in area in Dickinson County in northwest Iowa in the United States. It is part of the chain of lakes known as the Iowa Great Lakes. The area was long inhabited by the Santee or Eastern Dakota Sioux. The lake was known after its Dakota-language name Okoboozhy meaning reeds and rushes.
 The swollen-headed conger eel Bassanago bulbiceps is a conger of the family Congridae found on continental slopes around southern Australia and New Zealand. Its length is between 40 and 60 cm.
 The Atomic Mr. Basie (originally called Basie also known as E=MC2 and reissued in 1994 as The Complete Atomic Mr Basie) is a 1958 album by Count Basie and his orchestra. The album is one of Basie's most famous and is critically acclaimed.
 Kamp-e Abbas (Persian: كمپ عباس‎ also Romanized as Kamp-e ‘Abbās) is a village in Julaki Rural District Jayezan District Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 11 families.
 Chris Harris (born 19 February 1948)is a Texas politician and attorney. He was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1985 to 1991 and has been a member of the Texas Senate since 1991 representing District 9 which comprises parts of Dallas Denton and Tarrant County.
 Eduardo González (born on November 9 1969) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 111th District which includes parts of Miami and Hialeah in northeastern Miami-Dade County since 2012.
 Ruler on Ice (born April 2 2008) is a Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 2011 Belmont Stakes. He was bred and foaled in Kentucky by Brandywine Farm in partnership with Liberation Farm on. He is a chestnut gelding sired by Hill 'n' Dale Farms' Roman Ruler out of the Saratoga Six-bred mare Champagne Glow. The colt was consigned as lot 988 at the 2009 Keeneland September yearling auction where he was purchased by George and Lori Hall for $100000.
 The Avers Rhine (German: Averserrhein Romansh: Ragn da Ferrera) is a tributary of the Hinterrhein in the Swiss Canton of Graubünden.
 The Red-billed Dwarf Hornbill (Tockus camurus) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Sudan and Uganda.
 Oshnuzang (Persian: اشنوزنگ‎ also Romanized as Oshnūzang and Oshnuzeng; also known as Oshnūrang and Shenow Zang) is a village in Lahijan Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 631 in 104 families.
 The John Greenleaf Whittier Home is a historic house located at 86 Friend Street Amesbury Massachusetts. It was the home of American poet and abolitionist John Greenleaf Whittier from 1836 until his death in 1892 and is now a nonprofit museum open to the public May 1 through October 31; an admission fee is charged. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1962 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.
 96 Tears is the debut album by the garage rock band Question Mark & the Mysterians released in 1966. A re-recorded version was eventually released on the label Collectables in 1997.96 Tears peaked at #66 on Billboard's Pop Albums chart.[citation needed] The rumor that it charted at #96 is an urban legend.First pressings have a misprinted Side 2 label listing the last track as Tears instead of 96 Tears.
 Wintersmith is a comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett set on the Discworld written with younger readers in mind. It is labelled a Story of Discworld to indicate its status as children's or young adult fiction unlike most of the books in the Discworld series. Published on 21 September 2006 it is the third novel in the series to feature the character of Tiffany Aching.
 Egotrip is the self-titled debut (and only) album by Brazilian pop/rock band Egotrip.
 Eungella Dam is one of Queensland's more established freshwater fisheries. Eungella has made a name for producing extra oversized Sooty grunter and more recently Barramundi.Eungella Dam was constructed in 1969 to meet the requirements of a thermal power station at Collinsville and the town water requirement of Collinsville and Scottsville.
 The Mânăileasa River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Xireg is a village in Ulan District in Qinghai province China. The village is located in a fertile valley. Wulan Railway Station and the G315 highway connects the village to other parts of China.
 Pasiphila charybdis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand.
 The Sun Has Ears (Chinese: 太陽有耳; pinyin: Taiyang you er) is a 1996 Hong Kong drama film directed by Yim Ho. It was entered into the 46th Berlin International Film Festival where Yim Ho won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
 Partulina perdix is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Lillooet Lake is a lake in British Columbia Canada about 25 km in length and about 33.5 square kilometres (22 mi²) in area. It is about 95 km downstream from the source of the Lillooet River which resumes its course after leaving Little Lillooet Lake aka Tenas Lake (tenass in the Chinook Jargon means little).
 A Drug Problem That Never Existed is an album released by Mondo Generator on the Rekords Rekords label in 2003. It takes its name from a line in The Frogs' I've Got Drugs (Out of the Mist) from their album It's Only Right and Natural. Much of the material was inspired by mixed emotions brought about by the divorce of singer Nick Oliveri and also his substance abuses and the death of his father.The tracks Jr.
 Nandini Satpathy (9 June 1931 – 4 August 2006) was an Indian politician and author. She was the Chief Minister of Odisha from June 1972 to December 1976.
 Jeremy R. Miller (born February 9 1983) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota he represents District 28 which comprises parts of Fillmore Houston and Winona counties in the southeastern part of the state.
 Imagocnus is an extinct genus of ground sloth from the early Miocene of Cuba.This sloth resided in the Antilles and showed a range of body size. Its relationships to other Antillean sloths are not immediately clear though the genera Megalocnus and Parocnusother ground sloths are its most likely relatives.
 Peterborough Town House is a historic town house at 1 Grove Street in Peterborough New Hampshire.It was built in 1918 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 James Murray was a Republican politician from the state of Ohio. He was Ohio Attorney General in 1861 and 1862.James Murray was born in Scotland about 1830. In 1831 when about a year old his family moved to Sidney Ohio. He was educated in the public schools and admitted to the bar in 1851. He immediately relocated to Perrysburg Ohio. He was elected Ohio Attorney General in 1860 and served one term.
 Jaswant Singh (born January 3 1938) is an Indian politician. He earlier belonged to the Bharatiya Janata Party and has held many portfolios in the national cabinet including Finance External Affairs and Defence during the NDA regime (1998 to 2004). He was also the Leader of Opposition from 2004 to 2009 in the Rajya Sabha and the Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission of India(1998–99).
 Spooky Hooky is a 1936 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 149th Our Gang (61st talking episode) short that was released.
 Gorno Nerezi (Macedonian: Горно Нерези) is a small village in the Republic of Macedonia located in the Karpoš municipality near Skopje and at an altitude of 771 meters (2532 feet). It is situated on the wooded slopes of Mt. Vodno covers a 7 km radius and has a population of 314 inhabitants mostly Albanians.Located in Gorno Nerezi is the Church of St. Panteleimon dedicated to the protector of health.
 Bruce J. McDonald (August 26 1866 - June 1 1923) was a Michigan politician. He was a Masons and the Knights Templar member.
 The Military Museum of the Legion was established in 1940 to celebrate the Spanish Legion. The Legion and its museum moved to Ceuta in 1956 when Morocco gained independence from Spain. At first the museum was in a small room of the barracks of the 2nd Regiment (Tercio) of the Legion in Dar-Riffien (Tetouan). Upon the Moroccan independence the museum was moved to the Barracks of El Serrallo but a purpose built building was constructed in 1978 on the Paseo de Colón.
 Daniel Fernando Abugattás Majluf (born 14 April 1955 in Arequipa) is a Peruvian businessman and politician (PNP). He has been a Congressman representing the constituency of Lima since 2006 and is the incumbent President of the Congress.After graduating from the college Daniel Abugattás studied law at the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru in Lima. Subsequently he studied for a Master in economic law at the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana in Xochimilco Mexico from 1980 to 1981.
 Into the Light  is the debut album by Linda Andrews winner of the second season of the Danish version of the X-Factor. It was released on June 16 2009.
 Not to be confused with The Mall Lahore.
 Phìn Hồ is a commune (xã) and village of the Mường Chà District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam. The commune covers an area of 114.3 square kilometres and has a reported population of 2544 inhabitants in 2005.
 Coffee: A Dark History is a 2005 book that examines the history of coffee. It was written by Antony Wild and was published by Norton. Wild had previously worked as a buyer for a specialty-coffee company for over ten years. He argues that coffee has had major effects on the economy of the British Empire. He also maintains that First World consumption of coffee and the accompanying free trade policies have had a negative impact on Third World coffee farmers.
 Down in the Shacks Where the Satellite Dishes Grow is the second album by the Judybats released in 1992.
 Making Trouble is an influential[citation needed] first album by the Houston hip hop group the Geto Boys then known as the Ghetto Boys. The group originally consisted of Bushwick Bill DJ Ready Red Sire Jukebox and Prince Johnny C. Following the release of Making Trouble Rap-A-Lot Records dropped Sire Jukebox and Johnny C from the group and added Scarface and Willie D.
 Nearly a King is a 1916 silent film romantic comedy produced by Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures. John Barrymore stars in a story written for the screen. Barrymore's first wife Katherine Corri Harris makes her screen debut with him in this picture. Frederick Thomson directed and this is now a lost film.One of the earliest screen appearances of a young Adolphe Menjou just 25 years old.
 Imagine the Sound is a 1981 Canadian documentary film about free jazz directed by Ron Mann. It features interviews with and musical and dramatic performances by pianist Cecil Taylor saxophonist Archie Shepp trumpeter Bill Dixon and pianist Paul Bley. The film has been digitally restored and was screened at the 2007 SXSW festival in Austin Texas.
 Dubičiai is a village in Kaniavos eldership (lt) Varėna district municipality Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 388 people. As of the 2011 Census the population was 291.
 The Santa Teresa Hills are a mountain range in Santa Clara County California located partly in the city of San Jose. They are one the landforms around the Almaden Valley.
 Rakowice [rakɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Kondratowice 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Strzelin and 42 kilometres (26 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Schellsburg Historic District is a national historic district located at Schellsburg Bedford County Pennsylvania. The district includes 92 contributing buildings in the crossroads community of Schellsburg. The buildings date between about 1810 and 1949 and include notable examples of Prairie School and Federal style architecture.
 Anesa Kajtazovic (born August 30 1986) is the Iowa State Representative from the 61st District. She has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since January 10 2011.
 Parides iphidamas is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae. It is commonly known as the Iphidamas Cattleheart and the Transandean Cattleheart.
 Joseph S. Saladino (born 1961/1962) is a member of the New York State Assembly and a former broadcast journalist. He represents the 12th Assembly district which includes Massapequa Massapequa Park Farmingdale and part of Levittown.He was first elected in a special election on March 9 2004. To date he has been the prime sponsor of one piece of legislation that became law a bill making the striped bass the official saltwater fish of New York.
 El vuelo is a Venezuelan music album of 2003 made by Reynaldo Armas with the seal Latin World in this album presents the Venezuelan joropo.
 Gretchen M. Hoffman (born April 1957) is a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota Senate who represents District 10 which includes all or portions of Becker Otter Tail and Wadena counties in the northwestern part of the state. A Republican she is a registered nurse and a former small business owner.
 Da' Take Over is Angel & Khriz's third studio album. The album was released under VI Records label. It was released on March 23 2010.
 Valvata is a genus of very small freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Valvatidae the valve snails.
 Nick and the Glimmung is a children's science fiction novel originally written by Philip K. Dick in 1966 it was first published by Gollancz in 1988. It is set on Plowman's Planet (Sirius Five) in the same continuity as his adult SF novel Galactic Pot-Healer.
 Alcide (1955-1973) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. It is widely believed that Alcide would have won Epsom's 1958 Derby had not foul play prevented him from running. A form line through Nagami who was third in the Derby and when racing against Alcide gives credence to that theory.
 Edita Tahiri (born 29 July 1956) is the Deputy Prime Minister of the Republic of Kosovo responsible for foreign policy and national security. Before taking on this role Tahiri was the Minister of Public Administration.
 Now Deh-e Meyrmaharab (Persian: نوده ميرمحراب‎ also Romanized as Now Deh-e Meyrmaḥarāb; also known as Now Deh) is a village in Zibad Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 54 families.
 James 'Jim' W. Bolin (born December 31 1950 in Portland Oregon) is an American politician and a Republican member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 16 since January 2009. Bolin was the mayor of Canton South Dakota from 2007 until 2008.
 Fibuloides levatana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from China (Zhejiang Fujian) and Vietnam.
 Obliteration Pie is an album by Robyn Hitchcock released in Japan in 2005.Not released in the UK or America the set nonetheless contains six otherwise unavailable titles and re-makes of several tracks from Hitchcock's catalogue such as Madonna Of The Wasps and My Wife And My Dead Wife the latter song introduced with one of his live spoken monologues.The album includes a cover of the Lipps Inc.
 Viaje de una noche de verano is a 1965 Argentine film.
 Canfield-Morgan House is located in Cedar Grove Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1845 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 7 1995.
 The Rustic Quaker (Orthodes majuscula) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widespread throughout the New World including eastern North America (from Nova Scotia to Florida west to Arizona north to Alberta) Cuba Mexico Costa Rica and Brazil.The wingspan is 28–35 mm. The forewings are gray to brown with a black triangle in the middle of the collar. The lines on the forewing are sharp and yellowish. The hindwings are dark grayish brown.
 Steel CUM is an album by the Merzbow side project SCUM. It was later edited and released as a 7 without permission by Vertical Records But a result of EP was fine. So I'm agreed. But EP is still bootleg. [sic] A small number of these were then released by ZSF Produkt with new artwork.The original full-length recording was included in the Merzbox.
 Diary of a Mad Band is the second studio album from American R&B group Jodeci released in 1993 on Uptown Records and distributed through MCA Records. The album also featured the first ever album appearances from Timbaland Redman and Missy Elliott (credited as Misdemeanor) and Sista two years before they became known in the music industry. It was Jodeci's second album to reach number-one on the R&B album chart where it stayed for two weeks.
 Lorna Marsden CM OOnt (born March 6 1942) is a Canadian sociologist academic and former politician. She is the former President and Vice-Chancellor of both Wilfrid Laurier University and York University and a former senator. She sits on the Board of SNC-Lavalin.
 The Godfather Returns is a novel written by author Mark Winegardner published in 2004. It is the sequel to Mario Puzo's The Godfather which was originally published in 1969 and The Sicilian (1984). The publisher Random House selected Winegardner to write a sequel after Puzo's death.
 The Aurunci Mountains (Italian Monti Aurunci) is mountain range of southern Lazio in central Italy. They are part of the Antiappennini a group running from the Apennines chain to the Tyrrhenian Sea where they form the promontory of Gaeta. They are bounded northwestward by the Ausoni Mountains northward by the Liri river eastward by the Ausente southeastward by the Garigliano and southward by the Tyrrhenian sea.
 Seyl Reza (Persian: سيل رضا‎ also Romanized as Seyl Reẕā) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 18 families.
 Little Pal is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by James Kirkwood and starring Mary Pickford. The film was produced by Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 Forever with You is the tenth studio album by American Soul singer-songwriter Phyllis Hyman. It was released by Volcano Records in 1998. the album was released three years after Phyllis' death and contains twelve previously unreleased tunes that were recorded between 1985 and 1995 during her time on the Philadelphia International label. The album charted on the Billboard R&B Album Chart at #66 in 1998.
 Discography was released on 27 March 2003 and is a compilation album from Swedish pop and country singer Jill Johnson. It peaked at #4 at the Swedish album chart.
 Live at the BBC is a 1994 compilation album featuring performances by the Beatles that were originally broadcast on various BBC Light Programme radio shows from 1963 through 1965. The mono album available in multiple formats but most commonly as a two-CD set consists of 56 songs and 13 tracks of dialogue; 30 of the songs had never been issued previously by The Beatles.
 Qeshlaq-e Gilvan (Persian: قشلاق گيلوان‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Gīlvān) is a village in Shal Rural District Shahrud District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 59 families.
 This article is about a mountain located in Troy and Fitzwilliam New Hampshire. For other mountains with similar names see Monadnock (disambiguation)Should not be confused with the nearby Mount Monadnock the most prominent mountain in southern New Hampshire.Little Monadnock Mountain 1900 feet (579 m) is located in the towns of Fitzwilliam and Troy New Hampshire. Most of the mountain is located within Rhododendron State Park; there are scenic vistas from ledges just below the summit.
 Karvian (Persian: كرويان‎ also Romanized as Karvīān) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 35 families.
 Poliopastea mirabilis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1917. It is found in Colombia.
 Quick the Word Sharp the Action is the fourth studio album by British-based rock band Hundred Reasons released on 15 October 2007 on V2. The album was recorded in Riga Latvia and is the first to feature guitarist Ben Doyle following the departure of founding member Paul Townsend in 2006.
 Bluebird is a 2004 Dutch television film directed by Mijke de Jong. It was selected by the Netherlands as its official Foreign Language Film submission for the 78th Academy Awards but was rejected by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences because it had aired on television.
 Fernand Jourdenais (born 25 March 1933) was a Progressive Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a businessman and trader by career.He represented the Quebec riding of La Prairie where he was first elected in the 1984 federal election and re-elected in 1988 therefore becoming a member in the 33rd and 34th Canadian Parliaments.Jourdenais left federal politics after his defeat in the 1993 federal election by Richard Bélisle of the Bloc Québécois party.
 For other meanings see Surrogate (disambiguation)The Surrogate is a 1995 television movie drama directed by Jan Egleson and Raymond Hartung and aired on ABC. The movie had a limited VHS release in the United Kingdom in April 1996. It has also been released on video in Asia.The film centers around the young and talented student Amy (Alyssa Milano) who replies on an innocent advertisement for a rental place. Here she meets Stuart and Joan Quinn.
 Gadsby's Tavern is a building in Old Town Alexandria Virginia and is a U.S. National Historic Landmark. Currently the facility is home to Gadsby's Tavern Restaurant American Legion Post 24 and Gadsby's Tavern Museum a cultural history museum. The original tavern was a central part of the social economic political and educational life of the city of Alexandria and the United States.
 Chamalychaeus takahashii is a species of tropical land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Cyclophoridae. This species is endemic to Japan.
 Unfortunately is the fourth studio album by Shalabi Effect. It was recorded on three consecutive nights at the Montreal Arts Interculturels Institute live.
 Vanaja Girija is a 1994 Tamil comedy film directed by Keyaar. The film features Napoleon Ramki Kushboo and Mohini in lead roles. The film produced by Meena Panju Arunachalam had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 16 December 1994.
 The Estonian Sports Museum founded in 1963 and modernised in 2001 is the largest sports museum in the Baltic states. The museum is located on Rüütli street in Tartu Estonia and the museum has a small outpost in Otepää that concentrates on the Winter sports. The museum director is Daimar Lell.
 Valevatn is a lake in the municipality of Sirdal in Vest-Agder county Norway.
 The Game of Triangles is a studio album by Bobby Bare Norma Jean and Liz Anderson. It was Bobby Bare's tenth studio album Norma Jean's fourth and Liz Anderson's second.
 William Colton (born 1946) is an American politician who represents District 47 in the New York Assembly which comprises Bath Beach Bensonhurst Gravesend Dyker Heights and Midwood. First elected to the Assembly in 1996 Colton currently serves as Vice-Chair of the Majority Conference and has previously served as Chair of the Legislative Commission on Solid Waste Management.
 Billboard Top Hits: 1978 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1991 featuring 10 hit recordings from 1978.The track lineup includes just four songs that reached the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart the fewest of any of Rhino's Billboard compilations issued to date. The remaining six songs each reached the top 10 on the Hot 100.
 Waarom heeft niemand mij verteld dat het zo erg zou worden in Afghanistan (English: Why Didn't Anybody Tell Me It Would Become This Bad in Afghanistan) is the first full length feature film shot with a mobile phone.
 Balmaa is a 1993 Bollywood film directed by Lawrence D'Souza. The film was Avinash Wadhavan Ayesha Jhulka Saeed Jaffrey and Anjana Mumtaz.
 The Aurora Hotel is a historic hotel building at 652-660 Main Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The six story Classical Revival building was built in 1898 for Charles Stevens son of a Worcester businessman who was a lawyer and major landowner in the city. It features decorative carved stone panels bay windows with pressed metal ornamentation and a pressed metal cornice.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has since been converted to apartments.
 Almost and Always is the fifth full-length album by singer/songwriter David Mead.Many of the tracks saw their live debut at The Basement in Nashville TN on July 30 2008.
 Samuel Anthony Sam Nixon Jr. (born November 9 1958) is an American politician. He served in the Virginia House of Delegates from March 1994 to April 2010 representing the 27th district in Chesterfield County the southern suburbs of Richmond. Since April 2010 he has been the Chief Information Officer of the state and head of the Virginia Information Technologies Agency (VITA).
 Richard John Kerry (July 28 1915 — July 29 2000) was an American Foreign Service officer and lawyer. He was the father of politicians John Kerry and Cameron Kerry.
 Jenseits von Gut und Böse (German: Beyond good and evil) is the tenth studio album by German rapper Bushido. It was released as Standard Limited and 3D Deluxe Edition on May 13. 2011 under his record label ersguterjunge. The album reached Nr. 1 spot in the album charts of Germany Austria and Switzerland. It sold 26117 copies in Germany during the first week after the release.
 Terra Incognita: Ambient Works 1975 to Present is a compilation of Boyd Rice music previously released under his own name as well as his alias NON.
 Arena is an American science fiction film directed by Peter Manoogian and starring Paul Satterfield and Claudia Christian. Set in 4038 Satterfield plays Steve Armstrong the first human in 50 years to compete in the intergalactic boxing sport called simply The Arena. 'The film was produced by Charles Band and features original music by Richard Band.
 Night Moves is a 2014 American drama film directed by Kelly Reichardt and written by Kelly Reichardt and Jonathan Raymond loosely based on Edward Abbey's novel The Monkey Wrench Gang. It was shown in the main competition section of the 70th Venice International Film Festival and at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. Film stars Dakota Fanning Jesse Eisenberg Peter Sarsgaard Alia Shawkat and James LeGros.
 Dr. Jenő Hammersberg (14 March 1845 – 20 February 1918) was a Hungarian politician and lawyer who served as Crown Prosecutor of Hungary from 1896 to 1902. Formerly he was a Member of Parliament between 1872 and 1878. He retired in 1902.
 Adil Zulfikarpašić (23 December 1921 – 21 July 2008) was a prominent Bosniak politician and intellectual.
 Sailboat is the fifth studio album (sixth total album) released by singer/songwriter Jonathan Edwards.
 Kōkō Tekken-den Tough (高校鉄拳伝タフ literally High School Iron Fist Legend Tough) is a martial arts manga series written and illustrated by Tetsuya Saruwatari. A sequel series titled simply as Tough (TOUGH—タフ— Tafu) was introduced in 2004 which continues the story further after the first series ended its run. A spin-off series Oton (おとん) has been serialized in Business Jump since 2004.
 People and Things is the third and final studio album by American rock band Jack's Mannequin. It was released through Sire Records on October 4 2011 in the United States where it debuted at number one on Billboard Magazine's alternative rock albums chart and at number nine on Billboard's top 200 albums chart.
 The Edge is Malaysia's leading financial and investment news publication by The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.Launched in 1994 The Edge provides readers with authoritative analytical content on the corporate investment real estate technology management media and lifestyle sectors. It has become the weekly staple of corporate executives keeping abreast of business and investment developments in the country.
 George Patrick Monaghan (June 10 1901 – September 6 1986) was an American lawyer.
 Scolytus multistriatus the European elm bark beetle or smaller European elm bark beetle is a bark beetle species in the genus Scolytus. In Europe while S. multistriatus acts as vector of the Dutch elm disease caused by the Ascomycota Ophiostoma ulmi it is much less effective than the large elm bark beetle S. scolytus.S. multistriatus uses vanillin and syringaldehyde as signals to find a host tree during oviposition.
 Rumpole on Trial is a 19 collection of short stories by John Mortimer about defence barrister Horace Rumpole. They were adapted from his scripts for the TV series of the same name.The stories were:Rumpole and the Children of the Devil Rumpole and the Eternal TriangleRumpole and the Family PrideRumpole and the Miscarriage of JusticeRumpole and the Reform of Joby JonsonRumpole and the SoothsayerRumpole on Trial↑
 Egaperumagalur (Tamil: ஏகபெருமகலூர் ) is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Verse is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Vampire Can Mating Oven is an EP released in 1987 by the alternative rock band Camper Van Beethoven. The EP includes satirical liner notes relating false stories behind the songs. A re-recorded version of Never Go Back was included the following year on the band's major label debut Our Beloved Revolutionary Sweetheart.
 The Outsider is a non-fiction book by Colin Wilson first published in 1956.Through the works and lives of various artists – including H. G. Wells (Mind at the End of its Tether) Franz Kafka Albert Camus Jean-Paul Sartre T. S. Eliot Ernest Hemingway Harley Granville-Barker (The Secret Life) Hermann Hesse T. E. Lawrence Vincent van Gogh Vaslav Nijinsky George Bernard Shaw William Blake Friedrich Nietzsche Fyodor Dostoevsky and G. I.
 Kenneth Ken Kelash (born May 8 1952) is a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota Senate representing District 63 which includes portions of the city of Minneapolis in Hennepin County. A Democrat he was first elected to the Senate in a special election held on November 4 2008. The seat became vacant when Senator Dan Larson resigned in order to accept a position with his former employer a law and lobbying firm in Minneapolis.
 Ru is a novel by Canadian novelist Kim Thúy first published in French in 2009 by Montreal publisher Libre Expression. It was translated into English in 2012 by Sheila Fischman and published by Vintage Canada.
 City Centre is the Karnataka’s third and India’s 10th largest mall located at the K S Rao road in Mangalore. It was opened to the public on April 2010. It provides shopping dining entertainment and leisure activities.
 Robert F. Bob Ziegelbauer is a former independent member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and current County Executive of Manitowoc County Wisconsin. He represented the 25th Assembly District from his election in 1992 until 2013.
 Di Captain is a studio album by a reggae icon with more than 30 years in the business Freddie McGregor released on January 29 in 2013 under VP Records. The album consists of 16 songs showcasing Freddie's talent for re-interpretation with a selection of cover songs including a remake of his own 1980 hit Africa (Here I Come). Other features include Move Up Jamaica a spirited tribute for Jamaica's 50th Anniversary of Independence.
 Faith and Health: Psychological Perspectives is a book of scientific psychology on the relationship between religious faith and health. Edited by Thomas G. Plante and Allen C.
 The Long Days of Summer is a 1980 ABC television movie sequel to the 1978 NBC television movie When Every Day Was the Fourth of July. Taking place one year later the story follows now 13-year old Danny and the Cooper family in 1938 as they begin to experience the effects of growing antisemitism in their small New England town parallelling what is happening overseas in Hitler's Germany.
 Gjesåssjøen is a lake in the municipality of Åsnes in Hedmark county Norway.
 The Tufted Coquette ( Lophornis ornatus ) is a tiny hummingbird that breeds in eastern Venezuela Trinidad Guiana and northern Brazil. It is an uncommon but widespread species which appears to be a local or seasonal migrant although its movements are not well understood.This small bird inhabits open country gardens and cultivation. It is 6.6 cm long and weighs 2.3 g. The black-tipped red bill is short and straight.The male Tufted Coquette is a striking bird.
 Aulaad a Pakistani Urdu black & white film was a classic melodious film of 1962. The film was released on 3 August or 10 August 1962 by F. & Y. Movies. The film was produced by F.M. Sardar and S.M. Yousuf and also directed by S.M. Yousuf. Casting included Habib Nayyar Sultana Waheed Murad Rukhsana Talish and Rehana. Aulaad was the first film of Waheed Murad's career as an actor. Waheed played a secondary role in the film. Habib and Nayyar Sultana played lead roles.
 Rose Kennedy: A Life To Remember is a short documentary directed by Terry Sanders and produced by Sanders with Freida Lee Mock. It was nominated for a Documentary Short Subject Academy Award in 1991.
 Father Is a Bachelor is a 1950 romantic comedy film starring William Holden and Coleen Gray.
 Hilarographa parambae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is about 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is orange cream and cream in the costal area. The hindwings are cream orange but brownish terminally and orange brown in the anal area.
 Typhleotris is a genus of troglobitic sleeper gobies endemic to caves in Madagascar.
 Meynbach is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The Kingman Army Air Forces Flexible Gunnery School Radio Tower at 7000 Flightline Dr. in Kingman Arizona is a historic structure built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1943. It is a steel radio tower that has also been known as Kingman Army Air Field Radio Tower and as Storage Depot #41 Radio Tower.
 The Great Pyramid Robbery is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts which is the first novel in The Seven Fabulous Wonders series and the prequel to The Babylon Game. This story is about a young hemutiu called Senu and his ghostly double Red. Senu is usually the class clown and uses his Ka for playing practical jokes on his family. When Senu and a group of his friends play a dare in the hemutiu tombs the dare goes horribly wrong when Senu and his Ka make contact with the Ka's of the dead.
 Folk Blues and Beyond is the second studio album by British musician Davey Graham originally released in 1965.It has been considered Graham's most groundbreaking and consistent work and a defining record of the 20th century. It has also been a primary influence on some of the most popular musicians in Britain ranging from Bert Jansch to Jimmy Page and Eric Clapton. His first album The Guitar Player was almost exclusively jazz based.
 Black Whip is the eighth album by guitarist Boogaloo Joe Jones which was recorded in 1973 and released on the Prestige label.
 Return to Metalopolis is the first studio album by former Megadeth guitarist Chris Poland released in 1990 through Enigma Records (United States) and Pony Canyon (Japan); a remastered edition containing two bonus tracks was reissued through Lion Music in 2002.
 Çırdak is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 75 people.
 Victoria Steele is a Democratic member of the Arizona House of Representatives serving since 2013. Before serving in the legislature Steele had a career as a radio and TV anchor. Steele is a member of the Seneca people.
 Jefferson Bancroft (April 30 1803 – January 3 1890) was a farmer and politician who served as the sixth Mayor of Lowell Massachusetts.Bancroft was born on April 30 1803 in Warwick Massachusetts.From 1831 to his death in 1890 Bancroft was a Deputy Sheriff of Middlesex County.Bancroft was a member of the Lowell City Council in 1839 and 1840 and a member of the Lowell Board of Aldermen from 1841 and 1842.
 Traunsee is a lake in the Salzkammergut Austria located at 47°52′N 13°48′E. Its surface is approximately 24.5 km² and its maximum depth is 191 metres. It is a popular tourist destination and its attractions include Schloss Ort a medieval castle.At the North end of the lake is Gmunden at the south end is Ebensee. The lake is surrounded by mountains including the Traunstein and a number of other towns and villages surround the lake including Altmünster and Traunkirchen.
 Coins in the Fountain is a novel by John Hermes Secondari from which was adapted the 1954 Academy Award-winning film Three Coins in the Fountain. It was remade in 1964 as the Oscar-nominated film The Pleasure Seekers and again in 1990 as Coins in the Fountain.
 The Searching Wind is a 1946 American feature film based on the play of the same name by Lillian Hellman.
 At 946 metres (3104 ft) the Platte is the highest mountain in the Steinwald a forest in the Fichtel mountain range in central Germany.The Platte is a popular walking destination not least because of the Upper Palatinate Tower which is located on its summit. It is climbable and offers good views of the surrounding region.
 Epilepia melanosparsalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Epilepia. It was described by Janse in 1922 and is known from South Africa and Zimbabwe.
 Larki Punjaban (Urdu: لڑکی پنجابن lit Punjabi Girl) is a 2003 Pakistani film directed by Syed Noor and starring Babar Ali Saima and Shamyl Khan. The film's music was scored by the well-regarded composer Zain who had given a hit soundtrack earlier for Khoey Ho Tum Kahan. The film stirred some controversy in Britain over its portrayal of the Sikh faith but the furor died down soon after Larki Punjaban was released. The film managed a decent run at most theaters in Pakistan and abroad.
 Stockholm United Methodist Church (Bethel Methodist Episcopal Church of Snufftown) is a historic church on County Route 515 in the Stockholm section of Hardyston Township in Sussex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1826 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Alain Ducasse at the Dorchester is a restaurant located in The Dorchester a hotel in Park Lane London. It is one of 27 restaurants operated by French chef Alain Ducasse: the head chef is Jocelyn Herland. Since 2010 it has been one of four UK-sited restaurants to hold three Michelin stars. It opened in 2007 to mixed opinions but the reviews have since improved.
 Abderaz (Persian: ابدراز‎ also Romanized as Ābderāz and Āb Darāz) is a village in Golbibi Rural District Marzdaran District Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 552 in 132 families.
 The New Zealand Woman's Weekly is a weekly New Zealand women's magazine published by APN News & Media. As of 2011 it has a circulation of 82040 third by paid sales after TV Guide and New Zealand Woman's Day.
 Spiralisigna pseudofluctuosa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Caledonia.
 The Vale of Lost Women is one of the original short stories about Conan the Cimmerian written by American author Robert E. Howard but not published during his lifetime. The story was first published in The Magazine of Horror for Spring 1967 and republished in the collection Conan of Cimmeria (Lancer Books 1967).
 Xu Jiao (Chinese: 徐嬌; born 5 August 1997) is a Chinese actress. She made her film debut in the 2008 sci-fi film CJ7. Despite being a girl she played a boy in CJ7.
 The Bell Jar is American writer and poet Sylvia Plath's only novel originally published under the pseudonym Victoria Lucas in 1963. The novel is semi-autobiographical with the names of places and people changed. The book is often regarded as a roman à clef since the protagonist's descent into mental illness parallels Plath's own experiences with what may have been clinical depression. Plath committed suicide a month after its first UK publication.
 Dragon Age: The Calling is a fantasy novel written by David Gaider based on the role-playing video game franchise Dragon Age and was released October 13 2009. It is a sequel to Dragon Age: The Stolen Throne and a prequel to Dragon Age: Origins published earlier the same year. The novel is set approximately fourteen years after the events of The Stolen Throne and focuses on King Maric Theirin a young Duncan and the Grey Wardens.
 Greatest Hits is a 1964 greatest hits album the first for American R&B-soul singer Marvin Gaye released on the Tamla label. Released during Gaye's first period of success it was also his first charted album as a solo artist after making his album chart debut with the Mary Wells duet album Together the same year.
 Live from Manila is a 2006 album recorded by the R&B vocalist Angela Bofill.This album was a milestone in Bofill’s 28 year career. It is her first live concert recording as well as her final release following her stroke on January 10 2006. Performing before a packed Merk’s Bistro in Manila Philippines she covered signature hits that brought her to the attention of the music world.
 Haunted is a 1995 British film by veteran director Lewis Gilbert and starring Aidan Quinn Kate Beckinsale Anthony Andrews and John Gielgud. It is based on a novel of the same name by James Herbert. The film was produced by Andrews and Gilbert.
 Hans-Jürgen Krupp (born 1933) is a German politician economist professor and former president of the University of Frankfurt. He was a representative of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) and state minister in Hamburg.Krupp was born in 1933 in Elbing East Prussia. He studied at the Technical College Darmstadt from 1952–1957 and receive his doctorate (Dr. rer. pol.) in 1961.
 Animerica Extra is a monthly shōjo manga magazine that was published in North America by Viz Media from 1998 until 2004. Established as a complement to its monthly review magazine Animerica Animerica Extra was the first manga anthology to be published by Viz.The titles published in Animerica Extra included:Banana FishChicagoFushigi YūgiMarionette GenerationRevolutionary Girl UtenaShort ProgramSteam DetectivesVideo Girl AiX/1999
 Page-Vawter House in the town of Ansted in Fayette County West Virginia was built in 1889-90 by company carpenters of the Gauley Mountain Coal Company for the family of William Nelson Page who was company president. The palatial white Victorian mansion is located on a knoll in the middle of town. William and Emma (née Gilham) Page raised their four children there attended by a staff of 8 servants. Architect William Minter designed the house in a Gothic style.
 Breakout Nations: In Pursuit of the next Economic Miracles is a 2012 book written by Ruchir Sharma. The book discusses his views on Emerging Markets and his travel through these countries. Sales of the book has broken records and it has become an international best seller. Breakout Nations has received extensive global media coverage including The Economist and The Wall Street Journal.
 The Springhill Institution is a Canadian federal corrections facility located in the town of Springhill Nova Scotia.
 X-Ology: The Best of X-Raided is the first compilation album released by rapper X-Raided. It was released on August 14 2001 for Black Market Records and was produced by X-Raided Brotha Lynch Hung Sicx Big Hollis and KG. X-Raided stated that the songs on this album were throw-aways from Unforgiven V1 & V2 Vengeance Is Mine and Nefarious. This is a collection of X-Raided's hottest recordings. It tells the compelling story of the young mans life.
 Jean-Pierre Balligand (born 30 May 1950) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the 3rd constituency of the Aisne department. He is a member of the Socialist Party (Parti Socialiste) and works in association with the SRC parliamentary group.
 St George the Martyr's Church North and South Clifton is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in North Clifton Nottinghamshire.
 Fudge House is a historic home located at Covington Virginia. The earliest log section dates to about 1798 with additions and modifications made about 1826 1897 and 1910. The resultant house is a two-story weatherboarded structure of log frame and brick construction with a hipped roof and four exterior chimneys. Also on the property is a contributing smokehouse and the ruins of a slave cabin and a third house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Dictator is a 1935 British historical drama film directed by Victor Saville and starring Clive Brook Madeleine Carroll Emlyn Williams and Helen Haye. The film depicts a dramatic episode in Danish history: the tumultous relationship between King Christian VII of Denmark and his English consort Caroline Matilda in Eighteenth century Copenhagen and the Queen's tragic affair with the royal physician and liberal reformer Johann Friedrich Struensee. The film is loosely based on real events.
 The Christmas Island red crab Gecarcoidea natalis is a species of land crab that is endemic to Christmas Island and the Cocos (Keeling) Islands in the Indian Ocean. Although restricted to a relatively small area it has been estimated that 43.7 million adult red crabs lived on Christmas Island alone but the accidental introduction of the yellow crazy ant is believed to have killed about 10–15 million of these in recent years.
 The Oregon Film Museum is a museum highlighting and celebrating movies that were made in the U.S. state of Oregon. The museum is housed in the old Clatsop County Jail in Astoria Oregon which is on the National Register of Historic Places. The building was used in a famous scene in the 1985 film The Goonies.
 The Turnen is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Zwischenflüh in the Bernese Oberland. It lies in the range between the Simmental and the Diemtigtal.
 Platyarthridae is a family of woodlice containing the following genera:Cephaloniscus Ferrara & Taiti 1989Echinochaetus Ferrara & Schmalfuss 1983Gerufa Budde-Lund 1909Lanceochaetus Schmalfuss & Ferrara 1978Manibia Barnard 1932Niambia Budde-Lund 1904Papuasoniscus Vandel 1973Platyarthrus Brandt 1833Trichorhina Budde-Lund 1908They are mostly less than 6 millimetres (0.24 in) long and cannot roll into a ball (conglobate).
 Chronicle Extra (formerly known as The Herald and Post) is a free newspaper delivered weekly to residents in the Tyne and Wear and Northumberland area. The paper includes general news and information about that area within the last week. As well as News it also has information on sports and sells advertising Space to anyone needing it.
 Boruj Rah (Persian: بروج راه‎ also Romanized as Borūj Rāh; also known as Bojrā and Borj Rāh) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Mrgan (Serbian: Мрган) is a village in the municipality of Banovići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gastoli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Australaria australasia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Madumo a Man Bewitched is a 2000 non-fiction anthropology book written by Australian social scientist and professor Adam Ashforth.
 Luginsland (Müllheim) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Stugariu River is a tributary of the Şoimuş River in Romania.
 Ch'amak Qullu (Aymara ch'amak dark qullu mountain dark mountain hispanicized spelling Chamac Collo) is a mountain in the Bolivian Andes about 5350 metres (17552 ft) high. It lies in the Kimsa Cruz mountain range south east of the mountain Yaypuri. It is situated in the La Paz Department Inquisivi Province Quime Municipality.
 The Canton Main Street Historic District in Canton North Carolina is a 14-acre (5.7 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. It includes architecture by Benton & Benton. The listing included 34 contributing buildings and one other contributing structure. It includes Early Commercial architecture and Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture.
 Young Gifted & Badd: The Remixes is a remix album by R&B group Color Me Badd. It also featured another hit single Forever Love (U.S.#15) featured on the Mo' Money soundtrack. The remixed singles gave Color Me Badd some territory on the Billboard Charts.
 Daguinaspis is an early Cambrian trilobite genus found in Morocco. Like the closely related Choubertella and Wolynaspis but unlike any other Fallotaspidoidea it lacks genal spines.
 Elachista alacera is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Valet Girls is a 1987 American comedy film about three women in L.A. who are working as valet girls while trying to get started in the entertainment industry. The film was directed by Rafal Zielinski written by Clark Carlton produced by Lexyn Productions; and was distributed by Empire International Pictures and Vestron Video.
 Sardinella razorbelly minnow (Salmophasia sardinella) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Salmophasia. It occurs in the lower reaches of rivers in India Bangladesh and Myanmar.
 The Woodstock Opera House is a historical venue for performing arts and receptions located in Woodstock Illinois. It was designed as a multi-use facility including City Hall and the police and fire departments by architect Smith Hoag and built by contractor Simon Brink in 1889 for a cost of $25000. Artists who have performed there include Orson Welles and Paul Newman
 Shellmont Inn is a historic bed and breakfast inn located in downtown Atlanta Georgia United States approximately one mile northeast of downtown Atlanta in the Midtown neighborhood.
 Fatima Ismail Chohan is a South African politician currently serving as the Deputy Minister of Home Affairs.
 Molk Bogur (Persian: ملك بگور‎ also Romanized as Molk Bogūr) is a village in Sheykh Neshin Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 19 families.
 Văn Tiến Dũng (2 May 1917 – 17 March 2002) born Co Nhue commune Từ Liêm District Hanoi was a Vietnamese general in the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) PAVN chief of staff (1954–74); PAVN commander in chief (1974–80); and Socialist Republic of Vietnam defense minister (1980–86). He was the only member of North Vietnam's political elite who was of peasant origin.
 Canuto E. Celestino (died 1903) was an Filipino politician who served as the President of the Municipality of Navotas from 1901 until his death on 1903.
 Ignatówka [iɡnaˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleniewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Jeleniewo 21 km (13 mi) north of Suwałki and 129 km (80 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Norrån is a river in Södermanland Sweden.
 The Radiators is the self-titled tenth album by the American band The Radiators and their sixth studio album released on the Louisiana-based Rattlesby Records label.
 Frank J. O’Connell Jr. (December 26 1923 – January 31 2004) is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate serving from 1979 to 1985. He also served in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Philippe-Honoré Roy (July 30 1847 – December 17 1910) was a lawyer and political figure in Quebec. He represented Saint-Jean in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1900 to 1908 as a Liberal.He was born in Henryville Canada East the son of Édouard Roy and Esther Lamoureux and was educated at the Collège Sainte-Marie-de-Monnoir Victoria University and the Montreal Military College.
 The Quarterly Review of Literature (QRL) was an influential American literary magazine founded in 1943 by the poet Theodore (Ted) Weiss (1916–2003) and then Spanish teacher Warren Pendleton Carrier (1918–2009). In 1944 Weiss's wife — Renée Karol Weiss (born 1923) a violinist and later an author of children's books — replaced Carrier when he entered the military. The Review showcased emerging and major writers including William Carlos Williams Wallace Stevens E. E.
 Cedar Hill also known as Long Farm is a historic home located at Westover Somerset County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story T-shaped frame dwelling on a brick foundation. The main section was erected in 1793 and followed a modified hall / parlor plan.
 Ultra Reinforcement is a 2012 Chinese historical romantic comedy film directed and written by Lam Chi-chung starring Wallace Huo Jing Tian Dylan Kuo and Cheung Tat-ming. The film was released in China on 24 January 2012.
 Ring Mountain is an elevated landform on the Tiburon Peninsula in Marin County California. This mountain was named for George E. Ring who served as a Marin County Supervisor from 1895 to 1903.A number of rare and endangered flora inhabit Ring Mountain.
 The Galerie Vivienne is a passage in the second arrondissement of Paris France.It is 176 metres (577 ft) long and 3 metres (9.8 ft) wide.The gallery has been registered as a historical monument since 7 July 1974.
 Icons of Evolution is a book by Jonathan Wells an intelligent design advocate and fellow of the Discovery Institute which also includes a 2002 video companion. In the book Wells criticized the paradigm of evolution by attacking how it is taught. In 2000 Wells summarized the book's contents in an article in the American Spectator.
 Dance is the third compilation album by Greek singer Despina Vandi featuring a collection of dance music including both laïka and pop during her time at the Minos EMI label. The album was included as the second disc of the box set Despina Vandi in 2005.
 Rajski Do (Cyrillic: Рајски До) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 308 S. Crawford in Fort Scott Kansas.It was built in 1925 and added to the National Register in 2008.
 The Journal of Electroceramics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1997. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of The Minerals Metals & Materials Society. The editor-in-chief is Harry L. Tuller.This journal covers research on electrical optical and magnetic ceramics including silicon-electroceramic integration nanotechnology ceramic-polymer composites grain boundary and defect engineering.
 Ogygiocarella is an extinct subfamily of Ordovician trilobites in the order Asaphida.
 And Now That I'm in Your Shadow is the sixth studio album by American rock musician Damien Jurado. It was released on 10 October 2006 by Secretly Canadian.
 Journey Through the Past is a 1972 film by Neil Young. Originally shot in 16mm format and then transferred for theatrical release the experimental film is a self-directed combination of concert footage from 1966 onward backstage footage and semi-fantastic art film-like sequences. Young's directorial debut it was received poorly by critics. The film was released on DVD in 2009 with the Neil Young Archives.
 Westbrook Church is a non-denominational Evangelical Christian church located in Hartland Wisconsin a suburb of Milwaukee. The church is autonomous and independent of any denominational control. Westbrook is a member of the Willow Creek Association.
 The markhor (Capra falconeri; Pashto: مرغومی‎ marǧūmay; Persian/Urdu: مارخور) is a large species of wild goat that is found in northeastern Afghanistan northern Pakistan (Gilgit-Baltistan and northern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa) some parts of Azad Kashmir and Indian Kashmir southern Tajikistan and southern Uzbekistan. The species is classed by the IUCN as Endangered as there are fewer than 2500 mature individuals and the numbers have continued to decline by an estimated 20% over two generations.
 Edward (Ted) Joseph Egan AO (born 6 July 1932) is an Australian folk musician and was a public servant who served as Administrator of the Northern Territory from 2003 to 2007.
 Clarence House Richmond is a Grade II listed house in The Vineyard Richmond London dating from about 1696.It was built for Nathaniel Rawlins a London haberdasher merchant who lived there until his death in 1718. The Duke of Clarence later to become King William IV lived in Richmond in the late 1780s and gave his name to the property. From 1792 to 1799 Clarence House was a Catholic school run by Timothy Eeles. Among the students was Bernardo O’Higgins.
 Broadway Gondolier (1935) is a musical film directed by Lloyd Bacon. The film was released by Warner Bros. and featured Dick Powell Joan Blondell and Adolphe Menjou.
 Lake Barracoota is a naturally forming permanent freshwater lake located in the East Gippsland region in the Australian state of Victoria. The lake is located entirely within the Croajingolong National Park and when full the surface area of the lake is 240 hectares (590 acres).The eastern shoreline of the lake lie against a granite spur of the Howe Range but all other shorelines are backed by dune sand or swamp deposits.
 The Hermitage is a cottage orné in Hanwell London built by rector Dr. George Henry Glasse in 1809 on the site of a previous house called the Elms. Nikolaus Pevsner described the house as a peach of an early c19 Gothic thatched cottage with two pointed windows a quatrefoil and an ogee arched door all on a minute scale.
 Street Sounds Electro 7 is the seventh compilation album in a series and was released 1985 on the StreetSounds label. The album was released on LP and cassette and contains seven electro music and old school hip hop tracks mixed by Herbie Laidley.
 What's Bugging Seth is a 2005 film by Eli Steele about a young deaf man striving for success in his own business. It found success on the film festival circuit and was released on DVD in the beginning of 2008.
 Macbeth is a silent 1909 film adaptation of the William Shakespeare play. It was released on December 3 1909. It is a silent black-and-white film with French intertitles.
 Volcano Vent is a small shield volcano in northern British Columbia Canada. It is Holocene in age and stands in relief above the surrounding area north of the Nazcha Creek and comprises the West Tuya lava field with West Vent and Grizzly Butte. It is one of the three small shield volcanoes in the Tuya Volcanic Field which in turn form part of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province. Most of the rock studied and sampled at Volcano Vent is massive coherent basalt.
 The Valea Mare River (also known as Kosder River Kosbach River Kozd River Cosd River or Văleni River) is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
 Molangoor is located 30 km from Karimnagar. was ruled by the Recherla Vala family of the Velama caste. The Velama's are of the warrior caste of Andhra Pradesh from ancient times. Traditionally they have put great value on etiquette and the military virtues and take great pride in their ancestry.
 For the Pearl Jam song see Around the Bend (song). For the Randy Travis album see Around the Bend (album).Around the Bend is a 2004 road movie written and directed by Jordan Roberts (VI). The film is inspired by the relationship between Roberts and the absentee criminally insane substance-abusing father he barely knew Robert Stone Jordan (born: Robert Samuel Jordan) a self-styled indie film director/producer in his later years.
 Duncan Finlayson (September 12 1867 – September 25 1925) was a Canadian lawyer judge and politician.Born in Grand River Nova Scotia the son of Donald and Annabella (Murchison) Finlayson Finlayson was educated at the Sydney Academy and Dalhousie University where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1893 and a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1895. He was solicitor of the municipality of Richmond Nova Scotia from 1896 to 1904. He sat in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1897 to 1904.
 The The Arab Lobby: The Invisible Alliance That Undermines America's Interests in the Middle East is a book written by Mitchell Bard the head of the American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise and the director of the Jewish Virtual Library published in August 2010. It was written in response to John Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt's bestselling albeit controversial The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy which focused on the role of the Israel lobby in shaping U.S.
 The Counterfeiters (French: Les faux-monnayeurs) is a 1925 novel by French author André Gide first published in Nouvelle Revue Française. With many characters and crisscrossing plotlines its main theme is that of the original and the copy and what differentiates them – both in the external plot of the counterfeit gold coins and in the portrayal of the characters' feelings and their relationships.
 Khukanlu (Persian: خوكانلو‎ also Romanized as Khūḵānlū) is a village in Hesar Rural District Khabushan District Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Warlity Małe [varˈlitɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Lake Huron (French: Lac Huron) is one of the five Great Lakes of North America. Hydrologically it comprises the easterly portion of Lake Michigan–Huron having the same surface elevation as its westerly counterpart to which it is connected by the wide Straits of Mackinac. It is bounded on the east by the Canadian province of Ontario and on the west by the state of Michigan in the United States.
 24 Hour Revenge Therapy is the third album by the American punk band Jawbreaker released on Tupelo Recording Company and Communion Records in 1994.
 Gierałtowice [ɡʲɛrau̯tɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reńska Wieś within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Reńska Wieś 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 45 km (28 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 337.
 The Mission golden-eyed tree frog or Amazon milk frog (Trachycephalus resinifictrix) is a large species of arboreal frog native to the Amazon Rainforest in South America. It is sometimes referred to as the blue milk frog. It was first discovered along the Maracanã River in Brazil. This species was previously within the genus Phrynohyas which was recently synonymized with Trachycephalus.
 Punk Goes 80s is part of the Punk Goes... compilation series created by Fearless Records featuring cover versions of songs from the 1980s. It was released on June 7 2005.
 Boris Bershteyn (born 1977) is an Obama administration official who until June 2013 had served as acting Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs. He previously served from 2011 to 2012 as general counsel for the federal Office of Management and Budget. Prior to his work at the Office of Management and Budget he served as an Associate White House Counsel.
 Purrmühlenbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The College View Historic District is a neighborhood near downtown Greenville North Carolina. Located north of East Carolina University the boundaries roughly include East First Street to the north; Lewis Street to the east; East Fifth Street to the south; and Reade Street to the west. In March 1992 College View was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Borrowed Heaven is the fourth studio album by Irish Celtic folk-rock band The Corrs released through Atlantic Records on 31 May 2004. The album was produced by Olle Romo.
 The House in the Square also titled I'll Never Forget You (US) and Man of Two Worlds is a 1951 fantasy film about an American atomic scientist who is transported to the 18th century where he falls in love. It starred Tyrone Power and Ann Blyth and was an early film for director Roy Ward Baker. It was adapted from the play Berkeley Square by John L.
 Promnik [ˈprɔmnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strawczyn within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Strawczyn and 15 km (9 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 1100.
 The Shadow of Lightning Ridge is a 1920 Australian silent film starring renowned Australian sportsman Snowy Baker. It is now considered a lost film.
 Thomas Lake (Annapolis) is a lake of Annapolis County Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Pythian Castle in Toledo Ohio is a Romanesque style building that was built in 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.Built in 1890 this five floor building is the only castle in Toledo. Built by a secret fraternity the origins of the building are mostly unknown. Folklore of the building cites hauntings throughout its existence. It is located in Toledo's Center City at the corner of Jefferson Avenue and N. Ontario Street.
 Inception: Music from the Motion Picture is the soundtrack to the 2010 film of the same name directed by Christopher Nolan released under Reprise Records on July 13 2010. Hans Zimmer scored the film marking his third collaboration with Nolan following Batman Begins and The Dark Knight.
 My Thanks To You is a studio album recorded by US Entertainer Connie Francis. The album features songs which had been popular on both sides of the Atlantic between the 1920s and the 1940s. It was recorded March 4–6 1959 at EMI's famous Abbey Road Studios in London.During the sessions Francis recorded two versions of the song I'll Close My Eyes written by Billy Reid and Buddy Kaye.
 Joaquín Antonio Balaguer Ricardo (September 1 1906 – July 14 2002) was the President of the Dominican Republic who served three non-consecutive terms for that office for his first term from 1960 to 1962 again for a second term from 1966 to 1978 and again for a third and final term from 1986 to 1996.
 Theodore H. Ted Lillie (born December 30 1956) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 56 which included portions of Washington County in the eastern Twin Cities metropolitan area. A Republican he and his cousin are the co-publishers of Lillie Suburban Newspapers.Lillie was first elected in 2010.
 Tun Datuk Patinggi Abang Haji Muhammad Salahuddin bin Abang Barieng is third and sixth Yang di-Pertua Negeri (Governor) of the Malaysian state of Sarawak. He is the first person to serve as Governor twice. He is also fondly known as Abang Louis by his old friends and acquaintances especially in his hometown of Sibu. His term officially ended on 28th February 2014 and succeeded by the former Chief Minister Pehin Sri Haji Abdul Taib Mahmud on March 1st.
 The Cathedral of Talin is a seventh-century Armenian cathedral in the town of Talin Armenia.
 The Muppet Movie: Original Soundtrack Recording is a soundtrack album from the 1979 film The Muppet Movie featuring the songs and select score written by Paul Williams and Kenny Ascher.Originally released on LP by Atlantic Records the album reached No. 25 on the Billboard Hot 100 No. 32 on Billboard's Top LP's and Tapes chart and was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 H'its Huge '84 was a various artists hits collection album released in Australia in 1984 on the CBS record Label (Cat No. HUGE 001). The album spent 5 weeks at the top of the Australian album charts in 1984.
 Take Me to Your Future is a 2006 dual disc of new studio audio and archive live videos by Hawkwind.The cover is based on Georgia O'Keeffe's 1927 painting Radiator Building - Night New York of the American Radiator Building.
 The Eclipse is a 2009 Irish supernatural drama film directed by Conor McPherson and stars Ciarán Hinds Iben Hjejle and Aidan Quinn.
 The R. L. Anderson House is a Bungalow/Craftman style house located in Kingman Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Marc Veasey (born January 3 1971) is an American politician from Fort Worth Texas. Veasey is currently the United States Representative for Texas's 33rd congressional district winning the office in November 2012. Previously he was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 2005 to 2013 where he served as Chair Pro Tempore of the House Democratic Caucus. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
 The Son of Captain Blood is a 1962 Italian/Spanish/US international co-production film. It is the first starring role in a film for Sean Flynn the son of Errol Flynn who played the lead in the 1935 film Captain Blood. The film was released in Great Britain in 1963 by Warner-Pathe (in some regions on a double bill with Hammer's The Scarlet Blade.) Paramount Pictures released the film in the US in 1964 on a double bill with the Jerry Lewis film The Patsy.
 Randolph Tower formerly known as the Steuben Club Building is a historic Gothic Revival skyscraper in Downtown Chicago. The building was constructed in 1929 and designed by architect Karl M. Vitzthum who designed another Chicago landmark the historic One North LaSalle Building.Randolph Tower was built for the Steuben Club of Chicago to promote German-American heritage.
 Fan Dance is the ninth (studio)album from American singer-songwriter Sam Phillips.
 Aksu (Kazakh: Ақсу) is a village in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan. It is located directly north of Zhansugirov.
 The Devils is the name of an English electronic pop band formed by Nick Rhodes and Stephen Duffy.The first incarnation of Duran Duran in 1978 included Rhodes as keyboardist John Taylor on guitar and Duffy as songwriter/vocalist and bassist (along with Simon Colley). This lineup performed live for almost a year before Duffy and Colley left the band.
 Cumadere is a village in the District of Köşk Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 211 people.
 K. Babu (Malayalam: കെ .ബാബു) (born June 2 1951 in Angamaly Cochin Indian Empire) is an Indian politician and the present Minister for Fisheries Ports and Excise Government of Kerala. He is representing the Thripunithura constituency in Kerala after winning in the 2011 State Election.Shri. Babu had been previously elected to the Kerala Legistative Assembly as MLA in 1991 1996 2001 and 2006.
 The Mirage is an alternate history novel by Matt Ruff published in 2012 by Harper.
 Kahrizeh-ye Shakak (Persian: كهريزه شكاك‎ also Romanized as Kahrīzeh-ye Shakāk; also known as Kahrīzeh) is a village in Solduz Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 36 families.
 The Agile Gracile Opossum (Gracilinanus agilis) is an opossum species from South America. It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Peru Paraguay and Uruguay.It is nocturnal arboreal and frequents the forest understory where they use slender branches and vines. Found in evergreen and gallery forests . It is a characteristic inhabitant of the gallery forest of southern South America but has broad habitat tolerance.
 Habronattus coecatus is a species of jumping spiders from a Salticidae family that can be found in Mexico the United States and Bermuda.
 Our Lady and the English Martyrs (OLEM) is a Catholic parish church located at the junction of Hills Road and Lensfield Road in south east Cambridge England. The large Gothic Revival church was built between 1885 and 1890.
 Welcome is the debut studio album by Swiss recording artist Patrick Nuo. It was released by Warner Music on September 4 2003 in German-speaking Europe and reached the top twenty of the German and Swiss Albums Charts.
 The Lonely Lady is a 1983 American film which was directed by Peter Sasdy and adapted for the screen by Ellen Shepard who worked from the novel written by Harold Robbins. (The novel itself was believed to have been based on Robbins' memories of Jacqueline Susann.) The original music score was composed by Charlie Calello. The cast includes Pia Zadora in the title role Lloyd Bochner Bibi Besch Jared Martin and in an early film appearance Ray Liotta.
 The Seventh Sin is a 1957 film based on the 1925 novel The Painted Veil by W. Somerset Maugham.
 Lake Munmorah or Munmorah Lake a lagoon that is part of the Tuggerah Lakes is located within the Wyong Shire local government area in the Central Coast region of New South Wales Australia. The lake is located near the settlement of Lake Munmorah and is situated about 110 kilometres (68 mi) north of Sydney.
 La Bamba is a 1987 American biographical film written and directed by Luis Valdez that follows the life and career of Chicano rock 'n' roll star Ritchie Valens. The film stars Lou Diamond Phillips as Valens Esai Morales Rosanna DeSoto Elizabeth Peña Danielle von Zerneck and Joe Pantoliano. The film also covers the effect that Valens' career had on the lives of his half-brother Bob Morales his girlfriend Donna Ludwig and the rest of his family.
 Honoré Mercier III (17 November 1908 – 14 July 1988) was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec the grandson of Honoré Mercier and the son of Honoré Mercier Jr..Mercier was born in Montreal to Honoré Mercier Jr. Liberal MLA and cabinet minister and Jeanne Fréchette.He was mayor of Léry Quebec from 1948 to 1950.He was first elected to the Legislative Assembly in the 1944 Quebec general election for the Quebec Liberal Party. However he was defeated in 1948 1952 and again in 1960.
 Ura Estonia is a village in Koonga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Chandler (also known as Open Shadow) is a 1971 neo noir film directed by Paul Magwood and based on a story of his own creation. The film stars Warren Oates as a man with the single name of Chandler: as in Raymond he says at one point. It co-stars Leslie Caron married at the time to the film's producer Michael Laughlin. Cameo roles feature Gloria Grahame and Scatman Crothers.
 The Lady in White (Italian: La Dama bianca) is a 1938 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Elsa Merlini.
 John Phillip Phil Gingrey (born July 10 1942) is the U.S. Representative for Georgia's 11th congressional district serving since 2003.[citation needed] He is a member of the Republican Party (GOP). The district is located in the northwestern suburbs of Atlanta. On March 27 2013 Gingrey announced he is an official candidate in the 2014 race for U.S. Senate for his state.
 St. Peter's Hospital is a 250-bed chronic care hospital located in downtown Hamilton Ontario specializing in the care of older adults. The hospital became a part of Hamilton Health Sciences in 2008.
 Chacombe Priory (or Chalcombe Priory) was a priory of Augustinian canons at Chacombe Northamptonshire England.Hugh de Chacombe lord of the manor of Chacombe founded the priory in the reign of Henry II (1154–89). on low-lying land just west of the village close to the stream. Hugh de Chacombe gave the priory endowments including a yardland at South Newington.
 Cheshmeh Sorkh (Persian: چشمه سرخ‎) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 16 families.
 Dreamscapes Revisited is an internet-only release of Alphaville's 1999 limited 8-CD compilation Dreamscapes. This release omits 33 of the original's 124 tracks. The track Whales (demo 1) did not appear on Dreamscapes.
 Charles Edward Coon was a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Washington. He served as the fifth Lieutenant Governor of Washington.
 The Yarrangobilly River is a perennial river of the Murrumbidgee River catchment within the Murray–Darling basin located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 Marchington Lake is a lake in the Hudson Bay drainage basin located near Sioux Lookout in the Kenora District of northwestern Ontario Canada.
 Altersundet is a river in Sweden.
 Maxis Tower or Menara Maxis in the Malay language is a 49-storey 212 m (696 ft) office skyscraper in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. The tower serves as headquarters of Maxis Communications and Tanjong Plc Group of Companies. Maxis Tower was developed by KLCC Properties Holdings Berhad (KLCCP) under Phase 1 of the KLCC project. The building is owned by Impian Klasik Sdn Bhd in which Tanjong holds a 67% stake and KLCCP holds a 33% stake.
 Crónicas is a 2004 Ecuadorian thriller film written and directed by Sebastián Cordero. The film was produced by among others Guillermo del Toro director of Pan's Labyrinth and Alfonso Cuarón director of Children of Men. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Mad Moon is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum first published in the December 1935 issue of Astounding Stories. As did his earlier stories A Martian Odyssey and Parasite Planet The Mad Moon emphasizes Weinbaum's alien ecologies. The Mad Moon was the only Weinbaum story set on Io.
 The Valea Noaghiei River is a tributary of the Ştevioara River in Romania.
 The Petersköpfl is a 1745 m AA high summit in the Zahmer Kaiser the northern ridge of the Kaisergebirge mountain range in the Austrian state of Tyrol. To the east the Petersköpfl is linked by a ridge to the Einserkogel to the west it is separated from the Naunspitze by a wind gap. To the south it falls steeply into the Kaisertal valley to the north its steep rock faces tower above Ebbs.
 Chapoli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 The Monsters of Templeton is a dramatic novel written by Lauren Groff. Groff was born and raised in Cooperstown New York. The name Templeton draws from the name devised for the town by James Fenimore Cooper Cooperstown's most renowned author known for The Leatherstocking Tales. Groff draws in many of the legends of Cooperstown especially those crafted by Cooper himself and ties them together over the expanses of time then weaves them in with fictional modern-day events.
 It Ain't Easy is the fourth album by American rock band Three Dog Night released in 1970. According to lead singer Chuck Negron's book Three Dog Nightmare the album's working title was The Wizards of Orange with a cover featuring the band's members wearing orange make-up and body stockings to appear as if they were posing in the nude.
 Ashton Villa is a fully restored historic home located on the corner of 23rd and Broadway in Galveston Texas United States. Constructed in 1859 it was one of the first brick structures in Texas.
 Cameron Creek is one of the four main creeks that flow through the city of Visalia and the surrounding communities.
 Ladd's Addition is an inner southeast neighborhood of Portland Oregon United States. It is Portland's oldest planned residential development and one of the oldest in the western United States. The neighborhood is known in Portland for a diagonal street pattern which is at odds with the rectilinear grid of the surrounding area.
 Aulacephala is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Put Yourself in My Shoes is a 1990 (see 1990 in music) album by American country music singer-songwriter Clint Black. As with Black's debut album Killin' Time the album is currently certified triple platinum by the RIAA. All four singles from the album produced huge hits for Black on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts: Loving Blind and Where Are You Now both at Number One; the title track at #4; and One More Payment at #7.
 Napana Disaneggammedda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Sir! No Sir! is a 2005 documentary by Displaced Films about the anti-war movement within the ranks of the United States Armed Forces during the Vietnam War. The film was produced directed and written by David Zeiger. The film had a theatrical run in 80 cities throughout the U.S. and Canada in 2006 and was broadcast worldwide on: Sundance Channel Discovery Channel BBC ARTE France ABC Australia SBC Spain ZDF Germany YLE Finland RT and several others.
 Monte Molaro is a mountain between the towns of Campania and Olevano Romano in Picentini Regional Park and is part of the Picentini mountains.
 Krzewno [ˈkʂɛvnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 23 km (14 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Eteobalea serratella is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in most of Europe except the Benelux Great Britain Ireland Iceland Fennoscandia and the Baltic States. It was approved for release in the United States in 1995 for the biological control of toadflax. A few field releases have been made in western Canada and the western United States but no established populations have been confirmed.The wingspan is 16–18 mm. Adults are dark brown with white and copper spots.
 Duklyon: Clamp School Defenders (学園特警デュカリオン Gakuen Tokkei Dyukarion) is a manga created by Clamp a Japanese artistic group of four women.The story features two teenagers on Clamp Campus Kentarou Higashikunimaru and Takeshi Shukaido who are called upon occasion to become monster-battling superheroes while wearing armored outfits in this comic parody of typical superhero action based manga for boys.
 Resapamea diluvius is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It occurs in the Columbia Basin in Washington and northern Oregon. It is possibly also present in the dunes of northern Nevada and the northern Great Plains.The length of the forewings is 16–19 mm for males and 15–18 mm females. The forewings are a mixture of gray brown gray tan red brown gray and blackish-gray scales. The ground color is medium-dark to dark gray brown or reddish-gray brown.
 Sir John Fraser Robertson KCMG CBE (3 August 1925 – 1 September 2001) was the Chief Ombudsman of New Zealand from 1986 to 1994. In this role he was responsible for investigating complaints against central and local government agencies including Ministers of the Crown.
 The Little Willis River is a 15.5-mile-long (24.9 km) tributary of the Willis River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is part of the James River watershed. It rises in Buckingham County and flows east into Cumberland County joining the Willis River 9 miles (14 km) north of Farmville.
 The New Journal of Chemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research and review articles on all aspects of chemistry. It is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) on behalf of the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS). It was previously called Nouveau Journal de Chimie. The editors-in-chief are Denise Parent (CNRS) and Sarah Ruthven (RSC). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.966.
 Microvoluta garrardi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 Ali Hassan Abd al-Majid al-Tikriti (ʿAlī Ḥasan ʿAbd al-Majīd al-Tikrītī; Arabic: علي حسن عبد المجيد التكريتي‎; 30 November 1941 – 25 January 2010) was a Ba'athist Iraqi Defense Minister Interior Minister military commander and chief of the Iraqi Intelligence Service.
 Slow the Rain is the debut album from American pop singer Ingrid Michaelson. It was self-released on January 10 2005.
 Reingardslivatnet is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The lake lies about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) north of the village of Røssvoll. It flows out into the river Røvassåga to the east.
 Harrimaniidae is a family of acorn worms. A taxonomic revision was undertaken in 2010 and a number of new genera and species found in the Eastern Pacific were described.
 Uhuru Muigai Kenyatta (born 26 October 1961) is the fourth and the current President of Kenya he has been in office since 9 April 2013. He previously served in the Government of Kenya as Minister for Local Government from 2001 to 2002 and he was leader of the official opposition from 2002 to 2007; subsequently he was Deputy Prime Minister from 2008 to 2013. He served as the Member of Parliament for Gatundu South Constituency beginning in 2002.
 Asahel Green Farm is a historic home located at Middlesex in Yates County New York. This Greek Revival–style structure was built about 1855 and features the two-by-two-bay 1 1⁄2-story central block and single-story wing with porch and entrance.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 From the Inside is the third studio album (and fourth album overall) by the country rock band Poco. Reportedly the band were unhappy with this album following its release.
 Lough Talt (Irish: Loch Tailt) is situated in south Sligo between the villages of Tubbercurry Aclare and Bunnyconnellan in the West of Ireland. It is the largest of the lakes in the Lough Hoe Bog area. It is a glacier lake and lies at approximately 500 ft above sea level and measures 67 ft at its deepest point. Its area is nearly 194 acres.The lake is a noted site of picture perfect sunsets on calm evenings as the sun sinks over The Gap.
 An Ode To Woe is a live album by My Dying Bride. The set contains a live show recorded in Amsterdam on CD and DVD during the band's mini-tour for the album A Line of Deathless Kings. The set marks the second live CD release by the band and the third on DVD. The show was originally broadcast by website Fabchannel where it is still available for viewing.
 Tulis redirects here. For a subdistrict in Batang Regency Central Java Indonesia see Tulis (subdistrict)Talis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Hankook Ilbo is a South Korean vernacular daily newspaper published by The Hankook Ilbo Media Group in Seoul South Korea. Its sister publications include The Korea Times Seoul Economic Daily Sports Hankook Children's Hankook Ilbo Weekly Hankook and The Korea Times in North America. Hankook Ilbo also publishes Korean editions of Fortune Korea Popular Science Golf Magazine and is Bloomberg TV's content partner.
 Yolanda Barcina Angulo (April 4 1960 in Burgos) is a conservative Spanish politician who was the mayor of Pamplona Navarre from 1999 to 2011 and elected the chairwoman of the Navarrese People's Union (UPN) in 2009. Since 2011 she has been the President of the Chartered Community of Navarre.Barcina's parents settled in Navarre when she was 17 and she studied pharmacy at the University of Navarre.
 Remix & Repent is a five-track EP from the Rock band Marilyn Manson.It was released on November 25 1997 during their Antichrist Superstar period. It features remixes of songs from Antichrist Superstar live tracks recorded during the Dead to the World tour and an acoustic version of Man That You Fear.
 Fred Jarrett is the Deputy King County Executive and a former Democratic member of the Washington State Senate representing the 41st district since January 2009. He was first elected to the Washington House of Representatives in 2001 as a Republican serving four terms. He switched parties in 2007. In 2010 he was appointed as Deputy King County Executive. Bellevue lawyer Randy Gordon was appointed in his place as State Senator.
 Lucky Child: A Daughter of Cambodia Reunites with the Sister She Left Behind (2005) is a memoir written by a Cambodian woman Loung Ung. Her previous memoir was First They Killed My Father. The memoir chronicles her adjustment to life in the U.S. after escaping the Cambodian genocide. It also tells of the experiences of her surviving family members in Cambodia during the ensuing warfare between Vietnamese troops and the Khmer Rouge. Lucky Child covers the period of 1980 until 2003.
 Lake Buluan is a lake located in the island of Mindanao Philippines. With an estimated surface area of 61.34 square kilometers it is the third largest lake in Mindanao after Lake Lanao and Lake Mainit. It has an average elevation of 4.5 meters.The lake is sandwiched between the provinces of Maguindanao and Sultan Kudarat.
 Doğu Perinçek (born June 17 1942 in Gaziantep) is a Turkish politician and chairman since 1992 of the socialist Workers' Party (Turkish: İşçi Partisi) In August 2013 he was sentenced to aggravated life imprisonment as part of the Ergenekon trials.
 Mount Weiss is a mountain in Alberta Canada located in the Sunwapta River valley of Jasper National Park and is part of the Winston Churchill Range. The mountain was named in 1972 after Joe Weiss who had spent 45 years of his life exploring and guiding in Jasper.
 San Manuel Bueno mártir (1930) is a nivola by Miguel de Unamuno (1864–1936). It experiments with changes of narrator as well as minimalism of action and of description and as such has been described as a nivola a literary genre invented by Unamuno to describe his work. Its plot centers on the life of a parish priest in a small Spanish village.
 Lej da la Tscheppa is a lake above Sils-Maria in the Engadin valley of the Grisons Switzerland. Its surface area is 7.96 ha at an elevation of 2616 m. It used to be fed by water from the Crasta-Tscheppa Glacier (melted in 2003).
 St. Stanislaus Kostka Church in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania referred to in Polish as Kościół Świętego Stanisława Kostki is a historic church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh one of the city's oldest churches. Located in the Strip District in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States it is a prime example of the so-called 'Polish Cathedral' style of churches. It is known also as 21st and Smallman Street Church. It is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Caesar Carpentier Antoine (1836–1921) was a politician the third of three African-American Republicans who were elected and served as the Lieutenant Governor of the U.S. state of Louisiana during the era of Reconstruction. He left office in 1877 the last Republican to hold the lieutenant governorship until 1988. That year Paul Jude Hardy a former Louisiana Secretary of State and a former Democrat was elected. Antoine was also a soldier businessman and editor.
 Eat and Run is a 1986 American comedy film/science fiction film directed by Christopher Hart with the script by Christopher Hart and Stan Hart. The film starred Ron Silver Sharon Schlarth and R. L. Ryan.
 Belleville Lake is a 2-square-mile man-made lake located in Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It was created in 1925 by the Eastern Michigan Edison Company by damming the Huron River. The 28-foot-high dam was the last in a series of five dams along the river creating electricity from hydropower until 1962. The hydropower plant was refurbished in 1988 and has a nameplate production of 1.7 MW. It contains 17780 acre-feet of water in the seven-mile-long lake.
 The Porcul River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 Gudebsk [ˈɡudɛpsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Gerald William Balfour 2nd Earl of Balfour PC (9 April 1853 – 14 January 1945) known as Gerald Balfour or Rt Hon G. W. Balfour until 1930 was a senior British Conservative politician who became a nobleman on the death of his brother in 1930 who had been Prime Minister.
 Kelituiyeh (Persian: كليتو ئيه‎ also Romanized as Kelītū’īyeh and Kalītūyeh; also known as Chehchoo Kalato Kalātū Kelātū and Kelī Tū) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 41 families.
 How To Make Trouble And Influence People (ISBN 0958554927) was the title of a self-published book from 1996 chronicling the history of political pranks and acts of creative subversion in Australia. The book consists of a series of short paragraphs describing incidents as well as facsimiles of flyers posters and graffiti.
 The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1953 is a 1953 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. An abridged edition was published in the UK by Grayson in 1955 under the title The Best Science Fiction Stories: Fourth Series. The stories had originally appeared in 1952 in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction Thrilling Wonder Stories Galaxy Science Fiction and Astounding.
 Pachyura is a genus of beetles which belong to the family Belidae.
 Tokyo Vice: An American Reporter on the Police Beat in Japan is a 2009 memoir by Jake Adelstein of his years living in Tokyo as the first non-Japanese reporter working for one of Japan's largest newspapers Yomiuri Shimbun.
 Jankielówka [jankʲɛˈlufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Raczki 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Suwałki and 98 km (61 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Garraveh-ye Esmail (Persian: گراوه اسماعيل‎ also Romanized as Garrāveh-ye Esmāʿīl; also known as Garāveh Garāwa and Garrāveh-ye Yek) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District (Kermanshah Province) in the Central District of Qasr-e Shirin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 41 families.
 St George's with Trinity and St James Church (abbreviated to St George's) is a United Reformed church in the Ashbrooke area of Sunderland Tyne and Wear England.Originally a Presbyterian church it was constructed by John Bennie Wilson of Glasgow in 1888-90 to replace a former chapel on Villiers Street. Much of the funding was provided by a local shipowner (later Sir) Robert Appleby Bartram who laid the foundation stone on 7 February 1889.
 The Runcu River is a tributary of the Neagra Șarului River in Romania.
 Shahrak-e Emam Hoseyn (Persian: شهرك امام حسين‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Emām Ḩoseynʿ; also known as Emāmḩoseyn) is a village in Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 974 in 164 families.
 Deh Malek (Persian: ده ملك‎) is a village in Javaran Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 13 families.
 Kedamono Damono (けだもの だもの Kedamono da mono) is a shōjo manga written by Haruka Fukushima and published by Kodansha. Kedamono Damono was serialized in the Japanese magazine Nakayoshi. All three volumes have been released in the US by TOKYOPOP. The book revolves around the relationship between a boy and a girl but a twist in the plot changes the feel of the manga. The male protagonist named Haruki Sugimoto is forced by urges to change genders at night.
 Mordella nigrans is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1887.
 St. Louis Outlet Mall (formerly St. Louis Mills) is a shopping center in Hazelwood Missouri just off Route 370. When it opened in November 2003 it had over 200 specialty shops and 8 anchor stores. Due to the current weaker economy this number shrank to just over 180. It is a venture investment by developer and former owner Mills Corporation that offers many retail stores and entertainment attractions.
 Storageland is the first release by musician Mirah released independently as a vinyl EP in 1997. The album received largely positive reviews and listeners were drawn to the unpolished sound...with its sometimes muffled vocals raw guitars and background-noise cracklings.
 Luchowo [luˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobżenica within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Łobżenica 39 km (24 mi) east of Piła and 99 km (62 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 680.
 Chandesh (In Hindi:चंडेश) via Noan District: Kaimur Bihar IndiaChandesh is a typical Indian village of farmers where many of India's most valued cultural forms flourish. It has a large population of Hindus and Muslims and has strategic importance due its central location. The Chandesh Chauk has gained increasing importance in trade and commerce and holds promise of much more. There are numerous general stores medical textile electronic forges grocery and sweet shops.
 Godamdar (Persian: گدامدر‎ also Romanized as Godāmdar and Gadāmdar; also known as Qadamdī) is a village in Zaboli Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 503 in 131 families.
 Postołowo [pɔstɔˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Pseudovermidae is a taxonomic family of minute sea slugs specifically aolid nudibranchs marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusks.This family has no subfamilies.These extremely small sea slugs are meiofauna; they live among sand grains.
 The Unconquered was a 1953 novel by Ben Ames Williams. It was Williams' final novel completed in January 1953 less than a month before his death. It is a sequel to his House Divided.
 Bamra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Robert Cortez Bobby Scott (born April 30 1947) is the U.S. Representative for Virginia's 3rd congressional district serving since 1993. He is a member of the Democratic Party. The district takes in most of Richmond all of Portsmouth along with parts of Norfolk Hampton and Scott's home in Newport News.
 The Coast of Utopia is a 2002 trilogy of plays: Voyage Shipwreck and Salvage written by Tom Stoppard with focus on the philosophical debates in pre-revolution Russia between 1833 and 1866. It was the recipient of the 2007 Tony Award for Best Play.
 Meanwhile is a 1927 novel by H. G. Wells set in an Italian villa early in 1926. It was chosen as an alternate selection of the recently founded Book of the Month Club and was translated into a number of languages including Danish Norwegian Polish and Czech. In England 30000 copies sold within two months and by the summer of 1929 50000 had been sold.
 Qazan (Persian: قازان‎ also Romanized as Qāzān) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 11 families.
 Tekkedere is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 179 people.
 The City Hall and City Duma (Russian: Здание Правительства Москвы) would have been the new home for the Moscow government and assembly (duma). It would have consisted of four 308.4 meter (1011.8 feet) 70 story towers. Currently the government of the city are using hundreds of smaller buildings throughout the city.
 Gus is an animated short film produced by Honeydew Studios in Brisbane Australia. It is written directed animated and produced by Andrew Martin. The music is composed by Liam Flenady and Lisa Cheney and the sound design is by John Willsteed. It has won multiple awards on the international festival circuit including Best Short Film Script and Best Short Animation at the Monaco International Film Festival and Best Animation at the Queensland New Filmmakers Awards in 2011.
 Hemiculter tchangi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hemiculter.
 Takkari Donga is a 2002 Telugu Cowboy film directed by Jayant Paranjee. Mahesh Babu Lisa Ray and Bipasha Basu play the lead roles. This movie was dubbed into Hindi as Choron Ka Chor.
 The Schuylkill River Trail is a multi-use trail under construction for expansion along the banks of the Schuylkill River in southeastern Pennsylvania. Large stretches of the trail are rail trails.When complete the trail is planned to run from the river's headwaters in Schuylkill County to Fort Mifflin in Philadelphia a distance of about 140 miles (230 km).
 Lieutenant Hornblower (published 1952) is a Horatio Hornblower novel written by C. S. Forester ISBN 1-85998-976-4.It is the second book in the series chronologically but the seventh by order of publication.The book is unique in the series in being told not from Horatio Hornblower's point of view but rather from Bush's. This helped Forester to explain Hornblower's unsuitable first marriage besides giving an objective view of Hornblower himself.
 Giuliano Urbani (born 9 June 1937) is an Italian academic and politician. He was the minister of cultural heritage from 2001 to 2005.
 Tolombeh-ye Nezhad Sabeqi Zhand-e Do (Persian: تلمبه نژاد سابقي ژند 2‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Nezhād Sābeqī Zhand-e Do) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 11 families.
 Cotinis rufipennis is a species of the Cotinis scarab genus.
 Newton M. Pitt House is a historic home located at Sandy Creek in Oswego County New York. It was built in 1851 and is a two story frame Greek Revival style structure with an L shaped plan gable roof and wide cornice. It features a prominent pedimented portico supported by two square pillars and two columns with Ionic capitals.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Dunnan-Hampton House is an historic building in Paxton Illinois United States. It was built in 1897 and purchased by the Dunnan family in 1900. Distinctive features include the cupola stained glass window and hand-carved ornate woodwork. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 22 2007. Reflective of the Queen Anne Style architecture the house also incorporates elements of Stick Style and Eastlake Style.
 Tough Guys Don't Dance is a 1987 crime mystery comedy-drama film written and directed by Norman Mailer based on his novel of the same name. It is a murder mystery/film noir piece that was scorned by audiences and critics alike. It was screened out of competition at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.The script had revisions done by Chinatown and Last Woman on Earth scribe/script doctor Robert Towne.
 Operation Crossroads was a series of two nuclear weapon tests conducted by the United States at Bikini Atoll in mid-1946. They were the first nuclear weapon tests since Trinity in July 1945 and the first detonations of nuclear devices since the atomic bombing of Nagasaki on August 9 1945.
 The Clairvoyant (US title: The Evil Mind) is a 1934 drama film made in the UK starring Claude Rains Fay Wray and Jane Baxter directed by Maurice Elvey and based on the novel of the same name by Ernst Lothar.
 Cybister explanatus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae.The adults of this species are edible and are eaten roasted and as a taco filling in Mexico.
 Akrebin Yolculuğu is a 1997 Turkish romance film directed by Ömer Kavur. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Cathedral of the Holy Family is a late 19th-century church that serves as the co-cathedral—together with the Co-Cathedral of St. Joseph the Worker—of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Samoa-Pago Pago in American Samoa an unincorporated territory of the United States. It is located in the Ottoville district of Tafuna the largest city in the territory.The construction of the cathedral began between the late 1980s and early 1990s and it opened in 1994.
 Love Hate and Then There’s You is the third studio and final album by the American alternative rock band The Von Bondies. It was released on February 3 2009. It is their first album for Majordomo Records.
 The Wanderer and His Shadow is the second full-length album from Norwegian extreme metal band Pantheon I and was released in May 2007.The name of the album comes from one of Friedrich Nietzsche's earlier works of the same name.
 Langille Glacier is an alpine glacier on the north slope of Mount Hood in the U.S. state of Oregon. It lies at an average altitude of 7500 feet (2300 m). The glacier lies entirely within Mount Hood Wilderness and is connected to Eliot Glacier to the south.
 The Kaibab squirrel (Sciurus aberti kaibabensis) is a tassel-eared squirrel that lives in the Kaibab Plateau in the Southwest United States in an area of 20 by 40 miles (30 by 60 km). The squirrel's habitat is confined entirely to the ponderosa pine forests of the North Rim of Grand Canyon National Park and the northern section of Kaibab National Forest around the town of Jacob Lake Arizona.
 También Yo (English: So am I or So do I) is the first studio album by the Mexican pop singer Daniela Romo. It was released in 1979 and re-issued in 1985. All of the songs were composed by Lolita de la Colina and arrangements and direction were by Chucho Ferrer.
 Mitromorpha alba is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 The International Museum of Horology French: Musée international d'horlogerie (MIH) is a museum in La Chaux-de-Fonds Switzerland dedicated to horology which is the study of time timekeeping and timekeeping devices (primarily clocks and watches). The museum is owned and operated by the city of La Chaux-de-Fonds.Historically the city of La Chaux-de-Fonds is considered one of the focal points of the Swiss watchmaking industries and the home of one of the country's famous watchmaking schools.
 The Ettamogah Pub is a cartoon pub that was featured in the now defunct Australasian Post magazine. The cartoonist Ken Maynard loving empty spaces and having nothing around him enjoyed an area just outside of Albury at Table Top named Ettamogah thus christening the name of his now famous pub the Ettamogah Pub . The first Ettamogah Pub of a chain of such pubs was built there and copies now exist in various parts of Australia including Sydney the Sunshine Coast and Cunderdin.
 Oakmere hill fort is an Iron Age hill fort one of many large fortified settlements constructed across Britain during the Iron Age but one of only seven in the county of Cheshire in northern England. It is protected as a Scheduled Ancient Monument. Despite being a low lying site Oakmere is still considered a hill fort.
 Finished with the Dogs is the second album by Holy Moses released in 1987 on AAARRG Records. It was re-released on August 5 2005 through Armageddon with 4 bonus live tracks. All music and lyrics are by Andy Classen and Sabina Classen.
 Aminabad (Persian: امين اباد‎ also Romanized as Amīnābād; also known as Amīnābād-e Dovvom) is a village in Qahab-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 108 families.
 Mount Sembrano is a mountain located between Rizal and Laguna of the CALABARZON region in the Philippines. Mt. Sembrano is situated about 60 kilometres (37 mi) east by road from the capital city of Manila.
 Aphthona czwalinae is a species of leaf beetle known as the black leafy spurge flea beetle. It is used as an agent of biological pest control against the noxious weed leafy spurge (Euphorbia esula).The adult beetle is shiny black and about 3 millimeters long. The female lays eggs on the soil next to leafy spurge its host plant during the summer months. The larva emerges in 16 or 17 days. It is white with a light brown head.
 The Wiesensee (German pronunciation: [ˈviːzənzeː]) is an artificial lake dammed up in 1971 in the Westerwald low mountain range. The lake covers about 80 hectares and lies in the area of Stahlhofen am Wiesensee's various centres on the lake's west shore and Pottum on the north shore in the Westerwaldkreis. The community of Winnen borders on the lake to the southeast.
 Jir Mahalleh-ye Kasma (Persian: جيرمحله كسما‎ also Romanized as Jīr Maḩalleh-ye Kasmā and Jīr Maḩalleh-ye Kasmā’; also known as Jīr Maḩalleh) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 435 in 128 families.
 Special Dead is a 2006 American zombie comedy directed by Thomas L. Phillips and Sean Simmons written by Jared Tweedie and starring Jason Brubaker Amy Wade Gia Natale Anthony Rutowicz and Haneka Haynes.
 Djan Faridz (born in Jakarta on 5 August 1950) is the current Minister of Public Housing of Indonesia and owner of PT Dizamatra Powerindo.
 Cold Mountain is a 2003 epic war drama film written and directed by Anthony Minghella. The film is based on the bestselling novel of the same name by Charles Frazier.
 Samuel Parker known as Kamuela Parker or sometimes Samuel Keaoililani Parker (1853–1920) was a major landowner and businessman on the island of Hawaii heir to the Parker Ranch estate. He became involved in politics at a critical time of the Kingdom of Hawaii serving in its last cabinet.
 Senticolis triaspis also known as green rat snake is a long (160 cm) green or olive green snake with the light yellow ventral side. They usually inhabit evergreen forests and grassland. They are well distributed in the Baboquivari Pajarito Atascosa Santa Rita Empire Patagonia Chiricahua Swisshelm Pedregosa and Peloncillo mountains of southeastern Arizona. Senticolis triaspis consume small animals such as lizards killing them by deadly constriction. They are primarily diurnal.
 Albert Edgar Hickman (August 2 1875 – February 9 1943) born in Grand Bank Newfoundland was Newfoundland's seventeenth Prime Minister and has the distinction of having served the shortest term of any Prime Minister.Hickman a politician and businessman served as Prime Minister of Newfoundland for 33 days in 1924 as leader of a caretaker administration after the successive collapses of the Liberal Reform Party governments of Prime Ministers Sir Richard Squires and William Warren.
 Tat Marina (born in 1983) ) Khmer: តាត ម៉ារីណា) is a Cambodian-born and a survivor of brutal high profile acid throwing attack in 1999. Tat Marina came into public attention when she was doused with acid at the age of 16 years old in a jealousy attack reportedly arranged by a wife of a high-ranking Cambodian government official. The acid attack was done in a broad daylight. No arrest of the perpetrators was made in the assault of Marina.
 Outside Looking In was a 1925 Broadway three act comedy written by Maxwell Anderson produced by Kenneth Macgowan Robert Edmond Jones and Eugene O'Neill and directed by Augustin Duncan. Cleon Throckmorton created the scenic design. It was adapted from Jim Tully's autobiography Beggars of Life. It ran for 113 performances from September 7 1925 to November 1925 at the Greenwich Village Theatre and continuing from November 1925 to December 1925 at the 39th Street Theatre.
 PS 157 is a historic school building located in the Harlem of Manhattan New York City. It was built in 1898 and was designed by C. B. J. Snyder in the Renaissance Revival style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 10 1982.
 Bathyclarias nyasensis is a species of airbreathing catfish endemic to Lake Malawi in the countries of Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania. This species grows to a length of 100 cm SL (39.4 inches). This species is commercially caught for human consumption and can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Poland is a historical novel written by James A. Michener and published in 1983 detailing the times and tribulations of three Polish families (the Lubonski family the Bukowski family and the Buk family) across eight centuries ending in the then-present day (1981).
 Ben Venue is a historic home and farm located near Washington Rappahannock County Virginia. The main house was built between 1844 and 1846 and is a two-story five bay brick dwelling with a side gable roof and parapets. It features a one-story porch that covers the central three bays; it has four Doric order columns supporting a bracketed entablature.
 Mohawk Crater is an impact crater in the Elysium quadrangle of Mars located at 43.2° N and 5.4° W. It is 17.5 km in diameter and was named after a town in Yemen.
 La Niña Buena is the second album by the Mexican singer Mariana Seoane released in 2005.
 Over The Top: The Rarities is a compilation album released in 2000 by the British band Motörhead on the Sanctuary Records label.
 Xanthidae is a family of crabs known as mud crabs pebble crabs or rubble crabs. Xanthid crabs are often brightly coloured and are poisonous containing toxins which are not destroyed by cooking and for which no antidote is known. The toxins are similar to the tetrodotoxin and saxitoxin produced by puffer fish and may be produced by bacteria in the genus Vibrio living in symbiosis with the crabs mostly V. alginolyticus and V. parahaemolyticus.
 Wat Rong Khun (Thai: วัดร่องขุ่น; Northern Thai: ) more well-known among foreigners as the White Temple is a contemporary unconventional Buddhist temple in Chiang Rai Thailand. It was designed by Chalermchai Kositpipat in 1997.
 Oestroidea is a superfamily of Calyptratae.
 Crepuscule with The Dead Science is the third EP from The Dead Science released in 2006 on Slender Means Society. Two tracks Child/Actress and a cover of John Dowland's All Ye Whom Love of Fortune were recorded during the Frost Giant sessions. Thanks in the liner notes is given to Mr. Zazzary 'Veins' Pendleton apparently code for Zac Pennington Slender Means Society's founder.
 Meet the Jazztet is an album by the Jazztet led by trumpeter Art Farmer and saxophonist Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in 1960 and originally released on the Argo label.
 The Grand Boulevard Tower is an approved tower mainly residential to be built in Downtown Dubai in Dubai. It will have 69 floors and it was designed by Adrian Smith who also designed Burj Khalifa.
 Miłość muzyka mordobicie (Polish Love music brawl) is the third studio album of Polish punk rock band Big Cyc released in 1992. The title is a pun on Love friendship music - slogan of the Jarocin festival which proved to be untrue because of common brawls. The song Nowe kombinacje was a parody of the rock group Republika appreciated by its leader Grzegorz Ciechowski. Buntownik z aerozolu and Jak słodko zostać świrem featured the first videos in the group's history.
 The Railway Children is a children's book by Edith Nesbit originally serialised in The London Magazine during 1905 and first published in book form in 1906. It has been adapted for the screen several times of which the 1970 film version is the best known. The Oxford Dictionary of National Biography credits Oswald Barron who had a deep affection for Nesbit with having provided the plot.
 The Preacher (Swedish: Predikanten) is a 2004 psychological thriller by Camilla Läckberg and translated into English by Steven T. Murray in 2009.A young child who discovers a female cadaver in the Swedish countryside starts a cataclysmic chain of events: when the police arrive two skeletons are then discovered underneath the woman’s body. It is believed these are female teens Siv Lantin and Mona Thernblad who vanished in 1979.
 The Rio de la Plata is the longest river in the island of Puerto Rico. It is located in the north coast of the island. It flows from south to north and drains into the Atlantic Ocean about 11 miles (18 km) west of San Juan. The mouth of the river is a resort area with white sandy beaches. La Plata has a length of approximately 60.5 miles (97 kilometers) with its origin in the municipality of Guayama Puerto Rico at an altitude of approximately 2625 feet (800 meters) above sea level.
 DuBose Ausley (born May 13 1937) is an attorney in Tallahassee Florida USA.DuBose Ausley is the senior partner and former Chairman with the law firm of Ausley & McMullen P.A. in Tallahassee. He is also Director of TECO Energy Inc. of Tampa Florida Director of Capital City Bank Group of Tallahassee former member of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Florida Board of Directors Chairman of the Florida Commission on Ethics and Chairman of the Florida Board of Regents in 1981.
 Lajos Hegyeshalmi or Hegyeshalmy (21 October 1862 - 7 March 1925) was a Hungarian politician who served as acting Minister of Finance in 1921. After his graduating he was appointed head secretary of the Hungarian National Bank later he worked for the National Statistical Office. Between 1910 and 1914 he was the deputy chairman of the Hungarian State Railways. He served as Minister of Trade twice: in 1919 and between 1920-1922. Hegyeshalmi was member of the Diet of Hungary.
 Tarkayesh (Persian: تركايش‎; also known as Tarkāsh) is a village in Bedevostan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 432 in 104 families.
 The 140th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This date was January 5 1999 which was two weeks before the beginning of the seventh administrative year of Democratic Governor Thomas R.
 Cadlina japonica is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 Tabor Mały [ˈtabɔr ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bralin within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Bralin 8 km (5 mi) west of Kępno and 139 km (86 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Taiwan Oil Field Exhibition Hall or Taiwan Petroleum Exhibition Hall (Chinese: 台灣油礦陳列館; pinyin: Táiwān Yóukuàng Chénlièguǎn) is a museum about oil in Gongguan Township Miaoli County Taiwan.
 Villain (Kannada: ವಿಲನ್) is a 2012 Indian Kannada action film written and directed by M. S. Ramesh and produced by Yogish Hunsur under the banner Saraswathi Entertainers. The film stars Auditya and Ragini Dwivedi in lead roles.
 Darreh Palangi (Persian: دره پلنگي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Palangī) is a village in Jowzar Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 18 families.
 The Amstel is a river in the Netherlands which runs through the city of Amsterdam. The river's name is derived from Aeme stelle old Dutch for area abounding with water.The well-known Magere Brug bridge in Amsterdam crosses the river as do the Blauwbrug Hoge Sluis and Berlagebrug bridges. The Stopera city hall and opera house and Carré theatre are both located on the banks of the river.A nationally televised concert is held on the river every year on Bevrijdingsdag (Liberation Day).
 Shine So Hard is a live 12 EP released by the band Echo & the Bunnymen on 10 April 1981. The EP reached number 37 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Asrar-ul-Haq Mian(Urdu: اسرار الحق میاں English:Mian Israr-ul-Haq) is a leading prominent lawyer of Pakistan Senior advocate of the Supreme Court of Pakistan and member Pakistan Bar Council. He elected President Supreme Court Bar Association of Pakistan for 2012-2013 term. He remained Chairman Executive of Pakistan Bar Council.He elected president of Lahore high court bar association in 2001 and 2006.
 Life with Mikey (also known as Give Me a Break) is a 1993 comedy film starring Michael J. Fox Christina Vidal Nathan Lane Cyndi Lauper and David Krumholtz.Tagline: He's a talent agent. She's a thief. Looks like they've already got something in common.
 The Swarm is a 1978 monster horror film about a killer bee invasion of Texas. It was adapted from a novel of the same name by Arthur Herzog.The director was Irwin Allen and the cast included Michael Caine Katharine Ross Richard Widmark Richard Chamberlain Olivia de Havilland Ben Johnson Lee Grant Patty Duke Slim Pickens Bradford Dillman Fred MacMurray (in his final film appearance) and Henry Fonda.
 The Rufous Treecreeper (Climacteris rufus) is a species of bird in the Climacteridae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Cicurina cicur is a spider species found in Europe to Central Asia.
 State of Mind was the second studio album from the Canadian band Wave. It was released October 15 2002 on Warner Music Canada. The recording was their last album before the duo disbanded in 2003. The album had two singles Don't Say Sarah and State of Mind. Both were released on December 10 2002. The album charted at #56 on Canadian Albums Chart. The album charted at a lower performance than Wave's debut album (which charted #29 on Canadian Albums Chart).
 SNReview is a seasonal online literary magazine founded in 1999. It has published the poetry and prose of Stephen Gyllenhaal Adrian Louis and Steve Poleskie among others. In the past three years page views have risen almost sixfold with the average issue receiving more than 20000 page views.[citation needed]It publishes prose works of less than 7000 words with traditional emphasis of good writing: strong characters good plot and theme imagery style of writing and point of view.
 A Catholic Education is the debut album by British alternative rock band Teenage Fanclub released in 1990.The album received positive reviews from English music journalists and critics.In contrast to the group's later work the album has a very dark abrasive and cynical tone and incorporated a grunge and heavy metal influenced sound. As well the album's two title tracks are direct attacks on the Catholic Church which are unique for an otherwise apolitical band.
 Chowdepalle is a village and a Mandal in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.Population:As per 2011 census there are 1542 households with a total population of 6911 in the village of Chowdepalle. Out of this 3467 are females and 3444 are males.Bank:ING Vysya BankGrameena Bank
 Tolombeh-ye Ashayiri Hasan Hajji (Persian: تلمبه عشايري حسن حاجي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAshāyīrī Ḩasan Ḩājjī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 17 families.
 The River Nadder is one of the chalk stream rivers of southern England much sought after by fly fishermen because of its clear waters and abundance of brown trout. It is one of the main tributaries of the River Avon rising from a number of springs and small streams at Donhead St. Mary in south Wiltshire.
 The Radeșul Mare River is a tributary of the Cârligu River in Romania.
 The Good Neighbour — was a monthly bulletin in newspaper broadsheet format issued by the News & Information Bureau Australian Department of Immigration to assist immigrants to Australia.Printed on buff-coloured paper it contained 8 pages of news about and advice for new immigrants to Australia as well as photos connected with migrants. It was published from August 1950 (No. 1) to October 1969 (No. 189).
 The Berlin File (Hangul: 베를린; RR: Bereullin; lit. Berlin) is a 2013 South Korean spy thriller written and directed by Ryoo Seung-wan. Ha Jung-woo stars as a North Korean agent in Berlin who is betrayed and cut loose when a weapons deal is exposed.
 Love Inventory aka Reshimat Ahava (Hebrew: רשימת אהבה‎) is a 2000 Israeli documentary film written and directed by David Fisher and produced by Yahaly Gat and David Fisher. This is the First film in the family trilogy created by director David Fisher followed by Mostar Round-Trip (2011) and Six Million and One (2011).
 Carthage Jail located in Carthage Illinois was the location of the death of Joseph Smith the founder of the Latter Day Saint movement and his brother Hyrum by a mob of approximately 150 men. Fellow Latter Day Saints John Taylor and Willard Richards were also members of the incarcerated party but were not killed. The group had reported to Carthage the county seat to face charges brought against Joseph.
 Risto is a 2011 Finnish comedy film directed by Tuomas Summanen.
 Barefield or Gortlumman (Irish: Gort Lomán) is a village and townland in County Clare Ireland. It is located on the N18 national primary road between Ennis and Gort. The village is 224 km from Dublin and 33 km from Limerick the nearest city.Barefield is in the Catholic parish of Doora and Kilraghtis also called Doora-Barefield parish.The village itself consists of The Church of the Immaculate Conception Barefield National School two shops and two pubs.
 Dennis J. Nordfelt (born March 2 1943) is an American politician who served as the sixth mayor of West Valley City Utah from 2002 until 2010.
 Bob Dylan Performing Artist is a series of three books written by music critic Paul Williams concerning the music of American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan. Unlike many other books about Dylan these are not biographical but focus primarily on the performances delivered at various concerts over a period of almost forty years. The performances Williams analyzes were either personally attended or reviewed from audio-tapes (and sometimes from videotapes).
 The pale gerbil Gerbillus perpallidus is distributed mainly in northwestern Egypt. It is also known as the pallid gerbil. The pale gerbil has pale orange fur with white underparts white forelimbs and white feet. The ears are unpigmented and the soles of the feet are haired which is characteristic of sand-dwelling gerbils.It averages 22 to 27 cm in length and weights 26-49 g.
 The Education of Elizabeth is a 1921 silent film comedy-romance produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Edward Dillon and stars stage star Billie Burke in her last silent film. The film was based on a play by Roy Horniman and is now a lost film.
 A Volcanic eruption took place in 1222 at a volcanic field in Northern Syria near Killis (also Kilis) Turkey. The volcano probably formed because of a reigonal Graben. The Volcano is Andesitic-Basaltic in composition.
 V. T. Patil was an education reformer and politician who represented Kolhapur as a Member of Parliament in the 3rd Lok Sabha that sat between 1962 and 1967. His interest in development of education in Kolhapur — a town in Maharashtra India — is reflected in the various institutions that he either founded or was involved in founding.
 The Portland Tribune is a free newspaper published twice weekly each Tuesday and Thursday in Portland Oregon United States.The Tribune is part of the Pamplin Media Group which publishes a number of community newspapers in the Portland metropolitan area and also owns and operates the talk radio station KPAM and several other radio stations throughout the Pacific Northwest.
 The Peace War is a science fiction novel by American writer Vernor Vinge about authoritarianism and technological progress. It was first published as a serial in Analog in 1984 and then appeared in book form shortly afterward. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1985. Its sequels are The Ungoverned which was a novella published in his collection True Names and Other Dangers and the novel Marooned in Realtime. All three were collected in Across Realtime (Baen Books 1991).
 The News Portsmouth is the only paid-for newspaper in Portsmouth England which covers a wide area of south Hampshire. It is produced by Johnston Press owners of Portsmouth Publishing & Printing at their headquarters in North Harbour Portsmouth and printed in nearby Hilsea.
 The Voice of the Violin ( La voce del violino ) is a 1997 novel by Andrea Camilleri translated into English in 2003 by Stephen Sartarelli. It is the fourth novel in the internationally popular Inspector Montalbano series.
 The Thorne Memorial School building is located at Franklin and Maple streets in Millbrook New York United States. It is a brick structure built at the end of the 19th century considered the most distinctive public building in the village.After being challenged by a newspaper reporter's column about the new village's lack of a school a wealthy local resident had the school built at his expense and donated it to the community.
 Gora Padao is an Indian village 5 km south of Haldwani is named after a British camp/post at that location in the mid-19th century. In 1856 Henry Ramsay took over as the Commissioner of Kumaon. The village population is about 5000. The landmark of this village is 'Chandrawati Tewari Girls College' named after the aunt of Narayan Dutt Tiwari one of the top political leaders of India and former Chief Minister of Uttarakhand.
 William George Bill Hayden AC (born 23 January 1933) is an Australian politician who was the 21st Governor-General of Australia from 1989 to 1996. He was previously the Leader of the Labor Party and Leader of the Opposition from 1977 to 1983 and served as Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade under Prime Minister Bob Hawke from 1983 to 1988. He was also the Treasurer of Australia under Gough Whitlam in 1975.
 Stereotype also known as Stereotype: Steel & Velvet is singer B.Slade's 5th album. While still using the stage name Tonéx the artist stated in an interview that the name Stereotype is a metaphor for the dual nature in humanity (i.e. stereo left and right). The album was originally to be released on Verity/Jive Records on September 11 2007. One single Joy (which was later put on Tonéx's Battery Records album Unspoken) had been serviced to radio under the auspices of Verity in May 2007.
 The Khawak Pass (elevation 3848 m (12625 ft)) sits across the route heading to the northwest from near the head of the Panjshir Valley through the formidable Hindu Kush range to northern Afghanistan via Andarab and Baghlan.This is the route traditionally thought to have been followed by Alexander the Great in the spring of 329 BCE when he led his army from the Kabul Valley across the mountains to Bactria (later Tokharistan in the north).
 Tomahawk Lake is a lake in Oneida County Wisconsin United States. The lake covers an area of 3392 acres (1373 ha) and has a maximum depth of 84 feet (26 m). The community of Lake Tomahawk is located on the eastern edge of the lake.
 The Sunnyside Mall is an upscale Canadian shopping mall in Bedford Nova Scotia. The mall is home to the largest indoor market in the Maritimes Pete's Frootique. Other retailers include Melanie Lyne Backyard & Veranda who have a flagship store in the mall Sony Style The Freak Lunchbox Uncommon Kids Gear The Village Green Moe's Menswear Indigo Books The Garage Clothing Co.
 Jealousy is a lost[citation needed] 1929 sound film produced and released by Paramount Pictures. A 1928 play Jealousy by Louis Verneuil served as the source material. This film marked Jeanne Eagels' second sound film and final motion picture before her death from drug addiction. It was initially shot with British actor Anthony Bushell as Pierre but he was replaced by March at Eagels's insistance. Moore died before the film was released and Eagels shortly afterwards.
 Suspended Night is an album by Polish jazz trumpeter and composer Tomasz Stańko recorded in 2003 and released on the ECM label.
 Drones & Vapid Ditties is a music DVD by Australian indie rock band Augie March. It was released on 6 September 2004 by BMG Australia. The initials of the words Drones & Vapid Ditties spell out the letters DVD. Described on the back of the case as a shambles the DVD contains numerous live performances (including a full set from the 2003 Meredith Music Festival) as well as a collection of all the band's music videos to that date.
 Brendan James is the self-titled second studio album by American singer-songwriter Brendan James released on September 7 2010. Brendan made his first-ever appearance on Billboard 200 after debuting at #93 on the chart with the strong sales in digital the self-titled album also broke into the Digital Albums chart at #21.
 Abdi Mohamoud Omar (pronounce in Somali Cabdi Maxamuud Cumar Nickname Cabdi Iley) is a Somali regional president he preceded by Abdulahi Hassan Mohamed (lugbuur). He is a member of the Somali regional parliament and a member of the ruling party Ethiopian Somali People Democratic Party (ESPDP) as well as a number five of the Meles Zenawi Foundation.
 Cactus's Secret (サボテンの秘密 Saboten no Himitsu) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Nana Haruta. The series began serialization in Ribon magazine on December 29 2003 and ended its run on April 30 2005. The individual chapters were collected into four tankōbon volumes by Shueisha; the first on August 11 2004 and the final on October 14 2005. The series has been licensed by Viz Media for an English-language North American release as part of their Shojo Beat imprint.
 Asbeke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Ruy de Sosa y León (1569 - 1633) was a Portuguese nobleman he was military conqueror and government official of the city of Córdoba during the Spanish conquest in America
 Poru Telangana is a 2011 Telugu-language film directed by R. Narayana Murthy. The star cast includes R. Narayana Murthy.
 Strzyżowice [stʂɨʐɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Opatów and 56 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 420.
 Gidget Grows Up is a 1969 television film directed by James Sheldon and starring Karen Valentine Paul Lynde and Edward Mulhare freely adapted from the novel Gidget Goes New York by Frederick Kohner. It premiered on ABC on December 30 1969 and was intended as a pilot for a possible new Gidget series possibly a sequel to the 1960s sitcom Gidget.
 The Flowery Range is a mountain range in Storey County Nevada.
 Simli (Persian: سيملي‎ also Romanized as Sīmlī) is a village in Zarabad-e Sharqi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 33 families.
 Mount Pangulubao or Pangulubau (Indonesian: Gunung Pangulubao) is a mountain near Lake Toba in Sumatra.Mount Pangulubao is notable for its large number of native tropical pitcher plant species. These include Nepenthes ampullaria Nepenthes gymnamphora Nepenthes mikei Nepenthes ovata Nepenthes rhombicaulis Nepenthes spectabilis and Nepenthes tobaica. The natural hybrid Nepenthes × pangulubauensis is named after it.
 Nahr-e Abu Dahan (Persian: نهرابودهن‎ also Romanized as Nahr-e Abū Dahan) is a village in Nasar Rural District Arvandkenar District Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 16 families.
 The Balmez River or Balmoș River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Rudkhaneh (Persian: رودخانه‎ also Romanized as Rūdkhāneh; also known as Pūl and Rūdkhāneh Pol) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 7 families.
 The Journey is the second book in the Guardians of Ga'Hoole series. It is written by Kathryn Lasky and was published by Scholastic on September 1 2003. In this book Soren Gylfie Twilight Digger and Mrs. Plithiver continue their journey to the Great Ga'Hoole Tree where they will be tested beyond anything they have ever faced.
 From Broken Hearts to Blue Skies is an album by Susannah McCorkle released in 1999.
 The Final Countdown Tour 1986 is a live album by the Swedish hard rock band Europe. It was released on December 16 2004.
 Marcel Gagnon (born April 19 1936) is a former Canadian politician. A businessman he served as a legislator for both the National Assembly of Quebec and the House of Commons.
 Dadayama is a 1984 Sri Lankan drama film directed by Wasantha Obeysekara.
 Junior Escort (少年娼婦 Shōnen Shōfu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Sakurako Hanafubuki. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on March 25 2008. It comprises four volumes the first called Junior Escort the second called Love Code the third called Crazy Star and last a prequel called Shining Moon.
 Mowtowr-e Ashayir Hadi (Persian: موتورعشايرهادي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAshāyīr Hādī) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 The Generali Building (Hebrew: בניין ג'נרלי‎ Binyan Generali) is a landmark office building on Jaffa Road in western Jerusalem Israel. Designed by Marcello Piacentini chief architect of the Italian Fascist regime it served as the Jerusalem branch of the Assicurazioni Generali insurance company from 1935 to 1946. In 1946 the British Mandatory government nationalized the building and enclosed it and several other structures at the eastern end of Jaffa Road in a fortified security zone.
 The Red Man's View is a 1909 American Western film directed by D. W. Griffith. Prints of the film exist in the film archives of the Museum of Modern Art and the Library of Congress.
 Izatha austera is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand where it is widespread throughout the North Island with a single South Island record from north-west Nelson.The wingspan is 13–19 mm for males and 16.5–25 mm for females. Adults are on wing from December to February.Larvae feed during the winter in dead wood including moist logs on the forest floor and drier standing dead wood.
 Lindo Momento Frente Al Caos is the seventh album by the Chilean band Fiskales Ad-Hok.
 Health Service Journal (HSJ) is a weekly news print title and website on the British National Health Service healthcare management and health policy.
 Review is an American magazine covering national and international economic issues. It is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.
 Belz Crater is an impact crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars located at 23.93° N and 43.23° W. It is 10.21 km in diameter and was named after the city of Belz Lviv Oblast Ukraine.
 Ai no Dai 6 Kan (愛の第6感 Ai no Dai Rokkan A 6th sense of love) is the sixth album from the J-pop idol group Morning Musume released on December 8 2004.
 The Swan Princess is a 1994 American animated fantasy musical film based on the ballet Swan Lake. Starring the voice talents of Jack Palance John Cleese Steven Wright and Sandy Duncan the film is directed by a former Disney animation director Richard Rich with a music score by Lex de Azevedo.
 Megacorma schroederi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sulawesi in Indonesia.
 Gračanica is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 199 people.
 Tough 'Duff is the second album by organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1960 and released on the Prestige label.
 Three Came Home (1950) is a post-war film made by Twentieth Century-Fox based on the memoirs of the same name by writer Agnes Newton Keith. It depicts Keith's life in North Borneo in the period immediately before the Japanese invasion in 1942 and her subsequent internment and suffering separated from her husband Harry and with a young son to care for.
 The Ryukyu flying fox or Ryukyu fruit bat (Pteropus dasymallus) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in Japan Taiwan and the Batanes and Babuyan Islands of the Philippines. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss and by hunting for food and the IUCN classify it as Near Threatened.
 Love Is Not All Around (traditional Chinese： 十分愛) is a 2007 Hong Kong film written and directed by Patrick Kong.
 Stefanków [stɛˈfaŋkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Jasieniec 13 km (8 mi) east of Grójec and 41 km (25 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Mohammadabad-e Asghar Khan (Persian: محمداباداصغرخان‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Aṣghar Khān; also known as Moḩammadābād-e Karīmkhān) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 671 in 125 families.
 St. Mary's Catholic Church known as the Prairie Cathedral or the Cathedral of the Cornfields is a Roman Catholic church in Beaverville Illinois. The Romanesque Revival church was built in 1909–1911. The church features two towers and a tiled dome roof; it is both the tallest and most prominent landmark in Beaverville. In 1996 the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger is a 1977 British fantasy film the third and final Sinbad film that Ray Harryhausen made for Columbia Pictures after The 7th Voyage of Sinbad and The Golden Voyage of Sinbad. The film stars Patrick Wayne Taryn Power Margaret Whiting Jane Seymour and Patrick Troughton. It was directed by Sam Wanamaker.
 The Need to Feel Alive is the second full-length album released by Forever Changed. It was released in 2005.
 Professor Kighoma Ali Malima (15 December 1938 – 6 August 1995) was a Tanzanian CCM politician.
 Langton Hill is a small hill in the town of Horncastle in the English county of Lincolnshire. The hill forming part of the western River Bain Valley. It is one of the first larger hills that form the hilly area that becomes the Lincolnshire Wolds on the other side of Horncastle. The B1191 road Woodhall Road runs along the eastern side from Horncastle and is also called 'Langton Hill' but then turns off south where a smaller road goes to the summit.
 Old Queen's is the oldest extant building at Rutgers University and is the symbolic heart of the university's campus in New Brunswick in Middlesex County New Jersey in the United States. Rutgers the Eighth-oldest college in the United States and founded in 1766 during the American colonial period as Queen's College a decade before the start of American Revolution.
 Holiday Hotel (French title:L'Hôtel de la plage) is a 1978 French comedy film directed and written by Michel Lang. The film stars Sophie Barjac and Myriam Boyer on a summer holiday in Brittany.
 The Gershom Cutter House is a historic house at 1146 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. Although traditionally ascribed a construction date of 1802 it is more likely based on stylistic evidence and other documentary evidence that this two story wood frame house was built c. 1835 by the sixth Gershom Cutter. The house standing on the site in 1802 (built by the fourth Gershom Cutter) was according to a family genealogy demolished in 1804.
 Lago di Baratz is a lake in the Province of Sassari Sardinia Italy. At an elevation of 24 m its surface area is 0.6 km². It is the only natural freshwater lake in Sardinia.It's located inside the Municipality of Sassari near Alghero.
 The Pârâul Sărat is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Ultimate High is the debut album of Irish-born singer Carly Smithson released under her maiden name Carly Hennessy in 2001 by MCA Records. It failed to find an audience despite getting good reviews and MCA Records spending over $2 million on the production and promotion of the album and became a textbook example for the economics of today's music industry.The song Just Missed the Train was later covered by American Idol season 1 winner Kelly Clarkson in her debut album Thankful.
 The Journal of Statistics Education is a double-blind peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1993. It is published quarterly online by the American Statistical Association covering subjects related to statistical literacy and statistics education from elementary to college education and continuing training.
 Leiolopisma mauritiana also known as Didosaurus maurtianus was a large (the largest known) species of skink (family Scincidae). It was found only in Mauritius but became extinct around 1600 probably due to introduced predators. It may have been somewhat fossorial in nature. This is speculative and based on a reconstruction. The Mauritian Giant Skink became extinct by 1650. Only a semi - complete specimen is known in addition to some odd bones.
 Junonia gregorii Gregori’s Brown Pansy is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Tanzania and Kenya (the highlands on both sides of the Rift Valley). The habitat consists of edges of sub-montane forests and agricultural clearings.The larvae feed on Phaulopsis parviflora and Sclerochiton paulowilhelmina.
 Leiobunum blackwalli is a species of harvestman. It is found in Europe.L. blackwalli grows to 6mm in females and 4mm in males. The second pair of legs grow to 50mm. Similar in appearance to L. rotundum the abdomen is broader at the rear and the dark marking broader at the rear than the front with a sharper cutoff than L. rotundum and the palps are pale.This harvestman is widespread throughout Britain and Europe though less common than L. rotundum.
 The Paracauti River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Deh-e Jamal (Persian: ده جمال‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Jamāl) is a village in Asfyj Rural District Asfyj District Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 240 in 66 families.
 The Boat Race (French: La Régate) is a 2009 drama film directed by Bernard Bellefroid. The film follows Alexandre a 15 year-old guy who lives alone with his dad enduring relentless physical violence. To escape from his daily life Alex rows on the Meuse river and has only one obsession: to win the Belgian Singles Championships.The film received four nominations at the 1st Magritte Awards and won Most Promising Actor for Joffrey Verbruggen.
 The Hadley Furniture Company Building is a historic retail building at 651-659 Main Street in downtown Worcester Massachusetts. The five story brick building was built in 1923-24 to a design by the local architectural firm of Cutting Carleton and Cutting. The Hadley Furniture Company founded in 1914 sought to expand from earlier premises closer to City Hall and commissioned its construction.
 Bennett Hillsman Henderson (September 5 1784 – October 1850) was an American politician who represented Tennessee in the United States House of Representatives.
 Athyrma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Winner Takes All is a 2004 Welsh short film directed by Helen M Grace written by Machico Bros & Helen M Grace.Nominated for BAFTA Cymru Best Short Film award 2004/2005The short film stars JC Mac Chico Slimani Lauretta Lewis and Barber Ali.
 Count Gyula Széchényi de Sárvár-Felsővidék (11 November 1829 Vienna – 13 January 1921 Budapest) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister besides the King between 1900 and 1903. Széchényi was 70 years old when appointed by Kálmán Széll.
 Ybeltje Berckmoes-Duindam (born February 11 1967) is a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). She has been an MP since November 9 2011 replacing Ineke Dezentjé Hamming-Bluemink.
 Hikaru Memorial Hall (光記念館 Hikaru Kinenkan) is an exhibition hall in Takayama Gifu Prefecture Japan comprising exhibition rooms for fine arts for archaeological research and for the study of the history of the old Hida Province of Japan.The memorial hall was established to pay homage to Yoshikazu Okada founder of the Mahikari organization and also houses exhibits paying homage to his life and missions.
 Kimberly Jo Mueller (born September 17 1957 in Newton Kansas) is a Federal District Judge of the Sacramento Division of United States District Court for the Eastern District of California. She is the first female district judge to serve in the Eastern District.
 David Ivy Patten (December 11 1920 - June 24 1998) was a building contractor and a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Catahoula Parish in the northeastern portion of his state. He served from 1964 to 1972.
 David Lindon Lammy FRSA (born 19 July 1972) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Tottenham since 2000.
 St Andrew's Church Buckland is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Buckland Hertfordshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands at the highest point in the village to the east of Ermine Street now the A10 road between Royston and Buntingford.
 Chal Kareh (Persian: چال كره‎ also Romanized as Chāl Kareh) is a village in Shahi Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 14 families.
 Lake Sebring is a natural freshwater lake in Highlands County Florida and located north of Sebring Florida and Lake Jackson. The lake is somewhat oval shaped and has a 494-acre (2000000 m2) surface area. The lake is named for Sebring's developer George Sebring.The entire south shore and parts of the north and east shores of Lake Sebring are lined with residences. The Sebring Lakeside Golf Resort Inn and Tea Room on Sebring Drive is on the south side of the lake.
 The International Temple formerly the Perry Belmont House is the world headquarters of the General Grand Chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star one of several organizations affiliated with Freemasonry. The building is located at 1618 New Hampshire Avenue Northwest in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C.The International Temple was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 8 1973.
 A Charmed Life is a 1955 novel written by American novelist Mary McCarthy.
 The First 10 Explosive Years Volume 2 is a 2001 compilation album by British rock band Atomic Rooster.Whilst being a very good compilation for fans of the band it consists entirely of unlicensed tracks whose copyright is owned by Sanctuary (who purchased the B&C and Dawn catalogues) EMI and Polydor Records.It has been reissued and repackaged at least once: in 2004 it was teamed with The First Ten Explosive Years [Volume 1] and released on the Recall Records label (a subsidiary of Snapper Music) as a double CD titled Tomorrow Night.
 The Balıklı Greek Hospital (Turkish: Balıklı Rum Hastanesi) is a health care institution at Balıklı neighborhood of Yedikule quarter in Zeytinburnu district of Istanbul which was established in the 18th century and continues its service run by the Greek community of Turkey.
 The Cage: The fight for Sri Lanka & the Last Days of the Tamil Tigers is a book about the final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War written by journalist and former United Nations official Gordon Weiss. Weiss was the UN's spokesman in Sri Lanka during the final months of the civil war. Since leaving the UN Weiss has been a vocal critic of the conduct of both the Sri Lankan military and the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam.
 Leptotyphlops teaguei or the Northern blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 William Thomas Rogers Jr. (born March 17 1938) Realtor and politician in Maine. He was elected to the 121st Maine State Legislature.
 St. John's Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic church located at 628 Main Street in Stamford Connecticut.
 Dingo: Selections from the Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 1992 movie of the same name. It was composed by Miles Davis and Michel Legrand.
 This article is about John Rawls's book 'Political Liberalism.' For a broader description and history of liberal philosophy see the article: Liberalism. Political Liberalism is an update to John Rawls's Theory of Justice (1971) in which he attempts to show that his theory of justice is not a comprehensive conception of the good but is instead compatible with a liberal conception of the role of justice: namely that government should be neutral between competing conceptions of the good.
 The Leventio Museum in Nicosia Cyprus is home to an extensive collection of Cypriot works include archaeological artifacts costumes photographs medieval pottery maps and engravings jewels and furniture.
 Bheemaa is a 2008 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by N. Linguswamy. It stars Vikram Trisha Krishnan Prakash Raj and Raghuvaran. The film score was by composer Harris Jayaraj shot by cinematographer R. D. Rajasekhar and edited by Anthony. The film was released on 14 January 2008 after two years of production delays to mixed reviews. The release coincides with the Thai Pongal harvest festival in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 The Rubicon is an underground river in the province of Liège in the northern-central part of Belgium. It flows through the Caves of Remouchamps where the world's longest underground trip by boat in a cave is possible (600 m).de:Höhle von Remouchamps
 Qalaman (Persian: قلمان‎ also Romanized as Qalamān) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 36 families.
 Elkhorn Creek is a 23.7-mile-long (38.1 km) tributary of the Tug Fork belonging to the Ohio River and Mississippi River watersheds. It is located in McDowell and Mercer counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia. Elkhorn Creek is also known as Elkhorn Fork and Elkhorn River.
 High Life is the second album by Frankie Miller. It was produced by Allen Toussaint who also composed seven songs on the album.
 Bruskowo Wielkie [brusˈkɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Słupsk and 113 km (70 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.In the 18th century Groß Brüskow had been a farm estate (German: Vorwerk) which belonged to the rural district around the town of Stolp called Amt Stolp.
 John Holden Gibson II (born 15 February 1959) is a Texas businessman and former senior official in the United States Department of Defense. He has been chief financial officer chief operating officer and managing director for several companies including a national consulting group. Gibson has served as Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Management Reform and as Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management and Comptroller.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: سيداباد‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād Saiyidābād and Seydābād; also known as Seyyedābād-e Nagnān) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 57 families.
 Pop Princesses 2009 is a compilation album featuring pop singles from female artists a sequel to the earlier Pop Princesses album. The songs date from between 2006 and early 2009. All of these songs have made it into the UK Singles Chart except Free. There are a few debut singles Free by artist Dani Harmer Just Dance by Lady Gaga and Sweet About Me by Gabriella Climi. The singles released in Pop Princesses 2009 are as followed:
 Mark Allan Goldsmith (born August 1952) is a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.
 First commissioned for the dragon quintet edited by Marvin Kaye Joust appeared as a short story along with In the Dragon's House by Orson Scott Card Judgment by Elizabeth Moon Love in a time of Dragons by Tanith Lee and Dragon King by Michael Swanwick.Joust (2003) is the first in a planned tetralogy by Mercedes Lackey. The books are set in a fictional version of Pharaonic Egypt.
 Patlekhet is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1697 people living in 345 individual households.
 Alien is a 1979 American science-fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott and starring Tom Skerritt Sigourney Weaver Veronica Cartwright Harry Dean Stanton John Hurt Ian Holm and Yaphet Kotto. The film's title refers to a highly aggressive extraterrestrial creature that stalks and kills the crew of a spaceship. Dan O'Bannon wrote the screenplay from a story he wrote with Ronald Shusett drawing influence from previous works of science fiction and horror.
 Šēnheida Manor also called Šengeida Manor (German: Schönheyden) is a manor house in Šengeida (Šēnheida) Daugavpils municipality Latvia in the historical region of Selonia.
 Crystal Days (クリスタルデイズ released on September 5 2007) is J-pop artist Mayumi Iizuka's 11th album.
 Pseudotropheus fainzilberi is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi. It can reach a length of 12.9 centimetres (5.1 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Volatile is the debut album by American metalcore band A Hero A Fake released on October 28 2008 through Victory Records. A music video for the album's single I Know I was produced by Scott Hansen and premiered on MTV2 on February 21 2009.
 The Shawshank Redemption is a 1994 American drama film written and directed by Frank Darabont and starring Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman.Adapted from the Stephen King novella Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption the film tells the story of Andy Dufresne a banker who spends 19 years in Shawshank State Prison for the murder of his wife and her lover despite his claims of innocence.
 Arenostola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Winter Comes Home was a live album credited to David Thomas and his Legs released in 1982 in which Thomas was supported by Chris Cutler and Lindsay Cooper. Trouser Press reports that the album mixes intellectual stand-up comedy with winning performances.
 Venur Dhananjay Kumar Alva is a former Union minister of India and a former Member of Parliament from Mangalore.Being a staunch loyalist of former Chief Minister of Karnataka B. S. Yeddyurappa he was recently elected as the president of the new Karnataka Janata Party after he was expelled from the Bharatiya Janta Party and from the post of the Special representative of the Government of Karnataka to the Union Government in New Delhi.
 Yerevan TV Tower is a 311.7-metre (1023 ft) high lattice tower on Nork Hill in Yerevan near city downtown Armenia. It was built from 1974 to 1977 as a replacement for the old 180-metre (590 ft) high TV tower at Yerevan. Currently being the highest point in the city it is one of the highest towers in the world.
 Brou's Underwing or Atocala Underwing (Catocala atocala) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Louisiana west to Oklahoma and north to southern Illinois.Adults are on wing from July to August. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Juglans cinerea and Juglans nigra.
 The Baxter County Courthouse is a courthouse in Mountain Home Arkansas United States the county seat of Baxter County built in 1941. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The building replaced another courthouse on the same site which was deemed unsafe in 1939.
 Tokyo Joe is a 1978 album by Ryuichi Sakamoto and guitarist Kazumi Watanabe. It is a compilation of tracks from the albums Thousand Knives (1978) Kylyn (1979) Kylyn Live (1979) and the track Tokyo Joe which appeared on a various artists anthology Tokyo-Paris-London-New York Dancing Night. The album was originally released in Japan in 1978 then re-released also in the Western countries in the 1980s.
 Lee C. Taddonio is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 TVTimes is a television listings magazine published in the United Kingdom by IPC Media a subsidiary of Time Warner. It is known for its access to television actors and their programmes. In 2006 it was refreshed for a more modern look increasing its emphasis on big star interviews and soaps. TVTimes belongs to IPC Media's family of television magazines within IPC Media's sub-group Connect.
 Piorunów [pjɔˈrunuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławów within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Władysławów 14 km (9 mi) north of Turek and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 36.
 Nowa Dąbrowa [ˈnɔva dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Dąbrowa within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Stara Dąbrowa 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 39 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 320.
 The Complete Last Concert is a double CD live album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded at Avery Fisher Hall in 1974 and released on the Atlantic label originally as a double album The Last Concert (1975) and More from the Last Concert (1981) before the complete edition was released in 1988.
 Cube Route is the twenty-seventh book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Spalgis tintinga is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Harry A History: The True Story of a Boy Wizard His Fans and Life Inside the Harry Potter Phenomenon is a 2008 book by writer and webmistress of The Leaky Cauldron Melissa Anelli. The book describes the Harry Potter phenomenon in detail. The book was published on November 4 2008 by Pocket Books and debuted at #18 on the New York Times paperback bestseller list. Notably the book features exclusive interview material and insights from Harry Potter author J.K.
 Doctor Who Magazine (abbreviated as DWM) is a magazine devoted to the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. Its current editor is Tom Spilsbury.It is the current Guinness Book of World Records holder of the longest running TV Tie-in magazine.
 The Dead Man's Knock first published in 1958 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr which features Carr's series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a locked room mystery.
 Piz da l'Acqua is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. The northern side of the mountain (Graubünden) is part of the Swiss National Park. The southern side of the mountain (Lombardy) is part of the Stelvio National Park. The mountain overlooks the Lago di Livigno on its eastern side.
 The William A. Glasner House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home that was constructed in Glencoe Illinois United States in 1905. Glasner led his sister Emma Pettit to Wright to design the Pettit Memorial Chapel as a memorial to her deceased husband Dr. William H. Pettit.
 The Ed Leith Cretaceous Menagerie is a museum in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. The museum is housed in the atrium area of the Wallace Building at the University of Manitoba. It is educational interactive and publicly accessible. The menagerie features complete skeletal replicas of four creatures. Three of the specimens are marine: a gigantic vicious fish the world's largest sea turtle and an enormous formidable mosasaur ('sea lizard').
 Faryadras (Persian: فريادرس‎ also Romanized as Faryādras) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Herminius Carl George Ludolf Minus Polak (12 May 1928 – 4 February 2014) was a Dutch lawyer politician and judge. As a politician Polak served at different times as a member of the municipal council of Rotterdam alderman of the same city and Senate of the Netherlands between 1966 and 1985 for the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy.
 Badri Ram Jakhar (born 9 September 1952) is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha the lower house of the Parliament of India from the Pali constituency. He is a Congress leader from Bhopalgarh and a businessman based in Jodhpur.
 Central School is a historic school building located at Ticonderoga in Essex County New York. It was built in 1906 and is a 2 1⁄2-story eleven-bay-wide by seven-bay-deep brick building with Jacobean Revival style features. The features include parapeted gables round arched entrances and a steeply pitched multi-gabled roof. A rear 1 1⁄2-story addition has a slate hipped roof. It was built on the site of the Academy Ticonderoga's first high school.
 Andrés de Santa Cruz y Calahumana (December 5 1792 Huarina Bolivia – September 25 1865 Beauvoir France) was President of Peru (1827) and Bolivia (1829-1839). He also served as Supreme Protector of the short-lived Peru-Bolivian Confederation (1836-1839) a political entity created mainly by his personal endeavors.
 The Brooklyn Eagle originally the Brooklyn Daily Eagle was a daily newspaper published in Brooklyn New York for 114 years from 1841 to 1955. At one point it was the most popular afternoon paper in the United States. Walt Whitman was its editor for two years. Other notable editors of the paper included Thomas Kinsella St. Clair McKelway Cleveland Rogers Frank D. Schroth and Charles Montgomery Skinner.
 Santa Corona is a medieval church located in Vicenza and contains the Valmarana chapel (circa 1576) whose design is attributed to the architect Andrea Palladio. Palladio himself is buried in this church.The church was founded by the Blessed (Beato) Bishop Bartolomeo di Breganze during the 1200s to house a thorn from the supposed relic of the crown (corona) of thorns forced on Jesus during his passion. The thorn had been given to this bishop as a gift from Louis IX of France.
 Matt Wingard is an American politician in the state of Oregon. He was appointed to fill a vacancy in the Oregon House of Representatives in 2008 and was elected to the seat in 2008 and re-elected in 2010. He represented District 26 which encompasses southeastern Washington County including Sherwood; and southwestern Clackamas County including Wilsonville. He did not seek re-election to a third term.
 The Măncuța River is a tributary of the Mancu River in Romania.
 The Vorberge (fore-hills or foothills) are a ridge up to 353 m above sea level high in the Lower Saxon Hills and within the district of Hildesheim in the German state of Lower Saxony. Together with the Sieben Berge and the Sackwald the Vorberge belong to the geological formation of the Sackmulde.
 American Splendor is a 2003 American biographical comedy-drama film about Harvey Pekar the author of the American Splendor comic book series. The film is also in part an adaptation of the comics which dramatize Pekar's life. The film was written and directed by documentarians Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini who share writing credit with Pekar and his wife Joyce Brabner.The film stars Paul Giamatti as Pekar and Hope Davis as Brabner.
 Jack Kirby's Galactic Bounty Hunters is a six-issue comic book limited series by Marvel's imprint Icon Comics and based on some of Jack Kirby's unpublished ideas.
 Betlijeh (Persian: بتليجه‎ also Romanized as Betlījeh; also known as Baltagh Belītjā Beltīcheh Beltījeh and Bīltījeh) is a village in Karchambu-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 84 families.
 Nasrollah Jahangard (born 1958 in Tehran) is an Iranian politician and expert manager appointed as the deputy minister of ICT and the head of Information Technology organization of Iran. Back in 1997 he had been the Deputy Minister of Post Telegraph & Telephone (PTT) for Development & Planning a ministry later renamed to Ministry of Communications and Information Technology.
 Volvarina atabey is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Geghama mountains (or Ghegam Ridge (variously transcribed into English as Gegam Ghegam Gegham Ghegham ISO 9985: Geġam)) Armenian: Գեղամա լեռնաշղթա (Gyeghama lyernashxt'a) are mountains in Armenia. is a tableland-type watershed basin of Sevan Lake from east inflows of rivers Araks and Razdan from north and west Azat and Vedi rivers from south-west and Arpachai river from south. The average elevation of the Geghama mountain range is near 2500m.
 Frank J. Christensen (April 17 1961) an American Labor Leader who is the General President of the International Union of Elevator Constructors. He was the longest-serving Business Manager of Elevator Constructors Local 2 in its history. and was the Chairman of the Illinois Elevator Safety Board from its inception in 2003 to 2013.
 Donna is the self-titled album by Filipino singer-actress Donna Cruz released in 1989 by Viva Records in the Philippines. Cruz recorded all the songs at the age of thirteen kaing her the youngest artist from Viva Records to record an album. Donna was generally well received by the public and has earned a double platinum certification. Cruz received an award for Best New Female Recording Artist at the 1992 Awit Awards.
 Barzabil (Persian: برزابيل‎ also Romanized as Barzābīl; also known as Barzabul) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 8 families.
 David Foster is a self-titled solo album released in 1986. The album is mainly instrumental with two duet-style songs featuring rare vocals from Foster himself. This work led to Foster receiving the Juno Award for Instrumental Artist of the Year in 1986 and 1987 and a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Instrumental Performance in 1986. Co-producer Humberto Gatica was also nominated for a Grammy Award in 1986 for Best Engineered Recording for this album.
 Phyllocnistis ramulicola is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from southern Great Britain and Portugal.The larvae feed on Salix cinerea Salix caprea Salix aurita Salix fragilis and Salix viminalis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a long corridor made in the bark running up or down and hardly widening.
 Doubleback: Evolution of R&B is the tenth studio album by American recording artist Joe. The album was released through Massenburg Media/RED Distribution on July 2 2013 in the United States. It debuted at number six on the US Billboard 200 and number one on the Billboard R&B Albums Chart selling 31500 copies.
 Kayısopran is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 52 people.
 Bates Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Middlesex in Yates County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1836 and is a one story five bay cobblestone building with a one story frame rear wing. The house is built of relatively rough and irregularly shaped sized and colored field cobbles. The farmhouse is among the nine surviving cobblestone buildings in Yates County.
 David Aiken Reed (December 21 1880 – February 10 1953) was an American lawyer and Republican party politician from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. He represented Pennsylvania in the United States Senate.
 Sayed Mohammad Ali Jawid or Said Mohammad Ali Jawid (born c.1951) is the leader of Harkat party Afghanistan. He was born in Polebaraq Mazar-e-Sharif in the Islamic calendar year 1330 (1951–1952 AD) in a poor and religious family. He completed his preliminary education in Afghanistan and moved to Najaf Iraq for higher education where he completed his doctoral in religious studies. He speaks Arabic and Persian fluently.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 Taeniostolella celophora is a species of sedge moths and the only species in the genus Taeniostolella. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1920. It is found in Brazil.
 Majerje is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Octaman is a 1971 monster film directed by Harry Essex. It follows an expedition team that becomes the target of a murderous humanoid octopus. The film has gathered a cult following.
 Portlaoise Prison (Irish: Príosún Phort Laoise) is Ireland's only high security prison. It is located in Portlaoise County Laois. It should not be confused with the Midlands Prison which is a newer medium security prison situated directly beside it.The prison was built in the 1830s making it one of the oldest still operating today in the Irish prison system.
 Sift the Noise is the debut album by Australian indie rock band Skipping Girl Vinegar. It was recorded in living rooms bedrooms kitchens and studios across Melbourne – as well as ‘The Lookout’ a beach shack in Aireys Inlet.
 The House at 847 Main Street North is located in West Hartford Connecticut. The house was built in 1777 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 10 1986.
 The John Jacob Astor Hotel originally known as the Hotel Astoria is a historic former hotel building located in Astoria Oregon United States and listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). It is one of the tallest buildings on the Oregon Coast and is a prominent landmark in Astoria. Constructed in 1922–23 the hotel opened in 1924 and initially was the city's social and business hub but soon was beset with a variety of problems and struggled financially for years.
 Destroyer of Worlds is the tenth studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It was released on 9 October 2001 through Black Mark Productions.
 The Rașca River is a tributary of the Moldovița River in Romania.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Ninth Annual Collection (ISBN 978-1-250-00354-6) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published on July 3 2012. It is the 29th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 The Stone Angel is a 2007 Canadian drama film written and directed by Kari Skogland. The screenplay is based on the 1964 novel of the same title by Margaret Laurence.
 Hozon Kagaku (保存科学) (lit. 'Conservation Science') is an annual open-access academic journal of conservation science particularly as applied to the Cultural Properties of Japan. It is published in Japanese with summaries in English by the Tokyo Research Institute for Cultural Properties.
 Thimmapur-M-Tadakod is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Child of Rage is a CBS Television movie made in 1992 starring Ashley Peldon and Mel Harris. The film is based on the true story of Beth Thomas who suffered from reactive attachment disorder as a result of being sexually abused as a child. The film was shot in Vancouver British Columbia with classroom scenes being filmed at Mary Hill Elementary School.
 The Ansonia Apartments located at 2221-23 Jones Street in the Midtown area of Omaha Nebraska. Built in 1929 in a period Revival/Arts and Crafts style the buildings were designated an Omaha Landmark on March 27 1984. It was added to the Drake Court Apartments and the Dartmore Apartments Historic District and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 10 1980.The Ansonia Apartment building was built in a U-shape that with end walls facing the street.
 Razband (Persian: رزبند‎; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Zarband Mazra‘eh-ye Amīr and Zar Band) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District Khalajastan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 The Lake Zumbro Hydroelectric Generating Plant is a dam owned by Rochester Public Utilities (RPU) of Rochester Minnesota. Built in 1919–1920 under supervision of Hugh L. Cooper the dam over the Zumbro River creates Lake Zumbro in Mazeppa Township Zumbro Township and Oronoco Township. This dam spans 440 feet (130 m) and is 55 feet (17 m) deep. Lake Zumbro covers 2000 acres (810 ha).
 The Pillows Presents Special CD is an EP released by The Pillows on October 18 1993. It was distributed for promotional purposes only and not available through regular retail channels.
 Lurking in Suburbia is a comedy motion picture about a writer living in his suburban hometown with his high school pals and trying to come to terms with his biggest fear… Growing up! It was discovered by Sundance Film Festival programmer Trevor Groth and went on to become a film festival favorite.
 En Vivo Vol. 2 (Eng.: Live Volume 2) is the second live album released by Marco Antonio Solís from El Teatro de Bellas Artes Puerto Rico on October 8 2001.
 The Road of Dreams is a book of poetry by crime writer Agatha Christie. It was published at her own expense by Geoffrey Bles in January 1925 priced at five shillings (5/-).
 Beautiful (Chinese: 美丽人生) is the fifth studio album of Fish Leong (Chinese: 梁静茹) released on February 12 2003.
 Acleros nigrapex the Powdered Dusky Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 Free Will Baptist Meetinghouse is a historic church on Main Street in Farmington Maine.It was built in 1835 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Church Times is an independent Anglican weekly newspaper based in London and published in the United Kingdom on Fridays.
 Phillippo Baptist Church  built 1827 is named after its founder and first minister Reverend James Phillippo a Baptist missionary who arrived in Jamaica in 1823. He campaigned for the abolition of slavery and for the establishment of Free Villages for emancipated slaves. The church is located on the corner of William and French Streets in Spanish Town Jamaica.
 Ton is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 The Cathedral of St. John and St. Finbar was the first Roman Catholic cathedral in Charleston South Carolina. Begun in 1850 and consecrated on April 6 1854 it was destroyed on December 11 1861 in a fire that ravaged much of Charleston. A new cathedral—the Cathedral of Saint John the Baptist built on the same site-was started on in 1890. It opened in 1907 and was completed in 2010.
 Couch-Artrip House also known as Longmeadow and The Holmwood is a historic home located near Southside Mason County West Virginia. It was built about 1830 and is a two story brick residence in a vernacular Greek Revival-style. It features an Italianate style front porch and one-story addition added about 1875. It also has a corbeled cornice composed of four brick courses.
 Latin Classics Mijares is the 6th compilation album by Mexican pop singer Mijares.
 The Hits is an out-of-print second compilation album and first wide-released greatest hits album from American country music artist Garth Brooks. Brooks first greatest hits album The Garth Brooks Collection was released three months earlier exclusively at McDonald's restaurants for a limited time to raise money for the Ronald McDonald Children's Charities. The Hits was released on December 13 1994 and was quickly deleted at Brooks' request.
 Lake Harmony is a dammed glacial lake and the village in Kidder Township Carbon County Pennsylvania United States which shares its name. The lake is drained by the Tobyhanna Creek which flows northwest into the Lehigh River. The village's zip code is 18624.
 Martians Go Home is a 1990 comedy film starring Randy Quaid. It was directed by David Odell and written by Charles S.
 Uduwella is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Cerobasis albipes is a species of Psocoptera from Trogiidae family that is endemic to Madeira.
 Besuchetia ceylanica is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae the only species in the genus Besuchetia.
 Desperate Character is the first solo album of British singer-songwriter Kirsty MacColl released in 1981. The album was re-released in March 1985 as Kirsty MacColl with three tracks replaced with other songs. The album has been remastered and received a CD release for the first time on 8 October 2012 on the Union Square Music label and features the original twelve track listing.
 Macroptila rotundata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1916. It is found in Colombia.
 Nasrullah Khan Khattak was a Pakistani politician from the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. He was born in 1928 in the village of Manki Nowshera District. He went to Aitchison College Lahore which at the time was known as Chiefs College. He was the Chief Minister of the province from the May 3 1973 to April 19 1977. He was also ambassador to Tunisia during his political career and one of the founding members of the PPP.
 Dancing the Dream is a 1992 book of poems and reflections by American superstar entertainer and recording artist Michael Jackson. His second book it followed his 1988 autobiography Moonwalk. Dancing the Dream was dedicated to both his mother Katherine and to Deepak Chopra. Its foreword was written by Jackson's friend actress Elizabeth Taylor. The book also contains an assortment of around 100 photographs of Jackson.Dancing the Dream was published by Doubleday on June 18 1992.
 The Chapel of the Most Holy Trinity at the United States Military Academy is a Catholic church and place of worship for many members of the United States Military Academy Corps of Cadets. Completed in 1900 it is the oldest chapel on the West Point campus in continual use although the 1836 Old Cadet Chapel moved in 1910 to West Point Cemetery is still in use for funeral services and weekly Lutheran denominational services. Most Holy Trinity Chapel was expanded in 1959.
 A House Like a Lotus (ISBN 0-374-33385-8) is a 1984 young adult novel by Madeleine L'Engle. Its protagonist is sixteen-year-old Polly O'Keefe whose friend and mentor Maximiliana Horne has sent her on a trip to Greece and Cyprus. As she travels Polly must come to terms with a recent traumatic event involving Max. The history of Polly's relationship with Max is told in flashback over the course of the novel.
 Witowice Dolne [vʲitɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Łososina Dolna 18 km (11 mi) north of Nowy Sącz and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 450.
 The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia is a 1981 film starring Kristy McNichol Dennis Quaid Mark Hamill and Don Stroud directed by Ronald F. Maxwell.It was very loosely inspired by the 1973 Vicki Lawrence song of the same name (it shares almost no plot elements with the original song). In 1981 Tanya Tucker recorded a different version for the film's soundtrack and new lyrics related to the plot of the film were written.
 The Azul River (Piquiri River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Ein Strom fließt durch Deutschland is an East German film. It was released in 1954.
 Abdelouahed Souhail (Arabic: عبد الواحد سهيل‎ - born 1946 Casablanca) is a Moroccan politician of the Party of Progress and Socialism. Since 3 January 2012 he holds the position of Minister of Employment and Vocational Training in Abdelilah Benkirane's government. On 9 February 1998 he was appointed by King Hassan II as the CEO of the CIH bank (French: Crédit Immobilier et Hôtelier) a position he held until 2004.
 Gavzan Mahalleh-ye Rudbast (Persian: گاوزن محله رودبست‎ also Romanized as Gavzan Maḩalleh-ye Rūdbast; also known as Gāv Zan Kolā and Gavzan Maḩalleh) is a village in Babolrud Rural District in the Central District of Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2036 in 547 families.
 The Farnborough Air Sciences Trust (FAST) museum holds a collection of aircraft wind tunnel and Royal Aircraft Establishment-related material. It is based in Farnborough Hampshire immediately adjacent to Farnborough Airfield on the A325 Farnborough Road.Part of the collection is housed in Trenchard House which includes a library an archive and a store. There are aircraft on display some of which have had significant design and/or development contribution from Farnborough.
 Kono Hi no Chime o Wasurenai (この日のチャイムを忘れない I don't forget this day's chime) is the 1st album by the Japanese female idol group SKE48. It was released in Japan on September 19 2012 by Avex Group.
 Honorable Mr. Justice Mukhtar Ahmad Junejo (Urdu: مختار احمد جونیجو) (Sindhi: مختار احمد جوڻيجو) is a former judge of The Supreme Court of Pakistan and former acting Chief Election Commissioner. He is the member of syndicate University of Sindh (Jamshoro) and The member of Lawyer Committee at SZABIST.Junejo was born at Village Paat Sharif in Sindh to a landlord Asmatullah Junejo.
 Gregory's Two Girls is a 1999 British film. It is the sequel to Gregory's Girl (1981) which also starred John Gordon Sinclair and was written and directed by Bill Forsyth. The movie received mixed reviews.
 Kangyi is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Antispila corniella is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Kuroko in 1961. It is found in Japan (Kyushu).The wingspan is 5–6 mm. The forewings are dark bronzy fuscous with brassy reflections becoming purplish reflections on the apical half. The basal area is shining leaden-fuscous and the makings are silvery-metallic with yellow or bluish reflections. The hindwings are pale fuscous with feeble purplish lusters. Adults appear from the end of July to August.
 Kokarje is a village on the right bank of the Dreta River in the Municipality of Nazarje in Slovenia. Traditionally the area belonged to the Styria region and is now included in the Savinja statistical region.The local church built on a slight elevation south of the settlement is dedicated to the Virgin Mary and belongs to the Parish of Rečica ob Savinji. It was first mentioned in written documents dating to 1453 but the building was extensively rebuilt in the 17th and 19th centuries.
 2nd Wave is the second full-length studio release from popular late-eighties soul trio Surface. The album was self-produced and released in 1988 on Columbia Records.A total of five singles were released from the disc: I Missed completely missed the Billboard Hot 100 while climbing to number 3 on the US R&B charts.
 George Mathews Jr. (September 30 1774 – November 14 1836) was a Judge of the Superior Courts of the Territory of Mississippi and the Territory of Orleans and Presiding Judge of the Louisiana Supreme Court from 1813 until his death in 1836. His ruling in Marie Louise v. Marot was cited as precedent by dissenting U.S. Supreme Court Justice John McLean in the 1856 landmark Dred Scott v. Sandford case.
 Bloomsburg Historic District is a national historic district located at Bloomsburg Columbia County Pennsylvania USA. The district includes 668 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 1 contributing object in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Bloomsburg. Notable non-residential buildings include the Carver Hall at the Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania (c. 1867) Courthouse town hall and St.
 The Nude Bomb (also known as The Return of Maxwell Smart or Maxwell Smart and the Nude Bomb) is a 1980 comedy film based on the television series Get Smart. It stars Don Adams as Maxwell Smart Agent 86 and was directed by Clive Donner. It was retitled The Return of Maxwell Smart for television.
 Jules Gaston Henri Carde (3 June 1874 - 10 July 1949) was a French colonial administrator who served as Governor General of French West Africa and then Governor General of Algeria.
 DC USA is an 890000-square-foot (83000 m2) retail development in the Columbia Heights neighborhood of Washington D.C. A Washington City Paper poll named DC USA the Best Designed Retail Space of 2009.The development is adjacent to the Columbia Heights station on the Yellow and Green Lines of the Washington Metro. It is also served by 10 bus routes and has a 1000-space parking garage.
 Kamikaze Taxi is a 1995 Japanese action and crime film by director Masato Harada. The film is about Tatsuo (Kazuya Takahashi) a gangster and pimp who sends out his only prostitute (Reiko Kataoka) to service a politician. When she returns beaten Tatsuo's girlfriend complains but is killed by crime boss Animaru (Mickey Curtis). Tatsuo seeks revenge as he and his gang vandalize the politician's house and steal money. In retaliation Tatsuo's bosses put a hit out on them.
 Wolli Creek an urban watercourse of the Cooks River catchment is located in the southern suburbs of Sydney in New South Wales Australia.
 Uturunku (Quechua for jaguar hispanicized spellings Uturunco Uturuncu) the highest summit in southwestern Bolivia is a stratovolcano located in the Potosí Department Sur Lípez Province San Pablo de Lípez Municipality. The volcano produced lava between 890000 and 271000 years ago with younger lavas found at higher altitudes.
 Churchill and the Generals is a 1979 BBC television videotaped play concerning the relationship between Winston Churchill and generals of the Allied forces set in the Cabinet Office and War Rooms between 1940 and 1945. It was written by Ian Curteis (with Peter Young as military advisor). It was first broadcast on BBC 2 on 23 September 1979 and repeated on BBC 1 on 22 August 1981.
 Agios Nikolaos is a village and former municipality of Achaia and municipal district of Larissou located on the border of the prefectures of Achaia and Ilia. The Municipal District Aghios Nikolaos Spata has a population of 539 inhabitants and includes San Nicolas (384 inhabitants) the village of Agios Konstantinos (140 inhabitants) and the Monastery of Saint Nicholas (15 inhabitants). The name of the village was Spata until 17 January 1957. The Monastery of St.
 Polar Geography is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on the physical and human aspects of the Polar regions. It is published by Taylor & Francis and was established in 1977. From 1980 to 1994 it was known as Polar Geography and Geology.
 Hemileucinae is a subfamily of the family Saturniidae.This subfamily contains the following genera:
 The Bob church (Romanian: Biserica Bob din Cluj Hungarian: Bob utcai görög katolikus templom) is the first Greek-Catholic church that was built in the city of Cluj Transylvania at that time part of the Austrian Empire. The name of the church comes from the Romanian noble Ioan Bob later bishop of the Romanian Greek-Catholic church who paid for the construction of the church.
 Unitarian Meetinghouse is a historic meetinghouse building at the junction of CT Route 169 and CT Route 6 in Brooklyn Connecticut.The church building was constructed in 1771 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. The building is owned and maintained by the Unitarian Universalist Society in Brooklyn CT. The UUSB are the direct successors of the first Unitarian congregation in Connecticut. Its first Unitarian minister Rev.
 Kathy J. Byron (born September 5 1953) is an American politician. Since 1998 she has been a Republican member of the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 22nd district in the Virginia Piedmont consisting of parts of Bedford Campbell and Franklin Counties and the city of Lynchburg.
 SM City Dasmariñas or simply SM Dasma/SM Pala-pala is a shopping mall owned by SM Prime Holdings. It is the second SM Supermall in the Cavite Province Philippines. It is located along Governor's Drive Brgy. Sampaloc 1 Dasmariñas City Cavite.
 Bazaria pempeliella is a species of snout moths in the genus Bazaria. It was described by Ragonot in 1893. It is found in Algeria Morocco Tunisia Egypt Afghanistan Jordan the Palestinian Territories Saudi Arabia Turkmenistan and the United Arab Emirates.
 Back n da Hood is a 1992 EP by hyphy Bay Area rapper Mac Dre. It was recorded live from Fresno County Jail and U.S.P. Lompoc over the phone. Its lyrics are about life in Fresno County Jail and about himself in early life. After his release from prison in 1997 he released Mac Dre Presents: The Rompalation. In late 1997 and early 1998 he recorded his second album Stupid Doo Doo Dumb. It was released April 28 1998.
 Thatababy is a daily humor comic strip created by Paul Trap launched on October 4 2010 and syndicated by Universal Uclick. The central characters are the titular baby and an unnamed Mom and Dad. Trap describes Thatababy as a parenting strip through the eyes of the baby. Before syndication Trap entered the strip in the Amazon Comic Strip Superstar contest where it drew praise from judges Lynn Johnston Garry Trudeau Mark Tatulli and Scott Hilburn.
 The Bay de Noquet Lumber Company Waste Burner is an industrial waste burner located at the south end of River Street in Nahma Township Michigan. It was built to burn waste wood and bark from the nearby sawmill; it is the only known example of this type of waste burner surviving in Michigan and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 Lake Mohawk is a private reservoir located about 1.5 mi (2.4 km) south of Malvern Ohio USA and 2.5 mi (4.0 km) east of Waynesburg Ohio. It resides in Brown Township and Harrison Township. The lake is relatively small being a private lake containing 0.7922 sq mi (2.052 km2) of water with a maximum depth of 30 ft (9.1 m). There is only one place to put in boats however there are 13 public access docks that can hold boats that can be rented for a fee.
 Pelentong River (Malay: Sungai Pelentong; Sungei Plintong and Sungei Plentong) is a river in Johor state Malaysia.
 Jančići is a village in the municipality of Čačak Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 204 people.
 Cryoshell is the self-titled debut studio album by Danish rock band Cryoshell released June 7 2010 by Voices Music & Entertainment. Produced by Jacob Hansen the album was recorded between late 2008 and early 2010 at Hansen Studios in Ribe Denmark. The band is known for having produced music as the soundtracks to Bionicle - a popular series of construction toys produced by Lego - from 2007 up until its cancellation in 2009 Lego was also partially responsible for the band's formation.
 In the Name of the People is a 1985 documentary film directed by Frank Christopher about the Salvadoran Civil War. The film follows four filmmakers who secretly entered El Salvador marched with guerrillas across the country and followed them into combat against government forces in San Salvador. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Made in the Shade released in 1975 is the first official compilation album by The Rolling Stones during their Atlantic Records contract. It draws entirely from their first four albums on that label.
 Rog (Hindi: रोग Urdu: روگ‎ translation: malady) is a 2005 Hindi-language Bollywood thriller film directed by Himanshu Brahmbhatt written by Mahesh Bhatt and produced by Pooja Bhatt. The film stars Irrfan Khan and former model Ilene Hamann in the lead roles. Its plot is based on the 1944 Hollywood suspense thriller Laura.
 State Correctional Institution – Waymart is a minimum-security correctional facility located outside of Waymart Pennsylvania in the extreme northeast corner of the commonmwealth. SCI Waymart also houses a unit (Forensic Treatment Unit) for mentally disabled males needing psychiatric care and treatment. The facility is located on the site of the former Farview State Hospital.
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Azghand Rural District Shadmehr District Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1076 in 271 families.
 McAlister Square is a repositioned shopping mall in Greenville South Carolina. It is a hybrid property containing a campus of Greenville Technical College.The mall opened in 1968 featuring anchor stores Ivey's and Meyers-Arnold. A Belk-Simpson department store was added in 1974 bringing the mall to approximately 500000 square feet (46000 m2) of leasable space. A Winn-Dixie grocery store movie theater and bank branch were outparcels.
 The Fiad River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania.
 Live at Montreux is the nineteenth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill a live album of a solo performance recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1975 and released on the Freedom label. The album features three of Hill's original compositions and one interpretation of a Duke Ellington tune.
 The Moment of Truth is a satire comedy drama play by Peter Ustinov written in 1951 telling the story of a republic which is about to fall while facing the threat of invading army with crippling government structure.Ustinov wrote the play inspired by French hero Marshal Petain and his political collusion with the Nazi's and the events resulting in creation of Vichy France. The play was first premiered at the Adelphi Theatre Adelphi in 1951.
 The Lockington Locks are a group of canal locks on the former Miami and Erie Canal in Lockington Ohio United States. Built beginning in 1833 the locks opened for regular use in 1845. The system consists of seven locks: six together at one end and a seventh at the southern end.
 Hannibal – Rome's Worst Nightmare is a 2006 television film presented as a dramatised documentary made by the British Broadcasting Corporation. It was narrated by Kenneth Cranham.The film is chiefly centred on the Italian campaign of Hannibal the famous Carthaginian general during the Second Punic War.
 The Haunting in Connecticut 2: Ghosts of Georgia is a 2013 psychological horror film that serves as a brother film to The Haunting in Connecticut by Gold Circle Films. The script was written by David Coggeshall and Tom Elkins served as director. It was released in a limited theatrical run and through video on demand on February 1 2013. The story was inspired by the events surrounding the Wyrick house of Ellerslie Georgia which were published in the book The Veil: Heidi Wyrick's Story.
 The Mahatma and the Hare: A Dream Story is a novel by H. Rider Haggard.
 Enlightened is a 2007 album by Dynamic Duo. This is Dynamic Duo's third album and was released on Compact Disc. This album features many guest artists including YDG Kero One and Brown Eye Soul's Na Ul among others.
 Complete Control Sessions is an online only live six-track EP by Flogging Molly. It was released by SideOneDummy Records on March 13 2007. It was initially only available through the iTunes Store but then was available for purchase as MP3s through Amazon.com starting January 8 2008.Two of the songs Requiem for a Dying Song and Float were previously unreleased and later appeared on Float (2008).
 Man of Two Worlds (1986) is a novel written by Brian and Frank Herbert.
 The Sarasa River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 New Multitudes is a Woody Guthrie tribute album performed by Jay Farrar Will Johnson Anders Parker and Yim Yames to commemorate the 100th anniversary of Guthrie's birth released through Rounder Records on February 28 2012. The project was initiated by Woody's daughter Nora Guthrie to have Farrar add music to her father's lyrics—specifically his earliest songwriting years in Los Angeles.
 The Lovely Fairywren (Malurus amabilis) is a species of bird in the Maluridae family. It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It was first described by the ornithologist John Gould in 1852 from a specimen collected by Captain Owen Stanley in Cape York. Its species name is the Latin adjective ămābǐlis lovable.
 The Engano River (Itajaí River) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Dranse is a French river in the department of Haute-Savoie that empties into Lake Geneva.The name Dranse comes from the former Drantia based on the hydronym dur- dora and the suffix -antia.
 Pollex kangeani is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from the Kangean Islands and Java.The wingspan is 8-9 mm. The forewing is brown suffused with black scales. The hindwing is unicolorous greyish-brown with an indistinct black discal spot and the underside unicolorous greyish-brown brown.
 A. F. Chapman House is a historic home located at Watkins Glen in Schuyler County New York. It was built in 1870–1873 in the Gothic Revival style and modified about 1888–1894. It is a 2 1⁄2-story High Victorian / Queen Anne–style building with a steeply pitched gable roof. It features a 3-story tower with Queen Anne style details.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Judith Borg Judy Biggert (born August 15 1937) is the former U.S. Representative for Illinois's 13th congressional district serving from 1999 to 2013. She is a member of the Republican Party.Biggert was defeated in her 2012 re-election bid by former US Congressman Bill Foster. Due to redistricting she ran in the reconfigured 11th congressional district.
 Urselbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Billboard Brasil is a monthly Brazilian magazine launched on October 10 2009 with a print-run of over 40000 copies. It is distributed nationwide by Brazil's biggest distributor Dinap. The Billboard charts printed in the magazine and on its website are accepted as Brazil's official charts.
 The Menara Great Eastern also known as Great Eastern Tower in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia is the headquarters of Great Eastern Life Assurance (M) Bhd a member of Great Eastern Holdings Ltd in Singapore.[citation needed]
 Joel G. Virador (born 5 March 1967) was a Filipino partylist representative for Bayan Muna in the 13th Congress of the Philippines. He is currently the party's Executive Vice President. Bayan Muna continues to oppose Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo's presidency on claims of corruption due to the Hello Garci controversy the fertilizer fund scam allegations over widespread human rights abuses including the State of Emergency in February 2006.
 The Banded Swallowtail Papilio demolion is a species of swallowtail butterfly found in Asia.
 Sławomir Nowak (born December 11 1974 in Gdańsk) is a Polish politician. He was elected to the Sejm on September 25 2005 getting 9061 votes in 25 Gdańsk district candidating from Civic Platform list.He was also a member of Sejm 2001-2005.Nowak served as head of the electoral staff of a candidate for President of Poland Bronisław Komorowski during the 2010 presidential election.From 18 November 2011 to 27 November 2013 he served as Minister of Transport Construction and Maritime Economy.
 Mian Darreh (Persian: ميان دره‎ also Romanized as Mīān Darreh) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 52 families.
 The Manatee River is a 36-mile-long (58 km) river in Manatee County Florida. The river forms in the northeastern corner of Manatee County and flows into the Gulf of Mexico at the southern edge of Tampa Bay. Wildlife in and around the river includes alligators herons manatees dolphins and fish such as bass bluegill catfish and gar. Bull sharks are occasionally found in the brackish water near its low-lying outlet. The river includes the Upper Manatee River Canoe Trail for paddlers.
 Anita Raynell Andreychuk (born August 14 1944) is a Canadian Senator lawyer and former judge and diplomat.
 Jefferson County Courthouse Complex is a courthouse complex and national historic district located at Watertown in Jefferson County New York. The district includes three contributing buildings; the courthouse building (1862) Clerk's Office (1883–1884) and Surrogate's Office (1905). The courthouse building is a two story red brick structure with limestone trim. It features a three story tower on the northwest corner.
 The Carpenter is a 1988 horror film directed by David Wellington and written by Doug Taylor.
 Lake Saltonstall is a long narrow lake located in south-central Connecticut. It covers an area of approximately 0.66 square miles (1.7 km2) and is nestled in the center of the trap rock Saltonstall Mountain. The lake is surrounded by forest and serves as part of the local water supply for surrounding towns.The lake and the area around it is owned by the South Central Connecticut Regional Water Authority a company which also regulates fishing and rents boats.
 Old Marine Hospital was designed by Robert Mills. Construction started in 1831 and was completed in 1833. It is a Gothic revival building at 20 Franklin St. in Charleston South Carolina. It was built for sick sailors and other transient persons. The City of Charleston undertook its operation in 1834. During the Civil War it was used for Confederate forces as well as seamen. It was badly damaged by Union bombardment.
 Virgilio Gil R. de los Reyes is the current Philippine Secretary of Agrarian Reform. Prior to assuming his post he was Vice Dean of the De La Salle University College of Law teaching constitutional law.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Brebu River in Romania.
 The Hotlum Glacier is a glacier situated on the northeast flank of Mount Shasta in the US state of California. It is the largest and most voluminous glacier in California although not as thick or long as the nearby Whitney Glacier. The Hotlum Glacier flows from a large cirque on the northeast side of Mount Shasta's main summit below the Hotlum Headwall at roughly 13600 ft (4100 m).
 Uncommon Ritual is the second album released by Sony Classical of string trios following Appalachia Waltz with unusual instrumentation and influences from bluegrass and folk music to create an Americana-style of traditional classical music. Uncommon Ritual adds jazz blues and elements from world music to the mix.
 The Heathcote River (Māori: Ōpawaho) lies within the city boundaries of Christchurch New Zealand and is fed from springs near Templetons Road and also receives wet weather flows from as far west as Pound Road. It meanders around the base of the Port Hills from west to south-east.
 Quantum on the Bay is a complex of skyscrapers in the City of Miami Florida United States. It is located just north of Downtown Miami in the Edgewater neighborhood. The complex consists of two main towers the Quantum on the Bay South Tower and the Quantum on the Bay North Tower. The South Tower the taller of the two rises 554 feet (169 m) and 51 floors high. The North Tower is 536 feet (163 m) tall with 44 floors.
 Kodomo no Jikan (こどものじかん lit. A Child's Time) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kaworu Watashiya. The story revolves around a grade school teacher named Daisuke Aoki whose main problem is that one of his students Rin Kokonoe has a crush on him. It was serialized between May 2005 and April 2013 in Futabasha's Comic High! magazine and is compiled in 13 volumes.
 The Church of Saints Peter and Paul in the Old Town district of Kraków Poland (Polish: Kościół ŚŚ Piotra i Pawła w Krakowie) is a Roman Catholic Polish Baroque church located at ul. Grodzka 54 street. It was built between 1597–1619 by Giovanni Maria Bernardoni who perfected the original design of Józef Britius. It is the biggest of the historic Churches of Kraków in terms of seating capacity. Since 1842 it serves the Catholic All Saints parish.
 The small Chapel of Sao Pedro de Balsemao is situated in the civil parish of Sé municipality of Lamego in the northern region of Portugal). It was a Visigothic sanctuary dating back to the 7th century although it has Baroque elements in particular in the South Gate and the western facade which adjoins a later residential building.
 The Latin American Art Museum of Buenos Aires (Spanish: Museo de Arte Latinoamericano de Buenos Aires MALBA) is a museum located on Figueroa Alcorta Avenue in the Palermo section of Buenos Aires.Created by Argentine businessman Eduardo Constantini the museum is operated by the not-for-profit Fundación MALBA – Constantini and was inaugurated on September 21 2001.
 Pomračenje sunca (English: Solar Eclipse) is the fourteenth studio album by Bosnian singer Lepa Brena released in 2000.This was her final of twelve albums with the band that she started her career with Slatki Greh.
 Right to Love is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice. It stars Mae Murray David Powell and Holmes Herbert. The film is based on the French novel L'Homme qui assassina by Claude Farrère and the play of the same name by Pierre Frondaie. A copy of the film is preserved in the Nederlands Filmmuseum.
 Doidae is a family of Lepidoptera. It is sometimes treated as a subfamily of the Notodontidae. Species have been placed in the Arctiidae Lymantriidae and the Dioptidae.The family includes about six species which are found in the south-western United States Mexico and neighbouring areas.Selected genera Doa (e.g. Doa ampla) Leuculodes (e.g. Leuculodes lacteolaria)
 Tiny Sepuku is a syndicated comic strip created by Ken Cursoe based around a character named Tiny Sepuku (usually addressed simply as Tiny by readers - every question starts with the salutation Dear Tiny) who answers questions from his readers and generally dispenses love advice. The humor is occasionally self-parodying where the author may make light of his own experiences and it is frequently cynical on the topic of love.
 Jis Desh Mein Ganga Behti Hai is a 1960 Hindi film directed by Radhu Karmakar and produced by Raj Kapoor. The film stars Kapoor Pran and Padmini in lead roles. This was the first directorial venture of Karmakar who had previously been cinematographer for many of Kapoor's films.
 In Search of Ahmad Shah Masood is an album by Muslimgauze.
 For the 1959 Audrey Hepburn film of this title see Green Mansions (film).Green Mansions: A Romance of the Tropical Forest (1904) is an exotic romance by William Henry Hudson about a traveller to the Guyana jungle of southeastern Venezuela and his encounter with a forest dwelling girl named Rima.
 Fruit is the debut album by Danish band The Asteroids Galaxy Tour. It was released on September 21 2009 in Europe and October 27 2009 in the US.
 Always Further On (Spanish: Tarahumara (Cada vez más lejos)) is a 1965 Mexican drama film directed by Luis Alcoriza. It won the FIPRESCI Prize at the 1965 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Mexican entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 38th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Abeh-ye Now (Persian: ابه نو‎ also Romanized as Ābeh-ye Now) is a village in Lajran Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 10 families.
 The Lunca River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Die You Zombie Bastards! is a 2005 American zombie comedy by directed by Caleb Emerson written by Emerson and Haig Demarjian and starring Tim Gerstmar Geoff Mosher and Pippi Zornoza. It is about a serial killer (Gerstmar) who must save his cannibal wife Violet (Zornoza) from zombies animated by Baron Nefarious (Mosher).
 Inape clarkeana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family and is endemic to Colombia.The wingspan is 11 millimetres (0.43 in). The ground colour of the forewings is pale yellow beige the distal half with a pale brown patch. There is a darker patch at the wing base. The hindwings are pale yellow with beige marbling.
 Criminal Court is a 1946 crime drama directed by Robert Wise. It stars Tom Conway and Martha O'Driscoll.
 Kolkowo [kɔlˈkɔvɔ] is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Gniewino 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania and Kolkau.
 Khanom Kan (Persian: خانم كن‎ also Romanized as Khānom Kon; also known as Khānam-i-Kūn Khanom Goon Khānom Gūn and Khānom Kohneh) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District Khav and Mirabad District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 42 families.
 Les Pléiades (1397 m) are a mountain of the Swiss Prealps overlooking Lake Geneva in the Swiss canton of Vaud. They are located north of Blonay.A railway connects Vevey and Blonay to a secondary summit (1361 m) of Les Pléiades. The railway is operated by the company Transports Montreux–Vevey–Riviera.
 Oliva xenos is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Motuti River is a short wide river in the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. More a silty arm of the Hokianga Harbour than a true river it flows south from the settlement of Motuti to reach the main channel of the Hokianga 10 kilometres west of Rawene.
 Thirst (Korean: 박쥐; Bakjwi; literally: Bat) is a 2009 South Korean horror film written produced and directed by Park Chan-wook. It is loosely based on the novel Thérèse Raquin by Émile Zola. The film tells the story of a Catholic priest—who is in love with his friend’s wife—turning into a vampire through a failed medical experiment. Park has stated This film was originally called 'The Bat' to convey a sense of horror. After all it is about vampires. But it is also more than that.
 The Simpson Memorial United Methodist Church is a historic Gothic Revival church in the Akron Plan style located on Harrison Street in Greenville Indiana United States. It was built in 1899 and designed by church plan catalogue architect Benjamin D. Price. It was also a work of Capt. John Nafius. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Pseudohemihyalea labecula the Freckled Glassy-wing is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Grote in 1881. It is found in southern Nevada Utah from Colorado to Arizona New Mexico and western Texas.The length of the forewings is 21-29 mm. Adults are on wing from July to early September.The larvae probably feed on Quercus species.
 The Râpa River is a tributary of the Cosău River in Romania.
 Antonio (Tony) Lupusella (born June 12 1944) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 to 1990. Originally a New Democrat he later crossed the floor to the Liberal Party.
 Arsène Paulin Pujo (born in Lake Charles Louisiana 1861; died 1939) was a member of the United States House of Representatives best known for chairing the Pujo Committee which sought to expose an anticompetitive conspiracy among some of the nation's most powerful financial interests (trusts).
 Terry is a pictorial biography of Terry Fox written by Canadian author Douglas Coupland in 2005 to commemorate the 25th anniversary of Fox's death in 1981.
 The North Bay Jail is a jail located in North Bay Ontario.The 121-bed maximum-security facility houses male and female offenders awaiting trial sentencing transfer to federal and provincial correctional facilities immigration hearings or deportation or serving sentences under 60 days.
 Elżbietów [ɛlʐˈbjɛtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Teresin within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Inland Dotterel (Charadrius australis) also known as the Australian Dotterel and sometimes placed in the monotypic genus Peltohyas is a medium-sized Charadriine plover.
 Cameriera bella presenza offresi... (Housemaid) is a 1951 Italian film directed by Giorgio Pastina. Federico Fellini was one of its scriptwriters.
 Miami is a 1987 book of social and political analysis by Joan Didion.Didion begins Havana vanities come to dust in Miami. The book is an extended report on the generation of Cubans who landed in exile in Miami following the overthrow of President Batista January 1 1959 and the way in which that community has connected to America and American politics.Granta writes Miami may be the sunniest place in America but this is Didion's darkest book.
 Kegen (Kazakh: Кеген) is a selo and seat of Raiymbek District in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan. Population: 9049 (2009 Census results); 8078 (1999 Census results).
 Chrysasura leopardina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Sulawesi.
 John Harris Whitmire (born August 13 1949) is the longest-serving of current members of the Texas State Senate representing District 15 which includes much of northern Houston since 1983. He tenure earns him the title of Dean of the Senate. Previously he was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1973 through 1982. He also served as the Acting Governor of Texas in 1993 as part of the Governor for A Day tradition.
 The Fascination of the Fleur de Lis is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. A print of the film survives in a private collection in the United Kingdom.
 Manhaengsan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 910 metres.
 Eilema brunnea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India (Sikkim).
 Dana Paani is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Deven Verma starring Ashok Kumar Mithun Chakraborty Padmini Kolhapure Nirupa Roy Kader Khan Prem Chopra Sadashiv Amrapurkar Aruna Irani Shafi Inamdar Asha Sachdev and Deven Verma
 Allen's river garfish (Zenarchopterus alleni) is a species of viviparous halfbeak endemic to West Papua in Indonesia. The Allen's river garfish was discovered in the Mamberamo River in Papua Indonesia. It is known from only one specimen. The specimen recovered measured 13 centimetres (5.1 in) SL in length and had 14 dorsal soft rays and 13 anal soft rays.
 Head Case is a 2007 pseudo-documentary film (cinéma vérité) horror film written and directed by Anthony Spadaccini.The film is presented as a collection of home movies from serial killers Wayne and Andrea Montgomery middle-class suburban residents of Claymont Delaware who film their sadistic crimes.
 Von der Decken's Hornbill (Tockus deckeni) is a hornbill found in East Africa especially to the east of the East African Rift from Ethiopia south to Tanzania. It is mainly found in thorn scrub and similar arid habitats. It often includes Jackson's Hornbill as a subspecies. It was named after the German explorer Baron Karl Klaus von der Decken (1833–1865).
 The Woman Next Door (French: La Femme d'à côté) is a 1981 French film directed by François Truffaut. The film was the 39th highest grossing film of the year with a total of 1087600 admissions in France.
 The Bălescu Mare River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică in Romania.
 The Pills Versus Planes EP is the debut release from Bloomington Indiana-based instrumental group Ativin.
 Khafr (Persian: خفر‎; also known as Khafār) is a village in Padena-ye Vosta Rural District Padena District Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1396 in 406 families.
 Buried Treasure is a 1926 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 47th Our Gang short subject released.
 The Etruscan Mask is a supernatural horror movie written and directed by Ted Nicolaou. Shot in Italy in 2006 the film was released in 2007.
 Lake Blue Ridge is a reservoir in Fannin County in the northern portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. The lake encompasses 3300-acre (1300 ha) of water and a full summer pool of approximately 1681 feet (512 m) above mean sea level.
 Yucatania sphaeroidocladus is a only one species of demosponge belonging to the genus Yucatania.
 The Swedish Theatre (Swedish: Svenska Teatern Finnish: Ruotsalainen Teatteri) is a Swedish-speaking theatre in Helsinki Finland and is located at the Erottaja (Swedish: Skillnaden) square at the end of Esplanadi (Swedish: Esplanaden). It was the first national stage of Finland.
 Joseph Lewis Jr. (1772 – March 30 1834) was an 18th-century and 19th-century politician and lawyer from Virginia.Born in Virginia Lewis served in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1799 to 1803. He was then elected a Federalist to the United States House of Representatives in 1802 serving from 1803 to 1817. There he served as chairman of the Committee on the District of Columbia from 1807 to 1809 and again from 1811 to 1813. Lewis returned to the House of Delegates in 1817 and 1818.
 Progress and Perfection is a promo album by Swiss electronic duo Yello released on 21 September 2007. It was not released on a label and was distributed by Audi officials on special events. The record was limited to 350 copies. Only the first two tracks have vocals; the others are instrumentals.
 Centruroides pallidiceps is a species of scorpion in Buthidae family. It is native to Mexico.
 Daddy Has a Tail is the second studio album by Minneapolis-based noise rock band Cows and their first to be released through Amphetamine Reptile Records in July 1989.
 The Colorless Shiner (Notropis perpallidus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in the United States.
 Amor en el aire (English language:Love in Flight) is a 1967 romantic comedy film a co-production between Spain and Argentina directed and written by Luis César Amadori with Jesús María de Arozamena.
 Liverpool Women's Hospital is a major obstetrics gynaecology and neonatology research hospital in Liverpool England. It is one of several specialist hospitals located within the Liverpool City Region; alongside Alder Hey Children's Hospital Liverpool Heart and Chest Hospital The Walton Centre and Clatterbridge Cancer Centre.
 Triviella ovulata common name baby's toes is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Triviidae the trivias.
 Paraptila is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Fletcherella is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Nee Thodu Kavali (Telugu: నీ తోడు కావాలి) is a 2002 Telugu Love film directed and produced by Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao.Under Sampada Creation. Deepak Charmi and Rimi Sen played the lead roles.
 The Midnight Chase is the third album by Swedish hard rock band Crucified Barbara. It was first released in Japan and Europe in 2012.The album was recorded in the Music-A-Matic Studio in Göteborg Sweden. It was produced by Chips Kiesby and mixed by Henryk Lipp.
 Crivitz is an impact crater on Mars. It is named after the small town of Crivitz in western Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. The crater has a diameter of 6.1 kilometers and is located at 14.5 deg south and 174.7 deg east within the larger crater Gusev.The name was proposed by Stephan Gehrke in 2002 at the time a research associate of the TU Berlin working on cartographic software and a visiting researcher at the United States Geological Survey.
 Khorramabad (Persian: خرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 31 families.
 Hotel Adelaide is a historic hotel at 13–21 High Street in Brookline Massachusetts. It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It is located within the Pill Hill neighborhood of Brookline.
 Historical Reflections (fr: Réflexions Historiques) is a peer-reviewed academic journal of history published by Berghahn Books. It publishes articles in both English and French and was established in 1974. The editor-in-chief is Linda Mitchell.The journal was published by the University of Waterloo from 1974 until 1989 then by Alfred University's Division of Human Studies until 2008 when it became a joint publication of Alfred University and Berghahn Books.
 The Springville Presbyterian Church at 251 S. 200 East in Springville Utah was built in 1892. It includes Late Gothic Revival Modified Late Gothic Revival and other architecture. It has also been known as Springville Community Presbyterian Church.
 Bathydomus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Playing with Fire is the fourteenth novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the multi award-winning Inspector Banks series of novels. The novel was first printed in 2004 but has been reprinted a number of times since.
 Perspectives in Biology and Medicine is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1957. It publishes essays that explore biology and medicine in relation to their place in society. Authors write informally presenting their perspectives as the title suggests. Topics covered are sometimes explicitly scientific but might also extend into areas of philosophy history pedagogy and medical practice. The journal is published quarterly by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 Belocephalus micanopy is a species of insect in family Tettigoniidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 The Old Martin County Court House built in 1937 is an historic Art Deco style courthouse building located at 80 East Ocean Boulevard in Stuart Martin County Florida. In 1989 it was listed in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture published by the University of Florida Press. On November 7 1997 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. On March 15 2007 it was added to the Martin County Historic Register by the Martin County Historic Preservation Board.
 Opalia is a taxonomic genus of small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Epitoniidae commonly known as wentletraps.
 Camillien HoudeCBE OStJ (13 August 1889–11 September 1958) was a Quebec politician a Member of Parliament and a four-time mayor of Montreal — one of the few Canadian politicians to have served at all three levels of government.
 Orange County is a 2002 American comedy film starring Colin Hanks and Jack Black. It was released on January 11 2002. The movie was distributed by Paramount Pictures and produced by MTV Films and Scott Rudin. The movie was directed by Jake Kasdan and written by Mike White.
 John Volz Sr. (1936 – February 12 2011) was a prominent lawyer from New Orleans Louisiana. He was the attorney for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana under President Jimmy Carter a Democrat and Presidents Ronald W. Reagan and George H.W. Bush both Republicans.Volz prosecuted reputed Mafia boss Carlos Marcello Louisiana commissioner of administration Charles E.
 Love and Lust inspired by Under the Tuscan Sun is a gay pornographic film directed by Lucas Kazan in 2005 and it is centered around three men and their sexual adventures in Tuscany.It was a Grabby Award nominee for Best Foreign Video and a GayVN nominee for Best Foreign Release and Best Videography.
 Puli Vesham is a 2011 Tamil-language action film written and directed by P. Vasu starring Karthik R. K. Sadha and newcomer Divya Vishwanath in lead roles. Puli Vesham released on 26 August 2011 to moderate reviews.
 John Canfield Spencer (January 8 1788 – May 17 1855) was an American lawyer politician judge and United States Cabinet secretary in the administration of President John Tyler.
 Jon Hinck (born January 9 1954) is an American environmentalist lawyer and politician. From 2006 to 2012 he served as a member of the Maine House of Representatives representing House District 118 part of Portland Maine. The non-partisan research group Maine Conservation Voters gives Hinck a score of 100% on its Environmental Scorecard. Hinck's law practice concentrates on mass tort litigation representing plaintiffs in pension plan investor consumer and environmental cases.
 Hoot Mon! is a 1919 American silent comedy film featuring Stan Laurel.
 Mordellistena xanthocephala is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Blair in 1922.
 Aenetus scotti is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from New South Wales and Queensland.The larvae feed on a wide range of trees and saplings including Dendrocnide excelsa Milletia megasperma Diploglottis australis Daphnandra micrantha Melicope micrococca Eucalyptus species and Lantana camara. They bore in the stem of their host plant.
 Something to Write Home About is the second full-length studio album by American rock band The Get Up Kids released on September 21 1999. The album was produced by The Get Up Kids themselves with co-producers Chad Blinman and Alex Brahl. Blinman also recorded and mixed the album with Brahl assisting with additional engineering. The album was a financial success peaking at #31 on Billboards Heatseekers 200 albums chart in North America and gathered a great amount of critical acclaim.
 Pandora (Chinese: 潘朵拉; pinyin: Pānduǒlā) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Angela Chang's third Mandarin studio album. It was released on 1 January 2006 by Linfair Records.
 St Laurence's Church Combe Longa is the Church of England parish church of Combe Oxfordshire England. Parts are 12th century.[citation needed] The nave dates from the late 14th century and is notable for its 15th century wall paintings. The church is part of the Benefice of Stonesfield with Combe Longa.The Wychwood Way long distance footpath passes the church.
 The Invisible Divorce is a 1920 American silent drama film released by Select Pictures and starring Leatrice Joy. The film's status is currently unknown suggesting that it is a lost film.
 The Sayre and Fisher Reading Room in Sayreville Middlesex County New Jersey United States was constructed in 1883 for recreational use and for showcasing the Sayre and Fisher Brick Company ornamental products. Also known as Sayreville Hall it was listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It served as the town's unofficial library.Sayre and Fisher Brick Company was established around 1850 by Joseph R.
 Phrynobatrachus hylaios is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is found in Cameroon Republic of the Congo possibly Angola possibly Central African Republic possibly Equatorial Guinea possibly Gabon and possibly Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens heavily degraded former forest and canals and ditches.
 Starting Now is the debut album of American country music artist Chuck Wicks. It was released on January 22 2008. The album debuted at number 24 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart selling about 20000 copies in its first week. Wicks co-wrote all but one of the songs.Stealing Cinderella which was released as the album's lead-off single on in September 2007 was a Top 5 hit on the Hot Country Songs charts. The album produced two more Top 40 hits with All I Ever Wanted and Man of the House.
 Exquisite Corpse is an album by Daedelus an American hip hop experimental and electronic artist. The album's title refers to the surrealist group drawing method exquisite corpse. The sample-heavy album features many more guests spots than usual helping to bring forth the hip hop influence of the album. Two separate versions of the album were released on Mush and Ninja Tune with both containing the same tracks but re-arranged in a different order.
 Okanagan Lake is a large deep lake in the Okanagan Valley of British Columbia. The lake is 135 km long between 4 and 5 km wide and has a surface area of 351 km².
 Now Dance 2002 was a compilation album released on 22 October 2001. The album is part of the (UK) Now! series and is a compilation of pop and dance hits in the UK Singles Chart in 2001.It reached number 1 for two weeks in the UK Compilation Chart selling over 100000 copies by the end of the year and was the 19th best selling compilation album of 2001. A follow-up Now Dance 2002 Part Two was released in March 2002.
 Hearts and Knives is the fourth studio album by the British pop group Visage. Released in May 2013 it is the band's first album of new material in 29 years.
 Oruj (Persian: اروج‎ also Romanized as Orūj; also known as Oruch Orudzh Owrūj Ūroj and Ūrūj) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District Siah Rud District Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 32 families.
 Le Journal du Dimanche (English: Sunday's newspaper) is a French weekly newspaper. It is only published on Sundays.
 The Mary Willis Library is a historic public library located in the city of Washington in the U.S. state of Georgia. The library located at 204 East Liberty Street (corner of East Liberty and South Jefferson) in downtown Washington is the designated public library for Wilkes County and headquarters of the Bartram Trail Regional Library System. Built in 1889 in red brick and featuring Tiffany glass the Mary Willis Library was listed with the U.S.
 Caloptilia peltophanes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Syndle is a lake in the municipality of Grimstad in Aust-Agder county Norway. It's located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northwest of the city center of Grimstad in the Landvik area. Syndle has an area of about 6 square kilometres (2.3 sq mi) and flows into a small river on the northeast part of the lake which connects it to the neighboring lake Rore which eventually flows into the Nidelva river.
 Audubon's Shearwater (Puffinus lherminieri) is a common tropical seabird in the petrel family. Sometimes known as the Dusky-backed Shearwater the specific epithet honours the French naturalist Félix Louis L'Herminier.Certain populations are known variously as Baillon's Shearwater or Tropical Shearwater Bannerman's Shearwater Mascarene Shearwater and Persian Shearwater; some of these are considered distinct species by various authors. If they are all placed in P.
 Beyond Therapy is a 1987 American comedy film written and directed by Robert Altman based on the play of the same name by Christopher Durang.
 Acrolophus dictyopsamma is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Poverty A Study of Town Life is the first book by the sociological researcher social reformer and industrialist Seebohm Rowntree published in 1901. The study widely considered a seminal work of sociology details Rowntree's investigation of poverty in York England and the subsequent implications that arise from the findings in regard to the nature of poverty at the start of the 20th century. It also marks the first usage of a poverty line in sociological research.
 Nammal is a blockbuster Malayalam movie released in 2002. It is directed by the notable director Kamal and produced by David Kachapalli. The movie stars Jishnu Siddharth Renuka Menon and Bhavana. It is best known for its award winning song Sukamanee Nilavu sung by Vidhu Prathap and Jyotsana. The movie was shot in the campus of Government Engineering College Thrissur and Holy Trinity School Palakkad.Other members of the cast include Vigeesh and Innocent.
 Teenage Drug is the second album from Irish band The Sultans Of Ping FC. It was released in March 1994 and reached #54 in the UK album chart.
 Untie Yourself is Taxi Violence's first studio album.
 The Informer (Serbian: Дневни лист Информер Dnevni list Informer) is a daily tabloid newspaper published in Belgrade Serbia that is affiliated with the Serbian Progressive Party (SNS).
 Akbar Khan Bugti (Urdu Balochi: نواب اکبر شہاز خان بگٹی) (July 12 1927–August 26 2006) was the Tumandar (head) of the Bugti tribe of Baloch and served as Minister of State for Interior and Governor of Balochistan Province in Pakistan.After a wave of armed struggle started in Balochistan in 2004 Bugti was widely perceived as the leader but went underground in 2005. On August 26 he was killed in his cave in Kohlu about 150 miles east of Quetta leading to widespread unrest in the area.
 James Benjamin Peake (born June 18 1944) is a former United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs serving from 2007 to 2009. In 2004 he retired from a 38-year United States Army career. He also served as the 40th Surgeon General of the United States Army.
 The Back River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Chwalibogowo [xfalibɔˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Strzałkowo 6 km (4 mi) south-west of Słupca and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Spotted Rail (Pardirallus maculatus) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family.It is found in Argentina Australia Belize Bolivia Brazil Cayman Islands Chile Colombia Costa Rica Cuba the Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador French Guiana Guyana Haiti Jamaica Mexico Panama Paraguay Peru Suriname Trinidad and Tobago the United States Uruguay Venezuela and possibly Honduras.Its natural habitat is swamps.
 Réquiem para Laura Martin is a 2011 Brazilian drama film directed by Luiz Rangel and Paulo Duarte starring Anselmo Vasconcelos Claudia Alencar and Ana Paula Serpa.The film premiered at the 39th edition of the Gramado Film Festival winning the awards for best direction and best actress for Claudia Alencar at the Festcine Petrópolis.
 West Fork Little Thompson River is a tributary of the Little Thompson River in northern Colorado. It flows from a source in Roosevelt National Forest southwest of Twin Sisters Peaks to a confluence with the Little Thompson.
 Chrzanowo [xʂaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Opinogóra Górna 3 km (2 mi) east of Ciechanów and 77 km (48 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Adagio is the fourth album of Sweetbox and the third album with Jade Villalon as frontwoman. It was released in 2004 in two different versions. One was released in Japan debuting at #3 and the other was released in Europe South Korea and Taiwan. The album was heavily inspired by world music with songs sampling music originating from around the globe. The album also saw a hip-hop influence furthered by guest vocalist RJ.
 Angel/Dust Neo (エンジェル/ダスト neo Enjyeru/Dasuto neo) the sequel to Angel/Dust is a manga created by Aoi Nanase. In this manga Aoi Nanase revisits the elements of her earlier manga to craft a new story of the harem genre. It was originally serialized in Newtype and the collected volume was released on November 1 2003. ADV Manga has licensed this manga for publication in English.
 Cumbal is a stratovolcano located in Nariño Department Colombia. It is the southernmost historically active volcano of Colombia.The volcano was the crash site of TAME Flight 120 which crashed in one of its hills while approaching Tulcán on January 28 2002. There were no survivors.
 Pattalam (English: Crew) is a Tamil language film released in 2009. It stars Nadiya Moidu who plays the role of a school correspondent and psychiatrist who is very close to 9 school going youngsters who are having a blast enjoying their teenage years without any commitments to burden them. Produced by Thirupathi Brothers company.
 The Star Weekly magazine was a Canadian periodical published from 1910 until 1973. The Star Weekly was read widely in rural Canada where delivery of daily newspapers was infrequent. Founded as the Toronto Star Weekly by Joseph E. Atkinson as a Canadian equivalent of British Sunday editions it began as a 16-page publication.
 Mask is the seventh studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Aco released on 22 February 2006. It is a mini-album consisting of six songs and with a total playing time of 25 minutes.Mask marks a significant transition in Aco's style from ambient electronic sounds of her previous two albums Material and Irony to lighter electro-pop music.Track 3 is a cover of the song of the same name by The Waitresses.
 Hystrichophora is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Shopaholic and Sister (2004) is a chick-lit novel by Sophie Kinsella a pseudonym of Madeline Wickham. It is the fourth book in the Shopaholic series. It follows the story of Becky Brandon (née Bloomwood) and her husband Luke as they return from their ten-month long honeymoon.
 The Castle in the Attic is a children's fantasy novel by Elizabeth Winthrop first published in 1985. The novel has won the Dorothy Canfield Fisher Children's Book Award and the California Young Reader Medal. It has also been nominated for twenty-three state book awards.
 The Porcăreața River is a tributary of the Prislop River in Romania.
 Adrikatte is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hosadurga taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 The Pitcher-Goff House is an historic site on Walcott Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The house was built for Elias B. Pitcher a cotton manufacturer in 1840. Later it was sold to Lyman B. Goff. Goff added the front portico in the 1880s. In later years the home was headquarters of the American Red Cross and the Boy Scouts; in 1970 it housed the Rhode Island Children's Museum. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Untamed or Untamed Woman (あらくれ Arakure) is a 1957 Japanese drama film directed by Mikio Naruse. It was Japan's submission to the 30th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Rufus M. by Eleanor Estes is the third novel in the children's series known as The Moffats. Published in 1943 it was a Newbery Honor book. The title character is the youngest of four children growing up in a small town in Connecticut in 1918.
 Not Enough Night is the sole album by indie rock band Kubichek!. It was released in the UK on 19 March 2007. The title is taken from the chorus of the song Nightjoy.
 Hypocosmia definitalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypocosmia. It was described by Ragonot in 1891 and is known from Venezuela.
 Wilhelm Niklas (24 September 1887 - 12 April 1957) was a German academic and politician who was the first minister of food agriculture and forestry of the German Federal Government in in Konrad Adenauer's first cabinet.
 Wyatt Earp: Return to Tombstone is a 1994 independent film starring Hugh O'Brian as Wyatt Earp featuring new footage mixed with colorized sequences from O'Brian's 1955-1961 television series The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp. The supporting cast for the new footage includes Bruce Boxleitner Paul Brinegar Harry Carey Jr. Bo Hopkins and Don Meredith.
 Sugar Grove is a village in Fairfield County Ohio United States. The population was 426 at the 2010 census.
 Cyiza is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1864 and contains the species C. punctalis. It is found in Malaysia.
 MullMuzzler 2 (also known as James LaBrie's MullMuzzler 2) is the second studio album by Dream Theater singer James LaBrie and his band MullMuzzler released on September 11 2001 through Magna Carta Records
 Bagverdi-ye Sofla (Persian: بگوردي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bagverdī-ye Soflá) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 62 families.
 Susan Westrom is a Democratic Party member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 79 since 1998.
 Acrolepiopsis postomacula is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Matsumura in 1931. It is found in Japan.The wingspan is 10.5–12 mm. The forewings are dark purplish-fuscous with some scattered whitish scales. The hindwings are pale grey but darker posteriorly.The larvae feed on Hosta lancifolia.
 The Daily Post is a revival of the original Palo Alto Daily News founded in 2008 by the Daily News’ founders Dave Price and Jim Pavelich. The Post is published Monday-Saturday and distributed in more than a dozen communities on the San Francisco peninsula.
 Teenage Jesus is the debut diy release from One Member Synth-Punk Band The Emotron.
 Elbeyli is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°41′N 34°01′E it is inj the forests of Toros Mountains. Distance to Erdemli is 46 kilometres (29 mi) and to Mersin is 82 kilometres (51 mi). The population of Elbeyli was 516 as of 2011. The village was founded in 1800s by Turkmen people. The main econoımic activity of the village is farming. Tomato cucumber and beans are produced.
 Lytechinus williamsi the jewel urchin is a sea urchin in the family Toxopneustidae. It occurs on shallow reefs off the coasts of Panama Belize the Florida Keys and Jamaica.
 Joaquim Teófilo Fernandes Braga (Portuguese pronunciation: [tiˈɔfilu ˈbɾaɡɐ]; 24 February 1843 – 28 January 1924) was a Portuguese writer playwright politician and the leader of the Republican Provisional Government after the abdication of King Manuel II as well as the second elected President of the First Portuguese Republic after the resignation of President Manuel de Arriaga.
 StillNo1 is the seventh album by German indie rock band Slut. It was released on January 25 2008.
 The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana (original Italian title: La Misteriosa Fiamma della Regina Loana) is a novel by Italian writer Umberto Eco. It was first published in Italian in 2004 and an English language translation by Geoffrey Brock was published in spring 2005.
 Montenegrina is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae the door snails all of which have a clausilium.
 The Great Explosion is a satirical science fiction novel by Eric Frank Russell first published in 1962. The story is divided into three sections. The final section is based on Russell's famous 1951 short story ...And Then There Were None. Twenty-three years after the novel was published it won a Prometheus Hall of Fame Award.
 Yalnız is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 Eugeniusz Kłopotek (born 15 November 1953 in Chojnice Poland) is a Polish politician who is a member of the Sejm of Poland (1997-2005 and since 2007) member of the European Parliament (2004) and member of the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Regional Assembly (2006-2007).Between 1982 and 1988 he was a Head of Gmina Warlubie (Polish: Naczelnik Gminy Warlubie); currently Vogt (Wójt). Until 1990 he working in Bydgoszcz Voivodeship Office as vice-director of the Department of Agriculture.
 Historical Atlas of the World is a historical atlas that contains 108 color maps showing religious boundaries countries cities buildings army movements and expeditions. It contains an index to place peoples historical and military events and explorers.
 Hajiya Turai Umar Musa iar'Adua (born July 1957) is the widow of former Nigerian President and former Katsina State Governor Umaru Musa Yar'Adua. She served as the First Lady of Nigeria from 2007 until the death of her husband President Yar'Adua on May 5 2010.
 Hanging Rocks are perpendicular cliffs rising nearly 300 feet (91 m) above the South Branch Potomac River in Hampshire County in the U.S. state of West Virginia. Hanging Rocks are located four miles (6 km) north of Romney at Wappocomo on West Virginia Route 28. Hanging Rocks has also been known throughout its history as Painted Rocks and Blue's Rocks.
 HM Prison Preston is a Category B men's prison located in the St Matthew's area of Preston in Lancashire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Adam a novel by renowned author Ted Dekker was released on April 1 2008. This book is not directly tied to any others as many of Dekker's novels are.
 The Gehry Residence is Frank Gehry's own house. It was originally an extension designed by Gehry and built around an existing house. It makes use of unconventional materials such as chain link fences and corrugated steel.It is sometimes considered one of the earliest deconstructivist buildings although Gehry himself denies that it was deconstructivism.The Gehry Residence is located in Santa Monica California.
 Formicoxenus quebecensis is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae. It is endemic to Canada.
 Dren (Serbian: Дрен) is a village situated in Lazarevac municipality in Serbia.
 Nanjung Ilgi or War Diary of Yi Sun-sin is the personal diary of Korean Admiral Yi Sun-sin (Hangul: 이순신 Hanja: 李舜臣) during the Joseon Dynasty. It was written between January 1 1592 and November 17 1598 by the Admiral himself. It directly explains the Seven Years' War in the Admiral's perspective.It is the 76th national treasure of Korea and listed in UNESCO's Memory of the World registry.
 Suez is an American film released on October 28 1938 by 20th Century Fox with Darryl F. Zanuck in charge of production directed by Allan Dwan and starring Tyrone Power Loretta Young and Annabella. It is very loosely based on events surrounding the construction between 1859 and 1869 of the Suez Canal planned and supervised by French diplomat Ferdinand de Lesseps.
 John G. Levi was nominated to serve on the Board of Directors of the Legal Services Corporation by President Barack Obama on August 6 2009 and his nomination was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on March 19 2010. He was elected Chairman of the LSC Board by his fellow Board members on April 7 2010.Levi a partner at Sidley Austin played a pivotal role in Obama’s younger days.
 The Armería River is a river of Mexico.
 Roberto Madrazo Pintado (born July 30 1952) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He was the candidate of the alliance between his party and the Ecologist Green Party of Mexico (PVEM) in the 2006 Mexican presidential election.
 Kitty Jay is a music album by Seth Lakeman published in 2004. It is his second album that he published as a principal performer. It was shortlisted for the Mercury Music Prize for 2005. All of these songs have been written and inspired by stories and legends from Dartmoor where Lakeman was brought up and still resides.
 Anguidae is the name of a large and diverse family of lizards native to the Northern Hemisphere. The group includes the slowworms glass lizards and alligator lizards among others. The family is divided into three subfamilies and contains 94 species in eight genera.
 The Chad House which was built by John Wyeth Jr. for John Chads (also spelled Chadds) is located in Chadds Ford Delaware County Pennsylvania. The house was built after 1712 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 11 1971. John Chad's widow Elizabeth stayed in the house while it was in the line of fire during the Battle of Brandywine.
 1999 is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Prince. It released on October 27 1982 by Warner Bros. Records. The album was his first top ten album on the Billboard 200 chart in the United States (peaking at number 9) and became the fifth best-selling album of 1983 and was certified 4 times Platinum by RIAA. 1999 was Prince's breakthrough album but his next album Purple Rain would become his most successful.
 The Patagonia Mountains is a 15 mile long mountain range south of the Santa Rita Mountains. Sonoita Creek flows in the valley north of the Patagonias. Both ranges are east of the Santa Cruz River Valley. Nogales Arizona and Nogales Sonora lie to the southwest of the Patagonias; the continuation of the Patagonia Mountains extends southwards into Mexico and are named Sierra San Antonio a mountain range of about 10 miles but tapering into lower elevations.
 Spirit is a 2012 Malayalam film written and directed by Ranjith. The film primarily focuses on the increasing habits of alcoholism in Kerala. It stars Mohanlal Kaniha and Shankar Ramakrishnan in the lead roles while Madhu Lena Abhilash Nandu Kalpana and Thilakan play notable supporting roles. The film released on 14 June to mixed to positive critical reviews.
 Hagerstown Historic District is a national historic district at Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. The district contains the downtown commercial and governmental center as well as several surrounding urban residential neighborhoods and industrial areas. It includes the original plat of Hagerstown laid out in the 1760s as well as areas of expansion that developed generally prior to or just after the turn of the 20th century.
 Doc at the Radar Station is the eleventh studio album by Captain Beefheart and the Magic Band released in August 1980 to favorable reviews. Although about half of the album's songs are based on old musical ideas Mike Barnes states that most of the revamping work built on skeletal ideas and fragments that would have mouldered away in the vaults had they not been exhumed and transformed into full-blown totally convincing new material.
 Lansdale Ghiselin Sasscer Jr. was a member of the Maryland House of Delegates first elected in 1954.He is the son of former President of the Maryland Senate and the United States House of Representatives for seven terms from 1939–1953 Lansdale SasscerDuring World War II Sasscer served in the United States Coast Guard.
 Birpurush is a poem written by Rabindranath Tagore. The poem depicts a child fantasising that he saves his mother from dacoits.In the evening when the sun is set they reach a barren place. There is not a single soul there. Even the cattle have returned home. Plodding silence reigns there. The mother is a bit afraid and wonders where they have arrived! The child assures her and tells there is small river ahead. The mother sees a shimmering light and asks her son about it.
 The Deița River is a tributary of the Deia River in Romania.
 Ruzrak (Persian: روزرك‎ also Romanized as Rūzrak and Rūzarak) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 14 families.
 Jose Marcelino Rubio Jr. known as Joe Rubio Jr. (born July 22 1954) is the former district attorney (DA) for Webb and Zapata counties in south Texas USA. Rubio holds the record as the longest serving DA for the 49th Judicial District. Rubio became DA on January 1 1989.
 Tellioğlu Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Earnewâld (Dutch: Eernewoude) is a small village in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 418 citizens (2008). A windmill De Princehofmolen is maintained as a landscape feature.
 Jackson Hunter Miller (born April 30 1967) is an American politician. Since 2006 he has served in the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 50th district made up of the city of Manassas and part of Prince William County in the suburbs of Washington D.C.
 Still Blazin is reggae dancehall artist Capleton's eighth studio album.It was released on February 26 2002. The album is a mix of dancehall and reggae.
 The Samuel Ireland House is a historic house at 117 Washington in Somerville Massachusetts. The 1.5 story vernacular cottage was built c. 1792 by Samuel Ireland a farmer. It is the oldest documented house in eastern Somerville and one of the oldest in the city.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Pic du Gar is a mountain of the Pyrenees It is located near Saint-Béat Haute-Garonne département in the Comminges natural region. This limestone mountain has an altitude of 1785 metres (5856 ft) above sea level.Despite its relatively low altitude the Pic du Gar like the Pic de Cagire is a well-known summit of the Haute-Garonne. Its imposing silhouette dominates the high valley of the Garonne after flowing from the Val d'Aran.
 Root was a multimedia project based around 25 one minute guitar pieces improvised by Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth. These samples were sent out to around 100 people - both visual artists as well as musicians - in Hoover bags to remix or create accompanying artwork for.
 Weggentalbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 His Private Secretary is a 1933 American comedy film starring Evalyn Knapp and John Wayne.
 James Carroll's Constantine's Sword or Constantine's Sword is a 2007 historical documentary film on the relationship between the Catholic Church and Jews. Directed and produced by Oscar-nominated filmmaker Oren Jacoby the film is inspired by former priest James P. Carroll's 2001 book Constantine's Sword.
 Exelastis boireaui is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Lake Hillcrest is a lake in Madison County Illinois United States.
 Perkin Transactions is a scientific journal devoted to organic chemistry published from 1997 to 2002 by the Royal Society of Chemistry. It was split into Perkin Transactions I and Perkin Transactions II. The predecessor journals published by the Chemical Society before the merger of that Society with other Societies to form the Royal Society of Chemistry were the Journal of the Chemical Society Perkin Transactions 1 and Journal of the Chemical Society Perkin Transactions 2 (1972-1996).
 Fort Herkimer Church is a historic church in East Herkimer New York.It was built in 1767 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Sir Denis Arthur Hepworth Wright GCMG (23 March 1911 – 18 May 2005) was a British diplomat. A long-serving ambassador to Iran Wright's expertise and knowledge of Iran and Persian culture led him to write and edit several books on the region as well as conduct a covert mission to inform the deposed Shah of Iran that he would not be granted asylum in Britain.
 Koprzywna [kɔˈpʂɨvna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Biała Rawska 19 km (12 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Another Mother or De Nieuwe Moeder is a 1996 Dutch film directed by Paula van der Oest.
 Robert A. Geisler (July 19 1925 – April 7 1993) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 State Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. The district consists of the last surviving continuous row of 19th century masonry commercial buildings within Rochester's Inner Loop. They were developed between 1825 and 1900 and the row forms an unpretentious unbroken wall of 12 buildings.
 The California Club is a private social club established in 1888 in downtown Los Angeles the second-oldest such club in Southern California. Its building was erected in 1929 and 1930 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Hłomcza [ˈxwɔmt͡ʂa] (Ukrainian: Гломча Hlomcha) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok within Sanok County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Sanok and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 310.
 Montreux '75 is a 1975 live recorded album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by a trio led by the pianist Tommy Flanagan.This is one of four albums that Ella recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival and it was Ella's first appearance at Montreux to be released on record.
 The Raherna River is a headwater of the Fântâna Albă River in Romania.
 Farewell Summer is a novel by Ray Bradbury published on October 17 2006. It was his last novel released in his lifetime. It is a sequel to his 1957 novel Dandelion Wine and is set during an Indian summer in October 1929. The story concerns a mock war between the young and the old in Green Town Illinois and the sexual awakening of Doug Spaulding as he turns 14.
 The News Reporter is a broadsheet semi-weekly (Monday and Thursday) newspaper based in Whiteville North Carolina. The paper was founded in 1896 and serves Columbus County North Carolina United States. The News Reporter won the Pulitzer Prize in 1953 shared with the Tabor-Loris Tribune for reporting of Ku Klux Klan activities in Columbus County.
 Henry Augustus Connell was a Canadian businessman and politician who was Mayor of Woodstock New Brunswick and a member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick.
 Tian Kong (天空) known as Sky in the English-speaking world is the ninth studio album (her second album in Mandarin) recorded by Chinese singer Faye Wong when she was based in Hong Kong. It was released on November 10 1994.
 Haldighati is a mountain pass in the Aravalli Range of Rajasthan in western India. It connects Rajsamand and Pali districts 40 kilometres from Udaipur.
 Kamrud (Persian: كامرود‎ also Romanized as Kāmrūd) is a village in Seh Qaleh Rural District Seh Qaleh District Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Paranoia is a 1953 short story collection by the Dutch writer Willem Frederik Hermans. The titular story was adapted into the 1967 film Paranoia directed by Adriaan Ditvoorst.
 Ben Glardon is a Republican politician from Michigan currently serving in the Michigan House of Representatives.Prior to his election to the Legislature Glardon was president of Glardon Auction Service. He has been a licensed Realtor since 1983.
 Stegna [ˈstɛɡna] (German Steegen) is a village in Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Stegna. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1793 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Laws of Gravity is a 1992 American crime drama film directed by Nick Gomez and starring Peter Greene.
 Le sette folgori di Assur (English title: War Gods of Babylon) is a 1962 Italian film set in the ancient Middle East which anachronistically portrays several figures as contemporaries who historically lived hundreds of years apart.This film was directed by Silvio Amadio.
 In the Line of Duty 4: Witness (aka In the Line of Duty) is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by Yuen Woo-ping starring Donnie Yen Michael Wong and Cynthia Khan. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 21 July 1989.The film is nominally part of the loosely connected In the Line of Duty and Yes Madam! series. The alternative titles of this and other films in the series can be cause for confusion.
 Freedom Flight  released in the fall of 1971 on Epic Records is the second album by Shuggie Otis. The album contains the original version of Strawberry Letter 23 a 1977 hit for The Brothers Johnson.
 The Landmark Medical Center is a private not-for-profit hospital at 115 Cass Avenue in Woonsocket Rhode Island and with another unit Fogarty Hospital on 146A in North Smithfield Rhode Island. In 1988 the hospital was created as a merger between Woonsocket Hospital and Fogarty Hospital of North Smithfield. The merged hospitals had been providing healthcare for nearly 130 years.
 Life Goes On is the fourth studio album by rapper Trae. It was released on October 23 2007. Guest features include Lil' Wayne Jody Breeze Jadakiss Styles P Slim Thug Dallas Yung Joc and many more. The first single was Screwed Up featuring Lil' Wayne.The S.L.A.B.-ED version of the album was released on December 8 2007. DJ Pollie Pop made a MySpace just for the album.The album sold 12500 copies in its first week.
 Orson Welles and People was a 1956 pilot for a projected documentary series by Orson Welles which is now believed to be lost.The pilot was a portrait of Alexandre Dumas entitled Camille the Naked Lady and the Musketeers. It was filmed in just one day in October 1956 at a Poverty Row studio in Hollywood using the $5000 fee that Welles had earned from his guest appearance on I Love Lucy. Welles used photo stills and drawings to illustrate the programme.
 The U.S. Customhouse is a historic custom house located in San Francisco California. It was built to house offices of the United States Customs Service.
 Kalateh-ye Marvi (Persian: كلاته مروي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Marvī; also known as Mowrī) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 967 in 200 families.
 Topraklı is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 The Shania Twain Centre was a city-owned tourist attraction that operated in Timmins Ontario from 2001 to 2013. It exhibited memorabilia awards and other personal items loaned to the Centre by singer Shania Twain who was raised in Timmins.
 American Pastime is a 2007 film set in the Topaz War Relocation Center a Utah prison camp which held thousands of people during the internment of Japanese Americans during World War II.While the film is a dramatic narrative it is based on true events and depicts life inside the internment camps where baseball was one of the major diversions from the reality of the internees' lives. Location scenes were filmed in bleak desolate land not far from the site of the actual internment camp.
 The Great Van Robbery is a 1959 British film.
 Ceromitia mellicoma is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Kozarevići (Serbian: Козаревићи) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Novo Sarajevo.
 Footprints is the latest studio album of South African hip hop artist Tuks released in 2012 in South Africa and globally through iTunes.
 Alba Regia is a 1961 Hungarian drama film directed by Mihály Szemes. It was entered into the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Silver Prize.
 Cinctura hunteria is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Coreura cerealia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1897. It is found in Ecuador.The forewings are deep black and the hindwings are rich glossy deep blue brightest near the base. The fringe is carmine-red. The head antennae legs and thorax are deep black and the abdomen bright glossy blue.
 Maschine Zeit (2000) is an aggrotech album by Funker Vogt.
 The Revolution Script (1971) is a fictionalised account by Northern Irish-Canadian novelist Brian Moore of the kidnapping by the Quebec Liberation Front of James Cross the Senior British Trade Commissioner in Montreal on October 5 1970 and the murder a few days later of Pierre Laporte Minister of Labour in the Quebec provincial government.
 Kit Carson Peak elevation 14171 ft (4319 m) is one of the 54 fourteeners in the state of Colorado. It lies in the Sangre de Cristo Range near Crestone Peak and Crestone Needle and is named after the frontiersman Kit Carson. The peak is also known as Kit Carson Mountain a name that is used for both the massif with three summits (Columbia Point Kit Carson Peak and Challenger Point) or to describe the main summit only.
 IPC Shopping Centre (renamed on 11 March 2011; formerly known as Ikano Power Centre) is a shopping mall located in Mutiara Damansara Petaling Jaya Selangor Malaysia. It houses 10 anchor tenants including IKEA franchised-owned and managed by Ikano Pte. Ltd. The current 10 anchor tenants are: IKEA Padini Concept Store Brands Outlet Cold Storage Harvey Norman Aussino Macy Popular Bookstore IT Hypermarket. Toy 'R' Us.
 Trott's Pond is a small lake in the northeast of Bermuda. Like many of Bermuda's lakes it is brackish as it lies close to the Atlantic Ocean.The lake lies in Hamilton Parish to the east of Harrington Sound and 800 metres (half a mile) northeast of the larger Mangrove Lake.
 Neomariania incertella is a moth in the Stathmopodidae family. It was described by Rebel in 1940. It is found on the Azores.
 Blind Rage is a blaxploitation martial arts film from 1978 starring the former all-star football star Fred Williamson Tony Ferrer and D'Urville Martin about 5 blind martial artists pulling off a bank robbery.
 Lake Moogerah formed by Moogerah Dam is a water supply and irrigation dam on Reynolds Creek a tributary of the Bremer River in Southeast Queensland's Fassifern Valley. The lake is used for recreation fishing and camping. Moogerah comes from the aboriginal word Moojirah meaning home of the thunderstorm.The lake is located around 60 km southwest of Ipswich and about 90 minutes drive from Brisbane.
 Last Days at the Lodge is the third studio album by singer-songwriter Amos Lee released on June 24 2008 through Blue Note. The first single from the album Listen was made available as a digital download on the iTunes Store on April 29 2008.
 7 Stories is a play created by Canadian playwright Morris Panych.
 Détective is a 1985 French crime film directed by Jean-Luc Godard. It was entered into the 1985 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Suspect is a 1944 film noir directed by Robert Siodmak set in London in 1902 in Edwardian times. It is based on the novel This Way Out by James Ronald and was released by Universal Pictures. It stars Charles Laughton Ella Raines Dean Harens and Stanley Ridges.
 The Dr. Frank R. Burroughs House located in Ritzville Washington is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Chaffee is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies within the huge walled plain Apollo and is one of several craters in that formation named for astronauts and people associated with the Apollo program. This basin is a double-ringed formation and the crater Chaffee is situated across the southwest part of the inner ring.
 For other places sharing the name 'Pass of the cross' please see Col de la Croix (disambiguation)Col de la Croix de Fer (English: Pass of the Iron Cross) (el. 2067 m.) is a high mountain pass in the French Alps linking Le Bourg-d'Oisans and Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne.
 Piz Scerscen (3971 m) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland and Italy joining the neighbouring Piz Bernina by its north-east ridge via a 3895 m pass. Its name means 'the circular mountain' ('Scerscen' is pronounced cherchen).The mountain has a prominent secondary summit called the Schneehaube (3875 m).The first ascent of Piz Scerscen was by Paul Güssfeldt Hans Grass and Caspar Capat on 13 September 1877 via the north-west spur descending the same way.
 Abu Mahalleh (Persian: ابومحله‎ also Romanized as Abū Maḩalleh) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 59 families.
 Martin Callanan (born 8 August 1961) is a British Conservative Party politician. He is Member of the European Parliament for North East England and Chairman of the European Conservatives and Reformists group.
 Little Pilgrim (Korean: 화엄경) is a novel by the South Korean writer Ko Un. It is based on the character Sudhana from the Avatamsaka Sutra and the narrative consists of 53 encounters between the boy and various teachers. Ko began to have the chapters published in 1969 and the finished work was first published in book form in 1991. It was published in English in 2005.
 The Road a Year Long (Italian: La strada lunga un anno Serbo-Croatian: Cesta duga godinu dana) is a 1958 film directed by Giuseppe De Santis. A Yugoslavian-Italian co-production it was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Lake Ngakapua is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Joshua Judges Ruth is the title of Lyle Lovett's fourth album released in 1992.While the album does not have one theme that binds all the songs several tracks deal with high concepts such as religion (Church) and death (Family Reserve & Since The Last Time). Lovett's renowned sense of humor and whimsy are temporarily set aside in favor of reflective musings on heartbreak and loss.
 Abducted: The Carlina White Story is a Lifetime television film about Carlina White who was abducted as an infant by Ann Pettway from a New York hospital and solved her own kidnapping and reunited with her biological parents 23 years later. The case is reported to be the first known infant abduction from a New York hospital. On July 30. 2012 Pettway was sentenced in a New York court to 12 years in prison for kidnapping Carlina. It premiered on October 6 2012.
 Overpowered is the second solo studio album by Irish recording artist Róisín Murphy released on 11 October 2007 by EMI. The album was to be released in the United States in late 2008 or early 2009 but was cancelled by EMI due to financial difficulties on their part. Receiving widespread critical acclaim the album was more commercially successful than its predecessor debuting at number twenty on the UK Albums Chart.
 Proschistis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Julia Fordham is the debut album by English singer-songwriter Julia Fordham released in 1988. The album includes the Top 40 single Happy Ever After along with three further singles The Comfort of Strangers Woman of the 80's and Where Does the Time Go?.
 Hall of the Mountain King is the fourth studio album by the American heavy metal band Savatage released in 1987 under the direction of producer Paul O'Neill. It is their first album produced by O'Neill who was assigned to the band after the tour in support of Fight for the Rock. This album shows the beginning of Savatage's exploration of progressive metal in their search for new forms of musical expression.
 The Long-bearded Melidectes (Melidectes princeps) also known as the Long-bearded Honeyeater is a bird in the Honeyeater family.
 Yikuang (16 November 1838 - 28 January 1917) titled Prince Qing (Prince Ch'ing in Wade–Giles) or more formally Prince Qing of the First Rank (慶親王) was a Manchu noble and politician of the late Qing Dynasty. He was the first Prime Minister of the Imperial Cabinet (內閣總理大臣) in the Qing Dynasty. Yikuang and his son Zaizhen were both notorious for their rampant political corruption.
 The Shale Hills are a low mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges in western Kern County California.
 The Time of the Assassins is the debut album by The Strokes' bassist Nikolai Fraiture released under the pseudonym Nickel Eye. It was released on Rykodisc on January 27 2009.Two singles were released from the album: Brandy of the Damned backed with album track Back from Exile and Dying Star which was released for Record Store Day 2009 and featured a remix of Brandy of the Damned by English musician/producer Mark Ronson.
 If I Told Him : A Completed Portrait of Picasso is a poem by Gertrude Stein. Written in 1923 it was first published in Vanity Fair in 1924. It was in response to a portrait of her which Pablo Picasso had painted two decades before.
 Rujan (Serbian Cyrillic: Рујан) is a mountain in southern Serbia near the town of Bujanovac. Its highest peak Kalje has an elevation of 968 meters above sea level. On the mountain there is Kale-Krševica archeological site dating from the 13th century BC.
 Batowo [baˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Lipiany 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Pyrzyce and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. During the Thirty Years' War Batowo was so badly destroyed that during the restoration it was moved to another place.
 The Blue-eared Lory (Eos semilarvata) (also known as Ceram Lory Half-masked Lory or Seram Lory) is a parrot found only on the island of Seram in Maluku province Indonesia.The Blue-eared Lory is the smallest Eos at 24 cm long. It has a red body with blue cheeks chin and ear-coverts purple-blue abdomen and undertail coverts and black streaked wings.
 Infernal Affairs is a series of three crime-thriller films directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak starring Andy Lau and Tony Leung. It tells the story of a police officer who infiltrates the triads and a police officer secretly working for the same gang. The Chinese title means the non-stop way a reference to Avici the lowest level of hell in Buddhism. The English title is a word play combining the law enforcement term internal affairs with the adjective 'infernal'.
 The Mediator Between Head and Hands Must Be the Heart is the thirteenth studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura. It was released on October 25 2013 in Europe on October 29 in the United States via Nuclear Blast. It is the band's first album to feature drummer Eloy Casagrande and the first album by the band to be recorded in the United States since 1998's Against. The album was produced by Ross Robinson who previously produced the band's 1996 album Roots.
 Altri Libertini is the first book by the Italian writer Pier Vittorio Tondelli. It was published in 1980 by Feltrinelli and features a collection of six stories which are loosely related to one another: Postoristoro Mimi e istrioni Viaggio Senso contrario Altri libertini and Autobahn.
 Le Catogne is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif overlooking Champex in the Swiss canton of Valais.
 The South Side School in Geneseo Illinois was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.It was designed by architect John W. Ross and was built by Volk Construction Co..
 Northeast Pond is a 683-acre (2.76 km2) water body located along the border between Strafford County New Hampshire and York County Maine in the northeastern United States. The lake lies in the towns of Milton New Hampshire and Lebanon Maine. It connects with Milton Pond to the south whose outlet is the Salmon Falls River.
 The Ramona Outdoor Play formerly known as (and still commonly called) the Ramona Pageant is an outdoor play staged annually at Hemet California since 1923. The script is adapted from the 1884 novel Ramona by Helen Hunt Jackson. It is held over three consecutive weekends in April and May in the Ramona Bowl a natural amphitheater in the foothills above Hemet in Riverside County. The production features cast of more than 300 made up largely of local residents and amateur actors.
 The Castle in the Forest is the last novel by writer Norman Mailer published in the year of his death 2007. It is the story of Adolf Hitler's childhood as seen through the eyes of Dieter a demon sent to put him on his destructive path. The novel explores the idea that Hitler had no Jewish heritage but was the product of incest. It forms a thematic contrast with the writer's immediately previous novel The Gospel According to the Son (1999) which deals with the early life of Jesus.
 Harrieta Plantation is a plantation about 5 mi (8 km) east of McClellanville in Charleston County South Carolina. It is adjacent to the Wedge Plantation and just south of Fairfield Plantation. The plantation house was built around 1807. It is located off US Highway 17 near the Santee River. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on September 18 1975.
 Ourapteryx variolaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Ain Varba is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Acanthops falcataria common name South American Dead Leaf Mantis is a species of praying mantis in the subfamily Acanthopinae of the family Acanthopidae and is one of many mantis from various genera that resembles a dead leaf.
 The Shields Gazette established in 1849 is a daily evening newspaper. It is the oldest provincial evening newspaper in the United Kingdom.It was originally established as a weekly paper - the North and South Shields Gazette - but became a daily evening paper after the repeal of Stamp Duty in 1855.
 Nesoclopeus is a genus of birds in the Rallidae family. It contains the following species: Bar-winged Rail Nesoclopeus poecilopterus - extinct (c. 1980) Woodford's Rail Nesoclopeus woodfordi
 Dans la Nuit is an album by French clarinetist Louis Sclavis recorded in 2000 and released on the ECM label. The album was initialised through an invitation of French director Bertrand Tavernier to Sclavis he agreed and wrote this music to Charles Vanel’s 1930 film “Dans la nuit”.
 Christoffel Vought Farmstead commonly known as the 1759 Vought House is located in Annandale Clinton Township Hunterdon County New Jersey United States. Built in 1759 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 16 2008. The building is on Preservation New Jersey’s 2010 10 Most Endangered Historic Sites list. The building is located on the grounds of the Clinton Township Middle School and is owned by the Clinton Township Board of Education.
 Escape to the Hills is a novel written by James and Ethel Chapman and published in 1947.
 Anything to Survive aka. Almost Too Late is a 1990 American adventure film directed by Zale Dalen and starring Robert Conrad Matt LeBlanc and Emily Perkins. It is loosely based on the true story of the Wortman family of British Columbia.
 Bonanza Peak is a tall peak in the North Cascades in the U.S. state of Washington and the Glacier Peak Wilderness of the Wenatchee National Forest. At 9516 feet (2900 m) in elevation it is the highest point in Chelan County and the highest non-volcanic peak in Washington and the Cascade Range as a whole. Bonanza Peak's prominence is 3711 feet (1131 m) making it the 26th most prominent peak in Washington.
 The small-footed shrew (Crocidura parvipes) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Angola Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Kenya Nigeria Rwanda Sudan Tanzania Uganda and Zambia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Back To Earth is the 8th studio album by rock band Rare Earth which was released in 1975. Jerry La Croix replaced departed lead singer Peter Hoorelbeke and Reggie McBride replaced departed bassist Michael Urso.
 Man Plus is a 1976 science fiction novel by Frederik Pohl. It won the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1976 was nominated for the Hugo and Campbell Awards and placed third in the annual Locus Poll in 1977. Pohl teamed up with Thomas T. Thomas to write a sequel Mars Plus published in 1994.
 The Journal of Indian Society of Periodontology is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Periodontology. It covers all aspects of periodontology.
 Gomphus parvidens is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 The Pinnacle at Tutwiler Farm is a 75-acre (300000 m2) 644000 square feet (60000 m2) $100 million lifestyle center located in Trussville Alabama which opened on October 11 2006. The center was developed by Colonial Properties on land previously distinguished by a rocky hillside. Nearby is the Colonial Promenade at Tutwiler Farm which was also developed by Colonial Properties.Anchor tenants include Belk and JCPenney (who relocated their existing stores from Century Plaza).
 Mary K. Sattler (born August 31 1973) is a Democratic politician in the U.S. state of Alaska best known for serving five terms in the Alaska House of Representatives. Sattler represented the 39th District and following redistricting the 38th District which were centered around the community of Bethel from 1999 to 2009.
 The Agărașul River is a tributary of the Sulța River in Romania.
 Public School No. 37 also known as Patrick Henry School and Primary School No. 37 is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is an elaborately detailed 2 1⁄2-story Georgian Revival structure. The entrance portico has six freestanding columns rustication at the base lintels and quoins and a large slate-shingled hip roof. It was built in 1896 for $25000.Public School No. 37 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Cairnwell (Gaelic: An Càrn Bhailg) is a mountain in the Eastern Highlands of Scotland south of Braemar. It is often considered to be one of the most spoiled of the Munros due to the Glenshee Ski Centre which covers the eastern slope of the mountain. The Cairnwell is usually climbed from the Glen Shee ski centre which is at a height of 650 m making this probably the easiest Munro to climb. It is often climbed with Carn Aosda.
 Orthochromis mazimeroensis is a species of cichlid endemic to Burundi where it is only known from the Mazimero River and the Nganga River. This species can reach a length of 7.2 centimetres (2.8 in) SL.
 St. Michael's Golden-Domed Monastery (Ukrainian: Михайлівський золотоверхий монастир Mykhaylivs’kyi zolotoverkhyi monastyr) is a functioning monastery in Kiev the capital of Ukraine. The monastery is located on the right bank of the Dnieper River on the edge of a bluff northeast of the Saint Sophia Cathedral.
 William J. McCormack was Chief of Police of the Metro Toronto Police from 1989 to 1995. He succeeded Jack Marks.McCormack was born in Mauritius.
 To the Teeth is singer-songwriter Ani DiFranco's tenth studio album (excluding EPs and her collaborations with Utah Phillips) released in November 1999.To the Teeth has a more political and self-questioning edge than many of her earlier works. It is also considerably more experimental with Freakshow Swing Carry You Around and The Arrivals Gate branching out into genres such as blues jazz and funk.
 POZ is a monthly magazine that chronicles the lives of people affected by HIV/AIDS. Its website Poz.com has daily HIV/AIDS news treatment information forums blogs and personals. The magazine was founded in 1994 by Sean Strub an HIV-positive and openly gay businessman and activist. Before launching POZ Strub was involved with numerous social issues including politics environmentalism civil rights LGBT rights and HIV/AIDS.
 Marisa Marquez is a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives serving since 2009. Marquez also serves as Vice President of Operations for JAR Insurance.
 The Banco Crédito y Ahorro Ponceño building (or Banco Crédito for short) a historic building in Ponce Puerto Rico was the first and main office of the historic Banco Crédito y Ahorro Ponceño (English: Ponce Credit and Savings Bank) and represents one of the last examples of the once popular turn-of-the-century eclectic architecture. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on June 25 1987. It was built in 1924.
 The Palau Ground Dove (Gallicolumba canifrons) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is endemic to Palau.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Ragin' Full-On is the first album by the American alternative rock band Firehose. It was released after the break up of the influential punk rock band Minutemen due to the death of the guitarist D. Boon.
 Bommanal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Lester Jesse (L. J. or Dick) Dickinson (October 29 1873 – June 4 1968) was a Republican United States Representative and Senator from Iowa. He was in the words of Time magazine a big friendly white-thatched Iowa lawyer. In early 1936 he dreamed of winning the presidency. However the only race he would enter that year would be for his own seat in the Senate and he would lose it.
 The Lame Devil (UK: The Devil Who Limped; original title: Le Diable boiteux French for the devil with a limp) is a 1948 French black-and-white historical film written and directed by Sacha Guitry. A biography of the titular French diplomat Talleyrand (1754–1838) it stars Guitry in the lead role. Originally forbidden by the French censorship and turned into a play the film went on to be released into six languages.
 Gerrit de Graeff (I.) van Zuid-Polsbroek (February 27 1711 in Amsterdam – November 10 1752) was a member of the De Graeff – Family from the Dutch Golden Age. De Graeff was known for his wealth and notorious for his stinginess.
 Kamarbon (Persian: كمربن‎; also known as Kamarīn) is a village in Chelav Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 The Day the Earth Caught Fire is a British science fiction disaster film starring Edward Judd Leo McKern and Janet Munro. It was directed by Val Guest and released in 1961 and is one of the classic apocalyptic films of its era.The film which was partly made on location in London and Brighton used matte painting to create images of abandoned cities and desolate landscapes.
 Faith Hope and Witchcraft (Danish: Tro håb og trolddom) is a 1960 Danish family film directed by Erik Balling and starring Bodil Ipsen. It was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Přepeře (Semily District) is a village and municipality in Semily District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Mizengo Kayanza Peter Pinda (born 12 August 1948) is a Tanzanian CCM politician who has been Prime Minister of Tanzania since 2008. He has also served as a Member of Parliament since 2000.
 Normannites is a strongly ribbed evolute lower middle Jurassic ammonite included in the stephanoceratoid family Stephanoceratidae.Normanites was previously included in the Otoitidae by Arkell et al 1957. More recent classifications show it to belong to the family Stephanoceratidae along with genera like Stephanoceras and Stemmatoceras.
 Impaler's Wolves is the second EP by the black metal band Graveland. It was released on Eastclan records in 1999. The cover pictures an image of Vlad the Impaler.
 Adolf Lu Hitler Rangsa Marak (born c. 1958) is a politician in the state of Meghalaya India.A member of the Nationalist Congress Party he was forest and environment minister in the government of E.K. Mawlong and then cooperation minister under Chief Minister Flinder Anderson Khonglam.He lost his seat in the state assembly in the February 2003 elections.On June 27 2003 he was arrested on charges of maintaining links with the banned militant group Achik National Volunteers' Council.
 Finishing the Game is a 2007 mockumentary which focuses on Bruce Lee's final movie Game of Death. Lee died prior to finishing that movie having shot only a few of the final fight scenes. However the rest of the film was finished using a Bruce Lee double and a new script. Finishing the Game is a comedy which satirizes the production of Lee's final film while dealing with racial stereotypes on the Asian community. It was shot in a mere 18 days.
 Topsail Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada. It is located in the community of Westphal northeast of Halifax Harbour.
 Back to the Future Part II is a 1989 American science fiction comedy film and the second installment of the Back to the Future trilogy. It was directed by Robert Zemeckis who directed all three films scripted by Bob Gale and stars Michael J. Fox Christopher Lloyd Thomas F. Wilson and Lea Thompson. The plot of Part II picks up where the original film left off. After repairing the damage to history done by his previous time travel adventures Marty McFly (Fox) and his friend Dr.
 Disparctia vittata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1898. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Ghana Kenya Nigeria Sierra Leone and Uganda.The larvae feed on Veronia amygdalina Cordia abyssinica Manihot esculentus and Phytolacca dodecandra.
 The Meridian Mall is a large shopping complex in Dunedin New Zealand designed by ASA Crone Architects an Australian development company. At 16000 m2 (172222.6 sq ft) it is the largest retail mall in the southern South Island and one of the largest in the South Island as a whole.The mall was constructed in 1995-1997 behind the former Arthur Barnett building in George Street which was designed by Edmund Anscombe (1874-1948) and completed in 1924.
 Selja Saare County is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Roger Ludlow (1590–1664) was an English lawyer magistrate military officer and colonist. He was active in the founding of the Colony of Connecticut and helped draft laws for it and the nearby Massachusetts Bay Colony. Under his direction Boston's first fortification Castle William was built.
 Sky Is the Limit is the seventh studio album published by the Swiss DJ DJ Antoine released on 25 January 2013. The first single released from the album is Bella Vita. The second was All I Live For and the third Sky Is the Limit.
 The Screwtape Letters is a satirical Christian apologetic novel written in epistolary style by C. S. Lewis first published in book form in February 1942. The story takes the form of a series of letters from a senior Demon Screwtape to his nephew Wormwood a Junior Tempter. The uncle's mentorship pertains to the nephew's responsibility for securing the damnation of a British man known only as the Patient.
 Spanish Angel is a live album by Paul Winter Consort released in 1993 through the record label Living Music. In 1994 the album earned the group a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album.
 Darreh Yab (Persian: دره ياب‎ Sorani Kurdish: دەرە یاو also Romanized as Darreh Yāb) is a village in Kalashi Rural District Kalashi District Jawanroud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 15 families.
 Whispers in the Wind – Acoustic Improvisations was recorded in December 2005 for Neal Morse's Inner Circle fan club and is made up of guitar and piano improvisations. Some of the ideas on it will be developed further and will appear on official releases in the future. There are a few solos overdubbing the improvisations but otherwise the material was not edited for mistakes or content.
 Oak Square School is a historic school at 35 Nonantum Street in Brighton Massachusetts a neighborhood of Boston.The school was designed by Edmund March Wheelwright who designed a wide variety of Boston landmark buildings. It was built in 1894 on the site of Breck Gardens and had a major addition in 1923. When it closed in 1981 it was the last wood schoolhouse in Boston. It was converted to housing in 1984.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Song of the Happy Shepherd is a poem by William Butler Yeats. It was first published under this title in his first book The Wanderings of Oisin and Other Poems but in fact the same poem had appeared twice before: as an epilogue to Yeats' poem The Isle of Statues and again as an epilogue to his verse play Mosada. On the first of these occasions the poem was said to be spoken by a satyr carrying a conch shell.
 Atça is a village in the District of Çamlıdere Ankara Province Turkey.
 The Stratagem and other Stories was a small book of short stories written by Aleister Crowley (1875–1947) occult magician poet and self-proclaimed prophet of a new Æon.
 Via Castellana Bandiera is a 2013 Italian drama film directed by Emma Dante. It was screened in the main competition section at the 70th Venice International Film Festival. Elena Cotta won the Volpi Cup for Best Actress.
 Sons of the Jackal is a 2007 album by thrash metal/death metal band Legion of the Damned. Lyrical themes on the album include horror motifs the devastation of nuclear war and occult and religious ideas and actions.
 One Summit Square also known as the Summit Bank Building after one of its original tenants is the tallest office building in Fort Wayne Indiana United States as well as the tallest reinforced concrete building in the state of Indiana.One Summit Square is a Modern 27-story steel frame building which stands at 134.7 m (442 ft).
 The Essex County Standard is a weekly newspaper published in Colchester Essex. As of January 2011 it has an average circulation of 16614 per issue. It is currently owned by the Newsquest Media Group part of the American Gannett Company.
 The Bridge near West Liberty is an historic structure located west of the town of West Liberty in rural Muscatine County Iowa United States. The welded steel rigid frame bridge was built in 1937. It was designed by Otto Wendling of the Iowa State Highway Commission. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 as a part of the Highway Bridges of Iowa MPS.
 An Empty Flight is Paul Dempsey's first solo album released in 1998. Dempsey also plays guitar in alternative rock band Something for Kate. While released under the pseudonym Scared of Horses Paul Dempsey does not deny credit for this album. There are many special guests that appear on this album playing various instruments and providing lead vocals on some tracks.
 Colossus released in 1997 is the fourth and final studio album by the band Walt Mink.
 Robert René de Cotret PC (February 20 1944 – July 9 1999) was a Canadian politician. Robert de Cotret was the President and CEO of The Conference Board of Canada from 1976-78 before being elected to the Canadian House of Commons in a 1978 by-election. He was elected as the Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Ottawa Centre and was one of the few francophone MPs in the Tory caucus. Despite the Tory victory in the 1979 general election Robert de Cotret lost his seat.
 The Old Cemetery also known as the Milk Row Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Somerville Avenue and School Street in Somerville Massachusetts. Established in 1804 on land donated by Samuel Tufts it is the city's oldest cemetery. The cemetery was established when Somerville was still a part of Charlestown and many Somerville residents used that city's Phipps Street Burying Ground and later the Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge instead of this one.
 Manoba implens is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found on Borneo Peninsular Malaysia and the Philippines. The habitat consists of lowland and lower montane forests up to 1000 meters.
 Benjamin Dudley Dwinnell (September 14 1834 - December 15 1916) was an American law enforcement officer military officer and politician who served as the nineteenth Sheriff of Worcester County Massachusetts.
 Diplolaemus leopardinus commonly known as the leopard iguana or the leopard grumbler is a species of lizard native to the southern tip of South America.
 Teataja was a newspaper published in Estonia founded in 1901 by Konstantin Päts.
 Proszkowo [prɔʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Szreńsk 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Mława and 106 km (66 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Ludwig Wilhelm Erhard (German: [ˈluːdvɪk ˈɛʁhaʁt]; 4 February 1897 – 5 May 1977) was a German politician affiliated with the CDU and Chancellor of West Germany from 1963 until 1966. He is notable for his leading role in German postwar economic reform and economic recovery (Wirtschaftswunder German for economic miracle) particularly in his role as Minister of Economics under Chancellor Konrad Adenauer in 1949 prior to his own ascension to the Chancellorship in 1963.
 Sobredoxis is the third studio album of the reggaeton duo Jowell & Randy. It was released on June 4 2013. Originally it was to be titled El Momento 2 but after a meeting with record labels it was decided to change the name. The album includes collaborations with Daddy Yankee Arcángel 3Ball MTY De La Ghetto Farruko Tony Tun Tun and Divino. It debuted at number ten on the Latin Albums chart and number one on the Latin Rhythm Albums chart.
 The Xaparu River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 In the Night Kitchen is a popular and controversial children's picture book written and illustrated by Maurice Sendak and first published in 1970. The book depicts a young boy's dream journey through a surreal baker's kitchen where he assists in the creation of a cake to be ready by the morning. It was a Caldecott Honor recipient in 1971. It was adapted into a 5-minute animated short film in 1981 by Gene Deitch.
 The river Sense (German: Sense French: Singine) is a right tributary of the river Saane in Switzerland. It is a border river between the Cantons of Fribourg and Bern. Its source rivers the Kalte Sense coming from Mount Gantrisch and Warme Sense flowing out of lake Schwarzsee join at Zollhaus and thus form the origin of the Sense.The Sense flows through a gorge of 15 km length which is popular for whitewater sports but also for swimming and bathing – especially among nudists.
 Wild Birds: 1985–1995 is a compilation album of Peter Murphy's songs released in 2000. It includes his second Top 10 Modern Rock Tracks hit the Turkish-influenced The Sweetest Drop from 1992's Holy Smoke album.
 Noordhollands Dagblad is a Dutch newspaper covering North Holland in the northwest of the country.
 Rowshnavand (Persian: روشناوند‎ also Romanized as Rowshnāvand Rowshanāvand Rushanāwand and Rūshnāvand) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Walker is a soundtrack by Joe Strummer released in 1987. It is the soundtrack to the Alex Cox film of the same name.
 Solomon Oliver Jr. (born 1947) is a United States federal judge.Born in Bessemer Alabama Oliver received a B.A. from College of Wooster in 1969 and a J.D. from New York University School of Law in 1972. He earned an M.A. from Case Western Reserve University in 1974. From 1972 to 1975 he was an Assistant Professor at the College of Wooster then clerked for Judge William H. Hastie on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit from 1975 to 1976.
 Druceiella metellus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Ecuador.
 The Oak Street Garage is an historic automotive storage and repair facility at 2600 North Howard Street in Baltimore Maryland. The single story Beaux Arts style building was built in 1924 and expanded in 1927. The building has a roughly trapezoidal shape with a triangular office area in the front and two garage bays in the rear the second (the 1927 addition) a few steps down from the first. The building is finished in brick.
 Indian Mission Church is a historic Methodist church located in Millsboro Sussex County Delaware. It was built in 1921 and is a one-story wood frame building covered with clapboard siding and in the Late Gothic Revival style. It features a two-story hipped roof tower and lancet windows.
 Cenocrinus is a monotypic genus of stalked crinoids in the family Isselicrinidae. The great West Indian sea lily (Cenocrinus asterius) is the only species in the genus and is found in deep waters in the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico.
 Dinosaur 13 is a 2014 American documentary film directed and produced by Todd Douglas Miller. The film premiered in competition category of U.S. Documentary Competition program at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 16 2014.After its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival CNN Films and Lionsgate acquired distribution rights of the film.
 Rogues in the House is a 1976 collection of two fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The book was published in 1976 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. as volume VI of their deluxe Conan set. The title story originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales. The Frost–Giant's Daughter is the original version of the story that first appeared edited by L. Sprague de Camp in the magazine Fantasy Fiction.
 A Christmas Without Snow is a 1980 American film directed by John Korty.
 Heat and Mass Transfer is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer. It serves the circulation of new developments in the field of basic research of heat and mass transfer phenomena as well as related material properties and their measurements. Thereby applications to engineering problems are promoted. The journal publishes original research reports.As of 1995 the title Wärme- und Stoffübertragung was changed to Heat and Mass Transfer.
 The Șucu River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
 Mshana was an entertainment magazine based in Cape Town (with an editorial office in Sandton) aimed at South African urban youth. The first issue was published in March 2007 by Media24 Family Magazines.
 Time to Smell the Roses is the fourth book in the Hermux Tantamoq series by Michael Hoeye which includes Time Stops for No MouseThe Sands of Time and No Time Like Show Time.
 Mark Lloyd was associate general counsel and Chief Diversity Officer at the Federal Communications Commission of the United States from 2009-2012.He was previously the vice president for strategic initiatives at the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights. Lloyd was also an affiliate professor at the Georgetown Public Policy Institute and in the years from 2002-2004 Lloyd was a visiting lecturer at MIT where he conducted research and taught about communications policy.
 A Turn of the Cards is a 1914 American silent short drama film starring William Garwood Howard Davies and William E. Lowery.
 Motorsport News is a British weekly newspaper first published in 1955. Motorsport News includes news reports and analysis of British circuit racing rallying and other forms of motor sport. It also includes some international news and reports including Formula One coverage. The current Formula One correspondent is Simon Arron.The title is released every Wednesday and is published by Haymarket Media Group.
 Sasquatch is a novel written by Roland Smith.
 The Ghost of Frankenstein is an American monster horror film released in 1942. The movie is the fourth in a series of films produced by Universal Studios based upon characters in Mary Shelley's novel Frankenstein and features Lon Chaney Jr. as the Monster taking over from Boris Karloff who played the role in the first three films of the series and Béla Lugosi in his second appearance as the demented Ygor.
 Pat Shortridge is a Minnesota lobbyist and former Chair of the Republican Party of Minnesota.
 Leirungskampen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Al Ayal Kibrit (The Kids Have Grown Up العيَال كبرت) is a famous Egyptian play starring Sa'ed Saleh Ahmad Zaki Yunis Shalabi and Nadia Shoukry as the children. Hassan Mustafa plays the role of the father with Karima Mokhtar playing the role of the mother. The play tells the story of the children trying to stop their father from leaving his family for another woman after one of them finds accidentally a love letter from an unknown women to their father.
 Kizhakkummuri is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Kiełczawa [kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂava] (Ukrainian: Кельчава Kel’chava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baligród within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Baligród 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Lesko and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 The Zahuapan River is a river of Mexico.
 Tolombeh-ye Mohammad Ali Askari (Persian: تلمبه محمدعلي عسكري‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moḩammad ‘Alī ‘Askarī) is a village in Qatruyeh Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Return of the Street Fighter (殺人拳２ Satsujin ken 2 UK title: Blood of the Dragon) is a 1974 martial arts film and the second in a series starting with The Street Fighter starring Sonny Chiba. In this sequel Martial artist Takuma (Terry) Tsurugi returns to take on a Yakuza family that may be embezzling money from charities to finance their own operations.
 Sayeh Kor-e Sofla (Persian: سايه كرسفلي‎ also Romanized as Sāyeh Kor-e Soflá and Sāyehkor-e Soflá; also known as Sādeh Kor-e Soflá Sāikūr Sāyeh Gor-e Pā’īn Sāyeh Kor-e Pā’īn Sayeh Kūr-e Pā’īn and Sāyeh Kūr-e Soflá) is a village in Agahan Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 74 families.
 Escape Velocity is a 1998 Canadian thriller film directed by Lloyd A. Simandl.
 Sünde (German for Sin) is the third album by the German band Eisbrecher released on August 22 2008 in Germany and on August 26 2008 in the United States. The Limited Edition comes as a digipack and include 3 bonus tracks (one new song and two remixes).
 Sar Parideh (Persian: سرپريده‎ also Romanized as Sar Parīdeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 13 families.
 Old Veøy Church (Norwegian: Veøy gamle kyrkje) is a historic parish church in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the small island of Veøya. The church is part of the Røvik og Veøy parish in the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The church seats about 400 people.
 Lake Bisina is a freshwater lake in eastern Uganda. It is also known as Lake Salisbury. It is connected upstream via a wetland to Lake Opeta and drains into Lake Kyoga.
 Lake Wister is a reservoir in Le Flore County in southeast Oklahoma. The lake is created by the Poteau River and the Fourche Maline creek. Wister Lake was authorized for flood control and conservation by the Flood Control Act of 1938. The project was designed and built by the Tulsa District Corps of Engineers. Construction began in April 1946 and the project was placed in full flood control operation in December 1949.[1]
 What Price Paradise is the fourth studio album by English new wave group China Crisis. It was released on CD LP and Cassette in 1986. The CD version featured one bonus track: Trading in Gold originally released on the B-side of the Arizona Sky single.
 The Walter Keene House is a historic house at 28 High Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame building was built c. 1900 and is an excellent local example of a transitional Queen Anne-Colonial Revival house. Its hip roof and front porch are typically Colonial Revival while the left-side turret and turned posts and balusters are Queen Anne. The house was built for a local shoe salesman and banker.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Alvaniyeh (Persian: علوانيه‎ also Romanized as ‘Alvānīyeh) is a village in Gazin Rural District Raghiveh District Haftgel County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 25 families.
 Love on Your Side – The Best of Thompson Twins is a double disc compilation (total running time: 152'58 minutes) of 36 tracks by British pop band Thompson Twins released in 2007. Aside from their numerous hits the collection also contains many non-single tracks from their successful 1983-85 period (including the entirety of the band's Quick Step and Side Kick and Into The Gap albums and all but two tracks from their Here's To Future Days album).
 Sperone Westwater Gallery is a contemporary art gallery located at 257 Bowery New York NY between Stanton and Houston Streets. The gallery stands one block north of the New Museum. The eight-story building including a mechanical floor and basement contains 20000 square feet of gallery space with the lobby and the terraces for exhibitions. The main feature of this building is the Big Red Box a 12-foot by 20-foot moving gallery.
 Beketov is a small lunar crater that lies in the northern reaches of the Mare Tranquillitatis. To the south is the ghost crater Jansen R. Northeast of Beketov along the edge of the mare is the crater Vitruvius. Beketov was previously designated Jansen C before being named by the IAU. The flooded crater Jansen itself lies to the south.
 Penally Abbey is an old rectory now the Penally Abbey Country House Hotel and Restaurant overlooking Carmarthen Bay in the village of Penally about 1.5 miles from Tenby Pembrokeshire Wales. It is an AA 3-star hotel located off the A4139 road. It was once owned by the Jameson family of Irish whiskey brewers but was purchased in 1985 by Berkshire natives Steve and Eileen Warren.
 Eilema bitincta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Madagascar.
 Affectionate is an EP by breakcore artist Venetian Snares.
 Manuel N. Mamba (born August 19 1958) is a Filipino politician. A member of the Liberal Party he has been elected as a Member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines representing the Third District of Cagayan. First elected in 1995 he was re-elected in 2001 2004 and 2007. He was also a former Municipal Mayor of Tuao Cagayan from 1998 to 1995.A graduate of the University of Santo Tomas Secretary Mamba is a physician by profession.
 Simons General Store is a historic general store located at Ancram in Columbia County New York. It was built in 1873-1874 and is a rectangular shaped three story frame structure. It features a cupola and an elaborate two story piazza. The interior features original furniture and fixtures dating between 1874 and 1895 with electric fixtures dating between 1911 and 1915.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Daily Cardinal is a student newspaper that serves the University of Wisconsin–Madison community. The sixth oldest daily student newspaper in the country it began publishing on Monday April 4 1892.
 Andrew Peter Fraser (born 15 September 1976) was first elected into the Legislative Assembly of Queensland on the 7 February 2004. He was the Deputy Premier of Queensland Treasurer and Minister for State Development and Trade of the Queensland Government.On the 24 March 2012 Andrew Fraser lost his seat to the LNP candidate Saxon Rice.
 Richard Lynn Hardcastle known as Rick Hardcastle (born April 6 1956) is a businessman and rancher from Vernon Texas who is a Republican former member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 68 in the eastern South Plains.In Hardcastle's last term the district included sixteen counties: BaylorClay Cooke Cottle Dickens Foard Hardeman Haskell Jack King Knox Montague Motley Thorckmorton Wilbarger and Young counties.
 Kamień [ˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sztabin 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Augustów and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Presidency of Fidel V. Ramos spanned for six years from June 30 1992 to June 30 1998. At the time of his assumption into power Fidel Ramos was the second oldest person - following Sergio Osmeña - to become President of the Philippines at the age of 64. He is also the first Protestant President of the country and the only Filipino officer in history to have held every rank in the Philippine military from Second Lieutenant to Commander-in-Chief.
 Mianrud (Persian: ميانرود‎ also Romanized as Mīānrūd) is a village in Abarj Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 536 in 122 families.
 Clifton Skeen (March 17 1927 – January 30 1993) was a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 Jezerane is a village in central Croatia in the northwestern part of Lika-Senj County. It is connected by the D23 highway.
 Current Directions in Psychological Science is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal from the Association for Psychological Science (APS) that is published by SAGE Publications.
 Sir Alexander Wood Renton KC GCMG (24 June 1861 – 17 June 1933) was the 21st Chief Justice of Ceylon. He was appointed on 22 August 1914 succeeding Alfred Lascelles and was Chief Justice until 1918. He was succeeded by Anton Bertram.
 The Book of the Breast redirects hereIshtar Rising fully titled Ishtar Rising: Why the Goddess Went to Hell and What to Expect Now That She's Returning is a book by Robert Anton Wilson published in 1989. It is a revision of Wilson’s earlier The Book of the Breast first published by Playboy Press in 1974 which contained a large number of images not present in the current version. In it Wilson discusses his ideas on the female form feminism and ancient Goddess worship.
 They Call Us Misfits (Swedish: Dom kallar oss mods) is a 1968 Swedish documentary film directed produced and written by Stefan Jarl and Jan Lindqvist. The film is an uncompromising account of the life of two alienated teenagers Kenneth Kenta Gustafsson (1948-2003) and Gustav Stoffe Svensson (1950-1978).
 Navagatharkku Swagatham is a 2012 Malayalam campus-based film written by Kalavoor Ravikumar and directed by Jayakrishna Karanavar. Mainly filmed on locations at Kalamassery the film stars Mukesh Jyothirmayi Rejith Menon Shafna and Vinay Forrt in pivotal roles. The film's music is composed by late music maestro Johnson. The film was met with negative critical reviews and was declared as a box office flop.
 First Congregational Church is a historic church at the corner of Wade and C Streets in Mount Pleasant North Carolina.It was built in 1918 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 Maro Charitra is a 1978 romantic tragedy film written and directed by K. Balachander. made in the Telugu language it stars Kamal Haasan and Saritha in the lead with Madhavi and Sarath Babu appearing in prominent roles. The film deals with cross-cultural romance between a Tamil boy and a Telugu girl. Upon release it became a blockbuster and remains a cult classic.
 Alfred H. Littlefield (April 2 1829 – December 21 1893) was an American businessman and politician. He was a member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives and the Rhode Island Senate and was the 35th Governor of Rhode Island.
 Red River Valley University was a private liberal arts college located in Wahpeton North Dakota and affiliated with the Methodist Church. The university opened in 1893 and operated independently until 1905 when limited funds forced the closure of the Wahpeton campus.
 James Cloudis Smith (born May 25 1940) is an American lawyer. He has served as Florida Attorney General and Florida Secretary of State and is the Chairman of the Florida State University Board of Trustees.
 Looking for Eric is a 2009 French/Belgian/British/Spanish film about the escape from the trials of modern life that football and its heroes can bring for its fans. It was written by screen writer Paul Laverty and directed by English director Ken Loach. The film's cast includes former professional footballer Eric Cantona and former bassist with The Fall Steve Evets.Director Ken Loach said of the film We wanted to deflate the idea of celebrities as more than human.
 The San Francisco Examiner is a free daily newspaper distributed in and around San Francisco California United States. Traditionally one of the city's leading newspapers the Examiner has been published continuously since the late 19th century.The longtime Monarch of the Dailies and flagship of the Hearst Corporation chain the Examiner converted to free distribution early in the 21st century and is now independently owned by the San Francisco Newspaper Company LLC.
 Charterhouse Cave on the Mendip Hills in Somerset is the deepest cave in southern England.
 Shipworms is a name of a group of saltwater clams with long soft naked bodies; they are marine bivalve molluscs in the family Teredinidae. They are notorious for boring into (and commonly eventually destroying) wood that is immersed in sea water including such structures as wooden piers docks and ships; they drill passages by means of a pair of very small shells borne at one end with which they rasp their way through.
 True Crime is a live Zeke album recorded between 1993 and 1996. It was originally released on the Australia based record company Dropkick Records on CD and LP format. The album is currently out of print making copies of it rare and collectible. The cover is a picture of Night Stalker Richard Ramirez being arrested.
 Back to the Grotto is the debut studio album by northern California rock band The Mother Hips. It was recorded in July and December 1992 and released in February 1993. American Recordings re-released the album after signing the band to a recording contract.
 So Amazing: An All-Star Tribute to Luther Vandross is a tribute album to the late soul legend Luther Vandross consisting of cover versions of past songs by Vandross and other artists recorded by several R&B and/or soul singers in addition to rapper Wyclef Jean and pop singers Elton John and Celine Dion. The album debuted at number four on the U.S. Billboard 200 and number one on the U.S. Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums selling 104000 copies in its opening week.
 Terminal 21 (Thai: เทอร์มินัล 21) is a mixed-use complex on Sukhumvit Road near the Asoke intersection in Bangkok Thailand. It opened in October 2011. The complex has two parts:The retail area – having a total of 9 stories. Main anchors are SF Cinema City and Gourmet Market a supermarket of The Mall Group.The hotel & residence by Centre Point – having a total of 42 stories 202 metres high building. It is operated by Centre Point Hospitality a Quality Houses PLC company.
 Ratt is the self-titled and sixth album of Ratt. Often referred to as 1999 by fans (partially to avoid confusion with their EP which was also self-titled) this album saw the band's musical direction shift to a more blues-influenced rock sound and further away from their previous glam metal roots. This is the first album to feature bassist Robbie Crane since the departure of Juan Croucier.
 The houses at 37–47 North Fifth Street in Hudson New York United States are a row of six Italianate buildings. They were built around 1870 by Freeman Coons a local builder.They are an intact example of late 19th-century worker housing in the city restored at the end of the 20th century by a local community housing group after decades of neglect. In 2003 they were listed on the National Register of Historic Places. They are currently used by a local drug rehabilitation program.
 Veendum Lisa is 1987 Malayalam horror film. It is a sequel to the 1978 film Lisa.
 Simon-Xavier Cimon (December 4 1829 – June 26 1887) was a Quebec businessman and political figure. He represented Charlevoix in the Canadian House of Commons as a Conservative member from 1867 to 1872 and from 1881 to 1887.He was born in La Malbaie Lower Canada in 1829 and studied at the Petit Séminaire de Québec. He became a building contractor and built the parliament buildings at Quebec City in 1878. Cimon established a pulp and paper mill at La Malbaie during the 1880s.
 The Chandanpura Masjid is a mosque situated in the old part (north) of Chittagong on the road to Kaptai in Bangladesh. It is famous landmark in Chittagong and a popular tourist attraction for its impressive architecture consisting of multiple domes and minarets painted in bright colors. Although it was renovated in 1952 the mosque has deteriorated over the years due to environmental factors such as air pollution.
 Oenomaus is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 Maku Kandi (Persian: ماكوكندي‎ also Romanized as Mākū Kandī) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 593 in 125 families.
 Arnetta hyposticta is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in eastern Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Selma Lord Selma is a 1999 American film based on true events that happened in March 1965 known as Bloody Sunday in Selma Alabama. The film tells the story through the eyes of an 11-year-old African American girl named Sheyann Webb (Jurnee Smollett). It premiered as a television movie on ABC on January 17 1999.
 Pustki [ˈpustki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Czersk 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 69 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 124.
 Kałęczyn [kaˈwɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Czerwonka 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 82 km (51 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Advise & Consent is a 1962 American motion picture based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same name by Allen Drury published in 1959.The movie was adapted for the screen by Wendell Mayes and was directed by Otto Preminger.
 Pieces of a Man is the debut studio album of American recording artist Gil Scott-Heron released in 1971 in stereo format on Flying Dutchman Records in the United States. It was also issued in the United Kingdom on Philips Records in 1972. Recording sessions for the album took place at RCA Studios in New York City on April 19 and 20 in 1971.
 Edward L. Cash (December 26 1849 – May 31 1922) was a Canadian physician and politician.Born in Markham Canada West the son of David Cash and Elizebeth Eckardt Cash received his M.D. from the Victoria University in Cobourg Ontario in 1871. From 1871 to 1896 he resided in United States and was elected County Clerk and Clerk of the District Court for Rock in Nebraska. In 1897 he started practicing medicine in Yorkton Saskatchewan.
 St Michael's Church Berechurch is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Berechurch Essex England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands on the south side of Berechurch Hall Road south of the town of Colchester.
 Nostalgia Ultra (stylized as nostalgiaULTRA.) is the debut mixtape by American recording artist Frank Ocean released on February 16 2011. Ocean was inspired to make the mixtape after Hurricane Katrina in his native New Orleans and his subsequent relocation to Los Angeles. After joining alternative hip hop group Odd Future in 2010 he self-released the mixtape without initial promotion. Nostalgia Ultra has a unique R&B aesthetic and features surreal themes and nostalgic lyrics.
 The Ellingson Farm District near Hillsboro North Dakota is a farm that was developed in 1882. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It then included nine contributing buildings a contributing site and a contributing structure on its 9 acres (3.6 ha).
 The River Chew is a small river in England. It merges with the River Avon after 17 miles (27 km) forming the Chew Valley.The spring from which the Chew rises is just upstream from Chewton Mendip. The river flows North West from Chewton Mendip through Litton Chew Valley Lake Chew Stoke Chew Magna and Stanton Drew. The river passes under the A37 at Pensford almost making the old church and pub garden into an island.
 One Second After is a 2009 fiction novel by American writer William R. Forstchen. The novel deals with an unexpected electromagnetic pulse attack on the United States as it affects the people living in and around the small American town of Black Mountain North Carolina.Released in March 2009 One Second After and was ranked as number 11 on the New York Times Best Seller list in fiction in May 2009. A trade paperback edition was released in November 2009.
 The Indiana Business Bulletin provides weekly economic analysis forecasting and leading economic indicators to the business community media and policymakers. The website is published and maintained by the Center for Business and Economic Research in the Miller College of Business at Ball State University.
 Discard is an EP by Figurine released in 2002 on 555 Records.
 Mogudu Pellam O Dongodu (Telugu: మొగుడు పెళ్ళాం ఓ దొంగోడు) is a Telugu film directed by Venky. In the film there are only 3 charactersi.e. Raja Shriya and Brahmanandam which makes it different from all the other films.
 Allan Quatermain is a novel by H. Rider Haggard.
 Olivier is an old eroded crater that is located in the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies in a region of dense cratering on all sides. To the east-southeast is a younger but comparably sized crater named Störmer. Southwest of Olivier is the crater Volterra.The southern rim of Olivier is covered by an unusual formation of small craters that lie adjacent to each other and have almost completely obliterated the rim.
 The Chapel of Our Lady of Europe (Spanish: Capilla de Nuestra Señora de Europa) is a Roman Catholic chapel located in the High Square (Spanish: Plaza Alta) of Algeciras (Spain). The popularly known Capillita de Europa (English: Small Chapel of Europe) is considered as the foundational element of the modern city of Algeciras.
 The Macau Mosque and Cemetery (Traditional Chinese: 澳門伊斯蘭清真寺及墳場; Portuguese: Mesquita e Cemitério de Macau) is the only mosque and Muslim cemetery in Macau China.
 Kirk Franklin Presents: Songs For The Storm Vol. 1 is a compilation album by Kirk Franklin.
 Benjamin Abalos Jr. (born 19 July 1962) is a politician from the Republic of the Philippines and is known locally as Benhur. He currently serves as the mayor of Mandaluyong City and is the son of former COMELEC chairman Benjamin Abalos. Abalos is known for the industrial and commercial development of Mandaluyong City.
 The Turn of a Friendly Card is the fifth album by progressive rock band The Alan Parsons Project released in 1980. It focuses on gambling and loosely tells the tale of a middle-aged man who grows restless and takes a chance by going to a casino and betting all he has only to lose it all. The album has a 16-minute title piece which was broken up into five tracks (except the West German CD pressing) with the five sub-tracks listed as sub-sections.
 Daniel Isom was appointed St. Louis' 33rd Chief of Police on October 6 2008 and is St. Louis' third African-American police chief.He joined the St. Louis Police Department on August 29 1988. Promoted through the ranks finally to Major in 2007 he worked as the Special Projects Assistant to the Chief of Police until his promotion to Chief of Police. Isom is the E. Desmond Lee Professor of Policing and the Community at University of Missouri–St.
 The Chențu River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 Don Alonso Fajardo de Entenza y de Guevara Córdoba y Velasco Knight of Alcantara Lord of Espinardo (d. July 1624 in the Philippines) was Spanish Governor-General and Captain-General of the Islands of the Philippines from 3 July 1618 until his death.Fajardo de Tenza was a native of Murcia son of conquistador Don Luis Fajardo de Córdoba and wife Doña Luisa de Tenza Lady of Espinardo and a Knight of the Order of Alcántara.
 Cheshmeh Shirin (Persian: چشمه شيرين‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Shīrīn) is a village in Nahr-e Anbar Rural District Musian District Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Microthelphusa is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae containing the following species: Microthelphusa barinensis Rodríguez 1980 Microthelphusa bolivari Rodríguez 1980 Microthelphusa forcarti (Pretzmann 1967) Microthelphusa ginesi Rodríguez & Esteves 1972 Microthelphusa meansi Cumberlidge 2007 Microthelphusa odaelkae (Bott 1970) Microthelphusa racenisi (Rodríguez 1966) Microthelphusa rodriguezi (Pretzmann 1968) Microthelphusa somanni (Bott 1967) Microthelphusa sucreensis Rodríguez & Campos 2000 Microthelphusa turumikiri Rodríguez 1980 Microthelphusa viloriai Suárez 2006 Microthelphusa wymanni (Rathbun 1905)↑
 Dendropsophus minimus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Free Cocaine is a compilation album by punk rock band The Dwarves released on the Recess label in February 1999. It includes their album Toolin' for a Warm Teabag as well as the Lucifer's Crank EP and several other tracks. Patrick Kennedy of Allmusic describes the compilation as displaying the best of the band and described it as fast-as-hell catchy raunchy hardcore punk.
 Siedliska [ɕedˈlʲiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Piaseczno and 17 km (11 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Murai Maman is a 1995 Tamil language comedy film directed by newcomer Sundar C.. The film features Jayaram and Kushboo in lead roles. The film had musical score by Vidyasagar and was released on 19 May 1995.
 Nurabad (Persian: نوراباد‎ also Romanized as Nūrābād) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 20 families.
 Old Hungarian Fairy Tales was edited and translated from the Hungarian by Baroness Orczy (creator of the famous Scarlet Pimpernel series) in 1895.The illustrations in the book were provided by her husband Montagu Barstow whom she married in 1894.Stories include: Uletka and the White Lizard The Suitors of the Fire Fly The Twin Hunchbacks Mr Cuttlefish's Love Story Forget-me-not The Enchanted cat The Wishing Skin and That's Not True
 Gerald E. Geis is a Republican member of the Wyoming Senate representing the 20th district since 1993. Geis also served in the Senate from 1975 to 1986.
 Dr. Pál Völner (born 30 November 1962) is a Hungarian jurist and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Komárom (Komárom-Esztergom County Constituency IV) since 2010. Currently he is the Secretary of State for National Development since 2 June 2010.
 The Stripefin poacher (Xeneretmus ritteri) is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers). It was described by Charles Henry Gilbert in 1915. It is a marine deep water-dwelling fish which is known from the eastern central Pacific Ocean including southern California USA; Baja California Mexico; and an isolated population in the Gulf of California. It dwells at a depth range of 183-366 metres and inhabits soft benthic sediments.
 The Second C. A. Sawyer House is a historic house at 86 Waban Ave. in Newton Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story brick building was designed by Derby and Robinson and built in 1919. It is a well-executed example of Colonial Revival styling in brick and demonstrates infill construction in established neighborhoods. It is the second of three houses designed by Derby and Robinson for Charles Adrian Sawyer a builder and built between 1910 and 1926.
 Argyropelecus hemigymnus the half-naked hatchetfish short silver hatchetfish or spurred hatchetfish is a deep-sea hatchetfish of the genus Argyropelecus found in mesopelagically in all oceans. It is a small species rarely exceeding 38 millimetres (1.5 in) standard length. It feeds on zooplankton particularly ostracods and copepods. Sexual maturation occurs at length of about 22 mm and adult males have more developed olfactory organs than females i.e. the species is sexually dimorphic.
 BMC Systems Biology is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research in systems biology. The journal was established in 2007 and is published by BioMed Central.
 Our Everlasting (形而上なぼくら Keijijou na Bokura) is a yaoi manga series by Toko Kawai published by Biblos and licensed by Digital Manga Publishing.
 Desert Lady / Fantasy is the fourth recording released by the Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra featuring Lew Tabackin. Not to be confused with the 1989 Lew Tabackin (Quartet) Concord Records release Desert Lady. The album received two Grammy award nominations in the Best Large Jazz Ensemble Performance and (for the song Bebop) Best Arrangement on an Instrumental categories.
 David Hartley Armstrong (October 21 1812 – March 18 1893) was a United States Senator from Missouri. Born in Nova Scotia Canada he attended Maine Wesleyan Seminary and taught school in New Bedford Massachusetts from 1833 to 1837. He moved to St. Louis Missouri in 1837 and then to Lebanon Illinois where he taught at McKendree University. He returned to Missouri and was principal of the public school at Benton from 1838 to 1847 comptroller of St.
 Corotoman was a 17th and 18th century plantation on the Rappahannock River in Lancaster County Virginia United States. Corotoman was the residence of Robert Carter I (1662/63 – 4 August 1732) a colonial Governor of Virginia and one of the wealthiest men in the British colonies in North America. Corotoman was located on a point overlooking the Rappahannock River and flanked by Carter's Creek and Corrotoman River to its east and west respectively.
 Condoleezza Rice (/ˌkɒndəˈliːzə/; born November 14 1954) is an American political scientist and diplomat. She served as the 66th United States Secretary of State and was the second person to hold that office in the administration of President George W. Bush. Rice was the first female African-American secretary of state as well as the second African American secretary of state (after Colin Powell) and the second female secretary of state (after Madeleine Albright).
 The Brewery Art Colony located in Los Angeles has been called the largest live-and-work artists' colony in the world. The compound sits on twenty-one former warehouses – with an old Edison power plant chimney dating to 1903 – house work studios living lofts restaurants and galleries. The Brewery is home to practitioners of a variety of artistic mediums from painting sculpture and photography to industrial design architecture and experimental new media.
 Stiff Upper Lip Live is a DVD made by Australian hard rock band AC/DC during their Stiff Upper Lip World Tour which was supporting their album Stiff Upper Lip. It was recorded on 14 June 2001 at the Olympiastadion in Munich Germany and released to DVD on 4 December 2001 in the USA.
 Earthlings is an album by the Norwegian band Chrome Hill (previously called Damp). The album was released in 2008 by Bolage.Beside the band's regular lineup Eirik Hegdal plays baritone sax on three tracks.
 Rivers of Babylon is a 1991 thriller novel by Peter Pišťanek.The plot focuses on the criminal underworld of Bratislava Slovakia around the time of the Velvet Revolution. The characters - a collection of pimps prostitutes and swindlers - are all seeking to make themselves a better life which in each of their worlds means to deceive use and destroy everyone around them. A villager Rácz is gradually caught up this world of greed money and desire for power.
 Dodger is a novel written by Terry Pratchett set in early Victorian London and inspired by Charles Dickens' character the Artful Dodger.The book was released on 13 September 2012 in the UK.
 Monte Conero (Mount Conero or Monte d'Ancona; Italian pronunciation: [ˈkɔːnero]) is a promontory in Italy situated directly south of the port of Ancona on the Adriatic Sea.The name Conero comes from the Greek name Komaròs that indicates the Strawberry Tree commonly present on the slopes of the mountain.
 Nef Glacier is a glacier located in Laguna San Rafael National Park in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile. It trends southeast from Cerro Largo to its terminus in the lake that shared its name.It is the fifth largest glacier in the Northern Patagonian Ice Field after San Quintín San Rafael Steffen and Colonia.
 Calocochlia is a genus of large air-breathing land snails pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bradybaenidae.
 Uranothauma frederikkae the Cameroon Branded Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of sub-montane forests at altitudes above 1300 meters.
 Battisford Preceptory was a medieval monastic of the Knights of St John house in Suffolk England.
 Live at CBGB is an album of live material recorded in July 2000 at CBGB in New York by the hardcore punk band Kill Your Idols. It was released in August 2005 on Blackout Records.
 Bukova Gora is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Gothic Mountain elevation 12631 ft (3850 m) is a summit in the Elk Mountains of western Colorado. The mountain is north of Crested Butte in Gunnison County.Gothic Mountain takes its name from pinnacles said to resemble Gothic architecture.
 Cikcilli is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 The David Whitney Building is a historic class-A skyscraper located at 1553 Woodward Avenue on the northern edge of Downtown Detroit Michigan within the Grand Circus Park Historic District. The building stands on a wedge-shaped site at the junction of Park Avenue Woodward Avenue and Washington Boulevard. Construction on the 19-floor structure began in 1914. It is planned for redevelopment as an Aloft Hotel in 2014.
 The Juliana Field is the second album by Irish musician Rob Smith. It was released on August 20 2010.Irish music magazine Hot Press described favourably it as as interesting record from a distinctive voice despite a slightly sub-par production for a commercial record. Smith himself commented in detail about the recordings claiming that two tracks included were lo-fi demos that simply didnt sound as fun when recorded in professional studios.
 Den nya nordiska floran (The new Nordic flora) is a Swedish flora from 2003 by Bo Mossberg and Lennart Stenberg with illustrations by Bo Mossberg. It contains descriptions illustrations and distribution maps of all plants in Sweden Denmark Norway (including Svalbard and Spitsbergen) Finland Faroe Islands and Iceland a total of more than 3250 species. It is a sequel to the earlier book Den nordiska floran.
 Looking For A Home is an album by American folk singer Odetta released in 2001. It consists of songs written and/or performed by Huddie Ledbetter better known as Leadbelly.
 Old St. Patrick's Church (also known as Old North Primary School) is a historic church at 512 N. Main Street in Wellington Ohio.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Mary J. Mascher (born September 22 1952) at Mercy Hospital in Iowa City. She attended Ottumwa Heights Jr. College in Ottumwa Iowa in1970-71. She transferred to the University of Iowa and graduated with a degree in elementary education in 1976. In 1982 she received her masters degree in counseling education from the University of Iowa. She was a teacher in the Iowa City Schools from 1976-2009. She is the Iowa State Representative from the 86th District.
 Kai Kodukkum Kai is a 1984 Tamil film starring Rajinikanth and Revathy in the lead roles. A partial remake of the 1976 Kannada Portmanteau film Katha Sangama Kai Kodukkum Kai was written and directed by J. Mahendran. The film was produced by Vijayakumar and R. Vijayachandran.
 Johnny (1980) is a Tamil film directed by Mahendran. It had Rajinikanth and Sridevi in the main roles with Rajinikanth in a dual role.
 Viettesia hampsoni is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1959. It is found in Madagascar.
 All Tomorrow's Parties is a 2009 documentary film directed by All Tomorrow's People and Jonathan Caouette covering the history of the long running All Tomorrow's Parties music festival. Described as a post-punk DIY bricolage the film was created using footage generated by the fans and musicians attending the events themselves on a multitude of formats including Super8 camcorder and mobile phone.
 Mowtowr-e Kal Mohammad Qanbari (Persian: موتوركل محمدقنبري‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Kal Moḩammad Qanbarī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 8 families.
 Art Museum by the Zoo (Hangul: 미술관 옆 동물원; RR: Misulgwan yup dongmulwon) is a 1998 South Korean film.
 Effelder is a 15km tributary river of the Itz in the Sonneberg (Thuringia) and Coburg (Bavaria).
 Vilje Kolo is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 11 people.
 Seyah Kamar (Persian: سياه كمر‎) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 29 families.
 Turbonilla apsa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Mount Cunningham is a mountain at the west end of South Georgia's Esmark Glacier. It is situated between Jossac Bight and Queen Maud Bay. With an elevation of 1218 metres (3996 ft) it is the 16th highest mountain in South Georgia. The mountain was named after Scottish mountaineer John Crabbe Cunningham as a memorial after his death on 31 January 1980 following a climbing accident when struck by waves off Holyhead.
 Viva La Bands Volume 2 is a CD compiled by skater/Jackass Bam Margera featuring songs from some of his favorite artists. It was released on September 4 2007. The majority of songs on the album could originally only be found on this disc with a selection of the songs not released on a studio album to the date.
 Eupalamides boliviensis is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Uranothauma poggei the Striped Heart is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda western Kenya the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kivu Lualaba and Shaba) western Tanzania Malawi northern Zambia Angola Mozambique and eastern Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of Brachystegia woodland and the edges of forests.Adults are on wing from August to October and from February to May in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Albizia gummifera.
 Percy Jackson & the Olympians (also known as Percy Jackson) is an American feature film series based on the novel series of the same name by the author Rick Riordan. The series is distributed by 20th Century Fox produced by 1492 Pictures and currently consists of two installments. The first film Percy Jackson and the Olympians: The Lightning Thief (2010) was directed by Chris Columbus and was released on February 12 2010.
 The Problem of the Old Gristmill (1975) is a mystery short story by Edward D. Hoch. It is the second story featuring Dr. Sam Hawthorn and one of the few that does not contain an impossible murder although an impossible crime does occur.
 Dark Habits (Spanish: Entre tinieblas) is a 1983 Spanish black comedy film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar and starring Julieta Serrano Marisa Paredes and Chus Lampreave. The plot follows a cabaret singer who finds refuge in a convent of eccentric nuns. The film is an exploration of the anachronistic situation of institutionalized religion in contemporary Spanish society portraying spiritual desolation and moral bankruptcy.
 Tripteridia monochasma is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Kunnathunad is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Voore is a village in Saare Parish Jõgeva County in Estonia. With a population of the village was 320 (As of 2011) it's the largest village in the municipality.Voore was the site of Medieval knight manor Roela Manor (Rojel). It was first mentioned in the 16th century when it belonged to the von Brackels. After that it was owned by the von Wrangells and from 1725 till the dispossession in 1919 to the von Lipharts. The historicist 2-storey main building was built in the 1850s–60s.
 Quitacetra is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 Cornwall & Lebanon Railroad Station also known as the Pennsylvania Railroad Station is a historic railway station located in Lebanon Lebanon County Pennsylvania. It was designed by George Watson Hewitt and built in 1885 by the Cornwall & Lebanon Railroad. The building was expanded in 1912. It is a two-story brick brownstone and terra cotta building in an eclectic Victorian style reflecting 17th-century Flemish Romanesque and Chateauesque influences.
 Stone Cold is a 1991 action movie based around a biker gang out to assassinate the governor and free one of their members who is on trial for murder. The movie marked the acting debut of 80s football star Brian Bosworth.
 Still Not Sorry is the debut album by the New York trio MYNT. The album did not appear on any of the Billboard charts though their first single How Did You Know peaked at #3 in the Hot Dance Airplay chart and #97 Billboard Hot 100. Following singles included Stay Still Not Sorry and You're the Only One.
 Pachyodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mazraeh-ye Fakhrabi (Persian: مزرعه فخرابي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Fakhrābī) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Betta dimidiata is a species of gourami endemic to Indonesia. It is an inhabitant of swamp forest and forest streams and grows to a length of 4.6 cm (1.8 in).
 Harold Eugene Ford Jr. (born May 11 1970) is an American politician and was the last chairman of the now-defunct Democratic Leadership Council (DLC). He was a Democratic Party member of the United States House of Representatives from Tennessee's 9th congressional district centered in Memphis from 1997 to 2007. Ford did not seek re-election to his House seat in 2006 when he unsuccessfully sought the Senate seat vacated by retiring Bill Frist.
 J. Dringwell Rymbai (born 26 October 1934) is a politician from Meghalaya India.Born in a poor family he had to discontinue education during his graduation. He became an assistant teacher in a government school. He later obtained a graduate degree as well as a degree in education (B. Ed. - Bachelor of education).
 The Edward R. Stearns House is a historic residence in the city of Wyoming Ohio United States. Built at the turn of the twentieth century it was the home of a business baron and it has been designated a historic site.
 IC in a Sunflower (Japanese: 集積回路のヒマワリ Hepburn: Shūsekikairo no Himawari) is a science fiction josei (targeted towards women) manga written and illustrated by Mitsukazu Mihara. It is a collection of seven unrelated short stories which appeared in the Japanese manga magazine Feel Young from 1994 to 1997. The stories were then collected into a bound volume in Japan by Shodensha on October 18 1997.
 George Bell Timmerman Jr. (August 11 1912 – November 29 1994) was the 105th Governor of South Carolina from 1955 to 1959.Born in Anderson County he was raised in Charleston and graduated from the Citadel. After receiving a law degree from the University of South Carolina he practiced law with his father in Batesburg.
 Asthenotricha candace is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ethiopia.
 The Bridge No. L-5573 also known as the Clinton Falls Bridge and Old Mill Bridge is a historic Pratt through truss steel bridge that spans the Straight River in Clinton Falls Township Steele County Minnesota. The public bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on January 25 1997.
 Also known as Super Hits of the '70s: Have a Nice Day Volume 2 or Super Hits of the '70s Volume 2.
 Those Happy Years (Italian: Anni felici) is a 2013 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Matthew Morrison is the self-titled debut album of Glee star Matthew Morrison released on May 10 2011.
 The Wood Worsted Mill is located at South Union St. and Merrimack Street on the south bank of the Merrimack River in Lawrence Massachusetts. The mill building was constructed between 1906 and 1909 for the American Woolen Company and was dubbed by some locals as the eighth wonder of the world due to its size. It is a six story brick building that is 1300 feet (400 m) long and 125 feet (38 m) and encompasses some 17 miles (27 km) of aisles.
 Neuroscience & Biobehavioral Reviews is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering behavioral neuroscience published by Elsevier. The journal publishes reviews theoretical articles and mini-reviews. It is an official journal of the International Behavioral Neuroscience Society.
 The Belle Brigade is the debut album by American band The Belle Brigade. It was co-produced by them and Matthew Wilder. The album was released on April 19 2011. It has been chosen as one of the best albums released in 2011.
 Patricia 'Patty' A. Lundstrom is an American politician and a Democratic member of the New Mexico House of Representatives representing District 9 since January 2003. Lundstrom served consecutively from January 2001 until January 2003 in the District 5 seat.
 The Strahlhorn (3027 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Aletsch Glacier in the canton of Valais. It lies at the southern end of the Gross Wannenhorn range just north of the Märjelensee.
 The Palau Sacosta Castle (Catalan: Palau Castell de Sacosta) is situated just southeast of Girona Catalonia in the adjoining village of Palau Sacosta.
 Mark Williams ZNZ is the 1990 follow up to Mark Williams first Australian album Life After Dark the albums being released 10 years apart. The album proved to be far more commercially accessible than its predecessor spawning the hit single Show no Mercy his most recognizable and well-known song of his career. The song reached number nine on the Australian charts and was chosen to launch the 1990 Rugby League Grand Final.
 The Golden Bough: A Study in Comparative Religion (retitled The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion in its second edition) is a wide-ranging comparative study of mythology and religion written by the Scottish anthropologist Sir James George Frazer (1854–1941). It was first published in two volumes in 1890; in three volumes in 1900; the third edition published 1906–15 comprised twelve volumes.
 Barbed Wire is a 1927 American silent romance film set in World War I. It stars Pola Negri as a French farmgirl and Clive Brook as the German prisoner of war she falls in love with. The film was based on the novel The Woman of Knockaloe by Hall Caine. Unlike the original novel set in Isle of Man the film takes place in Normandy France. Some plot alterations were made in the adaption including most importantly the insertion of a happy ending.
 Rud Ab-e Sofla (Persian: روداب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Rūd Āb-e Soflá; also known as Rood Ab Rūd Āb Pā’īn and Rūd-e Āb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Garmsar Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 325 in 66 families.
 The Roc de Gleisin is a Massif de la Chartreuse mountain located between Entremont-le-Vieux and Saint-Pierre-d'Entremont districts. Rock bars on its western side also delimit the territory of Corbel district. The summit is 1434 metres (4705 ft) above sea level. The mountain is most composed of limestone.
 Samuel Rich House is a historic home located at Penfield in Monroe County New York. It was originally built in 1816 as a 1 1⁄2-story gable-roofed frame dwelling in the rural vernacular building tradition. It was substantially enlarged in 1832 with the addition of an elegant 2-story five-bay Federal style hipped roof main block.
 The Thirteenth Hour (aka:The 13th Hour) is a 1927 silent film mystery produced and distributed by Metro Goldwyn Mayer and directed by Chester Franklin. The film stars Lionel Barrymore in a role where as noted criminologist Professor Leroy he dons a weird series of disguises to hide a dark secret. This was the first film where Barrymore was cast opposite talented dogs and the first where he was cast as a serial killer.A print of this film survives in 16mm.
 The Gifts of the Child Christ is a collection of fairy tale short stories by 19th century Scottish author George MacDonald edited by Glenn Edward Sadler.
 Zebraman 2: Attack on Zebra City (ゼブラーマン -ゼブラシティの逆襲- Zeburāman -Zebura Shiti no Gyakushū-) is the 2010 sequel to the 2004 film Zebraman. The film features Show Aikawa reprising his leading role from the original and also stars Riisa Naka and Masahiro Inoue. The film's tagline is Let's get ready to fight! (白黒つけるぜ！ Shirokuro tsukeru ze! a pun as it contains the kanji for white (白 shiro) and black (黒 kuro)).
 Lac la Nonne is a lake in central Alberta Canada. It is located between Lac Ste. Anne County and Barrhead County 85 km north-west from Edmonton east of the Grizzly Trail.The lake is controlled by a dam and drains through MacDonald Creek into the Pembina River.
 Twiste (Diemel) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Shine: The Best of Annie Crummer is a greatest hits album by New Zealand singer Annie Crummer released in 2002.
 Hello Summer Goodbye is a science fiction novel by British author Michael G.
 The H. epicurus is a member of the family Lycaenidae.
 The Bogardus-DeWindt House is located on Tompkins Avenue a short distance west of NY 9D in Beacon New York United States. It typifies the houses built in the region between 1750 and 1830 and has largely remained in its original form even as newer housing has been built in the neighborhood.During that time the Hudson Valley was experiencing a new wave of settlement by New Englanders moving west.
 Grodzisko [ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Żytno 30 km (19 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 105 km (65 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 For the Camp Lo album see Uptown Saturday Night (album)Uptown Saturday Night is a 1974 comedy film written by Richard Wesley and directed by Sidney Poitier who also stars in this film along with Bill Cosby and Harry Belafonte. Cosby and Poitier teamed up again for Let's Do It Again (1975) and A Piece of the Action (1977). Although their characters have different names in each film the three films are considered to be a trilogy.
 Pushaw Lake is a lake in Penobscot County Maine United States about 6.5 miles (10.5 km) north of downtown Bangor and 4.5 mi (7.2 km) west of downtown Orono. The lake is part of the towns of Orono Old Town Hudson and Glenburn. There are roads and private residences along much of the lake except the southeastern side where the Caribou Bog complex borders the lake. A small dam was constructed in 1920 at the lake's outflow to maintain constant water levels.
 Skarżyce [skarˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Strzegom 14 km (9 mi) north of Świdnica and 48 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 John M. Rusche (born December 3 1950 in Waukesha Wisconsin) is a Democratic Idaho State Representative since 2012 representing District 6 in the B seat; Rusche served 8 years in the District 6 B seat and has served as the minority leader since January 11 2010.
 The Cray House is a two-room house in Stevensville Maryland. Built around 1809 it is a rare surviving example of post-and-plank construction and of a build of small house which once dominated the local landscape. For these reasons it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Moskovskij Komsomolets (Russian: Московский комсомолец) is a Moscow-based daily newspaper with a circulation approaching one million covering general news. Founded in 1919 it is now regarded as publishing sensational or provocative items on Russian politics and society.[citation needed]MK is also known as host for Russia's oldest hit parade - the Zvukovaya Dorozhka (Sound Track in Russian).
 Flugblat (Yiddish: פלוג בלאט 'Leaflet') was a Yiddish-language daily newspaper published from Vilna between October 13 1915 and January 1916 (i.e. during the German occupation of the city). Flugblat was the first Yiddish newspaper to appear in Vilna following the Russian ban on non-Cyrillic press a few months earlier.
 Jagga (Punjabi: ਜੱਗਾ) is a 1964 Punjabi film directed by Jugal Kishore starring Dara Singh Indira Khairati Amarnath Jugal Kishore Majnu and more.
 James Thomas Jim Kolbe (born June 28 1942) is a former Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Arizona's 5th congressional district 1985–2003 and 8th congressional district 2003–2007.
 The Aripuana Antwren (Herpsilochmus stotzi) is a bird in the Antbird family described as new to science in 2013.It is found in central Amazonian Brazil.
 João da Silveira (also known as João da Silva) was the first Captain of Portuguese Ceylon. Silveira was appointed in 1518 under Manuel I of Portugal. He was succeeded by Lopo de Brito.
 The Sierra Nevada (/siˈɛrə nɨˈvɑːdə/ or /nɨˈvædə/ Spanish: [ˈsjera neˈβaða] snowy range) is a mountain range in the western United States between the Central Valley of California and the Basin and Range Province. The vast majority of the range lies in the state of California although the Carson Range spur lies primarily in Nevada. The Sierra runs 400 miles (640 km) north-to-south and is approximately 70 miles (110 km) across east-to-west.
 Parornix compressa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Afghanistan and Pakistan.
 Goliszowiec [ɡɔliˈʂɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaklików within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Zaklików 9 km (6 mi) north of Stalowa Wola and 70 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 140.
 The grassland mosaic-tailed rat or grassland melomys (Melomys burtoni) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found in Australia and Papua New Guinea.
 George Cleaveland Higgins (November 19 1845 – August 15 1933) was a Massachusetts politician who served as a Lynn Massachusetts city councilor a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as the 22nd Mayor of Lynn Massachusetts.Higgins was born in Orleans Massachusetts on November 19 1845. In 1862 Higgins moved to Lynn Massachusetts. He died in 1933.
 Victory at Entebbe is a made-for-television film from 1976 based on an actual event: Operation Entebbe and the freeing of Israeli hostages at Entebbe Airport (now Entebbe International Airport) in Uganda. The airport is Uganda's main airport and is situated near the capital city of Kampala Uganda.The film starred Anthony Hopkins Burt Lancaster Elizabeth Taylor Richard Dreyfuss and Kirk Douglas and was directed by Marvin J. Chomsky.
 Robert Alai is a Kenyan internet entrepreneur and cyber-activist. Alai who runs his own information technology web-log at Techmtaa.com has earned notoriety for his relentless stream of social media opinions that inform entertain and not unusually embarrassing public officials in Nairobi. He has been sued and briefly incarcerated for his highly opinionated political and sometimes personal attacks on politicians government officials and business leaders.
 Putilla aoteana is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea. It is the type species of the genus.
 Zion is the third studio album by Australian contemporary Christian and alternative rock band Hillsong United. Production for the album began in March 2011 in Sydney Australia. The album was released on 22 February 2013 for Australia and 26 February Internationally. The album is available in standard and Deluxe Edition (CD + DVD) plus digital.
 Starzykowo [staʐɨˈkɔvɔ] (German: Groß Stärkenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Iława and 68 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 The Rubinoos was the 1977 debut album by American power pop band The Rubinoos. It was rereleased a number of times on different labels with Bonus Tracks. The Rubinoos rereleased it again on their own label November 30 2011 (Bonus tracks listed below).
 Torres Llaves de Oro is the complex of two twins skyscrapers Torre Llaves de Oro 1 and Torre Llaves de Oro 2. Are located in Valencia Spain. Completed in 2003 has 26 floors and rises 90 metres. These are some of the tallest buildings in the city lower than Hilton Valencia Torre de Francia Aqua Multiespacio; have the same height as the very similar Ademuz buildings.
 Ameryczka [amɛˈrɨt͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Szubin 17 km (11 mi) south of Nakło nad Notecią and 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 109.
 Eyewitness is a 1956 British thriller film directed by Muriel Box and starring Donald Sinden Muriel Pavlow Belinda Lee Michael Craig Nigel Stock and Richard Wattis. It was made by the Rank Organisation.
 Okurowo [ɔkuˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Kolno and 91 km (57 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 135.
 Çavuşlu is a village in the District of Hopa Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 575 people.
 William Scott Farmstead also known as the Roberts House and Ennis Pond House is a historic home located near Windsor Isle of Wight County Virginia. The house was built about 1775 and is a two-story five bay gable roofed brick dwelling. It has a rear frame addition dated to the mid- to late-19th century. The front facade features a pedimented one bay porch supported by Doric order columns. The interior retains much of its early Federal interior woodwork.
 I Am Number Four is a young adult science fiction novel and movie by Pittacus Lore (the pseudonym of James Frey and Jobie Hughes) and the first book in the Lorien Legacies series.
 Palitsi Reservoir is a reservoir the village of Palitsi Elena Municipality Bulgaria.This reservoir is part of the Stara Planina mountain range approximately 10 km east of the town of Elena. The waters of the lake are bred with carp white fish and perch which makes it suitable for fishing.The lake offers excellent conditions for vacations recreation camping picnics walks in nature water sports and sunbathing.
 The Cunaú River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Bile River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Beard's Roman Women is a 1976 novel by British novelist Anthony Burgess. Dated Montalbuccio-Monte Carlo-Eze-Callian Summer 1975 according to Burgess it was written in the back of his Bedford Dormobile and partly in the bedroom of a small hotel run by Swiss homosexuals (You've Had Your Time).The novel is set in Rome and is apparently based on Burgess's experience of being widowed in the mid-1960s.Photographs in the original edition were by David Robinson.
 Open Your Heart is the third studio album by the Brooklyn punk rock band The Men released March 6 2012 on Sacred Bones Records. The album saw a change in sound for The Men being less aggressive than the band's previous album Leave Home and incorporating influences from classic rock country music and surf-rock. The album received mostly positive reviews.
 The Florida Ridge Hills are a small ridge of hills made of rock and mud that are found in the Florida panhandle Southwest Georgia and Southeast Alabama.
 My Ántonia (pronounced with the accent on the first syllable of Ántonia) is a novel published in 1918 by American writer Willa Cather considered one of her greatest works. It is the final book of her prairie trilogy of novels preceded by O Pioneers! and The Song of the Lark.
 Glyphic is the second album by electronic musician Boxcutter.
 John James Robert Manners 7th Duke of Rutland KG GCB PC (13 December 1818 – 4 August 1906) known as Lord John Manners before 1888 was an English statesman.
 The Dusky Large Blue (Phengaris nausithous) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Armenia Austria Azerbaijan Belarus Bulgaria Czech Republic France Georgia Germany Hungary Kazakhstan Moldova Montenegro Poland Romania Russia Serbia Slovenia Spain Switzerland and Ukraine.Life cycle of this species is strongly related to Sanguisorba officinalis (Great Burnet).
 Moelleriopsis abyssicola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 The Hit Parade is a 2002 album by PUFFY. Tracks in this album are covers of hits from the 1970s and 1980s. The album peaked at No. 10 on the Japanese Albums Chart.
 Winsome McCaughey (née Howell) was Lord Mayor of Melbourne from 1988-1989. She was the second woman to hold that position after succeeding Alexis Ord. When her term as mayor ended she headed Melbourne's bid for the 1996 Olympic Games. She also spent three years as the CEO of the Australia New Zealand Food Authority.
 Gresvatnet or Grasvatnet (Southern Sami: Graesiejaevrie) is a lake on the border between Norway and Sweden. Most of the lake lies in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county (Norway) and then a small portion crosses the border into Storuman Municipality in Västerbotten county (Sweden). The lake lies about 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of the village of Korgen and just a few kilometres northeast of the mountain Oksskolten and the Okstindbreen glacier.
 Susan M. Lynn (born in Philadelphia Pennsylvania) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives representing District 57 since January 8 2013. Lynn served non-consecutively from January 2003 until January 2011.
 Corinne Narassiguin (born March 7 1975 in Saint Paul Réunion) is a French politician and former member of the National Assembly of France. She was elected on the 17 June 2012 in the 2012 legislative election representing the North American constituency of French residents abroad. She represents the Socialist Party and the Greens.
 The Mansion is a novel by the American author William Faulkner written in 1959. It is the last in a trilogy of books about the fictional Snopes family of Mississippi following The Hamlet and The Town. It charts the plotted downfall of Flem Snopes by his relative Mink Snopes in part aided by Flem's deaf veteran daughter Linda Snopes.
 Hundhotellet – En mystisk historia is a Swedish animated detective mystery/surreal film from 2000 directed by Per Åhlin who also wrote the script together with Hans Åke Gabrielsson. The film is traditionally animated by hand the last film in Sweden to be produced in that style.
 El Trapiche is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Albu Nisi (Persian: البونيسي‎ also Romanized as Ālbū Nīsī) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 673 in 96 families.
 Physical Review is an American peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1893 by Edward Nichols. It publishes original research as well as scientific and literature reviews on all aspects of physics. It is published by the American Physical Society (APS). The journal is in its third series and is split in several sub-journals each covering a particular field of physics. It has a sister journal Physical Review Letters which publishes shorter articles of broader interest.
 Maradana is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Moore in 1884.
 Cecil Otter's False Hopes is the first official release from Cecil Otter a founding member of Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree. It is one of False Hopes albums released by Doomtree.
 Phryganopteryx saalmuelleri is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1924. It is found in Madagascar.
 The Stevenston Canal was a waterway in North Ayrshire Scotland built for Robert Reid Cunningham of Seabank (now Auchenharvie) and Patrick Warner of the Ardeer Estate which ran to the port of Saltcoats from Ardeer and Stevenston with a number of short branches to coal pits along the length of the cut. The canal opened on September 19 1772 the first commercial canal in Scotland.
 The Pirates of Pompeii is a children's historical novel set in Roman times by Caroline Lawrence. The novel is the third in the Roman Mysteries series.
 Mount Stevenson el. 10230 feet (3120 m) is a mountain peak in the Absaroka Range of Yellowstone National Park. Mount Stevenson was named in 1871 by geologist Ferdinand Hayden during the Hayden Geological Survey of 1871 for his friend and chief assistant James Stevenson (1840–1888). Stevenson who had run away from home as a young boy first met Hayden in 1853 during an exploration of the Dakota Badlands. In 1866 Stevenson began working for Hayden and did so until 1879.
 Nada Es Igual (Nothing is the same) is the third studio album from Spanish artist Chenoa recorded in Milan at the summer of 2005 and produced by the prestigious Dado Parisini. Chenoa’s music takes a new direction in this pop-rock CD Nada es igual. The album sold more than 100000 copies in Spain and was also a success in many Latin-American countries.
 Kholqabad (Persian: خلق اباد‎ also Romanized as Kholqābād and Khalqābād; also known as Khāleqābād and Khuliābād) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 15 families.
 Avian Diseases is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research on diseases of birds. It was established in 1957 and is published by the American Association of Avian Pathologists. The editor-in-chief is Y. M. Saif (Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center/Ohio State University). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.734.
 Sonny Boy Williamson & the Yardbirds is a live album by Chicago blues veteran Sonny Boy Williamson II backed by English blues-rock band The Yardbirds. It was recorded in England at the Crawdaddy Club in Richmond Surrey on December 8 1963.When Williamson visited London with the (September/October) 1963 American Folk Blues Festival tour he attended a Yardbirds concert near the festival. He returned shortly afterwards for a small club tour of England and to record this album.
 Geommasan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1017 metres.
 The Mangapai River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It is perhaps better described as a silty arm of Whangarei Harbour located 10 kilometres due south of Whangarei. Its average width is some four kilometres but the silty nature of its course means that the stream itself is far narrower.
 Some Kind of Heroin is the first remix album by Norwegian solo artist Mortiis.The album is a collection of remixes of songs taken from Mortiis' previous album The Grudge.In a press release Mortiis has said:I'm really stoked we finally got to do a remix album and since it's been in process for quite some time now I'm happy to be able to finally release it.
 Ephialtias is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family. It consists of the following species:abrupta species group:Ephialtias abrupta (Hübner 1806)Ephialtias choba (Druce 1899)Ephialtias consueta (Walker 1854)Ephialtias dorsispilota Warren 1905Ephialtias monilis (Hübner 1806)Ephialtias pseudena (Boisduval 1870)Ephialtias velutinum (Butler 1878)bryce species group:Ephialtias bryce (Walker 1854)Ephialtias draconis (Druce 1885)Ephialtias tenuifascia (Prout 1918)
 Machine + Soul is the fourteenth studio album by musician Gary Numan released in 1992. It was a low point released primarily to help pay off debt and was the last of his efforts to make his music more radio-friendly. His subsequent work went in the much darker and more industrial direction that would revive his career.Numan's two previous studio albums 1988's Metal Rhythm and 1991's Outland had been released through IRS Records.
 Di Tsayt (Yiddish: די צײט 'The Time') was a Yiddish language weekly newspaper published from Saint Petersburg Russia. It was an organ of the General Jewish Labour Bund. Whilst the editorial team of Di Tsayt was based in the Austrian capital of Vienna officially Saint Petersburg was the site of publishing for the journal. Prominent editors included Esther Frumkin Raphael Abramovitch Vladimir Medem Henryk Ehrlich Moisei Rafes and D.
 James Wiley Nielsen (born July 31 1944 in Fresno California) is an American politician from California currently serving in the California State Senate representing the 4th district. He is a Republican. Nielsen served on the Yolo County Republican Committee before winning election to the California State Senate in 1978. Nielsen also served in the California State Assembly.
 Cibyra lagopus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Surinam.
 Janin [ˈjanin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Starogard Gdański and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 130.
 Pentastomida are an enigmatic group of parasitic invertebrates commonly known as tongue worms due to the resemblance of the species of the genus Linguatula to a vertebrate tongue.There are about 130 extant species of pentastomids; all are obligate parasites with correspondingly degenerate anatomy. Adult tongue worms vary from about 1 to 14 centimetres (0.4 to 5.5 in) in length and parasitise the respiratory tracts of vertebrates. They have five anterior appendages.
 Slunt is the debut extended play (EP) by American alternative rock band Slunt released on November 16 2004. All songs (except Inside) were later re-recorded for the band's debut album Get a Load of This in 2005.
 Bristol Mall is the only regional shopping mall serving Bristol Virginia. Anchor stores of the mall comprise two Belk stores as well as JCPenney and Sears. One of the Belk stores was previously Parks-Belk while the other which opened as Miller's Department Store later became Hess's and then Proffitt's.In April 1999 Bristol Mall was sold to Aronov Realty Management of Montgomery Ala. from an affiliate of Urban Retail Properties Chicago for $25 million
 Signing Off is the debut album by British reggae band UB40 released in the UK on 29 August 1980 by Dudley-based independent label Graduate Records. It was an immediate success in their home country reaching number 2 on the UK albums chart and made UB40 the most popular reggae band in Britain several years before the band found international fame.
 The Northside Village Historic District is a historic district on Stafford Street Northside and Cemetery Roads in Charlton Massachusetts. One of its more imprtant structures is the Rider Tavern a large c. 1797 building that was a major stop on the stagecoach route.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Trial of St. Orange is the second album of the Montreal-based collective Shalabi Effect.
 The Roper Hotel is located at 707 Third Street in the city of Marble Falls county of Burnet in the U.S. state of Texas. It was erected circa 1888. The hotel was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1981 and added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Burnet County Texas on January 8 1980. The two-story structure was originally built by George and Elizabeth Roper.
 Oyster Creek (Texas) is a river in Texas that rises north of Richmond in Fort Bend County and flows southeast to the Gulf of Mexico in Brazoria County. The creek is parallel to and just east of the Brazos River. The entire stream no longer follows its natural course because the upper section empties into canals below Sugar Land. The lower section drains into the Intracoastal Waterway near Surfside Beach.
 The Palk Strait (Tamil: பாக் சலசந்தி) is a strait between the Tamil Nadu state of India and the Mannar district of the Northern Province of the island nation of Sri Lanka. It connects the Bay of Bengal in the northeast with the Palk Bay and thence with the Gulf of Mannar in the southwest. The strait is 33 to 50 miles (53 to 80 km) wide. Several rivers flow into it including the Vaigai River of Tamil Nadu.
 Diala Banlieue (also Dyalla) is a village and principal settlement (chef-lieu) of the commune of Liberté Dembaya in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.
 Kleymenov is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located near the east-northeastern outer wall of the huge walled plain Apollo and to the west-northwest of the large crater Chebyshev. To the north is Mariotte.This is an older worn feature particularly along the western edge where ejecta material covers the rim and part of the inner walls and floor.
 György Keleti (born 18 May 1946 in Losonc) is a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Defence between 1994 and 1998.
 Żabieniec [ʐaˈbjɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bądkowo within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bądkowo 18 km (11 mi) south of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 38 km (24 mi) south of Toruń.
 The blotched sandskate (Psammobatis bergi) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family. It is found in Argentina Brazil and Uruguay. Its natural habitat is open seas.
 Mlewo [ˈmlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Kowalewo Pomorskie 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Golub-Dobrzyń and 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Scopula acinosa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on the island of São Tomé.
 Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness is U.S.
 The Wilson–Chambers Mortuary located in north Portland Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Lower Klamath Lake is a lake in Siskiyou County California that currently serves to hold overflow water for irrigation. At one time it was connected to Upper Klamath Lake.The lake is near California's border with Oregon and the Lower Klamath National Wildlife Refuge (established in 1908) which covers the northern part of the lake extends into Oregon as well.The area around the lake was the home of the Modoc people prior to European contact.
 The Grey-and-buff Woodpecker (Hemicircus concretus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar Singapore and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Kabru is a mountain in the Himalayas on the border of India and eastern Nepal.
 Oligia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Austins Bridge is the debut album from the band of the same name which was released on February 27 2007.
 The Elliot's Forest Lizard' (Calotes ellioti) is an agamid lizard found in the Western Ghats India.
 Vanishing Africa is the title of the 1982 English-language translation of German film director Leni Riefenstahl's 'Mein Afrika' an illustrations book published in the same year in Germany. It was published by Harmony Books in the United States.
 The Cebu Provincial Capitol is the seat of the provincial government of Cebu in the Philippines. Located at the north end of Osmeña Boulevard in Cebu City it was designed by Juan M. Arellano a Filipino architect best known for the Manila Metropolitan Theater (1935) the Legislative Building (1926; now the National Museum of the Philippines) and the Manila Central Post Office (1926).
 The Tale of Sweeney Todd is a 1998 American television movie directed by John Schlesinger. The teleplay by Peter Buckman was adapted from a story by Peter Shaw. It was broadcast in the United States by Showtime on April 19 1998 and released on videotape in France the following month. It later was released as a feature film in select foreign markets.
 The Curuá River (Iriri River) is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Hi... We're The Miracles is the first album by Motown's first group The Miracles released on Motown's Tamla subsidiary label in the summer of 1961.
 Natsuiro Kiseki (夏色キセキ lit. A Summer-Colored Miracle) is a Japanese anime television series produced by Sunrise and directed by Seiji Mizushima. The series aired on MBS between April and June 2012. A manga adaptation illustrated by Tatsuhiko was serialized in Square Enix's Young Gangan magazine between January 2012 and March 2013.
 Sebastiano Baggio (16 May 1913 – 22 March 1993) was an Italian cardinal the President of the Pontifical Commission for Vatican City State in 1984 and the prefect of the Sacred Congregation for Bishops in 1978. When he died at the age of 79 he was the Camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church and a sub dean of the College of Cardinals.Born in Rosà Veneto Sebastiano was ordained a priest on 21 December 1935 at the age of 22 in Vicenza.
 Samsaram Adhu Minsaram (English: (lit.) Family Life is like Electricity) is a 1986 Tamil family drama film directed by Visu dealing about the day-to-day travesty and triumph in an ordinary joint family in Tamil Nadu. Starring Visu himself along with Lakshmi and Raghuvaran the film released on 18 July 1986 and won the National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment and Filmfare Best Film Award in 1987.
 John Williams Walker (August 12 1783 – April 23 1823) was an American politician who served as the Democratic-Republican United States senator from the state of Alabama the first senator elected by that state.Walker was born August 12 1783 in Amelia County Virginia of Scots-Irish heritage the son of Rev. Jeremiah Walker and Mary Jane Graves. He was educated at the prestigious Willington Academy of Dr.
 Ethmia powelli is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in the Florida Keys.The length of the forewings is 4-4.7 mm for males and 4.1-4.9 mm for females. The ground color of the forewings is silvery white with numerous black spots. The ground color of the hindwings is unicolorous pale gray with dark gray at margin. Adults are on wing in June and August.
 Tomodon is a genus of colubrid snakes which are endemic to South America. Three species are currently recognized. Tomodon dorsatus A.M.C. Duméril Bibron & A.H.A. Duméril 1854 Tomodon ocellatus A.M.C. Duméril Bibron & A.H.A. Duméril 1854Tomodon orestes Harvey & Muñoz 2004↑ ↑
 Iuliu Nosa (born September 25 1956) is a politician from Romania. He served as the Mayor of Zalău and as a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Romania.
 The Varsity is one of the main student newspapers of the University of Toronto. In publication since 1880 it is the second-oldest student newspaper in Canada. The paper publishes weekly during the university semesters and online throughout the year. Originally a broadsheet daily it now issues in compact form. The paper focuses on campus affairs and issues directly relevant to all U of T students.
 The Bridge of San Luis Rey is a 1944 drama film made by Benedict Bogeaus Productions and released by United Artists. It was produced and directed by Rowland V. Lee with Benedict Bogeaus as co-producer. The screenplay by Howard Estabrook and Herman Weissman was adapted from the novel The Bridge of San Luis Rey by Thornton Wilder. The music score was by Dimitri Tiomkin and the cinematography by John W. Boyle and an uncredited John J.
 Hesar-e Babaganjeh (Persian: حصارباباگنجه‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Bābāganjeh) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 15 families.
 Mahonia Hall in Salem Oregon United States is the official governor's mansion for Oregon. The building was acquired by the state in 1988 with private donations. It is also known as the T. A. Livesley House or Thomas and Edna Livesley Mansion after its original owners. The house was renamed Mahonia Hall after the scientific name of the Oregon-grape Mahonia aquifolium Oregon's state flower.
 The Garden of Sinners: Overlooking View (空の境界 第一章 俯瞰風景 Kara no Kyōkai Dai-Isshō: Fukan Fūkei) is a 2007 Japanese animated film produced by ufotable based on the Kara no Kyōkai novels by Kinoko Nasu. It is the first installment in the series followed by A Study in Murder – Part 1 (2007).
 My Forsaken Star or My Star in What Sky are English names used to refer to the Korean-language autobiography of Annie Park. The book's English subtitle was Question Forever.Park the Eurasian daughter of a South Korean prostitute and an American soldier stationed in South Korea found out about her mother's occupation one night at age six by following her to work; as Park returned home that same night she was lured into an alley and sexually assaulted by a stranger.
 Fermat's Last Theorem is a popular science book by Simon Singh. It tells the story of the search for a proof of Fermat's last theorem first conjectured by Pierre de Fermat in 1637. Despite the efforts of many mathematicians the proof would remain incomplete until as late as 1995 with the publication of Andrew Wiles' proof of the Theorem.In the United States the book was released as Fermat's Enigma: The Epic Quest to Solve the World's Greatest Mathematical Problem.
 Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont is a 2005 US-produced comedy-drama film based on the 1971 novel by Elizabeth Taylor. It was directed by Dan Ireland and produced by Lee Caplin Carl Colpaert and Zachary Matz from a screenplay by Ruth Sacks.The film stars Joan Plowright and Rupert Friend with Zoe Tapper Anna Massey Robert Lang Marcia Warren Georgina Hale Millicent Martin Michael Culkin and Anna Carteret.
 Eight Tales is a collection of stories by author Walter de la Mare. It was released in 1971 and was the author's first collection of stories published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 2992 copies. The stories were all written under de la Mare's pseudonym Walter Ramal and had not appeared previously in book form.
 The Bagmati River (Nepal Bhasa:बागमती खुसी Nepali: बागमती नदी) is a river of Nepal. It flows through the Kathmandu valley and separates Kathmandu from Lalitpur. It is considered a holy river by Hindus and Buddhists. A number of Hindu temples are located on its banks. The importance of Bagmati also lies in the fact that Hindus are cremated on the banks of this holy river and Kirants are buried in the hills by its side.
 Arkivoc (Archive for Organic Chemistry) is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering all aspects of organic chemistry. it is published by the non-profit organisation Arkat USA which was established in 2000 through a personal donation from Alan R. Katritzky and Linde Katritzky. Arkat's primary goal is to publish Arkivoc. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.057 ranking it 40th out of 55 journals in the category Chemistry Organic.
 The Everhart Museum is a non-profit art and natural history museum located in Nay Aug Park in Scranton Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1908 by Dr. Isaiah Fawkes Everhart a local medical doctor and skilled taxidermist. Many of the specimens in the museum's extensive ornithological collection came from Dr.
 Evans-Tibbs House is an historic house in the Shaw neighborhood of Washington D.C. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 1985 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It is a contributing property in the Greater U Street Historic District.
 Cyclophora rufiplaga is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Songs for Justice is an charity compilation released by the non-profit company Rock For Justice that fight against global poverty and social injustice on 7 May 2013.
 3 EPs is a full-length CD by New Zealand band Tall Dwarfs released in 1994. The CD consists of three parts A Question Of Medical Ethics Up The Down Staircase and Sam's Spaniel which apparently at the same time were also released as three vinyl EPs collected in one box.
 Rankonosi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Hymns for Strange Children is the début album from London-based glam rockers Rachel Stamp.
 Wilbur Joseph Cohen (June 10 1913 – May 17 1987) was an American social scientist and federal civil servant. He was one of the key architects in the creation and expansion of the American welfare state and was involved in the creation of both the New Deal and Great Society programs.
 Rumbach (Ruhr) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Yellow-crowned Brush-tailed Rat Isothrix bistriata is a South American brush-tailed rat species from the Echimyidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru and Venezuela. They are nocturnal and arboreal animals found in lowland evergreen rainforest probably restricted to igapó and várzea habitats. Sometimes they can be seen at the entrances of their dens in tree holes (specially hollow palms) on the borders of rivers.
 Lizardo Montero Flores (1832 in Piura Peru – 1905) was Vice President and President of Peru from 1881 to 1883 during the War of the Pacific.Lizardo Montero joined the Peruvian Navy in the decade of 1850. Seven years later aboard the frigate Apurímac he supported Manuel Ignacio de Vivanco's coup. Between 1858 and 1862 he travelled to Spain.In 1865 he supported General Mariano Ignacio Prado in his coup d'état against General Juan Antonio Pezet.
 Stary Bidaczów [ˈstarɨ biˈdat͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Biłgoraj and 85 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 324.
 Apolemichthys trimaculatus also known as the Three-spots angelfish is a demersal Marine fish belonging to the family Pomacanthidae or commonly called Angelfishes.
 The Clinger-Booth House at 468 S. Main St. in Orem Utah was built c.1894. It was modified in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Jalal Muhammad Mansur al-Digheily sometimes transliterated al-Dogheily is a Libyan politician who served as the Defence Minister of Libya under the National Transitional Council during the 2011 Libyan civil war. Digheily succeeded Omar El-Hariri no later than 19 May 2011 after the latter was relieved over ongoing tensions with General Abdul Fatah Younis then the National Liberation Army chief.
 The Joseph F. and Anna B. Schrot Farm is a 17-acre (6.9 ha) subsistence farm located at 880 Carbon Mine Road in Lawrence Township Clearfield County Pennsylvania. The farm was established in 1889 by Joseph F. and Anna B. Schrot a stonemason and his wife who immigrated to Clearfield County from Austria in 1883. Stone quarries at nearby Curwensville had created a local demand for masons and Joseph Schrot was one of many Europeans who came to Clearfield County to take construction work.
 The Princess Diaries Volume IX: Princess Mia released in the United Kingdom as The Princess Diaries: To The Nines is a young adult book in the critically acclaimed Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot it was released in the USA on December 26 2007 by Harper Collins Publishers and is the ninth novel in the series.
 Three Days is an American television film directed by Michael Switzer and starring Kristin Davis and Tim Meadows. This television film premiered on Fox Family in 2001 on their 25 Days of Christmas programming block. It was filmed in Halifax Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Bull River is an 8.1-mile-long (13.0 km) tidal river in the U.S. state of Georgia running through Chatham County east of Savannah. At its north end it connects via St. Augustine Creek and the Wilmington River with the Savannah River. Its south end is at Wassaw Sound leading to the Atlantic Ocean. The Bull River flows between Wilmington Island to the west and McQueens Island and Little Tybee Island to the east. The river is crossed by one bridge carrying U.S.
 William Randall Allen QC (June 29 1919 – October 1 1985) was a Toronto politician who served as the Chairman of the Municipality of Metropolitan Toronto from 1962 to 1969 and is the namesake of the W.R. Allen Road highway. Metropolitan Toronto was created by the Province of Ontario in 1952 and comprised Toronto North York Scarborough Etobicoke York and East York.
 Hydrobia is a genus of very small brackish water snails with a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Under the Red Robe is a 1937 British / American film directed by Victor Sjöström. Previously filmed as a 1923 silent directed by Alan Crosland. Before the films a play had been produced on Broadway in 1896-97 starring Viola Allen and William Faversham.
 Christine May (born 23 March 1948 Dublin) is a Labour Co-operative politician and was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Fife Central constituency from 2003 to 2007.
 Togari - The Sword of Justice (トガリ Togari) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshinori Natsume. The story follows orphan Tobei who was beheaded for committing countless crimes in the Edo period and sent to Hell where he suffered for 300 years. The regent of Hell makes Tobei an offer to slay 108 Togas (spiritual manifestations of sin) in 108 days in 21st-century Japan with Togari a magical sword.
 The Iris Bay is a 32-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 170 m (558 ft). Construction of the Iris Bay was expected to be completed in 2008 but progress stopped in 2011 and building is on hold.
 Ambient is the second studio album by American electronica musician Moby. It was released on August 17 1993 and received mediocre reviews; Moby did not gain any real acclaim for his 1990s electronic dance music albums until he released Everything Is Wrong in 1995.Ambient unlike most other Moby studio albums has never been re-released in a special edition or a remastered issue.
 Gammel Køgegård is a manor house located just west of Køge Denmark.
 Gilginie [ɡilˈɡiɲe] (German Gillgehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Miłakowo 37 km (23 mi) north of Ostróda and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Mammal Review is a zoology journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Mammal Society covering all areas of mammalian biology and ecology. The journal is edited by Klaus Hackländer with Nancy Jennings as the Managing Editor.The journal has a current Impact Factor of 2.515 13/145 (Zoology) making it a leading journal if the field of mammalogy.
 Nechí River is a river of northwestern Colombia. It flows into the Cauca River. Nechí River rises in the municipality of Yarumal and serves as a boundary between the municipalities of Antioquia Campamento Angostura Anorí Yarumal Valdivia Tarazá Cáceres Zaragoza El Bagre Caucasia and Nechí. Significant gold deposits have been found in the area.
 365 (Chinese: 365 天) is Taiwanese Mandopop trio boyband JPM's second studio Mandarin album. It was first released on 30 November 2012 by Sony Music (Taiwan).
 The Max Petersen House is located on the west side of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979 as the Max Petersen House. It is also a part of the Marycrest College Historic District.
 Grochy-Łętownica [ˈɡrɔxɨ wɛntɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 90.
 The Saint-Martin's Church (Sint-Maartenskerk in Dutch) is the main church and one of the principal Gothic monuments of Kortrijk Flanders Belgium. The church is dedicated to the saint Martin of Tours and was built between 1390 and 1466. This church was built after the devastation of the first gothic Saint Martin's church which was located at the place where before a Roman church stood (built in 650).
 Last Stand is a film of the final concert appearances by Australian rock band Cold Chisel. It was filmed on 13 and 15 December 1983 and released to cinemas in July 1984. A DVD version featuring extra footage was issued in October 2005.
 Jeżewo [jɛˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Łęczyce 22 km (14 mi) west of Wejherowo and 49 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Ochsenheimeria lovyi is a moth of the Ypsolophidae family. It is found in Tunisia.The larvae feed on Juncus maritimus.
 Monochroa arundinetella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the Pyrenees Alps and Hungary and from Great Britain to Ukraine.The wingspan is 10–12 mm.The larvae feed on Carex acutiformis Carex riparia and Carex rostrata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a narrow long corridor. It may change direction. The larva may leave the mine and restart elsewhere. Pupation takes place within the mine in a white cocoon.
 Šumice (Serbian: Шумице) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Marco Antônio de Oliveira Maciel (born Recife 21 July 1940) is a Brazilian politician. He is a lawyer and a law school professor. He was a founder of the conservative PFL party former ARENA and was twice elected vice-president in the same ticket as center-left President Fernando Henrique Cardoso in 1994 and 1998. He served the entire term of office from 1 January 1995 to 1 January 2003.
 Mountain Strawberries (산딸기 - Sanddalgi) also known as Wild Strawberry is a 1982 South Korean film directed by Kim Su-hyeong. It was the first entry in the Mountain Strawberries series inspiring five sequels the last appearing in 1994.
 Honda Tadamoto (本多 忠民 April 12 1817 – January 29 1883) was a Japanese daimyo of the late Edo period who ruled the Okazaki Domain.
 The Korean fox (Vulpes vulpes peculiosa) also known as the Korean red fox is a subspecies of red fox that lives in Korea.
 Tasheh Kabud (Persian: تاشه كبود‎ also Romanized as Ţāsheh Kabūd; also known as Tāshkabūd) is a village in Ansar Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 36 families.
 Naimabad (Persian: نعيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Naʿīmābād) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 12 families.
 Sidney Leviss (July 21 1917 - September 7 2007) was a Democratic politician and judge from Queens New York City. Leviss was born in Flushing New York. He attended New York University and received a degree from the New York University School of Law in June 1941. Leviss was admitted to the New York State Bar in January 1942. The next day he joined the U.S. Army Air Corps to fight in World War II.After the war he served as an assistant district attorney under T.
 Balto III: Wings of Change is a 2004 American straight-to-video sequel to Universal Studios' 2002 animated film Balto II: Wolf Quest. It was released on DVD a digitally evolved evolution of Universal and Pioneer's LaserDisc format invented and developed by Philips Sony Toshiba and Panasonic in 1995.
 Around the Fur is alternative metal band Deftones second major label album released in 1997. The songs My Own Summer (Shove It) and Be Quiet and Drive (Far Away) were both released as singles with accompanying videos. The album was eventually certified platinum on June 7 2011.
 Hampton Park Terrace is the name both of a neighborhood and a National Register district located in peninsular Charleston South Carolina. The neighborhood is bounded on the west by the Citadel on the north by Hampton Park on the east by Rutledge Ave. and on the south by Congress St. In addition the one block of Parkwood Ave. south of Congress St. is considered by some to be included.
 The American Museum of Natural History (abbreviated as AMNH) located on the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City is one of the largest and most celebrated museums in the world. Located in park-like grounds across the street from Central Park the museum complex contains 27 interconnected buildings housing 45 permanent exhibition halls in addition to a planetarium and a library.
 Brahmastram is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by V.Somanath starring Saiju Kurup and Maidhili.
 Killing Aurora is a novel by Helen Barnes about a girl with anorexia. It was published in 1999 by Penguin Books.
 Kuched is small village in the Jalalpur Taluka Navsari district in the state of Gujarat India. Kuched has a big oak tree that covers the entrance of the village and has since become the symbol of the village.Eventually people from Kuched migrated outside of India and can be found all over the world. Many are successful businessmen and professionals. Funds were raised by the non residents for the benefit of the village and the surrounding areas.
 Journal of the European Mathematical Society is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by the European Mathematical Society.Founded in 1999 the journal publishes articles on pure and applied mathematics.
 Helenka [xɛˈlɛnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Młodzieszyn 5 km (3 mi) north of Sochaczew and 52 km (32 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Petru Constantin Luhan (born 19 March 1977) is a Romanian politician who since the 2009 election has been a Member of the European Parliament for Romania representing the Democratic Liberal Party. He is a member of the Regional Development Committee and vice-president of EPP Young Members in the European Parliament.
 Kamień Mały [ˈkamjɛɲ ˈmawɨ] (German: Stein B) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Mani: Travels in the Southern Peloponnese is a travel book by English author Patrick Leigh Fermor published in 1958. It covers his journey with wife Joan and friend Xan Fielding around the Mani peninsula in southern Greece.
 Kathleen A. Kathy Brynaert (born July 15 1944) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) she represents District 19B which includes Blue Earth County in south-central Minnesota. She is also a youth development leader and a former educator.
 K B Bhabha Hospital (popularly known as Bhabha Hospital) is a public hospital in Bandra (west) in Mumbai India. It was established by the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai.Bhabha Hospital is one of the hospitals in the city where a huge number of accident or disaster victims turn up. It is behind Globus mall on Waterfield Road Bandra.
 Dallas City Hall is the seat of Dallas municipal government located at 1500 Marilla in the Government District of downtown Dallas Texas (USA). The current building the city's fifth city hall was completed in 1978 and replaced the Dallas Municipal Building.
 Amphiesma platyceps commonly known as the Himalayan keelback is a species of grass snake endemic to South Asia.
 SPA is the debut album from SPA and was released in 1997. The album was recorded over a three-year period and is dedicated to the memory of American comedian Bill Hicks.
 Wulfenia: Mitteilungen des Kärntner Botanikzentrums is a print-only peer-reviewed scientific journal of botany published by the Regional Museum of Carinthia. It was established in 1994 and the editor-in-chief is Roland K. Eberwein (Carinthian Botanic Center).
 Menelaus is a young lunar impact crater located on the southern shore of Mare Serenitatis near the eastern end of the Montes Hæmus mountain range. To the southwest is the small crater Auwers and to the southwest is the even smaller Daubrée. To the northeast is a faint rille system named the Rimae Menelaus.
 Blart: The Boy Who Didn't Want To Save The World is a fictional comedy novel by Dominic Barker. It was published in 2006 by Bloomsbury Publishing Plc in Great Britain. It tells the tale of Blart a young boy on a pig farm who refuses to save the world. The book is largely a light-hearted parody of the fantasy genre. However the plot and humour both become darker as the book progresses. It won the 2007 Stockton Children's Book of the Year Award.
 Mała Niedźwiedzianka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Niedźwiedzianka.
 The Macatawa River also known as the Black River is located in the lower part of Ottawa County Michigan which drains into Lake Macatawa and eventually into Lake Michigan. The main stream is 16.8 miles (27.0 km) long.The name Macatawa is a mis-phoneticization of the Native American Muck-i-ta-wog-go-me which means black water.
 Saint Mary Draperis (Italian: Santa Maria Draperis Turkish: Meryem Ana Draperis Latin Katolik Kilisesi) is a Roman Catholic Church in Istanbul important for historical reasons. Established in 1584 the church is one of the most ancient Roman Catholic parishes of Istanbul.
 Peltopleuriformes were an extinct order of prehistoric bony fish.
 The Closet (Chinese: 異塚; pinyin: yì zhǒng) is a 2007 Hong Kong film directed by Kin-Nam Cho.
 An Sgùrr is the highest hill on the Inner Hebridean island of Eigg Lochaber Highland Scotland. It was formed 58.72 ± 0.07 million years ago; the result of one of the last eruptions of a volcano the core of which now forms the Isle of Rùm. Thick viscous pitchstone lava of rhyodacitic composition flowed out filling a river valley. The lava cooled and formed column-like structures similar to those at Giant's Causeway.
 Habronattus americanus is a species of jumping spiders from a Salticidae family.
 Archileistobrius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Archileistobrius expansicollis Ledoux 1989 Archileistobrius hwangtienyuni Shilenkov & Kryzhanovskij 1983↑
 Parasite is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering all aspects of human and animal parasitology. The journal publishes reviews articles and short notes. It is published by EDP Sciences and is an official journal of the French Society of Parasitology (French: Société Française de Parasitologie). It is published by EDP Sciences and the editor-in-chief is Jean-Lou Justine (National Museum of Natural History Paris).
 Ishatherium is an extinct genus of early proboscidean from the early Eocene of the Subathu formation in Northwestern India.It is only known from a partial upper molar and was formally classified as a sirenian.
 G. Kent Ketcher (November 2 1936 – August 27 2013) was an American politician and Mayor of Miami Oklahoma. He was elected in April 2011 succeeding Brent Brassfield. Ketcher was born in 1937 in Miami. He graduated at Miami High School in 1955 and received degrees at two universities and one college.
 Wetlands (German: Feuchtgebiete) is a 2013 German drama film directed by David Wnendt. It is based on the 2008 novel of the same name by Charlotte Roche. The film premiered in International competition at the 2013 Locarno International Film Festival on August 11 2013.The film later premiered in-competition in the World Cinema Dramatic Competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 18 2014.
 Masters of Moral - Servants of Sin is the fourth album of the Austrian death metal band Pungent Stench. It was originally released in 2001 on Nuclear Blast. The album was recorded after the band had re-united. The lyrical content is more Christian-based (the cover also reflects that) though there are other themes such as school shootings (School's out Forever) and paedophilia (Rex Paedophilus and Suffer the Little Children to Come unto Me).
 David Hackett Souter (/ˈsuːtər/; born September 17 1939) is a retired Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. He served from 1990 until his retirement on June 29 2009. Appointed by President George H. W. Bush to fill the seat vacated by William J.
 CBGB Forever is a compilation album produced by Josh Abraham. It is named after the theater in New York New York. It consists mainly of rare songs hits and covers. Artists include Green Day Blondie Foo Fighters Ramones U2 Talking Heads Good Charlotte Patti Smith Group Rancid The Damned Audioslave The Chesterfield Kings Velvet Revolver and The Dead Boys. It was released May 15 2007 by Wicked Cool Records.
 The Schenectady Armory is located on Washington Street in the city of the same name in the U.S. state of New York. It is a brown brick building dating to 1936.New York's state architect at that time William Haugaard used the Art Deco architectural style for the exterior of the building and the Tudorbethan mode for the interior. The armory remains virtually intact today. It was home to two units of the New York Army National Guard until it was closed in 2008.
 Jomhouri-e Eslami (Persian: جمهوری اسلامی‎) is an official Iranian newspaper which started its work on May 30 1979 as the newspaper of Islamic Republic Party. In the beginning it was under the grantee of Islamic Republic Party and its managing director was Ali Khamenei. Mir-Hossein Mousavi was its Editor-in-Chief.Even after the closure of Islamic Republic Party the Jomhouri-e Eslami newspaper continued its work.
 Eqbalabad (Persian: اقبال اباد‎ also Romanized as Eqbālābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 41 families.
 The Anne River is a steep continuous river with an average gradient of 24m/km and a peak grade of 77m/km that runs from Lake Judd in the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area. Lake Judd is situated at the base of Mount Anne the Anne River and runs from an elevation of 602m above sea level to 69m above sea level at the confluence with the Huon River. The Anne river is a remote wilderness area visited by avid bushwalkers.
 Arta bichordalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Arta. It was described by Émile Louis Ragonot in 1891 and is known from Brazil.
 The Pacific Coast Biscuit Company Building is a building located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Fusinus gemmulifer is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Kala Kuli (Persian: كلاكولي‎ also Romanized as Kalā Kūlī) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Freedom is the third Christian worship music album by Darrell Evans released by Vertical Music in 1998. This album also features Lincoln Brewster who played lead guitar and aided in songwriting. So Good to Me is on the Digital Praise PC game Guitar Praise.
 Lum's Mill House also known as the Clement House Samuel Davies House and Lum House is a historic home located at Lums Pond State Park Kirkwood New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1713 and is a two-story three-bay brick house. An original one-story three bay extension was raised to two stories about 1809. It is believed to have been the home of Samuel Davies.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Triviatown - It's the World's Biggest Trivia Contest is a 2006 Documentary directed by Patrick Cady and Brit McAdams about the world's largest trivia contest in Stevens Point Wisconsin.
 The Malagasy warblers are a newly validated clade of songbirds. They were formally named Bernieridae in 2010. The family currently consists of eleven species (in eight genera) of small forest birds. These birds are all endemic to Madagascar.The monophyly of this group has been proposed as early as 1934 (Salomonsen 1934). But the traditional assignments of these birds were maintained mistaken by their convergent evolution and the lack of dedicated research.
 Mendocino Pass is a mountain pass located in the Northern Coast Ranges in California. The pass in the extreme northwest corner of Glenn County is at an elevation of about 5006 feet (1526 m) and at the gap two dirt roads intersect. One of them is US Forest Highway 7 a dirt road connecting two disjointed sections of State Route 162. The pass and dirt roads are closed in winter due to heavy snowfall.
 The Republican Noise Machine: Right-Wing Media and How It Corrupts Democracy is a 2004 book written by David Brock which chronicles the author's opinion of how the American right wing was able to build their media infrastructure. The book was the prelude to Brock's launching of his organization Media Matters for America.
 The Black Horse Tavern is an historic tavern in Belfast Maine. Built in 1795 Black Horse Tavern was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Inne pieśni (Other Songs) is a novel written in 2003 by Jacek Dukaj Polish science fiction writer and published in Poland by Wydawnictwo Literackie. The novel is a mixture of fantasy alternate history and science fiction. The novel received the prime Polish award for sci-fi literature Janusz A. Zajdel Award in 2003.
 Patricia Pat Thibaudeau is a politician from the state of Washington whose term as a Washington state senator from Seattle's District 43 expired in January 2007. She declined to run for reelection in 2006 after Ed Murray announced he would challenge her in the primary election for the Democratic nomination.Thibaudeau a Democrat graduated from Whitman College with a master's degree in social work.
 Kurczątki [kurˈt͡ʂɔntki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Prostki 20 km (12 mi) south of Ełk and 122 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Dyspessa emilia is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It was described by Staudinger in 1878. It is found in Turkey.
 Open Sesame is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kawakata Kaoru and published by Kodansha. Open Sesame tells the story about amateur boxing champion Danjou Yamato who moves to Tokyo with his family and Maki Mogami the daughter of a highly respected doctor and their relationship as they transform from bitter rivals to close friends to lovers.
 Comin' Alive is Stephanie Nakasian's debut album as leader. It was released in 1989.
 The New Park Street Chapel was a Reformed Baptist church in Southwark in London built in 1833. The fellowship began worshipping together in 1650. Its first pastor was William Rider and many notable others have filled the position since including Benjamin Keach Dr. John Gill Dr. John Rippon and C. H. Spurgeon. The Metropolitan Tabernacle at Elephant and Castle still worships and holds to its historical principles under its present pastor Dr. Peter Masters.
 Joseph Halsey Crane (August 31 1782 – November 13 1851) was an attorney soldier jurist and legislator. He was born in Elizabethtown New Jersey He was the son of General Wiliam Crane and Abigail (Miller) Crane and the grandson of Stephen Crane member of the First Continental Congress his brother was Colonel Ichabod B. Crane. Joseph Crane was a student at Princeton College.
 Vennalodai is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Spurius is a small genus of passalid beetles from Mesoamerica.
 Under A Texas Moon is a 1930 musical western film photographed entirely in Technicolor. It was based on the novel Two-Gun Man (from 1929) which was written by Stewart Edward White. It was the second all-color all-talking feature to be filmed entirely outdoors as well as being the second western in color. The film features one theme song by the title of Under A Texas Moon.
 Wierzchlas [ˈvjɛʂxlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Alhan Fahmy (born 2 January 1982) is the current Parliament member of the 17th People's Majlis sitting of Maldives representing the Addu Atoll Feydhoo Constituency.
 Sock-Cess is a 1989 compilation album by Red Hot Chili Peppers and was released exclusively in the UK by EMI as a promotional only release. The album contains tracks from the band's first four studio albums.
 Mon curé chez les nudistes is a French sex comedy from 1982 directed by Robert Thomas. The main role is played by Paul Préboist.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 11 families.
 Four & More Recorded Live In Concert is a live album by Miles Davis recorded at the Philharmonic Hall of Lincoln Center New York City NY on February 12 1964 but not released until 1966. Two albums were assembled from the concert recording: the up-tempo pieces were issued on this album while My Funny Valentine consists of the slow and medium-tempo numbers.
 Qoturlar (Persian: قطورلار‎ also Romanized as Qoţūrlār) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 97 families.
 Andreas Tofte (28 March 1795 – 27 September 1852) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician.He was born in Tofte as a son of landowner Mads Trulsen Tofte (1750–1823) and Elisabeth Borch (1749–1826). In November 1819 in Drammen he married Christine Søeberg (1797–1848).
 Viper (Italian: Vipera) is a 2001 Italian drama film directed by Sergio Citti.
 Kanichar is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala. Kanichar is a Grama Panchayath (a local self-government). The current political party in charge of the Panchayath is the UDF and its president is Pal Gopalan. There are thirteen wards in Grama Panchayath the most attractive one being Kadanmala .[citation needed]
 The Carlton Centre is a skyscraper and shopping centre located in downtown Johannesburg South Africa. At 223 metres (732 ft) it has been the tallest office building in Africa for 39 years. The Carlton Centre has 50 floors. The foundations of the two buildings in the complex are 5 m (16 ft) in diameter and extend 15 m (49 ft) down to the bedrock 35 m (115 ft) below street level.
 Traverella is a genus of mayflies in the family Leptophlebiidae.
 {Roßberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.|Roßberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.de:Roßberg (Hinterland)}
 Leslie A. Kirwan is an American government official and college administrator who currently serves as the Faculty of Arts and Sciences Dean for Administration and Finance at Harvard University.
 Charles Wolcott Henry School is a historic school building located in the Mount Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built by Cramp & Co. in 1906-1908. It is a two-story 20 bay red brick building in the Colonial Revival-style. Additions were built in 1949-1950 and 1968. It features arched entryways and limestone trim.
 The Merry Monarch (1842 – after 1859) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from July 1844 to May 1846 he ran four times and won only one race. That race however was the 1845 Epsom Derby in which he recorded an unexpected victory. After one race in 1846 he was retired to stud where he made no impression as a sire.
 Phagocata is a genus of planariid triclad.
 Travels is a nonfiction book by Michael Crichton that details Crichton's attempts to leave his medical education at Harvard Medical School followed by his subsequent travel to Los Angeles and adventures continuing his professional writing career beginning with The Great Train Robbery.
 The Museum of the Riverina is a local history museum in Wagga Wagga New South Wales Australia. The Riverina is the region in south-western New South Wales in which Wagga Wagga is located. The museum was established by Wagga Wagga and District Historical Society in 1967 (Morris p. 241) in premises near the Wagga Wagga Botanic Gardens on Lord Baden Powell Drive. In the late 1990s Wagga Wagga City Council took over the operation of the museum.
 Fujisawa City Hospital (藤沢市民病院 Fujisawa Shimin Byōin) is a general hospital in Fujisawa Kanagawa Japan. Founded in 1971 the hospital is also a district hospital serving the neighbouring cities of Chigasaki and Kamakura. The director is Yasuhiro Kido MD.[citation needed]
 The Eared nightjars are a small group of nocturnal birds in the nightjar family although the taxonomy is uncertain. There are seven species mainly found in forest and scrub from China to Australia. 5 species are placed in the genus Eurostopodus the other two species in Lyncornis. They are long winged birds with plumage patterned with grey and brown to camouflage them when resting on the ground. They feed on insects caught in flight.
 The Portland Moth (Actebia praecox) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Northern and Central Europe the Caucasus Central Asia Siberia Kamchatka Sakhalin the Kuriles Northern Turkey Mongolia China Korea and Japan.The wingspan is 35–40 mm. Adults are on wing from August to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Salix repens and other sand-dune plants.
 Line is a 1967 one-act play by Israel Horovitz his first play produced. It is an absurdist drama about 5 people waiting in line for an event (what event it is is never made clear—several of the characters' stated expectations contradict the others).
 Drymonema is a genus of true jellyfish placed in its own family Drymonematidae. There are 3 species in this family. They are found in the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea.
 George Jones and Gene Pitney (Recorded in Nashville!) is an album by American country music artist George Jones and rock and roll artist Gene Pitney. This album was released in 1965 on the Musicor Records label. This was Jones' and Piteny's second and final album together.
 Kiab Sar (Persian: كياب سر‎ also Romanized as Kīāb Sar; also known as Kīā Besar) is a village in Mianrud Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 52 families.
 The Hardest Town (2009) is the follow-up to 2006's And Then It Got Ugly by Rhino Bucket. It is their second album to feature Simon Wright (formerly of AC/DC) as drummer. The band played over 100 shows in support of the album in 31 states and 15 countries.
 Rounds is the third full length album by British electronic musician Four Tet released on 5 May 2003 by Domino Recording Company.
 Exam Brief is a yearly educational supplement to the Irish Independent newspaper consisting of several volumes. It is produced in cooperation with The Institute of Education and aimed at students preparing for their Irish Leaving or Junior Certificate examinations.
 The Wounded Land is the first book of the second trilogy of The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant fantasy series written by Stephen R. Donaldson.
 The Twilight of Atheism: The Rise and Fall of Disbelief in the Modern World is a book by Christian theologian and apologist Alister McGrath which traces the perceived decline of secular thought over the last two centuries.McGrath states that the book is an expanded form of a speech he gave at a debate in February 2002 at the Oxford Union.
 Queen of Soul is the sixth studio album by American Blues artist Etta James. The album was released on Argo Records in 1965 featuring the singles James had released during the year.Two songs on the album: Baby What You Want Me to Do and Loving You More Every Day charted on the Rhythm and Blues and Billboard Pop Chart. It was James's first studio album in two years since the release of Etta James Top Ten.
 Steve is a 2010 short film written and directed by Rupert Friend and starring Keira Knightley Tom Mison and Colin Firth. It screened at the 2010 BFI London Film Festival.The film was released theatrically as a section of the compilation film Stars in Shorts in 2012.
 Leucotelia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.Type species: Leucotelia ochreoplagata
 Flood Entrance Pot (sometimes known as Flood Exit Pot) is one of the entrances to the Gaping Gill cave system located about 300 metres (330 yd) south of Gaping Gill Main Shaft. It was the first alternative entrance into the main system to be explored and it is now a popular entrance into the system with a fine 38-metre (125 ft) pitch landing in Gaping Gill's South-East Passage.
 Flash Light is Tom Verlaine's fifth solo album. It was recorded by Mario Salvati at Sorcerer 2 NYC except The Scientist Writes a Letter engineered by Mark Wallis. Mixed by Paul O'Duffy at Sarm West London.Cover from an artwork by Susan Hiller. Layout by John Rimmer at Pointblanc.
 Elk is the second album by Inga Liljeström. It was released in 2005 – 7 years after her first album Urchin.
 The Trio is a 1961 live album by the Oscar Peterson Trio recorded at the London House jazz club in Chicago.Three other albums were recorded by Peterson and his trio at the London House Something Warm The Sound of the Trio and Put On a Happy Face. The complete music recorded by the trio at these sessions was released in 1997.
 I81B4U was an oddly named EP from Boston hardcore punk / speed metal band Gang Green. It was released in 1988 after the previous year's debut for Roadrunner Records You Got It and before 1989's release Older... Budweiser.The title is a reference to Van Halen's album OU812 released in the same year. I81B4U translates phonetically to I Ate One Before You.
 Glyptoscelimorpha is a genus of beetles in the family Schizopodidae containing the following species: Glyptoscelimorpha juniperae (Knull 1940) Glyptoscelimorpha marmorata Horn 1893 Glyptoscelimorpha viridis Chamberlin 1931↑
 Erect the Youth Problem is the only studio album released by American punk trio Wives.
 Franconia Sculpture Park is an outdoor sculpture park in Franconia Minnesota that offers a unique combination of work residence and exhibition space for emerging and established artists. Its mission is to foster an inspiring environment for artists to expand their skills and promote the public education of three-dimensional art.
 The Mitéuca River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 'Les Vierges du Québec' is the twelfth studio album by Canadian Singer/Songwriter Jean-Pierre Ferland.
 Sonny Stitt / Live at Ronnie Scott's is the fifth Dick Morrissey Quartet recording. It comprises a jam session with Sonny Stitt recorded live at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club London in 1965. It has also been released on the same label with the title Sonny's Blues.
 Gowmazi Osman (Persian: گومازي عثمان‎ also Romanized as Gowmāzī ʿOs̄mān) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 The Giant Forest Lodge Historic District in Sequoia National Park includes the remnants of what was once an extensive National Park Service Rustic style tourist development for park visitors. Also known as Camp Sierra the district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in May 1978.
 Driving Blind is a short story collection by Ray Bradbury. All but four of the stories are original to this collection.
 The Duchess of Langeais is a 2007 French film directed by Jacques Rivette.
 Beringius turtoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Nightmare in Wax is a 1969 horror film. Cameron Mitchell plays Vince Rinaud a former film special effects artist who is disfigured by Max Block the head of Paragon Pictures and also a rival for the affections of a woman (Anne Helm). Leaving the film industry Vince becomes a recluse and opens a wax museum. Within a few months four popular Paragon stars disappear. Wax figures of the missing stars soon feature as wax models in the museum and the police become suspicious.
 Dance Hall at Louse Point is the debut collaborative studio album by English alternative rock musicians PJ Harvey and John Parish released on 23 September 1996 on Island Records.
 Augustana Lutheran Church is an Evangelical Lutheran Church in America congregation located in Sioux City Iowa United States. The church building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006 as Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Augustana Church.
 Susana Machado Bernard House and Barn is an elaborate 10000-square-foot (930 m2) Art Nouveau Gothic Revival style mansion and carriage house located in the Pico Union section of Los Angeles California. Built in 1901 the house was designed by noted architect John B. Parkinson (1861–1935). Parkinson also designed the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum Union Station and Los Angeles City Hall. Noted for its Gothic style with soaring spaces the house has vaulted ceilings and curved walls.
 The Ismailiyya Palace (Azerbaijani: İsmailiyyə Sarayı) is a historical building that currently serves as the Presidium of the Academy of Sciences of Azerbaijan. It is located on Istiglaliyyat Street in Baku.The palace was constructed for the Muslim Charity Society by Józef Plośko at the expense of the millionaire Musa Naghiyev in commemoration of his deceased son Ismayil and was named Ismailiyya after him.Construction began in 1908 and ended in 1913.
 Manicina areolata commonly known as rose coral is a colonial species of stony coral in the family Faviidae. It occurs in shallow water in the West Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea sometimes as small solid heads and sometimes as unattached cone-shaped forms.
 When We Were Orphans is the fifth novel by the British-Japanese author Kazuo Ishiguro published in 2000 (ISBN 0-571-20516-X). It is loosely categorised as a detective novel. When We Were Orphans was shortlisted for the 2000 Man Booker Prize though it is considered one of Ishiguro's weakest works with Ishiguro himself saying It's not my best book.
 The Purge: Anarchy is an upcoming American horror-thriller film directed and written by James DeMonaco. It is the sequel to 2013 film The Purge and stars Frank Grillo Zach Gilford Kiele Sanchez Michael K. Williams Carmen Ejogo and Billy Parker. It is set for a July 18 2014 release date worldwide.
 Gerald Neal is a Democratic Party member of the Kentucky Senate representing District 33 since 1988.
 FusionArts Museum at 57 Stanton Street on Manhattan's Lower East Side is the only contemporary art space in New York City dedicated to the exhibition and archiving of fusion art. The museum is a not-for-profit gallery operated by Converging Arts Media Organization a not-for-profit arts organization that promotes emerging American and international fusion artists.
 Jefferson Franklin Colbert known as J. Frank Colbert (May 28 1882—May 20 1949) was a Democratic politician who served in the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1920 to 1925 and from 1944 to 1946 as the mayor of the small city of Minden the seat of Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana.
 Sharon Anne Blady MLA /ˈbleɪdi/ is a Canadian politician in the province of Manitoba. She was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in the 2007 provincial election in the constituency of Kirkfield Park. Blady is a member of the New Democratic Party. Prior to her election she was an instructor of social work and native studies at the University of Manitoba.
 Euxesta lacteipennis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
 Big Spring Baptist Church also known as First Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church building located near Elliston Montgomery County Virginia. It was built about 1880 and is a one-story four-bay nave plan frame structure with a high gable roof. It features a projecting three-stage central tower.
 Velký Chlumec is a village and municipality in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Newtown Creek Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at Newtown Bucks County Pennsylvania. It spans Newtown Creek. It has two spans each are 15 feet long and was constructed in 1796. It was modified in 1875.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Operation Snafu redirects here. For the 1970 film starring Jason Robards and Peter Falk see Rosolino Paternò soldato.On the Fiddle is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Cyril Frankel and starring Sean Connery Alfred Lynch Cecil Parker Stanley Holloway Eric Barker Mike Sarne Wilfrid Hyde-White Kathleen Harrison Victor Maddern and John Le Mesurier.It was one of the last films released before Connery was cast as James Bond in the 1962 film Dr No.
 Dizmas is the third full-length album released by Christian rock band Dizmas. The self-titled album is a collection of some of the bands most popular songs plus four new songs titled Yours Save the Day Different and Worth Fighting For. The album was released on April 29 2008 under Forefront Records.
 Kuchary [kuˈxarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Gołuchów 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Pleszew and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Dzierżanowo [d͡ʑerʐaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Mała Wieś 33 km (21 mi) east of Płock and 65 km (40 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Iranica Antiqu is a scholarly journals publishing articles on ancient Iran in its broadest sense. The journal was established by Iranist Roman Ghirshman and Louis Vanden Berghe in 1961. The journal is edited by the Department for Near Eastern Art and Archaeology at Gent University Belgium.
 Crampe en Masse is the name of the first album by the Québécois comedy duo Crampe en masse.
 Ilam Jodigal is a 1982 Indian Tamil film directed by Ramanarayanan starring Karthik and Radha in lead roles. The film had musical score by Sankar Ganesh and was released on 1982.
 The Hungarian Railway Museum (Hungarian: Magyar Vasúttörténeti Park) is a railway museum located in Budapest Hungary at a railway station of the Hungarian State Railways (MÁV). The museum covers more than 70000 square meters and it features over one hundred exhibits including railway vehicles and equipment.
 Batman & Mr. Freeze: SubZero is a 1998 direct-to-video animated feature film the second based on Batman: The Animated Series serving as a stand-alone sequel to Batman: Mask of the Phantasm. It won the Annie Award for Best Home Video Animation and was produced by Warner Bros. Animation.The film was delayed for a while due to the negative critical reaction to Batman & Robin a live-action film that also featured Mr. Freeze as an antagonist.
 Okonomi-mura (お好み村 lit. Okonomiyaki Village) is a Hiroshima-style okonomiyaki food theme park located at 5-13 Shintenchi in Naka-ku Hiroshima Hiroshima Prefecture Japan. It is near the east end of Hondōri and houses 26 okonomiyaki restaurants each with a slightly different style and set of ingredients.
 Velashjerd (Persian: ولاشجرد‎ also Romanized as Velāshjerd and Valāshjerd; also known as Bīlāskīrt Valāsjerd Valāzjerd and Walashgird) is a village in Farmahin Rural District in the Central District of Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 29 families.
 The Adventures of Red Ryder (1940) is a 12-chapter Republic movie serial starring Don Red Barry and Noah Beery Sr. based on the Western comic strip Red Ryder. It was directed by William Witney and John English. This serial was the 18th of the 66 serials produced by Republic. Westerns made up a third of all serials produced by the studio.
 The Pârâul lui Iacob is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
 Angélique and the King (French: Angélique et le Roy) is a 1959 novel by Anne Golon & Serge Golon the second novel in the Angélique series. Inspired by the life of Suzanne de Rougé du Plessis-Bellière known as the Marquise du Plessis-Bellière.Angélique's marriage to Jeoffrey de Peyrac is thought to be parallel to that of the daughter of Madame de Sévigné Françoise-Marguerite de Sévigné to the Comte de Grignan.In 1966 it was adapted into a film titled Angélique et le Roy.
 The Squaw Ridge lava field also known as the East lava field is a young basaltic field located in the U.S. state of Oregon southeast of Newberry Volcano.
 Haru ((ハル)) is a 1996 Japanese film directed by Yoshimitsu Morita.
 The Desperate Hours is a 1955 play by Joseph Hayes based on his 1954 thriller novel of the same title. The story about three escaped convicts was the basis for the films The Desperate Hours in 1955 and Desperate Hours in 1990.The play opened in New Haven's Shubert Theatre in 1955 before premiering on Broadway later that year.The Desperate Hours won Tony Awards for Best Play and Best Direction in 1955
 Philippe-Jacques Paradis (August 4 1868 – June 20 1933) was a manufacturer and political figure in Quebec. He sat for Shawinigan division in the Senate of Canada from 1927 to 1933.He was born in Quebec City the son of Euclide Paradis and Marie-Louise Jolicœur and was educated at the Séminaire de Québec and the Université Laval. He married Emma Fraser in 1891. Paradis manufactured asbestos products and was president of an asbestos mining company at Thetford Mines.
 Battle Sluts is the second album by American heavy metal band Destroy Destroy Destroy.
 Grosmont Castle (historically also spelled Grisemount and Grisemond) is a ruined castle in Grosmont Monmouthshire Wales very near the border with Herefordshire England and overlooking a bend in the River Monnow. It is generally considered to have been largely built by Hubert de Burgh early in the 13th century on an earlier Norman foundation but was extended in the 14th century.
 Mohammad Beyk (Persian: محمدبيك‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Beyk and Moḩammad Beyg) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 18 families.
 Adam and Eve and Pinch Me (2001) is a psychological thriller novel by English crime writer Ruth Rendell.
 Monopis weaverella is a species of moth in the Tineidae family. It is found in most of Europe and North America.The wingspan is 13–18 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae are scavengers on animal carcasses and faeces.
 The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus is a 1902 children's book written by L. Frank Baum and illustrated by Mary Cowles Clark.
 The Seeker titled The Dark Is Rising in the United Kingdom and The Seeker: The Dark is Rising in Canada is a 2007 American film adaptation of the second book in the five-book young adult fantasy series The Dark Is Rising by Susan Cooper. The film is directed by David L. Cunningham and stars Ian McShane Alexander Ludwig Frances Conroy Gregory Smith and Christopher Eccleston as the Rider.
 Functional Plant Biology is a monthly scientific journal published by CSIRO Publishing. It covers all aspects of plant physiology including biochemistry biophysics developmental biology cell and molecular biology and plant-environment and plant-microbe interactions and the integration of all of these areas.
 Whiteout (ホワイトアウト Howaitoauto) is a 2000 Japanese film about a one-man fight against a terrorist attack at a dam in Japan starring Yuji Oda (織田裕二) and Nanako Matsushima (松嶋菜々子). It is a Die Hard-style movie made in Japan.
 Boys and Girls is a 1983 Canadian short film directed by Don McBrearty. It won an Academy Award in 1984 for Best Short Subject.Boys and Girls is based on the Alice Munro short story of the same name written in 1968. It is a coming of age story about a girl growing up on a farm having to come to terms with the fact that in her lifetime she will always be considered only a girl.
 Dynamite Dan is a 1924 American drama film directed by Bruce M. Mitchell and featuring Boris Karloff.
 Blood Money is an album by Tom Waits released in 2002 on the ANTI- label.The album contains songs written for the play Woyzeck based on the play of the same name by Georg Büchner. The theatrical adaptation was directed by Robert Wilson with whom Waits had worked on two previous plays: The Black Rider and Alice both of which resulted in soundtrack albums. The latter was released simultaneously in 2002 with Blood Money.
 The Journal of Business Communication is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Management. The journal's editor is Robyn Walker. It has been in publication since 1963 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Association for Business Communication.
 The Midas Touch is a 1997 film directed by Peter Manoogian starring Trever O'Brien.
 Fact Fiction and Forecast is a book by Nelson Goodman in which he explores some problems regarding scientific law and counterfactual conditionals and presents his New Riddle of Induction.
 Elgie R. Sims Jr. is the Illinois state representative for the 34th district. The 34th district includes the Chatham neighborhoods of Chicago along with the all or parts of Burnham Calumet City Lansing Ford Heights Lynwood Sauk Village Willowbrook Beecher Manteno and Grant Park.
 3 Pears is an album by American country music artist Dwight Yoakam. It was released on September 18 2012 via Warner Bros. Records.The album which includes collaborations with Beck Kid Rock and Ashley Monroe of Pistol Annies has been one of the most critically acclaimed recordings of Yoakam's career. 3 Pears peaked at No. 18 on the Billboard 200 album chart becoming Yoakam's highest position on the general music chart.
 Discourella is a genus of mites in the order Mesostigmata placed in its own family Discourellidae.
 Joseph Frederick Spaniol Jr. (born November 4 1925) was the 18th Clerk of the Supreme Court of the United States a position he held from 1985 to 1990.
 National Lampoon White Album is an American album of humorous songs and spoken word skits. It was originally released as a vinyl record in 1980 but it was reissued and is still available as a CD. It was written and performed by people associated with National Lampoon magazine and its related productions.
 En Sol Mayor (English: In G Major) is the nineteenth studio album by Colombian musician singer-songwriter Joe Arroyo released by Sony Music Colombia on May 2 2000. Is one of the last albums with the sign Sony Music the album contains tropical mixes that shared with folk rhythms. The single Sabré Olvidar had a successful in Colombia being a cover of the American salsa band The TnT Band.
 Classical Mushroom is the second studio album by the Israeli psychedelic trance band Infected Mushroom. As the name suggests the album was an experiment in combining psychedelic trance with classical music. The album was released in late June 2000 on the record label BNE.
 Brigham and Women's Hospital (BWH The Brigham) is the largest hospital of the Longwood Medical and Academic Area in Boston Massachusetts USA. It is Harvard Medical School's second largest teaching affiliate with 793 beds. With Massachusetts General Hospital it is one of the two founding members of Partners HealthCare the largest healthcare provider in Massachusetts.
 Imbuldeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Paid Vacation is the fourth studio album by American singer/songwriter Richard Marx released in 1994.The album features Now And Forever Marx's 9th and final top-10 hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and most successful single on the Adult Contemporary chart. It was issued as a lead single for the album and stayed atop the Billboard AC chart for 11 consecutive weeks.
 George William Spencer Lyttelton CB FRGS (12 June 1847 – 5 December 1913) was an English civil servant who acted as private secretary to William Ewart Gladstone during three of his terms as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He was also one of eleven members of the Lyttelton family to play first-class cricket; primarily for Cambridge University during his time studying there.
 Edward Patrick Morris 1st Baron Morris (May 8 1859 – October 24 1935) was a lawyer and Prime Minister of Newfoundland.Born in St. John's Morris was educated at the University of Ottawa joined the bar in 1885 and was a counsel for the British government during the North American fisheries arbitration in 1910 receiving a knighthood in 1904.
 Kilinochchi Hospital is a government hospital in Kilinochchi Sri Lanka. It is the leading hospital in Kilinochchi District and is controlled by the provincial government in Jaffna. As of 2010 it had 110 beds. The hospital is sometimes called Kilinochchi District General Hospital.
 Kendelek (Persian: كندلك‎) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 36 families.
 The Valea Cetățuiei River or Valea lui Loghin River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 Maheswary Velautham (died May 13 2008) was a founder of Forum for Human Dignity an NGO and a Human Rights lawyer activist from Jaffna Sri Lanka. She was known for tracking the status of returned failed refugee claimants from other countries to Sri Lanka particularly the West.
 Piece - Kanojo no Kioku (Piece～彼女の記憶～) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Hinako Ashihara. It is published in French by Kana. It is adapted into a television drama series that premiered on 6 October 2012 and ended on December 29 2012.
 Kokelv Church (Norwegian: Kokelv kirke) is a parish church in Kvalsund Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Kokelv. The church is part of the Kokelv parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1960 and it seats about 120 people.
 The Zănoguța River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Frobisher Bay is a relatively large inlet of the Labrador Sea in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut Canada. It is located in the southeastern corner of Baffin Island. Its length is about 230 km (140 mi) and its width varies from about 40 km (25 mi) at its outlet into the Labrador Sea to roughly 20 km (12 mi) towards its inner end.The capital of Nunavut Iqaluit (known as Frobisher Bay until 1987) lies near the innermost end of the bay.
 Alexander Stephens Clay (September 25 1853 – November 13 1910) was a United States Senator from Georgia.
 The Frankford Avenue Bridge also known as the Pennypack Creek Bridge the Pennypack Bridge the Holmesburg Bridge and the King's Highway Bridge erected in 1697 in the Holmesburg section of Northeast Philadelphia in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania is the oldest surviving roadway bridge in the United States. The three-span 73-foot-long (22 m) twin stone arch bridge carries Frankford Avenue (U.S. Route 13) just north of Solly Avenue over Pennypack Creek in Pennypack Park.
 Someone Marry Barry is an American comedy film directed and written by Rob Pearlstein. The film stars Tyler Labine Lucy Punch Damon Wayans Jr. and Hayes MacArthur.
 Słomianka [swɔˈmjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Tykocin and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Lethotremus is a genus of lumpfishes native to the northern Pacific Ocean.
 Schondra is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Revelation is a solo cover album released in 2006 by actor and singer Christopher Lee. A music video for the song My Way (originally written by Paul Anka) was released featuring Lee in and around his home in Tufnell Park.
 Petaklu (Persian: پتك لو‎ also Romanized as Petaklū) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 12 families.
 America: Freedom to Fascism is a 2006 film by Aaron Russo covering a variety of subjects including: the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) the income tax Federal Reserve System national ID cards (REAL ID Act) human-implanted RFID tags Diebold electronic voting machines globalization Big Brother taser weapons abuse and the use of terrorism by the government as a means to diminish the citizens' rights.
 Charles M. Poston Sr. (February 14 1898—November 1968) was a railroad employee from Hornbeck a small town in Vernon Parish in western Louisiana who served a single term from 1960 to 1964 as a Democratic state senator from what is now District 30 (Beauregard Calcasieu Sabine and Vernon parishes). At the time Poston’s constituency did not include the current precincts in Calcasieu Parish.Poston did not seek a second term in 1964; instead his son Bryan A.
 Austrolestes colensonis (Māori: kekewai) is a common native New Zealand damselfly.It is New Zealand's largest damselfly and can change the colour of its body to help thermoregulation. Austrolestes colensonis flies between the months of October and May and is usually seen close to still water rushes and reeds.
 Karki is a village in Honnavar Taluk in Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka state India.
 Chegarman-e Gholamhoseyn (Persian: چگارمان غلامحسين‎ also Romanized as Chegārmān-e Gholāmḩoseyn; also known as Gholāmḩoseynābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 240 in 41 families.
 Nesopupa baldwini is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails. This species is endemic to Hawaii in the USA.
 Smerinthus is a genus of hawkmoths in the family Sphingidae. It was described by Latreille in 1802. Adults have conspicuous eye spots on the hind wings.
 Rakowo [raˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniejewo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Deh Yusefan-e Olya (Persian: ده يوسفان عليا‎ also Romanized as Deh Yūsefān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Deh Yūsefān-e Bālā Dīv Saffān-e ‘Olyā and Terkeleh) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 7 families.
 Jeffrey N. Roy is a State Representative in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Massachusetts General Court. Representative Roy represents the 10th Norfolk District which includes the Town of Franklin Massachusetts in its entirety and Precincts 2 3 and 4 of the Town of Medway Massachusetts. Representative Roy was elected on the 6th of November 2012.
 The Mėkla is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 27 kilometres and has a basin area of 93 km².
 Gorgan (Persian: گرگان‎ also Romanized as Gorgān) is a village in Razavar Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 508 in 108 families.
 Gush Boran (Persian: گوشبران‎ also Romanized as Gūsh Borān and Gūshborān) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 37 families.
 Warm Bodies is a novel by author Isaac Marion. The book was described as a zombie romance by the Seattle Post Intelligencer and makes allusions to William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. The author based in Seattle originally wrote a short story titled I Am a Zombie Filled with Love. Atria Books a division of Simon and Schuster acquired the publishing rights to the full novel in early 2010.
 Charles Bunker Swain was an American politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1877.
 Pont l’Eveque (1937–after1957) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career that lasted from 1939 until 1940 he ran seven times and won three races. His most important success came in 1940 when he won the “New Derby” a wartime substitute for the Epsom Derby run at Newmarket. He had not been thought good enough to be included among the original Derby nominations but was allowed to enter when the race was rearranged.
 For the episode of The Outer Limits see If These Walls Could Talk (The Outer Limits).If These Walls Could Talk is a 1996 made-for-cable film broadcast on HBO. It follows the plights of three different women and their experiences with abortion. Each of the three stories takes place in the same house 22 years apart: 1952 1974 and 1996. All three segments were co-written by Nancy Savoca. Savoca directed the first and second segment while Cher directed the third.
 Eufaula Lake is a reservoir in Oklahoma. It is located on the Canadian River 27 mi (43 km) upstream from its confluence with the Arkansas River and near the town of Eufaula. The lake covers parts of McIntosh County Pittsburg Haskell and Okmulgee counties and drains 47522 square miles (123080 km2). Water sources include the Canadian North Fork Canadian and Deep Fork rivers.
 Borki [ˈbɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Stjepan Radić (11 June 1871 – 8 August 1928) was a Croatian politician and the founder of the Croatian People's Peasant Party (Hrvatska pučka seljačka stranka) in 1905. Radić is credited with galvanizing the peasantry of Croatia into a viable political force. Throughout his entire career he was opposed to the union and later Serb hegemony in the first Yugoslavia and became an important political figure in that country. He was shot in parliament by the Serbian radical politician Puniša Račić.
 Qarah Su (Persian: قره سو‎ also Romanized as Qarah Sū Qareh Sū and Qara Su) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 452 in 116 families.
 Forever is Christian indie rock band Number One Gun's self-released debut EP released August 15 2002.
 Richard Heath (born August 8 1955) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 2 since January 8 2013.
 Lugknitzka is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Baltasar Brum Rodríguez (June 18 1883 – March 31 1933) was a Uruguayan political figure. He was President of Uruguay from 1919 to 1923.
 At the Mountains of Madness is a 2005 double live album by American composer and saxophonist John Zorn's Electric Masada featuring performances recorded in Moscow and Ljubljana. It is the second release by Electric Masada.
 Dr. Charles A. Foster House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built in 1889 and is an asymmetrical 2 1⁄2-story stone and frame Queen Anne style residence. It features a 1-story stone porch and cylindrical 2-story tower with conical roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Libération is a daily francophone Moroccan newspaper.
 The Railway Museum in Warsaw (Muzeum Kolejnictwa w Warszawie) is located in the former Warsaw Główna PKP railway terminus and is very near to the Warszawa Ochota railway station. The museum's exhibits are divided into permanent and temporary collections — the latter being displayed inside the museum's galleries. The permanent collection consists of historic rolling stock that is displayed on the tracks outside.
 Cichla ocellaris sometimes known as the butterfly peacock bass (peacock bass is also used for some of its relatives) is a very large species of cichlid from South America and a prized game fish. It reaches 74 centimetres (29 in) in length. It is native to the Marowijne and Essequibo drainages in the Guianas and the Branco River in Brazil.
 Galeichthys peruvianus is a species of sea catfish that is found in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Peru. They reach a length of 35 cm. They are a component of commercial fisheries for human consumption. As with many species in this family the dorsal fin spines are venomous and any wounds inflicted by them warrant prompt treatment.
 The Hubbardston Public Library is the public library of Hubbardston Massachusetts. The library located at 7 Main Street serves the town by providing a wide variety of materials services and events. It offers Internet access and access to the CWMARS resource-sharing catalog.The library is housed in one of Hubbardston's most architecturally significant buildings an 1874 Second Empire/Italianate brick building that also houses the town offices.
 Club Gascon is a French restaurant located in London England. As of 2013 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide. The French restaurant was opened by Pascal Aussignac and Vincent Labeyrie in September 1998 and serves French cuisine. In addition to its Michelin star it has also won two Catey Awards.
 James M. Williams was a politician from Cleveland Ohio United States. He was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives and the Ohio State Senate and was President of the Senate for two years.
 The Zagreb Mosque is the largest mosque in Croatia. Islamic Secondary School Dr. Ahmed Smajlović and a cultural centre operate within the mosque. The construction began in 1981 and had finished in 1987.In 1983 the Sultan of Sharjah Sultan bin Mohamed Al-Qasimi who had donated 2.5 million USD for the construction visited the Islamic Community in Zagreb.
 To Hrono Stamatao (Greek: Το Χρόνο Σταματάω; English: I'm Stopping Time) is the tenth studio album by Greek pop-rock singer-songwriter Sakis Rouvas released in December 2003 by Minos EMI in Greece and Cyprus. The album was re-released in May 2004 to contain Rouvas' hit Shake It along with a remix which was Greece's entrant in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 that won third place.
 Times Square Red Times Square Blue is a non-fiction book written by famed science fiction author Samuel R. Delany and published in 1999 by the New York University Press. The book is a compilation of two separate essays: Times Square Blue and ...Three Two One Contact: Times Square Red.
 Elizabeth Jean Barker Baroness Barker (born 31 January 1961) is a Liberal Democrat member of the House of Lords.Educated at Dalziel High School and the University of Southampton Barker worked for Age Concern between 1983 and 2007. She was made a life peer as Baroness Barker of Anagach in Highland in 1999 and is a Liberal Democrat spokesperson on health matters. Barker is a lesbian. She has accused opponents of same-sex marriage of prejudice.
 Journal of Black Studies is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of social sciences and ethnic studies concerning African-American culture. The journal's editors-in-chief are Molefi Kete Asante (Temple University) and Ama Mazama (Temple University). The journal was established in 1970 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Hemiarthrum setulosum is a species of chiton in the family Hanleyidae the only member of the genus Hemiarthrum.
 Romaine Henry Ro Foege (born September 1 1938) was the Iowa State Representative from the 29th District representing portions of Linn & Johnson Counties. He was in the Iowa House of Representatives 1996 to 2008. Foege was Director Iowa Department on Aging 2010-2011. He was born in George Lyon County Iowa. He is the fourth of seven children born to Henry Foege a Lutheran minister and Frieda (Kruse) Foege.
 Villa Jeanneret and Villa La Roche are two houses in Paris designed by Le Corbusier and Pierre Jeanneret in 1923-1925 and renovated by Charlotte Perriand in 1928. No longer inhabited they house the Fondation Le Corbusier museum and archives. The houses are located at 8-10 square du Docteur-Blanche XVIe arrondissement Paris.
 Yolçatı is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. In 2010 it had a population of 338.
 Sudha Yadav is a former member of the lower house of India's parliament Lok Sabha. She was a member of the 13th Lok Sabha from 1999 to 2004 elected from Mahendragarh in Haryana as a candidate of Bharatiya Janata Party. Her husband Sukhbir Singh Yadav Deputy Commandant of BSF died fighting Pakistani intruders at border in Kargil war. A lecturer by profession she is mother of two children. She was a member of JPC set up to probe soft drinks issue.[1] Dr.
 Darzi Mahalleh (Persian: درزي محله‎ also Romanized as Darzī Maḩalleh; also known as Dowzī Maḩalleh) is a village in Khoshk Rud Rural District Rudbast District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 35 families.
 The Grue is a torrent in north-west Italy a right tributary of the Scrivia whose 32 km course lies entirely within the Province of Alessandria Piedmont.The river’s source is at Bocchetta del Barillaro at an elevation of 636 metres close to the watershed with the Val Borbera. The river follows a tortuous course through the Ligurian Apennines and between the hills of Tortona before entering the Po plain at Viguzzolo.
 The Further Chronicles of Conan is a collection of fantasy novels written by Robert Jordan featuring the sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. The book was first published in hardcover in October 1999 by Tor Books with a trade paperback edition following in September 2004 from the same publisher. It collects three novels previously published by Tor.
 Field Marshal Plaek Phibunsongkhram (Thai: แปลก พิบูลสงคราม; Thai pronunciation: [plɛ̀ːk pʰíbuːnsǒŋkʰrāːm]; alternatively transcribed as Pibulsongkram or Pibulsonggram; July 14 1897 – June 11 1964) contemporarily known as Luang Pibulsonggram often as Phibunsongkhram (Pibul Songgram) or simply Phibun (Pibul) in the West was Prime Minister and virtual military dictator of Thailand from 1938 to 1944 and 1948 to 1957.
 Moszczenica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Bzura.
 The Watauga Democrat is a newspaper published in Boone North Carolina. It is printed three days a week on Sundays Wednesdays and Fridays. In 2002 its average paid circulation was 20832.The Watauga Democrat began as a political newspaper but quickly evolved into a highly respected non-partisan publication that chronicles local news in Watauga County.
 Eurypegasus is a genus of seamoths native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 The Gufa Volcano is a volcanic field located in the Southern Red Sea Region of Eritrea near the border with Djibouti. The peak elevation is 600 m where lava flows are visible. The last eruption of the volcano was inferred to be during the Holocene era.
 Amphimallon atrum is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Belgium Italy Spain and on the island of Corsica.
 The Black Unicorn is the second novel in the Magic Kingdom of Landover series by Terry Brooks and the follow-up to Magic Kingdom for Sale -- SOLD!. Published in 1987 the book revolves around the evil wizard Meeks attempting to wrest control of the kingdom from Ben Holiday the High Lord and the appearance of a mythical black unicorn in the kingdom.
 The Willard's Sooty Boubou (Laniarius willardi) is a species of bird in the Malaconotidae family.It is found in Burundi and Uganda.
 Hornindal Church (Norwegian: Hornindal kyrkje) is a parish church in Hornindal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Grodås at the eastern end of the lake Hornindalsvatnet. The church is part of the Hornindal parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1856 by the architect Ludolph Rolfsen using plans created by Hans Linstow.
 Paljavesi is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is located in the Southern Savonia region in Finland in the municipality of Mikkeli. The lake belongs to the Vuoksi main catchment area.
 Deep Tracts of Hell is an album by the Norwegian black metal band Aura Noir.
 William Baker House is a historic home located near Gaston Calhoun County South Carolina. It was built about 1830 and is a two-story Classical Revival style frame structure on a high basement. This house features a v-crimp metal roof and full-length hipped-roof verandah surmounted by a center balcony with pediment. It has two interior chimneys that protrude from the medium pitched gable roof.
 The Journal of Anatomy originally between 1867 to 1916 known as the Journal of Anatomy and Physiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Blackwell Publishing on behalf of the Anatomical Society of Great Britain and Ireland.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.357. ranking it fifth out of 20 journals in the category Anatomy & Morphology.
 Żelechy [ʐɛˈlɛxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Sochocin 6 km (4 mi) north-east of Płońsk and 64 km (40 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Saint Matthew's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church building in Mobile Alabama. It was built in the Mediterranean Revival style in 1913 shortly after its parish was founded. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 3 1991 as a part of the Historic Roman Catholic Properties in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.
 Poveri ma belli (U.S. title: Poor But Handsome) (U.K. title: A Girl in Bikini) is a successful 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi. There are two sequels all directed by Dino Risi and starred by Renato Salvatori and Maurizio Arena: Belle ma povere (1957) (Australia title: Pretty But Poor)Poveri milionari (1959) (Poor Millionaires)
 Project Superpowers is a comic book limited series published by Dynamite Entertainment beginning January 2008. It was co-plotted by Jim Krueger and Alex Ross with scripts by Jim Krueger covers by Alex Ross and interior art by Doug Klauba and Stephen Sadowski for issue #0 and Carlos Paul for the remainder of the series.
 The Otto W. Rohland Building is a historic building in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. Otto Rohland immigrated from Germany in 1867; this Victorian shop/residential building was built in 1891 and served as Rohland's grocery store and meat market into the 1950s; one source says the market was at 461 Old Fort Road.The Rohland Building was nominated to National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Kaniyooru also spelled Kaneyuru is a village in Puttur taluk in Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state India. It houses one of the Ashta Mathas established by Madhvacharya the Dvaita philosopher.The village is located on Mangalore to Bangalore broadguage railway line. There is a railway station at Kaniyooru. The railway station of Kaniyooru can be accessed by passenger trains running between Mangaluru and Subramanya road stations.
 Haftuman (Persian: هفتومان‎ also Romanized as Haftūmān and Haftowman; also known as Haft Tūmān) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 41 families.
 Shahtoush (foaled 29 April 1995) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the Epsom Oaks in 1998. In a racing career which lasted from August 1997 to September 1998 the filly ran eleven times times and won three races. Shahtoush won only one minor race as a two-year-old but showed top-class form when she finished third in the Group One Moyglare Stud Stakes.
 The Massacre is the second studio album by American rapper 50 Cent released March 3 2005 on Aftermath Entertainment Shady Records and Interscope Records in the United States. Its initially planned release was pushed five days ahead to avoid Internet leakage. The album debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart selling over 1.14 million copies in its first week. Upon its release The Massacre received generally positive reviews from most music critics.
 The Circle Game is the 1968 album from folk rock musician Tom Rush. He covers three songs from fellow singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell as well as songs by Jackson Browne and James Taylor. Rush himself wrote Rockport Sunday and his classic often-covered tune No Regrets; the song has become a folk standard and has been covered by several dozen artists including Emmylou Harris The Walker Brothers Fairport Convention Olivia Newton-John indie-pop group Luna and Curtis Stigers.
 This article describes the 36th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 36 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 36 or Now 36 was released on 24 March 1997 on audio cassette and Compact Disc. The album is the 36th edition of the (UK) Now! series.
 1967: The Last Good Year is the original title of a book written by Canadian author Pierre Berton. When it appeared in paperback the title was changed to 1967: Canada's Turning Point.
 Fletcher Trust Building officially known as the Hilton Garden Inn Indianapolis Downtown is a hotel high-rise in Indianapolis Indiana. The building rises 16 floors and 218 feet (66 m) in height and is currently the 22nd-tallest building in the city. The structure was completed in 1915. The Fletcher Trust Building currently is home to an Indianapolis branch of Hilton Garden Inn.Architect Electus D.
 Smoke is a 1995 American independent film. It was produced by Hisami Kuroiwa Harvey Weinstein and Bob Weinstein and directed by Wayne Wang and Paul Auster (who also wrote the screenplay). Among others it features Harvey Keitel William Hurt Victor Argo Forest Whitaker Ashley Judd Stockard Channing and Harold Perrineau Jr..
 Joe Preston is an EP by The Melvins which was released in 1992 through Boner Records. It is believed that he is the only performer on the record and the other two performers are a hoax; Salty Green is a known pseudonym of Preston. Also Marina Sirtis as Counselor in personnel is a reference to the actress that played Counselor Dianna Troi on the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation.The cover art for the album is a parody of the cover art from Ace Frehley's 1978 solo release.
 Gerdmareshk (Persian: گردمرشك‎; also known as Gerdmūshkī) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 29 families.
 Milton 'Pete' Peter Nielsen (born March 15 1938 in Burley Idaho) is a Republican Idaho State Representative since 2002 representing District 22 in the B seat.
 Telmatobius latirostris is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are rivers urban areas and irrigated land.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Mara River in Romania.
 Melville Sound is an Arctic waterway in the Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada.It is located south of the Kent Peninsula and north of the main part of the Nunavut mainland. To the west it opens into the Bathurst Inlet.
 Mobberley Priory was a priory in Cheshire England.
 Koreana Hotel is a skyscraper and hotel on Taepyeongno in Jung-gu Seoul South Korea. The hotel with a marble lobby contains 344 rooms and is 14 stories high.Construction began on the hotel on 20 December 1969 and it was completed exactly two years later in 1971. On 11 April 1989 it received 4-star status by Tourist Hotel Classification. 9 rooms were added in October 1998 and another 9 in April 2004. In 2001 renovation was completed of its exterior to a sleek looking modern hotel.
 The Spirit of Adventure is a 1915 short film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 Director's Cut is a 2011 album by English singer Kate Bush. It is made up of songs from her earlier albums The Sensual World and The Red Shoes which have been remixed and restructured three of which were re-recorded completely. It was Bush's first album release since 2005's Aerial and the first on her own record label Fish People.
 Krebsbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Georgios Tsolakoglou (Greek: Γεώργιος Τσολάκογλου; April 1886 – 22 May 1948) was a Greek military officer who became the first Prime Minister of the Greek collaborationist government during the Axis occupation in 1941-1942.
 Skálavík Skaalevig Skalevig Skålevig is a village and municipality on the eastern coast of the Faroese island Sandoy.
 Group Portrait with a Lady (German: Gruppenbild mit Dame) is a 1977 German-French drama film directed by Aleksandar Petrović. It was entered into the 1977 Cannes Film Festival. It is based on the novel of the same name.
 Dunked in the Deep is the 119th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Typhisopsis claydoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Osericta is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 The Keweenaw Mountain Lodge and Golf Course Complex is a resort located near Copper Harbor Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1976 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 and is open to the public.
 Bridge of Blood: Jim Elliot Takes Christ to the Aucas is a 1973 readers' theatre play based on the story of Operation Auca. It was written by David Robey a former drama professor at Cedarville University and produced by Lillenas Drama in 1988.Bridge of Blood is based on Through Gates of Splendor and Shadow of the Almighty two books written by Elisabeth Elliot. Consequently the character of Elisabeth in the play is also the narrator.
 A Fórmula de Deus (God's Formula) in English The Einstein Enigma is the fourth novel written by the Portuguese journalist and writer José Rodrigues dos Santos published in 2006 in Portugal. It was the best-selling novel in Portugal in 2006 selling 100000 copies.The novel narrates a quest for the scientific proof of the existence of god by a Portuguese professor Tomás Noronha based on a formula developed by Einstein himself.
 Uca vocans is a species of fiddler crab. It is found across the Indo-Pacific from the Red Sea Zanzibar and Madagascar to Indonesia and the central Pacific Ocean. It lives in burrows up to 50 centimetres (20 in) deep. Several forms of U. vocans have been recognised with their authors often granting them the taxonomic rank of full species or subspecies.
 Praxiteles is a crater on Mercury.MESSENGER's high-resolution images obtained during the mission's second Mercury flyby have revealed a number of irregularly shaped depressions on the floor of Praxiteles crater making it a pit-floor crater. The colors near these depressions in WAC images are similar to those near volcanoes discovered during the mission's first Mercury flyby along the inner edge of the Caloris basin.
 The Mitumba Mountain range stretches along the Western Rift Valley in Eastern Congo (DRC) west of lake Tanganyika. The two main peaks Mount Kahuzi (3308m) and Mount Biéga (2790m) are extinct volcanoes.
 Phaegorista is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Anthony O. Agbo (born 15 December 1954) was elected Senator for the Ebonyi North constituency of Ebonyi State Nigeria taking office on 29 May 2007. He is a member of the People's Democratic Party (PDP).Agbo was born on 15 December 1954 and was educated at Ebonyi State University and the University of Nigeria Nsukka graduating in 1988.He was elected to the Enugu State House Of Assembly (before Ebonyi state was formed from part of Enugu) and was appointed Speaker.
 The Desert Fox is a 1951 biographical film about Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in the later stages of World War II. It stars James Mason in the title role was directed by Henry Hathaway and was based on the book Rommel by Brigadier Desmond Young who served in the Indian Army in North Africa.
 Mount Tokachiporoshiri (十勝幌尻岳 Tokachiporoshiri-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Ecsenius aroni known commonly as the Aron's blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Indian ocean.
 Lioptilodes is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Satan Is Real Again or Feeling Good About Bad Thoughts released in 1996 is the second album by Country Teasers.
 Sollathaan Ninaikkiren is a 1973 Tamil language film scripted and directed by K. Balachander starring Sivakumar Jayachitra Srividya Subha and Jayasudha in the lead roles. The film has Kamal Haasan as a playboy and Jayasudha as a young girl married to an older man (Poornam Vishwanathan). The film is based on a novel of the same name.
 Crystal Castles is the first studio album by electronic music duo Crystal Castles released on the March 18th 2008 through Lies Records. The album is a compilation of the band's previous sold-out singles early unreleased tracks and three new songs recorded for the album. Before the album's release the original cover which featured Trevor Brown's black-eyed Madonna artwork was banned due to distributors in the U.S.
 Garevac is a village in the municipality of Modriča Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The adult black deer fly Chrysops niger is a fly of about 8–10.5 millimetres (0.31–0.41 in) length with a mostly black body with some white hairs and having wings which are barred with black. They are active from May to September around areas of marsh in much of the United States.The larvae of the black deer fly feed upon organic matter in damp soil and are termed hydrobionts in that they inhabit areas of high water content.
 Sasthram Jayichu Manushyan Thottu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Kızılağaç Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Slingshot Hip Hop is a 2008 documentary film directed by Jackie Reem Salloum which traces the history and development of Palestinian hip hop in the Palestinian territories from the time DAM pioneered the art form in the late 1990s. It braids together the stories of young Palestinian artists living in Gaza the West Bank and inside Israel as they discover Hip Hop and employ it as a tool to surmount divisions imposed by occupation and poverty.
 Feats Don't Fail Me Now is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Little Feat released in 1974.
 Tensou Sentai Goseiger vs. Shinkenger: Epic on Ginmaku (天装戦隊ゴセイジャーVSシンケンジャー エピック on 銀幕 Tensō Sentai Goseijā tai Shinkenjā Epikku on Ginmaku) is a versus film in the Super Sentai Series long standing tradition of crossover films known collectively as the VS Series. The film released on January 22 2011 features a meeting of the casts and characters of Tensou Sentai Goseiger and Samurai Sentai Shinkenger.
 The Church of St Dubricius in Porlock Somerset England dates from the 13th century. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building.The dedication is to Dubricius (also known in Welsh as Dyfrig and in corrupt Norman-French as Devereux) (c. 465 – 550 or 612) a 6th-century Briton ecclesiastic venerated as a saint and may indicate he travelled to the area.The church stands on the site of an earlier church which may date from around 1120.
 Jasenica is a village in Čapljina municipality Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Varnameh (Persian: ورنمه‎; also known as Varghameh) is a village in Qalayi Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 29 families.
 The Osmund Osmundson House is a historic house in Nerstrand Minnesota United States. The private home was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on April 6 1982. The house is significant for its association with a prominent Rice County pioneer and town founder.
 In the Light is a double album of contemporary classical music by Keith Jarrett which was recorded and released on the ECM label in 1973.
 Gallery Oldham is a free-to-view public art gallery in the Cultural Quarter of central Oldham in Greater Manchester England.
 The Guranda River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Mondo Cannibale (also known as Cannibals Die Blonde Gottin White Cannibal Queen and Barbarian Goddess) is a 1980 cannibal film by prolific Spanish exploitation director Jesús Franco which starred a 17-year-old Sabrina Siani .
 The Fortune is a 1975 American comedy film starring Jack Nicholson and Warren Beatty and directed by Mike Nichols. The screenplay by Adrien Joyce focuses on two bumbling con men who plot to steal the fortune of a wealthy young heiress played by Stockard Channing in her first film starring role.
 American Man: Greatest Hits Volume II is the ninth album from country singer Trace Adkins and second greatest hits compilation. It was released on December 4 2007. Adkins was originally scheduled to release a new studio album on that day but said in a press release: We were already under some extremely tight deadlines as it was to make the street week said Adkins.
 The Eagle Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges in eastern San Luis Obispo County California.
 Jamy [ˈjamɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Lubelski within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Burning Angel is the first EP from the Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy. It was released on March 6 2002. It is Arch Enemy's second release with vocalist Angela Gossow who took Johan Liiva's place in the band. The song Starbreaker is a Judas Priest cover from the album Sin After Sin.
 Nerita yoldii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae.
 Marku is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 1855 living in 413 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 2058 of which 41% was literate.
 Heringia vitripennis is a European species of hoverfly.
 The Human Services Center in Yankton South Dakota is a psychiatric hospital that was built in 1882. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was included in the 2009 list of Americas 11 Most Endangered Historic Places.
 American Slavery As It Is: Testimony of a Thousand Witnesses is a book written by the American abolitionist Theodore Dwight Weld his wife Angelina Grimke and her sister Sarah Grimke which was published in 1839.A follower of the abolitionist movement Weld was a white New Englander who composed this book using many first hand accounts of slavery and its horrors. The work focuses on the afflictions that slaves faced such as their diet clothing housing and working conditions.
 Young and Innocent (American title: The Girl Was Young) is a 1937 British crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Nova Pilbeam and Derrick De Marney. Based on the 1936 novel A Shilling for Candles by Josephine Tey the film is about a young man on the run from a murder charge who enlists the help of a woman who must put herself at risk for his cause.
 Red Bridge Pond is a lake in the town of Dartmouth across a bay from Halifax town the capital of Halifax Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia Canada.
 iTunes Live from Montreal is a digital download-only album from Good Charlotte released exclusively in Canada on iTunes on September 29 2009. The show was recorded at Good Charlotte's solo in-store acoustic performance at the Apple Store in Montréal Canada on August 14 2008. Even though it is considered a Good Charlotte album only Benji and Joel Madden actually perform the songs.
 Bichhar pass (el. 14870 ft.) is a high mountain pass at the boundary of the Ghizer and Gilgit districts in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. To the north of the pass is Bichhari village in the Naltar valley in Gilgit district. To the south of the pass is the village Sherqila on the Gilgit river in the Ghizer district.
 The Orthon River is a river in the Pando Department of Bolivia and a tributary of river Beni.
 Israel Shtime (Yiddish: ישראל שטימע 'Israel Voice') was a Yiddish language newspaper published from Tel Aviv. It was an organ of the Mapam party. David Shtokfish was the founder of the newspaper and served as its editor until the end. Initially it was a weekly newspaper but was converted into a fortnightly and later into a monthly publication. Israel Shtime was closed down in October 1997 after 41 years of publishing.
 Ghazazan (Persian: غزازان‎ also Romanized as Ghazāzān and Ghazzāzān; also known as Kazāzān and Kazzāzān) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District Beyarjomand District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 368 in 112 families.
 Adoor Prakash (born May 24 1955) is Minister of Kerala India. He came to active politics through the Student movement of Kerala Students Union. He was elected to the Kerala Legislative Assembly consecutively from Konni Constituency in 1996 2001 2006 and 2011 General Elections as a candidate of Indian National Congress.
 Sons of Cain is a 1985 play by David Williamson about three female investigative reporters.It looks at the New South Wales Labor government of the 1980s.
 Kambarawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 National Lampoon Radio Dinner is a comedy album from National Lampoon that was first released in 1972.
 Hollywood Husbands is a 1986 novel by the British author Jackie Collins. It was her 11th novel and the second in her Hollywood series after her 1983 hit Hollywood Wives. Hollywood Husbands is an unrelated sequel to Hollywood Wives and features a new cast of characters. Although it continues the theme of power and celebrity in Hollywood the novel also contains a mystery plot about a young girl from a small American town who was sexually abused and later left for dead.
 Michael V. Saxl is American lawyer and former politician from Maine. Saxl who lived in Portland's West End was a member of the Maine House of Representatives from the 117th – 120th legislatures (1995–2002). He was Speaker of the Maine House of Representatives from 2001–02. He is a Democrat.Saxl a native of Bangor was elected in a special election in February 1995 to replace Jim Oliver who resigned to join the Peace Corps.
 Roberto Víctor Gerlein Echeverría (born 18 November 1938) is a Colombian lawyer and politician. A Conservative party politician he is the longest-serving and most senior Member of the Senate of Colombia having been first elected in 1974. During his long political career he has also served as a Member of the Chamber of Representatives (1968-1974) as the 10th Colombian Minister of Economic Development and as the 42nd Governor of Atlántico.
 Judith Hearne (later republished as The Lonely Passion of Judith Hearne) was regarded by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore as his first novel. The book was published in 1955 after Moore had left Ireland and was living in Canada. It was rejected by ten American publishers before being accepted by a British publisher.
 The Journal of Neuroimmune Pharmacology (JNIP) is the official journal of the Society on NeuroImmune Pharmacology [2]. Established as a peer-reviewed scientific journal it has published original research and review articles since 2006 in the disciplines of immunology pharmacology and experimental neuroscience as they relate to each other.
 Amazing Grace is the fifth album by the British rock band Spiritualized so named to indicate its considerable gospel influence. Although the title hymn does not appear on the album (Spiritualized have covered it previously and released a free-jazz version as a b-side in 2001 and also on Complete Works Vol.
 Jeena Hai Toh Thok Daal (English: Shoot or Die) is a 2012 Bollywood film directed by Manish Vatsalya starring Ravi Kishen Manish Vatsalya Yashpal Sharma Rahul Kumar and Hazel Crowney. The movie's storyline is a hard hitting gangster movie which shows horrid realities of the underworld crime as well as the changing times of Bihar state. The film was released on September 14 2012 and was written off as a box office disaster in the very first week.
 Magical Meow Meow Taruto (魔法少女猫たると Mahō Shōjo Neko Taruto) is a Japanese manga & anime television series. The series centers on the exploits of a race of pet cats drawn as catgirls and the occasional catboy.
 The Lake Oku clawed frog (Xenopus longipes) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family.
 Denis Richard McDonough (born December 2 1969) is the 27th and current White House Chief of Staff succeeding Jack Lew during President Obama's second term.
 The Turin is a residential luxury apartment building in New York City built in 1909. It is located on the Upper West Side of Manhattan at 333 Central Park West. The Turin is of Italian Renaissance style. The luxury co-op offers many amenities to its residents including a 24 hour doorman fitness center children’s playroom storage room and bike room.
 Jubal A. Early House also known as the Jubal A. Early Homeplace and Archeological Site is a historic home and archaeological site located near Boones Mill Franklin County Virginia. The original dwelling was built in the first decade of the 19th century and enlarged after 1847. It is a two-story four bay frame dwelling with a side gable roof. It has a rear ell and takes a T shape.
 The Tiger mosquito or forest mosquito Aedes albopictus (Stegomyia albopicta) from the mosquito (Culicidae) family is characterized by its black and white striped legs and small black and white striped body. It is native to the tropical and subtropical areas of Southeast Asia; however in the past couple of decades this species has invaded many countries throughout the world through the transport of goods and increasing international travel.
 Euthyone perbella is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guiana.
 Hawkmistress! is a fantasy novel written by Marion Zimmer Bradley as part of the Darkover series and is set at the end of Ages of Chaos in the period of Darkover's history known as the Hundred Kingdoms. Chapters 35 and 46–50 of Zandru's Forge overlap with the story in Hawkmistress.In Hawkmistress! Bradley explores issues regarding the right to self-determination of minors the place of women in a traditional society and the conflicts between Darkover's two major religious belief systems.
 Over and Over is the second studio album released by jazz vocalist Erin Bode. It was recorded over three days in mid-May 2005 and released on January 31 2006 by the label Max Jazz. This album more than her first sees Bode being likened to fellow jazz vocalist Norah Jones.This is the first album that contains songs almost exclusively penned by Bode and her collaborator pianist Adam Maness.
 La muerte camina en la lluvia (English: The death walks in the rain) is a 1948 Argentine suspense film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen and based upon the novel L'assassin habite au 21 written by Stanislas-André Steeman. It was premiered on September 7 1948.
 The Oyster Bar officially the Grand Central Oyster Bar & Restaurant is a seafood restaurant located on the lower level of Grand Central Terminal at 42nd Street and Vanderbilt Avenue in Manhattan in New York City. It opened along with the terminal itself in 1913 and has been in business ever since although it closed briefly for renovations following a 1997 fire. As its name suggests it specializes in seafood.
 Watch Out is the fifth album by the Spanish group Barrabás released in 1975. The album was later re-released on CD in Spain as Desperately.American jazz musician Herbie Mann featured in the recording of the album after his hit cover of Barrabás' song Hi Jack which was released earlier that year. Also appearing was American saxophonist Michael Brecker.
 Chomana Dudi (Choma's drum) is a feature film in the Kannada language. It is based on a novel of the same name written by Shivaram Karanth. The film was released in the year 1975 and won the Swarna Kamal India's National Award for the best film.
 The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is the first of five books in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy comedy science fiction trilogy by Douglas Adams (with the sixth written by Eoin Colfer). The novel is an adaptation of the first four parts of Adams' radio series of the same name. The novel was first published in London on 12 October 1979.
 Stitt Plays Bird is an album by American saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1963 and issued on Atlantic Records in 1966. As the title suggests it was recorded as a homage to legendary saxophonist Charlie Parker.
 Jazz is an album by Jazz artist Wallace Roney released in 2007
 Ratha Kanneer (English: Tears of Blood) is a 1954 Tamil drama film directed by R. Krishnan and S. Panju. The screenplay was written by Tiruvarur K. Thangaraj and the film features M. R. Radha in the lead role. The film was produced by Perumal Mudaliar of National Pictures. The story revolves around Mohanasundaram a returned-from-abroad westernized rich man who shows arrogance and contempt towards anything part of Indian culture and anyone below his social standards.
 Braciejowa [brat͡ɕeˈjɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Dębica and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 The Witwer Grocery Company Building also known as the Osada Building is an historic structure located in Cedar Rapids Iowa United States. The building is five-stories tall and rises 55 feet (17 m) above the ground. It was designed by the architectural firm of Blahnik & Berger and was completed in 1946. The building was extensively renovated from 1996 to 1997 into apartments. A full height atrium was created in the buildings core.
 The Orosí Volcano in Spanish the Volcán Orosí is an inactive volcano in Costa Rica situated in the Cordillera de Guanacaste near the border with Nicaragua.
 Kuri-chan (クリちゃん) is a yonkoma manga series by Susumu Nemoto which ran from October 1 1951 to March 31 1965 in the Asahi Shimbun evening edition. Nemoto modeled the main character Kuri-chan after his oldest son who was born in 1948. The name of the main character is actually Ken (健) and gets his nickname from his naturally kuri kuri (or curly) hair. The manga is unusual in that other than the images it relies almost exclusively on onomotopeia rather than words to tell the story.
 The Struggle Continues is the third album by the punk band Link 80. It was released on CD and 12 vinyl by Asian Man Records in 2000. It is the first Link 80 album without Nick Traina and Matt Bettinelli-Olpin who were replaced by Ryan Noble and Adam Davis respectively.
 Acrossocheilus aluoiensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Acrossocheilus found mostly in Vietnam.
 Deil is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is a part of the municipality of Geldermalsen and lies about 12 km west of Tiel.Deil was a separate municipality until 1978 when it became a part of Geldermalsen.In 2001 the village of Deil had 1482 inhabitants.
 The Velika Kapela (pronounced [ʋɛ̂likaː kǎpɛla]; Great Chapel) is a large mountain range in the east of Gorski Kotar Croatia.The highest peak is Bjelolasica-Kula at 1533 m.a.s.l.. It overlooks Velebit Plješivica islands Krk Cres Lošinj and the Kvarner Gulf.Velika Kapela belongs to the Dinaric Alps and it stretches from the Gorski Kotar region in the west to the Mala Kapela and Lika in the east from the Ogulin valley in the north to the Vinodolski coastline in the south.
 The Săbașa River or Sabasa River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 C. Mayer is a lunar impact crater that is located at the northern edge of the Mare Frigoris due north of the prominent crater Aristoteles. Also to the south but only a third as distant is the smaller crater Sheepshanks. Due east of C. Mayer is the flooded crater Kane.C. Mayer is a relatively young formation with a sharp-edged and well-defined outer rim. The rim is not quite circular and appears somewhat polygonal-shaped with outward bulges along the edge most notably to the west.
 Got My Own is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1972 and released on the Prestige label.
 Nitinkumar Patel is a Member of Legislative assembly from Kadi constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
 Nascioides is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Nascioides bicolor Williams 1987 Nascioides caledonica Williams & Bellamy 2002 Nascioides carissima (Waterhouse 1882) Nascioides costata (Carter 1912) Nascioides elderi Williams 1987 Nascioides elessarella Williams 1987 Nascioides enysi (Sharp 1877) Nascioides falsomultesima Williams 1987 Nascioides macalpinei Williams 1987 Nascioides multesima (Olliff 1886) Nascioides munda (Olliff 1886) Nascioides nulgarra Williams 1987 Nascioides olliffi Williams & Watkins 1985 Nascioides parryi (Hope 1843) Nascioides pulcher (van de Poll 1886) Nascioides quadrinotata (van de Poll 1886) Nascioides storeyi Williams 1987 Nascioides subcostata Williams & Bellamy 2002 Nascioides tillyardi (Carter 1912) Nascioides viridis (Macleay 1872) Nascioides walfordorum Williams & Bellamy 2002↑
 Garichtisee is a reservoir on Mettmenalp above Schwanden in the Canton of Glarus Switzerland. The lake's surface area is 0.16 km².
 Telmatobius arequipensis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru. It has an altitudinal range of 2000-4500m asl. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical shrubland grassland rivers swamps canals and ditches. It is threatened by habitat loss. It is a riparian semi-aquatic frog. It is present in streams wet grassland and shrublands and ditches. It may be found in modified habitats wherever there are streams or ditches. Eggs are laid in the water.
 The Royal Observatory Greenwich (formerly the Royal Greenwich Observatory or RGO) in London played a major role in the history of astronomy and navigation and is best known as the location of the prime meridian. It is situated on a hill in Greenwich Park overlooking the River Thames.The observatory was commissioned in 1675 by King Charles II with the foundation stone being laid on 10 August.
 Lemuel Cambridge Owen (November 1 1822 – November 26 1912) was a Prince Edward Island shipbuilder banker merchant and politician the second Premier.He was born in Charlottetown to Thomas Owen who was Postmaster General for Prince Edward Island for eighteen years serving until his death in 1860.
 Global a Go-Go is the second album by Joe Strummer and The Mescaleros displaying trademark genre-melding folk-rock and Strummer's unique lyrical style. As the title suggests there are world music influences on the album mostly on the title track and Bhindhi Bhagee a celebration of the humble but diverse and exciting ethnic and multi-cultural areas of London and other major cities.
 Our Lady of Bellefonte Hospital is a 214-bed not-for-profit acute care hospital located in Ashland Kentucky in the Tri-State region of Northeast Kentucky Southern Ohio and Western West Virginia. Part of the Catholic-based Bon Secours Health System Inc. Our Lady of Bellefonte Hospital employs approximately 1200 healthcare professionals making the hospital the largest employer in Greenup County.
 Tajareh (Persian: تجره‎) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 49 families.
 The Chicago Tribune is a major daily newspaper based in Chicago Illinois United States and the flagship publication of the Tribune Company.
 Spathodus marlieri is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known from the northern portion of the lake. This species prefers areas with rocky substrates in very shallow waters to a depth of about 2 metres (6.6 ft). This species can reach a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Melanella amblytera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of many species known to exist within the genus Melanella.
 Phtheochroa jerichoana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Palestine Saudi Arabia Bahrain and Iran (Laristan).
 Seyyed Razi (Persian: سيدرضي‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Rāẕī; also known as Razī and Shahīd Moţahharī) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1376 in 260 families.
 Fogg Library is a historic library at 1 Columbian Street in Weymouth Massachusetts.The library was built in 1897 and added to the National Historic Register in 1981.
 Hell Comes to Your House'' is an American deathrock and punk compilation that chronicles the emergence of deathrock as a genre.The album was originally released in 1981 but reissued in 1998.
 Gossip in the Grain is singer-songwriter Ray LaMontagne's third full-length release which was released on October 14 2008. The album was produced by Ethan Johns and recorded in Box England.
 Darreh-ye Baz (Persian: دره باز‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Bāz Darreh Bāz and Darreh-i-Bāz) is a village in Karghond Rural District Nimbeluk District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 257 in 68 families.
 Mount Eboshi (烏帽子岳 Eboshi-dake) is a stratovolcano located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Yellow-bellied Tyrannulet (Ornithion semiflavum) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Belize Costa Rica Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 A Truce and Other Stories is a collection of six short stories by Mary Tappan Wright. It was first published in hardcover by Charles Scribner's Sons in 1895 and was reprinted by Fleabonnet Press in November 2008. The stories had previously been published in Scribner's Magazine between 1890 and 1894.This collection was the author's first published book.
 Gravity Pulls was the fifth and final album by English alternative rock band Echobelly. No singles were released from the record.
 Alberto R. Gonzales (born August 4 1955) was the 80th United States Attorney General appointed in February 2005 by President George W. Bush becoming the highest-ranking Hispanic in executive government to date. He was the first Hispanic to serve as White House Counsel and earlier he had been Bush's General Counsel during his governorship of Texas. Gonzales had also served as Secretary of State of Texas and then as a Texas Supreme Court Justice.Gonzales's tenure as U.S.
 Cha Cha 2000 - Live in Tokyo 1996 Vol. 1 is a 1998 live album by the German group La! Neu? recorded at a 1996 concert in Tokyo during the band's Japanese tour. The album consists of the second half of the 3½ hour concert during which time the band played an extended 1¾ hour version of La Düsseldorf's 1978 song Cha Cha 2000 (which was written by La! Neu?'s frontman Klaus Dinger).
 Five Plays is the eighth book by Anglo-Irish fantasy writer Lord Dunsany considered a major influence on the work of J. R. R. Tolkien H. P. Lovecraft Ursula K. Le Guin and others.
 The Digging Leviathan is a science fiction novel written by James Blaylock. It was first published in 1984 by Ace Books. The source was Blaylock's first novel The Chinese Circus which was never finished.
 Tellisford Mill is a 55 kW installed capacity micro hydro run-of-the-river power station on the site of a former watermill located in the village of Tellisford in the Mendip district of Somerset England. The mill lies on the River Frome 6 miles (9.7 km) north-east of the town of Frome.Part of the Mendip Power Group the mill was restored to power in April 2007 using a German made 55Kw vertically mounted Kaplan turbine which is expected to produce on average 270 kWh per year.
 Deep Hearted is the 2007 debut album of the hip hop group Strong Arm Steady.
 Tammie Wilson is a member of the Alaska House of Representatives representing District 2. Prior to holding this position she was a member of the Fairbanks North Star Borough Assembly.[citation needed]Wilson ran for the FNSB Assembly each year from 2006 to 2008. In 2006 she challenged incumbent Charlie Rex.
 Bad World is a comic book mini-series published by Avatar Press. It is written by Warren Ellis and illustrated by Jacen Burrows. The series consists of three issues and was published from July through October of 2001. The general theme and tone of the series was continued in Bad Signal.
 One Foot in the Grave is the fourth studio album by Beck released in June 1994 on K Records an independent label. Like Stereopathetic Soulmanure the album never charted; however One Foot in the Grave strengthened Beck's critical reputation arguably allowing him to break into the mainstream with Odelay in 1996. One Foot in the Grave shows a strong folk influence that is more pronounced than on his more eclectic-style albums of the time Mellow Gold and Odelay.
 Tender Is the Night is a novel by American writer F. Scott Fitzgerald. It was his fourth and final completed novel and was first published in Scribner's Magazine between January–April 1934 in four issues. The title is taken from the poem Ode to a Nightingale by John Keats.In 1932 Fitzgerald's wife Zelda Sayre Fitzgerald was hospitalized for schizophrenia in Baltimore Maryland.
 The Tuttle Square School now the Auburn Historical Society Museum is an historic school building at 41 South Street in Auburn Massachusetts. The single story two-room wood frame building was constructed in 1922 to replace a smaller school on the site in the face of increasing school population. The building's most prominent decorative feature is its Federal-style entry door surround with pilasters supporting scrolled brackets topped by a fanlight.
 The Rt. Hon. Richard Boyle 3rd Earl of Burlington and 4th Earl of Cork KG PC (25 April 1694 – 15 December 1753) born in Yorkshire England was the son of The 2nd Earl of Burlington and 3rd Earl of Cork.
 The Steven House is located in Eau Claire Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Łubnice [wubˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łubnice. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Wieruszów and 107 km (66 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 1100.
 Cyanopepla bertha is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Ecuador.
 Change of Season is the fourteenth studio album from Daryl Hall & John Oates released in 1990. The lead single So Close was co-written with Jon Bon Jovi and Danny Kortchmar and hit a high of #11 on the Billboard Hot 100. It was the second and final album for Arista.
 St. Catharine also known as Dr. Samuel A. Mudd House is a historic house near Waldorf Maryland. It is a two-part frame farmhouse with a two-story three-bay side-passage main house with a smaller two-story two-bay wing. It features a one-story hip-roofed porch across the facade added in 1928. It was at this house where Dr. Samuel A. Mudd treated the injured John Wilkes Booth. St. Catharine has been in the Mudd family since the 1690s. It is operated as a historic house museum.St.
 Curtis Champa Streets Historic District is located in Denver Colorado. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 and is bounded by Arapahoe 30th California and 24th Sts. covering 870 acres and 356 buildings. In 1983 the boundaries were expanded to roughly 30th Stout Downing and Arapahoe Sts. covering870 acres and 77 buildings.
 Proathorybia meyi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Lakshadhikari (Telugu: లక్షాధికారి) is a 1963 Telugu drama film directed by D. Madhusudana Rao and produced by Tammareddy Krishna Murthy.
 The Caledonia River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Theory of Everything: The Origin and Fate of the Universe is an unauthorized 2002 book of some collected works by Stephen Hawking. It was assembled from seven lectures on audiotape by Hawking originally released in 1994 under the title Stephen W. Hawking's Life Works: The Cambridge Lectures.
 Badamasi Maccido (1961-2006) was elected federal Senator for the Sokoto North constituency of Sokoto State Nigeria in April 2003 on the All Nigeria People's Party (ANPP) platform.He died in a plane crash in October 2006.Maccido was born in 1961 son of the Sultan of Sokoto Alhaji Muhammadu Maccido and went to school at Federal Government College Sokoto.He graduated from the Ahmadu Bello University Zaria with a Bsc in Building Engineering.
 The Lake Wanam rainbowfish (Glossolepis wanamensis) is a critically endangered species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family. It is endemic to Lake Wanam near Lae in Papua New Guinea. It has virtually disappeared from the small lake (2-3 km in diameter) due to competition from introduced non-native tilapias but captive populations exist.
 Lucigadus lucifer is a species of rattail. It is found at depths of up to 320 m in the waters around the Philippines and northern Taiwan.This is a very small rattail (up to 11 cm in length) and is highly unusual and distinctive in shape. All the ventral parts of the body appear to have shifted forward so that the pelvic fins are located just below the gill openings and the origin of the long anal fin is just behind the head.
 Santa Maria Novella is a church in Florence Italy situated just across from the main railway station which shares its name. Chronologically it is the first great basilica in Florence and is the city's principal Dominican church.The church the adjoining cloister and chapterhouse contain a store of art treasures and funerary monuments. Especially famous are frescoes by masters of Gothic and early Renaissance.
 The Dr. William Gifford House is a historic Tudor Revival house in Cleveland Ohio United States. Located east of downtown the house sits in a neighborhood of historic houses and is a part of the Upper Prospect Multiple Resource Area. It was designed by Cleveland architect William W. Sabin and built in about 1901.
 Misshitsu (蜜室 Honey Room) is an explicit hentai manga by Yūji Suwa (諏訪優二) under the pen name of Beauty Hair (ビューティ・ヘア). It was published in Japan in April 2002 (in 20000 copies across 1900 retailers) by the Shobunkan publishing group.
 Brett James is the self-titled debut album of American country music singer-songwriter Brett James. It was released on September 12 1995 via Arista Nashville's Career Records division. The singles Female Bonding If I Could See Love and Worth the Fall all entered the Hot Country Songs charts.
 Jacques Brel Is Alive and Well and Living in Paris is a 1975 French/Canadian musical film directed by Denis Héroux. The screenplay by Eric Blau is an adaptation of his book for the long-running off-Broadway revue of the same name.
 The Cloud (German: Die Wolke) is a 2006 German drama film based on a novel by Gudrun Pausewang.
 The Church of St. Sebastian is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 312 East 24th Street in Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1921 and staffed by the Franciscan Friars; it was suppressed in 1971.
 Miscellaneous Writings is a collection of short stories essays and letters by author H. P. Lovecraft. It was released in 1995 by Arkham House in an edition of 4959 copies. The volume was originally conceived by August Derleth and ultimately edited by S.T. Joshi with input from James Turner.
 Nargesi (Persian: نرگسي‎ also Romanized as Nargesī) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 7 families.
 The Knight of the Sacred Lake is a 2001 historical fantasy novel by Rosalind Miles.
 The Bank of the Metropolis building is located at 31 Union Square West in Manhattan New York City. It was designed by Bruce Price an architect particularly attached to designing skyscrapers in three parts mirroring the structure of classical columns and the building reflects this base-shaft-capital concept. The facade of the Renaissance revival building which was built from 1902-1903 is limestone.
 Gibberula fortis is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 The Cyatholipidae are a spider family with 58 described species in 23 genera.They were discovered in the late 19th century in Africa. Cyatholipidae live mostly in moist montane forests. Certain species such as Scharffia rossi however live in dry regions such as savannah.Most members of this family hang beneath sheet webs.
 Substance is a singles compilation album by the post-punk band Joy Division released on Factory Records in 1988. It is the companion to a similar singles compilation by their subsequent band New Order also entitled Substance. It peaked at #7 in the UK album chart and #146 on the Billboard 200 the band's only chart appearance in the United States. It also reached #15 in New Zealand and #53 in Australia in August 1988.
 The Polynesian Triller (Lalage maculosa) is a passerine bird belonging to the triller genus Lalage in the cuckoo-shrike family Campephagidae. It has numerous subspecies distributed across the islands of the south-west Pacific.It is 15 to 16 cm long. The plumage varies geographically; some populations are contrastingly black and white while others have more grey or brown coloration.It is a noisy bird with a nasal rasping call.
 Now Summer 2007 is a compilation CD released by EMI Music Australia in late 2006. Like most Australian summer compilations it is released in December and is meant to carry on throughout January and February (the three months of summer). It has two CDs which no other NOW CD in Australia has. Now Summer 2007 is the 15th CD of the Australian Now! series.
 Cronia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Paul W. Miller (August 10 1899 – August 1976) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Darreh-ye Qila Ali Mohammad (Persian: دره قيلاعلي محمد‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Qīlā ʿAlī Moḩammad; also known as Darreh-ye Qīlā) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The island trevally Carangoides orthogrammus (also known as the island jack thicklip trevally and false bluefin trevally) is a widespread species of offshore marine fish classified in the jack family Carangidae. The island trevally is common through the tropical regions of the Indian and Pacific Oceans ranging from Mozambique and the Seychelles in the west to Hawaii and the Revillagigedo Islands in the central and eastern Pacific.
 Capital (ISBN 9780571234622) is a novel by John Lanchester published by Faber and Faber in 2012. The novel is set in London during the late 2010s and the title refers both to London as the capital city of the United Kingdom and to financial capital.
 Joseph Joe Fine (June 13 1895 – October 4 1969) was a well known businessman and politician in Marquette Michigan. Born in Lithuania Fine became a citizen of the United States and lived most of his life in Marquette. In the 1960s he was active in city politics. Offices he held included mayor city commissioner and member of the Board of Light and Power. His legacy includes Marquette's Board of Light and Power which operates a municipal power station for the city.
 Murphy's Revenge is the second novel of the Martin Murphy series by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman published on 4 April 2005 through Headline Publishing Group.
 Artemio V. Panganiban (born December 7 1936) The Renaissance Jurist of the 21st Century was the 21st Supreme Court Chief Justice of the Philippines.[1]
 Dark Corners is a 2006 horror-thriller film directed by Ray Gower and starring Thora Birch.
 Sharafat Chod Di Maine is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Jagdev Bhambri.
 The Pur River (Russian: Пур) is a river in the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug in Russia. The Pur River proper starts at the confluence of the Pyakupur and Aivasedapur Rivers. The length of the Pur River is 389 km. It is often considered as the Pyakupur's extension which would make it 1024 km long. The area of its basin is 112000 km².Just a few miles west of the mouth of the Taz River the Pur River flows into the Taz Estuary which is connected through the Gulf of Ob with the Kara Sea.
 Mail is a horror manga series written and illustrated by Housui Yamazaki. The English translation is published by Dark Horse Comics.The series centers around Reiji Akiba (秋葉 零児 Akiba Reiji) a private eye who investigates cases dealing with ghosts. He uses a broomhandle pistol called Kagutsuchi (迦具土 Kagutsuchi) and hallowed ammunition to shoot ghosts that may or may not have possessed people and seal them inside the bullets which simply drop to the floor.
 Basudevapur is a town in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3364 and had 651 houses in the town.
 Cranks and Shadows is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1990s Rocksburg a fictional blue-collar Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks Pennsylvania adjacent to Pittsburgh).Mario Balzic is the protagonist an atypical detective for the genre a Serbo-Italian American cop middle-aged unpretentious a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force.
 Michelle Rehwinkel Vasilinda (born on July 9 1960) is a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 9th District which includes most of Leon County since 2008.
 Qeshlaq-e Hadli (Persian: قشلاق هدلي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Hadlī) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Karin Daughter of Ingmar (Swedish: Karin Ingmarsdotter) is a 1920 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström. It is the second part in Sjöström's large-scale adaption of Selma Lagerlöf's novel Jerusalem following Sons of Ingmar from the year before and depicting chapter three and four from the novel. The critical reception was however unenthusiastic and Sjöström decided to not direct any more parts. Eventually the suite was finished by Gustaf Molander in 1926.
 Grits is the debut novel by British author Niall Griffiths published in 2000 by Jonathan Cape. Set in and around Aberystwyth and concerning promiscuity drugs alcohol and petty crime it gained for its author who lives and works in the town the dubious honorific the Welsh Irvine Welsh.
 The first album by Canadian jazz fusion band Metalwood. It won a Juno award for best contemporary jazz album.
 The Pale-winged Trumpeter (Psophia leucoptera) also known as the White-winged Trumpeter is a species of bird in the Psophiidae family. It is found in the southwestern Amazon Rainforest of Brazil northern Bolivia and eastern Peru.It has two subspecies: The widespread nominate has a white rump and is found south of the Amazon River and west of the Madeira River while ochroptera has a yellowish rump and is found between the Amazon River and the lower Rio Negro.
 Harvey Jewell (*May 26 1820 – December 8 1881) was a U.S. politician who served as the Speaker of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1868 to 1871. He was born in Winchester New Hampshire on May 26 1820 the first of ten children born to Pliny and Emily Alexander Jewell. His younger brother Marshall Jewell (1825-1883) would later be elected Governor of Connecticut and would serve as President Grant's U.S. Postmaster-General.Jewell graduated from Dartmouth College in 1844.
 Rita Campbell is an American politician and a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing District 34 since January 11 2011.
 Phycodes chalcocrossa is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1909. It is found in the Middle East and Saudi Arabia.
 Donji Ljubeš (Serbian: Доњи Љубеш) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 597 people.
 Baron Zsigmond Perényi de Perény (25 November 1870 – 18 March 1946) was a Hungarian politician who served as Interior Minister in 1919. During the Hungarian Soviet Republic he was arrested by the communists. He was the governor of the annexed Zakarpattia Oblast (Kárpátalja) between 28 April 1939 and 12 September 1940. As Crown Guard he was a member of the House of Magnates later Speaker of this assembly.
 Ercheia ekeikei is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New Guinea as well as Queensland.The wingspan is about 10 mm.
 Ngô Văn Dụ (born 21 December 1947 in Vĩnh Phúc Province) is the Chairman of the Central Commission for Inspection of the Communist Party of Vietnam. He's a member of the 11th Politburo in which he is ranked 12th.
 The Purgatoire River is a river in southeastern Colorado United States. The river is also known locally as the Purgatory River or the Picketwire River.
 Minoru Yanagida (柳田 稔 Yanagida Minoru born November 6 1954) is a Japanese politician of the Democratic Party of Japan a member of the House of Councillors in the Diet (national legislature). A native of Kagoshima Kagoshima and graduate of the University of Tokyo he was elected to the House of Councillors for the first time in 1998 after serving in the House of Representatives for two terms since 1990.
 Paracles vulpina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Uruguay Argentina and Brazil.
 The Spider and the Fly is a 1949 film directed by Robert Hamer. An unusual love triangle develops between two criminals and a policeman on the eve of World War I.
 Birreencorragh is a mountain in the Nephin Beg Range County Mayo Ireland reaching 698 metres (2290 ft) above sea level. It is separated from nearby mountains such as Glennamong and Nephin Beg in the west and Nephin in the east by deep depressions. It makes a good viewpoint of the Nephin Beg Range. The name Birreencorragh derives from the Irish Birín Corrach meaning rocky little spike; birín is found in very few Irish toponyms.
 The Dark Imbalance (also known as A Dark Imbalance in the United States) is a 2001 science fiction novel by Sean Williams. It is the third novel in the Evergence series and is preceded by The Dying Light which was published in 2000. It follows the story of Morgan Roche who has been given the task to protect mankind from the cloned warriors.
 Smart Adeyemi (born 18 August 1960) was elected Senator for the Kogi West constituency of Kogi State Nigeria taking office on 29 May 2007. He is a member of the People's Democratic Party (PDP).
 Trebečaj is a village in the municipality of Trnovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Melissa Hortman (born May 27 1970) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) she represents District 36B which includes portions of Anoka and Hennepin counties in the Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 I Started Out as a Child is Bill Cosby's second album released in 1964. It is the first Cosby album that features his childhood memories in his comic routines but many of the tracks are still observational humor.Recorded live at Mr. Kelly's in Chicago Illinois the album won the Grammy Award in 1965 for Best Comedy Album. It was added to the National Recording Registry in 2009.
 Lovers Lane is a 2005 pornographic horror film written and directed by Brad Armstrong and co-written by Stormy Daniels.
 Ylä-Rieveli (also called Ylä-Rääveli) is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is a lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area. Ylä-Rieveli is located in the regions Southern Savonia and Päijänne Tavastia. It is connected with another lake Enonvesi with Pirtinsalmi strait.
 Martin Luther Smyser (April 3 1851 – May 6 1908) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.Born on a farm in Plain Township Wayne County Ohio Smyser attended the common schools and was graduated from Wittenberg College Springfield Ohio in 1870.He studied law at Wooster under Lyman R. Critchfield.He was admitted to the bar in 1872 and practiced in Wooster.In 1873 he entered into partnership with Addison S.
 Eslamabad-e Pain (Persian: اسلام ابادپايين‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Eslāmābād-e Paeen) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District Voshmgir District Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 60 families.
 Kadhal Azhivathillai (Tamil: காதல் அழிவதில்லை; English: Love Can Never Be Destroyed) is the debut film for Silambarasan as an actor. This film was directed and acted by Vijaya T. Rajendar. This film's stars are Silambarasan and Charmi.
 In Pursuit of Blackness is an album by American saxophonist Joe Henderson released in 1971 on Milestone. It features three tracks recorded in studio in 1971 and two tracks recorded live at the legendary Lighthouse Café in 1970.
 For other synagogues called Beth El see Temple Beth-El (disambiguation).Temple Beth-El is an historic Moorish Revival synagogue located at 208 South 15th Street in Corsicana Texas. It became a Recorded Texas Historical Landmark in 1981.On February 3 1987 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Miller Cemetery Church near Silverton Oregon was built in 1882. It is a rare example in Oregon of a burying church.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Blair House of Washington Iowa also known as City Hall was built in 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Qareh Tappeh (Persian: قره تپه‎; also known as Karatapa Qara Tepe and Rah Tappeh) is a village in Harzandat-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 42 families.
 The Forbidden Legend Sex & Chopsticks (Chinese: 金瓶梅; pinyin: Jīnpíngméi; literally Golden Lotus). is a 2008 Hong Kong sex film directed by Qian Wenqi and produced by Wong Jing starring Oscar Lam wai-kin Norman Chui and Hayakawa Serina it based on the novel of The Golden Lotus by Lanling Xiaoxiao Sheng. The film premiered in Hong Kong on 19 September 2008.
 The Calico Dome was a geodesic dome at Ahmedabad Gujarat India inspired from designs of Buckminster Fuller. It was a combined showroom and shop for Calico Mills and was inaugurated in 1962. It later collapsed and as of 2013 is being reconstructed by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation.
 Burgruine Gmünd is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The Road to Oz: In Which Is Related How Dorothy Gale of Kansas The Shaggy Man Button Bright and Polychrome the Rainbow's Daughter Met on an Enchanted Road and Followed it All the Way to the Marvelous Land of Oz. is the fifth of L. Frank Baum's Land of Oz books. It was originally published on July 10 1909 and documents Dorothy's fourth visit to Oz.The book was dedicated to Joslyn Stanton Baum the author's first grandson the child of Baum's eldest son Frank Joslyn Baum.
 Załom [ˈzawɔm] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Goleniów and 11 km (7 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Palatine Bridge Freight House is a historic freight depot located at Palatine Bridge in Montgomery County New York. It is a rectangular limestone building constructed in the mid-1850s. It measures 300 feet long and is a fine example of a mid 19th century storage house. It has a low slope gable roof with overhanging eaves.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 A Russian Beauty and Other Stories is a collection of thirteen short stories by Vladimir Nabokov. All were written in Russian by Nabokov between 1923 and 1940 as an expatriate in Berlin Paris and other places in western Europe. They appeared individually in the Russian émigré press. Subsequently they were translated into English by him and his son Dmitri Nabokov but for the first story which was translated by Simon Karlinsky. The collection was published in 1973.
 Blue Velvet is a 1986 American mystery thriller film written and directed by David Lynch. The movie exhibits elements of both film noir and surrealism. The film stars Kyle MacLachlan Isabella Rossellini Dennis Hopper and Laura Dern. The title is taken from The Clovers' 1955 song of the same name. Although initially detested by some mainstream critics the film is now widely acclaimed and earned Lynch his second Academy Award nomination for Best Director.
 Invitation is the first full-length studio album from the Finnish power metal band Altaria.
 Ch. Chhunga was the First Chief Minister of the Indian state of Mizoram
 The Gilbert Colburn House is a historic house at 110–112 Crescent Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The two story wood frame duplex was built c. 1870 and is a nearly intact example of an Italianate house built for Waltham Watch Company workers. The main facade is symmetrical with a pair of entrances at the center each with its own ornate scrolled hood.
 Bellamya monardi is a species of large freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae. This species is found in Angola and Namibia.
 Wally Hicks (born September 11 1976) is a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Oregon. He currently serves in the Oregon House of Representatives. He represents District 3 which encompasses most of Josephine County including the cities of Grants Pass and Cave Junction.
 The North Grove Street Historic District is located along the north end of that street in Tarrytown New York United States. It consists of five mid-19th century residences on both sides of the street and a carriage barn.
 Mahoromatic (まほろまてぃっく Mahoromatikku) is a sci-fi romantic comedy manga and anime series which contains elements of the literary genre of tragic dramas. It is about a female android former soldier Mahoro. Driven by guilt from her actions during her combat days she decides to dedicate the rest of her life to serving the son of her late commander as a maid.
 Dasht-e Asad (Persian: دشت اسد‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Āsad) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 V. Vaithilingam (born October 5 1950 Tamil வைத்தியலிங்கம்) is an Indian politician who is the former Chief Minister of Puducherry. He held that position from 1991 to 1996 and has been Chief Minister again from 2008-2011. Vaithilingam is credited with leading a stable and efficient government in Puducherry State through a complete five-year term during his prior period in office.
 Harrat Rahat is a volcanic lava field in Saudi Arabia. In 1256 AD a 0.5 cu km lava flow erupted from six aligned scoria cones and traveled 23 km to within 4 km of the holy city of Medina: this was its last eruption. There were earlier eruptions. It is the biggest lava field in Saudi Arabia. Nearby is the Al Wahbah crater.
 The Twins (Dutch: De Tweeling) is a 1993 novel by Tessa de Loo (nl) about the sisters Lotte and Anna who are separated at the age of six when their father dies.
 The Edward J. Schwartz United States Courthouse is the current courthouse building located in San Diego California. It is a courthouse for the United States District Court for the Southern District of California. The 103rd Congress designated the building under H.R. 3770 in 1994 which became Public Law 103-228. The Courthouse is one of the busiest federal court houses in the nation. The Current courthouse is 895000 square feet.
 The People vs. Larry Flynt is a 1996 American biographical drama film directed by Miloš Forman about the rise of pornographic magazine publisher and editor Larry Flynt and his subsequent clash with the law. The film stars Woody Harrelson Courtney Love and Edward Norton.The film was written by Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski.
 Council House is a 13-storey office building on St Georges Terrace in Perth Western Australia. Located beside Stirling Gardens and Government House in the city's central business district the 47.9-metre (157 ft) building was designed by Howlett and Bailey Architects and opened by The Queen in 1963 after Perth hosted the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games.
 The Church of St. Augustine was a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York. It was located at 1183 Franklin Avenue between East 167th Street and East 168th Street in the Morrisania neighborhood of the Bronx New York City. The church was closed in 2011 and demolished in 2013.
 Rental Magica (レンタルマギカ Rentaru Magika) is a Japanese light novel series by Makoto Sanda with illustrations by Pako. It is in the midst of serialization in The Sneaker magazine published by Kadokawa Shoten. An anime television series adaptation animated by Zexcs was broadcast in Japan between October 7 2007 and March 23 2008 airing a total of twenty-four episodes.
 Dimitris Koutsoumpas (Greek: Δημήτρης Κουτσούμπας) (born August 10 1955) is a Greek communist politician who is since 14 April 2013 the General Secretary of the Communist Party of Greece.
 Pagodula pulchella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Amnesiac is the fifth studio album by the English rock band Radiohead. It was produced by Nigel Godrich and released on 5 June 2001 through Parlophone. Recorded in the same sessions as previous album Kid A (2000) Amnesiac incorporates similar influences of electronic music classical music jazz and krautrock and explores lyrical themes of memory and reincarnation influenced by ancient Greek and Egyptian mythology.
 Sochonie [sɔˈxɔɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wasilków and 10 km (6 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bagh-e Mohammad Ali (Persian: باغ محمدعلي‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Moḩammad ‘Alī) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 356 in 80 families.
 Barkeh Abi (Persian: بركه ابي‎ also Romanized as Barkeh Ābī) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 13 families.
 Gardab-e Yek (Persian: گرداب یک‎ also Romanized as Gardāb-e Yek; also known as Gardāb and Gerdāb) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 Rui Fernando da Silva Rio GCIH (born August 6 1957 in Porto) is a Portuguese politician and former Mayor of Porto (Presidente da Câmara Municipal).Rio studied at the Colégio Alemão do Porto (Porto's German School) and earned his degree in economics at the University of Porto where he was president of the Student Association and a member of the Pedagogical Council.
 The Virginia Washington Monument is an equestrian statue located adjacent to the Virginia State Capitol in Capitol Square in the city of Richmond Virginia. In 1858 it became the second equestrian statue of George Washington to be unveiled in the United States (following the one in Union Square New York City unveiled in 1856). It is the terminus for Grace Street.The cornerstone of the monument was laid in 1850.
 Sword of Chaos and Other Stories is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books in April 1982.
 Biharinath (Bengali: বিহারীনাথ) is the tallest hill of Bankura District in the Indian state of West Bengal. and one of the dense forest areas of the district. It is 451 metres (1480 ft) high. It is situated about 60 kilometres (37 mi) north-west of Bankura town and 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Saltora town.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 87 families.
 Desert Springs Hospital is for-profit hospital owned and operated by Universal Health Services. This 346-bed hospital is located in Paradise Nevada.
 Paracles vivida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 The Key Gnaphosid spider (Cesonia irvingi) is a species of ground spider in the Gnaphosidae family. It is found in Bahamas Florida and Cuba.
 Berend Bert de Vries (born March 29 1938) is a retired Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He served as a Member of the House of Representatives from November 21 1978 until November 7 1989. After the Dutch general election of 1982 the Christian Democratic Appeal lost 3 seats and incumbent Prime Minister Dries van Agt unexpectedly announced that he was stepping down.
 Jungle Raiders also known as Captain Yankee (in original Italian La leggenda del rubino malese) is a 1985 Cannon Film. This film by Antonio Margheriti stars Christopher Connelly and Lee Van Cleef. The film was the third of three films Antonio Margheriti made in which he attempted to copy the success of Raiders of the Lost Ark (the first films he made were Hunters of the Golden Cobra and Ark of the Sun God).
 Darker than Amber (1966) is the seventh novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot begins with McGee and his close friend Meyer are fishing underneath a bridge and a young woman bound and weighted is thrown over the bridge. It was also adapted into a 1970 film of the same name.
 Guzik (Persian: گوزيك‎ also Romanized as Gūzīk) is a village in Shenetal Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 206 in 32 families.
 The Noord (North) is a short tidal river in the western Netherlands.It starts at the city of Dordrecht where the Beneden Merwede river forks into the Oude Maas and the Noord. It joins the Lek at the city of Ridderkerk and Kinderdijk and the combined stream is thereafter known as the Nieuwe Maas. The distance is about 9 km. The direction of its water flow dependents on the tides. The Noord River separates IJsselmonde island from Alblasserwaard mainland to the east.
 Sharam (Persian: شارم‎ also Romanized as Shāram) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 114 families.
 Darvian-e Olya (Persian: درويان عليا‎ also Romanized as Darvīān-e ‘Olyā and Darvīān ‘Olyā; also known as Darreh Veyān-e ‘Olyā Darreh Veyān-e Sheykh Darreh Vīān-e ‘Olyā Darreh Vīān-e Sheykh Aḩmad Darreh Vīān Sheykh-e Bālā Darreh Wiyān Darvīān-e Sheykh Aḩmad and Qareh Vīān) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 446 in 81 families.
 Skotjernhaugen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Zone is the third and final studio album by Australian music group Southern Sons. The album was released in Australia in 1995. The album was re-released in 1996 with an alternate tracklisting and three live tracks. The album was also released in the Australian iTunes Store as a digital download in 2010.
 John F. McBurney III (born December 8 1950) was a Democratic member of the Rhode Island Senate representing the 15th district from 1974 to 2010. McBurney first won election to the Senate in 1974 replacing his father John F. McBurney Jr. who had represented Pawtucket for 16 years.He announced his retirement from the Senate on July 2 2010. Democrat Donna Nesselbush was elected to succeed him.
 A Delicate Balance is a play by Edward Albee. It premiered in 1966 and won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1967 the first of three he received for his work.The uneasy existence of upper-middle-class suburbanites Agnes and Tobias and their permanent houseguest Agnes' witty alcoholic sister Claire is disrupted by the sudden appearance of lifelong family friends Harry and Edna fellow empty nesters with free-floating anxiety who ask to stay with them to escape an unnamed terror.
 The R.R Donnelley Printing Plant sometimes known as the Lakeside Press Building or more simply The Calumet Plant and now known as the Lakeside Technology Center was built between 1912 and 1929 to house the operations of the RR Donnelley printing company. The building supported printing operations for the company and was the Donnelley headquarters until 1991 when they moved the headquarters to 77 West Wacker. In 1993 the plant was closed after the discontinuation by Sears Roebuck and Co.
 Philenora irregularis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Lucas in 1890. It is found in Australia.
 The Dr. Samuel D. Mercer House was built in 1885 at 3920 Cuming Street in the historic Walnut Hill neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska United States. Samuel Mercer was the chief surgeon of the Union Pacific Railroad and the founder of Omaha's first hospital.A grand 23-room red brick mansion built in the Queen Anne style the key feature of the home is a three-story square tower that rises above the south side main entrance. The cost of the structure was $60000.
 The Alderson Bridge also known as Alderson Memorial Bridge is a historic concrete arch bridge in Alderson West Virginia. It crosses the Greenbrier River which separates Greenbrier and Monroe counties. The bridge once carried Monroe Street but is now closed to traffic. It was built in 1914 and measures 21 feet wide including the walkways and 453 feet long.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. It is located in the Alderson Historic District listed in 1993.
 Luke's Fatal Flivver is a 1916 American short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Hoseynabad-e Madvar (Persian: حسين ابادمدوار‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Madvār; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Khursand Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 The John Byrd EP by the band Death Cab for Cutie was recorded live during their spring 2004 North American tour. It is named after the band's sound engineer John Byrd who worked with them during the tour. The album was the band's last release on the indie label Barsuk Records. It is only available in a limited number of record stores and through the record label's website.
 Paul Kagame (/kəˈɡɑːmeɪ/ kə-GAH-may; born 23 October 1957) is the sixth and current President of Rwanda having taken office in 2000 when his predecessor Pasteur Bizimungu resigned. Kagame previously commanded the rebel force that ended the 1994 Rwandan Genocide and was considered Rwanda's de facto leader when he served as Vice President and Minister of Defence from 1994 to 2000.Kagame was born to a Tutsi family in southern Rwanda.
 Me Me Me is the first album by antifolk singer/songwriter Matt Roth using the performing name Major Matt Mason USA. The album is a completely solo effort consisting mostly of Roth singing and playing an acoustic guitar with occasional overdubs and reverse tape effects.The album is released on Roth's own label Olive Juice Music in the US and on Francis MacDonald's label Shoeshine Records in the UK.
 Alexander William George Duff 1st Duke of Fife KG KT GCVO PC VD (10 November 1849 – 29 January 1912) styled Viscount Macduff between 1857 and 1879 and known as The Earl Fife between 1879 and 1889 was a British peer who married Princess Louise the third child and eldest daughter of Edward VII and Alexandra of Denmark.
 Truskaw [ˈtruskaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Izabelin 10 km (6 mi) north of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 1400.
 Trigonostoma diamantinum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Major General Paul Chabri Tarfa is a Nigerian military officer who was appointed Governor of Oyo State during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo handing over to the elected civilian governor Bola Ige.He was appointed commandant of the Nigerian Defence Academy Kaduna.Under the military rule of General Murtala Mohammed (July 1975 – February 1976) Lieutenant-Colonel Tarfa became Provost Marshall General and was responsible reporting to General Theophilus Danjuma for the clean-up campaign in the four divisions of the army. 
 Mulberry Hill is a historic home located at Lexington Virginia. It was built in at least four different building periods that range from the late-18th century to the early 20th century. The original section was built about 1798. It two-story five bay brick dwelling with a four-room double-pile central-passage plan. Its hipped roof was added about 1903.
 Aasgard Pass officially identified as Colchuck Pass (elevation 7841 feet (2390 m)) is a mountain pass on the east side of the Cascades in Washington's Alpine Lakes Wilderness southwest of Leavenworth. It is the shorter and steeper of two primary hiking routes into The Enchantments one of Washington's most popular hiking areas. It separates Colchuck Lake (elevation 5570 feet (1700 m)) to the northwest from the Upper Enchantment Basin (elevation ~7500 feet (2300 m)) to the southeast.
 The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark is a book by astrophysicist Carl Sagan which was first published in 1995.The book is intended to explain the scientific method to laypeople and to encourage people to learn critical or skeptical thinking. It explains methods to help distinguish between ideas that are considered valid science and ideas that can be considered pseudoscience.
 Cambodge entre guerre et paix (Cambodia: Between War and Peace) is a 1991 French-Cambodian documentary film directed by Rithy Panh. The film shot at the end of 1991 at the time of Norodom Sihanouk’s return to Cambodia questions the Cambodian people and explores the horrors and effects of the Khmer Rouge on them and what future they may look forward to.
 The Pedieos (ancient Pediaios or Pediaeus or Pidkias) (Greek: Πεδιαίος/Πιθκιάς Turkish: Kanlı Dere) is the longest river in Cyprus. The river originates in the Troodos Mountains close to Machairas Monastery and flows northeast across the Mesaoria plains through the capital city Nicosia. It then steers east meeting the sea at Famagusta Bay close to the ancient Greek city of Salamis.The river has a total length of approximately 100 km.
 Tanius (meaning of Tan) is a genus of hadrosauroid dinosaur. It lived in the Late Cretaceous of China. The type species named and described in 1929 by Carl Wiman is Tanius sinensis. The generic name honours the Chinese paleontologist Tan Xichou (H.C. Tan). The specific name refers to China.Tan in April 1923 discovered the remains in the east of Shandong at the village of Ch'ing-kang-kou ten kilometres southeast of Lai Yang.
 Squaw Run is a tributary of the Allegheny River located in Allegheny County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 My Sister and I is an apocryphal work attributed to German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche. Following Nietzsche scholar Walter Kaufmann most consider the work to be a literary forgery although a small minority argues for the book's authenticity.It was supposedly written in 1889 or early 1890 during Nietzsche's stay in a mental asylum in the Thuringian city of Jena.
 A Little Bit of Mambo is the debut album by Lou Bega released in 1999 (see 1999 in music). Propelled by the success of the single Mambo No. 5 (A Little Bit of...) the album went platinum in over 10 countries.
 Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine (often abbreviated to OPM) is a now-defunct monthly video game magazine published by Ziff Davis Media. It was a sister publication of Electronic Gaming Monthly. The magazine focused exclusively on PlayStation hardware software and culture covering the original PlayStation PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable.
 The Madagascan Plover (Charadrius thoracicus) is a species of bird in the Charadriidae family. It is also called the Black-banded Plover.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical mangrove forests sandy shores intertidal marshes and coastal saline lagoons. It is the world's smallest plover at 11.5 g and 13.5 cm (5.3 in).
 Live at the Royal Albert Hall is the debut live album released by Scottish singer-songwriter Emeli Sandé. The album was released on 18 February 2013. The set features the headline concert filmed at London's Royal Albert Hall on 11 November 2012. The set includes Sandé's hit singles and songs from her number-one selling debut album Our Version of Events.
 The Rasp is a whodunit mystery novel by Philip MacDonald. It was published in 1924 and introduces his series character detective Colonel Anthony Gethryn. It is set in a country house in rural England.
 Compiler (コンパイラ) is a two-part anime original video animation.Compiler (as in a computer compiler) is an anime based on the manga by Kia Asamiya which features two girls Compiler and Assembler who arrived on earth from 2-D cyberspace to play a game in which they will delete the real world and reform it. However they move in with two young men called Toshi and Nachi and lose interest in the game.
 Groovy Decay was the second solo album by Robyn Hitchcock released in 1982.
 Invisible is the third studio album and second international album by Polish singer Edyta Górniak known as Edyta. It was released in Poland under the title Perła.Invisible was dedicated to US-American singers Aaliyah and Selena.
 A Day with Wilbur Robinson is a 1990 children's picture book (slightly expanded for a 2006 reissue) written and illustrated by William Joyce. A film adaptation called Meet the Robinsons was released by Walt Disney Pictures in 2007 in the United States.
 The Israel Museum (Hebrew: מוזיאון ישראל‎ Muze'on Yisrael) was founded in 1965 as Israel's national museum. It is situated on a hill in the Givat Ram neighborhood of Jerusalem near the Bible Lands Museum the Knesset the Israeli Supreme Court and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
 The South Prairie Community Hall near Minot North Dakota was built in 1920. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.It is the last surviving one of five town and community halls on the prairies south of Minot.
 Brevicoceras is an extinct prehistoric nautiloid genus from the order Oncocerida with wide distribution in the Middle Devonian in Eastern North America Russia and Morocco. Nautiloids form a broad group of shelled cephalopods that were once diverse and numerous but are now represented by only a handful of species in two genera.
 Gilbert Finn OC (born 3 September 1920) is a Canadian businessman and was the 26th Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick from 1987 to 1994.Born in Inkerman New Brunswick he received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Laval University in 1944.In 1974 he was made a Member of the Order of Canada and was promoted to Officer in 1979. In 2008 he returned his insignia of the Order in protest of the appointment of Henry Morgentaler. However he has never formally resigned his appointment to the Order.
 Hallsboro Store is a historic general store located near Midlothian Chesterfield County Virginia. It was built about 1885 and is a two-story wood frame structure set on a concrete and brick foundation in a Late Victorian style. The store was operated by a succession of prominent Chesterfield County businessmen and it served as a post office and general store for its community for many generations.
 Hamid Majid Mousa (Arabicحميد مجيد موسى) is the Secretary General of the Iraqi Communist Party. He was a member of the Interim Iraq Governing Council created following the United States's 2003 invasion of Iraq and previously currently held a seat in the National Assembly under Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National List.
 Acanthofrontia biannulata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Tanzania.
 José Francisco Olvera Ruiz (born June 15 1956) is a Mexican politician and a member of Institutional Revolutionary Party. He was Municipal president (Mayor) of Pachuca and since April 1 2011 is serving as Governor of Hidalgo.
 Nanhu Mountain (Chinese: 南湖大山) is a mountain in Taiwan with an elevation of 3740 m (12270 ft). It is one of the highest mountains in Taiwan. Nanhu Salamanader (Hynobius glacialis) is a rare salamander that was first described from this mountain.
 The Novicior River is a tributary of the Vaser River in Romania.
 The Glace Bay Heritage Museum or the Old Town Hall is located in Glace Bay Nova Scotia in the one-time town hall. The town's memorial to its deceased coal miners is located on the museum grounds. Some items contained in the museum are: Central School 1988 Time Capsule Joey Mullins' (Olympic Runner 1960 Olympics) original running shoes Extensive mining photographs and artifacts Collection of yearbooks and yearly almanacs Fishing artifacts
 Lasius speculiventris is a species of ant that is commonly found in the northern United States and lives in forests woodlands and meadows.
 Il Liberatore ('The Liberator') was an Italian language underground publication issued by the Italian section of the Tunisian Communist Party. Il Liberatore appeared in 1935 after the antifascist weekly Domani had been banned.
 Gold Mother is the third studio album from English band James originally released June 1990. The album was recorded for Rough Trade Records but James asked to be released from their contract with them and moved to Fontana. After the success of a Flood Mix of Come Home and the non-album singles Lose Control and Sit Down the album was re-released almost a year later to include these tracks replacing other tracks on the album.
 Marconi-RCA Wireless Receiving Station is a historic district at the junction of Old Comers Rd. and Orleans Rd. in Chatham Massachusetts. It and its companion transmitter station at Marion were used for WCC the busiest ship to shore radio station for most of the 20th century replacing the original WCC site in South Wellfleet.
 Huba [ˈxuba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czorsztyn within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Maniowy 16 km (10 mi) east of Nowy Targ and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village of Huba Poland is one of the smallest Podhalanian villages.
 Arcoptilia is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Cairine Reay Mackay Wilson (February 4 1885 – March 3 1962) was Canada's first female senator.Born Cairine Reay Mackay in Montreal she was the daughter of Jane Mackay and Robert Mackay a Liberal Senator and personal friend of Sir Wilfrid Laurier. In 1909 she married Norman Wilson the Liberal Member of Parliament for Russell and they moved to Cumberland Ontario to begin a family. In 1918 the Wilsons moved to Ottawa where Cairine performed extensive volunteer work.
 Jashoda Parmar is a Member of Legislative assembly from Jotana constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
 Jack's Jump is a subglacial volcano in east-central British Columbia Canada located at the northeastern end of Wells Gray Provincial Park.
 The Fierăstrăul River ( Hungarian: Fűrész-patak [ˈfyːreːs pɒtɒk]) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name is from the Hungarian fűrész meaning saw.
 Øystein Hedstrøm (born 7 August 1946) is a Norwegian politician. He was a Member of Parliament from Østfold for the Progress Party from 1989 to 2005 after which he declined renomination.
 Mil Pay Mil (Persian: ميل پاي ميل‎ also Romanized as Mīl Pāy Mīl; also known as Pā-ye Mīl) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 25 families.
 Western Mail is a 1942 American western film directed by Robert Emmett Tansey.
 The Glen Ellyn Main Street Historic District is a set of eleven buildings in Glen Ellyn Illinois. The houses were built between 1874 and 1890 when the village was known as Prospect Park. The swampy setting of the village began to gain a reputation as a retreat away from the city and by 1882 the village was large enough for incorporation. Wealthy businessmen built homes along the main stretch of the village in what would become the historical district.
 The Angolan genet (Genetta angolensis) is a mammal from the Carnivora order related to civets and linsangs. It is one of fourteen species of genets. It is endemic to Angola Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Mozambique Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Punk Goes Pop 3 is the tenth compilation album released from the Punk Goes... series created by Fearless Records to feature covers by various artists of pop songs and is the tenth album in the series overall. It was released on November 2 2010.
 Djin Djin is the eighth studio album by Beninese singer Angélique Kidjo released on April 27 2007 (see 2007 in music) on Razor & Tie. It won Best Contemporary World Music Album at the 2008 Grammy Awards.
 Convicted Felons is the fifth studio album from Turk and was released on September 5 2006. As of December 2008 the album has sold around 20000 copies.
 The Iezer River is a tributary of the Repedea River in Romania.
 Dragon Age Pure (Japanese: ドラゴンエイジピュア Hepburn: Doragon Eiji Pyua) was a Japanese shōnen manga magazine published by Fujimi Shobo. It was first released on January 30 2006 and was initially sold quarterly. Starting with the sale of the fourth volume on April 20 2007 the magazine was sold bimonthly until its final issue the fifteenth volume released on February 20 2009.
 Harpsong is a novel by Rilla Askew published in 2007. It is volume one in Oklahoma Stories and Storytellers from University of Oklahoma Press. Harpsong received the Oklahoma Book Award the Western Heritage Award the WILLA Literary Award from Women Writing the West and the Violet Crown Award from the Writers' League of Texas in 2008.Harpsong tells the story of Harlan Singer and his teenage wife Sharon on the road in the midwest during the depression.
 Centurion is a 2010 British action film directed by Neil Marshall loosely based on the legend of the massacre of the Ninth Legion in Caledonia in the early second century AD. The film stars Michael Fassbender Olga Kurylenko Dominic West and Liam Cunningham.
 Viriconium is an omnibus collection of two books of the Viriconium series by M. John Harrison. It was published in 1988 by Allen & Unwin. The book contains the novel In Viriconium and the full contents of the short story collection Viriconium Nights. Several of the stories first appeared in the magazines New Worlds and Interzone.
 Frank Nweke Jr. is a Nigerian politician who was Minister of Youth Minister of Information and then Minister of Information and Communications during the second term of President Olusegun Obasanjo (2003–2007).
 Hasanağa is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity). Its distance to Tarsus is 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) and to Mersin is 42 kilometres (26 mi). The population of village was 150 as of 2012. The major crop of the village is cotton.
 Tuy River is a river of northern Venezuela in the Valles del Tuy region of Miranda State. The principal river of Miranda it flows north from Aragua State through Miranda into the Caribbean Sea. Tributaries include the Guaire River the principal river of Caracas and the Caucagua River.Towns on the Tuy River include Cúa and Ocumare del Tuy.
 Halgerda dalanghita is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Hairmyres Hospital is a busy district general hospital in East Kilbride South Lanarkshire Scotland. The hospital serves one of the largest elderly populations in Scotland.
 Larry's Lookout is located on Husband Hill Gusev Crater Mars. It is named after geologist Larry Crumpler.In 2005 Spirit a Mars Exploration Rover spent 70 sols ascending Larry's Lookout and then 4 sols taking panoramic photographs of the Tennessee Valley below.
 Megatropolis is Iron Savior's sixth full length album released on the 4th of June 2007.
 Yonder is the second anthology of short stories by Charles Beaumont published in April of 1958. The volume is out of print but reasonably available.
 Mains d’Œuvres (Manpower) is a not-for-profit arts organization based in Saint-Ouen a suburb of Paris. The organization supports contemporary art by coordinating residencies for emerging artists and by programming exhibitions and events.
 Metarctia transvaalica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1973. It is found in South Africa.
 The Mâzgana River is a tributary of the Argeşel River in Romania.
 Tropidophoxinellus spartiaticus is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Greece.Its natural habitats are rivers and intermittent rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Caseolus sphaerulus is a species of small land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk.The specific epithet is spelled C. sphaerulus in both of the references here cited however the species is also often referred to in reputable sources as C. sphaerula for example in the Convention of Berne and the Habitats Directive. Here we are assuming these usages are in error firstly because the Latin word caseolus is masculine and also for reasons of consistency because R.T.
 Diploschizia habecki is a species of sedge moths in the genus Diploschizia. It was described by Heppner in 1981. It is found from southern Georgia to central Florida.The length of the forewings is 2.4-3.4 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dark fuscous with a bronze shine and brown buff overlaid scaling. The hindwings are fuscous. Adults are on wing from April to May and again from July to December.The larvae feed on Rhynchospora corniculata. They bore the seeds of their host plant.
 Euxesta bifasciata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 What Remains: The Life and Work of Sally Mann is a 2005 film directed and produced by Steven Cantor which documents the photography and story of photographer Sally Mann at her Virginia farm home. The movie documents the photographer's progression from a child to a mother and the struggles Mann faces through her public and private life.The movie garnered quite favorable reviews from publications such as The New York Times.
 The River Douglas is a river on the Isle of Man. The river begins on the outskirts of Douglas where the River Glass and River Dhoo meet.
 Robert Landis Bob Armstrong (born November 7 1932) served as a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1963 to 1970 Commissioner of the General Land Office from 1970 to 1982 and a member of the Texas Parks and Wildlife Commission from 1985 to 1991. He was appointed assistant secretary for Land and Minerals Management at the Department of Interior by U.S. President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1998.
 Albert W. Pettit (October 18 1930 – June 5 1997) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Pássaro da Manhã is a theatrical one-act drama written by Miguel M. Abrahão in 1978 and staged several times in Brazil. It was published in book form in 2009.
 Deadly Blessing is a 1981 American horror film directed by Wes Craven. It was released on 14 August 1981. The film tells the story of a strange figure committing murder in a contemporary community that is not far from another community that believes in ancient evil and curses. It stars Ernest Borgnine Maren Jensen (in her last screen appearance) and Sharon Stone in an early screen appearance.
 Chanson du Vieux Carré : Connick On Piano Volume 3 (2007) is Harry Connick Jr.'s 3rd album from Marsalis Music. It is recorded with his big band and features mostly instrumental tracks except for two vocal tracks by band members Leroy Jones on Bourbon Street Parade and Lucien Barbarin on Lucious .There are two of Connick's original compositions: Chanson du Vieux Carre and Ash Wednesday. Chanson du Vieux Carré is also recorded on Connick's 2005 album Occasion.
 Sheykh Ali Kalayeh (Persian: شيخ علي كلايه‎ also Romanized as Sheykh ‘Alī Kalāyeh and Sheykh ‘Alī Kelāyeh) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 410 in 125 families.
 Akköy is a village in the Didim district of Aydın Province Turkey situated near the western coast just south of İzmir. It is named after its white stone houses (ak is Turkish for white köy means village).The village of Akköy is close to the ruins of the ancient city of Miletus.It lies just to the south of the Büyük Menderes river delta.
 The Pacuí River (São Francisco River) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Copper Blue was the debut album of the US alternative rock band Sugar. It was voted 1992 Album of the Year by the NME. All of the songs were written by guitarist/vocalist Bob Mould who also co-produced with Lou Giordano. The song The Slim is about losing someone to AIDS.
 Hanna is a 2011 action thriller film that contains prominent fairy tale elements directed by Joe Wright. The film stars Saoirse Ronan as the title character a girl raised in the wilderness of northern Finland by her father an ex-CIA operative (Eric Bana) who trains her as an assassin. Cate Blanchett is a senior CIA agent who tries to track down and eliminate the girl and her father. The soundtrack was written by the Chemical Brothers.
 Peace Love and Pitbulls is the first self-titled album by Swedish rocker Joakim Thåströms industrial music project. It was released in 1992.
 Critters is a 1986 cult comedy horror science fiction film starring Dee Wallace-Stone M. Emmet Walsh Billy Green Bush and Scott Grimes. It was directed by Stephen Herek and written by Herek Domonic Muir (story) and Don Keith Opper (additional scenes). It is the first film in the Critters series.
 Wierzbica [vjɛʐˈbit͡sa] is a village in Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wierzbica. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south of Radom and 108 km (67 mi) south of Warsaw. The village has a population of 1900 and belongs to historic Polish province of Lesser Poland. Wierzbica was a town from 1469 to 1870. For most of its history it belonged to Lesser Poland’s Sandomierz Voivodeship.
 Devil's Playground is a 2002 documentary film by Stick Figure Productions directed by Lucy Walker about the experiences of several Amish youths deciding whether to remain in or leave their community and faith during the period known as rumspringa (running around in Pennsylvania Dutch). The film follows a few Amish teenagers in LaGrange County Indiana who enter the English (non-Amish) world and experience partying drinking illegal drugs and pre-marital sex.
 The Iazuri River or Iazurile River is a tributary of the Dobra River in Romania.
 Mad Hot Ballroom is a documentary film by director Marilyn Agrelo and writer/producer Amy Sewell about a ballroom dance program in the New York City public school system. In the film Agrelo and Sewell reveal that the New York City public school system runs a ballroom dance program for fifth graders. Several styles of dance are shown in the film such as tango foxtrot swing rumba and merengue.
 Gaflei is a hamlet in Liechtenstein located in the municipality of Triesenberg.
 Belladonna is the second book in Anne Bishop's Landscapes of Ephemera. Following Sebastian Belladonna continues the story of the battle between the Light and Dark of Ephemera and Glorianna Belladonna's struggle to destroy or cage the Eater of the World before it can convert the worlds into a massive playground to use for its own dark purposes.
 Foremark Reservoir (OS grid reference SK3324) is a reservoir in South Derbyshire owned by Severn Trent which is also a 230-acre (0.93 km2) nature reserve open to the public for walking fishing bird watching and horse riding. It is supplied from water from the River Dove and it was constructed in the 1970s. The reservoir is accessible from the road between Milton and Ticknall. It is north of Ashby-de-la-Zouch and close to Ingleby Swadlincote and Willington. It is part of the National Forest.
 Life Is Beautiful is a 2012 Telugu film written produced and directed by Sekhar Kammula. The film stars six newcomers with Shriya Saran Anjala Zaveri and Amala Akkineni in key roles. The movie was jointly produced by Sekhar Kammula and Chandrasekhar Kammula under Amigos Creations banner. Soundtrack of the film was composed by Mickey J Meyer and the cinematography was handled by Vijay C. Kumar.
 Worm Infested is the second EP by American death metal band Cannibal Corpse released in 2003 through Metal Blade Records. Primarily a compilation EP the songs were recorded by the band at various times and locations between 1996-2001.
 Porur aeri (also called Retteri in local language) or Porur lake is located on the fringes of the suburb of Porur in south-west Chennai and is a primary water resource for people residing in Chennai. It is actually a temporary catchment area connected with Chembarambakkam Lake. It is spread over 200 acres with a capacity of 46 million cubic feet (mcft).There are four filters working 24x7 to pump water to K. K. Nagar double tank distribution point.
 Teaching Public Administration is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of education as relating to public administration. The editors-in-chief are John Diamond (Edge Hill University) and Catherine Farrell (University of Glamorgan). It was established in 1977 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Love Child is the second definitive release of the Ann Arbor Michigan-based band Ella Riot formerly My Dear Disco. The band was active from 2007 to 2011 and went into hiatus in October 2011. Being a studio recording and final release Love Child is the band's second definitive work. It was engineered and recorded at Mission Sound studio. The band released a music video of the album's fourth track It Could Be.
 Silver Blaze is a 1937 British black-and-white crime and mystery film based loosely on Arthur Conan Doyle's short story Silver Blaze. It was directed by Thomas Bentley and was produced by Twickenham Film Studios Productions. It starred Arthur Wontner as Sherlock Holmes Ian Fleming as Dr. Watson and Ronald Shiner (uncredited) as Simpson the Stable Boy/Jockey . In the USA the film was released in 1941 by Astor Pictures where it was also known as Murder at the Baskervilles.
 The name Macaire was first documented as an Irish Saint in the Bible. It appears to have several claims of origin. It was a male name and currently is considered a male or female name. Macaire is a common name for a 12th-century French chanson de geste named for one of its main characters.
 Puppet Show is the second full-length album by the Japanese rock group Plastic Tree released on August 28 1998.
 Mechanics of Dysfunction is the first full-length album by Canadian death metal band Beneath the Massacre. It was released on February 20 2007 through Prosthetic Records.
 The Ayopaya River is a river of Bolivia.
 The Woggle-Bug Book is a 1905 children's book written by L. Frank Baum creator of the Land of Oz and illustrated by Ike Morgan. It has long been one of the rarest items in the Baum bibliography. Baum's text has been controversial for its use of ethnic humor stereotypes.
 Thyrassia inconcinna is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family. It is found in Queensland.There are at least two generations per year.The length of the forewings is 10-11 mm for males and 12-12.5 mm for females. The forewings are large triangular grey-brown with a short orange-yellow basal streak three large whitish yellow spots at two-thirds and two small spots of the same colour close to the apex. The hindwings are small and rounded.
 The Dervish and Death (Serbo-Croatian: ''Derviš i smrt'') is a 1974 Yugoslav film directed by Zdravko Velimirović based on a novel by Meša Selimović.
 Miklós Nyárádi (21 May 1905 – 12 May 1976) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Finance between 1947 and 1948. On November 1948 he did not return to home from his official visit. He settled down in the United States around 1949.
 Mangri is a village development committee in Mugu District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 898 people living in 181 individual households.
 Aftershock: Earthquake in New York is a 1999 four-hour disaster miniseries that was broadcast in the United States on CBS in two parts with the first part aired on November 14 and the second on November 16. It was released to VHS in 2000 and on DVD in 2001. It is based on a book written by Chuck Scarborough. Starring Charles S. Dutton Sharon Lawrence Tom Skerritt Lisa Nicole Carson Jennifer Garner Rachel Ticotin and Frederick Weller.
 The Faith Healers is a 1987 book by magician and skeptic James Randi with a foreword by Carl Sagan that documents Randi's exploration of the world of faith healing and his exposing the sleight of hand trickery and deceit by its practitioners.In eighteen chapters Randi explores the origins of faith healing and psychic surgery and critically analyzes the claims made by AA Allen Ernest Angley WV Grant Peter Popoff Oral Roberts Pat Robertson and Father DiOrio for his claims of miracles at the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Lourdes in the town of Lourdes. 
 Noel Lynch (born 20 January 1947) is a politician living in England and a prominent member of the Green Party of England and Wales. He represented the Green Party on the London Assembly between 2 May 2003 and 10 June 2004 after replacing Victor Anderson who resigned. Due to a fall in the Green vote he did not retain his seat at the 2004 London Assembly election leaving Cllr. Darren Johnson AM and Cllr. Jenny Jones AM as the remaining members of the London Assembly Green Group.
 Depression and Anxiety is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Solvay Pharmaceuticals. It is an official journal of the Anxiety and Depression Association of America and covers research on major depressive and anxiety disorders. The editor-in-chief is Peter P. Roy-Byrne (University of Washington School of Medicine).
 Belle Meade Plantation located in Belle Meade Tennessee is a historic plantation mansion whose grounds now function as a museum. It also currently serves as a wedding and event venue. Belle Meade Plantation consist of 30 remaining acres and features a winery visitor's center original outbuildings including the Harding cabin dairy carriage house stable mausoleum and a reconstructed slave quarters.
 Eindhovens Dagblad is a Dutch newspaper oriented towards the city of Eindhoven. In 2008 it had a circulation of 105866 copies.The first issue appeared on December 23 1911 under the name Eindhovensch Dagblad. In 1963 Eindhovensch Dagblad was bought by the owner of its competitor Oost-Brabant. They fused and continued under the name Eindhovensch Dagblad. A year later they fused with the Nieuwe Eindhovense Krant and had a minor change in name to the more modern Dutch Eindhovens Dagblad.
 Peculiarities of the National Hunt (Russian: Особенности национальной охоты Osobennosti natsionalnoy okhoty) is the first and most notable Russian national comedy.As soon as it was released in 1995 it became a nationwide success in Russia the leader at the Russian box office. It won the Nika Award and Kinotavr awards. It was followed by several other Peculiarities... films.
 Abner Lacock (July 9 1770 – April 12 1837) was an American surveyor civil engineer and politician from Rochester Pennsylvania. He served in both houses in the state legislature and represented Pennsylvania in both the U.S. House and Senate.
 Puente Llaguno: Claves de una Masacre (English: Llaguno Bridge: Keys to a Massacre) (2004) is a documentary film about the events of the 2002 Venezuelan coup d'état attempt. The film argues that anti-Chávez opposition alliance manipulated coverage ... to make it look like the government used gunmen to shoot and kill opposition demonstrators.
 Hong Hai'er (紅孩兒) also known as The Fantastic Magic Baby is a 1975 film directed by Chang Cheh. The film is based on selected chapters of Wu Cheng'en's classical novel Journey to the West focusing on the story of Red Boy.
 Mumej (Persian: مومج‎ also Romanized as Mūmej Mowmej Mūmaj and Mūmech) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 80 families.
 Archives of Environmental Contamination and Toxicology is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering environmental health and the effects of contaminants on the environment. It was established in 1973 and the editor-in-chief is Daniel R. Doerge (National Center for Toxicological Research).
 Elisha B. Maynard (November 21 1842 – May 28 1906) was an American attorney and politician who served on the city council and as Mayor of Springfield Massachusetts and as an Associate Justice of the Massachusetts Superior Court.
 Rhyncobombyx is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 The Greatest Hits – Remixed is a 2007 compilation album by Fatboy Slim released in September 2007. It is a companion album to the previous year's compilation album The Greatest Hits – Why Try Harder.
 Oliva dactyliola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Poptimal is a pop culture review website based in the Washington D.C. metropolitan area. Specifically the site publishes television and movie reviews as well as interviews with celebrities and editorials. Poptimal is also home to the Jone Dome audio podcast and they have partnered with several Hollywood studios to host contests and giveaways.Poptimal.com averages anywhere between 150000 and 200000 unique hits per month and totals over a million hits per month.
 Timothy Byron Rider (January 8 1848 – December 2 1917) was a merchant and political figure in Quebec. He represented Stanstead in the Canadian House of Commons from 1891 to 1896 as a Liberal member.He was born in Fitch Bay Canada East the son of Ezra B. Rider who came to Lower Canada from New Hampshire. Rider operated a sawmill and grist mill. In 1871 he married Mary E. Shaw.
 Bid Geruiyeh (Persian: بيدگروييه‎ also Romanized as Bīd Gerū’īyeh and Bīd-e Gerū’īyeh; also known as Bīd Gorū and Bīd Gūrū) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Greatest Hits is a 1988 compilation album by Kenny Rogers.All of the tracks on the album were selected from his various recordings on the RCA Nashville label between 1983-87. There is one track that was not originally a single called She's Ready for Someone to Love Her which makes fully half of this greatest hits tracklist identical to the most recent 1987 album I Prefer the Moonlight.One single that is notably missing is Tomb of the Unknown Love from 1985's The Heart of the Matter.
 The Florișoru River or Florișor River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 Justin A. Amash (/əˈmɑːʃ/; born April 18 1980) is an American attorney Republican politician and member of Congress. In January 2011 he began serving as the U.S. Representative for Michigan's 3rd congressional district centered around Grand Rapids.Amash was first elected to the House in the 2010 election.
 Astictopterus anomoeus the Yellow Hopper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana and Togo. The habitat consists of wetter forests with a broken canopy allowing the development of grassy areas.Adults of both sexes are attracted to flowers.
 Dolní Žandov (German: Untersandau) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 41.32 km² and as of 2008 it had a population of 1208.
 The National Shrine of St. John Neumann is a Roman Catholic National shrine dedicated to St. John Neumann who was the fourth Bishop of Philadelphia and the first American male to be canonized. The shrine is located in the lower church of St. Peter the Apostle Church at 1019 North 5th Street in Philadelphia Pennsylvania in the United States. The main church was built in 1843.Adjoining the lower church is a small museum which displays exhibits relating to the life of the saint.
 The Nisipari River is a tributary of the main branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.
 Daniel Davis (born January 15 1973) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 15th District which includes most of southern Duval County since 2012 and previously representing the 13th District from 2010 to 2012.
 A Nomad of the Time Streams is a compilation volume of Michael Moorcock's early steampunk trilogy begun in 1971 with The Warlord of the Air and continued by its 1974 and 1981 sequels The Land Leviathan and The Steel Tsar. The trilogy follows the adventures of Edwardian-era British Army Captain Oswald Bastable in alternate versions of the 20th century.
 Ker Chien-ming (born 8 September 1951) is a member of the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China.He is a member of the Democratic Progressive Party and has represented the electoral district of Hsinchu since 1 February 2005.
 The Tomoka River is a north-flowing river in Volusia County Florida United States. It drains an area of about 110 square miles (280 km2) and is the longest river in Volusia County (excluding the St. Johns River) with a length of 19.6 miles (31.5 km).
 Gosford District Hospital (GDH) is a 484-bed hospital [1] in Gosford New South Wales Australia. It provides a range of medical surgical and maternity services to the Central Coast region of New South Wales.
 Slow West is an upcoming British action thriller western film directed and written by John Maclean. The film stars Michael Fassbender Kodi Smit-McPhee and Ben Mendelsohn.
 Jemeppe Castle also known as Hargimont Castle (French: Château Jemeppe or Château d'Hargimont) is a castle in Hargimont now part of the municipality of Marche-en-Famenne province of Luxembourg Belgium.
 Hyloniscus riparius is a species of woodlouse found in Central and Eastern Europe and subsequently introduced to North America. It is strongly associated with flood plains and can tolerate periods of up to eight weeks submerged under water. In North America it was first found at St. John's Newfoundland in 1951 and later in New York New Jersey Pennsylvania and North Carolina.
 Beriain (San Donato in Spanish) is a 1493 metres high peak part of the Basque Mountains range located in the Andia range of western Navarre Spain. Its sharp profile is an iconic image in the Burunda and Barranca valleys that link Vitoria-Gasteiz and Pamplona. The peak is located at the center of the traditional Basque Country provinces.
 Dolichogyna is a genus of hoverflies.
 Trzebież [ˈtʂɛbjɛʂ] (formerly German Ziegenort) - is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Police within Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Police and 28 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.The village has a population of 2500. It lies on the Szczecin Lagoon and has a harbour a marina a beach and a school of sailing.
 Two Family House is a 2000 film produced by Alan Klingenstein based on the story of the uncle of the film's writer and director Raymond De Felitta (Café Society). The film won the Audience Award at Sundance 2000. Many of the film's actors later reached national prominence as part of the HBO cable television series The Sopranos including Michael Rispoli Kathrine Narducci Matt Servitto Vincent Pastore Joseph R.
 How Baxter Butted In is a 1925 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine. The film is considered to be lost.
 III is the third studio album by Finnish pop rock band Haloo Helsinki!. It was released by EMI Finland digitally on 25 February 2011.
 The Zufrittspitze is a mountain in the Ortler Alps on the border between South Tyrol and Trentino Italy.
 Cultural Anthropology: Journal of the Society for Cultural Anthropology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell and the American Anthropological Association on behalf of the Society for Cultural Anthropology. The journal covers ethnography viewed from traditional and novel theoretical perspectives. It also covers issues related to theories ethnographic methods research schemes and public dissemination.
 David Van Buren House is a historic home located near Fulton in Oswego County New York. It consists of a 1 1⁄2-story five-by-three-bay main block with a large 1-story rear wing in the Greek Revival style. The brick structure was constructed in 1847.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Seiji: Riku no Sakana (セイジ　陸の魚) is a 2012 Japanese drama film directed by Yusuke Iseya.
 Stenocephalemys is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae. It contains the following species all of which are found in or near Ethiopia: Ethiopian White-footed Mouse (Stenocephalemys albipes) Ethiopian Narrow-headed Rat (Stenocephalemys albocaudata) Gray-tailed Narrow-headed Rat (Stenocephalemys griseicauda) Rupp's Mouse (Stenocephalemys ruppi)
 Algebra Colloquium is a journal founded in 1994. It was initially published by Springer-Verlag Hong Kong Ltd. In 2005 from volume 12 onwards publishing rights were taken over by World Scientific. The company now publishes the journal quarterly.The journal is jointly-edited by the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Soochow University. The journal mainly covers the field of pure and applied algebra.
 For the Steven Soderbergh film see Bubble (film). For the Arch Oboler film see The Bubble (1966 film). For the Eytan Fox film see The Bubble (2006 film).Bubbles (1930) is a Vitaphone short subjects released by Warner Brothers.
 Children Without is a 1964 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim about a young girl and her brother growing up in the housing projects of Detroit. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short losing to another film by Guggenheim Nine from Little Rock.
 William Parker Caldwell(November 8 1832 - June 7 1903) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for the 9th congressional district of Tennessee.
 Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center (JSLC) is a Chinese space vehicle launch facility (spaceport) located in the Gobi desert about 1600 km from Beijing. It is part of the Dongfeng Aerospace City (Base 10). Although the facility is geographically located within Ejin Banner of Inner Mongolia's Alxa League it is named after the nearest city Jiuquan in Gansu Province.
 The Howard County Circuit Courthouse is located at 8360 Court Avenue in Ellicott City Maryland. The courthouse houses the chambers and courtrooms for the 5 judges of the Circuit Court for Howard County as well as the clerk's offices jurors' assembly room the law library and masters' offices.
 Moszczaniec [mɔʂˈt͡ʂaɲet͡s] (Ukrainian: Мощанець Moshchanets’) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komańcza within Sanok County in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship (province) of south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia.
 Belsősárd is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Robert Franklin Jones (June 25 1907 – June 22 1968) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Ohio.Robert F. Jones was born in Cairo Ohio. He graduated from the Lima Central High School in Lima Ohio in 1924 and in 1929 from Ohio Northern University in Ada Ohio with a law degree. He was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Lima Ohio.
 The Other is the 40th book in the Animorphs series ghostwritten by Gina Gascone (as K. A. Applegate). It is narrated by Marco.
 Thomas Lee 'Tom' Johnson is a Republican Illinois State Senator representing the 48th district from 2011 to 2013.
 Gongylonema ingluvicola is a species in the genus Gongylonema. It is one of the spirurid nematodes that infect a vast array of animals throughout the world. Infections have been noted in both humans and in animals ranging from cows to birds. As of recent there have been 50+ human cases reported in countries such as New Zealand Australia Middle East China and United States.G. ingluvicola like other tissue-dwelling species require an insect intermediate host to ingest eggs.
 Shadow Run is a 1998 crime film set in the south of England UK. It is based on the novel by Desmond Lowden. It was not released in the cinema and eventually appeared on home video in 2001.
 The Lillie and Hugh Roy Cullen Sculpture Garden is a sculpture garden located at the Museum of Fine Arts (MFAH) in Houston TX. The garden consists of 25 works of the MFAH including sculptures by Henri Matisse Alexander Calder David Smith Frank Stella and Louise Bourgeois. There are also sculptures created specifically for the site including Ellsworth Kelly's Houston Triptych and Tony Cragg's New Forms.
 High Pike is a fell in the English Lake District located five kilometres north of Ambleside. Situated in the Eastern Fells it can be confused with another Lake District High Pike in the Northern Fells. High Pike reaches a height of 656 metres (2152 ft). It is sometimes referred to as Scandale Fell although this name really only applies to the high ground at the head of Scandale.
 Chahar Khanevar (Persian: چهارخانوار‎ also Romanized as Chahār Khānevār) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 12 families.
 The Kharraqan towers are mausoleums built in 1093 CE and 1067 CE located on the plains in northern Iran near Qazvin.The brick structures stand 15 meters tall and 4 meters wide and make extensive use of geometry. Inside the older mausoleum there is a lamp and paintings.The eastern tower dates from 1067-1068CE while the western tower dates from 1093. Both towers appear to be the work of the architect Muhammad bin Makki al-Zanjani.
 Whites Creek was once a natural waterway that was concreted to improve sanitation. The Whites Creek storm drain as it is now is located in Annandale New South Wales Australia. It flows in a northerly direction into Rozelle Bay which is a bay of Sydney Harbour.
 The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red is a 2001 novel by Ridley Pearson focusing on the life of the fictional John and Ellen Rimbauer and the construction of their mansion Rose Red in the early 20th century. Built on an old Indian burial ground Rose Red is considered haunted and mysterious tragedies occur throughout the mansion's history. The novel is written in the form of a diary by Ellen Rimbauer and annotated by the fictional professor of paranormal activity Joyce Reardon.
 The old Bourne High School is a historic school building at 85 Old Cotuit Road in Bourne Massachusetts. The two story Classical Revival brick building was constructed in 1905 and consists of two rectangular blocks connected by a narrow hyphen section with a gabled facade. The building was significantly damaged by fire in 1934 but was repaired and additional facilities including an auditorium were added.
 This article is about a mountain located in Peterborough and Temple New Hampshire and should not be confused with the nearby Mount Monadnock. For other uses of the term see Monadnock (disambiguation)Pack Monadnock or Pack Monadnock Mountain 2290 feet (700 m) is the highest peak of the Wapack Range of mountains and the highest point in Hillsborough County New Hampshire. The mountain a monadnock is located in south-central New Hampshire within the towns of Peterborough and Temple.
 The Tocila Mică River is a tributary of the Tocila Mare River in Romania.
 Latab (Persian: لتاب‎ also Romanized as Latāb; also known as Latāb-e Soflá) is a village in Shabab Rural District in the Shabab District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 386 in 85 families.
 Miss Mousie's Blind Date is a book by Canadian children's book author Tim Beiser illustrated by Canadian painter Rachel Berman. It was published by Tundra Books in October 2012.
 Carnegie Hall Tower is a 60-story skyscraper located on 57th Street in New York City. Part of a cluster of three very tall buildings (along with CitySpire Center and Metropolitan Tower) the tower was built in an architectural style in harmony with its western neighbor Carnegie Hall a New York landmark.The tower is 231 meters (757 ft) tall and was completed in 1991 following the design by Cesar Pelli first conceived in 1987.
 The Deacon Edward Putnam Jr. House is a historic First Period house at 9 Gregory Street in Middleton Massachusetts. The oldest portion of the house its right (east) side and the central chimney were built c. 1705 probably by Deacon Edward Putnam Sr. By 1718 Edward Jr. occupied the house with his family by which time it had been expanded with rooms to the west.
 Makino Tadakatsu (牧野 忠毅 April 12 1859 – February 3 1918) was a Japanese daimyo of the late Edo period. He was the last daimyo of the Nagaoka Domain.
 Hor Namhong (Khmer: ហោ ណាំហុង; born 15 November 1935) is a Cambodian diplomat who has served in the government of Cambodia as Minister of Foreign Affairs since 1998. He previously held the same post from 1990 until 1993. He is a member of the Cambodian People's Party and has been a Deputy Prime Minister since 2004.
 The Indian River is river in Peterborough County in Central Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and is a tributary of Rice Lake.
 Julius and Harriet Bull House also known as Ferry Farm is a historic home located at Seneca Falls in Seneca County New York. The house is a four bay wide two story cobblestone house. It was built in 1830 and is constructed of variously sized and colored field cobbles. The house is among the approximately 18 surviving cobblestone buildings in Seneca County. The house is believed to have been used as a stop on the Underground Railroad.
 City of Fathers (Hangul: 부산; hanja: 父山; RR: Busan) is a 2009 South Korean film written and directed by Park Ji-won.
 Off the Ledge is a 2009 American comedy genre film with a twist.
 Les Côtelettes is a 2003 French drama film directed by Bertrand Blier. It was entered into the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
 Larry Ahern (born April 26 1955) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 66th District which includes northwestern Pinellas County stetching from Clearwater to Seminole since 2012.
 The Building at 83-85 Sigourney Street in Hartford Connecticut was an Italianate style double brick house built in 1865. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 at a time when there were no known threats to the building.
 James Edmund Bailey (August 15 1822 – December 29 1885) was a Democratic United States Senator from Tennessee from 1877 to 1881.
 The Evolution of Education Museum is situated on Highway #2 South in Prince Albert Saskatchewan Canada.The school in which the museum is housed was built in 1920 and was finally closed in 1963. This school was originally located 20 miles northeast of Prince Albert and is named after Clayton Smith who was a postmaster. The state of the school now is extremely close to how it was once decorated. It has desks a library and many artifacts from school days in early 20th century Saskatchewan.
 Masterpiece is the fourth album by old-school hardcore MC Just-Ice it was released in 1990. Masterpiece was Just-Ice's final album on the Fresh/Sleeping Bag Records label and it was produced by Grandmaster Flash.
 Surmin [ˈsurmin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sośnie 20 km (12 mi) south of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 115 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 John Milton Hay (October 8 1838 – July 1 1905) was an American statesman diplomat author journalist and private secretary and assistant to Abraham Lincoln. Hay's highest office was serving as United States Secretary of State under Presidents William McKinley and Theodore Roosevelt.
 The Long Day Closes is a 1992 British film directed and written by Terence Davies. It starred Marjorie Yates Leigh McCormack and Anthony Watson. It was entered into the 1992 Cannes Film Festival. The film is set in Liverpool in mid-1950s. The story concerns 11 year old Bud and his loving mother and siblings. Bud struggles to adapt to life at a new school where he meets some bullies. He takes refuge at the cinema which he loves.
 The Iverson Mall is a shopping mall located at the intersection of Branch Avenue (Maryland Route 5) and Iverson Street (Maryland Route 458) in Hillcrest Heights Maryland just north of the Marlow Heights Shopping Center. It was the first shopping mall in the Washington D.C. area to be built fully enclosed and climate controlled.
 Sports is an album released by Bill Cosby in October 1969. It was his first on the Uni Records label which would eventually become MCA Records. It won the Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album at the 1970 Grammy Awards. It was recorded live at Whisky a Go Go.
 Bremetennacum or Bremetennacum Veteranorum was a Roman fort on the site of the present day village of Ribchester in Lancashire England (grid reference SD650350). (Variant names include Bremetonnacum Bremetenracum or Bresnetenacum). The site is a Scheduled Ancient Monument.The site guarded a crossing-point of the River Ribble. The first known Roman activity was the building of a timber fort believed to have been constructed during the campaigns of Petillius Cerialis around AD 72/3.
 Man A Natural Girl (Tennen shōjo Man) is a 1999 Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike.
 Mitromorpha exigua is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Filthy Lucre Live is a 1996 live album by the then recently reformed Sex Pistols.The album was recorded live at London's Finsbury Park on 23 June 1996 during the band's Filthy Lucre Tour.
 They'd Rather Be Right (also known as The Forever Machine) is a science fiction novel by Mark Clifton and Frank Riley.
 Armon or Ukhodya ostayutsya (transliteration of the title of the film in Russian meaning Once They Leave They Never Return) (Uzbek: Armon Армон; Russian: Уходя остаются) is a 1986 Uzbek drama film directed by Melis Abzalov. The film depicts the hard work of Uzbek children senior people and women during the grim years of the Soviet-German war against Nazi Germany and its allies.
 Dunama janewaldronae is a moth in the Notodontidae family. It is found in Costa Rica where it is known from the eastern side of the Cordillera Volcanica de Guanacaste at elevations ranging from 400 to 680 meters.
 The First Seven Years is a 1930 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 96th (eighth talking) Our Gang short that was released.
 Gildersleeve on Broadway is a 1943 American film starring Harold Peary as his radio character The Great Gildersleeve. It is the second of four Gildersleeve features.
 Anne Gonzales is a member of the Ohio House of Representatives representing the Nineteenth District since 2011.
 Umr-e-Lahaasil Ka Haasil (Urdu: عمر لاحاصل کا حاصل ‎) is a collection of a poetry and prose book. It is authored by Haider Qureshi a Pakistani poet writer and journalist. The book comprises four published poetry books titled ' Sulgate Khwaab Umr-e-Guraizan Muhabbat Kei Phool Dua-e-Dil and fifth unpublished poetry book ' Dard Samunder.
 Joan Baez was singer Joan Baez's 1960 self-titled debut album featuring 13 traditional folk songs.
 India Today is an Indian English-language weekly magazine. It was established in 1975 by Vidya Vilas Purie (owner of Thompson Press) with his daughter Madhu Trehan as its editor and his son Aroon Purie as its publisher. At present India Today is published in Hindi Telugu Tamil and Malayalam. India Today is known to lean towards the right wing Bharatiya Janata Party of India. Many of its readers have raised this issue.
 Protanilla is a genus of ant in the subfamily Leptanillinae.
 Adimakal Udamakal (English: Slaves are the Masters) is a 1987 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by I. V. Sasi starring MammoottyMohanlal Nalini Seema in the lead roles. Ratheesh Mukesh Urvashi Jagathi Sreekumar Captain Raju Lizy Sukumari and Santhakumari in major supporting roles.
 The Desert Sun is a local daily newspaper serving Palm Springs and the Coachella Valley of Southern California.It is owned by Gannett publications since 1988 and acquired the Indio Daily News in 1990 to become the sole local newspaper.First issued on August 5 1927 as a weekly six-page newspaper The Desert Sun grew with the desert communities.
 Arali is an upcoming Tamil film produced and directed by Subbaraj. The film stars Subbaraj Mathusudhanan Manjula Rathod. Music for the film is composed by G.S. John.
 Mala is the 31st studio album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge and the first and only album under Universal Music Latin Entertainment. This album was released on November 25 2008 and follows the same musical and lyrical style as Demasiado Fuerte.
 So Happily Unsatisfied is an album that was recorded by the band Nine Days. It was intended to be the follow-up to their successful major-label debut The Madding Crowd from 2000. The release date of the album was repeatedly delayed by Epic Records's 550 Music until the band was ultimately dropped. In the interim the album had leaked onto the internet.
 Culture for Pigeon is the third official release from Tracy + the Plastics and the band's second full-length album. It was released in 2004 on Troubleman Unlimited. Culture for Pigeon includes a DVD with two of Wynne Greenwood's video pieces which bridges the gap between listening to a CD of Tracy + the Plastics and attending one of their richer multimedia concerts. The album was engineered by Joel Hamilton
 Bolszewka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Reda.
 English Electric Part One is the seventh studio album by the English progressive rock band Big Big Train. It was released on 3 September 2012 by English Electric Recordings and GEP.
 Freak Out is a 2004 parody Z-movie.
 Paul Morgan Herbert (December 2 1889 – July 5 1983) was an American politician of the Republican party who served three separate tenures as the 47th 49th and 52nd Lieutenant Governor of Ohio. He was born in Marseilles Ohio.During the First World War Herbert served in the United States Army.
 Cymbium is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae.
 Wisenta is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Fantozzi (also known as White Collar Blues) is a 1975 cult Italian comedy movie.
 An Interesting Story is a 1905 British short silent comedy film directed by James Williamson showing a man so engrossed in his book he is dangerously oblivious to what happens around him.
 The Capital Journal is a newspaper in Pierre South Dakota founded in 1881. It serves the South Dakota capital city of Pierre and the surrounding region including Fort Pierre. As of December 2012 it reported a daily circulation of 10750 with new issues published Monday through Friday (except Christmas Day and New Year's Day).
 Metaphysics of War: Battle Victory and Death in the World of Tradition is a collection of essays by Julius Evola originally published by Integral Tradition Publishing in 2007 and is now in its second edition. The book consists of English translations of essays which Evola published in various Italian periodicals during the 1930s and 1940s.
 Gachineh-ye Bala (Persian: گچينه بالا‎ also Romanized as Gachīneh-ye Bālā; also known as Gachīneh) is a village in Bemani Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 17 families.
 Papyrocranus congoensis is a species of fish in family Notopteridae found in Congo River basin of Africa.
 Charles Woodruff Yost (November 6 1907 – May 21 1981) was a career U.S. diplomat who was assigned as his country's representative to the United Nations from 1969 to 1971.
 Live Phish Vol. 3 was recorded live at the Darien Lake Performing Arts Center in Darien Center New York on September 14 2000. The show was part of the band's final tour before taking an indefinite extended hiatus three weeks later.The show is known for three improvisational excursions that made it popular among fans.
 Ira Kenneth Reiner (born February 15 1936) is an American . He was the Los Angeles City Controller from 1977 to 1981 and was the Los Angeles City Attorney from 1981 to 1984 both times being succeeded by James Hahn. He was the Los Angeles County District Attorney from 1984 to 1992.
 Strömpilen is a shopping centre in Umeå Sweden. It is located next to the Ume River.
 Village Wooing is a play by George Bernard Shaw written in 1933 and first performed in 1934.It has only two characters described as a comedietta for two voices. The first scene takes place aboard a liner the second in a village shop.There was an ITV version in 1979 starring Judi Dench and Richard Briers.
 Golpa (Persian: گلپا‎ also Romanized as Golpā) is a village in Sarchehan Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 17 families.
 Robert W. Rob Kauffman is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 89th District and was elected in 2004. He currently sits on the House Consumer Affairs Gaming Oversight and Tourism and Recreational Development Committees.
 The Ralston Community Clubhouse was built in 1914 as a community school in Ralston Wyoming. It was abandoned as a school in 1922 when Ralston consolidated its school with the neighboring Powell school district. The Powell district offered the school to the Ralston Community Club in 1930. The clubhouse became the social center of Ralston serving as a community meeting hall and polling place.
 The Drăstănicu River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Derain is a crater on Mercury. It has uncommonly dark material within and surrounding the crater. The material is darker than the neighboring terrain such that this crater is easily identified even in a distant global image of Mercury. The dark halo may be material with a mineralogical composition different from the majority of Mercury’s visible surface. Craters with similar dark material on or near their rims were seen on the floor of the Caloris basin during MESSENGER’s first flyby.
 Deep Freeze (also known as Ice Crawlers) is a 2003 horror film directed by John Carl Buechler. Written by Robert Boris Dennis A. Pratt and Matthew Jason Walsh the film was shot in Germany in 2001. The film was retitled Ice Crawlers for USA release.
 An Inconvenient Woman is a 1990 novel by Dominick Dunne. Its plot centers on the affair between married Jules Mendelson an extremely influential member of Los Angeles high society and Flo March a diner waitress and aspiring actress whose life is transformed by the illicit relationship until she finds herself the inconvenient woman of the title.The hardcover edition (ISBN 0-517-57763-1) was released by Crown Publishers.
 Lyons is a village in Fulton County Ohio United States. The population was 562 at the 2010 census.
 Pachychilon macedonicum is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Greece and the Republic of Macedonia.Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater lakes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Samurai Champloo Music Record: Departure is a soundtrack album released on June 23 2004 for the anime series Samurai Champloo. It is the second of four soundtrack albums released for the show.Departure was produced by Japanese DJ/producer: Nujabes and American MC/producer: Fat Jon.Departure was critically lauded with high praise being reserved for Battlecry. The song like its parent album propelled Nujabes and Shing02 the song's singer into the spotlight.
 In Search of... is the debut album released by N.E.R.D. The group originally released it in Europe[citation needed] in 2001 where Kelis' Neptunes-produced album Wanderland was better received. Similarly to Kelis' early work the original version of In Search of...
 Bonarów-Działki [bɔˈnaruf ˈd͡ʑau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Pokémon: Destiny Deoxys originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters Advanced Generation the Movie: Deoxys the Visitor (劇場版ポケットモンスター アドバンスジェネレーション 裂空の訪問者 デオキシス Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā Adobansu Jenerēshon Rekkū no Hōmonsha Deokishisu lit. Visitor from the Sky-Splitting: Deoxys) is the seventh film in the Pokémon series complementing the seventh season (Pokémon: Advanced Challenge). It is the second film released under Pocket Monsters Advanced Generation in Japan.
 The River Alport flows for 9 km in the Dark Peak of the Peak District in Derbyshire England. Its source is on Bleaklow from which it flows south through the Grains in the Water swamp then over gritstone to Alport Bridge on the A57 Snake Pass route from Sheffield to Manchester where it joins the River Ashop which flows into the Ladybower Reservoir about 2.5 miles (4.0 km) down the valley.The course of the river includes three small waterfalls.
 Colbie Caillat's iTunes Session is a small Digital EP containing live recording sessions from her second album Breakthrough and other various cover songs. It was released January 26 2010 exclusively to iTunes.
 Be My Wife is a 1919 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Nicrophorus didymus is a burying beetle described by Gaspard Auguste Brullé in 1836.
 St Cristiolus's Church Llangristiolus is a medieval church near the village of Llangristiolus in Anglesey north Wales. The village about 1 mile (1.6 km) from the building takes its name from the church. Reputedly founded by St Cristiolus in 610 the present building dates from the 12th and 13th centuries.
 Playing the Fool - The Official Live is a live album by British progressive rock band Gentle Giant which was released in 1977. It demonstrates the band's complex musicianship and talent as well as showcasing versions of songs which are often greatly modified from the original album versions. Acquiring the Taste is the only studio album by the band not represented by any tracks on the album (although a section from the title track of said album is featured in Excerpts from Octopus).
 Elvira Abdić-Jelenović (born 7 September 1967) is a Bosnian politician and member of the Democratic People's Union. Although an ethnic Bosniak she was elected as representative of Croats in the House of Peoples of the Parliament of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Timber Creek is a river of the Bahamas.
 Hiraasat is a 1987 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Surendra Mohan starring Shatrughan Sinha Mithun Chakraborty Hema Malini Anita Raj Kalpana Iyer Prem Chopra Shakti Kapoor and Deven Verma.
 Cally's War is a novel by John Ringo and Julie Cochrane and is partof the Legacy of the Aldenata series. It follows Michael O'Neal's daughter Cally who raised from an early age by her paternal grandfather to be familiar with weapons and tactics becomes a professional assassin.
 Adore (also known as Adoration; previously known as Two Mothers and Perfect Mothers) is a 2013 Australian-French drama film directed by Anne Fontaine. The film is based on a novella by British writer Doris Lessing called The Grandmothers.The original title of the film was Two Mothers and it premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival under this title.
 Jordan Pond is an oligotrophic tarn in Acadia National Park near the town of Bar Harbor Maine. It covers 187 acres (76 ha) with a maximum depth of 150 feet (46 m) and a shoreline of 3.6 miles (5.8 km).The pond was formed by the Wisconsin Ice Sheet during the last glacial period. It is flanked on the west by Penobscot Mountain and to the northeast by the two mountains known as the Bubbles.
 Dead and Buried is the second studio album by American death metal band Jungle Rot released through Olympic Recordings on February 6 2001. It was reissued in 2005 by Coyote Records.
 Dead Space: Salvage is a 2010 comic book interquel in the Dead Space series. It is published by IDW Publishing and is written by Antony Johnston with art by Christopher Shy. Antony Johnston also wrote the game's dialogue and the previous comic Dead Space.
 Podoctidae is a family of the harvestman infraorder Grassatores with about 130 described species.
 Papadindar-e Sofla (Persian: پاپاديندارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Pāpādīndār-e Soflá) is a village in Keshvar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 10 families.
 Rosolin [rɔˈsɔlʲin] (Ukrainian: Росолин Rosolyn) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Czarna 14 km (9 mi) south of Ustrzyki Dolne and 91 km (57 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Csobánc [ˈtʃobaːnts] is a hill in the Tapolca Basin Hungary.
 The National Gallery of Australia (NGA; originally the Australian National Gallery) is the national art museum of Australia as well as the largest art museum in Australia holding more than 166000 works of art.[1] It was established in 1967 by the Australian government as a national public art museum.
 Czarnów [ˈt͡ʂarnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Leszno 20 km (12 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat) and 34 km (21 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Copelatus latipes is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Sharp in 1882.
 Eternity is a South African horror film which tells the story of a clash between vampires over the use of a serum that would allow them to walk in the daylight. The film was directed by Christopher-Lee Dos Santos written by Anton Ernst and Wolfgang Muller and stars Hlomla Dandala Ian Roberts David James and Andre Frauenstein.
 Holland Congregational Church (West Holland Church) is a historic church on W. Holland Road in Holland Vermont.It was built in 1844 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Songlines is the name of a British based magazine launched in 1999 that covers music from traditional and popular to contemporary and fusion featuring artists from around the globe.Songlines is published eight times a year and contains CD reviews artist interviews guides to particular world music traditions concert and festival listings and travel stories.
 Shamsabad-e Arab (Persian: شمس ابادعرب‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād-e ‘Arab; also known as Shamsābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 64 families.
 The Loudspeaker is a 1934 American comedy film directed by Joseph Santley.The film is also known as The Radio Star in the United Kingdom.
 The Evolution of Blue Magic is the debut album by Nigerian born American based pop singer-songwriter Nenna Yvonne. The album was released on 10 September 2013 under her own independent label Blue Magic Productions LLC and distribuited by Thump Records and Universal Records in Digital Download and CD.
 Happy Heart is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the spring of 1969 by Columbia Records. The album made its first appearance on the Top LP's chart in the issue of Billboard magazine dated May 17 1969 and remained there for 23 weeks peaking at number nine.
 The Clockarium is a museum in Schaerbeek (on the outskirts of Brussels Belgium) devoted to the Art Deco ceramic clock.It specializes into the faience mantelclock which were the first timepiece affordable to everyone and proudly decorated every common home in Belgium and Northern France during the 1920s and '30s. It is located in an Art Deco style house on the Reyers boulevard.
 Vettaikaaran (Tamil: வேட்டைக்காரன்; English: Hunter) is a 1964 Tamil film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and Savitri M. N. Nambiar Nagesh M. R. Radha S. A. Ashokan and Manoramma. It was the 75th film for MGR. This film was a success in the box office and was well received by the people.
 A Terrible Tragedy is a 1916 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Hoseyn Zehi (Persian: حسين زهي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Zehī Ḩoseyn Zāhī and Ḩoseyn-e Zehī; also known as Ḩoseyn-e Zāy Ḩoseyn Zā’ī and Husanzai) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 325 in 54 families.
 Cosmisoma titania is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1870.
 American Slavery American Freedom: The Ordeal of Colonial Virginia is a 1975 history text by American historian Edmund Morgan. The work was first published in September of 1975 through W W Norton & Co Inc and is considered to be one of Morgan's seminal works.
 Hajji Tu (Persian: حاجي تو‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Tū Haji Too and Ḩājītū) is a village in Qolqol Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 523 in 146 families.
 Copelatus bombycinus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1952.
 Hureczko [xuˈrɛt͡ʂkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Medyka within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Medyka 8 km (5 mi) east of Przemyśl and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Oncotylus viridiflavus is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae subfamily Phylinae. It is found in every country of Central south Europe and Scandinavia.
 St Andrew's Church Shotley is a redundant Anglican church standing in an isolated position at a height of 960 feet (293 m) on Greymare Hill in Northumberland England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Golden State County Plaza is a 21-storey 66.5 m (218 ft) skyscraper in Fresno California. When completed in 1964 by Fresno-born developer Del Webb the building was a mixed-use project that included commercial offices with Del Webb's Towne House hotel situated on the upper floors. The building now houses several Fresno County Government offices and it is currently the third tallest in the city.
 Earth Songs is the 21st album by American singer-songwriter John Denver released in 1990.
 Arvinder Singh Lovely (born 1965)[citation needed] is an Indian politician who was the Minister for Education Tourism Languages Gurudwara election & Gurudwara Administration in the cabinet of the elected Indian National Congress (INC) Government which was headed by Mrs. Sheila Dikshit
 You Better Believe Me is an album by the Ramsey Lewis Trio featuring vocalist Jean DuShon on six tracks which was recorded in late 1964 and early 1965 and released on the Argo label.
 Aparajita Tumi (Bengali: অপরাজিতা তুমি ; English: You Undefeated) is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury. The film stars Prosenjit Chatterjee Padmapriya Janakiraman Kamalinee Mukherjee Chandan Roy Sanyal Indraneil Sengupta. It is a venture of director Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury after his successful and critically acclaimed movie Antaheen. This film also had Shantanu Moitra as music director and Anindya and Chandril as lyricists like Tony's previous film.
 The Suncor Energy Centre formerly the Petro-Canada Centre is a 1945000 square foot (181000 m²) project composed of two granite and reflective glass-clad office towers of 32 floors and 53 floors situated in the office core of downtown Calgary Alberta. At 215 m (measured to top of the structure) the west tower is the 13th tallest building in Canada and the fourth tallest skyscraper outside of Toronto having been surpassed on July 8 2010 by the neighboring Bow.
 Pascual Duarte is a 1976 Spanish drama film directed by Ricardo Franco. It was entered into the 1976 Cannes Film Festival where José Luis Gómez won the award for Best Actor. It is based on the novel The Family of Pascual Duarte by author Camilo José Cela.
 Juan Manuel Garcia III (born May 27 1966) was a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives representing the 32nd District from 2007 until 2009 and is the current United States Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve Affairs).
 Pure is the first internationally published album by Christchurch New Zealand soprano Hayley Westenra. Her previous albums were released only in New Zealand and nearby Australia. This album also received professional consultation from the legendary Sir George Martin who helped to create its unique appeal. In 2004 it was the highest selling New Zealand Album and so it privileged Hayley with an award from the New Zealand Music Awards of 2004.
 Leptothyra verruca is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Colloniidae. The shells of this species known in Ni'ihau as kahelelani'ila'ula are used to make leis.
 The national Museum of World Culture opened in Gothenburg Sweden in 2004. Its aim is to interpret the subject of world culture in an interdisciplinary way. The museum is situated next to the Universeum Science Centre and the amusement park Liseberg and close to Korsvägen. The museum interprets the concept of world culture in a dynamic and open-ended manner. On the one hand various cultures are incorporating impulses from each other and becoming more alike.
 Khomsar (Persian: خمسر‎; also known as Komsar) is a village in Hend Khaleh Rural District Tulem District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 57 families.
 Our Live Album Is Better than Your Live Album is a 2-disc live album by ska-punk band Reel Big Fish composed of both an extended length Reel Big Fish live set list and a DVD of a March 2006 live show that also includes documentary footage on the band. The DVD portion was directed by Jonathan London who previously directed the music video for their song Don't Start A Band. Previews of the album can be heard on Reel Big Fish's MySpace.
 Nancy Warren is a Democratic former member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives representing the Strafford 1st District starting in 2006.
 Valila (Persian: وليلا‎ also Romanized as Valīlā; also known as Valbalā) is a village in Kaseliyan Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 22 families.
 The Cambridge News (formerly the Cambridge Evening News) is a British daily newspaper published each weekday and on Saturdays. It is distributed from its parent company Cambridge Newspapers Ltd's Milton base which was opened in 1991 as a print works and became the Evening News' main operational hub in 1998. In the period December 2010-June 2011 it had an average daily circulation of 20987.
 The Lhonak River is a tributary of the Teesta River in the Indian state of Sikkim.
 Monte Sasso is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 618 metres above sea level.
 Henry Ernest Kendall (May 18 1864–August 25 1949) was a farmer physician and politician who served as the 19th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia from 1942 to 1947.Kendall was the son of Reverend Samuel Frederick Kendall of Bristol England and Emily Long of London. The couple settled in Sydney Nova Scotia in 1857. Reverend Kendall a member of the Plymouth Brethren established the Union Church on Mitchell Island in 1866.Kendall was widowed in 1909 following the death of his wife Ida.
 R&B from the Marquee was an album by Alexis Korner's Blues Incorporated released in November 1962 on Decca Records. Blues Incorporated was a British R&B band in the early 1960s which was led by Alexis Korner and featured various musicians. Although never very successful commercially it was extremely influential on the development of British rock music in the 1960s and later.
 Varberg Hospital (Swedish: Sjukhuset i Varberg literally The Hospital in Varberg) is a hospital in Varberg Sweden. The hospital was completed in 1972 as a replacement of the old hospital in the city. After that the old hospital was demolished. Varberg Hospital has 450 beds for general medical care and 350 beds for psychiatric treatment.
 Shane Minor is the self-titled debut album by country music artist Shane Minor. It contains the singles Slave to the Habit Ordinary Love and I Think You're Beautiful all of which entered the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts between 1999 and 2000. It is also Minor's only studio album.
 The Königsstuhl (King's Chair) is the best-known chalk cliff on the Stubbenkammer in the Jasmund National Park on the Baltic Sea island of Rügen. It lies at 118 m above sea level.In 2004 the Königsstuhl was incorporated into the terrain of the Königsstuhl National Park Centre. It can be reached along a cliff top path 11 kilometres long in total that runs from Sassnitz to Lohme or from the large car park in Hagen (in the municipality of Lohme) 3 km away.
 Flagstone Peak (13440 ft (4100 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is the 13th highest summit in Wyoming. The summit is located in Shoshone National Forest and the Heap Steep Glacier lies on the north slopes of the mountain.
 Music from and Inspired by Spider-Man 3 is a soundtrack album to Sam Raimi's 2007 film Spider-Man 3. It was released on May 1 2007. A special edition version is available only on the soundtrack's official website. A digital edition of the album is also in the planning stages with the release date to be announced. The soundtrack's website allows the user to listen to the first song from the soundtrack.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Bełżyce and 27 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Echanella hirsutipennis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Fiji.
 Gomphus davidi is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Israel Jordan Lebanon Syria and Turkey. Its natural habitats are swamps freshwater marshes ponds and canals and ditches. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sa'dun Hammadi (June 22 1930 - March 14 2007) (Arabic: سعدون حمادي‎) was briefly Prime Minister of Iraq under President Saddam Hussein from March until September 1991. He succeeded Hussein who had previously been prime minister in addition to being president but was forced out due to his reformist views.Hammadi was born in Karbala and was a Shi'ite. He joined the Ba'ath Party during the 1940s. In addition he earned a Ph.D.
 Spanish Point (Irish: Rinn na Spáinneach) is a village in the parish of Milltown Malbay in County Clare Ireland situated on the west coast of Ireland. It is home to many holiday homes and during the winter has a significantly smaller population. It is also one of the better surf breaks in County Clare. The name refers to the wrecking of some ships of the Spanish Armada off the coast.
 The International Hotel often referred to as the I-Hotel was built in 1907 after the devastating 1906 earthquake and was a low-cost residential hotel located at the corner of Kearny and Jackson Streets in the Manilatown section of San Francisco. It was during the 1920s and 1930s when thousands of seasonal Asian laborers came to reside at the hotel.It was home to many Asian Americans specifically a large Filipino American population.
 The Right to an Answer is a darkly comic 1960 novel by Anthony Burgess the first of his repatriate years (1960–69). One of its themes is the disillusionment of the returning exile. The critic William H Pritchard described the novel in a 1966 publication as surely Burgess' most engaging novel.
 Joseph Louis Bruno (born April 8 1929) is an American businessman and Republican politician. He was the Temporary President of the New York State Senate and its majority leader. Most recently he also served as acting Lieutenant Governor of New York.On June 23 2008 Bruno announced that he would not seek reelection to the State Senate in 2008.
 Muqaddar Ka Sikandar (English: Conqueror of Destiny) is a 1978 Indian Hindi drama film. Produced and directed by Prakash Mehra it stars Amitabh Bachchan in his fifth of nine films with Prakash Mehra to date. The films also stars Vinod Khanna Raakhee Rekha and Amjad Khan.The film was the top grossing hit of 1978. The film was the third biggest hit of the decade after Sholay and Bobby.
 Jaja Uma Grooming Up! (じゃじゃ馬グルーミン★UP! Jaja Uma Gurūmin★UP!) is a manga series by Masami Yuki. It depicts the story of Shunpei Kuze a high-school student unsure of the future until he takes a motorcycle ride to Hokkaidō.When his motorbike runs out of fuel Shunpei is stranded on a country road; to make matters worse he loses his wallet. He is found and taken in by the daughter of a local rancher named Hibiki Watarai.
 Clavatula petzyae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 Rauisuchus was a basal archosaur which lived in what is now the Geopark of Paleorrota Brazil during the middle Triassic period (240-230 million years ago). Named after fossil collector Dr. Wilhelm Rau Rauisuchus belonged to a group of land-dwelling relatives to crocodiles. These reptiles were among the top predators of their day eating other reptiles for food and maybe hunting early dinosaurs.Rauisuchus grew to a length of 13 feet (4 m) and was 3 feet (90 cm) high at the hips.
 Knipy [ˈknipɨ] (German: Knipstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński within Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lidzbark Warmiński and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 John Howard Tory OOnt (born May 28 1954) is a Canadian businessman political activist former leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario former Member of Provincial Parliament and broadcaster. He is a candidate for Mayor of Toronto in the 2014 election. He also is the volunteer chair of the Greater Toronto CivicAction Alliance.Tory was the runner-up in the 2003 Toronto municipal election to succeed Mel Lastman as Mayor of Toronto and lost to David Miller.
 Asylum is a 2005 Anglo-Irish drama film directed by David Mackenzie and made by Mace Neufeld Productions Samson Films Seven Arts Productions Zephyr Films Ltd and released by Paramount Classics. It is based on the novel Asylum by Patrick McGrath and was adapted for the screen by Patrick Marber and Chrysanthy Balis.It stars Natasha Richardson Marton Csokas Ian McKellen and Hugh Bonneville with a cast also including Sean Harris Joss Ackland Wanda Ventham Maria Aitken and Judy Parfitt.
 Tom G. Huff (1933 – April 14 2013) was an American businessman and politician.Born in Mandan North Dakota and graduated from Sumner High School and went to the University of Puget Sound and Knapp College. Before his political career Huff was an executive for retailer Sears. He served in the Washington House of Representatives from 1995 to 2000 as a Republican from Gig Harbor Washington.
 The Dornier Museum Friedrichshafen is an aerospace museum located in the German town of Friederichshafen near Lake Constance. The museum exhibits the aircraft designs of Claude Dornier the Dornier company and aerospace products of EADS.
 Jabłonów [jaˈbwɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocianów within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Chocianów 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Polkowice and 89 kilometres (55 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 The Barrens is a 2012 American horror film written and directed by Darren Lynn Bousman and starring Stephen Moyer and Mia Kirshner.The film was released under different titles in several European territories: e.g. as Jersey Devil in the German-speaking countries and as The Forest in France and Belgium.
 The old world orioles (Oriolidae) are a family of Old World passerine birds.
 Instant Hits! longer title Instant Hits! - Samtliga hits 1979-1989 is a compilation album from pop group Gyllene Tider released on September 5 1989. Tracks 18-23 are recorded by Pers garage which is Gyllene Tider without Anders Herrlin. It reached the Top 10 peaking at #3 on the Swedish albums chart.
 Lvinaya Past (Russian: Львиная Пасть literally Lion's Jaw) is a volcano located in the southern part of Iturup Island Kuril Islands Russia. The volcano derives its name from a rock resembling a sleeping lion that breaches the surface at the center of the submerged caldera rim.
 Sean O'Brien is a Democratic politician. He currently represents 65th District as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 Calliprora is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 For the 2005 film see Fantastic Four (film). For the reboot in development see Fantastic Four in film – Reboot.The Fantastic Four is an unreleased superhero film completed in 1994. It was produced by low-budget specialist Roger Corman and Bernd Eichinger who went on to produce another Fantastic Four movie in 2005.
 Jewish Center of Lake Huntington is a historic synagogue located at Lake Huntington in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1896 as an auto shop and tire vulcanizing garage and altered to its current use in 1936. It is a two story rectangular building three bays wide and six bays deep. The first floor is constructed of brick with a frame story above. The facade is coated in stucco.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Shur-e Qarah Kand (Persian: شورقره كند‎ also Romanized as Shūr-e Qarah Kand Shūr-e Qareh Kand and Shūr Qareh Kand; also kown as Shūreh Qareh Kand) is a village in Varqeh Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 66 families.
 The Nidḥe Israel Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת נדחי ישראל‎ Bet Knesset Nide Yisrael lit. Synagogue of the Scattered of Israel) is the only synagogue in Bridgetown Barbados. It also holds the distinction of being one of the oldest synagogues in the western hemisphere and a Barbados National Trust property. In 2011 the Synagogue and excavated Mikvah were designated as UNESCO protected properties within the World Heritage Site of Historic Bridgetown and its Garrison area.
 The Grizzly Bluff School was an historic school in the farm fields outside Ferndale California. Students came from the surrounding Eel River valley to attend a one-room school earlier than the construction of the first known school building.Tom Dix and John Davenport built the current building in 1871 and the ornamental windbreak was planted in 1878.
 As If I Am Not There is a 2010 Irish drama film directed by Juanita Wilson. The film is set in the Balkans and is shot in the Serbo-Croatian language. The film was selected as the Irish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.The film is based on Slavenka Drakulić's 1999 novel of the same name that deals with war rape in Bosnia in the 1990s.
 Sevenia madagascariensis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Rat Race Blues is an album by American saxophonist Gigi Gryce recorded in 1960 for the New Jazz label.
 De Re Atari is a book written by Atari Inc. employees in 1981 and published by the Atari Program Exchange the year after. Targeted at developers it documents the advanced features of the Atari 8-bit family of home computers and includes ideas for how to use them in applications.The information in De Re Atari was not available in a single collected source at the time of publication.
 Tiphobia horei is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.Tiphobia horei is the only species in the genus Tiphobia. Tiphobia is the type genus of the tribe Tiphobiini.The specific name horei is in honor of Reverend Edward Coode Hore (1848-1912) from the UK.
 Tverrfjellet (Skjåk) is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Woman Haters is a 1913 American short silent comedy film featuring Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle.
 Bąków [ˈbɔnkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Orońsko 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Szydłowiec and 102 km (63 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Die Hard with a Vengeance is a 1995 American action film and the third in the Die Hard film series. It was produced and directed by John McTiernan (who directed Die Hard) written by Jonathan Hensleigh and stars Bruce Willis as New York City Police Department Lieutenant John McClane Samuel L. Jackson as McClane's reluctant partner Zeus Carver and Jeremy Irons as Simon Peter Gruber.
 Pataunja is a village in Farrukhabad District in India. The village is 17 k.m and two turns by road from Chhibramau on the grand trunk road i.e. Highway no. 91.
 The Joy of Gay Sex is a sex manual for men who have sex with men written by Dr. Charles Silverstein and Edmund White. The book was first published in 1977.
 Lady Gangster is a 1942 Warner Bros. B picture directed by Robert Florey credited as Florian Roberts. It was based on the play Gangstress or Women in Prison by Dorothy Mackaye and is considered to be a remake of the pre-Code film Ladies They Talk About. Jackie Gleason plays a supporting role.
 Kemper: The CoEd Killer is a 2008 direct-to-video horror film directed by Rick Bitzelberger and written by Jack Perez. The film is loosely based on the murders committed by California serial killer Edmund Kemper.
 The Princess and the Pea is an animation film adaptation of the popular fairy tale The Princess and the Pea by Hans Christian Andersen. The film was directed by Mark Swan. It was released August 16 2002 as an American-Hungarian production of Feature Films for Families & Swan Productions. The script writers were Forrest S. Baker and Ken Cromar.The film won two Accolade Competition Awards of Excellence In 2003 and 2004 both for the musical score by composer Alan Williams.
 Stegommata is a genus of moths in the family Lyonetiidae.
 Desmopuntius is a genus of cyprinids native to Southeast Asia.
 Shirley Marie Tilghman FRS (/ˈtɪlmən/; née Caldwell; born 17 September 1946) is a Canadian scholar in molecular biology and an academic administrator; she was the 19th President of Princeton University. She was the first woman to hold the position and only the second female president in the Ivy League. A leader in the field of molecular biology Tilghman was a member of the Princeton faculty for 15 years before being named president.
 Ocinara is a genus of moths of the Bombycidae family.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Journey to Self is a 2013 Nigerian drama film written and produced by Ashionye Michelle Raccah and directed by Tope Oshin-Ogun starring Nse Ikpe Etim Ashionye Michelle Raccah Dakore Akande Tosin Sido and Katherine Obiang. It received a nomination for the category Achievement In Soundtrack at the 9th Africa Movie Academy Awards.
 Atelecyclus is a genus of crab in the family Atelecyclidae containing two species:Atelecyclus rotundatus (Olivi 1792)Atelecyclus undecimdentatus (Herbst 1783)↑
 Albert Cole (December 28 1904 – November 1966) was a Massachusetts politician who served in the Massachusetts State Senate and as the 40th and 42nd Mayors of Lynn Massachusetts.Cole was a Lynn Councillor-at-large from 1932 to 1935 and a member of the Massachusetts Senate from the 1st Essex Senatorial District from 1935 to 1940. Cole was elected Mayor of Lynn in 1939.
 Daghlan (Persian: داغلان‎ also Romanized as Dāghlān Daglan and Dāqlān) is a village in Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1224 in 290 families.
 Days in the Country (Spanish: Días de campo) is a 2004 Franco-Chilean film written and directed by Raúl Ruiz. It won the International Critics Award at the Lima Latin American Film Festival in 2006.
 Piotrowice [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kostomłoty 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Środa Śląska and 27 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Paranerita polyxenoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil Guyana and Peru.
 Champavati Patra is a Marathi daily published from Beed.
 Leidyula moreleti is a species of air-breathing land slug shell-less terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Luzino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Luzino 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Wejherowo and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 341.
 The Daniel Sutherland House is located on Angola Road in Cornwall New York United States. It is the late-19th century Stick-Eastlake style home of Sutherland a grandson of David Sutherland whose Colonial-era house is located further south on the road.Sutherland a local lawyer of prominence bought several acres of his ancestral lands from the then-owners the Chedeayne estate around 1875.
 Straight Outta Compton: N.W.A 10th Anniversary Tribute is a tribute/compilation album by rap group N.W.A. released in 1998 for Priority Records. It was produced by Ant Banks Craig B DJ Yella Dr. Dre and Krayzie Bone. The album was mildly successful making it to #142 on the Billboard 200 and #31 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop album charts. Artists on the album include MC Eiht Dresta King T Bone Thugs-N-Harmony Snoop Dogg C-Murder and Jayo Felony.
 TRE3S is the third studio album by Chikita Violenta released in early 2011 to a mix of mild and enthusiastic reviews.
 Underneath the Pine is the second album from the artist Toro y Moi released on February 22 2011 on Carpark Records. The album was given the Best New Music designation by Pitchfork and they placed the album at number 48 on its list of the Top 50 albums of 2011.The Korean Edition of the album features the bonus track Ricardo And Ryne.
 The Dice Woman is a 1926 silent film action adventure directed by Eddie Dillon and starring Priscilla Dean. No longer a Universal contract star Dean was now at the waning years of her career but is rumored to have given an exceptional performance in this film.Presumed lost.
 The Currency Museum of the Bank of Japan (貨幣博物館 Kahei-hakubutsukan) formally known as the Currency Museum Institute for Monetary and Economic Studies Bank of Japan (日本銀行金融研究所貨幣博物館 Nihonginkō-kin'yū-kenkyūjo-kahei-hakubutsukan) is a museum about Japanese currency located in front of the Bank of Japan building in Chūō Tokyo.The museum opened in November 1985. In 2010 there was an exhibition of wallets from the Edo Period (1603–1867) and Meiji Era (1868–1912).
 State by State: A Panoramic Portrait of America is a collection of pieces about the United States of America with one essay on each of the fifty states. It was conceived of and edited by Matt Weiland and Sean Wilsey.
 The Putreda River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 The Passion Flower is a 1921 drama film starring Norma Talmadge Courtenay Foote and Eulalie Jensen and directed by Herbert Brenon. The forbidden love of a man for his stepdaughter leads to tragedy and murder.The Library of Congress has a print though there is a bit of deterioration in the first scene and a lapse of continuity near the end of this copy.
 Collins is a tiny lunar impact crater located on the southern part of the Mare Tranquillitatis. It is located about 25 kilometers to the north of the Apollo 11 landing site. Named after Michael Collins the crater is the central member of the row of three craters named in honor of the Apollo 11 crew members. About 15 kilometers to the west-northwest is the landing site of the Surveyor 5 lunar probe.This crater was previously identified as Sabine D before being renamed by the IAU.
 {Château de Bellegarde is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.|Château de Bellegarde is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.fr:Château de Bellegarde (Lamonzie-Montastruc)}
 Johnny Thunders: In Cold Blood is the authorised biography of American singer and guitarist Johnny Thunders.
 The Sigmoid Dart (Eueretagrotis sigmoides) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in eastern North America species. In southern Canada it is found from Ontario to central Saskatchewan and in the United States from Maine to Minnesota south to western Maryland Ohio and western Kentucky. It has recently been recorded from North Carolina and Tennessee.The wingspan is about 40 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.
 Heterogobius chiloensis is a species of goby found along the Pacific coast of Chile. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 BioSpectrum is an Indian Biotech magazine which focuses on topics in the field of pharma agriculture bioinformatics including news on corporates involved at the R&D or industrial manufacturing or product/service distribution levels in the biotechnology chain. It is published in two editions - BioSpectrum India and BioSpectrum Asia by Cyber Media (India) Limited. Its sister magazines under the Cyber Media banner include PCQuest Dataquest and MIT's Technology Review India. 
 Rohinton Nariman (Hindi: रोहिंटन नरीमन) was appointed the Solicitor General of India on 23 July 2011. He is a lawyer and a member of Bar Council of India. He was made a Senior Counsel by Justice Venkatachaliah (the then Chief Justice of India) in 1993 at the early age of 37.
 The Sultan Abdul Samad Building (Malay: Bangunan Sultan Abdul Samad; Jawi: باڠونن سلطان عبدالصمد) is located in front of the Dataran Merdeka (Independence Square) and the Royal Selangor Club by Jalan Raja in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia.
 Snipe eels are a family Nemichthyidae of eels that consists of nine species in three genera. They are pelagic fishes found in every ocean mostly at depths of 300–600 m but sometimes as deep as 4000 m. Depending on the species adults may reach 1–2 m (30-60 inches) in length yet they weigh only 80-400 g (a few ounces to a pound). They are distinguished by their very slender jaws that separate toward the tips as the upper jaw curves upward.
 Anacostia /ænəˈkɒstiə/ is a historic neighborhood in Washington D.C. Its downtown is located at the intersection of Good Hope Road and Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue. It is located east of the Anacostia River after which the neighborhood is named. Like the other quadrants of Washington D.C. Southeast encompasses a large number of named neighborhoods of which Anacostia and Capitol Hill are the most well known.
 Cerautola crowleyi Crowley’s Epitola is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea-Bissau Guinea Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on foliate lichen.
 Last Summer at Bluefish Cove is a play by Jane Chambers. It is important in lesbian theater history as the first mainstream quality literary piece of its kind.It is the story of a dissatisfied straight woman who leaves her husband to spend some quiet time by herself and who unwittingly and naively wanders into the midst of a group of seven lesbians at the beginning of their annual beachside vacation. She falls in love with the charming leading character who unknown to her is dying of cancer.
 Gary John Joseph Humphries (born 6 July 1958) was a member of the Australian Senate representing the Australian Capital Territory for the Liberal Party of Australia 2003-13. He was the Chief Minister of the Australian Capital Territory from 2000 to 2001; and was elected to the first parliament of the Australian Capital Territory in 1989 later representing the Molonglo electorate until 2003.
 John Leslie Prescott Baron Prescott (born 31 May 1938) is a British politician who was the Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1997 to 2007. Born in Prestatyn Wales he represented Hull East as the Labour Member of Parliament from 1970 to 2010. In the 1994 leadership election he stood for both Leader and Deputy Leader of the Labour Party winning election to the latter office.
 The Babcock-Shattuck House also known as Jewish War Veterans Post is a prominent home at the corner of East Genesee and Westcott Streets in Syracuse New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.The Queen Anne style house was built in the mid-1890s to be the home of Dr. Archer D. Babcock a founding member of the Crouse-Irving Hospital.
 The IJmeer is a bordering lake in the Netherlands. It lies between the polder De Nes (in Waterland) Pampushaven Hollandse Brug and the mouth of the IJ in IJburg straddling the provinces of North Holland and Flevoland. It is an important habitat for birds such as the Tufted Duck and Scaup. To the north-east is the Markermeer south-east is the Gooimeer.
 A Film Johnnie is a 1914 American-made motion picture starring Charles Chaplin Roscoe Arbuckle and Mabel Normand.
 † Acroreiidae is an extinct family of air-breathing snails pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Siphonariidae. The living siphonariids are all marine pulmonates false sea limpets that breathe air.
 The Woman's Club of Tallahassee is a historic woman's club in Tallahassee Florida. It is located at 1513 Cristobal Drive. On November 18 1987 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Libón River is a river of the Dominican Republic.
 Dumy [ˈdumɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy within Lubaczów County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Sir John Bowring KCB (Chinese translated name: 寶寧寶靈 or 包令) (17 October 1792 – 23 November 1872) was an English political economist traveller miscellaneous writer polyglot and the 4th Governor of Hong Kong.
 Collignoniceratidae is a family of Upper Cretaceous ammonites characterized by typically more or less evolute shells with compressed oval or square whorl sections; serrate or entire keels; and dense ribs with one to 5 tubercles.
 Koothali is a village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala India.
 The Morgan Library & Museum – formerly the Pierpont Morgan Library – is a museum and research library located at 225 Madison Avenue at East 36th Street in the Murray Hill neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was founded to house the private library of J. P. Morgan in 1906 which included besides the manuscripts and printed books some of them in rare bindings his collection of prints and drawings.
 Summer School Teachers is a 1974 feature film from writer-director Barbara Peeters starring Candice Rialson. It is about three female friends who all teach at a school over the summer.It was an unofficial follow up to The Student Teachers (1973).
 Samak Sundaravej (13 June 1935 – 24 November 2009) (Thai: สมัคร สุนทรเวช RTGS: Samak Sunthorawet Thai pronunciation: [sàmàk sǔntʰɔráwêːt]) was a Thai politician who briefly served as the Prime Minister of Thailand and Minister of Defense in 2008 as well as the leader of the People's Power Party in 2008.
 Dirty South Classics is a compilation album by American hip-hop group Goodie Mob.
 The Museo del Aire was a national aviation museum located in the south-western suburbs of Havana Cuba. Until August 2010 the Museum address was: Museo del Aire Avenida 212 entre la avenida 29 y 31 La Coronela La Lisa. In about August 2010 the museum was closed and the entire collection was moved to San Antonio de los Baños Air Base no further details known.
 Gilles Robert (born March 5 1955 in Saint-Jérôme Quebec) is a politician and teacher in the Canadian province of Quebec who was elected to represent the riding of Prévost in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Parti Québécois.Robert first obtained a bachelor's degree from the Université de Montréal in history in 1977 and later added a certificate in educational sciences from the Université du Québec à Montréal in 1995.
 Posht Tang-e Kurak (Persian: پشت تنگ كورك‎ also Romanized as Posht Tang-e Kūrak; also known as Poshteh Kūrak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Levin Irving Handy (December 24 1861 – February 3 1922) was an American educator lawyer and politician from Wilmington in New Castle County Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic Party who served as U. S. Representative from Delaware. He was known by his middle name.
 Cellar Dweller is a 1988 horror film about a comic book artist who unleashes a demon after drawing it. It was directed by John Carl Buechler written by Don Mancini (as Kit Du Bois) and stars Debrah Farentino and Brian Robbins.
 George Prudham PC (February 27 1904 – August 24 1974) was a Canadian politician.Born in Kilbride Ontario he was elected to the Canadian House of Commons representing the riding of Edmonton West in the 1949 federal election. A Liberal he was re-elected in 1953. In 1950 he was the Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Resources and Development. From 1950 to 1957 he was the Minister of Mines and Technical Surveys.
 Night Time is the fifth studio album by English post-punk band Killing Joke. It was released in March 1985 through record label EG.
 Stanford I. Lehr (May 13 1912 – October 30 1992) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Ragsha (Persian: رگشا‎ also Romanized as Ragshā; also known as Rakshā Rekshā Rokshā and Rūkshah) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District Sarbuk District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 36 families.
 Gijow (Persian: گيجو‎ also Romanized as Gījow and Gījū) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 845 in 184 families.
 The São Miguel River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Everybody Out! was the first album released by Boston's punk band Everybody Out!. It was released in 2008.
 Zladovac is a village in the municipality of Žitorađa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 20 people.
 Artrocker magazine is an independent monthly publication concentrating on music and modern culture that is available across the United Kingdom. Though stocked in larger branches of newsagents its main availability is in music stores. The magazine started life as a weekly email newsletter before evolving into a printed magazine. Issue one featured KaitO on the cover and was released on October 4 2004.
 Lac de Cap-de-Long is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 2161 m its surface area is 1.1 km².
 Kashinka (Russian: Ка́шинка IPA: [ˈkaʂɨnkə]) is a river in Tver Oblast Russia a left tributary of the Volga River (joining the Volga at the Uglich Reservoir near the town of Kalyazin). The town of Kashin is located along the Kashinka. The Kashinka River is one of the most popular swimming and fishing locations in Kashin during the summer. It mostly flows through rural areas.
 The Passions of the Mind is a 1971 novel by American author Irving Stone. It is a biographical novel about the psychiatrist Sigmund Freud and covers his life from when he was a student to when he is forced to leave Austria to escape the growing influence of the Nazis. It covers many aspects of the subject's life including his hospital work his relationship with his parents his marriage to Martha Bernays and his support for his successor Carl Jung.
 Crisilla is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoidae.
 The Journal of Cognitive Engineering and Decision Making is a triannualpeer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on human cognition and the application of this to the design and development of system interfaces and automation. Its editor-in-chief is Amy Pritchett (Georgia Institute of Technology). It was established in 2007 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society.
 File Under Popular: Theoretical and Critical Writings on Music is a collection of seven essays on the political theory of popular music written by English percussionist lyricist and music theorist Chris Cutler. The essays were written between 1978 and 1983 four of them in response to requests and the rest unprompted. Two of the essays were first published in two German publications and two were originally presented by Cutler at two international symposia on popular music.
 Cieszkowy [t͡ɕeʂˈkɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Czarnocin 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Kazimierza Wielka and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 250.
 Szymanów [ʂɨˈmanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malczyce within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Malczyce 8 km (5 mi) west of Środa Śląska and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Live at the Gods is a live album by Hardline which was released on DVD and CD in 2003. It was recorded at the Gods Festival in Bradford England on 2 June 2002 where Hardline was the headliner for this festival. The concert was an all day festival which featured eight other bands such as Jeff Scott Soto whom marked his first live performance as a solo artist and Harem Scarem. Hardline was the last band to play at 2 a.m.
 Through Silver in Blood is the fifth album from the California based post-metal band Neurosis. The album was released on April 23 1996 and was their first record to be released under record label Relapse Records. The album was reissued in July 2009 on Neurot Recordings.
 Washington Gardens is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984. The Italianate style building was built in 1885 to house a restaurant. It currently houses a tavern.
 Sheykh Saluy-e Sofla (Persian: شيخ سلوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Salūy-e Soflá and Sheikh Salooy Sofla; also known as Shaikh Silu Ashāghi Sheykh Salū-ye Pā”īn Sheykh Salū-ye Soflá Sheykh Selū-ye Pā'īn Sheykh Solū Sheykh Solū-ye Pā”īn and Sheykh Solū-ye Soflá) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 387 in 69 families.
 Entre Tangos Y Mariachi (Between Tangos And Mariachi) is the title of a studio album released by Spanish performer Rocío Dúrcal on May 15 2001 by BMG Ariola.
 A Matter of Convenience is a 1987 Australian TV movie about a woman who decides to get married for profit and convenience.Ben Lewin won an AACTA Award for Best Direction in Television.
 Regina's Song written by David and Leigh Eddings is a murder mystery novel with some fantasy themes present as well. The story takes place in Seattle Washington. The story involves the murder of an identical twin. Regina and Renata are so identical that after their infant footprint records are lost no one is certain which twin is which—even their own parents. Thus when one of the twins is raped and killed the authorities simply assume that it was the 'dominant' one: Regina.
 Balé Mulato – Ao Vivo is Daniela Mercury's fourth live album released in Brazil in December 2006 through EMI. The tracks of this album (with the exception of the last two) were recorded on September 17 2006 in Farol da Barra Salvador Bahia. It won a Latin Grammy Award in 2007 and sold around 60 000 copies in Brazil earning a gold certification.
 Yowrie River a perennial river of the Tuross River catchment is located in the upper ranges of the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Ipertensione is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Roberto Vecchioni.
 Janowo-Olędry [jaˈnɔvɔ ɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Tum [tum] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Łęczyca and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź. The village has an approximate population of 600.Tum is the site of a 12th-century Romanesque Collegiate church.
 Invincible is the ninth and final book in the Legacy of the Force series. It is a novel by Troy Denning and was released on May 13 2008.
 Grabanta is a village in the municipality of Jajce Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Fyne Court is a National Trust-owned nature reserve and visitor centre in Broomfield Somerset England.The main building of Fyne Court burned down in 1894 having been owned by the Crosse family since its construction. Andrew Crosse conducted a series of experiments with electricity at the house during his ownership in the early 19th century.
 Sulice [suˈlit͡sɛ] (German: Neu Gerdshagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzyno within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Janko Zwycięzca is a 1921 Polish silent film comedy directed by Gustaw Cybulski.
 The Sentinel is a 2006 crime thriller film directed by Clark Johnson about a veteran United States Secret Service bodyguard who is suspected as a traitor after an attempted assassination of the president reveals that someone within the Service is providing information to the assassins.The film stars Michael Douglas as the veteran agent Kiefer Sutherland as his protégé Eva Longoria as a rookie Secret Service agent and Kim Basinger in the role of the First Lady.
 Balloon Farm is a 1999 tv movie that stars Rip Torn Mara Wilson and Laurie Metcalf. The movie was produced and premiered as part of The Wonderful World of Disney series. The movie is based on the book Harvey Potter's Balloon Farm by Jerdine Nolen.
 Dr. Bernadett Szél (born 9 March 1977) is a Hungarian economist and politician. She is co-President of the Politics Can Be Different (Lehet Más a Politika; LMP) party and has been a member of the National Assembly (MP) from the party's National List since 2012.
 Medicine Owl Peak (8284 feet (2525 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Deep Lake is a natural sinkhole in Big Cypress National Preserve in Florida.
 Mount Gordon is a cinder cone in the Wrangell Mountains of eastern Alaska United States located between Nabesna Glacier and the stratovolcano Mount Drum. It is the most prominent of a group of Pleistocene and Holocene cinder cones most of which are less than 100 m (328 ft) high. The exact age of Mount Gordon remains unknown.
 In 2013 the Royal Military College of Canada is celebrating the 50th anniversary of the two small devotional chapels in Yeo Hall which were installed in 1963. With a view to encourage and enhance their spiritual well-being the Protestant and Royal Catholic Chaplains cadets and staff use the Chapels. Gifts to the chapels have been made by successive generations of cadets and ex-cadets.
 Deh Now-e Sheykh Ali Khan (Persian: ده نوشيخ عليخان‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Sheykh ʿAlī Khān; also known as Deh-e Shūr Deh Now-e Āb Shūr and Deh Shūr) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 41 families.
 Moskal-Charivnyk (Ukrainian: Москаль-Чарівник) is a 1995 musical comedy by the Ukrainian filmmaker Mykola Zasieyev-Rudenko based on the book by Ukrainian writer Ivan Kotliarevskyi. The film features a detailed portrayal of Ukrainian culture showing the beauty of Ukrainian traditions music costumes and language.
 Happy Feet Two is a 2011 Australian-American 3D computer-animated family musical film directed produced and co-written by George Miller. It is a sequel to Miller's 2006 film Happy Feet and features Elijah Wood Robin Williams Hugo Weaving Magda Szubanski and Anthony LaPaglia reprising their roles from the first film. Pink and Richard Carter replaced the deceased Brittany Murphy and Steve Irwin as Gloria and Bryan the beachmaster respectively.
 Kile [ˈkilɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Kalinowo 28 km (17 mi) east of Ełk and 150 km (93 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Over the Rainbow is the sixth novel by British writer Paul Pickering. It is an often darkly comic love story set against the background of the war and aid work in Afghanistan. It is to be published by Simon & Schuster on 1 March 2012. Pickering walked across Eastern Afghanistan to research the novel.
 The yawning Poromitra oscitans is a fish of the family Melamphaidae found in tropical and subtropical waters of the indo-Pacific region.
 Public Sex (Original title: Dogging: A Love Story) is a British romantic comedy film released in 2009 starring Luke Treadaway Kate Heppell Justine Glenton and Richard Reddell directed by Simon Ellis and written by Michael Groom and Brock Norman Brock. The film was originally titled Dogging: A Love Story but the title was changed to Public Sex when released in the United States.
 Arctiopais is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Kakashi (案山子 Scarecrow) is a 2001 horror film based on the manga of the same name the film chronicles a tale of Kaoru Yoshikawa whose search for her missing brother Tsuyoshi leads her to Kozukata an isolated village that seems to harbor dark secrets.
 Thunder Mountain in the Sierra Nevada of California is located west of Silver Lake and east of Kirkwood Mountain Resort. The mountain has two peaks the 9410-foot (2870 m) main peak and a 9412-foot (2869 m) sub-peak west of the main peak.The main summit is the highest point in Amador County. Due to the high elevation most precipitation that falls on Thunder Mountain consists of snow.
 F. Emmett Fitzpatrick is an American politician attorney and professor. A noted criminal defense attorney he served as the District Attorney of Philadelphia Pennsylvania between 1974 and 1978.
 Cueva de la Pileta (Cave of the Pool in English) is a cave in the province of Málaga (Spain) which has cave paintings and was discovered in 1905.
 The Holmul River (Spanish: Río Holmul) is a river in northeastern Guatemala that flows through the Petén Basin region in the departamento (department) of El Petén towards the border with Belize. A number of significant pre-Columbian Maya sites lie along or near the course of this waterway including Tikal Nakum Holmul Naranjo Yaxha and Witzna.
 Karptjärn is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Mutiny of the Elsinore is a 1937 British action film directed by Roy Lockwood and starring Lyn Harding Jiro Soneya and Paul Lukas. Following a mutiny on a ship against a brutal captain a writer who happens to be aboard as a passenger is asked to take over. It was an adaptation of the novel The Mutiny of the Elsinore by Jack London.
 California Peak elevation 13855 ft (4223 m) is a summit in the Sangre de Cristo Range of southern Colorado. The peak is northeast of Alamosa in the Rio Grande and San Isabel national forests.
 Dąbrówka Nowa [dɔmˈbrufka ˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Błędów 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Grójec and 50 km (31 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Un début dans la vie (A Start in Life) is a novel by the French writer Honoré de Balzac. It is the sixth of the Scènes de la vie privée (Scenes of Private Life) in La Comédie humaine.The novel was serialized in the review La Législature in 1842 under the title Le Danger des mystifications (The Dangers of Gasconade). In 1845 it appeared under its present title in the second Furne edition of La Comédie humaine.
 The Woodbury Fisk House (also known as Yarmolovich residence and the John A. Armstrong House) is a large home in the Marcy Holmes neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota. A native of Maine John A. Armstrong came to Saint Anthony via the California gold rush using his capital to build a lumbering operation in the Rum River valley. He also became sheriff of Hennepin County in 1860 the year in which this house was probably begun. Woodbury Fisk later obtained the home.
 The Church of the Assumption of Our Lady commonly known as the Rotunda of Mosta or Rotunda of St Marija Assunta (sometimes shortened to as The Mosta Dome) is a Roman Catholic church in Mosta Malta. It is the fourth largest unsupported dome in the world and the third largest in Europe.Built in the 19th century on the site of a previous church it was designed by the Maltese architect Giorgio Grognet de Vassé.
 Boxborough Old Town Center is a historic district on Hill Road Middle Road Picnic Street in Boxborough Massachusetts.The area features colonial and federal architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Ultra.Dance 12 is a 2-CD dance compilation album from Ultra Records as part of the Ultra Dance series. It was released on January 25 2011 and mixed by Vic Latino.
 The Man from Button Willow is a 1965 American animated Western film about the adventures of Justin Eagle the first U.S. Government Agent. It was released on 3 April 1965 in the United States.
 Ferrari Boyz is a collaborative studio album by American rappers Gucci Mane and Waka Flocka Flame. Originally scheduled for a June 21 2011 release it was delayed and later released on August 9. It features Rocko 2 Chainz 1017 Brick Squad labelmates Wooh da Kid and Frenchie and also Brick Squad Monopoly members Slim Dunkin (now deceased) Ice Burgundy and YG Hootie.
 Devil Without a Cause is Kid Rock's fourth album. Produced by Kid Rock with John Travis it was released in 1998 by Atlantic Records. It is Kid Rock's last album to be categorized as hip hop before crossing over to more traditional rock music. Allmusic labeled the album as a rap-rock masterpiece.The album was certified 11 times Platinum by the RIAA by April 2003.
 Swinger is the sixth album by the Spanish group Barrabás released in 1976. It was the last album before the group's four-year hiatus and the last to feature several band members including Ricky Morales Juan Vidal and Daniel Louis. Due to the album title being absent from the cover it is sometimes known simply as Barrabás. The album was later re-released on CD as Watch-Out with a similar sleeve but is not related to the other Barrabás album of that name the 1975 release Watch Out.
 Joseph F. Vitale (born November 10 1954) is an American Democratic Party politician who has been serving in the New Jersey State Senate since 1998 where he represents the 19th Legislative District. He is also the former Mayor of Woodbridge Township New Jersey having been elected by the Township Council in July 2006 to fill a temporary vacancy following the death of Mayor Frank Pelzman.
 James Layton Ralston PC (September 27 1881 – May 21 1948) was a Canadian lawyer soldier and politician.Born in Amherst Nova Scotia Ralston graduated from law school at Dalhousie University in 1903 and practised law in Amherst.
 The Montane Widowbird (Euplectes psammacromius) also known as the Mountain Marsh Widowbird is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family. It is an endemic resident of the eastern afro-mountain grassland (northeast Zambia north Malawi and highlands of southwest Tanzania). Like all widowbirds the difference between male and female appearance is prominent during breeding season.
 Compass Point is an album released by country musician David Allan Coe. It was released in 1979 on Columbia.
 Maattrraan (English: The Alternate) is a 2012 Tamil action thriller film directed and co-written by K. V. Anand and produced by Kalpathi S. Aghoram. It stars Suriya who portrays conjoined twins along with Kajal Aggarwal in lead roles while Sachin Khedekar and Tara play supporting roles. Maattrraan released worldwide on 12 October 2012 along with a dubbed Telugu version titled Brothers receiving positive to mixed reviews from critics.
 Troll Bridge is a Discworld short story written by Terry Pratchett in 1991 for a collection entitled After The King: Stories in Honour of J.R.R. Tolkien.Set following the events of The Light Fantastic the story stars Cohen the Barbarian who plans to prove himself by killing a troll in single combat.
 Qorban Kandi (Persian: قربان كندي‎ also Romanized as Qorbān Kandī) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 398 in 116 families.
 The Lazy A Motel is a historic former motel located along Old U.S. Route 66 in Springfield Illinois. The motel was built in 1948-49 and had 13 rooms arranged in a U shape with garages located between the rooms. The building was designed in the Southwestern Vernacular style which can be seen in its stucco walls its flat tile roof and its cast iron railings and fixtures.
 Oh Kay! is a 1928 silent film produced by John McCormick and distributed by First National Pictures. McCormick's wife Colleen Moore starred with Mervyn LeRoy directed. It is based on the musical Oh Kay!. This film is lost.
 Taşlık is a village in the District of Kıbrısçık Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 39 people.
 Sir Brian George Conway Elwood CBE JP (born 5 April 1933) was the Chief Ombudsman of New Zealand from December 1994 to June 2003. In this role he was responsible for investigating complaints against central and local government agencies including Ministers of the Crown.
 Gupteshwor is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2232 persons living in 418 individual households.
 Laderaz (Persian: لادراز‎ also Romanized as Lāderāz) is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 11 families.
 The Majagua River is a river of Panama.
 The Book of Bond or Every Man His Own 007 is a book by Kingsley Amis which was first published by Jonathan Cape in 1965. For this work Amis used the pseudonym Lt.-Col. William (Bill) Tanner.
 Château de Gaujacq is a château in Landes Aquitane France. It dates to 1686 and was built in the Italian renaissance style.
 Durgeshnandini (Bengali: দুর্গেশনন্দিনী Doorgeshnondini Daughter of the Feudal Lord) is a Bengali historical romance novel written by Indian writer Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay in 1865. Durgeshnandini is a story of the love triangle between Jagat Singh a Mughal General Tilottama the daughter of a Bengali feudal lord and Ayesha the daughter of a rebel Pathan leader against whom Jagat Singh was fighting.
 St. Mary's Church Greasley is a parish church in the Church of England in Greasley Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 Myauk Nan Kyaung Yazawin (Burmese: မြောက်‌နန်းကျောင်း ရာဇဝင်) is a 17th-century Burmese chronicle commissioned by King Pye (r. 1661–1671) and written by Myauk Nan Kyaung Sayadaw a Buddhist monk. It is an abridged history of Burmese kings to the era.
 Daphnis nerii (formerly Deilephila nerii) known as the Oleander Hawk-moth Or Army Green Moth is a moth of the Sphingidae family.
 Wannenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Momotus is a small genus of the motmots a family of near passerine birds found in forest and woodland of the Neotropics. They have a colourful plumage which is green on the back becoming blue on the flight feathers and the long tails. The barbs near the ends of the two longest central tail feathers fall off leaving a length of bare shaft so that tails appear racket-shaped. Momotus species like other motmots eat small prey such as insects and lizards and will also take fruit.
 Fleetwood Farm also known as the Greenhill Plantation and Peggy's Green is a Federal style house in Loudoun County Virginia. The house is conjectured to have been built around 1775 by William Ellzey a lawyer originally from Virginia's Tidewater region. The house is an unusual example of post-and-beam construction in a region where stone or brick construction is more usual.The house is a 2-1/2 story post-and-beam framed structure on a stone foundationa nd basement.
 Phlogophora conservuloides is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Sikkim to Taiwan.
 Markandeya was a 1935 Tamil film directed by K. Ramnoth and Murugadasa. The film is based on the mythological story of Markandeya.
 The Capt. Josiah E. Chase Octagon House built in 1858 is an historic octagonal house located on Chase Mill Road in East Limington Maine.On March 25 1987 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Enrico Mosconi 1843-1910 was an Italian engineer father of the General Enrique Mosconi.
 Ansel Briggs (February 3 1806 in Shoreham Vermont – May 5 1881 in Omaha Nebraska) was the first Governor of Iowa from 1846 to 1850. Briggs was a business entrepreneur sheriff and a member of the Iowa Territorial House of Representatives before being Governor. While Governor of Iowa he oversaw the formation of the government bodies of Iowa the state's school system and diplomatically avoided an armed border dispute with the state of Missouri.
 Follow The Sun is the fifth studio album by Evermore and was released on 12 October 2012. The album was partly recorded using a portable studio during a world trip. Two singles Follow The Sun and Hero have been released.
 The Scold's Bridle (1994) is a crime novel by English writer Minette Walters. The book Walters' third won a CWA Gold Dagger.
 Bathhouse Betty is the ninth studio album by the American singer Bette Midler released in 1998. Bathhouse Betty was Midler's debut album for Warner Bros.
 The Multnomah County Poor Farm is a historic site in Troutdale Oregon United States. The former county poor farm is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Today the site is operated as an entertainment and lodging complex under the name McMenamins Edgefield one of many historic properties owned restored and operated by McMenamins.
 Mihály Balla (born May 21 1965) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Balassagyarmat Nógrád County since 1998. He is one of the deputy leaders of the Fidesz parliamentary group since June 8 2010. He serves as Chairman of the Parliamentary Committee on Foreign Affairs from 2010.
 The Rahmi M. Koç Museum is a private industrial museum in Istanbul Turkey dedicated to history of transport industry and communications. Rahmi M. Koç member of the wealthiest dynasty in Turkey and retired boss of the Koç Group founded the museum in 1991 which was opened on December 13 1994. The museum is located in the suburb of Hasköy on the north shore of the Golden Horn and situated in two historical buildings connected to each other. It is open to public every day except Monday.
 Albert Savarus is an 1836 novel by French novelist and playwright Honoré de Balzac (1799–1850) and included in his series of novels (or Roman-fleuve) known as La Comédie humaine (The Human Comedy) which parodies and depicts French society in the period of the Restoration and the July Monarchy (1815–1848).
 Katie Tippel (Dutch title: Keetje Tippel) is a 1975 film by Paul Verhoeven. The film is based on the memoirs of Neel Doff (1858–1942) and was the most expensive Dutch film produced up to that time. The film was a box office success taking in 1829116 admissions in the Netherlands.
 Live at the Apollo is a live album by James Brown and the Famous Flames recorded at the Apollo Theater in Harlem and released in 1963. In 2003 the album was ranked number 25 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. In 2004 it was one of 50 recordings chosen that year by the Library of Congress to be added to the National Recording Registry.
 Villa Loyola is a centre in Ignatian spirituality run by the Society of Jesus in Greater Sudbury Ontario. It is the only Canadian French-speaking Jesuit centre outside of Quebec. As well serving as a retreat centre it is also an ecumenical and interfaith conference centre. It is situated on the shore of Long Lake off Municipal Road 80 to the south of Sudbury's urban core.
 Searles Lake is an endorheic dry lake in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California with the mining community Trona on its western shore. The evaporite basin is approximately 19 km (12 mi) long and 13 km (8.1 mi) at its widest point yielding 1.7 million tons annually of industrial minerals within the basin to the Searles Valley Minerals mining operations. Searles Lake is bounded by the Argus and Slate Mountains.
 Il Teatro degli Orrori/Zu is a limited edition split album of the Italian bands Il Teatro degli Orrori and Zu.More precisely the record was limited to 666 copies consisting of a 10-inch vinyl on CD included. The album is published by the Italian label La Tempesta Dischi.
 Gigantorhynchus is a genus of parasitic worm from the family Gigantorhynchida.Contains the following species:Gigantorhynchus echinodiscus (Diesing 1851)Gigantorhynchus lopezneyrai Diaz-ungria 1958Gigantorhynchus lutzi Machado 1941Gigantorhynchus ortizi Sarmiento 1954Gigantorhynchus pasteri Tadros 1966Gigantorhynchus ungriai Antonio 1958↑
 ආසයි මං පියාඹන්න Asai Man Piyambanna is a 2007 Sinhala Romantic/Drama film written and directed by Udayakantha Warnasuriya. Asai Man Piyambanna is the Sri Lankan version of the Hindi musical drama romance film Taal. The film features Roshan Ranawana and Pooja Umashankar in the leading roles while Gayathri Dias Shiran Silva Nalin Pradeep Udawela and Sanath Gunatilaka also play key supporting roles. Produced by Dhammika Siriwardana the film had music scored by Rohana Weerasinghe.
 Northport Post Office the U.S. post office in Northport New York is located at 244 Main Street in Northport New York. It serves the ZIP code 11768 which also includes Asharoken Eaton's Neck Vernon Valley Middleville and Fort Salonga.Northport Post Office was designed by Louis A. Simon in conjunction with the United States Treasury Department. Simon also designed the Post Office buildings in Bay Shore Riverhead and Westhampton Beach.
 Stigmella xystodes is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from the Oriental region to the Near East North Africa and the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 4.9–6.6 mm for males and 5–5.5 mm for females. Adults are on wing from July to August in the orient.The larvae feed on Cyperus rotundus and probably Cyperus conglomeratus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts either from the apex or middle of the leaf.
 The Library Policeman is a novella by author Stephen King. It is the third story in his 1990 collection Four Past Midnight. It tells of Sam Peebles and his battle against an age-old fear.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād and Hājiābād; also known as Haji Abad Japlogh) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 412 in 102 families.
 Steve Kettering is the Iowa State Senator from the 26th District. A Republican he has served in the Iowa Senate since 2003 when he won a special election to fill the vacancy left after Steve King was elected to Iowa's 5th congressional district. [1] He got his B.A.
 Sarbinowo [sarbiˈnɔvɔ] (formerly German Sorenbohm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielno within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Koszalin and 130 km (81 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 558.
 Tinkle is an Indian monthly magazine published mainly in India. Originally owned by the India Book House the Tinkle brand was acquired by ACK Media in 2007. The magazine contains comics stories puzzles quizzes contests and other features targeted at school children although its readership includes many adults as well.
 Leucophlebia muehlei is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Rwanda.
 Johanneskirchenkopf is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 K. is a crime novel by the American writer Mary Roberts Rinehart (1876–1956) set in post-Victorian era Allegheny City Pennsylvania (which since 1907 has been a part of the city of Pittsburgh).It tells the story of Sidney who takes in a boarder with the initial K. and whose presence leads to mystery.Ms Rinehart is considered the American Agatha Christie.
 Tazeh Qaleh (Persian: تازه قلعه‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Qal‘eh) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 725 in 143 families.
 Mount Mangin is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918 after Mangin Charles Emmanuel.
 Mount Ida is a historic home located near Scottsville Albemarle County Virginia. It was built between about 1785 and 1805 and is a two-story five bay frame plantation house. It has a one bay west wing. The interior features a parlor with elaborately carved paneling. The house was moved to a 422.65 acre site with an elevated knoll located alonga bend in the Hardware River in 1995.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Wiśniewo [viɕˈɲevɔ] is a village in Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wiśniewo. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Mława and 105 km (65 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 The Rugrats Movie is a 1998 American animated adventure-comedy film produced by Nickelodeon Movies and Klasky Csupo. The film was distributed by Paramount Pictures and first released in theaters in the United States on November 20 1998. The film marks the first film made by Nickelodeon Movies to be based on a Nicktoon.Based on the popular 1990s animated Nickelodeon series Rugrats this film introduced Tommy Pickles' baby brother Dil Pickles who appeared on the original series the next year.
 Weak in the Presence of Beauty was the second and last album by English sophisti-pop band Floy Joy. It was released in 1986 and featured the minor hit Weak in the Presence of Beauty.Unlike the previous album which featured Carroll Thompson on vocals this album instead featured vocals from Desi Campbell whilst both original member Michael Ward and new member Robert E. Clarke performed and wrote the music.Friday Night was also released as a single but was a commercial failure.
 Bob Coffin (born on 7 October 1942 in Anaheim California) is a Las Vegas city councilman representing the city's east side in Ward 3. He was previously a Democratic member of the Nevada Senate representing Clark County District 10 (map) from 1987-2011. Previously he was a member of the Nevada Assembly from 1983 through 1985. Mr. Coffin is half Mexican American.
 Hemerodromiinae are a worldwide group of predatory flies with raptorial forelegs.
 Uncle Robin in His Cabin in Virginia and Tom Without One in Boston (sometimes shortened to simply Uncle Robin's Cabin) is an 1853 novel written by J.W. Page and released by J. W. Randolph Publishers of Richmond Virginia.
 Deadly Verses is the 1995 album by Memphis gangsta rapper Gangsta Pat. In this album Pat's style has dramatically changed in to a quick pace hardcore flow (getting the impression for the new pace from Bone Thugs-N-Harmony & hardcore lyric from Three 6 Mafia). But like most of Pat's album he couldn't translate the support into national sales. Pat would again move on to another label after the release of his next album.
 There's Only One Sun is a 2007 short film/long form advertisement for Philips Aurea a new LCD technology for their televishon it was written and directed by Wong Kar-Wai.
 Windsor Community Museum is a historical museum located in Windsor Ontario Canada which displays the city's rich and colourful past. It is located in the historic François Baby House built in 1812 by François Baby a prominent French-Canadian (which is now designated as a National Historic Site).The Museum was originally named the Hiram Walker Historical Museum due to the large amount of money donated by the Hiram Walker and Sons Limited for the restoration of the Baby House.
 Great Expectations is a 1934 adaptation of the Charles Dickens novel of the same name. Filmed with mostly American actors it was the first sound version of the novel and was produced in Hollywood by Universal Studios and directed by Stuart Walker. It stars Phillips Holmes as Pip Jane Wyatt as Estella and Florence Reed as Miss Havisham.Critics consider this 1934 version far inferior to the classic 1946 version made in England and directed by David Lean.
 Andrew Mark Ronalds is an Australian politician representing the Eastern Victoria Region for the Liberal Party in the Victorian Legislative Council since 5 February 2014.He replaced Philip Davis after his retirement in January 2014. Prior to entering Parliament Ronalds directed a number of companies and had business interests in agriculture manufacturing and communications.
 Parasitic People is the second album Japanese group Super Junky Monkey released in 1996. It showed the group honing and integrating their influences into a very complex and (to some) unlistenable recording. It was released in Japan and the United States.
 Heartless (Italian: Cuore cattivo) is a 1995 Italian crime-drama film directed by Umberto Marino.
 33 is the eleventh studio studio album by Mexican singer-producer Luis Miguel released by WEA Latina on September 30 2003. It sold over 4 million of copies worldwide. Though the album did not surface well on the Billboard 200 peaking at #43. The album garnered Luis Miguel one Latin Grammy Nomination for Best Male Pop Vocal Album. It also received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album.
 Threnody is the second album from Swedish melodic death metal/industrial band Engel. This is the final Engel release with Daniel Mojjo Moilanen on drums. Threnody was finished by the end of 2008 but due to issues with their former label SPV GmbH the release of the album was delayed.Music videos were released for the demo version of Elbow And Knives (entitled Someone Died (Made You God)) Sense the Fire and Six Feet Deep.
 In Mike We Trust is a young adult gay novel by P. E. Ryan first published in 2009. It depicts a teenage gay boy who falls under the sway of his con artist uncle (who is the twin brother of the boy's recently deceased father).
 Land Gold and Women is a documentary about the conditions of women in rural Pakistan. It chronicles the traditional use of ritual gang rape as a method of social control. Central to the film are the stories of Mukhtar Mai and Dr. Shazia Khalid. The documentary was first broadcast on 5 March 2006.
 Augusta is a 1995 album by country singer Willie Nelson and big band singer Don Cherry.
 44 Minutes: The North Hollywood Shoot-Out is a 2003 American film directed by Yves Simoneau. The film premiered on the FX Network in June 2003.
 The Eden Creek a perennial stream of the Richmond River catchment is located in Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales Australia.
 Dance 'Til Your Baby Is a Man is the first full length album from Sean Na Na.
 Everybody Says I'm Fine! is an Indian film released on 12 September 2001 at the Toronto Film Festival. It marks the directorial debut of Indian actor Rahul Bose. For his work on Everybody Says I'm Fine! Bose won the runner-up John Schlesinger Award for best directorial debut at the 2003 Palm Springs International Film Festival.
 Carlton Bloc was a residential bloc located in Bucharest Romania. Having a height of 47 metres (154 ft) it was the tallest building in the city until it was destroyed by the November 10 1940 earthquake. The bloc was the tallest building in the city between 1932 and 1934.
 The Gang House also known as the Gang Residence is a historic home in Syracuse New York designed by Ward Wellington Ward. It was built in 1914 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.The house is gabled and has a complex facade. It is brick-clad on the first floor exterior and stuccoed above.Currently the house is operated as a bed and breakfast.The nearby Chapman House was also designed by Ward.
 Armenian Genocide Museum of America (AGMA) is a proposed Armenian museum in Washington D.C. United States run by the Armenian Genocide Museum and Memorial Inc. (AGM&M). The project was launched in 2000 and is yet to be finalized.
 Adolphus Ndaneweh Wabara is a former Nigerian senator who represented the People's Democratic Party (PDP) in Abia State. He became a senator in 1999 and was president of the Senate of Nigeria from 2003 to 2005 he continued his tenure as a senator until 2007 when he stepped down.
 Dragon Hill Lodge is a U.S. Department of Defense - owned hotel in Seoul South Korea. It is co-located with and is a part of the Yongsan Garrison (which mean Dragon Mountain in Korean) military community.The Lodge is an Armed Forces Recreation Center (AFRC) resort hotel and serves thousands of guests each year all of whom are required to be active or retired military DOD employees or their family members.
 Romance in the Dark is a 1938 film directed by H. C. Potter and starring Gladys Swarthout John Boles John Barrymore and Claire Dodd. It is one of five movies produced by Paramount in the 1930s featuring Gladys Swarthout a very popular Metropolitan Opera mezzo-soprano. The studio was attempting to build on the popularity of Grace Moore another opera singer who had also expanded her talents into movies.
 High Raise is a fell in the English Lake District standing to the west of Haweswater Reservoir in the Far Eastern Fells. Note that another High Raise is the highpoint of the Central Fells.
 Ronald Sampson CBE is a British administrator who served as Chief Executive of the Falkland Islands from April 1989 until September 1994.During his time as Chief Executive Sampson worked to improve up the infrastructure of the Falkland Islands in the wake of the 1982 war. Following his retirement in 1994 Sampson was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II.
 Pál Adrienn is a 2010 Hungarian drama film directed by Ágnes Kocsis. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.
 Vicente Alberto (Tinín) Álvarez Areces (born August 4 1943 in Gijón) is a Asturian politician. He served as the sixth President of the Principality of Asturias in Spain and he is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party political party.
 Milena Žic-Fuchs (born 10 August 1954) is a Croatian linguist and full member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts. She formerly served as the Croatian Minister of Science and Technology in the cabinet of Zlatko Mateša from February 1999 to January 2000.Žic Fuchs graduated from the University of Zagreb's Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences (FFZG) in 1977 majoring in English language and literature and ethnology.
 Shirome ( シロメ White Eyes) is a 2010 J-Horror found footage film presented in the form of a documentary. The movie was written and directed by Kôji Shiraishi. Shiraishi also appears in a starring role within the film playing himself as do the six then-members of Momoiro Clover.
 Historie (Japanese: ヒストリエ Hepburn: Hisutorie) is a historical manga by Hitoshi Iwaaki that tells the life story of Eumenes a secretary and general to Alexander the Great. It is serialized by Kodansha in Afternoon and collected in 8 tankōbon volumes as of August 2013.
 What Is the What: The Autobiography of Valentino Achak Deng is a 2006 novel written by Dave Eggers. It is based on the real life story of Valentino Achak Deng a Sudanese refugee and member of the Lost Boys of Sudan program.
 Camiliören is a village in the District of Gülağaç Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Into Somethin' is a 1965 album by jazz organist Larry Young. It is Young's debut for Blue Note records featuring Grant Green and Elvin Jones with both of whom he had previously recorded under Green's name. Also present is Sam Rivers on tenor saxophone.
 Get Tough: The Best of the Del-Lords a greatest hits compilation by The Del-Lords released in 1999 through Restless Records.
 Jahanpanah (Persian: جهان‌پناه‎) was the fourth medieval city of Delhi established in 1326–1327 by Muhammad bin Tughlaq (1321–51) of the Delhi Sultanate. To address the constant threat of the Mongols Tughlaq built the fortified city of Jahanpanah (meaning in Persian: “Refuge of the World”) subsuming the Adilabad fort that had been built in the 14th century and also all the establishments lying between Qila Rai Pithora and Siri Fort. Neither the city nor the fort has survived.
 Brzeziniec [bʐɛˈʑiɲɛt͡s] (German: Birkicht) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Mirsk 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-west of Lwówek Śląski and 116 kilometres (72 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Goulburn Base Hospital is a public district hospital located in the city of Goulburn New South Wales in Australia. The hospital is situated on Goldsmith Street approximately 1 km (0.62 mi) from the Central Business District. The hospital is operated by Southern NSW Local Health District and serves as a regional referral facility providing a range of general surgical and some specialist services. It is a teaching hospital affiliated with the Australian National University based in Canberra.
 All for Science is a 1913 drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 William Stone (January 26 1791 - February 18 1853) was a U.S. Representative from Tennessee.
 Cut Bank is an upcoming American thriller film directed by Matt Shakman and written by Roberto Patino. The film stars Liam Hemsworth Billy Bob Thornton John Malkovich Teresa Palmer and Michael Stuhlbarg.
 Archives of Oral Biology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering oral and craniofacial research in all vertebrates including work in palaeontology and comparative anatomy. It was established in 1959 and is published by Elsevier. The editors-in-chief are G.B. Proctor (King's College London) and G.R. Holland (University of Michigan).
 Jesse Stone: No Remorse is a 2010 American television mystery film directed by Robert Harmon and starring Tom Selleck Kathy Baker and Kohl Sudduth. Based on the characters from the Jesse Stone novels created by Robert B. Parker the film is about the police chief of a small New England town who investigates a series of murders in Boston for a state police colleague and uncovers evidence that leads to a notorious mob boss.
 Let's Build a Fire is the third album released by +/-. It was first released in Taiwan by white wabbit records in November 2005 and in Japan by & Records on December 14 2005. A revised version of the album was released by Absolutely Kosher Records in the USA on October 24 2006.The influential American online publication Pitchfork Media ignited a controversy in November 2006 when it reviewed the Taiwanese version of the album by mistake.
 Leonard Nimoy Presents Mr. Spock's Music From Outer Space is the debut album of Leonard Nimoy recorded in his Mr. Spock persona. It was released in June 1967 by Dot Records.
 The Wicomico River is a 13.0-mile-long (20.9 km) tributary of the lower tidal portion of the Potomac River located in the U.S. state of Maryland south of Washington DC. The river empties into the Potomac at Cobb Island and St. Margaret's Island. Its watershed area (excluding water) is 77 square miles (200 km2) with 2% impervious surface in 1994. in Charles St. Mary's and southern Prince George's counties. The lower section of the river forms part of the boundary between Charles and St.
 The River Loxley is a river in the City of Sheffield South Yorkshire England. Its source is a series of streams which rise some 10 miles (16 km) in the north-west of Sheffield on Bradfield Moors and converge at Low Bradfield. It flows easterly through Damflask Reservoir and is joined by Storrs Brook at Storrs near Stannington and the River Rivelin at Malin Bridge before flowing into the River Don at Owlerton in Hillsborough.
 Major General The Honourable John Ready (c. 1777 – 10 July 1845) was a British army officer who served as Lieutenant Governor of Prince Edward Island from 1824 to 1831 and also as Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man from 1832 to 1845.
 The Harsh Cry of the Heron is the sequel to Lian Hearn's popular Tales of the Otori trilogy first published on March 7 2006. The novel is set sixteen years after the events of the Trilogy and covers a period of about two years. It chronicles the events that ultimately lead to Takeo's downfall in accordance with the prophecy spoken of him years before.
 Chandika (also Bayalpata) is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 2129 living in 446 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 2383 of which 45% was literate.
 Lake Narach (Belarusian: Нарач pronounced [ˈnaratʂ]; Russian: На́рочь; Polish: Narocz; Lithuanian: Narutis) is a lake in north-western Belarus (Myadzyel Raion Minsk Region) located in the basin of the Viliya river. It is the largest lake in Belarus (in 1921–39 it was the largest lake of Poland).Narach is a part of the Narach lake group (the others being Miastra (Belarusian: Мястра) Batoryn (Belarusian: Баторын) Blednaje (Belarusian: Бледнае)).
 Kavilo (Serbian Cyrillic: Кавило Hungarian: Rákóczitelep or Kavilló) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Bačka Topola municipality in the North Bačka District Vojvodina province. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority. Its population was 233 in the 2002 census.
 The House That Had Enough is a 1986 children's picture book written and illustrated by P.E King.
 John Isaac Cox (November 23 1855 – September 4 1946) was an American politician who served as Governor of Tennessee from 1905 to 1907. He was elevated to the position when Governor James B. Frazier resigned and as Speaker of the Tennessee Senate he was the first in the line of succession. He failed to win his party's nomination for a second term and returned to the state senate where he remained until 1911.
 While You Can is the first studio album from American Pop singer Lucy Woodward released in April 2003 on Atlantic Records. The standard version of the album contains 11 songs while the version of the album released in Japan contains two bonus tracks Vine To Vine and (There's Gotta Be) More To Life which in turn was later recorded by pop singer Stacie Orrico.
 Trichaetoides hosei is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of montane areas including lower montane forests.
 Gornji Rakani (Cyrillic: Горњи Ракани) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rose Cliff also known as Rose Cliff Fruit Farm is a historic home located at Waynesboro Virginia. It was built about 1850 and is a two-story three-bay Greek Revival style brick Shenandoah Valley farmhouse. It has a central passage/double-pile plan under a hipped roof. It was once the center of a thriving apple operation that lasted from the late-19th century until 1930.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Reading in the Dark is a novel written by Seamus Deane in 1996. The novel is set in Derry Northern Ireland and extends from February 1945 through July 1971. The book won the 1996 Guardian Fiction Prize and the 1996 South Bank Show Annual Award for Literature is a New York Times Notable Book won the Irish Times International Fiction Prize and the Irish Literature Prize in 1997 besides being shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1996. It has been translated into 20 languages.
 Oligokyphus was an advanced herbivorous cynodont of the late Triassic to early Jurassic periods. Originally considered to be an early mammal it is now classified as a stem-mammal because Oligokyphus does not have the mammalian jaw attachments and it retains a vestigial joint between the quadrate bone and the squamosal bone in the skull.
 Daphnella patula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Wutinoceratidae is a family of early actinocerids defined by Shimazu and Obata in 1938 for actinocerids with thick connecting rings and a complex irregular canal system.
 Nyskie Lake (Polish: Jezioro Nyskie or Jezioro Głębinowskie) is a reservoir constructed on Nysa Kłodzka river in Poland in 1971. Its name comes from the nearby town of Nysa. The dam that created the reservoir is 2 kilometer long and 20 meters high. Total area of the lake is 2000 hectares with 124 million cubic meters of water. Before creation of the reservoir several villages had been resettled. By the lake a hydroelectric power plant is located.
 Hungry is the debut album by German power metal band Brainstorm released in 1997.On March 23 2007 this album and Unholy were remastered by Achim Köhler and re-released by Century Media with six bonus tracks and a revised cover.
 The Diard's Trogon (Harpactes diardii) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Singapore and Thailand.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gorsyang is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3412 living in 637 individual households.
 The Vâna Roșie River is a tributary of the Timișul Mort River in Romania.
 The Maine Edge is a 17000 circulation free weekly lifestyle/cultural arts publication distributed by Edge Media Group in Bangor Maine.
 Jebel Hagar ez Zarqa is a mountain in Bir Tawil an area near the border between Egypt and Sudan and is said by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency to be in Egypt. It has an elevation of 662 m (2172 ft).
 Unbehagen is the second and last album by the Nina Hagen Band before the solo career of singer Nina Hagen. The German title translates to Discomfort but can be seen as a pun on the band name. Wenn ich ein Junge wär was recorded live in April 1979 at the Saarbrücken Congress Hall.
 The State House is the official residence and principal workplace of the President of Sierra Leone. The building is home to the official office of the President of Sierra Leone. Official receptions cabinet meeting meetings with visiting foreign heads of state and international delegations are held at the State House. The State House is located at State Avenue Tower Hill in central Freetown.
 DysEnchanted is a short subject about seven storybook characters: Cinderella Snow White Goldilocks Sleeping Beauty Alice In Wonderland Dorothy and Little Red Riding Hood. They are in group therapy dishing and dealing with what comes after happily ever after. When Clara a New Jersey divorcee joins the group she discovers that life is no fairy tale.Written and directed by Terri Miller DysEnchanted is only eight minutes long (six without credits).
 The Aron is a 105 km long river in central France. It is a right tributary of the Loire which it meets in Decize. It flows through the département Nièvre.
 Journal of Hand Surgery (European Volume) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Orthopedics and Surgery. The journal's Editor-in-Chief is Grey Giddins. It has been in publication since 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of British Society for Surgery of the Hand.
 The Grand Rivière de Jacmel is a river in Haiti. It is approximately 1.8 kilometers long.
 William Coutts Keppel 7th Earl of Albemarle KCMG PC (15 April 1832 – 28 August 1894) styled Viscount Bury between 1851 and 1891 was a British soldier and politician. He served in the British Army before entering parliament in 1857. Initially a Liberal he served as Treasurer of the Household between 1859 and 1866 in the Liberal administrations headed by Lord Palmerston and Lord Russell.
 Shaun Mark Spiers (born 23 April 1962) is the Chief Executive of the Campaign to Protect Rural England and a former Member of the European Parliament.
 Monkey Business (1952) is a screwball comedy film directed by Howard Hawks and written by Ben Hecht which stars Cary Grant Ginger Rogers Charles Coburn and Marilyn Monroe. To avoid confusion with the famous 1931 Marx Brothers movie of the same name this film is sometimes referred to as Howard Hawks' Monkey Business.
 Aarani Mantalu is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi. It was the first Tamil dubbed movie of Chiranjeevi dubbed by editor Mohan who is the well known producer and father of Jayam Ravi.
 The Bilca Tulbure River is a tributary of the Bilca River in Romania.
 It's Time is a 1962 album by jazz drummer Max Roach released on Impulse! Records and features trumpeter Richard Williams tenor-saxophonist Clifford Jordan trombonist Julian Priester pianist Mal Waldron bassist Art Davis and a vocal choir conducted by Coleridge-Taylor Perkinson. Singer Abbey Lincoln appears on Lonesome Lover.
 The Hinkle-Murphy House is a historic building in Minneapolis Minnesota in the United States. It was designed in 1886 as a private residence in the Colonial Revival style by William Channing Whitney (later to be the architect of the Minnesota Governor's Residence) and is considered to be the first Georgian Revival style house in Minnesota. The house was occupied successively by Minneapolis businessmen William H. Hinkle and William J.
 Eroica (released in some territories as Heroism) is a 1958 film by Andrzej Munk. It is composed of two separate stories each featuring the Polish concept of heroism and a role of a hero. A third segment Con Bravura utilizing Polish romantic legend and different in spirit from the first two segments was meant as the final part of the original film but although completed was ultimately cut by Munk from the final version.
 Gråborg is a castle in Öland Sweden.
 The Baker's Wife (French: La femme du boulanger) is a 1938 French comedy film directed by Marcel Pagnol. It is based on the novella Jean le Bleu by French author Jean Giono and became the basis of the American musical The Baker's Wife.
 The Derby Waterfront District in Salem Massachusetts encompasses a historically significant portion of the waterfront area of the city. It encompasses properties along Derby Street which parallels the waterfront eastward from the Salem Maritime National Historic Site to its junction with Fort Avenue and includes properties on the side streets between Derby and the waterfront.
 Derobrachus dohrni is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Lameere in 1911.
 Ziggurats is the 2007 album from Australian three-piece band The Beautiful Girls. It was released in May 2007 and features the single I Thought About You.
 Melamphaes microps is a fish of the genus Melamphaes found in the North Atlantic South Atlantic southern Indian Ocean and the south west Pacific including New Zealand at depths of from 1000 to 3000 m. Their length is up to 10 cm.
 The Del Rosario River is a river of Mexico.
 Fissurella costata common name : the costate keyhole limpet is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Before Tomorrow (French title Le jour avant le lendemain) is a Canadian drama film released in 2008. Directed by Marie-Hélène Cousineau and Madeline Ivalu the film is an adaptation of the novel Før Morgendagen by Danish writer Jørn Riel.
 Robert Kaliňák (born 11 May 1971) is a Slovak politician who has been the Minister of the Interior of Slovakia since 4 April 2012. He is a member of the Direction – Social Democracy. Kaliňák previously served as Minister of the Interior from 4 July 2006 to 8 July 2010.
 Pomagagnon is a mountain in the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2450 metres (8038 ft).
 The First Set is a live album by saxophonists Eddie Lockjaw Davis and Johnny Griffin recorded at Minton's Playhouse in 1961 and released on the Prestige label. The album was the second release from the recordings at Minton's after The Tenor Scene.
 Boldogtalanok is a Hungarian play written by Milán Füst.
 Vespers Rising is a part of The 39 Clues franchise which includes the 39 Clues books card packs and interactive online games. The book is a transition between the first series The 39 Clues and the second Cahills vs. Vespers. It was written by Rick Riordan Peter Lerangis Gordon Korman and Jude Watson. The book was released on April 5 2011. Unlike the other 10 books (with the exception of the last one) the title card shows a series of dots rather than a globe.
 Karl L. Keith is an American Democratic politician from Ohio currently living in Dayton Ohio while serving as the Montgomery County Auditor. He has a background in finance real estate and public service.
 Nathan the Wise (German: Nathan der Weise) is a 1922 German silent historical film directed by Manfred Noa and starring Fritz Greiner Carl de Vogt and Lia Eibenschütz. It is based on the 1779 play Nathan the Wise by Gotthold Ephraim Lessing. It was made by Bavaria Film at the Emelka Studios. The film provoked protests in Munich from far-right groups who felt it was too pro-Jewish.
 Lebina is a village in the municipality of Paraćin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 715 people.
 The Brown Jacamar (Brachygalba lugubris) is a species of bird in the Galbulidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 LaZuz (לזוז) is Hadag Nachash's second studio album. It was released in 2003 and features one of their most popular hits LaZuz (To Move).
 The West Ward School is a historic school at 39 Prospect Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. It is the only surviving Greek Revival schoolhouse (of four built) in the town. The two story wood frame building was built in 1847 and features a pedimented gable end corner pilasters and a projecting front entry.
 Nicrophorus tenuipes is a burying beetle described by Lewis in 1887.
 Space Opera is a novel by the American science fiction author Jack Vance first published in 1965 (New York: Pyramid Books).
 Enonvesi is a rather large lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the regions of Southern Savonia and Northern Savonia in Finland. It is a part of the Saimaa lake system.
 Rendezvous is a 1977 album by English folk rock singer-songwriter Sandy Denny and was her last release before her death.Sandy Denny and Trevor Lucas left Fairport Convention at the end of 1975 and Denny embarked on Rendezvous in the spring of 1976. Trevor Lucas produced the album with a contemporary rock sound designed to turn Denny into a mainstream act. The album is now generally thought to be overproduced with an excess of strings backing vocals and instrumental overdubs.
 Srock [srɔt͡sk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Moszczenica 16 km (10 mi) north of Piotrków Trybunalski and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 720.
 For the band see Space Invaders (Player One song).Player One: What Is to Become of Us is a book written by Douglas Coupland for the 2010 Massey Lectures. Each of the book's five chapters was delivered as a one hour lecture in a different Canadian city: Vancouver on October 12 Regina on October 14 Charlottetown on October 19 Ottawa on October 25 and ending in Toronto on October 29. The lectures were broadcast on CBC Radio One's Ideas November 8–12.
 Alberts Chapel is an unusual octagonal Methodist church located near the settlement of Sand Ridge West Virginia. Built in the Carpenter Gothic-style the simple sparingly ornamented church rises to an octagonal cupola with lancet windows and board-and-batten siding. The chapel was built in 1903 under the direction of Albert Poling by his uncle Charles Poling with materials provided by his brothers Asbury and Wesley.
 Cyborg is the title of a science fiction/secret agent novel by Martin Caidin which was first published in 1972. The novel also included elements of speculative fiction and was adapted as the television movie The Six Million Dollar Man which was followed by a weekly series and also inspired a spin-off The Bionic Woman.
 Heaven Lake (천지 (Ch'ŏnji or Cheonji) in Korean; 天池 (Tiānchí) in Chinese) is a crater lake on the border between China and North Korea. It lies within a caldera atop the volcanic Baekdu Mountain a part of the Baekdudaegan mountain range and the Changbai mountain range. It is located partly in Ryanggang Province North Korea at 42.006°N 128.057°E﻿ / 42.006; 128.057 and partly in Jilin Province northeastern China.
 Chah-e Qabri (Persian: چاه قبري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Qabrī and Chāh Qabrī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 14 families.
 A Right to Die is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by the Viking Press in 1964.
 The Șuica River is a tributary of the Negrişoara River in Romania.
 The smoothtooth blacktip shark (Carcharhinus leiodon) is a species of requiem shark family Carcharhinidae. It is known only from the type specimen caught from the Gulf of Aden off eastern Yemen and a handful of additional specimens caught from Persian Gulf off Kuwait. Reaching 1.2 m (3.9 ft) in length this species has a stocky greenish-colored body a short snout and black-tipped fins.
 Dirt is the third studio album by Canadian country music artist Dean Brody. It was released on April 24 2012 via Open Road Recordings under the production of Matt Rovey. Its first single Canadian Girls peaked at number 36 on the Canadian Hot 100 in February 2012.Dirt was nominated for Country Album of the Year at the 2013 Juno Awards.
 İnceboğaz is a village in the Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 Garfield is a 2004 American live-action film directed by Peter Hewitt based on the Jim Davis comic strip of the same name. It stars Breckin Meyer as Jon Arbuckle Jennifer Love Hewitt as Dr. Liz Wilson and features Bill Murray as the voice of Garfield. Garfield the cat was created with computer-generated imagery though all other animals were real. The film was produced by Davis Entertainment and 20th Century Fox.
 Sacred Heart Cathedral is a former cathedral church located in Amarillo Texas United States. It was the seat of the Diocese of Amarillo from 1927 to 1975.
 Sir John Joseph McGrath KNZM QC (born 10 March 1945) is a Judge of the Supreme Court of New Zealand. He was formerly the Solicitor-General of New Zealand for eleven years from 1989 before being made a judge of the Court of Appeal of New Zealand in 2000. He was elevated to the Supreme Court in 2005.
 Kimpusen-ji (金峯山寺 Kinpusen-ji) is the head temple of a branch of the Shugendō religion called Kimpusen-Shugendō in Yoshino district Nara prefecture Japan. According to tradition it was founded by En no Ozunu who propagated a form of mountain asceticism drawing from Shintō and Buddhist beliefs.The temple's main building Zaō-Hall (Zaōdō) is the second largest wooden structure in Japan right after the Great-Buddha-Hall (daibutsuden) at Tōdai-ji in Nara.
 Cypraecassis is a genus of medium-sized to large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cassidae.
 Rebelové (international title: Rebels) is a 2001 Czech musical film.
 Vellathuval is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Cerro Colorado is a stratovolcano that lies in northern Chile about 7 km (4 mi) west of the border with Bolivia and approximately the same distance southwest of the Putana Volcano. Cerro Colorado is located immediately west of Cerro Curiquinca and northwest of volcán Escalante (El Apagado); all three mountains are considered to be part of the Sairecabur volcanic group.
 Hiievälja is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Jalia is a small village in the Amreli District of Gujarat India. It is located 22 kilometers (14 mi) from Amreli. The majority population of the village are Patels Nearby attractions are Bhurakhiya Hanuman Mandir and Khodiyar Mandir. In Jalia there are two Banks First one is State Bank of India and Second one is Amreli District Central Co-operative Bank. Primary helth centre School and Highschool is there since long.
 Deco Vs. Deco is the second DVD released by the Japanese rock band Maximum the Hormone on March 19 2008. The DVD contains live performances music videos and more extras. The RIAJ certified the DVD Gold selling more than 100000 copies.
 Altenia scriptella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from most of Europe to the Volga region Turkey and the Caucasus.The wingspan is 10–15 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Acer campestris. They in a folded leaf of their host plant. The species overwinters in the pupal stage.
 Belocephalus sleighti is a species of insect in family Tettigoniidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Laurentaeglyphea neocaledonica is a species of glypheoid lobster and the only species in the genus Laurentaeglyphea. It is known from a single specimen collected on a guyot in the Coral Sea between Australia and New Caledonia. It is thought to be an active predator with colour vision unlike its nearest living relative Neoglyphea inopinata.
 Atomic Chili: The Illustrated Joe R. Lansdale by Lansdale et al. (Klaw ed.) (Mojo Press 1998) is a collection of previously written stories by Joe R. Lansdale adapted into comic book form by assorted artists and writers. The book was designed by John Picacio and featured a cover by Dave Dorman.
 Actizera is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. They are found in the Afrotropic ecozone.
 Eupithecia kozhantschikovi is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Russia.
 Rissi Palmer is the self-titled debut album from country music singer Rissi Palmer issued on 1720 Entertainment. It debuted at #56 on the Top Country Albums chart in addition to peaking at #16 on the Top Heatseekers and #41 in the Indie charts. The album's two singles Country Girl and Hold on to Me both charted on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
 Horror Stories is the debut album released by garage punk band Dwarves. It was released in June 1986 on the Voxx label in the US and was stylistically similar to their earlier Sonics/Frank Zappa-inspired output under the name The Suburban Nightmare.The album was issued on compact disc in the UK in 1990 and again in 1992.
 The Marriage Bond is a 1932 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Mary Newcomb Guy Newall and Stewart Rome. A drunken man is left by his wife but she later comes back to him when she realises how desperate he is. It was made by Twickenham Film Studios.
 Adieu l’ami (Farewell friend) is a 1968 French-Italian film directed by Jean Herman; producer Serge Silberman screenplay by Sebastien Japrisot. The film was released in the United States in 1973 under the title Honor Among Thieves that version of which is available on DVD from Lionsgate.
 Randolph Daniel Moss (born 1961) is a Washington D.C. attorney in private practice and is a nominee to be a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
 Loch Achray is a small freshwater loch 11 kilometres west of Callander in Stirling district Scotland.The loch lies between Loch Katrine and Loch Venachar in the heart of the Trossachs and has an average depth of 11 metres. The south side of the loch is wooded and well served by woodland tracks and forest roads. The loch is popular with anglers who fish for brown trout.
 That Stranger (Polish: Ten obcy) is a novel by the Polish author Irena Jurgielewiczowa published in 1961. It is an obligatory reading in year 6 in Polish primary schools. That Stranger had been translated into 23 languages.The novel was placed on the Honour List at the 1964 Hans Christian Andersen Awards.Major characters of this novel appear in another book by Irena Jurgielewiczowa entitled Inna?(Another?) (1975). A feature film had been created on the basis of Inna?.
 A Darkness at Sethanon is the third and final book in The Riftwar Saga. It describes how Murmandamus a new prince of the Dark Brotherhood marshals the forces of the Moredhel and invades the kingdom with the intent of finding the Lifestone a powerful relic with which he will be able to destroy every living thing in the world so as to resurrect the Valheru Lords of old. Only Pug and Tomas can stop this new evil thereby ending the Riftwar.
 Transfiguration of Vincent released in 2003 is the third studio album by singer-songwriter M. Ward. The title alludes to the 1965 album The Transfiguration of Blind Joe Death by John Fahey and refers to the life and death of Vincent O'Brien a close friend to Ward.
 The Whitesand River is a river in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada part of the Hewitson River system. Another river in Thunder Bay District with the same name Whitesand River (Lake Nipigon) lies further northwest and flows into Lake Nipigon.
 Halair Lake is a lake in Hanoi Vietnam located next to Nguyễn Du Street which used to be named Rue Halais under the French (1888-1945) hence the name Halais. According to Vietnamese sources it should be spelled Halais Lake the French name for the lake called Hồ Thiền Quang in Vietnamese.
 Çamlıca is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Brian Meyer is an American lawyer and politician from the state of Iowa. A member of the Democratic Party Meyer serves in the Iowa House of Representatives representing the 33rd district. He previously served on the Des Moines Iowa City Council.
 Barbie of Swan Lake is a 2003 direct-to-DVD Barbie movie directed by Owen Hurley. It is the third computer animated movie of Barbie film series and the second film based on Tchaikovsky's ballet. Barbie and Odette are voiced by Kelly Sheridan. The story is an adaptation from Swan Lake.
 Old Sycamore Hospital is two-story brick structure in downtown Sycamore Illinois United States. It is a contributing structure within the Sycamore Historic District. The district was established when it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The hospital building is located at the corner of Elm and Somonauk Streets in Sycamore.
 To N.Y. is the first studio album from the a cappella group Rockapella. The album featured covers of Japanese pop songs sung in English.
 Plain Dealing is a historic home located near Keene Albemarle County Virginia. It is an H-shaped dwelling consisting of a two-story main block and a parallel 1 1/2-story rear wing connected by a two-story hyphen. The two-story main section was built about 1787 and the 1 1/2-story wing may predate it. The front facade is five bays wide and features an original tetrastyle porch supported on Doric order piers.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Believer is an American literary magazine that also covers other arts and general culture. Founded and designed in 2003 by the writer and publisher Dave Eggers it is edited by Vendela Vida Heidi Julavits and Ed Park. It is published in San Francisco nine times a year.
 Laurentowo [laurɛnˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Metropolis – The Grandmaster Recordings is an album by Norwegian rock band Seigmen. It is the English-language version of the album Metropolis. The album came in three editions. One in a jewel case one a digipack with poster and one vinyl.
 Phalonidia assector is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Caloptilia mandschurica is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from China Japan (Hokkaidō Honshū) Korea and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 10.2-12.5 mm.The larvae feed on Castanea crenata Quercus acutissima Quercus crispula Quercus dentata Quercus mongolica and Quercus serrata. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Euroscaptor is a genus of mammal in the Talpidae family. Members are found in China Japan and other countries of South and Southeast Asia.It contains the following eight species to date: Greater Chinese Mole (Euroscaptor grandis) Kloss's Mole (Euroscaptor klossi) Long-nosed Mole (Euroscaptor longirostris) Malaysian Mole (Euroscaptor malayana) Himalayan Mole (Euroscaptor micrura) Japanese Mountain Mole (Euroscaptor mizura) Small-toothed Mole (Euroscaptor parvidens) Euroscaptor subanura ↑ ↑
 Aksel Vilhelmsson Johannesen (born 8 November 1972 in Klaksvík) is a Faroese lawyer and politician for the Social Democratic Party (Javnaðarflokkurin).At the Faroese general election 2008 Aksel Johannesen was the party's 1st suppleant to the Løgting and sometimes he took seat in the parliament especially for Andrias Petersen. He became minister of health on 16 July 2009 when John Johannessen said no thanks to become minister after Hans Pauli Strøm.
 The James Jay H. Byrd Jr. Unit (DU) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice prison for men located in Huntsville Texas. The 93 acres (38 ha) diagnostic unit established in May 1964 is 1 mile (1.6 km) north of Downtown Huntsville on Farm to Market Road 247. The prison was named after James H. Byrd a former prison warden.[citation needed]The facility is the TDCJ's primary prisoner intake facility in Huntsville.
 The Appanoose County Courthouse is located in the center of the Courthouse Square Historic District in the county seat of Centerville Iowa. The architects were Smith and Gage of Des Moines Iowa. In February 1903 the contract exclusive of heating and plumbing was awarded to William Peatman the amount of his bid being $69900. The cornerstone was laid on May 21 1903. The courthouse was dedicated on September 12 1904 and rededicated in a festive ceremony on September 12 2004.
 Shekou Momodou Touray (born 22 September 1945) is a Sierra Leonean diplomat who served as the Permanent Representative of Sierra Leone to the United Nations.He was educated at Fourah Bay College Sierra Leone and at King's College London graduating with an LLB. A legal practitioner he previously served as a Barrister and Solicitor of the High Court of Sierra Leone.
 Resolution is a 2006 album by instrumental rock solo artist Andy Timmons.
 The Grosshorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It is situated in the middle of the Lauterbrunnen Wall.
 The Many Moods of Bobby Vinton is a 2-LP collection of previously recorded songs by Bobby Vinton. Each LP consists of ten songs. The first LP consists of songs that refer to colors while the second LP consists of those that refer to loneliness (exactly like his album Bobby Vinton Sings for Lonely Nights). The track Oh Lonesome Me features Vinton not on vocals but on saxophone.
 The Day Time Ended is an independent science fiction film released in 1980. The film starred Jim Davis Christopher Mitchum and Dorothy Malone and was directed by John 'Bud' Carlos. It was nominated for the Saturn Award for best supporting actress Marcy Lafferty.The film was originally titled Earth's Final Fury; this was changed to Vortex which was considered more likely to sell tickets. The final title became The Day Time Ended for unknown reasons. The film is 80 minutes long.
 The Monte Mutria is a mountain in the Matese mountain range part of the central-southern Apennines southern Italy. Having an altitude of 1822 m it is located in the eastern part of the massif on the boundary betwwwen Molise and Campania.Its peak commands the valleys of the rivers Tammaro easthwards Calore Irpino southwards Volturno westwards and the both the Tyrrhennian and the Adriatic Seas are visibile from it.
 Gornja Lomnica is a settlement of Velika Gorica which is part of the Zagreb metropolitan area Croatia. The population is 582 (census 2011).The local nickname for the settlement which is given by the last ruler (Lord Meštić) is Meštrica (Meshtrica).Gornja Lomnica is a suburban settlement located a few kilometers southeast of the capital city of Croatia Zagreb and Velika Gorica to the west.
 Qachu Quta (Aymara qachu female quta lake female lake hispanicized spelling Cacho Kkota) or Llachu Quta (Aymara llachu seaweed seaweed lake hispanicized Llacho Kkota) is a Bolivian lake on the west side of the Apolobamba mountain range. It is situated in the La Paz Department Bautista Saavedra Province Charasani Municipality Charasani Canton north west of Charasani south east of the larger lake Janq'u Qala and east of the small lake Ch'uxña Quta.
 Pinas is a published weekly by the Sonshine Media Network International located at 3rd floor ACQ Tower Building Sta. Rita Street EDSA Guadalupe Nuevo Makati City.It has been reformatted by Tagalog version of Pinas newspaper since March 2006.PINAS The Filipino’s Global Newspaper is a Tagalog weekly newspaper about Filipino life society government and community that seeks to deliver alternative reading to the greater number of Filipinos worldwide.
 Indre Bråkdalshøe is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 QV.1 is a 40-storey modernist skyscraper in Perth Western Australia. Completed in 1991 the 163-metre (535 ft) building is the fourth-tallest building in Perth after Central Park the BHP Tower and the BankWest Tower. The project was designed by architect Harry Seidler and has won numerous awards for its innovative design and energy efficiency.
 Gábor Ugron de Ábránfalva the Younger (8 January 1880 – 27 October 1960) was a Hungarian politician a member of one of the oldest noble families of Transylvania who served as Interior Minister between 1917 and 1918. After the First World War he organized the Szekler National Council. His father was the parliamentarian representative Gábor Ugron.
 Africa Week is a weekly magazine that covers African affairs.
 Rama II is a novel by Gentry Lee and Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1989. It recounts humankind's further interaction with the Ramans first introduced in Rendezvous with Rama.
 Phigalia (moth) redirects here. The elachistid moth genus invalidly named thus by Chambers in 1880 is considered a junior synonym of Elachista.Apocheima is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 History of the Eagles is a 2013 two-part authorized documentary about the Eagles directed by Alison Ellwood and co-produced by Alex Gibney. After screening at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival in January it aired on Showtime in February and was released in April on DVD and Blu-ray Disc with a third disc containing eight songs from the band's performance at the Capital Centre in March 1977.
 Monique Richard (born December 12 1947) is a Quebec politician. She is a member of the National Assembly of Quebec representing the district of Marguerite-D'Youville. She was elected in the 2008 provincial election. She is a member of the Parti Québécois and served as president of that party from 2005 to 2008.She is a former labour union leader of the Centrale des syndicats du Québec.
 Littles Peak (10712 feet (3265 m) is located in the Teton Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is on the border of Grand Teton National Park and the Jedediah Smith Wilderness of Caribou-Targhee National Forest. Littles Peak is at the western end of Leigh Canyon.
 Baga Bogd (Mongolian: Бага Богд lit. lesser saint) is a mountain of the Gobi-Altai Mountains and located in the Övörkhangai Province in Mongolia. Its highest peak Myangan Yamaat has an elevation of 3600 metres (11811 ft).
 Fast Company is a 1953 comedy film directed by American filmmaker John Sturges.
 The W. C. Record House also known as Roberts House located at 146 W. 2nd St. in Winnemucca Nevada United States was built in 1874 in a vernacular Gothic Revival style. It has a gingerbread vergeboard. It was expanded in 1879 and additionally modified during 1886-1899. It is named for its first owner W.C. Record who was a businessman in lumber and building.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Fläschenspitz is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located south of Studen in the canton of Schwyz. It lies between the valley of the Sihl and the Klöntal.
 Marquis De LaFayette Funk commonly known as Lafayette Funk was an American politician and rancher from Illinois. A son of Isaac Funk Funk graduated from Ohio Wesleyan University and helped manage his father's farm. When his father died Funk managed the his inheritance. Funk was elected to the Illinois House of Representatives in 1882 then filled Joseph W. Fifer's seat in the Illinois Senate the following year. He was re-elected to the senate in 1886.
 Big Blind Bluesy is an album by American guitarist Pat Donohue released in 1989. It was reissued in 1994 and again in 2007.
 Tricolia pullus is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae.
 Oreta pavaca is a species of moth of the Drepanidae family. It is found in China and India.
 The Brandberg (Damara: Dâures; Otjiherero: Omukuruvaro) is Namibia's highest mountain.
 Son of the Bride (Spanish: El hijo de la novia) is a 2001 Argentine comedy drama film directed by Juan José Campanella and written by Campanella and Fernando Castets. The executive producers were Juan Vera and Juan Pablo Galli and it was produced by Adrián Suar. It stars Ricardo Darín Héctor Alterio Norma Aleandro Eduardo Blanco and Natalia Verbeke.The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Two Hearts is the third and the last studio album by Australian band Men at Work released in 1985. It is currently out of print. Drummer Jerry Speiser and bassist John Rees left the band prior to the album's production while guitarist Ron Strykert quit the band during recording sessions.
 Her Best Move is a 2007 film. It tells the story of a 15-year-old soccer prodigy named Sara Davis who has a chance to join the U.S. National Team. At the same time she must juggle high school romance sports and parental pressure.
 A Casa is a theatrical comedy in two acts written by Miguel M. Abrahão in 1978 and published first in 1983 in Brazil.
 Taneyville is a village in Taney County Missouri United States. The population was 396 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Branson Missouri Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 The Wedding Guest is a 1916 American silent drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 The Jersey County Courthouse located on the Public Square in Jerseyville is Jersey County Illinois' county courthouse. Built in 1893–94 the courthouse was the third used by the county since its formation in 1839. Architect Henry Elliott designed the building in the Romanesque Revival style. The building's design features a tall central tower topped by an octagonal cupola terminal towers at the front corners and a raised front porch.
 Ground skink redirects here. If referring to a particular species it usually means Scincella lateralis.Scincella is a genus of lizards in the skink family Scincidae commonly referred to as ground skinks. The exact number of species in the genus is unclear as taxonomic reclassification is ongoing and sources vary widely. Scincella species primarily range throughout the temperate regions of the world and are typically small fossorial lizards which consume a wide variety of arthropods.
 Halocaridina rubra is a small red shrimp of the family Atyidae with the common Hawaiian name ʻōpaeʻula (meaning red shrimp).
 Nue Au Soleil (Completement) is a compilation of songs by Manchester post-punk band Ludus released on Interior Music in 1987. The compilation was originally due for release in 1986 on Crepuscule. Original title was Let Me Go Where My Pictures Go. Morrissey a huge fan of the band wrote the sleevenote in October 1985 which because of album's cancellation was never used. Sleeve features the original artwork as designed by Benoit Hennebert in 1986 for the Crepuscule edition.
 Dolmen Music is an album by American composer and vocalist Meredith Monk recorded in 1980-81 and released on the ECM New Series label.Hip hop artist DJ Shadow sampled Dolmen Music on the track Midnight in a Perfect World from the Endtroducing..... album in 1995.
 The Trouble with Harry is a 1955 American film an offbeat comedy or black comedy directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The film was based on the 1950 novel of the same name by Jack Trevor Story. The Trouble with Harry was released in the United States on October 3 1955 then rereleased in 1984 once the distribution rights had been acquired by Universal Pictures.
 Poppaea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Koča pri Triglavskih jezerih (1685m) is a mountain hut between lake Dvojno jezero and artificial lake Močivec under Tičarica in the heart of Julian Alps. First hut was built in 1880 by Austrian hiking club. In 1955 and 1988 it was rebuilt and expanded. It has four dining rooms with 150 seats 13 rooms with 30 beds and 13 bigger sleeping rooms with 170 bunks. Hut is open from the end of June till start of October
 John E. Huffman (born in 1957 in Missouri) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Oregon House of Representatives representing District 59 since his appointment August 27 2007 to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of John Dallum.
 Eagle Peak is a mountain in Catron County western New Mexico United States near the town of Reserve. The summit is the highest point in the Tularosa Mountains.
 Judith Hart Baroness Hart of South Lanark DBE PC (née Ridehalgh; 18 September 1924 – 8 December 1991) was a British Labour Party politician. She served as a government minister during the 1960s and 1970s before entering the House of Lords in 1988.
 The second Taliaferro County Courthouse is an historic courthouse building located in Crawfordville Georgia. Designed by Lewis F. Goodrich in the High Victorian style it was built in 1901-1902 by J.H. McKenzie & Son on the site of the first Taliaferro County Courthouse (1828) which had been demolished to make way for it.On September 18 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Stanowice [stanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Strzegom 11 km (7 mi) north of Świdnica and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 1200.
 Triphyllozoon inornatum is a species of bryozoa in the family Phidoloporidae.
 Bridgman is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies in the northern hemisphere to the northwest of the crater Kurchatov. To the west-southwest is the old formation Becquerel and eastward are the craters Pawsey and Wiener.The prominent outer wall of Bridgman is only somewhat worn and retains much of its original detail including traces of terrace structures and slumping.
 The Wedding Gig is a short story by Stephen King first published in Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine in 1980 and collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew.
 Nebria kratteri pindica is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Albania Greece Italy and Republic of Macedonia.
 The Map-winged Swift (Pharmacis fusconebulosa) is a moth belonging to the family Hepialidae. It has a patchy distribution throughout Eurasia. It was previously placed in the genus Hepialus and some references still place it there.This moth gets its common name from the variegated pattern of the forewing in various shades of black brown and white which look rather like a map (although there are plainer forms).
 Bicentennial Nigger is a comedy album by the American comedian Richard Pryor. David Banks produced the album while Warner Bros. Records released the album on a cassette tape in September 1976. It is often considered one of his most influential recordings. The CD version of the album was released on 20 June 1989.
 Rabun is a 2003 Malaysian drama film directed by Yasmin Ahmad. It tells a story about a free-spirited older couple Pak Atan and Mak Inom who decide to spend more time in the country after getting tired of city life. But they find that life in the old village isn't a good thing when they get cheated by a distant relative Yem out of some money. They cut him off and Yem plots revenge. Meanwhile in the city the couple's daughter Orked is being wooed by a young gentleman Yasin.
 Charles John Lyttelton 10th Viscount Cobham KG GCMG GCVO TD PC DL (8 August 1909 – 20 March 1977) was the ninth Governor-General of New Zealand and an English cricketer.
 St Lawrence's Church Appleby is in Boroughgate Appleby-in-Westmorland Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Appleby the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of six local churches to form the benefice of Heart of Eden. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Triprion petasatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Belize Guatemala Honduras and Mexico. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests moist savanna freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens heavily degraded former forests aquaculture ponds and canals and ditches.
 St. Raphael the Archangel Church is a former Roman Catholic parish church in the Outremont neighborhood of Montreal Quebec Canada. The St. Raphael the Archangel Church Parish was founded in 1930 for the English-speaking Catholic community of Outremont under the Archdiocese of Montreal. In 1932 the parish built a small gothic revival church with the same name as the Parish.
 20th Century Boys (20世紀少年 Nijūseiki Shōnen) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoki Urasawa. It was originally serialized in Big Comic Spirits from 1999 to 2006 with the 249 chapters published into 22 tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan. In January 2007 a sequel titled 21st Century Boys (21世紀少年 Nijūisseiki Shōnen) ran until July for 16 chapters which were gathered into 2 tankōban.
 Anhimella is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The John B. Stetson House (known locally as the Stetson Mansion) is a historic home in DeLand Florida United States. It is located at 1031 Camphor Lane. The house was designed by popular Philadelphia architect George T. Pearson in 1886. Pearson also designed several buildings for Mr. Stetson on the Stetson University campus as well as the Stetson factory buildings in North Philadelphia. On November 21 1978 it was added to the U.S.
 Madman's Island is a 1927 novel by Ion Idriess set in northern Australia. It was Idriess' first novel.It was republished in 1938.
 Eagle Newspapers is composed of 7 community newspapers and several niche publications serving Syracuse New York and Central New York.
 Passion is a 2012 French-German-Spanish-British erotic thriller film co-written and directed by Brian De Palma starring Rachel McAdams and Noomi Rapace. It is the English-language remake of Alain Corneau's 2010 thriller film Love Crime but with the ending greatly altered. The film is an international co-production between France Germany Spain and the United Kingdom.The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival.
 This Land Is Mine is a 1943 American war drama film directed by Jean Renoir and starring Charles Laughton Maureen O'Hara and George Sanders. The film is set in an unspecified Nazi-occupied European country. Laughton plays Albert Lory a cowardly school teacher in a small village somewhere in Europe (according to the film's opening title card) who is drawn into the actions of the Resistance through his love of his country and fellow schoolteacher Louise Martin portrayed by O'Hara.
 Dhamaura is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9221 people living in 1712 individual households.
 The Kashmir white-toothed shrew (Crocidura pullata) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in India and Pakistan.
 Yamauchi Kazutoyo (山内 一豊 （やまうち かつとよ）) also spelled Yamanouchi (1545/1546? – November 1 1605) was born the son of Yamanouchi Moritoyo in Owari Province at the end of the Sengoku period of Japan. Kazutoyo held the title of Tosa no kami.Kazutoyo built Kōchi Castle.
 The Figueiredo River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Jaguaribe River.
 The Philippine warty pig Sus philippensis is one of four known pig species endemic to the Philippines. The other three endemic species are the Visayan warty pig (S. cebifrons) Mindoro warty pig (S. oliveri) and the Palawan bearded pig (S. ahoenobarbus) also being rare members of the Suidae family. Philippine warty pigs have two pairs of warts with a tuft of hair extending outwards from the warts closest to the jaw.
 Babelomurex macrocephalus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Little Goose Creek is a creek originating on the east slope of the Big Horn Mountains in north-central Wyoming.
 The Defense & Foreign Affairs Handbook on Azerbaijan is a comprehensive guide to Azerbaijan and its strategic partnership with the West detailing key aspects of the country’s history infrastructure government defense and security structures foreign policy apparatus economy and social structures as well as the big economic growth through 2005-2007 and its impact on the nation’s defense and national security structures.
 The Tinée is a river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. Its source is on the east side of the Col de la Bonette in the Maritime Alps. It flows through Saint-Étienne-de-Tinée Isola and Saint-Sauveur-sur-Tinée and it flows into the Var near Utelle.
 Katharine Chang (Chinese: 張小月; pinyin: Zhāng Xiǎoyuè) is a diplomat in the Republic of China (ROC). She currently serves as the ROC representative to Australia since December 2011.
 The Way of Shadows is a 2008 fantasy novel written by Brent Weeks and is the first novel in The Night Angel Trilogy.
 Roberta Alma Anastase (Romanian pronunciation: [roˈberta anasˈtase]; born 27 March 1976 in Ploieşti) is a Romanian politician and former first female Speaker of the Chamber of Deputies of Romania between 19 December 2008 and 3 July 2012.She is a member of the Democratic Liberal Party affiliated to the European People's Party–European Democrats and became an MEP on 1 January 2007 with the accession of Romania to the European Union.
 Nabil Talhouni is a Jordanian diplomat who has served as an Ambassador to a number of countries around the world.
 The Eagle and Child is a pub in St Giles' Oxford England which is owned by St. John's College Oxford. The pub had been part of an endowment belonging to University College since the 17th century. It has associations with the Inklings writers' group which included J. R. R. Tolkien and C. S. Lewis.
 Yaaro Ezhuthiya Kavithai is a 1986 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by C. V. Sridhar starring Sivakumar Jayashree in lead roles.
 Open is the fourth studio album released by the hard rock band Gotthard.The album peaked at #1 on the Swiss Charts and was certified as 2x Platinum for exceeding 60000 sales.
 Margan-e Azizabad (Persian: مرگن عزيزاباد‎ also Romanized as Margan-e ‘Azīzābād) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District Qarah Quyun District Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 696 in 154 families.
 Hatefilled Vengeance is an EP by goregrind band Regurgitate released in 2002 by Relapse Records. It contains some previously released tracks along with previously unreleased tracks. All previously released tracks were re-recorded for this EP. Tracks 1 - 8 are from Effortless Regurgitation of Bright Red Blood and tracks 9 and 10 are from the Concrete Human Torture demo.
 The General James Mitchell Varnum House is an historic house at 57 Peirce Street in East Greenwich Rhode Island.The house was built in 1773 for American Revolution General James Mitchell Varnum. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Rhadinocentrus ornatus the Ornate Rainbowfish is a species of rainbowfish endemic to Australia. This species grows to a length of 6 centimetres (2.4 in) SL. It is the only known member of its genus.
 White Hall Plantation House is an 1840s Italinate and Greek Revival home attributed to the architect Henry Howard and built in 1848–49 by Elias Norwood. It is located in Legonier a hamlet on the east bank of the Atchafalaya River and a part of the unincorporated town of Lettsworth Louisiana today. White Hall's most notable owner was Bennet Barton Simmes founder of Simmesport State Senator and contributor to the Louisiana articles of secession prior to the Civil War.
 The Worry Trap: How to Free Yourself from Worry & Anxiety Using Acceptance & Commitment Therapy is a self-help book written by Chad LeJeune Ph.D. in 2007.
 Hendabad (Persian: هنداباد‎ also Romanized as Hendābād) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 428 in 68 families.
 Thompson Farm also known as the Pierson Farm is a historic home and farm located in London Britain Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It has five contributing buildings. They are a brick farmhouse a stone and frame bank barn (c. 1800) frame outhouse chicken house and corn crib. The farmhouse was built in 1833 and expanded in 1857.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The New York State Executive Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of New York. Located at 138 Eagle Street in Albany New York it has housed 31 governors and their families. The Italianate building was constructed in 1856 as a banker's private home. Samuel Tilden became the first governor to reside in the house in 1875 and the state purchased it two years later. Over the years various governors have affected the residence.
 Razi (Persian: رازي‎ also Romanized as Rāzī) is a village in Qatur Rural District Qatur District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 753 in 129 families.
 The Purple Skimmer (Libellula jesseana) is a dragonfly of the skimmer family. It is endemic to Florida in the United States.This dragonfly is about 5 centimeters long. The male is pruinescent blue with orange wings. The female is identical to Libellula auripennis. The flight season is mid-April through mid-September.This species is limited to ten counties in the panhandle and northern peninsula of Florida. There is a protected population at Gold Head Branch State Park in Clay County.
 Mungarina Minchu (Kannada: ಮುಂಗಾರಿನ ಮಿಂಚು) is a 1997 Indian Kannada language film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu starring Ramesh Arvind and Shilpa. The film is inspired from the Italian film Quattro passi fra le nuvole (Four Steps in the Clouds). The music for the film was composed by V. Manohar.The film was awarded the Best Feature Film in Kannada at the 45th National Film Awards .
 Agon is a newspaper published in Albania and based in Tirana. The paper was launched in 2007 as a free daily being the first in its category.
 Richard Anderson Falk (born November 13 1930) is an American professor emeritus of international law at Princeton University and has been described as 'a critical analyst of the role of international law in global politics'.
 Tur Gir (Persian: طورگير‎ also Romanized as Ţūr Gīr and Tūr Gīr; also known as Qal‘eh Tūr Gīr) is a village in Sang Sefid Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 918 in 232 families.
 Bolbena assimilis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bolbena in the order Mantodea.
 Zellerminia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dölekçayır Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Romanówka [rɔmaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Lormong Lo (1959-2011) was the first Hmong American to be appointed to a city council in the U.S in 1994 to manage the largest metropolitan city (Omaha—480000 people) of a state like Nebraska. He was re-elected in June 1997 to a second full-term from 1997 until June 2001.In June 1997 Lo is the first Hmong ever to become president of a city council in the U.S. Omaha City Council who presided over the official meetings of the council.
 Timothy 'Tim' P. Begalka (born February 19 1960 in Clear Lake South Dakota) is an American politician and a Republican member of the South Dakota Senate representing District 4 since January 11 2011. Begalka served non-consecutively in the South Dakota Legislature from January 2001 until January 2005 in the South Dakota House of Representatives District 4 seat.
 Zinda Dil is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Sikandar Khanna.
 Aphids also known as plant lice and in Britain and the Commonwealth as greenflies blackflies or whiteflies (not to be confused with jumping plant lice or true whiteflies) are small sap-sucking insects and members of the superfamily Aphidoidea. Aphids are among the most destructive insect pests on cultivated plants in temperate regions.
 The William V. N. Barlow House is on South Clinton Street in Albion New York United States. It is a brick building erected in the 1870s in an eclectic mix of contemporary architectural styles including Second Empire Italianate and Queen Anne. Its interior features highly intricate Eastlake style woodwork.It was the home of a prominent local architect who designed many major buildings in Albion.
 Richard Chamberlain Sings is the first album released by actor Richard Chamberlain. It would prove his most popular spawning several hit singles. The album was an attempt to expand his career and capitalize on the great popularity of Chamberlain's television series Dr. Kildare. Love Me Tender was released as a single and reached no. 21 on the Billboard Pop singles chart in 1962.
 St. Patrick's Church Patrington is a parish church in the Church of England located in Patrington East Riding of Yorkshire England. The church is a Grade I listed building.
 Samaya Hathare Dori (Oriya: ସମୟ ହାତେର େଡାରୀ) is a 2007 Indian Oriya film directed by Amulya Das.
 Arca is a genus of saltwater clams in the family Arcidae the ark clams.
 Bathycrinicola macrapex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 The Gemuuma River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Lame-Smith House and the Sydney and Gertrude Smith Barn also known as James Alexander Smith and Elmarion Smith Barn and Lame-Smith House date back to 1864. Under the latter name for the combination they were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Light of Day is a 1987 American drama film starring Michael J. Fox Gena Rowlands and Joan Jett. It was written and directed by Paul Schrader. The original music score was composed by Thomas Newman and the cinematography is by John Bailey. So far this is Paul Schrader's only film to have a PG-13 rating by the MPAA.
 Niseko Taisetsu is a residential building that is planned for Kutchan Hokkaidō Japan.
 Notascea brevispinula is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is known only from Rio de Janeiro and Tijaca in Brazil.
 X to Y is a 2009 short film written and directed by Matt Sobel and shot on location in White Sands New Mexico.
 Roberts-Quay House also known as the Philadelphia Dance Academy is a historic home located in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1850 and expanded in 1889 1906 1921 and 1928. The original section measures 47 feet by 51 feet and is a four-story building with a brownstone face and sides of stucco scored as brownstone. It has a basement attic and cupola and is in a Renaissance Revival style.
 Eupithecia mortua is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Starslayer: The Log of the Jolly Roger was an American comic book series created by Mike Grell.
 Lamé is a lunar impact crater located astride the northeast rim of the crater Langrenus to the east of Mare Fecunditatis. The eastern crater rim appears overlaid by a series of overlapping craters that form an intermittent chain flowing nearly a hundred kilometers to the south. The crater rim protrudes only slightly above the surrounding terrain but it has a significant rampart where the rim lies within Vendelinus.
 William Frederic Kay PC (May 18 1876 – May 8 1942) was a Canadian politician.Born in Montreal Quebec he was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons representing the Quebec riding of Missisquoi in the 1911 federal election. A Liberal he was re-elected in 1917 1921 1925 and 1926. In June 1930 he was appointed a Minister without Portfolio in the cabinet of MacKenzie King. He was defeated in the July 1930 federal election.
 The Joseph Dessert Library at 123 Main St. in Mosinee Wisconsin was built in 1928. It was designed by architect Alexander C. Eschweiler. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It is part of the Marathon County Public Library and a member of the Wisconsin Valley Library Service.
 Arab Kheyl (Persian: عربخيل‎ also Romanized as ‘Arab Kheyl; also known as Kaleh ‘Arab Kheyl) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District Bahnemir District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1261 in 338 families.
 Ralph A. Garzia (May 30 1921 – January 14 2009) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Kick Start is a best of album by English mod revival band The Lambrettas. It contains the hit singles Poison Ivy Da-a-ance and the band's first ever single Go Steady which until Kick Start had never been released on an album.
 Glyptothorax exodon is a species of sisorid catfish. It is only known from the drainage basin of the Kapuas River Borneo.This species can be readily distinguished from most other Glyptothorax species of the region by its slender body. The only possible confusion is with Glyptothorax platypogonides (as which this species was originally misidentified) and Glyptothorax siamensis but G.
 The Norfork Tailwater is the segment of the North Fork River below Norfork Dam in north central Arkansas. Near Salesville Arkansas the Norfork Tailwater is about 4.8 miles (7.7 km) long and stretches from the dam below Lake Norfork to the White River. The Norfork Tailwater is home to brown rainbow cutthroat and brook trout as well as other fish.
 Gaisano Capital Pagadian is a shopping mall in Pagadian City Philippines located in Pagadian City. This Mall is bigger than the 3 other malls in the city which is Peoples Plaza Best Emporium and the City Commercial center (C3). Gaisano Mall attracts shoppers not only from Pagadian but also from nearby areas of Zamboanga del Sur Zamboanga Sibugay.
 The Merchant of Death is the first book in the Pendragon series by D. J. MacHale.
 The Client (1993) is a legal thriller written by American author John Grisham set mostly in Memphis Tennessee and New Orleans Louisiana. It is Grisham's fourth novel.
 Bekkeberga is a village in Akershus Norway.
 David Arthur Russell Howell Baron Howell of Guildford PC (born 18 January 1936) is a British Conservative politician journalist and economic consultant. Having been successively Secretary of State for Energy and then for Transport under Margaret Thatcher Howell has more recently been a Minister of State in the Foreign Office from the election in 2010 until the reshuffle of 2012.
 Avances Magazine is a monthly bilingual publication aimed at middle to upper income Hispanics and is the largest Hispanic magazine in the Intermountain West which includes Arizona Colorado Idaho and Utah. The magazine is based in Orem Utah in the United States. With its first edition in 2009 Avances Magazine's motto is to Advance the Hispanic Community.
 The Joseph and Rachel Bartlett House is a historic residence in the city of Fremont Ohio United States. Built in 1872 it is one of the city's more prominent examples of high-style architecture.Born near Tiffin Ohio in 1830 Joseph R. Bartlett moved to Lower Sandusky (now Fremont) in 1833 with his family. After reading law under his father young Bartlett entered the legal profession and soon became one of Sandusky County's leading citizens.
 Agaraea nigrostriata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.
 Zoar is a village in Tuscarawas County Ohio United States. The population was 169 at the 2010 census.
 Vanished is a 1995 thriller mystery movie made for TV based on the novel by Danielle Steel. It stars George Hamilton Robert Hays and Lisa Rinna.
 Nickel and Dimed: On (Not) Getting By in America is a book written by Barbara Ehrenreich. Written from her perspective as an undercover journalist it sets out to investigate the impact of the 1996 welfare reform act on the working poor in the United States.
 First English Lutheran Church is a historic church at 53 Park Ave. West in Mansfield Ohio.It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Bosoms and Neglect is a play by American playwright John Guare first staged in 1979 at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago Illinois.
 This is a Manchu name; the family name is Niohuru.Niohuru Heshen (Niohuru Hesen; Manchu: ᠨᡳᠣᡥᡠᡵᡠ ; Chinese: 鈕祜祿·和珅; pinyin: Niǔhùlù Héshēn; Wade–Giles: Niu3-hu4-lu4 Ho2-shen1 1746 – February 22 1799) commonly known mononymously as Heshen or Hesen was from the Manchu Niohuru clan and an official of the Qing dynasty who was favoured by the Qianlong Emperor. Born Shanbao (Shan-pao; 善保) his given name was later changed to Heshen. His courtesy name was Zhizhai (Chih-chai; 致齋).
 Live at CBGB 1982 is a live album and DVD capturing hardcore punk/reggae group Bad Brains in concert at the historic New York City club CBGB in December 1982. The show features several tracks from the first three Bad Brains albums - Black Dots Bad Brains and the soon-to-be-released Rock for Light.
 The Bengoechea Hotel was founded in 1910 by Jose Bengoechea. The building is a focal point of Basque-American culture in Mountain Home Idaho. The Bengochea Hotel and its surrounding area are known as The Bengoechea Block. In June 2007 the building was sold to Mirazim Shakoori who plans on restoring the building to its original condition for the 100th anniversary in 2010.
 Cosmopterix facunda is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Texas.Adults were collected in March.
 Gopinath Bordoloi (Assamese: গোপীনাথ বৰদলৈ; 1890–1950) was the first Prime Minister of undivided Assam before independence and later Chief Minister of the Indian state of Assam and also a leading Indian independence activist. He was a follower of the Gandhian principle of non-violence as a political tool. Due to his unselfish dedication towards Assam and its people the then Governor of Assam Jayram Das Doulatram conferred him with the title Lokapriya (loved by all).
 Chervona Ruta is a 1971 Soviet Ukrainian musical film written by Miroslav Skochilyas and directed by Roman Oleksiv starring Sofia Rotaru and Vasyl Zinkevych alongside popular Soviet Ukrainian ensembles.
 Ptolemaiida is a taxon of wolf-sized afrothere mammals that lived in northern and eastern Africa during the Paleogene. The oldest fossils are from the latest Eocene strata of the Jebel Qatrani Formation near the Fayum oasis in Egypt. A tooth is known from an Oligocene-aged stratum in Angola and Miocene specimens (of Kelba) are known from Kenya and Uganda The origin of the Ptolemaiids is obscure and debated.
 Amarpatti is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2201 persons residing in 434 individual households.
 Bostrychoplites is a genus of beetle native to the Afro-tropical region. Its presence in Europe is doubtful.
 Melanella amabilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of many species known to exist within the genus Melanella.
 Dr. Kadri Obafemi Hamzat (popularly known as Femi Hamzat) is the Commissioner for Ministry of Works and Infrastructure in Lagos State Nigeria. He was appointed as the Commissioner for Ministry of Science & Technology Lagos State in August 2005. He held that position until June 2011. Thereafter he was reappointed Commissioner for Works and Infrastructure by Governor Babatunde Raji Fashola’s administration on July 4 2011.
 112 Katong formerly Katong Mall is a 7 storey shopping mall in the east of Singapore located at the intersection of East Coast Road and Joo Chiat Road. The mall opened on 18 November 2011.Pua Seck Guan former chief executive of CapitaLand Retail bought over Katong Mall in a $247.55 million deal. A private trust called Perennial Katong Retail Trust was subsequently formed to buy the mall from Tuan Sing Holdings' Golden Cape Investment.
 The Rest is Silence is an album by Randy released in 1996.
 Black Water is a 2007 horror-thriller film set in the mangrove seas of northern Australia. It was written and directed by Andrew Traucki and David Nerlich and stars Diana Glenn Maeve Dermody and Andy Rodoreda. The film was inspired by the true story of a crocodile attack in Australia's Northern Territory in December 2003.
 Imperial Valley Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in El Centro California. Opened in 2005 the mall features Sears J. C. Penney Dillard's and Macy's as its anchor stores. It is managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
 Night of the Aurochs is an unfinished novel by Dalton Trumbo (died 1976) published posthumously in 1979.
 Xenaroswellianinae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae. It contains the single genus Xenaroswelliana with the single species Xenaroswelliana deltaquadrant.
 Club de femmes (aka Girls' Club or Women's Club) is a 1936 French film directed and written by Jacques Deval and starring Danielle Darrieux.
 Deluge is a 1928 novel by S. Fowler Wright. In the novel a global flood destroys all civilization other than areas of the English Midlands that remain above water. It follows Martin Webster a lawyer who loses his wife and children. His companion Claire Arlington is an athlete and one of the few women to survive the flood.
 The White River Bridge was built in 1929 in Mount Rainier National Park as part of the Yakima Park Road project. The new road was planned to open up access to the northeastern portion of the park. The bridge spanning the White River was built by contractor John D. Tobin of Portland Oregon who had previously built the Narada Falls Bridge and the Christine Falls Bridges both listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Phalonidia lacistovalva is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Loja Province).The wingspan is about 15 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish grey suffused and spotted with brownish grey except for the postmedian area along the distal edge of the median fascia where it is suffused with white. The hindwings are whitish spotted and tinged with pale brownish grey on the periphery.
 Auriculella ambusta is a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 The School of Night is a play by Peter Whelan. It was first performed by the Royal Shakespeare Company at The Other Place Stratford-upon-Avon on the 4th November 1992. The play takes place between the Summer of 1592 and Spring 1593.
 John Ingolf Alvheim (21 May 1930 – 5 December 2005) was a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party. He was a nurse anesthetist by profession and served as aid worker in several developing countries during the 1970s. Alvheim was highly respected also by his political opponents for his vigorous fight for society's disadvantaged.
 Damat Ferid Pasha (1853 – 6 October 1923) (full name Damat Mehmed Adil Ferid Pasha Efendi) was an Ottoman statesman who held the office of Grand Vizier during two periods under the reign of the last Ottoman Sultan Mehmed VI Vahdeddin the first time between 4 March 1919 and 2 October 1919 and the second time between 5 April 1920 and 21 October 1920.
 Saldus Zeme is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 Ta Nea Tis Megalopoleos (Greek: Τα Νέα της Μεγαλοπόλεως News of Megalopolis) is a monthly newspaper published in Athens Greece and produces local news for Megalopolis. It is one of the headquarters situated outside of Megalopolis and it has editors primarily from that region in southwestern Arcadia. The newspaper was founded in 1951 and marked its 50th anniversary in 2001 and its 55th in 2006. It has published around 770 monthly editions.
 Kord Neshin (Persian: كردنشين‎ also Romanized as Kord Neshīn; also known as Kord Eshin Kord Īshīn Kūrdashī and Kyurdashin) is a village in Gowharan Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 525 in 129 families.
 The News is a 1989 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Shaji Kailas and produced by G.R.Sureshkumar starring Suresh Gopi Ranjini Lizy and Babu Antony. This is the debut release of Shaji Kailas.
 The Keurbooms River (Afrikaans: Keurboomsrivier) is a river in the Western Cape Province in South Africa. The river has its sources south of Uniondale in the Langkloof and flows in a roughly southeastern direction. It passes De Vlugt and the Prince Alfred Pass flowing along the northern side of the R340 road then it turns south.
 The Church of Our Lady of Good Counsel is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 230 East 90th Street Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1886. The church was completed in 1892 to the designs by Thomas H. Poole. The address listed in 1892 was 236 East 90th Street.
 The Fifth Season is a live album of Polish progressive rock group Quidam released 2009. It was recorded at Teatr Śląski im. Stanisława Wyspiańskiego Katowice November 15 2005.
 Breathing Room (also known as A Room to Breathe) is a 2008 horror film written and directed by John Suits and Gabriel Cowan.
 Lepidochrysops subvariegata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ethiopia.
 The Tohăneanca River is a tributary of the Ghighiu River in Romania.
 Boston Kickout is a 1995 British drama feature film written and directed by Paul Hills. It won the Euskal Media Prize at the San Sebastián International Film Festival Best Actor (John Simm) at the Cinema Jove International Film Festival in Valencia and Best Film at the Bermuda International Film Festival.
 One Sock Missing is the second album from the Grifters released in 1993 on Shangri-La Records. Certainly the most low-key (if not lo-fi) of the Grifters' early records 1993's One Sock Missing is less noisy and aggressive than its immediate predecessor So Happy Together [1] One Sock Missing signals the direction and sound the band would work on throughout their career [2].
 Bara no Tame ni (薔薇のために lit. For the Roses' Sake) is a Japanese josei manga by Akemi Yoshimura. It was published by Shogakukan from 1992 to 1998 in the magazine Petit Comic and collected in 16 tankōbon volumes. The series received the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo in 1994.
 Indonesia Malaise is a 1931 film directed by the Wong brothers. It was the brothers' first sound film and one of the first such films in the Dutch East Indies. Billed as a comedy the story follows a woman who is overcome by tragedy in her personal life. A commercial failure it may be lost.
 Długi Borek [ˈdwuɡi ˈbɔrɛk] (German: Langenwalde before 1829: Dlugiborrek;) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Świętajno 22 km (14 mi) east of Szczytno and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 PoliWood is a 2009 documentary film directed by Barry Levinson and produced by Tim Daly Robin Bronk and Robert E. Baruc.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād and Haidarābād) is a village in Almeh Rural District Samalqan District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 516 in 147 families.
 Calamity Creek is a river in Texas.
 Epicenter (full title Epicenter: Why Current Rumblings in the Middle East Will Change Your Future) is a 2006 non-fiction Christian book by political column poster Joel C. Rosenberg. The book was released on September 1 2006 through Tyndale House Publishers Inc and concerns how current events in the Middle East and other places in the world resemble prophecies from the Book of Ezekiel. An updated version of the book entitled Epicenter 2.0 was released in 2008 in paperback.
 Green Arrow: Year One is a 2007 Green Arrow limited series published by DC Comics. The series is written by Andy Diggle with art by Jock the acclaimed team behind The Losers.
 The Valea Cetății River is a tributary of the Dezna River in Romania.
 Itatsina praticola is a species of spider in the Liocranidae family. It is found in China Korea and Japan and was first described by Friedrich Wilhelm Bösenberg and Embrik Strand in 1906.
 Olallie Scenic Area is a United States Forest Service designated scenic area located in Oregon's Cascade Range. It is between Mount Hood on the north and Mount Jefferson to the south and contains Olallie Lake along with several smaller lakes. The name Olallie is Chinook Jargon for berry.
 Diary of the Dead is a 1976 neo-noir film directed by Arvin Brown based on the novel One Across Two Down by Ruth Rendell. It was produced by Charles B. Moss. Robert L. Fish author of Mute Witness the basis of Bullitt contributed to the screenplay.
 La bohème is an album by French-Armenian singer Charles Aznavour released in 1966.
 Main Currents of Marxism: Its Origins Growth and Dissolution (Polish: Główne nurty marksizmu. Powstanie rozwój rozkład) is a three volume work about Marxism by political philosopher Leszek Kołakowski. It was first published in Polish in Paris in 1976. The three volumes in English are: 1: The Founders II: The Golden Age and III: The Breakdown. The series was republished as a single volume in 2005.
 Salarias nigrocinctus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Pacific ocean around Tonga.
 Anthology 3 is a compilation album by the Beatles released in October 1996 by Apple Records as part of The Beatles Anthology series.
 Roger Griswold (May 21 1762 – October 25 1812) was a nineteenth-century lawyer politician and judge from Connecticut. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives judge of the Connecticut Supreme Court and the 22nd Governor of Connecticut serving as a Federalist.
 Hilary and Jackie is a 1998 British supposedly biographical film directed by Anand Tucker. The screenplay by Frank Cottrell Boyce is based on the memoir A Genius in the Family by Piers and Hilary du Pré which chronicles the life and career of their late sister cellist Jacqueline du Pré. The film attracted controversy and criticism for allegedly distorting details in Jacqueline's life although Hilary du Pré publicly defended her version of the story.
 Michael C. Shoemaker (born 1945) is an American politician of the Democratic party. He was born in 1945 in Nipgen Ohio (Ross County). Shoemaker's father Myrl Shoemaker was Lieutenant Governor of Ohio.Mike Shoemaker received a Bachelor of Science in Education from Capital University in Columbus Ohio and a Master of Education from Xavier University in Cincinnati Ohio. He began his 10-year teaching career as a math instructor and football coach in Southern Ohio.
 Ponganadu is a small town near Kilimanoor Thiruvananthapuram district Kerala India. Kallambalam Kilimanoor Attingal Varkala are the towns nearby to Ponganadu. Ponganadu is reachable from Varkala Akathumuri Kadakavur and Chirayinkil railway stations. It is the location of a government High School and government Ayurveda and Homeopathy hospitals are situated here.
 Papagni River is an non-perennial inter-state river in southern India that flows through the states of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. It is a right bank tributary of the Pennar river.
 The Embryo's In Bloom is Dog Fashion Disco's third album originally released on OuterLoop Records in 1998 then reissued in 2000 before going out of print in 2001. The studio quality of this album is noticeably better than the band's preceding albums and they were subsequently pleased with the resulted sound. It was re-released by Rotten Records in 2006.
 Farsiat-e Bozorg (Persian: فارسيات بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Fārsīāt-e Bozorg) is a village in Muran Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 458 in 95 families.
 Wielebnów [vjɛˈlɛbnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Łopuszno and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 398.
 Hard Candy is the fourth studio album by Counting Crows released in the United Kingdom on June 7 2002 and the following day in the United States.The album features the hidden track Big Yellow Taxi a Joni Mitchell cover. This was one of their biggest radio hits from the album however re-releases of the album were revised to mention the song.
 The Trotsky is a 2009 Canadian comedy film directed by Jacob Tierney.
 Abar Pothe Dekha (2007) is a Bengali song album of Anjan Dutt Bappa Majumder and Tutul. Anjan Dutt had three songs in this album. The lyrics of this album was written by Zulfiqer Russell. This album was produced by Soundtech music.
 Meglio vedova is a 1968 Italian comedy film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Gerry Phillips (born September 11 1940) was a politician in the riding of Scarborough—Agincourt which is located in Toronto Ontario Canada. He was a member of the Ontario Provincial Parliament and served as a senior minister in the governments of Premier's Dalton McGuinty and David Peterson.
 Luyanta is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3450 and had 436 houses in the village.
 Dialectica odontosema is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Slope is the debut solo album by drummer Steve Jansen released in 2007 by Samadhi Sound. The album includes guest musicians and was recorded all over the world.Jansen said: With this album I approached composition attempting to avoid chord and song structures and the usual familiar building blocks. Instead I wanted to piece together unrelated sounds music samples rhythms and 'events' in an attempt to deviate from my own trappings as a musician.
 Ixodes neuquenensis is a species of tick that lives on the monito del monte (Dromiciops gliroides) a nocturnal mammal that lives in the northern temperate forests of southern South America. Due to the near-threatened status of its host Ixodes neuquenensis is also at risk.
 The Isaac Glaspell House is located on the eastside of Davenport Iowa United States. The Greek Revival residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Haidar Abu Bakr al-Attas (Arabic: حيدر أبو بكر العطاس‎) (born April 5 1939) was appointed Prime Minister of Yemen by President Ali Abdullah Saleh when the People's Democratic Republic of Yemen and Yemen Arab Republic united in 1990 to form present-day Yemen. Al-Attas served until 1994. He is a member of the Yemeni Socialist Party.Before unification al-Attas served as Prime Minister (1985–1986) and Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Council (1986–1990) in the southern PDRY.
 Heydarabad-e Nurali (Persian: حيدرآباد نورعلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād-e Nūrʿalī; also known simply as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Nurali Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Patiriella commonly known as carpet sea star is a genus of sea stars of the family Asterinidae. Native to southern Australia New Zealand and southern America (Argentina and Chile) they are most often found in intertidal pools and can vary greatly in colour between individuals. It contains the following species:
 Urum al-Jawz (Arabic: أورم الجوز‎ also called Ouram al-Jawz) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of the Idlib Governorate located south of Idlib. Nearby localities include Maataram to the north Ariha to the northeast Kafr Latah to the east Sarjah to the southeast al-Rami to the south and Muhambal to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics Urum al-Jawz had a population of 4683 in the 2004 census.
 Goclenius is a lunar crater that is located near the west edge of Mare Fecunditatis. It lies to the southeast of the lava-flooded crater Gutenberg and north of Magelhaens. To the northwest is a parallel rille system that follow a course toward the northwest running for a length of up to 240 kilometers. This feature is named the Rimae Goclenius.The rim of this crater is worn distorted and irregular having a somewhat egg-like outline.
 Afif-Abad Garden (Persian: باغ عفیف آباد‎; also known as Golshan Garden) is a museum complex in Shiraz Iran.Located in the affluent Afif-Abad district of Shiraz the complex was constructed in 1863. It contains a former royal mansion a historical weapons museum and a Persian garden all open to the public.
 Sudići (Ilijaš) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ángeles González-Sinde Reig (born 7 April 1965) is a Spanish scriptwriter film director and politician.
 Broken Angels (Japanese: 壊れはじめた天使たち Hepburn: Kowarehajimeta Tenshi Tachi) is a 5 volume manga created by Setsuri Tsuzuki which began in Kadokawa Shoten's Monthly Asuka. The manga is licensed in English by Tokyopop.
 Stealing Candy is a 2002 thriller film directed by Mark L. Lester and starring Daniel Baldwin.
 Arch is a Kentucky-bred race horse and sire. Born in 1995 the son of Kris S. and Aurora by Danzig he won the Grade 1 Super Derby and has sired many notable stakes winners.
 Sir Hugh Charles Clifford GCMG GBE (5 March 1866 – 18 December 1941) was a British colonial administrator.
 Brigadier John Dennis Profumo CBE (/prəˈfjuːmoʊ/ prə-FEW-moh; 30 January 1915 – 9 March 2006) informally known as Jack Profumo was a British politician. The Profumo family is of Italian origin and John Profumo held the title of 5th Baron Profumo in the nobility of the Kingdom of Sardinia. Although Profumo held an increasingly responsible series of political posts in the 1950s he is best known for his involvement in a scandal involving Christine Keeler in 1963.
 Shinnecock Inlet is the easternmost of five major inlets[1] connecting bays to the Atlantic Ocean through the narrow 100-mile-long Outer barrier that stretches from New York City to Southhampton New York on the south shore of Long Island. It splits Westhampton Island from the peninsula extending from Southampton Village.
 Swords Against Wizardry is a fantasy short story collection by Fritz Leiber and Harry Fischer featuring their sword and sorcery heroes Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser. Fischer's contribution was limited to the first ten thousand words of The Lords of Quarmall. The book is chronologically the fourth volume in the complete seven volume edition of the collected stories devoted to the characters.
 THX JHN is the third studio album by Johan released on May 22 2006. The previous album Pergola was released five years earlier. Like all Johan albums it is released on the Excelsior Recordings label.
 Albert Joseph Count Goblet d'Alviella (26 May 1790–5 May 1873) was an officer in the army of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands. After the Belgian Revolution he became a politician and served as Prime Minister of Belgium.
 Green Fire is a 1954 MGM movie directed by Andrew Marton and produced by Armand Deutsch with original music by Miklós Rózsa. It stars Grace Kelly Stewart Granger Paul Douglas and John Ericson.
 Von Herz zu Herz (From Heart to Heart) is the sixth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. This album won over many new fans and was their most successful since their first album in 1970. The group also returned to their trade mark sound with this album after a releasing a folk album a year before.
 F. L. Wandell Estate and Ward Factory Site is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 1 1990.The William Ward Edge Tool Factory was located on the F. L. Wandell Estate and manufactured tools from 1868 to 1890.
 Barbed Wire is a 1952 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Gene Autry Anne James and William Fawcett. Written by Gerald Geraghty the film is about a cattle buyer who goes to Texas to investigate why the cattle trails to Kansas are blocked.
 The Killer Elite is a 1975 American action thriller film starring James Caan and Robert Duvall and directed by Sam Peckinpah.The screenplay was written by Marc Norman and Stirling Silliphant adapted from the Robert Syd Hopkins novel Monkey in the Middle. The novel was written under Hopkins' pseudonym of Robert Rostand. The film represents the last collaboration between Peckinpah and soundtrack composer Jerry Fielding.
 On the Natural History of Destruction is a 1999 book by the German writer W. G. Sebald. Its original German title is Luftkrieg und Literatur which means Air war and literature. It consists of essays about literature and writers through which Sebald discusses the German processing of World War II.
 The magazine TNT-The Northeast Today was launched by Kirit Pradyot Deb Burman (also known as P.B.K.Manikya) in August 2007. In a short time the magazine has become the highest-selling magazine in the Northeast of India with an estimated circulation of 49000.[citation needed] The magazine is known for its all-round coverage and primarily covers politics sports cuisine lifestyle health environment science and travel.
 Zoran Stanković (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Станковић; born 9 November 1954) is a Serbian politician. He served as the Minister of Defence in the Government of Serbia and the Council of Ministers of Serbia and Montenegro and Minister of Health in the Government of Serbia.
 SM*SH is the first studio album by Indonesian boyband SM*SH released in Jakarta on June 26 2011. The first album Sm*sh this time titled as the group name of his own boy band (self titled) where the release is the inaugural concert by Sm*sh held at Kelapa Gading which aired on national private television station SCTV exclusively.
 Misunderstanding Cults: Searching for Objectivity in a Controversial Field was edited by Benjamin Zablocki and Thomas Robbins.
 The Hotel Andaluz was built in 1939 as the Hilton Hotel and operated most recently for the past twenty-odd years as La Posada de Albuquerque. It is a historic building located at 125 2nd Street NW in downtown Albuquerque New Mexico.
 The Alamo is a 1960 American historical epic film about the 1836 Battle of the Alamo directed by John Wayne and starring Wayne as Davy Crockett. The picture also stars Richard Widmark as Jim Bowie and Laurence Harvey as William B. Travis and the supporting cast features Frankie Avalon Chill Wills Patrick Wayne Linda Cristal Joseph Calleia Ruben Padilla Richard Boone as Sam Houston Ken Curtis Hank Worden and Denver Pyle. The movie was photographed in 70 mm Todd-AO by William H.
 Naameh (Persian: نعمه‎ also Romanized as Na‘ameh; also known as Naghmeh and Nahmeh) is a village in Chah Varz Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 38 families.
 The Urubu River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lilius is a lunar impact crater that is located in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon. It lies to the north of the crater Zach and south-southwest of Cuvier. Just to the southeast is the slightly larger Jacobi. The crater is named after the inventor of the Gregorian calendar Aloysius Lilius.The outer rim of Lilius has been worn down and rounded particularly to the northwest where the inner wall protrudes farther into the interior floor.
 The Polui is a river in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug Russia a tributary of the Ob River.
 The Polysema Skipper or Spinifex Sand-skipper (Proeidosa polysema) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the Northern Territory Queensland and Western Australia.The wingspan is about 30 mm (1.2 in).The larvae feed on Triodia species including Triodia microstachya Triodia pungens and Triodia mitchellii. They construct a tent-shaped shelter made from silk and twisted leaves of its host plant where it rests during the day.
 Narragansett Mills is an historic textile mill site located at 1567 N. Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts United States.The mills were organized in 1871 and the first mill was built in 1872 from red brick in the Italianate style. A. Dorrance Easton served as the company's first president. The complex also includes a detached brick mill office building.The site was added to the National Historic Register in 1983.Today Mill No. 1 has been remodeled and is occupied by medical offices.
 The Anvik River is a 140-mile (230 km) tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska. It flows southeast from the Nulato Hills to its mouth on the larger river 1.5 miles (2.4 km) north of Anvik.The annual production of summer chum salmon along the Anvik River is thought to be the largest in the Yukon River basin.
 I'll Be Yours is a 1947 American musical comedy film starring directed by William A. Seiter and starring Deanna Durbin. Based on the play A jó tündér by Ferenc Molnár the film is about a small-town girl who tells a fib to a wealthy businessman which then creates complications. It was adapted by Felix Jackson from the screenplay for the 1935 non-musical film The Good Fairy by Preston Sturges which was based on the play A jó tündér by Ferenc Molnár as translated and adapted by Jane Hinton.
 Glorious 39 is a 2009 British thriller film written and directed by Stephen Poliakoff and starring Romola Garai Bill Nighy Julie Christie Jeremy Northam Christopher Lee David Tennant and Jenny Agutter. Filming began in late October 2008 and concluded in December 2008. Much of the filming took place in Norfolk where the film is set.
 Resurrection Day is a novel written by Brendan DuBois in 1999. It is an alternate history where the Cuban Missile Crisis escalated to a full-scale war the Soviet Union is devastated and the USA has been reduced to a third-rate power relying on Britain for aid. Resurrection Day won the Sidewise Award for Alternate History that year.
 Blooded is a 2011 British independent horror/thriller film. Written by James Walker and produced by Magma Pictures and Ptarmigan ACP it is the directorial debut of Edward Boase. The film premiered at the Bradford International Film Festival on 18 March 2011.The plot involves an animal rights action group calling themselves the Real Animal League which kidnaps five young deer hunters and then hunts them. It is filmed in a mockumentary style imitating a real documentary film.
 You Make Me Feel is the debut album of Canadian electronic musician Milosh. It was released on May 18 2004 by Plug Research.
 Africa Hall is the permanent headquarters of UNECA the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa. The structure built in the span of only 18 months was completed in February 1961. It covers an overall area of 75000 m2 with a usable area of 13800 m2 consisting of 3600 m2 of conference halls 5500 m2 of offices and 4700 m2 of general facilities. Its main characteristic is represented by the “continuous spaces” of the internal layout.
 The John Wescott Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 454 Pleasant Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is a well preserved example of a Queen Anne triple decker (built c. 1892) which is unusual in part for its orientation with the long axis parallel to the street. This adaptation was done to fit the building onto a long narrow lot. The entry is slightly off-center in a section with porches on all three floors. The porches have turned balusters and posts.
 The Cordova Post Office and Courthouse in Cordova Alaska was built in 1924. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.In 1977 it was reported to be the oldest post office building in Alaska still in use as a post office.
 Lillian Sefton Dodge Estate also known as Sefton Manor and Mill Neck Manor Lutheran School for the Deaf is a historic estate located at Mill Neck in Nassau County New York. It was designed in 1923 by the noted architectural firm Clinton and Russell for cosmetics executive Lillian Sefton Dodge. The manor house is a Tudor Revival style dwelling.
 Erbstrom is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Steel Warriors is a 1998 compilation album by the heavy metal band Manowar. It includes only songs from the albums Into Glory Ride and Hail to England.
 The Arctic lamprey (Lethenteron camtschaticum) is a species of lamprey a jawless fish in the order Petromyzontiformes. It inhabits coastal freshwater habitat types in the Arctic. Some populations are anadromous spending part of their lives in the ocean. It is the most common and widespread lamprey in the Arctic region.
 Harmondsworth Great Barn (also known as Manor Farm Barn) is a medieval tithe barn on the former Manor Farm in the village of Harmondsworth in the London Borough of Hillingdon England (previously part of the historic county of Middlesex). It stands just north of Heathrow Airport. Built in the early 15th century by Winchester College it is the largest timber-framed building in England and is regarded as an outstanding example of medieval carpentry.
 Clubland are a series of compilation albums from Clubland released by Universal Music TV AATW.
 Luwalhati Ricasa-Antonino (born October 22 1943) born in Upi North Cotabato and raised in Kiamba Saranggani Province she is one of the strongest advocates of Mindanao’s growth and development. She is currently the Chairperson of the Mindanao Development Authority (MinDA) the highest public post in Mindanao. She is part of President Benigno S. Aquino III's Cabinet holding the rank of a national Secretary.
 Unbreakable is a 2000 American superhero thriller film written produced and directed by M. Night Shyamalan. The film stars Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson. Unbreakable tells the story of Philadelphia security guard David Dunn who slowly discovers that he is a superhero. The film explores analogies between the real world and the mythology of superheroes.Shyamalan planned Unbreakable to parallel a comic book's traditional three-part story structure.
 William Burbridge Brown (10 September 1912 in Chillicothe Ohio – 24 December 1985) was a lawyer who served a variety of positions in the Territory of Hawaii from 1943 to 1955 before returning to serve on the Ohio District Courts of Appeals and Ohio Supreme Court from 1960 to 1984.William Burbridge Brown was born to Mabel R. Downs Brown and Dr. Henry Renick Brown.
 The Larchmont Chronicle is a monthly community newspaper serving Larchmont Village Hancock Park Windsor Square Fremont Place Park La Brea and Miracle Mile in Los Angeles California United States. It is independently owned.
 The Cross Eyed Rambler is a 2008 album by Paul Heaton. It was his first album since the breakup of The Beautiful South in 2007 and his second solo album after 2001's Fat Chance. The album contains the single Mermaids and Slaves.
 Ramsgjelvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Beiarn in Nordland county Norway. The lake is located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of Høyforsmoen and about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) southeast of Moldjord.
 Gorzanów [ɡɔˈʐanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Bystrzyca Kłodzka 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Kłodzko and 91 kilometres (57 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 921.
 Jean-Baptiste Nicolas Robert Schuman (French pronunciation: ​[ʁɔbɛʁ ʃuman]; 29 June 1886 – 4 September 1963) was a noted Luxembourgish-born French statesman. Schuman was a Christian Democrat (M.R.P.) and an independent political thinker and activist.
 Don't Let Love Slip Away is the third studio album by American R&B/soul singer Freddie Jackson. Released in 1988 the album reached number one on the U.S. R&B albums chart and peaked at number 48 on the Billboard 200. It was certified gold by the RIAA. The singles Nice 'N' Slow and Hey Lover reached number one on the R&B singles chart.
 The Nucet River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 Progue House is a historic home located at Rhinebeck Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1763 and is a 2-story stone building built into a hillside. It has a 1 1⁄2-story saltbox-style side wing. It is an example of a vernacular German stone farmhouse of the 18th century. Also on the property are a contributing barn four sheds and a privy.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Ophichthus stenopterus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1871.
 Ésta es mi vida is a 1952 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.
 Agana Shopping Center is a shopping center located in downtown Hagåtña in the United States territory of Guam. Opening in 1978 the mall is one of numerous malls on Guam. Main competitors include Micronesia Mall Guam's largest shopping mall and Guam Premier Outlets in Tamuning. The mall includes five theatres called Agana Center Stadium Theatres because of its true stadium seating capacity.The shopping center was severely damaged when a typhoon struck the island in 2002.
 Live Seeds is the first official live album by Australian post-punk band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. The album was recorded live from 1992 to 1993 at various concerts throughout Europe and Australia at the touring stage promoting their previous studio album Henry's Dream. Nick Cave wanted to give the songs a raw feeling as originally intended before production problems occurred.
 Food Inc.: How Industrial Food Is Making Us Sicker Fatter and Poorer—And What You Can Do About It is a 2009 companion book to the documentary film of the same name about the industrialization of food production and about the negative results to human health and to the natural environment. Edited by Karl Weber the book is co-published by Participant Media and PublicAffairs Books.
 Black Dog is a debut novel by author Stephen Booth in the Cooper and Fry series of novels set in the Peak District. Black Dog won the 2001 Barry Award for the Best British Crime Novel
 Synchronicity is Bennie K's third album.
 Dianne Feinstein is the current senior senator in the US Senate representing California. Prior to her time in the Senate she ran for Governor of California and was Mayor of San Francisco. Feinstein tends to be seen as a moderate in the Senate. She has worked to ban assault weapons and to gain passage of the California Desert Protection Act to preserve wilderness. She voted to authorize the use of military force in Iraq in 2002 and has stated that she is a supporter of the Patriot Act.
 Peter Gabriel is the third album by British musician Peter Gabriel released in May 1980. The album contains two of Gabriel's most famous songs the UK Top 10 hit Games Without Frontiers and the political song Biko about the late anti-apartheid activist Steve Biko. The album was remastered along with most of Gabriel's catalogue in 2002.This album is often referred to as Melt owing to its cover photograph by Hipgnosis.
 Blondelia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Prince Rupert Daily News was a daily newspaper in Prince Rupert British Columbia closed in 2010.
 The Chinese Grosbeak or Yellow-billed Grosbeak (Eophona migratoria) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.It can be found in the following countries: China Hong Kong Japan North and South Korea Laos Myanmar Russia Taiwan Thailand Vietnam.It is found in these habitats: temperate forests.
 Kolincz [ˈkɔlint͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Starogard Gdański and 45 km (28 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 375.
 The Infinite Steve Vai: An Anthology is Steve Vai's compilation album that was released in 2003 (see 2003 in music). This two-disc compilation spans Vai's entire solo career featuring the best tracks from most of his albums including Fire Garden Passion and Warfare Alien Love Secrets and The Ultra Zone. One song is even included from his Whitesnake days (Kittens Got Claws) and one from his Alcatrazz days (Lighter Shade of Green).
 Olavum Theeravum is a 1970 Malayalam film directed by P. N. Menon and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair based on his own short story of the same title published in an anthology of short stories in 1957. The story is about a Muslim trader who falls in love with his dead friend's sister who is the daughter of a prostitute. But the girl's mother forces her to marry a wealthy man who has an eye on her. She rejects him but is raped by him and commits suicide. The film was produced by P. A.
 Mohammad Forouzandeh (Persian: محمد فروزنده) is an Iranian politician and security figure and the head of the Bonyad-e Mostazafen va Janbazan (Foundation of the Oppressed and Disabled) the second-largest commercial enterprise in Iran (behind the state-owned National Iranian Oil Company) and biggest holding company in the Middle East. His tenure as head of the foundation was began on December 3 2004 and was renewed for another five years on December 2 2009.
 The Windsor Star is the regional daily newspaper of Windsor Ontario published Mondays through Saturdays and is owned by the Postmedia Network Inc. The publication had its main office at 167 Ferry Street from 1923 to 2012 before moving to its current location at 300 Ouellette Avenue. In November 1996 it opened a printing facility in south-central Windsor.
 Ceres School is a historic school building located at Ceres in Allegany County New York. It was built in 1893 and is a one-story frame structure. It is a surviving example of a late 19th-century schoolhouse which served students from both Pennsylvania and New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Kandala Subrahmanyam or Kandala Subrahmanya Tilak shortly K. S. Tilak B.Sc.(Hons.)(From B.H.U.) L.L.B. is an Indian lawyer Socialist leader Indian freedom activist and Parliamentarian.
 Wizz Jones is the 1969 album by the pioneer British Folk musician Wizz Jones. This was Jones' debut solo album despite being a performer since 1959.
 Pleasant Dreams: Nightmares is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Robert Bloch. It was released in 1960 and was the author's second book published by Arkham House. It was released in an edition of 2060 copies. The stories originally appeared in several magazines between 1946 and 1958. The collection includes Bloch's 1959 Hugo Award winning story That Hell-Bound Train.
 Surviving Your Serengeti: 7 Skills to Master Business and Life published March 2011 is a motivational business fable based on author Stefan Swanepoel's experiences in business and growing up in Africa.The book is a New York Times and Wall Street Journal bestseller.
 Mohan Singh (4 March 1945 - 22 September 2013) was an Indian politician from the Samajwadi Party. He was elected three times to the Lok Sabha from Deoria in Uttar Pradesh. He was the General Secretary of the Samajwadi Party. He died on 22 September 2013 due to cancer in Aiims Delhi.
 Angela McLean (born August 19 1970 ) is a Montana educator who was named to serve as the 31st Lieutenant Governor of Montana on February 10 2014. Governor Steve Bullock a Democrat selected McLean to replace newly appointed U.S. Senator John Walsh after appointing Walsh to the vacancy created by Senator Max Baucus's resignation.She was sworn in as Montana's new Lieutenant Governor by District Judge Ray Dayton on February 17 2014.
 United in Isolation is the ARIA-nominated debut album by Australian rock band Papa vs Pretty. It was released in Australia on 27 May 2011 through Peace & Riot/EMI. The album was recorded at BJB Studios and Oceanic Studios in Sydney Australia throughout January and February 2011. It was produced and engineered by five time ARIA Award winning producer Paul McKercher and mixed by Scott Horscroft.
 Detroit is a play by Lisa D'Amour. It was a finalist for the Pulitzer and Susan Smith Blackburn Prizes. The play premiered at the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in Chicago in 2010 and subsequently ran Off-Broadway at Playwrights Horizons in fall 2012. The play won the Obie Award for Best New American Play in 2013.
 Khorrud (Persian: خررود‎ also Romanized as Khorrūd) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Becker Stone House is a historic home located at Schoharie in Schoharie County New York. It is a two-story three-bay rectangular block with walls of locally quarried coursed stone and rubble and a gable roof. When originally built between 1772 and 1775 it is reported to have had a gambrel roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Love Moves is the seventh studio album by Kim Wilde released in May 1990.The album contained six tracks written by Ricki and Kim Wilde and four tracks written by Kim Wilde and Tony Swain. It was produced by Ricki Wilde.
 Violence and the Sacred (French: La violence et le sacré) is a 1972 book by French anthropologist René Girard.
 Crying Freeman (クライング フリーマン Kuraingu Furīman) is a manga series written by Kazuo Koike and illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami. Crying Freeman follows an assassin a Japanese man hypnotized and trained by the Chinese mafia (called the 108 Dragons) to serve as its agent and covered in a vast and complex dragon tattoo.
 The Red-shouldered Tanager (Tachyphonus phoenicius) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland.
 Valley Lodge is the debut studio album by the American power pop band Valley Lodge released in 2005. It was re-released in Japan in September 2008 with three bonus tracks.
 Conrad Weiser Homestead is the historic home of Johann Conrad Weiser who enlisted the Iroquois on the British side in the French and Indian War. The home a designated National Historic Landmark is administered as a historic house museum by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission near Womelsdorf Berks County Pennsylvania in the United States.
 Clarín (English: flugelhorn) is the largest newspaper in Argentina published by the Grupo Clarín media group. It was founded by Roberto Noble on 28 August 1945. It is popularly understood to oppose the Kirchner government.
 Andrzej Sośnierz (born May 8 1951 in Głuchołazy) is a Polish politician and physician. He is a member of the Sejm for Poland Comes First.He was elected to Sejm on September 25 2005 getting 54876 votes in Katowice standing for Civic Platform. He left the party after criticising the leadership's negative attitude towards a potential coalition with Law and Justice (PiS). After being expelled in January 2006 he joined PiS for whom he ran in the 2007 election.
 The Rufous-breasted Piculet (Picumnus rufiventris) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Francis Mer (born 25 May 1939 in Pau) is a French businessman industrialist and politician. A former alumnus of the École Polytechnique and of the École des Mines de Paris he is a member of the Corps des mines. He was hired in 1970 by the Saint-Gobain group. In 1982 he became chairman of the board of Pont-à-Mousson SA.
 Hildy Kuryk (born September 30 1977) is the Director of Communications for Vogue Magazine and the former National Finance Director of the Democratic National Committee. In 2011 Kuryk was named one of Politico's 50 Politicos to Watch: Fundraisers.
 Metamorphoses (星のオルフェウス Hoshi no Orufeusu Orpheus of the Stars) is a 1979 Japanese animated anthology film originally released by Sanrio in the United States on May 3 1979. The film is a retelling of stories from Metamorphoses by the Roman poet Ovid set to rock music by Arthur Simms and Pattie Brooks.
 The Fierarul River or Râul Fierarilor is a tributary of the Cormoș River in Romania.
 Scieropepla ceramochroa is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Turner in 1919. It is found in Queensland.
 Radisson Blu Hotel Hamburg is a 5-star hotel in Hamburg Germany. It is owned by Radisson Hotels & Resorts. It is 108 meters tall. It is the tallest hotel in Hamburg and also the tallest building in the city. It is situated near Dammtor-Bahnhof and Congress Center Hamburg (CCH). It has 32 floors and 556 rooms. It was built between 1970-1973 and it was named Hotel Plaza Hamburg. In 1988 it was bought by SAS Group.
 Oresama Teacher (俺様ティーチャー Ore-sama Tīchā) is a Japanese manga serialized in shōjo manga magazine Hana to Yume since 2007 written and illustrated by Izumi Tsubaki. As of the end of 2012 15 bound volumes have been released under the Hana to Yume Comics label. The manga is published in English by Viz Media and Madman Entertainment and in French by Delcourt.
 The Midnight Flyer is a 1918 short film directed by George Marshall and starring Hoot Gibson.
 Asura nubifascia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the north-western Himalayas.
 The Ignorance of Blood is the final novel in Robert Wilson's Javier Falcón series set in Seville.
 Mount Fernow is a tall peak in the North Cascades in the U.S. state of Washington and within the Glacier Peak Wilderness of the Wenatchee National Forest. At 9249 feet (2819 m) in elevation it is the eighth highest peak in Washington and the state's third highest non-volcanic peak. It is also the highest peak of the Entiat Mountains a sub-range of the Cascades. Mount Fernow's prominence is 2811 ft (857 m) making it the 60th most prominent peak in Washington.
 Rachid Mohamed Rachid or Rasheed Mohamed Rasheed became Egypt's Minister of Foreign Trade and Industry in July 2004. Two years later the ministry was expanded to include domestic trade within Egypt and was renamed the Ministry of Trade and Industry (MTI). He has been described as the first businessman ever to hold a cabinet position in Egypt and as a reformer. On February 1 2011 during the 2011 Egyptian revolution Rachid traveled to Dubai.
 Moqarrab-e Yek (Persian: مقرب يك‎; also known as Moqarrab) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 80 families.
 Scopula pulchellata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Indo-Australian tropics from India to Taiwan and the Solomon Islands as well as in Africa.
 Simpsonville Christian Church is a historic church on US 60 in Simpsonville Kentucky.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 Tatina Glacier is a glacier in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier begins in the Kichatna Mountains on the north side of the Cathedral Spires moving northeast. Its run-off is the source of the Tatina River.
 The Carroll-Hartshorn House is a historic First Period house at 572 Haverhill Street in Reading Massachusetts. Built c. 1700 it is one of the oldest buildings in Reading. It has a classic two story five bay central chimney plan with a rear shed extension giving the house a saltbox appearance. The property was owned by generations of the Hartshorn family.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 César Juan Loustau Infantozzi usually known as César J. Loustau (5 February 1926 - 4 February 2011) was a Uruguayan architect and architectural historian.
 Syricoris is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.The genus Syricoris is sometimes included in the closely related genus Celypha.
 Casper's Haunted Christmas is a 2000 direct-to-video film produced by Harvey Comics and Mainframe Entertainment and released by Universal Pictures on October 31 2000. Unlike its direct-to-video predecessors this video was completely computer animated. It stars Brendan Ryan Barrett as the voice of Casper the Friendly Ghost. Randy Travis provided original music.It was aired on Cartoon Network up to 2009. Today rights to Casper's Haunted Christmas are owned by DreamWorks Classics.
 Manhattan Nocturne is a crime novel by Colin Harrison set in Manhattan first published in 1996. It involves a New York City newspaper columnist who becomes involved with a woman with a shady past. The novel was published in America in hardcover by Crown and remains in print by Picador in trade paperback. Fifteen foreign paperback and bookclub editions were published and the book was selected a New York Times Notable Book.
 Music Inspired by Watership Down is a progressive rock album by Swedish musician Bo Hansson. The album is Hansson's fourth solo album and is as its name suggests built around musical ideas inspired by Richard Adams' heroic fantasy novel Watership Down. It was the second album of Hansson's to have been based on a novel; his first solo album Music Inspired by Lord of the Rings had likewise been based on J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings.
 Hellinsia varius is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in California and Arizona.The wingspan is 19–23 millimetres (0.75–0.91 in). The head is whitish faintly touched with brown above. The antennae are white and usually vaguely brown dotted above. The thorax and abdomen are white.
 Heliozela gracilis is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Zeller in 1873. It is found in North America including Texas.
 Bhadgau Sinawari is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8737 people living in 1681 individual households.
 Confidences is a 2010 French language album by Canadian singer Roch Voisine. It includes the single Décembre. It was released in Canada on September 4 2012 with re-ordered track list some song substitutions and alternate versions of D'Amérique (new musical arrangements and lyrics adapted for Canadians) and Libre (new musical arrangements).
 Yding Skovhøj in Horsens municipality Jutland is one of Denmark's highest points. Its height is 172.54 m above sea level when the height of one of the Bronze Age burial mounds built on the top of the hill is included. If these man-made structures are ignored the hill's highest point is at 170.77 m which is 9 cm lower than Denmark's highest natural point Møllehøj at 170.86 m. Ejer Bavnehøj is Denmark's third highest natural point at 170.35 m.Yding Forest covers the hill.
 Dubianaclia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Environment and Behavior is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the fields of environmental psychology and environmental studies. The editor-in-chief is Barbara Brown (University of Utah). It was established in 1969 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Suillia pilimana is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Gablin [ˈɡablin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dominowo 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 31 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Stracilla is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Płonina [pwɔˈnina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztutowo within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Sztutowo 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Rock 'n' Roll with the Modern Lovers is an album by Jonathan Richman and the Modern Lovers released by the Beserkley Records label in August 1977.
 Ab Zani (Persian: آب زني‎ also Romanized as Āb Zanī) is a village in Lishtar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 The Rundel Memorial Building is a historic library building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is the original downtown site of the Rochester Public Library and along with the Bausch & Lomb Library Building directly across the street serves as the Central Library of Rochester and Monroe County. It is a framed in reinforced concrete and faced in smooth Indiana limestone.
 The Waipati River alternatively known as the Chaslands River is a river in the eastern Catlins New Zealand. It rises in the Maclennan Range and flows south-eastward into the Waipati Beach north of Chaslands Mistake.
 The Journal of Engineering in Medicine Part H of the Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE) is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research across the field of engineering in medicine. The journal was first published under its current title in 1989 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of IMechE.
 La Novela is an album by Akwid released in March 2008. Special guests include Voces del Rancho Fidel Rueda Raul Hernandez Los Tucanes de Tijuana Rocio Saldoval La Peligrosa El Flaco Elizalde Palomo Jenni Rivera Kuky and Chino XL. It received a nomination for Best Latin Urban Album at the Grammy Awards of 2009.
 The Brooklyn Historical Society (BHS) founded in 1863 is a museum library and educational center preserving and encouraging the study of Brooklyn's 400-year past.
 Shine was the eighth studio album released exclusively in Japan in 2004 by singer Cyndi Lauper. The album was ready for release in 2001 but Edel Records the label it was recorded with folded. The leaked tracks from a demonstration disc quickly circulated on the Internet and by 2002 Lauper realized there was no point in trying to release it in a widespread fashion. Two EPs were released instead: One was also called Shine and the other was called Shine Remixes.
 Strange Brew (also known as The Adventures of Bob & Doug McKenzie: Strange Brew) is a 1983 Canadian comedy film starring the popular SCTV characters Bob and Doug McKenzie portrayed by Dave Thomas and Rick Moranis who also served as co-directors. Co-stars include Max von Sydow Paul Dooley Lynne Griffin and Angus MacInnes.Most of the film was shot in the Southern Ontario area. Toronto Scarborough Kitchener and Hamilton were the main locations.
 I Tartassati is an Italian comedy film from 1959 directed by Stefano Vanzina written by Aldo Fabrizi starring Totò and Louis de Funès. The film is known under the titles The Overtaxed (English title) Fripouillard et Compagnie (France).
 Third Album for the Sun is the second album by Dissolve released on August 4 1997 through Kranky Records.
 Motorcycle Diaries is an upcoming Malayalam film directed by Rajesh Pillai starring Kunchako Boban in the lead role. The film is based on the mental relationship between one motorcycle and his previous owner. The film is being produced by Sugeeth (director of Ordinary) and Satheesh under the banner of Ordinary Films. Bollywood scenarist Suresh Nair Tamil writer Jeyamohan and Rajesh Pillai wrote the script. Santosh Thundiyil and Aneesh Lal crank the camera for the film.
 Kuruvi (English: Sparrow) is a 2008 Tamil action thriller film written and directed by Dharani. Produced by Udhayanidhi Stalinthe movie stars Vijay Trisha Krishnan and Suman in the lead roles. Vivek Ashish Vidyarthi Manivannan and Malavika played other roles in the movie. The film opened to Indian audiences after several delays on 3 May 2008 to positive reviews.The movie was dubbed into Telugu as Dopidi And Hindi As Jo Jeeta Wohi Baazigar.
 Electric Dreams is the debut album of dance trio group Slinkee Minx which was released on 28 July 2007. It is a two-disc album with 23 songs. All four of their singles are featured on the album including Summer Rain Closer Someday and Way of Life.
 Wild Horse Hank is a movie filmed in 1978 directed by Eric Till starring Linda Blair Michael Wincott and Richard Crenna. The movie is based on the teen novel The Wild Horse Killers written by Mel Ellis in 1978.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: سيداباد‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād; also known as Sa‘īdābād and Saiyidābād) is a village in Bampur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bampur County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1153 in 244 families.
 K. P. Rajendran (born 3 November 1954) is an Indian politician State Executive Member of Communist Party of India and National Working Committee Member of All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC). He was the Minister for Revenue and Land Reforms in the Left Democratic Front government under V. S. Achuthanandan from 2006-2011 . He represented the Kodungallur constituency in Thrissur district in the Kerala Legislative Assemblyfrom 2006 to 2011.
 Yengijeh (Persian: ينگيجه‎); also Romanized as Yengījeh; also known as Yengejeh is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 444 in 73 families.
 Nadakame Ulakam (Malayalam: നാടകമേ ഉലകം) is a 2011 Malayalam-language comedy film directed by Viji Thampi and starring Mukesh Vinu Mohan Sarayu and Saranya Mohan in the lead roles. Its songs are composed by veteran music director Johnson with lyrics penned by Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri. The film released on 25 February.
 Cherpulassery is a village and gram panchayat in Palakkad district Kerala south India. Geographically it is a junction of roads converging from four towns -- Ottapalam Pattambi Mannarkkad and Perinthalmanna. This town can be ideal location for the capital of proposed Valluvanad district. A couple of kilometres north of the place at Kacherikunnu the semi-hilly road also branches off eastwards to the district headquarters town of Palakkad.
 Kehala is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Cheiracanthium abbreviatum is a spider species found in France and Denmark.
 Banner of the Stars (星界の戦旗 Seikai no Senki lit. Battle Flag of the Stars) is a series of science fiction novels written by Hiroyuki Morioka which serve as sequels to Crest of the Stars. The series is ongoing. Three novels in the series have been made into anime.
 The River Kinder is a small river only about 3 miles (4.8 km) long in northwestern Derbyshire England. Rising on the peat moorland plateau of Kinder Scout it flows generally westwards to its confluence with the River Sett at Bowden Bridge. En route it flows through the Kinder Gates rocks over the waterfall known as Kinder Downfall and through Kinder Reservoir built in 1911 by the Stockport Corporation Water Works.
 Mariampol [maˈrjampɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaktorów within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Odd Women is an 1893 novel by the English novelist George Gissing. Its themes are the role of women in society marriage morals and the early feminist movement.
 Michael Gau (Chinese: 高聖惕; pinyin: Gāo Shèngtì) is an educator in the Republic of China. He currently serves as Vice Chairman of the Aviation Safety Council since 21 May 2012.
 The Peabody School is a historic school building at 170 Salem Street in Haverhill Massachusetts. The two story Romanesque Revival brick and stone building was built in 1895 by architect C. Willis Damon for the town of Bradford (which was annexed to Haverhill two years later); it was the last school building Bradford built.
 The Păltiniș River is a tributary of the Cernul River in Romania.
 Our Enemy—The Japanese was a 1943 short film produced by the US Navy and Office of War Information to provide background knowledge about the wartime foe.The film begins with the narrator former U.S. ambassador to Japan Joseph C.
 Shahrak-e Baba Abbas (Persian: شهرك باباعباس‎ also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Bābā ‘Abbās; also known as Bābā ‘Abbās Bābā ‘Abbās-e Daym and Bābā ‘Abbās-e Bālā) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1151 in 263 families.
 Kušeši is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hasanbegovci (Cyrillic: Хасанбеговци) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 I'd Climb the Highest Mountain is a 1951 religious drama film made by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. It was directed by Henry King and produced by Lamar Trotti from a screenplay by Henry King and Lamar Trotti based on the novel by Corra Harris about a minister and his wife in the South of the 1910s.
 Dearly Devoted Dexter (2005) is a crime/horror novel by Jeff Lindsay the second in his series about psychopathic vigilante Dexter Morgan which has been adapted into a television series. It is narrated by the title character.
 George Frederick Gair CMG QSO (born 13 October 1926) is a former New Zealand politician. He was once deputy leader of the National Party in the Parliament of New Zealand and was considered by many to be a possible contender for the leadership itself. He was known for his polite and diplomatic style which often contrasted with the political situation around him – Michael Laws described him as a refugee from the age of manners. He is the father of Joanne Gair.
 Calocalanus pavo is a species of copepod in the family Calocalanidae.
 Loch Libo is a freshwater loch in East Renfrewshire Parish of Neilston Scotland. The Lugton Water has its source from the southern end of loch running 14 miles before reaching its confluence with the River Garnock near Kilwinning. The village of Uplawmoor and the hamlet of Shillford lie nearby. 3 mi (4.8 km) away to the southwest is the town of Neilston.
 Tokyo Day Trip is a live EP by Pat Metheny Christian McBride and Antonio Sanchez referred to on the official Pat Metheny website as the Pat Metheny Trio and released on May 13 2008. The album was recorded live at Blue Note Tokyo in Tokyo Japan.
 The Church of St James the Less Tatham is located in the village of Tatham Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Tunstall the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of St Wilfrid Melling St John the Baptist Tunstall St Peter Leck the Good Shepherd Lowgill and Holy Trinity Wray to form the benefice of East Lonsdale. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Cepora timnatha is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Indonesia.
 Duress is an American film in the psychological thriller genre. The film was initially screened at various film festivals in the United States Poland and Russia and received favorable reviews.
 Bratsberg Church (Norwegian: Bratsberg kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the Bratsberg area southeast of the city of Trondheim and east of Heimdal. The church is part of the Bratsberg parish in the Strinda deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The church was built in 1850 and was consecrated by the Bishop Hans Jørgen Darre.
 The Stonewall Jackson's Headquarters Museum is a house at 415 North Braddock Street Winchester Virginia owned by Lieutenant Colonel Lewis Tilghman Moore commander of the 31st Virginia Militia. Later while commanding the 4th Virginia Infantry Moore offered his home to serve as the headquarters for Confederate Major General Thomas J. Stonewall Jackson.
 Uelia sepidapex is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Merry Christmas To You also known as Twelve Girls of Christmas is an album by Twelve Girls Band. It consists of twelve tracks in a sort of modernized Chinese form. It was released in 2005 and is also considered as a Christmas album in which they cover well-known Christmas Songs.
 La professoressa di scienze naturali is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini.
 Notyst Mały [ˈnɔtɨst ˈmawɨ] (German: Klein Notisten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Mrągowo and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 This Is the Day...This Is the Hour...This Is This! is the second album by UK band Pop Will Eat Itself. The album did well in the UK going at number #24 for two weeks in the UK Charts it also went at number #169 in the Billboard charts for six weeks.
 Lake Poygan located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin near the village of Winneconne is an expansive widening of the Wolf River totaling over 14000 acres (57 km²). Lake Poygan is part of the Winnebago Pool a series of interconnected lakes fed by both the Fox and Wolf Rivers.
 Jabłonkowo [jabwɔnˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirosławiec within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Mirosławiec 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Wałcz and 113 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 180.
 Keldholme Priory was a nunnery in North Yorkshire England. It was established between 1140-1160.
 The Moneypaper is a monthly financial newsletter published by The Moneypaper Inc. that is geared towards the small investor and long-term investing strategies. Its name comes from the original format of the publication that of a newspaper. Its current format is that of a magazine. New issues are released every month.
 Mosayyeb Mahalleh (Persian: مصيب محله‎ also Romanized as Moşayyeb Maḩalleh; also known as Masaf and Moşaf) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Galugah County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 23 families.
 Proof is a 1991 Australian film by Jocelyn Moorhouse starring Hugo Weaving Geneviève Picot and Russell Crowe. It was chosen as Best Film at the 1991 Australian Film Institute Awards along with 5 other awards including Moorhouse for Best Director Weaving for Best Leading Actor and Crowe for Best Supporting Actor.
 Gordon Hall Mansfield (September 15 1941 – January 29 2013) was an American military veteran who was Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs between 2004 and 2008.
 Air Doll (空気人形 Kūki Ningyō) is a 2009 Japanese drama film directed by Hirokazu Koreeda. It is based on the manga series Kuuki Ningyo by Yoshiie Gōda which was serialized in the seinen manga magazine Big Comic Original and is about an inflatable doll that develops a consciousness and falls in love. The movie debuted in the Un Certain Regard section at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival.
 Peripsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha. Members of the family are characterised by their absence of an areola postica in their wings. Many of the recently described genera are closely allied to Peripsocus and only two genera are presented here. The family includes more than 200 species.
 Door to Door is the sixth studio album by the American rock band The Cars. It was released in 1987 on Elektra Records.
 Gonocephalus chamaeleontinus the Javan Humphead Lizard is a species of agama from Indonesia and Malaysia
 Standon Preceptory was a Knights Hospitaller foundation in Hertfordshire England.
 Callicorixa wollastoni is a species of water boatman in the family Corixidae in the order Hemiptera.
 Fragments is an EP by Bournemouth alternative group Rapids! released in various countries in 2011.
 Torodora vietnamensis is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in northern Vietnam.The wingspan is 19-20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is shiny golden brown often with a yellowish triangular or elongate patch before the tornus on the inner margin. The hindwings are pale yellowish brown.
 The Grossglockner (German: Großglockner or just Glockner Slovene: Veliki Klek) is at 3798 metres above the Adriatic (12461 ft) the highest mountain of Austria and the highest mountain in the Alps east of the Brenner Pass. It is part of the larger Glockner Group of the Hohe Tauern range situated along the main ridge of the Central Eastern Alps and the Alpine divide.
 Early Rebel Recordings: 1962–1971 is a compilation album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen. A collection of 110 songs 5 of them previously unreleased divided on 4 CD's the album includes various lineups of the early Country Gentlemen. It includes the first and second classic lineup while adding Dobro of Mike Auldridge or second guitar by Pete Kuykendall.
 Sandkings is a novelette by George R. R. Martin published in the August 1979 issue of Omni. It won both the Hugo and Nebula awards the only one of Martin's stories to have done so.
 The Arizona Daily Star is the major morning daily newspaper that serves Tucson and surrounding districts of southern Arizona in the United States. The paper was purchased by Pulitzer in 1971; Lee Enterprises bought Pulitzer in 2005.The Star was in a joint operating agreement with the Tucson Citizen a smaller paper owned by Gannett (and was Tucson's afternoon paper six days per week except Sunday when the Star published Tucson's only Sunday paper) until that paper became online only.
 James Patrick Rossiter (born September 13 1890 Philadelphia Pennsylvania died September 26 1943 Erie Pennsylvania) was a prominent politician in Pennsylvania.
 The Tale of the Pie and the Patty-Pan (originally The Pie and the Patty-Pan) is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter and published by Frederick Warne & Co. in October 1905. It tells of a cat called Ribby and a tea party she holds for a dog called Duchess. Complications arise when Duchess tries to replace Ribby's mouse pie with her own veal and ham pie and then believes she has swallowed a small tin pastry form called a patty-pan.
 Traces is a collection of short stories written by British sci-fi author Stephen Baxter.
 Hey Everybody is the Brazilian edition best of album by Jennifer Love Hewitt released in late 2007.The album features songs from Hewitt's albums Let's Go Bang (1995) Jennifer Love Hewitt (1996) and BareNaked (2002). It also comprises the theme songs from the films I Still Know What You Did Last Summer and The Hunchback of Notre Dame II. The compilation also features an acoustic version of Hewitt's biggest hit Can I Go Now.
 The Eagle in the Sand is a novel written by Simon Scarrow published by Headline Book Publishing in 2006. Its the seventh book in the Eagle series starting with Macro and Cato's transfer to the eastern provinces of Rome.
 Vangsvik Chapel (Norwegian: Vangsvik kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Tranøy in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Vangsvik. The church is part of the Tranøy parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The concrete church was built in 1975 and it seats about 150 people.
 The Verdele River is a tributary of the Câlneș River in Romania.
 Cleopatra is a 1999 fictional film portrayal of the Egyptian queen Cleopatra produced by Hallmark Entertainment starring Leonor Varela as the title character Timothy Dalton as Julius Caesar Billy Zane as Mark Antony Rupert Graves as Octavius Sean Pertwee as Brutus and Bruce Payne as Cassius. The movie was based on the book Memoirs of Cleopatra by Margaret George. The film was shown first on television in two parts and then released on videotape and DVD.
 Mayrig (Mother) is a 1991 semi-autobiographical film written and directed by French-Armenian filmmaker Henri Verneuil. The film's principal cast includes Claudia Cardinale and Omar Sharif. It is about the struggles of an Armenian family that emigrates to France from Turkey after the Armenian Genocide of 1915.Following the film's success Verneuil edited the movie into a television series.
 Emmanuelle is a 1974 French softcore pornography film directed by Just Jaeckin. The film's story is based on the novel Emmanuelle. The film stars Sylvia Kristel in the title role about a woman who takes a trip to Bangkok to enhance her sexual experience.
 This 1958 album is a compilation of Jo Stafford's greatest hits.
 Un Atardecer de amor is a 1943 Argentine romantic drama film directed and written by Rogelio Geissmann.The film starred Floren Delbene and Ana Arneodo.
 Mount Ogden is a peak in Weber County Utah in the northern Wasatch Range.Mount Ogden has an elevation of 9570 feet (2917 m). The peak is popular with hikers particularly in its three main canyons: Beus Waterfall and Taylor Canyons. The mountain’s east face has some good technical crack and face climbing routes. The summit features several large radio towers and a helipad.Mount Ogden is home to Snowbasin ski resort where the 2002 Olympics downhill ski races were held.
 The Oquirrh School at 350 South 400 East in Salt Lake City Utah was built in 1894. It was designed by architect Richard K.A. Kletting in Romanesque and/or Renaissance style. It has also been known as Oquirrh Place.It is the only one out of 10 schools designed by Kletting in Salt Lake City that survives. It was a school into the 1960s and since has been adaptively reused.
 Prisoners is a 1981 American-New Zealand drama film directed by Peter Werner and starring Tatum O'Neal Colin Friels and David Hemmings.Although its budget was roughly $4.2 million it was never released. Although myth has arisen that Tatum's father Ryan O'Neal purchased the rights to the film to prevent its release this is in fact untrue.
 The Musée Ingres (Ingres Museum) is located in Montauban France. It houses a collection of artworks and artifacts related to Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres and works by another famous native of Montauban Antoine Bourdelle. In 1851 Ingres at 71 years of age gave part of his collection including copies work of pupils and Greek vases as a gift to the city of his birth. The Ingres room was inaugurated in 1854.
 Good News is the second studio album released by German singer and songwriter Lena Meyer-Landrut. It was released in Germany on 8 February 2011 through Universal Music following Meyer-Landrut's win of the Eurovision Song Contest in 2010. The album includes the songs performed by Lena during the televised preselection process for the song she would perform at the 2011 contest to defend her title.
 The Masonic Temple in Salina Kansas is a building from 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Kleine Schmalenau is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Sabugi River is a river of Paraíba and Rio Grande do Norte states in northeastern Brazil.
 The National Institute of Ear Nose and Throat Bangladesh is a specialized hospital and training center in Ear Nose and Throat (Otorhinolaryngology) diseases located in Tejgaon Dhaka Bangladesh. Construction of the institute began in 2009 and the new 12-storied building was inaugurated by the Prime Minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina in June 19 2013.
 The Most Dangerous Game is a first person narrative novel by English author Gavin Lyall first published in 1964. The plot of the novel is totally different from the Richard Connell short story The Most Dangerous Game.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Chah-e Mutur Shahid Ahmadarduni (Persian: چاه موتورشهيد احمداردوني‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Mūtūr Shahīd Āḥmdārdūnī) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 21 families.
 Hitting a New High is a 1937 comedy film directed by Raoul Walsh. It stars Lily Pons and Jack Oakie. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1938 in the category Best Sound (John Aalberg).
 The Scranton Iron Furnaces is a historic site that preserves the heritage of iron making in the U.S. State of Pennsylvania and is located in Scranton near the Steamtown National Historic Site. It protects the remains of four stone blast furnaces which were built between 1848 and 1857. Iron production on the site was started by Scranton Grant & Company in 1840. Later the furnaces were operated by the Lackawanna Iron & Coal Company.
 Wangdusan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1044 metres.
 An American Rhapsody is a 2001 Hungarian-American biographical drama film that tells a story of 15-year-old girl from a Hungarian-American family. The film is based on the true story of the director Éva Gárdos who also wrote the script.The film stars Nastassja Kinski Scarlett Johansson and others.
 Dancing Backward in High Heels is the fifth studio album by the New York Dolls. It was released on March 15 2011 on 429 Records. Dancing Backward in High Heels can best be described as a departure from the New York Dolls hard rock punk sound and a return to the girl group 1960's rock invasion genre that both David Johansen and Sylvain Sylvain have claimed to love.
 Ziarul Financiar is a daily financial newspaper published in Bucharest Romania. Aside from business information it features sections focusing on careers and properties as well as a special Sunday newspaper. Ziarul Financiar also publishes Transylvanian Proprietati Ziarul de duminica Profesii Dupa afaceri supplements and a monthly magazine go4it! which is provided freely to the newspaper's subscribers.
 The name Rea Brook can refer to either of two brooks (a local term for a small river) in Shropshire England. One of the brooks which eventually becomes the River Rea is in southern Shropshire. It is to the east of Brown Clee Hill.The other is a minor river that begins at Marton Pool near the Wales-England border.
 Ruben J. Ramos Jr. (born December 30 1973) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2008 where he represents the 33rd Legislative District. He also served as a city councilman in Hoboken.
 Weights and Measures is a 1997 album by Spirit of the West. It was their final album of new material for Warner Music Canada.It was the band's first album following the departure of Linda McRae to whom the final song The Hammer and the Bell is dedicated. It was also the band's most directly folk-influenced album in many years as Canadian Skye Rites of Man Circus and The Hammer and the Bell are all arranged partly around traditional Celtic jigs and reels.
 The Antoine River is a 50.4-mile-long (81.1 km) tributary of the Little Missouri River in southwestern Arkansas in the United States. Via the Little Missouri Ouachita and Red rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. According to the GNIS it has also been known as Antoine Creek. A short headwater tributary of the river is known as the Little Antoine River.
 Deh Now (Persian: دهنو‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Now and Deh-i-Nau) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Established in 1984 and published monthly by Mondiale Publishing Ltd NIGHT magazine covers operational technical and design developments within bars clubs student unions casinos and live venues across the UK. Through its partnership with nightclub association Noctis and research arm CGA the magazine is able to provide legal political and operational guidance alongside information from installers manufacturers and service providers working within the nightclub industry.
 Krosienko [krɔˈɕenkɔ] (German: Krossenfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Pasłęk 12 km (7 mi) east of Elbląg and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 70.
 Watermelon Man is a 1970 American comedy-drama film directed by Melvin Van Peebles. Written by Herman Raucher it tells the story of an extremely bigoted 1960s white insurance salesman named Jeff Gerber who wakes up one morning to find that he has become black.
 Torellia insignis is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae the cap snails.
 Orthocomotis auchmera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Paraná).
 My Love Affair with Trains is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard released in 1976.
 Cheloniellida is an unranked taxon (usually referred to as a class or order) of extinct Paleozoic arthropods currently (Dunlop & Selden 1997; Dunlop 2002) thought to be a member of the Arachnomorpha and related to the Chelicerata and the Trilobita while not included in any of those. There are six included genera dating from Ordovician Silurian and Devonian.
 Agaronia nica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Thomas O'Hagan 1st Baron O'Hagan KP PC QC (29 May 1812 – 1 February 1885) was an Irish lawyer and judge. He served as Lord Chancellor of Ireland from 1868 to 1874 and again from 1880 to 1881.
 E. T. Mohammed Basheer (born 1946 Malayalam: ഇ.ടി. മുഹമ്മദ് ബഷീർ) born July 1 1946 at Mapprom village in the present day Malappuram district of then British India) is a Member of India's Parliament who was elected to Lok Sabha from the Ponnani constituency Kerala with a margin of 86000 votes. He is a member of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Social Justice and Empowerment and a member of the parliamentary consultative committee.
 Alma Ranchera (Soul Ranchera) is the title of last studio album released by Spanish performer Rocío Dúrcal on September 14 2004 by BMG and RCA. Produced by Memo Gil and Carlos Cabral Junior.
 Lost Grove Lake is a reservoir currently being constructed in the rural part of the city of Eldridge and rural Scott County Iowa. Construction on the main ramp should begin in mid to late June and barring weather delays is expected to last two months. Once work on the main ramp is completed the gate will be closed. The completion timeline for the main middle and west ramps is March 2014.
 John C. Atkins (born April 29 1970) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Delaware House of Representatives since January 14 2003 representing District 41. Atkins was originally elected as a Republican in 2002 and switched parties in 2008.
 Koldada is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3581 people living in 456 individual households.
 Paranerita kennedyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1917. It is found in Brazil.
 Toxiclionella haliplex is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 McPike Mansion or Mount Lookout is a mansion in Alton which is part of the Metro-East region of the Greater St. Louis metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Illinois. Built in 1869 by Henry Guest McPike (1825–1910) it is situated on Alby Street on a site of 15 acres (61000 m2) one of the highest points in Alton which was called Mount Lookout. The structure appeared in the series Scariest Places on Earth. It was also featured on Season 1 Episode 7 of Fact or Faked: Paranormal Files.
 Yes My Darling Daughter is a 1939 American drama film directed by William Keighley and starring Priscilla Lane. Ellen Murray (Priscilla Lane) is a young woman is determined to spend a weekend with her lover Douglas Hall (Jeffrey Lynn) before he takes off to Europe for his new job.
 The Bodil River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 Răscoala is a 1965 Romanian drama film directed by Mircea Mureșan. Mureşan won the prize for Best First Work at the 1966 Cannes Film Festival. It was the first Romanian film to be submitted to the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. However it failed to be nominated. Since then no Romanian film has won the prize or been nominated for it.
 That's It is the 1999 album by Jimmy Ibbotson.
 Twin Trees Farm is a historic home located at Richboro Northampton Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The first section was built about 1740-1760 and is a 1 1/2-story one room rubble brownstone structure with an attic above. The larger section was built in 1779 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay cut brownstone house in the Georgian style. The rear side is built of rubble fieldstone.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Kylie Tapes 94–98 is the VHS release by Australian singer-songwriter Kylie Minogue. It was released by Mushroom Records in 1998 in Australia only. It contains her music videos from 1994 to 1998.
 The Turn of the Wheel (1918) is a lost silent film romantic drama produced and distributed by Goldwyn Pictures. Reginald Barker directed and Geraldine Farrar starred.
 Life is Elsewhere is the second studio album by Newcastle band Little Comets. The album was released on 15 October 2012. It includes the EPs Worry Jennifer and A Little Opus.
 Lieutenant General Joseph Arthur Ankrah (18 August 1915 – 25 November 1992) served as the first commander of the Army of Ghana the Ghanaian Chief of the Defence Staff and from 1966 and 1969 as the second head of state.
 Loch of Craiglush is a loch near Dunkeld in Perth and Kinross Scotland. The loch is also a designated Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) as well as forming part of a Special Area of Conservation.
 KazaTelugu = కాజ  is a village and large Panchayati Raj in Movva Mandal in Krishna district in the state of Andhra Pradesh India. The population of the village is more than 10000 and the biggest village in Movva Mandal. Kaza village was formed in the name of the Hindu Goddess Kazamma.Coming to village historyThe statue of Hindu Goddess Kaazamma was found in a Paddy field. Latterly it was formed as Kazaby the name of that Goddess.
 Yordan Sokolov sometimes spelled as Jordan Sokolov (born 18 January 1933) is a Bulgarian jurist and politician Minister of Internal affairs between 1991-1992 three mandates an MP between January 1995 and June 2005 and he is a Speaker (бълг. председател) of Parliament between 1997 - 2001. In 2004 together with Ivan Kostov and other MPs founds DSB but in 2005 he leaves the political scene and returned to lawyer practice.
 Gaba Kawa (ガバ·カワ) is a fantasy manga by Rie Takada originally serialized in Japan from July to November 2007 by Shogakukan in Shōjo Comic and collected in a single bound volume. It tells the story of a demon girl named Rara who comes to the human world to cause mischief only to find herself falling in love with a human boy.
 The Centenary Baptist Church is a Baptist church in the city of Secunderabad India. It was established in the year 1875 and has a current membership of more than 3000 members. The original older structure and a new centenary structure built in 1991 exist side by side in the same premises. Worship services are only held in the new sanctuary. The church offers services in Telugu English Hindi and Manipuri.
 Cradock Provincial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Inxuba Yethemba Local Municipality area in Cradock Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 Sinhapitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The Natal Spurfowl or Natal Francolin (Pternistis natalensis) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.It is found in Botswana Mozambique South Africa Swaziland Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Leading Comics was a comic book published by what is now DC Comics during the 1940s and early 1950s a period known to fans and historians as the Golden Age of Comic Books. At the title's inception DC was actually two companies National Comics (later National Periodical Publications) and All-American Publications. National and All-American shared some ownership and advertised and co-branded their comics as if they were one company.
 Bobrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 The City of Falling Angels is a non-fiction work by John Berendt. The book tells the story of some interesting inhabitants of Venice Italy whom the author met while living there in the months following a fire which destroyed the historic La Fenice opera house in 1996.The book explores local reactions to the fire from the American Save Venice Foundation to Venice's bureaucratic government.
 The Candeias River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Hartford Courant is the largest daily newspaper in the U.S. state of Connecticut and is often recognized as the oldest continuously-published newspaper in the United States. A morning newspaper serving most of the state north of New Haven and east of Waterbury its headquarters on Broad Street are a short walk from the state capitol. It reports regional news with a chain of bureaus in smaller cities and a series of local editions.
 Gulella foliifera is a species of very small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae. This species is endemic to Tanzania.
 Lieutenant Ralph Clark (30 March 1755 or 1762 – June 1794) was a British officer in the Royal Marines best known for his diary spanning the early years of British settlement in Australia including the voyage of the First Fleet. Born in Edinburgh Scotland Clark saw service in the American Revolutionary War before volunteering for the voyage to Australia.
 Reko is a village on the southwestern coast of Savo Island Central Province Solomon Islands. The Ocean Express stops off at Reko between Honiara and Tulagi.
 Starczewo [starˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Dobiegniew 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 80.
 The King George V Memorial Hospital for Mothers and Babies is a former hospital exclusively for mothers located near the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital in Sydney Australia located on Missenden Road in Camperdown. It operated from 1941 until its almalgamation into the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital on 14 November 2002.
 Nel Buyi (Persian: نعل بويي‎ also Romanized as N‘el Būyī) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Charles Rockwell Saxbe (born November 2 1946) is an attorney in Ohio and former American politician of the Republican Party. He is the son of former U.S. Attorney General and Senator William B. Saxbe.
 World Covered In Blood is a 2009 album by the American hard rock band X-Sinner. This is their first album of completely new material under the name X-Sinner since their 1991 album Peace Treaty. The album was originally titled Back in Red.
 Watt is a lunar crater that is located in the southeastern part of the Moon. The northwestern third of the crater rim has been completely overlain by the same-sized Steinheil leaving much of the interior floor covered with the outer rampart of ejecta from the latter formation. The remainder of the rim of Watt is somewhat jagged in appearance with an inward bulge along the southeast rim and a pair of small outward projections to the northeast.
 Alsophis is a genus of snakes in the Colubroid Dipsadidae family. They are among those snakes called racers and occur throughout the Caribbean. One species in the genus Alsophis may be the world’s rarest snake and is currently critically endangered. Snakes of the genus Alsophis are small and rear-fanged snakes and they are considered harmless to man. This genus contains at least nine described species.
 Khalifa Suleiman Khalifa (born 9 August 1956) is a Tanzanian CUF politician and Member of Parliament for Gando constituency since 1995.
 Wag the Dog is a 1997 black comedy film produced and directed by Barry Levinson. The screenplay by Hilary Henkin and David Mamet was loosely adapted from Larry Beinhart's novel American Hero. The film stars Dustin Hoffman and Robert De Niro with Anne Heche Denis Leary and William H. Macy in supporting roles.Just days before a presidential election a Washington D.C.
 Hammerfließ is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The Ouachita map turtle or Sabine map turtle (Graptemys ouachitensis) is a species of turtle endemic to the United States.
 Dobrynin [dɔˈbrɨnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przecław within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Przecław 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Mielec and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Genesis Movie Box 1981–2007 is a box set by Genesis which includes the following DVDs:Three Sides Live (1981) released before on VHS only;The Mama Tour (1984) released before on VHS only; featuring The Making of the Mama Album a home video filmed by Phil Collins during the making of Genesis.Live at Wembley Stadium (1987);The Way We Walk - Live in Concert (1992) bonus disc containing an updated version of a VH1 Behind The Music documentary about Genesis which originally aired in 1999 all containing new 2009 5.1 mixes in DTS and Dolby Digital.The box also has an empty jewel case to hold the discs of When in Rome 2007.
 Kliny [ˈklinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Opoczno and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Leonora's Caves is a limestone cave system in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. They are located within Old St. Michael's Cave.
 Hyōka (氷菓 frozen dessert or ice cream) is a Japanese mystery novel by Honobu Yonezawa. It is the first volume of the Classic Literature Club (古典部 Koten-bu) series. Four additional volumes have been published between 2002 and 2010. A manga adaptation drawn by Task Ohna began serialization in the March 2012 issue of Kadokawa Shoten's Shōnen Ace. A 22-episode anime adaptation produced by Kyoto Animation and directed by Yasuhiro Takemoto aired from April 22 to September 16 2012.
 Linda S. Longstreth (born in Mannington West Virginia) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 50 since January 12 2013. Longstreth served consecutively from January 2005 until January 2013 in a District 43 seat.
 The Garrison Landing Historic District also known as Garrison's Landing is a small commercial and residential area located between what is now the Metro-North Hudson Line and the Hudson River in Garrison New York United States. Its buildings were mostly erected in the 1850s around the time the Hudson River Railroad later the New York Central laid the tracks. Much of the construction was spearheaded by the president of a local ferry company to provide rental housing for local workers.
 Sudół [ˈsuduu̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 61 km (38 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 670.
 De pecado en pecado (From Sin to Sin) is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Robert E. Nyce is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 The Static-X Guitar Anthology released October 1 2004 is a book by the Evil Disco band Static-X. The book is filled with guitar tabs from 16 songs from the albums Wisconsin Death Trip Machine and Shadow Zone.
 Blue Chips is a 1994 drama film about basketball directed by William Friedkin written by Ron Shelton and starring Nick Nolte as a college coach and real-life basketball stars Shaquille O'Neal and Anfernee Penny Hardaway as talented finds.It features cameos from noted basketball figures Bob Knight Rick Pitino Nolan Richardson Bob Cousy Larry Bird Jerry Tarkanian Matt Painter Allan Houston Dick Vitale and Jim Boeheim as well as Oscar-winning actor Louis Gossett Jr.
 Paraperplexia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Balewo [baˈlɛvɔ] (German: Groß Baalau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Mikołajki Pomorskie 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Sztum and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany.
 Urris (Irish: Iorras) is an area in the west of the parish of Clonmany in County Donegal Ireland. The area hosts the Urris Gaelic Athletic Association team for Gaelic football which has a pitch located just outside Urris in the Townland of Straid.
 El Gran Calavera (The Great MadCap) is a 1949 Mexican comedy film directed by Luis Buñuel its original premise has been used for the 2013 Mexican film Nosotros los Nobles.
 Every-Night Dreams (夜ごとの夢 Yogoto no yume) is a 1933 Japanese drama film directed by Mikio Naruse.The film follows a single mother who works as a Ginza bar hostess and her struggles to provide for her son in Depression-era Japan.
 Acoustiques is a live album by French duo Les Rita Mitsouko. Les Consonnes and La Tailles Du Bambou were new songs at the time of release and made their début on the album.
 The Way West is a 1949 western novel by A. B. Guthrie Jr. (descendant of a family that traveled west). The novel won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1950. The book became the basis for a film starring Kirk Douglas Robert Mitchum and Richard Widmark.The novel is one in the sequence of six by A. B. Guthrie Jr. dealing with the Oregon Trail and the development of Montana from 1830 the time of the mountain men to the cattle empire of the 1880s to the near present..
 Kourfeye is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Dziekanowice [d͡ʑɛkanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobczyce within Myślenice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north-west of Dobczyce 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Myślenice and 21 km (13 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 The Lesser-spotted Pinion (Cosmia affinis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in central and southern Europe north to Great Britain Denmark southern Sweden up to Saint Petersburg. East its range extends through northern and central Asia up to Japan. It is also found in north-western Africa.The wingspan is 28–33 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August in one generation.The larvae primarily feed on Ulmus species but have also been recorded on Quercus Tilia and Prunus spinosa.
 John Hamilton Cade Jr. (July 9 1928 – January 8 1988) was an Alexandria businessman and a pioneer in the development of the modern American Republican Party in Louisiana. Though he never held elected office himself Cade was the GOP national committeeman and thereafter the Louisiana party chairman from 1976–1978. He was the campaign manager on several occasions for his close friend David C.
 The Institute for Museum Research (German: Institut für Museumsforschung (IfM)) is a national organization which provides services to museums in the Federal Republic of Germany in the areas of research application-oriented teaching and documentation. The Institute was founded in 1979 as a department of the Berlin State Museums overseen by the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation.
 Hastula matheroniana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Ta Kitrina Gantia (Greek: Τα Κίτρινα Γάντια The Yellow Gloves) is a 1960 Greek comedy film made by Finos Films. It was directed by Alekos Sakellarios and stars Nikos Stavridis Mimis Fotopoulos Maro Kontou and Martha Vourtsi.
 Beach Station a national historic district located near Chesterfield in Chesterfield County Virginia. The district includes six contributing buildings and one contributing site in the Village of Beach. They were all constructed about 1890 and are two single-family dwellings a post office a railway depot anoutbuilding two railroad shanties and the ruins of the former general store.
 The Church of the Gesù (Italian: Chiesa del Gesù; Italian pronunciation: [ˈkjɛːza del dʒeˈzu]) is the mother church of the Society of Jesus a Roman Catholic religious order also known as the Jesuits. Officially named Chiesa del Santissimo Nome di Gesù all'Argentina (English: Church of the Most Holy Name of Jesus at the Argentina) its facade is the first truly baroque façade introducing the baroque style into architecture.
 The Blackpool United Hebrew Congregation was an Ashkenazi orthodox community in Blackpool England.
 Heptaloba tanglong is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Vietnam. The habitat consists of long-boled forest with the predominance of Lagerstroemia species and various legumes including Afzelia xylocarpa.The wingspan is about 15 mm. The head thorax and tegulae are brown and the antennae are pale brown. The forewings are reddish-brown and are split in four lobes. Along the costal edge in the distal part of the wing there are four pale spots. The hindwings are pale brown.
 MDZ Online is an Argentine online newspaper published in Mendoza.
 Xymenopsis tcherniai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Adolfo John Canepa (17 December 1940) GMH OBE is a Gibraltarian former politician. He has dedicated most of his life to politics and the development of Gibraltar having served both as Leader of the Opposition and as Chief Minister of Gibraltar from 8 December 1987 to 25 March 1988. During this period he was also the leader of the Association for the Advancement of Civil Rights (AACR). He is the incumbent Speaker of the Gibraltar Parliament.
 Yvon Brochu (born April 25 1944) was a politician in Quebec Canada and a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA).
 The Family Stone is a 2005 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Thomas Bezucha. Produced by Michael London and distributed by 20th Century Fox it stars an ensemble cast including Diane Keaton Craig T. Nelson Dermot Mulroney Sarah Jessica Parker Luke Wilson Claire Danes Rachel McAdams Tyrone Giordano Brian J.
 Reading Hardware Company Butt Works also known as The Hardware is a historic factory building located in Reading Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1875 and consists of two wings connected by a boiler house. They are configured to enclose a courtyard closed by a brick wall. The wings are three- and four-stories and constructed of brick bearing walls with heavy timber framing.
 On the 13th Day is the 17th studio album from the rock group Magnum (including Keeping the Nite Light Burning and ignoring Evolution) which was released in September 2012 under the label of Steamhammer Records/SPV.The album entered the charts at number 3 in the UK Rock & Metal Charts number 5 in the UK Indie Charts number 28 in the German Album Charts #36 Swedish Album Charts #43 UK Album Charts during its first week making it their most successful album since their reformation in 2002 at the time of its release. 
 Michael Mike Futrell (born 1960) is an attorney United States Navy officer public official and Republican politician from Baton Rouge Louisiana.From 2000 to 2005 Futrell served in the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 66 in East Baton Rouge Parish. He resigned a year into his second term to become the state director for freshman U.S. Senator David Vitter.
 King of the Carnival (1955) is a Republic movie serial. It contains a substantial amount of stock footage from the earlier Republic serial Daredevils of the Red Circle. This was the last serial ever made by Republic and is often considered to be one of the worst produced by that company. The plot concerns Treasury Agents investigating a Cold War counterfeiting operation believed to be connected to a circus.
 Qaleh Qassab (Persian: قلعه قصاب‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Qaşşāb) is a village in Tajan Rural District in the Central District of Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 273 in 60 families.
 Morningrise is the second studio album by Swedish progressive metal band Opeth. It was released on June 24 1996 in Europe by Candlelight Records and on June 24 1997 in the United States by Century Black. The recording sessions took place at Unisound studio in Örebro between March and April 1996 and once more the band produced alongside Dan Swanö. Morningrise was the last Opeth album produced by Swanö.
 Swadzim [ˈsfad͡ʑim] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowo Podgórne within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Tarnowo Podgórne and 13 km (8 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 385.
 Kidz in da Hood (Swedish title: Förortsungar lit. Suburb kids) is a 2006 Swedish film directed by Catti Edfeldt and Ylva Gustavsson.The film is also known as F.O.U. in Sweden (promotional abbreviation).
 A Sideman's Journey is the first solo album by German musician and artist Klaus Voormann released in July 2009. Voormann is best known as the creator of the cover art for The Beatles' album Revolver as well as for being a much-in-demand session musician during the 1970s.
 My Little Chickadee (1940) is a Universal comedy/western motion picture starring Mae West and W. C. Fields with Joseph Calleia Ruth Donnelly Margaret Hamilton Donald Meek Willard Robertson Dick Foran George Moran William B. Davidson and Addison Richards. It was directed by Edward F. Cline. The original music was written by Ben Oakland (song Willie of the Valley) and Frank Skinner.West reportedly wrote the original screenplay with Fields contributing one extended scene set in a bar.
 Conus dorotheae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Schott's Miscellanies are a set of best-selling books by Ben Schott. They consist of a collection of trivia generally centred on the culture of the United Kingdom (and to a lesser extent the rest of the European Union and the Commonwealth). Bloomsbury published the first book in 2002 to widespread acclaim. The books are as follows: Schott's Original Miscellany Schott's Food & Drink Miscellany Schott's Sporting Gaming & Idling Miscellany and Schott's Quintessential Miscellany.
 Cistellaria is a comedic Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.
 Juan Alberto Belloch Julbe (born 1950) is a Spanish judge and socialist politician who served in different cabinet posts. He has been the mayor of Zaragoza since June 2003.
 The Goodga River is a river in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.The river is located within the boundaries of Two Peoples Bay Nature Reserve about 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Albany.The river rises to the North of Reservoir Hill and flows in a southerly direction until it discharges into Moates Lake.The name was first recorded in 1913 by a surveyor and is thought to be of Aboriginal origin.The river is home to the endangered fish the Trout Minnow (Galaxias truttaceus) which only occurs between the Goodga and the Angove River. 
 A Turtle's Tale 2: Sammy's Escape from Paradise also known as Sammy's Great Escape is a 2012 animated film sequel to the 2010 animated film A Turtle's Tale: Sammy's Adventures.
 Matusevich Glacier (69°20′S 157°27′E) is a broad glacier about 50 nautical miles (90 km) long with a well developed glacier tongue flowing to the coast of East Antarctica between the Lazarev Mountains and the northwestern extremity of the Wilson Hills.
 New Moon is a posthumous studio album by American singer-songwriter Elliott Smith released on May 8 2007 by Kill Rock Stars. It contains twenty-four previously unreleased songs most recorded between 1994 and 1997 during the sessions for Smith's albums Elliott Smith and Either/Or.The album was well-received by critics and reached number 24 in the US Billboard chart selling about 24000 copies in its first week.
 Huguley Memorial Medical Center is a Seventh-day Adventist medical complex in south Fort Worth Texas operated by Adventist Health System.The campus includes a 213 bed acute care hospital imaging center behavioral center fitness center retirement community nursing center and hospice house.
 The Bank of America Tower is a 38-floor 146 meter skyscraper located in the Admiralty area of Hong Kong Island Hong Kong China.
 Audrey Elizabeth Callaghan Lady Callaghan of Cardiff (née Moulton; 28 July 1913 – 15 March 2005) was the wife of British Prime Minister James Callaghan and was herself a politician and campaigner and fundraiser for children's health and welfare.
 The Colonial Cottage Museum is Wellington's oldest original cottage. It is the home to the story of the Wallis family who lived there for three generations. Tours are available to hear about these early European settlers and their descendants and the heritage garden is always open.
 Robert Charles Matthews PC (June 14 1871 – September 19 1952) was a Canadian politician.Born in Lindsay Ontario Matthews came from a background where public service to others was lauded as a worthy pursuit.The Honourable Robert Charles Matthews received his B.A. from Trinity College University of Toronto. Further business studies took Matthews to Harvard University Boston from which he graduated in 1902.
 Kannonselkä (also called Kannonjärvi) is a medium-sized lake of Central Finland in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is in the area of Kannonkoski municipality. The lake is in quite natural condition and there are good possibilities for fishing. There are several arkeological settlement places in Otaniemi on the lake shore.
 Get It is an album by X-Sinner. Nominated for a Dove award and had three number one singles and five top ten singles.
 Cacozeliana is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cerithiidae.
 Bibio marci or St. Mark's fly is a fly from the family Bibionidae. Their common name comes from the fact that the adults usually emerge around St Mark's Day 25th April.
 Stewardess School is a 1986 American comedy film starring Brett Cullen and Don Most. It is also known for being one of voice veteran Rob Paulsen's very few onscreen roles and up until the early 2000s one of the most played films on the American cable channel Comedy Central.
 Ralph Loyd Ropp (March 3 1897 - March 31 1982) was an Ohio native who from 1949 to 1962 served as the 11th president of Louisiana Tech University in Ruston Louisiana having preceded F. Jay Taylor.
 Eve-Olution is the third studio album by American rapper-songwriter Eve. It was released by Ruff Ryders Entertainment on August 27 2002 distributed through Interscope Records. Production was handled by frequent collaborators Dr. Dre Swizz Beatz and also Irv Gotti among others. The album garnered the internationally successful single Gangsta Lovin' which reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 and R&B/Hip-Hop song charts as well as number four in Australia.
 Skyy is the debut album released by New York City based group Skyy released in 1979 on Salsoul Records.
 Yağmuroğlu Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Let's Hear It for Love is the eighth and latest studio album from American rock and pop singer Benny Mardones.
 Dark Hollow is a 2006 horror novel (first published as The Rutting Season) written by Brian Keene. It tells the story of Adam Senft a struggling writer who discovers that an evil satyr has been summoned by Nelson LeHorn a local witch. The satyr is hypnotising and abducting women in Adam's local town in order to procreate with them.
 Runners High is an album released by The Pillows on January 22 1999. It was the last album to feature guest bassist Tatsuya Kashima. Several songs from the record were later featured in the anime OVA series FLCL by Gainax.
 Kenesaw is a village in Adams County Nebraska United States. The population was 880 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Hastings Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 Give Me Your Soul...Please is a concept album by King Diamond released on June 26 2007. The album's concept and cover art are both based on a painting titled My Mother's Eyes. The black cat featured in the album is based on King's own cat Magic.In the July/August issue of UK metal magazine Zero Tolerance Diamond elaborated on the themes of the album being a story of two dead children murdered by their father relating their tale to him.
 Reformation Lutheran Church is a church in Columbia South Carolina and part of the South Carolina Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.
 Peters Dome is a 10571-foot (3222 m) mountain in the central Alaska Range in Denali National Park 7.6 mi (12 km) northwest of Mount McKinley. It is separated from McKinley by a deep glacial valley the Peters Basin which is the source of Peters Glacier about 3000 feet (910 m) below Peters Dome's summit. It is described as a glacier-covered dome.
 Typhis trispinosus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Registered Offender is the debut comedy album by actor and stand-up comedian Rob Schneider. Released in July 2010 by Oglio Records it contains a mixture of sketches and songs with all voices performed by Schneider. The content is adult in nature and features various scatological references. The album was recorded at various times and locations during 2007-2009.
 Auts (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈawts]) is a small mountain range west of the Ebro river in the Bajo Aragón-Caspe/Baix Aragó-Casp comarca Aragon Spain. It is located about 9 km north of Fayón (Faió) close to the road between Maella and Mequinenza (Mequinensa).The ridge's highest point is Alt dels Auts (Spanish: Alto de los Auts) a 434 m high summit.The Auts are desolate-looking limestone mountains smooth with low and scruffy vegetation and numerous denuded patches.
 The Cavalier's Cup is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a locked room mystery and the final appearance of the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale and his long-time associate Scotland Yard's Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters.
 Shri Husain Dalwai a politician from Indian National Congress party is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Maharashtra in the Rajya Sabha the upper house of the Parliament.
 Romanówek [rɔmaˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Lubrza 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Świebodzin 41 km (25 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 50 km (31 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 40.
 The Far Side of Nowhere is a collection of fantasy and horror stories by author Nelson Bond. It was released in 2002 and was the author's second book published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of approximately 2500 copies. The stories originally appeared in Amazing Stories Blue Book Fantastic Adventures Weird Tales and other magazines.
 What To Do When Someone Dies is a 2009 novel by Nicci French. It concerns a young woman whose husband dies in mysterious circumstances and her struggle to deal with her bereavement and make sense of his death. It was dramatised for television as a three-part series Without You in 2011.
 Karkan (Persian: كركان‎ also Romanized as Karkān; also known as Karkhān and Qareh Khān) is a village in Enaj Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1437 in 424 families.
 Ball Pen is a 2012 Indian Kannada film directed by Shashikanth. The film produced by Srinagar Kitty and Bhavana Belagere is a children's film which portrays the adventurous spirit emotions in children and also focuses on child abuse.
 Gillon Block is an historic commercial building at 189 Main Street in Milford Massachusetts. THe three story brick building was built in 1888 by Patrick Gillon the owner of a bottle manufacturing company. The building features elaborate brickwork on its facade and a tower with a coppered onion dome. The building houses stores on the first floor and offices on the upper floors.The block was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Derriford Hospital is a large teaching hospital in Plymouth England. The hospital serves Plymouth and nearby areas of Devon and Cornwall. It also provides tertiary cardiothoracic surgery neurosurgery and renal transplant surgery for the whole of the South West Peninsula. The hospital is used for clinical training of medical students from the Peninsula Medical School which is maintained by the University of Plymouth and the University of Exeter.
 Myidae common name the softshell clams is a taxonomic family of marine bivalve molluscs in the order Myoida.
 Euxesta schusteri is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Rio Verde (Portuguese for green river) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Charles Cameron Green (April 6 1873 – September 7 1940) was a Republican politician in the U. S. State of Ohio appointed to fill the position of Ohio State Treasurer for a few weeks 1908-1909 after the incumbent died.
 Xenorhina is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to New Guinea.
 Achlora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is now considered a synonym of Ophiogramma.
 Nick of Time is the tenth album by the American singer Bonnie Raitt released on March 21 1989.Nick of Time topped the Billboard 200 chart selling five million copies and won three Grammy Awards including Album of the Year which was presented to its producer Don Was. In 2003 the album was ranked number 229 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
 Ding Dong Who Rang the Bell was an album by Franciscus Henri released in 1972 by Fable Records on 33 rpm vinyl record.
 Sir William Wedderburn 4th Baronet JP DL (25 March 1838 – 25 January 1918) was a Scottish civil servant in India and a politician. He attempted to bring about reforms in banking to solve the problems of peasants during his working career. Failing to find support in reforms he retired to help found the Indian National Congress and support local self-government.
 Kastorfer See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 45.3 m its surface area is 0.64 km².
 Jason Becker: Not Dead Yet is a feature-length documentary film directed by Jesse Vile about legendary guitarist Jason Becker and his 22 year-long battle with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.The film includes footage from Becker's childhood and his early days with guitarist Marty Friedman and the rock band Cacophony.The film was screened in various film festivals around the world including Hot Docs Sheffield Doc/Fest Full Frame Documentary Film Festival and the Hamptons International Film Festival.The film's distribution rights were acquired by Dogwoof Pictures in the UK and Kino Lorber in the US and was released theatrically in November 2012.
 Elio Di Rupo (French: [eljo di ʁupo]; born 18 July 1951) is a Belgian social-democratic politician. He has been the Prime Minister of Belgium since 6 December 2011 and heads the Di Rupo Government. Di Rupo is the first francophone to hold the office since Paul Vanden Boeynants in 1979 as well as the country's first socialist Prime Minister since Edmond Leburton left office in 1974.
 On Our Selection is a 1932 comedy based on the Dad and Dave stories by Steele Rudd. These had been turned into a popular play by Bert Bailey and Edmund Duggan in 1912 which formed the basis for the screenplay. Bailey repeats his stage role as Dad Rudd. He also wrote the script with director Ken G. Hall.The movie was one of the most popular Australian films of all time.It was also known in the UK as Down on the Farm.
 Like You Do... Best of The Lightning Seeds is the first greatest hits album from The Lightning Seeds released on 10 November 1997. What You Say was released as a single on 1 December 1997 and peaked at #41 in the UK singles chart.
 The Fire Station No. 4 is a historic fire station in Miami Florida. It is located at 1000 South Miami Avenue. On March 8 1984 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.In October 2007 it became the home of the restaurant Dolores but you can call me Lolita.
 Digital Versatile Doom: Live at the Orpheum Theatre XXXVII A.S. is a live double album by Finnish band HIM. The DVD was directed by Meiert Avis in Los Angeles at the Orpheum Theater between 14 and 15 November 2007. The DVD features the live performance as well as behind the scenes look at the show. Also featured on the DVD is the winner of HIM's biggest fans competition go to Seattle Washington to meet the band.
 The Parral River is a river of Mexico. It is a tributary of the Rio Florido which flows into the Rio Conchos which in turn flows into the Rio Grande.
 Saving Face is a 2012 Academy and Emmy winning documentary film directed by Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy and Daniel Junge about acid attacks on women in Pakistan. The film won the 2012 Academy Award for Best Documentary (Short Subject) making its director Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy Pakistan's first Oscar winner.
 Livonia mammilla is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Up Pops the Devil (1931) is a film about an advertising man (Norman Foster) who quits his job to become a novelist upsetting his wife (Carole Lombard) and straining their marriage. The film was directed by A. Edward Sutherland and released by Paramount Pictures.
 Bethania Historic District is a historic district in North Carolina and remains a rare example of a Germanic-type linear agricultural village in the United States a product of intensive historic Moravian community planning and development. The first planned Moravian settlement in Wachovia North Carolina Bethania was founded 12 June 1759.Bethania North Carolina was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2001 and exists as the largest National Historic Landmark district in Forsyth County North Carolina spanning across 500 acres (2.0 km2).Bethania and its properties are listed in the National Register of Historic Places and in the North Carolina State Historic Register of Places.
 Vermin is the sixth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Old Man's Child released on 14 October 2005.
 Psychological Science in the Public Interest is a peer-reviewed academic journal of the Association for Psychological Science that is published three times a year by SAGE Publications.The reports published in this journal are available to the general public via the APS website. The current editor-in-chief is Elaine F. Walker (Emory University). Manuscripts are accepted by invitation only.
 The Warped Tour 2012 Tour Compilation is the seventeenth installment in the annual compilation series accompanying the Warped Tour. The cover is a photograph of All Time Low decided by votes on SideOneDummy's website.
 Zaireichthys is a genus of loach catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Amphiliidae.
 Pselnophorus jaechi is a moth of the family Pterophoroidae. It is found locally around Mount Meru in Tanzania.The wingspan is 15–17 millimetres (0.59–0.67 in). The moth flies in February July and December.
 St. George's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located at 319 Front Street (NY 102) in Hempstead New York. It was constructed in 1822 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 as St. George's Church.The Rectory of St. George's Episcopal Church is an historic rectory located at 217 Peninsula Boulevard in Hempstead. It was listed on the National Register in 1988.
 Grace Episcopal Church located at 1000 Leighton Avenue in Anniston Alabama is an historic Gothic Revival church that was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 3 1985.
 Kahaluʻu Bay (/ˌkɑːhəˈluːʔuː/; Hawaiian pronunciation: [ˈkɐhɐˈluʔu]) is a historic district and popular recreation area on the Kona coast of the Big Island of Hawaiʻi.
 Magical Girl Apocalypse (魔法少女・オブ・ジ・エンド Mahō Shōjo obu ji Endo) is an ongoing Japanese action-horror magical girl shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Kentarō Satō. Its chapters are serialized since July 2012 in the manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Champion published by Akita Shoten and have been compiled into four tankōbon. It will be published in English in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment.
 Ypsolopha atrobrunnella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the southern part of the Russian Far East and north-eastern China.The length of the forewings is 8.1–8.4 mm.The larvae feed on Crataegus maximowiczii and Pyrus species.
 By Myself was an LP album by Julie London released by Liberty Records for Columbia House Record Club under catalog number MCR-1 as a monophonic recording and catalog number SCR-1 in stereo in 1965.
 The Dos Arantes River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Mamoru-kun ni Megami no Shukufuku wo! (護くんに女神の祝福を! lit. To Mamoru-kun the blessings of the goddess!) also known as Venus to Mamoru is a Japanese light novel series written by Hiroki Iwata and illustrated by Toshiyuki Satō following Mamoru Yoshimura and his far-from-normal high school life with girlfriend Ayako Takasu who possess magical powers called Beatrice. The series was first published on September 25 2003 by MediaWorks.
 The Scotch Argus (Erebia aethiops) is a Palaearctic butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It has a wide range including the French Alps Germany Balkans Apennines Asia Minor the Urals Caucasus and Sajan. In Europe and Russia it is a forest edge butterfly found up to 2400 m and flying June to August. The hibernating larva is reported to feed on Agrostis Dactylis Poa and other grasses.
 Boucardicus randalanai is a species of land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Cyclophoridae. This species is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Great St Bernard Lake (French: Lac du Grand St-Bernard Italian: Lago del Gran San Bernardo) is a mountain lake of the Pennine Alps located south-west of Great St Bernard Pass. It is divided between Switzerland (canton of Valais) and Italy (region of Aosta Valley) although it lies south of the Alps within the Dora Baltea basin.The lake is located at a height of 2447 metres above sea level and has a maximum length of 350 metres.
 Neoduma caprimimoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.The forewings are rufous chocolate with sooty black zigzag lines and a black spot at the tornus. The hindwings are sooty mouse-grey.
 The Case Against Barack Obama: The Unlikely Rise and Unexamined Agenda of the Media's Favorite Candidate by author David Freddoso is a bestselling book published in late 2008 providing a critical examination of the life and opinions of the then United States presidential candidate and Senator Barack Obama.Freddoso was a political reporter for the website of the conservative magazine National Review when the book came out. He is now with the Washington Examiner.
 Buckelew Mansion also known as Lakeview is a historic home in Jamesburg Middlesex County New Jersey United States.
 Najib Zerouali Ouariti (Arabic: نجيب الزروالي الواريتي‎ ; born 15 May 1950 Fes) is a Moroccan politician of the National Rally of Independents party. He held the position of Minister of the Modernization of the Public Sector in the cabinet of Driss Jettou and Minister of Higher Education and Scientific Research in the cabinet of Abderrahmane Youssoufi. Since 10 January 2006 he is Ambassador of Morocco to Tunisia.Zerouali Ouariti is a physician and a Surgeon.
 X is Australian rock band INXS's seventh studio album released in 1990. The follow-up to the massive seller Kick it peaked at No. 1 in Australia No. 5 in the United States No. 2 in the United Kingdom No. 5 in Switzerland and No. 10 in Sweden. The album contains four hit singles Suicide Blonde Disappear By My Side and Bitter Tears.
 Lohjanjärvi (Swedish: Lojo sjö) is a lake in Uusimaa region in southern Finland. The biggest part of the lake is located in the town of Lohja and smaller parts in the municipality of Karjalohja and in the town of Raasepori (Swedish: Raseborg). The lake drains into the Gulf of Finland through the Mustionjoki River (aka Karjaanjoki Swedish: Svartån). Together with Hiidenvesi that drains into it from north it is part of Karjaanjoki basin.
 Łęknica [wɛnkˈnit͡sa] (German Locknick) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 The Bicăcel River is a tributary of the Hidişel River in Romania.
 Nightfall in Middle-Earth is a concept album by Blind Guardian released in 1998. It is Blind Guardian's sixth studio album.The album is based upon J. R. R. Tolkien's The Silmarillion a book of tales from the First Age of Middle-earth recounting the War of the Jewels. The album contains not only songs but also spoken parts narrating parts of the story. The cover represents Lúthien dancing in front of Morgoth.
 The Izvorul Roșu River is a tributary of the Botizu River in Romania.
 Santana Brothers (sometimes credited as simply Brothers) is a 1994 album by Carlos Santana his brother Jorge and his nephew Carlos Hernandez. It reached 191 on the Billboard 200 album chart.
 Chapicuy is a village in the Paysandú Department of western Uruguay.
 Tekhnika Molodezhi (Russian: Техника — молодёжи Technology for the Youth) is a Soviet and Russian popular science magazine published monthly since 1933.Tekhnika Molodezhi also had a science fiction section. In Soviet era the magazine was often the first publisher of foreign sci-fi authors.
 Mohammad Hossein Jalali is an Iranian military official who served as minister of defense.
 Harry Wood House is a historic home located at Huntington in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1853 and is a 2 1⁄2-story five-bay center-entrance plan dwelling with a gable roof and clapboard sheathing. The entrance features a transom and sidelights with a pent roof and balustraded porch.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Aseptic White released with Dreamcell_11/Aural Music is the first full length album of the Italian industrial metal band Digitalis Purpurea. Recorded in winter 2007/2008 was released on October 2 2008 with a worldwide distribution.
 Jitpur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8333 people living in 1389 individual households.
 Triplofusus princeps is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Carlos Walker Martínez (born in Vallenar in February 1842; died in Santiago Chile on 5 October 1905) was a Chilean lawyer politician and poet.
 Różyny [ruˈʐɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczółki within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Pszczółki 8 km (5 mi) south of Pruszcz Gdański and 19 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1083.
 Phyllocoma (Phyllocoma) platyca is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Salvation is a two-disc live album by stand-up comedian and satirist Bill Hicks posthumously released in 2005 on Rykodisc. It was recorded at the Oxford Playhouse and is an unabridged version of Shock and Awe.
 The Mădărașul Mic River is a headwater of the Olt River in Romania.
 Słupca [ˈswupt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Bulkowo 26 km (16 mi) east of Płock and 76 km (47 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Delturus is a genus of armored catfishes native to rivers in Southeast and Northeast Brazil.
 Joseph E. Dillon was the mayor of Saint Paul Minnesota from 1954 to 1960. During his tenure in 1955 Saint Paul and Nagasaki became the first sister city pairing of an Asian city and an American city. A friend of Hubert Humphrey Dillon campaigned for Humphrey during his 1960 presidential campaign.
 Andar Baahar (Kannada: ಅಂದರ್ ಬಾಹರ್) is a 2013 Kannada action film starring Shivrajkumar and Parvathi Menon in the lead. The film is directed by Phaneesh Ramanathapura and produced by a host of USA Kannadiga friends under the Legends International Group banner. Popular playback singer Vijay Prakash made his debut as a music composer for this filmThe film tells the story of the relationship between a newly married criminal and his wife.
 Playing My Fiddle for You is Papa John Creach's third solo album and his last with Grunt Records. All the songs on the album are played with the supporting band Zulu featuring Kevin Moore who would later be known as Keb' Mo'. After this album the supporting band changed their name to Midnight Sun.
 The Thomas P. Ives House is a National Historic Landmark in Providence Rhode Island. It was erected from 1803 to 1806 as a large 3-1/2 story brick residence and it has a balustraded roof and is designed in the Adamesque-Federal style. Similar mansions were built by wealthy New England sea captains and merchants throughout the region in the early Federal era.It was designated a National Historic Landmark on December 30 1970.
 Masters of Chant Chapter VII is the tenth album by Gregorian. The album was released September 25 2009.
 The Southern Red-sided Opossum Monodelphis sorex is an opossum species from South America. It is found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay.This opossum has small rounded ears a long pointed nose and a tail which is half as long as its body. The head neck and foreparts are grey the back is dark brown and the rump is reddish. It has short fur and the males are larger than the females. It is terrestrial and mainly feeds on insects although it will also eat small vertebrates and fruit.
 LarryBoy and the Bad Apple is the 29th episode in the VeggieTales animated series and the third installment of the LarryBoy adventures. The video was released in 2006 and is the first VeggieTales episode to be available only on DVD format. It is also the first series to be released on Blu-ray in High Definition.
 Le Sang noir (literally Black Blood; translated as Bitter Victory) is a 1935 novel by Louis Guilloux that has been described as a prefiguration of Sartre's La Nausée because of its concentration on the psychological alienation of an individual.
 Bright Lights is a 1925 American silent romantic comedy film directed by Robert Z. Leonard. The film is based on the story A Little Bit of Broadway by Richard Connell and stars Charles Ray who achieved stardom by playing ingenious country boys.This film is deemed lost.
 Aru is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 A Touch of Larceny is a 1959 British comedy film directed by Guy Hamilton and starring James Mason George Sanders Vera Miles Harry Andrews Rachel Gurney and John Le Mesurier. It is based on a diverting and mildly cynical novel The Megstone Plot (1956) by Paul Winterton under the pseudonym Andrew Garve.The film was nominated for the BAFTA award for Best British Screenplay but it lost to The Angry Silence.
 Bluebird is a 2013 drama film written and directed by Maine native Lance Edmands. Set and filmed in Northern Maine it tells the story of how a school bus driver's momentary distraction causes a near-tragedy and affects the whole community. It co-stars Amy Morton Margo Martindale John Slattery Emily Meade Louisa Krause and Adam Driver. It was filmed in Winter 2012.Edmands finished the first draft of the screenplay in 2009.
 Świerczów [ˈɕfjɛrt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 José Luis Báez is a Puerto Rican politician born in Mayagüez PR and resident of San Juan PR affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). He was elected to the Puerto Rico House of Representatives on 2012 to represent District 4. Jose Luis Baez is the son of former senator Eudaldo Báez Galib.
 More Than Human is a 1953 science fiction novel by Theodore Sturgeon. It is a fix-up of his previously published novella Baby is Three with two parts (The Fabulous Idiot and Morality) written especially for the novel.It won the 1954 International Fantasy Award which was also given to works in science fiction. It was additionally nominated in 2004 for a Retro Hugo award for the year 1954.
 The Impression 5 Science Center is a science museum located in downtown Lansing Michigan. Formerly known as the Impression 5 Museum the center is located in a historic wagon works factory on the Grand River. The name Impression 5 refers to the five senses. The neighboring Riverwalk Theatre and Michigan Museum of Surveying also occupy buildings of the former factory.
 Jem (Chinese: 裕廊东广场) is a suburban mall in Jurong East Singapore. It is the first lifestyle hub in western Singapore with integration of shopping entertainment and residence at the same location.The mall is directly connected to Jurong East MRT station and close to Jurong East Bus Interchange.Jem is the first lifestyle hub in Singapore's west where mid to mid-plus shopping meets entertainment; functionality meets experience and where community culture meets city inspiration.
 Trachydoras steindachneri is a species of thorny catfish native to the Amazon basin of Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru. This species grows to a length of 8.6 centimetres (3.4 in) SL.
 Jozef Marie Mathias Jo Ritzen (born 3 October 1945 in Heerlen) is a Dutch economist and social-democratic politician.
 Grand Comoro day gecko (Phelsuma v-nigra comoraegrandensis Meier 1986) is a small diurnal subspecies of geckos. It lives in the Comoros and typically inhabits trees and bushes. The Grand Comoro day gecko feeds on insects and nectar.
 Catherine Morissette (born February 3 1979 in Quebec City Quebec) is a politician and lawyer from Quebec Canada. She was an Action démocratique du Québec Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Charlesbourg from 2007 to 2008.She graduated from Université Laval in 2003 after obtaining a bachelor's degree in international law. She also studied at the University of Paris-V in international studies. She was admitted to the Quebec Bar in 2005.
 Delphus E. Carpenter (1877-1951) was the Commissioner of Interstate Streams for the State of Colorado at a time when Western States' water rights were becoming a legal battleground and became the primary driver behind the Colorado River Compact of 1922.Carpenter was raised on an irrigated farm in northern Colorado where water was a precious resource.
 St John the Baptist's Church Llanrothal is a redundant Anglican church in Llanrothal Herefordshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in a remote position close to the Wales–England border overlooking the River Monnow.
 Showboat World (original title: The Magnificent Showboats of the Lower Vissel River Lune XXIII Big Planet) written in 1975 is the second stand-alone novel in a pair of science fiction novels by Jack Vance (the first being Big Planet) that share the same setting a backward lawless metal-poor world called Big Planet.
 Futtocks End is a British comedy film released in 1970 directed by Bob Kellett. Entirely silent with a musical score sound effects and incoherent mutterings the story revolves around a weekend gathering at the decaying country home of the eccentric and lewd General Futtock (Ronnie Barker) and the series of saucy mishaps between the staff (Michael Hordern plays the lecherous butler) and his guests. It was filmed at Grim's Dyke the former home of W. S.
 Lake Parz (Armenian: Պարզ Լիճ) is a small lake located in the Dilijan National Park east of Dilijan in Armenia.The lake was formed by natural climatic changes.
 Gornji Gradac (Cyrillic: Горњи Градац) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Kelly Blue is an album by American jazz pianist Wynton Kelly released in 1959.
 Eulima riss is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Aranda is the first studio album of the Oklahoma band Aranda.
 Kory L. Kath (born July 1977) is a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives representing District 26A which includes all or portions of Steele and Waseca counties in the southeastern part of the state. A Democrat he is also an American Studies Economics and Political Science teacher at Owatonna High School in Owatonna.Kath was first elected in 2008 succeeding four-term Rep. Connie Ruth who did not seek re-election. He was re-elected in 2010.
 Siah Tir-e Pain (Persian: سياه تيرپائين‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Tīr-e Pā’īn; also known as Sīāh Tīr and Sīāh Tīreh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 20 families.
 Hood Environment is the third studio album by rapper Drag-On released on September 4 2007 for T.R.U.S.T. Family. Hood Environment was Drag-On's only independent album to be released. Featured guests on the album included The Dude Eyez B G Luck and Pit Looks.
 Summit is a historic home located at Catonsville Baltimore County Maryland. It a large brick house once part of a country estate owned by James Albert Gary. It features a three-story Italianate tower and large wing extending to the rear. The main façade is three stories and five bays wide with the tower located on the east side. A one-story porch with square columns and railings runs across the full façade.
 We Are Very Happy You Came is a live mini-album released by Japanese punk-pop band Shonen Knife. Suzy Is A Headbanger is a cover of the song by the Ramones. Goose Step Mama is a cover of a song by The Rutles.
 Goszków [ˈɡɔʂkuf] (formerly German Gossow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieszkowice within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Mieszkowice 45 km (28 mi) south of Gryfino and 64 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
 Anne Sowerby Ruston (born 10 June 1963) is an Australian politician and Liberal Party Member of the Australian Senate.Born 10 June 1963 in Renmark South Australia Ruston spent her early years in Renmark before matriculating from Renmark High School and graduated with a Bachelor of Business at the University of Southern Queensland.Since 2003 she has been the owner and managing director of Ruston's Roses the largest rose garden in Australia.Prior to purchasing Ruston's Roses and then entering the Senate Ruston held a number of positions in politics. 
 The Gottlieb Brown Covered Bridge also known as the Sam Wagner Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Liberty Township near Potts Grove in Montour County Pennsylvania and East Chillisquaque Township near Mooresburg in Northumberland County Pennsylvania. It is an 86 foot 8 inch long Burr Truss bridge built in 1881. It crosses Chillisquaque Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Trochulus villosus is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 The Cathedral Church of Christ Blessed Mary the Virgin and St Cuthbert of Durham (usually known as Durham Cathedral) is a cathedral in the city of Durham England the seat of the Anglican Bishop of Durham. The Bishopric dates from 995 with the present cathedral being founded in AD 1093.
 Thomas Joseph Byrnes (11 November 1860 – 27 September 1898) was Premier of Queensland from April 1898 until his death in October of the same year having previously served in several ministerial positions in his parliamentary career. He was the first Premier of Queensland to die in office.
 Chaerephon is a genus of Old World free-tail bats in the family Molossidae.
 Standards is the fourth album by the American post-rock band Tortoise.
 Linda Ronstadt is the third solo album by Linda Ronstadt released in early 1972 on the Capitol Records label. The album was a sales failure prompting Linda's exit from Capitol Records. It peaked at #163 on Billboard's Pop Album Chart and #35 on Billboard's Country Album Chart. It is considered to be a front-runner in the country rock music genre.
 The Mine No. 5 Store (Now known as Webb's Store) is a historic department store located in Van Lear Kentucky United States. The two story wood frame building was constructed in 1918 by Consolidated Coal Company. On January 26 1989 the structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places.Currently the building is owned by Herman Webb the brother of country music star Loretta Lynn.
 Joseph-Henri-Gustave Lacasse (February 7 1890 – January 18 1953) was a journalist physician and political figure in Ontario Canada. He sat for Essex division in the Senate of Canada from 1928 to 1953.He was born in Sainte-Élisabeth-de-Joliette Quebec the son of François-Xavier-Onésime Lacasse and Annie Gernon and was educated at the Petit Séminaire de Montréal and the Université Laval. He interned in medicine at Windsor and set up practice in Tecumseh.
 Stara Dziedzina [ˈstara d͡ʑeˈd͡ʑina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 145.
 Só no Forevis is the fifth album of the Brazilian rock band Raimundos launched in 1999. Its title is a tribute to the Brazilian humorist Mussum from Os Trapalhões died in 1994. It is the Raimundos' most sold CD with eight hundred and fifty thousand copies. This album is the last studio work of the vocalist Rodolfo with Raimundos.
 The Do Ouro River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Wola Prosperowa [ˈvɔla prɔspɛˈrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oporów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Oporów 11 km (7 mi) east of Kutno and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Live: You Get What You Play For is a live album by rock band REO Speedwagon released as a double-LP in 1977 (and years later as a single CD). It was recorded at Memorial Hall in Kansas City Kansas the Convention Center in Indianapolis Indiana Kiel Auditorium in Saint Louis Missouri and Alex Cooley's Electric Ballroom in Atlanta Georgia.The Japanese CD reissue released in 2011 restores all the songs to their original full lengths including both Gary's Guitar Solo and Little Queenie.
 Maleficium is the fifth album for Swedish heavy metal band Morgana Lefay.
 Raymordella is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Raymordella xanthosoma Franciscolo 1967↑
 IR$ is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Stephen Desberg illustrated by Bernard Vrancken and published by Le Lombard in French and Cinebook in English.
 A Message to Garcia is a 1936 American war film directed by George Marshall and starring Wallace Beery and Barbara Stanwyck John Boles and Alan Hale Sr.. The film is inspired by the 1899 essay A Message to Garcia by Elbert Hubbard loosely based on an incident during the Spanish–American War. The essay had previously been made into a 1916 silent film A Message to Garcia.
 The Paying Guest is a satirical novella by George Gissing first published in 1895 by Cassell as part of their Pocket Library series. It recounts the experiences of the Mumfords a middle-class family who invite a paying guest into their home to supplement their income. Written in an unusually comic tone compared with Gissing's earlier works The Paying Guest was generally received well by critics. Gissing himself however was not satisfied with the work.
 Workers Solidarity is the bi-monthly publication of the Irish anarchist organisation Workers Solidarity Movement. It is intended to provide an accessible introduction to anarchism for members of the public and to spread the influence of anarchist ideas in Ireland. It takes its name from the newspaper of the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo Solidaridad Obrera.
 Chendol is a genus of spineless eels native to Southeast Asia.
 Vikingligr Veldi (Icelandic meaning roughly Glorious Viking Square) is the debut studio album by Norwegian black metal band Enslaved. It was released in 1994 through Deathlike Silence Productions the record label run by Euronymous who was killed before the album's release. The album is dedicated to him.[citation needed]Despite Enslaved's nationality the lyrics on this album are mainly in Icelandic perhaps due to its resemblance to Old Norse.
 The Nima II River is a river of Guatemala.
 Yélékébougou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune has an area of approximately 288 square kilometers and includes 16 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 7257. The village of Yélékébougou is 30 km north of the town of Kati the chef-lieu of the cercle.
 Seventeen Stars was the debut recording from The Montgolfier Brothers. It was released in 1999 on the Vespertine label before the company folded. It has since been reissued by Quarterstick in the United States and by Alan McGee's Poptones elsewhere.
 Paul William Grimm (born December 26 1951) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the District of Maryland.
 The Randall Carr brook is a river in Derbyshire England. It starts at Combs and flows to Whaley Bridge where it ends in the river Goyt. Its headwaters were dammed to create Combs Reservoir which supplies the Peak Forest Canal.
 St Mary the Virgin is a church located in the town of Pembroke in Pembrokeshire west Wales. The church is in the Diocese of Saint David's within the Church in Wales and members of the Anglican Communion. Since 2004 it has been a part of the Monkton Rectorial Benefice.The present day church dates back to the 13th century although it is speculated that there might have existed an earlier church of St. Mary. The building is constructed from stone with a slate roof.
 Xylophanes katharinae is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mexico.It is intermediate in forewing shape between Xylophanes damocrita and Xylophanes josephinae but distinguishable from both by the much broader pale orange median band on the hindwing upperside. The forewing apex is slightly more elongate and pointed than in Xylophanes josephinae. The hindwing apex is generally slightly exceeding the forewing tornus.
 Red Fish is an album by the Northern Irish rock band The Moondogs released in 2003.
 If Tomorrow Comes is a 1985 crime fiction novel by American author Sidney Sheldon. It is a story portraying an ordinary woman who is framed by the Mafia her subsequent quest for vengeance towards them and her later life as a con artist. A 3-part TV miniseries with the same name based on the book was released in 1986.
 Mount Ashibetsu (芦別岳 Ashibetsu-dake) is a mountain located on the border between Ashibetsu and Furano Hokkaidō Japan. It is part of the Yūbari Mountains.
 Down on the Farm is a 1920 silent film feature length rural comedy produced by Mack Sennett and starring Louise Fazenda and Harry Gribbon. Copies survive at both the Library of Congress and reputedly Gosfilmofond Russian State Archive.
 Elpidio Rivera Quirino (November 16 1890 – February 29 1956) was a Filipino politician and the sixth President of the Philippines.A lawyer by profession Quirino entered politics when he became a representative of Ilocos Sur from 1919 to 1925. He was then elected as senator from 1925–1931. In 1934 he became a member of the Philippine independence commission that was sent to Washington D.C. which secured the passage of Tydings–McDuffie Act to American Congress.
 Biotropica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Association for Tropical Biology & Conservation.
 When Broken Is Easily Fixed is the debut full-length studio album by Canadian rock band Silverstein released in 2003 under the label Victory Records. Other than the standard release Victory issued a limited run of 500 unnumbered blue colored vinyl/black and gold artwork editions of the album the year it was initially released.
 Joe Cotton (1882–after 1900) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that is best known as the winner of the 1885 Kentucky Derby. He was by King Alfonso who was the sire of the 1880 winner Fonso. The horse was reportedly named after a bookie.Joe Cotton was reportedly killed along with another Thoroughbred called Sam Keene on September 11 1888 during the third race at the Mystic Park race track in Boston Massachusetts.
 The Franklin Hills el. 4879 feet (1487 m) is a set of hills southeast of Melville Montana in Sweet Grass County Montana.
 The Mica River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Perittia aganopa is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore is the second American album by the American pop group The Walker Brothers. Released in 1966 the album was the group's fourth overall.Portrait was not released in the USA. In its place Smash Records compiled The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore as the group's second American album.
 Phractura is a genus of loach catfishes (order Siluriformes) that occur in Africa.Phractura species are elongated fish with a long caudal peduncle and bony scutes on the sides back and belly. Phractura species are often associated with vegetation. Phractura species like other genera in Doumeinae have a mouth modified into a suckermouth that allows it to clean to the objects and scrape the surface of the substrate.
 Klępczewo [klɛmpˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] (formerly German Klemzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Świdwin and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 850.
 María Candelaria is a 1943 Mexican film directed by Emilio Fernández and starring Dolores del Río and Pedro Armendáriz. It was the first Mexican film to be screened at the Cannes International Film Festival where it won the Grand Prix becoming the first Latin American country to do so.
 Insanitarium is a 2008 psychological horror film starring Jesse Metcalfe Kiele Sanchez Kevin Sussman Olivia Munn Carla Gallo and Peter Stormare. The film is directed by Jeff Buhler.
 Centrodoras hasemani is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Rio Negro basin. This species grows to a length of 21.0 centimetres (8.3 in) SL.
 Nebria pontica is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.
 Solved is the fifth studio album from nerdcore hip hop artist MC Frontalot. It was released on August 23 2011.The first single Critical Hit is available for free from the official website. The album's cover art was drawn by Evan Dorkin with colors by Anthony Clark.
 Abel Herrero (born October 29 1969) is a member of the Texas House of Representatives representing the 34th district. Herrero had previously held the seat from 2005-2011 but was defeated in the 2010 election by Connie Scott. In November 2012 Herrero defeated Scott to regain the seat.A graduate of Robstown High School Herrero was a member of the Robstown City Council from 1999-2003. He received a B.A. in political science from Texas A&M University in 1993 and a J.D.
 Namanganum is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Elachista drenovoi is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Republic of Macedonia.
 Podgórze [pɔdˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 6.
 The West African Spanish mackerel Scomberomorus tritor is a species of fish in the family Scombridae. Specimens have been recorded at up to 100 cm in length and weighing up to 6 kg. Coloration is bluish-green on the back fading to silvery on the sides marked with about 3 rows of vertically elongate orange spots.It is found in the eastern Atlantic along the Atlantic coasts of Africa from Canary Islands and Senegal to the Gulf of Guinea and Baía dos Tigres Angola.
 John William Byrnes (June 12 1913 – January 12 1985) was a U.S. Representative from Wisconsin. Born in Green Bay Wisconsin Byrnes contracted polio as a small child. He received his bachelor's degree from the University of Wisconsin in Madison in 1936 and then attended its law school. After graduation Byrnes practiced law in Green Bay and served as deputy commissioner of the state's department of banking from 1938 to 1941.
 Colina macrostoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 The Southern Grey-headed Sparrow (Passer diffusus) is a passerine bird of the sparrow family Passeridae. It is sometimes treated as a subspecies of the Grey-headed Sparrow. It is found in savanna and woodland in Angola and Zambia southwards into South Africa where it is expanding its range and is kept as a caged bird like the close relative White-rumped Seedeater.
 John Landon (born 1950) is the Iowa State Representative from the 37th District. A Republican he has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2013. Landon was born in State Center Iowa and resides in Ankeny Iowa. He has a B.S. in agriculture from Iowa State University.As of May 2013 Landon serves on several committees in the Iowa House - the Commerce Human Resources and Transportation committees.
 Big Man on Campus (also known as The Hunchback of UCLA and The Hunchback Hairball of L.A. in the United Kingdom) is a 1989 comedy film directed by Jeremy Kagan. It was written by and stars Allan Katz. It co-stars Corey Parker.
 New Mr. Vampire (Chinese title: 殭屍翻生; lit. The Vampire Revived) aka. The New Mr. Vampire is a 1987 Hong Kong horror film directed by Billy Chan and Leung Chung. It stars Chin Siu-ho (as Hsiao Hau Chien) and Lu Fang (as Tai-Fa) as the disciples and Chung Fat and Huang Ha as the rival masters Chin and Wu.
 Zavaritski Caldera (Russian: Вулкан Заварицкого Vulkan Zavaritskogo) is a caldera located in the central part of Simushir Island Kuril Islands Russia. Lake Biryuzovoe partially fills the youngest of three nested calderas on the volcano.The volcano is named after Alexander Nikolayevich Zavaritski scientist of the Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union.
 The Blake Falls Reservoir is a reservoir in the Adirondack Park in Parishville New York. It is a popular recreational fishing spot stocked with brown bullhead northern pike smallmouth bass walleye and yellow perch.
 Sarrigan (Persian: سرريگان‎ also Romanized as Sarrīgān and Sar Rīgān; also known as Sar Rīg) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 605 in 119 families.
 At Mother's Request is a 1987 two-part television miniseries based on a true story. The movie stars E. G. Marshall and Stefanie Powers.
 Live at the Lighthouse is a live album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded at the Lighthouse Café in 1967 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Frank Artiles (born April 22 1973 Los Angeles California) is a Representative in the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida. He currently resides in Miami with his family. His family were from Cuba.
 Acrocercops aethalota is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from New Zealand. The hostplant for the species is Panax arboreum.
 Lac de Cleuson is a reservoir in the municipality of Nendaz Valais Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.51 km². Water from the reservoir is often pumped into the Grande Dixence Dam's reservoir Lac des Dix for use in hydroelectricity production.
 El Diablo is the 4th studio album from Italian rock band Litfiba. It introduces a more rock sounding in the band's music which used to be much more new-wave influenced until there. It is the first chapter of the Tetralogy of elements and it is dedicated to fire.
 The Duhks is the second studio album by the group The Duhks. It is released under the Sugar Hill Records label.
 Proterogyrinus was an anthracosaur a large group of reptilian reptiliomorphs. It is likely that the first reptiles such as Petrolacosaurus evolved from reptilomorphs. Like other reptiliomorphs such as Seymouria Proterogyrinus could venture further away from water than most amphibians.Its name is Greek for early wanderer or earlier tadpole.
 Eagle Peak is the highest of the Three Brothers a rock formation above Yosemite Valley in California. This independent peak is located just east of El Capitan. John Muir considered the view from the summit to be most comprehensive of all the views available from the north wall.
 Amour (also known as Ways of Women) is a 1970 Danish drama film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Svend Johansen.
 The Larkin House located at 464 Calle Principal Monterey California was built in 1835 by Thomas O. Larkin. It is claimed that the house was the first two-story house in all of California and that it was the first house with a fireplace in Monterey. The design combined Spanish Colonial building methods with New England architectural features and originated the popular Monterey Colonial style of architecture. The Larkin House is both a National and a California Historical Landmark.
 The Verugal Aru (Verugal River) (Tamil: Verugal Aru) literally flood or that which overflows; is a river on the island Ceylon that separates the Trincomalee and Batticaloa Districts. The famous Verugal Kandaswamy Temple lies on its banks. It flows through Verugal town just north of Kathiraveli. The river reaches the Indian ocean on the eastern coast of the island just south of Trincomalee. The river also feeds the Ullackalie Lagoon.
 Cryoburn is a science fiction novel by Lois McMaster Bujold first published in October 2010. Part of the Vorkosigan Saga it was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 2011 as Bujold's ninth Best Novel nomination. Also in 2011 it was one of the top five finishers in the poll for the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel.
 Hordaland is a local newspaper published in Voss Norway. It is published three days a week and covers Ulvik Granvin Vaksdal and Modalen in addition to Voss. The chief editor is Sigmund Midttun.Established in 1883 it was affiliated with the Liberal Party of Norway. The party ties were abolished in 1972.It has a circulation of 9600 of whom 8726 are subscribers.It is published by Hordaland Bladdrift AS which is in turn owned by private persons.
 Stolpsee is a lake in the Mecklenburg Lake District in Germany. It is situated in the district of Oberhavel in the state of Brandenburg. The resort of Himmelpfort lies on the north bank of the lake.The lake has an approximate length of 3.6 kilometres (2.2 mi) and a width of 1.42 kilometres (0.88 mi).
 George Glover Campbell (2 March 1887 - 3 September 1967) was an Australian politician who represented the Electoral district of Hamilton from 1950 till 1959 for the Australian Labor Party.
 The Lackawaxen River is a 31.3-mile-long (50.4 km) tributary of the Delaware River in northeastern Pennsylvania in the United States. The river flows through a largely rural area in the northern Pocono Mountains draining an area of approximately 598 square miles (1550 km2).Its source is in the borough of Prompton in western Wayne County at the confluence of the West Branch and Van Auken Creek. It flows past Honesdale and Hawley where it is joined from the southwest by Wallenpaupack Creek.
 Ipa Panchakanya is a village development committee in Makwanpur District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2335 people living in 395 individual households.
 Centauri Dawn is the first book in the trilogy novelization of the popular computer game Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri.
 Dammtorpssjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Leucosyrinx badenpowelli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Juggernaut is a 1936 British mystery film starring Boris Karloff and Joan Wyndham. Directed by Henry Edwards it was based on the novel by Alice Campbell and was distributed by Julius Hagen Productions. It was also known as The Demon Doctor.
 The Masonic Hall of Hiram Masonic Lodge No. 7 is a historic Gothic revival building in Franklin Tennessee. Constructed in 1823 it is the oldest public building in Franklin. It houses Hiram Lodge No. 7 founded in 1809 and is the oldest Masonic Hall in continuous use in Tennessee. The building was the location of the negotiation and signing of the Treaty of Franklin in 1830 in which the Chickasaw Indians sold their lands before being moved west to today's Oklahoma.
 Year Of The Witch is a 2004 album by Seven Witches and the last to feature James Rivera on vocals. The first track Metal Asylum is a tribute to all the bands that have inspired them and last eight tracks are a concept about a man named Jacob.
 Głodówko [ɡwɔˈdufkɔ] (German Karneyen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 The McGregor Range is a mountain range in the Central Interior of British Columbia located between the main spine of the Rocky Mountains and the Fraser River on the northeast and southwest and between the Torpy River on its southeast and the McGregor River on its northwest. Though adjacent to the Rockies and very mountainous the McGregor Range is part of the McGregor Plateau a subdivision of the Fraser Plateau.
 Jeffrey M. Lamberti (born October 21 1962 in Ankeny Iowa) is the former Republican Senate leader and two term state senator representing the 35th District of the Iowa Senate and served two terms as State Representative. In the 2006 mid-term election Lamberti was the Republican nominee for U.S. Congress in Iowa's 3rd congressional district losing to incumbent Democrat Leonard Boswell in a hotly contested race. Lamberti received 46% of the vote to Boswell's 52%.
 Selwyn is a historic home located near Mechanicsville Hanover County Virginia. It was built about 1820 and expanded in the 1850s. It is a large 2 1/2-story five bay frame I-house dwelling in a combination of the Federal and Greek Revival styles. The house sits on a brick foundation has a gable roof with dormers and exterior end chimneys. Also on the property is a contributing frame dairy.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Elaine Eisfelder Szymoniak (May 24 1920 – May 20 2009) was a State Senator from the U.S.
 Olszewo [ɔlˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 The Hydrofoil Mystery was written in 2003 by Canadian author Eric Walters. It is about a teenage boy named Billy McCracken whose mother arranges for him to go away for the summer to work with none other than the well-known inventor of the telephone Alexander Graham Bell.
 Chimpui (チンプイ Chinpui) is a Japanese manga created by Fujiko Fujio in 1985. It tells the story of two cute aliens that come to Earth to find the girl who will get married with their prince of planet Mahl.
 The Hitch-Hiker is a radio play written by Lucille Fletcher. It was first presented on the November 17 1941 broadcast of the Orson Welles Show on CBS Radio featuring a score written and conducted by Bernard Herrmann Fletcher's first husband. Welles performed The Hitch-Hiker four times on radio and the play was adapted for a notable 1960 episode of the television series The Twilight Zone.
 University Hospital of Oran (Arabic: مستشفى وهران الجامعي‎) is a hospital affiliated with the University of Oran in Oran Algeria with a capacity of 600 - 2000 beds.
 Tupuzabad (Persian: توپوز اباد‎ also Romanized as Tūpūzābād; also known as Toppozābād) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 549 in 142 families.
 Grace Unplugged is a 2013 Christian musical drama film. The film is based on a story by Brandon Rice written and directed by Brad J. Silverman and stars AJ Michalka James Denton and Kevin Pollak. It is a family-friendly film about an 18 year old girl who rejects her father's desire for her to be a church singer and goes to Hollywood seeking stardom. The film was released to theaters October 4 2013 by Lionsgate Films and Roadside Attractions.
 Denise C. Garlick is an American state legislator serving in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. She is a Needham resident and a member of the Democratic Party.
 Linwood (also known as the Gratwick Estate) is a national historic district census-designated place and farm located at York New York in Livingston County New York. The district is a 350-acre (1.4 km2) site with twelve contributing buildings nine contributing sites four contributing structures and two contributing objects.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 First Fork South Fork Piney River is a tributary of the South Fork Piney River in Eagle County Colorado. The river flows northeast from a source in the White River National Forest to a confluence with the South Fork Piney River.
 Saints Peter and Paul Catholic Church is a former parish of the Diocese of Sioux City. The church is located in Pocahontas Iowa United States at 16 2nd Ave. NW. The parish served the Bohemian community that lived in the Pocahontas area. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Jeff Wardlaw is a state representative in Arkansas. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
 Dr John Law Farrands CB AO (11 March 1921 – 14 July 1996) was a scientist and senior Australian Public Servant.
 The Oregon Historical Society Museum is a history museum housed at the Oregon History Center in downtown Portland Oregon United States. The museum was created in 1898 and receives about 44000 visitors annually.It houses the Portland Penny that decided the city’s name. This 1835 copper penny was flipped to decide between the names of Boston and Portland with Portland as the winner. The museum contains over 85000 artifacts and is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
 Vallavan (Tamil: வல்லவன்) (English: Expert) is a 2006 Tamil film written and directed by T. R. Silambarasan starring himself in the title role along with Nayantara Reema Sen and Sandhya whilst Santhanam Premji Amaren Sathyan and S. Ve. Shekhar play supporting roles. The dialogues are written by noted writer Balakumaran whilst the film's score and soundtrack are composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 Gomelskaya Pravda is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
 Wolfgang Bosbach (born 11 June 1952 in Bergisch Gladbach North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German politician and member of the conservative party the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) which he joined in 1972. A lawyer by profession Bosbach is a partner at Winter Jansen & Lamsfuß in Bergisch Gladbach. Bosbach has been a directly elected member of the Bundestag since 1994 representing Rheinisch-Bergischer Kreis and the deputy parliamentary group leader of his party since 2000.
 Spirit Lost is a 1997 film directed by Neema Barnette. It stars James Avery and Yvonne Brisendine.
 Pardon My Rhythm is a 1944 movie starring Gloria Jean Patric Knowles and Evelyn Ankers featuring Mel Tormé and Bob Crosby and directed by Felix E. Feist.
 Conus dondani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Prince and the Surfer is a 1999 comedy direct-to-video film about a prince who switches places with a Southern California surfer and skateboarder. It was directed by Arye Gross and Gregory Gieras and stars Sean Kellman Robert Englund and Vincent Schiavelli.
 I Am Self Sufficient (Italian: Io sono un autarchico) is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by and starring Nanni Moretti.
 The Times of Wayne County is a weekly newspaper serving the communities of Wayne County New York. The paper is circulated to approximately 12500 people.
 Trillium Circle is the name of an outdoor shopping center which as of mid-2008 is under construction outside the city of Grand Blanc a suburb of Flint Michigan USA. Under development since 2004 the shopping center is located on Holly Road on the south side of Grand Blanc. It features an IMAX movie theater owned by NCG Cinemas as well the 500th location for the restaurant chain Buffalo Wild Wings. The rest of the property which is owned by CB Richard Ellis has yet to be developed.
 Q-Tee Spy is the second mini-album from the Japanese punk rock band 54 Nude Honeys released on May 5 1996 by Epic Sony/dohb Discs.
 Doomsday Deck is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Mother Brook is the modern name for a stream that flows from the Charles River in Dedham Massachusetts to the Neponset River in the Hyde Park section of Boston Massachusetts. Mother Brook was also known variously as East Brook and Mill Brook in earlier times. The man-made portion of Mother Brook is considered to have been the first canal in America dug by English settlers.
 Antennablennius simonyi Simony's blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian Ocean from the Gulf of Aden to the Persian Gulf.
 The Moviegoer is the seventh studio album by the American solo artist Scott Walker. It was released in October 1972 but failed to chart. No singles were released from the album though This Way Mary was later released as a b-side to Walker's 1973 single The Me I Never Knew. The album consists solely of renditions of film theme songs originally performed by other artists.The album was the first of six studio albums in which Walker did not contribute original material.
 Mercuria confusa common name the 'swollen spire snail is a northern European species of small brackish water or freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species only tolerates very low salinities and is perhaps better characterized as a freshwater snail.
 Tenera is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Cyatta abscondita is an ant species from Myrmicinae subfamily considered the most recent ancestor of all fungus-farming ants and a living fossil.
 Canthocamptus is a genus of copepods (small crustaceans) that live in water from the Arctic Ocean to the Atlantic Ocean. There are over 200 different species of Canthocamptus. A number of Australian endemic species are listed as vulnerable species on the IUCN Red List (marked VU in the list below) and one Brazilian species is conservation dependent (marked NT).
 The Sri Lanka Spurfowl (Galloperdix bicalcarata) is a member of the pheasant family which is endemic to the dense rainforests of Sri Lanka.It is a very secretive bird and despite its size is difficult to see as it slips through dense undergrowth. Often the only indication of its presence is its distinctive ringing call consisting of series of three-syllabled whistles.
 Thumathoides is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Thumathoides fumosa which is found in New Caledonia.
 Maximovca is a commune and village in the Anenii Noi district of Moldova.
 Sitting on the Moon (1936) is an American musical film directed by Ralph Staub and released by Republic Pictures.
 Growing Pains is a 1928 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 77th Our Gang short that was released and is considered to be lost. It was the final film appearance of Jackie Condon.
 G.V. Harsha Kumar (born 9 June 1959) is a member of the 14th and 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Amalapuram constituency of Andhra Pradesh and is a member of the Indian National Congress.
 Checkered Flag or Crash is a 1977 film about off-road racing through the Philippines jungle starring Joe Don Baker and Susan Sarandon and featuring Larry Hagman Alan Vint and Parnelli Jones. It was written by Michael Allin and directed by Alan Gibson.
 Behold the Beginning is a compilation album by the heavy metal band Diamond Head. It was released after their poorly received Canterbury album and subsequent break-up and is composed mostly of tracks from the band's debut album Lightning to the Nations as well as the non-LP single Waited Too Long and its B-side Play it Loud. The album was remixed by the band's guitarist Brian Tatler.Behold the Beginning was later re-released in 1991 by Heavy Metal Records on CD format.
 Caryocolum majus is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Afghanistan.The length of the forewings is about 6 mm. The forewings are black mottled with white. There are white markings mixed with fuscous. Adults have been recorded on wing from mid-June to late July.
 Billy Currington is the first solo album by country singer Billy Currington. Released in 2003 on Mercury Nashville Records the album produced the singles Walk a Little Straighter and I Got a Feelin' both of which were Top Ten hits for Currington on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. Ain't What It Used to Be was later recorded by Megan Mullins whose version was released as a single in 2006. Currington co-wrote all but one of the songs on the album.
 Jordanów [jɔrˈdanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Brzeziny and 15 km (9 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Demirlipınar is a village in the District of Batman Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 728 people.
 The Renaissance Building is a historic building located in Richmond Virginia. It was designed by Jackson C. Gott and constructed between 1888 and 1893. It originally served primarily as a meeting hall for local Masonic lodges.
 Mesocetus (nomen dubium)is an extinct genus of cetacean.
 Microferonia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Microferonia adelaidae Blackburn 1890 Microferonia alticola Baehr 1998 Microferonia anchomenoides Macleay 1871 Microferonia avicapitis Baehr 1998 Microferonia baro Darlington 1968 Microferonia cinctipennis Sloane 1898 Microferonia habbemae Baehr 1998 Microferonia howei Moore 1992 Microferonia lucanoides (Andrewes 1933) Microferonia marginata Castelnau 1867 ↑
 The Palace of Love (1967) is a science fiction novel by American writer Jack Vance the third in his Demon Princes series.
 The Babarunca River is a tributary of the Ramura Mică River in Romania.
 Kasar Vadavali is a town located on Ghodbunder Road Maharashtra state in India. It is now a part of Thane city. Nowadays generally the area between Waghbil and Bhainderpada is called Kasar Vadavali or simply Vadavali.The area has seen massive population growth with a lot of new residential and commercial projects being completed in the last 2–4 years.
 Janatar Aadalat is a 2008 Bengali film directed by Manoj Thakur.
 Dutchtown was a mining community high in the Never Summer Mountains of what is now Rocky Mountain National Park. The ghost town lies just below the timberline and comprises the ruins of four cabins. The site was inhabited by squatters who were made unwelcome in Lulu City in the Kawuneeche Valley a couple of miles to the east.
 Kurosagi (クロサギ lit. The Black Swindler) is a Japanese manga written by Takeshi Natsuhara and illustrated by Kuromaru. The series is about a boy named Kurosaki who swindles only other professional swindlers known as shirosagi (シロサギ). It won the 2008 Shogakukan Manga Award for seinen/general manga along with Tetsuji Sekiya's Bambino!.The series was adapted as an 11-episode TV drama that was aired on TBS from 14 April 2006 to 23 June 2006.
 Fabrizio De André is an album released by Italian singer-songwriter Fabrizio De André released in 1981. The songs were written by Fabrizio De André and Massimo Bubola. It is better known as L'Indiano (The Indian) due to the picture of a Native American on the cover. The picture is a Frederic Remington's painting named The Outlier.
 Paraplatyptilia lutescens is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in North America including California.
 The President (French: Le Président) is a 1961 French thriller film directed by Henri Verneuil.
 Pu Sangliana is a politician from Mizoram who was the first Member of the Parliament of India representing Mizoram in the 5th Lok Sabha the lower house of the Indian Parliament. He was elected as a candidate of the Mizo Union.
 Chenaruiyeh (Persian: چناروييه‎ also Romanized as Chenārū’īyeh and Chenārūyeh; also known as Chanaroo’eyeh Ya’ghoob) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 5 families.
 Journal of Mathematics Teacher Education is a peer-reviewed scientific journal within the field of mathematics education. The journal was founded by Thomas J. Cooney and it first appeared in 1998. Published by Springer the journal normally appears in 6 annual issues.
 Paraplatyptilia maea is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in North America including California Utah Colorado Oregon and Alberta.The wingspan is 19–25 millimetres (0.75–0.98 in). The head and body are greyish white with some brown scales. The abdomen has dark subdorsal lines just beyond the middle and similar lines below. The antennae are brown dotted above.
 The Arraias River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Sereno Elisha Payne (June 26 1843 – December 10 1914) was a United States Representative from New York and the first House Majority Leader holding the office from 1899 to 1911. He was a Republican congressman from 1883 to 1887 and then from 1889 to his death in 1914. He was chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee for 12 years starting in 1899. The Payne-Aldrich Tariff is perhaps the most significant legislation he introduced during that period.
 The Web of Titan is the second book in the Galahad series written by Dom Testa.
 Black God (黒神 Kurokami) is a Japanese-Korean manga series written by Dall-Young Lim and illustrated by Sung-Woo Park. Square Enix publishes the manga in Japan's bi-monthly seinen magazine Young Gangan. The story is initially set in modern day Tokyo then changes to the island of Okinawa in the middle of the story. The word Black in the title refers to the character Kuro (黒) as it means black in Japanese. God in the title refers to the fact that Kuro is a superhuman or Tera Guardian.
 Beverley McLachlin PC (born 7 September 1943) is the 17th and current Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada and the first woman to hold this position. She also serves as a Deputy of the Governor General of Canada.
 Cardiology in Review is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering cardiology. It was established in 2011 and is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The editors-in-chief are William H. Frishman (New York Medical College) and Patrick T. O'Gara (Brigham & Women's Hospital).
 The Nature and Origins of Mass Opinion is a 1992 non-fiction book by political scientist John Zaller that examines the processes by which individuals form and express political opinions and the implications this has for public opinion research. The book has been called the single most important book on public opinion since V. O.
 Jebel ech Chambi (Arabic: جبل الشعانبي‎; also spelled Mount Ash-Sha'nabi) is the highest mountain in Tunisia at 1544m. It stands above the city of Kasserine in western central Tunisia and is covered by a pine forest.
 Gaussia princeps is a mesopelagic copepod found in temperate and tropical waters worldwide. They have been known to display bioluminescence.Gaussia princeps is used in the production of luciferase.
 Gracillariidae is an important family of insects in the order Lepidoptera and the principal family of leaf miners that includes several economic horticultural or recently invasive pest species such as the horse-chestnut leaf miner Cameraria ohridella.
 Beeston Beck is a minor watercourse in the north of the County Of Norfolk.
 In Mayan Splendor is a collection of poems by Frank Belknap Long. It was released in 1977 by Arkham House in an edition of 2947 copies. The book is illustrated by Stephen E. Fabian and contains the complete contents of Long's earlier verse collections A Man from Genoa (1926) and The Goblin Tower (1935) plus additional poems.
 The Guilty Ones is a 1916 American comedy film directed by and starring Oliver Hardy. It was the first film to be directed by Hardy.
 Hexachaeta nigriventris is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Hexachaeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Brachodes gressitti is a moth of the Brachodidae family that is endemic to Chinese province of Hainan.
 Peter Joseph Noozhumurry Varghese AO (born 1956 in Kenya) an Australian diplomat and public servant has been the Secretary of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade since 3 December 2012.
 The Cherrydale Volunteer Fire House is home to the Cherrydale Volunteer Fire Department in the Cherrydale neighborhood of Arlington Virginia. Constructed in 1919 it has been a focal point for community attention and affection ever since. The building served as Arlington County Fire Station #3 until a new station opened nearby in July 2011. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 28 1995
 Scaphites (Greek skafh a boat or anything dug or scooped out) is a genus of extinct cephalopod belonging to the family of heteromorph ammonites (suborder Ancyloceratina). They were a widespread genus that thrived during the Cretaceous period.Scaphites generally have a chambered boat-shaped shell. The initial part (juvenile stage) of the shell is generally more or less involute (tightly-coiled) and compressed giving no hint of the heteromorphic shell form yet to come.
 Mill Creek is a 17.8-mile-long (28.6 km) stream originating in the San Bernardino Mountains in San Bernardino County California. It is a major tributary of the Santa Ana River. Their confluence occurs just downstream of the upper Santa Ana Canyon mouth. Part of the upper creek flows through San Bernardino National Forest.Mill Creek is in much better condition than the lower portions of the Santa Ana watershed as its drainage area is less urbanized.
 The Double Life of Véronique (French: La double vie de Véronique Polish: Podwójne życie Weroniki) is a 1991 French and Polish-language drama film directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Irène Jacob. Written by Kieślowski and Krzysztof Piesiewicz the film explores the themes of identity love and human intuition through the characters of Weronika a Polish choir soprano and her double Véronique a French music teacher.
 The eastern long-fingered bat or big-footed myotis (Myotis macrodactylus) is a species of vesper bat. An adult Big-Footed Myotis has a body length of 4.1-4.8 cm a tail of 3.1-4.9 cm and a wing length of 3.7-4.2 cm. It nests in groups and favors caves tunnels and abandoned mines. It can be found in Korea Japan from the Amami Islands in the south to Hokkaido in the north as well as in eastern Siberia and Sakhalin in Russia.
 Hay que educar a Niní is a 1940 Argentine film.
 Strand is a village in the municipality of Sortland in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the island of Hinnøya at the eastern end of the Sortland Bridge which crosses the Sortlandsundet strait and connects to the town of Sortland on Langøya island. It is located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the village of Sigerfjord. The 0.37-square-kilometre (91-acre) village has a population (2011) of 534. The population density is 1443 inhabitants per square kilometre (3740 /sq mi).
 Requiem for a Secret Agent (also known as Requiem per un agente segreto) is an Italian international co-production Eurospy spy film. It was co-produced with Spain (where it was released as Consigna: Tánger 67) and West Germany (where it was released as Der Chef schickt seinen besten Mann).It is the third and last Eurospy movie of Sollima and the first he signed with his real name (in the two previous spy films he was credited as Simon Sterling). It was shot is Morocco.
 Pobijenik (Serbian Cyrillic: Побијеник) is a mountain in western Serbia between cities of Prijepolje and Priboj. Its highest peak Borak has an elevation of 1423 meters above sea level.
 Brindo con el Alma was the 14th album recorded by vallenato singer Diomedes Diaz in 1986 featuring accordion player Cocha Molina.1. Sin Medir Distancias2. Los Sabanales3. Ayúdame A Quererte4. El Inventario5. Cuando Me Voy6. Brindo Con El Alma7. Señora Caracas8. Pasajeros De La Vida9. Sin Ti10. La Dueña De Mi Canto11. Morenita
 Mohnia krampi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Deseo is the sixth solo album by Yes lead singer Jon Anderson released in 1994. Augmented by well-known artists from across South and Latin America with cameos from Maria Conchita Alonso Cecilia Toussaint Milton Nascimento and many others.
 Alurak (Persian: الورك‎ also Romanized as Ālūrak) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Sir John Tudor Walters PC (1868 – 16 July 1933) was a British architect surveyor and Liberal politician. He served as Paymaster-General under David Lloyd George from 1919 to 1922 and once again briefly in 1931 under Ramsay MacDonald.
 Quicker'n a Wink is a 1940 American short documentary film about stroboscopic photography directed by George Sidney. It won an Academy Award in 1941 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 Bathyuroconger is a genus of eels in the family Congridae. It currently contains the following species: Bathyuroconger parvibranchialis (Fowler 1934) Bathyuroconger vicinus (Vaillant 1888) (Large-toothed conger)
 Yevpatoria Bay (Russian: Евпаторийская бухта Ukrainian: Євпаторійська бухта Crimean Tatar: Kezlev körfezi Кезлев корьфези) is a bay in the Black Sea near Yevpatoria Crimea.
 Chah-e Arabi (Persian: چاه عربي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ‘Arabī and Chāh ‘Arabī; also known as Shāh ‘Arabī) is a village in Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 24 families.
 Twelve Years a Slave (1853) is a memoir and slave narrative by Solomon Northup as told to and edited by David Wilson. Northup a black man who was born free in New York details his kidnapping in Washington D.C. and subsequent sale into slavery. After having been kept in bondage for 12 years in Louisiana by various masters Northup was able to write to friends and family in New York who were in turn able to secure his release.
 Marriott is Steve Marriott's debut solo album from 1976 and features a British and an American side reflecting the make-up of the bands backing Steve Marriott. The British side includes former Humble Pie colleague Greg Ridley on bass and singing backing vocals.
 Veerangkuppam is a small village in Ambur Taluk part of the Vellore District in the Indian State of Tamil Nadu. This village is surrounded by cocunut tree farms and the Palar river. The village's population is approximately 3000. This village is famous for local festival called 'CHAMUNDEESWARI AMMAN THIRUVIZHA' comes every year of January after the festival PONGAL. The main part of the festival is 'YERUTHU VIDUM THIRUVIZHA' (Like Jallikattu) and 'KARAGAM'.
 The Red Napoleon (1929) is a novel by Floyd Gibbons predicting a Soviet conquest of Europe and invasion of America. The novel contains strong racial overtones such as expressed fear of the yellow peril. Although to be fair the characters expressing these views are exposed in the text as being bigoted and ill-informed.The Red Napoleon was published in 1929 and projects the next few years. In it Joseph Stalin is killed by an assassin in 1932.
 Rachel River is a 1987 comedy-drama film about a young journalist who returns to her Minnesota home town to reexamine her life. The film was directed by Sandy Smolan and stars Pamela Reed Ailene Cole Don Cosgrove and Craig T. Nelson.
 Mindaugas Sinkevičius (born 20 June 1984 in Jonava) is a Lithuanian politician Mayor of Jonava.
 Actias is a genus of Saturniid moths which contains the Asian-American Moon moths. The majority of this genus feed on the gum of the sweetgum pine or similar trees. As with all Saturniids adult Actias moths do not possess functional mouths so their lifespan after emergence from the cocoon only ranges from a few days to a week.
 Cyanopepla glaucopoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Brazil (Para).
 The Just and the Unjust is a novel by James Gould Cozzens published in 1942. Set in Childerstown a fictional rural town of 4000 persons the novel is a courtroom drama of a murder trial that begins June 14 1939 and takes three days.Cozzens lived in Lambertville New Jersey when he wrote The Just and the Unjust and researched his subject by spending hours at the Doylestown Pennsylvania courthouse.
 Timothy Farrar Jr. (March 17 1788 – October 27 1874) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a judge in New Hampshire and as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
 Illadelph Halflife is the third studio album by American hip hop band The Roots released September 24 1996 on Geffen Records. It features a tougher and broader sound than their previous album Do You Want More?!!!??! (1995). The album also contains integration of programmed drums and guest contributions by R&B musicians such as Amel Larrieux and D'Angelo as well as jazz musicians such as David Murray Steve Coleman Cassandra Wilson Graham Haynes.
 Gita Irawan Wirjawan (born September 21 1965) is an Indonesian businessman and former banker. In October 2011 he was appointed as Minister of Trade of the Republic of Indonesia by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono. Gita Irawan Wirjawan his full name is the son of the couple Wirjawan Djojosugito and Paula Wirjawan. In 2008 he founded the company Ancora Capital (tempo) a private equity fund whose primary investments focus on natural resources and mining.
 Slieve Bearnagh (from the Irish: Sliabh Bearna) is a mountain in the Mourne Mountains Northern Ireland. Its summit is crowned by a number of rocky tors. The Mourne Wall crosses the summit of Slieve Bearnagh east to west. Paths lead to the cols on either side of the mountain namely Pollaphuca (pool of the púca) to the west and Hare's Gap to the east. From the latter one can also descend southwards to the head of the Ben Crom reservoir.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 431 in 93 families.
 The Eupleridae is a family of carnivorans endemic to Madagascar and comprising 10 known living species in seven genera. Probably the best known species is the fossa (Cryptoprocta ferox) in the subfamily Euplerinae.
 The Michigan Central Railroad Depot (listed in the National Register of Historic Places as the Penn Central Railway Station) opened on July 27 1888 in Battle Creek MI. Rogers and MacFarlane of Detroit designed the depot one of several Richardsonian Romanesque-style stations between Detroit and Chicago in the late nineteenth century. Thomas Edison as well as Presidents William Howard Taft and Gerald Ford visited here.
 L'Écho du Katanga ('The Echo of Katanga') was a French-language weekly newspaper published from Elisabethville Congo-Leopoldville. l'Écho du Katanga was founded in 1929 by Jean Decoster. It replaced Journal du Katanga which had been founded in 1911. The newspaper promoted European settlement in Congo. Later Decoster's son Albert Decoster took over the post as the editor of l'Écho du Katanga.L'Écho du Katanga was closed down in 1962.
 The Barefoot Executive is a live-action Walt Disney Productions film released by Buena Vista Distribution in 1971 starring Kurt Russell Joe Flynn Wally Cox Heather North and John Ritter (in his film debut) about a pet chimpanzee named Raffles who can predict the popularity of television programs.
 Lushkan (Persian: لوشكان‎ also Romanized as Lūshkān Looshkan Lowshkān and Lūshgān) is a village in Ak Rural District Esfarvarin District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2864 in 621 families.
 Scleromystax macropterus is a species of catfish of the family Callichthyidae. S. macropterus inhabits coastal rivers of Brazil from São Paulo to Santa Catarina State and some tributaries of the upper Paraná River.
 Donna Howard (born October 25 1951) is a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives representing the 48th District since her election in 2006. She currently serves as vice chairman of the House Administration Committee and also serves on the Appropriations Committee the Higher Education Committee and the Appropriations Sub-Committees on Article III and on Budget Transparency and Reform.
 In Sunlight In a Beautiful Garden is the second novel of the American writer Kathleen Cambor.A historical novel its plot is based on the Johnstown Flood of 1889 when more than 2000 people drowned after the collapse of the South Fork Dam. It accurately portrays the historical figures of the South Fork Fishing and Hunting Club the industrialists Henry Clay Frick Andrew Mellon and Andrew Carnegie in their cameo roles.
 David B. Sullivan (born June 6 1953 in Fall River Massachusetts) was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives representing the 6th Bristol District. He is a member of the Democratic Party.He is a graduate of Bristol Community College and Southeastern Massachusetts University and completed his graduate studies at Bridgewater State College.
 Capila zennara commonly known as the Pale Striped Dawnfly is a species of hesperid butterfly found in tropical Asia.
 Pizzo Quadro is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps on the Swiss-Italian border. With an elevation of 2793 metres above sea level it is the highest summit of the range lying south of the Wandfluhhorn and the Guriner Furggu (2323 m). Pizzo Quadro is located between the localities of San Rocco di Prèmia (Piedmont) and Campo (Ticino).
 Sýkořice is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 La Soupe aux Choux (translation: Cabbage Soup) is a 1981 French film directed by Jean Girault based on a novel by René Fallet. It was the second to last movie made by French comedian Louis de Funès.
 Carriger Creek is a stream Sonoma County California. Southwest of the city of Sonoma California its name changes to Fowler Creek. This article covers both parts of the creek.Carriger Creek springs from the eastern slope of Sonoma Mountain 4 mi (6 km) southwest of Glen Ellen. It flows southwest through a 3 mi (5 km) canyon that opens west of El Verano. In the Sonoma Valley it joins with Felder Creek just north of West Watmaugh Road and becomes Fowler Creek.
 Beneath the Boardwalk refers to an unofficial collection of 18 demo recordings by Sheffield band Arctic Monkeys which was burned onto CDs to give away at the band's gigs for free and which emerged on the Internet in 2004 promptly file-shared amongst fans.
 The Eyes of the Beast is the second studio album by black metal band Astrofaes. It was released on Oriana Records in 2000 and was re-released in 2003 by Oaken Shield Records.
 Red Pass Lake is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California 66 km (41 mi) northeast of Tecopa. The lake is approximately 3 km (1.9 mi) long and 2.5 km (1.6 mi) at its widest point.
 Bocula divergens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Borneo Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra and Thailand.
 The Repulsion Box is the second album released by Sons and Daughters under Domino Recording on June 6 2005 on CD and LP format. It charted at #70 in its first week but left the chart quickly afterwards.
 The Wizard of Mars is a 1965 low budget science fiction film takeoff of L. Frank Baum's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz co-written and directed by stage magician David L. Hewitt. The title character is portrayed by John Carradine who gives a lengthy monologue as a projection near the end of the film.
 The Río Coco formerly known as the Río Segovia Cape River or Yara River is a river in southern southern Honduras and northern Nicaragua. The Miskito Indians who live along the river know it as the Wanki or Wanks River.
 Middle Lake Hamilton is a natural freshwater lake on the northeast edge of Winter Haven Florida. At one point on the north shore the Winter Haven city limits touches the lake's shore. This lake has an 103-acre (420000 m2) surface area. Middle Lake Hamilton is between two other lakes with Hamilton in their names Lake Hamilton (Florida) and Little Lake Hamilton. Ironically Middle Lake Hamilton is considerably smaller than Little Lake Hamilton.
 Robert D. Freeman (November 20 1921 – December 17 2001) was a former member of the Ohio Senate serving the 29th District from 1975 to 1978. Freeman was often known as Sunshine Bob. A Democrat he was active in Canton area politics for over three decades. He died in 2001 after being involved in an automobile accident.
 Street Knight is a 1993 American action film starring Jeff Speakman. It was the last film released by Cannon Films.The film currently holds a 4.6/10 user rating on the Internet Movie Database.
 Arpe (Wenne Niederberndorf) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Mosher House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home that was constructed in Wellington Ohio in 1902.
 Irv Gotti Presents: The Inc. is a compilation album released in 2002 featuring members of Irv Gotti's label Murder Inc. (now known as The Inc. Records). The album featured the singles Down 4 U which reached #6 on the U.S. Hot 100 and Ain't It Funny (Murder Remix) which made it all the way to #1. The album debuted #3 on the Billboard 200 with 193000 copies sold in the first week and was certified gold by the RIAA the next month with sales of over 500000 copies.
 The Strange Adventures of Rangergirl is a 2005 novel by Tim Pratt. This is Pratt's first full length novel. 'Rangergirl' takes place in present day but with science fiction and western themes found throughout the story.
 Naan Rajavaga Pogiren (English:I am going to become Raja) is a 2013 Tamil action film co-written and directed by Prithvi Rajkumar Assistant of Vetrimaaran and writer of Sathyaraj starrer Lootty and 6.2. The film features Nakul Chandni and newcomer Avani Modi in the lead roles.The film opened average reviews and average grosser at the box office.
 Kyawngtet is a village in Hsi Hseng Township Taunggyi District in the Shan State of eastern Burma. It is located just to the south of Banyin and to the north of Loisawn along the National Highway 5.
 The Râul Roșu is a tributary of the Sirca River in Romania.
 Alor Setar Tower (Malay: Menara Alor Setar) is a 165.5 m (543 ft) telecommunication tower in Alor Setar in the state of Kedah Malaysia. Apart from serving the role of a telecommunication tower it also caters as a tourist destination for the town. The tower also houses some restaurants and a souvenir shop.
 Looks Like Trouble (foaled 7 May 1992) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse trained by Noel Chance. A specialised Steeplechaser he raced between February 1997 and June 2003 and won eight of his eighteen races.In 2000 he was well-fancied for the Cheltenham Gold Cup at the odds of 9–2 and was ridden by Richard Johnson. At the tenth fence the horse blundered badly and almost lost a complete chance in the race. He eventually went on to win by five lengths.
 The California Aggie is a weekly newspaper distributed in the Davis California area. It is staffed entirely by UC Davis students and is the official campus newspaper.
 Lake Aktaş (Turkish: Aktaş Gölü) Lake Khozapini (Georgian: ხოზაფინის ტბა khozap'inis tba; Turkish: Hazapin Gölü) or Kartsakhi Lake (Georgian: კარწახის ტბა karts'akhis tba) is a lake the Caucasus Mountains. It sits on the international border between Georgia and Turkey.
 John Berry (April 26 1833 – May 18 1879) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.Born near Carey in that portion of Crawford County which is now Wyandot County Ohio Berry attended public schools and Ohio Wesleyan University at Delaware. He graduated from the law department of Cincinnati College in 1857.He was admitted to the bar in April 1857 and commenced practice in Upper Sandusky Ohio.Berry was elected prosecuting attorney of Wyandot County in 1862. He was reelected in 1864.
 Ministry of Sound Sessions Three is a dance music compilation album and the third installment of the Australian Ministry of Sound sessions series which started back in 2004. There are a total of 40 tracks spread across the two discs. The Discs were mixed by John Course and Goodwill. This was Goodwills first appearance in the Sessions series while it was the third straight appearance for John Course.
 John Barker (9 March 1771 – 5 October 1849) was an English diplomat and horticulturist.
 Panthera onca augusta commonly known as the Pleistocene North American jaguar is an extinct subspecies of the jaguar that was endemic to North and South America during the Pleistocene epoch (1.8 mya—11000 years ago).
 Tibellus is a genus of slender crab spiders described by Simon in 1875 belonging to the order Araneae family Philodromidae. Species of this genus are present in Eurasia Africa Americas and Australia.
 John F. Keenan (born 1964) is a member of the Massachusetts State Senate for the Norfolk and Plymouth district.Prior to being elected to the Massachusetts State Senate he served on the Quincy City Council from 2003 to 2012. He finished his term on the Quincy City Council in January 2012 and did not seek re-election. He was sworn in on January 5 2011. Senator Keenan ran unopposed in the general election on November 2012.
 The Bad Seed is a 1954 play by American playwright Maxwell Anderson adapted from 1954 the novel of the same name by American writer William March.
 The Upside of Down: Catastrophe Creativity and the Renewal of Civilization (ISBN 0-676-97722-7) is a non-fiction book published in 2006 by Thomas Homer-Dixon a professor who at the time was the director of the Trudeau Centre for Peace and Conflict Studies at University of Toronto.The book sets out a theory of the growth crisis and renewal of societies. The world's converging energy environmental and political stresses could cause a breakdown of national and global order.
 The Baitul Futuh Mosque (English: House of Victories) is a mosque in London. It is the largest mosque complex in Western Europe. Completed in 2003 at a cost of approximately £5.5 million entirely from donations of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community the mosque covers an area of 5.2 acres (21000 m2) and the full complex can accommodate up to 10000 worshippers.
 And One Was Beautiful is a 1940 romantic drama film starring Robert Cummings Laraine Day and Jean Muir. It is based on the story of the same name by Alice Duer Miller. Two sisters are attracted to a rich playboy. One runs over and kills a man and lets the playboy take the blame.
 The Snake Woman is a 1961 British horror film directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Susan Travers John McCarthy.
 The Crimson Patch first published in 1936 is a detective story by Phoebe Atwood Taylor which features her series detective Asey Mayo the Codfish Sherlock. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 Son of a Bitches Brew is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & the Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released by Riot Season in 2012. The album is available on CD or as a limited edition double-LP (500 copies) on blue and salmon vinyl. This album also marks the return of former vocalist Cotton Casino.
 Captain America and the Falcon was a comic book series published for fourteen issues in 2004 and 2005 by Marvel Comics. The series' title is a reuse of the cover title of Captain America's solo series during a period in which the Falcon was given second billing on the front cover.
 Liphistius batuensis is a species of trapdoor spider from Malaysia. It is thought to be restricted to the Batu Caves near Kuala Lumpur. It was first collected by H. C. Abraham in 1923 and has been described as a living fossil.Adults build a nest which is 40–50 millimetres (1.6–2.0 in) long with an opening some 22 millimetres (0.9 in) wide from which six to ten strands of silk radiate out 12.5–15 centimetres (5–6 in) in a semicircle.
 William Whiting Boardman (October 10 1794 – August 27 1871) was a politician and United States Representative from Connecticut.
 Tuscarora Creek is a 7.7-mile-long (12.4 km) tributary of the Monocacy River in Frederick County Maryland in the United States.The creek rises at the eastern base of Catoctin Mountain about 6.5 miles (10.5 km) north-northwest of the city of Frederick and flows southeast about to its mouth at the Monocacy. The creek's watershed area is 15.28 square miles (39.6 km2).
 Zhang Gaoli (born November 1946) is the current first-ranked Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China and a member of the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China. He was previously CPC Tianjin Committee Secretary until November 2012 and was the Party Secretary in the economic sprawl of Shandong province until March 2007.
 The bullhead (Cottus gobio) is a freshwater fish that is widely distributed in Europe mainly in rivers. It is a member of the Cottidae family a type of sculpin. It is also known as the miller's thumb freshwater sculpin common bullhead and European bullhead.The bullhead is a small demersal fish that lives both in cold clear fast-flowing small streams and in middle-sized rivers. It also occurs on gravelly shores of cold lakes.
 The Syracuse Telegram and Courier was a daily newspaper serving Syracuse New York. The paper was founded in 1856 and published under a series of different names until it stopped publishing in 1905 due to high levels of debt.
 The Plot Thickens is the third studio album by United Kingdom acid jazz group Galliano. It was released in the UK on Gilles Peterson's Talkin' Loud record label on 27 May 1994. It was placed at number 44 in NME's list of the Top 50 Albums of 1994.
 Hayes C. McClerkin (born December 16 1931) is a commercial and environmental law attorney in Texarkana Arkansas who served as a member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from 1961–1970 and as Speaker from 1969-1970. He succeeded Speaker Sterling R. Cockrill of Little Rock who in 1970 switched parties and ran as the unsuccessful Republican nominee for lieutenant governor. McClerkin did not seek a sixth term in the House in 1970.
 The Benevente River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Slieve Donard (/ˌsliːv ˈdɒnərd/ SLEEV DON-ərd; from Irish: Sliabh Dónairt meaning Dónairt's mountain) is an 850-metre (2790 ft) mountain in County Down Northern Ireland. Part of the Mourne Mountains it is the highest peak in Northern Ireland and in the wider province of Ulster. It is also the 19th highest peak on the island of Ireland.
 Gładków [ˈɡwatkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Tarczyn 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Piaseczno and 30 km (19 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Germanicus Young Tigner (1856–1938) served in the Georgia State legislature in 1888 and 1889 and from 1902 to 1904. He served as a judge in Columbus Georgia from 1909 to 1912.
 Adresseavisen is a regional newspaper published daily except Sundays in Trondheim Norway. It is an independent conservative newspaper with a daily circulation of approximately 85000. It is also informally known as Adressa. The newspaper covers the areas of Trøndelag and Nordmøre.Adresseavisen switched from broadsheet to tabloid format on 16 September 2006.
 Andy Hardy Meets Debutante is a 1940 American family comedy film directed by George B. Seitz. The film stars Lewis Stone Mickey Rooney Cecilia Parker Fay Holden and Judy Garland. This is the 10th of the Andy Hardy film series.
 Lake Palmdale is an artificial lake completed in 1924 along with the nearby Littlerock Reservoir and the Littlerock Dam. It is part of the California State Water Project and is fed by the California Aqueduct. It is located in the city of Palmdale near the city's southern edge in the small Anaverde Valley between the San Andreas Fault and the base of Mount Tenhi.
 Wyrms (1987) is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card. The story examines desire wisdom and human will. Card describes a version of the tri-partite soul similar to that articulated by Plato in The Republic.
 Looking Out is an album by the jazz pianist McCoy Tyner released on the Columbia label in 1982. It has performances by Tyner with Carlos Santana Stanley Clarke Gary Bartz vocalist Phyllis Hyman and a string section. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states the music is quite forgettable. Tyner plays well and with as much passion as usual but one can clearly sense that not all of the musicians were recording the music at the same time for they rarely react to each other's presence.
 Watuwala Eastern Province is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 GasHole is a 2008 documentary film about the history of oil prices and the future of alternative fuels which was released directly to DVD. The film details the dependency of United States on foreign supplies of oil. The documentary is directed by Scott Roberts and Jeremy Wagener and narrated by Peter Gallagher.
 yan zi (traditional Chinese: 孫燕姿; simplified Chinese: 孙燕姿; pinyin: Sūn Yàn Zī) is the eponymous debut Mandarin solo studio album of Chinese Singaporean Mandopop artist Stefanie Sun (Chinese: 孫燕姿). It was released on 8 June 2000 by Warner Music Taiwan.The track 很好 (Fine) is composed by Sun.
 The Man Whose Pharynx Was Bad is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry Harmonium. First published in 1921 it is in the public domain in the United States.One point of entry into this poem is Stevens' attitude towards the weather.
 Costalobata is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Erikssonia is a genus of Lycaenidae family.
 In the Arms of Love is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released on December 19 1966 by Columbia Records and was the last in a series of his albums produced by Robert Mersey.
 Reginald L. Love (born April 29 1981) served as the special assistant and personal aide commonly referred to as body man for taking care of the president's needs to United States President Barack Obama. Love left this position at the end of 2011 to complete his Master of Business Administration degree at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School.
 Money for Nothing is a greatest hits album by British rock band Dire Straits released in 1988. It features highlights from the band's first five albums. The vinyl edition omits Telegraph Road and has a different running order with Tunnel of Love placed between Money for Nothing the title track and Brothers in Arms. The collection went to #1 on the UK Albums Chart. It sold 6.6 million copies in Europe and one million in the U.S.
 Jonathan Robinson (November 18 1894 – October 11 1948) was a lawyer and Canadian provincial politician.He was born in Waterloo Quebec and was the grandson of Asa Belknap Foster. In 1928 he married Florence Walker McMaster daughter of Andrew Ross McMaster. He studied law at McGill University and was admitted to the Bar of Quebec in 1938.
 Memorial is a 1956 jazz album by late trumpeter Clifford Brown. It was originally released on the Prestige label as PRLP 7055. It principally includes fast bop pieces also arranged for a brass section. Ira Gitler who was supervising session for Prestige label at the time confessed he was greatly impressed by Brown: When Brownie stood up and took his first solo on Philly J J I nearly fell off my seat in the control room.
 The Southern Review is a quarterly literary magazine that was established in 1935 by Robert Penn Warren and Cleanth Brooks. It publishes fiction poetry critical essays and excerpts from novels in progress by established and emerging writers and includes reproductions of visual art.
 Tabelot is a village and rural commune in Niger. As of 2011 the commune had a total population of 32431 people.
 Gary Aubuchon is a Cape Coral Florida real estate broker and Republican politician who serves as the Representative from District 74 of the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida. He was first elected to the Florida House in 2006 and won re-election in 2008. In 2009 he chaired the Health Care Services Policy Committee.Aubuchon was born in Ferndale Michigan on July 10 1962.
 Dana Tyrone Rohrabacher (born June 21 1947) is the U.S. Representative for California's 48th congressional district and previously the 46th 45th and 42nd serving since 1989. He is a member of the Republican Party. Rohrabacher's district covers the areas of Seal Beach Sunset Beach Huntington Beach Midway City parts of Westminster Fountain Valley parts of Santa Ana Costa Mesa Newport Beach Aliso Viejo Laguna Beach and Laguna Niguel.
 Chaturanga (Bengali: চতুরঙ্গ Four Chapters) is a 2008 Bengali film. Directed by Suman Mukherjee the movie featured Rituparna Sengupta Dhritiman Chaterji Subrata Dutta Joy Sengupta and Kabir Suman.
 Crête des Gittes is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Beaufortain Massif range. It has an elevation of 2538 metres above sea level.
 Los Angeles 3:58pm is the second of two 7's in Bane's set of world series releases. It was released in America on 6131 Records as Los Angeles 3:58pm in Europe on Hurry Up! Records as Rome 12:58am and in conjunction with the 1st 7 as a CD in Australia on Resist Records as Perth 7:58am in Japan on Alliance Trax as Tokyo 7:58am and in South America on Hurry Up! Records as Curitiba 7:58pm.
 Onchidella kurodai is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Rustler Park Fire Guard Station in the area of Douglas Arizona was built in 1935 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architecture which is vernacular and other log construction. It was designed by USDA Forest Service architects and served as institutional housing. The listing includes four contributing buildings on 3 acres (1.2 ha).
 Kushk (Persian: كوشك‎ also Romanized as Kūshk; also known as Kūshk-e Marv Dasht and Kushk Marvdasht) is a village in Kenareh Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3035 in 737 families.
 Firelight is a 1964 science fiction adventure film written and directed by Steven Spielberg at the age of 17. Made on a budget of $500 the film was in a manner of speaking Spielberg's first commercial success as it was shown at a local cinema and generated a profit of $1. I counted the receipts that night Spielberg has recalled And we charged a dollar a ticket.
 The Sohodol River is a tributary of the Nădrab river in Romania.
 Pomortsev is a small lunar crater that is located in the eastern part of the Moon's near side. It lies on the eastern edge of Mare Spumans to the southwest of the crater Dubyago. This formation was previously designated Dubyago P before being given a name by the IAU. One crater diameter to the north is the smaller Stewart.The nearly featureless interior of this crater has been resurfaced by basaltic lava leaving a dark floor with an albedo that nearly matches the lunar mare to the west.
 Michel Richard Citronelle was an American restaurant located in Georgetown Washington D.C. in the Latham Hotel. The chef and owner of Michel Richard Citronelle is Michel Richard who received a James Beard Foundation Award in 2007 for Outstanding Chef.
 Holophaea vesta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Möschler in 1877. It is found in Surinam and French Guiana.
 Oscar Sheppard was a politician from West Alexandria Ohio United States. He was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives and Ohio State Senate serving as president pro tempore of the Senate at the turn of the twentieth century.
 Lake Çıldır (Turkish: Çıldır Gölü Georgian: ჩრდილი ჩრდილის ტბა) - Chrdilis tba (original etymology of the word Çıldır - meaning lake of shadows Armenian: Ծովակ Հյուսիսո - Tzovák Hiusisó) is a large freshwater lake in the Ardahan Province northeastern part of Turkey. It is located at 41.0425°N 43.2552778°E﻿ / 41.0425; 43.2552778 close to the borders with Georgia and Armenia. Lake Çıldır is located at the elevation of about 1900 m (6200 ft) and is surrounded by a mountainous region.
 Czeskie Kamienie or Mužské kameny (Czech Rocks or Man Rocks in Polish and Czech respectively) 1416 metres (4646 ft) and Śląskie Kamienie or Dívčí kameny (Silesian Rocks or Maiden Rocks) 1413 metres (4636 ft) is a twin peak and a rock formation situated in the western part of Karkonosze on Polish and Czech border within the Karkonosze National Park on the Polish–Czech Friendship Trail. The rocks are up to 8 m high.
 The Bastrop County Courthouse is a historic courthouse built in 1883 at 803 Pine St Bastrop Texas. The Renaissance Revival style building was designed by Jasper N. Preston and F.E. Ruffini. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 20 1975.Bastrop County was organized in 1837 and several houses served as early courthouses. A brick courthouse with a jail was built on the courthouse square in 1851 and used until it burned in 1883.
 The McMichael Canadian Art Collection is an art gallery in Kleinburg Ontario Canada northwest of Toronto. It houses an extensive collection of paintings by Tom Thomson the Group of Seven and their contemporaries and First Nations and Inuit artists.The core of this art collection and the very gallery itself are the result of the dreams and vision of two people.
 Sanai Choughade is a Marathi movie released on 20 June 2008. Produced by Deepti Shreyas Talpade and directed by Rajeev Patil. The movie is a light hearted family entertainer full of twists and turns which forces everyone to inspect the conventional arranged marriage system.
 The Sprinkled Rustic (Hoplodrina respersa) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known from southern and central Europe the southern part of European Russia Asia Minor Turkey and Transcaucasus.Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants.
 Kampar River on the island of Sumatra in Indonesia originates in the mountainous Bukit Barisan of West Sumatra and empties into the Malacca Strait on the island's eastern coast. It is a well-known river surfing destination because of its tidal bore known as Bono caused by sea water from a high tide flowing upstream into a wide shallow and rapidly narrowing channel against the normal flow of the river water.
 Immadi Pulikeshi (Kannada: ಇಮ್ಮಡಿ ಪುಲಿಕೇಶಿ) is a 1967 Kannada biographical feature film written by G. V. Iyer and directed by N. C. Rajan. The cast includes Rajkumar Udayakumar Jayanthi Kalpana and Balakrishna. Immadi Pulikeshi is based on the story of the famous Kannada ruler of the Chalukya dynasty who was significantly involved in branching out the dynasty to extend over most parts of the Deccan.The film had a soundtrack and original score by G. K. Venkatesh and cinematography by B.
 Raphitoma histrix is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 El Altar or Kapak Urku (Kichwa kapak principal great important / magnificence urku mountain sublime mountain hispanicized Capac Urcu Cápac Urcu) is an extinct volcano on the western side of Sangay National Park in Ecuador 170 km south of Quito. Spaniards named it so because it resembled two nuns and four friars listening to a bishop around a church altar.
 The Stepenitz is a river in the district of Prignitz Brandenburg Germany. It is a right tributary of the Elbe and runs for approximately 84 kilometers. The Dömnitz is a left tributary of the Stepenitz.The Stepenitz's source is about five kilometers south of Meyenburg. Along with the Karthane the Stepenitz flows into the Elbe at Wittenberge.The Gänsetour (geese tour) is an approximately 70 km long bicycle route along the Stepenitz.
 Cal R. Ludeman (born April 1951) is a Minnesota politician former Secretary of the Minnesota Senate and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from southwestern Minnesota. First elected in 1978 he was re-elected in 1980 and 1982. He represented the old District 20B and after redistricting in 1980 District 27A which included all or portions of Lincoln and Lyon counties.
 Barton Hollow is the first full-length studio album from The Civil Wars.Produced by Charlie Peacock it was released on February 1 2011 and became the No. 1 downloaded album on iTunes that same week. It also charted at No. 1 on the Billboard Digital Albums chart No. 10 on the Billboard 200 No. 1 on the Billboard Folk Albums chart and No. 2 on the Billboard Rock Albums chart selling 25000 copies in its first week.
 The Samuel S. Morton House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has also been known as Lillie House.The listing included three contributing buildings and one contributing structure on 3.4 acres (1.4 ha).The property's eligibility for NRHP listing was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 The Broscăria River is a tributary of the Recea River in Romania.
 Lucky Starr and the Rings of Saturn is the final novel in the Lucky Starr series six juvenile science fiction novels by Isaac Asimov that originally appeared under the pseudonym Paul French. The novel was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1958. It was the last novel to be published by Asimov until his 1966 novelization of Fantastic Voyage and his last original novel until 1973's The Gods Themselves.
 Tin Brook is an 11.0-mile-long (17.7 km) tributary of the Wallkill River almost entirely located in the town of Montgomery in Orange County New York United States. Near its mouth it flows through the village of Walden.
 Nabil Fahmi (born 5 January 1951) is an Egyptian diplomat and politician who has served in the interim government of Egypt as minister of foreign affairs since 2013.
 Bizarre is a British alternative magazine published from 1997 to the present. It is published by Dennis Publishing and is a sister publication to the Fortean Times.[citation needed]
 Acerenza Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Acerenza Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta e San Canio) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary and to Saint Canius in the town of Acerenza in the province of Potenza and the region of Basilicata Italy. It is the seat of the Archbishop of Acerenza.The cathedral is one of the most notable Romanesque structures in this part of Italy.
 Smolice [smɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zator within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Zator 17 km (11 mi) east of Oświęcim and 34 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits compilation of American country music artist Mark Wills. Released in 2002 on Mercury Nashville Records it features the greatest hits from his first four studio albums: 1996's Mark Wills 1998's Wish You Were Here 2000's Permanently and 2001's Loving Every Minute.
 The Mammoth Book of Erotica (ISBN 0786707879) is an Erotic literature anthology edited by Maxim Jakubowski that was originally published in 1994 with a revised edition published in 2000. It was published by Robinson Publishing in the United Kingdom (2000 reprint by Robinson imprint of Constable & Robinson) and by Carroll & Graf (Avalon Publishing Group imprint) in the United States.
 Rudolf Chmel (born 11 February 1939) is a Slovak politician who was Minister of Culture in the government of Slovakia from 2002 to 2005 and again in 2006. He was also the last ambassador of Czechoslovakia accredited to Hungary a member of the Parliament of Slovakia and a writer and editor. 2010-2012 he was a Deputy Prime Minister in Iveta Radičová's government.
 Maryamabad (Persian: مريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Maryamābād) is a village in Estarabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 788 in 196 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Harunak (Persian: مزرعه هارونك‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Hārūnak and Mazra‘eh Hārūnak; also known as Hārūnak) is a village in Kushk-e Qazi Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 5 families.
 Elliðavatn is a lake in Iceland. It is situated in the area of Reykjavík.Not far from it there is the well known natural park Heiðmörk with its hiking and biking trails small forests and lava formations. The eastern shores of Elliðavatn are part of Heiðmörk nature reserve protected by the state.Coming on the hringvegur (Route 1) over the Hellisheiði in the direction of the capital city travelers pass by the lake.
 The Tsubo River (津保川 Tsubo-gawa) has its source in the northeastern portion of the city of Seki Gifu Prefecture Japan. From there it flows through Gifu and into the Nagara River. It is part of the Kiso River system.
 Narty [ˈnartɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Manisilaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Cylindrocopturus eatoni is a species of weevil that is commonly found in Oregon. The adults of the species are black and densely covered with grayish scales. The species is a good flier but it often hops when disturbed which is why it is often mistaken for a leafhopper. It lays its eggs singly in niches excavated in the bark of a main stem and its twigs. Cream-colored larvae hatch a few days later and begin tunneling in the outer layers of the roots feeding on the phloem and xylem.
 Leaving All Behind is the self-released debut EP/Demo of the Power metal band Cellador.
 The Magic Box is a 1951 British Technicolor biographical drama film directed by John Boulting. The film stars Robert Donat as William Friese-Greene with a host of cameo appearances by such actors as Peter Ustinov and Laurence Olivier. It was produced by Ronald Neame and distributed by British Lion Film Corporation. The film was a project of the Festival of Britain and adapted by Eric Ambler from the controversial biography by Ray Allister.
 Bodega Bay is a shallow rocky inlet of the Pacific Ocean on the coast of northern California in the United States. It is approximately 5 mi (8 km) across and is located approximately 40 mi (60 km) northwest of San Francisco and 20 mi (32 km) west of Santa Rosa. The bay straddles the boundary between Sonoma County to the north and Marin County to the south.
 Botany Worsted Mills Historic District is located in Passaic Passaic County New Jersey. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 26 1991.
 The Sense Apparatus is the first album by Frantic Bleep.Drums were recorded at Huset; guitars were recorded at Breidablikk; vocals recorded at Engelaug & Knapper; and bass overdubs and additional vocals were recorded at Tora Bora Studios. All engineering producing and mixing were done by guitarist Patrick Scantlebury. Mixed at Tora Bora Studios in September 2004 and mastered by Tom Kvålsvoll at Strype Audio on October 12 2004. All lyrics are by Paul Mozart Bjørke.
 Airbacktrax is the first best-of album by German industrial music band X Marks the Pedwalk. It was released by Zoth Ommog in Europe as both an LP and CD and in North America by Cleopatra Records as a CD with the alternate title Abattoir.
 The Low Memorial Library is the administrative center of Columbia University. Built in 1895 by University President Seth Low in memory of his father Abiel Abbot Low and financed with $1 million of Low's own money due to the recalcitrance of university alumni it is the focal point and most prominent building on the university's Morningside Heights campus.
 Gay News was a pioneering fortnightly newspaper in the United Kingdom founded in June 1972 in a collaboration between former members of the Gay Liberation Front and members of the Campaign for Homosexual Equality (CHE). At the newspaper's height circulation was 18000 to 19000 copies.
 The Journal of Cross-Cultural Gerontology is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing articles on the aging process. The journal includes articles covering both Western and non-Western societies covering disciplines including history anthropology sociology political science psychology population studies and health care and taking both theoretical or applied approaches.
 Spinycheek sleepers (Eleotris) is a genus of sleeper gobies with a circumglobal distribution.
 Ma On Shan (Chinese: 馬鞍山) is a saddle-shaped peak in east of Tolo Harbour in the New Territories of Hong Kong. With a peak of 702 metres (2303 ft) it stands among the ten highest mountains in Hong Kong. The mountain borders Sha Tin and Tai Po districts.Iron ore was mined here in the past. An extensive network of tunnels is buried under the hill.
 Chilton House is a historic home located at St. Albans Kanawha County West Virginia. It was built in 1857 and is a T-shaped brick dwelling in the Gothic Revival style. The roof structure has a total of seven gables three in the head and four in the leg of its T shape. In 1975 the house was moved approximately 200 yards to its new location and set on a cinder block and sandstone foundation.
 The Hyatt Regency Dallas is a 345 ft (105 m) 30-story 1120-room hotel at the Reunion district in Dallas Texas. It was featured in the opening credits of the television series Dallas for the show's entire run from 1978 until 1991. The building is connected to Union Station and Reunion Tower the city's landmark observation tower. The Y-shaped building has an atrium on the south side. A low rise ballroom with 32000 square feet (3000 m2) was added in 1998.
 Abdul Mannan Hossain (born 15 October 1952) is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Murshidabad constituency of West Bengal and is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.
 The Vermilion River is a river in the Lake Huron drainage basin in Sudbury District and Greater Sudbury in Northeastern Ontario Canada.
 The Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall (BMICH) is a convention center located in Colombo Sri Lanka. Built between 1970 and 1973 the convention center was a gift from the People's Republic of China in memory of Solomon Ridgeway Dias Bandaranaike Prime Minister of Sri Lanka (Ceylon) from 1956 to 1959. The construction of the Hall was carried out by a joint Sri Lankan and Chinese workforce with a considerable portion of the building materials being imported from China.
 The 12th Man Again (also known as The 12th Man Again! (with the exclamation point)) is the third album released by The Twelfth Man. Released in 1990 it reached number one on the ARIA Album Charts.
 The Col de Jaman (1512 m) is a mountain pass in the western Swiss Alps connecting Montreux in the canton of Vaud to Montbovon in the canton of Fribourg. The pass itself overlooked by the Dent de Jaman is located within the canton of Vaud the border with the canton of Fribourg running one kilometre east.The pass is connected to Les Avants by a paved road. A railway tunnel (Montreux–Oberland Bernois railway) runs below the pass.
 Illinois Times is a weekly free newspaper (distributed every Thursday) based in Springfield Illinois. Founded in 1975 the newspaper was acquired in 1977 by Fletcher Farrar Sr. a Mount Vernon Ill. businessman who employed his son Fletcher Bud Farrar Jr. as editor. The senior Farrar died in 1995; his son sold the paper two years later. Farrar Jr. reacquired control in 2002 and returned as editor in 2008.
 Lignicida is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Al Asfour (العصفور The Sparrow) is a 1972 film.
 You Read to Me I'll Read to You: Very Short Mother Goose Tales to Read Together is the third book in the You Read to Me I'll Read to You series. It is written by Mary Ann Hoberman and illustrated by Michael Emberley.
 Hunting Ground is a trade paperback collecting comic stories based on the Angel television series.
 Naran (Malayalam: നരന്‍ English: The Man) is a 2005 Malayalam film written by Ranjan Pramod and directed by Joshi. The film tells the story of Mullankolli Velayudhan (Mohanlal) a homeless ruffian with a good heart.It was one of the Onam releases in 2005.
 George Stanley McGovern (July 19 1922 – October 21 2012) was an American historian author U.S. Representative U.S. Senator and the Democratic Party presidential nominee in the 1972 presidential election.McGovern grew up in Mitchell South Dakota where he was a renowned debater. He volunteered for the U.S. Army Air Forces upon the country's entry into World War II and as a B-24 Liberator pilot flew 35 missions over German-occupied Europe.
 111 Eighth Avenue is a full-block Art Deco multi-use building located between Eighth and Ninth Avenues and 15th and 16th Streets in the Chelsea neighborhood of the Manhattan borough of New York City.At 2900000 square feet (270000 m2) it is currently the city's third largest building in terms of square footage. It was the largest building until 1963 when the Met Life Building 3140000 square feet (292000 m2) opened.
 Qaleh-ye Sadri (Persian: قلعه صدرئ‎) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 65 families.
 Elephantmen is an American ongoing monthly comic book published by Image Comics and written by Richard Starkings with art by Moritat and a number of other artists. Issue #1 was released in July 2006.
 Roßgundkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Alexander Hamilton Bullock (March 2 1816 – January 17 1882) was the 26th Governor of Massachusetts from 1866 to 1869 and helped create the New England Emigrant Aid Society in 1855.
 The Crown of Scotland is a hill in Dumfries and Galloway Scotland.At a relatively small elevation from the surrounding peaks it is situated to the north of the Devil's Beef Tub and the town of Moffat. The hill's unusual name derives from the alliance made between Robert the Bruce and James Douglas Lord of Douglas upon its summit in 1306 following the former's murder of the Red Comyn at Greyfriars kirk in Dumfries and when Bruce was making for Glasgow to meet with Bishop Wishart.
 The Imam's Army (Turkish: İmamın Ordusu) is a book by Turkish journalist Ahmet Şık on the life and work of Fethullah Gülen and his Gülen movement. Şık was detained in March 2011 before the book was published and the draft book was seized by the government and banned claiming it was an illegal organizational document of the secret organization Ergenekon. Şık was detained pending trial being eventually released pending trial in March 2012.
 Anatomy of Monotony is a poem from the second 1931 editionof Wallace Stevens's first book of poetryHarmonium. Unlike most ofthe poems in this collection it was first published in 1931 so it isrestricted by copyright until 2025 in America and similarjurisdictions because of legislation like theSonny Bono Copyright TermExtension Act.
 Thomas Collins (1732 – March 29 1789) was an American planter and politician from Smyrna in Kent County Delaware. He was an officer of the Delaware militia during the American Revolution and served in the Delaware General Assembly and as President of Delaware.
 Stępocin [stɛmˈpɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nekla within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Nekla 12 km (7 mi) west of Września and 35 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Philadelphia Premium Outlets is an 553000-square-foot (51400 m2) open-air outlet mall located in Limerick Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania 35 miles northwest of Philadelphia. It is located off an interchange of U.S. Route 422 near the Limerick Nuclear Power Plant. It is owned by the Premium Outlets division of Simon Property Group.
 The Unadilla River in New York State flows 71 miles (114 km) from south of Utica to the village of Sidney where it flows into the Susquehanna River which eventually empties into the Chesapeake Bay an arm of the Atlantic Ocean.Most of the length of the Unadilla forms the western border of Otsego County and the eastern borders of Chenango and Madison Counties. This border made up a significant portion of the Fort Stanwix Treaty Line of 1768.
 Tarcutta Creek is mostly a perennial stream beginning approximately 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) near Batlow and confluence with the Murrumbidgee River approximately 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) southeast of Oura in the Riverina area in New South Wales Australia.
 Mieliwo [mjɛˈlivɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Zbiczno 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Brodnica and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Fortress of São Mateus da Calheta (Portuguese: Forte Grande de São Mateus da Calheta) is a fort in the civil parish of São Mateus da Calheta in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo island of Terceira in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.The strong fortification is integrated into a wider system located along the southern coast consisting of six redoubts that protected the parish.
 Begovo Brdo (Serbian Cyrillic: Бегово Брдо) is a village in Kruševac Rasina district Serbia.
 Atretochoana eiselti is a species of caecilian known only from two preserved specimens until its 2011 rediscovery in Brazil. Until 1998 it was known only from the type specimen in the Naturhistorisches Museum Vienna. Originally placed in the genus Typhlonectes in 1968 it was reclassified into its own monotypic genus in 1996. It was also found to be more closely related to the genus Potomotyphlus than Typholonectes.
 Let It Break is the fourth studio album by Irish singer-songwriter Gemma Hayes. It was released in Ireland on 27 May 2011. The album was recorded in Westland Studios in Dublin Ireland Black Box Studios in Noyant La Gravoyère France and mastered at Golden Mastering in Los Angeles CA.
 Leland Chancy Croft (born August 21 1937) is a workers' compensation attorney and Democratic Party politician from the U.S. state of Alaska. Elected to the Alaska House of Representatives in 1968 he served a single term from 1969 to 1971.
 Lerodea is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Foraker Glacier is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier begins in the Alaska Range on the north side of Mount Foraker moving northwest for 15 miles (24 km). It is the source of the Foraker River.
 İnciğez is a village in the District of Amasra Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 246 people.
 The Musée de l'Orangerie is an art gallery of impressionist and post-impressionist paintings located in the west corner of the Tuileries Gardens next to the Place de la Concorde in Paris. Though most famous for being the permanent home for eight Water Lilies murals by Claude Monet the museum also contains works by Paul Cézanne Henri Matisse Amedeo Modigliani Pablo Picasso Pierre-Auguste Renoir Henri Rousseau Alfred Sisley Chaim Soutine and Maurice Utrillo among others.
 Gjerstad Church (Norwegian: Gjerstad kyrkje) is a parish church in Osterøy municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Gjerstad. The church is part of the Osterøy parish in the Arna og Åsane deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1870 by the builder Ole Vangberg.The church is the third church to stand on this site. The first church existed during the middle ages and it was a stave church.
 Eloy Songao Inos (born 1949) is a politician in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. Inos a member of the Covenant Party currently serves as Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands having previously served as Lieutenant Governor. He was nominated by Governor Benigno Fitial to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Lt. Governor Timothy Villagomez. Villagomez was convicted on federal fraud charges.Inos was confirmed by the Senate and was sworn into office on May 1 2009.
 The Best of Friends is a compilation album (9th release) by singer/songwriter duo Loggins and Messina released in late 1976.It consists of 10 of their most popular and best loved songs in what is essentially a greatest hits LP.The CD release featured the same tracks as the original 1976 LP; Angry Eyes is still the edited version and no additional tracks were added to fill the CD to the 80 minute limit.
 D.V.V.S. Varma is the incumbent Working President of the Lok Satta Party for Andhra Pradesh State. He has been actively involved in Lok Satta movement from the time of its inception. He has served in various office-bearer positions for the Lok Satta Party. He is also a reputed newspaper columnist and media analyst of political and policy affairs.
 Sunomata Castle (墨俣城 Sunomata-jō) is a Japanese castle in Ōgaki in Gifu Prefecture. It was constructed by Toyotomi Hideyoshi one of the generals of Oda Nobunaga while they were pressing the Siege of Inabayama Castle in the mid-16th century. Hideyoshi also found a secret path into the castle and they found Saitō Tatsuoki. Oda Nobunaga put him in exile as they were victorious in this war. According to legend Sunomata Castle was built overnight.
 La Plaza Mall is a regional shopping mall located in McAllen Texas at the intersection of Expressway 83 and 10th Street. It has 1215000 square feet (112900 m2) of gross leasable area.
 Suddenly (Swedish: Underbara älskade) is a Swedish film from 2006 directed by Johan Brisinger. The film was shot on the island Härmanö in Orust Municipality.
 Treasures of the Snow is a children’s story book by Patricia St. John. Originally published by CSSM in 1950 it has been reprinted over a dozen times by various publishers including braille versions published by the Royal National Institute for the Blind in 1959 and by the Queensland Braille Writing Association in 1996.
 Jerry Aroe Thomas (born May 22 1953) is a family practice physician in Franklinton Louisiana who served in both houses of the Louisiana State Legislature from 1988 to 2004. In 1979 at the age of twenty-six Thomas was elected coroner of Washington Parish the easternmost of the Florida Parishes in the southeastern portion of his state. He remained coroner from 1980 until he took his legislative seat in 1988.
 Kevyn Duane Orr (born May 11 1958) is the emergency manager of the city of Detroit Michigan. He was appointed by Governor Rick Snyder on March 14 2013.
 Mandi (Hindi: मंडी translation: Market Place) is a 1983 Hindi movie directed by Shyam Benegal. The film is a satirical comedy on politics and prostitution and stars Shabana Azmi Naseeruddin Shah and Smita Patil.
 Voices Within: The Lives of Truddi Chase is an ABC-Network miniseries based on When Rabbit Howls the autobiography of Truddi Chase a woman who after being sexually abused as a child copes by developing 90 personalities. The four-hour miniseries which was directed by Lamont Johnson stars Emmy winner Shelley Long as Truddi Chase. Tom Conti co-stars as her doctor. The miniseries aired on May 20 and 21 1990 and Chase worked closely with screenwriter E.
 Three Maxims is a 1936 British drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle Tullio Carminati and Leslie Banks. It was released in the United States under the title Show Goes On. Separate French and German language versions were filmed in Paris. A love triangle causes major disruption to the harmony of a trapeze act.
 Brianna Fruean (born 18 May 1998 in Auckland New Zealand) is a Samoan environmental activist and Year 11 student at Robert Louis Stevenson School in Apia Samoa.She is the second eldest daughter of Raymond and Pauline Fruean. The 15 year-old passionate environmental advocate has been doing community-based work for three years. In 2009 she represented Samoa at the UNEP Tunza conference in Daejeon Korea and then again in 2010 in Nagoya Japan.
 Francis Burt (January 13 1807 – October 18 1854) was an American politician from South Carolina who served as the first Governor of Nebraska Territory.
 Alappad is a coastal village in the Kollam District of the Indian state Kerala. It is situated on a narrow strip of land sandwiched between the Arabian Sea and the TS Canal - the village is approximately 16 km long and its narrowest point is as thin as 33 meters. The village is connected to the mainland by a bridge at the southern part of the land strip as well as by country boat ferries operated by the Panchayat and private parties.
 The Ulmu Mare River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Monobaatar is a genus of extinct mammal from the Lower Cretaceous of Mongolia. It was within the also extinct order Multituberculata and lived during the age of the dinosaurs. It is also within the suborder Plagiaulacida and has been tentatively referred to the family Eobaataridae though it probably is not a member.The genus Monobaatar (Kielan-Jaworowska Dashzeveg & Trofimov 1987) is known from the species Monobaatar mimicus which itself is very poorly known.
 Letter from Egypt is the fourth studio album by Norwegian singer Morten Harket released on May 19 2008. It is his first album since 1996 and second sung in the English language. The album entered the Norwegian Top 40 Album Chart at number one on week 22 (chart published May 26 2008).
 The Federal Reserve Bank Building in Little Rock Arkansas was designed in Classical Revival style by architects Thompson & Harding. It was built in 1924. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Selkirk Mountains are a mountain range spanning the northern portion of the Idaho Panhandle eastern Washington and southeastern British Columbia. They begin at Mica Peak near Coeur d'Alene Idaho and extend approximately 320 km north (200 miles) from the border to Kinbasket Lake at the now-inundated location of the onetime fur company post Boat Encampment.
 Bela Stena is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 491 people.
 The Last Temptation of Christ (or The Last Temptation) is a historical novel written by Nikos Kazantzakis first published in 1953. It was first published in English in 1960. It follows the life of Jesus Christ from his perspective.
 Al Hawiyah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Seeking a Sanctuary: Seventh-day Adventism and the American Dream is a book about the Seventh-day Adventist Church coauthored by Malcolm Bull and Keith Lockhart.
 The Tesla Boy EP is the debut EP of Russian synthpop/new wave band Tesla Boy. It was released in Russia on 16 February 2009 and in the United Kingdom on 7 September 2009.One of the songs on the EP Spirit of the Night was included as part of the soundtrack for the 2012 racing video game Forza Horizon.
 Barnet Horse Fair is an 1896 British short black-and-white silent documentary film produced by Robert W. Paul. Given the age of this film the copyright has now expired.The Barnet Horse Fair had begun in the 16th century and was originally held twice a year before becoming an annual event. Up until the 20th Century it mainly involved the sale of horses and other livestock.
 The Raton is a short mountain river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. It flows into the Cians north of Rigaud.It flows from west to east along the following communes: north side: Guillaumes Beuil south side: Auvare Puget-Rostang Rigaud
 Hovala saclavus is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in eastern Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Lewis Lake is located in the U. S. state of Wyoming in the southern part of Yellowstone National Park about 4 miles (6.4 km) southeast of Shoshone Lake and approximately 10 miles (16 km) southwest of Yellowstone Lake. Lewis Lake and Shoshone Lake are both located a few miles northeast of the Pitchstone Plateau.The Lewis River is the lake's primary inflow draining south from Shoshone Lake.
 Dactylopteryx orientalis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Dactylopteryx in the order Mantodea.
 Play Boy Blues is a manga by Shiuko Kano. It was licensed in English by Central Park Media which published the first volume under its Be Beautiful imprint on August 2 2006. In Spain Ediciones La Cúpula published the first volume in 2005.
 The Alvord I. Smith House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Italianate style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 The Salgado River (Vaza Barris River) is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Sea Racketeers is a 1937 American film directed by Hamilton MacFadden.
 La Clef du cabinet des princes de l'Europe ou recuëil historique & politique sur les matieres du tems (The key of the cabinet of the princes of Europe or A historical and political compilation on the matters of the day) was the first newspaper published in Luxembourg. Its first edition appeared on 1 July 1704.
 Siempre Hay Un Mañana is an EP a 45 LP (Single) album by Mexican iconic pop singer Yuri. It was released in 1979. Officially this is not considered an album these 2 songs were adrift so they were released as an EP. [1] Siempre hay un mañana is a cover of a Donna Summer's song. [2]
 The Fântâna Mare River is a tributary of the Vărșag River in Romania
 Rhinophis tricolorata is a species of snake in the Uropeltidae family. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
 Big River is an album by Australian country musician Troy Cassar-Daley. It was released in 1999 after working with Garth Porter who had previously helped Lee Kernaghan's rise to national fame. The name of the album was in memory of the area of his Grafton home. At the 2000 Australia Country Music Awards Troy won Best Male Vocal and Song of The Year for They Don't Make 'Em Like That Anymore.
 Temple Tower was the sixth Bulldog Drummond novel. It was published in 1929 and written by H. C. McNeile under the pen name Sapper. 
 The Love Nest is a 1923 American short comedy silent film written and directed by and starring Buster Keaton.
 Luke Anthony Donnellan (born 26 March 1966) is an Australian politician. He has been an Australian Labor Party member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly since 2002 representing Narre Warren North.Donnellan was born in Melbourne Victoria and attended Xavier College 1977–84. He received a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Melbourne in 1987 and became a commercial real estate agent.
 Yasoda Krishna (Telugu: యశోదకృష్ణ) is a 1975 Telugu film directed by C. S. Rao. Baby Sridevi acted as Bala Krishna and Ramakrisha as Lord Krishna Jamuna as Yasoda and S. V. Ranga Rao as Kamsa.
 Eubetia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 The Doge's Palace (Italian: Palazzo Ducale) is a palace built in Venetian Gothic style and one of the main landmarks of the city of Venice northern Italy. The palace was the residence of the Doge of Venice the supreme authority of the Republic of Venice opening as a museum in 1923. Today it is one of the 11 museums run by the Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia.In 2010 it was visited by 1358186 people.
 Frederick William Colcleugh (1845 – 1907) was a merchant and political figure in Manitoba. He represented St. Andrews from 1888 to 1896 in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba as a Liberal.He was born in West Flamborough Wentworth County Canada West the son of Walter Colcleugh a native of Scotland and Sarah Kirkpatrick and was educated in Dundas and Picton. Colcleugh studied law and passed the Ontario Law Society examination but then went on to apprentice as a clerk.
 The Shops at Godley Station is a shopping center located at 105 Grand Central Blvd off of Interstate 95 at exit 102 with direct access to and from Interstate 16. The center consists of 23500 sq ft (2180 m2) of retail space fronting Pooler Parkway.This complex is home to national retailer Pearl Vision (Pearle Opticians) and Select Staffing and regional tenants such as St.
 The Way It Really Is is an album by Lisa Loeb released in 2004 by Zoë/Rounder.The album title got its title from a previous song by Loeb The Way It Really Is.Although the album was not as commercially successful as its predecessors it was very well received by some critics who noted on the mature and strong writing by Loeb with Stephen Thomas Erlewine calling it the best most cohesive record she's made a clean crisp collection of well-crafted gentle tunes that slowly surely work into the subconscious.
 Namal Lake is located in Rikhi a village on one corner of the Namal valley in Mianwali Punjab Pakistan. It was formed following the construction of Namal Dam in 1913. Namal Dam is situated some 32 km from Mianwali city. The lake has a surface area of 5.5 km². There are mountains on its western and southern sides. On the other two sides are agricultural areas.
 The Lander Park Carousel (1928-1959) known also as Parker Carousel Dickinson County Parker Carousel or Riverton Park Carousel (1959-1976) is a carousel in Abilene Kansas. It is one of only three surviving carousels out of about 68 built by Abilene's Charles W. Parker Carousel Company and it is the only remains of the company in Abilene today.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987.
 Albert V. DiVirgilio (born c. 1942) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the 53rd Mayor of Lynn Massachusetts.DiVirgilio spent eighteen years as a member of the Lynn City Council before defeating mayor Antonio J. Marino in the 1985 mayoral election. Under DiVirgilio's leadership Lynn desegregated their public schools. Lynn also banned the sale of pit bulls while DiVirgilio was mayor.DiVirgilio lost reelection in 1991 to City Councilor Patrick J. McManus.
 The Raven is a stylized silent 1915 film biography of Edgar Allan Poe starring Henry B. Walthall as Poe. The film was written and directed by Charles Brabin from a novel and play by George Cochran Hazelton.
 Suhovo (Bulgarian: Сухово) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It covers an area of 2.899 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 131 people.
 The genus Liogorytes comprises a group of large solitary ground-dwelling predatory South American wasps which hunt cicadas as prey. It is related to the more common genus of cicada killers Sphecius.[citation needed]
 The Cambridge Chronicle is a weekly newspaper that serves Cambridge Massachusetts. The newspaper was founded by Andrew Reid in May 1846 and is the oldest surviving weekly newspaper in the United States. Owned by GateHouse Media it serves 18% of Cambridge's households.
 The Bazhang River also spelled Pachang River (Chinese: 八掌溪; pinyin: Bāzhǎng Xī; Wade–Giles: Pa1-chang3 Hsi1) is a river in Taiwan. It flows through Tainan City and Chiayi County for 81 km.
 Brachylomia populi is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the inland mountains of western North America from British Columbia and Alberta in south through Colorado and Utah into Arizona.The wingspan is about 30 mm.Larvae feed on leaves of cottonwood and aspen in the Populus genus and are also reported on Quercus species.
 Barrel Fever and Other Stories is a 1994 collection of short stories and essays by David Sedaris. The book is divided into two sections. The first section consists of short fiction and the second half contains autobiographical essays. The most famous of the essays is SantaLand Diaries the essay that made Sedaris famous when he read it on National Public Radio in 1992. The essay tells of his experiences working as an elf at Macy's.
 City Center Sofia is a shopping mall located in Sofia Bulgaria opened in the spring of 2006. It is situated to the south of the National Palace of Culture in the municipality of Triaditsa at the intersection of the Boulevards Cherni vrah and Arsenalski next to European Union Metro Station and diagonally opposed to the Hemus Hotel. The mall has six stories (including 2 underground) and a total built-up area of 44000 m².
 XX: Beautiful Beast (XX 美しき獣 XX: Utsukushiki kemono) is a 1995 Japanese film directed by Toshiharu Ikeda. The film stars Kaori Shimamura Takanori Kikuchi and Hakuryu.
 Second Childhood is a 1936 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 144th Our Gang short that was released.
 Scene 14 is the first full-length album by Illinois indie rock band Park. It was released in 1998 on Playing Field Recordings.
 Sukhdeo Paswan (born 5 November 1953) is an Indian politician. He is a five-term Member of Parliament from the Araria constituency of Bihar. He was last an MP in the 14th Lok Sabha of India as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. In July 2010 he joined the Lok Janshakti Party.
 Naadan Pennu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1968.
 James Knox Polk (November 2 1795 – June 15 1849) was the 11th President of the United States (1845–1849). Polk was born in Mecklenburg County North Carolina. He later lived in and represented Tennessee. A Democrat Polk served as the 17th Speaker of the House of Representatives (1835–1839) and Governor of Tennessee (1839–1841). Polk was the surprise (dark horse) candidate for president in 1844 defeating Henry Clay of the rival Whig Party by promising to invade and annex Texas.
 TOY is the 2012 eponymous debut album by London-based band TOY.The album was recorded in early 2012 by music producer Dan Carey at his South London studio. Their album artwork is by artist Leif Podhajsky
 The Bar-winged Wren-Babbler (Spelaeornis troglodytoides) is a species of bird in the Timaliidae family.There are variations among the populations and three subspecies are named. sherriffi Kinnear 1934 from eastern Bhutan and Arunachal Pradesh indiraji Ripley et al. 1991 from Arunachal Pradesh (Namdapha National Park) which is named after Indira Gandhi. souliei Oustalet 1898 - northern Arunachal Pradesh (NE India) Myanmar and S ChinaIt is found in Bhutan China India and Myanmar.
 Eternal Devastation is the second full-length album by German thrash metal band Destruction. It was released in 1986. It showed the band using more technicality in the songs while retaining the intensity of the music.
 Grok Magazine is an Australian student magazine. It is written and produced by Curtin University students and published by the Curtin Student Guild. 2009 will see 5 issues published and approximately 10000 copies distributed per issue.
 Cedar + Gold is the third studio album by Californian singer-songwriter Tristan Prettyman. It was released on October 2 2012 by Capitol Records and peaked at number 47 on the Billboard 200 albums chart. Much of the album's lyrical content was influenced by Prettyman's on-again off-again relationship with fellow singer-songwriter Jason Mraz.
 Pickin' on Modest Mouse is a bluegrass tribute album to Modest Mouse by Iron Horse; a part of the Pickin' On… series.
 Cheshmeh Bardi (Persian: چشمه بردي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Bardī) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 58 families.
 Franz Seldte (29 June 1882 – 1 April 1947) was cofounder of the German Stahlhelm paramilitary organization a Nazi politician and Minister for Labour of the German Reich from 1933 to 1945.
 Mount Foraker is a 17400-foot (5304 m) mountain in the central Alaska Range in Denali National Park 14 mi (23 km) southwest of Mount McKinley. It is the second highest peak in the Alaska Range and the third highest peak in the United States.
 Cliff Village is a village in Newton County Missouri United States. The population was 40 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Joplin Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 The Valea lui Bran River is a tributary of the Jijila River in Romania.
 Fopp is the second EP by the American rock band Soundgarden released in August 1988 through Sub Pop Records. Fopp was later combined with the band's first EP Screaming Life (1987) and released as the Screaming Life/Fopp compilation album in 1990.
 Cardita aoteana or the dog's foot cockle is a bivalve mollusc of the family Carditidae endemic to New Zealand including the Chatham Islands and southern offshore islands. It is found from low tide to depths of approximately 185 m.
 Conus rufimaculosus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Tom McEnery is an American author businessman and teacher from San Jose California who served as the 61st mayor of that city from 1983 to 1991.McEnery attended Santa Clara University graduating with a B.A. in 1967 and an M.A. in 1970. After his term in office he served on the Board of Directors of the San Jose Sharks hockey team and continued to pursue his business & writing career. He co-founded San Jose Inside a website devoted to the culture and politics of San Jose.
 Major-General Sir Laurence Anthony Wallis New Kt CB CBE (born 25 February 1932) is a former British Army officer who served as Assistant Chief of the General Staff and Assistant Chief of the Defence Staff in the mid-1980s.
 The Windawski Canal (Lithuanian: Ventos–Dubysos kanalas; Russian: Виндавский канал Vindavsky channel) is an abandoned canal connecting the Dubysa River near Bazilionai Šiauliai district to the Venta River near Tolučiai Šaukėnų Kelmė District of Lithuania.The canal was designed and built in the early 19th century as part of canal system to connect the Vistula River at the center of the Kingdom of Poland with the Baltic seaport of Ventspils.
 Congregation Achduth Vesholom is a Reform synagogue located at 5200 Old Mill Road in Fort Wayne Indiana.It is the oldest synagogue in Indiana having been formed initially as a German Orthodox congregation on October 26 1848. Originally its name was The Society for Visiting the Sick and Burying the Dead. At the outset the congregation worshiped in private homes.In 1857 the synagogue purchased a building on Harrison Street for $1200 ($30400 today) which was dedicated as a synagogue.
 Characovalva is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Hurryoff (foaled 1930 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the third leg of the 1933 U.S. Triple Crown series. He was bred and raced by Joseph Widener owner of the prestigious Elmendorf Farm in Lexington Kentucky and president of Belmont Park and Hialeah Park racetracks. Hurryoff was sired by Withers Stakes winner Haste. He was out of the mare Blue Glass who was also the dam of Unbreakable who sired Polynesian.
 Copelatus gschwendtneri is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1939.
 Knipowitschia caucasica the Caucasian dwarf goby is a species of goby native to marine fresh and brackish waters along the coasts of the Black Sea the Sea of Azov the Caspian Sea and the Aegean Sea and to the Haliacmon drainage of Greece. It inhabits shallow waters (0 to 2 metres (0.0 to 6.6 ft)) with plentiful weed growth where it can find its prey consisting of small crustaceans the larvae of chironomids and the larvae of the mussel Dreissena polymorpha.
 The Hanciu Mare River is a tributary of the Tișița Mare River in Romania.
 Robert Murray Bob Pringle is a former Canadian politician who last served as a city councillor for Ward 7 on Saskatoon City Council in Saskatoon Saskatchewan. He previously served as a New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan representing the electoral district of Saskatoon Eastview from 1988 to 1998.
 Young Samurai: The Way of the Sword is a children's historical novel by Chris Bradford published in 2009. It is the second in a series of action-adventure stories set in 17th century Japan following the exploits of an English boy Jack Fletcher as he strives to be the first gaijin samurai.The first book is titled Young Samurai: The Way of the Warrior (2008) and the third in the series is Young Samurai: The Way of the Dragon (2010).
 Providence Plantation and Farm also known as Fogg House and Farm is a historic plantation home located near Newtown King and Queen County Virginia. The main was built about 1826 and altered about 1840. It is a two-story three bay brick house with Federal style design influences.
 Diadegma chrysostictum is a wasp first described by Johann Friedrich Gmelin in 1790. Its range includes Sweden.No subspecies are listed.
 Best of King's X is a compilation album by hard rock band King's X. The songs on this compilation spanning a decade of discography were selected by fans in an online poll.
 Au hasard Balthazar (French pronunciation: ​[o a.zaʁ bal.ta.zaʁ]; meaning Balthazar At Random) also known as Balthazar is a 1966 French film directed by Robert Bresson starring Anne Wiazemsky.
 Rolua is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dylan Thomas is a 1962 short documentary film directed by Jack Howells. It won an Academy Award at the 35th Academy Awards in 1963 for Documentary Short Subject.
 The Sierra Leone Free-tailed Bat (Mops brachypterus) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is found in Cameroon Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Mozambique Nigeria Sierra Leone Tanzania Togo possibly Central African Republic possibly Republic of the Congo and possibly Democratic Republic of the Congo. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Eobalaenoptera harrisoni is an extinct species of baleen whale. The species was first described in June 2004 by researchers at the Virginia Museum of Natural History.The researchers identified the species from a partial skeleton found in 1990 in Caroline County Virginia the site of a prehistoric ocean in middle Miocene Calvert Formation rocks.
 Pulp is a British comedy film directed by Adam Hamdy and Shaun Magher starring Jay Sutherland and John Thomson On March 2013 it was released exclusively on Xbox Live becoming the first feature film to be distributed via a games console platform.
 Ulugüney Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Jean-Nicolas Nissage Saget (1810–1880) succeeded Sylvain Salnave as President of Haiti in 1869. He was the first Haitian president to serve out his term of office (1869–1874) and retire voluntarily although his retirement led to a renewal of the political turmoil between blacks and the country's mulatto elites. He died in 1880.
 Variimorda ragusai is a species of tumbling flower beetles belonging to the family Mordellidae subfamily Mordellinae.
 The Crowd Roars is a 1932 film directed by Howard Hawks starring James Cagney and featuring Joan Blondell Ann Dvorak Eric Linden Guy Kibbee and Frank McHugh. The driver in the film's auto racing sequences was Harry Hartz a successful board track and Indianapolis 500 race professional. It was remade in 1939 as Indianapolis Speedway with Pat O'Brien in Cagney's role Ann Sheridan in Blondell's role and McHugh playing the same role he played in the original.
 Dębniak [ˈdɛmbɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Ujazd 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Crispin: The Cross of Lead is a 2002 children's novel written by Avi. It was the winner of the 2003 Newbery Medal. Its sequel Crispin: At the Edge of the World was released in 2006. The final book that completes the trilogy Crispin: The End of Time was released in 2010.
 The Chilii River is a tributary of the Iapa River in Romania.
 Mordellistena celebensis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1925 by Píc.
 Gnomidolon is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Gnomidolon amaurum Martins 1967 Gnomidolon analogum Martins 1967 Gnomidolon basicoeruleum Martins 1962 Gnomidolon bellulus Martins 2006 Gnomidolon bellus Martins & Galileo 2002 Gnomidolon biarcuatum (White 1855) Gnomidolon bipartitum Gounelle 1909 Gnomidolon bonsae Martins 1967 Gnomidolon bordoni Joly 1991 Gnomidolon brethesi Bruch 1908 Gnomidolon cingillum Martins 1967 Gnomidolon colasi Martins 1967 Gnomidolon conjugatum (White 1855) Gnomidolon cruciferum (Gounelle 1909) Gnomidolon denticorne Bates 1892 Gnomidolon elegantulum Lameere 1885 Gnomidolon fraternum Martins 1971 Gnomidolon friedi Clarke 2007 Gnomidolon fuchsi Martins 1971 Gnomidolon gemuseusi Clarke 2007 Gnomidolon glabratum Martins 1962 Gnomidolon gounellei Martins 1967 Gnomidolon gracile (Gounelle 1909) Gnomidolon grantsaui Martins 1967 Gnomidolon guianense (White 1855) Gnomidolon hamatum Linsley 1935 Gnomidolon humerale Bates 1870 Gnomidolon ignicolor Napp & Martins 1985 Gnomidolon incisum Napp & Martins 1985 Gnomidolon insigne Martins 1967 Gnomidolon insulicola Bates 1885 Gnomidolon laetabile Bates 1885 Gnomidolon lansbergei (Thomson 1867) Gnomidolon longipenne Martins 1967 Gnomidolon maculicorne Gounelle 1909 Gnomidolon melanosomum Bates 1870 Gnomidolon meridanum Napp & Martins 1985 Gnomidolon musivum (Erichson 1847) Gnomidolon nanum Martins 1962 Gnomidolon nigritum Martins 1967 Gnomidolon nympha Thomson 1865 Gnomidolon oeax Thomson 1867 Gnomidolon opacicolle Napp & Martins 1985 Gnomidolon ornaticolle Martins 1960 Gnomidolon pallidicauda Gounelle 1909 Gnomidolon parallelum Clarke 2007 Gnomidolon peruvianum Martins 1960 Gnomidolon picipes Bates 1870 Gnomidolon picticorne Martins 1971 Gnomidolon pictum (Audinet-Serville 1834) Gnomidolon pilosum Martins 1962 Gnomidolon primarium Martins 1967 Gnomidolon proseni Martins 1962 Gnomidolon proximum Martins 1960 Gnomidolon pubicolle Joly 1990 Gnomidolon pulchrum Martins 1960 Gnomidolon rubricolor Bates 1870 Gnomidolon simplex (White 1855) Gnomidolon sinopium Martins 2006 Gnomidolon subfasciatum Martins 1967 Gnomidolon suturale (White 1855) Gnomidolon sylvarum (Bates 1892) Gnomidolon tomentosum Martins 1971 Gnomidolon ubirajarai Joly 1990 Gnomidolon varians Gounelle 1909 Gnomidolon wappesi Martins 2006↑
 Cameraria betulivora is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Canada and the United States (including Maine and North Carolina).The wingspan is about 7 mm.The larvae feed on Betula species including Betula alleghaniensis Betula lenta Betula lutea Betula papyrifera and Betula populifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a small sometimes almost circular blotch upon the upper side of the leaf.
 The Striated Pardalote (Pardalotus striatus) is the least colourful and most common of the four pardalote species. Other common names include Pickwick Wittachew and Chip-Chip. It is a very small short-tailed bird that is more often heard than seen foraging noisily for lerps and other small creatures in the treetops.
 Torchwood: Children of Earth: Original Television Soundtrack is a soundtrack album which was released on 7 July 2009 containing incidental music composed by Ben Foster used in the third series (Children of Earth) of the British science fiction television programme Torchwood which aired July 2009.Unlike with the Torchwood: Original Television Soundtrack the album was released simultaneously for download with the official release of 7 July 2009.
 Sun Ra and his Solar Arkestra Visits Planet Earth is a jazz album by the American musician Sun Ra and his Solar Arkestra. Recorded between late 1956 and 1958 the album was originally released on Ra's own Saturn label in 1966 and has since been reissued on CD by Evidence in 1992. In keeping with many Saturn releases one side features cuts from the arkestra c.1958 whilst the other side comes from the 1956 sessions originally intended for Sound of Joy but still unreleased in 1966.
 Ashraf Jehangir Qazi (born 1942) is a politician in Pakistan and a career diplomat in the United Nations. On 7 March 2013 Mr. Qazi is appointed Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf's (پاکستان تحريک انصاف) Spokesman on Foreign Policy. On September 4 2007 the UN's Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appointed Ashraf Qazi as his new Special Representative in Sudan.
 Webon is a village in Kalewa Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Gödrenli is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 444 people.
 Brawley Wash is an ephemeral stream tributary to the Santa Cruz River located in Pima County Arizona east of the census-designated place of Avra Valley. Its source is at 31°58′20″N 111°23′29″W where the Altar Wash and Alambre Wash have their confluence. The name was collected by the United States Geological Survey between 1976 and 1980 and entered into the Geographic Names Information System on February 8 1980.
 Lauchlin Lake is a lake of Richmond County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Stenocryptis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Heterodera is a genus of nematodes in the family Heteroderidae. Members of the genus are obligate parasites and different species attack different crops often causing great economic damage. The genus is unique among nematode genera because of the ability of the female to transform into a tough brown cyst which protects the eggs which have been formed within her body. The name heterodera refers to the different 'skins' of female and cyst.
 Shuy (Persian: شوي‎ also Romanized as Shūy Shooy and Shovī) is a village in Shuy Rural District in the Central District of Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1424 in 300 families.
 St. Margaret's Church Aspley is a parish church in the Church of England in Aspley Nottingham.
 Harlingtox A.D. is an American rock band. The line-up features bassist Dave Grohl singer Bruce Merkle guitarist Tos Nieuwenhuizen and drummer Barrett Jones. Harlingtox Angel Divine was released in December 3 1996 and re-issued on May 4 1999 through Laundry Room Records.
 Arhopalus hispaniolae is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Fisher in 1942.
 Caribeginella flormarina is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 The Thomas Hart Benton Home and Studio State Historic Site is located at 3616 Belleview Kansas City Missouri. The park was established in 1977 and preserves the house and studio of Missouri artist Thomas Hart Benton. Tours are provided that show the house and studio as he left it when he died on January 19 1975.
 Dawn of the End is the tenth album by Runemagick. It was released in 2007 on Aftermath Music.
 Rushup Edge is a ridge in the Derbyshire Peak District of England. The ridge's highest point is Lord's Seat at 546 m (1791 ft) while Mam Tor lies at its eastern end beyond which the Great Ridge runs.Lord's Seat is a round barrow.
 The Pârâul Satului is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
 Poradz [ˈpɔrat͡s] (German: Muhlendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Frans Willy Weisglas (born August 8 1946) is a retired Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He served as President of the House of Representatives from May 16 2002 until November 30 2006. He was the first elected president. He was a Member of the House of Representatives from September 16 1982 until November 30 2006.
 Biliphyta is a grouping of plants.It includes Glaucophyta and Rhodophyta.Members of this group should not be confused with Picobiliphytes which are also known as biliphytes.
 Lost in Yonkers is a 1993 film film adaptation of the Neil Simon play of the same name directed by Martha Coolidge. It stars Irene Worth Mercedes Ruehl and Richard Dreyfuss.
 The Flirt and the Bandit is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Lorimer Johnston starring R.D. Armstrong Charlotte Burton Ed Coxen George Field James Harrison and Chester Withey.
 Digama budonga is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Uganda.
 The Gligul River is a tributary of the Negrişoara River in Romania
 Château de Brieudet is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 AutoMuseum Volkswagen is an automobile museum in Wolfsburg Lower Saxony Germany. Opened in April 1985 it is one of two museums in Wolfsburg devoted to the history of the Volkswagen brand; the other is at nearby Autostadt.The museum is housed in a former clothing factory very close to the Volkswagen Werke where new Volkswagens are made. Since January 1992 it has been owned and operated by a charitable foundation Stiftung AutoMuseum Volkswagen.
 Kaalia is a 1997 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Dipti Bhatnagar Sheeba Kiran Kumar Johnny Lever Raza Murad and Mukesh Rishi
 The Ipiranga Brook is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil historically known as the place where Dom Pedro I declared the independence of Brazil from the United Kingdom of Portugal Brazil and the Algarves. Its name derives from the Tupi words: Y which means water or river and Piranga which means red. It is also mentioned in the country's national anthem.
 The Pârâul Tulbure River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 Alvania gagliniae is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Bakhytzhan Zhumagulov was Chairman of Otan and after renamed Nur Otan the largest political party in Kazakhstan. and acting chairman of Nur Otan party created by merging a number of other parties into Otan.Zhumagulov told reporters in a news conference in Astana on 25 September 2006 that Otan and Asar political parties officially merged.
 Gadis River (Indonesian: Sungai Gadis means: Virgin River) is a river in southern Sumatra Indonesia.
 Epacrocerus is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary known locally as Mass. Eye and Ear is a specialty hospital providing patient care for disorders of the eye ear nose throat head and neck. Founded in 1824 MEEI is an international leader in Ophthalmology and Otolaryngology research and a teaching partner of Harvard Medical School.Located in Boston Massachusetts Mass. Eye and Ear is a 42-bed independent specialty hospital founded in 1824.
 Murray Neil Comrie AO APM (born 10 March 1947 in Ballarat Victoria) known as Neil Comrie is a former Australian police officer. He was Chief Commissioner of Victoria Police from 1993 to 2001.
 David Rowland Francis (October 1 1850 – January 15 1927) was an American politician. He served in various positions including Mayor of Saint Louis the 27th Governor of Missouri and United States Secretary of the Interior. He was the U.S. Ambassador to Russia between 1916 and 1917 during the Russian Revolution of 1917. He was a Democrat.
 Bruce Almighty is a 2003 American religious comedy film directed by Tom Shadyac written by Steve Koren Mark O'Keefe and Steve Oedekerk and starring Jim Carrey as Bruce Nolan a down-on-his-luck TV reporter who complains to God (Morgan Freeman) that he is not doing his job correctly and is offered the chance to try being God himself for one week.
 The Knockout (1914) was Charlie Chaplin's seventeenth film for Keystone Studios. Chaplin only has a small role and Fatty Arbuckle takes up the main role (it is one of only a few films in which Chaplin's Little Tramp character appears in a secondary role; Chaplin doesn't even appear until the second half of the film). It also stars Arbuckle's wife Minta Durfee Edgar Kennedy and Keystone owner Mack Sennett in a minor role as a spectator.
 Dysgonia calefasciens is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the north-eastern parts of the Himalaya Thailand Sundaland the Philippines to Seram.
 In the Shadow of the Moon: A Challenging Journey to Tranquility is a 2007 non-fiction book by space historians Francis French and Colin Burgess.
 Insaaf Ka Tarazu is a 1980 Hindi film produced and directed by B. R. Chopra based on the 1976 drama film Lipstick. The film stars Raj Babbar Deepak Parashar Zeenat Aman Padmini Kohlapure Iftekhar Simi Garewal Shreeram Lagoo and Dharmendra in a guest appearance. The music of the film was composed by Ravindra Jain. The film was remade later in Telugu as Edi Nyayam Edi Dharmam in 1982. The film became a box office hit.
 Mabra is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Thalpomys is a genus of South American rodents in the tribe Akodontini of family Cricetidae. Two species are known both found in the cerrado tropical savanna ecoregion of central Brazil. They are as follows: Cerrado mouse (Thalpomys cerradensis) Hairy-eared cerrado mouse (Thalpomys lasiotis)↑
 The Mezărei River is a tributary of the Meziad River in Romania.
 Dyson is a lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon past the northwest limb. It is located in the northern part of the surface to the northwest of the crater Coulomb and east of van't Hoff.The most unusual aspect of this crater is the asymmetry of the inner wall. To the northeast the rim is low and the inner wall is quite narrow almost non-existent. This portion of the rim overlies the interior of an unnamed depression in the surface; most likely a damaged crater.
 Anari is a 1975 Bollywood romance film directed by Asit Sen.
 Otto J. Wolff served as Acting United States Secretary of Commerce in the administration of President Barack Obama. Wolff previously served under President George W. Bush as the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Commerce overseeing its 5.6 billion USD budget.
 Sehirus is a genus of burrowing bugs or negro bugs belonging to the family Cydnidae subfamily Sehirinae.
 Espasuiyeh (Persian: اسپاسويه‎ also Romanized as Espāsūīyeh) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Deck the Halls is a 2005 made-for-television Christmas film starring Gabrielle Carteris and Steve Bacic. The premise revolves around a newly widowed woman and her young son who move to a new neighborhood and meet a marketing specialist who turns out to be more than he initially appears.
 Shum bola (The Mischievous Boy) or Ozornik (transliteration of the title of the film in Russian) (Uzbek: Shum bola Шум бола; Russian: Озорник) is a 1977 Uzbek adventure film based on an eponymous story by Gʻafur Gʻulom. The film was directed by Damir Salimov and the screenplay was written by Shuhrat Abbosov and Aleksandr Naumov (II). Shum bola is one of the most popular Uzbek films and has gained considerable acclaim both from Uzbek and foreign film critics.
 Maple Grove Cemetery is a historic cemetery at 127-15 Kew Gardens Road in Kew Gardens Queens New York New York. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.Maple Grove is a 65 acre cemetery established in 1875 on the The Backbone of Long Island by Colonel William Sterling Cogswell and business associates. It consists of two sections; Monumental Park and Memorial Park.
 Chumchet is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 979 and had 221 houses in the village.The village of Chumchet is situated in the Tsum Valley which is completely isolated from modern developments Tsum valley saw the first set of tourists in 2007 when it was formally opened for trekking and tourism activity by Nepal government.
 The Russell Glacier is a medium-sized glacier on the north flank of Mount Rainier Washington. Named for the geologist Israel Russell it covers 1.3 square miles (3.4 km2) and contains 3.1 billion ft3 (88 million m3) of ice. Starting from its highest point at 9400 feet (2900 m) the Russell Glacier flows northeast towards the Carbon Glacier and contributes ice to the larger glacier before becoming distinct below 7000 feet (2100 m).
 Death in the City of Light: The Serial Killer of Nazi-Occupied Paris is a nonfiction true crime book by David King first published in 2011. The book covers the serial killing spree in Paris that took place while that city was occupied by the Nazis during World War II the trial of the chief suspect - Dr. Marcel Petiot and the circus that ensued.
 The Chitid River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
 The Florida Times-Union is a major daily newspaper in Jacksonville Florida USA. Widely known as the oldest newspaper in the state it began publication as the Florida Union in 1864. Its current incarnation started in 1883 when the Florida Union merged with another Jacksonville paper the Florida Daily Times and the Florida Union.
 St. Joseph Plantation is an historic plantation located on the west bank of the Mississippi River in the town of Vacherie St. James Parish Louisiana United States of America. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.St. Joseph Plantation is located at 3535 Hwy 18 Vacherie LA 70090 adjacent to Oak Alley Plantation and up-river from Laura Plantation.
 Tough Love is a novel written by Kerry Katona. It was published on 18 October 2007. It is the first in a trilogy of novels following the Crompton family.
 Yeah! Yeah! Die! Die! (Death Metal Symphony in Deep C) is the sixth studio album by Waltari that combines death metal with classical music. Originally Yeah! Yeah! Die! Die! was written as a stage show. After the show's premiere performance in 1995 at the Helsinki Music Festival it was recorded and finally released in May 1996.
 Pelasgus epiroticus is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Albania Greece and the Republic of Macedonia.
 Happy Lesson is a comedy manga written by Mutsumi Sasaki and illustrated by Shinnosuke Mori serialized in Dengeki G's Magazine from April 1999 to September 2002 featuring a high school student who is adopted by five of his teachers. It was adapted into a five-part OVA series in 2001; a thirteen-episode animated TV series in 2002; a sequel TV series called Happy Lesson Advance in 2003; and a second OVA series Happy Lesson: The Final in 2004.
 Thitarodes albipictus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by D.R. Yang in 1993 and is known from Yunnan China.
 Forstgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Ode to a Nightingale is a poem by John Keats written in May 1819 in either the garden of the Spaniards Inn Hampstead London or according to Keats' friend Charles Armitage Brown under a plum tree in the garden of Keats House also in Hampstead. According to Brown a nightingale had built its nest near his home in the spring of 1819. Inspired by the bird's song Keats composed the poem in one day.
 Fallen is a novel by bestselling author Karin Slaughter that combines characters from her Will Trent series and Grant County series. It is her eleventh full length novel. It was originally released in hardback in June 2011. Her other novels that combine the Will Trent and Grant County series are Undone and Broken.
 Henry Ernest Cooper (1857–1929) was an American lawyer who moved to the Kingdom of Hawaii and became prominent in Hawaiian politics in the 1890s. He was the first Territory of Hawaii Attorney General 1899–1900.
 Racławice Małe [rat͡swaˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Żórawina and 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 The Mashpee River is a 4.8-mile-long (7.7 km) tidal river on Cape Cod in Mashpee Massachusetts.The river arises in Mashpee and Wakeby Ponds flows south a short distance and drains into Pirate's Cove on Popponesset Bay on the Nantucket Sound. Conservation efforts began in 1915 or earlier and much of the surrounding region is now part of the Mashpee River Reservation owned and conserved by the nonprofit Trustees of Reservations.
 Buddy Holly is Alive and Well on Ganymede is a 1991 comedic science fiction novel by Bradley Denton. It won the 1992 John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel.
 Norwood Hills Country Club also known as North Hills Country Club is a country club located in or near St. Louis Missouri. Norwood Hills Country Club has a rich tradition and history dating back to the 1920s when Norwood found its beginning as North Hills Country Club. It has an excellent youth golf program and is the home course to Lutheran North High School. Norwood is very youth oriented and friendly.
 Spoilers of the Plains is a 1951 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 The Fifth Son of the Shoemaker is a book by Donald Corley illustrated by the author. It was his best known work and his only novel though according to Lin Carter it is actually a volume of short stories under the guise of a novel. The book was first published in hardcover in New York by Robert M. McBride in September 1930.
 The Energy Centre located in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 39-story 530 feet (162 m) -tall skyscraper designed by HKS Inc.. It is the fourth tallest building in both the city of New Orleans and the state of Louisiana.A four story parking garage is adjacent to the tower one block upriver. The garage is accessible from both Loyola Avenue and South Rampart Street.The building experienced minor damage during Hurricane Katrina in August 2005.
 Ceropales is a genus of kleptoparasitic spider wasps from the sub-family Ceropalinae of the family Pompilidae. They are characterised by the taking of the spider prey of other solitary wasps mainly Pompiliddae but members of the Sphecidae are also kleptoparasitised. In some languages their name translates into English as Cuckoo Spider Wasp.
 People detained by the International Criminal Court (ICC) are held in the ICC's detention centre which is located within a Dutch prison in Scheveningen The Hague. The ICC was established in 2002 as a permanent tribunal to prosecute individuals for genocide crimes against humanity war crimes and the crime of aggression. As of January 2012 it has issued public arrest warrants for 18 individuals five of whom are currently in custody of the court.
 The Valea Brebului River is a tributary of the Fiad River in Romania.
 Luigi Spaventa (5 March 1934 - 6 January 2013) was an Italian academic. He served as a cabinet minister at different Italian governments. He was a member of the Italian Parliament from 1976 to 1983.
 Ellerman is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies within the outer blanket of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin and is located to the west of the Montes Cordillera mountain range. To the northwest of Ellerman is the larger crater Gerasimovich.Probably due to its location amidst rugged surroundings the otherwise circular rim of this crater is somewhat irregular and polygonal in shape.
 Wólka Bosowska [ˈvulka bɔˈsɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Gnojno 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Busko-Zdrój and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 The W. Ben Hunt Cabin is located in Hales Corners Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Undead is a paranormal romance book series by MaryJanice Davidson about Betsy Taylor. Betsy Taylor loses her job and is killed in the same day (her thirtieth birthday) only to awake undead in a funeral home. After attempting to kill herself multiple times she realizes that she is a vampire - not only a vampire but queen of the vampires.
 The Priest's Spell Compendium is a series of three volumes of accessories for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Carole Migden (born August 14 1948) is an American politician from San Francisco California who represented the third district of the California State Senate from 2004 to 2008 and the 13th district of the California State Assembly from 1996 to 2002.Migden's former district the 3rd Senate district includes parts of San Francisco Sonoma County and Marin County.
 The Boulders also known as the Homer A. Norris House is a historic home located at Greenwood Lake in Orange County New York. It was built in 1911 and is a two story rectangular stone bungalow dwelling. It features a projecting two story gable roofed bay.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Bologna Museum of Modern Art (MAMbo or Museo d’Arte Moderna di Bologna) is a purpose-designed centre of modern and experimental art located in the centre of Bologna Italy.
 William Charles Lake (9 January 1817-8 December 1897) was Dean of Durham and Warden of its university from 1869 to 1894.
 The blue runner Caranx crysos (also known as the bluestripe jack Egyptian scad hardtail jack and hardnose) is a common species of moderately large marine fish classified in the jack family Carangidae. The blue runner is distributed across the Atlantic Ocean ranging from Brazil to Canada in the western Atlantic and from Angola to Great Britain including the Mediterranean in the east Atlantic.
 The Lost Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges near Lost Hills California and Interstate 5 in western Kern County California.They contain the Lost Hills Oil Field the largest oil field in Kern County and are located in the southwestern San Joaquin Valley.
 Up was the debut album by British jazz-fusion duo Morrissey–Mullen. Produced by Herbie Mann it was recorded in New York in 1976 and featured the Average White Band as the rhythm section together with other leading New York-based session musicians.
 A Prisoner of Birth is a mystery novel by English author Jeffrey Archer first published on 6 March 2008 by Macmillan. This book is a contemporary retelling of Dumas's The Count of Monte Cristo. The novel saw Archer return to the first place in the fiction best-seller list for the first time in a decade.
 St. Peter's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church building at 31 Throckmorton Street in Freehold Borough Monmouth County New Jersey United States.The building was constructed in 1771 and features Georgian and Gothic Revival elements. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Cowboys and Cadillacs is the debut album of country singer Jaydee Bixby who was the runner-up on the fifth season of Canadian Idol. The album was released in Canada on July 8 2008. The first single from the album Old Fashioned Girl was released on iTunes on June 17 2008.
 Bec d'Epicoune or Becca Rayette is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border. On its northern side it overlooks the Otemma Glacier. On the Swisstopo map Becca Rayette is the name of a 3432 m sub-peak on the SW spur neighboring the 3320 m Col de la Rayette rather than an alternative name for the main summit. Likewise Becca Picion is a 3389 sub-summit on the ENE ridge towards the 3233 m Col d'Epicoune.
 Anthropornis is a genus of giant penguin that lived 37-45 million years ago during the Late Eocene and the earliest part of the Oligocene. It reached 1.7 m (5 ft 7 in) in height and 90 kg (200 lb) in weight. Fossils of it have been found on Seymour Island off the coast of Antarctica and in New Zealand.
 Boeing Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Washington located in the city of Shoreline just north of Seattle. It is about 1.6 miles (2.6 km) long and empties into Puget Sound. The creek is heavily modified along its course and in many places has been diverted into culverts. The watershed of Boeing Creek is about 11.2 square miles (29 km2) in size with two main tributaries aside from the mainstem. The creek takes its name from William Boeing who built a mansion along the creek in 1913.
 The Birds of Africa is also a 5-volume handbook by George Ernest Shelley published 1896-1912.The Birds of Africa is a seven-volume ornithological handbook. Its authors/editors were C. Hilary Fry Stuart Keith and Emil Urban and each volume contained colour plates painted by Martin Woodcock. A Concise Edition is in preparation with a planned publication date of 2010.
 Rainbow Bridge is a 1972 film directed by Chuck Wein that features footage from a Jimi Hendrix concert and a short piece of conversation between Pat Hartley Wein and Hendrix. It was mainly financed by Hendrix manager Mike Jeffery hence his appearance.
 Volume 1 is the debut album from Canadian rock band The Besnard Lakes. Only a thousand copies were made for the 2003 release. The album was rereleased on a larger scale October 23 2007. The cover features the Princeton Similkameen Funeral Services home - the owner of which was charged in 2007 with fraud and offering an indignity to human remains. [1]
 Rockley Preceptory was a priory in Wiltshire England.
 The Schwa Was Here is a young adult novel by Neal Shusterman. Published by Dutton Penguin in 2004. It is about an eighth-grader's friendship with another student named Calvin Schwa who is capable of seemingly not being noticed by the people around him. The book received critical acclaim upon its release receiving a starred review from School Library Journal and a positive review from Booklist.
 Do Numbri is a 1998 Hindi-language action film directed by T L V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Sneha Suvarna Mathew Sadashiv Amrapurkar Johnny Lever and Manoj Joshi
 John Johnstone Paterson (1886–1971) was the taipan of the Jardine Matheson & Co. and member of the Executive Council and the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.Son of William Paterson the partner of the Jardine Matheson & Co. J. J. Paterson followed his father to work at the trading firm and became taipan and managing director of the Jardine Matheson & Co.
 The Archives of Virology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in virology. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and is the official journal of the Virology Division of the International Union of Microbiological Societies. It was established in 1939 as the Archiv für die gesamte Virusforschung and obtained its current title in 1975. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.111.
 The Theory of Capitalist Development is a 1942 book by Paul Sweezy who offers a statement and defense of the labor theory of value. Sweezy has been criticized for his alleged misrepresentations of Karl Marx's economic theories.
 Clark Lake is the second largest lake in Door County Wisconsin. Fish species enzootic to the lake include bluegill brook trout largemouth bass northern pike smallmouth bass and walleye. The nearest town is Jacksonport.
 Ranwediyawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 He Wrote a Book is a 1916 American silent short comedy directed by and starring William Garwood and Edward Brady. Lois Wilson also starred.
 Thinocorus is a genus of seedsnipe a South American family of small gregarious waders which have adapted to a vegetarian diet.These birds look superficially like partridges in structure and bill shape. They have short legs and long wings. Their 2-3 eggs are laid in a shallow scrape on the ground.Thinocorus contains the smaller two of the four seedsnipe species.
 The Journal of Popular Culture (JPC) is a peer-reviewed academic journal and the official publication of the Popular Culture Association. The organization holds national conference annually usually within the continental United States with the American Culture Association. There are also several regional conferences held annually.The Journal of Popular Culture publishes academic essays on all aspects of popular or mass culture.
 10 000 Hz Legend is the third studio album by French music duo Air released in France on 28 May 2001 by Virgin Records and in the United States on 29 May 2001 by Astralwerks. On this album tracks are longer and more electronic-oriented than on their previous records.
 The Story Without a Name is a 1924 silent film melodrama directed by Irvin Willat and based on a novel by Arthur Stringer. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film stars Agnes Ayres. Also known as Without Warning. This film is lost. A 1952 film noir with the title Without Warning! had a working title of The Story Without a Name but the plots of the two are quite different.
 Pottassery-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It is administered by the Tachampara gram panchayat and the Kanjirampuzha gram panchayat.
 Beat the Drum written and produced by W. David McBrayer and directed by David Hickson is an award-winning South African film starring Clive Scott and Owen Sejake.Premiering at the 2003 Mill Valley Film Festival Beat The Drum won 30 international film festival awards including the prestigious Montreal Zenith D'Or and the Monaco International Film Festival Angel Award the festival's top honor.
 Trillkebach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Biological Bulletin is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the field of biology. The journal was established in 1897 as the Zoological Bulletin by Charles Otis Whitman and William Morton Wheeler. In 1899 the title was changed to The Biological Bulletin and production was transferred to the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole Massachusetts.
 The Parapara River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally north from its watershed in the Kahurangi National Park reaching Golden Bay at the small settlement of Parapara 5 kilometres south of Collingwood.
 The Centre Commercial Al Qods (Arabic: المركز التجاري القدس‎) is a shopping mall in Algiers Algeria.
 Miyazaki Maya Daizukan (宮崎摩耶大図鑑) is a Japanese manga by Maya Miyazaki. It was adapted into an OVA in 2010.
 Warwat Khanderao is a village in Sangrampur tehsil of Buldhana district Maharashtra State India.
 Zone 39 (The Zone) is a 1996 Australian science fiction psychological drama film by director John Tatoulis. It features cast members Carolyn Bock Peter Phelps and William Zappa and runs for93 minutes.The film tells the story of a future where the environment has been ravaged leaving the world desolate. Two surviving factions the New Territories and the Federal Republics have been at war for 40 years. Finally they have agreed to peace terms thanks to the efforts of the Central Union (CU).
 Holy Trinity Church is the Anglican parish church of Rudgwick a village in the Horsham district of West Sussex England.The oldest part of the church is the font which is made from Horsham or Sussex Marble and dates from the 12th century. The tower of the present church was built in 13th century though much of the material probably came from the older church that was pulled down to make way for the current building.
 Herren der Felder is an East German film. It was released in 1953.
 Reynato Puno y Serrano (born May 17 1940) was the 22nd Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. Appointed on December 8 2006 by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo he was the 22nd person to serve as Chief Justice. Puno had initially been appointed to the Supreme Court as an Associate Justice on June 28 1993.
 Monkeyshines (1889 or 1890) an experimental film made to test the original cylinder format of the Kinetoscope is believed to be the first film shot in the United States.Monkeyshines No. 1 was shot by William K.L. Dickson and William Heise for the Edison labs. Scholars have differing opinions on whether the first was shot in June 1889 starring John Ott or sometime between November 21-27 1890 starring G. Sacco Albanese.
 Avalanche is a 1978 American disaster film directed by Corey Allen and starring Rock Hudson Robert Forster Mia Farrow and Jeanette Nolan.
 Astyanacinus is a genus of characins from South America. The currently recognized species in this genus are: Astyanacinus moorii (Boulenger 1892) Astyanacinus multidens N. E. Pearson 1924 Astyanacinus platensis Messner 1962 Astyanacinus yariguies Torres-Mejia Hernández & Senechal 2012↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1
 The Sălătruc River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The soundtrack for the 1997 film Anna Karenina directed by Bernard Rose was conformed of several Russian classical and traditional musical pieces. The music was performed by the St. Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra under the baton of Sir Georg Solti.
 20/20 is the fourth album from West Coast hip hop group Dilated Peoples. Following the mixed reviews from their 2004 album Neighborhood Watch the group was able to reclaim some of their past acclaim with 20/20 but not on the level of their first two efforts The Platform and Expansion Team.
 Piotrowice [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Strzelin and 39 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Visman (Persian: ويسمان‎ also Romanized as Vīsmān; also known as Dīsmān and Vishmān) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 50 families.
 Glyphipterix argyrosema is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It is found in eastern Australia including Tasmania.
 Joculator subula is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Laseron in 1956.
 Blidinje Lake (Bosnian: Blidinjsko jezero) located in Blidinje between Tomislavgrad and Posušje is the largest mountain lake in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is located at an elevation of 1185 metres (3888 ft) above sea level and is 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) long and 2.1 kilometres (1.3 mi) wide. Maximal depth of the lake is only 3 metres (9.8 ft) while average depth is around 0.5 metres (1.6 ft).
 Carlos Carrizosa Torres (Barcelona born March 22 1964 is one of the nine members of parliament the Catalan party Citizens-Party of the Citizenship has in the Parliament of Catalonia.He studied Law in the University of Barcelona and is a member of the Lawyer Association of Barcelona. He is currently working as a lawyer.He became a member of the Steering Committee of the party in 2011 having been a member before between 2007 and 2009.
 Neil F. Hartigan (born May 4 1938) is an Illinois Democrat who has served as Illinois Attorney General the 40th Lieutenant Governor and a justice of the Illinois Appellate Court. Hartigan also was the Democratic nominee for governor in 1990 but lost the race to Republican Jim Edgar.
 V. Subbiah (February 7 1911–1993) was an Indian communist politician from Pondicherry (now Puducherry). Subbiah was the secretary of the Communist Party of French India. He is regarded as the founder of the trade union movement in the union territory. Subbiah was one of the 97 'Tamrapatra awardees' awarded the decoration for their role in the Indian freedom struggle.
 Lago dell'Ancipa is a reservoir in the Province of Enna and the Province of Messina Sicily Italy. At an elevation of 944 m its surface area is 1.39 km².
 Turin is a village in Lewis County New York in the United States. The village is within the town of Turin and is north of the city of Rome. As of the 2010 census the village population was 232.
 All in the Game is a 2006 British one-off television drama made by Tightrope Pictures for Channel 4.It is a behind-the-scenes drama based on the power-politics of British football starring Ray Winstone.It was filmed at the Ricoh Arena home of Coventry City football Club. One scene was filmed in front of the fans on a match day against Derby county which involved star Ray Winstone kissing the pitch. Coincidentally Coventry City went on to beat Derby 6-1 on the day that scene was filmed.
 Longfellow School is a school and/or building in Madison Wisconsin. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Ritz Theatre is an active live producing non-profit theatre located in Haddon Township Camden County New Jersey United States. It is home to The Ritz Theatre Company (formerly Puttin' on the Ritz Inc.) The company produces mainstage plays and musicals children's theater runs a summer theatre arts day camp and reaches out to its community with educational and entertaining programming.
 The woodland oldfield mouse (Thomasomys hylophilus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.
 The Textron Tower formerly the Old Stone Tower is an International-style skyscraper in downtown Providence Rhode Island. It is the world headquarters of Textron.At 311 ft (95 m) it stands as the 5th-tallest building in the city and the state. Created by the same architects as the Empire State Building the Textron Tower is set back some from the building line and raised above the street on a podium.
 Chrośnica [xrɔɕˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Zbąszyń 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 65 km (40 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 544.
 St Martin's Church Waithe is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Waithe Lincolnshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in open countryside near the A16 road between Grimsby and Louth.
 The Angu River is a river in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. It is a left bank tributary of the Rio Paraiba do Sul. It is 58 km (36 mi) in length and drains an area of 346 km2 (134 sq mi).The source of the river is located in the municipality of Senador Cortesand it passes through the municipalities of Santo Antônio do Aventureiro and Além Paraíba to its mouth on the Paraiba do Sul near the city of Volta Grande.
 Zekkyō Gakkyū (絶叫学級 Screaming Lessons) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Emi Ishikawa and has been published in Shueisha's Ribon magazine starting in 2008. The format is a collection of horror-themed short stories that are presented by a ghost girl named Yomi. It has been adapted in France by Tonkam.
 Owczarnia [ɔfˈt͡ʂarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Peter Leslie Carter (born 19 November 1956) is a British diplomat who is currently British Deputy High Commissioner in Lagos Nigeria. He was Her Britannic Majesty's Ambassador to the Republic of Estonia 2007–2012.Carter was educated at The Skinners' School in Tunbridge Wells Kent and attended New College Oxford where he studied Modern Languages.
 Dubrower Berge is a hill of Brandenburg Germany.
 The James L. Coke House also called Waipuna ('springwater' in the Hawaiian language) at 3649 Nuʻuanu Pali Drive in Honolulu Hawaiʻi was built in 1934 for Judge James L. Coke who had that year been reappointed Chief Justice of the Hawaii Supreme Court by U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt. Its architecture is significant as an example of the residential work of C.W.
 The Breites Wasser is a lake in the borough of Osterholz-Scharmbeck in the German state of Lower Saxony on the terrain of the Teufelsmoor.A nature reserve of the same name lies around the lake between Worpswede and the village of Teufelsmoor.
 The Ribbon-tailed Astrapia also known as Shaw Mayer's Astrapia (Astrapia mayeri) is a species of bird of paradise.The Ribbon-tailed Astrapia is distributed and endemic to subalpine forests in western part of the central highlands of Papua New Guinea. Like many other ornamental birds of paradise the male is polygamous.
 Budzigniew [buˈd͡ʑiɡɲef] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słońsk within Sulęcin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Febbre da cavallo is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Steno and starring Gigi Proietti. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Rokszyce [rɔkˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Biała Rawska 15 km (9 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Anthidium ordinatum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Chaika - The Coffin Princess (棺姫のチャイカ Hitsugi no Chaika) is a Japanese light novel series written by Ichirō Sakaki and illustrated by Namaniku ATK. As of January 2014 eight volumes have been published by Fujimi Shobo under their Fujimi Fantasia Bunko imprint. It has been adapted into three manga series. An anime adaptation was announced on July 2013.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the new wave rock band The Cars. It was released in October 1985 on Elektra Records. Tonight She Comes a previously unreleased song was issued as a single in 1985 to support this greatest hits package. The album was a commercial success going six-times platinum.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowłódz within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Inowłódz 10 km (6 mi) east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Plakobranchacea are a taxonomic family of sea slugs marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Sacoglossa.
 Piz Avat is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located north of Sumvitg in the canton of Graubünden. It overlooks the Val Russein on its west side.
 The Treasure is a 1904 novel by the Swedish writer Selma Lagerlöf. Its original Swedish title is Herr Arnes penningar which means Sir Arne's money. It has also been published in English as Herr Arne's Hoard. Set in Bohuslän in the 16th century it tells the story of a group of Scottish mercenaries who escape from prison; they go on to murder a family to steal a treasure chest after which one of them falls in love with the family's sole survivor.
 Old First Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic church at 200 N. Fulton in Wharton Texas.It was built in 1927 and added to the National Register in 1993.
 Phtheochroa subfumida is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Central Asia Armenia the south-eastern part of European Russia and Iran.The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing in May and August.The larvae feed on Haloxylon ammodendron and Salsola arbuscula.
 Kloshe Nanitch Lookout was built in the 1920s as a look out to spot fires in the Lake Crescent area of the Olympic Peninsula Washington. The current structure is a replica of this structure providing views of Lake Crescent Mount Olympus (Washington) Lake Pleasant (Washington) and the Sol Duc Valley. It is located within the Olympic National Forest. The site has picnic tables vault toilet and garbage facilities.
 Kunisada is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 241 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 2009. Kunisada is named for the Japanese woodblock printer Utagawa Kunisada who lived from 1786 to 1864.
 Aburina is a genus of moths of the Erebidae family.
 Jeevitha Nouka (English: The Boat of Life) is a 1951 Malayalam film directed by K. Vembu and jointly produced by K. V. Koshi and Kunchako. It was the first super hit film in Malayalam cinema with a theatrical run of 284 days. Made at a budget of 5 lakhs the film did extremely well at the box office that very few films could surpass it later. It was simultaneously shot in Tamil and Telugu and was dubbed and released in Hindi.
 Shebaba is an album by Brazilian guitarist Bola Sete released in 1971 through Fantasy Records. It was his final album for Fastasy and has yet to be issued on CD.
 Seyfabad (Persian: سيف اباد‎ also Romanized as Seyfābād and Saifābād; also known as Sa‘īdābād) is a village in Ramand-e Shomali Rural District Khorramdasht District Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 878 in 249 families.
 Abdullah Mohamed Omar (26 May 1934 – 13 March 2004) better known as Dullah Omar was a South African anti-Apartheid activist lawyer and a minister in the South African cabinet from 1994 till his death.
 Laisenia Qarase (pronounced [ŋɡaˈrase]; born 4 February 1941) is a Fijian political figure. He served as the sixth Prime Minister of Fiji from 2000 to 2006. After the military quashed the coup that led to the removal of Mahendra Chaudhry Qarase joined the Interim Military Government as a financial adviser on 9 June 2000 until his appointment as Prime Minister on 4 July. He won two parliamentary elections but the military intervened and forced him to step down on 5 December 2006.
 Tortyra hoguella is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Costa Rica including Cocos Island from which is was described.The length of the forewings is 5.2-6.5 mm. It has one of the most unusual wing patterns in the Tortyra genus due to the prominent white forewing fascia.
 Grabowa [ɡraˈbɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pątnów within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Pątnów 18 km (11 mi) south of Wieluń and 98 km (61 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Fort Inge was a frontier fort in Uvalde County Texas (USA) established as Camp Leona on March 13 1849. The fort served as a base for United States Army troops assigned to protect the southern overland mail route along the San Antonio-El Paso Road from Indian raids. The camp was renamed Fort Inge in honor of Lieutenant Zebulon M. P. Inge a West Point officer killed in the Mexican–American War.
 Jelena Ana Milcactic a.k.a. Helen Merrill is a 2000 studio album by Helen Merrill.The album is a tribute to Merrill's Croatian heritage.
 Mursal Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 The Kriva Reka (Macedonian: Крива Pека meaning curved river) is a 75 km long river in northeastern Macedonia and the biggest left tributary of the Pcinja River.
 Phaneta pauperana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of central and southern Europe.The wingspan is 12–17 mm. Adults are on wing from April to May.The larvae feed on Rosa canina.
 The 6 Ultra Brothers vs. the Monster Army (ウルトラ6兄弟VS怪獣軍団 Urutora Roku Kyōdai tai Kaijū Gundan) known in Thailand as Hanuman vs. 7 Ultraman (หนุมาน พบ 7 ยอดมนุษย์ - Hanuman pob Jed Yodmanud) is a tokusatsu SF/kaiju/superhero film produced in 1974 by Tsuburaya Productions of Japan and Chaiyo Productions of Thailand. It was released theatrically in Japan on March 17 1979.
 The Big Short: Inside the Doomsday Machine is a non-fiction book by Michael Lewis about the build-up of the housing and credit bubble during the 2000s. The book was released on March 15 2010 by W. W. Norton & Company. It spent 28 weeks on the New York Times best-seller list.
 Scaphiopus is a genus of North American amphibian commonly referred to as the Southern Spadefoot Toads. They differ greatly from true toads (those of the family Bufonidae) by having eyes with vertical pupils no parotoid gland and relatively smooth skin. Their most distinctive feature is a spade-like projection on their hind feet from which their common name is derived.
 Arika Kane is the eponymous debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Arika Kane. It was released by BSE Recordings on February 23 2010.
 St. Leo's Church is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It was built in 1880-81 of brick with stone trim and combines Italianate Romanesque and Classical elements. It features a high entrance porch a turret with conical roof on the north wall a square bell tower at the northeast corner a large rose window in the main façade and a variety of decorative brickwork.
 The Malabar Trogon (Harpactes fasciatus) is a species of bird in the trogon family. It is found in the forests of Sri Lanka and peninsular India. In India it is mainly found in the Western Ghats hill forests of central India and in parts of the Eastern Ghats. They are insectivorous and although they are not migratory they may make seasonal movements in the hill regions.
 Villain is a 1971 gangster film directed by Michael Tuchner and starring Richard Burton Ian McShane T. P. McKenna and Donald Sinden.
 Leaving Springfield: The Simpsons and the Possibility of Oppositional Culture is a non-fiction compilation work analyzing the effect of the television program The Simpsons on society edited by John Alberti. The book was published in 2004 by Wayne State University Press.
 The Government of Goiás includes an executive the State Governor a Legislative Assembly and a judiciary. The State Governor is directly elected for 1-2 four year terms. The main headquarters is called Palácio das Esmeraldas. The judiciary includes the Court of Justice and other courts.
 The Izvorul Prelucii River is a tributary of the Lala River in Romania.
 The Heavenly Kid is a 1985 comedy film directed by Cary Medoway and starring Lewis Smith Jason Gedrick Jane Kaczmarek and Richard Mulligan.
 Tierberg (Schwäbische Alb) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 Emil Russell Guerra was a Republican politician and a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives. A native of Dayton Ohio and graduate of Fairview High School Guerra served in World War II and was awarded the Purple Heart for his service. Subsequently in the Dayton Police Department. He would ultimately work his way up to the rank of captain and retired from the force after over twenty five years. He also served for a time as an air scout for local news stations.
 Jesli Lapus is former Congressman of Tarlac former Secretary of Education and nephew of President Benigno Aquino III.
 The Nevada State Museum located at the Las Vegas Springs Preserve in Las Vegas Nevada is one of 6 Nevada State Museums operated by the Nevada Department of Cultural Affairs. It is also known as Nevada State Museum & Historical Society. The museum houses items from the development of Las Vegas as well as the natural history of the area.
 Mama Ji (Punjabi: ਮਾਮਾ ਜੀ) also spelled incorrectly as Mamaji is a 1964 Punjabi film directed by Roshan Bhardwaj produced by Gopal Saigal and S. P. Malhotra starring Gopal Saigal Indira Billi in lead roles.
 Epicephala acrobaphes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Stealin' Beats EP was the debut release from the British band Kid Galahad. Despite retaining the same line-up the band changed their name in 2006 and are now known as The Furze. The title track Stealin' Beats was recorded in the studio and produced by Jim Abbiss who had previously worked with artists such as UNKLE and DJ Shadow. Days and Nefarious were both recorded live in order to showcase the band's acclaimed live performances.
 Daszew [ˈdaʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Yekanabad (Persian: يكن اباد‎ also Romanized as Yekanābād; also known as Yeganābād Yegnābād and Yengābād) is a village in Alvandkuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2824 in 691 families.
 Heritage Hall is the oldest building on the campus of Valparaiso University in the U.S. state of Indiana. . Builit in 1875 by John Flint it was used as a residence hall for men. In 1878 a fire destroyed the third floor The building was purchased by Richard Aaron Heritage remodeled into a two-story school of music. and renamed Heritage Hall. .At different times throughout its history Heritage Hall underwent numerous renovations.
 Conus arangoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Moelfre Uchaf is a hill in the borough of Conwy North Wales 5 miles (8 km) south-west of Colwyn Bay and 1.5 mi (2 km) south-west of Betws-yn-Rhos. It is 396 m (1299 ft) above sea level.
 Scobee is a lunar impact crater that lies within the northeastern part of the huge walled plain Apollo just outside the inner mountain ring of that feature. Scobee is located due south of the crater Barringer itself along the edge of the outer rim. Attached to the southwestern outer rim of Scobee is the smaller Smith.This is a worn and eroded crater formation. The rim has an outward bulge along the north-northwestern side.
 Qaleh Sorkh (Persian: قلعه سرخ‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sorkh; also known as Ghal‘eh Sorkh) is a village in Ashayer Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1241 in 263 families.
 Burg Oberkapfenberg is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Skoraczewiec [skɔraˈt͡ʂɛvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Sośno 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 34 km (21 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 The Early Days is a DVD video by Iron Maiden released in 2004. It features the first part of The History of Iron Maiden series a 90 minute documentary which describes their beginnings in London's East End in 1975 through to the Piece of Mind album and tour in 1983. The second part of the series was included on disc 2 of the Live After Death DVD release in 2008.
 The Southern Vietnamese box turtle (Cuora picturata) is endemic to the southern mountainous regions of Vietnam and possibly also occurring in extreme eastern Cambodia and southern Laos. This species was initially described as a subspecies of Cuora galbinifrons but was shown to be genetically distinct. This is the same for Cuora galbinifrons bourreti which is much closer related to Cuora galbinifrons though in osteology genetics and morphology than is Cuora picturata to either one.
 Esociformes are a small order of ray-finned fish with two families the Umbridae (mudminnows) and the Esocidae (pikes). The pikes of genus Esox give the order its name. The 10 species are found as five in each family. This order is closely related to the Salmoniformes the two comprising the superorder Protacanthopterygii and are often included in their order. The esociform fishes first appeared in the mid-Cretaceous — early products of the Euteleost radiation of that time.
 The Pact was a superhero team released in two limited series by Image Comics.
 Jayam Kondaan (English: The Victor) is a 2008 Tamil action romance film directed and co-written by Kannan and produced by T. G. Thiyagarajan. It stars Vinay Rai Bhavana Balachandran and Lekha Washington in the lead roles. Vivek and Kishore also appear.The film revolves around an Information technology professional who returns to Chennai from London to set up his own business.
 Everything is a 1988 album by The Bangles.Just like its predecessor Everything also produced a Top 5 hit (In Your Room) and a No. 1 single Eternal Flame which became a chart-topper in almost every major chart around the world among its released singles.The 2008 reissue CD on the Wounded Birds label (WOU 4056) adds a bonus track: In Your Room (12 Remix).
 Engines of Creation: The Coming Era of Nanotechnology is a 1986 molecular nanotechnology book written by K. Eric Drexler with a foreword by Marvin Minsky. An updated version was released in 2007. The book has been translated into Japanese French Spanish Italian Russian and Chinese.
 Sakshatkara (Kannada: ಸಾಕ್ಷಾತ್ಕಾರ translation: Realization) is a 1971 Kannada drama film directed by Puttanna Kanagal featuring Rajkumar Jamuna and Prithviraj Kapoor.
 Those Were the Days! is a 1940 film.
 The Cathedral Church of St Andrew is a Catholic cathedral in the West End of the city of Dundee Scotland. The cathedral is the seat of the Bishop of Dunkeld and mother church of the Diocese of Dunkeld within the Province of St Andrews and Edinburgh. The bishop since 9 January 2014 is Stephen Robson.
 Peak is a children's novel by Roland Smith concerning the physical and emotional challenges that face a fourteen-year-old boy as he climbs Mount Everest. It was first published in 2007. Peak won the 2007 National Outdoor Book Award (Children's Category).
 Greatest Hits Live is a live album by War. It was recorded in 2008 and finally their first release in 14 years. Lonnie Jordan was the only original member of the band playing on this album. On the same day it was released as a Blu-ray Disc.
 Kokapet is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Rajendranagar mandal.The Outer Ring Road passes through the village. It is three kilometres away from Gandipet and close to Rajiv Gandhi International Airport; it is almost an extension of Financial District and in the vicinity of the IT hub.In a government auction in 2006 a five acre land was bought for 14.45 crores per acre.
 Walter Eli Clark (January 7 1869 – February 4 1950) was an American journalist and newspaper publisher. In addition to his journalistic activities he served as the last Governor of the District of Alaska from 1909 to 1912 and the first Governor of Alaska Territory from 1912 to 1913.
 The Scratchgravel Hills el. 5233 feet (1595 m) are a small summit of hills northwest of Helena in Lewis and Clark County Montana. The area has seen increased development and a drop in water level in recent years. The Scratchgravel Hills have alluvial deposits on top of faulted granitic bedrock. There was extensive mining in the area in late 1800s through the 1930s. The northern part of the region has folding shale sandstone and limestone from the Algonkian (Belt) age.
 Chances is a 1931 Pre-code war drama directed by Allan Dwan and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr.. It is based on a novel by A. Hamilton Gibbs.Preserved at Library of Congress.
 Dave Yaccarino is a Republican member of the Connecticut House of Representatives. He was first elected to the legislature in 2010 and currently represents the 87th district. Yaccarino lives in North Haven Connecticut. Since 1991 he has owned DJ's Sports Collectible and Comics in North Haven.
 The International Journal of American Linguistics (IJAL) is an academic journal published by the University of Chicago devoted to the study of the indigenous languages of the Americas. It was established in 1917 by anthropologist Franz Boas. IJAL focuses on the investigation of linguistic data and the presentation of grammatical fragments and other documents relevant to Amerindian languages.
 Temognatha alternata commonly oknown as the variable jewel beetle is a beetle of the family Buprestidae is native to southwestern Australia.
 The High King (1968) is a high fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander the fifth and last of The Chronicles of Prydain. It was awarded the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1969.The series follows the adventures of Taran the Assistant Pig-Keeper as he nears manhood while helping to resist the forces of Arawn Death-Lord. In the concluding volume Taran and companions join the rest of Prydain in a great effort to defeat Arawn directly.
 James Machir (died June 25 1827) was a United States Representative from Virginia. Machir was member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 1793 to 1796. He was elected as a Federalist to the Fifth Congress having won 45.44% of the vote and defeating fellow Federalist Thomas Wilson and Democratic-Republicans John Mitchell and George Jackson and served from March 4 1797 to March 3 1799.
 Garth School is an historic school building located on South Broadway Street in Georgetown Kentucky United States. Built in 1925 as a high school the building currently houses Garth Elementary School. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 16 1988.
 Manj-e Baraftab (Persian: منج برافتاب‎ also Romanized as Manj-e Barāftāb Monj-e Barāftāb and Monj-e Barr Āftāb) is a village in Manj Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 495 in 96 families.
 Long Life Happiness and Prosperity is a 2002 Canadian film directed by Mina Shum starring Sandra Oh.
 Sadbhavana Times is an Indian English-language newspaper published in Bangalore once every week. News related to Bangalore city Karnataka national and international news is covered in the newspaper. Its executive editor is Mr. Jameel Aahmed.
 Polite is a semi-regular general interest and humor magazine published in the United States. Its tagline is Generally interesting.
 Paul Parish Church is a parish church in the Church of England located in Paul Cornwall UK.
 Crassispira pulchrepunctata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 It Hurts to Be in Love and Eleven More Hits Songs is American singer Gene Pitney's ninth album released on the Musicor label in the United States in 1964. The album was released as I'm Gonna Be Strong on the Stateside label in the United Kingdom. The album marked a turning point in Pitney's career with his popularity waning in his home country while rising in Britain. The title track It Hurts to Be in Love and I'm Gonna Be Strong were Pitney's last top 10 hits in the United States.
 Chris Brase is a Democratic politician representing the 46th District in the Iowa Senate since 2013. Brase serves on the Agriculture Labor and Business Relations Local Government Natural Resources and Environment and Transportation Committees.Before running for public office Brase was a firefighter and paramedic for 21 years. Brase served as president and vice-president of the Muscatine Association of Firefighters Local 68.
 Quentin Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds: Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to Quentin Tarantino's motion picture Inglourious Basterds. It was originally released on August 18 2009. The soundtrack uses a variety of music genres including spaghetti western soundtrack excerpts R&B and a David Bowie song from the 1982 remake of Cat People. This is the first soundtrack for a Quentin Tarantino film not to feature dialogue excerpts.
 Matt's Bar is a restaurant in South Minneapolis Minnesota. It is known as one of two businesses that created the Jucy Lucy.This bar was opened in 1954. In 1998 Scott Nelson purchased the bar from the original owner Matt Bristol.In a 1998 City Pages article Cheryl Bristol the daughter of bar founder and namesake Matt Bristol told of how one day in 1954 a customer asked a cook to put two hamburger patties together and seal up some cheese in the middle.
 Shirley Bassey is a 1961 album by Shirley Bassey her fifth studio album and her third with EMI/Columbia. Bassey was accompanied by Geoff Love and his orchestra and The Williams Singers (The Rita Williams Singers). The album spent eleven weeks on the charts beginning in February 1962 and peaking at #14.This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on CD in 1997 by EMI.
 Avel Louise Gordly (born February 13 1947) is an activist community organizer and former politician in the U.S. state of Oregon who in 1996 became the first African-American woman to be elected to the Oregon State Senate. She served in the Senate from 1997 to 2009. Previously she served for five years in the Oregon House of Representatives.
 The Patsy is a 1964 American film directed by and starring Jerry Lewis. It was released on August 12 1964 by Paramount Pictures.
 Edward Alfred Ted Evans AC is a retired Australian senior public servant.
 The Waseca County Courthouse located at 307 North State Street in the city of Waseca Waseca County in the U.S. state of Minnesota is a two-story Kasota limestone and buff-colored brick building with a large bell- and clock-tower. It was designed by Minneapolis architects Orff and Joralemon and constructed by J. D. Carroll of St. Paul Park for $55833. The Richardson Romanesque building features polished granite columns supporting triple arches at the entrance.
 Protosuchidae was a family of crocodylmorph reptiles from the Late Triassic Jurassic and Cretaceous time periods.
 The Saker Falcon (Falco cherrug) is a very large falcon. This species breeds from eastern Europe eastwards across Asia to Manchuria. It is mainly migratory except in the southernmost parts of its range wintering in Ethiopia the Arabian peninsula northern Pakistan and western China.
 Sylvia Mary Mathews Burwell (born June 1965) is the Director of the White House Office of Management and Budget. She has served in that position since April 2013. Prior to that she was president of the Walmart Foundation having assumed that post in January 2012 and was previously the president of the Global Development Program of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
 Baba Kalan (Persian: باباكلان‎ also Romanized as Bābā Kalān and Bābā-ye Kalān; also known as Bābā Kalū Bāba Keln Bāba Kelu Chashmeh-ye Bābā Kālān Cheshmeh-ye Bābā Kalān and Cheshmey-ye Bābā Kalān) is a village in Bibi Hakimeh Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1431 in 320 families.
 The American Gun Mystery (also published as Death at the Rodeo) is a novel that was written in 1933 by Ellery Queen. It is the sixth of the Ellery Queen mysteries.
 Sōten Kōro (蒼天航路) is a Japanese manga by manga artist King Gonta (王欣太) adapted from an original story by Hagin Yi (李學仁). It was serialized by Kodansha in the manga anthology magazine Weekly Morning from 1994 to 2005. After Hagin Yi died of cancer in September 1998 King Gonta picked up the story himself. A total of 409 chapters were published and compiled into 36 separate books.
 Antiplanes antigone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Mark Odom Hatfield (July 12 1922 – August 7 2011) was an American politician and educator from the state of Oregon. A Republican he served for 30 years as a United States Senator from Oregon and also as chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee. A native Oregonian he served in the United States Navy in the Pacific Theater during World War II after graduating from Willamette University.
 Darżewo [darˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Lębork and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 262.
 Monostola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Occupation: Rock Star is the second release by Boston hard rock band Halfcocked it was released by Curve of the Earth in April 2000. The album won a Boston Music Award (BMA) for Outstanding Debut Album (Indie Label).
 Nanda Kot (Hindi-नन्दा कोट) is a mountain peak of the Himalaya range located in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state in India. It lies in the Kumaon Himalaya just outside of the ring of peaks enclosing the Nanda Devi Sanctuary 15 kilometres (9 mi) southeast of Nanda Devi itself.
 Ljubav (trans. Love) is the debut studio album by the Serbian hard rock/heavy metal band Trigger released in 2007. Ljubav is a concept album featuring lyrics dealing with dark sides of love.
 Kirtland Hills is a village in Lake County Ohio United States. The population was 646 at the 2010 census.
 Darkness My Old Friend is a novel by bestselling author Lisa Unger. It is the second book set in the The Hollows and features Jones Cooper.
 JoAnn Ward (born July 4 1946) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) she represents District 53A in the east-central Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 Wuthering Heights is a 1998 British television film directed by David Skynner and produced by Jo Wright. It is based on the novel Wuthering Heights by Emily Brontë. The novel was adapted for the screen by Neil McKay. The film was released on October 18 1998 in the United States.The film's tagline is Two hearts that beat as one.
 A Pail of Air is a science fiction short story by Fritz Leiber which appeared in the December 1951 issue of Galaxy Magazine and was dramatized on the radio show X Minus One in March 1956.
 Długa [ˈdwuɡa] (German: Langendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sępopol 16 km (10 mi) east of Bartoszyce and 67 km (42 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Until 2004 the Fred C. Nelles Youth Correctional Facility was in essence a prison for youth located on Whittier Boulevard in Whittier California. Operated by the California Youth Authority now part of California Department of Corrections it once quartered young people who had gotten in trouble with the law until it was closed by the state of CA in June 2004.
 Tokachi River (十勝川 Tokachi-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan.
 Raiamas kheeli is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Raiamas.
 The White Peacock (German: Der weisse Pfau) is a 1920 German silent drama film directed by Ewald André Dupont and starring Guido Herzfeld Hans Mierendorff and Karl Platen. An upper-class theatregoer falls in love with a gypsy dancer at a music hall in the East End of London a frequent scenario of Dupont's films at the time.
 For El Gato Negro see El Gato Negro (disambiguation)Gato Negro (Black Cat in Spanish) is 7 Year Bitch's final album and their only full-length to appear on a major label (Atlantic Records).The record spawned three singles: The History Of My Future 24900 Miles Per Hour and Miss Understood as well as a video for 24900 Miles Per Hour.Although the band had a bigger fan base than ever Gato Negro failed to generate the sales Atlantic Records had hoped eventually leading to their dismissal from the label.
 Thaxter's Pinion (Lithophane thaxteri) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America. See the subspecies section for more details.The wingspan is about 36 mm.The larvae mainly feed on Myrica gale.
 Naiacus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Poquita Ropa (English: Few Clothes) is the twelfth studio album by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona. It was released on August 24 2010 through Warner Music. It was recorded in Mexico City New York and Los Angeles and was produced by Lee Levin and Dan Warner under their production name Los Gringo with additional works from Matt Rollings and Brian Lang.Markedly different in style from his previous albums Poquita Ropa was produced using as few musical instruments as possible.
 Stawy [ˈstavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pogorzela within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Sông Xoài is a commune (xã) and village in Tân Thành District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam.
 John George Hess (November 3 1838 – February 27 1915) was an Ontario businessman and political figure. He represented Perth North in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Conservative from 1883 to 1890.He was born in Beerfelden Germany in 1838 the son of Jacob Hess and Anne Marie Seip and came to Canada West with his family in 1858 settling in Berlin (later Kitchener Ontario). He married Elizabeth Hueffner in 1860. Hess manufactured furniture.
 RBG: Revolutionary but Gangsta is the second studio album by hip-hop duo dead prez. It was released March 30 2004 on Sony Records.RBG represents the traditional African colors of the UNIA[citation needed] red black and green which are featured on the album cover.On RBG: Revolutionary but Gangsta Dead Prez talks about ending poverty and depression and of pimping the system as a means to this end and to the cause of liberation.
 Let's Have a Riot (Italian: Contestazione generale) is a 1970 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Vittorio Gassman.
 Lake Lacha (Russian: Ла́ча Ла́че) is a freshwater lake located in the south of Kargopolsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) south of the town of Kargopol. It is the largest lake in Arkhangelsk Oblast with a surface area of 334 square kilometres (129 sq mi) and a basin area of 12600 square kilometres (4900 sq mi).
 Live at Wave-Gotik-Treffen 2004 is a Klinik album with their classic line up with Dirk Ivens on vocals and Marc Verhaeghen on electronics.
 Kurisumuttom is in one of the beautiful province Pathanamthitta in Kerala India. It is in between Thiruvalla and Ranny. It is a beautiful place blessed with hills valleys streams etc.
 PlayStation Magazine Ufficiale also known by the acronym PSMU initially named as Ufficiale PlayStation Magazine and after as PlayStation 2 Magazine Ufficiale is the Italian edition of PlayStation: The Official Magazine video game magazine specializing in all Sony video game consoles and handheld gaming platforms. The magazine features previews reviews and cheat codes for Sony games.
 The Indian Cupid (Chilades parrhasius) is a small butterfly that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family. It is found from Sri Lanka and India to southern Iran central and eastern Saudi Arabia the United Arab Emirates Yemen and Oman.
 Bahramabad (Persian: بهرام اباد‎ also Romanized as Bahrāmābād) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 21 families.
 Chingiz Sultanov Ildyrym oglu (Azerbaijani: Çingiz Sultanov İldırım oğlu) (1890–1937) better known as Chingiz Ildyrym was a Bolshevik revolutionary innovator and the first People's Commissar for Military and Naval Affairs of Azerbaijan after the Sovietization of Azerbaijan.
 Bill Dix is a Republican politician and farmer from Shell Rock Iowa. He is the Minority Leader of the Iowa Senate and serves Senate District 22. He served 10 years as a representative in the Iowa legislature representing Iowa House District 17 before deciding in 2006 to run for the U.S. House of Representatives in the Iowa's 1st district to replace seven-term Congressman Jim Nussle who unsuccessfully ran for Governor of Iowa.
 Elachista argentifasciella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Italy Switzerland and Austria.
 Janine P. Geske (born May 12 1949) was a justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court from 1993 to 1998. She is a distinguished professor of law at Marquette University Law School and director of the school's Restorative Justice Initiative. She served as interim dean of the law school from 2002 to 2003.Geske was born in Port Washington Wisconsin and raised in Cedarburg. She graduated from Cedarburg High School in 1967.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Karian Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 53 families.
 The Shade Bush Warbler (Horornis parens) is a species of bird in the Cettiidae family.It is found only in Solomon Islands where it is endemic to the island of Makira (formerly San Cristobal Island).Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forests and tropical moist montane forest above 600m. It feeds on insects in the undergrowth and on the ground.
 Noble Justice: The Lost Songs is a digital album by rapper Young Noble released on March 23 2010.
 Aard el Borj is a mountain of southern Lebanon. It has an elevation of 671 metres.
 Star Ocean: The Second Story (スターオーシャン セカンドストーリー Sutā Ōshan Sekando Sutōrī) is a seven volume manga series written and illustrated by Mayumi Azuma. Based on the tri-Ace role-playing video game Star Ocean: The Second Story it follows the exploits of Claude C. Kenny a young ensign in the Earth Federation who finds himself stranded on the Planet Expel.
 The Wanderers is a 1979 drama film about gangs and the greaser subculture based on the novel The Wanderers by Richard Price. It marks the sixth feature film directed by American Philip Kaufman.
 Fakhrabad (Persian: فخراباد‎ also Romanized as Fakhrābād) is a village in Baharestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ab Beli Zilayi (Persian: اب بلي زيلائي‎ also Romanized as Āb Belī Zīlāyī) is a village in Margown Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 17 families.
 Turnagain Pass (el. 900 feet (274 m)) is a mountain pass just south of the municipal limits of Anchorage Alaska. It is located in the northeastern part of Kenai Peninsula Borough. The pass marks the highest point on the Seward Highway at approximately milepost 70. Traveling north the Seward Highway descends into the Anchorage bowl and begins to round the Turnagain Arm.The pass is a popular winter recreation area for skiers snowshoers and snowmobilers.
 Teresa Ann Tanzi (born November 3 1971) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing District 34 since January 2011.
 Huijian Xinmo is a wuxia novel by Liang Yusheng. It was first serialised between 23 May 1966 and 14 March 1968 in the Hong Kong newspaper Ta Kung Pao. The novel is the final part of a trilogy and is preceded by Datang Youxia Zhuan and Longfeng Baochai Yuan. The title of the novel comes from a Buddhist saying Hui Hui Jian Zhan Xin Mo (揮慧劍，斬心魔) which means brandish the sword of wisdom and slay the demon in one's heart.
 Pasáček z doliny (English: The Little Shepherd Boy from the Valley) is a 1983 Czechoslovak film. The film starred Josef Kemr.
 The Half Moon Bay Review has been serving the San Mateo County Coastside since 1898. It is published each Wednesday morning and circulated by carrier mail counter and rack sales to homes and businesses on the Coastside.Each week 7500 paid copies of the Half Moon Bay Review are distributed to homes from Montara to Pescadero.
 Thibedeau Mountain is a mountain in Gates of the Arctic National Preserve Alaska United States. It has an elevation of 2298 metres and is named for the bush pilot Julius Thibedeau.
 Petticoat Camp is a 1912 American silent short comedy film starring William Garwood and Florence La Badie.
 Index Magazine was a prominent New York City based publication with in-depth interviews with prominent figures in art and culture. It was created by Peter Halley and Bob Nickas in 1996 running until late 2005.
 The ruby tetra Axelrodia riesei is a species of freshwater fish in the family Characidae.It is found in the Río Meta Colombia South America. In nature it has a natural red colour but this is somewhat lessened in captivity. Ruby tetras grow up to 4 cm (1.6 in) long.
 Playing to Win is the eighth studio album by Little River Band released on One Way Records. This album is the second studio album with John Farnham as lead vocalist and the first to be recorded by the band in the United States. Both Farnham (2003) and Little River Band (2004) are ARIA Hall of Fame inductees. The album peaked at No.
 Pamaladinni is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gokak taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Honeybaby Honeybaby is a 1974 film directed by Michael Schultz. It was also known as Diana Sands final film and was released posthumously.
 João da Mata is a 1923 Brazilian silent political drama film directed by Amilar Alves. The film premiered in Rio de Janeiro on October 9 1923
 ¡Vuelven los García! (The Return of the García!) is a 1947 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Euaspa is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 The Blue Duke Bassarona durga is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in the Himalayas.
 The Vive O 2004! is an album with various artists released on June 14 2004 as the official music album for UEFA Euro 2004 in Portugal.
 Tuudi (German: Tuttomäggi) is a village in Lihula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 The Edwin S. George Building built in 1908 is located at 4612 Woodward Avenue in Midtown Detroit Michigan at the corner of Woodward and Garfield. In 1914 the name was changed to the Garfield Building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Mati Balidan Ki is a 1986 film based on partiot.star cast Sandhu Raj and Rama Vij.Produced & directed by Shiv Kumar.Music by Ravindra Jain.
 Aznab-e Sofla (Persian: ازناب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Aznāb-e Soflá) is a village in Kanduleh Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 17 families.
 Hari Singh Zira is an Indian politician and belongs to the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal. He is a member of Punjab Legislative Assembly and represent Zira.
 Radyczyny [radɨˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Przykona 15 km (9 mi) east of Turek and 130 km (81 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 94.
 Guzów-Osada [ˈɡuzuf ɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Neko Rahmen (猫ラーメン Neko Rāmen) also known as Neko Ramen is a Japanese four-panel comic strip manga created by Kenji Sonishi. The comedy centers around a cat (Taishō) and his encounters while running a ramen shop.The yonkoma series has been adapted into a TV flash anime produced by Think Corporation with 26 episodes to date.
 unsere zeit (or UZ) is a weekly newspaper published by the German Communist Party or DKP. Established in 1969 the paper's full name is unsere zeit: Sozialistische Wochenzeitung. This translates to our time: Socialist Weekly Newspaper.The weekly paper co-operates with the small German newspaper junge Welt.
 Wichów [ˈvixuf] (formerly German Weichau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Brzeźnica 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Żagań and 24 km (15 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 510.
 The Bârzetea River is a tributary of the Budac River in Romania.
 The Creanga Mică is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 The Anthony Lane House is a historic house at 250 Seven Bridge Road in Lancaster Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house is five bays wide and two deep with a front-facing gable roof.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Hawayein (Punjabi: ਹਵਾਏਂ) (Hindi: हवायें) is a 2003 Bollywood film directed by Ammtoje Mann. The movie stars Babbu Mann Ammtoje Mann and Sunny Mann. The film's tagline is Some winds don’t blow… Yet take away everything. The film set against the backdrop to the anti-Sikh riots of 1984 is banned in the Indian states of Delhi and Punjab.
 The Defenestration of St. Martin is the 2012 debut album by former Gene lead singer Martin Rossiter.
 The Țibău River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Contrafort is a magazine based in Chişinău Moldova. It was launched in October 1994. Contrafort promotes a modern critical spirit while focusing on the contemporary literature and culture of the Republic of Moldova.
 The Valley of Hell is a 1927 Western film directed by Clifford Smith. Only 2 reels survive of this film at George Eastman House.
 Afolabi Olabimtan (June 11 1932 - August 27 2003) was a Nigerian politician writer and academic. He was born in Ogun State and was later the senator for Ogun West from 1999 to 2003. He died in a motor accident in August 2003.Olabimtan achieved a PhD at the University of Lagos in African Languages. He became an expert in the Yoruba language and wrote a number of novels in the tongue such as Kekere Ekun in 1967 and Ayanmo in 1973.
 Sabari (Tamil: சபரி) is a Kollywood film directed by A. R. Suresh. It stars Vijayakanth in the lead role and Malavika Jyorthirmayi Pradeep Rawat & more in supporting roles. Shooting for the film was done at various locations in India including Chennai Pondicherry and Remeshwarm. Songs for the film were shot at Hong Kong. The film released on March 17 2007. The movie was a flop.
 The Yellow The Purple & The Nancy is a 1982 album by Sister Nancy Purpleman Yellowman and Fathead. The musicians were the Hi-Times Band.
 Zurück zum Glück (Wordplay: Back to happiness/Fortunately back) is the tenth studio album by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen. The cover is designed by Dirk Rudolph.
 David Nason Frizzell is a Republican member of the Indiana House of Representatives representing the 93rd District since 1992 which includes parts of Marion and Johnson Counties. Rep. Frizzell is currently the Majority Whip for the Indiana House of Representatives.In 2012 he became the Chairman of the American Legislative Exchange Council a rightwing lobbying network ALEC an organization known for proposing model legislation to politicians.
 Diaa al-Din Dawoud (name also spelled Diya el-Din Dawud or Diaaeddin Dawoud; 26 March 1926 – 6 April 2011) was an Egyptian politician and activist. He is the founder of the Arab Democratic Nasserist Party serving as its secretary-general between 1992 and November 2010.
 Tales from the Perilous Realm is a compilation of some of the lesser-known writings of J. R. R. Tolkien published in 1997 by HarperCollins without illustrations. An enlarged edition was released in 2008 with illustrations by Alan Lee.
 Jaggubhai is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language Action thriller written and directed by K. S. Ravikumar who with collaborates with the lead actor Sarath Kumar for their ninth film. Also starring Shriya Saran debutant Srisha and veteran comedian Goundamani; the film is produced by Sarath Kumar's wife Radhika and Punit Goenka. The film features music composed by Rafee whilst cinematography is handled by R. D.
 Pierre Evariste Jean-Baptiste Bossier (March 22 1797 – April 24 1844) was a soldier planter and politician born in Natchitoches Louisiana. He is the namesake of Bossier Parish (pronounced BO zhure) which includes the parish seat of Benton and the larger Bossier City located east of the Red River across from Shreveport in northwestern Louisiana.
 Science Fiction is an album by the American jazz saxophonist and composer Ornette Coleman recorded in 1971 and released on the Columbia label.
 Goodwin Hon Liu (Chinese: 劉弘威; pinyin: Liú Hóngwēi; born October 19 1970) is an American lawyer educator and an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of California. Prior to his appointment by California Governor Jerry Brown Liu was Associate Dean and Professor of Law at the University of California Berkeley School of Law (Boalt Hall).
 Jeffrey M. Lacker (born September 27 1955) is an American economist and president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond since 2004.
 Love Me in Black is an EP by German hard rock singer Doro Pesch released in Germany in 1998 by the WEA label. It was the first release by Doro with her new label after her split with Vertigo and preceded of a few weeks the eponymous album.
 Xeniaria truncata is a species of earwigs in the genus Xeniaria family Arixeniidae the suborder Arixeniina and the order Dermaptera. It is one of three genera in the genus Xeniaria.
 Sir Louis Henry Davies PC KCMG QC (May 4 1845 – May 1 1924) was a Prince Edward Island (PEI) lawyer businessman and politician and judge. In a public career spanning six decades he served as the third Premier of Prince Edward Island a federal Member of Parliament and Cabinet minister and as both a Puisne Justice and the sixth Chief Justice of Canada.
 In My Mind 1997–2007 the Best of Bertine Zetlitz is greatest hits compilation by Norwegian singer-songwriter Bertine Zetlitz and was released on December 3 2007. It comprises one CD of singles and two new songs and a second CD of remixes.
 The Original is the debut album of rapper Sarai. Released in 2003 via Sweat/Epic Records. The first single released to radio was Pack Ya Bags in 2002. The official single Ladies was released in 2003. The album entered the Billboard 200 chart at No. 187.
 The White-winged Cuckooshrike (Coracina ostenta) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Maple Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island in British Columbia Canada. The mountain is located on the northern side of Maple Bay in North Cowichan just NE of the city of Duncan.
 Small Town Dead is a 2010 studio album by hard rock group Bleeker Ridge.
 Sorry (ごめん) aka Gomen is a 2002 Japanese film by director Shin Togashi. It is a coming of age drama about the confusion of first love set in Kyoto and Osaka Japan. It was the debut feature for many of the child actors including the leads Masahiro Hisano (Sei) and Yukika Sakuratani (Nao) and the second film by director Togashi.
 Kulcharam or Kulsaram is a village and tehsil in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh India.It is bounded by Tekmal Papannapet Medak Yeldurthy Kaudipalli and Andole mandals.
 The West Branch Tenmile River is a 5.0-mile-long (8.0 km) tributary of the Tenmile River in western Maine. It is part of the Saco River watershed flowing to the Atlantic Ocean.The West Branch rises near the northern boundary of the town of Porter and flows east entering the town of Hiram just before its mouth at the Tenmile River.
 The Brazilian Spiny Tree Rat (Makalata didelphoides) is a species of rodent in the Echimyidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela where it lives in lowland tropical rainforest. There is also a population in Ecuador which is referable either to this species or to Makalata macrurus. It is nocturnal and eats seeds.
 Garry C. Piiparinen is an American politician and a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing District 49 since January 8 2013.
 Skinny is the debut novel by Hungarian-Canadian author Ibi Kaslik first published by HarperCollins in May 2004. It appeared on the New York Times best sellers list for two consecutive weeks in 2008.
 Kupljensko is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D216 highway.
 Michael Mike John Treloar Rowse (Chinese: 盧維思) ((1948-12-21)21 December 1948) is a Hong Kong public figure. A naturalised citizen of the People's Republic of China Rowse was the Director-General of InvestHK a department of the Hong Kong Government.Rowse is one of the few foreign-born civil servants in the post-handover Hong Kong Government.
 Henry Fleming Lea Devereux 14th Viscount Hereford PC (9 February 1777 – 31 May 1843) was a British Tory politician. He served as Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms between 1827 and 1830 and again between 1834 and 1835.
 Daughters Daughters (Hebrew: Abu el Banat‎) is a 1973 Israeli film directed by Moshé Mizrahi. It was entered into the 1974 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Languages of Africa is a 1963 book of essays by Joseph Greenberg in which he sets forth a genetic classification of African languages that with some changes continues to be the most commonly used one today. It is an expanded and extensively revised version of his 1955 work Studies in African Linguistic Classification which was itself a compilation of eight articles which Greenberg had published in the Southwestern Journal of Anthropology between 1949 and 1954.
 Aparallactus modestus or the western forest centipede-eater is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family
 Zabrega is a village situated in Malo Crniće municipality in Serbia.
 Lago di Chiusi is a lake in the Province of Siena Tuscany Italy. At an elevation of 251 m its surface area is 3.87 km².
 Jonathan C. Jordan (born May 26 1968) is a North Carolina politician elected to the 93rd district of the North Carolina House of Representatives. Jordan is also the Deputy Majority Whip of the North Carolina House of Representatives. He was elected to office in the 2010 election defeating Cullie Tarleton by fewer than 800 votes. He was reelected in 2012. He and his wife Tracie McMillan reside in Ashe County North Carolina and have two children Lily Grace and Landon.
 Andrew Murray Burnham (born 7 January 1970) is a British Labour Party politician and the Member of Parliament for Leigh since 2001. He is Shadow Secretary of State for Health.Burnham continuously held various Cabinet posts under the Premiership of Gordon Brown between 2007 to 2010 first as Chief Secretary to the Treasury then Secretary of State for Culture Media and Sport and Secretary of State for Health.
 St Mary's Church Bunny is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Bunny Nottinghamshire.
 Last Orders is a 2001 British/German drama film written and directed by Fred Schepisi. The screenplay is based on the 1996 Booker Prize-winning novel Last Orders by Graham Swift.
 The University of Kansas Hospital also known as KU Med is a nonprofit academic medical center located in Kansas City Kansas United States. It is the region's only nationally verified Level I Trauma Center. In 1998 it became an independent entity that receives no funding from the state of Kansas. The hospital is affiliated with the University of Kansas Medical Center which comprises the schools of medicine nursing and allied health.
 Włostowice-Parcele [vwɔstɔˈvit͡sɛ parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Un taxi pour Tobrouk is a 1960 French film directed by Denys de La Patellière with music by Georges Garvarentz. The story takes place during World War II in the North African desert at the Battle of El Alamein.
 Dave Turcotte (born May 21 1983 in Longueuil Quebec) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec who was elected to represent the riding of Saint-Jean in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Parti Québécois.Turcotte graduated from the Université de Montréal with a bachelor's degree in communications and politics and is owner of a communications agency.
 Krzeszów [ˈkʂɛʂuf] (German: Grüssau) is a village in south-western Poland. It is part of the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra within Kamienna Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship (formerly in Jelenia Góra Voivodeship). Krzeszów boasts the former Grüssau Abbey one of the most valuable relics of Baroque architecture in Europe.The village is located in the Zadrna valley of the Central Sudetes within the historic Lower Silesia region.
 Lyijy is the sixth studio album from the Finnish gothic metal band Poisonblack. The title of the album means lead in English.
 Károly Szász de Szemerja (11 November 1865 – 21 March 1950) was a Hungarian literary historian and politician who served as the last Speaker of the House of Representatives between 1917 and 1918. He was a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences Kisfaludy Society and Petőfi Society.He strongly opposed Endre Ady's poetry his study about the poet attracted attention in the country.
 László Csány (1790 – 10 October 1849) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Public Works and Transport in 1849. He is a martyr of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848.
 The Old Rock School in Dodgeville Wisconsin is a school that was built in 1853. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Bajdyty [bai̯ˈdɨtɨ] (German: Beyditten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-east of Bartoszyce and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Milad Hospital is the largest specialized and subspecialized hospital in Iran. This hospital is a complementary health service provider in Iran's Social Security organization (SSO) chain of hospitals. Milad hospital currently employs more than 5600 specialists and subspecialists of various fields.
 Henry William Allan (December 29 1843 – March 10 1913) was a Canadian politician merchant and produce dealer. He was elected in 1891 as a Member of the Canadian House of Commons for the riding of Essex South Ontario representing the Liberal Party. He was defeated in the 1878 election when he ran in the riding of Norfolk South. Prior to his federal political experience he was elected as a councillor in Norfolk County Ontario and as reeve in Walsingham Ontario.
 The Fotoș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Devil's Pass (originally titled The Dyatlov Pass Incident) is a 2013 UK-Russian horror film directed by Renny Harlin written by Vikram Weet and starring Holly Goss Matt Stokoe Luke Albright Ryan Hawley and Gemma Atkinson as Americans who investigate the Dyatlov Pass incident. It is shot in the style of found footage.
 Leuculopsis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Why the Long Face is the seventh studio album by Scottish band Big Country released in 1995. (see 1995 in music).
 The Olympic Apartment Building is a building located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Gródek [ˈɡrudɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Jabłonna Lacka 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Sokołów Podlaski and 108 km (67 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Mõrsjalinik (English: The Bridal Veil) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It was first published in 1965 in Lund Sweden by Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv (Estonian Writers' Cooperative). In Estonia it was published in 1992.
 Hadley Glacier is located on Mount Baker in the North Cascades of the U.S. state of Washington. Situated on the north slopes of Mount Baker Hadley Glacier is north of Hadley Peak on a spur from Mount Baker.
 Burn is the self-titled debut release of the American hardcore band Burn released in 1990 on Revelation Records.
 The River Ingrebourne /ˈɪŋɡərˌbɔərn/ is a tributary of the River Thames 27 miles (43.3 km) in length. It is considered a strategic waterway in London forming part of the Blue Ribbon Network. It flows through the London Borough of Havering roughly from north to south joining the Thames at Rainham.
 The Research Magnificent is a 1915 novel by H. G. Wells.
 Sobiesęki Trzecie [sɔbjɛˈsɛnki ˈtʂɛt͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Datuk Akmar Hisham Bin Mohd Yusof Mokhles (born 1972) is the press secretary for the Prime Minister of Malaysia. Hisham is also a member of the advisory panel for Wasatiyyah Institute Malaysia which promotes moderate Islamic values. He is also involved in non-governmental and charity organization.
 Escape to Paradise is a 1939 American film directed by Erle C. Kenton.
 Far Eastern University (FEU) Advocate (The Advocate Advo) is the official student publication of Far Eastern University-Manila. It was established on June 12 1934 and became one of the most esteemed newspapers in the country recognized for its intrepid reporting and intelligent commentary on issues both within and outside the University. It is currently being published monthly. FEU Advocate holds its editorial office at Room 103 Education Building Far Eastern University-Manila.
 The Hon. William Botsford Jarvis (May 4 1799 – July 26 1864) was an important member of the Family Compact and Sheriff of the Home District. His estate in what was then York Upper Canada gave its name to Rosedale Toronto. Jarvis Street was named for his cousin Samuel.
 The Tutova River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania. The Cuibul Vulturilor Dam is located on the Tutova River
 Moonlight Cloud (foaled 5 March 2008) is a British-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse who has won the Prix Maurice de Gheest three times and the Prix du Moulin de Longchamp. In a famous race for the Diamond Jubilee Stakes in 2012 she was beaten a head by the Australian champion Black Caviar in a photo-finish. She is owned by George Strawbridge and trained by Freddy Head.
 Risen is the debut album by South African gothic rock band The Awakening released in April 1997. The record contains the hit single The Sounds of Silence an adaptation of the song by Simon and Garfunkel. The cover achieved massive popularity throughout South Africa and remains one of the band's most renowned singles. Musically the album emphasizes traditional gothic rock style reminiscent of bands such as The Damned The Cult and The Sisters of Mercy.
 Lioglyphostoma antillarum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Kamamradkh (Persian: كمامردخ‎ also Romanized as Kamāmradkh) is a village in Lulaman Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1018 in 256 families.
 Starzyce [staˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Chociwel 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 52 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 352.
 The Museum of the Earth is a natural history museum located in Ithaca New York. The museum was created in 2003 as part of the Paleontological Research Institution (PRI) which studies the history of the Earth and its life. Both PRI and the Museum of the Earth are formally affiliated with Cornell University. The Museum of the Earth is home to earth-science exhibits and science-related art displays with a focus on the concurrent evolution of the Earth and life.
 Modunga is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Bhanu Pratap Singh Verma (born 15 July 1957) is an Indian politician. He stood for the 2004 Lok Sabha elections on the BJP ticket and is currently a Member of Parliament from Jalaun.
 Stonglandet Church (Norwegian: Stonglandet kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tranøy in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Stonglandseidet. The church is part of the Tranøy parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1896 and it seats about 240 people. The building was designed by Ole Scheistrøen.
 Dr. László Kovács (March 27 1941 – December 5 2001) was a Hungarian physician and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Érd (Pest County Constituency VIII) between 1990 and 1994.
 Shahrak-e Qods (Persian: شهرك قدس‎) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1416 in 248 families.
 Güney is a village in the District of Karpuzlu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 228 people.
 Dave Pankonin (born December 1 1951) is a former member of the Nebraska Legislature. Born in Lincoln Nebraska he graduated from Louisville High School in 1970. He attended the University of Nebraska–Lincoln college of Business Administration graduating in 1974. He served as mayor of Louisville Nebraska and on the Louisville City Council. He has two children Paul and Stephanie with his wife Lori Pankonin.
 Murder Is Corny is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in April 1964 in the short-story collection Trio for Blunt Instruments (Viking Press). It was the last Nero Wolfe novella to be written and the last published in Stout's lifetime.
 The Straight River is a tributary of the Cannon River 55.6 miles (89.5 km) long in southeastern Minnesota in the United States. Via the Cannon River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of approximately 450 square miles (1200 km2) in an agricultural region. Its name is a translation of Wakpá Owóthaŋna the Dakota name for the river. Despite its name the river flows in a winding course though its valley is fairly straight.
 The Valea Morii River is a tributary of the Pleșcuța River in Romania.
 The Arrowmont School of Arts and Crafts is an Arts and Crafts center in the U.S. city of Gatlinburg Tennessee. The oldest craft school in Tennessee Arrowmont offers workshops in arts and crafts such as painting woodworking glassblowing photography basket weaving and metalworking and sponsors an 11-month artist in residence program.
 What Satellite and Digital TV is a satellite terrestrial cable and broadband television magazine published monthly in the United Kingdom by MyHobbyStore. Although the magazine is primarily targeted for the UK market it is also sold in Europe Africa and the Middle East.
 The Macaná River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Shorabil (Persian: شورابیل Azerbaijani: شورابیل گؤلؤ) is a lake located in a hilly area south of the Iranian city of Ardabil. Ardabil University is located near the lake.The surface of the lake is 640000 m²[citation needed] and is covered with a thin white layer of minerals which are useful in healing skin diseases and rheumatism. The leisure complex of Shorabil is located near the lake.
 Le Père Noël est une ordure (Santa Claus is a bastard) was a cult French theatre play created in 1979 by the troupe Le Splendid and turned into a film directed by Jean-Marie Poiré in 1982.
 Hyattoceratinae is one of two subfamilies of the Vidrioceratidae Family. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Homalocantha secunda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Rhodopsalta is a genus of cicada in the family Cicadidae. It is endemic to New Zealand.
 Balaustium cristatum is a species of mite belonging to the family Erythraeidae. This oval mite is only known from immature specimens: the eight-legged nymph is around 0.75 mm in length and moderately hairy with two pairs of eyes and all legs shorter than the body. The six-legged larva is only around 0.5 mm in length and sparsely hairy with one pair of eyes and the third pair of legs longer than the body.It is associated with various plants in the vicinity of Malelane South Africa.
 Jansgeleen Castle now erroneously called Sint-Jansgeleen or Sint Jansgeleen was a medieval castle in the little village of Spaubeek in the Dutch province of Limburg. Spaubeek is located in the municipality of Beek about 3 km south of the town of Geleen. Spaubeek was a separate municipality until 1982 when it was merged with Beek.The history of Spaubeek was closely connected to that of Jansgeleen Castle.
 Mahmoud Abbas (Arabic: مَحْمُود عَبَّاس‎ Maḥmūd ʿAbbās; born 26 March 1935) also known by the kunya Abu Mazen (Arabic: أَبُو مَازِن‎ 'Abū Māzin) is a Palestinian statesman. He has been the Chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) since 11 November 2004 and has been President of the State of Palestine since 15 January 2005.
 Bayside Cemetery and Gatehouse Complex is a historic cemetery and gatehouse located at Potsdam in St. Lawrence County New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Old Parsonage is a historic church parsonage on Buckwheat Bridge Road in Clermont Columbia County New York. It was constructed in 1867 and is a two story three bay frame residence with a jerkinhead metal roof. It features a decorative sawn bargeboard in a picturesque cottage style. Also on the property are a garage and small well house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Monsieur Klein (Mr. Klein) is a 1976 French film directed by Joseph Losey with Alain Delon starring in the title role.
 God the Invisible King is a theological tract published by H.G. Wells in 1917.
 Deep Secret is a 1997 novel by Diana Wynne Jones. It is the first in the Magid series.
 Rumarz-e Sofla (Persian: رومرزسفلي‎ also Romanized as Rūmarz-e Soflá; also known as Rūmaz-e Soflá and Rūmorz-e Pā’īn) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 47 families.
 Akritogyra helicella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Ziarat Kola (Persian: زيارت كلا‎ also Romanized as Zīārat Kolā Zeyārat Kolā and Zīārat Kalā; also known as Zīārat Kūlā) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 423 in 94 families.
 Communicate! is the first studio album by the soulband The Solution formed by Nicke Andersson and Scott Morgan recorded at Atlantis Studio and mixed in Polar Studios.The album was released in 2004 and was followed up with Will Not Be Televised in 2008.
 Dracula Lives! was an American black-and-white horror comic magazine series published by Marvel Comics in the mid-1970s. Dracula Lives! published 13 issues and one reprint annual featuring Dracula stories.Running concurrently with the longer-running Marvel comic Tomb of Dracula the continuities of the two titles occasionally overlapped with storylines weaving between the two. Most of the time however the stories in Dracula Lives! were stand-alone tales by various creative teams.
 Filip Tihomir Petrovski Ph.D in political science (Macedonian: Филип Петровски) (born May 28 1972 in Kumanovo) is a Macedonian intellectual political activist and librarian.Presently he is the director of the City Library “Braka Miladinovci” in Skopje. He was appointed in 2005.
 Love Aaj Kal (English translation: Love Nowadays) is a 2009 Bollywood romantic comedy drama film starring Saif Ali Khan and Deepika Padukone in lead roles with Rahul Khanna Rishi Kapoor and Giselli Monteiro in supporting roles. The film is directed by Imtiaz Ali and produced by Saif Ali Khan and Dinesh Vijan. The film portrays the feeling of pure love which never changes although the perspective of realising one's soulmate has changed over time.
 Tsugaru Tamenobu (津軽 為信 January 18 1550 – March 29 1608) was a Japanese daimyo of the late Sengoku through early Edo period. He was known as Ōura Tamenobu earlier on in his life. Tamenobu had at one time battled against Nanbu Nobunao. Following this Tamenobu submitted to Toyotomi Hideyoshi and fought against the Hōjō during the siege of Odawara. It was at this time that Tamenobu took the name of Tsugaru. Tamenobu followed in capturing Namioka Castle during the year 1590.
 Xanthograpta basinigra is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Korea and Japan.
 Piz Lad is a mountain of the Swiss Ortler Alps overlooking Santa Maria Val Müstair in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Piz Umbrail.
 Sirinjeh (Persian: سرنجه‎ also Romanized as Sīrīnjeh Sarenjeh Sarinjeh and Serenjah) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 363 in 89 families.
 Masumabad (Persian: معصوم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ma‘şūmābād; also known as Ma‘şūmābād-e Qeshlāq) is a village in Cheshmeh Saran Rural District Cheshmeh Saran District Azadshahr County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 26 families.
 Stoughton Universalist Church is located in Stoughton Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It includes Greek Revival architecture and has also been known as Stoughton Historical Museum.
 Arthur Charles Nielsen Sr. (September 5 1897 – June 1 1980) was an American market analyst who founded the ACNielsen company.
 Zaovine is a village in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 442 people.
 Die Geschichte vom Kleinen Muck (English: The Story of Little Muck) is a 1953 feature film directed by Wolfgang Staudte adapted from the 19th century fairy tale written by Wilhelm Hauff.
 Austerlitz is a 1960 film directed by Abel Gance and starring Jean Marais Rossano Brazzi Jack Palance Claudia Cardinale Vittorio de Sica Orson Welles Leslie Caron and Elvire Popesco. Pierre Mondy portrays Napoleon in this film about his victory at the Battle of Austerlitz. Leslie Caron plays the role of his mistress Elisabeth Le Michaud d'Arçon.
 Glamour is the sixth album of the Japanese hard rock band Show-Ya. The album was released on 24 August 1988. All musical arrangements are by Makoto Matsushita and Show-Ya. The single Aisazu Ni Irarenai - Still Be Hangin' on is Show-Ya's version of an unused demo from the recording sessions of Journey's Raised on Radio album. The song is sung both in English and Japanese with the lyrics translated by Keiko Terada. This album was mixed by Andy Johns in Los Angeles. It reached position No.
 Mazegh-e Bala (Persian: مازغ بالا‎ also Romanized as Māzegh-e Bālā and Māzegh Bālā; also known as Mazagh Māzigh and Mazīq) is a village in Tiab Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1253 in 245 families.
 Whiteout is the third studio album by alternative rock band Boss Hog.
 Charles William Isenhart (born March 30 1959 in Dubuque Iowa) is a Democratic politician representing the 27th District in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2008.
 Guns of Diablo is a Metrocolor 1965 Western directed by Boris Sagal starring Charles Bronson Susan Oliver and Kurt Russell.
 Mark Gottlieb (December 11 1956 - ) is an American civil engineer who served as a Republican Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 60th Assembly District and is now Secretary of the Department of Transportation.
 Worrisome Heart is the debut album of jazz singer-songwriter Melody Gardot. It was first released independently in 2006 and later re-released on Verve Records in 2008. The album also contains some songs previously released on Gardot's first extended play release Some Lessons: The Bedroom Sessions.
 Leszczyny [lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Jeżów 11 km (7 mi) east of Brzeziny and 30 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 40.
 Too Many Magicians is a novel by Randall Garrett an American science fiction author. One of several stories starring Lord Darcy it was first serialized in Analog Science Fiction in 1966 and published in book form the same year by Doubleday. It was later gathered together with Murder and Magic (1979) and Lord Darcy Investigates (1981) into the omnibus collection Lord Darcy (1983 expanded 2002). The novel was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1967.
 Daroga Prasad Rai (born 2 September 1922 date of death unknown) was an Indian politician from the state of Bihar. He was born in Yadav / Ahir family. He was the Chief Minister of Bihar in 1970.
 The Zookeeper's Wife is a non-fiction book written by the poet and naturalist Diane Ackerman. Drawing on the unpublished diary of Antonina Żabińska it recounts the true story of how she and her husband Jan Żabiński director of the Warsaw Zoo saved the lives of 300 Jews who had been imprisoned in the Warsaw Ghetto following the German invasion of Poland on September 1 1939. The book was first published in 2007 by W. W. Norton.
 Leicester Town Hall in the city centre of Leicester England it is set in a square which contains a fountain. The building is the town hall of the city of Leicester and contains Leicester Bike Park.The town hall was built on the former cattle market between 1874 and 1876 in the Queen Anne Style by Francis Hames. Before it was built the Guildhall acted as the town hall.On the first Wednesday of each month a free tour is given by a Blue Badge tourist guide.
 Salsvatn or Salsvatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Fosnes and Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. With its deepest depth of 464 metres (1522 ft) it is Norway’s and Europe’s second deepest lake after Hornindalsvatnet. Alternate sources give the depth as either 464 metres (1522 ft) or 482 metres (1581 ft) at the deepest point.
 Hanleya is a genus of polyplacophoran mollusc known from Oligocene and Miocene fossils; it is represented today by a number of species including H. sinica Xu 1990 (China) H. brachyplax (Brazil) and H. hanleyi Bean in Thorpe 1844 (Chile) which feeds on sponges.
 Journey to a Woman is a lesbian pulp fiction novel written in 1960 by Ann Bannon (pseudonym of Ann Weldy). It is the fifth in a series of pulp fiction novels that eventually came to be known as The Beebo Brinker Chronicles. It was originally published in 1960 by Gold Medal Books again in 1983 by Naiad Press and again in 2003 by Cleis Press.
 Laguna Creek (Spanish for: Lake Creek) is a perennial stream that flows northwesterly for 2.6-mile (4.2 km) along the San Andreas Fault from Woodside in San Mateo County California and after crossing the Phleger Estate and Filoli enters Upper Crystal Springs Reservoir where it is a historic tributary to San Mateo Creek. San Mateo Creek then carries its waters over Crystal Springs Dam northeast to San Francisco Bay.
 Thief and Magistrate (怪盗と判官 Kaitō to Hangan) is a 1955 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Bin Kato.
 Dardavey (Persian: دردوي‎) is a village in Pain Khvaf Rural District Sangan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 10 families. It lies near the border with Afghanistan between Sangan and Taybad. The 1997 Qayen earthquake affected this part of Iran.
 Joe Robert Reeder (born November 28 1947) is a United States lawyer who served as United States Under Secretary of the Army from 1993 to 1997.
 Ferenc Schmidt (November 6 1941 – December 25 2011) was a Hungarian politician of German descent and was a member of the National Assembly (MP) from 1998 to 2010.
 The Church of Our Lady of Hope also known as “Nossa Senhora Da Esperança is a Roman Catholic church in the Diocese of Cochin. It is located at the island of Vypeen - the point where the Vembanad Lake merges with the Arabian Sea with Fort Cochin on the other side.The church with an area of 10 km2 occupying southern end of Vypeen Island is the northern most boundary of Diocese of Cochin. It happens to be one of the oldest churches in Cochin built by the Portuguese in 1605 A.D
 A Girl of Yesterday was a 1915 American silent comedy film directed by Allan Dwan and distributed by Paramount Pictures and Famous Players-Lasky. The film starred Mary Pickford (who also wrote the scenario) as an older woman who was closer to her real age. Before this film Pickford was mainly cast in little girl roles which were popular with the public.
 The Chino Champion along with the Chino Hills Champion is a weekly newspaper serving the Chino Valley area of Southern California. The Champion is a legally adjudicated general interest newspaper publishing local Chino Valley news and advertising. The Champion publishes every Saturday morning and is zoned into Chino and Chino Hills editions to meet the needs of the residents of both cities.
 54 Nude Honeys (Greatest Hits) is the first and only compilation album by the Japanese punk rock band 54 Nude Honeys released on April 17 2006 by Skydog International a French punk label. It is also the group's final release. A limited pressing of the album was released with a bonus DVD of the group's three music videos and a live performance recorded at the CBGB punk club in New York.
 Zyzzyx is a monospecific genus of sand wasp containing a brightly colored medium-sized species Z. chilensis. It is primarily a predator on flies but has been observed to consume skippers. Zyzzyx is a replacement name proposed in 1937 by V. S. L. Pate for Therapon originally described by J. Parker in 1929.
 Buzi-ye Seyf (Persian: بوزي سيف‎ also Romanized as Būzī-ye Seyf; also known as Bozīyeh Būz Būzī and Buzīyeh) is a village in Buzi Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2284 in 394 families.
 Banking Hours 10 to 4 is a 2012 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by K. Madhu starring Anoop Menon Meghna Raj Jishnu Kailash in the lead roles.
 Poperczyn [pɔˈpɛrt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Żółkiewka 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Krasnystaw and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mount Ōyama (大山 Ō-yama) also Mount Afuri (阿夫利山 or 雨降り山 Afuri-yama) or Mount Kunimi (Kunimi-yama) is a 1252 metres (4108 ft) high mountain situated on the border of Isehara Hadano and Atsugi in Kanagawa Prefecture Japan. Together with Mount Tanzawa and other mountains in the Tanzawa Mountains it forms the Tanzawa-Ōyama Quasi-National Park. Mount Ōyama is a popular sightseeing spot in Kanagawa Prefecture.
 Believe is an LP released by Th' Legendary Shack Shakers on October 4 2004.
 Herbert B. Cohen was an American lawyer from York County Pennsylvania. He attended the University of Pennsylvania where he received his Bacceleureate degree. He later became a lawyer and was appointed to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court in 1957.Cohen was active in the gubernatorial campaign of George Leader and became his Attorney General in 1955. Cohen later earned distinction as York’s only homegrown member of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court serving from 1956 to 1970.
 Dumre Dharapani is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3305.
 Selastele is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Siemięrzyce [ɕɛmjɛ̃ˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kroczyce within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kroczyce 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 For the 1921 British short film see The Great Day. For the unfinished MGM musical see Great Day (1930 film).Great Day (1945) is a British drama film directed by Lance Comfort and starring Eric Portman and Flora Robson. In the film the small English village of Denley is thrown into excitement by the impending visit of Eleanor Roosevelt. However the impoverished local squire is threatened with disgrace and ruin as the day approaches.The film recorded a loss of $232000.
 Jatt Boyz Putt Jattan De is a Punjabi movie that was released on August 23 2013.
 The lodge was built about 1915 by local black farmers. Their organization provided insurance advice and burial assistance to members and the structure was the headquarters for the outfit. In 1953 a new pavilion opened at nearby Mosquito Beach and the building fell into disuse. In 2007 the building had been vacant for a decade and was in near ruinous condition. The Town of James Island agreed to contribute $50000 toward the restoration of the building.
 Pseudolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Legends of the Hero-Kings is an adventure module for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 Svinedrengen og prinsessen på ærten is a 1962 Danish animated film directed by Poul Ilsøe and starring Dirch Passer. It is based on the tales by Hans Christian Andersen.
 Terminal Station in Chattanooga Tennessee is a former railroad station once owned and operated by the Southern Railway listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Chattanooga Choo Choo is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.The station was opened in 1909 and was the latest and largest station in Chattanooga's history.
 Paunevan (Persian: پاونوان‎ also Romanized as Pāūnevān) is a village in Kalashi Rural District Kalashi District Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 15 families.
 Hoseyn Sadani (Persian: حسين سادني‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Sādanī) is a village in Baghak Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 37 families.
 Fatmauşağı Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Florida is a village in Orange County New York United States. The population was 2833 at the 2010 census estimates.[citation needed] It is part of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown NY Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger New York–Newark–Bridgeport NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area. The village is located in the town of Warwick with two small northern portions in the town of Goshen.
 Sitticus finschi is a species of spider from Salticidae family that can be found in Canada Russia and the United States.
 The Sound is the third studio album by the San Francisco CA based band New Monsoon. It was produced by Michael Shrieve (former drummer for Carlos Santana) and Paul Kimble.
 Atta saltensis is a species of leaf-cutter ant a New World ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae of the genus Atta. This species is from one of the two genera of advanced attines (fungus-growing ants) within the tribe Attini.
 Dear Secret Santa (also known as Christmas Card) is a Lifetime Television romantic Christmas film starring Tatyana Ali Jordin Sparks Bill Cobbs Della Reese Ernie Hudson and Lamorne Morris. The film was directed by Peter Sullivan. The film premiered on Saturday November 30 2013 on Lifetime.
 Rocheworld (first published in serial form in 1982; first book publication under the title The Flight of the Dragonfly 1984) is a science fiction novel by Robert Forward in which he uses a light sail propulsion system to set the crew on an interstellar mission. The spaceship and crew of 20 have to travel 5.9 light-years (ca. 34 trillion miles; ca.
 Graphium policenoides is a butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of wet forests in good condition.
 Kenneth Ray Farabee known as Ray Farabee (born November 22 1932) is a retired attorney in Austin Texas who served as a Democratic member of the Texas State Senate from Wichita Falls from 1975 to 1988. He is credited with the authorship of 245 Senate bills that became law during his 13-year tenure. In 1985 he was the Senate President Pro Tempore. He is the father of former State Representative David Farabee of Wichita Falls.
 Earthly Possessions is a 1977 novel by Anne Tyler.
 Zhitnitsa Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 'Walking' Wendell Mitchell (September 4 1940 – February 4 2012) was a Democratic member of the Alabama Senate representing the 30th District from 1974 to 2010. District 30 includes parts or all of Autauga Butler Crenshaw Elmore Lowndes and Pike Counties.
 Richard J. Berry is the twenty-ninth and current Mayor of Albuquerque New Mexico and a former two term member of the New Mexico House of Representatives.Berry was sworn into office on 1 December 2009 succeeding Democrat Martin Chávez. Berry is the first Republican Mayor of Albuquerque in over 30 years.
 Quyujiq (Persian: قويوجيق‎ also Romanized as Qūyūjīq; also known as Qūyjūq and Qūyūjūq) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Asiona is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Myrice.
 To Kill with Intrigue (Chinese: 劍花煙雨江南) is a Kung Fu 1977 Hong Kong action film directed by Lo Wei. In the movie's plot Chin Chang Yin (Feng Hsu) leads a gang known as the Killer Bees on a revenge mission to kill Cao Lei's (Jackie Chan) family. However she kills everyone but Cao Lei and falls in love with him. Jackie mentions in his book I Am Jackie Chan how much of the plot is confusing and he was sure that even the director Lo Wei didn't even know what was going on.
 Lakeboat is a 2000 American drama film written by David Mamet and directed by Joe Mantegna and starring Charles Durning Peter Falk Denis Leary and Andy García.
 Rhigosaurus is a genus of therocephalian therapsid.
 The Litani River (Arabic: نهر الليطاني‎ / ALA-LC: Nahr al-Līṭānī; classical name: Leontes from the Greek word for lions [Λέοντες]) is an important water resource in southern Lebanon. The river rises in the fertile Beqaa Valley valley west of Baalbek and empties into the Mediterranean Sea north of Tyre. Exceeding 140 km in length the Litani River is the longest river in Lebanon and provides an average annual flow estimated at 920 million cubic meters.
 Dr. Attila Gruber (born November 6 1958) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Siófok (Somogy County Constituency III) since 2002.He is a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs since June 21 2004.
 The Dig is a novel by John Preston published May 2007 set in the context of the 1939 Anglo-Saxon ship burial excavation at Sutton Hoo Suffolk England. The novel has been widely reviewed as ‘an account of the excavation at Sutton Hoo in 1939’.
 Forficula lucasi is a species of earwigs.
 Mesodon thyroidus is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
 Horoszki Duże [xɔˈrɔʂki ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Sarnaki 21 km (13 mi) east of Łosice and 137 km (85 mi) east of Warsaw.
 The Crawford County Courthouse in Knoxville Georgia served as the Crawford County courthouse from 1832 to 2001. For years before it went out of service the courthouse was the oldest courthouse still in use in Georgia. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Dream Boy is a 2008 gay-themed romantic drama film written and directed by James Bolton and based on Jim Grimsley's 1995 novel of the same name about two gay teenagers who fall in love in the rural South during the 1970s.
 Still Life (Talking) is an album by Pat Metheny Group released in 1987 on Geffen Records. It was the group's first album to be released by the label.
 Kłomnice [kwɔmˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kłomnice. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 78 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 2802.
 Pretoria News is a daily newspaper based in Pretoria Gauteng South Africa.
 Lisa Wants to Talk to You is the title of the fourth album by experimental musician Gary Wilson released on September 15 2008 by the Echo Park-based label Human Ear Music.
 Kaduthuruthy-Mannar is a small village situated in the Kottayam district of the Kerala state India. It is geographically located between Thalayolaparambu and Kaduthuruthy.
 Cumberland Homesteads is a community located in Cumberland County Tennessee United States. Established by the New Deal-era Division of Subsistence Homesteads in 1934 the community was envisioned by federal planners as a model of cooperative living for the region's distressed farmers coal miners and factory workers. While the cooperative experiment failed and the federal government withdrew from the project in the 1940s the Homesteads community nevertheless survived.
 Animage (アニメージュ Animēju) is a Japanese anime and entertainment magazine which Tokuma Shoten began publishing in July 1978. Hayao Miyazaki's internationally renowned manga Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind was serialized in Animage from 1982 through 1994. Other titles serialized in Animage include Ocean Waves (1990-1995) a novel by Saeko Himuro which was later made into a television movie by the same title.
 Smooth is a bimonthly magazine published by Sandra Vasceannie geared toward young urban men that includes a mix of news entertainment urban fashion music movies books sports reporting as well as feature articles on the hottest stars in black entertainment. Smooth covers feature photos of women from around the world.
 Ancient Dreams is the third album of Swedish doom metal band Candlemass and was released in 1988 and reissued in 2001 by Powerline Records with bonus CD. The cover art of the album is a painting made by Thomas Cole second in his series The Voyage of Life entitled Youth.
 Apollo: Atmospheres and Soundtracks is an album by the British ambient musician Brian Eno released in 1983. It was written produced and performed by Brian Eno his brother Roger and Daniel Lanois. Music from the album appeared in the films 28 Days Later Traffic and Trainspotting whose soundtrack sold approximately four million copies. Two of the songs from the album Silver Morning and Deep Blue Day were issued as a 7 single on EG Records.
 George Merrill Wright (April 12 1865) was an American businessman and politician who served as the mayor of Worcester Massachusetts from January 6 1913 to January 1 1917.
 Dahlgreen Courts is an historic structure located in the Brookland neighborhood in the Northeast quadrant of Washington D.C. The complex is made up of two buildings that contain 96 units. They were designed by George Santmyers and they were completed in stages between 1927 and 1929. The complex was listed on both the DC Inventory of Historic Sites and on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Hawk's Nest was a 1928 American film directed by Benjamin Christensen. It is believed to be lost. It was released by First National Pictures and stars husband and wife Milton Sills and Doris Kenyon.
 Nobody Home is a 1919 American film starring Dorothy Gish and Ralph Graves. Rudolph Valentine (a pre-stardom Rudolph Valentino) had an early role. Its working title was Out of Luck. It is considered to be a lost film.
 Oktember is the second EP by Wolfgang Voigt's Gas project. It was released in 1999 on the Mille Plateaux label. Unlike Gas albums the two tracks have titles of sorts.
 Astérisque is a mathematical journal published by Société Mathématique de France and founded in 1973. It publishes mathematical monographs conference reports and the annual report of the Séminaire Nicolas Bourbaki.
 Summit Lake is a lake in the Madawaska Highlands in North Frontenac Frontenac County Ontario Canada about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) northwest of the community of Ompah.
 Long Road Out of Eden is the seventh studio album by the Eagles released in 2007 on Lost Highway Records. Nearly six years in production Long Road Out of Eden is the first studio album from the Eagles since 1979's The Long Run and along with the four original tracks on 1994 Hell Freezes Over and two songs in 2003 (Hole in the World) and 2005 (One Day at a Time) the only original material since.The album produced two singles on the Hot Country Songs charts: a cover of J.D.
 Testeboån is a river in Sweden.
 Mecistogaster is a genus of large Neotropical damselflies in the family Pseudostigmatidae.
 The Thomas Lee House in the Niantic section of East Lyme Connecticut was constructed between 1660 and 1664. It is one of the oldest wood frame houses in Connecticut and still in its primitive state. The original dwelling consisted of a post-and-beam timber frame erected on six 2-story wall posts with the Judgment Hall below and the Chamber above. A steeply pitched roof covered a spacious attic over the chamber.
 James T. Jim Davnie (born April 13 1959) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) he represents District 63A which includes portions of the city of Minneapolis in Hennepin County which is part of the Twin Cities metropolitan area. He is also a teacher.
 Edna Charlene Barnes Fite (born 1950) is an educator from Van Buren in western Arkansas who is a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from District 80 which includes the northern part of Crawford County (a portion of Van Buren and Cedarville) that extends through the Ozark National Forest into Washington County (Cane Hill Lincoln and Prairie Grove).
 Canoe Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada about 12.5 kilometres (7.8 mi) northeast of Terrace Bay. The lake has a number of unnamed tributaries and exits via the west branch of Fishnet Creek into Jackfish Lake and thence by a short channel into Lake Superior. It is 700 metres (2297 ft) long and 500 metres (1640 ft) wide. Highway 17 travels along the north shore of the lake.
 Sheldon Johnson (born March 25 1954) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) he represents District 67B which includes portions of the Dayton's Bluff and Battle Creek neighborhoods of Saint Paul in Ramsey County in the Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 The university hospital of Heidelberg is one of the largest and most renowned medical centers in the Federal Republic of Germany. It is closely linked to Heidelberg University Medical School (Heidelberg University Faculty of Medicine) which was founded in 1388 and is thus the oldest within the Federal Republic of Germany.
 Sadala is a village in Juuru Parish Rapla County Estonia. It has an area of 385 ha and a population of 10 (as of 1 February 2010).Sadala village was detached from Lõiuse and Järlepa villages in 2010.
 Thomas Shepard House is a historic house at 764 East Hill Road in New Marlborough Massachusetts. It is one of the older homes in New Marlborough (built 1768) and is one of three 18th century houses on a 3-mile (4.8 km) stretch of East Hill Road which was then one of only three roads in the town.
 Guy Gauthier (born March 20 1920) was a Canadian politician and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.
 Ballerus is a genus of cyprinid fish containing two Eurasian species.
 Hannah (1868–November 1875) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and the second horse to win the English Fillies Triple Crown.
 The Paratiji River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Church of St. Joachim is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 26 Roosevelt Street in Manhattan New York City.The parish was established in 1888 by the Missionary Fathers of St. Charles Borromeo with the Rev. F. Morelli C.S.C.B. as its first pastor.
 Sir Christoffel Joseph Brand (21 June 1797 Cape Town – 19 May 1875 Cape Town) was a South African jurist politician statesman and first Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the Cape Colony.
 Four Sheets to the Wind is a 2007 independent drama film written and directed by Sterlin Harjo.
 Sloanbaatar is a mammal genus that lived in Mongolia during the Upper Cretaceous. It lived at the same time as the dinosaurs. This animal was a member of the also extinct order Multituberculata within the suborder Cimolodonta and the family Sloanbaataridae.The genus Sloanbaatar was named by Kielan-Jaworowska Z. in 1970. The name means Sloan's hero in honour of paleontologist R.E.
 Kin is a village in Rajanpur District Punjab of central Pakistan. It is located on the western side (right bank) of the Indus River at the edge of the flood plain. Kin is in the Mazāri tribal area and under the jurisdiction of the Shaikhwāli Police Post. It is about half way between Rajanpur to the northeast and Kashmore to the southwest just off of the Indus Highway (N55).
 The Complete RCA Victor Recordings is a 1995 compilation 2-CD set of sessions led by jazz trumpeter and composer Dizzy Gillespie recorded for the RCA Victor label between 1937 and 1949.
 Waiting for Godik is a 2007 documentary written and directed by Ari Davidovich chronicalling the rise and fall of the Israeli theater producer and impresario Giora Godik.
 Chay Kandi (Persian: چاي كندي‎ also Romanized as Chāy Kandī) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 523 in 112 families.
 The Kempton-Wace Letters was a 1903 epistolary novel by Jack London and Anna Strunsky. It was published anonymously.It is a discussion of the philosophy of love and sex written in the form of a series of letters between two men Herbert Wace a young scientist and Dane Kempton an elderly poet.
 Stormbound or La Strada finisce sul fiume is a 1950 Italian film directed by Luigi Capuano.
 Coleophora issikii is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Japan (Honshu).The wingspan is 13–16 mm. Adults are on wing from August to mid September.
 Things We Do For Love is a 1997 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn premièred as the Stephen Joseph Theatre. It is about a woman who begins an affair with her best friend's fiancé only for this new relationship to swiftly descend into violence.
 The Church of Our Lady & St Alphege is a Roman Catholic church located in the Oldfield Park suburb of Bath Somerset. The church was built between 1927 and 1929 to the designs of Sir Giles Gilbert Scott the architect of Liverpool Cathedral. The church is modelled on the Early Christian basilica of Santa Maria in Cosmedin Rome. It is a Grade II* listed building.The exterior is Romanesque of Bath Stone rubble. A three-arched loggia with Byzantine columns and capitals surrounds it.
 Distant Horizons is the twenty-first studio album by the English space rock group Hawkwind released in 1997.Towards the end of 1996 Jerry Richards who had been contributing lead guitar to some live dates and recording sessions joined the group permanently. Dissatisfied with the musical direction of the group long standing bassist Alan Davey chose to leave at the end of 1996. His bass playing duties were picked up by singer Ron Tree.
 Busåsen is a mountain of Akershus Norway.
 Deh-e Baba (Persian: ده بابا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bābā) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District Khanmirza District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 41 families.
 Gniewkowo [ɡɲefˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Golobrad (Bulgarian: Голобрад) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 193.057 kilometres (119.960 mi) from Sofia. It covers an area of 3.547 square kilometres and as of 2007 had a population of 151 people.
 The Journal of Applied Economics (JAE) is peer-reviewed and publishes original contributions on applied issues in micro and macroeconomics. The primary criteria for selecting papers are quality and importance for the field. Papers based on a well motivated research problem that make a concrete contribution to empirical economics or applied theory are especially encouraged.
 The Exquisite Death of Saxon Shore is the third full-length studio album by American post-rock band Saxon Shore. It was produced by Dave Fridmann (notable for his work with Mercury Rev and The Flaming Lips in addition to bands as stylistically varying as Weezer and Mogwai) and released on October 18 2005 on Burnt Toast Vinyl.
 Potomac Gardens known to some of its residents as The Gardens is a housing project located at 1225 G Street SE in Capitol Hill Southeast Washington D.C. thirteen blocks to the southeast of the United States Capitol building.The property is owned by the District of Columbia Housing Authority and its 352-units are divided into family and senior housing. It was constructed between 1965 and 1968. In November 1967 the first families began moving in.
 Edward Lone Fight (born May 28 1939) served as Chairman of the Mandan Hidatsa and Arikara Nation (Three Affiliated Tribes) from 1986 to 1990. In 1988 Lone Fight met with President Ronald Reagan a meeting which was the catalyst for the Just Compensation Bill introduced based on the findings of the Joint Tribal Advisory Committee which provided the tribes partial compensation for the flooding of reservation due to the construction of the Garrison Dam under the Pick-Sloan Legislation.
 The pale field rat (Rattus tunneyi) also known as Tunney's rat is a nocturnal herbivore endemic in Australia. It once occupied almost all areas of mainland Australia but is now found only in tall grasslands in northern Australia.The pale field rat is yellow-brown and either grey or cream on the underside. It eats grass stems seeds and roots and during the day rests in a shallow burrows dug in loose crumbly soil.
 Stare Kostry [ˈstarɛ ˈkɔstrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Confessions of a Foyer Girl is a 1978 short film created by Aardman Animations. It is part of the Animated Conversations series. In this short creators David Sproxton and Peter Lord applied the groundbreaking technique of using recorded conversations of real people as the basis for the script.
 Cold Blue Torch is an album by Psychic TV. It is the remix album of some songs from the album Trip Reset.
 Inténtalo is the first studio album by Mexican group 3Ball MTY. It was released on 6 December 2011 under Fonovisa label.
 The Xingu Antbird (Willisornis vidua) also known as the Xingu Scale-backed Antbird is a species of antbird from the south-eastern Amazon in Brazil. Until 2011 it was usually included as a subspecies of the Scale-backed Antbird. Its English name refers to the Xingu River. In addition to the nominate subspecies it includes the subspecies W. v. nigrigula.
 Lake Braddock is a reservoir in the community of Burke in Fairfax County Virginia USA. Lake Braddock is created by an impoundment on a tributary stream of Pohick Creek itself a tributary of the Potomac River.
 Benny Behanan (born 22 August 1952) is a Kerala politician of the Indian National Congress party. He is the current MLA of Thrikkakara Legislative Assembly Constituency. He was the General Secretary of the Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee for 17 years. Earlier he had won Piravom in 1982 and contested unsuccessfully to the Lok Sabha as UDF Candidate from Idukki Parliament Constituency in 2004.
 Mirosławki [mirɔˈswafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stęszew within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Stęszew and 23 km (14 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 120.
 The Puffy Chair is a 2005 road movie written and directed by the brothers Jay Duplass and Mark Duplass. It was screened at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival and won the Audience Award at the 2005 SXSW Film Festival. It is considered part of the Mumblecore movement. Extensive improvisation is used in the film. The Duplass's mother and father play the mother and father in the movie. The film was shot on the Panasonic AG-DVX100.
 Hickory Springs Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church in Chatham Louisiana.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register in 1989.
 The Patent Leather Kid is a 1927 silent film which tells the story of a boxer who scoffs at fighting outside the ring... particularly for the United States once it enters World War I. Eventually he is drafted is shipped overseas and performs a heroic act which results in his being severely wounded. It stars Richard Barthelmess Molly O'Day Lawford Davidson Matthew Betz and Arthur Stone.The movie was adapted by Gerald C.
 Samu (Persian: سمو‎ also Romanized as Samū and Samoo; also known as Sīmu) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Gnjilan is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2478 people.
 Ray Frank Gricar (/ˈɡriːkɑr/; born October 9 1945 missing April 15 2005 declared legally dead July 25 2011) was an American attorney who served as the district attorney of Centre County Pennsylvania from 1985 until 2005.
 The Third Power is a 1991 album by the New York based music group Material. The album mixes reggae. funk dub and rap music.Engineer Martin Bisi claims the album began as a Sly and Robbie record but Bill really took over... And then before you know it the record's done and they're staring at something that they don't recognize...
 Believe is the third studio album by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber released on June 15 2012 by Island Records. Looking to transition from the teen pop styles of his two-piece debut effort My World (2009) and My World 2.0 (2010) Bieber opted to create a follow-up record that featured more prominent elements of dance-pop and Contemporary R&B.
 Twin Peaks also known as Twin Peaks Mountain is a volcanic peak on northern Vancouver Island in southwestern British Columbia Canada located 14 km (8.7 mi) southwest of Port McNeill. It consists of andesite lava that was erupted three million years ago when the Alert Bay Volcanic Belt was volcanically active during the Pliocene period.
 Eomyrus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 Chah Nareh Cha Abbasi (Persian: چاه نره چاعباسي‎ also Romanized as Chāh Nareh Chā ʿAbbāsī) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 13 families.
 Bos planifrons (flat-fronted cattle) was a bovine species from the Siwaliks of India and Pakistan. It may have been the ancestor of the Indian Aurochs Bos primigenius namadicus. Its type is a skull.
 Guadalupia is a genus of marine sponges. It includes a number of extinct species including: Guadalupia auricula G. cupulosa G. ramescens G. microcamera and G. vasa.Fossils of Guadalupia zitteliana Girty 1908a and Guadalupia explanata (King 1943) have been found in the Upper Permian limestone near the Carlsbad Caverns in New Mexico.
 Mecistophylla agramma is a species of snout moths in the genus Mecistophylla. It was described by Lower in 1903 and is known from Queensland Australia and the Louisiade Archipelago.
 The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 12 is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in November 1986.The book collects eleven novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors originally published in 1985 and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented together with an introduction by the editor. It includes Ellison's Locus Poll Award winning story Paladin of the Lost Hour.
 Natturajavu is a 2004 Malayalam superhit film directed by Shaji Kailas. It stars Mohanlal Meena Nayantara Kalabhavan Mani Cochin Haneefa K.P.A.C Lalitha and Siddique in supporting roles.
 Lacalma porphyrealis is a species of snout moths in the genus Lacalma. It was described by Kenrick in 1907 and is known from New Guinea and Australia.
 Marshall Otis Howe (October 4 1832 – May 13 1919) was a farmer school superintendent and Justice of the Peace from Newfane Vermont and member of the Vermont House of Representatives serving in 1882.
 The Biddeford City Hall is located in Biddeford Maine. The building was built in 1895 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 24 1973.
 Chic-Ism is the eighth studio album by American R&B band Chic released on the WEA label in 1992. It is the final Chic album of original material.The album includes singles Chic Mystique (#1 US Club Play #48 R&B) and Your Love (#3 US Club Play).
 Rebel Heart is the third album released by Dan Seals as a solo artist and his first for Liberty Records. This was also his first album to appear on the charts reaching #40 on the Top Country Albums chart. He achieved his first top ten single with the song God Must Be a Cowboy. The other singles released from the album were Everybody's Dream Girl (#18) After You (#28) and You Really Go for the Heart (#37).
 Evil Heat is the seventh studio album by Primal Scream. The album's sound is similar to XTRMNTR but not as abrasive and with more psychedelic overtones.The track Rise was originally titled Bomb the Pentagon and debuted as part of the band's live set in summer 2001. In light of the September 11 2001 attacks both the lyrics and title of the song were reworked and the revised version appears on the album.
 The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science is a general guide to the sciences written by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in 1960 by Basic Books in two volumes Physical Sciences and Biological Sciences though some subsequent editions were published as single volumes.
 The Church of the Holy Apostles is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal church located at 1706 Hagood Avenue in Barnwell South Carolina. On April 13 1972 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Church of the Holy Apostles Episcopal.
 The Carbunup River is located in the south-west corner of Western Australia.
 Crooked is Kristin Hersh's eighth studio album produced by Hersh. The album was released in the form of a book containing song lyrics artwork and a code to download the music digitally.
 Hamlet is a 1948 British film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play Hamlet adapted and directed by and starring Sir Laurence Olivier. Hamlet was Olivier's second film as director and also the second of the three Shakespeare films that he directed (the 1936 As You Like It had starred Olivier but had been directed by Paul Czinner). Hamlet was the first British film to win the Academy Award for Best Picture. It is also the first sound film of the play in English.
 Untouchable is a novel by Mulk Raj Anand published in 1935. The novel established Anand as one of India's leading English authors. The book was inspired by his aunt's experience when she had a meal with a Muslim woman and was treated as an outcast by his family. The plot of this book Anand's first revolves around the argument for eradicating the caste system. It depicts a day in the life of Bakha a young sweeper who is untouchable due to his work cleaning latrines.
 Pacific Place is a Class-A skyscraper located at 1910 Pacific Avenue in the City Center District of Dallas Texas. The structure contains 20 floors of office space and stands adjacent to the historic Majestic Theatre. It is connected to the Dallas Pedestrian Network and sits across Pacific Avenue from Aston Park and the proposed Pacific Plaza Park. It lies within the Harwood Historic District but it not a contributing structure.
 Peripatopsidae is one of the two living velvet worm families.
 Glimpses/Impressions is a film by Jean-François Pouliot for the Canadian pavilion at Expo 2010 in Shanghai. The 5 minute 20 second-long film depicts 24 hours in the life of an imaginary urban centre created from composite images from major Canadian cities. The film was created from over 3000 animated photos projected onto a large screen with a 150-degree curve.
 The Herald (Scoliopteryx libatrix) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is a common species found in Great Britain and other parts. It has a wingspan of only 44 mm or so [1]. The Herald's flight period is between June and November in one or two broods. During the winter the Herald moth hibernates in dark cool structures (e.g. cellars barns and caves) returning to take wing again from March to June.
 St. Elizabeth of Hungary is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located at Baltimore Maryland United States. The complex developed over the period 1895-1926 and consists of four buildings: a two-story gable-fronted brick structure erected in 1895 as the original church parish hall and rectory; a large stone Romanesque church building constructed in 1912; a three-story convent built in 1922; and a large three-story parochial school which was added to the site in 1926.
 The Methodist Cemetery is an historic cemetery located at Murdock Mill Road between River Road and 42nd Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Tenleytown neighborhood. It is located behind the Eldbrooke United Methodist Church also on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Stare Ludzicko [ˈstarɛ luˈd͡ʑit͡skɔ] (formerly German Lutzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rąbino within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Rąbino 18 km (11 mi) east of Świdwin and 106 km (66 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 260.
 Interface is a 1984 horror movie. It was directed by Andy Anderson and starred John Davies Lauren Lane and Mathew Sacks. It is notable for providing Lou Diamond Phillips his first film role as PUNK#1.The movie takes place on a fictional college campus. Davies starring as a professor discovers a secret society of hackers on campus; they kill his star pupil. Hobson attempts to uncover and neutralize the society even as he himself becomes a suspect in his student's death.
 Partridges are birds in the pheasant family Phasianidae. They are a non-migratory Old World group. These are medium-sized birds intermediate between the larger pheasants and the smaller quails. Partridges are native to Europe Asia Africa and the Middle East. Partridges are ground-nesting seed-eaters.[citation needed]According to Greek legend the first partridge appeared when Daedalus threw his nephew Perdix off the sacred hill of Athena in a fit of jealous rage.
 Juxtaposition Global Health Magazine is a student publication published twice a year by students at the University of Toronto. Originally started as an online magazine the Magazine has recently expanded and is due to publish its ninth issue in print in 2013. Articles focus on global health and international development issues.
 The National Radio Museum (Chinese: 國家廣播文物館; pinyin: Guójiā Guǎngbò Wénwùguǎn) is a museum about radio broadcasting in Minxiong Township Chiayi County Taiwan.
 Porosteugnathus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Monte Scanapà is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Pethia padamya the Odessa barb is a species of cyprinid fish known from Central Myanmar where it is known to occur in an artificial pond above the Anisakan Falls and also from the lower Chindwin River. It has been known to the aquarium hobby for many years but was only described scientifically in 2008.
 Ctenothrissa is a prehistoric genus of ray-finned fish in the supposed order Ctenothrissiformes. These Teleostei are only known from fossils. While they are sometimes included in the superorder Acanthopterygii or Protacanthopterygii this is neither well-supported nor is the monophyly of the Ctenothrissiformes robustly established. Indeed it is quite likely that the supposed order is a paraphyletic assemblage of ancient moderately advanced Teleostei.
 Harmony is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records in 1987. The album peaked at number 9 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Le Chakka (Bengali: লে ছ্ক্কা; English: Take a Sixer) is a 2010 Bengali-language sports comedy film written by Padmanava Dasgupta and directed by Raj Chakraborty.
 Buckingham Female Collegiate Institute Historic District is a historic school complex and national historic district located at Gravel Hill Buckingham County Virginia. It encompasses five contributing buildings associated with the Institute which operated from 1837 to 1863. They are of brick and frame construction and are the President's House (c. 1852-1853) the Henry James Brown House the John S. West store / dwelling the Institute Tavern (c. 1850) and the Cobb-West-England House (c.
 God of Gamblers II (Chinese: 賭俠; Cantonese Yale: Dou Hap; literally Knight of Gambling) is a 1990 Hong Kong action comedy film written and directed by Wong Jing. It stars Andy Lau as Little Knife Stephen Chow as the Saint of Gamblers and Ng Man-Tat as Blackie Tat. This movie is a sequel to both God of Gamblers which included Lau's character and to All for the Winner which starred Chow and Ng.
 Richmond Hill is a historic home and farm complex located at Livingston in Columbia County New York. It includes a large Federal style residence dating to 1813-1814 ten contributing related outbuildings and one contributing structure. The main house is a two story rectangular brick block with a gable roof and slightly protruding three bay pavilion.
 Rhacophorus prasinatus is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Taiwan. It is the largest tree frog in Taiwan; females can reach 7 cm (2.8 in) in snout-vent length.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland arable land plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dipak K. A. Patel (born 12 July 1953 in Lusaka) is a Zambian politician who served long tenures both as a legislator and as the Minister of Trade Commerce and Industry.
 Türkhüyük is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Aq Masjed (Persian: اق مسجد‎ also Romanized as Āq Masjed) is a village in Heyran Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 16 families.
 Strictly Elvis is an extended play (EP) by Elvis Presley released in January 1957. It peaked at number one in the number-one EPs chart in the United Kingdom and was five weeks in the number-one until it was superseded by Expresso Bongo which became number-one in April 23 1960.
 Joseph Wing Farm Complex is a historic home and farm complex located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1820 and is a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay frame building on a limestone foundation in a vernacular Federal style. It has a gable roof is sheathed in clapboard and has a 1 1⁄2-story rear wing.
 Engage is the fourth album by hardcore band Stretch Arm Strong and their third release on Solid State Records
 Sarah Maldoror ou la nostalgie de l'utopie is a Togolese short documentary film directed by Anne-Laure Folly.
 The Regions-Harbert Plaza is a 32-story 437-foot-tall (133 m) office building located in Birmingham Alabama. The building was originally known as the AmSouth-Harbert Plaza but was renamed on July 13 2007 following the merger of the building's largest tenant AmSouth Bancorporation with Regions Financial Corporation which is also based in Birmingham. The 31st floor contains the private Summit Club. The base of the building contains a 70000-square-foot (6500 m2) retail center.
 The Soyana (Russian: Сояна) is a river in Primorsky and Mezensky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Kuloy River. It is 140 kilometres (87 mi) long and the area of its basin 5860 square kilometres (2260 sq mi). The main tributaries of the Soyana are the Nyrzanga (right) and the Telsa (left).The Soyana collects the drain of the plateau on the eastern side of the Dvina Bay of the White Sea (known as White Sea - Kuloy Plateau).
 Paul Clayton East CNZM QC (born 4 August 1946) is a former New Zealand politician of the National Party.
 Ridi Viharaya (Sinhala: රිදී විහාරය) or Silver Temple is a 2nd-century BCE Theravada Buddhist temple in the village of Ridigama Sri Lanka. Built during the reign of Dutthagamani of Anuradhapura the temple is considered as the place where the silver ore which provided silver to complete Ruwanwelisaya; one of the largest stupa in Sri Lanka was discovered.
 Periscelididae is a family of flies.
 Rig-e Muri (Persian: ريگموري‎ also Romanized as Rīg-e Mūrī) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 11 families.
 UK Jive is the twenty-second studio album by the English rock group The Kinks released in 1989. It was the first album in almost three years since the 1986 album Think Visual. At this point it was the longest gap between album releases since the inception of the group. It is a concept album about modern day society and was one of The Kinks' most poorly received albums.
 Chikara (Japanese for power) is a compilation album by hard rock band Kiss released in 1988 on Polystar.
 Beatin' the Odds is the third studio album by American southern rock band Molly Hatchet released in 1980 (see 1980 in music). This is the first album with new vocalist Jimmy Farrar who replaced Danny Joe Brown. A remastered edition of the album was issued in 2008 by Rock Candy Records with four live bonus tracks and extensive liner notes. The remastering was directed by famous British producer Jon Astley.
 Hauganes is a small village in Iceland located 30 km north of Akureyri.Hauganes is located in Eyjafjörður the longest fjord in central northern Iceland. Hauganes has about 137 inhabitants. The place name Hauganes originated with the Old Norse word Haugr meaning hill mound or barrow. Fishing is an important industry to the village. Haliotis Iceland founded in 2000 has its abalone farm in Hauganes. Conditions in Hauganes are excellent for growing abalone. Haliotis Iceland ltd.
 Inna is a river that flows through the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The river begins in the east at the lake Innsvatnet located near the border to Sweden and it runs west to Vuku at the confluence of the rivers Inna and Helgåa which together become the river Verdalselva. The river Inna runs through the Inndalen valley through the villages of Sul Garnes Holmen and ends at Vuku.
 Tmetolophota phaula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1887. It is found in New Zealand.
 Stop The Music (March 23 1970 - July 8 2005) was an American thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
 Eric K. Hutchings is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives representing District 38. Hutchings has been in office since his August 22 2001 and was appointed by Utah Governor Mike Leavitt.
 Midnight Drive is an album by Australian musician Tommy Emmanuel. This release is called Can't Get Enough on its original release in Australia. The Australian version contains an extra track How Many Sleeps.
 The World Health Report (WHR) is a series of reports produced regularly by the World Health Organization (WHO). First published in 1995 the World Health Report is WHO's leading publication. Published annually or biennially in multiple languages each report includes an expert assessment of a specific global health topic relating to all countries that are Member States of the organization.
 The Tufveson House is a Queen Anne style house built in 1900 in Minot North Dakota. The builder of the home was Nels Tufveson an immigrant from Sweden.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Lincoln Center is a multi-building office complex in Tigard Oregon United States. Opened in 1981 the six-building complex was built over a decade and includes the 12-story Lincoln Tower the tallest building in Washington County. Located on S.W. Greenburg Road at Oregon Route 217 Lincoln Center is adjacent to the Washington Square shopping mall in the Portland metropolitan area.
 Krčevljani (Cyrillic: Крчевљани) is a village in the municipality of Modriča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 International Magic Live at The O2 is the debut video album by English rock band Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds. Released on 13 October 2012 the album documents the band's performance at The O2 Arena in London on 26 February 2012 as part of their High Flying Birds Tour. The footage was directed by Dick Carruthers produced by Carruthers and Jeremy Azis and features the full performance from the show as well as additional footage from the tour.
 The Theodore Krumberg Building is a historic commercial building and former bank in the Over-the-Rhine neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States.
 Absolute Hangover (Norwegian: Absolutt blåmandag) is a 1999 Norwegian comedy film directed by Petter Næss starring Ingar Helge Gimle and Brit Elisabeth Haagensli. John and Siri Lill are around forty and have been together for most of their lives without getting married. When John's drinking gets out of hand Siri Lill decides to move back with her parents. John goes on a drunken binge and just as the apartment is in a terrible mess Siri Lill decides to return.
 Somebody Up There Likes Me is a 2012 comedy written and directed by Bob Byington starring Keith Poulson Nick Offerman and Jess Weixler
 Genju no Seiza (幻獣の星座 Genjū no Seiza lit. Constellation of the Imaginary Beast) is a Japanese supernatural manga created by Matsuri Akino. The series is focused on Kamishina Fuuto a teenager who has spiritual senses and his struggle to maintain a normal life while being a reincarnation of the High Priest of Dhalashar. The manga is published by Akita Shoten in 14 graphic novels.
 Jocara chrysoderas is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It is found in Guyana.
 The Revengers' Comedies is a play by Alan Ayckbourn. Its title references that of The Revenger's Tragedy. The play is an epic piece running more than five hours and was designed to be presented in two parts. It was inspired by the playwright's love of films and references many notable movies particularly the Alfred Hitchcock classic Strangers on a Train.
 Enteucha basidactyla is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from along the south-western coast of Florida as well as Dominica Belize and Ecuador. It is likely that this species has a much wider distribution in the tropical forests of the Neotropics.The wingspan is 4.3-4.9 mm for males and 5.3-5.4 mm for females. Adults are on wing in January from April to May and in July.The larvae feed on Coccoloba uvifera in the Caribbean.
 Beauty Dies is the third EP by The Raveonettes and was released October 21 2008. It is a second release in a three-part release of digital download EPs over three months.
 Kattagaram (North) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Arqih (Persian: ارقيه‎ also Romanized as Ārqīh and Arghāy) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 23 families.
 Phaegoptera chorima is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1896. It is found in southern Brazil.
 Never Apologise Never Explain was the eight full-length album by the band Therapy? and the second to be released on Spitfire Records. It was released on 27 September 2004. The album was recorded in June 2004 at Parkgate Studios Hastings. Never Apologise Never Explain marked a return to the claustrophobic sound of the bands’ early releases. It failed to chart in the Top 200 of the UK Albums Chart. The album was not released in North America.The album was released on CD only.
 Safo Niger is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Lik Amin Asah is a Mon language chronicle that strictly covers the legendary early history of its kings and founding of the city of Hanthawaddy Pegu (Bago). It was written in 1825 during the First Anglo-Burmese War.
 Red Mountain elevation 13914 ft (4241 m) is a summit in the Culebra Range of south central Colorado. The peak is on private land 15 mi (24 km) southeast of San Luis.
 Choryń [ˈxɔrɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Kościan and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 415.
 The Arlington Arts Center also known as AAC is a private nonprofit contemporary visual arts center based in Arlington (Virginia) and established in 1974.Housed since 1976 in the historic Maury School it presents artworks from regional artists in the mid-Atlantic states. The center is composed of exhibitions educational programs and subsidized studio spaces and wants to increase awareness and appreciation of and involvement in the visual arts in Arlington County VA and the region.
 An Idyll of the Hills is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Kärdu is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Four Flies on Grey Velvet (Italian: 4 mosche di velluto grigio) is a 1971 Italian giallo film written and directed by Dario Argento. The film is the third in director Argento's Animal Trilogy which started with The Bird with the Crystal Plumage and The Cat o' Nine Tails.
 Versos is the ninth album by the Portuguese music composer António Pinho Vargas. It was released in 2001.
 Raziabad (Persian: رضي اباد‎ also Romanized as Raẕīābād; also known as Raẕīābād Ḩarīrī) is a village in Ahmadabad-e Mostowfi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamshahr County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 561 in 134 families.
 The Catacombs of Paris or Catacombes de Paris are underground ossuaries in Paris France. Located south of the former city gate (the Barrière d’Enfer at today's Place Denfert-Rochereau) the ossuaries holds the remains of about six million people and fills a renovated section of caverns and tunnels that are the remains of historical stone mines.
 The Riven Kingdom is the second novel in the Godspeaker series by Karen Miller.
 Gasanda is a village in the Commune of Bururi in Bururi Province in southern Burundi. It is located southwest of Bururi and the Bururi Forest Reserve is in the area.
 Wanted: Live in Concert (also known as Wanted/Richard Pryor - Live In Concert is a comedy album by Richard Pryor. Released as a double-LP in 1978 it includes performances from Pryor's concert tour in 1978. Two performances from that tour were filmed in Long Beach California for theatrical release.
 Odrowąż [ɔˈdrɔvɔ̃ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarny Dunajec within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Czarny Dunajec 13 km (8 mi) west of Nowy Targ and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 920.
 The Avondale Park Historic District in Birmingham Alabama is a 200 acres (81 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. It includes work dating to 1886 and work by Burnhum & Greer. It includes Queen Anne Colonial Revival and Tudor Revival architecture. The listing included 425 contributing buildings one contributing site and two contributing structures.
 The Imperial Hotel in Atlanta is one of the few remaining tall buildings from the city's construction boom in the early 20th century. The former hotel was opened in 1910 has 8 stories and is representative of the Chicago school due to the flat roof and brick facade with grids of bay windows. It contains two historic Otis elevators.
 The Philippine tree squirrel Sundasciurus philippinensis is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae which is endemic to the Philippines.
 Étang de Lacanau is a lake in Lacanau Gironde France. Its surface area is 19.85 km²
 The Neagra Șarului River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 OSS 117 takes a vacation/Hot Holidays for OSS 117/OSS 117 prend des vacances is a French/Brazilian international co-production 1970 spy film directed by Pierre Kalfon who also co-wrote and co-produced the film. It starred Luc Merenda Edwige Feuillère and Elsa Martinelli. The film is one of the OSS 117 series of films and was based on the 1968 novel Vacances Pour OSS 117 by Josette Bruce the widow of Jean Bruce who also co-wrote the film. The film was shot in Guarujá.
 Colias staudingeri is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Turkmenistan Tadzhikistan and Uzbekistan. The habitat consists of alpine meadows at altitudes between 2000 and 3900 meters.Adults are on wing from June to July.
 Copper Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Schijenflue is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps located on the border between Austria and Switzerland.A day or multiday hike that follows the whole of the Rätikon chain and passes Schijenflue on its sunny side is called Prättigauer Höhenweg.
 The John A. Roebling Suspension Bridge spans the Ohio River between Cincinnati Ohio and Covington Kentucky. When the first pedestrians crossed on December 1 1866 it was the longest suspension bridge in the world at 1057 feet (322 m) main span. Today many pedestrians use the bridge to get between the arenas in Cincinnati (Paul Brown Stadium Great American Ball Park and U.S. Bank Arena) and the hotels bars restaurants and parking lots in Northern Kentucky.
 Dombagoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Avan (Persian: اوان‎ also Romanized as Āvān and Ovan) is a village in Jushin Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 96 families.
 The Ource is a 100 km (62 mi) long river in northeastern France right tributary of the river Seine. Its source is in the Haute-Marne département 2 km south of Poinson-lès-Grancey. It flows generally northwest. It joins the Seine at Bar-sur-Seine.Its course crosses the following départements and communes:Haute-Marne: Poinson-lès-GranceyCôte-d'Or: Recey-sur-Ource Brion-sur-Ource Autricourt Grancey-sur-OurceAube: Essoyes Celles-sur-Ource Bar-sur-Seine
 Laheva is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 The Dr. Aaron Wright House is a historic home located in Springboro Ohio. It was the home of Aaron Wright (1872 - 1954) and wife Elizabeth. Before the American Civil War the property was used as a safe house on the Underground Railroad. Since 1979 the house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Zindaggi Rocks (translates as Life Rocks) is a 2006 Bollywood film directed by Tanuja Chandra and produced by Anurradha Prasad. It is about the love story between a famous singer Kriya played by Sushmita Sen and a doctor played by Shiney Ahuja.
 The Amambaí River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Bowlers Journal International is a magazine dedicated to Ten-pin bowling. Founded as the Bowlers Journal in 1913 it is based in Chicago Illinois. There are both online and print versions of the monthly magazine.It is akin to the British Tenpin Bowling Association's Go Tenpin magazine.
 Y. Rama-varam is a village and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 The Valea lui Petru River is a tributary of the Prislop River in Romania.
 Hasan-e Aliabad (Persian: حسنعلي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan-e ‘Alīābād and Ḩasan ‘Alīābād; also known as Ḩoseyn‘alīābād) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Euglandina indusiata is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.
 John Callahan House known previously as Pinkney-Callahan House when it was located on St. John Street is a historic home in Annapolis Maryland United States. The brick home was constructed by John Callahan (c. 1754-1803) a prominent and wealthy Annapolitan who served as the Register of the Western Shore Land Office between 1778 and 1803 around 1785-90. It has been moved twice in efforts to prevent its demolition. In 1900-01 the house was relocated to St.
 For Lust of Knowing: The Orientalists and their Enemies published in the United States under the title Dangerous Knowledge: Orientalism and Its Discontents is a 2006 non-fiction book by British historian Robert Irwin. The book is both a history of the academic discipline of Orientalism and an attack on Edward Said's 1978 book Orientalism. The title of the British version of the book comes from the poem The Golden Journey to Samarkand by James Elroy Flecker.
 Alanallur-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. Together with Alanallur-I and Alanallur-III it comes under the administration of the Alanallur gram panchayat.
 Monte Cinto (Colli Euganei) is a hill of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 282 metres.
 The Southern Brazilian Journal of Chemistry (ISSN 0104-5431 CODEN SBJCEO) is a Brazilian scientific journal in chemistry. It was founded in 1993 by Lavinel G. Ionescu at the Instituto de Química Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio Grande do Sul Porto Alegre who is also chief editor.
 Love Comes Back + New Songs is a greatest hits album by Landy Wen.
 The Grey Laughingthrush (Garrulax maesi) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.It is found in China Laos and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Unstuck is an American literary magazine based in Austin Texas that publishes fiction and poetry. Since its first volume released in the fall of 2011 Unstuck has been devoted to breaking down traditional genre fiction barriers. Past contributors include Aimee Bender J. Robert Lennon Jonathan Lethem Elizabeth McCracken and Joe Meno.
 Il diavolo (The Devil) is a 1963 black-and-white Italian film directed by Gian Luigi Polidoro. It tells the story of an Italian merchant and his experiences during a visit to Sweden.
 The Tău River is a tributary of the Pogăniş River in Romania.
 The Kieselbach is a right tributary of the Lichte in Thuringia Germany and is 4 km long.
 Budak Nafsu (literally Slave to Lust also known as Fatima) is a 1983 Indonesian film directed by Sjumandjaja and adapted from the 1981 novel Fatima by Titie Said. Starring Jenny Rachman and El Manik it follows a mother who is forced to serve as a comfort woman for Japanese men stationed in British Malaya in an effort to save her daughter. The film was a commercial success although critics have emphasised its sexual aspects.
 A Village Scandal is a 1915 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 The Aterno-Pescara (ancient Aternus from the Greek Aternos Άτερνος) is a river system in Abruzzo eastern Italy. The river is known as the Aterno near its source in the mountains but takes the name Pescara actually a tributary nearer the city of Pescara and the Adriatic sea.Having the greatest discharge basin of the rivers flowing into the Adriatic Sea south of the Reno the Aterno has its origin in the Monti della Laga near Montereale.
 Rajiv Pratap Rudy (born on March 30 1962) is a Member of Parliament Rajya Sabha from Bihar India. He is a General Secretary of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He holds a Commercial Pilot's License with the specialization to fly the A-320 from the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)-approved SimCenter in Miami Florida. He is a member of BJP and RSS.
 Räpina paisjärv is a lake in Räpina Parish in the district of Polva in Estonia. It is in the southeast of the country close to the border with Russia.
 Symphygas is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Very Best of Chic & Sister Sledge is a compilation album of recordings by American R&B bands Chic and Sister Sledge released by Rhino Records/Warner Music in 1999. An expanded two-disc edition of the compilation was released by Warner Music in 2005 under the title Good Times: The Very Best of the Hits & the Remixes.
 Sit Down and Listen to Hooverphonic also known as Sit Down and Listen To is an album by the Belgian band Hooverphonic. It was recorded live with an orchestra but without any audience and was released in 2003. The only single released from this album is The Last Thing I Need Is You.
 Nuk (Persian: نوك‎ also Romanized as Nūk) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 43 families.
 The Secret of Red Gate Farm is the sixth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series written under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene It was first published in 1931.
 Anne Delvaux is a Belgian politician and a member of the cdH born on 20 October 1970 in Liège. She was elected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2007.
 Khasakkinte Itihasam is a path-breaking Malayalam novel written by the Indian writer O. V. Vijayan. First published in 1969 and generally referred to Khasak in literary circles the novel has run into fifty reprints in the last forty years making it the most popular and largest selling novel in South Asia. Khasakkinte Itihasam has also been translated into French and German.
 Eupithecia laquaearia is a species of moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in central and southern Europe and Russia.The length of the forewings is 12–15 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Euphrasia species. The Young larvae live in spun flowers of the hostplant. When older they live in groups close to the flowe or fruit. Larvae can be found in September.
 Country Homes & Interiors is published by IPC Media part of Time Inc. and is a magazine which focuses on country style interior design.
 Autumn Sun (Spanish: Sol de otoño) is a 1996 Argentine drama film directed by Eduardo Mignogna and starring Norma Aleandro and Federico Luppi. It was written by Mignogna and Santiago Carlos Oves. Lita Stantic was the executive producer.
 Il n'y a plus rien (English: There Is Nothing Anymore) is an album by Léo Ferré released in 1973 by Barclay Records.
 The Vengeance of Fu Manchu is a 1967 British film directed by Jeremy Summers starring Christopher Lee Tony Ferrer Douglas Wilmer and Tsai Chin. It was the third British/German Constantin Film co-production of the Fu Manchu series and the first to be filmed in Hong Kong.
 Template:SourcingTarantula is the second studio album released on October 12 2004 by Flickerstick via Idol Records.
 Jackpine Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1913 by Mary Jobe Akeley.</ref>
 Joe McHugh (born 16 July 1971) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He has been a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Donegal North–East constituency since May 2007.
 Bangued Christian Hospital is a private general hospital situated in Lorben's Hillside Compound Torrijos Street Zone V Bangued Abra. Bangued Christian Hospital (abbreviated hereafter as BCH) was established in the year 1948 and grew under the selfless contributions of Mennonite Disaster Service of the Mennonite Central Committee. The hospital is deeply rooted in the Anabaptist cause and is was once under the spiritual guidance of the United Church of Christ in the Philippines.
 Stephen Watt (born January 8 1956 in Newcastle Wyoming) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing District 17 since January 8 2013. Watt previously served two non-consecutive terms between 2001 and 2003 and 2005 and 2007 in the District 16 and District 17 seats. Watt was a candidate for Governor of Wyoming in 2002.
 Khaneh Hay Khodadad Atash Behar (Persian: خانه هاي خداداداتش بهار‎ also Romanized as Khāneh Hāy Khodādād Ātash Behār) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 29 families.
 The High Museum of Art (colloquially the High) located in Atlanta is the leading art museum in the Southeastern United States. Located on Peachtree Street in Midtown the city's arts district the High is a division of the Woodruff Arts Center. In 2010 it had 509000 visitors 95th among world art museums.
 Martin L. C. Wilmarth House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built about 1910 and is a square 2-story frame Colonial Revival–style residence. It is topped by a hipped roof with decorative balustrade. Also on the property is a 1 1⁄2-story frame carriage house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Wheatfield Soul is an album released in 1969 by Canadian rock band The Guess Who. It is notable as being the first full album by the band to feature Burton Cummings on lead vocals throughout. Lightfoot is a tribute to fellow Canadian Gordon Lightfoot while Friends of Mine is performed in the style of The Doors.
 Midan Morad (Persian: ميدان مراد‎ also Romanized as Mīdān Morād) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 27 families.
 Hamid Chitchian (Persian/Azeri: حمید چیت‌چیان born c. 1957) is an Iranian politician and the former intelligence head. He has been serving as energy minister of Iran since 15 August 2013.
 Lake Bogoria is a saline alkaline lake that lies in a volcanic region in a half-graben basin south of Lake Baringo Kenya a little north of the equator. Lake Bogoria like Lake Nakuru Lake Elmenteita and Lake Magadi further south in the Rift Valley and Lake Logipi to the north is home at times to one of the world's largest populations of Lesser Flamingos. The lake is a Ramsar site and Lake Bogoria National Reserve has been a protected National Reserve since November 29 1973.
 Rudolph Blankenburg School is a historic school building located in the Mill Creek neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1923-1925. It is a three-story nine bay by five bay brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival-style.
 Peter Laurence Crisp (born 22 May 1954) is an Australian politician. He has been a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly since 2006. He was formerly a Wentworth Shire Councillor.
 Queen Sized is a Lifetime drama telefilm that premiered on January 12 2008 starring Nikki Blonsky. The movie was made in Shreveport LA.
 Blind Alleys is a 1927 American silent romantic drama film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Evelyn Brent.
 Story of The Stones is a Rolling Stones compilation album released in the UK in 1982. The album reached number 24 on the UK charts.
 The Rajah; or Wyncot's Ward is a play by William Young which debuted at the Madison Square Theatre in New York on June 5 1883.The play is a romantic comedy where a hapless man becomes the guardian of his uncle's adopted daughter and eventually wins her love. Produced by Daniel Frohman at the Madison Square Theatre it was panned by critics but had a successful run of 256 nights before also being successful on the road.
 Ape and Essence (1948) is a novel by Aldous Huxley published by Chatto & Windus in the UK and Harper & Brothers in the US. It is set in a dystopia similar to that in Brave New World Huxley's more famous work. It is largely a satire of the rise of large-scale warfare and warmongering in the 20th century and presents a pessimistic view of the politics of mutually assured destruction.
 Chhitapokhari is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2314 persons living in 406 individual households.
 The Classic for Girls (simplified Chinese: 女儿经; traditional Chinese: 女兒經; pinyin: Nǔ ér jīng) is a 1934 Chinese film directed by Cheng Bugao Chen Kengran Li Pingqian Shen Xiling Xu Yinfu Yao Sufeng Zhang Shichuan and Zheng Zhengqiu.
 Bogdinac is a village in the municipality of Sokobanja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 201 people.
 Live at the Cow Palace is a live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead. It was recorded at the Cow Palace in Daly City California on New Year's Eve 1976. Released in 2007 it was the first Grateful Dead album produced under contract with Rhino Records. Pre-orders through the Grateful Dead Store received a bonus disc.
 Yem Sambaur (Khmer: យ៉ែម សម្បូរ Khmer pronunciation: [jaem sɑmbou]) (February 2 1913 – 1989 in Paris France) was a Cambodian politician and twice prime minister of Cambodia between 1949-50.Yem Sambaur was an influential political figure in Cambodia mainly during the turbulent years between the end of World War II and final achievement of independence in 1953.
 Amanabad (Persian: امان اباد‎ also Romanized as Amānābād) is a village in Ziarat Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 28 families.
 The Bride Was Beautiful (Hungarian: A menyasszony gyönyörű volt Italian: La sposa era bellissima) is a 1986 Hungarian-Italian drama film directed by Pál Gábor.
 Black City is the second album by Division of Laura Lee. It was originally released on February 4 2002 on Burning Heart Records
 Street Sounds Electro 10 is the tenth compilation album in a series and was released 1985 on the StreetSounds label. The album was released on LP and cassette and contains eight electro music and old school hip hop tracks mixed by Herbie Laidley.
 This book adventures of The Brown Girl in her search for God  written by Mr & Mrs I.I.Kazi is a sequel to The Black Girl in search of God written by Bernard Shaw.
 Sedliště (Jičín District) is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Being There is a satirical novel by the Polish born writer Jerzy Kosinski first published in 1970. Set in America the story concerns Chance a simple gardener who unwittingly becomes a much sought-after political pundit and commentator on the vagaries of the modern world.A film based on the book was made in 1979 for which Kosinski co-wrote the screenplay with Robert C. Jones.
 Peter F. Romero previously served as the United States Ambassador to Ecuador and as Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate and was appointed by President Bill Clinton in the Fall of 1993.[1]Romero previously spent 24 years in the United States Department of State. He received both his Bachelors and Masters degrees in International Relations from Florida State University.[2]
 Stephen John McGrail is an American politician who served in the Massachusetts Senate.
 En Vivo (English: Live) is the second live album by Mexican pop singer Mijares. This album was released on 2001 and it was produced by Manuel Mijares himself. It's kind of collection of his greatest hits. His special guest was his wife. This concert was recorded in the Auditorio Nacional of Mexico City between January 27/28 2001.[1]
 Belgica is a flightless midge genus in the family Chironomidae containing the two species: Belgica albipes and Belgica antarctica.
 Nandangadda is a coastal village located in Karwar Taluka of Uttara Kannada district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
 Daniel Ratthé (born 8 June 1956) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec who was elected to represent the riding of Blainville in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is an Independent MNA and a former member of the CAQ as well as a former member of the Parti Québécois.From 1976 to 1984 Ratthé worked for various positions at several radio stations in Laval including CFGL-FM (now Rhytme FM) and CIMO-FM.
 Bala Bandar Kheyl (Persian: بندارخيل‎ also Romanized as Bālā Bandār Kheyl; also known as Bandār Kheyl and Pendār Kheyl) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 5255 in 1385 families.
 Zakrzów [ˈzakʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 The Last Time is a studio album by Australian singer John Farnham. The album was released in Australia on 7 October 2002 and reached #1 in the ARIA charts with triple platinum status. The album featured three singles  including (No Ordinary World) (Keep Talking) and the title song (The Last Time) written by Mick Jagger And Keith Richards of The Rolling Stones.
 The Vrbas (Cyrillic: Врбас) is a major river with a length of 235 km in western Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is a right tributary of the Sava river. The city of Banja Luka is located on the river banks.
 Ruine Schmirnberg is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Robin Berry Janvrin Baron Janvrin GCB GCVO QSO PC (born 20 September 1946 Cheltenham England UK) was the Private Secretary to Queen Elizabeth II from February 1999 to September 2007. Janvrin was also a Trustee of the Queen's 80th Birthday Trust and is the chairman of trustees of the The Royal Foundation of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry.
 Psychotic Reactions and Carburetor Dung: The Work of a Legendary Critic: Rock 'n' Roll as Literature and Literature as Rock 'n' Roll is a collection of essays written by famous rock music critic Lester Bangs. Named for a 1971 article of the same title it was edited by Greil Marcus and released in 1987 five years after Bangs' death.
 Fort Craig was a U.S. Army fort located along El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro near Elephant Butte Lake State Park and the Rio Grande in Socorro County New Mexico.The Fort Craig site was approximately 1050 feet east-west by 600 feet north-south (320 by 180 m) and was located on 40 acres (16 hectares).
 North Caribou Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 The Wonderful Ice Cream Suit is a 1998 film set in East Los Angeles directed by Stuart Gordon written by Ray Bradbury and starring Edward James Olmos Joe Mantegna Esai Morales Clifton Collins Jr. (credited as Clifton Gonzalez Gonzalez) Sid Caesar Howard Morris and Gregory Sierra. Despite some well-known actors and the writing credit of Bradbury the film was released direct-to-video by Touchstone Pictures.
 Punaroor is a village in the Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka India. Punarur can be reached from either from Suratkal or Mulky. The Vishwanatha Temple in Punaroor attracts thousands of devotees. There are marriage halls within the temple premises. Many marriages takes place here per Hindu tradition. Harikrishna Punaroor a native of the village has been president of Karnataka Sahitya Parishat.
 Poor Murderer was a 1976 Broadway play written by Pavel Kohout that premiered at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on October 20 1976 and closed on January 2 1977 after 87 performances.
 Cùl Beag is a mountain in Assynt in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland. It is 15 km north of Ullapool and lies to the south of Cùl Mòr and to the east of the more well known but lower Stac Pollaidh.Cùl Beag is within the Drumrunie Estate which was purchased in a community buyout in 2005. It is now owned by the Assynt Foundation.
 Egg! Egg! A Hardboiled Story (Swedish: Ägget är löst! alternative title The Softening of the Egg) is a 1975 Swedish black comedy film directed by Hans Alfredson starring Gösta Ekman Max von Sydow and Birgitta Andersson. Alfredson won the award for Best Director at the 11th Guldbagge Awards.
 The Prairie: A Tale (1827) is a novel by James Fenimore Cooper the third novel written by him featuring Natty Bumppo. His fictitious frontier hero Bumppo is never called by his name but is instead referred to as the trapper or the old man. Chronologically The Prairie is the fifth and final installment of the Leatherstocking Tales though it was published before The Pathfinder (1841) and The Deerslayer (1842).
 The J. C. Penney Company Building in Shoshone Idaho United States is a historic department store building. It was built in 1918 by stonemason Ignacio Berriochoa.The building was identified in a Thematic Resource study Lava Rock Structures in South Central Idaho thematic group and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 William Lowthian Green (1819–1890) was an English adventurer and merchant who later became cabinet minister in the Kingdom of Hawaii. As an amateur geologist he published a theory of the formation of the earth called the tetrahedral hypothesis.
 It Always Rains on Sunday is a 1947 British film adaptation of Arthur La Bern's novel by the same name directed by Robert Hamer. The film has been compared with the Poetic realism movement in the French cinema of a few years earlier by the British writers Robert Murphy in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography and Graham Fuller.
 Orville B. Bud Fitch II is a former Deputy Attorney General for the U.S. State of New Hampshire and became the Acting Attorney General for New Hampshire when Kelly Ayotte resigned on July 16 2009. He resigned in December 2010 to join Ayotte's staff. Previously he served as a Senior Assistant Attorney General heading the Civil Bureau of the New Hampshire Department of Justice.
 The Tucha Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains located north of Ingenika River and south of Tucha Creek in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Sounds of Christmas is the 21st album released by the vocalist Johnny Mathis. It was his 17th original studio album with four compilations of hit singles having been released by the singer to this point. It was his second Christmas album originally released on Mercury Records in 1963.
 Apne ('Ours') is a 2007 Bollywood sports drama film directed by Anil Sharma. This is the first and one of the three films to feature real life father and sons Dharmendra Sunny Deol and Bobby Deol together. Sunny and Bobby had worked together before in Dillagi and Dharmendra and Sunny had also appeared together in Sultanat (1986) and Kshatrya (1993). Kiron Kher Shilpa Shetty and Katrina Kaif play the female leads.
 Siberian Education (Italian: Educazione siberiana) is a 2013 Italian crime-drama film directed by Gabriele Salvatores. It is based on the autobiographic novel with the same name written by Nicolai Lilin. The film was nominated to 11 David di Donatello awards including best film and best director. Mauro Pagani won the Ciak d'oro for best score.
 Kudirithe Kappu Coffee is a 2011 Telugu film directed by Ramana Salva who has worked as a cinematographer for the movie Village Lo Vinayakudu. He makes his debut as a director with this film. The duo Mahi and Shiva who also produced Village Lo Vinayakudu are jointly producing this movie under the banner of Shiva Productions and Moon Water Pictures. Varun Sandesh acts in the lead role along with the debutant actress Suma Bhattacharya in the opposite lead role.
 James A. Finnegan (December 20 1906 – March 26 1958) was a Democratic politician from Philadelphia Pennsylvania.
 Mask is the second studio album by English post-punk band Bauhaus. It was released in October 1981 on record label Beggars Banquet.
 The Scarce Brindle (Apamea lateritia) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in much of Eurasia. It is a sporadic migrant in Great Britain where it is recorded from the east and south-east coasts.The wingspan is about 42–50 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on the roots of grasses.
 T-Bird at Ako is a 1982 Filipino film that stars 2 of the Philippines' best actresses the Superstar Nora Aunor and the Star for all Season Vilma Santos.
 Half Light is a 2006 mystery-horror drama film starring Demi Moore and Hans Matheson. It was directed by Craig Rosenberg who also penned the screenplay.The score was composed by Craig's brother Brett Rosenberg.
 Greetings is a 2004 Malayalam film by Shajoon Karyal starring Jayasurya and Kavya Madhavan.
 Ischia (Italian pronunciation: [ˈiskja]) is a volcanic island in the Tyrrhenian Sea. It lies at the northern end of the Gulf of Naples about 30 kilometres (19 miles) from the city of Naples. It is the largest of the Phlegrean Islands. Roughly trapezoidal it measures approximately 10 km (6 miles) east to west and 7 km (4 miles) north to south and has about 34 km (21 miles) of coastline and a surface area of 46.3 square kilometres (17.9 sq mi).
 First Blood... Last Cuts is the first compilation album by the American heavy metal band W.A.S.P.. It was released in 1994 and it was the first time the song Animal (Fuck Like a Beast) previously only released on a single was released on an album. The album also included two new tracks Sunset and Babylon and Rock and Roll to Death. Rock and Roll to Death was later released on Still Not Black Enough with Sunset and Babylon remaining exclusive to this CD. L.O.V.E.
 Sunshine Superman is the third album from British singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the US in September 1966 but was not released in the UK because of a contractual dispute. In June 1967 a compilation of the Sunshine Superman and Mellow Yellow albums was released as Sunshine Superman in the UK. Sunshine Superman was named after Donovan's hit single released in the US in July 1966.
 We Are One is the second album by Philadelphia Pennsylvania jazz group Pieces Of A Dream.
 Live at Queen Elizabeth Hall is a live recording of Brett's 20 October 2007 concert at the Queen Elizabeth Hall London. It comes on 2 CDs and was limited to 1500 copies. It was made available to concert-goers at the concert minutes after the conclusion of the set.This is the third and final live recording to be released from Brett's first solo album and was recorded at the first of two special performances at Queen Elizabeth Hall to promote the album.
 First Congregational Church is a church of the United Church of Christ located in downtown Long Beach California. The church occupies a historic red brick structure that was built in 1914. The Italian Romanesque Revival building has been designated as a Long Beach Historic Landmark and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 The Padina Șirnii River is a headwater of the Padina Dâncioarei River in Romania. The hiking trek from Dâmbovicioara village to Mount Ciocanu runs along the Padina Șirnii River.
 The Pârâul Cupa is a tributary of the Cupele River in Romania.
 Sherlock Holmes and the Baskerville Case is a 1983 Australian film.
 Donald Lehe is a Republican member of the Indiana House of Representatives representing the 15th District since 2002. In 2006 Lehe retained his seat garnering only 26 votes more than his challenger.
 Anelosimus luckyi is a species of spider found in Papua New Guinea. It is known only from the holotype specimen found by Andrea Lucky in 2009 and after whom the species is named. It was discovered in Western Province at an elevation of 1587 metres (5207 ft). It has a distinctive embolus which differentiates it from other species. The sociality of the species is not known.
 The Black Country Living Museum (formerly The Black Country Museum) is an open-air museum of rebuilt historic buildings in Dudley in the West Midlands of England. It is close to Dudley Castle in the centre of the Black Country conurbation. The museum occupies 105000 square metres (26 acres) of former industrial land partly reclaimed from a former railway goods yard disused lime kilns and former coal pits.
 Long Island also known as Long Island of the Holston is an island in the Holston River at Kingsport in eastern Tennessee. The Long Island was a sacred council and treaty site among the Cherokee. Daniel Boone began from here to clear the Wilderness Road through the Cumberland Gap in 1775. It is a U.S. National Historic Landmark District.
 Salso Lake is a lake in the Province of Foggia Apulia Italy.
 Klępnica [klɛmpˈɲit͡sa] (German: Glietzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Łobez and 79 km (49 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has an approximate population of 80.
 West Mall (Chinese: 威城; pinyin: Wēi Chéng) is a shopping centre located in Bukit Batok Singapore.Opening in 1998 the 8 storey mall includes a total gross floor area of 283000 square feet (26300 m2) sitting on a land area of 106000 square feet (9800 m2).
 William Mitchell (March 14 1851 – May 10 1926) was a Canadian politician.Born in Durham Township Canada West the son of Thomas Mitchell and Margaret Patrick both from the north of Ireland Mitchell started working for a railway company in Maine. He moved back to Durham where he worked in the lumber business. He later moved to Drummondville Quebec where he also worked in the lumber business. He was appointed to the Senate of Canada in 1904 by Wilfrid Laurier.
 Bert och badbrudarna (Swedish: Bert and the bath chicks) is a diary novel written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1993 it tells the story of Bert Ljung from 5 June to 23 August during the calendar year he turns 15 during the summer break between the 8th and 9th grade at school in Sweden. The book uses the 1992 almanac following the Gregorian calendar but no specific year is mentioned.Just like Berts bekännelser the book uses chapter names as well as dates.
 Sultan Ismail Building is the meeting places for the Johor State Legislative Assembly. It is located in Kota Iskandar Nusajaya Malaysia. The architecture is a distinctive blend of Moorish-Andalusian and Johor-Malay design. There are two distinctive skylights: one shaped like a diamond and another like a pineapple a symbol of Johor's economic prosperity. Ihe State Legastive Assembly Hall is Malaysia's first parliament that's open to the public.
 Gekkou is a DVD released by Japanese singer Gackt on August 6 2003.
 Zyzzyva is a triannual magazine of writers and artists. It places an emphasis on showcasing emerging voices and never before published writers in addition to the already established. Based in San Francisco it began publishing in 1985. ZYZZYVA's slogan is The Last Word referring to zyzzyva the last word in the American Heritage Dictionary. A zyzzyva is an American weevil. The accent is on the first syllable.
 Parallel Worlds; A Journey Through Creation Higher Dimensions and the Future of the Cosmos is a popular science book by Michio Kaku first published in 2005.
 Old Lady 31 is a 1920 silent comedy drama film produced and distributed by Metro Pictures and directed by John Ince. It is based on a novel by Louise Forsslund turned into a play by Rachel Crothers. The film starred actress Emma Dunn reprising her 1916 stage success for the screen. The film was remade in 1940 as The Captain Is a Lady.
 Jazz Impressions of New York is a jazz album released by Dave Brubeck. It developed out of Brubeck's association with the CBS television show Mr.
 Play On is the third studio album by American country singer Carrie Underwood. It was released in the United States on November 3 2009.The album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 with first week sales of 318000 copies; and rated as the highest first week sales for a female artist in 2009 before being overtaken by Susan Boyle a few weeks later. It is her second album to debut at number one on the Billboard 200 and her third to debut atop the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Preetinder Singh Preet Bharara (born 1968) is an Indian American attorney and the current U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York. In 2012 Bharara was named by Time magazine as one of The 100 Most Influential People in the World and by India Abroad as its 2011 Person of the Year. Bharara was also featured on a cover of Time Magazine entitled This Man is Busting Wall Street for his office's prosecutions of insider trading and other financial fraud on Wall Street.
 A Dangerous Fortune was written by British author Ken Follett in 1993. The story is set against the backdrop of collapse of a bank in 1892. The book also features Follett's first female villain the domineering sexy and unscrupulous Augusta.
 Eyes on Tomorrow is a 1991 album of South African singer Miriam Makeba.
 Plectroglyphidodon johnstonianus is a damselfish from the Indo-Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 14 cm in length.
 Kembo Dugish Campbell Mohadi is a Zimbabwean politician currently serving as the Minister of Home Affairs. Having previously served as Deputy Minister of Local Government he was appointed as Minister of Home Affairs in August 2002.Mohadi was nominated by ZANU-PF as its candidate for the House of Assembly seat from Beitbridge East constituency in Matabeleland South in the March 2008 parliamentary election.
 Sadakazu Tanigaki (谷垣 禎一 Tanigaki Sadakazu born March 7 1945) is a conservative Japanese politician who served as Minister of Finance from 2003 to 2006 in the cabinet of Jun'ichirō Koizumi. He also served as Minister of Construction and Transport in the cabinet of Yasuo Fukuda and served his ninth term as a member of the House of Representatives representing Kyoto's Fifth District.
 Sir Charles Ernest St. John Branch KC (2 June 1865 - d. 1939) was the 23rd Chief Justice of Ceylon. He was appointed on 3 July 1925 succeeding Anton Bertram and was Chief Justice until 25 May 1926. He was succeeded by Stanley Fisher.
 The Mid-America All-Indian Center is an American museum dedicated to the history and culture of Native Americans specifically focusing on the Plains Indians of the U.S. and Canada. The museum which is located along the Arkansas River in the Riverside neighborhood of Wichita Kansas is considered the only facility solely dedicated to Native American culture in the U.S. state of Kansas.
 Amsoldingersee is small lake adjacent to the town of Amsoldingen in the Upper Gürbetal. It is located near the city of Thun Switzerland. The lake has a surface area of 38 hectares and a maximum length of 1.1 km and width of 500 m. The maximum depth is 14 m. It is fed by Rotmoos-Bach from the smaller Uebeschisee.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Hector Authier (November 4 1881 – April 14 1971) was a Canadian politician lawyer and news reporter/announcer.
 Albela (translation: Besotted) is a Hindi film released on 20 April 2001. It was directed by Deepak Sareen and stars Govinda and Aishwarya Rai as the lead protagonists.Upon release the film opened to mixed reviews and was declared as an average performer at the box office.
 The Chinese Crested Tern (Thalasseus bernsteini syn. Sterna bernsteini - see Bridge et al. 2005) is a seabird of the tern family Sternidae closely related to Sandwich Tern T. sandvicensis and Lesser Crested Tern T. bengalensis. It is most similar to the former differing only in the bill pattern which is the reverse of the Sandwich Tern's being yellow with a black tip.
 Introducing Payola$ is the four-song EP with which the Payolas made their major label debut on A&M Records.
 Nannostomus grandis is a freshwater species of fish belonging to the genus Nannostomus in the Lebiasinidae family of characins. This species is closely related to Nannostomus beckfordi being somewhat similar in coloration but with a more elongated body. It has been described[citation needed] as the largest member of the genus Nannostomus; however N. harrisoni consistently reaches a mature length in excess of 60 mm and is the more likely claimant for that distinction.
 Philip D. Murphy (born 1957) is an American businessman and the former United States Ambassador to Germany. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on August 7 2009. Murphy arrived with his family in Berlin on August 21 2009. On May 29 2013 it was announced that Murphy was stepping down.Born in the Boston Massachusetts area Murphy graduated from Harvard University in 1979 where he was President of the Hasty Pudding Theatricals with an A.B. in Economics and received an M.B.A.
 In Between is the fifth studio album by Paul van Dyk released on 14 August 2007. The album features a wide range of collaborations including David Byrne of Talking Heads Jessica Sutta of the Pussycat Dolls Ashley Tomberlin of Luminary Alex M.O.R.P.H. Lo-Fi Sugar Rea Garvey of Reamonn Ryan Merchant and Wayne Jackson. The latter had collaborated earlier with Paul van Dyk on the song The Other Side.
 Mount Penanggungan is a small stratovolcano located immediately on the north side of Arjuno-Welirang volcanic complex in East Java province Java island Indonesia. Several Hindu-Buddhist sanctuaries sacred places and monuments are located on the mountain dating from AD 977–1511. Lava flows and pyroclastic deposits are found around the volcano.
 Low is the eleventh studio album by British musician David Bowie co-produced by Bowie and Tony Visconti. Widely regarded as one of Bowie's most influential releases Low was the first of the Berlin Trilogy a series of collaborations with Brian Eno (though the album was mainly recorded in France and only mixed in West Berlin). The experimental avant-garde style would be further explored on Heroes and Lodger. The album's working title was New Music Night and Day.
 Perfect Timing is the first album by the McAuley Schenker Group. It was the first collaboration between Michael Schenker and Robin McAuley (ex-Grand Prix and Far Corporation) resulting in Schenker's first top 100 US hit with the song Gimme Your Love.At this point the band featured an eclectic mix of musicians in terms of nationalities. McAuley hails from Ireland originally while Schenker and drummer Bodo Schopf are both from Germany.
 Joseph Haslet (1769 – June 20 1823) was an American planter and politician from Cedar Creek Village in Cedar Creek Hundred Sussex County Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic-Republican Party who served twice as Governor of Delaware.
 The Bolivian Spinetail or Inquisivi Spinetail (Cranioleuca henricae) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family which was discovered in 1993 near Inquisivi in the department of La Paz.It is endemic to Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and plantations .It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Karindalam is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India. As of 2001 India census Karindalam had a population of 5690 with 2795 males and 2895 females.
 Uribante River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 David Christy Butler (December 15 1829 – May 25 1891) was a U.S. political figure. He was the first Governor of Nebraska serving from 1867 until 1871. He was the first Governor of Nebraska after statehood and the only Nebraska Governor to date to be impeached.
 The New Haven Green is a 16-acre (65000 m2) privately owned park and recreation area located in the downtown district of the city of New Haven Connecticut. It comprises the central square of the nine-square settlement plan of the original Puritan colonists in New Haven and was designed and surveyed by colonist John Brockett. Today the Green is bordered by the modern paved roads of College Chapel Church and Elm streets.
 A Day for a Miracle (original title: Das Wunder von Kärnten) is a TV movie directed by Andreas Prochaska in 2011 and produced by Rowboat Film- und Fernsehproduktion and Graf Film for public German TV channel ZDF and Austrian ORF. The film is based on real events telling the story of a 3-year-old girl from Austria who fell into the lake behind her parent's house in 1998 and had been under water for 30 minutes when she was found.
 The Hotel New Grand (ホテルニューグランド) (JASDAQ: 9720) is a historic hotel in Yokohama Japan overlooking Yamashita Park. It opened in 1927 four years after the Great Kantō earthquake devastated much of the city.
 General Alexander B. Yano was the 38th Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces of the Philippines the highest position in the AFP hierarchy. His Vice Chief of Staff was Lt. Gen. Cardozo M. Luna and his Deputy Chief of Staff was Lt. Gen. Rodrigo F. Maclang. Alexander Yano also served as the commander of the Philippine Army and Southern Luzon Command. He is also the first general born from Mindanao
 Kunstteich Neudorf (Bach) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Bel'kovich is a large lunar crater of the form termed a walled plain. The formation has been heavily eroded by a history of subsequent impacts leaving it reshaped worn and the features softened and rounded. Bel'kovich is located along the northeastern limb of the Moon and so its visibility is subject to libration effects.
 Oodinkosa is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Oodinkosa crassula Straneo 1939 Oodinkosa massarti (Burgeon 1935) Oodinkosa punctulata Straneo 1951↑
 Placunidae are a taxonomic family of saltwater clams marine bivalve mollusks which are related to oysters and scallops.This family is best known for the shells of the species Placuna placenta which are translucent and are commonly used in shellcraft production.The family is closely related to the Anomiidae (saddle oysters). One of the main differences is that the Placunidae do not attach themselves to a hard surface - instead they are a mud-living family.
 John Thornton (April 3 1823 – February 17 1888) was an American-born merchant farmer and political figure in Quebec. He represented Stanstead in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1875 to 1878 and from 1881 to 1886 as a Conservative.He was born in Derby Vermont the son of John L. Thornton and Dolly Bagley and was educated there and at Stanstead College. He came to Lower Canada in 1841 and set up business at Barnston later moving to Coaticook.
 End Of My Road is an EP by Harmony released through Ulterium Records on 2008.
 Huis ten Bosch (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɦœy̆s tɛn bɔs]; English: House in the Woods) is a royal palace in The Hague in the Netherlands. It is one of three official residences of the Dutch Royal Family the other two being Noordeinde Palace in The Hague and the Royal Palace in Amsterdam.Huis ten Bosch has been the home of former Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands since 1981; the current King Willem-Alexander and his family have announced plans to move into the palace in the near future.
 B-Sides & Rarities is a compilation album by the alternative metal band Deftones. It consists of a CD and a DVD. While the CD brings a collection of previously released and unreleased b-sides with it the DVD contains multimedia from the band including a complete videography. It was released in 2005 through Maverick Records.
 My Neighbor Seki (となりの関くん Tonari no Seki-kun) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Takuma Morishige. The series follows a girl named Rumi Yokoi who is constantly distracted by her neighboring classmate Toshinari Seki as he indulges in elaborate hobbies and somehow never gets caught in the process. Originally published as a one-shot in 2010 it started serialization in the November 2010 issue of Media Factory's Comic Flapper magazine.
 László Piros (10 May 1917 – 13 January 2006) was a Hungarian communist politician and soldier who served as Interior Minister between 1954 and 1956. He fought in the Second World War but he was captured by the Soviets at Voronezh (January 1943). After that he took part in the antifascist movements. Piros worked as a partisan during the end of the war. He was a member of the Provisional National Assembly.
 Electronic Games was the first dedicated video game magazine published in the United States and ran from October 1981 to 1997 under different titles. It was co-founded by Bill Kunkel and Arnie Katz and is unrelated to the subsequent Electronic Gaming Monthly.
 Łubno [ˈwubnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 The White Sheik is a 1928 British silent adventure film directed by Harley Knoles and starring Lillian Hall-Davis Jameson Thomas and Warwick Ward. It was based on the novel King's Mate by Rosita Forbes.
 Amphipneustes tumescens is a species of sea urchin of the family Temnopleuridae. Their armour is covered with spines. It is placed in the genus Amphipneustes and lives in the sea. Amphipneustes tumescens was first scientifically described in 1926 by Koehler.
 Edward Vivian Robertson (May 27 1881 – April 15 1963) was a United States Senator from Wyoming.Born in Cardiff Wales he served in the Third Battalion of the Welsh Regiment during the Second Boer War from 1899 to 1902. He then engaged in mechanical and electric power engineering from 1902 to 1912. Robertson emigrated to the United States in 1912 and settled in Park County Wyoming.
 High Street (French: Rue Haute) is a 1976 Belgian drama film directed by André Ernotte. The film was selected as the Belgian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 49th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Wałdowo [vau̯ˈdɔvɔ] (German: Waldau B) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kisielice within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Richard Theodore Greener (January 30 1844 – May 2 1922) was the first African-American graduate of Harvard College and dean of the Howard University School of Law.
 Bagh-e Nasr (Persian: باغ نصر‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Naṣr) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 9 families.
 Crobylophora metallifera is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family that is endemic to South Africa.
 The Moonstone Castle Mystery is the fortieth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1963 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 No Name Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is just north of Pumpelly Pillar in the Two Medicine region of Glacier National Park. No Name Lake is a 5 miles (8.0 km) hike from the Two Medicine Store.
 Temple Sinai is a Reform synagogue located at 3509 South Glencoe in Denver Colorado.
 Stephensia major is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It was described by Kearfott in 1907. It is found in North America.
 Souleye is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Macina in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune covers an area of approximately 388 square kilometers and includes 10 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 9885.
 Scarabaeus satyrus is one of the Old World dung beetle species. These beetles roll a ball of dung for some distance from where it was deposited and bury it excavating an underground chamber to house it. An egg is then laid in the ball the growing larva feeding on the dung pupating and eventually emerging as an adult.
 Canadian Journal of Experimental Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Canadian Psychological Association. It was established in 1947 and covers research in experimental psychology. The current editor-in-chief is Penny M. Pexman of UCalgary.
 Artūras Paulauskas [ɐrˈt̪uːrɐs̪ pɐʊˈɫɐ̂ˑʊs̪kɐs̪] (born 23 August 1953 in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian politician. He was the Speaker of Seimas the parliament of Lithuania from 2000 to 2006 and he served as Acting President of Lithuania from 6 April 2004 to 12 July 2004.
 John David Ashcroft (born May 9 1942) is an American attorney and politician who served as the 79th U.S. Attorney General (2001–05) in the George W. Bush Administration. He later founded The Ashcroft Group a Washington D.C. lobbying firm.Ashcroft previously served as the 50th Governor of Missouri (1985–93) winning two terms in succession a historical first for a Republican Party candidate in the state; and as a U.S. Senator from Missouri (1995–2001).
 Uptown Somerset Historic District is a national historic district located at Somerset in Somerset County Pennsylvania. The district includes 190 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 1 contributing object. It encompasses an area centered on the county government complex and Somerset County Courthouse with the surrounding commercial district residential areas and cemetery.
 The Course of Time is a ten-book poem in blank verse first published in 1827. It was the last published and most famous work of Scottish poet Robert Pollok.
 See Angkor and Die is a 1993 Cambodian romantic drama film directed by Norodom Sihanouk.
 The Great Ice Rip-Off is a 1974 American television movie directed by Dan Curtis. It premiered on ABC as the ABC Movie of the Week on November 6 1974. It is a comedic heist film about a group of diamond thieves who use a bus headed from Seattle to San Diego for their getaway.Variety reviewed the film as having enough sharp corners to keep viewers alert and Curtis' eye for human foibles manages to get laughs.
 I giorni contati (internationally released as His Days Are Numbered and Numbered Days) is a 1962 Italian drama film directed by Elio Petri. It was awarded best film at the Mar del Plata Film Festival. It also won the Silver Ribbon for Best Original Story.
 Komorów [kɔˈmɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Stąporków 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Końskie and 23 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 610.
 Business Mirror is the second business newspaper in the Philippines that is published on a daily basis after BusinessWorld. It was founded in 2005 by T. Antonio Chua-Cabangon who is also its publisher and the owner of radio network Aliw Broadcasting Corporation. As of September 2011 Business Mirror has a daily circulation of 82600.
 Keykaleh (Persian: كيكله‎; also known as Kepkaleh') is a village in Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District Zand District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 45 families.
 Babel (Persian: بابل‎ also Romanized as Bābel; also known as Bābol-e Mashūsh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 46 families.
 Carbonellia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Carbonellia jolyi Mateu 1985 Carbonellia platensis (Berg 1883) Carbonellia atra (Mateu 1972)↑
 Live at the BBC is a double compact disc album by British blues rock band Fleetwood Mac recorded at various BBC radio sessions between 1967 and 1971. It contains many tracks by Fleetwood Mac which are otherwise unavailable.
 Vaceuchelus saguili is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae.
 The Brothers is a fantasy novella written by American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It was first published by DAW Books in 1986 in Visible Light a collection of her short fiction and was republished in 2004 in The Collected Short Fiction of C. J. Cherryh.The story draws on Celtic mythology and includes the realm of Faery and the fay race of the Sídhe.
 Beyond Lies the Wub is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Gollancz in 1988 and reprints Volume I of The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick.
 Dots and Loops is the fifth studio album by the band Stereolab released in September 1997. Andi Toma and Jan St. Werner of Mouse on Mars contribute to several tracks and the album was produced by Andi Toma. The song Parsec was used in the launch of the Volkswagen New Beetle. There is also a club in Manchester which takes its name from the album.
 Arnulfo P. Fuentabella (born October 29 1945) was the Speaker of the Philippine House of Representatives from 2000 to 2001. He is now a representative of Camarines Sur.
 SuperBike is a monthly British motorcycling magazine. In addition to motorcycles the magazine features reviews of race bikes dirt bikes and others.
 Abdoltajj od Din (Persian: عبدالتاجدين‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdoltājj od Dīn; also known as ‘Abd ot Tāj ad Dīn ‘Abd ot Tāj od Dīn Abdul Tāj Dīn and ‘Abowl Tājed Dīn) is a village in Fash Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 704 in 147 families.
 Anastrangalia is a genus of beetle in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species:Anastrangalia dissimilis (Casey 1891)Anastrangalia dubia (Scopoli 1763)Anastrangalia haldemani (Casey 1891)Anastrangalia kasaharai (Makihara 2002)Anastrangalia laetifica (LeConte 1859)Anastrangalia montana (Mulsant & Rey 1863)Anastrangalia renardi (Gebler 1848)Anastrangalia reyi (Heyden 1889)Anastrangalia sanguinea (LeConte 1859)Anastrangalia sanguinolenta (Linnaeus 1761)Anastrangalia scotodes (Bates 1873)↑
 Bobrowa Wola [bɔˈbrɔva ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Żyraków 10 km (6 mi) north of Dębica and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Voyage to Isis is the second album by industrial band Delta-S released in December 2007 on WindM Records. The songs The Phoenix Effect Denial Wastelands Erase Rapture of the Deep and Waiting for the Sunrise can all currently be heard on the band's MySpace page.
 Agrotis trifurca is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Turkestan Siberia south-eastern Ukraine the Altai Mountains Tibet China Mongolia the Amur region and the Korean Peninsula. It is also found in the eastern Carpathian Mountains in Romania.
 The Ouțul River is a tributary of the Cicârlău River in Romania.
 Ruby Hall Clinic is a prominent hospital in Pune India. It is a 550-bed hospital facility with a staff of 150 consultants 500 panel doctors and 1400 paramedical staff and was accredited by National Accreditation Board for Hospitals & Healthcare Providers (NABH) in November 2009.
 Set the Twilight Reeling is the seventeenth solo album by rock musician Lou Reed. Finish Line was written as a tribute to Velvet Underground guitarist Sterling Morrison who had died the previous year.[citation needed]
 Calling Over Time is the debut album of Edith Frost released on April 22 1997 through Drag City.
 Hammond Castle is located on the Atlantic coast in the Magnolia area of Gloucester Massachusetts. The castle which was constructed between 1926 and 1929 was the home and laboratory of John Hays Hammond Jr. He was an inventor who was a pioneer in the study of remote control and held over four hundred patents.
 Templeglantine officially Templeglentan (Irish: Teampall an Ghleanntáin meaning church of the little glen) is a village in West County Limerick Ireland between Newcastle West and Abbeyfeale on the N21 national primary route - the main road from Limerick to Tralee. The village is approximately 55 kilometres southwest Limerick City and roughly 45 kilometres east of Tralee.
 Daljina is the third studio album of Serbian pop singer Vlado Georgiev released on June 6 2013.
 Ewina [ɛˈvina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Żytno 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 93 km (58 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Juler (Persian: جولر‎ also Romanized as Jūler) is a village in Haparu Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 361 in 68 families.
 Ornette on Tenor is the eighth album by the American jazz composer and saxophonist Ornette Coleman released in 1962 on Atlantic Records his sixth and final one for the label. It features Coleman playing tenor saxophone rather than his usual alto and bassist Jimmy Garrison before he joined the John Coltrane Quartet. This would be the last record by the Coleman Quartet started in the 1950s; he would disband this group and form the Coleman Trio later in the year.
 Cristóbal Téllez de Almanza was an auditor licentiate taking over military affairs before becoming the 12th governor of the Philippines under Spanish colonial rule. The series of Japanese insurrections began just last year 1606 when a son of a Japanese was killed by a Spaniard. The Japanese then plotted a revolt. The second Japanese insurrection occurred in 1607.
 Children of the Storm (2003) is the 15th in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.
 Levi-Civita is a lunar crater formation that lies on the far side of the Moon. It is located just to the southwest of the large walled plain Gagarin and nearly as close to the crater Pavlov to the south-southwest. To the northwest of Levi-Civita lies the smaller crater Pirquet.This is an eroded crater formation with smaller impacts along the rim and within the interior.
 The Burlington Montgomery Ward Building is a historic former department store building located at 52-54 Church Street between Cherry and Bank Streets in the Church Street Marketplace of downtown Burlington Vermont.
 Qaleh Sangi (Persian: قلعه سنگي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sangī) is a village in Simakan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 30 families.
 Blues Caravan is a 1962 studio album by Buddy Rich and a sextet. Rich later took this sextet on a United States Department of State tour of the Far East and Asia.
 De ortolaan is a novel by Dutch author Maarten 't Hart. It was first published in 1984.
 Arabhavi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gokak taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka. There is a college of horticulture here attached to University of Horticulture Sciences Bagalkot.
 U mojoj sobi (Serbian: In My Room) is a second studio album by Serbian pop singer Aleksandra Kovač. It was released in 2009.The album contains 11 songs out of which one is sung in Spanish and one in English language. All the songs off the album produced Aleksandra Kovač herself.
 Furious Slaughter is a 1972 Hong Kong film. It stars Jimmy Wang Yu.
 The Right to Rock is the second studio album by American glam metal band Keel. It was the first to be produced by Kiss's Gene Simmons under their new label Gold Mountain Records (which was distributed by A&M Records at the time). When the band started recording the album drummer Bobby Marks left. He was replaced by different drummers: Fred Coury (who went on to join Cinderella) Barry Brandt (of Angel) and Steve Riley (who subsequently left to join the band W.A.S.P.).
 Charles Tait (February 1 1768 – October 7 1835) was an American politician. A Democratic Republican he served as a United States Senator from Georgia and later as a United States federal judge.
 Love Is is the title of the second album released by American country music artist Kevin Sharp. The two singles released from the album Love Is All That Really Matters and If She Only Knew both failed to reach the top 40 in the charts while the album itself reached #36 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. Her Heart Is Only Human was originally recorded by Ty Herndon on his 1996 album Living in a Moment.
 Turew [ˈturɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Kościan and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 760.There is an 18th-century manor house in Turew which until the Second World War belonged to the aristocratic Dryja-Chłapowski family.
 The Black Theater of Ardmore is a historic theater building in Ardmore Oklahoma United States. It was built in 1922 during a time of racial segregation when Ardmore's community of more than 2000 African American residents had its own business district and its own residential area. The theater provided entertainment for black residents who were excluded from patronizing white theaters. It is also a symbol to the once-thriving black business district of Ardmore.
 Eric Linkord (Link) Byfield (born circa 1952) is a news columnist author and politician.
 Ariathisa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Proof of Life is the fourth studio album released by the American electronic body music/futurepop band Cesium_137
 Servants of the Wankh is the second science fiction adventure novel in the tetralogy Tschai Planet of Adventure. Written by Jack Vance it tells of the efforts of the sole survivor of a human starship destroyed by an unknown enemy to return to Earth from the distant planet Tschai.
 Herald Media is a newspaper corporation located in Seoul South Korea and founded in 1953. It publishes the Korea Herald Herald Business Junior Herald and Campus Herald.
 Osceola Town Hall is a historic town hall located at Osceola in Lewis County New York. It was built in 1882 as Osceola Methodist Church. It is a one story three bay wide four bay deep Carpenter Gothic building surmounted by a steeply pitched metal clad gable roof with decorative wood trim. In the 1920s it was converted for use as a town hall and later a library as well.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Red River is a perennial river with no defined major catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Die Wahrheit übers Lügen (The truth about lying) is the second album by Farin Urlaub Racing Team and the fourth album by Farin Urlaub.As FURT was initially Farin Urlaub's live band it was previously used on the live album Livealbum of Death. This is the first studio album (being the third overall) in which Farin Urlaub incorporates his Racing Team.The album was released with a short bonus album Ponyhof just as Jazz ist anders was.
 Nahal Alexander (Hebrew: נחל אלכסנדר‎) is a river in Israel that flows from the mountains of Samaria to the Mediterranean Sea north of Netanya. The length of the river is about 45 km. Several small streams flow into Nahal Alexander: Nablus Te'enim Ometz Bahan and Avihail. Most of the river is located in the Hefer Valley.
 The Paul Hamilton House commonly referred to as the Brick House Ruins is the ruin of a 1725 plantation house on Edisto Island South Carolina that burned in 1929.
 Ujazdy [uˈjazdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nozdrzec within Brzozów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Nozdrzec 16 km (10 mi) north of Brzozów and 24 km (15 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 The Closing of Winterland is a four-CD live album of the Grateful Dead's New Year's Eve show 1978. The concert was also released as a two-disc DVD. The title derives from the fact that it was the last concert in San Francisco's Winterland Arena which was shut down shortly thereafter.
 Hypsoblennius gilberti the Rockpool blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Pacific ocean. This species grows to a length of 17 centimetres (6.7 in) TL.
 Dynamis is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of medicine and science. It publishes articles notes documents and reviews in Spanish and English (with some articles in French Italian or Portuguese).Contents are freely accessible online six months after publication from Revistes Catalanes amb Accés Obert (RACO) and SciELO.
 The Streets The Sounds and The Love is the first full length CD released by New Atlantic. It was produced by Casey Bates and Bobby Darling of Gatsby's American Dream. This CD also features a guest appearance from Will Pugh of Cartel.
 The 1973 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the second volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1973 followed by a hardcover edition issued in August of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club. For the hardcover edition the original cover art of Jack Gaughan was replaced by a new cover painting by William S. Shields.
 Gwoźnica Górna [ɡvɔʑˈɲit͡sa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niebylec within Strzyżów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Niebylec 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Strzyżów and 25 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1480.Polish writer Julian Przyboś was born here.
 Chodorążek [xɔdɔˈrɔ̃ʐɛk] (German: Kodern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Lipno and 47 km (29 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 436.
 Odostomia dealbata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.This is a nomen nudum a naked name that has not been published with an adequate description (or a reference to such a description). Therefore it cannot be accepted as it currently stands.
 Proisocrinus ruberrimus a species of crinoid that is in the monotypic genus Proisocrinus. The genus is in the monotypic family Proisocrinidae
 Oxymeris senegalensis common name : the Faval Auger is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Hustling for Health is a 1919 American silent film featuring Stan Laurel.
 The southern pig-tailed macaque (Macaca nemestrina) is a medium-sized Old World monkey.
 The Good Witch's Family is a 2011 Canadian family film and Hallmark Channel original movie written by G. Ross Parker and directed by Craig Pryce The film stars Catherine Bell Chris Potter Catherine Disher Matthew Knight and Paul Miller. Family is the fourth film in The Good Witch film series. The film premiered on Hallmark Channel October 29 2011. The first film premiered January 19 2008.
 Henricus montanus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela.The wingspan is about 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream grey near the tornal part of the termen less distinct towards the apex and costa and otherwise suffused brown and sprinkled with dark brown. The hindwings are cream slightly tinged with brownish towards the apex with delicate brownish strigulae.
 Easton Corbin is the self-titled debut album of American country music artist Easton Corbin. It was released on March 2 2010 via Universal Music Group Nashville's Mercury Nashville division. The album's lead-off single A Little More Country Than That was released to country radio on August 4 2009. It debuted at #56 and became his first #1 hit for the week of April 3 2010.
 Black Legion of Callisto is a science fiction novel written by Lin Carter the second in his Callisto series. It was first published in paperback by Dell Books in December 1972 and reprinted twice through January 1974. The first British edition was published by Orbit Books in 1975. It was later gathered together with Jandar of Callisto into the omnibus collection Callisto: Volume 1 (2000).
 Volvarina ficoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Mota Coqueiro ou A Pena de Morte (in English: Mota Coqueiro or The Capital Punishment) is a 1877 novel by Brazilian journalist and writer José do Patrocínio. It is a semi-fictitious account of the life of the farmer Manuel da Mota Coqueiro also known as The Beast of Macabu who was sentenced to hanging in 1852 for a crime he has not committed and executed March 6 1855 in Macaé RJ.
 La edad de piedra is a 1964 Mexican comedy film starring Viruta and Capulina.
 The elegant feather star Tropiometra carinata is a species of crinoid in the family Tropiometridae.
 From the Hip is the third album by Blackpool band Section 25 released in 1984. Following on from previous album releases Always Now and The Key of Dreams it marked a major departure in terms of sound and scope.
 Diacalymene is a genus of trilobite from the order Phacopida suborder Calymenina. It includes the species D. ouzregui D. clavicula D. diademata and D. gabrielsi. It lived in the Ordovician and Silurian periods.
 Five Star - Performance is the name of a music DVD by 80s pop group Five Star. The DVD includes a photo gallery a discography section and bonus material from the US. Track listing is as follows:-1. Hide And Seek2. Crazy3. All Fall Down 4. Let Me Be The One5. Love Take Over6. RSVP7. System Addict8. Can't Wait Another Minute9. Find The Time10. Rain Or Shine11. If I Say Yes12. Stay Out Of My Life13. The Slightest Touch14. Whenever You're Ready15. Strong As Steel16. Somewhere Somebody17.
 Jelu (Persian: جلو‎ also Romanized as Jelū; also known as Jīlū) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 14 families.
 Stevens Creek is a creek in Santa Clara County California. The creek originates in the Santa Cruz Mountains on the western flank of Black Mountain in the Monte Bello Open Space Preserve then flows southeasterly through the Stevens Creek County Park before turning northeast into Stevens Creek Reservoir. It then continues north for 12.5 miles through Cupertino Los Altos Sunnyvale and Mountain View before emptying into the San Francisco Bay at the Whisman Slough.
 John Wodehouse 1st Earl of Kimberley KG PC (7 January 1826 – 8 April 1902) known as the Lord Wodehouse from 1846 to 1866 was a British Liberal politician. He held office in every Liberal administration from 1852 to 1895 notably as Secretary of State for the Colonies and as Foreign Secretary.
 Jadwigów [jadˈviɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moskorzew within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Moskorzew 25 km (16 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 133.
 Gabriel Minvielle was a prominent Huguenot who settled in New York in after emigrating from France in 1673. He engaged in foreign trade especially with the West Indies and prospered as a merchant and trader and also politically serving as the 15th Mayor of New York City from 1684 until 1685. Minvielle was later honored several times by appointment as a member of the Governor's Council. Minvielle was integral in the creation of the Huguenot settlement of New Rochelle New York in 1688.
 Shara (Japanese: 沙羅双樹 translit. Sharasōju) is a 2003 Japanese drama film directed by Naomi Kawase. It was entered into the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
 Deoterthridae is a family of crustaceans in the subclass Tantulocarida classified under the class Maxillopoda.
 Flying Fish (Sinhala: ඉගිල්ලෙන මලුවො) is a 2011 anthology film directed by Sri Lankan filmmaker Sanjeewa Pushpakumara. It was produced with the financial support of the Hubert Bals Fund of the International Film Festival Rotterdam (IFFR).
 Fatherland is a best-selling 1992 thriller by the English writer and journalist Robert Harris. It takes the form of a detective story in an alternative history in which Nazi Germany won World War II. The novel was an immediate best-seller in the UK. It has sold over three million copies and has been translated into 25 languages.
 Ahangaran (Persian: اهنگران‎ also Romanized as Āhangarān) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 The Chicago Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Passenger Station was built in 1898 for passenger use; it was the third depot in Iowa City Iowa. It primarily served the Chicago Rock Island and Pacific Railroad including its Corn Belt Rocket and Rocky Mountain Rocket passenger lines. After the 1950s it was used for freight now it is used as offices.
 Thomas Charles Tom Petrone was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 27th District and was elected in 1980.
 West Unity is a village in Williams County Ohio United States. The population was 1671 at the 2010 census.
 IRB: Ethics & Human Research is a peer reviewed academic journal covering bioethics in the United States. It is published six times each year by the Hastings Center in Garrison New York since 1979. Karen J. Maschke is the current editor.The journal publishes research findings and analyses of empirical studies relating to research with human subjects. Its readership includes administrators and members of institutional review boards scholars and researchers.
 Meydanak-e Qaleh-ye Dezh (Persian: ميدانك قلعه دژ‎ also Romanized as Meydānak-e Qal‘eh-ye Dezh; also known as Meydanak) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Zeydun District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Like Drawing Blood is the second album by Gotye. All the sounds on the album were collected and assembled or performed by Wally De Backer in bedrooms around Melbourne between 2003 and 2005 and the record was mixed and mastered by François Tétaz (Wolf Creek soundtrack Machine Translations Architecture in Helsinki).
 The Prizefighter and the Lady is a 1933 black-and-white Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer romance film starring Myrna Loy and famous professional boxers Max Baer Primo Carnera and Jack Dempsey.
 He Put the Bomp! In the Bomp is a Greg Shaw tribute album released in November 2007 by Bomp Records in the USA and Vivid Sound Corporation in Japan. The album features 23 classic songs covered by different bands having in common the raw approach to rock and roll music Shaw most liked.
 The Hawkes Children's Library of West Point on West 8th Street in West Point Georgia was built in 1922. It is one of the Hawkes Children's Library buildings inspired and funded with support from Albert King Hawkes. The building is a work of architectural and engineering firm Robert & Co. and was constructed by Batson & Cook. It includes Colonial Revival and Georgian Revival architecture.
 The Last Chance Range is a mountain range in Nye County Nevada. It lies immediately to the north of Pahrump Nevada and west of Nevada State Route 160.
 Shangri La is the second studio album by English indie rock artist Jake Bugg. It was released on 18 November 2013. The album was produced by Rick Rubin and named after his studio in Malibu California where recording took place in the summer of 2013.
 The Hikurangi River is a river of Northland New Zealand. A winding stretch of river it can be considered an extension of the Kaikou River being formed from the confluence of this river and the Moengawahine Stream. The Hikurangi flows south past the Pipiwai settlement for several kilometres before flowing into the Mangakahia River 25 kilometres to the west of Whangarei.
 The Great McGinty is a 1940 political satire comedy film written and directed by Preston Sturges starring Brian Donlevy and Akim Tamiroff and featuring William Demarest and Muriel Angelus. It was Sturges's first film as a director; he sold the story to Paramount Pictures for just $1 on condition he direct the film. Sturges went on to win the Academy Award for Writing Original Screenplay.In the U.K. the film was retitled Down Went McGinty.
 The Grocers' Apartments (German: Krameramtsstuben) are historic buildings on Krayenkamp near St. Michaelis Church in the Neustadt district of Hamburg Germany. Formerly homes for widows of members of the Grocers’ Institute (Krameramtswohnungen) the 1620 to 1700 built timber-framed buildings form the last of the 17th century enclosed courtyards of Hamburg.
 The Tiúba River is a river on the border between Goiás and Tocantins states in central Brazil.
 Dąbie [ˈdɔmbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Łuków and 79 km (49 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 900.
 Thagadooru is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Nanjangud taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Lophophora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Garza Creek originally El Arroyo de las Garzas (The Creek of the Herons). Its source on the north slope of Zwang Peak in Kings County. It flows east-northeast through Kreyenhagen Hills to terminate in the Kettleman Plain 3.6 miles west northwest of Avenal.
 Mosca's is a Louisiana Creole Italian restaurant in Avondale Louisiana near New Orleans. Operated by the same family since it opened in 1946 it has long been regarded as one of New Orleans' best restaurants known for dishes such as Oysters Mosca crab salad and Chicken a la Grande.
 Zubaida Jalal (Urdu: زبيدہ جلال خان; born August 31 1959) is a Pakistani teacher libertarian social activist and politician. After successfully contesting in general elections held in 2002 on a PML(Q) platform she came in national prominence and public fame as a leading woman minister in the cabinet of Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz.
 Herzbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Unplug It In is an acoustic EP by Eddie Money released in 1992.
 Thanks for Sharing is a 2012 American comedy-drama film directed by Stuart Blumberg from a screenplay written by Blumberg and Matt Winston. The film stars Mark Ruffalo Tim Robbins Gwyneth Paltrow Josh Gad Joely Richardson and Alecia Moore with supporting roles from Patrick Fugit Carol Kane Michaela Watkins and Isiah Whitlock Jr.The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival to moderately favorable reviews and was released in the United States a year later.
 Live from London is a concert film by the British group Duran Duran. It was filmed during the course of the last two of five sold-out nights at Wembley Arena in April 2004 during the band's first global tour after the reunion of the band's original five members. The concert features hits from their 25-year catalog together with live versions of the singles from their 2004 studio album Astronaut.
 Marak (Persian: مرك‎ also Romanized as Marāk) is a village in Kahshang Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 532 in 136 families.
 Új Magyar Szó (New Hungarian Word) is a Hungarian-language Romanian broadsheet newspaper based in Bucharest. It has one of the largest audiences of all Hungarian-language papers in Romania. The newspaper's readership is approximately 40000.
 Gennargentu (IPA: [dʒennarˈdʒɛntu]) is a large massif in central-southern Sardinia Italy encompassing the provinces of Nuoro and Ogliastra. It includes the highest peaks in the island such as Punta La Marmora (1834 m) Monte Spada (1595 m) Punta Erba Irdes (1676 m) Bruncu Spina (1829 m) and Punta Paulinu (1792 m). The range forms part of the Gennargentu National Park.
 Lieve Fransen MD PhD is since 2007 the Director of the Representations Directorate (Directorate B) in Directorate-General Communication for the European Commission.
 Rhynchoconger squaliceps is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Alfred William Alcock in 1894.
 Vive La Différence! is Swedish Indie Pop band Eggstone's third album which was released in Sweden and Japan in January 1997. It was the first - and last - full-length release by the band on their own record label Vibrafon.
 First Baptist Church is an American Baptist Church in Waukesha Wisconsin. The church was designed by E. Townsend Mix in the Gothic architecture style and was built in 1872. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 28 1983 for its architectural significance.
 The West Point Mint Facility was erected in 1937 near the U.S. Military Academy in West Point New York United States. Originally it was called the West Point Bullion Depository. At one point it had the highest concentration of silver of any U.S. mint facility and for 35 years produced circulating pennies. It has since minted mostly commemorative coins and stores gold.It gained official status as a branch of the United States Mint on March 31 1988.
 Doły [ˈdɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 A Princess in Berlin is a 1980 historical novel by Arthur R.G. Solmssen.
 Juan Emilio Bosch Gaviño (30 June 1909 La Vega – 1 November 2001 Santo Domingo) was a politician historian short story writer essayist educator and the first democratically elected president of the Dominican Republic for a brief time in 1963. Previously he had been the leader of the Dominican opposition in exile to the dictatorial regime of Rafael Trujillo for over 25 years.
 Ogougouworo is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin.
 Koodum Thedi is a 1985 Malayalam film starring Mohanlal Radhika Rahman Nadia Moidu Soman Thilakan Sankaradi etc. Written by S. N. Swamy and Rajmohan the film is directed by Paul Babu and features music by Jerry Amaldev. The cinematography has been handled by P. C. Sreeram.
 The John Hosford House built in 1860 is an historic octagon house located at 64 Sandusky Street in Monroeville Ohio. On May 3 1974 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Lost Boys: Why Our Sons Turn Violent and How We Can Save Them is a book by James Garbarino Ph.D. that details the epidemic of violent male youths in America.
 Feelin' Up (also known as Getting Together) is a 1976 comedy film written and directed by David Secter and distributed by Troma Entertainment.
 Lugburz is the debut full length album by the Austrian black metal band Summoning. This album consists mostly of demo songs which were rearranged. Lugburz means Dark Tower in Black Speech and is commonly applied to the tower of Barad-dûr in J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. Unlike every following Summoning album which are slower and more atmospheric with heavier keyboards Lugburz's sound is overall faster and sounds more similar to the band Abigor.
 Mount Mestas elevation 11574 ft (3528 m) is a summit in the Sangre de Cristo Range of southern Colorado. The mountain located west of Walsenburg in Huerfano County was known as La Veta Peak until 1949 when it was renamed in honor of PFC Felix B. Mestas Jr. who was killed in action during the Second World War.
 The Pescaru River is a tributary of the Furu River in Romania.
 Corona Borealis (Northern Crown) is the second full-length album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Cadacross. It was released in November 2002 by Low Frequency Records.
 Bathycrinicola media is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Daniel F. Javier was a Filipino teacher born in Consolacion Sogod Southern Leyte.He was teacher and principal of Cebu Normal School of Cebu City in the early 1900s. In 1914 he explored the surrounding area of the new settlement in the barrio Bugho of Abuyog Leyte. At that time he had come from Cabadbaran Agusan del Norte where he had farmed since 1908 after his resignation as principal at the Cebu Normal School.He died in Consolacion in 1957.
 Rodgers Forge is a neighborhood located in the unincorporated Towson area of Baltimore County Maryland just north of the Baltimore City/County line. It is mostly a residential area with rowhouses apartments single-family dwellings and a new complex of luxury garaged townhomes. The area also has a small amount of commercial development.
 Thyrocopa brevipalpis is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to Kauai.The length of the forewings is 9-16 mm. Adults are on wing year-round. It has a remarkably variable wing pattern.Larvae have been reared on Hedyotis terminalis.
 The Ghost Dub-Dime is a retail mixtape by rapper Styles P. It was released on 18 May 2010 via E1 Entertainment. Featured guest appearances are from Tre Williams Jimi Kendrix & Tyler Woods. Production duties are handled by Tyler Woods Street Radio Ceasar Productions and Don Joe for Dogozilla Productions.
 Trần Phán is a commune (xã) and village in Đầm Dơi District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Alexander Grigoryevich Lukashenko (Belarusian: Алякса́ндр Рыго́равіч Лукашэ́нка Russian: Алекса́ндр Григо́рьевич Лукаше́нко born 30 or 31 August 1954) is President of Belarus having assumed the post on 20 July 1994. Before his career as a politician Lukashenko worked as director of a state-owned agricultural farm and spent time with the Soviet Border Troops and the Soviet Army.
 Chahar Rah (Persian: چهارراه‎ also Romanized as Chahār Rāh) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 John Muir Branch Library is a branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library. It was built in 1930 based on a design by architect Henry F. Withey.In 1987 the Muir Branch and several other branch libraries in Los Angeles were added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic group submission. The application noted that the branch libraries had been constructed in a variety of period revival styles to house the initial branch library system of the City of Los Angeles.
 Westwood United Methodist Church is a registered historic building in Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register on March 3 1980.
 Neolamprologus tretocephalus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is found in sandy areas in the northern half of the lake. It is a predator on molluscs. This species can reach a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Jean's Way: A Love Story a book by Derek Humphry is an account of Humphry's terminally ill wife's planned suicide from suffering. The book is Derek Humphry's first book on the issue of voluntary euthanasia and assisted suicide.
 Molecular Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the interface between chemistry and physics in particular chemical physics and physical chemistry. It covers both theoretical and experiment molecular science including electronic structure molecular dynamics spectroscopy reaction kinetics statistical mechanics condensed matter and surface science. The journal was established in 1958 and is published by Taylor & Francis.
 Edward M. Ryder is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives. When elected to office he became the youngest member of the House; he served on the Interstate Legislate Committee on Lake Erie and opposed a jet port near Euclid Ohio that would have caused Euclid to be split by a new highway.
 Ballona Creek is an 8.8-mile-long (14.2 km) waterway in southwestern Los Angeles County California whose watershed drains the Los Angeles basin from the Santa Monica Mountains on the north the Harbor Freeway (I-110) on the east and the Baldwin Hills on the south. It heads in the historical Rancho Las Cienegas and flows through Culver City and the Del Rey district before emptying into Santa Monica Bay between Marina del Rey and the Playa del Rey district.
 Croft-Y-Bwla is a country house and farm 1.5 miles (2.4 km) north-west of Monmouth south-east Wales. The house was built around 1830 and was designed by the noted Monmouth architect George Vaughan Maddox. It has been listed as Grade II since 1974. Part of the estate is now in the process of being developed for housing under the name Parc Glyndwr.
 Mink Rat or Rabbit is the first album by The Detroit Cobras released 24 February 1998 (see 1998 in music).
 Pointes et aiguille de l'Épéna is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3421 metres above sea level.
 The Rahu River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It rises in two branches (the Left Branch and Right Branch) within Victoria Forest Park. From the junction of these two branches the Rahu flows initially southeast before turning north to flow into the Maruia River five kilometres north of Springs Junction. State Highway 7 follows the upper course of the Rahu to the northwest of Springs Junction crossing the Rahu Saddle into the valley of the Inangahua River.
 The Piger Grass Tubeworm Moth (Acrolophus piger) is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1900. It is found in North America including Alabama Florida Mississippi North Carolina South Carolina and Texas.The wingspan is about 16 mm.
 The Dr. James Wyatt Walton House located at 301 W. Sevier in Benton Arkansas was designed by Charles L. Thompson and was built in 1903. It has also been known as Walton House.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.It was built for Dr. James Wyatt Walton the first doctor of Benton.
 Ichabod and I is the debut album by British indie rock band The Boo Radleys released in 1990 on the indie label Action Records. Steve Hewitt the drummer for this album would later join Placebo.
 GeGeGe no Nyōbō (ゲゲゲの女房 Gegege's Wife) is an autobiography written by Nunoe Mura that relates her life as the wife of the manga artist Shigeru Mizuki especially their struggles against poverty before he became successful. It was published in 2008 and has sold over 500000 copies. In 2010 it was adapted into an Asadora television series starring Nao Matsushita and a film starring Kazue Fukiishi.
 Doi Inthanon (Thai: ดอยอินทนนท์ (Pronunciation)) is the highest mountain in Thailand. It is located in Mae Chaem District Chiang Mai Province. This mountain is an ultra prominent peak and was also known in the past as Doi Luang (meaning big mountain) or Doi Ang Ka meaning the crow's pond top. Near the mountain's base was a pond where many crows gathered.
 The Black Cultural Centre for Nova Scotia is located in Cherrybrook Nova Scotia near Halifax. The centre serves as a museum and a library resource centre for the African Nova Scotian community and the Black Canadian community as a whole. The organization of the Black Cultural Society was incorporated as a charitable organization in 1977 and the centre opened its doors in 1983. With a goal to educate and inspire and to protect preserve and promote Black culture in Nova Scotia.
 Kingdom of Madness is the debut studio album by British melodic rock band Magnum.
 Life Is But a Dream is a 2013 autobiographical television film directed and executive produced by American singer Beyoncé Knowles. The film was released on February 16 2013 on the HBO network in conjunction with Parkwood Entertainment Knowles' management company. The film uses a combination of professional camera footage private video from Knowles' laptop and from her May 2012 4-night revue at Revel Atlantic City. Upon its release the documentary opened to mixed reviews from critics.
 Adyge mak' (Adyghe: Адыгэ макъ [aːdəɣa maːq] lit. The Adyghe Voice is the main Adyghe language newspaper. It is the successor of the Soviet era Социалистическэ Адыгей (Socialist Adyghea). It is published five times a week. It was printed in the Arab alphabet until 1927 Latin until 1938 and Cyrillic since. In was printed in Krasnodar until 1936.
 Elm Park and Isaac Sprague Memorial Tower is a historic site at 305 Washington Street in Wellesley Massachusetts.The tower was built in 1928 and added to the National Historic Register in 2007.
 Zeravshan River (also Zarafshan or Zarafshon Tajik: Дарёи Зарафшон Uzbek: Zarafshon from the Persian word zar-afshān زرافشان meaning the sprayer of gold) is a river in Central Asia. Its name sprayer of gold in Persian refers to the presence of gold-bearing sands in the upper reaches of the river. To the ancient Greeks it was known as the Polytimetus.
 Rocroithys is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Dying Animal (2001) is a short novel by the US writer Philip Roth. It tells the story of senior literature professor David Kepesh renowned for his literature-themed radio show. Kepesh is finally destroyed by his inability to comprehend emotional commitment. The Dying Animal is the third book in a series portraying the life of the fictional professor preceded by The Breast (1972) and The Professor of Desire (1977).
 The Vietnam Leaf-nosed Bat (Paracoelops megalotis) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is monotypic within the genus Paracoelops. It is endemic to Vietnam. It is threatened by habitat loss. The IUCN Red List of threatened species lists this bat as data deficient. This species is only known from one degraded specimen. Many researchers fear that this species of bat is already extinct as it has not been seen in over 60 years.
 Ferret-badgers are the five species of mustelids of the genus Melogale. Bornean Ferret-badger (Melogale everetti) Chinese Ferret-badger (Melogale moschata) Javan Ferret-badger (Melogale orientalis) Burmese Ferret-badger (Melogale personata) Vietnam Ferret-badger (Melogale cucphuongensis)↑ ↑
 Spilarctia gianellii is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Oberthür in 1911. It is found in China (Sichuan Yunnan Tibet).
 Duncan John McIntyre was an Ontario lawyer and political figure. He represented Victoria South in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1883 to 1886.He was born in 1842 on the isle of Tiree Scotland in 1842 the son of John McIntyre and came to Mariposa Township Canada West in 1847 with his family. McIntyre was called to the bar in 1871. He married Margaret Whiteside in 1873. He died in 1920.
 Śladków Mały [ˈɕlatkuf ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Chmielnik and 35 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 460.
 The Cotter water tower is a historic elevated steel water tower located in Cotter Arkansas. It was constructed in 1935 by the Pittsburgh-Des Moines Steel Company as part of the development of the local water supply system by the Public Works Administration.
 The Bang-Bang Club: Snapshots from a Hidden War is an autobiographical book about the Bang-Bang Club a group of four South African photographers active within the townships of South Africa during the Apartheid period particularly between 1990 and 1994. It was co-written by two of the four members of the Bang-Bang Club Greg Marinovich and Joao Silva. The foreword was written by Archbishop Desmond Tutu.
 Travelling People (German:Fahrendes Volk) is a 1938 German drama film directed by Jacques Feyder and starring Hans Albers Françoise Rosay and Camilla Horn. It is a circus film. It premiered in Hamburg on 1 July 1938. A Separate French-language version People Who Travel (Les gens du voyage) was also released. While it was also directed by Feyder and starred Rosay the rest of the cast were different.
 Hammondsport is a village in Steuben County New York United States. The population was 731 at the 2000 census. The village is named after its founding father.The Village of Hammondsport is in the Town of Urbana and is northeast of Bath New York.
 I Am Not What I Am is the first full release from Young and in the Way. It was self released on March 24 2011. It was rereleased in 2012 with the bands Amen EP.
 Do Dehak (Persian: دودهك‎ also Romanized as Dow Dehak Dūdehak and Dūdhak) is a village in Do Dehak Rural District in the Central District of Delijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 849 in 237 families.
 Voll Church (Norwegian: Voll kyrkje) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Voll in the Måndalen valley along the Romsdalsfjorden. The church is part of the Voll parish in the Indre Romsdal deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1896 by the architect Gabriel Smith.The church was built in 1896 to replace an older church dating back to 1674 on the same site.
 Rainbichl (Tyrlaching) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Shade Business is the debut album by PMD. it was released in September 27 1994 by RCA Records. guest appearances by Das EFX 3rd Eye Top Quality and Zone 7. with production by PMD DJ Scratch DJ Mark the 45 King and Jesse West.
 Kodannur is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India. It is almost 8 km from Thrissur city.
 Camillina elegans is a spider species in the genus Camillina. It is found in the Caribbean in Angola and in the Pacific Islands.
 Ahornbüchsenkopf is a mountain in Bavaria Germany.
 Breitenstein is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Tony Shipley (born August 23 1953) is the State Representative for the Tennessee House of Representatives 2nd District in Sullivan County.Born in Blountville Tennessee Shipley is a graduate of Sullivan Central High School and also a 1976 graduate of the University of Tennessee with a Bachelor of Arts degree.After retiring from the U.S. Air Force as a Lieutenant Colonel Shipley taught Tennessee history and world geography in Sullivan County middle schools.
 Red Cedar Lake is a lake in Nipissing District of Northeastern Ontario Canada. The lake is about 30 km in length.The Marten River flows into the lake and the Temagami River flows through the lake.It is a man made lake originally created by damming to permit logging drives.
 Sabuj Saathi is a 2003 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha and produced by Debendra Kuchar. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rachana Banerjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Ashok Bhadra
 The Western Telegraph is a Welsh regional newspaper covering Pembrokeshire and bordering Carmarthenshire. Founded as the Haverfordwest & Milford Haven Telegraph it is published on a weekly basis and is currently split into three editions. The newspaper is published by Newsquest.The newspaper is the highest selling weekly title in Wales averaging 25627 sales during the second half of 2007.
 The Island Bird is a Chesapeake Bay log canoe built in 1882 by William Sidney Covington in Tilghman Maryland. She is a 27 ft 4 in (8.33 m) sailing log canoe with a racing rig a sharp stem with a longhead bow and a sharp raking stern. She is one of the smallest boats in the active racing fleet with a beam of only 5 ft 6.5 in (1.689 m). The boat is privately owned by the descendants of Mr. Covington and has been racing every season since 1949.
 Zdzierczyzna [zd͡ʑerˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Sokolniki 15 km (9 mi) east of Wieruszów and 92 km (57 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Orvișele River is a tributary of the Valea Fânețelor in Romania.
 Higher is the ninth studio album by singer-songwriter Regina Belle and was released June 5 2012 on Pendulum Records. It peaked at #15 on the Billboard U.S. Gospel chart and #44 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Belle stated that she had more clear ideas during the creating and recording process of this album and she had a better understanding of where she wanted to go.The album produced the single Make An Example Out Of Me which peaked at #19 on the Billoboard Hot Gospel Songs chart.
 Nightmares is a 1983 horror anthology film made up of four stories starring Emilio Estevez Lance Henriksen Cristina Raines Veronica Cartwright and Richard Masur. The film is directed by veteran Joseph Sargent (who famously helmed The Taking of Pelham One Two Three and later Jaws: The Revenge) and began as a television project.
 Fort Dobbs is a 1958 western the first of three directed by Gordon Douglas to star Clint Walker. The other two were: Yellowstone Kelly in 1959 and Gold of the Seven Saints in 1961.Based on a screenplay by George W. George and Burt Kennedy with black-and-white photography provided by William H. Clothier this 93-minute movie was released by Warner Brothers and was intended to capitalize on Walker's success in the Cheyenne TV series.
 Benínar Reservoir is a reservoir in Berja province of Almería Andalusia Spain.
 Mohamed Benaissa (Arabic: محمد بن عيسى‎; born 3 January 1937) is a politician from Morocco who was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of that country from 1999 to 2007.
 Wheeler Peak Glacier is a glacier situated at the base of Wheeler Peak within Great Basin National Park in the U.S. state of Nevada. At a height of 13063 feet (3982 m) Wheeler Peak is the tallest mountain in the Snake Range and the second tallest mountain in The Great Basin and Nevada. The mountain top is also considered to be a horn a peak carved and shaped by glaciers over a long period of time.
 Mission Center Mall was a small mall in Mission Kansas located on a block of land wedged between four major roads including Shawnee Mission Parkway and Johnson Drive and Roe Boulevard and Roeland Drive. The 350000 sq ft (33000 m2). mall opened in 1989 replacing the former Mission Shopping Center that was destroyed. In 2006 Mission Center Mall was closed and demolished and the property vacated.
 Kalavani (Tamil: களவாணி)(English: Thief) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by newcomer A. Sargunam. It stars Vimal of Pasanga fame in the lead role along with debutante Oviya Saranya Ponvannan Ganja Karuppu and Ilavarasu who enact pivotal roles. The film made on a shoe-string budget released on 25 June 2010 to very positive reviews and became a sleeper hit of 2010.
 The Miguel Angel Garcia Mendez Post Office Building in Mayagüez Puerto Rico previously known as the United States Post Office and Courthouse and also known as Correo Central de Mayagüez is a post office and courthouse facility of the United States housing operations of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. It was designed by Louis A. Simpson and was built in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 as U.S.
 Bill Hartnett is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives serving from 1998 to 2006.
 Glonn is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Carlos da Silva Costa (born November 3 1949 in Oliveira de Azeméis) is a Portuguese economist and the current governor of the Bank of Portugal since June 7 2010.On 22 April 2010 Costa was nominated for a five-year-term by the Portuguese government recommended by the Finance minister Teixeira dos Santos. He replaced Vítor Constâncio who became vice president of the European Central Bank on June 1 2010.
 Bonafied is a studio album by Cameroonian jazz bassist and musician Richard Bona. It was released on 22 April 2013 through Universal Music.The album has charted at no. 33 in Poland and at no. 162 in France.
 St. Stephen's Episcopal Pro-Cathedral is an Episcopal church located in Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania United States. It is the pro-cathedral in the Diocese of Bethlehem. The Cathedral Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem Pennsylvania serves as the primary cathedral of the diocese.
 Lisi lake (Georgian: ლისის ტბა) is a small lake in the vicinity of Tbilisi Georgia; belongs to the Kura River valley home to a large mixed-use development project by the same name. The landscape is rocky and arid with shrub vegetation and plots of steppe. The lake itself provides a shelter to various waterbirds. In landscapes near the lake one can watch small reptiles birds fox and hare Mediterranean plant associations.
 Heart is a 1987 film directed by James Lemmo.
 Crayons and Paper is a documentary short featuring Dr. Jerry Ehrlich a pediatrician who has worked with Doctors Without Borders. To document the effect of war on children Dr. Ehrlich has the children draw pictures of their lives. The film features drawings made by children in Sri Lanka and Darfur.The film is a follow-up to the documentary Facing Sudan.
 The Philosophical Discourse of Modernity: Twelve Lectures (German: Der Philosophische Diskurs der Moderne: Zwölf Vorlesungen) is a 1985 book by Jürgen Habermas who reconstructs and deals in depth with a number of philosophical approaches to the critique of modern reason and the Enlightenment project since Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel and Friedrich Nietzsche including the work of 20th century philosophers Max Horkheimer Theodor Adorno Martin Heidegger Michel Foucault Jacques Derrida Cornelius Castoriadis and Niklas Luhmann. 
 Goldenheart is the second studio album by American recording artist Dawn Richard released on January 15 2013 by Our Dawn Entertainment. After her group Diddy – Dirty Money disbanded in 2012 Richard continued to develop her musical identity and worked with creative partner and manager Andrew Druski Scott who co-wrote Goldenheart with her.
 The Tongues of Men is a lost 1916 silent film drama produced by the Oliver Morosco Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures. Frank Lloyd directed and English stage actress Constance Collier stars in her debut film. The story is based on a 1913 Broadway play The Tongues of Men by Edward Childs Carpenter and starring Henrietta Crosman.
 Hamilton Mill Village Historic District is a historic district on Boston Neck and Martha Roads in North Kingstown Rhode Island.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Herculia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Pyralidae. The genus is mostly treated as a synonym of Hypsopygia. If considered valid some species previously placed here are now in Dolichomia and Ocrasa which in turn are also mostly merged in Hypsopygia. O. fulvocilialis is sometimes still placed in the present genus.
 Amata ragazzii is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Italy.Adults have been recorded on wing in June and July.The larvae feed on various low-growing plants including Plantago Rumex Galium and Taraxacum species.
 Come Clean is the second studio album by post-grunge band Puddle of Mudd. Released on August 28 2001 the album was responsible for breaking Puddle of Mudd into the mainstream music scene. It contains the hit singles Control Blurry Drift & Die and She Hates Me. Various tracks were re-recorded from the band's previous releases Stuck and Abrasive.
 Lake Pansy an almost round lake has a surface area of 50.42-acre (204000 m2). This lake is on the north edge of Winter Haven Florida. The city limits just reach water's edge on the east and southeast and the south city limits of Lake Alfred Florida are just across US Highway 92 which is 100 feet (30 m) northeast of Lake Pansy. The lake's north and west shores are bordered by woods. The east and northwest shores are bordered by residences and the southeast shore borders a citrus grove.
 Karen Weldin Stewart is the Insurance Commissioner for the State of Delaware. She was elected in 2008 to replace incumbent Insurance Commissioner Matt Denn who did not run for re-election as he was seeking the office of Lieutenant Governor of Delaware. She unsuccessfully campaigned for the office of Insurance Commissioner in the 2000 general election and the 2004 Democratic primary.In 2008 Stewart won a three-way Democratic primary election for Insurance Commissioner.
 Salim Beyg (Persian: سليم بيگ‎ also Romanized as Salīm Beyg) is a village in Dasht Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 38 families.
 A Couch in New York (French title Un divan à New York) is a 1996 film about an anonymous exchange of apartments between a successful New York psychoanalyst and a young woman from Paris. It was written and directed by Chantal Akerman.
 Flight 93 is a 2006 television film directed by Peter Markle which chronicles the events aboard United Airlines Flight 93 during the September 11 attacks. It premiered on January 30 2006 on the A&E Network and was re-broadcast several times throughout 2006.The film focused heavily on eight passengers namely Todd Beamer Mark Bingham Tom Burnett Jeremy Glick Lauren Grandcolas Donald Greene Nicole Miller and Honor Elizabeth Wainio.
 The Great American Weed Smoker is the name of the fifth record released by horrorcore rapper King Gordy.Peter ToshThe Great American Weed SmokerMr. Ganjah ManMy LoveFearlessWar of the WorldsHustlerCome Out and Play (feat. Fat Killahz)High Me-Sober MeA Teenage LoveHeadbandPeter Tosh (Outro)
 Skin Trade is the seventeenth book in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery/erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Botany (previously Canadian Journal of Botany) is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that has been published since 1929 by NRC Research Press.
 Johnny Cash The King and Tammy Wynette The Queen is an album by American country singers Johnny Cash and Tammy Wynette released on Columbia Records in 1973 (see 1973 in music). It is a Columbia Musical Treasury featuring two LPs from each artist.
 Port de la Bonaigua (el. 2072 m.) is a mountain pass in the Pyrenees in Catalonia Spain. It connects Esterri d'Àneu in the comarca of Pallars Sobirà with Vielha e Mijaran in the comarca of Val d'Aran.
 Kurt & Courtney is a 1998 documentary film by Nick Broomfield investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of Kurt Cobain and allegations of Courtney Love's involvement in it.
 The Powers Girl sometimes retitled Hello Beautiful is a 1943 musical comedy about women employed by John Robert Powers' modeling agency. Starring George Murphy Anne Shirley and Carole Landis the film was directed by Norman Z. McLeod and based upon the book by John Robert Powers (played by Alan Mowbray in the film). It was filmed during the height of the Big Band era and features Benny Goodman and His Orchestra.
 Desert Magazine (1937–1985) was a monthly regional publication based in the Colorado Desert in the Coachella Valley town of Palm Desert near Palm Springs California.
 Hanover Street is a 1979 British-American wartime romantic film written and directed by Peter Hyams and starring Harrison Ford Lesley-Anne Down and Christopher Plummer.
 The Book of Pleasure (Self-Love): Psychology of Ecstasy is a book written by Austin Osman Spare during 1909-1913.The book could be regarded the central text among his writings.
 Big Sir is the first album by Big Sir which is composed of bassist Juan Alderete and vocalist Lisa Papineau.
 Phú Hiệp Cà Mau is a commune (xã) and village in Cái Nước District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 The Haunted Mask is the eleventh book in R. L. Stine's Goosebumps series. The book follows Carly Beth a girl who buys a Halloween mask from a store. After putting on the mask she starts acting differently and discovers that the mask has become her face; she is unable to pull the mask off. R. L.
 La Place Royale ou l'amoureux extravagant (English: La Place royale or the extravagant lover) is a five-act comedy written by Pierre Corneille in 1634. It tells the story of Alidor who wants to break off his engagement with Angélique by giving her over to his best friend Cléandre. In this play Corneille addresses questions of love and liberty.
 Blow All My Blues Away is a nine-disc compilation album by Janis Joplin. The album gathers rare unreleased and alternate songs and performances by Joplin from her very first live recordings in 1962 up until 1970.
 King's House (also known as Government House) is the official residence of the Governor-General of Jamaica who represents the Jamaican Monarch and head of state.By the year 1690 the first official residence in Jamaica (for use by the Governors of Jamaica) was in Port Royal. Another was constructed in Spanish Town in 1762.
 In Eker (also written as I-n-Eker or In Ekker) is a village in the commune of In Amguel in Tamanrasset District Tamanrasset Province Algeria. It lies on the N1 national highway 39 kilometres (24 mi) north of In Amguel and 145 kilometres (90 mi) north of Tamanrasset city.
 Extensions is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1965 and released on the Argo label.
 Naked Soldier (絕色武器) is a 2012 Hong Kong action film directed by Marco Mak and starring Jennifer Tse. It is the third installment of the Naked series Naked Killer (1992) and Naked Weapon (2002).
 Asharq Al-Awsat (Arabic: الشرق الاوسط‎ meaning The Middle East) is an Arabic international newspaper headquartered in London. A pioneer of the off-shore model in the Arabic press the paper is often noted for its distinctive green-tinted pages.The New York Times in 2005 called Asharq Al-Awsat one of the oldest and most influential in the region.
 God's Property is a collaboration studio album by Kirk Franklin and God's Property. It was released on May 27 1997. At the time of its release urban contemporary gospel had gained massive ground in the music industry thus sending the album to its third position peak on the Billboard 200 album chart and making it the first gospel album to top the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart where it reached number one on five nonconsecutive weeks.
 The Japanese spider crab (高脚蟹 takāshigani lit. tall-footed crab) Macrocheira kaempferi is a species of marine crab that lives in the waters around Japan. It has the largest leg span of any arthropod reaching up to 3.8 metres (12 ft) and weighing up to 19 kilograms (42 lb). It is the subject of small-scale fishery which has led to a few conservation measures.
 Peculiar is an album by the New York City ska band The Slackers. It was released on Hellcat Records in 2006.
 Watch Your Mouth is a novel by the American writer Daniel Handler.It tells the story of the protagonist Joseph's lust-filled college summer he spent with his Jewish girlfriend Cynthia Glass in her hometown of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Handler has described it as an opera in book form.
 Otake (御岳 O-take) is a stratovolcano in the Tokara Islands of Japan. It is the largest mountain on Nakanoshima which is part of the village of Toshima in Kagoshima District of Kagoshima Prefecture. Being the largest mountain on a small island it is also referred to as Nakanoshima. It is also called Tokara Fuji from its shape.The mountain is an andesitic volcano. The volcano had a minor mud eruption in January 1914. In October 1949 the summit crater produced an ash cloud.
 The Eliseni River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 The Richard Nichols House is a historic late First Period house at 483 Franklin Street in Reading Massachusetts. The oldest portion of this house probably a three bay section with what is now the central chimney was built c. 1733 and expanded to five and then six bays later in the 18th century. The house remained in the Nichols family until the late 19th century.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 One Foot in Hell is a 1960 Western DeLuxe Color and CinemaScope film starring Alan Ladd Don Murray and Dan O'Herlihy co-written by Aaron Spelling from a story by Spelling.
 Bakla is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 The Globe Village Fire House is a historic former fire house on West Street at Main Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. It is the first of two fire stations built in the 1890s; the other the Elm Street Fire House is still in use as a fire station. It is a relatively modest Colonial Revival brick structure although it shares some Greek Revival features with other nearby brick structures.
 Acts of God is the concluding novel of the Christ Clone Trilogy written by James BeauSeigneur. This book primarily chronicles the Bowl Judgements as foretold in the Book of Revelation as well as the institution of the Mark of the Beast and the growing persecution of the followers of God. Other biblical prophecies from the Book of Revelation and the Book of Daniel are depicted as well.As with the first and second book in this trilogy many footnotes are used from various sources.
 Bethelem Lutheran Church is an historic stone Lutheran church located at 409 South White Street in Round Top Texas. Construction of the church began in 1866 under the leadership of Pastor J. Adam Neuthard with the first service being held on January 13 1867. The building was designed by Carl Siegismund Bauer a German Texan who also served as the head mason. The side walls are supported by buttresses.
 Aglossa rhodalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by Hampson in 1906 and is known from South Africa Algeria and Namibia.
 Meleh-ye Posht-e Sar Takht (Persian: مله پشت سرتخت‎ also known as Posht Melleh-ye Sar Takht) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 6 families.
 Corydoras osteocarus is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub-family of the Callichthyidae family. It originates in South America and is found in the Orinoco River basin in Venezuela and coastal rivers in Suriname.
 Wedding in Galilee (also known as Arabic عرس الجليل trasliteration Urs al-Jalil) is a 1987 film directed by Michel Khleifi. It was awarded the International Critics Prize at Cannes in 1987.
 Halloween is the second EP of the band Zombie Girl. It was released in 2009.
 The Notwist is the self-titled debut album from the German musical group The Notwist. The record presents a side of the band which has subsided considerably during their recent recordings. Early incarnations of the group saw them exploring very broad avenues of punk and metal while they would later veer more toward an abstract electronic and indie feel.
 City of Caves is a visitor attraction in Nottingham which consists of a network of caves carved out of sandstone that have been variously used over the years as a tannery public house cellars and as an air raid shelter.The attraction is now open again after wide ranging redevelopment of the Broadmarsh Shopping Centre from which the caves are accessed.The attraction has been run by the Galleries of Justice since 2004 and is accessed from the upper mall of the Broadmarsh Centre.
 Q.E.D. (Q.E.D. 証明終了 Q.E.D. Shomei Shuuryou) is a detective manga created and produced by Motohiro Katou. Sou Touma is a university graduate who encounters a variety of investigative cases after returning to Japan from the US. He works with his friend Kana Mizuhara combining his deductive skills with Mizuhara's social gifts.Q.E.D. has sold over 3 million copies in Japan and has been adapted as a live-action TV series.
 Guy Verhofstadt (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɣiː vərˈɦɔfst̪ɑt̪] ; born Guy Maurice Marie Louise Verhofstadt; April 11 1953) is a Belgian politician who served as the 47th Prime Minister of Belgium from 1999 to 2008.
 Apuolė is a historic village in Skuodas district municipality Lithuania. It is situated some 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of Skuodas on the banks of the Luoba River. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 132. Having survived a viking attack in 854 Apuolė is the oldest Lithuanian settlement mentioned in written sources. Since 2004 the attack is commemorated by an annual medieval reenactment Apuolė 854.Apuolė was an important hill fort of the Curonians one of the Baltic tribes.
 We Stick Together Through Thick and Thin (German: Wir halten fest und treu zusammen) is a 1929 German silent comedy film directed by Herbert Nossen and starring Sig Arno Kurt Gerron and Ernst Karchow. It was one of a number of films starring Arno and Gerron in their characters of 'Beef' and 'Steak' in an effort to create a German equivalent to Laurel and Hardy.
 Camp Curtin Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church also known as Curtin Heights Church and Camp Curtin Memorial-Mitchell United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Harrisburg Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It is a masonry constructed building faced with buff Holmesburg granite over brick in a Late Victorian / Romanesque style. The rear section was built in 1895 as the church.
 Nuchiyad is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Blues for Mister Charlie is James Baldwin's second play a tragedy in three acts. It was first produced and published in 1964. It is dedicated to the memory of Medgar Evers and his widow and his children and to the memory of the dead children of Birmingham.
 Children's Past Lives: How Past Life Memories Affect Your Child is a 1997 book by Carol Bowman. It a non-academic book that was the first to explore the putative phenomenon of children’s spontaneous past life memories.In the book Bowman suggests that many children will speak spontaneously (without hypnosis) of their past lives but not all unusual statements or stories from children are past life memories. Most of the time children are imitating storybooks TV or movies.
 Wagner's Dream is a documentary film directed by Susan Froemke. It premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 25 2012 and was shown in high definition in theaters across the United States and Canada on May 7 2012. The subject of the film is the staging of a new production of Richard Wagner's four-opera cycle Der Ring des Nibelungen at the Metropolitan Opera beginning in 2010.
 Extraterrestrial (also known under the working title of The Visitors) is a 2014 sci-fi horror film that was directed by Colin Minihan based on a script by both Vicious Brothers. The movie had its world premiere on April 18 2014 at the Tribeca Film Festival and stars Brittany Allen Freddie Stroma and Melanie Papalia as a group of friends that must defend themselves against an alien onslaught.
 Edgemont also known as Cocke Farm is a historic home located near Covesville Albemarle County Virginia. It was built about 1796 and is a one- to two-story three bay frame structure in the Jeffersonian style. It measures 50 feet by 50 feet and sits on a stuccoed stone exposed basement. The house is topped by a hipped roof surmounted by four slender chimneys. The entrances feature pedimented Tuscan order portico that consists of Tuscan columns supporting a full entablature.
 Ephysteris iberica is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Povolný in 1977. It is found in Croatia Greece France Spain and on Sicily and Malta.
 Sheila Klinker is a Democratic politician who is currently a member of the Indiana House of Representatives representing the 27th District since 1982.Born in Indianapolis Indiana Klinker graduated from Purdue University with her Bachelor of Education in elementary ecucation in 1961. Klinker later received her Master of Science from Purdue in 1970. Klinker worked her entire teaching career for the Lafayette School Corporation.
 Raven Crag is a fell in the English Lake District. It acts as a superb vantage point for and backdrop to views across Thirlmere reservoir.
 Kamyszów [kaˈmɨʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka within Kazimierza County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Kazimierza Wielka and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 English Text Construction is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering English studies including applied linguistics English language teaching cultural studies linguistics and literary studies. It is published by John Benjamins Publishing Company and was established in 2008. The journal publishes articles and book reviews as well as review articles.
 Sol (Russian: Соль) is a river in Perm Krai and Komi Republic Russia a left tributary of Chyornaya River which in turn is a tributary of Veslyana River. The length of the river is 23 km.The source of the river is located in the northeastern portion of Koygorodsky District of Komi Republic 199 m above sea level. Its mouth is located west of the settlement of Chernorechensky 164 m above sea level.
 Edgehill Church at Spuyten Duyvil is a United Church of Christ parish church located at 2550 Independence Avenue in the Spuyten Duyvil neighborhood of The Bronx New York City. Its congregation was originally founded in 1869 as the mission chapel affiliated with the Riverdale Presbyterian Church serving the workers at the nearby Johnson Iron Foundry.
 Alai Osai is a 1985 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Sirumugai Ravi. The film stars Vijayakanth and Nalini in the lead roles.
 James Cochran Dobbin (January 17 1814 – August 4 1857) was a nineteenth-century politician and lawyer who served as United States Secretary of the Navy from 1853 to 1857.Born in Fayetteville North Carolina in 1814 the grandson of congressman James Cochran Dobbin attended Fayetteville Academy and the William Bingham School and later went on to graduate from the University of North Carolina in 1832. While at Carolina Dobbin distinguished himself as a member of Philanthropic Assembly.
 Black Monday is the third album by Detroit rapper Dice. The album contains a diss track aimed at Esham Kkkill the Fetus. The album sold 8000 units.
 Shah Rostam (Persian: شاه رستم‎ also Romanized as Shāh Rostam) is a village in Bagh Safa Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 69 families.
 Human Emotions is an album released by country musician David Allan Coe. It was released in 1978 on Columbia.
 Omar Zakhilwal (Pashto: ډاکتر عمر زاخيلوال‎ ; born 1968) is a politician in Afghanistan serving as the Finance Minister and Chief Economic Advisor to the President Hamid Karzai. He is also the president of the Afghanistan Cricket Board.
 Camp Tosebo on the south shore of Portage Lake in Onekama Township Michigan was established in 1912 by Noble Hill the headmaster of the Todd Seminary for Boys in Woodstock Illinois as one of the first summer camps in the United States. The name of the camp is an acronym derived from the school's name TOdd SEminary for BOys and meant to sound like a Native American Indian word.
 Mujizat Itu Nyata is the gospel album by the first winner of Indonesian Idol Joy Tobing.
 Harry Eugene Bowser (born September 13 1931) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Lithoxus pallidimaculatus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Suriname where it is found in stony rivulets of the Suriname River basin. This species grows to a length of 4.7 centimetres (1.9 in) SL.
 Brother Love's Travelling Salvation Show is the name of Neil Diamond's fourth studio album released in 1969. Four months after the title cut became a #22 hit Diamond recorded and released a new single Sweet Caroline which reached #4. Because of its popularity this song was added to the end of later pressings of the album which was also given a new sleeve.
 Douglas St. Clive Budd Jansze was the 31st Attorney General of Ceylon. He was appointed on 1 April 1957 succeeding Edward Fredrick Noel Gratiaen and held the office until 1966. He was succeeded by Abdul Caffoor Mohamad Ameer.
 The Bermuda Depths is a Japanese / American co-production 1978 fantasy film originally broadcast as a made-for-TV movie written by Arthur Rankin Jr. of Rankin/Bass fame. Special effects and creature elements were handled by Tsuburaya Productions most famous for the Ultraman franchise.It is available on DVD-R on-demand directly from the Warner Bros. Archive shop.
 Estudando o Samba is a concept album by Brazilian singer Tom Zé recorded in 1976.It was listed by Rolling Stone Brazil as one of the 100 best Brazilian albums in history.
 Yoko Tsuno is a comics album series created by the Belgian writer Roger Leloup published by Dupuis in Spirou magazine since its debut in 1970. Through twenty-six volumes the series tell the adventures of Yoko Tsuno a female electrical engineer of Japanese origin surrounded by her close friends Vic Video and Pol Pitron (see Yoko Tsuno characters). Their adventures bring them to among other places Belgium (Bruges) Germany Scotland Japan Hong Kong Indonesia and also into outer space.
 Face of Collapse is the second album by Dazzling Killmen released on March 14 1994 through Skin Graft Records.
 Aristosoma suturale is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Aristosoma.
 Lake Murray is a reservoir in San Diego California operated by the City of San Diego's Public Utilities Department. It is located within Mission Trails Regional Park which is in the 7th City Council District and is represented by Councilman Scott Sherman. When full the reservoir has 171.1 surface acres a maximum water depth of 95 feet and 3.2 shoreline miles.
 St. Gabriel's Catholic Parish Complex is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located at 122-142 S. Wyoming Street in Hazleton Luzerne County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of the church (1925) rectory (1907-1908) and former convent (1937). The church is a high French Gothic Revival steel frame building clad in pink granite ashlar with Indiana limestone trim. It features twin bell towers with triple entrance portals at the front facade.
 The Rosary is a novel by Florence L. Barclay. It was first published in 1909 by G.P. Putnam's Sons and was a bestselling novel for many years running reaching the number one spot in 1910. A recent edition published in 2002 has a new introduction by Sharon Rich and comments by Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy dating from 1948 when they planned to co-star in a film version at MGM. The film was never made.
 The Yellow-footed Flycatcher or Yellow-footed Alseonax (Muscicapa sethsmithi) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Nigeria and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Lisów [ˈlisuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Jedlińsk 13 km (8 mi) north of Radom and 79 km (49 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Count Pál Széchenyi de Sárvár-Felsővidék (6 November 1838 – 28 October 1901) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Agriculture Industry and Trade between 1882 and 1889.
 Sar Sakhti-ye Pain (Persian: سرسختي پائين‎ also Romanized as Sar Sakhtī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Sar Sakhtī-ye Soflá Sarsakhtī-ye Soflā and Sarsakti) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District Qarah Kahriz District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1170 in 278 families.
 Gray-Taylor House is a historic home located at Brookville Jefferson County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1882 and is a three-story brick dwelling with a two-story rear wing in the Second Empire-style. It features a three-story projecting bay window mansard roof and a one-story open porch across the front facade.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It is located in the Brookville Historic District.
 The River Yare is a river in the English county of Norfolk. In its lower reaches it is one of the principal navigable waterways of The Broads and connects with the rest of the network.The river rises south of Dereham close to the village of Shipdham. From there it flows in a generally eastward direction passing Barnham Broom and is joined by the River Tiffey before reaching Bawburgh.
 The Calcutta Chromosome is a 1995 English-language novel by Indian author Amitav Ghosh. The book for the most part set in Calcutta at some unspecified time in the future is a medical thriller that dramatizes the adventures of apparently disconnected people who are brought together by a mysterious turn of events. The book is loosely based on the life and times of Sir Ronald Ross the Nobel Prize winning scientist who achieved a breakthrough in malaria research in 1898.
 William Barkley Cooper (December 16 1771 – April 29 1849) was an American farmer and politician from Laurel in Sussex County Delaware. He was a member of the Federalist Party then later the Whig Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly and as Governor of Delaware.
 Solva Saal (English: Sixteenth Year) is a 1958 Hindi movie. Produced by Chandrakant C Desai the film is directed by Raj Khosla. The film stars Dev Anand and Waheeda Rehman. The film's music is by Sachin Dev Burman and the lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri.This film also contains the song Hai apna dil to awaara picturized on Dev Anand and Waheeda Rehman in the train sung by Hemant Kumar.Director Raj Khosla makes a cameo appearance in the movie.
 The Garden Court Apartments in Los Angeles California was a historic apartment building built in 1917. It was vacated in 1980 and torn down in 1984.It was the home of a number of celebrities in the first forty or so years of its existence including Clara Bow Louis B. Mayer and Mack Sennett. Its fortunes declined in the 1960s and 1970s along with those of Hollywood Boulevard in general.
 Angelology is a first novel by Danielle Trussoni. It was published by Viking Press in March 2010.
 Die Sprache is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1949. It contains articles on historical and comparative linguistics especially of Indo-European languages. The main focus is on comparative grammar and etymology but there are contributions on linguistic interpretation of text sources epigraphy and aspects of cultural history as well.The journal is published by Harrassowitz Verlag and it usually appears biannually.
 Becco Lake is a lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy.
 Kalateh-ye Anamusi (Persian: كلاته اناموسي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ānāmūsī) is a village in Atrak Rural District Maneh District Maneh and Samalqan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 Gajevi (Ilijaš) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hemitoma octoradiata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Chondrosoma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Hășdate (also: Hăjdate in Hungarian: Hesdát-patak) is a small river in the Apuseni Mountains Cluj County western Romania. It is a left tributary of the river Arieş. It flows through the municipalities Săvădisla Ciurila and Petreștii de Jos and joins the Arieș at Corneşti near Turda. It is fed by several smaller streams including Dumbrava Filei Săliște Micuş Negoteasa Livada and Petridul. It formed the Cheile Turzii a narrow river gorge.
 The International Journal of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease is a peer-reviewed medical journal focusing on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It was established in 2008 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 Khar Farih-e Olya (Persian: خرفريح عليا‎ also Romanized as Khar Farīḩ-e ’Olya; also known as Ḩar Farīḩ-e ‘Olyā Kharfareh-ye ’Olya Kharfereh Kharfereh-ye Bālā Kharfereh-ye Dovvom Kher Fereḩ-e Bālā and Khorofray) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 24 families.
 Uddjaure is a lake in Norrbotten County Lappland Sweden adjacent to Lake Hornavan.
 Pssst! Doggie-' is a 1971 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.In this almost wordless book a cat asks a dog to dance. Suddenly we are carried away on a flight of imagination from country to country and from era to era by the humorous antics of the unusual pair on the dance floor.
 Chitrashalabham is a 1998 Malayalam film made in India by K. B. Madhu based on the Bollywood movie Anand. The film has Jayaram and Biju Menon in lead roles.
 Glück und Benzin (German: Luck and Gasoline) is the fourth studio album by German recording artist Miss Platnum released by Four Music on March 14 2014 in German-speaking Europe. Her first German language album it marked a transition from the hip hop–driven Balkan pop style from her previous records Chefa (2007) and The Sweetest Hangover (2009) which was largely inspired by her 2012 number-one hit single Lila Wolken with rappers Marteria and Yasha.
 Favartia peasei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Alone Against Tomorrow: Stories of Alienation in Speculative Fiction is a collection of short stories by author Harlan Ellison. Published in the United States in 1971 as a ten-year retrospective of Ellison's short stories it includes some of his most famous work. It was later published in the UK in two volumes as All the Sounds of Fear in 1973 and The Time of the Eye in 1974 (the 1974 volume only containing a new introduction).
 Fantômas is a 1946 French crime film directed by Jean Sacha and starring Marcel Herrand Simone Signoret and Alexandre Rignault. The film features the fictional master criminal Fantômas created by Marcel Allain and Pierre Souvestre. It was based on a novel by Allain written after Souvestre's death. It is one of a significant number of films based on the Fantômas character.
 The Tiger of Eschnapur (originally Der Tiger von Eschnapur) is a 1938 German film directed by Richard Eichberg.
 The Cobra Museum is an art museum in Amstelveen Netherlands. The collection of the museum consists of key works by artists of the Vrij Beelden (1945) Cobra (1948–1951) and Creatie (1950–1955) movements.
 The Vienne (Occitan: Vinhana) is one of the most important rivers in south-western France a significant left tributary of the lower Loire. It supports numerous hydro-electric dams and it is the main river of the Limousin region and also of the eastern part of the Poitou-Charentes region. Two French départements are named after the Vienne river: the Haute-Vienne (87) in the Limousin region and the Vienne (86) in the Poitou-Charentes region.
 Anne Murray's Christmas Album is the seventh Christmas album by Canadian country-pop artist Anne Murray. The album was released on October 7 2008 through Manhattan Records and features ten previously released Christmas song and five new recordings.
 Nilu (Persian: نيلو‎ also Romanized as Nīlū) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 76 families.
 The Landmark (Chinese: 置地廣場) is an office and shopping development owned by Hongkong Land in Central Hong Kong. It is commonly known as the home of numerous prestigious international brands and the gathering place of well-heeled shoppers.
 Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over (also known as Spy Kids 3: Game Over) is a 2003 American science fantasy adventure film directed by Robert Rodriguez and the third film in the Spy Kids series. It was released in the United States on July 25 2003. The film featured the return of many cast members from the past two films although most were in minor roles and cameo appearances. A fourth film entitled Spy Kids: All the Time in the World was released on August 19 2011.
 Juicy Lucy is the debut album by Anglo-American rock band Juicy Lucy released in 1969. The music is a curiously heavy form of blues-rock often played at break-neck speed. The album was a moderate success reaching number 41 on the U.K. album chart but produced a hit single with their version of the Bo Diddley song Who Do You Love?.
 Varpe is a village in Lümanda Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 All You Need Is Now is the thirteenth studio album by the British rock band Duran Duran. Produced by Mark Ronson a truncated version of the album was released as a download on 21 December 2010. It is the band's first album not released by a major record label; it appeared on the band's own label Tapemodern and Mark Ronson's Allido Records in the UK.
 Mont Bonvin is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Crans-Montana in the Swiss canton of Valais. The border with the canton of Bern runs one kilometre north of the summit.Mont Bonvin is located near the glacier of Plaine Morte which can be reached from Crans-Montana by a cable car. From the upper station a trail lead to the summit.
 J. Anita Stup (born March 8 1945) is a former member of the Maryland House of Delegates representing District 3 which covers most of Frederick County Maryland.
 The International Journal of Sport Nutrition and Exercise Metabolism is a scientific journal addressing topics in nutrition exercise metabolism and related fields.
 La Chambre obscure (English title: The Dark Room) is a 2000 French drama film directed and written by Marie-Christine Questerbert.
 Bull Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada. It is about 500 metres (1640 ft) long and 200 metres (656 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 358 metres (1175 ft) about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) southeast of the community of Ignace. The primary outflow is Fox Creek to Cow Lake and further through Fox Lake to Agimak Lake on the Agimak River.
 Juruá-Mirim River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Fantabulous Inc. (Italian: La Donna il sesso e il superuomo) is a 1967 Italian crime film directed by Sergio Spina and starring Richard Harrison. Fantabulous is a portmanteau of fabulous and fantastic.
 James Michael Francke (2 October 1946 – 17 January 1989) was the Director of the Oregon Department of Corrections the governmental bureau which manages prisons inmates and parolees in the state of Oregon. He was appointed by then-governor Neil Goldschmidt to oversee Goldschmidt's plan to double the state's inmate capacity. On January 18 1989 his body was discovered outside the department's office building in Salem; an autopsy determined he had been murdered the night before.
 Michalin [miˈxalin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nakło nad Notecią within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Nakło nad Notecią and 24 km (15 mi) west-north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 How The Hangman Lost His Heart is a fictitious tale which is set in mid-17th century after the Second Jacobite Rebellion and is written by K M Grant published in 2007.
 Prescott Town House is a historic former town hall on MA 32 in Petersham Massachusetts.The building was built in 1838 serving as the town hall for Prescott Massachusetts a town that was unincorporated in order to make way for the Quabbin Reservoir in the 1930s. The town house was moved to Petersham where it is now located on a hall above a hay meadow north of the town center.
 Jaws 3-D (also known as Jaws 3 or Jaws III) is a 1983 American horror thriller film directed by Joe Alves and starring Dennis Quaid Bess Armstrong Lea Thompson and Louis Gossett Jr. It is the second sequel to Steven Spielberg's Jaws which was based on the novel of Peter Benchley.As SeaWorld a Florida marine park with underwater tunnels and lagoons prepares for opening a young great white shark infiltrates the park from the sea attacking and terrifying employees.
 Adrift In Soho is a novel by Colin Wilson. It was first published in England in 1961 by Victor Gollancz. The novel describes the English beat generation.
 Wilków [ˈvʲilkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Biała Prudnicka 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Prudnik and 35 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 People Are Funny is a 1946 American musical comedy film directed by Sam White based on the popular radio show of the same name.
 The Doce River (Portuguese Rio Doce) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Claro River one of the upper tributaries of the Paraná River.
 The Holyoke Canal System is a system of Power Canals in Holyoke Massachusetts. Its major canals are called the First Level Canal Second Level Canal and Third Level Canal.
 36 Ghante is a 1974 Hindi film directed by Raj Tilak. The film stars Raaj Kumar Mala Sinha Sunil Dutt Vijay Arora Ranjeet Danny Denzongpa Parveen Babi Iftekhar and Deven Verma. The film's music is by Sapan Chakraborty. It is a remake of the American film The Desperate Hours which was adapted from Joseph Hayes' novel.
 Stenotus binotatus is a species of plant bug originally from Europe but now also established across North America and New Zealand. It is 6–7 mm (0.24–0.28 in) long yellowish with darker markings on the pronotum and forewings. It feeds on various grasses and can be a pest of crops such as wheat.
 Elte is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 James A. Jim Himes (born July 5 1966) is an American businessman and U.S. Representative for Connecticut's 4th congressional district serving since 2009. He is a member of the Democratic Party.The district incorporates portions of Fairfield and New Haven counties in southwestern Connecticut including the cities of Bridgeport and Stamford.
 Danby Lake (also known as Danby Dry Lake) is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California 50 mi (80 km) northwest of Blythe. The lake is approximately 9 mi (14 km) long and 2.5 mi (4.0 km) at its widest point.
 Central Vermont Medical Center (CVMC) is the primary health care provider for 66000 people in central Vermont. The medical staff numbers 121 physicians including nine community-based medical group practices. CVMC provide 24-hour emergency care with 122 inpatient beds. CVMC is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations. CVMC includes Woodridge Nursing Home.
 Dusky Blackvein Aporia nabellica is a midsized to large butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which is found in India and Pakistan in the W. Himalayas : Kashmir to Naini Tal from 8500 to 13000 feet. It has a wing expanse of 6 to 7 cm.
 The Monster (Arabic: El Wahsh‎ Arabic: الوحش‎) is a 1954 Egyptian crime film directed by Salah Abouseif. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 Gloucester Cathedral or the Cathedral Church of St Peter and the Holy and Indivisible Trinity in Gloucester England stands in the north of the city near the River Severn. It originated in 678 or 679 with the foundation of an abbey dedicated to Saint Peter (dissolved by King Henry VIII).
 Rowham Beyk Mahalleh (Persian: روهام بيك محله‎ also Romanized as Rowhām Beyk Maḩalleh; also known as Rahāmbak Maḩalleh and Rowḩām Beyg Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 248 in 66 families.
 By His Bootstraps is a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein that plays with some of the inherent paradoxes that would be caused by time travel.The story was originally published in the October 1941 issue of Astounding Science Fiction under the pen name Anson MacDonald. It was reprinted in Heinlein's 1959 collection The Menace From Earth and in several subsequent anthologies and is now available in at least two audio editions.
 Secrets of Nature is an East German film. It was released in 1950.
 The Hodgson's Frogmouth (Batrachostomus hodgsoni) is a species of bird in the Podargidae family.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan China India Laos Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitat is temperate forests.The common name commemorates the British naturalist Brian Houghton Hodgson.
 The Knysna Skolly (Thestor brachycerus) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa. The wingspan is 27–36 mm for males and 29–39 mm for females. Adults are on wing from December to January. There is one generation per year.Larvae have been found in the nests of the Pugnacious Ant Anoplepsis custodiens but the larval food is unknown.
 The Dominion Building is a historic structure on the corner of Mercer Street and Victoria Street in Wellington New Zealand. Originally designed as the headquarters of The Dominion Post newspaper it is now home to a mix of apartments offices and retail areas.A distinctive 7 storey building of some elegance The Dominion has a frontage of stone imported from Caen in France and interiors of Queensland marble. The building follows the bend in the road.
 Caloptilia korbiella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Russian Far East.
 Charlotte Vining Douglas (born February 13 1952) is a retired educator from Alma in Crawford County in northwestern Arkansas who is a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives. Her District 75 which she has represented since 2013 includes portions of Sebastian (Fort Smith) and Crawford counties.
 Mentasta Pass is a major mountain pass in Alaska separating the Alaska Range on the west from the Mentasta Mountains on the east. Alaska Route 1 (the Glenn Highway) runs through the pass connecting the Copper River Valley with the Alaska Highway.
 Sigori is a village located on the bank of River Punpun in District Patna.Villages in sigori Panchayat JANPUR NARAOLI MAHARAJGANJ HADINAGAR KANORA NONIACHAK.Sigori is surrounded by Punpun River Maharajganj HadinagarShia Bigha in eastBhinnak BighaNarauliNoniachak in southJanpur Makhdumchak Bibipur and nijhra in west and PatringaChakardahGupipur in north. Sigori is hub of small weavers who produces cotton towel Sawls Lungies Shirt Cloths etc.
 Bullocks Wilshire located at 3050 Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles California is a 230000-square-foot (21000 m2) Art Deco building.
 Pseudaphaenops is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pseudaphaenops jocobsoni Pliginskiy 1912 Pseudaphaenops tauricus Winkler 1912↑
 Laevilitorina granum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 The Suhărzelu Mare River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Hwangbyeongsan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1407.1 m (4616 ft).
 The Journal of Pharmacy and Bioallied Sciences is a quarterly medical journal. It is the official publication of the Organization of Pharmaceutical Unity with BioAllied Sciences. The current editor-in-chief is R.K. Khar.
 Flesh and Fire is the first book in The Vineart War trilogy by Laura Anne Gilman. The story follows a slave named Jerzy who is taken into an apprenticeship to become a Vineart. In the course of his studies his master becomes concerned by reports of attacks on Vinearts and sends Jerzy to study with another Vineart.
 Janet Cruz (born July 7 1956) is a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 62nd District which includes northwestern Hillsborough County namely Town 'n' Country since 2012.
 Hiram Nichols Breed (02 September 1809 – 31 March 1893) was a Massachusetts cordwainer and politician who served as the ninth Mayor of Lynn Massachusetts.Breed also served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and the Massachusetts Constitutional Convention of 1853.
 Si me llevas contigo is an album by Gloria Trevi. Trevi's manager Sergio Andrade produced her last album in the 1990s titled Si Me Llevas Cantigo (If You Take Me With You). The album was recorded in a home studio in Cuernavaca and in Los Angeles California. The album was released in November 1995 by BMG Ariola.
 Congregation Beth Israel (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) a Reform synagogue located at 615 Court Street in Honesdale Pennsylvania. Founded in 1849 by German Jews its 1856 synagogue building was the smallest in the United States. The congregation was originally Orthodox but rapidly moved to Classical Reform.
 Piyeh (Persian: پيه‎ also Romanized as Pīyeh) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 The Housatonic River Railroad Bridge is a historic bridge carrying Metro-North Railroad's New Haven Line trackage across the lower Housatonic River in the U.S. state of Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 and in its listing was described as also being referred to as Devon Bridge. It is also referred to as the Devon Railroad Bridge by the Department of Environmental Protection.It is a Scherzer Rolling Lift Bascule-type bascule bridge.
 This is Hawkwind Do Not Panic is a 1984 live album by the English space rock group Hawkwind. The album consisted of two discs: an LP which was recorded during the group's 1980 Levitation tour; and a 12 EP recorded on at their June 1984 appearance at the Stonehenge Free Festival.The group's line-up had changed by this point with guitarists Dave Brock and Huw Lloyd-Langton and saxophonist Nik Turner remaining and Harvey Bainbridge switching from bass to keyboards.
 Alhaji Muhammadu Abubakar Rimi (1940 – 4 April 2010) was a Nigerian politician who was the governor of Kano State during the Nigerian Second Republic. He died following an attack by armed robbers.
 Thomas de Grey 2nd Baron Walsingham PC (14 July 1748 – 16 January 1818) was a British peer and politician. He served as Joint Postmaster General between 1787 and 1794 and was for many years Chairman of Committees in the House of Lords.
 Lui Tuck Yew (simplified Chinese: 吕德耀; traditional Chinese: 呂德耀; pinyin: Lǚ Déyào; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Lū Tek-iāu) (born 16 August 1961) is a Singaporean politician. A Member of Parliament from the governing People's Action Party (PAP) since 2006 he is the country's Minister for Transport. He previously served as the Minister for Information Communications and the Arts from 2010 to 2011.
 Good In Bed is the debut novel of Jennifer Weiner. It tells the story of an overweight Jewish female journalist her love and work life and her emotional abuse issues with her father. The novel was a New York Times Best Seller.
 Charleston Area Medical Center (CAMC) is the name of a complex of hospitals in Charleston West Virginia formed via a merger of previously independent facilities. It is the state's largest hospital.Charleston Area Medical Center is the primary medical facility for the city of Charleston. There is a combined total of 838 staffed beds between three facilities.
 Madhavpur is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3075 living in 581 individual households.
 Merevarí River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Szewce [ˈʂɛft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Samborzec 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 78 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Maxine Wilson is the former mayor of Coquitlam British Columbia.Born in 1946 in Portland Oregon Wilson grew up on a family farm. In 1959 Wilson moved to Canada with her parents and sister. The family settled in Dawson Creek British Columbia where her father bought a farm.From 1969 to 1975 she worked as an elementary school teacher. She joined the first formal Parent Advisory Council (PAC) in Coquitlam and in 1988 took part in the last Sullivan Royal Commission on Education.
 Giovanni De Gennaro (born August 14 1948 in Reggio Calabria Italy) is Chairman of the first Italian Defense Group Finmeccanica. He was Italy's former police chief and Undersecretary to the Italian Prime Minister with responsibility for information services and security. He was appointed former chief of the Italian police department and director of the information services and security department.
 Alpine Creek is a small river in San Mateo County California.It flows about 5 miles (8 km) from its source (37°18′21″N 122°11′51″W) near West Alpine Road about a mile southwest of Skyline Boulevard (CA 35) to its confluence with La Honda Creek to form San Gregorio Creek in La Honda at California State Route 84.Alpine Creek passes through Russian Ridge Open Space Preserve and Heritage Grove Redwood Preserve.
 A Night on the Town is Rod Stewart's seventh album released in 1976. The cover art is based on Pierre-Auguste Renoir's painting Bal du moulin de la Galette with Stewart inserted in the centre in period costume. On 30 June 2009 Rhino reissued the album as a two-disc CD with bonus tracks. Stewart performed Big Bayou regularly with The Faces during their final US tour the previous year although that version was based on the one Ronnie Wood released on his solo album Now Look.
 Soltau is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Marian Alexander Baby (Born 4 April 1954)is an Indian politician and one of the prominent leaders of Communist Party. He is also the Polit Bureau member of Communist Party of India (Marxist).He has created a unique space of activism by integrating organisation politics parliamentary politics and cultural domain.
 See also Columbia Glacier (Alaska).Columbia Glacier is a glacier located in the Henry M. Jackson Wilderness in the U.S. state of Washington. It descends from 5600 ft (1700 m) to 4700 ft (1400 m) above sea level. It is surrounded by Columbia Peak Monte Cristo Peak and Kyes Peak and is a source of water for Blanca Lake and Troublesome Creek a tributary of the North Fork Skykomish River. The glacier retreated 278 ft (85 m) between 1979 and 2004.
 To Your Scattered Bodies Go (1971) is a science fiction novel and the first book in the Riverworld series of books by Philip José Farmer. It won a Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1972 at the 30th Worldcon. The title is derived from the 7th of the Holy Sonnets by English poet John Donne:At the round earth's imagin'd corners blowYour trumpets angels and arise ariseFrom death you numberless infinitiesOf souls and to your scattered bodies go.↑
 Orr: My Story is a 2013 autobiography written by Bobby Orr. Orr is a former professional hockey player who played in the National Hockey League from 1966 to 1978. Orr played for two teams: the Boston Bruins and the Chicago Black Hawks. Considered one of the greatest players of all time Orr's career was cut short by multiple knee injuries and surgeries. Orr was enshrined in the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1979 at age 31 the youngest to be inducted into the Hall at that time.
 Magnuszew Duży [maɡˈnuʂɛf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Szelków 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 69 km (43 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Hot Pursuit is a 1987 Adventure/Action-Comedy film starring John Cusack Robert Loggia Jerry Stiller Ben Stiller(in his first acting role) and Keith David.
 Diadema mexicanum is a species of long-spined sea urchin belonging to the family Diadematidae. It is native to the Pacific coast of Mexico Costa Rica El Salvador Nicaragua and Panama.
 Kalamita Gulf (Russian: Каламитский залив Ukrainian: Каламітська затока Crimean Tatar: Kalamita körfezi Каламита корьфези) is a gulf in the Black Sea near Yevpatoria Crimea.
 Oryzias curvinotus or the Malabar ricefish are a freshwater–brackish fish species native to the Gulf of Kutch to Trivandrum Kerala India. Their maximum length is only 3 centimetres (1.2 in) so their diet is small normally mosquito larvae. They are normally found in estuaries but can live in fresh water for a short time. They breed July–August.
 Edward S. Osienski is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Delaware House of Representatives since January 11 2011 representing District 24.
 The Clarence H. Cooke House later known as the Marks Estate at 3860 Old Pali Road Honolulu Hawaiʻi was built for Clarence Hyde Cooke the second son of Charles Montague Cooke and Anna Rice Cooke heirs of the Castle & Cooke fortune.
 Beautiful Life is the second album by Guy Sebastian. It was released 18 October 2004 on Sony BMG Australia. It was followed by his The Beautiful Life Australian concert tour.
 The village of Bidnija is situated on a rural hamlet in the central northern part of Malta and home to 308 people (by 2008) which means that it is the second smallest village in the Maltese islands after Mdina (306 people). Bidnija is a tiny village even by Maltese standards and is located between two main valleys which are 'Wied Qannotta' and 'Wied Tal-Pwales' that extends into other small valleys surrounding the area.
 Blonde Venus is a 1932 Pre-Code drama film starring Marlene Dietrich and Cary Grant. The movie was produced and directed for Paramount Pictures by Josef von Sternberg with a screenplay by Jules Furthman and S. K. Lauren adapted from a story by Furthman and von Sternberg. The music score was by W.
 From 1802 to 1921 Eleutherian Mills was a gunpowder mill site used for the manufacture of explosives by the Du Pont family business. The name also refers to the house on the hill above the mills which was the first Du Pont family home in America. The business was founded by Eleuthère Irénée du Pont. In 1952 the site became an outdoor museum and the Hagley Museum and Library was founded.
 A Song of Sixpence is a 1964 novel by A. J. Cronin about the coming to manhood of Laurence Carroll and his life in Scotland. Its sequel is A Pocketful of Rye.As with several of his other novels Cronin drew on his own experiences growing up in Scotland for this book. The titles of both novels come from the children's nursery rhyme Sing a Song of Sixpence.
 Sikora [ɕiˈkɔra] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 40.
 The Huguenot Schoolhouse also known as District Schoolhouse No. 3 the 1863 Schoolhouse and the Town of Deerpark Museum is located on South Grange Road a short distance from US 209 in Huguenot a hamlet of the Town of Deerpark in Orange County New York USA. It was built in 1863 and currently serves as a local historic museum.
 Flashpoint is an American comic book crossover story arc published by DC Comics. Consisting of an eponymous core limited series and a number of tie-in titles the storyline premiered in May 2011. The core miniseries was written by Geoff Johns and penciled by Andy Kubert.
 Victor Alfred Knox (January 13 1899 – December 13 1976) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.Knox was born on a farm in Chippewa County Michigan near Sault Ste. Marie. He attended the public schools and engaged in farming until 1943. He was the treasurer of Soo Township in 1923 and 1924 and Chippewa County supervisor 1925-1931.
 Eucereon costulata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1855. It is found in Panama and Venezuela.
 Gradac is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Taiteilijaelämää (Finnish for An Artist's Life) is the third solo album of Ismo Alanko released in 1995. Alanko later used the same title for his 2006 DVD Taiteilijaelämää vuosilta 1989-2006.
 $1.99 Romances is an album by God Street Wine. It was their first release on a major record label and their only release with Geffen. Disappointed about the promotion of this record GSW negotiated to be dropped from the label after this album came out. They then recorded their next album Red on their own before being signed to Mercury Records.
 Benjamin Franklin O'Neal Jr. known as B.F. O'Neal Jr. (June 23 1922 — April 29 2004) was a Shreveport businessman and a pioneer in the development of the modern Republican Party in the U.S. state of Louisiana. O'Neal was a member of the Caddo Parish Police Jury (now the Caddo Parish Commission) from 1964 to 1968 and the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1972 to 1988.
 Acanthotetilla celebensis is a species of demosponge belonging to the family Tetillidae. It is only known from a single specimen collected at a depth of 14 m off Bunaken Island north Sulawesi Indonesia.This firm yellow sponge is roughly hemispherical and around 12 cm across. Like other Acanthotetilla species it is characterized by the presence of distinctive spiny spicules called megacanthoxeas.
 Delinquent Daughters or Accent on Crime is a 1944 exploitation film. Directed by Albert Herman and starring June Carlson the film was about a police investigation into the suicide death of a high school girl and the hard-partying teenagers at a party prior to the incident.
 Oaky River a perennial stream of the Macleay River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 Dezső Szilágyi (1 April 1840 – 30 July 1901) was a Hungarian politician and jurist who served as Minister of Justice between 1889 and 1895.
 The Old Hall County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse in Gainesville Georgia. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 8 1995. It is located at the junction of Spring Street and Green Street. It was built in 1937 with an addition at the rear in 1975.The courthouse was designed by the Atlanta architecture firm of Daniell & Beutell in the Stripped Classical style.
 Kursela is a Village in Katihar district of Bihar state India
 Newcomb's Ranch is a roadhouse at 5340 feet (1630 m) in elevation in the Angeles National Forest near Los Angeles California. It is the only private property along the Angeles Crest Highway and is very popular with motorcyclists and is called the informal headquarters for riders by the Los Angeles Magazine and one of Southern California's most famous Rickey Racer Roadhouses by Motorcyclist.
 Un Nuevo Dia' redirects here. For the television series see Un Nuevo Día.Un Nuevo Dia is the fourth studio album and second Spanish language album by Frankie J. Released on June 13 2006 Un Nuevo Dia spawned the hit single Pensando En Ti.Although only charting at #196 on the Billboard 200 chart the album did exceptionally well on the Latin charts peaking at #9. Un Nuevo Dia has since been certified Gold.
 Hearts of Oak is a 1924 drama film directed by John Ford. The film is considered to be lost.
 Saturnia pyri the Giant Peacock Moth is a Saturniid moth which is native to Europe. It is the largest European Moth and is also called as the Great Peacock Moth Giant Emperor Moth or Viennese Emperor. In French it is called Grand paon de nuit.
 Pico da Antónia is Santiago's tallest mountain located in the central part of the island in Cape Verde. It is ranked before Serra da Malagueta in the north of the island. The area within the peak and its mountain range are part of the national park of the same name. The area surrounding the mountain is rocky and grassy with a couple of forests in its valley and the low-lying areas grasslands and plants dominate the middle part and rocks within the summit of the peak.
 Bill Thomas is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives representing District 26 since 2007. He previously served from 1997 through 2004.
 Boris Variations is a compilation of previously recorded and re-recorded audio music as well as live video music by Japanese band Boris. The CD comprises selections from six Boris full-length releases (Akuma no Uta Heavy Rocks Pink Rainbow Mabuta no Ura and SMILE) as well as one single b-side (Floor Shaker is from the Statement single). Five of the 13 songs have been re-recorded. Production credits on the CD are for Boris.
 Merklín (Karlovy Vary District) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Grey Dusk of Eve is a limited-edition EP by Canadian folk music group The Rankin Family released by EMI in 1995. It peaked at number 29 on the RPM Top Albums chart. The EP was certified Gold by the CRIA for sales of 50000 copies.
 White Light is a full-length album released by the British electronic music duo Groove Armada in 2010. It consists alternative versions of songs from their previous album Black Light along with one new song entitled 1980.
 The Mentawai long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys siporanus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Videvik is a newspaper published in Estonia.
 Johor Bahru City Square is a shopping centre and office building located in the Central Business district of Johor Bahru. City Square along with Komtar are located on Jalan Wong Ah Fook. Due in part to its proximity to the Johor-Singapore Causeway City Square attracts many shoppers from Singapore.
 Sharpe's Revenge is a British television drama part of a series that follows the career of Richard Sharpe a British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars. The adaptation is based on the novel of the same name by Bernard Cornwell.
 Live In Seattle is the first live album by singer/songwriter Shawn McDonald on Sparrow Records.
 Peter F. Vallone Jr. (born March 23 1961) was a member of the New York City Council representing the 22nd District encompassing Astoria Queens and the surrounding communities from 2002 to 2013. Vallone served as Chair of the Council's Public Safety Committee.
 The Ngatiawa River is a river on the Kapiti Coast of New Zealand's North Island that is a major tributary of the Waikanae River. Its headwaters are in the Tararua Range and it flows north and northwest through the Akatarawa Valley to Reikorangi where it meets the Waikanae River.
 F. H. Gunasekara was the 27th Surveyor General of Sri Lanka. He was appointed in 1966 succeeding J. C. Chanmugam and held the office until 1967. He was succeeded by P. U. Ratnatunga.
 City Centre Mall is a shopping mall located in Shimoga Karnataka and is the city's first shopping mall. Developed by UAE based EKK Group City Centre Mall is attached to the KSRTC bus station and is the state's first ISO 14001 certified mall.
 Microsphecia brosiformis is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found from the Balkan Peninsula to the Crimea southern Russia (Sarepta) Asia Minor the Caucasus Iran Turkmenistan and Afghanistan.The larvae feed on the roots of Convolvulus species including Convolvulus arvensis.
 À bientôt j'espère (literally translates as Until soon I hope) is a 1968 French documentary film directed by Chris Marker and Mario Marret. It tells the story of a strike action at a textile factory in Besançon in March 1967. The film was shot in black and white with photography by Pierre Lhomme.
 Benson Leavitt (21 June 1797–1 June 1869) was a Boston Massachusetts businessman born in New Hampshire who served as an Alderman of Boston and later as Acting Mayor after the incumbent became incapacitated and died while in office.Benson Leavitt was born at Hampton Falls New Hampshire on June 21 1797 the son of land surveyor Thomas and his wife Hannah (Melcher) Leavitt.
 The Los Angeles Daily News (originally the Los Angeles Illustrated Daily News) often referred to simply as the Daily News was a newspaper published from 1923 to 1954. It was operated through most of its existence by Manchester Boddy. The publication has no connection with the current newspaper of the same name.The Daily News was founded in 1923 by the young Cornelius Vanderbilt IV as the first of several newspapers he wanted to manage.
 The Senqunyane River is a river of central Lesotho. It rises in the Maluti Mountains in northwest Lesotho and flows southwards and then westwards for 120 kilometres before joining the Senqu River (Orange River) in the southwest.
 The Loknya (Russian: Локня) is a river in Loknyansky and Bezhanitsky Districts of Pskov Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Lovat River. It is 119 kilometres (74 mi) long and the area of its basin 2190 square kilometres (850 sq mi).The name of the settlement of Loknya and consequently of Loknyansky District originated from the name of the river.The source of the Loknya is Lake Loknovo in the southwestern part of Loknyansky District.
 Sulki [ˈsulki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Miastkowo 13 km (8 mi) west of Łomża and 85 km (53 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Ceiba stream frog Ptychohyla spinipollex is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Honduras. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Congregational Church building in Southbridge Massachusetts is a high Victorian Gothic Revival brick structure at 61 Elm Street. It is the only such church in Southbridge. It was built in 1885 to replace an earlier (1822) wood frame structure on the same site whose steeple was felled by a storm.
 Murgod is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Saundatti taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.It is situated 491 km from our capital city Bangalore and 54 km from district headquarters Belagavi.
 Fasciola gigantica is a parasitic flatworm of the class Trematoda which causes tropical fascioliasis. It is regarded as one of the most important single platyhelminth infections of ruminants in Asia and Africa. Estimates of infection rates are as high as 80-100% in some countries. The infection is commonly called fasciolosis.The prevalence of F.
 Geert Lambert (born 28 February 1967) is a Flemish politician and lawyer. He was the president of Spirit a Flemish political party from 2004 until 2007 when he was succeeded by Bettina Geysen. In 2003 he became a member of the Chamber of Representatives where he headed the Spirit fraction and following the 2007 Belgian federal election held on 10 June 2007 he became a directly elected member of the Belgian Senate.
 Wild Seed – Wild Flower is the debut full-length album by Dionne Farris which she recorded after singing the song Tennessee by the alternative rap group Arrested Development. The lead single I Know (which allmusic's Tom Demalon called percolating and infectious) peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1995.
 Steklin [ˈstɛklin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Czernikowo and 28 km (17 mi) east of Toruń.
 Naimabad (Persian: نعيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Na‘īmābād) is a village in Sarpaniran Rural District in the Central District of Pasargad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 532 in 130 families.
 George Whiteley 1st Baron Marchamley PC (30 August 1855 – 21 October 1925) was a British Conservative turned Liberal politician. He served as Chief Whip between 1905 and 1908 in the Liberal administrations of Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman and H. H. Asquith.
 Schweina is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Tutto l'amore che ti manca is a 1987 album by Julio Iglesias.
 Vertigo is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1962 and 1963 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1980.
 Strike Me Pink is a 1936 American musical comedy film starring Eddie Cantor and Ethel Merman directed by Norman Taurog and produced by Samuel Goldwyn.Cantor plays a nebbishy employee of an amusement park forced to assert himself against a gang of slot-machine racketeers.
 Sohni Mahiwal is a 1984 Indian Bollywood film directed by Umesh Mehra and produced by F C Mehra. It stars Sunny Deol and Poonam Dhillon in pivotal roles.
 Shout out Loud! (Japanese: 叫んでやるぜ! Hepburn: Sakende Yaruze!) is a yaoi manga series created by Satosumi Takaguchi. It was originally serialized in the shōjo magazine Monthly Asuka.The story revolves around Shino Hisae a thirty-five-year-old yaoi anime voice actor who despite his age still looks like a teenager. Due to his looks he is often subject to advances from his fellow co-workers Tenryu-san and Mizusawa-kun.
 Pyrgiscus yoshikoae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 9 is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in 1983.The book collects ten novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors originally published in 1982 and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented together with an introduction by the editor.
 Zhang Xun (simplified Chinese: 张勋; traditional Chinese: 張勳; pinyin: Zhāng Xūn; September 16 1854 – September 11 1923) was a Qing-loyalist general who attempted to restore the abdicated emperor Puyi in 1917. He supported Yuan Shikai during his time as president.
 Daphnella epicharta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Jalikan-e Olya (Persian: جليكان عليا‎ also Romanized as Jalīkān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Jalīkān and Jalīkān-e Bālā) is a village in Mianrud Rural District Chamestan District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 548 in 142 families.
 The Vederoasa River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Amata heptaspila is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Australia.
 The Wings Over the Rockies Air and Space Museum (WOR) is located on the former grounds of Lowry Air Force Base in Denver Colorado. The museum which opened in 1994 is housed in the 40000 sq ft (4000 m2) Hangar #1 built in 1939. The museum preserves the history of Lowry AFB's operations from 1938 to 1994 in its collections archives and research library.
 Psychiatric Rehabilitation Journal is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 2002 and covers research on the topics of rehabilitation psychosocial treatment and recovery of people with serious mental illnesses. The current editors-in-chief are Judith A. Cook (University of Illinois) and Kim T. Mueser (Geisel School of Medicine).
 Edward Wilmot Blyden III (19 May 1918 – 10 October 2010) was a diplomat political scientist and educator born in Freetown Sierra Leone. He distinguished himself as an educator and contributor to post-colonial discourse on African self-government and Third World non-alignment. He was the grandson of Edward Wilmot Blyden.
 Silverburn (also known as Pollok Town Centre or The Centre) is an 'out of town' shopping centre located on Barrhead Road in Pollok Glasgow Scotland.
 Ronald N. Young (born October 19 1940) is an American former schoolteacher consultant college instructor and politician. He is now a member of the Maryland State Senate and is also a former mayor of Frederick Maryland.
 The Cross Cancer Institute is the comprehensive cancer centre for northern Alberta and is one of two tertiary cancer centres in the province. It provides inpatient and outpatient services for cancer patients and counselling and support services for patients and their families.
 The Râul Cocinilor is a tributary of the Robești River in Romania.
 The zebra loach (Botia striata) is a small freshwater fish native to southern India. The maximum size is about 3 inches (7.6 cm). It lives in tropical climate with temperature range of 23–26 °C (73–79 °F) and prefers water with 6.0 to 8.0 pH 5.0 to 12 dGH.Zebra loaches are peaceful fish suitable to community aquarium tanks. However being bottom feeders they may show some aggression against other smaller bottom feeders. Therefore small corydoras are not suitable tankmates.
 On The Wings was a 1973 album released by Socrates Drank The Conium. It features a heavier sound than the previous records reminiscent of that of 70s bands such as Led Zeppelin and progressive Black Sabbath. They did not lose their blues roots however as evidenced by such tracks as This Is The Rats.For the recording of this album Socrates Drank The Conium recruited a second guitarist in addition to Yannis Spathas. His name was Gus Doukakis.
 Prairie Creek is the Redwood Creek tributary drainage basin including the inland portion of Prairie Creek Redwoods State Park. Prairie Creek drains southerly through a Plio-Pleistocene non-marine sedimentary and metasedimentary formation to a confluence with Redwood Creek approximately one mile upstream of Orick California. The southern half of the channel exposes the Franciscan Assemblage and the lower reaches flow through Quaternary alluvium of the Redwood Creek estuarine floodplain.
 Plugged In was a monthly magazine published by Focus on the Family. Its print version was discontinued and now it survives as a web site Plugged In Online.Plugged In reviewed movies music general media and pop cultural issues from a conservative Christian perspective. A religious counterpart to magazines such as Entertainment Weekly and Teen People; their reviews focused on evaluating the morals of movies as well as their family-friendliness.
 Campaign is the leading weekly UK trade magazine published by the Haymarket Media Group about the advertising and commercial media industry known as the Bible of British adland.The magazine was originally published by the British Printing Corporation and titled World's Press News and in the late 1960s was struggling to find a market but Michael Heseltine then acquired it for Haymarket and hired Maurice Saatchi to rebrand and relaunch the magazine with design by Roland Schenk upon which it became an immediate success.
 The Malevolence of Mando Diao is the first compilation album by Swedish band Mando Diao containing a collection of B-sides live cuts and remixes from the band between the years 2002 and 2007.
 Stetson House is a colonial style historic house at Hanover Street in Hanover Massachusetts. It was built in 1716 by Samuel Drummer Stetson and lived in for at least a hundred years. In its early years before Hanover's first church was built people would sometimes use the house for prayer.In the Common room there is a large fireplace (one of six in the house) and a Yule log that was lit for good luck on Christmas but was never allowed to burn all the way.
 The Canoas River (Minas Gerais) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Strabena cachani is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Ihalagama Niyangama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Parornix retrusella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Russian Far East.The larvae feed on Crataegus pinnatifida. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 In the Moment is the second studio album by American DJ and producer Kaskade.
 James Patrick Jim Anderton (born 21 January 1938) is a New Zealand politician who led a succession of left wing parties after leaving the Labour Party in 1989. He served as Deputy Prime Minister from 1999 to 2002. In 2010 he ran unsuccessfully for the mayoralty of Christchurch. Anderton retired from Parliament at the 2011 election.
 Polyortha halianassa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Marnie is a 1964 psychological thriller directed by Alfred Hitchcock and based on the novel of the same name by Winston Graham. The film stars Tippi Hedren and Sean Connery.Evan Hunter produced initial drafts of the screenplay but was replaced by Jay Presson Allen after creative differences. The original film score was composed by Bernard Herrmann.
 The Doomsters is a 1958 mystery novel written by Ross Macdonald the seventh book in the Lew Archer series. Many sources agree that this book marked a turning point in the series wherein Macdonald abandoned his imitations of Raymond Chandler and Dashiell Hammett and found his own voice.
 Rannaküla is a village in Hanila Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 The Chuxiong Fire-bellied Newt (Cynops cyanurus) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family that is endemic to China.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and irrigated land. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Aliabad-e Sofla (Persian: علي ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Soflá; also known as ‘Alīābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Azghand Rural District Shadmehr District Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 453 in 100 families.
 The Silvretta Alps are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps shared by Tirol Vorarlberg (both in Austria) and Graubünden (Switzerland). The Austrian states of Tirol and Vorarlberg are connected by a pass road (Silvretta Hochalpenstraße at 2032 m). The majority of the peaks are elevated above three thousand metres and are surrounded by glaciers. Thus the area is also known as the Blue Silvretta.
 For the 1940 film produced by RKO see Swiss Family Robinson (1940 film)For the 1960 film produced by Disney see Swiss Family Robinson (1960 film)The Swiss Family Robinson (German: Der Schweizerische Robinson) is a novel by Johann David Wyss first published in 1812 about a Swiss family shipwrecked in the East Indies en route to Port Jackson Australia.
 Beamish the North of England Open Air Museum is an open-air museum located at Beamish near the town of Stanley County Durham England. The museum's guiding principle is to preserve an example of everyday life in urban and rural North East England at the climax of industrialisation in the early 20th century.Much of the restoration and interpretation is specific to the late Victorian and Edwardian eras together with portions of countryside under the influence of industrial revolution in 1825.
 Bình Ba is a commune (xã) and village in Châu Đức District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam. It was the site of the Battle of Bình Ba in June 1969.
 Yas Viceroy Abu Dhabi Hotel is built across the F1 Yas Marina Circuit in Abu Dhabi.
 Frans Edward Elisabeth Grootjans (24 January 1922 – 20 February 1999) was a Belgian politician and minister for the PVV.Grootjans was born at Wilrijk. He became a licentiate in the trade and consular sciences and was chief editor and director of the newspaper De Nieuwe Gazet. He was a Municipal Council member (1971–1986) in Antwerp and a member of parliament (1954–1987) for the district Antwerp for the PVV. Grootjans was President of the PVV (1973–1977 and 1981–1982).
 Mount Poromoi (ポロモイ岳 Poromoi-dake) is a volcano located on the Shiretoko Peninsula in Hokkaido northeastern Japan.
 702 is the self-titled second studio album from American R&B group of the same name released June 15 1999 on Motown.The album peaked at number thirty-four on the Billboard 200 chart. By November 2002 it was certified platinum in sales by the RIAA after sales exceeding 1000000 copies in the United States.
 The Reckoning is a non-fiction written by David Halberstam and published in 1986. He spent five years researching and writing the book.It is the third and final book of his trilogy study of the forces of power in America and has been described as a parallel history and study of the American and Japanese automobile industries using Nissan and Ford Motors as examples.
 Novembrine Waltz is the fourth studio album by Italian progressive/melodic metal Novembre. Vocals vary between clean-singing death metal growling and harsh black metal screams. The album features more gothic elements than the previous releases and contains many European elements such as the accordion on Distances or the chanting on Everasia
 Collene Lamonte is a Democratic politician from Michigan currently serving in the Michigan House of Representatives.Prior to her election to the Legislature Lamonte was a high school math and science teacher for the Muskegon Public Schools.
 The Yesterday Machine is a 1963 American film written directed and produced by Russ Marker and featuring Tim Holt James Britton Jack Herman Ann Pellegrino and Robert Bob Kelly.
 Peter John Michael Clarke CVO OBE QPM (born 27 July 1955) is a retired senior police officer with London's Metropolitan Police most notably having served as a Deputy Assistant Commissioner with the Specialist Operations directorate commanding the Counter Terrorism Command.
 Leidyula floridana common name the Florida leatherleaf is a species of tropical air-breathing land slugs shell-less terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Veronicellidae.
 Ischnocnemis skillmani is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak & Hovore in 2010.
 The Mexican spotted wood turtle (Rhinoclemmys rubida) or Mexican spotted terrapin is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae.It is endemic to Mexico.
 Tomorrow Becomes Yesterday is the fourth and final album of the band Bamboo. It is the first release of original material by the band since 2005's Light Peace Love. It achieved platinum status on September 28 2008 (two days after its release).In 2010 they released a repackaged version of the album and a bonus DVD containing music videos of the singles released in the album.
 Vernor Winfield Smith (February 17 1864 – July 19 1932) was a politician in Alberta Canada who served as the province's Minister of Railways and Telephones from 1921 until 1932. Born in 1864 in Prince Edward Island he moved to British Columbia in 1883 where he worked for several railway companies as an accountant. In 1915 he moved to Camrose Alberta to become a farmer.
 The Tête de l'Estrop is a mountain in the Alps belonging to the French department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence. It is the highest peak of the Provence Alps and Prealps.
 Eleanor Cope Emlen School of Practice is a historic school building located in the Mount Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1925-1926. It is a three-story nine bay brick building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival-style. An auditorium addition was built in 1930. It features a central two-story bay window stone surrounds and a crenelated parapet.
 Ella sigue de viaje (She travels on) is the second book published by Mexican writer Luis Felipe Lomelí published in 2005. It is best known for the opening short story named El emigrante (The Emigrant) a flash fiction story which consist only of the four words ¿Olvida usted algo? -¡Ojalá!  (Forget something? -If only!).
 Free Money is a 1998 black comedy film directed by Yves Simoneau produced by Nicolas Clermont and written by Anthony Peck and Joseph Brutsman.
 Au Pied de Cochon is a restaurant in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 536 Duluth Street East in the borough of Le Plateau-Mont-Royal. It was founded by chef Martin Picard in 2001.
 St. Bernard's Church is a historic church at 44 University Avenue in Akron Ohio.The original church was built in 1861 on the current site of the National Inventor's Hall of Fame S.T.E.M. school. The current church building was begun in 1902 and opened in 1905. It features a German Baroque Romanesque style. St. Bernard Church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Chilling Visions: 5 Senses of Fear is a 2013 horror anthology film that was directed by Eric England (Taste) Nick Everhart (Smell) Emily Hagins (Touch) Miko Hughes (See) Jesse Holland and Andy Mitton (Listen). The anthology was originally broadcast on the Chiller network on May 31 2013 and was released onto DVD and Blu-ray on October 22 of the same year.
 Samak (Persian: سمك‎ also Romanized as Samk; also known as Sanmak Sīmak and Simorgh) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 44 families.
 San Miguel (Catamarca) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Battle's Clarion is the second full-length studio release from Texan black metal band Averse Sefira. Originally released by Lost Disciple in 2001 it was picked up and reissued by Candlelight in 2007 (Candelight being their label now).
 The Archaeology of Knowledge (French: L'archéologie du savoir) is a 1969 book by the French philosopher Michel Foucault. It is a methodological and historiographical treatise promoting what Foucault calls archaeology or the archaeological method an analytical method he implicitly used in his previous works Madness and Civilization The Birth of the Clinic and The Order of Things.
 The Journal of Experimental Social Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering social psychology. It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the Society of Experimental Social Psychology (SESP).
 James T. Jim Beall Jr. (born December 7 1951) is an American Democratic politician. He currently serves in the California State Senate representing the 15th district.On July 9 1983 he and Patricia F. Pat Lafkas were married. He has two stepsons Gregory B. Chubb (born November 7 1967) and Mark J. Chubb (born June 16 1970). Beall is a vegetarian.
 Life Is Most Important (Spanish: Lo que importa es vivir) is a 1987 Mexican drama film directed by Luis Alcoriza. It was entered into the 15th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Ain't Supposed To Die A Natural Death is a 1971 album by Melvin Van Peebles featuring mostly spoken word poetry over music written by Van Peebles. Some of its material was used in later projects such as Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song and the stage musical with the same title Ain't Supposed to Die a Natural Death. Note that this is an album of original material not to be confused with the soundtrack LP released for the musical itself.
 Henry Paddack (April 2 1838 – 1920) was an American businessman and politician who served as the Treasurer; a member of the Board of Selectmen of Nantucket Massachusetts and as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
 Clark Bissell (September 7 1782 – September 15 1857) was the 34th Governor of Connecticut. He served as an Associate Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court from 1829 to 1839. He has previously served as a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives representing Norwalk and the Connecticut Senate representing the 12th District.
 Mount Juneau is a 3576-foot (1090 m) massif in Southeast Alaska just one and a half miles east of downtown Juneau Alaska in the Boundary Ranges.
 Peringolam(Malayalam: പെരിങ്ങൊളം) is a developing village in the west of Peruvayal panchayath in Kozhikode district Kerala.It situated near NH 212 for 2 Kilometres.This village is surrounded by Kunnamangalam Kuttikatoor Kurikkathoor and Kottamparamb.
 Rampurwa is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3551 persons residing in 611 individual households.
 Chatfield Reservoir and dam on the South Platte River south of Littleton Colorado were built by the United States Army Corps of Engineers as a response to the disastrous flood of 1965. In addition to its primary purpose of flood control it serves as one of many water supply reservoirs for the city of Denver Colorado.
 Edwardów [ɛdˈvarduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Ryki and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Blastobasis millicentae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in south-eastern Kenya and South Africa. The habitat consists of coastal lowlands.The length of the forewings is 4.1–4.5 mm. The forewings are pale brown on the basal two-thirds and brown intermixed brown scales tipped with white and pale brown scales on the distal one-third. The hindwings are pale brown.The larvae feed on Hirtella zanzibarica.
 The Potato River is a 10.3-mile-long (16.6 km) river in Ontonagon County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Lake Superior.
 Cyrille Vaillancourt (January 17 1892 – October 30 1969) was a journalist civil servant businessman and political figure in Quebec. Vaillancourt played an important role in the development of the caisses populaires in Quebec.
 Laura Lane Welch Bush (born November 4 1946) is the wife of the 43rd President of the United States George W. Bush. She was the First Lady from 2001 to 2009. She graduated from Southern Methodist University in 1968 with a bachelor's degree in education and soon took a job as a second grade teacher. After attaining her master's degree in Library Science at the University of Texas at Austin she was employed as a librarian.
 Łosiniec [wɔˈɕiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Korycin 22 km (14 mi) west of Sokółka and 30 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Museo di Capodimonte is located in the Palace of Capodimonte a grand Bourbon palazzo in Naples Italy. The museum is the prime repository of Neapolitan painting and decorative art with several important works from other Italian schools of painting and some important ancient Roman sculptures.
 H. W. Ambrose House also known as Dunmeade is a historic home located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina. It was built from 1924 to 1926 and is a large two-and-one-half-story cruciform plan brick residence in the Tudor Revival style. It features a steeply-pitched gable roof sheathed in slate. Also on the property are a garage and pool house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Vero Electronics was the debut album by UK group Add N To (X) released in 1996. Add N To (X) were later signed by Daniel Miller to Mute Records.
 Chukkallo Chandrudu is a 2006 Telugu film released on 14 January 2006 and was directed by debutant Siva Kumar one of Mani Ratnam's associates. The film has Siddharth Narayan Sadha Saloni Aswani Charmme Kaur and Akkineni Nageswara Rao playing important roles. The film story lines nearly equals to Jagapati Babu's film Allari Premikudu.
 Abantis rubra the Russet Paradise Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Nigeria (the Cross River loop) Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Men in Her Life was a 1941 film adaptation of the novel Ballerina by Eleanor Smith. It was nominated for the 1941 Academy Award for Sound (John Livadary) but lost to That Hamilton Woman.
 Maharajganj is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10454 people living in 1779 individual households. A small flood in 1993 ruined a marginal amount of cropland.
 Vokesimurex elenensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Talk of the Town Tora-san (男はつらいよ 噂の寅次郎 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Uwasa no Torajirō) aka Torasan and a Lovely Maid is a 1978 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Reiko Ōhara as his love interest or Madonna. Talk of the Town Tora-san is the twenty-second entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 Growing Up in Public is the second album by English actor and singer Jimmy Nail produced by Nail Guy Pratt and Danny Schogger and released in 1992 on the Warner Music UK label. Included is the single Ain't No Doubt a UK chart topper for three weeks in July 1992. Three further singles were released of which only Laura charted at #58. Growing Up in Public reached #2 on the UK Albums Chart.Contributors to the album include George Harrison David Gilmour Gary Moore and Sam Brown.
 The Alden-Delahanty Block is a historic commercial block at 858 Main Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. The large three story brick Victorian building is one of the most imposing commercial buildings in the Globe Village part of Main Street. It was built in 1888 for William E. Alden who operated a dry goods store on the first floor. The building housed shops on the ground floor offices on the second and a meeting hall space on the third floor.
 The Church of Saints Cyril & Methodius and St. Raphael. is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 502 West 41st Street in Hell's Kitchen / Clinton Manhattan New York City near the entrance to the Lincoln Tunnel. It was established in 1974 from the parish merger of St. Raphael's Roman Catholic Church and SS. Cyril & Methodius and is staffed by the Franciscan Friars. The church is located in the former St. Raphael's Church.
 Lower Dock Hill Road Stone Arch Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at Cornwall on Hudson in Orange County New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Mary Hubler is a former Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 75th Assembly District from 1984 to 2010. She was the chair of the Committee on Ethics and Standards of Conduct and a member of the Committee on Veterans and Military Affairs the Joint Committee for Review of Administrative Rules and the Special Committee on State Trails Policy.
 Matały [maˈtawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Łochów 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Węgrów and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Carbide and Sorrel (German: Karbid und Sauerampfer) is a 1963 East German film directed by Frank Beyer and starring Erwin Geschonneck.
 Peter Donald Styles (born 8 July 1953) is an Australian politician. He has been a Country Liberal Party member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly since 2008 representing the electorate of Sanderson.
 These Wilder Years is a 1956 drama film directed by Roy Rowland and starring James Cagney and Barbara Stanwyck. It is the story of a businessman who tries to find the illegitimate son he gave up to an orphanage many years ago.These Wilder Years marked the first onscreen pairing of Hollywood stars Cagney and Stanwyck.
 The Pănicerul River or Pănicelul River is a tributary of the Sohodol River in Romania.
 Not to be confused with Lo-Tel song Teenager of the YearReleased in 1994 Teenager of the Year was Frank Black’s second solo album produced by former Pere Ubu member Eric Drew Feldman who also played keyboards. This album is often cited as the high-point of Francis' post-Pixies catalogue even being named to Pitchfork's Top 100 Albums of the 90's.
 Qarah Omar (Persian: قره عمر‎ also Romanized as Qarah ‘Omar) is a village in Saruq Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 406 in 81 families.
 Gino Costa Santolalla (born 27 January 1956) is a Peruvian politician who served as Interior Minister in the Cabinet of Peru from 2002 to 2003.He studied Law at the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru completed a Masters in Development Studies at the University of East Anglia in 1983 and then completed his MPhil and PhD in International Relations at the University of Cambridge.
 The Walsh County Courthouse in Grafton North Dakota was built in 1940. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It was designed by architect T.B. Wells in Art Deco architecture.
 Onagrodes eucineta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.
 Concord is a historic home located in District Heights Prince George's County Maryland. It is a 1790s 2 1⁄2-story Flemish bond brick house with a five-bay south facade and a later two-part wing which stretches to the west. The home was built for Zachariah Berry Sr. (1749-1845) a prosperous planter who had large landholdings in Maryland the District of Columbia and Kentucky. A great deal of the home's features are Greek Revival-influenced dating from an 1860s renovation.
 Maneh-ye Pain (Persian: منه پايين‎ also Romanized as Maneh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Manneh-ye Pāeen) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 25 families.
 Heydarabad-e Chenareh (Persian: حيدرابادچناره‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād-e Chenāreh) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 31 families.
 Embsay Priory was a priory in North Yorkshire England.
 Wasabi is a 2001 French action-comedy film directed by Gérard Krawczyk and written and produced by Luc Besson. The film stars Jean Reno Michel Muller and Ryōko Hirosue. In France it was released as Wasabi la petite moutarde qui monte au nez (Wasabi the little mustard that gets right up your nose).
 The Plosca River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
 The Fabulous Charlie Rich is a 1969 album by country music legend Charlie Rich. In its review AllMusic praises the album for capturing the eclectic nature of Rich's music better than the great majority of his albums but warns country purists that producer Billy Sherrill's production may make it less to their tastes. In spite of launching several hit singles the album was not a widespread commercial success.
 We Free Kings is a 1961 LP by the jazz multi-instrumentalist Roland Kirk. His group works through a set of bluesy post-bop numbers including a highly regarded version of Charlie Parker's Blues for Alice. The title track a Kirk composition is a variation on the Christmas carol We Three Kings.The Allmusic review by Lindsay Planer calls the album among the most consistent of his early efforts.
 Astronomy Reports (Russian: Астрономический журнал) is a Russian monthly peer reviewed scientific journal. This journal tends to focus its publishing efforts on original research regarding astronomical topics. Other types of reporting are also included such as chronicles proceedings of international conferences and book reviews. Founded in 1924 it is described as the most prominent astronomy journal during the age of the Soviet Union.
 Dr. Alfred Nganga Mutua (born 22 August 1970) was the 1st Official Kenyan Government Spokesperson and Public Communications Secretary. He resigned in September 2012 in order to vie for the position of Governor for Machakos. He went on to win the election with 71% of the vote.He was born in Masii Machakos County and is married with several children.
 Who Could That Be at This Hour? is the first novel of the children's novel series All the Wrong Questions by Lemony Snicket a series set before the events of A Series of Unfortunate Events. The novel tells the story of a young Lemony Snicket who is apprenticing for the V.F.D. under the worst-ranked agent S. Theodora Markson. The book was published on October 23 2012 by Little Brown and Company and illustrated by Seth.
 Airmen's Cave is a cave located adjacent to Barton Creek in Travis County in the south of Austin Texas. It is 3444 metres (11299 ft) long and is characterised by long crawls and tight passages.The cave was discovered in 1971 by two airmen from Bergstrom Air Force Base who excavated a draughting crack under a crag.
 The Fairy and the Waif is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Marie Hubert Frohman and George Irving. The film was the debut of actress Mary Miles Minter who was twelve years old by the time of the release under that name.She had previously appeared in a short film entitled The Nurse credited as Juliet Shelby (her birth name).A copy is preserved at Cinematheque Francais Paris.
 Chehrak (Persian: چهرك‎) is a village in Baghestan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 A Passage to India (1924) is a novel by English author E. M. Forster set against the backdrop of the British Raj and the Indian independence movement in the 1920s. It was selected as one of the 100 great works of English literature by the Modern Library and won the 1924 James Tait Black Memorial Prize for fiction. Time magazine included the novel in its 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005. The novel is based on Forster's experiences in India. E.M.
 Leptotyphlops dissimilis or the Sudan blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Sir Ralph Sadler (also Sadleir Sadlier) PC Knight banneret (1507 – 30 March 1587) was an English statesman who served Henry VIII as Privy Councillor Secretary of State and ambassador to Scotland. Sadler went on to serve Edward VI although having signed the device settling the crown on Jane Grey was obliged to retire to his estates during the reign of Mary I.
 Genjirō Kaneko (金子 原二郎 Kaneko Genjirō born May 8 1944) is the governor of Nagasaki Prefecture in Japan. A native of Ikitsuki Nagasaki and graduate of Keio University he was elected governor of Nagasaki Prefecture after serving in the assembly of Nagasaki Prefecture for three terms since 1975 and then in the House of Representatives in the Diet (national legislature) for five terms since 1983. He is retiring to be replaced by Hodo Nakamura.
 The B.B. Kirkland Seed and Distributing Company is a three story historic warehouse building at 912 Lady Street in Columbia South Carolina. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Winners is a 2011 documentary film.
 Sir Horace Archambeault (March 6 1857 – August 25 1918) was a politician and judge in the Canadian province of Quebec.He was born in L'Assomption Quebec in 1857 the son of Louis Archambeault. In 1888 Archambeault replaced his father as representative for the division of Repentigny in the Legislative Council of Quebec. He was to hold this position until 1908 when he was appointed a judge for the Quebec Court of King’s Bench.
 Paloli Mohammed Kutty (born 11 November 1931) is an Indian politician social worker the former Minister for Local Administration in the Government of Kerala and a member of both State and Central Committee of Communist Party of India (Marxist). He represented the Ponnani constituency in Malappuram district in the Kerala Legislative Assembly from 2006-2011.
 Behestan (Persian: بهستان‎ also Romanized as Behestān; also known as Bīstān) is a village in Bastam Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 14 families.
 The Recovered EP is a digital EP released by Propagandhi on April 6 2010. It comprises three previously unreleased tracks from the How To Clean Everything and Less Talk More Rock sessions remixed by lead singer and guitarist Chris Hannah. The EP was released to benefit Partners in Health to whom all profits are donated. [1]
 Fulgurofusus bermudezi is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Plakinidae is a family of marine sponges composed of five genera: Corticium Schmidt 1862 Corticium acanthastrum Thomas 1968 Corticium bargibanti Lévi & Lévi 1983 Corticium candelabrum Schmidt 1862 Corticium niger Pulitzer-Finali 1996 Corticium quadripartitum Topsent 1923 Corticium simplex Lendenfeld 1907 Placinolopha Topsent 1897 Placinolopha acantholopha (Thomas 1970) Placinolopha bedoti Topsent 1897 Placinolopha europae Vacelet & Vasseur 1971 Placinolopha moncharmonti (Sarà 1960) Placinolopha sarai Lévi & Lévi 1989 Placinolopha spinosa Kirkpatrick 1900 Plakina Schulze 1880 Plakina atka Lehnert Stone & Heimler 2005 Plakina australis (Gray 1867) Plakina bioxea Green & Bakus 1994 Plakina bowerbanki (Sarà 1960) Plakina brachylopha Topsent 1927 Plakina corticioides Vacelet Vasseur & Lévi 1976 Plakina corticolopha Lévi & Lévi 1983 Plakina crypta Muricy Boury-Esnault Bézac & Vacelet 1998 Plakina dilopha Schulze 1880 Plakina elisa (de Laubenfels 1936) Plakina endoumensis Muricy Boury-Esnault Bézac & Vacelet 1998 Plakina fragilis Desqueyroux-Faúndez & van Soest 1997 Plakina jamaicensis Lehnert & van Soest 1998 Plakina jani Muricy Boury-Esnault Bézac & Vacelet 1998 Plakina microlobata Desqueyroux-Faúndez & van Soest 1997 Plakina monolopha Schulze 1880 Plakina pacifica Desqueyroux-Faúndez & van Soest 1997 Plakina reducta (Pulitzer-Finali 1983) Plakina tanaga Lehnert Stone & Heimler 2005 Plakina tetralopha (Hechtel 1965) Plakina tetralophoides Muricy Boury-Esnault Bézac & Vacelet 1998 Plakina topsenti (Pouliquen 1972) Plakina trilopha Schulze 1880 Plakina versatilis (Schmidt 1880) Plakina weinbergi Muricy Boury-Esnault Bézac & Vacelet 1998 Plakinastrella Schulze 1880 Plakinastrella ceylonica (Dendy 1905) Plakinastrella clathrata Kirkpatrick 1900 Plakinastrella clippertonensis Van Soest Kaiser & Van Syoc 2011 Plakinastrella copiosa Schulze 1880 Plakinastrella mammillaris Lendenfeld 1907 Plakinastrella microspiculifera Moraes & Muricy 2003 Plakinastrella minor (Dendy 1916) Plakinastrella mixta Maldonado 1992 Plakinastrella onkodes Uliczka 1929 Plakinastrella oxeata Topsent 1904 Plakinastrella polysclera Lévi & Lévi 1989 Plakinastrella trunculifera Topsent 1927 Plakortis Schulze 1880 Plakortis albicans Cruz-Barraza & Carballo 2005 Plakortis angulospiculatus (Carter 1882) Plakortis bergquistae Muricy 2011 Plakortis communis Muricy 2011 Plakortis copiosa Pulitzer-Finali 1993 Plakortis erythraena Lévi 1958 Plakortis fromontae Muricy 2011 Plakortis galapagensis Desqueyroux-Faúndez & van Soest 1997 Plakortis halichondrioides (Wilson 1902) Plakortis hooperi Muricy 2011 Plakortis insularis Moraes & Muricy 2003 Plakortis japonica (Hoshino 1977) Plakortis kenyensis Pulitzer-Finali 1993 Plakortis lita de Laubenfels 1954 Plakortis microrhabdifera Moraes & Muricy 2003 Plakortis nigra Lévi 1953 Plakortis quasiamphiaster Díaz & van Soest 1994 Plakortis simplex Schulze 1880 Plakortis zyggompha (de Laubenfels 1934)↑
 Niskajärvi is a lake located in Kouvola municipality in Eastern Finland. It is a medium-sized lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Southern Savonia and the municipality of Juva. In Finland there are 10 lakes with the name Niskajärvi. This is the biggest of them.
 Santa Brigida is a convent church dedicated to St Bridget of Sweden and the Swedish national church in Rome. It was also known as Santa Brigida a Campo de' Fiori since it was built on what was then part of Campo de' Fiori but is now the urbanistically distinct Piazza Farnese.
 Godziszewo [ɡɔd͡ʑiˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Wolsztyn and 69 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 300.
 The Mathews-Powell House is a Victorian house located in Queen City Texas United States. The house was dedicated as a Texas Historical Landmark in 1973 and was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on September 22 1977. The house was built in 1878 by William Franklin Mathews (1840-1900) and his wife Harriet India Sharp. Mathews a Confederate veteran and farmer moved to Queen City when it was founded (1877) and became a successful merchant.
 The Richard and Geraldine Hodgson House in New Canaan Connecticut is an International Style house that was built in 1951. It was designed by Philip C. Johnson and Landis Gores. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.It is significant as an example of International Style architecture and for it being designed by prominent architect Johnson. It was designed in 1950-1951 and was built in two phases in 1950 and in 1955. It is U-shaped and has a garden court.
 William Edwin Chilton (March 17 1858 – November 7 1939) was a United States Senator from West Virginia. Born in Colesmouth Virginia (now St. Albans West Virginia) he attended public and private schools and graduated from Shelton College in St. Albans. He taught school studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1880 commencing practice in Charleston West Virginia in 1882. He also engaged in the newspaper publishing business and was prosecuting attorney of Kanawha County in 1883.
 Typhlodessus monteithi is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Typhlodessus.
 Megalebia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Megalebia colasi Mateu 1972 Megalebia migrotestacea Mateu 1972↑
 Coleophora viridicuprella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including California and Oregon.The larvae feed on the seeds of Juncus species. They create a trivalved tubular silken case.
 Incheh Salah-e Sofla (Persian: اينچه صلاح سفلي‎ also Romanized as Īncheh Şalāḩ-e Soflá) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 23 families.
 Prospect Hill Cemetery is a historic cemetery at Auburn Road in Millis Massachusetts.The cemetery was founded in 1714 and added to the National Historic Register in 2006. Among those buried in the cemetery are politician Christian Herter who served as U.S. Secretary of State and Governor of Massachusetts and two Medal of Honor recipients Charles Church Roberts and William D. Newland.
 Flying Blind Flying Safe is a non-fiction book about the American airline industry and Federal Aviation Administration written by Mary Schiavo with Sabra Chartrand. The book was first published in March 1997 in hardcover format by Avon Books. An updated paperback edition was published on April 1 1998. Schiavo is a former Inspector General of the United States Department of Transportation and Chartrand a journalist for The New York Times.
 Manhalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bidar taluk of Bidar district in Karnataka.
 Kami (Persian: كمي‎ also Romanized as Kamī) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The New Rebellion is a 1996 bestselling fictional Star Wars novel written by Kristine Kathryn Rusch and published by Bantam Spectra. The novel is set thirteen years after the Battle of Endor in the Star Wars Expanded Universe.
 Morne Diablotins is the highest mountain in Dominica an island-nation in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles. It is the second highest mountain in the Lesser Antilles after La Grande Soufrière in Guadeloupe. Morne Diablotins is located in the northern interior of the island about 15 miles north of Dominica's capital Roseau and about 6 miles southeast of Portsmouth the island's second-largest town. It is located within Morne Diablotin National Park.The mountain is volcanic and last erupted c.
 Canadian Mounties vs Atomic Invaders (1953) is a Republic Movie serial starring Bill Henry and both produced and directed by Franklin Adreon. It was the sixty-second serial (of sixty-six) produced by Republic. Despite the title this is not a science fiction serial. The plot is a northern cold war adventure involving secret missile bases and a planned invasion of the United States.
 W. W. Woods was the 25th Colonial Auditor. He was appointed on 27 May 1914 succeeding D. S. MacGregor and held the office until 1 March 1922. He was succeeded by F. G. Morley.
 Frances Lillian Willard Fannie Munds (June 10 1866 – December 16 1948) was an American suffragist and leader of the suffrage movement within Arizona. After achieving her goal of statewide women's suffrage she went on to become a member of the Arizona Senate more than five years before ratification of the 19th Amendment to the United States Constitution granted the vote to all American women.
 Będźmierowice [bɛnd͡ʑmjɛrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Czersk 35 km (22 mi) east of Chojnice and 74 km (46 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 498.
 The Grind River is a tributary of the Durăceasa River in Romania.
 Power to Win is a 1942 short Australian documentary directed by Charles Chauvel about the Australian coal industry during World War II.
 Tukar (Persian: توكر‎ also Romanized as Tūkar) is a village in Abtar Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 31 families.
 Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit is a novel by Jeanette Winterson published in 1985 which she subsequently adapted into a BBC television drama of the same name. It is a bildungsroman about a lesbian girl who grows up in an English Pentecostal community.
 The Farmers and Merchants Union Bank in Columbus Wisconsin also known as Farmers' and Merchants' Union Bank is the last of eight jewel box banks designed by Louis Sullivan and the next to last of those being constructed.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.It is located at the northwest corner of James Street and Broadway in Columbus.
 Klikawa [kliˈkava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puławy within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Puławy and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 480.
 Lake Letta is a natural freshwater lake in Highlands County Florida. It has a 478-acre (1930000 m2) surface area. It is bounded on the east and north by Florida State Highway 17 on the southeast by Lake Letta Drive on the south by citrus orchards on the west by Little Lake Bonnet and a golf course and on the northwest by pastures. It is connected to Little Lake Bonnet by a canal. Lake Letta is about 0.6 miles (0.97 km) southwest of the city limits of Avon Park Florida.
 Samayasangili is a village in Namakkal district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It consists of five sub villages includes Samayasangilli Thottipalayam Pudur Thottipalayam Palaiyur Sengutaipalayam Seerampalayam. The Village located at the Bank of river cauvery and it is the border of Namakkal district.The main occupation in the village is agriculture. The cultivation generally depends on monsoon rains wells and tanks. Nearly 90 percent of the cultivated area is under food crops.
 Rashida (Rasceda) is a desert village in the Jalo oasis of the Al Wahat District in the Cyrenaica region in northeastern Libya. It is about 3.7 kilometres (2.3 mi) southwest of the town of Jalu. In 1951 the population was reported as about 600.
 Coniesta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Scarlet Angel is a 1952 film starring Rock Hudson.
 Blaine Allen Thacker (born January 11 1941) served as a Member of Parliament in the Lethbridge riding from 1979 to 1993.
 Eickumer Mühlenbach is a river in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Called the most photographed house in the state of Maine the Wedding Cake House known formally as the George W. Bourne House is a historic house located at 104 Summer Street in Kennebunk Maine. The home was built in 1825 by shipbuilder George W. Bourne (1801–1856) who later built a frame barn which he connected to the main house with a carriage house. In 1852 the barn caught fire and the carriage house was demolished to keep the fire from spreading to the house.
 Çimiköy is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 Koi ni Ochiru Toki (恋に落ちるとき When You Fall in Love) is the Japanese debut studio album of the South Korean boy band Infinite. It was released in June 5 2013 in two different editions. The album is the first audio-related release of the group under Universal Music Japan's sublabel Universal D.
 Rhyme & Reason is a 1997 documentary film about rap and hip hop. Documentary filmmaker Peter Spirer interviewed over 80 significant artists in rap and hip hop music. This documentary explores the history of hip hop culture how rap evolved to become a major cultural voice (and a multi-billion dollar industry) and what the artists have to say about the music's often controversial images and reputation.
 Marilyn and Ella is a 2008 play by Bonnie Greer. It is a musical drama about Marilyn Monroe and Ella Fitzgerald.
 Anita Katherine Blair (born November 15 1950) was one of the co-founders of the Independent Women's Forum (and at one time its president) and served as United States Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Total Force Transformation and Military Personnel Policy) from 2001 to 2006 and as acting Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve Affairs) in 2008.
 Mostafa Rahmani (Persian: مصطفي رحماني‎ also Romanized as Moşţafá Raḩmānī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Moşţafá and Kalāteh Moşţafá) is a village in Sedeh Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 12 families.
 John Marshall Blust (born June 4 1954) is a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's sixty-second House district including constituents in Guilford county. An attorney from Greensboro North Carolina Blust has previously served terms in both the state House and Senate. He is a lawyer and a former U.S. Army captain.Blust was relieved from his N.C. Senate seat by current U.S. Senator Kay Hagan.
 Mont de Boisy is a mountain of Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Chablais Alps range. It has an altitude of 739 metres above sea level.
 Veslsvulten is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Frank J. Lynch (November 6 1922 – January 25 1987) was a lawyer judge and legislator from Pennsylvania.He was a Delaware County Pennsylvania County Councilman. He was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1969 to 1980. He was appointed Judge of the Delaware Court of Common Pleas in 1985.
 Skin in the Game is an EP release by the Canadian hard rock band Helix released in the fall of 2011. Consisting of four new songs and one cover it is their 23rd official release and their 3rd EP. It replaces a previously announced greatest hits CD to be titled Running Wild in the 21st Century. The new tracks recorded for that CD ended up on this release instead.
 Veena Ramgoolam (née Brizmohun) is a Mauritian the wife of Navin Ramgoolam the leader of the Labour Party and Prime Minister of Mauritius. She held the same post while her husband was in office of Prime Minister twice once from 1995 to 2000 and secondly from 2005 to 2010.
 Rossana López León (born March 6 1969) is a Puerto Rican politician and public servant from the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). López was elected to the Senate of Puerto Rico in 2012. Before that she served as Director of the Office of Affairs of the Elderly.
 Maria Celeste is an impact crater on Venus named in honor of Maria Celeste the daughter of Galileo Galilei.
 Psychology of Addictive Behaviors is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of the American Psychological Association that publishes original articles related to the psychological aspects of addictive behaviors. The current editor-in-chief is Stephen A. Maisto(Syracuse University).The journal includes articles on the following topics:alcohol and alcoholismdrug use and abuseeating disorderssmoking and nicotine addiction andother excessive behaviors (e.g. gambling sexual addiction)↑
 Myers Young Cooper (November 25 1873 – December 6 1958) was a Republican politician from Ohio. Cooper was the 51st Governor of Ohio.Born In St. Louisville Ohio the youngest of eleven children Cooper had a public school education and attended the National Normal University in Lebanon Ohio for three years. In 1893 at age 20 he joined his brothers in Cincinnati in a large real-estate and homebuilding business. On December 15 1897 he married Martha Kinney of Newport Kentucky.
 Jesús Caldera Sánchez-Capitán (Béjar Salamanca October 31 1957) is a Spanish socialist politician. He holds degrees in political science and sociology from the Complutense University of Madrid and a law degree from UNED.He was Minister of Labor during the VIII legislature of the Spanish government.
 Hector Champagne (February 18 1862 – June 29 1941) was a Canadian lawyer and politician.Born in Saint-Eustache Canada East Champagne was educated at the Académie commerciale de Saint-Eustache the Séminaire de Sainte-Thérèse-de-Blainville the Collège Bourget the Université Laval à Montréal and the University of Paris. He was called to the Bar of Quebec in 1886 and created a Queen's Counsel in 1899.A lawyer he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec in Deux-Montagnes in 1897.
 The Big Siskiwit River is an 8.1-mile-long (13.0 km) river on Isle Royale in Lake Superior in the U.S. state of Michigan. It flows west to east in the southern part of the island entering Lake Superior at Siskiwit Bay.
 The Chain Reaction (also known as Chain Reaction) is a 1980 Australian independent action/disaster/thriller film directed and written by Ian Barry. The film stars Steve Bisley also starring in the film Mad Max (1979) and Arna-Maria Winchester. The film's plot is about an engineer badly injured in an accident caused by an earthquake.
 Daniel is a 1983 film which was adapted by E. L. Doctorow from his novel The Book of Daniel. It was directed by Sidney Lumet. The film was based on the life story of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg who were convicted as spies and executed by the United States government in 1953 for giving nuclear secrets to the Soviet Union. This story follows their fictionalized son as he attempts to find out the truth.Paul and Rochelle Isaacson (the Rosenbergs) are played by Mandy Patinkin and Lindsay Crouse.
 Losang Jamcan also spelled Losang Gyaltsen (Tibetan: བློ་བཟང་རྒྱལ་མཚན; Chinese: 洛桑江村; pinyin: Luòsāng Jiāngcūn; born July 1957) is an ethnic Tibetan politician of the People's Republic of China. He is the Chairman (governor) of Tibet Autonomous Region and former Mayor of Tibetan capital Lhasa.
 Dorothy Rabinowitz is an American conservative journalist and commentator.She was born in New York City and attained a bachelor's degree at Queens College. She worked toward a doctorate at New York University from 1957 to 1960 but did not graduate. She has worked as editorial writer for the Wall Street Journal since June 1990 and has been a member of their editorial board since May 1996. She is a regular panelist on the Journal Editorial Report.
 METZ is eponymous debut album by Toronto band METZ released October 9 2012 on Sub Pop Records. The album received mostly positive reviews when it was released.
 James Glen (1701 - July 18 1777) was a politician in the Province of South Carolina. He was appointed Royal Governor of South Carolina in 1738 but did not arrive in the province until December 17 1743. He served as governor until June 1 1756 and was succeeded by William Henry Lyttelton. On June 21 1761 Glen returned to Europe and died in London.
 Cup and Saucer Creek an urban watercourse of the Cooks River catchment is located in the Canterbury-Bankstown region of Sydney in New South Wales Australia.
 Bjørke Church (Norwegian: Bjørke kyrkje also known as Storfjord kyrkje) is a parish church in Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Bjørke. The church is part of the Storfjorden parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1919 by the architect Mathias Brække. The church seats about 200 people. The church was consecrated on 16 September 1920 by Bishop Peter Hognestad.
 Bionicle: Mask of Light (also known as Bionicle: Mask of Light—The Movie) is a 2003 direct-to-video fantasy film based on the Lego toy series Bionicle produced by Creative Capers Entertainment and released by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment and Miramax Films. It has sold over 40 million copies worldwide since its release.The movie revolves around the latter half of the 2003 storyline on the island called Mata Nui home to six tribes of biomechanical creatures.
 The Ogden Museum of Southern Art is located in New Orleans within the Central Business District adjacent to Lee Circle. It is associated with the University of New Orleans. Its focus is the visual arts and culture of the American South within the context of the region's history and culture.
 Kangarban-e Olya (Persian: كنگربان عليا‎ also Romanized as Kangarbān-e ‘Olyá; also known as Kangarbān Kangarbān-e Bālā and Kankarbān-e Bālā) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 43 families.
 Prisoners of a White God is a documentary about the Akha people produced and distributed by Twin Star in September 2008. The documentary is about a Czech researcher Tomáš Ryška who goes to the Thai and Laotian mountains in order to search and document the causes of wrongdoing and violence done to the indigenous peoples and their children by Christian missionaries.
 Boy Pick-Up: The Movie is a 2012 Filipino comedy film starring Ogie Alcasid Solenn Heussaff and Dennis Trillo. The film was directed by Dominic Zapata and released by GMA Films & Regal Films.Boy Pick-Up: The Movie is the film adaptation of Bubble Gang's latest famous skit Pick-Up Lines Battle featuring the fliptop-inspired battle of words using cheesy pick-up lines rather than well-rhyming trash talks.
 Koski Duże [ˈkɔski ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Perlejewo 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 110.
 Colleen Elizabeth Dewe (30 May 1930 – 22 May 1993) was a New Zealand politician of the National Party. She and Marilyn Waring were the 14th and 15th women elected to the New Zealand Parliament.
 Roger Maurice Knapman (born 20 February 1944 in Crediton Devon) is a British politician and a former leader of the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP).He was educated at the Royal Agricultural College. Before entering politics he was a Chartered Surveyor.As a member of the Conservative Party he was elected MP for Stroud in 1987. Between 1990 and 1992 he served asParliamentary Private Secretary to the armed forces minister Archie Hamilton.
 Sandane Church (Norwegian: Sandane kyrkje) is a parish church in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Sandane at the southern end of the Gloppefjorden. The church is part of the Vereide parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The concrete church building was completed in 1997 by the architect Helge Hjertholm. The church seats about 300 people.
 Grant Deachman (May 4 1913 - June 24 1983) was a Canadian politician who represented the electoral district of Vancouver Quadra in the Canadian House of Commons from 1963 to 1972.He was a member of the Liberal Party.
 Ondina modiola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Peter Tenganabang Nanfuri is the Paramount Chief of the Jirapa Traditional Area with the title Naa Ansoleh Ganaa II. He is a former Inspector General of Police (IGP) in Ghana.
 Kvarkush (Russian: Кваркуш) is a mountain range in North Ural in Perm Krai Russia. Located in the basin of Vishera River between Uls River and upstreams of Yayva River. Its highland swamps are source of many rivers and streams. It stretches from north to south. Its length is about 60 km width is 12 – 15 km. Highest point is mount Vogulsky Kamen (1066 m).
 Caloptilia pallescens is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Turkey.
 Marcus R. Clark (born February 24 1956) is a Republican member of the Louisiana Supreme Court from West Monroe Louisiana United States who won his current position in a special election held on October 17 2009 to fill the vacancy created by the retirement of Republican Justice Chet D. Traylor of Monroe formerly of Winnsboro in Franklin Parish. In 2010 Traylor challenged U.S. Senator David Vitter for re-nomination in the Republican closed primary.
 Loving Glances (Sjaj u očima) is a 2003 Serbian language romantic comedy directed by Srđan Karanović.In was nominated for a Golden Lion at the 2003 Venice Film Festival.
 The Tabasco mud turtle (Kinosternon acutum) is a species of turtle in the Kinosternidae family.It is found in Belize Guatemala and Mexico.
 Blue Collar Solitude is the first studio album by American band Kilgore (Smudge) released on November 7 1995 through label Warner Bros. Records.
 The House of Tomorrow at 241 West Lake Front Drive Beverly Shores Indiana was originally part of Chicago's 1933-34 Century of Progress Exposition. Designed as the house of the future this house included its own airplane hangar. Glass walls offered views from every angle and so taxed the experimental air conditioning system that the cooling system failed.
 3 World Trade Center (also known as 175 Greenwich Street) is a skyscraper under construction as part of the rebuilding of the World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan New York City. The project lies on the east side of Greenwich Street across the street from the previous location of the Twin Towers which were destroyed during the September 11 attacks.
 Arethusa is an academic journal established in 1967. It covers the field of Classics using an interdisciplinary approach incorporating contemporary theoretical perspectives and more traditional approaches to literary and material evidence. It frequently features issues focused on a theme related the classical world. The current Editor in chief of the journal is Martha Malamud (SUNY Buffalo).
 The Summa Theologiæ (written 1265–1274 and also known as the Summa Theologica or simply the Summa) is the best-known work of Thomas Aquinas (c. 1225–1274). Although unfinished the Summa is one of the classics of the history of philosophy and one of the most influential works of Western literature. It was intended as an instructional guide for moderate theologians and a compendium of all of the main theological teachings of the Catholic Church.
 Jurkowo-Huby [jurˈkɔvɔ ˈxubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Alawatugoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 An April Shroud is a crime novel by Reginald Hill the fourth novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series.The novel is mainly Dalziel's as Peter and Ellie Pascoe marry and go on honeymoon. Taking leave himself Dalziel stumbles across a case of embezzlement and murder which he solves with Pascoe's last minute assistance in the closing chapters.
 Chuck Gatschenberger (born February 28 1956) is a Republican member of the Missouri House of Representatives. Gatschenberger represents the 13th District which encompasses portions of Warren and St. Charles counties. He was first elected to the Missouri House in November 2008.
 Chemudulanka is a village in Alamuru Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Damat Yemişçi Hasan Pasha (Albanian: Jemishxhi; 1535 Rugova – 1603 Istanbul) was an Ottoman statesman.Hasan a native Turk who spent his childhood in Rogovo then went to Prizren where he finished his primary education. He pursued the remainder of his education at the military academy in Istanbul. After a military career Hasan became grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire from 1602 to 1603.
 Chaetagonum collarti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Chaetagonum.
 Army Peak (also known as Nelson Butte) is a summit in the Nome Census Area Alaska United States. Its name likely derives from the United States Army's presence in the area after the establishment of Fort Davis in 1900.It is 7 miles (11 km) northeast of the city of Nome. The name was first reported in 1900 by J. F. Pratt of the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey and entered into the Geographic Names Information System on March 31 1981.
 Gokuaku no Hana - Hokuto no Ken Jagi Gaiden (極悪ノ華 北斗の拳 ジャギ外伝 Flower of Carnage: Fist of the North Star Jagi Side-Story) is a manga authored by Sin-ichi Hiromoto that was published in the Weekly Comic Bunch from 2008 throughout 2009 and republished in a two-volume collected edition. It is the fourth spinoff of the Fist of the North Star manga by Buronson and Tetsuo Hara published by Comic Bunch.
 Pat Cox (born 28 November 1952) is an Irish politician and former television current affairs presenter. He was President of the European Parliament from 2002 to 2004 and served as a member of the European Parliament from 1989–2004. Before this Cox was a journalist and presenter with RTÉ's Today Tonight and then a Teachta Dála (TD) for Cork South–Central.
 Leon Hirsch Keyserling (January 11 1908 – August 9 1987) was an American economist and lawyer. During his career he helped draft major pieces of Fair Deal legislation and advised President Harry S. Truman as head of the Council of Economic Advisers.
 The Annapurna Sanctuary is “high glacial basin lying forty km directly north of Pokhara. This oval-shaped plateau sits at an altitude of over 4000 metres and is surrounded by a ring of mountains the Annapurna range most of which are over 7000 metres. With the only entrance a narrow pass between the peaks of Hiunchuli and Machapuchare where run-off from glaciers drain into Modi Khola River the Sanctuary was not penetrated by outsiders until 1956.
 The Franklin W. Farrer House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a two-story dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places. An American Craftsman structure built in 1914 it was added to the register in 1989.The interior of the house originally a single-family dwelling has been converted to two apartments one on each floor. The house is locally unusual in its use of cast stone as a homebuilding material.
 Calimucho is a 2008 Dutch/European feature film directed by Eugenie Jansen (Golden Tiger Award for Tussenland 2001). The movie about the problems within a small family circus was entirely shot travelling with a small existing circus on tour the cast consisting of the circus members but is not a documentary: The story is entirely scripted written by Natasha Gerson.
 Venkatapura (Kannada: ವೆಂಕಟಾಪುರ ) is a village near Maski in the Lingasugur taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Venkatapura is a neolithic period site. 45 Cairns were found in the hills south to the village. Some of these cairns are 50 meters in diameter. Some are found in rings and pairs.Venkatapura is 5 km from Maski town.
 Marko Liias (born July 17 1981) is an American politician from Washington. He is a Democratic member of the Washington State Senate representing the 21st legislative district. The district located entirely within Snohomish County encompasses portions of Lynnwood and Everett as well as his hometown of Mukilteo and his native Edmonds. He previously served as a member of the Washington House of Representatives.
 Nena is the first album by German pop-rock band Nena and the second studio album of its singer Gabriele Nena Kerner. Released in 1983 it was part of the music genre called Neue Deutsche Welle (meaning New German Wave) movement in the German music.The album was a great success in West Germany and the second single 99 Luftballons successfully reached No.
 Grabnik [ˈɡrabnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnobród within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Thirukanurpatti is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 The Hubbard House (also known as San Sui) is a historic site in Crescent City Florida United States. It is located at 600 North Park Street. On August 14 1973 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Harley Martin Kilgore (January 11 1893 – February 28 1956) was a United States Senator from West Virginia.Born in Brown West Virginia he attended the public schools and graduated from the law department of West Virginia University at Morgantown in 1914 and was admitted to the bar the same year.He taught school in Hancock West Virginia in 1914 and 1915 and organized the first high school in Raleigh County West Virginia in the latter year.
 Allegro was a top restaurant in Prague Four Seasons hotel. It is now closed. In 2008 it became the first restaurant from the post-communist bloc to obtain the star from the prestigious Michelin Guide. In 2009 2010 and 2011 Allegro retained its star.It was the only restaurant in Prague with the accolade although in 2010 a restaurant in Hungary was awarded the star ending Allego's claim as the only restaurant from the Eastern Bloc to have the star.The head chef was Andrea Accordi.
 Ceromitia viscida is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Brazil.
 Simon Meredith House is a historic home located in South Coventry Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in two major phases. The oldest section was built in the early 18th century. It is a 2 1/2-story two bay stuccoed fieldstone structure with a gable roof. The larger Federal style addition was made on the east end. It is 2 1/2-stories four bays wide and of stucco over stone construction.
 The Shangri-La Diet is both the name of a book by the late psychologist Seth Roberts a professor at Tsinghua University and professor emeritus at UC Berkeley and the name of the diet that the book advocates. The book discusses consuming 100–400 calories per day in a flavorless food such as extra light olive oil one hour outside of mealtimes as a method of appetite suppression leading to weight loss.
 Charkas (Persian: چركس‎) is a village in Gavrud Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 9 families.
 Re-Machined: A Tribute to Deep Purple's Machine Head is a 2012 tribute album that features a variety of hard rock heavy metal bands covering songs written by Deep Purple.As part of the 40th anniversary celebrations of Deep Purple's 1972 release Machine Head Re-Machined was released on September 25 2012 by Eagle Rock Entertainment.
 Dölekli is a village in the District of Aladağ Adana Province Turkey.
 Get Over It is a 2001 American teen comedy loosely based on William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream about a high school senior who desperately tries to win back his ex-girlfriend by joining the school play she and her new boyfriend are performing in against the advice of friends. The film was directed by Tommy O'Haver for Miramax Films and written by R. Lee Fleming Jr.. The film stars Ben Foster Kirsten Dunst Melissa Sagemiller Sisqó Colin Hanks Shane West and Martin Short.
 Khyapar Gaan (Songs of the loony) was the last album of the Bangla band Moheener Ghoraguli. It was released in 1999. Their song Tai Janai Gaaney (Bhalobashi Tomay) is based on (both in terms of lyrics and tune) the Jim Croce song I'll Have To Say I Love You In A Song.
 Goranin [ɡɔˈranin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Ślesin 17 km (11 mi) north of Konin and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Yadkin River is one of the longest rivers in North Carolina flowing 215 miles (346 km). It rises in the northwestern portion of the state near the Blue Ridge Parkway's Thunder Hill Overlook. Several parts of the river are impounded by dams for water power and flood control. The river becomes the Pee Dee River at the confluence of the Uwharrie River. The river flows into South Carolina near Cheraw which is at the fall line where it becomes the Great Pee Dee River.
 The Șapte Fântâni River is a tributary of the Ivan River in Romania.
 Le Réveil du Tadla (The Awakening of Tadla) was a French-language weekly newspaper published from Kasba Tadla Morocco. The newspaper was founded in 1929. Its director was Louis Pouch and its editor-in-chief was Gaston Plateau.
 Northern Patrol is a 1953 American western film directed by Rex Bailey and starring Kirby Grant Marian Carr and William Phipps. The film was part of a series of ten films featuring Kirby Grant as a Canadian Mountie.
 Typee: A Peep at Polynesian Life (1846) is the first book by American writer Herman Melville a classic in the literature of travel and adventure partly based on his actual experiences as a captive on the island Nuku Hiva (which Melville spelled as Nukuheva) in the South Pacific Marquesas Islands in 1842. The title comes from the name of a valley there called Tai Pi Vai. It was Melville's most popular work during his lifetime but made him notorious as the man who lived among the cannibals.
 Eosipho is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Incandescent Ones is a science fiction novel by astrophysicist Fred Hoyle and his son Geoffrey Hoyle. It was first published in 1977. The novel describes the eventful epic journey of the narrator which seems to begin as a story of Cold War espionage but involving life forces beyond Earth finally leads to Jupiter.
 The Resaca de la Palma Battlefield is the site in Brownsville Texas where American forces under General Zachary Taylor engaged Mexican forces under General Mariano Arista on May 9 1846 in the Battle of Resaca de la Palma. In the early stages of the Mexican-American War and immediately following the Battle of Palo Alto Arista's forces were in retreat.
 Deh-e Kharabeh Kand (Persian: ده خرابه كند‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Kharābeh Kand; also known as Deh-e Kharābeh Kan Kharābeh Kand and Kharābeh-ye Kandeh) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 10 families.
 Brian C. Newberry (born December 10 1971) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing District 48 since January 2009.
 Al-Thawra (Arabic: الثورة The Revolution) is a leading newspaper in the Republic of Yemen. The newspaper was founded on 28 September 1962 and is a pro-government in its stance. On March 2007 the newspaper completed the acquiring of R704 LV printer installed by MAN Roland.
 June Rowlands (born 1925) was the 60th mayor of Toronto Ontario and the first woman to hold that office. She had previously been a longtime city councillor unsuccessful federal candidate and chair of the Metropolitan Toronto Police Commission.
 Cassis is the 20th solo studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue released in July 2002. The album includes Kimerareta Rhythm which was featured on the Academy Award-nominated motion picture The Twilight Samurai directed by Yoji Yamada. The song You are the Top was originally contributed to the same-titled musical by Kōki Mitani.
 The Clive River is a river of Hawke's Bay New Zealand. It flows past the townships of Whakatu and Clive into the sea at southern Hawke Bay.
 Clean Tech Nation: How the U.S. Can Lead in the New Global Economy is a 2012 book written by Ron Pernick and Clint Wilder. The book surveys the expansion of clean technology and renewable energy over the past decade. It tracks the growth of wind power and solar photovoltaics and shows that these markets grew 20 fold from 2000 to 2010. Factors which are driving the global expansion of clean tech are identified as are the new economic opportunities which are being created.
 Coleophora albotitae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Turkey.
 Sussex is a village in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States. It is approximately 19 miles (31 km) northwest of Milwaukee and 9 miles (14 km) north of Waukesha. The village is 7.24 square miles (19 km2) at an elevation of 930 feet. The population was 10518 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Milwaukee metropolitan area.
 Inside Nazi Germany is a 1938 short documentary film directed by Jack Glenn. It is an episode of the newsreel series The March of Time.In 1993 Inside Nazi Germany was deemed culturally significant by the Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.
 The Pilgrimage is the sixth studio album by American rapper Cappadonna. It was released on November 15 2011. The album features guest appearances from Matlock Killa Black Chedda Bang Solomon Childs Inspectah Deck and Elite.
 They Died with Their Boots On is a 1941 American western film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Errol Flynn and Olivia de Havilland. Written by Æneas MacKenzie and Wally Kline the film is a highly fictionalized account of the life of General George Armstrong Custer from the time he enters West Point military academy through the American Civil War and finally to his death at Little Big Horn.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as 'Mehdīābād; also known as Mehdīābād-e ‘Āmerī) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1014 in 234 families.
 The Black Sequin Dress is a play by Australian playwright Jenny Kemp. It was published by Currency Press in 1996.
 Sar Kamar (Persian: سركمر‎) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Clare River is a river that is part of the Moira River system in the Lake Ontario drainage basin in Hastings and Lennox and Addington Counties Ontario Canada.
 The Deep Creek is a watercourse of the Port Phillip catchment located in the outer north western suburbs of Melbourne in the Australian state of Victoria.
 Lipno [ˈlʲipnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzówek within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Havang (Persian: هاونگ‎ also Romanized as Hāvang) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 St Trinian's 2: The Legend of Fritton's Gold is a 2009 British adventure comedy film directed by Oliver Parker and Barnaby Thompson both of whom directed the previous film in the series. It is the seventh in a long-running series of films based on the works of cartoonist Ronald Searle and the second film produced since the franchise was rebooted in 2007.
 The Samuel McCammon House also known as James White's House Site is a historic house at 1715 Riverside Drive in Knoxville Tennessee. It is on the National Register of Historic Places. The two-story brick house was built circa 1849–1851 by Samuel McCammon a farmer and designed in the Federal style by T. Haynes. Its site also contains one of the homes of James White the founder of Knoxville. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Fiddlers Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Aghelak (Persian: اغلك‎ also Romanized as Āghlak and Āgholak; also known as Āqā Lak and Āqlak) is a village in Qahan Rural District Khalajastan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 36 families.
 Hilarographa plurimana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil and Peru.
 The Harrow & The Harvest is a 2011 album released by American musician Gillian Welch. It was Welch's first album in eight years and was released on June 28 2011.
 Psecas is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Chéri is a novel by Colette first published in French in 1920. The title character's true name is Fred Peloux but he is known as Chéri to almost everyone except usually to his wife. This novel was followed by a sequel La Fin de Chéri published in 1926.
 Weave Magazine is an American literary magazine based in Pittsburgh. It was established in order to remedy a perceived gender imbalance in contemporary literary publishing. Weave publishes literary fiction poetry nonfiction reviews and artwork biannually in January and July.
 Superiority is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1951. It depicts an arms race and shows how the side which is more technologically advanced can be defeated despite its apparent superiority because of its own organizational flaws and its willingness to discard old technology without having fully perfected the new. Meanwhile the enemy steadily built up a far larger arsenal of weapons that while more primitive were also more reliable.
 Super Champ (수퍼챔프) is a South Korean magazine produced by Daiwon C.I.. It is available only online and specializes in serializing domestic and imported comics. Its first issue was published in 2006 and it is released on the last day of each month. Following publication in Super Champ individual series are later collected into volumes and published in hard copy form under the Super Champ Comics (SC Comics) imprint.
 Stochastic Processes and their Applications is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier for the Bernoulli Society for Mathematical Statistics and Probability. The editor-in-chief is T. Kumagai. The principal focus of this journal is theory and applications of stochastic processes. It was established in 1973.
 Ma Wan Channel (Chinese: 馬灣海峽) is a channel between Ma Wan and Tsing Yi Island in Hong Kong. The north end of the channel is Ting Kau where it joins the Rambler Channel. To the west it joins with the Kap Shui Mun channel running to the south of Ma Wan leading into Urmston Road. To the east it divides into the Tsing Yi Channel and the Rambler Channel leading to Tsuen Wan and Kwai Chung.
 1 Ilica Street (Croatian: Neboder u Ilici Ilički neboder) is a building located in Ilica Street overlooking Ban Jelačić Square in the Lower Town area of Zagreb Croatia. In Croatian the building was known under the generic title Neboder (lit.
 Javaher Deh (Persian: جواهرده‎ also Romanized as Javāher Deh) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 76 families.
 On is the second novel by Adam Roberts. According to the author's website reviews of the novel were either extremely positive or extremely negative.
 Old and in the Gray is an album released by the surviving members of Old and in the Way. It was released on the Acoustic Disc record label in 2002. Banjoist Jerry Garcia and bassist John Kahn both of whom were deceased were replaced by Herb Pedersen and Bryn Bright respectively.
 Three Seconds (original title: Tre sekunder) is a dark award-winning thriller by the Swedish crime-writing team of Anders Roslund and Borge Hellström. First published in Sweden in (2009) it was translated into English in 2010. The novel deals with criminals in contemporary Sweden the Police and Probation Officials who monitor these offenders and the government who wants to use them as undercover operatives.
 Philip A. Glotzbach Ph.D. (born 1950) is an American educator who is currently the president of Skidmore College. Glotzbach graduated from the University of Notre Dame in 1972 and went on to earn a PhD at Yale University. He became Skidmore's seventh president in 2003 and has since remained in that role.
 Holzminde is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Hankyū Densha ( 阪急電車 片道15分の奇跡 Hankyū densha katamichi 15-fun-no kiseki) is a 2011 Japanese film. It is based on the novel Hankyū Densha by Hiro Arikawa and directed by Yoshishige Miyake. It was released in cinemas in the Kansai region of Japan on April 23 2011 and then in other regions of the country from April 29.The stage for the story is the commuter railway Hankyū Imazu Line in Hyōgo Prefecture Japan.
 Identity is Korean singer BoA's seventh Japanese studio album released on February 10 2010 nearly two years since The Face.
 Sgurr na Lapaich is a mountain in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland situated north of Loch Mullardoch in the high ground that separates Glen Cannich and Glen Strathfarrar. The mountain reaches a height of 1150 metres (3773 feet) and is the fourth highest mountain north of the Great Glen. There is no higher ground to the north of it in Great Britain.With a topographic prominence of 839 metres Sgurr na Lapaich is the highest point for some considerable distance and is a fine viewpoint.
 Powstanie Warszawskie (Polish for Warsaw Uprising) is a second studio album released in March 2005 by Polish band Lao Che. It consists of 10 songs illustrating the course of 1944 uprising in Warsaw Poland. The album received many prestigious nominations and awards: No.
 Cirquella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Atdabanian stage in the former continent Laurentia.
 Professor Jakes Gerwel (18 January 1946 – 28 November 2012) was a South African academic and anti-apartheid activist. He served as Director-General of the Presidency when Nelson Mandela was in office. In 1999 Gerwel was instrumental in brokering the deal that saw Lockerbie bombing suspects extradited to Scotland.
 The Catholic Weekly is an English language newspaper currently published in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It is published in tabloid format. Throughout its history it has also been published as The Freeman's Journal and Catholic Freeman's Journal.
 100 St Georges Terrace is a 24-storey skyscraper in Perth Western Australia. It is a mixed retail and commercial property located at 100 St Georges Terrace. The retail component named enex100 is made up of three floors of shops and food outlets between St Georges Terrace and the Hay Street Mall. The office tower is 103 metres (338 ft) high and the project was the first office building constructed in Perth to a 4.5-star Australian Building Greenhouse Rating.
 Marie-Hélène Lefaucheux (26 February 1904 – 25 February 1964) was a French women's and human rights activist. During World War II she was a member of the French Resistance and orchestrated her husband's release from Buchenwald concentration camp after he was captured by the Gestapo. She was the sole woman in the French delegation to the first General Assembly of the United Nations. Lefaucheux helped found the UN's Commission on the Status of Women and was its chair from 1948 to 1953.
 The Old National Pike Milestones marked each mile of the National Road in Maryland United States between Baltimore and Cumberland. The surviving stones have been included in the National Register of Historic Places and may be seen along US 40 Maryland Route 144 Alternate US 40 and other roads that trace the path of the Old National Pike.
 Clinus acuminatus the Sad klipfish is a species of clinid found in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean from Namibia to the west of Algoa Bay in South Africa where it can be found in tide pools as well as in the subtidal zone. This species can reach a maximum length of 13 centimetres (5.1 in) TL.
 Michael Mike Friend is a former Nebraska state senator from Omaha Nebraska in the Nebraska Legislature and the first Director of Nebraska's Office of Violence Prevention.
 Eupithecia albimontanata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North America including Arizona California Colorado and Utah.The wingspan is about 19 mm.
 Chandler Fashion Center is a regional shopping center located in the city of Chandler Arizona and is the second largest mall in the Phoenix metropolitan area. The mall is owned by Westcor a subsidiary of The Macerich Company and was opened on October 19 2001 with more than 180 stores and five anchors including Arizona's second Nordstrom Sears Dillard's Macy's and Harkins Theatres. The mall is located on Chandler Boulevard at the northwest corner of Loop 101 and Loop 202 Santan.
 The Magnolia Grange is an historic mansion located across from the Chesterfield County Courthouse in Chesterfield Chesterfield County Virginia. It was built in 1823 and is a two-story five bay brick dwelling in the Federal style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The plantation house is operated as a historic house museum by the Chesterfield Historical Society.
 Peeps (also Parasite Positive) is a 2005 novel by Scott Westerfeld revolving around a parasite which causes people to become cannibalistic and repelled by that which they once loved. It follows the protagonist Cal Thompson as he lives with this parasite and tries to uncover a possible threat to the whole population of the world. The apocalyptic threat to the world that begins in Peeps continues in The Last Days which featured some of the same characters.
 The Museum of Contemporary Art (MoCA) is a collecting museum located in the heart of downtown North Miami Florida. MoCA offers visitors both temporary exhibitions and exhibitions of its collection. The 23000-square-foot (2100 m2) structure was designed by the internationally acclaimed architecture firm Gwathmey Siegel & Associates Architects New York which worked in conjunction with the Miami firm of Gelabert-Navia to create the building.
 The Bear River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. Its upper reach is known as Bear Branch.
 Coup de Grâce (German: Der Fangschuß French: Le Coup de grâce) is a 1976 West German film directed by Volker Schlöndorff. It was adapted from the novel by the same name by the French author Marguerite Yourcenar. The title comes from the French expression meaning finishing blow.
 Animatron X is the debut full length album from glam band Peppermint Creeps. The album was released in 2002 and features many of the band's trademark songs.The intro track on the album is somewhat similar to the one used by Mötley Crüe at the start of the Shout at the Devil album.Videos released from this album would follow in the form of Lesbian and then Stupid.
 The Río Grande de Lípez is a river of Bolivia in the Potosí Department Nor Lípez Province.
 Popes Peak is a mountain on the border of Alberta and British Columbia in Western CanadaIt is located on the Continental Divide and is part of the Bow Range of the Canadian Rockies. The mountain sits between Lake Louise Valley and Cataract Brook bordering both Banff and Yoho national parks.The mountain was first climbed in 1903 by George Collier and his brother Joseph guided by Christian Kauffman.
 Tule Lake is an intermittent lake covering an area of 13000 acres (53 km2) 8.0 km (5.0 mi) long and 4.8 km (3.0 mi) across in northeastern Siskiyou County and northwestern Modoc County in California along the border with Oregon.
 Chal Boqa (Persian: چال بقا‎ also Romanized as Chāl Boqā; also known as Chābūgha Chāl Boghā’ Chālbūgha and Shālbaqā) is a village in Sardrud-e Sofla Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 57 families.
 The Hodiș River is a tributary of the Canalul Morilor in Romania.
 Meland Church (Norwegian: Meland kyrkje) is a parish church in Radøy municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Meland on the island of Holsnøy. The church is part of the Meland parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1866 by the architect Johannes Øvsthus. The church seats about 380 people.There has been a church in Meland for a long time.
 We Sold Our Soul for Rock 'n' Roll is a compilation album by Black Sabbath originally released on 1 December 1975 in the UK and then on 3 February 1976 in the U.S.
 Vukovo Selo is a village in Croatia.
 Domiechowice [dɔmʲɛxɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Bełchatów and 46 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Book of Games Volume 2 is a game compendium by gameXplore examining 100 video games from November 2006 through November 2007 covering most of the current game platforms. It covers topics such as Hardcore Gaming LAN Events Indie Game Development Videogames as Art Music in Games Professional Gamers Future of Games etc. It contains interviews with Tony Hawk Rob Pardo Al Lowe Jun Takeuchi and Petter Solberg.
 Sint Jacobiparochie (West Frisian: Sint Jabik) is a town in the municipality of Het Bildt in Friesland the Netherlands. It lies about 13 km. north of Franeker and has approximately 1700 inhabitants.St. Jacobiparochie was founded in the 16th century largely by Dutch settlers from South Holland. Today both Dutch and West Frisian are spoken in the town. The town was originally named Wijngaarden (not to be confused with Wijngaarden in South Holland) while St.
 Michael Vincent Hayden (born March 17 1945) is a retired United States Air Force four-star general and former Director of the National Security Agency and Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. From April 21 2005 to May 26 2006 he was the Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence a position which once made him the highest-ranking military intelligence officer in the armed forces.He was Director of the National Security Agency (NSA) from 1999 to 2005.
 Gornja Batina is a village in Croatia.
 A Piece of Blue Sky: Scientology Dianetics and L. Ron Hubbard Exposed published in 1990 is an examination from a critical perspective by former British Scientologist Jon Atack of the history of L. Ron Hubbard (1911–1986) and the development of Dianetics and the Church of Scientology.
 Michael J. McCaffrey (born December 18 1963 in Providence Rhode Island) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island Senate representing District 29 since January 2003. McCaffrey served consecutively from January 1995 until January 2003 in the District 16 seat.
 The First Unitarian Church is a historic church at Central and Common Streets in Stoneham Massachusetts. One of Stoneham's more stylish Gothic Revival buildings the Stick style wood structure was built in 1869 for the Unitarian congregation that continues to occupy it.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 and included in the Central Square Historic District in 1990.
 Animal Farm is an allegorical and dystopian novel by George Orwell published in England on 17 August 1945. According to Orwell the book reflects events leading up to the Russian Revolution of 1917 and then on into the Stalin era in the Soviet Union. Orwell a democratic socialist was an outspoken critic of Joseph Stalin and especially after experiences with the NKVD and the Spanish Civil War he was actively opposed to the controversial ideology of Stalinism.
 Umber View Heights is a village in Cedar County Missouri United States. The population was 48 at the 2010 census.
 Mitre is the highest mountain of the Tararua Range situated in the lower North Island of New Zealand. It has a total height of 1571 metres (5154 ft).The mountain was named after its double peak that resembles a bishop's mitre.
 Amazing Journey: The Story of The Who is a 2007 documentary by Murray Lerner and Paul Crowder about English rock and roll band The Who. The film features new interviews with band members Roger Daltrey John Entwistle Kenney Jones and Pete Townshend as well as Sting The Edge Noel Gallagher Eddie Vedder Steve Jones and others as well as rare photos of the four members of the band and archival live footage of performances dating back to 1964.
 Kantabania is a village in India under the Nayagarh district Orissa. The village is only 9 kilometers from the district headquarters but as yet there is still no proper road going there. Nevertheless the people of the village are well educated.
 The Zentrum Paul Klee is a museum dedicated to the artist Paul Klee located in Bern Switzerland and designed by the Italian architect Renzo Piano. It features about 40 percent of Paul Klee’s entire pictorial oeuvre. In the year 1997 Livia Klee-Meyer Paul Klee's daughter-in-law donated her inheritance of almost 690 works to the city and canton of Bern.[1].
 Masendar (Persian: ماسندر‎ also Romanized as Māsendar) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District in the Central District of Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Museo de Arte del Tolima (MAT) is an art museum located in Ibagué capital of the Tolima Department of Colombia. It features pieces of Colombian art and contemporary Latin American art. The museum was founded by the artists Dario Ortiz Julio Cesar Cuitiva Margareth Bonilla Morales and others and opened its doors to the public in December 2003.
 Ajvaagiyn Danzan (Mongolian: Ажвагийн Данзан; 1895–1932)) also known as Yapon Danzan (literally Japan Danzan) or Little Danzan was chairman of Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party (MPRP) from January 2 1923 to August 31 1924.Born to peasant parents in Tüsheet Khan Province (present day east central Mongolia) in 1895 Danzan traveled to Japan in 1916 thus earning the moniker he carried later in life to distinguish him from his contemporary namesake party leader Soliin Danzan.
 Valerie Bowman Jarrett (born November 14 1956) is a Senior Advisor to the President of the United States and Assistant to the President for Public Liaison and Intergovernmental Affairs in the Obama administration. She is a Chicago lawyer businesswoman and civic leader. Prior to that she served as a co-chairperson of the Obama-Biden Transition Project.
 Harvest Time (Russian: Время жатвы translit. Vremya zhatvy) is a 2004 Russian drama film directed by Marina Razbezhkina. It was entered into the 26th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Commerce Building is a 12-story office building in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. It was built in 1912 serving as headquarters for two commerce associations from 1912 to 1921. It is now a mixed-use commercial office and residential building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 for its association with the business networking organizations that influenced Saint Paul's late-19th/early-20th-century economic and civic growth.
 Mari Eifring (born 19 January 1987 in Oslo) is a Norwegian politician. She is the leader of Red Youth from 2008. She was elected at Red Youth's national convention in April 2008 and replaced Mimir Kristjansson. She has been a member of Red Youth's Central Board since 2006 and is also a member of Red's central committee.
 The Mirror is a Digital album by rapper Ja Rule originally planned to be released in 2007. Two singles Uh-Ohhh! and Body were released in 2007 to poor chart performance. After tracks from the unreleased album were leaked online Ja Rule decided to re-record the album but later decided to release it as a free download on July 31 2009 along with two bonus tracks Free and Style On 'Em.
 Now Bahar (Persian: نوبهار‎ also Romanized as Now Bahār; also known as Nowbahar Hoomeh) is a village in Qasemabad Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 9 families.
 The Terror (1963) is an American horror film produced and directed by Roger Corman. It is famous for being filmed on sets left over from other AIP productions including The Haunted Palace.
 Chef's Special (Spanish: Fuera de carta) is a Spanish film directed by Nacho García Velilla that centers on homosexuality and the decision to come out. It focuses on men who have had relationships with women to hide their own sexuality to the point of even having kids. The film also deals with the theme of single parents. It stars Javier Cámara Benjamín Vicuña Lola Dueñas and Fernando Tejero.
 High-Opp (2012) is a science fiction novel written by Frank Herbert after The Dragon in the Sea (1955) but prior to Dune (1965). The novel was never published in his lifetime although many elements of the story were used in the novel The Dosadi Experiment sometimes word-for-word. It contains a forward by Kevin J. Anderson who co-authored many books in the Duniverse with Brian Herbert son of Frank Herbert.
 The Bomb Squad EP was the first EP from California third wave ska group Suburban Legends though at the time the band were known as Bomb Squad making the EP a self-titled one. Other names considered for the EP during production included Makin' Babies. The EP was their only release as Bomb Squad. It was recorded at The Atomic Vault now called Sound Arena in Garden Grove. It included Tim Maurer on vocals and Brent Feige on guitar.
 D. H. Springhouse is a historic springhouse located at Bel Air Harford County Maryland. It is a little gray stone building set into the base of a steep hill. This is a stone springhouse with a schoolroom above 16.5 feet by 23 feet with one narrow wall set into the bank over several fresh springs. It was built about 1816 and the quality of stonemasonry is notable.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Strum Sum Up is a 2007 solo album by King's X vocalist and bassist Dug Pinnick.
 Kumar Navaratnam was a locally popular rock and roll singer in Colombo Sri Lanka during the 1960s and 1970s .
 Behind the Evidence is a science fiction novel by authors Amelia Reynolds Long and William L. Crawford writing under the pseudonym Peter Reynolds. It was published in 1936 by the Visionary Publishing Company in an edition of 100 copies.
 Rod Serling's Devils and Demons is an anthology of fantasy and horror stories edited by Rod Serling and ghost edited by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Bantam Books in 1967. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction The English Review New Budget Worlds of Tomorrow New York Herald Routledge’s Christmas Annual The Smart Set and The Civil and Military Gazette.
 Mirabad (Persian: ميراباد‎ also Romanized as Mīrābād; also known as Qal‘eh Mīrābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 48 families.
 11 South LaSalle Street Building or Eleven South LaSalle Street Building (formerly Roanoke Building and Tower and originally Lumber Exchange Building and Tower Addition or simply the Roanoke Building and Lumber Exchange Building) is a Chicago Landmark building that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and that is located at 11 South LaSalle Street in the Loop community area of Chicago Illinois United States.
 The North Inlet Trail in Rocky Mountain National Park near Grand Lake Colorado was built up from lesser pathways and rebuilt during 1926 to 1931 into its course that mostly continues to today. The trail runs from the North Inlet feeder into Grand Lake up 11.5 miles to Flattop Mountain. Part or all of it has also been known as Grand Lake Trail and as Flattop Trail. A 2.8 mile spur trail called Nokoni-Nanita Spur is also included.Allison van V.
 St Eata's Church Atcham is in the village of Atcham Shropshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Shrewsbury the archdeaconry of Salop and the diocese of Lichfield. Its benefice is united with that of St Giles-with-Sutton Shrewsbury. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. Its dedication to Eata of Hexham is unique.
 The Heitlistock is a mountain of the Urner Alps located between the Klein Melchtal and the Melchtal in the canton of Obwalden. It is situated west of Stöckalp.
 Ergasilus is a genus of copepod crustaceans occurring in both the ocean and fresh water often called gill lice. The females are parasitic upon the gills of fishes. This is similar to members of the crustacean order Arguloida (fish lice). Being copepods gill lice have a single median eye on their head. The second antennae are modified into prehensile pincers. Male gill lice are free-living.Species include:
 Janet Robertson (born 1965) is an Argentine-born Falkland Islands politician who served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly for the Stanley constituency from 2005 until 2009. Robertson was elected as a Member of the Legislative Council which was reconstitution into the Legislative Assembly with the implementation of the 2009 Constitution.Robertson was born in Argentina to Falkland Islander parents in 1965.
 Brimmo Yemi Yusuf was elected Senator for the Oyo North constituency of Oyo State Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic running on the Alliance for Democracy (AD) platform. He took office on 29 May 1999.Brimmo is a retired Brigadier General. He is an alumnus of Nigerian Institute for Policy and Strategic studies.He held various positions in the Army including Acting General Officer Commanding 82 division.
 Howard Russell Pawley PC OC OM (born November 21 1934) is a Canadian politician and professor who was the 18th Premier of Manitoba from 1981 to 1988.
 Lake Vesan: the lake system Vesan in Sölvesborg was from the beginning not a lake but a strait up until the early 1920s. In the area between Ryssberget and Listerlandet water from Hanöbukten flowed in and in effect cut of Listerlandet from the rest of the mainland. The sound was open to sail through up until the 18th century but increased growth of reeds made the opening too narrow.
 Bahçesaray is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Gore and PerVersion 2 is a re-release of the first album by death metal band Desecration. The album is identical to the band's first album Gore and Perversion which was banned on release in 1995.
 Saint Nicholas Church in Rijeka is a Serbian Orthodox church in Croatia. The church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas. The building of the church was completed in 1790.
 Carn Menyn is a grouping of craggy rock outcrops or tors in the Preseli Hills in the Welsh county of Pembrokeshire.
 Battlesystem Skirmishes is an accessory for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 HistoryMiami formerly known as the Historical Museum of Southern Florida is a museum located in Miami Florida USA specializing in the history of southeastern Florida including Greater Miami the Florida Keys and the Everglades. HistoryMiami programs include exhibitions city tours education research collections and publications on the importance of the past in shaping Miami's future. HistoryMiami's Museum is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums as it has been since 1979.
 The British Film Catalogue is a reference book compiled by Denis Gifford (1927–2000) listing every film made in Britain including feature films shorts information films and student films. For each of more than 14000 consecutively numbered chronological title entries information listed includes major credits (director producer writer original author) production company distributor actors and actresses role names running time censors’ certificate genre and a brief plot.
 Fade from Grace is a five-part limited series written by Gabriel Benson and illustrated and created by Jeff Amano; it is published by Beckett Comics.
 The Chapel of All Saints is located in Tarnobrzeg Poland (Polish: Kaplica Wszystkich Świętych w Tarnobrzegu) in Sobów Borough on a municipal cemetery on Litewska Street. The building was initiated by the provost of Serbinów parish of Our Lady of Perpetual Help Michał Józefczyk. Work started at the beginning of 2009 and ended at the end of October.
 Luiz Gushiken (August 5 1950 – September 13 2013) was a Brazilian union leader and politician. He was formerly the head of the social communication office of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva's administration a position which carried a ministerial rank. He is a first-generation Japanese-Brazilian with Ryukyuan parents from Okinawa.In his youth he was a supporter of O Trabalho a party linked to the French Organisation Communiste Internationaliste (OCI).
 Five by Four is a 2003 Indian film written and directed by Roopa Swaninathan. It stars VJs Cary Edwards Sapna and Usha Seetharam television artistes Venkat Preetha Raaghav and Divyadarshini and popular Kannada model Hardeep Minhas. The music was by Yuvan Shankar Raja and cinematography by Ravi Varman. The film in English was produced by the National Film Development Corporation of India (NFDC).
 Beautiful Tragedy is the seventh studio album by Canadian country music artist Lisa Brokop. It was released on August 19 2008 by Ellbea Music and distributed by Fontana Distribution.Band in the Window was previously recorded by Pam Tillis on her 2007 album RhineStoned and released as a single but did not chart.
 Robert James (Bob) Corbett (August 25 1905–April 25 1971) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
 Chalcides ebneri or Ebner's Skink is a species of skink that lives in Morocco. It is only found in two small locations and has not been sighted since 1970. It is threatened by some agricultural practices and habitat loss and populations presumably continue to decline. It is found in rocky areas near grassy ground cover. The females of the species give birth to live young.
 The Osoyoos Times is a local newspaper based in Osoyoos British Columbia Canada edited by veteran journalist Keith Lacey. It was founded in 1947 with the motto of the newspaper being delivering [sic] the community's news since 1947. Osoyoos Times is headquartered at 8712 Main Street.Controversy has came from the Osoyoos Times however.
 Blizanci is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Stari Grad Sarajevo.
 Rumble Doll is the name of the debut full-length album from Bruce Springsteen's wife singer-songwriter Patti Scialfa. It features twelve tracks eleven of which she wrote herself. It also features a number of guest stars in production and playing roles namely Mike Campbell (who co-produced the record with Springsteen) Kenny Aronoff Jim Keltner Nils Lofgren Jeff Porcaro and Benmont Tench.allmusic's Tim Griggs gave the record 3 of 5 stars and called it a slow seduction.
 I Thought It Was You is the second studio album released by American country music singer Doug Stone released in 1991. Certified platinum in the United States this album produced Top Five singles on the Hot Country Songs charts in its title track and Come in out of the Pain as well as a Number One in A Jukebox with a Country Song.
 Sutton Lake is a 1520-acre (6 km2) reservoir on the Elk River in Braxton and Webster counties West Virginia. Sutton Lake is located just upstream of Sutton. It was authorized by Congress in the Flood Control Act of 1938. Construction of the dam began in 1956 and was completed in 1961. The dam is 210 feet (64 m) high 1178 feet (359 m) long and constructed of concrete. The lake was named by Congressional action Public Law 90-46 July 4 1967.
 Pachk (Persian: پچك‎; also known as Parch) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 99 families.
 Podlasie [pɔdˈlaɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Tarnawa Wyżna [tarˈnava ˈvɨʐna] (Ukrainian: Тернава Вижня Ternava Vyzhnia) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Lutowiska 41 km (25 mi) south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne and 120 km (75 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 The Working Class Goes to Heaven (Italian: La classe operaia va in paradiso) is a 1971 film directed by Elio Petri. It depicts a factory worker's realisation of his own condition as a simple tool in the process of production and implicitly his struggle with the trade unions. The worker in question Lulu is described in the first part of the film as a Stakhanovite.
 Turze Rogi [ˈtuʐɛ ˈrɔɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Łuków and 75 km (47 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 493.
 Miklós Hanó (born February 6 1957) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Békés County Regional List since 2010. He also served as Member of Parliament between 1998 and 2002.
 The Jūra is a river in western Lithuania and a right tributary of the Nemunas. It mostly follows a meandering and natural course although two concrete dams of hydroelectric power plants prevent paddling as do dense vegetation in its upper reaches and large stones.The river's name comes from the Lithuanian word jūra which means sea. Towns on the Jūra include Tauragė Rietavas Kvėdarna and Pajūris.
 Shadow Cat is an album by Robyn Hitchcock released in England in 2008.This was released in the UK by Sartorial Records distributed by Cargo and is available in America thru Red Eye distribution. The set contains otherwise unavailable titles as well as an edited version of 'Statue With A Walkman' (63 seconds shorter and omitting the spoken-word interludes featured in the original).
 The Ferry Street–Thorofare Canal Bridge is a bridge located at Ferry Street over the Thorofare Canal in Grosse Ile Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Le Nationaliste was a weekly newspaper (published on Sundays) and an organ of the Ligue nationaliste an anti-imperialist and nationalist movement in Quebec Canada.The paper was founded by journalist Olivar Asselin journalist and politician Henri Bourassa and others. Although Bourassa owned shares in the newspaper he refrained from becoming active in its administration and fearing his byline would imply his tacit approval of all its positions quickly stopped contributing articles to it.
 Dominic Dom Mintoff (Maltese: Duminku Mintoff; sometimes referred to simply as il-Perit (the architect); 6 August 1916 – 20 August 2012) was a Maltese politician journalist and architect who was leader of the Labour Party from 1949 to 1984 and was Prime Minister of Malta from 1955 to 1958 when Malta was still a British colony and again following independence from 1971 to 1984.
 Earl Warren (March 19 1891 – July 9 1974) was an American jurist and politician who served as the 14th Chief Justice of the United States (1953–1969) and the 30th Governor of California.He is best known for the decisions of the Warren Court which ended school segregation and transformed many areas of American law especially regarding the rights of the accused ending public-school-sponsored prayer and requiring one-man-one vote rules of apportionment.
 Springfield Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Sharpsburg Kentucky. It was built in 1821 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.In 1932 an archaeological site 15BH13 was recorded in the vicinity of the church: a local resident reported finding stone box graves in a field near the church.
 Les Sœurs fâchées (English: The Angry Sisters; distributed in English as Me and My Sister) is a 2004 French comedy film directed by Alexandra Leclère and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 Pir Bolagh (Persian: پيربلاغ‎ also Romanized as Pīr Bolāgh; also known as Fir Bulāq and Pīr Bolāghī) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District Siah Rud District Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 The Smida River is a tributary of the Muncelu River in Romania.
 The Mingyi River (Chinese: 鸣矣河; pinyin: Míngyǐ Hé) is a tributary of the Tanglang River in Yunnan province southwestern China. The river rises in southwestern Jinning County and the upper stream is called the Chemu River (Chinese: 车木河; pinyin: Chēmù Hé) . Another stream rises in the far south of Anning City. These two streams flow together near Bajie and from there the Mingyi flows north through southern Anning City into Tanglang River. The total length of the Mingyi is 77 km.
 The Naked Witch is a 1961 American horror film written and directed by Larry Buchanan. It was financed by a Texan drive in owner who wanted a movie with lots of nudity. The film was successful and helped launch Buchanan's career.
 Nuclear Instruments and Methods in Physics Research (Nucl. Instr. Meth. Phys. Res.) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It was established in 1957 as Nuclear Instruments.
 Bharat Boghara is a Member of Legislative assembly from Jasdan constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
 Black Widow is an 2010 thriller movie directed by Mark Roemmich and starring Janine Turner Jack Scalia and Jennifer O'Dell.
 Crossing the Border is the second album released by Rawlins Cross. It was released in 1992 under the Ground Swell label.
 Not in My Name is an EP by Saul Williams released in May 2003.
 Gwizdów [ˈɡvʲizduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leżajsk within Leżajsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Leżajsk and 30 km (19 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 617.
 Farmers' Bank is the first bank museum of its kind found in Virginia. Farmers' Bank was incorporated in 1812 and the Petersburg Virginia branch opened in 1817.
 Nay Band (Persian: ناي بند‎ also Romanized as Nāy Band Naiband and Ney Band; also known as Naibandān and Neyban) is a village in Kavir Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 484 in 133 families.
 Shahid Masood Khan (Urdu: شاہد مسعود خان‎) is a Pakistani political writer television host journalist and political analyst.A surgery practitioner his career in broadcast journalism began after the terror attacks in the United States in 2001. During this time he conducted various political interview of many of country's influential statesman and politicians.
 The Kirkland Place Historic District is a historic district on Kirkland Place in Cambridge Massachusetts. The district which abuts the Harvard University campus to the west contains an architecturally cohesive and distinctive set of seven houses six of which were completed before 1857. Four houses were designed by Isaac Cutler who laid out Kirkland Place in 1855. The make way for these four houses Cutler moved an 1839 Greek Revival house now 14 Kirkland Place to the back of its lot.
 Matsudaira Yasuhide (松平 康英) (July 16 1830 – July 5 1904) was a Japanese daimyo of the late Edo period who ruled the Tanakura and then Kawagoe Domains. He served as gaikoku bugyō and rōjū in the Tokugawa administration.
 Singing in the Shrouds is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twentieth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1959. The plot concerns a serial killer who is on a transatlantic voyage to South Africa.
 The Hundsrügg (2047 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located west of Zweisimmen in the Bernese Oberland. It is the highest point of the chain south of the Jaun Pass and east of the Gastlosen.
 An Arrow's Flight (ISBN 978-0-312-24288-6) is a novel by Mark Merlis published in 1998.
 The Cayman Islands National Museum is a museum in the Cayman Islands. It is housed in the former Old Courts Building on Harbor Drive in George Town Grand Cayman.
 Ellen L. Weintraub is a Commissioner on the United States Federal Election Commission.She received a recess appointment to the Commission on December 6 2002 and took office on December 9 2002. She was renominated on January 9 2003 and confirmed by unanimous consent of the United States Senate on March 18 2003. Shortly after her arrival at the FEC Weintraub was elected Chair of the Commission for 2003. She is the third woman to serve on the Commission.
 Kolonia Kurowice [kɔˈlɔɲa kurɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sabnie within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sabnie 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Sokołów Podlaski and 98 km (61 mi) east of Warsaw.
 The White Throated Snapping Turtle (Elseya albagula) is one of the largest species of Chelid Turtles in the world growing to approximately 45 cm carapace length. The species is endemic to south-eastern Queensland Australia found in the Burnett Mary and Fitzroy River Drainages.
 US Songs is the first album by American emo band Elliott.
 Blues Alley Jazz is a 1980 live album by the pianist George Shearing accompanied by the double bassist Brian Torff.
 Al-Mutamar is a daily newspaper issued by the Iraqi National Congress. [1] There has been some controversy after it was discovered that the United States was secretly paying Iraqi newspapers including Al-Mutamar to print possibly biased articles written by American troops and officials.[2]
 The house at 322 Albany Avenue (NY 32) in Kingston New York United States is a stone building dating to the early 19th century. In the 1840s it was renovated in the Greek Revival architectural style.Almost a century later it was renovated again this time in the Colonial Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Queens Jewish Center also known as Queens Jewish Center and Talmud Torah or QJC is a synagogue in Forest Hills Queens New York known for its significant contributions to the Jewish community. The synagogue was established by a dozen families in 1943 to serve the growing central Queens Jewish community. The current spiritual leader is Rabbi Simcha Hopkovitz.
 24: The Soundtrack released on December 7 2004 in the USA is based on the Fox television drama series 24 contains nineteen tracks of music composed exclusively for the first three seasons by producer Sean Callery including the show's full theme song which has never been aired.
 The Maranhão red-handed howler (Alouatta ululata) is an endangered species of howler monkey endemic to forests (for example Babaçu forests) in the northeastern Brazilian states of Ceará Maranhão and Piauí. It was previously thought to be a subspecies of the red-handed howler but unlike that species the Maranhão red-handed howler is strongly sexually dichromatic.
 The Oxford Murders (Spanish: Crímenes imperceptibles; Imperceptible Crimes) is a novel by the Argentine author Guillermo Martínez first published in 2003. There is a 2005 translation by Sonia Soto.The story tells about a professor of logic who along with a graduate student investigates a series of bizarre mathematically-based murders in Oxford England.
 Kaidma is a village in Illuka Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Post Gwyn is a subsidiary summit of Cadair Berwyn in north east Wales. It is the western outpost of the main central Berwyn range. The range also includes the Hirnantau to the west which are crowned by Cyrniau Nod.The summit is the highest bump on the most westerly of Cadair Berwyn's long south ridges. This ridge has a peat bog covering with the heather being very deep. No well trodden paths have developed here and the summit is seldom visited.
 Hastings Methodist Episcopal Church is a church building located at 719 Vermillion Street in downtown Hastings Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is significant for its Gothic Revival Greek Revival and Italianate architecture. The building exterior is clapboard with a characteristic tower including abat-sons and emphatic eaves supported by corbels.
 I. Daneek Miller (born November 6 1960) represents the New York City Council's 27th District which comprises St. Albans Cambria Heights Jamaica and Hollis among other neighborhoods in Southeast Queens. He was elected in the 2013 New York City Council elections.Council Member Miller previously served as president of Amalgamated Transit Union (ATU) Local No. 1056 representing drivers and mechanics who work for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's Queens Bus Division.
 Mount Warning (Aboriginal: Wollumbin) is a volcanic plug of the now-gone Tweed Volcano located in Australia 14 kilometres (9 mi) west-south-west of Murwillumbah in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales near the border with Queensland. Due to Mount Warning's proximity to Cape Byron the Australian continent's easternmost point it is the first place on mainland Australia to receive the sun's rays each day.
 Growing Up Absurd: Problems of Youth in the Organized Society is a 1960 book by Paul Goodman.
 Millions of Dead Cops is the debut studio album by the American hardcore punk band MDC. It was originally released on December 16 1981 through Rhythm Vicar and was distributed by Alternative Tentacles. Today it is considered a hardcore punk classic.
 Gutulisjøen is a lake in the municipality of Engerdal in Hedmark county Norway.
 Redman Farm House is a historic house at 2173 Washington Street in Canton Massachusetts.The house was built in 1795 and added to the National Historic Register in 1980 where it is incorrectly listed as being at the corner of Washington St. and Homans Lane.
 Steve Abbott (born August 16 1962) is an American lawyer and politician most recently serving as the Chief of Staff to Senator Susan Collins. In January 2010 Abbott announced that he was seeking the 2010 Republican nomination for Governor of Maine. In the June primary he came in fourth.
 The Balașina River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Kavaklı Sultanhisar is a village in the District of Sultanhisar Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 861 people.
 Running with Scissors is a 2002 memoir by American writer Augusten Burroughs. The book tells the story of Burroughs's bizarre childhood life after his mother who had an obsession with Anne Sexton sent him to live with her psychiatrist. Running with Scissors spent eight weeks on the New York Times bestseller list.
 Myennis mandschurica is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Myennis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Borj-e Zeydanlu (Persian: برج زيدانلو‎ also Romanized as Borj-e Zeydānlū; also known as Borj and Zeydānlū) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 442 in 114 families.
 Kenneth C. Binks (born 19 May 1925 in Ottawa Ontario) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a lawyer by career.He represented the Ontario riding of Ottawa West during the short-lived 31st Canadian Parliament after winning the seat in the 1979 federal election.
 Undercut is a 2004 martial arts film written and directed by Stephen Reedy.
 The Tragedy of Arthur (2011) is an acclaimed novel written by Minnesotan writer Arthur Phillips author of Prague and The Song is You. The novel takes the form of an introduction to a recently discovered play by William Shakespeare. This introduction also serves as a memoir of the book's protagonist - also named Arthur Phillips - as he tells the story of his family and their connection to this apocryphal Shakespearean text.
 Filio ni doma is a novel by Slovenian author Berta Bojetu. It was first published in 1990.
 The Confessions of Dr. Dream and Other Stories is the fifth studio album by Kevin Ayers. Ayers moved to Island Records for this release which employed a vast array of session musicians. The album also marked the arrival of Patto guitarist Ollie Halsall who would become a constant musical partner for Ayers. The album was critically acclaimed on release with the NME's Nick Kent describing it as Ayers' most formidable recorded work to date.
 Why We Suck: A Feel Good Guide to Staying Fat Loud Lazy and Stupid is a 2008 book by Irish-American television and movie star comedian and social commentator Denis Leary.
 No Gods is the debut full-length studio album by British rock band Sharks which was released by Rise Records on 19 March 2012 in the UK and on 20 March 2012 in the US. The album was recorded in Baltimore MD from September to early October 2011 and was produced by Brian McTernan. The band recorded a total of 14 tracks.
 The House That Drips Blood on Alex is a 2010 comedy horror short starring Tommy Wiseau. The film was written by sketch comedy group Studio8. It first aired October 14 2010 on Comedy Central and was released online at atom.com. (The title is an irreverent homage to the Amicus film The House That Dripped Blood.)
 Westward Ho is a 1942 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by John English.
 Kuźnica Skakawska [kuʑˈnit͡sa skaˈkafska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieruszów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wieruszów and 108 km (67 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 The New World is a 2005 British-American romantic historical drama film written and directed by Terrence Malick depicting the founding of the Jamestown Virginia settlement and inspired by the historical figures Captain John Smith Pocahontas of the Powatan Native American tribe and the handsome Englishman John Rolfe.
 The Northern Pied Babbler (Turdoides hypoleuca) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Glass (Dutch: Glas) is a 1958 Dutch short documentary film by director and producer Bert Haanstra. The film won the Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject in 1959. The film is about the glass industry in the Netherlands. It contrasts the hand made crystal from the Royal Leerdam Glass Factory with automated bottle making machines.
 Marc Tanguay is a Canadian politician and a member of the National Assembly of Quebec for LaFontaine electoral district.He is the president of the Quebec Liberal Party since September 26 2009. He is a lawyer by profession and studied political science at Université Laval and law at Université de Montréal.He was elected in a by-election held on June 11 2012 which was triggered by the resignation of Tony Tomassi on May 3 2012.
 Ung Huot (Khmer: អ៊ឹង ហួត; born 1 January 1945) is a Cambodian politician who served from 1997 to 1998 as Prime Minister of Cambodia alongside Hun Sen. A member of the Funcinpec Party he served as Minister of Foreign Affairs and Minister of Posts and Telecommunications. He later established the Rastra Niyum Party but failed to gain any seats in parliament in 1998.
 For the 1989 film of the same name starring Hulk Hogan see No Holds Barred (1989 film).No Holds Barred is a 1952 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on November 23 1952 by Monogram Pictures and is the twenty-eighth film in the series.
 David Fortune Landale (9 November 1905 – 1970) was the chief manager of the Jardine Matheson & Co. and the unofficial member of the Executive Council and senior unofficial member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.Born in Dalswinton Dumfriesshire. He was the member of the Landale family one of family controlled the Jardine Matheson the prominent trading house in Hong Kong and China.
 Manikiakkallu (Malayalam: മാണിക്യക്കല്ല് Māṇikyakkallŭ ?) is a 2011 Malayalam drama film directed by M. Mohanan and starring Prithviraj and Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles. The film is about a young teacher who arrives at a village school who tries to make a definite change in student attitude.
 Not to be confused with the Danish monster film Reptilicus.Yonggary (용가리 – Yonggari released in the U.S. as Reptilian) is a 1999 South Korean Kaiju film. It is a contemporary reimagining of the original 1967 film Yonggary. The film was released in Korea in 1999 as Yonggary but released in the United States under the new title Reptilian in 2001. The film was met with generally unfavorable reviews. The film's acting soundtrack and CGI were the targets of such criticism.
 Thomas Tom Tillberry (born May 4 1964) is a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives representing District 51B which includes portions of Anoka and Ramsey counties in the northern part of the Twin Cities metropolitan area. A Democrat he is also a teacher and counselor at Roseville Area High School in Roseville.Tillberry was first elected in 2006 and was re-elected in 2008 and 2010.
 The Urlătoarea Clincii River is a tributary of the Poarta River in Romania.
 The Wiley Hose Company Building is located at 30 West Bridge Street in Catskill New York. The three story brick building is a representative example of a turn-of-the-century firehouse. It was built in 1900 by George W. Holdridge a local builder. The brick was produced in the Catskill area and is complemented by stone and terra cotta detailing.
 Nikolchovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Etesiolaus catori the Small Green Sapphire or Cator’s Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Kenya Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Pachystela brevipes Manilkara and Synsepalum species.
 The Cornet River is a tributary of the Bucureșci River in Romania.
 The Benjamin Haines House also known as the Haines Farmstead and the Haddon-Scott House is one of the oldest buildings in the Town of Montgomery in Orange County New York United States. It is located at 114 Coleman Road southeast of the village of Walden.Built by Haines around 1750 the house later passed into the ownership of the Haddon and then Scott families. Members of the latter owned it until 1994. Improvements and renovations in the early 19th century gave it a Greek Revival look.
 Janice Rhea Reimer (born May 23 1952) is a Canadian politician and the first female mayor of Edmonton Alberta having served in that capacity from 1989 until 1995. Highlights of her time in office included the inception of a new waste management system (which included curbside pickup of recyclables) and repeated efforts by Peter Pocklington owner of the Edmonton Oilers to secure concessions from the city in exchange for his agreement not to move the team.
 Katalin Makray (born 5 April 1945) is a Hungarian former gymnast who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.She is the spouse of former President of Hungary Pál Schmitt. She was the First Lady of Hungary from 2010 to 2012 during her husband's presidency at the Sándor Palace.
 Nová Ves (Sokolov District) is a village and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Thomas P. Tommy Broughan (born 1 August 1947) is an Irish politician. He has been a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North–East constituency since November 1992. He sits as an independent TD after losing the Labour Party whip on 1 December 2011. This was his third time to lose the Labour whip having previously done so in 1994 and 2010.
 Moonlight and Valentino is a 1995 dramedy film directed by David Anspaugh. The screenplay by Ellen Simon is based on her semi-autobiographical play of the same title.
 Pulau Tekong Reservoir (Chinese: 德光岛蓄水池; pinyin: Déguāngdǎo Xùshuǐchí; Malay: Takungan Air Pulau Tekong) is a reservoir located on Pulau Tekong an island in Singapore.The reservoir provides the water supply for all the military installation within the island.
 The Large Woodshrike (Tephrodornis gularis the name T. virgatus provided as a substitute on insufficient grounds.) is a species in the helmetshrike family Prionopidae. The woodshrikes were formerly placed in the Campephagidae (cuckooshrikes) sometimes.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan Brunei Cambodia China India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal Singapore Thailand and Vietnam.
 Proceratophrys moehringi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Observer is a British newspaper published on Sundays. In the same place on the political spectrum as its daily sister paper The Guardian whose parent company Guardian Media Group acquired it in 1993 it takes a social liberal or social democratic line on most issues. First published in 1791 it is the world's oldest Sunday newspaper.
 Mount Agung or Gunung Agung is a mountain in Bali Indonesia. This stratovolcano is the highest point on the island. It dominates the surrounding area influencing the climate. The clouds come from the west and Agung takes their water so that the west is lush and green while the east dry and barren.The Balinese believe that Mount Agung is a replica of Mount Meru the central axis of the universe. One legend holds that the mountain is a fragment of Meru brought to Bali by the first Hindus.
 Peter Frampton is the eleventh studio album by English singer-songwriter Peter Frampton released in 1994. An expanded version of the album was issued in 2000. It also features one of the last recordings made by Peter's former bandmate Steve Marriott Out of the Blue.
 The Old-House Journal is an American magazine that specializes in information about the restoration of old houses. Its first issue was published in 1973 as a small pamphlet but later became a nationally published glossy magazine.
 Sharon Louise Gleason (born 1957) is a District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Alaska. The United States Senate confirmed Gleason in an 87–8 vote on November 15 2011. She received her commission on January 4 2012.
 The Mrs. A. W. Gridley House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home in Batavia Illinois.
 Ambeodontus almeidai is a species of beetle in the subfamily Cerambycinae.
 La ragazza di Bube is a 1963 Italian crime film drama directed by Luigi Comencini and starring Claudia Cardinale and George Chakiris.
 Lebršnik is a mountain in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina. It has an altitude of 1985 metres (6512 ft).
 Santa Isabel is a shield volcano located in Tolima Department Colombia southwest of Nevado del Ruiz volcano.
 Hey Joe! Hey Moe! is an album by country singers Moe Bandy and Joe Stampley released in 1981 on the Columbia label recorded and mastered at the CBS Recording Studios Nashville Tennessee.
 The Man Outside is a British film released in 1968. It was previously exhibited in Austria and West Germany in 1967. The story is based on the novel Double Agent by Gene Stackleborg.
 Metahistory: The Historical Imagination in 19th-century Europe is a historiography book by Hayden White first published in 1973.On the second page of his Introduction White stated:My own analysis of the deep structure of the historical imagination of Nineteenth century Europe is intended to provide a new perspective on the current debate over the nature and function of historical knowledge. The theoretical framework is outlined in the first 50 pages of the book which considers in detail eight major figures of 19th-century history and philosophy of history. 
 Sex Lives of the Potato Men is a British comedy film released in 2004. It is known as one of the worst films ever made.The film is about the sexual antics of a group of potato delivery men in Birmingham and stars Johnny Vegas and Mackenzie Crook.
 Rock 'n' Roll is a play by British playwright Tom Stoppard that premiered at the Royal Court Theatre London in 2006.
 Euphaedra demeter the Demeter Ceres Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon and the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Island of the Day Before (L'isola del giorno prima) is a 1994 novel by Umberto Eco. Set in the 17th century it revolves around Roberto della Griva an Italian nobleman marooned on a deserted ship in the Pacific Sea and his slowly decaying mental state set against a backdrop of Baroque-era science metaphysics and cosmology.This work contains references to Eco's previous novels. In one example there is a mention of a crucial plot point from Eco's first novel The Name of the Rose.
 The Yucatan Wren (Campylorhynchus yucatanicus) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and is only found on the narrow coastal strip of the northern Yucatán Peninsula. One of the key habitats of this species is the Petenes mangroves ecoregion of the Yucatan coast. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Leitzaran (pronounced [leiˈts̻aɾan] or Leizarán in Spanish) is a river and a valley in the Navarre and the Basque Country (Spain). It flows into the river Oria from its right.Its source is in the Leitza municipality in Navarre and it is 42 km long. It enters into Gipuzkoa in a place called Urto. It takes water from the municipalities of Areso Berastegi Elduain Villabona Urnieta and Andoain and has an area of 124.02 km² of which 69.72 km² belongs to Gipuzkoa.
 Turbonilla scammonensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Scottish Livingstone Hospital also known as Molepolole Hospital is a government-run district hospital located in Molepolole Botswana 60 kilometres (37 mi) from Gaborone.
 Winfield House was a historic house at 853 Hancock Street in Quincy Massachusetts.Winfield House served as a restaurant for 50 years. The house was demolished in 1998 by its then owners Eastern Nazarene College to enable the school to proceed with campus expansion plans; all that is left now is stairs leading up to an empty house lot and the elm tree.In the demolition the elm tree was saved. (ENC hosts an impressive arboretum on their college campus.)
 Hujr ibn 'Adi Mosque is a mosque in Adra Syria. It is named after Hujr ibn 'Adi who was one of the Sahabah.Hujr and his son Humaam ibn Hajar are buried in Adra in the outskirts of the Syrian capital Damascus. A mosque has been built around his grave and is a pilgrimage site for Muslims.
 Big Love is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Tracy Byrd. The album was released in 1996 on MCA Records and contains four singles: the title track a cover of Johnny Paycheck's (Don't Take Her) She's All I Got Don't Love Make a Diamond Shine and Good Ol' Fashioned Love.
 Box jellyfish (class Cubozoa) are cnidarian invertebrates distinguished by their cube-shaped medusae. Some species of box jellyfish produce extremely potent venom: Chironex fleckeri Carukia barnesi and Malo kingi are among the most venomous creatures in the world. Stings from these and a few other species in the class are extremely painful and sometimes fatal to humans.
 Sabhash is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2000.
 Bidestaneh (Persian: بيدستانه‎ also Romanized as Bīdestāneh) is a village in Silakhor-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 53 families.
 The Willard House and Clock Museum located in North Grafton Massachusetts USA is the former farm homestead of the Willard brothers (Benjamin Simon Ephraim and Aaron) who made clocks there in the late 18th century before they moved the business to Roxbury where they became pillars of the emerging American clockmaking industry. The house was built about 1718.
 3 Stories About Evil is a 2008 short experimental narrative film directed by Michael Frost and photographed by Andrew K. Sachs. It was written by Walter Reuben and stars Mink Stole Erica Gavin Joe Dallesandro and Billy Drago.
 The River Dee (Scottish Gaelic: Uisge Dhè) is a river in Aberdeenshire Scotland. It rises in the Cairngorms and flows through Strathdee to reach the North Sea at Aberdeen. The general area is called Deeside or Royal Deeside in the region between Braemar and Banchory because Queen Victoria came to love the place and built Balmoral Castle there.
 Bad Monkeys (2007) is a psychological thriller novel by Matt Ruff.
 Cothay Manor is a grade one listed medieval house and gardens located in Stawley near Wellington Somerset.In the early 14th century the local lord of the manor were the Bluett and Cothay families who owned both the nearby Greenham Barton and Cothay Manor.
 The Easy Way to Stop Smoking is a self-help book written by British author and accountant Allen Carr. The book aims to help people quit smoking offering a range of different methods. The book is the most famous book of Carr as it resonated widely in the world and became a worldwide bestseller.
 Jackleg Devotional to the Heart is the second full length album released on May 21 2013 by the Denton Texas based band The Baptist Generals and their third release on US label Sub Pop.
 The Green-tailed Trainbearer (Lesbia nuna) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Aashayein (Hopes) is a 2010 Hindi film written and directed by Nagesh Kukunoor and produced by Percept Picture Company and T-Series. It stars John Abraham and Sonal Sehgal in the lead roles.
 Steel (Italian:Acciaio) is a 1933 Italian drama film directed by Walter Ruttmann and starring Piero Pastore Isa Pola and Vittorio Bellaccini. The film was shot on location at the steel mills in Terni in Umbria. It was based on the novel Giuoca Pietro! by Luigi Pirandello. With its semi-documentary style it was one of a number of films made in the Fascist era that serve as a precursor to Italian neorealism which emerged in the mid-1940s.
 Thanh Hai Ngo (Ngô Thanh Hải Vietnam January 3 1947) is a Conservative Party of Canada Senator representing Ontario. He is the first Canadian Senator of Vietnamese descent. Ngo was born in Vietnam and moved to Canada in 1975 after fleeing Vietnam via Malaysia.He has a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) from the University of Paris and Bachelor and a Master of Education from the University of Ottawa. Until his appointment to the Senate in 2012 he had been a citizenship judge from 2007 to 2012.
 Tongue n' Cheek is the fourth studio album by British rapper Dizzee Rascal. The album was released on 20 September 2009 and includes the number one singles Dance wiv Me Bonkers Holiday and Dirtee Disco. It has been certified platinum by the BPI for sales of over 300000 making it the best-selling album of Rascal's career.
 Amalda trachyzonus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Rębiska [rɛmˈbiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Szemud 19 km (12 mi) south of Wejherowo and 22 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 305.
 Bruntonichthys is an arthrodire placoderm from the Gogo Reef Formation. It was a small fish having proportionately huge eyes and small jaws. Researchers suggest it may have preyed on small mollusks.
 Schwarzbach (Mulde) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Churring Cisticola (Cisticola njombe) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.It is found in Malawi Tanzania and Zambia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 A Boy in France is a short story by J. D. Salinger. It is the second part of a trio of stories following the character Babe Gladwaller. The first story is Last Day of the Last Furlough and the third is The Stranger. A Boy in France is one of the few Salinger war stories which deals directly with combat conditions. The setting is at the front as Babe hunkered down in a foxhole tries to comfort himself by rereading a letter from his sister.
 Faulvatnet (Lule Sami: Låddejávrre) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. The 7.24-square-kilometre (2.80 sq mi) lake is located about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) north of the village of Straumen just west of Rago National Park. The water flows out into the Sleipdalselva river and the water is used for power generation at the Lakshola hydroelectric power station.
 Story of the Vulture Conqueror is a two-part Hong Kong film adapted from Louis Cha's novel The Legend of the Condor Heroes. The first part was released in 1958 while the second part was released in the following year. The film was directed by Wu Pang and starred Cho Tat-wah and Yung Siu-yee in the leading roles.
 The Kiwi River is a river of New Zealand's South Island. One of the headwaters of the Hope River it flows generally northwest from its source within Lake Sumner Forest Park four kilometres north of Lake Sumner.There are numerous other smaller watercourses in New Zealand called Kiwi stream or Kiwi creek.
 Lake Kagawong is the second largest lake on Manitoulin Island in Ontario Canada. Located in the central part of the island the lake is drained by the Kagawong River which falls over Bridal Veil Falls into Lake Huron.
 Heidenhäuschen is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Faithful is the title of Dusty Springfield's planned third album for Atlantic Records and seventh studio album overall recorded in the first half of 1971. Two singles from the planned album I Believe In You (b/w Someone Who Cares) and Haunted (b/w Nothing Is Forever a track not intended for the album) were released in the U.S. in the fall of 1971 but didn't chart nationally though Haunted has long been reported as a local chart-topper in Boston.
 Stary Pudłów [ˈstarɨ ˈpudwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Poddębice and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Uzu Hotel or Ozoo or Ouzou Hotel is a hotel in Benghazi Libya overlooking the 23 July Lake of the inner harbour. It contains 184 rooms (or 262 according to another source) and is served by the Jasmine Cafe.The hotel was once nearly destroyed by a missile.
 The Holt Government refers to the federal Executive Government of Australia led by Prime Minister Harold Holt. It was made up of members of a Liberal Party of Australia-Country Party of Australia coalition in the Australian Parliament from 26 January 1966 – 19 December 1967.
 Nikachkovtsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Racks is the thirty-eighth studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the eight installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.The album was announced and released on September 20 2012 along with the following two Pike installments March of the Slunks and The Silent Picture Book.
 William Joseph Bill Johnston (born 11 August 1962) is an Australian politician. He has been a Labor Party member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly since the 2008 state election representing Cannington.As a young man Bill spent time abroad as an AFS Exchange Student to Bandung Indonesia and has kept close ties to Indonesia and its people. In his personal life Bill is married to Kate Doust The Member for the South Metropolitan Region.
 So Close is a 2002 Hong Kong action film directed by Corey Yuen starring Shu Qi Zhao Wei and Karen Mok. The film's English title is derived from The Carpenters' song Close to You which has a prominent role in the film.
 Rhachicolus cristatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Rhachicolus.
 Glencullen (Irish: Gleann Cuilinn meaning valley of the holly) is a village and townland in the administrative county of Dún Laoghaire in south County Dublin Ireland. It is in the civil parish of Kilternan and the barony and Poor Law Union of Rathdown.The village is on the R116 road on the slopes of Two Rock Mountain above the valley of Glencullen (from which it takes its name).
 Hesperisternia multangulus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Crocydoscelus is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family containing one species Crocydoscelus ferrugineum which is known from the Republic of Congo and Nigeria.
 Bełczna [ˈbɛwt͡ʂna] (German: Neukirchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Night Mare is the sixth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Darreh Bala (Persian: دره بالا‎ also Romanized as Darreh Bālā; also known as Darrehbālā) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Le Journal de Tanger is a French-language local daily newspaper based in Tangier Morocco. It is one of the oldest publications in the country.
 Lily in Love is a 1984 Hungarian-American co-production in English language based on a play by Ferenc Molnár starring Christopher Plummer Maggie Smith and Elke Sommer. It is a tale of comedic deception and romance directed by Károly Makk.
 Western Socialist Journal of Scientific Socialism in the Western Hemisphere was a regular magazine of the Socialist Party of Canada (WSM) begun in 1933 becoming a joint publication with the World Socialist Party of the United States in 1939 before reverting to the Socialist Party of Canada in the mid-1970s and ceasing publication in 1980.
 The Cidacos River is a tributary of the Ebro. Its source is Los Campos in Soria and it flows for 77 km (48 mi) until its reaches the Ebro at Calahorra (La Rioja).It flows through or past various towns like Villar del Río Yanguas Enciso Peroblasco Arnedillo Santa Eulalia Somera and Bajera Herce Arnedo Quel Autol and Calahorra. The river is used for irrigation purposes and is often dried up near Calahorra.
 Duke William of Württemberg (German: Herzog Wilhelm Nikolaus von Württemberg; 20 July 1828 – 5 November 1896) was an Austrian and Württemberg General.
 Past Present & Future is a 2003 retrospective collection of the music of Rob Zombie. It includes selections of his work with White Zombie and his solo career as well as two previously unreleased tracks. It won a Metal Edge Readers' Choice Award for Compilation Album of the Year.The explicit version includes a bonus DVD with ten of Rob Zombie's/White Zombie's music videos; all are edited versions.
 X Isle is a young adult novel by Steve Augarde first published in 2009. It is set in the future after floods have destroyed civilization. The novel follows the experiences of a boy named Baz on his arrival at X Isle from the equally miserable mainland. The book has been nominated for the Carnegie Medal.
 i is an album by Japanese singer/pianist Misako Odani released December 3 1997 on the Universal Victor label. It was produced by Jun Sato who also wrote the scores for all the music except for track 4 which was co-written by Misako.
 Szczepanowice [ʂt͡ʂɛpanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Gorzkowice 19 km (12 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Albert Edward Bay is a bay on the southeast side of Victoria Island in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. If faces Victoria Strait to the east. There are several islands in the bay the largest of which is Admiralty Island at its mouth. Its north side is the Collinson Peninsula.It is part of the Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada and is named in honor of King Edward VII of the United Kingdom.
 Brûlé Lake is a lake in western Alberta Canada.
 Houston: We Have a Drinking Problem is the first studio album by Bad Astronaut released in 2002 on the Honest Don's independent record label. The title alludes to the statement Houston we have a problem somewhat inaccurately attributed to astronaut Jim Lovell aboard the Apollo 13 spacecraft when an explosion in the Service Module endangered the crew. The track Our Greatest Year features a harmonica solo by John Popper of Blues Traveler fame.The album features two covers.
 The Magician: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel (often shortened to The Magician) is the second novel in the six book fantasy fiction series The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel and is the sequel to The Alchemyst. It was released on 5 June 2008 in the United Kingdom and 24 June 2008 in the United States. It was nominated for an Irish Book of the Year Award The Dublin Airport Authority Irish Children's Book of the Year – Senior Category.
 Gone But Not Forgotten is a 1993 novel written by attorney Phillip Margolin and set in Portland Oregon. In 2004 the book was adapted to a television miniseries starring Brooke Shields as Betsy Tannenbaum and Lou Diamond Phillips as Alan Page. Rather than being set in Portland the miniseries was set in Sacramento California.
 Mistress of Mistresses is the first novel in the Zimiamvian Trilogy by Eric Rücker Eddison. First published in 1935 it centers on political intrigues between the nobles and rulers of the Three Kingdoms of Rerek Meszria and Fingiswold following the death of King Mezentius an extraordinary ruler who has held sway over three kingdoms mainly through force of character. Dissolution of the realm seems certain as alliances are formed and begin to intrigue against each other.
 One Rockwell East Tower is an condominium in Rockwell Center Makati Philippines. The building will be part of the One Rockwell building complex. It is the smallest in the complex and it stands 165 m (541 ft) from the ground.
 Pamela A. Pam Wolf née Mens (born November 26 1963) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 51 which includes portions of Anoka Hennepin and Ramsey counties in the northern Twin Cities metropolitan area. A Republican she is a teacher and a golf instructor.Wolf was first elected in 2010. She was a member of the Education the Local Government and Elections and the Transportation committees.
 The Cañada del Oro (Spanish for Canyon of Gold) is a primary watershed channel in the valley of Tucson Arizona USA.
 Small GTPAses is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on small GTPases including their structural biology biochemical regulation and their individual and collective cell biological functions. The journal was established in 2010 and is published by Landes Bioscience. The editor-in-chief is Michael J. Williams (Uppsala University). The journal is abstracted and indexed in MEDLINE/PubMed.
 Srednje (Serbian: Средње) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Oxygoniola chamaeleon is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Oxygoniola.
 Admirals All (1935) is a British comedy film directed by Victor Hanbury and starring Wynne Gibson Gordon Harker Anthony Bushell and George Curzon. It was based on a play by Ian Hay.
 Her Younger Sister is a 1914 American silent short film drama film directed by Frank Cooley starring Fred Gamble and Charlotte Burton.
 Grandes is compilation album released by Latin American Mexican rock band Maná. They released this greatest hits album for distribution in Italy.
 Kamarzavan (Persian: كمرضوان‎ also Romanized as Kamarz̤avān) is a village in Mehran Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 26 families.
 Tam-Lin also known as The Ballad of Tam-Lin The Devil's Widow and The Devil's Woman is a 1970 British film made by Commonwealth United Entertainment Winkast Film Productions Ltd. and distributed by American International Pictures (AIP). It was directed by Roddy McDowall and produced by Alan Ladd Jr. and Stanley Mann from a screenplay by William Spier based on the traditional Scottish poem The Ballad of Tam Lin.
 102 Not Out is a forthcoming Bollywood Drama starring Amitabh Bachchan and Paresh Rawal in the main lead. This film is based on a running Gujrati Play by the same name and is being directed by Umesh Shukla. The film is expected to release in 2015.
 Sir James Beethoven Carlisle GCMG (born August 5 1937) is a dentist and the former Governor-General of Antigua and Barbuda. Selected by Vere Cornwall Bird as the country's first indigenous prime minister his term ended in June 2007 after 14 years in office.
 A Change for the Better is a novel by Susan Hill.
 Champakulam Kalloorkadu St. Marys Syro-Malabar Catholic Forane Church (Malayalam: ചമ്പക്കുളം വലിയ പള്ളി) is an ancient Christian Church in Kerala. It belongs to the Syro-Malabar Church under the archeparchy of Changanacherry. It is a Forane church with several Parishes under it.
 Swinging Brass with the Oscar Peterson Trio is a 1959 studio album by Oscar Peterson arranged by Russell Garcia.
 Mazraeh-ye Khatun (Persian: مزرعه خاتون‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Khātūn; also known as Khātūn) is a village in Neyasar Rural District Neyasar District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 6 families.
 Kashif is a the self-titled debut of Kashif. It was a hit that put him on the music scene with his R&B single I Just Gotta Have You. The album also includes the hits Stone Love Help Yourself to My Love and Say Something Love. This album was digitally remastered by Funky Town Grooves in 2012 and includes five additional tracks.
 The Church of Saint Edmund is a parish church on Castle Street in Dudley West Midlands England.It is known locally as Bottom Church as opposed to St Thomas's parish church in High Street which is known as Top Church.It dates back to AD970. In 1190 it was noted as being within the possession of Dudley Priory. In 1646 during the English Civil War Colonel Leveson ordered the demolition of the church. As a result residents in the parish congregated at St.
 Il seduttore (traslation: The Seducer) is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Franco Rossi.
 Mothership is a greatest hits compilation album by English rock group Led Zeppelin released by Atlantic Records and Rhino Entertainment on 12 November 2007 in the United Kingdom and 13 November 2007 in the United States. It was released on the same day that Led Zeppelin's entire catalog became available in digital stores including the iTunes Store.
 Olang-e Asadi (Persian: النگ اسدي‎ also Romanized as Olang-e Āsadī) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 15 families.
 Calverton Park is a village in St. Louis County Missouri United States. The population was 1293 at the 2010 census.
 Aahaa Enna Porutham is a 1997 Tamil comedy film directed by C. Ranganathan. The film features Ramki Goundamani and Sanghavi in lead roles. The film produced by K. Balu had musical score by Vidyasagar and was released on 19 September 1997 to mixed reviews. Roshini made her debut as a playback singer through this film.
 Lost Souls is the debut studio album by British indie rock band Doves released by Heavenly Records on 3 April 2000. The album was recorded over a period of several years following the dissolution of Doves' original musical incarnation as house music act Sub Sub. Lost Souls was a moderate chart success in the UK; the album peaked at number 16 while the three singles taken from the album charted in the Top 40.
 Leptotyphlops rubrolineatus or the Red-lined blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 The Dan Bradley House in Marcellus New York was built in 1804 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. Dan Bradley was a pastor and judge and his son Dan Beach Bradley was a 19th century medical missionary to Thailand.
 This Is the Way That I Feel is the name of the fourth solo studio album released by American country music singer Marie Osmond. This was Osmond's first and only album under the Polydor/Knob label following her departure from MGM Records. It was released in 1977 and would be her last solo studio album eight years.This Is the Way That I Feel was a departure for Osmond as it took a more Pop-sounding direction than any of her previous albums.
 The Black-tailed Trogon (Trogon melanurus) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family. It is found in humid forest in the Amazon Basin north-western South America and adjacent Panama. The taxon mesurus from western Ecuador and far north-western Peru was formerly considered a subspecies of the Black-tailed Trogon but is now considered a separate species the Ecuadorian Trogon.
 Pridvorica (in Serbian Cyrillic Придворица) is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Bojnik and the district of Jablanica. In 2002 it had 951 inhabitants of which 919 were Serbs (96.63%) and 30 Romani (3.15%).The village of Pridvorica is on the banks of the Pusta River a tributary of the Južna Morava.
 Skin Deep is a fantasy comic book and webcomic series written and drawn by Missourian Kory Bingaman.The story follows the lives of various mythical creatures such as a gryphon a nixie a satyr and a sphinx as they disguise themselves (using magical medallions) into the world of humans.
 Apamea inordinata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the United States including New York Massachusetts Pennsylvania Colorado and California. In Canada it is found in Ontario Quebec New Brunswick Nova Scotia British Columbia Alberta Saskatchewan and Manitoba.The wingspan is about 34 mm.
 The Estero Chimbarongo is a river of Chile.
 Tumaraqa Khan (Persian: توماراقاخان‎ also Romanized as Tūmārāqā Khān) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 58 families.
 Steatoda capensis is a spider originating from South Africa. Its common names include the black cobweb spider brown house spider cupboard spider and due to its similarities to the katipo spider it is commonly known as the false katipo in New Zealand. Common throughout Southern Africa it has been introduced into other countries and is now present in Australia and throughout New Zealand.
 Ponten is a mountain in Bavaria Germany.
 Mountain Music is a 1937 American comedy-musical film directed by Robert Florey. Paramount quickly reunited Raye and Burns from their pairing in Waikiki Wedding of earlier the same year. The plot rooted in Burns' comic hillbilly persona from radio revolves around a longstanding feud between two country families of Monotony Arkansas and an amnesia-prone groom. This was Wally Vernon's first film. Some sources have Charles Reisner as co-director.
 Thoracica is a superorder of crustaceans which contains the most familiar species of barnacles found on rocky coasts such as Semibalanus balanoides and Chthamalus stellatus. They have six well-developed limbs and may be either stalked or sessile. The carapace is heavily calcified. The group includes free-living and commensal species.
 High Society is a 1956 soundtrack album featuring Bing Crosby Frank Sinatra Louis Armstrong and Grace Kelly. This was Crosby's fifth LP album and his first recorded for Capitol Records.
 The Potoci River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. It flows into Lake Izvorul Muntelui in the proximity of Potoci.
 Larry Nicholas Nick Rush (born March 8 1968 in Christiansburg Virginia) is an American politician of the Republican Party. Since early 2012 he has been a member of the Virginia House of Delegates. He currently represents the 7th district made up of Floyd County Montgomery County (part) and Pulaski County (part).After graduating from Christiansburg High School Rush served the United States Army as a paratrooper in the 82nd Airborne Division.
 Chlebczyn [ˈxlɛpt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Sarnaki 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Łosice and 129 km (80 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Ivar Lykke (9 January 1872 Trondheim – 4 December 1949 Trondheim) was a Norwegian politician from the Conservative Party. He was Prime Minister of Norway from 1926 to 1928. He was president of parliament earlier in the 1920's.
 West Point Rice Mill is a former rice mill building in Charleston South Carolina. It is at the City Marina at 17 Lockwood Drive. West Point Mill was one of three large rice mills in Charleston in the 19th century. This building was constructed in 1861 to replace a rice mill that had burned the previous year. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on January 20 1995.
 The Monroe State Bank Building located in Monroe Oregon is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Ahuiyeh (Persian: اهوييه‎ also Romanized as Āhū’īyeh) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 524 in 128 families.
 Wendy Ruth Sherman (born 1949) is Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs the third highest ranking position in the U.S. Department of State. She has formerly worked as a social worker the director of EMILY's list the director of Maryland's office of child welfare and the founding president of the Fannie Mae Foundation.
 Little Fluffy Gigolo Pelu (ファンシージゴロ ペル Fanshī Jigoro Peru a.k.a. Fancy Gigolo Pelu) is a three tankōbon manga series written and illustrated by Junko Mizuno and published by Enterbrain. The series has been licensed in North America and France where the first volume received mostly positive reviews.
 Double Vision is the second studio album by British/American rock band Foreigner released in 1978. It features the band's signature song Hot Blooded which peaked at #3 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Origin in Death (2005) is a novel by J. D. Robb. It is the twenty-second novel in the In Death series preceding Memory in Death.
 Natir Puja (The dancing girl's worship 1932) is the only film where Rabindranath Tagore is credited as director. This film is a recording of Tagore's 1926 stage dance-drama.
 The Eocrinidae are a family of early echinoderms that contain the genus Gogia.
 Pengantin Pantai Biru (literally The Bridegroom of Blue Beach) is a 1983 film directed by Wim Umboh produced by Ferry Angriawan and starring Meriam Bellina and Sandro Tobing. It follows two castaways children who grow up with one of their fathers but must fend for themselves after they are captured and deified by natives. Adapted from Henry De Vere Stacpoole's novel The Blue Lagoon via the film of the same name Pengantin Pantai Biru introduces several differences to the story.
 Haematobia irritans the horn fly is a small fly (about half the size of a common housefly) of the genus Haematobia which is the European genus of bloodsucking flies. Haematobia irritans is a native of Europe but has been introduced to North America and is considered a potentially dangerous livestock pest.
 A Writer's Diary (Russian: Дневник писателя; Dnevnik pisatelya) is a collection of non-fiction and fictional writings by Fyodor Dostoyevsky. Taken from pieces written for a periodical which he founded and produced it is normally published in two volumes: the first covering those published between 1873 and 1876 the second from 1877 and 1881.
 Clypidina is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Belden Village Mall is a shopping mall in Jackson Township Ohio. Its current anchor stores are Dillard's Macy's and Sears.
 Tolombeh-ye Reza Khodadad (Persian: تلمبه رضاخداداد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Rez̤ā Khodādād) is a village in Qanatghestan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sunshine: Music from the Motion Picture is the soundtrack album for the 2007 Danny Boyle film Sunshine and is a joint composition by the electronic band Underworld and film score composer John Murphy. Underworld has a long history of collaboration with Boyle having been featured on the soundtracks to Boyle's Trainspotting A Life Less Ordinary and The Beach.
 Apatelodes taperinha is a moth in the Bombycidae family.
 Kapchagay Reservoir also spelled Qapshaghay Bogeni Reservoir and sometimes referred to as Lake Kapchagay is a major reservoir in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan approximately 60 kilometres north of Almaty. The 140 kilometre long lake is formed by a dam on the Ili River which flows from the mountains in the east towards Lake Balkhash to the northwest. It is named after the town of Kapchagay which is located on its western bank.
 Pattharkot is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4825 people living in 825 individual households.
 A Disease for the Ages is a studio album by the Irish death/doom metal band Mourning Beloveth released May 13 2008. This is the first Mourning Beloveth album to feature Brendan Roche on bass guitar.
 Kanata Centrum is a shopping area in Kanata region of Ottawa. OC Transpo bus routes that pass near this area are route 96 and route 118 as well as local routes 161 164 and 168. It is located at 300 Earl Grey Drive.
 Greenleaf is a short story by Flannery O'Connor. It was written in 1956 and published in 1965 in her short story collection Everything That Rises Must Converge. O'Connor finished the collection during her final battle with lupus. She died in 1964 just before her final book was published. A devout Roman Catholic O'Connor often used religious themes in her work.
 Elantris is a stand-alone fantasy novel written by American author Brandon Sanderson. It was first published in April 2005 by Tor Books and is significant as Sanderson's first widely released book. The book is named after the ruined city whose cursed inhabitants are the focus of the book's plot. Elantris has also been licensed for localized release in Russia France Germany Thailand Poland Netherlands Brazil and at least five other markets. The book gained generally positive reviews.
 Alfredo Baldomir Ferrari (August 27 1884 – February 25 1948) was an Uruguayan soldier architect and politician. He served as President of Uruguay from 1938 to 1943 and is most notable for leading Uruguay to support the Allies during World War II.
 George W. Alexander (October 28 1904 – May 16 1992) was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Derik's Bane is a paranormal romance novel by MaryJanice Davidson.
 Oenothalia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Post Tropical is the second full-length album by the Irish singer-songwriter James Vincent McMorrow. It marks a move away from the largely acoustic indie folk of his 2010 debut Early in the Morning towards a more soulful direction and the inclusion of electronic instruments such as a Roland TR-808 brass and strings combined with hip-hop beats and 1960s soul influences. The album was preceded in October 2013 by the single and album opening track Cavalier.
 Doganica is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 50 people.
 Fjellvatnet is a lake that is located in the municipalities of Bindal and Brønnøy in Nordland county Norway. It flows out through a channel on the southwestern side of the lake and flows into the neighboring lake Eidevatnet.
 Tompkins Street-Main Street Historic District formerly known as Tompkins Street Historic District is a historic district in Cortland New York. It encompasses 109 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in the central business district of Cortland and the surrounding residential areas. It includes about 60 commercial buildings built between 1860 and 1910 public buildings such as the separately listed U.S. Post Office and the Cortland Rural Cemetery.
 Ajj De Ranjhe is a 2012 Punjabi film starring Aman Dhaliwal Gurleen Chopra Gurpreet Ghuggi Kim Verma Rana Ranbir. The movie is directed by Manmohan Singh. The movie is to be released on 7 September 2012.
 Thengana is a town in the Kottayam district of Kerala state in India. It belongs to Madappally Panchayath and is 5 Kilometers away from Changanassery.
 Ariadne merione also known as the Common Castor is an orange butterfly with brown lines whose larvae feed almost exclusively on Castor Ricinus communis. It is similar in appearance to Ariadne ariadne the Angled Castor.This species is found in south-eastern Asia. Their wingspan ranges between 30–35mm. Like others in the Nymphalidae family their front two legs are small and unused effectively making them four-legged.
 The North High Street Historic District is a historic district encompassing part of the downtown area of Holyoke Massachusetts. When first added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 the district encompassed North High Street between Dwight and Lyman Streets. This part of High Street was built between 1850 and 1885 and is lined with masonry buildings in Italianate and Second Empire styles.
 Lower Dzongu Forest Block is a village in Mangan subdivision North Sikkim district Sikkim India. The Ministry of Home Affairs has given it a geographical code of 260909.
 Taktser or Tengster (Tibetan: སྟག་འཚེར། ZYPY: Dagcêr Place on the Heights; Chinese: 红崖) is a village in the Western Chinese province of Qinghai (or the Tibetan cultural region of Amdo). Taktser was originally an area of pasture land for the larger village of Balangtsa about two hours walk away in the valley. Cattle were brought to feed on the fertile grazing lands in summer which caused them to give very rich milk.
 The Fort Harrison Hotel serves as the flagship building of the Flag Land Base the Church of Scientology's spiritual headquarters in Clearwater Florida. It is owned and operated by the Church of Scientology Flag Service Organization Inc. a subsidiary of the Church of Scientology International.The hotel has 11 stories and features 220 rooms three restaurants a swimming pool and a ballroom. The building is connected by a skywalk to the Flag Building.
 El Diario is a newspaper of Bolivia published in La Paz. Founded in 1904 it is Bolivia's oldest newspaper currently still published. The newspaper traditionally published a conservative position in line with its founders the Carrasco family one of La Paz's most influential families of the 20th century.
 Uncut magazine trademarked as UNCUT is a monthly publication based in London. It is available across the English-speaking world and focuses on music but also includes film and books sections. A DVD magazine under the Uncut brand was published quarterly from 2005 to 2006.
 Rebeka Katalin Szabó (born November 20 1977) is a Hungarian biologist ecologist and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Politics Can Be Different (LMP) National List since 2010.She was a founding member of the LMP party between 2009 and 2013. She was elected to the National Assembly from the party's National List during the Hungarian parliamentary election 2010. She had been a member of the Committee on Agriculture between May 14 2010 and February 11 2013.
 Dolerothera are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 The Unconscious God is a book written by Dr. Viktor E. Frankl the Vienesse psychiatrist and founder of Logotherapy. The book was the subject of his dissertation for a Ph.D. in philosophy in 1948.The Unconscious God is an examination of the relation of psychology and religion.
 The Last Season: A Team in Search of Its Soul is a book by the former American basketball coach Phil Jackson originally published by the Penguin Press in 2004. The book deals with the ups and downs of the Los Angeles Lakers' 2003-04 season and offers Jackson's insight into the team's season that ended in a breakup but not a championship despite boasting four potential future Hall of Famers: Shaquille O'Neal Kobe Bryant Karl Malone and Gary Payton.
 Herman Simon House is a historic home located at Easton Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1902 and is an Indiana limestone dwelling on a granite base in the French Chateau style. It features a four story semi-circular bay tower and a projecting porch. The rectangular building measures 24 feet wide and 120 feet deep. The building has housed the Easton YWCA since 1930.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Nudo di donna (internationally released as Portrait of a Woman Nude and Portrait of a Nude Woman) is a 1981 Italian mystery - comedy film. It is the third and last film directed by Nino Manfredi that replaced Alberto Lattuada who left the direction due to some disagreements with the same Manfredi after a few weeks of shooting.
 The Pequop Mountains are located in eastern Elko County in northeastern Nevada in the western United States. The range runs generally north-south for approximately 51 miles (82 km). The high point of the range is an unnamed peak (9249 feet 2819 m) located at 40°55.46'N and 114°35.38'W.The range comprises two distinct groups of mountains separated by a low line of hills at Flower Pass.
 Thomas Henry Jones OAM (born 2 March 1924 - died 26 March 2014) was a retired Australian politician and trade union leader. He served the Australian Labor Party as member for Collie from 1968 until his retirement in 1989.
 Tufal (Persian: طوفال‎ also Romanized as Ţūfāl; also known as Ţūfān) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 27 families.
 Nephilim (ネフィリム Nefirimu) is a shōjo manga by Anna Hanamaki. It was serialized in Nemurenu Yoru no Kimyō na Hanashi from 2004 to 2005 with the individual chapters published in two tankōbon volumes by Asahi Sonorama.It is licensed for an English language release in the United States by Aurora Publishing which began releasing the series in April 2008.
 Beyond the First Amendment: The Politics of Free Speech and Pluralism is a book about freedom of speech and the First Amendment to the United States Constitution written by author Samuel Peter Nelson. It was published by Johns Hopkins University Press in 2005. In it Nelson discusses how the more general notion of free speech differs from that specifically applied to the First Amendment in American law.The book was positively received in reviews from academic and legal journals.
 Gábor Riz (born March 5 1956) is a Hungarian educator and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Ózd (Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County Constituency V) since 2010.Riz is a member of the Economic and Information Technology Committee since May 14 2010 and Committee on Education Science and Research since September 30 2013.
 Wasana is a 1976 Sinhalese language romance film directed that follows the lives of middle-class people in Sri Lanka. The film stars Geetha Kumarasinghe Vijaya Kumaranatunga and Malini Fonseka made notable roles. Also this film was the cinema debut of popular Sri Lankan film actress Geetha Kumarasinghe.
 Nowe Lignowy [ˈnɔvɛ liɡˈnɔvɨ] (German: Neu Liebenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Kwidzyn and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1920 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Noor Alam Chowdhury is an Indian politician and the present Minister for Animal Resources Development in the Government of West Bengal. He is also an MLA elected from the Murarai constituency in the West Bengal state assembly election 2011.
 Zalmon Richards House was a home of Zalmon Richards founder of the National Education Association.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
 Christopher D. Broadwater known as Chris Broadwater (born March 1972) is an attorney in Baton Rouge Louisiana who is a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 86 which encompasses within Tangipahoa Parish the communities of Independence Tickfaw Natalbany and northwestern Hammond Broadwater's own city of residence. Broadwater won the seat in a low-turnout general election held on November 19 2011.
 Lamini (members are called lamoids) is a tribe of the subfamily Camelinae. It contains two genera and four species all exclusively from South America: llamas alpacas vicuñas and guanacos. The former two are domesticated species while the latter two are only found in the wild. All lack sexual dimorphism. The four species can interbreed and produce fertile offspring.The digestive system of lamoids allows them to digest certain toxins. Laminoids also lack a gallbladder.
 Alvania is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoidae.
 The Viștea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Viştea Mare and Viştişoara
 Not to be confused with Roger Nash Baldwin 20th Century founder of the American Civil Liberties Union.Roger Sherman Baldwin (January 4 1793 – February 19 1863) was an American lawyer involved in the Amistad case who later became the 32nd Governor of Connecticut and a United States Senator.
 Fesun (Persian: فسون‎ also Romanized as Fesūn Fasoon Fasūn and Fosūn) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 10 families.
 Archbold's Nightjar (Eurostopodus archboldi) also known as the Mountain Eared-nightjar is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is named after American explorer Richard Archbold.
 A Million Lights is the third studio album by British recording artist Cheryl Cole released on 15 June 2012 through Fascination Records. The album was recorded in 2011 and 2012. As the executive producer of the album Cole enlisted a variety of producers such as Alex da Kid Calvin Harris will.i.am Pantha Agent X HyGrade Dada Life Jim Beanz Taio Cruz Mathias Wollo The Beamer Boyz Billy Wes Electric Bibi Jones and Dave Munday.
 Copadichromis pleurostigma is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is found in Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania. Its natural habitat is intermittent freshwater lakes.
 Sharafabad-e Pain (Persian: شرف ابادپايين‎ also Romanized as Sharafābād-e Pā'īn) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 8 families.
 Ann Chiang Lai-wan JP (Chinese: 蔣麗芸 born 16 May 1955) is the chairman of C&L Holdings and a member of Hong Kong Legislative Council. She is the second daughter of Chiang Chen a Hong Kong pro-Beijing entrepreneur.
 Androscoggin Mill Block is an historic block at 269-271 Park Street in Lewiston Maine.The Greek Revival/Italianate block was built in 1866 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Magia is a 2002 album by the Dominican rock band Toque Profundo and their fourth. The album was independently released and funded by the band. Toque Profundo produced a rock re-make of Tabaco Y Ron popularized in Merengue by Fernando Villalona and written by Roldofo Aicardi originally to be released in compilation album Rockero Hasta La Tambora
 Farrokhabad (Persian: فرخ اباد‎ also Romanized as Farrokhābād) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 9 families.
 Boncheleh (Persian: بنچله‎) is a village in Quri Qaleh Rural District Shahu District Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 570 in 115 families.
 Venduruthy is a small island in Kochi India. It is now a part of the greater Willingdon Island. The isolated island is approachable only from the Ernakulam backwater channel.
 Alfred Croisetière (born July 21 1922) was a Canadian politician and a two-term Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.
 Waking Dream is a young adult novel by Rhiannon Lassiter first published in 2002. It is a dark fantasy about magic dreams and another world.
 The Edmund Ruffin Plantation also known as Marlbourne was built in 1823 and purchased by Ruffin in 1843. It was the home of Edmund Ruffin a pioneer in agricultural improvements and publisher of an agricultural journal named the Farmer's Register and later a secessionist fire-eater who fired one of the first shots at Fort Sumter in 1861.
 The Inner Reaches of Outer Space was the last book completed by mythologist Joseph Campbell before his death in 1987. In it he explores the intersections of art psychology and religion and discusses the ways in which new myths are born.
 Philosophical Writings is a postgraduate academic journal pf philosophy published by the philosophy department of Durham University. It publishes articles by advanced postgraduates and new academics. The journal is published in printed form only and is indexed in The Philosopher's Index.
 Sobrenatural is the thirty-second album released by Christian singer Marcos Witt. The album was recorded live from Bogotá Colombia.
 Morla is a 16 km long river in province of Bergamo. Its source is located in Maresana in the municipality of Ponteranica then Morla crosses the city of Bergamo after Bergamo part of its waters are used in agriculture. Morla wastes in Po Valley.
 The Big Fix is a 1978 film directed by Jeremy Kagan and based on the novel by Roger L. Simon who also wrote the screenplay. It starred Richard Dreyfuss as private detective Moses Wine and co-starred Susan Anspach and John Lithgow. The Big Fix had no relationship to the 1947 film or the 2012 film of the same name.
 The Clash: Westway to the World is a 2000 documentary film about the British punk rock band The Clash.
 Contact the 3rd album from the new wave band Platinum Blonde was released in 1987. Canadian sales of Alien Shores and Contact exceeded 100000 copies.The album featured a blistering rendition of the Ohio Players classic Fire as the third single.
 Gyan Singh Sohanpal is an Indian politician affiliated with the Indian National Congress and the current Speaker of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly. He was sworn in as the speaker by Governor M. K. Narayanan on May 18 2011. He is affectionately known as Chacha (Uncle in English) in his constituency of Kharagpur Sadar. At 86 he is the most senior Member of the Legislative Assembly of West Bengal.
 Phillip G. Steck (born July 8 1959) is a Democratic member of the New York State Assembly representing Assembly District 110 which comprises the eastern tip of Schenectady and northeastern tip of Albany County.
 Chrzanówek [xʂaˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Opinogóra Górna 3 km (2 mi) north-east of Ciechanów and 77 km (48 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 140.
 Nowy Browiniec [ˈnɔvɨ brɔˈviɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Lubrza 12 km (7 mi) east of Prudnik and 39 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Jiang Zemin (born 17 August 1926) is a retired Chinese politician who served as General Secretary of the Communist Party of China from 1989 to 2002 as President of the People's Republic of China from 1993 to 2003 and as Chairman of the Central Military Commission from 1989 to 2004.
 Bednary-Wieś [bɛdˈnarɨ ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.The village has a population of 1000.
 Picture Book of a Beautiful Young Girl: Soaked Uniform (美少女図鑑　汚された制服 Bishōjozukan: abusareta seifuku) aka Omoide ga ippai: Eighteen Blues (思い出がいっぱい -EIGHTEEN BLUES-) is a 2004 Japanese pink film directed by Tetsuya Takehora. It won the Best Film 9th Place award at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and Takehora was given the Best New Director award for this film.
 Jagarnathpur Sira is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4328 people living in 695 individual households.
 Paraclinus naeorhegmis the Surf blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Bahamas where it occurs in eroded limestone shorelines. This species can reach a length of 2.7 centimetres (1.1 in) TL.
 Orthocomotis olivata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The University of Oregon Museum of Natural and Cultural History commonly known as the UO Natural History Museum is an American natural history museum at the University of Oregon in Eugene. Located near historic Hayward Field on the east side of the UO campus it is the largest natural history museum between Seattle and San Francisco and a center for archaeological and paleontological research in the Pacific Northwest and the wider world.
 Courtney Combs is a Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives representing the 54th District since his appointment in 2004. He is the Chairman of the House Criminal Justice Committee.
 The Big Sioux River is a tributary of the Missouri River 419 miles (674 km) long in eastern South Dakota and northwestern Iowa in the United States.
 Petrijevo is a village in the municipality of Smederevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1093 people.
 Tribes of Redwall Otters was published in 2002 as an accessory to the Redwall series by Brian Jacques.
 Daybreak is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Albert Capellani. The film is considered to be lost.
 Grabanina [ɡrabaˈnina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Żmigród within Jasło County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.The village has a population of 150.
 Columbine is the debut studio album by Danish singer-songwriter Aura Dione. It was released on January 28 2008 in Denmark by Music for Dreams and on November 27 2009 in Germany by Island Records. The German edition includes the #1 single I Will Love You Monday (365) Stay the Same and Lulla Goodbye which did not feature on the original Danish release. A Video was shoot for the song Glass Bone Crash.
 Radio 1's Live Lounge is a collection of live tracks played on Jo Whiley's Radio 1 show. It consists of both covers and the bands' own songs. Originally it was scheduled for release in May 2006 but later changed to be released on 16 October 2006.
 Cetopsidium is a genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Cetopsidae.
 Cerithidium liratum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Gulvand (Persian: گولوند‎ also Romanized as Gūlvand and Goolvand; also known as Golband Golvandeh Gulband and Gūlbeh) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 22 families.
 Daniel Steckel House is a historic home located at Bath Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1803 and is a 2 1/2 story Federal style limestone dwelling. It has an early-19th century brick addition housing a bake oven and a frame addition built between 1885 and 1918. It features two end-wall brick chimneys and more than 85-percent of the interior fabric remains intact. It was built as a showplace for the developing settlement of Bath.
 Ricky Carandang - is a Filipino News Anchor of ABS-CBN and ANC correspondent. On July 9 2010 He resigned in ABS-CBN to become a part of the communications team of President Benigno Aquino III. He serves as Communications Secretary under the Presidential Communications Group (Philippines)
 Haring-Vervalen House is located in Norwood Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1757 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 All Saints Church is the parish church for Leamington Spa town centre England.
 The Punisher (also known as The Punisher: Welcome Back Frank) is a twelve-issue comic book limited series written by Garth Ennis with art by Steve Dillon and published under the Marvel Knights imprint of Marvel Comics. The series features the vigilante anti-hero the Punisher and ran from April 2000 to March 2001.
 Feel My Mind is the third studio album released by Japanese pop singer Koda Kumi released on February 2004.
 Ziddi (English: Stubborn) is a 1948 Hindi film directed by Shaheed Latif. It was based on a story by Ismat Chughtai and launched the career of Dev Anand as the lead hero. The film helped establish its stars Dev Anand Kamini Kaushal and Pran in Hindi films. The playback singers - Kishore Kumar and Lata Mangeshkar recorded their first duet - Ye Kaun Aya Re together in this 1948 film Ziddi.
 M. J. Nolan (born 25 January 1951) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Carlow–Kilkenny constituency from 1982 to 1997 and 2002 to 2011.Nolan was born in Muine Bheag County Carlow and educated at De La Salle school Muine Bheag and Mount St. Joseph's in Roscrea County Tipperary. He first held political office in 1973 when he became a member of Muine Bheag Town Council a position which he held until 1985.
 Pic Long (3192 m) is the highest mountain in the Néouvielle massif in the Pyrenees.It is located in the commune of Saint-Lary-Soulan within the department of the Hautes-Pyrénées.
 The Svrljiški Timok (Cyrillic: Сврљишки Тимок) is a river in Serbia headwater of the Beli Timok. It rises north of the Mountains of Svrljig near the village of Šesti Gabar at elevation 1078 m and flows to the west curving around the northern slopes of the Mountains of Svrljig.
 Bachelor's Hope is a historic house in Centreville Maryland. Built between 1798 and 1815 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The East African spiny-tailed lizard (Cordylus tropidosternum common name: dwarf sungazer) also known as the tropical girdled lizard is an arboreal or rupicolous (rock-dwelling) lizard found in dry forests of East Africa. They range from the southern coast of Kenya to eastern Zimbabwe and central Mozambique. It is a diurnal. They lay down fat reserves in preparation for the dry season.
 Because Her Beauty Is Raw and Wild is an album by Jonathan Richman released in 2008 on Vapor Records.
 Thomas J. Pickard (born January 6 1950) was an acting Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for 71 days in the summer of 2001 following the tenure of Director Louis Freeh. He was replaced one week before the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center towers and the Pentagon. Born in Woodside Queens New York. He graduated from Saint Francis College in Brooklyn with a BBA in accounting and subsequently received his MBA in taxation from St. John's University in Jamaica Queens.
 Gierczyce [ɡʲɛrˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bochnia and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Stalachtis phlegia is a species of butterfly of the Riodinidae family. It is found in South America.
 The Suruí River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Jerry Sonnenberg (born May 1958) is a legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado. Elected to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Republican in 2006 Sonnenberg represents House District 65 which covers much of northeasten Colorado including Sedgwick Phillips Logan and rural Weld counties.
 It's a Beautiful Day (クソすばらしいこの世界) is a 2013 Japanese-American horror film directed by Kayoko Asakura. It stars Kim Kkot-bi. It is the debut film by Kayoko Asakura and had its premiere at the Yubari Film Festival in 2013. The film is set in California where A-jung (Kim Kkot-bi) is picked up by her Japanese friend Takako (Amagi Chika). They visit Takako's friends who treat A-jung poorly. That night around a campfire mysterious supernatural events begin to happen involving Takako's friends.
 Rock 'til You Drop is the twentieth studio album by English rock band Status Quo.
 Copycat is a 1995 American psychological thriller starring Sigourney Weaver Holly Hunter and Dermot Mulroney. The film was directed by Jon Amiel with a score composed by Christopher Young.
 Bergdoll House is a historic home located in the Spring Garden neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted architect James H. Windrim and built in 1886. It is in a Beaux Arts / Italianate-style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Nemuroglanis is a genus of three-barbeled catfishes native to tropical Central and South America.
 Kilala Princess (Disney's きらら☆プリンセス Dizunii Kirara Purinsesu) is a shōjo fantasy romance and adventure manga series written by Rika Tanaka and illustrated by Nao Kodaka. The first 15 chapters were serialized by Kōdansha in the monthly manga magazine Nakayoshi while the last 8 chapters were serialized in the quarterly Nakayoshi Lovely. It was later collected in five bound volumes (volumes 1–3 containing the Nakayoshi chapters and volumes 4–5 containing the Nakayoshi Lovely chapters).
 Marvel Fanfare is the title of two comic book series published by Marvel Comics. Both versions of Marvel Fanfare were anthology showcase titles featuring a variety of characters from the Marvel universe.
 Long Live KOKO is the debut EP by Pacific Air.
 Macrosoma cascaria is moth-like butterfly described by William Schaus in 1901. It belongs to the Hedylidae family.
 Bahçesultan is a village in the District of Pazaryeri Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 83 people.
 The Șandru River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Mogharrab-e Do (Persian: مغرب 2‎; also known as Maghreb Mogharrab Moqarreb Moqarreb-e and Qaryeh-ye Moqarreb) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 31 families.
 Tone was a bi-monthly magazine combining coverage of technological developments in New Zealand and from around the world with reviews on the latest consumer products available in New Zealand. It was Parkside Media's third magazine following NZ Classic Car and NZ Performance Car. Until issue 32 Tone was bi-monthly. A change was made to monthly but as of issue 73 (November/December 2008) it returned to bi-monthly.Tone's offices are in Grey Lynn Auckland New Zealand.
 Beacon Hill formerly known as Chocolate Drop Mountain is the tallest summit of a range of granite hills surrounding and running northeastward from Lake Norconian at the extreme northwest of the Temescal Mountains in Norco California.Rex Clark owner of the Norconian Resort sought to draw attention to his resort by building a 38-feet tall lighthouse with a powerful revolving light atop the hill.
 Beyond the Sea is the fifth full-length album by Spanish neo-classical metal band Dark Moor.Recorded during Summer 2004 it was released in early 2005. It is the band's first record to feature new bassist Dani Fernandez. The song Beyond the Sea was featured on a compilation in the memory of producer Big Simon.
 Dodge Reservoir located in Lassen County was created in 1937 by the owners of the Dodge Ranch. It covers an area of 491 acres (199 ha) among Great Basin high-desert sagebrush (Artemisia tridentata) and California Juniper. The surrounding habitat is Sagebrush steppe and is part of the Northern Basin and Range ecoregion. The Dodge Ranch continues to hold the title to the water rights of the reservoir.
 Jane Lubchenco (born December 4 1947) is an American environmental scientist and marine ecologist who teaches and does research at Oregon State University. Her research interests include interactions between the environment and human well-being biodiversity climate change and sustainable use of oceans and the planet.
 Roger Dearborn Lapham (December 6 1883 – April 16 1966) was a shipowner and businessman who served as the 32nd mayor of San Francisco from 1944 to 1948.
 Charles-André Hamelin (20 April 1947 – 29 July 1993) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a businessman and journalist by career.He won election in the riding of Charlevoix in the 1984 federal election and thus served in the 33rd Canadian Parliament.In the 1988 federal election Hamelin campaigned at the Laurier—Sainte-Marie riding but was defeated by Jean-Claude Malépart of the Liberal party.
 William de Chesney (flourished 1142–1161) was an Anglo-Norman magnate during the reign of King Stephen of England (reigned 1135–1154) and King Henry II of England (reigned 1154–1189). Chesney was part of a large family; one of his brothers became Bishop of Lincoln and another Abbot of Evesham Abbey. Stephen may have named him Sheriff of Oxfordshire.
 Dr. László Karakó (born March 27 1955) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Tiszavasvári (Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County Constituency III) since 2010. Formerly he also served as Member of Parliament for Tiszavasvári between 2002 and 2006. Karakó was the Chairman of the Council then Mayor of Gávavencsellő from 1988 to 2010.
 Witosławice [vitɔswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 Lifeforce is a 1985 science fiction film directed by Tobe Hooper and written by Dan O'Bannon and Don Jakoby based on Colin Wilson's 1976 novel The Space Vampires.
 Symmimetis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Warla is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 2469 living in 449 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 3140 of which 32% was literate.
 Lock Out is the title of a 1973 full-length film by Spanish artist and director Antoni Padrós.The recently restored film is an allegory of political oppression under Franco with a plot alternating between narrative sequences and dream-like moments styled after the Spanish avant garde.
 Livsejávrre is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of the village of Mørsvikbotn and about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) west of the border with Sweden. The ending -jávrre is the Lule Sami language word for lake.
 Andrew S. Natsios (born September 22 1949) is an American public servant who has served in a number of Massachusetts and high level federal government positions. Most notably he has served as Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) U.S. Special Envoy to Sudan and Vice President of World Vision. Currently Natsios teaches as Executive Professor at the The Bush School of Government and Public Service.
 The Capitol Lofts is a building located at 711 Main Street in downtown Houston Texas. Constructed in 1908 the building was originally used for office space and was converted to residential lofts in the 1990s. The building was the tallest building in Houston and Texas until being surpassed by the Praetorian Building in Dallas Texas as the tallest building in Texas in 1909. It remained the tallest in Houston until 1915 when surpassed by the Texas Company Annex.Designed by architect Alfred C.
 Kenneth V. Ken Georgetti CM OBC (born 1952 in Trail British Columbia) is a Canadian labour union leader. He was elected president of the Canadian Labour Congress in May 1999.
 Ciliopagurus macrolepis is a species of hermit crab native to Indonesia.
 The La Crosse Tribune is a newspaper published in La Crosse Wisconsin covering the tri-state area of Wisconsin Iowa and Minnesota in the USA.
 Zaręby-Kromki [zaˈrɛmbɨ ˈkrɔmki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Red House is an historic house at 2403 Post Road in South Kingstown Rhode Island.The house was built in 1732 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Spiders 3D is a 3D thriller film directed by Tibor Takács. The film was released on February 8 2013.
 The Diseased and the Poisoned is the second album by deathcore band Carnifex. It was made in 2008 and was released on June 24 of the same year. The song Adornment of the Sickened was released as Carnifex's first single.
 Kuhbach (Itter) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 A Tale of Sorrow and Sadness (悲愁物語 Hishū monogatari) is a 1977 Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki.
 The Anime Encyclopedia: A Guide to Japanese Animation Since 1917 is a 2001 encyclopedia written by Jonathan Clements and Helen McCarthy. It was published in 2001 by Stone Bridge Press in the United States and a revised and expanded edition was released in 2006. In the United Kingdom it was published by Titan Books. It gives an overview of most of the famous anime works since 1917.
 Never Mind the Breeze Blocks is the second album by the Bob the Builder character from the BBC television series of the same name. It was released in 2008 by Universal Music and spawned one single Big Fish Little Fish. Many of the songs are parodies of popular songs such as Working in Sunshine is Katrina and the Waves' Walking on Sunshine. The album title itself is a parody of the Sex Pistols' 1977 album Never Mind The Bollocks.
 All Pigs Must Die is an album by Death In June released in 2001. The first half of the album bears the typical later-Death In June Neofolk sound whereas the second half of the album has a much more chaotic experimental sound to it.
 To Travel Sideways is the tenth studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts. It was the first of two albums released by the group in 1995.
 Armory Park Historic Residential District is a historic district in Tucson Arizona. It was listed on the NRHP in 1976 and the district boundaries were increased in 1996.
 Geina is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Deception: Betraying the Peace Process is a book published in 2011 by the Israel-based media watchdog group Palestinian Media Watch that analyses a year of cultural educational and general media resources within the Palestinian Authority (PA) beginning in May 2010 the month that indirect Israeli-Palestinian talks were initiated by the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama.
 Rock Lawn is a historic house in Garrison New York United States. It was built in the mid-19th century from a design by architect Richard Upjohn. In 1982 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places along with its carriage house designed by Stanford White and built around 1880.It is Upjohn's only house in the Italian villa style in the Hudson Highlands.
 Nowe Zasady [ˈnɔvɛ zaˈsadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 The Alum Creek Lake reservoir was built in 1974 covers 5 sq mi (13 km2) and has a maximum capacity of 134815 acre feet (166292000 m3).
 The Man I Love is a 1929 part-talking sound film from Paramount Pictures produced in parallel silent and sound versions. This film survives in a copy sold to television.
 Monserrate (after Catalan homonym mountain Montserrat) is a mountain that dominates the city center of Bogotá the capital city of Colombia. It rises to 3152 metres (10341 ft) above the sea level where there is a church (built in the 17th century) with a shrine devoted to El Señor Caído (Fallen Lord).The hill is a pilgrim destination as well as a tourist attraction. In addition to the church the summit contains restaurants cafeteria souvenir shops and many smaller tourist facilities.
 Berberia lambessanus (Staudinger 1901) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is endemic to the North African region mainly Morocco Algeria and Tunisia. It flies in the vast steppes but has a preference for slopes and the males are easily seen flying in search of a shy female. Usually females are fertilised as soon as they hatch. The range of Berberia lambessanus overlaps with that of B. abdelkader
 Avijan (Persian: اويجان‎ also Romanized as Āvījān; also known as Āb Jūb) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District Qohestan District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 50 families.
 Snafu 10-31-'91 is the second live album by The Radiators and their sixth album overall.
 Clinical Case Studies is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of psychotherapy including individual couples and family therapy. The editor-in-chief is Daniel L. Segal (University of Colorado). It was established in 2002 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Lucie Papineau (born November 19 1946 in Laval-des-Rapides Quebec) is a former Canadian politician who represented the riding of Prévost in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1997 to 2007. She was a member of the Parti Québécois.She was elected to the National Assembly in a 1997 by-election following the resignation of Daniel Paillé. She served until the 2007 election when she was defeated by Martin Camirand of the ADQ.
 The Anabar River (Russian: Анабар) is a river in Sakha Russia located just west of the Lena River. Its catchment extends into the Putoran Mountains that form the highest part of the Central Siberian Plateau.Its mean annual discharge is approximately 500 cubic metres per second concentrated heavily in early summer when the ice that covers the river for most of the year thaws.
 Dean T. Prosser Jr. (May 10 1917 - September 24 2007) was a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives from 1971–1983 who authored major environmental legislation to preserve the Wyoming landscape. Prosser was also the executive secretary and then the executive vice-president of the influential Wyoming Stockgrowers Association from 1963-1984. He worked thereafter with the National Cattleman's Association to establish the existing cattle import quota law.
 Great Ditch is a drainage ditch that drains areas of the Pigeon Swamp State Park in New Jersey in the United States.
 Eupoecilia inouei is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Guizhou Hebei Henan Hunan Jiangxi Jilin Ningxia Shaanxi Shanxi) Japan Korea and Russia.The wingspan is 13–16 mm.
 Lake Parker is a lake located on the northeast side of the city of Lakeland Florida. It is the largest lake in the city of Lakeland. The lake is relatively shallow with an average depth of 5 feet (1.5 m). The lake has inflow from several lakes in Lakeland including Lake Mirror and Bonny Lake. Lake Parker outflows to both Saddle Creek and the Peace River making the lake important for ecological reasons. To control hydrilla various pesticides are utilized.
 The Hilton Leeds Arena known in early planning as the Portland Crescent Hotel is a 15 storey four-star 206-bedroom Hilton hotel. Currently under construction in Leeds's Civic Quarter it is expected to open in 2015. Designed by Architects Dexter Moren Associates for developer GB Group the building is to match the nearby Civic Hall and will be clad entirely in natural limestone and Portland stone.
 A Tear for the Ghetto is the second album released by the hip-hop duo Group Home. Released June 1 1999 on Replay Records the album featured one hit single Make It In Life which made to #16 on the Hot Rap Singles and production by The Alchemist Agallah Guru DJ Premier and group member Lil' Dap.
 Melanonaclia nigra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Griveaud in 1964. It is found in Madagascar.
 Kobylniki [kɔbɨlˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrzycko within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Obrzycko 8 km (5 mi) north of Szamotuły and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Brian Stanley (born January 1961) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Laois–Offaly constituency at the 2011 general election after the 7th count. He serves as Sinn Féin's Spokesperson on Environment Community and Local Government. He had contested the seat unsuccessfully at the 2002 and 2007 general elections.Stanley was elected at the 1999 local elections as a member of Port Laoise Town Council and was re-elected in 2004 and in 2009.
 Zeitgeist: Moving Forward is the third installment in Peter Joseph's Zeitgeist film trilogy. The film was launched for free on the internet starting January 26 2011. As of August 2013 the film has over 21 million views on YouTube.
 Move Under Ground is a horror novel mashup by Nick Mamatas which combines the Beat style of Jack Kerouac with the cosmic horror of H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos. It was recently made available as a free download via a Creative Commons license at the book's website.
 Realms of Fantasy was a professional bimonthly fantasy speculative fiction magazine published by Damnation Books which specializes in fantasy nonfiction and art. The magazine publishes short stories by some of the genre's most popular and most prominent authors.
 Captain Prabhakaran is a 1991 Tamil action film directed by R. K. Selvamani. It features Vijayakanth in the lead role. It also features Mansoor Ali Khan Rupini and Ramya Krishnan while R. Sarathkumar appears in a small role. It was Vijayakanth's 100th film afterwhich he earned the nickname captain. The character of the antagonist Veerabhadran played by Mansoor Ali Khan is loosely based on the forest brigand Veerappan. The film was a commercial success in South India upon its release.
 Kalateh-ye Jomeh (Persian: كلاته جمعه‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Jom‘eh) is a village in Sahra Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 24 families.
 The FairTax Book is a non-fiction book by libertarian radio talk show host Neal Boortz and Congressman John Linder published on August 2 2005 as a tool to increase public support and understanding for the FairTax plan. Released by ReganBooks the hardcover version held the #1 spot on the New York Times Best Seller list for the last two weeks of August 2005 and remained in the top ten for seven weeks.
 Kastenkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Stinson Memorial Library is a public library located at 409 S. Main St. in Anna Illinois. The library was designed by Walter Burley Griffin in 1913 and constructed in 1913-14. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 9 1978.
 Deep Forest is an album by Do As Infinity which was released in 2001.
 Xyridacma ustaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is native to New Zealand.
 Spongia is a genus of marine sponges in the family Spongiidae originally described by Linnaeus in 1759 containing more than 50 species. Some species including Spongia officinalis are used as cleaning tools but have mostly been replaced in that use by synthetic or plant material.
 Loch Ness is a 1996 family drama film starring Ted Danson and Joely Richardson. It was written by John Fusco and directed by Jon Henderson.
 Forbidden Creatures: Inside the World of Animal Smuggling and Exotic Pets is a 2010 book by Doctor of Philosophy Peter Laufer. It is the second book in his untitled animal trilogy following The Dangerous World of Butterflies in 2009 and preceding No Animals Were Harmed in 2011. The book explores the lives of those that either own exotic animals or have been captured for illegally smuggling them with a strong focus on Travis the chimpanzee who attacked Charla Nash in 2009.
 The Tarnița River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Roseanna is a 1993 Swedish police film about Martin Beck directed by Daniel Alfredson based on the novel Roseanna (1965).
 The Valdosta Daily Times is a daily newspaper published in Valdosta Georgia. It is the highest-circulation property operated by South Georgia Media Group a division of Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. CNHI acquired the paper in 2000 from Thomson.
 Before the Mountain Was Moved is a 1970 American documentary film produced by Robert K. Sharpe. The film portrays the struggle by the inhabitants of Raleigh County West Virginia to preserve their land from the ravages of strip mining and their efforts to pass state legislation to this end. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Beyond the Edge is a 2013 New Zealand 3D docudrama about Sir Edmund Hillary's historical ascent of Mount Everest in 1953. As well as featuring dramatised recreations shot on location on Everest and in New Zealand the film includes original footage and photographs from what was then the ninth British expedition to the mountain.The film premiered at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival on 6 September 2013 where it won positive reviews from fans and film critics.
 Larry Hicks is a Republican member of the Wyoming Senate representing the 11th district since 2011. The 11th district includes Albany and Carbon Counties.
 Zosimo Jesus Jess Paredes II is a former Filipino government official. He was the former head of Presidential Commission on the Visiting Forces Agreement (VFACom) later on resigned at the height of the Philippine government's perceived protection of convicted American rapist Lance Corp. Daniel Smith after the latter's transfer of detention from the Makati City jail to the United States Embassy compound.
 Caloptilia alnicolella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Quebec and the United States (Colorado and Maine).The larvae feed on Alnus species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a small tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf. Later the tip of a leaf is rolled downward.
 Sorpe (Lenne) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Iniquity Bloody Iniquity is a compilation album and the final release by Danish death metal band Iniquity released in 2003 before disbanding in 2004. The first three tracks and track 13 and 14 on this album were previously unreleased on CD.A 20-page booklet also came with the album it contains photos of the band a complete discography (including demos) with pictures of each album and there is a quote from a band member or friend on every page.
 Ramanujan is an upcoming biographical film based on the life of renowned Indian mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan. The film has been shot back to back in Tamil and English languages. Ramanujan has been produced by the independent Indian production house Camphor Cinema. Gnana Rajasekaran directed and also penned the screenplay for the film.The cast consists of South Indian and British film stage and screen personalities.
 Pink in the Middle is the second and final album of the Las Vegas soul music band Home Cookin' featuring thirteen tracks. X-Rated Superstar Remix appeared in the film An American Vampire Story. Home Cookin' was voted Best Local Band and their albums were voted Best Local CD several times by Las Vegas audiophiles. The band intended to write an anthem for Las Vegas with City of Sin.
 William L. Vary House is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County New York. It is was built in 1885 and is a 2 1⁄2-story Queen Anne–style frame dwelling. The plan consists of an irregular massing of rectangular forms with a profusion of projecting bays cross gables porches and oriels.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Stepping Stones is a Greatest Hits package released by Australian artist Wendy Matthews in 1999. The album features all of Matthews singles since 1989. A DVD collection featuring all the music videos was also released.
 Lucien Caron (February 10 1929 – September 29 2003) was a Canadian politician. He was a Liberal member of the National Assembly of Quebec from 1970 to 1985 representing the riding of Verdun.He was a city councillor in Verdun Quebec (today part of Montreal) from 1966 to 1977 and mayor from 1977 to 1985. He was first elected to the National Assembly in the 1970 Quebec general election and was re-elected in 1973 1976 and 1981.
 Notre Voie (formerly known as La Voie) is an Ivorian newspaper founded in 1991. Its reporters have been the subject of several high-profile criminal trials and its editor Freedom Neruda was named a World Press Freedom Hero for his work with the paper.
 Rajah Sir Muttaiya Annamalai Muthiah Chettiar (Tamil: முத்தையா அண்ணாமலை முத்தையா செட்டியார்) (August 5 1905 – May 12 1984) was a banker educationist philanthropist and a short time politician from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. He was the first Mayor of Chennai. His father Rajah Sir Annamalai Chettiar was also a famous educationist and along with him he found the Annamalai University in the town of Chidambaram in Tamil Nadu.
 The Big Darby Creek is a river located in northwestern central Ohio and an important tributary to the Lower Scioto River. The river's major tributary is the Little Darby Creek.The river runs 84 miles (135 km) from its source near the Champaign-Union county line then runs south-east through Union and Madison Counties. In Franklin County the river runs through the 6856-acre Battelle Darby Creek Metro Park where it meets with the Little Darby Creek.
 Vinnukum Mannukum (English: For Space For Land) is a 2001 Tamil language movie directed by the Tamil Director Rajakumaran. It stars Vikram Sarath Kumar Devayani and Kushboo in the lead roles. It flopped miserably at the box-office.
 16 Collyer Quay formerly Hitachi Tower is a 37-storey 166 m (545 ft) skyscraper in the central business district of Singapore. It is located on 16 Collyer Quay in the zone of Raffles Place near Chevron House Change Alley Tung Centre and The Arcade all of which are roughly 100 metres away. Facing Clifford Pier the building commands a panoramic view of Marina Bay.
 The Caveman (aka:The Cave Man)is a 1926 silent film comedy produced and distributed by the Warner Brothers. Lewis Milestone directed the Darryl Zanuck scripted story taken from the play The Cave Man by Gelett Burgess. Matt Moore Marie Prevost Hedda Hopper star. A small role is played by a young Myrna Loy just starting out in her long career. This picture survives in the Library of Congress.
 St. James Anglican Church is a church building of the Anglican Church of Canada located on the corner of East Cordova Street and Gore Street in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. The original building was completed in the spring of 1881 and was sponsored by Captain James Raymur the manager of Hastings Mill. This building burned down in the Great Vancouver Fire in 1886. The heat of the fire melted the church bell into a puddle that was eventually put on display at the Museum of Vancouver.
 Gerrit Count Schimmelpenninck (25 February 1794 in Amsterdam – 4 October 1863 in Arnhem) was a Dutch businessman and statesman whose views ranged from liberal to conservative.
 Qol Qoleh (Persian: قلقله‎; also known as Qol Qoleh-ye Reyjāb) is a village in Ban Zardeh Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 26 families.
 Becoming Julia is the fifth young adult novel by English writer Chris Westwood. It was first published in the UK by Viking in 1995 and became a runner-up in the Sheffield Children's Book Award (1996) and the Lancashire Children's Book Award (1996).
 Gary Doty (born 1948) is an American politician from Duluth Minnesota and a former mayor of that city.
 Lindbergh Viaduct is a historic concrete arch bridge located at Reading in Berks County Pennsylvania. It is a multiple span 866-foot-long (264 m) open-spandrel concrete arch bridge with 13 spans constructed in 1927. There are five main spans each 83-foot-long (25 m) and eight secondary spans. It crosses Mineral Spring Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Jolly What! England's Greatest Recording Stars: The Beatles and Frank Ifield on Stage is a 1964 compilation album released by Vee-Jay Records and featuring tracks by English rock band The Beatles and by the Australian-English easy listening and country singer Frank Ifield.Ifield toured the UK in 1963. While Vee-Jay Records temporarily had the US rights to a number of The Beatles' recordings they released Jolly What! on 26 February 1964.
 Tales of Us is the sixth studio album by English electronic music duo Goldfrapp released on 6 September 2013 by Mute Records. In June 2013 the duo embarked on the Tales of Us Tour to promote the album.
 Nama Pass (el. 5200 m (17100 ft)) is a Himalayan mountain pass located in eastern Kumaun region of the Pithoragarh District of Uttarakhand India.It links Kuthi and Darma Valley as crosses Nama and Kuthi villages. This was once a busy trade route to Tibet but is now rarely used.
 The Eaton School in Norridgewock Maine also known as Somerset Grange #18 was built in 1866. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Gorzków [ˈɡɔʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bochnia and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 450.
 Located in the western edge of Mercury's giant Caloris basin Kertész crater (named in 2008 for André Kertész a Hungarian-born American photographer) has some unusual bright material located on its floor. Sander crater located in the northwestern edge of Caloris basin also shows bright material on its floor. Just northeast of Kertész a small crater has very bright rays and ejecta indicating that the crater is young.
 The Agriocnemidinae are a subfamily of the Coenagrionidae family of damselflies. Damselflies in this subfamily are very small in size. The five genera contain 63 species.
 Charles Coffin Harris (1822–1881) was a New England lawyer who became a politician and judge in the Kingdom of Hawaii who firmly supported the monarchy as an independent nation. After serving in a number of cabinet posts he became chief justice of the supreme court.
 Star Trek Generations is a 1994 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures. Generations is the seventh feature film in the Star Trek franchise.
 Khosrowabad (Persian: خسرواباد‎ also Romanized as Khosrowābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Holcocera mortis is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica.
 1515 Poydras (formerly the Gulf Building) located at 1515 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 29-story 341-foot (104 m)-tall skyscraper.
 Lorenzo's Oil is a 1992 American drama film directed by George Miller. It is based on the true story of Augusto and Michaela Odone two parents in a relentless search for a cure for their son Lorenzo's adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD). The film was nominated for two Academy Awards. It was filmed primarily from September 1991 to February 1992 in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The film had a limited release in North America on December 30 1992 with a nationwide release two weeks later on January 15 1993.
 The Black Album is the first release by Boyd Rice. The album was pressed as a 12 vinyl playable at any speed. Originally released without a record label in 1977 it was reissued in 1981 on Mute Records.
 The Halloween Tree is a 1972 fantasy novel by American author Ray Bradbury which traces the history of Samhain and Halloween.
 The Charles H. Burke House at 36 Steward St. in Reno Nevada is a historic house with Colonial Revival and Queen Anne elements that was designed and built by Charles H. Burke in 1908.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It was deemed significant for its architecture and for its association with Charles H. Burke (1865–1944). Burke developed a subdivision termed the Burke's Addition and more in southeast Reno.
 The Richard T. Ely House is located in Madison Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Sydney Adventist Hospital commonly known as the San is a large private hospital in Sydney Australia located on Fox Valley Road in Wahroonga. Established on 1 January 1903 as a not-for-profit organisation it was originally named the Sydney Sanitarium from which its colloquial name was derived. The hospital is operated by the Seventh-day Adventist Church whose Australian headquarters are located in the immediate vicinity of the San.
 Proeulia approximata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile.
 The Lowland Brush Mouse (Pogonomelomys bruijni) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Red: The Dark Side is a 2007 Bollywood crime thriller film directed by Vikram Bhatt.
 Live at San Quentin is a 1990 live album by blues guitarist B. B. King performed at San Quentin State Prison in Marin County California.
 Ulley Reservoir is a reservoir located a few hundred metres to the west and downhill of the village of Ulley 4 miles (6.4 km) south of Rotherham South Yorkshire England. It is 2.5 miles (4.0 km) away from junction 33 of the M1 motorway.
 Stary Łajszczew [ˈstarɨ ˈwai̯ʂt͡ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Lespezi River is a tributary of the Cuca River in Romania.
 Crawfish Lake (48°28′55″N 119°12′57″W) is a small lake located 15 miles (24 km) northeast of Omak Washington. The lake has a surface area of 80 acres (32.37 ha) and is located at 4475 ft (1364 m) above sea level. The northeast portion of the lake borders the Okanogan National Forest and the south half is on the Colville Indian Reservation. Most of the property along the shoreline of the lake is privately owned with a US Forest Service campground occupying the northeast side of the lake.
 Donovan is a village in Beaver Township Iroquois County Illinois United States. The population was 351 at the 2000 census.
 À la poursuite du bonheur Tour - Live à Bercy sometimes abbreviated as ALPDBT is a live album by French singer M. Pokora and a surprising number one for any live album at the top of the SNEP French albums chart. The tour was based mostly on M.
 The Garraf Massif (Catalan: Massís del Garraf IPA: [məˈsiz ðəɫ ɣəˈraf]) is a mountain range of the Catalan Coastal Range Catalonia Spain. Its cliffs reach the Mediterranean waters. Its highest point on the coastal side is La Morella 593 metres above sea level and further inland rises the higher although less conspicuous Montau (657 m).
 Mitromica dicksoni is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Shilka (Russian: Ши́лка) is a river in Zabaykalsky Krai south-eastern Russia. It has a length of 560 km (350 mi). It originates as a confluence of the Onon and Ingoda rivers. Its confluence with the Ergune on the Russia-China border gives rise to the Amur River. The river is navigable for its entire length. The name derives from Evenki shilki 'narrow valley.'
 Parastegophilus is a genus of pencil catfishes native to South America.
 Rovdefjorden is a fjord (more precisely a strait) in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The fjord runs through the municipalities of Sande Herøy Vanylven Volda Ørsta and a tiny part of Ulstein. The eastern end of the fjord connects with the Vartdalsfjorden and Voldsfjorden and the western end of the fjord connects with the Hallefjorden. The Syvdsfjorden branches off the Rovdefjorden to the south.
 Drabek Peak (71°5′S 166°37′E) is a peak 2090 metres (6860 ft) high 6 nautical miles (11 km) north of Anare Pass and 9 nautical miles (17 km) west of Redmond Bluff in the Anare Mountains Victoria Land Antarctica. The topographical feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs 1960–63 and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Charles M.
 The Erskine College-Due West Historic District is a historic district in Due West South Carolina in the United States. It consists of 88 contributing properties and includes part of the campus of Erskine College as well as private homes businesses and other buildings in the town of Due West. On March 19 1982 it was listed in the National Register of Historic Places
 The Living Cosmos: Our Search for Life in the Universe is a non-fiction book by astronomer Chris Impey that discusses the subject of astrobiology and efforts to discover life beyond Earth. It was published as a hardcover by Random House in 2007 and as a paperback by Cambridge University Press in 2011.
 The Last Days: the Apocryphon of Joe Panther is a 1998 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Andrew Masterson.
 The Phantom Freighter is Volume 26 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap. This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Amy McFarlane the wife of long time Hardy Boys author Leslie McFarlane in 1947. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 Typhlomangelia innocentia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Everblack is the sixth studio album by American metal band The Black Dahlia Murder. Released through Metal Blade Records on June 11 2013. It is the first release by the band to feature drummer Alan Cassidy and bassist Max Lavelle.The album sold 13000 copies in the United States in its first week of release and debuted at position #32 on the Billboard 200.
 Deathstalker Rebellion is a science fiction novel by British author Simon R Green.The third in a series of nine novels Deathstalker Rebellion is part homage to - and part parody of - the classic space operas of the 1950s and deals with the timeless themes of honour love courage and betrayal.
 The Andean Slaty Thrush (Turdus nigriceps) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family.It is found in north-west Argentina Bolivia Ecuador and Peru. The subspecies found in north-east Argentina Paraguay and Brazil is often considered to be a separate species the Eastern Slaty Thrush (T. subalaris).Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Jesus Was Way Cool is a collection of poems by King Missile frontman John S. Hall. It was released by Soft Skull Press in 1997.
 Łopiennik Dolny [wɔˈpjɛnnik ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopiennik Górny within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Łopiennik Górny 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Krasnystaw and 44 km (27 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Europe '72 is a 1972 live triple album of performances by the Grateful Dead recorded during their tour of Western Europe in early 1972. A second volume was released in 2011.
 The Crângași River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dulce River in Romania.
 Veriu is a newspaper published in Albania.
 The Falkirk Herald is a weekly newspaper and daily news website published by Johnston Press. It provides reportage opinion and analysis of current affairs in the towns of Falkirk Grangemouth Larbert and Denny as well as the neighbouring villages of Polmont Redding and Bonnybridge. The paper's circulation area has a total population of 151600 the fifth largest urban area in Scotland.
 Orthogonius stygius is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Andrewes in 1930.
 Olivella spreta is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Get It Right is a 1983 Aretha Franklin album. It was produced by Luther Vandross following his successful teaming with the singer for the Gold-certified album Jump To It in 1982. The disc's title song became a #1 hit on Billboard's R&B singles chart - knocking Donna Summer out of the top spot - but it stalled at only #61 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album was a critical and commercial failure selling about 200000 US copies. It was belatedly issued on compact disc in the late 1990s.
 Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center is a 188-bed medical facility located in Corvallis Oregon United States. The only hospital in the city it is a level II trauma center and serves the Linn Benton and Lincoln County area.The hospital serves as the hub for the operations of Samaritan Health Services. It is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations.
 Ernest E. Cole (November 18 1871 – November 19 1949) was a New York state lawmaker who served as Commissioner of Education of the State of New York from 1940 to 1942.
 Rahimabad (Persian: رحيماباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩīmābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 31 families.
 Richard Osborn was the 20th President of Pacific Union College. He took office in 2001 serving until he resigned in 2009. Previously he also served as President of the Council for American Private Education a coalition representing 80% of private schools in the United States. Currently he is employed as Vice-President of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges. He has served as a board member or consultant for over fifteen colleges and universities.
 The Philadelphia Story is a 1939 American comic play by Philip Barry. It tells the story of a socialite whose wedding plans are complicated by the simultaneous arrival of her ex-husband and an attractive journalist.
 And Love Has Vanished (Serbian: Dvoje) is a 1961 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Aleksandar Petrović. It was entered into the 1962 Cannes Film Festival.
 Araj Huma is a village in Bolivia. In 2001 it had a population of 403.
 Ironclad is a 2011 adventure film directed by Jonathan English. Written by English and Erick Kastel based on a screenplay by Stephen McDool the cast includes Paul Giamatti James Purefoy Brian Cox Vladimir Kulich Mackenzie Crook Jason Flemying Derek Jacobi and Kate Mara. The film chronicles the siege of Rochester Castle by King John in 1215. The film was shot entirely in Wales in 2009 produced on a budget of $25 million.
 Brian Hill is an American state legislator serving in the Ohio House of Representatives. He is a Republican serving his first term. A graduate of Ohio State University he previously served for six years as commissioner of Muskingum County.
 If Magazine is an Australian print publication for screen-content professionals in Australia and New Zealand first published in 1997. It contains original articles on film television and digital media distribution exhibition marketing and finance and reports on domestic screen production.
 Geliguran (Persian: گلي گوران‎ also Romanized as Gelīgūrān; also known as Golī Kūrān Gūrān Kolī Gūrān Kolī Gūrūn and Kooran) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 21 families.
 Mount Akhun (Ахун) is a stand-alone mountain in the Khostinsky City District of Sochi Russia. Wedged between the Matsesta and Khosta Rivers this karst massif is the highest point of the Sochi littoral.The peak of Greater Akhun is 663 metres (2175 ft) above sea level. Its summit is marked by a 100-foott-tall Romanesque tower. It was built in 1936 from limestone ashlar. The tower offers panoramic views of the Western Caucasus as far south as Gagra and Pitsunda.
 Nowe Budy [ˈnɔvɛ ˈbudɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Leoncin 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 33 km (21 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Qeshlaq-e Ayiri Darreh Hajj Mahbat (Persian: قشلاق ايري دره حاج محبت‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Āyīrī Darreh Ḩājj Maḥbat) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 18 families.
 Skąpe [ˈskɔmpɛ] (German: Hermannsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Chełmża and 21 km (13 mi) north of Toruń.
 Der Weg nach oben is an East German film. It was released in 1950.
 Haribhau Madhav Jawale (born 1 June 1953) is an Indian politician and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party political party. He hails from Jalgaon district in the Khandesh region of Maharashtra state.
 The Church of St Mary in East Brent Somerset England dates from the 15th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.Parts of the building date from 1298 however the tower and spire were added around 1400.The church contains a 15th-century eagle lectern and pulpit from 1634.The building was restored in the 19th century with a chancel by William Butterfield.
 Sar Rud (Persian: سررود‎ also Romanized as Sar Rūd) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 30 families.
 Thomas Bain (December 14 1834 – January 18 1915) was a Canadian parliamentarian. Bain was born in Scotland the son of Walter Bain and migrated to Canada with his family when he was three years old. They settled on a bush farm in Wentworth County near Hamilton Ontario.He was elected to the County Council in the 1860s and became Warden. He was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1872 federal election as a Liberal.
 Missing in Action 2: The Beginning is a 1985 action/adventure film and a prequel to Missing in Action both of which star Chuck Norris. It was directed by Lance Hool and written by Steve Bing Larry Levinson and Arthur Silver.Missing in Action 2 was filmed at the same time as the first Missing in Action film and was actually set to be released first before the producers changed their minds. It was followed by a sequel of its own Braddock: Missing in Action III.
 The Serpent was a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Theda Bara. The film based on the short story The Wolf's Claw by Philip Bartholomae and its scenario was written by Raoul A. Walsh. Produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation The Serpent was shot on location at Chimney Rock North Carolina and at the Fox Studio in Fort Lee New Jersey. It is now considered lost.
 Truth in the Wilderness is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Lorimer Johnston starring Charlotte Burton and George Periolat J. Warren Kerrigan and Jack Richardson. Also starring Lillian Leighton and Vivian Rich.
 That's The Way God Planned It is the fourth studio album by Billy Preston released in 1969 on Apple Records and also the title track from that album which had previously been released as a single. George Harrison Keith Richards Eric Clapton and other guests appear on the album.
 Ernstia septentrionalis is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Ernstia from Norway.
 Wadeichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Stephen Paul Hatton (born 28 January 1948) is an Australian politician who was Chief Minister of the Northern Territory of Australia from 1986 to 1988. From 1983 until his retirement in 2001 he was MLA for the seat of Nightcliff.
 Mary Mother of Jesus is a 1999 American Biblical drama television film that retells the story of Jesus through the eyes of Mary his mother.It stars Swedish actresses Pernilla August and Melinda Kinnaman as Mary English actor David Threlfall as Joseph (his legal guardian not father) and English actor Christian Bale as Jesus.
 Dave Grills (born 12 April 1959) is an Australian politician. He was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council as a Nationals member for Mining and Pastoral Region at the 2013 state election. Although scheduled to take his seat on 22 May 2013 he was elected in a recount on 5 April to the vacancy caused by the resignation of Wendy Duncan to contest the Legislative Assembly seat of Kalgoorlie.Grills was born in Birmingham the United Kingdom and arrived in Western Australia in 1965.
 K.H. Masjkur (EISS : Masykur 15 December 1917 ‒ 25 December 1994 at the age of 77 years) is the Minister of Religion Indonesia in the years 1947–1949 and 1953–1955. He was also a member of House of Representatives of Indonesia in 1956–1971 and a member of Supreme Advisory Council in 1968.Prominent involvement in the struggle for independence in the days of the Japanese occupation as a member of the Board of Inquiry Efforts Preparation of Indonesian Independence.
 Bull Lake is a lake in Algoma District Ontario Canada. It is about 510 metres (1673 ft) long and 310 metres (1017 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 303 metres (994 ft).
 The Peterskopf near the Palatine county town of Bad Dürkheim in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate is a 487-metre-high hill in the Haardt mountains. On its summit is the Bismarck tower.
 Foster's Almshouse (grid reference ST586732) is a historic building on Colston Street Bristol England. The almshouse was originally founded by bequest from 15th century merchant John Foster in 1482.The west wing of the current building was built in 1861 the north wing in 1872 and the south and east wings in 1880-83 by Foster and Wood.
 Patrick McDonald is a Republican member of the Idaho House of Representatives representing the Boise-based District 15 since January 2014. He was appointed to the position by Gov. Butch Otter to serve the remainder of the term of Mark Patterson who resigned due to scandal regarding his past criminal record.
 Paddys River a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Southern Highlands region of New South Wales Australia.
 Bloody Pond is a 98-acre (400000 m2) natural kettlehole pond in Plymouth Massachusetts near Long Pond village. The pond is located southeast of Long Pond. This pond visible from the southbound side of Route 3 past the Ship Pond Road bridge is fed by groundwater and has over two miles (3 km) of shoreline. The average depth is 17 feet (5.2 m) and the maximum depth is 38 feet (12 m).
 Wu Po-hsiung (Chinese: 吳伯雄; pinyin: Wú Bóxióng; born June 19 1939) is a politician in the Republic of China (ROC) who formerly served as chairman of the Kuomintang (KMT). He has been the Interior Minister (1984-1988) Mayor of Taipei (1988–1990) Secretary-General to the President (1991–1996) and Chairman of the KMT (2007-2009). Wu was nominated as Honorary Chairman of the Kuomintang when he was succeeded by Ma Ying-jeou as the Chairman of the Kuomintang.
 Transform is the fourth album by American hard rock band Powerman 5000 released May 20 2003. It is an enhanced CD that includes the videos for Free and Action the album's two singles.
 Andrii Deshchytsia (Ukrainian: Андрій Богданович Дещиця) (22 September 1965 Pervyatychi Lviv region) is a Ukrainian diplomat Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine from February 27 2014 - Acting Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine.
 http://www.movieposter.com/posters/archive/main/15/b70-7977Your Cheatin' Heart is a 1964 musical directed by Gene Nelson, starring George Hamilton, Susan Oliver and Red Buttons.
 James Alex Msekela (born 3 September 1959) is a Tanzanian politician a member of the Chama cha Mapinduzi (CCM) party. He is currently Tanzania's ambassador to Italy having been appointed by President Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete and sworn in on 5 January 2012.
 Charles Beverley Bev Koester OC CD (January 13 1926 – February 1 1998) was a Canadian naval officer civil servant and Clerk of the Canadian House of Commons.Born in Regina Saskatchewan he graduated from the Royal Canadian Naval College at Royal Roads British Columbia in 1944. He served during the Second World War in Scotland and in 1945 was involved in the liberation of Oslo and Copenhagen. He stayed in the Navy until 1960 retiring as a Lieutenant Commander.
 The Râcu River is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania.
 St. Joseph Catholic Church was a parish in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston serving the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. The parish was established in 1845 and a church was built in the same year. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. The parish was suppressed by the archdiocese in 2002 resulting in the sale of the property.
 Sarah Silverman: Jesus Is Magic is a 2005 comedy written by and starring Sarah Silverman directed by Liam Lynch and distributed by Roadside Attractions. The movie is a concert film consisting of 72 minutes of clips taken from Silverman's previous stand-up show of the same name interspersed with flashbacks and comedic sketches.
 Kalateh-ye Shoqan (Persian: كلاته شقان‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Shoqān and Kalateh-e Shoqan; also known as Kalāteh-ye Shoqānīhā) is a village in Shoqan Rural District Jolgeh Shoqan District Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 73 families.
 Gowienica is a river of Poland a right tributary of the Oder.
 The Benson Water Tower is a historic water tower located on Clayton Street in Benson Illinois. The round red brick tower is 60 feet (18 m) tall; its diameter is 16 feet 2 inches (4.93 m) at its base and tapers to 14 feet 1 inch (4.29 m) at its top. The tower is topped by a 20-foot (6.1 m) tall redwood water tank. The village of Benson commissioned the water tower in 1891 in response to multiple serious fires in the village's business district. Fitchen Bros.
 Gung Ho is a 1986 Ron Howard comedy film released by Paramount Pictures and starring Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. The story portrayed the takeover of an American car plant by a Japanese corporation (although the title is an Americanized Chinese expression for work and together). The film was rated PG-13 in the US and certified 15 in the UK.
 Gamnab (Persian: گمن‌آب‎ also Romanized as Gamnāb) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 7 families.
 Troidini is the tribe of Aristolochia swallowtails that includes the genus Battus.It consists of some 135 species worldwide and 3 species that occur in North America. Members of this tribe feed on poisonous pipevine plants (genus Aristolochia). As a result they are poisonous themselves taste extremely bad to predators (Pinheiro 1986) and are mimicked by other butterflies (Scott 1986).
 Beinn Achaladair is a Scottish mountain situated six kilometres north east of the hamlet of Bridge of Orchy. The mountain stands on the border of the Perth and Kinross and Argyll and Bute council areas.
 Demasiado jóvenes is a 1958 Argentine film.
 Mt. Zion Christian Methodist Episcopal Church formerly Mt. Zion Colored Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic African-American church in Union City Tennessee at the corner of North Greenwood and East College Streets.The Mt. Zion congregation was organized in 1870 the same year that the Colored Methodist Episcopal Church was formed as a new denomination by African Americans who had been members of the Methodist Episcopal Church South.
 Er ist wieder da (pronounced [ɛʁ ʔɪst ˈviːdɐ daː]; literal translation: He's back again) is a bestselling German satirical novel about Adolf Hitler by Timur Vermes published in 2012 by Eichborn Verlag.
 The Fall of Blood Mountain is the twenty-sixth book of the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever.
 US Post Office-Frankfort is a historic post office building located at Frankfort in Herkimer County New York United States. It was built in 1940-1941 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. It is a one story five bay steel frame building on a raised foundation in the Colonial Revival style. It features a three bay central pavilion surmounted by a slate covered hipped roof.
 Voljavica is a village in the municipality of Bratunac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Roth is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Perły [ˈpɛrwɨ] (German: Perswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Ribarice is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 407 people.
 Heydarabad (Persian: حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District Jafarabad District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 66 families.
 Gibbula is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 Cham Chareh Yek (Persian: چم چره يك‎ also Romanized as Cham Chareh Yeḵ meaning Cham Chareh 1; also known as Cham Chareh and Cham Charā) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Krudtscheider Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Now That's What I Call the 00s is a special edition of the (UK) Now! series released on 15 February 2010. The three-CD set has 60 hits from the 2000s.It was released shortly after the 2000s finished. It was also released shortly after Now That's What I Call the 90s.
 The Șipotele River is a tributary of the Telejenel River in Romania.
 Josy Dubié is a Belgian politician and a member of Ecolo. He was a member of the Belgian Senate from 1999 to 2003 and from 2005 to 2009.
 The Poplar Bud Borer Moth (Meroptera cviatella) is a species of snout moths in the genus Meroptera. It was described by Dyar in 1905 and is known from North America including Illinois Colorado Iowa Oklahoma and Quebec.The wingspan is 22-25 mm. The basal space costa and inner margin of the wing are broadly bright reddish brown while the center beyond the base is purplish gray.The larvae feed on the buds of Populus species.
 Potseluy babochki (Russian: Поцелуй бабочки meaning Butterfly Kiss) is a 2006 Russian film directed by Anton Sivers. The world premiere of the film was held July 21 2006.
 Splendor is a 1989 Italian drama film directed by Ettore Scola.
 Homoeotricha is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Aspremont-Lynden Castle (Dutch: Kasteel d'Aspremont-Lynden) is a castle in Oud-Rekem in the municipality of Lanaken province of Limburg Belgium.The present castle on the site of a mediaeval predecessor was constructed by the noble family of d'Aspremont Lynden Counts of Rekem in the early 17th century in the style of the Maasland Renaissance.The building served during the 19th and 20th centuries as a prison and a psychiatric hospital.
 Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid is a 1973 American Western drama film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring James Coburn Kris Kristofferson and Bob Dylan. Written by Rudy Wurlitzer the film is about an aging Pat Garrett hired as a lawman by a group of wealthy New Mexico cattle barons to bring down his old friend Billy the Kid.Dylan composed several songs for the movie's score and soundtrack album Pat Garrett & Billy the Kid which was released the same year.
 Cephalotes palta is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Standing Hampton is a Sammy Hagar solo album his first after moving from Capitol Records to Geffen. Five of its singles charted in either the mainstream rock or pop singles charts.The British version of the album was released with an interview 45rpm called Conversations with Sammy Hagar (Geffen XPS 133).
 Sunset Hill Cemetery located northwest of the interesction of North Oak Street and West Mary Street is the oldest cemetery in Valdosta.
 Dunagiri is a historic area in Almora district in the state of Uttarakhand in India. Approximately 400 km (250 mi) from Delhi a cluster of six small villages forms the place that is variously known as Dunagiri Drongiri and Doonagiri. 116 such villages combine to form the Development Block of Dwarahat which falls under the District of Almora.
 Majidabad (Persian: مجيد آباد‎ also Romanized as Majīdābād) is a village in Avalan Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 15 families.
 Subotica (Serbian Cyrillic: Суботица) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Koceljeva municipality in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 289 in 2002. Former Serbian minister of internal affairs Vojan Lukić was born there.
 Lophocampa propinqua is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is known from Mexico.
 Sound Soldier is the second studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Skye Sweetnam. The album was released in Canada on October 30 2007 and February 14 2008 in Japan. The first single off the album is Human produced by The Matrix.
 The Linden Street Bridge is a historic bridge on the abandoned Central Massachusetts Railroad over Linden Street in Waltham Massachusetts. It is a riveted lattice through truss bridge built in 1894 by the Pennsylvania Steel Company and is one of only three such bridges left in the state. The bridge is 98'3 long and 17' wide with an inside truss height of 21'11.5 and rests on granite abutments.
 Roscoe Conkling House in Utica New York USA was the home of Roscoe Conkling 1829–1888 a powerful and controversial politician. He is responsible perhaps for the angry political atmosphere that led to the assassination of U.S. President James Garfield.
 Nowa Otocznia [ˈnɔva ɔˈtɔt͡ʂɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniewo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Wiśniewo 3 km (2 mi) south-east of Mława and 107 km (66 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Zola and the Tulip Tree is the third album by the Original Harmony Ridge Creekdippers released in 1999.
 Nowa Grabownica [ˈnɔva ɡrabɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Somonauk Creek is a tributary of the Fox River which it joins in the Northville Township part of Sheridan Illinois. Somonauk Creek is approximately 36 miles (58 km) in length and its source is 3.5 mi (6 km) north of Waterman. It has been dammed to form Lake Holiday south of the village of Somonauk. The lake is the second lake in the City of Sandwich with the first Lake Davis having been drained in the early 1900s to create usable farmland.
 The Church of St Peter Carrigrohane County Cork Ireland is a Church of Ireland church built in 1854 and extended by William Burges in 1865-68.The church in a Gothic Revival style has a three-bay nave with a two-stage tower and gable-fronted porch. The chancel to the east side and later side aisle extension to the south were added by William Burges in 1865-68.
 On Ice is the third and final studio album by Australian alternative rock band Machine Gun Fellatio. The album was released on 18 October 2004 on Festival Records.The album was later re-released which included a bonus DVD featuring four live video tracks and two videos.
 La falena is a 1916 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone. The film is considered to be lost with only a fragment surviving in the film archive of the Cineteca Italiana.
 Seyyed Sharif Shahada (Persian: سيدشريف شهدا‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Sharīf Shahadā) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 7 families.
 Fieldwork is a 2007 novel by American journalist Mischa Berlinski. It was published by Farrar Straus and Giroux and was a finalist that year for the National Book Award eventually losing out to Denis Johnson's Tree of Smoke.
 Lake Monona is a freshwater drainage lake in Dane County Wisconsin surrounded on three sides by the city of Madison Wisconsin and on the south side by the city of Monona Wisconsin. It is the second-largest of a chain of four lakes along the Yahara River (also including Mendota Kegonsa and Waubesa) in the area and forms the south shore of the isthmus that forms downtown Madison.
 Charles Augustus Bennet 5th Earl of Tankerville PC DL (28 April 1776 – 25 June 1859) styled Lord Ossulston until 1822 was a British politician. He served as Treasurer of the Household from 1806 to 1807 in the Ministry of All the Talents.
 Osiny [ɔˈɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kiernozia 17 km (11 mi) north of Łowicz and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Middle Triple Peak is the second highest peak in the Kichatna Mountains a subrange of the Alaska Range in Alaska United States. It is a striking rock tower with immense sheer walls on the east and west sides.Its East Buttress route (roughly 3600 feet/1100 m high) is a classic hard rock climbing route. Due to the remoteness of the range and the usually terrible weather this peak has seen only a few ascents.
 Mount Washington is a small mountain in the US state of Washington roughly 30 miles (48 km) east-southeast of Seattle Washington along Interstate 90. It lies on the western margin of the Cascade Range just above the coastal plains around Puget Sound and is southwest of nearby town of North Bend.Once known as Profile Mountain Mount Washington was named due to a cliff resembling a profile of George Washington when viewed from an angle.The hike to the top of Mt.
 Tatoul Markarian was appointed Armenian Ambassador to the United States on March 19 2005 by President Robert Kocharian. He holds the diplomatic rank of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary. He also represents the Republic of Armenia in the Organization of American States where Armenia has a status of observer.
 Plectrurus perrotetii commonly known as the Nilgiri burrowing snake or Perrotet's shieldtail is a species of harmless uropeltid snake endemic to India.
 The Nintendo Fun Club was a fan club marketed by Nintendo. It was free to join and those who joined it received a free subscription to Nintendo Fun Club News a periodical that discussed popular games and games that were planned for the near future. It offered tips and tricks Nintendo video game news comics.
 The Torch (Spanish: Del odio nace el amor) is a 1950 Mexican / American film directed by Emilio Fernández. The film is also known as Bandit General in the United Kingdom.
 Engine Company Number Nine Firehouse is an historic firehouse in North Deering Portland Maine. It was constructed in 1902-03 shortly after Deering was annexed by the City of Portland Maine. It was built to reflect Portland's commitment to the newly annexed suburb as well as due to the city's switch to a paid fire department. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in October 2010.
 Jose B. Fernandez Jr. was the 6th Governor of Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas. Under his term he served two presidents and was the governor under one turbulent event - People Power Revolution of 1986.
 Black Heart of Jamaica is the fifth book in the Cat Royal series by British author Julia Golding. In this story the protagonist Cat becomes a pirate and gets involved with Pedro in a slave revolt.
 Vampirates: Tide of Terror a novel by British author Justin Somper is the sequel to Demons of the Ocean. It is the second in the Vampirates series.
 Store Svartdalspiggen is a mountain at the border of the municipalities of Lom and Vågå in Oppland Norway.
 Leedvermaak (film) is a 1989 Dutch film directed by Frans Weisz.
 Vincent Joseph Bella known as V.J. Bella (born July 29 1927) is a former member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from St. Mary Parish whose service extended from 1972-1990. Thereafter Bella served in Baton Rouge as the appointed state fire marshal from 1990–1992 and again from 1996-2004. As a representative Bella was a pioneer in fire sprinkler legislation.
 El ahijado de la muerte (The Godson of Death) is a 1946 Mexican film. It was the first film to be written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Dirsekkaya is a village in the District of Çıldır Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Lake Iroquois is a freshwater reservoir located in west Loda Illinois in Iroquois County 13.6 miles from Onarga. Lake Iroquois is 20–50 ft from Bayles Lake (Illinois) the two lakes are separated by a road on the north side of Bayles Lake (Illinois).
 The Purdel River is a tributary of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 Nalla Pattukare is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by M. S. Sivachandran starring Vijay Madhav in the lead role.The movie is based on the struggles of upcoming artists and was modelled upon the popular Asianet reality TV show called Idea Star Singer. Vijay Madhav was himself a former contestant in this show. Besides Vijay Madhav the film also stars other ISS contestants such as Imran Bitty Arun Gopan and others.
 Żaków [ˈʐakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 49 km (30 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Khonjesht Rural District in the Central District of Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 589 in 134 families.
 Gardiners Bay is a small arm of the Atlantic Ocean approximately 10 mi (16 km) long and 8 mi (13 km) wide in the U.S. state of New York between the two flukelike peninsulas at the eastern end of Long Island. It is bounded on its eastern end where it connects to Block Island Sound by Gardiners Island and Promised Land.Adjoining harbors include Three Mile Harbor Clearwater beach Acabonack Harbor and Lazy Point's Napeague harbor.
 The red codling or hoka Pseudophycis bachus is a morid cod of the genus Pseudophycis found around southern Australia and New Zealand from the surface to 700 m. Its length is up to 90 cm. P. bachus is a food source for the diving yellow-eyed penguin Megadyptes antipodes.
 Bleed is the fourth studio album by German heavy metal band Angel Dust released in 1999. The band took a slightly darker direction on the album without losing the power metal melodies they explored with their previous studio album Border of Reality.
 Isodaphne garrardi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Three Hours to Love (Serbo-Croatian: 'Tri sata za ljubav') is a 1968 Yugoslav film directed by Fadil Hadžić.
 Mother London (1988) is a novel by Michael Moorcock. It was shortlisted for the Whitbread Prize. Although the city of London itself is perhaps the central character it follows three outpatients from a mental hospital – a music hall artist (Josef Kiss) a reclusive writer (David Mummery) and a woman just awoken from a long coma (Mary Gasalee) – who experience the history of the city from the Blitz to the late eighties through chaotic experience and sensory delusions.
 Trzebicko-Piaski [tʂɛˈbit͡skɔ ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszków within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Trygve Magnus Slagsvold Vedum (born 1 December 1978 in Hamar) is a Norwegian politician representing the Centre Party. He is currently a representative of Hedmark in the Storting and was first elected in 2005. From 18 June 2012 to 16 October 2013 he served as Minister of Agriculture and Food.
 Brave New World is a 1998 television movie loosely based on Aldous Huxley's novel Brave New World. The film stars Peter Gallagher and Leonard Nimoy. It is an abridged version of the original story. The film aired on NBC.
 Osowiec Śląski [ɔˈsɔvjɛt͡s ˈɕlɔ̃ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turawa within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Turawa and 12 km (7 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1400.
 The Best Australian Poetry 2007 is an anthology of poetry published by UQP in 2007. The series editors are Bronwyn Lea and Martin Duwell; the guest editor for the 2007 anthology was John Tranter. The selected poems were drawn from the following Australian literary magazines: The Australian Book Review Blast magazine Blue Dog Famous Reporter Going Down Swinging Heat Hecate Meanjin Southerly Space: New Writing and the Weekend Australian.The 40 contributors are:
 Live Gothic is the title of a live album recorded in Poland by Swedish symphonic metal band Therion released on 25 July 2008. The album is released on two CDs and one DVD.
 Staré Hrady is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 La Libération de Paris (The Liberation of Paris) is a short historical documentary shot in secret by small propaganda units of the French Resistance during the Battle for Paris in August 1944.
 Men in Hope (Czech: Muži v naději) is a 2011 Czech drama film written and directed by Jiří Vejdělek.
 Ramashankar Rajbhar is an Indian Politician and is Member of Parliament of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Salempur constituency of Uttar Pradesh and is a member of the Bahujan Samaj Party political party.
 The Philippine STAR is the flagship title of the country’s largest and most successful print media enterprise the Star Group of Publications. Owned and published by Philstar Daily Inc. The STAR is a vaunted pillar of Philippine journalism whose integrity is anchored on the Biblical motto “Truth Shall Prevail”.
 The Great Songs of Roy Orbison is an album recorded by Roy Orbison for MGM Records that was released in the United States in February 1970.
 Elachista bruuni is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Finland Russia Estonia and Latvia.The wingspan is 9–10 millimetres (0.35–0.39 in). Adults are on wing in June and July.
 20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of Robert Palmer is a compilation album by Robert Palmer released through Universal Music Group The collection spans his history from 1974 through 1985.
 Mordellistena terminata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ray in 1946.
 Ashurajō no Hitomi (阿修羅城の瞳 Eye(s) of Asura Castle) is a 2005 Japanese horror film starring Somegorō Ichikawa Rie Miyazawa and Kanako Higuchi. Directed by Yōjirō Takita it is a movie adaptation of a 1987 Kazuki Nakashima play set in the 16th century. It has been released on DVD-Video as Ashura in United Kingdom by Yume Pictures in 2006 and in the United States by AnimEigo in 2007.
 Rudno (German: Ruden) is a village in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The town has 226 inhabitants (2002)
 Polityka (Polish pronunciation: [pɔˈlitɨka] Politics) is a centre-left weekly newsmagazine in Poland. With a circulation of 200050 (as of April 2011) it is the country's biggest selling weekly ahead of Newsweek's Polish edition and Wprost. Today the magazine has a slightly intellectual socially liberal profile setting it apart from the more conservative Wprost and the glossier approach of Newsweek Poland.
 Institute of Agriculture Phases 2 and 3 (Persian: موسسه فلاحت در فراغت فاز 2 و3‎ – Mūsaseh Felāḩet Dar Farāghet Fāz Do va Seh) is a village and institute in Siyakh Darengun Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 The Assassination Bureau Ltd is a thriller novel begun by Jack London and finished after his death by Robert L. Fish. It was published in 1963. The plot follows Ivan Dragomiloff who in a twist of fate finds himself pitted against the secret assassination agency he founded.The novel was based on a story idea London purchased from author Sinclair Lewis (Elmer Gantry) in early 1910.
 El Kilo is the third album by Orishas a Cuban hip hop group based in France. It was released on March 29 2005 on the Universal Latino Label.
 The New Walk Museum and Art Gallery is a museum on New Walk in Leicester England not far from the city centre. The original building was designed by Joseph Hansom designer of the hansom cab.
 Motel is the debut eponymous album by the Mexican soul-rock band Motel. The album was released on March 21 2006 in Mexico. Four months later the album was released in countries like Guatemala Venezuela Chile and the United States. Their first single is called Dime ven (English: Tell Me to Come. The song was very popular in Latin American and Mexican charts. They also released their last singles Olvídame and Lejos estamos mejor.
 Cardiocondyla is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae. Approximately 70 species are currently recognized as belonging to this genus most of which are distributed in the Old World tropics and subtropics but a few of which occur in the temperate zone. Some species are also found widely separated in North America and the Pacific Islands as a result of human introduction. Several species of this genus have a striking male polymorphism with both winged and wingless forms.
 The Unfortunates is an experimental book in a box published in 1969 by English author B. S. Johnson and reissued in 2008 by New Directions. The 27 sections are unbound with a first and last chapter specified. The 25 sections in-between ranging from a single paragraph to 12 pages in length are designed to be read in any order.
 The Harmonium in My Memory (Hangul: 내 마음의 풍금; RR: Nae Maeumui Punggeum) is a 1999 South Korean film based on the best-selling Korean semi-autobiographical novel Female Student by Ha Keum-chan.
 Mitra holkosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Gundlapochampalle or Gundla Pochampalli is a village in Medchal mandal of Rangareddi district Andhra Pradesh India.
 Gynoeryx bilineatus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 Chimeh (Persian: چيمه‎ also Romanized as Chīmeh; also known as Chīma and Maḩalleh-ye Deh-e Chīmeh) is a village in Barzrud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 283 in 139 families.
 Iwaoa reticulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Clavatulidae.
 Na Tum Jaano Na Hum (Hindi: ना तुम जानो ना हम Urdu: نہ تم جانو نہ ہم‎ translation: Neither you know nor I) is a 2002 Bollywood romance film starring Hrithik Roshan Esha Deol and Saif Ali Khan. The film is directed by Arjun Sablok. Despite its celebrity cast the film failed to perform well at the box office.
 Lake Horowhenua is located in the Horowhenua an area of the southern Manawatu-Wanganui region in New Zealand's North Island. It covers an area of 3.9 square kilometres. The lake also known as Punahou lies on a sandy plain two kilometres to the west of Levin and five kilometres from the coast of the Tasman Sea. It is a shallow lake only some two metres in depth fed by various small streams and is drained by the Hokio Stream.
 Post Office Building Upper Montclair also known as the Gumersall Building is located in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1918 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 1 1988.
 Unforgettable Life (also known as Special Operating Room and Illegal Lives) is the first movie concerning premarital pregnancy in China directed by Tian Zhuangzhuang in 1988. It is reported that this film has been banned for 17 years because of its sensitive topic.
 Starseed is a science fiction novel by Spider Robinson and Jeanne Robinson. It first appeared in seven parts in Pulphouse Weekly in 1991. It is a sequel to Stardance and was published as a standalone novel later that. It was republished in 1997 as an omnibus edition with Stardance.
 Tolombeh-ye Mahmudabad-e Zeynali (Persian: تلمبه محمودابادزينلي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Maḩmūdābād-e Zeynalī) is a village in Bahreman Rural District Nuq District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Young Women's Christian Association of Plainfield and North Plainfield is a historic building in Plainfield Union County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1924 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 According to Greta (also known as Surviving Summer) is a 2009 American independent drama film directed by Nancy Bardawil.
 Amalda obtusa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers theory and practice in all areas of intelligent systems and robotics. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Kimon P. Valavanis (University of Denver).
 Globidrillia smirna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Pedra da Gávea is a mountain in Tijuca Forest Rio de Janeiro Brazil. Composed of granite and gneiss its elevation is 844 metres (2769 ft) making it one of the highest mountains in the world that ends directly in the ocean.
 The Southern Hermit (Chazara prieuri) is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found in Morocco and Spain.The wingspan is 45-60 mm. The adult flies in July and August depending on the location. In Morocco it may emerge by mid-June.The larva feeds on the grass Lygeum spartum.
 The Absence is the second studio album by the American metal band Luna Mortis. The album was released in 2009 by Century Media and is the first studio album that Luna Mortis released through that record label. Four of the tracks on the album were recorded in February 2008 with producer Jason Suecof at his Audio Hammer Studios and were used as a demo that was sent out only to record labels in hopes of acquiring a recording contract for the band.
 Spinipogon signata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Der Osten ist Rot is the fourth album by Holger Czukay released in 1984 through Virgin Records.
 Lieutenant-General Sir Herbert Taylor (1775–1839) GCB GCH was the first Private Secretary to the Sovereign of the United Kingdom.
 Tyndall Glacier is a small cirque glacier in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado. Tyndall Glacier is on the east side of the Continental Divide and in a cirque to the north of Hallett Peak.
 Blindfold (also known as Ten Little Girls) is Curve's first single/EP. It was released on 4 March 1991 and it reached #68 in the UK singles chart. All four songs from the EP were included in the compilation Pubic Fruit issued in 1992.Blindfold was selected as Single of the Week by Melody Maker. It was also voted as the 5th Single of the Year by the same magazine.
 Sreekandamangalam (The City of Shiva) is a hamlet which belongs to the township of Athirampuzha and is located in the Kottayam district Kerala India.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Soveyseh Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1393 in 296 families.
 Gogane is a Village Development Committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2283 persons residing in 415 individual households.
 Cephalosdrophus marinae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Cephalosdrophus.
 The Classic is the fifth regular studio album released by the American artist Joan as Police Woman (aka Joan Wasser) on March 10 2014 through PIAS.
 Do Ab Training Camp (Persian: پادگان اموزش دواب‎ – Pādegān-e Amūzesh Do Āb; also known as Padegān-e Do Āb) is a village and military installation in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 8 families.
 Henry M. Mickey Michaux Jr. (born 1930) is a Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's thirty-first House district since 1983. He previously served from 1973 through 1977. His district includes constituents in Durham County. As of 2008 Michaux is the longest-serving African American member of the North Carolina General Assembly.
 St. Joan of Arc Chapel is a Roman Catholic chapel today located in Milwaukee Wisconsin USA on the campus of Marquette University in the Archdiocese of Milwaukee. It was dedicated to Joan of Arc on May 26 1966 after it had been moved from its previous location on Long Island New York. It was originally built in the Rhône River Valley in France.
 Chosen is the third novel of the House of Night fantasy series written by American authors P.C. Cast and Kristin Cast. The book was released on March 2 2008 by St. Martin's Press an extension of Macmillan Publishers.
 United Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Lisbon in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1857 and is a rectangular gable roofed frame building three bays wide and four bays deep. It was modified and enlarged in the late 19th century and early 20th century. Attached to the main block is a two story Sunday school wing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Fools for Scandal is a 1938 comedy film starring Carole Lombard Fernand Gravey and Ralph Bellamy. It is now best remembered as one of Lombard's worst films and one that set her on the course for seeking dramatic roles for the next few years.
 Edwin Mah Lee (Chinese: 李孟賢; pinyin: Lǐ Mèngxián born May 5 1952) is the 43rd Mayor of San Francisco California. He was appointed by the Board of Supervisors on January 11 2011 to serve out the remainder of former mayor Gavin Newsom's term after Newsom resigned to take office as Lieutenant Governor of California. At the time of his appointment Lee pledged not to run for the office but he later decided to join the race.
 Franz Reinhold Schwede (5 March 1888 - 19 October 1960) was a Nazi German politician Lord Mayor of Coburg and Gauleiter of Pomerania. An early supporter of Adolf Hitler in Coburg Schwede used intimidation and propaganda to help elect the first Nazi-majority local government in Germany. This contributed to a personality cult surrounding Schwede and he became known as Franz Schwede-Coburg. During World War II he ordered secret executions of the infirm and mass deportations of Jews.
 The Soubrette and the Simp is a 1914 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Myopinae is a subfamily of fly from the family Conopidae.
 The Schech Mill is a historic mill located in Houston County Minnesota United States. It is one of three watermills in Minnesota still operating solely with water power and the only one to have its original millstone. Built by John Blinn in 1876 it was purchased by a Minneapolis miller Michael Schech who had emigrated from Bavaria Germany. The mill produced cornmeal rye buckwheat wheat flour graham flour and whole wheat cereal which was sold in Caledonia and Houston Minnesota.
 Danny Faure (born 8 May 1962) is a Seychellois politician who has been Vice President of the Seychelles since 1 July 2010. Faure is a member of the Seychelles People's Progressive Front (SPPF).Faure was born in Kilembe Uganda. He is a graduate in political sciences from an institution in Cuba. Faure was Leader of Government Business in the National Assembly from 1993 to 1998 then served in the cabinet as Minister of Education from 1998 to 2006.
 Parsęta (German: Persante) is a river in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship (Zachodniopomorskie) of north-western Poland a tributary of the Baltic Sea with a length of 132 km (82 mi) and a basin area of 3151 km2 (1217 sq mi).Towns: Białogard Kołobrzeg KarlinoTributaries: Bukowa Radew
 Eemil Nestor Setälä (27 February 1864 in Kokemäki – 8 February 1935 in Helsinki) was a Finnish politician and once the Chairman of the Senate of Finland from September 1917 to November 1917.Setälä was a linguist professor of Finnish language and literature at Helsinki University from 1893 to 1929.
 Live From the Hotel Café is a 4-track EP by American pop-rock singer-songwriter Matt Hires released on October 7 2008 and reached the top 10 on iTunes' Top Singer/Songwriters Albums chart upon its release. The EP contained three live performances and one demo track which selected performances at the Hotel Café in Los Angeles.
 Różanystok [ruʐaˈnɨstɔk] is a village and former monastery in northeastern Poland known regionally for both its ornate 18th-century minor basilica and its agricultural magnet school. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Dąbrowa Białostocka 27 km (17 mi) north of Sokółka and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Mirror Crack'd is a 1980 British mystery film based on Agatha Christie's Miss Marple novel The Mirror Crack'd from Side to Side (1962). It was directed by Guy Hamilton and featured Angela Lansbury Kim Novak Elizabeth Taylor Geraldine Chaplin Tony Curtis Edward Fox and Rock Hudson.This crime/mystery was adapted by Jonathan Hales and Barry Sandler. Scenes were filmed at Twickenham Film Studios Twickenham London UK and on location in Kent.
 Eddie Macon's Run is a 1983 film based on the 1980 novel by James McLendon it stars Kirk Douglas John Schneider and John Goodman in his film debut.
 Ñawinqucha (Quechua ñawi eye / button hole -n a suffix qucha lake hispanicized spellings Ñahuincocha Ñahuin ccocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region Huancavelica Province Acobambilla District. It lies west of the lake Warmiqucha and south of the lake Milluqucha.
 Mitromorpha flammulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Lena Philipsson is a 1994 compilation album from Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson.
 Peter Foster Causey (January 11 1801 – February 15 1871) was an American merchant and politician from Milford in Kent County Delaware. He was a member of the American Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly and as Governor of Delaware.
 Be My Lover is the third studio album by R&B singer O'Bryan.
 The Shining Bronze Cuckoo (Chrysococcyx lucidus) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family found in Australia Indonesia New Caledonia New Zealand Papua New Guinea Solomon Islands and Vanuatu. It was previously also known as Chalcites lucidus.It is the world’s smallest cuckoo being only 15 to 17 centimetres (5.9 to 6.7 in) in length and parasitises chiefly dome-shaped nests of various Gerygone species having a range that largely corresponds with the distribution of that genus.
 El Fin de la noche (English: End of the Night) is a 1944 Argentine film. The movie is notable for being an anti-Nazi film made in neutral Argentina in the course of World War II and set in occupied France. Shot from August to November 1943 the release was put on hold for more than a year pending authorization by the pro-Axis military government of that time.
 Sangab (Persian: سنگ اب‎ also Romanized as Sangāb) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 36 families.
 Piasek Wielki [ˈpjasɛk ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Nowy Korczyn 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 508.
 Anereuthina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Batman Beyond concept based on the television series of the same name has appeared in various DC Comics publications. It can typically be split into four volumes which follow on from each other the first volume using the six-issue miniseries from 1999 the second being the 1999-2001 24 issue series the third being the 2010 Hush arc and the fourth being the 2011 eight-issue series. There is currently a new series titled Batman Beyond Unlimited which becomes the fifth series.
 Julie VanOrden (born in Pocatello Idaho) is a Republican Idaho State Representative since 2012 representing District 31 in the B seat.
 Lake Nojiri (野尻湖 Nojiri-ko) is in the town of Shinano Kamiminochi District Nagano Prefecture Japan. Second to Lake Suwa among lakes in Nagano Prefecture Nojiri is a resort the location of the first pumped-storage hydroelectricity in Japan and the site of a paleolithic excavation.
 Mud River Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge over the Mud River at Milton Cabell County West Virginia. It was built about 1875 and is a single-span modified Howe truss structure. It measures approximately 112 feet in length and 14 feet in width. The bridge was restored in 1971.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The roughnose stingray Pastinachus solocirostris is a little-known species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae generally found in shallow estuarine waters associated with mangroves off Borneo Sumatra and possibly Java. Growing to 72 cm (28 in) across this species has a rhomboid pectoral fin disc and a whip-like tail with a ventral fin fold. It is characterized by its pointed snout which is covered by dermal denticles.
 The Fixer Uppers is a 1935 short film starring Laurel and Hardy directed by Charles Rogers and produced by Hal Roach.
 Bathytoma oldhami is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Korssjøen is a lake in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake is located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of the lake Rambergsjøen and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) west of Flensjøen.
 The Tuggeranong Hyperdome is a two-storey regional shopping centre located in Greenway Australian Capital Territory servicing the district of Tuggeranong.
 Living Legend is a 1975 jazz album by saxophonist Art Pepper playing with Hampton Hawes Charlie Haden and Shelly Manne.This was Art Pepper's 'comeback' album the first to be released after his long absence due to drug addiction and incarceration in San Quentin prison. Pepper had been finally released in 1966 and for a while only played tenor saxophone showing how much of an influence John Coltrane had been on him in the intervening years.
 Country Winners is a 1973 compilation album by country singer Willie Nelson. Released after Nelson signed with Atlantic this was the closest thing to a retrospective RCA issued at the time. Seven of the album's nine tracks were originally issued on Nelson's RCA debut Country Willie - His Own Songs Hello Walls and Funny How Time Slips Away are from And Then I Wrote.
 Bebrene Manor (Latvian: Bebrenes muiža) is a manor house in Bebrene Ilūkste municipality Latvia in the historical region of Selonia. Commissioned by Count Stanisław Kostka von Plater-Syberg and built in French neo-Renaissance style in the late 19th century by the Polish-Italian architect Leandro Marconi the Bebrene Palace complex is located in a park one of the most expressive English style landscape parks in Latvia.The building currently houses the Bebrene secondary school.
 Uroleptus musculus is a species of protozoans.
 N.Y. Hanumanthappa (born 25 September 1939) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Chitradurga constituency of Karnataka and is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.Before his election to the Lok Sabha Hanumanthappa served as chief justice of the Orissa High Court having previously served on the High Courts of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.He will contest 2014 Loksabha election from Bellary constituency in Karnataka.
 The Illawarra Light Railway Museum operates a mainline 2 ft (610 mm) narrow gauge light railway a miniature 7 1⁄4 in (184 mm) gauge railway and a museum located near Albion Park Rail near Wollongong south of Sydney New South Wales
 Cosmosphere is the debut studio album of Jape released on the Volta Sounds label in 2003. The album received airplay on national radio on shows such as Donal Dineen's Here Comes the Night on Today FM. Like its successor The Monkeys in the Zoo Have More Fun Than Me which was released the following year it contains eight tracks. The album is thirty-three minutes in length.
 The Fell pony is a versatile working breed of mountain and moorland pony originating in the north of England in Cumberland and Westmorland (Cumbria) and Northumberland. It was originally bred on the fell farms of northwest England and is used as a riding and driving pony. The breed is closely related to its geographic neighbour the Dales pony but is a little smaller and more ponylike in build. The Fell pony is noted for hardiness agility strength and sure-footedness.
 Larry O. Sather is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He is a 1959 graduate of Huntingdon Area High School.He was first elected to represent the 81st legislative district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1992. He retired prior to the 2006 elections.
 Barend Willem Biesheuvel (April 5 1920 – April 29 2001) was a Dutch politician of the defunct Anti Revolutionary Party (ARP) now merged into the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from July 6 1971 until May 11 1973.A Civil servant and Trade Union Leader by occupation he was General Secretary of the Christian Farmers and Gardeners Association of the Netherlands (CBTB) from 1952 until 1959 and Chairman 1959 until 1963.
 Daryl D. Metcalfe (born November 9 1962) is an American politician currently serving in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. Metcalfe is a member of the Republican Party and has represented the 12th legislative district since 1999. He currently serves as the majority chairman of the House State Government Committee.
 Regie Sathanas: A Tribute to Cernunnos is an EP by Belgian black metal band Enthroned.
 Rahbar (Persian: رهبر‎ 'Guide') was an Iranian Persian language daily newspaper published from Tehran. It was the central organ of the communist Tudeh Party of Iran. The decision to launch Rahbar was taken at the First Party Conference held in October 1942 after that Abbas Iskandari the editor of erstwhile central organ of the party Siasat had been expelled from the party.
 Megacephala is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species:
 Cirkus Columbia is a 2010 Bosnian drama film starring Miki Manojlović Mira Furlan Boris Ler and Jelena Stupljanin. The film is set in the Herzegovina part of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the early 1990s after the dissolution of Yugoslavia and slightly before the Yugoslav Wars. It tells an emotional story of a man coming back to his hometown after many years abroad and dealing with his past and current family using the political dealings of the region as a backdrop.
 Paniewek [paˈɲɛvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Topólka 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Radziejów and 57 km (35 mi) south of Toruń.
 Major General Duncan Edward Lewis AO DSC CSC (born 1953) is the current Australian Ambassador to the Kingdom of Belgium the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg the European Union and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. He is a retired Australian Army officer and formerly Special Operations Commander Australia (2002–2004) National Security Advisor and Secretary of the Department of Defence.
 Love Is in the Air (French: Amour & turbulences) is a 2013 French romantic comedy film directed by Alexandre Castagnetti.
 The Queen Elizabeth II Reservoir lies to the south of the River Thames and to the west of the Island Barn Reservoir. To the north are the reservoirs of Bessborough and Knight. The A3050 runs to the north of the reservoir and it is situated in Walton on Thames. It is managed by Thames Water.The reservoir was authorised by an Act of Parliament in 1935 but construction was halted on the outbreak of World War II. Work did not begin again until 1957 and it was commissioned in 1962.
 Charles Frederick Houghton (27 April 1839 – 13 August 1898) was a Canadian rancher justice of the peace politician and soldier.
 The Eternal Moment and Other Stories is the title of a collection of short stories by E. M. Forster first published in 1928. It contains stories written between about 1903 and 1914. Together with the stories contained in The Celestial Omnibus (1911) it was collected as Forster's Collected Short Stories in 1947. Many of these stories deal with science fiction or supernatural themes.Includes: The Machine Stops The Point of It Mr.
 Sir Leo Victor de Gale GCMG (December 28 1921 – March 23 1986) was the first governor-general of Grenada from February 7 1974 to September 30 1978.Leo de Gale was born in St. Andrew's Parish near Grenville Grenada. He served as acting governor of Grenada for two weeks before it officially achieved independence in February 1974 and he became governor-general.
 St Thomas Church Southwark London England. The first church was part of the original St. Thomas' Hospital which was located to the area around the present St Thomas Street from the infirmary at St Mary Overie priory (see Southwark Cathedral) in 1212. The hospital was therefore also an Augustinian house. The hospital/ conventual precinct became a parish no later than 1496. It was named after Thomas Becket whose cult pilgrimage began at London Bridge for Canterbury.
 The White-browed Bulbul ( Pycnonotus luteolus) is a member of the bulbul family of passerine birds. It is a resident breeder in Sri Lanka and peninsular India. Largely olive coloured above with whitish underparts it has a pale supercilium and a yellow vent. They are found in dense scrub habitats where they skulk within vegetation and can be difficult to see although their loud and distinct burst of calls is distinctive.
 The Henderson House is a historic U.S. home located in Dumfries Virginia. Alexander Henderson built this home in the late 18th century. Alexander Henderson was the father of Archibald Henderson fifth Commandant of the Marine Corps.
 Pruszynek [pruˈʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 245.
 Suribong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 761 metres.
 Mikhail Mikhailovich Kasyanov (Russian: Михаи́л Миха́йлович Касья́нов - Russian pronunciation: [mʲɪxɐˈil mʲɪˈxajləvʲɪtɕ kɐˈsʲjanəf]; born 8 December 1957) is a Russian statesman and politician who was the Prime Minister of Russia from May 2000 to February 2004 and minister of finance in 1999-2000.
 Where the Spies Are is a 1965 MGM British comedy adventure film directed by Val Guest and featuring David Niven as Dr Jason Love Françoise Dorléac John Le Mesurier Cyril Cusack and Richard Marner. It was based on the James Leasor book Passport to Oblivion. MGM intended to make a Jason Love series but the idea was shelved.
 Maslavi (Persian: مصلاوي‎ also Romanized as Maşlāvī and Maslāvī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 823 in 185 families.
 The Mendon Center Historic District is a historic district encompassing the village center of Mendon Massachusetts and some of its surrounding rural areas. It is roughly bounded by Main Hastings Maple North Washington & George Streets. The village is centered on the triangle defined by Main Hastings and Maple Streets with dwellings built up on the roads that radiate away from this area.
 The Bucket Rider (Der Kübelreiter) is a story fragment by Franz Kafka written in 1921. It first appeared in the Prager Presse that year. It was published posthumously in Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer (Berlin 1931). The first English translation translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in The Great Wall of China. Stories and Reflections (New York: Schocken Books 1946).The story is about a man looking for coal to fill his bucket.
 Vike Church (Norwegian: Vike kyrkje) is a parish church in Vestnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Vikebukt. The church is part of the Vike parish in the Indre Romsdal deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white concrete church was built in 1970 by the architect O.S. Solheim. It has a free-standing steeple off of the southeast corner of the building. The church seats about 200 people.
 Peekaboo is the second studio album of the synthpop duo Marsheaux. It was issued in 2006 by Undo Records. Upon its release in Marsheaux's native Greece in December 2006 it earned positive reviews from music critics. The album was formally released in the UK on 9 April 2007. It has also sold well internationally on the internet principally in the UK and USA. Peekaboo is heavily influenced by the early analogue synthesizer works of Depeche Mode and The Human League.
 The Story of Tom Brennan is a 2005 Australian young adult novel written by J. C. Burke. It was named as book of the year for older readers by the Children's Book Council of Australia. The story follows Tom Brennan a 17-year-old boy known for his football skills.
 Kyle Jerome Kacal (born December 26 1969) is a self-employed rancher in College Station Texas who is Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 12 which includes parts of Brazos and McLennan counties as well as ther smaller Falls Limestone and Robertson counties in the east central portion of the state.
 Thallarcha mochlina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Turner in 1899. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Queensland.
 Fara (pronounced [ˈfaːɾa]) is a settlement just south of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
 The Philosopher's Stone is a compilation album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison released in 1998 (see 1998 in music).The songs released on this 2-CD thirty track album were previously unreleased outtakes from 1969 to 1988.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Măgura River in Romania.
 Van Halen II is the second album by American hard rock band Van Halen released in 1979. It peaked at #6 on the Billboard charts and spawned the singles Dance the Night Away and Beautiful Girls. To date it has sold over five million copies in the U.S. Critical reaction to the album has been positive as well with the The Rolling Stone Album Guide praising the feel-good party atmosphere of the songs.
 Szczupak [ˈʂt͡ʂupak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Cyców 19 km (12 mi) east of Łęczna and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Theon Junior is a lunar impact crater that is located just to the west-southwest of the crater Delambre. It forms a matching pair with Theon Senior only a couple of crater diameters to the north-northwest. The crater is circular and bowl-shaped with a small floor at the bottom of the high sloping interior walls. It is named for Theon of Alexandria a 4th-century Greek astronomer and mathematician. The crater is from the Eratosthenian period which lasted from 3.2 to 1.1 billion years ago.
 Injury Prevention is a peer-reviewed medical journal containing original research opinions and focus on the prevention of injuries in all age groups including child and adolescent injuries. It is published by the BMJ Group and the editor in chief is Brian Johnston. Injury Prevention is indexed by PubMed EMBASE/Excerpta Medica Scopus and the Web of Science.
 Nowe Opole [ˈnɔvɛ ɔˈpɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Siedlce and 81 km (50 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 800.
 The Plant is an unfinished epistolary serial novel published by Stephen King privately in 1982–85 and in 2000 as a commercial e-book. The novel is about an editor in a paperback publishing house who gets a manuscript from what appears to be a crackpot. The manuscript is about magic but it also contains photographs that seem very real. The editor writes the author a rejection slip but because of the photographs he also notifies the police where the author lives.
 William Tharp Watson (June 22 1849 – April 14 1917) was an American banker and politician from Milford in Kent County Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly and as Governor of Delaware.
 Queen of the Amazons is a 1947 adventure film directed by Edward Finney and featuring Robert Lowery Patricia Morison and J. Edward Bromberg.
 Splendrillia benthicola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 My Valentine Girls is a film released in 2011.Richard is a novelist who wants to write the perfect love story. The movie will then tell the trilogy of stories.
 Kowalki [kɔˈvalki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 It Comes Up Love is a 1943 American black and white musical comedy starring Gloria Jean Ian Hunter and Donald O'Connor. It is the only film starring Jean and O'Connor that doesn't also star Peggy Ryan another one of the talented teenagers at Universal Studios.
 Shirley J. McKague (born June 12 1935) is a Republican Idaho State Senator representing the 20th District (Meridian) since 2007. She previously served as an Idaho State Representative for Districts 14B and 20B from 1997 until her appointment to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Senator Gerry Sweet.
 Don Chan Palace is a hotel in Vientiane Laos established in 2004. The hotel is the tallest building in the city at 14 storeys. Legislation by the Vientiane government had attempted to ensure that the seven storey monument would remain the tallest building in the city but the hotel developers evaded legal restrictions by building the hotel on an outcrop along on the Mekong River. The rooms of the hotel are described by Frommers as having a muted colors with few traditional Lao furnishings.
 Bella Vista is a royal palace of the Nizam during the existence of Hyderabad State now located in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. It is the Indo-European building standing on a 10-acre (40000 m2) verdant campus. The building's French architect christened it as Bella Vista meaning beautiful sight since it overlooks the Hussain sagar lake. It is located at Saifabad suburb. It was modeled on the Henley-on-Thames of England.
 MirrorMask is a 2005 fantasy film designed and directed by Dave McKean and written by Neil Gaiman from a story they developed together starring Stephanie Leonidas Jason Barry Rob Brydon and Gina McKee. The music used in the film was composed by Iain Ballamy.The film's story revolves around a young girl named Helena Campbell who is sick of her family's career as circus performers.
 Does the Jazz Lead to Destruction? is a 1919 Australian silent film about the jazz craze. It is considered a lost film.
 The Fort Payne Opera House located at 510 Gault Avenue North in Fort Payne DeKalb County in the U.S. state of Alabama built during the industrial boom in 1889. The Fort Payne Opera House is the only one in the State of Alabama still in use. The establishment has been used as a movie theater live theater and a public forum. The Opera House still hosts live theatrical events and is on the National Register of Historic Places and the National Register of 19th Century Theaters in America.
 Parapsilorhynchus is a genus of cyprinid fishes endemic to India. There are currently four described species in this genus.
 909 Walnut (formerly Fidelity National Bank & Trust Building Federal Office Building and 911 Walnut) is a twin-spire 32-story 471-foot (144 m) converted structure in Kansas City that is Missouri's tallest apartment building and 10th-tallest habitable building in Missouri.
 The Mandel is a 40 km (25 mi) long river in the Belgian province of West Flanders left tributary of the Leie (Lys). Its source is located in Passendale. It flows through Roeselare and Ingelmunster and flows into the Leie near Waregem.
 Rockland Almshouse is an historic almshouse at 198 Spring Street in Rockland Massachusetts.The structure was built in 1876 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983. It is currently used as an educational facility.
 Dil Ek Mandir ('Heart is a Temple') is a 1963 Hindi movie directed by C. V. Sridhar. The film stars Rajendra Kumar Meena Kumari Raaj Kumar and Mehmood. The film's music is by Shankar Jaikishan. Almost all the songs of the film were big hits and so was the film too. The film was a remake of Tamil film Nenjil Or Aalayam (1962) also directed by C. V. Sridhar.
 Sunday Sport is a British tabloid newspaper published by Sport Newspapers which was established in 1986. It prints plainly ludicrous stories such as a double-decker London bus being found frozen in the Antarctic ice or a World War II bomber found on the moon. Defenders of the paper pointed out that it was not intended to be taken seriously. Its controversial content also includes a high quotient of softcore female nudity and extensive advertising for sexual services.
 Hutchinson Farm is a historic farm in Elizabeth Township Allegheny County Pennsylvania. The farmhouse was built in 1865 in a vernacular Victorian style. The farm is adjacent to the Van Kirk Farm which is also listed on the National Register.The Hutchinson Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 19 1986.
 William Owen Smith (1848–1929) was a lawyer from a family of American missionaries who participated in the overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii. He served as attorney general for the entire duration of the provisional Government of Hawaii and the Republic of Hawaii.
 The São Domingos Grande River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Spanish Dancer (1923) is a silent costume epic starring Pola Negri as a gypsy fortune teller Antonio Moreno as a romantic count and Wallace Beery as the king of Spain. The movie was directed by Herbert Brenon and also features a five-year-old Anne Shirley appearing under the name Dawn O'Day. This film survives today.Restored by the EYE Film Institute in the Netherlands the movie was shown at the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C.
 El Jefe is a 1958 Argentine film.
 Lake Saint Francis (in French: Lac Saint-François) is a lake which borders southeastern Ontario southwestern Quebec and northern New York State. It is located on the Saint Lawrence River between Lake Ontario and Montreal. The lake forms part of the Saint Lawrence Seaway.The city of Salaberry-de-Valleyfield is located at the east end of the lake.Lac Saint-François National Wildlife Area located on the south shore of the lake protects wetlands located on the shores of the lake.
 Hillsong Church Cape Town is a Pentecostal Christian church affiliated with the Assemblies of God and is the South African offshoot of Hillsong Church in Sydney Australia. The church is pastored by former Hillsong United pastor Phil Dooley who moved to Cape Town in March 2008.
 Moro Rock is a granite dome rock formation in Sequoia National Park California USA. It is located in the center of the park at the head of Moro Creek between Giant Forest and Crescent Meadow. A stairway designed by the National Park Service and built in the 1930s by the Civilian Conservation Corps is cut into and poured onto the rock so that visitors can hike to the top. The view from the rock encompasses much of the Park including the Great Western Divide.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 The Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre is a convention and exhibition centre in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia and part of the Kuala Lumpur City Centre precinct known as KLCC.
 Kotowina [kɔtɔˈvina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bakałarzewo 17 km (11 mi) west of Suwałki and 111 km (69 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Fissure Glacier is located in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated east of Lowary Peak in the Mission Range.
 Ya-da-villi village is located in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh. There is another village in West Godavari district in the same state.
 Glenn Miller is an album by bandleader Glenn Miller released on RCA Victor in 1945 consisting of a collection of four 10 78 discs released as RCA Victor P148 as part of the Victor Musical Smart Set series. The album was number one for a total of 16 weeks on the newly created Billboard album charts in 1945. The album was certified Gold in July 1968 by the RIAA. The album is also known under the title Glenn Miller & His Orchestra.
 Babelomurex pallox is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Joseph-Fernand Fafard (25 August 1882 – 14 May 1955) was a Laurier Liberal then a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in L'Islet Quebec and became a land surveyor.Fafard attended L'Islet College and Levis College. In 1901 he surveyed land in Alberta and Saskatchewan for his probationary course and in 1905 earned his diploma.
 Magazin BIT (English: Magazine BIT) is a Montenegrin monthly magazine. It started out in 2006 as the first Montenegrin ICT magazine. In September 2009 it celebrated three years of publishing thus entering its fourth year as only IT technologies oriented paper magazine in Montenegro with stable sources of funding and thousands of readers and subscribers.
 Manners is the debut studio album by American electropop band Passion Pit released on May 15 2009 by Frenchkiss Records and Columbia Records. The Reeling was released as the album's lead single on May 11 2009 and its music video premiered on YouTube on April 21 2009. A second single To Kingdom Come was released in August 2009 followed by Little Secrets in December 2009.
 The Four Feathers is a 1929 American war film directed by Merian C. Cooper and starring Fay Wray. The picture has the distinction of being one of the last major Hollywood pictures of the silent era although it was also released by Paramount Pictures in a version with a Movietone soundtrack with music and sound effects only. The film is the third of numerous film versions of the 1902 novel of the same name written by A.E.W.
 Gozdków [ˈɡɔstkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Witonia 14 km (9 mi) north of Łęczyca and 46 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Old New Ballads Blues is a 2006 album by Northern Irish blues guitarist and singer Gary Moore.
 The Vonț River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Daily Barometer is an independent campus newspaper of Oregon State University in Corvallis Oregon. It is published five days a week during the fall winter and spring quarters and weekly during the summer.
 The Dancing House (Czech: Tančící dům) or Fred and Ginger is the nickname given to the Nationale-Nederlanden building in Prague Czech Republic at Rašínovo nábřeží (Rašín's riverbank). It was designed by the Croatian-Czech architect Vlado Milunić in co-operation with the renowned Canadian-American architect Frank Gehry on a vacant riverfront plot.
 The Consul of Sodom (Spanish: El Cónsul de Sodoma) is a 2009 Spanish film directed by Sigfrid Monleón and starring Jordi Mollà. It is a biopic of the Catalan poet Jaime Gil de Biedma based on a biography written by Miguel Dalmau.
 The Beatnuts (sometimes called Street Level) is the full-length debut album by hip hop trio The Beatnuts. It was released on June 21 1994 by Relativity Records just a year after their debut EP Intoxicated Demons. Psycho Dwarf is the only song found on both the EP and the album. The album is produced by The Beatnuts themselves as well as V.I.C. and Lucien. It features guest appearances by Grand Puba Miss Jones and DJ Sinister amongst others.
 Wełecz [ˈvɛwɛt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Busko-Zdrój and 47 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 560.
 The Cruise of the Breadwinner is a novella by the British author H. E. Bates. It was first published in 1946 and has been printed a number of times since. Much like the acclaimed novel Fair Stood the Wind for France it is one of Bates' war-oriented pieces.
 The Temple Gardens Mineral Spa Resort is a 4 star[citation needed] (Canada Select Rating) hotel located in downtown Moose Jaw Saskatchewan Canada. The resort features a roof top indoor/outdoor mineral pools and is connected to Casino Moose Jaw. In 1910 drillers looking for oil hit the hot springs that service the hotel remains of an ancient seabed.
 Development Policy Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Overseas Development Institute (ODI). The journal was established in 1966. The journal covers development policy topics such as agriculture finance economics and poverty.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.522 ranking it 12th out of 54 journals in the category Planning & Development.
 Agustín Oscar Rossi (born October 18 1959) also known by his nickname El Chivo Rossi is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician from Santa Fe Province. He was elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies in 2005 and served as leader of the majority Front for Victory caucus in said house. Rossi was appointed Minister of Defense in June 2013.
 Ryōsen-ji (霊山寺) is a Buddhist temple in Nara Japan. Founded in the eighth century the Hondō is a National Treasure and a number of other buildings and temple treasures have been designated Important Cultural Properties.
 Common names: Querétaro dusky rattlesnake Queretaran dusky rattlesnakeCrotalus aquilus is a venomous pit viper species found in the highlands of central Mexico. No subspecies is currently recognized. The specific name aquilus is Latin for eagle and refers to the high altitude at which this species is found.
 Bennelongia is a genus of ostracod crustacean in the family Cyprididae. It is probably endemic to Australia and New Zealand and is predicted to be highly diverse. The genus was described in 1981 after Woollarawarre Bennelong who is the first aboriginal to have a long association with the early European settlers of Australia. Prior to 2012 six species were described in Australia. There are currently 15 species of Bennelongia.
 The Palace of the Soviets (Russian: Дворец Советов Dvorets Sovetov) was a project to construct an administrative center and a congress hall in Moscow Russia near the Kremlin on the site of the demolished Cathedral of Christ the Saviour. The architectural contest for the Palace of the Soviets (1931–1933) was won by Boris Iofan's neoclassical concept subsequently revised by Iofan Vladimir Shchuko and Vladimir Gelfreikh into a supertall skyscraper.
 Urusei Yatsura (うる星やつら) is a comedic manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi and serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday from 1978 to 1987. Its 374 individual chapters were published in 34 tankōbon volumes. It is the story of Ataru Moroboshi and the alien Lum who believes she is Ataru's wife after he accidentally proposes to her. The series makes heavy use of Japanese mythology culture and puns.
 Nijiiro Prism Girl (にじいろ☆プリズムガール) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by An Nakahara. An OVA adaptation has been released.
 The Temple Downtown (historically known as the Scottish Rite Temple) is a historic former masonic building in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built to serve as the meeting place for the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. The building was designed by George Bigelow Rogers a local Mobile architect who was responsible for designing many of the city's buildings during this period. The cornerstone was laid on November 30 1921 with the building completed in 1922.
 The Coacăza River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
 Gerrit de Graeff (III.) van Zuid-Polsbroek (February 24 1766 Amsterdam – December 16 1814) was a member of an influential regent family of Amsterdam who have played an important role in the Dutch Golden Age.
 Gora Veternička is a village in Croatia.
 Bakhtiaran (Persian: بختياران‎ also Romanized as Bakhtīārān) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 62 families.
 K.C. Tyagi (born 10 December 1950) is an Indian politician who is a member of Parliament Rajya Sabha (the upper house of Indian Parliament) from Bihar and also the Chief General Secretary and National Spokesperson representing Janata Dal (United). He is also the Chairman of Parliamentary standing committee on industry. He was a member of the Lok Sabha between 1989 and 1991 & Chairman of Committee on paper to laid on table (lok sabha).
 Macho like Me is a documentary film directed and performed by Helie Lee. She performs a social experiment where she by cutting her hair and changing her wardrobe to men’s clothes transforming her appearance from an established woman into a “man” and takes a step into the masculine world. The documentary is a mix of raw documentary footage and a live presentation and was presented at SDAFF and DC APA in 2010.
 The Wizard of Linn is a science fiction novel written by A. E. van Vogt and a sequel to Empire of the Atom. The novel was originally serialized in the science fiction magazine Astounding Science Fiction (April - June 1950). It was subsequently published in Germany in 1961 by Terra Sonderband as Der Zauberer Von Linn.
 Kentucky Pride is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by John Ford. A print of the film exists at the Museum of Modern Art film archive.
 Głęboczyca [ɡwɛmbɔˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dobre 20 km (12 mi) north of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 47 km (29 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Alakol Lake (Kazakh: Алакөл Turkic motley lake) is a lake located in the Almaty and Shyghyz provinces east central Kazakhstan. Its elevation is 347 m (1138 ft) above sea level.The lake is the northwest extension of the region known as the Dzhungarian Gate (Alataw Pass) a narrow valley connects the southern uplands of Kazakhstan with arid northwest China.
 The Rudi River is a tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.
 Beginners is a 2010 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Mike Mills.
 Thomas W. Tom Corbett (born June 17 1949) is an American politician who is the 46th and current Governor of Pennsylvania. A member of the Republican Party Corbett was first elected Governor in 2010 and was sworn into office on January 18 2011.Born in Philadelphia Pennsylvania Corbett is the graduate of the St.
 Parliament museum is a museum in the Parliament of India Library Building in New Delhi close to the Sansad Bhavan. It was inaugurated by then Speaker of Lok Sabha on 29 December 1989 in Parliament House Annexe subsequently it shifted to its present in a Special Hall of the Sansadiya Gyanpeeth Parliament Library Building where it was inaugurated on 7 May 2002 by President of India K. R. Narayanan. The interactive museum was inaugurated by President A.P.J.
 Sia Kangri (7442 m 24370 ft) is a mountain in the Baltoro Muztagh in the Karakoram. Its summit is on the Tibet (China) and Pakistan border. It is the 63rd highest mountain in the world and the 25th highest in Pakistan. The peak is on the watershed between the Indus River basin and the Tarim Basin. Indira Col is 3 km to the east.
 St. Simon & St. Jude Church known colloquially as Tignish Church is a 19th-century Roman Catholic church located in Tignish parish Prince Edward Island Canada. As of 2006 it is the single largest church on Prince Edward Island measuring 185 feet high. It can be clearly seen for 6 miles on flat land and for many more miles at sea.
 Odour of Chrysanthemums is a 2002 short film directed by Mark Partridge and based on the short story by D. H. Lawrence.
 Matthew J. Matt Lohr (born August 28 1971) is an American politician. Lohr served in the Virginia House of Delegates from 2006–2010 representing the 26th district in the Shenandoah Valley made up of the city of Harrisonburg and part of Rockingham County. From May 1 2010 until December 16 2013 he served as the 14th Commissioner of the Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services under Governor Robert F. McDonnell.
 Dead End EP was released by Kristofer Åström together with Hidden Truck in 2003 on Startracks.
 The Original Fleetwood Mac is a compilation album by blues rock band Fleetwood Mac first released in 1971. It consists of various outtakes recorded by the first incarnation of the band in 1967–68. The album was re-released in 2000 with four extra tracks and re-released in 2004 with seven further tracks.
 The Father-Thing is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Gollancz in 1989 and reprints Volume III of The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick. It had not previously been published as a stand-alone volume.
 The First Turn-On! is a 1983 comedy film directed by Lloyd Kaufman and Michael Herz of Troma Entertainment. It was the last in a series of four sexy comedies that helped establish Troma as a film studio starting with 1979's Squeeze Play! 1981's Waitress! and 1982's Stuck on You!.The First Turn-On! is usually considered by Troma fans to be the best of the company's sexy comedies.
 Nurhachius was a genus of istiodactylid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Barremian-Aptian-age Lower Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation of Chaoyang Liaoning China. The genus was named in 2005 by Wang Xiaolin Alexander Kellner Zhou Zhonge and Diogenes de Almeida Campos. The type species is Nurhachius ignaciobritoi. The genus name refers to Nurhaci the first khan of the Qing Dynasty whose original power base encompassed the region where the fossil was found.
 Thunder is a 1929 American silent melodrama film starring Lon Chaney and directed by William Nigh. The film has no audible dialogue but featured a synchronized musical score and sound effects. Thunder was Chaney's penultimate film appearance and his last silent film.The majority of Thunder is now considered lost with only a half a reel of the entire footage known to survive.
 The river Ternoise is one of the small chalk streams that flow from the plateau of the southern Boulonnais and Picardy via the Canche into the English Channel. The basin of the Ternoise extends to 342 km² and lies in the southern end of the département of Pas-de-Calais. It is one of the rivers of the Seven Valleys tourist area and gives its name to the Ternois area.
 Deshonra is a 1952 Argentine film.
 Siah Khan (Persian: سياه خان‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Khān; also known as Deh-e Sīāh Khān) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.
 History hits & highlights '68–'76 is a 2 disc DVD release by Deep Purple.This is vol. 3 in a series of DVD archive releases aimed to provide Deep Purple fans with DVDs rounding up as much rare footage from the 1968-1976 era as possible. The vol.
 The Shawsheen River is a 26.7-mile-long (43.0 km) tributary of the Merrimack River in northeast Massachusetts. The name has had various spellings. According to Bailey's history of Andover the spelling Shawshin was the most common in the old records although Shawshine Shashin Shashine Shashene Shawshene and later Shawsheen are found.
 Laquea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 El Derecho de gozar is a 1968 Argentine film.
 Rhynchonelloidella alemanica is a species of extinct small-sized brachiopod a marine rhynchonellate lampshell in the family Rhynchonellidae. It is roughly 9/16 inch (1.4 cm) and has about 15 ribs fanning out from the hinge.
 Love Never Fails is the fifth album by American Christian rock singer B. E. Taylor. It was released in November 2006. The album features two covers and remakes of three songs B.E. co-wrote while in the B. E. Taylor Group whilst the rest are all original recordings. Surprisingly unlike his previous albums it features few contributions from outside musicians and Taylor does almost all of the backing vocals.The album title is taken from the first book of Corinthians chapter 13 verse 8.
 For other uses see Santa Maria degli Angeli (disambiguation).The Basilica of Santa Maria degli Angeli (Saint Mary of the Angels) is a church situated in the plain at the foot of the hill of Assisi Italy in the frazione of Santa Maria degli Angeli.The basilica was constructed in the Mannerist style between 1569 and 1679 enclosing the 9th century little church the Porziuncola the most sacred place for the Franciscans.
 Habermann (Czech: Habermannův mlýn) is a 2010 Czech-German-Austrian drama film directed by Juraj Herz. In the story a German mill owner in the Sudetenland and his family's lives are changed as Europe heats up in 1938.
 First published on 3 April 1925 Farrago is Australia's oldest student newspaper. Farrago is published by the Melbourne University Student Union.
 Hirvijärvi Reservoir (Finnish: Hirvijärven tekojärvi) is medium-sized lake in the Lapuanjoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Southern Ostrobothnia in the municipality of Seinäjoki Finland.
 Jabłoń-Zambrowizna [ˈjabwɔɲ zambrɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The Seattle Weekly is a freely distributed newspaper in Seattle Washington United States. It was founded by Darrell Oldham and David Brewster as The Weekly. Its first issue came out on March 31 1976.
 Piz Pisoc is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps overlooking Tarasp in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. With an elevation of 3173 metres above sea level it is the highest summit of the Sesvenna Range west of Pass Costainas (2251 metres) and the second highest summit of the whole range.The east side of Piz Pisoc is part of the Swiss National Park.
 The House at 7 Salem Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is a transitional Greek Revival/Italianate style house built c. 1855-87. The 2.5 story wood frame house has a typical Greek Revival side hall plan with door and window surrounds that are also typical to that style. However it also bears clear Italianate styling with the arched window in the gable and the paired brackets in the eaves.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Abkuh Aliabad (Persian: ابكوه علي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ābḵūh ‘Alīābād) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Kashmar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Rui Duarte de Barros is the Transitional Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau since May 16 2012.
 Robert A. Dressler (born August 26 1945) is a lawyer and politician. His most prominent public office was mayor of Fort Lauderdale Florida.
 Keith Harding (born 1938) is a Scottish politician. He was a Conservative and Unionist Member of the Scottish Parliament for Mid Scotland and Fife from 1999 to 2003. He was leader of Stirling Council from 1991 to 1995. After being elected to Holyrood he was the Conservative spokesman on local government and housing.Prior to the 2003 election he was moved from first to fifth place on the Conservative's list for Mid Scotland and Fife.
 Die Woch (Yiddish: די וואָך 'The Week') was a Yiddish-language weekly newspaper published from Tel-Aviv. The newspaper was founded on March 22 1959 as a 12-page tabloid. Die Woch was an organ of Mapai. Y. Magen was the editor of the newspaper. The newspaper was sold for 200 Israeli pruta.
 Interpretaciones del Oso is a remix album by Minus the Bear released on February 20 2007 through Suicide Squeeze Records. Various artists reinterpreted and remixed songs from their second full-length Menos el Oso. Interpretaciones del Oso means Interpretations of the Bear in Spanish.
 Ainehvand-e Abdollah (Persian: اينه وندعبدالله‎ also Romanized as Aīnehvand-e ʿAbdollah) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District Ozgoleh District Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 21 families.
 Manuel Gual Vidal (3 August 1903 – 7 August 1954) was a Mexican jurist and educator. In 1944 he served as rector of the National Autonomous University of Mexico and later secretary of public education.
 Augustus Howland House is a historic home located at Sherwood in Cayuga County New York. It is an Italianate style dwelling built about 1850. It is a 2 1⁄2-story six bays wide and three bays deep heavy timber frame dwelling topped by a low pitched hipped roof. It is sheathed in clapboard and features a two bay wide front pavilion.
 Ginsburgellus novemlineatus the Nineline goby is a species of goby native to tropical reefs of the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea. It is frequently found associated with the sea urchin Echinometra lucunter living underneath the urchin. This species grows to a length of 2.5 centimetres (0.98 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Eupithecia depressa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Shansi).
 The Order Trigonotarbida is an extinct group of arachnids whose fossil record extends from the late Silurian to the early Permian (c. 419 to 290 million years ago). These animals are known from several localities in Europe and North America as well as a single record from Argentina. Trigonotarbids can be envisaged as spider-like arachnids but without silk-producing spinnerets.
 Not to be confused with The Man Who Explained Miracles a non-fiction book about CarrThe Men Who Explained Miracles first published in 1963 is a volume of short stories written by John Dickson Carr; the stories feature his series detectives Gideon Fell Henry Merrivale and Colonel March of the Department of Queer Complaints. This volume of short stories is of the mystery genre most of the type known as a whodunnit.
 Lee Bum Suk (1925–1983 revised romanization I Beom-seok) was the Foreign Minister of South Korea from 1982 until his death. He was among the victims of the Rangoon bombing in 1983.He graduated from Korea University in 1946 and attended University of Maryland in 1961 and George Washington University in 1963.
 Indonesia Calling is a 1946 Australian short documentary film directed by Joris Ivens and produced by the then Waterside Workers' Federation.
 Dimorphic Cynosure is the fifth studio album by the Austrian death metal band Thirdmoon released through Maintain Records in 2007.
 Kasmodiah is an album written by Deine Lakaien. It was released in 1999.
 Sahebabad (Persian: صاحب اباد‎ also Romanized as Şāḩebābād; also known as Sāhibābād) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 282 in 66 families.
 Hanza Tower is a proposed skyscraper in Szczecin Poland. Still under construction it will stand where the destroyed clothing factory Dana used to stand. It will be in the shape of a sail and have 28 floors including 3 underground. The tower will be the tallest building between Gdynia and Berlin. The project has suffered delays and is scheduled to be completed in 2015 or mid 2016.
 Miroslav Macek (born 7 December 1944 in Litomyšl Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia) is a politician and former deputy prime minister of the Czech Republic.A former dentist Macek is well known for his association with current Czech President Václav Klaus his deep implication in the occult funding of Klaus' ODS party his attempt to privatise for himself a large publishing company.In May 2006 Macek made international news when coming from behind he struck the Minister of Health David Rath at a dentists' conference accusing him of having insulted his wife (after Rath had publicly stated that Macek had married his wife for money).
 Archips naltarica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India (Jammu and Kashmir).The wingspan is about 23 millimetres (0.91 in) for females and about 20 mm for males. The ground colour of the forewings is glossy cream with an indistinct pinkish hue. The hindwings are cream orange but paler basally. Males are darker than females and have more brown markings.
 Edward E. Ted Kaufman (born March 15 1939) is an American politician who served as a United States Senator from Delaware from 2009 to 2010. Since 2010 he has chaired the Congressional Oversight Panel in the United States federal government; he is the second person to hold that post succeeding inaugural holder Elizabeth Warren.
 Bandar-e Bostanu (Persian: بندربستانو‎ also Romanized as Bandar-e Bostānū; also known as Bastaneh Bostāneh Bostānū Bustani Būstānu and Postānū) is a village in Behdasht Rural District Kushk-e Nar District Parsian County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 642 in 119 families.
 Auchmophanes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Grand Som Martel (1337 m) is a mountain of the Jura located between Le Locle and Les Ponts-de-Martel in the canton of Neuchâtel.
 Tony Fulton (born September 29 1972) is a former member of the Nebraska Legislature from Lincoln Nebraska. Born in Auburn Nebraska he graduated from Auburn Senior High School in 1990. He graduated from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln in 1997. He was appointed to the Nebraska Legislature on January 3 2007 by Governor Dave Heineman to replace Mike Foley who was elected as State Auditor. He won election convincingly in 2008. He serves Nebraska's 29th legislative district.
 The Levine Children's Hospital is a 234 bed pediatric hospital located on the campus of Carolinas Medical Center in Charlotte North Carolina. The hospital opened its doors in October 2007. It is named after businessman Leon Levine. The hospital has a Pediatric Cardiovascular ICU that can serve up to 4 open heart surgeries a day. The 20 bed unit is shared with a 10 bed Pediatric ICU. The PICU can over flow to 14 beds for additional patient care.
 The Oubangui Mouse (Mus oubanguii) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Central African Republic.Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 Nuclear Medicine and Biology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier that covers research on all aspects of nuclear medicine including radiopharmacology radiopharmacy and clinical studies of targeted radiotracers. It is the official journal of the Society of Radiopharmaceutical Sciences . According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 3.023.
 Gökçealan is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 The Stephen Collins Foster Memorial is a performing arts center museum and archive at the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA.It is a contributing property to the Schenley Farms National Historic District is designated as a Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historical Landmark and is a landmark whose significance is designated by a Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission Historical Marker.
 Roch Lanctôt (January 30 1866 – May 30 1929) was a Canadian politician.Born in Saint-Constant Canada East Lanctôt was educated at the University of Ottawa. A farmer by occupation he was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the electoral district of Laprairie—Napierville in the general elections of 1904. A Liberal he was re-elected in 1908 1911 1917 1921 1925 and 1926. He died in office in 1929.
 Philodromus is a genus of philodromid crab spiders.Spiders in this genus are distinctively flattened.The more than 250 described species are distributed throughout the Holarctic region with few species reaching into more southern regions. Some are found in certain parts of Africa with sporadic species occurring up to Australia. Only one species (P. traviatus) is found in (northern) South America. 16 species occur in Central Europe.
 Carposina zymota is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1910. It is found in New Guinea and northern Australia.
 Paul Edward Osborne (born ca. 1939) is a realtor who served as the mayor of Campbellsville in Taylor County in central Kentucky from 1999 to 2002.A Democrat Osborne unseated the 33-year-incumbent Robert L. Miller in the election held on November 2 1998. Miller was also a Democrat but the municipal offices in Campbellsville are elected on a nonpartisan basis.
 Brenthia virginalis is a species of moth of the Choreutidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Never Cry Wolf is a fictionalized account of the author’s actual experience observing wolves in sub-Arctic Canada [1] by Farley Mowat first published in 1963 by McClelland and Stewart. It was adapted into a film of the same name in 1983. It has been credited for dramatically changing the public image of the wolf to a more positive one.
 Devlin is a compilation album by American guitarist Tony Rice released on October 25 1990. It contains tracks included on Rice's previous albums Mar West and Still Inside. Both albums were credited to The Tony Rice Unit. The reissue does not include the songs Mar East Mister Diffenbach and Tzigani.
 Dahiru Musdapher (born 15 July 1942) is a Nigerian jurist. In 2011 he was appointed the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Nigeria. He previously served as Chief Judge of the Kano State Judiciary from 1979 to 1985 and as a member of the Court of Appeal from 1985 until 2003. He is presently the acting Chief Justice of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
 Bruce W. Goodwin (born September 8 1949)[citation needed] is an American politician formerly serving as a state representative in the Ohio House of Representatives and is also a former educator.
 Hubbs House is at 4th & Golconda Streets in Kingman Arizona. The home was built in 1893 and is of the Queen Anne style. Harvey Hubbs most likely designed the home John Mulligan & William Aitken were the contractors. Early adobe construction the home had adobe with clapboard siding. House consider upper class on the south side of Kingman. Harvey Hubbs and his family are an important Kingman family.
 Winnipegoceras is an extinct nautiloid genus from the Ordovician belonging to the Order Discosorida.
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
 High Gear is the first studio album by hard rock band Howe II released in 1989 through Shrapnel Records. Howe II was a short-lived group fronted by guitarist Greg Howe and his brother Albert a singer.
 John N. Scales is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate serving from 1973 to 1974.
 Austrodiscus lopesi is a fossil species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae from the Paleocene deposits of the Itaboraí Basin in Brazil.
 Signs is a 2002 American science fiction thriller film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan. Executive producers for the film comprised Shyamalan Frank Marshall Kathleen Kennedy and Sam Mercer. On August 2 2002 the original motion picture soundtrack which was composed by James Newton Howard was released by the Hollywood Records label.
 The Swamp Partridge or Swamp Francolin (Francolinus gularis) is a species of partridge found in parts of India Nepal and Bangladesh mostly in the Ganges and Brahmaputra valleys.
 Kiss the Bride is a 2002 film about an Italian family directed by Vanessa Parise.
 The Wesachewan River is a short river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Census Division No. 22 - Thompson-North Central Northern Region Manitoba Canada. It flows 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) out of Vermilyea Lake via twin channels which combine at 54°30′31″N 94°44′28″W then flows over the Namaykos Rapids and empties into Wesachewan Bay on Gods Lake.
 Lake Wimauma on the south side of the town of Wimauma Florida could be considered two lakes basically round in shape. When the water level is high they are connected by a short narrow channel. The south part of the lake is much larger than the northern part. Lake Wimauma has a 108-acre (440000 m2) surface area. To the north of the northern part is Florida State Route 674. The entire lake is surrounded by trees grassland and a scattering of residences.
 The Cubic River is a tributary of the Ier River in Romania.
 Nicolai is a lunar crater that is located in the southern hemisphere of the Moon in a region that is less disturbed by significant impacts than most of the highlands. The nearest craters of note are Spallanzani to the south and the much larger Maurolycus and Barocius to the east. The crater is named after the 19th-century German astronomer Friedrich Bernhard Gottfried Nicolai.
 Feels So Good is the fifth album by jazz saxophonist Grover Washington Jr.. recorded and released in 1975. The album topped both the soul and jazz albums charts and peaked at number ten on the pop album charts in the U.S.
 Dasarth Deb (2 February 1916 –October 14 1998) (Bengali: দশরথ দেব) was a political leader in the Indian state of Tripura. He was a leader of the Ganamukti Parishad and the Communist Party of India (Marxist). He was elected to the Lok Sabha in 1952 1957 1962 and 1971 from Tripura East constituency. He was also the vice-president of All India Kisan Sabha and the first and yet only tribal Chief Minister of Tripura.
 Mitchell County Courthouse in Beloit Kansas is a Richardsonian Romanesque building built in 1901. It was designed by J.C. Holland. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Gómez Residencia in Mayagüez Puerto Rico was built in 1933. It was designed by architect Francisco Porrata Doria in a Mission/Spanish Revival Neo-Andalusi style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Caverns is a 1989 novel written collaboratively as an experiment by Ken Kesey and a creative writing class that he taught at the University of Oregon. The cover of the book says it was written by O.U. Levon—the name of this supposed author spelled backwards is novel U.O. (University of Oregon). The full list of authors is: Robert Blucher Ben Bochner James Finley Jeff Forester Bennett Huffman Lynn Jeffress Ken Kesey Neil Lidstrom H.
 Perisyntrocha is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Dirdir is the third science fiction adventure novel in the tetralogy Tschai Planet of Adventure. Written by Jack Vance it tells of the efforts of the sole survivor of the destruction of a human starship to return to Earth from the distant planet Tschai.
 Oku-sama wa Joshi Kōsei (おくさまは女子高生 lit. The Lady of the House is a High School Girl) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiyoko Kobayashi centering around a couple whose age difference makes it difficult for them to further their relationship as one is a high school girl and the other is her physics teacher. The series first began as a manga serialized in Young Jump published by Shueisha.
 Decker Peak at 10704 feet (3263 m) above sea level is the third highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. The peak is located 2.3 mi (3.7 km) south-southwest of Mount Cramer its line parent. It is the 204th highest peak in Idaho.
 The Hemlock Angle (Macaria fissinotata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Nova Scotia to Georgia west to Kentucky north to Ontario.The wingspan is 22–25 mm. The moth flies from May to September and from May to July in Quebec.Its Latin name fissinotata is composed of the Latin word fissus (meaning cleaved or split) and notatus (mark).
 Feuillée is a small lunar impact crater in the eastern part of the Mare Imbrium. It lies less than a half crater diameter to the northwest of Beer and the two formations form a nearly matched pair. To the west is the small but prominent crater Timocharis.Like Beer Feuillée is a circular bowl-shaped formation with a small interior floor at the midpoint of the sloping inner walls. This sharp-edged crater is not notably worn or eroded and lacks any distinguishing features.
 Adventures in Perception is a 1971 Dutch short documentary film directed by Han Van Gelder. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. and won the Best Short Film on Art at the 1971 Cork Film Festival. It is a study on the works of M. C. Escher
 Moonlight in Vermont is the title of a 1943 American musical dramatic film. Vermont farm girl Gwen Harding goes a dance school in the city. She becomes semi-popular. Farm problems conflict with dance school life and even though her new friends try to help out other problems including a vindictive romantic rival arise.
 Moiwana is a Maroon village in the Marowijne district in the east of Suriname.The village was the scene of the Moiwana massacre on November 29 1986 during the Suriname Guerrilla War between the Surinamese military regime headed by Dési Bouterse and the Jungle Commando led by Ronnie Brunswijk. The army attacked the village killing at least 35 of the inhabitants mostly women and children and burning the house of Ronnie Brunswijk.
 Blanding's turtle (Emys blandingii or Emydoidea blandingii ) is a semi-aquatic turtle of the family Emydidae. This North American turtle is considered to be an endangered species throughout much of its range.
 Jean Asselborn (born 27 April 1949) is a Luxembourgish politician who has served in the government of Luxembourg as Minister for Foreign Affairs and Immigration since 2004. He also served as Deputy Prime Minister from 2004 to 2013 under Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker.Born at Steinfort Jean Asselborn obtained a diplôme de fin d’études secondaires from the Athénée de Luxembourg in 1976. In October 1981 he was awarded a master’s degree in private judicial law from the University Nancy II.
 Jądrowice [jɔndrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Timia jakowlewi is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae.
 New Harbour Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Fall River Massachusetts United States at the intersection of Route 24 and Route 81. Opened in 1971 the mall is noted for having once been the only shopping center in the United States to feature rival department store chains Kmart and Walmart as its anchor stores.
 Douglas William Doug Sutherland (born 23 September 1932) is an Australian businessman former Lord Mayor of Sydney and founding member of 'Australians for Constitutional Monarchy' and who was a delegate at the 1998 Constitutional Convention.
 The Lovemaster is a 1997 American comedy film directed by Michael Goldberg and starring Craig Shoemaker Courtney Thorne-Smith George Wendt and Richard Singer.
 The Alexander Marsh House is a historic house at 57 Elm Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 1.5 story Greek Revival cottage was built in 1848 by Levi Lincoln Jr. and is a well-preserved and relatively unaltered instance of what was then a widely popular form. The house has a typical side hall plan with an entry framed by sidelight windows with full-length windows to the entry's right. The front-facing gable end is fully pedimented and the porch is supported by fluted Doric columns.
 Aéromusical is the first studio album by the French power pop group Superbus released in 2002. It reached 96th place on the French album charts. It consists of 11 original songs and one cover (Into the Groove originally by Madonna).
 Błotno [ˈbwɔtnɔ] (German: Friedrichsberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Nowogard 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Goleniów and 48 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Frăsinet River is a tributary of the Teslui River in Romania.
 Ink: The Book of All Hours 2 is a speculative fiction novel by Hal Duncan.It is Duncan's second novel and a sequel to Vellum: The Book of All Hours. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Pan Macmillan in February 2007 and later that same month in the USA by Del Rey an imprint of Random House.
 Nevado Copa is a mountain in the Andes of Peru. It has a height of 6188 metres.
 Now and Zen is an album by the former Led Zeppelin singer Robert Plant released in 1988 (see 1988 in music) under the label Es Paranza. The album made the top 10 in both the U.S. and the UK reaching #6 in the former and #10 in the latter. The album was certified triple platinum by the RIAA on September 7 2001.With a new band and a new perspective on his music Plant returned in late 1987 with more of the sound that had previously defined him in Led Zeppelin.
 The St Neots Citizen is a British satirical local news service based in St Neots Cambridgeshire.
 Education Times is a weekly supplement of The Times of India newspaper and was launched in 1995. This newspaper supplement caters to the ever-expanding student community as a career guide counselor and adviser. The editorial covers exhaustive profiles of mainstream and offbeat careers prepares the roadmap for a student on the way to a foreign degree. The editorial offers tips on cracking competitive exams as well as guidelines on how to prepare one’s resume or gear up for an interview.
 Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Ginji's Rescue Team (ポケモン不思議のダンジョンギンジの救助隊 Pokemon Fushigi no Danjon: Ginji no Kyūjotai) is a 6-part manga based on the video games Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Blue Rescue Team and Red Rescue Team that first appeared in Japan's CoroCoro Comic in the fall of 2005. Its English language translation was released in Nintendo Power from the September 2006 issue to the February 2007 issue presented in the same right-to-left format.
 Rutki-Kossaki [ˈrutki kɔsˈsaki] is a village in Zambrów County koszary Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rutki. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Zambrów and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 1300.
 The Power Building is a historic commercial building in the downtown of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1903 it was designed by Harry Hake. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 5 1999. One week later a group of buildings in the northeastern section of downtown was named a historic district the Cincinnati East Manufacturing and Warehouse District; the Power Building is one of the district's contributing properties.
 Defektor is a solo album released by Greg Camp. It was released on September 9 2008 during Camp's time away from Smash Mouth.
 Zottelbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Sinemys is an extinct genus of turtle from the Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous of China and Japan. Three species have been named: S. lens the type species from the Kimmeridgian-Tithonian of Shandong; S. gamera from the Valanginian-Albian of Nei Mongol; and S. wuerhoensis from the Aptian-Albian of Xinjiang.
 Belmont Hall is a historic home located at Newark in New Castle County Delaware. It was built between 1838 and 1844 and is a 2 1/2-story gable-roofed stuccoed brick building. It features a porch on three sides supported by Doric order columns. The building was renovated in 1911 in the Classical Revival style. It was built as a private dwelling In 1950 the University of Delaware purchased the building as a home for its president.
 The Darrington Unit (DA) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ) men's prison located in unincorporated Brazoria County Texas near Sandy Point The unit is along Farm to Market Road 521 4 miles (6.4 km) north of Rosharon and south of Houston. The prison has about 6770 acres (2740 ha) of land. The prison has the Region III Administrative Office of the Windham School District.
 Hellboy: Blood and Iron is the second in the Hellboy Animated series (the first being Hellboy: Sword of Storms) written by Tad Stones and Mike Mignola. It first aired on March 17 2007 on Cartoon Network and aired again on July 19 2008 to promote the release of Hellboy II: The Golden Army and was released on DVD by Anchor Bay Entertainment on March 10 2007.
 Clay Tallman was a Democratic politician from the U.S. State of Nevada. He was Commissioner of the United States General Land Office from 1913 to 1921.Tallman was appointed Commissioner on May 27 1913 by Woodrow Wilson. He was a lawyer from Nevada and was a member of the Nevada State Senate from 1909 to 1913 serving as President pro tempore during his last session.
 Kračule (Serbian: Крачуле) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Agrahara (Hosadurga) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hosadurga taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 7 chili in 7 giorni (7 kilos in 7 days) is a 1986 Italian comedy film directed by Luca Verdone.
 The Cornish House in Little Rock Arkansas is a historic house designed by Theodore Sanders in 1917.It is included in a boundary increase to the Governor's Mansion Historic District also NRHP-listed.
 Thomas Trenchard 2nd Viscount Trenchard (15 December 1923–1987) was the second Viscount Trenchard and a junior minister from 1979 to 1983 in Margaret Thatcher's Conservative government.Thomas Trenchard was born in 1923 the son of Hugh Trenchard whom many regard as the father of the Royal Air Force.On 19 June 1948 Thomas Trenchard married Patricia Bailey the daughter of Admiral Sir Sidney Robert Bailey.
 The Lac de Chambon (Chambon Lake) is an artificial lake on the Creuse River France created by the Eguzon dam a hydroelectric dam. Beaches have been created around the lake the largest in the Centre Region. There is a sailing school on the lake near Eguzon. Canoes kayaks and pedalos can be hired in season. The lake is also very popular with waterskiers and anglers.It is not be confused with Lac Chambon in the Puy-de-Dôme department or Lac du Chambon in the Isère department.
 Megalagrion jugorum is an extinct species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae that was endemic to the island of Maui in Hawaii.
 Musuan Peak or Mount Musuan /ˈmʊswən/ also known as Mount Calayo (/kəˈlɑːjoʊ/ literally Fire Mountain) is an active volcano on the island of Mindanao in the Philippines. It is 4.5 kilometres south of the city of Valencia province of Bukidnon and 81 km southeast of Cagayan de Oro City.
 Daegeumsan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. It sits in the county of Gapyeong. Daegeumsan has an elevation of 704 m (2310 ft).
 Scratch is the soundtrack to the 2001 documentary Scratch directed by Doug Pray. Scratch examines cultural and historical perspectives on the birth and evolution of hip-hop disc jockeys (DJs) scratching and turntablism and includes interviews with some of hip-hop's most famous and respected DJs.
 Võuküla is a village in Räpina Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is a children's book written by Laura Numeroff and illustrated by Felicia Bond. Described as a circular tale it is Numeroff and Bond's first collaboration in what came to be the If You Give... Book™ series.
 Chakraval Daily is a Khmer language newspaper published in Cambodia with its headquarters in Phnom Penh.
 Herb Kehrl was an American politician representing Michigan's 56th district in the Michigan House of Representatives from 2004 until his death in 2005. State Representative Kehrl died of cancer on November 30 2005.
 Etang de la Gruère is a small lake in the Jura range near Saignelégier Canton of Jura Switzerland. The lake and the surrounding bog is a nature preserve. The lake was formed in the 17th century when a dam was built for a mill.
 Stanisławka [staniˈswafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Debrzno within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Debrzno 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Człuchów and 132 km (82 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 142.
 Nassarius antillarum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Długi Bród [ˈdwuɡʲi ˈbrut] (Ukrainian: Мацкевичі Matskevychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Dubicze Cerkiewne 12 km (7 mi) south of Hajnówka and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Selwyn River / Waikirikiri flows through the Selwyn District of Canterbury in the South Island of New Zealand.
 Makedonia (Macedonia Greek: Μακεδονία) is a Greek daily newspaper published in Thessaloniki. Being one of the oldest newspapers in Greece it was first published in 1911 by Konstantinos Vellidis. The present owner is the company Makedoniki Ekdotiki Ektipotiki AE. Currently director of the newspaper is Dimitrios Gousidis the 7th in the last 12 years. Previous directors were Lazaros Chatzinakos Ioannis Kotofolos Traianos Chatzidimitriou Loukas Katsonis Pantelis Savvidis and Kostas Zouraris.
 Death at the Bar is a 1940 novel by Ngaio Marsh which was adapted for television in 1993 as part of the Inspector Alleyn Mysteries. The episode was directed by Michael Winterbottom and starred Patrick Malahide as Chief Inspector Roderick Alleyn. The title is a pun on the legal term the bar and the public house in which much of the story takes place.
 Pity is Not Enough is a 1933 semi-autobiographical modernist novel by American author Josephine Herbst and the first book in her Trexler family trilogy. It is followed by The Executioner Waits (1934) and Rope of Gold (1939). The novels interrelate United States history from Reconstruction to the Great Depression with Herbst's family history reflecting the ideological crises of the early twentieth century. The trilogy has been compared with John Dos Passos's major work the U.S.A.
 Paraorlovia is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 La Dentellière (The Lacemaker) is a French novel by Pascal Lainé. It was awarded the Prix Goncourt (France's most prestigious literary award) in 1974. It was made into a film with Isabelle Huppert in 1977 (directed by Claude Goretta). It was translated into English by George Crowther in 1976 as A Web of Lace and in 2006 by David Dugan.
 John Hamilton (16 December 1827 – 3 April 1888) was one of the founding members of the Canadian Senate. He was born in Hawkesbury in Upper Canada in 1827 the son of George Hamilton. John and his brothers continued to expand their father's lumber business from its base on the lower Ottawa River. He served as reeve of Hawkesbury from 1858 to 1864. In 1860 he was elected to the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada for the Inkerman division in Canada East.
 Prażmów [ˈpraʐmuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Burzenin 15 km (9 mi) south of Sieradz and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 285.
 Georges Dansereau (December 15 1867 – December 26 1934) was a Canadian provincial politician. He was the Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Argenteuil from 1927 until his death in 1934. He was also mayor of Grenville Quebec serving terms in 1910-1912 1914 1915 and 1933-1934. He was the father of Georges-Étienne Dansereau.
 Papratno (Cyrillic: Папратно) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Canonsburg Armory is a former Pennsylvania National Guard armory in Canonsburg Pennsylvania. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 22 1989.It is designated as a historic public landmark by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The Story So Far is the first studio album by Zack Hexum released on June 15 2004.Met A Girl Like you Once is the first and currently only single.The album was recorded at Media Vortex Studios in Burbank CA.
 Błądzim-Dworzec [ˈbwɔnd͡ʑim ˈdvɔʐɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Project A-ko (プロジェクトA子 Purojekuto Eeko) is a 1986 animated fantasy-parody film that had several sequels and a spin-off. This series references a number of other works of anime from the 1970s and 1980s such as Macross Fist of the North Star and Gundam. The title itself is a reference to the 1985 Jackie Chan movie Project A although the film bears no resemblance to Project A; the working title ended up sticking.
 Lake Kovzhskoye (Russian: Ковжское озеро) is a freshwater lake located in the center of Vytegorsky District of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It is one of the biggest lakes in Vologda Oblast and the second biggest one in Vytegorsky District behind Lake Onega. The area of the lake is 65 square kilometres (25 sq mi) and the area of its basin is 438 square kilometres (169 sq mi). The main tributary of the lake is the Iles River.
 Philautus similis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 J. Henry Goguen was a Massachusetts politician and civil servant. who served as acting Secretary of the Commonwealth from 1958-1959.
 Phymatodes testaceus (commonly known as the tanbark borer or the violet tanbark beetle) is a transpalearctic polymorphic species of beetle in the subfamily Cerambycinae in the longhorn beetle family.The P. testaceus imago is typically 6-16 mm in length. Their eggs are 1 mm long and in athwart 0.5 mm. Larvae of the species are 10-18 mm long and 2.1 mm wide.
 First Unitarian Church of Marietta is a historic church at 232 3rd Street in Marietta Ohio.It was built in 1855 and added to the National Register in 1973.
 Police at the Funeral is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published in October 1931 in the United Kingdom by Heinemann London and in 1932 in the United States by Doubleday Doran New York. It is the fourth novel with the mysterious Albert Campion aided as usual by his butler/valet/bodyguard Magersfontein Lugg and his policeman friend Stanislaus Oates.
 This Is Desolation is the second full-length studio album recorded by Shell Beach. It was released in November 2012.
 The World of Karl Pilkington is the first book written and illustrated by Karl Pilkington and contains transcripts from The Ricky Gervais Show podcasts and excerpts from his own diary as well as drawings and some original material illustrated by Pilkington himself. It was published and released in 2006. As stated on The Ricky Gervais Show Karl put a lot of work into the book and had been illustrating the drawings featured in the book for a considerable amount of time.
 St Andrew's College Drygrange located near Melrose Scotland was a Roman Catholic seminary founded in 1953 and closed in 1986.
 Gun Belt is a 1953 romantic Western drama film.
 The Goat The Sofa And Mr. Swami is a book written by R. Chandrasekar about a Pakistani prime minister visiting India for a test Cricket and the ensuing diplomatic drama and chaos.
 The Glendale School of Reno Nevada is a historic schoolhouse that was built in 1864 and served as a school until 1958. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.It was deemed significant as the first educational institution in the Truckee Meadows area where in 1857 Charles C. Gates and John F. Stone created a rope ferry across the Truckee River and opened a trading post leading to further development.
 The Fazail-e-Sadqaat (Urdu: فضائلِ ﺻﺪﻗﺎﺕ) is an Islamic religious text a compilation of selected chapters from various books written by the Indian Islamic scholar Muhammad Zakariya Kandhlawi.The text consists of selected verses of the Qur'an Hadiths commentary thereon and other material. The book is a compilation of different previous books written by same author. It has been translated into English Arabic Persian Bengali and many other languages.
 Divankhaneh (Persian: ديوانخانه‎ also Romanized as Dīvānkhāneh) is a village in Gejlarat-e Sharqi Rural District Aras District Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 532 in 105 families.
 Super Hits is a greatest hits album from Miles Davis. Released in 2001 it reached #22 on Billboard's Jazz Albums chart.
 Kepingaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Here and Now: Letters (2008–2011) is the published collection of letters between authors Paul Auster and J. M. Coetzee.
 Mansfeldy [mansˈfɛldɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowo-Osada within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Iłowo-Osada 5 km (3 mi) south-east of Działdowo and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 70.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 23 The Superhit Collection or Now 23 was released in 1997. The album is the 23rd edition of the South African Now! series.
 Ab Barik (Persian: ابباريك‎ also Romanized as Āb Bārīk and Āb-e Bārīk) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District Qarah Kahriz District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 291 in 91 families.
 Theodore L. Marvel House is a historic house located at 188 Berkley Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1883 in a shingle style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.The irregularly-shaped house features a hipped gable roof and varied wall surface of fieldstone and shingles.
 Enäjärvi is a lake in Finland. It is located in the municipality of Vihti in Uusimaa region. The lake is part of Sjundeå å (Finnish: Siuntionjoki) basin that drains into the Gulf of Finland.In Finland there are also four other lakes with the name Enäjärvi.
 Yadollah Sahabi (25 February 1905[citation needed] – 12 April 2002) was a prominent Iranian scholar writer reformist and politician. A close associate of Mohammad Mosaddegh and Mehdi Bazargan Sahabi was an active campaigner for the nationalisation of the Iranian oil industry in the 1950s. He was the father of Ezzatollah Sahabi.Sahabi studied at Université Lille Nord de France and majored in Geology.
 The Chain Gate in Wells Somerset England is an entrance gateway into a walled precinct around the cathedral. It is a Grade I listed building.It was built c.1460 for Bishop Thomas Beckington and is a two-storey building of Doulting stone ashlar with a Welsh slate roof. The lower level comprises a wagon gate flanked on both sides by pedestrian gates.
 The Château d'Angers is a castle in the city of Angers in the Loire Valley in the département of Maine-et-Loire in France. Founded in the 9th century by the Counts of Anjou was expanded to its current size in the 13th century. It is located overhanging the river Maine. Now open to the public the Château d'Angers is home of the Apocalypse Tapestry.
 Troutbeck Tongue is a small fell located in the English Lake District three miles (five kilometres) east of Ambleside. It is one of 214 hills listed in Alfred Wainwright's Pictorial Guides to the Lakeland Fells which makes it a popular attraction for walkers who are aiming to complete all the Wainwrights. Because of it is moderate height and proximity to a main road it is a pleasant half-day excursion that can be done when the higher fells are in cloud.
 Inland Empire Magazine is a lifestyle magazine focused on entertainment dining and other topics related to the Inland Empire Metropolitan Area of Southern California. The magazine's offices are located at 3769 Tibbetts Avenue Suite A Riverside California zip code 92506.
 St. Mary's on the Flats originally known as the Church of Our Lady of the Lake was the first Catholic church building in Cleveland Ohio. The location where the church once stood can be found in an 1881 atlas at the south-east corner of Columbus Ave. and then Girard Ave. on the east bank of the Cuyahoga river in the flats. Irishtown Bend Archeological District where many of the parishioners lived lies to the west across the Cuyahoga river in what was Ohio City.
 Tang-e Zard (Persian: تنگ زرد‎) is a village in Dasht-e Barm Rural District Kuhmareh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Achh is a village and union council of Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Kharian Tehsil and is located at 32°52'0N 74°8'0E with an altitude of 311 metres.
 Hirasodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Gennady (Genadi) Leonid-ipa Gagulia (Abkhaz: Геннадии Леонид-иҧа Гагәлиа Georgian: გენადი გაგულია; born 4 January 1948) is a two-time former Prime Minister of Abkhazia (January 1995 – April 1997 November 2002 – April 2003) and the current head of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
 The Dyers Almshouses are a group of 30 almshouses belonging to the Worshipful Company of Dyers a London Livery Company. Built in three stages between 1939 and 1971 they are located close to the town centre of Crawley a New Town and borough in West Sussex England. The distinctive Arts and Crafts-influenced buildings are arranged around a courtyard on a street close to Crawley town centre and have been granted conservation area and locally listed building status.
 Pine/Cross Dover is the sixth studio album of the American rock band Masters of Reality released in 2009. The album consists of two halves; tracks 1-5 make up Pine and tracks 6-11 make up Cross Dover.
 Manoblemma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 This Little Empire is the second studio album by New Zealand rock band Zed. It was produced by Sylvia Massy Shivy and Zed at Radiostar Studios in Weed California and engineered by Rich Veltrop. Unlike the band's debut 2000 release Silencer This Little Empire was predominately produced for the American market with a US edition and a New Zealand edition released. The track listing for the US edition contains tracks taken from their debut album.
 Bing & Satchmo is a 1960 studio album by Bing Crosby and Louis Armstrong arranged and conducted by Billy May. Crosby and Satchmo had worked together many times before they recorded this album appearing in the film High Society (1956) together and making several radio broadcasts between 1949 and 1951.
 Asaphocrita aulae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Ocinebrina epiphanea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Hazaras is book on the history of Hazara people and Afghanistan by the writer Hassan Poladi.
 La Ouache is the first studio album by the French rock band Matmatah.
 The 113th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1 and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This date was January 2 1945 which was two weeks before the beginning of the fifth administrative year of Governor Walter W. Bacon and the first adminnstration of Elbert N.
 The Ulalume Underwing (Catocala ulalume) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Virginia through Georgia to Florida west to Texas and Oklahoma and north to Illinois.The wingspan is 60-75 mm. Adults are on wing from June to September. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Carya alba.
 F.U.E.P. (Fuck You Extended Play) is the first extended play by British recording artist Lily Allen. It was released on 31 March 2009 by Capitol Records exclusively to iTunes U.S. store. Its cover art is a simple shot taken during the It's Not Me It's You promo shoot. It features a clean edit of Fuck You the cover of Britney Spears' song Womanizer and the B-sides to the single The Fear entitled Fag Hag and Kabul Shit.
 The Moon Maid is an Edgar Rice Burroughs Lost World novel. It was written in three parts Part 1 was begun in June 1922 under the title The Moon Maid Part 2 was begun in 1919 under the title Under the Red Flag later retitled The Moon Men Part 3 was titled the The Red Hawk.
 Matthias Shepler (November 11 1790 – April 7 1863) was a U.S.
 Rise of the Machine is the first studio album by the British heavy metal band Deep Machine.It was released on April 25 2014.
 More Work for the Undertaker is a crime novel by Margery Allingham first published in 1948 in the United Kingdom by William Heinemann London and in the United States by Doubleday New York. It is the thirteenth novel in the Albert Campion series.The book focuses on Apron Street an isolated neighborhood in London. Going up Apron street has become a byword for a criminal vanishing. This proves to be done by the Bowels family the undertakers of the title.
 Łukawka [wuˈkafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Baranów 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Puławy and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Arkansas Railroad Museum is located on Port Road in Pine Bluff Arkansas at the former Cotton Belt (SSW) yard.The former SSW shops are occupied by the historic collection of railroad equipment. This museum is about an hour's drive from Little Rock AR and is one of the largest displays of historic railroad equipment in Arkansas.
 Precious Gems was Tom Fogerty's sixth album credited as Tom Fogerty + Ruby .
 The Crow River is a river in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in the Unorganized South Part of Nipissing District in northeastern Ontario Canada. The river lies entirely within Algonquin Provincial Park and is a right tributary of the Petawawa River.
 Dudah Chay (Persian: دوده چاي‎ also Romanized as Dūdah Chāy; also known as Deheh Chāy) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 506 in 119 families.
 CESARE The destroyer Creator (チェーザレ 破壊の創造者) is a manga series by Souryo Fuyumi serialized in the Japanese monthly comic magazine Morning and published in tankoubon format by Kodansha. The first volume was published in 2005 and there have been 9 volumes published in Japan so far. The series is currently ongoing in Morning.
 The Eastern Pine Seedworm Moth (Cydia toreuta) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America.The wingspan is about 13 mm.The larvae feed on the seeds of Pinus resinosa and Pinus banksiana.
 Gen. Thomas Lincoln House is a historic house located at 104 Field Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1805 for Thomas Lincoln who served in the Revolutionary War and was appointed to the rank of Brigadier General in 1809. The large 2-1/2 story Federal Period central chimney house is built on a traditional 5 x 4 plan with a detailed central front doorway topped by a semi-elliptical fanlight. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 American Salute is the title of a recording by Chet Atkins and Arthur Fiedler and the Boston Pops Orchestra.
 Phyllobrostis daphneella is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is found in Morocco Algeria Tunisia Portugal Spain France Corsica mainland Italy and Sardinia.The wingspan is 8.8-9.5 mm for males and 9.5–10 mm for females. Adults are on wing from April to May and again in August in two generations in France.The larvae feed on Daphne gnidium. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a full depth corridor.
 Further Adventures of Lad also known as Dog Stories Every Child Should Know is a 1922 American novel written by Albert Payson Terhune and published by George H. Doran. A follow-up to Lad: A Dog it contains an additional eleven short stories featuring a fictional version of Terhune's real-life rough collie Lad including the stories of Lad's initial arrival at the Place the death of his mate and the day of his own death.
 The Mod Squad is a 1999 film directed by Scott Silver and starring Claire Danes Omar Epps and Giovanni Ribisi. It is based on the popular television show of the same name.
 Tomiichi Murayama (村山 富市 Murayama Tomiichi born 3 March 1924) is a retired Japanese politician who served as the 81st Prime Minister of Japan from 30 June 1994 to 11 January 1996. He was the head of the Social Democratic Party of Japan (until 1996 the Japan Socialist Party) and the first socialist prime minister in nearly fifty years.
 Lago di Varano is a lake in the Province of Foggia Apulia Italy. Its surface area is 60.5 km².
 Banquets of the Black Widowers is a collection of mystery short stories by science fiction author Isaac Asimov featuring his fictional club of mystery solvers the Black Widowers. It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday in September 1984 and in paperback by the Fawcett Crest imprint of Ballantine Books in June 1986.
 Ray is the soundtrack of the 2004 film Ray starring Jamie Foxx (who won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Ray Charles in this film) Kerry Washington Terrence Howard Clifton Powell and Regina King. The score was composed by Craig Armstrong.The album won a Grammy Award and was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music.
 The Caves of Caiplie Caplawchy or Caiplie Coves known locally as The Coves are a cave system on the Fife Coastal path between Anstruther and Crail in Scotland. The Caves were the site of early Christian worship after this they were used by farmers to house livestock and included a doocot for housing pigeons (c170) the caves are thought to have been abandoned since c180.
 Thunderhead Son of Flicka is a 1945 Technicolor family film directed by Louis King. It was adapted to screen by Dwight Cummins and Dorothy Yost from the novel by Mary O'Hara and is based on the second book in the series following Flicka which was filmed in 1943 (as My Friend Flicka) and remade in 2006.The first feature film to be photographed entirely on 35mm Color negative film in this case Technicolor Color motion picture film (section Monopack color film).
 Social Psychological and Personality Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in social and personality psychology. Its editor-in-chief is Allen R. McConnell (Miami University). It was established in 2010 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Yusef-e Eslam (Persian: يوسف اسلام‎ also Romanized as Yūsef-e Eslām; also known as Yūsef Salām and Yūsof Salām) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 25 families.
 Man on the Moon is a 1999 American biographical comedy-drama film about the late American entertainer Andy Kaufman starring Jim Carrey. The film was directed by Miloš Forman and also features Danny DeVito Courtney Love and Paul Giamatti. DeVito worked with Kaufman on the Taxi television series and other members of that show's cast including Marilu Henner Judd Hirsch Christopher Lloyd and Jeff Conaway make cameo appearances in the film playing themselves.
 Capricia Penavic Marshall served as Chief of Protocol of the United States from 2009 to August 2013.
 The Milk River (Assiniboine: Asą́bi wakpá Wakpá jukʾána ) is a tributary of the Missouri River 729 mi (1173 km) long in the United States state of Montana and the Canadian province of Alberta. Rising in the Rocky Mountains the river drains a sparsely populated semi-arid watershed of 23800 sq mi (62000 km2) ending just east of Fort Peck Montana.
 Gawiny [ɡaˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Wyszki 21 km (13 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 34.
 Warcraft: The Last Guardian is a novel by Jeff Grubb set in the Warcraft Universe. It is considered to be the third novel despite the e-book Warcraft: Of Blood and Honor being released first. The story of Warcraft: The Last Guardian is about Medivh the last guardian of Azeroth his new apprentice Khadgar and Medivh's fall from grace during the events of the First War.
 The Jacob P. Perry House is a historic home on Sickeltown Road in Pearl River New York United States. It was constructed around the end of the 18th century one of the last houses in Rockland County to have been built in the Dutch Colonial style more common before the Revolution. It is a stone structure with a detailed period interior. A later owner renovated it during the 1930s and an addition was built onto it in the late 1970s.
 Avindin (Persian: اويندين‎ also Romanized as Avīndīn; also known as Avendīn) is a village in Harzandat-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 89 families.
 The Samuel Miner House is located in North Stonington Connecticut. The house was built in 1717 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 18 1976.
 Chenareh-ye Olya (Persian: چناره عليا‎ also Romanized as Chenāreh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Chenāreh-ye Bālā and Chenāreh) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 49 families.
 Played on Pepper is the third album by the Danish soft rock band Michael Learns to Rock. It was released in August 1995. This was the first album produced solely by the band. The first single from the album was Someday followed by That's Why (You Go Away).
 Abdellatif Maazouz (Arabic: عبد اللطيف معزوز‎ - born 18 August 1954 Sefrou) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal Party. Since 3 January 2012 he held the position of Delegate-Minister for Moroccans Living Abroad in the cabinet of Abdelilah Benkirane. Between 2007 and 2012 he was Minister of External Trade in the Cabinet of Abbas El Fassi.
 Daou al-Salhine al-Jadak was a field commander for the forces of the National Transitional Council of Libya during the 2011 Libyan civil war. Jadak was imprisoned for more than 18 years by Muammar Gaddafi's regime and led anti-Gaddafi forces in their battle for control of Bani Walid which eventually succeeded in October. Jadak came from Bani Walid himself. He had told AFP two days before his death that he had been imprisoned for more than 18 years for helping organise a 1993 rebellion.
 The Songkhla lake (Thai: ทะเลสาบสงขลา RTGS: Thale Sap Songkhla IPA: [tʰa.leː sàːp sǒŋ.kʰlǎː]) is the largest natural lake in Thailand located on the Malay peninsula in the southern part of the country. Covering an area of 1040 km² it borders the provinces of Songkhla and Phatthalung. Despite being called a lake this water surface is actually a lagoon complex geologically.The lake is divided into three distinct parts.
 Florinda coccinea is a species of web-building spider belonging to the family Linyphiidae. It is sometimes known as the black-tailed red sheetweaver or the red grass spider. This species is common in the southeastern United States inhabiting grasslands lawns and agricultural fields
 The Annals of Epidemiology is a peer reviewed journal devoted to epidemiological research and is published as the official journal for American College of Epidemiology.
 Invitation to the Waltz is a 1935 British black-and-white musical film directed by Paul Merzbach and starring Lilian Harvey Wendy Toye Carl Esmond and Ronald Shiner as the Street Vendor. It was based on a play by Eric Maschwitz. It was presented by British International Pictures and produced by Associated British Picture Corporation.
 Gahama is a village in the Commune of Bururi in Bururi Province in southern Burundi. It is located southeast of Bururi and its western side is framed by a forest.
 The Madagascan Jacana (Actophilornis albinucha) is a species of bird in the Jacanidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.
 Archibald Alexander (1755 – September 12 1822) was an American physician and politician from New Castle County Delaware near New Castle. He was a veteran of the American Revolution and a member of the Democratic-Republican Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly.
 Przemysław Edgar Gosiewski (pronounced [pʃɛˈmɨswaf ˈɛdɡar ɡɔˈɕɛfskʲi]; May 12 1964 – April 10 2010) was a Polish politician and a deputy chair of Law and Justice (Prawo i Sprawiedliwość) party. In the 1980s he was active in the Solidarity movement.
 Nalanum Nandhiniyum (English: Nalan and Nadhini) is an upcoming Tamil romance film written and directed by Venkatesan R a former associate director of Venkat Prabhu. Having ventured under Ravindar Chandrasekaran’s production house The Libra Productions the film features Michael Thangadurai and Nandita in lead roles.
 The Pamplemousse (foaled April 19 2006 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was a contender for the 2009 Kentucky Derby and Triple Crown but had to withdraw due to injury. His regular jockey is Alex Solis.
 Planopus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Planopus laniniensis Bosq 1953 Planopus octaviusbarrosi Cerda 1968↑
 The Tibagi River (Portuguese Rio Tibagi also spelled Tibagy and Tibají) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paranapanema River.
 The Tomnatecu River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Hypocrita joiceyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1922. It is found in Colombia.
 The Ester Camp Historic District consists of 11 buildings and three structures located in or near Ester Alaska. The camp was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 and is significant for its importance in Alaska mining history. The periods of significance are 1900-1924 and 1925-1949. It is under private ownership and was operated as the Ester Gold Camp until its closure in 2007.
 Kaleran is a village in Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar district Punjab India. The village is situated near Banga and located at approximately 325 km from New Delhi 120 km from Amritsar and 1400 km from Mumbai. It is in the North-West part of India; a few hundred kilometres south of Kashmir and to the west of the Himalayan foothills of Punjab and Himachal Pradesh. The village is situated approximately 1.8 km from Dhahan.
 Tooth and Nail is the second studio album by heavy metal band Dokken released in 1984 through Elektra Records. It was the #35 album of 1985 according to Billboard magazine. The album was certified Platinum by the RIAA and reached #49 on the Billboard 200 U.S. album chart.
 The Branco River (Portuguese: Rio Branco; Engl: White River) is the principal affluent of the Rio Negro from the north. It is enriched by many streams from the Tepui highlands which separate Venezuela and Guyana from Brazil. Its two upper main tributaries are the Uraricoera and the Takutu.
 Acrobasis bifidella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Leech in 1889. It is found in China Japan and Korea.
 Charles Allan Stuart (August 3 1864 – March 5 1926) was a Canadian politician and jurist in the province of Alberta. Born and educated in Ontario he came west in 1897 and set up a law practice in Calgary. After a failed election bid to the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories he was elected to the Calgary City Council and then to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.
 Lost Lake is located in Minnehaha County South Dakota United States. The lake lies 2 miles (3.2 km) north of Humboldt.
 Charles Sparks Thomas (September 28 1897 – October 17 1983) was a U.S. administrator. He served as Secretary of the Navy between May 3 1954 and April 1 1957.Thomas was born in Independence Missouri attended the University of California and Cornell. In addition to his government service Thomas was director of several large corporations including Lockheed.
 Nygmia semifumosa is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is endemic to Borneo.
 Radlands is the fifth album by the Mystery Jets.
 Christine Chris Melnick MLA is a politician in Manitoba Canada. She is a former cabinet minister in the government of New Democratic Party (NDP) Premier Greg Selinger and now sits as an independent.Born in Winnipeg Melnick received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Manitoba and subsequently received a master's degree in library and information science from Dalhousie University in Nova Scotia.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Her Majesty's Dog (女王様の犬 Joō-sama no Inu) is a manga series by Mick Takeuchi. Published by Akita Shoten the first volume was released in Japan in October 2001 and spanned 11 tankōbon volumes before its conclusion in May 2006. It was initially released quarterly and was a part-time project for Takeuchi but as the series grew in popularity it moved to a monthly schedule.
 Bifascia nigralbella is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Algeria the northern Sahara Tunisia Saudi Arabia western Pakistan and India. It has also been recorded from Spain.The wingspan is 8-8.5 mm.The larvae feed on the flowers of Acacia species including Acacia farnesiana and Acacia horrida. They are 7 mm long and slender. The dorsal part is yellow with red stripes in the first part.
 Łączki [ˈwɔnt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Toszek 21 km (13 mi) north of Gliwice and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 The Bells of Nagasaki (長崎の鐘 Nagasaki no Kane) is a 1949 book by Takashi Nagai. It vividly describes his experiences as a survivor of the Atomic bombing of Nagasaki. It was translated into English by William Johnston. The title refers to the bells of Urakami Cathedral of which Nagai writes:These are the bells that did not ring for weeks or months after the disaster.
 Old School Baptist Church and Cemetery (South River War Memorial Free Public Library) is a historic church at 64—66 Main Street in South River Middlesex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1805 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 Kotiabad (Persian: كتي اباد‎ also Romanized as Kotīābād; also known as Kalīābād) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 6 families.
 Endotricha denticostalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Hampson in 1906 and is known from Borneo.
 Blue Gold: World Water Wars is a 2008 documentary film by Sam Bozzo based on the book Blue Gold: The Fight to Stop the Corporate Theft of the World’s Water by Maude Barlow and Tony Clarke.It was produced by Mark Achbar and Si Litvinoff and was narrated by Malcolm McDowell. The film was first screened on October 9 2008 at the Vancouver International Film Festival.
 Sulak (Persian: سولك‎ also Romanized as Sūlak; also known as Salbak) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 10 families.
 Vampiros los prefieren gorditos is a 1974 Argentine film.
 Maly Semyachik (Russian: Малый Семячик) is a stratovolcano located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It is a compound stratovolcano located in a 10-km-wide caldera within the 15x20 km mid-Pleistocene Stena-Soboliny caldera. Three overlapping stratovolcanoes were constructed sequentially along a NE-SW line with the youngest cone Tseno-Semyachik at the southwest end.
 Miedzno [ˈmjɛd͡znɔ] (German: Niederhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Robert Frederick Froehlke (born October 15 1922) is a United States businessman lawyer and government official who served as Secretary of the Army from July 1971 until May 1973.
 John Winthrop (12 January 1587/8 – 26 March 1649) was a wealthy English Puritan lawyer and one of the leading figures in the founding of the Massachusetts Bay Colony the first major settlement in New England after Plymouth Colony. Winthrop led the first large wave of migrants from England in 1630 and served as governor for 12 of the colony's first 20 years of existence.
 Dudki [ˈdutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Częstochowa and 74 km (46 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 86.
 Château de Chouvigny is a castle at Chouvigny in the Sioule valley in the Allier département of France.
 Nonius is a lunar impact crater. It is located in the rugged southern highlands on the Moon's near side. The northwestern side and about half the interior floor are overlain by the rim and outer rampart of the walled plain Walther. About half its diameter to the southeast is the smaller crater Kaiser and slightly farther to the south lies Fernelius.The surviving rim of this crater has been damaged by multiple impacts including the merged pair of Nonius K and Nonius L across the northern rim.
 Lowestoft Hospital is a National Health Service (NHS) hospital on Tennyson Road in Lowestoft in the English county of Suffolk. It is managed by the James Paget University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. It provides convalescing community care for elderly people a minor injuries unit and a variety of other services. It has no accident and emergency department.The earliest buildings on the site date from the late 19th century and are over 150 years old.
 Sarılar Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 The Claro River (Portuguese Rio Claro) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paranaíba River which it enters just downriver of São Simão Dam.
 The Édifice Price (English: Price Building) is an 18-floor (originally 16) skyscraper in Quebec City Canada. Built in 1930-1931 amid controversy for Price Brothers ltd. it is the tallest building in the Old Quebec historical district and one of the oldest skyscrapers in Canada. The building is the property of the Quebec City municipal administration but is leased to and used by the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec. A memorial is attached to the building.
 The Faltschonhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located west of Vals in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the Val Lumnezia and the Valser Tal south of Piz Aul.
 Nipponaphera tuba is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Elliot-Bester House is a historic home located in Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. It is a two-story brick dwelling painted yellow and trimmed with black and white. The home is associated with Commodore Jesse D. Elliott who spent his boyhood years there.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Irakal (Malayalam: ഇരകള്‍ English: The Victims) is a 1985 Malayalam psychological thriller film written and directed by K. G. George and produced by the then prominent actor Sukumaran. The film is an in-depth exploration of the psychology of violence. Ganesh Kumar plays the film's protagonist.The film met with critical acclaim upon release though not commercially successful. It received several accolades including the state awards of that year.
 Ich küsse Ihre Hand Madame is a 1929 German drama film starring Marlene Dietrich. It was released in the United States as I Kiss Your Hand Madame in 1932. It was produced by Super-Film. There is no dialogue in the original version of this film which was silent apart from the title-song by Ralph Erwin text by Fritz Rotter that had been specially recorded by Richard Tauber to be played during the screening. Tauber himself does not actually appear in the film.
 The Midway Plaisance also known locally as the Midway is a park on the South Side of the city of Chicago Illinois. It is one mile long by 220 yards wide and extends along 59th and 60th streets joining Washington Park at its west end and Jackson Park at its east end. It divides the Hyde Park community area to the north from the Woodlawn community area to the south. It is located approximately 6 miles (10 km) south of the downtown Loop area near Lake Michigan.
 Öyle bir kadın ki (She is Such a Woman) (1979) is the first Turkish film which included a hardcore scene to be legally produced and distributed. The plot claims to deal with the sexual ambivalence of married couples on vacation accompanied by a crime story. The movie started a short-lived but intense period of pornography in Turkey until the 1980 Turkish coup d'état. Today it is difficult to find the original uncut version.
 Enhydris dussumieri commonly known as Dussumier's water snake is a species of mildly venomous rear-fanged colubrid snake endemic to South Asia.
 Mowtowr-e Morad Mohammad Kuseh (Persian: موتورمرادمحمدكوسه‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Morād Moḩammad Kūseh) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Paroligolophus is a genus of harvestman formerly included in the genus Oligolophus. Two species recorded in the United Kingdom are: Paroligolophus agrestis Paroligolophus meadii↑
 Never So Good is a 2008 play by Howard Brenton which portrays the life and career of Harold Macmillan a 20th-century Conservative British politician who served as Prime Minister (1957–1963).
 U 47 – Kapitänleutnant Prien (English: U 47 – Lieutenant Commander Prien) is a 1958 black-and-white German war film portraying the combat career of Kriegsmarine World War II U-boat captain Günther Prien commander of German submarine U-47. It stars Dieter Eppler and Sabine Sesselmann and was directed by Harald Reinl.
 The Satsop River is a stream in the U.S. state of Washington. It has three main tributary forks the East Fork West Fork and Middle Fork Satsop Rivers. The main stem Satsop River is formed by the confluence of the West and East Forks. The Middle Fork is a tributary of the East Fork. The three forks are much longer than the main stem Satsop itself which flows south from the confluence only a few miles to join the Chehalis River near Satsop Washington.
 Britny Fox is the debut album by the American glam metal band Britny Fox released in 1988. The album contains the hits Long Way to Love Girlschool and the power ballad Save the Weak.
 The Scorțarul River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 Thura Myint Maung (Burmese: မြင့်မောင်) was the Minister for Religious Affairs of Myanmar (Burma). He is a retired Brigadier General in the Myanmar Army. He was resigned on 16 January 2013.
 COStume MODE Magazine (COSMODE) is a Japanese-language magazine about cosplay. Each issue contains color images of cosplayers from conventions and various events. It also includes information and hints on costume construction hair styling makeup and other cosplay-related tips.In 2008 COSMODE Online a digitalized English version of COSMODE magazine was created in response to the growing cosplay culture.
 Ken Givens (born October 10 1947) is a Tennessee politician from Rogersville Tennessee. From 1988-2002 Givens was a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives representing the Ninth State House District. In 2003 he was appointed by Governor Phil Bredesen to be the 34th Commissioner of Agriculture of Tennessee a Cabinet-level position in the gubernatorial administration responsible for overseeing the Tennessee Department of Agriculture.
 Sarapu (hispanicized spelling Sarapo) is a mountain in the Waywash mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 6127 metres (20102 ft) high. It is located in the Huánuco Region Lauricocha Province Jesús District as well as in the Lima Region Cajatambo Province in the districts Cajatambo and Copa. Sapapu lies south of the Yerupaja and the Siula Grande and east of the lake Sarapuqucha.
 People That I Meet is The Natural History's second full length album. The album was recorded in 2004 and slated for a 2005 release date. However the band soon split from their record label Startime International and the album's release was put on hold. The band was looking to release the album on a different label shortly thereafter; however People That I Meet would not reach the general public for over 2 years.
 This is about the novel for Forrest House see Melbourne High SchoolThe Forest House is a fantasy novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley and Diana L. Paxson though the latter is uncredited by the publisher. It is a prequel to her best-selling Arthurian novel The Mists of Avalon.The plot of The Forest House is based on that of the opera Norma relocated from Gaul to Britain but sharing the basic plot outline of a love affair between a Druidic priestess and a Roman officer.
 Odd Thomas is a thriller novel by American writer Dean Koontz published in 2003. The novel derives its title from the protagonist a twenty-year-old short-order cook named Odd Thomas. The book which was well received and applauded by critics went on to become a New York Times Bestseller. Following the success of the novel five sequels Forever Odd (2005) Brother Odd (2006) Odd Hours (2008) Odd Apocalypse (2012) and Deeply Odd (2013) were also written by Koontz.
 Paracymoriza is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Ceratomia igualana is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Mexico to Costa Rica. Only a small number has been caught and not much is known about the biology of this species.The wingspan is 51-56 mm for males and about 65 mm for females.
 The Gulf Coast Archive and Museum of Gay Lesbian Bisexual and Transgender History (GCAM) is an LGBT history organization located in Neartown Houston Texas (United States). The office and an ongoing exhibit of artwork are on display at the GLBT Cultural Center at 401 Branard inside the Montrose Counseling Center building.
 The Goal is a management-oriented novel by Dr. Eliyahu M. Goldratt a business consultant whose Theory of Constraints has become a model for systems management. It was originally published in 1984 and has since been revised and republished in 1992 and 2004.
 Gondibert is an epic poem by William Davenant. In it he attempts to combine the five act structure of English Renaissance drama with the Homeric and Virgilian epic literary tradition.
 Alive & Well: Recorded in Paris is a 1978 release by the band Soft Machine. Mostly recorded live by The Manor Mobile recording engineer Alan Perkins during at 4-night residency at Paris' Théâtre Le Palace in July 1977 much of the album was later modified in the studio with the track Soft Space being a completely studio recorded track released as a single (Soft Space parts 1 and 2).
 King of California is a 2007 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Mike Cahill. It is his debut as a screenwriter and director. The film premiered on January 24 2007 at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival and opened in limited release in North America on September 14 2007. The film stars Michael Douglas as a mentally ill man who believes he has discovered buried treasure and Evan Rachel Wood as his weary daughter.
 Nuasjärvi is a medium-sized lake in Kainuu region in northern Finland. It is located in Sotkamo and it belongs to the Oulujoki main catchment area. Nuasjärvi is separated from another lake Rehja with strait Rimpilänsalmi. The lake is near the Vuokatti Ski and Golf Center.
 The Pressey House built in 1854 is an historic octagon house located at 287 Summer Street in Oakland Maine. On September 15 1977 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Rannaküla is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia on the coast of the Gulf of Riga. It has a population of 14 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Sign Systems Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal on semiotics edited at the Department of Semiotics of the University of Tartu and published by the University of Tartu Press. It is the oldest periodical in the field. It was initially published in Russian and since 1998 in English with Russian and Estonian language abstracts. The journal was established by Juri Lotman as Trudy po Znakovym Sistemam in 1964. Since 1998 it has been edited by Peeter Torop Mihhail Lotman and Kalevi Kull.
 Pal Pal Dil Ke Ssaat is a 2009 Hindi-language film directed by V.K.Kumar starring Ajay Jadeja Vinod Kambli Mahi Gill Satish Shah and Sushma Seth.
 Sun Creature is the 2nd EP by Stoner rock band Nebula. The album is compared to Fu Manchu's Eatin' Dust (also released on Man's Ruin) stating that there are many similarities in the sound and energy of it. Some CD copies of the EP contain a nine-minute bonus track entitled Fly On. A shortened re-mixed copy of the song can be heard on Dos EPs compilation. It is out of print.
 Nabeshima Naozumi (鍋島 直澄 January 1 1616 – April 5 1669) was a Japanese daimyo of the early Edo period who ruled the Hasunoike Domain in Hizen Province (modern-day Saga Prefecture). He was the son of Nabeshima Katsushige and was a viable candidate for succession to the lordship of the Saga Domain upon the death of his brother Tadanao (Naozumi married Tadanao's widow); however this plan was unsuccessful.
 Olszowiec [ɔlˈʂɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Brochów 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Sochaczew and 47 km (29 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 50.
 Polaroids from the Dead is a collection of short stories and essays by Douglas Coupland. The theme is that each story is written from a collection of old polaroids Coupland found in a drawer. It is an attempt to describe the 1990s a decade that seemed to be living in a 1980s hangover. Topics of the stories include a Grateful Dead concert (source of The Dead in title) a post-mortem letter to Kurt Cobain Vancouver's Lions Gate Bridge and an homage to James Rosenquist's painting F-111.
 Phosinella cancellata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Lake Glenville is a reservoir located just 8 miles from Cashiers North Carolina. It was formed by the damming of the west fork of the Tuckasegee River in 1941. Between 1951 and 2002 it was officially known as Thorpe Reservoir after J. E. S. Thorpe Nantahala Power's first president. It is still listed as such on many maps. The lake bottom plunges as steeply as the mountains that meet the shore. The depth a short distance from the water’s edge may register 80 feet (24 m) or more.
 Clifton Hill Shot Tower is an 80 metre (263 ft) tall shot tower on Clifton Hill in Melbourne Australia. Clifton Hill Shot Tower was built beside Alexandra Parade in 1882 and resembles a chimney. The tower was operated by the Coops family who also managed Coops Shot Tower now located within the Melbourne Central Shopping Centre.The shot tower is easily visible from both Alexandra Parade and the northern end of Hoddle Street. The shot tower is on the Victorian Heritage Register.
 Open For Business is the debut album from American rapper Timz released in 2006.
 Sound of the Desert (Polish: Głos pustyni) is a 1932 Polish romantic film adventure directed by Michał Waszyński.
 The Red-brown Pipistrelle (Hypsugo kitcheneri) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found in Indonesia and possibly Malaysia.
 Aratz (meaning 'pure' in Basque after its stone surface devoid of vegetation) is a mountain of the Basque Country in Spain located at the mountain range Altzania (also called Urkilla) that provides the extension for the massif Aizkorri. It lies right on the line between provinces Gipuzkoa and Álava the summit rising at 1443 m high next to Elurzuloak (1431 m).
 Along Came Jones is the 1965 debut album recorded by Tom Jones and included his massive hit single It's Not Unusual. The album reached No 11. Some of the songs were covers and some were written especially for Jones like the Gordon Mills-penned The Rose.In July 1965 Parrot Records (USA Canada) issued an abridged (12 track) version of the album titled It's Not Unusual.
 Yerkramas (Russian: Еркрамас; Armenian: Երկրամաս) is an Armenian newspaper published in Krasnodar Russia.
 Álvaro Barreirinhas Cunhal who used the name Álvaro Cunhal (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈaɫvɐɾu kuˈɲaɫ]; Sé Nova Coimbra 10 November 1913 — Lisbon 13 June 2005) was a Portuguese politician. He was one of the major opponents of the dictatorial regime of Estado Novo. He served as secretary-general of the Portuguese Communist Party (PCP) from 1961 to 1992.
 Emotional Rescue is the 15th British and 17th American studio album by The Rolling Stones released in 1980. Upon release it topped the charts in both the US and UK.
 Leucozonia granulilabris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Elmer and the Dragon is the second in the My Father's Dragon trilogy of children's novels by Ruth Stiles Gannett. It is preceded by My Father's Dragon and followed by The Dragons of Blueland. In this book Elmer Elevator and his recently liberated dragon friend travel home but find themselves marooned on another island inhabited by talkative animals. The illustrations within the book are black and white lithographs done by Ruth Chrisman Gannett.
 Jafarabad-e Sofla (Persian: جعفرابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād-e Soflá; also known as Ja‘farābād-e Pā’īn Ja‘farābād-e Fārūj and Ja‘farābād) is a village in Titkanlu Rural District Khabushan District Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 863 in 223 families.
 Kropáčova Vrutice is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Ternopil pond or lake - is a large artificial pond set in the center of Ternopil in the place of swamps on the river Seret. A large pond in the center of the city was created at the initiative of Crown Hetman J. Tarnovsky during the construction of the Ternopil Castle. The main purpose of the pond was to protect the castle. In addition it was also used for fish breeding. Today Ternopil pond is surrounded by a park. It is a favorite walking place of residents and visitors of the city.
 Dichromodes consignata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Maytrees is American author Annie Dillard's second novel a fictional account of the lives of Toby and Lou Maytree in Provincetown MA from the time of courting to old age.
 Corpus Christi Catholic Church is a parish of the Diocese of Sioux City. The church is located in Fort Dodge Iowa United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Trachylepis maculata is a species of skink in the genus Trachylepis recorded from Demerara in Guyana northern South America. It is placed in the genus Trachylepis which is otherwise mostly restricted to Africa and its type locality may be in error. It is an unstriped olive-brown grayish animal with dark spots all over the body.
 Vijay Goel (born 4 January 1954) is an Indian politician affiliated with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He became president of its organisation in Delhi in February 2013. He was elected to Rajya Sabha from Rajasthan in 2014.A former Delhi University Students' Union president and an alumnus of Shri Ram College of Commerce. He has been the Member of Parliament for the 11th 12th and 13th Lok Sabha representing the Sadar and Chandni Chowk constituencies of Delhi.
 Subterranean is an MCD released by the Swedish melodic death metal band In Flames on 15 June 1995. It was remastered and re-released in 2003 by Regain Records. Dead Eternity is featured on The Jester Race with Anders Fridén as singer. The Inborn Lifeless also appears on The Jester Race but with a different name and lyrics (there titled Dead God in Me) and with an alternate ending and slightly different solo.
 Conan and the Treasure of Python is a fantasy novel written by John Maddox Roberts featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in November 1993; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in August 1994.
 Downtown Chelsea Residential Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Shurtleff Marginal and Division Streets and Bellingham Square in Chelsea Massachusetts.This district incorporates the Shurtleff School (now the Early Learning Center) and period structures around the school. Thearea had been completely devastated in the 1908 fire and had previously contained City Hall and a number of other community buildings.
 Turkish Policy Quarterly is an Istanbul-based quarterly magazine aiming to foster original thinking and constructive policy debates on Turkey and its neighborhood. It was established in 2002.
 Tarachodes maculisternum is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 Push the Sky Away is the fifteenth studio album by the Australian alternative rock band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds released on 18 February 2013 on the band's own label Bad Seed Ltd. Recorded at La Fabrique in southern France it is the band's first album not to feature founding member Mick Harvey who departed the band in January 2009 and the first album to feature founding member Barry Adamson since Your Funeral... My Trial (1986).
 Cyphoma christahemmenae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Sukhipur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7622 people living in 1434 individual households.
 The Downtown Main Street Historic District in North Wilkesboro North Carolina is a 3-acre (1.2 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. It then included 29 buildings deemed to contribute to the historic character of the area.It includes work by architects Benton & Benton.
 The Jameh Mosque of Saveh (Persian: مسجد جامع ساوه‎ – Masjid-e-Jāmeh Sāveh) is a Seljuk-era mosque located in Saveh Iran. This monument was built in the 12th century coinciding with the establishment of the city itself.
 The Laredo Morning Times is a daily newspaper publication based in Laredo Texas USA. It is owned by the Hearst Corporation.The Laredo Morning Times was founded on June 14 1881 as the Laredo Weekly a four-page newspaper published by James Saunders Penn. Two years later the paper became a daily as the Laredo Daily Times. In 1986 William B. Green became only the ninth publisher of the Laredo Morning Times which started in a corner of a downtown building on Farragut Street in Laredo.
 Chumash Peak is a 1257 ft (383 m) hill in San Luis Obispo California. The peak is the sixth in a series of volcanic plugs known as the Nine Sisters. In 1964 the hill was named in recognition of the Chumash Indians who lived in the area due to efforts by Louisiana Dart curator of the San Luis Obispo County Museum.Access to the peak is currently unavailable.The peak was recently quarried for the foundations of new Cuesta College buildings.
 Kabhrechaur is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4097 people living in 669 individual households.
 WWE Originals is an album recorded by various World Wrestling Entertainment performers. They each recorded a song that was true to their musical tastes with Stone Cold Steve Austin appearing on five short spoken tracks with Jim Johnston as interludes.Included with the album was a limited edition DVD. This was the first album WWE released with their WWE Records brand (a joint venture of WWE and Columbia/Sony).
 Al-Tina was a Palestinian Arab village in the Ramle Subdistrict of Mandatory Palestine. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War on July 8 1948 by the Givati Brigade under Operation An-Far. It was located 20. km south of Ramla.In 1945 the village had a population of 750.
 Ziegfeld Girl is a 1941 American musical film starring James Stewart Judy Garland Hedy Lamarr and Lana Turner and co-starring Tony Martin Jackie Cooper Eve Arden and Philip Dorn. Released by MGM it was directed by Robert Z. Leonard and featured musical numbers by Busby Berkeley.Set in the 1920s the film tells the parallel stories of three women who become performers in the renowned Broadway show the Ziegfeld Follies.
 Dr Gunasagaran Gounder is a Fiji Indian medical doctor who rose into prominence when he as a Fiji Labour Party candidate defeated the Leader of Opposition Jai Ram Reddy of the National Federation Party in the contest for the Yasawa Nawaka Open Constituency seat in the 1999 general election.
 Acutimitoceras is a genus belonging to the Acutimitoceratinae subfamily of the Prionoceratidae family a member of the Goniatitida order. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Lincoln Historic District is a historic district encompassing the community of Lincoln New Mexico. It includes a number of buildings including Wright House Dr. Wood's Office and the Watson House Curry Saloon Wortley Hotel Penfield Shop and Home Tunstall Store Old Mill Ellis Store Old Courthouse Montano Store.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960.
 Alaska Journal of Commerce is a weekly newspaper based in Anchorage Alaska.
 Infinite Jest is an EP by American indie rock band We Are The Fury. It was released in 2006 as a re-issue of their 2005 EP The Fury. Its name is taken from the David Foster Wallace novel entitled Infinite Jest the title of which is in turn taken from a line in William Shakespeare's Hamlet. It was the band's second EP and the only one to be released under the New Armada record label.
 Have You Heard? is the second Dick Morrissey Quartet album. It was recorded July/August 1963 and released on Doug Dobell's 77 Records label.
 Ernest Lee Ernie Fletcher (born November 12 1952) is an American physician and politician. In 1998 he was elected to the first of three consecutive terms in the United States House of Representatives; he resigned in 2003 after being elected the 60th Governor of Kentucky and served in that office until 2007. Prior to his entry into politics Fletcher was a family practice physician and a Baptist lay minister.
 Cerro de Coxóm is a stratovolcano in Totonicapán in western Guatemala. The 3045-metre (9990 ft) high volcano is located at the eastern edge of the valley of Quetzaltenango.
 The Taro (Latin Tarus) is a river in Emilia-Romagna in northern Italy. It is a tributary of the Po and is 126 km long. It flows almost entirely in the province of Parma west of the city Parma. The Taro flows into the Po near Gramignazzo a frazione of the comune of Sissa north of Parma.The Val di Taro or Taro valley the drainage basin of the river occupies an area of 2026 km2 (782 sq mi).
 Habash (Persian: حبش‎ also Romanized as Ḩabash; also known as Ḩabashī) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 53 families.
 The Adolescents (Spanish: Los adolescentes) is a 1968 Mexican drama film directed by Abel Salazar. The film was selected as the Mexican entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 40th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Wilbur Comics was a comic book published from 1944 to 1965. The comic featured the fictional character Wilbur Wilkin a contemporary of Archie. Wilbur Wilkin actually made his first appearance in Zip Comics #18 three months before Archie's first appearance. Wilbur also made appearances in several other Archie comics such as Pep Comics as a backup feature. Of particular note popular Archie character Katy Keene made her first appearance in Wilbur Comics #5.
 Believed is the third album by American pop singer-songwriter actor Jamie Walters. It was released on June 26 2002 through indie label Leisure Records. It is a pop/rock guitar driven album.
 B Bond Warehouse (grid reference ST570720) was a Bonded warehouse serving Bristol Harbour.It dates from 1908. It was designed by the Docks Committee engineer and built by William Cowlin and Sons. It is made from reinforced concrete with the ground floor in black brick with a low plinth and patent red bricks blue engineering bricks Pennant stone steps terracotta details and a Welsh slate roof. The open plan building was created in two equal parts separated by central spine wall.
 The Sandman is a children's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Richard Cowdrey. It was first published in 2008 by Henry Holt and Company.
 Ethmia thoraea is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found from the north coast of Queensland to coastal New South Wales and inland at Cunnamulla in Queensland and Mount Kaputar in New South Wales.The forewings are grey with black spots.The larvae possibly feed on Cynoglossum australe.
 Sucker's Portfolio by Kurt Vonnegut is a collection of six short stories one non-fiction essay and one unfinished short story written by Vonnegut and published posthumously by Amazon Publishing. The collection was initially released in early 2013 as serial episodes available on the Kindle e-reader. It was released as a complete book on March 12 2013.
 Clear Skies (Russian: Чистое небо translit. Chistoe nebo) is a 1961 Soviet romance film directed by Grigori Chukhrai. It won the Grand Prix (in a tie with Kaneto Shindo's The Naked Island) at the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Golden Time of Day is the second album by Bay Area-based R&B group Maze. Released in 1978 on Capitol Records.
 Shiloh Baptist Church is a historic church at 720 Mt. Vernon Avenue in Columbus Ohio.It was built in 1923 and added to the National Register in 2004.
 Gnaphosa mcheidzeae is a ground spider species found in Georgia.
 The Wine of Summer is a 2013 romantic drama film written directed and produced by Maria Matteoli starring Elsa Pataky Sonia Braga Ethan Peck Najwa Nimri Bob Wells and Marcia Gay Harden.
 Bellefleur is a magic realist novel by Joyce Carol Oates about the generations of an upstate New York family. It is the first book in Oates' Gothic Saga and at the time of publication represented a major departure from the modern-day themes about which Oates had written up to that point.
 Oka Radha Iddaru Krishnula Pelli (Telugu: ఒక రాధ ఇద్దరు కృష్ణుల పెళ్ళి ) is a 2003 Telugu film directed by G.Nageswara Reddy and produced by DVV Danayya and J Bhagavan under Sri Balaji Creations. The film stars Srikanth Prabhu Deva and Namitha in the lead roles.
 Barathrodemus is a genus of cusk-eels found in deep waters.
 Big Tit Sisters: Blow Through the Valley (巨乳な姉妹　～谷間に吸いつけ～ Kyonyūna Shimai ~Tanima ni Suitsuke~) aka Three Rules to be the Witch (魔女になるための３つのルール Majo ni Naru Tame no Mittsu no Rūru) is a 2006 Japanese pink film directed by Yumi Yoshiyuki. It was chosen as the 7th Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and the walkerplus film site named it the sixth best pink film of the year.
 Young Canadian Mothers is an EP by the Canadian musician Owen Pallett released in 2006 under the name Final Fantasy. It was limited to 500 copies.
 Nocturna (more commonly referred to by its promotional title Nocturna: Granddaughter of Dracula) is a 1979 film conceived by star Nai Bonet and written and directed by Harry Hurwitz who was credited as Harry Tampa. This was the fourth and final time John Carradine played Count Dracula; he had also played him in House of Frankenstein House of Dracula and Billy the Kid vs. Dracula. It premiered in France at the Paris Festival of Fantastic Films on March 1 1979 to coincide with its U.S.
 Mary Mac's Tea Room is a historic restaurant in Atlanta Georgia serving Southern cuisine. Every morning the workers shuck bushels of corn hand wash selected greens and snap the fresh green beans by hand. Breads and desserts are baked on the premises. The restaurant is located in the Midtown district at 224 Ponce de Leon Avenue. The current owner is John Ferrell.
 Espectacular (English: Spectacular) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel in 1978 and re-released on July 30 1996.
 The Pen-Pictures of Modern Africans and African Celebrities is a prosopography or collective biography of prominent (Euro-)African families on what was then the British Gold Coast written by the prominent Gold Coast African Charles Francis Hutchison around 1929. The document remains an important source for scientific research on the history of the colony and was for this purpose republished in an annotated scholarly edition by Michel Doortmont of the University of Groningen in 2004.
 Jah Kingdom is a studio album by Jamaican reggae singer Burning Spear.
 Tennis Magazine (styled as TENNIS magazine) is an American sports magazine owned by the Miller Publishing Group LLC. It is a monthly magazine (but only 8 per year) which covers news from the world of tennis.
 Live at Largo is a live album by singer/songwriter and former Toad the Wet Sprocket singer/songwriter Glen Phillips. A self-released effort it is a compilation of recordings from his performances at the Los Angeles California nightclub Largo. The album features some of his solo songs as well as Toad the Wet Sprocket songs and cover versions of songs by artists like Randy Newman and Greg Brown (folk musician).
 Sudigundalu (English:Whirlpools): is a 1968 Telugu drama film directed by Adurthi Subba Rao. The film has garnered the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu. The film marked the debut of Nagarjuna Akkineni in a cameo
 Batrachedra psithyra is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is found in New Zealand.The larvae feed on various ferns.
 The South Para River is a river in Australia. It rises in the Mount Lofty Ranges near Mount Crawford and Kersbrook and flows northwest through the Mount Lofty Ranges passing through the Warren Reservoir and the South Para Reservoir before merging with the North Para River in Gawler forming the Gawler River.The South Para River catchment is one of the key watersheds in the northern Mount Lofty Ranges.
 Marin Creek is a creek tributary of Codornices Creek in northwestern Alameda County California. The lower stretch of Marin Creek is also known as Village Creek.
 Janików [jaˈnikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Ożarów 21 km (13 mi) east of Opatów and 77 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 200 and used to be a town from 1559 to 1827 and in the past Janikow was a local center of stonemasonry.
 The Very Persistent Gappers of Frip is short story writer George Saunders’s first children's book.
 Sam Houston Schoolhouse is a single-room log cabin-style schoolhouse in Maryville Tennessee built in 1794. Sam Houston taught at the school as a young man before the War of 1812.The schoolhouse is a Tennessee state historic site operated under an agreement with the Tennessee Historical Commission. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Dianne L. Watts is a Canadian politician who is the mayor of Surrey British Columbia the second-largest city in the province. She was elected in 2005 to this office as the city's first female mayor.
 Popcorn is a 1996 novel by the British writer Ben Elton. It shares themes with a number of movies from the mid-1990s most notably Natural Born Killers by Oliver Stone and Pulp Fiction and Reservoir Dogs by Quentin Tarantino. The play version of the novel is used by the IEB (Independent Education Board) In South Africa as one of their Postmodern set-work plays for Dramatic Arts.
 3 Days to Kill is a 2014 French-American action thriller film directed by McG and written by Luc Besson and Adi Hasak. The film stars Kevin Costner Amber Heard Hailee Steinfeld Connie Nielsen Richard Sammel and Eriq Ebouaney. The film was released on February 21 2014.The film although a modest box office success has received negative reviews.
 Jazz Samba Encore! is a bossa nova album by Stan Getz and Luiz Bonfá released on the Verve label. It is bossa nova in a slower groove. It contains a mix of Jobim standards as well as originals from Bonfá. Performers also include Antonio Carlos Jobim and vocalist Maria Toledo Bonfá's wife. Some songs are more subdued in tone while other performances notably O Morro Não Tem Vez featuring a blistering solo from Getz are louder and quite upbeat.
 Ithaa which means mother-of-pearl in Dhivehi is the very first undersea restaurant in the world located 5 metres (16 ft) below sea level at the Conrad Maldives Rangali Island in Alif Dhaal Atoll in the Republic of Maldives. The 5-by-9-metre (16 by 30 ft) mostly acrylic structure has a capacity of 14 people and is encased in R-Cast acrylic with a transparent roof offering a 270° panoramic underwater view. The restaurant was designed and constructed by M.J. Murphy Ltd.
 Horama rawlinsi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by McCabe in 1992. It is found in the Dominican Republic and Haiti.
 Deadfall is a 1993 comedy-drama film directed by Christopher Coppola. Coppola co-wrote the script with Nick Vallelonga. The film stars Michael Biehn Nicolas Cage Charlie Sheen James Coburn and Peter Fonda.
 Rated X is a 2000 American television film starring brothers Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez with the latter also directing. Based on the nonfiction book X-Rated by David McCumber the film chronicles the story of the Mitchell brothers Jim and Artie Mitchell who were pioneers in the pornography and strip club businesses in San Francisco in the 1970s and 1980s. The film focuses on the making of their most profitable film Behind the Green Door.
 Brebowbach is a creek in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The U.S. Post Office in Beacon New York is located on Main Street (New York State Route 52 Business). It serves the ZIP Code 12508 covering the entire city of Beacon and some of the neighboring areas of the Town of Fishkill. It is a stone structure in the Dutch Colonial Revival architectural style built in the mid-1930s.
 Hyalinarcha is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Rhythm Devils Concert Experience is a 2008 two-disc DVD concert and documentary of the Rhythm Devils 2006 tour featuring members of the Grateful Dead Phish The Other Ones and Deep Banana Blackout. The name Rhythm Devils was originally a nickname for Dead drummers Mickey Hart and Bill Kreutzmann.
 Çevretepe is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 The Great Synagogue is the main synagogue of the Jewish community in Copenhagen Denmark. The synagogue is defined by its unique architecture around the Ark of the Law. During the first half of the 19th century synagogues continued to be built in the classical tradition but there began to be a revival of Greek and Roman architecture.
 Hermes Palace Hotel is the first and only four-star international hotel in Banda Aceh Aceh northern Sumatra Indonesia.[citation needed] The hotel has 159 rooms and was first inaugurated in 2006 under the name Swiss-Belhotel Banda Aceh. The hotel regularly hosts conferences. In April 2010 it was the venue for the Seventh Session of the Intergovernmental Coordination Group for the Indian Ocean Tsunami Warning and Mitigation System.
 Don't Shoot the Messenger is an EP by Puscifer. Three of the tracks were previously released on soundtracks Trekka (Sean Beavan Mix) being the only exception. REV 22:20 was released on the Underworld soundtrack REV 22:20 (4:20 Mix) was released on the Saw II soundtrack and The Undertaker (Renholdër Mix) was released on the Underworld: Evolution soundtrack.
 Hadsel Church (Norwegian: Hadsel kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hadsel in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Hadsel just east of the town of Stokmarknes on the island of Hadseløya. The church is part of the Hadsel parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The red wooden octagonal church building was constructed in 1824 and it seats about 500 people.
 Hydrelia condensata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North America including Indiana Maryland Massachusetts Minnesota New Brunswick New Hampshire Ohio Pennsylvania Quebec Tennessee and West Virginia.The wingspan is about 18 mm.
 The Little River is an 18.8-mile-long (30.3 km) tributary of the Presumpscot River in the U.S. state of Maine. It rises in the northern part of the town of Buxton in York County and flows southeast then northeast into Gorham in Cumberland County. It flows northeast and east across Gorham reaching the Presumpscot at the eastern boundary of the town across from Windham.
 The Excalibur Alternative is a science fiction novel written by David Weber and published by Baen Books in 2002. It is one of several novels based on the premise of David Drake's 1986 novel Ranks of Bronze. This novel is based on the short story Sir George and the Dragon which appeared in the 2001 anthology Foreign Legions.
 Kitki [ˈkitki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dzierzgowo 16 km (10 mi) east of Mława and 106 km (66 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Krasowo-Siódmaki [kraˈsɔvɔ ɕudˈmaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Loxophlebia geminata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana.
 MLA Sandeep Naik (born August 4 1978) Sandeep Naik son of Nationalist Congress party heavyweight and state Excise Minister and Non-conventional Energy Minister Shri Ganesh Naik and younger brother of Thane NCP and NCP Chief Whip MP Sanjeev Naik.
 The Cathedral Church of St. John the Evangelist usually known as Salford Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the City of Salford in Greater Manchester England. Located on Chapel Street Salford not far from Manchester city centre it is the seat of the Bishop of Salford and mother church of the Diocese of Salford. The architectural style is decorated neo-Gothic and the Cathedral is a Grade II* listed building.
 Nalla is a 2004 Kannada romance-drama film directed by V. Nagendra Prasad featuring Sudeep and Sangeetha in the lead roles. The film features background score and soundtrack composed by Venkat Narayan and lyrics by V. Nagendra Prasad. The film released on 12 November 2004.
 In Search of the Lost Divine Arc is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & the Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released by Important Records in 2013. The album is available on CD and as a deluxe blue vinyl double-LP limited to 200 copies.
 The spotted wolffish (Anarhichas minor) is a large marine fish of the Anarhichadidae family. Other common names include leopardfish and spotted catfish. It is classified as a threatened species at risk of extinction.The bottom-dwelling spotted wolffish is found across the North Atlantic from north of Russia to the Scotian Shelf off Nova Scotia. The population declined by about 90% from the late 1970s through the early 1990s particularly in the northern part of its range.
 Rõõmulaul (English: The Song of Joy) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It was first published in 1966 in Lund Sweden by Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv (Estonian Writers' Cooperative). In Estonia it was published only in 1993.
 Lake Miragoâne is a lake in Haiti located one kilometer southeast of the city of Miragoâne. It is one of the largest natural freshwater lakes in the Caribbean. The lake is 12 km (7.5 mi) long and 25 km² (9.7 mi²) in area.
 The Church of St Edward King and Martyr in Goathurst Somerset England dates from the 14th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The parish was originally part of the Royal Forest of North Petherton and its first squire owned St Edward's church.
 Słodkówko [swɔtˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchań within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Suchań 17 km (11 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 48 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Meszne [ˈmɛʂnɛ] (German: Wedderwill) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łobez and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 80.
 Lt.Col. Wilfred Bennett Davidson-Houston (3 January 1870 – 18 September 1960) was a British army officer who fought in the Anglo-Ashanti wars. Later he became a colonial administrator in the British West Indies.
 For the 2007 remake of the same name see Hairspray (2007 film)Hairspray is a 1988 American romantic musical comedy film written and directed by John Waters and starring Ricki Lake Divine (in his final film role) Debbie Harry Sonny Bono Jerry Stiller Leslie Ann Powers Colleen Fitzpatrick and Michael St. Gerard. Hairspray was a dramatic departure from Waters' earlier works with a much broader intended audience.
 John Joseph Jack Ginifer (31 August 1927 – 9 July 1982) was an Australian politician.Ginifer was born in Warracknabeal Victoria to Joseph Ginifer a salesman from England and Agnes Harper. He was educated at schools in Benalla then undertook teacher training at Melbourne Teachers' College and a Bachelor of Arts at the University of Melbourne.
 Viira is a village in Veriora Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Fouad Douiri (Arabic: فؤاد الدويري‎; born 1960 in Fes) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal Party. He was Minister of Energy Mines Water and Environment in Abdelilah Benkirane's cabinet.
 The Albany Institute of History & Art (AIHA) is a museum in Albany New York United States dedicated to collecting preserving interpreting and promoting interest in the history art and culture of Albany and the Upper Hudson Valley region. It is located on Washington Avenue (New York State Route 5) in downtown Albany. Founded in 1791 it is among the oldest museums in the United States.Several other institutions have merged over time to become today's Albany Institute.
 Pavares (Persian: پاورس‎ also Romanized as Pāvares and Pavars) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 36 families.
 The Battle of the Baltic is the title of an upbeat patriotic poem written in 1801 by the Scottish poet Thomas Campbell. Its subject is the naval Battle of Copenhagen fought earlier that year between the fleets of Britain and Denmark.Its first lines run:
 Jeff Cogen is a politician in the U.S. state of Oregon. He was chairman of the Multnomah County Board of Commissioners from 2010 to 2013. Multnomah County is Oregon’s most populous county with approximately 742000 residents. The cities of Portland Fairview Gresham Maywood Park Troutdale and Wood Village are all located within Multnomah County.
 Etobicoke Creek /ɛˈtoʊbɨkoʊ/ is a river in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario Canada. It is a tributary of Lake Ontario and runs from Caledon to southern Etobicoke part of the City of Toronto. The creek is within the jurisdiction of the Toronto and Region Conservation Authority.
 William Anthony Bill Dotzler Jr. (born May 7 1948) is the Iowa State Senator from the 11th District. A Democrat he has served in the Iowa Senate since 2003 and is currently an assistant majority leader.
 William J. Billy McCoy (born August 14 1942) is an American farmer and Democratic politician from Rienzi Mississippi. He was the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the State of Mississippi.
 Paddys River a watercourse of the Murray catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Australian Alpine region of New South Wales Australia.
 Fear in the Night is a 1972 British psychological horror film directed by Jimmy Sangster and produced by Hammer Film Productions. It was written by Sangster and Michael Syston produced by Sangster and stars Judy Geeson Joan Collins and Peter Cushing. In the United States it was released as part of a double bill with Demons of the Mind.
 Mount Haynes el. 8218 feet (2505 m) is a prominent peak adjacent to the Madison River in Yellowstone National Park. The peak was named by then Yellowstone superintendent Horace Albright to honor Frank Jay Haynes (1853–1921) the first official photographer of the park. Prior to being named Mount Haynes the peak was unofficially called Mount Burley for D. E. Burley of the Union Pacific Railroad. Today there is an interpretive overlook along the Madison River just opposite the peak.
 Mount Holly Cemetery is the original cemetery in the Quapaw Quarter area of downtown Little Rock Arkansas United States and is the burial place for numerous Arkansans of note.
 Stand Your Ground is the second album by the band Little Barrie. The album is produced by Dan the Automator and Mike Prince Fatty Pelanconi. The band went for a more straight rock’n’roll sound in their own words as a result of touring the first record ... we wanted more something more rock’n’roll to play on stage. And it’s partly because while we were touring we were getting back into stuff we hadn’t listened to for a while like old garage stuff and The Cramps.
 A.F.R.I.K.A. (Hangul: 아프리카; RR: Apeurika) is a 2002 South Korean film in the action comedy genre directed by Shin Seung-soo and starring Lee Yo-won Kim Min-sun Lee Young-jin and Jo Eun-ji. The film's title is an acronym for Adoring Four Revolutionary Idols Korean Association.
 5 Sundarikal (English: Five Beautiful Women) is a 2013 Malayalam romantic anthology film. It contains five short stories on love about five types of women. The stories are directed by Shyju Khalid Sameer Thahir Aashiq Abu Amal Neerad and Anwar Rasheed and feature an ensemble cast. The film was produced by Amal Neerad Productions. The music directors are Gopi Sundar Bijibal Prashant Pillai and Yakzan Gary Pereira. The film reached theatres on June 20.
 Platyptilia strictiformis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo Tanzania and Uganda.
 Koh e Hindaki Romanized Hendaki Endakī Indikki Indiki and Hindka’i (Persian: کوه هندکی ‎ Mountain of the Hindu Region) is a mountain of the Hindu Kush in Afghanistan.It is located near Bagrami District Kabul Province.Hindaki was a very large room. The area was on both sides of the ridges of the southern of Kassa ye Kabul (Kabul Basin). Hindaki is not a mountain but a phenomenon of the most important historical significance. Over the history of the area Hindaki has been minimized.
 The Attic is a 2008 horror film directed by Mary Lambert starring Elisabeth Moss Jason Lewis Tom Malloy and Catherine Mary Stewart.
 Hilde Urbanie Julia Crevits (born in Torhout 28 June 1967) is a Flemish politician and member of the Christian Democratic and Flemish party who is currently the Flemish minister of Mobility and Public Works.Crevits graduated from Ghent University as a Licentiate of Law in 1990 and subsequently became a lawyer.Crevits served on the provincial council of West Flanders from 1999 to 2004 when she was elected to the Flemish Parliament in the 2004 regional elections.
 The Clock Tower of Ulcinj (Albanian: Sahat Kulla) was built in Ulcinj Montenegro in 1754 with the help of donations made by the citizens of Ulcinj. The main purposes of the tower were calling people to their jobs reminding them of their duties and making them aware of the time. Its location was carefully chosen as it can be seen or its clock heard from every part of the town. It has a rectangular base and it was made of a nicely unregular cut stone.
 Chemosphere is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1972 by Elsevier. It publishes both original research and review articles in environmental chemistry. The 2012 impact factor of this journal is 3.137.The following sections and subject fields are included: persistent organic pollutants and dioxins environmental chemistry environmental toxicology and risk assessment science for environmental technology↑
 Anarchy Comics was a series of underground comic books published by Last Gasp between 1978 and 1987 as part of the underground comix subculture of the era.
 Bernie Morelli (June 8 1943 – January 14 2014) was a city councillor in Hamilton Ontario.
 The Summer Flounder (Paralichthys dentatus) is a marine flatfish that is found in the Atlantic Ocean off the East coast of the United States and Canada. It is especially abundant in waters from North Carolina to Massachusetts.
 Come Saturday Morning was an LP album featuring The Sandpipers released by A&M Records in August 1970. The catalog numbers were SP 4262 in the United States and AMLS 99 in the United Kingdom. The album reached #96 on the Billboard charts.The title track was also issued as a single and reached #17 on the Billboard charts.
 Greta Hall Goodwin was a Democratic member of the Kansas Senate representing the 32nd District from 1997 through 2008. Earlier she was a member of the Kansas House of Representatives from 1993 through 1996.
 Leslie (Les) Roy Mills CNZM MBE (born 1 November 1934 in Auckland) is a retired New Zealand athlete who represented New Zealand at the Olympic Games and Commonwealth Games over two decades. He competed in shot put discus and weightlifting events. At the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games he achieved his best result a gold medal in discus.Mills opened his first gym in 1968 and gives his name to Les Mills International a company founded by his son Phillip Mills.
 Lake Tohopekaliga Tohopeka ([from tohopke /(i)to-hó:pk-i/ fence fort]); Tohopekaliga [from tohopke /(i)to-hó:pk-i/ fence fort + likv /léyk-a/ site] also referred to as Lake Toho West Lake or simply 2hu native name meaning we will gather together here is the largest lake located in Osceola County Florida United States. It is the primary inflow of Shingle Creek which rises in Orlando. It covers 22700 acres (91.86 km2) and spans 42 miles (68 km) in circumference.
 El signo de la muerte (The Sign of Death) is a 1939 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta and stars Carlos Orellana.Cast Manuel Medel: Medel Elena D'Orgaz: Lola Ponce Carlos Orellana: Dr. Gallardo Tomás Perrín: Carlos Manzano Matilde Corell: Aunt Mati Max Langler: Matlatzin [[Elia D'Erzell: Alicia*]] Manuel Arvide: Jefe de redacción (sin acreditar) Raúl Guerrero: Drunk man Rafael Icardo
 Lu Hsiu-yi (Chinese: 盧修一; pinyin: Lú Xiūyī; Wade–Giles: Lú Hsiū-ī) was a Taiwanese politician and member of the Legislative Yuan.
 Vacaciones is a 1947 Argentine film.
 Mirabad (Persian: ميراباد‎ also Romanized as Mīrābād; also known as Kalāteh Mīrābād and Kalāteh-ye Mīrābād) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 7 families.
 Makh (Persian: ماخ‎ also Romanized as Mākh) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 49 families.
 Born A Lion is the debut album by Canadian rock band Danko Jones.Tara Maclean sings backing vocals on track Love is Unkind.
 Koprki [ˈkɔprki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 19 km (12 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 140.
 International Crook is a 1974 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra Saira Banu & Feroz Khan who was nominated the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor.
 Robert O. Beers (February 29 1916 – October 8 2005) was a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate serving from 1963 to 1970.
 Gen. Piotr Jaroszewicz (['pjɔtr jarɔˈʂɛvit͡ʂ] ; 8 October 1909 – 1 September 1992) was a post World War II Polish political figure. He served as the Prime Minister of Poland between 1970 and 1980.
 The Cliftonville Hotel is a AA 3 star Hotel and Grade II listed building located in the English seaside town of Cromer in the county of Norfolk United Kingdom.
 Alithies & Psemata (Greek: Αλήθειες & Ψέματα; English: Truths & Lies) is the title of the 7th studio album by Greek Modern Laika singer Antonis Remos. The 15 track album was released on November 18 2008 by Sony BMG Greece and is his first studio album of entirely new material since 2005.
 Chetpet Ramaswami Iyer Pattabhiraman (Tamil: சேத்துப்பட்டு ராமசவாமி அய்யர் பட்டாபிராமன்) (b. November 11 1906 - d. June 19 2001) was an Indian lawyer politician and statesman from the Indian National Congress. He was the eldest son of Indian statesman C. P. Ramaswami Iyer. He served as a Member of Indian Parliament from Kumbakonam from 1957 to 1967 and as a Union Minister from 1966 to 1967.
 The Banker Kirchenkogel is a mountain in the Gurgler Kamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Cumberland Narrows (or simply The Narrows) is a water gap in western Maryland in the United States just west of Cumberland Maryland. Wills Creek cuts through the central ridge of the Wills Mountain Anticline at a low elevation here between Wills Mountain to the north and Haystack Mountain to the south. Cliffs and talus of the two mountains' Tuscarora quartzite caprock are prominent within the Narrows.
 Xuelian Feng Xuelian Peak or Snow Lotus Peak is one of the major mountains of the Tian Shan mountain range. It lies in Xinjiang province China about 50 kilometres (30 mi) east-northeast of Jengish Chokusu the highest peak in the range. It is notable for its large steep relief above the nearby valleys and for its large topographic prominence. (It is ranked 84th in the world by this measure).
 The Ariniș River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
 Somar Jan (Persian: سمارجان‎ also Romanized as Somār Jān; also known as Somād Jān) is a village in Simakan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 40 families.
 Providence is an American/Canadian 1991 film directed by David Mackay starring Keanu Reeves.
 Mass Grave Aesthetics is a 19-minute EP containing a single song recorded by the French black metal band Deathspell Omega. Mass Grave Aesthetics was released through Norma Evangelium Diaboli on 8 December 2008.
 Neophaeus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Kilgore Hills are a mountain range in Siskiyou County California.
 The African Leaders' State of Africa Report offers a commentary on politics and policies from the perspective of the individuals shaping those trends.
 Emergency Act 19 (Hangul: 긴급조치 19호; RR: Gimgeubjochi 19ho) is a satirical 2002 South Korean film about a government act that prohibits popular music passed in response to a number of musicians being elected to government elsewhere in the world. It is notable for the numerous K-pop stars that make appearances in the film. The film's English title is sometimes given as Emergency Measure 19 or Emergency 19.
 Bertholdia fumida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Last Tango in Moscow is Angelic Upstarts's 6th album released in 1984.
 The Sagebrush Troubadour is a 1935 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Gene Autry Barbara Pepper and Smiley Burnette. Written by Oliver Drake and Joseph F. Poland the film is about two Texas Rangers traveling undercover as western troubadours in search of the killer of an old half-blind man.
 The gafftopsail catfish Bagre marinus is found in the waters of the western central Atlantic Ocean as well as the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea. It has long venomous spines which can cause painful wounds. It feeds on crustaceans and other fish. The male of the species fertilizes the eggs of the female and broods them in his mouth until they hatch. The gafftopsail feeds throughout the water column.
 Camas Creek is a 63-mile (101 km) long tributary of Mud Lake in the U.S. state of Idaho. Beginning at an elevation of 6287 feet (1916 m) near Kilgore in northeastern Clark County it flows southwest into Jefferson County and receives its largest tributary Beaver Creek. It then passes through the Camas National Wildlife Refuge and reaches its mouth northeast of the town of Mud Lake at an elevation of 4783 feet (1458 m). Camas Creek has a 1011-square-mile (2618 km2) watershed.
 Zacisze [zaˈt͡ɕiʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The Mountain Calls (German: Der Berg Ruft) is a film directed by Luis Trenker which recreates the struggle between Edward Whymper and Jean-Antoine Carrel for the first successful ascent of the Matterhorn in 1865.The film is a remake of Der Kampf ums Matterhorn (Struggle for the Matterhorn) in which Trenker acted in 1928.
 Jürgen Trittin (born 25 July 1954) is a German Green politician. He was Federal Minister for the Environment Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety from 1998 to 2005 in Germany.
 The Golden Stallion is a 1949 American western film directed by William Witney and starring Roy Rogers Dale Evans and Estelita Rodriguez. The film was part of the long-running series of Roy Rogers films produced by Republic Pictures.
 Colombe is a play in four acts by French dramatist Jean Anouilh written in 1950 created at the Théâtre de l'Atelier on February 10 1951 in a mise-en-scène set and costumes by André Barsacq and published in 1951 at Éditions de la Table ronde in Pièces brillantes.
 Five Run Away Together (published in 1944) is the third book in the Famous Five series by the British author Enid Blyton.
 Send in the Clowns is a 1981 studio album by Sarah Vaughan accompanied by the Count Basie Orchestra.This was Vaughan's third album with the Count Basie Orchestra her previous two were No Count Sarah (1958) and Count Basie/Sarah Vaughan (1961).
 Talara is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Crystal Palace is a skyscraper in Ljubljana Slovenia situated within the BTC City shopping centre in Nove Jarše district in the northwestern part of the city. Standing 89 metres (290 ft) and 20 storeys tall it is currently the tallest building in Slovenia.The building houses higher-class shops a wellness centre business offices and a congress hall.
 Sir Francis Godschall Johnson (January 1 1817 – May 27 1894) was a Canadian office holder. He was appointed Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba on April 9 1872 but had his commission revoked before he was sworn in. In 1889 he was appointed the 4th Chief Justice of the Province of Quebec.
 The Michael Sweetser House is a historic house at 15 Nahant Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house was built c. 1755 by Michael Sweetser an early settler of the area. It is traditionally Georgian in character although its front door surround was added during Greek Revival period of the mid 19th century.
 Róbert Gajda (born 1978) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Békés County Regional List since 2010.He is a member of the Committee on Human Rights Minority Civic and Religious Affairs since May 14 2010 and Committee on Local Government and Regional Development since November 8 2010.
 Conan the Savage is a fantasy novel written by Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in November 1992; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in August 1993 and was reprinted in March 1999.
 Ju-on: The Grudge 2 is a 2003 Japanese horror film and the fourth installment in the Ju-on series. The film was written and directed by Takashi Shimizu. It was released in Japan on August 23 2003.The series follows a curse created by a murdered housewife in a house in Nerima. The curse falls on anyone who enters the house where the murders took place.
 Excuse My Glove is a 1936 British black-and-white comedy sports film directed by Redd Davis starring Ronald Shiner as Perky Pat Bobbie Comber as Bivex and Pancho Villa as himself. It was produced by Alexander Film Productions.
 Lone Cone elevation 12618 ft (3846 m) is the westernmost summit in the San Miguel Mountains of the Uncompahgre National Forest in southwestern Colorado.
 The Yaak River (spelled Yahk River in Canada) is a tributary of the Kootenay River (spelled Kootenai in the United States) in the U.S. state of Montana and the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 Massachusetts Bay is a bay on the Atlantic Ocean that forms part of the coastline of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The bay extends from Cape Ann on the north to Plymouth Harbor on the south a distance of about 42 miles (68 km).Its northern and southern shores incline toward each other through the entrance to Boston Harbor where they are about five miles apart. The depth from the base of the triangle to Boston Harbor is about 21 miles (34 km).
 Leptostylus gnomus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné & Hoffmann in 1981.
 The Ciobănuș River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Jenny Rathbone AM is a Welsh Labour and Co-operative politician.
 Rouen Cathedral (French: Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Rouen) is a Roman Catholic Gothic cathedral in Rouen in northwestern France. It is the seat of the Archbishop of Rouen and Normandy.
 FabricLive.26 is a DJ mix album mixed by The Herbaliser recorded as part of the FabricLive albums and released on the Fabric label in February 2006.- Ollie Teeba of The Herbaliser
 India Tower (previously known as the Park Hyatt Tower; also known as the Dynamix Balwas Tower or DB Tower) is a 126 storey 718-metre (2356 ft) supertall skyscraper that began construction in the city of Mumbai India in 2010. Construction work was put on hold in 2011.
 If you haven't seen this movie you should go see it
 Shahrak-e Isar (Persian: شهرك ايثار‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Īs̄ār) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 866 in 200 families.
 Vexillum cingulatum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Cemetery of the Evergreens is a non-denominational cemetery in Brooklyn and Queens New York colloquially called Evergreen Cemetery. It was incorporated in 1849 not long after the passage of New York's Rural Cemetery Act spurred development of cemeteries outside Manhattan. For a time it was the busiest cemetery in New York City; in 1929 there were 4673 interments. The cemetery borders Brooklyn and Queens and covers 225 acres (0.91 km2) of rolling hills and gently sloping meadows.
 Cephetola kiellandi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and north-western Tanzania.
 Our Happy Lives (French: Nos vies heureuses) is a 1999 French drama film directed by Jacques Maillot. It was entered into the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
 Eremiaphila ammonita is a species of praying mantis native to Jordan.
 Alfred Street Baptist Church was founded in 1818 in Alexandria Virginia USA and located in the city’s oldest African American neighborhood the Bottoms. Three members of the First Baptist Church Jesse Henderson and two others bought some land on Alfred Street and built the church. In 1820 it started a Sabbath School for educating all ages. Alfred Street Baptist Church had a white minister until 1863 when it called its first black minister Rev. Samuel Madden. Later in the 1920s Rev.
 Spirophorida is an order of sea sponges belonging to the class Demospongiae.Members of this order are known to be eaten by hawksbill turtles.
 Caregiver is a 2008 Filipino drama film. The film stars Sharon Cuneta portraying the role of Sarah a mother who left her son in the Philippines and also a teacher who relinquished her profession in lieu of care giving in London in hopes of augmenting her salary. Chito S. Roño directed the film and Chris Martinez wrote its screenplay.It is one of the top-grossing Filipino films of the year. The film also receives mostly positive reviews from critics.
 Niphargus spoeckeri is a species of crustacean in the family Niphargidae. It is endemic to Slovenia.
 Wysoka Krajeńska [vɨˈsɔka kraˈjɛɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępólno Krajeńskie within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 140.
 The Finding of Moses is a poem by the Irish street poet Zozimus (b. circa 1794 - d. 3 April 1846). It describes in broad Dublin dialect the Finding of Moses an event in the early life of Moses recorded in the Old Testament.
 Cyclophyllum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. It is found from New Guinea Australia and on islands in many parts of the Pacific.
 The Journal of Knowledge Management is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed quarterly academic journal publishing original research technical discussions and case studies on knowledge management. It is indexed in Library and Information Science Abstracts Inspec and Scopus. According to its homepage it has also been accepted in Thomson Reuters Social Sciences Citation Index and its first impact factor is expected in 2012.
 The Old Post Office and Courthouse is a historic courthouse and former post office located at 157 Genessee Street in Auburn New York. It was built in 1888–1890 and was designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Mifflin E. Bell in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. The limestone-and-brick building was expanded in 1913–1914 designed by James M. Elliot and again in 1937.
 The Journal of International Cooperation (JIC) is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal published biannually by the Taiwan International Cooperation Alliance (TICA) and sponsored by the International Cooperation and Development Fund (Taiwan ICDF).
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 The Ruddy Darter (Sympetrum sanguineum) is a European species of dragonfly of the family Libellulidae.
 Surprise Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 479 along Timpa Creek Creek.Surprise Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 The Chosen One is an American animated action-comedy film from 2007. It was directed by Chris Lackey written by Chad Fifer and Chris Lackey produced by Andreas Olavarria and starring Chad Fifer Tim Curry Traci Lords and Lance Henriksen.
 Great Cockup is a fell in the northern region of the English Lake District one of the four Uldale Fells (the others being Longlands Fell Great Sca Fell and Meal Fell).
 Surya Bahadur Thapa (Nepali: सूर्य बहादुर थापा born March 21 1928) is a Nepalese politician. He has served as the Prime Minister of Nepal for five terms under three different kings in a political career lasting more than 50 years. His terms were 1963-64 1965–69 1979–83 1997–98 and 2003-04.Surya Bahadur Thapa had been the first Prime Minister of the Panchayat System.
 Dixon M. Pitcher is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives representing District 10 since January 1 2011. Pitcher was non-consecutively a Representative from January 1 1985 until December 31 1986 in the District 8 seat. Dixon lives in Ogden UT with his wife Darlene and their six children.
 Pareuxesta xanthomera is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pareuxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Takht-e Milaq (Persian: تخت ميلاق‎ also Romanized as Takht-e Mīlāq; also known as Takht-e Yeylāq) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Monoxylena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Enrique Fuentes Quintana (13 December 1924 – 7 June 2007) was a significant Spanish economist academic and politician who served as deputy prime minister of Spain between 1977 and 1979 in the first cabinet after the Franco regime.
 The Rules of Hell is a collection of four albums by the heavy metal band Black Sabbath featuring Ronnie James Dio on vocals in remastered form. The albums included in the set are:1980 Heaven and Hell1981 Mob Rules1982 Live Evil (2 CDs)1992 DehumanizerThe boxed set was released on 22 July 2008 through Rhino.
 Shamrock Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. Located off northwestern Bathurst Island the bay is on the south side of Sir William Parker Strait. Other bays in the area include Purcell Bay and Dampier Bay.
 Charles Michael Mike Thompson (born January 24 1951) is the U.S. Representative for California's 5th congressional district serving since 1999. He is the current Chairman of the House Gun Violence Prevention Task Force. He is a member of the Democratic Party. The district numbered as the 1st District until 2013 includes Napa County plus portions of Contra Costa Lake Solano and Sonoma counties.
 Nocturnal Playground is the first album by the American guitarist Russ Freeman released in 1985 for the Brainchild label. After this album Russ Freeman formed and became the frontman for the Rippingtons.
 Scopula lydia is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Murder on the Leviathan (Russian: Левиафан (Leviathan); British edition titled Leviathan) is the third novel in the Erast Fandorin historical detective series by Boris Akunin although it was the second book in the series to be translated into English. Its subtitle is герметический детектив (hermetic detective). Akunin conceived of the Fandorin series as a summary of all the genres of detective fiction with each novel representing a different genre.
 Wola Murowana [ˈvɔla murɔˈvana] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitkówka-Nowiny within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Osiedle-Nowiny and 12 km (7 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 375.
 On the Beach is a 1957 post-apocalyptic novel written by British-Australian author Nevil Shute after he immigrated to Australia. The novel details the experiences of a mixed group of people in Melbourne as they await the arrival of deadly radiation spreading towards them from the northern hemisphere following a nuclear war a year previously.
 The Angel's Luck Series is a group of three science fiction novels by Joe Clifford Faust beginning with his first novel 1989's Desperate Measures.
 Eupithecia fosteri is a moth in the Geometridae family.
 Kai Lung's Golden Hours is a fantasy novel by Ernest Bramah. It was first published in hardcover in London by Grant Richards Ltd. in October 1922 and there have been numerous editions since. The first edition included a preface by Hilaire Belloc which has also been a feature of every edition since. Its importance in the history of fantasy literature was recognized by its reissuing by Ballantine Books as the forty-fifth volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in April 1972.
 This page is about the mountain in the Boundary Country near Greenwood British Columbia. For the ghost town and former mine near Princeton see Copper Mountain British ColumbiaCopper Mountain is a mountain in British Columbia north of Greenwood and north-west of Grand Forks.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Grand County Colorado United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 11224 feet (3421 m).
 The Little Ranger is a 1938 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 169th short in the Our Gang series and the first produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer who purchased the rights to the series from creator Hal Roach.
 George Henry Roberts PC (27 July 1868 – 25 April 1928) was a Labour Party politician who switched parties twice.At the 1906 general election he was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich. He was a minister in the Lloyd George Coalition Government as Parliamentary Secretary to the Board of Trade from 1916 to 1917 Minister of Labour from 1917 to 1919 and Minister of Food Control from 1919 to 1920.
 The Jazz Theory Book is an influential jazz theory book by Mark Levine first published in 1995. The book is a staple in jazz theory and the most comprehensive study of jazz harmony and theory ever published and contains a wide range of jazz concepts from melodic minor scales and whole tone scale to bebop scales diminished scales and Coltrane reharmonization. Levine assumes that the reader can read music in over 750 musical examples.
 Kshamichu Ennoru Vakku is a 1986 Malayalam film by Joshiy.
 The Winning Goal is a 1920 British silent sports film directed by G.B. Samuelson and starring Harold Walden Maudie Dunham and Tom Reynolds. It was based on the play The Game by Harold Brighouse. It was set in Lancashire against a backdrop of the fictional Association football team Blackton Rovers. The Chelsea player Jack Cock appeared as himself in the film.
 Memories of a River (Hungarian: Tutajosok) is a 1990 Hungarian drama film directed by Judit Elek. It is a historical film set in 1882 and tells the story of the last trial in Hungary of a Jewish person for ritual murder.
 Truncatophaedusa is a monotypic land snail genus belonging to the family Clausiliidae the door snails all of which have a clausilium. The sole species belonging to the genus is Truncatophaedusa evae Majoros Németh L. & Szili-Kovács 1994.
 The Newton City Hall and War Memorial is an historic city hall and war memorial building located at 1000 Commonwealth Avenue in the village of Newton Centre in Newton Massachusetts.
 Petty John's Cave is a karst cave located in Walker County Georgia on the east side Pigeon Mountain in the Appalachian Plateau of Northwest Georgia. It has a surveyed length of 31490 ft and reaches a depth of 235 ft. The cave is accessible via a path from a gravel parking area on the side of Rocky Lane.
 Black Magick Sorceress is an EP by the Swedish death doom metal band Runemagick. It was released in 2005 on Aftermath Music on vinyl only.
 The Three Sisters is a small mountain range or a mountain with three summits within the northeastern Temescal Mountains in Riverside County California.The Three Sisters is located east and north of Mockingbird Canyon and south of Woodcrest.
 The Deluxe Town Diner is an historic diner at 627 Mount Auburn Street in Watertown Massachusetts.This diner was manufactured on site rather than having been prefabricated and shipped to the site from a specific diner manufacturer. In 1947 George Knotos and his father built this diner around their earlier Worcester Lunch Car Company diner. The Worcester diner became the kitchen in the current building.
 Ronald Pofalla (born May 15 1959 in Weeze) is a German politician.
 Asayesh (Persian: اسايش‎ also Romanized as Āsāyesh) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 32 families.
 Saint James Evangelical Lutheran Church is a Lutheran congregation in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Milwaukee. It is a member of the Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod (WELS).
 Phillip Phil L. Boots is a Republican member of the Indiana Senate representing the 23rd District since 2006. He attended both Wabash College and Milligan College. Boots proposed eliminating the Board of County Commissioners for 91 Indiana counties in 2008.
 The Pârâul Mijlociu is a tributary of the Tihul River in Romania. It is sometimes considered as a headwater of the Răstolița River
 Mawphlang is a village in the East Khasi Hills district of Meghalaya state in north-eastern India 25 kilometers from Shillong. The word maw means stone maw phlang means grassy stone and is one of many settlements in the Khasi hills named after monoliths.Mawphlang was the centre of Presbyterian Church of Wales missionary and medical activity in the Khasi Hills during the 1890s.
 Palacanthilhiopsis is a genus of very small or minute freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.
 The Ileksa (Russian: Илекса) is a river in Onezhsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast and Pudozhsky District of the Republic of Karelia in Russia. It is the principal tributary of Lake Vodlozero and thus belongs to the basins of Lake Onega and of the Baltic Sea. It is 155 kilometres (96 mi) long and the area of its basin 3950 square kilometres (1530 sq mi).
 Summer Days with Coo (河童のクゥと夏休み Kappa no Kū to Natsuyasumi lit. Summer Vacation with Coo the Kappa) is a 2007 Japanese animated film about a kappa and its impact on an ordinary suburban family directed by Keiichi Hara.
 Hostýnsko-vsetínská hornatina (English: Hostýn-Vsetín Mountains) is a mountain range in the Czech Republic.The mountains are densely forested mainly by secondary spruce plantations. Most visited are the bordering Rožnovská Bečva river valley in the north (with Valašské Meziříčí and Rožnov pod Radhoštěm towns and Dolní Prostřední and Horní (i.e.
 St. James' Church Standard Hill was a Church of England church in Nottingham.
 Laj (Persian: لاج‎ also Romanized as Lāj) is a village in Miyan Khvaf Rural District in the Central District of Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3038 in 622 families.
 Podraczynie [pɔdraˈt͡ʂɨɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Przesmyki 29 km (18 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 112 km (70 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Jason Frerichs is a state senator from South Dakota currently serving as the Democratic Party's minority leader.
 Chub Tarash (Persian: چوب تراش‎ also Romanized as Chūb Tarāsh) is a village in Torkaman Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 72 families.
 Busije is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Naserabad (Persian: ناصراباد‎ also Romanized as Nāşerābād) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 54 families.
 Mount Adams is a mountain located in Essex County of New York. Atop the mountain is the Mount Adams Fire Observation Station added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Wolnica Grabowska [vɔlˈnit͡sa ɡraˈbɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Burzenin 18 km (11 mi) south of Sieradz and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 107.
 Lake Hāwea is located in the Otago Region of New Zealand at an altitude of 348 metres. It covers an area of some 141 km² and is at its deepest 392 metres deep. Its name is Māori and is thought to be named after a local tribe though the exact meaning is uncertain.In 1958 the lake was raised artificially by 20 metres to store more water for increased hydroelectric power generation.At its greatest extent which is roughly along a north-south axis the lake is 35 kilometres long.
 William John Monson 1st Viscount Oxenbridge PC (18 February 1829 – 16 April 1898) known as The Lord Monson between 1862 and 1886 was a British Liberal politician. He served as Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard between 1880 and 1885 and in 1886 under William Ewart Gladstone.
 Douglas A. Shields is a former member of the Pittsburgh City Council on which he represented the 5th District from 2004 to 2012 and also served as the Council's President from 2006 to 2010. Before serving on Pittsburgh City Council he served as Chief of Staff for 11 years to Bob O'Connor during O’Connor’s tenure on Pittsburgh City Council.
 Departure is the debut studio album by English R&B singer-songwriter Taio Cruz. It was released on 17 March 2008. The album entered the UK Albums Chart at number 17.
 Barry G. Silverman (born October 11 1951) is a federal judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
 Cathedral of St. Raymond Nonnatus is a Catholic cathedral in Joliet Illinois United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Joliet.
 Saint Mark's Coptic Orthodox Cathedral in Alexandria is the historical seat of the Pope of Alexandria the head of the Coptic Orthodox Church.
 James Carruthers Greenough (August 15 1829 – December 4 1924) was an American educator who served as the third principal of the Rhode Island Normal School sixth president of the Massachusetts Agricultural College and seventh principal of the Westfield State Normal School. He was also an outspoken advocate of Christian teachings in public academic institutions a fellow of the American Institute of Instruction and author of a treatise on the British education system.
 Ksar (1918–1937) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who had back-to-back wins in France's most prestigious horse race the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
 The Middle Spotted Woodpecker (Dendrocopos medius) is a European woodpecker belonging to the genus Dendrocopos.The Middle Spotted Woodpecker is 20–22 cm long and has plumage similar to the Great Spotted Woodpecker. As with that species the upperparts are predominantly black with white oval wing patches and white barring on the wings and the underparts are white.
 Tazraq (Persian: طزرق‎ also Romanized as Ţazarq; also known as Ţarzaq) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 45 families.
 The noctuid (owlet) moth genus Cydosia is the only member of the tribe Cydosiini in the Acontiinae subfamily. The few species occur from Argentina along the Andes to the Caribbean and Central America reaching into the southern states of the USA.
 Sar Pan (Persian: سرپان‎ also Romanized as Sar Pān; also known as Sar Pahn) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 7 families.
 Ngware is a village in Kweneng District of Botswana. It is located 50 km north-east of Letlhakeng. The population of Ngware was 573 in 2001 census.
 This article is about the genus of firefly beetles. For the novel by José de Alencar see Lucíola. For the Last Exile anime character see Luciola (character).Luciola is a genus of flashing fireflies (family Lampyridae) especially well-known from Japan. They are often called Japanese fireflies but their members range farther into Asia and reach southern Europe (Italy France Spain Portugal among other countries) and Africa.
 Medical Museion (Danish: Medicinsk Museion) is a museum and research unit in Copenhagen Denmark dedicated to the history of health and disease in a cultural perspective. Part of the Faculty of Health Sciences at University of Copenhagen its principal area of interest is the recent history of the material and iconographic culture of biomedicine. It is based in a listed building from 1787 on Bredgade in Frederiksstaden.
 The Valea Vagonului River is a tributary of the Brădețel River in Romania.
 The Ursuline Convent of Quebec City (French: Couvent Ursulines) founded in 1639 is the oldest institution of learning for women in North America. Today the convent operates an historical museum and teaching centre.The complex was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1972.
 The Curico River is a river of Bolivia.
 Universum is a peer-reviewed academic journal specialising in social sciences and humanities of Latin America. It is published by the Instituto de Estudios Humanísticos Abate Juan Ignacio Molina (University of Talca) and is also financed by that university with the sponsorship of local companies. The editor-in-chief is Francisco Javier Pinedo (University of Talca).
 Off Center is a collection of five science fiction short stories by Damon Knight. The stories were originally published between 1952 and 1964 in Galaxy If and other science fiction magazines. The first printing by Ace was bound dos-à-dos with Knight's The Rithian Terror as Ace Double M-113. In 1969 the book was re-issued in the UK by Gollancz with the title Off Centre; the novella was omitted and three additional stories were included: Dulcie and Decorum Masks and To Be Continued.
 Eßmühler Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Château de Miramont is a ruined castle in the commune of Barbaira in the Aude département of France.The castle is the property of the commune. It has been listed since 1926 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Native North American Child: An Odyssey was a 1974 compilation album released after Buffy Sainte-Marie's departure from Vanguard Records.The compilation runs through the native theme in Sainte-Marie's writing seen clearly in such songs as Now That the Buffalo's Gone He's an Indian Cowboy in the Rodeo Soldier Blue My Country 'Tis of Thy People You're Dying and the title tune.
 Laura Warholic; or The Sexual Intellectual is a 2007 novel by Alexander Theroux. The plot concerns the relationship between Eugene Eyestones the writer of an advice column called The Sexual Intellectual and his editor's ex-wife Laura Warholic whom Eyestones pities more than likes.
 Phoolan Devi (10 August 1963 – 25 July 2001) popularly known as the Bandit Queen was an Indian dacoit (armed bandit) and later a politician.Phoolan was born in rural India in a poor family belonging to the Mallaah caste. Married to a much older man at an early age she was branded as a social outcast after she left her husband to escape marital mistreatment. A family feud resulted in her arrest and made her a victim of police brutality which greatly embittered her.
 Sırbaşmak is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Healing Through Fire is the sixth full-length album by Orange Goblin released in 2007. This is their first album released on Sanctuary Records and their first not to be released by Rise Above Records. Ben Ward said of the album: It's not a concept album at all but we are using the theme of the Great Plague of London and the Great Fire that followed for a lot of lyrical and musical influence.
 The Road Home is a cover album by Jordan Rudess. It was released on September 12 2007.Rudess's arrangements of these classic prog tracks include many sections that were not in the original songs especially solos. Track 5 is the only original piece.
 Gordon Lake is the name of several lakes in Ontario Canada. The largest of these is located near Rock Lake Ontario in Parry Sound District
 John Robert Boyle (February 1 1870 or February 3 1871 – February 15 1936) was a Canadian politician and jurist who served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta a cabinet minister in the Government of Alberta and a judge on the Supreme Court of Alberta. Born in Ontario he came west and eventually settled in Edmonton where he practiced law. After a brief stint on Edmonton's first city council he was elected in Alberta's inaugural provincial election as a Liberal.
 Crave is a one-act play by British playwright Sarah Kane. It was first performed in 1998 by the theatre company Paines Plough with which Kane was writer-in-residence for the year at the Traverse Theatre Edinburgh. The play was initially presented under the pseudonym Marie Kelvedon; Kane used a pseudonym to avoid the distraction of her by then notorious reputation for graphic staged violence from her previous works. Crave was Kane's fourth play. It is dedicated by the author to Mark Ravenhill.
 Uthayan (Tamil: உதயன் Utayaṉ English: Morning) is a Tamil language Sri Lankan daily newspaper published by New Uthayan Publication (Private) Limited part of the Uthayan Group of Newspapers. It was founded in 1985 and is published from Jaffna. Its sister newspapers is the Colombo based Sudar Oli. Uthayan was the only newspaper published from Jaffna which did not cease publication due to the civil war.
 Beinn Heasgarnich (Gaelic: Beinn Theasairginneach) is a Scottish mountain. It lies approximately 2 km to the south of Loch Lyon.
 Star Wars: Black Fleet Crisis #2: Shield of Lies is the second novel in The Black Fleet Crisis trilogy and is set in the fictional Star Wars universe. It is authored by Michael P. Kube-McDowell and was published by Bantam Books on August 1 1996.
 Agriomorpha is a monotypic damselfly genus. It belongs to the family Megapodagrionidae.The species is:Agriomorpha fusca
 All Things Pass (Dutch: Voorbij voorbij; literally Gone gone) is a 1979 television film directed by Paul Verhoeven. In Douglas Keesey's book on Verhoeven he writes that the film is a coda to Verhoeven's previous film Soldier of Orange (1977). It concerns several Dutch resistance fighters 35 years after World War II who have sworn revenge on a Dutch SS officer who shot their friend during the Netherlands' resistance to Nazi occupation.
 Roland Roy McMurtry OC OOnt (born May 31 1932) is a judge and former politician in Ontario Canada and the current Chancellor of York University.
 Lyderhorn is a mountain in Bergen Norway. It is one of De syv fjell the seven mountains surrounding the city centre and the starting location of Bergen Turlag's annual trip of the mountains. It is located by Liavatnet approximately five kilometers west of the city center. Due to its prominent visibility from the seas it has historically been a navigational mark for sailors.
 The Alleghany News is a weekly newspaper published in Sparta NC. The paper has its origins in The Alleghany Star which was first published in 1889 by a man named A. S. Carson. In the 1930s the Alleghany Star merged with Alleghany Times and became Alleghany News.
 Małyszyn Górny [maˈwɨʂɨn ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec within Starachowice County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Mirzec 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Starachowice and 45 km (28 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 710.
 Aghel Eskandar (Persian: اغل اسكندر‎ also Romanized as Āghel Eskandar) is a village in Mobarakeh Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sunset Carson Rides Again is a 1948 American film directed by Oliver Drake.
 Back to Basics is a 1987 collection of Billy Bragg's first three releases: The albums Life's A Riot With Spy Vs. Spy and Brewing Up with Billy Bragg and the EP Between The Wars. This collection did not contain any new material but did document Billy Bragg's early one man and his guitar approach. The songs collected on this release demonstrate major recurrent themes in Bragg's work: highly critical commentary on Thatcherite Britain laced with poetic love songs.
 Little Sarsfield Lake is a small lake located in Bompas Township in the Timiskaming District of northeastern Ontario Canada.It is the source of Sarsfield Creek and is fed by no major tributaries.The lake is about 1000 metres (3281 ft) long and 200 metres (656 ft) wide.The nearest community is Sesekinika 10 kilometres (6 mi) northeast.
 The Șeradia River is a tributary of the Fiad River in Romania.
 Gladiateur (1862–1876) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who won the English Triple Crown in 1865. Gladiateur is called a legend by France Galop and One of the best horses ever to grace the turf in any century by the National Sporting Library of Middleburg Virginia. Gladiateur was not very successful as a sire but his performance on the track remains one of the most impressive in Thoroughbred horse racing history.
 The Glossoscolecidae are a large family of earthworms which has native representatives in South and Central America. The species Pontoscolex corethrurus has a circumtropical distribution.They are found mostly in forest but one species lives primarily in coastal beach sand. The earthworms in this family can reach up to 2 m in length.
 Dolní Pohleď is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Captain Moussa Dadis Camara (born 1 January 1964 or 29 December 1968) now called Moïse Dadis Camara is an ex-officer of the Guinean army who served as the President of the Republic of Guinea's National Council for Democracy and Development (Conseil National de la Démocratie et du Développement CNDD) which seized power in a military coup d'état on 23 December 2008 after the death of long-time President and dictator Lansana Conté.
 Jasper Johns is a non-fiction coffee table book written by Michael Crichton about the artist Jasper Johns. It was originally published in 1970 by Harry N. Abrams Inc. in association with the Whitney Museum of American Art and a second revised edition (ISBN 0810935155) was published in 1994.The psychiatrist Janet Ross owned a copy of the painting Numbers by Jasper Johns in The Terminal Man another book by Crichton.
 Jane Doe is a 2001 American television film starring Teri Hatcher and Rob Lowe directed and written by Kevin Elders.
 The Sonora mud turtle (Kinosternon sonoriense) is a species of turtle in the Kinosternidae family.It is found in Mexico and the United States. Also known as the Sonoyta Mud Turtle
 Prorophora eberti is a species of snout moth. It is found in Afghanistan.
 The Wandfluhhorn (also known as Pizzo Biela) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It overlooks Bosco Gurin on its (Swiss) eastern side and Formazza on its (Italian) western side. Reaching a height of 2863 metres above sea level the Wandfluhhorn is the highest summit of the Bosco Gurin valley.
 Mali Gradac is a village in Croatia.
 Lubieniów [luˈbjɛɲuf] (formerly the German village of Liebenow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Recz within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Recz 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Choszczno and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Marginella celestae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Herman Henry (H. H.) Kemper was an American-born farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Gull Lake in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1934 to 1938.He was born on a farm in Hebron Nebraska the son of Frank Herman Kemper and Louisa Haulker. In 1906 Kemper found work with a survey crew working on the railway west of Edmonton Alberta.
 George Hoadly (July 31 1826 - August 26 1902) was a Democratic politician. He served as the 36th Governor of Ohio.Hoadly was born in New Haven Connecticut on July 31 1826.
 Happy Ghost V is a 1991 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Clifton Ko. The film stars Raymond Wong.
 Karaisa Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş Antalya Province Turkey.
 The Canadian Business Journal is a monthly digital publication for Canada's senior executives who want to stay informed of current business topics and trends. The CBJ features articles and columns from Canadian writers focused on all aspects of the Canadian business landscape and includes a monthly section 'Canadian Business in Action' that produces comprehensive and illuminating corporate case studies highlighting successful Canadian enterprises.
 Calymmaderus nitidus is a species of beetles in the genus Calymmaderus of the family Anobiidae.
 Steve Ricchetti is is Chief of Staff to U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and Assistant to the President. He is the founder and former president of Richetti Inc. a government relations firm. Before founding Richetti Inc. he served as White House Deputy Chief of Staff in the administration of President Bill Clinton.On March 5 2012 he was appointed to be counselor to Vice President Joe Biden. This caused controversy due to President Obama's promise to not appoint lobbyists.
 Edgewater Farm is a historic home located at Willsboro Point in Essex County New York. It contains four contributing buildings one contributing site and one contributing structure. The main house known as the Rowley house is an early-19th-century residence dated to about 1830 with two earlier service wings from about 1796 and 1820.
 Heads & Tales is the first studio album by the American singer/songwriter Harry Chapin released in 1972.
 A Woman Called Sada Abe (実録阿部定 Jitsuroku Abe Sada) aka Sada Abe: A Docu-Drama (1975) is a Roman porno version of the Sada Abe story directed by Noboru Tanaka.It is based on the true story of a woman who strangled her lover during a love-making session then severed his penis which she carried with her until her arrest. The story became a national sensation in Japan in 1936 developing mythic overtones and has since been interpreted by artists philosophers novelists and filmmakers.
 Chew Reservoir is a reservoir at the head of the Chew Valley in the South Pennines part of the Peak District in Greater Manchester England. Completed in 1912 the reservoir was the highest constructed in England at 1600 feet (488 m) above sea level until the Cow Green Reservoir in the North Pennines in Teesside was completed in 1971. The reservoir is connected to the larger Dovestone Reservoir further down the Chew Valley by a stream called the Chew Brook.
 Grassdale Farm is a historic home located at Spencer Henry County Virginia. It was built about 1860 and is a two-story center-passage-plan frame dwelling with Greek Revival and Greek Revival style influences. Two-story ells have been added to the rear of the main section creating an overall U form.
 Plačikus (Cyrillic: Плачикус) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Vampire Game (吸血遊戯 Kyūketsu Yūgi) is a manga by the Japanese author and artist Judal. It originally ran in the monthly manga magazine Wings with its last chapter serialized in the November 2004 issue. The series has 15 volumes in all. It was licensed in the U.S. by Tokyopop.
 Durkheimian Studies/Etudes Durkheimiennes is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Berghahn Books on behalf of the British Centre for Durkheimian Studies. It covers research on all aspects of the work of Émile Durkheim and his group and with the contemporary development and application of their ideas to issues in the social sciences religion and philosophy.
 Baldwin is a village in St. Croix County Wisconsin United States. The population was 3957 at the 2010 census a growth rate of 48% from 2000. The village is located partially within the Town of Baldwin.
 Kadiyam Srihari is an Indian politician and Ex-MLA from Ghanpur(Station) Constituency. He joined TRS party and is its politburo member. He was the PolitBureau member of TDP and the General Secretary of Telugu Desam party(TDP). He was the Minister of Andhra Pradesh from 1995 to 2004 in MarketingSocial Welfare later Education and later Irrigation under the Cabinet of Nara Chandrababu Naidu.
 The Sun Life Centre in Toronto Ontario was built in 1984 to house the Toronto operations of Sun Life ( now Sun Life Financial) and is now corporate headquarters for Sun Life.Located at the corner of King Street West and University Avenue the taller East Tower is in the Financial District while the slightly shorter West Tower is located in the area known as the Entertainment District.The top floor of East tower as well as space on 16th and 25th floor is occupied by the St.
 Caribou Lakes is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Matthew Ahearn is an American politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly where he represented the 38th legislative district from 2002 to 2004. Ahearn represented a district which covers an area between the Passaic and Hudson Rivers in suburban Bergen County.
 The Call is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1971 and released on the JAPO label. The album was the first release on the short-lived European jazz label.
 Crown Hill National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Indianapolis in Marion County Indiana. It encompasses 1.4 acres (0.57 ha) of Crown Hill Cemetery and as of the end of 2005 had 795 interments. It is administered by the Marion National Cemetery.
 Penllergaer (Welsh: Penlle'r-gaer) is a village in the City and County of Swansea Wales falling within the electoral ward of the same name. It is situated about 4.5 miles north west of Swansea city centre near junction 47 of the M4 motorway.
 Onchidella pachyderma is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 P. C. Mohan is an Indian politician and member of the Lok Sabha from Bangalore Central constituency. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
 Asō Bay (浅茅湾 Asō-wan) is a deep fjord that nearly cleaves in two the Japanese island of Tsushima. The bay is notable for its ria coastline with various small islands found in close proximity to the shore. It forms part of the Iki-Tsushima Quasi-National Park. Pearls are cultured and Japanese amberjack are farmed in its waters.
 S. R. Kanthi or S. R. Kanti (Kannada: ಎಸ್.ಆರ್.ಕಂಠಿ) was Chief Minister of Karnataka (then Mysore State) for a brief period in 1962. He hailed from a Banajiga sect of Lingayat community in Hungund in Bagalkot district (formerly Bijapur district) in the northern part of Karnataka. A member of the Indian National Congress (INC) he served as the Speaker of Karnataka Legislative Assembly from 1956 to 1962. Kanti was Chief Minister of the State for a brief period of 96 days in 1962.
 Mnichowo [mniˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Reszel 18 km (11 mi) west of Kętrzyn and 50 km (31 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 200.
 Realm of Chaos subtitled Slaves to Darkness is Bolt Thrower's second studio album recorded at Loco studios in April 1989 engineered by Tim Lewis. It was mixed at Slaughterhouse Studios in July 1989 and engineered by Colin Richardson. It is produced by Bolt Thrower and Digby Pearson. The cover art work is produced by Games Workshop.
 Dalla semiargentea is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Kunsthalle Tübingen is the most famous art museum of the university town of Tübingen Baden-Württemberg Germany.It was founded (and the erection of its building financed) in 1971 by Paula Zundel and Dr.
 Omosoma is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 St. Nicholas Catholic Church is an historic Roman Catholic church located at 925 Main Street in Zanesville Ohio. It was built in 1898 in the Romanesque Revival style of architecture. St. Nicholas Parish is in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Columbus which was founded in 1842 for the German-speaking population of the area. The church operates a consolidated Catholic school with St. Thomas Aquinas Parish in Zanesville.
 File Under Ramones is an album by the Huntingtons released in 1999 on Tooth & Nail Records.
 Bad Company (Fr. Mauvaises fréquentations) is a 1999 French film starring Maud Forget and Lou Doillon. It is a romantic drama about two young students falling in love. The movie is written by Alain Layrac and directed by Jean-Pierre Améris. A few scenes from this movie are featured in a music video by Lene Marlin for her song Where I'm Headed.
 To the Victor is a 1948 drama film directed by Delmer Daves. It stars Dennis Morgan and Viveca Lindfors. The plot revolves around an American who falls in love with a Nazis wife.
 André Damseaux (5 March 1937 – 29 March 2007) was a Belgian politician Minister-President of the Walloon Region and Member of the European Parliament.
 Law Week Colorado is Colorado's weekly newspaper for lawyers and an information source on legal issues in the state. It circulates to lawyers judges and general counsel from offices in Denver. It also is an official Colorado legal publication as defined by state statute.The newspaper launched in 2002 is owned by privately held Circuit Media LLC which also owns State Bill Colorado and Fresh Magazine.
 William George Spencer Cavendish 6th Duke of Devonshire KG PC (21 May 1790 – 18 January 1858) styled Marquess of Hartington until 1811 was a British peer courtier and Whig politician. Known as the Bachelor Duke he was Lord Chamberlain of the Household between 1827 and 1828 and again between 1830 and 1834.
 Hend Khaleh (Persian: هندخاله‎ also Romanized as Hend Khāleh; also known as Hendeh Khāleh Hendūkhāleh Hind Khāleh and Khind-Khale) is a village in Hend Khaleh Rural District Tulem District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2188 in 613 families.
 Lizard is the third studio album by the British band King Crimson released in 1970. It was the second recorded by a transitional line-up of the group that never had the opportunity to perform live following In the Wake of Poseidon.
 Breaking Away the third album by the Chicago rock band Tantrum was released in 2005.
 Gasan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 901.6 metres
 Parmukh Singh Hoogan (born 7 December 1955) is a Tanzanian politician who served as the member of parliament for the Kikwajuni constituency in the Tanzanian Parliament from 2000 to 2010.
 A Christmas Album is an album by Bright Eyes released in 2002. The proceeds of the album go to the Nebraska AIDS Project.Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas appeared in the 2004 film Imaginary Heroes and Blue Christmas was featured in an episode of The O.C. entitled The Best Chrismukkah Ever. Initially released only online it was released on 180 g white vinyl in 2009.This album is the 48th release of Saddle Creek Records.
 The untitled seventh studio album by the Canadian rock band Trooper (informally known as Trooper 1980) was released on October 4 1980. It remains the only Trooper album not to chart a hit single on Canada's RPM 100 Singles chart
 Betina is a village located on the Croatian island of Murter seven km from Tisno where a drawbridge connects the island and the mainland. The largest of the Šibenik archipelago islands and the closest to the mainland it has been populated since the time of the Illyrians (tribe of Liburns). Remains of the Roman settlement of Colentum as well as many ruins of Roman villas murals and mosaic testify to its occupation during the period of the Roman Empire.
 This article is about the Inspector Morse novel. For the Doctor Who novel see The Way Through the Woods (Doctor Who)The Way Through the Woods is a crime novel by Colin Dexter the tenth novel in the Inspector Morse series. It received the Gold Dagger Award in 1992.The plot deals with the search for a beautiful young Swedish woman who went missing a year earlier. An anonymous riddle in the form of a five-stanza poem is sent to the police and the case is reopened.
 Book of Challenges (ISBN 0786926570) is a supplemental rulebook for the 3rd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game that presents a number of ready-made dungeon encounters that a Dungeon Master can insert into a scenario.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The MacDowell Colony is an art colony in Peterborough New Hampshire U.S.A. founded in 1907 by Marian MacDowell pianist and wife of composer Edward MacDowell. She established the institution and its endowment chiefly with donated funds. She led the colony for almost 25 years against a background of two world wars the Great Depression and other challenges.Over the years an estimated 6000 artists have been supported in residence including the winners of at least 61 Pulitzer Prizes.
 Gnophomyia is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 István Sági (born December 16 1967) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Kunszentmárton (Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County Constituency V) since 2010.He was elected member of the Committee on Education Science and Research on May 14 2010.
 The Mystery of the Brass Bound Trunk is the seventeenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series published under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. It was first published in 1940 by Grosset & Dunlap.
 The Man on Lincoln's Nose is a 2000 American short documentary film directed by Daniel Raim. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 The Blessed Ones (Swedish: De två saliga) is a 1986 Swedish drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman starring Harriet Andersson and Per Myrberg. The screenplay was adapted by Ulla Isaksson from her own novel with the same title. The film tells the story of a couple in which the woman becomes delusional and loses her mind. It was the third time Bergman directed a film written by Isaksson after Brink of Life and The Virgin Spring.
 Gliniany [ɡliˈɲanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Ożarów 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Opatów and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 320.
 Prochlidonia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Broken Boy Soldiers is the debut album by American rock band The Raconteurs released on May 15 2006 in the United Kingdom and May 16 2006 in the United States. The album was generally favored among critics and spawned the #1 hit single Steady As She Goes. The album earned a nomination for Best Rock Album at the 49th Grammy Awards.
 Mechanical Animals is the third full-length studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson. It was released on September 14 1998 in Australia and on September 15 1998 in the US Germany and France through Nothing and Interscope Records. A rock opera concept album it is the second installment in a trilogy which includes Antichrist Superstar and Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death).
 The Brute (Hungarian: Dúvad) is a 1961 Hungarian film directed by Zoltán Fábri. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ganoung Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County New York. It was constructed in the 1830s and is a vernacular two story five bay cobblestone structure built in the late Federal / early Greek Revival style. It features irregularly shaped variously sized and colored cobbles in its construction. Also on the property is a 19th-century carriage barn small shed and a well with pump.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Amaryllis was a restaurant located in the One Devonshire Gardens hotel in Glasgow Scotland. It was opened by chef Gordon Ramsay with David Dempsey operating the restaurant on a daily basis for the celebrity chef. It was awarded a Michelin star in 2002 which it held until the restaurant's closure in 2004.
 Lucio Norberto Mansilla (April 2 1789 – April 10 1871) was an Argentine military man and politician. He was the first governor of the Entre Ríos Province and fought in the battle of Vuelta de Obligado.
 The Quiet Storm (Icelandic: Veðramót) is a 2007 Icelandic drama film written and directed by Guðný Halldórsdóttir. It was entered into the 30th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The River Arrow is a tributary of the River Avon which flows through Worcestershire and Warwickshire in the English Midlands.
 Abdoulaye Wade (/ɑːbduːˈlaɪə wɑːd/; born 29 May 1926) is a Senegalese politician who was President of Senegal from 2000 to 2012. He is also the Secretary-General of the Senegalese Democratic Party (PDS) and has led the party since it was founded in 1974. A long-time opposition leader he ran for President four times beginning in 1978 before he was elected in 2000. He won re-election in 2007 with a majority in the first round but in 2012 he was defeated in a controversial bid for a third term.
 Poonthotta Kaavalkaaran (English: The flower garden guard) is a 1988 Indian Tamil language film directed by Senthilnathan. The film features starring Vijayakanth Radhika Anand Vani Viswanath and Livingston in lead roles. The film had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 6 June 1988.
 Androscoggin County Courthouse and Jail is an historic building on 2 Turner Street in Auburn Maine.The Court was built in 1857 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 This Is the Life is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist Duane Steele. It was released by Mercury Records in September 1997. Included are the Top Ten singles Tell the Girl and If I Could Just Get to You and a cover of Gordon Lightfoot's If You Could Read My Mind.
 Bukkehammartjørna is a small lake in eastern Jotunheimen. This is the highest lake that has been investigated as a climate archive in southern Norway being situated 1594 m a.s.l.A small glacier Bukkehåmmårbreen is draining melt water into the lake at present. This glacier reformed just short of 6000 years ago following the Holocene climate optimum and has existed continuously since.
 Kleine Triebisch is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 431 in 107 families.
 The Gwächtenhorn is a 3420 metres high mountain in the Urner Alps located on the border between the cantons of Bern and Uri. It overlooks the Stein Glacier and the Susten Pass on its north side (Bern) and the Chelen Glacier on its south side (Uri).Being covered by snow from the summit to the bottom the north side of the Gwächtenhorn is much appreciated by skiers.
 Irrlicht is the first album by Klaus Schulze. Originally released in 1972 in 2006 it was the sixteenth Schulze album reissued by Revisited Records as part of a series of Schulze album reissues. Recorded without a synthesizer Irrlicht's set of early organ drone experiments is not exactly the music for which KS got famous.
 Sex with a Smile is a 1976 Italian comedy film starring Marty Feldman Barbara Bouchet Edwige Fenech Dayle Haddon and directed by Sergio Martino. While the cast was relatively popular internationally advertising for the film in the U.S. concentrated almost exclusively on Marty Feldman even though he only appeared in one segment of the film.The original Italian title was 40 gradi all'ombra del lenzuolo and was followed by a sequel entitled Spogliamoci così senza pudor.
 Vĩnh Phước is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Tri Tôn District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Hohe Möhr is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Rick Wakeman's Criminal Record is the seventh studio album by English progressive rock keyboardist Rick Wakeman. Released in 1977 the album is a loosely-based concept album on criminality. Wakeman intended the record to be similar to his first conceptual release The Six Wives of Henry VIII (1973) but it did not turn out as he wished.The album is entirely instrumental with the exception being The Breathalyser in which Bill Oddie one third of the comedy trio The Goodies provides vocals.
 Chaetocrepis besckii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Chaetocrepis.
 The Gov. Levi Lincoln House is a historic house at 4 Avalon Place in Worcester Massachusetts. This Greek Revival house is one of the first of the style to be built in the city; it was built for Levi Lincoln Jr. who had recently ended a long tenure as Governor of Massachusetts and was designed by noted local architect Elias Carter. Lincoln had this house built as a temporary home to live in while a larger Carter-designed mansion was built nearby and sold it when the latter was finished.
 Diduga albicosta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India (Nilgiris) Sri Lanka and on Bali.
 The Roßkopf is a 1580 metre high peak in the Mangfall Mountains in Upper Bavaria. It lies in the south of the district of Miesbach right on the boundary between the parishes of Schliersee in the east and Rottach-Egern in the west which forms the watershed between the lakes of Schliersee and Tegernsee.
 Dersu Uzala (Russian: Дерсу Узала Japanese: デルス·ウザーラ; alternate U.S. title: Dersu Uzala: The Hunter) is a 1975 Soviet-Japanese co-production film directed by Akira Kurosawa his first non-Japanese-language film and his first and only 70mm film. The film won the Golden Prize and the Prix FIPRESCI at the 9th Moscow International Film Festival and the 1976 Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Keys to Ascension is a double album by the British progressive rock group Yes and was released in 1996. It is the band's fourth live album and fifteenth studio album. The previous time Jon Anderson Chris Squire Steve Howe Rick Wakeman and Alan White had worked together on an officially released studio recording was 1978's Tormato.
 Baabarr (Hindi: बाबर) is a 2009 gangster Hindi film directed by Ashu Trikha. The film stars Sohum Shah Mithun Chakraborty and Urvashi Sharma.
 The Bistricioara River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania which it joins at the upper end of Lake Izvorul Muntelui.
 Emmanuel Paulker (born 15 October 1955) was elected Senator for the Bayelsa Central constituency of Bayelsa State Nigeria taking office on 29 May 2007. He is a member of the People's Democratic Party (PDP).Emmanuel attended Bishop Dimeari Grammar School where he earned his WASC in 1973.
 Soldiers of the King is a 1933 British historical comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Cicely Courtneidge Edward Everett Horton and Anthony Bushell. It was Courtneidge's fourth film and the first she appeared in without her husband Jack Hulbert. Courtneidge plays the matriarch of a music hall family in a plot that switches between the Victorian era and the 1930s present. Filming began in August 1932. It was shot at Islington Beaconsfield and Welwyn Studios.
 Agasanal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Indi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Marshal Law is an English-language superhero comic book series created by Pat Mills and Kevin O'Neill. One of the first major creator-owned characters for a major publisher it was first published by Epic Comics in 1987. The series is a satire on the superhero genre.The series is characterised by its extreme graphic violence and nudity and Mills' skewering of superhero conventions and US government policy and society.
 Dhuwakot is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3814 and had 757 houses in the town.
 Irakli Alasania (Georgian: ირაკლი ალასანია) (born 21 December 1973) is a Georgian politician and former diplomat currently the Minister of Defense of Georgia. He was Georgia’s Ambassador to the United Nations from September 11 2006 until December 4 2008. His previous assignments include Chairman of the Government of Abkhazia(-in-exile) and the President of Georgia’s aide in the Georgian-Abkhaz talks.
 Marc Gibbs is a Republican Idaho State Representative since 2008 representing District 31 in the A seat.
 The Mirror Boy is a 2011 Nigerian fantasy adventure drama film written & directed by Obi Emelonye produced by Patrick Campbell and starring Genevieve Nnaji Osita Iheme and Edward Kagutuzi. The film which was shot in England and the Gambia received 3 nominations at the 2011 African Movie Academy Awards.
 Manchester Museum is a museum displaying works of archaeology anthropology and natural history and is owned by the University of Manchester. Sited on Oxford Road (A34) at the heart of the university's group of neo-Gothic buildings it provides access to about 4.5 million items from every continent. It is the UK's largest university museum and serves both as a major visitor attraction and as a resource for academic research and teaching. It has around 360000 visitors each year.
 Karingamthuruth is a small village in the taluk of North Paravoor in the Ernakulam district of Kerala India.
 Dolores Claiborne is a 1995 drama thriller film based on the novel of the same name by Stephen King starring Kathy Bates and Jennifer Jason Leigh. It was directed by Taylor Hackford.
 A Hole of My Own Making (自分の穴の中で Jibun no Ana no Naka de) is a 1955 black and white Japanese film directed by Tomu Uchida.
 Black and Blue is a 1998 novel by Anna Quindlen and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in April 1998.
 Kit's Coty House or Kit's Coty is the name of the remains of a Neolithic chambered long barrow on Blue Bell Hill near Aylesford in the English county of Kent. One of the Medway megaliths constructed in the vicinity of the River Medway Kit's Coty House are located close to five other surviving chambered long barrows: the Coldrum Stones Addington long barrow Chestnuts long barrow the Countless Stones and Coffin Stone.
 The Federal Correctional Institution (FCI) Yazoo City Low is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Mississippi. An adjacent satellite prison camp houses minimum-security male offenders. It is part of the Yazoo City Federal Correctional Complex (FCC) and operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. FCC Yazoo City is located 36 miles north of Jackson Mississippi the state capital.
 Ek Bar Bolo Uttam Kumar (Bengali: একবার বলো উত্তম কুমার) is a 2009 comedy Bengali film directed by Chinmoy Roy. The film stars Parambrato Chatterjee Mumtaz Sorcar Soumitra Chatterjee Sabitri Chatterjee Piyali Munsi and Diganta Bagchi. This film is Chinmoy Roy's directorial debut and that of magician PC Sorcar Junior’s youngest daughter Mumtaz Sorcar.
 The Rafael Gonzalez House is an historic house located at 835 Laguna Street in the historic center of the city of Santa Barbara California. The Rafael Gonzales House was designated a National Historic Landmark on April 15 1970 and added to the National Register of Historic Places.The building is currently home to a bookstore Randall House Rare Books. A plaque there says: Built in 1825 by Rafael Gonzales later alcalde of Santa Barbara.
 José Menéndez Monroig (June 22 1917 – April 4 2003) was a Senator in the Puerto Rico Legislature serving from 1968 till 1976. After the 1972 Puerto Rican elections Carlos Romero Barcelo suggested that he be selected Minority Leader in the Senate instead of Justo Méndez who had occupied that position in the past four years. He was one of the founders of Estadistas Unidos. He is a member of Phi Sigma Alpha fraternity.
 Edmund Rowe (December 21 1892 - October 4 1972) was a U.S.
 Holmavatnet is a lake in the municipality of Kvam in Hordaland county Norway.
 Mount Rubidoux is a hill in the city of Riverside California United States that has been designated a city park and landmark. The hill was once a popular Southern California tourist destination and is still the site of the oldest outdoor non-denominational Easter Sunrise service in the United States.
 Sir John Gladstone Black Jack McDonald (6 December 1898 – 23 April 1977) was 37th Premier of Victoria (leading the Country Party) from 27 June 1950 to 17 December 1952 except for a few days in October 1952 when Thomas Hollway led a brief Electoral Reform League government.
 Magnetic Resonance in Chemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research papers dealing with the application of NMR ESR and NQR spectrometry in all branches of chemistry. The journal was established in 1969 and is published by John Wiley & Sons. The current editor-in-chief is James Keeler (University of Cambridge).
 SM City Bacoor is a shopping mall in Brgy. Habay in the City of Bacoor Cavite in the Philippines. It is developed and owned by SM Prime Holdings the largest shopping mall and retail operator in the country. The mall is the very first SM Supermall in the entire Luzon region outside of Metro Manila and the very first in province of Cavite.
 ART4.RU Contemporary Art Museum is a museum of contemporary Russian art located in Moscow Russia. It was opened to the public in May 2007. A privately owned institution it houses the collection of Igor Markin.
 Kotliska [kɔˈtliska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kutno and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Race: The Reality of Human Differences is an anthropology book in which authors Vincent M. Sarich Emeritus Professor of Anthropology at the University of California Berkeley and Frank Miele senior editor of Skeptic Magazine argue for the reality of race. The books was published by Basic Books in 2004. It disputes the statements of the highly acclaimed PBS documentary Race: The Power of an Illusion aired in 2003.
 The Iron Giant is a 1999 American animated science fiction film using both traditional animation and computer animation produced by Warner Bros. Animation and based on the 1968 novel The Iron Man by Ted Hughes.
 Melese peruviana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru.
 Bold Peak is a 7522 feet (2293 m) mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska located in Chugach State Park in Anchorage Municipality.
 The Casiquiare river is a distributary of the upper Orinoco flowing southward into the Rio Negro in Venezuela South America. As such it forms a unique natural canal between the Orinoco and Amazon river systems. It is the largest river on the planet that links two major river systems a so-called bifurcation. The area forms a water divide more dramatically at regional flood stage.
 The Mellenville Railroad Station now known as Mellenville Grange is a historic train station and Grange located in Mellenville Columbia County New York. It was built about 1900 by the Boston and Albany Railroad on their Hudson Branch. It is a one story brick building with a slate covered hipped roof. It features heavy wood and scroll-sawn brackets that support the roof overhang. Also on the property is a contributing privy.
 Adirondack Iron and Steel Company is a historic ironworks complex located at Tahawus in Essex County New York. It consists of the remains of the Upper Works iron foundry that date back to 1826. Iron from the site was contaminated with titanium which together with its isolation made for an unprofitable venture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Turbonilla strebeli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Jorge Alberto Ramos Comas (born September 11 1946 in Mayagüez Puerto Rico) was a Puerto Rican politician and former senator. He was a member of the Senate of Puerto Rico from 1997 to 2000 representing the Popular Democratic Party (PPD).
 Polyptychoides insulanus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from eastern Africa.
 The White-banded Black Moth (Rheumaptera subhastata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Palearctic and Nearctic ecozones where it is widely distributed in western North America.The wingspan is 26–31 mm. Adults are on wing from mid May to mid July. There is one generation per year.The larva feed on the foliage of Alnus species. They fold a leaf into a tent.
 Stonehenge Apocalypse is a 2010 made-for-TV American science fiction movie starring Misha Collins Torri Higginson and Peter Wingfield. The movie follows a series of deaths natural disasters and strange energy readings that seem to be mysteriously connected to Stonehenge.
 White Lilies Island is the second album by Natalie Imbruglia. It was released in Europe and Australia in late 2001 and in the United States on 5 March 2002. The name of this album comes from the location of Imbruglia's home in Windsor.
 Beyond Fear is the eponymous debut album from Beyond Fear a heavy metal band formed by ex-Iced Earth/ex-Judas Priest vocalist Tim Owens.
 Laura D'Andrea Tyson (born June 28 1947) is an American economist and former Chair of the US President's Council of Economic Advisers during the Clinton Administration. She also served as Director of the National Economic Council. She is currently a professor at the Haas School of Business of the University of California Berkeley.
 Love in Limbo is a 1993 Australian comedy film directed by David Elfick.Visually the film was heavily influenced by The Girl Can't Help It (1956).It was nominated for three awards by the Australian Film Institute in 1992.
 The Havana Water Tower is a historic water tower which stands in Havana Illinois. Built in 1889 and designed by F. William Raider it holds 50000 gallons and was the town's only water supply until 1962. The brick water tower is approximately 86 feet (26 m) tall. It was designated an American Water Landmark by the American Water Works Association in 1982 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. It still operates today.
 Wolftail Mountain (8176 feet (2492 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Angélique et le Roy known in Italy as Angelica alla corte del re or Angelica (Angelique) and the King is a 1966 French historical romantic adventure film directed by Bernard Borderie. Its stars Giuliano Gemma and Michèle Mercier.
 Kilmeny of the Orchard is a novel by Lucy Maud Montgomery. It is the story of a young man named Eric Marshall who goes to teach a school on Prince Edward Island and meets Kilmeny a mute girl who has perfect hearing. He sees her when he is walking through an old orchard and hears her playing the violin. He visits her a number of times and gradually falls in love with her.
 Sheykh Hoseyn (Persian: شيخ حسين‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Ḩoseyn; also known as Abū ‘Az̄ām Abū ‘Az̧ām and Sheykh Ḩoseynī) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 960 in 160 families.
 Lo Mejor de Instrumentales is the fourteenth album released by Christian singer Marcos Witt. The album is a collection of Witt's best song over the past years in instrumental form. Some of the songs are interpreted by other musicians.
 Poul Holmskov Schlüter (Danish pronunciation: [pʌʊ̯l hʌlmsɡʌʊ̯ slydɐ] 3 April 1929) is a Danish politician who served as Prime Minister of Denmark from 1982 to 1993. He was the first member of the Conservative People's Party to become Prime Minister as well as the first conservative to hold the office since 1901.
 Antoine (Tony) Wright born 4 March 1960 is a Vanuatuan politician.Having studied in Morocco and at the International School in Bordeaux in France he worked at the French embassy in Vanuatu.He was first elected to Parliament in the October 2012 general election as MP for Port Vila representing the Union of Moderate Parties - a francophone generally conservative political movement.
 Twist with Steve Alaimo is a studio album recorded by Steve Alaimo and released in 1961. The name of the album and several of the songs capitalize on the dance craze of the Twist although others are covers of songs previously made popular by other artists.
 The Hooded Hawk Mystery is Volume 34 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Charles Strong in 1954. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 Pistols at Dawn is the second album by Aqueduct. The five-song EP was released October 12 2004 on Barsuk Records.
 The Embalmer (Japanese: 死化粧師 Hepburn: Shigeshōshi) is a manga series written and illustrated by Mitsukazu Mihara. It is serialized within the magazine Feel Young and currently has been collected into 6 volumes by Shodensha. The Embalmer was previously licensed for English release by Tokyopop and four volumes have been released. The company Hanami has released five volumes in Poland.
 Polveracchio is a mountain of the Monti Picentini Campania Italy. It is 1790m high and is included in the eponymous natural oasis established in 1988 which is in turn part of the Monti Picentini Regional Park.
 Human Genetics is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of human genetics including legal and social issues. It was established in 1964 by Arno Motulsky and Friedrich Vogel as Humangenetik obtaining its current title in 1976. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editors-in-chief are David N. Cooper (Cardiff University) and Thomas J. Hudson (Ontario Institute for Cancer Research).
 Salute is the sixteenth original album by Canadian musician Gordon Lightfoot released in 1983 Warner Brothers Records. It barely registered on the charts and is one of his least known recordings. This is reflected in the fact that songs from the album very rarely feature in Lightfoot's live performances.The album completed Lightfoot's shift from acoustic folk/country compositions to a more sleek adult contemporary sound a shift he had begun on Shadows.
 Edward L. Jennings Jr. (born July 1968) in Gainesville Florida. Jennings served as a Representative in the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida from 2000 to 2005 [1]. He served as President of Florida Blue Key in 1994.
 The Little Ocmulgee River is a 28.3-mile-long (45.5 km) tributary of the Ocmulgee River in the U.S. state of Georgia.
 The Seaward River is a river in New Zealand's South Island. It flows northeast from its origins in north Canterbury's Puketeraki Range reaching the Hurunui River 35 kilometres southwest of Culverden.
 Copadichromis azureus is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Montcau is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1056 metres above sea level. This mountain is part of the Sant Llorenç del Munt massif. It is accessible from Terrassa or Navarcles or Sant Llorenç Savall.
 Sadeqabad (Persian: صادق اباد‎ also Romanized as Şādeqābād; also known as Şādeqlū) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 25 families.
 The Gantrisch is a mountain in the north-western Bernese Alps located between the Simmental and the Aar valley in the canton of Bern. The mountain lies near Gurnigel Pass from where it is usually climbed. A trail leads to the summit.
 The Gambia National Museum is a Gambian cultural museum located in Banjul. It is home to historical documents and displays concerning the History of the Gambia.
 Lipianki [liˈpjanki] (German: Ziegellack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kwidzyn and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 229.
 La Brava is a lake in the eastearn part of the Balcarce Partido in Buenos Aires Province Argentina. It lies just on the border with General Pueyrredón 40 kilometres (25 mi) northwest of the city of Mar del Plata and 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of the town of Balcarce. Located within Mount La Brava the lake area is privately owned although open to the public for fishing and camping.
 Renaldo and Clara is a 1978 American film directed by Bob Dylan and starring Bob Dylan Sara Dylan and Joan Baez.
 Spilarctia tamangi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Thomas in 1994. It is found in India (Sikkim Assam).
 The Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Costeşti River in Romania.
 Livia Turco (born 13 February 1955 in Cuneo) is an Italian politician member of the Democratic Party (Partito Democratico). She was a member of parliament between 1987-2013. Turco was Minister of Social Affairs in three governments between 1996-2001 and Minister of Health between 2006-2008.
 The Rana De Ingles Negras Y Blancas (Eleutherodactylus maculosus) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Slightly Odway is the debut album by Australian alternative rock band Jebediah released on 8 September 1997 by Murmur Records. The album reached a peak of number 7 on the ARIA Albums Chart due to the success of tracks like Leaving Home and Military Strongmen and number 2 on the ARIA alternative charts.
 The Carbon War: Global Warming and the End of the Oil Era is a book by former oil geologist Jeremy Leggett about global warming.
 Niagara Falls is a 1932 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle. It was the final film that Arbuckle directed.
 Hamilton: In the Interest of the Nation is a 2012 spy film directed by Danish director Kathrine Windfeld. The film was supported by the Swedish Film Institute. It is the first part of a trilogy. Hamilton: In the Interest of the Nation preceded Agent Hamilton: But Not If It Concerns Your Daughter.
 Meeker Sugar Refinery is located in Meeker Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 16 1987.
 Social & Legal Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers feminist post-colonial and socialist economic perspectives to the study of law and criminology. The editors-in-chief are Carl Stychin (University of Reading) David Campbell (University of Leeds) David Brown (University of Bristol) and Marie Fox (University of Birmingham). It was established in 1992 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Saurita arimensis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Fleming in 1957. It is found in Trinidad.
 National and Providence Worsted Mills are historic mills located at 166 Valley Street in Providence Rhode Island.The mills were built in 1881 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Murphy is the first novel in Murphy series by Gary Paulsen. It was published in January 1987 by Walker & Company.
 Bangles (Malayalam: ബംഗ്ലെസ്) is a 2013 Indian Malayalam-language thriller film written and directed by debutant Dr. Suvid Wilson who also composed the songs starring Ajmal Ameer Poonam Kaur Archana Kavi and Aparna Bajpai.The film is produced by Dipti Biju Unni under the banner of Citadel Cinema's whilst cinematography is handled by Dileep Raman and is edited by Don Max.The film is about a story of a murderer who leaves a few pieces of bangles at the crime spot.
 Selly Oak Hospital in the Selly Oak area of Birmingham England previously part of University Hospital Birmingham NHS Foundation Trustclosed in 2011.
 Chilelopsis serena is a mygalomorph spider of Chile named after its type locality: La Serena Elqui Region IV. Males differ from those both C. calderoni and C. puertoviejo in the absence of a patch of setae on the apical tibia I and also in the palpal tibia having dorsal spines and the bulbal duct being abruptly narrowed at the apex. Females differ from the two other species by their divided spermathecae.
 David Francis Cargo (January 13 1929 – July 5 2013) was the 22nd Governor of New Mexico having served between 1967 and 1971.
 Beskol is a village in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan.Beskol which means Five Lakes in Kazakh has a roughly 50% Russian 50% Kazakh mix.The primary employer is the railway station which is an important both as a passenger and freight stop – trains travel through here to both Almaty and Astana and west to Urumqi in China.
 Onepoto is the name of a volcanic explosion crater (or maar) in North Shore City New Zealand. It is a part of the Auckland volcanic field. Located near the approaches to the Auckland Harbour Bridge it was created by a series of eruptions approximately 250000 years ago. The crater first became a freshwater lake and later became a tidal lagoon when sea level rose to the present level 7000 yrs ago after the last ice age.
 Union Park Congregational Church and Carpenter Chapel (also known as First Baptist Congregational Church) is a historic church building at 60 N. Ashland Blvd. on the Near West Side of Chicago Illinois. The chapel is named after Philo Carpenter a deacon a co-founder of the congregation and of the Chicago Theological Seminary and an early donor of the original church who was also a noted abolitionist and the city's first druggist.
 Deh-e Fakhireh (Persian: ده فخيره‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Fakhīreh; also known as Fakhīreh-ye Bālā and Fakhīreh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 24 families.
 Dolno Yabalkovo is a village in Sredets Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 P. K. Gurudasan (born 10 July 1935) is an Indian politician trade unionist and a member of Communist Party of India (Marxist). He was the Minister for Labour and Employment in the Government of Kerala headed by VS Achuthananthan between 2006 and 2011. He represents the Kollam Assembly constituency in the Kerala Legislative Assembly. He is also the State President of Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU) and a member of Central Committee of CPI(M).
 Bates Motel is a 1987 television movie spin-off of the 1960 suspense/horror film Psycho. The film is about Alex West a mentally disturbed youth who was admitted to an asylum after killing his abusive stepfather. There he befriends Norman Bates and ends up inheriting the infamous Bates Motel.
 Lake Natron is a salt lake located in northern Tanzania close to the Kenyan border in the eastern branch of the East African Rift. The lake is fed by the Southern Ewaso Ng'iro River and also by mineral-rich hot springs. It is quite shallow less than three metres (9.8 ft) deep and varies in width depending on its water level which changes due to high levels of evaporation leaving behind a mixture of salts and minerals called natron.
 Sounds of Love (ラヴァーズ・コンチェルト ～旋律の魔術師～ lit. Lover's Concerto: Melody of Magic) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Rin Tanaka. It was published by Ohzora Publishing in Japan in December 2007 and released by Aurora Publishing in English in November 2008.
 Henri Jaspar (28 July 1870 – 15 February 1939) was a Belgian Catholic Party politician.Jaspar was born in Schaerbeek and trained as a lawyer. He represented Liège as a Catholic in the Belgian Chamber of Representatives from 1919 until 1936. He helped create the Belgium-Luxembourg Economic Union in 1921 and served as the 27th Prime Minister of Belgium from 1926 to 1931.
 Chromodoris africana or four-coloured nudibranch is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Coleophora pseudodirectella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Poland.
 Lord Jim is a 1965 adventure film made by Columbia Pictures. The picture was produced and directed by Richard Brooks with Jules Buck and Peter O'Toole as associate producers from a screenplay by Brooks. The film stars O'Toole James Mason Curt Jürgens Eli Wallach Jack Hawkins Paul Lukas and Daliah Lavi.It is the second film adaptation of the 1900 novel of the same name by Joseph Conrad.
 Monster is the tenth studio album by the German band Oomph!. The band held a contest for fans to create the cover art for the album similar to the contest for Korn's album Issues. The winning artwork was chosen by the band and presented on Oomph!'s MySpace page on July 23 2008.The first single Wach Auf! was released early in 2008 as a promo for the movie Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem. The video for the second single Beim ersten Mal tut's immer weh was released on July 14 2008.
 Fleißenbach (Czech: Plesná) is a river of Czechia (Karlovy Vary Region) and Germany (Saxony). It is 291 kilometres long and it is a tributary of Ohře. Its source is located in Czechia near Horní Paseky on the southern slope of the Stráž mountain. It crosses the Czech-German border into Germany and then re-enters Czechia near Bad Brambach. Its confluence with Ohře lies southwest of Nebanice.
 The Sierra Madre del Sur is a mountain range in southern Mexico extending 1000 kilometres (620 mi) from southern Michoacán east through Guerrero to the Istmo de Tehuantepec in eastern Oaxaca.
 Nuit Blanche is the third album by Belgian electronic group Vive la Fête.
 Leadership (published October 1 2002 ISBN 0-7868-6841-4) is a book written by Rudolph W. Giuliani (co-authored with Ken Kurson) about his time as Mayor of New York City and how he cleaned up New York City reduced crime and revitalized the economy of the city.
 Spiritual Unity is a 2005 album by Marc Ribot released on Pi Recordings. The album features compositions by Albert Ayler who Ribot identifies as a significant influence. It was recorded at Orange Music Sound Studio West Orange New Jersey on October 28 2004 except Bells which was recorded live at Tonic in New York City on October 27 2004.
 Ian Morley Berry (born 3 November 1951) is an Australian Liberal National politician who is the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Ipswich having defeated Rachel Nolan at the 2012 state election.
 Quentin Durward is a historical novel by Walter Scott first published in 1823. The story concerns a Scottish archer in the service of the French King Louis XI (1423–1483).
 Tatuagem is a 2013 Brazilian drama film the feature film directorial debut of Hilton Lacerda. It was awarded as the Best Picture at the 2013 Festival de Gramado.
 This Rather Than That is an album by American jazz vibraphonist and pianist Buddy Montgomery recorded in 1969 for the Impulse! label.
 Anshei Glen Wild Synagogue is located on Glen Wild Road Sullivan County Route 58 in the unincorporated community of Glen Wild New York United States. It is a small Orthodox synagogue built in the early 1920s for a congregation established during the previous decade.It was founded by a local family and has never had its own rabbi. The synagogue is preserved virtually intact from the time of its construction and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 On the Road (French: Sur la route) is a 2012 Brazilian-French-Canadian adventure drama film directed by Walter Salles. It is an adaptation of the 1957 novel of the same name by Jack Kerouac. The film stars an ensemble cast featuring Garrett Hedlund Sam Riley Kristen Stewart Amy Adams Tom Sturridge Danny Morgan Alice Braga Elisabeth Moss Kirsten Dunst and Viggo Mortensen. The executive producer was Francis Ford Coppola.
 The Twelve Kingdoms (十二国記 Jūni Kokuki also known as Record of 12 Countries or Juuni Kokki a common alternate reading) is a Japanese series of light novels written by Fuyumi Ono and illustrated by Akihiro Yamada. The first entry in the series (The Shadow of the Moon The Sea of Shadow) was published by Kodansha in Japan in 1992; the last Kodansha volume was released in 2001. In 2012 the series was resumed under the Shinchō Bunko line from Shinchosha.
 Sinepuxent Bay is an inland waterway which connects Chincoteague Bay to Isle of Wight Bay and is connected to the Atlantic Ocean via the Ocean City Inlet. It separates Sinepuxent Neck in Worcester County Maryland from Assateague Island and West Ocean City Maryland from downtown Ocean City. Islands in the Sinepuxent Bay include Horn Island and Skimmer Island. It is crossed by the Harry W. Kelley Memorial Bridge on U.S.
 Chaunus ornatus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family that is found in Brazil and possibly Argentina. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers and intermittent freshwater lakes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 DJ Set 1 is a compilation album mixed by Euro House DJ/producer Benny Benassi released in 2003. It is the first in the DJ Set series.
 Choice Is Yours is the third mini album by the Japanese entertainers AAA. It only features the male members of AAA. It was released on avex trax on June 18 2008 in three different editions: CD CD accompanied by a Live DVD and CD accompanied by DVD.It charted at #10 on the Oricon album chart.
 Arua Regional Referral Hospital commonly known as Arua Hospital is a hospital in the town of Arua in northern Uganda. It is the referral hospital for the districts of Adjumani Arua Koboko Maracha Moyo Nebbi Yumbe and Zombo. The hospital also receives referrals from neighboring parts of Southern Sudan and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 Coleophora makuensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 The Cathedral Church of St Martin Leicester usually known as Leicester Cathedral is a Church of England cathedral in the English city of Leicester and the seat of the Bishop of Leicester. The church was elevated to a collegiate church in 1922 and made a cathedral in 1927 following the establishment of a new Diocese of Leicester in 1926.
 Marcus H. MacWillie was a politician who represented the Confederate Arizona Territory in the Congress of the Confederate States during the American Civil War.Little is known of MacWillie's birthplace date of birth or his early life. MacWillie passed his bar exam and established a legal practice in Texas.
 Dominion: Tank Police (ドミニオン) is a two volume manga series written and illustrated by Masamune Shirow. Set in the fictional city of Newport Japan in a future in which bacterial air pollution has become so severe that people must wear gas masks when outdoors the series follows a police squadron that uses tanks.Dominion has been adapted into three OVA series: Dominion Tank Police New Dominion Tank Police (特捜戦車隊ドミニオン Tokusō Sensha-tai Dominion) and TANK S.W.A.T.
 Isorineloricaria spinosissima the Zucchini catfish is a species of armored catfish endemic to western Ecuador. It is the only recognized species in its genus. This species grows to a length of 56.5 centimetres (22.2 in) TL.
 One Two Three Four was the first 7 EP by Punk band The Saints. The EP contained two covers and two re-recorded versions of tracks that originally featured on their debut album (I'm) Stranded. It was originally released in the UK as both a single disc EP and a double 7 with a gatefold shelve. The complete EP was issued on CD in 2007 as bonus tracks to (I'm) Stranded.
 The Common Mapwing (Cyrestis maenalis) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in south-east Asia.
 Lindiwe Benedicta Hendricks (b. 29 July 1957 in Vryburg Northern Cape) is a South African politician and a member of the National Assembly. She has served as Minister of Water and Environmental Affairs in the Department of Water Affairs and Forestry from 22 May 2006 to 10 May 2009.She previously served as Minister of Minerals and Energy from 2005 to 2006 and Deputy Minister of Trade and Industry from 1999 to 2005.
 Juan Isidro Jimenes Pereyra (November 15 1846 – May 9 1919) was a Dominican political figure. He served as the president of the Dominican Republic between 15 November 1899 and 2 May 1902 and again between 5 December 1914 and 7 May 1916.Jimenez was one of the main leaders of the Los Bolos Blue party or Jimenistas opposed to the Los Coludos or Horacistas led by Horacio Vásquez.He is buried in the Catedral de Santa María la Menor.
 Poetics is the sixth studio album by the Mexican alternative rock band Panda following Sinfonía Soledad and preceding Bonanza.
 Tristolzer Berg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Teleorman River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 Łukasz Andrzej Kamiński (born 3 June 1973) is a Polish historian specializing in the history of Poland after 1945 particularly the period of Soviet occupation and the Soviet-imposed People's Republic of Poland. He is the President of the Institute of National Remembrance (IPN).Kamiński earned his doctorate in 1999 and became deputy director of the IPN Bureau of Public Education in 2006 becoming director of the Bureau of Public Education in 2009.
 Kootenay Lake is a lake located in British Columbia Canada and is part of theKootenay River. The lake has been raised by the Corra Linn Dam and has a dike system at the southern end which along with industry in the 1950s-70s has changed the ecosystem in and around the water. Kootenay Lake has a year round toll-free ferry that crosses between Kootenay Bay and Balfour and is a popular summer tourist destination.
 Bobonawan River is a river in eastern central Bukidnon in Mindanao Philippines. It is a tributary of the Pulangi River.
 Cerro Toco is a stratovolcano located in the eastern part of the Atacama desert in Chile's II Region (Antofagasta) approximately 6 km (4 mi) south of the border between Bolivia and Chile and 12 km (7 mi) SE of the Juriques and Licancabur volcanoes. It conforms the north eastern extreme of the Purico Complex a pyroclastic shield made up by several stratovolcanoes lava domes and a maar.Cerro Toco is located in the Chajnantor Scientific Reserve as is most of the Purico Complex.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ochrodion testaceum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Romeo & Juliet: Sealed with a Kiss is a 2006 American animated family fantasy film loosely following the play Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare. The film is about two star-crossed seals Romeo and Juliet (played by Daniel and Patricia Trippet respectively) who fall in love against the wishes of their warring families.
 Lake Barombi Mbo or Barombi-ma-Mbu is a lake near Kumba in the Southwest Region of Cameroon. It is located in the Cameroon volcanic chain and is the largest volcanic lake in this region. It is one of the oldest radiocarbon-dated lakes in Africa. On old colonial maps the area was known as Elefanten Sea (Elephant Lake) but the elephants living in the area were extirpated due to ivory trading.Until now 15 species of fishes have been recorded from the lake.
 Saptarishi (A Constellation of Stars) is a live album of the Indian singer and Ghazal composer Hariharan released in the year 1996 by Magnasound. The album features 8 songs all of them performed by Hariharan during a concert at Siri Fort New Delhi in 1995.
 Fool Metal Jack is the tenth studio album by the Brazilian rock band Os Mutantes. Released in April 30 2013 by the US-based label Krian Music Group is a follow-up to Haih Or Amortecedor Os Mutantes' first studio album in 35 years.
 The Lost Lansdale Series is a series of four books by Joe R. Lansdale. None of the books in the Lost Lansdale series will ever be re-issued in any form including paperback. All have long since sold out.
 Çomoğlu is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Girls at Sea (Danish: Piger til søs) is a 1977 Danish comedy film directed by Finn Henriksen and starring Helle Merete Sørensen.
 Döbraberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 African Studies Quarterly is a peer-reviewed electronic academic journal published quarterly by the Center for African Studies at the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida USA. The journal is indexed by the Public Affairs Information Service (PAIS) and by the Gale Group.
 Aq Gonbaz is village in Samangan Province in northern Afghanistan. It is located in the northern part of Samangan Province and lies in a dry wide valley. Aq Gonbaz is accessed via a dirt track east of the A76 highway to the northeast of Hazrat e Soltan.
 Jail Birds is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Sydney Ayres starring William Garwood Jack Richardson and Charlotte Burton.
 D. K. Shivakumar is a politician from the Indian state of Karnataka. He belongs to the Vokalliga community. He is in the Congress Member of the Legislative Assembly from Kanakapura consitituency.Currently he is a Minster for Energy in Karnataka.
 Ranseren (Southern Sami: Raentsere bijjie) is a lake on the border between Norway and Sweden. The Norwegian side lies in Hattfjelldal municipality in Nordland county (and it is inside Børgefjell National Park).
 Guns in the Heather is a 1969 Walt Disney family film directed by Robert Butler. It stars Kurt Russell Glenn Corbett and Alfred Burke.
 In Persuasion Nation is short story writer George Saunders’s third full length short story collection; it is 240 pages long. The collection has many stories that appeared in different forms in The New Yorker Harper's Esquire and McSweeney's. The collection as a whole was a finalist for The Story Prize in 2007.
 The Quest: Energy Security and the Remaking of the Modern World is an international bestselling book by energy expert Daniel Yergin. The book was initially published on September 20 2011 through Penguin Press and is considered to be the follow-up to Yergin’s 1992 Pulitzer Prize winning history of oil The Prize and describes the development of the current energy system and prospects for the future.
 Marupadiyum Oru Kadhal is a 2012 Tamil romance film written and directed by Vasu Baskar starring Anirudh Jyoshna Suman and Vadivelu. It was released on 15 June and received negative reviews.The film however has been appreciated for its comedy scenes by Vadivelu as Dr. Singaram MBBS.
 Callionymus whiteheadi is a species of dragonet found in the Pacific waters around Indonesia.
 Levi Clifford Wade (January 18 1843-March 21 1891) was a lawyer politician and railroad executive who served as a member and the Speaker of the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1879 and as the president of the Mexican Central Railway from 1884 until his death in 1891.
 Ahasverus advena the foreign grain beetle is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae. It is related to the sawtoothed grain beetle.
 Michael Anthony Montagano was the Democratic nominee for U.S. Congress in Indiana's 3rd congressional district (see map) in the 2008 U.S. Congressional elections.
 Optic Nerve is a comic book series by cartoonist Adrian Tomine. Originally self-published by Tomine in 1991 as a series of mini-comics (which have later been collected in a single volume 32 Stories) the series has been published by Drawn and Quarterly since 1995.Tomine's style and subject matter are restrained and realistic. Many are set in Northern California.
 Columbus Stockade Blues is a 1970 compilation album by country singer Willie Nelson. It was his first release in the 1970s.
 Dorcatoma setulosa is a species of beetles in the genus Dorcatoma of the family Anobiidae.
 The Brothers is a British film melodrama of 1947 starring Patricia Roc and John Laurie from a novel of the same name by L.A.G. Strong. It is set in the Western Isles of Scotland and the long and murderous grudge between two clans there the Macraes and McFarishes. Patricia Roc plays a serving girl whose arrival to work for the Macraes reinflames the conflict and causes an internal power-struggle between two brothers in the Macrae clan (played by Maxwell Reed and Duncan Macrae).
 The Heiresses (Hungarian: Örökség) is a 1980 Hungarian drama film directed by Márta Mészáros. It was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 Kandlakoya is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Medchal mandal. There is a junction of Outer Ring Road Hyderabad passing through the village. Sai Geetha Ashram is also located here.
 Mesoscia is a genus of moth in the family Megalopygidae.
 K-20: Legend of the Mask (K-20 怪人二十面相・伝 Kē-Tuentī: Kaijin Nijū Mensō Den literally Legend of the Twenty-Faced Mysterious Person) at film festivals The Fiend with Twenty Faces on home video in the United States and The Legend of the Black Mask in the United Kingdom) is a 2008 Japanese action film written and directed by Shimako Satō and based on a novel by Sō Kitamura and its sequel. The film released worldwide on December 20 2008.
 Helcogramma solorensis known commonly as the Solor triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma. It was described by Fricke in 1997.
 A Guide for the Daylight Hours is the debut album by Scottish group Ballboy released in 2002. The album artwork was provided by David Shrigley.
 Kikokuzan Kongō Jufuku Zenji (亀谷山金剛寿福禅寺) usually known as Jufuku-ji is a temple of the Kenchō-ji branch of the Rinzai sect and the oldest Zen temple in Kamakura Kanagawa Prefecture Japan. Ranked third among Kamakura's prestigious Five Mountains it is number 24 among the Thirty-Three Kamakura Kannon (鎌倉三十三観音 Kamakura Sanjūsan Kannon) pilgrimage temples and number 18 of the Kamakura Nijūyon Jizō (鎌倉二十四地蔵) temples. Its main object of worship is Shaka Nyorai.
 Perittia junnilaisella is a moth of the family Elachistidae. It is found in Turkey.
 Omar Kabbaj is an advisor to King Mohammed VI of Morocco since 22 June 2006. He was the chairman of the African Development Bank from 26 August 1995 to 1 September 2005.Before that he was a member of the board of the International Monetary Fund (1980–1993) and member of the Board of Directors of the World Bank (1979–1980) and Minister Delegate to the Prime Minister of Morocco in charge of affairs Economic from 1993 to 1995. Omar Kabbaj is also a Knight of the Order of the Throne of Morocco.
 Babylon 5: The Lost Tales is an anthology show set in the Babylon 5 universe. It was announced by J. Michael Straczynski creator of Babylon 5 at the San Diego Comic Con in July 2006. Straczynski has described the stories as ones he had for the Babylon 5 television series but never had the time to produce.
 Manuel Luís Baltazar da Câmara (c. 1570 - April 1617) member of the Gonçalves da Câmara was son of Rui Gonçalves da Câmara III and succeeded him as the 6th Donatary Captain of the island of São Miguel.
 Czaje [ˈt͡ʂajɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Saru Kola (Persian: ساروكلا‎ also Romanized as Sārū Kolā) is a village in Kuhsaran Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2470 in 709 families.
 Bill Segal (born in 1949 in Orlando Florida) was the District 5 County Commissioner of the Orange County Board of County Commissioners in Orange County Florida and was a candidate for Mayor of Orange County.
 Demirözü is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village is situated in Taurus Mountains. The distance to Gülnar is 23 kilometres (14 mi) and to Mersin is 170 kilometres (110 mi). The population of the village was 349 as of 2011. There are two ponds with reed beds to the northeast of the village.
 Messiah is a 'sacred eclogue' by Alexander Pope composed in 1709. It is based on the Fourth Eclogue of Virgil and is an example of English Classicism's appropriation and reworking of the genres subject matter and techniques of classical Latin literature.Samuel Johnson while still a student at Oxford University translated Pope's 'Messiah' into Latin hexameters: it was Johnson's first published work (1731).
 The Iraq Sun is a newspaper in Dearborn Heights Michigan. The newspaper started publishing in 2005 by Iraq Media Inc. and serves Iraqi and Arab people living in Detroit Southfield Michigan Oak Park Michigan Sterling Heights Michigan Farmington Michigan Dearborn Michigan Dearborn Heights Michigan Westland Michigan Ann Arbor Michigan Inkster Michigan Washington DC Los Angeles and San Diego California.
 Lady and the Tramp is a 1955 American animated romantic comedy film produced by Walt Disney and released to theaters on 22 June 1955 by Buena Vista Distribution. The 15th animated film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series it was the first animated feature filmed in the CinemaScope widescreen film process. The story centers on a female American Cocker Spaniel named Lady who lives with a refined upper-middle-class family and a male stray mutt called the Tramp.
 Kashmir Observer is one of the first English-language daily newspapers published in Srinagar in Kashmir a state of India.The daily began its publication in March 1997 when the local population caught up in a bloody conflict and hungry for news was dependent on newspapers coming from New Delhi.The Observer is among the very few newspapers believed to have retained credibility despite heavy odds facing media in conflict-ridden Kashmir.Kashmir Observer Online is the global face of the daily Kashmir Observer on the internet. 
 God's Son is the sixth studio album by American rapper Nas released December 13 2002 on Columbia-imprint Ill Will Records. Production for the album took place during 2001 to 2002 and was handled by several hip hop producers including Salaam Remi Chucky Thompson Ron Browz and The Alchemist. Partly inspired by Nas's feud with Jay-Z and the death of his mother in early 2002 God's Son covers lyrical themes such as religion violence and his own emotional experiences.
 Rhabdophaga rosaria is a gall midge which forms Camellia galls or terminal rosette gall on willow species.
 Sleeping Bride (ガラスの脳 Garasu no Nō Glass Brain) is a Japanese 2000 tragic-romance film directed by Hideo Nakata based on a comic by Osamu Tezuka. It is probably best known to Western audiences for its inclusion in a Tartan Asia Extreme DVD release of the Ring trilogy which included it as a fourth Nakata feature unrelated to the Ring series.
 The Abyssinian Thrush or African Mountain Thrush (Turdus abyssinicus) is a passerine bird in the Turdidae family. It has recently been split from the Olive Thrush (Turdus olivaceus) on genetic differences. Their ranges do not overlap. The southern and northern populations may be distinct species.
 The Wharf Times Square (Chinese: 无锡九龙仓项目A塔; Chinese: 無錫九龍倉項目A塔) is a late-modernist supertall skyscraper under construction in Wuxi China. The mixed-use tower is set to rise 339 metres (1112 ft) and contain 68 floors. Construction of the 280000 square metres (3014000 sq ft)-glass and steel-building is expected to be complete in 2014.
 Molophilus is a very large genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Saints Peter and Paul Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral located in Indianapolis Indiana United States. It is the seat of the Archdiocese of Indianapolis. St. John the Evangelist Church in Indianapolis served as the Proto-cathedral from 1871-1907. Saints Peter and Paul parish was established in 1892. The cathedral itself was built between 1905 and 1907. The Diocese of Vincennes was officially renamed the Diocese of Indianapolis by Pope Leo XIII on March 28 1898.
 The Heart of Midlothian is the seventh of Sir Walter Scott’s Waverley Novels. It was originally published in four volumes on 25 July 1818 under the title of Tales of My Landlord 2nd series and the author was given as Jedediah Cleishbotham Schoolmaster and Parish-clerk of Gandercleugh. Although the identity of the author of the Waverley Novels was well known by this time Scott still chose to write under a pseudonym.
 Kartike Deurali is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3214 in 533 individual households.
 Gardhab Das created by cartoonist brothers Neelabh Banerjee and Jayanto Banerjee was a comic section run in the Indian youth magazine Target. The main character Gardhab Das had a donkey face and was always depicted wearing a kurta and pajamas. His main trait was his singing or lack of it. He was a perpetually unemployed music teacher. Famously known for disturbing the peace with his vocals and his harmonium he was always at loggerheads with his landlord being a penniless 'singer'.
 The First National Bank is a five story building in Grand Forks North Dakota that was built in 1914–15 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was built for the Scandinavian-American Bank but has been identified as the First National Bank building since 1929.When it was founded the Scandinavian-American Bank had its offices in the Metropolitan Opera House n Grand Forks. The new bank building was constructed in 1914–15 and occupied in 1915.
 Hearty magazine hearty (written in lower case) is a Canadian online magazine that focuses on emerging culture fashion music and art. Previous features include Florence and the Machine Rye Rye YACHT photographer Tim Barber Nina Sky Flying Lotus Vivian Girls producer 88-Keys Emily Haines and Ray Mate.In 2010 hearty collaborated with designer Jeff Staple on a sticker and singer Mayer Hawthorne on a mixtape.hearty was founded in 2008 by functioning editor-in-chief Hana May.
 Furrlough is a furry comic book originally published by Antarctic Press and continued by Radio Comix. It is edited by Elin Winkler and is nicknamed (dubbed) Your Funny Animal Anthology.First published in 1991 Furrlough originally featured military-themed comic book stories with anthropomorphic characters. But as more issues were published the comic expanded to also include action adventure fantasy and sci-fi stories as well.
 Millesgården is an art museum and sculpture garden located on the island of Lidingö in Stockholm Sweden. It is located on the grounds of the home of sculptor Carl Milles and his wife artist Olga Milles who are both buried there.
 St. Michael's Cathedral (Chinese: 圣弥爱尔大教堂; pinyin: Shèng Míàiěr Dàjiàotáng)，also called the Zhejiang Road Catholic Church（浙江路天主教堂），which is abbreviated by locals to simply the Catholic Church (天主教堂）is a Catholic church in Qingdao (also known as Tsingtao) Shandong Province China and is the seat of the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Qingdao. It is located in the oldest part of Qingdao at 15 Zhejiang Road on the east side of Zhongshan Road in Shinan District.
 Ambang is a complex of volcanoes at the western of the northern arm of Sulawesi island Indonesia. There are two lakes lake Mo'oat and lake Tondok (Danau Mo'oat and danau Tondok) at an elevation of 750 m. The larger of the two lakes is Mo'oat. Both of them are side by side. The volcano contains several craters up to 400 m in diameter and five solfatara fields. The only historical account of its eruption occurred somewhere in 1850s.
 Dragon Ball Z: Cooler's Revenge also known by its Japanese title Dragon Ball Z: The Incredible Mightiest vs. Mightiest (ドラゴンボールZ とびっきりの最強対最強 Doragon Bōru Zetto: Tobikkiri no Saikyō tai Saikyō) or by Toei's own English title Dragon Ball Z: The Strongest Rivals is the fifth Dragon Ball Z animated feature movie originally released in Japan on July 20 1991 at the Toei Anime Fair.Funimation Entertainment released the film in North America with an English dub to VHS and DVD on January 22 2002.
 Ip Kin-yuen (Chinese: 葉建源 born 1962) is a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong for Education constituency and a chief executive for Hong Kong Professional Teachers' Union.
 The Secret Hour is a science-fiction fantasy novel written by Scott Westerfeld. It was published by EOS Books a now defunct branch of HarperCollins in 2004. It is the first book of The Midnighters Trilogy.
 John G. Bryden (born August 25 1937) is a former Canadian Senator.A lawyer former public servant and businessman Bryden was summoned to the Senate as a Liberal by Governor General Ray Hnatyshyn on the advice of Prime Minister Jean Chrétien on November 23 1994. He represented the province of New Brunswick until his resignation on October 31 2009.
 Steven Seokho Choi (Korean: 최석호 Seok-Ho Choi; born January 15 1944) is a U.S. Republican Party politician from Orange County California. He is the current mayor of Irvine California. Prior to that he served as one of two Korean Americans on the Irvine City Council and was the first Asian American to have been elected to a four-year term on the City Council. Choi came to media attention in 2008 because of his remarks on CAIR that sparked a public outcry.
 Single Cuts is a limited edition box set by English heavy metal band Judas Priest consisting of 20 of the band's singles on 20 CDs including all original b-sides making a total of 51 tracks. It was announced on 7 June 2011 for release on 25 August later delayed to 17 October because of technical reasons with free magnets being offered as a compensation for the delay to anyone who pre-ordered the box set.
 Cribrarula gravida is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 The Coacăz River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 6505 Church Street in Cass City Michigan.It was built in 1907 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 The Mary Ann Shadd Cary House is a historic residence located at 1421 W Street Northwest in Washington D.C. From 1881 to 1885 it was the home of Mary Ann Shadd Cary a writer and abolitionist who was one of the first African American female journalists in North America and who became one of the first black female lawyers after the American Civil War.The house was declared a National Historic Landmark on December 8 1976 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Chimney Rock (K'lpalekw in Secwepemctsin meaning Coyote's Penis) is a limestone formation in Marble Canyon midway between the towns of Lillooet and Cache Creek in British Columbia Canada.
 Kashk (Persian: كاشك‎ also Romanized as Kāshk) is a village in Tabas Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 49 families. Further it is the region in which Kashk Hendessi found its recipes centuries ago.
 The long-tailed shrew or rock shrew (Sorex dispar) is a small North American shrew found in Atlantic Canada and the north-eastern United States.This shrew is slate grey in colour with a pointed snout a long tail and lighter underparts. It is found on rocky slopes in mountainous areas along the Atlantic coast from Gaspé Peninsula Quebec and Cape Breton Island Nova Scotia to northern Georgia. It eats insects and spiders. Predators include hawks owls and snakes.
 The Quick Gun is a 1964 Western film starring Audie Murphy. It was one of a series of low-budget films he made in the 1960s.
 Al-Kompars (Arabic: الكومبارس‎) (International title: The Extras) is a Syrian feature film by director Nabil Maleh.The film presents a humorous contemporary romance about an insecure/moody bachelor and a gentle widow. Salem (Bassam Koussa) is a garage mechanic who finds escape as an extra in a theater group. Having no apartment of his own he borrows a friend's place for an innocent afternoon tryst with widowed Nada (Samar Sami) a worker in a garment factory.
 The Moose River is a river in Mount Robson Provincial Park of British Columbia. It is the first river tributary of the Fraser entering the Fraser just above the inlet to Moose Lake which ironically is along the course of the Fraser & not the Moose.
 Flock of Dodos: The Evolution-Intelligent Design Circus is a documentary film by American marine biologist and filmmaker Randy Olson. It highlights the debate between proponents of the concept of intelligent design and the scientific consensus that supports evolution.The documentary was first screened publicly on February 2 2006 in Kansas where much of the public controversy on intelligent design began as well as the starting point of discussion in the documentary.
 Tolypeutinae is a subfamily of armadillo in the Dasypodidae family. It contains the following three extant genera:†KuntinaruCabassousPriodontesTolypeutes↑ ↑ ↑
 Darolelm (Persian: دارالعلم‎) is an Iranian newspaper in the Fars region. The Concessionaire of this magazine was Enayatollah Dastgheib and it was published in Shiraz since 1909.
 Kiasar (Persian: كياسر‎ also Romanized as Kīāsar) is a village in Asara Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 31 families.
 The North 23rd Street Bridge in Tacoma Washington was built in 1909. It was designed by engineers Waddell & Harrington. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Spilarctia holobrunnea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Joicey and Talbot in 1916. It is found in New Guinea where it has been recorded from the Arfak Mountains in Papua. It is probably also present in Papua New Guinea.
 L'Écho du Cambodge (Echo of Cambodia) was a French language weekly socialist newspaper published from Phnom Penh Cambodia. The newspaper was founded in 1922.In 1929 there was a Vietnamese language supplement to the newspaper for a brief period.In 1937 the director of the newspaper was André Alliès.
 The Best American Magazine Writing 2007 is a non-fiction book published by Columbia University Press and edited by the American Society of Magazine Editors. It features recognized high-quality journalism pieces from the previous year. The book includes an account by journalist William Langewiesche of Vanity Fair about a controversial United States military operation in Iraq an investigative journalism article for Rolling Stone by Janet Reitman a piece published in Esquire by C.J.
 Cecile Richards (born 1958) is an American activist and has been the president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America since 2006. She is a member of the Democratic Party. In 2010 Richards was elected to the Ford Foundation board of trustees.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād; also known as Kasiabad Yang-Kalekh Yang Qal‘eh and Yengī Qal‘eh) is a village in Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 21 families.
 The Rendezvous (約束 Yakusoku) is a 1972 Japanese film directed by Kōichi Saitō. It was entered into the 22nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Loretta A. Preska (born January 7 1949) is Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and a former nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
 Shahrbon (Persian: شهربن‎) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 39 families.
 Abu Sayeed Chowdhury (January 5 1921 - August 2 1987) was a jurist and the second President of Bangladesh who was first sworn into office. Abu Sayeed Choudhury was born on January 5 1921 in a Zamindari (Landed) family of Nagbari in Tangail District.His family's old heritage and wealth is widely known.
 The Last Ride to Santa Cruz (German: Der Letzte Ritt nach Santa Cruz) is a 1964 West German Western film directed by Rolf Olsen and starring Edmund Purdom.
 No Place to Hide is a 1981 made-for-TV psychological thriller directed by John Llewellyn Moxey. The film is based on an unpublished story by Harriet Steinberg and stars Mariette Hartley Kathleen Beller and Keir Dullea.
 Memories and Portraits is a collection of essays by Robert Louis Stevenson first published in 1887.
 Satyun (सात्यूं ) (Satyu) is a village of Taranagar tehsil in Churu district in Rajasthan India.
 The Whippany Burying Yard in the Whippany section of Hanover Township Morris County New Jersey United States was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 11 2009.The two plus acre burying yard which has approximately 450 graves and which dates back to 1718 is the oldest cemetery in northwest New Jersey. Graves include those of veterans of the French and Indian War the American Revolution the Civil War and World War I.
 The Templo Conventual de Santo Domingo de Guzmán is a Roman Catholic church within the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Puebla de los Angeles with the archangel Michael as its patron saint. Inside is the Capilla del Rosario an example of New Spanish Baroque considered in its time to be the eighth wonder of the world.
 Suburban Madness is an American crime drama television film based on a true story starring Sela Ward as PI Bobbi Bacha of Blue Moon Investigations.Suburban Madness is very loosely based on the true story of 44-year-old Clara Harris a successful Texas dentist and mother of young twins who hired private investigator Bobbi Bacha played by actress Sela Ward to spy on her philandering orthodontist husband.
 The International Order of Twelve Knights and Daughters of Tabor is a black fraternal organization best known as the sponsor of the Taborian Hospital.Originally founded as the International Order of Twelve in 1846 as an antislavery society the Order was re-organized in 1872 as a fraternal organization in Independence Missouri. The new leader of the group was Moses Dickson a clergymen of the African Methodist Episcopal Church.
 Ahghuk (Persian: اهجوك‎ also Romanized as Āhghūk Āhchūk and Ah Chūk) is a village in Korond Rural District in the Central District of Boshruyeh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Amata phaeobasis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1907. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda.
 City of Golden Shadow is the first book in Tad Williams' Otherland series.
 Sir Geoffrey Francis Taylor Colby (1901–1958) was a British colonial administrator who was Governor of the protectorate of Nyasaland between 1948 and 1956. He fought unsuccessfully against creation of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland.
 Mørsvikbotn Chapel (Norwegian: Mørsvikbotn kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Mørsvikbotn. The church is part of the Sørfold parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden building was completed in 1955. It seats about 140 people.
 Lieutenant-General Roméo Antonius Dallaire OC CMM GOQ MSC CD (born June 25 1946) is a Canadian senator humanitarian author and retired general. Dallaire served as Force Commander of UNAMIR the ill-fated United Nations peacekeeping force for Rwanda between 1993 and 1994 and attempted to stop the genocide that was being waged by Hutu extremists against Tutsis and Hutu moderates.
 Armsia petasus is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amastridae. This species is endemic to the United States.
 Ahmad Matin-Daftari also known as Mo'in al-Dowleh (1896-1971) was a Prime Minister of Iran.Born in Tehran to Mirza Mahmud-khan Ain ul-Mamalek he studied in Tehran's German School and received his PhD in France.He served as Senator in Iran's Majlis and became Prime Minister in 1939 with the fall of Mahmoud Jam's administration.During his administration the first National census was implemented in Iran and Iran's first National Radio transmitter was inaugurated.He was thrown in prison after the Anglo-Soviet invasion of Iran by the Allies in 1941 because of his German connections.He died in Tehran at the age of 76.
 Babubhai Jashbhai Patel was the chief minister of Gujarat state in India. He hold the office twice first time from June 1975 to March 1976 as the leader of Janata Morcha and the second time from April 1977 to February as leader of Janata Party.
 Kokošiće is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 124 people.
 Judy Eason McIntyre (born May 21 1945) is an American politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma. A Democrat McIntyre served as an Oklahoma state Senator from 2004 to 2012 representing District 11 which includes Osage and Tulsa counties. She also served as State Representative from 2002 to 2004 representing District 73 where she was the first freshman appointed to the Speaker's Leadership Team.
 St Stephen's Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Skipton. It is situated next to Ermysted's Grammar School close to the town centre. It was built in 1836 and was founded by the Tempest family and originally administered by the Society of Jesus. It is a Grade II listed building.
 The Sarah Munroe Three-Decker (or Monroe) is a historic triple decker house at 11 Rodney Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1892 and was noted for its Queen Anne styling when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. Many of these details including porch details and bracketed eaves have subsequently been lost (see photo).
 The Shiawassee River in the U.S. state of Michigan is 120 miles (190 km) long and generally flows in a northerly direction. It merges with the Flint River the Cass River and the Tittabawassee River to form the Saginaw River which drains into the Saginaw Bay of Lake Huron.
 Wormegay Priory was a priory in Norfolk England. It was founded by William de Warenne a royal justice.
 José Antonio 'Tony' C. Leviste (born 1940) is a Filipino politician who served as governor of the Philippine province Batangas from 1972 to 1980. Born to a distinguished Batangueño family renowned in both business and politics he was married to Senator Loren Legarda separating from her before the 2004 election campaign.
 Love My Life (ラブ・マイ・ライフ Rabu mai raifu) is a 2001 Japanese josei manga by Ebine Yamaji and a 2006 live-action film directed by Kōji Kawano based on the manga itself.Love My Life was originally serialized in the josei magazine Feel Young and collected in a single tankōbon volume released in September 2001. The single volume has been translated into Mandarin and released by Taiwan Kadokawa and is available internationally on several Asian online shops like YesAsia.
 Cosmosoma evadnes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Stoll in 1781. It is found in Surinam.
 Klæbu Church (Norwegian: Klæbu kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Klæbu in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Klæbu. The octagonal church building was built in 1790 by architect Lars Larsen Forsæth.The church is a part of the Klæbu parish in the Heimdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 The Kenosha News is a 22000 daily 26000 Sunday (http://www.auditedmedia.com/) morning daily newspaper published in Kenosha Wisconsin USA serving southeastern Wisconsin and northeastern Illinois. It is the original and flagship property of United Communications Corporation.The News also prints a 34000-circulation weekly shopper KNentertain and a weekly 22000-circulation newspaper the Zion-Benton News & Bargaineer.
 Mohammad Vali Beyk (Persian: محمدولي بيك‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad Valī Beyk and Moḩammad Valī Beyg) is a village in Dorungar Rural District Now Khandan District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 33 families.
 Alan Fine (born June 12 1953) is an author executive coach consultant and speaker. Fine began his career as a tennis coach in the United Kingdom. In the late 1970s he worked with Graham Alexander and Sir John Whitmore using Timothy Gallwey’s Inner Game theory as part of their coaching process. An outcome of their work was the development of the GROW model (Goal Reality Options Way Forward).Fine has coached athletes in Europe and the United States.
 The Little Lady Next Door is a 1915 short film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 Morbid Latenight Show is the first studio album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Bertine Zetlitz and was released on March 2 1998.　Japan was pre-release on January 28 1998.
 The San Antonio River is a major waterway that originates in central Texas in a cluster of springs in Midtown San Antonio approximately four miles north of Downtown and follows a roughly southeastern path through the state. It eventually feeds into the Guadalupe River about ten miles from San Antonio Bay on the Gulf of Mexico. The river is 240 miles long and crosses five counties: Bexar Goliad Karnes Refugio and Wilson.
 Jaded is the third album by Finnish gothic metal band To/Die/For.
 The Gârbovăț River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 Withington Community Hospital (officially known as the Withington Community Hospital and Diagnostic and Treatment Centre) is a hospital in south Manchester England.A new hospital building to the south-east of the old site is now a primary care base it now provides specialist care to those who are awaiting diagnostic treatment and day surgery appointments.At its height the hospital was the largest teaching hospital in Europe thanks in part to its affiliation with the University of Manchester which has one of the largest medical schools in the north of England.
 Paguyaman River is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia.
 Mayer Hirsch House is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 26 1979.
 The Carpenul River is a tributary of the Muncaciu River in Romania.
 Highland is a village in Highland County Ohio United States. The population was 254 at the 2010 census.James G. Polk a Democratic Party politician is buried here.
 The Blind Princess and the Poet is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 Margarita Stefanova Popova (Bulgarian: Маргарита Стефанова Попова) (born May 15 1956) is Bulgarian jurist prosecutor educator who has been Vice President of Bulgaria since 2012. She previously served as Minister of Justice from July 27 2009 to September 4 2011 in the cabinet of Boyko Borisov. As the running mate of presidential candidate Rosen Plevneliev in the October 2011 presidential election she was elected as Vice President and took office in January 2012.
 The New Orleans Museum of Art (or NOMA) is the oldest fine arts museum in the city of New Orleans. It is situated within City Park a short distance from the intersection of Carrollton Avenue and Esplanade Avenue and near the terminus of the Canal Street - City Park streetcar line. It was established in 1911 as the Delgado Museum of Art.
 Tomb of Darius I (Darius the Great) is one of the four tombs of Achaemenid kings at the historical site of Naqsh-e Rustam located about 12 km northwest of Persepolis Iran. They are all at a considerable height above the ground. One of the tombs is explicitly identified by an accompanying inscription to be the tomb of Darius I (c. 522–486 BC). The other three tombs are believed to be those of Xerxes I (c. 486–465 BC) Artaxerxes I (c. 465–424 BC) and Darius II (c. 423–404 BC).
 The Unsinkable Molly Brown is a 1964 American musical film directed by Charles Walters. The screenplay by Helen Deutsch is based on the book of the 1960 musical The Unsinkable Molly Brown by Richard Morris. The song score was composed by Meredith Willson. The plot is a fictionalized account of the life of Margaret Brown who survived the 1912 sinking of the RMS Titanic.
 Sommerkahl is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Johnny Apollo is a 1940 crime film directed by Henry Hathaway.It stars Tyrone Power as a man who resorts to crime to buy a pardon for his embezzler father (Edward Arnold). Lloyd Nolan plays the gangster he works for while Dorothy Lamour portrays the boss's girlfriend.
 Love Is Like a Butterfly is the 14th solo studio album by Dolly Parton released in September 1974. The title track was the third consecutive single to reach #1 on the U.S. country charts for Parton. For the few years before her pop chart success Butterfly was considered Parton's signature song and was used as the theme song for her 1976 syndicated music series Dolly!. The album peaked at # 7 on the country albums charts.
 The Harlem Fire Watchtower also known as the Mount Morris Fire Watchtower is the only surviving one of eleven cast-iron watchtowers placed throughout New York City starting in the 1850s. It was built by Julius H. Kroehl for $2300 based on a design by James Bogardus. It is located in Marcus Garvey Park in Manhattan.The Mount Morris Park tower went into service in 1857 in response to Harlem residents’ demand.
 Footloose is a 1984 American musical-drama film directed by Herbert Ross. It tells the story of Ren McCormack (Kevin Bacon) an upbeat Chicago teen who moves to a small town in which as a result of the efforts of a local minister (John Lithgow) dancing and rock music have been banned.The film is loosely based on events that took place in the small rural and religious community of Elmore City Oklahoma.
 Bastardiser is the first full-length album by Swiss Mathcore band Knut released in Europe in 1998.
 Jezero (Kakanj) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Robert Joseph Mellish Baron Mellish PC (3 March 1913 – 9 May 1998) was a British politician. He was a long-serving Labour Party MP (from 1946 to 1982) and served as the Labour Chief Whip from 1969 until 1976 but in his later years he fell out with his local Constituency Labour Party which had become dominated by left-wingers and eventually left the party.
 The Burro-Burro River is a river of Guyana.
 Insensibility is a poem written by Wilfred Owen during the First World War which explores the effect of warfare on soldiers and the long- and short-term psychological effects that it has on them. The poem's title refers to the fact that the soldiers have lost the ability to feel due to the horrors which they faced on the Western Front during the First World War.
 Not of This Earth is the eighth studio album by The Damned. It is often (perhaps more correctly) called I'm Alright Jack & The Beanstalk.The album has a convoluted history. Following the Final Damnation concerts in 1988 the original line-up of the band (singer Dave Vanian guitarist Brian James bass guitarist Captain Sensible and drummer Rat Scabies) had briefly collaborated to record the track Prokofiev which had a low-key USA-only release on the independent Skinnies Cut label.
 Kurbinovo (Macedonian: Курбиново) is a village in the Resen Municipality of Macedonia northeast of Lake Prespa. The village is located nearly 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) south of the municipal centre of Resen. The village is best known for being home to the 12th century Monastery of St George.
 Darasara (Persian: دراسرا‎ also Romanized as Darāsarā; also known as Darreh Sarā) is a village in Langarud Rural District Salman Shahr District Abbasabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 78 families.
 Eyitayo Lambo was appointed the Nigerian Federal Minister of Health in July 2003 holding office until May 2007 during the second term of the presidency of Olusegun Obasanjo.
 Rafael de la Barra López (1810–1894) was a Chilean lawyer and politician. He was born in Santiago in 1810. He died in the same city in 1894. He was the son of Juan Francisco de la Barra Loaiza and Mercedes López Villaseñor and nephew of Melchor León de la Barra.
 Monkey High! (サルヤマっ！! Saruyama!) is a Japanese manga written by Shouko Akira and published by Shogakukan. The manga is serialised in Shogakukan's Betsucomi. The manga is licensed for an English-language release by Viz Media.
 Summa Iniuria: Ein Pitaval der Justizirrtümer (Summa Iniuria: A Pitaval of Miscarriages of Justice) is a collection of causes célèbres by the Swiss author Hans M. Sutermeister. It is considered “one of the most detailed documentations about miscarriages of justice in the German language”. It is inspired by Voltaire′s early activism against French miscarriages of justice of puritan origin as well as by Arthur Conan Doyle′s criminalistic approaches.
 The Chrysler Museum of Art is an art museum in the Ghent district of Norfolk Virginia. The museum was originally founded in 1933 as the Norfolk Museum of Arts and Sciences. In 1971 automotive heir Walter P. Chrysler Jr. (whose wife Jean Outland Chrysler was a native of Norfolk) donated most of his extensive collection to the museum. This single gift significantly expanded the museum's collection making it one of the major art museums in the Southeastern United States.
 Edo Ronchi (born 31 May 1950) is an Italian engineer and politician. He served as minister of environment and protection of land and sea from 1996 to 2000 in three different cabinets. He was the first Green politician to hold a cabinet post in Italy.
 McKenzie Mountain is a 3861-foot (1177 m) mountain in western Essex County in the towns of St. Armand and North Elba in the Adirondack Park a unit of the Forest Preserve.The mountain was formerly known as Saddleback due to its shape. There are two trails to the top. One maintained by NYSDEC begins at the Jackrabbit Ski Trail that runs between Saranac Lake and Lake Placid.
 Under Cover 2 is the 5th solo album of Joe Lynn Turner released in 1999. Just like Under Cover the album consists mainly of covers of Turner's favourite artists.
 Hockey Dad: A Play in 3 Periods is a Canadian play by Stephen Waldschmidt and James Popoff. It is a comedy and was Burnt Thicket Theatre's first production followed by She Has a Name. The premiere was performed at the Pacific Theatre in Vancouver British Columbia on February 17 2010. Further performances ran there until February 27. The play was later performed in Red Deer Alberta from October 27-30 2010 at the Scott Block Theatre. The titular character is Todd Williams.
 Tørres Snørtevold is a 1940 Norwegian comedy film directed by Tancred Ibsen. It starred Alfred Maurstad Folkman Schaanning and Anton Jessen and was based on the novel Jacob by Alexander Kielland.
 Zielin [ˈʑelin] (formerly German Sellin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieszkowice within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Mieszkowice 51 km (32 mi) south of Gryfino and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 579.
 Sipatosia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Kamen Rider Ryuki The Movie: Episode Final (劇場版 仮面ライダー龍騎 EPISODE FINAL Gekijōban Kamen Raidā Ryūki Episōdo Fainaru) is the theatrical film adaptation of the Japanese 2002 Kamen Rider series Kamen Rider Ryuki directed by Ryuta Tasaki and written by Toshiki Inoue. The catchphrases for the movie are  (想像を超える壮大な戦闘〈バトル〉。 Sōzō o Koeru Sōdai na Batoru.) and  (龍騎、衝撃の結末。最終回、先行映画化。 Ryūki Shōgeki no Ketsumatsu.
 The jungle cat (Felis chaus) is a medium-sized cat native to Asia from southern China in the east through Southeast and Central Asia to the Nile Valley in the west. It is listed as Least Concern in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species as it is widespread and common particularly in India. Population declines and range contraction are of concern particularly in Egypt in the Caucasus and in southwestern Central and Southeast Asia.Geographic variation in the jungle cat is quite considerable.
 Varingskollen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Hecatera cappa is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Morocco Algeria central and south-eastern Europe Turkey Transcaucasia Israel Lebanon Jordan Iran and central Asia.Adults are on wing from April to May in Israel and at the beginning and end of summer in central Europe. There is one generation per year in Israel. In Europe there are two generations.The larvae feed on the flowers and seeds of Scropulariae and Delphinium species.
 Qalvazeh (Persian: قلوزه‎ also Romanized as Qālvāzeh) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 23 families.
 Jagdish Sharan Verma (18 January 1933 – 22 April 2013) was an Indian jurist who served as the 27th Chief Justice of India from 25 March 1997 to 18 January 1998. Thereafter he was the Chairman of National Human Rights Commission from 1999 to 2003 and Chairman of the Justice Verma Committee Report on Amendments to Criminal Law after the 2012 Delhi gang rape case.
 The Cathedral of St. James (Armenian: Սրբոց Յակոբեանց Վանք Հայոց or Saint Jacob Armenian Cathedral) is a 12th-century Armenian church in the Armenian Quarter of Jerusalem near the quarter's entry gate. The cathedral is dedicated to Christian Saints: James the Greater (one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus) and James the Just (brother of Jesus).It is the principal church of the Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem also known as the Armenian Patriarchate of St. James.
 The Man From Saigon is 2009 novel by Marti Leimbach.It was published in the United Kingdom by Fourth Estate in 2009 and in the United States by Nan A. Talese/Random House in 2010.
 The Macau Economic and Cultural Office (Chinese: 澳門經濟文化辦事處; pinyin: Àomén Jīngjì Wénhuà Bànshìchù) is the representative office of Macau in the Republic of China. Its counterpart body in Macau is the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Macau.The office is located at Taipei 101 in Xinyi District Taipei.
 Sahlabad (Persian: سهل اباد‎ also Romanized as Sahlābād; also known as Sālehābād) is a village in Khir Rural District Runiz District Estahban County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1908 in 444 families.
 Rasbora tobana is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora from Sumatra Indonesia. It is restricted to Lake Toba and some of the rivers than run into the lake.
 Springtime in the Rockies is a Technicolor musical comedy film released by Twentieth Century Fox in 1942. A Betty Grable vehicle with support from John Payne Carmen Miranda Cesar Romero Charlotte Greenwood and Edward Everett Horton. Also in the cast was Grable's future husband Harry James and his band. The director was Irving Cummings.
 Redshirt Blues is a 2001 fan film that was made by fans of original Star Trek. It was written directed and produced by David O. Rogers. It satirizes the use of redshirts on the television series as well as the show itself Trekkies and popular culture.
 Live in Manchester is a double live album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Slash featuring Alter Bridge frontman Myles Kennedy. The album was recorded by Abbey Road Live during Slash's solo show at the Manchester Academy on July 3 2010. Copies of the album were limited to 1200 with 350 being sold at the show itself.
 Strings is a 2012 British drama film directed and written by Rob Savage. After a successful run in a number of film festivals it went on to win the Raindance Award at the British Independent Film Awards. Applauded for its success despite its low budget the total cost of production was just £3000. Director Writer Cinematographer and Editor Savage took strong commitments to get the film produced including lack of sleep to the point of hallucinating.
 A Sorcery Written in Blood was the first demo released by Norwegian black metal band Gorgoroth. The title of the demo was taken from the lyrics of the song The Return of Darkness and Evil by the band Bathory. The demo was released in 1993 as a limited edition hand-numbered cassette. A 7 vinyl bootleg also exists; however there are no official re-issues.
 Nisista serrata is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia including Tasmania Victoria and South Australia.The wingspan is about 50 mm. Adults are brown with dark zigzag lines across the wings.The larvae are initially black with white spots.
 Büyük Aga Medrese is a historical 15th century Madrasa in Amasya Turkey. The Madrasa was built in 1488 by order of the chief white eunuch Hüseyin Ağa of the Ottoman sultan Bayezid II.
 The Inner Cinema is the second album by Soma released in 1996 through Extreme Records.
 Elkanah Watson House is a National Historic Landmark located in Port Kent New York. It is a formal home overlooking Lake Champlain that was designed by Sheldon & Merritt and constructed under the supervision of Charles Watson to be the home of his father Elkanah Watson Revolutionary-era diplomat founder of the county fair and early promoter of canals who occupied it in May 1828. It was later the home of another of Elkanah's sons Winslow C.
 Norman Jamison is a politician in Ontario Canada. He served as a New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 1995.
 Stolen Childhood: Slave Youth in Nineteenth-Century America is a 1995 history book about nineteenth century slave children in America by Wilma King. As the first full-length book on the subject it began the scholarship of slave childhood. The book uses historical documents to argue that enslaved children were deprived of experiences now understood to constitute childhood due to early work responsibilities frequent bodily and emotional trauma and separations from family.
 She's Not on the Menu is an EP by Edmonton Alberta-based punk rock band SNFU. It was self-released by the band in 1987. The A side was recorded this year while tracks 2 and 3 date to 1982.
 Wandering Souls (German:Irrende Seelen) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Carl Froelich and starring Asta Nielsen Alfred Abel and Walter Janssen. It was based on the 1869 novel The Idiot by Fyodor Dostoyevsky. The film was the first of three to be made by Russo Film a small production company set up by Decla-Bioscop to make literary adaptations. It premiered on 3 March 1921 at the Marmorhaus in Berlin.
 Christina McKelvie (born on 4 March 1968 in Glasgow Scotland) is a Member of the Scottish Parliament for Central Scotland. She was elected as a Scottish National Party (SNP) party list candidate in the 2007 election and has been elected as MSP for Hamilton Larkhall and Stonehouse in the 2011 election.
 Touch of Death was a black and white British crime genre film released in 1961 starring William Lucas and directed by Lance Comfort.
 Eurycantha calcarata (common names thorny devil stick insect and giant spiny stick insect ) is a species of stick insect endemic to Australasia.
 Reza Sheykholeslam (Persian: رضا شیخ‌الاسلام born 1 January 1967) is an Iranian politician who is the former Minister of Cooperatives Labour and Social Welfare. Before that he was the Minister of Labour and Social Affairs in the second cabinet of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad from 2009 to 2011. He was dismissed from office on 3 February 2013 being the ninth minister to be fired during the second term of president Mahmoud Ahmedinejad since 2009.
 Kulak (Persian: كولق‎ also Romanized as Kūlak; also known as Kūlag Kūleq and Kūnag) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Pârâul Morii is a tributary of the Racovița River in Romania.
 Lena Cymbrowitz (January 1 1957–August 21 2000) was a Democratic member of the New York State Assembly representing Assembly District 45 which included the Brooklyn communities of Flatbush Midwood Sheepshead Bay Manhattan Beach Gerritsen Beach and a portion of Brighton BeachCymbrowitz (née Azizo) was born in Egypt and came to the United States with her parents. She had a Bachelor's degree in English Literature.
 Asuravithu (English: The Demon Seed) is a Malayalam novel written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair. Set in Kizhakkemuri a fictional picturesque village in Kerala the novel describes the plight of the protagonist Govindankutty the youngest son of a proud Nair tharavadu as he is trapped between the social scenario social injustice and his own inner consciousness. As in many other M. T. novels Asuravithu also has as its theme the conflicts and problems of a Nair Family.
 B is for Beer is a novel by Tom Robbins published in 2009 by Harper Collins. It is presented as a children's book about Gracie Perke a young girl exploring the world of beer. She learns why every adult enjoys it and why she's not allowed to drink it.
 Catullus 64 is an epyllion or little epic poem written by Catullus. Catullus' longest poem it retains his famed linguistic witticisms while expressing an appropriately epic tone.Though ostensibly concerning itself with the marriage of Peleus and the sea-nymph Thetis (parents of the famed Greek hero Achilles) a sizeable portion of the poem's lines are devoted to the desertion of Ariadne by the legendary Theseus.
 Deh Now-e Allah Morad (Persian: دهنواله مراد‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Allāh Morād; also known as Allāh Morād) is a village in Rig Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 50 families.
 Všeradice is a village and municipality in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 William Henry Branson (1887 – 1961) was a Seventh-day Adventist minister and administrator.He began denominational service as a colporteur in 1906 and as an evangelist in 1908. In 1911 he was conference president in South Carolina and then in Tennessee. By 1915 he was president of the former Southeastern Union Conference. In 1920 Branson was called as a missionary to Africa where he organized the division and administered it from 1920 to 1930.
 Redemption is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel. Tagline: History can repeat itself.
 Dark Tide is a 2012 American action thriller film directed by John Stockwell produced by Jeanette Buerling and Matthew E. Chausse and written by Ronnie Christensen and Amy Sorlie. The film is based on a story by Amy Sorlie and stars Halle Berry Olivier Martinez and Ralph Brown.
 Greg Reed (born 5 June 1965) is a Republican member of the Alabama Senate representing the 5th District since 2010. He defeated Democrat Brett Wadsworth in the 2010 Midterm Elections to replace Charles Bishop in the 5th District.
 Crisis on Centaurus is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Brad Ferguson.
 Barry Dee Ivey (born November 1979) is a businessman from Baton Rouge Louisiana who is a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 65 the victor in a special election held on March 2 2013.On the same day that Ivey was elected another Republican Julie Stokes won the special election in District 79 in Jefferson Parish to choose a successor to Republican Tony Ligi who resigned to take another position.
 Carry On Cabby is the seventh in the series of Carry On films to be made. Released in 1963 it was the first one to be written by Talbot Rothwell (although the first screenplay Tolly submitted to Peter Rogers was developed as Carry On Jack) from a story by Dick Hills and Sid Green (script writers for Morecambe and Wise). Regulars Sid James Hattie Jacques Kenneth Connor and Charles Hawtrey are all present.
 Kitsap Mall in Silverdale Washington is an indoor shopping mall with 110 retail stores. Anchor tenants include JCPenney Macy's Sears and Kohl's. The mall is managed and owned by Starwood Capital Group.
 Hypsibarbus annamensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hypsibarbus.
 Emamabad-e Sistaniha (Persian: امام ابادسيستانيها‎ also Romanized as Emāmābād-e Sīstānīhā; also known as Emāmābād and Āvānsīyeh) is a village in Katul Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 64 families.
 The Louville Niles House is a historic house at 45 Walnut Street in Somerville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1890 and is one of the city's finest Queen Anne Victorian houses. The house was designed by Edwin K. Blankie an MIT graduate and local builder. The building has irregular massing with numerous gable and roof lines.
 Barveh (Persian: بروه‎) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 4 families.
 Tut Tut Now Shake Ya Butt is a studio album by American experimental punk band Japanther. The song Radical Businessman was used in Grand Theft Auto: The Lost and Damned the add-on to the video game Grand Theft Auto IV. The album includes spoken word contributions from former Crass drummer Penny Rimbaud.
 Now That's What I Call Music! 66 or Now 66 was released on 2 April 2007 on Compact Disc and in digital download format. The album is the 66th edition of the original (UK) Now! series.Now 66 features seven songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: Grace Kelly Ruby Walk This Way Patience Smack That A Moment Like This and I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles).The Proclaimers song I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles) previously appeared on Now 13 in its original form.
 The Târșoasa River is a tributary of the Pintic River in Romania.
 Iso-Vietonen is a medium-sized lake in the Tornionjoki main catchment area. It is located in Ylitornio municipality in the Lapland region in Finland.
 Trechosia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Trechosia aberdarensis Jeannel 1935 Trechosia ambigua (Peringuey 1896) Trechosia aterrima (Peringuey 1896) Trechosia dollmani Jeannel 1960 Trechosia intermedia Geginat 2007 Trechosia kogelbergensis Geginat 2007 Trechosia leleupi Jeannel 1964 Trechosia monticola (Peringuey 1926) Trechosia montistabulae Jeannel 1964 Trechosia natalensis Jeannel 1960 Trechosia solutilis (Peringuey 1908)↑
 Panpulmonata is a taxonomic clade of snails and slugs in the clade Heterobranchia within the clade Euthyneura.Panpulmonata was established as a new taxon by Jörger et al.
 Tommy Boy is a 1995 American road comedy film directed by Peter Segal written by Bonnie and Terry Turner produced by Lorne Michaels and starring former Saturday Night Live castmates and close friends Chris Farley and David Spade. The working title for the film was originally Rocky Road. The film tells the story of a socially and emotionally immature man (Farley) who learns lessons about friendship and self-worth following the sudden death of his industrialist father.
 All Woman is the first and only studio album by Hurricane G released on September 16 1997 through Jellybean Benitez's H.O.L.A. Recordings.The album was poorly promoted and failed to reach the Billboard album charts however the album's lead single Somebody Else (which used a sampled of The Jones Girls 1979 hit You Gonna Make Me Love Somebody Else) became a top 10 hit on the Hot Rap Singles chart.
 K.Junipeth is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 The Izvorul Arinișului River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 The Third Option is Vince Flynn's third novel and the second to feature Mitch Rapp an American agent that works for the CIA as an operative for a covert counterterrorism unit called the Orion Team.
 Khuyeh (Persian: خويه‎ also Romanized as Khūyeh and Khooyeh; also known as Khūyeh Pā’īn and Khūyeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 855 in 142 families.
 Trichromia eximius is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Peru.
 The William H. and Sarah D. Meneray House at 190 S 200 W in Springville Utah United States is a Late Victorian house built in c.1885. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Dr. William McNeill Whistler (July 22 1836 - February 27 1900) was a Confederate soldier and surgeon from Lowell Massachusetts. His parents are George Washington Whistler and Anna McNeill Whistler. His brother is famed artist James McNeill Whistler who painted Whistler's Mother. Whistler studied medicine and graduated from The University of Pennsylvania in 1860 and married Flora King of Virginia that same year.
 Sazeman-e Enqelab (Persian: سازمان انقلاب‎ also Romanized as Sāzemān-e Enqelāb and Sāzmān-e Enqelāb; also known as Ja‘farbāy) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District Voshmgir District Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1306 in 238 families.
 Lifea Blinec is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams which was released on the Arista Novus label in 1978 and features performances by Abrams Joseph Jarman Douglas Ewart Amina Claudine Myers and Thurman Barker.
 Dos Arroyos is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 The Argentine bolo mouse (Necromys benefactus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is endemic to central Argentina where it is found in the pampas and the drier espinal (lowland thorn brush).
 Buszkowo-Parcele [buʂˈkɔvɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skulsk within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Bob Herron is a Democratic member of the Alaska House of Representatives representing the 38th District since 2008. Before the beginning of the 26th Legislature in January 2008 Representative Herron along with Democrats Rep. Reggie Joule and Rep. Bryce Edgmon began caucusing with the Republicans in the House Majority Caucus.
 You Come and Go Like a Pop Song is an album by The Bicycle Thief released in 1999 and again with a different tracklisting in 2001.The Bicycle Thief's main song writing is done by frontman Bob Forrest singer for LA band Thelonious Monster and occasional collaborator of former Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist John Frusciante. Forrest is mentioned in Anthony Kiedis's Scar Tissue but briefly.
 Clarence M. Kelley (October 24 1911 – August 5 1997) was an American public servant who served as the second Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
 Never So Bold (26 April 1980 – 8 February 2000) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He was a specialist sprinter who recorded all his important wins at distances between five and six and a half furlongs. After finishing unplaced in his only start as a two-year-old he showed good but unexceptional form in handicaps the following season.
 Sanne is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3688 people living in 657 individual households.
 Fools Rush In is a 1997 romantic comedy film directed by Andy Tennant. Matthew Perry and Salma Hayek star.
 McAllister-Beaver House is a historic home located at Bellefonte Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1850 and is a massive two-story five bay rectangular limestone building. It measures 42 feet 4 inches across and 34 feet 2 inches deep in the Georgian style architecture. It has a low pitch gable roof and a center hall plan interior. A rear kitchen ell was added in 1913. It was home to two prominent residents: Hugh N.
 Mehmet Tillem (born 10 September 1974) is an Australian politician a Labor Party member of the Senate since August 2013.On 21 August Tillem was appointed to David Feeney's former Senate seat by a joint sitting of the Parliament of Victoria. Tillem was an unnsuccessful Senate candidate in the 2013 federal election and his term will expire on 30 June 2014. He is the first Turkish-born member of the Australian parliament.
 Pierre De Bané PC QC LL.L BA DOC.SC.ADM. (Hon) (born August 2 1938) is a retired Canadian senator. He was the first person of Arab descent to be elected to the Canadian House of Commons in Matane and next Matapédia—Matane and is a former member of the Canadian Cabinet.De Bané was born in Haifa Palestine to Lebanese parents. The family immigrated to Canada in 1947 to escape the looming war with his family to settle in Quebec.
 Digiryzm Mutation is the second album released by the Japanese pop rock trio Iceman on May 21 1998.
 El Rosario (Catamarca) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Linden Park is a historic park at Linden Place and Linden Street in Brookline Massachusetts USA.It was built in 1843 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Teresa Fedor is a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives who has represented the 45th District since 2013. She had previously represented the 47th district from 2011 until redistricting in the 2012 election. She had also represented the 52nd district from 2001 to 2002 and was a member of the Ohio Senate from 2003 to 2010.
 La Biblia En Vivo is the second live album by Argentina rock band Vox Dei. Released in 1987 by B.B. Records this was the group's first album in nine years.
 Wrong Turn 4: Bloody Beginnings is a 2011 American horror film and the fourth installment in the Wrong Turn film series. The film serves as a prequel to the previous films. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on October 25 2011.
 Yurumates (ゆるめいつ Yurumeitsu) is a Japanese yonkoma manga series written and illustrated by saxyun. The series revolve around four university students living together in a cheap apartment building. It has been adapted into two OVAs and an anime series that premiered April 2012 under the name Yurumates 3D.
 Cinderella or the Little Glass Slipper is a book illustrated by Marcia Brown. Released by Scribner Press the book is a retelling of the story of Cinderella as written by Charles Perrault and was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1955.The book takes place in France in a palace similar to other Cinderella stories.
 PATH is a 29-kilometre (18 mi) network of pedestrian tunnels beneath the office towers of Downtown Toronto Ontario Canada. According to Guinness World Records PATH is the largest underground shopping complex in the world with 371600 m² (4 million sq. ft.) of retail space.The PATH network's northerly point is the Toronto Coach Terminal at Dundas Street and Bay Street while its southerly point will soon be Waterpark Place on Queen's Quay.
 The Jim Thorpe House is in Yale Oklahoma located off State Highway 51 at 706 East Boston Street. In 1917 Jim Thorpe bought a small home in Yale Oklahoma and lived there until 1923 with his wife. The house was bought by the Oklahoma Historical Society in 1968 and is now listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The house is maintained as a small museum to Thorpe and contains related memorabilia.
 Mixed is a compilation album of two avant-garde jazz sessions featuring performances by the Cecil Taylor Unit and the Roswell Rudd Sextet. The album was released on the Impulse! label in 1998 and collects three performances by Taylor with Archie Shepp Jimmy Lyons Henry Grimes and Sunny Murray with Ted Curson and Roswell Rudd added on one track which were originally released under Gil Evans' name on Into the Hot (1961).
 Last Foxtrot in Burbank is a 1973 film directed by Charles Band. It is a spoof of Last Tango in Paris.
 Vaila is a village in Harku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 79 (as of 1 June 2010).
 Erika Mária Szűcs (born April 2 1951) is a Hungarian politician and economist who served as Minister of Social Affairs and Labour from May 5 2008 to April 14 2009 in the second cabinet of Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsány. She is a member of the National Assembly of Hungary since August 27 2004.At the end of 2010 she joined Democratic Coalition Platform founded by Gyurcsány and became a member of its leadership.
 For the Love of Ada is a 1972 British comedy film directed by Ronnie Baxter and starring Irene Handl Wilfred Pickles Barbara Mitchell and Jack Smethurst. It is a spin-off from the television series For the Love of Ada.
 Phassus basirei is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from Mexico.
 Henry Hugh Arthur FitzRoy Somerset 10th Duke of Beaufort KG GCVO KStJ PC (4 April 1900 – 5 February 1984) styled Marquess of Worcester until 1924 was an English peer and Gloucestershire landowner.
 Robert Darcy 4th Earl of Holderness PC (17 May 1718 – 16 May 1778) known before 1721 as Lord Darcy and Conyers was a British diplomat and politician. From 1744 to 1746 he was ambassador at Venice and from 1749 to 1751 he represented his country at The Hague.
 Proteuxoa adelphodes is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New South Wales and South Australia.
 Caramoor Center for Music and the Arts is a former estate near Katonah New York United States which is about 50 miles (80 km) north of New York City. Presently it is a venue for classical music performances and an art museum. Both are legacies of the house's original owners Walter and Lucie Rosen. The Caramoor International Music Festival is held there every summer.
 The William Henry Harrison Tomb State Memorial is the final resting place of William Henry Harrison the ninth President of the United States his wife Anna Harrison and his son John Scott Harrison the father of the twenty-third President Benjamin Harrison.
 Cosmic Voyage is a 1996 short documentary film produced in the IMAX format directed by Bayley Silleck produced by Jeffrey Marvin and narrated by Morgan Freeman. The film was presented by the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museumand played in IMAX theaters worldwide. The film is available in the DVD format.
 The Henry B. Plant Museum is located in the south wing of Plant Hall on the University of Tampa’s campus at 401 West Kennedy Boulevard. Plant Hall was formerly known as the Tampa Bay Hotel which was a 500+ room resort hotel opened in 1891 by Henry B. Plant near the terminus of his rail line. The museum's exhibits focus on Gilded Age tourism the elite lifestyle of the hotel's guestsand the building's use during the Spanish-American War. It was designed by architect J.A.
 Cämmerer See is a lake in Usedom Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 0.3 m its surface area is 0.18 km².
 Jean-Marie Louvel (1 July 1900 – 13 June 1970) was a French engineer and politician.
 The Sea Wolf is a 1941 American black-and-white film adaptation of Jack London's novel The Sea Wolf with Edward G. Robinson Ida Lupino and John Garfield. The film was written by Robert Rossen and directed by Michael Curtiz.The Sea Wolf has several connections to the city of London Ontario aside from the source author's surname. Producer Jack Warner and cast member Gene Lockhart were both born in the city and cast member Alexander Knox attended university there.
 Phyllonorycter populicola is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Tajikistan.The larvae feed on Populus species including Populus afghanica and Populus tadshikistanica. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Dehliz-e Yek (Persian: دهليزيك‎ also Romanized as Dehlīz-e Yek) is a village in Jahad Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 23 families.
 Darth Bane: Rule of Two the sequel to the novel Darth Bane: Path of Destruction is part of the Star Wars Expanded Universe. It was written by Drew Karpyshyn and was released on December 26 2007. The novel centers around the young Sith apprentice Darth Zannah recently taken under the wing of the Sith Lord Darth Bane. The Rule of Two of the title requires that there be only two Sith in existence at one time: a Master and an Apprentice.
 Zwola [ˈzvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastków Kościelny within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Miastków Kościelny 18 km (11 mi) east of Garwolin and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 The Adonis Blue (Polyommatus bellargus) is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.It is found in the Palearctic ecozone Western Europe Central Europe South Europe South Russia Iraq Iran Caucasus Transcaucasus Turkey). Note that information on this species applies to Great Britain and some details may not be consistent with the species in other parts of its range.
 Nimnim Lake is a lake located south of south end Comox Lake.
 The Elvira Drew Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 42 Abbott Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built c. 1904 it represents part of a trend of building the form traditionally associated with working-class housing into the fashionable west side of the city. When the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 exterior Colonial Revival details were highlighted including brackets in the eaves and porch columns that were Tuscan columns.
 Experimental Brain Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in neuroscience. The journal was established in 1966 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is John C. Rothwell (University College London. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 2.395.
 Fall Into Spring is a 1974 album by Rita Coolidge and was released on the A&M Records label.
 I'm in Love is the fourth album released by R&B singer Evelyn King on the RCA label in 1981. It was produced by Morrie Brown Willie Lester Rodney Brown Kashif and Lawrence Jones.
 Kostonjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Iijoki main catchment area. It is located in Taivalkoski municipality in the Northern Ostrobothnia region in Finland. The surface elevation on the lake varies almost 5 meter due to the power production.
 I Live in Grosvenor Square is a British war film directed and produced by Herbert Wilcox—a forerunner of his London films collaboration with his wife actress Anna Neagle. The film deploys a tragi-comic plot in a context of US-British wartime co-operation and displays icons of popular music with the purpose of harmonising relationships on both sides of the Atlantic.
 Žeželovo is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Vinaq (Persian: وينق‎ also Romanized as Vīnaq; also known as Vinek) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 32 families.
 The Minneapolis Public Library North Branch building is a former library in Minneapolis Minnesota United States. It was designed in 1893 by architect Frederick Corser. When it was opened it was claimed to be the nation's first branch library to have open shelves so patrons could browse for books on their own without asking librarians to retrieve them.
 Future 2 Future is the forty-third album by Herbie Hancock.
 The Lincoln Branch Library is a former Carnegie library in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Duluth Minnesota that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The branch began operation in 1892 opening in the historic building in 1917. The building served as a library until 1990 and has been owned by the Duluth Art Institute since 1992. The structure was built of brick and limestone in the Late Gothic Revival style.
 To Die For is a 1995 American crime comedy-drama film made in a mockumentary format directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Buck Henry based on the novel of the same name by Joyce Maynard which in turn was based on the factual story of Pamela Smart. It stars Nicole Kidman Matt Dillon and Joaquin Phoenix. Major supporting roles feature Illeana Douglas Wayne Knight Casey Affleck Kurtwood Smith Dan Hedaya and Alison Folland.
 Eccsame the Photon Band is a 1994 album by the American indie rock band Lilys released on the spinART label. The album saw the band move towards dream pop. The album was recorded at Mike Deming's Studio 45 in Hartford Connecticut largely as duo of Kurt Heasley and Harold Evans (of Poole).
 Über Alles is Industrial metal duo Hanzel und Gretyl's third studio album and was released on May 20 2003 on Metropolis Records. The album was critically well received and is generally regarded as the group's most prominent and identifiable work to date.
 Mount Blanchard is a village in Hancock County Ohio United States. The population was 492 at the 2010 census.
 State Songs is a concept album released by John Linnell of They Might Be Giants in 1999. It was Linnell's third solo project and first full solo album. It consists of tracks that are named after and are at least partially inspired by 15 of the 50 U.S. states.
 The White-bellied Wren (Uropsila leucogastra) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Uropsila. It is found in Belize Guatemala Honduras and Mexicowhere its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 St. Matthew's Episcopal Church is located in Kenosha Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural and religious significance in 1979. The church is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Milwaukee.
 Nipponaphaenops erraticus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Nipponaphaenops.
 Markham Cobblestone Farmhouse and Barn Complex is a historic home and barn complex located at Lima in Livingston County New York. The home was constructed about 1832 and is a 2-story three-bay cobblestone main block with a 1 1⁄2-story rear wing. It was built in the late Federal / early Greek Revival style.
 Kikkajärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Rishi is a 2001 Indian Tamil film written and directed by Sundar C.. The film stars Sarath Kumar Meena Prakash Raj and Sanghavi in lead roles has music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja and was released on 16 February 2001. This movie did well and was a surprise hit.
 Amblops piceus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Amblops.
 Shake Me Up is the tenth studio album by the American rock band Little Feat released in 1991. (see 1991 in music). It was the last that they recorded with frontman Craig Fuller.
 A Woman in Amber: Healing the Trauma of War and Exile is a part autobiographical part fictional novel written by Agate Nesaule. The first half of the novel describes Nesaule’s experiences of exile from Latvia imposed by the invading Soviet army and her family’s emigration to the United States in 1950.The second half of the novel describes Nesaule’s experiences in the United States.
 Hoodlum & Son is a 2003 comedy-crime film.
 Lady and Gent is a 1932 American drama film directed by Stephen Roberts and starring John Wayne.
 The Nireș River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 The Journey is the second studio album produced by Ky-Mani Marley Bob Marley's son released on August 22 2000. The album received good reviews and is Ky-Mani's first album featuring his own songs. The most notable song from this album eventually became Dear Dad with lyrics taken from a letter Ky-Mani wrote as a child to his father after he died.
 Farmer In The Sky is a 1950 science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein about a teenaged boy who emigrates with his family to Jupiter's moon Ganymede which is in the process of being terraformed. A condensed version of the novel was published in serial form in Boys' Life magazine (August September October November 1950) under the title Satellite Scout.
 In the Loop is a 2009 British satirical black comedy directed by Armando Iannucci as a spin-off from the highly successful award-winning BBC Television series The Thick of It. The film satirizes Anglo-American politics in the 21st century and the Invasion of Iraq. It was nominated for the 2010 Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. In the film the UK and the U.S. are both on the verge of possibly launching a war in the Middle East.
 Van Houten-Ackerman House is located in Franklin Lakes Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1768 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 9 1983.
 Not to be confused with the Rangitikei River in the southwestern North Island.The Rangitaiki River is the longest river in the Bay of Plenty region in New Zealand's North Island.
 Our Lady of Perpetual Help Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Quaker Hill Connecticut United States. Founded in 1904. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Norwich.
 The Lotte World II Hotel was a proposed supertall skyscraper to be constructed next to the Lotte World amusement park shopping and hotel complex in Seoul South Korea that would have risen to 555 m (1821 ft) with 123 floors if completed.
 Beelzebub (べるぜバブ Beruzebabu) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Ryūhei Tamura that appears in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine. Beelzebub was first published in 2008 as a one-shot by Tamura in Weekly Shōnen Jump' volume 37-38 subsequently winning the fourth Gold Future Cup.
 Waiting for Daylight is the fourth studio album to be released by British–Norwegian boy band A1. The album was released on 11 October 2010 and was the band's first release of new material for more than eight years. It is also the first album to be released since the departure of Paul Marazzi from the band. It is released in Norway only. The album peaked at number five on the Norwegian Albums Chart.
 Henderson's Boys: One Shot Kill is the sixth book in the Henderson's Boys book series by English author Robert Muchamore. It's set in mid 1943 when the war is starting to turn against the Axis powers. Hitler is developing a radical new weapon which he claims could turn the war back in his favour. Henderson's Boys have to find the weapon and sabotage all efforts to produce it.
 Complaints and Grievances is the 17th album and twelfth HBO stand-up special by comedian George Carlin. Its working title was I Kinda Like It When a Lot of People Die but it was renamed following the September 11 2001 attacks. Another possible title was The Great American Cattle Drive according to Carlin during an interview with Coast to Coast AM in the 1999.[citation needed]Complaints and Grievances was nominated for the 2003 Grammy Award for Best Spoken Comedy Album.
 Philip Dorsheimer (April 15 1797 Wöllstein then in the Mont-Tonnerre Department now in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany - April 11 1868)
 Czechówka [t͡ʂɛˈxufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowiec within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) south-east of Zamość and 104 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 116.
 The Henry Swan House is a historic house at 418 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1888 by Henry Swan a Boston poultry dealer who was also active in local politics.
 The Storm (Russian: Гроза sometimes translated as The Thunderstorm) is a drama in five acts by the 19th-century Russian playwright Aleksandr Ostrovsky. As with Ostrovsky's other plays The Storm is a work of social criticism which is directed particularly towards the Russian merchant class.
 Walk with Me in Hell is a 2008 live DVD by American metal band Lamb of God. On May 1st 2008 Lamb of God stated via Myspace that their new live DVD Walk with Me in Hell would be released on July 1 2008. The DVD is two discs long and has nearly five hours of footage.
 State Theatre originally known as Neumeyers Vaudeville House and now the State Theatre Center for the Arts is an historic theater located in the City of Easton Northampton County Pennsylvania. The building began to take its present form in 1910 when modified from a bank building to a vaudeville house. The building was extensively modified in 1926 to include a larger auditorium balcony and lush decorations.
 Columbarium spiralis is a species of very rare deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turbinellidae the pagoda shells.
 Mouse Soup is a 1977 picture book by noted illustrator Arnold Lobel. Beginning with the simple sentence A mouse sat under a tree the book goes on to tell the story of a mouse who has to trick Weasel from turning Mouse into Mouse Soup. He does that by telling stories about Bees and the Mud Two Large Stones The Crickets and The Thorn Bush and tells Weasel to put them into his soup. It is then assumed that Mouse got away and Weasel got stung by bees.
 Mount Troy is a mountain in the City and Borough of Juneau Alaska United States. It is a peak of the Boundary Ranges located on Douglas Island west of the head of Kowee Creek and 3 miles (4.8 km) southwest of the city of Juneau.In 1950 the United States Forest Service named the mountain after John Weir Troy the territorial governor of Alaska from 1933 to 1939.
 CentralPlaza Ladprao (Thai: เซ็นทรัลพลาซา ลาดพร้าว or เซ็นทรัลลาดพร้าว) is a shopping complex owned Central Pattana. The complex opened in 25 December 1982 and was the first inegrated shopping complex of Central Pattana. It is located on Phahonyothin Road at the end of Lat Phrao Road in Chatuchak District Bangkok.
 Reserved for the Cat (2007) is a novel by Mercedes Lackey part of her Elemental Masters series. It is set in England and is based on the fairy tale Puss In Boots.
 Parig-e Tariqi (Persian: پاريگ طريقي‎ also Romanized as Pārīg-e Ţarīqī) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 39 families.
 Jaspidella jaspidea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Foundation is a box set by the British Melodic Rock band Magnum. It was released in 1990 by FM Records.
 Parris Island Drydock and Commanding Generals House is a historic home and drydock and national historic district located at Parris Island Beaufort County South Carolina. The district encompasses one contributing building and two contributing structures at the Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island.
 Call Us What You Want But Don't Call Us in the Morning is a DVD released by Welsh rock trio Stereophonics. The DVD features all music videos from the band's first and second albums. It was released in 2000.
 An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations generally referred to by its shortened title The Wealth of Nations is the magnum opus of the Scottish economist and moral philosopher Adam Smith. First published in 1776 the book offers one of the world's first collected descriptions of what builds nations' wealth and is today a fundamental work in classical economics.
 Three for Love is the fourth album by American R&B group Shalamar released in 1980 on the SOLAR label. It was produced by Leon Sylvers III and features the 'classic' Shalamar line-up (Jeffrey Daniel Howard Hewett and Jody Watley).Three for Love has been certified Gold in the United States for sales of over 500000.
 The Râul Poștei is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Legend of Nigger Charley is a 1972 blaxploitation western film directed by Martin Goldman. The story of a trio of escaped slaves it was released during the heyday of blaxploitation films.The film stars Fred Williamson as Nigger Charley. The film is rated PG in the United States. It was followed by two sequels The Soul of Nigger Charley and Boss Nigger.The film was renamed The Legend of Black Charley for broadcast television.
 Silas Deane House in Wethersfield Connecticut was the home of Silas Deane the first diplomat for the United States. Deane built the house in 1766. The two-story Georgian house is L-shaped with gable roof and two interior chimneys.In 1959 the house was donated to The National Society of the Colonial Dames of America in Connecticut and in 1963-1965 it was restored.
 The Sending is the sixth novel in the Obernewtyn Chronicles by Australian author Isobelle Carmody and is the penultimate book in the series. It was originally intended to be the final book but this was changed to allow Carmody to elaborate plot strands without it becoming too long. The book follows the journey of Elspeth as she is finally called to set out on her fated quest to destroy the computermachines before they unleash a second apocalypse.
 Lake Nepahwin is a lake in Sudbury Ontario located to the south of the city's downtown area.
 James Crawford Downs known as Jam Downs (born October 1940) is the retiring district attorney of the Louisiana 9th Judicial District Court based in Alexandria and Rapides Parish. He has held the position since 2000.
 Presser Home for Retired Music Teachers also known as Mt. Airy Commons is a historic retirement home located in the Mount Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The Presser Home was built in 1914 and expanded in 1931. It is a three-story H-shaped buff Roman brick building in the Italian Renaissance Revival-style. It features limestone and terra cotta decorative elements.
 Chakravarti Rajagopalachari (10 December 1878 – 25 December 1972) informally called Rajaji or C.R. was an Indian lawyer independence activist politician writer and statesman. Rajagopalachari was the last Governor-General of India. He also served as leader of the Indian National Congress Premier of the Madras Presidency Governor of West Bengal Minister for Home Affairs of the Indian Union and Chief Minister of Madras state.
 Nawal 1984 is a 1984 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.
 Campbells River a perennial stream that is part of the Upper Macquarie catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the central–western region of New South Wales Australia.The river rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range about 6.4 kilometres (4.0 mi) south of Black Springs.
 The Conclave is a 27-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates that has been approved to begin construction.
 Jezero is a crater on Mars. Once flooded with water the crater contains a fan-delta deposit rich in clays.In several Slavic languages including Bosnian Croatian Czech Serbian and Slovenian the word jezero means lake.
 Thirteenth Step is the second studio album by American rock band A Perfect Circle released on September 16 2003. The album sold well charting at the number 2 position on the Billboard 200 in its premiere week selling over 231000 copies and staying on the charts for 78 weeks. The album went on to be certified as gold on November 4 2003 and as platinum on March 24 2006 by the RIAA.
 Change We Must is the seventh solo album by Yes lead singer Jon Anderson released in 1994. The album contains new material and orchestral arrangements of songs from Anderson's past.
 Behdasht (Persian: بهدشت‎; also known as Behdast Karmo Karmu Kermū and Kirmu) is a village in Galehzan Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 53 families.
 Horomayr Monastery (Armenian: Հոռոմայրի վանք) is a monastic complex in the Lori Province of Armenia. The monastery is built on the cliffs 1 km south of the village of Odzun.It is easiest to get to Odzun from Alaverdi via the town's public transport.To get to the site the visitor may climb up from the highway along the Debed River or hike south across the cliffs from the last switchback to Odzun.
 Amorosa is a 2012 Filipino psychological horror drama film directed by Topel Lee starring Angel Aquino Enrique Gil and Martin del Rosario. This film was produced by Skylight Films and released last August 29 2012 by Star Cinema.
 Epischnia aspergella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epischnia. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from China.
 January Yusuf Makamba (born 28 January 1974) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Bumbuli constituency since 2010. He is the current Deputy Minister of Communication Science and Technology.
 Involver is a progressive house and breaks mix compilation by Sasha. Tracks which Sasha admired by other artists were chosen for this album and have each been remixed to give Sasha's own interpretation of them. It received generally favorable reviews for its track selection and creative mixing techniques. Charlie May and Simon Wright assisted as co-producers for the compilation.In 2005 the Grammy committee debated whether Involver was eligible for nomination as Best Electronic/Dance Album.
 Orphan Star (1977) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book is Foster's eighteenth published book his fifth original novel and is chronologically the third entry in the Pip and Flinx series. Bloodhype (1973) was the second novel to include Pip and Flinx but it is eleventh chronologically in the series and the two characters had a relatively small part in that novel's plot.
 La invención de Morel (American Spanish: [la imbenˈsjon de moˈɾel]; 1940) — translated as The Invention of Morel or Morel's Invention — is a science fiction novel by Adolfo Bioy Casares. It was Bioy Casares' breakthrough effort for which he won the 1941 First Municipal Prize for Literature of the City of Buenos Aires. He considered it the true beginning of his literary career despite being his seventh book.
 Roland Alfred Luedtke (January 4 1924 – July 22 2005) was an American politician who served as the 31st Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska from 1983 to 1987.Luedtke was born in Lincoln Nebraska on January 4 1924 to Alfred C. and Carolina (Senne) Luedtke. After graduating from Lincoln High School in 1942 he served in World War II in the U.S. Army.
 Jean Paul Pierre Casimir-Perier (French: [ʒɑ̃ kazimiʁ pɛʁje]; 8 November 1847 – 11 March 1907) was a French politician fifth President of the French Third Republic.
 Trzcianka [ˈtʂt͡ɕaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuchowo within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Tłuchowo 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Lipno and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Resnik is a village in Požega-Slavonia County Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Pleternica.According to national census of 2001 population of the village is 301. The village is connected by the D38 state road.
 Merchanter's Luck is a science fiction novel written by C. J. Cherryh. It is set in the author's Alliance-Union universe in which humanity has split into three major power blocs: Union the Merchanter's Alliance and Earth. In the context of the Alliance-Union universe the book is one of Cherryh's Merchanter novels.Merchanter's Luck was reprinted in 2008 along with Cherryh's novel Forty Thousand in Gehenna in an omnibus volume entitled Alliance Space.
 Warden Peak is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 31 km (19.3 mi) north of Gold River and 1 km (0.62 mi) north of Victoria Peak.Warden Peak is part of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Kujbiedy [kui̯ˈbjɛdɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Jasionówka 17 km (11 mi) east of Mońki and 31 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Charles Lupton Geren known as Charlie Geren (born October 22 1949) is a businessman from his native Fort Worth Texas who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives. He represented District 89 from 2001 to 2003 and since that time District 99. Both districts encompass a portion of Tarrant County.Geren is unopposed for his eighth consecutive term in the general election scheduled for November 4 2014.
 Agdenes Church (Norwegian: Agdenes kirke) is a church in the municipality of Agdenes in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located along the Trondheimsleia in the north part of Agdenes about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southwest of Vassbygda. The church is the main church for the municipality of Agdenes.The church was built in 1857 and designed by architect Christian Heinrich Grosch.
 Alasoo is a village in Alatskivi Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Anathem is a speculative fiction novel by Neal Stephenson published in 2008. Major themes include the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics and the philosophical debate between Platonic realism and formalism.
 Plešce is a village in Gorski kotar Croatia.
 Oliver Hollis is an actor and motion capture actor. Oliver has performed in a range of television film and theatre productions as well as a providing motion capture for a range of big name video games. Oliver's credited career began in 2004 with his performance as a motion capture actor in the popular video game Alias.
 Masum (Innocent) is the name of a Turkish album by Asya. It is her third studio album released in Turkey in 1999.
 The John Minor Wisdom U.S. Court of Appeals Building is a historic courthouse located at New Orleans in Orleans Parish Louisiana. It is a courthouse for the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
 The Creeper is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd featuring Byrd with Sonny Red Pepper Adams Chick Corea Miroslav Vitous and Mickey Roker recorded in October 1967 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1981.
 The Islamic Centre Hamburg (German: Islamisches Zentrum Hamburg) is one of the oldest Shia mosques in Germany and Europe.
 Ramazanoğlu Hall is the old government residence of the Ramadanids located in Adana. Currently used as a cultural center it is one of the oldest samples of a mansion in Turkey. Located southeast of the Ulu Camii it was the Harem of the Ramadanid family and besides being a fine expression of modesty of the emirate it is also an important work resembling the Mamluk mansions of Egypt.
 Sargul-e Namak (Persian: سرگول نمك‎ also Romanized as Sargūl-e Namaḵ) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 187 in 43 families.
 Krofička (2083 m) is a mountain in an eastern part of Kamnik Alps. Together with her pinacle Ute (2029 m) and neighbour Strelovec forms a barrier between Logarska dolina in Robanov kot. Southern part descends steeply on Škrbina with which it is connected with Ojstrica. Her eastern side is very steep grassy on upper part on western side it descends with gorge. There is nice panoramic view on top.
 António Luís dos Santos da Costa GCIH (born 17 July 1961 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese lawyer and politician former Minister and current Mayor of Lisbon.
 Nitish Kumar (born 1 March 1951) is an Indian politician who has been the Chief Minister of Bihar since 2005; previously he was a Union Minister of India. He belongs to the Janata Dal (United) party.
 Kallar-e Sofla (Persian: كلارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Kallār-e Soflá; also known as Kallār-e Bāz‘alī and Kallār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Rig Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 43 families.
 Stony Creek is a moderate sized river in north-central California in the United States and is a tributary of the Sacramento River. It is 65.6 miles (105.6 km) long and its watershed encompasses 773 square miles (2000 km2). The stream rises in the eastern foothills of the California Coast Ranges and flows generally northeast to where it drains into the Sacramento near Hamilton City in the middle of the Sacramento Valley.
 Carole Lavallée (born January 23 1954 in Montreal Quebec) is a Canadian politician. A businesswoman communication consultant communicator and a journalist Lavallée was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the Canadian federal election 2004. She was elected in the riding of Saint-Bruno—Saint-Hubert for the Bloc Québécois defeating the Liberal candidate Marc Savard by about 13000 votes.
 Sargezi (Persian: سرگزي‎ also Romanized as Sargezī) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 16 families.
 Savona is a village in Steuben County New York United States. The population was 822 at the 2000 census. The village is named after Savona in Italy.The Village of Savona is located in the eastern part of the Town of Bath. The village is located at the intersection of Routes 226 415 and Interstate 86.
 Nothing Worth Having Comes Easy is the second album by Sheffield band Little Man Tate released on 15 September 2008. It was released as a standard CD and a special enhanced version with exclusive video footage.
 Leszcz [lɛʂt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Toruń.The village has a population of 110.
 Untouched by Human Hands is a collection of science fiction short stories by Robert Sheckley. It was first published in 1954 by Ballantine Books (catalogue number 73).
 The Scent Of Crash And Burn is an EP by Centrozoon (Markus Reuter and Bernhard Wöstheinrich) featuring No-Man singer Tim Bowness as a guest vocalist; the first in a series of releases by this trio configuration which included both CD and vinyl albums digital-releases as well as a DVD.Selected tracks from The Scent Of Crash And Burn were reworked (either as remixes or edits) for subsequent releases.
 Edward Penniman House and Barn is a historic site in Eastham Massachusetts located on Fort Hill which is currently protected by the Cape Cod National Seashore and home to Indian Rock.The house was built in 1867 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Élcio Álvares (born 28 September 1932) is a Brazilian politician. He was a Federal Deputy for the Brazilian Chamber of Deputies for the State of Espírito Santo (1970–1975) governor of the State of Espírito Santo (1975–1979) Senator (1991–1994; 1995–1999) Minister of Commerce (1994) during the Franco administration and Minister of Defence (1999–2000) during the Cardoso government.
 Erik Helland (born May 16 1980) is a lawyer and a former Republican member of the Iowa House of Representatives. He represented the 69th district which includes Grimes Johnston Polk City Saylorville Alleman Elkhart and parts of Sheldahl from 2009 to 2013. He was the state director for Tim Pawlenty's 2012 presidential campaign in Iowa.
 Stopka [ˈstɔpka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Agneekaal is a 1990 Indian Bollywood film directed by Abbas-Mustan and produced by Ranjit Harma. The film stars Raj Babbar Jeetendra Madhavi and Sonu Walia.
 Cochranella punctulata is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Biameh-ye Sofla (Persian: بيامه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bīāmeh-ye Soflá; also known as Beyāmeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 403 in 87 families.
 Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a 1979 seven-part drama spy mini-series made by the BBC. Directed by John Irvin and produced by Jonathan Powell it is a television adaptation of the 1974 novel of the same name by John le Carré.
 The Tekkiye Mosque (Arabic: التكية السليمانية‎ Turkish: Tekkiye Camii) is a mosque complex in Damascus Syria located on the banks of the Barada River. The complex is composed of a large mosque on the southwest side of a courtyard flanked by a single line of arcaded cells and a soup kitchen across the courtyard to the northwest flanked by hospice buildings.
 Edmond Proulx (May 21 1875 – December 26 1956) was an Ontario lawyer and political figure. He represented Prescott in the Canadian House of Commons as a Liberal member from 1904 to 1921 and in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as an Independent Liberal from 1923 to 1929.He was born in Saint-Hermas Quebec in 1875 the son of Isidore Proulx and Philomène Lalande and grew up in Plantagenet Ontario. Proulx studied at the Collège Bourget in Rigaud Quebec the University of Ottawa St.
 Second Reformed Dutch Church of Kingston is a historic Dutch Reformed church located at Kingston Ulster County New York. It was built in 1850 and is a meeting house form church building constructed of native limestone blocks in the Gothic Revival style. It features a monumental buttressed central entry / bell tower rising several stories to a pyramidal roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Very Best of John Denver is a compilation album by American singer-songwriter John Denver released in 1994.
 A Very Special Love is a 2008 Filipino comedy romance film produced by Star Cinema and Viva Films starring John Lloyd Cruz and Sarah Geronimo. This movie was directed by Cathy Garcia Molina and had received an “A” rating from the Cinema Evaluation Board.The film was released on the 30th day of July 2008 and ran for eight weeks on cinemas in the Philippines.
 Sir Zelman Cowen AK GCMG GCVO QC PC (7 October 1919 – 8 December 2011) was the 19th Governor-General of Australia.
 Mont Puke is the highest point of the French Polynesian island territory of Wallis and Futuna at an altitude of 524 metres (1719 ft).
 Way Out Yonder is an album by Andy Irvine recorded between July and December 1999 and released in January 2000. It was co-produced by Irvine and Steve Cooney.
 The Secret Life of Bees is a 2002 novel by American author Sue Monk Kidd. Set in the American South in 1964 the year of the Civil Rights Act and intensifying racial unrest the coming-of-age story addresses the difficulty of loss and betrayal. It received critical acclaim and was a New York Times bestseller list. It won the 2004 Book Sense Book of the Year Awards (Paperback) and was nominated for the Orange Broadband Prize for Fiction.
 Rev.elation had an original release date of October 18 2005 on the Sharp Nine label. All tracks were recorded live at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club London in April 2005. Rev.elation hit the no. 1 spot of the JazzWeek Jazz Charts in mid November 2005.
 Eidsvik is a village in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located between the villages of Tennfjord and Vatne at the end of the Grytafjorden about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the village of Skodje. Since 2002 Eidsvik has been considered a part of the Vatne urban area so its population is no longer separately tracked.
 The Tsna (Russian: Цна) is a river in Kuvshinovsky Ostashkovsky Firovsky and Vyshnevolotsky Districts of Tver Oblast of Russia. It is a tributary of Lake Mstino (technically of Vyshny Volochyok Reservoir) and belongs to the drainage basin of the Neva and the Baltic Sea. It is 160 kilometres (99 mi) long and the area of its basin 4140 square kilometres (1600 sq mi).
 Cochylimorpha meridiolana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Central Asia (Transcaspia: Tura Kuldscha Osch Samarkand Mesopotamia Alai Turkestan).
 iTunes Session is a live extended play by American singer-songwriter Skylar Grey. It was released on October 15 2013 in the United States. Most of the album's tracks are from her second studio album Don't Look Down.
 Shalekeh (Persian: شالكه‎ also Romanized as Shālekeh) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 405 in 94 families.
 The Wooden Man's Bride (Chinese: 五魁; pinyin: Wǔ kuí) is a 1994 Chinese film directed by the fifth generation filmmaker Huang Jianxin. The film is Huang's fifth feature and the first of his films to be released in the United States. The film was also the first film shot in Mainland China to be entirely financed by Taiwanese producers.
 Equus is a 1977 British-American drama film directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Richard Burton. Peter Shaffer wrote the screenplay based on his play Equus. The film also featured Peter Firth Colin Blakely Joan Plowright Eileen Atkins and Jenny Agutter.
 William Dudley Ward PC (14 October 1877 – 11 November 1946) was an English sportsman and Liberal politician.
 Earthy is an album by the Prestige All Stars nominally led by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label.
 Taste My Beat Anna Tsuchiya's first solo release as a mini album was released after the disbanding of her former band Spin Aqua. Although there were no singles made from this mini-album Taste My Skin was used as a radio single for promotion included with a PV to air on television.
 Drawsko is a lake in Drawskie Lakeland West Pomeranian Voivodeship Poland. It is 1956 ha large 126 km long and 3.9 km wide. Maximum depth is 79.7 m making it the second deepest lake in Poland (after Hańcza Lake).
 The Last of the Immortals (Russian: Последний из бессмертных Posledniy iz bessmertnykh) is a military science fiction novel written by the Russian science fiction writer Andrey Livadny as part of his The History of the Galaxy series. The novel is also sometimes published under the name Retaliatory Strike (Russian: Ответный удар Otvetniy udar).
 The Omega Sessions is an EP recorded in the early days of hardcore punk and reggae pioneers Bad Brains in 1980. The tracks were recorded and mixed at the original Omega Recording Studios in Kensington Maryland. It contains five early versions of songs that eventually appeared on later releases including a reading of I Against I which would not be released in its official format for another six years.The demos were remastered in 1997 and released in November of that year by Victory Records.
 50th Birthday Celebration Volume 11 is a triple live album by the Bar Kokhba Sextet documenting their performance at Tonic in September 2003 as part of John Zorn's month-long 50th Birthday Celebration.
 Tottering-by-Gently is a cartoon strip that features weekly in Country Life magazine. It was first created by artist Annie Tempest in 1993. The story is set in Tottering-by-Gently a village in the fictional county of North Pimmshire in which ‘the big house’ Tottering Hall is inhabited by Lord and Lady Tottering affectionately known as Daffy and Dicky.
 „Združena Komuna“ (United Commune) was a movement created around the same name blog and later political zine in Sarajevo Bosnia and Herzegovina. Basic principles of movement are libertarianism democracy human rights freedom of speech struggle against ethno-nationalism and clericalism in Bosnia and Herzegovina.„Združena Komuna“ was established in January 2008.
 İmircik Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 Richard Rich Anderson (born 19 July 1956) is the Iowa State Representative from the 97th District. He has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2005.
 Sassoumbroum is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Walayar River is one of the tributaries of the river Kalpathipuzha. Kalpathipuzha is one of the main tributaries of the Bharathapuzha River the second-longest river in Kerala south India. Walayar Dam is constructed across this river. It was completed and opened in 1964.It has got a beautiful garden equipped with children play area but currently due to the lack of forest officers and some officials the condition of the park and dam is pathetic.
 The Green Fields of Foreverland is the first album released by Isobel Campbell's solo project The Gentle Waves. The album was released on 5 April 1999.
 Kartakeh (Persian: كرتكه‎; also known as Kondorak) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 13 families.
 Le Moniteur Universel was a French newspaper founded in Paris on November 24 1789 under the title Gazette Nationale ou Le Moniteur Universal by Charles-Joseph Panckoucke and which ceased publication on June 30 1901. It was the main French newspaper during the French Revolution and was for a long time the official journal of the French government and at times a propaganda publication especially under the Napoleonic regime.
 Echoes is a debut studio album by Maggie Reilly. It was released on 30 April 1992 by EMI. The album was produced by Armand Volker Harald Steinhauer Kristian Schultze and Stefan Zauner. The album includes her song Everytime We Touch which was a major hit in Europe in the 1990s reaching #1 chart positions in many countries. The album topped the Norwegian Albums Charts and was generally top 30 album.
 Beat Hotel is the eighth studio album by Swedish pop music artist Mauro Scocco. It was released in 2003 on the record label Diesel Music.Two singles were released from this album: Han Måste Undra (He's got to wonder) and Fortfarande Här (Still here).
 Bard Tork (Persian: بردترك‎) is a village in Khafri Rural District in the Central District of Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 35 families.
 Kuňovice is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 The Palace of Justice (Malay: Istana Kehakiman; Jawi: ايستان كهكيمن) houses the Malaysian Court of Appeal and Federal Court which moved to Putrajaya from the Sultan Abdul Samad Building in Kuala Lumpur in the early 2000s.
 Good Humor is the fourth studio album by English alternative dance band Saint Etienne released in 1998. The American spelling humor is used in the title as the band were according to Sarah Cracknell fed up with the 'quintessentially English' tag so there was a bit of a backlash against that.The album was a departure for the group who had been associated with the indie dance genre.
 Justice M. Fazlul Haque (Bengali: ম. ফজলুল হক Fojlul Hoq) (born 1938) is a former High Court judge of Bangladesh served as the advisor of the non-partisan caretaker government of Bangladesh in 2007
 This article refers to Beyond the Black Stump the novel. For Beyond the Black Stump the comic strip see Beyond the Black Stump (comic strip)Beyond the Black Stump is a novel by British author Nevil Shute. It was first published in the UK by William Heinemann Ltd in 1956.
 Blackfoot Glacier is the second largest of the remaining 25 glaciers in Glacier National Park Montana. Blackfoot Glacier is just to the north of Blackfoot Mountain and near Jackson Glacier. The glacier was most recently measured in 2005 at 441 acres (1.78 km2) yet when first documented in 1850 the glacier also included the now separate Jackson Glacier and together they covered 1875 acres (7.59 km2). In 1850 there were an estimated 150 glaciers in the park.
 The Other Woman (original title: Love and Other Impossible Pursuits) is a 2009 drama film written and directed by Don Roos. The film is based on the Ayelet Waldman novel Love and Other Impossible Pursuits and distributed by Incentive Film Distribution in the US. The film stars Natalie Portman Lisa Kudrow Scott Cohen and Charlie Tahan.
 Government House Regina Saskatchewan was constructed as a residence for the Lieutenant-Governor of the North-West Territories whose territorial headquarters were in Regina until the provinces of Saskatchewan and Alberta were created out of the Territories in 1905 and Regina became the capital of Saskatchewan.At that point Government House became the vice-regal residence of Saskatchewan which it remained until 1944 when it was vacated until it was returned to official ceremonial use in 1984.
 Pseudoscilla decorata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Stagecoach is a 1966 American film a remake of the 1939 John Ford western Stagecoach.
 Espirito Santo Plaza is an office skyscraper in Brickell in Downtown Miami Florida United States. It was designed by the architectural firm of Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates PC (KPF). The 505-foot (168 meter) 36-story building is located on the southern end of Brickell Avenue in the Financial District. On April 18 2012 the AIA's Florida Chapter placed the building on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years.
 Auguri e figli maschi! is a 1951 Italian film directed by Giorgio Simonelli.
 The Journal of Pain & Palliative Care Pharmacotherapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering advances in acute chronic and end-of-life symptom management. It is published both in print and electronically (online). The journal is abstracted and indexed in Medline/PubMed and EMBASE among others.
 The A. Armstrong Farm is a historic farm located at Hockessin New Castle County Delaware. The property includes two contributing buildings. They are a log house with a stone addition added in the 1830s and a frame tri-level stone and frame barn (c. 1830s). The stuccoed log section is three bays wide and it has a two story two bay stone wing. The farm house and barn were demolished before 2002.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Genanlu-ye Hasan Soltanlu (Persian: گنانلوحسن سلطان لو‎ also Romanized as Genānlū Ḩasan Solṭānlū; also known as Genānlū Ghenānlū and Gonānlū) is a village in Keyvan Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Coleophora afrotropicalis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that can be found in Namibia and South Africa.
 Taciewo [taˈt͡ɕevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Suwałki and 119 km (74 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Wandflue (also spelled Wandfluh) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Fribourg and Bern. It lies south of Jaun in the Gastlosen chain.
 Brothel Ballet is an EP album by British rock band Exile Parade released in April 2010. The EP was produced by Owen Morris Rob Ferrier and Exile Parade.
 The Orion is a skyscraper located at 350 West 42nd Street between Eighth and Ninth Avenues in the Hell's Kitchen or Clinton neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. The building rises 604 feet (184 m) above street level containing 58 floors of residential units.
 Mrówki [ˈmrufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Paradmete longicauda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 Bertil Gotthard Ohlin (Swedish: [ˈbæʈil uˈliːn]) (23 April 1899 – 3 August 1979) was a Swedish economist and politician. He was a professor of economics at the Stockholm School of Economics from 1929 to 1965. He was also leader of the People's Party a social-liberal party which at the time was the largest party in opposition to the governing Social Democratic Party from 1944 to 1967.
 Chrysallida sarsi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Judge Not; or The Woman of Mona Diggings is a 1915 American drama film starring Julia Dean and featuring Harry Carey.
 Phulaut is one of the village in Chousa block Madhepura district in the Indian state of Bihar. It is situated and connected by NH 106 . It is located at a distance of 55 km from the district headquarters Madhepura.
 Negotiations and Love Songs is a collection of Paul Simon's songs from 1971-1986. The title of the compilation is taken from a line in the song Train in the Distance.
 Lago di Ceresole is an artificial lake in the Province of Turin Piedmont northern Italy. The lake was created in 1925-1931 when A.E.M. (now Iren) Turin's electricity authority built here a dam with a hydroelectric plant; the site located in what is now the comune of Ceresole Reale already housed a small natural lake.
 Rock the Nations is the eighth studio album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 1986 (see 1986 in music).
 The Lombard Automobile Buildings located in northwest Portland Oregon are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Parafomoria ladaniphila is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Portugal and southern Spain.The length of the forewings is 1.7-1.85 mm for males and 1.7-1.8 mm for females. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on Cistus ladanifer. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a short very narrow almost invisible gallery soon becoming a full depth circular blotch in which the frass is concentrated in a circular spot in the centre.
 Choqa Safar (Persian: چقاصفر‎ also Romanized as Choqā Şafar) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 52 families.
 Union Church is a historic church on ME 123 in North Harpswell Maine.It was built in 1841 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Lackenberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Saskatoon Correctional Centre is an adult male provincial correctional centre located in Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. It is one of four provincial correctional centres in the province including the Regina Correctional Centre the Prince Albert Correctional Centre and the only female institution the Pine Grove Correctional Centre. The centre generally holds approximately 450 offenders including those of the low security annex the Saskatoon Urban Camp.
 Werewolf versus Dragon is the first book in the An Awfully Beastly Business series written by David Sinden Matthew Morgan and Guy MacDonald. This young-adult fantasy novel was released on April 28 2009 by Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing.
 James Ford House is a historic home located at Lawrenceville in Tioga County Pennsylvania. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick house built in 1831 in the late Federal style. Congressman James Ford had this house built for his son.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Bhirgaun is a village development committee in Dhankuta District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4413 people living in 792 individual households.
 Malapterurus cavalliensis is a species of electric catfish endemic to Ivory Coast where it occurs in the Cavally River. This species grows to a length of 12.15 centimetres (4.78 in) SL.
 Francis Stebbins Bartow (September 6 1816 – July 21 1861) was a licensed attorney turned politician serving two terms in the United States House of Representatives and becoming a political leader of the Confederate States of America. Bartow was also a colonel in the Georgia Militia commanding the 21st Oglethorpe Light Infantry during the early months of the American Civil War.
 Robert Treat (February 23 1622 – July 12 1710) was an American colonial leader militia officer and governor of the Connecticut Colony between 1683 and 1698.
 Base Support Unit Kodiak is the host command for a large shore installation of the United States Coast Guard located in Kodiak Alaska. The largest tenant unit on the base is Air Station Kodiak. It is also the home port for several cutters.
 Emarginula thomasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Chahar Qash-e Chari (Persian: چهارقاش چري‎ also Romanized as Chahār Qāsh Charī) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 13 families.
 Enchelyurus brunneolus is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean around Hawaii. This species grows to a length of 2.9 centimetres (1.1 in) SL.
 Time for a Witness is the Feelies' fourth studio album. It was released on March 5 1991 on A&M.
 Cows and Beer is an EP by Die Kreuzen released in 1982 through Version Sound.
 Limnoperna fortunei the golden mussel is a medium-sized fresh water bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae the true mussels. The native range of the species is China but it has accidentally introduced to South America where it has become an invasive species. It is considered to be an ecosystem engineer because it alters the nature of the sediment at the bottom of lakes and dramatically changes the associated invertebrate communities.
 Eoholocentrum is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.
 Euchilichthys dybowskii is a species of upside-down catfish native to Cameroon Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Dja and Ubangi Rivers and rivers of the eastern Congo Basin. This species grows to a length of 11.2 centimetres (4.4 in) TL.
 They Came on Viking Ships is a children's historical novel by Jackie French first published in Australia in 2005. In 2007 it was retitled as Slave Girl for its publication in Britain and Rover for its publication in the United States.
 Bahmanabad (Persian: بهمن اباد‎ also Romanized as Bahmanābād) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 9 families.
 Safidar (Persian: سفيدار‎ also Romanized as Safīdār) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 442 in 89 families.
 Bana Wala (sometimes spelled as Banawala or wrong as ਬਨਾ ਵਾਲਾ in Punjabi) is a small village in Mansa district of East Punjab (India). It has became a noted village of Punjab as a new Talwandi Sabo Power Plant with the capacity of 2640 megawatt is under construction here.
 Svetlina Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Mordellistena atrocinctipennis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1927 by Píc.
 Live on BBC Radio 1 is a live EP by the American rock band Touché Amoré. The EP was recorded live at BBC Radio 1 studio with the show's host Mike Davies and engineer Simon Askew. Live on BBC Radio 1 also features guest vocals from Jordan Dreyer of La Dispute. The two bands were on tour in the UK together and recorded back-to-back sessions at BBC Radio 1.
 Dunthorne is a small lunar impact crater that is located to the northwest of the small lunar mare called Palus Epidemiarum in the southwest part of the Moon's near side. It lies to the southwest of the crater Campanus and east of Vitello. Due south is Ramsden.This crater is roughly circular and bowl-shaped with an interior that has a higher albedo than the surrounding terrain.
 Here Come The Horns is Delinquent Habits' second studio album.Music videos were made for This is LA Video and Here Come The Horns Video
 Dunia is a 2005 film.
 The Greenhorn Mountains are located northeast of Bakersfield California and west of Lake Isabella in the United States. The range at the southern end of the Sierra Nevada reaches an elevation of 8295 feet (2528 m) at Sunday Peak just south of Portuguese Pass.The Kern Canyon a dramatic and deep canyon cut by the Kern River cuts a path through the Greenhorn Mountains that is also used by State Route 178.
 The Royal Museum of the Armed Forces and Military History (French: Musée Royal de l’Armée et d’Histoire Militaire Dutch: Koninklijk Museum van het Leger en de Krijgsgeschiedenis often abbreviated to KLM-MRA) is a military museum that occupies the two northernmost halls of the historic complex in Cinquantenaire Park in Brussels Belgium.
 Gettysburg is a 1993 epic war film written and directed by Ronald F. Maxwell adapted from the novel The Killer Angels by Michael Shaara about the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War. The film stars were Tom Berenger Jeff Daniels and Martin Sheen. Randy Edelman composed the score. It was Richard Jordan's last movie.
 Circa 2007 (stylized as CIRCA: 2007) is the debut album by Circa a progressive rock band consisting of former Yes members Billy Sherwood (bass vocals) Tony Kaye (keyboards) and Alan White (drums) as well as Jimmy Haun (guitar). Billy's elder brother Michael Sherwood also appears. Two tracks are based on material Billy Sherwood and Trevor Rabin were developing in the mid-1990s.The album was released independently on 30 July 2007.
 Wisma Bapa Malaysia also known as Bangunan Tunku Abdul Rahman is the Sarawak state secretariat building housing various government departments including the chief minister office. It is located in Petra Jaya Kuching. Wisma Bapa Malaysia was designed to be similar to the Malaysian Houses of Parliament in Kuala Lumpur in many aspects.
 José Maria de Mascarenhas Relvas de Campos (Golegã Golegã March 5 1858 – Alpiarça Casa dos Patudos October 31 1929; Portuguese pronunciation: [ʒuˈzɛ ˈʁɛɫvɐʃ] was a Portuguese politician.
 Oliva bifasciata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Laxmi Raman Acharya was born on 2 November 1914 in Alwar Rajasthan. His Father Rewati Raman Acharya was Revenue Minister in the Princely State of Alwar but later revolted against the King and Joined Indian National Congress due to his proximity with British Empire. The Acharya Family hails from Tirpuati District in Andhra Pradesh.
 Long Marsh Lake is a lake of St. Mary's in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Ismail Rahoo is a senior politician from Badin Who was elected to Sindh Assembly in 1990 and 1997.He is a senior leader in the PML N Sindh Chapter.
 The Berryhill-Morris House is a historic farmhouse near the city of Bellbrook in Greene County Ohio United States. Built in the 1830s for an elderly veteran it has changed little since its early years and it has been named a historic site.Berryhills were among the pioneers of Sugarcreek Township starting when Alexander and Rachel Berryhill moved from Virginia.
 Body Language Live is the DVD recording of Kylie Minogue's promotional concert Money Can't Buy. Minogue performed tracks from her ninth studio album Body Language alongside her biggest hits. The DVD also contains the music videos of Slow Red Blooded Woman and Chocolate; a short documentary a multi-angle function a gallery with 2 screensavers 4 wallpapers and a weblink.
 From Branch to Branch is the title of a recording by singer/guitarist Leon Redbone released in 1981. It was his first on Atlantic Records and peaked at No. 152 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts.
 The Bosna (pronounced [bɔ̂sna]) is the third longest river in Bosnia and Herzegovina and is considered one of the country's three major internal rivers along with the Neretva and Vrbas Rivers; the other three major rivers of Bosnia and Herzegovina are the Una to the northwest the Sava to the north and the Drina to the east. It is the probable namesake of Bosnia. The Bosna flows for 271 kilometers (168 mi).The river was the classical Bossina.
 Eupithecia boneta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 David Philip Halvorson (July 9 1948 – July 1 2013) was an American politician.Born in Sidney Montana Halvorson graduated from Williston High School in Williston North Dakota. Halvorson received his bachelors degree in accounting from the University of North Dakota and was in ROTC. He went to the United States Military Academy for two years for military training and studies. He then returned to Montana and was in the radio business. He was also a wheat farmer.
 Tabanus maculicornis also known as the narrow-winged horsefly is a species of biting horse-fly.
 Prison-A-Go-Go! is an American film first released in October 2003 by WorldWide International Picture Studios known for producing low budget B-movies with campy concepts. The film premiered at the Deep Ellum Film Festival in 2003 and went on to win several awards. The film was directed by Barak Epstein and starred Mary Woronov and Rhonda Shear. The film is an homage/parody of women in prison films.
 Gun n' Rose is a 1992 Hong Kong action crime film directed by Clarence Fok and starring Alan Tang Andy Lau Leon Lai and Simon Yam.
 Raciąż [ˈrat͡ɕɔ̃ʂ] (German: Reetz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Tuchola and 63 km (39 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 756.
 A New Romance of Celluloid: The Miracle of Sound is a 1940 short documentary film presented and directed by MGM sound engineer Douglas Shearer and narrated by Frank Whitbeck which goes behind the scenes to look at how the sound portion of a talking picture is created. The film which was produced as part of the studio's Romance of Celluloid series is available as a bonus on the Warner DVD of The Shop Around the Corner.
 Brachylomia thula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from British Columbia to southern Oregon in and west of the Cascade Range.
 News of a Kidnapping (original Spanish title: Noticia de un secuestro) is a non-fiction book by Gabriel García Márquez. It was first published in Spanish in 1996 with an English translation released in 1997.
 The Hemavati (Kannada ಹೇಮಾವತಿ ) is a river in Karnataka India an important tributary of the Kaveri.
 Phyllabraxas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 American Creation: Triumphs and Tragedies at the Founding of the Republic is a 2007 non-fiction book written by American historian Joseph Ellis and published by Alfred A. Knopf examining the successes and failures of the Founding Fathers.
 The Menlo Avenue - West Twenty-ninth Street Historic District is a historic district in the North University Park section of Los Angeles which is itself part of the city's West Adams district. The area consists of late Victorian and Craftsman-style homes dating back to 1896. The area is bounded by West Adams Boulevard on the north Ellendale on the east West Thirtieth Street on the south and Vermont Avenue to the west.
 Seoul Train is a 2004 documentary film that deals with the dangerous journeys of North Korean defectors fleeing through or to China. These journeys are both dangerous and daring since if caught they face forced repatriation torture and possible execution.Seoul Train has been broadcast on television around the world including on the PBS series Independent Lens. In January 2007 Seoul Train was awarded the Alfred I.
 Engelbrechtsmünster is a village in Bavaria Germany now part of the municipality of Geisenfeld. It lies near the Ilm river.
 River Disturbance is a 1994 album by the Christian speed/thrash metal band Deliverance. This album was originally intended to be combined with Camelot in Smithereens. Disputes with the record label led to the album being split into two separate releases.
 Dance of Ganesha also known as Naach Ganesh is a 2011 Indian short film directed by Bikas Ranjan Mishra and produced by Pankaj Dubey. The film had its world premiere at the 16th Busan International Film Festival.
 Australian Mammalogy is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by CSIRO Publishing on behalf of the Australian Mammal Society covering research about biology of mammals that are native or introduced to Australasia.The journal is abstracted by The Zoological Record Scopus GeoRef and Biological Abstracts.
 Olivella japonica is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Frederick Whitten Peters (born Omaha Nebraska August 29 1946) is a District of Columbia lawyer and senior level public official. His law practice specializes in civil and criminal litigation including contract fraud antitrust tax and security cases. He has served in several key positions within the U.S. federal government including as Secretary of the Air Force.
 The Fields is a 2011 American suspense thriller directed by Tom Mattera and Dave Mazzoni. The film is touted as being based on true events. The film stars Cloris Leachman and Tara Reid. Filming wrapped in October 2009 and the film played in festivals in Fall 2011.
 Emmanuel AME Church (also known as Deliverance Temple Holy Church) is a historic church building at 710 Kent Street in Durham North Carolina. Both the bricks and land for the church were donated by Richard B. Fitzgerald a prominent African American brickmaker.The Gothic Revival building was constructed in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Republik Twitter (stylised as #republiktwitter; meaning The Twitter Republic) is an Indonesian romantic drama directed by Kuntz Agus released in 2012. Starring Laura Basuki and Abimana Aryasatya it follows a university student in his quest to be with a beautiful journalist.Work on Republik Twitter began in June 2011 when screenwriter Eddri Sumitra Ito began preparing a script.
 The Great Barrier is a 1937 British historical drama film directed by Milton Rosmer and Geoffrey Barkas and starring Richard Arlen Lilli Palmer and Antoinette Cellier. The film depicts the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway. It was based on the 1935 novel The Great Divide by Alan Sullivan. It was made at the Lime Grove Studios in Shepherd's Bush. The film's sets were designed by Walter Murton.
 All My Friends Part 2 (Italian: Amici miei Atto II) is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli. It is the sequel to Amici miei of 1975. The movie features Paolo Stoppa in one of his last roles. The last chapter of this saga is Amici miei - Atto III directed by Nanni Loy (1985).
 Rhacophorus tunkui is a disputed species of frog in the moss frog family (Rhacophoridae). It is known only from the southern and southeastern parts of Peninsular Malaysia but might be more widespread. It is often treated as a junior synonym of R prominanus (Malayan flying frog) but this seems to be premature; actually it appears to be a parapatric cryptic sister species. R. dulitensis from Borneo and Sumatra is probably another close relative.Specimens assigned to R.
 National Lampoon's Dorm Daze 2 (2006) is the mystery/farce sequel to the 2003 comedy National Lampoon Presents Dorm Daze. Chris Owen and Danielle Fishel reprised their roles from the original along with Tony Denman James DeBello Patrick Cavanaugh Marieh Delfino Jennifer Lyons and Gable Carr. Added to the ensemble are Vida Guerra Charles Shaughnessy Richard Riehle Jasmin St.
 Clinical Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal published bimonthly by the Royal College of Physicians. It was established in 1966 as the Journal of the Royal College of Physicians of London. It was doubly named between 1998 and 2000 and since 2001 it has appeared as Clinical Medicine. Its present editor-in-chief is Humphrey Hodgson.
 Maniacal is the third full-length studio album by the New York crossover thrash band Sworn Enemy. The album was released in the United States in 2008.
 Chudiyan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 York (First Exit to Brooklyn) is an album by The Foetus Symphony Orchestra featuring Lydia Lunch released in 1997 by Thirsty Ear Recordings. As opposed to every other Foetus album York is a wholly collaborative work. A travelogue and exploration of DUMBO (Down Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass) York features J. G. Thirlwell as composer and conductor for a group of notable New York City musicians.
 No Piercing No Tattoo is the seventh album of Finnish hard rock band Peer Günt released in 2005
 Dorvan I. Solberg is a North Dakota Democratic-NPL Party member of the North Dakota House of Representatives representing the 2nd district since 1998. He is currently a candidate for district 2 Senate.
 Sangbar (Persian: سنگبر‎ also Romanized as Sangbor) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 44 families.
 Charles N. Decas (born October 5 1937 in Brookline Massachusetts) is an American politician who was Sheriff of Plymouth County Massachusetts from 2000 to 2001 a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1977 to 1997 and a member of the Wareham Massachusetts Board of Selectmen from 1974 to 1977.
 Jabal Dadnah is a mountain in Ras al-Khaimah.
 The Darkside Vol. 3 is the third volume in the Darkside series by rapper Fat Joe. The mixtape was released August 26 2013 via Dat Piff.
 The Giant Petaltail Petalura ingentissima has been described as the world's largest dragonfly with a wingspan of 160 mm. It is found in Queensland Australia.Dr R.J. Tillyard described the giant petaltail in 1908. Its species name is derived from the Latin adjective ingens huge. It is one of five species in the Australian genus Petalura.A large heavily built dragonfly the giant petaltail has a black body with some yellow markings.
 The International Journal of Health Science is a double-blind peer-reviewed medical journal published by Renaissance Medical Publishing (Thessaloniki Greece). The journal was established in January 2008 and is published quarterly. It publishes original articles review articles case reports and letters to the editor. It covers medicine nursing psychology healthcare management health economics and other health science fields.
 The Jewish Daily Forward (Yiddish: פֿאָרווערטס; Forverts) colloquially called The Forward is a Jewish-American national newspaper published in New York City. The publication began in 1897 as a Yiddish-language daily issued by dissidents from the Socialist Labor Party of Daniel DeLeon. As a nonprofit publication loosely affiliated with the Socialist Party of America Forverts achieved massive circulation and considerable political influence during the first three decades of the 20th Century.
 Orthaga seminivea is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It is found in Australia.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are white with a dark brown pattern.The larvae feed on Glochidion ferdinandi. They live in a shelter of leaves joined together by silk.
 King of the Cowboys is a 1943 film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers and Smiley Burnette. It is set in Texas during World War II.
 Sneakers is a 1992 caper film directed by Phil Alden Robinson written by Robinson Walter F. Parkes and Lawrence Lasker and starring Robert Redford Dan Aykroyd Ben Kingsley Mary McDonnell River Phoenix Sidney Poitier and David Strathairn.
 The Purna Bhakti Pertiwi Museum is a history museum specialized on the life of Suharto the former second president of Indonesia and a powerful political figure in modern Indonesian history. It is located in Taman Mini Indonesia Indah (TMII) Jakarta Indonesia.
 The World Economy: Historical Statistics is a book by Angus Maddison.
 Arrow Rock Historic District or Arrow Rock is a historic district in Arrow Rock Missouri that was designated a National Historic Landmark. It includes a number of structures.In 1963 the National Park Service's designation statement included:The Missouri River crossing at Arrow Rock noted by French cartographers (1723) and Lewis and Clark (1804) figured prominently in the very early trail-breaking expeditions that opened the West.
 Warchild is a science fiction novel by Karin Lowachee. It was published by Warner Aspect in 2002. It won the Warner Aspect First Novel Award. Warchild was also a finalist for the 2002 Philip K. Dick Award.
 The Ugly Swans (Russian: Гадкие лебеди) is a 2006 Russian science fiction film directed by Konstantin Lopushansky based on the novel of the same name by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky. The film is often compared to Andrei Tarkovsky's Stalker also adapted from a Strugatsky book.
 White Light Rock & Roll Review is Matthew Good's second album as a solo artist and was released on June 15 2004. Though it was not as well-received as his previous solo effort Avalanche it quickly achieved Gold certification in Canada.Recording sessions for White Light Rock & Roll Review began less than a year after the release of Avalanche making it the shortest time spent between records for Good.
 Judith's Underwing (Catocala judith) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern Quebec (where it is rare) and Ontario to the United States from New Hampshire south through Connecticut and New Jersey to North Carolina and Georgia west to Oklahoma and Iowa and north to Wisconsin.The wingspan is 45–55 mm. Adults are on wing from July to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on Carya illinoinensis Carya ovata and Juglans nigra.
 Kobru is a village in Padise Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 The Bad River is a 44.3-mile-long (71.3 km) river in Michigan. It rises in Gratiot County and empties into the Shiawassee River in Saginaw County.
 Üçkardeş Hopa is a village in the District of Hopa Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 167 people.
 Arise (foaled 1946 at Hamburg Place in Kentucky) was a Canadian Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse. He was sired by the 1936 Santa Anita Derby winner He Did a son of the 1928 Preakness Stakes winner Victorian. Out of the dam Coralie B. his damsire Apprehension was a grandson of English Triple Crown champion Rock Sand.Arise was purchased by Harry Addison Sr. and Mrs. Jack Addison of Toronto Ontario from breeder R. M. Wood in 1946.
 Mazraeh-ye Now (Persian: مزرعه نو‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Now; also known as Mazra‘eh Nau) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 49 families.
 The Shell River is a 47.8-mile-long (76.9 km) tributary of the Crow Wing River in north-central Minnesota in the United States. Via the Crow Wing River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining a rural region. The river was named for mussel and clam shells found along the river and along Shell Lake its origin.
 Suzanne Haik Terrell (born 1954) is the first and only Republican woman elected to statewide office in Louisiana. A practicing attorney Terrell was the state's final commissioner of elections a position which she held from 2000-2004. In 2002 she was the Republican nominee for United States Senate losing a hotly contested and closely watched race against incumbent Senator Mary Landrieu. In 2005 U.S. President George W.
 Edward Omane Boamah is the current Minister for Communications in Ghana. He was appointed in February 2013 by President John Mahama after the Ghanaian general election in December 2012. He is a member of the National Democratic Congress. He is an alumnus of the Pope John Senior High School and Minor Seminary in Koforidua Ghana.
 Act of God is a 2009 Canadian documentary film that investigates the metaphysical effects of being struck by lightning. It was directed by Jennifer Baichwal (Manufactured Landscapes) and distributed by Zeitgeist Films. The film's world premier was at the 2009 Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival at the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto on 30 April 2009. It went on general release in Canada on 1 May 2009 and limited release in the United States on 31 July 2009.
 The Temple of Hephaestus also known as the Hephaisteion or earlier as the Theseion is a well-preserved Greek temple; it remains standing largely as built. It is a Doric peripteral temple and is located at the north-west side of the Agora of Athens on top of the Agoraios Kolonos hill. From the 7th century until 1834 it served as the Greek Orthodox church of St. George Akamates.
 Coleophora ochroflava is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in north-western Russia Ukraine Romania Bulgaria Greece and Italy.The larvae feed on the leaves of Atriplex tatarica Atriplex nitens Atriplex verrucifera and Halimione partulocoides.
 Ribbed is the third studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX. It was released on March 26 1991 through Epitaph Records. It was their last album to feature Steve Kidwiller on guitar who was replaced by El Hefe. Ribbed is also the last NOFX album produced by Brett Gurewitz (the guitarist of Bad Religion and founder of Epitaph) who produced the first two albums Liberal Animation and S&M Airlines. According to NOFX's official website Ribbed sold 8000 copies upon its release.
 Rogóźno [rɔˈɡuʑnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Lubelski and 104 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1300.
 Witowo [viˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Mały within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Osiek Mały 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Koło and 114 km (71 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Copper Woolly Bat (Kerivoula cuprosa) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found in Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast and Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Adlapura is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Tumkur taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 The Three Degrees is a 1973 studio album released by girl group The Three Degrees.Since their formation in 1963 until 1969 The Three Degrees had released several hit singles on various labels including Swan Records Warner Bros. Records Metromedia and Neptune.
 Trouble is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Sydney Howard George Curzon and Dorothy Robinson. A pair of stewards on a cruise ship manage to foil the plans of jewel thieves.
 The House of Hunger (ISBN 0-435-90986-X) (1979) is a short story collection by the late Dambudzo Marechera. Subtitled Short Stories this work is actually a collection of one novella of 80-odd pages (House of Hunger) and nine sketches / stories.
 St Lawrence's Church Evesham is a redundant Anglican church in the centre of the town of Evesham Worcestershire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands close to All Saints Church and to the bell tower of the former Evesham Abbey.
 Rebeldes – Ao vivo is the first live album by Brazilian musical group Rebeldes. The album was officially released on April 11 2012 and includes the launch of the first DVD album with the same title.Recorded at Espaço das Americas in Sao Paulo the DVD is part of the band's first tour.
 Thavory Meas Bong (ថាវរីមាសបង)is a Cambodian melodramatic film of the late 1960s directed by Uon Kon Thuok of Korng Chak Pheap Yun. The film stars Kong Som Oeurn Saom Vansodany Vichara Dany and So Hean.
 Beyreli is a village in the District of Alanya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Sir Arthur Herbert Dyke Acland 13th Baronet PC (13 October 1847 – 9 October 1926) was a Liberal politician and political author. He is best remembered for his involvement with educational issues and served as Vice President of the Council of Education under William Ewart Gladstone and the Earl of Rosebery between 1892 and 1895.
 ...Nada como el sol is an EP released by Sting containing five tracks from the album ...Nothing Like the Sun performed in Spanish and Portuguese.
 Krishna Maza is a 2002 Marathi devotional studio album by Shreya Ghoshal and Suresh Wadkar. Released on January 1 2002 the album consists of 8 tracks. The songs have been composed by Milind Joshi. This is the first Marathi album of Shreya Ghoshal and she recorded the tracks when she was 14.
 Cooper Green Mercy Hospital is a 319-bed general-care hospital in Birmingham Alabama. It is owned by Jefferson County Alabama and operated by the Jefferson Health System. It first opened as Mercy Hospital in 1972 and was renamed for former Birmingham mayor Cooper Green three years later. It is located at 1515 6th Avenue South adjacent to UAB Hospital on Birmingham's Southside.
 The Old Davidson County Courthouse in Lexington North Carolina was built in 1858. The courthouse was built in the Greek Revival architecture style.
 Wester Ogle is a historic home located at Pikesville Baltimore County Maryland United States. It is a large Federal-influenced house constructed about 1842. It is constructed of stucco-covered stone and stands three stories high over an excavated basement three bays wide by one room deep. Also on the property are a 1 1⁄2-story stone-and-frame tenant house and the stone foundations of a 19th-century barn and a stable.
 Propilidium pertenue is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Jean-Louis Michel Pierrot (1761 – February 18 1857) was a career officer and general in the Haitian Army and President of Haiti from April 16 1845 to March 1 1846.During the period of the Haitian Kingdom Henri Christophe (Henry I) promoted Pierrot to the rank of Lieutenant General in the Army and granted him the hereditary title of Prince.[citation needed]Pierrot was elected president of Haiti by the Council of State on April 16 1845 the day after the death of Philippe Guerrier.
 Eureka Stockade is a 1907 Australian silent film about the Eureka Rebellion. It was the second feature film made in Australia following The Story of the Kelly Gang.It was made by George Cornwell a motor mechanic and his brother Arthur.
 Talakmau (also known as Talamau or Ophir) is a volcano in West Sumatra Indonesia. Its elevation is 2919 m (9577 ft).
 Clayton Hall is a 15th-century manor house on Ashton New Road in Clayton Manchester England. It is hidden behind trees in a small park. The hall is a Grade II* listed building a scheduled ancient monument and a rare example of a medieval moated site (grid reference SJ88099857). It is surrounded by a moat making an island 66 m by 74 m.
 Shahid Abdollah (Persian: شهيدعبداله‎ also Romanized as Shahīd ʿAbdollah) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 331 in 86 families.
 Kamalabad (Persian: كمال اباد‎ also Romanized as Kamālābād) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 101 families.
 Lagmamdha Guthi often shortened to 'Lagma' is a Village Development Committee (VDC) in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3726 people living in 663 individual households.
 Pseudohemihyalea edwardsii Edwards' Glassy-wing is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Packard in 1864. It is found from western Oregon and the Columbia Gorge in southern Washington south to California in the south-west east to western New Mexico. The habitat consists of oak woodlands and mixed hardwood forests at low elevations.The length of the forewings is 27-31 mm. The forewings are translucent ochre yellow with a dusting of dark brown scales.
 Grądy [ˈɡrɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mędrzechów within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Mędrzechów 11 km (7 mi) north of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Mishigiin Sonompil (Mongolian Мишигийн Сономпил; born 1965) has been a Mongolia's Minister for Defense since January 2006 and a Member of Parliament since June 2004.
 Filament was a quarterly magazine aimed at women showcasing erotic photographs of men. Filament professed through its tagline to be The thinking woman's crumpet. Unlike other magazines for women that have featured solely muscular men Filament featured a wide variety of men. Alongside erotic photographs the magazine also included discussions on topics not only related to sex but to other aspects of life.
 The Sclater's Tyrannulet (Phyllomyias sclateri) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.The common name and the Latin binomial commemorate the British zoologist Philip Lutley Sclater.
 The Scent (Hangul: 간통을 기다리는 남자; RR: Gantongeul Gidarineun Namja; MR: Kant'ongŭl Kidarinŭn Namcha; lit. Man Who Waits for Adultery; also shortened to Hangul: 간기남; RR: Gan-gi-nam) is a 2012 South Korean comedy-thriller film starring Park Hee-soon and Park Si-yeon.Kang Seon-woo is a detective specializing in adultery cases. One day he investigates the scene of an incident only to find two dead bodies. The only witness is Kim Soo-jin the dead man's wife.
 Aurora Steam Grist Mill was a historic grist mill located in Aurora Cayuga County New York. It was a monolithic 3 1⁄2-story rectangular stone structure built on the shore of Lake Cayuga. It was one of the first mills built west of the Hudson River to be powered by steam. In 1974 the building's roof collapsed due to neglect and plans were to restore it for use as a community center.
 Physics in Medicine & Biology (PMB) is a peer reviewed journal concerned with the application of theoretical and practical physics to medicine physiology and biology. The first issue was published in July 1956.PMB is published by IOP Publishing on behalf of the Institute of Physics and Engineering in Medicine.
 Shorelint (foaled in 1926) was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1929 King's Plate Canada's most important race. He was ridden by jockey John Mooney a native of New Orleans Louisiana who won the 1924 Kentucky Derby.Shorelint's dam South Shore won the King's Plate in 1922.
 Los Frentones is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Chickenhawk is Robert Mason's narrative of his experiences as a Huey UH-1 Iroquois helicopter pilot during the Vietnam War. The book chronicles his enlistment flight training deployment to and experiences in Vietnam and his experiences after returning from the war.
 Pauhunri is a mountain in the Eastern Himalayas. It is located on the border of Sikkim India and Tibet China and is situated about 75 km northeast of Kangchenjunga.Pauhunri has an elevation of 7128 metres (23386 ft) and was first climbed in 1911 by Scottish mountaineer Alexander Mitchell Kellas along with two Sherpas known only as Sony and Tuny’s brother.
 Kuluva Hospital is a private non-profit community hospital in Uganda.
 Amos Wood House is a historic home located near North Landing Ellisburg in Jefferson County New York. The house was built in 1826 and consists of three sections: the main block ell and service addition. The limestone main block is a 1 1/2-story five bay structure. The one-story limestone ell has a frame upper structure. The two-story frame service addition is attached to the ell.
 The Western Beskids (Czech: Západní Beskydy; Slovak: Západné Beskydy; Polish: Beskidy Zachodnie) are a set of mountain ranges spanning the Czech Republic Slovakia and Poland. Geologically the Western Beskids are part of the Outer Western Carpathians. Traditionally the Western Beskids were considered part of the Beskids a term that differs according to historical and linguistic heritage.
 Originally released directly to video in 1995 Heidi is a 49-minute animated film based on the classic story of Heidi by Johanna Spyri. The movie was produced by Jetlag Productions and it was distributed to DVD in 2002 by GoodTimes Entertainment as part of their Collectible Classics line.
 Lookin' For A Love Again is a 1974 Soul album recorded by Bobby Womack.
 Lady Soul is the third studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Aco released on 19 September 1998.Track 8 is a cover of the song Inside My Love by Minnie Riperton.
 The Aware is the first book in The Isles of Glory by Glenda Larke in the style of an interview that took place much later than the events in the book.The Aware was a finalist in the 2003 Aurealis Awards fantasy division.
 Incurvaria vetulella is a moth of the Incurvariidae family. It is found in Fennoscandia Russia Germany Poland the Czech Republic Slovakia Austria Switzerland Slovenia Romania and Bulgaria. In the east the range extends to Japan.The wingspan is 16–21 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on Vaccinium species including Vaccinium myrtillus and Vaccinium vitis-idaea.
 Crawford Lake is a lake in the Magnetawan River drainage basin in the township of Magnetawan Almaguin Highlands region Parry Sound District Ontario Canada. It is about 1.7 kilometres (1.1 mi) long and 1 kilometre (0.6 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 279 metres (915 ft). The primary inflows are the Neighick River and Wylie Creek. The primary outflow is a channel to Beaver Lake which flows via The Narrows channel into Ahmic Lake on the Magnetawan River and thence into Lake Huron.
 Hipponix conicus wyattae is a subspecies of small limpet-like marine gastropod mollusc in the family Hipponicidae.
 Allan Wilson (born 5 August 1954) is a former Labour Member of the Scottish Parliament. He represented Cunninghame North a seat which he held between the inaugural Scottish Parliament general election in 1999 until 2007.He was educated at Spier's school near Beith Ayrshire and worked as a trades union official with NUPE and UNISON until his election to the Scottish Parliament.
 Ten de Shōwaru Cupid (てんで性悪キューピッド Ten de Shōwaru Kyūpiddo lit. An Ill-tempered Cupid in Heaven) is a Japanese romantic comedy manga series written and illustrated by Yoshihiro Togashi. It was serialized in the Shueisha magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1989 to 1990. Togashi is best known from his later works YuYu Hakusho and Hunter × Hunter also serialized in the same publication.
 Halichoeres is a genus of wrasses found in the Atlantic Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 Bank of the West Tower also known as Five Hundred Capitol Mall is a 25-story 433508-square-foot (40274.2 m2) high-rise in downtown Sacramento California with a 10-level 800 stall parking garage. The building consists of a 5-story atrium/lobby ground floor retail office space and a 2-level penthouse restaurant or meeting facility. The structure has a steel frame and features a granite curtain wall with stone-on-precast and stone-on-truss panels on the exterior.
 American Porn Songs is the sixth studio album by the industrial metal band 16Volt.
 Raccolto is an album by Italian pianist Stefano Battaglia recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM label.
 Suburban Legends is the first EP of the Orange County based ska punk band Suburban Legends. It was released in 2001 in Los Angeles California by Lobster Girl Records. This self-produced album has sold over 20000 copies. It was re-released the following year with the return of lead singer Tim Maurer.This album (EP) has four different versions. The original version released had a red cover (The Red EP).
 Under the Green Star published first by DAW Books in 1972 was the first of Lin Carter's Green Star Series of science-fiction/fantasy novels.The story (and the entire series) is told from the point of an unnamed first-person narrator who is 30 years old very wealthy but crippled and who knows some eastern arts including soul casting.
 The History Teacher is a quarterly academic journal concerned with the teaching of history in schools colleges and universities. It began in 1940 at the History Department at the University of Notre Dame as the Quarterly Bulletin of the Teachers' History Club. Nuns attending the graduate history program in the summer edited and mimeographed the bulletin. Each issue ran 20-50 pages with informal teaching tips evaluations of textbooks and short thematic essays by Notre Dame professors.
 The Aniak River is a 95-mile (153 km) tributary of the Kuskokwim River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning south of Aniak Lake the river generally flows north. The upper sections drain part of the Kilbuck and Kuskokwim mountains and the lower portions transition to the Kuskokwim lowlands and tundra. The river empties into the Kuskokwim River slightly east of Aniak.Aniak is a Yup'ik word meaning the place where it comes out which refers to the mouth of the Aniak River.
 John Joseph Joe McCartin (born 24 April 1939) is a retired Irish Fine Gael politician who served in both houses of the Oireachtas and in the European Parliament.
 Chaudhry Amir Hussain is a Pakistani politician. He was the 17th Speaker of National Assembly of Pakistan serving from 2002 to 2008.Hussain was born in Sialkot Punjab in a Gujjar family of subcast khatana and was elected as Speaker of the National Assembly on November 19 2002 succeeding Elahi Bux Soomro. On October 2 2007 85 Pakistani opposition lawmakers resigned from the country's parliament to derail President Pervez Musharraf's re-election bid.
 Coptotriche discreta is a moth of the Tischeriidae family. It was described by Braun in 1972. It is found in California (Santa Cruz Island).The larvae feed on Quercus agrifolia Quercus chrysolepis Quercus suber and Quercus wislizenii. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Takeaki Matsumoto (松本 剛明 Matsumoto Takeaki born April 25 1959) is a Japanese politician of the Democratic Party of Japan who is the Minister of Foreign Affairs. A native of Tokyo and graduate of the University of Tokyo he was elected to the House of Representatives for the first time in 2000 after running unsuccessfully as an independent in 1996.Matsumoto is a great great grandson of Itō Hirobumi the first Prime Minister of Japan.
 Mil Aghardan (Persian: ميل اغاردان‎ also Romanized as Mīl Āghārdān and Mīlāghārdān; also known as Miragarden) is a village in Sanjabad-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 6 families.
 Diogenes pugilator is a species of hermit crab sometimes called the small hermit crab with a maximum carapace length of 5.45 mm (0.215 in). It is found from the coast of Angola as far north as the North Sea and eastwards through the Mediterranean Sea Black Sea and Red Sea. Populations of D. pugilator may be kept in check by the predatory crab Liocarcinus depurator.
 Southpaw is Irish-English singer-songwriter Gilbert O'Sullivan's fifth studio album originally released in November 1977. This was the first album produced by Gilbert O'Sullivan. Union Square Music re-released it in June 2012 on Salvo label in part of the Gilbert O'Sullivan - A Singer & His Songs collection.
 American Motorcyclist is an American magazine published monthly by the American Motorcyclist Association covering issues of importance to its members including touring trail riding motocross enduros road racing cruisers and dirt track.Since April 2013 the magazine has published a second version that focuses on dirt biking.
 Reptile is the 15th studio album by British musician Eric Clapton released by Duck / Reprise Records on 13 March 2001. The album was produced by Eric Clapton with Simon Climie and is Eric's first album to feature keyboard work by Billy Preston and background vocals by the Impressions.
 The Radiciu River is a tributary of the Chineja River in Romania.
 Chamravattom is a village located 7 km away from Ponnani in Malappuram district of Kerala India. This serene village is on the shores of the Bharathapuzha also known as Nila. Chamravattom is just 4 km from Ponnani by ferry across the Bharathapuzha river but by road it is about 30 km.
 for the vehicle see Fiat TurbinaTurbina is a black and white Czech drama film. It was released in 1941. It was filmed by director Otakar Vávra from a draft Harish Matěj Čapek-Choda. The film takes place in the 19th century when the Council of the imperial family is experiencing a transition from traditional social values to the new social order which it does not understand but must face up to.
 Niedźwiady [ɲed͡ʑˈvjadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Piz Curvér is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Range between Andeer and Savognin in the canton of Graubünden. With a height of 2972 metres (9751 ft) above sea level it is the highest point of the chain north of the pass Fuorcla Cotschna. On its eastern flank lies the holy pilgrimage site of Ziteil at 2434 metres (7986 ft) above sea level.
 That's All! is a 1966 live album by Sammy Davis Jr. recorded at the Sands Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip.
 Tycho is a prominent lunar impact crater located in the southern lunar highlands named after the Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe (1546–1601). To the south is the crater Street; to the east is Pictet and to the north-northeast is Sasserides. The surface around Tycho is replete with craters of various sizes many overlapping still older craters. Some of the smaller craters are secondary craters formed from larger chunks of ejecta from Tycho.
 Black Butte is a cinder cone butte located in Deschutes National Forest northwest of the town of Sisters Oregon. An extinct volcano it is composed of basaltic andesite. The cone rises 3076 feet (938 m) over the surrounding plateau. Black Butte is a striking feature just north of US Highway 20 which descends from the east flank of the Cascades. It is nearly symmetricalwith no marks of glaciation.
 To a Tee is a 2006 film written and directed by Matt Riddlehoover which has been described as “Annie Hall meets Will & Grace” [1]. The film's sharply edited theatrical trailer sparked much attention on the Web specifically on MySpace.
 The Fighting Men (Italian: Gli inesorabili) is a 1950 Italian film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque and Roberto Savarese.
 Church of Saint Anthony Abbot (Italian: Chiesa di Sant'Antonio Abate) is a Roman Catholic church in the town of Breno in the province of Brescia Lombardy northern Italy. The church contains fragments of Frescos on three walls around the chancel by Girolamo Romani in collaboration with Daniele Mori who also worked with him in Pisogne and Bienno.
 Interatherium is an extinct genus of Interatheriidae from the early Miocene.
 Pleurotomella demosia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Robert Barnwell Rhett Sr. (December 21 1800 – September 14 1876) was a United States secessionist politician from South Carolina. He owned the Charleston Mercury.
 Ira B. Bradford (June 24 1851 - September 1 1916) was an American lawyer banker and politician. He served as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly in the late 1880s and early 1900s.
 Gossip from the Forest is a novel by the Australian author Thomas Keneally which deals with the negotiations surrounding the ending of World War I.
 Clay is a 2008 British TV film drama directed by Andrew Gunn and starring Harry McEntire (Davie) and Ben Davies (Stephen Rose).The screenplay by Peter Tabern is based on the 1998 novel of the same name by David Almond.
 Knitting (Chinese: 牛郎织女; pinyin: Niú lán zhī nǔ) is a 2008 Chinese film directed by Yin Lichuan. Yin's second film as director Knitting is a romantic drama. The film was adapted by Yin from the short story The Story of Li Ai and Haihai by author Amei.The film premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival as part of the Directors' Fortnight on 21 May 2008.Though the film's setting is never stated Knitting was shot in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou.
 Michael W. Tryon is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 66th district since 2013. Previously Tryon represented the 64th district in the Illinois House of Representatives from 2005-2013 as well as served on the McHenry County Board from 1989 to 2004 and held the leadership position of County Board Chairman from 1998 to 2004.
 Close Enough for Love is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in 1986 by Atco Records.Williams writes in the liner notes: This is essentially a ‘live’ album. Our objective was to get real performances from both the orchestra and myself as opposed to the sometimes sterile perfection of countless overdubs and tracking sessions. To my amazement we used the first takes on most of the songs.
 Haupt's Mill Covered Bridge was a historic covered bridge located in Springfield Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. It crossed Durham Creek. Built in 1872 in the town truss style the bridge was 107 feet long and 15 feet wide.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1980. It was destroyed by arson in January 1985 and subsequently removed from the National Register of Historic Places.
 Victor George Carrington was an Australian administrator. He was the second and last Government Resident of Central Australia the short lived Territory of Australia which re-merged with the Territory of North Australia in 1931 to form the Northern Territory.
 Naked is the second studio album of American R&B artist Marques Houston a former member of the R&B group Immature/IMx. The album was released in the U.S. on May 24 2005 and is available as a clean version and a parental advisory version. The album sold up to 290000 copies.[citation needed]
 Harbine is a village in Jefferson County Nebraska United States. The population was 49 at the 2010 census.
 The Manhattan Hunt Club is a thriller horror novel by John Saul published by Ballantine Books on July 31 2001. The novel follows the story of Jeff Converse who is falsely convicted of a brutal crime and finds himself trapped in a secret society called the Manhattan Hunt Club.
 II & III is a 1986 album by musical group Camper Van Beethoven released on Pitch-a-Tent and Rough Trade. It was the band's second album.After releasing their debut album original drummer Anthony Guess left the band and guitarist Greg Lisher joined. With the band temporarily lacking a drummer guitarist Chris Molla played many of the drum parts on 'II & III' with singer/rhythm guitarist David Lowery playing some of the drum parts as well.
 William Thomas Horner Fox-Strangways 4th Earl of Ilchester FRS (7 May 1795 – 10 January 1865) styled The Honourable William Fox-Strangways until 1858 was a British diplomat and Whig politician. He served as Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs under Lord Melbourne from 1835 to 1840 and was Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the German Confederation from 1840 to 1849.
 The White House in Brentsville Virginia was built in 1822. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.It is significant as the finest example of Federal residential architecture in Brentsville Virginia and is probably the oldest surviving house in the village. It was first the home of a prominent widow and is believed to have been a social gathering place.The house is a two story Federal style gabled brick building with double chimneys at each end.
 Cache Col Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the east slope of Mix-up Peak. Cache Col Glacier retreated nearly 100 m (330 ft) between 1950 and 2005. Cache Col Glacier is 1 mi (1.6 km) northwest of Yawning Glacier.
 Geukensia demissa is a species of mussel a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Mytilidae the true mussels. This species is native to the Atlantic coast of North America. The common names for this species include ribbed mussel Atlantic ribbed marsh mussel and ribbed horsemussel. However the common name ribbed mussel is also used for the Southern Hemisphere mussel Aulacomya atra.The ribbed shells of this species usually attain a length of 10 cm length and can be as large as 13 cm.
 The Doldenhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Kandersteg in the Bernese Oberland. On its northern side is located Lake Oeschinen.
 Der brænder en ild is a 1962 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin.
 Bukkampatti (Tamil:புக்கம்பட்டி) is a Village Panchayat in Mecheri taluk in Salem district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Jenny Carter (born December 26 1931) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. She was a New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 1995 and served as a cabinet minister in the government of Bob Rae.
 Boxing in Barrels is a silent film written and released by Lubin Studios in 1901. It features a man and a clown boxing in a barrel.
 Synechodes is a genus of moths in the Brachodidae family.
 The River Ray is a river in Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire England. It rises at Quainton Hill and flows west through a flat countryside for around 25 km or 15 miles. It passes the village of Ambrosden and then flows through Otmoor. It joins the River Cherwell near Islip.In 1815 a new channel was cut between Charlton-on-Otmoor and Oddington known as the New River Ray to divert much of the water flow around the northern and southern edge of Otmoor.
 Jegurupadu (Telugu: జేగురుపాడు) is a village near mandal headquarters Kadiam Rajahmundry in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh India.
 La Venexiana (The Venetian Girl) is an anonymous Italian comedy in five acts from 1535-1537. The comedy plays on the dialects of Tuscany Venice and Bergamo. It was filmed as an erotic comedy La Venexiana (film) in 1986.
 Under Nevada Skies is a 1946 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 Dr. Kildare's Victory is a 1942 film directed by W. S. Van Dyke. It stars Lew Ayres and Lionel Barrymore. This was the tenth and last of the Dr. Kildare movie series.
 Desecration: Antichrist Takes the Throne is the ninth book in the Left Behind series. It was published on Tuesday October 30 2001 by Tyndale House. It was on The New York Times Best Seller List for 19 weeks and was the best selling novel in the world in 2001. It takes place 42–43 months into the Tribulation and 25 days to a month into the Great Tribulation.
 Subterranean Jungle is the seventh studio album by the American punk rock band the Ramones released by Sire Records in February 1983. The album appealed to a hardcore punk rock style rather than featuring several pop oriented pieces; this is due to the fact that guitarist Johnny Ramone received more leeway with steering the overall genre with his hard rock influenced riffs.
 The Vazhinka River (Russian: Важинка) is a river in Prionezhsky and Pryazhinsky Districts of the Republic of Karelia and in Podporozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast Russia a right tributary of the Svir. The urban-type settlement of Vazhiny is located in its mouth. It is 123 kilometres (76 mi) long and the area of its basin 2200 square kilometres (850 sq mi).
 Kamalabad (Persian: كمال اباد‎ also Romanized as Kamālābād) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Red Iron Nights is the sixth novel in Glen Cook's ongoing Garrett P.I. series. The series combines elements of mystery and fantasy as it follows the adventures of private investigator Garrett.
 Cohen House is a historic home located at Petersburg Virginia. The original building was built in 1851. It has evolved into a three-story three bay Second Empire style brick dwelling. It has a tall mansard roof with decorative slate shingles added during a major remodeling in 1897-1898.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Krzysztof Stefan Wójcik [kʐɨʂtɔf stɛfan vujt͡sik] (born October 16 1958 in Bytom Poland) is a Polish politician teacher president of Bytom from 1998 to 2006.
 Mesh & Lace is the debut studio album by English post-punk band Modern English. It was released on 6 April 1981 through record label 4AD.
 Adhipan is a 1989 Malayalam film written by Jagadeesh and directed by K. Madhu with Mohanlal and Parvathy in the lead roles.
 Coatbridge Library is a public library in Coatbridge North Lanarkshire Scotland. The building was designed by Alexander Cullen and built in 1905. It is a Carnegie library; its construction was financed by money donated by the Scottish-American entrepreneur Andrew Carnegie. Carnegie officially opened the library on 7 June 1906 in person; he received the ceremonial freedom of burgh of Coatbridge in return.The building was category B listed by Historic Scotland in 1993.
 The Southern Fulmar (Fulmarus glacialoides) is a seabird of the Southern Hemisphere. Along with the Northern Fulmar F. glacialis it belongs to the fulmar genus Fulmarus in the family Procellariidae the true petrels. It is also known as the Antarctic Fulmar or Silver-grey Fulmar.It is largely pale grey above and white below with a distinctive white patch on the wing. It breeds on the coast of Antarctica and on surrounding islands moving north in winter.
 Mizhikal Sakshi (Malayalam: മിഴികൾ സാക്ഷി) is a 2008 Malayalam film. It is directed by Ashok R. Nath and stars Sukumari and Mohanlal.
 Sir William Peel KCMG KBE (Chinese name: 貝璐 27 February 1875 – 24 February 1945) was a British colonial administrator who became the Governor of Hong Kong.
 Absolutely Freak Out (Zap Your Mind!!) is an album by the Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released in 2001. It is a double album featuring four tracks on each disc.The album was recorded at Acid Mothers Temple from May to July 2000.
 Markova Crkva is a village situated in Lajkovac municipality in Serbia.
 Fragum is a genus of cockles marine bivalve molluscs in the family Cardiidae. Members of the genus have characteristic thick sculptured shells and live buried in sand extending their siphons to the surface to feed and breathe. They are found in the Indo-Pacific region and the Red Sea.
 The Anambra Waxbill (Estrilda poliopareia) is a species of estrildid finch found in wetter land of southern Nigeria. It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of 38000 km².
 Periclimenes pholeter is a species of shrimp belonging to the family Palaemonidae. The species is closes to Periclimenes indicus P. obscurus and P. toloensis resembling these species in the presence of an epigastric tooth on the carapace the shape of the abdomen the spinulation of the carapace and the unarmed fingers of the first chelipeds. P. pholeter most resembles P. indicus by the elongatecarpus and long fingers of the second pereiopods differing in these features from P.
 Towards The End Of The Morning is a 1967 satirical novel by Michael Frayn about journalists working on a British newspaper during the heyday of Fleet Street. Its protagonists work to compile the miscellaneous unimportant parts of the newspaper - the nature notes column the religious thought for the day the crossword and so on. The paper seems sunk in a state of torpor and the journalists' work is extremely dull.
 The Șaru River is a tributary of the Sabar River in Romania.
 The Jahrbuch für Forschungen zur Geschichte der Arbeiterbewegung (Yearbook on Labour History) is a triannual academic journal covering the history of German and international labour and other social movements.Each issue has a main section of historical essays dealing with a variety of subjects such as the history of women's liberation social movements in general or the antifascist resistance movements in Germany and Europe.
 Beinn a' Chaolais (Gaelic: mountain of the sound or strait) is the lowest peak of the Paps of Jura on the island of Jura Scotland. It stands at 733 metres above sea level and with over 300 metres of relative height is therefore a Graham.
 Checkpoint is a 1956 British crime drama film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Anthony Steel Odile Versois Stanley Baker and James Robertson Justice.
 This article is about the hospital in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. For the hospital in Victoria British Columbia Canada see Victoria General Hospital.Victoria General Hospital is a general hospital in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada founded in 1911. Originally it was located in the Osborne Village but since 1971 it has been in its present location in south Winnipeg beside the University of Manitoba. Today it is a community hospital with 231 beds and employs more than 1200 people.
 Apocalyptic Love is the second studio album by former Guns N' Roses lead guitarist Slash. The album features Slash's band consisting of vocalist Myles Kennedy bassist Todd Kerns and drummer Brent Fitz (collectively referred to as Myles Kennedy and The Conspirators). Produced by Eric Valentine it was released on May 22 2012.
 The Tower of Babble: Sins Secrets and Successes inside the CBC is a Canadian non-fiction book written by Richard Stursberg. The book is a memoir detailing Stursberg's experience as the vice-president in charge of English services at the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) between October 2004 and August 2010.
 The Cutler River is a stream located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. Approximately 1.8 miles (2.9 km) in length it is a tributary of the Ellis River – a part of the Saco River watershed flowing to the Atlantic Ocean in Maine.The river rises as two branches on the eastern slopes of Mount Washington the highest peak in the northeastern United States. The western branch identified as the main stem by some sources begins in Tuckerman Ravine.
 The Dumbrăvița River is a tributary of the Lisa River in Romania.
 Koriki Jojima (城島光力 Jōjima Kōriki 1 January 1947) is a Japanese politician and the Japan's former minister of finance who was in office from 1 October to 26 December 2012.
 Przeździęk Wielki [ˈpʂɛʑd͡ʑɛnk ˈvjɛlki] (German: Gross Przesdienk 1900-45:Gross Dankheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wielbark 24 km (15 mi) south of Szczytno and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Folk-Lore was released in 2002 by Celtic metal band Cruachan.
 Sir Peter Malden Studd GBE KCVO MA DSc DL - (September 15 1916 – 2003) was an English cricketer and the 643rd Lord Mayor of London.
 Anhonee is a 1952 Bollywood psychological drama film directed by K. A. Abbas. The film stars Nargis in a dual role alongside Raj Kapoor in the lead supported by Achla Sachdev Om Prakash Agha and David Abraham in other prominent roles. The film had music composed by Roshan while lyrics were written by Ali Sardar Jafri. Nargis was highly appreciated for enacting a dual role and her performance garnered critical acclaim.
 Death of a Hollow Man is a work of detective fiction by Caroline Graham the second in her Chief Inspector Barnaby series which has been adapted into the successful ITV drama Midsomer Murders.
 The 101st Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1 and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This date was January 4 1921 which was two weeks before the beginning of the first administrative year of Governor William D. Denney and J. Danforth Bush as Lieutenant Governor.
 The Wick is a house in Richmond Greater London located at the corner of Nightingale Lane and Richmond Hill in Surrey. The house was at one time owned by actor Sir John Mills who used it as his family home for many years. Ronnie Wood of The Rolling Stones bought the house from Mills in June 1971. The house is currently owned by Pete Townshend principal songwriter and musician of The Who.
 Womenomics: Write Your Own Rules for Success is a non-fiction book written by ABC News' Good Morning America senior national correspondent Claire Shipman and BBC World News America Washington correspondent Katty Kay that was published by Harper Collins on June 2 2009.Additionally the term Womenomics applies to a concept Shipman and Kay have termed for what they see as an upcoming paradigm shift in the way individuals and companies approach work due to an increase in value of women in the workforce and changing attitudes of women towards priorities of balancing work and personal life.
 Mansart is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 95 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Mansart is named for the French architect Jules Hardouin-Mansart who lived from 1646 to 1708.
 The Jidanul River or Capra River or Râul Jidanului is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania.
 Staniszewo [staniˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kaneshkin (Persian: كنشكين‎ also Romanized as Kaneshkīn Kaneshgīn and Kanishkīn; also known as Kereshkin Kashgīn and Kīshkīn) is a village in Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1705 in 387 families.
 Cover Songs is an UK bootleg released on black and colored vinyl in 2010. Wrap-round sleeve. The album contains covers of songs by bands from the 1970s and 1980s.
 Stoppelberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Wesley Brethren Church is an historic church in Wesley Texas United States. The church was built in 1866. It was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1966 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The church is mostly built with hand cut native logs. Directly above the doors is a hand painted sign bearing the message: JA JSEM TA CESTA I PRAVDA I ZIVOT SLOVA JEZISEKRISTA meaning I am the way the truth and the light the words of Jesus Christ in Czech.
 Memorial Town Hall is the historic town hall of Monson Massachusetts. Located on Main Street on land donated by the local prominent Reynolds family the High Victorian Gothic stone building was constructed in 1885 to a design by George Potter.
 Wells County Courthouse in Fessenden North Dakota is a Queen Anne style building from 1895. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Bridge of Sighs is a famous poem of 1844 by Thomas Hood concerning the suicide of a homeless young woman who threw herself from Waterloo Bridge in London.Although Thomas Hood (1799–1845) is usually regarded as a humorous poet towards the end of his life when he was on his sick bed he wrote a number of poems commenting on contemporary poverty. These included The Song of the Shirt The Bridge of Sighs and The Song of the Labourer.
 Enijärvi is a lake of Finland. It is located near the town of Kemijärvi in the Lapland region in northern Finland. The lake is part of Kemijoki basin.
 Englishman Bay is a bay in Washington County Maine.The bay is located between the towns of Roque Bluffs and Jonesport.It is separated from Chandler Bay to the southwest by Roque Island and Great Spruce Island.The bay extends roughly 8 mi. (13 km) and is 3 mi. (5 km) at its widest.
 Amphibamus is a genus of amphibamid temnospondyl amphibian from the Carboniferous (middle Pennsylvanian) of Europe and North America. This animal is considered to have been close to the ancestry of modern amphibians. Its length was about 20 cm.
 William Smith was an eighteenth and nineteenth century congressman from Virginia.Born in Chesterfield Virginia Smith completed preparatory studies and was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates in 1782. He was elected a Democratic-Republican Crawford Republican and Jacksonian to the United States House of Representatives in 1820 serving from 1821 to 1827.
 The Javan elephant (Elephas maximus sondaicus) is an critically endangered subspecies of the Asian elephant native to the island of Java with the last surviving members found on the island of Borneo after they were introduced there saving the subspecies from extinction. It is often considered a synonym of Elephas maximus sumatranus the Sumatran elephant.
 The Jerico River is a 12.8-mile-long (20.6 km) river on the Atlantic coastal plain in the U.S. state of Georgia. It serves as the boundary between Bryan and Liberty counties for its entire length.It rises at the juncture of Jerico Creek and Mount Hope Creek 12 miles (19 km) east of Hinesville and winds through salt marshes and under Interstate 95 ending at its junction with the Laurel View and Belfast rivers two tidal channels that extend to the Medway River an arm of the Atlantic Ocean.
 Aenictes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Rising Generation is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Harley Knoles and George Dewhurst and starring Alice Joyce Jameson Thomas and Robin Irvine. It was based on a play by Laura Leycester. A couple masquerade as servants.
 Tit-e Sofla (Persian: تيت سفلي‎ also Romanized as Tīt-e Soflá; also known as Tīt-e Pā'īn) is a village in Alan Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Live July 5th 1995 is a video by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow it was recorded live at in Mainz Germany and features former live members Reiko A. and Bara. It was released on VHS in both PAL and NTSC formats.
 Los Locos also known as Los Locos: Posse Rides Again is a 1997 Western film written by and starring Mario Van Peebles. It was directed by Jean-Marc Vallée and also stars Melora Walters René Auberjonois and Danny Trejo.
 James Edgar Walker (July 21 1911 – April 19 1989) was a Canadian politician.Born in Vegreville Alberta he attended the University of Alberta. After working as an insurance agent he was transferred to Ontario in 1939 by the farm equipment company he was working for at the time. During World War II he was a corporal with the Royal Canadian Electrical and Mechanical Engineers. After the war he worked in Toronto eventually starting his own insurance firm James Walker Insurance Co.
 The Hölloch is a 200.4 kilometres (124.5 mi) long cave in the Muotathal municipality in Switzerland. It is also notable for having a depth of 938.6 metres (3079 ft) and being the second longest cave in Europe. The initial exploration started in 1875 and was led by Alois Ulrich. A large part of the exploration of this cave was led by one of the pioneers of speleology Alfred Bögli.
 Trebnitz is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Gems is a compilation album released by Aerosmith in 1988 (see 1988 in music) under the label Columbia. It was the first compilation of studio material since 1980's Greatest Hits. Concentrating mainly on heavier material than the radio-friendly singles output on Greatest Hits the album is noted for the inclusion of the 1978 studio version of Chip Away The Stone - previously released only as the B-side to the 1978 single Come Together.
 The Apostle is a 1997 American drama film written and directed by Robert Duvall who stars in the title role. John Beasley Farrah Fawcett Billy Bob Thornton June Carter Cash Miranda Richardson and Billy Joe Shaver also appear.
 Changali Wala is a village in Sub division Lehragaga in Sangrur district in the state of Punjab. It is located 40 km to the south of District headquarters Sangrur 149 km from State capital Chandigarh. The Village was Founded by Late. Numberdar Kartar Singh Before the Name of village was Kartarpura later it was renamed Changali Wala because of many people of this village was arrived from Changal a Village in District Sangrur
 Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter (also known as Friday the 13th Part IV or Friday the 13th Part IV: The Final Chapter) is a 1984 slasher film. It is the fourth film in the Friday the 13th film series. Though it was billed as The Final Chapter there have been many further sequels in the franchise. The popularity and financial success of the film which grossed over $32 million kept Paramount Pictures from retiring the franchise.
 Esmailabad (Persian: اسماعيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 450 in 89 families.
 Saqandin Kola (Persian: سقندين كلا‎ also Romanized as Saqandīn Kolā; also known as Saqandī Kolā Soqondī Kalā Soqondī Kolā and Sugundun) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 95 families.
 South Atlantic Raiders is a two-part 1990 comedy film made for British television as part of The Comic Strip Presents... series and was originally broadcast on BBC 2. It is a satire of the Falklands War.
 Dulcie and Decorum is a science fiction short story written by Damon Knight. It first appeared in the March 1955 issue of Galaxy Science Fiction. In 1969 it was reprinted by Gollancz in the collection Off Centre.The title is a play on the first words of Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori the Latin phrase meaning It is sweet and fitting to die for one's country.
 Cudgegong River a perennial stream that is part of the Macquarie catchment within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the central western and Orana districts of New South Wales Australia.
 The Opat River is a tributary of the Cârţişoara river in Romania.
 Amphia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Cheshmeh Balutak (Persian: چشمه بلوطك‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Balūţak) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 12 families.
 Herbert Bealey Adshead (October 17 1862 – May 2 1932) was a farmer author and a municipal and federal level politician from Canada.
 Gen. John G. Weaver House is a historic home located at Utica in Oneida County New York. It was built about 1815 and is a massive 2-story brick hip roofed double pile building in the Federal style. It is composed of a 2-story five-by-four-bay rectangular main block with a 2-story gable-roofed rear wing. It is believed that the home was designed by Philip Hooker or someone strongly influenced by his work.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 III is the third album released by the R&B band The S.O.S. Band on the Tabu label in November 1982. It was produced by Ricky Sylvers and Gene Dozier.
 Tridrepana flava is a moth of the Drepanidae family. It is found in the north-eastern parts of the Himalaya Taiwan Sundaland and Sulawesi.The larvae feed on the leaves of Eurya japonica. Mature larvae curl a leaf margin and fix it with silk to pupate inside.
 Auricula Meretricula is a modern play based upon the works of the Ancient Roman playwrights Plautus and Terence. Written by Ann Cumming and Mary Whitlock Blundell in 1981 it was made as a play for first-year Latin students. The authors' main goal in writing the play was to aid in their teaching of the Latin course which revolved primarily around the efficient but dull Wheelock's Latin Grammar.
 Yummy Fur (1983–1994) was a comic book by Canadian cartoonist Chester Brown. It contained a number of different comics stories which dealt with a wide variety of subjects.
 Kalabak (Halabak) Albanian: Maja e Kallabakut is a mountain belonging to the Šar Mountains located in Albania and Kosovo. Kalabak's height is 2174 m (7133 ft)[citation needed] above sea level and is located near the southern tip of Kosovo. Kalabak and its surroundings are treeless so it is an ideal places for shepherds to raise their sheep and the Šarplaninac as the protector.
 Sunndalsfjorden (or just Sunndalsfjord) is a fjord in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 17-kilometre (11 mi) long Sunndalsfjorden comprises the southern end of the main Tingvollfjorden. It begins at the Ballsneset peninsula at the municipal boundary of Sunndal and extends south to the village of Sunndalsøra. Other villages along the fjord include Jordalsgrenda and Øksendalsøra.
 Falsimargarita georgiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 These Waters is an EP by British singer-songwriter Ben Howard. It was released on 7 July 2009 as a digital download and on CD but is no longer available for purchase. The songs on the EP were written by Howard and produced by Dan Gautreau except for Cloud Nine which was produced by Patch Rowland. The cover art was designed by Owen Tozer based on paintings by Carole Hodgson. Early releases of the EP included a limited edition Quiksilver/Surfers Against Sewage t-shirt and screen print.
 Swaps (March 1 1952 – November 1972) was a California bred American thoroughbred racehorse. He was the son of Khaled a stallion imported from the Aga Khan's stud in Europe. Swaps is a descendant of Man o' War through his dam Iron Reward a granddaughter of the Triple Crown winner War Admiral. In the list of the top 100 U.S. thoroughbred champions of the 20th Century by Blood-Horse magazine Swaps ranks 20th.
 Laurentian's Atoll released on November 19 2007 is an EP by *shels.
 Lawrence Henry Larry Summers (born November 30 1954) is an American economist who is President Emeritus and Charles W. Eliot University Professor of Harvard University.Born in New Haven Connecticut Summers became a professor of economics at Harvard University in 1983. He left Harvard in 1991 working as the Chief Economist at the World Bank from 1991 to 1993.
 Paradise (named Big Fun in the US) is the debut album by Detroit-based house music duo Inner City released in 1989. The album was a great success in the UK and in US clubs and was one of the first house music albums to cross over to the mainstream charts particularly in Europe. Group member Kevin Saunderson (along with Juan Atkins who produced one track) is renowned as one of the originators the Detroit techno sound.
 Church of the Good Shepherd and Parish House is a historic church at 155 Wyllys Street in Hartford Connecticut. It was commissioned by Elizabeth Jarvis Colt the widow of Samuel Colt. The buildings were designed by Edward Tuckerman Potter. The church was built in 1867 and the parish house completed in 1896. The church was built as a memorial to Samuel Colt who died in 1862 and three of his children who died in infancy.
 John Henry Sununu (born July 2 1939) served as the 75th Governor of New Hampshire (1983–89) and later White House Chief of Staff under President George H. W. Bush. He is the father of John E. Sununu a former senator from New Hampshire. Sununu was the chairman of the New Hampshire Republican Party from 2009 to 2011.
 Ocenebra chavesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Shreepur is a Village Development Committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7666 people residing in 1472 individual households.
 The Plain Softtail (Thripophaga fusciceps) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 The Aiguille Blanche de Peuterey (4112 m) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif in Italy. It is considered the most difficult and serious of the alpine 4000-m mountains.There are three tops to the mountain:Pointe Güssfeldt (4112 m)Pointe Seymour King (4107 m)Pointe Jones (4104 m)The three tops are named after Paul Güssfeldt Henry Seymour King and Humphrey Owen Jones.
 For the Italian island see LampedusaLampedusa is a genus of small very elongate air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae the door snails all of which have a clausilium.
 The Lost Chapters is an album released by West-Coast rapper Mr. Capone-E in 2009. The album contains songs that did not make the album Diary of a G.
 Augraben is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 NOON is a literary annual founded in 2000 by American author Diane Williams. The 10th Anniversary Edition launched March 2009.NOON publishes fiction and occasional essays. A full table of contents including back issues is available on the NOON website.
 A Killer in the Family is a 1983 American made-for-TV crime film directed by Richard T. Heffron. The film is based on the Tison v. Arizona case which took place in 1978 in Arizona. The film first aired on ABC and was released on DVD in 2010 by Warner Home Video.
 The Problems of Philosophy (1912) is one of Bertrand Russell's attempts to create a brief and accessible guide to the problems of philosophy. Focusing on problems he believes will provoke positive and constructive discussion Russell concentrates on knowledge rather than metaphysics: If it is uncertain that external objects exist how can we then have knowledge of them but by probability.
 Twin Maples is an estate in Summit Union County New Jersey United States listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and the National Register of Historic Places. Twin Maples was built in 1908 designed by a well-known New York and Montclair architect Alfred F. Norris who designed the home in the neoclassical style with a facade dominated by a full-height porch supported by classical columns.
 The Washington Report on Middle East Affairs (also known as The Washington Report and WRMEA) magazine published nine times per year in Washington D.C. focuses on news and analysis from and about the Middle East and U.S. policy in that region. The New York Times has characterized it as critical of United States policies in the Middle East.
 The Tour La Villette (previously known as the Tour Daewoo Tour Périphérique and Tour Olympe) is an office skyscraper located in Aubervilliers in the inner suburbs of Paris France. Built in 1974 and with a height of 125 meters the tower has been renovated in the 1990s. It is built at Porte de la Villette nearby Paris périphérique and hosted the European headquarters of the Korean automotive corporation Daewoo.
 Erdemli is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 The Queen of Hearts (French: La reine des pommes) is a 2009 film directed by Valérie Donzelli. It was presented at the Locarno International Film Festival for the Filmmakers of the Present Competition.
 Eupithecia impavida is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is widespread ranging from the western Himalayas through southern and central China to Japan.
 Politics is Sébastien Tellier's second album released in 2004. It features prominent drumming provided by Tony Allen. The songs are sung in English German and Spanish.
 Free Speech is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1969 and released on the Atlantic label.
 No Time for Comedy is a 1940 comedy-drama film based on the play of the same name by S. N. Behrman starring James Stewart Rosalind Russell Genevieve Tobin and Charles Ruggles.
 The Andrade River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Ba Cho (Burmese: ဘချို pronounced: [ba̰ tɕʰò]; 24 April 1893 – 19 July 1947) was a Burmese newspaper publisher and politician who served as the Minister of Information in Myanmar's pre-independence government. Ba Cho and six other cabinet ministers (including Prime Minister Aung San) were assassinated on 19 July 1947 in Yangon. July 19 is commemorated each year as the Martyrs' Day in Myanmar.Ba Cho was also president of Trade Union Congress of Burma.
 After January is a play by Australian playwright Philip Dean adapted from Nick Earls' novel. It was first performed at La Boite Theatre in 2000. It is published by Currency Press.
 The Hoher Ifen (also Hochifen) is a 2230 metre (according to German survey: 2229 m) high mountain in the Allgäu Alps west of the Kleinwalsertal valley. In winter it forms the backdrop for a small ski area. It lies on the border between Germany and Austria.
 Current Issues in Intestinal Microbiology (CIIM Curr. Iss. Intest. Microbiol.) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes high quality review papers on all aspects of intestinal microbiology and probiotics. Top quality original research papers and short communications are also considered for publication. The journal is published by Horizon Scientific Press from Norfolk UK.Full content of all articles are freely available online. A print edition of the journal is also available.
 Sunnydale High Yearbook is a tie-in book based on the United States television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. In the series the closing shot of the episode Graduation Day Part Two shows the fictional yearbook this tie-in was modeled after.
 The Enchantress: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicolas Flamel (often shortened to The Enchantress) is the final novel in the six book series The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel. It was written by Irish author Michael Scott and was published by Random House Inc.
 The Flex-Able Leftovers album released on November 10 1998 on Sony Records contains five bonus tracks and is quite different from the original Flex-Able Leftovers EP. Unlike Steve Vai's other albums which are mostly instrumental almost all copies of Flex-Able Leftovers feature a Parental Advisory label as a result of the song Fuck Yourself containing multiple profanities and sexual references.
 Expert Opinion on Medical Diagnostics was a peer-reviewed medical journal publishing review articles on all aspects of medical diagnostics for early disease diagnosis therapy selection patient recruitment into clinical trials predicting predisposition to disease and information for the design of new treatments. Each review included an expert opinion section in which authors were asked to provide their personal view on the current status and future direction of the research discussed.
 Danilo Medina Sánchez (born November 10 1951) is a Dominican politician and the current President of the Dominican Republic since 2012. Medina previously served as Dominican Secretary of State to the President from 1996 to 1999 and from 2004 to 2006 and is a member of the Dominican Liberation Party (PLD). He won the May 2012 Dominican presidential election defeating Hipolito Mejía with 51% of the votes.
 Les Chansones Populaires is the third studio album by the Serbian/Yugoslavian new wave band Električni orgazam. It was released in 1983 by Jugoton. The album contains nine covers of popular English language songs.
 Santa Maria di Nazareth is a Roman Catholic Carmelite church also called Church of the Scalzi (Chiesa degli Scalzi) being it the seat in Venice of the Discalced Carmelites religious order (Scalzi in Italian means barefoot). It is located in the sestiere of Cannaregio near Venezia Santa Lucia railway station.
 Necydalopsini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the following genera: Abaiba Austronecydalopsis Eucharassus Lissozodes Necydalopsis Ozodes Parepimelitta Piruapsis Saltanecydalopsis Sthelenus↑
 The Dom-Hotel is a 5-Star Hotel in Cologne Germany located on Roncalliplatz in Innenstadt. The hotel is named after Cologne Cathedral (the Dom) which is its direct neighbour. The hotels is one of the oldest grand hotels in Europe; its location and history make it one of the city's most prominent buildings.
 Primnoa is a genus of cnidarians.
 Of Course Of Course is the second album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd released on the Columbia label featuring performances by Lloyd with Gabor Szabo Ron Carter and Tony Williams. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow and Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars and states Whether on tenor or flute Lloyd was quickly coming into his own as an original voice and this underrated set is a minor classic.
 Owghan (Persian: اوغان‎ also Romanized as Owghān; also known as Owqān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1600 in 360 families.
 Charles H. Grisbaum Jr. (born 1936) is the retired chief judge of the Louisiana Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals located at Gretna in Jefferson Parish in the New Orleans suburbs. Grisbaum's last term expired on December 31 2002.The court was created by Act 3 of the 1981 regular legislative session and the enabling legislation was signed by Republican Governor David C. Treen. The Fifth Circuit is composed of these four parishes: Jefferson St. Charles St. James and St.
 The Oatman Filling Station is located in Eau Claire Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 St. Vincent is the self-titled fourth studio album by American musician St. Vincent. It was released on February 24 2014 in the United Kingdom and February 25 in the United States through Loma Vista and Republic Records.The album which was produced by John Congleton features collaborations from Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings drummer Homer Steinweiss and Midlake drummer McKenzie Smith.
 Just Dropped In is a 1919 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Werewolves on Wheels is a 1971 American exploitation film that blends two genres: the outlaw biker film and the traditional horror movie.
 George and Addison Wheeler House also known as Old Place is a historic home located at East Bloomfield in Ontario County New York. The Greek Revival–style home was built in two sections in about 1818 and 1840. The 2-story main block from 1840 features a temple front with a massive pedimented portico. Behind it stands a 1 1⁄2-story wing that was the original saltbox-style home constructed about 1818. Also on the property is a 19th-century barn / carriage house and a small family cemetery.
 Carrie Glacier is located on Mount Carrie and Mount Fairchild in the Olympic Mountains of Olympic National Park. Starting at an elevation of about 6800 feet (2100 m) the glacier descends northward but the ice soon reaches a cliff. Part of the Carrie Glacier plunges over the steep rockwall contributing ice to an adjacent glacier while the other section flows north-northeast avoiding the precipitous drop.
 Rutajärvi is a medium-sized lake in Joutsa municipality next to the Leivonmäki National Park in Central Finland region. The western shores of the lake are included to the park.
 Hi-Ho Mistahey! is a 2013 National Film Board of Canada feature documentary film by Alanis Obomsawin that profiles Shannen's Dream an activist campaign first launched by Shannen Koostachin a Cree teenager from Attawapiskat to lobby for improved educational opportunities for First Nations youth.The film premiered on September 7 2013 at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Suburban Souls: The Erotic Psychology of a Man and a Maid is an anonymous erotic novel in three volumes originally printed and published in Paris in one hundred and fifty copies in 1901 for distribution amongst private subscribers only.
 Ten Years of Gold is a compilation album by Kenny Rogers issued in 1978.
 Stephen Grover Cleveland (March 18 1837 – June 24 1908) was the 22nd and 24th President of the United States; as such he is the only president to serve two non-consecutive terms (1885–1889 and 1893–1897) and to be counted twice in the numbering of the presidents.
 Kata (Persian: كتا‎ also Romanized as Katā) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 97 families.
 Iris Zero (Japanese: アイリス・ゼロ Hepburn: Airisu Zero) is a Japanese manga by Takana Hotaru with scenario by Piroshiki following the daily life of a boy who lives in a society where almost all people his age have supernatural powers in their eyes (called Iris) and as the sole student of the school who has no Iris at all he must make use of his intellect to help his friends and tackle those who discriminate him for it.
 The bi-monthly Forum Mleczarskie Handel is the oldest Polish business magazine about the dairy products trade. The title was the forerunner of a new kind of trade magazines focusing on category managers (purchasers and sellers) in the modern fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) wholesale and retail trade in Poland. The title is quoted frequently by other Polish media.
 Peter Pan is a 2003 fantasy film released by Universal Pictures Columbia Pictures and Revolution Studios. P. J. Hogan directed a screenplay co-written with Michael Goldenberg which is based on the classic play and novel by J. M. Barrie. Jason Isaacs plays the roles of Captain Hook and George Darling Olivia Williams plays Mrs. Darling while Jeremy Sumpter plays Peter Pan Rachel Hurd-Wood portrays Wendy Darling and Ludivine Sagnier plays Tinker Bell.
 Bebearia carshena the Shining Blue Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo (Ubangi Uele north Kivu Tshopo Equateur and Lualaba) western Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of dense forests.The larvae feed on Maranthochloa species.
 Pomarzanowice [pɔmaʐanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Pobiedziska and 28 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Roosevelt School was constructed in 1905 as an elementary school for grades first through sixth. The school was built primarily to service the needs of families in the city center. Initially two grades shared each class room and on occasion the school would handle overflow from the high school. Due to growth in Coeur d'Alene in the 1945 the school began serving only grades first through fourth.
 Hymn to the Immortal Wind is the fifth studio album by Japanese post-rock band Mono released 24 March 2009 on Temporary Residence Limited.The album was recorded and mixed in June and November 2008 at the Electrical Audio Recording Studios Chicago Illinois by Steve Albini. A music video for Follow the Map was released to promote the album. This is a concept album and there is a short story enclosed with the CD to go along with the music.
 Miechy [ˈmjɛxɨ] (German Mniechen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłki within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Miłki 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Giżycko and 95 km (59 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Parapalos (English: Pin Boy) is a 2004 Argentine and Belgian film directed by Ana Poliak and written by Poliak and Santiago Loza.
 Sindhnur (Rural) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sindhnur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka.
 Phú Xuân is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Phú Tân District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 City Harbor is the eponymously titled debut studio album from Christian contemporary duo City Harbor. The album was released on February 4 2014 by Sparrow Records. The producers are Matt Bronleewe David Garcia Ben Glover. This album has attained positive reception by music critics and commercial successes.
 John D. Thompson Jr. is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 Boroviće is a village in the municipality of Raška Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 177 people.
 Rufus Wilson Complex is a group of historic buildings located at Clear Spring Washington County Maryland United States. The property includes a complex of mid-late 19th century buildings which create the center of a small rural settlement named Conococheague located on the National Road. The main house is a large brick dwelling with a mansard roof.
 Practical Wireless is a British radio and electronics magazine now published monthly by PW Publishing of Broadstone Dorset. The current editor (2013) is Don Field G3XTT.The magazine was founded in 1932 (as a supplement) by FJ Camm (brother of Sydney Camm) of George Newnes Publishers. It became an independent weekly in that year then monthly in 1940 (due to wartime paper shortages). Camm was editor until his death in 1959: it was often referred to affectionately as 'Camm's comic'.
 Yannis (or Giannis) Stournaras (Greek: Γιάννης Στουρνάρας born in Athens Greece on 10 December 1956) is a Greek economist who has been the Greek Minister of Finance since July 5 2012 and is on the Board of Governors of the International Monetary Fund.Stournaras is a graduate of the Finance Faculty of the University of Athens and has an MSc and PhD in Economic Theory and Policy from Oxford University.
 Genista Cave 4 is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The Greek Orthodox Cathedral of the Annunciation is a church of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America located in Baltimore Maryland. It is the oldest of all the 18 Greek Orthodox parishes in Maryland. The Cathedral is an important center of Greek American culture in Baltimore and hosts an annual Greek Food Festival.
 The National Biscuit Company Building also known as National Biscuit Company Flats is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. The heavy timber and masonry building was the first substantial structure built on 10th Street when it opened in 1906. In 1995 the building was converted into a 54-unit apartment building. The neighboring Herring Motor Car Company Building has also been converted into loft apartments.
 Avaneeswaram is a small village located on Kunnicode-Pathanapuram road in Kollam district Kerala. It is about 7 kilometers south of Pathanapuram town and 36 kilometers from Kollam. It is a part of Vilakkudy panchayat. Avaneeswaram has a FCI (Food corporation of India) storage facility. The nearest Railway Station is Avaneewaram Railway Station. It is connected to Kollam by Kollam- Punalur Broadgauge railway line.
 Steam of Life (Finnish: Miesten vuoro) is a Finnish documentary film about male saunas directed by Joonas Berghäll and Mika Hotakainen. The movie was produced by Joonas Berghäll. It opened theatrically in New York City on July 30 2010 and opened in Los Angeles on August 6 2010 at the 14th Annual DocuWeeks.It was selected as the Finnish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist.
 Kokatnoor is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Athni taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 The Pale-eyed Thrush (Turdus leucops) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family. Its genus is controversial. Some taxonomists place this species in the genus Platycichla based on morphology. The SACC places it in the genus Turdus.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Guyana Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Ahn Deok-su (Korean: 안덕수 born 26 January 1946) is a South Korean politician who serves as a member of the National Assembly for the Saenuri Party.
 The Carolinas Aviation Museum is an aviation museum on the grounds of Charlotte/Douglas International Airport in Charlotte North Carolina. The mission of the Museum is to educate the public about the importance of aviation to our society and inspire the next generation to excel academically in the areas of math science and history through the preservation of our aviation heritage.
 Badljevica is a village in the municipality of Smederevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 439 people.
 Emamzadeh Mahmud (Persian: امامزاده محمود‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Maḥmūd) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 The Vizma River is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania.
 Incheh Darrehsi (Persian: اينچه دره سي‎ also Romanized as Īncheh Darrehsī and Īncheh Darrahsī) is a village in Gejlarat-e Sharqi Rural District Aras District Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 17 families.
 Charlotte's Web is a children's novel by American author E. B. White and illustrated by Garth Williams; it was published in 1952 by Harper & Brothers. The novel tells the story of a pig named Wilbur and his friendship with a barn spider named Charlotte.
 Maximum Velocity (V-Max) (Italian: Velocità massima) is a 2002 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Vicari. It entered the competition at the 59th Venice International Film Festival.For this film Vicari won the 2003 David di Donatello for best new director. The film also won two Nastro d'Argento Awards for best producer and best editing.
 Tapejaridae (meaning the old beings) are a family of pterodactyloid pterosaurs from the early Cretaceous period. Members are currently known from Brazil Morocco Spain and China where the most primitive genera are found indicating that the family has an Asian origin.
 Edward Cephas John Stevens MLC (18 October 1837 – 6 June 1915) was a New Zealand politician in provincial government in Canterbury and a member of both the lower and upper houses of parliament. A businessman he controlled the Christchurch Press for many decades. He was instrumental in introducing cricket to Canterbury and one of his dealings as a land and estate agent resulted in the creation of Lancaster Park currently known as AMI Stadium.
 Manifestoes of Surrealism is a book by André Breton describing the aims meaning and political position of the Surrealist movement. It was published in 1969 by the University of Michigan press.
 Weep Not Child is Kenyan author Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o's first novel published in 1964 under the name James Ngugi. It was the first English novel to be published by an East African. Thiong'o's works deal with the relationship between Africans and the British colonists in Africa and are heavily critical of British colonial rule.
 St. Paul's Cathedral in Syracuse New York was designed by Henry Dudley who worked with Frank Wills until Wills' early death in 1857.It is located at 310 Montgomery Street in downtown Syracuse.
 Lough Gowna (from Irish Loch Gamhna meaning calf lake) is a fresh water lake which is the uppermost lake on the River Erne. It is located on the border between County Longford and County Cavan with the largest part of the lake being in County Longford.Lough Gowna is a moraine-dammed lake formed at the end of the last glaciation and owes its complex indented shape to the underlying drumlin landscape.
 The Maramarua River is a river of the Waikato Region New Zealand.
 Cameraria fletcherella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Canada (Québec and Ontario) and the United States (Illinois and Maine).The wingspan is 8.5–9 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus species including Quercus alba. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf.
 Berkley Square was designed in 1949 by Paul Revere Williams and is named after Thomas L. Berkley an African American attorney from Oakland California. The historic district contained 148 homes. It was built in the African American West Las Vegas area of Las Vegas Nevada. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 High School Confidential is a 1958 crime drama film directed by Jack Arnold starring Mamie Van Doren Russ Tamblyn Jan Sterling John Drew Jackie Coogan and Michael Landon.The film also features a cameo by Jerry Lee Lewis who opens the movie singing a song of the same name which Lewis co-wrote with Ron Hargrave. Lewis released the title track as a Sun Records 45 single which became a Top 40 hit reaching #21 on the Billboard charts.
 GamesMaster is a monthly multi-format computer and video game magazine published by Future plc in the United Kingdom. It is the biggest selling multi-format video games magazine in the United Kingdom outselling its sister publication Edge.
 The Deep is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov. It was written in July 1952 and first published in the December 1952 issue of Galaxy Science Fiction. The story subsequently appeared in the Asimov collections The Martian Way and Other Stories (1955) and The Best of Isaac Asimov (1973).
 Ne Vivam is the debut album by the Dutch doom metal band Officium Triste. It was released in 1997 by Teutonic Existence.
 Coria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Teviot River is a river in New Zealand a tributary of the Clutha River.
 The Jardim River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 30 Days of Night is the movie novelization of the film 30 Days of Night itself based on the comic series 30 Days of Night. The comic has several novel spinoffs of its own; however unlike those 30 Days of Night is not written by the comic author (Steve Niles) but by English horror writer Tim Lebbon. The novelization closely follows the plot of the movie.
 Setup is a heist film directed by Mike Gunther and written by Gunther and Mike Behrman. It stars 50 Cent Bruce Willis and Ryan Phillippe.It was released straight to DVD and Blu-ray on 20 September 2011 in the USA.
 Latchorzew [latˈxɔʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Stare Babice 4 km (2 mi) north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat) and 11 km (7 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Polyommatus artvinensis is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Carbonell in 1997. It is found in Turkey where it is only known from the north-eastern Pontic chain in the provinces of Erzurum and Artvin.The length of the forewings is 13.5–16 mm. The upperside ground-colour is purplish violet. The underside ground-colour is warm greyish brown without any or at most a vestigial blue-green basal suffusion.
 Luria lurida is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Thyrosticta incerta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Griveaud in 1964. It is found in Madagascar.
 2312 is a 2012 science fiction novel written by Kim Stanley Robinson. It is set in the year 2312 when society has spread out across the solar system. Much of the action takes place on Mercury. The novel won the 2012 Nebula Award for Best Novel.
 Casa de Leones (English: House of Lions) is the eponymous debut album by Puerto Rican reggaeton quintet Casa de Leones and was released on June 26 2007 by Warner Bros. and Black Lion Records.
 Salvatore R. Sal Iaquinto (born March 1 1968) is an American politician. From 2006–2013 he served in the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 84th district in Virginia Beach. He is a member of the Republican Party.Iaquinto announced that he would not run for reelection in 2013. On May 31 2013 he was given an interim appointment as a judge of the Virginia Beach General District Court effective July 1.
 Lubiniezky is a lava-flooded lunar crater on the northwest edge of Mare Nubium. This feature is most readily located by finding the prominent crater Bullialdus to the southeast.The floor of Lubiniezky has been resurfaced by basaltic lava which most likely entered from the surrounding mare through the gap in the southeast wall. The surviving rim forms a curved worn rise around the relatively flat and featureless inner floor. The rim is joined by ridges attached to the north and west walls.
 The White Checkered Skipper (Pyrgus albescens) is a species of skipper (family Hesperiidae). It is found on low altitudes in southern California southern Arizona southern New Mexico west and south Texas Florida and Mexico. A rare stray to southwest Utah and central Texas.The wingspan wingspan is 25–38 mm. Adults are on wing year round in most of its range.The larva probably feed on several plants in the Malvaceae family including Sphaeralcea Abutilon and Callirhoe.
 The Last Temptation of Reid is an album by Lard released in 1990.The CD includes a cover of They're Coming To Take Me Away Ha-Haaa! originally performed by Napoleon XIV with the addition of a guitar part and an extra verse (written by Jello Biafra) to the original song's setup.
 Catharylla serrabonita is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Brazil (Bahia Espirito Santo).The length of the forewings is 10–14 mm for males and 14 mm for females. The costal line on the forewings is ochreous and the median transverse line is ochreous to brown. The subterminal transverse line is ochreous to brown. The hindwings are cream-coloured usually with more or less connected marginal brown spots.
 Hôtel de Pontalba is a French mansion located at 41 rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré in the 8th arrondissement of Paris France. It is the official residence of the United States Ambassador to France.
 Children of the Pyre (Ta paidia tis pyras) is a 2008 film documentary directed and produced by Rajesh S. Jala. The film documents the stories of seven children who are shroud sellers at India's largest crematorium Manikarnika on the banks of the Ganges.
 The Executioner is a monthly men's action-adventure series following the exploits of Mack Bolan and his war against organized crime and international terrorism. The series spans #423 installments (as of February 2014)and has sold more than 200 million copies since its debut installment War Against the Mafia. The series was created and initially written by American author Don Pendleton who penned 37 of the original 38 Bolan novels.
 Neqab (Persian: نقاب‎ also Romanized as Neqāb; also known as Naughab Noqāb Nowghāb and Nowqāb) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Khalilabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2248 in 596 families.
 The Red Pony is a 1973 made for television American film directed and co-written by Robert Totten based on the novel The Red Pony by John Steinbeck. The film features Henry Fonda Maureen O'Hara Ben Johnson and Jack Elam.
 Tenjho Tenge (天上天下 Tenjō Tenge lit. Heaven and Earth) also written as Tenjo Tenge is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Oh! great. The story primarily focuses on the members of the Juken Club and their opposition the Executive Council which is the ruling student body of a high school that educates its students in the art of combat.
 Canadian Psychology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Canadian Psychological Association. The journal was established in 1950 and publishes articles in areas of theory research and practice that are potentially of interest to a broad cross-section of psychologists. The editor-in-chief is Martin Drapeau (McGill University).
 The Friends (French: Les Amis) is a 1971 French drama film directed by Gérard Blain. The film won the Golden Leopard at the Locarno International Film Festival.
 The Sri Lanka Drongo (Dicrurus lophorinus) is a species of bird in the Dicruridae family.It is endemic to Sri Lanka. It was previously considered a subspecies of the Greater Racket-tailed Drongo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Sulu Bleeding-heart (Gallicolumba menagei) is a species of bird in the pigeon and dove family Columbidae. It is endemic to the island of Tawi-Tawi and its surrounding islets in the Philippines' Sulu Archipelago. This species is known only from two specimens collected in 1891 and has not been recorded with certainty since. It lives in primary and secondary forests that have a closed canopy. The Sulu Bleeding-heart is a medium-sized pigeon with a short tail.
 Acanthocleithron chapini is the only species of catfish (order Siluriformes) in the genus Acanthocleithron of the family Mochokidae. This species is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the Ituri River and Congo River from Kisangani to Stanley Pool. This oviparous fish reaches a length of 5.5 centimetres (2.2 in) SL.
 Sir Francis Henry Dillon Bell GCMG KC (31 March 1851 – 13 March 1936) was the first New Zealand-born Prime Minister of New Zealand. Bell is one three New Zealand Prime Ministers of Jewish extraction the others being Julius Vogel and current Prime Minister John Key.
 Hayravank (Armenian: Հայրավանք) is a 9th-12th century Armenian monastery located just northeast of the village of Hayravank along the southwest shores of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. The monastic complex consists of a church chapel and gavit.Surrounding the monastery are numerous khachkars and gravestones that are part of a small cemetery.
 Robert Bickerdike (17 August 1843 – 28 December 1928) was a Canadian live stock shipping and insurance agent and politician.Born in Kingston Ontario the son of Thomas Bickerdike of Yorkshire England and Agnes Cowan Bickerdike spent most of his life in Quebec after his father moved to Beauharnois County to farm.
 Emanuel Francis Brunette Jr. was an American politician. He was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate representing Wisconsin's 2nd Senate District from 1933 to 1937. Before that he was also a member of the State Assembly. He was a member of the Democratic Party.Brunette was born in Howard Wisconsin where he attended public schools Green Bay Business College and the state teachers college in Oshkosh.
 St Swithin London Stone was an Anglican Church in the City of London. It stood on the north side of Cannon Street between Salters' Hall Court and St Swithin's Lane which runs north from Cannon Street to King William Street and takes its name from the church. Of medieval origin it was destroyed by the Great Fire of London and rebuilt to the designs of Sir Christopher Wren. It was badly damaged by bombing during the Second World War and the remains demolished in 1962.
 Uncertain Glory is a 1944 film starring Errol Flynn and Paul Lukas and directed by Raoul Walsh.
 Crawford Lake is a lake in Rainy River District Ontario Canada. It is about 1.5 kilometres (0.9 mi) long and 0.7 kilometres (0.4 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 427 metres (1401 ft).
 The Scaly-breasted Illadopsis (Illadopsis albipectus) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.It is found in Angola Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Sudan Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Bashmaq (Persian: باشماق‎ also Romanized as Bāshmāq) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District Khav and Mirabad District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 17 families.
 The Ideal Schoolmaster (Czech: Kantor Ideál) is a 1932 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 Where Is My Castle is the fourteenth studio album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released in January 1971 on RCA Victor Records and was produced by Bob Ferguson. The album's title track became a major hit in 1971 peaking in the Billboard Country Top 20.
 The Tampa Theatre and Office Building is a historic U.S. theater and city landmark in the Uptown District of downtown Tampa Florida. On January 3 1978 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The Theatre features a wide range of independent foreign and documentary films on a daily basis. It is Tampa's only non-profit theater and operating costs are largely covered by its membership program various corporate sponsors as well as ticket sales.
 SpyCat is a comic strip appearing in Weekly World News created by Dick Siegel and drawn by Ernie Colón.SpyCat speaks nine different languages ranging from Persian to dog and is armed with Adamwestium claws and deadly cat o' nine tails. He writes free-form poetry when not waging war on America's enemies at home and abroad.
 The IOOF Hall and Opera House in Bladen Nebraska was built in 1913. It served historically as a meeting hall as a theater and as a music facility. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Blah Blah Blah from 1996 is the first and only full-length studio album by Brooklyn hip-hop group Blahzay Blahzay.
 'The Very Best of Cher: The Video Hits Collection' is a collection of 15 of Cher's greatest music videos. The anthology includes the popular Believe and If I Could Turn Back Time as well as the obscure Main Man.On the album's back cover Song for the Lonely is listed as Song for the Lonely (Almighty Remix) though it is the original video not a remix.
 Into The Storm is the first book of the Destroyermen series. A series of alternate history novels by Taylor Anderson. The main character of the series is the four-stacker USS Walker (DD-163) which in this series is part of the United States Asiatic Fleet and being pursued by the Japanese battlecruiser Amagi.
 North Presbyterian Church was a former Presbyterian church located at 273 Bleecker Street Carmine Street Greenwich Village. Founded 1829 the church building was built 1831-1832 to designs by Town & Davis. Within a few years it changed its name to West Presbyterian Church (New York City). Following a move northward to West 42nd Street in 1860 the building has long since disappeared. The congregation survives in the West-Park Presbyterian Church.
 The Story of Anastasia and in the UK Is Anna Anderson Anastasia? (German: Anastasia die letzte Zarentochter) is a German film directed by Falk Harnack.
 Two Blood-Soaked Space-Horror Hits!! is split 7 EP by Man or Astro-man? and Jonny and the Shamen. It was released by Loch Ness Records in 1995.
 Łochowo [wɔˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białe Błota within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Białe Błota and 11 km (7 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 2600.
 Jean-Claude Van Cauwenberghe (born 28 April 1944) nicknamed Van Cau is a Walloon politician. He is member of the Belgian French-speaking Socialist Party (PS).He was Minister-President of the Walloon Region from 4 April 2000 until 30 September 2005. He resigned amid the ICDI affair and was replaced by Elio Di Rupo.
 Yolanda and the Thief (Technicolor) is a 1945 MGM musical-comedy film set in a fictional Latin American country and stars Fred Astaire Lucille Bremer Frank Morgan Ludwig Stossel and Mildred Natwick with music by Harry Warren and lyrics by Arthur Freed. The film was directed by Vincente Minnelli and produced by Arthur Freed.The film—a long-time pet project of Freed's to promote his lover Bremer's career—fared disastrously at the box office.
 Ali bey Huseyn oğlu Huseynzade (Azerbaijani: Əli bəy Hüseyn oğlu Hüseyzadə; February 24 1864 – 1940) was an Azerbaijani writer thinker philosopher artist and doctor and was the creator of the modern Flag of Azerbaijan.
 Full Circle is the seventh studio album from the reggae band Morgan Heritage. The album features guest appearances from Sizzla Damian Marley and LMS. The band toured the Caribbean and the United States in support of the album. The album mixed reggae and other styles and was described by the Jamaica Star as the sound of Jamaican dancehall systems and New York hip-hop boom boxes and New England pop radio and California punk rock mosh pits all fused into an unprecedented harmonious whole.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Satar Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 24 families.
 Carver is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon due east of the walled plain Van der Waals. To the northeast is the crater Rosseland and to the south-southeast lies Kozyrev.Despite some wear due to impacts the wide inner wall of this crater still contains some terraces. There are several tiny craters along the rim edge and the inner walls but no notable intersecting impacts. Carver overlies the north-northeast rim of the old heavily worn Carver M.
 The Carrick River is a river of Fiordland close to the southwesternmost point of New Zealand's South Island. Its course is predominantly southward and passes through numerous small lakes (most notably Lake Victor before reaching the sea at the islet Cove arm of Cunaris Sound.
 Angel Rat is the sixth album released by the Canadian heavy metal band Voivod. Produced by Terry Brown of Rush fame it was released in 1991 by Mechanic/MCA Records and is the follow-up to their critically acclaimed release 1989's Nothingface.
 Truth: Live in St. Petersburg or t.A.T.u. Truth is an official live DVD release by t.A.T.u. of their 2006 performance in St. Petersburg. The DVD was scheduled for release in early 2006. However after the group split from Universal Music they announced they only had plans to release the DVD in Japan. After further legal issues with Universal the DVD was released on September 12 2007 available for purchase on Amazon.co.jp.
 '7 Spirits' (stylized as '7 SPIRITS') is the first DVD released by artist Koda Kumi and was released the same day as her second studio album Grow into One. The DVD contains the PVs that correspond to her singles from albums 'Affection' and 'Grow into One'. Along with the PVs content also includes off-shots and bonus images.The DVD has sold more than 35439 copies since its release in March 2003.
 Baltasar and Blimunda (Portuguese: Memorial do Convento 1982) is a novel by the Nobel Prize-winning Portuguese author José Saramago. It is a love story set in the 18th century with the construction of the Convent of Mafra now one of Portugal's chief tourist attractions as a background.
 There are two places in New Zealand called Heretaunga. For the suburb of Upper Hutt see Heretaunga.The Heretaunga Plains is a 300 square kilometre alluvial plain at the southern end of Hawke Bay on the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand. The towns of Napier Hastings and Havelock North are on the plain.The plain was formed over the last 250000 years from sediment deposited by the Tutaekuri Ngaruroro and Tukituki Rivers and from coastal marine deposits.
 InuYasha the Movie: Swords of an Honorable Ruler (映画犬夜叉 天下覇道の剣 Eiga Inuyasha: Tenka Hadō no Ken) also known as InuYasha the Movie: Swords of World Conquest) is a 2003 anime film directed by Toshiya Shinohara and written by Katsuyuki Sumisawa. It is the third film to be released in the InuYasha films series. It was released in Japan on December 20 2003 (between episodes 136 and 137) and in the United States on September 6 2005.
 Richard Henry Kroft CM (born May 22 1938) is a former Canadian lawyer businessman and Senator.Born in Winnipeg Manitoba he received a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Political Science from the University of Manitoba in 1959 and an LL.B in 1963.He was Assistant Secretary and Treasurer of McCabe Grain Co. Ltd. Next he became Special Assistant to the Minister of Finance and Executive Assistant to the Secretary of State for External Affairs Mitchell Sharp.
 Kuyalnik Estuary (Ukrainian: Куяльницький лиман Crimean Tatar: Kuyanlık) is an estuary of the Velyky Kuyalnik River located on the northwestern shores of the Black Sea near the city of Odessa. The area of the estuary is 56-60 km² with a length of 28 km and a width of 3 km. Average depth is about 3 m. The estuary is separated from the Black Sea by a broad sandbar 3 km in width.
 Élie Aboud (in Arabicايلي عبود) (born October 12 1959 in Beirut Lebanon) is a French-Lebanese politician and doctor. As a member of the National Assembly of France he represents the 6th circonscription of the Hérault department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement party. Aboud took up the position after the death of the previous deputy Paul-Henri Cugnenc on 6 July 2007. He is a member of the Cultural Family and Social Affairs Committee.
 The Archduke Lexias dirtea is a species of butterfly of the family Nymphalidae.
 Infernal is the sixth full-length studio album by the Swedish death metal band Edge of Sanity released by Black Mark Productions on February 5 1997.Dan Swanö's other band Nightingale did a cover version of the song Losing Myself on their album Nightfall Overture.Artistic differences between Swanö and Axelsson were one of the main things that pushed the band apart making Swanö leave after this album (although he did return but by then the band already had split which meant Swanö went by the band name's for the release of Crimson II).
 The Pietro and Maria Botto House also known as Pietro Botto House at 83 Norwood Street Haledon in Passaic County New Jersey United States is where leaders of the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) union spoke to the 15000 striking workers of the Paterson Silk Strike of 1913.The original owners Pietro Botto (1864-1945) and his wife Maria Boggio (1870-1915) were both immigrants from Biella Italy.
 Westland Mall is an 860000-square-foot (80000 m2) shopping center located on the west side of Columbus Ohio at the western intersection of U.S. Route 40 and Interstate 270.As of November 2012 Westland Mall was reported as closed to all traffic pending redevelopment of the property.
 Barbary is a 1986 science fiction novel written by Vonda McIntyre about an orphan and her cat moving to a space station. It is considered one of the best science fiction stories of the decade for children and young adults.
 Scrobipalpomima is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Zelal is a 2010 documentary film.
 Hajji Kola (Persian: حاجي كلا‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kolā) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 851 in 215 families.
 The Point is an Historic District located in Plattsburgh New York roughly bounded by Jay Hamilton Peru and Bridge Streets. It contains a collection of historic homes dating from about 1815. The district is adjacent to the historic D & H Railroad Complex and also Plattsburgh Bay an arm of Lake Champlain.
 Trox atrox is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
 Ecsenius paroculus is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius. It is found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 4 centimetres. Blennies in this species feed primarily off of plants including benthic algae and weeds.
 Asaphodes aegrota is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is native to New Zealand.
 Chameau (literally: Camel) is a mountain located on Terre-de-Haut Island on the archipelago of Îles des Saintes with the height of 306 meters (1004 feet).It is the most elevated hill of the archipelago. Chameau is situated in the Southwest of Terre-de-Haut island and is covered with forest.
 Barchmann Mansion (Danish: Barchmanns Palæ) is a Baroque style town mansion overlooking Frederiksholm Canal in central Copenhagen Denmark. Built in the early 1740s it is also known as also known as Wedell Mansion (Danish: Wedells Palæ) after the Wedell family who have owned it since 1982.
 The Gulf Times newspaper was founded in 1978 as the first publication of the Gulf Publishing and Printing Company in the capital city of Qatar Doha (or ad-Dawhah). It is one of four English language newspapers in the country (the others being The Peninsula [1995] the Qatar Tribune [2006] and the Qatar Chronicle [2012]). It is published by Abdullah bin Hamad Al Attiyah the former deputy prime minister and the former head of the Emir's court.
 The Montreal Masonic Memorial Temple is an historic masonic temple in Montreal Quebec Canada on the corner of Sherbrooke Street and St-Marc Street in the Golden Square Mile district. Dedicated and officially opened June February 12 1930 it was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 2001 as an example of one of Canada’s most elegant buildings in the Beaux-Arts style.
 The Armenian Heritage Park is a memorial park dedicated to the victims of the Armenian Genocide located on Parcel 13 of the Rose Kennedy Greenway between Faneuil Hall and Christopher Columbus Park in Boston Massachusetts.The memorial includes a sculpture surrounded by a reflecting pool. The sculpture has 24-26 different configurations which symbolize the dispersion and coming together of immigrants from different shores.
 Meherbaan is a 1993 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by K.Ravishankar starring Mithun Chakraborty Ayesha Jhulka Shantipriya Anupam Kher and Sadashiv Amrapurkar
 Zieleniec [ʑɛˈlɛɲɛt͡s] (German: Radzienen 1938-45: Hügelswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Wielbark 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Szczytno and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Fimbriosotis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Leqinat lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Leqinatit or Leqinati or Liqeni i Kuqishtës) is a mountain lake found on the Mount Leqinat in the Prokletije range in western Kosovo. This lake is well known throughout Kosovo and is visited by people going to the Rugova Canyon or by people climbing nearby peaks such as Lićenat at 2341 m (7680 ft) and Žuti kamen at 2522 m (8274 ft). Lake Lićenat is at an elevation of 1970 m (6463 ft). Lake Lićenat is just above the village of Kućište.
 Alloperla is a genus of stoneflies in family Chloroperlidae.
 The Mating of Millie is a 1948 romantic comedy film starring Glenn Ford and Evelyn Louise Keyes. A single woman is willing to go to great lengths to adopt an orphan boy.
 The Valea Scaunelor River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Jim Dine: A Self-Portrait on the Walls is a 1995 short documentary film about artist Jim Dine produced by Nancy Dine and Richard Stilwell. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.The film presents the artist in the context of the gallery as the studio. It allows the viewers to follow along as he builds his work on the walls of a gallery in Ludwigsburg Germany.
 This article is about the British novel by Nevil Shute. For the 2009 album see Lonely Road (The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus album)Lonely Road is a novel by British author Nevil Shute. It was first published in 1932 by William Heinemann and in the US by William Morrow. In 1936 it was adapted as a film The Lonely Road released in the US the same year as Scotland Yard Commands starring Clive Brook and Victoria Hopper.
 Buisson is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. Nearly attached to the southeast rim is the crater Vesalius. To the southwest is Einthoven. The rim of this crater is somewhat worn and is lowest in the north. There is a low central ridge across the midpoint.
 Khazret Sultan is a mountain and the highest point of Uzbekistan with an altitude of 4643 metres (15233 ft). It is located on the border between Uzbekistan and Tajikistan in Surkhandarya Province in the Uzbek part of the Gissar Range. This mountain was formerly known as Peak of the 22nd Congress of the Communist Party.
 Arasatchi is a Tamil language film released in 2004. The film was directed by then debutante N Maharajan. The film starred Arjun Lara Dutta and Raghuvaran in the lead roles. Vivek as the comedian Lakshmi and Manivannan all play in other roles. The film's music was composed by Harris Jayaraj. The film released in November 2004 became a super hit in most areas raising business for the lead actors.It was dubbed into Telugu as Judgement and in Hindi as Ghatak The Destroyer.
 Peabody School also known as Peabody High School is an historic school building located on Herman Avenue in Eastman Georgia. Built in 1938 it was designed by Eastman-born American architect Edward Columbus Hosford who is noted for the courthouses and other buildings that he designed in Florida Georgia and Texas. The brick building's design includes elements of the Colonial Revival style.
 Joseph C. Joe Pickett (born December 6 1956) is an American politician and writer.Since 1995 he has been a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives representing its 79th District which encompasses part of El Paso County. Picket also wrote a children's novel Margo! the Weird Cat! (2006).
 Arbabi-ye Sofla (Persian: اربابي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ārbābī-ye Soflá) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1265 in 288 families.
 Osmolin [ɔsˈmɔlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Wrottesley is a lunar impact crater that is attached to the west-northwestern rim of the larger crater Petavius and lies along the southeast edge of Mare Fecunditatis. It lies in the southeast part of the moon and appears somewhat foreshortened when viewed from the earth.This crater is generally circular in shape with a slight outward bulge to the south and a system of terraces lining the inner walls.
 Gul Afshaniyaat-e-Iqbal: Versified Khowar translation of Allama Iqbal’s Poetry is a book that was written by Allama Muhammad Iqbal and translated into Khowar by former President and Director of Khowar Academy of Karachi Pakistan Rehmat Aziz Chitrali and first published on April 25 1999. The book contains a collection of Rehmat Aziz Chitrali's versified Khowar Khowar translation of Allama Muhammad Iqbal’s Books i.e. Bang-e-Dara Bal-e-Jibril Zarb-e-Kaleem Zaboor-e-Ajam and Armughan-e-Hijaz.
 Joculator albulus is a species of minute sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Thiele in 1930.
 Mothers News is a free monthly newspaper published in Providence RI by Rhododendron Festival.
 Diario Rio Negro is a daily newspaper edited in General Roca and published in the provinces of Río Negro Neuquén the south of La Pampa the north of Chubut the south of Buenos Aires Province and the City of Buenos Aires.
 The Common Crow (Euploea core) is a common butterfly found in South Asia. In India it is also sometimes referred to as the Common Indian Crow and in Australia as the Australian Crow. It belongs to the Crows and Tigers subfamily Danainae (Danaini tribe).The Common Crow is the most common representative of its genus Euploea. Like the Tigers (genus Danaus) the Crows are inedible and thus mimicked by other Indian butterflies (see Batesian mimicry).
 Edgar Rollo (Gar) Neale OBE JP FPANZ FCIS (24 November 1889 – 25 July 1960) was Mayor and Member of Parliament for Nelson a strong supporter of the Nelson railway and a representative cricketer.
 Hak-e Sofla (Persian: حك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩak-e Soflá and Ḩakk-e Soflá; also known as Ḩak-e Pā’īn and Ḩakk-e Pā’īn) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 449 in 125 families.
 Garich (Persian: گريچ‎ also Romanized as Garīch) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Destination Mars is a juvenile science fiction novel the sixth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber in 1963 and in the US by Criterion Books in 1964. Also published in German by Schneider Buch as Der Chor der Verdammten (The Choir of the Damned) in 1983 and in Portuguese by Galeria Panorama in 1969 as Destino Marte.
 Echinolittorina paytensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Wypychy [vɨˈpɨxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Wyszki 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 33 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Tinline River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally south from its sources at the northern end of the Bryant Range to reach the Pelorus River seven kilometres west of Pelorus Bridge.
 Gnarls Biggie is a hip hop mashup album created in the same vein as Danger Mouse's The Grey Album. It was produced by a group of Brooklyn-based DJ's known as Sound Advice. The album features 11 songs in which the tracks of Gnarls Barkley are cut-up into beats and then layered with raps of The Notorious B.I.G. It was released on July 17 2006 on the website gnotorious.com and was featured on the websites of the music magazines VIBE and Spin.
 Ma Fleur (my flower in French) is the fourth full-length release and third proper studio album by The Cinematic Orchestra released on 7 May 2007. The North American version of the album contains 10 tracks in a different sequence from the UK version and omits Child Song.
 The Fort Peck Theatre was built as a temporary structure in 1934 in Fort Peck Montana. The theater was designed in a pseudo-Swiss-chalet style as an amenity for the 50000 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers workers and their families at the Fort Peck Dam project. The interior features open-truss wood construction with handcrafted light fixtures fabricated in Corps of Engineers workshops. The theater survived to become a permanent facility and is presently used as a community theater.
 Leucochimona is a genus in the butterfly family Riodinidae present only in the Neotropical ecozone.
 Spiere Castle is a castle in Spiere Belgium.
 Rötenbach (Kocher) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Red and White is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Julian Austin. It was released by LMG Records in 2007. He's Got What It Takes the title track Harbour Town Back to Me and Marie were released as singles.
 You Are the Blood is a film directed by Rafael Morais. It stars Rafael Morais Edgar Morais and Jessica Today. Its plot revolves around a young man who comes back to his town after being mysteriously away for a long time.
 Winthrop Paul Win Rockefeller (September 17 1948 — July 16 2006) was a Republican politician who served as the 13th Lieutenant Governor of the US state of Arkansas from 1996 until his death. He was also a member of the Rockefeller family.
 Athleta (Ternivoluta) studeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.There are two subspecies: Athleta (Ternivoluta) studeri studeri (Martens 1897) Athleta (Ternivoluta) studeri swainensis Bail & limpus 1998↑ 1.0 1.1
 Evening Moods is a 2000 studio album by the band Ratdog featuring former Grateful Dead rhythm guitarist Bob Weir. It consists of a number of new songs introduced by Ratdog during the previous year and a Grateful Dead song Corrina. Mickey Hart has a guest appearance.
 travelgirl an American magazine published by travelgirl Inc. started in June 2003 specializing in travel principally recreational for tourism. The magazine is targeted at women who make more than 75% of all family travel decisions.travelgirl magazine was the first national travel publication launched after the tragic events of 9/11 and was named one of the most notable launches of 2003 by industry guru Samir Mr.
 The Blossom-headed Parakeet (Psittacula roseata) is a parrot which is a resident breeder in northeast India eastwards into Southeast Asia. It undergoes local movements driven mainly by the availability of the fruit and blossoms which make up its diet.Blossom-headed Parakeet is a bird of forest and open woodland. It nests in holes in trees laying 4-5 white eggs.This is a green parrot 30 cm long with a tail up to 18 cm.
 Bridge in Portage Township is a historic stone arch bridge located at Portage Township in Cambria County Pennsylvania. It was built by the Allegheny Portage Railroad in 1832 and is an 18-foot-long (5.5 m) bridge with a semi-circular arch. It is built of coursed ashlar and crosses Bens Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The longwave transmitter Raszyn is a longwave broadcasting transmitter near Raszyn Poland. It was built in 1949. The designer of the mast is unknown. It has been claimed that it was built of sections from radio mast of former Deutschlandsender Herzberg/Elster; however there is no proof of this theory.
 Hødnebø is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Czerskie Rumunki [ˈt͡ʂɛrskʲɛ ruˈmunki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgie within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 The Pretoria Art Museum is an art gallery located in Arcadia Pretoria in South Africa. The museum in Arcadia Park occupies an entire city block bounded by Park Wessels Schoeman and Johann Streets.The Pretoria Art Museum was established to house the City Council of Pretoria's Art Collection built up since the 1930s. The collection received an early windfall in 1932 when Lady Michaelis bequeathed a large number of artworks to the city council after the death of her husband Sir Max Michaelis.
 Sir John Joseph Swaine CBE QC JP (Traditional Chinese: 施偉賢爵士 22 April 1932 – 7 August 2012) was the President of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1993 to 1995. A barrister by training Swaine was an appointed and unofficial member of the council. Before 1993 the President was the Governor of Hong Kong.He was the Deputy President of the Council between 1991 and 1993 when the Governor refrained from presiding over the Council meetings.
 Ouray Peak elevation 12957 ft (3949 m) is a summit in the Sawatch Mountains of Colorado. The peak is 6 mi (9.7 km) south of Independence Pass in the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness of San Isabel National Forest.
 Summer Hill is a historic home at Davidsonville Anne Arundel County Maryland. It is a 2 1⁄2-story frame dwelling five bays wide and two deep. It represents a typical Maryland farmhouse of the mid 19th century. The exterior is in transition between mid-19th-century style broadly derived from Greek Revival architecture and an earlier style derived from Federal-Georgian sources.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Race & Class is a peer-reviewed academic journal on contemporary racism and imperialism. It is published quarterly by Sage Publications on behalf of the Institute of Race Relations and is interdisciplinary publishing material across the humanities and social sciences.
 Belmont Mansion is a historic mansion located in Fairmount Park in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Built in the early 18th century the mansion is one of the finest examples of Palladian architecture in the United States.
 Lukavica (Cyrillic: Лукавица) is a village in the municipality of Gračanica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Fool's Mate (French: Le coup du berger) is a twenty-eight minute short film directed by Jacques Rivette. It stars Virginie Vitry as a wife cheating on her husband (Jean-Claude Brialy).
 Korczyców [kɔrˈt͡ʂɨt͡suf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Japanzine is a Japan-based English-language magazine published by Carter Witt Media. Now 20 years in publication it is the successor magazine to The Alien and caters largely to the expatriate community in Japan. Each edition of the magazine contains a map of various Japanese cities and an entertainment guide as well as several articles - both satirical and serious - on Japanese life.
 Mary Scott Harrison McKee (April 3 1858 – October 28 1930) was the only daughter of President Benjamin Harrison and his wife Caroline Scott Harrison. After her mother died in 1892 McKee served as her father's First Lady for the remainder of his term. Married and with children by the time her father was elected as president Mary and her family lived at the White House during her father's term. She assisted by serving as a hostess.
 The Techirghiol TV Tower is a 146-meter high TV tower built of reinforced concrete at Techirghiol Romania.
 Dr. Garry Conille (born 26 February 1966) is a Haitian academic development worker author and former Prime Minister of Haiti. He submitted his resignation as prime minister on 24 February 2012 and was officially succeeded by Laurent Lamothe on 16 May 2012.
 Justiniano Borgoño Castañeda (September 5 1836 – January 27 1921) was a Peruvian soldier and politician who briefly occupied the Presidency of Peru during 1894.Borgoño was born in Trujillo Peru. He was succeeded as President by Andrés Avelino Cáceres. He died in Lima Peru.
 Déficit is a 2007 Mexican feature film the debut of Gael García Bernal as a director. It was written by Kyzza Terrazas and debuted at the Cannes Film Festival on May 21 2007.In the film the lives of the rich Cristobal and his sister are contrasted with those of the servants on the estate. However the riches are from illegal sources it would seem and his father is on the run in Europe.
 Mandingo is an American motion picture released by Paramount Pictures in 1975. It is based on the novel Mandingo by Kyle Onstott and on the play Mandingo by Jack Kirkland (which is derived from the novel). The film was directed by Richard Fleischer and starred James Mason Susan George Perry King and boxer-turned-actor Ken Norton. It was widely derided when released although some reviews are positive.
 The São Marcos River (Portuguese Rio São Marcos) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paranaíba River which it joins in the reservoir created by Emborcação Dam.
 The Chapel Emmanuel Railroad Car was one of thirteen railroad cars used as chapels in the United States starting about 1890. Seven of the cars were built by the Barney and Smith Car Company of Dayton Ohio and travelled from town to town mainly in the sparsely populated western states and territories under the direction of the American Baptist Publication Society.In 1893 the Chapel Emmanuel car was the second car built for the Baptists and was the longest serving being retired about 1938.
 Tokunbo Afikuyomi was elected Senator for the Lagos Central constituency of Lagos State Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic running on the Alliance for Democracy (AD) platform.
 Wandowo [vanˈdɔvɔ] (German: Wandau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Gardeja 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Kwidzyn and 82 km (51 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 300.
 The Nottingham Post (formerly the Nottingham Evening Post) is an English tabloid newspaper which serves Nottingham Nottinghamshire and parts of Derbyshire Leicestershire and Lincolnshire.The Post is published between Monday and Saturday each week and costs 50p (Saturdays edition 60p). It was formerly Campaigning Newspaper of the Year. From time-to-time the newspaper includes special features which focus on a particular aspect of life in Nottingham.
 Dapo Sarumi is a Nigerian politician and former minister for Information. In 1991 he contested the SDP gubernatorial primary but was later dis-qualified.In late 2000 he was involved in a traffic accident and lost two of his ministerial aides.
 The Lava Bed Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert in southeastern California USA. The mountains lie in a northwest-southeasterly direction and are located almost entirely within the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms which is a restricted area. The mountains reach a height of 4488 feet (1368 m) above sea level at Argos Mountain and are found at the northwestern end of the Bullion Mountains.
 El Oso (a literal translation of the Spanish for 'The Bear') released in 1998 (see 1998 in music) is the third and final album by the New York City band Soul Coughing. The disc is marked by a deep drum and bass influence.
 Il piccolo cerinaio is a 1914 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina.
 Irondale is a village in Jefferson County Ohio United States. The population was 387 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Weirton–Steubenville WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Grand Century Place is a shopping centre located in east Mong Kok Hong Kong. There are 7 floors consisting of MTR floor and levels 1-6. It is connected to Mong Kok East Station.
 Le Tombeau de Nostradamus (English: The Tomb of Nostradamus) is a one act farce by Alain-René Lesage. It was first performed at the Foire de Saint Laurent in 1714. Le Tombeau de Nostradamus is actually the final play in a series that includes La Foire de Guibray and Arlequin Mahomet. Between the three works Lesage created a comedy in three acts.
 Mohammed Ali Abdallah Addarrat (born 13 September 1975 Tripoli Libya) is a Libyan political activist.
 Manthan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941.
 The Jirca River is a tributary of the Sălard River in Romania.
 Krvojevići (Serbian: Крвојевићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Julia Gardiner Tyler (May 17 1820 – July 10 1889) was the second wife of John Tyler the tenth President of the United States and served as First Lady of the United States from June 26 1844 to March 4 1845.
 William Clark Bill Hodgman OBE QC (14 May 1909 – 3 May 1997) was a Tasmanian politician. He served as a Member of the House of Assembly from 1955 to 1964 and a Member of the Legislative Council from 1971 to 1983. He was President of the Tasmanian Legislative Council from 1981 to 1983.William Clark Hodgman was the father of politicians Michael Hodgman and Peter Hodgman and the grandfather of the current Premier of Tasmania and former Leader of the Opposition Will Hodgman.
 First Girl (ファースト・ガール) is a josei romance manga series written and illustrated by Chiho Saito. It was serialized by Shogakukan in Petit Comic in 2002 and 2003 and collected in five bound volumes under the Flower Comics imprint. It is licensed in Italian by Star Comics which serialized it in the magazine Kappa Extra.
 Isaac Sponaugle is a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing the 55th district. Sponaugle served as an intern to Senator Robert Byrd.
 Skinheads is a 1989 USA thriller film directed written and produced by Greydon Clark starring Chuck Connors Barbara Bain and Jason Culp.
 Common names: dark-spotted anaconda De Schauensee’s anaconda.Eunectes deschauenseei is a nonvenomous boa species found in northeastern South America. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Wolica [vɔˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziesze Wielkie within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 114 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.In 2005 the village had a population of 820.
 Sarhang (Persian: سرهنگ‎) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 684 in 182 families.
 This article is about the play. For the film adaptation see Private Lives.For the episode in the television series House see Private Lives.Private Lives is a 1930 comedy of manners in three acts by Noël Coward. It focuses on a divorced couple who while honeymooning with their new spouses discover that they are staying in adjacent rooms at the same hotel. Despite a perpetually stormy relationship they realise that they still have feelings for each other.
 Transport 4 is a mix album released by Max Graham in 2001. It was released on Kinetic Records. Note the name change in the series from Tranceport to Transport.
 The Fifty Worst Films of All Time (And How They Got That Way) is a 1978 book by Harry Medved with Randy Dreyfuss and Michael Medved. This book represents choices for the 50 worst sound films ever made in alphabetical order.
 Upadły [uˈpadwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Golczewo 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Kamień Pomorski and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 200.
 Brian W. Stewart is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives serving the 89th district since being sworn into office in October 2013 to replace the outgoing Jim Sacia. The 89th district is located in the northwest corner of the state and includes all of Jo Daviess and Stephenson counties as well as parts of Ogle Carroll Winnebago and Whiteside counties.
 Socrates Drank the Conium was the 1972 debut album of the Greek rock band of the same name. It has more psychedelic- and blues-influenced tracks than their following albums. The work on this album is similar to that of musicians like Jimi Hendrix and Eric Clapton.
 Pet Basheerabad is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Quthbullapur mandal. It is fast developing into a major suburb. There is a Police Station here.
 Rissoa paradoxa is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Bienice [bjɛˈnit͡sɛ] (German: Groß Benz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Dobra 22 km (14 mi) west of Łobez and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Christ Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal church located at 425 North Cherry Street in Monticello Florida in the United States. Designed by T.M. Feruson of Georgia in the Carpenter Gothic style of architecture with some stick-style detailing it was built in 1885 to replace a previous church building which burned in 1883. Its steep roof lancet windows and side belfry and entrance are typical of Carpenter Gothic churches.
 Lynch Glacier lies to the north and northwest of Mount Daniel in the U.S. state of Washington. Lynch Glacier is within the Alpine Lakes Wilderness of Snoqualmie National Forest. The glacier is approximately .60 mi (0.97 km) in length .80 mi (1.29 km) in width at its widest and descends from 7800 to 6400 ft (2400 to 2000 m) where it terminates above a proglacial lake known as Pea Soup Lake.
 Union Church (also known as Brick Church) is a historic church on Clark at Sycamore Street in Davis City Iowa. It was built in 1878 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Owls to Athens is the fourth book in the Hellenic Traders series by H N Turteltaub. Like the others in the series it is a work of historical fiction concerning the adventures of a pair of Greek traders from Rhodes. Taking owls to Athens was a contemporary Greek saying roughly the equivalent of the modern selling snow to eskimos or carrying coals to Newcastle.
 Mistress of the Empire is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts. It is the third and final book in the Empire Trilogy and was published in 1992. It was preceded by Servant of the Empire which was published in 1990.
 Tudar-e Ruteh (Persian: تودارروته‎ also Romanized as Tūdār-e Rūteh; also known as Tūdār-e Rūneh Tū’ī Dartān Tūtdār-e Rūteh and Tu yi Dar Ruten) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 640 in 154 families.
 Gelechia cuneatella the Long-winged Groundling is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Douglas in 1852. It is found in northern central and eastern Europe. The habitat consists of river banks and marshes.The wingspan is 13-16 mm. Adult are on wing from August to September in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Salix species living within a spun or rolled leaf of their host plant.
 Ostrówek [ɔsˈtruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Carson City is a 1952 American Western film starring Randolph Scott Lucille Norman and Raymond Massey.Based on a story by Sloan Nibley the film is about a railroad construction engineer whose plans to build a railroad line between Nevada's Carson City and Virginia City are met with hostility by the locals who feel the trains will attract outlaws. Filmed on location at Iverson Ranch Bell Ranch and Bronson Canyon in Griffith Park Carson City was Warner Bros.' first film shot in WarnerColor.
 Janssen is an ancient impact crater located in the highland region near the southeastern lunar limb. The entire structure has been heavily worn and is marked by many lesser crater impacts. The outer wall is breached in multiple locations but the outline of the crater rim can still be observed.
 Salarıalaca is a village in the District of Ortaköy Aksaray Province Turkey.
 The Râușor is a tributary of the Bratia River in Romania.
 Leopold Hasner von Artha (March 15 1818 Prague – June 5 1891 Bad Ischl) was an Austrian civil servant and statesman. He served as the 4th Minister-President of Cisleithania.
 Heart Of A Man is the third album by R&B singer Tony Terry.
 III is a 2011 release by Brazilian DJ and producer Gui Boratto on German label Kompakt Records.
 Howard Jordan is the former Chief of the Oakland Police Department. Jordan was appointed Interim Chief by Mayor Jean Quan in October 2011 after the resignation of Chief Anthony Batts. The appointment was made permanent the following February.
 The Tumbes Sparrow (Rhynchospiza stolzmanni) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family that is found in Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Anima is a concept album written and produced by Vladislav Delay.
 Miętkie-Kolonia [ˈmjɛntkʲɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 Pielice [pjɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.The village has a population of 7.
 The John Morrow Elementary School (also known as Morrow Elementary School and Pittsburgh Morrow PreK-5) located at 1611 Davis Avenue in the Brighton Heights neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in 1895 (with additions in 1922 and later). It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 30 1986 and the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2002.
 Martial Outlaw is a 1993 action/martial arts film written by Thomas Ritz produced by Pierre David directed by Kurt Anderson and stars Jeff Wincott Gary Hudson and Richard Jaeckel.
 MB (also known as MikroBITTI and MikroBitti) is a Finnish computer magazine founded in May 1984 and published by Sanoma Magazines a division of the Sanoma Group. MikroBitti is aimed mainly for beginner to mid-level computer users. In the year 2003 MikroBitti had the largest circulation figures of computer magazines published in the Nordic countries.
 Mian Volan-e Sofla (Persian: ميان ولان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mīān Volān-e Soflá and Mīānvolān-e Soflá) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Hemiliostraca auricincta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Dusit Thani Dubai (formerly Dusit Dubai) is a 153 m (502 ft) 40-storey hotel tower in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Dusit Dubai was completed in 2001. The most notable aspect of the tower is that the structure is divided into two bases which join at the top. It is believed to have been constructed as such to resemble the wai the Thai greeting.The left base contains apartments while the right base are fully furnished hotel apartments.
 Trebotin is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 681 people.
 The Cold Moon is a crime thriller novel written by Jeffery Deaver. It is the seventh book in the Lincoln Rhyme series and also introduces CBI agent Kathryn Dance who would get her own series of books.It's the night of the full Cold Moon—the month of December according to the lunar calendar. A young man is found dead in lower Manhattan the first in a series of victims of a man calling himself the Watchmaker.
 Tour Gan is an office skyscraper located in La Défense the high-rise business district situated west of Paris France. It was designed by celebrated American architect Max Abramovitz.Built from 1972 to 1974 the tower is 179 m (587 ft) tall at roof height. However it reaches 187 m (614 ft) once including the antenna located on the roof. It is the fourth-tallest skyscraper in La Défense after Tour First Tour Total and Tour Areva.
 The Machado River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Summit Hotel also known as the Summit Inn Resort is a historic hotel complex and national historic district located at North Union Township and South Union Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. The district includes eight contributing buildings and three contributing structures. The main hotel building was built in 1907 and is a three-story stone and stucco Mission style building. The features a parapeted gable and two four-story square towers. The building was expanded in 1923.
 Beall's Pleasure is a historic home located in Landover Prince George's County Maryland United States. It was built in 1795 as the summer home of Benjamin Stoddert who later became the first Secretary of the Navy.The building is a 2-story Federal brick house with a 1 1⁄2-story brick wing added in 1936. The building is 5 bays wide in the front and 3 at the rear. The brick has been laid in common bond.The garden was landscaped in 1936 by Boris V.
 Neomordellistena palpalis is a beetle in the Neomordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1955 by Ermisch.
 DJ Times is an American music-trade magazine specializing in the disc jockey market based out of Port Washington New York. Established in 1988 by Testa Communications DJ Times was the first DJ-specific magazine to publish in the United States. Every month more than 30000 DJs turn to DJ Times as their primary source for product information business tips music news and more.In addition each August DJ Times presents The DJ Expo at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City New Jersey.
 Pararetifusus dedonderi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Jane Hutt AM (born 15 December 1949) is a Welsh Labour politician and a Minister in the Welsh Assembly Government. Hutt has represented the Vale of Glamorgan constituency since the National Assembly for Wales was established in 1999. Hutt has been a government Minister since 1999 her latest appointment being Minister for Business and Budget in December 2009.
 For other uses see Aconcagua (disambiguation).The Aconcagua River is a river in Chile that rises from the joint of two minor tributary rivers at 1430 metres (4690 ft) above sea level in the Andes Juncal River from the east (which rise in the Nevado Juncal) and Blanco River from the south east.
 The Fast Freight is a 1921 comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle. The film was not released in the US due to Arbuckle's involvement in the Virginia Rappe scandal. The film is considered to be lost.
 Asleep is a poem by Wilfred Owen. It deals with the atrocities of World War I.
 F. Joseph Joe Loeper is an American politician who represented the 26th senatorial district from 1979 through 2000 in the Pennsylvania State Senate. He resigned his seat in 2000 after pleading guilty to falsifying tax documents.
 The Silent Enemy is a 1958 action film directed by William Fairchild. It stars Laurence Harvey as Lionel Buster Crabb and describes his exploits during World War II.
 Cole Alexander/Bradford Cox Split was released in 2006 on Rob's House Records. 500 black 10 vinyls were pressed and a further 500 were repressed. This was the first release for Bradford Cox under the Atlas Sound name. Cole Alexander is the lead singer of The Black Lips. Likewise Bradford Cox is the lead singer of Atlanta four-piece Deerhunter.
 Per Albin Hansson (28 October 1885 – 6 October 1946) was a Swedish politician chairman of the Social Democrats from 1925 and two-time Prime Minister in four governments between 1932 and 1946 governing all that period save for a short-lived crisis in the summer of 1936 which he ended by forming a coalition government with his main adversary Axel Pehrsson-Bramstorp.
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Buczek 4 km (2 mi) south of Łask and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bushwhacked is a 1995 comedy adventure crime film starring Daniel Stern Jon Polito Anthony Heald and Brad Sullivan. It was originally planed to be a spin off film to the Home Alone franchise with Daniel Stern reprising his role as Marv. This was Greg Beeman's last theatrical film before he moved on to direct television movies for Disney Channel. This also marked Sullivan's last theatrical appearance before his retirement in 2000 and his death in 2008.
 Apparitional also known as Haunting of Cellblock 11 is a 2013 American horror film about a reality TV ghost hunting crew that investigates an abandoned prison. It was directed and written by Andrew P. Jones. The film was first shown on July 20 2013 at the Goodrich Capital 8 Theaters in Jefferson City Missouri where most of the movie was filmed.
 The Gorge River is a river on the West Coast of New Zealand. It arises in the Hope Blue River Range and flows south-west into the Tasman Sea. Its tributaries include the Duncan River and Jerry River. It passes through Cascade Forest. Its mouth is about 15 km north-east of Awarua Point. The Gorge Islands are very small islands near the mouth. At its mouth it is a fast tidal river.
 Keelu Bommalu (Telugu: కీలుబొమ్మలు) is a 1965 Telugu film directed by C. S. Rao and produced by Gangaram of Hyderabad Films.
 Zombie Strippers is a 2008 American zombie comedy film written and directed by Jay Lee starring Robert Englund Jenna Jameson and Tito Ortiz and distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. The film is loosely based on Eugène Ionesco's classic play Rhinoceros.
 The Padina Bașchii River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Death Metal 666 – Invoking The End is the third studio album by Colombian Death metal band Vitam et Mortem produced by Julian Trujillo from January to May 2010. It was released on the 17th of May. It consists out of 12 tracks. On that album is a cover of Venom song Black Metal and a new version of Assesinos en Esencia from their first album Life in Death. The band produced a DVD which consists two music videos of Bienvinido (Al Reino de los Muertos) and Invoking The End.
 Twelve Months (世界名作童話 森は生きている Sekai Meisaku Douwa Mori wa Ikiteiru Russian: Двенадцать месяцев Dvenadtsat mesyatsev) is a 1980 animated feature film directed by Kimio Yabuki and Tetsuo Imazawa produced by Toei Animation from Japan in partnership with Soyuzmultfilm from the Soviet Union. It was based on the fairy tale of the same name written by Samuil Marshak.
 Lottbek is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 The Jesus Healing And Prophetic Ministries Church is a pat of the Illumini brands based in Trinidad and Tobago belonging to the Illuminati line of churches throughout the world it is Pastored by Pr.Curtis Pegus and his wife Sis.Cathy Pegus in the Barataria area of San Juan a suburb of the San Juan-Laventille Regional Corporation Trinidad T.T. that provides a blend of traditional and contemporary worship as a cover up of what is really happening in the church.
 The Tsomo River is a river in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa. It is a tributary of the Great Kei River.
 The William Boggs Farm is located in the Back Creek Valley of Berkeley County West Virginia ner Hedgesville. The property was settled before 1750 by William Boggs who may have been the first settler in the valley. A 1750 survey indicates that Boggs had 275 acres (111 ha) of land with a cabin. By 1766 Boggs had accumulated 527 acres (213 ha).
 Carposina contactella is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is 15–16mm. The head and thorax are white and the abdomen is grey-whitish.
 The Tomaga River an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial stream is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Vladimír Dlouhý (born 31 July 1953) is a Czech economist and politician.
 Wąsewo [vɔ̃ˈsɛvɔ] is a village in Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wąsewo. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 87 km (54 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 780.
 Marcipopsis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Green Silver-lines (Pseudoips prasinana) is a moth of the family Nolidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (North and Central Europe Russia Siberia Korea Japan).The wingspan is 30–35 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Oak and Birch.
 Grand Lake is a large lake in the interior of Newfoundland of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. It has an area of 534 km² making it the largest lake on Newfoundland. Consequently it is one of if not the deepest.
 The Caraslău River is a tributary of the Oituz River in Romania.
 The Roots of Heaven is a 1958 American adventure film in CinemaScope and DeLuxe Color made by 20th Century Fox directed by John Huston and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck. The screenplay by Romain Gary and Patrick Leigh Fermor is based on Romain Gary's 1956 Prix Goncourt winning novel The Roots of Heaven (Les racines du ciel).The film starred Errol Flynn Juliette Gréco Trevor Howard Eddie Albert Orson Welles Paul Lukas Herbert Lom and Gregoire Aslan.
 Mostafa Hussein Kamel (born 23 March 1960) is the former Egyptian Minister of State for Environmental Affairs. He was sworn into Prime Minister Hesham Qandil's cabinet the Qandil Cabinet on 2 August 2012 following the 2011–2012 Egyptian revolution that deposed President Hosni Mubarak retaining his position from former Prime Minister Kamal Ganzouri's interim government. He was one of the independent ministers in the cabinet.
 Videodrom is the sixth album by the German Metalcore band Callejon.The Album entered the German Media Control Charts at No. 31.
 What's It All About? is the second studio album from British songer/songwriter Chris Hardman also known as Lil' Chris. The album was released on October 6 2008. Only one single was released from the album - We Don't Have To Take Our Clothes Off. The album contains 6 brand new tracks and 7 tracks taken from his first album Lil' Chris.
 Andja is a village in Sõmeru Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 The Gentle Vultures is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. The story first appeared in the December 1957 issue of Super-Science Fiction and was reprinted in the 1959 collection Nine Tomorrows.The story is one of a number that Asimov wrote expressing his abhorrence of the cold war nuclear arms race but its lightly ironic flavor has earned it more positive critical responses than those drawn by the bitter moralism of Silly Asses and Darwinian Pool Room.
 Ace Eli and Rodger of the Skies is a 1973 American adventure-comedy film with a story by Steven Spielberg. The film centers on a barnstorming pilot (Cliff Robertson) and his son (Eric Shea) as they fly around the United States in the 1920s and their adventures along the way.
 L'Entraîneuse (English title: Nightclub Hostess) is a 1940 French language motion picture drama directed by Albert Valentin. The screenplay was written by Charles Spaak. The film stars Michèle Morgan Gilbert Gil Gisèle Préville Jeanne Lion and Fréhel.It tells the story of a hostess/call-girl who falls in love with a rich friend whose father had tried to pick her up at the club.
 Madness Money & Music is the fourth album by singer Sheena Easton. It was released in 1982 and produced by Christopher Neil. This Adult Contemporary ballad-led album includes the hits I Wouldn't Beg for Water (US #64) and Machinery (US #57 UK #38) as well as the UK single Are You Man Enough. Significantly however the album featured an early recording of the song Wind Beneath My Wings which would later be covered by Bette Midler in 1988 and many other artists after.
 Turbonilla argentea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Dalalun (Persian: دلالون‎ also Romanized as Dalālūn; also known as Dalālan Delālān and Delālon) is a village in Tiab Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 21 families.
 The Fourposter is a 1951 play written by Jan de Hartog. The two-character story spans thirty-five years from 1890 to 1925 as it focuses on the trials and tribulations laughters and sorrows and hopes and disappointments experienced by Agnes and Michael throughout their marriage. The set consists solely of their bedroom dominated by the large fourposter bed in the center of the room.
 No-No's (Leftovers and Live Songs) is the second official CD release by the antifolk group Elastic No-No Band. It is a compilation of songs that were never intended for a specific album and includes many live performances.The CD version includes 3 unlisted tracks that are not available when the album is purchased as a download (as from a retailer like iTunes for example).
 Naked is an album released only in Japan by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts. The album was released on April 27 2004.
 Benjamin Franklin School is a historic school building located in the Crescentville neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1915-1916. It is a two-story five-bay brick building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival style. Additions were built in 1931 and 1954. It features entrances with carved stone and terra cotta surrounds and a brick parapet.
 Norfolk Daily News is a daily newspaper located in downtown Norfolk Nebraska and is one of just a handful of daily newspapers owned and managed by an individual family. Kent Warneke serves as editor of the Norfolk Daily News.
 Sierosław [ɕeˈrɔswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowo Podgórne within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Tarnowo Podgórne and 16 km (10 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Icarus is a student literary magazine based in Trinity College Dublin. It publishes three issues per academic year and accepts submissions of poetry prose and drama from students staff and alumni of Dublin University. It was founded in 1950 by Cecil Jenkins and has been published with regularity three times a year ever since.
 Taj Mahal Hotel is a heritage hotel located in Hyderabad India. It is located at Abids suburb. It is popular for its Udupi cuisine dishes.
 Terminus is a monologue play by Mark O'Rowe. Written entirely in rhyme the play follows three characters over the course of a single night in Dublin: a former schoolteacher (A) her lonely estranged daughter (B) and a serial killer who has sold his soul to the Devil (C).Terminus premiered at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin on June 9 2007 before transferring to the Traverse Theatre as part of the Edinburgh Fringe Festival where it won a Fringe First Award in 2008.
 Soft Hands (Arabic: الأيدي الناعمة‎ translit. El aydi el naema) is a 1964 Egyptian comedy film directed by Mahmoud Zulfikar. It was entered into the 14th Berlin International Film Festival.
 As Far as My Feet Will Carry Me (German: So weit die Füße tragen) is a 2001 film about German World War II prisoner of war Clemens Forell's escape from a Siberian Gulag in the Soviet Union back to Germany. It is based on the book of the same name written by Bavarian novellist Josef Martin Bauer. The book is in turn based on the story of Cornelius Rost who used the alias Clemens Forell to avoid retribution from the KGB.
 The Yellow-bellied Chat-Tyrant (Ochthoeca diadema) is a species of bird in the order Passeriformes and the family Tyrannidae. It is 12.2 cms (4.7 inches) in length. It is a chunky bird with a short thin bill. It is mostly olive with an ochre yellow forehead and long yellow eyebrow. It has dusky colored wings and tail with two rufous tail bars. It is mostly found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. It feeds in separated pairs hunting near the ground in foliage.
 El Tiempo is a Honduran newspaper. It is owned by Jaime Rosenthal.
 The Garbage Picking Field Goal Kicking Philadelphia Phenomenon (also known as The Philadelphia Phenomenon) is a 1998 television movie starring Tony Danza from Walt Disney Pictures.
 Fancy is the fifth album by Bobbie Gentry. The first of three albums she released in 1970 it was recorded at Fame Recording Studios Muscle Shoals Alabama and eight of its ten tracks were produced by Rick Hall the other two by Bobbie Gentry herself. String arrangements were by Jimmie Haskell.
 St. Elmo is a historic residence on the National Register of Historic Places located in MidTown Columbus Georgia at 2808 18th Avenue.[citation needed].Colonel Seaborn Jones drew all the plans for his home and called it El Dorado land of beauty. The house was begun in 1828 and completed in 1833. The materials used to build this house with the exception of the marble and the mahogany were taken from the property itself. A small lake now fills the place where the clay was removed.
 Cerno (Ljubuški) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Ljubuški.
 The LS Tower (Korean: LS 타워 엘에스 타워) is the headquarters of the Korean cable manufacturer LS Cable & System and is located in Anyang South Korea. The construction works for the 20-story building began in 2006 and LS Cable & System moved its headquarters to LS Tower after its completion in 2008. LS Tower was built to host 1500 people 17 of its 20 stories are above ground level and 3 below.
 IVY Hotel + Residences which integrates the historic Ivy Tower is a 302-foot (92 m) skyscraper in Minneapolis Minnesota. It was completed in summer of 2008 and has 25 floors 6 elevators and 136 hotel rooms and 70 residential units.The building integrates the historic Ivy Tower which was originally built in 1930 as the Second Church of Christ Scientist for the Church of Christ Scientist. Designed by Thomas R.
 The Ghiula River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 The Aluniş River (also called Moghioroş River or Pârâul Mic Sărat) is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 Assagao (pronounced [aːsɡãːw]) is a village in Bardez Goa located about 4 kilometres west of Mapusa. The polular beaches of Anjuna and Vagator are to the west of Assagao. Assagao Union High School is located in the village.
 Philadelphonic (1999) was the fourth album by G. Love & Special Sauce released in 1999.
 Strong Hall is an administrative hall at the University of Kansas in Lawrence Kansas United States. The hall is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Eden is a 1959 science fiction novel by Stanisław Lem. It was first published in English in 1989 (ISBN 0-15-127580-7).
 Đeđevo (Cyrillic: Ђеђево) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jabuka is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 502 people. The village lies on the main road between Prijepolje and Pljevlja in Montenegro and is the first settlement in Serbia when crossing into the country.
 The Wild Party (1929) is a Pre-Code film directed by Dorothy Arzner released by Paramount Pictures and known as Clara Bow's first talkie.
 Leptinaria strebeliana is a species of small tropical air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae.
 The Mărul River is a tributary of the Finiș River in Romania.
 Deploying Renewables 2011: Best and Future Policy Practice is a 2011 book by the International Energy Agency. The book analyses the recent successes in renewable energy which now accounts for almost a fifth of all electricity produced worldwide and addresses how countries can best capitalize on that growth to realise a sustainable energy future.
 Shushabad (Persian: شوش اباد‎ also Romanized as Shūshābād and Sūshābād) is a village in Tarand Rural District Jalilabad District Pishva County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1037 in 223 families.
 The painted ringtail possum or moss-forest ringtail possum (Pseudochirulus forbesi) is a species of marsupial in the Pseudocheiridae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 The John Lippincott House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Carl Haffner’s Love of the Draw (German: Carl Haffners Liebe zum Unentschieden) is a 1998 chess novel by Austrian writer Thomas Glavinic. It was Glavinic's first novel and is about a shy and withdrawn Viennese chess master who in 1910 challenges the World Champion for his title. The book was translated into English in 1999 by John Brownjohn for London-based publisher Harvill Press.
 Cerros de Tocorpuri is a volcanic complex located along the border between Bolivia and Chile. Cerros de Tocorpuri's summit crater has a diameter of 1.4 km.On its west side lies a rhyolite lava dome called Cerro La Torta (Cake Hill) named so because of its cylindrical cake shape.Cerro La Torta has a volume of about 5 cu km and the height of this lava dome above the surrounding terrain is about 450 m.
 The Grauspitz (Vorder Grauspitze or Vorder Grauspitz on some maps) is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps located on the border between Liechtenstein and Switzerland. With an elevation of 2599 metres above sea level the Grauspitz is the highest mountain in Liechtenstein. It is also the highest summit of the Rätikon range west of the Schesaplana massif.
 From the Bottom 2 the Top is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Coolio. It was released on July 2 2009 by Subside Records. The following songs Boyfriend Cruis Off Motivation were taken from Coolio's previous album Steal Hear which was released in 2008.
 Cargills Square is a shopping mall in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka. The mall is located in the heart of the city at the junction of Hospital Street and Mahathma Gandhi Road opposite Jaffna Hospital. Work on the Rs.500 million shopping and entertainment complex started in September 2011. The mall opened in the last quarter of 2013.
 Piz Uccello is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking the San Bernardino Pass in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range culminating at the Einshorn.
 Take the Message Everywhere is the debut album release for Jesus music/gospel music performers Andraé Crouch and the Disciples.
 Saroornagar Lake is a lake in Hyderabad India. From the year of its creation in 1626 the lake remained largely clean until 1956 when Hyderabad expanded. Spread over 99 acres (40 ha) the lake was restored by the Hyderabad Urban Development Authority in 2003–04 at a cost of 200 million (US$3.3 million). After the restoration of the lake migratory birds returned to the lake in big numbers a few years later.
 Wonder Woman is a 2009 direct-to-DVD animated superhero film focusing on the superheroine of the same name. The plot of the film is loosely based on George Pérez's reboot of the character specifically the Gods and Mortals arc that started the character's second volume in 1987. It is the fourth in the line of DC Universe Animated Original Movies released by Warner Premiere and Warner Bros.
 Emarat Al Youm (Standard Arabic: الإمارات اليوم al-Imārāt al-yawm - meaning The Emirates Today) is an Arabic newspaper published by Dubai Media Incorporated. The paper is published in Dubai. It was launched on 19 September 2005. The newspaper content focuses on domestic issues and other topics of interest to Arab readers.
 The Elm Bank Horticulture Center is the home of the Massachusetts Horticultural Society located at 900 Washington Street (Route 16) Wellesley Massachusetts United States. The former estate grounds includes open fields and meadows streams and pools wooded areas and formal gardens.
 Ropalopus sanguinicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Ropalopus.
 Room to Grow is the third CD by Nashville Tennessee-based singer/songwriter Adrienne Young.
 Copelatus celinoides is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1952.
 Scimitarbills (also spelt Scimitar-bills) are three species of African bird belonging to the genus Rhinopomastus. They are often classified in the woodhoopoe family Phoeniculidae; however genetic studies show that they diverged from the true woodhoopoes about 10 million years ago and so they are sometimes placed in a family of their own the Rhinopomastidae.They are smaller than most woodhoopoes and their bills are strongly curved like a scimitar giving them their name.
 Gérard Araud (born 20 February 1953) is the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations. Before that he was Director General for Political and Security Affairs of the French Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs.
 Turn the Key Softly is a 1953 British drama film directed by Jack Lee and starring Yvonne Mitchell Joan Collins Kathleen Harrison and Terence Morgan. Lee and producer Maurice Cowan also wrote the screenplay based on the novel of the same name by John Brophy dealing with the first 24 hours of freedom for three women released on probation from prison on the same morning.
 Kachchi Sadak is a 2006 Bollywood film directed by Sanjay D Singh. The film stars Rahul Singh Parmita Katkar Madhoo Mukesh Tiwari Amrish Puri Rahul Dev and Mithun Chakraborty in a Special appearance.Kachchi Sadak is a slew of masala movies released with rapid succession in the 1970s and 1980s. An ordinary story line of revenge and vengeance with loads of blasts and explosions.
 Hustler's P.O.M.E. (Product of My Environment) is the third studio album by American hip hop recording artist Jim Jones. It was released on November 7 2006 in the United States under Diplomat and Koch.
 Trinity Church Cemetery consists of three separate burial grounds associated with Trinity Church in Manhattan New York USA. The first was established in the Churchyard located at 74 Trinity Place at Wall Street and Broadway.
 Darren Hayman & the Secondary Modern is the second studio album by British singer-songwriter Darren Hayman. It is his first with his backing band the Secondary Modern. It was released by The Track & Field Organisation in 2007.
 Garra orientalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 The Quinnipiac River is a river in the New England region of the United States located entirely in the state of Connecticut.It rises in west central Connecticut from Dead Wood Swamp west of the city of New Britain.
 Gemmula ambara is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Zhang Haipeng (simplified Chinese: 张海鹏; traditional Chinese: 張海鵬; pinyin: Zhāng Hǎipéng; Wade–Giles: Chang Hai-p'eng Hepburn: Chō Kaihō) (1867–1949) was a Chinese Northeastern Army general who went over to the Japanese during the Invasion of Manchuria and became a general in the Manchukuo Imperial Army of the state of Manchukuo.
 Río Piedras is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Nyceryx nictitans is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Brazil to Argentina and in Peru and Bolivia. It can be distinguished from other Nyceryx species by the hindwing upperside which has an orange base a dark brown marginal band of even width and the lack of semitransparent spots. There are two or three thin black but distinct lines on the underside of the abdomen.Adults are probably on wing year round.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Aspidosperma macrocarpa.
 Starościn [staˈrɔɕt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Xanadu is a 1980 romantic musical fantasy film written by Richard Christian Danus and Marc Reid Rubel and directed by Robert Greenwald. The title is a reference to the nightclub in the film which takes its name from Xanadu the summer capital of Kublai Khan's Yuan Dynasty in China. This city appears in Kubla Khan by Samuel Taylor Coleridge a poem that is quoted in the film. The film's plot was inspired by 1947's Down to Earth.
 American Renaissance (AR or AmRen) is a website replacing the magazine founded by Jared Taylor and published by the New Century Foundation. The website publishes original content but mainly presents news stories from various sources concerning race and political affairs.American Renaissance has been described as a white supremacist publication by the Anti-Defamation League and by Espeth Reeve of The Atlantic Wire.
 I.N.R.I. is a 1923 German silent religious epic film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Gregori Chmara Henny Porten and Asta Nielsen. The film is a retelling of the events leading up to the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. It was based on a 1905 novel by Peter Rosegger. It was also known by the alternative title Crown of Thorns. The film uses a framing device set in modern Russia. The film is generally conventional in its treatment of the story except for the character of Judas Iscariot.
 Gleiberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Laurel Mall is a shopping mall which opened in 1972 just NW of Hazleton Pennsylvania. It features three anchor stores as well as a 10-theater Regal Cinemas Old Navy and Aldi. In July 2005 the mall was sold by PREIT to Laurel Mall LLC for $33.5 million including assumed debt of $22.6 million. In August 2008 radio station WBHT sponsored a performance by the boy band Menudo at Laurel Mall.
 Francis Frank Field (23 December 1904 – 4 June 1985) was an Australian politician.Born in North Carlton to public servant William John Field and Kate Emily Honeybone he attended St Mary's Primary School in Dandenong and St Kevin's College before studying at Melbourne University from which he graduated with a Master of Arts and a Bachelor of Law. In 1930 he was admitted as a solicitor practising in Dandenong and Melbourne.
 Lt. Colonel Daya Perera PC (died June 16 2013) was a Sri Lankan diplomat and lawyer who was the Sri Lankan High Commissioner to Canada and Ambassador to the United Nations in New York City.
 Mazraeh-ye Hasan Shakhesi (Persian: مزرعه حسن شخصي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩasan Shakheşī; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Allahabad Rural District Zarach District Yazd County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Meade Glacier is located in the Goat Rocks region in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is within the Goat Rocks Wilderness of Snoqualmie National Forest .25 mi (0.40 km) south of Conrad Glacier and immediately east of Gilbert Peak. Meade Glacier is split into three sections and the lower ablation zone at 6400 ft (2000 m) is not connected to the upper accumulation zone at 7800 ft (2400 m).
 William Henry Hastie Jr. (November 17 1904 – April 14 1976) was an American lawyer judge educator public official and advocate for the civil rights of African Americans. He was the first African American to serve as Governor of the United States Virgin Islands as a Federal judge and as a Federal appellate judge.
 Orthotylus sicilianus is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that is endemic to Sicily.
 Legacy of Dissolution is a tribute album featuring remixes of tracks by Earth.
 The Slocan River is a 97-mile (156 km) long tributary of the Kootenay River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is part of the Columbia River basin as the Kootenay River is a tributary of the Columbia River. Its drainage basin is 3290 square kilometres (1270 sq mi) in area.
 Bhatauliya is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4490.
 Allan (Al) Henry Hollingworth (August 28 1918 – August 16 2005) was a Canadian lawyer politician and judge.Born in Brockville Ontario he attended Brockville Collegiate Institute before receiving a Bachelor of Arts degree and a Bachelor of Commerce degree both from Queen's University in 1942. During World War II he served as an intelligence officer in the Royal Canadian Air Force.
 Shadow of the Giant (2005) is the fourth novel in Orson Scott Card's Ender's Shadow series.
 Salisbury Black Friary was a friary in Wiltshire England.
 Catch My Smoke is a 1922 American silent western film directed by William Beaudine. It starsTom Mix Lillian Rich and Claude Payton.
 Antona subluna is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 This Leaden Pall is the fourth album released by UK rock band Half Man Half Biscuit in 1993.The album cover features a bleak overdeveloped picture of the now demolished Hale Wood pub in Halewood Merseyside.
 Laughable Loves (Czech: Směšné lásky) is a collection of seven short stories written by Milan Kundera in which he presents his characteristic savage humourTemplate:Really? by mixing the extremes of tragedy with comic situations in (mostly romantic) relationships.
 Diario de Manila was a Spanish language newspaper published in the Philippines founded on October 11 1848 and closed down by official decree on February 19 1898 after the colonial authorities discovered that its installations were being used to print revolutionary material.The Diario was edited by Felipe del Pan and published by the Ramirez y Compañia whose headquarters were based in Intramuros Manila and its business and editorial offices in Binondo.
 Jastew [ˈjastɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dębno 4 km (2 mi) east of Brzesko and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 550.
 Tân Lâm is a commune (xã) and village in Xuyên Mộc District Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu Province in Vietnam.
 Mopsy was a comic strip created by Gladys Parker in 1939. It had a long run over three decades. Parker modeled the character of Mopsy after herself. In 1946 she recalled I got the idea for Mopsy when the cartoonist Rube Goldberg said my hair looked like a mop. That was several years ago and she has been my main interest ever since.
 Buffalo Bill and the Indians or Sitting Bull's History Lesson is a 1976 revisionist Western directed by Robert Altman and based on the play Indians by Arthur Kopit. It stars Paul Newman as William F.
 Asota paphos is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the north-eastern Himalaya to Sundaland.The wingspan is 55-59 mm.
 Cheikh Bamba Dieye is a Senegalese politician who has served in the government of Senegal as Minister of Regional Planning and Local Government since April 2012. Previously he was Mayor of Saint-Louis Senegal as well as a Deputy in the National Assembly of Senegal; he was also a candidate in the 2012 presidential election. Cheikh Bamba Dièye is a member of the political party Front for Socialism and Democracy/Benno Jubël.
 Live at Leeds 2007 is a live album by indie rock band Shed Seven self-released by weekly download on a Friday starting on 15 May 2009. After the release of track 7 Return shedseven.com announced the rest of the album would be released on a fortnightly basis.
 An Imperative Duty is a short realist novel by William Dean Howells published in 1891. The novel explores the idea of passing through the racially mixed character of Rhoda Aldgate a young woman whose aunt informs her that she is one-sixteenth African American. Rhoda lived her whole life passing as a white person.
 Automóvil Panamericano or simply Automóvil (Spanish for Panamerican automobile) is a Mexican automotive enthusiast magazine first published on 1995. Owned by Motorpress-Televisa and partner of the German Auto Motor und Sport it is the ninth most read magazine in Mexico and the most read Spanish language automotive magazine in the world.Critical testing motor sports and buyers guidance have been a regular since its founding.
 Piasek [ˈpjasɛk] (German: Sand) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Górowo Iławeckie 13 km (8 mi) west of Bartoszyce and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Miedwinka is a river of Poland. It terminates into Lake Miedwie.
 Peter Youree (April 23 1843 – July 13 1914) was an American businessman and banker from Shreveport Louisiana. In 1910 he directed the construction of his city's first skyscraper the ten-story Commercial National Bank Building. He also financed the construction of his massive Youree Hotel — later called the Washington Youree Hotel — in downtown Shreveport. He was president of the Louisiana Bankers Association from 1908-1909.
 The Girl and Her Trust is a 1912 American film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 The Sylvanus Wade House located in Greenbush Wisconsin United States is a former stagecoach inn that provided lodging and meals to travelers in the era in Wisconsin just after its 1848 statehood. The three-story wooden Greek Revival building was built by Sylvanus Wade in 1850 and quickly gained landmark status for its large size and stylish appearance.
 Opistognathidae the jawfishes are a family of fishes classified within the order Perciformes suborder Percoidei. They are native to warmer parts of the Atlantic Pacific and Indian Oceans where found from the shallows to depths of a few hundred meters. The species level taxonomy is complex and the family includes several undescribed species.Physically similar to blennies most jawfish species are small fish (up to 10 cm or 3.9 in) with an elongated body plan.
 Phantomime (ファントマイム Fantomaimu) is the second mini-album of Japanese rock band 9mm Parabellum Bullet. The CD contains a DVD featuring music videos of (Teenage) Disaster and Talking Machine. The songs Sector and Mr. Suicide were later re-recorded for The World e.p..
 The Man from Earth is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Tor Books in 1983. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Analog Science Fiction and Fact If Astounding Galaxy Science Fiction and Space Stories.
 Teinoptila bolidias is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in China (Gansu Hubei Hunan Shaanxi Yunnan Zhejiang) and Thailand.The wingspan is 21-27 mm
 The Aitkin Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library in Aitkin Minnesota United States. It was built in the Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The building now houses the Jaques Art Center.
 Goin' Back to Dixie is a bluegrass album by American musician John Hartford released in 1992 (see 1992 in music).
 The Samuel Gridley and Julia Ward Howe House is a historic building built in 1804 and located at 13 Chestnut Street in Boston Massachusetts United States especially important as the home from 1863-1866 to Julia Ward Howe and Samuel Gridley Howe.
 The Yellow-billed Nunbird (Monasa flavirostris) is a species of puffbird in the Bucconidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps and heavily degraded former forest.
 Beast-box redirects here. For the Transformers character see Beas-tbox (Transformers).The Key To Joy Is Disobedience was a box set released by the group Coil. It contains the following releases: Live Four Live Three Live Two Live One ANS and Megalithomania!. The set is often incorrectly referred to as Live Box. Upon its release the set cost just under $200. Other than CDs the set contains four art prints one of which is signed and one of which contains an actual drawing.
 The Aquitaine Progression is a novel by Robert Ludlum originally published in 1984.
 Better Than Raw is the eighth studio album by German power metal band Helloween released in 1998. The album spawned the singlesI Can and Hey Lord!.The album was recorded at Chateau du Pape and Crazy Cat studios in Hamburg and at Mi Sueno studio in Tenerife. It was produced and mixed by Tommy Hansen at Chateau du Pape and mastered by Ian Cooper at Metropolis London.
 Gramoz Pashko (11 February 1955 – 16 July 2006) was an Albanian economist and politician. He cofounded the Democratic Party of Albania in 1990. He served lately as the rector of the University of New York Tirana. He was married to Mimoza Ruli.
 Crvena Crkva (Serbian Cyrillic: Црвена Црква meaning Red Church) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Bela Crkva municipality in the South Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority (93.96%) and its population numbering 729 people (2002 census).
 The Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Valea Fiașului River in Romania.
 A Son Called Gabriel is a 2004 novel by author Damian McNichollSet in Northern Ireland in the sixties and seventies this novel describes the coming-of-age and sexual awakening of Gabriel Harkin.
 In Love is singer Cheryl Lynn's second studio album on Columbia Records in 1979.
 Kraczewice Rządowe [krat͡ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ ʐɔnˈdɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniatowa within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 La Venere dei pirati internationally released as Queen of the Pirates is a 1960 Italian adventure film directed by Luigi Capuano.
 Bosara dilatata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Borneo Peninsular Malaysia Sulawesi and in New Guinea.
 Machzikei Hadas (literally translated from Hebrew as 'Supporters of the law') is an Orthodox synagogue in Ottawa Ontario. Werner Edgar Noffke (architect) designed thsynagogue on King Edward Avenue at Murray Street (1926-27). Dr. Reuven Bulka has served as Rabbi of the Ottawa synagogue since 1967. In 1994 it was the first synagogue in the Commonwealth of Nations to be granted arms by the Canadian heraldic authority.[1] The synagogue had a membership of 550 families in 2007.
 Bon Tut (Persian: بن توت‎ also Romanized as Bon Tūt) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 18 families.
 Kadalora Kavithaigal (Tamil: கடலோர கவிதைகள்) (English: Coastal Poems) is a 1986 Indian Tamil language film starring Satyaraj Rekha Raja Janagaraj and Kamala Kamesh and This movie is a blockbuster and remade into Telugu as Aradhana with Chiranjeevi and Suhasini. This was debut film for Rekha Raja and Ranjani.The movie was a turning point in Actor Sathyaraj's career. It successfully completed 200 days in theaters.
 Cyclotorna is a genus of moths the sole one of family Cyclotornidae with five recognized species. The family is endemic to Australia. This family and the closely related Epipyropidae are unique among the Lepidoptera in that the larvae are ectoparasites the hosts in this case typically being leafhoppers sometimes scale insects.
 Eledone nigra is a little-known species of octopus described from one male and six females which were taken in Luderitz Bay Namibia and has only been recorded subsequently in 1941. 1983 and 1991 all from Luderitz Bay.
 Virgins is a 1984 fiction novel written by Caryl Rivers.
 The Mother Hunt is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by Viking Press in 1963.
 Alsópáhok is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Oslo City Hall (Norwegian: Oslo rådhus) houses the city council city administration and art studios and galleries. The construction started in 1931 but was paused by the outbreak of World War II before the official inauguration in 1950. Its characteristic architecture artworks and the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony held on 10 December makes it one of Oslo's most famous buildings. It was designed by Arnstein Arneberg and Magnus Poulsson.
 Durmuş Yılmaz (born 1947) is a Turkish economist and was the Governor of the Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey between 2006 and 2011.
 The Nallamalas (Telugu: నల్లమల్ల కొండలు) (also called the Nallamalla Range) are a section of the Eastern Ghats which stretch primarily over Kurnool Mahabubnagar Guntur Prakasam and Kadapa districts of the state of Andhra Pradesh India. They run in a nearly north-south alignment parallel to the Coromandel Coast for close to 430 km between the rivers Krishna and Pennar. Its northern boundaries are marked by the flat Palnadu basin while in the south it merges with the Tirupati hills.
 Paul Chiu (Chinese: 邱正雄; pinyin: Qiū Zhèngxióng; born 19 February 1942) is a politician in the Republic of China. He was the Vice Premier in 2008-2009.
 The World That Summer (or The Wörld Thät Sümmer as it appears on the album packaging) is an album by Death In June released in 1986.Originally recorded between 1985 and 1986 and previously available only on LP format The World That Summer was reissued on CD digipack packaging complete with varnished cover artwork and a booklet with photos and lyrics in 2000.Douglas P. is accompanied on this album by David Tibet (as Christ'777') and Andrea James (part of the duo 'Somewhere in Europe').
 Guericke is the remnant of a lunar crater at the north part of the Mare Nubium. To the north-northwest lies the large Fra Mauro formation along with the co-joined craters Parry and Bonpland. To the east are the craters Kundt and Davy.The surviving rim of Guericke has been worn battered and partly submerged by the basaltic lava that covers the floor. The wall is now little more than a circular series of ridges that join with rises that flow to the north northwest and south.
 The Lady Takes a Flyer is a 1958 romantic drama film made by Universal International Pictures. It was directed by Jack Arnold and written by Danny Arnold based on story by Edmund H. North.
 Sir Arthur Harold Tange AC CBE (18 August 1914 – 10 May 2001) was a prominent Australian senior public servant of the middle to late 20th century. A considerable intellect he was one of the most influential people in the government of Australia for nearly 30 years earning him respect and disdain in equal measure. He was best known for his controversial role in reforming the organisation of the administration of the Australian Department of Defence in the 1970s.
 Acalyptris minimella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is widespread and common in the western Mediterranean region usually not far from the sea. It has been recorded from Portugal Spain France Italy Croatia Ibiza Mallorca Corsica Sardinia and Sicily. It is also present in North Africa where it has been recorded from Morocco Algeria and Tunisia.The wingspan is 4.1-5.8 mm. There are two or more generations per year.The larvae feed on Pistacia lentiscus and Pistacia terebinthus.
 Terese L. Berceau is a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 76th Assembly District since 1998.Berceau was born in Green Bay Wisconsin and graduated from Green Bay East High School. She attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison where she received a Bachelor of Science in 1973.
 Corynoptera elegans is a species of fungus gnat in the genus Corynoptera found in La Plata Argentina.
 Dr. John Lord House is a historic home located at Busti in Chautauqua County New York. It is a two-and-a-half-story wood-frame Gothic Revival–style residence built in 1867.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Davy Crockett and the River Pirates is a 1956 live-action Walt Disney adventure film starring Fess Parker as Davy Crockett. It was shot in Cave-In-Rock Illinois.
 Värssu is a village in Pühalepa Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Žman is a village in Croatia.
 Samachar Darpan (Bengali: সমাচার দর্পণ) was a Bengali weekly newspaper published by the Baptist Missionary Society from the Baptist Mission Press at Serampore in the first half of the 19th century. It is considered to be the first Indian-language newspaper although some historians contend that the Bengali weekly Bengal Gazetti published by Ganga Kishore Bhattacharya had begun publication earlier.
 College English is an official publication of the American National Council of Teachers of English and is aimed at college-level teachers and scholars of English. The peer-reviewed journal began in 1939 when it was spin off from The English Journal.The journal publishes articles on a range of topics related to the teaching of English language arts at the college level including literature rhetoric critical theory and pedagogy.
 Kilsyth Terrace is a historic building at 15–27 Kilsyth Road in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Wólka Krowicka [ˈvulka krɔˈvʲit͡ska] (Ukrainian: Вілька Коровицька Vil’ka Korovyts’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Lubaczów and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 420.
 Daily Maverick is a South African daily online newspaper founded in 2009 and edited by Branko Brkic and published by Styli Charalambous. It is run by an independent private company. According to the Daily Maverick website the publication is a unique blend of news information analysis and opinion delivered from our newsroom in Johannesburg South Africa.
 In the Nude is the third album released by Luther Campbell. It was released on July 12 1993 for Luke Records and was produced by Mike Fresh McCray and John Swift Catalon. In the Nude was another success for Luke making it #54 on the Billboard 200 and #8 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The album contained several diss tracks towards Luke's then rival Dr.
 Old Brick Church is a historic church off VT 35 in Athens Vermont.It was built in 1817 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Strzyżewko [stʂɨˈʐɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaraczewo within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Jaraczewo 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Jarocin and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Face to Face is the fourteenth studio album by British rock band Barclay James Harvest released in 1987.The working title for the album whilst recording was in progress was Elements but there was a last-minute change to Face to Face.
 Fin de siecle is the second live album by Polish gothic rock band Closterkeller. It was released on February 29 2000 in Poland through Polskie Radio. The album was recorded on October 1999 at Program 3 Polskiego Radia studio Warsaw. The cover art was created by Anja Orthodox and Marti Pietraszkiewicz and fotos by Dariusz Kawka and Anja Orthodox.
 For the usage in cinema see Version originale (cinema)Version Originale is the fourth album by Melbourne singer-songwriter Lisa Miller. It is an album of original material which followed up her previous album Car Tape a collection of cover versions. Thus the name of the album. It was released in Australia in 2003 and earned nominations in the 2004 ARIA Awards for Best Female Artist and Best Adult Contemporary Album.
 Sandra L. Sandy Pappas (born June 15 1949) is a Minnesota politician and the 48th and current President of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) she represents District 65 which includes portions of Saint Paul in Ramsey County in the Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 Saša Radulović (Serbian Cyrillic: Саша Радуловић) is a Serbian economist. He is a former Minister of Economy.
 Remington Glacier is a steep glacier about 7 nautical miles (13 km) long in Doyran Heights in the Sentinel Range of Ellsworth Mountains Antarctica. It rises just north of McPherson Peak and flows east-southeast to debouch between the terminus of Hough Glacier and Johnson Spur. Discovered by U.S.
 Bambi is a 1942 American animated drama film directed by David Hand (supervising a team of sequence directors) produced by Walt Disney and based on the book Bambi A Life in the Woods by Austrian author Felix Salten.
 Kolki is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1892 people living in 354 individual households.
 Quindocqua United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church located at Marion Somerset County Maryland. It is a single-story roughly cruciform frame building resting on a raised foundation of common bond brick erected in 1913. It features pointed-arch colored glass windows on three sides fishscale shingles in the gables and a three-story bell tower topped by a pyramidal roof.
 Texas (1985) is a novel by James A. Michener based on the history of the Lone Star State. Characters include real and fictional characters explorers (particularly Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca) Spanish and German Texan settlers ranchers oil men aristocrats Chicanos and others all based on extensive historical research - although not so much in the part describing the origins of a family of Germany where Michener got his facts funtamentally wrong.
 Skøelva or Skøelv is the second largest village in the municipality of Sørreisa in Troms county Norway. The village is located along the Reisafjorden about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) west of the municipal centre of Sørreisa. The village is located along the mouth of the river Skøelva. Skøelv Chapel is located in the village.
 You Can't Trust a Ladder is the first studio album from indie rock band The Myriad. It was released on June 14 2005 through Floodgate Records.
 Motorcyclist is a motorcycling magazine in the United States. The magazine is headquartered in Irvine California and is published by Bonnier. The former editor in chief Brian Catterson was previously the executive editor at the rival Cycle World. The current editor is Marc Cook a veteran of several motorcycle publications including Motorcyclist.Motorcyclist was sold by the hall of famer Bill Bagnall (also its editor for 20 years) to Petersen Publishing in 1970.
 Javadiyeh-ye Bugar (Persian: جواديه بوگر‎ also Romanized as Javādīyeh-ye Būgar; also known as Javādīyeh) is a village in Dezhkord Rural District Sedeh District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 57 families.
 Geumhaksan is a mountain in the county of Cheorwon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 947 m (3107 ft).
 South San Ramon Creek is a 9.3-mile-long (15.0 km) southward-flowing stream in Alameda County and southern Contra Costa County California USA. The creek is a tributary to Arroyo de la Laguna and is being actively protected as of 2007 by the city of San Ramon and other entities to preserve riparian zone habitat.
 Elizabeth A. Crowley (born October 22 1951) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island Senate representing District 16 since January 2009.
 Back to the Beat is the ninth album by the turntablist Rob Swift. It was released on February 13 2003 by On the Strength Records and was produced by Rob Swift.
 Daily News also known as Daily News Coverage is a widely circulated evening English newspaper published by the Jang Group of Newspapers. It is published from Karachi Pakistan. Wajid Shamsul Hasan was its editor for over two decades beginning in the 1960s.[citation needed]
 Barmanj (Persian: برمنج‎ also Romanized as Barmenj Barminjand Bārmūnj) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 14 families.
 Pseudophaloe troetschi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in Panama.
 The Yellow-crowned Parakeet (Cyanoramphus auriceps) is a species of parakeet endemic to the islands of New Zealand. The species is found across the main three islands of New Zealand North Island South Island and Stewart Island/Rakiura as well as on the subantarctic Auckland Islands. It has declined due to predation from introduced species such as stoats although unlike the Red-fronted Parakeet it has not been extirpated from the mainland of New Zealand. Its Māori name is kakariki.
 The James Stephen Hoover and Elizabeth Borland Memorial Chapel is located in Eau Claire Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000 for its architectural significance.
 29 is the eighth studio album by alt-country singer-songwriter Ryan Adams released on December 19 2005 on Lost Highway. Produced by Ethan Johns and recorded prior to the formation of backing band The Cardinals the album was the last of three released in 2005. Session guitarist JP Bowersock would later go on to join the Cardinals subsequently recording Cold Roses and Jacksonville City Nights alongside Adams.
 Qaddita (Arabic: قدّيتا‎ transliteration: Qaddîtâ) was a Palestinian Arab village of 240 located 4.5 kilometers (2.8 mi) northwest of Safad. It was captured and depopulated in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War with some of its inhabitants fleeing to nearby Akbara where they live as internally displaced Palestinians and others to refugee camps in Lebanon or Syria.
 The King and Maxwell book series is a crime novel book series created by David Baldacci. There are currently six books in the series featuring two former Secret Service agents Sean King and Michelle Maxwell.
 The Sărata River is a tributary of the Prut River.
 Kugurluy (Ukrainian: озеро Кугурлуй) is a lake in the south-western Ukraine in the south of Bessarabia. It is in complex of the Danube river delta.
 Gun Blaze West (ガン ブレイズ ウエスト Gan Bureizu Uesuto) is a manga series by Nobuhiro Watsuki and published in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump in 2001. The story follows Viu Bannes a young gunfighter on his journey towards a Gun Blaze West the place where the greatest gunmen go to test their strength.The manga is collected in three volumes and released in Germany and North America.
 Image Lake is a tarn in Glacier Peak Wilderness in the North Cascades of Washington United States. The lake is surrounded by Plummer Peak to the east a lookout point to the west the Miners Creek drainage and Glacier Peak to the south and Canyon Lake to the north. The course of the popular Miners Ridge Trail skirts the lake.
 Newswatch is a Nigerian weekly news magazine published by Newswatch Communications Limited in Nigeria.
 Simon Murdoch CNZM (born 1948) is a New Zealand diplomat and public servant. He was New Zealand’s Secretary of Foreign Affairs and Trade and was previously New Zealand High Commissioner to Canberra and Chief Executive of the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet.
 Mawali No.1 is a 2002 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Leela V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Ranjeet and Sadashiv Amrapurkar
 Las mujeres mandan (The Women Rule) is a 1937 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes.
 The Calhoun Mine is perhaps the oldest and best-known mine in Lumpkin County Georgia. When gold was discovered in Lumpkin County in 1828 which led to the Georgia Gold Rush in 1829 it was discovered on 239 acres (0.97 km2) owned by Robert Obar. After at least two intermediary sales the land was purchased by Senator John C. Calhoun of South Carolina who was also the 7th Vice President of the United States.
 Indispensable is the nineteenth studio album by Mexican singer Lucero. The album was released on 21 September 2010 in the United States and Mexico. It debuted at number 1 on iTunes the same date of its release it became Lucero's first number 1 album on that list. The first single from the album Dueña de tu Amor (Eng: Owner of your love) is part of the soundtrack of the #1 telenovela in Univision Soy tu dueña.
 Flora Fountain at the Hutatma Chowk (Martyr's Square) is an ornamentally and exquisitely sculpted architectural heritage monument located at the southern end of the historic Dadabhai Naoroji Road called the Mile Long Road at the Fort business district in the heart of South Mumbai Mumbai India. Flora Fountain built in 1864 is a fusion of water architecture and sculpture and depicts the Roman goddess Flora. It was built at a total cost of Rs.
 Eimhjellevatnet or Emhjellevatnet (also known as Storfjorden) is a lake in Hyen area of Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 11.39-square-kilometre (4.40 sq mi) lake is located in the western part of the municipality near the border with Flora Municipality. The villages of Eimhjellen and Solheim can be found along its shore and the village of Straume lies about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) to the north.
 Echinolittorina albicarinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 The Ruda Mică River is a tributary of the Şercaia River in Romania.
 The Cernuc River is a headwater of the Gârbou River in Romania.
 Sharp Farmhouse is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. It was built about 1875 and is a two story L shaped building with Stick/Eastlake style detailing. It features a gable roof with carved exposed framing and a small ocular window.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Gethsemane Episcopal Church is an historic church in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is one of the oldest extant churches in Minneapolis and is significant for its Gothic Revival architecture.Architect Edward Stebbins modeled the church on small Gothic style churches in rural England. It is proportioned rather broadly as opposed having tall proportions which is rather unusual for churches designed in the late 19th century.
 So What is a live album by George Russell released on the Blue Note label in 1987 featuring performances by Russell with his Living Time Orchestra recorded in 1983 in Boston. The Allmusic review by Richard S.
 Rough Trails is a Star Trek: New Earth novel written by L.A. Graf.
 Maggie Goes on a Diet is a children's book by Paul Kramer about weight management in childhood aimed towards children aged 6–12. According to WorldCat the book is held in 22 libraries as of February 2014.
 Paul H. Boucher was an American City manager who served as Town Manager of Saugus Massachusetts and Village Manager of Ellenville New York and Maywood Illinois.
 The Minder (Spanish: El Custodio) is a 2006 Argentine drama film directed by Rodrigo Moreno. It was co-produced by Argentina Uruguay France and Germany. (In English the title literally means: The Bodyguard.)The motion picture features Julio Chávez as the bodyguard and Osmar Núñez as the man he protects for a living. The film tells of bodyguard Rubén who is in charge of protecting Artemio the Argentine's Minister of Planification.
 Šuman Topla is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 77 people.
 Daniel Stevenson Foster (born January 31 1948) was a Democratic member of the West Virginia Senate representing the 17th District from 2004 through 2012. He was previously a member of the West Virginia House of Delegates from 2002 through 2004.
 The Temple (1996) is a third-person narrative short story by the writer Joyce Carol Oates.
 Khorramabad (Persian: خرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād and Khurramābād) is a village in Razmavaran Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 7 families.
 Andrew Wines currently serves as the Councillor for Enoggera Ward in the Brisbane City Council. He was first elected in 2008 as part of Campbell Newman's team and then returned in 2012 as part of Lord Mayor Graham Quirk's team.The Enoggera Ward comprises over 35000 residents and covers the suburbs of Alderley Enoggera Ferny Grove Gaythorne Grange Keperra Mitchelton and Upper Kedron.
 The Ardea formerly 3720 is a 30-story99.06 m (325.0 ft) apartment skyscraper in the South Waterfront district of Portland Oregon. The building was completed in March 2009 however was turned over in phases allowing occupancy beginning in August 2008. The Ardea was developed by Gerding Edlen designed by GBD Architects and constructed by Hoffman Construction.
 Honeysuckle Rose (also known as On the Road Again) is a 1980 romantic drama film directed by Jerry Schatzberg and starring Willie Nelson Dyan Cannon and Amy Irving.
 ReadySexGo is the third and final album from Atlanta rock band Marvelous 3. It was released on September 12 2000. The album produced two singles Sugarbuzz and Get Over that received moderate regional airplay.
 Lygephila minima is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in southern Russia (the Stavropol region) and Armenia.The wingspan is about 33 mm. The forewing are beige with silver shining irrorated with a few blackish-brown scales. The hindwings are beige brown.
 Cass Timberlane is a novel written by Sinclair Lewis published in 1945. It is Lewis' nineteenth novel and one of his last.It was made into a romantic drama film starring Spencer Tracy and Lana Turner directed by George Sidney and released in 1947.Timberlane is a minor character in Lewis's 1947 novel Kingsblood Royal.
 Tall-e Gachi (Persian: تل گچي‎ also Romanized as Tall-e Gachī; also known as Tall-e Khoshkī) is a village in Kuhak Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Lake Fryxell is a lake 4.5 kilometres (2.8 mi) long between Canada Glacier and Commonwealth Glaciers at the lower end of Taylor Valley in Victoria Land Antarctica. Mapped by the British Antarctic Expedition under Robert Falcon Scott 1910-13 the lake was visited by Professor T.L. Péwé during USN Operation Deep Freeze 1957-58 who named it for Dr. Fritiof M. Fryxell glacial geologist of Augustana College Illinois.
 Lincoln: A Photobiography is an illustrated biography of Abraham Lincoln written by Russell Freedman and published in 1987. The book won the Newbery Medal in 1988. It was the first nonfiction book to do so in 30 years.The photobiography covers Lincoln's entire life: his childhood his stint as a lawyer his courtship and marriage to Mary Todd Lincoln as well as his ascent from Congressman to President.
 Cheraghabad (Persian: چراغ اباد‎ also Romanized as Cherāghābād) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 10 families.
 Band of Angels is a 1957 romantic drama film set in the American South before and during the American Civil War based on the novel of the same name by Robert Penn Warren. It starred Clark Gable Yvonne De Carlo and Sidney Poitier. The movie was directed by Raoul Walsh.
 World Demise is a 1994 album by American death metal band Obituary. A music video was made for the track Don't Care.
 Mount Helen (8538 feet (2602 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Mount Helen rises immediately to the northwest roughly 3100 feet (940 m) above Upper Two Medicine Lake. The Continental Divide of the Americas passes through the summit of Mount Helen.
 Warchest is a box set from the American heavy metal band Megadeth. Warchest features five discs (4 CD + DVD) and features studio tracks demos and live recordings of a number of the band's songs from its first ten studio albums and rarities EP.
 Arasvikfjord or Arasvikfjorden is fjord in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The fjord is located between Aure Municipality and Halsa Municipality in the Nordmøre region of the county. The fjord is part of the larger Vinjefjorden near where the Valsøyfjorden branches off to the south. The European route E39 highway runs along the south shore of the fjord through the village of Valsøyfjord.
 Gordon Muortat Mayen Maborjok (1922–2008) was a South Sudanese veteran politician and a struggler for the rights and freedom of the South Sudanese people. He was the President of the Nile Provisional Government (NPG) which led Anyanya I; Southern Sudan's first armed resistance to Khartoum which started in 1955. Muortat also served as Vice-President of the Southern Front (SF) and Foreign Minister in the Southern Sudan Provisional Government (SSPG).
 Death Is Called Engelchen (Czech: Smrt si říká Engelchen) is a 1963 Czechoslovak war film directed by Ján Kadár and Elmar Klos. It was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Golden Prize.
 Cadmans Cottage is the oldest surviving residential building in Sydney having been built in 1816 for the use of the governmental coxswains and their crews. The building is heavily steeped in the history of Sydney also claiming the title as the first building to have been built on the shoreline of The Rocks area.
 Chief Emeka Anyaoku GCVO CON (born 18 January 1933) was the third Commonwealth Secretary-General. He is a Nigerian of Igbo descent.
 Longitarsus candidulus is a species of beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae that can be found in Croatia France Italy (including the islands of Corsica and Sardinia) Portugal Spain and Yugoslavia.
 A Good Country Mile is a collaboration between Kevn Kinney and The Golden Palominos released independently on February 21 2012
 Bloodletting & Miraculous Cures is a short story collection by Vincent Lam published in 2006. The book inspired by Lam's own experiences in medical school and as a professional physician is a volume of interconnected short stories about the lives and relationships of Fitzgerald Ming Chen and Sri four young medical students in Toronto.Bloodletting won the 2006 Scotiabank Giller Prize.
 Dianne Wilkerson (born May 2 1955) is a former Democratic member of the Massachusetts Senate representing the 2nd Suffolk District from 1993 to 2008.On October 28 2008 she was arrested on public corruption charges by the FBI for allegedly accepting bribes totaling $23500. She formally resigned on November 19 2008. On June 3 2010 she pleaded guilty to eight counts of attempted extortion.
 Robert Charles (Bob) Kucera (born 6 November 1944 in Cardiff Wales) is an Australian politician.
 The Union County Courthouse is a courthouse in El Dorado Arkansas United States the county seat of Union County built in 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The courthouse was built in the Classic Revival and Greek Revival styles by Mann & Stern and anchors the center of Union Square.
 A.E.I.O.U. is the second studio album by Polish pop/R&B/hip-hop group Sistars released on September 26 2005 through Warner Music Poland.A.E.I.O.U. won the 2005 Fryderyk Award for Hip-Hop/R&B Album of the Year. It was also nominated in the Best Album Design category (Wydawnictwo Specjalne – Najlepsza Oprawa Graficzna).
 Gehle is a river of Lower Saxony Germany. Also it is a German last name and many German citizens have it.
 Deh-e Chal (Persian: ده چل‎') is a village in Pian Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Uşak Museum of Archaeology (Turkish: Uşak Arkeoloji Müzesi) is an archaeological museum in Uşak in western Turkey. Founded on May 23 1970 the museum is best known for its exhibitions of Karun treasure.In the museum items are on exhibition like sculptures pitchers with beaklike spout and stone axes from the Bronze Age earthen dishes and glassware from the Hellenistic and Ancient Roman Period stelae from the nearby Roman ancient ruin site of Blaundus.
 Raval River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Gir forest. Its basin has a maximum length of 65 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 436 square kilometres (168 sq mi).
 Yang Xizong (Chinese: 杨析综; 1928 – 21 July 2007) was a politician of the People's Republic of China. He served as Communist Party Chief of Henan province and Governor of Sichuan province.
 Chulas Fronteras is a documentary film from 1976 which tells the story of the norteño or conjunto music which is played on both sides of the Mexico–Texas border. It was directed by Les Blank. A CD soundtrack of the music played in the film is also available under the same title.In 1993 this film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 Grand Trunk Station is a historic railroad station in Lewiston Maine.The station located at the corner of Lincoln and Beech Streets was built in 1874 by the Lewiston and Auburn Railroad Company and leased to the Grand Trunk Railway connecting Lewiston with the Canadian National Railway.
 Ostereidet Church (Norwegian: Ostereidet kyrkje) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Ostereidet. The church is part of the Ostereidet parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The red concrete church was built in 1988 by the architect Bengt Suleng. The church which seats about 350 people was consecrated on 18 December 1988.
 Sparks Turn to Flames is a 2003 album by the Icelandic hardcore band I Adapt.
 Rohuzg (Persian: رهوزگ‎ also Romanized as Rohūzg Rohrozg Rehīzeg Rehīzek Rohūq and Ruhūzg) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 Oedipina alleni is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ring of Fire is a 2013 biographical television film directed by Allison Anders about the life of June Carter Cash and Johnny Cash. It stars Jewel Kilcher as June Carter Cash and Matt Ross as Johnny Cash. It was nominated for four Primetime Emmys in 2013 including Outstanding Directing for a Miniseries Movie or a Dramatic Special.
 Dive! was a 300-seat restaurant located in the Marketplace food court of the Century City Shopping Center Beverly Hills CA. Owned and operated by director Steven Spielberg Dive! opened in May 1994 and was a popular hangout of celebrities until it closed in January 1999.
 Asa Mahan (1799 – 1889) was a U.S. Congregational clergyman and educator and the first president of Oberlin College and Adrian College.
 Fransiskus Xaverius Hadi Rudyatmo (born 13 February 1960) or know F.X. Hadi Rudyatmo is an Indonesian politician and the current Mayor of Surakarta. His party is Indonesian Democratic Party – Struggle (PDI-P).
 The Vara is a river of the Province of La Spezia in Liguria north-west Italy which runs through Varese Ligure Brugnato Borghetto di Vara and Castiglione di Vara. At 58 km it is the longest river in Liguria. The main source of the river is on Monte Zatta; for much of its course it flows in a southeasterly direction parallel to the Riviera di levante in the valley which takes its name: the Val di Vara.
 Aar is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Dane Alan Looker (born May 5 1976) is a former American football wide receiver and current member of the Puyallup Washington school board. He was signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent in 2000. He played college football at University of Washington.Looker has also played for the New England Patriots and Detroit Lions.
 Bulamaji (Persian: بولاماجي‎ also Romanized as Būlāmājī; also known as Balā Mājī Bolāmājī Bulamachi and Būlāmājeh) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 421 in 109 families.
 WTC View is an American film released in 2005 based on the 2003 play of the same name by Brian Sloan that traces the search for a roommate in the weeks following 9/11. Eric (Michael Urie) a gay photographer places an ad for a new roommate on September 10 2001 for his apartment with a view of the World Trade Center. He encounters prospective roommates in varying stages of grief including a campaign worker for mayoral candidate Mark J.
 Catch My Soul is a 1974 film produced by Jack Good and Richard M. Rosenbloom and directed by Patrick McGoohan. It was an adaptation of Good's stage musical of the same title which itself was loosely adapted from William Shakespeare's Othello. It was not a critical success.
 Eugnosta desinens is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Krogulna [krɔˈɡulna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokój within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Pokój 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Namysłów and 31 km (19 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Chera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Enteucha gilvafascia is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in coastal southern Florida.The wingspan is 3.1-3.7 mm. Adults have been collected from April to late June and again from early October to early January. There seem to be two generations per year.The larvae feed on Coccoloba uvifera. The mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is extremely long and narrow. The mines mostly occur near the margin of the leaf and only occasionally cross the main midrib.
 Friends in Low Places is Volume II of the novel sequence Alms for Oblivion by Simon Raven published in 1965. It was the second novel to be published in The Alms for Oblivion sequence and is the fifth novel chronologically. The story takes place in and around London in 1959.
 Muskaan is a 2004 Indian Bollywood film directed by Rohit- Manish. It stars Aftab Shivdasani and Gracy Singh in pivotal roles.
 Duncan George Stewart (1904-1949) was a British colonial administrator. He was later mortally wounded in an assassination by Rosli Dhobie on 3 November 1949 in Sibu Sarawak.Little is known about Stewart. He was born in Transvaal South Africa schooled at Winchester College and later earned his BA from Oriel College Oxford. He was married and had three children.
 Canto de amor is a 1940 Argentine film directed and written by Julio Irigoyen.
 Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Arthur Sackville Trevor Griffith-Boscawen PC (18 October 1865 – 1 June 1946) was a Wales-born British Conservative Party politician whose career was cut short by losing a string of Parliamentary elections.Griffith-Boscawen was born in Trefalyn Denbighshire son of Captain Boscawen Trevor Griffith who assumed the additional surname of Boscawen in 1875. He was educated at Rugby School and Queen's College Oxford.
 John Verkamp (born c. 1940) is an American attorney and politician in Arizona; he served as a county attorney for 12 years and was elected to four terms as a Republican state representative. He served one term as a state senator but decided not to run for re-election in 2002 after redistricting moved his base of Flagstaff to a primarily Democratic district. Continuing to disagree with the Republicans over the issues of the Iraq War which he opposed in 2005 Verkamp joined the Democrats.
 Don't Stop the Revolution is the second and last album by New Zealand band Breathe released in 2000.
 Baltimore is an album by Nina Simone. After completing the album Nina expressed her dissatisfaction with it on numerous occasions mainly because she had no say in the arrangements selection of songs and the cover picture. Despite this critics were positive about the album and it gave a resurgence to Nina's then fading career.
 End Blood is a two-track EP by Brooklyn-based experimental rock group Yeasayer. It was released by We Are Free on 16 April 2011 for Record Store Day on an exclusive 7 vinyl format and subsequently released digitally on 3 May 2011. The two songs were tracks that did not fit the album Odd Blood.
 Cooper's Run Baptist Church is a historic church building in Shawhan Kentucky.It was built in 1803 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Kalinówka [kaliˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Wyszki 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Mitromorpha salisburyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Tinkham Mountain (8442 feet (2573 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Lexington was an 18th-century plantation on Mason's Neck in Fairfax County Virginia United States. The estate belonged to several generations of the Mason family.Lexington was originally part of the Gunston Hall plantation land tract. It was given to George Mason's eldest son George Mason V in 1774. In 1775 George Mason V named his plantation to commemorate the Battle of Lexington in Massachusetts.
 Charlie Chan in Egypt is the eighth 20th Century Fox Charlie Chan film starring Warner Oland in the title role. It was released in 1935.
 Start Breaking My Heart is Manitoba's 2001 debut album released by The Leaf Label. The album was re-released in 2006 by Domino after he took on his new moniker Caribou. The styles and themes of the album have been compared to those of Boards of Canada Four Tet and Aphex Twin.
 The United Nations Secretariat Building is a 154 m (505 ft) tall skyscraper and the centerpiece of the United Nations Headquarters located in the Turtle Bay area of Manhattan in New York City. The lot where the building stands is considered United Nations territory although remains part of the United States.
 Kuorinka is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the region of Northern Karelia in Finland.Whole lake and the shores (13 km2) are protected in Natura 2000 conservation program (code FI0700089) due to lakes oligotrophic waters containing very few minerals of sandy plains.
 Closed Circuit (Italian: Circuito chiuso) is a 1978 Italian crime film directed by Giuliano Montaldo. It was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Dirt Rag is a mountain bike magazine based out of Pittsburgh PA. The magazine covers many aspects of mountain-bike culture.
 Away Goes Prudence (1920) is a silent film comedy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. This picture was directed by John S. Robertson and starred Billie Burke. Screen writer Josephine Lovett provided a story direct for the screen. This is now considered a lost film.
 Some Night Somewhere is a live album by The Blackeyed Susans given away with copies of Mouth To Mouth sold around December 1996 as a Christmas bonus disc. It was recorded live at the Continental Café in Melbourne and was a limited edition CD.
 The Boa Viagem River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Young Magicians is an anthology of fantasy short stories edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in October 1969 as the seventh volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series. It was the second such anthology assembled by Carter for the series issued simultaneously with the first Dragons Elves and Heroes.The book collects eighteen modern fantasy tales and poems by various authors with an overall introduction and notes by Carter.
 Tylko dla dorosłych (Polish pronunciation: [ˌtɨlkɔ dla dɔˈrɔswɨx] English: Only for adults) is an album released by Polish rapper O.S.T.R. on February 26 2010. The album reached #1 on the OLiS charts.
 Partulina terebra is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Goodbye Falkenburg is the debut full length album by the band Race Horses. It was released in 2010.
 The Admiral Apartments originally the Wheeldon Apartments and also known as the Admiral Hotel Apartments is a five-story brick Tudor Revival apartment building in downtown Portland Oregon United States that was built in 1909. It has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1990.
 The Great Jazz Piano of Phineas Newborn Jr is an album by jazz pianist Phineas Newborn. Accompanying him on trio sessions are Leroy Vinnegar or Sam Jones on bass and either Milt Turner or Louis Hayes on drums.
 The Subatomic Monster [1985] is a collection of seventeen nonfiction science essays written by Isaac Asimov. It was the eighteenth of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction these being first published between June 1983 and October 1984. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1985.
 First Congregational Church of Cuyahoga Falls (also known as Pilgrim United Church of Christ) is a historic church at 130 Broad Boulevard in Cuyahoga Falls Ohio.It was built in 1847 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Joseph Ernest Cyr (September 4 1854 – April 12 1929) was a Canadian politician.Born in Montreal Quebec the son of Michel Cyr and Mary-Louise Moquin Cyr was educated at St. Laurent College near Montreal. He moved to St. Boniface Manitoba in 1882 and was mayor in 1885. A notary he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in an 1883 by-election held following the death of Alexander Kittson. Cyr was defeated when he ran for reelection to the Manitoba assembly in 1888.
 Betrayal (also known as Lady Jayne: Killer) is a thriller film released in 2003. The film stars Erika Eleniak Julie du Page Adam Baldwin James Remar and Louis Mandylor.
 Flinton Creek is a creek in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Hastings and Lennox and Addington Counties in Ontario Canada.
 The Gellibrand River is a river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It arises in the Otway Ranges near Beech Forest and enters Bass Strait at Princetown.It was named after Joseph Gellibrand a solicitor from Van Diemen's Land.
 Monk-Punk is the 2nd studio album by the Finnish avant-garde progressive metal band Waltari.
 Pielinen is the fourth largest lake of Finland with a drainage basin area of 12823 km2 (4951 sq mi) that is equally distributed between eastern Finland and Russia. The creation of the lake and its outlet is attributed to a post-glacial isostatic rebound which resulted in uplift of the land.
 Reality Hunger: A Manifesto is a book by American writer David Shields published by Knopf on February 23 2010. The book is written in a collage style mixing quotations by the author with those from a variety of other sources. The book's manifesto is directed toward increasing art's engagement with the reality of contemporary life through the exploration of hybrid genres such as prose poetry and literary collage.
 Desperate Remedies is a 1993 New Zealand drama film directed by Stewart Main and Peter Wells. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ectinosomatidae is a family of the Harpacticoida a huge group of crustaceans belonging to the subclass Copepoda. Like most of their relatives they are usually benthic inhabitants of marine environments. Ectinosomatidae commonly inhabit sediment and fragments of dead corals or glass sponges and occasionally algae and bryozoans in the deep oceans. In the epifaunal species the first leg pair is often modified to allow the animals a better grip on the substrate.
 The Radbuza (Czech pronunciation: [ˈradbuza]; German: Radbusa) is a 112 km long river in the Czech Republic the right tributary of the Mže. Its source is situated at the foot of Lysá mountain (869 metres) near the village of Závist near Domažlice. It passes through the villages and towns of Rybník Smolov Bělá nad Radbuzou Horšovský Týn Staňkov Holýšov Stod Chotěšov Zbůch and Dobřany before flowing into the river Mže in Plzeň.
 The Malecon Center is a complex of skyscrapers in Santo Domingo Dominican Republic. The complex is divided into four towers: Malecon 1 Malecon 2 Malecon 3 and Hilton Santo Domingo. The three Malecon towers each with a height of 122.4 m (402 ft) are the second tallest buildings in the Dominican Republic. Each Malecon tower has 31 floors and the Hilton Santo Domingo has 21 floors for a total of 114 floors in the complex.
 78 in the Shade is a Small Faces album released on the Atlantic label in 1978 and re-issued in 2005 on Wounded Bird. The album was created during the brief re-union of the band in the 1970s. The follow up to the reunion album Playmates 78 like its predecessor stiffed and the band broke up soon afterwards.
 Whitefish Lake is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins on the border between the Cashel portion of Tudor and Cashel Hastings County and Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County in Ontario Canada.The lake is about 1.1 kilometres (0.7 mi) long and 0.9 kilometres (0.6 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 336 metres (1102 ft) about 11 kilometres (7 mi) northeast of the community of Gunter and 18 kilometres (11 mi) northwest of the community of Cloyne.
 The Râușor is a tributary of the Cosău River in Romania.
 Sierra del Merendón is a mountain range extending on the eastern border of Guatemala and Honduras. Its south-western border is marked by the Lempa River valley its northern border by the Motagua River valley. The mountain range has several different biomes and habitats including cloud forests.The Cusuco National Park (Parque Nacional El Cusuco) is located on the Honduran side and protects an area 23440 hectares of temperate forest in the Merendón mountain range.
 The Bamenda Apalis (Apalis bamendae) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.It is endemic to Cameroon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and dry savanna.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Brattleboro Reformer is the third-largest daily newspaper in the U.S. state of Vermont. With a weekday circulation of just over 10000 it is behind the Burlington Free Press and the Rutland Herald respectively.
 Gliszcz [ɡliʂt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Sicienko and 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 First African Baptist Church is a historic church at 264-272 E. Short Street in Lexington Kentucky. The congregation was founded c. 1790 by Peter Durrett and his wife slaves who came to Kentucky with their master Rev. Joseph Craig in 1781 with The Traveling Church of Baptists from Spotsylvania Virginia.
 Kafteh Rud (Persian: كفته رود‎ also Romanized as Kafteh Rūd; also known as Kaft Rūd) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 893 in 247 families.
 Opus Nocturne is the third studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded and mixed at Hellspawn Studios in September 1994 and released that December by Osmose Productions. It was re-released in digipak format that included bonus rehearsal tracks on June 27 2006. Opus Nocturne is the last Marduk album to feature Joakim Göthberg on vocals and Dan Swanö as mixer.
 Laurel G. Bellows is the Founder and Managing Principal of The Bellows Law Group P.C. in Chicago Illinois. She graduated from Loyola University Chicago School of Law in 1974. Bellows served as president of the American Bar Association from August 2012 to August 2013. She previously chaired the ABA's Commission on Women in the Profession. Bellows has also previously served as the head of the Chicago Bar Association.
 Flashman in the Great Game is a 1975 novel by George MacDonald Fraser. It is the fifth of the Flashman novels.
 Wait to Pleasure is the second studio album by Canadian shoegazing band No Joy. The album was released in April 2013 under Kemado Records and Mexican Summer Records.
 Julie Roberts is the debut album from American country music artist Julie Roberts. Released in 2004 on Mercury Nashville Records the album produced three singles for Roberts on the Billboard country charts. Break Down Here was the only one of these singles to reach Top 40 peaking at 18. The second and third singles The Chance and Wake Up Older reached No. 47 and No. 46 respectively.
 My Man (1928) is a black and white part-talkie American comedy-drama musical film from Warner Brothers Pictures starring Fannie Brice and Guinn 'Big Boy' Williams The tagline was FANNIE BRICE (The Female Al Jolson) in the SINGING-TALKING VITAPHONE PICTURE MY MAN. This was Fannie Brice's first ever movie at the age of 37. Before she made movies she was a star in the Ziegfeld Follies. At the time this movie was made there were still some silent movies in production and being released.
 Stenoptilia orites is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in New Zealand.The larvae feed on the flowers of Senecio and Brachyglottis species.
 The Home Song Stories is an Australian film released in 2007. Written and directed by acclaimed Tony Ayres of Walking on Water (2002) The Home Song Stories stars Joan Chen Joel Lok Qi Yu Wu Irene Chen Steven Vidler and Kerry Walker.The film was announced as the Australian entry for the Foreign Language Film category of the Oscars. It received a total of nine nominations at the 2007 Inside Film Awards which were held on 16 November at Crowne Plaza Royal Pines Resort Gold Coast.
 Eupithecia convallata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Afghanistan and Iran.
 Hypomolis aldaba is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1894. It is found in Ecuador.
 Let's Put the Future Behind Us is a speculative fiction novel by Jack Womack set in post-Soviet Russia and released in 1996.
 Marshall Ney Chrisman Jr. (born May 1 1933) is a businessman from Ozark in Franklin County in northwestern Arkansas who served from 1969 to 1970 as a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives. For a single term he represented Franklin and neighboring Johnson counties. In 1980 and 1982 Chrisman fell far short in primary bids against Frank D. White for the Republican gubernatoirial nomination.
 Alex Attwood MLA (born 26 April 1959) is an Irish politician who served as Minister for Environment in the Northern Ireland Executive. He is a member of the Social Democratic and Labour Party and represents Belfast West in the Northern Ireland Assembly and is currently active on Twitter as AlexForEurope
 The Little Match Girl (Danish: Den Lille Pige med Svovlstikkerne meaning The little girl with the matchsticks) is a short story by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen. The story is about a dying child's dreams and hope and was first published in 1845. It has been adapted to various media including animated film and a television musical.
 Hoplosternum littorale a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) belonging to the Callichthyinae subfamily of the family Callichthyidae. It is known as tamuatá in Brazil atipa in French Guiana hassar in Guyana kwi kwi (or kwie kwie [1]) in Suriname cascadu(ra) in Trinidad and busco or currito in Venezuela.
 The Journal of International Commercial Law and Technology is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal covering international commercial law and technology. It is published by the International Association of IT Lawyers. The editor-in-chief is Sylvia Kierkegaard. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus Academic OneFile HeinOnline and EBSCOHost.
 The 35th of May or Conrad's Ride to the South Seas (Der 35. Mai oder Konrad reitet in die Südsee in German its original language) is a novel by Erich Kästner first published in 1931. Unlike most of Kästner's other works - set in a completely realistic contemporary Germany - the present book is a work of fantasy and satire.
 The Book of Basketball: The NBA According to the Sports Guy is the second book by ESPN columnist Bill Simmons.
 YOU is a Japanese josei manga magazine published by Shueisha.
 Cocksucker Blues is an unreleased documentary film directed by the still photographer Robert Frank chronicling The Rolling Stones American Tour 1972 in support of their album Exile on Main St.
 Docks of San Francisco is a 1932 American crime film directed by George B. Seitz. The film is now considered to be a lost film.
 The Rossland Range is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains of the Columbia Mountains located between the Columbia River and Big Sheep Creek in British Columbia Canada.
 Flood the Tanks is an album by the Northern Irish singer songwriter Iain Archer. The album was originally released in 2004 but was later re-packaged and re-released on a different label in 2005. The songs Running in Dreams  and Boy Boy Boy were released as singles.
 Devrai is a Marathi drama film released on March 11 2004. Directed by Sumitra Bhave & Sunil Sukhtankar produced by K. S. Wani Memorial Trust & Schizophrenia Awareness Association. The film stars Atul Kulkarni Sonali Kulkarni Devika Daftardar Tushar Dalvi. The films music is by Shrirang Umarani.The films is based on a schizophrenic struggling to come to terms with his illness and the frustration of his helpless sister.
 First Presbyterian Church Rectory is a historic Presbyterian church rectory located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1857 and is a 2 1⁄2-story brick dwelling on a raised basement in the Second Empire style. It is five bays wide and features a bellcast mansard roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The related church was added at the same time.
 Stone of Farewell is the second novel in Tad Williams' Memory Sorrow and Thorn trilogy. The saga follows a young man named Simon as he is caught up in an epic adventure.
 Gervan (Persian: گروان‎ also Romanized as Gervān and Garrevān) is a village in Beyza Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 50 families.
 Warszewo [varˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Judendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Młynary 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Elbląg and 70 km (43 mi) north-west of the regional Willie Miller Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia) Judendorf (lit.:Jewsvillage) was renamed Hermannswalde in 1936 by Nazi German authorities.
 Lake Stymphalia (Greek: Λίμνη Στυμφαλία - pron. Límnē Stymphalía) is located in the north-eastern part of the Peloponnese in Corinthia southern Greece. It is a Wetlands area a popular farming area. Usually this area around the lake is fairly dry underfoot. In certain weather conditions thousands of small green frogs hide in the damp grass from the aquatic snakes.
 Yevgeny Vasylovych Shevchuk (Ukrainian: Євге́н Васи́льович Шевчу́к tr. Yevhen Vasylovych Shevchuk Moldovan Cyrillic: Евгений Васильевичи Шевчук Romanian: Evgheni Vasilievici Șevciuk Russian: Евге́ний Васи́льевич Шевчу́к tr. Yevgeniy Vasilyevich Shevchuk; born 19 June 1968) is an ethnic Ukrainian and the President of the internationally unrecognized Pridnestrovian Moldovan Republic. He was a deputy to the Supreme Soviet of Transnistria from 2000 until his election as president in 2011.
 Christ the King Cathedral is a Roman Catholic church in Gaborone Botswana. It is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gaborone. The current bishop is Valentine Tsamma Seane.
 Kistamási is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Arjundhara is a village development committee in Jhapa District in the Mechi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12815 people living in 2408 individual households.
 Rhochmopterum is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Marie Joseph Louis Adolphe Thiers (French: [lwi adɔlf tjɛʁ]; April 15 1797 – September 3 1877) was a French politician and historian. He was a leading historian of the French Revolution with a multivolume history that argued that the republicanism of the Revolution was the central theme of modern French history.Thiers served as a prime minister in 1836 1840 and 1848. He was a vocal opponent of Emperor Napoleon III who reigned 1848–71.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse–Alexandria located in Alexandria Louisiana was built in 1932 pursuant to the Public Buildings Act of 1926. Also known as Alexandria Federal Building it is an Art Deco Moderne architecture building. It served historically as a post office as a courthouse and as a government office building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.The building was designed by Shreveport Louisiana architect Edward Neild.
 The River Biss is a small river in Wiltshire England and is a tributary of the Avon. The name is of uncertain origin; it is claimed that the word is from the Old Norse bisa meaning to strive.
 Abernethy is a small community of 197 people in Saskatchewan Canada ranking 4037th in Canada in terms of population located about one hour east of Regina and one hour west of Yorkton. The current mayor is Janet Englot and the town council consists of Brian Wilkes Roy Bearden Beverley Halford and Kevin Stryker.
 Exodus is a Christian compilation album featuring various artists of Contemporary Christian Music such as dc Talk Jars of Clay Third Day and Michael W. Smith. The album is noted for recreations of two well-known songs: Third Day recreates Michael W. Smith's Agnus Dei with a version still played on the radio today and Michael W. Smith recreates I See You a song written by Rich Mullins and also plays the song on his second worship album Worship Again.
 Nermin Nikšić (27 December 1960) is Bosnian politician who serves as Prime Minister of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Australia's Peril is a 1917 Australian silent film directed by Franklyn Barrett. It is considered a lost film.
 Three Tales is a collection of three science fiction fantasy and horror stories by author Howard Wandrei. It was released in 1995 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 500 copies. The book was given to guests at the 1995 World Fantasy Convention in order to promote Wandrei's forthcoming collection Time Burial. Two of the stories originally appeared in the magazine Astounding Stories. The other first appeared in Weird Tales. The entire contents of the chapbook are included in Time Burial.
 Eugene Tapin House is a historic house at 215 Lebanon Hill Road in Southbridge Massachusetts. The large Tudor Revival house was built in 1929 at a time when rural portions of Southborough were gradually become suburbanized. It is one a few high style Tudor homes in the city. It was built by F.X. LaLiberte to a design by LaLiberte's son Oswald for the latter's sister and her husband Camille and Eugene Tapin.
 York Art Gallery in York England is a public art gallery with a collection of paintings from 14th-century to contemporary prints watercolours drawings and ceramics. It closed for major redevelopment in 2013 reopening in the spring or summer of 2015. It is managed by York Museums Trust.
 Aasiyil Oru Kaditham (English: A Letter With Love) is a 1999 Tamil film directed by Selva. The film stars Prashanth and Kausalya Vivek in the lead roles along with Chandini(Debut) Vijayakumar Rajan P.Dev (late) Santhana Bharathi Charlie Vaiyapuri Dhamu.The film was a remake of Telugu film Snehitulu.
 The Black-necked Wattle-eye (Platysteira chalybea) is a species of bird in the Platysteiridae family. It is found in Angola Cameroon Equatorial Guinea and Gabon. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Die Pretty Die Young is the second album by the band Tormé.Shortly after this album singer Phil Lewis joined the band L.A. Guns.
 Joe Bertram III is an American politician from the Hawaiian island of Maui who served as a member of the Hawaii House of Representatives. A Democrat he represented the 11th district in south Maui which includes the communities of Wailea-Makena and Kihei his hometown. He was a candidate for reelection in 2010 but lost the general election to Republican nominee George R. Fontaine.
 Pariambus is a genus of amphipod crustaceans comprising the two species Pariambus typicus and Pariambus minutus.
 Cone of Silence is a 1960 British drama film directed by Charles Frend and starring Michael Craig Peter Cushing and Bernard Lee. The film is about the investigation into a series of crashes involving the fictional Atlas Aviation Phoenix jetliner.
 Sorkhan (Persian: سرخان‎ also Romanized as Sorkhān; also known as Sorkhīn and Surkhīn) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 43 families.
 Ashok Pradhan is an Indian industrialist and politician. He stood for the 1996 Lok Sabha elections on Bhartiya Janta Party (BJP) ticket and was elected Member of Parliament from Noida-Khurja constituency in Uttar Pradesh. Ashok Pradhan is a former Minister of State Govt. of India in the third Vajpayee ministry for various ministries - Consumer Affairs- Food & Public Distribution Human Resources & Development.
 The Small Minivet (Pericrocotus cinnamomeus) is a small passerine bird. This minivet is found in tropical southern Asia from the Indian subcontinent east to Indonesia.
 Northern Hotel is a historic building located in the Downtown Core of Billings Montana at 19 North Broadway. The hotel was first built in 1902 by two of Billings early business tycoons P.B. Moss and Henry W Rowley. The hotel opened in 1904. The hotel which had hosted Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson was destroyed by a huge fire in 1940.
 Room 6 is a 2006 horror film starring Christine Taylor Shane Brolly Jerry O'Connell and Ellie Cornell. The film was directed and co-written by Michael Hurst. Mark A. Altman also helped pen the film.[citation needed]
 Sisurcana clavus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is about 23 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream densely sprinkled and strigulated with brownish. The markings are brown. The hindwings are cream suffused grey posteriorly and with brown-grey strigulation.
 Anthidium clypeodentatum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Lepidomys bilinealis is a species of snout moths in the genus Lepidomys. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is known from Panama.
 Mad is an American humor magazine founded by editor Harvey Kurtzman and publisher William Gaines in 1952.
 Por Trás do Pano is a 1999 Brazilian comedy-drama film directed by Luiz Villaça. It stars Denise Fraga Pedro Cardoso Luís Melo Ester Góes and Marisa Orth.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Chaghakhor Rural District Boldaji District Borujen County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 13 families.
 The Palace of the Four Winds (Polish: Pałac Pod Czterema Wiatrami) also known as the Tepper Palace is a rococo palace in Warsaw located at ulica Długa (Long Street) 38/40.
 Line Bus is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 Sir Louis Francis Loder CBE (30 December 1896 – 11 February 1972) was a senior Australian public servant and policymaker. He was head of the Department of Works between 1945 and his retirement in 1961.
 Witness to Murder is a 1954 suspense film starring Barbara Stanwyck. While the film received moderately positive reviews it ended up as an also-ran to Alfred Hitchcock's somewhat similar Rear Window which opened less than a month later. The latter picture was a box-office hit.
 Makian (Persian: ماكيان‎ also Romanized as Mākīān; also known as Māhkīān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 40 families.
 Chedra inquisitor is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It was described by Hodges in 1966. It is found in Illinois.
 Air Battle Force is a 2003 thriller novel written by Dale Brown.
 The San Pellegrino Pass (Italian: Passo San Pellegrino) (1918 m) is a high mountain pass in the Italian Alps. It connects the municipalities of Moena and Falcade. The ski resort Trevalli is located at the pass. The area is also popular in summer for rock climbing. The Cima Uomo peak stands nearby.
 Icabarú River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Extraordinary Adventures of Mr. West in the Land of the Bolsheviks (Russian: Необычайные приключения мистера Веста в стране Большевиков) is a 1924 film by Soviet director Lev Kuleshov. It is notable as the first Soviet film that explicitly challenges American stereotypes about Soviet Russia.
 Underground is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Brian Aherne Elissa Landi Cyril McLaglen and Norah Baring. The film examines the lives of ordinary Londoners and the romance between them set on and around the London Underground.
 Cloverdale is a village in Putnam County Ohio United States. The population was 168 at the 2010 census.
 They're Only Chasing Safety is the fourth album by American metalcore band Underoath. The album was released on June 15 2004 through Solid State Records.
 The Kayabukiya Tavern (居酒屋 かやぶき izakaya kayabuki) is a traditional-style Japanese sake-house restaurant (izakaya) located in the city of Utsunomiya north of Tokyo Japan. The location attracted international attention in 2008 when the Western media reported the tavern and its news movies were uploaded to YouTube.The tavern's owner Kaoru Otsuka owns two pet macaque monkeys who are currently employed to work at the location.
 The Drawing of the Dark is a historical fantasy novel by Tim Powers published in 1979 by Del Rey Books.
 By George is a 1967 play about George Bernard Shaw based on his writings.
 Saint Paul's Church National Historic Site is a United States National Historic Site located on South Columbus Avenue in Mount Vernon New York just north of the New York City borough of The Bronx. The site was authorized in 1978 to protect Saint Paul's Church from increasing industrialization of the surrounding area. Saint Paul's Church was one of New York's oldest parishes and was used as a military hospital after the American Revolutionary War Battle of Pell's Point in 1776.
 Wilfrid Girouard (September 9 1891 – October 26 1980) was a lawyer judge and political figure in Quebec. He represented Drummond—Arthabaska in the Canadian House of Commons from 1926 to 1939 as a Liberal member and represented Arthabaska in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1939 to 1942.He was born in Drummondville Quebec the son of Joseph-Éna Girouard and Emma Watkins and was educated at the Collège d'Arthabaska the Collège Sainte-Marie Loyola College and McGill University.
 Sefid Barg (Persian: سفيدبرگ‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Barg) is a village in Sharvineh Rural District Kalashi District Javanrud County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 568 in 121 families.
 Walter North is an American diplomat. He serves as the United States Ambassador to Papua New Guinea Solomon Islands and Vanuatu. He began his service as Ambassador on November 7 2012.
 Céline Dion en concert (meaning Céline Dion in Concert) is a French live album by Canadian singer Celine Dion released in Quebec Canada in December 1985. It's her 11th French album and 1st live recording.
 City Lights is a 1931 American romantic comedy film written by directed by and starring Charlie Chaplin. The story follows the misadventures of Chaplin's Tramp as he falls in love with a blind girl (Virginia Cherrill) and develops a turbulent friendship with an alcoholic millionaire (Harry Myers).Although sound films were on the rise when Chaplin started developing the script in 1928 he decided to continue working with silent productions.
 Immortal Song (Arabic: لحن الخلود‎ Lahn al-Kholood About this sound listen ) is a 1952 Egyptian romance/drama film directed by Henry Barakat. It stars Farid Al Atrache Faten Hamama Majda Madiha Yousri and Seraj Munir.
 The Leffingwell Camp Site located on a barrier island of the Arctic coast of Alaska was used by polar explorer and geologist Ernest de Koven Leffingwell in the Anglo-American Polar Expedition of 1906–1908 which aimed to explore the Beaufort Sea. The expedition's ship the Duchess of Bedford was allowed to become locked in ice which eventually destroyed it.The camp site was chosen before the ship was locked in ice and was not merely the nearest landfall.
 Qillwaqucha (Quechua qillwa qiwlla qiwiña gull qucha lake gull lake hispanicized spelling Quelluacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cajamarca Region Cajamarca Province Namora District. It is situated at a height of about 3500 metres (11483 ft). The village at its eastern shore is also named Qillwaqucha (Quelluacocha).
 Vilasrao Dagadojirao Deshmukh (26 May 1945 – 14 August 2012) was an Indian politician who served as Minister of Science and Technology and Minister of Earth Sciences.Vilasrao Deshmukh was a Member of Parliament in Rajya Sabha India. He has previously held the posts of Minister of Rural Development and Minister of Panchayati Raj Government of India and Minister of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Government of India. He was a member of Rajya Sabha representing Maharashtra.
 Allan and the Ice-Gods is a novel by H. Rider Haggard featuring his recurring character Allan Quartermain based on an idea given to Haggard by Rudyard Kipling. The story details Quartermain's past life regression to a stone-age ancestor and the various adventures involved.The novel has been noted as a treatment of the topics of eugenics and evolution in literature and culture.
 Norris C. Babiera is a Filipino politician. He is Vice-Governor of Misamis Oriental. Before he became the vice-governor he was acting governor of the said province from December 1987 to February 1988.In the May 2013 midterm election he ran for governor of Misamis Oriental under the banner of the Liberal Party.
 Celaenopsidae is a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.
 John Coltrane with the Red Garland Trio is the third album by jazz musician John Coltrane issued in 1958 on Prestige Records catalogue 7123. It was recorded at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack New Jersey. In 1968 it was reissued as Traneing In Prestige catalogue 7651 and given a different cover photo as pictured.
 Lago del Frassino is a lake in the Province of Verona Veneto Italy. At an elevation of 80 m its surface area is 0.8 km².
 Moonu Pookkal is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 Stoliczka's Trident Bat (Aselliscus stoliczkanus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is found in China Laos Malaysia Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.
 Dennis R. Frederickson (born July 27 1939) is a Republican politician from Minnesota and a former Minnesota State Senator. He was first elected in 1980 when he ran for the seat being vacated by Senator Carl Jensen who was appointed to the Minnesota Tax Court and did not seek re-election. He was re-elected in 1982 1986 1990 1992 1996 2000 2002 and 2006 receiving only one serious challenge for the position back in 1982 from former New Ulm mayor and state representative Tony Eckstein.
 State's Attorney is a 1932 talking drama film made at RKO and starring John Barrymore. George Archainbaud directed and the film could more or less be considered a warm up for Barrymore when he later went to Universal to film the similar Counsellor at Law. Remade in 1937 and 1951 both titled Criminal Lawyer.
 Anthony Sigwart de Rosenroll (December 4 1857 – May 8 1945) was a politician and businessman in the Canadian province of Alberta. Born in Italy to a family of noble Swiss heritage he spent his early adulthood in Australia and New Zealand before settling in Canada in 1895. He became a prominent resident of Wetaskiwin and was acclaimed as its representative to the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories in 1898 and 1902.
 Skoki Mountain is a mountain located in Banff National Park in Alberta Canada. It is situated towards the east of the Skoki Valley at the head of the Red Deer River and is part of the Slate Range. At the base of the mountain lies Skoki Lodge a historic ski lodge constructed in 1931 where several routes up to the 2707 m (8881 ft) peak originate.Skoki Mountain was named by James F. Porter in 1911 after the Indian word for marsh or swamp.
 Somchai Wongsawat (Thai: สมชาย วงศ์สวัสดิ์ born August 31 1947) is a Thai politician a Prime Minister of Thailand in 2008 and a former executive member of the People's Power Party (PPP) whose political rights have been disenfranchised by the Constitutional Court (ConCourt) for five years.
 The green-head ant Rhytidoponera metallica often simply referred to as the green ant or sometimes the green-headed ant or the metallic pony ant is a metallic-green coloured ant generally 5–7 millimetres (0.20–0.28 in) in length that can be found throughout Australia particularly in urban and suburban areas.
 Transformation is the first album released by Signal Aout 42 after its temporary break-up.
 The Ţapu River is a tributary of the Palanca River in Romania.
 Laram Quta (Aymara larama blue quta lake blue lake hispanicized spellings Laramkkota Laram Kkota) is a lake in Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Pucarani Municipality. It lies south east of Wiñaymarka the southern part of Lake Titicaca and south of Pucarani. Laram Quta is situated at a height of about 3850 metres (12630 ft) about 1.7 km long and 0.4 km at its widest point.[citation needed]
 Trigonostoma tessella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 The Carnavalet Museum in Paris is dedicated to the history of the city. The museum occupies two neighboring mansions: the Hôtel Carnavalet and the former Hôtel Le Peletier de Saint Fargeau. On the advice of Baron Haussmann the civil servant who transformed Paris in the latter half of the 19th century the Hôtel Carnavalet was purchased by the Municipal Council of Paris in 1866; it was opened to the public in 1880. By the latter part of the 20th century the museum was bursting at the seams.
 The United States Penitentiary Atwater (USP Atwater) is a high-security United States federal prison for male inmates in California. The institution also includes a minimum-security satellite camp. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.USP Atwater is located on land formerly part of Castle Air Force Base. It is near the city of Atwater in Merced County California 130 miles from San Francisco.
 Woodside near Tuckahoe Virginia in Henrico County Virginia was built in 1858. It is a Greek Revival style villa in the countryside but not a farmhouse. It was a family home of the Wickham family of Richmond. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Rhodoleptus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Rhodoleptus comis (Bates 1892) Rhodoleptus femoratus (Schaeffer 1909) Rhodoleptus nigripennis Giesbert 1993 Rhodoleptus umbrosus Chemsak & Linsley 1982↑
 Fraction was a six-issue comic from DC Comics in 2004 in which four men in Philadelphia Pennsylvania steal the components of a powerful battle suit. The series was written by David Tischman with art by Timothy Green II and covers by Tomer Hanuka.
 Pigritia biatomella is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Walsingham in 1897. It is found in the West Indies.
 Of Love And Peace is an album by jazz organist Larry Young released on the Blue Note label. This album shows a firmer move on Young's part into the realms of free jazz.The album is Young's third for Blue Note records following on from Unity. Two of the tracks were composed by Young and the others are free jazz readings of standards.
 Lavar-e Jamil (Persian: لاور جميل‎ also Romanized as Lāvar-e Jamīl) is a village in Harang Rural District Kukherd District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Anatomy of Melancholy (Full title: The Anatomy of Melancholy What it is: With all the Kinds Causes Symptomes Prognostickes and Several Cures of it. In Three Maine Partitions with their several Sections Members and Subsections. Philosophically Medicinally Historically Opened and Cut Up) is a book by Robert Burton first published in 1621.
 If I Ran the Zoo is a children's book written by Dr. Seuss in 1950.The book is written in anapestic tetrameter Seuss's usual verse type[citation needed] and illustrated in Seuss's trademark pen and ink style.
 The Crazy Companies (Chinese: 最佳損友) is a 1988 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau and Natalis Chan. It was followed by a sequel The Crazy Companies II which was released in 1989.
 Marvin Thomas Davis known as Tommy Davis (born September 1942) is the newly elected mayor of Minden in Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana. Davis was sworn into office on November 5 2013.
 Episode II is the first mainstream studio album by Safri Duo a percussion duo from Denmark that released six classical albums before its breakthrough with the Michael Parsberg-produced hit Played-A-Live (The Bongo Song) the opening track of the album. It was released on June 26 2001 and reissued in 2002 with two additional tracks including a cover version of Sweet Freedom with vocals by American R&B/soul singer Michael McDonald.
 John Lester Hubbard Chafee (/ˈtʃeɪfiː/ CHAY-fee; October 22 1922 – October 24 1999) was an American politician. He served as an officer in the United States Marine Corps as the 66th Governor of Rhode Island as the Secretary of the Navy and as a United States Senator.
 Cadillac Mountain is a mountain located on Mount Desert Island within Acadia National Park. With an elevation of 1528 feet (470 m) its summit is the highest point in Hancock County and the highest within 25 miles (40 km) of the shoreline of the North American continent between the Cape Breton Highlands Nova Scotia and Mexican peaks 180 miles (290 km) south of the Texas border.
 Carniflora Australis is a biannual English-language periodical and the official publication of the Australasian Carnivorous Plant Society. Typical articles include matters of horticultural interest field reports and scientific studies. The journal was established in March 2003. It publishes in full colour and totals around 64 pages annually.
 Thomas Carey Hennings Jr. (June 25 1903 – September 13 1960) was an American political figure from Missouri and a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives (from 1935 until 1940) and the United States Senate (from 1951 until 1960). Born in St. Louis he attended the public schools and graduated from Cornell University in 1924 and from the law school of Washington University in St. Louis in 1926. He was admitted to the bar in 1926 and commenced practice in St.
 John Gerard Hanafin (born 27 September 1960) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician who was a member of Seanad Éireann from 2002 to 2011. He was elected by the Labour Panel. Hanafin is the brother of the former cabinet minister Mary Hanafin and the son of the former Senator Des Hanafin. He was first elected to the Seanad in 2002 and re-elected in 2007.
 Choreutis minuta is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Diakonoff and Arita in 1979. It is found on the Ryukyu Islands.
 During the Republic of Texas a two-room log cabin in Seguin Texas sheltered travelers on the frontier as early as 1844 and became known as the Magnolia Hotel. An adjoining concrete building was erected by early 1847.
 Sincerely Dears... is Yukari Tamura's second compilation album released on March 28 2007. It contains a bonus DVD with a digest version of her 2006 concert tour *fancy baby doll* filmed in Tokyo and Fukuoka and a Special Photo Book.
 On War against the Turk (German: Vom Kriege wider die Türken) was a book written by Martin Luther in 1528 and published in 1529. It was one of several pamphlets and sermons by Martin Luther about Islam and resistance to the Ottoman Empire during the critical period of territorial expansion of the Ottoman Empire in Europe marked by the capture of Buda in 1526 and the Siege of Vienna in 1529.
 Clytie haifae is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found along the coast of Algeria Morocco Sudan Egypt Lebanon and Israel.There are multiple generations per year. Adults are on wing from March to May and September.The larvae feed on Tamarix species.
 Pointe-Lebel is a village municipality in the Côte-Nord region of Quebec Canada. Its territory makes up the western half of the Manicouagan Peninsula between the mouths of the Outardes and Manicouagan Rivers.
 Qalibaf (Persian: قاليباف‎ also Romanized as Qālībāf; also known as Ghalībaf) is a village in Khondab Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 690 in 153 families.
 Rodaba is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Sara Orangetip or Pacific Orangetip (Anthocharis sara) is a butterfly which ranges along the Pacific coast of North America from Alaska to Mexico.
 Fusiturricula maesae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae. The specific name maesae is named in honor of American malacologist Virginia Orr Maes.
 My Crew My Dawgs is a T.O.K. Dancehall/Reggae fusion album released in 2001.
 Szafranki [ʂaˈfraŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Tykocin and 38 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Sjoa river provides the outlet from lake Gjende at Gjendesheim in the Jotunheimen mountains of Norway's Jotunheim National Park. It flows eastward into the Gudbrandsdalslågen river via the Heidal traditional district in the Gudbrandsdal.South of the village Randsverk it flows through Ridderspranget — a ravine named after a Norwegian myth.
 The Fruits of Fascism: Postwar Prosperity in Historical Perspective is a 1990 book by a professor of International Affairs Simon Reich.It describes the difference in the economic success of nations in post World War II Europe.
 Christ Episcopal Church and Tashua Burial Ground is a historic site including an Episcopal Church building and cemetery at 5170 Madison Avenue in Trumbull Connecticut.The site was founded in 1760 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology – Volume 1 is the first installment of Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology one of the many Alfred Hitchcock story collection books; edited by Eleanor Sullivan. Originally published in hardcover in 1976 as Alfred Hitchcock's Tales to Keep You Spellbound the book is a collection of 30 stories originally published in Alfred Hitchcock's Mystery Magazine.
 Musaharwa is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Verve is an Indian monthly fashion and lifestyle magazine for women. It was launched in 1995 and is published and edited by Anuradha Mahindra wife of industrialist Anand Mahindra. The magazine's main focus is on women's lifestyle trends fashion business and topics on Bollywood. It covers national & international fashion interviews famous business people and covers topics on latest fashion & designs.
 The Río Grande de Patillas is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Both Sides of Herman's Hermits is the fourth album released by MGM Records in the U.S. and Canada for the band Herman's Hermits. It was released in August 1966. Val Valentin was the recording supervisor. The original artwork was by Frank Frazetta. In October 1966 the band's UK label EMI/Columbia released an album of the same name but with different artwork and track listing. The UK version was re-released on CD in 2000 by Repertoire with bonus tracks that mostly combine the two albums.
 Their Greatest Hits: The Record is the career retrospective greatest hits album by the Bee Gees released on UTV Records and Polydor in November 2001 as HDCD. The album includes 40 tracks spanning over 35 years of music. Four of the songs were new recordings of classic Gibb compositions originally recorded by other artists including Emotion (Samantha Sang) Heartbreaker (Dionne Warwick) Islands in the Stream (Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton) and Immortality (Celine Dion).
 Riding with the King was singer-songwriter John Hiatt's sixth album released in 1983. It was his second of three albums with Geffen Records. Ron Nagle and Scott Mathews (credited as Scott Matthews) produced side one of the album at The Pen in San Francisco with Mathews himself playing all instruments (except guitar) and all the background vocals. The second side of the album was produced by Nick Lowe at Eden Studios in London with a group of crack pub rock musicians backing Hiatt.
 Pulmankijärvi is a medium-sized lake in the region of Lapland in Finland. The nortest part of the lake belongs to Norway.
 True Confessions is a confession magazine targeted at young women readers. It wasoriginally published by Fawcett Publications beginning in 1922.
 So You Want To Be a Wizard is the first book in the Young Wizards series currently consisting of nine books by Diane Duane. It was written in 1982 and published in the next year.In 2012 a revised New Millennium Edition was published.
 Platypus Cove is a 1983 Australian TV movie about a tugboat.
 Mount Fure (フレ岳 Fure-dake) is a mountain in the Nasu Volcanic Zone. It is located in Chitose Hokkaidō Japan. The mountain is the source of the Shiribetsu River.
 Rajoo Dada is a 1992 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by D S Azad starring Mithun Chakraborty Vijayendra Ghatge Kajal Kiran and Neeta Metha. Eventhough the film was censored in 1990 it had a theatrical release only in 1992.
 Sabaholdu Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Geometry & Topology is a peer-refereed international mathematics research journal devoted to geometry and topology and their applications. It is currently based at the University of Warwick United Kingdom and published by Mathematical Sciences Publishers a nonprofit academic publishing organisation.It was founded in 1997 by a group of topologists who were dissatisfied with recent substantial rises in subscription prices of journals published by major publishing corporations.
 The St. Luke's Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located in Seaford Sussex County Delaware. It was built in 1843 and reconstructed in 1904. It is a two-story brick Gothic Revival style building. It has a one-story chancel and battlemented three-story tower. It features stained glass lancet windows. Concrete buttresses were installed in 1943. St. Luke’s was organized by the Rev. Corry Chambers in 1835 from the remnants of the former St. Mary’s congregation.
 Agni Pariksha is a 2006 Bengali film directed by Rabi Kinagi and produced by Debendra Kuchar. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee Priyanka Trivedi Paoli Dam Dulal Lahiri Raj Rajjak and Anuradha Ray in the lead roles. Music of the film was composed by Ashok Bhadra.
 Czeczotki [t͡ʂɛˈt͡ʂɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Monmouthshire Beacon is a weekly tabloid newspaper covering the areas of Monmouthshire south Herefordshire and western Gloucestershire. It has been in continuous publication since 1837. Since 1980 the newspaper has been part of the Tindle Newspaper Group of local newspapers owned by Farnham Castle Newspapers and chaired by Sir Ray Tindle.The newspaper's editorial office is at Cornwall House Monnow Street Monmouth. The Beacon is published every Wednesday.
 Schizothorax meridionalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Sitnica [ɕitˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Biecz 13 km (8 mi) north of Gorlice and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 A Perfect Night to Go to China is a novel by David Gilmour published in 2005. It won the 2005 Governor General's Award for English language fiction.
 Toni Abela (born July 2 1957) is a Maltese politician.
 Patty Shwartz (born 1961) is a United States Circuit Judge of United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
 The Church of Saint-Bruno des Chartreux (French: Église Saint-Bruno des Chartreux or the Church of Saint Bruno of the Carthusians) is a church in Lyon until the French Revolution the church of Lyon Charterhouse (chartreuse de Lyon). It is dedicated to Saint Bruno of Cologne also known as Saint Bruno of the Carthusians and is the city's only Baroque church.
 La Bergerie also known as Rokeby is a historic mansion located on River Road in Barrytown New York. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It is a contributing property in the Hudson River Historic District a National Historic Landmark.
 Trumpet is the debut novel of Scottish writer and poet Jackie Kay.
 The Royal Liver Building /ˈlaɪvər/ is a Grade I listed building located in Liverpool England. It is sited at the Pier Head and along with the neighbouring Cunard Building and Port of Liverpool Building is one of Liverpool's Three Graces which line the city's waterfront.
 Born Free and Equal: The Story of Loyal Japanese-Americans is a book by Ansel Adams containing photographs from his 1943–4 visit to the internment camp then named Manzanar War Relocation Center in Owens Valley Inyo County California. The book was published in 1944 by U.S. Camera in New York.In the summer of 1943 Adams was invited by his friend newly appointed camp director Ralph Merritt to photograph life at the camp.
 El Periódico de Catalunya (Catalan: [əɫ pəɾiˈɔðiku ðə kətəˈɫuɲə] Spanish: [el peˈɾjoðiko ðe kataˈluɲa]) is a morning daily newspaper based in Barcelona Catalonia Spain and owned by Grupo Zeta. El Periódico publishes separate daily editions in Spanish and in Catalan. The two editions combined sell more than 125000 copies per day making El Periódico the second highest-circulated newspaper in Spain's Catalan-speaking regions behind La Vanguardia which also publishes in both languages.
 Lemuel Allan Wilmot (31 January 1809 – 20 May 1878) was a Canadian lawyer politician and judge. Born in Sunbury County New Brunswick the son of William M. Wilmot and Hannah Bliss Wilmot was educated at the Fredericton grammar school and at King’s College. He started articling law in 1825 became an attorney in 1830 and was admitted to the bar in 1832.
 Dhuan is a 1981 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Dulal Guha starring Mithun Chakraborty Raakhee Amjad Khan Ranjeeta Aruna Irani and Abhi Bhattacharya
 Tarzan Triumphant is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the fifteenth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Blue Book from October 1931 through March 1932.
 Stevnemøte med glemte år is a 1957 Norwegian drama film directed by Jon Lennart Mjøen. It was entered into the 7th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Box of Delights is a children's fantasy novel by John Masefield. It is a sequel to The Midnight Folk and was first published in 1935.
 Picnic at Hanging Rock is a 1967 historical novel by Joan Lindsay. The plot focuses on a group of female students at an Australian women's college in 1900 who inexplicably vanish at the site of an enormous rock formation while on a Valentine's Day picnic and also explores the outlying effects the girls' disappearance has on the community.
 Lottia septiformis is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Book of Dogma is a compilation by IDM artists Ken Downie Ed Handley and Andy Turner aka The Black Dog which was released in 2007. The two CDs compile the band's first six EPs the second CD in fact being a re-release of the 1995 compilation Parallel.
 Puig de Bassegoda is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1373 metres (4504 ft)above sea level.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 10 families.
 The Jireh Chapel is a Strict Baptist place of worship in the town of Haywards Heath in the English county of West Sussex. The chapel was built in 1879.Sussex has many 19th-century Independent and Baptist chapels in this Vernacular style: a tiled gabled roof porch and red-brick walls with round-arched windows. This example was built in 1879 by William Knight a horticulturist who was also the chapel's first pastor. It is a Gospel Standard movement chapel.
 Jamal Deh (Persian: جمال ده‎ also Romanized as Jamāl Deh) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 74 families.
 Pihlajavesi is a lake in Finland. The area of the lake is 712.59 km² making it the sixth largest lake in the country. Pihlajavesi is the second-largest basin in the complex Saimaa lake system. Pihlajavesi lacks large open lake areas but has more islands than any other lake in Finland.
 Gates Mills Methodist Episcopal Church (also known as St. Christopher's-by-the-River) is a historic church on Old Mill Road off U.S. 322 in Gates Mills Ohio.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register in 1975.
 The Peel Art Gallery Museum and Archives (PAMA) is a museum art gallery and archives for the Peel Region located in Brampton Ontario Canada. Previously it was the Peel Heritage Complex. Its facilities were originally the Peel County Courthouse Brampton Jail (also known as the Peel County Gaol) a land registry office and a county administration building.
 Colostethus thorntoni is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Tin Can Trust is a 2010 album by the band Los Lobos and is the band's first collection of new original material since 2006. It features rock 'n' roll blues two Spanish-language tracks and a Grateful Dead cover song. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Americana Album.
 The Fight is a 1975 non-fiction book by Norman Mailer about the boxing title fight between Muhammed Ali and George Foreman at Kinshasa in Zaire in 1974 known as the Rumble in the Jungle.
 The orange clingfish Diplocrepis puniceus is a clingfish the only species in the genus Diplocrepis. It is found all around New Zealand from low water to about 5 m on rocky coastlines. This species grows to a length of 12.5 centimetres (4.9 in) SL.
 Moshirabad-e Owriyeh (Persian: مشير آباد اوريه‎ also Romanized as Moshīrābād-e Owrīyeh and Moshīrābād-e Āveryeh; also known as Moshīrābād Mūsherābād and Mūshīrābād) is a village in Badr Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 41 families.
 The Yampa River is a 250 mi (402 km) long river in northwestern Colorado of the Southwestern United States. It is a tributary of the Green River and so contributes into the Colorado River. The Yampa has the second-largest watershed in the state of Colorado.[citation needed]The name is derived from the Snake Indians word for the Perideridia plant which has an edible root. John C.
 Ali minaret (Persian: مناره علی‎) is a historical minaret in Isfahan Iran. It is close to the Ali mosque. This minaret is the oldest minaret in Isfahan which dates back to the 11th century. This minaret is 48 meters in height and is the highest historical minaret in Isfahan. It is said that this minaret was originally 50 meters but its height has been decreased two meters in the course of time.
 The Little Quilcene River is a river on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington. It rises in Clallam County near Mount Townsend of the Olympic Mountains. The river flows generally east through the Olympic National Forest. After exiting the higher mountains and the national forest the Little Quilcene River flows east and southeast through rolling terrain.
 Live at the Kings Center is a DVD that was released in October 2006 by Neal Morse through his Inner Circle fan club. It is a live recording from The Kings Center London.
 Mowtowr Pamp-e Abbasabadi (Persian: موتورپمپعباس ابادي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp-e ʿAbbāsābādī) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Anaikkadu is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.Anaikkadu Uravin Murai Sangam an association started with just 80 families away back in 1984 has now become a well organized and spectacular one consisting of more than 1300 families in its register.An association in Singapore Anaikkadu White Cross was started with 25 people working in Singapore in January 2008 with an aim of developing this village in all aspects.Renowned and respected leaders like Periyar E.V. 
 Lake Willoughby is a lake in the town of Westmore in Orleans County in the northeast section of Vermont United States. Willoughby is a glacial lake over 320 feet (98 m) deep in places the deepest lake entirely contained in the state and second to only Lake Champlain which deepest point reaches 426 ft. The lake's southern end is surrounded by the Willoughby State Forest. This state park includes Mount Pisgah Mount Hor and Bartlett Mountain.
 Mahipal Maderna is an Indian politician from Rajasthan past member of Indian National Congress. He served as the Water Resources Minister of Rajasthan in Ashok Gehlot's ministry before being sacked in 2011 after found involvement in Bhanwari Devi case.
 Berenice is a short horror story by Edgar Allan Poe first published in the Southern Literary Messenger in 1835. The story follows a man named Egaeus who is preparing to marry his cousin Berenice. He has a tendency to fall into periods of intense focus during which he seems to separate himself from the outside world. Berenice begins to deteriorate from an unnamed disease until the only part of her remaining healthy is her teeth which Egaeus begins to obsess over.
 Guns is a Canadian television miniseries that aired on CBC Television in 2008. Directed by Sudz Sutherland and written by Sutherland and Jennifer Holness the miniseries explores the issue of gun violence in Canada.The cast includes Colm Feore Elisha Cuthbert Stephen McHattie K. C. Collins Shawn Doyle and Lyriq Bent.
 Back to the Well is an album released in 2003 by American country music singer Kenny Rogers. The album includes the singles Harder Cards I'm Missing You and Handprints on the Wall all of which charted on the Hot Country Songs chart between 2002 and 2003. Harder Cards peaked at number 47 I'm Missing You at 49 and Handprints on the Wall at 40. The album itself reached number 52 on the Top Country Albums chart.
 We're in the Legion Now is a 1936 American adventure comedy film. The film is also known as The Rest Cure (American reissue title).
 Kuli Seran (Persian: كولي سران‎ also Romanized as Kūlī Serān) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 65 families.
 Moominland Midwinter (Swedish title Trollvinter Finnish title Taikatalvi) is the fifth in the series of Tove Jansson's Moomins books published in 1957. This book sees Jansson adopt a darker more introspective tone compared to the earlier books that is continued in the remainder of the series. Often in the book Moomintroll is either lonely miserable angry or scared - the result of being forced to survive in a world to which he feels he does not belong.
 Greatest Hits Volume II is the second greatest hits album by the American rock band Chicago and its fifteenth album overall released in 1981.Following 1980's Chicago XIV Columbia Records dropped Chicago from its roster and cancelled a lucrative contract that had recently been signed. While the band had begun its association with David Foster and was in the process of building a new identity Columbia had contractual obligations for a new release.
 Feather Float is the second album the Japanese band OOIOO a side-project of Boredoms member Yoshimi P-We.
 Hanover County Courthouse built in 1735 is an historic courthouse located in Hanover Court House Virginia. In 1763 Patrick Henry who lived and practiced law in Hanover County argued the case of the Parson's Cause a case involving King George III's requirement that Virginians pay taxes to support the local Anglican ministry despite their objections and those of the House of Burgesses.
 Live on Two Legs is the first major live album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam released on November 24 1998 through Epic Records. The album has been certified platinum by the RIAA in the United States.
 Żółkiewka [ʐuu̯ˈkʲɛfka] (formerly German Pilgramshain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Calliotropis nomismasimilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 Amphiarius rugispinis is a species of sea catfish which is found along the northern coast of South America. It is found chiefly in turbid waters of estuaries and around river mouths; it originates from brackish and marine waters of Trinidad Island Guyana Surinam French Guiana and Brazil. This species grows to about 45 cm (18 in) TL. Reproduction in A. rugispinis appears to be between September to November.
 Stuart Eizenstat (born January 15 1943) is an American diplomat and attorney. He served as the United States Ambassador to the European Union from 1993 to 1996 and as the United States Deputy Secretary of the Treasury from 1999 to 2001. He currently served as a partner at the Washington D.C.-based law firm Covington & Burling and as a senior strategist at APCO Worldwide.
 CD86: 48 Tracks from the Birth of Indie Pop is a compilation album of artists from the original C86 era released in 2006 by Sanctuary Records. It is compiled by Bob Stanley of Saint Etienne.To coincide with its release the Institute of Contemporary Arts hosted C86 - Still Doing It For Fun an exhibition and two nights of gigs celebrating the rise of British independent music.
 Rivers and Homes is the second full-length album by J.Viewz. It was released in 2011 in CD digital download and USB flash drive form. The flash drive comes with both preceding releases too.The album was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2011 in the Best Recording Package category.Electronic music duo Pegboard Nerds released a moombahcore remix of the song Far Too Close in June 2013.
 Hymnal is an album by Hwyl Nofio.
 Don't Mess with the Dragon is a 2007 album by Ozomatli.
 Hugh Gourley (1825 – 16 December 1906) was a New Zealand politician born in Ireland. He was Mayor of Dunedin on two occasions and then appointed to the New Zealand Legislative Council for one seven-year term.
 Eilema leopoldi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Java.
 Locked On is a political thriller novel by Tom Clancy and co-authored by Mark Greaney. It was published on December 13 2011 alongside the unabridged audio book version read by Lou Diamond Phillips. The novel follows on from 2010's Dead or Alive and is based approximately a year after the events of that novel.
 Alladin's Lantern is a 1938 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 171st Our Gang short (172nd episode 83rd talking short 84th talking episode and third MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Roch Voisine Live (full title Roch Voisine Live - Intime/Intimate) is a 2006 live bilingual double album the first in French and the second in English by Canadian singer Roch Voisine. It contains 34 songs of Roch Voisine performed live including some of his best songs and singles and some favourite album tracks from his repertoire.
 Z for Zachariah is an upcoming American science fiction film based on the book of the same name by Robert C. O'Brien directed by Craig Zobel and written by Nissar Modi. The film stars Margot Robbie Chris Pine and Chiwetel Ejiofor.
 L. Chris Ross is serving his sixth term as representative of the 158th Legislative District of Pennsylvania USA. He is Republican Chairman of the House Intergovernmental Affairs Committee and is also a member of the House Environmental Resources and Energy Committee.
 The Electric Lucifer is an early electronic album by Bruce Haack noted for its originality[citation needed] and innovative use of acid rock and electronic sounds. AllMusic.com describes it as a psychedelic anti-war song cycle about the battle between heaven and hell. Haack used a Moog synthesizer and his own home-built electronics including an early prototype vocoder. It was originally released on LP in 1970 and has been re-mastered and re-released on CD several times.
 William Matson Roth (born September 3 1916) was a shipping executive special ambassador for trade member of the ACLU executive committee and Regent for the University of California.In 1962 Roth and his mother Luriline Matson Roth and the daughter of the founder of the Matson Navigation Company purchased Ghirardelli Square in fear that it would be torn down and replaced with condominiums.
 Stupidogobius is a genus of fish in the Gobiidae family. It contains the following species: Stupidogobius flavipinnis
 Late Show Fun Facts is a book that was published in 2008 by Hyperion Books. It was written by David Letterman and the Late Show writers. The book is full of fun facts which are not necessarily true. The book is based on a comedy sketch of the same name.
 Mid-Flinx (1995) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book is the sixth chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series.Alan Dean Foster revisits the setting of his earlier novel Midworld (1975) and affirms the planet as being part of his humanx/commonwealth universe by using the planet as a setting for Flinx's adventures.
 Above the Noise is the fifth studio album from English pop rock band McFly. The album was released on 15 November 2010. The album spawned three singles: Party Girl which was released on 6 September; Shine a Light which was released on 8 November; and That's the Truth which was released on 6 March 2011. The album's title was revealed when it was made available to pre-order from the HMV website.
 The Spider's Stratagem (Italian: Strategia del ragno) (1970) is a political film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci. The screenplay was written by Bertolucci based on Theme of the Traitor and the Hero story written by Jorge Luis Borges.
 Sci-Fi HARRY (サイファイハリー) is a 1995 manga series by George Iida and Asami Tohjoh which was adapted into an anime series broadcast in Japan in 2000. It was a joint production of TV Asahi Corporation and Nagoya Broadcasting Network. It is a dark psychological horror series that was produced for nighttime broadcast slot.
 Mount Nagamine (長峰山 Nagamine-san) is a 687.8 m (2257 ft) mountain in Nada Kobe Hyogo Japan. This mountain is one of the major mountains of Rokko Mountains. Mount Nagamine literally means long ridge mountain.
 Ultimate Collection is a 2005 release by the British pop group M People featuring Heather Small. It includes two of their tracks that were not on the previous The Best of M People album. The album also includes two singles released by Heather Small as a solo artist.Small's solo single Proud was re-released to coincide with the release of this album and for the London Olympic Bid.
 The Porcăreasa River is a tributary of the Morișca River in Romania.
 The Wind Off the Small Isles is a novella by Mary Stewart first published in 1968. Unlike her other works it is brief at only 96 pages in hardcover. It was never published in the United States and is hard to find today.
 This is an article about the book. For the television series by the same title see The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency (TV series)The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency is the first of The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith set in Gaborone Botswana and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe. Part of the novel's plot is based on the murder of Segametsi Mogomotsi in 1994 a ritual killing in Mochudi.
 Wolverine: Old Man Logan is an eight-issue storyline from the Wolverine ongoing series by writer Mark Millar and artist Steve McNiven published by Marvel Comics. It began in June 2008 ran through Wolverine #66-72 and ended in Wolverine Giant-Size Old Man Logan in September 2009. Set over fifty years in the future it uses a similar premise to another Millar book Wanted in which the world's supervillains band together to finally destroy all superheroes.
 The Galloway Community Hospital is an NHS Scotland hospital in Stranraer Galloway Scotland. Opened on a partial basis in September 2006 being fully opened by October 2007.The hospital replaced the Garrick and Dalrymple hospitals in Stranraer and is on the site of part of the Dalrymple hospital adjacent to the Waverly Medical Centre which is the main GP surgery for Stranraer.
 Laurel and Michigan Avenues Row was a set of historic rowhouses located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It was a set of speculative multi-unit frame residences designed to resemble rowhouses. The set of nine frame two story rowhouses were built about 1880. They were demolished in 1997.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Charaxes virilis the Blue Demon Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Burkina Faso Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of lowland evergreen forests and forest/savanna mosaic.The larvae feed on Adenanthera pavonina Griffonia simplicifolia Cathormium Dalbergia Entada and Tetrapleura species.
 The Pop River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Jimmy the Kid is a 1982 comedy film starring Gary Coleman and Paul Le Mat. It was directed by Gary Nelson produced by Ronald Jacobs and released in November 1982 by New World Pictures. Following 1981's On the Right Track it was second theatrical film release starring Coleman.
 Lincoln at Gettysburg: The Words That Remade America written by Garry Wills and published by Simon & Schuster in 1992 won the 1993 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction and the 1992 National Book Critics Circle Award for Criticism.The book uses Lincoln's notably short speech at Gettysburg to examine his rhetoric overall.
 Yazdgerd (Persian: يزدگرد‎ also Romanized as Yazdejerd Yazdegerd and Yazjerd) is a village in Silakhor Rural District Silakhor District Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 16 families.
 Corythucha ciliata the sycamore lace bug is a species of lace bug Tingidae that is a pest of sycamores in the New and Old Worlds. In is native to the New world.
 The Menere River is a river of Grenada.
 Shah Nazari (Persian: شه نظري‎ also Romanized as Shah Naz̧arī) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District Tashan District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 32 families.
 C. Pennington Penn Brown is a Democratic former member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives representing the Rockingham 9th District after a special election in February 2006.
 Histura bicornigera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 James Andrew Jack Beall (October 25 1866 – February 11 1929) was an American politician. He represented Texas in the United States House of Representatives from 1903 to 1915.
 A Pistol Shot (Italian: Un colpo di pistola) is a 1942 Italian historical drama film directed by Renato Castellani and starring Assia Noris Fosco Giachetti and Antonio Centa. The film was shot in Rome with sets designed by Gino Brosio.
 Evergreen-Callaway-Deyerle House is a historic home located near Rocky Mount Franklin County Virginia. The original section now the rear ell was built about 1840 is a two-story two bay rectangular brick dwelling with a hipped roof in a vernacular Greek Revival style. A two-story front section in the Italianate style was added about 1861. A side gable and wing addition was built at the same time. Also on the property are a contributing silo (c. 1861) barn (c. 1920) and tenant house (c.
 Cosmisoma viridescens is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Galileo & Martins in 2010.
 On the Track of Unknown Animals is a cryptozoological book by the Belgian-French author Bernard Heuvelmans that was first published in 1955 under the title Sur la Piste des Bêtes Ignorées. The English translation by Richard Garnett was published in 1958 with some updating by the author and with a foreword by Gerald Durrell. A revised and abridged edition was published in 1965 and a further edition in 1995.
 The Daily Independent is a daily newspaper serving La Junta Colorado United States published Mondays through Fridays. It is owned by GateHouse Media.
 Conotrachelus is a true weevil genus in the family Curculionidae.
 Ebrahimabad-e Bala Jowayin (Persian: ابراهيم ابادبالاجوين‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e Bālā Jowayin and Ebrāhīmābād-e Bālā Joveyn; also known as Ebrāhīmābād Ibrāhīmābād and Bāqeyrī) is a village in Zarrin Rural District Atamalek District Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 31 families.
 With Red Hands is the second science-fiction alternate history novel by Stephen Woodworth featuring the Violet detective Natalie Lindstrom. It was written in 2004.
 Pseudoneuroctena is a Monotypic genus of flies from the family Dryomyzidae.
 The Unnamed Zone (Spanish: La Zona) is a 2006 Spanish documentary film by director Carlos Rodríguez about the lives of three young Ukrainian children directly affected by the 1986 Chernobyl disaster.
 St. Andrew's House (SAH) on the southern flank of Calton Hill in Edinburgh is the headquarters building of the Scottish Government. The building stands on the site of the former Calton Jail. Today the turreted Governor's House is all that remains of the former prison next to the Old Calton Burial Ground and Political Martyrs' Monument.The large Category A listed Art Deco-influenced building looks out over Waverley station the Canongate and Holyrood Park.
 The Hermitage of São Vicente (Portuguese: Ermida de São Vicente) is an early settlement hermitage in the locality of São Vicente civil parish of Santo António in the Portuguese municipality of São Roque do Pico on the Portuguese island of Pico in the archipelago of the Azores.
 Čovek is the sixth solo album by Škabo a member of the Belgrade hip hop collective Beogradski sindikat. It contains the following 7 tracks: Ubistvo Čovek (Iz početka) Ogledalo Odgovornost Koncentrični krugovi Brate moj Stara pesma
 La Obertura is a 1977 Argentine film.
 Daniel Morgan House also known as the George Flowerdew Norton House Boyd House and Sherrard House is a historic home located at Winchester Virginia. It is a 2 1/2-story seven bay 17 room Late Georgian style brick dwelling. It has a side-gable roof and paired double interior chimneys. The oldest section was built about 1786 for George Flowerdew Norton and the western stuccoed brick wing was built for Daniel Morgan (1736-1802) about 1800.
 Megatyphlops schlegelii commonly known as Schlegel's beaked blind snake or Schlegel's giant blind snake is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family. It is endemic to eastern and southern Africa and bears the distinction of being world's largest typhlopid.
 Pauline Ng Chow May-lin JP (born 1947 Hong Kong) is a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. Graduated from the London University she worked as a teacher in the Kit Sam Middle School. She ran for the first District Board election in 1982 in a Wang Tau Hom Estate constituency for the Wong Tai Sin District Board. She continued to serve until 1991. She was subsequently appointed by Governor Edward Youde to the Legislative Council in 1983 and served until 1988.
 Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger: Gaburincho of Music (劇場版 獣電戦隊キョウリュウジャー GABURINCHO OF MUSIC Gekijōban Jūden Sentai Kyōryūjā Gaburincho Obu Myūjikku) is a 2013 film adaptation of the Japanese Super Sentai television series Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger. It was released on August 3 2013 as a double-bill with the Kamen Rider Series film Kamen Rider Wizard in Magic Land. The film guest stars gravure idol Shizuka Nakamura as a supporting role. Gaburincho of Music is a musical.
 Brammah is a mountain massif in the Kishtwar Himalaya of Jammu and Kashmir India east of the town of Kishtwar and near the border with Himachal Pradesh. It comprises four peaks listed in order from west to east: Brammah I 6416 m (21050 ft) first ascent 1973 Flat Top 6103 m (20023 ft) first ascent 1980 Brammah II 6485 m (21276 ft) first ascent 1975 Arjuna 6230 m (20440 ft) first ascent 1983Note that Brammah II is the highest of the group contrary to usual practice.
 Apache Plaza was a former shopping center located in St. Anthony Minnesota a small suburb of Minneapolis. It opened in 1961 as one of the first enclosed shopping centers in the US and closed in 2004.
 Island of the Fishmen (L'isola degli uomini pesce) is a 1979 Italian adventure film directed by Sergio Martino.
 Ruletero a toda marcha (Ruletero in Full Swing) is a 1962 Mexican film. It stars Eulalio González María Duval Norma Angélica and Sara García.
 Madar Nepal is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7247 people living in 1203 individual households.
 Balka also Balke is a village and seaside resort midway between Nexø and Snogebæk on the southwest coast of the Danish island of Bornholm. As of 2014 it has a population of 229. It is best known for its wide beach with fine white sand.
 St Botolph's-without-Aldersgate is a Church of England church on Aldersgate Street in the City of London dedicated to St Botolph. Of medieval origin it survived the Great Fire of London with only minor damage but fell into disrepair and was rebuilt in 1788–91. The church is renowned for its beautiful interior and historic organ.
 Considered Dead is the first album by Gorguts released in 1991.Considered Dead was later remastered reissued and paired with its successor The Erosion of Sanity as part of Roadrunner's Two from the Vault series in 2004. It was reissued alone in 2006 with two demo tracks.
 This Is Christmas is the fourth studio and first Christmas album by Australian recording artist Anthony Callea. It was released on 8 November 2013 by ABC Music. The album mostly consists of Christmas classics such as Silent Night and O Holy Night but also includes cover versions of recent Christmas pop songs by such as Don't Save It All for Christmas Day by Céline Dion and Note to God by JoJo.
 Perelandra (also titled Voyage to Venus in a later edition published by Pan Books) is the second book in the Space Trilogy of C. S. Lewis set in the Field of Arbol. It was first published in 1943.
 J. Barry Stout is a Democratic politician and former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate who represented the 46th District from June 71977-- after winning a special election in May 1977-- through 2010. Previously he was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1970 through 1976.On October 22 2004 PennDOT dedicated the J. Barry Stout Park and Ride off the Beau Street exit of I-70 in South Strabane Township.
 Syed J. R. Mudassir Husain (Bengali: সৈয়দ জে আর মোদা‍চ্ছির হোসেন; born 1940) is a former Chief Justice of Bangladesh.
 A Cabinet of Curiosities is a compilation box set by alternative rock band Jane's Addiction released on April 21 2009 on Rhino Records. The collection includes three discs of demos rehearsals remixes covers and live recordings from the group's initial lifespan of 1986–1991 and one DVD featuring the movie Soul Kiss the band's music videos and concert footage. Vocalist Perry Farrell stated that it's a really nice fetishy object.
 The parish of Trinity Church Elmira New York was founded in 1833. Trinity Church is a parish of the Chemung District of the Episcopal Diocese of Central New York centered in Syracuse New York. The present structure of Trinity Church is located at 304 North Main Street Elmira New York. Designed by architect Henry Dudley the church was built from 1855 through 1858. It is significant for its Gothic Revival architecture.
 Gorgasia inferomaculata is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Jacques Blache in 1977. It is a non-migratory marine tropical eel which is known from the Gulf of Guinea in the eastern central Atlantic Ocean.
 Petőfi '73 is a 1973 Hungarian drama film directed by Ferenc Kardos. It was entered into the 1973 Cannes Film Festival.
 Antony Harold Newton Baron Newton of Braintree PC OBE DL (29 August 1937 – 25 March 2012) was a British Conservative politician and former Cabinet member. He was the member of Parliament for Braintree from 1974–1997 and was later a member of the House of Lords.
 London Daze is the sixth album of Spiders & Snakes released in 2000. It Contains 3 demo tracks from Lizzie Grey's previous band London recorded in 1980.
 The plains pocket gopher (Geomys bursarius) is one of thirty-five species of pocket gopher so named in reference to their externally located fur-lined cheek pouches. They are burrowing animals found in grasslands and agricultural land across the Great Plains of North America from Manitoba to Texas. Pocket gophers are the most highly fossorial rodents found in North America.
 Common names: Whitaker's sandboa Whitaker's boa.Eryx whitakeri is a non-venomous boa species found in coastal southern India. Named in honor of Romulus Whitaker. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Fremantle Prison is a former Australian prison on The Terrace Fremantle in Western Australia. The 6-hectare (15-acre) site includes the prison gatehouse perimeter walls cottages tunnels and prisoner art. The prison was one of 11 former convict sites in Australia inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List in 2010 as the Australian Convict Sites.
 Konojady [kɔnɔˈjadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonowo Pomorskie within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Jabłonowo Pomorskie 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Brodnica and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has an approximate population of 660.
 Sajar (Persian: سجار‎ also Romanized as Sajār) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Blue Wing Mountains are a mountain range in west central Pershing County Nevada.The range is a small northeast trending range typical of the Basin and Range province. Adjacent to the northwest side of the range is a desert playa of the broad Kumiva Valley. To the west beyond the Kumiva valley lies the Selenite Range. To the southest lie the Nightingale Mountains and directly south across the narrow Juniper Pass are the closely associated Sahwave Mountains.
 Gore Creek is a tributary of the Eagle River approximately 18.5 miles (29.8 km) long in Eagle County in central Colorado in the United States. It drains an area of the Rocky Mountains at the south end of the Gore Range through Vail Valley.
 The North Polar Basin or Borealis basin is a large basin in the northern hemisphere of Mars that covers 40% of the planet. Chryse Planitia the landing site of the Viking 1 lander is a bay which opens into this basin.One possible explanation for the basin's low flat and relatively crater-free topography is that the basin was formed by a single large impact.
 Jackson Barracks is the headquarters of the Louisiana National Guard. It is located in the Lower 9th Ward of New Orleans Louisiana. The base was established in 1834 and was known as New Orleans Barracks prior to July 7 1866 when it was renamed in honor of Andrew Jackson. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Mount Benarat (Malay: Gunung Benarat) is a mountain located in Gunung Mulu National Park in Sarawak Malaysia. Consisting of limestone on the western side which is overlain by gritstone on the eastern side. It contains many caves which have been discovered and explored by British and American cavers. The Benarat 2005 Caving Expedition discovered Moon Cave after climbing 60 m up the cliffs on the southern end of the mountain.
 Gerhard Schröder (September 11 1910 - December 31 1989) was a West German politician and member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party. He served as Federal Minister of the Interior from 1953 to 1961 as Foreign Minister from 1961 to 1966 and as Minister of Defence from 1966 until 1969. In the 1969 election he ran for President of Germany but was outpolled by Gustav Heinemann.
 The Mallory–Neely House is a historic residence on 652 Adams Avenue in Memphis Tennessee USA. It is located in the Victorian Village district of Memphis.
 Wijebahukanda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bryomoia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The church of San Gaetano is an ancient church located on Via Calegari at the intersection of Via Monti in Brescia. By the 1600s it became attached to priests of the order of St. Phillip Neri under whom it was known as Santa Maria della Purificazione. In 1691 it was acquired by the Theatine order and the named was changed to San Gaetano the founder of their order. In the late 1800s the church was transferred to the Franciscan order with whom it is still associated.
 Sioux City is a 1994 mystery / crime film directed by and starring Lou Diamond Phillips Gary Farmer as Russell White Tantoo Cardinal as Dawn Rainfeather and future Touched by an Angel star John Dye as Colin Adams. It was shot in Santa Clarita California.
 Plusiopalpa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pitar cordatus or the cordate venus clam is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae. It can be found throughout the Gulf of Mexico and the Florida Keys.
 Now I'm Nailed to Your Bedroom Wall I've Only Got Myself to Blame is a compilation album by London-based glam rockers Rachel Stamp. It was released in April 2009 via Serena/Cargo Records.
 The Devil's Arithmetic is a 1999 TV movie based on the historical novel of the same name by Jane Yolen. It stars Kirsten Dunst as Hannah Stern and costars Brittany Murphy Louise Fletcher and Mimi Rogers. Dustin Hoffman introduces the film but is uncredited and serves as an executive producer with Mimi Rogers.
 Dandaca is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Freie Arbeiter Stimme (Yiddish: פֿרייע אַרבעטער שטימע; English: The Free Voice of Labor) was the longest-running anarchist periodical in the Yiddish language founded initially as an American counterpart to Rudolf Rocker's London-based Arbeter Fraynd (Workers' Friend). The early Yiddish spelling פֿרייע אַרבייטער שטיממע (Fraye Arbayter Shtimme) reflects the early 20th century fashion to Germanize certain Yiddish words.
 Lake Brompton (French: Lac Brompton) is a lake located in the Estrie region of Quebec Canada. It is located partially in the Regional County Municipalities of Le Val-Saint-François and Memphrémagog.Lake Brompton is said to be home to the Lake Brompton Monster sometimes nicknamed Champ's younger brother. The lake monster is said to be 6 feet (1.8 m) long something resembling a mustache and an evil-looking head.
 By the Book is a Star Trek: Enterprise novel which was released on 1 January 2002.
 Maniac Cop 2 is a 1990 American action horror film directed by William Lustig and written by Larry Cohen. It is the sequel to Maniac Cop (1988) and stars Robert Davi Claudia Christian Michael Lerner and Bruce Campbell.
 Nicholas Tasunungurwa Goche (born 1 August 1946) is a Zimbabwean politician currently serving as Minister of Transport. Previously he was Minister of Public Service Labour and Social Welfare.Goche and Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa met with Tendai Biti (MDC-T) and Welshman Ncube (MDC-M) the Secretaries General of separate factions of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change in Pretoria South Africa on 16 June 2007.
 Hewanetenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Aququcha (Quechua aqu sand qucha lake sand lake hispanicized spelling Acococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Yauli Province Marcapomacocha District. It is situated at a height of about 4644 metres (15236 ft) about 0.73 km long and 0.28 km at its widest point. Aququcha lies south east of the lakes Markapumaqucha and Markaqucha.
 The Morgans Hotel is a hotel in Swansea Wales. Describing itself as Swansea's only boutique hotel the hotel is the only Welsh Tourist Board five star-rated hotel in Swansea although it is only rated as four star by international standards. The hotel occupies a Grade II listed building adjacent to the offices of the South Wales Evening Post in the Maritime Quarter formerly used by Associated British Ports.
 Nature Reviews Neuroscience is a review journal covering neuroscience in particularBiochemical signalling in neuronsCellular and molecular neuroscienceNeural developmentSensory motor systems and behaviourRegulatory systemsHigher cognition and languageComputational neuroscienceSystems neuroscienceNeuroimagingBrain damage and neurodegenerative diseaseIndexed by ISI Nature Reviews Neuroscience received an impact factor of 31.673 as reported in the 2012 Journal Citation Reports by Thomson Reuters ranking it first out of 251 journals in the category Neurosciences.
 Agylloides problematica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Cameroon.
 Gangō-ji (元興寺) is an ancient Buddhist temple that was once one of the powerful Nanto Shichi Daiji in Nara Japan.
 Lake Keowee is a man–made reservoir in the United States in the state of South Carolina shaped somewhat like a Christmas tree. It is notable for having been created to serve the needs of a power utility (Duke Energy) as well as public recreational purposes. It is approximately 26 miles (42 km) long 3 miles (4.8 km) wide with an average depth of 54 feet (16 m) and a shoreline measured at 300 miles (480 km) in total and is approximately 800 feet (240 m) above sea level.
 Olivia (or the Weight of the Past) is the second to last novel by Judith Rossner author of the critically acclaimed novels Looking for Mr. Goodbar and August. Published in 1994 Olivia deals with a single mother's struggles with parental alienation after reconnecting with her long estranged daughter.
 The Records of the Three Kingdoms also known by its Chinese title Sanguozhi is a Chinese historical text which covers the history of the late Eastern Han Dynasty (c. 184–220 CE) and the Three Kingdoms period (220–280 CE). It is widely regarded as the official and authoritative historical text for that period. Written by Chen Shou in the third century the work combines the smaller histories of the rival states of Cao Wei Shu Han and Eastern Wu in the Three Kingdoms period into a single text.
 Diamond Safari is a 1958 American crime film directed by Gerald Mayer and starring Kevin McCarthy Betty McDowall and André Morell. Its plot involves an American who battles diamond smugglers in Africa. Filmed in South Africa in 1955 the film features three episodes of the pilot for a television series caled African Drumbeat.
 Liu Weiping (Chinese: 刘伟平; born May 1953) is a politician of the People's Republic of China. He is the Governor of Gansu province and a former Vice-Governor of Qinghai province.
 The Ohlanga River is a river in KwaZulu-Natal South Africa which empties into the Indian Ocean just north of Umhlanga KwaZulu-Natal north of Durban. The river has extensive reed beds in the estuary at its mouth which is only 7 km further southwest from the mouth of the Mdloti River. Presently this river is part of the Mvoti to Umzimkulu Water Management Area.
 Schingen (West Frisian: Skingen) is a small village in Menaldumadeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 115 citizens (2009).
 Keitele is a rather large lake located in Central Finland. With the area of 493.59 km² it is the 9th largest lake in the country. The lake is divided into three regions Ylä- Keski- and Ala-Keitele of which Keski-Keitele is the largest. Water in the lake is clear and in an excellent condition. The towns of Äänekoski and Viitasaari are located on the shores of Keitele.The northest part of the lake is called Ylä-Keitele.
 Suzanne Mary Sue Ellery (born 12 May 1962 in Perth Western Australia) is a current Australian Labor Party MP serving the role of Leader of the Legislative Council as well as the Shadow Minister for Child Protection; Disability Services; Community Services; Early Childhood and Women's Interests. She has been a member for the electoral region of South Metropolitan since 2001.She joined the Australian Labor Party whilst she was at the University of Western Australia in 1982.
 Blackout is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 Fauskevåg is a village in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county Norway. It is located on the island Hinnøya along the Vågsfjorden about 20 km (12 mi) south of the town of Harstad. The population (2001) of Fauskevåg is 341. The village has an elementary school called Fauskevåg skole with grades 1 through 4.Fauskevåg is located near the islands of Grasholman a popular beach and recreation area so tourism is important in Fauskevåg during the months of June and July.
 Tryumf Anarchii nad Tyranią is the eighth album of Polish punk rock band Włochaty. The album was recorded during concert in Szczecin which was the celebration of band's 15 anniversary.
 Hazardous is the fourth studio album by Vanessa Amorosi released in Australia on 6 November 2009 to critical and commercial success debuting at #7 on the ARIA Albums Chart and Platinum accreditation in Australia. The album's lead single This Is Who I Am became Amorosi's first and only number one-charting single reaching #1 on the ARIA Singles Chart in its first week of release.
 Philip A. 'Phil' Baddour Jr. was a Democratic member of the North Carolina House of Representatives representing the 11th district from 1993 through 2002. He was also House Democratic leader for two terms. Baddour is currently chairman of the Clean Water Management Trust Fund and president of the North Carolina Advocates for Justice one of the state's leading groups of attorneys.
 Stenoptilia reisseri is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Spain.
 Gereh Cheqa (Persian: گره چقا‎ also Romanized as Gereh Cheqā) is a village in Gorgin Rural District Korani District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 6 families.
 Incidents is a 1987 collection of four essays by Roland Barthes. It was published posthumously by François Wahl Roland Barthes's literary executor.
 The Potopu River is a tributary of the Sabar River in Romania.
 Boys in the Band was included in a re-release of the The Libertines' second and final self-titled album The Libertines.
 This page is on the Welsh engineer and politician. For the soccer player see Chris Franks (soccer).Christopher Paul Franks (born 2 August 1951) is a Welsh engineer and politician. A member of Plaid Cymru he has led the party's group on the Vale of Glamorgan council. Between 2007 and 2011 he was a member of the National Assembly for Wales losing in 2011.
 Covers is an EP by the American alternative rock band The Autumns released in a limited edition of 500 in 2001 [1].
 The Himmeldunkberg or Himmeldunk is a 887.9 m above sea level m high extinct volcano in the High Rhön (Hohe Rhön) in Germany. It straddles the Bavarian-Hessian state border.
 Sarnıç is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 310 people.
 Polyphaenis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Barnes Wallis Building/Wright Robinson Hall is a university building in central Manchester. It forms part of the campus of the former University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology which merged in 2004 with the nearby Victoria University of Manchester.It is unusual in that the two parts of the building have different names and different uses despite the fact that the building is a single structure purpose built by a single architect.
 All Your Life is the first independent cassette from American Christian rock group Resurrection Band released in late 1973.
 Fallen Angels is a 1988 young-adult novel written by Walter Dean Myers about the Vietnam war. It won the 1988 Coretta Scott King Award. Fallen Angels is listed as number 16 in the American Library Association's list of 100 most frequently challenged books of 1990–2000 due to its use of profanity and realistic depiction of the war.
 Starclimber is the third book in the Matt Cruse fantasy series written by Canadian author Kenneth Oppel.-Matt Cruse and Kate de Vries go higher than ever when they take part in the very first expedition to outer space -- and the journey turns out to be even more thrilling perilous and deadly than imagined.- Kenneth Oppel
 George Duncan Ludlow (1734 – November 13 1808) was lawyer and a Puisne Judge of the Supreme Court of the British Province of New York in the Thirteen Colonies who became the first Chief Justice of New Brunswick in Canada.George Ludlow was part of the British elite who served as Master of the Rolls and Chief Superintendent of the police for Long Island. A Loyalist during the American Revolution in 1781 Ludlow abandoned his estate at Hempstead Plains to return to England.
 Gobulsan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 310 metres.
 The Fertőrákos Mithraeum is a temple to the Roman god Mithras at Fertőrákos in Hungary. The temple (known as a mithraeum) follows a typical plan of a narthex followed by the shrine proper that consists of a sunken central nave with podium benches on either side.
 Wymysłowo [vɨmɨˈswɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Szubin 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Nakło nad Notecią and 22 km (14 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 71.
 The Langpangkong Range is a mountain range in Nagaland India. It one of the six major mountain ranges inhabited by the Ao people. It is located between the valleys of the Dikhu and Milak rivers in the Mokokchung District. An Ahom king who escaped from his capital (the present-day Sibsagar in Assam) due to court intrigues and rivalries is believed to have taken refuge here.
 The Valea Ursului River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Pariah is a 2011 American contemporary drama film written and directed by Dee Rees. It tells the story of Alike (Adepero Oduye) a 17-year old African-American teenager embracing her identity as a lesbian. It premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival and was awarded the Excellence in Cinematography Award.
 Okeeblow is an album by Scapegoat Wax released in 2001. See 2001 in music.
 Cradle of Genius is a 1961 Irish short documentary film directed by Paul Rotha. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 A Martian Odyssey is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum originally published in the July 1934 issue of Wonder Stories. It was Weinbaum's first published story and remains his best known. It was followed four months later by a sequel Valley of Dreams. These are the only stories by Weinbaum set on Mars.
 To pontikaki (Greek: Το ποντικάκι the little mouse) also To pondikaki is a 1954 Greek police film directed by Nikos Tsiforos and starring Aliki Vougiouklaki Dionyssis Papayannopoulos and Nikos Rizos.
 Raja Pervaiz Ashraf (Urdu: راجہ پرویز اشرف‎); born 26 December 1950) is a businessman agriculturist and politician who served as the 17th Prime Minister of Pakistan from 22 June 2012 until completing his designated term on 16 March 2013.Prior to be elevated as Prime minister he previously served as the Minister for Water and Power in the Yousaf Raza Gillani-led governmentfrom March 2008 to February 2011.
 Jesse Lee Church is a historic church in Readfield Maine.It was a built in 1795 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Koombooloomba Dam is located 39 km south south east of Ravenshoe. The dam was constructed in 1960 on the Tully River system for hydroelectric power generation. It has a surface area of 1550 hectares has an average depth of 12.9 metres and holds some 200 700 mega-litres.Koombooloomba Hydro Power Station is a dam release point situated on Koombooloomba Dam. The power station was commissioned in 1999.
 Kurmanów [kurˈmanuf] (Ukrainian: Курманів Kurmaniv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białopole within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Białopole 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Chełm and 88 km (55 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Phaedra was a 1962 motion picture directed by Jules Dassin as a vehicle for his partner Melina Mercouri after her world-wide hit Never on Sunday.The film was the fourth collaboration between Dassin and Mercouri who took the title role. Greek writer Margarita Lymberaki adapted Euripides' Hippolytusinto a melodrama concerning the rich society of ship owners and their families but still containing some of the tragic elements of the ancient drama.
 Hypodoxa conspurcata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia including Queensland.
 Gangkhar Puensum (Tibetan: གངས་དཀར་སྤུན་གསུམ་ Wylie: gangs dkar spun gsum ZYPY: Kanggarbünsum alternatively Gangkar Punsum or Gankar Punzum) is the highest mountain in Bhutan and a strong candidate for the highest unclimbed mountain in the world with an elevation of 7570 metres (24836 ft) and a prominence of 2995 metres (9826 ft). Its name means 3 mountain siblings. It lies on the border with China (however see below for disputes about its exact location).
 Hot Sauce Committee Part Two is the eighth studio album by the Beastie Boys released on April 27 2011.The album was originally planned for release on September 15 2009 under the title Hot Sauce Committee Pt. 1 as the first installment of a two-part set. The album was delayed after band member Adam MCA Yauch was diagnosed with cancer.
 Il bello il brutto il cretino internationally known as The Handsome the Ugly and the Stupid is a 1967 Italian film directed by Giovanni Grimaldi. It is a spaghetti western parody of The Good the Bad and the Ugly.
 Venngarn Castle (Swedish: Venngarns slott) is a castle in Sweden.
 As God Commands (Italian: Come Dio сomanda) is a 2008 Italian drama film directed by Gabriele Salvatores. It was entered into the 31st Moscow International Film Festival.
 Chudova (Russian: Чудова) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Kolva River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 51 km. Area of drainage basin is 129 km ². It flows into the Kolva River at the point located 6.4 km from Kolva's mouth near the town of Cherdyn.
 The Gouyave River is a river of Grenadain the parish of St Johns.As you approach the town of Gouyave from the south a metal bridge straddles the river whence the coastal road passes to the west of Windsor Park before entering the town. The Gouyave River runs inland through the Dougaldston Estate owned by the Branch family.
 Lake Solitude 2510 feet (770 m) is a highland tarn located at the top of Sunapee Ridge between the main summit of Mount Sunapee and South Peak. The lake 4.61 acres (18656 m²) is approximately 832 feet (254 m) long by 383 feet (117 m) wide and is located within Newbury New Hampshire and Mount Sunapee State Park. A popular hiking destination Lake Solitude is accessible via the 50-mile (80 km) Monadnock-Sunapee Greenway Trail.
 Milap Chand Jain was the former Chief Justice of the Rajasthan High Court.He was born in 1929 in Jodhpur Rajasthan. After obtaining his B. Com. and LLM degrees he was appointed as a judge of the Rajasthan High Court in 1978 and he later rose to become the Chief Justice. He was also the chairman of the Jain Commission set up by the Government of India to inquire into Rajiv Gandhi's assassination.
 American Mayor is a 2009 documentary film detailing Travis Irvine's 2007 campaign for mayor of Bexley Ohio.
 Veslekjølen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Tiasmyn river (Ukrainian: Тясмин) is a right tributary of the Dnieper River in Ukraine. The Tiasmyn originates in the north central part of the Dnieper hills in the central Ukrainian province of Kirovohrad. From there it flows through the Cherkasy Oblast where it finally flows into the Kremenchuk Reservoir. The river forms a U-turn (180°) in its central run.
 The White-capped Dipper (Cinclus leucocephalus) is an aquatic songbird found in South America. It is a small black bird with white spots. It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.
 Chaotic part of the Women of the Otherworld series is a novella written by Kelley Armstrong. It was published in an anthology of supernatural-themed novellas called Dates From Hell. This novella takes place between Haunted and Broken in the Women of the Otherworld series.
 Joy (1990) is a novel by Marsha Hunt about the relationship between two African-American women that is based on secrets lies and delusion. Mainly set in a posh New York apartment in the course of one day in the spring of 1987 the novel contains frequent flashbacks that describe life in a black neighbourhood in the 1950s and 1960s.
 This Time Around is a made for television movie starring Carly Pope Sara Rue and Brian Austin Green. It aired on the ABC Family Channel on June 22 2003 and Fox Family Channel in the Philippines in 2012.
 Bells Mills Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge in Sewickley Township and South Huntingdon Township Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It is a 95-foot-long (29 m) Burr truss bridge constructed in 1850. It features pedimented gables and plain pilasters in the Greek Revival style. It crosses Sewickley Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Olney Daily Mail is an American daily newspaper published in Olney Illinois and covering Richland County. Current owner GateHouse Media purchased roughly 160 daily and weekly newspapers from Hollinger in 1997.
 Greenslade is an eponymous album of seven songs from the British progressive rock band Greenslade released in 1973 and their first studio album. The artwork for the album cover is by Roger Dean.
 The Dammbach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 Khailad is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5734 living in 610 individual households.
 The Buldușor River is a tributary of the Valea Satului River (Crișul Repede) in Romania
 Hampton is a village in Hamilton County Nebraska USA. The population was 423 at the 2010 census.
 Sekiyado Castle (関宿城 Sekiyado-jō) is a Japanese castle located in Noda northwestern Chiba Prefecture Japan. At the end of the Edo period Sekiyado Castle was home to the Kuse clan daimyō of Sekiyado Domain.
 Love Roma (ラブロマ Rabu Roma) is a Japanese Romantic comedy manga series written and illustrated by Minoru Toyoda. It began serialization in 2003 Afternoon a Japanese manga magazine. The first bound volume was released in September 2003 in Japan; as of December 2005 the story concluded with five volumes released.
 Destiny's Child World Tour is a DVD by R&B group Destiny's Child. The video was filmed during their show at Rotterdam the Netherlands.
 Exilioidea indica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ptychatractidae.
 Maj. John Burrowes Mansion is located in Matawan Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The mansion was built in 1723 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 29 1972.
 Woman Is the Future of Man (Hangul: 여자는 남자의 미래다; RR: Yeojaneun namjaui miraeda) is a 2004 South Korean film directed by Hong Sang-soo. The film wasn't a box-office hit but was entered in the competition category of the 2004 Cannes Film Festival and received screenings at several other festivals. The title of the film is a translation of a line from a poem by Louis Aragon that the director saw printed on a French postcard.
 Hajji Abd ol Vahhab (Persian: حاجي عبدالوهاب /حاجي رمضان /‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī ‘Abd ol Vahhāb; also known as Hāj Abdolvāhāb Ḩājj ‘Abd ol Vahhāb Qal‘eh-ye Ḩājj Rameẕān and Ḩājjī Rameẕān) is a village in Gifan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 477 in 131 families.
 Solo-Duo is a compilation album released after Kenny Drew's death in 1996 consisting of dates recorded in the years of 1966 1977 and 1983. The album features solo work as well as duo work performed on separate dates with double-bassists Bo Stief and Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen.
 Thambikku Indha Ooru (Tamil: தம்பிக்கு இந்த ஊரு; English: This town for my brother) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Badri. It stars Bharath Sana Khan Prabhu Vivek and Madalsa Sharma in the lead roles. The film was released on 5 March 2010 to negative reviews and was declared a box office bomb.
 Cathedral Peak is a (12326-foot (3757 m)) mountain located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Cathedral Peak is 1.5 mi (2.4 km) southwest of Mount Chauvenet in the Popo Agie Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest.
 Ocean Tower also known as Sofitel Hotel Plaza or The Mall is a building in Karachi Pakistan. It is also known as Ocean Mall.
 Fabresema suffusa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 1979. It is found in New Caledonia.
 Davudabad (Persian: داوداباد‎ also Romanized as Dāvūdābād) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District Salafchegan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Indian Journal of Medical Microbiology is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Association of Medical Microbiology. The journal publishes articles on medical microbiology including bacteriology virology phycology mycology parasitology and protozoology.
 Wife For a Night (Italian: Moglie per una notte) is a 1952 Italian film starring Gina Lollobrigida. It was based on the play The Dazzling Hour by Anna Bonacci which was later updated for the Billy Wilder film Kiss Me Stupid.
 The Cocktail Cowboy Goes It Alone is the first solo album by Dave Pegg of Fairport Convention and Jethro Tull. It was recorded at his Woodworm Studios in Barford St. Michael during Spring 1983; it was released in 1983 as Woodworm WR003.Pegg formed a band called The Cocktail Cowboys to promote the album featuring young local musicians.
 Cast a Dark Shadow is a 1955 British suspense film directed by Lewis Gilbert. The black-and-white film was based on the play Murder Mistaken by Janet Green. The story concerns a young Bluebeard played by Dirk Bogarde.
 Mowtowr-e Hasan Shagha ol Dini Masha-ye Kheyrabad (Persian: موتورحسن شجاع الديني مشاع خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩasan Shaghāʿ ol Dīnī Mashāʿ-ye Kheyrābād) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Maskun (Persian: مسكون‎ also Romanized as Maskūn; also known as Masgūn) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 449 in 106 families.
 The Great Perhaps is the fifth novel by Joe Meno. It was a winner of the Great Lakes Book Award for Fiction in 2009 and a New York Times Book Review Editor's Choice.
 The Church of All Saints is a parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Davenport. The church is located in Keokuk Iowa United States at 301 S. 9th Street. The church building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as St. Peter Church the name of the original congregation.
 Pudhaiyal (Tamil: புதையல்) is a Tamil film that starring Sivaji Ganesan and Padmini in the lead roles. The film was released in the year 1957.
 Pagurus sinuatus is a large species of hermit crab found in Australia and the Kermadec Islands. It is red or orange in colour with coloured bands on the legs and patches on the body.
 La Région centrale is a 1971 experimental Canadian film directed by Michael Snow. The film is 180 minutes long and was shot in Canadian mountains (in Quebec) over a period of 24 hours using a robotic arm and consists entirely of preprogrammed movements. The robotic arm never moves in exactly the same way twice so that each camera movement is slightly different.
 Miss MacIntosh My Darling is a novel by Marguerite Young. She has described it as an exploration of the illusions hallucinations errors of judgment in individual lives the central scene of the novel being an opium addict's paradise.The novel is 11th on the Wikipedia List of longest novels and 5th among novels written in English.
 Gökyaka is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 749 people.
 The Moldy Peaches is the eponymous debut album by anti-folk band The Moldy Peaches. It was primarily recorded in a basement in Port Townsend Washington and was released in 2001. The album has the dubious distinction of being released in the U.S. on September 11 2001 the date of the attacks on the World Trade Center and coincidentally containing the song NYC's Like a Graveyard.The song Anyone Else but You was used in the Academy Award-winning 2007 film Juno.
 Nailbiter is a 2013 horror film directed by Patrick Rea. The movie was first released onto DVD in Japan on January 25 2013 and received its American debut on April 5 2013 at the Phoenix Film Festival. It stars Erin McGrane as a mother that defend herself and her children against a dangerous foe. Rea intends to film a sequel to the film which is tentatively titled Nailbiter 2.
 Back Long Ago (Spanish: Allá lejos y hace tiempo) is a 1969 Argentine film directed by Ricardo Becher and written by Guillermo Enrique Hudson with George Sherry Zabrieskie.The film starred Anna Bradley Rodolfo López and Cihangir Gaffari as John Foster.
 Morosaphycita oculiferella is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is known from Australia (including Queensland and the Australian Capital Territory) and New Zealand.The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults have dark brown forewings with various dark lines each having a white mark near the base of the inner margin. The hindwings are off-white with narrow dark margins.
 Paqu Kiwuta (Aymara paqu / p'aqu light brown reddish fair-haired dark chestnut kiwuta canine tooth or tusk -ta nominal Aymara suffix to indicate the direction (from) from the brown canine (or tusk) hispanicized spellings Pacokeuta Paco Keuta Pakokiuta Pakokiwuta) is a mountain in the Andes about 5589 m (18337 ft) high located in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Batallas Municipality Kirani Canton.
 The Mountain Winery formerly the Paul Masson Mountain Winery is a winery in Saratoga California USA. It was founded by Paul Masson a pioneer of the California wine industry. The winery became famous for its slogan voiced by Orson Welles in television commercials We will sell no wine before its time.The winery is a California Historical Landmark (#733) and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Eudalaca minuscula is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from South Africa.
 The Winchester Repeating Arms Company Historic District is a historic district in New Haven Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It includes 867 properties which include 858 major structures and 131 notable outbuildings. Of these structures 876 are buildings deemed to contribute to the historical and/or architectural significance of the area and most of these are residential.
 Easy Wonderful is the sixth studio album by the American alternative rock band Guster released on 5 October 2010 on Universal Republic. From 24 August to 18 October 2010 videos for all of the tracks on the album were posted to Vimeo. The first single from the album Do You Love Me was released on iTunes and through the band's website on 3 August 2010.Easy Wonderful peaked at #22 on the Billboard 200 and reached #2 on the Alternative Albums chart.[citation needed]
 Augustana is the third studio album by the American rock band Augustana released on April 26 2011 on Epic Records.The album's lead single Steal Your Heart was planned for a radio release on February 14 in order to coincide with Valentine's Day but was released early on February 8 via AOL Music.American Songwriter's review states the album is full of strong if not extraordinary material which is sure to leave an indelible impression.
 Upper Saranac Lake is one of three connected lakes part of the Saranac River in the towns of Santa Clara and Harrietstown near the village of Saranac Lake in the Adirondacks in northern New York. Upper Saranac Lake is the sixth largest lake in the Adirondacks. With Middle Saranac Lake and Lower Saranac Lake a 17-mile (27 km) paddle with only one carry is possible.
 Sir Oswald Victor Cheung CBE QC SC JP (張奧偉爵士) (1922－2003) was an eminent barrister in Hong Kong，known as the doyen of the bar.Ossie was the first ethnic Chinese to become a Queen's Counsel in colonial Hong Kong and the first Chinese chairman of the Royal Hong Kong Jockey Club. Cheung was a mentor to a number of eminent lawyers including Audrey Eu and Margaret Ng.
 Smash & Grab: The Story of the Pink Panthers is a 2013 documentary by Havana Marking based upon the international jewel thief network called the Pink Panthers. The movie had a limited release on Jul 31 2013 and had a wider release in the United Kingdom on September 27 2013.
 Heliosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Psychopharmacology is the third album by Firewater released on April 17 2001 through Jetset Records.
 On the Content and Object of Presentations (German: Zur Lehre vom Inhalt und Gegenstand der Vorstellungen) is an 1894 book by the Polish philosopher Kazimierz Twardowski a student of Franz Brentano.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Baghestan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 The A. H. Bulbulian Residence is a house located at 1229 Skyline Drive Rochester Minnesota United States. It was designed by noted architect Frank Lloyd Wright for Arthur H. Bulbulian a pioneer in the field of facial prosthetics. It is down the street from the Thomas Keys House and not far from the James McBean Residence all three examples of Wright's Usonian genre of architecture.
 St. Lawrence's Church Thorpe is a parish church in the Church of England in Thorpe Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 South Saddle Mountain is the tallest mountain in Washington County Oregon.Part of the Oregon Coast Range the peak is located in the Tillamook State Forest in the northwest section of the state of Oregon. It is the eighth highest peak of the Oregon Coast Range.
 John Tannery Henley (August 10 1921 – March 17 2012) was a North Carolina politician and pharmacist from Hope Mills North Carolina. He was born in Wadesboro North Carolina. He served as mayor of Hope Mills as a member of the North Carolina House of Representatives and of the North Carolina Senate where he served as President Pro Tempore for the 1975-76 and 1977-78 General Assemblies. He died in 2012 in Fayetteville North Carolina.
 Clash of the Sky Galleons is a children's fantasy novel by Paul Stewart and Chris Riddell first published in 2006. It is the ninth volume of The Edge Chronicles and the third of the Quint Saga trilogy; within the stories' own chronology it is the third novel preceding the Twig Saga and Rook Saga trilogies that were published earlier.
 Dragon Ball Z: Dead Zone originally released theatrically in Japan simply as Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball Z: Return my Gohan!! (ドラゴンボールZ オラの悟飯をかえせッ!! Doragon Bōru Zetto Ora no Gohan o Kaese!!) for its Japanese VHS and Laserdisc release is the fourth film in the Dragon Ball franchise and the first one under the Dragon Ball Z moniker.
 Vallabhbhai Kakadiya is a Member of Legislative assembly from Rakhial constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
 The Planachaux (1925 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located south of Rossinière in the canton of Vaud. It overlooks the Lac de l'Hongrin on its south side.
 Xenocide (1991) is the third novel in the Ender's Game series of books by Orson Scott Card. It was nominated for both the Hugo and Locus Awards for Best Novel in 1992. The title is a combination of 'xeno-' meaning alien and '-cide' referring to the act of killing; altogether referring to the act of selectively killing populations of aliens a play on genocide.
 Centennial Place is a set of 2 skyscrapers constructed in Calgary Alberta Canada. Named in honour of Alberta's Centennial year the complex includes an underground 5 level parkade with 793 stalls. The office space covers 1200000 sq ft (110000 m2).Construction of Centennial Place was completed in 2010.
 Also known as Super Hits of the '70s: Have a Nice Day Volume 10 or Super Hits of the '70s Volume 10.
 The Anaktuvuk River is a river in Alaska's North Slope. One hundred and thirty-five miles (217 km) long it flows west from glaciers in the Endicott Mountains changing direction just north of Anaktuvuk Pass to flow north to the Arctic Coastal Plain where it joins the Colville River.
 The Correntes River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Salt River Hydroelectric Powerplant on the Salt River and on the border of Idaho and Wyoming near Etna Wyoming was built in 1938.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1993. The listing included six contributing structures and one contributing building on 36 acres (15 ha).It is significant for its role in development of the Star Valley area of Wyoming. It was funded by the New Deal's Rural Electrification Administration program which began in 1935.
 Kivett Hall is the oldest building on the campus of Campbell University in Buies Creek North Carolina. The building has long served as the icon of the University and is noted for its bell tower that chimes every quarter hour.
 Route 666 is the second album by the all-female tribute band The Iron Maidens and the first under their Japanese label Powerslave Records. It is also the first release featuring guitarist Heather Baker (who replaced Elizabeth Schall and Josephine Soegijanty).
 The Crazy Mountains often called the Crazies are a mountain range in the northern Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Montana.
 The Juine is a 53-kilometre-long French river. It is a tributary off the left bank of the Essonne River.Its source is in Loiret in the forest of Chambaudoin less than 3 km south-west from Autruy-sur-Juine.
 Echo is a Danish film.Awards 2007 Flanders International FILM Festival – Nominated: Grand Prix
 Simeon Selby Pennewill (July 23 1867 – September 10 1935) was an American farmer and politician from Dover in Kent County Delaware. He was a member of the Republican Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly and as Governor of Delaware.
 The Pistol is the first EP by Swedish post-hardcore/emo/indie rock band Sounds Like Violence released on April 27 2004.
 Ormond Quay Presbyterian Church is a former church located at Ormond Quay Dublin. There was a congregation of Presbyterians many of Scottish extraction around Ormond Quay (then called Usher's Quay) since the early 18th century a Mr. Arbuckle being the first minister. The construction of the church was financed by a bequest from a widow Martha Maria Magee (née Stewart) from Lurgan County Armagh who had moved to Dublin.
 Wiktoryn [vikˈtɔrɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Waganiec 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 30 km (19 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Chrysophyllis is a genus of the grass moth family (Crambidae). It is monotypic containing the single species C. lucivaga. This moth is very little-known having only been recorded once before 1935. It belongs to the large grass moth subfamily Spilomelinae; at the time of its description these were still included in subfamily Pyraustinae and the entire Crambidae was then merged with the snout moths (family Pyralidae).
 Out of True is the fourth studio album by British band The Nightingales. Released in the United Kingdom on 2 October 2006 the album is the band's first since 1986's In The Good Old Country Way. The album was recorded and produced completely in June 2006 in Birmingham.[citation needed] The album contains 3 cover versions Let's Think About Living by Bob Luman Good Boy by Kevin Coyne and There's A New World Just Opening For Me by Ray Davies.
 Not to be confused with Dennis E. Williams the Delaware state representative from the Talleyville-based 10th district.Dennis P. Williams (born January 8 1953) is a Delawarean politician who serves as the Mayor of Wilmington. He previously served in the Delaware House of Representatives from 1995 to 2013 in a district based in northern Wilmington. He won the mayoral election for the city of Wilmington on November 6 2012.
 The Lost Warrior is the first in an original English-language manga trilogy based on the best-selling book series Warriors by Erin Hunter. The manga was published by the distributor Tokyopop and was released on April 24 2007. It follows Graystripe's adventures trying to escape from the Twolegs who have taken him in as their kittypet. It is drawn by James Barry.
 The Girl on the Train (French: La fille du RER) is a 2009 French drama film directed by André Téchiné starring Emilie Dequenne Catherine Deneuve and Michel Blanc. The plot centers on an aimless girl who lies about being the victim of a hate crime.
 The Building at 1715-1717 Cambridge Street is an historic multifamily house at 1715-1717 Cambridge Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame Greek Revival building was built in 1845 as a speculative rental property for Royal Richardson. It is one of four such buildings (of which this and the next door property survive) ordered by Richardson.
 The Origin is a series of comics set in the Buffy the Vampire Slayer universe. It retells the events of the movie by adapting and remaining faithful to Joss Whedon's original script. According to the Official Buffy Watcher's Guide Whedon wrote the TV pilot episode of Buffy as set as a sequel to his original movie script so this adaptation was a chance for fans to see something closer to his intended vision.
 Bąkowa [bɔnˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Lipsko and 116 km (72 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Harpacticidae is a family of copepods containing the following genera:
 The Haller Mauern is a small mountain chain part of the larger Northern Limestone Alps.The western buttress of the main ridge is formed by the 2244 m high Großer Pyhrgas. This mountain is also the highest peak in the Haller Mauern. Its summit offers fine views and may be relatively easily climbed on the so-called normal route although sure-footedness is required.
 Winning Your Wings is a 1942 Allied propaganda film of World War II produced by Warner Bros. Studios for the US Army Air Forces starring Jimmy Stewart. It was aimed at young men who were thinking about joining the Air Force. Members of the production crew would later form the core of the First Motion Picture UnitThe film opens with a plane landing on a tarmac and a pilot in full flight gear getting out and walking toward the camera.
 Justin Oberman served as a founding member and senior executive at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) where he participated in several critical aspects of the agency’s start-up including the hiring of 60000 employees and taking responsibility for security at 429 airports in 12 months’ time. He was a candidate for State Treasurer of Illinois. He was formerly a candidate in Illinois's 5th congressional district special election 2009.
 The Dăianu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Ogilvie Mountains are a mountain range in the Yukon Territory that lie north of Dawson City and are crossed by the Dempster Highway. The best known mountains are part of the Tombstone Territorial Park .The highest mountain within the range is Mount Frank Rae at 2362 m (7749 ft). The most familiar mountains with their jagged granite peaks are Tombstone Mountain and Mount Monolith.The area was first surveyed by William Ogilvie and the range subsequently named after him.
 Dig It! is a jazz album by The Red Garland Quintet recorded in 1957 and 1958 but not released until 1962 on the Prestige label as PRLP 7229.
 Fallen Moon (堕天の月 Daten no Tsuki) is a stand-alone collection of short stories by manga artist Toui Hasumi. It is published by Blu Manga in America the shōnen-ai and yaoi publishing division of Tokyopop.
 The Majorca Building is a neo-Romanesque eight-storey tall building in Melbourne Australia designed and constructed between 1928-30. Located at 258-260 Flinders Lane it was designed by Harry Norris one of the most prolific architects in the city during the 1920s and '30s.Norris's designs incorporated both emerging Australian and American architectural styles and the Majorca Building has been described as his best work incorporating faience.
 The Dillon County Courthouse built in 1911 is a historic courthouse located at 301 West Main Street in the city of Dillon in Dillon County South Carolina. It was designed in the Classical Revival style by Darlington native William Augustus Edwards who designed eight other South Carolina courthouses as well as academic buildings at 12 institutions in Florida Georgia and South Carolina. Dillon County was created in 1910 and this is the only courthouse it has ever had.
 Karlberg Palace is a palace by the Karlberg Canal on the border of Stockholm in Solna. The palace built in 1630 and the oldest in Solna municipality today houses the Military Academy Karlberg.In the park are found among other things a temple of Diana (originally dedicated to Neptune) and the burial site of Pompe the dog of King Charles XII.Notwithstanding the palace remain a military institution the park is accessible to the public and is open 06-22 daily.
 The First National Center formerly known as First National Bank Building is a prominent skyscraper in downtown Oklahoma City. The art deco tower is 446 feet (136 m) tall at the roof and is 493 feet (150 m) at its spire and contains 33 floors. The building was constructed in 1931 by the First National Bank and Trust Company of Oklahoma City and has 990000 square feet (92000 m2) of office space.
 Piotrówek [pjɔˈtruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 The Barrier Miner was a daily English language broadsheet newspaper published in Broken Hill in far western New South Wales from 1888 to 1974.
 Resplendent Mountain or Mount Resplendent is a peak in the Canadian Rockies located within Mount Robson Provincial Park in British Columbia Canada. It is a part of the Rainbow Range and is a sister peak to the more famous Mount Robson its nearest neighbour. Together they form a classic panorama seen by travellers from the VIA railway and Highway 16. The mountain was named by Arthur P. Coleman and A.O.
 Bostra nanalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Bostra. It was described by Wileman in 1911 and is known from Japan and Taiwan.
 The Cleft (2007) is a novel by Doris Lessing.
 Batteries Not Included (styled *batteries not included) is a 1987 family-science fiction film directed by Matthew Robbins about small extraterrestrial living machines that save an apartment block under threat from property development. The story was originally intended to be featured in the TV series Amazing Stories but Steven Spielberg liked the idea so much that he decided to make it a theatrical release.
 Mental Floss (stylized mental_floss) is an American magazine that presents facts and trivia in a humorous way. It is published eight times a year. MentalFloss.com hosts a popular blog which presents additional trivia features and interesting news articles. The magazine has a circulation of 160000 while the website attracts nearly 8 million users a month.
 Louis Thomas McFadden (July 25 1876 – October 1 1936) was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania serving from 1923 to 1935. A banker by trade he was an opponent of the Federal Reserve system and was the chief sponsor of the McFadden Act of 1927 which limited federal branch banks to the city in which the main branch operates. He believed that Jewish bankers were plotting with others against the United States.
 The Park Row Building is a building on Park Row in the Financial District of the New York City borough of Manhattan also known as 15 Park Row. The building was designed by R. H. Robertson a pioneer in steel skyscraper design and engineered by the firm of Nathaniel Roberts.In 1999 the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission designated the Park Row Building a landmark.
 Goubbiah mon amour (English: Goubbiah my love) is a French romance drama film from 1956 directed by Robert Darène written by René Barjavel starring Jean Marais. The scenario was based on a novel of Jean Martet. The film was known under the title Cita en el Sol (Spain) Kiss of Fire (UK) Liebe unter heißem Himmel (West Germany).
 Konow (Persian: كنو‎) is a village in Sarvestan Rural District in the Central District of Sarvestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 409 in 91 families.
 Costasiella coronata is a species of sacoglossan sea slug a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Limapontiidae.
 John Smith (13 September 1938 – 12 May 1994) QC MP was a British Labour Party politician who served as Leader of the Labour Party from July 1992 until his death from a heart attack in May 1994. He first entered Parliament in 1970 and was the Secretary of State for Trade from 1978 to 1979 and then the Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer under Neil Kinnock from 1987 to 1992.
 Tutufa (Tutufella) boholica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 Western Front is a downloadable album by a British duo Carbon/Silicon consisting of Mick Jones (The Clash) and Tony James (Generation X). It was officially released on October 14 2006.
 Predicrostonyx is a genus of extinct rodent in the family Cricetidae.It contains only the species Hopkins's Lemming Predicrostonyx hopkinsi which is considered one of the earliest examples of collared lemmings.
 Oregon Health & Science University Hospital (OHSU Hospital) is a Level I trauma center and teaching hospital in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. Part of Oregon Health & Science University (OHSU) the facility has 534 beds. Located on OHSU's Marquam Hill campus south of Downtown Portland the hospital is adjacent to Doernbecher Children's Hospital and a Shriners Hospital for Children. OHSU Hospital is one of only two Level I trauma centers in Oregon.
 Thomas's Sac-winged Bat (Balantiopteryx io) is a species of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae.It is found in Belize Guatemala and Mexico.
 Gomez’s Web-footed Salamander (Bolitoglossa gomezi) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Band Sar (Persian: بندسر‎) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 26 families.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is an Episcopal church located at 20 E. Cherry St. in Albion Illinois. The church was built in 1842-43 and has held regular services continuously since its opening. Albion's Episcopal congregation established in 1819 was the first Protestant church in the city; it met in a log cabin prior to the construction of the church. The church was built from red brick with a foundation of locally quarried stone.
 Big Sulphur Creek is a westward-flowing stream in northern Sonoma County California U.S.A. which springs from The Geysers in the Mayacamas Mountains and runs 20 miles (32 km) to empty into the Russian River.
 Jadaliyya (dialectic) is a free ezine featuring English Arabic and French-language content by academics journalists activists and artists from and/or on the Middle East. It is produced by the Arab Studies Institute (ASI) All of Jadaliyya's co-editors are unpaid volunteers and it does not accept advertising.
 Ohařice is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Meru Peak is a mountain which lies in the Gharwal Himalayas in the Uttarakhand region of India. It lies between Thalay Sagar and Shivling and has some highly challenging routes. It is 6660 metres (21850 ft) high. It was the site of the world's highest BASE Jump from 'Earth' by Glenn Singleman and Heather Swan from a height of 6604 metres (21667 ft) in June 2006 but has since been surpassed by Valery Rozov's 2013 jump from Everest's North Face.
 The Bank of the Southwest Tower was a proposed building located in Houston Texas at 1404 ft tall. It would have been second tallest building in North America after the Willis Tower in Chicago.[citation needed] With an estimated construction cost of $350–400 million the project was cancelled before construction commenced due to lack of funds during the economic downturn.The design created by architect Helmut Jahn of Murphy/Jahn Inc. Architects was the winner of a design competition in 1982.
 Helen DeVos Children's Hospital is a pediatric hospital in Grand Rapids Michigan and a division of Spectrum Health. It is named for Helen DeVos wife of Amway founder Richard DeVos a major donor.
 Raymond James Ray O'Connor (6 March 1926 – 25 February 2013) was an Australian politician. He served as the 22nd Premier of Western Australia from 1982 to 1983. He also played Australian rules football for the South Fremantle and East Perth Football Clubs in the Western Australian National Football League (WANFL). In 1991 he was convicted of fraud as part of the WA Inc scandal and served a six-month jail term.
 First African Baptist Church is a historic church at 2621 9th Street in Tuscaloosa Alabama.It was built in 1907 from a congregation established in 1866 and was added to the National Register in 1988.
 Spanking Machine is the debut album by American punk rock band Babes in Toyland released in 1990.
 D-Trick is the second solo album by Daisuke Asakura as well as the last solo album released by him before he joined the popular J-pop group Access. It was released on September 2 1992 and features vocals by Reimy on track 5 and Hiroyuki Takami on tracks 5 7 and 12.
 Alngey (Russian: Алнгей) is a stratovolcano in central Kamchatka. The volcano is located to the east of the shield volcano Tekletunup and to the west of the crest of the northern Sredinny Range.
 It's All About is the 1968 debut album of British band Spooky Tooth. The album was originally released in England by Island Records.In West Germany the record was released by Fontana. The American version of the album entitled Spooky Tooth was originally released on Bell in 1968. It was reissued in 1971 as Tobacco Road.
 Sohan Potai (born 29 April 1958) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Kanker constituency of Chhattisgarh and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.
 The Aragvi River (Georgian: არაგვი) and its basin are located in Georgia on the southern slopes of the Caucasus Mountains. The river is 112 km. long and its basin covers an area of 2724 km.² The ground strata is mostly sandstone slate and limestone. The Jinvali Dam and its 130 MW.
 Men and Women (Portuguese: Noite Vazia) is a 1964 Brazilian drama film directed by Walter Hugo Khouri. It was entered into the 1965 Cannes Film Festival.
 Émile Flach was the first Minister of State for Monaco. He served between 1911 and 1917. He was born in 1860 and died in 1959 at the age of 99.
 Hemmatabad-e Zamani (Persian: همتابادزماني‎ also Romanized as Hemmatābād-e Zamānī; also known as Hemmatābād and Hemmatābād-e Zamānābād) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1447 in 390 families.
 Silky Soul is the seventh studio album and ninth overall album by Bay Area-based R&B group Maze. Released in 1989 on Warner Bros. Records.
 Juan-Carlos J.C. Planas (born July 17 1970 in Miami Florida) is a Florida Republican politician who served as the District 115 representative in the Florida House of Representatives from 2002-2010 before having to retire due to Florida term limits. He received his Bachelors degree from the Florida State University in 1993. A former prosecutor he received his Juris Doctorate from St. Thomas University School of Law in 1998 and still practices law when not in Tallahassee.
 The Black-and-white Shrike-flycatcher (Bias musicus) also known as the Black-and-white Flycatcher or Vanga Flycatcher is a species of passerine bird found in Africa.
 Elder Mazi Nnamdi Udoh MSc (born 8 May 1960) is the Chief Executive officer/Managing Director at the Nigerian airspace management agency.
 The American Journal of Psychology was the first English-language journal devoted primarily to experimental psychology (though Mind founded in 1876 published some experimental psychology earlier). AJP was founded by the Johns Hopkins University psychologist Granville Stanley Hall in 1887. The journal has distributed several groundbreaking papers in psychology.
 Fort William H. Seward also known as Chilkoot Barracks or as AHRS Site No. SKG-001 is a site at Port Chilkoot in Haines Alaska. It was the last of a series of 11 military posts established in Alaska during the gold rush era.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1978.
 Cao Sơn is a commune (xã) and village in Bạch Thông District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Mound City National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located near Mound City in Pulaski County Illinois. It encompasses 10.5 acres (4.2 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 8098 interments. It is administered by Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery. This cemetery is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Nassarius clathratus common name the clathrate nassa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Fontana is a lunar crater that is located in the southwestern part of the Moon's near side to the south of the Oceanus Procellarum. It lies to the west-northwest of the flooded crater Zupus. Midway between Fontana and Zupus is a rille system designated Rimae Zupus.This is a low-rimmed crater with an interior floor that is marked only by several small craterlets and a few low ridges in the southwest. The rim is narrow and roughly circular with an outward bulge at the northern end.
 Jastrzębia [jasˈtʂɛmbja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciężkowice within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Ciężkowice 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Tarnów and 72 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1800.
 Sultana Daku is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Mohammed Hussain. The film stars Helen Jairag Richardson and Dara Singh .
 Tape Two is the second EP by Scottish hip hop group Young Fathers. It was released on June 11 2013 through Anticon. The EP was entirely produced by Young Fathers.
 The Early Years:1990-1995 is a compilation album created by The Casualties released in 2001 and recorded 1990-1995.
 Evil Bong is a 2006 horror/comedy film directed by Charles Band about a group of college stoners who smoke from a sentient malevolent bong unaware that it traps the smoker in a surreal strip-club with killer strippers and other strange creatures. The ending features an extended cameo by Tommy Chong of Cheech & Chong fame. Brandi Cunningham from VH1's Rock of Love with Bret Michaels and Bill Moseley of The Devil's Rejects also make appearances in the film.
 The Little Falls Meetinghouse is a historic Friends meeting house located at Fallston Harford County Maryland United States. It was constructed in 1843 and is a sprawling one-story fieldstone structure with shallow-pitched gable roof and a shed-roofed porch. The building replaced an earlier meetinghouse built in 1773. Also on the property is a cemetery and a one-story frame mid-19th century school building with additions made post-1898 and in 1975.
 The Last Gospel (titled The Lost Tomb in the US) is an archaeological adventure novel by David Gibbins. First published in 2008 it is the third book in Gibbins' Jack Howard series. It has been published in more than 20 languages and was a London Sunday Times top-ten bestseller [1] and a New York Times top-ten bestseller [2].
 St. John the Baptist Greek Orthodox Church is located at 602 Park Avenue in Midtown Omaha Nebraska. The original congregation was formed in 1907 to meet the needs of Omaha's then-burgeoning Greek community. The current building is a city landmark that was originally constructed in 1908 for Omaha's Temple Israel and was sold to the St. John's parish in 1951.
 The Ten Commandments is a 1923 American silent epic film produced and directed by Cecil B. DeMille. Written by Jeanie MacPherson the film is divided into two parts: a prologue recreating the biblical story of the Exodus and a modern story concerning two brothers and their respective views of the Ten Commandments. Lauded for its immense and stupendous scenes use of two-strip Technicolor and parting of the Red Sea sequence the expensive film proved to be a box-office hit upon release.
 Zafar Ali Naqvi is an Indian politician and member of the Parliament of India representing the Lakhimpur Kheri constituency. His political party is the Indian National Congress. Watch Lakhimpur Kheri prosper under his able vision ... http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fLQzPhT7BjY
 Hurricane Streets (aka Hurricane) is a 1997 American coming-of-age drama which was the debut feature film from writer-director Morgan J. Freeman (not to be confused with actor Morgan Freeman). The film won the Audience Best Director and Best Cinematography Awards at the 1997 Sundance Film Festival—the first film ever to win three awards at the festival. It was released by MGM and stars Brendan Sexton III and Edie Falco.
 Purple Reign in Blood is the third album released by the pop punk band Fenix TX. The album is a live recording and it marks their first performance together in almost four years. The album was released on November 8 2005. The show's encore was cut from the CD which is evident as the end of the CD fades out while the crowd chants the phrase One more song!.
 Keep Your Powder Dry is a 1945 drama film starring Lana Turner Susan Peters and Laraine Day as women who join the Women's Army Corps during World War II. The film was directed by Edward Buzzell and written by George Bruce and Mary C. McCall Jr.
 Howard L. Fargo is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives where he represented the 8th legislative district.He graduated from Clearfield High School in 1946 and from the Indiana University of Pennsylvania in 1951. He earned an M.Ed. from Penn State University in 1957.Prior to elective office he worked as a Certified Public Accountant in his own practice and served as the treasurer of the Mercer County Republican Committee.
 Robert Gabriel Mugabe (/muːˈɡɑːbiː/ moo-GAH-bee; Shona pronunciation: [muɡaɓe]; born 21 February 1924) is a Zimbabwean revolutionary and politician who is the President of Zimbabwe. As one of the leaders of the rebel groups against white minority rule he was elected as Prime Minister head of government in 1980 and served in that office until 1987 when he became the country's first executive head of state. Having been repeatedly re-elected he retains this post to this day.
 Dreamt for Light Years in the Belly of a Mountain is the fourth and final album by Sparklehorse before Mark Linkous' death in 2010. It was released September 25 2006 on Astralwerks Records.
 Oligoryzomys moojeni is a species of rodent from South America in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae. It is known only from central Brazil where it is found in the cerrado and gallery forests. It is named after twentieth-century Brazilian zoologist João Moojen. Its karyotype has 2n = 70 and FNa = 84.
 Date with an Angel is a 1987 American fantasy comedy film starring Emmanuelle Béart Phoebe Cates and Michael E. Knight. The film was written and directed by Tom McLoughlin. The original music score was composed by Randy Kerber. The visual effects were produced at Boss Film Studios under the supervision of Visual Effects Supervisor Richard Edlund. The film was marketed with the tagline Jim is about to marry a princess... but he's in love with an angel.
 The Sorrows of an American is Siri Hustvedt's fourth novel. It was first published in 2008 and is about a Norwegian American family and their troubles.
 The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven is a 1993 collection of interconnected short stories by Sherman Alexie.
 The Outback Club is the debut album by Australian country musician Lee Kernaghan. It won Best Country Album at the ARIA Music Awards of 1993.
 Sergei Uasyl-ipa Bagapsh (Abkhaz: Сергеи Уасыл-иҧа Багаҧшь Georgian: სერგეი ბაგაფში; March 4 1949 – May 29 2011) was the second President of the Republic of Abkhazia. He was Prime Minister from 1997 to 1999 and was later elected as President in 2005. He was re-elected in the 2009 presidential election. He died onMay 29 2011 at the age of 62 from complications of surgery.
 The Old Masters is a play by Simon Gray about the art critic Bernard Berenson and the art dealer Joseph Duveen. It is set over one evening in Berenson's Italian home Villa I Tatti near Florence in 1937.
 James M. Johnson was an Arkansas politician and a soldier for the Union Army in the First Arkansas Infantry during the American Civil War. After the war he was elected Lieutenant Governor in 1868 with Powell Clayton as Governor. When the Republican Party of Arkansas split in 1871 Johnson sided with the Brindle Tails against Clayton who was supported by the Minstrels. When he spoke out against Clayton he was attacked with articles of impeachment in the state legislature.
 Alter is a 2002 album by Portland Oregon band Floater. Strong self-destructive motifs and a desire to return to an earlier time period are present in many of Alter's songs.
 Traful Lake is a lake in the Argentine province of Neuquén with an area of 70 km². The lake is the starting point of the Traful River that empties into the Nahuel Huapi Lake.This lake is famous for its viewpoint on a 102 meters high glaciar cliff that offers a complete view of the lake and the entire valley. At the lake's shore lies the mountain town of Villa Traful the main inhabited place in the lake area.
 Peacetika is the fourth studio album by Minneapolis-based noise rock band Cows released in March 1991 through Amphetamine Reptile Records.
 Santelhöchi Pass is a mountain pass in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.It connects Egerkingen and Bärenwil. The pass is the shortest route from the Autobahn intersection at Egerkingen to Langenbruck Waldenburg Liestal and Basel.The Jurahöhenweg trail crosses the pass road between Hauenstein und Roggen (in the municipality of Balsthal).
 Riddim Driven: Trilogy is the fourth album in VP Records' Riddim Driven series. It was released in March 2001 on CD and LP. It was the first album in the series to feature exclusively one riddim. The last 5 tracks only appear on the CD edition.
 The Kumbharli Ghat is a mountain pass in Maharashtra India cutting across the Western Ghats range. It connects the coastal Ratnagiri District Konkan region of Maharashtra with the Satara District Desh region on the Deccan plateau. It is one of few link roads between the Konkan and Ghatmaatha in Maharashtra. The road a state highway is at an average elevation of 625 m (2051 ft). It links the cities of Chiplun (Ratnagiri district) and Karad (Satara district).
 Welplagebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Nine Destinies and a Downfall is the third full-length studio album by the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia. It was released on 23 February 2007 through Nuclear Blast. The enhanced CD of the digipak edition contains a bonus track the video for the song My Mind's Eye and multimedia software.
 The Peninsula Hong Kong (Chinese: 香港半島酒店) located in Tsim Sha Tsui Kowloon Hong Kong is the flagship property of the The Peninsula Hotels group. Opened in 1928 and expanded in 1994 the hotel combines colonial and modern elements and is notable for its large fleet of Rolls-Royces painted the distinctive Peninsula green.
 Children Hand in Hand (手をつなぐ子ら Te o tsunagu kora) is a 1963 Japanese documentary film directed by Susumu Hani. It was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Diploma.
 Soala Ibiapuye Martyns-Yellowe was elected Senator for the Rivers West constituency of Rivers State Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic running on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform.
 Crystal Lake is a village census-designated place and part of the town of Ellington Connecticut in Tolland County Connecticut United States. The population was 1459 at the 2000 census.
 The Church of the Holy Sepulchre Cambridge is an Anglican church in the city of Cambridge England and is known locally as The Round Church. It is located on the corner of Round Church Street and Bridge Street. Since 1950 the church has been designated a Grade I listed building and is currently managed by Christian Heritage. It is one of the four medieval round churches still in use in England.
 The Mindoro Imperial Pigeon (Ducula mindorensis) is a bird species in the family Columbidae. It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.It was formerly classified as a Vulnerable species by the IUCN. But new research has shown it to be rarer than it was believed. Consequently it is uplisted to Endangered status in 2008.
 Thompson Street School is a historic school at 58 Crapo Street in New Bedford Massachusetts.The school was built in 1884 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.
 The Chiesa del Sacro Cuore (Church of the Sacred Heart) is located in Via Capo di Mondo in Florence.Ludovico da Casoria a Franciscan priest founder of the Congregation of Frati Bigi had the church built between 1874 and 1877 on the model of San Salvatore al Monte. The church is situated in Firenze (Campo di Marte). In 1941 it became a parish church and the building was completely restructured by the architect Lando Bartoli between 1956 and 1962.
 Ade Bajomo (born March 12 1966) is the Executive Director of The Nigerian Stock Exchange for Market Operations and Technology a position he assumed on May 1 2011. Prior to joining The Exchange he worked at Barclays Bank PLC. leading the Replatforming Programmes for Africa and Indian Ocean region to achieve significant technology and business operations benefits in the region. He has over 23 years of professional experience.
 Napalpí is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 W. D. Burrows House also known as Hopewell is a historic home and farm located at Kenton Kent County Delaware. The house was built about 1830 and is a two-story five bay center hall plan brick dwelling. It has a full basement and gable roof. Also on the property are a contributing barn a machine shed chicken house and assorted storagesheds. They are dated to the late-19th and early-20th centuries.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Two-Fisted Tales was a bimonthly anthology war comic published by EC Comics in the early 1950s. The title originated in 1950 when Harvey Kurtzman suggested to William Gaines that they publish an adventure comic. Kurtzman became the editor of Two-Fisted Tales and with the advent of the Korean War he soon narrowed the focus to war stories. The title was a companion comic to Frontline Combat and stories Kurtzman wrote for both books often displayed an anti-war attitude.
 400 South Tyron formally called the Wachovia Center is a skyscraper in Charlotte center city North Carolina. When it was being built there were rumors that the developer intended to add ten more floors to pass Bank of America Plaza and become the tallest building in Charlotte. It is now the 11th tallest building.
 Grubb Mansion is a historic home located at Pottstown Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1906 and is a three-story asymmetrical brownstone building in the Queen Anne style. It features a 9-feet deep front porch with an open turret art glass windows and an octagonal tower. The dwelling was converted to office use in 1954 and a union hall was added to the rear in 1956.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Black Symphony is a live album DVD and Blu-ray Disc from Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation. It was released worldwide on September 22–24 2008 and is available on 2-disc DVD 2-disc CD and Blu-ray.
 Polka! All Night Long is an album by Jimmy Sturr released through Rounder Records in 1996. In 1997 the album won Sturr the Grammy Award for Best Polka Album.
 Ampelomeryx is an extinct genus of herbivorous even-toed ungulate mammal belonging to the family Palaeomerycidae Ampelomeryx was named by Duranthon et al. (1995). It was assigned to Palaeomerycinae by Prothero and Liter (2007). It had frontal and occipital appendages. It was similar to Tauromeryx and Triceromeryx.
 The Tsitsikamma River (Afrikaans: Tsitsikammarivier) is a small river at the western end of the Eastern Cape coast South Africa. It is part of the Fish to Tsitsikama Water Management Area.
 Tribelos is a genus of European non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Lecithocera altusana is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 15-15.5 mm. The forewings are relatively broad and even broader towards the termen. The ground color is yellowish brown scattered with brown scales. There are two well defined dark discal spots the distal one being much larger and elongated vertically. A dark brown line runs along the termen. The hindwings are slightly broader than the forewings.
 A Little Green Book of Monster Stories is a collection of short stories written by American author Joe R. Lansdale published by Borderlands Press as part of their Little Book series.
 Kitty Foyle is a 1939 American novel by Christopher Morley. A bestseller in 1939 and 1940 it was adapted as a popular 1940 film.The novel tells of a white-collar girl who falls in love with a young socialite despite the objections of his family. Contemporary Authors noted: Central to the story is protagonist Kitty's affair with the affluent Wyn Strafford.
 El Jueves (Spanish for Thursday) is a Spanish satirical weekly magazine published in Barcelona. Its complete title is El Jueves la revista que sale los Miércoles (Thursday the magazine that comes out on Wednesdays).
 St. Peter and St. Paul's Church Mottistone is a parish church in the Church of England located in Mottistone Isle of Wight.
 Holy Trinity Anglican Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located on the banks of the Churchill River in Stanley Mission a community in the Lac La Ronge First Nation and Lac La Ronge Provincial Park in Saskatchewan Canada.
 Arupäälse is a village in Lüganuse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 American Libraries is the official news and features magazine of the American Library Association. Published six times per year along with four additional digital-only supplements it is distributed to all members of the organization.
 Lutom [ˈlutɔm] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Czersk 19 km (12 mi) east of Chojnice and 90 km (56 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 109.
 Redhead is the major label debut album by Bleu. Released by the Columbia Records imprint Aware Records in 2003 the two versions featured various songs including the single Get Up the song Somebody Else from Spider-Man and I Won't Go Hollywood from American Dreamz and Win a Date With Tad Hamilton!. The song Sayonara from the original release features backing vocals from Puffy AmiYumi.
 Cowboy Serenade is a 1942 American Western film directed by William Morgan and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and Fay McKenzie. Written by Olive Cooper the film is about a singing cowboy and cattleman who goes after a gambling ring after they fleece the cattlemen association's representative of their cattle. The film features the songs Nobody Knows and Sweethearts or Strangers and the title song.
 The Great St. Louis Bank Robbery (also called The St. Louis Bank Robbery the film title in the opening credits) is a 1959 heist film shot in black and white. The film stars Steve McQueen as a college dropout hired to be the getaway driver in a bank robbery. The film is based on a 1953 bank robbery attempt of Southwest Bank in St. Louis. The film was shot on location in St. Louis and some of the men and women from the St.
 Keep the Music Playing is a 1991 album by Shirley Bassey. The album was recorded in the UK at the Westgreen Studios and in the Netherlands at Wisseloord Studios Hilversum.
 Cement City Historic District is a historic district in Donora Pennsylvania. The district includes 80 Prairie School concrete residences built in 1916-17. The homes served as housing for employees of the American Steel and Wire Company. Poured-in-place concrete houses had become popular in large-scale housing developments at the time partly thanks to promotion by Thomas Edison; the homes built in Donora used a newly patented construction method from the Lambie Concrete House Corporation.
 Help Wanted Nights is the fourth album by the Omaha-based band The Good Life released on September 11 2007 on Saddle Creek Records. Currently frontman Tim Kasher has moved to Los Angeles and has written a screenplay entitled Help Wanted Nights.
 Noel John Tanzer AC (born 16 November 1931) is a retired senior Australian public servant and policymaker.
 George Newcombe Gordon PC (April 15 1879 – March 21 1949) was a Canadian politician.Born in Brighton Ontario he was a barrister before being elected to the Canadian House of Commons from the riding of Peterborough West in the 1921 federal election. A Liberal he was defeated in the 1925 federal election. From 1922 to 1925 he was the Deputy Speaker and Chairman of Committees of the Whole of the House of Commons. In 1925 he was the Minister of Immigration and Colonization.
 Nerariyan CBI (Malayalam: നേരറിയാന്‍‌ സിബിഐ) is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by K Madhu written by S. N. Swami and starring Mammootty Mukesh and Jagathy Sreekumar.This film is the fourth in the series of the CBI investigative thrillers featuring Mammootty as CBI officer Sethurama Iyer. Prequels to this film are Oru CBI Diary Kurippu (1988) Jagratha (1989) and Sethurama Iyer CBI (2004). A fifth Veendum CBI in the series has been announced and is now in the pre-production stage.
 Stanley Mario Betrian (born 1 November 1951) is a Curaçaoan politician who served as the second Prime Minister of Curaçao in an interim capacity. He was sworn in on 29 September by Acting Governor Adèle van der Pluijm-Vrede. He led the government until a cabinet was formed following the elections of 19 October 2012.
 The Ega is a river in the north of Spain. It is a tributary of the Ebro. The Ega flows through Navarre but it originates in Álava near Lagrán and flows through the town of Estella - Lizarra.
 The Lunca Meteşului River is a tributary of the Ampoiţa River in Romania.
 Phylolestes ethelae the Hispaniolan Malachite is a species of damselfly in the family Synlestidae. It is found in the Dominican Republic and Haiti where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.This species is the only member of its genus.
 Félix María Zuloaga Trillo (31 March 1813 – 11 February 1898) was a Mexican general and a Conservative leader in the War of Reform. In the late 1850s and early 1860s Zuloaga served as unconstitutional interim conservative president of Mexico in opposition to the constitutional president Benito Juárez of the Liberal Party.
 Gagnåsvatnet or Gangåsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The 5.49-square-kilometre (1360-acre) lake is located about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) southwest of Orkanger and about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) west of Fannrem in the Orkdalen valley.The water flows into the lake from the Songa river which flows out of the lake Våvatnet on the border of Orkdal and Snillfjord.
 The George Washington Baines House is located in the city of Salado county of Bell in the U.S. state of Texas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Bell County Texas in 1983 and designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1981.George Washington Baines was the father of Joseph Wilson Baines who was the father of Rebekah Baines mother of Lyndon B. Johnson. A Baptist minister Rev.
 The Search: 1985–1989 is a retrospective CD from American hardcore punk band Bold recorded at the Revelation Records studio.The CD contains the band's entire recorded output: Their first 7 EP Join The Fight (1985) which was recorded under the name Crippled Youth their full length debut album Speak Out (1988) their second and final album Looking Back (recorded 1989 released 1991) three tracks that appeared either on compilations or on the original CD reissue of Speak Out and two previously unreleased recordings. 
 About Schmidt is a 2002 American comedy-drama film directed by Alexander Payne starring Jack Nicholson in the title role. It is very loosely based on the 1996 novel of the same title by Louis Begley. The film follows Schmidt as he retires from his pedestrian job followed by the death of his wife for whom he has lost affection. He goes on a road trip in order to attend the wedding of his only daughter to a man and into a family he does not particularly like.
 Murder of Tides is the first solo album by Centro-Matic and South San Gabriel leader Will Johnson. It was released in 2002 as a joint venture between Johnson and his long-time manager Bob Andrews at Undertow Music Collective.
 Where What When is a monthly Jewish periodical in the Baltimore Maryland area. Established in 1985 its content is directed to the wide spectrum of Baltimore's Jewish population and it has an approximate readership of 40000.The magazine is circulated by mail and by newsstand throughout Maryland and Washington D.C. including Baltimore Silver Spring and Rockville.
 Eight Crazy Nights is a 2002 American animated musical comedy-drama film directed by Seth Kearsley and produced co-written by and starring Adam Sandler. Unlike most mainstream holiday films it centers on Jewish characters during the Hanukkah season as opposed to religious or secular celebration of Christmas.
 Mondomanila (Or How I Fixed My Hair After a Rather Long Journey) is Norman Wilwayco's triple Palanca-winning novel which won in 2002; short story which won in 2000; and screenplay which won in 2003. Its original title is in Tagalog: Mondomanila: Kung Paano Ko Inayos Ang Buhok Ko Matapos Ang Mahaba-haba Ring Paglalakbay.
 Karakurizōshi Ayatsuri Sakon (人形(からくり)草紙あやつり左近 lit. Doll Puppeteer Sakon) is a manga series written by Masaru Miyazaki (under the alias Sharakumaro) and illustrated by Takeshi Obata. The plot follows Tachibana Sakon (橘 左近) a bunraku puppeteer who solves mysteries with Ukon (右近) a puppet.Karakurizōshi Ayatsuri Sakon was serialized in the Shueisha magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1995 to 1996. The chapters were collected into four Tankōbon bound volumes.
 Nights in Rodanthe is a romantic love novel by American writer Nicholas Sparks in September 2002.Set in Rodanthe North Carolina the story follows the purely intense and close romance of a divorced mother Adrienne Willis and a divorced father and surgeon Paul Flanner. The novel's two main protagonists meet in an inn in Rodanthe and fall strongly in love.
 Buczyna [buˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Lubrza 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Świebodzin 45 km (28 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 46 km (29 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 30.
 Chłopska Wola [ˈxwɔpska ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pysznica within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Pysznica 3 km (2 mi) north-east of Stalowa Wola and 63 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 164.
 Uppariguda is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Ibrahimpatnam mandal.
 Michael Andre Shipp (born October 1965) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.
 Highcliff (Chinese: 曉廬) is a 252.4-metre (828-foot) tall skyscraper located on a south slope of Happy Valley on the Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong. The 75 storey (70 floors of which are liveable space) building's construction began in 2000 and was completed in 2003 under a design by DLN Architects & Engineers.
 Valloires Abbey is a 12th-century Cistercian abbey situated in the commune of Argoules in the Somme department of France.The Abbey de Valloires is also the burial place of the Comte de Ponthieu with nearly every Count from the 12th to the 14th centuries buried there.
 Lake Ann is one of eight private lakes in Bella Vista Arkansas.
 Ravna Reka is a village in the municipality of Vladičin Han Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 167 people.
 Astyris lunata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 The New Canada is a Canadian political literature book written by Reform Party of Canada founder and leader Preston Manning and published by Macmillan Canada. The book explains the personal religious and political life of Preston Manning and explains the roots and beliefs of the Reform Party.
 Harlie Eugene Reynolds known as Gene Reynolds (born December 1950) is a retired educator in Dubberly Louisiana who is a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 10 (Webster Parish and one precinct from Bossier Parish).
 Üçkonak Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Francis McDougal (April 1826 – March 6 1910) was a Canadian businessman and mayor of Ottawa from 1885 to 1886.He was born in Lancaster Upper Canada in 1826 and came to Bytown in the 1840s. He worked as clerk in a hardware store and opened his own hardware business in 1851 on Sussex Street. He was an alderman from 1869 to 1876 and then from 1881 to 1883. During his term as mayor electric street lights were introduced in Ottawa. During the 1890s he was a director for J.R.
 Prince Bayaya (Czech: Bajaja) is a 1950 Czechoslovak animated film directed by Jiří Trnka.
 Actihema msituni is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Kenya.The wingspan is about 14 mm. The forewings contain white scales and a blackish patch in the costal half followed by a white patch. The hindwings are light fuscous with transverse striae.
 Love Among Thieves is a made-for-television romantic-adventure motion picture that was produced by the ABC network in 1987. The film starred Audrey Hepburn as the Baroness and concert pianist Caroline DuLac who steals three jewel-encrusted Fabergé eggs from a San Francisco museum. The eggs were demanded as ransom for her kidnapped fiancé in Latin America.
 Journey is the debut album released by Verity and her band Verity and the Shades.
 The Row is a set of historic homes located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It consists of three contiguous mid-19th century vernacular houses and their associated outbuildings. The houses were built between about 1845 and 1850 and each is of heavy wood frame construction on a coursed rubble limestone foundation. The outbuildings are two privys and a carriage barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 M Magazine is a monthly teen magazine. It is published by Bauer Publishing the United States division of the German firm Bauer Verlagsgruppe. Like the majority of teenage magazines it contains common features like teen gossip quizzes fashion hot couples posters and more with celebrities that pertain to the readers. Many Disney Nickelodeon and Pop stars are usually the target and cover of the magazine. The first issue was released in January 2000.
 The True Story of the Three Little Pigs is a children's book by Jon Scieszka and Lane Smith. Released in a number of editions since its first release in 1989 it is a parody of The Three Little Pigs as told by the Big Bad Wolf known in the book as A. Wolf short for Alexander T. Wolf. The book was honored by the American Library Association as an ALA Notable Book.
 The Isle of Wight Gazette was a local newspaper. The paper edition was published on Fridays as a fortnightly publication until January 2011. It remained as an active online publication until June 2011. The Gazette included a mix of local news advertising features entertainment jobs and sport. It latterly had close links with the local Fire and Rescue Service and often reported on traffic accidents and fires.
 Omar Abdullah Urdu: عمر عبداللہ‎;Hindi: उमर अब्दुल्ला;About this sound pronunciation ; (born 10 March 1970) is an Indian Kashmiri politician and the scion of one of the state's most prominent political families the Abdullah family who became the 11th and the youngest Chief Minister of the Indian State of Jammu and Kashmir after forming a government in coalition with the Congress party on 5 January 2009.He was a member of 14th Lok Sabha representing Srinagar constituency of Jammu and Kashmir India. 
 Gay City News is a free weekly newspaper based in New York City that focuses on local and national issues relating to the lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community. It was founded in 1994 as Lesbian Gay New York later LGNY and was sold to Community Media LLC owner of The Villager in 2002 which renamed the publication. It is the largest LGBT newspaper in the United States with a circulation of 47000.Gay City News came into existence after several incarnations.
 Acrocercops tricirrha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Indonesia (Java).The larvae feed on Polygonum chinense. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Carry On Cowboy is the eleventh in the series of Carry On films to be made. It was released in 1965 and was the first film to feature series regulars Peter Butterworth and Bernard Bresslaw. Series regulars Sid James Kenneth Williams Jim Dale Charles Hawtrey and Joan Sims all feature and Angela Douglas makes the first of her four appearances in the series.
 Full Disclosure is a 2005 short film about a man who decides to try dating with a policy of Full Disclosure revealing all his faults big and small to people he dates on the first date.
 Hajji Hazer (Persian: حاجي حاضر‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Ḩāẕer; also known as Ḩājī Āzar Ḩājjī Āzar Mazār-e Ḩājjī Bābā Ḩāzer Mazār-e Ḩajjī Hazār Mazār Hāji Hazār and Mazār Ḩājjī Hazār) is a village in Kalan Rural District Zarneh District Eyvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 11 families.
 Jack Jackson Jr. (Navajo) is an American attorney and politician from Arizona. A Democrat he serves in the Arizona Senate representing the state's 2nd district in northern Arizona. He is a former member of the Arizona House of Representatives having served from January 2003 to January 2005.His father Jack C. Jackson Sr. served in the Arizona House until 2004 and they were the first father and son to serve together in the state legislature. In 2004 Jackson Jr.
 Leopold David Verney 21st Baron Willoughby de Broke DL (born 14 September 1938) is a British member of the House of Lords.
 The Metropolitan Museum of Art Roof Garden (Iris and B. Gerald Cantor Roof Garden) is a rooftop garden terrace art venue and restaurant open in the warm weather months at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art. The Roof Garden offers views of Central Park and the Manhattan skyline. The garden is the gift of philanthropists Iris and B. Gerald Cantor founder and chairman of securities firm Cantor Fitzgerald. The Garden was opened to the public on August 1 1987.
 Makosieje [makɔˈɕejɛ] (German: Makoscheyen 1938–1945 Ehrenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Kalinowo 13 km (8 mi) east of Ełk and 135 km (84 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 The Makeover is singer Jody Watley's ninth studio album. Watley recruited a diverse group of contemporary dance and electronica producers for the project among them King Britt 4hero and DJ Spinna. The album's vintage aesthetic which saw her take the old and remake it as new was likely foretold in Watley's updating of her signature classic Looking for a New Love in 2005.
 Aleksandar Vučić (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Вучић pronounced [alěksaːndar ʋûtʃitɕ] born 5 March 1970) is a Serbian politician who has been Prime Minister of Serbia since 28 April 2014. He is also the leader and president of the Serbian Progressive Party (SNS). Besides Serbian Aleksandar Vučić is fluent in English and has a working knowledge of French and Russian.[citation needed] Vučić is a graduate of the Belgrade Law School.
 Wayne Allyn Root (born July 20 1961) is an American politician entrepreneur television and radio personality author television producer and political commentator. He was the 2008 Libertarian Party (LP) vice-presidential nominee. Root is a former CNBC host and anchorman and a columnist and commentator for FoxNews.com. Root is a frequent guest on several nationally syndicated radio shows such as Savage Nation The Jerry Doyle Show and Mancow's Morning Madhouse.
 The Cinder River is a stream 44 miles (71 km) long in southwestern Lake and Peninsula Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins in Aniakchak National Monument and Preserve and flows northwest into Bristol Bay.Silver salmon are plentiful in the Cinder River which drains cinder beds on the flanks of Mount Aniakchak. Accessible mainly by small airplanes that can land on cinder beds or beach sand the river is lightly fished.
 The Loose Stream sometimes called the River Loose or Langley Stream is a tributary of the River Medway notable for the number of watermills that it powered in its short length. It rises in Langley flows through Boughton Monchelsea Loose and enters the Medway at Tovil. The river valley is deep sided and there is much evidence of the paper and wool trades which once flourished here: the stream has been dammed in many places resulting in many mill ponds.
 Wyoming Renegades is a 1954 Western film directed by Fred F. Sears and starring Phil Carey Gene Evans and Martha Hyer. The film features Butch Cassidy as the leader of the Hole in the Wall Gang. The film was shot from June 21 to June 30 1954 at the Iverson Movie Ranch
 Monolith is the sixth studio album by American progressive rock band Kansas released in 1979 (see 1979 in music). The album was remastered and reissued in 2011 as a Japanese import vinyl-replica Blu-spec CD (Epic EICP 20078). A domestic version of the remaster was released in standard CD format in the U.S.
 The Bad Mother's Handbook was a one-off television drama based on the best-selling novel: The Bad Mother's Handbook by Kate Long. It was broadcast on ITV on 19 February 2007 starring Catherine Tate Anne Reid Holly Grainger and Robert Pattinson. According to BARB the show received strong viewing figures of 6.09 million.
 Stuart Sinclair Garson PC CC KC (December 1 1898 – May 5 1977) was a Canadian politician and lawyer. He served as the 12th Premier of Manitoba from 1943 to 1948 and later became a federal cabinet minister.Born in St. Catharines Ontario the son of William Garson and Margaret Annable Garson came to Manitoba with his parents in 1901. He received a Bachelor of Law degree from the University of Manitoba in 1918 and was called to the bar a year later.
 The Pârâul Adânc is a tributary of the Pârâul Mic in Romania.
 The Băița River is a tributary of the Baia River in Romania.
 Amblypsilopus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Faro de Vigo is a Spanish daily newspaper for the town of Vigo. It is the oldest Spanish newspaper in circulation.[citation needed]Its headquarters are located in Chapela Redondela.
 Kurmanbek Saliyevich Bakiyev (Kyrgyz: Курманбек Сали уулу Бакиев Kurmanbek Sali Uulu Bakiev; Russian: Курманбе́к Сали́евич Баки́ев; born 1 August 1949) is a politician who served as the second President of Kyrgyzstan from 2005 to 2010. Large opposition protests in April 2010 led to the takeover of government offices forcing Bakiyev to flee the country.Bakiyev was the leader of the People's Movement of Kyrgyzstan before his ascendance to the presidency.
 Kaude Shah (Punjabi: ਕੌਡੇ ਸ਼ਾਹ) also spelled as Koday Shah or Kode Shah is a 1953 Punjabi blockbuster directed by S.P. Bakshi (Shanti Prakash Bakshi) starring Daljit Shyama Miss Manju Thakur Ramesh Nagpal Chand Burqe Rajni Jaswant Khraiti Bhainga and Mohan. Sardul Kwatra composed the music with playback singers Mohammad Rafi Shamshad Begum Talat Mahmood and Rajkumari. The songs of the movie became very popular.
 The Kremlin Armory (Russian: Оружейная палата) is one of the oldest museums of Moscow established in 1808 and located in the Moscow Kremlin (map).The Kremlin Armoury originated as the royal arsenal in 1508. Until the transfer of the court to St Petersburg the Armoury was in charge of producing purchasing and storing weapons jewelry and various household articles of the tsars.
 The Capital City Club is a private social club located in Atlanta Georgia. Chartered on May 21 1883 it is one of the oldest private clubs in the South.
 Joseph Joe Deshotel (born December 3 1951) is an attorney and businessman from Beaumont Texas and a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives. Since 1999 he has represented District 22 in Jefferson County.
 Lake Maxinkuckee is the second largest natural lake in the U.S. state of Indiana covering 1864 acres (8 km2). It is located near the town of Culver Indiana in southwestern Marshall County. Lake Maxinkuckee has a maximum depth of 88 feet (27 m) and an average depth of 24 feet (7 m). Local residents and visitors practice ice fishing on the lake.The first inhabitants of the lake area were Mound Builders most likely the Potawatomi or Miami.
 The Four Feathers is a 2002 action drama film directed by Shekhar Kapur starring Heath Ledger Wes Bentley Djimon Hounsou and Kate Hudson. Set during the British Army's Gordon Relief Expedition (late 1884 to early 1885) in Sudan it tells the story of a young man accused of cowardice.This film with altered plot events is the latest in a long line of cinematic adaptations of the 1902 novel The Four Feathers by A.E.W. Mason.
 Watch Horror Films Keep America Strong! is a 2008 documentary about the popular television series Creature Features televised out of Oakland California 1971 to 1984. Produced by independent filmmakers Tom Wyrsch and Robert Napton the film features interviews with Creature Feature hosts Bob Wilkins and John Stanley classic clips as well as interviews with other key figures close to the show. The film premiered in May 2008 at the Grand Lake Theater in Oakland California.
 St Mary the Virgin Church is an Anglican church in the Kemptown area of Brighton in the English city of Brighton and Hove. The present building dates from the late 1870s and replaced a church of the same name which suddenly collapsed while being renovated. The Gothic-style red-brick building whose style resembles Early English revival and French Gothic revival is now a Grade II* listed building and remains in use despite threats of closure.
 Nowiny [nɔˈvinɨ] (German: Derweiler) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Chodecz 23 km (14 mi) south of Włocławek and 71 km (44 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Coleophora taygeti is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain France Italy Greece and Romania.
 Otkhta (Georgian: ოთხთა Turkish: Dörtkilise)10th century Georgian monastery which was built in 961-965 by Davit Kurapalat and renewed in 978-1001. Georgian monastery and cathedral church located in Dörtkilise the town of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. Otkhta is a one of the large Cathedral in Tao-Klarjeti with Oshki Ishkhani and khakhuli and one version that why called it Otkhta which mean in English from fourth.
 Conan the Marauder is a fantasy novel written by John Maddox Roberts featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in January 1988 and reprinted in 1992. The first British edition was published in paperback by Orbit Books in February 1991.
 Bely (Russian: Белый вулкан lit. white volcano) is a basaltic shield volcano in central Kamchatka. The volcano is located in the northern Sredinny Range.
 Vardesku (Persian: وردسكو‎ also Romanized as Vardeskū; also known as Vardeskūn) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 European Neuropsychopharmacology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It is the official journal of the European College of Neuropsychopharmacology. It was established in November 1990 and covers clinical and basic research relevant to the effects of centrally acting agents in its broadest sense.
 Wrinstone or Wrinston is a medieval hamlet just east of Wenvoe Vale of Glamorgan south Wales. The Wrinstone estate was variously also known as Wrenston Wrencheston or Wrenchester.
 Ralph E. Kaiser is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He earned a degree from Robert Morris College in 1973. He worked at the U.S. Steel Duquesne Works for 11 years before its closure in 1984. He worked 2 jobs for the next four years before successfully challenging incumbent Republican Raymond T. Book in a district that had been controlled by Republicans since its creation.
 Thomas Jefferson (April 13 [O.S. April 2] 1743 – July 4 1826) was an American Founding Father the principal author of the Declaration of Independence (1776) and the third President of the United States (1801–1809). He was a spokesman for democracy embraced the principles of republicanism and the rights of man with worldwide influence.
 Rostam Poshteh (Persian: رستم پشته‎) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Schwingungen is the second album by the Krautrock band Ash Ra Tempel. It was released in 1972 on Ohr. It has been re-released four times most recently in 2011 on MG Art Records.
 Nurste is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 The Vezieș River or Vizieș River is a tributary of the Sângeriș River in Romania.
 Alhambra (1996) is an EP by The Tea Party and was used as a bridge between The Edges of Twilight and Transmission albums.
 Datu Tucao Ong Mastura CPA (Full: Datu Ahmad Tucao Ong Mastura bin Sultan Kudarat; born September 3 1946 Sultan Kudarat Maguindanao) is an influential Filipino politician. He is the younger brother of the well known lawyer historian professor and former Maguindanao First District and Cotabato City Congressman Datu Michael Mastura and an older brother of Mayor Datu Armando Mastura of Sultan Mastura Maguindanao.
 Christmas Cheers is the second studio album by American men's a cappella singing group Straight No Chaser. It was released in the US on November 3 2009. It has peaked to number 38 on the U.S. Billboard 200.
 Honky Tonk is a 1929 American musical film starring Sophie Tucker in her film debut. The film was a flop when released and is now lost although the soundtrack for the trailer still exists. Tucker sings a number of songs in the movie including her theme song Some of These Days and I'm the Last of the Red Hot Mamas from which she took her billing as The Last of the Red Hot Mamas.
 The Last Play at Shea is a 2010 documentary film written by Mark Monroe directed by Paul Crowder produced by Steve Cohen and Nigel Sinclair in conjunction with Billy Joel's Maritime Pictures and Spitfire Films. The film is centered around Billy Joel's 2008 concerts of the same name that occurred at Shea Stadium. The shows were staged on July 16 and 18 2008 before a combined 110000 fans and were the last performances ever to play the historic stadium before it was demolished.
 Show Business is a 1944 movie musical film starring Eddie Cantor George Murphy Joan Davis Nancy Kelly and Constance Moore. The film was directed by Edwin L. Marin and released by RKO Radio Pictures.
 Black Flag is the name of a number of anarchist periodicals most notably the British anarchist bi-annual magazine Black Flag mainly known for its coverage of international anarchist politics as well as supporting class war prisoners.
 Kastriot Selman Islami (born August 18 1952 in Tirana Albania) is an Albanian politician. He was Chairman of the Parliament of Albania from April 17 1991 to April 6 1992. On April 3 1992 when the last communist president Ramiz Alia resigned Islami served as acting president for three days. During the presidency of Sali Berisha (1992–1997) Islami had no important positions in the government but from 1997 to 2005 he was an important person in the government again.
 Żabice [ʐaˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębocice within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 By Dawn’s Early Light (AKA The Grand Tour) is an HBO Original Movie aired in 1990 and set in 1991. It is based on the 1983 novel Trinity's Child written by William Prochnau. The film is one of the last to depict the events of a fictional World War III before the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War.
 Nebojša Ćirić (Serbian Cyrillic: Небојша Ћирић) is the former Minister of Economy and Regional Development in the Government of the Republic of Serbia. He is a member of the G17 Plus political party. He was born in 1974 in Bor. He graduated from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Economics. From 1996-1997 he was a Junior Account Manager at the Belgrade Ogilvy & Mather. Between 1997-2001 he was an expert consultant at the Economy Institute in Belgrade.
 The Crimson-breasted Finch (Rhodospingus cruentus) also known as the Crimson Finch-tanager is a species of small finch-like bird native to woodland and scrub of western Ecuador and adjacent north-western Peru. It is the monotypic within the genus Rhodospingus. It has traditionally been placed in the family Emberizidae but is now associated with Thraupidae.
 Painted Desert Serenade is the debut studio release from pianist/singer-songwriter Joshua Kadison released in 1993 on SBK (a subsidiary of Capitol Records who also featured Wilson Phillips and Vanilla Ice on its roster). It featured two singles both of which reached the top 20 on the Billboard Hot 100: Jessie peaked at number 26 in the US (while placing three spots in Sweden a year after its release) while the track Beautiful in My Eyes managed a chart placing of 19 in 1994.
 Ship of Fools is a 1962 novel by Katherine Anne Porter which tells the tale of a group of disparate characters sailing from Mexico to Europe aboard a German freighter and passenger ship. It is an allegory that traces the rise of Nazism and looks metaphorically at the progress of the world on its voyage to eternity.
 Abante is a daily Filipino tabloid publication in the Philippines. Its office is in Manila. Its editor-in-chief is Allen A. Macasaet. During the State of Emergency in 2006 operatives from the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group tried to raid Abante's office but withdrew when they saw that there are television crew in the area.Currently this is the one of the leading Tagalog-language tabloid paper along with Pilipino Star Ngayon and Bulgar.
 The Lucius Clapp Memorial is a historic memorial at 6 Park Street in Stoughton Massachusetts.The memorial was built in 1903 and added to the National Historic Register in 1992.
 The Educated Mind: How Cognitive Tools Shape Our Understanding is a 1997 book on educational theory by Kieran Egan.
 Lac d'Aiguebelette is a natural lake in the Savoie department of France.
 Benjamin Harrison (August 20 1833 – March 13 1901) was the 23rd President of the United States (1889–1893); he was the grandson of the ninth President William Henry Harrison. Harrison had become a prominent local attorney Presbyterian church leader and politician in Indianapolis Indiana. During the American Civil War he served the Union for most of the war as a colonel and on February 14 1865 was confirmed by the U.S.
 Occasional Coarse Language is a 1998 Australian romantic comedy film about a young woman who loses her boyfriend and job in the same day and tries to get her life back on track.
 Akaki Asatiani (Georgian: აკაკი ასათიანი; born 22 October 1953) is a Georgian politician and a former Chairman of the Supreme Council of Georgia.Before entering politics he worked as lecturer translator editor in the Georgian information agency Gruzinform. In 1989 he was one of the founders of the Monarchist party of Georgia and after its split founded and led the Union of Georgian Traditionalists that later entered the pro-independent bloc Round table – Free Georgia.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād and Daulatābād; also known as Dowlat Abad Mo”men Abad) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 578 in 124 families.
 Wścieklice [fɕt͡ɕɛˈklit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kolno and 83 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 147.
 Den of Lions (Hungarian title: Oroszlánbarlang) is a 2003 American-Hungarian film directed by James Bruce. It is a violent direct-to-video B movie starring relatively famous actors.
 America's Most Luved Bad Guy is a compilation of Master P tracks released exclusively for digital purchase through online digital retailers such as iTunes and Amazon in April 2006. The 12-track set includes 6 brand new tracks the first 6 on the record 5 of which feature the Colonel Master P. Tracks 7-12 were pulled from previous Master P releases The Ghetto Bill Vol. 1: The Best Hustler in the Game and Living Legend: Certified D-Boy both of which hit stores a year earlier in 2005.
 Taken is a crime novel by the American writer Kathleen George set in 1990s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of a baby taken in broad daylight downtown Pittsburgh. Protagonist Marina Benedict gets involved and detective Richard Christie takes on the task of finding the missing child of a rookie pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
 Ashlawn also called the Joshua Perkins House is a two-story central-hall frame farmhouse dating from the 18th century in Sprague Connecticut. The house's namesake is its first owner Joshua Perkins a farmer and son of the prominent Captain Matthew Perkins a farmer and founding member of the Hanover Society. Ashlawn's main house has a five-bay front facade with pilasters supporting broken-base pediments. The inside has well-documented woodwork for its moldings and wainscotting.
 Hisham al-Hayali (died 18 August 2012) was governor of Iraq's Diyala Province from March to August 2012 when he was killed in a car crash. His wife former MP Tayseer al-Mashhadani died in the same crash. Their funeral was conducted on August 19 2012 at 10:00 a.m
 Chojnowo [xɔi̯ˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Szczuczyn 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Grajewo and 81 km (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Rosy Pipit (Anthus roseatus) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family.It is found in Afghanistan Bangladesh Bhutan China India South Korea Myanmar Nepal Pakistan Thailand and Vietnam.
 Silmaril (foaled March 31 2001 in Maryland is an American thoroughbred mare racehorse. She is sired by stakes winner Diamond who in turn was sired by leading North American sire Mr. Prospector. She was out of the mare Kattebuck whose sire was the 1985 United States Horse of the Year Spend A Buck.Silmaril raced a total of 36 times mostly in Maryland. She won sixteen races eleven of them stakes races.
 Thor: Tales of Asgard is a 2011 American direct-to-video animated film based on the Marvel Comics character Thor. It is eighth in a series of animated films produced by Marvel Animation and distributed by Lionsgate Entertainment.
 Pottsville Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Pottsville Schuylkill County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1913 and is a brick T-plan building consists of a two-story administration building with a 1 1/2-story rear drill hall with an arched roof. It is executed in a combined Romanesque Revival / Late Gothic Revival style. The front elevation features a three-story central tower.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Ain Dara (Arabic: عين دارة‎ also spelled Ayn Darah) is a small village in northern Syria administratively part of the Afrin District of the Aleppo Governorate located northwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Afrin to the north Karzahayel to the east and Bassouta to the south. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Ain Dara had a population of 248 in the 2004 census.The modern-day settlement of Ain Dara is situated just east of the ancient Ain Dara temple.
 The Hadâmbu Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Hadâmbu) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery located in Schitu Hadâmbului Iaşi County Romania.Located 30 km (19 mi) southwest of the city of Iaşi the monastery dedicated in 1659 was built by the Greek cellarer Iani Hadâmbul on a place donated to him by Prince Gheorghe Ghica. Left in ruin for many years the monastery was reopened in 1990.The monastery is listed in the National Register of Historic Monuments.
 The James Weldon House is an unaltered example of Gothic vernacular architecture.
 Ero cambridgei is a pirate spider species with Palearctic distribution. It is notably found in Lithuania.
 Łęgowo [wɛnˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Pruszcz Gdański and 16 km (10 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2850.
 Target for Today is a film containing United States Army Air Forces combat footage of B-17 and B-24 bombers and named for the phrase used at briefings before air raids. The October 1943 footage was filmed during Eighth Air Force attacks on Nazi Germany industrial targets in Anklam Marienburg (on the 9th) and Gdynia in occupied Poland. Prior to the combat footage the documentary explains Operation Pointblank target selection and depicts planning briefing and preparation.
 A Star Called Henry (1999) is a novel by Irish writer Roddy Doyle. It is Vol. 1 of The Last Roundup series. The second installment of the series Oh Play That Thing was published in 2004.
 Glendower now known as Glendower State Memorial or Glendower Mansion is an historic Greek Revival style house located at 105 Cincinnati Avenue U.S. Route 42 Cincinnati Avenue in Lebanon Ohio. It was built in the 1836 by Amos Bennett for John Milton Williams a Lebanon merchant and named for Owen Glendower. It has been called one of the finest examples of the Greek Revival architecture in the Middle West.On November 10 1970 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Hallo-Wiener is a children's book by Dav Pilkey. The story's main character is Oscar the Dachshund named after Oscar Mayer. It was published in 1995.
 Kwaheri also known as Kwaheri: Vanishing Africa or Kwaheri: The Forbidden is a 1964 mondo film directed by David Chudnow and Thor Brooks. The film was a pseudo-documentary about vanishing native tribes in Africa. Kwaheri means Goodbye in Swahili.As the film focused more on the controversial aspects of the tribal societies it gained the attention of exploitation filmmakers including Kroger Babb whose Hallmark Productions distribution company acquired the American rights.
 Magnoptera is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Magnoptera watsoni which is found in Chile.
 Oxyeleotris fimbriata the Fimbriate gudgeon is a species of sleeper goby native to the fresh waters of New Guinea and Australia. This species can reach a length of 18 centimetres (7.1 in) SL though most do not exceed 10 centimetres (3.9 in) SL.
 Orthocomotis grandisocia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Carchi Province Sucumbios Province).
 The International Journal of Robotics Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research in the field of robotics on topics from sensors and sensory interpretations to kinematics in motion planning. The journal's editor-in-chief is John M. Hollerbach (University of Utah). It was established in 1982 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 Bad Boy is a one-shot comic book by Frank Miller and Simon Bisley and published by Oni Press.
 St Mary's Church is a 14th-century parish church dedicated to St Mary the Virgin in Ticehurst East Sussex England. Part of the Diocese of Chichester the church has grade II* listed building status.
 Genocidal Organ (虐殺器官 Gyakusatsu Kikan) is the debut novel of the 21st-century Japanese science fiction writer Project Itoh. It was first published by Hayakawa Publishing in 2007 and later re-printed in 2010 in paperback form. A poll by the yearly SF magazine SF ga yomitai ranked Genocidal Organ as the number one domestic SF novel of the decade.English translation Genocidal Organ translated by Edwin Hawkes was published in August 2012 by Haikasoru / Viz Media.
 Pain of Love (Danish: Kærlighedens Smerte) (1992) is a Danish dramatic tragedy written and directed by Nils Malmros. It stars Anne Louise Hassing and Søren Østergaard in a beautiful but bitter story about a young college student whose small setbacks in school and relationships lead her toward an inexorable descent into suicidal depression.
 Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola is a 2013 Bollywood political satire film produced by Vishal Bharadwaj along with Fox Star Studios. Besides co-producing Bharadwaj has also directed co-scripted and scored the music for the film. The film stars Pankaj Kapur Imran Khan and Anushka Sharma in the titular roles while Arya Babbar and Shabana Azmi play supporting roles. The film was released worldwide on 11 January 2013.
 The Strangers is the title of a comic book series created and written by Steve Englehart. It was originally drawn by Rick Hoberg for Malibu Comics’ Ultraverse imprint.The Strangers consisted of a group of random passengers on a cable car who were struck by what they believed to be a bolt of lightning but was actually a jumpstart: one of the bursts of energy emitted by the Entity from the Moon which transformed them into Ultras.
 Wassersportsee Zülpich is a lake in Westdeutschland North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of 154 m its surface area is 85 ha.
 The Calling All Crows EP was released by reggae-rock band State Radio on August 11 2009 as a preview for the upcoming album Let It Go which was released September 29 2009. It features three finished songs from Let It Go and was released exclusively on Apple's iTunes Store as a showcase of that material.
 Praegmelina is an extinct genus of crustacean in the order Amphipoda. It existed during the middle Miocene period.
 Moro no Brasil is a 2002 documentary film.
 The Gonțu River is a tributary of the Bolovăniş River in Romania.
 The Alphabet Killer is a 2008 thriller-horror film loosely based on the Alphabet murders that took place in Rochester New York between 1971 and 1973. Eliza Dushku stars as the main character alongside Cary Elwes Michael Ironside Bill Moseley and Timothy Hutton. The film is directed by Rob Schmidt director of Wrong Turn also starring Dushku and written by Tom Malloy who also acted in a supporting role.
 The Journal of Infection Prevention is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of infectious diseases. The editor-in-chief is Neil Wigglesworth (Public Health Wales). It was established in 2000 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the Infection Prevention Society.
 Große Röder is a river of Saxony and Brandenburg eastern Germany. It is a left tributary of the river Schwarze Elster. It rises near Arnsdorf about 20 km east of Dresden. It flows in a generally northwestern direction through the towns Radeberg Radeburg and Großenhain. It joins the Schwarze Elster in the village Haida west of Elsterwerda.
 The Best Science Fiction of the Year #7 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the seventh volume in a series of sixteen.
 Fusceulima sordida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Damias biagi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Newsbreak is an online news and current affairs magazine published in the Philippines. It began publication as a weekly paper magazine on January 24 2001 and converted to its current format in 2006. Newsbreak is now part of the Rappler service.Newsbreak has published stories covering various issues that concern Congress the presidency security sector judiciary the media local governments elections business and the economy.
 Hey Boy! Hey Girl! is a 1959 film directed by David Lowell Rich. It stars Louis Prima and Keely Smith.
 Abdarlu (Persian: ابدارلو‎ also Romanized as Ābdārlū) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Valea Ploștilelor River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mic in Romania.
 The Federal Prison Camp Montgomery (FPC Montgomery) is a minimum-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Alabama. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. FPC Montgomery is located on the grounds of Maxwell Air Force Base approximately 90 miles from Birmingham Alabama.
 See also Little Black River (French: Rivière Noire) another river in Quebec and Maine. (47°24′47″N 69°31′01″W)The Big Black River (French: Grande Rivière Noire) is a river in Maine and Quebec.
 The Courier is a Russian-language daily newspaper that was founded in 1991 by Israel Libo Feigin. The daily paper is run from Tel Aviv. It has maintained an active presence on the Internet since 1998.
 The Little Marais River is a river of Minnesota.
 Labeo brachypoma is fish in genus Labeo.
 Pseudonoorda is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Avachinsky (also known as Avacha or Avacha Volcano or Avachinskaya Sopka) (Russian: Авачинская сопка Авача) is an active stratovolcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in the far east of Russia. It lies within sight of the capital of Kamchatka Krai Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky.
 The Twisp River is a tributary of the Methow River in the U.S. state of Washington. It is about 26 miles (42 km) long.The name of the river is derived from a local Indian word meaning wasp or yellowjacket.
 The Rötspitze (Italian: Pizzo Rosso; German: Rötspitze) is a mountain in the Hohe Tauern on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Thomas Lynch Raymond Jr. (April 26 1875–October 4 1928) served two non-consecutive terms as Mayor of Newark New Jersey from 1915 to 1917 and again from 1925 to 1928.
 Little Dragoon Mountains are included in the Douglas Ranger District of Coronado National Forest in Cochise County Arizona.The summit of the range is the center peak of the three Mae West Peaks32°06′00″N 110°07′20″W 6 miles northwest of Dragoon Arizona at 6588 feet(2008m).
 The William H. Yawkey Boathouse is located in Hazelhurst Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Shooter is a 1997 western film starring Michael Dudikoff and directed by Fred Olen Ray (credited as Ed Raymond).
 Eupithecia obtinens is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Afghanistan and Iran.
 The Tour des Canadiens is a condominium skyscraper complex under construction in Montreal Quebec Canada. It will be located next to the Bell Centre in downtown Montreal at Avenue des Canadiens-de-Montréal and Mountain Street and is named for the Montreal Canadiens hockey team which is a part-owner of the project.The tower will consist of 552 condos with thirteen floors of parking and a large sports bar on the ground floor.
 Big Falls is a village in Waupaca County Wisconsin United States. The population was 61 at the 2010 census.
 Ain't Nothin But a Party is an album by The Gap Band released in 1995 on Raging Bull Records.
 The Bartlett Museum is a nonprofit museum located at 270 Main Street Amesbury Massachusetts. The museum was formed in 1968 as part of the celebrations for the 300th anniversary of the founding of the Town of Amesbury.The building was originally the Bartlett School from 1870 until it was closed in 1968. As of 2009 the museum's exhibits included: Local history - Amesbury's former carriage industry old maps and mementos of local history.
 Yue Hwa Building (Chinese: 裕华大厦; pinyin: Yùhuá dàshà) is a historic building located at the corner of the junction of Eu Tong Sen Street and Upper Cross Street in Chinatown of Outram Singapore. Originally known as Nam Tin Building (南天大厦) and the site of the Great Southern Hotel it currently houses the Yue Hwa Chinese Products department store.
 Classical and Quantum Gravity is a peer-reviewed journal that covers all aspects of gravitational physics and the theory of spacetime. Its scope includesClassical general relativity Applications of relativity Experimental gravitation Cosmology and the early universe Quantum gravity Supergravity superstrings and supersymmetry Mathematical physics relevant to gravitationThe editor-in-chief is Clifford M Will at the Washington University in St.
 Conversation with a Devil is the eleventh album released by rapper Andre Nickatina. It was released on April 22 2003 for Fillmoe Coleman Records and was produced by Andre Nickatina Nick Peace Krushadelic and Smoov-E. Packaged with the album was a movie also entitled Conversation with a Devil. Conversation with a Devil peaked at #3 on the Billboard's Top Heatseekers chart and was named one of the top coke rap albums ever by Rhapsody (online music service).
 Poola Rangadu is a Telugu comedy film directed by Veerabhadram starring Sunil and Isha Chawla in lead roles. Atchi Reddy has produced the film under Max India banner. Anoop Rubens has scored the music and Prasad Murella has done the camera work. The film is being presented on R.R.Movie Makers banner. .
 Secrets of the Clans was the first field guide in the Warriors novel series meant to be used as a guide to the world of Warriors.
 The Anarchical Society: A Study of Order in World Politics is a 1977 book by Hedley Bull and a founding text of the so-called English School of international relations theory. The title refers to the assumption of anarchy in the international system (posited primarily by realists) and argues for the existence of an international society.The book also outlines Bull's theory of new medievalism.
 The Folsom Flint and Other Curious Tales is a collection of stories by author David H. Keller. It was released in 1969 by Arkham House in an edition of 2031 copies. It was the author's second book to be published by Arkham House.
 Mr. Sammler's Planet is a 1970 novel by the American author Saul Bellow. It won the National Book Award for Fiction in 1971.
 Scener was released on 25 October 1985 and is a studio album from Swedish pop artist Per Gessle. The album peaked at #39 on the Swedish albums chart.
 Semra Sezer (née Kürümoğlu) (born August 17 1944) is a school teacher by profession and was the First Lady of Turkey from May 16 2000 until August 28 2007 during the presidency of her husband Ahmet Necdet Sezer.She was born on August 17 1944 in Yenimahalle Ankara to the family of a bank officer Kemal Kürümoğlu.
 Lieutenant-General Sir Percy Egerton Herbert KCB PC (15 April 1822 – 7 October 1876) was a British Army officer and Conservative politician.
 Lime Mountain is a promontory one the eastern slopes of Castle Dome a 5308-foot (1618 m) mountain east of Scottsdale in the Superstition Wilderness and the Tonto National Forest.
 Tarur-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. It forms a part of Tarur gram panchayat together with Tarur-II.
 Conan and the Mists of Doom is a fantasy novel written by Roland Green featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in August 1995.
 April Maze is a 1930 short animated cartoon featuring Felix the Cat.It was produced by Pat Sullivan.
 Baby Take a Bow is a 1934 American comedy drama film directed by Harry Lachman. The screenplay by Philip Klein and Edward E. Paramore Jr. is based on the play Square Crooks by James P. Judge. Shirley Temple plays the child of an ex-convict (James Dunn) trying to make a better life for himself and his family. The film was a commercial success and is critically regarded as pleasant and sentimental. A musical number features Dunn and Temple.
 Equilibrium is the second album of the Canadian guitarist Erik Mongrain.
 Pseudeuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 The Saint Lucia lancehead or Saint Lucia pit viper (Bothrops caribbaeus) is a species of venomous snake which is endemic to the West Indies.
 The Third World War Book is a study of the global events that traces the origins of the First World War and Second World War and examines the cascading effect these wars are likely to have that will unravel in the times to come in the form of a Third World War.It is an attempt of the author to acquaint ordinary people with the rapidly changing global situation and how as ordinary citizens one should protect oneself from the eventuality and consequences of the war.
 Syntomeida vulcana is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1889. It is found in Mexico.
 Salt Springs Reservoir is a reservoir in the eastern portions of Amador County and Calaveras County of California in the Sierra Nevada about 30 miles (48 km) east-northeast of Jackson. The reservoir is in the El Dorado National Forest at an elevation of 3900 feet (1200 m). The 141900 acre foot (175000000 m3) reservoir is formed by Salt Springs Dam on the North Fork of the Mokelumne River. The concrete-faced rock-fill dam is 332 feet (101 m) tall and was completed in 1931.
 Phineas Redux is a novel by Anthony Trollope first published in 1873 as a serial in The Graphic. It is the fourth of the Palliser series of novels and the sequel to the second book of the series Phineas Finn.
 Camouflage is a studio album released by Rod Stewart on June 18 1984 (see 1984 in music). It was Stewart’s 13th studio album and was released on Warner Bros. Records (WEA 925 095-1). Three singles came from this album. They were “Infatuation” “Some Guys Have All the Luck” and a cover of the Free hit “All Right Now”.
 Hajji Hemmatlu (Persian: حاجي همتلو‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Hemmatlū) is a village in Kandovan Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 49 families.
 The Amazonian red-sided opossum Monodelphis glirina is a South American opossum species of the family Didelphidae formerly viewed as part of M. brevicaudata. It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru where it inhabits the Amazon rainforest. It is omnivorous nocturnal and primarily nonarboreal.
 Joseph-William Gagnon (February 15 1879 – December 17 1929) was a politician in the Quebec Canada. He served as Member of the Legislative Assembly.
 Takers and Leavers is an EP by Dr. Dog. It was released a year before their LP We All Belong which re-released Ain't It Strange and Die Die Die.The first 1000 copies had custom covers which featured various images and assortments of random art. The standard EP was produced later that month.
 Clathurella pulicaris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Tom White (born October 26 1956) was a member of the Nebraska Legislature from Omaha Nebraska. He represented the 8th District which consists of the Benson and Dundee neighborhoods in Omaha. It is widely speculated Mr. White may run for mayor of Omaha in the wake of Mayor Jim Suttle's recall.Born in Columbus Nebraska he received his B.A. in philosophy and history from Regis University in 1979.
 The Hawaiian Sphinx (Hyles calida) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai and Hawaii. The larvae feed on Acacia koa Bobea elatior Coprosma Gardenia Metrosideros Pelea Scaevola chamissoniana Scaevola gaudichaudiana and Straussia. Adults feed on flowers of Lantana Metrosideros and others. Larvae are about 60 mm long.
 Kurian-e Gowra (Persian: كوريان گورا‎ also Romanized as Kūrīān-e Gowrā; also known as Gūrān-e Gowrā Gūrīān-e Gorā Gūrīān-e Gowrā Gūrīān-e Gowreh Gūrīān Gora Gūrīyan-e Gūrā and Kūreyān Gowreh) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 21 families.
 Torkabad (Persian: تركاباد‎ also Romanized as Torkābād) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 415 in 90 families.
 Modestus Dickson Kilufi (born 11 March 1959) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Mbarali constituency since 2010.
 Briksdalsbreen (English: the Briksdal glacier) is one of the most accessible and best known arms of the Jostedalsbreen glacier. Briksdalsbreen is located in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The glacier lies on the north side of the Jostedalsbreen in Briksdalen (the Briks valley) which is located at the end of the Oldedalen valley about 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of the village of Olden. It is located inside Jostedalsbreen National Park.
 Fasbender Clinic is a building in Hastings Minnesota USA designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is just off Minnesota State Highway 55 at 801 Pine Street. It has a distinctive copper roof which extends almost to the ground around much of the exterior.
 Special Delivery is a science fiction short story written by Damon Knight. It first appeared in the April 1954 issue of Galaxy Science Fiction and has been reprinted a number of times in Operation Future (1955) Far Out (1961) and The Best of Damon Knight (1976).
 Five Dolls for an August Moon (Italian: 5 bambole per la luna d'agosto) is a 1970 Italian giallo film directed by Mario Bava. It concerns a group of people who have gathered on a remote island for fun and relaxation. One of the guests is a chemist who has created a revolutionary new chemical process and several of the attending industrialists are eager to buy it from him. Business problems become a moot point however when someone begins killing off the attendees one-by-one.
 Elsie Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island located south east of Comox Lake.
 The Tenth Power is the third book in the Chanters of Tremaris trilogy by Kate Constable.
 Helcogramma novaecaledoniae known commonly as the New Caledonian triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma. It was described by Fricke in 1994.
 District School No. 3 is a historic one-room school building located at Castleton-on-Hudson in Rensselaer County New York. It was built in 1870 and is a one story rectangular massed brick building in the Italianate style. It remained in use as a school until 1951. Also on the property is a gable roofed garage (1931) a coal / wood shed and a stone capped well.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Motor City Resurrection is a compilation album by The 69 Eyes released in 1994. It's a compilation of the band's early 7 singles and EPs. It even features a cover of Gimme Some Head originally by the cult shock rocker GG Allin and MC5's Wayne Kramer. In 2007 the album was re-released on Cleopatra Records for distribution within the US. The re-released version includes additional cover songs and two original songs from previous singles EPs and tribute albums.
 Ralph Waldo Emerson House also known as Emerson Hall is a dormitory in Amherst Massachusetts named for the late poet Ralph Waldo Emerson. It is part of the Southwest Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. The building is designed in the Modernist architecture style.
 The Andrew McNally House in Altadena California was the home of Andrew McNally(1838-1904) co-founder and president of the Rand McNally publishing company. The Queen Anne Style house is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. McNally was an Irish immigrant who worked as a printer. When he came to the United States he first worked for the Chicago Tribune when he met William Rand. Together they formed the company that bears their names.
 Lightning is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz released in 1988. A 2003 reprinting includes a new afterword by the author discussing editorial politics.
 Bembicium discoideum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Killer Wave is a 2007 joint American-Canadian action-thriller TV mini-series directed by Canadian filmmaker Bruce McDonald and written by Tedi Sarafian George Malko William Gray.
 Shane Martin (born December 31 1971 in Spartanburg) is a member of the South Carolina Senate where he had represented Spartanburg's 13th District since 2008. He is a member of the Republican Party.
 Çayören is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 274 people.
 Chrośla [ˈxrɔɕla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębe Wielkie within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Dębe Wielkie 7 km (4 mi) west of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 33 km (21 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Paraona interjecta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Lesotho South Africa and Zimbabwe.
 Pop! is a children's novel in the Aussie Bites collection written by Australian author Margaret Clark and illustrated by Terry Denton. The book was released in Australia on 30 September 1999.It is the first in a three-part Margaret Clark Aussie Bites series containing Snap! Crackle! and Pop! in reference to the well known Kellogg's Rice Bubbles slogan.
 Wysokie [vɨˈsɔkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kalinowo 15 km (9 mi) east of Ełk and 137 km (85 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Conus pauperculus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Aaghat is a 2010 Marathi film directed by veteran movie and stage actor Vikram Gokhale. Produced by Sprint Arts Creations Pvt. Ltd. and producers Mohan Damle Sanjay Sathaye and Shriram Dandekar the film is based on a story written by Dr Nitin Lavangare. The cast of the film includes actors Vikram Gokhale Mukta Barve Kadambari Kadam and Dr Amol Kolhe.
 The Louis Bolduc House also known as Maison Bolduc is an example of poteaux sur solle (posts-on-sill) construction and is located in Ste. Geneviève Missouri. This was the first European settlement in the present-day state. The first historic structure in Ste. Genevieve to be authentically restored the house is a prime example of the traditional French Colonial architecture of the early 18th century in North America and was designated in 1970 as a National Historic Landmark.
 The Raging Tide is a 1951 American crime film noir directed by George Sherman and written by Ernest K. Gann based on his novel Fiddler's Green. The drama features Shelley Winters Richard Conte among others.
 Scranton Gillette Communications Inc. is a business-to-business communications company founded in 1905. Originally the company was established to serve the transportation construction industry and the publication Roads & Bridges started in 1906 continues to be published today. Currently 20 regular publications are produced by Scranton Gillette. These cover building and construction healthcare horticulture the water industry infrastructure (e.g.
 Globodera pallida is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Mayang Sari Beach Resort is a hotel and resort on the northwestern coast of Bintan Indonesia approximately 50 minutes by high-speed ferry from Singapore. It is noted for its traditional Riau Islands beach chalets along the beach. The resort has 50 chalets organized in blocks of 4.The hotel restaurant and bar overlooks the beach.
 Life Goes On is the sixth studio album by the Canadian country music singer Terri Clark. It was released in 2005 as her final album for Mercury Records. It produced three singles in She Didn't Have Time Damn Right and Slow News Day. After this album's release she left Mercury Records.The album was originally to be called Honky Tonk Songs with the first single being The World Needs a Drink.
 Crossed Tracks (French: Roman de gare) is a 2007 French film directed by Claude Lelouch (who appears in credits as Hervé Picard). The film follows a novelist her ghost writer and a wayward young woman as a chance encounter at a rest stop interrupts the delicate balance of their lives. French actor Dominique Pinon received wide praise for his rare turn as the film's leading man.
 Hadronyche modesta the Victorian funnel-web spider is found in Victoria.
 Fort Snelling originally known as Fort Saint Anthony was a military fortification located at the confluence of the Minnesota River and Mississippi River in Hennepin County Minnesota. Mississippi National River and Recreation Area a National Park Service unit includes historic Fort Snelling.Fort Snelling also refers to an unorganized territory in Hennepin County Minnesota containing the former fortification.
 The Hasselbrack at 116.2 m above NN is the highest point in the state of Hamburg Germany.It is located on the southern border of the city state with Lower Saxony in the Black Hills (Schwarze Berge) a northern outlier of the Harburg Hills in the quarter of Neugraben-Fischbek.
 Crashout is a 1955 black-and-white film noir directed by Lewis R. Foster. The film features William Bendix Arthur Kennedy Luther Adler and William Talman.
 The St. John's German Evangelical Lutheran Church near Lyons Nebraska was built in 1902. Also known as Deutsche Ev. Luth. St. Johannes Kirche it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The listing included two contributing buildings and a contributing site.
 Khanicheh (Persian: خانيچه‎ also Romanized as Khānīcheh) is a village in Jam Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 The James Semple House is a historic home within what is now known as Colonial Williamsburg in Williamsburg Virginia. Its design is attributed to Thomas Jefferson and it was built in 1770.Future U.S. president John Tyler a relative of the Semples resided here while attending school.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
 Paradinomai: I Megaliteres Epitihies (I surrender) is the first greatest hits album by Greek artist Elli Kokkinou released in November 2003 by Sony Music Greece.
 The Sun Sets at Dawn is a 1951 American film directed by Paul Sloane and featuring Sally Parr Patrick Waltz and Philip Shawn.
 Álvaro Martins also known as Álvaro Martins Homem was a 15th-century Portuguese alleged to have explored the western Atlantic and later the African coast.
 Jonathan Saxton Campbell Würtele (January 27 1828 – April 24 1904) was a Quebec seigneur lawyer judge and political figure. He represented Yamaska in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1875 to 1886.
 Neduvasal is a village in Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Meet the Family is Frenzal Rhomb's third studio album. It was released in September 1997. The album was the first with Lindsay McDougall on guitar and the last with Nat Nykruj on drums.During their Australian release tour in 1998 Mark Lawson from Running On Empty appeared as a guest vocalist and guitarist on There's Your Dad.
 Pheidole janzeni is a species of ant discovered and described by Longino J. T. in 2009.
 The 100 Best Australian Albums (aka One Hundred Best Australian Albums) is a compendium of rock and pop albums of the past 50 years as compiled by music journalists Toby Creswell Craig Mathieson and John O'Donnell. The book was published on 25 October 2010 by Hardie Grant Books (Prahran Victoria). Sony Music has released a five CD compilation to support the book.According to O'Donnell It wouldn't be a good list if it didn't polarise people and we hope that this list will.
 Sri Krishna 2006 (Telugu: శ్రీ క్రిష్ణ 2006) is a 2006 Telugu film directed by Vijayendra Prasad and produced by D. Ramanaidu. The film stars Srikanth Venu Thottempudi Ramya Krishna and Gowri Munjal in the lead roles.
 Eisteinhovde is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 John Paul Stevens (born April 20 1920) is a retired associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States who served from December 19 1975 until his retirement on June 29 2010. At the time of his retirement he was the oldest Justice then serving the second-oldest serving Justice in the history of the Court and the third longest-serving Justice in history. He was nominated by President Gerald Ford to replace the Court's longest-serving justice William O. Douglas.
 Meydan Tower is an approved skyscraper to be built as a center piece of Dubai Meydan City in Dubai United Arab Emirates.It will have 75 floors for various purposes.
 The Baltimore Afro-American commonly known as The Afro is a weekly newspaper published in Baltimore Maryland USA. It is the flagship newspaper of the Afro-American chain and the longest-running African-American family-owned newspaper in the United States.
 Kuźnica Błońska [kuʑˈnit͡sa ˈbwɔɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klonowa within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Klonowa 29 km (18 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 82 km (51 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dumb Loud Hollow Twang is The Bambi Molesters' debut full-length album it was recorded in March 1997. The band wasn't satisfied with the recording quality and the album was re-recorded in hi-fi sound quality in September 2003 for the Dumb Loud Hollow Twang Deluxe remake-album.
 Askrova Chapel (Norwegian: Askrova bedehuskapell) is a chapel/community centre in Flora Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the small village of Espeset on the west side of the island of Askrova. The chapel is part of the Bru parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white church was built in 1957 and it seats about 120 people. The building was consecrated by Bishop Ragnvald Indrebø on 14 April 1957.
 Adjadja is a village in the commune of Ain Beida in Sidi Khouiled District Ouargla Province Algeria. The village is located 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) northwest of Ain Beida and 5.5 kilometres (3.4 mi) east of the provincial capital Ouargla.
 Classic Masters is a compilation album of songs by rock group Crowded House released in 2003.This album was only released to the American market and focuses more on songs that were popular in America than the songs on the international release Recurring Dream: The Very Best of Crowded House.
 The Pupil is a short story by Henry James first published in Longman's Magazine in 1891. It is the emotional story of a precocious young boy growing up in a mendacious and dishonorable family. He befriends his tutor who is the only adult in his life that he can trust. James presents their relationship with sympathy and insight and the story reaches what some would consider the status of classical tragedy.
 The Prospect House is a historic former hotel and tavern at 11 Hammond Street in Waltham Massachusetts. Built in 1839 this temple-front Greek Revival structure was originally a hotel and tavern and is one of only a few surviving 19th century hotel buildings in the city. Now an apartment house the building has four two-story fluted Doric columns supporting a pedimented gable with a second-story porch behind the columns.
 Lamnidae is a family of sharks commonly known as mackerel sharks or white sharks. They are large fast-swimming sharks found in oceans worldwide.These sharks have pointed snouts spindle-shaped bodies and large gill openings. The first dorsal fin is large high stiff and angular or somewhat rounded. The second dorsal and anal fins are minute. The caudal peduncle has a couple or less distinct keels. The teeth are gigantic.
 Atypus muralis is a mygalomorph spider from Central Europe to Turkmenistan. It is very similar to Atypus piceus but the posterior spinnerets consist of four instead of three segments. They also build tubes that can be up to one meter deep. Females grow to around 12mm while males grow to 9mm.
 Ljosåbelgen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Best of C-Bo is the first greatest hits compilation released by American rapper C-Bo. It was released November 21 1995 on AWOL Records and features songs from C-Bo's first three albums guest performances from other AWOL Records releases as well as rare and unreleased songs. The album features production by DJ Daryl Mike Mosley and Sam Bostic. It peaked at number 35 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 One More Saturday Night is a 1986 comedy film written by Al Franken and Tom Davis and directed by Dennis Klein.
 The Whale is a dramatic cantata written by the English composer John Tavener in 1966.
 Bullet (stylized as BULLET) is a 2014 action thriller film starring Danny Trejo as the title character and Jonathan Banks as the villain. The film was directed and co-written by Nick Lyon with additional writing by Matthew Joynes Ron Peer and Byron Lester and was produced by Matthew Joynes and Robert Rodriguez. It follows an undercover police officer-turned-vigilante (Trejo) tracking down the crooks who kidnapped his grandson. Filming took place in Los Angeles United States.
 James Graves Scrugham (January 19 1880 – June 23 1945) was an American politician. He was a Representative a Senator and the 14th Governor of the U.S. state of Nevada. He was a member of the Democratic Party.
 The Torture of Silence (French: Mater dolorosa) is a 1917 silent French drama film directed by Abel Gance.
 White Sugar is the debut album of British Blues Artist Joanne Shaw Taylor. It was released in 2009 on Ruf Records.
 Danuria is a genus of praying mantis in the family Mantidae.
 The Marrow of a Bone (stylized THE MARROW OF A BONE) is the sixth studio album by Japanese metal band Dir En Grey released on February 7 2007 in Japan and in the United States (20 February) Germany (2 March) France (6 March) and the United Kingdom (7 May) in the following months. In total the album was released in eleven countries. The band was touring North America at the time of the album's release in both Japan and the United States.
 Patrick R. Donahoe is the 73rd United States Postmaster General having been appointed to the post on October 25 2010. A 35 year veteran of the Postal Service he reports to the Postal Service Board of Governors. Prior to being Postmaster Donahoe served as the 19th deputy postmaster general. He entered the Postal Service as a clerk in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. In addition to graduating from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology he got his letter of recommendation from Adam King.
 Kamnitsa is a village in Orava Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Abad (Persian: اباد‎ also Romanized as Ābād) is a village in Ahram Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3197 in 737 families.
 The Mary W. Adams House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home that was constructed in Highland Park Illinois in 1905. The Adams House is a plaster-surfaced wood-frame house built for Wright's oldest client.
 What the World Needs Now: The Songs of Burt Bacharach is an album by McCoy Tyner released on the Impulse! label in 1997. It was recorded in March 1996 and features performances of Burt Bacharach's compositions by Tyner with Christian McBride Lewis Nash a string section and orchestra. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states that The pianist treats each melody as if it were precious and the overall results are rather schlocky.
 Deep Cut is a play to date performed by Cardiff theatre company Sherman Cymru and written by Philip Ralph. It premiered at the Edinburgh Festival in 2008 and won the Amnesty International Freedom of Expression Award in the same year as well as best Actor (Ciaran McIntyre) and Best Actress (Rhian Blythe) awards with The Stage's Stage Awards for Acting Excellence.
 The Dubai World Trade Centre Residence is a 38-floor tower in the Dubai International Convention Centre in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Opened in 2008 World Trade Centre Residence is managed by Jumeirah Living. Jumeirah Living offers a mix of one to four bedroom serviced apartments within the residence for short mid-term and extended stays. The tower has a total structural height of 158 m (518 ft).
 Wojtówce [vɔi̯ˈtuft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Knyszyn within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 78 Tage auf der Straße des Hasses (78 Days on the Street of Hate) is a German comic in manga style written and illustrated by David Füleki and first published by Delfinium Prints in 2008.
 AU (formerly Alternative Ulster) was a magazine written designed and published in Belfast Northern Ireland. Although predominantly a music magazine AU covered other aspects of popular culture such as movies comics games and the arts. The magazine was launched in June 2003. 81 issues were published in total with the final issue being published in March 2012.
 The Vagenda is a feminist online magazine launched in January 2012. It uses the tagline Like King Lear but for girls taken from Grazia magazine's summary of the film The Iron Lady starring Meryl Streep. The Vagenda is run by British journalists Holly Baxter and Rhiannon Lucy Cosslett founded by ten London-based women journalists in their twenties and now written by a large group of anonymous contributors from all over the world both women and men.
 The Dr. William and Elizabeth Blackburn House is an historic two-story wooden house located at 219 South Tyler Avenue in Pierre South Dakota. Designed in the Stick or Eastlake style of Queen Anne style architecture it was built in 1885 by local banker and real estate speculator H. O. Fishback. In 1887 it was bought by the Rev. Dr.
 Fadam (Persian: فدم‎) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Live in Nashville TN is a live album by the band King Crimson released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in February 2002.Recorded at 328 Performance Hall Nashville USA November 9–10 2001.↑
 The Old Mill House is an historic property located in LeClaire Iowa. The Greek Revival style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979. The property is part of the Houses of Mississippi River Men Thematic Resource which covers the homes of men from LeClaire who worked on the Mississippi River as riverboat captains pilots builders and owners.
 Digermulen Church (Norwegian: Digermulen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Digermulen on the island of Hinnøya. The church is part of the Svolvær parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white concrete church was built in 1951 in an octagonal style. The church seats about 250 people.
 Kurtzia humboldti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 The Chedi Muscat is a luxury 5-star hotel and restaurant in Al Azaiba in northwest Muscat Oman set on a private beach. The hotel has 158 rooms and fuses together traditional Omani architecture with Zen Arabic Japanese and European influences.
 Crime is a 2008 novel by Scottish writer Irvine Welsh. It is the sequel to his earlier novel Filth.
 Premier Mandat is a 1999 French hip hop album by Diam's. The title is French for first term of office.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic church at 204 W. Main Street in Louisa Kentucky.It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Tysovets (Ukrainian: Тисовець) is an village in Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. It is a famous ski area and resort.
 Amolops larutensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in Malaysia Thailand and possibly Myanmar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is not considered threatened by the IUCN.
 Hauterive Castle (Château d'Hauterive) is a castle located at Argentré at department of Mayenne.
 Loryma basalis is a species of moth in the family Pyralidae. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in Rwanda South Africa Mozambique and the Seychelles.
 The African Journal of International and Comparative Law is published twice yearly by the Edinburgh University Press in March and September. The journal publishes refereed articles in international and comparative law on a pan-African basis. Articles cover public and private international law and each issue includes a section on recent developments relevant to the continent. The majority of articles are in English with articles in French also published.
 Bow Lake is a 1160-acre (470 ha) water body located in Strafford and Rockingham counties in eastern New Hampshire United States in the towns of Strafford and Northwood. Its outlet is the Isinglass River flowing east to the Atlantic Ocean via the Cocheco and Piscataqua rivers.
 Conus scopulicola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Eulima indeflexa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Iolaus nursei is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-western Saudi Arabia and Yemen.
 The Source is a 2002 movie directed by S. Lee Taylor. The story concerns four teenagers who obtain superhuman powers allowing them to control others.It released under the name The Source (The Secret Craft) in the UK. In the U.S. it was released on DVD as The Surge.
 Management Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on all aspects of management related to strategy entrepreneurship innovation information technology and organizations as well as all functional areas of business such as accounting finance marketing and operations. It is published by the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences and was established in 1954 by the Institute's precursor The Institute of Management Sciences.
 The John Brooks House is a historic house at 12 Nelson Place in Worcester Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built in the late 1840s by John Brooks a Princeton native and farmer. The south facade distinctively has three large gables which rise to nearly meet the main ridge line.
 Hellcats of the Navy (1957) is a World War II submarine movie starring Ronald Reagan and his wife billed as Nancy Davis her then professional name. This was the only film in which they appear together. The story of the film is based on the non fiction book Hellcats of the Sea by Vice Admiral Charles A. Lockwood and Hans Christian Adamson.
 Ghulam Haider Wyne Urdu: غلام حیدر وائیں‎ born 1950 in Amritsar Indian Punjab was a well-known politician of Pakistan. His family migrated from India to Pakistan in 1947 after the independence. He was the Leader of the Opposition (Pakistan) and former chief minister of Pakistan's most populous province Punjab.
 Heshmatiyeh (Persian: حشمتيه‎ also Romanized as Ḩeshmatīyeh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 757 in 244 families.
 Church San Carlos Borromeo of Aguadilla in Aguadilla Puerto Rico was built in 1783. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Nissly-Stauffer Tobacco Warehouses are two historic tobacco warehouses located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The Nissly Warehouse was built about 1912 and is a three-story rectangular brick building on a limestone foundation. It is seven bays by six bays. The Stauffer Warehouse was built about 1913 and is a five-story rectangular brick building on a limestone foundation. It is four bays by eight bays.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Two in the Dark is a 1936 mystery film starring Walter Abel Margot Grahame Wallace Ford Gail Patrick and Alan Hale. The movie about an amnesiac suspected of murder was directed by Benjamin Stoloff.In 1945 Stoloff produced a remake Two O'Clock Courage directed by Anthony Mann and starring Tom Conway and Ann Rutherford.
 Anthene arnoldi Arnold’s Hairtail is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Zambia and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of savanna woodland.Adults are on wing in summer. Adults are most commonly encountered in September and October.
 Ecchlorolestes is a genus of large damselflies in the family Synlestidae.The genus contains only two species:Ecchlorolestes nylephtha Barnard 1937 - Queen MalachiteEcchlorolestes peringueyi (Ris 1921) - Marbled Malachite↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1
 The Trent Bridge Inn in Nottingham is an important landmark that is notable as the Trent Bridge Cricket Ground was placed here in a field behind this pub. The ground by the pub was also the first home of the Notts County Football Club. The pub is now operated by Wetherspoons.
 Kutton (Urdu: کٹن ‎) ( Also known as Jagran Valley ) is a village and tourist resort in Neelam Valley Azad Kashmir Pakistan. It is located 82 kilometers (51 mi) from Muzaffarabad and 8 kilometers (5.0 mi) from Kundal Shahi on the bank of Jagran stream.Kutton is accessible by Neelam road from Muzaffarabad branches off from Kundal Shahi. Rest houses of AJK Tourism and Archeology Department and Water and Power Development Authority (WAPDA) are located here.
 Byers Station Historic District is a national historic district located in Upper Uwchlan Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The district includes 26 contributing buildings in the crossroads community of Byers Station. The buildings date to the 19th century and include a number of notable Italianate style buildings. Notable buildings include a variety of residences a factory a Masonic lodge (1894) and the former Byers Hotel (c. 1874).
 Four Days in June is a 2006 historical novel by Iain Gale set during the time of Napoleon Bonaparte's Waterloo Campaign. It explains the campaign from the point of view of some of the ordinary British French and Prussian soldiers on the ground over the four-day battle encompassing Quatre Bras Ligny Waterloo and Wavre.
 Cheshmeh Kabud (Persian: چشمه كبود‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Kabūd) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1589 in 301 families.
 Gimme Shelter is a 1970 documentary film directed by Albert and David Maysles and Charlotte Zwerin chronicling the last weeks of The Rolling Stones' 1969 US tour which culminated in the disastrous Altamont Free Concert. The film is named after Gimme Shelter the lead track from the group's 1969 album Let It Bleed. The film was screened at the 1971 Cannes Film Festival but was not entered into the main competition.
 Mr. Desire (Italian: Il signore desidera?) is a 1934 Italian comedy film directed by Gennaro Righelli and starring Vittorio De Sica.
 Mian Kuh (Persian: ميان كوه‎ also Romanized as Mīān Kūh and Miyān Kūh) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 13 families.
 The Day I Shot Cupid: Hello My Name Is Jennifer Love Hewitt and I'm a Love-aholic (commonly abbreviated to The Day I Shot Cupid) is a bestselling dating-advice book written by Jennifer Love Hewitt. The book tells of Hewitt's personal dating experiences and gives advice to both men and women on dating life and what to look for in a member of the opposite sex.
 Love is Louder is the second studio album and by English musician James Cottriall released on February 24 2012 by Pate Records. The album includes the singles By Your Side Smile and Stand Up. It peaked to number 10 on the Austrian Albums Chart.
 Follow the Saint is a collection of three mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris featuring the criminal and crimefighter Simon Templar alias The Saint. The collection was first published in 1938.Follow the Saint marked a change in the publication order for the Saint books. Up to this point the books were always published first in the United Kingdom followed by an American publication later in the year or sometimes a year later.
 Hemidactylus porbandarensis is a species of gecko found in Gujarat India.
 Acrocercops telestis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Bihar).The larvae feed on Mallotus repandus Trewia species (including Trewia nudiflora) Cinnamomum species Eugenia cumini Eugenia jambolana and Gmelina arborea. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Jedlice [jɛˈdlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 US Post Office-Honeoye Falls is a historic post office building located at Honeoye Falls in Monroe County New York. It was designed and built in 1940 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Friginatica conjuncta is a species of small deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae.
 Catholic Medical Center (CMC) is a 330-bed not-for-profit full-service acute care hospital located in the West Side area of Manchester New Hampshire United States. CMC offers medical-surgical care with more than 26 subspecialties inpatient and outpatient services diagnostic imaging and a 30-bed 24-hour emergency department. Norris Cotton Cancer Center at CMC offers medical oncology and infusion services.
 The Sella Pass (German: Sellajoch; Ladin: Jëuf de Sela or Jouf de Sela; Italian: Passo Sella) (2244 m) is a high mountain pass between the provinces of Trentino and South Tyrol in Italy.It connects the Val Gherdëina in South Tyrol and Canazei in the Fascia Valley in Trentino.With Pordoi Pass Gardena Pass and Campolongo Pass this pass forms a quadrangle around the Sella group. In the winter ski trails are prepared that make the entire round in both directions known as the Sella Ronda.
 A Night in Amsterdam is a CD/DVD live album by American R&B band Chic released in 2006. The album was recorded at Amsterdam's Paradiso on July 17 2005 and features Nile Rodgers and the current formation of the band performing Chic's best known songs as well as tracks from the albums written and produced for Sister Sledge and Diana Ross.The album was re-released as Greatest Hits Live in Concert in 2006.
 Sant Mamet is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1391 metres above sea level.
 Daar Al-Arqam Mosque or commonly known as Masjid Asakusa (Japanese: ダール· ·アルカムアル) is a mosque located in downtown Tokyo that was built in 1998. Asakusa Masjid Mosque is managed by the Japan Mosque Foundation (JMF) which is one of the departments in the institute Islamic Circle of Japan.
 Fontainebleau is a 1956 album by jazz musician Tadd Dameron.
 Fahrenheit's Fantasy World Tour Taipei Special (Chinese: 飛輪海想入飛飛演唱会台北旗艦場) is Taiwanese Mandopop quartet boy band Fahrenheit's (Chinese: 飛輪海) first concert DVD album. It was recorded during the concerts held on 24 and 25 October 2009 at Taipei Arena Taiwan.
 Singin' With Feelin' is a 1967 album by American country singer-songwriter Loretta Lynn.This was Lynn's second studio album of the year. The album spawned one single If You're Not Gone too Long which peaked in the Country Top 10 in 1967. Three Lynn compositions were released from the album Bargain Basement Dress and Slowly Killing Me were self-penned while I'll Sure Come Long a Way Down was co-written with a songwriter.
 The Making of a Moonie: Choice or Brainwashing? is a 1984 book written by British sociologist Eileen Barker Blackwell Publishers Oxford United Kingdom ISBN 0-631-13246-5.The book describes the religious conversion process to the Unification Church whose members are sometimes informally referred to as Moonies.Barker spent close to seven years studying Unification Church members.
 The Bumblebee Hummingbird (Atthis heloisa) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is predominantly found in Mexico but has occurred as a vagrant in the United States (Arizona). At 7 to 7.5 cm (2.8 to 3.0 in) it is the smallest bird known to have occurred in North America north of Mexico. At a weight of 2.2 g (0.078 oz) it is one of the smallest birds known to exist in the world. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Layover EP is the first EP by Dilated Peoples member Evidence released on November 25 2008 by Decon.
 Drut (Belarusian: Друць [drutsʲ]; Russian: Друть [drutʲ]) is a river in Belarus a right tributary of Dnieper. It originates in the Orsha Upland in the Belarusian Ridge and flows through VitebskMogilev and Homiel provinces of Belarus.Cities of Tolochin and Rogachev are located by Drut.The Chihirin Reservoir on the Druts river has an area of 21.1 km².
 16 Little Park Street (also known as Kirby House) is a Georgian townhouse (Grade II* listed) in central Coventry West Midlands England. It is one of two remaining Georgian buildings on the street and three in the city centre (the other two being 7 Little Park Street and 11 Priory Row). The name Kirby House comes from Thomas Hulston Kirby who bought it in 1874.
 Tinthia xanthospila is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is only known from the type-specimen which was collected at Cedar Bay in Queensland.The length of the forewings is about 7 mm for males.
 Acta Chimica Slovenica is a quarterly scientific journal of chemistry. It comprises two parts: The first part contains peer-reviewed scientific and expert articles from the various fields of chemistry written in English and accompanied by abstracts in Slovene.
 Lin Chen-yi (Chinese: 林鎮夷; pinyin: Lín Zhènyí) is a military personnel in the Republic of China. He was the Chief of the General Staff of the Republic of China Armed Forces in 2009-2013.
 Thekkan Kuttur or Tekkan Kuttur is a place in Malappuram district of Kerala in India. Its under Tirur block and Thalakkad village. Around 4000 people are living here. There is a Shiva Temple named Pazhayeadath-Sivakshethram another small temple is also there which named as Puthiyeadath-Kshethram. There are two schools named A.M.L.P.S and G.L.P.S. Most of the peoples of this village depends on farming.
 The Mad Songs of Fernanda Hussein is a 2001 film. In Greece the film is known as Ta tragoudia trelas tis Fernanda Hussein.
 Lady Snowblood (Japanese: 修羅雪姫 Hepburn: Shurayuki-hime) is a manga written by Kazuo Koike and illustrated by Kazuo Kamimura and serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Playboy.
 Tri-Danielson!!! (Omega) is the fourth full length album by New Jersey indie rock band Danielson Famile. When the CD was placed in a standard CD the first track would actually read 14 and the rest of the album followed suit. This album is referred to as Tri-Danielson Vol. 2 (Omega) by allmusic[1].
 Alone in a Crowd is an album by Catch 22 and the first release featuring the band's second lineup (featuring Jeff Davidson as lead vocalist replacing Tomas Kalnoky). The album features a song trilogy What Goes Around Comes Around Bloomfield Avenue and Neverending Story which follows two young lovers who commit multiple acts of homicide on a cross-country spree before finally succumbing to their own personal demons.
 Billboard Top Rock'n'Roll Hits: 1955 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1988 featuring 10 hit recordings from 1955. The volume is the first in a series of albums by Rhino Records that chronicled years in music starting from 1955 and continuing through 1995.Each of the albums issued in the series included a Time Capsule in its liner notes.
 Iwo Jima LORAN-C transmitter was a LORAN-C transmitter at Iwo Jima Japan of Grid 9970 at 24°48′8″N 141°19′32″E. The Iwo Jima LORAN-C transmitter had a transmission power of 4000 kilowatts which is more than the most powerful broadcasting stations. The Iwo Jima LORAN-C transmitter had a 411.5 metre (1350 ft) tall guyed mast which was built in 1963. It collapsed in 1965 at repair trial of a defective eyebolt in a backstage insulator.
 The Major Jacob Hasbrouck Jr. House is located on Huguenot Street in the Town of New Paltz New York United States. It was built in 1786 by Hasbrouck grandson of Jean Hasbrouck one of the original Huguenot settlers of the New Paltz area in the late 17th century after he had moved out of the family home two miles (3.2 km) to the south in what is today the Huguenot Street Historic District.
 The Gatwick Aviation Museum is an aerospace museum located on the boundary of London Gatwick Airport in the village of Charlwood Surrey.
 Clancy in Wall Street is a 1930 comedy film. it stars Charles Murray who had made a number of films for Edward Small.It was also known as Clancy Caught Short and was described as the first comedy about the stock market crash.
 Lieutenant-Colonel George Richard Lane-Fox 1st Baron Bingley PC (15 December 1870 — 11 December 1947) was a British Conservative politician. He served as Secretary for Mines between 1922 and 1924 and again between 1924 and 1928.
 Eunice Lake is a lake located in the White Lake Wilderness Area in Nova Scotia Canada. It can only be accessed by the Admiral Lake Loop of the Musquodoboit Trailways Association. The lake is about 320 meters long and 190 meters wide. The trailhead is about 2 km north of Musquodoboit Harbour.
 Chuck Klosterman IV: A Decade of Curious People and Dangerous Ideas is a book written by Chuck Klosterman first published by Scribner in 2006. It is the fourth book by Klosterman. The paperback edition was released in July 2007.
 Theodore C. Ted Speliotis (born August 20 1953) is a Democratic member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives representing the 13th Essex District. He lives in Danvers Massachusetts.Representative Speliotis attended the Carroll School in Peabody the Danversport Elementary School and is a graduate of Danvers High School.
 Vivid is the debut album by the American rock band Living Colour. The album was one of the most popular albums of 1988 reaching #6 on the Billboard 200 and certified double platinum by the RIAA.
 LeRoy A. Stumpf (born May 29 1944) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) he represents District 1 which includes all or portions of Kittson Marshall Pennington Polk Red Lake and Roseau counties in the northwestern part of the state.
 Sunday Songs is the debut album from Finnish singer-songwriter Paradise Oskar it was released on May 2 2011. The first single released from the album Da Da Dam was released on 16 February 2011.
 Faith is the debut album by American R&B singer Faith Evans released by Bad Boy Records on August 29 1995 in the United States. Featuring main production by The Hitmen members Sean Puff Daddy Combs and Chucky Thompson as well as Mark Ledford Herb Middleton and Jean-Claude Olivier among others.The album which spawned the gold-certified hits You Used to Love Me and Soon As I Get Home was certified Platinum by the RIAA in March 1996.
 Si Pitoeng is a film from the Dutch East Indies (modern-day Indonesia) that was released in 1931. Directed by the Wong brothers and starring Herman Shim and Ining Resmini it was the first film based on the life of Si Pitung a bandit from Batavia (modern-day Jakarta).
 Valnontey is a small village of Cogne in Aosta Valley the smallest region of Italy. It is completely within the Gran Paradiso National Park.
 Jannatabadqom (Persian: جنت آباد قم‎ also Romanized as Jannatābādqom) is a village in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1784 in 401 families.
 The Călinești River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Love Me is the first studio album released by rapper/song writer J Peezy. The album was released in 2008 for APB Entertainment.
 Uttarganga is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6704 people living in 1260 individual households.
 The Minion (also known as Fallen Knight in Canada) is a 1998 American and Canadian action supernatural horror film directed by Jean-Marc Piché and starring Dolph Lundgren.
 Another Late Night: Zero 7 is a DJ mix album mixed by Zero 7. It is the fourth in the series from Late Night Tales. It was released on 18 February 2002 on Late Night Tales in the UK (catalogue no. ALNCD04) and on Kinetic Records in the USA (catalogue no. 67728-54705-2).
 Chrostosoma trimaculatum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1912. It is found in Peru.
 Nathan Green Gordon (September 4 1916 – September 8 2008) was an American lawyer politician and decorated naval aviator. A Democrat he served as the sixth Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas for ten terms from 1947 to 1967. As a United States Navy officer in World War II he received the U.S. military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for rescuing the crews of several downed airplanes.
 Church San Germán de Auxerre is a Roman Catholic parish church located in San Germán Puerto Rico overlooking the main plaza of the town. Spanish settlers founded San Germán parish in 1510 and built the first permanent church in 1688. Puerto Ricans repaired and reconstructed the church between 1717 and 1739 after it had suffered earthquake damage. Between 1834 and 1897 new repairs were made to the building and in 1920 the tower was rebuilt after the 1918 earthquake.
 Little Fish Strange Pond (alternate title: Frenemy) is a 2009 direct-to-DVD indie film directed by Gregory Dark and written by Robert Dean Klein.
 Barbus lujae is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Sugoi Indeed is the eight studio album from Japanese garage metal trio Electric Eel Shock released 2009.
 Kalamar (Persian: كلمر‎ also Romanized as Kalmor) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 The Michigan Theatre at 124 North Mechanic Street in Jackson Michigan opened in 1930 and was designed by Maurice Herman Finkel. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 8 1980 and is undergoing renovations as of 2005.
 Dwight Foster (December 13 1828 – April 18 1884) was an American lawyer and politician from Massachusetts. He served as Massachusetts Attorney General and was an Associate Justice on the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court.
 Parminder Singh Dhindsa is an Indian politician and belongs to the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal. He is Minister for Finance & Planning in the present Punjab Government.
 Pseudopelmatops is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Daily Journal is a defunct English language newspaper published in Caracas Venezuela. It was founded by Jules Waldman an American journalist who lived in Caracas from 1940 to his death in 1990. The target market of the newspaper was English-reading people in Venezuela which included expatriates of all nationalities as well as bilingual Venezuelans.
 The Myth of Fingerprints is a 1997 American film drama written and directed by Bart Freundlich. It stars Blythe Danner Roy Scheider Noah Wyle and Julianne Moore (who later became Freundlich's wife).The film is named after the song All Around the World or the Myth of the Fingerprints by Paul Simon featured on his 1986 album Graceland. The song is concerned with dispelling the myth that people are different the world over: I've seen them all and man they're all the same.
 Rugby Chapel is a municipal historic site which is part of the University of Saskatchewan (U of S). The U of S is the largest education institution in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The University of Saskatchewan location next to the South Saskatchewan River was across from the city centre of Saskatoon. In 1879 the Rt. Rev. John McLean started a schooling system in Prince Albert which was renamed the University of Saskatchewan in 1883.
 Cabaraya is a stratovolcano in Bolivia. It lies between the volcanoes Isluga and Tata Sabaya immediately east of the border with Chile.
 The Panman: Rhythm of the Palms is a 2007 film that tells the story of the rise and fall of the steel drum pan player Harry Daniel. Daniel is an icon of the Caribbean whose personal life suffers when he places his music above his family. For he is desperate to pass the pan culture to a younger generation. During this crusade to keep the music alive on his beloved island of St Martin he meets the exceptionally talented Jacko who becomes his star apprentice and hope for the future.
 This article incorporates information from the Deutsch Wikipedia.The Rieskrater Museum sometimes known in English as the Ries Crater Museum focuses on meteors and their collisions with Earth. The museum is housed in a 16th-century barn in Nordlingen Germany which was part of the medieval city's center. The area (Nördlinger Ries) is the location of a meteor's impact with Earth c. 15 million years ago and it might have been a double impact (Steinheim crater is nearby).
 Selling Out is a 1972 Canadian short film for cinema and TV directed by Tadeusz Jaworski written and produced by Jack Winter distributed by Unit Productions and Encyclopædia Britannica.
 Blanca Peak is the highest peak of the Sierra Blanca Massif at the southern tip of the Sangre de Cristo Range in the U.S. State of Colorado. It is the fourth highest peak of the Rocky Mountains and the eighth highest peak in the contiguous United States.
 Saatli is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Slnečný kalendár (English: Sunny Calendar) is the third solo album by Slovak recording artist Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1982.
 In Camera is the debut studio album by Arthur & Yu. It was self-released on June 19 2007 on Hardly Art Records which branches off Sub Pop. Stylistically comparisons to Velvet Underground and early Luna have been drawn with a hazy atmospheric sound present in the album.
 L'Homme de la Mancha (English: The man of la Mancha) is Jacques Brel's eleventh studio album. Released in 1968 it is the cast recording of the French adaptation of The Man of la Mancha by Mitch Leigh and Joe Darion. Brel adapted the book translated the lyrics directed the production and played the role of Don Quixote. This was the only time he ever adapted songs by other writers or appeared in a stage musical.
 Panta Mazi is an EP and debut release by Greek artist Kostas Martakis released in November 2006 by Sony BMG Greece. All songs are included on his debut album Anatropi which was the following year on July 20 2007.
 Chapter Two is the second album by the Jazz singer Roberta Flack. It was released in 1970 on Atlantic Records.
 The Lion Has Wings is a 1939 British black-and-white documentary-style propaganda war film. The film was directed by Adrian Brunel Brian Desmond Hurst Alexander Korda and Michael Powell. It was produced by London Film Productions and Alexander Korda Film Productions.The film was made at the outbreak of the Second World War released to cinemas very quickly and helped convince the government of the value of film in both the propaganda battle and the dissemination of information.
 Stopanja is a village in the municipality of Trstenik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1325 people.
 The Plott Balsams are a mountain range in western North Carolina in the southeastern United States. They are part of the Blue Ridge Mountain Province of the Southern Appalachian Mountains. The Plott Balsams stretch from the city of Sylva in the Tuckasegee River valley to the southwest to Maggie Valley in the northeast. The Great Smoky Mountains border the Plott Balsams to the north and the Great Balsam Mountains border the range to the south.
 Veeraghattam is a town located in the state of Andhra Pradesh Srikakulam district India. Veeraghattam is run under a mandal and is bordered by the Vangara Regidi Amadalavalasa Palakonda and Seethampeta mandals of the Srikakulam district and Vizianagaram district. Veeraghattam is located between Palakonda and Parvathipuram.
 The Spencer County Courthouse in Rockport Indiana was built in 1921. It has been regarded as one of the finest works of architect Elmer E. Dunlap and is the most imposing building in Rockport. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Amateur Gentleman is a 1936 British drama film directed by Thornton Freeland and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Elissa Landi Gordon Harker and Margaret Lockwood with music by Richard Addinsell. It is based on the 1913 novel The Amateur Gentleman by Jeffrey Farnol. In an effort to prove his father's innocence of a charge of stealing a young man disguises himself as a gentleman and travels to Regency London.
 Veendum Kannur is a 2012 Malayalam political thriller film directed by Haridas starring Anoop Menon in the lead role. The film is touted as a sequel to the director's own 1997 film Kannur although the characters do not resemble. Veendum Kannur is about how one man sets out to bring about a revolution in the communist party.
 The SIAM Journal on Computing (SICOMP) is a scientific journal focusing on the mathematical and formal aspects of computer science. It is published by the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM).
 Three Dollars is a 1998 novel by Australian writer Elliot Perlman. It is his first published novel. A movie of the same name based on the novel was released in 2005.
 Carrying The tune is a Celtic album by Kevin Crawford. It was released in 2012 on BallyO Records and is Kevin's third solo release. The tracks on this album feature Kevin playing the flute and whistle and accompanied by guitar bouzouki and bodhrán.
 People of the Talisman is a science fiction novel by Leigh Brackett set on the planet Mars whose protagonist is Eric John Stark.
 The Beechwood Elementary School is a midsized urban public school located in the Beechview neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The building was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The school provides taxpayer funded preschool through 5th grade in 2011. Enrollment was 359 in 2011. Students who qualify for free or reduced lunch: 71.08%. Enrollment was 415 in 2010 with 22 teachers employed. The school is part of the Pittsburgh School District.
 The Vulcanu River is a tributary of the Moldovița River in Romania.
 Ronnie Drew is the debut album of Ronnie Drew released in 1975.Produced by John Curran this was Ronnie's first solo album made in 1975 after he first left The Dubliners. Many of the tracks he had previously recorded or would subsequently re-record with The Dubliners. The album contains his original recording of The Irish Rover which would later become a huge hit for The Dubliners when they recorded the song with The Pogues.
 The Journal of Inherited Metabolic Disease is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering inherited metabolic disorders. It was established in 1978 and is the official journal of the Society for the Study of Inborn Errors of Metabolism.
 The Timpahute Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada.
 The Charwell River is a river in the northeast of New Zealand's South Island. Its headwaters are in the Seaward Kaikoura Ranges and it feeds into the Conway River the traditional boundary between Marlborough and Canterbury.
 Lepidochrysops caerulea is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found on Madagascar.
 The Patía River is a river in southwestern Colombia. It flows over 400 kilometers to drain into the Pacific Ocean north of Tumaco. The Patía River is the longest river on the Colombian Pacific Coast. The last 90 kilometers is navigable by boat.
 The Confederate Monument of Bardstown in Bardstown Kentucky was erected in 1903 in the Bardstown/St. Joseph's Cemetery to honor the sacrifice of 67 Confederate soldiers who died during the American Civil War 17 of which are unknown. Most were under the command of Major General Braxton Bragg who died in 1862 in conflicts around Bardstown. It was dedicated by the J. Crepps Wickliffe Chapter of the United Daughters of the Confederacy.
 Orthotylus virens is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that can be found in Austria Baltic states (except for Lithuania) Bulgaria Czech Republic France Germany Moldova Poland Russia Slovakia Switzerland Ukraine Scandinavia and Benelux (except for Belgium).
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād and Hājlābād) is a village in Bahreman Rural District Nuq District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 William Lyon Mackenzie King PC OM CMG (December 17 1874 – July 22 1950) also commonly known as Mackenzie King was the dominant Canadian political leader from the 1920s through the 1940s. He served as the tenth Prime Minister of Canada from December 29 1921 to June 28 1926; from September 25 1926 to August 7 1930; and from October 23 1935 to November 15 1948. A Liberal with 22 years in office he was the longest-serving Prime Minister in Canadian history.
 Odostomia talama is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Lance Kinzer (born April 18 1970 in Bay City Michigan) is a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives representing the 30th district. He was appointed to his first term and has served since July 27 2004. After redistricting in 2010 his district's number changed from 14 to 30.
 Nezamabad (Persian: نظام اباد‎ also Romanized as Nez̧āmābād) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Rural District in the Central District of Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 222 in 67 families.
 Pazarić is a village in the municipality of Hadžići Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Barmas (Persian: برمس‎ also Romanized as Barmes; also known as Barmesh Bārmīz and Byrmys) is a village in Azghan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 49 families.
 Następowo [nastɛmˈpɔvɔ] (German: Wilhelmshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Główczyce 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 81 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 21.
 Dangerous to Know is a 1938 crime film starring Anna May Wong Akim Tamiroff Gail Patrick Lloyd Nolan and Anthony Quinn. The movie was directed by Robert Florey. Bosley Crowther of The New York Times called the film a second-rate melodrama hardly worthy of the talents of its generally capable cast.
 María Zavala Valladares (born January 15 1956) is a Peruvian politician lawyer and judge. She was the Minister for Justice.
 The Edward Alexander Kelley Hackett House is a historic Craftsman-style house in the Pico-Union neighborhood of Los Angeles California. Built in 1901 the house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in May 2003 based on its well-preserved Craftsman architecture.
 François Béchard (April 18 1830 – April 13 1897) was a Quebec farmer and political figure. He represented Iberville and then St. Johns—Iberville in the Canadian House of Commons as a Liberal member from 1867 to 1896. He was a member of the Senate of Canada for De Lorimier division from 1896 to 1897.He was born in Mount Johnson (now Mont-Saint-Grégoire) Lower Canada in 1830 the son of François Béchard and Clémence Gozette and educated at the College of Saint-Hyacinthe.
 Put You in the Picture is a song written by Midge Ure and performed by his group PVC2 who comprised Ure on guitar and lead vocals Kenny Hyslop on drums Billy McIsaac on keyboards and Russell Webb on bass guitar. The song was released on August 30 1977 by Zoom Records in an eponymous EP which was the last single and recording of Midge Ure with the remaining members of Slik who later resurged as Zones with another singer and guitarist Willie Gardner.
 Media Trust is a privately held Nigerian newspaper publishing company based in Abuja that publishes the English-language Daily Trust Weekly Trust Sunday Trust and the Hausa-language Aminiya newspapers as well as a new pan-African magazine Kilimanjaro.
 Halovo is a village in the municipality of Zaječar Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 856 people.
 Aria (formerly known as the Lewis Tower Building) is a 33-story Art Deco skyscraper in Center City Philadelphia designed by the firm Edmund Gilchrist.An exceptionally slender building it was one of the city's tallest office high-rises until the skyscraper boom of the late 1980s. It housed offices until 2005 when the building was sold for conversion into condominiums.
 Gronów [ˈɡrɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Ośno Lubuskie 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Słubice and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 130.
 Flying Colours is a Horatio Hornblower novel by C.S. Forester originally published 1938 as the third in the series but now eighth by internal chronology. It describes the adventures of Hornblower and his companions escaping from imprisonment in Napoleonic France and returning to England.
 The Detroit Harbor Terminal Building (also known as the Detroit Marine Terminal Building and most commonly called the Boblo Island Detroit Dock Building or just the Boblo Dock Building) is an abandoned ten-story warehouse in Detroit Michigan. The warehouse is located on the Detroit River just downriver from the Ambassador Bridge between S. McKinstry and Clark Streets on West Jefferson Avenue.
 Duck Creek is a minor tributary of the Mississippi River in the United States. The creek runs through Scott County Iowa and the cities of Davenport and Bettendorf.
 Traces of My Lipstick is the third and final studio album by American girl group Xscape released on May 12 1998 under the So So Def label.As with previous albums Hummin' Comin' at 'Cha (1993) and Off the Hook (1995) the album was chiefly produced by Jermaine Dupri with Manuel Seal Jr. and Daryl Simmons with addition production from Babyface Joe Thomas Warryn Campbell and Keith Sweat.
 Agatówka [aɡaˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Duży within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 150.
 Berquist & Nelson Drugstore Building is a historic drugstore at 105 N. Main Street in Lindsborg Kansas.It was built in 1880 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Mulebreen (67°28′S 59°21′E) is a glacier 6 nautical miles (11 km) wide flowing west-northwest into the southeast side of Stefansson Bay Kemp Land Antarctica. First mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition 1936-37 and names Mulebreen Glacier (the snout glacier). This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document Mulebreen Glacier (content from the Geographic Names Information System).
 Nine High a Pallet is the first studio album by brute. a band based in Athens Georgia USA which was a collaboration band between the guitarist Vic Chesnutt and members of Widespread Panic.The first-known grouping of Chesnutt with the members of the band was at John Keane's studio in Athens where Nine High a Pallet was recorded. The first official live performance by the band was in January 1995.
 Night Passage is a 1957 Western film starring James Stewart and Audie Murphy.
 Night Mayor is a 2009 short film by Guy Maddin about a fictional inventor in Winnipeg who uses the Aurora Borealis to broadcast images of Canada from coast to coast in 1939 until the Canadian government shuts down his illegal project.The National Film Board of Canada (NFB) which was founded in 1939 commissioned Maddin to create a film for its 70th anniversary.
 Casse comme du verre is the fifth album recorded by French singer Priscilla Betti. It was released on 10 December 2007 on the Jive Records label.The album reached #111 on the French SNEP Albums Chart and was ranked in the top 200 for seven weeks. Two singles were released : Chante ! which didn't chart and Casse comme du verre. Casse comme du verre was Priscilla's least successful album to date.Tracks from the album were used in the TV series Chante! which starred Priscilla.
 Astonishing Tales is an American anthology comic book series published by Marvel Comics originally from 1970-1976. Its sister publication was Amazing Adventures vol. 2In 2008 and 2009 Marvel produced 11 webcomics starring different characters under the umbrella title Astonishing Tales. Several stories were reprinted in the six-issue miniseries Astonishing Tales vol. 2 (April-Sept. 2009).
 Mount King is a large smooth-crested mountain in the eastern extremity of the Tula Mountains. Part of the Australian Antarctic Gazetteer (Australian Antarctic Gazetteer Id 1581) and the SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica it is located in Enderby Land Australian Antarctic Territory East Antarctica.
 The San Quintin kangaroo rat (Dipodomys gravipes) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae. It is endemic to Mexico where it is known only from western Baja California. The natural habitat of the species is hot deserts. It is threatened by conversion of its habitat to agriculture.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 426 in 106 families.
 Zsolt Csampa (born November 27 1974) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from National List between 2002 and 2010. He became Member of Parliament from Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County Regional List in 2010. He is the current Vice Chairman of the Defence and Internal Security Committee since May 14 2010.Csampa joined Hungarian Democratic Forum (MDF) in 1998. He left the party and its parliamentary group in 2004.
 Morning is the third studio album by American R&B-soul singer-songwriter Amel Larrieux released in the United States on April 25 2006. Larrieux's second album released on her own independent label Blisslife Records it peaked at number seventy-four on the Billboard 200 and number eight on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums becoming the singer's highest-charting solo album on both charts to date.
 Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 Tamil film directed and acted by K. Bhagyaraj along with Urvasi in the lead roles. The movie marked the debut of Urvashi in Tamil cinema.It was remade in Telugu as Moodu Mullu with Chandramohan and Radhika and the original was dubbed in Telugu as Vaadante Pelli. The film was a blockbuster and was remade in Hindi as Masterji in the year 1985 with Rajesh Khanna and Sridevi in lead roles.
 The Chapel of Nossa Senhora da Lapa and Residence of the Society of Jesus is a Christian sanctuary in the civil parish of Quintela municipality of Sernancelhe of northern Portugal. The historical residence of the Society of Jesus this site was transformed to support pilgrims to the site and is marked by a chapel delineated by Corinthian columns supporting plinths surmounted by simple frieze and cornice.
 One for the Money is a 2012 American crime comedy film based on Janet Evanovich's 1994 novel of the same name. Directed by Julie Anne Robinson the screenplay was written by Liz Brixius Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith. It stars Katherine Heigl Jason O'Mara Debbie Reynolds Daniel Sunjata and Sherri Shepherd.
 Best of Times (Thai: ความจำสั้น แต่รักฉันยาว RTGS: Khwam Cham San Tae Rak Chan Yao) is a Thai romantic drama film directed by Yongyoot Thongkongtoon and released by GTH in 2009.
 Mount Rishiri (利尻山 Rishiri-zan) is a quaternary stratovolcano located off the coast of Hokkaidō Japan in the Sea of Japan. The extinct volcano rises out of the sea forming Rishiri Island. Because its cone shape resembles Mount Fuji it is sometimes referred to as Rishiri Fuji. It is one of the 100 famous mountains in Japan.Mount Rishiri's opening festival is held annually on July 2 and July 3. This festival officially opens the climbing season.
 Árni Páll Árnason (born 23 May 1966) is an Icelandic politician who served in the government of Iceland as Minister of Social Affairs from 10 May 2009 to 2 September 2010 and as Minister of Business Affairs from 2 September 2010 to 31 December 2011.
 Arkén Kenesbékovich Arystánov (Kazakh: Аркен Кеңесбекұлы Арыстанов; Russian: Аркен Кенесбекович Арыстанов) (born March 7 1966 in Almaty) is the chairman of the Agency for regulation of the regional financial center of Almaty city (RFCA) and a board member of the Agency on regulation and supervision of financial market and financial organisations Kazakhstan.
 Culicoides hermani is a species of Culicoides. It is found in Central America.
 Nawngpu-awng is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 The Târsecu Mic River is a tributary of the Sugura River in Romania.
 Sir Alfred George Lascelles KC (12 October 1857 - 9 February 1952) was the 20th Chief Justice of Ceylon. He was appointed on 1 May 1911 succeeding Joseph Turner Hutchinson and was Chief Justice until 1914. He was succeeded by Alexander Wood Renton.Alfred George Lascelles was the son of George Edwin Lascelles and Louisa Nina Murray he was born at Moor Hill Harewood on 12 October 1857.
 The International Journal of Productivity and Performance Management is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering performance management and measurement. The editors-in-chief are Thomas F. Burgess (Leeds University Business School) and John Heap (National Productivity Centre). The journal was established in 1952 and is published by Emerald Group Publishing. It is the official journal of the World Confederation of Productivity Science.
 Iris's Gift was a National Hunt racehorse trained in Britain by Jonjo O'Neill.
 New Era is an official magazine of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). First published in January 1971 along with the Ensign and the Friend the New Era's intended audience has always been the church's youth.
 Turk's Head (French: Tête de turc - the expression also has the colloquial meaning of 'scapegoat' or 'fall guy' in French) is a 2010 French thriller film directed and starring Pascal Elbé. Roschdy Zem and Israel actress Ronit Elkabetz also star. It was released in France on 31 March 2010. The film was inspired by the real-life incident in 2006 in Marseille where a group of impoverished teenagers torched a bus severely burning a female passenger.
 Palaiyapatti Therkusethi is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Lose This Life is the second studio album by the Christian rock band Tait. According to frontman Michael Tait the songs all have to do with the striving human passion to know feel and experience God's love.[citation needed]It was released by ForeFront Records on November 4 2003.
 Amphinectomys savamis also known as the Ucayali Water Rat or Amphibious Rat is a rodent from Peruvian Amazonia. It is placed as the only member of genus Amphinectomys in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae. It is similar to Nectomys but its discoverers considered it to be different enough (with more expansive interdigital webbing and a significantly broader interorbital region) to require its own genus.
 The John J. Makinen Bottle House (also known as the Kaleva Bottle House Kaleva Bottle House Museum and Kaleva Historical Museum) is a house built of bottle wall construction in 1941 by John J. Makinen Sr. It is located in Kaleva Michigan near Manistee. Construction uses over 60000 bottles laid on their sides with the bottoms toward the exterior.
 The Gehrdener Berg is a forested ridge in the Calenberg Land in Hanover Region in the north German state of Lower Saxony. On its slopes nestles the town of Gehrden that gives the ridge its name. The ridge is about 2.7 kilometres long and is the sister hill range of the Benther Berg in southwest Hanover. Its highest point is the Burgberg at 155 metres above sea level (NN).
 Woltjer is an impact crater that is located in the northern latitudes of the Moon's far side. It is just attached to the southern outer rim of the larger crater Montgolfier. To the southwest is Schneller and to the east is Stoletov.This is a relatively recent impact compared to most of the craters on the far side and the rim is still well-formed with little erosion. It is old enough however that its albedo matches its surroundings and it lacks a ray system.
 Black Mountain elevation 13864 ft (4226 m) is a summit in the Front Range of central Colorado. The peak is in the Pike National Forest north east of Salida.
 The Iracema River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Robert L. Turner (born September 14 1947) is a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 61st Assembly District since 1990.
 The Hawthorne Ordnance Museum is located at 925 E Street Hawthorne Nevada.
 Motor City Madness is a compilation album by Funkadelic featuring songs recorded for Westbound Records during the band's career with that label from 1968 to 1976. The compilation first appeared overseas in 2003 and was released in the United States in 2006.
 Fermin S. Torralba was Filipino lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Philippines Legislature from 1922 to 1928 and was Secretary of the Philippine Senate from 1931 to 1935. He was a member of the Nacionalista Party.Fermin Torralba was born in Tagbilaran Bohol. He received an LL.B. degree from the University of Michigan.Torralba was elected to the Philippines Legislature in 1922 as representative from the 1st district of Bohol and was re-elected in 1925.
 Weißbach (Roda) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 St. Paul United Methodist Church is located in downtown Cedar Rapids Iowa United States. The Louis Sullivan designed building has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1985.
 Hills of Home is a 1948 Technicolor drama film the fourth in a series of seven MGM Lassie films. It starred Edmund Gwenn Donald Crisp and Tom Drake.
 Thomas Terry Tom Connally (August 19 1877 – October 28 1963) was an American politician who represented Texas in both the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives as a member of the Democratic Party. He served in the US House of Representatives from 1917 – 1928 and the U.S. Senate from 1929 – 1953.
 Johan Axelsson Oxenstierna af Södermöre (June 24 1611 – December 5 1657) was a Count and a Swedish statesman.
 Jill Pay (born 10 May 1951) was Serjeant at Arms in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. Pay is the first woman to have held the position Her appointment was unusual in that the position is one normally reserved for those with a military background. Pay's position conferred responsibility for security in the House of Commons. She announced her retirement on 13 October 2011 effective 31 January 2012.
 The Raging River is a modest tributary to the much larger Snoqualmie River in western Washington State in the United States. It is located in the western foothills of the Cascade Mountains in east central King County Washington. It gets its name from the large amount of water it sometimes carries. The record discharge at the gaging station is over 4000 cubic feet (110 m3) per second.
 Goeppert-Mayer is a crater on the planet Venus. It is 35 kilometers (22 mi) in diameter and lies above an escarpment at the edge of a ridge belt in Southern Ishtar Terra. West of the crater the scarp has more than one kilometer (0.6 miles) of relief.
 Zborów [ˈzbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Widawa 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Łask and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 400.
 The Salween (Burmese: Thanlwin IPA: [θàɴlwɪ̀ɴ mjɪʔ]; Mon: သာန်လာန် [san lon]; Tibetan: རྒྱལ་མོ་རྔུལ་ཆུ། Wylie: rGyl mo rNGul chu; Chinese: 怒江; pinyin: Nù Jiāng; Shan: Nam Kong (Kong River); Thai: แม่น้ำสาละวิน IPA: [mɛ̂ː náːm sǎːla.win]; also spelled Salwine; Salawin Thai; Gyalmo Ngulchu Nu Jiang--which means Angry River in Chinese (The river is actually named after the Nu tribe that lives in the area but Chinese having no phonetic script had to use a character with a similar sound as Nu and that happens to be the character for rage) is a river about 2815 kilometres (1749 mi) long that flows from the Tibetan Plateau into the Andaman Sea in Southeast Asia. 
 You're A Shadow is the second studio album by Hungry Kids of Hungary which was released on February 22 2013 in Australia via stop start/EMI. The album was produced by Wayne Connolly at Alberts Studios in Sydney Australia. The album artwork was created by We Buy Your Kids.
 The Trinity Cathedral (Russian: Троицкий собор Troitsky sobor; Russian: Троице-Измайловский соборTroitse-Izmailovsky sobor) sometimes called the Troitsky Cathedral in Saint Petersburg Russia is a late example of the Empire style built between 1828 and 1835 to a design by Vasily Stasov.
 Selling to Seniors is a news service (or newsletter) published in Silver Spring MD by CD Publications.Also known as The 50+ Marketing Report Selling to Seniors reports on advertising to American seniors. It also includes trend analysis and market news.
 Pierre Dupong (11 January 1885 – 23 December 1953) was a Luxembourgish politician and statesman. He was the 16th Prime Minister of Luxembourg serving for sixteen years from 11 May 1937 until his death on 23 December 1953 and was also responsible at different times for the ministries of finance the army agriculture labour and social matters.
 The Inquirer and Mirror also called The I&M or The Inky is the weekly newspaper of record on the island of Nantucket Massachusetts. It has been in continuous publication since 1821. The Inquirer and Mirror founded in 1821 is the weekly newspaper of Nantucket MA.
 Stenopus is a genus of swimming decapod crustaceans containing eleven species including Stenopus hispidus a common aquarium pet. Stenopus contains the following species:
 The Orzeni River or Râul Bulgarilor is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 Zarat (Persian: ذرات‎ also Romanized as Z̄arāt and Zarāt) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 603 in 162 families.
 Coreura alcedo is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1915.
 Universal Music Group released The Best of Siouxsie and the Banshees in 2002 as the first reissue of the Siouxsie and the Banshees remastered back-catalogue.The most successful singles of the band were presented in a non-chronological order.The Best of Siouxsie & the Banshees was issued in three editions; single disc double CD and Sound & Vision double CD and DVD (the latter version was released in 2004 and re-issued in 2007).
 Chain of Command is the seventh studio album by the American power metal band Jag Panzer. The album was recorded in 1987 and went unreleased at the time yet bootlegged since 1988.It was finally released by Century Media for the first time with new cover art and a remaster job on June 21st 2004. The label released only 5000 copies. Most of the songs have been re-recorded by the classic line-up over the years.
 Dehgah (Persian: ده گاه‎ also Romanized as Dehgāh) is a village in Khafri Rural District in the Central District of Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 23 families.
 Through the Flames is the third book of forty in the Left Behind: The Kids series written by Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye in 1998. The plot for this book is based on the Left Behind series.This book starts where Second Chance left off. After finding out that the body in the morgue was not his uncle Andre Lionel Washington starts trying to look for him before it is too late. After a disagreement over the house rules Ryan takes off from Judd's place on his bike.
 Dahir Rayale Kahin (Somali: Dahir Rayale Kahin Arabic: ضاهر ريالي كاهن‎) (born 12 March 1952) in Quljeed was the third President of Somaliland a self-declared republic that is internationally recognized as a part of Somalia. He became the third president of Somaliland on May 3 2002 after the death of Muhammad Haji Ibrahim Egal.
 John Duncan Anderson AO (born 14 November 1956) is a former Australian politician. He served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Australia and Leader of the rural-based National Party of Australia from July 1999 to July 2005.
 Eschach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Royal Glamorgan Hospital (Welsh: Ysbyty Brenhinol Morgannwg) is a District General Hospital in Ynysmaerdy Talbot Green near Llantrisant Rhondda Cynon Taf South Wales.
 Children of Divorce is a 1927 American silent romantic drama film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Clara Bow Esther Ralston and Gary Cooper. Adapted from the 1927 novel of the same name by Owen Johnson and written by Louis D. Lighton Hope Loring Alfred Hustwick and Adela Rogers St. Johns the film is about a young flapper who tricks her wealthy friend into marrying her during a night of drunken revelry.
 The Samambaia River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Ghimbășel River or Ghimbav River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It is formed at the junction of two headwaters: Pârâul Mare and Pârâul Mic.
 Lords of Finance: The Bankers Who Broke the World is a 2009 nonfiction book about events leading up to and culminating in the Great Depression as told through the personal histories of the heads of the Central Banks of the world's four major economies at the time: Benjamin Strong Jr. of the New York Federal Reserve Montagu Norman of the Bank of England Émile Moreau of the Banque de France and Hjalmar Schacht of the Reichsbank.
 İsmailağatolu Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Shooting an Elephant is an essay by George Orwell first published in the literary magazine New Writing in the autumn of 1936 and broadcast by the BBC Home Service on October 12 1948.The essay describes the experience of the English narrator possibly Orwell himself called upon to shoot an aggressive elephant while working as a police officer in Burma.
 Fusitriton retiolus is a species of large predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae the tritons.
 Vol(l)ume 14 is the fourteenth studio album by the German thrash metal band Tankard released through AFM Records.
 Willie Coffey (born 24 May 1958) is a Scottish politician. He is a Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for Kilmarnock and Loudoun since 2007.Coffey worked as Software Development Manager and latterly as a Quality and Risk Manager with Learning and Teaching Scotland before his election to the Scottish Parliament. He previously was a councillor on East Ayrshire Council.
 The Takahara River (高原川 Takahara-gawa) has its source at Mount Norikura in the northern part of Gifu Prefecture Japan and flows into Toyama Prefecture where it joins with the Jinzū River. It is a Class 1 River.The river was polluted with cadmium due to mining at the Kamioka Mines (神岡鉱山 Kamioka Kōzan) and caused the itai-itai disease in the downstream towns around World War II.
 Violent Cop is a low-budget 2000 Hong Kong cop thriller directed by Kant Leung Wang Fat.
 Nowa Huta [ˈnɔva ˈxuta] (Kashubian: Nowô Hëta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Kartuzy and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 282.
 The Hidden Family is the second book of Charles Stross' alternate history science fiction series The Merchant Princes. It completes the story begun in The Family Trade (2004); the two were originally written as one novel.[citation needed] They are followed by The Clan Corporate (2006) the first part of the second story.
 Lois B. DeFleur (born June 25 1936) was president of Binghamton University from 1990 to 2010. She came to the university after being provost at the University of Missouri. Before that she had served as a sociology professor at Missouri State University and Washington State University. She has a doctorate in sociology from the University of Illinois.
 Out of True is a 1951 British drama-documentary film directed by Philip Leacock and starring Jane Hylton and Muriel Pavlow. Out of True was made by the Crown Film Unit with sponsorship from the Ministry of Health and was promoted as a fictional account of a nervous breakdown which conforms to the pattern of much of the mental illness occurring today. The film received a nomination in the category Best Documentary Film at the 1951 British Academy Film Awards.
 The Alden Public Library in Alden Iowa was built in 1914. It was designed by Wetherell & Gage. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Nouri Abusahmain (Arabic : نوري أبو سهمين) is a Libyan politician who has been the President of the Libyan General National Congress since 25 June 2013. He is also a representative of the Berber town of Zuwarah in the west of the country.
 Sci-Fi Crimes is the fifth studio album from the American rock band Chevelle released on August 31 2009 through Epic Records.
 Artian (Persian: ارتيان‎ also Romanized as Artīān) is a village in Takab Rural District in the Central District of Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 100 families.
 Sir John Newell Jordan GCMG GCIE KCB PC (5 September 1852 – 14 September 1925) was a British diplomat.Jordan was born in Balloo County Down Ireland the son of a wealthy Presbyterian farmer. He apparently never lost his Irish accent. He was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution Queen's College Belfast and Queen's College Cork. In 1876 he joined the Chinese Consular Service as a student interpreter.
 The Ortoaia River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 House of Angels – The Second Summer (Swedish: Änglagård – andra sommaren) is a 1994 Swedish drama by Colin Nutley starring Helena Bergström Rikard Wolff Ron Dean and Ernst Günther. It is the second Swedish drama film about the mansion Änglagård (Angel Farm) located in a small isolated hamlet in Västergötland Sweden. The film premiered on 25 December 1994.
 Anderida peorinella is a species of snout moths in the genus Anderida. It was described by Blanchard and Knudson in 1985 and is known from Texas U.S.A.The length of the forewings is 8.1-11.2 mm for males and about 12.5 mm for females. The costal half of the forewing above the median vein is glossy yellowish white with brownish streaks in the intervenular spaces over the apical half.
 Micrathyria is a Neotropical genus of dragonflies. They are commonly known as Hyacinth Gliders. One species M. marcella occurs in North America. They are associated with floating plants especially Water Hyacinth or Water Lettuce.The genus contains only two species:Miathyria marcella (Selys in Sagra 1857) - Hyacinth GliderMiathyria simplex (Rambur 1842) - Dwarf Glider↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 ↑ 2.0 2.1 ↑ ↑
 Juliet is a novel by Danish American author Anne Fortier. It was first published in 2010 by Random House. It is said to be translated in more than 20 languages and published in about 50 countries.[citation needed]
 The Unibón River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Zen Shorts is a 2005 children's picture book by Jon J. Muth. The book was followed by Zen Ties in 2008.
 One Bayfront Plaza is a skyscraper approved for construction in the U.S. city of Miami Florida. If completed the building would stand at 1010 feet (308 m) with 80 floors becoming the tallest building in Miami and Florida. One Bayfront Plaza would primarily consist of offices and hotel space but also would include a retail mall condominiums and parking garage on the lower levels as well as possibly an observation deck at the top.
 The Kill-Off is an American crime novel by Jim Thompson first published in 1957 and reprinted by Vintage Crime/Black Lizard in 1999. The novel is a bleak tale of murder in a small dying resort town being torn apart by gossip racism incest (actual or alleged) alcoholism and financial difficulties. It was adapted into a film in 1990.
 Le Nouvelliste is a French-language daily newspaper printed in Port-au-Prince Haiti and distributed throughout the country particularly the capital and 18 of the country's major cities.The paper was founded in 1898 by Guillaume Chéraquit originally under the name Le Matin to become Le Nouvelliste fifteen months later. Printing was trusted to Chéraquit's friend Henri Chauvet. Today Le Nouvelliste is Haiti's oldest and largest daily newspaper.
 The Isaac Davis House is a historic house at 1 Oak Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The distinctive Italianate brick and brownstone house was built in 1870 by Isaac Davis (1799-1883) a prominent local lawyer and banker. The three story house has a low hipped roof with a modillioned and dentilled cornice and two similar main facades facing Oak Street and Elm Street.
 Behind The Player: John 5 is an Interactive Music Video featuring Rob Zombie guitarist John 5. Released on November 1 2008 by IMV the DVD features John 5 giving in-depth guitar lessons for how to play Let It All Bleed Out and The Lords of Salem by Rob Zombie and an intimate behind-the scenes look at his life as a professional musician including rare photos and video.
 Koźminek [kɔʑˈminɛk] is a village in Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Koźminek. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Kalisz and 118 km (73 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1800.
 The Peterson Patriot is the town newspaper for those residing in or near the town of Peterson Iowa. The paper plays a key role in communicating local news to the area's residents. The paper was started in 1880 and is still running as of March 2010.
 Chandragrohon (Bengali: চন্দ্রগ্রহণ) is a Bangladeshi film. The film was released 2008 and younger director Muraz Parvez first time directed the film. The film features Riaz Shohana Saba and Champa in lead roles along with Shahiduzzaman Selim KS Firoz Dilara Jaman Kohinur Gazi Rakayet and Azom Faruk supporting role. In 2008 the film won three National Film Awards and including other four awards.
 North River is a tributary of the Cacapon River belonging to the Potomac River and Chesapeake Bay watersheds. The river is located in Hampshire and Hardy counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle. The mouth of North River into the Cacapon is located at Forks of Cacapon. From its headwaters to its mouth the North River spans 52.4 miles (84.3 km) in length.
 The Right to Strike is a 1923 British silent drama film directed by Fred Paul and starring Lillian Hall-Davis Fred Paul and Campbell Gullan. It was based on a play by Ernest Hutchinson.
 Takashi Ohyama (大山喬史 Ōyama Takashi) has been the President of Tokyo Medical and Dental University since April 2008. He became a professor in their Stomatognathic dysfunction Department in May 1987 and Vice-President of the University in November 2005.
 Punjab Razorbelly Minnow (Salmophasia punjabensis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Salmophasia.
 Westfield Municipal Building is a historic building at 59 Court Street in Westfield Massachusetts. It presently houses the Westfield city offices and the local district court. It was built in 1889 to house the state normal school (now Westfield State University) serving in that role until its acquisition by the city in 1959. The building was designed by the architectural firm of Hartwell and Richardson. The second partner was William Cummings Richardson not H. H.
 The Manteca Bulletin is the newspaper of record and daily newspaper for Manteca California United States. The Bulletin has been published for nearly 100 years. Once locally owned the paper is now part of Morris Multimedia. The editor is Dennis Wyatt.
 Roy C. Afflerbach (born February 6 1945 in Allentown Pennsylvania) is an American lobbyist and former Pennsylvania state senator and Representative. He was Mayor of Allentown Pennsylvania the third largest city in Pennsylvania from 2002 to 2006. In December 2004 after a difficult year Afflerbach announced that he would not run for another term.
 The Canovanillas River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 So What! – A Tribute to The Anti-Nowhere League is a tribute album to the English punk rock band the Anti-Nowhere League. It consist of 18 tracks of various songs done in English and German.
 Tatei Ridge is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1912 Charles D. Walcott.
 The IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Computer Society.
 Akhnaton is a play by Agatha Christie. It was written in 1937 around the same time she was writing Death on the Nile. It is set in Ancient Egypt and followed the exploits of the Egyptian Pharaoh Akhnaton his wife Nefertiti and his successor Tutankhaton (who would take the name Tutankhamun when he became Pharaoh).
 Podlesie [pɔdˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Oleśnica 12 km (7 mi) south of Staszów and 60 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 196.
 Black Narcissus is an album by the group Mephista which comprises pianist Sylvie Courvoisier electronic artist Ikue Mori and percussionist Susie Ibarra which was released on the Tzadik label in 2002.
 Adrenalina 2 (Adrenaline 2) is the special edition of the second album Adrenalina by the Italian pop rock group Finley. It includes some new English versions of the previous songs (All I've Got My Blinded Eyes Just For You Driving To Nowhere and Drops Of Time). The cover is different as well.
 Katalin Ertsey (born 1966) is a Hungarian journalist and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Politics Can Be Different (LMP) National List since 2010.She is a member of the Committee on Consumer Protection since May 14 2010 and Committee on Foreign Affairs since March 7 2011.In April 2011 Ertsey said about the new constitution that its fails to account for the constantly-changing family patterns of the 21st century and the couples planning to have children at a future date or single-parent families have not been mentioned in the constitution. 
 The Geißstein sometimes also called the Gaisstein is a mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps with a height of 2366 m AA that straddles the border between the federal Austrian states of Tyrol and SalzburgThe Geißstein lies about seven kilometres southeast of Jochberg. To the east of it is the Vogelalmgraben a right-hand side valley of the Glemmtal. To the southeast is the Mühltal a left-hand valley of the Upper Pinzgau (Oberpinzgau).
 Hellinsia monteverda is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The wingspan is 23 mm. The forewings are ochreous with brown markings. The hindwings and fringes are brown‑grey. Adults are on wing in October.
 Maris the Chojo (ザ・超女 Za Sūpāgyaru) literally translated as The Supergal and originally titled Supergal in U.S. markets is a one shot manga story by Rumiko Takahashi. It ran in the October 1980 special edition of Shōnen Sunday and was later made into an anime OVA. The manga was later compiled in The Rumic World Trilogy books which are available in English from Viz Media.
 Gisel (Persian: گيسل‎ also Romanized as Gīsel and Gisal; also known as Kīseh and Kīsel) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 30 families.
 Aychi (Persian: آيچي‎ also Romanized as Āychī and Aichi; also known as Aitchi) is a village in Tamugheh Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 769 in 151 families.
 The Yale Alumni Magazine is an alumni magazine about Yale University. It was founded in 1891. It is independent from the university and is governed by a corporation Yale Alumni Publications Inc.The Magazine's statement of purpose approved on June 16 2003 says:
 Papam Pasivadu (Telugu: పాపం పసివాడు) is a 1972 Telugu film directed by V. Ramachandra Rao. It is remake of South African film Lost in the Desert (Dirkie) (1969) directed by Jamie Uys.
 The 32nd Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday of October and terms began on the first Tuesday in January. It met in Dover Delaware convening January 5 1808 two weeks before the beginning of the first year of the administration of Governor George Truitt.
 St John and the Holy Cross Church Cotebrook is located in Stable Lane Cotebrook Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican church in the parish of Tarporley the deanery of Malpas the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. It is a daughter church of St Helen Tarporley with St Thomas Eaton. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Raden Mohammad Marty Muliana Natalegawa more commonly known as Marty Natalegawa (born 22 March 1963 in Bandung West Java) is an Indonesian diplomat and the Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Second United Indonesia Cabinet.
 Adaina bernardi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Costa Rica and Mexico.The wingspan is about 15 mm. The head is scaled and brown although it is cream while between the basal segments of the antennae. These are also cream white. The forewings are pale yellow-white with brown markings and grey fringes. The underside is brown. The hindwings are brown grey with grey fringes. The underside is brown.Adults have been recorded in July August and December.
 Dunmore Cave (from Irish Dún Mór meaning great fort) is a limestone solutional cave in Ballyfoyle County Kilkenny Ireland. It is formed in Lower Carboniferous (Viséan) limestone of the Clogrenan Formation. It is a show cave open to the public particularly well known for its rich archæological discoveries and for being the site of a Viking massacre in 928.
 The Journal of Graph Theory is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal specializing in graph theory and related areas such as structural results about graphs graph algorithms with theoretical emphasis and discrete optimization on graphs. The scope of the journal also includes related areas in combinatorics and the interaction of graph theory with other mathematical sciences. It is published by John Wiley & Sons. The journal was established in 1977 by Frank Harary.
 Enter by the Twelfth Gate is the first solo album by Symphony X keyboardist Michael Pinnella.
 The Very Best of Peter Andre: The Hits Collection is the first compilation album released by singer Peter Andre containing hits from early in his career.
 Sartre Studies International is a journal published by Berghahn Books in association with the United Kingdom Sartre Society and North American Sartre Society and focuses on the philosophical literary and political issues originating in existentialism and explores the continuing vitality of existentialist and Sartrean ideas in contemporary society and culture.
 Coleophora legitima is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.The larvae feed on Climacoptera species. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 Hasanabad-e Belher (Persian: حسن ابادبلهر‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Belher) is a village in Belharat Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 751 in 209 families.
 Gira 2002 is a live concert DVD documenting Spanish rock band Extremoduro’s Gira 2002 (2002 Tour) released on 3 May 2004. The DVD includes footage from three concerts performed in 2002 in Leganés Lesaka and Bilbao.
 Espíritu Libre is the fifteenth studio album of Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario. It was released on September 3 1996.
 Fan Brycheiniog is the highest peak in the Black Mountain region of the Brecon Beacons National Park in South Wales.
 The Right Combination is Curtis Mayfield’s 1980 collaboration with disco singer Linda Clifford. Originally released on Curtom it was recorded in Chicago except It's lovin' time recorded in Philadelphia. The album was produced by Curtis Mayfield and Gil Askey except “Ain't No Love Lost” solely by Mayfield and “It's Lovin' Time (Your Baby's Home)” by Curtis Mayfield Norman Harris and Bruce Gray.
 The Shrinking of Treehorn is a book by Florence Parry Heide illustrated by Edward Gorey and first published in 1971. The main character in the book is Treehorn a young boy who begins shrinking in height after playing a strange board game. Treehorn's parents fail to notice.The sequel to this book is Treehorn's Treasure.
 Commophila nevadensis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Spain.The wingspan is about 21 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.
 Stephen Andrew Bennett (born 13 March 1964) is an Australian politician who is the Liberal National member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Burnett having won the seat at the 2012 state election.
 The James Noyes House built ca. 1646 is a historic First Period house at 7 Parker Street in Newbury Massachusetts USA.The house was built by the Reverend James Noyes a Reformed pastor who arrived in Newbury after landing in Ipswich in the mid-17th century. The Noyes family came from Wiltshire in England. The house dates from about 1646. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Paracles bilinea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Recilia trisuli is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to India.
 Bygdin is a lake in the Jotunheimen mountain range. Bygdin is regulated and its normal level lies between 1048 and 1057 meters above sea level. It has an area of 46 km². The lake is long 25 km but is narrow. The greatest depth is 215 m.Bygdin lies to the southeast in Jotunheim and north of the lake lies an area over 2000 m. Along the lake there are many tourist huts – on the west end lies Eidsbugarden on the north side lies Torfinnsbu and on the east side lies Bygdin turisthytte.
 Veeranjaneya (Telugu: వీరాంజనేయ) is a 1968 Telugu film directed by Kamalakara Kameswara Rao. It is a music film based on the life of Hindu God Anjaneya.
 Proozaena is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Proozaena cerdai Deuve 2005 Proozaena lata Deuve 2004 Proozaena nigricornis Deuve 2004 Proozaena parallela (Chaudoir 1848)↑
 Amorbia humerosana the White-lined Leafroller is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from the Gulf States to the north-eastern United States and south-eastern Canada.The length of the forewings is 11–13 mm for males and 12–13.5 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is dark grey the median and subterminal fasciae paler varying to a pale brown with a dark costal blotch. The hindwings are brown with a darker patch at the apex.
 De kalte ham Skarven (English: They called him Skarven) is a 1965 Norwegian drama film directed by Wilfred Breistrand and Erik Folke Gustavson starring Per Christensen and Liv Ullmann. The film is about a fisherman who has to face judgement on his life after an accident.
 Goč (Serbian Cyrillic: Гоч) is a mountainous area in central Serbia about 15 km south of the spa town of Vrnjačka Banja. Its highest peak Ljukten (Serbian Cyrillic: Љуктен) has an elevation of 1216 m (3990 ft) above sea level.Goč is a popular hiking and mountaneering destination and the village Goč is a small ski resort. The skiing area is equipped with a single-seater ski lift and the longest slope is 1500 m long and 40 m wide.
 Śmieciuchówka [ɕmjɛt͡ɕuˈxufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Przerośl 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Suwałki and 124 km (77 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Pârâul Înstelat is a tributary of the Valea Vițeilor River in Romania.
 Afro/American Sketches is a jazz album by Oliver Nelson recorded in late 1961 and released in 1962. It is his first big band album as a leader.
 Timothy Ferguson (born January 22 1955) was a Republican State Senator in Maryland.
 Zostaň (English: Stay) is the ninth solo album by Marika Gombitová released on Jumbo Records in 1994.
 Diachrysia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Charles Abbot 1st Baron Colchester PC FRS (14 October 1757 – 8 May 1829) was a British barrister and statesman. He served as Speaker of the House of Commons between 1802 and 1817.
 Mussa Azzan Zungu (born 25 May 1952) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Ilala constituency since 2005.
 St Andrew's Church is in a central position in the village of Sonning close to the River Thames in the English county of Berkshire. It is notable for its fine array of church monuments and for being the successor of an Anglo-Saxon Cathedral.
 Asian Babes is a British pornographic magazine still publishing as of 2012 which features depictions of women of South Asian Chinese Japanese and Thai origin.The magazine was owned by Richard Desmond's Northern and Shell publishing company until its sale in 2004 as part of a package of 45 titles to Remnant Media for a reported £20 million (approximately US$39 million).
 Edmond Spaho is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.
 Anna Lindh born Ylva Anna Maria Lindh (19 June 1957 – 11 September 2003) was a Swedish Social Democratic politician chairman of the Social Democratic Youth League from 1984 to 1990 and a member of parliament from 1982 to 1985 and 1998 to 2003.
 Anka Wachana (Quechua anka black-chested buzzard-eagle or eagle wacha birth to give birth -na a suffix where the black-chested buzzard-eagle is born or where the eagle is born hispanicized spelling Ancahuachana) or Mama Rosa is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru more than 4880 metres (16010 ft) high. It is situated in the Cusco Region Quispicanchi Province in the districts Camanti and Marcapata.
 The Shadow of Saganami is a science fiction novel by American writer David Weber published in 2004. Set in the Honorverse it has been billed as the first in the Saganami Island series spun off from the main Honor Harrington series. The book debuted at #16 on the New York Times hardcover fiction best seller list.It features Honor herself only in a cameo role: other characters from the novels and several short stories take centre stage.
 The Lighthouse Project officially named The Lighthouse at Long Island was a proposed transformation of the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum and the area surrounding it into a modern suburban area. The project was first introduced by New York Islanders owner Charles Wang. The base of the project was a newly renovated Coliseum for the New York Islanders to play in.
 All the Best is a compilation album by the band Stiff Little Fingers released in 1983.The album consists of the A- and B-sides of all the band's singles and EPs recorded and released between 1978 and 1983. It was originally released to coincide both with the release of the band's final single Price of Admission and with their two farewell shows which took place in February 1983.
 Kyawywa is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 The Gilded tube-nosed bat (Murina rozendaali) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It is found only in Malaysia.
 Abo is a pueblo ruin in New Mexico that is preserved in the Salinas Pueblo Missions National Monument.The Abó Ruins are located about 9 miles west of Mountainair at about 6100 feet (1859 m) above sea level. They are said to date back to the 1300s. It was a major trading station during its time.
 Juan Sánchez Ramírez (1762–1811) was a soldier and Dominican Captain general who ruled the Dominican Republic between 1808 and 1811.
 Saint James United Church (Église Unie Saint-James in French) is a heritage church in downtown Montreal Quebec. It is a Protestant church affiliated with the United Church of Canada. It is located at 463 Saint Catherine Street West between Saint Alexandre and City Councillors Streets (McGill Metro station) in the borough of Ville-Marie. It was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada in 1996.The Gothic Revival church was designed by Montreal architect Alexander Francis Dunlop.
 Mason Lake is a naturally occurring mountain lake located between Mount Defiance and Bandera Mountain near Snoqualmie Pass King County Washington. Accessible only by hike via the 3.4 mile-long Mason Lake Trail (also known as Ira Spring Memorial Trail) Mason Lake is at an elevation of 4200 feet
 Russells Hall Hospital is an NHS general hospital located in Dudley West Midlands England run by The Dudley Group NHS Foundation Trust.The hospital is situated south-west of the town centre on the A4101 road which connects to the Kingswinford area of the borough.
 Chmielew [ˈxmjɛlɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Magnuszew 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Láz (Příbram District) is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Cham-e Heydar (Persian: چم حيدر‎ also Romanized as Cham-e Ḩeydar; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Cham-e Ḩeyda) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 16 families.
 The National Museum of Brazil (Portuguese: Museu Nacional) is a centenarian museum and research institution located in the Quinta da Boa Vista park in the city of Rio de Janeiro Brazil.
 The Gila Valley of Graham County Arizona is a 35 mile (56 km) long valley in central Graham County Arizona. Thatcher and Safford Arizona lie upstream on the Gila River in the southeast beginning of the valley.The elevation of the river valley upstream at Safford is 2906 feet (886 m).The Gila Valley region along the river contains the most populated areas of the Safford micropolitan area.
 Słupy [ˈswupɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Tuchola and 56 km (35 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 The Phantom Empire is a 1935 American Western serial film directed by Otto Brower and B. Reeves Eason and starring Gene Autry Frankie Darro and Betsy King Ross. This 12-chapter Mascot Pictures serial combined the western musical and science fiction genres. The first episode is 30 minutes the rest about 20 minutes.
 Leptotyphlops septemstriatus or the Seven-striped blind snake is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Flies & Lies is the second release from the Italian melodic death metal band Raintime. It released in Japan on 21 March 2007 in Sweden United States Canada and the United Kingdom on 25 May and 28 May for the rest of Europe.
 Steve O'Ban is an American politician of the Republican Party. He serves as a member of the Washington Senate representing the 28th district. On June 5 2013 he was selected by the Pierce County Council to become a Washington State Senator upon the death of Mike Carrell. Senator O'Ban previously served as a member of the Washington State House of Representatives.
 Ruling Passion is a crime novel by Reginald Hill the third novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series. The novel opens with Detective Peter Pascoe arriving at what should have been a reunion of old friends. Instead he walks in on the scene of a grisly triple-murder. To solve the crime Pascoe needs both his superior officer Andy Dalziel and his romantic partner—and Dalziel's feminist antagonist—Elli.
 The Goddess of Doom is an EP by Finnish doom metal band Reverend Bizarre.
 Lake Mugesera is a lake in the Eastern Province Rwanda.The lake is in the Central Plateau southeast of Kigali.The lake is part of a complex of lakes and wetlands in a flat valley running in a SSE direction 35 kilometres (22 mi) wide.
 The Hôtel-Dieu de Paris (French pronunciation: ​[ɔtɛl djø də paʁi]) is regarded as the oldest hospital in the city of Paris France and is the most central of the Assistance publique - hôpitaux de Paris (AP-HP) hospitals. The hospital is associated with the Faculté de Médecine Paris-Descartes. It still resides on the bank of the Île de la Cité next to Notre-Dame connected to the Rive Gauche by the pont au Double.
 The Painted Bride Quarterly also known informally as PBQ is a Philadelphia-based literary magazine. It was established in 1973 by Louise Simons and R. Daniel Evans in connection with the Painted Bride Art Center an art gallery founded in 1969 in an old bridal shop on South Street in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The journal is now based in Drexel University in Philadelphia. It is staffed by a mix of volunteer editors and changing student staff.
 Soyang River is a river of South Korea. It is a river of the Han River system. This river has its source in Inje County Gangwon province.
 The Kuriyama River (栗山川 Kuriyama-gawa) is a river in northeast Chiba Prefecture Japan. It is 38.8 kilometers (24.1 mi) in length and has a drainage area of 292.3 square kilometers (112.9 sq mi) the second largest in Chiba Prefecture. Under the Rivers Act of 1906 the Kuriyama is designated as a Class 2 River. The Kuriyama is known as the southernmost river in Japan with a salmon run.
 Diwa: Studies in Philosophy and Theology (Diwa) is a refereed journal published twice a year by the Graduate Schools of Divine Word Seminary and Christ the King Mission Seminary in the Philippines. First published in 1976 Diwa is released every May and November. It features scholarly articles critical lectures book reviews and book notices by faculty members of Christ the King Seminary and Divine Word Seminary and other invited scholars.
 Miss Black and Her Friends is the debut EP by English electronic band Ladytron. It was released in December 1999 exclusively in Japan through Bambini label. All tracks but Miss Black would be later released on their 2001 debut album 604.
 The Bizușa River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Hafodunos Hall is a Gothic revival house located near the village of Llangernyw in Wales. Designed by Sir George Gilbert Scott it was built between 1861 and 1866 for Henry Robertson Sandbach replacing a house that had been built in 1674.
 Faryazan (Persian: فريازان‎ also Romanized as Faryāzān; also known as Fīryāzān) is a village in Hayaquq-e Nabi Rural District in the Central District of Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1401 in 352 families.
 il Firenze is an Italian local daily newspaper owned by the San Marino-based publishing company E Polis and based in Florence Italy. Although it is not a free newspaper 70% of copies are distributed free near very busy locations such as universities railway stations airports and shopping centres. The newspaper is also regularly sold in newsstands.
 The Arkansas Power and Light Building is a building in the city of Little Rock Arkansas. The building is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. Now also known as the Entergy Building it was the first office building in downtown Little Rock built in the International style.
 Solaris is a Canadian francophone science-fiction and fantasy magazine.Founded in 1974 in Longueuil (Québec) by Norbert Spehner Solaris is the oldest French language science-fiction and fantasy magazine in the world.[citation needed]
 Debt of Bones is a short novel by Terry Goodkind. It was first published in the October 1998 anthology Legends then later published as a stand alone book in hardcover in 2001 and in paperback in 2004.
 Nobody Else But You (French: Poupoupidou) is a 2011 French comedy film directed by Gérald Hustache-Mathieu.
 Death of a River Guide is a 1994 novel by Australian author Richard Flanagan. Death of a River Guide was Flanagan's first novel.
 Glipa balabacana is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1917.
 Losaria coon or Atrophaneura coon the Common Clubtail is a butterfly belonging to the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family. The butterfly belongs to the Clubtail genus Losaria. It includes several subspecies and is found from the Nicobar Islands and Assam in India east to Hainan in China and south through Indochina to Java and other islands of Indonesia.
 Questi pazzi pazzi italiani is a 1965 Italian musical film directed by Tullio Piacentini.
 The Gârbea River (Hungarian: Görbe-patak meaning Curved Creek) is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Admiral of the Fleet The Rt Hon. Alfred Ernle Montacute Chatfield 1st Baron Chatfield GCB OM KCMG CVO PC DL (27 September 1873 – 15 November 1967) was a Royal Navy officer. During the First World War he was present as Sir David Beatty's Flag-Captain at the Battle of Heligoland Bight in August 1914 at the Battle of Dogger Bank in January 1915 and at the Battle of Jutland in May 1916.
 Confessions of a Pop Group is the fourth studio album by the band The Style Council.
 Joe Carey (born 24 June 1975) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He has been a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Clare constituency since 2007.He was a member of Clare County Council from 1997 to 2007. He was educated at St. Flannan's College Ennis and Galway Institute of Technology. He is the son of Donal Carey former TD and Senator. He was elected to Dáil Éireann at the 2007 general election.
 Higravstinden or Higravstindan is the tallest mountain on the island of Austvågøya in the Lofoten archipelago. It is located on the border of the municipalities of Hadsel and Vågan in Nordland county Norway. The village of Laupstad and the European route E10 highway are located about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) west of the mountain and the village of Liland is located about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) southwest of the mountain. There is a glacier located on the east side of the mountain.
 Fort Augustus Abbey properly St. Benedict's Abbey at Fort Augustus Inverness-shire Scotland was a Benedictine monastery from late in the nineteenth century to 1998.
 Fischbach (Seckach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Graceham Moravian Church and Parsonage is a historic church building and parsonage located at 8231 Rocky Ridge Road MD 77 in Graceham east of Thurmont Frederick County Maryland. It is a two story Flemish bond brick church built in 1822 and covered with white stucco because of deteriorated masonry. The church was built as an addition to the adjacent meeting house and parsonage built in 1797.
 Phaegoptera punctularis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1855. It is found in Brazil.
 Hans van den Doel (January 18 1955 - September 22 2010) was a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He served as Mayor of Anna Paulowna from June 1 2009 until his death from pancreatic cancer on September 22 2010.
 John Chiang (Chinese: 江俊輝; pinyin: Jiāng Jùnhuī; born July 31 1962) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who has served as the California State Controller since January 8 2007. He previously served on the California Board of Equalization from 1997 to 2007. Chiang is running for California State Treasurer in 2014.
 The Legend of Bhagat Singh is a 2002 Indian historical biographical film about Bhagat Singh a freedom fighter who fought for Indian independence. It was directed by Rajkumar Santoshi and starred Ajay Devgan Sushant Singh and Ian Davies.
 Operation Cupid is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Charles Farrell Avice Landone and Wallas Eaton. A gang of criminals win a marriage agency during a card game and plan to use it to arrange a lucrative marriage for one of their gang to an extremely wealthy heiress. It was made at Twickenham Studios in west London for release as a supporting feature.
 Dr. Jesse Dickson Dick Mabon PC FRSA (1 November 1925 – 10 April 2008) was a Scottish politician physician and company director. He was the founder of The Manifesto Group of Labour MPs an alliance of moderate MPs against the perceived leftward drift of the Labour Party in the 1970s. He was a Labour Co-operative MP until October 1981 when he joined the Social Democratic Party. He left Parliament in 1983 and rejoined the Labour Party in 1991.
 Glen Echo is a historic plantation near Ellabelle Georgia United States. The house was built circa 1773 and is an early example of Plantation Plain style.Records show that the land of Glen Echo Plantation was granted in the colonial era through a King's grant to a member of the Bird family.
 Iru Sahodarargal (also spelled as Iru Sakodarargal; Tamil: இரு சகோதரர்கள்; English: Two Brothers) is a 1936 Tamil film directed by Ellis R. Dungan. This was the second film for M. G. Ramachandran (later Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu) and Dungan. This film cemented the reputation of Dungan as the most successful Tamil film director of that period. It is one of the earliest Tamil films to be set in a contemporary social setting.
 Notagogus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Spinout is a 1966 American musical film and comedy starring Elvis Presley as the lead singer of a band and part-time race car driver. The film was #57 on the year end list of the top-grossing films of 1966.
 Coquillettidia perturbans is a species of mosquito that have been documented in Africa Asia Australia Europe North America and South America. This mosquito is a known as a vector of West Nile virus and Eastern equine encephalomyelitis. The geographic range of Cq. perturbans is increasing due to the growing extensity of the feeding area and disease transmission of this species. They are known to exist throughout the United States mainly with a southern distribution and are mammalophilic.
 Somewhere in Time is a 1980 romantic science fiction film directed by Jeannot Szwarc. It is a film adaptation of the 1975 novel Bid Time Return by Richard Matheson who also wrote the screenplay. The film stars Christopher Reeve Jane Seymour Christopher Plummer Teresa Wright and Bill Erwin.Reeve plays Richard Collier a playwright who becomes smitten by a photograph of a young woman at the Grand Hotel.
 Santa Evita is a 1995 novel by the Argentine writer Tomás Eloy Martínez. In a blend of fact and fiction the novel focuses on the Argentine first lady Eva Perón and tracks her embalmed corpse after her death from cancer at age 33. The book became a bestseller in Argentina and has been widely translated. Worldwide it estimated to have sold 10 million copies which makes it one of the best-selling books of all time.
 Premier rendez-vous (US title: Her First Affair) is a 1941 French comedy film starring Danielle Darrieux. It was directed by Henri Decoin who co-wrote the screenplay with Michel Duran. During the Nazi occupation the film was made by Continental Films at Paris Studios Cinéma.
 Robert Jaskulski is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 The Ciurea River is a tributary of the Gârboveta River in Romania.
 Dicheros bicornis is a species of beetles belonging to the family Scarabaeidae subfamily Cetoniinae.
 Zdenka Kramplová (born 7 August 1957) was Minister of agriculture of Slovakia from 27 November 2007 until 18 August 2008 and former Foreign Minister of Slovakia from 1997 to 1998. She is a member of the People's Party - Movement for a Democratic Slovakia.Mrs. Kramplová studied agriculture in Plovdiv Bulgaria (1976–1981).
 The White-chinned Jacamar (Galbula tombacea) is a species of bird in the Galbulidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 Stewart Memorial Presbyterian Church now Redeemer Missionary Baptist Church is a Prairie School church in Minneapolis Minnesota in the Lyndale neighborhood. The Prairie School architecture was uncommon for use in churches. This church which has a flat roof and broad eaves but lacks a bell tower and other traditional church features was inspired by Frank Lloyd Wright's Unity Temple in Oak Park Illinois.
 St. Paul's German Evangelical Church was the first German Evangelical Church to be established in Louisville Kentucky USA. It was founded in 1836 by Reverend George Brandau.
 Let's Love While We Can is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the U.K. in 1980 by CBS Records.Let's Love While We Can was Williams' first album of new material since Andy (1976).
 Monte Forato is a mountain (1230 m) in the Alpi Apuane in Tuscany central Italy. It is formed by two peaks of similar altitude connected by a natural arch which has given the group its name (meaning Holed Mountain in Italian). The hole nearly circular in shape has a height of c. 12 m while the arch itself is some 8 m thick.
 Solar Hero is a 2012 Canadian documentary film directed by Matt Keay. The documentary follows Team Alberta (Alberta Solar Decathlon Project) as they journey to in the 2009 US DOE Solar Decathlon Competition in Washington DC in October 2009.
 Amstrad Action was a monthly magazine published in the United Kingdom which catered to owners of home computers from the Amstrad CPC range and later the GX4000 console.It was the first magazine published by Chris Anderson's Future Publishing which with a varied line-up of computing and non-computing related titles has since become one of the foremost magazine publishers in the UK.The publication often abbreviated to AA by staff and readers had the longest lifetime of any Amstrad magazine running from October 1985 until June 1995 and produced 117 issues in total. 
 Noble Edward Ellington II (born May 25 1942) is a wealthy cotton merchant from Winnsboro the seat of Franklin Parish in northeastern Louisiana who is former member of both houses of the Louisiana Legislature. He served as a Democrat in the state Senate from District 32 from 1996 to 2008. He was a member of the state House from District 20 from 1988 to 1996 and again from 2008-2012. On December 17 2010 near the end of his legislative career he switched his affiliation to Republican.
 Perstechnique is the fourth studio album by the Finnish industrial metal band Turmion Kätilöt released on 23 February 2011. Before the album the single IHMISIXSIXSIX was released digitally.
 The Keeline Building is located at 319 South 17th Street in downtown Omaha Nebraska. Completed in 1911 just before the neighboring Douglas County Courthouse the seven-story Keeline was designed by locally renowned architect John Latenser Sr..
 Songs to Burn Your Bridges By is the fourth album by rock band Project 86. Originally released independently in November 2003 on the band's own label Team Black the album was re-released on Tooth & Nail Records on June 1 2004. In addition to a slightly re-ordered track listing the re-release featured new artwork three previously unreleased songs and higher production quality.Only 5000 copies of the Team Black edition were pressed.
 Diana Reyna (born 1974) is the New York City Council Member who represents the 34th Council District which includes Williamsburg and Bushwick as well as Ridgewood in Queens USA. Council Member Reyna was born and raised in New York City. She attended the now closed Our Savior School (the former parochial school of Transfiguration Roman Catholic Church) in Williamsburg Saint Joseph High School in downtown Brooklyn and Pace University in Pleasantville New York.
 DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story commonly referred to as DodgeBall is a 2004 American sports comedy film produced by 20th Century Fox and Red Hour Productions written and directed by Rawson Marshall Thurber and starring Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller. The film focuses on a rivalry between the owners of Average Joe's a small gym and Globo-Gym a competing big-budget gym located across the street.
 Inside Scientology: How I Joined Scientology and Became Superhuman is a non-fiction book that takes a critical look at the Church of Scientology. It was written by Robert Kaufman and published in 1972 by Olympia Press. The book was the first to disclose secret Scientology materials. It was also published in 1972 in German and was the first extensive critical report on Scientology in German.The book has subsequently been revised in a 1995 edition entitled: Inside Scientology/Dianetics.
 I Hear a Rhapsody is the fourth studio album by jazz pianist Josh Nelson. It was released by Steel Bird Music on June 21 2009.
 San Diego Bay is a natural harbor and deepwater port located in San Diego County California near the US-Mexico border. The bay which is 12 miles (19 km) long and 1 to 3 miles (1.6 to 4.8 km) wide is the third largest of the three large protected natural bays on California's entire 840 miles (1350 km) long coastline after San Francisco Bay and Humboldt Bay.
 Hossam Eisa is an Egyptian politician and academic. He served as deputy prime minister and minister of higher education of Egypt from July 2013 until 1 March 2014.
 Choctawhatchee Bay is a bay in the Emerald Coast region of the Florida Panhandle. The bay located within Okaloosa and Walton counties has a surface area of 129 mi2 (334 km2). It is an inlet of the Gulf of Mexico connected to it through East Pass (also known as Destin Pass) and it connects to Santa Rosa Sound in Fort Walton Beach Florida with the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway entering it at this point. East Pass is the only outlet of the bay into the Gulf of Mexico.
 Performance (Quartet) 1979 is a live album by American composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded in Switzerland in 1979 and released on the hatART label. The album has also been issued as Performance 9/1/79 and Performance for Quartet.
 The Moran River is a 2.2-mile-long (3.5 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It begins at the outlet of Chain Lake just west of St. Ignace and flows west through Freschette Lake to Lake Michigan at West Moran Bay.
 Pizzo Arera is a mountain in the Orobie or Bergamo Alps of northern Italy. Its peak is 2512 meters above sea level and it is part of the ridge that divides Val Seriana from Val Brembana. The town of Roncobello is nearby. Fossils can be found on some ridges.It is the largest in a group of four mountains that surround Zambla Alta.
 The Pardo River (Bahia) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Grutas de García (Garcia Caves) are located 9 kilometers outside the small town of García Nuevo León in northern Mexico about 30 km from Monterrey. The caves are inside the famous mountain El Fraile within the Cumbres de Monterrey National Park. Cerro del Fraile reaches 1080 meters above sea level and towers 750 meters over the main access road. The entrance to the caves is located on the side of Cerro del Fraile.
 The Apalachicola Fort Site is an archaeological site near Holy Trinity Alabama United States. Spain established a wattle and daub blockhouse here on the Chattahoochee River in 1690 in an attempt to maintain influence among the Lower Creek Indians. These tribes had rejected Spanish missionaries and were trading with the English. The fort was used for one year and then destroyed by the Spanish when they abandoned the site. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.
 Ten Years of Harmony is an official double album compilation album released by The Beach Boys in 1981 and spanning their entire Brother Records-era up to that point (1970–80) including some unreleased or rare material. Although the song Darlin' was recorded in 1967 while at Capitol Records the version on Ten Years of Harmony is a live version recorded in 1973 for the album The Beach Boys in Concert.The Beach Boys had more or less splintered in 1981.
 MacWEEK was a controlled-circulation weekly Apple Macintosh trade journal based in San Francisco founded by Michael Tchong John Anderson Glenn Patch Dick Govatski and Michael F. Billings. It featured a back-page rumor column penned by the pseudonymous Mac the Knife.Founded in 1987 it was acquired by Ziff-Davis in 1988. In 1998 as part of a strategy change the print publication was relaunched as eMediaWeekly which caused a number of its existing sponsors to withhold their advertising.
 Arbatan (Persian: اربطان‎ also Romanized as Arbaţān; also known as Arabatan) is a village in Bedevostan-e Gharbi Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2824 in 670 families.
 Xylorycta assimilis is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in Australia.
 La cambiale is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque.
 Al Pscholka (born September 6 1960) is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives first elected in November 2010. He is currently serving in his first term representing Michigan's 79th House district. In November 2012 he was re-elected to serve another term during which he will be the Majority Caucus Chair for the Republican Caucus.Pscholka has a bachelors degree from Western Michigan University.
 Pinoy Weekly is an online and print newsmagazine in the Philippines. It is published by PinoyMedia Center a newly established non-government organization devoted to democratizing the practice of journalism in the country. It focuses on investigative stories that concern what it terms as the underreported sectors of Philippine society: peasants workers overseas Filipinos youth indigenous people and women.
 The Quiet is a 2005 American drama-thriller film directed by Jamie Babbit and starring Camilla Belle and Elisha Cuthbert.
 Sayyidat al-Qasr (Arabic: سيدة القصر‎ English: Lady of the Palace) is a 1958 Egyptian romance film starring Faten Hamama and Omar Sharif. The film is directed by the Egyptian film director Kamal El Sheikh and written by Hussein Helmy Almohandes.
 Usually called Bocuse or Paul Bocuse L'Auberge du Pont de Collonges is a restaurant in Collonges-au-Mont-d'Or near Lyon France. The chef is Paul Bocuse.The restaurant is rated as a 3-Michelin-star restaurant but has been accused by some patrons of being dated and relying on the reputation of Paul Bocuse rather than the quality of its food. For some the restaurant run by multiple Meilleur Ouvrier de France it is still the temple of classical French cooking.
 The Ficke Block is an historic building located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The structure is immediately adjacent to the Henry Berg Building which is also listed on the NRHP.
 Raitalawela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The Underpainter is a novel by Jane Urquhart that won the 1997 Governor General's Award for English-language fiction and in the same year was a finalist for the Rogers Writers' Trust Fiction Prize.The story takes place mainly in Canada and the United States in the early years of the 20th century.
 Jerry P. Lanier is Acting Coordinator of the Bureau of Counterterrorism at the Department of State. He is a former Ambassador from the United States of America to the Republic of Uganda. He is a career diplomat with the Department of State.
 Bear Peak at 9525 feet (2903 m) above sea level is a peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest in Blaine County. It is located about 4.6 mi (7.4 km) east of Baker Peak. No roads or trails go to the summit.
 Yamagata Castle (山形城 Yamagata-jō) is a flatland-style Japanese castle located in the center of the city of Yamagata eastern Yamagata Prefecture Japan. Throughout the Edo period Yamagata Castle was the headquarters for the daimyō of Yamagata Domain. The castle was also known as Ka-jō (霞城). The castle grounds are protected as a National Historic Site by the Japanese government.
 L'etoile du nord (English: The North Star) is a 1982 French film directed by Pierre Granier-Deferre and based on a novel by Georges Simenon starring Simone Signoret Philippe Noiret Fanny Cottençon and Julie Jézéquel. It won a César Award for Best Writing and Best Supporting Actress and was nominated for Best Actress Most Promising Actress and Best Editing.
 Niphargus tatrensis is a troglobitic species of crustacean in the family Niphargidae living in the karst waters of Austria the Czech Republic Hungary Poland and Slovakia. It can be found in caves and also in karst springs and in wells in the karstic areas.Niphargus tatrensis was discovered in 1887 by August Wrześniowski in a well in Zakopane and described by him in 1888. The specific epithet comes from the Tatra Mountains.
 Amersham Museum is a small local museum based in Amersham Buckinghamshire England. It is located on the High Street in Old Amersham.The museum is located in a 15th-century half-timbered house with a herb garden to the rear and covers local history. It has collections of fossils and archaeological finds including objects from Roman and mediaeval times and displays on local crafts including chairmaking lace making and straw plait. It originally opened to the public in 1991.
 Images of Liberation (Danish: Befrielsesbilleder) is a 1982 Danish drama film directed by Lars von Trier. The story is set in Copenhagen during World War II and follows a German officer who visits his Danish mistress the days after the occupation of Denmark has ended. The film was Trier's graduation film from the National Film School of Denmark. It became the first ever Danish school film to receive regular theatrical distribution.
 Jongno Tower (Hangeul: 종로 타워) is a 33-story office building in Jongno Seoul. Its top floor is equipped with a restaurant and bar which is famous for its view of Jongno and other areas of Seoul. The tower is located near Jonggak Station of Seoul Subway Line 1. The 23rd to 30th floors are hollow. The hangeul lettering is 삼성증권 (Samsung Securities) the owner of the building. It was designed by Rafael Viñoly Architects and built in 1999. Its height is 132 meters.
 Hoka! is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Poul Anderson and Gordon Dickson. It was first published by Wallaby in 1983. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantasy and Science Fiction and Analog Science Fiction and Fact.
 The Glogghüs is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Obwalden and Bern. On its northern side it overlooks the Melchsee and the village of Melchsee-Frutt.
 Shivesh Kumar is a current member of the Legislative Assembly in the state of Bihar India. A member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) he was elected in the Bihar legislative assembly election 2010. He was elected to the constituency of Agiaon.
 John Young Mason (April 18 1799 – October 3 1859) was an American politician diplomat and United States federal judge.
 Chociwel [xɔˈt͡ɕivɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Strzelin and 37 kilometres (23 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Chronicle of the Years of Fire (Arabic: وقائع سنين الجمر‎ translit. Chronique des Années de Braise) is a 1975 Algerian film directed by Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina. It depicts the Algerian War of Independence as seen through the eyes of a peasant.The film won the Palme d'Or prize at the 1975 Cannes Film Festival. It was also selected as the Algerian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 48th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Salado Springs Salamander (Eurycea chisholmensis) is a candidate species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to the vicinity of Salado Texas United States.Its natural habitat is freshwater springs. It has been found only from a few springs that feed Salado Creek in Bell County Texas United States. These springs were important along the historical Chisholm Trail from which the name of the species is derived.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Wanaty [vaˈnatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienica Polska within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Częstochowa and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 667.
 The Third Precinct Police Station (or Hunt Street Station) is a former police station located at 2200 Hunt Street (at Gratiot Avenue) in Detroit Michigan. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Guilty is a remix single by Gravity Kills released by TVT Records. It also includes the album version of the song and tracks 6 and 7 include both the remix by tomandandy and the demo version of Goodbye.The Juno Reactor remix of the song was featured in the Stanley Cup FMV sequence in NHL '99 and featured in the film Beowulf.
 Killing on Adrenaline is the second album by the Maryland USA technical death metal band Dying Fetus. The technical guitar riffs began on this release a trait that evolved and progressed even more on later albums.Kill Your Mother/Rape Your Dog was a deceptively-titled joke-song about the band's standpoint on mainstream music.The album was released by Morbid Records of Germany in 1998 as a one-album deal.
 Petersburg (Russian: Петербургъ Peterburg) is the title of Andrei Bely's masterpiece a Symbolist[citation needed] work that foreshadows Joyce's Modernist ambitions.[citation needed] First published in 1913 and For various reasons the novel never received much attention and was not translated into English until 1959 by John Cournos over 45 years after it was written after Joyce was already established as an important writer.
 Dieida judith is a species of moth of the Cossidae family. It is found in Israel where it is known from the northern Negev.Adults have been recorded on wing in March in Israel.
 McAuslan in the Rough is a collection of short stories by George MacDonald Fraser featuring a young Scottish soldier named Dand MacNeill. It is a sequel to The General Danced at Dawn and concerns life in a Highland Division after the end of the Second World War.It is slightly more comical in tone than that first collection. It ends with Lieutenant MacNeill and his nemesis Private MacAuslan being discharged from the army on the same day.
 The Übelsberg is a 651.3 metre high mountain in the South Harz which lies southwest of Sieber in the district of Osterode am Harz in Lower Saxony. It sits astride the watershed between the Grade Lutter and the Krumme Lutter rivers. The mountain is linked via a ridge to the Aschentalshalbe in the north and the Mittelberg in the south.
 James Manager is a Nigerian senator who represents the People's Democratic Party in the Delta South Senatorial District of Delta State. He became a Senator in 2007.
 The Fizeș River (Hungarian: Füzes) is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Danny Pieters (born 13 October 1956 in Uccle) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. He was elected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2010. He was the 33rd President of the Belgian Senate from July 2010 until October 2011.He obtained a doctorate in law in 1985.
 Lophoceps is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 Todd Crag is a hill and a satellite peak of Loughrigg Fell at 224 m (735 ft) it is not classed as a fell but is a vantage point near Ambleside
 The Marina Bay Cruise Centre Singapore (also known as the International Cruise Terminal and abbreviated as MBCCS) is a new cruise terminal in Singapore which is located at Marina South next to the Marina South Pier. The S$500 million terminal began constructing in October 2009 and completed on May 22 2012. It received its first ship the Voyager of the Seas on 26 May 2012. The official opening ceremony of MBCCS was on October 22 2012.The terminal is operated by SATS-Creuers Cruise Services.
 Roztoky (Rakovník District) is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 General Tobias Joaquim Dai (born November 25 1950) is the former Minister of National Defence of Mozambique. He took office on January 17 2000 and was replaced by Filipe Nhussi in March 2008.Dai is the brother-in-law of President Armando Guebuza.
 Turbonilla arta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Denis J. O'Sullivan (5 March 1918 – 20 July 1987) was an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at his second attempt at the 1951 general election. He served as a Fine Gael Teachta Dála (TD) for various Cork constituencies until losing his seat at the 1965 general election. He served in the Second Inter-Party Government of John A. Costello as Government Chief Whip.
 The Urantia Book (sometimes called the Urantia Papers or The Fifth Epochal Revelation) is a spiritual and philosophical book that originated in Chicago sometime between 1924 and 1955.
 Mount Barnard is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It is the 30th highest peak in Alberta and the 42nd highest peak in British Columbia. It was named in 1924 after Sir Frank Stillman Barnard a Lieutenant Governor of BC during the 1910s. It should not be confused with the higher Californian peak of the same name.
 The Imposter is a 2012 British-American documentary film about the 1997 case of the French confidence trickster Frédéric Bourdin who impersonated Nicholas Barclay a Texas boy who disappeared at the age of 13 in 1994. The film includes interviews with Bourdin and members of Barclay's family as well as archive television news footage and reenacted dramatic sequences.
 Dobrićevo Monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Добрићево) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery built in the first half of 13th century in the Kingdom of Serbia (modern-day Republic of Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina). The building was originally built by the river Trebišnjica and moved in 1964 to the village Orah in the municipality of Bileća because its original location was flooded after hydro power plant near Bileća was completed in 1965.
 Red China Blues: My Long March from Mao to Now is a 1996 book by Chinese-Canadian journalist Jan Wong. Wong describes how the youthful passion for left-wing and socialist politics drew her to participate in the Chinese Cultural Revolution. Speaking little Chinese she became one of the first Westerners to enroll in Beijing University in 1972.However her idealism did not survive the harsh realities and hypocrisy she saw in the China of the 1970s and she abandoned her support of Maoism.
 Blackout is the third studio album by American punk rock band Hed PE. Released on March 18 2003 Blackout peaked at #33 on the Billboard 200 while its title track peaked at #21 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and at #32 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart. A second single Other Side peaked at #40 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The album also peaked at #102 in the United Kingdom.
 Briggs Reservoir is a 28-acre (110000 m2) reservoir in Plymouth Massachusetts located in the Manomet section of town south of Shallow Pond southwest of Manomet Beach northwest of Vallerville and northeast of Morey Hole. Indian Brook flows through the reservoir. There are two unnamed islands in the reservoir. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish in the reservoir.
 The Studio Museum in Harlem located at 144 West 125th Street between Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard and Lenox Avenue in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan New York City is an American contemporary art museum which is devoted to the work of African-Americans artists of the 19th and 20th centuries. Founded in 1968 it was the first such museum in the United States.
 Fireworks: Nine Profane Pieces (aka Fireworks: Nine Stories in Various Disguises or Fireworks) is an anthology of short fiction by Angela Carter. It was first published in the United Kingdom in 1974 by Quartet Books Ltd. and contains a collection of stories several of which are based on Carter's own experiences of living in Japan from 1969 to 1971.
 The Zărzag River is a tributary of the Şoimu River in Romania.
 The Museum of Fine Arts Berne established in 1879 is the oldest art museum in Switzerland with a permanent collection. Its holdings run from the Middle Ages to contemporary art.It houses works by Paul Klee Pablo Picasso Ferdinand Hodler Meret Oppenheim or Ricco Wassmer. The collection consists of over 3000 paintings and sculptures as well as 48000 drawings prints photographs videos and films.
 Jawbreaker is a 1999 American black comedy film written and directed by Darren Stein. The film stars Rose McGowan Rebecca Gayheart Julie Benz and Judy Greer as girls in an exclusive clique in their high school. Charlotte Ayanna has a non-speaking cameo role as a murdered prom queen. The film was inspired by the infamous movie Heathers and is often compared to it particularly the plot involving a popular female clique and the accidental murder of one of its members.
 The Tauanui River is a river of the South Wairarapa District of the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest from its source in the Aorangi Range to reach the Ruamahanga River close to the southern end of Lake Wairarapa.
 Eupithecia bivittata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in coastal central California.The wingspan is about 19–20 mm. The forewings are brownish with practically no trace of maculation except for a small black discal dot and two variably distinct whitish subterminal lines. The hindwings are light ochreous with smoky shading along the inner margin.
 Cima Tosa is a mountain in the Brenta group (It.: Dolomiti di Brenta) a subgroup of the Rhaetian Alps in the Italian Region of Trentino-Alto Adige with a reported height of (3173 metres (10410 ft)) With this altitude the prominence of Cima Tosa would amount up to 1521 meters above the reference point at Passo Carlo Magno near Madonna di Campiglio at 1652 meter. Cima Tosa therefore qualifies as one of Europe's Ultra Prominent Peaks.
 Phryganopsis is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Sudaste is a village in Mäksa Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Dharma Yuddam is a 1979 Tamil film directed by R. C. Sakthi a close associate of Kamal Hassan. It stars Rajinikanth and Sridevi in the lead.
 Hoàng Trĩ is a commune (xã) and village in Ba Bể District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Sixteen Tons is the second release by the band Weedeater. Two songs from the album Woe's Me and Kira May found the band abandoning their traditional style of playing in favor of a more acoustic approach. Weedeater also paid tribute to the late Dale Earnhardt with the song #3 which features the band playing over television broadcasts of Earnhardt's races.
 The Gen. Robert Bullock House is a historic home in Oklawaha Florida United States. It is located at the junction of Southeast 119th Court and Southeast 128 Place. On July 13 1993 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Kamień [ˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernichów within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Czernichów and 26 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1300.
 Happiness is a 1998 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Todd Solondz that portrays the lives of three sisters their families and those around them.
 Alekere is a village in Avinurme Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Sir Boshan Wei Yuk CBE (1849 – 16 December 1921) was a prominent Hong Kong businessman and member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.
 Malczkowo [malt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ] (German Malzkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Potęgowo 24 km (15 mi) east of Słupsk and 82 km (51 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 504.
 The Plaza Apartments is a historic five-story apartment building located in the Central neighborhood of Cleveland Ohio United States. Built in 1901 it was designed by the architectural firm of Steffens Searles & Hirsh which built many middle-class apartment buildings in the Cleveland era around the turn of the twentieth century. It features a primarily brick facade; stone appears in the exterior and the foundation is stone.
 Spin the Bottle is a 2000 American film. Childhood friends meet up for a reunion.
 Golden Ivory is a 1954 British adventure film shot in Kenya. It was directed by George P. Breakston and starred Robert Urquhart John Bentley and Susan Stephen. In the 1890s British pioneers settle in Kenya.
 Lee Hae-chan (born July 10 1952) is a former Prime Minister of South Korea. He was nominated by president Roh Moo-hyun on June 8 2004 confirmed by the National Assembly on June 29 and took office on June 30. He is a member of the liberal Uri Party and was elected five times for the National Assembly.
 Near Death is an ongoing comic book series created by Jay Faerber with artist Simone Guglielmini. Image Comics began publishing it in September 2011. The series went on hiatus following the eleventh issue in September 2012.The story follows a former hitman who attempts to atone for his misdeeds after a near death experience shows him a vision of Hell.
 The River Petteril is a river running through the English county of Cumbria.The source of the Petteril is near Penruddock and Motherby from where the young river runs northeast through Greystoke Blencow and Newton Reigny before passing under the M6 motorway after which the river turns north and the motorway roughly follows the course of the river towards Carlisle.Having reached Carlisle the Petteril runs a course through the south east of Carlisle dividing the suburbs of Harraby Upperby and Botcherby before joining the River Eden on its journey to the Solway Firth.
 Delaplaine McDaniel School is a historic school building located in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1935-1937. It is a three-story 16 bay yellow brick building in the Art Deco-style. It features three zigzag brick and limestone panels brick pilasters with stepped capitals and entrances with limestone pilasters.
 At Twelve: Portraits of Young Women is a 1988 photography book by Sally Mann. The book is published by Aperture and contains 37 duotone images of 12-year-old girls. The girls are the children of friends and relatives of Mann in her home state Virginia. Unlike Mann's later work the images within the book do not feature nudity. The book is dedicated to Mann's husband Larry.
 Live at the Budokan is a two-disc live album by British band Blur recorded during the 1995 tour for their album The Great Escape at the Budokan on 8 November 1995. Two songs performed at concert that didn't make the cut for the album can be found on the Japanese single It Could Be You: Charmless Man (originally performed before Jubilee) and Chemical World (originally performed before Coping).
 Hypancistrus inspector is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it occurs in the upper Negro Casiquiare and upper Orinoco River basins. This species grows to a length of 12.59 centimetres (4.96 in) SL.
 Best Kept Secret is the third studio album by singer Jennifer Paige. It was released on April 25 2008 in Germany and selected European countries. The first single was Wasted the second single was Underestimated and the third single was The Calling. The album was re-released as a deluxe edition on November 20 2009 featuring a few new songs including the new single Beautiful Lie with Nick Carter.
 Eduard Kukan (born 26 December 1939) served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Slovakia from 1998 to 2006. He was a candidate in the presidential election held on 3 April 2004 and although pre-election polls had suggested he would come in first he actually came in third behind former prime minister Vladimír Mečiar and Ivan Gašparovič thus preventing him from contesting the run-off.
 Burt Lake is a 17120 acre (69 km²) lake in Cheboygan County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The western shore of the lake is on the boundary with Emmet County. The lake is named after William Austin Burt who together with John Mullett made a federal survey of the area from 1840 to 1843. The lake is approximately 10 miles (16 km) long from north to south about 5 miles (8 km) at its widest and 73 feet (22 m) at its deepest.
 Logan Fontenelle (May 6 1825 – July 16 1855) also known as Shon-ga-ska (White Horse) was a trader of French and Omaha ancestry who served for years as an interpreter to the US Indian agent at the Bellevue Agency in Nebraska. He was especially important during the negotiations with Omaha leaders in 1853-1854 about ceding land to the United States prior to settlement on a reservation.
 Howard Robert Swearer (March 13 1932 – October 19 1991) was a U.S. educator. He served as the sixth president of Carleton College serving from 1970–1977 and the 15th president of Brown University between 1977 and 1988. His death from cancer shocked and saddened the Brown community as few knew about it in advance.
 Zulu Dawn is a 1979 war film about the historical Battle of Isandlwana between British and Zulu forces in 1879 in South Africa. The screenplay was by Cy Endfield from his book and Anthony Story. The film was directed by Douglas Hickox. The score was composed by Elmer Bernstein.Zulu Dawn is a prequel to Zulu released in 1964 which depicts the historical Battle of Rorke's Drift later the same day and was written and co-directed by Cy Endfield.
 The Big-scale pomfret Taractichthys longipinnis is a species of pomfret found in the Atlantic ocean at depths down to 500 metres (1600 ft). This species reaches a length of up to 100 centimetres (39 in) SL. This species is of minor importance to the commercial fisheries industry.From Ireland there are only two records of this fish. The last being from Co. Wicklow.
 The Nancy River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. A tributary of the Ahaura River it flows generally southwest from its source to the west of Mount Hochstsetter in the Southern Alps turning west shortly before its outflow 15 kilometres southeast of Lake Hochstetter.
 The Museum of Apollonia or Fier Archaeological Museum is an archaeological museum approximately 8 km (5.0 mi) west of Fier Albania. It was established in 1958. The museum contains artifacts unearthed nearby from the ancient Greek town of Apollonia and is close to the Ardenica Monastery.
 Andropolia extincta was a species of moth in the Noctuidae family but is now considered a synonym of Andropolia contacta. It was recorded from the northeastern parts of the United States including Michigan and New Hampshire.
 Prof. László Iván (born May 9 1933) is a Hungarian psychiatrist neurologist geriatrician academic and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County Regional List since 2010. He was also Member of Parliament from Fidesz National List between 2006 and 2010.
 Samba in Berlin (Portuguese: Samba em Berlim) is a 1943 Brazilian musical comedy film directed by Luiz de Barros and starring Mesquitinha Laura Suarez and Dercy Gonçalves. It was part of the popular tradition of Chanchadas aiming to poke fun at Nazi Germany with whom Brazil was now at war.
 We're Not Dressing is a 1934 screwball musical comedy directed by Norman Taurog. Based on the 1902 J. M. Barrie play The Admirable Crichton the film is about a beautiful yacht owner (Carole Lombard) who becomes stranded on an island with her socialite friends a wacky husband-and-wife research team (George Burns and Gracie Allen) and a singing sailor (Bing Crosby). The supporting cast includes Ethel Merman and Ray Milland.
 Kanal III C is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Nicolas Girard (born June 5 1972 in Montreal Quebec) is a politician in Quebec Canada and member of the National Assembly of Quebec. He was elected to the National Assembly in a by-election as a Parti Québécois member on September 20 2004 in riding of Gouin in the Montreal region.
 Pseudocomotis serendipita is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Chenaran (Persian: چناران‎ also Romanized as Chenārān; also known as Ḩoseynkhān) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 55 families.
 Every Picture Tells a Story is the third album by Rod Stewart released in the middle of 1971. Its incorporates hard rock folk and blues styles. It went to number one on both the UK and U.S. charts and finished third in the Pazz & Jop critics' poll for best album of 1971.
 Lion of Senet is a fantasy novel written by Australian author Jennifer Fallon. It is the first in a trilogy titled the Second Sons.
 Terry Mills (born October 12 1950) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 24 since the February 2010 Special election to fill the vacancy caused by the election of Representative Jimmy Higdon to the Kentucky Senate.
 Somos Gitanos is the tenth studio album by the Gipsy Kings. It was released in 2001 in the US Mexico and Japan with different song orders.The Mexican release has the bonus song One Love written by Bob Marley.The Japanese release also has the bonus song One Love written by Bob Marley as well as the songs Inspiration and Volare that appeared on Gipsy Kings and Mosaïque respectively.
 Aelita (Russian: Аэлита) also known as Aelita: Queen of Mars is a silent film directed by Soviet filmmaker Yakov Protazanov made at the Mezhrabpom-Rus film studio and released in 1924. It was based on Alexei Tolstoy's novel of the same name.
 Aşıkoğlu is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Journey of a Red Fridge is a 2007 documentary film about 17-year-old porter Hari Rai working in the Himalayan Mountains of Nepal. It was directed by Lucian and Natasa Muntean (aka Lunam Docs) a Serbian independent documentary production duo specializing in telling the stories of working children. Journey of a Red Fridge was produced in association with The Global Fund for Children.
 Byczeń [ˈbɨt͡ʂɛɲ] (German: Baitzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec Ząbkowicki within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Kamieniec Ząbkowicki 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 69 kilometres (43 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 The Arroio Grande (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lieutenant-Colonel Lord William Charles Augustus Cavendish-Bentinck (3 October 1780 – 28 April 1826) known as Lord Charles Bentinck was a British soldier and politician and a great-great-grandfather of Queen Elizabeth II.
 1310 G Street is a high-rise skyscraper building located in Washington D.C. United States. Its construction was completed in 1992. With its completion the building rose to 154 feet (47 m) and featured 12 floors with 59652 m² in total floor area. The architect of the building was Skidmore Owings & Merrill who designed the postmodern architectural style of the building. The high-rise serves as an office building.
 Lipniku is a village in Iisaku Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 The Castle of São Jorge (Portuguese: Castelo de São Jorge; Portuguese pronunciation: [kɐʃˈtɛlu dɨ sɐ̃w̃ ˈʒɔɾʒ(ɨ)]) is a Moorish castle occupying a commanding hilltop overlooking the historic centre of the Portuguese city of Lisbon and Tagus River. The strongly fortified citadel dates from medieval period of Portuguese history and is one of the main tourist sites of Lisbon.
 Kovačevci (Cyrillic: Ковачевци) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pothunuru (Telugu: పోతునూరు) is a village in Denduluru mandal of West Godavari district Andhra Pradesh India.
 The Great River (Jamaica) is one of Jamaica's major rivers and forms the boundary of the parish of St James with Westmoreland and Hanover.
 Zhang Zhijun (Chinese: 张志军; pinyin: Zhāng Zhìjūn) is a politician in the People's Republic of China. He currently serves as the Minister of Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council since 17 March 2013.
 Night of the Grizzlies is a book published in 1969 by author Jack Olsen which details events of August 13 1967 when two young women were separately attacked in Glacier National Park Montana by grizzly bears. Both women Julie Helgeson 19 of Albert Lea Minnesota and Michele Koons 19 of San Diego California died of their injuries.
 Joseph-Théophile Larochelle (November 19 1877 – October 8 1954) was a politician of Quebec Canada and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec (MLA).
 Daniel R. Brady of Cleveland Ohio is an American politician of the Democratic party. Brady holds a bachelor of arts degree in history and political science from Ohio University. An early staff member of Ohio Citizen Action Brady was a member of the Cleveland city council from 1986 to 1996. Brady was elected to the Ohio House of Representatives in 1996 and served one term. He was elected to the Ohio Senate in 1998. In 2001 he was elected Senate minority whip by the Democratic caucus.
 Dante Santoni Jr. (born September 1 1960) is former a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives representing the 126th Legislative District since 1993. The district is located in Berks County covering Alsace Township Laureldale Lower Alsace Township Mount Penn Muhlenberg Township and St. Lawrence and parts of Exeter Township and Reading.
 Lubochenek [lubɔˈxɛnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Lubochnia 12 km (7 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Tulsi Peeth edition of the Ramcharitmanas is a critical edition of the Ramcharitmanas edited by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya and published by the Tulsi Peeth. It has more than 3000 differences compared to the popular editions of the scripture.In November 2009 a controversy arose over this edition in Ayodhya when the Akhil Bharatiya Akhara Parishad and Ram Janmabhoomi Nyas demanded an apology from Rambhadracharya over the Tulsi Peeth edition accusing him of tampering with the epic.
 Le Guérisseur (English: The Faith healer) is a French drama film from 1953 directed by Yves Ciampi written by Jacques-Laurent Bost starring Dieter Borsche and Jean Marais. The film was known under the title Der Arzt und das Mädchen (Austria/Germany) De wonderdokter (Belgium) Flickan och polisen (Sweden).
 Suburban Rock 'N' Roll is the third (fourth if you count the unreleased Love You More than Football) studio album by Space released on 8 March 2004. It is their first proper album release since 1998's Tin Planet.
 The Best of Shaggy is the third compilation album released by Jamaican rapper Shaggy. The album was released through joint agreement between EMI and Virgin Records. The album was released on August 4 2008. The album includes material from his first four albums as well as his collaboration with Maxi Priest from his album Man With The Fun. As Shaggy's later releases were under a different record label EMI and Virgin did not hold the right to release tracks from them.
 Dr. Erzsébet Lanczendorfer (born 20 January 1942) is a Hungarian physician and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz–KDNP Győr-Moson-Sopron County Regional List since 2006.
 Larrun (modern French: La Rhune IPA: [la'run] - 'good pasture' possibly a folk etymology in French until the 20th century: Larhune ) is a mountain (905 m) at the western end of the Pyrenees. It is located on the border of France and Spain where the traditional Basque provinces of Labourd and Navarra meet. Its prominence is 670 m.Larrun holds an iconic place in Basque culture.
 The central stoneroller (Campostoma anomalum) is a fish in the family Cyprinidae endemic to the United States.
 Facing the Music is a 1933 British musical film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Stanley Lupino Jose Collins and Nancy Brown. It is also known by the alternative title Jewel Song.
 Vadlur is a village in Bejjanki mandal Karimnagar district Andhra Pradesh India.It is located at Latitude: 11.55 / Longitude: 79.55
 Lewis-Gale Medical Center is a hospital in Salem Virginia USA. The hospital has 521 beds and is part of Hospital Corporation of America.
 The Cape of Good Hope is a 2004 South African comedy drama film written and produced by Suzanne Kay Bamford and her husband Mark Bamford under the direction of Mark Bamford. It was Mark Bamford's first feature film after his critically praised short Hero (2001).The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival and the Cannes Film Festival in 2004.
 Man About Town is a 2006 comedy-drama film produced by Sunlight Productions and independently presented by Media 8 Entertainment. It was written and directed by Mike Binder and stars Ben Affleck Rebecca Romijn John Cleese Bai Ling and Jerry O'Connell in the Los Angeles area where the film was set.In the United States it was released direct-to-DVD on February 13 2007; however from Israel to Spain the film was theatrically released in many countries around the world.
 The Uncle is a 1965 British drama film directed by Desmond Davis.
 SWAGG is the third studio album by Russian rapper Timati released on June 8 2012.
 Under the Beetle's Cellar is an award-winning 1995 suspense novel by American author Mary Willis Walker the second in her Molly Cates series.
 A is for Allah is the name of a double album created for Muslim children by Yusuf Islam (formerly known as Cat Stevens originally known as Steven Demetre Georgiou). The album was released on July 11 2000 by Resurgence UK Records. The title song was written in 1980 upon the birth of Yusufs first child a daughter named Hasanah. Yusuf wanted his daughter to learn the Arabic language as well as read and understand the Qu'ran (in Arabic).
 Kalsk [kalsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulechów within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sulechów and 21 km (13 mi) north of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 860.
 The Al Fattan Marine Towers is a complex in the Dubai Marina section of Dubai United Arab Emirates. The towers are located within Jumeirah Beach Residence a 40-tower 7000 unit residential and hotel development which runs alongside Dubai Marina. The Al Fattan Marine Towers consist of two twin 50-story towers the Al Fattan Tower and the Oasis Beach Tower consisting of serviced and residential apartments which have since been sold to individual investors and homeowners.
 The Ground Truth (also known as The Ground Truth: After the Killing Ends) is a 2006 documentary film about veterans of the Iraq War. It was directed and produced by Patricia Foulkrod.
 Project A (Chinese: A計劃; Jyutping: A Gai3 Waak6; also known as Pirate Patrol and Jackie Chan's Project A) is a 1983 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film written and directed by Jackie Chan who also starred in the film. The film co-stars Sammo Hung and Yuen Biao.Set in the 1800s in old Hong Kong Project A blends comedy moments and spectacular stunts including set-pieces reminiscent of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd.
 Nigasa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Arhodia.
 Graceling is a young adult fantasy novel by Kristin Cashore and her literary debut.The book earned a place on the Publishers Weekly Best Books of the Year for 2008 and received generally favorable reviews. It was followed by a companion book entitled Fire and a sequel Bitterblue which takes place eight years after the events in Graceling was published on May 1 2012 by Dial an imprint of Penguin Young Readers Group.
 Kirila is a village in Paide Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Jerry O'Neil (born May 10 1943) is Republican member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to House District 3 which represents the Columbia Falls area. Prior to serving in the House Jerry served in the Senate from 2000 to 2008.
 La Classe américaine (American Class) also known as Le Grand Détournement (The Great Détournement) is a 1993 French television film written and directed by Michel Hazanavicius and Dominique Mézerette. It consists exclusively of extracts of old Warner Bros. films put together and dubbed with new lines so as to create an entirely new film.
 Jules Henri Ghislain Marie Baron de Trooz (21 February 1857 – 31 December 1907) was a Belgian Catholic Party politician.De Trooz was born in Leuven and had studied philosophy before entering politics. He represented Leuven in the Belgian Chamber of People's Representatives from 1899 onwards serving as Education and Interior minister. In 1907 he became the 18th Prime Minister of Belgium retaining the Interior portfolio.He was the only Belgian Prime Minister to die in office.
 Matthew Hale Carpenter (born Decatur Merritt Hammond Carpenter; December 22 1824 – February 24 1881) was a member of the Republican Party who served in the United States Senate for the state of Wisconsin from 1869–1875 and again from 1879–1881.Carpenter was born in Moretown Vermont. He served as District Attorney of Rock County Wisconsin from 1850 to 1854. He was originally a member of the Democratic Party until the start of the Civil War.
 The Costs of Accidents: A Legal and Economic Analysis (1970) by Guido Calabresi is a work in the law and economics tradition because it provides an economic efficiency analysis of the rules of tort law.
 No Dice is an album by Badfinger issued by Apple Records and released on 9 November 1970. Their second album under the Badfinger name and third album overall No Dice significantly expanded the British group's popularity especially abroad. The album included both the hit single No Matter What and the song Without You which would become one of the most successful compositions of the rock era.
 La venus maldita (English: Love for Spain) is a 1967 Argentine erotic drama film musical directed by Alfredo B. Crevenna.
 Meraa Ghar Mere Bachche is a 1985 Indian Bollywood film directed by Chander Vohra and produced by L. V. Prasad. It stars Raj Babbar Smita Patil and Meenakshi Seshadri in pivotal roles.
 Blood Drive is the fifth album by hard rock band ASG. The album was released on May 28 2013.
 Jebel Zem-Zem (Monte Sem-Sem) is the name given to a mountain located morth of M'diq below Fnideq in northern Morocco below the Spanish enclave of Ceuta. It is two miles south west of the tourist resort Punta Restinga on the eastern coast. On its northern lower slopes lies an abandoned and ruined fort called Fortin Negron.
 Middleton Place is a plantation in Dorchester County directly across the Ashley River from North Charleston and about 15 miles (24 km) northwest of Charleston in the U.S. state of South Carolina. Built in several phases during the 18th and 19th centuries the plantation was the primary residence of several generations of the Middleton family many of whom played prominent roles in the colonial and antebellum history of South Carolina.
 The Rio Nuevo is a river of Jamaica.
 One Thrilling Night is a 1942 American film directed by William Beaudine. The film is also known as Horace Takes Over (American TV title) with working titles being Do Not Disturb and Army Bride.
 The China-Japan Friendship Hospital (Chinese: 中日友好医院) was established through the cooperation of the Chinese and Japanese governments during the 1980s. The hospital has been directly affiliated with China's Ministry of Health since its first day of operation October 23 1984. The hospital is located on East Yinghuayuan Street Chaoyang District Beijing. The hospital covers 9.7 hectares with floorspace of facilities measuring 180000 square meters.
 Back To The Start is the third solo release from Peter Baldrachi. Eleven of the twelve tracks appearing on Back To The Start were released on 2011’s Tomorrow Never Knows in September 2011. However the record was pulled a few months after its initial release to be remixed the by Ed Stasium (Ramones Mick Jagger The Smithereens Reverend Horton Heat Nada Surf) in early 2012.
 Hagues Peak elevation 13571 ft (4136 m) is the highest summit of the Mummy Range of Rocky Mountain National Park in northern Colorado.
 Khunda is a village in Jand Tehsil Attock District located 70 km north of Islamabad (Pakistan’s capital) and Rawalpindi on the Fatehjang–Kohat Road.
 Gregorio Pacheco Leyes (1823 – 1899) was the constitutional President of Bolivia from 1884 to 1888. A native of Livilivi Province of Potosí Pacheco won a disputed election that was a virtual three-way tie between him Conservative leader Aniceto Arce and Liberal chief Eliodoro Camacho. Pacheco was self-made a wealthy man (he was born poor) and the country's foremost philanthropist. He made his money purchasing shares in defunct silver mines which he rehabilitated.
 The Chinese Orange Mystery is a novel that was written in 1934 by Ellery Queen. It is the eighth of the Ellery Queen mysteries.In a poll of 17 detective story writers and reviewers this novel was voted as the eighth best locked room mystery of all time.
 Steven Arnold Steve King (born May 28 1949) is the U.S. Representative for Iowa's 4th congressional district serving in Congress since 2003; the district is located in the northwestern part of the state and includes Sioux City. King is a member of the Republican Party.
 Putting It Straight is a rock album by Pat Travers. It was released in 1977 on Polydor Records.The songs were listed on the back cover of the album in a different sequence than on the original LP pressing. Some later CD versions had the songs in the incorrect order as listed on the back cover.
 Yengiabad (Persian: ينگي اباد‎ also Romanized as Yengīābād) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 774 in 182 families.
 Charles Napier Lawrence 1st Baron Lawrence of Kingsgate (27 May 1855 – 17 December 1927) styled The Honourable Charles Lawrence between 1869 and 1923 was a British businessman and railway executive.
 Willoughby-Suydam Historic District is a national historic district in Brooklyn New York New York. It consists of 50 contributing residential buildings built between 1902 and 1904. They are three story brick tenements that have two apartments per floor. Some feature yellow and white terra cotta detailing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Postphonic Star Exploration is one of many EPs Man or Astro-man? released in 1995. It is a 5 record (smaller than the standard 7) and was released on black vinyl and clear green vinyl through Sympathy for the Record Industry.
 Château de la Renaudie is a ruined château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Negrileasa River is a tributary of the Suha River in Romania.
 Perrine is a lunar crater that is located on the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the west of the large walled plain Landau and to the northeast of the crater Charlier. To the north-northwest is the smaller Gullstrand.This is an unusual formation that forms part of a chain of connected craters. The western two-thirds of Perrine is overlain by the slightly smaller Perrine S so that Perrine is crescent-shaped.
 Brain Pathology is the medical journal of the International Society of Neuropathology published for them by John Wiley & Sons.
 Malarvadi is a children's magazine published by the Islamic Service Trust (IST) Kerala. It was started from Kochi in 1980 by Movement of Islam Trust Kodungallur.Its early contributors included prominent personalities in Malayalam literature such as MT Vasudevan Nair Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai Vaikom Muhammad Basheer N. P. Mohammed C. Radhakrishnan and artists such as BM Gafoor Yesudasan Paul Kallanode and Venu.
 The Pârâul Ursului is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Aacayipsin is the 1994 album of the Turkish pop singer Tarkan Tevetoğlu. Album was published in Europe Asia. This was his second album the success of which launched him as a superstar onto the Turkish pop scene with over 3 million copies sold worldwide. The album also sold over 750 thousand copies in Europe a first-ever feat for a Turkish performer.
 Fareed Peta is a village in the Etcherla mandalam in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Paschal Canice Mooney (born 14 October 1947) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and a member of Seanad Éireann. A journalist and broadcaster he was first elected to the Seanad in 1987 on the Cultural and Educational Panel. He retained his seat at each subsequent election until losing it at the 2007 election to the 23rd Seanad. He was re-elected to Seanad Éireann on the Agricultural Panel in a Seanad by-election on 19 January 2010.
 Lissoberyx is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 Republic Plaza (Chinese: 共和大厦) is one of the three tallest skyscrapers in Singapore located at the Southern end of Raffles Place in the Downtown Core the central business district of Singapore. It shares the title of tallest building with the OUB Centre and UOB Plaza One. Built at 280 metres (919 feet) tall it was completed in 1995 and incorporates earthquake proof features despite the city being relatively far from earthquake zones.The main entrance to the tower is at D'Almeida Street.
 Badri is a 2001 Indian Tamil–language sports action film directed by P. A. Arun Prasad which is a remake of his 1999 Telugu film Thammudu. The film stars Vijay in the leading role as a spoilt college brat who turns into a kickboxer to prove himself. Bhumika Chawla and Monal are the leading ladies while Dhamu and Vivek play supporting roles. The film's soundtrack was composed by Ramana Gogula while the background score was composed by Devi Sri Prasad.
 The Man from Laramie is a 1955 American Western film directed by Anthony Mann and starring James Stewart Arthur Kennedy Donald Crisp and Cathy O'Donnell.Written by Philip Yordan and Frank Burt the film is about a stranger who defies a local cattle baron and his sadistic son by working for one of his oldest rivals. The film was adapted from a story of the same title by Thomas T.
 Seabrook-Wilson House is located in Middletown Township Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1750 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 29 1974.
 Five on a Secret Trail is the fifteenth novel in the Famous Five series by Enid Blyton. It was first published in 1956.
 The Scions of Shannara is a fantasy novel by Terry Brooks. It is the first book in the Heritage of Shannara series which takes place three hundred years after the end of the previous Shannara trilogy. The first version was published in 1990. The book follows the lives of the Scions of Shannara Par Ohmsford Walker Boh and Wren (Ohmsford).
 The Guilarte River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Funerary Dagger Moth or Paddle Caterpillar (Acronicta funeralis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It has a scattered distribution. It is found from Manitoba to Nova Scotia south to Maryland. It is also found in Georgia Mississippi Texas and along the west-coast from California to British Columbia.The wingspan is 32–40 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August depending on the location.
 Kandeh Shin (Persian: كنده شين‎ also Romanized as Kandeh Shīn) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Goszczyce Poświętne [ɡɔʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ pɔɕˈfjɛntnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Baboszewo 14 km (9 mi) north of Płońsk and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Atashgah-e Jadid (Persian: اتشگاه جديد‎ also Romanized as Atashgāh-e Jadīd) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 41 families.
 Prenda is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 Treitschkendia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pedro Itriago Chacín (9 September 1875 - 19 May 1936) was a Venezuelan lawyer professor politician and diplomat. Minister of Foreign Affairs of Venezuela from 1921 to 1936.
 Habronattus borealis is a species of jumping spiders from a Salticidae family that can be found in Canada and the United States.
 Shervedan (Persian: شرودان‎ also Romanized as Shervedān; also known as Shervehdān and Shīrvedān) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3114 in 808 families.
 See You Up There is a live album by the punk band Stiff Little Fingers released in 1989 (see 1989 in music).
 Maturango Peak is the highest mountain in the Argus Range. It is located in Inyo County California and reaches an elevation of 8843 feet (2695 m). The area is under the control of the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake and access is restricted.
 Scootering is a British magazine published by the Morton's Media Group and covers classic motorscooters especially Vespa and Lambretta the people who ride them and products of interest to scooterists.The first issue of Scootering was published by Myatt McFarlene in May 1985 with Mike Roberts as the editor. After Mike's death in 1987 Gareth Brown became editor. In 1989 Myatt McFarelne purchased Scooter Scene magazine from Stuart Lanning and made Lanning the editor of the combined magazines.
 Unreleased is the eighth album released by rapper Andre Nickatina. It was released in 2001 and was produced by Andre Nickatina Nick Peace Juilan Piccolo Smoov-E and the Fillmoe Coleman Band (Black Diamond & Tebo). The album contained unreleased and rare tracks that did not make it to any of Nickatina's previous albums and was sold exclusively at Nickatina's concerts.
 Thappana is a 2012 Malayalam film based on the work by famous Bengali novelist Ashapurna Debi and directed by Johny Antony. The film stars Mammootty Charmy Kaur and Murali Gopy in lead roles. It tells the story of two convicts the petty thief Samson (Mammootty) and a young girl Mallika (Charmy Kaur) who are released from prison on the same day.
 Nansen Sound is an uninhabited strait in Qikiqtaaluk Nunavut Canada. It lies between western Grant Land on Ellesmere Island and Axel Heiberg Island. To the east it enters Greely Fiord.
 Jeremiah Morrow (October 6 1771 – March 22 1852) was a Democratic-Republican Party politician from Ohio. He served as the ninth Governor of Ohio and the last Democratic-Republican to do so.
 The Waitaki River is a large river in the South Island of New Zealand some 110 km long. It is the major river of the Mackenzie Basin. It is a braided river which flows through Lake Benmore Lake Aviemore and Lake Waitaki. These are ultimately fed by three large glacial lakes Pukaki Tekapo and Ohau. Lake Benmore and Lake Aviemore are contained by hydroelectric dams Benmore Dam and Aviemore Dam.The Waitaki has several tributaries notably the Ahuriri River and the Hakataramea River.
 Smoke Spot is the debut EP by American ska punk band Less Than Jake released in 1993 on No Idea Records. Initially released on seven-inch vinyl Smoke Spot is included on the subsequent compilation album Losers Kings and Things We Don't Understand.
 Arthur Stanhope Barrows (1884–1963) was the president of Sears from 1942 to 1946 and the first United States Under Secretary of the Air Force holding that office from 1947 to 1950.
 The Harry F. Wentz Studio also known as the Harry F. Wentz Studio-Bungalow and Studio Neah-Kah-Nie is a historic house located in the Neahkahnie community near Manzanita Oregon United States. Designed by artist Harry F. Wentz and architect A.E. Doyle and built circa 1916 this bungalow came to be regarded as a prototype of the Northwest Regional style of architecture.
 Forsaken House is a play written by Wilfrido Maria Guerrero published in his 13 Plays (1947).
 The Two Row Times an Onkwehon:we (Onkwehonwe) flagship publication of Garlow Media is a free weekly news publication based in Hagersville Ontario Canada and focusing distribution on the Six Nations of the Grand River Territory. Circulation of the Two Row Times is about 23000 copies which are distributed to all Ontario Indian Reservations.
 Cardona Residence in Aguadilla Puerto Rico was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It is one of the most interesting and best preserved houses in Aguadilla from its era.
 Nerosubianco styled as nEROSubianco and also released with the international title Attraction is an Italian black comedy (part collage film) directed by Tinto Brass. The film deals with a variety of contemporary themes such as sexual freedom racial tensions and political radicalism from the perspective of a young Italian woman.
 Stranger than Fiction is the eighth full-length studio album (tenth release overall) by Bad Religion released in 1994 (see 1994 in music). It was their first album released on the major label Atlantic Records (although that label re-released the previous album Recipe for Hate) and also its last release with guitarist Brett Gurewitz who left just prior to the 1994-1995 world tour only to return to the band seven years later.
 Pogorszewo [pɔɡɔrˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Lębork and 67 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 343.
 The Slender Brindle (Apamea scolopacina) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found across Eurasia from central Europe to the Kuril Islands to Japan.The wingspan is 32–36 mm. The adult is on wing from July to August depending on the location. It lives in woodlands.The larvae feed on grasses of genera such as Milium Deschampsia and Briza sedges such as Scirpus and rushes of genus Luzula.
 The Rizal Shrine dedicated to the lifework of José Rizal is located on Santa Clara Street Fort Santiago Intramuros Manila 1002 Philippines.This is a fortified complex which houses the building the Philippines' national hero spent his last night and where his family later found concealed in an oil lamp the famous poem Mi último adiós (My Last Farewell).
 Condate is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Prymnbriareus is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae.
 The Satinay sand skink is a newly discovered genus of skink found on Fraser Island Queensland Australia.
 See No Evil is a 2006 slasher film directed by Gregory Dark written by Dan Madigan produced by Joel Simon and starring professional wrestler Kane (Glenn Jacobs). It is the first major film produced by WWE Films and was released by Lions Gate Entertainment on May 19 2006.The film went through many different working titles before the final title of See No Evil was chosen.
 The National Gallery is an art museum on Trafalgar Square in London. Founded in 1824 it houses a collection of over 2300 paintings dating from the mid-13th century to 1900. The Gallery is an exempt charity and a non-departmental public body of the Department for Culture Media and Sport. Its collection belongs to the public of the United Kingdom and entry to the main collection is free of charge.
 Mount Warrenheip is an inactive volcanic cone in Victoria Australia. The mountain has an elevation of 714 metres (2343 ft) AHD. The mountain is a landmark of Dunnstown Victoria the closest town with the mountain being located 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) east of the Ballarat central business district in the suburb of Warrenheip. Mount Warrenheip ceased volcanic activity around 100000 years ago. Along with Mount Buninyong it is one of only two forested scoria cones in Victoria.
 William Kent Suter (born August 24 1937) is an American jurist who served as the 19th Clerk of the Supreme Court of the United States a position he held for over twenty years. Prior to this he was a major general in the United States Army; at the time of his retirement in 1991 he had served for over a year as the acting Judge Advocate General.
 Emilio Pérez Touriño (Spanish pronunciation: [eˈmiljo ˈpeɾeθ touˈɾiɲo]; born 8 August 1948) is a Spanish politician and economist. He is the former secretary general of the Socialist Party of Galicia and from August 2005 to March 2009 former president of the autonomous community of Galicia (Spain). Namely he was president of the executive branch the Xunta de Galicia. His political views are socialdemocratic and Galicianist.
 Cyanopepla buckleyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Ecuador and Bolivia.
 The Hokitika River is in the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand. It is about 64 kilometers (40 mi) long beginning in the Southern Alps and flowing into the Tasman Sea next to the town of Hokitika. The Hokitika River and its eastern tributary the Kokatahi River have formed the Kowhitirangi-Kokatahi alluvial plain; a fertile and productive land extensively used for dairy farming.
 The American West of John Ford is a 1971 television special about movie director John Ford's career narrated by John Wayne James Stewart and Henry Fonda.
 Pygopteryx fulva is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Evania appendigaster is a species of wasp in the family Evaniidae the ensign wasps. Its native range is not known but it likely originated in Asia. Today it occurs throughout the tropics and subtropics and in many temperate regions. It is a parasitoid wasp known for specializing on cockroaches.
 The Río Orinoco Spinetail (Synallaxis beverlyae) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It's found from river island scrub in the lower and middle sections of the main channel of the Río Orinoco in Venezuela and adjacent Colombia.
 Lamhaa (Hindi: लम्हा Urdu: لمحا‎ translation: Moment) is a Bollywood action thriller film written and directed by Rahul Dholakia released on 16 July 2010. Set in Kashmir the film is a story about an army officer played by Sanjay Dutt and his love interest played by Bipasha Basu in the midst of the various issues that Kashmir had faced over the years. It also features Anupam Kher and Kunal Kapoor in supporting roles.
 The Saxophones of Sonny Stitt is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1958 and originally released on the Roost label.
 The New River is a river in South America. It is part of a border dispute between Suriname and Guyana known as the New River Triangle.
 The Reid Memorial Church is a church in Edinburgh.
 The Right Hand of Doom is the fourth trade paperback collection in the Hellboy series created by Mike Mignola published by Dark Horse Comics on February 4 2004 which collects various mini-series one-shots and back-up features featuring fictional paranormal detective Hellboy.
 Anthela neurospasta is a moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
 Myelois urbicella is a species of snout moths in the genus Myelois. It was described by Erschoff in 1874. It is found in Turkestan.
 The George B. Cox House is a historic residence in Cincinnati Ohio United States. An Italianate building constructed in 1894 this two-and-a-half story building was built as the home of leading Hamilton County politician George B. Cox.
 Drzykozy [dʐɨˈkɔzɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daszyna within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Daszyna 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 I predatori delle Antille released in the USA as Sexy Pirates on DVD is a 1998 pirate film directed by Joe D'Amato. The film is the last theatrical release by the director and was screened in 1999.
 Welcome to America is the sixth album by rapper Schoolly D. The album was released in 1994 and was his first and only album for Ruffhouse Records. Though the album gained some positive reviews the album did not sell well or make it on any album charts. Two singles were released for the album “Welcome to America” and “Another Sign”.The beat on Wanna Get Dusted is a slower version of PSK What Does It Mean?.
 Salem (long title: Salem: Queen of Thorns) is a 4-issue American comic book limited series published by Boom! Studios and written by Chris Morgan and Kevin W. Walsh.
 Salmagundi; or The Whim-whams and Opinions of Launcelot Langstaff Esq. & Others commonly referred to as Salmagundi was a 19th-century satirical periodical created and written by American writer Washington Irving. Written in collaboration with Irving's oldest brother William and James Kirke Paulding Irving produced twenty issues at irregular intervals between January 24 1807 and January 15 1808.Salmagundi lampooned New York culture and politics in a manner much like today's Mad magazine.
 Eidophasia dammersi is a moth of the Plutellidae family. It is found in California and Arizona.The larvae feed on Cleome isomeris.
 Feanwâlden (Dutch: Veenwouden) is a village in the Dantumadiel municipality of Friesland in the Netherlands and has around 3728 citizens (2007).
 Atlantis: Milo's Return released in 2003 is Disney's twentieth animated direct-to-video sequel. It is a sequel to the 2001 animated film Atlantis: The Lost Empire.Originally Disney was developing a sequel entitled Shards of Chaos but it was abandoned once The Lost Empire was less successful than anticipated. The released sequel consists of three animated shorts originally meant to be three episodes of a series that was never completed called Team Atlantis.
 Las Hurdes: Tierra Sin Pan (1933) (English language: Land Without Bread or Unpromised Land) is a 27-minute-long documentary film (ethnofiction) directed by Luis Buñuel and co-produced by Buñuel and Ramon Acin. The narration was written by Buñuel Rafael Sanchez Ventura and Pierre Unik with cinematography by Eli Lotar.
 Taken By Force is the fifth studio album by German heavy metal band Scorpions released by RCA Records in 1977. This was the first Scorpions album to feature drummer Herman Rarebell and the final album to feature guitarist Uli Jon Roth.
 The Bell Museum of Natural History is a museum located in Minneapolis Minnesota on the campus of the University of Minnesota. On display are numerous animal specimens from all over the world. The museum is currently planning a move to the University of Minnesota St. Paul campus.
 Club Havana is a 1945 American drama film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer. It was produced and released by independent film company Producers Releasing Corporation. It has been compared to the 1933 film Grand Hotel.
 William Jefferson Will Hunsaker (1855–1933) was an American lawyer and politician from San Diego and later Los Angeles California. Hunsaker was the San Diego County District Attorney from 1882 to 1884 4th Mayor of San Diego from 1887 to 1888 and president of the California Bar Association from 1913 to 1914.
 Dioryctria adamsi is a species of snout moths in the genus Dioryctria. It was described by Neunzig and Dow in 1993 and is known from Belize.
 Gettiyawala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Gaalipata (Kannada: ಗಾಳಿಪಟ) is a 2008 Kannada-language film directed by Yogaraj Bhat of Mungaru Male fame. The film features an ensemble cast of Ganesh Diganth Rajesh Krishnan Daisy Bopanna Neethu and Bhavana Rao. The music for the film was composed by V. Harikrishna.
 Ahmadou Lamine Ndiaye (born 20 May 1937) is a former professor of Veterinary Sciences from Senegal who has held many senior administrative positions in African educational institutions and organizations.
 Yurtbeyi is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Ankara Province Turkey.
 The Greater Glory was a 1926 American silent drama film directed by Curt Rehfeld. The film starred Conway Tearle and Boris Karloff. The Greater Glory is sometimes listed as The Viennese Medley the title of Edith O'Shaughnessy's novel of which the film is based. It is now considered lost.
 Wanted: A Husband is a 1919 silent film comedy starring Billie Burke. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount-Artcraft. The film is based on the short story Enter D'Arcy by Samuel Hopkins Adams. The relatively unknown and forgotten Lawrence C. Windom directed this currently lost film.
 Rampsgill Head is a fell in the English Lake District standing to the west of Haweswater Reservoir in the Far Eastern Fells. It forms the focal point of three ridges which fan out north east north west and south.
 Zeta One is a 1970 British comedy science fiction film directed by Michael Cort and starring James Robertson Justice Charles Hawtrey and Robin Hawdon.It was made for a budget of £60000.
 Villaggio Mall is a shopping mall located in the Aspire Zone in the west end of Doha the capital city of Qatar.
 Symphony No. 1 is a 1999 album by Joe Jackson. Jackson received a Grammy for Best Pop Instrumental Album in 2001 after several unsuccessful nominations for previous work. Symphony No. 1 was played by a band of jazz and rock musicians including Steve Vai and Terence Blanchard.
 Hrasna is a village in the municipality of Sandanski in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Nine Days in One Year (Russian: Девять дней одного года) is a 1962 Soviet black-and-white drama film directed by Mikhail Romm about nuclear particle physics Soviet scientists (physicists) and their relationship.The film won the Crystal Globe Award in 1962.
 Dr. Ruth J. Person is the first woman and the seventh chancellor of the University of Michigan–Flint.
 Imparable is the second studio album by Colombian singer-songwriter Naela released on March 18 2014 by My Major Company.
 Laurence Hirsch Silberman (born October 12 1935) is a senior federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. He was appointed in October 1985 by Ronald Reagan and took senior status on November 1 2000. He continues to serve on the court. On June 11 2008 Silberman was named a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom the highest civilian honor granted by the government of the United States.
 The Spotted Ground Thrush (Geokichla guttata) is a species of bird in the Turdidae family.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi South Africa Sudan Tanzania and possibly Mozambique.
 The Community House at 284 Bay Road in Hamilton Massachusetts is a historic social and civic community building serving the towns of Hamilton and Wenham.
 Oryu's Passion: Bondage Skin (お柳情炎　縛り肌 Oryū jōen: shibari hada) is a 1975 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Katsuhiko Fujii and starring Naomi Tani and Terumi Azuma.
 Alphabravocharliedeltaechofoxtrotgolf is the first album by Australian New Wave group Models. The title alludes to the first seven letters of the NATO phonetic alphabet. The LP album cover claimed it was produced by no-one in fact it was recorded independently by engineer Tony Cohen and the group prior to signing with Mushroom Records.
 Pic du Frêne (2807 m) is a mountain in the Belledonne Massif in Savoie France.
 Live in Australia is a 2008 live album by American rock musician Chris Isaak. The album was recorded in Melbourne Australia in 2006.
 Geeks Bearing Gifts: How the Computer World Got This Way is a book about the history of computing written by Ted Nelson and published in 2008 by Mindful Press.
 Chicka Chicka Boom Boom is a bestselling children's book written by Bill Martin Jr. and John Archambault illustrated by Lois Ehlert and published by Simon & Schuster in 1989. The book features anthropomorphized letters.
 The Crown Jewels is a box set by Queen which comprises their first eight studio albums; Queen Queen II Sheer Heart Attack A Night at the Opera A Day at the Races News of the World Jazz and The Game; in sleeves replicating the original vinyl packaging. The last three albums in the set (News of the World Jazz and The Game) all have modified packaging with alternative covers. A lyric booklet is also included. All the albums have been remastered.
 Nothing Lasts Forever is a 1984 movie starring a number of Hollywood actors who were popular at the time of its production. It was directed by Tom Schiller who had previously worked on Saturday Night Live.The movie stars Zach Galligan and Lauren Tom in the lead roles with a supporting cast including Bill Murray Dan Aykroyd Sam Jaffe and Mort Sahl.
 Chhinamukh is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3375 persons living in 639 individual households.
 The Myrtle Street School is a historic school at 64 Myrtle Street in the Indian Orchard neighborhood of Springfield Massachusetts. A complex of four connected buildings it was built in stages between 1868 and 1915. The oldest portion of the school exhibits Second Empire styling while major additions in 1903 and 1914 added additional classroom space an auditorium and gymnasium and hallways connecting the various portions to each other.
 The Reformed Church of Shawangunk is located along Hoagerburgh Road in the Bruynswick section of the Town of Shawangunk Ulster County New York USA. Perched above the Shawangunk Kill it enjoys a splendid view of the nearby Shawangunk Ridge.
 The Topčiderska Reka (literally Topčider river) or colloquially Topčiderka (Serbian Cyrillic: Топчидерска река or Топчидерка) is a river in north-central Serbia a 30 km-long right tributary to the Sava river to which it flows in the urban section of Belgrade. It is one of the 40 rivers streams and creeks that flow or used to flow through Belgrade (majority of them is conducted underground into the city sewage system).
 Louis H. O. Ch. Michel (born 2 September 1947) is a Belgian politician. He served in the government of Belgium as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1999 to 2004 and was European Commissioner for Development and Humanitarian Aid from 2004 to 2009. Since 2009 he has been a Member of the European Parliament. Michel is a prominent member of the French-speaking liberal party the Mouvement Réformateur.
 S*P*Y*S is a 1974 comedy about two bumbling men who are spies and targeted for elimination by the KGB. The film was directed by Irvin Kershner and stars Elliott Gould Donald Sutherland and Zouzou. The film was screened at the 1974 Cannes Film Festival but wasn't entered into the main competition.The asterisks in the title are designed to remind users of MASH which also starred Gould and Sutherland and whose title is generally rendered with the same asterisks.
 11 listopada (English: The 11th of November) is a 2008 Polish war film directed by Kamil Kulczycki and Urszula Szałata. The film presents a series of events which led to the first execution of civilians in occupied Poland.
 Rob Astorino (born May 3 1967) is the Westchester County Executive and an American media personality and politician who is a radio host and program director for the Catholic Channel on SIRIUS Satelitte Radio. He was one of the founders of 1050 AM ESPN Radio in New York City and worked as the station's Executive Producer and as Executive Producer of the of The Michael Kay Show.
 Mount Pangasugan is a mountain in the province of Leyte in the Philippines. It is approximately 1150 metres (3770 ft) tall and located to the north of the town of Baybay. The mountain is densely vegetated very steep and home to a remarkable number of plant and animal species. It has been called the last forest frontier in Eastern Visayas. Mt. Pangasugan Ecopark is situated in the virgin rain forest of the mountain.
 All Hallows Twickenham is a grade I listed church and parish of the Church of England in Twickenham London. It is located prominently on Chertsey Road (A316) a major road artery of West London near Twickenham Stadium.
 Taraf (Side in Turkish) is a liberal newspaper in Turkey. It has distinguished itself by opposing interference by the Turkish military in the country's social and political affairs. It is distributed nationwide and has been in circulation since November 15 2007.
 Strong Enough to Break is a documentary film by Ashley Greyson that follows Hanson's struggle to release a follow-up to their second studio album This Time Around and the creation of their independent record label 3CG Records.
 James Thome Farm is a historic building in Eighty Four Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The White Ship (Italian:La nave bianca) is a 1941 Italian war film directed by Roberto Rossellini. Its cast was made up entirely of amateur actors many of them the real crew of a hospital ship of the Italian navy. The production was a work of propaganda intended to support the war aims of the Fascist Italian regime during the Second World War. It was made with the close co-operation of the Italian Navy particularly Francesco De Robertis.
 Curticella is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Live and Kickin' is a 2003 live album by country singer Willie Nelson featuring music stars of diverse genres like Eric Clapton Shania Twain Elvis Costello Diana Krall Norah Jones Ray Charles and Steven Tyler.
 Pengabdi Setan is a 1980 Indonesian horror film directed by Sisworo Gautama Putra the title translates into Satan's Slave which is also the name of the US DVD release. It is notable for being one of the few films to substitute Christian or Buddhist-based horror themes for Muslim beliefs. The film bears a resemblance in plot to Don Coscarelli's 1979 film Phantasm.
 Pelobates fuscus is a species of toad in the family Pelobatidae native to an area extending from Central Europe to Western Asia. It is commonly known as the Common Spadefoot Garlic Toad the Common Spadefoot Toad and the European Common Spadefoot.The common spadefoot grows to a length of approximately 6.5 centimetres (2.6 in) for males and 8 centimetres (3.1 in) for females.
 The Walking Dead: The Road to Woodbury is a post-apocalyptic horror novel written by Robert Kirkman and Jay Bonansinga and released October 16 2012. The novel is a spin-off of Kirkman's series of graphic novels and explores the back-story of one of the series' most infamous characters Lilly Caul. The Road to Woodbury is the second in a planned trilogy of novels following The Walking Dead: Rise of the Governor.
 The Mystery at the Moss-Covered Mansion is the eighteenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series published by Grossett & Dunlap and was first published in 1941. The original text was written by ghostwriter Mildred Wirt Benson based upon a plot outline from Stratemeyer Syndicate co-owner Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 The Subdesert Mesite (Monias benschi) is a ground-dwelling bird endemic to Madagascar. It is one of three species in the mesite family Mesitornithidae and is restricted in distribution to a small low-land region in southwest Madagascar.The Subdesert Mesite is a medium sized terrestrial bird which is often described as rail-like (a family with which the mesites are sometimes placed). The species has a long and downward-curved bill distinguishing it from the other members of the family.
 Böse Sieben is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Past<Future is the ninth studio album released by Japanese pop singer Namie Amuro on December 16 2009. The album arrived over two years after Play (2007). Amuro stated that she saw Past<Future as a fresh start following the highly successful Best Fiction (2008).Only one single Wild/Dr. was released from the album. Several of the album tracks were used in promotional campaigns leading up to its release including My Love and Copy That currently being used in Vidal Sassoon commercials.
 A Feast at Midnight is a 1995 British comedy family film directed by Justin Hardy and starring Freddie Findlay Samuel West Robert Hardy Christopher Lee and Edward Fox.It is notable for featuring a cameo by future Education Secretary Michael Gove.
 Majid Namjoo (مجيد نامجو in Persian) (born 5 January 1963) is an Iranian politician who was the minister of energy from 24 August 2009 to 15 August 2013.
 Food Quality and Preference is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of sensory and consumer science published in 8 issues per year by Elsevier. Its scope covers consumer and market research sensory science sensometrics and sensory evaluation nutrition and food choice as well as food research product development and sensory quality assurance.
 Naayaka is a 2010 Kannada action film directed by P C Sekar and produced by Ramesh Kumar P and Pradeep Kumar G. The film is going to be released sometime in June 2010 in Karnataka India.
 Apotomops is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Radek John (born 6 December 1954 in Prague; Czech pronunciation: [ˈradɛk ˈjoːn]) is a Czech journalist writer screenwriter and politician current chairman of the political party Public Affairs (in Czech: Věci veřejné). His novel Memento is the first book examining the drug problem in the context of the former communist Czechoslovakia. The novel was translated into ten languages.From 13 July 2010 to 21 April 2011 he served as the Minister of Interior of the Czech Republic.
 Çimenli is a village in the District of Hopa Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 300 people.
 City of Pearl is a science fiction novel by Karen Traviss. Published in March 2004 it is the first book of the Wess'Har Series. Among the main characters are Shan Frankland the hardened cop and forceful commander; Josh Garrod the devout Christian and gentle leader; Aras the lonely Wess'har outcast by his horrible disease; and Lindsay Neville the Marines Commander dealing with an unplanned pregnancy.
 Harold C. Bradley House also known as Mrs. Josephine Crane Bradley Residence is a Prairie School home designed by Louis H. Sullivan and George Grant Elmslie. It is located in the University Heights Historic District. of Madison Wisconsin United States.
 Ram Robert Rahim is a 1980 Telugu film directed by Vijaya Nirmala and stars her husband Krishna as Robert Rajinikanth as Ram and Chandra Mohan as Rahim. Anjali Devi plays their mother. Sridevi plays Robert's girlfriend. The film is a remake of the Hindi hit film Amar Akbar Anthony (1977) starring Amitabh Bachchan Vinod Khanna & Rishi Kapoor.
 The Thott Mansion (Danish: Thotts Palæ) is a listed town mansion located on Kongens Nytorv in Copenhagen Denmark. It now houses the French embassy.
 Christine Rolfes (born (1967-03-25) 25 March 1967) is an American politician of the Democratic Party serving as the Washington State Senator for the 23rd District since 2011. The 23rd District includes Bainbridge Island Silverdale Poulsbo Kingston and parts of Bremerton.
 The Rensselaer and Saratoga Railroad: Green Island Shops is located in Green Island New York. The buildings were built in 1871 and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 24 1973.
 Edward Francis Harrington (born 1933) is a United States federal judge on senior status in the District of Massachusetts.
 Nieckowo [ɲet͡sˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Potęgowo 32 km (20 mi) east of Słupsk and 76 km (47 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 285.
 Moeto carstvo is the second and final album by Macedonian rock group Aleksandar Makedonski. It was released in 1996. Unlike their previous album Za heroje i princeze which is in Serbian Moeto carstvo is in Macedonian.The album had no singles when it originally came out however the tracks Ako mi dadesh and Ubav den were re-appropriated as Badmingtons songs and released as a single in 2007 to promote the Igor Ivanov movie Prevrteno.
 William Darcy McKeough OC (known as Darcy McKeough) (born January 31 1933) is a Canadian businessman and former politician. He is a member of the board of Hydro One and is chairman of McKeough Investments and McKeough Supply and former CEO of Union Gas. Born in Chatham Ontario and educated at Ridley College in St. Catharines Canada. After which received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Western Ontario in 1954.
 The Lampinak is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was partially included in the Merzbox.
 Vansant Farmhouse also known as Overlook Valley Farm is a historic home located near Rushland Wrightstown Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1768 and is a two-story stone structure measuring approximately 15 feet square with a one-story kitchen addition. The main house was added about 1820 and is two story stuccoed stone structure. A one-story porch was added in the 20th century.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Trosia is a genus of moth in the family Megalopygidae.
 Hidden in the Woods is an upcoming American film directed by Patricio Valladares written by Bradley Marcus Kevin Marcus Patricio Valladares and Andrea Cavaletto. Produced by Michael Biehn Jennifer Blanc and Loris Curci. The film is a remake of Valladares' Spanish-language 2012 film Hidden in the Woods.
 The Man Higher Up: A Story of the Fight Which Is Life and the Force Which Is Love is a novel by the American writer Henry Russell Miller set in 19th century Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.The novel tells the Horatio Alger story of Bob an Irish-Catholic tenement waif who becomes a mill hand a ward heeler then mayor of Pittsburgh and finally governor of Pennsylvania.
 Farzana Raja (born January 2 1970) is a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan. She is Chairperson of Benazir Income Support Program (BISP) a program which aids impoverished families in Pakistan. Although Farzana Raja was born in Gujrat but she belongs to a Shia Muslim family of the Gujar Khan a tehsil of Rawalpindi and Chak Rajgan is her village which is situated in Gujar Khan. She had married Pir Mukarram ul Haq from a well known political feudal family of Sindh.
 John Arnold Walther Julius Leerdam (born 23 July 1961) is a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA). He served as a Member of the House of Representatives from 30 January 2003 until 17 June 2010 and again from 28 February 2012 until 5 April 2012.
 Vladimir Ilyich Lenin (Russian: Владимир Ильич Ленин IPA: [vɫɐˈdʲimʲɪr ɪlʲˈjit͡ɕ ˈlʲenʲɪn] ; born Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov; 22 April [O.S. 10 April] 1870 – 21 January 1924) was a Russian communist revolutionary politician and political theorist. He served as the leader of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic from 1917 and then concurrently as Premier of the Soviet Union from 1922 until his death.
 Much in Common is an album by bassist Ray Brown and vibraphonist Milt Jackson recorded in 1964 and released on the Verve label.
 The Warneford Hospital is a hospital in east Oxford England. The Warneford and the Littlemore Hospital are the major mental health hospitals serving Oxford.The hospital opened as the Oxford Lunatic Asylum in July 1826 and subsequently (but no longer) was named the Radcliffe Lunatic Asylum and then the Warneford Lunatic Asylum. It was designed by Richard Ingleman (1777–1838) and built of Headington stone.
 Matanglawin literally meaning Hawk's Eye and usually contracted as Mata is the official student newspaper of the Ateneo de Manila University in the Filipino language. The student paper dedicates itself to discussing socio-political events in the Philippines the plight and suffering of the working class as well as pressing student rights issues.
 Water is for Washing is a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein first published in Argosy (November 1947) and based on the premise that an earthquake had catastrophically shattered the range of alluvial deposits separating the Imperial Valley from the Gulf of California precipitating a tsunami moving north to transiently drown these lowlands.
 Naiselesele River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Daphne Campbell (born on May 19 1957) is a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 108th District which includes Miami and North Miami in northern Miami-Dade County since 2010.
 Bittiolum is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cerithiidae.
 Susan C. Fargo is the Massachusetts State Senator for the 3rd Middlesex district which includes her hometown of Lincoln and eight other towns. She is a Democrat who has served since 1997.
 Highpoint Shopping Centre is a major shopping centre located in Maribyrnong Victoria in the western suburbs of Melbourne Victoria Australia.
 The Toronto Evening Telegram was a conservative broadsheet afternoon newspaper published in Toronto from 1876 to 1971. It had a reputation for supporting the Conservative Party at both the federal and provincial level. The paper competed with the liberal Toronto Star. The Tely strongly supported Canada's imperial connection with Britain as late as the 1960s.
 The Old Lake County Courthouse also known as Lake County Courthouse in Lakeport California is a building built in 1870. It served Lake County as a seat of government from 1871 until 1968. Precedent-setting trials on water rights were held here along with the White Cap murder trial a notorious episode in vigilantism held here in 1890. This brick courthouse constructed by A.P.
 Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire is a multimedia project created by Lucasfilm Ltd. in 1996. The original idea was to create an interquel a story set between the movies The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi (a time no Star Wars novel had explored before) and to explore all commercial possibilities of a full motion picture release without actually making the film.
 The Blacks (Croatian: Crnci) is a 2009 Croatian drama film directed by Goran Dević and Zvonimir Jurić. The film was selected as the Croatian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 St Mary's Church Washbrook is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Washbrook Suffolk England (grid reference TM110426). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in an isolated position in fields about 3 miles (5 km) west of the centre of Ipswich.
 Dr. Paul Agbai Ogwuma (born 24 April 1932) is a Nigerian banker who was Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria between 1993 and 1999 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha and his successor General Abdulsalami Abubakar.
 A Song about a Girls is a studio album by the Belgian indie rock band Zita Swoon. It was released in the fall of 2004. The album reached #4 in the Flemish Ultratop chart.
 Schlesische Arbeiter-Zeitung ('Silesian Workers Newspaper') was a left-wing German language newspaper published from Breslau Province of Lower Silesia Weimar Germany (present-day Wrocław in Poland) between 1919 and 1933.
 Elaeophora abramovi is a nematode parasite found in the hepatic arteries of the Moose (Alces alces) in Russia.
 Tokyo Tribe (トウキョウ トライブ Tōkyō Toraibu) is a single-volume Seinen manga by Santa Inoue originally published in 1993. His later series Tokyo Tribe 2 includes characters and settings from this story.
 Richard Plantagenet Temple-Nugent-Brydges-Chandos-Grenville 2nd Duke of Buckingham and Chandos KG GCH PC FSA (11 February 1797 – 29 July 1861) styled Viscount Cobham from birth until 1813 Earl Temple between 1813 and 1822 and Marquess of Chandos between 1822 and 1839 was a British Tory politician. He served as Lord Privy Seal between 1841 and 1842.
 Daqui Pro Futuro is an album released by the Brazilian rock band Pato Fu. It was released on August 10 2007 and distributed by Tratore began as the only independent album Rotomusic. Along with their last album it was still recorded by 128 Japs John's studio at his house the band made recorded and mixed with several discs.The studio 129 Japs is John's studio from his house.
 Vivian Balakrishnan (born 25 January 1961) FRCS is the Singapore Minister for Environment and Water Resources and a member of the governing People's Action Party (PAP). He has previously held appointments in the Singapore Cabinet as the Minister for Community Development Youth and Sports and as the Second Minister for Information Communications and the Arts and Trade and Industry.
 The Văliug River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Aqa Bil-e Sofla (Persian: اقابيل سفلي‎ also Romanized as Āqā Bīl-e Soflá; also known as Āqā Bīl-e Pā’īn) is a village in Balaband Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 14 families.
 Mesorhabditis acidophyla is a species of nematode that has been discovered by Borgonie et al. in 2010. This nematode has the exceptional capacity to survive in extreme acidic conditions. The most prominent reason for the adaptation of this species to such an environment is to escape predators.
 Ancylosis imitella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Spain France Sardinia Corsica Sicily and Albania.The wingspan is about 22 mm.
 Chenequa is a village in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States. The population was 590 at the 2010 census. Chenequa is the second-most wealthy incorporated area in Wisconsin with an average per-capita income of $86552.
 Day of Despair (O Dia do Desespero) is a 1992 Portuguese drama film based on the life of Portuguese writer Camilo Castelo Branco. It was directed by Manoel de Oliveira.
 Junction City Prison was located at the intersection of S Adcock Road and Pen Road NW near Junction City Ohio.
 Frederiksberg Church (Danish: Frederiksberg Kirke) is the oldest church building in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen Denmark. Completed in 1734 it is built to an unusual octagonal design in Baroque style. It is situated at Frederiksberg Runddel in front of the main entrance to Frederiksberg Gardens on the corner of Frederiksberg Allé and Pile Allé
 The Central Fire Station is a historic fire station at 26 Quincy Avenue in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1938 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Victims of Deception is the second album by the US thrash metal band Heathen released in 1991 by Roadrunner Records.It was re-issued by Metal Mind Productions in 2006 as a digipak in a limited amount of 2000 numbered copies.This album is considerably more technical and progressive than its predecessor. It features many tempo changes complex song structures odd time signatures longer song lengths and more frequent guitar solos.
 Żohatyn [ʐɔˈxatɨn] (Ukrainian: Жогатин) is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Bircza 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Przemyśl and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 160.
 Erythroplusia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 After Dinner is a play by Australian playwright Andrew Bovell. It was first performed at La Mama Theatre in 1988 and went on to be performed throughout Australia. It is published by Currency Press.
 Jean D. Wagenius (born October 1941) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) she represents District 63B which includes portions of the city of Minneapolis in Hennepin County which is part of the Twin Cities metropolitan area. She is also an attorney and worked previously as a staff attorney for the Minnesota Court of Appeals.
 Tajanjar-e Sofla (Persian: تجن جارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Tajanjār-e Soflá; also known as Tajanjār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 639 in 162 families.
 Monte Costa Calda is a mountain in the region of Campania Italy.
 Hovarpan (Persian: هوارپان‎ also Romanized as Hovārpān Havārpān and Hawar Pān) is a village in Amirabad Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 28 families.
 Tawia Adamafio (born Joseph Tawia Adams) was a Ghanaian minister in the Nkrumah government during the first republic of Ghana.
 The Church of St Editha is an Anglican parish church and Grade I listed building in Tamworth Staffordshire England.
 Monsieur Beaucaire is a 1924 silent film drama based on the Booth Tarkington novel of the same name. Filmed at Paramount Studios in New York City it was produced and directed by Sidney Olcott and starred Rudolph Valentino.
 Cristóbal Colón Ruíz (born October 4 1954) is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the New Progressive Party (NPP). He was a member of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives from 2001 to 2011 representing District 34.
 Pusher is a 1996 Danish crime film co-written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn. The film was not only a huge success in Denmark but also in many other European countries. The film became the first of a trilogy and launched Winding Refn's career. A Hindi remake of the film directed by Assad Raja was released in 2010. An English language remake directed by Luis Prieto was released in 2012.
 Dukool is a Bengali magazine that is published in the United States for Bengalis all over the world. Specifically targeting first generation and second generation Bengalis currently living in the United States along with Bengalis in Bangladesh and India. Dukool provides a source for all Bengalis away from home to be able to stay up to date on what is happening in their home. Dukool helps keep Bengalis all over the world informed about the world around them and is a Bengali News magazine.
 Ayvacık is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey. As of 2000 it had a population of 40 people.
 Worship Again is Michael W. Smith's seventeenth album. This is Smith's second album of worship music. The album was recorded live in 2002 at Southeast Christian Church in Louisville Kentucky before a live audience.
 Morpheus is an album by Canadian industrial/electronic music group Delerium in 1989.
 The Boulețul Mic River is a headwater of the Bouleț River in Romania.
 History of Religions (HR) is an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press. It was founded in 1961 by Mircea Eliade. It publishes articles that study religious phenomena from prehistory to modern times both within particular traditions and across cultural boundaries. In addition to major articles the journal also publishes review articles and comprehensive book reviews. The journal also occasionally publishes special or theme issues.
 Frank is the eighth studio album by New Wave group Squeeze released in 1989. The album received some positive reviews but sold poorly and Squeeze was quickly dropped by the new management at A&M Records. Forced to take offers from different major labels for the first time in their career the band soon signed with Reprise Records and began working on their next studio album Play.
 Get Out of My Room is an album and short-form video featuring comedians Cheech & Chong released in 1985. The album and video marked the last release by the longtime comedy duo with Cheech leaving in 1986 in order to focus on his mainstream acting career. The opening track Born In East L.A. and I'm Not Home Right Now were the only singles released for the album.
 Going Highbrow is a 1935 American comedy-musical film directed by Robert Florey. Guy Kibbee and Zazu Pitts play a newly rich couple so eager to buy their way into society they hire a waitress to pose as their daughter.
 A Man a Real One (French title: Un homme un vrai) is a 2003 film directed by Arnaud Larrieu and Jean-Marie Larrieu.
 Tegenaria abchasica is a spider species found in Russia and Georgia.
 The City Temple is a Nonconformist church on Holborn Viaduct in London most famous as the preaching place of the 20th century liberal theologian Leslie Weatherhead. Other notable preachers have included Thomas Goodwin and Joseph Parker.The first church building on the present site was built in 1874. The congregation was founded much earlier; the traditional date is 1640 but some evidence suggests it was founded as early the 1560s by the Puritans.
 Lubodzież [luˈbɔd͡ʑeʂ] (German: Lubsee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Lniano 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Świecie and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.
 La Esperança (エスペランサ Esuperansa) is a yaoi manga series written and illustrated by Chigusa Kawai. It has been published in the United States by Digital Manga Publishing in 2005.The main word of the title esperança comes from the Portuguese word for hope; the word la although meaning the in almost all other Romance languages is not proper Portuguese (elless a esperança would mean the hope).
 Darkly Darkly Venus Aversa is the ninth studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth. It was released on 1 November 2010 by Peaceville Records and is a concept album centered on the demon Lilith. Earlier the album was erroneously referred to as All Hallows Eve probably because the announced release date was close to Hallowe'en.It is Cradle of Filth's's only album to feature keyboardist Ashley Ellyllon and is also the band's final album with Dave Pybus as their bass player.
 Robert Francis Kennedy (November 20 1925 – June 6 1968) commonly known as Bobby or by his initials RFK was an American politician from Massachusetts. He served as a Senator for New York from 1965 until his assassination in 1968. He was previously the 64th U.S. Attorney General from 1961 to 1964 serving under his older brother President John F. Kennedy and his successor President Lyndon B. Johnson.
 Stoic is the third mixtape by Grammy Award winning American R&B recording artist and rapper T-Pain it was released on September 30 2012. The mixtape features guest appearances from Tay Dizm Pitbull Nuke Nikelz Doe Montana Notty Black Skye Young Cash Mistah Fab Krizz Kaliko Tech N9ne Shay Mooney Big K.R.I.T. and Travie McCoy.
 Khatt-e Ahi (Persian: خطاهي‎ also Romanized as Khaţţ-e Āhī) is a village in Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 733 in 193 families.
 Payton d'Oro (foaled 2006 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. She has won four of her last five outings. She was a September Keeneland Sales graduate that sold for only $35000 in September 2007 as a yearling. The daughter of Medaglia d'Oro will best be remembered for posting a 1¼-length score in the mile and an eighth Grade II $250000 Black-Eyed Susan Stakes at Pimlico Race Course on May 15 2009.
 Gracixalus gracilipes commonly known as the Chapa bubble-nest frog black eye-lidded small treefrog yellow and black-spotted tree frog or slender-legged bushfrog is a species of Shrub frog from northern Vietnam southern China (Yunnan Guangxi Guangdong) and northwestern Thailand.Gracixalus gracilipes are small frogs: males grow to about 22 mm (0.87 in) and females to about 39 mm (1.5 in) in snout-vent length.
 The Meeting is a 1987 American play by Jeff Stetson about an imaginary meeting between Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X in 1965 in a hotel in Harlem. The play was later televised on American Playhouse in 1989.
 Le Batteur du Boléro is a short film by Patrice Leconte released in 1992. It features a drummer in an orchestra played by Jacques Villeret who plays a simple repetitive rhythm on his single drum during a performance of Maurice Ravel's Boléro. The focal point of the film is the drummer’s facial expressions. He has a bland expression at first but as the film develops he starts twitching his eyes mouth and eyebrows.
 Across a Crowded Room is the third solo album by Richard Thompson released in 1985.In 1984 Thompson's management negotiated a contract with Polydor which gave him some financial security for the first time in over a decade. Across A Crowded Room was the first album recorded under this new contract.
 Live At Acton Town Hall is live recording by Joe Strummer & The Mescaleros released as a Record Store Day exclusive in 2012 on a limited number of 2200 copies on 2 LP vinyl. The concert a benefit for striking firefighters was originally recorded on 15 November 2002 at Acton Town Hall in London and features one of the final live performances by Strummer (the last live show being in Liverpool on 22 November 2002) who died due to a heart condition on 22 December 2002.
 Orange (Telugu: ఆరంజ్) is a 2010 Telugu Action romantic comedy film directed by Bhaskar in his third venture after Bommarillu and Parugu. The film features Ram Charan and Genelia D'Souza with Shazahn Padamsee playing a pivotal role. The film whose music was composed by Harris Jayaraj began the first schedule in February 2010 and was released on November 26 2010. This film was an average grosser but had extremely high production values.
 The Lam Tara Towers was a complex of two towers in Dubai United Arab Emirates. They were supposed to be built along Sheikh Zayed Road opposite to Millennium Tower. Bin Manama tower 1 was designed to have 77 storeys and has a total structural height of 384 m (1260 ft). However in December 2010 the construction of the twin towers was cancelled.
 Forschen und Schaffen. Folge VI is an East German film. It was released in 1954.
 Commander in Chief (1990–2007) was a British thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted just over three months in the spring and summer of 1993 he won five of his six races most notably the Derby at Epsom and the Irish Derby at the Curragh. He was the first Derby winner since Morston in 1973 not to have raced as a two-year-old. Furthermore the Racing Post had not even included him in their list of horses for the 1993 Ten-to-Follow on the flat competition.
 The Royal Scam is the fifth album by Steely Dan originally released by ABC Records in 1976. The album went gold and peaked at #15 on the charts. The Royal Scam features more prominent guitar work than other Steely Dan albums.
 Baldet is a lunar crater that is located on the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies in the lava-flooded region between the craters Cori to the north Stoney to the southwest and the worn walled plain Minkowski to the southeast.The rim of Baldet is low and worn but generally retains its original circular shape.
 Sparkle is a 2012 American musical film directed by Salim Akil and produced by Stage 6 Films It was released on August 17 2012 by TriStar Pictures. Inspired by The Supremes Sparkle is a remake of the 1976 film of the same name which centered on three singing teenage sisters from Harlem who form a girl group in the late 1950s.
 Adimi Kalbine Yaz (English: Write My name Across Your heart) is Turkish pop singer Tarkan's eighth studio album(maxi-single) and was released on 29 July 2010 in Turkey. Album was published in Turkiye. The album sold more than 300000 copies in the first week of its release and received the best album of the year award from Kral TV Music Awards.[citation needed]
 Balkaya is a village in the District of Sincik Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 St Nicholas's Church Tresco is a parish church in the Church of England located in Tresco Isles of Scilly UK.
 Shibogama Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Deep Throat is a 1972 American pornographic film written and directed by Gerard Damiano who was listed in the credits as Jerry Gerard; produced by Louis Peraino who was credited as Lou Perry; and starring Linda Lovelace the pseudonym given to Linda Susan Boreman.One of the first pornographic films to feature a plot character development and relatively high production standards Deep Throat earned mainstream attention and launched the porno chic trend despite the film being banned in some regions and the subject of obscenity trials.
 Eilema gashorai is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1980. It is found in Rwanda.
 Church of the Holy Mother of God (also Surp Asdvadzadzin Surp Asdvatsatsin Surp Asdvatsatsna Virgin Mary church) is an Armenian Apostolic church in Suleimaniyeh area of Aleppo Syria near the Quweiq river. The construction of the church is active since its consecration which took place on 1 May 1983 by Karekin II Catholicos of the Armenian Catholicosate of Cilicia.
 El Dorado is a French silent film directed in 1921 by Marcel L'Herbier. The film was notable for integrating a number of technical innovations into its narrative of a cinematic melodrama. It achieved considerable success on its release as a ground-breaking film that was distinctively French at a time when the cinema was felt to be dominated by American productions.
 Bursting Out is a 1978 live album by the rock band Jethro Tull. It was recorded at various locations during the European Heavy Horses tour in May and June 1978.
 Arte de la lengua mexicana is a little-known grammar of the Nahuatl language by Joseph Augustin Aldama y Guevara published in 1754.Aldama y Guevara's Arte is mostly derivative of previously published grammars of Nahuatl particularly Horacio Carochi's Arte de la lengua mexicana con la declaracion de los adverbios della.Aldama y Guevara marks the saltillo with a circumflex accent over the preceding vowel at the end of a word or a grave accent over the preceding vowel elsewhere and marks long vowels with an acute accent (in contrast to Carochi's macron).
 Silver Lake is a 640-acre (2.6 km2) lake in Pembroke Kingston and Plympton Massachusetts south of Route 27 and east of Route 36. The Pembroke/Plympton town line is entirely within the lake and a portion of the western shoreline of the lake is the town line with Halifax. The lake is the principal water supply for the City of Brockton whose water treatment plant is on Route 36 in Halifax. The inflow of the pond is Tubbs Meadow Brook and the pond is the headwaters of the Jones River.
 Leonard Stanley Priory was a priory in Gloucestershire England.
 Kokurikozaka kara (コクリコ坂から lit. From Up On Poppy Hill) is a Japanese manga series by Tetsurō Sayama and Chizuru Takahashi which was serialized by Kodansha from December 1979 (January issue 1980) to July 1980 (August issue 1980) in the shōjo manga magazine Nakayoshi. The manga was collected in two volumes published under the KC Nakayoshi imprint.
 Uproar in Damascus (German: Aufruhr in Damaskus) is a 1939 German thriller film directed by Gustav Ucicky and starring Brigitte Horney Joachim Gottschalk and Hans Nielsen. It is set during the First World War with German troops battling an Arab uprising led by Lawrence of Arabia and the British. The film was officially honored as artistically valuable (künstlerisch wertvoll)) and having special political value (staatspolitisch wertvoll).
 Les raquetteurs is a 1958 Direct Cinema documentary film co-directed by Michel Brault and Gilles Groulx. The film explores life in rural Quebec at a convention of snowshoers in Sherbrooke Quebec in February 1958.
 L Version 3.1 was recorded at several shows from moe.'s Fall 1999 tour. Former drummer Jim Loughlin returned to the band earlier in the year as a multi-instrumental utility man adding to the drum work of Vinnie Amico.Unlike L L Version 3.1 was only available through http://www.moe.org or at shows.
 Zacisze [zaˈt͡ɕiʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Kanshian (Hindko: کانشیاں) is a village located in Mansehra District Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is a village of Union Council Garlat of tehsil Balakot to the south east of the Balakot city. It is a beautiful hill station but unfortunately a neglected potential tourist destination. It lies in the series of mountains connecting the Neelum Valley in Pakistani-held Kashmir to the Kaghan Valley.
 Batman and Robin is an American comic book ongoing series created by Grant Morrison and featuring Batman and Robin. The debut of the series followed the events of Batman R.I.P. Final Crisis and Battle for the Cowl in which the original Batman Bruce Wayne apparently died at the hands of DC Comics villain Darkseid and features the winner of the Battle for the Cowl as the new Batman.
 Pacheh-ye Piazjar (Persian: پاچه پيازجار‎ also Romanized as Pācheh-ye Pīāzjār) is a village in Hejdandasht Rural District Salehabad District Mehran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cameron S. Brown (born July 6 1954) is an independent consultant and speaker and a former Republican Party legislator from the U.S. state of Michigan having served two terms in the Michigan Senate. Brown was born in Washington D.C. He attended the College of William and Mary and earned a bachelor's degree in history from the University of Missouri–Kansas City. He earned a master of public administration degree from Western Michigan University.
 Vallagyris is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lilla Jönssonligan och cornflakeskuppen (English: The Little Jönsson League and the cornflakes coup) is a Swedish film and the first out of four films in the Lilla Jönssonligan film series. It was released on November 29 1996 in Sweden and was directed by Christjan Wegner.The film has been shown several times on the Swedish television channels SVT1 TV3 and TV4. It was released in Germany on September 7 2000 as 'Die Jönnson Bande & der Cornflakes-Raub'.
 Pacific Peak elevation 13957 ft (4254 m) is a summit in the Mosquito Range of central Colorado. The peak is southwest of Breckenridge in the Arapaho National Forest.
 Darvaz (Persian: درواز‎ also Romanized as Darvāz; also known as Darvāzeh) is a village in Kamal Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 29 families.
 The Runcu Mare River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 Key to the Kuffs is the debut album by alternative hip hop artists Jneiro Jarel and MF Doom under the moniker JJ Doom. It was released on Lex Records on August 20 2012.
 This article is about the Austro-Hungarian politician. For the Communist philosopher who also served as Minister of Education see György Lukács.György Lukács (10 September 1865 – 28 September 1950) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Religion and Education between 1905 and 1906. From 1887 to 1897 he worked for the Ministry of the Interior. He suggested to nationalize the institution of parish register. He had significant role in the crush of the peasant movements.
 Bella Donna was a 1915 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and the Charles Frohman Company starring Pauline Frederick and based on the play Bella Donna by James Bernard Fagan adapted from the novel of the same name by Robert Smythe Hichens.In 1912 Alla Nazimova starred in a Broadway stage version which ran for 72 performances. A second version of the novel and play was filmed in 1923 starring Pola Negri. The film is now considered lost.
 The Day of The Sardine is a novel by the British writer Sid Chaplin. First published in 1961 it is set in a working-class community in Newcastle upon Tyne at the very beginning of the 1960s.
 Ama Dablam is a mountain in the Himalaya range of eastern Nepal. The main peak is 6856 metres (22493 ft) the lower western peak is 6170 metres (20243 ft). Ama Dablam means Mother's necklace; the long ridges on each side like the arms of a mother (ama) protecting her child and the hanging glacier thought of as the dablam the traditional double-pendant containing pictures of the gods worn by Sherpa women.
 Durbeni (Persian: دوربني‎ also Romanized as Dūrbenī and Dūrbonī) is a village in Salakh Rural District Shahab District Qeshm County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 616 in 155 families.
 Yekmaleh-ye Sofla (Persian: يكماله سفلي‎ also Romanized as Yekmāleh-ye Soflá; also known as Yekmāleh and Yekmāleh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Doin' Their Bit is a 1942 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. This was the first short with Herbert Glazer as Our Gang's regular director. It was the 207th Our Gang short (208th episode 119th talking short 120th talking episode and 39th MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Lambuh is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.Lambuh Knoll on Trinity Peninsula in Antarctica is named after the village.
 Fata Morgana is a 2007 German film directed by Simon Groß and starring Matthias Schweighöfer Marie Zielcke and Jean-Hugues Anglade. The film is about a young couple ending up lost in the desert andbeing forced to trust a shady stranger to lead them back to civilisation.
 'Akkare Ninnoru Maran' (മലയാളം:അക്കരെ നിന്നൊരു മാരന്‍) is a Malayalam comedy film directed by Girish and released in 1985.
 Brief Moment is a 1933 American drama film. It stars Carole Lombard and Gene Raymond and is based on the play by S. N. Behrman.
 Monsieur Taxi English: Mister Taxi is a French comedy film from 1952 directed André Hunebelle written by Jean Halain starring by Michel Simon and Louis de Funès. It is about Pierre Verger who is nicknamed Monsieur Taxi and always in company of a smart young dog called Gangster.
 Central Methodist Episcopal Church (now the Central United Methodist Church) is a historic church at 111 E. Spruce Street in Sault Ste. Marie Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1993.
 The Acceptance World is the third book of Anthony Powell's twelve novel sequence A Dance to the Music of Time. Nick Jenkins continues the narration of his life and encounters with many friends and acquaintances in London between 1931 and 1933.
 Alfredo Anselmo Fredi Martínez (born 6 September 1951) is an Argentine Radical Civic Union (UCR) politician. He sits in the Argentine Senate representing Santa Cruz Province.Martínez was educated in Río Gallegos Santa Cruz and Ramos Mejía Buenos Aires then graduated as an architect from the National University of La Plata.
 The Amazonian Streaked Antwren (Myrmotherula multostriata) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 The Palawan Hornbill (Anthracoceros marchei) known locally as Talusi in Filipino language is a smallish (approximately 70 centimetres (28 in) long) forest-dwelling bird. Its plumage is predominantly black with a white tail a dark green gloss on its upper parts and a large creamy-white beak with a casque typical of the hornbill family.
 Roman Andreyevich Rudenko (Russian: Рома́н Андре́евич Руде́нко Ukrainian: Роман Андрійович Руденко Nosivka Chernihiv Oblast; July 30 1907 - January 23 1981 Moscow) was a Soviet lawyer. He was the prosecutor of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic from 1944-1953 and Chief prosecutor of the entire Soviet Union from 1953.
 Nicholas Hugh Nick Brown (born 13 June 1950) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Newcastle upon Tyne East since 1983. He has served as Minister of Agriculture Fisheries and Food Minister of State for Work and Pensions Deputy Chief Whip and was the Government's Chief Whip from October 2008 to May 2010.
 Leona G. Telek (born April 6 1931) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Akmuo is a village in Jakėnų eldership (lt) Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 and 2011 census the village has a population of 0.
 John Sharpenstein Hager (March 12 1818 – March 19 1890) was an American politician from the U.S. state of California. He served in the U.S. Senate from 1873 to 1875.
 The Spotted Laughingthrush (Garrulax ocellatus) is a bird species in the Leiothrichidae family. In the proposed rearrangement of the laughingthrushes it is sometimes placed in the genus Ianthocincla as I. ocellata.It is found in Bhutan China India Myanmar and Nepal. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Vinciguerria attenuata is a species of lightfish.
 Kavitha Maloth (born 1981) is an Indian politician and an Member of Legislative Assembly from Mahbubabad constituency.
 Patsy's is a well-known family-owned and operated Neapolitan cuisine restaurant located at 236 West 56th Street (between Broadway and Eighth Avenue) Manhattan in New York City's Theater District.
 Lifeblood is a children's novel by Tom Becker first published in 2007. It is the sequel to Darkside and the second in a planned series of five. Jonathan Starling has remained in Darkside with Elias Carnegie. As with the first story in the series the pair gets drawn into a mystery that soon turns to them trying to solve a murder. They are approached to discover who an unknown victim is.
 Scopula ochreofusa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Uganda.
 A Beautiful Friendship is a 2011 young adult science fiction novel by American author David Weber. Set in the fictional Honorverse the book serves as a prequel to the main Honor Harrington series which takes place hundreds of years later in the fictional timeline.It features Stephanie Harrington an ancestor of the main character Honor Harrington who has been mentioned a number of times.
 Evelyn J. Lynn is a Republican Party member of the Florida Senate representing the 7th District since 2003. Her district includes parts of Clay County Marion County Putnam County and Volusia County Florida. Previously she was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1995 through 2002.Lynn received her Doctorate from the University of Florida and resides in Ormond Beach Florida.
 Time in Place is the third studio album by guitarist Mike Stern released in 1988 through Atlantic Records and reissued on September 18 2007 through Wounded Bird Records.
 The Rwenzori Mountains previously called the Ruwenzori Range (spelling changed c. 1980 to conform more closely with the local name Rwenjura) and sometimes the Mountains of the Moon is a mountain range of eastern Equatorial Africa located on the border between Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.The Rwenzori Mountains reach heights up to 5109 m (16761 ft) at 0°23′09″N 29°52′18″E.
 World Power is the debut album of German Eurodance project Snap! released in 1990 on Bookmark/Ariola Records. The album received generally positive reviews from music critics as the project's musical style and its vocalists Turbo B and Penny Tiny Ford were well received. It also achieved considerable commercial success with the help of four international top-ten hits including its best-selling single The Power.
 Strip Me is the third studio album by British singer-songwriter Natasha Bedingfield. Originally due for release on 9 November 2010 the album's release was pushed back to 7 December 2010 on Phonogenic Records.
 This article is about the book by Ken Wilber. See Theory of everything (disambiguation) for other uses.A Theory of Everything: An Integral Vision for Business Politics Science and Spirituality is a book by Ken Wilber detailing his approach to building a conceptual model of the World that encompasses both its physical and spiritual dimensions.
 Osvaldo Euclides de Sousa Aranha (Portuguese pronunciation: [osˈvawdu aˈɾaɲɐ] February 15 1894 – January 27 1960) was a Brazilian politician diplomat and statesman who came to national prominence in 1930 under Getúlio Vargas.He is known in international politics for lobbying for the creation of the State of Israel as head of the Brazilian delegation to the UN and President of the UN General Assembly in 1947.
 Kopff is a lunar crater that lies along the eastern edge of the inner Mare Orientale impact basin on the western limb of the Moon. In this position the crater is seen from on edge from the Earth and its visibility is affected by libration.
 The Kokshenga (Russian: Кокшеньга Кокшенга) is a river in Tarnogsky District of Vologda Oblast and Ustyansky and Velsky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Ustya River and thus belongs to the Northern Dvina river basin. The length of the river is 251 kilometres (156 mi). The area of its basin 5670 square kilometres (2190 sq mi). Its main tributaries are the Pechenga River (right) and Uftyuga (left).
 Sasykkol Lake (Kazakh: Сасықкөл) is a lake in eastern part of Kazakhstan. It is located at around 46°35′0″N 81°0′0″E. It has an area of 600 km² (736 km² when water level in the lake is high) average depth of 3.3 m and maximum depth of 4.7 m. Fishery on the lake is common. The Mute Swan Whooper Swan and Spoonbill can be found here.
 Chakab (Persian: چكاب‎ also Romanized as Chakāb and Chekāb) is a village in Fariman Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Homalocantha tortua is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Inde is a small river in Belgium and Germany left tributary of the Rur. It has its source near Raeren in Eastern Belgium runs through Aachen-Kornelimünster Eschweiler and Inden and flows into the river Rur near Jülich. Because of lignite opencast mining it has been diverted in 2003 near to Inden-Lamersdorf.The brooks Omerbach Otterbach Saubach Vichtbach and Wehebach flow into the Inde.Its name is of Celtic origin: Inda.
 Joan Lovely is a Democratic member of the Massachusetts Senate representing the Second Essex district in the Massachusetts Senate since 2013. She previously served on the Salem Massachusetts City Council from 1998 to 2012 and was Council President in 2001 and 2012.
 Fairham Brook is a 16-mile-long (26 km) tributary of the River Trent that flows through Leicestershire and Nottinghamshire in England.
 King Kong is a 1976 American monster thriller film produced by Dino De Laurentiis and directed by John Guillermin. It is a remake of the 1933 classic film of the same name about a giant ape that is captured and imported to New York City for exhibition.
 George Brydges Rodney (April 2 1803 – June 18 1883) was an American lawyer and politician from New Castle in New Castle County Delaware. He was a member of the Whig Party who served as United States Representative from Delaware.
 Zaglossus robustus is an extinct species of long-beaked echidna known from the middle Miocene (about 13 or 14 million years ago) of Gulgong New South Wales Australia. It may belong in the genus Megalibgwilia. The supposed fossil platypus Ornithorhynchus maximus was based on a humerus of this species.
 Moomins on the Riviera is an upcoming French traditional animated comedy film based on Moomin comic strips by Tove Jansson and Lars Jansson. The film has co-production of Finnish Handle Productions and French Pictak Cie. The film is directed by Xavier Picard and produced by Hanna Hemilä.The film is heavily based on the Moomin comic strip story of the same name as Moomins along with Snorkmaiden and Little My sail for the Riviera where many different twists and turns of events take place.
 Righting Wrongs (Chinese: 執法先鋒 aka Above the Law) is a 1986 Hong Kong action film directed by Corey Yuen who also co-stars in the film and starring Yuen Biao and Cynthia Rothrock. This is the one of Yuen Biao's better known films that he made without film industry compatriots Sammo Hung and Jackie Chan.
 Paramyiolia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Non Zero Sumness is the debut album released by Planet Funk.It has been also released a limited edition version of the album called Non Zero Sumness Plus Onecontaining the Bonus Track One Step Closer sung by Jim Kerr which is a vocal version of the instrumental Where is the Max.Track 11 has a hidden track entitled Rosa Blu which begins at the 7:05 marker.
 Bolus (Persian: بلوس‎ also Romanized as Bolūs) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 60 families.
 Elusa ustula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Peninsular Malaysia Borneo and Taiwan.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The forewings are deep rich brown and only weakly marked.
 C'era una volta la città dei matti... (English: There was once the city of the mad...) is Italian television film of two episodes.The film was shot in 2009. Its screenplay was written by Marco Turco who also directed it. Rai Fiction and Ciao Ragazzi! produced the film under the direction of Claudia Mori. The film was shown at Bari International Film & TV Festival on 25 January 2010 in Teatro Petruzzelli as well as on 7 and 8 February 2010 at TV channel Rai Uno.The film includes two episodes.
 Dariush Forouhar (Persian: داریوش فروهر‎) (August 1928 – November 1998) was a founder and leader of the Hezb-e Mellat-e Iran (Nation of Iran Party) a pan-Iranist opposition party in Iran.
 Little Lost Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Smoky Mountains in Sawtooth National Forest. While no trails lead to the lake it is most easily accessed from the end of forest road 170. The lake is located just east of Prairie Creek Peak. It is also near Smoky Lake Big Lost Lake and Upper and Lower Norton lakes.
 Coastal Grooves is the debut album by Dev Hynes as Blood Orange.
 Hopperstad Stave Church (Norwegian: Hopperstad stavkyrkje) is a stave church just outside the village of Vikøyri in Vik Municipality Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The church is currently owned by the Society for the Preservation of Ancient Norwegian Monuments. The church was once the main parish church for the Vik parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. It was replaced by Vik Church in 1877.
 Definition of a Band is the third studio album by R&B band Mint Condition. It was released on September 24 1996. Definition of a Band was Mint Condition's most successful recording to date- yielding both a hit single as well as a Gold certification from the RIAA. Before the release of the album the band were faced with label troubles. Their mentors and label heads Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis severed ties with Perspective Records.
 Salty is the second album by The Mutton Birds. Anchor Me reached the top 10 in the New Zealand singles chart.
 Charlie Bubbles is a British film of 1967 starring Billie Whitelaw and Albert Finney and also featuring a young Liza Minnelli. It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France.The film made great play of its Manchester setting contrasting the return of its eponymous lead character played by Finney to his home city after achieving success as a writer in London.
 Plusiinae is a smallish (for noctuid standards) subfamily of the moth family Noctuidae. As the Noctuidae appear to be a paraphyletic assemblage the Plusiinae may eventually be raised to family status (Weller et al. 1994).
 PARTYNEXTDOOR is the debut EP by the Canadian recording artist PartyNextDoor. It was released on October 23 2013 digitally through OVO Sound the label of the rapper Drake. The EP was available for purchase on iTunes.
 Romance 1600 is the second album from singer-drummer-percussionist Sheila E.. Although Prince wrote and played on the whole album other than the instrumental Merci for the Speed of a Mad Clown in Summer the only track he is credited for openly on the album sleeve itself is A Love Bizarre which was co-written and produced with Sheila E. and is a duet between the pair.
 Trinity Episcopal Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery on Church Street in Abbeville South Carolina.It was built in 1860 and added to the National Register in 1971.
 Wilkanów [vilˈkanuf] (German: Wölfelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Bystrzyca Kłodzka 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of Kłodzko and 101 kilometres (63 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Otto Eduard Leopold Prince of Bismarck Duke of Lauenburg (1 April 1815 – 30 July 1898) known as Otto von Bismarck was a conservative Prussian statesman who dominated German and European affairs from the 1860s until 1890. In the 1860s he engineered a series of wars that unified the German states (excluding Austria) into a powerful German Empire under Prussian leadership.
 Lake Morat (French: Lac de Morat (official name); German: Murtensee) is a lake located in the cantons of Fribourg and Vaud in the west of Switzerland. It is named after the small town of Murten/Morat on its southern shore. Its official name in switzerland is Lake Morat.It is the smallest of the three lakes in the Seeland or Pays des trois lacs area of the Swiss plateau located at the foot of the first chain of the Jura mountains. The main tributary is the river Broye.
 Ali Alatas (Arabic: علي العطاس‎ ʿAlī al-ʿAṭṭās; 4 November 1932 – 11 December 2008) was an Indonesian diplomat of Ba 'Alawi sada descent who served as the country's foreign minister from 1988 to 1999. He was Indonesia's longest serving foreign minister.
 Pierre-Hugues Boisvenu (born February 12 1949) is a Canadian politician and victim's rights activist who was appointed to the Senate of Canada on January 29 2010 representing the province of Quebec under the banner of the Conservative Party of Canada.Boisvenu is the founding president of the Murdered or Missing Persons' Families' Association which he founded after the 2002 rape and murder of his daughter Julie.He is also co-founder of the Le Nid centre a shelter for abused women in Val-d'Or and of a camp for underprivileged youth in Estrie.Professionally Boisvenu is a former provincial civil servant in Quebec and was regional director for the Department of Recreation Game and Fisheries and for the Department of the Environment before becoming Deputy Minister for the Department of Regions.Boisvenu has a bachelor’s degree in educational psychology from the Université de Montréal and a master’s degree in administration from L'École nationale d'administration publique in Quebec City.In February 2012 Boisvenu a key Conservative spokesman on crime issues stated that convicted murderers should be given the choice of suicide rather than spending life in jail. 
 The Cascade golden-mantled ground squirrel (Callospermophilus saturatus) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in the Cascade Mountains in the province of British Columbia Canada and the state of Washington United States.
 Homemade Worship by Handmade People is the second studio album released by the Christian experimental folk rock worship band Rend Collective Experiment on 10 January 2012 and the album was released and published under the Kingsway Music label.
 Mahmudabad-e Khalajabad (Persian: محمودابادخلج اباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Khalajābād) is a village in Qaemabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahriar County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2596 in 656 families.
 Good to Be Back is a 1989 album by Natalie Cole.The single Miss You Like Crazy peaked at #7 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and topped the Adult Contemporary and R&B Charts in 1989.
 Masters of the Burial is the second solo album from Canadian musician Amy Millan of Stars and Broken Social Scene. It was released in Canada on September 8 2009 on the Arts & Crafts label and features guest performances by Stars bandmate Evan Cranley Leslie Feist and others.Produced by Martin Davis Kinack
 The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing Traitor to the Nation Volume I: The Pox Party is an American historical novel for young adults written by M.T. Anderson and published by Candlewick Press in 2006. It won the annual U.S. National Book Award for Young People's Literatureand the American Library Association named it a Printz Honor Book one of four runners up for the annual Michael L.
 Mouna Geethangal (English:Silent Music) is a 1981 Indian Tamil language film directed by K. Bhagyaraj. The film stars K. Bhagyaraj himself alongside Saritha. The film was a blockbuster and was remade into Hindi as Ek Hi Bhool in the same year. It was also remade in Kannada as Mane Devru with Ravichandran.
 Laetilia portoricensis is a species of snout moth in the genus Laetilia. It was described by Dyar in 1915. It is found in Puerto Rico.Adults are generally brownish but the costal margin of the forewing is light grey.The larvae have been recorded feeding on unidentified scale insects on Cajanus cajan and the scale insect Saissetia oleae on Spathodea campanulata. They have also been reared on withering stems of Chromolaena odorata.
 The Charles Lovejoy House is a historic house at 64 Broad Street in Lynn Massachusetts. The 25 story Colonial Revival mansion was built in 1893 for Doctor Charles Lovejoy one of the founders of Lynn Hospital. It features a Palladian entrance with pilasters topped by a triangular pediment surrounding a recessed entry.
 Am I Blue is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Biała Rawska 23 km (14 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 76 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Victoria High School is a historic high school building located at Victoria Lunenburg County Virginia. It was built in 1922-1923 and is a one-story five bay brick building on a raised basement in the Classical Revival style. The front facade features a pedimented portico with round wooden Doric order columns and square pilasters. The portico projects from a pavilion that spans the center three bays of the school's front facade.
 Bayou Macon is a bayou in Arkansas and Louisiana United States. It begins in Desha County Arkansas and flows south between the Boeuf River to its west and the Mississippi River to its east before joining the Tensas River south of Delhi in Richland Parish Louisiana. Bayou Macon is about 218 miles (351 km) long.L. D.
 Düzdağ is a village in the District of Bozüyük Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 101 people.
 Jakubowo [jakuˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 My Irish Molly is a 1938 British musical film directed by Alex Bryce and starring Binkie Stuart Tom Burke and Maureen O'Hara. A young orphan runs away from her mean-spirited guardian to live with her aunt. O'Hara appeared in the film under her real name of Maureen FitzSimons.
 Claude Lajeunesse (born 1941) is a Canadian who is the president and chief executive officer of the Aerospace Industries Association of Canada appointed to that post on Nov. 30 2007.He is the former President and Vice-Chancellor of Concordia University.
 John Charles Kaine (1854–1923) was a Quebec politician. He was born in the parish of Notre-Dame de Québec October 18 1854 son of John Kaine and Ellen McGowan.He studied at the Commercial Academy of Quebec.He entered the business world in 1886 and was a ship-owner and wood merchant. He became president of the Kaine and Bird transport company.
 Ayenehlu (Persian: اينه لو‎ also Romanized as Āyenehlū and Ā'īnehlū) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 4 families.The village's proximity to the summer camps of Chaparli and Aqdash has made it a prime destination for Ecotourism. At the turn of the nineteenth century Ayenehlu was one of the 17 villages of Arasbaran where Armenians lived.
 Canace nascia is a European species of Canacidae.
 The Gada River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică River in Romania.
 Sam Arora (born January 9 1981) is an American businessman and politician from Montgomery County Maryland. A Democrat Arora was elected to the Maryland House of Delegates in 2010 representing the state's 19th district. He was sworn into office on January 12 2011.
 Stephen A. Humphrey is an American politician and a Republican member of the Colorado House of Representatives representing District 48 since January 9 2013.
 Teresin [tɛˈrɛɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Proszowice and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 320.
 Anthology is the fourth compilation album by singer Stella Parton.
 James “Sunny Jim” Rolph Jr. (August 23 1869 – June 2 1934) was an American politician and a member of the Republican Party. He was elected to a single term as the 27th governor of California from January 6 1931 until his death on June 2 1934 at the height of the Great Depression. Previously Rolph had been the 30th mayor of San Francisco from January 8 1912 until his resignation to become governor. Rolph remains the longest serving mayor in San Francisco history.
 Dindigul Sarathy is a 2008 Indian Tamil language drama film directed by Siva Sanmukan starring Karunaas Karthika Livingston Nassar Saranya Puja Bharati M. S. Baskar Periyar Dasan Manobala Mayilsamy and Shanumuga Rajan. It is a remake of Vadakkunokkiyantram (1989) a popular Malayalam film by Sreenivasan.
 The Cathedral Church of Saint Michael and All Angels (formerly The St. Michael's Parish Church) is an Anglican church located on St. Michael's Row two blocks east of National Heroes Square; at the centre of Bridgetown Barbados.
 Bedotia sp. nov. 'Garassa' is a species of fish in the Bedotiidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Jacob Joseph Jack Lew (born August 29 1955) is an American government administrator and attorney who is the 76th and current United States Secretary of the Treasury serving since 2013. He served as the 25th White House Chief of Staff from 2012 to 2013. Lew previously served as Director of the Office of Management and Budget in the Clinton and Obama Administrations and is a member of the Democratic Party.Born in New York City Lew received his A.B. from Harvard College and his J.D.
 Piesienica [pjɛɕɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Zblewo 9 km (6 mi) west of Starogard Gdański and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 224.
 Maid for Each Other is a 1992 made-for-TV movie starring Nell Carter and Dinah Manoff. It was written by Manoff Robb Gilmer Les Alexander Don Enright and Andrew Smith produced by Enright and Alexander and directed by Paul Schneider.
 Fearless also known as Huo Yuanjia in Chinese and as Jet Li's Fearless in the United Kingdom and in the United States is a 2006 Chinese martial arts film directed by Ronny Yu and starring Jet Li.
 On the Outside Looking In is the 1994 album by Eightball & MJG released on Suave House Records.
 Live from the 9:30 Club: Bootleg No. 3 is the third live album released by Denver-based piano-rock band The Fray released as both a CD and a digital download for those who pre-ordered their second album The Fray. Live from the 9:30 Club was recorded during The Fray's club tour in January 2009 shortly before the release of The Fray on 2 February 2009.
 Zmeitsa (Bulgarian: Змейца) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria. It is located in the municipality of Dospat Smolyan Province.
 Autoimmunity is an international peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the pathogenesis immunology genetics and molecular biology of immune and autoimmune responses. In addition the journal focuses on the autoimmune processes associated with systemic lupus erythematosus rheumatoid arthritis Sjögren syndrome diabetes multiple sclerosis and other systemic and organ-specific autoimmune diseases.
 Shirkol is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 The Ash-throated Crake (Porzana albicollis) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia French Guiana Guyana Paraguay Peru Suriname Trinidad and Tobago and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and swamps.Small secretive crake with a short bill. With black and olive brown streaks on the back. Tail is black underparts slate except throat is pale grey.
 The Destruction of Dresden is a 1963 non-fiction book written by David Irving that describes the February 1945 Allied bombing of Dresden in World War II. The book became an international bestseller during the 1960s debate about the morality of the World War II area bombing of the Nazi Germany civilian population. The book is no longer considered to be an authoritative or reliable account of the Allied bombing and destruction of Dresden during February 1945.
 The Barrier is a 1926 American silent adventure film produced and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and directed by George Hill. The film stars Lionel Barrymore and Marceline Day and is based on the 1908 wilderness novel of the same name by Rex Beach. Previous versions of the novel had been filmed in 1913 and 1917 respectively. This film is the last silent version to be filmed. A lost film.
 Gopon Kotha is the second studio album by Muhin released in 2009 on the Boshudha Arb record label in Bangladesh.
 Thomas Maxwell Henderson (1810 – 27 June 1886) was a New Zealand politician. He was one of the earliest settlers in Auckland. He was a significant entrepreneur and the Auckland suburb of Henderson bears his name.
 The Pool Of Life Revisited is the second album released by Mike Badger and The Onset and their first on CD. It was released by the Probe Plus Label in 1994.
 Thrones Dominations is a Lord Peter Wimsey murder mystery novel that Dorothy L. Sayers began writing but abandoned and which remained as fragments and notes at her death. It was completed by Jill Paton Walsh and published in 1998. The title is a quotation from John Milton's Paradise Lost and refers to two categories of angel in the Christian angelic hierarchy.
 The two to four species of Polynesian sandpipers the only members of the genus Prosobonia are small wading birds confined to remote Pacific islands of French Polynesia. Only one species now exists and it is rare and little known. This bird is sometimes separated in the genus Aechmorhynchus restricting the genus to the extinct southern forms.The Tuamotu Sandpiper P.
 My Life Without Me is a 2003 Spanish/Canadian drama film directed by Isabel Coixet and starring Sarah Polley Mark Ruffalo Scott Speedman and Leonor Watling. Based on the book Pretending the Bed Is a Raft by Nanci Kincaid it tells a story of a 23-year-old woman with a husband and two daughters who finds out she is going to die soon. The film was produced by Pedro Almodóvar's production company El Deseo.
 Mushishi (蟲師) is a manga series written and illustrated by Yuki Urushibara. It was serialized in Afternoon Seasons Zōkan from 1999 to 2002 and in Monthly Afternoon from December 2002 to August 2008. The individual chapters were collected and released into ten tankōbon volumes by Kodansha. Those volumes were localized to North America by Del Rey between January 2007 and August 2010.
 Christmas Chants is a seasonal album by German band Gregorian released in 2006. In 2008 a special edition titled Christmas Chants & Visions was released containing the original CD with two bonus tracks and a DVD. The live concert DVD was filmed in Berlin in December 2007 during Gregorian's Christmas tour.
 Arputha Theevu is a Tamil film released on 14 April 2007 starring Prithviraj Sukumaran Guinness Pakru and Mallika Kapoor amongst others. It is the dubbed version of Malayalam film Albudhadweep.Albhutha Dweepu was released in 2005 and the remake rights were sold almost immediately to Hollywood director Ron Howard who was in India at that time.The film stars 300 dwarfs and all 300 are to enact the same role in Hollywood version of the movie with Leonardo DiCaprio.
 Claire Levy (born July 3 1956) is a former legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado. Elected to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Democrat in 2006 Levy represented House District 13 which encompasses Clear Creek Gilpin and eastern Boulder counties. Levy was named the Executive Director of the Colorado Center on Law and Policy on November 1 2013.
 Tristia of the Deep-Blue Sea (蒼い海のトリスティア Aoi Umi no Tristia) is a PS2 and PC game developed by Kogado Studio. This game is part of the Deep-Blue series along with the sequel Neosphere of the Deep-Blue Sky (蒼い空のネオスフィア) and Akatsuki no Amaneka to Aoi Kyojin. The story has been adapted into an OVA and has been released with a title of 發明工坊 in China Hong Kong Taiwan U.S.A. Russia and Poland.For the 10th anniversary celebration this game will be re-released in PSP format in August 2012
 Blanford's Lark or Blanford's Short-toed Lark (Calandrella blanfordi) is a small passerine bird of the lark family Alaudidae. It occurs in north-east Africa and Arabia. Its common name commemorates the English zoologist William Thomas Blanford. It was formerly included in either the Greater Short-toed Lark (C. brachydactyla) or the Red-capped Lark (C. cinerea) but is now commonly treated as a separate species. Erlanger's Lark (C.
 Mount Graham (called in Nnee biyati' (Western Apache) Dzil Nchaa Si An - ′Big Seated Mountain′) is a mountain in southeastern Arizona in the United States. The mountain reaches 10720 feet (3267 m) in height. It is the highest elevation in Graham County Coronado National Forest and the Pinaleño Mountains As the name Mount Graham is often used by locals to refer to the entire mountain range the peak itself is frequently referred to as High Peak.
 Pieńki [ˈpjɛɲki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mist (Spanish: Niebla) is a nivola written by Miguel de Unamuno in 1907 and published in 1914. Unamuno scholars such as J.A.G. Ardila have contended that Mist was inspired by the Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard's work Diary of a Seducer a novella in Either/Or.
 Donovan's Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the United States in January 1969 (Epic Records BXN 26439 (stereo)) and in the United Kingdom in March 1969 (Pye Records NPL 18283 (monaural) / NSPL 18283 (stereo)). Donovan's Greatest Hits was a major seller reaching #4 in the US. On March 30 1999 Epic/Legacy Records released an expanded version of Donovan's Greatest Hits (Epic/Legacy 65730).
 Tarzymiechy Drugie [taʐɨˈmjɛxɨ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Izbica 17 km (11 mi) south of Krasnystaw and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 360.
 Gunther's banded tree frog Hypsiboas fasciatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and possibly Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 The Nerepis River is a river approximately 25 miles long located in New Brunswick Canada. A popular river for canoeists and anglers it is a tributary of the Saint John River. The river has been subjected to significant environmental stress over many years.The river meets the Saint John River at Westfield part of the Town of Grand Bay-Westfield where it feeds a fresh water marsh.
 François-Théodore Savoie (February 14 1846 – September 9 1921) was a Canadian politician.He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the Quebec electoral district of Mégantic in the 1904 federal election. A Liberal he was re-elected in 1908. In 1915 he was appointed to the Legislative Council of Quebec for the Kennebec Division. He died while in office in 1921.
 Blazing Frontier is a 1943 American film directed by Sam Newfield.The film is also known as Blazing Range (American recut version).
 Plain Vagrant Buquet's Vagrant or Green-eyed Monster (Nepheronia buquetii ) is a butterfly of the Pieridae family. It is found throughout Africa.The wingspan is 45–50 mm for males and 48–56 mm for females. Adults are on the wing year-round more common in winter months.The larvae feed on Azima tetracantha and Salvadora persica.
 The Return of Maxim (Russian: Возвращение Максима) is a 1937 Soviet film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg the second part of trilogy about the life of a young factory worker Maxim.In July 1914 the Bolsheviks and Mensehviks compete for representation of the working-class in the Duma. Maksim who just returned from exile calls the workers to strike as a protest against the firing of six of their colleagues. The traitor Platon Dymba assaults Maksim wounding him severely.
 Pebbles Volume 3 is a compilation album among the CDs in the Pebbles series and is a different album from the Pebbles Volume 3 CD that was released by AIP Records in 1992.
 Empire of the Wolves (French: L'Empire des loups) is a 2005 movie directed by Chris Nahon written by Christian Clavier Jean-Christophe Grangé Chris Nahon and Franck Ollivier and starring Jean Reno Arly Jover and Jocelyn Quivrin.
 The Presidential Palace (Croatian: Predsjednički dvori also referred to by the metonym Pantovčak) in Zagreb is the official residence of the President of Croatia. The president does not actually live in the building as it is used to house the Office of the President of Croatia rather than as a residence. The structure covers 3700 square metres (40000 square feet) and in 2009 government budget it was allocated 54 million kuna (c. 7.3 million euro).
 The Southern Antpipit (Corythopis delalandi) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family the tyrant flycatchers. It is one of two species in the genus Corythopis. It is found in southern Brazil and the pantanal of Paraguay Bolivia and Brazil; also extreme north-eastern Argentina. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Hasanabad-e Zandi (Persian: حسن ابادزندي‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Zandī; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District Koshkuiyeh District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 313 in 69 families.
 Saidai Samiyappan Duraisamy (born 16 February 1951) is an Indian politician and as of 2011 is the incumbent Mayor of the Corporation of Chennai. He is the first All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) candidate to become the Mayor of Chennai. He is the also the founder and Chairman of the Manidhaneyam a free IAS & IPS coaching centre in Tamil Nadu.
 Five Have A Wonderful Time (published in 1952) is a popular children's book written by Enid Blyton. It is the eleventh novel in the Famous Five series of books.
 Die Welt ist schön (The World is Beautiful) is a 1928 book of photography by German photographer Albert Renger-Patzsch. A popular work at the time Die Welt ist schön is generally considered one of the most important books of photography published in the Weimar Republic and as an iconic example of the photography of New Objectivity.
 Suzhou Xindi Center is a 54-floor 232 meter (761 foot) tall skyscraper completed in 2006 located in Suzhou China.
 Adolfo Carrión Jr. (born March 6 1961) is a politician from City Island located in New York City New York. He served for seven years as the Borough President of the Bronx for a year as the first director of the Office of Urban Affairs in the Obama Administration and then for nearly two years as Regional Director for HUD's New York and New Jersey Regional Office.
 Magic Hollow is a box set compilation by The Beau Brummels comprising 113 songs recorded between 1964-1968 including hit singles demos outtakes rarities and previously unissued material. The set was released on June 21 2005 by Rhino Handmade.
 10th & Wolf is a 2006 film about the Mafia directed by Robert Moresco. It is based on a true story of a mob war in South Philadelphia.
 Het geheim van het slot Arco is a 1915 Dutch silent drama film horror directed by Maurits Binger and Jan van Dommelen.The English title is: The secret of castle Arco the film consist of a Dutch cast while the production site was shot in Austria. The film is considered missing.The storyline is about a man without a head that haunts the castle Arco in the 16th century.
 A Woman Under the Influence is a 1974 American drama film written and directed by John Cassavetes. It focuses on a woman whose unusual behavior leads her husband to commit her for psychiatric treatment and the effect this has on their family. It received two Academy Award nominations for Best Actress and Best Director.
 London River is a 2009 British drama film written and produced by Franco-Algerian film director Rachid Bouchareb. Starring Brenda Blethyn and Sotigui Kouyaté it centres on the journey of two people searching for their children after the 7 July 2005 London bombings.
 The Painted Bird is a controversial 1965 novel by Jerzy Kosiński which describes the world as seen by a young boy considered a Gypsy or Jewish stray who wanders about small towns scattered around Eastern Europe during World War II.
 Krak des Chevaliers (French pronunciation: ​[kʁak de ʃəvaˈlje]) (Arabic: قلعة الحصن‎) also Crac des Chevaliers is a Crusader castle in Syria and one of the most important preserved medieval castles in the world. The site was first inhabited in the 11th century by a settlement of Kurds; as a result it was known as Hisn al Akrad meaning the Castle of the Kurds. In 1142 it was given by Raymond II Count of Tripoli to the Knights Hospitaller.
 The Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) was a system of large computers and associated networking equipment that coordinated data from many radar sites and processed it to produce a single unified image of the airspace over a wide area. SAGE directed and controlled the NORAD response to a Soviet air attack operating in this role from the late 1950s into the 1980s. Its enormous computers and huge displays remain a part of cold war lore and a common prop in movies such as Dr.
 Falso Amor (also known as Casas de Carton) is the debut studio album released by Los Bukis in 1975. After signing with Discos Melody in Mexico.
 Baranagar Math (Baranagar Monastery) or Ramakrishna Math Baranagar was the first monastery of Ramakrishna Order. In September 1886 after the death of Ramakrishna when his devotees stopped funding Swami Vivekananda (then known as Narendranath Datta) and other disciples of Ramakrishna decided to make a dilapidated house at Baranagar their new math. The house crumbled to dust in 1897. In 1973 Vivekananda Math Samrakshan Samity was formed who attempted to preserve the area.
 Even Though I Don't Miss You (ISBN 978-0-9896950-0-8) is a collection of poems by Chelsea Martin published by Short Flight/Long Drive Books in 2013.
 The pearly razorfish or cleaver wrasse Xyrichtys novacula is a species of wrasse. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and is popular as a game fish. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Annihilation of Civilization is the debut album from Evildead a thrash metal band originating from California United States. It was released on April 3 1989 on Steamhammer Records and was followed up by the EP Rise Above released some months later.
 Biała Panieńska [ˈbjawa paˈɲeɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychwał within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Rychwał 24 km (15 mi) south of Konin and 96 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Janson Directive is a novel by Robert Ludlum. The posthumous novel was published in 2002 a year after Ludlum's death.
 Lobocla liliana commonly called Marbled Flat is a hesperiid butterfly which is found in Asia.
 The Bloody Crown of Conan is the second of a three volume set collecting the Conan stories by author Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in 2004 first in the United Kingdom by Wandering Star Books under the title Conan of Cimmeria: Volume Two (1934) and then in the United States by Ballantine/Del Rey under the present title in 2005. The Science Fiction Book Club subsequently reprinted the complete set in hardcover.
 Dale Head is a fell in the northwestern sector of the Lake District in northern England. It is 753 metres or 2470 feet above sea level and stands immediately north of Honister Pass the road between Borrowdale and Buttermere.
 Al-Otrush Mosque (Arabic: جامع الأطروش‎) also known as Demirdash Mosque is a mosque in the Syrian city of Aleppo located at the south of the Citadel in al-A'jam district of the Ancient City few meters away from Al-Sultaniyah Madrasa. It was built at the end of the 14th century by the efforts of the Mamluk ruler of Aleppo; Aqbogha al-Otrush.
 Sex and Death 101 is a 2007 dark comedy science fiction film written and directed by Daniel Waters released in the United States on April 4 2008. This film marks the reunion of writer-director Daniel Waters and Winona Ryder who previously worked on 1989's Heathers written by Waters.
 The Fiescher Gabelhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Konkordiaplatz in the canton of Valais.
 September (Turkish: Eylül) is a 2011 Turkish drama film written and directed by Cemil Ağacıkoğlu starring Turgay Aydın and Görkem Yeltan as an introverted couple who encounter a maltreated young woman.
 Zakia Hamdani Meghji (born 31 December 1946) is a Tanzanian politician who served as the Minister of Finance from 2006 to 2008. She was the first woman to hold this post.
 Eat or Be Eaten (食うか食われるか Kuu ka Kuwareru ka) is a light novel with homoerotic themes written by Jinko Fuyuno and illustrated by Yamimaru Enjin author of works such as The Way To Heaven and Voice or Noise. It was published by Frontier Works in Japanese and was published in English by Digital Manga Publishing in May 2009.
 Strombach (Agger) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Rajin (Persian: رجعين‎ also Romanized as Raj‘īn Raja’īn and Raj’īn) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1762 in 461 families.
 5280 is the city magazine in Denver Colorado published by 5280 Publishing Inc. Its name derives from Denver's elevation of 5280 feet (1609 m / 1 mile) above sea level.The magazine was founded in 1993 by Daniel Brogan a former reporter and columnist for The Chicago Tribune.
 Palaemonetes vulgaris variously known as the common American prawn common grass shrimp marsh grass shrimp or marsh shrimp is a common species of shrimp in the western Atlantic Ocean from Cape Cod Bay to the Gulf of Mexico. Adults grow to less than 5 cm (2.0 in) long and are transparent except for some orange pigmentation on the eyestalks.
 Under the Table Tennis is Tim Fite's ninth album. Like a number of his previous albums it was released free of charge on his website.
 Smrk is a massif and a mountain in the Moravian-Silesian Beskids range in the Czech Republic. With a height of 1276 m (4186 ft) it is the second highest summit of the range after Lysá hora. Its Northern slope steeply rises from the surrounding lowlands and is separated from the rest of the mountains by the deep Ostravice River (in the East) and Čeladenka (in the West) river valleys; in the South it merges in the lower Zadní hory (i.e.
 My Australian Roots is a 1989 album by Australian rude singer/comedian Kevin Bloody Wilson
 The Miya River (宮川 Miya-gawa) is a major river that flows through central Mie Prefecture on the island of Honshū Japan. It is officially classified as a Class 1 river by the Japanese government and is one of four Class 1 rivers that flow solely through Mie; it is the longest among these four.It is known to be especially pristine.
 Heavy Traffic OST is the soundtrack to Ralph Bakshi's 1973 film Heavy Traffic. The film's score was performed by Ed Bogas and Ray Shanklin. The soundtrack album was released on Fantasy Records in 1973. The album was released on compact disc in 1996 as part of a compilation that featured both the soundtracks to Fritz the Cat and Heavy Traffic on the same disc.
 Mandekal Aru is a river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. The river rises in western Mullaitivu District before flowing north through Mullaitivu District and Kilinochchi District. The river empties into Palk Bay.
 Jackson Center is a village in Shelby County Ohio United States. The population was 1462 at the 2010 census. Since 1952 Jackson Center has been the home of the popular Airstream travel trailers and motor homes.Jackson Center is accessible from Interstate 75 at Exit 102 north of the Shelby County seat of Sidney. State Route 274 links I-75 to Jackson Center (the exit is signed Jackson Center/New Bremen).
 Malcolm Everard MacLaren Pearson Baron Pearson of Rannoch (born 20 July 1942 Devizes Wiltshire) is a British businessman and the former leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP). He is a member of the House of Lords.
 P. C. George is a Christian politician and a six-time Member of the Legislative Assembly of Kerala from the Poonjar Constituency in Kottayam District. He is known to be outspoken often criticizing members and policies of both the ruling as well as opposition fronts in Kerala.
 Shadian (Persian: شاديان‎ also Romanized as Shādīān) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 312 in 61 families.
 Hylomys is a small genus of the family Erinaceidae. Hylomys species like all species in the subfamily Galericinae are known as gymnures or moonrats. Their closest relatives include the fossil Lantanotherium and Thaiagymnura and the living Neotetracus and Neohylomys.Members of this genus are found in Southeast Asia and Eastern Asia.
 The Buff-headed Coucal (Centropus milo) is a species of coucal. These are often placed in the cuckoo family (Cuculidae) but seem to warrant recognition as a distinct family. C. milo is a common endemic of the central islands of the Solomon Islands. Its natural habitat is tropical moist lowland and mountain forests mostly in primary and secondary growth.This species is a large cuckoo with a heavy bill and short wings.
 The Business Man is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe about a businessman boasting of his accomplishments. It was published in February 1840 in Burton's Gentleman's Magazine. The story questions the concept of a self-made man.
 Altamonte Mall is a super-regional shopping mall located in Altamonte Springs Florida United States a suburb of Orlando. One of the larger malls in the area the mall has around 160 stores and four anchors. The mall was built in 1974 and renovated in 1989 and 2003-2004.[citation needed]Notable tenants are Abercrombie and Fitch Banana Republic Coach Inc. Apple Inc. Pandora Jewelry and New York and Company.
 The House at 6 Kent Court is a historic colonial-era house in Somerville Massachusetts. The Georgian style house was built in 1750 and is one of the oldest buildings in the city. It is known that there were a number of houses in this area but it is likely that this house was moved possible from Somerville Avenue around the turn of the 20th century.
 The Lübecker Nachrichten (LN; German for Lübeck News) is a regional daily newspaper in Germany covering Schleswig-Holstein and western Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. It is along with the Schleswig-Holsteinischer Zeitungsverlag and the Kieler Nachrichten one of the largest daily newspapers in Schleswig-Holstein.LN appears daily except on Mondays and days after holidays.
 George Hope Bertram (March 12 1847 – 20 March 1900) was a Canadian businessman and politician.Born in Fenton Barns Scotland to Hugh Bertram and Isabella Mack Bertram emigrated to join his brother John in Canada in 1865. After opening a hardware store in Lindsay Ontario he moved to Toronto in 1876. A prominent businessman Bertram was elected to federal parliament as a member of the Canadian House of Commons for Toronto Centre in an 1897 by-election.
 The rusty parrotfish Scarus ferrugineus is a species of fish found on coral reefs in the Red Sea the Gulf of Aden and the Persian Gulf. It is generally common. It measures up to 41 cm (16 in) in length. While the terminal phase is multicoloured the initial phase which frequently is seen in groups is overall brownish with a yellow tail.
 A Shot in the West is a 2006 low budget short film shot in the rundown council estate of Drumchapel Glasgow. The film was written directed and edited by three friends (Justin Burns Bob Kelly and John Maguire). All sound and camera equipment was borrowed from a local community group. Many interior shots were filmed at a local public house where the crew were allowed take over the function suite for two and a half days. Catering was supplied by a local bakery.
 Hadropithecus is a medium-sized extinct genus of lemur or strepsirrhine primate from Madagascar that includes a single species Hadropithecus stenognathus. Due to its rarity and lack of sufficient skeletal remains it is one of the least understood of the extinct lemurs. Both it and Archaeolemur are collectively known as monkey lemurs or baboon lemurs due to body plans and dentition that suggest a terrestrial lifestyle and a diet similar to that of modern baboons.
 Canales Reservoir is a reservoir in Güéjar Sierra province of Granada Andalusia Spain.
 Araripichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Aptian stage of the Early Cretaceous epoch.
 The Vâlcea River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mare River in Romania.
 Diphtherocome autumnalis is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Hirasea major is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.This is an endangered species.
 Creation is a 2009 British biographical drama film. Produced by Jeremy Thomas the film was directed by Jon Amiel and stars Paul Bettany and Jennifer Connelly as Charles and Emma Darwin. The film is a partly biographical partly fictionalised account of Charles Darwin's relationship with his eldest daughter Annie (Martha West) as he struggles to write On the Origin of Species. John Collee wrote the script based on Randal Keynes's biography of Darwin titled Annie's Box.
 Bigherd (Persian: بيغرد‎ also Romanized as Bīgherd; also known as Bakhard and Bīqerd) is a village in Tang-e Narak Rural District in the Central District of Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2469 in 419 families.
 Woodbury Common Premium Outlets is an outlet center located in Central Valley New York. The center is owned by Premium Outlets a subsidiary of Simon Property Group and takes its name from the town in which it is located. Opened in late 1985 expanded in 1993 and again in 1998 the center now has 220 stores occupying more than 800000 square feet (72000 m²) and is one of the largest contiguous outlet centers in the world.
 Best Defense is a comedy film starring Dudley Moore and Eddie Murphy. The original music score was composed by Patrick Williams. It was released in 1984 by Paramount Pictures.
 Papuk is the largest mountain in the Slavonia region in eastern Croatia near the city of Požega.
 Dez de Dezembro (In English: December 10th) is a posthumous album by Brazilian singer Cássia Eller released in 2002. It was produced by Nando Reis and mixed by Carlo Bartolini.
 The Evil One is a 2005 direct-to-video horror film directed by Parris Reaves and stars Saadiqa Teara Hill Willborn and Eric Lane.
 The Story of the Weeping Camel (Mongolian: Ингэн нулимс Ingen nulims Tears of the Camel) is a 2003 German docudrama distributed by ThinkFilm. It was released internationally in 2004. The movie was directed and written by Byambasuren Davaa and Luigi Falorni. The plot is about a family of nomadic shepherds in the Gobi Desert trying to save the life of a rare white bactrian camel (Camelus bactrianus) calf after it was rejected by its mother.
 Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah is a novel by writer and pilot Richard Bach. First published in 1977 the story questions the reader's view of reality proposing that what we call reality is merely an illusion we create for learning and enjoyment. Illusions was the author's followup to 1970's Jonathan Livingston Seagull.
 Nabih Berri (Arabic: نبيه بري‎; born 28 January 1938) is the Speaker of the Parliament of Lebanon. He heads the Shi'a Amal Movement.
 Hamidia Hospital is a multispeciality tertiary care teaching hospital in Bhopal Madhya Pradesh India.The hospital was earlier known as Prince of Wales King Edwards Memorial Hospital for men. It is affiliated to Gandhi Medical College Bhopal in the capital of Madhya Pradesh.Hamidia Hospital played a crucial role in emergency response and care after the Bhopal disaster.[citation needed]
 The Râul Neamțului cel Mare is a headwater of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 Terrace Mountain (elev. 8002 ft or 2439 m) is a mountain peak in the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park Wyoming United States. The mountain is located 2.2 miles (3.5 km) southwest of Mammoth Hot Springs. Terrace Mountain was named by the 1878 Hayden Geological Survey because of its proximity to the travertine terraces at Mammoth and because it too is an ancient travertine terrace.
 The Rivière des Remparts is a river on the Indian Ocean island of Réunion. It flows south from the slopes of the Piton des Songes in a deep caldera along the Piton de la Fournaise reaching the sea at the town of Saint-Joseph. It forms part of the Rivière des Remparts – Rivière Langevin Important Bird Area.
 The Japanese Paradise Flycatcher (Terpsiphone atrocaudata) also called the Black Paradise Flycatcher is a medium-sized passerine bird.
 Our Most Dangerous Stunts is an album of re-recorded songs by The Ozark Mountain Daredevils recorded in 1996 and originally released as Jackie Blue in the U.S. that same year.
 Beilstein is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Scopula ochrea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Yemen and Oman.
 The Rotters is a 1921 British silent comedy film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Joe Nightingale Sydney Fairbrother and Sidney Paxton. It was based on a play by H.F. Maltby.
 Jingo is the 21st novel by Terry Pratchett one of his Discworld series. It was published in 1997. The rising of a previously submerged island and the subconstituent sovereignty dispute were inspired by the real-life island of Ferdinandea.
 Palo Alto Plantation is located in Donaldsonville Louisiana. It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 13 1977.
 The Mövenpick Hotel Ramallah is a five-star hotel located in Ramallah. It cost $42.5m (£26.4m) to build.The hotel was first conceived in the 1990s but was delayed due to the political unrest that followed. Construction began in 2000 and was completed 10 years later in November 2010.
 The Poulter River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. The Poulter rises on the southern slopes of Mount Koeti in Arthur's Pass National Park flowing predominantly southwest to reach the Waimakariri River 15 kilometres to the east of Cass.
 The Dusky Moorhen (Gallinula tenebrosa) is a bird in the rail family. It occurs in Australia New Guinea and Indonesia.The New Guinea birds are smaller at 25–32 cm in length than the Australian race (35–40 cm 55–65 cm wingspan). In Indonesia this species is declining because of competition from the closely related Common Moorhen on the islands where both birds occur.The adult Dusky Moorhen is mainly dark grey-black with a browner tinge to the upper parts.
 Onchidium multinotatum is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Quenby Hall is a Jacobean house in parkland near the villages of Cold Newton and Hungarton Leicestershire England. It is described by Pevsner as: the most important early-seventeenth century house in the county (of Leicestershire). The Hall is Grade I listed and the park and gardens grade II by English Heritage.
 Dressed Up as Life was the second studio album released by the Australian alternative rock band Sick Puppies but was their first album to be released in the United States. It was released on 3 April 2007 and peaked at #181 on the U.S. Billboard 200 albums chart. The song All the Same is the theme for Juan Mann's Free Hugs Campaign video on YouTube although it also has its own video.
 Lake Humboldt or Humboldt Lake is an endorheic basin lake in northern Churchill County and southern Pershing County in the state of Nevada in the United States.The lake receives the Humboldt River from the north but has no outlet. Humboldt Sink an intermittent extension of the lake to the south crosses into northern Churchill County.
 The longcomb sawfish or green sawfish Pristis zijsron is a sawfish of the family Pristidae found in tropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific oceans from the Red Sea and east Africa to Papua New Guinea north to southern China and south to New South Wales Australia between latitudes 21° N and 37° S. This critically endangered species can reach a length of up to 7.3 metres (24 ft).
 Christopher J. Hodgkins (born August 24 1957 in Tucson Arizona) is an American politician who represented the 4th Berkshire District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1983–2003. In 2006 he was a candidate for Massachusetts Senate in the Berkshire Hampshire & Franklin District but lost the Democratic primary to Benjamin Downing.
 Rufus B. Rodriguez (born September 13 1953) is a Filipino politician.
 Gleedsville is an unincorporated village in Loudoun County Virginia. Gleedsville lies south of Leesburg on Gleedsville Road. According to the Geographic Names Information System the village has also been known as Leedsville.
 The Haydenville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the traditional village of Haydenville in Williamsburg Massachusetts. It includes properties on Main and High Streets and Kingsley Avenue. Its most prominent feature is the former Haydenville Manufacturing Company premises built in 1875 after a flood washed away the previous factory in 1874.
 The Pogue House was built in 1845 on a fifteen acre lot for industrialist Michael Ryan. The property was named Riverside by Ryan since it sits on a hillside with a sweeping ten mile (16 km) vista of the Ohio River. The property was subdivided in 1955 and the historic portion currently comprises three acres. The Greek Revival floor plan includes three stories of living space two rooms wide and two rooms deep with a center hall plus a partial basement.
 Raven Rise is the ninth book in The Pendragon Adventure by D.J. MacHale. It was published on May 20 2008.
 In Triumph is the fifth album by Swedish rock band The Quill.
 Battle Of Armagideon (Millionaire Liquidator) is an album from reggae artist Mr. Lee 'Scratch' Perry and his backing group at the time billed as the Upsetters . The album was released in 1986 on the Trojan Records label. It was re-released on CD in 1988 by Trojan and on October 9 2001 on the Sanctuary Records label.
 Abisara dewitzi is a butterfly in the Riodinidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Sankuru Lomami and Lualaba) north-western Zambia and possibly Angola. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae probably feed on Maesa species.
 Sedhawa is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2184 people living in 397 individual households.
 In A Box is the first official release by Ammonia released in 1994.
 The Owl and the Ape is a fantasy story written by L. Sprague de Camp as part of his Pusadian series. It was first published in the magazine Imagination Stories of Science and Fantasy for November 1951 and first appeared in book form in the de Camp's collection The Tritonian Ring and Other Pusadian Tales (Twayne 1953). It has also been translated into German.
 Lazar Moiseyevich Kaganovich (Russian: Ла́зарь Моисе́евич Кагано́вич; 22 November [O.S. 10 November] 1893 – 25 July 1991) was a Soviet politician and administrator and one of the main associates of Joseph Stalin. At his death in 1991 he was the last surviving Old Bolshevik almost outliving the existence of the Soviet Union itself.
 The Castle of Fu Manchu (1969) also known by its German title Die Folterkammer des Dr. Fu Man Chu is the fifth and final Fu Manchu film with Christopher Lee portraying the title character. The spy/crime film was filmed on location in Spain and Istanbul and originally released in West Germany in 1969. It was directed by Jesús Franco and also stars Richard Greene as Nayland Smith and Howard Marion-Crawford as Dr. Petrie.
 This article is about the original Penobscot Building. For other buildings also part of the Penobscot Block see: Penobscot Building Annex and Penobscot Building.The Penobscot Building is the original 13-story building of the Penobscot Block complex in downtown Detroit Michigan. It is the first Penobscot Building and one of three buildings of the same name in the later-constructed complex. It is located at 131 West Fort Street within the Detroit Financial District.
 The Letter is a 1959 concept album by American vocalist Judy Garland arranged by Gordon Jenkins.Chronicling a relationship the album features John Ireland.
 Alan Lasee (born July 30 1937) is an American politician. He was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate representing Wisconsin's 1st Senate District. He is a member of the Republican Party of Wisconsin. He also ran for county executive of Brown County in 2007.Lasee was born in Rockland Brown County Wisconsin and attended St. Norbert High School. He is married and has six children. He is a former dairy farmer and member of many Brown County Wisconsin organizations.
 Bloodsports is the sixth studio album by English alternative rock band Suede. It was released on 18 March 2013 via Sony Music Entertainment. It is their first studio album since A New Morning in 2002.
 Breakout is the second studio album by American recording artist Miley Cyrus released on July 22 2008 by Hollywood Records. It is her first record that is not affiliated with the television series Hannah Montana in which Cyrus portrays the titular character Hannah Montana. She co-wrote eight of its thirteen tracks several of which with the assistance of Antonina Armato and Tim James.
 Facial Angles refers to the content of two lectures on this subject by the Amsterdam professor of anatomy Petrus Camper on the 1st and 8 August in 1770 to the Amsterdam Drawing Academy called the Teken-akademie.
 Winter is a village in Sawyer County Wisconsin United States. The population was 233 at the 2010 census. The village is within the Town of Winter.
 A Man of the People is a 1966 satirical novel by Chinua Achebe. It is Achebe's fourth novel. The novel tells the story of the young and educated Odili the narrator and his conflict with Chief Nanga his former teacher who enters a career in politics in an unnamed modern African country. Odili represents the changing younger generation; Nanga represents the traditional customs of Nigeria.
 Fable for Another Time (French: Féerie pour une autre fois) is a 1952 novel by the French writer Louis-Ferdinand Céline. The narrative recounts Céline's experiences during what seems to be a hypothetical bombing of an area of Montmartre by the allies on the days preceding D-day. The whole of the action of this fairly long narrative lasts no more than twelve hours from the beginning of an evening to the morning after. It was followed by a sequel Normance published in 1954.
 The Marcus Sears Bell Farm is located in New Richmond Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Bienvenido L. Reyes is an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. He left the Court of Appeals on August 23 2011 to assume his current post with a very clean docket.
 78 Jumping Summer Carnival ('78ジャンピング・サマー・カーニバル Janpingu Sama Kanibaru) is the 5th live album by Japanese duo Pink Lady. This album was released on September 5 1978.
 Rite² is an ambient music album by Julian Cope released in 1997. It is technically Cope’s fourteenth solo album but is also the follow-up to the earlier album Rite (released in 1992 and credited to Julian Cope & Donald Ross Skinner) and is the second in the Rite series.For Rite² Cope collaborated extensively with synthesizer player Thighpaulsandra (Coil Spiritualized) although the album was credited to Cope alone.
 The Cook Reed Warbler or Cook Islands Reed Warbler (Acrocephalus kerearako) is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family. It is found only in the Cook Islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests swamps and rural gardens. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The starry weever Trachinus radiatus is a fish of the Trachinidae family widespread in the eastern Atlantic from Gibraltar to the Gulf of Guinea and probably further south; it is also known from the Mediterranean Sea. A marine subtropical fish it grows up to 50 cm in length.
 Patriot Games (1987) is a novel by Tom Clancy. It is chronologically the first book (predating the events in The Hunt for Red October) focusing on CIA analyst Jack Ryan the main character in many of Clancy's novels. It is the indirect sequel to Without Remorse. The title comes from an Irish Rebel Song called The Patriot Game an Irish ballad about the Border Campaign in Northern Ireland.
 The Newark Advertiser is a British regional newspaper owned by Advertiser Group Newspapers for the town of Newark-on-Trent and surrounding areas.
 This article describes the eighth album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 8 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 8 was released on November 20 2001. The album is the eighth edition of the Now! series in the U.S. It peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 and has been certified 3× Platinum by the RIAA.
 Kyshlak is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Oakland Plantation House is in Gurley Louisiana. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The house was built by Judge Thomas W. Scott in 1827. It has a wide front gallery and the entrance is highlighted by two large double doors.
 Breaktime is a young adult novel by Aidan Chambers. The book follows Ditto who debates with his friend Morgan about the value of literature but has to retreat for a week to sort things out.
 Czerwony Most [t͡ʂɛrˈvɔnɨ ˈmɔst] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Końskie and 36 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.
 Italian Style is a gay pornographic film directed by Lucas Kazan for Sarava Productions in 2000. It marks the first co-production between Kazan and executive producer Kristen Bjorn.The film was shot on location in Italy (Tuscany Romagna and Lazio) and won the 2001 GayVN Award for Best Foreign Video. Italian Style is visually overwhelming writes Onan the Vulgarian in XFactor: the men the sets the outdoor locations.
 Dobromerovići (Serbian: Добромеровићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 The Bicknell's Thrush (Catharus bicknelli) is a medium-sized thrush at 17.5 cm (6.9 in) and 28 g (1 oz). It was named after Eugene Bicknell an American amateur ornithologist who discovered the species on Slide Mountain in the Catskills in the late 19th century.Adults are olive-brown on the upperparts slightly redder on the tail. The underparts are white with gray on the flanks; the breast is greyish brown with dark spots. They have pink legs a faint grey eye ring and gray cheeks.
 Stenocercus is a genus of South American lizards commonly called whorltail iguanas of the Tropiduridae family. This genus has around sixty described species. The greatest species richness is in Ecuador and Peru but members of the genus are also found in Colombia Brazil Bolivia Paraguay Uruguay and northern Argentina.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Tarrud Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 12 families.
 The Robert C. Weaver Federal Building is a 10-story office building in Washington D.C. owned by the federal government of the United States. Completed in 1968 it serves as the headquarters of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Built by the General Services Administration it is a prime example of Brutalist architecture. The structure is named for Dr. Robert C.
 Meghave Meghave is a 2009 Kannada romantic film directed by V. Nagendra Prasad featuring Gracy Singh and Ram in the lead roles. The film released on 30 January 2009.
 That Day (French: Ce jour-là) is a 2003 French comedy film directed by Raúl Ruiz. It was entered into the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Letterkenny Post (formerly the Letterkenny Leader) is a freesheet newspaper published by River Media in Letterkenny County Donegal. It was the first paper from River Media. The newspaper specialises in property motoring entertainment farming and fashion. Its offices are located at the Dry Arch Business Park Bonagee. The paper also publishes a free digital copy of the paper through its website.
 Hate Rock 'N' Roll is the third compilation of B-sides and rare tracks by Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain.
 Diver Dan was a series of 104 seven-minute live-action shorts made for children's television. Made by Brian Cartoons it was syndicated (mainly to NBC affiliates) and distributed by ITC Entertainment. The shows were sometimes re-edited into half-hour (including commercials) blocks by local stations.The series featured the adventures of a diver in an old-fashioned diving suit who talked to the passing fish.
 The Korea Times is a Korean language Monday-Saturday newspaper published in Los Angeles California. It is the largest Korean language newspaper in the United States. It has bureaus in Los Angeles New York Washington D.C. San Francisco Chicago Seattle Atlanta Philadelphia Hawaii Toronto and Vancouver.
 Holopea is an extinct genus of fossil sea snails Paleozoic gastropod mollusks in the family Holopeidae.These molluscs were stationary epifaunal suspension feeders. They lived in the Paleozoic Era Ordovician Period upper Arenigian age (between 478.6 ± 1.7 and 471.8 ± 1.6 million years ago) to the Carboniferous period lower Serpukhovian age (from 328.3 (± 1.6) Ma to 318.1 (± 1.3) mya).
 The Riddle of the Third Mile is a crime novel by Colin Dexter the sixth novel in Inspector Morse series.Inspector Morse is not sure what to make of the truncated body found dumped in the Oxford Canal but he suspects it may be all that's left of an elderly Oxford don last seen boarding the London train several days before. Whatever the truth the inspector knows it will not be simple—it never is.
 The Athol Daily News is a small six-day daily (Monday through Saturday) newspaper in north central Massachusetts. Based in the town of Athol the newspaper also covers the rural towns of Erving New Salem Orange Petersham Phillipston Royalston Warwick and Wendell Massachusetts.
 Mianki (Persian: ميانكي‎ also Romanized as Mīānkī) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 79 families.
 The Liu Hsing-chin Comic Museum (Chinese: 劉興欽漫畫暨發明展覽館; pinyin: Liúxìngqīn Mànhuà Jì Fāmíng Zhǎnlǎnguǎn) is a museum about the comic book creator Liu Hsing-chin located in Hengshan Hsinchu County Taiwan.
 Lena: A New Album is a 1976 studio album by Lena Horne arranged by Robert Farnon.
 The Schadenbeeksköpfe are two summits on a southeastern outlier of the Aschentalshalbe in the Harz Mountains of Germany about 3.6 kilometres southeast of Sieber in the district of Osterode am Harz in Lower Saxony. Their highest peak is 605 metres above sea level. In addition they separate the Schadenbeek stream after which they were named from the upper Krumme Lutter.
 Eagle Ribs Mountain (8140 feet (2481 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Boophis brachychir is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests moist savanna rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hospital Infanto Juvenil Dra. Carolina Tobar Garcia (nickname: Tobar Garcia) is a psychiatric hospital for children and young people in Barracas Buenos Aires Argentina. Founded in 1968 it is named for Ora Carolina Tobar Garcia (1897–1962) who was notable in Argentina in the field of child and adolescent neuropsychiatry.Tobar Garcia is one of the five neuropsychiatric institutes in Buenos Aires and the only facility in the city that specializes in mental illness in children and adolescents.
 Beethoven on Speed is an album by The Great Kat released in 1990.
 Hang On Ramsey! is a live album by the Ramsey Lewis Trio which was recorded at the Lighthouse in 1965 and released on the Cadet label.
 Astan-e Karud (Persian: استانكرود‎ also Romanized as Āstān-e Karūd and Āstān Karūd; also known as Arsinkirūd Ashin Kirūd Āstānak Rūd and Āstāneh Karūd) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 24 families.
 Lucky Lou's is a bar located in the college town of Denton Texas and as of May 2013 is the most patronized by alcohol sales.Opened in 1996 Lou's has established itself as one of the most highly acclaimed bars in the area and has a beer specifically created in honor of this by Franconia Brewing Company. The bar has more than 25 beers on tap three separate bar serving areas a couple of foosball tables arcade games and pool tables.
 Pommy Arrives in Australia is a 1913 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford. The director's first comedy and the first purely comic feature made in Australia it is considered a lost film.
 Dodogaster is a genus of braconid wasp. It currently consists only of the type species Dodogaster grangeri also described by Rousse & Gupta 2013
 The Frank James Hospital is a closed hospital in the quiet town of East Cowes on the Isle of Wight. It was built in a Dutch Style by Somers Clarke in 1893 originally as a Home for Retired Seamen before becoming a hospital in 1903. It was designed as a memorial to Frank Linsly James eldest son of Sophia and Daniel James. He did much travelling to Africa in his yacht The Lancashire Witch and was killed by an elephant in 1890.
 Derby Center is a village in the town of Derby Orleans County Vermont United States. The population was 670 at the 2000 census.
 Albert E. Rice (September 24 1845 – September 11 1921) was a banker newspaperman legislator University of Minnesota regent politician and the tenth Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota from Willmar Minnesota. He served as a Republican from January 4 1887 to January 5 1891 under Governors Andrew Ryan McGill and William Rush Merriam.
 Glanusk Park is an estate in Wales United Kingdom. It is situated near Crickhowell Powys. It was established in 1826 by a 'retired' ironmaster Sir Joseph Bailey. The park features in the hereditary title Baron Glanusk which was given to Sir Joseph's grandson Sir Joseph Russell Bailey in 1899. At that time Baron Glanusk was the Lord Lieutenant of Brecknockshire. Glanusk Park and Estate is privately owned by the Legge-Bourke family.
 Vertebrate Palaeontology is a basic textbook on vertebrate paleontology by Michael J. Benton published by Blackwell's. It has so far appeared in three editions published in 1990 1997 and 2005. It is designed for paleontology graduate courses in biology and geology as well as for the interested layman.The book is widely used and has received excellent reviews: This book is a ′must′ for a biology or geology student and researcher concerned by palaeontology.
 Francis Thornhill Baring 1st Baron Northbrook PC (20 April 1796 – 6 September 1866) known as Sir Francis Baring Bt from 1848 to 1866 was a British Whig politician who served in the governments of Lord Melbourne and Lord John Russell.
 Carlos Eduardo Mendoza (born 1970) is a Florida Circuit Court Judge and is a nominee to be a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida.
 St. Vladimir's Cathedral is a Ukrainian Catholic cathedral located in Stamford Connecticut. It is the seat for the Eparchy of Stamford.
 Benjamin Burras Rayburn Sr. known as B. B. Sixty Rayburn (August 11 1916 – March 5 2008) was a veteran politician from Bogalusa an incorporated city in Washington Parish in southeastern Louisiana in the United States. He was a firm supporter of the region's public hospitals highways and its indigenous Southeastern Louisiana University.He served as a populist Democrat in both houses of the Louisiana State Legislature from 1948 to 1996.
 James Arthur Mathewson (June 26 1890 – August 23 1963) was a Canadian politician.Born in Montreal Quebec Mathewson received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1912 and a Bachelor of Civil Law degree in 1917 from McGill University. He was called to the Quebec Bar in 1917. He was a captain in the 42nd Battalion Royal Highlanders of Canada during World War I. After the war he was a lawyer in Montreal.
 Bandor-e Sofla (Persian: باندرسفلي‎ also Romanized as Bāndor-e Soflá; also known as Bandarābād-e Pā’īn Bāndarābād-e Soflá and Bāyandor-e Soflá) is a village in Mansuri Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 29 families.
 7 Hati 7 Cinta 7 Wanita (7 Hearts 7 Loves 7 Women often abbreviated 7 Hati) is a 2011 Indonesian film. Written and directed by Robby Ertanto it stars Jajang C. Noer Marcella Zalianty Happy Salma Olga Lydia Intan Kieflie and Henky Solaiman. It follows the story of seven women connected through their obstetrician Kartini. It was nominated for 6 awards at the 2010 Indonesian Film Festival as well as eight at the 2011 Indonesian Movie Awards where it won two.
 The Casimcea River is a river in Romania tributary of the Black Sea Lake Taşaul.
 Mr. Murder is a horror novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz released in 1993.
 Robert Lane Gibbs (born March 29 1971) is an American political advisor and commentator who served as the 28th White House Press Secretary during the first term of the Barack Obama's presidency. Gibbs has worked with Obama since 2004 and previously served as the communications director for then-Senator Obama and his campaign during the 2008 presidential election.
 Sir Thomas Anton Bertram KC (8 February 1869 - 1937) was an English Barrister and the 22nd Chief Justice of Ceylon. He was appointed on 26 July 1918 succeeding Alexander Wood Renton and was Chief Justice until 1925. He was succeeded by Charles Ernest St. John Branch.Bertram was born in Barnstable Devon on 8 February 1869 the son of the Reverend R.A. Bertram a Congregational minister. He was educated at Gonville and Caius College Cambridge.
 Birth of the Sun is a 2002 album released by bassist Marcel Jacob. It consists of early recordings of Yngwie Malmsteen and his band Rising Force. Shortly after Birth of the Sun was released Yngwie released The Genesis an album featuring most of the same tracks but with Marcel Jacob's tracks redone.
 Hush (Persian: هوش‎ also Romanized as Hūsh) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 52 families.
 The Book of Heroic Failures written by Stephen Pile in 1979 is a book written in celebration of human inadequacy in all its forms.
 Erginus Galkini is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Ivan Dziuba (Ukrainian: Іва́н Миха́йлович Дзю́ба) (born July 26 1931 Mykolaivka) is a Ukrainian literary critic social activist dissident Hero of Ukraine academic of National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine the second Minister of Culture of Ukraine (1992—1994) Head of the Committee for Shevchenko National Prize (1999–2001).Co-Chief of Editorial Board of the Encyclopaedia of Modern Ukraine.Chief editor of the magazine The Contemporary (Сучасність) in the 1990s a member of the editorial boards of scientific magazines Київська старовина Слово і час Євроатлантика and others.
 Amirabad-e Shorka (Persian: اميرابادشركا‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Shorkā; also known as Amīrābād and Chāh Najjār) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nemegtosaurus (meaning 'Nemegt lizard') was a sauropod dinosaur from Late Cretaceous Period of what is now Mongolia. Nemegtosaurus was named after the Nemegt Basin in the Gobi Desert where the remains — a single skull — were found. The skull resembles diplodocoids in being long and low with pencil-shaped teeth.
 Eudryas grata is a moth known as the beautiful wood nymph. The caterpillars are known to feed on the Virginia creeper (Parthenocissus quinquefolia).
 New Gold Dream is the fifth studio album by Scottish rock band Simple Minds. The album was released in 1982 and was a turning point for the band as they gained critical and commercial success in the UK and Europe. It made No. 3 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Mohammadabad-e Shah Nur (Persian: محمدابادشه نور‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Shah Nūr) is a village in Nazil Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 11 families.
 The Woman of Endor is a 2001 fantasy novelette by Sue Isle.
 Mount Cristal is a mountain located in the Cristal Mountains in Minas Gerais in Brazil on the border between the municipalities of Santo Antônio do Rio Abaixo and Conceição do Mato Dentro
 Divorcing Jack is a 1998 satirical black comedy. The plot is set around the Northern Irish reporter Dan Starkey who gets entangled into a web of political intrigue and Irish sectarian violence at the same time as Northern Ireland is set to elect a new Prime Minister. Writer Colin Bateman adapted his own book as the screenplay.
 Coptodon flava is a critically endangered species of fish in the cichlid family. It is endemic to Lake Bermin in Cameroon. It is threatened by pollution and sedimentation from human activities and potentially also by large emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) from the lake's bottom (compare Lake Nyos).
 The Sichuan Partridge (Arborophila rufipectus) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family. It is found only in China where it is classified as a nationally protected animal. Its natural habitat is temperate forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 This article describes the 22nd album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 22 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 22 was released on July 11 2006. The album is the 22nd edition of the (U.S.) Now! series. It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and is the ninth number-one album in the series.
 Father Xmas is a 2001 short film from director Marie Rose and the American Film Institute's Directing Workshop for Women starring Dakota Fanning as six-year-old Clairee who learns from her older brother (Stephen Fanning) that Santa Claus is not real and that their father is fighting in the Vietnam War.
 Our Lady of Jasna Gora Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Clinton Massachusetts United States. Founded 1913. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester.Merged July 1 2010 to form St John the Guardian of Our Lady Clinton.
 Rutki-Głowice [ˈrutki ɡwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 New Brooklyn is a 2008 feature film directed by Christopher Cannucciari starring Blanca Lewin Matt Cavenaugh Frank Harts Pablo Cerda Kat Ross and Frank Nasso.New Brooklyn is Blanca Lewin's first feature film in English. Her previous works include; Sangre eterna Sábado una película en tiempo real and En la cama. The film was released to various film festivals beginning late Fall 2008.
 Tappeh Yazdan (Persian: تپه يزدان‎ also Romanized as Tappeh Yazdān) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District Khezel District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 27 families.
 The Pit and the Pendulum is a short story written by Edgar Allan Poe and first published in 1842 in the literary annual The Gift: A Christmas and New Year's Present for 1843. The story is about the torments endured by a prisoner of the Spanish Inquisition though Poe skews historical facts. The narrator of the story describes his experience of being tortured.
 Ami (Hebrew: עמי‎ My nation) is an Orthodox Jewish newsmagazine published weekly in New York and Israel. The magazine was launched by the husband-wife team of Rabbi Yitzchok Frankfurter and Rechy Frankfurter former editors at Mishpacha. Since its debut in November 2010 it has become one of the three leading magazines in the New York Orthodox community alongside Mishpacha and Binah.
 Nicholas Joel Mabodoko is a Zimbabwean politician.Prior to independence he chaired the Joint African Advisory Board. He became the first black chairman of the African Advisory Board in 1975. After independence he served as PF-ZAPU mayor of Bulawayo from 1985 to 1988 becoming a member of ZANU-PF following the unification of the two parties in 1987.
 A Good Man in Africa is the first novel by William Boyd published in 1981. It won both the Whitbread Book Award for a first novel and the Somerset Maugham Award that year.
 Nashville Scene is an alternative newsweekly in Nashville Tennessee. It was founded in 1989 became a part of Village Voice Media in 1999 and later joined the ranks of sixteen other publications after a merger of Village Voice Media with New Times Media early in 2006. In 2009 the paper was acquired by SouthComm Communications. The publication mainly reports and opines on music arts entertainment and local and state politics in Nashville.
 Bagh-e Ebrahim (Persian: باغ ابراهيم‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Ebrāhīm) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 15 families.
 Jitendra Singh (born 12 June 1971) is the Minister of State for Youth Affairs and Sports (Independent charge) and the Minster of State for Defence Government of India. He assumed this charge on 28 October 2012. Formerly Jitendra Singh was the Minister of State for Home Affairs Government of India; a position that he assumed in July 2011. He is the Member of Parliament representing the Alwar constituency of Rajasthan and the pretender to the defunct throne of Alwar.
 Fleischmann Glacier is a glacier in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier lies in the southern Kichatna Mountains above Simpson Passmoving south. It the source of Morris Creek which feeds the Kichatna River.
 Nightshift is a free monthly music magazine in Oxford England. Distributed via music venues pubs and shops it provides music news gig listings and reviews for the city and surrounding area.
 Busan Haeundae Doosan We’ve the Zenith is a complex of three residential towers which were completed in 2011.
 St Michael's Hospital Hayle is a small hospital located in Hayle Cornwall United Kingdom run by Royal Cornwall Hospitals NHS Trust. The hospital carries out approximately 5000 operations each year.The range of operations carried out at the hospital has expanded over recent years and now includes procedures in orthopaedics including hip and knee replacements.
 Kerrang! is a UK-based magazine devoted to rock music published by Bauer Media Group. It was first published on 6 June 1981 as a one-off supplement in the Sounds newspaper. Named after the onomatopoeic word that derives from the sound made when playing a power chord on a distorted electric guitar Kerrang! was initially devoted to the New Wave of British Heavy Metal and the rise of hard rock acts. In the early 2000s it became the best-selling British music newspaper.
 Wolfpen Ridge is a ridge in the Blue Ridge Mountains in Georgia that runs south to north along the boundary between Towns and Union counties. Brasstown Bald the highest point in Georgia is located at the northern end of the ridge (elevation: 4786 feet). At the southern end of the ridge there is an unnamed peak with an elevation of 4561 feet which makes it the fifth highest point in Georgia.
 Thomas (Tom) Kelly (13 September 1868 – 20 April 1942) was an Irish Sinn Féin and later Fianna Fáil politician. He was a book and picture dealer before entering politics. He was a founder member of Sinn Féin and was elected to Dublin City Council. Kelly was arrested after the 1916 Easter Rising and sent to prison in England and after becoming seriously ill he was released back to Dublin.
 Philosophy of the Social Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers philosophy of social science. Its editor-in-chief is Ian C. Jarvie (York University). The journal was established in 1971 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 Star Junction Historic District is a national historic district located at Perry Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. The district includes 163 contributing buildings and 2 contributing structures in the bituminous coal mining community of Star Junction. Most of the contributing buildings were built between 1892 and 1918 and 130 of the contributing buildings are two-story frame duplex workers housing. The oldest building is the Whitsett farmhouse built about 1845.
 Winter Meeting is a 1948 American drama film directed by Bretaigne Windust written by Catherine Turney from the novel of the same title by Grace Zaring Stone (under the pseudonym Ethel Vance) and starring Bette Davis with Jim Davis who would portray patriarch Jock Ewing in the television series Dallas three decades later.
 The Loved One: An Anglo-American Tragedy (1948) is a short satirical novel by British novelist Evelyn Waugh about the funeral business in Los Angeles the British expatriate community in Hollywood and the film industry.
 Melitara junctolineella is a species of snout moth in the genus Melitara. It was described by Hulst in 1900 and is found in southern Texas (from Brownsville to Presidio) and Mexico (along the coastal plain south from Texas to Tampico). The species has been introduced in Australia as a biological control agent of Opuntia stricta.Adults are on wing from mid January to May and again from late August to early November.
 Paska's blue-eye (Pseudomugil paskai) is a species of fish in the Pseudomugilidae family. It is found in Indonesia and New Mexico.
 The Ironwood City Hall was a government building located at the corner of McLeod Avenue and Norfolk Street in Ironwood Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1975 and demolished in 1989.
 Ronald E. Crimm (born March 11 1935) is an American politician in the state of Kentucky.Crimm serves in the Kentucky House of Representatives which he was initially elected to in 1996. A Republican he represents the 33rd district. He is an alumnus of Shippensburg University which he graduated from in business in 1957. Prior to his election to the house he was Chairman of the Jefferson County Republican Party assuming the position in 1993.
 Paco is an inactive volcano 524 metres in elevation located at 9°35.6' North 125°31.1' East in the province of Surigao del Norte region of Caraga island of Mindanao the Philippines.
 Azizabad (Persian: عزيزآباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Azīzābād) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1446 in 305 families.
 Aliabad-e Olya (Persian: علي ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as ‘Alīābād ‘Alīābād-e Bālā ‘Alīābād Chedān and ‘Alīābād-e Chodān) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 69 families.
 Country Girl is a compilation of some of the most popular country hits by Olivia Newton-John. Released in 1998 the album is composed primarily of recordings made in the 1970s.
 Rocky & Hudson is a 1994 Brazilian animated film directed by Otto Guerra based on the Adão Iturrusgarai comic strip of the same name.
 The Lime Twig (1961) is a novel by experimental American writer John Hawkes.
 Ogosta (Bulgarian: Язовир Огоста) is a lake in the North West of Bulgaria. It is the second largest artificial lake in Bulgaria and The Balkan Peninsula and one of the biggest in Europe. It collects the waters of the rivers Ogosta Burzia and Zlatitsa and is located about 600 meters to the south-west of the border of Montana city and 60 m. above the level of the city. The water collecting basin is with area of 948 km2 and the area of the lake itself is 24 hectares.
 Coleophora guttella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkestan and Uzbekistan.The larvae feed on Artemisia turanica and Artemisia fragrans. They feed on the leaves of their host plant.
 Mental Radio: Does it work and how? (1930) was written by the American author Upton Sinclair and initially self-published. This book documents Sinclair's test of psychic abilities of Mary Craig Sinclair his second wife while she was in a state of profound depression with a heightened interest in the occult. She attempted to duplicate 290 pictures which were drawn by her brother. Sinclair claimed Mary successfully duplicated 65 of them with 155 partial successes and 70 failures.
 Down the Road is the debut album of American country music artist Larry Stewart. It was his first solo release as he had just left his role as lead singer of the band Restless Heart one year previous. The album was released in 1993 on RCA Records Nashville and it produced three singles for him on the Billboard country charts: Alright Already at number five I'll Cry Tomorrow at number 34 and We Can Love at number 62.
 Lanrick Castle was a late 18th-century country house near Doune in central Scotland. It was demolished in 2002 despite being protected as a category B listed building. It was located on the south bank of the River Teith in Stirling council area.
 The Lisbon Post Office in Lisbon North Dakota United States is a post office building that was built in 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 as U.S. Post Office-Lisbon.
 Color Adjustment is a 1992 documentary film that traces 40 years of race relations and the representation of African Americans through the lens of prime time television entertainment scrutinizing television's racial myths. In some ways this documentary narrated by Ruby Dee is a sequel to Riggs’ Ethnic Notions now examining racial stereotypes in the broadcast age.
 Alive and Transported is a live album by Christian hip hop artist tobyMac. It was released on May 27 2008 and debuted at No. 112 on the Billboard 200 and also placed at No. 4 on Billboard's Top Christian Albums chart. It is currently sold as a CD/DVD combo (audio tracks on the CD and videos of the live show along with other special features on the DVD). The live show recorded for the album was also played on Monday June 9 2008 in movie theaters. The film was filmed at the Richard E.
 Stephensia staudingeri is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found on the island of Rhodes in Greece.The larvae feed on Origanum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a small corridor which is entirely filled with frass. Later the mine becomes a full depth blotch with dispersed frass. The larva may vacate the mine and restart elsewhere. Pupation takes place outside of the mine in a dense spinning under a folded leaf margin.
 Podleńce [pɔdˈlɛɲt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Dobrzyniewo Duże and 11 km (7 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 A Perfect Couple is a 1979 film directed by Robert Altman.
 Robert C. Hagopian (born January 29 1911 in Boston died January 4 1995 in Beverly Massachusetts) was an American attorney government official and politician. He was known for using his government positions to tweak the establishment.
 The Promise: President Obama Year One is a book by Jonathan Alter describing President Obama's first year in office. In The Promise Alter describes the many challenges President Obama's administration faced in its first year: a troubled economy passing Healthcare Reform and the War in Afghanistan.
 Nebria trifaria is a species of brown coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in such US states as California Montana Utah and Wyoming.
 Tessiner Zeitung is a Swiss German-language regional newspaper published in Locarno Ticino.
 Robert W. Bobby Harrell Jr. (born on March 7 1956) is a Republican member of the South Carolina House of Representatives representing the 114th District since first elected in 1992. Harrell has served as the Speaker of the South Carolina House of Representatives since House members elected him to the post in 2005.
 Manyuchi Dam forms a reservoir on the Mwenezi River in southern Zimbabwe. It is located in the Mwenezi District. The building of the dam was financed by the Mwenezi Development Corporation. The dam was built to irrigate oil palm estates.
 Górna Grupa [ˈɡurna ˈɡrupa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Dragacz 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Świecie and 51 km (32 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 580.
 Ji (Tamil: ஜி) is a 2005 Tamil action film directed by Linguswamy and produced by S. S. Chakravarthy. The film stars Ajith Kumar and Trisha Krishnan in the lead roles while the score and soundtrack are composed by Vidyasagar. The film was released in February 2005 following a series of delays and received mixed reviews.
 Pity the Nation: Lebanon at War is a book by award winning English journalist Robert Fisk. The book is an account of the Lebanese civil war 1975–1990 which Fisk lived through and reported on. It gives an insight into the machinations of the war and has many eyewitness accounts from the people Fisk interviewed and interacted with at the time.
 The Martin Hotel at 94 W. Railroad St. in Winnemucca Nevada was built in 1913. It is a historic hotel building known also as Lafayette Hotel Annex and as Roman Tavern which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is significant historically for its association with commerce in Winnemucca and for its association with Basque sheepherders.
 Muthuvallur is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 The Warsaw Radio Mast was the world's tallest structure until its collapse on 8 August 1991. It is the second tallest land-based structure ever built being surpassed as tallest by the Burj Khalifa completed in 2010.The mast which was designed by Jan Polak was 646.38 metres (2120.7 ft) tall. Its construction started in July 1970 was completed on 18 May 1974 and its transmitter entered regular service on 22 July of that year.
 Gavin Christopher Newsom (born October 10 1967) is an American politician. He is the 49th and current Lieutenant Governor of California after being elected in 2010. In 2003 he was elected the 42nd Mayor of San Francisco the city's youngest in 100 years. Newsom was re-elected in 2007 with 72 percent of the vote.
 Bohyeonsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1121 metres.
 Former Police Captain Dr. Chalerm Ubumrung (Thai: เฉลิม อยู่บำรุง RTGS: Chaloem Ubumrung Thai pronunciation: [ʨʰà.lɤ ̌ːm jùː.bam.ruŋ]) (born June 10 1947) is a Thai politician. He is a Member of Parliament representing the Pheu Thai Party and until recently was one of the Deputy Prime Ministers of Yingluck Shinawatra.
 Watchers is a 1988 horror film starring Corey Haim Michael Ironside Barbara Williams and Lala Sloatman. It is loosely based on the novel Watchers by Dean R. Koontz.The film was shot in Vancouver British Columbia Canada and grossed $940173 in the United States.There have been three sequels released Watchers II Watchers 3 and Watchers Reborn.
 Speech and Reality is a book by Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy (1888–1973) German social philosopher and is an English-language introduction to Rosenstock-Huessy’s German-language book Soziologie. It comprises seven essays that he wrote and revised between 1935 and 1955. Rosenstock-Huessy introduces a new form of social research in which the human subject as speaker displaces the subject of orthodox sociology wherein the subject can be mute.
 Strength and Compassion is a collection of photographs and essays by Eric Greitens. Published in 2008 it is Greitens' first book and contains a foreword by Paul Rusesabagina depicted in the film Hotel Rwanda by Don Cheadle and an introduction by Bobby Muller co-founder of the International Campaign to Ban Landmines.
 Charlie's Angels: Season Four was the fourth season to Charlie's Angels. The season starred Jaclyn Smith Cheryl Ladd David Doyle and introduced Shelley Hack as Tiffany Welles the newest member of the team as a police graduate from Boston. Original Angel Farrah Fawcett also appears in three episodes. Season Four originally aired from September 12 1979 to May 7 1980.
 Bumper Crop is a collection of short stories by Joe R. Lansdale published in 2004 by Golden Gryphon Press.
 Manuel González de Candamo e Iriarte (14 July 1841 – May 7 1904) was President of Peru from September 8 1903 until May 7 the following year when he died in office.
 Maa Aur Mamta is a 1970 Bollywood drama film directed by Asit Sen. The film stars Nutan and Ashok Kumar.
 The Journal of Materials: Design and Applications Part L of the Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers the usage and design of materials for application in engineering. The journal was established in 1999 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers.
 Kgope is a village in Kweneng District of Botswana. The village is located 50 km north of Gaborone the capital of Botswana and it has a primary school. The population of Kgope was 507 in 2001 census.
 Working Tra$h is a 1990 television film and one of the first TV movies made for the then-burgeoning Fox Network. The film stars George Carlin and also features a young Ben Stiller in his first leading role.
 The Arroio Pelotas is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Bridgeton School is an historic school located at 16 Laurel Hill Avenue in Burrillville Rhode Island.The Victorian school house was built in 1897 by G.W. Spaulding Nehemiah Kimball & William H. Gory. It is also the site of the Burrillville Historical & Preservation Society. It was added to the National Historic Register in 2006
 Electronic Fun with Computers & Games was a video game magazine published in the United States and ran from November 1982 to May 1984. The last two issues were renamed ComputerFun.
 Old Appleton is a village partially located in Cape Girardeau County and Perry County Missouri United States. The population was 85 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Cape Girardeau–Jackson MO-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Elaine A. Coderre (born October 11 1947 in Providence Rhode Island) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing District 60 since January 2003. Coderre served consecutively from January 1985 until January 2003 in the District 78 seat.
 The Château de Castelnou (also called the Château Vicomtal) is a medieval castle in the commune of Castelnou (Catalan: Castellnou dels Aspres) in the French département of Pyrénées-Orientales.The village of Castelnou takes its name from the castle. The Latin castellum novum became in Catalan castell nou the new castle.
 Grace United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist Church building at 34 Court Street in Keene New Hampshire.It was designed by architect Shepard S. Woodcock and built in 1869. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.The church is one of the largest in southwestern New Hampshire.
 Baby Steps (ベイビーステップ Beibī Suteppu) is a Japanese manga series by Hikaru Katsuki. It has been serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine since October 2007. The story is centered around Eiichirō Maruo a first year honor student who one day decides that he is lacking exercise. He then joins the Southern Tennis Club (STC) where he begins his tennis journey. An anime television series adaptation of the series began airing in Japan in April 2014.
 The Salokko Rat (Taeromys arcuatus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Indonesia.
 Cuadrilátero (English: Boxing ring) is a 1970 Spanish film directed by Eloy de la Iglesia and starring José María Prada Deane Selmier and Rosana Yanny.
 The Libertine (La Matriarca; a.k.a. The Matriarch) was a 1969 Italian film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile.
 Mid-Afternoon Barks (Chinese: 下午狗叫; pinyin: Xiàwǔ Gǒu Jiào) is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yuedong. The film was the first directorial effort for Zhang who was previously an established theater director in Beijing.Mid-Afternoon Barks is a surrealist triptych of stories that take place in Beijing all involving the installation of electrical poles. The film shared the Dragons and Tigers Award at the 2007 Vancouver International Film Festival with Fujian Blue by director Weng Shouming.
 Saltenia is an extinct genus of frogs. It was assigned to the family Pipidae by R. L. Carroll in 1988 and again in 2005 by A. M. Báez and T. Harrison. The single described species Saltenia ibanezi is thought to have lived in South America in the Late Cretaceous. Its closest living relative are the frogs in the genus Silurana.
 Menarandra is a river in the regions of Anosy and Atsimo-Andrefana in southern Madagascar. It flows into the Indian Ocean near Bevoalavo Est.Its annual discharge is low approx. 2-3 l/s/km² at Tranoroa.
 George Albright (born January 1956) in Orlando Florida is Tax Collector for Marion County Florida.Albright previously served as a Representative in the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida. He currently lives in Ocala Florida and has two children.[1]
 The Dundee City Hall and Fire Station was located at 4921 Underwood Avenue in the present-day Dundee neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska.
 Mývatn is a shallow eutrophic lake situated in an area of active volcanism in the north of Iceland not far from Krafla volcano. The lake and its surrounding wetlands have an exceptionally rich fauna of waterbirds especially ducks. The lake was created by a large basaltic lava eruption 2300 years ago and the surrounding landscape is dominated by volcanic landforms including lava pillars and rootless vents (pseudocraters).
 Fairmont Dubai is a 34-storey 153 m (502 ft) skyscraper hotel completed in 2002 in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The hotel is managed by the Fairmont Hotels and Resorts brand.This hotel is directly linked to the Dubai World Trade Centre (the Dubai International Convention Centre) as well as to the metro system. The building has been modeled after an Arabic wind tower known as Barajeel and it has become one of the most representative buildings of Sheikh Zayed Road.
 (the ep) is a 5-song EP which is the third release by Mike Kinsella under the name Owen. It was released on May 4 2004 on Polyvinyl Records.
 Tas hal (Persian: طاسهل‎ also Romanized as Ţās hal Ţās Hel and Tāşel) is a village in Pachehlak-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dactylanthias is a small genus of fish belonging to the anthia subfamily (Anthiinae). It includes only two species from Ambon Island Indonesia and the Tuamotus French Polynesia.
 The Peel Sessions Album is a live album by English rock band Wire. It was released in 1989. It consists of numerous recordings done for John Peel between 1978 and 1979.
 Hitmixes is the second extended play (EP) by American recording artist Lady Gaga released on August 25 2009. Featuring remixes of songs from Gaga's debut album The Fame (2008) the album was only released in Canada by Universal Music Canada. Hitmixes features mixes from various musicians including RedOne and Space Cowboy who previously worked with Gaga. The EP hosts 1980s-influenced and house remixes.
 Lambula melaleuca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1866. It is found on the Moluccas. It is the type species of the Lambula genus.
 Khandaha is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3206 and had 659 houses in the town.
 New Amazonia: A Foretaste of the Future is a feminist utopian novel written by Elizabeth Burgoyne Corbett and first published in 1889. It was one element in the wave of utopian and dystopian literature that marked the later nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
 Composia utowana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bates in 1933. It is found on the Bahamas.
 Cassida atrata is a beetle in the leaf beetle family that can be found in Central and SE Europe. The host plants are in the Lamiaceae family and include Salvia glutinosa and Salvia pratensis.
 At Home an album by Cherish the Ladies was released in 1999 on the RCA label.
 Lessons in Love is the third studio album by American singer Lloyd released by The Inc./Universal Motown on August 5 2008. This is the last album to be released on Irv Gotti's label The Inc. Records label.
 Fabrizio Saccomanni (born 22 November 1942) is an Italian economist civil servant and the former deputy governor of the Bank of Italy. He served as Italy's minister of economy and finances between April 2013 and February 2014.
 I Am the Golden Gate Bridge is the first album by rock band Creature with the Atom Brain. It was released in 2008 on the Munich Records label.
 Yponomeuta meridionalis is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Tajikistan and is also recorded from the Levant.Larvae have been recorded on Crataegus korolkowii Crataegus songarica and Crataegus turkestanica.
 Under the Radar Over the Top is the fourteenth studio album by German hard dance group Scooter. The album was released on 2 October 2009 preceded by the single J'adore Hardcore on 14 August. A second single Ti Sento was released on the same day as the album.
 Kunturiri (Aymara kunturi condor -ri nominal suffix hispanicized spelling Condoriri) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia about 4512 metres (14803 ft) high. It is situated in the Oruro Department Sajama Province Turku Municipality Turku Canton north east of Turku (Turco). The rivers Kunturiri and Phurqi Q'awa (Porkhekhaua) originate near the mountain. They flow down to Turku River a left tributary of Lauca River.
 Heroz4Hire is the third album by hip hop artist Jeru the Damaja. It is entirely produced by Jeru the Damaja himself unlike his first two albums which were produced by DJ Premier.
 Somport or Col du Somport known also as the Aspe Pass or Canfranc Pass (el. 1632 m.) is a mountain pass in the central Pyrenees on the border of France and Spain. Its name is derived from the Latin Summus portus. It was one of the most popular routes for soldiers merchants and pilgrims to the tomb of St. James following the route from Arles to cross the Pyrenees. They travelled from Oloron-Sainte-Marie Pyrénées-Atlantiques France via Somport to Aragon Spain.
 Patton Historic District is a national historic district located at Patton in Cambria County Pennsylvania. The district includes 42 contributing buildings in a predominantly residential area of Patton. The predominant architectural style is American Foursquare with some notable examples of Colonial Revival and Romanesque Revival styles. Notable buildings include the St. Mary's Church (1899) St. Mary's Rectory (1899) St. Mary's School (1913) A. O. Summerville House (c. 1897) W. H.
 Superstar: The Karen Carpenter Story is a 43-minute film about the life of Karen Carpenter. It was directed by Todd Haynes and released in 1987. It was withdrawn from circulation in 1990 after Haynes lost a copyright infringement lawsuit filed by Karen's brother and musical collaborator Richard Carpenter.
 General Freddy José Padilla de León (born 10 October 1948) is a retired General of the Army of Colombia and currently serves as Ambassador of Colombia to Austria and Permanent Representative to the United Nations Office at Vienna. Prior to this diplomatic post General Padilla served as the General Commander of the Armed Forces of Colombia from 2006 to 2010 and as such assumed the Ministry of National Defence ad interim in 2009.
 Dark Magic is the fourth book in Christine Feehan’s Dark Series. It takes place within a few months of the events in Dark Gold. It was published in July 2000.
 Dance till Tomorrow (あさってDANCE Asatte Dansu) is a manga series by Naoki Yamamoto that has also been adapted into two live action movies. A two-episode OAV was also released on VHS in Japan. It is a romantic comedy which details the life of Suekichi a student who will inherit a fortune when he graduates from college and gets married with unexpected complications from a mysterious girl Aya Hibino.
 Qannad (Persian: قناد‎ also Romanized as Qannād) is a village in Rud Ab-e Sharqi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 620 in 151 families.
 Melissa Melendez is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly. She is a Republican representing the 67th district encompassing parts of western Riverside County. Prior to being elected to the state assembly she was a Lake Elsinore city council member.Melissa Melendez is a native of Youngstown Ohio upon graduating from high school she entered the United States Navy.
 Rushing to Paradise is a novel by British author J. G. Ballard first published in 1994.The novel relates the fictional tale of a small and eccentric group of environmentalists attempting to save the albatross on the Pacific island of St.Esprit from nuclear tests by the French government.
 The Căldarea River is a tributary of the Drahura River in Romania.
 A Higher Form of Killing is the second studio album by the metal band Intruder. It marks their departure from the speed metal sound displayed on their previous album in favor of a thrash metal sound.
 Cochylis yinyangana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is only known from the White Sands National Monument in Otero County New Mexico and at Carlsbad Caverns National Park in Eddy County also in New Mexico.The length of the forewings is 4.2─6.2 mm for males and 4.6–5.5 mm for females. The forewings are yellowish-white. The hindwings are dirty-white with yellowish-white veins.
 Fawzi Salloukh (born 1931) is a Lebanese politician who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 19 July 2005 to 2009.
 Talu Kola (Persian: تلوكلا‎ also Romanized as Talū Kolā and Talū Kalā; also known as Tālū Kūlā) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 50 families.
 Anjireh (Persian: انجيره‎ also Romanized as Anjīreh; also known as Anjīr) is a village in Mehran Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 894 in 140 families.
 The Black Room is a 1935 mystery-horror film directed by Roy William Neill. The movie stars Boris Karloff in a dual role as twin brothers. The film also features Marian Marsh and Robert (Tex) Allen. The film was released in Great Britain as The Black Room Mystery.
 Faye B. Culp is a Tampa Florida retired educator and Republican (United States) Republican politician who serves as the District 57 Representative in the House of Representatives of the State of Florida. She was the first female Republican to serve as Majority Whip in the Florida House.Representative Culp was born in Kilmichael Mississippi on December 6 1939. She graduated from the Mississippi University for Women in 1961 with a Bachelor of Science degree in education.
 Pappa tar gull (English: Daddy's Success) is a 1964 Norwegian comedy film written and directed by Arne Skouen starring Sølvi Wang and Henki Kolstad. Laffen (Kolstad) has lost the respect of his children and needs to restore his honour.
 Ophisma cuprizonea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Madagascar.
 'Aranyak' (Bengali: আরণ্যক ) composed between 1937–39 is a famous Bengali novel by Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay based on his long and arduous years in northern Bihar where he came into contact with a part of the world that even now remains unknown to most of us. Aranyak literally means Of the Forest. This novel explores the journey of the protagonist Satyacharan in the dichotomy of the urban and jungle lives.
 Sheikh Aljama is an album by Spanish industrial band Esplendor Geometrico recorded at Al-Majriti Studio in Melilla (Spain) and released as CD by Daft Records in Belgium.The title meaning Community’s Sheikh in Arabic was the official title for the first president of the Córdoban Republic after the fall of the caliphate. The cover depicts a Muslim girl on the old Granada’s King throne at Alhambra fortress.
 Radio Ixtlan is the fourth studio album by the British experimental extreme music project Ewigkeit. It is a concept album based on the concept of the journey of the soul examining psychological parapsychological and mythological themes.
 Casa de los Dragones or House of the Dragons is an important landmark in the Spanish exclave of Ceuta on the north coast of Africa and an extraordinary example of eclectic architecture. The house is on a corner of Kings Square.
 Gahen-e Shavamel (Persian: گاهن شوامل‎ also Romanized as Gāhen-e Shavāmel) is a village in Buzi Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 40 families.
 Shaman King (Japanese: シャーマンキング Hepburn: Shāman Kingu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiroyuki Takei. This manga follows the adventures of Yoh Asakura as he attempts to hone his shaman skills to become the Shaman King by winning the Shaman Fight. Takei chose shamanism as the main theme of the series because he wanted a topic that had never been attempted before in manga.The Shaman King manga was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump between 1998 and 2004.
 Wild Lake (Slovene: Divje jezero) is a lake near Idrija in western Slovenia and a karst spring of the Vauclusian type. The lake is the source of the Jezernica River a tributary of the Idrijca and at 55 metres (180 ft) long the shortest river in Slovenia. Water flows from under the ground and through a steeply inclined tunnel explored to a depth of 160 metres (520 ft). The discharge occasionally surpasses 60 cubic metres per second (2100 cu ft/s).
 The Shawneehaw Creek is a stream in the North Carolina High Country and is named after a Cherokee word for a tree that blooms early in the Spring the current name for the tree is Serviceberry or sarvisberry and is located in the town of Banner Elk. The headwaters begin from the Southeastern slopes of Beech Mountain in Watauga County North Carolina and end at the Elk River in Avery County North Carolina.The tree extend from North Carolina to Louisiana and Florida and to 6000 feet.
 MoonOffice Compilation (1993) is a three-track collection of Alphaville / Marian Gold videos. It was only available from MoonOffice Alphaville's official fan-club. The inclusion of What is Love? was unusual as the track itself (from Gold's debut solo album So Long Celeste) was never released as a single.
 This article is about the album. For the human experimentation incident see Tuskegee syphilis experiment.Tuskegee Experiments is the first album as leader by jazz clarinettist Don Byron. Its title refers to the Tuskegee syphilis experiment — the notorious medical experiment conducted around Tuskegee Alabama lasting from 1932 to 1972 in which 400 subjects mainly poor black sharecroppers were used in an investigation of the effects of syphilis without their knowledge or consent.
 Zahoczewie [zaxɔˈt͡ʂɛvʲɛ] (Ukrainian: Загочев'я Zahochevya) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baligród within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Baligród 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Lesko and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 The Former Bank of England (grid reference ST592733) is a historic building at 13/14 Broad Street in Bristol England.It was built in 1844-47 by Charles Robert Cockerell with a Doric pseudo-portico of three bays recessed between low pavilions: the attic storey is arcaded with a triangular pediment.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building.The building is now used as the Bristol Citizens Advice Bureau.
 Leiren or Leira is a village in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county Norway. The village is located at the northern end of the lake Nedre Fiplingvatnet. The municipal center of Trofors lies about 25 kilometres (16 mi) to the northwest and the village of Majavatn lies about 30 kilometres (19 mi) to the south. The local Fiplingdal Church is located in Leiren serving the eastern part of Grane.
 Dr. Htin Aung (Burmese: ထင်အောင် [tʰɪ̀ɴ àʊɴ]; also Maung Htin Aung; 18 May 1909 – 10 May 1978) was an important author and scholar of Burmese culture and history. Oxford and Cambridge educated Htin Aung wrote several books on Burmese history and culture in both Burmese and English. His English language works brought a much-needed Burmese perspective to the international study of Burmese history hitherto written by British historians of the colonial era.
 Red Planet is a 2000 science fiction film directed by Antony Hoffman starring Val Kilmer Carrie-Anne Moss and Tom Sizemore. Released on November 10 2000 it was a critical and commercial failure. The film was Hoffman's film directing debut who previously directed television commercials. He has not worked on a film since.[citation needed]
 Algebra i Logika (English: Algebra and Logic) is a peer-reviewed Russian mathematical journal founded in 1962 by Anatoly Ivanovich Malcev published by the Siberian Fund for Algebra and Logic at Novosibirsk State University. An English translation of the journal is published by Springer-Verlag as Algebra and Logic since 1968. It published papers presented at the meetings of the Algebra and Logic seminar at the Novosibirsk State University.
 Traditional Chilean songs is the first album by the folk music artist Rolando Alarcón.
 Word of Mouth is the twentieth studio album by the English rock group The Kinks. Do It Again was released as a single from the album in 1985.
 The Tönsberg is a hill ridge in the Teutoburg Forest that reaches a height of 333.4 m above sea level and lies in the district of Lippe near Oerlinghausen. Hermann's Way runs over the Tönsberg for about 3.5 km.
 Benjamin Franklin is a 1974 American television miniseries that chronicles the life of Benjamin Franklin. It was broadcast by CBS. It won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Limited Series.
 John P. Morse is an American politician who was a state senator in the Colorado Senate from 2007 to 2013 serving as president of the senate in 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Morse represented Senate District 11 which encompasses Manitou Springs Colorado and eastern Colorado Springs.
 Paracles cnethocampoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Adolphe Guillet dit Tourangeau (January 15 1831 – October 8 1894) was a Quebec notary and political figure. He was a Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons representing Quebec East from 1870 to 1874. He also served two terms as mayor of Quebec City.He was born Adolphe-Elzéar Guillet dit Tourangeau in Quebec City Lower Canada in 1831 and studied at the Petit Séminaire de Québec. He articled as a notary studied law at Université Laval and qualified as a notary in 1855.
 The Terminal is a 2004 American comedy-drama film directed by Steven Spielberg and starring Tom Hanks and Catherine Zeta-Jones. It is about a man who becomes trapped in New York City's JFK International Airport terminal when he is denied entry into the United States and at the same time cannot return to his native country due to a revolution.
 The Leycester Creek a perennial stream of the Richmond River catchment is located in Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales Australia.
 The Pârâul Hoților is a tributary of the Pârâul Laptelui in Romania.
 The Clarence Burgin House is a historic house at 95 President's Lane in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 For the 1967 film see The Shuttered Room. For the short story see The Shuttered Room and Other Pieces.Shuttered Room is the debut studio album by British new wave band The Fixx released in 1982.
 Lost in the Suburbs (Czech: Návrat domů) is a 1948 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Martin Frič.
 Funk Tango is an album by the Paquito D'Rivera Quintet? released through Sunny Side Records in 2007. In 2008 the album won the group the Grammy Award for Best Latin Jazz Album.
 Coralliophila madreporarum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Manthali is a village development committee in Makwanpur District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2154 people living in 370 individual households.
 Niesłuchowo [ɲeswuˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bodzanów 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Płock and 78 km (48 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Days of Future Passed is the second album and first concept album by English rock band The Moody Blues released in December 1967 on Deram Records. After two years performing as a struggling white R&B band The Moody Blues were asked by their record label in September 1967 to record an adaptation of Antonín Dvořák's Symphony No. 9 as a stereo demonstration record.
 The Morton County WPA Bridge near Richfield Kansas United States is a stone multi-arch bridge that was built in 1936 by the Works Progress Administration (WPA).
 Mount McNicoll is a mountain in the northern Selkirks in Glacier National Park located southeast of Mount Pearce. It is the fifth highest peak in its range. It is on the Columbia River drainage. Mount McNicoll is named for David McNicoll (1852–1916) the general manager director and vice-president of the Canadian Pacific Railway.
 The Assault on Truth: Freud's Suppression of the Seduction Theory is a 1984 book by Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson who argues that Sigmund Freud deliberately suppressed his early hypothesis that hysteria is caused by sexual abuse during infancy a conclusion that Masson reached while he had access to some of Freud's unpublished letters as projects director of the Sigmund Freud Archives.
 C. Norris Poulson (July 23 1895 – September 25 1982) served as the 36th Mayor of Los Angeles California from 1953 to 1961 after having been a California State Assemblyman and then a member of the United States Congress for eight years. He was a Republican though the office of mayor is officially nonpartisan.
 Valuste is a village in Lihula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Rani Maharani is a Kannada language film directed by B Ramamurthy. The film was released in 1990. The music and lyrics was composed by Hamsalekha. The film was a romantic comedy which was a remake of Hindi film Seeta Aur Geeta and was successful at the box-office.
 Exit at the Axis is an EP by Sky Cries Mary released on May 19 1992 through Capitol Records.
 The Razor's Edge is the first film version of W. Somerset Maugham's 1944 novel. It was released in 1946 and stars Tyrone Power Gene Tierney John Payne Anne Baxter Clifton Webb Herbert Marshall supporting cast Lucile Watson Frank Latimore and Elsa Lanchester. Marshall plays Somerset Maugham.
 No Shouts No Calls is the fourth album by English rock group Electrelane. It was released on CD and LP in 2007 by Too Pure.No Shouts No Calls is also their first album to be entirely digitally recorded and mixed. The group began writing material in Berlin's Planet Roc studios in the summer of 2006 at the height of the World Cup.
 John Evelyn Denison 1st Viscount Ossington PC (27 January 1800 – 7 March 1873) was a British statesman. He served as Speaker of the House of Commons from 1857 to 1872.
 Cymothoe beckeri Becker’s Creamy Yellow Glider is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.Females mimic toxic day-flying moths such as Oetroeda planax and Nytemera hesperia. Both sexes feed on fallen fruit.The larvae feed on Macaranga and Caloncoba species.
 The Oblivion Society a gold medalist of the Independent Publisher Book Award is a post-apocalypse horror-comedy by Marcus Alexander Hart. It follows the adventures of Vivian Oblivion and her friends as they search for a safe haven after an accidental nuclear war.
 Wings is a 1927 American silent film set during the First World War produced by Lucien Hubbard directed by William A. Wellman and released by Paramount Pictures. It stars Clara Bow Charles Buddy Rogers and Richard Arlen and Gary Cooper appears in a role which helped launch his career in Hollywood.The film a romantic action-war picture was rewritten by scriptwriters Hope Loring and Louis D.
 My Mother's Castle (original French title: Le château de ma mère) is a 1990 French film directed by Yves Robert based on the book of the same name by Marcel Pagnol. It is a sequel to My Father's Glory also filmed by Robert in 1990.
 Ear Candy for the Headphone Trippers was Days Away's first release after they left Fueled By Ramen. It was released on October 10 2007 with two bonus videos God and Mars (Acoustic) and 	I'm Sorry I Told You All My Problems.
 Yu Ching-tang (Chinese: 余井塘; pinyin: Yú Jǐngtáng) was a politician in the Republic of China. He was the Vice Premier in 1963–1966.
 Kurva Cum Back is an album by Faktychno Sami (now Qarpa) release in 2004.
 Cathy Connolly (born September 15 1956) is an American professor and politician from Wyoming. A Democrat she is a member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing the state's 13th district in Albany County. She is also a tenured professor at the University of Wyoming in Laramie.The 13th district (map) falls entirely within the city of Laramie and contains a central portion of the city. Connolly was first elected to the legislature in 2008 winning the primary election unopposed.
 Carlos Tiburcio Bea (born April 18 1934) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. He was appointed to that court by President George W. Bush in 2003 to replace Judge Charles Edward Wiggins.Bea was born in San Sebastian Spain and emigrated with his family in 1939 to Cuba. While present under a non-immigrant visa he studied at Stanford University and received his B.A. there in 1956. He joined Delta Tau Delta International Fraternity while at Stanford.
 Run is a Hindi film released in the year 2004. It stars Abhishek Bachchan and Bhumika Chawla in the lead roles. It is directed by Jeeva and is a remake of the Tamil blockbuster of the same name starring Madhavan and Meera Jasmine. The film was produced by Boney Kapoor and Sridevi. The major portion of the film was shot at Marwah Studios in Noida. This film is majorly known for Vijay Raaz's comic performance. His performance was immensely praised and was the only saving grace of the film.
 The Mary Seaman Ennis House located at 202 W. 13th St. in Goodland Kansas is a historic Queen Anne style house that was built in 1907 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house was listed on the National Register in 2006.
 Dark Roots of Earth is the tenth studio album by American thrash metal band Testament. It was released on July 27 2012 in Europe and four days later in North America by the independent German record label Nuclear Blast Records. The album is available in three configurations: CD CD/DVD and vinyl with the latter two versions including four bonus tracks.
 Love Mary is a television movie that first aired on CBS-TV on 8 October 1985. It is based upon the true story of Dr. Mary Groda-Lewis (impersonated by Kristy McNichol) who struggled with dyslexia.
 The Moth Butterfly (Liphyra brassolis) is a butterfly found in Asia and Australia that belongs to the lycaenid family. The larvae are predatory and feed on ant larvae. This is one of the largest species of Lycaenid butterfly. Several disjunct populations across its wide distribution range are considered as sub-species. Never a common butterfly specimens of this species are highly prized by collectors.
 North Swiftcurrent Glacier is Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated immediately to the east of the Continental Divide and north of Swiftcurrent Mountain at an elevation between 8000 ft (2400 m) and 7000 ft (2100 m) above sea level.
 Scotorythra rara is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai Maui and Hawaii.The larvae feed on Acacia koa Cheirodendron gaudichaudii Cibotium Cyrtandra Elaeocarpus guava Metrosideros Melicope Pipturus Rubus hawaiiensis Sapindus Straussia and Vaccinium.
 Hats Off is a silent short film starring American comedy double act Laurel and Hardy. The team appeared in a total of 107 films between 1921 and 1951.
 The Capivara River (Piauí) is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 Chaetonodexodes is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The Rainy River is a short river of the northeastern Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from the Richmond Range into the Pelorus River which it reaches five kilometres west of Pelorus Bridge.
 Kamari (Persian: كمري‎ also Romanized as Kamarī and Kamri; also known as Kamanī) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2389 in 481 families.
 Kushkabad (Persian: كوشك اباد‎ also Romanized as Kūshkābād and Kooshk Abad) is a village in Mohajeran Rural District Lalejin District Bahar County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1618 in 368 families.
 Metamorpheus is Steve Hackett's classical album. This is the successor to A Midsummer Nights Dream. Metamorpheus is an expression on Orpheus and his passage through the Underworld.
 I Just Make Them Up See! is a comic poem by Isaac Asimov written in 1957. The poem is a monologue from a fan asking Asimov how he comes up with his ideas. The question is not answered in the poem but rather the title itself: I Just Make Them Up See!It was collected in the anthologies Nine Tomorrows and The Best Science Fiction of Isaac Asimov.
 Nierostowo [ɲerɔsˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Konarzyny 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Chojnice and 98 km (61 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 77.
 Disloque en Mar del Plata is a 1964 Argentine film.
 The Baia River is a tributary of the Fleț River in Romania.
 Podnowinka [pɔdnɔˈviŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Clear Creek (Trinity River) is a river in Texas.
 The Blackwater River is a 34.3-mile-long (55.2 km) river in the Allegheny Mountains of eastern West Virginia USA. Via the Black Fork it is a principal tributary of the Cheat River. Via the Cheat the Monongahela and the Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River and drains an area of 142 square miles (370 km2). It is a true blackwater stream owing to spruce and hemlock trees in its watershed the tannins of which impart a tea or amber color to its water.
 Sólrun Jákupsdóttir Løkke Rasmussen (born 22 November 1968) is the wife of the former Prime Minister of Denmark Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
 The Sword and the Sickle is a novel by Mulk Raj Anand first published in 1942. Like his other novels this one also deals with the topic of social and political structures specifically the rise of Communism. The title for the book was given to Anand by George Orwell. The novel was in keeping with British and American writings of the time. The book was the final part of the trilogy that included The Village and Across the Black Waters.
 Mount Drum is a stratovolcano in the Wrangell Mountains of east-central Alaska in the United States. It is located at the extreme western end of the Wrangells 18 miles (29 km) west-southwest of Mount Sanford and the same distance west-northwest of Mount Wrangell. It lies just inside the western boundary of Wrangell-Saint Elias National Park and Preserve and is 25 miles (40 km) east of the Copper River.
 The Kitahama is an residential building in Kitahama Chuo-ku Osaka Japan. Rising 209m tall it is the fourth tallest building in Osaka Prefecture and the 22nd tallest building in Japan. It is also the tallest residential building in Japan. The closest train station to it is Kitahama Station.
 The Strahei River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 Valentyne Suite is a 1969 album by Colosseum. It was Vertigo Records' first album release and reached number 15 in the UK Albums Chart.Though the song The Kettle is officially listed as having been written by Dick Heckstall-Smith and Jon Hiseman a credit which is confirmed by Hiseman's liner notes for the album bassist and producer Tony Reeves later claimed that it was written by guitarist and vocalist James Litherland.
 My Own Private Idaho is a 1991 American independent drama film written and directed by Gus Van Sant loosely based on Shakespeare's Henry IV Part 1 Henry IV Part 2 and Henry V and starring River Phoenix and Keanu Reeves.
 Beggars and Choosers is a Hugo-nominated 1994 science-fiction novel by Nancy Kress. It is a sequel to the Hugo-winning Beggars in Spain and was followed by Beggars Ride in 1996.
 Churk Muzan (Persian: چورك موزان‎ also Romanized as Chūrk Mūzān; also known as Chūrkeh Mūzan) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 The Guayanés River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World is a book by Richard Howard and Alick Moore which presents a list of the bird species of the world. It was the first single-volume world bird list to include subspecies names and until the publication of the 5th edition of James Clements' Checklist of Birds of the World was the only one to do so.It is currently in its third edition (2003) and is published by Christopher Helm in the UK.
 Talakiriyawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 American INSIGHT’s mission is to broaden exposure to the history and future of Free Speech through emerging technologies.
 The Angostura River is a river of Chile.
 Honoré Petit (January 26 1847 – December 1 1922) was a farmer lumberman and political figure in Quebec. He represented Chicoutimi-Saguenay from 1892 to 1912 as a Conservative and Chicoutimi from 1912 to 1919 as a Liberal in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.He was born in Cap-Santé Canada East the son of Jean-Baptiste Petit and Marguerite Doré and was educated at Cap-Santé Neuville and Lévis. He worked for the Price lumber company for 26 years.
 Comeback is a 1982 semi-autobiographical film starring Eric Burdon an English singer-songwriter best known as a member and vocalist of rock band The Animals and the funk rock band War[1] and for his aggressive stage performance. It was shot first in Los Angeles then in Berlin. Some time after release MGM released the film on VHS.[citation needed]A soundtrack to the movie was also released in 1982 Comeback.
 Samuel Bernard Nunez Jr. known as Sammy Nunez (January 27 1930 – January 15 2012) was a Louisiana politician and businessman from Chalmette the seat of St. Bernard Parish in the New Orleans suburbs. From 1964 to 1969 Nunez was a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. From 1969 to 1996 the Democrat Nunez was a state senator. He was the State Senate President from 1983 to 1988 and from 1990 to 1996 when his legislative tenure ended in defeat.
 Student of the Year is a 2012 Indian coming-of-age romantic comedy film directed by Karan Johar and produced by Hiroo Yash Johar under the banner of Dharma Productions and Gauri Khan in collaboration with Red Chillies Entertainment. The movie features newcomers Siddharth Malhotra Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan in the lead roles with Rishi Kapoor Sana Saeed Ronit Roy Ram Kapoor and Farida Jalal in supporting roles.
 The Teskey Ala-Too or Terskey Ala-Too (Kyrgyz: Тескей Ала-Тоосу [teskéj ɑlɑtoːsú]) is a mountain range in Kyrgyzstan's Tien-Shan that borders Issyk Kul and Kochkor Valley from the south. The length of the range is 354 km and highest peak - Boris Yeltsin Peak (5216 m).
 The Sârgani River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 Laubuca dadiburjori a Danionin known as the Dadio is one of the smallest members of the genus Chela it is rarely seen in the aquarist hobby but is not entirely unlike the Danio nigrofasciatus in appearance. Laubuca dadiburjori is a gold/silver fish with a blue line it has two colour morphs one with a distinct blue line the other with a dotted blue line. Barbels are not present. Like most Danionins this fish has a tendency to jump. A tight fitting lid with no gaps is recommended.
 Batrachedra epombra is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Bethel African American Episcopal Church of Monongahela City is a historic church at the junction of 7th and Main Streets in Monongahela City Pennsylvania.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register in 2002.It is a brick Gothic Revival style building one of about five Gothic Revival buildings in the city.It is designated as a historic public landmark by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 La tigre è ancora viva: Sandokan alla riscossa! is a 1977 Italian adventure film directed by Sergio Sollima and starring Kabir Bedi.
 Kamichama Karin (かみちゃまかりん literally Mini-goddess Karin) is a Japanese manga originally written by Koge-Donbo about a seventh grade girl named Karin who finds out that she can transform into a goddess. The series began as a manga first serialized in January 2003. Kamichama Karin was serialized in the Japanese shōjo manga magazine Nakayoshi and published by Kodansha.
 Monteverdi is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 138 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Monteverdi is named for the Italian composer Claudio Monteverdi who lived from 1567 to 1643.
 Devín Castle (Slovak: hrad Devín or Devínsky hrad Hungarian: Dévényi vár German: Burg Theben) is a castle in Devín which is a borough of Bratislava the capital of Slovakia.Owing to its strategic position the cliff (altitude of 212 meters) at the confluence of the Danube and Morava rivers was an ideal place for a fort. Its owner could control the important trade route along the Danube as well as one branch of the Amber Road.
 Ahamus lijiangensis is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Chu and Wang in 1985 and is known from Yunnan China.
 Giant Orange is the third studio album by rock group Cheap Girls released on February 21 2012. It was the first release for the band since signing with Rise Records and is available on CD and vinyl. The album was produced by Laura Jane Grace of American punk rock band Against Me! and was the first time the band worked with a producer. With the exception of tambourine the album was recorded using only guitar bass drums and vocals.
 A weekly tabloid from The Daily Star (Bangladesh). Focusing on local and international media the tabloid is published every Saturday. With the slogan Your Weekly Dose of Entertainment Star Showbiz maintains a clear goal to promote Bangladeshi media to the elite society of the country.
 Damsels in Distress is a trilogy of plays written in 2001 by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. The three plays GamePlan FlatSpin and RolePlay were originally performed as a set by the Stephen Joseph Theatre Company (SJT). The plays were written to be performed by the same seven actors using the same set.
 Stranded in Suburbia is the title of Melissa McClelland's second album. The album was released in 2004 in Canada by the Orange Record Label.
 Khap is a 2011 Hindi film starring Yuvika Chaudhary Om Puri Govind Namdeo Manoj Pahwa Mohnish Bahl. Directed by Ajai Sinha the film is a socio-political drama based on the Manoj-Babli honour killing case and Khap Panchayats in villages of Haryana Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh which order honour killing to prevent marriages within the same gotra.
 Cross County Mall was a partially enclosed mall located in West Palm Beach Florida at Military Trail and Okeechobee Road approximately three-quarters of a mile west of Interstate 95. The site is within 1.5 miles of Florida's Turnpike and Palm Beach County Airport. It was purchased in September 1997 and subsequently demolished and revamped into a power center keeping some of the same anchors.
 The Musée des Lunettes et Lorgnettes Pierre Marly is a museum of eyeglasses located in the 1st arrondissement of Paris France at 380 rue Saint-Honoré. It is open Tuesday through Saturday; an admission fee is charged.The museum was created by Pierre Marly optician to crowned heads public figures and celebrities.
 The Perfect Assistant is a 2008 American-Canadian made-for-television Drama film starring Josie Davis and Chris Potter .
 Bębnów [ˈbɛmbnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gowarczów within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Gowarczów 6 km (4 mi) north of Końskie and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 380.
 The Burrell Heights Apartments is a building complex in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Valentibulla is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Tazeh Kand-e Nahand (Persian: تازه كندنهند‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Nahand and Tāzeh Kand Nahand; also known as Tazakend and Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Sharqi Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 74 families.
 Pseudatteria cantharopa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.The length of the forewings is 15–16 mm.
 The Semipalmated Sandpiper (Calidris pusilla) is a very small shorebird. It is sometimes separated with other stints in Erolia but although these apparently form a monophyletic group the present species' old genus Ereunetes had been proposed before Erolia.
 250 East 57th Street is a mixed use modernism style residential skyscraper under construction since 2010 in New York City United States. The residential tower will be 712 feet tall with 59 floors and will also include the construction of two new schools and 78000 square feet of retail space in addition to a Whole Foods Market. The Whole Foods supermarket and the two schools (PS 59 and High School of Art and Design) opened in the Fall of 2012.
 Chennai 600028 is a 2007 Tamil sports comedy film written and directed by Venkat Prabhu making his directorial debut. The film stars Jai Shiva Premji Amaran Aravind Akash Nithin Sathya and newcomers Ajay Raj Ranjith Vijay Vasanth Prasanna Inigo Karthik and Arun in the lead along with Vijayalakshmi daughter of National Film Award-winning director Agathiyan and Kristine Zedek making their acting debut as well. The film was produced by S. P. B. Charan along with J. K.
 Mount Crickmer is one of the southernmost summits of the Garibaldi Ranges of the Coast Mountains overlooking the Central Fraser Valley in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia Canada. Forming a rocky knoll at the northern end of a relatively flat-topped southeast-northwest axis ridge named Blue Mountain which divides the basin of Alouette Lake which lies immediately below it to the west and the valley of the Stave River; Stave Lake is immediately at its eastern foot.
 The Lamar Ledger is a twice weekly newspaper in Lamar Colorado. It has a second publication called The Tri-State Trader TMC product which publishes once a week. The Lamar Ledger is published by Prairie Mountain Publishing a division of MediaNews Group. General Manager: Tracy Godinez Editor: Lance Maggart Sports Editor: John Contreras Advertising: Rick Stagner and Ed Bennett Circulation/Reception: Sara DeLaRosa.
 Wanderlust is a 2012 American comedy film directed by David Wain starring Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd as a married couple who try to escape modern society by finding themselves on a commune in Georgia after the economy crashes down on their dreams in New York.Grossing only $24 million worldwide on a budget of $35 million Wanderlust received mixed reactions and was a box office disappointment.
 Batán River is a river of northern Colombia. It flows into the Caribbean Sea.
 †Mautodontha parvidens was a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species was endemic to French Polynesia. It is now extinct.
 Songs for Christmas is a box set of five separate EPs of Christmas-related songs and carols recorded by independent musician Sufjan Stevens between 2001 and 2006. The EPs had been given as gifts to friends and family of Stevens over the past six years except for 2004 where he was too busy recording the Illinois album. Though the first three EPs have been available on Sufjan Stevens-related fansites for several years Songs for Christmas is the first official release of these EPs.
 Mir Makan (Persian: ميرمكان‎ also Romanized as Mīr Makān) is a village in Boli Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 19 families.
 Thame and its neighbouring Thameteng (upper Thame) are small Sherpa villages in Namche VDC of the Solukhumbu District in Nepal. These were the last year-round villages on the salt trading route that existed between Tibet Nepal and India. It is the home to many famous Sherpa mountaineers including Apa Sherpa who holds the world record for summiting Everest 21 times. It was also a childhood home of Tenzing Norgay who was (with Sir Edmund Hillary) one of the first men to climb Mt Everest.
 Mademoiselle Mozart (US title: Meet Miss Mozart) is a 1935 French comedy/drama genre film directed produced and written by Yvan Noé.
 Eucosmomorpha figurana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in and is possibly endemic to Vietnam.
 William H. Bill Press (born April 8 1940) is a US talk radio host liberal political commentator and author. He was chair of the California Democratic Party from 1993 to 1996.
 The Round Barn Bruce Township Section 3 is located in Bruce Township Benton County Iowa. It was built in 1910 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 60 feet (18 m) around. The barn is constructed of clay tile and features a conical roof. The structure does not have a cupola but there is a silo that rises through the center. There is also a round machine shed on the same property.
 Har Kuh (Persian: هركوه‎ also Romanized as Har Kūh) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 38 families.
 Child of the Sun is a pop/rock album by Mayte Garcia released in 1995. It was produced by Prince when they were married and released by NPG Records. The album was not very critically or commercially successful.The album has a similar style to Prince's albums of the same period.
 In Dis Life is the final album of original music by Native Hawaiian singer Israel Iz Kamakawiwo'ole before his death. Released in 1996 it is his most critically acclaimed album although it's not his most popular.[citation needed] It shows a slight change to Iz's musical style being more dark and more of an alternative music-styled album (although it is not rock). There are several strangely upbeat songs with sad lyrics such as tracks 4 5 and 8 but the majority of them are melancholy.
 The George Stoppel Farmstead is a pioneer farm located just outside the western city limits of Rochester Minnesota USA. The farmstead is owned and operated by the History Center of Olmsted County. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Chubeh (Persian: چوبه‎ also Romanized as Chūbeh Chūbah and Chubakh) is a village in Khandan Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 21 families.
 Greya suffusca is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in the Sierra Nevada near Sequoia National Park in California. The habitat consists of oak and mixed oak-conifer forest.The wingspan is 12.5-20 mm. The forewings are brown irrorated with white scales. Female are usually darker and more patterned. The hindwings are uniformly grey.The larvae feed on Osmorhiza brachypoda. Young larvae feed on the developing seeds of their host plant.
 L is Candy Lo's third EP. It features three songs all sung in Mandarin. This EP is Candy's shortest to date.
 Ralph Henry Fonseca (born 1949) is a Belizean politician and a member of the People's United Party.
 UnMerry Melodies is the first studio album by American punk rock band Bigwig. It was released on Fearless Records in 1997.
 Elizabeth Howlett is a Conservative Party politician and former member of the London Assembly for Merton and Wandsworth.Howlett formerly a singer is a councillor in the London Borough of Wandsworth where she is a former Mayor 1998/9 and former Chairman of the Social Services and Education Committees. She was first elected to the Assembly in 2000 and retained her seat in 2004 till 2008. She is a member of the London Regional Arts Council.
 Under the Influence of Bad People is an album by Screw 32 released in 1997 on Fat Wreck Chords.
 Wired for Thought: How the Brain is Shaping the Future of the Internet is a book by entrepreneur Jeffrey Stibel that argues that the human brain and the Internet are similar and suggests that the Internet is further evolving into a brain. Besides his focus on the science and technology behind this evolution the author also discusses its effects on Internet companies. The book was published by Harvard University Press in 2009.
 Sir Alexander George Montagu Cadogan OM GCMG KCB PC (25 November 1884 – 9 July 1968) was a British diplomat and civil servant. He was Permanent Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs from 1938 to 1946. His long tenure of the Permanent Secretary's office makes him one of the central figures of British policy before and during the Second World War. His diaries are a source of great value and give a sharp sense of the man and his life.
 The Secret of Chimneys is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the UK by The Bodley Head in June 1925 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year. It introduces the characters of Superintendent Battle and Lady Eileen Bundle Brent. The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6) and the US edition at $2.00.At the request of George Lomax Lord Caterham reluctantly agrees to host a weekend party at his home Chimneys.
 Holy Ascension Church Upton by Chester is located in Church Lane Upton by Chester Chester Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Anelosimus bali is a species of spider found in Bali Indonesia after which the species is named. It is a coastal species found in small-leaved mangrove trees along the beach. The holotype is female and 2.9 millimetres (0.11 in) long. No male specimens have been identified and the social structure of the species is not known. It was first identified in 2012 by Ingi Agnarsson.
 The Blow Sand Mountains are a mountain range in Churchill County Nevada.
 Jay Chou 2007 World Tour Concert Live (Chinese: 周杰倫2007世界巡迴演唱會) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jay Chou's second live album and Concert DVD. It was produced by JVR Music and distributed by Sony Music Taiwan. Three editions were released on 31 January 2008: Jay Chou 2007 World Tour Concert Live (2CD) Jay Chou 2007 World Tour Concert Live (DVD) and Jay Chou 2007 World Tour Concert Live (CD+DVD). The content were recorded during concert held on 10 November 2007 at Taipei Taiwan.
 The Morgan River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally west from the small Lake Morgan high in the Kaimata Range of the Southern Alps reaching the Crooked River 18 kilometres from the latters outflow into Lake Brunner.
 The Toutle River is a 17.2-mile (27.7 km) tributary of the Cowlitz River in the U.S. state of Washington. It rises in two forks merging near Toutle below Mount St. Helens and joins the Cowlitz near Castle Rock 20 miles (32 km) upstream of the larger river's confluence with the Columbia River.The river was altered by the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens a nearby volcano and subsequent flows of ash and other debris.
 Karacaören is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 To the Last Man is an award-winning gay pornographic film directed by Chris Ward Ben Leon and Tony Dimarco and produced by Raging Stallion Studios. It was released in November 2008.An 'epic' western movie it is loosely based on the 1921 novel To the Last Man: A Story of the Pleasant Valley War by Zane Grey. The film revolves around the struggle between two ranches - one with water and one without - in the American West.
 David Alexander Paterson (born May 20 1954) is an American politician and the 55th Governor of New York from 2008 to 2010. He was the first African American governor of New York and also the second legally blind governor of any U.S. state after Bob C. Riley who was Governor of Arkansas for 11 days in January 1975.
 Feuerbach (Neckar) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Michael G. Mike Miller (born c. 1960) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the New York State Assembly representing the 38th Assembly District which includes the Queens neighborhoods of Woodhaven Ridgewood Richmond Hill Ozone Park and Glendale.He has lived in Glendale for 40 years. Miller is a graduate of Archbishop Molloy High School and attended Queens College and the CUNA Management School at the University of Georgia.
 Szczyty-Nowodwory [ˈʂt͡ʂɨtɨ nɔvɔdˈvɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Acrolophus ornata is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Lerni (Persian: لرني‎ also Romanized as Lernī) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 373 in 65 families.
 Prasinocyma rhodocosma is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in northern Western Australia the Northern Territory Queensland and New South Wales.The wingspan is about 30 mm.The larvae feed on young shoots and leaves of Eucalyptus species
 Karol Aida Cariola Oliva (born April 1 1987) is a Chilean midwife and former president of the Federación de Estudiantes de la Universidad de Concepción (University of Concepción Student Federation) for 2010. She was elected General Secretary of the Juventudes Comunistas de Chile abbr. JJ.CC. (the youth wing of the Communist Party of Chile) at the organizations XIII Congress held in October 2011.
 The Fuldaer Zeitung is a regional German daily newspaper for the city of Fulda and its region the east of Hesse published since 1 January 1874. As of 2012 with its regional subsidiaries (Kinzigtal-Nachrichten Hünfelder Zeitung and Schlitzer Bote) it has a total circulation of over 51000.The newspaper was founded by Johannes Parzeller owner of the Fulda printing and publishing company Parzeller Verlag.
 Coombes Church is a Church of England parish church in the rural hamlet of Coombes in the Adur District of West Sussex England. It has served the rural parish northwest of Shoreham-by-Sea and next to the River Adur since the 11th century. Despite several rebuildings some structural elements remain from that period. An important series of wall paintings dating from the 12th to the 18th centuries were uncovered in 1949.
 Leslie D. Les Donovan Sr. is a Republican member of the Kansas Senate representing the 27th District since 1997. He was the Assistant Majority Leader in 2001 and was a delegate to the National Republican Convention in 2000. He was a Kansas Representative from 1992 to 1997. He has also been a precinct committeeman since 1980.He is an auto dealer from Wichita.
 The Horodnic River is a tributary of the Pozen River in Romania. Dictator Nicolae Ceausescu dipped ordered his guardsman to take 500 gallons of the malaria ridden water to dump over the people he was about to order to be killed. This was said to cleanse the people of their sandy vaginas.
 Edward Francis McLaughlin Jr. (August 18 1920 – January 21 2005) was an American attorney and politician who served as a Boston city councilor president of the Boston City Council and the 60th Lieutenant Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts from 1961 to 1963.
 Cirque Lake Peak at 10210 feet (3110 m) above sea level is a peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Boise County. The peak is located 1.39 mi (2.24 km) north-northwest of Packrat Peak its line parent.
 Jew Süss (in the US retitled Power - Jew Suss) is a 1934 British historical romantic drama film based on Lion Feuchtwanger's 1925 novel Jud Süß about Joseph Süß Oppenheimer. Directed by Lothar Mendes the film stars German actor Conrad Veidt in the role of Oppenheimer.
 Triebener Tauern Pass (el. 1274 m.) is a mountain pass in the Central Eastern Alps in Austria in the Bundesland of Styria. It crosses the Niedere Tauern chain connecting the city of Judenburg in the Mur valley in the south with Trieben in the north.Until the 1970s the northern ascent had two steeply sloping sections with a maximum grade of 16 and 21% including multiple hairpin turns moreover affected by landslides.
 Live at the Ryman: The Greatest Show Ever Been Gave is the fourth live album (and thirteenth overall) from Robert Earl Keen. The recording was released via Koch Records on July 11 2006 in the United States and six days later in the United Kingdom.A version of the recording was also released on DVD and includes footage of the concert.
 The Tango Lesson (Spanish: 'La lección de tango') is a 1997 drama film by British director Sally Potter. It is a semi-autobiographical film starring Potter and Pablo Verón about Argentinian Tango.The film a co-production of Argentina France Germany Netherlands and the United Kingdom was produced by Christopher Sheppard in Britain and Oscar Kramer in Argentina and was shot mostly in black and white in Paris and Buenos Aires.
 Chah-e Amiq Suri (Persian: چاه عميق سوري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Sūrī) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Teulisna semibrunnea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Heylaerts in 1891. It is found on Java.
 Dharmender Singh Koli is an Indian politician from Delhi. He is a member of the Aam Aadmi Party and was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Delhi in December 2013 from the Seemapuri constituency.
 Muniyandi Vilangyial Moonramandu (Tamil: முனியாண்டிவிலங்கியல் மூண்றாமாண்டு; English: Muniyandi Third Year Zoology) is a 2008 Tamil film directed by Thirumurugan. Bharath Poorna and Ponvannan play the lead roles with Vadivelu. It was produced by Malaysian-based firm Lotus Five Star in association with Thiru Pictures.
 The Old National Bank building located in Spokane Washington was completed in 1911 and was the first skyscraper located in the Inland Northwest. This fifteen story tower reaches to a height of 217 feet (66 m) above the Spokane valley and remained the tallest building in the city until the Paulsen Center was completed across the street on Riverside Ave. The Old National Bank building served as a symbol of prosperity for the rising economy of the Inland Empire.
 David J. Osmek is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota he represents District 33 in the western Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 A Convergence of Birds is a collection of experimental fiction and poetry inspired by the artwork of Joseph Cornell. Jonathan Safran-Foer while still an unpublished college-student solicited his favorite authors to write about Cornell prints which he sent them in the mail along with his request for submissions.
 Cecil George Saville Foljambe 1st Earl of Liverpool PC (7 November 1846 – 23 March 1907) known as The Lord Hawkesbury between 1893 and 1905 was a British Liberal politician. A great-nephew of Prime Minister Robert Jenkinson 2nd Earl of Liverpool he was Lord Steward of the Household under Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman between 1905 and his death in 1907. He was the grandson of Sir Cecil Bishopp 6th Baronet of Parham his namesake.
 St. John the Baptist Church is an historic Episcopal church located at 118 High Street in the village of Sanbornville in Wakefield New Hampshire in the United States. Built between 1874 and 1877 to fulfill the dying wish of a prominent local woman the church was consecrated on September 14 1877 by the Rt. Rev. William Woodruff Niles the third bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of New Hampshire. On June 7 1984 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as St.
 The Shropshire House is a Greek Revival Federal style house located in the East Main Street Residential Historic District in Georgetown Kentucky. The house was the built in 1814 by John and Mary (Gano) Buckner.The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 2 1973.
 The Homeless One (Italian: Matlosa) is a 1981 Swiss drama film directed by Villi Hermann. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Anchor Inn in Digbeth Birmingham England is one of the oldest public houses in Digbeth dating back to 1797. The current building was constructed in 1901 to a design by James and Lister Lea for the Holt Brewery Company. The terracotta on the façade is believed to have come from the Hathern Station Brick and Terracotta Company of Loughborough. On 10 December 1991 the building was designated Grade II listed building status along with other nearby pubs such as the White Swan.
 The Golden Turkey Awards is a 1980 book by film critic Michael Medved and his brother Harry Medved.
 St Francis Xavier's Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Adelaide South Australia. It is classified as being a Gothic Revival building in the Early English style. The tower stands 36 m high and is 56.5 m lengthwise and 29.5 m horizontally. The foundation stone was laid in 1856 and construction of the tower began in 1887. However it was not completed until 1996.
 Paurodontidae is a family of Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous mammals in the order Dryolestida. Remains of paurodontids have been found in the USA Britain Portugal and Tanzania.
 In this Indonesian name the name Sukarnoputri is a patronymic not a family name and the person should be referred to by her given name Megawati.Diah Permata Megawati Setiawati Sukarnoputri (About this sound pronunciation born 23 January 1947) generally known as Megawati is an Indonesian politician and leader of the opposition party PDI-P. She served as the President of Indonesia from 23 July 2001 to 20 October 2004.
 Kankaria Lake is the biggest lake in Ahmedabad Gujarat. It is located in the southern part of the city in the Maninagar area. A lakefront has been developed around it which has many public attractions such as a zoo toy train kids city tethered balloon ride water rides water park food stalls and entertainment facilities. The lakefront was revamped in 2008. Kankaria Carnival is a week-long festival held here in the last week of December.
 Poco: The Songs of Paul Cotton is a compilation album consisting of songs by Paul Cotton of the band Poco released in 1979.
 Rok Mašina (trans. Rock Machine) is the 1981 debut and the only full-length studio album from former Yugoslav hard rock band Rok Mašina.
 John Momose Cheyo is a Tanzanian UDP politician and Member of Parliament for Bariadi East constituency since 2005.
 The Urubu Grande River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Motorvision is a home video by the American grunge band Soundgarden. It was released on November 17 1992.
 Pieczyska Iłowskie [pjɛˈt͡ʂɨska iˈwɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Iłów 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Sochaczew and 69 km (43 mi) west of Warsaw.
 The frigate tuna or frigate mackerel Auxis thazard thazard is a subspecies of tuna in the family Scombridae found around the world in tropical oceans.
 Contradusta is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 The Iowa City Press-Citizen is a daily newspaper published in Iowa City Iowa USA that serves most of Johnson County and portions of surrounding counties. Its primary competitors are The Gazette of Cedar Rapids which has a news bureau in Iowa City and The Daily Iowan the University of Iowa's student newspaper.
 Beethoven's 2nd is a 1993 family film directed by Rod Daniel and the first sequel to the 1992 film Beethoven. It starred Charles Grodin Bonnie Hunt and Debi Mazar. This is the second of seven installments in the Beethoven film series. Initially no theatrical sequel to Beethoven was planned but Beethoven's 2nd was produced after the unexpected financial success of the film. This is the last film in the franchise to be released theatrically as well as the last to feature the original cast.
 Ayumi Hamasaki Stadium Tour 2002 A DVD was released on January 29 2003 the same day as Ayumi Hamasaki Arena Tour 2002 A was also released.
 Weiß Survive (ヴァイス・サヴァイヴ Vaisu Savaivu) is a card battle manga and anime created by Bushiroad. The manga was drawn by Takuya Fujima and was serialized in Bushiroad's Bushiroad TCG Magazine. A 16-episode anime television series aired from June 5 2009 to September 18 2009 as a short segment on the live action television series Card Gakuen. A 12-episode sequel titled Weiß Survive R aired from December 4 2009 to March 26 2010 also on Card Gakuen.
 Soapsuds and Sapheads is a 1919 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Mount Tenpō (天保山 Tenpōzan) located in Minato-ku Osaka is commonly recognized as Japan's lowest mountain. The definition of a mountain used here is any elevation described as a mountain on a topographic map published by the Geographical Survey Institute of Japan though it is disputed that the mountain lacks credibility because it is not a natural part of the landscape.
 White Bread Black Beer is the fifth studio album by British post-punk/pop band Scritti Politti released in the UK on 28 May 2006 by Rough Trade Records and in the US on 25 July 2006 by Nonesuch Records. It is effectively a solo album by the group's only permanent member Green Gartside as it was written and recorded at his home in Dalston in east London and he sang and played all the instruments on the album.
 Pryteria apicata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana.
 Anxious Pleasures: A Novel After Kafka is a postmodern novel by Lance Olsen published in 2007 by Shoemaker & Hoard (now Counterpoint). It is a work of metafiction.
 Báječná léta pod psa (English - The Blissful Years of Lousy Living) is a 1997 movie adapted from the book of the same title by Michal Viewegh. The film is directed by Petr Nikolaev.
 Igor Pokaz (born 23 May 1968) was the Croatian ambassador to NATO. Igor Pokaz finished the Bachelor of Economics University in Zagreb in 1994. He is married and has one child.He is currently accredited as croatian ambassador to the Russian Federation.
 Chehel Amiran (Persian: چهل اميران‎ also Romanized as Chehel Amīrān; also known as Chīleh Mīrān and Chilleh Mīrān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 12 families.
 Tony n’ Tina’s Wedding is an environmental theatre event based on a traditional Italian-American wedding and reception with warm and intrusive stereotypes exaggerated for comic effect. Audience members are treated as guests at the wedding by the interactive improvisational comedy cast.The piece was first performed in an American Legion Hall in 1985.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي آباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 697 in 146 families.
 Atomic Kitten is the American debut album by Atomic Kitten. The girl group had previously been successful in the Europe Oceania and Asia and already released Right Now and Feels So Good which both went to number one in the UK Albums Chart however there had not been any release in the United States. It was therefore decided to make an album consisting of tracks of both previous albums.Unlike Europe Oceania and Asia the success of Atomic Kitten in the United States was limited.
 Oblique is an album by jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson. The album was originally recorded in 1967 and first issued as catalog number GXF-3061 in Japan in 1980. It was remastered and re-released on CD as a part of the Rudy Van Gelder Edition in 2005 with a different cover artwork.
 Forbidden Territory is a 1934 British thriller film directed by Phil Rosen and starring Gregory Ratoff Ronald Squire and Binnie Barnes. It was based on the 1933 novel The Forbidden Territory by Dennis Wheatley. An Englishman and his son travel to the Soviet Union to rescue a family member being held in prison. It was made at the Lime Grove Studios in Shepherd's Bush.
 Lilies was the last album prior to a nine year hiatus for Arovane ending in 2013 with the release of Ve Palor.
 Fablehaven is a fantasy book written by Brandon Mull. The book was released on July 30 2006. It is the first book in the Fablehaven series.
 The Museum of King John III's Palace at Wilanów (Polish: Muzeum Pałacu Króla Jana III w Wilanowie) is a museum in Warsaw Poland considered to be one of the oldest in the country and the repository of the country's royal and artistic heritage.
 Czarnia Mała [ˈt͡ʂarɲa ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Skrwilno 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Rypin and 71 km (44 mi) east of Toruń.
 The Rockwell Universalist Church near Winder Georgia was built in 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Lucilia illustris is a member of the Calliphoridae family of flies commonly known as a blow fly. Along with several other species L. illustris is commonly referred to as the green bottle fly. L. illustris is typically 6–9 mm in length and has a metallic blue-green thorax. The larvae develop in three instars each with unique developmental properties. The adult fly typically will feed on flowers but the females need some sort of carrion protein in order to breed and lay eggs.
 Hanza (Persian: هنزا‎ also Romanized as Hanzā; also known as Hamza) is a village in Anduhjerd Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 17 families.
 Albert Holden Illingworth 1st Baron Illingworth PC (25 May 1865–23 January 1942) was a British businessman and Liberal politician. He served as Postmaster General between 1916 and 1921 in David Lloyd George's coalition government.
 The Christopher Hotel (also called Hotel Christopher) was a hotel in Port-au-Prince Haiti destroyed in the 2010 Haiti earthquake on 12 January 2010.Prior to its destruction it was a 3-star 74-key 5-story hotel built into the hillside overlooking the capital of Haiti Port-au-Prince. The hotel housed the headquarters for the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH).
 The Labyrinth Key is a science fiction novel by Howard V. Hendrix first published in 2004.
 The Prowler is a 1951 black-and-white thriller film noir directed by Joseph Losey that stars Van Heflin and Evelyn Keyes. The film was produced by Sam Spiegel (as S.P. Eagle) and was written by Dalton Trumbo under a pseudonym.
 Like Trees in November is the debut release by Chapter 14 Like Trees in November is a five song EP self-released on November 30 2010.
 The Killing Kind is a 1973 American psychological horror directed by Curtis Harrington and starring Ann Sothern and John Savage. The film is based on a screenplay by Tony Crechales whose screenplay was revised by producer George Edwards an associate producer on Harrington's previous film What's the Matter with Helen? (1971).
 Aiyathurai Nadesan a prominent and veteran minority Sri Lankan Tamil journalist was shot dead on May 31 2004 on his way to work in eastern Sri Lankan town of Batticaloa by gunmen belonging to an armed paramilitary group widely believed to be so called Karuna Group.
 Blackfield is the debut album by the art rock band Blackfield released on the Snapper Music/Helicon labels in February 2004. The album was re-released in August of the same year with an additional three-track bonus disc followed by a later pressing that contains the album and the three bonus tracks all on one CD.Two songs are covers in English of earlier Aviv Geffen songs in Hebrew Cloudy Now (עכשיו מעונן) from 1993 and Scars (צלקות) from 2000.
 Classic Crack is a compilation album by American rock band Crack the Sky released in 1980.
 Castulo plagiata the Yellow-banded Footman is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Australia (New South Wales Victoria and Tasmania).The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adult males have black forewings with a yellow band across the middle. The hindwings are yellow with variable black margins.
 The Midouze (Occitan: Midosa) is a right tributary of the Adour in the Landes in the Southwest of France.
 The Jay Em Historic District comprises the abandoned center of the village of Jay Em Wyoming. The town was planned and established by Lake Harris between 1912 and 1915 as a service town supporting ranchers in the surrounding area. The place was recognized as a town in 1915 when a post office was established.
 The Espace Léopold (French commonly used in English) or About this sound Leopoldruimte (Dutch) is the complex of parliament buildings in Brussels (Belgium) housing the European Parliament a legislative chamber of the European Union (EU).It consists of a number of buildings primarily the oldest the Paul-Henri Spaak building which houses the debating chamber and the President's offices and the Altiero Spinelli building which is the largest.
 Babelomurex nakayasui is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Pirsalman Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 43 families.
 The Blind Giant is Dancing is a play by Australian playwright Stephen Sewell. It was first published by Currency Press in 1983. It went on to win the 1985 New South Wales Premier's Literary Award.
 The Thieving Magpie (La Gazza Ladra) is a double live album by Marillion named after the introductory piece of classical music the band used before coming on stage during the Clutching at Straws tour 1987–1988 the overture to Rossini's opera La gazza ladra which translates as The Thieving Magpie.The album was released shortly after singer Fish's departure from the band (and before Steve Hogarth's arrival) and was intended to document the Fish years.
 Dragon Ball Z: Music Fantasy (ドラゴンボールＺミュージックファンタジー Doragon Bōru Zetto Musaiku Fantajī) is an image soundtrack of the anime Dragon Ball Z. It was released by Forte Music Entertainment on January 21 1995 in Japan only. This album features synthesized music. Like Digital Dragon Ball it contains medleys of the opening and closing theme songs from both Dragon Ball and Dragon Ball Z. However it also contains three exclusive vocal tracks.
 Hochzellberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 John Barry Turner (born April 11 1946) is a Canadian politician and lobbyist.Born in Ottawa Ontario Turner was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in Brian Mulroney's massive sweep in the 1984 election in which the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada won more seats than any party before or since.Turner was elected to the riding of Ottawa—Carleton which has been a traditional Liberal seat and was once the riding of then Prime Minister John Turner (no relation) who left parliament in 1976 and was seeking election in Vancouver British Columbia. 
 Typhlops marxi is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 Brusdalsvatnet is a large lake on the island of Oksenøya in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The lake sits on the border between Ålesund Municipality and Skodje Municipality. The lake is a reservoir that is the water supply for the nearby city of Ålesund. The 7.3-square-kilometre (2.8 sq mi) lake is about 9.5 by 1.3 kilometres (5.90 mi × 0.81 mi).
 Hotel Baker is a historic landmark in St. Charles Illinois. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and has been in and out of the hotel business since 1928.
 Alan Charles Hunt CMG (born 5 March 1941) is a former British diplomat. He was educated at Latymer Upper School and at the University of East Anglia where he obtained a First Class Honours Degree in European Studies. Following a long career in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office he served as British High Commissioner to Singapore from 1997-2001. He was appointed a Companion of St Michael and St George (CMG) in 1990.
 There are fourteen extant families of the order Testudines an order of reptile commonly known as turtles tortoises and terrapins. The testudines are some of the most ancient reptiles alive with only the tuataras considered more primitive. There are approximately 300 extant species and 97 genera of testudines split into two suborders: the Cryptodirans and the Pleurodirans. The distinction between these two suborders is based on the mode in which they cover their head and neck.
 The Lake Champlain Maritime Museum (LCMM) is non-profit museum located in Ferrisburgh Vermont USA. Its mission is to preserve and share the history and archaeology of Lake Champlain. As a maritime museum specializing in archaeology LCMM studies the dozens of shipwrecks discovered in Lake Champlain and plays a major role in the management of those cultural resources.
 Johannes Marcellus Maria Han Polman (born January 16 1963 in Ootmarsum) is a Dutch politician of the Democrats 66 party (D66). He is the Queen's Commissioner of Zeeland since March 1 2013. Previously he was Mayor of Bergen op Zoom and Noordwijkerhout.
 The Summer of High Hopes is the tenth album by Emm Gryner released in 2006 on Dead Daisy Records.In an interview with Q Magazine Bono cited Gryner's Almighty Love as one of the songs he most wished he had written himself.Copies preordered through Gryner's website were shipped with a bonus disc PVT which featured rerecorded versions of songs from her 1998 album Public. This disc was later offered as a separate purchase.
 The Mighty Peking Man (猩猩王 THE MIGHTY PEKING MAN) (Mandarin: Hsing Hsing Wang Cantonese: Sing Sing Wong - literally Orangutan King: THE MIGHTY PEKING MAN) is a 1977 film produced in Hong Kong by Shaw Brothers Studio to capitalize on the craze surrounding the 1976 remake of King Kong.
 Le Musée de Saint-Boniface Museum is a museum in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada that is dedicated to Franco-Manitoban culture and history. It is located in the oldest building in Winnipeg a former convent run by the Grey Sisters. Begun in 1846 and finished in 1851 the former nunnery has been an orphanage a school a seniors' home and was the first incarnation of the St. Boniface Hospital. The museum contains many Franco-Manitoban and Métis artifacts.
 Papilio peranthus is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found from the Philippines and Malaysia to Indonesia (including Sumatra Java Borneo and Sulawesi)The wingspan is 70-90 mm.
 Jefferson Mall is a Louisville Kentucky shopping mall located near the intersection of Interstate 65 and Outer Loop in southern Louisville.
 The David River is a river of Panama.
 Cool Mortification is the second album by the band Krabathor. It was originally released in 1993. It has been re-issued as a double CD with Only Our Death Is Welcome....
 Beyond the Neighbourhood is the third studio album by English rock band Athlete and was released in the United Kingdom on 3 September 2007 by Parlophone (see 2007 in British music) and was released in the United States on 25 September by Astralwerks. The album peaked at #5 in the UK Album Charts and eventually turned out to be the band's last album on Parlophone before parting company.
 Amazing X-Men is the name of two X-Men comic book series from Marvel Comics. The first was a limited series published during the Age of Apocalypse storyline. The current ongoing series began in November 2013 in the aftermath of Battle of the Atom and is initially written by Jason Aaron with art by Ed McGuinness featuring a lineup of long-time X-Men characters led by Wolverine.
 The Sacrilicious Sounds of the Supersuckers is the third studio album by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers. It was released on August 8 1995 on Sub Pop.The word sacrilicious is a portmanteau of sacrilegious and delicious. It was popularized in Homer Loves Flanders a 1994 episode of the television series The Simpsons.
 The LeClaire Apartments is a historic apartment building in Tampa Florida United States. It is located at 3013 through 3015 San Carlos Street. It was designed by Tampa architect Fred J. James. On November 16 1988 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Don Albert Morin was the seventh Premier of Northwest Territories Canada.
 Ester Graff (1897 - 1991) was a Danish businesswoman and feminist. She worked for what later became Unilever from 1922 and after WWII became CEO of the Danish branch of the marketing bureau Lintas. From 1952 to 1958 she served as the 4th President of the International Alliance of Women.
 Klistervatnet is a lake that lies on the border between Norway and Russia. The 17.2-square-kilometre (6.6 sq mi) lake lies on the river Pasvikelva and it is about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) long and 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) wide. The lake is located north of lake Bjørnevatnet.
 Captain (later Admiral) Arthur Phillip RN (11 October 1738 – 31 August 1814) was the first Governor of New South Wales and founder of the settlement which became Sydney.After much experience at sea including command of a ship that was saved in a storm by convicts Phillip sailed with the First Fleet as Governor-designate of the proposed British penal colony of New South Wales.
 The Arista Hodge House (also known as Kalorama Castle) in Staunton Virginia is a private residence first built in 1882 with a massive and historically significant facade added in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982. It is located in the Gospel Hill Historic District.
 History of Now is a 2005 album by Preston Reed and was the second release on Reed's own label.It contains six new compositions — the other eight tracks are re-recorded and sometimes varied interpretations of some of Reed's previously released compositions. Four tracks are from the out-of-print title Border Towns. The song Corazon was originally released on the video Preston Reed in Concert.On this release Reed performs on solo acoustic classical and electric guitars.
 Dhananjay Mahato (born 8 August 1919) was a freedom fighter and social activist who turned politician and later chairman of Adityapur Industrial Area Development Authority (A.I.A.D.A) Jamshedpur. He was elected as M.L.A. from Ichagarh constituency and Member of Bihar Legislative Council. He was a member of All India Congress Committee (AICC).
 The E. R. Shields House at 351 St. Patrick in Tonopah Nevada United States was built in 1904. It includes Late Victorian details in a largely Neo-Colonial design. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.A survey of Nye County historic properties identified it as significant for its architecture as one of the best preserved well crafted wood frame houses in Tonopah and also for its association with Tonopah merchant E.R.
 Eupithecia marginata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from Cyprus through the northern Caucasus (Daghestan) Armenia Azerbaijan Iran Afghanistan Uzbekistan Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan to south-eastern Kazakhstan (the Tien-Shan Mountains) and north-western China (Xinjiang).
 Anycles anthracina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Mexico Guatemala Panama Venezuela and Brazil.
 Lamprima aenea is a species of beetle in the Family Lucanidae that is found in on Norfolk Island.
 Calycemorda brasiliensis is a species of beetle in the Calycemorda genus. It was discovered in 1969.
 The Kitimat Ranges are one of the three main subdivisions of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia Canada the other being the Pacific Ranges to the south and the Boundary Ranges to the north.
 The Arlington Apartments are located in Waukesha Wisconsin It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Released in 2003 Fartaqi is the third album by Ahmed Bukhatir.
 Nephew Tommy's Prank Phone Calls: Volume 1 is the debut album by comedian Nephew Tommy. It features some of his most famous prank phone calls requested by fans.
 Morone is a genus of temperate basses native to the Atlantic coast of North America as well as freshwater systems of the southwestern and eastern United States.
 Chemistry World is a monthly chemistry news magazine published by the Royal Society of Chemistry. The magazine addresses current events in world of chemistry including research international business news and government policy as it affects the chemical science community plus the best product applications. It features regular columns by Philip Ball Derek Lowe and Paul Docherty. The magazine is sent to all members of the Royal Society of Chemistry and is included in the cost of membership.
 Gachilbong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1164 metres
 Viktor Baloha (Viktor Ivanovych Baloha) (June 15 1963 Zavydovo) – is a Ukrainian politician. Former Minister of Emergencies of Ukraine (Ministry of Ukraine on Emergencies and Affairs of Population Protection from Consequences of Chernobyl Catastrophe – 2005–2006 Мinistry of Emergencies of Ukraine from November 2010). The Head of the Secretariat of the President of Ukraine Viktor Yushchenko (2006–2009).
 Without a Dowry (Russian: Бесприданница) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky premiered on November 10 1878 on the Maly Theater stage and first published in the January 1879 issue of Otechestvennye zapiski. Met with relative indifference by contemporary critics later it’s gained the status of the Russian theater's classics. Eldar Ryazanov had it adapted into a popular 1983 film.
 George William Frederick Brudenell-Bruce 2nd Marquess of Ailesbury KG PC DL (20 November 1804 – 6 January 1878) styled Lord Bruce between 1814 and 1821 and Earl Bruce between 1821 and 1856 was a British peer Liberal politician and courtier.
 Wola-Dąbrowa [ˈvɔla dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Wartkowice 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Poddębice and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Orange County Museum of Art (OCMA) is a museum located in Newport Beach California.The museum's collection comprises more than 3000 objects with a concentration on the art of California from the early 20th century to present. Exhibits include traditional paintings sculptures and photography as well as new media in the form of video digital and installation art. Each month the museum hosts events such as Thursday evening lectures artists' talks and special activities for children.
 The Climb is a 2002 film directed by John Schmidt distributed by World Wide Pictures.
 Búlandstindur is a mountain in Eastern Iceland between the bays Berufjörður and Hamarsfjörður. Mt. Búlandstindur is 1069 metres (3507 ft) above sea level. It is a pyramid-shaped stack of basaltic strata.
 Zam Zaman (Persian: زمزمان‎ also Romanized as Zam Zamān) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 5 families.
 Hello Sunshine is a collection of poems and short stories by Ryan Adams released on December 1 2009. The book is published by Akashic Books.Adams states that: this is the book of verse where I wake up where I see myself responding to a world with as much light and as much grace as whatever disappointment I felt. This is where I fell back in love with everything--this is my best work yet.(Preorders of Hello Sunshine were shipped on 18 August by publisher Akashic Books).
 Ban Napho is a village in Sainyabuli Province Laos. It is located to the northeast of Muang Saiapoun and southwest of Muang Pa.
 Drona is a Telugu film starring Nitin Priyamani Kelly Dorjee Mukhesh Rishi Sita Sunil Raghubabu directed by Karunakumar. Produced by DS Rao and music composed by Anoop Rubens. The film released in 2009. In spite of publicity stunts like Priyamani's bikini act the film turned out to be an average flick at the box-office.
 Caln Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house located at 901 Caln Meeting House Road near Coatesville in Caln Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1726 and is a one-story tan fieldstone structure. It was enlarged to its present size in 1801.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. Services are still held weekly at the meeting house.
 Lives of the necromancers or An account of the most eminent persons in successive ages who have claimed for themselves or to whom has been imputed by others the exercise of magical powers (1834) was English journalist political philosopher and novelist William Godwin's final book. The book concerns paranormal legends from western and middle eastern history. In 1835 it was reviewed by Edgar Allan Poe of the Southern Literary Messenger.
 Pieranie [pjɛˈraɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dąbrowa Biskupia 16 km (10 mi) east of Inowrocław and 33 km (21 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 190.
 The brown-dotted nudibranch Cadlina sp.2 as designated by Gosliner 1987 is a species of colourful sea slug a dorid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cadlinidae.
 Michel-Adrien Bessette (September 27 1827 – November 28 1904) was a merchant and political figure in Quebec. He represented Shefford in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1867 to 1871 as a Conservative.He was born in Saint-Luc Lower Canada the son of Daniel Bessette and Justine C. Audet. Bessette set up business at North Stukely. In 1852 he married Susan Wood Stevens. Bessette served as mayor of North Stukely and major in the militia.
 Jatahare is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5402 people living in 941 individual households.
 The Adventures of Una Persson and Catherine Cornelius in the 20th Century: A Romance is a novel by British fantasy and science fiction writer Michael Moorcock. It is part of his long running Jerry Cornelius series. It was first published in 1976 by Quartet Books in the UK.
 Chira is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Mount Sanford is a shield volcano in the Wrangell Volcanic Field in eastern Alaska near the Copper River. It is the third highest volcano in the United States behind Mount Bona and Mount Blackburn. The south face of the volcano at the head of the Sanford Glacier rises 8000 feet (2400 m) in 1 mile (1600 m) resulting in one of the steepest gradients in North America.
 Qutbuddin Hilal (Pashto: قطب الدين هلال) (born 1952) is a politician in Afghanistan who served as the Deputy Prime Minister in 1993 and 1996 during the tenure of Burhanuddin Rabbani when Gulbuddin Hekmatyar was Prime Minister. He announced his candidacy in September 2013 to stand candidate in the 2014 Presidential elections.
 Qaleh Tarfi (Persian: قلعه طرفي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Ţarfī and Qal‘eh-ye Ţarfī) is a village in Soveyseh Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 529 in 83 families.
 The Water Pipit (Anthus spinoletta) is a small passerine bird which breeds in the mountains of southern Europe and southern temperate Asia across to China. It is a short-distance migrant moving to wet open lowlands such as marshes and flooded fields in winter.
 Robin Wright-Jones is a Democratic member of the Missouri Senate representing the 5th district since 2007. Her district covers part of City of St. Louis.
 The Coosawattee River is a 49.3-mile-long (79.3 km) river located in the northwest part of the U.S. state of Georgia.The river begins at the confluence of the Ellijay River and Cartecay River in the city of Ellijay in Gilmer County. The river flows west through the foothills of the north Georgia mountains.In Murray County the river is impounded by Carters Dam forming Carters Lake.
 Cool It is a 2010 documentary film based on the book of the same name. It stars Danish author Bjørn Lomborg who wrote the book. It premiered in September in Canada at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival and had a theatrical United States release on November 12 2010. The film was directed by Ondi Timoner.
 The Țigan River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 The Grand Palais des Champs-Elysées commonly known as the Grand Palais (English: Great Palace) is a large historic site exhibition hall and museum complex located at the Champs-Élysées in the 8th arrondissement of Paris France.
 Baran [ˈbaran] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Mniów and 21 km (13 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 89.
 Mudunuru (Telugu: ముదునూరు) is a village in Vuyyuru mandal of Krishna district Andhra Pradesh India.Indian Independence activist Anne Anjaiah (1905-1975) was born in this village.
 The Monster Squad is a 1987 comedy/horror film written by Shane Black and Fred Dekker and directed by Fred Dekker (who also wrote/directed Night of the Creeps). It was released by Tri-Star Pictures on August 14 1987. The film features the Universal Monsters (re-imagined by a team of special effects artists including Stan Winston) led by Count Dracula. They in turn combat a group of savvy kids out to keep them from controlling the world.
 Cropwell Friends Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house at 810 Cropwell Road Evesham Township Burlington County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1793 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Monte Carlo is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Thomas Bezucha. Denise Di Novi Alison Greenspan Nicole Kidman and Arnon Milchan produced the film for Fox 2000 Pictures and Regency Enterprises. It began production in Harghita Romania on May 5 2010.Monte Carlo stars Selena Gomez Leighton Meester and Katie Cassidy as three friends posing as wealthy socialites in Monte Carlo Monaco. The film was released on July 1 2011.
 William R. Bill Greiner (1934 – December 19 2009) was President of the University at Buffalo (UB) in the State University of New York (SUNY) system from 1991-2004 where he worked for 42 years. Prior to being appointed President Greiner served in other instructional and leadership capacities in the University at Buffalo Law School and in UB's administration.
 The Masonic Temple in Pendleton Oregon is a historic building constructed in 1887. It was originally built as a meeting hall for Pendleton Lodge (a local Masonic lodge) with commercial space on the ground floor to help offset the cost of maintaining the meeting hall. It was listed on the listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. Since its listing the lodge had moved to a new building.
 Independence is a ghost town in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located just off State Highway 82 in the eastern corner of Pitkin County below the Continental Divide. It was the first settlement established in the Roaring Fork Valley after gold was struck in the vicinity on Independence Day July 4 1879 hence its name.
 Dust is the sixth studio album by the Scottish celtic fusion band Peatbog Faeries released on August 8 2011 on Peatbog Records. Pre-release copies were released July 20 2011 on the band's online shop.
 The Santa Marta Bush Tyrant (Myiotheretes pernix) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.The species was first discovered in an expedition by Rebecca Goodine a female wildlife activist.
 Mount Solomons is a peak in the Sierra Nevada mountain range in the U.S. state of California. It rises to 13040 feet (3975 m) directly above Muir Pass. Mount Solomons was named after Theodore Solomons an explorer of the Sierra Nevada mountains who mapped and established what is now the northern half of John Muir Trail.The peak is on the Goddard Divide in Kings Canyon National Park and overlooks Evolution Basin. A scramble from the Muir trail at Muir pass leads to the summit.
 St. Elizabeth Hospital is a new medical facility in Enumclaw Washington United States. It is part of the Franciscan Health System based in Tacoma. Franciscan is affiliated with Catholic Health Initiatives a national non-profit organization with headquarters in Englewood Colo.
 Stars of David: Prominent Jews Talk About Being Jewish (2005) is a book by Abigail Pogrebin.The 400-page book was published by Random House.In the book 62 prominent American Jews discuss their feelings about being Jewish in a series of interviews.The author is former 60 Minutes producer and journalist Abigail Pogrebin.Among those interviewed are actress and producer Sarah Jessica Parker U.S.
 Thoms Cove the nickname for Thomas Cove is a natural cove approximately 1500 feet (0.28 mi) in diameter in Hawkins Point Baltimore on the northeastern end of the peninsula with the tidal Patapsco River to the northeast Curtis Bay to the northwest Hawkins Point to the west and I-695 to the south.Thoms Cove is bordered by Eastalco Aluminum Company's loading and storage facility and a Superfund landfill.
 Michael Crawford Kerr (March 15 1827 – August 19 1876) was an American legislator. He was born at Titusville Pennsylvania and educated at the Erie Academy. He graduated from Louisville University's Law School in 1851. He moved to New Albany Indiana in 1852 and was a member of the State Legislature in 1856 to 1857. He was elected to Congress in 1864 as a War Democrat having vigorously opposed the Copperhead element in his district.
 The Rochelle-Prince House is a historic home located at Courtland Southampton County Virginia. The original section dates to about 1814. The house consists of a 1 1/2-half-story two-bay block attached to a two-story three-bay block. The house was enlarged and remodeled between 1826 and 1827 and a rear ell was added about 1900.James Rochelle was clerk of the Southampton County court during the trial of Nat Turner.
 The Holy Trinity Church (Ukrainian: Храм Пресвятої Трійці; Polish: Kościół św. Trójcy) is a church in the city of Kamianets-Podilskyi Khmelnytskyi Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. The church is situated on Trinity Square near the entrance to the historic Old Town neighborhood of Kamianets-Podilskyi.Written documents date the Holy Trinity Church back to 1582 although archaeologists have found evidence that the church might even date back to the 14th century.
 Mistborn: The Alloy of Law is the first novel in the high fantasy series Wax and Wayne written by American author Brandon Sanderson. It is a sequel to the trilogy of the Mistborn series (which consists of Mistborn: The Final Empire Mistborn: The Well of Ascension and Mistborn: The Hero of Ages) and the setting of the novel is approximately 300 years after the conclusion of the trilogy. It was released on 8 November 2011 by Tor Books.
 The Valea Trăznită River is a tributary of the Valea Muierii in Romania.
 Rasta is a village in Akershus Norway.
 The Fiancée is the second full-length album from the band The Chariot released on April 3 2007. It was the final release by the band to feature drummer Jake Ryan; it was also the only release until Long Live to feature guitarist Jon Terrey and the first and only release with guitarist Dan Eaton.
 The Forbes-Watson's Swift (Apus berliozi) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.It is found in Kenya Somalia and Yemen.
 The Knights of Pythias Temple in Louisville Kentucky also known as Chestnut Street Branch-Y.M.C.A. was built in 1914. It was designed by Henry Wolters. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Czudowice [t͡ʂudɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Чудовичі Chudovychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Roźwienica within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Jarosław and 38 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Zbijewo [zbiˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Chodecz 32 km (20 mi) south of Włocławek and 78 km (48 mi) south of Toruń.
 James Murray Jim Vickerman (born May 1 1931) is a politician from Minnesota and a former Minnesota State Senator first elected in 1986 in the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party's firestorm that swept southwestern Minnesota during the height of the 1980s Midwestern farm crisis. In that election he unseated incumbent Senator Doran Isackson winning by a substantial margin. He was re-elected in 1990 1992 1996 2000 2002 and 2006.
 The Reghin River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Little Lake Butte des Morts is a lake in the state of Wisconsin USA eight miles north of Lake Butte Des Morts. It is part of the Fox-Wisconsin Waterway and receives its inflow from a short segment of the Fox River which drains from the north end of Lake Winnebago around Doty Island. The north end of Little Lake Butte des Morts becomes the section of the Fox River running to Green Bay. The lake is part of the Butte des Morts region in Winnebago County Wisconsin.
 Company is a monthly fashion celebrity and lifestyle magazine published in the United Kingdom. It celebrated its 30th birthday in 2008 and in that time has had only six editors: Maggie Goodman Gil Hudson Mandi Norwood Fiona Macintosh Sam Baker and the current editor Victoria White. The magazine generally features celebrities on its covers.
 Masque is the third album by American progressive rock band Kansas released in 1975. The album was reissued in remastered format on CD in 2001.The opening track It Takes a Woman's Love (To Make a Man) was remixed for release as a single but failed to gain attention. The remix included additional guest vocals and contains segments far different from the album version. The album was remastered and issued on vinyl in 2014.
 The Rituria River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Bara no Konrei ~Mayonaka ni Kawashita Yakusoku~ (薔薇の婚礼 ～真夜中に交わした約束～) (Wedding Rose ~The Promise Exchanged at Midnight~) is a movie released by Malice Mizer on March 22 2002. It is a silent film with a storyline similar to Dracula and other vampire-based stories with Japanese and English captions for dialogue. Malice Mizer's final album Bara no Seidou along with the song ~Zenchou~ from the previous album Voyage ~Sans Retour~ serves as the background score.
 Intelligence in Nature: An Inquiry into Knowledge is a 2005 non-fiction book by Jeremy Narby. The book continues Narby's quest that began in The Cosmic Serpent (1995).
 Germili is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 The Pontiac City Hall and Fire Station is a historic building located at 110 W. Howard St. in Pontiac Illinois which served as both Pontiac's city hall and fire station. The building was constructed in 1900 to replace and 1883 building which also served as both a city hall and a fire station. Architect John H. Barnes designed the building in the Romanesque Revival style.
 Peronia verruculata is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Too Much Sugar for a Dime is an album by Henry Threadgill released in 1993 on the Axiom label. It has been described as: a mad glorious romp which explores some very dark timbres and tonalities and yet remains witty fresh and consistently exciting. (Richard Cook & Brian Morton The Penguin Guide to Jazz on CD).
 Pseudonaclia bifasciata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Aurivillius in 1909. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.
 Galeh-ye Dary Hashem Ebrahimi (Persian: گله دارئ هاشم ابراهيمي‎ also Romanized as Galeh-ye Dāry Hāshem Ebrāhīmī) is a village in Hashivar Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Secesh River is a 27-mile (43 km) tributary of the South Fork Salmon River in Idaho and Valley Counties Idaho in the United States. The river begins at the confluence of Lake Creek and Summit Creek near the unincorporated community of Burgdorf and flows generally southeast through Secesh Meadows and a series of canyons emptying into the South Fork near Browns Camp.The river drains a remote wilderness watershed in the Salmon River Mountains.
 Robert Ley (German: [ˈlaɪ]; 15 February 1890 – 25 October 1945) was a Nazi politician and head of the German Labour Front from 1933 to 1945. He committed suicide while awaiting trial at Nuremberg for war crimes.
 Breaking the Surface is a best-selling book by Greg Louganis co-written with Eric Marcus published in 1996. The book spent five weeks at number one on the New York Times Best Seller list.Louganis chronicles his winning of back-to-back double gold medals at the 1984 Summer Olympics and 1988 Summer Olympics and his self-doubt and lack of confidence that held him back personally and professionally because of concealing his sexual orientation as a gay athlete.
 The Freedom Of '76 EP was released by Ween in 1995 on Flying Nun Records. The song was originally featured on Ween's album Chocolate and Cheese. It was said to have known as one of Ween's most beloved songs. The song was noted to be one of the first Ween songs where Gene Ween hit high notes without digitally enhancing the vocals. The book Real Wild Chid: An insider's tales from the rage couch referred to Freedom of '76's music video as the fucking best fucking video ever made.
 Aiptasia is a genus of a symbiotic cnidarian belonging to the class Anthozoa (sea anemones corals). Aiptasia is a widely distributed genus of temperate and tropical sea anemones of benthic lifestyle typically found living on mangrove roots and hard substrates. These anemones as well as many other cnidarian species often contain symbiotic dinoflagellate unicellular algae of the genus Symbiodinium living inside nutritive cells.
 Łaźnie [ˈwaʑɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Supraśl and 25 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Itasenpara Bitterling or Deepbody bitterling (Acheilognathus longipinnis) is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family. It grows to a maximum length of 8.0 cm.
 The Burke–Clark House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Yamn (Persian: يمن‎ also Romanized as Yaman) is a village in Galehzan Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 58 families.
 Jim Croce Live: The Final Tour is a live album by American singer-songwriter Jim Croce originally released in 1989 roughly 16 years after his untimely death at age 30 in a plane crash on September 20 1973. Recorded on the 1973 tour the album features in-concert performances of some of Croce's biggest hits peppered with stories and banter between songs adding the inspiration for some of them.
 Lissopholidisis is a genus of deep-sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family.
 Mount Arrowsmith is the largest mountain on southern Vancouver Island. Its dominant rock is basalt. The mountain is contained within a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve and as of September 18 2009 is designated part of 1300 hectare Mt. Arrowsmith Regional Park.
 The Big Time (1958) is a short science fiction novel by Fritz Leiber. It was awarded the Hugo Award during 1958. The Big Time is a story involving only a few characters but with a vast cosmic back story.
 The Projected Man (1967) is a British science fiction film which stars Mary Peach Bryant Haliday Norman Wooland and Ronald Allen. It was released in the United States by Universal Studios as a double bill with Island of Terror. The plot revolves around a scientist Dr. Paul Steiner experimenting with matter teleportation by means of a laser device.
 The Valea Seacă a Caraimanului River is a tributary of the Valea Albă River in Romania.
 The Connecticut Financial Center is the tallest building in New Haven Connecticut and the sixth tallest building in the state. The 383 foot postmodern skyscraper was completed in 1990 and lies adjacent to New Haven City Hall in Downtown New Haven. Among the current tenants of the building are United Illuminating Bank of America Merrill Lynch the U.S. Attorney’s Office U.S. Bankruptcy Court and the Social Security Administration’s Office of Hearings and Appeals.
 Half Moon Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. Located off northwestern Bathurst Island the bay is on the east side of May Inlet. Other bays in the area include Purcell Bay Dampier Bay and Stuart Bay.
 Litosphingia minettii is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Malawi and Tanzania.The length of the forewings is 23.5-25 mm. The overall appearance is rough-scaled. The ground colour is pale grey. It is similar to Litosphingia corticea but the forewings are shorter and more rounded as are the hindwings.
 Adak (English: Sacrifice) is İzel's debut studio album. It was released in June 1995. The album mainly has a Pop folk sound. Most of the lyrics were written by Ercan Saatçi.
 Ultimate Best Of is the Telex's compilation of 22 songs released in 2009 by EMI.
 The Sign of the Ram is a 1948 American film noir directed by John Sturges and written by Charles Bennett based on a novel written by Margaret Ferguson. The drama features Susan Peters and Alexander Knox among others.
 One Snow Hill Plaza (also known as Kennedy Tower) is a highrise hotel in Birmingham England. It is 72 metres (236 ft) tall and was completed in 1973. In 2013 the building was renovated and became a 224 room hotel under the brand Holiday Inn Express.It receives the name Kennedy Tower from the mural dedicated to John F.
 iTunes Live from Montreal is a digital download-only album from Joseph Arthur released exclusively worldwide on iTunes on April 21 2009. The show was recorded at Joseph's solo in-store performance at the Apple Store in Montréal Canada on October 21 2008. Traditionally all of Joseph's live shows are recorded as a soundboard recording and then burned onto CD-R and sold at his shows.
 Walter Folger Brown (May 31 1869 – January 26 1961) was Postmaster General of the United States from March 5 1929 to March 4 1933 under Herbert Hoover's administration.
 Novio marido y amante (English: Boyfriend husband and lover) is a 1948 Argentine comedy film directed by Mario C. Lugones and based upon Louis Verneuil's novel Mademoiselle Ma Mere. It premiered on January 22 1948.The film centers on a young beautiful woman that was forced to marry with an elderly man but now it falls in love with his son.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Danbury (FCI Danbury) is a low-security United States federal prison for female inmates in Danbury Connecticut. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp that houses minimum-security female offenders.
 Antony and Cleopatra is a 1974 British videotaped television production of William Shakespeare's 1606 play of the same name produced by ATV (which was distributed internationally by ITC) starring Richard Johnson as Mark Antony Janet Suzman as Cleopatra and Patrick Stewart as Enobarbus. It was directed by Jon Scoffield and is an adaptation of Trevor Nunn's Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) production of the play.
 Chan Is Missing is a 1982 film directed by Wayne Wang which tells the story of two taxi drivers searching the streets of San Francisco's Chinatown for the man who ran off with their money. It stars Wood Moy Marc Hayashi and Laureen Chew.The movie was written by Isaac Cronin and Wayne Wang directed by Wang and dedicated to Wong Cheen (or Wong Ch'ien or Hwang Qian).
 Mt. Tabor Methodist Episcopal Church also known as Mt. Tabor United Methodist Church is an historic church located at 1421 St. Stephens Church Road in Crownsville Anne Arundel County Maryland. The wood frame building was constructed in 1893. It is rectangular in plan and features a bell tower projecting from the gable front. The bell tower was added between 1923 and 1929 by Henry and John Queen. Also on the property is the Mt. Tabor Good Samaritan Lodge No.
 Perumathur is a village in Perambalur district in state of Tamil Nadu India.
 A Little Hero is a 1913 American short comedy film featuring Mabel Normand and Harold Lloyd.
 William Robert Bob Holcomb (March 1 1922 – November 29 2010) was an American politician and attorney. Holcomb was the longest serving Mayor of San Bernardino California to date. He held office as San Bernardino's mayor from 1971 until 1985 and returned to office again from 1989 until 1993. Holcomb has been widely credited with preserving the independence of the San Bernardino Valley Municipal Water District and its local water supply.
 Too Much Fun! is the ninth studio album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders released on July 13 1999 through Rounder Records.
 Pizzo Cassandra is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 3226 metres.
 Love War is a 45 record released by Hardcore Punk band Death Piggy in 1983. It's known as Death Piggy's most popular record with the largest amount of recognizable songs and fan favorites.[citation needed] It made Jello Biafra's list of best Punk rock albums for 1983.[citation needed]
 Zothlifim Daily Newspaper is a Mizo language daily newspaper founded on April 1 2008 as a hard-copy of an online news website Khampat .COM published from Serchhip Town in the Mizoram State of Northeast India. Now it is claimed the most subscribed local newspaper in Serchhip District.Zothlifim is published edited and owned by Mr. C. Lalrochhuanga.
 Cosmosoma centralis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro São Paulo).
 Sviyazhsk (Russian: Свия́жск; Tatar: Зөя Zöyä) is a rural locality (a selo) in the Republic of Tatarstan Russia located at the confluence of the Volga and Sviyaga Rivers. It is often referred to as an island since the construction of the Kuybyshev Reservoir at Tolyatti downstream Volga in 1955 but it is in fact connected to the mainland by a road.Sviyazhsk was founded in 1551 as a fortress which was built within four weeks from parts made in Uglich and transported down the Volga.
 Balbir Punj (born 1949) is a journalist and columnist from India. He is a member of the Rajya Sabha representing the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). On 31 March 2013 he was promoted as one of the Vice Presidents of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
 Yella is a 2007 German film directed by Christian Petzold.
 Chyasmitar is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2167 persons living in 412 individual households.
 Hotel Splendid is the a 5-star hotel in Bečići Montenegro. The hotel was built and completely reconstructed between 2005 and 2006.
 San Isidro de Iruya is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Circus is a novel written by the Scottish author Alistair MacLean. It was first released in the United Kingdom by Collins in 1975 and later in the same year by Doubleday in the United States.
 Oamaruia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Neptunea hiberna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Pottepitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Elsie Tu GBM CBE (née Hume; Chinese: 杜葉錫恩; born 2 June 1913) is a social activist former elected member of the Urban Council of Hong Kong and former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. She moved to Hong Kong in 1951 following a period as a missionary in China. She became known for her strong antipathy towards colonialism and corruption as well as for her work for the underprivileged.
 Euminucia camerunica is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Cameroon.
 Thrust is a jazz-funk album by Herbie Hancock released in September 6 1974 on Columbia Records. It served as a follow-up to Hancock's album Head Hunters (1973) and achieved similar commercial success as the album reached as high as number 13 on the Billboard Hot 200 listing. The lineup for Thrust is the same as on Head Hunters except Mike Clark replaced Harvey Mason on drums.
 The Four-eyed Butterflyfish (Chaetodon capistratus) is a butterflyfish (family Chaetodontidae). It is alternatively called the Foureye Butterflyfish. This species is found in the Western Atlantic from Massachusetts USA and Bermuda to the West Indies and northern South America.Chaetodon capistratus is the type species of Chaetodon. If this genus is split up as some have proposed it will retain its present name like its closest relatives which include the Banded Butterflyfish (C.
 Qashqa Bolagh (Persian: قاشقابلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qāshqā Bolāgh) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 12 families.
 The Heat is Jesse Malin's second album self-produced by Malin and released on June 29 2004 in the United States.
 Voluntary Target is a 1984 compilation LP album by guitarist Leo Kottke. It includes all of Balance and Burnt Lips.
 Raavitsa (also known as Raavitse) is a village in Karula Parish Valga County in southeastern Estonia. It borders the town of Valga in the west Tartu–Valga railway in the northwest and Valga–Pechory railway in the south. Raavitsa has an unused station named Raavitse on Tartu–Valga line.The centre of Valga is 5 km away it's accessible via Tambre tee.Raavitsa has a population of 67 (as of 1 January 2004).
 The Singers And Harp Players Are Dumb is the debut album by Hwyl Nofio.
 Forbidden Fruit is a 1921 American drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. It is a remake of the 1915 film The Golden Chance which was also directed by DeMille. The film survives in prints at George Eastman House and the Library of Congress.
 Promethichthys prometheus the Roudi escolar is a species of snake mackerel native to the warm temperate and tropical waters of all the oceans where it occurs at depths of from 80 to 800 metres (260 to 2620 ft) (mostly between 300 to 400 metres (980 to 1310 ft)). This species grows to a length of 100 centimetres (39 in) SL though most do not exceed 40 centimetres (16 in) SL.
 Laila Peak in Hushe Valley near Gondogoro Glacier is in Karakoram range and is 6096 metres (20000 ft) high. It has a distinctive spear-like shape. Its northwest face has a slope of 45 degrees in more than 1500 vertical metres. It has been climbed by Simon Yates among others.
 Kura (Russian: Кура) is a river in Stavropol Krai Russia. The river is approximately 150 km long. It flows from North Caucasus and ends in Nogai steppe. Novopavlovsk a town of 23235 founded in 1777 is located on the left bank of the river.
 Skjern River (Danish: Skjern Å) is the largest river in Denmark in terms of volume. The river drains about one tenth of Denmark and discharges 206 m³/s (89100 ft³/s) of water into the Ringkøbing Fjord - a lagoon and former bay of the North Sea. The river has its name from town of Skjern located at the river delta (the only river delta in the country) at Ringkøbing Fjord.
 Bowling for Soup Goes to the Movies is a collection of Bowling for Soup's songs from movies and television their eighth studio album and their fourth album with Jive Records. It contains both covers and previously unreleased originals.
 Chriolepis is a genus of gobies native to the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the Americas.
 Rio Verde (Portuguese for green river) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Novactaea is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species:Novactaea bella Guinot 1976Novactaea michaelseni (Odhner 1925)Novactaea modesta (De Man 1888)Novactaea pulchella (A. Milne-Edwards 1865)↑
 The Son of Monte Cristo is a 1940 black-and-white film produced by Edward Small directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Louis Hayward Joan Bennett and George Sanders.
 Idle Roomers is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Benedict Fenwick School (or Sister Clara Muhammad School) is an historic school at 150 Magnolia Street in Boston Massachusetts.The school was built in 1912 by James E. McLaughlin and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Beautiful Ballads & Love Songs is Barry Manilow's 38th album release a compilation album featuring his greatest ballads and love songs.
 Ostrinia quadripunctalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Norway Germany the Czech Republic Austria Italy Slovakia Hungary the Republic of Macedonia Albania Ukraine and Russia.
 Roger Quarles Mills (March 30 1832 – September 2 1911) was a United States lawyer and politician. During the American Civil War he served as an officer in the Confederate States Army. Afterwards he served in the United States Congress first as a representative and later as a senator.
 The Sri Lankan Junglefowl (Gallus lafayetii) also known during the colonial era as the Ceylon Junglefowl is a member of the Galliformes bird order which is endemic to Sri Lanka where it is the national bird. It is closely related to the Red Junglefowl (G. gallus) the wild junglefowl from which the chicken was domesticated. The specific name of the Sri Lankan Junglefowl commemorates the French aristocrat Gilbert du Motier marquis de La Fayette.
 O gaúcho is a novel written by the Brazilian writer José de Alencar. It was first published in 1870.
 The Niles Depot Museum is located in the former passenger and freight depots located in the Niles District of Fremont California. The museum is operated by the Niles Depot Historical Foundation and features exhibits and artifacts about area railroads including the early Southern Pacific Railroad and Western Pacific Railroad as well as the current Union Pacific Railroad and Amtrak.
 En enda gång is a 1992 studio album from Kikki Danielsson & Roosarna. The tracks En enda gång Kvällens sista dans and Natt efter natt were tested for Svensktoppen but only En enda gång managed to enter the chart.
 Iso lo is a 1994 documentary film.
 Reform (1964–1983) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a racing career which lasted from April 1966 until October 1967 he won eleven of his fourteen races. As a two-year-old he was beaten on his debut but won his remaining six races and was rated among the best colts of his generation in Britain. Reform was never entered in the British Classic Races but proved himself to be an outstanding three-year-old in 1967 winning five of his seven starts.
 The Schoenhofen Pyramid Mausoleum is a tomb in Graceland Cemetery Chicago. It was designed by Chicago School architect Richard E. Schmidt as a family mausoleum for the Chicago brewer Peter Schoenhofen.
 The Neue Kirche (English: New Church; colloquially Deutscher Dom i.e. German Church) is located in Berlin on the Gendarmenmarkt across from French Church of Friedrichstadt (French Church). Its parish comprised the northern part of the then new quarter of Friedrichstadt which until then belonged to the parish of the congregations of Jerusalem's Church.
 The Temple of Olympian Zeus (or Olympeion; known in Italian as the Tempio di Giove Olimpico) in Agrigento Sicily was the largest Doric temple ever constructed although it was never completed and now lies in ruins. It stands in the Valle dei Templi with a number of other major Greek temples.
 The Biographer's Tale is a book by A. S. Byatt. The story is about a postgraduate student Phineas G. Nanson who decides to write a biography about an obscure biographer Scholes Destry-Scholes. During the course of his research he fails to learn much about the actual subject of his biography but discovers a lot of Destry-Scholes' unpublished research about real historical figures Carl Linnaeus Francis Galton and Henrik Ibsen.
 The Imperial 3(डी इम्पिरियल 3 in Marathi) is an approved 400 metres (1312 ft) 116 floors Supertall residential skyscraper in Mumbai India. The towers are located at the sea front in Tardeo South Mumbai. Construction will start from 2014 and the towers will inaugurated in 2017.
 Allen Trovillion (born May 1 1926) is a retired American politician. Trovillion previously served as a Representative in the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida. He currently lives in Winter Park Florida with his family.[1]
 Natica acynonyx is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Euriphene rectangula is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found from Cameroon to the Democratic Republic of Congo (Moyen Congo).
 Tate Liverpool is an art gallery and museum in Liverpool Merseyside England and part of Tate along with Tate St Ives Cornwall Tate Britain London and Tate Modern London. The museum was an initiative of the Merseyside Development Corporation. Tate Liverpool was created to display work from the Tate Collection which comprises the national collection of British art from the year 1500 to the present day and international modern art.
 Tadavan (Persian: تادوان‎ also Romanized as Tādavān; also known as Mādavān Mādevān and Taduwān) is a village in Rahgan Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1007 in 280 families.
 Bruach na Frìthe is one of the principal summits on the Black Cuillin ridge. Like the rest of the range it is composed of gabbro a rock with excellent grip for mountaineering. The Bruach cannot be seen in the popular view from Sligachan - the right hand peak which is often mistaken for it is the lower Sgurr a' Bhasteir.This is one of the easiest and probably the most ascended of the main Black Cuillin peaks requiring no scrambling ability.
 Mutyala Muggu is a 1975 Telugu drama film adaptation of Uttara Ramayana from the writer-director duo of Ramana and Bapu. The film stars Sreedhar Sangeeta Rao Gopal Rao Mukkamala Allu Ramalingaiah and Nutan Prasad. The movie introduced Sangeeta and Rao to the Telugu screen. The movie revolves around the nuances of a husband and wife.Mandolin composition of about 15-minutes by Sajjad Hussain was used in this film.
 Mr. Vampire II also known as Mr. Vampire Part 2 is a 1986 Hong Kong comedy horror film directed by Ricky Lau starring Lam Ching Ying and produced by Sammo Hung. The film is the second of a series of five films directed by Ricky Lau in the Mr. Vampire franchise. Mr. Vampire and its sequels were released as part of the jiangshi cinematic boom in Hong Kong during the 1980s. The Chinese title of the film literally translates to Vampire Family.
 Bakaludun-e Shabliz (Persian: بكلودون شبليز‎ also Romanized as Bakalūdūn-e Shablīz; also known as Balkehdūn) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 7 families.
 Thirteenth Assembly of Tamil Nadu was instituted after the victory of DMK and allies in the 2006 state assembly election. M. Karunanidhi became the 14th Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu due to the election.
 The Fowlersville Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located in North Centre Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is a 40-foot-long (12 m) Queen Post Truss bridge with board-and-batten siding constructed in 1886. It originally crossed the West Branch Briar Creek. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Bellows Falls is an incorporated village located in the town of Rockingham in Windham County Vermont United States. The population was 3165 at the 2000 census. Bellows Falls is home to the Green Mountain Railroad a heritage railroad and to the annual Roots on the River Festival.
 La Vallée is a 1972 French film written and directed by Barbet Schroeder. The film stars Bulle Ogier as Viviane a woman who goes on a strange and accidental voyage of self-discovery through the New Guinea bush. Pink Floyd recorded an album Obscured by Clouds as the soundtrack to the film. After recording had finished the band fell out with the film company prompting them to release the soundtrack album as Obscured by Clouds rather than La Vallée.
 1 New York Place was a supertall skyscraper that was proposed in 2002 to rise 1050 feet (320 m) tall and have 90 floors. The tower was supposed to be located in New York City's financial district at Broadway and Fulton Street but the project was canceled.The tower was designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox and projected to cost USD $680 million. It would have had 1.3 million square feet (121000 square meter) of floor space.
 Kelsborrow Castle is an Iron Age hill fort. Hill forts were fortified hill-top settlements constructed across Britain during the Iron Age. It is one of only seven hill forts in the county of Cheshire in northern England and was probably in use for only a short time. In the 19th century a bronze palstave was recovered from the site. It is protected as a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
 The Nelansa River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Varan the Unbelievable released in Japan as Giant Monster Varan (大怪獣バラン Daikaijū Baran) is a 1958 Kaiju film directed by Ishirō Honda (drama) and Eiji Tsuburaya (special effects) and their last black-and-white monster film. The title character Varan is one of Toho Studios' least-famed creations. Although shown in Japanese-language theaters in the USA the film saw general U.S.
 Here Without Me is an Iranian drama film directed by Bahram Tavakoli produced in 2010 and screened in 2011.The story is about a family of three dreaming about their wishes and was inspired by the play The Glass Menagerie written by Tennessee Williams. Fatemeh Motamed-Arya won the best actress award in the 35th Montreal World Film Festival (WFF) for this film.
 The Gospel of Corax is a 1996 novel by Paul Park about an escaped Roman slave (Corax) who travels from Caesarea to India with a burly Essene man named Jeshua.The novel is a suggestion of a historical Jesus' whereabouts during his disappearance from the historical record between childhood and his thirties.
 Live Transmissions From Uranus!! is a full-length album released by the surf rock group Man or Astro-man?. It was recorded live at the Covered Dish in Gainesville Florida on November 19 1994. It was available on CD and on standard black vinyl through Homo Habilis records. It was also released on CD and as a limited 12 picture disc through One Louder records in the UK. It was later reissued through the Chicago-based label Touch and Go Records.
 We Won't Grow Old Together (French: Nous ne vieillirons pas ensemble) is a 1972 French drama film directed by Maurice Pialat. It was entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival where Jean Yanne won the award for Best Actor.
 Kışlak is a village in the District of Gercüş Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 37 people.
 William H. Bill Briare (July 13 1930 – December 8 2006) was an American politician. He was the former mayor of Las Vegas from 1975 to 1987. Briare was a member of the Democratic Party.
 Three Colors: White (French: Trois couleurs: Blanc) is a 1994 French-Polish comedy-drama art film co-written produced and directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski. White is the second in The Three Colors Trilogy themed on the French Revolutionary ideals following Blue and preceding Red.Starting in Paris the film depicts Karol Karol a shy man who after being left by his wife in humiliating circumstances loses his money his residency and his friends.
 Mathew Vincent Perera (21 September 1918 - ) was a Sri Lankan statesman. He served in multiple cabinet positions and government posts. Perera was also Mayor of Colombo twice.Perera was one the wounded in the 1987 grenade attack in the Sri Lankan Parliament.
 The Gambler is a 1974 feature film starring James Caan Lauren Hutton and Paul Sorvino.The film is loosely based on the short novel The Gambler by Fyodor Dostoyevsky and was filmed at a time when leading actor James Caan was battling his own addiction to cocaine. Caan was nominated for a Golden Globe for his performance.
 Shurjeh (Persian: شورجه‎ also Romanized as Shūrjeh) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hujqan (Persian: هوجقان‎ also Romanized as Hūjqān; also known as Howchqān and Hūchqān) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1913 in 515 families.
 STOCKYARD was an American online cultural magazine that focused on society art and literature; it published fiction poetry social commentary political commentary satire reportage and reviews. Started in 2008 it matured into a publication relevant to its Chicagoan and international audience.
 Lalain (Persian: لالائين‎ also Romanized as Lālā’īn; also known as Īralaīn and Lālān) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 403 in 100 families.
 Holy Corners Historic District so named because of its concentration of early 20th-century churches temples and other large buildings of public assembly is located on both sides of North Kingshighway Boulevard between and including Westminster Place and Washington Avenue in St. Louis Missouri. On December 29 1975 the district was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Live at Knebworth also known as Live Summer 2003 with different cover text is a live album by English pop singer Robbie Williams recorded and released in 2003. The album is his first live album and is a compilation of songs performed during three consecutive shows at Knebworth England.The three shows attracted a total of 375000 fans. It is the second the fastest and biggest selling live album ever in the United Kingdom behind William's former band Take That's live album The Greatest Day.
 Richard Blumenthal (born February 13 1946) is the senior United States Senator from Connecticut and a member of the Democratic Party. Previously he served as Attorney General of Connecticut.Born in Brooklyn New York Blumenthal is a graduate of Harvard College where he was editorial chairman of The Harvard Crimson. He studied for a year at Trinity College Cambridge in England before attending Yale Law School where he was editor-in-chief of the Yale Law Journal.
 Manizan (Persian: مانيزان‎ also Romanized as Mānīzān) is a village in Enaj Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1265 in 331 families.
 The Port Tobacco River is a tidal tributary of the Potomac River located in Charles County Maryland in the United States. The river is approximately 4.2 miles (6.8 km) in length. Port Tobacco the county seat of Charles County from 1658 to 1895 was an active port until that portion of the river became silted and unnavigable. When the railroad bypassed the town business declined and the county seat was moved to La Plata.
 Pyotr Ananyevich Krasikov (Russian: Петр Ананьевич Красиков) (5 October 1870 – 20 August 1939) was a functionary of the All-Union Communist Party (bolsheviks) and the Soviet Union. He was the first Procurator General of the Soviet Union.Pyotr Krasikov was involved in revolutionary politics since 1892 when he joined the Emancipation of Labour group. Later he joined the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party.
 Itaparaná River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 South Holston Lake is located near the cities of Abingdon Virginia and Bristol Virginia / Bristol Tennessee and is a 7580-acre (31 km2) impoundment operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA). Much of the reservoir is in Tennessee but the Virginia portion of the reservoir offers anglers more than 1600 acres (6 km2) of water.
 Rhipidarctia saturata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1957. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Lubbock (On Everything) is a 1979 double album by Texas singer songwriter and piano player Terry Allen released on Fate Records. It was reissued on compact disc in 1995 by Sugar Hill Records. It was recorded in 1978 at Caldwell Studios in Lubbock Texas and was engineered and mastered by Don Caldwell and Lloyd Maines who also played pedal steel and other instruments on the record. Amarillo Highway was later covered by Robert Earl Keen and Truckload Of Art by Cracker.
 Akuto (悪党 Akutō literally bad man) is a 1965 Japanese film directed by Kaneto Shindo starring Kyoko Kishida. It is based on a story by Jun'ichirō Tanizaki.
 Bud Sweat and Beers is the debut studio album released by English rapper Devlin via Island Records and the Universal Music Group. The album was released on 29 October 2010 via digital download and 1 November 2010 physically. The album was produced by Labrinth Kraze Lewi White Futurecut and Naughty Boy. Featured guests on the album include Awa Manneh Hikaru Utada Labrinth Emeli Sandé Yasmin Dogzilla and Ghetts.
 Orany (Ukrainian: Орани) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Grunwald [ˈɡrunvalt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Aleksandrów Łódzki 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Zgierz and 14 km (9 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 60.
 229 West 43rd Street formerly known as The New York Times Building is an American 18-story (267 feet; 81 metres) office building located at 229 West 43rd Street in the Times Square neighborhood of the Manhattan borough of New York City New York. It was the headquarters of The New York Times newspaper from 1913 through 2007.
 Sierbowice [ɕɛrbɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilica within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Pilica 17 km (11 mi) east of Zawiercie and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Faces of Death IV is the final real sequel to Faces of Death in that it is the last sequel to include any original footage. It was directed by John Alan Schwartz (again as Conan le Cilaire) Susumu Saegusa and Andrew Theopolis. John Alan Schwartz's brother James B. Schwartz is credited as writer.
 Elattoneura frenulata is a damselfly species in the family Protoneuridae. It is commonly known as the sooty threadtail. Elattoneura frenulata is called the sooty threadtail because it is very dark in color.This species can be found in some of the countries in Africa
 Zela is a genus of grass skippers.
 Zavosht (Persian: زاوشت‎ also Romanized as Zāvosht) is a village in Benajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Bonab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3802 in 936 families.
 The Adams River is a tributary of the Fraser River in British Columbia Canada. Beginning in the Monashee Mountains to the north the Upper Adams River flows mainly southward and eventually reaches Adams Lake. The Lower Adams River begins at the southern end of the lake and flows into the extreme western end of Shuswap Lake. The river is one of the most important sockeye salmon breeding areas in North America.
 Euxesta spoliata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Donald Milford Payne (July 16 1934 – March 6 2012) was an American politician who was the U.S. Representative for New Jersey's 10th congressional district from 1989 to 2012. He was a member of the Democratic Party. The district encompasses most of the city of Newark parts of Jersey City and Elizabeth and some suburban communities in Essex and Union counties. He was the first African American to represent New Jersey in Congress.
 Sahibzada Farooq Ali (born September 5 1931) was the ninth Speaker of National Assembly of Pakistan. He was elected from the city of Multan. He belonged to Toor Tribe and was originally from the Wayanwali village[citation needed] near Ghakhar Mandi Teh Wazirabad.
 Norms of Liberty: A Perfectionist Basis for Non-Perfectionist Politics is political philosophy book written by Douglas B. Rasmussen and Douglas J. Den Uyl.
 The smoky pocket gopher (Cratogeomys fumosus) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae. It is endemic to Mexico (Querétaro). Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland. Molecular phylogenetics has revealed that this species also includes the animals formerly separated as C. gymnurus C. neglectus C. tylorhinus and C. zinseri.
 Choreutis semicincta is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1921. It is found on Java.
 Middle Lake is a lake of Richmond County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Long-whiskered Owlet (Xenoglaux loweryi) is a tiny owl that is endemic to a small area in the Andean mountains in Amazonas and San Martín in northern Peru. It is restricted to cloud forests with dense undergrowth and epiphytes at about 1890–2200 meters (6200–7220 ft) above sea level.The Long-whiskered Owlet is mainly brown with a whitish belly and eyebrow. The large eyes are orange-brown.
 Professor Stuart N. McCutcheon BAgrSc(Hons) PhD Massey is the current Vice-Chancellor of The University of Auckland New Zealand's leading University. Prior to this engagement Professor McCutcheon held the positions of Vice-Chancellor at Victoria University of Wellington and Deputy Vice-Chancellor and Assistant Vice-Chancellor (Research) at Massey University.
 At 3770 metres (12370 ft) the Kleinglockner is the third highest mountain in Austria. However with a prominence of only 17 metres it is arguable whether it can be counted as an independent mountain or just as a subpeak of the Großglockner. It lies in the Glockner Group of Austria's Central Alps the middle section of the Hohe Tauern.
 Do Ustad is a Hindi film made in 1959 directed by Tara Harish with Raj Kapoor and Madhubala in the lead roles.
 Fame is the Spur is a 1947 British drama film directed by Roy Boulting. It stars Michael Redgrave Rosamund John Bernard Miles David Tomlinson Maurice Denham and Kenneth Griffith. Its plot involves a British politician who rises to power abandoning on the way his radical views for more conservative ones. It is based on the novel Fame is the Spur by Howard Spring which was believed to be based on the career of the Labour Party politician Ramsay MacDonald.
 The Millennial Harbinger was a religious magazine established by the early Restoration Movement leader Alexander Campbell in 1830. Campbell viewed the magazine as an important vehicle for promoting the religious reforms that he believed would help usher in the millennium.
 The Cocksfoot Moth (Glyphipterix simpliciella) is a species of moth of the Glyphipterigidae family. It is found in the western part of the Palaearctic ecozone and is common in much of Britain and Ireland.The wingspan is 6–9 mm. Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae feed on the seeds of Dactylis glomerata and Festuca arundinacea and later pupate in the stem.
 The Christian Science Monitor (CSM) is an international news organization that delivers global coverage via its website weekly magazine daily news briefing email newsletters Amazon Kindle subscription and mobile site. It was started in 1908 by Mary Baker Eddy the founder of the Church of Christ Scientist. As of 2011 the print circulation was 75052.The CSM is a newspaper that covers international and United States current events.
 Sinhasani is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3520 persons living in 589 individual households.
 Another City Another Sorry is the debut studio album by Manchester band The Answering Machine. It was released on 15 June 2009 in the United Kingdom on Heist or Hit Records.
 Dingucha village is located 12 km from Kalol District - Gandhinagar State-Gujarat India.
 The Maori River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows from several sources in the Mataketake Range east of Haast passing through the small Tawharekiri Lakes before becoming a tributary of the Waita River which flows into the Tasman Sea 15 kilometres north of Haast.
 Górki Wielkie [ˈɡurki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in Gmina Brenna Cieszyn County Silesian Voivodeship southern Poland. It has a population of 3554 (2008). It lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.The village was first mentioned in a Latin document of Diocese of Wrocław called Liber fundationis episcopatus Vratislaviensis from around 1305 as Gorki villa vlodari. It was written in an atypical form and suggests that a village was much older.
 Jatynka [jaˈtɨnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Bobolice 33 km (21 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 138 km (86 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Fierce Creatures is a 1997 farcical comedy film. While not a direct sequel Fierce Creatures is something of a spiritual successor to the 1988 film A Fish Called Wanda. Both films star John Cleese Jamie Lee Curtis Kevin Kline and Michael Palin. Fierce Creatures was written by John Cleese and directed by Fred Schepisi and Robert Young.The film was dedicated to Gerald Durrell and Peter Cook. Some scenes were filmed at Jersey Zoo a zoological park founded by Durrell.
 Phyllonorycter olympica is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from central Greece.The larvae feed on Quercus coccifera. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface tentiform mine with one strong fold. Most frass is located alongside the cocoon. The roof of the mine is completely eaten out.
 Wildwood Flower is the last album from June Carter Cash. It was released in 2003 on the Dualtone record label. It was produced by John Carter Cash.
 Bholi Lutaran is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Dark Tide: Onslaught (also released as Dark Tide I: Onslaught) is the first novel in a two-part story by Michael A. Stackpole. Published and released in 2000 it is the second installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars universe.
 Guillaume Amyot (December 9 1842 – March 30 1896) was a Canadian politician editor and lawyer. He was a Member of the Canadian House of Commons for the riding of Bellechasse Quebec representing the historical Conservative Party.
 The Africa Bible Commentary is a one-volume commentary on all the books of the Bible developed in Africa by African scholars. The aim of the Africa Bible Commentary is to relate the Bible to African realities of today. Along with commentary on the Bible there are 70 articles on issues such as HIV/AIDs that are affecting African churches and individuals. (See ACwiki for more details.)Tokunboh Adeyemo was the general editor.
 St Mary's Church Preston is in St Mary's Street Preston Lancashire England. It is a redundant Anglican parish church and was converted into a conservation centre in 2006. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Chumaran (Persian: چومران‎ also Romanized as Chūmarān; also known as Chūmsarān) is a village in Bastam Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 15 families.
 Pimestiku is a village in Vaivara Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 The Kingfisher Caper is a 1975 South African film directed by Dirk DeVilliers. It stars Hayley Mills David McCallum Jon Cypher Volente Bertotti and Barry Trengove.
 Preview is the second EP by Australian singer-songwriter Kym Campbell. Campbell toured in support of Preview across Australia and Japan in 2010. Campbell's release of Preview drew the attention of Japanese label Pony Canyon leading to the release of Campbell's first full length album Real Life in 2011.
 Richard Reichel was an Ohio politician in the 1960s through the 1970s. Reichel was appointed in 1973 to serve as the Senator from the 29th District after Ralph Regula won a seat in the United States House of Representatives. He served from 1973 to 1974 when he and was succeeded by
 John Warren Cooke (February 28 1915 – November 28 2009) was an American politician and newspaper publisher. A Democrat he served in the Virginia House of Delegates 1942–1980 and was its Speaker from 1968 until his retirement.
 The Journal of Environmental Assessment Policy and Management (JEAPM) is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed journal covering policy and decision-making relating to environmental assessment with the aim of exploring the horizontal interactions between assessment and aspects of environmental management ...
 The Loyal is Tiger Lou's second album featuring dark melancholic and electric sounds.
 Muftah Anaqrat was a general for the forces of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi during the 2011 Libyan civil war before their defeat and Gaddafi's death in Sirte. Anaqrat was killed in the First Battle of Zawiya in March 2011 as loyalists retook the city. It was claimed that a colonel Mohamed Gayth was killed alongside him.
 St. Mark’s Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at 175 St. Marks Church Road in Perryville Cecil County Maryland and the parish church for Susquehanna Parish in the Diocese of Maryland. There are several 19th century burials in its cemetery including that of Maryland congressman George Gale
 Nikolai Ivanovich Bukharin (Russian: Никола́й Ива́нович Буха́рин; 9 October [O.S. 27 September] 1888 – 15 March 1938) was a Russian Bolshevik revolutionary Soviet politician and prolific author on revolutionary theory. As a young man he spent six years in exile working closely with fellow-exiles Lenin and Trotsky.
 Parque Explora is an interactive science museum in Medellín Colombia loosely modeled after San Francisco's Exploratorium. It houses South America's largest freshwater aquarium Explora Aquarium. The museum also contains a 3D auditorium planetarium television studio and vivarium among other attractions.
 The Journal of Ethnopharmacology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the traditional medicinal use of plants and other substances. It is the official journal of the International Society for Ethnopharmacology.
 The Summertime Killer (also known as Target Removed) is a 1973 crime film directed by Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi and starring Olivia Hussey.
 Biclonuncaria juanita is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Tamaulipas).
 The Blana River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The Village at Shirlington opened as Shirlington Shopping Center in 1944 and was the first large shopping center to open in the Washington D.C. suburbs and one of the earliest in the United States. It is located along Campbell Avenue (formerly South 28th Street) at the intersection of Shirley Highway and Quaker Lane / Shirlington Road in Arlington Virginia. The center has been known since the mid-1980s as The Village at Shirlington.
 Morgunblaðið (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈmɔrkʏnˌplaðɪð] The Morning Paper) is a newspaper published in Iceland founded by Vilhjálmur Finsen & Olaf Björnsson brother to the first president. The first issue only eight pages long was published on 2 November 1913. Six years later in 1919 the corporation Árvakur bought out the company.
 Arjak (Persian: ارجك‎ also Romanized as Erjak) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 6 families.
 Life Begins at Forty is a 1935 black-and-white film starring Will Rogers and Richard Cromwell. It is based on the non-fiction self-help book Life Begins at 40 by Walter B. Pitkin.
 Chrysochloroma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Neomordellistena ivoirensis is a beetle in the Neomordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1968 by Ermisch.
 Çukurören is a village in the District of Gölpazarı Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 24 people.
 Pereute callinira is a butterfly of the Pieridae family.
 Mary’s Pond also known as Marys Pond is an 81-acre (330000 m2) pond in Rochester Massachusetts. The pond is located east of Leonards Pond. The average depth is 12 feet (3.7 m) and the maximum depth is 32 feet (9.8 m). The outflow is a stream that leads to the Sippican River. Rochester’s town beach is located on the northwestern shore of the pond along Mary’s Pond Road. Car top boats and canoes can be launched from the town beach.
 Anbardan (Persian: انباردان‎ also Romanized as Anbārdān) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Elephant is a 1964 science book by L. Sprague de Camp published by Pyramid Books as part of The Worlds of Science series.The book treats its subject comprehensively covering elephants in captivity and the wild their use in ancient warfare modern conflicts between elephants and farmers and preservation efforts among other topics.
 Desperate Poaching Affray (known in the United States as The Poachers) is a 1903 British chase film by William Haggar. Three minutes long the film is recognised as an early influence on narrative drama in American film especially in chase genre. The film used a number of innovative techniques including on location shooting panning shots and clever use of screen edges.
 Clathrina retiformis is a species of the genus Clathrina.
 The History of North Dakota is a book written by Elwyn B. Robinson covering the history of the U.S. state of North Dakota. The book's coverage spans from several thousand years ago at the time when Native Americans first settled the area that would become present-day North Dakota up through the 20th Century.
 Numerische Mathematik is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal on numerical analysis. It was established in 1959 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH. Its 2009 MCQ was 1.06 and its 2010 impact factor was 1.388.
 HMP Isle of Wight - Camp Hill Barracks is a former Category C men's prison located on the outskirts of Newport Isle of Wight. The former prison lies adjacent to Albany and Parkhurst both part of HMP Isle of Wight.
 Woman in the Moon (German Frau im Mond) is a science fiction silent film that premiered 15 October 1929. It is often considered to be one of the first serious science fiction films. It was written and directed by Fritz Lang based on the novel Die Frau im Mond (1928 translated as The Woman to the Moon in 1930) by his then-wife and collaborator Thea von Harbou. It was released in the USA as By Rocket to the Moon and in the UK as Woman in the Moon.
 The Solonț River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
 The Forgotten Enemy is a short story by Arthur C. Clarke that appeared in the science fiction magazine New Worlds in August 1949. It was included in Clarke's collection of science fiction short stories Reach for Tomorrow in 1956. It shows a London professor lonely holding out in his native city that has been evacuated due to an upcoming ice age.
 Sir David Geoffrey Manning GCMG CVO (born 5 December 1949) is a former British diplomat who was the British Ambassador to the United States from 2003 to 2007. He authored the so-called Manning Memo summarising the details of a January 2003 meeting between American president George W. Bush and British prime minister Tony Blair during the run-up to the invasion of Iraq. He has since been appointed to the Household of TRH The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry.
 Chmielno [ˈxmjɛlnɔ] is a village in Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship Kashubia in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Chmielno. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kartuzy and 35 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Kashubian ceramics from Chmielno is characterised by the motifs of the Kashubian star fish-scales tulips lilies wreaths lilac branches all complemented by wavy lines and dots.
 The Red Thread is the fifth solo album by New York singer-songwriter Lucy Kaplansky released in 2004.
 The Dargo River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the Alpine and East Gippsland regions of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Untold Tales of Spider-Man is an American comic book series starring Spider-Man published by Marvel Comics for 26 issues (#1-25 and a -1 issue between #s 22 and 23) from September 1995 to October 1997.The comic was part of an experiment for Marvel where they published a number of new titles for only 99 cents in the hope that they would attract new young readers who might have been put off by the then US$1.50/1.95 standard prices for comic books.
 Forbidden is a 1984 drama film directed by Anthony Page and starring Jacqueline Bisset Jürgen Prochnow and Irene Worth. The plot is loosely based on a true story originally told in the non-fiction book The Last Jews in Berlin by Leonard Gross about a countess who hides her Jewish boyfriend in her apartment in World War II. It was a co-production between Britain West Germany and the United States. It was broadcast on television in America but released in cinemas in other countries.
 Analecta Hibernica is the official academic journal of the Irish Manuscripts Commission carrying reports on the commission's work and publishing shorter manuscripts. It was established in 1930 and is edited by James Kelly.
 The Plăișoru River is a tributary of the Cernatu River in Romania.
 Phaedra 2005 is an album by Tangerine Dream a re-recording of their 1974 album Phaedra.
 Far Away in Time was a 1987 CD compilation of tracks by Martha and the Muffins.
 The Woonsocket Civil War Monument is an historic site at Monument Square in Woonsocket Rhode Island.Built in 1868 by James G. Batterson this Civil War memorial was the first Civil War monument constructed in Rhode Island. The monument contains the names of the battles in which Woonsocket soldiers fought. The monument was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Drift Reservoir is a reservoir in Cornwall England UK just north of Drift village southwest of Penzance. The reservoir is approximately a mile (1.6 km) long and covers 65 acres. It has a large dam at its southern end and at the northern end splits into a northwestern and a northeastern arm. It is currently operated by South West Water.
 Hyenas: a Hap and Leonard Novella is a novella written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It is the tenth book in the Hap and Leonard series of works by Mr. Lansdale.
 Big Bird in Japan was a 1989 special by the Children's Television Workshop (now Sesame Workshop) that aired on PBS January 16 1989. The special was based on the popular television series Sesame Street. The program was also produced with the help of NHK.
 Erikssonia acraeina is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was long thought to be monotypic within the genus Erikssonia.
 Caspar Willard Cap Weinberger GBE (August 18 1917 – March 28 2006) was an American politician and businessman. As a prominent Republican he served in a variety of prominent state and federal positions for three decades including Chairman of the California Republican Party 1962-68.
 Asterix and the Big Fight is a 1989 animated movie directed by Philippe Grimond as a French-German co-production which was produced by Yannick Piel as Astérix et le coup du menhir. It is based on the Asterix comic book series. The movie has a different plot from the book of the same name. It combines plot elements from Asterix and the Big Fight and Asterix and the Soothsayer.
 The River Ainse (or Eyn) is a small river in the county of Norfolk. It is a tributary of the River Wensum which it merges with at Lenwade. The River Ainse has several tributaries also.
 Glyphipterix oxytricha is a moth in the Glyphipterigidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Typhlogarra widdowsoni the Iraq blind barb is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Iraq where it is found in caves. It is the only species in its genus.
 Reszki [ˈrɛʂki] (German: Röschken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Ostróda and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Search and Destroy is a 1995 drama film based on a stage play by Howard Korder and directed by David Salle. The film stars Griffin Dunne repeating his role from the stage production Rosanna Arquette Illeana Douglas Ethan Hawke Dennis Hopper John Turturro and Christopher Walken and features Martin Scorsese as The Accountant. Salle was nominated for the Grand Special Prize at the Deauville American Film Festival.
 Armstrong Chapel United Methodist Church is a historic church in the city of Indian Hill Ohio United States. Built in 1831 it is a small rectangular building with a prominent front tower. No longer the home of a functioning congregation it has been designated a historic site.Nathanial and Hannah Armstrong formerly residents of Virginia arrived in southwestern Ohio in 1800; they soon built a log cabin and gristmill on their land and began farming.
 Opera House is a 1961 Hindi film produced by A.A. Nadiadwala and directed by P.L. Santoshi. It is a murder mystery film. The film stars Ajit B. Saroja Devi K.N. Singh and Lalita Pawar among others.
 Good Samaritan Hospital the oldest and largest private teaching and specialty health care facility in Cincinnati Ohio United States was opened in 1852 under the sponsorship of the Sisters of Charity. The hospital is member of TriHealth a joint operating agreement between Catholic Health Initiatives and Bethesda Inc. Cincinnati to manage Good Samaritan.
 Lake St. Clair (French: Lac Sainte-Claire) is a fresh-water lake that lies between the Canadian province of Ontario and the U.S. state of Michigan. It was named after the Clare of Assisi on whose feast day it was discovered by European explorers. It is part of the Great Lakes system and along with the St. Clair River and Detroit River Lake St. Clair connects Lake Huron (to its north) with Lake Erie (to its south).
 The Hidden Reality is a book by Brian Greene published in 2011 which explores the concept of the multiverse and the possibility of parallel universes. It has been nominated for the Royal Society Winton Prize for Science Books for 2012.
 Sadek [ˈsadɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jodłownik within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Jodłownik 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Limanowa and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Whispers Under Ground is the third novel in the Rivers of London series by English author Ben Aaronovitch published 2012 by Gollancz.
 The Tome School is a private school located in North East in Cecil County in Maryland USA and is one of the oldest schools in the state of Maryland.
 The Brown Longtail (Urbanus procne) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Argentina north through Central America and Mexico to southern Texas. Rare strays can be found up to southern New Mexico southern Arizona and southern California.The wingspan is 37–48 mm. There are tree generations per year in southern Texas.The larvae feed on various grasses including Cynodon dactylon and Sorghum halepense.
 Qur al Rikibi is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Eurylomia similliforma is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Blackett Creek is a river in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It starts at Blackett Lake at an elevation of 325 metres (1066 ft) and travels 8.5 kilometres (5.3 mi) to its mouth at the Whitesand River at an elevation of 313 metres (1027 ft).
 Stara Zbelutka [ˈstara zbɛˈlutka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Łagów and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 487.
 Brzeg [bʐɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczyca within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Rzeczyca 27 km (17 mi) east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Williwaw is the debut novel of Gore Vidal written when he was just 19 years old and first mate of a U.S. Army supply ship stationed in the Aleutian Islands. The story combines war drama maritime adventure and a murder plot. The book was first published in 1946 in the United States by E.P. Dutton. Williwaw is the term widely thought to be Native American in origin for a sudden violent katabatic wind common to the Aleutian Islands.
 Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death) is the fourth studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson released in November 2000 by Nothing and Interscope Records. The album marked a return to the industrial and alternative metal styles of the band's earlier efforts after the modernized glam rock of Mechanical Animals.
 The Lăpușna Mică River is a headwater of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 Paramartyria jinggangana is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae. It was described by Yang in 1980. It is known from Mount Jinggangshan in Jiangxi.
 Mont de Gébroulaz is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3511 metres above sea level.
 Mačvanski Metković is a village in the municipality of Bogatić Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1244 people.
 Rocked: Sum 41 in Congo is a 2005 film documentary directed by Adrian Callender describing the experiences of Sum 41 as they take a break from the music to join War Child Canada in traveling to the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) for a look at the African country where the rage of war has held a population in fear since 1998.Before being caught in the middle of a battle between rebel soldiers and government troops band members Deryck Steve Cone and Dave meet with Congolese children to whom death had become a way of life.Rocked is an unscripted account of an African country in turmoil as seen through the eyes of rock band Sum 41. 
 New Writings in SF 7 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the seventh volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one.
 The Outlaw and His Wife (Swedish: Berg-Ejvind och hans hustru) is a 1918 Swedish silent film directed by Victor Sjöström based on a play from 1911 by Jóhann Sigurjónsson. It tells the story of Eyvind of the Hills an 18th-century Icelandic outlaw.The film was groundbreaking for its portrayal of wild nature. It was shot in two sessions in the spring and late summer 1917 with Åre and Abisko in northern Sweden acting as the highlands of Iceland.
 Dr Christopher Karl Chris Davis (born 13 October 1953) is an Australian Liberal National politician who is the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Stafford having defeated Stirling Hinchliffe at the 2012 state election. He was appointed Assistant Minister for Health on 3 April 2012.Prior to entering parliament Dr Davis worked as the Director of Geriatric Medicine at The Prince Charles Hospital.
 Shahruni (Persian: شهروني‎ also Romanized as Shahrūnī; also known as Shahrūn) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Stork Club is a 1945 American film directed by Hal Walker.
 A Heartbeat Away is a 2011 Australian musical comedy film about a marching band in a small town.
 Eccentric sand dollar (Dendraster excentricus) also known as the sea-cake biscuit-urchin western sand dollar or Pacific sand dollar is a member of the order Clypeasteroida better known as sand dollars a species of flattened burrowing sea urchins found in the northeast Pacific Ocean from Alaska to Baja California.
 Bird Watching (ISSN 0269-1434) is a British four-weekly (13 issues per year) magazine for birdwatchers established in March 1986.
 Thubana albisignis is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Mniszek [ˈmniʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościeradów within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Gościeradów 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Kraśnik and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Nearly Married is a 1917 American silent comedy film directed by Chester Withey and starring Madge Kennedy. It is based on a 1913 stage play of the same name by Edgar Selwyn. The film also featured an early film appearance by future gossip columnist Hedda Hopper.The Library of Congress's new(Dec. 2013) American Silent Feature Film Survival Database has this film listed as being complete in their collection.
 Snoop Dogg's Hustlaz: Diary of a Pimp is a mixed hardcore pornography and hip hop music video featuring the music of rapper Snoop Dogg produced by Hustler Video. The video was also directed co-produced and presented by Snoop although he does not feature in any sex scenes. In the films credits Snoop is listed under the moniker Snoop Scorsese.
 Fancypants is a 2011 film directed by Joshua Russell and starring Patrick Gleason Roddy Piper and Robert Carradine. Featuring Nick Turturro Richard Kind and introducing Jackson Dunn.It is a comedy/drama about a professional wrestler who is afraid of conflict in real life. He is nearing the end of his career and finds out he has one fan left in an 8-year old boy who hides a secret that will change Leo's life forever.
 Stan Darling (July 16 1911 – April 11 2004) was a Canadian politician.
 Kedar Gouri(1954) (Oriya: କେଦାର ଗୌରି) is an Ollywood / Oriya film directed by Nitai Palit
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Drużbice 7 km (4 mi) north of Bełchatów and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 40.
 Jordan Landing is a master-planned development located in the center of West Jordan Utah adjacent to South Valley Regional Airport. Its 500 acre (2 km²) size containing 1400000 square feet (130000 m2) of retail space 1200 residential units and 1500000 square feet (140000 m2) of office space places it as a focal point of West Jordan's booming economy.It is one of the largest mixed-use developments in the Intermountain West.
 Lambs Knoll is a peak of South Mountain on the border of Washington County and Frederick County in the state of Maryland United States. The 1758 feet (536 m) peak is the second tallest on South Mountain in Maryland behind Quirauk Mountain.
 Songs and Views of the Magnetic Garden (1975/Catalyst 09026-61823-2 1993) is an album performed synthesized recorded and mixed by Alvin Curran. Liner notes by Tim Page and Alvin Curran.This lush musical landscape Alvin Curran's first multi-media solo work intertwines singing and synthesizer drones and overtones bells gamelans and sounds of nature—a unique tapestry of sound that eloquently introduces a fanciful and original American composer.Curran says that he was encouraged by then recent solo works by Terry Riley La Monte Young Charlemagne Palestine and Simone Forti while AllMusic says the album recalls early electronic work involving tape loops echo and feedback and resembles composers Riley Pauline Oliveros and Steve Reich.Curran interweaves the sounds of singing nature bells gamelans and synthesizers into what Page calls 'New Age with brains...he's one composer who can actually organize noise to the point that it becomes music.'Hearing his mid-1970s assemblages Songs And Views Of The Magnetic Garden or Fiori Chiari Fiori Oscuri is like peering for the first time into Joseph Cornell's boxed collages.Alvin Curran's 'Songs and Views of the Magnetic Garden' was a simmering stew of found sounds and minimalism.The title will also be found as Songs and Views from the Magnetic Garden.
 Strzeszkowice Duże [stʂɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedrzwica Duża within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Niedrzwica Duża and 17 km (11 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Wiqruqucha (Quechua wiqru twisted bent qucha lake bent lake hispanicized spelling Huecrococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Yuracmarca District. It is situated in the Cordillera Blanca northeast of the mountains Millwaqucha and Pilanku and north of the Pukahirka and the lake Shuytuqucha.
 The Sweet Keeper is a 1990 album by Tanita Tikaram. Like her debut album Ancient Heart it was produced by Peter Van Hooke and Rod Argent. Three tracks from the album were released as singles We Almost Got It Together Little Sister Leaving Town and Thursday's Child.
 The Law of the Range is a 1928 American silent Western film starring Tim McCoy and Joan Crawford and Rex Lease.
 Waking The Moon is a 1994 novel by Elizabeth Hand. It was the winner of the James Tiptree Jr. Award and The 1996 Mythopoeic Award for Adult Literature. It is set mainly in The University of the Archangels and St. John The Divine a fictional University inspired by The Catholic University of America mentioned in a few of Hand's novels. About 100 pages were cut from the US edition.
 Jules Mazarin (French: [ʒyl mazaʁɛ̃]; July 14 1602 – March 9 1661) born Giulio Raimondo Mazzarino [ˈdʒuljo raiˈmondo maddzaˈrino] or Mazarini was an Italian Catholic cardinal diplomat and politician who served as the chief minister of France from 1642 until his death. Mazarin succeeded his mentor Cardinal Richelieu.
 Reverend Dr Kaptein Hendrik Witbooi (traditional name ǃNanseb ǀGabemab 7 January 1934 Gibeon – 13 October 2009 Windhoek) was a Namibian politician and the seventh Captain of the ǀKhowesin clan. A member of SWAPO from 1976 until his death Witbooi brought with him several clans of Namaqua into the liberation organisation. Imprisoned numerous times during the Namibian War of Independence Witbooi was first elected as Vice-President of SWAPO in 1984 and was re-elected for the last time in 1997.
 Athleta semirugata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Beaumarchais (French: Beaumarchais l'insolent) is a 1996 French biopic film directed by Édouard Molinaro and starring Fabrice Luchini Manuel Blanc and Sandrine Kiberlain. It is based on the life of the French playwright financier and spy Pierre Beaumarchais depicting his activities during the American War of Independence and his authorship of the Figaro trilogy of plays. It was adapted from a play by Sacha Guitry.
 The National Health is a 1973 British comedy film directed by Jack Gold and starring Lynn Redgrave Colin Blakely and Eleanor Bron. It is based on the play The National Health by Peter Nichols in which the staff struggle to cope in an underfunded NHS hospital.
 The Alpine Accentor (Prunella collaris) is a small passerine bird.
 The Flames (subtitled 'A Fantasy') is a science fiction novella by the writer and philosopher Olaf Stapledon. It was published by Secker and Warburg in 1947.
 Leiocephalus inaguae commonly known as the Inaguae Curly-tailed Lizard is a lizard species from the family of curly-tailed lizards (Leiocephalidae).The males can reach 90mm (3.5 inches) from snout to vent (SVL) the females smaller at about 74mm (3 inches) SVL.
 Viekijärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the region Northern Karelia in Finland.
 Alhaji Faruk Umar Faruk or Umar Faruk Umar (born 1931) is the 60th Emir or traditional ruler of the Daura Emirate. The Emirate is based on the town of Daura in Katsina State northern Nigeria.
 Schwabinger Eisbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 R D Bhandare or Ramchandra Dhondiba Bhandare (b. April 11 1916 d 5 Sept 1988) was a member of the 5th Lok Sabha of India from the Mumbai North Central constituency of Maharashtra and a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.He was also a member of 4th Lok Sabha from there in 1967. He was an Advocate and Professor of Law.He completed his education from Elphiston College Government Law College and the Khalsa College Bombay.
 Melanogaster is a genus of hoverfies.
 There Goes My Baby (also released as The Last Days of Paradise) is a 1994 film directed by Stephen Fisher and Floyd Mutrux and starring Dermot Mulroney Rick Schroder Noah Wyle Lucy Deakins Mark Ruffalo and Kelli Williams.Told from the point of view of the class valedictorian Mary Beth the story follows a group of high school seniors during the 1965 Watts Riots.
 Oliver Miller Homestead (also known as the James Miller House) is a public museum that commemorates pioneer settlers of Western Pennsylvania. It is located in Allegheny County Pennsylvania's South Park about 15 miles (24 km) south of downtown Pittsburgh near Bethel Park Pennsylvania. The house was built on the site of the Oliver Miller Homestead which was first settled in 1772. In 1794 the first fired gunshots of the Whiskey Rebellion occurred on the property.
 The Pinhão River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Aggrey Deaisile Joshua Mwanri (born 17 July 1955) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Siha constituency since 2000. He is the current Deputy Minister of State in the Prime Minister's Office for Regional Administration and Local Government.
 Ferenc Harrer (2 June 1874 - 21 November 1969) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs in 1919. His father was Pál Harrer the only mayor of Óbuda. Ferenc Harrer pursued his father's politics in connection with Budapest; he was the first one elaborating for Greater Budapest's plan. He supervised the flat broke town of Gyöngyös' reconstruction from 1917. In the next year he was appointed as Deputy Mayor of Budapest.
 I Frankenstein is a 2014 Australian-American fantasy action film written and directed by Stuart Beattie based on the graphic novel by Kevin Grevioux. It stars Aaron Eckhart Bill Nighy Yvonne Strahovski Miranda Otto Jai Courtney and Kevin Grevioux.
 Jackie Dingfelder is a Democratic politician in the U.S. state of Oregon. She is a former member of the Oregon State Senate and the Oregon House of Representatives and as of November 4 2013 will be a part of Portland Oregon Mayor Charlie Hales' staff.
 Jasień [ˈjaɕeɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Chmielnik and 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 190.
 11:11 is the third studio album by Mexican guitar duo Rodrigo y Gabriela. It was released on independent label Rubyworks around the world from 2 to 8 September 2009. It guest stars Strunz & Farah on the song Master Maqui and Alex Skolnick on the song Atman. The song Buster Voodoo was performed by the band on The Tonight Show hosted by Conan O'Brien on Thursday 1 October 2009 and on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on Wednesday 28 October 2009.
 The Kalamazoo Gazette is the daily newspaper in Kalamazoo Michigan.The Gazette is part of MLive Media Group which is Michigan's largest local media organization.The Gazette publishes seven days a week. Papers are available for home delivery on Tuesday Thursday and Sunday.In 2009 the Gazette was named Newspaper of the Year by the Michigan Press Association.On the Internet the Gazette is part of MLive.com the most-read news website in Michigan.
 U tvojim molitvama – Balade (trans. In Your Prayers - Ballads) is the first live album by Serbian and former Yugoslav singer-songwriter Đorđe Balašević. Recorded during Balašević's concert in Zetra (Sarajevo November 1986) Ledena dvorana (Zagreb November 1986) Sava Centar (Belgrade December 1986) Studio M (Novi Sad May 1987) and Šalata (Zagreb July 1987) the album features live versions of Balašević's ballads.
 Silas Janfa was elected Senator for the Plateau South constituency of Plateau State Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic running on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform.
 The Confidence-Man: His Masquerade (1857) was the ninth and last novel by American writer Herman Melville. Published on April 1 (presumably the exact day of the novel's setting) The Confidence-Man was Melville's tenth work in eleven years (one work being a short story collection). The novel portrays a Canterbury Tales-style group of steamboat passengers whose interlocking stories are told as they travel down the Mississippi River toward New Orleans.
 The Dark Brotherhood and Other Pieces is a collection of stories poems and essays by American author H. P. Lovecraft and others edited by August Derleth. It was released in 1966 by Arkham House in an edition of 3460 copies. The dustjacket is by Frank Utpatel.Some controversy was raised by the publication of the Chalker bibliography (see below) as George T. Wetzel claimed with some plausibility that Chalker had pirated Wetzel's own bibliography of 1955.
 Mammalian Species is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society of Mammalogists. The journal publishes accounts of 25–35 mammal species yearly. The articles summarize the current literature about each mammal and its systematics genetics fossil history distribution anatomy physiology behavior ecology and conservation is described. The journal was established in 1969. The current editor-in-chief is Joseph F. Merritt (University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign).
 M is a 1951 American remake of Fritz Lang's film of the same name directed by Joseph Losey. This version shifts the action from Berlin to Los Angeles and changes the killer's name from Hans Beckert to Martin W. Harrow. Both versions of M were produced by Seymour Nebenzal whose son Harold was associate producer of the 1951 version.
 Ali Shahi (Persian: عليشاهي‎ also Romanized as Ālī Shāhī) is a village in Jowzar Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 66 families.
 Haar Jeet is a 1940 Bollywood film directed by Amar Mullick. It stars Kanan Devi.
 Shirenewton Hall originally Shirenewton Court is a large country house and estate adjoining the village of Shirenewton Monmouthshire Wales about 3 miles (4.8 km) west of Chepstow. The 29.5-acre (11.9 ha) estate is located on a hillside and commands views across the Golden Valley to the west and the Severn estuary in the south.
 Maryborough Correctional Centre is a prison located at Stein Road Aldershot Queensland Australia approximately 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) north-west of Maryborough.The Maryborough Correctional Centre is a multi-purpose secure custody facility which accommodates 320 male prisoners in secure accommodation and 180 male prisoners in residential accommodation. It is also a remand and reception centre for offenders from Bundaberg to Gympie.
 Kannadi-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. Together with Kannadi-II it forms a part of the Kannadi gram panchayat.
 L'uccello migratore (The migratory bird) is a 1972 Italian comedy film directed by Steno.
 The Chepo River is a river of Panama in the Chepo District of Panama Province. It drains into the Pacific Ocean.
 The Outsider is an American action crime drama film directed by Brian A. Miller and written by Craig Fairbrass. The film stars Craig Fairbrass James Caan Shannon Elizabeth Jason Patric Melissa Ordway and Johnny Messner.
 Melvin is an American independent film to be released in 2011. Produced and directed by Chris Ohlson the film is a road movie about a desperate young man beginning to unravel. Melvin was 1 of 10 projects selected for the 2010 IFP Narrative Labs in New York City in June 2010.
 'Neath the Puke Tree is the fifth EP by Bill Callahan (also known as Smog) released on Drag City in 2000. It was recorded by Brent Puncheon and Leah Baker and includes remakes of previous work (I Was a Stranger from Red Apple Falls and A Jar of Sand from Sewn to the Sky) as well as three new songs. Charlie Gansa played guitar on this record Sloth and Jim White played drums. White later returned to play drums on A River Ain't Too Much to Love.
 Angelina Teny is a South Sudan politician who was state minister of Energy and Mining in the Khartoum-based Government of National Unity between 2005 and 2010. She ran for election as governor of Unity State in April 2010 but was defeated in an election that she claimed was rigged.
 Casino Lisboa (Chinese: 葡京娛樂場) is one of the most famous hotel casinos in Macau China. The casino is owned by the Sociedade de Turismo e Diversões de Macau (STDM) a Stanley Ho company. This three-storey complex was built in late 1960s.[citation needed].The original casino and the 12-storey round hotel tower were built in 1970 by Stanley Ho Teddy Yip Yip Hon and Henry Fok. A 270-room extension was added in 1991 for a total of 927 rooms.
 The Slovenský náučný slovník (Slovak educational dictionary) is the first encyclopedia in the Slovak language. It was published in 1932 in three volumes.
 Käpfle is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Downtown Pawtucket Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Broad Street Grant Street High Street East Avenue Ext. and Main Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 John E. Otto (born December 18 1938) was the acting director of the FBI in 1987.A native of St. Paul Minnesota Otto served in the Marine Corps and attended the University of Minnesota before transferring to St. Cloud State College where he earned a B.S. in 1960 followed by four years of graduate study in educational administration.
 Aspen Grove is a lifestyle center located in Littleton Colorado. It was developed by Poag and McEwen.In April 2014 retailer Coldwater Creek announced plans to close all its stores including one at Aspen Grove.
 To Live Forever is a science fiction novel by Jack Vance first published in 1956. In the Vance Integral Edition it was retitled Clarges.
 Magnum Opus was the only album released by Top Quality. The album was released on November 14 1993 though RCA Records. Parrish PMD Smith of EPMD served as the album's executive producer.Though it had input from PMD the album found nowhere near the amount of success that EPMD and members of their Hit Squad had attained. Magnum Opus only made it to 95 on the Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and its two singles I Can't Hear You and What failed to appear on any Billboard charts.
 Mingus Three (also referred to as Trio) is an album by American bassist composer and bandleader Charles Mingus with pianist Hampton Hawes and drummer Dannie Richmond which was recorded in 1957 and first released on the Jubilee label.
 Cupedia cupediella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Sardinia to Bulgaria and Greece.The larvae feed on Pistacia terebinthus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as an epidermal sometimes branched lower-surface corridor later a lower-surface tentiform mine which is almost invariably at the leaf margin with folded epidermis. The mine is eaten out until only the veins remain.
 Six Suspects is the second novel by Vikas Swarup an Indian diplomat and author of The New York Times bestseller Q&A. It was published by Transworld in 2008 and in the US by Minotaur Books in 2009 and has been optioned for a film by Starfield Productions and the BBC. In 2005 Swarup's first novel Q&A was published and was later turned into an Oscar Award-winning film Slumdog Millionaire in 2008.
 Clayton Square Shopping Centre is an inner-city shopping centre located in Liverpool England. It is in close proximity to Liverpool Lime Street and Liverpool Central railway stations. It is the city's fourth largest shopping centre behind Liverpool One St. John's Shopping Centre and Metquarter. Clayton Square sees tough competition from the likes of Liverpool One St.Johns Metquarter Church Street Lord Street and Bold Street.
 Lents is a small lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located within the north-northwestern section of the immense skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin. To the south is the Montes Cordillera mountain ring and to the north-northeast is the damaged crater Elvey.This is a bowl-shaped formation with an interior floor that is about half the diameter of the crater.
 Ochyrotica gielisi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Panama.The wingspan is about 16 mm.
 The Arlington Resort Hotel & Spa is a resort in the Ouachita Mountains of Hot Springs National Park Arkansas home of Oaklawn Race Track and the Arkansas Derby. The Arlington's sister hotel was the Baker Hotel in Mineral Wells Texas.[citation needed] The hotel is located at the north end of Bathhouse Row.
 Emigi (Persian: اميگي‎ also Romanized as Emīgī; also known as Chūkhūn) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 484 in 120 families.
 The Days (Chinese: 冬春的日子; pinyin: Dōng chūn de rìzǐ) is filmmaker Wang Xiaoshuai's 1993 directorial debut. Filmed entirely in black-and-white The Days follows the life of Dong (played by actor and artist Liu Xiaodong) and Chun (Yu Hong) married artists who have recently graduated from the Beijing Art Institute.
 The Waggoner Covered Bridge also known as the Roddy's Mill Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Northeast Madison Township and Tyrone Township in Perry County Pennsylvania. It is a 74-foot-long (23 m) Burr Truss bridge constructed about 1889. It crosses Bixler's Run. Its WGCB reference is 38-50-15.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Momotombo is a stratovolcano in Nicaragua not far from the city of León. It stands on the shores of Lago de Managua. An eruption of the volcano in 1610 forced inhabitants of the Spanish city of León to relocate about 30 miles west. The ruins of this city are preserved at León Viejo (Old León).The mountain is very symmetrical and its form is a symbol of Nicaragua cropping up in locations from matchboxes to revolutionary murals. This volcano was also very popular before World War I began.
 Black Box is the fifth studio album released by the South Korean girl group Brown Eyed Girls. The album was released on July 29 2013. The song Recipe was released on July 9 as a digital single. The song Kill Bill was used as the promotional song.
 Sonny's Dream (Birth of the New Cool) is an album by saxophonist Sonny Criss recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.
 Epping Forest (also known as the Alfred I. duPont Estate) was a historic 58-acre (230000 m2) estate in Jacksonville Florida where a luxurious riverfront mansion was built in the mid-1920s by industrialist Alfred I. du Pont and his third wife Jessie Ball du Pont. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and has been restored to its original grandeur as the home of the Epping Forest Yacht Club.
 For the Hardy Boys novel see Day of the Dinosaur.The Day of the Dinosaur is a science book by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp illustrated with plates. It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday in 1968 and in paperback by Curtis Books in 1970 or 1971. A second hardcover edition was issued by Bonanza Books in 1985.
 The William H. Towles House is a historic house at 2050 McGregor Boulevard in Fort Myers Florida. On May 29 2008 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Wenghorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Simplon in the canton of Valais. It lies at the eastern end of the range east of the Fletschhorn.
 Odezia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.Species include: Odezia atrata – Chimney Sweeper
 Ready is a 2011 Indian musical romantic comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee starring Salman Khan and Asin in the lead roles. It also features Paresh Rawal Arya Babbar and Mahesh Manjrekar in supporting roles while Sanjay Dutt Ajay Devgan Kangna Ranaut Zarine Khan and Arbaaz Khan make cameo appearances. It is a remake of the 2008 Telugu film Ready directed by Sreenu Vaitla starring Ram and Genelia. The music is given by Pritam.
 Swords Against the Shadowland is a fantasy novel by Robin Wayne Bailey featuring Fritz Leiber's sword and sorcery heroes Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser. Chronologically it falls between the first and second volumes of the complete seven volume edition of Leiber's collected stories devoted to the characters. The story is a direct sequel to Ill Met in Lankhmar the last story in Swords and Deviltry and covers some of the same events as The Circle Curse the first story in Swords Against Death.
 Fretterbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Building Design or BD is the leadingTemplate:Ref? weekly architectural magazine and digital title in the United Kingdom.BD was launched in 1970 by publisher Morgan Grampian as a closed circulation weekly as high-tech architecture was just starting to take-off.
 Not to be confused with the other Fever Pitch films; the 1997 soccer-themed film with Colin Firth or the 2005 baseball-themed remake starring Drew Barrymore.Fever Pitch is a 1985 American film starring Ryan O'Neal and written and directed by Richard Brooks. This turned out to be the final film for Brooks director of such acclaimed pictures as Blackboard Jungle Elmer Gantry Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and In Cold Blood.
 Spheres is the fourth album by the Dutch death metal band Pestilence released in 1993. It was their final album before a 14-year hiatus from 1994 to 2008. On this album the band experimented with a more progressive sound utilizing guitar synthesizers as well as some jazz influences.
 Royal Brompton Hospital is the largest specialist heart and lung centre in the United Kingdom (UK).The hospital is part of Royal Brompton & Harefield NHS Foundation Trust is a national and international specialist heart and lung centre based in Chelsea London and Harefield Middlesex. The Trust helps patients from all age groups who have heart and lung problems and is the country's largest centre for the treatment of adult congenital heart disease.
 Assassin's Creed: The Fall is an American comic book mini-series consisting of three issues published by Wildstorm.
 Never Forget Me (Hangul: 진짜 진짜 잊지마; RR: Jinjja Jinjja Ijjima; lit. Really Really Don't Forget) is a 1976 South Korean film directed by Mun Yeo-song. It was followed the same year by the sequel I Am Really Sorry.
 Ornistomus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Ornistomus bicinctus Thomson 1864 Ornistomus simulatrix Clarke 2012↑
 Wizard Island is the fourth album by Keyboardist Jeff Lorber as leader of his band The Jeff Lorber Fusion.
 Thomas House is a historic home located at Ruthsburg Queen Anne's County Maryland. It is distinguished by a stepped two-part plan designed to represent two separate building phases and to have the appearance of a Federal brick townhouse with a lower two-story wing. It appears to have been built between 1798 and 1821.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Lemyra pilosoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Daniel in 1943. It is found in China (Yunnan Sichuan).
 Hordabø Church (Norwegian: Hordabø kyrkje) is a parish church in Radøy municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Bøvågen. The church is part of the Radøy parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1875 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. The church was consecrated on 5 August 1875. The church seats about 400 people. There are records of a church on this site since dating back to the 1300s.
 The Reformed Church (Romanian: Biserica Reformată; Hungarian: Református templom) is a church in Tăşnad Romania completed in 1476.
 Asrar is a Persian-language reformist daily newspaper published in Tehran Iran.
 Tumbleweeds is a 1925 American Western film starring and produced by William S. Hart. It depicts the Cherokee Strip land rush of 1893. The film is said to have influenced the Oscar-winning 1931 Western Cimarron which also depicts the land rush. The 1939 Astor Pictures' re-release of Tumbleweeds includes an 8-minute introduction by the then 75 year old Hart as he talks about his career and the glories of the old west. Tumbleweeds was Hart's last movie.
 Thomas Warren Bennett (February 16 1831 in Union County Indiana – February 2 1893) was governor of Idaho Territory from 1871 to 1875. He also served as a Congressional delegate from the territory from March 4 1875 to June 23 1876. He also served in the Indiana State Senate.
 Mowtowr-e Kheyr Mohammad Huti (Persian: موتورخيرمحمدهوتي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Kheyr Moḩammad Hūtī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Within Our Gates (1920) is a silent film by the director Oscar Micheaux that portrays the contemporary racial situation in the United States during the early twentieth century the years of Jim Crow the revival of the Ku Klux Klan the Great Migration of blacks to cities of the North and Midwest and the emergence of the New Negro.
 Dash! (ダッシュ！ Dasshu!) is a Japanese manga anthology comprising two stories written and illustrated by Isaku Natsume. It is licensed for sale in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on 25 November 2007.
 William Ewart Humphrey (31 March 1862 - 14 February 1934) an American politician served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1903 to 1917. He represented the state of Washington at large from 1903 to 1909 and the First Congressional District of Washington from 1909 to 1917. Humphrey also served as a member of the Federal Trade Commission from 1925 to 1933.Humphrey was born near Alamo Indiana and attended local common schools.
 Khadka Bhadrakali is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5539 . On recent survey in 2011 the VDC had a total population of 10761.
 Grant Mitchell (born July 19 1951) is a Canadian politician and businessman.
 Miszewo Murowane [miˈʂɛvɔ murɔˈvanɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bodzanów 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Płock and 79 km (49 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Helicina platychila is a species of tropical land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Helicinidae.The description of Helicina epistilia Guppy 1868 matches this species and these names are therefore considered synonyms.
 Free Radicals is a black-and-white animated film short by avant-garde filmmaker Len Lye. Begun in 1958 and completed in 1979 Lye made the film by directly scratching the film stock.
 The Caliph's House is a travel book by Anglo-Afghan author Tahir Shah.Unwilling to raise his two infant children in England Tahir Shah drags them and his Indian-born wife to Morocco where he traveled as a child. It was there that his grandfather the savant Sirdar Ikbal Ali Shah passed the last decade of his life (he moved to Tangier after his wife died in 1960 declaring that he would go to a land where he had never been together).
 The Pietroasa River is a tributary of the Pârâul Ţiganului in Romania.
 The Matiri River is a river located in the northwest of New Zealand's South Island.It runs south for 30 kilometres from its headwaters west of Mount Owen in Kahurangi National Park to its confluence with the Buller River just below the town of Murchison. Halfway along its length it passes through Lake Matiri. Downstream from Lake Matiri the banks of the river has mixed livestock farming and some small scale forestry.
 Francis Thomas Tom Ament (November 17 1937-March 10 2014) was the Democratic County Executive of Milwaukee County Wisconsin from 1992–2002.He graduated from Marquette University High School in 1955 earned his bachelor's degree from Marquette University in 1959 and his law degree from the Marquette University Law School in 1962. He was elected to the Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors.
 The Frederick House River is a river in the James Bay and Moose River drainage basins in Cochrane District in northeastern Ontario Canada. It flows 100 kilometres (62 mi) from Night Hawk Lake in the city of Timmins to its mouth at the Abitibi River in Cochrane Unorganized North Part. Both the river and the associated Hudson's Bay Company Frederick House post (1785–1821) are named for Prince Frederick Duke of York and Albany son of George III of the United Kingdom
 Stężyca Nadwieprzańska [stɛ̃ˈʐɨt͡sa nadvʲɛˈpʂaɲska] (Ukrainian: Стужиця Надвепринська Stuzhytsia Nadvepryns’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnystaw within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Krasnystaw and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Granulina liei is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Semiahmoo Resort is a golfing resort and spa overlooking Semiahmoo Bay opposite Blaine Washington northwest of Bellingham in the northwestern coast of the United States. Set within 1100 acres (450 ha) it lies on a long sandy spit in the northern part of Puget Sound near the Canadian border. The name of the resort takes its name from the name of the Semiahmoo indigenous people in whose language means half moon describing the crescent shaped land the resort is now built on.
 Swarnam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2008.
 Theorica is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Jon Steven Tigar (born 1962) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
 The Paryaqaqa mountain range (Quechua parya reddish sparrow qaqa rock Paryaqaqa or Parya Qaqa a regional deity a mountain god (apu) hispanicized spellings Pariacaca Pariacacca Pariaccaca Pariaccacca) or Waruchiri mountain range (hispanicized Huarochirí) lies in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Junín Region Yauli Province as well as in the Lima Region Huarochirí Province and Yauyos Province.
 Vachhavad is a village in Mahuva Taluka in Surat District in Gujarat State in India. Vachhavad is 55 km from the district capital Surat and 317 km from the state capital Gandhinagar.
 Mafruz Lu (Persian: مفروضلو‎ also Romanized as Mafrūẕ Lū and Mafrūẕlū; also known as Khavalu Khaveh Lū and Māhbūzlū) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 76 families.In the wake of White Revolution (early 1960s) a clan of Mohammad Khanlu tribe comprising 35 households used Mafruzlu as their winter quarters.
 Blood of Amber is the Locus Award nominated second book in the second Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny and the seventh book overall.
 The Emmanuel DeHodiamont House is a house located at 951 Maple Place in the West End neighborhood of St. Louis Missouri. The house was originally constructed about 1830 by local farmer Emmanuel DeHodiamont and was modified into the Gothic Revival style about 1875. It shares the status of being the oldest extant residence in the city of St. Louis with the Lewis Bissell House and it is the oldest privately owned building in St. Louis. It was listed as a St.
 Eşrefli is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 AME Church of New Haven is a historic church at 225 Selma Street in New Haven Missouri.It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Djohar Arifin Husin (born in Tanjung Pura Langkat Regency North Sumatra Indonesia 13 September 1950) is the chairman of the Football Association of Indonesia (PSSI) since July 9 2011 for the period 2011-2015 replacing Nurdin Halid.In his youth ages he had served as PSMS Medan professional player and also as a referee.He was elected as Chairman of the PSSI on PSSI Extraordinary Congress on July 9 2011 in Surakarta.
 Gogol is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 87 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. Gogol is named for the Russian playwright Nikolai Gogol who lived from 1809 to 1852.
 The dwarf fan shell Talochlamys multistriata is a species of bivalve scallop. It is a marine mollusc in the family Pectinidae.
 Silkville is a ghost town in Williamsburg Township Franklin County Kansas United States. Its elevation is 1161 feet (354 m) and it is located at 38°27′0″N 95°29′21″W (38.4500149 -95.4891477) along U.S. Route 50 southwest of Williamsburg.
 Gazabad (Persian: گزاباد‎ also Romanized as Gazābād) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 24 families.
 Bund Center is a 198 m (650 ft) 50-storey tower in the Huangpu area of Shanghai China. Designed by the architects of John Portman and Associates the tower was completed in 2002.The building is mainly used for offices and major tenants of the building are Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Nokia APP and Regus. The Bund Center’s prominent outer appearance is the crown located on top of the building. A total of 16 indicator lights are installed so that the crown illuminates a golden light at nighttime.
 You Love Me is a 1999 promotional EP by the Meat Puppets. This was the first release from the then new line-up of the Meat Puppets. It was available free only through the official Meat Puppets website to promote the band's new line-up.
 The HP diatreme also called the HP pipe is a diatreme in the Rocky Mountains of southeastern British Columbia Canada located 50 km (31 mi) northeast of Golden.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Abdul Rajab Mteketa (born 1 January 1951) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Kilombero constituency since 2010.
 S. Alagarsamy (Tamil: சோ. அழகர்சாமி; 5 August 1926 – 6 March 2009) was an Indian politician and was elected as Member of the Legislative Assembly for 5 terms from 1967 to 1991 to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly as an Communist Party of India candidate from Kovilpatti constituency in 1967 1971 1977 1980 and 1989 elections.
 Bala Golema (Persian: بالاگلما‎ also Romanized as Bālā Golemā; also known as Golemā-ye Bālā and Golmā-ye Bālā) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 766 in 199 families.
 Unfinished Tales (full title Unfinished Tales of Númenor and Middle-earth) is a collection of stories and essays by J. R. R.
 The Freeep is an EP from musical Indie group Matt Pond PA. Originally released for free the EP was available as a direct download from the band's website. It has since been removed but on September 1 2009 it was released for sale as a digital download via iTunes and Amazon MP3 with the new title Auri Sacra Fames.
 Lepista is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 RASL is an independently published black and white comic book series written and drawn by Bone creator Jeff Smith. The series showed Smith's dark side as it was much more mature than his previous works. The series originally ran with 3 issues a year with repeated delays but has now been changed to a bimonthly schedule.
 Tang-e Abdal (Persian: تنگابدال‎ also Romanized as Tang-e ‘Abdāl) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 44 families.
 The City Hall of Rock Springs Wyoming located at 4th and B Sts. in Rock Springs is a gray sandstone building that was built in 1894. It includes Richardsonian Romanesque architecture in a design by Salt Lake City architect M.D. Kern.
 Richard Sprigg Canby (September 30 1808 – July 27 1895) was a U.S.
 Laws of Illusion is the seventh studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Sarah McLachlan. It was released on June 11 2010 on Arista Records in the United States and June 15 2010 on Nettwerk in Canada.
 Lifted is a 2006 Pixar computer-animated short film directed by Gary Rydstrom. This is the first film directed by Rydstrom a seven-time Academy Award winning sound editor and mixer and the first produced by Katherine Sarafian who went on to produce Pixar's Brave.The film was released theatrically and on home media with Pixar's Ratatouille (June 29 2007). The short also received a sneak peek at The 42nd Chicago International Film Festival.
 The Gate Fence and Hollow Tree Shelter Designed by Dionicio Rodriguez is a work by noted artist Dionicio Rodriguez that is located at 320 Oak St. in Clayton New Mexico. It consists of three faux bois sculptures created in 1943. Speculator Bayliss C. Froman commissioned the sculptures on his property after seeing Rodriguez's work on a visit to San Antonio.
 Marc Trudel (March 29 1896 – September 10 1961) was a politician in Quebec Canada.He served as Cabinet Member and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.
 The United Hebrew Congregation (or Congregation Achdut Yisroel) at 13788 Conway Road in St. Louis Missouri is a Reform Jewish synagogue. It is the first Jewish Congregation established west of the Mississippi River.
 Lyndon Baines Johnson (/ˈlɪndən ˈbeɪnz ˈdʒɒnsən/; August 27 1908 – January 22 1973) often referred to as LBJ was the 36th President of the United States (1963–1969) a position he assumed after his service as the 37th Vice President of the United States (1961–1963). He is one of only four people who served in all four elected federal offices of the United States: Representative Senator Vice President and President.
 John H. Rogers is a Democratic member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives representing the 12th Norfolk District since 1992 which includes all of Norwood and parts of Walpole.
 The Otter River is a river in Massachusetts and a major tributary of the Millers River which in turn is a tributary of the Connecticut River. The Otter River enters the Millers River in Winchendon in Otter River State Forest.
 Gundaraj is a 1995 Bollywood action film directed by Guddu Dhanoa. It stars Ajay Devgan Kajol and Amrish Puri. The film premiered on 7 September 1995 in Mumbai.
 Live From Dakota is the first live album by Stereophonics. It is a 2-disc compilation featuring 20 tracks spanning the first five of the band's albums and capturing the best of their 2005 world tour. Rather than being a recording of single show every night of the tour was recorded and the band picked out the best version of each song individually. The album title is therefore not literal but references the name of their first UK number one single.
 Khong Khola River is a small perennial river near the town of Darjeeling in the Indian state of West Bengal.
 Soulmates Never Die (Live in Paris 2003) is the first live DVD release by the band Placebo that was released mainstream and was made available worldwide. The DVD was released in Great Britain on 15 March 2004 and in the United States and Canada on June 29 2004. It reached #33 in Germany.
 Adrani is a village in the municipality of Kraljevo western-central Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2198 people.
 Cefn Hirgoed is a ridge in Bridgend county borough in South Wales. The ridge extends for about 5km east from the village of Sarn just north of Bridgend to Pen-prysg north of Pencoed. At the point where it reaches its highest elevation of 142m are a couple of covered reservoirs. Towards the west the M4 motorway runs along the hill’s southern edge.
 Coari River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Frederick Coutts CBE (21 September 1899 – 6 February 1986) was the 8th General of The Salvation Army (1963-1969).The son of corps officers he was born in Kirkcaldy Scotland. In 1920 he became an Officer of The Salvation Army from the corps in Batley England. He served in divisional work in the British Territory from 1921 to 1925 when he became a Corps Officer of the British Territory. He would serve as Corps Officer of the British Territory for 10 years.
 Peristernia funiculata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Fort Apache: The Bronx is a 1981 crime drama film made by Producers Circle Time-Life Television Productions Inc. and distributed by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. It was directed by Daniel Petrie and produced by Martin Richards Thomas Fiorello with David Susskind as executive producer.
 Bickgraben is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Giran is an Egyptian 2009 documentary film.
 Tavakkolabad (Persian: توكل اباد‎ also Romanized as Tavakkolābād) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Xinfengjiang Reservoir(Chinese: 新丰江水库 lit. Wanlv Lake) is a man-made lake located in Heyuan Guangdong China formed since the damming of the Xinfeng River (a tributary of Dong River) by the Xinfengjiang Dam. The dam is about 6 km away from the downtown of Heyuan and 170 km away from Guangzhou.
 Christcrusher is the third and final full length album by black metal band Thy Serpent. It is named after the sixth track on the album. It was recorded at Tico Tico Studios and features a more traditional black metal sound.The Band considers themselves to be an Anti-Christian band rather than a black metal bandThey believe that black metal is supposed to be satanic.Since none of the band members are sataniststhey don't consider themselves to be black metal.
 Lifeline is the second album by the California soft rock group Pablo Cruise. Released in 1976 the album was slightly more successful than the previous but still only reached #139 on the United States charts. In 1977 Barbra Streisand redid Don't Believe It with mostly different lyrics for her album Superman.
 The Pelican Brief is a 1993 legal crime thriller based on the novel of the same name by John Grisham. Directed by Alan J. Pakula the film stars Julia Roberts in the role of young law student Darby Shaw and Denzel Washington as Washington Herald reporter Gray Grantham. Music was composed by James Horner. This was the last film to feature Pakula as a producer and writer before his death.
 Yo No Canto Pero Lo Intentamos is the second studio album by Mexican recording artist Espinoza Paz. It was released on 26 January 2009 by Disa Records.
 Astral Taxi is the second and last album released by the Australian rock band Tin Tin it was released in December 1971. It was produced by Billy Lawrie and Maurice Gibb was the executive producer.
 Bichhoo (literally Scorpion) is a 2000 Bollywood film directed by Guddu Dhanoa. It is a suspense film and the lead roles are played by Bobby Deol and Rani Mukerji. This film is heavily copied from the Luc Besson 1994 film Léon starring Jean Reno and Natalie Portman.
 General Sir Francis Reginald Wingate 1st Baronet GCB GCVO GBE KCMG DSO TD (25 June 1861 – 29 January 1953) was a British general and administrator in Egypt and the Sudan.
 Tur & retur (Round-trip) is a 2003 Swedish comedy film directed and written by Ella Lemhagen.
 Henry & June is a 1990 American biographical drama film directed by Philip Kaufman and stars Fred Ward Maria de Medeiros and Uma Thurman. It is loosely based on the book of the same name by the French author Anaïs Nin and tells the story of Nin's relationship with Henry Miller and his wife June.The film was nominated for Best Cinematography at the 63rd Academy Awards. It is the first and to date only Oscar-nominated film to be released with an NC-17 rating.
 Viktor Andriyovych Yushchenko (Ukrainian: About this sound Ві́ктор Андрі́йович Ю́щенко ; born February 23 1954) is a Ukrainian politician who was President of Ukraine from 2005 to 2010.As an informal leader of the Ukrainian opposition coalition he was one of the two main candidates in the October–November 2004 Ukrainian presidential election. Yushchenko won the presidency through a repeat runoff election between him and Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych.
 Gregor Virant (born 4 December 1969) is a Slovenian politician and public servant currently serving as Minister of the Interior and Public Administration in the government of Alenka Bratušek.
 Najdziszów [nai̯ˈd͡ʑiʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mierzęcice within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Będzin and 20 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 182.
 The Rivière Roche is a river of Martinique.
 Lê Duẩn (7 April 1907 – 10 July 1986) was a Vietnamese communist politician. He rose in the party hierarchy in the late 1950s and became General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam (VCP) at the 3rd National Congress in 1960. He continued Hồ Chí Minh's policy of ruling through collective leadership.
 Batwara is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by J.P. Dutta. The film stars Dharmendra Vinod Khanna Dimple Kapadia Amrita Singh Poonam Dhillon Shammi Kapoor Mohsin Khan and Amrish Puri.
 Oppheimsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Voss in Hordaland county Norway.
 Gornam (Persian: گرنام‎ also Romanized as Gornām) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District Yaneh Sar District Behshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 262 in 57 families.
 Temple Emanu-El of West Essex in Livingston New Jersey was founded in 1955 and is one of the oldest Reform synagogues in the West Essex section of New Jersey. Emanu-El means God is with us in Hebrew.
 George Hilliard (1827 – May 23 1892) was a Canadian businessman and politician from the province of Ontario.Born in Morrisburg Upper Canada the son of Christopher Hilliard a British officer and Catherine Meyer Hilliard came to Peterborough County in 1847. He began working as a clerk in Peterborough in 1847. He opened his own general store with his brother and later managed a lumber business. In 1862 he purchased a saw mill and afterwards a large stone flouring mill.
 Tazehabad-e Sepah (Persian: تازه ابادسپاه‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Sepāh and Tāzehābād Sepāh) is a village in Rudpey-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 55 families.
 Cooch’s Bridge is a historic district located at Old Baltimore Pike Newark Delaware and is the site of the 1777 Battle of Cooch’s Bridge. While there are several modern bridges near the site of the battle the original bridge was in poor shape in 1777 and did not survive the American Revolution.
 Darvishan (Persian: درويشان‎ also Romanized as Darvīshān) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 56 families.
 The Quartel River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Bells Are Ringing is a 1960 romantic comedy-musical film directed by Vincente Minnelli and starring Judy Holliday and Dean Martin.
 Bill (1973) is a compilation album of previously released material by Bill Cosby. All the routines are edited down compared to their original appearances on previous albums some slightly some considerably.
 St John the Baptist's Church Parson Drove is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Parson Drove Cambridgeshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands at the east end of the village on the north side of the B1169 road some 6 miles (10 km) west of Wisbech.
 Banfill Tavern also known as the Locke House is a building in Fridley Minnesota United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Catholic Church of the Sacred Heart or Sacred Heart Church is a Roman Catholic church in the seaside resort of Bournemouth England. Located on Albert Road close to the town centre it was the first Roman Catholic church built in Bournemouth and is part of the Diocese of Portsmouth. It has been designated a Grade II* listed building by English Heritage.
 The Wagner Free Institute of Science is a natural history museum located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1855 by William Wagner a merchant philanthropist and gentleman scientist of the time who sought to offer free educational courses to all who would seek to learn about the natural world. Wagner began offering free lectures on science at his home Elm Grove a colonial farm estate on the outskirts of Philadelphia in 1847.
 Patera is a genus of land snails in the family Polygyridae.The name is from the Latin patera (a saucer) and refers to the highly depressed saucer-like shape of the shells of these snails. In addition to flattened shells members of the group have an imperforate umbilicus and a single tooth on the parietal wall of the aperture.These snails are known only from the eastern United States.
 James Mason (August 25 1843 – July 16 1918) was a Canadian banker Senator and military officer.Mason was born in Toronto and educated at private schools and the Toronto Model School where he was head boy. After graduation he joined the Toronto Savings Bank which ultimately became the Home Bank ultimately becoming its general manager and president in 1873.He was appointed to the Canadian Senate in 1913 by Prime Minister Robert Borden and sat as a Conservative.
 The Domestic Science Building at 11th and Haddock in Arkadelphia Arkansas is a Colonial Revival building that was built in 1917. It was designed by Thompson & Harding. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Eastport Plaza is a shopping mall located in Portland Oregon on SE 82nd Avenue. Construction began on October 20 1959 by the Anderson–Westfall Construction Company. It was one of the biggest construction projects in the Pacific Northwest at the time and cost $5 million. It opened on October 27 1960.It was a dead mall until recently with most of the former stores moving to the new Clackamas Town Center during the 1990s.
 A Child in the Dark and a Foreign Father is a short story written by the iconic Australian writer and poet Henry Lawson. The story often considered to be partially autobiographical considers the rather bleak relationship between a man and his family. The story was begun in England as Lawson's first novel but was broken off and eventually completed after his return to Australia.
 Spellfall is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts published on 19 October 2000 by The Chicken House and aimed at pre-teens.
 Holy Water is the ninth studio album by hard rock band Bad Company and their third with Brian Howe as lead vocalist released in June 1990. The singles on the album all received significant radio airplay. These included Holy Water Boys Cry Tough Walk Through Fire and If You Needed Somebody all of which charted fairly well. To date this is the last album by Bad Company to go platinum.
 Marie Claire is an international monthly magazine for women. First published in France various editions are published in many countries and languages. The United States edition focuses on women around the world and several worldwide issues. Marie Claire magazine also covers health beauty and fashion topics.
 North Hempstead Town Hall is a historic town hall building located at Manhasset in Nassau County New York. The original section was built in 1906-1907. Flanking additions were built in 1926-1928 and the large rear extension was completed in 1955. The original section is three bays wide and two and one half stories high built of brick with cast stone accents. A copper domed eight sided wooden cupola was added in 1928.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Hadashot (Hebrew: חדשות‎ lit. News) was a Hebrew-language daily newspaper published in Israel between 1984 and 1993.
 Dargahabad (Persian: درگاه اباد‎ also Romanized as Dargāhābād) is a village in Yam Rural District Meshkan District Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 59 families.
 Çayköy is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 154 people.
 The Domus municipalis (Latin: municipal house) is a Romanesque building in the northeastern municipality of Bragança in Portugal. It is what exactly was the function of this building even after research completed in the 20th century: it could have served as cistern but there are doubts if this was its primary function.
 Whenever is a 2000 children's musical play with words Alan Ayckbourn and music by Denis King that was shown as the Stephen Joseph Theatre's Christmas production. It is loosely derived from The Wizard of Oz and it is about a young Victorian girl named Emily to travels back and forth in time to avert a disaster.
 Blood and Sand (1941) is a Technicolor film produced by 20th Century Fox directed by Rouben Mamoulian and starring Tyrone Power Linda Darnell Rita Hayworth and Alla Nazimova. It is based on the Spanish 1909 novel Blood and Sand (Sangre y arena) by Vicente Blasco Ibáñez.There are two earlier versions of Blood and Sand a 1922 version produced by Paramount Pictures and starring Rudolph Valentino and a 1916 version filmed by Blasco Ibáñez himself with the help of Max André.
 Acraea kuekenthali is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in southern Tanzania and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Shaba).
 The Season of Men (Arabic: موسم الرجال (فيلم)‎ translit. Maussim al-rijal French: La saison des hommes) is a 2000 French-Tunisian drama film directed by Moufida Tlatli. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Wom Brook is a stream in South Staffordshire England. It flows through the large village of Wombourne and has played an important part in its industrial history. It is an important tributary of the River Smestow and part of the Severn catchment.
 Sir Peter Wilfred Tapsell KNZM MBE FRCS FRCSEd (21 January 1930 – 5 April 2012) was Speaker of the New Zealand House of Representatives from 1993 to 1996. He was notable for being the first Māori Speaker and for being the first Speaker since 1943 to hold office while not a member of the governing party.He was an orthopaedic surgeon before entering politics.
 The Leogang Mountains (German: Leoganger Steinberge lit. Leogang Rock Mountains) are a mountain range in Austria in the state of Salzburg and form part of the Northern Limestone Alps within the Eastern Alps.
 The Gryffe Reservoirs (also 'Gryfe' see name of the River Gryfe) are two reservoirs known as Gryffe No. 1 and Gryffe No. 2 located in Inverclyde in the west central Lowlands of Scotland. The larger reservoir Gryffe No. 1 is adjacent to Loch Thom with Gryffe No. 2 connecting immediately to the east. Together they are occasionally known as Loch Gryffe.The reservoirs are fed from a stream rising on Creuch Hill.
 The Hudson River State Hospital is a former New York state psychiatric hospital which operated from 1873 until its closure in the early 2000s. The campus is notable for its main building known as a Kirkbride which has been designated a National Historic Landmark due to its exemplary High Victorian Gothic architecture the first use of that style for an American institutional building. It is located on US 9 on the Poughkeepsie-Hyde Park town line.
 The Albany Museum South Africa is situated in Grahamstown in South Africa is affiliated to Rhodes University and dates back to 1855 making it the second oldest museum in South Africa.The natural history and geology collections of the Eastern Province Literary Scientific and Medical Society were used as its nucleus.
 The Portland Press Herald (and Maine Sunday Telegram; collectively known as The Portland Newspapers) publish daily newspapers in Portland Maine USA.
 Quinto año nacional is a 1961 Argentine film.
 Roseanna's Grave is a 1997 American romantic dramedy film directed by Paul Weiland. In his review Roger Ebert concludes that Roseanna's Grave isn't of much consequence perhaps and the gears of the plot are occasionally visible as they turn. But it's a small sweet film that never tries for more than it's sure of and the actors find it such a relief to be playing such goodhearted characters that we can almost feel it.
 Mount McGregor is a mountain in Saratoga County New York in the towns of Wilton Moreau and Corinth. It is one of the principal peaks of the Palmertown Range. There are two lakes on the mountain Lake Bonita and Lake Anna which were previously used for fishing.
 Teraphis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Teraphis cavicola Moore 1977 Teraphis crenulata (Sloane 1923) Teraphis elongata Castelnau 1867 Teraphis helmsi (Sloane 1890) Teraphis melbournensis Castelnau 1867 Teraphis tasmanica (Sloane 1920)↑
 Xenopsylla gratiosa is a flea found on seabirds including the European Storm Petrel. Along with dermanyssid mites these blood-sucking parasites slow the growth rate of nestlings and may affect their survival rate.
 Mashiur Rahman(b.1924 - d.1979) also known as Mashiur Rahman Jadu Mia was a cabinet minister of the Bangladesh from 29 June 1978	to 12 March 1979.He was a instrumental in the founding of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party. The post of Prime Minister of Bangladesh was abolished 15 August 1975 as a consequence of the assassination of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman of that year terminating the Prime Ministership of Muhammad Mansur Ali.
 The Psychological Inquiry (PI) is a quarterly psychology journal published by Taylor & Francis. It aims to be a forum for the discussion of theory and meta-theory primarily in social psychology and personality. It aims to publish ideas and theories that are broad provocative and debatable while discouraging purely empirical applied or review articles.
 Fantaghirò 4 (alternately titled as The Cave of the Golden Rose 4) is the fourth film from the Fantaghirò series. It is directed by Lamberto Bava and stars Alessandra Martines as the title character. The film was released on television as a two-parter and is known in some releases as Fantaghirò 7 and Fantaghirò 8. This film featured very few returning characters from the previous films and most notable is that Kim Rossi Stuart the hero of the previous films did not return at all.
 Timothy K. Lewis (born 1954 in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania) is a former federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and is currently an attorney at the law firm of Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP where he serves as the co-chair of the firm's appellate practice. He also serves as a mediator arbitrator settlement counselor. Lewis is African American.
 Hamdi al-Pachachi (1886 – March 28 1948) Iraqi politician born to a prominent family in Baghdad. He studied law at the Royal School in Istanbul graduating in 1909. He taught at the Baghdad Law School from 1913 to 1916. While in Istanbul he joined the Covenant Society and became active in the Arab nationalist movement. Upon his return to Baghdad he joined with the nationalists who were demanding the decentralization of the Ottoman Empire.
 Oliva carneola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Dodanwala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Maol Cheann-dearg (Gaelic: Maol-cheann Dearg) is a Scottish Mountain situated between Upper Loch Torridon and Loch Carron in the Coulags deer forest in Wester Ross Highland region. It is one of three Munros in this area (the others being Sgorr Ruadh and Beinn Liath Mhòr) and reaches a height of 933 metres (3060 feet) it is slightly isolated from the other two being separated by a low col of 420 metres and therefore tends to be ascended separately.
 Mass Nerder is the seventh album by pop punk band All. It was released on Epitaph Records in 1998.The Descendents later recorded a song called Mass Nerder for their 2004 album Cool to Be You. Honey Peeps appeared in the 1999 Sony PlayStation game Street Sk8er and the 1999 Vans Off The Wall Sampler. World's On Heroin appeared on the soundtrack to the 1999 cult film Terror Firmer. Perfection appeared in the 1999 Sony PlayStation game Supercross 2000 by Electronic Arts.
 The Uprising is the sixth studio album by British rap group Foreign Beggars. It was released on 1 October 2012 through mau5trap. Most of the mixing was done by Wez Clarke.The group completed their nine-date headline Uprising Tour in 2013 off the back of the album release supported by True Tiger and ƱZ. The original dates were from 9 to 19 October 2012 but the tour was postponed due to unforeseen reasons.A remix of Crep Hype by MRK1 was released as a free download on 22 December 2012.
 Lough Ree (Irish: Loch Rí or Loch Ríbh) is a lake in the midlands of Ireland the second of the three major lakes on the River Shannon. Lough Ree is the second largest lake on the Shannon after Lough Derg. The other two major lakes are Lough Allen to the north and Lough Derg to the south there are also several minor lakes along the length of the river.
 Rachel Ray is an 1863 novel by Anthony Trollope. It recounts the story of a young woman who is forced to give up her fiancé because of baseless suspicions directed toward him by the members of her community including her sister and the pastors of the two churches attended by her sister and mother.The novel was originally commissioned for Good Words a popular magazine directed at pious Protestant readers.
 The Beau Brummels is the sixth studio album by the American rock band of the same name. Released in April 1975 the album features the work of all five original bandmembers for the first time since the band's debut album 1965's Introducing the Beau Brummels. The album peaked at number 180 on the U.S. Billboard 200 albums chart in 1975.
 Paulina is the fifth studio album by Mexican recording artist Paulina Rubio released on May 23 2000 by Universal Latino. It was nominated at the second Latin Grammy Awards for Album of The Year Best Pop Female Vocal Album and Best Song for Y Yo Sigo Aquí. There was also a nomination for the video of her single Yo No Soy Esa Mujer directed by Gustavo Garzon at the third Latin Grammy Awards.
 Blotto (1930) is a comedy film starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 Soul on Top is an album by James Brown. Brown and saxophonist Maceo Parker worked with arranger/conductor Oliver Nelson to record a big band funk and jazz vocal album.
 Genus is a furry erotic comic book originally published by Antarctic Press and continued by Radio Comix under its Sin Factory imprint. Issues contain sexually explicit stories and pin-up illustrations by various artists featuring anthropomorphic animals (no human characters are included) and are labeled for sale to adults only. The series began in June 1993 with 94 issues published as of April 2012.
 SIAM Journal on Discrete Mathematics (SIDMA) is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by SIAM.The journal includes articles on pure and applied discrete mathematics.It was founded in 1988 along with SIAM Journal on Matrix Analysis and Applications to replace the SIAM Journal on Algebraic and Discrete Methods. The journal is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.Its 2009 MCQ was 0.57 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.668.
 Arthur's Pike is a fell in the English Lake District near Ullswater. It is a subsidiary top on the ridge falling north from Loadpot Hill in the Far Eastern Fells. An extensive craggy face stands above the lower reach of Ullswater.
 The Nullica River is an intermittently closed semi-mature saline coastal lagoon or perennial river located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Lindsay Lohan's Indian Journey is a 2010 British documentary film directed and produced by Maninderpal Sahota. It is presented and narrated by American actress and singer Lindsay Lohan. In the hour long documentary Lohan talks to victims of human trafficking in Delhi Kolkata and a village in West Bengal. She also talks to a former trafficker parents of trafficked children and visits the Sanlaap women's and children's shelter in Kolkata.
 The St. Lucie Village Historic District is a historic district located in St. Lucie Village Florida. The district runs from 2505 through 3305 North Indian River Drive. Out of the 50 structures lining the Indian River Drive 35 are of historical interest with the contributing structures ranging from Frame Vernacular to Late Victorian architecture. On December 1 1989 the historic district was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural and historical significance.
 Paul Y. Coble (born October 19 1953 in Raleigh North Carolina) served one term as Mayor of Raleigh from December 1999 to December 2001. In November 2006 Coble was elected to the Wake County Board of Commissioners and became Chairman of the board in December 2010. In 2011 Coble announced that he would run for the U.S. House in North Carolina's 13th congressional district.
 Qismat Apnay Haat Mein is the latest album produced by Shehzad Roy with the title song named as Qismat Apnay Haat Mein Shehzad Roy's sixth album released on July 25 2008 on Fire Records.
 Kondo is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Polyommatus abdon is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Aistleitner in 1994. It is found in Spain.
 Frederick Charles Alderdice (November 10 1872 - February 26 1936) was a Newfoundland businessman politician and the last Prime Minister of Newfoundland. A prominent St. John's businessman Alderdice was appointed to the Legislative Council of Newfoundland (the Upper House of the legislature) in 1924 and became leader of the Liberal-Conservative Progressive Party and the dominion's Prime Minister when his cousin Walter Stanley Monroe retired from the post on August 15 1928.
 Music For Strippers Hookers and The Odd On-Looker is the sixth album by Kristeen Young.
 The Peel River (Teetl'it Gwinjik in Gwich’in) is a tributary of the Mackenzie River in the Yukon and Northwest Territories in Canada. Its source is in the Ogilvie Mountains in the central Yukon at the confluence of the Ogilvie River and Blackstone River. Its main tributaries are:Ogilvie RiverBlackstone River (Canada)Hart RiverWind River (Yukon)Bonnet Plume RiverSnake River (Yukon)The Peel River joins the Mackenzie in the Mackenzie Delta.
 Babelomurex takahashii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Travellers by Night is an anthology of horror stories edited by August Derleth. It was released in 1967 by Arkham House in an edition of 2486 copies. None of the stories had been previously published.
 The White Feather is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published on 9 October 1907 by Adam & Charles Black London. It is set at Wrykyn school scene of Wodehouse's earlier book The Gold Bat (1904) and the later Mike (1909). Like many early Wodehouse novels the story first appeared as a serial in the boys' magazine The Captain between October 1905 and March 1906. The phrase white feather is a reference to cowardice.
 Eastern Condors (Chinese: 東方禿鷹) is a 1987 Hong Kong action film directed by Sammo Hung who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Yuen Biao Joyce Godenzi Yuen Wah Lam Ching-ying Yuen Woo-ping Corey Yuen and Billy Chow.It was set in the aftermath of the Vietnam War. Although set in Vietnam the most of the film was shot in the Philippines.
 The Pfänder is a mountain in western Austria close to Lake Constance (Bodensee). The town of Bregenz lies at the foot of the mountain on the shores of the lake.
 Constructive Destruction is the debut album of The Flying Luttenbachers released in 1994 through ugEXPLODE.
 The Long Short Cut is a novel by English author Paul Winterton using the pseudonym Andrew Garve. It has 192-pages and was published by Harper and Row in April 1968.It was the first book printed completely by electronically controlled typesetting (aka: electronic composition).
 Balancing Acts is a 2005 documentary film by Donna Schatz that chronicles the lives of Chinese acrobat Man-Fong Tong and his wife Magda Schweitzer a Jewish acrobat from Budapest Hungary. The two met in Europe on the eve of World War II. They were both at the peak of their careers performing at the Moulin Rouge and Cirque Medrano and alongside acts such as Maurice Chevalier and Bill 'Bojangles' Robinson.
 The Concorde ... Airport '79 is a 1979 American disaster film (in the UK it was released a year later as Airport '80: The Concorde). The film was the fourth and final installment of the Airport series. Panned by critics the film also flopped at the box office. Produced on a then high budget of $14 million it earned a little over $13 million thus ending the enormous financial success of the Airport franchise.
 Go Back is the first live album released by Brazilian rock band Titãs and the only one that has not been linked to MTV. It was recorded at the 1988 Montreux Jazz Festival. The band was introduced as: Titãs the best Brazilian rock band welcome to Montreaux Titãs! by the presenter of the festival as can be heard on the very beginning of the first track.
 Salubria Lodge No. 31 is an historic Masonic building located at 85 West Central Street corner of North 1st Street in Cambridge Washington County Idaho. Built in 1922 to replace an earlier 1902 frame building that burned it is a two-story building designed by Watkins and Thompson with a sloped roof over an attic space. The ground floor exterior is covered with nondescript gray plaster while the second-story exterior is of redbrick. The attic area has a wooden exterior.
 El Ciclón de Jalisco (The Cyclone of Jalisco) is a 1964 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Australia is a Thoroughbred racehorse trained by Irish trainer Aidan O'Brien. The colt was foaled on April 8 2011.
 Nanyang Siang Pau or Nanyang Business Daily (simplified Chinese: 南洋商报; traditional Chinese: 南洋商報; pinyin: Nányáng Shāngbào) was founded by philanthropist-entrepreneur Tan Kah Kee on 6 September 1923 in Singapore currently published in Malaysia. Nanyang Siang Pau is currently one of oldest Chinese-language newspapers in the country with only Kwong Wah Yit Poh being the longest-running Malaysia's Chinese newspaper.
 Zalma once known as Bollinger's Mill is a town on the banks of the winding Castor River at a point where the river makes a horseshoe bend in southern Bollinger County in southeast Missouri. When the railroad moved to town the name Bollinger's Mill was changed to Zalma after railroad worker Zalma Block.
 Sir Joshua Abraham Hassan GBE KCMG LVO GMH QC (21 August 1915 – 1 July 1997) nicknamed Salvador (Saviour) was a Gibraltarian politician and first Mayor and Chief Minister of Gibraltar serving four terms as Chief Minister for a total of 17 years. He is seen as the key figure in the civil rights movement in Gibraltar and played a key role in the creation of the territory's institutions of self-government.
 J.M. Aaroon Rashid (Hindi: जे एम हारून रशीद; born 13 May 1950) is an Indian politician and member of the Parliament of India representing the Theni Lok Sabha constituency. Aaron Rashid is a leader of Indian National Congress.
 Sikes Senter is a 670000 square foot shopping mall in Wichita Falls Texas. It is the only Texas mall within 100 miles of Wichita Falls. It is owned and managed by Rouse Properties.
 Thomas Tommy Rodney (June 4 1744 – January 2 1811) was an American lawyer and politician from Jones Neck in St. Jones Hundred Kent County Delaware and Natchez Mississippi. He was a Continental Congressman from Delaware and a member of the Democratic-Republican Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly as Justice of the Delaware Supreme Court and as federal judge for the Mississippi Territory. He was the younger brother of Caesar Rodney Revolutionary President of Delaware.
 For the famous diamond see Florentine Diamond.The Florentine is a 1999 film directed Nick Stagliano and produced by Francis Ford Coppola's American Zoetrope. It stars Jeremy Davies Virginia Madsen Luke Perry Mary Stuart Masterson Michael Madsen Chris Penn Hal Holbrook Tom Sizemore Maeve Quinlan James Belushi and Burt Young. The film was shot in the Lehigh Valley in Pennsylvania in the cities of Bethlehem Allentown Easton as well as nearby Hellertown.
 Camping Cosmos is a Belgian 1996 film sequel to La Vie sexuelle des Belges 1950-1978 directed by Jan Bucquoy. It stars Claude Semal Lolo Ferrari (Miss Vandeputte) Noël Godin (Pierre Mertens) Herman Brusselmans (Herman) and Arno (Harry).The movie's tagline is: Revolution football beer and frites. It is an unconventional and non-conformist story of the sexual habits of Belgians.
 Eisberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Fayette County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at 110 East Court Street in Washington Courthouse Ohio. On July 2 1973 it was added to the National Register.
 Tuatha de Danann is an demo album by folk metal band Tuatha de Danann released in 2001.
 Zarghun Ghar (Pashto: زرغون غر‎) or Zarghoon Mountains is a mountain range located in the east of Quetta District in Balochistan Province western Pakistan.
 Tännassilma is a village in Türi Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Enigma is a 2009 science-fiction short film. It is written and directed by the Shumway Brothers .
 Cinco minutos de amor (Five Minutes of Love) is a 1941 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Asbolis is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Light in the Forest is a 1958 film based on a novel of the same name first published in 1953 by U.S. author Conrad Richter. The film was produced by Walt Disney Productions and starred Fess Parker Joanne Dru James MacArthur and Wendell Corey. Though it is a work of fiction and primarily features fictional characters the novel incorporates several real people and facts from U.S.
 Maharot the second over-all album from the Filipino rock band Kamikazee. It has 15 tracks and released and also 1st album under Universal Records in 2006.
 Bielany [bjɛˈlanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Raciąż 33 km (21 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 95 km (59 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Code of the West is a 1947 American Western film directed by William Berke and starring James Warren Debra Alden and John Laurenz. Written by Norman Houston and based on the novel of the same name by Zane Grey the film is about two cowboys who come to the aid of a rancher whose land is being threatened by an unscrupulous businessman.
 The Bavispe sucker in Mexican matalote del Bavispe (Catostomus leopoldi) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Catostomidae family.It is found only in Mexico.
 Eriocharis richardii is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Dupont in 1838.
 Gruszka [ˈɡruʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płośnica within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Płośnica 10 km (6 mi) west of Działdowo and 70 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Bicyclus nobilis the Noble Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon and the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of wetter forests of good quality.
 The Watzmann (Austro-Bavarian: Watzmaun) is a mountain in the Bavarian Alps south of the village of Berchtesgaden.
 Joe Cocker – Classics Volume 4 is a greatest hits compilation for Joe Cocker released in 1987 by A&M Records as part of A&M's classics series of greatest hits albums for artists on its label. This compilation is label-exclusive. Therefore it only contains Joe Cocker's hits on the A&M label.
 Fixing Sex: Intersex Medical Authority and Lived Experience by Stanford anthropologist and bioethicist Katrina Karkazis was published in 2008. Described as thoughtful meticulous and an authoritative treatise on intersex the book examines the perspectives of intersex people their families and clinicians to offer compassionate look at the treatment of people born with atypical sex characteristics.
 Amatique Bay is a large bay in the Gulf of Honduras along the eastern coast of Guatemala and Belize. It stretches from Santo Tomás de Castilla in the south to Punta Gorda in the north. Its south-eastern limits are marked by a small peninsula known as Punta de Manabique where a $27 million gas terminal is planned (http://www.elperiodico.com.gt/es/20110519/economia/195588)Most of the bay is part of Guatemala while the northwestern portion is part of Belize.
 Equality is a short film by American filmmaker Al Sutton MD a documentary under the genre of human rights social issues history and news.
 Podule [pɔˈdulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Kulanjan is a 1999 album by blues artist Taj Mahal and Malian kora-player Toumani Diabaté.Mahal had first visited Mali in 1979 and the title of the album comes from the track Kulanjan from the 1970 album of kora music Ancient Strings by Toumani Diabaté's father Sidiki Diabaté.
 Mary J. Kincaid-Chauncey is a former Democratic politician from Nevada. Kincaid-Chauncey served on the Clark County Commission until she was defeated for reelection and subsequently convicted of federal corruption charges.
 Target: Harry (also known as How to Make It) is a 1969 thriller film directed by Roger Corman.
 Menokin also known as Francis Lightfoot Lee House was the home of Francis Lightfoot Lee near Warsaw Virginia. Lee was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence. Menokin was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS) documentation including photos from the 1940s shows the house standing and reported that it was in poor condition awaiting a restorer.
 The American Bride (Italian: La sposa americana) is a 1986 Italian romance film directed by Giovanni Soldati. It is based on the novel with the same name written by the director's father.
 Praetorian (2011) is the eleventh book in the Eagle series by Simon Scarrow.
 The Cubatão River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 A Philosophical Investigation is a 1992 techno-thriller by Philip Kerr.
 Lampsilis dolabraeformis is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States.
 Taro the Space Alien (Japanese: うちゅう人田中太郎 Hepburn: Uchūjin Tanaka Tarō) is a manga series created by Yasunari Nagatoshi. In 2000 the manga received the Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga.Viz Media is the licensor of the series in the United States. The series has not had a release in English.The series' protagonist is Takashi Horimachi (堀町タカシ Horimachi Takashi) a fifth grader at Anytown Elementary School.
 Shurabad-e Yek (Persian: شوراباد1‎ also Romanized as Shūrābād-e Yek; also known as Shūrābād) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Willard Leroy Phelps (born 23 October 1941) is a former Yukon politician who briefly served as Government Leader in 1985.
 Stowaway (simplified Chinese: 惊天大逃亡; traditional Chinese: 驚天大逃亡) alternatively known as Snakeheads is a 2001 Hong Kong action film based on the true story of a group of stowaways from Fuzhou illegally immigrating to the United Kingdom in 2000. In the incident 58 illegal immigrants suffocated to death in an airtight truck of tomatoes at Dover England on June 20 2000.
 Cosmopterix mneme is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Brazil (Bahia).Adults have been recorded in January.
 Walka (lit. Struggle) was a Polish-language newspaper published from Tel Aviv by the Communist Party of Israel 1958–1965. Its editor-in-chief was Adolf Berman. Whilst other Communist Party weeklies experienced a gradual decline in readership after 1956 Walka had a moderate growth as a result of the wave of immigration from Poland in 1961.
 Cacostatia acutipennis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Colombia.The wingspan is about 42 mm. The forewings are black-brown slightly glossed with blue. The hindwings are hyaline.
 Prime Evil is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Tagline: 'Infinity awaits an ancient evil'.
 The Chapel of the Good Shepherd is an historic church designed by architect Frederick Clarke Withers and built in 1888 located at 543 Main Street on Roosevelt Island in Manhattan New York United States. It was originally an Episcopal chapel but is now the Good Shepherd Community Ecumenical Center used for Episcopal worship services and by other groups.The chapel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and was restored in 2003.
 The Acharnians or Acharnians (Ancient Greek: Ἀχαρνεῖς Akharneîs; Attic: Ἀχαρνῆς) is the third play — and the earliest of the eleven surviving plays — by the Athenian playwright Aristophanes. It was produced in 425 BCE on behalf of the young dramatist by an associate Callistratus and it won first place at the Lenaia festival.
 Philaenus is a genus belonging to the family Aphrophoridae. The genus name Philaenus comes from the Greek philein meaning love.
 The Orange-Throated Sunangel (Heliangelus mavors) is a species of hummingbird.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Ironwood State Prison (ISP) is a state prison located south of Interstate 10 in a detached section of Blythe California that lies west of the main portion of the city. It is located in eastern Riverside County California adjacent to Chuckawalla Valley State Prison.
 Selfless is an upcoming drama film directed by Tarsem Singh and written by David Pastor and Àlex Pastor. The film stars Michelle Dockery Ryan Reynolds Ben Kingsley Victor Garber Matthew Goode Derek Luke and Natalie Martinez. The film is set to be released on February 27 2015.
 Waterville is a village in Oneida County New York United States. According to the 2010 census its population was 1583.
 Jean Pierre Duvieusart (10 April 1900 in Les Bons Villers – 10 October 1977 in Charleroi) was a Belgian Catholic politician of the PSC-CVP and minister of economy (1947–1950 1952–1954).
 Parornix anglicella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family.
 Koreh Jub (Persian: كره جوب‎ also Romanized as Koreh Jūb; also known as Kūreh Jūb) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Night Angels (Brazilian title: Anjos da Noite) is a 1987 Brazilian drama movie directed by Wilson Barros.
 The Capital Times is a free alternative weekly newspaper published in Wellington New Zealand since 1974. It focuses primarily on local events the arts scene and broader issues concerning the Wellington City region. It includes longrunning cartoon Jitterati by Grant Buist.
 The Hunt for the Unicorn Killer is a thriller/drama TV film that first aired in 1999 in two parts. It starred Kevin Anderson Naomi Watts and Tom Skerritt.Anderson plays 1970s activist and purported Earth Day co-founder Ira Einhorn who is charged with and later convicted in absentia of the murder of his girlfriend Holly Maddux (played by Watts). Skerritt plays Maddux's father who tries to bring Einhorn to justice.
 Greasy Truckers Live at Dingwalls Dance Hall is a 1974 live double album by various artists recorded at an October 1973 Greasy Truckers concert at the Dingwalls Dance Hall at Camden Lock in Camden Town London. The concert featured four bands Camel Henry Cow Global Village Trucking Company and Gong and was recorded on Virgin Records' Virgin Mobile.Notwithstanding its title not all the tracks on the album are from the Dingwells Dance Hall concert.
 Trevor Loke is a Canadian entrepreneur and Vancouver Park Board commissioner in the city of Vancouver British Columbia Canada.
 The Tavignano is a river on the island of Corsica France. Its source is in the mountainous middle of the island south of Monte Cinto. It flows generally east through Corte. It ends in the Tyrrhenian Sea near Aléria. Its entire course is in the Haute-Corse département.
 This article is about a building in Buffalo New York designed by Frank Lloyd Wright. For other similarly named buildings see Barton House (disambiguation).The George F. Barton House was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright built between 1903 & 1904 and is located at 118 Summit Avenue in Buffalo New York. The Barton House is part of the larger Darwin D.
 Félix François Faure (30 January 1841 – 16 February 1899) was President of France from 1895 until his death.
 Sadreh-ye Do (Persian: صدره دو‎ also Romanized as Şadreh-ye Do Sadreh-ye Do and Şedreh Do; also known as Sadreh Sadrehé Dowand Seyyed Sa‘dūn) is a village in Tarrah Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Goshen News is a six-day Wednesday through Monday daily newspaper serving Goshen Indiana and adjacent portions of Elkhart County Indiana. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
 AACN Nursing Scan in Critical Care was an critical care nursing journal published by NURSECOM Inc. for the American Association of Critical-Care Nurses.
 Aces Go Places 3 (Chinese: 最佳拍檔女皇密令) also known in the United States as Mad Mission 3: Our Man from Bond Street is a 1984 Hong Kong action-comedy film directed by Tsui Hark and starring Sam Hui and Karl Maka.
 Sinocoelacanthus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Triassic epoch.
 Cannon God Exaxxion (THE CANNON GOD EXAXXION 砲神エグザクソン Hōjin Eguzakuson) is a seven volume manga by Kenichi Sonoda that deals with Earth's fight against alien colonization with the help of giant robots and super powered battle suits.
 Lacs d'Étival are two lakes the small lake (petit lac) and the big lake (grand lac) at Étival in the Jura department of France. The lakes are part of the preserve Complexe des bois et du lac de l'Assencière .
 The Heart of the Matter (1948) is a novel by English author Graham Greene. The book details a life-changing moral crisis for Henry Scobie. Greene a British intelligence officer in Freetown Sierra Leone drew on his experience there. Although Freetown is not mentioned in the novel Greene confirms the location in his memoir Ways of Escape.The Heart of the Matter was enormously popular selling over 300000 copies in the United Kingdom upon its release.
 Northwest Branch Anacostia River is a 21.5-mile-long (34.6 km) free-flowing stream in Montgomery County and Prince George's County Maryland. It is a tributary of the Anacostia River which flows to the Potomac River and the Chesapeake Bay.
 Chaintri is a village in Abbottabad District in northeastern Pakistan. It lies to the northwest of Lakhala and to the northeast of Dairi. Chaintri is said to be noted for itswhite joria wool.
 Assoc. Prof. Dr. Yaacob bin Ibrahim (born 3 October 1955) is a Singaporean politician. A member of the governing People's Action Party (PAP) he is the country's Minister for Communications and Information and Minister-in-charge of Muslim Affairs.
 The Orojus is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 4.2 kilometres.
 Coiffaitarctia ockendeni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guyana Surinam the Amazon region Peru and Bolivia.
 Baryssinus chemsaki is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné in 1985.
 Lake Buchanan is a flat salt lake approximately 28 km long and 8 km wide at its widest point with a surface area of about 117 km². It is part of the Thomson River catchment and part of the Desert Uplands bioregion.Lake Buchanan is different from all other salt lakes in Australia because it occurs at a high elevation - on the Great Dividing Range. The lake is shallow and the water tends to be brackish.
 The Rua Augusta Arch is a stone triumphal arch-like historical building and visitor attraction in Lisbon Portugal on Commerce Square built to commemorate the city's reconstruction after the 1755 earthquake. It has six columns (some 11 m high) and is adorned with statues of various historical figures. Significant height from the arch crown to the cornice imparts an appearance of heaviness to the structure. The associated space is filled with the coat of arms of Portugal.
 The Andaman Palmking Amathusia andamanensis Frühstorfer 1899 is an endemic butterfly found in India that belongs to the Morphinae sub family of the Brush-footed butterflies family. The Andaman Palmking was earlier considered as a subspecies of the Palmking' i.e. Amathusia phidippus andamanica Frühstorfer.
 Ampheremus cylindricollis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Ampheremus.
 Inspector Canardo is a comic book series created by the Belgian artist Benoît Sokal.
 Concord Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving Elkhart Indiana. It opened in 1972 and is anchored by J. C. Penney Carson's and Hobby Lobby.
 Marrying Buddha is the second novel by Chinese author Wei Hui and is a sequel to her first published novel Shanghai Baby.
 Alter Ego is a double album by Tyrese. One CD features only R&B while the other CD features only rap. The rapping is by Tyrese under his alter ego Black-Ty.Guest features include: The Game Method Man Snoop Dogg Lil Scrappy Kurupt Too Short R. Kelly Lil Jon Mannie Fresh.The first single is One & the second single is Turn Ya Out which is produced by and features Lil Jon.The album was released in stores on December 12 2006.
 James Albert Faulkner MD (October 7 1877 – April 27 1944) was a Canadian medical practitioner public servant and a cabinet Minister in the Ontario government.
 Colias adelaidae is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in the East Palearctic (China Tibet).
 Puthen Veedu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 Larisa Miculet (Miculets) (born November 8 1957 in Plopi near town Rîbniţa Transnistria region Republic of Moldova) is a lawyer and Moldovan government official currently holding the position of the Deputy Permanent Representative at the Permanent Mission of the Republic of Moldova to the United Nations. Formerly for two years she was the Head of Personnel Legislation and Litigation Division at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Moldova.
 Tiller Church (Norwegian: Tiller kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the Tiller area in the city of Trondheim. The church is part of the Tiller parish in the Heimdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church was built in 1901. The church seats about 200 people. The church was almost totally destroyed in a fire on 9 September 2001.
 Intelligence and Sacrifice is a 2001 album by German recording artist Alec Empire. While by no means his first solo album it was his first full album since the demise of his former band Atari Teenage Riot and he regarded it as a new beginning stating that it feels like this is my first real album. This recording consists of two CDs each with a significantly different sound.
 808 is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Wilber Pan's (Chinese: 潘瑋柏) eighth studio album. It was released by Universal Music Taiwan on 14 January 2011.
 The Bunya Mountains are a distinctive set of peaks forming an isolated section of the Great Dividing Range in southern Queensland. The mountain range forms the northern edge of the Darling Downs near Bell and Dalby. The mountains are south of Kingaroy and just to the south west of Nanango. The range is the remains of a shield volcano which was built fromnumerous basalt lava flows about 23-24 million years ago.
 Werbe (Eder) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Sex is a Four Letter Word is a 1995 Australian film.It has been described as an Australian version of The Big Chill (1983).
 Mycteroplus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Afrocanthium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. It consists of deciduous unarmed trees and shrubs. They are native to East Africa from Sudan and Ethiopia to South Africa.
 Asaphocrita erae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
 St. Joseph's Home for the Aged (Chinese: 聖若瑟安老院) is located at No. 35 Clear Water Bay Road Ngau Chi Wan Wong Tai Sin New Kowloon Hong Kong. The site spans 230000 square feet (21000 m2).St. Joseph's Home for the Aged refers to a compound of historical buildings; more than 10 buildings at its peak. The site was not originally a home for the elderly but a villa (or storey-house) belonging to Mr. Chan Keng-Yu (Chinese: 陳賡如). This added historical significance to the compound as Mr.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album from Canadian singer and guitarist Kim Mitchell. The album was released in 1995.
 Saunders' Case Moth or Large Bagworm (Metura elongatus) is a moth of the Psychidae family. It is known from the eastern half of Australia including Tasmania.The wingspan is about 30 mm for males. Adult males have black wings an orange hairy head and a black and orange banded abdomen. Female adults have no wings and remain in the larval case. They are white with a brown head and reach a length of about 30 mm.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church is an historic red brick Gothic Revival church located at 210 Lauderdale Street in Selma Dallas County Alabama United States. The parish was established in 1838 and its original sanctuary building was burned on April 2 1865 during the Battle of Selma with credit for that act going to Union General James H. Wilson.
 From Below is the third album by Canadian indie rock band Our Mercury released in 2005 on Smallman Records.
 Stenoodes jeanneli is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Stenoodes.
 The Nasty Girl (German: Das schreckliche Mädchen) is a 1990 West German drama film based on the true story of Anna Rosmus from Passau Bavaria. The original German title loosely translates as The Terrible Girl.
 Too Young To Marry is a 2007 television film about romance drama and comedy. It involves two 17-year old teenagers named Max Doyle (Dillon Casey) and Jessica Carpenter (Nina Dobrev). When the two think that they are in love they decide to get married despite their parents' disapproval. Shortly after the two begin to realize they have very different views on the future.The film was directed by Michel Poulette and based on a story by Elle Triedman.
 Narayan Khola is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3309 people living in 561 individual households.
 Eburiola geminata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Eburiola.
 Khorram Daraq (Persian: خرمدرق‎) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 64 families.
 The Flavor of Corn (Italian: Il sapore del grano; also known in English as The Taste of Wheat) is a 1986 Italian coming-of-age film. Written and directed by Gianni Da Campo the film stars Lorenzo Lena and Marco Mestriner and follows the story of a same-sex romance that develops between a young professor and his 12-year-old student.
 1839 Metre Summit (1839峰 Ippasankyu-mētoru-hō) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Danzig 4 is the fourth studio album by Danzig. It was released in 1994 on American Recordings following 1993's highly successful Thrall: Demonsweatlive EP and singer Glenn Danzig's 1992 instrumental solo effort Black Aria.
 Karen Leinani Awana is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Hawaii House of Representatives since January 16 2013 representing District 43. Awana served consecutively from January 2007 until 2013 in the District 44 seat. Awana changed parties December 19 2007.
 Bayou Country is the second studio album by American rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival released by Fantasy Records in January 1969 and was the first of three albums CCR released in that year (see 1969 in music). The album was remastered and reissued on 180 Gram Vinyl by Analogue Productions in 2006.
 Hussein Ali Mwinyi (born 23 December 1966) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Kwahani constituency since 2005. He is the current Minister of Defence and National Service.
 Lonesome Jim is a 2005 American comedy/drama film directed by Steve Buscemi. Filmed mostly in the city of Goshen Indiana the film stars Casey Affleck as a chronically depressed aspiring novelist who moves back into his parents' home after failing to make it in New York City.
 William A. Will Barclay (born January 5 1969) is a Republican member of the New York State Assembly representing the 120th Assembly District which includes Oswego New York and portions of Onondaga Jefferson and Oswego counties.Barclay was born in Syracuse New York. He earned his B.A. from St. Lawrence University in 1992 and his Juris Doctor from Syracuse University College of Law in 1995.
 The Wakefield Express is the newspaper serving the City of Wakefield district in West Yorkshire England. It was established in 1852 and was the subject of a centenary film produced by Lindsay Anderson in 1952. The newspaper is owned by Johnston Press and edited by Mark Bradley.After 155 years of publication as a broadsheet it changed to a tabloid format in March 2007.
 Kawa Garbo or Khawa Karpo (Tibetan: ཁ་བ་དཀར་པོ། ZYPY: Kawagarbo; also transcribed as Kawadgarbo Khawakarpo Moirig Kawagarbo Kawa Karpo or Kha-Kar-Po) as it is known by local residents and pilgrims or Kawagebo Peak (Chinese: 卡瓦格博) is the highest mountain in the Chinese province of Yunnan. It is located on the border between Dêqên County Yunnan and the counties of Zogang and Zayü of the Tibet Autonomous Region.
 Viruthan Shanku (Malayalam: വിരുതൻ ശങ്കു) is a 1968 Malayalam comedy film directed by P. Venu starring Adoor Bhasi and Ambika in the lead roles.
 Ozolnieki is a village in Latvia the administrative centre of Ozolnieki municipality. The village located at Iecava river approximately 36 km (22 mi) from the capital Riga and 6 km (4 mi) from city Jelgava.
 Sefid Kamar (Persian: سفيدكمر‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Kamar; also known as Asem Kamar Esmīshamr Ismichamr’ and Ismishamar) is a village in Mishu-e Jonubi Rural District Sufian District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 648 in 189 families.
 Terkhiin Tsagaan Lake (Mongolian: Тэрхийн Цагаан нуур) also known as White Lake is a lake in the Khangai Mountains in central Mongolia. The Khorgo volcano is located near the eastern end of the lake and the Suman River springs from lake.In February 2011 it was a featured get away location on CNN.com.
 Ye Xuanping (simplified Chinese: 叶选平; traditional Chinese: 葉選平; Mandarin Pinyin: Yè Xuǎnpíng; Jyutping: Yip6 Syun2 Peng4; born November 1924 in Guangzhou Guangdong) is the former Governor of Guangdong province in the People's Republic of China. He is the son of Ye Jianying Vice-Chairman of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference 1991-2003.
 Piz Saluver (3161 m) is a mountain of the Albula Alps located west of Celerina in the canton of Graubünden. It lies between the Val Bever and the Val Saluver both part of the Engadin.
 Branitsa is a village in the municipality of Harmanli in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Coturnicops is a genus of bird in the rail family. It contains the following species: Swinhoe's Rail Coturnicops exquisitus Yellow Rail Coturnicops noveboracensis Speckled Crake Coturnicops notatus↑
 In the Middle of Nowhere is the fourth studio album by Modern Talking released on November 10 1986 in Germany and in other territories. The album contains the international hit single Geronimo's Cadillac which has managed to enter the top-5 in Germany and Austria while entering the top-10 in many others including Switzerland Sweden and Norway.The album In the Middle of Nowhere released through Hansa Records and distributed by Ariola BMG entered the No.
 Małe Osiedle [ˈmawɛ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Oshawa Centre is a two-storey shopping mall located in the City of Oshawa Ontario Canada. It is the largest mall in Ontario east of Toronto. The Oshawa Centre is owned and managed by Ivanhoe Cambridge. The Oshawa Centre has over 230 stores.
 Cerro Castor is a ski resort (coordinates: 54°43'26.04S 68°1'1.35W) on the southern slope of Mount Krund 26 km from the city of Ushuaia in the Argentine province of Tierra del Fuego. Its tracks can be used during several months because of the cold weather of the region. The standard season takes place between June and October and it is thanks to the geographic location the longest among the main ski centers in Argentina. Cerro Castor is the southernmost ski resort in the world.
 The Bean-caper Hawkmoth (Hyles zygophylli) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in western and eastern Turkey Armenia eastern Transcaucasia Daghestan northern Syria northern Iran Turkmenistan Kazakhstan Uzbekistan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan and northern Afghanistan. It is also found from western northern and central Xinjiang Province east to Shaanxi Province and north to Mongolia. There is one record of a vagrant from Croatia.The wingspan is 60–75 mm.
 İrsen Küçük (born 1940) was the Prime Minister of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. He is the nephew of Republic of Cyprus's first Vice-President Dr Fazıl Küçük.
 Bitch is an independent quarterly magazine published in Portland Oregon. Its tagline is feminist response to pop culture. Bitch is published by the multimedia non-profit organization Bitch Media. The magazine includes analysis of current political events social and cultural trends television shows movies books music advertising and artwork from a feminist perspective and has about 50000 readers.
 Budków [ˈbutkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Wola Krzysztoporska 14 km (9 mi) west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 70.
 Basit Jehangir Sheikh(Urdu: با سط جہا نگیر شيخ‎)13 April 1949 - 20 October 2010) was a Pakistani politician who served as the First District President PPP District Kasur. He was an active leader in politics. He was one of the youngest founding member Pakistan Peoples Party of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto.
 Manzariyeh (Persian: منظريه‎ also Romanized as Manẓarīyeh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tahrak Mahalleh (Persian: طاهرك محله‎ also Romanized as Ţāhrak Maḩalleh; also known as Tārīk Maḩalleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 31 families.
 St. Louisville is a village in Licking County Ohio United States along the North Fork of the Licking River. The population was 373 at the 2010 census.
 Love Will See You Through is the first album by the rock group Phil Lesh and Friends. It is also known as Highlights Volume One.
 Mars Needs Women is an American International Pictures science fiction film made for TV by schlock artist/auteur Larry Buchanan was filmed in 1966 and released in 1967. The film features Tommy Kirk Yvonne Craig and Byron Lord. It was shot during a two-week period in Richardson and Dallas Texas but portrayed as Houston Texas.
 Still the scraps of prison (Persian: هنوز هم؛ ورق پاره های زندان  hanooz ham‎; varagh parehaye zendan) is a 2005 political memoir written by Amir-Abbas Fakhravar based on his experiences in prisons in Iran.
 First Aid Kit is the second full-length studio album by Disco Ensemble originally released in 2005 in Finland by Fullsteam Records. In 2006 it was reissued as a worldwide release by Universal Music Group. Four songs were rerecorded for this reissue and it also included one additional track Eyes of a Ghost from the Black Euro CD single. A Japanese version was also released which included five bonus tracks.
 This article is about a Japanese film. For the J-pop group see Tanpopo.Tampopo (タンポポ Tanpopo literally dandelion) is a 1985 Japanese comedy film by director Juzo Itami starring Tsutomu Yamazaki Nobuko Miyamoto Kōji Yakusho and Ken Watanabe. The publicity for the film calls it the first ramen western a play on the term Spaghetti Western (films about the American Old West made by Italian production studios).
 Fjala e Lirë is a newspaper published in Albania.
 The Bridgeton House on the Delaware was built in 1836 as a private residence along the Delaware River in Bucks County Pennsylvania. The building has served as an luxury inn for many years but throughout its long history has served as a general store bakery pool hall real estate offices and apartments. The inn witnessed the Flood of 1903 in which the Delaware River swept away the wooden bridge that connected the village of Upper Black Eddy Pennsylvania to Milford New Jersey.
 Buszęcin [buˈʂɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Kamień Pomorski and 56 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Fort Ticonderoga formerly Fort Carillon is a large 18th-century star fort built by the French at a narrows near the south end of Lake Champlain in upstate New York in the United States. It was constructed by Canadien Michel Chartier de Lotbinière Marquis de Lotbinière between 1754 and 1757 during the Seven Years' War often referred to as the French and Indian War in the US.
 Kahtar (Persian: كهتر‎; also known as Kotar) is a village in Parsinah Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 26 families.
 Zagórze [zaˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Lubrza 14 km (9 mi) west of Świebodzin 38 km (24 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 53 km (33 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 130.
 Richmond McDavid Flowers Sr. (November 11 1918 – August 9 2007) was from 1963 to 1967 the Attorney General of the U.S. state of Alabama best known for his opposition to then Governor George C. Wallace's policy of racial segregation.
 Nosków [ˈnɔskuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaraczewo within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Jaraczewo 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Jarocin and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 960.
 One Bullet Away: The Making of a Marine Officer is an autobiography by Nathaniel Fick published by Houghton-Mifflin in 2005. An account of Nathaniel Fick's time in the United States Marine Corps it begins with his experiences at Officer Candidate's School in Quantico Virginia and details his deployments to Afghanistan and Iraq during the War on Terror.In 2006 Recorded Books published an unabridged audiobook edition (ISBN 978-1-41937595-8) narrated by Andy Paris.
 Fallbach (Kinzig) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Thunder Seven is an album by the Canadian Heavy Metal band Triumph released in November 1984. It was the band's seventh studio album. The second half of the album follows a concept based on various time-related themes.The album was certified gold in the US by the RIAA with sales of over 500000 copies on April 21 2003 almost nineteen years after its initial release.Follow Your Heart was the band's highest charting single of the time reaching #88 in both the UK and the US.
 Basta't Kasama Kita (As Long As I'm With You) is a 1995 Filipino film produced by Star Cinema directed by Rory Quintos.
 Del's is a brand of frozen lemonade typically found in Rhode Island and southeastern Massachusetts during the summer months. Del's has locations in 12 states and the Virgin Islands. Frozen lemonade is a kind of slush. It is made from crushed ice lemons and sugar. In Rhode Island and southeastern Massachusetts Del's is synonymous with frozen lemonade.
 Denny Chimes is a 115-foot (35 m) tall campanile tower on the south side of The Quad at the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa Alabama. The tower was named in honor of George H. Denny who served as university president from 1912 to 1936 and then again in 1941. It is equipped with a 25-bell carillon. The tower is one of the most visible landmarks on campus.
 Matteo Fiorini (born February 10 1978) is a Sammarinese politician who was a Captain Regent (head of government for San Marino) for the October 2011 to April 2012 political term. The post was shared with Gabriele Gatti.
 The Little River is a 7.6-mile-long (12.2 km) tributary of Goosefare Bay in the U.S. state of Maine. It rises in Biddeford and flows southeast becoming the boundary between Biddeford and Kennebunkport for the final 2.8 miles (4.5 km) of its course. It empties into Goosefare Bay on the Atlantic Ocean at the east end of Kennebunkport's Goose Rocks Beach.During part of the 1800s a seasonal water-powered sawmill operated near what is now known as Timber Point.
 A Sucked Orange is an album by Nurse With Wound consisting of 29 mostly brief unused pieces elements or alternate versions of tracks from Nurse With Wound's recording career up to 1988.
 My Revenge on the World is the second album and first EP by Jennifer Parkin's project Ayria released in 2005 on the Alfa Matrix label.
 The Shops at Sunset Place is an outdoor shopping mall in South Miami Florida at the intersection of South Dixie Highway (US 1) and Red Road (West 57th Avenue). The mall opened in 1999 and is owned and managed by the Simon Property Group.The Shops at Sunset Place is serviced by the Miami Metrorail at the South Miami station.
 Rugare Gumbo (born 8 March 1940) is a Zimbabwean politician. He was Minister of Economic Development from 2005 to 2007 and Minister of Agriculture from 2007 to 2009.Gumbo was appointed as Minister of Economic Development in April 2005 following the March 2005 parliamentary election; this appointment involved splitting a new Ministry of Economic Development from the old Ministry of Finance and Economic Development.
 The Tetraodontiformes are an order of highly derived ray-finned fish also called the Plectognathi. Sometimes these are classified as a suborder of the Perciformes. The Tetraodontiformes are represented by 10 families and about 360 species overall; most are marine and dwell in and around tropical coral reefs but a few species are found in freshwater streams and estuaries. They have no close relatives and descend from a line of coral-dwelling species that emerged around 40 million years ago.
 Sułowo [suˈwɔvɔ] (German Schulen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Provision is the third album by the British pop group Scritti Politti release in June 1988.The album was the band's second top ten hit in the UK reaching #8 and was certified Gold by the BPI for 100000 copies shipped.The track Oh Patti (Don't Feel Sorry for Loverboy) features Miles Davis on trumpet whose 1986 album Tutu included a cover of Scritti Politti's Perfect Way from Cupid & Psyche 85. The track Boom! There She Was features Roger Troutman on talk box vocals.
 Hypectopa ornithograpta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.
 Theodore Rex also known as T. Rex is a 1995 buddy cop/science fiction/family film written and directed by Jonathan Betuel and starring Whoopi Goldberg. Though originally intended for theatrical release the film went direct-to-video and consequently became the most expensive direct-to-video film ever made at the time of its release.The film was not well received and saw Whoopi Goldberg being nominated for Worst Actress at the 1996 Golden Raspberry Awards (as well as for Bogus and Eddie).
 Bromaghin Peak at 10225 feet (3117 m) above sea level is the fourth highest peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is in Sawtooth National Recreation Area about 0.6 miles (0.97 km) north-northwest of the range's highest point Saviers Peak. The peak is named for Captain Ralph Bromaghin who was a member of the 10th Mountain Division and a Sun Valley ski instructor who died in World War II.
 Booky and the Secret Santa is a 2007 Canadian family television movie starring Rachel Marcus and Megan Follows. Directed by Peter Moss from a book adapted by Joe Wiesenfeld and written by Bernice Thurman Hunter. The movie first aired December 11 2007 on CBC Television. A prequel set five years before 2006's Booky Makes Her Mark all the juvenile roles were recast.
 The Nevada–California–Oregon Railway Passenger Station (also known as the Lakeview Depot) is a historic train station in Lakeview Oregon United States. It was built in 1912 by contractor I. A. Underwood from plans by architect Frederic DeLongchamps. It was the northern terminus of the Nevada–California–Oregon Railway. The Southern Pacific Railroad company owned and operated the depot from 1928 until 1975 when it was closed.
 The Tepui Brush Finch (Atlapetes personatus) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.It is found in Brazil Guyana and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Griffintown Horse Palace is a stable in the Griffintown district in Montreal Quebec Canada which dates back to around 1860. For three decades the stables were run by former Goose Village resident iceman and calèche driver Leo Leonard also known locally as Clawhammer Jack. Leonard who was reported to be the last Irish Quebecer left in Griffintown retired and moved to Nun's Island in 2011.
 For the trilobite see Paradoxides.Paradoxus is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Samuel W. Randolph was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
 Cappahosic House also known as Baytop House and Cappahosic Ferry House is a historic home located near Gloucester Gloucester County Virginia. It was built about 1751 and is a two-story three bay brick dwelling in the Georgian style. It has a basement and is topped by a standing seam jerkinhead red tin roof. The main block is connected in the rear to a two-story modern addition. Also on the property are contributing archaeological deposits dating principally to the 18 and 19centuries.
 Alexander Gordon Stephen JP (14 September 1862 – 27 August 1924) was the chief manager of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation.He was born in Banff Aberdeenshire on 14 September 1862. After he served an apprenticeship at the Town and Country Bank in Aberdeen he joined the London office of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation in 1882. He arrived in Hong Kong on 27 August 1885.
 The Joseph Giraud House at 442 Flint St. in Reno Nevada United States is a historic house that was designed by prominent Nevada architect Frederick DeLongchamps and was built in 1914. Also known as the Hardy House it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It was deemed significant for its architecture and for its association with sheeprancher Joseph Giraud and businessman Roy Hardy.
 The Retz's Helmetshrike (Prionops retzii) is a species of bird in the helmetshrike family Prionopidae formerly usually included in the Malaconotidae.It is found in Angola Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Somalia South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Rehearsing a Dream is a short documentary directed and produced by four time Academy Award nominees Karen Goodman and Kirk Simon. Cinematography by Buddy Squires and Steve McCarthy edited by Nancy Baker and a Production of Simon & Goodman Picture Company.
 Rafsnyder-Welsh House is a historic home located in the Rittenhouse Square East neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The original house was built about 1855 as a typical brick Philadelphia rowhouse consisting of a front building piazza and back building. It was extensively remodeled and enlarged to its present form in 1893-1894.
 Sırçalı Medrese(literally Glazed medrese) is a 13th-century medrese (Islamic school) located in Konya Turkey.
 Crime Busters (Italian: I due superpiedi quasi piatti also known as Trinity: In Trouble Again and Two Supercops) is an Italian action-comedy movie directed in 1977 by E.B. Clucher.It was one of the three movies awarded with the Golden Screen Award in 1977 along with The Exorcist and The Towering Inferno.
 Pic de Finestrelles is a mountain of Catalonia. Located in the Pyrenees in the area bordering France and Spain it has an altitude of 2826 metres (9272 ft) above sea level.
 For the Arena in Debrecen Hungary see Fonix Hall.For the replica temple in Hawaii see Byodo-In Temple.Byōdō-in (平等院) is a Buddhist temple in the city of Uji in Kyoto Prefecture Japan. It is jointly a temple of the Jōdo-shū (Pure Land) and Tendai-shū sects.
 Bayram Kandi (Persian: بايرام كندي‎ also Romanized as Bāyrām Kandī) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 354 in 59 families.
 Sheboygan Light Power and Railway Company Car #26 is a historic interurban railway car.The car was built in 1908 by the Cincinnati Car Company. It operated around Sheboygan Wisconsin until the 1930s.Car #26 is part of the East Troy Electric Railroad Museum. The car was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Quzluy-e Olya (Persian: قوزلوي عليا‎ also Romanized as Qūzlūy-e ‘Olyā; also known as Qowzlū-ye Bālā and Qozlū-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District Keshavarz District Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 42 families.
 The Halifax Range is a small mountain range on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada adjacent to Johnstone Strait between Amor de Cosmos Creek and Pye Creek. It consists of hills and has an area of 51 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Dhahran Tower is a tall building situated at Khobar Saudi Arabia. It is a multi-use building.
 Ancylis upupana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in most of Europe (except Iceland Ireland the Iberian Peninsula and most of the Balkan Peninsula) east to Russia and China.The wingspan is 13–20 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Ulmus Betula and Quercus. They spin a folded leaf or multiple leaves together into a pod and feed from within. It partly skeletonises the leaves.
 Brachyamblyopus brachysoma is a species of goby native to fresh and brackish waters of southern and southeastern Asia and possibly occurring in Africa and the Persian Gulf. This species grows to a length of 10.5 centimetres (4.1 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Le som en fotomodell (’Smile Like a Model’) is a studio album made by Swedish punk band De Lyckliga Kompisarna. The album was released in 1991 and was the first of DLK's four studio albums.
 Mirakeh-ye Qaleh Qazi (Persian: ميركه قلعه قاضي‎ also Romanized as Mīrakeh-ye Qal‘eh Qāẕī; also known as Mīrageh-ye Qal‘eh Qāẕī and Mīrakeh) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 39 families.
 A Symphony of Hits is the ninth album by Australian pop vocal group Human Nature. The album includes reworking of some of their past hits and several new cover versions all with arrangements by Prague Philharmonic Orchestra.
 Back 2 tha Clap is an album by rapper Kokane released on July 18 2006.
 Rudno Jeziorowe [ˈrudnɔ jɛʑɔˈrɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-west of Przasnysz and 103 km (64 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Tha Funk Capital of the World is the thirteenth studio album by American funk musician Bootsy Collins released on April 26 2011 by Mascot Records. It features an array of Bootsy's friends and colleagues including Chuck D Snoop Dogg and Bootsy's one time Parliament and P-Funk bandmates George Clinton and Bernie Worrell. The album has one single: Don't Take My Funk featuring Catfish Collins and Bobby Womack.
 Garrison Hill Tower is a 76-foot-tall (23 m) observatory atop Garrison Hill (298 feet (91 m) high) in Dover New Hampshire United States. The current tower made of iron painted green was built in 1993 and is the third tower to exist on the hill. It is on the National Register of Historical Places for Strafford County New Hampshire.
 MJT + 3 is an album by MJT + 3 recorded in 1960 for Vee-Jay Records.
 Zero Zero Zero is the title of the second compilation album by Sam Phillips released in 1998 on Virgin Records.
 Endoclita minanus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Fujian China.
 More Light is the debut album by alternative rock band J Mascis + The Fog released on October 24 2000. The album was recorded and mixed at Bob's Place Mascis's home studio in his native Amherst Massachusetts. The album title was inspired by the Hindu hugging saint Ammachi (also referenced on Ammaring). It features Kevin Shields of My Bloody Valentine as well as Guided By Voices frontman Robert Pollard on some songs.
 Simena is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Aventine is the second studio album by Danish singer-songwriter Agnes Obel.
 Teenuse is a village in Märjamaa Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 Michael G. Bellotti (born March 21 1963 in Boston Massachusetts) is an American politician who is the current Sheriff of Norfolk County Massachusetts and a former member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
 Barnegat Bay is a small brackish arm of the Atlantic Ocean approximately 30 miles (50 km) long along the coast of Ocean County New Jersey in the United States. It is separated from the Atlantic by a long barrier peninsula as well as by the north end of Long Beach Island. The bay is fed by several small rivers including the Toms River and Metedeconk River which empty into the bay through small estuaries along its inner shore.
 Schinia diffusa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America including Colorado and Texas.The wingspan is 23–28 mm.The larvae feed on Machaeranthera annua.
 Harmon Cobblestone Farmhouse and Cobblestone Smokehouse is a historic home located at Phelps in Ontario County New York. The farmhouse was constructed in 1842 and is an example of vernacular Greek Revival style cobblestone domestic architecture. The house consists of a 2-story three-bay side-hall main block with a 1 1⁄2-story north wing and 1-story east wing. The exterior walls are built primarily of small red oval lake washed cobbles.
 Amar Sangi is a 1987 Bengali film directed by Sujit Guha produced by Dipti Pal.The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Vijeta Pandit in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Bappi Lahiri.This is Biggest Blockbuster film and also the remarkable film for Bengali film Industry.
 St Mary's Church Rhodogeidio is a small medieval church dating from the 15th century near Llannerch-y-medd in Anglesey north Wales. It served as a chapel of ease to another church in the area St Ceidio's.
 Stary Lubiel [ˈstarɨ ˈlubjɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Rząśnik 20 km (12 mi) north of Wyszków and 68 km (42 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Temptation Island is a 2011 Philippine comedy drama film directed by Chris Martinez produced by Jose Mari Abacan and released by GMA Films and Regal Films. The film is a remake of the 1980 film of the same name.
 Jaroszewice Rychwalskie [jarɔʂɛˈvit͡sɛ rɨxˈfalskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychwał within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Rychwał 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Konin and 92 km (57 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 El Perro del Mar is the second album by El Perro del Mar. It was released in 2006. The first single is God Knows (You Gotta Give to Get) released June 19 2006.
 The Stomachetosellidae is a family within the bryozoan order Cheilostomata. Colonies are encrusting on shells and rocks or upright bilaminar branches or sheets. The zooids generally have at least one adventitious avicularia on their frontal wall near the orifice. The frontal wall is usually covered with small pores and numerous larger pores along the margin.
 Gordlidan (Persian: گردليدان‎ also Romanized as Gordlīdān and Gerd Līdān; also known as Bord Līdān) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 19 families.
 Dead Calm is a 1963 novel by Charles F. Williams which was the basis for the unreleased film The Deep (by Orson Welles) and the later film Dead Calm (by Phillip Noyce). It is the sequel to Williams' lesser-known 1960 romantic thriller Aground.
 Kamøyfjorden (Northern Sami: Gáhpevuotna) is a fjord on the northeastern side of the large island of Magerøya in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 14-kilometre (8.7 mi) long fjord runs from the Barents Sea southwest with two smaller fjords that branch off: the Skipsfjorden flowing to the south and the Duksfjorden flowing to the west.The mouth of the fjord spans between Beinviknæringen in the northwest and the Helnes Lighthouse in the southeast.
 Animal Instinct is the title of the 1993 début release by instrumental rock guitarist Gary Hoey. The album featured his version of the hit Hocus Pocus originally done by 1970s Dutch progressive rock band Focus. His band at the time consisted of a few notable names of 1980s hard rock including ex-Firm bassist Tony Franklin keyboardist Claude Schnell (ex-Dio) and drummer Frankie Banali (ex-Quiet Riot).
 Sebastien Grainger & The Mountains is the second studio album and first LP by Sebastien Grainger. The album was originally released in 2008.
 Astrosansonia dautzenbergi is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pickworthiidae.
 Bank Holiday is a 1938 British drama film directed by Carol Reed and starring John Lodge Margaret Lockwood Hugh Williams and Kathleen Harrison. On a 1930s Bank Holiday weekend a number of people rush for trains to head to the seaside.
 The Jacaré River (Sergipe Piauí River) is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Killer Adios (also known as Killer Goodbye Winchester Justice ad Winchester One of One Thousand ) is a 1968 Italian spaghetti western directed by Primo Zeglio.
 The Royal Museum of Fine Arts Antwerp (Dutch: Koninklijk Museum voor Schone Kunsten Antwerpen) is a museum in Antwerp Belgium founded in 1810 houses a collection of paintings sculptures and drawings from the fourteenth to the twentieth centuries. This collection is representative of the artistic production and the taste of art enthusiasts in Antwerp Belgium and the Northern and Southern Netherlands since the 15th century.
 Tapoban is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1841 people living in 305 individual households.
 Frenzy is a 1972 British crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The penultimate feature film of his extensive career it is often considered by critics and scholars to be his last great film before his death. The screenplay by Anthony Shaffer was based on the novel Goodbye Piccadilly Farewell Leicester Square by Arthur La Bern.The film stars Jon Finch Alec McCowen and Barry Foster and features Billie Whitelaw Anna Massey Barbara Leigh-Hunt Bernard Cribbins and Vivien Merchant.
 Eumorpha drucei is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Ecuador.The length of the forewings is about 40 mm. The upperside of the body is similar to Eumorpha analis but the ground colour is deeper olive green. There is a narrower pale dorsal line on the abdomen as well as larger and darker patches. The hindwing upperside inner margin is pink with a black discal spot.The larvae probably feed on grape or vine species.
 The Lodge is the official residence of the Prime Minister of Australia in the national capital Canberra. It is located at 5 Adelaide Avenue Deakin. It is one of two official Prime Ministerial residences the other being Kirribilli House in Sydney.
 34 Montagu Square is the address of a London ground floor and basement flat once leased by Beatles member Ringo Starr during the mid-1960s. Its location is 1.3 miles (2.09 km) from the Abbey Road Studios where the Beatles recorded. Many rich and titled people have lived at the address including a British Member of Parliament Richard-Hanbury Gurney and the daughter of the Marquess of Sligo Lady Emily Charlotte Browne.
 The Benson Tower is a residential high-rise building located in downtown Portland Oregon United States. It stands at a height of 250 feet (76 meters) and was completed in late 2007.It was named after the historic timber baron Simon Benson as the tower was built on the site of his original residence. The Benson Tower has 26 floors and features 58 single bedroom condominiums 92 two bedroom condominiums and 6 penthouses.
 The Chief is a 2003 biographical one-man play about the Pittsburgh Steelers' founder and owner Art Rooney (1901–1988). The Pittsburgh Public Theater show has had several revivals since its inauguration with each production performed by Pittsburgh native Tom Atkins.
 Union Lookout is a lookout tower located within Trail of Tears State Forest in Union County Illinois United States. The Civilian Conservation Corps built the tower circa 1934 as part of a network of fire lookout towers in Shawnee National Forest; the fire towers were one of many CCC conservation projects in the forest which also included planting trees constructing bridges and trails and preventing erosion.
 Manzonia bacalladoi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Ahle is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Lanistes neavei is a species of large freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk with a gill and an operculum in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.
 Neck Canal of 1730 is a historic navigation channel located at Marcy in Oneida County New York. It comprised the extant remains of a canal dug in 1730 to improve navigation along the Mohawk River. It was a short hand dug channel cut across one of the many oxbows that once characterized the river in the 18th and 19th century. The channel was three feet deep 20 feet wide and 200 feet long.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Kamieniec [kaˈmjɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Szczawin Kościelny 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Gostynin and 96 km (60 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Vassnebba or Grånebba is a mountain on the border of the municipalities of Sunndal and Surnadal in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It lies on the western border of the Trollheimen mountain range just southwest of the Todalsfjorden and the village of Todalsøra and southeast of the village of Ålvund. The mountain is easily accessed from both sides summer and winter.
 Hazen Bay is a 10-mile-wide (16 km) bay of the Bering Sea in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is located 37 miles southeast of Hooper Bay and was named for Gen. William Babcock Hazen U.S. Army Chief Signal Officer in 1878 by E. W. Nelson of the United States Signal Services.
 Solid Gold 70 is the title of a recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins released in 1970. The cover and track listing of this album are identical to the Solid Gold 69 album. Solid Gold 70 was issued in England after being issued in the US. England didn't issue the Solid Gold 68 album but evidently decided to issue the '69 issue in 1970 so they changed the '69 to '70.The liner notes were written by Donovan.
 Story of a Discharged Prisoner (英雄本色; lit. True Colors of a Hero) also called Upright Repenter is a 1967 Hong Kong film directed by Patrick Lung Kong.The film partially inspired the 1986 John Woo film A Better Tomorrow which has the same Chinese name.
 Demon Knight (also known as Tales from the Crypt Presents: Demon Knight) is a 1995 comedy horror film directed by Ernest Dickerson starring Billy Zane William Sadler and Jada Pinkett Smith. Brenda Bakke CCH Pounder Dick Miller and Thomas Haden Church co-star.Demon Knight is a feature-length film presented by the HBO series Tales from the Crypt and features scenes with the Crypt Keeper (voiced by John Kassir as in the series) at the beginning and end of the film.
 Tarababad (Persian: تراب اباد‎ also Romanized as Tarābābād) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Junaid Akbar (جنید اکبر) is a Pakistani politician and social worker. He was born in Thana Malakand District Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
 Mark Antony is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2000.
 Serendipity 3 often written Serendipity III is a restaurant located at 225 East 60th Street between Second and Third avenues in New York City founded by Stephen Bruce in 1954. The restaurant has been the scene of several films including the 2001 romantic comedy Serendipity.The restaurant offers a full menu but is well known for its foot-long hot dogs and frozen drinks particularly its trademark Frrrozen Hot chocolate.
 Amsactoides solitaria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Wileman in 1910. It is found in Taiwan.
 The Qing Ding Pearl (《慶頂珠》 simplified 庆顶珠) is a Chinese play. It dates back to the Song Dynasty and is still performed in adapted forms in the Beijing Opera.The play is known by other titles: Two sections (折 zhe) of the main play are sometimes performed separately as The Fisherman's Revenge《漁夫恨》 or A Fisherman Kills a Family (《打漁殺家》 simplified 打渔杀家 dayu sha jia)also Collecting the Fishing Tax (《討漁稅》 taoyushui).
 Dark Requiems... and Unsilent Massacre is the second full-length album by the British symphonic black metal act Hecate Enthroned released in 1998 by Blackend Records.Stylistically this found the band utilizing a slower more ambient feel versus the speed and heaviness heard on their previous album The Slaughter of Innocence. Keyboards and reverbed vocals were put more in the forefront with less emphasis on guitar riffs and fast-paced percussion.
 Prince Stefan Carl Manfred Alfred Alexander Joseph Maria of Liechtenstein (born on 14 November 1961) is Liechtenstein's Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Germany and former Ambassador to Switzerland.
 Pawana (or: Awaité Pawana) is a short story written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
 The Silliman Journal is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Silliman University (Dumaguete City Philippines). The editor-in-chief is Margaret U. Alvarez. The journal was established in 1953 starting as a quarterly and interdisciplinary in content. The initial issues contained research papers and articles by faculty and graduate students but eventually contributions from non-Silliman scholars and scholars outside of the Philippines were also accepted.
 Frederick John Jackson (1860–1929) was an English administrator explorer and ornithologist.
 Tothrix is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Wigry is a lake located in north-eastern part of Poland in Podlaskie Voivodeship.Wigry lake is situated in the forests of the Augustów Wilderness – trees grow on about 80% of its shoreline. There are 19 smaller and bigger islands on the lake in its waters thrive as many as 26 species of fish including pike trout and bass. The lake and its adjacent area belong to the Wigry National Park which means there are several regulations which ought to be respected by tourists.
 The Last of the Jedi is a series of young adult books written by Jude Watson begun in 2005. The series is set in the fictional Star Wars Expanded Universe in the time period between the end of Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith and a few years prior to Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope. This series follows the life of Obi-Wan Kenobi following the events of Revenge of the Sith until he finds an ex-Padawan Ferus Olin.
 Soil Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by CSIRO Publishing. The current editor-in-chief is R.J. Gilkes (University of Western Australia). The journal is abstracted and indexed in Elsevier BIOBASE BIOSIS CAB Abstracts Chemical Abstracts Current Contents/Agriculture Biology & Environmental Sciences Science Citation Index. It was established in 1963 as the Australian Journal of Soil Research and obtained its current title in 2011.
 Prolobosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Prolobosia schistacea which is found in Peru.
 Ptisi & Diastima (Greek: Πτήση & Διάστημα meaning Flight & Space) is a monthly magazine published in Greece. First published in November 1979 it is the oldest aviation and defense magazine in Greece.It has a monthly readership of 44000.
 Jeremy Clarkson on Ferrari is a non-fiction book published in 2000 written by British journalist and television presenter Jeremy Clarkson. The book covered every model made by Ferrari up to the Ferrari 360 Modena accompanied by colour photographs.
 Coleophora byrsostola is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in western and south-western India (Maharashstra Mahableshwar Karnataka Coorg plateau).The wingspan is 8-9 mm. The head and antennae are whitish-ochreous. The palpi and thorax are greyish-ochreous. The forewings are greyish-ochreous although the second discal stigma is dark fuscous. The hindwings are lightgrey.The larvae feed on Strobilanthes species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Dalveer Singh is an Indian politician. As of July 2012 he is a member of the Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) and member of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly.
 The Stuart Welcome Arch (also known as the 1926 Welcome Arch or Rio-Jensen Beach Arch) is an historic arch-shaped structure which straddles County Road 707 between 2369 and 2390 Northeast Dixie Highway in Jensen Beach Florida. It was built in 1926 to mark what was then the town line between the town of Jensen to the north and the town of Stuart to the south.
 Heybat Beyglu (Persian: هيبت بيگلو‎ also Romanized as Heybat Beyglū; also known as Heibat Bakloo Heybat Beglū Heybat Beyg Heybat Beyk Kheibashbai Kheybashbay and Kheyr Bāsh Beyk) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 28 families.
 Ripper 2 (aka US title: Ripper 2: Letter from Within) is a 2004 British horror film directed by Jonas Quastel starring Erin Karpluk and Nicolas Irons and is a sequel to Ripper. It was written and produced by John A. Curtis and Pat Bermel.
 Payback: Debt and the Shadow Side of Wealth is a non-fiction book written by Margaret Atwood about the nature of debt for the 2008 Massey Lectures. Each of the book's five chapters was delivered as a one hour lecture in a different Canadian city beginning in St. John's Newfoundland on October 12 and ending in Toronto on November 1. The lectures were broadcast on CBC Radio One's Ideas November 10–14.
 Monte Disgrazia (3678 m) is a mountain in the Bregaglia range in the Italian Alps. It is the highest peak in the Val Masino group situated south of the Bernina Range.It has five glaciers and five wild ridges and is a demanding climb.The first ascent was by Leslie Stephen E. S. Kennedy and Thomas Cox with guide Melchior Anderegg on 23 August 1862. Their route over the Preda Rossa glacier and the northwest ridge is the easiest one and has remained the normal climbing route.
 City Gate is the main terminal for the buses and maxi taxis in Port of Spain Trinidad and Tobago. It is located in the former Trinidad Government Railway terminal on South Quay. It is slated to serve as the terminal for the proposed rapid rail system.
 Ex-Mutants was a comic book series created by writer David Lawrence and artist Ron Lim along with editor David Campiti in 1986. It was first published by Eternity Comics and then Amazing Comics. Contractual problems resulted in a move to Pied Piper Comics. A legal dispute followed and after running out of money for the struggle the creators surrendered.
 Warnker See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.5 m its surface area is 0.456 km².
 Beyond the Wildwood – A Tribute to Syd Barrett is a tribute album consisting of music written by Pink Floyd's original guitarist vocalist and primary songwriter Syd Barrett. The musicians performing on the album are British and American indie rock artists. The songs featured come from Pink Floyd's singles; the albums The Piper at the Gates of Dawn and A Saucerful of Secrets; and Barrett's two solo albums: The Madcap Laughs and Barrett.
 Jeleniec [jɛˈlɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Papowo Biskupie 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Chełmno 28 km (17 mi) north of Toruń and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 560.
 Me siento tan sola (Spanish I feel so lonely) was the third album from Mexican singer Gloria Trevi originally released in 1992 by BMG Ariola. A limited release a month after I feel so alone in the convention of her record company (BMG Ariola) was awarded a Double Gold Record for high sales of her album.
 Never Been Thawed (sometimes referred to as NBT: Never Been Thawed) is an independent film released in 2005 to a modest amount of media attention. It takes its name from the best condition a frozen entree can be in according to the film's fictional Mesa Frozen Entree Enthusiast's Club. Never Been Thawed was filmed entirely in the Phoenix Arizona metropolitan area by director Sean Anders on a budget of approximately $35000.
 The Grotta dello Smeraldo (Italian for Emerald Grotto) is a cave partly inundated by the sea and located in Conca dei Marini Italy on the Amalfi Coast.
 Fourmile Creek is a tributary of Lake Erie in Erie County Pennsylvania United States. It is approximately 8 miles (13 km) in length. It has a drainage basin of 11.93 square miles (30.9 km2) and is a part of the Lake Erie Watershed.
 Dhudial is a village and union council an administrative subdivision of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan it is part of Chakwal Tehsil. It is one of the largest villages of Chakwal District and is located at 33°3'52N 72°58'24E about 70 km south of the capital Islamabad. Members of the Kassar tribe make up the bulk of the population. It is one of a cluster of villages such as Balkassar Chawli Mangwal and Balokassar which were form the tribal homeland of the Kassar
 The Antholzer Bach (Italian: Rio Anterselva) is a stream in South Tyrol Italy.
 A Future Without a Past... is the debut studio album from American hip hop group Leaders of the New School released in 1991 on Elektra Records.The album peaked at 128 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Deeper Life is an album released by Natalie Grant in 2003.
 Moore's Building is a historic building located in the downtown area of the Hamlet of Oyster Bay and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. First built in 1901 the building gained significance when Theodore Roosevelt had his staff take offices here while he served as U.S. President. The Moore's Building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places a Town of Oyster Bay Landmark and a featured site on the Oyster Bay History Walk audio walking tour.
 Qarkhun (Persian: قارخون‎ also Romanized as Qārkhūn) is a village in Abarghan Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 38 families.
 Tonight is the fourth solo album from the Christian pop–hip hop artist TobyMac. It is the follow-up album to his 2007 release Portable Sounds and was released on February 9 2010. The Deluxe Version of the album will contain a DVD containing interviews with Toby about the songs on the record the making of this record and an inside look at the Diverse City Band. The album debuted at No. 6 on the Billboard 200 selling 79000 units in its first week.
 Wu Yi (born November 1938 in Wuhan Hubei China) was one of four Vice Premiers of the State Council of the People's Republic of China overseeing the country's economy until March 2008. Known as the iron lady Wu is one of the toughest negotiators in China's government.
 Tofua Caldera in Tonga is the summit caldera of a steep-sided composite cone that forms Tofua Island. Tofua Island is in Tonga's Ha'apai island group. Pre-caldera activity is recorded by a sequence of pyroclastic deposits and lavas constituting the older cone followed on the northern part of the island by froth lavas or welded and unwelded ignimbrite.
 Blastobasis nivis is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 3.7–4.3 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Kłodobok [kwɔˈdɔbɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamiennik within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kamiennik 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Nysa and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Alexander James Grant (March 25 1829 – ) was a Canadian politician.Born in Glengarry County Upper Canada the son of James Grant and Catherine Dingwall Grant received his education at the schools of Glengarry County and until twenty six years of age assisted his father on the farm. In 1851 he settled on a farm. Early in life he took an active interest in municipal matters holding the office of councilor for twenty-five years and afterwards was elected warden.
 The Collegian is the official student newspaper at the University of Tulsa. It is a weekly issue in broadsheet format.The Collegian is an independently operated edited and written by the students apart from the administration which has occasionally led to conflict with the administration when it is critical of or has contrary views to administration policy.
 The Blue Fox Theatre is a historic cinema located at 116 W. Main St. in Grangeville Idaho. The Mission Revival theater was built in 1929 and opened on May 2 1930. The theater took its name from J.H. Dickson's entry into a naming contest; Dickson received $10 and three movie tickets as a reward. In addition to showing films the theater also hosted live productions during its initial years of operation. The theater's neon-lit marquee was added in 1940.
 The Narran Wetlands also known as the Narran Lakes comprise a series of ephemeral lakes and swamps fed by the Narran River in north-central New South Wales Australia. They are important for waterbirds.
 Uriël Uri Rosenthal (born July 19 1945) is a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He served as Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Cabinet Rutte I from October 14 2010 until November 5 2012. He previously served as a Member of the Senate from June 8 1999 until October 14 2010 and the Parliamentary leader in the Senate from May 5 2005 until October 14 2010.
 The Country Girl is a 1950 dramatic play by American playwright Clifford Odets which was subsequently adapted as a film of the same name in 1954.Uta Hagen played the title role of Georgie Elgin in its original production alongside Paul Kelly as her husband Frank and Steven Hill as theatre director Bernie Dodd. The production was directed by Odets and ran for 30 weeks accumulating 235 performances from November 10 1950 to June 2 1951.
 Naduvattom is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.Sukapuram L.P School is a famous school in the entire locality. CAVENDERS Arts & Sports Club is a famous club in Naduvattom.
 Fast Food is a 1989 American comedy film starring Jim Varney Traci Lords Michael J. Pollard Blake Clark and Pamela SpringsteenAuggie Hamilton (Clark Brandon) is always looking for ways to earn a quick buck. When he learns that his friend Samantha Brooks (Tracy Griffith) is going to sell her garage to fast food king Wrangler Bob Bundy (Jim Varney) he comes up with one more scheme to turn the garage into a burger joint.
 Skržuti (Serbian Cyrillic: Скржути) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia. In the 2002 census the village had a population of 817.
 The Kid and the Cowboy is a 1919 short Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 Maxie is a 1985 fantasy film. It is directed by Paul Aaron and stars Glenn Close Mandy Patinkin Valerie Curtin Ruth Gordon and Barnard Hughes.
 Slaves' Graves & Ballads is the third album by American experimental rock band Dirty Projectors. It is a combination of two EPs released in 2004 titled Slaves' Graves and Ballads hence the name of the LP combination of the two. The two EPs have drastically different sounds: the first features frontman and guitarist Dave Longstreth accompanied by a chamber orchestra called The Orchestral Society for the Preservation of the Orchestra; the second features Dave and his guitar.
 Eduardo Blanco (1838–1912) Venezuelan writer and politician was aide-de-camp to General José Antonio Páez independence hero and first president of Venezuela after the breakup of Gran Colombia in 1830.His main work is Venezuela Heroica (1881) a classic romantic view of history as an epic. Venezuela heroica is structured in five vignettes that depict the main battles and heroes of the Venezuelan War of Independence.
 Longe é a cidade – Far is the city is a Portuguese documentary film directed and produced by Ricardo Costa.
 Maaf Saya Menghamili Istri Anda (Sorry I've Impregnated Your Wife) is a 2007 Indonesia film written and directed by Monty Tiwa.
 Black Water is a 1992 novella by Joyce Carol Oates.
 Xosé Manuel Hixinio Beiras Torrado (born 7 April 1936) is a Galician politician economist writer and intellectual. He is professor of Structural Economy at the Faculty of Economic Sciences of the University of Santiago de Compostela. Former member of the National Council of the Galician Nationalist Bloc (BNG in the Galician acronym) he is at present leader of ANOVA-Irmandade Nacionalista an independentist political party with representation in the Galician parliament.
 Endynomena pradieri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Endynomena .
 Nightmare Academy: Charlie's Monsters (2007) is a fantasy novel written by Dean Lorey about a boy named Charlie Benjamin and his best friends Theodore Dagget and Violet Sweet. The story focuses on how Charlie and his friends repel the forces of the Named the most powerful creatures in the Netherworld.
 Beijing Blues (神探亨特张 Shéntàn Hēngtè Zhāng literally Divine Detective Hunter Zhang)is a 2012 Chinese film directed by Gao Qunshu. It won Best Feature Film Best Cinematography and Best Film Editing at the Golden Horse Film Festival and Awards in 2012.
 Graceful Racer (also commonly known as Slender Racer) Coluber gracilis is a species of snake found in India.
 The Francis Land House or Rose Hall is a historic brick house in located within the Rose Hall District near Princess Anne Plaza in Virginia Beach Virginia. It was the plantation home of the prominent Land family a founding family of Princess Anne County Virginia.
 Mikulovac is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 385 people.
 Nowy Młyn [ˈnɔvɨ ˈmwɨn] German Neumühle is a hamlet in the administrative district of Gmina Strzeleczki (Gemeinde Klein Strehlitz) within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Strzeleczki 4 km (2 mi) south-west of Krapkowice and 25 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Apatelodes erubescens is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is found in Brazil.The larvae feed on Byrsonima pachyphylla and Byrsonima verbascifolia.
 A Fitting Tribute is a 2007 British short film comedy-drama film directed by Daniel Cormack and starring Sally Bretton Thomas Nelstrop and April Nicholson.In 2010 A Fitting Tribute was selected for preservation by the British Film Institute's National Archive and in 2012 the film was acquired by the British Library's Moving Image Collection.
 Euxesta lutzi is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
 Sarangesa sati the Tiny Flat is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in India (the Kutch district). The species is alternatively listed as a race or subspecies of Sarangesa purendra.
 About this sound Nýdek (Polish: Nydek  German: Niedek) is a village in Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. It has a population of 1952 (2001 census) 26.6% of the population are the Poles.It lies on the slopes of the Silesian Beskids mountain range in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia. Hluchová River flows through the village.The village was first mentioned in a written document in 1430 as Nidek.
 The Encyclopedia of World History is a classic single volume work detailing world history. The first through fifth editions were edited by William L. Langer.The Sixth Edition was—by the time of its publication—a much needed updating overseen by Peter N. Stearns and was made available online. Renowned historian Peter N.
 Here and Now is the seventh studio album by Canadian rock band Nickelback. The album was released on November 21 2011. It is the follow-up to their multi-platinum selling Dark Horse in 2008. On September 26 the band officially released two singles When We Stand Together and Bottoms Up. Both songs were made available for download on September 27 2011. The first track of the record This Means War was released on November 10 2011 as the third single.
 Kawczyce [kafˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Oeonistis bistrigata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Puerto Eva Perón is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 The Informer is a 1912 drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. Prints of the film survive at the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 Passion in the Desert or Simoom: A Passion in the Desert is a 1998 film from director Lavinia Currier based on the short story A Passion in the Desert by Honoré de Balzac. The film follows the ventures of a young French officer named Augustin Robert (Ben Daniels) in late 18th-century Egypt during Napoleon Bonaparte's campaign to capture the country.
 Fakaofo is a village on Fakaofo atoll in Tokelau. It is located to the north-west of the atoll. It is notable for its monument which is a coral slab personifying Tui Tokelau a god once worshipped in the islands.Fishing is important to the local economy and food supply.
 Rohu (also spelled as Ruhoo) is situated in Anantnag tehsil and located in Anantnag district in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.
 The northern needle-clawed bushbaby (Euoticus pallidus) is a species of primate in the Galagidae family. It is found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea and Nigeria. Habitat- It is found in tropical forest and secondary forest. The species is threatened by logging companies.
 The Alcântara River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Woh College Kay Din is an 2009 Urdu movie from Pakistan directed by Ali Ahmad written by Nasir Adeeb and produced by Faisal Rehman. It was a new cast film and done relatively well on box office.
 Sherbrooke Lake is a lake of Chester Municipal District (Lunenburg County) in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Musée des Beaux-Arts de Caen is a fine arts museum in the French city of Caen founded at the start of the 19th century and rebuilt in 1971 within the ducal château.
 Winner Stays On is the fourth studio album by London-based grime music collective Roll Deep it was released on 8 November 2010. Three singles have been released from the album including Good Times and Green Light which both went to number 1 in the UK plus the top 30 hit Take Control which features Alesha Dixon.
 Dattatraya Kashinath Kunte also known as Nanasaheb Kunte was an Indian independence activist a former Member of the Bombay Legislative Assembly and the 4th Lok Sabha. He was born at Alibag in 1908 and died in Mumbai in 1991.
 Krushove is a village in the municipality of Leshnjë in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Hesitation Blues is a compilation album by American folk and blues singer Dave Van Ronk released in 1988.The 16 songs in the compilation come from three '60s Prestige LPs — Dave Van Ronk Folksinger In the Tradition and the original Inside Dave Van Ronk. Most of the songs appear on the Fantasy compilation CD Inside Dave Van Ronk.
 Fight for the Planet is a 2009 Canadian film. Directed produced and edited by Colin Carter Fight for the Planet is a call to action film about global warming and the future of our society as it steps into a new environmentally conscious era. Fight for the Planet was 16 year old director Colin Carter's first feature film and is the first in a row of award winning features (Please Kill Mr. Know It All (2012) and Blueprints (2013)).
 Lohrmann is a small lunar crater that is located to the west of the Oceanus Procellarum near the western limb of the Moon. It lies to the north of the dark-floored walled plain Grimaldi and just to the south of the crater Hevelius.This crater is nearly circular although it does not appear so from the Earth due to foreshortening. It has a narrow inner wall at the north end and a somewhat eroded edge. The interior floor has some low hills and a small craterlet in the western half.
 Pierre of the Plains is a 1942 Northern film set in Saskatchewan Canada directed by George B. Seitz and starring John Carroll and Ruth Hussey. The supporting cast features Bruce Cabot Reginald Owen Henry Travers Evelyn Ankers and Sheldon Leonard. The movie is a remake of a 1914 version co-written by and starring Edgar Selwyn.
 The goldstripe sardinella Sardinella gibbosa is a species of fish of the family Clupeidae. It is native to shallow tropical waters of the western Indo-Pacific living at depths down to 70 m and being associated with coral reefs. It grows up to 17 cm in length and forms large schools.It is an important commercial fish and is eaten dried salted boiled or made into fish balls.
 Lady Washington Inn is a historic inn and tavern building located at Huntingdon Valley Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in three sections in 1761 about 1788-1785 and about 1850-1875. It is a 2 1/2-story stuccoed stone and frame building with a gable roof and frame rear addition.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Var Posht Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Loren Cass is a feature-length motion picture directed by 21-year-old independent film-maker Chris Fuller about adolescents coming to terms with their lives in St. Petersburg Florida after the 1996 riots there. The film took ten years to complete.The story follows three central characters (Nicole Jason and Cale) and several secondary ones (The Suicide Kid The Punk Kid and The Fight Kid among others) through the aftermath of the '96 riots and features several notable St.
 Oxacme dissimilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1894. It is found in India (Sikkim).
 Glyder Fawr is a mountain in Snowdonia Wales the highest in the Glyderau at just over 1000m. It is the fifth highest mountain in Wales.The summit lies on the ridge between Glyder Fach and Y Garn and has views to the north across the Ogwen Valley of Pen yr Ole Wen and the Carneddau and views south to the Snowdon Horseshoe.
 Paula Maria von Hafe Teixeira da Cruz (Luanda Portuguese Angola June 1 1960) is a Portuguese lawyer and politician. She has served since June 21 2011 as Minister of Justice in the government led by Pedro Passos Coelho.
 Ioichthys kashkini is a species of barreleye known only from the Arabian Sea where it has been recovered from a depth of 700 metres (2300 ft).
 Georgia Square Mall located in Athens Georgia is a super-regional shopping mall in northeastern Georgia whose clientele includes students attending University of Georgia a major university in the state and the nation's oldest public university (founded in 1785).
 Oszkár Seszták (born 1965) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz–KDNP Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County Regional List since 2010. He was elected President of the county's General Assembly on 3 April 2008.
 The Valea Jocii River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Notre Dame Church and Goldsmith Memorial Chapel is located in Chippewa Falls Wisconsin. On April 7 1983 the site was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is affiliated with the Roman Catholic Diocese of La Crosse.
 The Nara Visa School is a building in Nara Visa New Mexico. It originally housed the community's school and is now used as a civic center. It was constructed in 1923 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Amos Kendall (August 16 1789 – November 12 1869) was an American lawyer journalist and politician. He rose to prominence as editor-in-chief of the Argus of Western America an influential newspaper in Frankfort the capital of the U.S. state of Kentucky. He used his newspaper writing skills and extensive political contacts to build the Democratic Party into a national political power.
 The Central United Methodist Church is located at 23 East Adams Street (the corner of Woodward Avenue and Adams) in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1977 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Quincy Point Fire Station is a historic fire station at 615 Washington Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1941 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Welcome to Carcass Cuntry is a country metal album by Jeffrey Walker of the metal band Carcass. The instrumentation is performed by notable heavy metal musicians including Faith No More’s Billy Gould H.I.M.‘s Ville Valo Anathema’s Danny Cavanagh and Carcass members Bill Steer and Ken Owen. The album cover is by Larry Welz the creator of Cherry.
 Chana School is a Registered Historic Place in the Ogle County Illinois in the county seat of Oregon Illinois. One of six Oregon sites listed on the Register the school is an oddly shaped two-room schoolhouse which has been moved from its original location. Chana School joined the Register in 2005 as an education museum.The schoolhouse was built in 1883 in the village of Chana Illinois. Due to the elimination of the Chana School District the school was abandoned by the 1960s.
 Planck is a huge lunar crater that is located in the southern hemisphere of the Moon on the far side as seen from the Earth. It lies to the west of the walled plain Poincaré another enormous formation only slightly larger than Planck. Both formations are larger than the walled plain Bailly the largest crater on the near side.
 The Smith Wildman and Jennie (Hearne) Brookhart House was designed by architects Clausen & Clausen and was built in 1910.
 Christopher Cross is the self-titled debut album by Christopher Cross released in December 1979 (see 1979 in music). Recorded in mid-1979 the album was one of the early digitally recorded albums utilizing the 3M Digital Recording System. In 1981 it won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year. It has been noted for being one of the most influential soft rock albums of the early 1980s and famously beat Pink Floyd's The Wall for that year's Grammy.
 Frehn Bridge also known as Huntingdon County Bridge No. 1 is a historic Pratt truss bridge spanning Sideling Hill Creek and located at Springfield Township Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1890 and measures 120-foot-long (37 m) in length and has a 13.75-foot-wide (4.19 m) timber deck.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Qezel Daraq (Persian: قزل درق‎; also known as Kyzyldara Qezel Darreh and Qizildara) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 41 families.
 Cook County is a 2008-2009 American independent drama film written directed and produced by the Houston based filmmaker David Pomes.
 Zapolice [zapɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiatów within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Trzebiatów 19 km (12 mi) north of Gryfice and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 81.
 Chałupki [xaˈwupki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Szczekociny 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 74 km (46 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Craig Raymond Fry is a Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives representing the 5th District since 1988.
 Kellibrooksia is an extinct genus of crustacean in the order Hoplostraca from the Middle Pennsylvanian.
 Mazraeh-ye Gachi Lik (Persian: مزرعه گچي ليك‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Gachī Līk) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Joseph A. Scanlon (1901 – April 1957) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives serving from 1935-1952.
 Byakuyako (白夜行 Byakuyakō) is a mystery novel written by Keigo Higashino first serialized on the monthly magazine Novel Subaru of Shueisha from January 1997 to January 1999. The entire volume was published in August 1999 and became a bestseller.During the serialization the novel was at first written as a series of short stories representing chronological snapshots of the overall plot line.
 Siekierczyna [ɕɛkʲɛrˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciężkowice within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Ciężkowice 31 km (19 mi) south of Tarnów and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 650.
 Trzebiszewo [tʂɛbiˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skwierzyna within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Skwierzyna 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Międzyrzecz and 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 640.
 Israel's Next War is an episode of the PBS series Frontline that aired on 5 April 2005. The episode by Israeli director Dan Setton investigated the rise of the religious right in Israel and the role it could play as a spoiler in peace negotiations with the Palestinians. It was Setton's second documentary film for PBS: his previous film for them Shattered Dreams of Peace won him a Peabody Award.
 Out of Darkness was a 1994 made-for-television film starring singer and actress Diana Ross. The movie was distributed and released by ABC on January 16 1994 in the USA Germany Spain France Greece Italy and Portugal.
 Langvasshøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Northeast Bartow Residential District is a historic district in Bartow Florida. Composed of an area bounded by Jackson and 1st Avenues and by Church and Boulevard Streets the district includes twenty-six contributing properties. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Bostick Female Academy also known as Triune School is a property in Triune Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.At one time Triune had five private schools including a Porter Female Academy that was destroyed in 1863 in the American Civil War. On the board of the Porter Female Academy was a Dr. Jonathan Bostick who later bequeathed funds for the Bostick Female Academy.
 Al-Muzayri'a (Arabic: المُزيرعة‎) was a Palestinian village in the Ramle Subdistrict. It was depopulated in 1948.
 Matsudaira Harusato (松平 治郷 1751 – 1818) was a Japanese daimyo of the mid-Edo period who ruled the Matsue Domain. He was renowned as a tea master under the name Matsudaira Fumai (松平 不昧).
 West Nusa Tenggara State Museum (Indonesian Museum Negeri Nusa Tenggara Barat) is a state museum located in Mataram Lombok Island Indonesia. The museum is the provincial museum of the West Nusa Tenggara province.The museum collects 7387 items (2006) related to Lombok and Sumbawa traditional arts (e.g. traditional kris songket basketware and masks) as well related subject such as geology archaeology architecture biology ceramic paintings and others.
 Another Return is the debut studio album by the Norwegian heavy metal band Artch released in 1988.
 Good Guys Wear Black is a 1978 action film starring Chuck Norris. This was the third film to feature Norris as the star.
 The Variable Zanclognatha (Zanclognatha laevigata) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Manitoba to Nova Scotia south to Florida and Missouri.The wingspan is about 30 millimetres (1.2 in). There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on detritus including dead leaves.
 Die Knowing is the fifth studio album by Canadian hardcore punk band Comeback Kid. It was released on March 4 2014.
 Wall Street Italia (WSI) is a leading independent website in Italy specialized in business financial political news and analysis aimed to institutional and private investors. It is published by Wall Street Italia Inc. a US company.
 Tyborów [tɨˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Magnuszew 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Kozienice and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Mirgasar (Persian: ميرگسار‎ also Romanized as Mīrgasār Mīr Gasār and Mīr Gosār; also known as Mīr ‘Aşşār and Mīr Jāsar) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 41 families.
 Apasionada Live is the twenty-second album of Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario. It was released in 2006.
 Sky Bandits (a.k.a. Gunbus) is a 1986 British adventure film about two outlaws from the Wild West drafted to the battlefields of WWI who enlist in the fledgling Royal Air Force flying early warplanes called gunbuses.The film was directed by Zoran Perisic and made extensive use of the Zoptics technique he had developed for the flying sequences on Superman. The production holds the record for the largest film crew on a fiction film (582).
 William Parker Cutler (July 12 1812 – April 11 1889) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
 Andalusia is an apartment building located in Hollywood Los Angeles California built in 1926 in Spanish Colonial Revival style. The building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.Architects Arthur and Nina Zwebell designed the structure which is said to be turned inward to a richly landscaped interior courtyard. The building is located in a historic neighborhood across Sunset Boulevard from the Chateau Marmont.
 Citadel Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1913 by Arthur O. Wheeler.
 Mount Gibbs is located in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of the U.S. state of California 2.6 miles (4 km) south of Mount Dana. The mountain was named after Oliver Gibbs a professor at Harvard University and friend of Josiah Whitney. Its peak lies on the boundary between Yosemite National Park and Inyo National Forest.The peak is accessible either from the west starting at Tioga Pass Road or from the east via Bloody Canyon from the trailhead at Walker Lake.
 Exilisia pluripunctata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Mabille in 1900. It is found on Madagascar.
 Allan Grossman (December 25 1910 – September 1 1991) was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario Canada for 20 years a provincial cabinet minister and the father of the late former leader of the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party Larry Grossman. Together the father and son represented the downtown Toronto Ontario riding of St. Andrew and its successor St. Andrew—St. Patrick for 32 consecutive years.
 Tikkun is a quarterly interfaith Jewish Left-progressive magazine published in the United States that analyzes American and Israeli culture politics religion and history in English language. The magazine has consistently published the work of Israeli and Palestinian left-wing intellectuals but also included book and music reviews personal essays and poetry.
 George John Douglas Campbell 8th Duke of Argyll KG KT PC FRS FRSE (30 April 1823 – 24 April 1900) styled Marquess of Lorne until 1847 was a Scottish peer and Liberal politician as well as a writer on science religion and the politics of the 19th century.
 Gerdab-e Olya (Persian: گرداب عليا‎ also Romanized as Gerdāb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Gerdāb and Gerdāb Bālā) is a village in Vahdat Rural District Mugarmun District Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 68 in 14 families.
 The White House Doctor: My Patients Were Presidents – A Memoir is a book authored by Connie Mariano the first military woman in the history of the United States to be appointed as Physician to the President the first female director of the medical unit of the White House and the first Filipino-American to become a rear admiral in the US Navy. With a foreword from Bill Clinton the autobiographical book takes a look at the personal lives of three American Presidents (George H.W.
 Bolson pupfish (Cyprinodon atrorus) is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family. It is endemic to Mexico.
 Truckin' Turtles is a supplement for the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles & Other Strangeness role-playing game. It was published by Palladium Books in 1989 and uses the Palladium Megaversal system. It is largely a collection of adventure concepts that take the players across the United States with various wide-ranging themes. It explains mutants and their societies outside of the setting of the original rule book.
 feedtime is the debut album of noise rock band feedtime released independently in 1985.
 Nicolae Titulescu (Romanian pronunciation: [nikoˈla.e tituˈlesku]; March 4 1882 – March 17 1941) was a well-known Romanian diplomat at various times government minister finance and foreign minister and for two terms President of the General Assembly of the League of Nations (1930-32).
 Synthetic Generation is the debut album of the Swedish metal band Deathstars. This was also the only album to have Beast X Electric (Erik Halvorsen) on lead guitar
 Bala Holu Sara (Persian: بالاهلوسرا‎ also Romanized as Bālā Holū Sarā) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 47 families.
 Mount Morgan is a mountain located in northwestern Inyo County California in the John Muir Wilderness of the Inyo National Forest.
 Pachaiyar River originates on the eastern slopes of the Western Ghats approximately 1000 m above sea level in the state of Tamil Nadu in southern India. It then converges with the Tambaraparani River. Nine anicuts have been built across it before it loses its identity in the Tamiraparani.The total length of the river from its origin to its merger with the Tamiraparani is about 32 km.
 Elmer Robert Tapper Sr. usually known as E. T. Tapper (June 19 1929 - September 17 2011) was an attorney and a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from his native St. Bernard Parish Louisiana.Tapper was first elected to the House in 1960 with the incoming Jimmie Davis administration. He was unseated in 1964 by fellow Democrat Sammy Nunez. However he returned to the House in a special election in 1969.
 The C.S. Golden House also known as the Leonard and Ellie Crain House is a historic house located in Thomaston Alabama. It was built in 1898 in the Queen Anne style. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 31 2000 due to its architectural significance.
 The Blind Assassin is an award-winning bestselling novel by the Canadian writer Margaret Atwood. It was first published by McClelland and Stewart in 2000. Set in Canada it is narrated from the present day referring back to events that span the twentieth century.The work was awarded the Man Booker Prize in 2000 and the Hammett Prize in 2001. It was also nominated for Governor General's Award in 2000 Orange Prize for Fiction and the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award in 2002.
 E=MC² is a 1979 album produced and composed by Giorgio Moroder and Harold Faltermeyer. The album describes itself as the first electronic live-to-digital album.
 Martin L. Murray (December 16 1909 – July 1 1990) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate who served from 1957 to 1964 and from 1969 to 1982. He served as President Pro Tempore of the Senate from 1971 through 1980. He also served in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Buddha Is as Buddha Does: The Ten Original Practices for Enlightened Living is a book written by Surya Das published in 2008. It is conceived as a guide for spiritual development based on the pāramitās traditional Buddhist teachings. The Sanskrit term is usually translated as perfections but the practices are best understood as a set of virtuous actions. Surya Das explains each of the ten virtues offering various exercises and tips to apply the teaching.
 Almanya – Welcome to Germany (German: Almanya – Willkommen in Deutschland) (Almanya is Turkish for Germany) is a 2011 German comedy film directed by Yasemin Şamdereli. The film premiered at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival in the section competition and won the Deutscher Filmpreis 2011 in the categories Best Script and Best Film.
 The Brown Fruit-eating Bat Artibeus concolor is a bat species from South America. It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.
 No Hands on the Clock is a 1941 American film directed by Frank McDonald.
 Women's Wear Daily (WWD) is a fashion-industry trade journal sometimes called the bible of fashion. WWD delivers information and intelligence on changing trends and breaking news in the fashion beauty and retail industries with a readership composed largely of retailers designers manufacturers marketers financiers media executives advertising agencies socialites and trend makers. It is the flagship journal of Fairchild Publications Inc.
 The Fall Creek Meeting House is located approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) east of Pendleton Indiana United States on State Road 38.
 Mowtowr-e Ahmad Mirjani (Persian: موتوراحمدميرجاني‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Aḩmad Mīrjānī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 9 families.
 Make Room! Make Room! is a 1966 science fiction novel written by Harry Harrison exploring the consequences of unchecked population growth on society.
 Salman (Persian: سلمان‎ also Romanized as Salmān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 42 families.
 Péter Kiss (born Celldömölk 11 June 1959) is a Hungarian Socialist politician. In Bajnai's government he was a minister without portfolio. He was one of the candidates to succeed Péter Medgyessy as prime minister in 2004 but lost to Ferenc Gyurcsány.
 In the World is an album by jazz saxophonist Clifford Jordan which was recorded in 1969 and released on the Strata-East label in 1972. The album was rereleased on CD as part of The Complete Clifford Jordan Strata-East Sessions in 2013
 The Yalong River (Chinese: 雅砻江 p Yǎlóngjiāng w Ya-lung Chiang) or Nyag Chu (Tibetan: ཉག་ཆུ་ z Nyag Qu) is an 822-mile (1323 km) long river in Sichuan province in southwestern China. It is a tributary of the Yangtze River. Its source originates from the Tibet-Qinghai Plateau in southeast Qinghai and its confluence with the Yangtze is in Panzhihua in southwestern Sichuan.
 Thunder Valley is the sixteenth novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen. It was published on December 1 1997 by Random House.
 Nancy K. Barto (born in Chicago Illinois) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Arizona Senate representing District 15 since January 14 2013. Barto served consecutively in the Arizona State Legislature from January 2007 until January 10 2011 in the Arizona House of Representatives District 7 seat then in the Arizona Senate in the District 7 seat from January 10 2011 until January 14 2013.
 Love & Sleep is a 1994 Modern Fantasy novel by John Crowley. It is the second novel in Crowley's Ægypt Sequence and a sequel to Crowley's 1987 novel The Solitudes.
 Amerghan-e Tus (Persian: امرغان طوس‎ also Romanized as Amerghān-e Ţūs; also known as Abarghan Abarqān-e Ţūs and Amerqān-e Ţūs) is a village in Tus Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 433 in 107 families.
 Stick Around for Joy released in February 1992 was the third and final album released by the Icelandic alternative rock band The Sugarcubes. In terms of quality fans usually rate the album somewhere between the band's acclaimed debut Life's Too Good and the widely panned follow-up Here Today Tomorrow Next Week!. The album provided the band's two hits: The first aptly titled Hit reached #1 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart in the U.S. and #17 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Smiler is Rod Stewart's fifth album and final album for Mercury Records released in 1974 (see 1974 in music). It became the first album by Rod Stewart as a solo artist to become critically panned. Although it reached number 1 in the UK album chart it stalled at number 13 in the US.
 1969: The Year Everything Changed is a narrative history book written by American author and editor Rob Kirkpatrick published in 2009 by Skyhorse Publishing.
 The Puriri River is a river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows west close to the point where the Coromandel Peninsula joins the rest of the North Island reaching the Waihou River three kilometres east of Turua.
 Oliver Weerasinghe (died 1980) FRIBA was a Sri Lankan architect and diplomat. He was Sri Lanka's first City Planner and for this reason he his referred to as the Father of Sri Lanka's Town Planning. He is a former Ambassador to the United States.Weerasingh was educated at the Royal College Colombo and went on to study architecture at the University of Liverpool under of Sir Patrick Abercrombie.
 Russell H. Russ Fairchild is a Republican politician and former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Gençali is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 395 people.
 Daniel Hodge (born 23 October 1959) is a Curaçaoan politician who served as the third Prime Minister of Curaçao. He was sworn in on 31 December 2012 by Acting Governor Adèle van der Pluijm-Vrede replacing Stanley Betrian who led an interim government in the last months of 2012. On 27 March 2013 Hodge lodged the resignation of his cabinet and continued in a demissionary capacity until a new cabinet was formed on 7 June 2013. Hodge previously was director of the Postspaarbank Curaçao.
 Narendra Singh Verma is an Indian politician from Uttar Pradesh who is a Samajwadi Party member of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly for the Mahmoodabad constituency. He was re-elected at the 2012 election.
 UP: Unified Praise is a live praise and worship album of Christian Contemporary music by the Australian Hillsong Church and English band Delirious?.
 Larry Douglas Kump (born January 27 1948 in Chambersburg Pennsylvania) is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 59 since January 12 2013. Kump served consecutively from January 2011 until January 2013 in the District 52 seat.
 Take a Chance is a 1937 British comedy sports film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Claude Hulbert Binnie Hale and Henry Kendall. It depicts farcical events in the horse racing world.
 Synaphe dresnayi is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It was described by Leraut in 2005. It is found in Korea.
 The Closing of the American Mind is a 1987 book by Allan Bloom who describes how higher education has failed democracy and impoverished the souls of today's students. He focuses especially upon the openness of relativism as leading paradoxically to the great closing referenced in the book's title. Bloom argues that openness and absolute understanding undermines critical thinking and eliminates the point of view that defines cultures.
 Bieke (Bigge) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 China Mountain Zhang is a 1992 novel by science fiction author Maureen F. McHugh. The novel is made up of several stories loosely intertwined.
 Joseline Peña-Melnyk (born June 25 1966) is an American politician who represents District 21 in the Maryland House of Delegates.
 Cuss Control: The Complete Book on How to Curb Your Cursing is a self-help book on how to curb swearing written by James V. O'Connor in 2000. O'Connor who also founded the Cuss Control Academy of Northbrook Illinois in 1998 has gained a reputation as a swearing expert and the book has been featured and reviewed in hundreds of media outlets including TIME Magazine The Oprah Winfrey Show The New York Times The View and The O'Reilly Factor.
 Joel McFee Pritchard (May 5 1925 – October 9 1997) was a Republican politician from Washington. He served in the U.S. House of Representatives and as the 14th Lieutenant Governor of Washington. Pritchard was born in Seattle Washington to Frank Sr. and Jean Pritchard on May 5 1925. He attended public schools as a child and attended Marietta College from 1946 to 1947.
 The Streak-headed White-eye (Lophozosterops squamiceps) also known as the Streaky-headed White-eye or Streak-headed Ibon is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Mappillai Gounder is a 1997 Indian Tamil language film written and directed by Manivasagam. The film features Prabhu and Sukanya in the lead roles while Swathi plays a supporting role. The film which has music composed by Deva released in February 1997.
 Pompilopsis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Pompilopsis tarsalis which is found in Mexico Guatemala and Brazil (Para).
 Tom Hayes (born 16 February 1952) is an Irish Fine Gael politician and farmer. He is a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Tipperary South constituency.He was elected in 1997 to the 21st Seanad Éireann on the Agricultural Panel Hayes was Fine Gael's Seanad spokesperson on Agriculture. He was elected on 30 June 2001 to the 28th Dáil as a TD for Tipperary South when he held the seat for Fine Gael in a by-election following the death of Theresa Ahearn.
 Cerodrillia bahamensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Chaitrada Chandrama (Kannada: ಚೈತ್ರದ ಚಂದ್ರಮ) is a 2008 Kannada romance- drama film directed written and composed by S. Narayan. The film features Pankaj making his debut and Amoolya in the lead roles along with Shobharaj and Veena Sunder in other pivotal roles.
 Spain is a studio album by Michel Camilo and Tomatito released in 2000. It was recorded at Carriage House Studios in August 1999 and publish by Universal Music under various labels around the world.
 The Northern Echo is a regional daily morning newspaper based in the town of Darlington in North East England; serving County Durham and Teesside. The paper covers national as well as regional news. It is one of the most famous provincial newspapers in the United Kingdom. Its first edition was published on 1 January 1870.Its second editor was W. T.
 Masłomiąca [maswɔˈmjɔnt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 km (7 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.
 David McNarry MLA (Born 25 May 1948) is a UK Independence Party politician from Northern Ireland. He stood for the Ulster Unionist Party in North Down in the 1982 Assembly elections but failed to be elected. Around the same time an NIO memo released in 2012 described him as a dangerous nuisance. He was first elected as an MLA for the Ulster Unionist Party in 2003 and re-elected in 2007 and 2011 before being expelled from the party in 2012. He is a former UUP chief whip.
 Satan's Baby Doll (Italian: La bimba di Satana) is a 1982 Italian horror film directed by Mario Bianchi.
 Alte Schlaube is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Sarsegaz (Persian: سرسگاز‎ also Romanized as Sarsegāz) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 430 in 105 families.
 The Dentist is an 1996 American horror film directed by Brian Yuzna and written by Dennis Paoli and Stuart Gordon. It starrs Corbin Bernsen Linda Hoffman and Ken Foree.The film was inspired by the story of real-life dentist/serial killer Nick Rex.[citation needed] It was followed by the sequel The Dentist 2 in 1998.
 Toozaza Peak is a tuya in the Stikine Ranges of the Cassiar Mountains in northern British Columbia Canada located in the Iverson Creek. Toozaza Peak is the summit of a north-south aligned ridge between the head of Toozaza Creek and the head of the Jennings River just south of the Jennings' divide with the Little Rancheria River headwaters.
 John Roundell Palmer 4th Earl of Selborne GBE FRS DL FIBiol (born 24 March 1940) is a British peer ecological expert and businessman. He is one of the hereditary peers elected to remain in the House of Lords after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999.
 Alien 2: On Earth (Alien 2: Sulla Terra) also known as Alien Terror and Strangers is a 1980 Italian science fiction film written and directed by Ciro Ippolito before the trademark Alien was registered. It is the unofficial sequel to the 1979 film Alien albeit having no connection to the film storywise.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Rahgan Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 905 in 226 families.
 At Home in Mitford is a novel written by American author Jan Karon. It is book one of The Mitford Years series. The first edition (ISBN 1-56865-347-6) was published in hardcover format by Doubleday in 1994. Penguin Books published the paperback edition in 1996 (ISBN 0-140-25448-X).
 Namurotypus is an extinct genus of griffenfly. It inhabited the large swamps of the Carboniferous Period.
 The Piccadilly Tower (Eastgate or Inacity Tower) is a proposed development designed by Woods Bagot in Manchester city centre England.
 The Ledbetter House was completed in 1948 in Norman Oklahoma United States. It was designed by architect Bruce Goff. The distinguishing features of the house are its suspended carport and patio roofs. The Ledbetter House is owned by the University of Oklahoma and is now a private residence. In 2001 it was one of several Goff-designed buildings recognized by placement on the National Register of Historic Places.
 First published in 1908 The Elusive Pimpernel by Baroness Orczy is the 4th book in the classic adventure series about the Scarlet Pimpernel.A French-language version translated and adapted by Charlotte and Marie-Louise Desroyses was also produced under the title Nouveaux Exploits du Mouron Rouge.It was adapted into a silent film The Elusive Pimpernel in 1919.
 Raczyn [ˈrat͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamocin within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Szamocin 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Chodzież and 72 km (45 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 130.
 Holm is a small village area in the municipality of Dyrøy in Troms county Norway. It is located in the central part of the eastern coast of the island of Dyrøya. Dyrøy Church is located in Holm.
 Lauterbach (Schiltach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Božidar Đelić (Serbian Cyrillic: Божидар Ђелић pronounced [bɔ̌ʒidaːr dʑɛ̌ːlitɕ]) (born April 1 1965 in Belgrade Yugoslavia now Serbia) is a Serbian economist and politician. He was the Serbian Minister of finance in the first post-Milošević government of Zoran Đinđić in 2001-2003 and vice-president of the government from May 2007 to December 2011 from the list of Democratic Party.
 Heart Peaks originally known as the Heart Mountains is a mountain massif in the Northern Interior of British Columbia Canada. It is located 90 km (56 mi) northwest of the small community of Telegraph Creek and just southwest of Callison Ranch. With a maximum elevation of 2012 m (6601 ft) it rises above the surrounding landscape on the Nahlin Plateau which is part of the western Stikine Plateau.
 Dishyum (2006) is a Tamil film directed by Sasi. The film stars Jiiva Sandhya Undapakru Venkat Prabhu Nassar and Anee Malavika. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Vijay Antony of Sukran fame. The story tells a love relationship between a stuntman and an art student providing plenty of exciting scenes along the way.
 Armstrong County Courthouse and Jail is a historic courthouse complex located at Kittanning Armstrong County Pennsylvania. The courthouse was built between 1858 and 1860 and is a two-story brick and stone building measuring 105 feet by 65 feet. It has a hipped roof topped by an octagonal cupola and bell. It features a portico with four Corinthian order columns in Greek Revival style. A three-story rear addition was built in 1951-1953. The jail building was built between 1870 and 1873.
 Nasruyi (Persian: نصروئي‎ also Romanized as Naşrūyī; also known as Naşrūnī) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 The Gem in the Tower is a short story by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. It is a rewritten version of Black Moonlight an earlier story by Carter alone featuring his own sword and sorcery character Thongor. As a Thongor story it was first published in the magazine Fantastic in the issue for November 1976 and was reprinted in the anthology The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 3 (DAW Books 1977).
 Fear and Love is the debut LP by the San Diego rock band We Shot the Moon made up of Jonathan Jones of Waking Ashland and Dan Koch and Joe Greenetz both of Sherwood. It was released to iTunes on April 1 2008 and in stores on April 29 2008. The band hinted at a few key shows (particularly in Rexburg Idaho) in the mountain west that the album would leak to the internet on Friday January 18 2008.
 Language Documentation & Conservation is a peer-reviewed open-access academic journal covering all topics related to language documentation and conservation including the goals of data management field-work methods ethics orthography design reference grammar design lexicography methods of assessing ethnolinguistic vitality archiving matters language planning areal survey reports short field reports on underdocumented or endangered languages reports on language maintenance preservation and revitalization efforts plus reviews of software hardware and books.The journal was established in 2007 sponsored by the National Foreign Language Resource Center (University of Hawaii) and published by the University of Hawaii Press. 
 The Museum of Almería is one of the most important museums in the Almerian province and maintains the largest collection of archaeological remains in Almería. The Museum is situated in Almería (Andalusia Spain) Carretera de Ronda Street 91. In 2006 the museum moved to a new building designed by Ignacio García Pedrosa y Ángela García de Paredes. The building won two awards (PAD and ARCO) in 2004.
 Moab Is My Washpot (published 1997) is Stephen Fry’s autobiography covering the first 20 years of his life. Reviewers described it as both humorous and painfully candid.In the book Fry is candid about his many weaknesses including stealing cheating and lying. The book covers some of the same ground as in Fry’s first novel The Liar published in 1991.
 États d'amour is francophone Canadian pop singer Isabelle Boulay's second studio album. It was released in Quebec in February 1998 and in France in November 1998 with a somewhat different sequence of tracks. Also a limited edition was issued consisting of the French release together with a bonus mini-CD.
 Little Llangothlin Nature Reserve is a wetland nature reserve lying about 10 km north-east of the rural locality of Llangothlin and some 20 km north-east of Guyra on the Northern Tablelands of the New England region of New South Wales Australia. It contains the 120 ha Little Llangothlin Lagoon part of the smaller Billy Bung Lagoon and was established in 1979 under the NSW National Parks and Wildlife Act 1974.
 緣 Fate (sometimes credited as 緣 • 痴心誤會 Fate • Loving Misunderstanding) is an EP by cantopop singer Prudence Liew released in 1989.
 The John F. Kilkenny United States Post Office and Courthouse formerly the United States Post Office and Courthouse is a post office and a courthouse of the United States District Court for the District of Oregon located in Pendleton Oregon. Completed in 1916 under the supervision of architect Oscar Wenderoth the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Tibor Czibere (born 16 October 1930) is a former Hungarian engineer and politician who served as Minister of Education between 1988 and 1989. He is a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences since 1985. Czibere served as rector of the University of Miskolc between 1978 and 1986.
 The Return of Bulldog Drummond was the seventh Bulldog Drummond novel. It was published in 1932 and written by H. C. McNeile under the pen name Sapper. 
 Puig Cornador (Vilanova de Sau) is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 621 metres above sea level.
 San Martín is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Sierra Boyera Reservoir is a reservoir in Bélmez province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain.
 Norberto Gustavo Yahuar (born December 7 1960) is an Argentine politician. He was designated Minister of Agriculture by President Cristina Kirchner in 2011.
 The Transfiguration of Blind Joe Death is a 1965 album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey. Originally issued in a hand-lettered edition of 50 it was Fahey's first album to be released by a label other than his own Takoma Records. As with all of Fahey's independently released early albums it had little critical recognition upon release. The album has grown in stature since its reissue on CD in 1997 and is now highly regarded critically.
 Carlos Cure Cure (born 1944) is the Ambassador of Colombia to Venezuela. A civil engineer Cure has also served as chairman of Bavaria S.A. the biggest and most important brewery of Colombia and Avianca S.A. the national flag carrier of Colombia.
 The El Caso Lookout Complex is located in the Gila National Forest north of Apache Creek New Mexico. Built in 1934 by the Works Progress Administration the complex was one of three New Deal-era forest fire lookouts built in Catron County. The other two are the Mangas Mountain Lookout Complex near Old Horse Springs and the Bearwallow Mountain Lookout Complex near Mogollon.
 All In One is a 2007 album released by Whigfield her first music project in 3 years. This album serves as a Greatest hits album although all the tracks have been re-recorded with new sounds. It also includes two new tracks: Rainbow and Right in the Night the latter being a cover of Jam & Spoon's song. The track listing has been chosen by the fans. The album has been released as both a digital download and a physical cd copy.
 Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits compilation album by country music singer Clay Walker. It was released in 1998. Two previously unreleased tracks (Ordinary People and You're Beginning to Get to Me) are included on this album; both were issued as singles in 1998. The former peaked at #35 on the Billboard country charts while the latter was a #2 hit for Walker.
 Lagocheirus lugubris is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Dillon in 1957 and is known from south-central Mexico.
 Salamatu Koroma is a Sierra Leonean judge and a current Justice in the Supreme Court of Sierra Leone. He was appointed by as a Supreme Court Judge by Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma and was sworn in on December 5 2011 after she was confirmed by the Sierra Leone parliament.A graduate of Fourah Bay College Law School Salamatu Koroma was previously a judge in the Sierra Leone Appeals Court since 2005 after she was nominated by then Sierra Leone's president Ahmad Tejan Kabbah.
 Frogs and Scientists is a short short story by science fiction author Frank Herbert. It appeared in the August-September 1979 edition of the anthology Destinies: The Paperback Magazine of Science Fiction and Speculative Fact edited by Jim Baen and later in Herbert’s 1985 short story collection Eye.
 Leovigildo Briones Banaag (December 31 1943 – January 6 2011) was a lawyer and a Congressman in the Philippine House of Representatives for 3 consecutive terms from 1998 to 2007.
 A Stitch in Time (ISBN 0-671-03885-0) published June 5 2000 is a Star Trek: Deep Space Nine novel written by Andrew Robinson. The novel originated from a biography of Cardassian Elim Garak in the form of a diary which was written by Robinson after he landed the recurring role in the series. He would read extracts from it at Star Trek conventions for fans and was heard by novelist David R. George III who suggested he should submit it for publishing.
 The Source Hip Hop Music Awards 1999 is a music compilation album contributed by The Source magazine. Released August 17 1999 and distributed by Def Jam Recordings Hip Hop Music Awards 1999 is the first annual album produced by the magazine to focus on its nominees of the now-defunct award show owing to the success of its Hip Hop Hits series. It features eighteen hip hop and rap hits.
 The Unforgiven (Hangul: 용서받지 못한 자; RR: Yongseobadji mothan ja) is a 2005 South Korean drama film directed by Yoon Jong-bin. Turning painful experiences of his own compulsory military service into a narrative of three young men director Yoon presses the hot-button issue of military service in contemporary South Korea. Yoon's controversial exposé of psychological and physical violence within the ranks stimulated a national dialogue on the subject.
 Dead Men Tell No Tales is a 1938 British thriller film directed by David MacDonald and starring Emlyn Williams Sara Seegar and Hugh Williams. It is based on the 1935 novel The Norwich Victims by Francis Beeding.
 Live From Toronto is an EP by the Portland Oregon band Everclear. It was released only in Japan. Recorded January 14 1998 in Toronto the entire set list was 12 songs long.
 Police is a 1985 French romantic crime drama film directed by Maurice Pialat and starring Gérard Depardieu Sophie Marceau and Sandrine Bonnaire. Written by Catherine Breillat the film is about a moody jaded police detective investigating a drug ring who falls for a mysterious woman and is drawn into a shady and dangerous scheme. The film had 1830970 admissions in France.
 Mount Stuart is a mountain in the Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the second highest non-volcanic peak in the state after Bonanza Peak and tenth-highest overall. Mount Stuart is the highest peak in the Stuart Range and it is located in the central part of the Washington Cascades south of Stevens Pass and east of Snoqualmie Pass in the Alpine Lakes Wilderness.Mount Stuart was given its name by George B.
 Limnaecia platyochra is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Daisy Pulls It Off is a comedy play by Denise Deegan. It is a parody of wholesome adventure stories about life in a 1920s girls' English boarding school such as those by Angela Brazil. The original production of the play opened at the Nuffield Theatre in 1983 and ran for 1180 performances.
 Jaya Ganga (French: Jaya fille du Gange) is an international film made by Paris-based Indian writer film maker and screenplay writer Vijay Singh.The film stars Asil Rais and Smriti Mishra as leads.The film is based on Vijay Singh's first novel Jaya Ganga In Search Of the River Goddess (French:Jaya Ganga le Gange et son double) (Penguin Delhi/London 1985. Rupa & Co. Delhi 2005. Ramsay Paris 1985; Ginkgo éditeur Paris 2005).
 Tanger Outlets Pittsburgh also called Tanger Outlets Washington is an open-air outlet mall in South Strabane Township in Washington County Pennsylvania owned by Tanger Factory Outlet Centers. It is located within the Pittsburgh Metro Area. It is located on Race Track Road off of Interstate 79 in Pennsylvania in a 122 acres (49 ha) development called Victory Center.
 All Saints Church Boltongate is in the village of Boltongate Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Solway the archdeaconry of West Cumberland and the diocese of Carlisle. A former fortified church it is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Elzer Berg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Mother Carey's Chickens is a novel by Kate Douglas Wiggin published in 1911 by Houghton Mifflin. It tells the story of a poor but happy family of four children who in spite of being fatherless make the lives of others better. Their home life becomes complicated when Julia a snobbish cousin comes to live with them. The Carey children suffer many disappointments (Gilbert must forego college for example) but Julia is transformed when she realizes happiness has little to do with wealth.
 Ocypode cursor the tufted ghost crab is a species of ghost crab found on sandy beaches along the coasts of the eastern Atlantic Ocean and eastern Mediterranean Sea.
 Mohammed Magoro (Born 7 May 1941) is a retired Major General of the Nigerian army who was twice a government minister under Generals Obasanjo and Buhari. In the April 2011 elections he was elected Senator for the Kebbi South constituency of Kebbi State Nigeria.
 The Grissom Gang is a 1971 American period gangster film directed and produced by Robert Aldrich. The screenplay was by Leon Griffiths based on the novel No Orchids for Miss Blandish by James Hadley Chase. The cinematographer was Joseph Biroc. The cast includes Kim Darby Scott Wilson Tony Musante Robert Lansing Irene Dailey Connie Stevens Wesley Addy Joey Faye and Ralph Waite.
 Hanappe Bazooka (花平バズーカ Hanappe Bazuuka) is a Japanese manga series created by Kazuo Koike and Go Nagai. It was originally published in Shueisha's Weekly Young Jump from 1979-06-07 to the issue of 1982-01-07/14. An OVA based on the manga was released in 1992 by Nippon Crown and it would later be released in the USA by ADV Films and in Italy by Dynamic Italia.
 Mowtowr-e Ahmad Naruyi Vahad Bamri (Persian: موتور احمد نارويي - واحد بامري‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Aḩmad Nārūyī Vāḩad Bāmrī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Punarbhaba (Poonorvoba Bengali: পুনরভব নদী) is a river of Bangladesh and West Bengal in India of total length about 160 km and a width of 3–8 km and its mean depth is 1.96 metres (6.4 ft) It originates from the lowlands of Thakurgaon District of Bangladesh. The river's upper part is a few kilometres west of Atrai. Dinajpur district town of Bangladesh is situated on the east bank of the river.
 Zdunek [ˈzdunɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myszyniec within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Myszyniec 34 km (21 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 126 km (78 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Wives and Other Wives is a 1918 American silent comedy-drama film directed by Lloyd Ingraham based on a story by Jules Furthman. The film stars Mary Miles Minter and Colin Chase in the lead roles.
 Caroline Bouvier Kennedy (born November 27 1957) is an American author attorney and diplomat who is the current United States Ambassador to Japan. She is a prominent member of the Kennedy family and the only surviving child of U.S. President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy.At the time of her father's presidency she was a young child; after his assassination in November 1963 her family settled in the Upper East Side of Manhattan where she attended school.
 Żelisławice [ʐɛliswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Secemin 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Włoszczowa and 54 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 440.
 The Encyclopædia of Ball Juggling (formerly Charlie Dancey's Encyclopædia of Ball Juggling) is a book about toss juggling with balls authored by the professional juggler Charlie Dancey and first published in 1994.
 A Dark Victory is a 1999 young-adult fantasy novel by Dave Luckett and is the last book in the Tenabran Trilogy. It follows the story of how Will is preparing for his final battle as Prince Nathan's armies mass on the moors.
 John Michael Landy AC CVO MBE (born 12 April 1930) is an Australian former Olympic track athlete. He was the second man to break the four-minute mile barrier in the mile run and he held the world records for the 1500 metre run and the mile race. He was also the 26th Governor of Victoria from 2001 to 2006.
 Aftermath is the fifth studio album released by power metal band Axenstar. It was recorded in Studio Underground. This album has been released on January 28 2011.
 Herzblut is an EP by German female hard rock singer Doro Pesch released in 2009 through AFM Records. The EP contains five version of the power ballad Herzblut also sung in French Spanish and Portuguese. The EP was issued a few weeks before the album Fear No Evil in 2009.The EP reached position No. 71 in the German singles chart.
 Fra' Galeas von Thun und Hohenstein (24 September 1850 – 26 March 1931) was the 75th Prince and Grand Master of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta from 1905 to 1931. His first name was also known as Galeazzo.
 John Young 1st Baron Lisgar Bt GCB GCMG PC (31 August 1807 – 6 October 1876) was the second Governor General of Canada in office from 1869 to 1872. From 1848 to 1870 he was known as Sir John Young 2nd Bt..
 The One Who Really Loves You is the second album recorded by R&B singer and Motown recording artist Mary Wells released in 1962 on the Motown label.
 Ytre Snillfjord is a village in the municipality of Snillfjord in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is located along the Snillfjorden near where it joins the Hemnfjorden. It is located about 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) west of the municipal center of Krokstadøra and about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) northeast of Kyrksæterøra in neighboring Hemne. The lake Våvatnet lies about 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) southeast of the village.
 Saunibius moyseyi is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae the only species in the genus Saunibius.
 Fred Smith (born March 27 1942 in Raleigh NC) is a North Carolina politician who served in the North Carolina Senate and ran for Governor of North Carolina in 2008.
 The Age of Revolution: Europe: 1789–1848 is a book by Eric Hobsbawm first published in 1962. It is the first in a trilogy of books about the long 19th century (coined by Hobsbawm) followed by The Age of Capital: 1848–1875 and The Age of Empire: 1875–1914.
 Sex and Breakfast is a 2007 independent dark comedy film starring Macaulay Culkin Eliza Dushku Alexis Dziena and Kuno Becker. Shooting took place in September 2006. The film opened in Los Angeles November 30 2007 and was released on DVD on January 22 2008 by First Look Pictures. The film was directed by first-time director Miles Brandman.
 Holy Trinity Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Hatfield Massachusetts United States. Founded 1916. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.The parish was closed at the end of 2009.
 Last Holiday is a 2006 American comedy film starring Queen Latifah and directed by Wayne Wang.Latifah plays a humble store assistant Georgia who is told that she has a rare brain condition and only a few weeks to live. She decides to spend her last funds on a luxury holiday in Europe before she dies. At the hotel she mixes in rich circles including by coincidence her employer.
 Zoologische Mededelingen publishes papers and monographs on vertebrate and invertebrate systematics. The publisher is the National Museum of Natural History Naturalis in The Netherlands. The first issue of Zoologische Mededeelingen appeared in 1915 as the official journal of Naturalis' predecessor 's Rijks Museum van Natuurlijke Historie.
 The G.C. Moses Block is a historic building located in Downtown Omaha Nebraska.
 Live In America is the fourth album by Victor Wooten released in 2001. The double disc contains highlights of the Yin Yang tour.
 The Metropolitan Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is a church located in Zamboanga City Philippines. It is the seat of the Archdiocese of Zamboanga.
 Cedar Grove is a historic plantation home located near Edgefield Edgefield County South Carolina. It was built about 1790 and is a large two-story Federal style house with a white clapboard exterior and high gable roof. It features a double-tiered portico with delicate Adamesque detail. The property features a landscape of tall cedars brought from Prussia as well as old English boxwoods and traces of an original rose garden like at John Blocker's grandfather’s home the Blocker House.
 The Royal Treatment is a romance novel by MaryJanice Davidson and the first in the Alaskan Royal series.
 Lago di Morghirolo is a lake in Ticino Switzerland. Its surface area is 9.25 ha. The lake can be reached by foot from Dalpe or Polpiano.
 Debra Moody (born May 28 1956) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives representing District 81 since January 8 2013.
 Seyyed Nazar (Persian: سيدنظر‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Naz̧ar; also known as Seyyed Nāşer) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Langvatnet (Lule Sami: Guhkesjávrre) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. The 13.97-square-kilometre (5.39 sq mi) lake is located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of the village of Straumen just north of Rago National Park and the border with Sweden.
 The Four-Story Mistake (1942) is a children's novel by award-winning author Elizabeth Enright. The second of her four books about the Melendy family it is preceded by The Saturdays and is followed by Then There Were Five and Spiderweb for Two: A Melendy Maze.
 Up Front is a 1951 comedy starring Tom Ewell and David Wayne based on Bill Mauldin's World War II comic characters Willie and Joe.
 Salute (1929) is a motion picture directed by John Ford starring George O’Brien Helen Chandler William Janney Stepin Fetchit and Frank Albertson about the football rivalry of the Army–Navy Game and of two brothers played by O'Brien and Janney one of West Point the other of Annapolis. John Wayne had an uncredited role in the film as one of three midshipmen who perform a mild hazing.The film was partly filmed on location at the Naval Academy in Annapolis Maryland.
 Tyrant (foaled 1799) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from April 1802 to April 1803 he ran four times and won two races. In the summer of 1802 he won the Derby on his second racecourse appearance but the rest of his form was moderate and he was not considered the best of his generation.
 The Markham Theatre (Markham Theatre for Performing Arts and renamed to FLATO Markham Theatre on April 2012) is a theatre located at 171 Town Centre Boulevard in the city of Markham Ontario Canada. The theatre initially opened in 1983 for local and school based productions. The theatre is best known for its performances in performing arts and drama.The theatre has been owned and operated by the City of Markham.
 Alligator Pie first published in 1974 is a popular book of children's poetry written by Dennis Lee and illustrated by Frank Newfeld. It won the Book of the Year award from the Canadian Library Association in 1975.The poem Alligator Pie itself is very popular in Canada and is known by most Canadians.
 Spirit of the Marathon II is a 2013 documentary film directed by Jon Dunham and the sequel to the 2008 film Spirit of the Marathon. The film chronicles the journey seven marathon runners experience leading up to competing in the 2012 Rome Marathon. It received a one-night limited release on over 600 screens in the United States on June 12 2013.
 The Praia River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Siruiyeh (Persian: سيروييه‎ also Romanized as Sīrūīyeh) is a village in Ashkara Rural District Fareghan District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 661 in 175 families.
 Kamal Chub Sar (Persian: كمل چوبسر‎ also Romanized as Kamal Chūb Sar) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 37 families.
 Magical Musical Tour (不思議な旅) is a studio album by Japanese duo Pink Lady. It was released on February 5 1979.
 Bara is a Village in Dildarnagar kamsar in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
 Ruth Teichman is a former Republican member of the Kansas Senate representing the 33rd District from 2001-2013. She was previously a member of the Stafford Board of Education for 20 years.A farmer and a banker from Stafford she is married to Dennis Teichman.
 Seyu Khosavi Anqolab (Persian: سيوخسوانقلاب‎ also Romanized as Seyū Khosavī Ānqolāb; also known as Seyū Khosavī Morādkhān and So’ūkhsū-ye Morādkhān) is a village in Gholaman Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 633 in 147 families.
 Kamień Śląski [ˈkamjɛɲ ˈɕlɔ̃ski] (German: Gross Stein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gogolin within Krapkowice County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Gogolin 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Krapkowice and 17 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 1500.
 John R. Taft Jr. (April 28 1954 – June 3 2007 ) was an American politician who served as President of the North Adams Massachusetts City Council and in 1983 as the acting Mayor of North Adams Massachusetts.
 Eclipse is a Canadian drama film written and directed by Jeremy Podeswa and released in 1994.Set in Toronto during the two-week period leading up to a total eclipse of the sun the film revolves around ten characters whose urban lifestyles are marked by emotional and social disconnection from others.
 Westfield Vancouver formerly known as Vancouver Mall is a shopping mall owned by Westfield Group and is located in Vancouver Washington. It is anchored by JCPenney Macy's Nordstrom and Sears.
 Yaaba is a 1989 Burkinabé drama film written produced and directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo. It won the Sakura Gold prize at the 1989 Tokyo Film Festival.The film was the subject of a short documentary Parlons Grand-mère which was shot during the film's production by Djibril Diop Mambéty.
 Fergus a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore was published in 1970 in the United States by Holt Rinehart and Winston.It tells the story of Fergus Fadden an Irish-born writer living in California who is haunted by ghosts from his past including that of his father.
 The Bootleg Series Vol. 8: Tell Tale Signs: Rare and Unreleased 1989–2006 is a compilation album by singer-songwriter Bob Dylan in his official bootleg series of rare and unissued recordings. It was originally released as a double and (limited edition) triple album. It was later released as a single album consisting of disc one of the double set.
 Alam Al Yawm (in Arabic عالم اليوم meaning The World of Today) is an Arabic newspaper published in Kuwait. The paper has an independent and moderate stance.
 Haliotoidea is a superfamily of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 Cocktails is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Harald Madsen Enid Stamp-Taylor and Carl Schenstrøm.
 Bussey Lake is a backwater lake on the Iowa side of the Upper Mississippi River located about 2 miles (3.2 km) above Lock and Dam No. 10 at Guttenberg Iowa. Measuring 213 acres (0.86 km2) it is part of the Upper Mississippi River National Wildlife and Fish Refuge.
 Scott Joplin House State Historic Site in St. Louis Missouri preserves the Scott Joplin Residence the home of composer Scott Joplin from 1900 to 1903. The house and its surroundings are maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site. It is located at 2658 Delmar Blvd St Louis MO.The house was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 1976.
 Robert Walter Bob Scott (June 13 1929 – January 23 2009) was the 67th Governor of the state of North Carolina from 1969 to 1973. He was born in Haw River North Carolina.The son of North Carolina Governor W. Kerr Scott and grandson and nephew of state legislators Scott was a dairy farmer before being elected to the post of Lieutenant Governor in 1964 and that of Governor in 1968.
 Kalijärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Nieledew [ɲɛˈlɛdɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Hrubieszów and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1700.
 Oxynoemacheilus paucilepis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oxynoemacheilus.
 Pseudoamuria neglecta is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family. It is found in Queensland.The length of the forewings is 7 mm for females. The wings are elongate. The upperside of the forewings is dark brownish grey with a small divided yellow spot on the distal part of the cell. The underside is greyish yellow proximally but darker and brownish distally. The Hindwings are opaque and densely scaled.
 Mats Christer Johannes Odell (born 30 April 1947) is a Swedish politician (Christian Democrat). He served as Minister for Communications from 1991 to 1994 and as Minister for Financial Markets from 2006 to 2010.Odell was chairman of the Young Christian Democrats 1975–1981.
 The Broad Exchange Building is located at 25 Broad Street Manhattan New York within the Financial District.
 Ziar Kola (Persian: زياركلا‎ also Romanized as Zīār Kolā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 47 families.
 The Journal of Basic and Applied Physics is a peer-reviewed scholarly journal published by World Academic Publishing. It covers topics of all respects of physics fundamentally and experimentally.
 Ptocheuusa guimarensis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 7.5-9 mm. The forewings are pale fawn brown with whitish cinereous lines and streaks. The hindwings are pale grey.
 Resket-e Sofla (Persian: رسكت سفلي‎ also Romanized as Resket-e Soflá; also known as Pā’īn Resket) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 16 families.
 Moredun Creek is a river of the state of New South Wales in Australia.
 Tracks is a novel by Louise Erdrich published in 1988. It is the third in a tetralogy of novels beginning with Love Medicine that explores the interrelated lives of four Anishinaabe families living on an Indian reservation near the fictional town of Argus North Dakota. Within the saga Tracks is earliest chronologically providing the back-story of several characters such as Lulu Lamartine and Marie Kashpaw who become prominent in the other novels.
 Scott R. Nein of Middletown Ohio is an American politician of the Republican party who formerly served in the Ohio General Assembly.
 Ohe (Allna) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Valea Fântânilor River is a tributary of the Sodom River in Romania.
 The Armenian shrew (Crocidura armenica) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Armenia.
 Boratyniec Ruski [bɔraˈtɨɲet͡s ˈruskʲi] (Ukrainian: Боратинець Руський Boratynets’ Rus’kyi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Siemiatycze and 82 km (51 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Deh-e Viran (Persian: ده ويران‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Vīrān and Deh Vīrān) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 21 families.
 Stolen Honor is a 45-minute video documentary that was released in September 2004. It features interviews with a number of American men who were prisoners of war in North Vietnam who contend they suffered increased maltreatment while prisoners as a direct result of John Kerry's Fulbright Hearing testimony in April 1971. The subtitle of the film is Wounds That Never Heal; on the production company's website the complete title is given instead as Stolen Honor: John Kerry's Record of Betrayal.
 The Time We Have Taken is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Steven Carroll. It is the third in a sequence of novels following The Art of the Engine Driver and The Gift of Speed which follow the development of an outer Melbourne suburb from the 1950s to the 1970s.
 Amphiarius phrygiatus is a species of sea catfish which occurs in brackish estuaries with very low salinities nearly entering freshwater and is found on shallow muddy bottoms ranging through Venezuela Guyana Surinam French Guiana and Brazil. It grows to about 30 centimetres (12 in) TL. As with other Arriid catfishes this species is a mouthbrooder. The female A. phrygiatus lays her eggs in a gelatinous mass on a sandy depression for the male to collect to mouthbrood.
 Kakuei Tanaka (田中 角栄 or 田中 角榮 Tanaka Kakuei 4 May 1918 – 16 December 1993) was a Japanese politician who served in the House of Representatives from April 26 1947 to January 24 1990 and as the 64th and 65th Prime Minister of Japan from 7 July 1972 to 9 December 1974 (his two terms being divided by the 1972 general election).After a power struggle with Takeo Fukuda he became the most influential member of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party from the mid-1960s until the mid-1980s.
 Sarvis Fork Covered Bridge also known as Sandyville Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located near Sandyville Jackson County West Virginia. It was built in 1889-1890 for $64.00 by R. B. Cunningham and G.W. Staats originally spanning John Carnahan's Fork a branch of Mill Creek. When State Route 33 was built using an iron bridge the covered bridge was first abandoned then moved and rebuilt over the left fork of the Sandy River for $1050.00.
 Przystałowice Duże [pʂɨstawɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klwów within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Klwów 14 km (9 mi) north of Przysucha and 85 km (53 mi) south of Warsaw.
 The bird genus Calyptomena first described by Thomas Stamford Raffles in 1822 consists of three species of south-east Asian broadbills with primarily green plumages. All are found in forests and two of the species are endemic to Borneo.
 Voice – The Best of Beverley Knight is the first greatest hits album by English R&B-soul singer Beverley Knight released in the United Kingdom on 20 March 2006 by Parlophone. The collection included twelve top forty singles including the new track and single Piece of My Heart.
 Fight Test is an EP by The Flaming Lips featuring the song of the same name released on Warner Bros. Records in 2003. The single version of Fight Test was released on June 23 2003 peaking at #28 in the UK Singles Chart. The song is originally from the 2002 album Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots.It is an enhanced CD containing covers of Radiohead's Knives Out Kylie Minogue's Can't Get You out of My Head and Beck's The Golden Age. In addition the EP includes two original songs.
 Lord Claud Hamilton PC (27 July 1813 – 3 June 1884) was a British Conservative politician. He notably served as Treasurer of the Household in 1852 and between 1858 and 1859 and as Vice-Chamberlain of the Household between 1866 and 1868.
 Joshua Coit (October 7 1758 – September 5 1798) was an eighteenth-century American lawyer and politician. He served as a United States Representative from Connecticut.
 London Breed (born 1974) is an American politician currently serving on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors representing District 5.Breed was raised by her grandmother in public housing in the Western Addition.
 Francisco Grande is a hotel and golf resort is located in Casa Grande Arizona approximately 46 miles south east of Phoenix.
 The Artemis Fowl Files (208 pages total) is a companion book to the Artemis Fowl series written by Eoin Colfer.It contains two short stories one about Captain Holly Short joining LEPrecon and the second (The Seventh Dwarf) about Mulch Diggums and Artemis Fowl working together to steal a tiara.
 Mr Darwin's Shooter is a 1998 novel by Roger McDonald. It describes the life of Syms Covington manservant to Charles Darwin on the voyage of the Beagle. The book deals with three periods of Covington's life: childhood adolescence whilst on the HMS Beagle and middle age where Covington is struggling to deal with the conflict between his religious views and his role in the formulation of the theory of natural selection.
 The Gripping Hand is a 1993 novel by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle. It is a sequel to their multi-award-nominated 1974 work The Mote in God's Eye. The Gripping Hand is chronologically the last novel to be set in the CoDominium universe (though in 2010 Pournelle's daughter released an authorized sequel).
 Piz Salatschina is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps located south of Sils im Engadin in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Piz Fora between the Val Fedoz and the Val Fex.
 Elk Peak at 10582 feet (3225 m) above sea level is the eighth highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Boise and Custer counties. The peak is located 2.88 mi (4.63 km) west-northwest of Mount Cramer its line parent. It is the 240th highest peak in Idaho and 0.5 mi (0.80 km) south-southeast of Reward Peak.
 James Gladstone (or Akay-na-muka meaning Many guns) (May 21 1887 – September 4 1971) was the first Status Indian to be appointed to the Canadian Senate.Gladstone was a Cree by birth but was adopted by the Blood Reserve on which he was born; the Blood belonged to the Blackfoot nation.
 A Family Album is a children's album by The Verve Pipe released in 2009.
 Joe Magarac and His USA Citizen Papers is a novel for children by the American writer Irwin Shapiro (1911–1981) set in the steel valley of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of the legendary steelworker Joe Magarac who when a mill boss tells him that he needs $1000 to get his American citizenship papers goes on a working spree to earn the money. Magarac gets angry however when a U.S. Congressman tells him to go back to the Old Country where he came from.
 Aashiq is a 1962 Hindi movie directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The film stars Raj Kapoor Nanda Padmini Keshto Mukherjee and Leela Chitnis. The films music is by Shankar Jaikishan.
 Chimpanzees sometimes colloquially chimp are two extant hominid species of apes in the genus Pan. The Congo River divides the native habitats of the two species:Common chimpanzee Pan troglodytes (West and Central Africa)Bonobo Pan paniscus (forests of the Democratic Republic of the Congo)Chimpanzees are members of the family Hominidae along with gorillas humans and orangutans. Chimpanzees split from the human branch of the family about four to six million years ago.
 The Bonnie Parker Story is a 1958 crime film directed by William Witney. It is loosely based on the life of Bonnie Parker a well-known outlaw of the 1930s. The film stars Dorothy Provine as Parker; Parker's actual historical partner Clyde Barrow is renamed Guy Darrow for the film's story and played by Jack Hogan.
 Halsbury’s Statutes of England and Wales (commonly referred to as Halsbury's Statutes) is the authoritative source for statute law in England and Wales.
 Published in 1886 The Pedlar's Pack is a fairy tale written by Mary de Morgan (1850-1907). The protagonist is a traveller and salesman who meets three animals on his journey to a nearby town; the story concludes with the four travellers bitterly vowing to never trust one another again.
 Major Robert Alan McFarland MLA (born 9 August 1949 in Plumbridge County Tyrone) was an Independent Unionist politician and MLA for North Down in Northern Ireland. He lost his Assembly seat in the 2011 election.He attended Rockport School near Holywood and Campbell College in east Belfast. After a short career in banking he was admitted to the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst and was commissioned into the Royal Tank Regiment in 1974.
 Pällu is a village in Saue Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Anaeini is a tribe of Neotropical brush-footed butterflies.
 Athiradi Padai is a 1994 Tamil language film directed by R. K. Selvamani. The film features Rahman and Roja in lead roles whilst Suman Lakshmi Vijayakumar and Silk Smitha play supporting roles.
 The E.N.D (an abbreviation of The Energy Never Dies) is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas. It was released on June 3 2009. Critics described the album as containing more anthemic and inspirational songs in the group's bid to appeal to a new generation of music listeners.Three promotional singles Imma Be Alive and Meet Me Halfway were released through the iTunes Store in the three weeks running up to the album's release.
 Devoted To Your Memory is the 22nd album by country singer Moe Bandy released in 1983 on the Columbia label recorded at Woodland Studio B.
 The Zimbru River or Ioșel River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 The Bentley Brook or Bradbourne Brook is a small tributary of the River Dove in Derbyshire England and is 14.5 kilometres (9 miles) long
 Greg Ayers is an Australian atmospheric scientist and was Director of the Australian Bureau of Meteorology from March 2009 until February 2012 when he resigned due to ill health.Prior to his working at the Bureau of Meteorology Ayers was Chief of Marine and Atmospheric Research at the CSIRO where he had worked since 1975.
 Franklin Evans; or The Inebriate is a temperance novel by Walt Whitman first published in 1842.
 The Omen (also known as The Omen: 666) is a 2006 remake of Richard Donner's The Omen. Directed by John Moore and written by David Seltzer the film stars Julia Stiles Liev Schreiber and Mia Farrow. It was released worldwide on June 6 2006.
 Globodera tabacum commonly known as a tobacco cyst nematode is a plant parasitic nematode that mainly infests the tobacco plant but also plants in Solanaceae family.
 Verdena is the first released demotape by the Italian alternative-rock band Verdena recorded in 1997.
 Hehuanshan (Chinese: 合歡山; pinyin: Héhuān Shān; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ha̍p-hoan-soaⁿ; also called Joy Mountain) is a 3416 metres (11207 ft) high mountain in Central Taiwan. The peak lies on the boundaries of Nantou and Hualien counties and is within the Taroko Gorge National Park. Hehuanshan is a popular destination for the local people of central Taiwan. The 3421-metre East Peak and 3422-metre North Peak of Hehuanshan are actually both higher than the main peak.
 Oklahoma! is a 1955 musical film based on the 1943 stage musical Oklahoma! written by composer Richard Rodgers and lyricist/librettist Oscar Hammerstein II and starring Gordon MacRae Shirley Jones (in her film debut) Rod Steiger Charlotte Greenwood Gloria Grahame Gene Nelson James Whitmore and Eddie Albert. The production was the only musical directed by Fred Zinnemann. Oklahoma! was the first feature film photographed in the Todd-AO 70 mm widescreen process.
 Clerc-Carson House is a historic home located at Ripley Jackson County West Virginia. It was built about 1880 and is a two-story two-story asymmetrical brick dwelling with a T-shaped plan in the Italianate style. It features a low hipped roof with wide eaves eaves brackets and cornice dentils and the original shutters in working order. The house has been destroyed.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 John Holmes House also known as the Cresse-Holmes House is located in the Cape May Court House section of Middle Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The house was originally thought to be built in 1755 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 12 1979. Later research has shown the date of the oldest part of the house to be 1704 built by John Cresse. The newer portion of the house was built by Robert Morris Holmes son of John Holmes in 1830.
 The William Steele House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It dates from c.1850. It includes Central passage plan and other architecture.When listed the property included three contributing buildings and three contributing structures on an area of 5.5 acres (2.2 ha).The NRHP eligibility of the property was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 The Maison des Rochers is located in the hamlet of Graufthal in the Eschbourg commune of the department of Bas-Rhin. These three semi-troglodyte rock houses were restored and refurbished with furniture and mementos of the past in 1958. They were included in the supplementary inventory of historical monuments in 1988.Today they are maintained by an association dedicated to their development and are open to visitors.
 Zodarion merlijni is a spider species found in Portugal and Spain.
 Otjikoto Lake is the smaller of only two permanent natural lakes in Namibia. It is a sinkhole lake that was created by a collapsing karst cave. It is located 20 kilometres (12 mi) from Tsumeb and only a few meters from the main road B1. The diameter of the lake is 102 metres (335 ft); its depth is undetermined.
 Índigo is the third studio album by the Portuguese pop singer Susana Félix.It was recorded in 2006 and released in that same year. The lead single of the album was Flutuo followed by Concilios Lua Na Ponte Sou Eu and Fintar a Pulsação.
 Cryptomyelois irmhilda is a species of snout moths in the genus Cryptomyelois. It was described by Roesler and Küppers in 1979 and is known from northern Sumatra.
 The Green Swamp is a 1916 silent drama starring Bessie Barriscale and written by C. Gardner Sullivan.
 Siemczyn [ˈɕemt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozielice within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Mount Seppiko (雪彦山 Seppiko-san) is a mountain or mountains in Himeji Hyōgo Japan. This mountain is one of the San-hiko-san three Hiko Shugendō mountains in Japan and also one of Hyōgo 50 mountains and Kinki 100 mountains. It forms part of Seppiko-Mineyama Prefectural Natural Park.
 The Lemon Drop Kid is a 1951 comedy film based on the short story of the same name by Damon Runyon starring Bob Hope and Marilyn Maxwell and directed by Sidney Lanfield.The song Silver Bells sung by Hope and Maxwell was introduced in the film. Lanfield is credited as the director but Frank Tashlin reportedly was hired uncredited to finish the film.The story was also made as a movie in 1934 starring Lee Tracy with a bit part for actress Ann Sheridan.
 The Whiskered Flowerpecker (Dicaeum proprium) is a species of bird in the Dicaeidae family. It is endemic to the island of Mindanao in the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Acantharctia vittata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Aurivillius in 1899. It is found in Botswana and South Africa.
 Knochenkult is the seventh studio album by the German dark metal band Eisregen released as Jewelcase Digipak with the Bonustrack `Blut ist Leben´ and a boxset with a shirt the digipak which is limited to 1000 copies through Massacre Records in 2008.
 Mozdabad (Persian: مزداباد‎ also Romanized as Mozdābād) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District Nimbeluk District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 82 families.
 Hassle is the debut album by the Swedish pop singer Erik Hassle. The album was released on August 19 2009 in Sweden and features the top 30 singles Hurtful and Don't Bring Flowers. The album peaked at number 2 on the Swedish album charts.
 Aubrey Peak also known as Grooms Peak is a summit located southeast of Flagstaff in Mohave County Arizona and is in the Hualapai Mountains.The peak can approached from the town of Wikieup on U.S. Route 93 by way of Chicken Spring Road which ascends to a saddle on the mountains northwest flank.The Aubrey Peak is profiled in Hiking Arizona's Geology as Hike 29 Aubrey Peak Road.
 Engeyum Kadhal (English: Love is Everywhere) is a 2011 Tamil romantic musical-film written and directed by Prabhu Deva that stars Jayam Ravi and Hansika Motwani in the lead roles. Featuring music by Harris Jayaraj it was produced by Kalpathi S. Agoram and released on 6 May 2011 to mixed reviews. The story revolves around a girl living in France who falls in love with a boy coming from India.
 Millions is a children's novel published early in 2004 the first book by British screenwriter Frank Cottrell Boyce. It is an adaptation of his screenplay for the film Millions although it was released six months before the movie (September).
 The Ontonagon Harbor Piers Historic District is historic shipping structure located on the Ontonagon River at Lake Superior in Ontonagon Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Mardock Mission is a historic church and school in Stella Oklahoma.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Boniad (Persian: بنياد‎ also Romanized as Bonīād and Bonyād; also known as Bonīāb) is a village in Kaki Rural District Kaki District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 831 in 157 families.
 Perfil is an Argentine tabloid newspaper based in Buenos Aires.
 Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz is the fourth book set in the Land of Oz written by L. Frank Baum and illustrated by John R. Neill. It was published on June 18 1908 and reunites Dorothy with the humbug Wizard from The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
 Play It Like That is the second and final album by Australian female pop group Bardot released in November 2001 (see 2001 in music).The album debuted at number 16 in Australia and spawned the singles ASAP I Need Somebody and Love Will Find a Way.
 The W. A. Mason House is an historic house at 87 Raymond Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1846 and extended to the rear in 1867 giving it a T shape. Its massing is Italianate but its corner pilasters give it a Greek Revival character. W. A. Mason for whom it was built was a city surveyor who was responsible for surveying and platting a significant amount of the city.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Littlefield-Roberts House is an historic house at 16 Prescott Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1873 by Joseph Littlefield and is one of the finest late Second Empire houses in the city. The main facade has a heavily ornamented entry on the left and a full-height projecting bay on the right that is capped by a polygonal roof.
 Khunwa (Hindi: खुनवा) is a village in Shohratgarh tehsil of Siddharthnagar district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is located on the border with Nepal across from the town Taulihawa. Movement of Nepalese and Indian nationals across the border is unrestricted however there is a customs checkpoint for goods.
 Saints' Rest was the second building erected on the campus of the Agricultural College of the State of Michigan (now Michigan State University). It was built in 1856 and served as the school's only dormitory until 1870 when Williams Hall was completed. Along with College Hall and a horse barn it was one of three buildings completed when the college opened for classes in 1857.As the campus's only residence hall the building had no official name.
 Look Sharp Live is a concert video mixed with music videos by the Swedish pop duo Roxette released on VHS in October 1989. It features footage from a concert at Borgholm Castle in Borgholm Sweden 1989. Most of the shots were done by a Swedish and American crew. Two choppers were lent by the Swedish Air Force and Swedish media for aerial shots.
 John Reading (6 June 1686 – 5 November 1767) was the first native-born governor of New Jersey United States serving in 1747 and again from September 1757 to June 1758. His father Colonel John Reading was the first major landowner in Hunterdon County. Governor Reading was one of the founders and trustees of the College of New Jersey which later became Princeton University. The Reading family is still influential in the state of New Jersey.
 Chonopla is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 The Sacred Heart RC Church is a Roman Catholic church and parish in North Gosforth Newcastle upon Tyne in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Hexham and Newcastle. Situated to the south of the village of Wideopen and north of Gosforth Park the church is a Grade II listed building.
 The City is an 1894 poem by Constantin Cavafy. Originally written in Greek an English translation appears in the appendix of the Lawrence Durrell novel Justine (Faber and Faber 1957); Cavafy is a character in the work. The narrator of Justine refers to his translation of the poem The City as by no means literal (page 221).
 Celaenorrhinus rubeho is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in eastern Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests at altitudes between 1900 and 2000 meters.The length of the forewings is 20.2 mm for males. The female of this species is unknown.
 The Museum of Science and History (MOSH) is a museum in Jacksonville Florida USA. It is a private non-profit institution located on the Southbank Riverwalk and the city's most visited museum. It specializes in science and local history exhibits. It features a main exhibit that changes quarterly three floors of permanent exhibits and the Bryan Gooding Planetarium.
 Vrući dani i vrele noći (meaning in Serbo-Croat: Hot days and scorching nights) was a compilation album released by Jugoton in 1982 in the former SFR Yugoslavia.It included eminent former Yugoslav pop and rock artists mostly from the new wave scene in Yugoslavia.
 Oreopithecus is an extinct primate from the Miocene epoch whose fossils have been found in today's Tuscany and Sardinia in Italy.
 Miskin Manor is a Victorian manor house built in 1864 in a Tudor style situated in the village of Miskin in Rhondda Cynon Taf south Wales. The house is claimed to be haunted. The estate was owned by the Williams family including Rhys Rhys-Williams for many years who were descended from the Welsh bard David Williams. Today the manor is used as a hotel and venue for wedding receptions.
 Alone Yet Not Alone is a 2013 American historical adventure drama film directed by Ray Bengston and co-directed by George D. Escobar starring Kelly Greyson Racoosin Jenn Gotzon and Clay Walker. Alone Yet Not Alone received an Academy Award Nomination (2013) for Best Song Alone Yet Not Alone and week later rescinded.
 The David Cummins Octagon House is an historic octagon house located at 301 Liberty Street in Conneaut Ohio. Built in 1860 it is named for David Cummins who founded the Cummins Canning Company in Conneaut.
 The Indian Journal of Pathology and Microbiology is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Association of Pathologists and Microbiologists. It was initially called Indian Journal of Pathology and Bacteriology. The journal publishes articles on the subjects of pathology (including surgical pathology cytology and hematology) and microbiology (including bacteriology virology and parasitology).
 Hans Christian Andersen's The Little Mermaid (アンデルセン童話 にんぎょ姫 Anderusen Dōwa Ningyo hime lit. Andersen's Fairy Tales: Princess Mermaid) is a Japanese anime film based on Hans Christian Andersen's eponymous fairy tale released in 1975 by Toei Animation. Unlike the later Walt Disney Pictures animated film adaptation released 14 years later this film is closer to Andersen's original story notably in its preservation of the original tragic ending.
 Ancistrogobius is a genus of gobies native to the western Pacific Ocean.
 Woundlicker is a novel by the journalist Jason Johnson which is set in Belfast Northern Ireland. The story takes place during the slow-moving Northern Ireland peace process talks of 2004 and is written as the verbatim transcription of a covert British government recording. Johnson said his debut novel published in 2005 was a story without heroes set in a city where there are far too many.
 Thirteen Minutes Magazine (sometimes abbreviated 13MinMag) is a magazine published by (IMatrix Inc.) in the United States which covers high fashion Asian women’s beauty movies/TV food and popular culture.(13 Minutes) is a new magazine about bicultural Asians and those interested in Asian culture.The magazine follows a typical format by featuring an editor’s monthly thoughts and table of contents in the first few pages while also featuring advertisements.
 The Toowoomba Chronicle is a daily newspaper serving Toowoomba the Lockyer Valley and Darling Downs regional areas in Queensland Australia. The newspaper is owned by APN News & Media.The circulation of The Toowoomba Chronicle is 22808 Monday to Friday and 30270 on Saturday.The Toowoomba Chronicle website is part of the APN Regional News Network.
 Jal Mahal (meaning Water Palace) is a palace located in the middle of the Man Sagar Lake in Jaipur city the capital of the state of Rajasthan India. The palace and the lake around it were renovated and enlarged in the 18th century by Maharaja Jai Singh II of Amber.The Jal Mahal palace has got an eye-popping makeover. Traditional boat-makers from Vrindavan have crafted the Rajput style wooden boats. A gentle splashing of oars on the clear lake waters takes you to Jal Mahal.
 Rob Cook is a Republican member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to House District 27 which represents the Conrad area.
 Pleasant Dreams is the sixth studio album by the American punk rock band the Ramones released on July 20 1981 through Sire Records. While the band members wanted Steve Lillywhite to produce Sire chose Graham Gouldman in an attempt to gain popularity through a well-known recording manager. The recording process brought about many conflicts between band members most notably the strife between Joey Ramone and Johnny Ramone where Johnny began dating one of Joey's ex-girlfriends.
 The Last Tycoons: The Secret History of Lazard Frères & Co. is the debut book by William D. Cohan. It was released on April 3 2007 by Doubleday. It focuses on the history of the prominent investment bank Lazard Frères. The book won the 2007 Financial Times and Goldman Sachs Business Book of the Year Award.
 Kollau is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 Completed in 1899 the New Zealand Parliamentary Library is the oldest of the buildings in the Parliament complex. It stands to the north of Parliament House (to its right looking from the front).The library was designed in Gothic revival style and was fire resistant being constructed of masonry. The third story of the design was not built to save money. It had an iron fire-door separating the library from the main entrance section.
 Villa Larca is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Joseph E. Jeb Bradley (born October 20 1952) is an American politician and member of the Republican Party who currently serves as the Majority Leader of the New Hampshire Senate. He represents his hometown of Wolfeboro New Hampshire and 16 other towns in east-central New Hampshire. He was formerly a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives and served as the U.S. Representative for New Hampshire's 1st congressional district from 2003 to 2007.
 Brain of Blood (1972) also known as The Creature's Revenge The Oozing Skull and The Undying Brain is an American horror film directed by Al Adamson and starring Grant Williams Kent Taylor and Reed Hadley. The film was shot in one go and is the only one of Hemisphere Production's films to be filmed in the United States. It was also Hadley's last film appearance before his death in 1972.
 Paşaköy Yenipazar is a village in the District of Yenipazar Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 394 people.
 The Job is an independent darkly comic drama written and directed by Shem Bitterman based on his 1998 play. The world premiere of The Job was at the San Diego Film Festival on September 26 2009.
 Father of Invention is a 2010 American comedy-drama film directed by Trent Cooper and starring Kevin Spacey Camilla Belle and Johnny Knoxville.
 Enchanted Piano is the ninth studio album from American New Age pianist Kevin Kern and his tenth overall (excluding territory-exclusive albums). As with his preceding and succeeding albums it is an album of instrumental songs. It was released on January 17 2012.Unlike Kern's past albums this album breaks away from his other in the way that it is recorded solely on the piano; as such there are no other instruments whatsoever on the album.
 Live: The Beautiful Soul Tour is the name of a live album and live DVD by American pop singer Jesse McCartney. It features live performances of songs from his debut studio album Beautiful Soul. Two songs from the studio version Come To Me and Why Is Love So Hard To Find are replaced with Best Day of My Life and Good Life.
 The Hyer--Knowles Planing Mill Chimney in Pensacola Florida is all that remains of an 1854 steam-powered sawmill. When the Confederacy abandoned the city in 1862 all the mills were destroyed so they could not be used by the Union. The only part of the building that survived was the chimney. It is now part of Chimney Park a wayside park along US 90. The chimney was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 24 2012.
 Never Tease a Siamese: A Leigh Koslow Mystery is a crime novel by the American writer Edie Claire set in contemporary Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of advertising copywriter Leigh Koslow as she investigates the death of wealthy socialite Lilah Murchison. The reclusive millionaire and rumored black widow was detested by most everyone including her own son who expects to share his inheritance with the throng of Siamese that inhabit his mother’s dreary mansion.
 Aravind 2 is a Telugu film Directed by Sekhar Suri starring Sri Madhavi Latha Kamal Kamaraju Srinivas Avasarala and Adonica in the Lead and is a sequel to the Successful movie A Film by Aravind. G. Phanindra and G. Vijay Choudary produced this film on Sri Vijayabheri Productions Banner while Vijay Kurakula provided the music. The Movie has been inspired from an english movie 'Friday the 13th'.The Movie is scheduled for a release in end of March 2013.
 Emerald City is a 1987 play by Australian playwright David Williamson a satire about two entertainment industries: film and publishing.
 Milorg is the fourth album by the Norwegian black metal band Vreid. The name leads from the Norwegian resistance group Milorg in World War II. The songs are all about the German invasion of Norway during the Weserübung and their fight against them.
 Amor Lakeis a lake on Vancouver Island at the head of Amor De Cosmos Creek and northwest of the city of Campbell River.
 Paul N. Stockton is Managing Director for Sonecon LLC a DC-based advisory firm and in 2013 served as co-chair of the Department of Defense's Independent Review of the September 2013 Navy Yard Shooting. From 2009-2013 Stockton served as Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Americas' Security Affairs or ASD(HD&ASA) where he helped lead the Department’s response to Superstorm Sandy.
 Torgau (foaled 1997–) was an Irish-bred British-trained champion Thoroughbred racehorse. As a two-year-old in 1999 she won the Group Two Cherry Hinton Stakes and finished second in the Group One Moyglare Stud Stakes and the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes. At the time of her success her trainer Giles Bravery had only nine horses in his stable. Torgau was named European Champion Two-year-old Filly of 1999 at the Cartier Racing Awards.
 High Elms Manor is a grade II listed Georgian country house located near Garston in Hertfordshire England. It was built in around 1812 and was originally known as High Elms but from the 1890s to 2010 it was called Garston Manor.In the post WWII years the house was a rehabilitation centre but it later fell derelict. In the 1990s an American named Sheila O'Neill bought and restored it and used it as a Montessori School.
 Coleophora hystricella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found on the Canary Islands (Fuerteventura) and in Algeria Tunisia and Turkey.
 TelevisionWeek is a trade magazine delivering news analysis and data on television and media. It was founded in 1982 as Electronic Media. It is currently owned by Crain Communications Inc.. The current editor is Greg Baumann. The corporate and circulation departments are based at Crain's headquarters in Detroit Michigan.
 Sarnowo [sarˈnɔvɔ] (German: Rehgart) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 The Boss Men is an album by organist Don Patterson with saxophonist Sonny Stitt and drummer Billy James recorded in late 1965 and released on the Prestige label.
 Aladin is a 2009 Bollywood fantasy adventure film directed by Sujoy Ghosh. Amitabh Bachchan Ritesh Deshmukh Jacqueline Fernandez and Sanjay Dutt appear in pivotal roles in the movie. Sabu Cyril designed the sets of this film.
 Black Sun Rising published in 1991 is a fantasy novel by C. S. Friedman. It is the first book in the Coldfire Trilogy followed by When True Night Falls.
 Chodov (Karlovy Vary District) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Barocco is a 1976 French romantic thriller film directed by André Téchiné. The film stars Isabelle Adjani Gérard Depardieu and Marie-France Pisier. Identity redemption and resurrection are the themes of the film. The plot follows a young woman who convinces her boxer boyfriend to accept a bribe to tell a lie that discredits a local politician. When the boyfriend is murdered she is racked with guilt until she meets the killer and plans to remake him into the image of her slain lover.
 Marianna Missouri Pacific Depot in Marianna Arkansas was built in 1915. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Reign of Assassins is a 2010 wuxia film directed by Su Chao-pin and co-directed by John Woo. The film is shot in China and set during the Ming Dynasty. The film stars Michelle Yeoh who plays an assassin who tries to return to a normal life after being counseled by a monk. After saving her husband and herself from robbers she attracts the attention of her former assassin gang.The film began production on October 30 and was shot in China and Taiwan.
 Kindari Jogi (Kannada: ಕಿಂದರಿಜೋಗಿ) is a 1989 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed co-written and enacted by V. Ravichandran along with Juhi Chawla pairing together again after the successful previous film Premaloka (1988). The supporting cast features Lokesh Doddanna Abhinaya and Mukhyamantri Chandru among others.The film was presented and produced by N. Veeraswamy under his home production Eshwari Productions.
 Catastia kistrandella is a species of snout moth in the genus Catastia. It was described by Opheim in 1963. It is found in Fennoscandia and northern Russia.The wingspan is 18–22 mm.
 Mount Lauro is a mountain reaching 986 metres located in south-eastern Sicily belonging to the chain of Hyblaean Mountains stretching between three provinces of Catania Ragusa and Siracusa.
 The Firth of Thames is a large bay located in the north of the North Island of New Zealand. It is the firth of the rivers Waihou and Piako the former of which was formerly named the Thames River and the town of Thames lies on its southeastern coast.Its original name is Tikapa.The firth lies at the southern end of the Hauraki Gulf southeast of the city of Auckland.
 Étang de la Montoie is a pond at Cornol in the Canton of Jura Switzerland.The commune of Cornol's web site describes the 1.4 hectare pond as an idyllic place allowing one to give oneself over to fishing walking or resting. (L'étang de la Montoie est un emplacement idyllique permettant de s'adonner à la pêche aux promenades ou au repos.)The Société de l'Étang de la Montoie includes about 50 fishermen and 100 supporting members.
 Balef Kola-ye Gharbi (Persian: بالف كلاغربي‎ also Romanized as Bālef Kolā-ye Gharbī) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 33 families.
 Javardeh (Persian: جاورده‎ also Romanized as Jāvardeh and Jāvar Deh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1582 in 239 families.
 Viscount Saskatchewan is a village in the rural municipality of Viscount No. 341 Saskatchewan in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. Viscount is located on Saskatchewan Highway 16 the Yellowhead in central Saskatchewan. Viscount post office first opened in 1908 at the legal land description of Sec.29 Twp.34 R.26 W2 . Viscount is located east of Colonsay and west of Lanigan
 Longworth Roman Catholic Chapel is a redundant chapel in the village of Bartestree Herefordshire England standing adjacent to the former Convent of Our Lady of Charity and Refuge. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is owned by the Historic Chapels Trust.
 Kal Qeysari-ye Olya (Persian: كل قيصري عليا‎ also Romanized as Kal Qeyṣarī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Rak Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 6 families.
 Mohammad Khan (Persian: محمدخان‎ also Romanized as Mohammed Khān; also known as Kalāteh-ye Moḩammad Khān Kalāt-e Mohammad Khān and Qalāteh Muhammad Khān) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 9 families.
 Stanley is a 1996 play written by English playwright Pam Gems. The play was premiered at the Royal National Theatre's Cottesloe Theatre in London.
 Kish Mauve EP is the debut extended play by British electronic duo Kish Mauve. It was released on 11 July 2005 by Sunday Best Recordings. The song Two Hearts was later recorded by Australian singer Kylie Minogue for her album X (2007).
 Erle Edwards Barham (born July 10 1937) is an American farmer and conservationist in Oak Ridge a village in Morehouse Parish in north Louisiana best known for having been the first Republican elected—by a 29-vote margin—to the Louisiana State Senate since the era of Reconstruction. Barham represented the agricultural District 33 from 1976 to 1980. He was narrowly unseated in the 1979 nonpartisan blanket primary by the Democrat David Bo Ginn of Bastrop who held the seat until 1988.
 Signer's House and Matthew Thornton Cemetery is a historic site in Merrimack New Hampshire United States. It was home to Matthew Thornton a signer of the U.S. Declaration of Independence.The house was built in 1770 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Derby Toadlet (Uperoleia aspera) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.It is endemic to the Kimberley region near Derby and Broome in Western Australia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Keilhaus topp is one of Norway's highest mountains but is not always included in rankings due to its prominence of only 20 m.The summit lies approximately 750 m east of Galdhøpiggen Norway's highest.
 Tetrathemis denticauda is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Lostener See is a lake in West Mecklenburg Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 35.9 m its surface area is 0.22 km².
 Berit Ås (born Skarpaas April 10 1928 in Fredrikstad Norway) is a Norwegian politician Professor Emerita of social psychology at the University of Oslo and feminist. She was the first leader of the Socialist Left Party (1975–1976) and served as a Member of the Parliament of Norway 1973–1977. She was also a deputy member of parliament 1969–1973 (for the Norwegian Labour Party) and 1977–1981 (for the Socialist Left Party).
 The Sorrows of Young Werther (German: Die Leiden des jungen Werthers) is an epistolary and loosely autobiographical novel by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe first published in 1774; a revised edition of the novel was published in 1787. Werther was an important novel of the Sturm und Drang period in German literature and influenced the later Romantic literary movement.
 Current Gene Therapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Bentham Science Publishers. The editor-in-chief is Ignacio Anegon (INSERM UMR 1064 Nantes France). The focus of this journal is pre-clinical or clinical research on gene therapy. Formats of publication include original research reports review papers and rapid communications (letters).
 Isaac Stephenson (June 18 1829 – March 15 1918) was an American politician of the Republican Party who represented Wisconsin as both a United States Representative and a United States Senator.He was born in the Canadian community of Yorkton near Fredericton in York County New Brunswick to Isaac Stephenson (1790–ca. 1875) a lumberman and farmer born in Ireland of Scotch-Irish ancestry and Elizabeth (Watson) Stephenson (?–1838) who was born in London.
 Mirabelle was a restaurant in the Mayfair area of London. First opened in 1936 it became popular during the 50s and 60s with certain celebrities being regulars. Chef Marco Pierre White bought it and owned it from 1998 to 2007 during which time reports of celebrities dining at the restaurant once more occurred. It was sold in 2007. It earned a Michelin star in 2008 under head chef Charlie Rushton and the star was kept until its closure for refurbishment later in 2008.
 Qazi Akhavi (Persian: قاضي اخوي‎ also Romanized as Qāẕī Akhavī) is a village in Behi Dehbokri Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 50 families.
 The Haunted Bridge is the fifteenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was originally published by Grosset & Dunlap in 1937.
 Gymnobela adenicus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Lubochnia Dworska [luˈbɔxɲa ˈdvɔrska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sympistis opleri is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Wyoming.The wingspan is about 27 mm.
 Callipielus digitata is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Chile.
 The Night Before Christmas (Russian: Ночь пе́ред Рождество́м Noch pered Rozhdestvom) is a 1951 Soviet animated film directed by the Brumberg sisters and produced by the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow. The film is based on Nikolai Gogol's story The Night Before Christmas.The animation features heavy use of rotoscoping known as Éclair in the Soviet Union and is an example of the Socialist-Realist period in Russian animation.
 Arc Dome is the high point of the Toiyabe Range in northwestern Nye County in central Nevada in the western United States. It is one of the most prominent peaks in the contiguous states. The peak is located about 53 miles (85 km) north of the community of Tonopah The higher elevations of this section of the Toiyabe Range are in the Arc Dome Wilderness.Arc Dome is sometimes confused with Toiyabe Dome but these are separate peaks.
 The Ogașu Streneac is a tributary of the Lăpușnicu River in Romania.
 Dusk... and Her Embrace is the second studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth. It was released on 19 November 1996 and is their first release on the label Music for Nations.The album was reissued in 2012 by The End Records.
 Gospeed is the second studio album by Swedish singer Vincent Pontare also known as Vincent. It was released on Little Stereo Recordings label in 2011 and distributed by Warner Music Sweden AB as a follow-up to his debut album Lucky Thirteen. It contains 9 tracks with a 1960s and 1970s feel. It is mostly co-written by Vincent and John Engelbert of the band Johnossi.
 Jatt & Juliet 2 is a 2013 Punjabi romance comedy film directed by Anurag Singh. The film is a sequel to the 2012 blockbuster Jatt & Juliet however not directly or story-wise. Actors Diljit Dosanjh and Neeru Bajwa reprise their roles from the previous film in the sequel amongst other characters. The film released on 28 June 2013 almost a year after the release of the prequel and received a positive response at the box office.
 Brave Dog Mountain (8468 feet (2581 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Kalem Mama (Call Mama) is a 2003 Egyptian romantic comedy film written by Mostafa El Sobki and directed by Ahmad Awwadh.
 Le Râteau is a mountain in the French Alps. Located in the Massif des Écrins the mountain is 3809 metres (12497 ft) tall.The mountain overlooks the valley of the Romanche river and the village of La Grave to the north. The summit is very close to Meije which is separated by a ridge.Le Râteau has the appearance of a rake or a comb with several teeth; the English translation of le râteau is the rake. The mountain has two distinct peaks at its ends.
 North Grand Mall is a 340000-square-foot shopping center serving the city of Ames Iowa and owned by GK Development Inc. since 2004. In 2006 plans were announced for a $30 million renovation and expansion. In 2004 a farmers' market operated at the mall. The mall's anchor stores are JCPenney and Younkers with a third anchor (Sears) having announced its closure in late 2008.
 Bucculatrix coronatella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Alabama Georgia Indiana Kentucky Maine Maryland Massachusetts New Jersey Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Pennsylvania South Carolina Tennessee Virginia Washington D.C. and West Virginia.The wingspan is 7.5-8 mm. The forewings are uniform orange-ocherous or sometimes brownish. The hindwings are grey or pale reddish fuscous.
 St. Mary of the Immaculate Conception Church also known as St. Mary's of Morges (pronounced MOHR-jez)) is a Roman Catholic church located in the unincorporated community of Morges in Rose Township Carroll County Ohio United States. A part of the Diocese of Steubenville it was founded in 1834 and re-established in 1948; its current building was built in 1851 and renovated in 1979.The church is built of brick with a stone foundation.
 Mullavalliyum Thenmavum is a 2003 Malayalam film starring Kunchacko Boban and Chaya Singh.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 39 or Now 39 was released on 11 March 2005. The album is the 39th edition of the South African Now! series.
 Brynica [brɨˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 The Naked Ride Home is the twelfth album by American singer/songwriter Jackson Browne released in 2002 (see 2002 in music). It peaked at number 36 on The Billboard 200 chart. The single The Night Inside Me reached number 25 on the Adult Contemporary chart.Guests included Keb' Mo' and Greg Leisz.
 Nirvana Street Murder is a 1990 Australian comedy film written and directed by Aleksi Vellis starring Mark Little Ben Mendelsohn and Mary Coustas.
 All Summer Holiday is Joey Yung's second Cantonese full length studio album released on 5 June 2001.
 Licancabur is a highly symmetrical stratovolcano on the southernmost part of the border between Chile and Bolivia. It is located just southwest of Laguna Verde in Bolivia. The volcano dominates the landscape of the Salar de Atacama area.
 The Platinum Collection is a 2003 album by Nomadi. The songs recorded between 1965–1976 are collected in strict chronological order. The album includes a few hard to find tracks. The album was certified double platinum.
 Doxocopa is a genus of neotropical butterflies in the family Nymphalidae subfamily Apaturinae. It includes the following species: Doxocopa agathina (Cramer [1777]) - Agathina Emperor Doxocopa burmeisteri (Godman & Salvin [1884]) Doxocopa callianira (Ménétriés 1855) Doxocopa clothilda (C. & R. Felder [1867]) Doxocopa cyane (Latreille [1813]) Doxocopa elis (C. & R.
 The Church of the Holy Seal (Armenian: Սուրբ Նշան եկեղեցի Surb Nshan yekeghetsi Georgian: სურფნიშანი Sourfnishani) is an 18th century Armenian church in Old Tbilisi Georgia. It was built between 1703 and 1711 and reconstructed in 1780.
 Eupithecia sperryi is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Mexico and the White Mountain region of Arizona.The wingspan is about 14 mm. The ground color of the forewings is pale with a large discal dot and brownish costal patches as well as terminal dark shading.
 The Sumay River is a river in the United States territory Guam.
 The Sherman County Courthouse is a Queen Anne-style building located in Moro Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is located at 500 Court Street. It was designed by prolific architect Charles H. Burggraf and built by A.F. Peterson in 1899. It was listed on the NRHP in 1998; the listing included three contributing buildings.
 The Collection is a compilation album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the United Kingdom (Castle Communications CCSCD 276) in December 1990 and in the United States on July 1 1992.
 Bacino di San Giacomo is a reservoir in the Province of Sondrio Lombardy Italy.
 Zar Qalat (Persian: زرقلات‎ also Romanized as Zar Qalāt) is a village in Rahgan Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 419 in 90 families.
 Love's Berries (Russian: Ягoдка Любви translit. Yagodka lyubvi Ukrainian: Ягідки кохання translit. Yahidky kokhannya) is a 1926 Soviet film by Ukrainian director Alexander Dovzhenko. Dovzhenko's debut film it deals with a dandified barber's attempts to get rid of his love berry - his illegitimate offspring.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church of Brooklyn at 423 Clinton Street at Carroll Street in the Carroll Gardens neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City was built from 1867 to 1884 and was designed by Richard Upjohn & Son in the High Victorian Gothic style.
 The pita skate (Okamejei pita) is a medium-sized skate in the genus Okamejei. The holotype and only known specimen was found in the northern Persian Gulf in Iraqi waters. It was collected at a depth of less than 15 m (49 ft).It is around 46 cm (18 in) in length and the coloration pattern (described from a specimen preserved in alcohol) is light brown dorsal body with irrgegular darker brown blotches and a light brown ventral body. The tail is slightly darker than the body.
 Psamateia is an extinct genus of moths within the family Eolepidopterigidae containing one species Psamateia calipsa which is known from the Crato Formation in Brazil.
 Khajak (Persian: خجك‎) is a village in Bowalhasan Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rumburgh Priory was a Benedictine priory in located in the village of Rumburgh in the English county of Suffolk. The priory was founded in about 1065 as a cell of St Benet's Abbey at Hulme in Norfolk. At the time of the Domesday survey it had 12 monks. The ownership of the priory was transferred to St Mary's Abbey in York towards the end of the 12th century.
 Trust Issues with Magicians is the second of two demos created by Welsh pop punk band Kids In Glass Houses. The demo featured Telenovela and a track which has not been released elsewhere yet Flirting With Widows (which can now be found through various P2P Networks). The demo was sold as various gigs and was also handed out for free on Tesco copy CDs featuring simply 'KIGH' written in marker on the CD along with being given away with candy canes in one case.
 The Wallace Farm (also known as Pioneer Farm) is a historic farm at 27 Wallace Road in Columbia New Hampshire. The farmstead consists of a series of connected buildings the oldest of which is the c. 1825 main house and a separate dairy barn. The farm includes 125 acres (51 ha) of land. The house is a 2.5 story timber frame structure that has an L shape and exhibits Greek Revival styling. The interior was extensively restyled in the 1850s or 1860s.
 The Choluteca river basin lies on the hot and dry southern Pacific coast of Honduras and is bordered by Nicaragua to the east. The name Choluteca thought to mean ‘broad valley’ originates from the indigenous Chorotega tribe who inhabited the region prior to Spanish conquest.
 Papa to Kiss in the Dark (パパとKISS IN THE DARK) is a Japanese boy's love light novel written by Ken Nanbara and illustrated by Sae Momoki. It has been adapted into an anime OVA series with the same name. Several drama CDs also based on this light novel have been released.In June 2008 the anime was licensed for release in English by Media Blasters under their Kitty Media label.
 Achatina tincta is a species of large air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae the giant African snails.
 When the Daltons Rode is a 1940 American Western film directed by George Marshall and starring Randolph Scott Kay Francis and Brian Donlevy. Based on the book When the Daltons Rode by Emmett Dalton the sole surviving real-life gang member and Jack Jungmeyer the film is about a family friend of the Daltons who tries to dissuade them from becoming outlaws.
 Only When I Larf is a 1968 British comedy film directed by Basil Dearden and starring Richard Attenborough David Hemmings and Alexandra Stewart. It is adapted from the novel Only When I Larf by Len Deighton and features Attenborough as an ex-brigadier con man in a variety of guises.
 Girls on Top is the fifth Korean studio album by South Korean singer BoA. It was re-released as Moto on August 25 2005. Girls on Top has sold 115000 copies in 2005.[citation needed] It peaked at number ten that year.[citation needed] The album was released in Japan on March 26 2008 with her fourth Korean album My Name (2004) as a special edition but both of them failed to chart in Japan.The overseas version includes a Chinese version of the third track Girls on Top.
 Jeffrey P. Brown known as Jeff Brown (born 1970) is a justice of the Texas Supreme Court. He has held the Place 6 seat on the court since October 3 2013 under appointment from Governor Rick Perry. He succeeded Justice Nathan L. Hecht after Hecht's appointment to chief justice to replace Wallace B. Jefferson who resigned.
 Dragonflame is a fantasy novel written by Graham Edwards. The novel was first published in 1997 by Voyager Books (UK) and HarperPrism (US). It is the final book in the Ultimate Dragon Saga trilogy. The book contains loose connections and foreshadowing to Edwards' later trilogy the Stone series.In 1997 the British Fantasy Society nominated Dragonflame for Best Novel of the year.[1]
 Under Compulsion is a collection of science fiction stories by Thomas M. Disch. It was first published by Rupert Hart-Davis in 1968 in the UK. It was subsequently published in the US in 1970 by Doubleday under the title Fun with Your New Head. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Escapade Fantasy and Science Fiction New Worlds Fantastic Amazing Stories Impulse and Playboy.
 Theodor Valentin Volkmar (23 November 1781 in Frankenberg (Eder) – 8 February 1847 in Marburg) was a German politician and two-time mayor of Marburg from 1833 until 1835 and again from December 1835 until his retirement due to ill health November 1846.
 The Return is the third album by R&B-pop artist Ruben Studdard and was released on October 17 2006. The first single Change Me was released on July 31 2006.
 The Șcheia River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 The Retarded Dagger Moth (Acronicta retardata) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Nova Scotia to Florida west to Texas north to Manitoba.The wingspan is 25–32 mm. Adults are on wing from April to August depending on the location. There are multiple generations per year.The larvae feed on the leaves of red maple and sugar maple.
 Guriyat (Persian: گورئ يات‎ also Romanized as Gūr’īyāt) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District in the Central District of Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 The X Factor Philippines is a Filipino television music competition to find a new singing talent. The first season began on June 23 2012. KC Concepcion is the host of the show while the judging panel consist of Charice Gary Valenciano Pilita Corrales and Martin Nievera.The show is mainly based on the UK format. The competition consists of auditions in front of the shows producers and then the judges with a live audience.
 Han Gong-ju (Hangul: 한공주) is a 2013 South Korean film written and directed by Lee Su-jin starring Chun Woo-hee in the title role.
 China Town is a 1962 Hindi film directed by Shakti Samanta under Shakti Films. Written by Ranjan Bose and music by Ravi. It is a black-and-white movie starring Shammi Kapoor in a double role as a gangster and his look-alike. Shakila is the leading lady alongside Helen in a supporting role. The film was remade in Tamil as Kudiyirundha Koyil starring M. G. Ramachandran and in Telugu as Bhale Thammudu (1969) starring N. T. Rama Rao.
 The Mokelumne River /məˈkʌləmni/ is a 95-mile (153 km)-long river in northern California in the United States. The river flows west from a rugged portion of the central Sierra Nevada into the Central Valley and ultimately the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta where it empties into the San Joaquin River. Together with its main tributary the Cosumnes River the Mokelumne drains 2143 square miles (5550 km2) in parts of five California counties.
 Shoot 'Em Up is a 2007 action/black comedy film starring Clive Owen Paul Giamatti and Monica Bellucci. The film was written and directed by Michael Davis and produced by Susan Montford Don Murphy and Rick Benattar. The film was released on September 7 2007. Despite receiving positive reviews Shoot 'Em Up underperformed at the box office.
 Chloreuptychia herseis is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Surinam Guyana Peru and Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 St Wilfrid's Church Calverton is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Calverton Nottinghamshire.
 The Killers is a 1946 American film noir directed by Robert Siodmak and based in part on the short story of the same name by Ernest Hemingway. The film stars Burt Lancaster in his film debut Ava Gardner Edmond O'Brien and Sam Levene. The film also features William Conrad in his first credited role as one of the titular killers.
 Chaúng Dai Ovpuk (The Bone of Father's Hand) is a 1971 Khmer movie directed by So Min Chiv starring Kong Som Eun and Vichara Dany.
 Colonel Henry Arthur Herbert PC (1815 – 26 February 1866) was an Anglo-Irish politician in the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
 The Café A Brasileira (The Brazilian Cafe) is a café located in the historic center along Largo Barão de São Martinho in the civil parish of São João do Souto municipality of Braga.
 Slow Learner is the 1984 published collection of six early short stories by the American novelist Thomas Pynchon originally published in various sources between 1959 and 1964. The book is also notable for its introduction written by Pynchon. His comments on the stories after reading them again for the first time in many years and his recollection of the events surrounding their creation amount to the author's only autobiographical comments to his readers.
 Hyposmocoma unicolor is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Molokai and possibly Kauai and Oahu.Larvae of what were considered to be this species were discovered in the dead wood of Acacia koa Alectryon Bidens Cheirodendron Clermontia Elaeocarpus bifidus Freycinetia Diospyros and Wikstroemia. All of the hostplant records are from Dr. Swezey and may include details of more than one species.
 Vatten under broarna is an album by Lars Winnerbäck released in 2004.
 The Return of the Repressed: The John Fahey Anthology is a compilation album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 1994. Fahey's career health and personal life had been in decline. The release of The Return of the Repressed along with an article in Spin magazine by Byron Coley served to provide a renewal of his career.
 Robert Lussier (December 31 1924 – March 19 1994) was a Canadian politician and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.
 Neptis sextilla is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.
 John F. Forward Sr. (October 3 1851–December 24 1926) was an American Republican politician from California.John Forward Sr. was born 1851 in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania to Walter and Elizabeth Forward. His grandfather Walter Forward was U. S. Secretary of the Treasury.In 1866 he started work as a machinist and continued for seven years.He then joined the Pennsylvania Railroad as a fireman.Forward married Ella Dillon November 1874 in Pittsburgh and they had seven children:John F.
 The Duane Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church in Duane New York.
 Wolkowe [vɔlˈkɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myszyniec within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 1000.
 Josiah Wood (18 April 1843 – 13 May 1927) was a Canadian lawyer entrepreneur mayor parliamentarian and the 13th Lieutenant Governor of the province of New Brunswick. He was born in Sackville New Brunswick in 1843.
 Bresnica is a village in the municipality of Čačak Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1466 people.
 The Treacherous Three is the first studio album by the hip hop group Treacherous Three released in 1984 through Sugar Hill Records and MCA Records. A second album Old School Flava was released a decade later.
 The Pacific Coast Air Museum in Santa Rosa California is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting and preserving aviation history through the acquisition restoration and display of historic aircraft. The museum displays a varied collection of over 30 American military propeller and jet aircraft.
 The Lost String (also known as La Corde Perdue) is a documentary film on American alternative guitarist Marc Ribot directed by French film maker Anaïs Prosaïc.
 New York Undercover is the soundtrack to the television series of the same name. It was released on September 19 1995 through MCA Records and consisted mostly of contemporary R&B with some hip hop. The soundtrack was a minor success peaking at 73 on the Billboard 200 and 12 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and spawned two singles Dom Perignon and I Miss You (Come Back Home).Mary J.
 Dana Complex will be a future building complex located in Satu Mare Romania. The structure will have two separate buildings linked together by a skybridge. The smaller 7 story buildings will have 500 parking spaces and offices and the larger 15 story tower of 64 metres (210 ft) will have a mall a commercial area and 127 residential units.
 Magic Time is the thirty-first studio album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison. It was released on 17 May 2005 (see 2005 in music) by Geffen Records. The album debuted at #25 on the US Billboard charts and #3 on the UK charts—his best ever showing on a studio album. By the end of 2005 Magic Time had sold 252000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan. Rolling Stone Magazine listed it as #17 on their list of The Top 50 Records of 2005.
 Tuzhal (Persian: توژل‎ also Romanized as Tūzhāl) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 243 in 46 families.
 Live at the Whiskey is the first live album by the Mentors. It consists of extracts from two gigs recorded in the year 1983 - the A-side at the Whiskey and the B-side at the Cathay de Grande.In 2004 it was released on CD with a track from the Live in Frisco EP (released in 1987 but recorded in the same era) and a spoken word track about the history of the Mentors until 1984.
 Diarsia flavostigma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to Borneo and possibly Sumatra.
 Manuel Manny Bamba Villar Jr. (born December 13 1949) is a Filipino businessman and politician. He is formerly a Philippine Senator and the incumbent president of the Nacionalista Party.Villar was born to a poor family in Tondo an impoverished and densely populated district of Manila. After graduating from the University of the Philippines he worked as an accountant and financial analyst then launched a highly successful business in real estate.
 Mindif is a jazz album by South African artist Abdullah Ibrahim. It was performed and recorded for the soundtrack of a French film Chocolat by Claire Denis. Mindif is a mountain and a town in north Cameroon.
 The Wonderful Lies of Nina Petrovna (German: Die wunderbare Lüge der Nina Petrowna) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Hanns Schwarz and starring Brigitte Helm Francis Lederer and Warwick Ward. It was the last big-budget silent film released by the leading German studio Universum Film AG before the transition to sound began with Melody of the Heart. The film premiered on 15 April 1929 at the Ufa-Palast am Zoo in Berlin.
 Letognathus is a genus of rhizodont lobe-finned fish that lived during the Carboniferous period. Its remains come from the Blue Beach Member of the Horton Bluff Formation near Hantsport Nova Scotia. Like most rhizodonts it was of relatively large size had a large recurved fang at the symphysis of the lower jaw and a row of three coronoid fanks along the length of the jaw in addition to its marginal dentition.
 The Fable of Elvira and Farina and the Meal Ticket is a 1915 silent film directed by Richard Foster Baker. Gloria Swanson made her first credited appearance in this film as Farina.
 The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad! is a 1988 American comedy film. It is the first in The Naked Gun series of films starring Leslie Nielsen Priscilla Presley George Kennedy and O. J. Simpson.
 Letherette is the first studio album by English producers Letherette. It was released on 15 April 2013 by Ninja Tune.
 The Roter Kogel is a mountain in Tyrol Austria which lies in the Stubai Alps. The top can be reached from the village Praxmar (Sankt Sigmund im Sellrain) in the Lüsener Tal or from the Potsdamer Hütte mountain hut.
 Frank D. Baker (October 10 1852 – June 6 1927) was a Michigan politician. He was an active member in the Odd Fellows Masons and Knights of the Maccabees.
 Costabona (in Spanish and Catalan Costabonne in French) is a mountain of Catalonia on the border between Spain and France. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2464 metres above sea level.
 Laugh at My Pain is a 2011 stand-up comedy documentary film of comedian Kevin Hart. It includes Kevin Hart reprising his comedic self in a new barrage of jokes. Kevin Hart performed a stand-up special at the Nokia Theater at L.A. Live in Los Angeles.
 Poor Meadow Brook is a 5.8-mile-long (9.3 km) stream within the Taunton River Watershed in southeastern Massachusetts. The stream runs from a wetland near County Street (the eastern crossing of Route 14) in Hanson to the confluence with the Satucket River in East Bridgewater.
 Capoeta ekmekciae is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Capoeta.
 Moises Mo Denis (born August 9 1961) is a Democratic member of the Nevada Senate elected in 2010.
 Homolophus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Phalangiidae.
 Addams Family Values: The Original Orchestral Score was one of the two soundtrack albums released in support of the 1993 film Addams Family Values the sequel to the 1991 film The Addams Family. The Original Orchestral Score featured selections from the film's incidental score music produced by composer Marc Shaiman and conducted by Academy Award nominee Artie Kane.
 Eric William Kierans PC OC (February 2 1914 – May 9 2004) was a Canadian economist and politician.
 La Caille is a lunar crater located in the rugged south-central highlands of the Moon. It is located to the northeast of the crater Purbach. Nearly attached to the southeast rim are the remains of Blanchinus and the two are separated by a rugged stretch of terrain. To the northeast is Delaunay a formation split in half by a ridge.The floor of La Caille has been flooded in the past by lava and the surface is relatively smooth and flat with no central rise.
 David Joseph Wijnkoop (born 11 March 1876 in Amsterdam – died 7 May 1941 in Amsterdam) was a Dutch communist leader in the first half of the twentieth century. He was the eldest son of (upper) rabbi Joseph Wijnkoop and Dientje (Milia) Nijburg.
 New Boston Inn is a historic inn at 101 North Main Street the junction of MA 8 and MA 57 in Sandisfield Massachusetts. Although the inn site was first occupied by Daniel Brown an early settler of Sandisfield the inn was probably built c. 1800 by one of his sons. Its location places it at the junction of three major stagecoach routes. The building has been restored and is again operated as an inn; it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Kicking the Moon Around is a 1938 British musical comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Bert Ambrose Evelyn Dall and Harry Richman. In an effort to discover whether his fiancee is a golddigger a millionaire's son pretends to have lost all his money. The film marked Maureen O'Hara's screen debut as she made a cameo appearance speaking one line.
 Word Pimpin 2: We Don't Need You is the collaborative effort of hip hop artists Keak Da Sneak of Oakland California Baby S of Los Angeles California and Q-Z also native to the Bay Area released in 2008 by Ehustl Entertainment. This album was preceded by the original Word Pimpin' released in 2003 featuring Baby S Q-Z and B-Legit cousin of Bay Area rapper E-40.
 Cypress Lake is a 2-acre (0.8 ha) swamp-like lake in the heart of the University of Louisiana at Lafayette campus that started as a buffalo wallow. Today it is a unique university landmark that is a habitat for native irises alligators turtles birds and fish as well as a hangout for students and a point of interest for tourists visiting Lafayette Louisiana.
 The Little River is a 7.3-mile-long (11.7 km) tributary of the Androscoggin River in the U.S. state of Maine. It forms the boundary between Sagadahoc and Androscoggin counties.The Little River rises near West Bowdoin at the junction of Fisher Stream and Purington Brook and flows south joining the Androscoggin River just east of Lisbon Falls.
 The Makikihi River is a river of the South Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows east from its headwaters in the Hunters Hills 30 kilometres southwest of Timaru and passes through the small township of Makikihi before reaching the Pacific Ocean.
 New Orleans is a 1947 musical drama featuring Billie Holiday as a singing maid and Louis Armstrong as a bandleader; supporting players Holiday and Armstrong perform together and portray a couple becoming romantically involved.
 A Princess of Mars (1917) is a science fantasy novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs the first of his Barsoom series. Full of swordplay and daring feats the novel is considered a classic example of 20th century pulp fiction. It is also a seminal instance of the planetary romance a sub-genre of science fantasy that became highly popular in the decades following its publication. Its early chapters also contain elements of the Western.
 The South Fork South Platte River is a tributary of the South Platte River approximately 45 miles (72 km) long in central Colorado in the United States. It is located near the headwaters of the South Platte in Park County Colorado and drains part of the intermontane grassland basin of South Park.
 Álvaro Monjardino (born 6 October 1930 in Angra do Heroísmo) is a lawyer and Portuguese politician.
 Thomas Barron House is a historic home located at Seneca in Ontario County New York. It was constructed in 1848 and is a distinct example of vernacular Greek Revival style cobblestone domestic architecture. The house consists of a 2-story main block flanked by 1 1⁄2-story wings. The exterior walls are built of oval-shaped red sandstone lake-washed cobbles.
 Old Karasjok Church (Norwegian: Karasjok gamle kirke) is a former parish church in Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The church is no longer regularly used but it is used occasionally for special situations. It is located in the village of Karasjok. The church is part of the Karasjok parish in the Indre Finnmark deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1807 by the architect Daniel Storch.
 The bight stinkfish Foetorepus phasis is a dragonet of the family Callionymidae found in the eastern Indian and southwest Pacific Oceans at depths of between 160 and 200 m. Length is up to 13 cm.
 Toxolasma is a genus of freshwater mussels aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae the river mussels.
 Give 'Em the Boot III is the third compilation album in the Give 'Em the Boot series released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).
 Robinsons Place Butuan is a mall located in Jose S. Aquino Avenue Brgy. Bayanihan Butuan City. It is Robinsons Land's 33rd commercial center in the Philippines and the 4th Robinsons Mall in Mindanao after Robinsons Cagayan de Oro Robinsons Cybergate Davao and Robinsons Place Gensan. It covers an area of over 45300 square metres (488000 sq ft) making it the biggest than its predecessors in Mindanao. It was opened to the public on 25 November 2013.
 Abubakar Shekau also known by the alias Darul Tawheed is an Islamist leader of the Nigerian militant group Boko Haram. He served as deputy leader to the group's founder Mohammed Yusuf until Yusuf was killed in 2009. Nigerian authorities believed that Shekau was killed in 2009 during clashes between security forces and Boko Haram militants until July 2010 when he appeared in a video claiming leadership of the group.
 Folinella moolenbeeki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Yanaqucha (Quechua yana black very dark qucha lake black lake hispanicized spelling Yanacocha) is a lake in the Junín Region in Peru.
 Now or Never is a 1921 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Notiophilus aquaticus is a species of ground beetle native to the Palearctic and the Nearctic. In Europe it is found in Andorra Austria Belarus Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Great Britain including the Isle of Man Bulgaria Croatia the Czech Republic mainland Denmark Estonia the Faroe Islands Finland mainland France Germany Iceland the Republic of Ireland.
 Yoshihiro Murai (村井 嘉浩 Murai Yoshihiro born August 20 1960) is a Miyagi politician and the Governor of Miyagi Prefecture. A native of Toyonaka Osaka and former serviceman of Japan Self-Defense Forces he was first elected governor in 2005 after serving in the assembly of the prefecture since 1995.
 The Similkameen News Leader is a local and independently owned weekly newspaper serving the Princeton and Keremeos areas of the Similkameen Valley in Southern British Columbia since 1997. The paper's focus is on local stories.
 The Beaver Trilogy (2001) is a documentary film directed by Trent Harris featuring Groovin' Gary Sean Penn Crispin Glover and co-starring Courtney Gains and Elizabeth Daily. The Beaver Trilogy combines three separate vignettes that were filmed at different times in 1979 1981 and 1985. The first entitled The Beaver Kid is a short documentary about the exploits of Groovin' Gary a performer that filmmaker Harris happened upon while filming for a Salt Lake City Utah news station.
 Frederick Joseph Lawton (November 11 1900 – 1975) was an American bureaucrat who served as the ninth Director of the Bureau of the Budget. Lawton was born in Washington D.C. and became a lawyer and an accountant. He spent most of his professional career working with the government bureaucracy. He helped President Franklin D. Roosevelt wager with members of Congress to support the Fair Labor Standards Act. He first joined the Office of Management and Budget as an executive assistant in 1935.
 Eilema albescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Tanzania and Uganda.
 The Cascades frog (Rana cascadae) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in the western United States and possibly Canada mainly in the Cascade Range and Olympic Mountains.
 The museum is located at CFB Shearwater in Shearwater Nova Scotia. The museum acquires conserves organizes researches and interprets to CF personnel and the public at large for their study education and enjoyment artifacts and documents which exemplify the history of Canadian Maritime Military Aviation.
 Thomas Gaughan Carmody Jr. (born April 20 1961) is a real estate broker from Shreveport Louisiana who since 2008 has been a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 6 in Caddo and Bossier parishes.
 Rostki [ˈrɔstki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wydminy within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Wydminy 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Giżycko and 101 km (63 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 50.
 Adavi Kaachina Vennela (Telugu: అడవి కాచిన వెన్నెల English: Moonlight in the Forest) is a 2014 Telugu film written and directed by Akki Viswanadha Reddy. Arvind Krishna Meenakshi Dixit Richard Rishi and Pooja Ramachandran play the lead roles. Moon Light Dreams produces the film while Sirivennela penned for lyrics.
 Hypocrisias berthula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1912. It is found in Mexico.
 The Battle of Britain Range is a group of mountains within the Allies Group of the Muskwa Ranges in northern British Columbia Canada.The Muskwa Ranges also include the Tower of London Range Italy Range and Allied Leaders Range.The range trends from northeast to southwest.About 37 square kilometres (14 sq mi) of the range is covered by glaciers which lie in the basins of the Churchill Creek Racing River and Gataga River.
 Paradise Park Historic District in Thomasville Georgia was listed on the National Register of Historic Places was 1984.
 Heer (Punjabi: ھیر) is a 1955 Punjabi film directed by Nazir Ahmed starring Swaran Lata and Inayat Hussain Bhatti in title roles. The movie is based on the famous Heer written by Waris Shah in 18th century.
 Segin (Persian: سگين‎ also Romanized as Segīn) is a village in Mardehek Rural District Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 412 in 63 families.
 Tony Sings the Great Hits of Today! is a 1970 album by American classic pop and jazz singer Tony Bennett. Done under pressure from his record company for more marketable material it featured misguided attempts at Beatles and other current songs and a psychedelic art cover. Both critics and Bennett himself has viewed the album as a career-low.
 Stand by Me is a 1986 American coming of age drama comedy film directed by Rob Reiner. Based on the novella The Body by Stephen King the title is derived from the Ben E. King song of the same name which plays over the end credits. The films tells the story of four boys who go on a hike across the countryside to find the missing body of a dead kid.
 Macrosoma costilunata is moth-like butterfly described by Louis Beethoven Prout in 1916. It belongs to the Hedylidae family.
 The Potosí mountain range is situated in Bolivia east and south east of the city Potosí. It is at least 25 km long stretching from north to south. Its highest mountain is Khunurana (Anaruyu) rising up to 5071 m (16637 ft). The features of the range are considered to be the product of volcanic activity known as the Khari Khari caldera (19º43'S; 65º38'W).
 El Dorado is a 1966 American Western film produced and directed by Howard Hawks and starring John Wayne and Robert Mitchum. Written by Leigh Brackett and loosely based on the novel The Stars in Their Courses by Harry Brown the film is about a gunfighter who comes to the aid of an old friend—a drunken sheriff struggling to defend a rancher and his family against another rancher trying to steal their water.
 Diplomacy is a 1994 book written by former National Security Advisor and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger. It is a sweep of the history of international relations and the art of diplomacy largely concentrating on the 20th century and the Western World.
 Air Guitar in Oulu is a documentary film by Canadian filmmaker Kent Sobey. The film follows the quest of Andrew Air Raid Buckles as he attempts to raise enough funds to travel to Oulu Finland for the Air Guitar World Championships. His efforts include bake sales and street performance backed by a boom box of his air guitar techniques.
 Plague Over England is a play written by Nicholas de Jongh based on an incident that occurred during John Gielgud's life when he was arrested for lewd behaviour; it offers an insight into the changes in the lives of gay people over the last fifty years. It received universally positive reviews when it received its world premiere at the Finborough Theatre in 2008 and subsequently transferred to the West End with an updated cast for a limited run.
 James Thomas Jim Broyhill (born August 19 1927) is a Republican former U.S. Representative and Senator from the state of North Carolina. He represented much of the Foothills region of the state in the House from 1963 to 1986 and served in the Senate for four months in 1986.He was born in Lenoir North Carolina the youngest son of North Carolina furniture magnate J. E. Broyhill. The senior Broyhill was a member of the Republican National Committee for 28 years.
 La Fiaca is a 1969 Argentine film directed by Fernando Ayala.
 Fulgurofusus ecphoroides is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Ramparts of Clay (French: Remparts d'argile) is a 1971 French drama film directed by Jean-Louis Bertucelli. The film stars Leila Shenna as well as the villagers of the Algerian village of Tehouda. The film was selected as the French entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 44th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.The film tells the story of a young woman (played by Schenna) who tries to free herself from the role imposed on her by the village culture.
 Seattle Syndrome Volume One is a compilation of Seattle-based bands and artists released on vinyl and cassette in late 1981 on Engram Records.
 Margo Lomax Davidson (born September 27 1962) is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives representing the 164th Legislative District since 2011. The district includes parts of Upper Darby Township and the boroughs of East Lansdowne and Millbourne.The oldest of three children Davidson was born in West Philadelphia where she and her siblings were raised by their single mother.
 Bariyarpur is a place situated in Munger Bihar India its geographical coordinates are 25° 18' 0 North 86° 35' 0 East and its original name (with diacritics) is Bariārpur.It also name of a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7033 persons residing in 1122 individual households.Every five years the Gadhimai festival is held in the temple of Bariyapur.
 Dante's Inferno Animated is a 2D animation film produced and directed by Boris Acosta. The story is based on the first part of Dante Alighieri's Divine Comedy - Inferno.
 Spiral Staircase – Classic Songs is a double CD compilation of tracks from Ralph McTell's early Transatlantic LPs Eight Frames a Second Spiral Staircase My Side of Your Window and Revisited. It was released in 1997.
 Chanakyan (Malayalam: ചാണക്യൻ) is a 1989 Malayalam film directed by T K Rajeev Kumar and starring Kamal Haasan Jayaram and Urmila Matondkar.
 Retimohnia caelata common name : the plump whelk is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Kiselkovtsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Ghovil (Persian: غويل‎ also Romanized as Ghovīl; also known as Qovīl-e Bālā) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District in the Central District of Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 6 families.
 Dick Werner (born in Herreid South Dakota) is an American politician and a Republican member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 22 since January 11 2013.
 Overture to Death is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the eighth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1939. The plot concerns a murder during a village theatrical performance; Sergei Rachmaninoff's Prelude in C-sharp minor plays a prominent part in the story. So does a Venetian Suite by Ethelbert Nevin. The murder weapon is a pistol hidden in a piano.
 Tokary [tɔˈkarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.The village has a population of 230.
 Affinity is a 1999 historical fiction novel by Sarah Waters. It is the author's second novel following Tipping the Velvet and followed by Fingersmith.
 David Burke is a member of the Ohio Senate who has represented the 26th District since 2011. Formerly he served in the Ohio House of Representatives from 2009 to 2011.
 Virus is the fourth full-length album by the French power metal band Heavenly. The advanced Japanese release occurred on September 21 2006 by Avalon Records.
 The Black-backed Tody-Flycatcher (Poecilotriccus pulchellus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.
 Foldsjøen is a lake/reservoir in the municipalities of Surnadal and Rindal in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The lake is dammed and the water is used in the Trollheim power station. Slightly more elevated and directly to the south is the lake Gråsjøen which is also behind a hydro-power dam.
 Meadow Grove Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located at Amissville Rappahannock County Virginia. It encompasses 13 contributing buildings and 5 contributing sites. The main house was constructed in four distinct building phases from about 1820 to 1965. The oldest section is a 1 1/2-story log structure with a two-story Greek Revival style main block added about 1860. A two-story brick addition built in 1965 replaced a two-story wing added in 1881.
 Brynhildr in the Darkness (極黒のブリュンヒルデ Gokukoku no Buryunhirude lit. Extreme-Black Brynhildr) is a science fiction Japanese manga series by Lynn Okamoto that began serialization in Shueisha's seinen manga magazine Weekly Young Jump in January 2012. A television anime adaptation by Arms started airing on April 6 2014.
 A. F. Golam Osmani (April 1 1933 – March 31 2009) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Barpeta constituency of Assam and was a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party. He died March 31 2009 at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in New Delhi. He had been suffering from lung cancer.He was earlier member of 12th and 13th Lok Sabha. During 1978-1982 he was elected twice to Assam legislative Assembly.
 Yuanotherium minor is an extinct species of synapsid which existed in China during the late Jurassic period. It is the only species in the genus Yuanotherium.
 Sorolopha chiangmaiensis is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Thailand and Vietnam.
 Ghost Sweeper Mikami: The Great Paradise Battle!! (Japanese: GS美神 極楽大作戦!! Hepburn: Gōsuto Suīpā Mikami Gokuraku Daisakusen!!) is a Japanese comedic horror manga series written and illustrated by Takashi Shiina. It was published by the weekly manga magazine Shōnen Sunday from 1991 to 1999. In 1993 it won the Shogakukan Manga Award for best shōnen manga.
 Tall-e Bardi (Persian: تل بردي‎ also Romanized as Tall-e Bardī Tall Bardī and Tol-e Bardī) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 19 families.
 Hymenocharta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Continuum: Journal of Media & Cultural Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal affiliated with the Cultural Studies Association of Australasia. It was established in 1988 by Thomas O'Regan and Brian Shoesmith. It is edited by Panizza Allmark Mark Gibson and Gregory Noble and is published by Routledge.
 Global Finance is an English-language monthly financial magazine. Joseph D. Giarraputo the founder and former publisher of Venture the magazine for entrepreneurs in 1987 joined forces with Carl G. Burgen Stephan Spahn H. Allen Fernald and Paolo Panerai to start a magazine on financial globalization. The magazine’s primary target audience consists of Chairmen Presidents CEOs CFOs Treasurers and other financial officers.
 Délirium Café is a bar in Brussels Belgium known for its long beer list standing at 2004 different brands in January 2004 as recorded in the The Guinness Book of Records. On offer are beers from over 60 countries including many Belgian beers.The bar is located in the small alley called Impasse de la Fidélité/Getrouwheidsgang only a couple of hundred metres from the Grand Place.
 The Radeșul Mic River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Ganyo is a village in Lahe Township Naga Self-Administered Zone in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It is located in the Naga Hills near the border with India.
 The Novo River (Paraguay River) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Lake St. Moritz (German: St. Moritzersee Romansh: Lej da San Murezzan) is a lake near St. Moritz Switzerland. With a surface of 0.78 km² it is smaller than the main lakes of the Upper Engadin valley (Lake Sils Lake Silvaplana).Every January or early February Polo matches are held on the lake. Compared to polo played in the summer a slightly larger and lighter red ball is used that is easily visible in the snow.For three weekends every February horse races are held on the frozen lake.
 Pilodeudorix kiellandi Kielland’s Diopetes is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Cameroon the Republic of Congo the north-eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo and north-western Tanzania.
 Cloudveil Dome (12026 feet (3666 m)) is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming immediately southeast of Grand Teton. The peak is in the central portions of the range immediately east of South Teton and is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group. Cloudveil Dome rises to the south of Garnet Canyon. The peak has a variety of mountaineering routes but since it is near to more popular climbing zones it is often overlooked.
 Littoridinops palustris is a species of very small aquatic snail an operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
 Colossus and the Headhunters also known in its original Italian title as Maciste contro i cacciatori di teste (Maciste against the head-hunters) is a sword and sandal film created in Italy and released in 1960.In the movie's plot Maciste arrives on an island only to find it rocked by a catastrophic volcanic eruption... and sinking. The survivors board Maciste's raft and he pilots it toward a nearby yet unknown island. The group gets captured by a tribe led by Queen Amoa.
 The Green Dragon is a public house and inn located in St Thomas Square Monmouth Wales. The pub provides live music on weekend evenings and during the annual Monmouth Festival the pub is used as a venue for entertainment.
 Qazi Kandi (Persian: قاضي كندي‎ also Romanized as Qāẕī Kandī) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Ash Bud Moth (Prays fraxinella) is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 14–18 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June and again in August in two generations depending on the location.The larvae feed on Fraxinus excelsior and Fraxinus ornus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of an irregular small corridor with dispersed black frass. Often the corridor widens in the end into an irregular blotch with much less frass.
 The European Journal of Palliative Care is the official journal of the European Association for Palliative Care. It publishes articles on the latest advances in palliative care in Europe and facilitate communication between healthcare professionals working in the field.
 Ghuraifa (Arabic: الغريفة‎) is a village in Bahrain that has now been subsumed into the Juffair suburb of Manama Bahrain.
 My Black Mini Dress (Hangul: 마이 블랙 미니드레스; RR: Mai Beulraek Minideureseu; also known as Little Black Dress) is a 2011 South Korean film starring Yoon Eun-hye Park Han-byul Cha Ye-ryun and Yoo In-na. Based on the 2009 chick lit novel of the same title by Kim Min-seo the film revolves around the dreams failures and friendship of four 24-year-old women still looking for a direction in life.
 Greatest Hits High Tides Forever is an eight track compilation album by American southern rock band Outlaws released in 1982 featuring all their major hits including Green Grass and High Tides and a live version of (Ghost) Riders in the Sky recorded in 1982 for the King Biscuit Flower Hour.
 Satantango (Hungarian: Sátántangó tr. Satan's Tango) is a 1985 novel by the Hungarian writer László Krasznahorkai. It is Krasznahorkai's debut novel. It was adapted into a 7-hour long film Sátántangó (1994) directed by Béla Tarr. The English translation by George Szirtes won the Best Translated Book Award (2013).
 The Joy Homestead is an historic site at 156 Scituate avenue in Cranston Rhode Island.The colonial house was built in 1764 and added to the National Historic Register in 1971.
 Onchidiopsis is a genus of small slug-like sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the subfamily Lamellariinae within the family Velutinidae.
 Congregation B'nai Israel is the only Karaite synagogue in the United States. It is located in Daly City California.
 Terry Ray Bankert is a Flint Michigan politician former City of Flint Ombudsman and lawyer.
 Streets named after Martin Luther King Jr. can be found in many cities of the United States and in nearly every major metropolis in America. There are also a number of other countries that have honored King including Italy and Israel. The number of streets named after King is increasing every year and about 70% of these streets are in Southern states: Alabama Florida Georgia Louisiana Mississippi North Carolina and Texas.
 The Tall Pines Motor Inn is a historic log cabin resort located near Eureka Springs Arkansas. Built in 1947 it features rustic cabins built from surrounding forests.
 Campbell Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located on the south side of the Queen Maud Gulf east of White Bear Point on Nunavut's mainland.Labyrinth Bay Foggy Bay and Conolly Bay are nearby.
 Troublesome Night 17 is a 2002 Hong Kong horror comedy film produced by Nam Yin and directed by Lam Wai-yin. It is the 17th of the 19 films in the Troublesome Night film series.
 Robert John Blackman (born 26 April 1956) better known as Bob Blackman is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Harrow East since 2010. He was also a member of the London Assembly.
 François Aquin was a nationalist politician in Quebec Canada.
 Queen Mary's Hospital Sidcup is an acute district general hospital situated in Sidcup South East London serving the population of the London Borough of Bexley.
 The Farwell Barn also known as Jacobson Barn or Jacobson's Barn is a historical site of the state of Connecticut on the Storrs campus of the University of Connecticut.
 Orbital Resonance is a science fiction novel by John Barnes. It is the first of four books comprising the Century Next Door series followed by Kaleidoscope Century Candle The Sky So Big and Black.Orbital Resonance was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1991.
 'Catacombs' is the fourth full-length album by Cass McCombs released on June 1 2009 in the UK and on July 7 in North America via Domino Records. The first single Dreams Come True Girl was released on May 25 2009. The single also features Academy Award-nominee Karen Black as backing vocals. The album was voted one of the 50 greatest albums of 2009 by Pitchfork Media. Music videos have been released for the songs Dreams-Come-True-Girl You Saved My Life and The Executioner's Song.
 Mangde Chhu or Tongsa river flows in central Bhutan traversing roughly north-south. The river rises in Wangdue Phodrang district (or dzongkhag in Dzongkha) near Gangkhar Puensum (Bhutan's highest peak at 7546 m). Bhutan's main east-west highway crosses the Mangde Chhu approximately 8 km west of Trongsa. South of Trongsa the river drains the eastern slopes of the Black Mountains (Bhutan) and forms the eastern boundaries of Black Mountain National Park and Royal Manas National Park.
 Kuli Alikhan (Persian: كولي عليخان‎ also Romanized as Kūlī ‘Alīkhān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 13 families.
 Bzury [ˈbzurɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Taxidermia is a 2006 Hungarian comedy-drama horror film directed by György Pálfi. The film is a metaphorical socio-political retelling of Hungary's history from the Second World War to the present day. The story is told by means of three generations of men from Hungary beginning with a military orderly during the Second World War moving on to an aspiring speed-eater during the Cold War and concluding with a taxidermist during modern times. The film has elements of dark comedy and body horror.
 Nambiti River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Frostisen is a glacier on the border of the municipalities of Ballangen and Narvik in Nordland county Norway. It is one of the larger plateau glaciers in Norway. Frostisen covers an area of about 25 square kilometres (9.7 sq mi). The elevation of the glacier ranges from 840 to 1710 metres (2760 to 5610 ft) above sea level. The glacier lies near the Skjomen fjord a branch of the Ofotfjord just southwest of the city Narvik.
 Gomulin [ɡɔˈmulin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Borowa 5 km (3 mi) south of Mzurki and 45 km (28 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 960.
 Pheles is a genus in the butterfly family Riodinidae present only in the Neotropical ecozone.
 Monroeville Mall owned and operated by CBL & Associates Properties Inc. is a two-level enclosed shopping mall in the municipality of Monroeville Pennsylvania east of Pittsburgh. It is located along heavily traveled U.S. Route 22 near the junction of Interstate 376 and the Monroeville interchange of the Pennsylvania Turnpike. It was completed in 1969 extensively renovated and expanded in 2003-2004 and includes Macy's J. C.
 Secret Agent is an album by Chick Corea recorded and released in 1978. This album is one of three that Corea released in 1978 along with The Mad Hatter and Friends in what was called an almost impossibly active year. 1978 also featured the release of live albums An Evening With Herbie Hancock & Chick Corea: In Concert and RTF Live with Return to Forever.
 Dereköy is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 Alexis Wawanoloath (born July 15 1982 in Val-d'Or Quebec) is a Canadian politician. He was a member of National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Abitibi-Est representing the Parti Québécois. He is a member of the Abenaki First Nation.After studying at Cégep de l'Abitibi-Témiscamingue Wawanoloath worked as a technician in social work at the l'Or-et-des-Bois School Board an educator at a child daycare centre and a host for the Centre polyvalent pour jeunes autochthones in Val-d'Or.
 Tertius Zongo (born 18 May 1957) was the Prime Minister of Burkina Faso from June 2007 to April 2011.
 The Cavendish Hotel is a modern 4-star 230-bedroom luxury hotel in Central London United Kingdom. It is currently known as The Cavendish London and it is owned by Capitaland and operated by The Ascott. It is located on Jermyn Street and has a second entrance on Duke Street.
 Drømmen om kaptein Sabeltanns rike (English: The Dream of Captain Sabertooth's Kingdom) is a 1996 Norwegian children's film written and directed by and starring Terje Formoe. The film is based on the popular children's play character Captain Sabertooth a fictional pirate.
 Mariyadhai (Tamil: மரியாதை; English: Respect) is an Indian Tamil film that stars Vijayakanth who performs two roles while Meena plays the lead heroine. Meera Jasmine plays another heroine character while Ambika also plays a significant role. Directed by Vikraman who earlier directed hits like Poove Unakkaga (1996) and Vanathai Pola (2000) the film released in 2009.
 This Is Where I Came In is the 23rd and final studio album released by the English rock band the Bee Gees. It was released on 24 April 2001 by Polydor in the UK and Universal in the US just one year and 9 months before Maurice Gibb's death.It is the only album of all-new material released by them on the Universal Music label (which had acquired the rights to the group's releases on Polydor Records when they bought that label's parent PolyGram). The album peaked at No.
 Christopher Eyles Bowen (born 17 January 1973) is an Australian politician who is the current Shadow Treasurer of Australia. He was briefly the Acting Leader of the Labor Party and Leader of the Opposition in 2013 after Labor lost the federal election. Before this he served in a number of positions in the Rudd and Gillard Governments including as Minister for Financial Services Minister for Immigration and Citizenship and Treasurer.
 Anonychonitis is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Peter Gaya Kaam Se is a fast-paced action adventure movie with a romantic twist. It is directed by John Owen and produced by UTV Motion Pictures.
 The Hasenmatt is a mountain of the Jura range located north of Grenchen and Solothurn in the Swiss canton of Solothurn. Reaching a height of 1445 metres above sea level it is the highest summit in the canton of Solothurn. The Hasenmatt is also the easternmost summit above 1400 metres of the Jura Mountains.The summit of the Hasenmatt can be easily reached by several trails and a road culminating at 1318 metres.
 Lake Kulundinskoye (Russian: Кулундинское озеро) (located at 53°0′N 79°30′E) is located on the southern edge of the much larger West Siberian Plain of south-central Russia. This lake along with many other lakes in the region exhibits a wide array of colors. The variations in color suggest that each lake is at a different stage of eutrophication.
 Stampede of the Disco Elephants is the upcoming seventh studio album by American nu metal band Limp Bizkit. It will be Limp Bizkit's first studio album released under Cash Money Records and Republic Records and their first album to be released after DJ Lethal's departure in 2012.After the original line-up reunited in 2009 Gold Cobra was released in 2011. The band left Interscope and signed up with Cash Money Records in February 2012.
 The Kehelgamu Oya (translated into Kehelgamu River from Sinhala) is a major upstream tributary of the Kelani River. The tributary measures 50 km (31 mi) in length originating from the hills of the Horton Plains National Park before passing through the Castlereigh Reservoir. Kehelgamu Oya converges with the Maskeliya Oya at Kalugala forming the 100 km (62 mi) long Kelani River. The river is heavily used for hydroelectric power generation.
 Mary Hanafin (born 1 June 1959) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who was a Teachta Dála (TD) for Dún Laoghaire from 1997 to 2011. She served as Government Chief Whip (2002–04) Minister for Education and Science (2004–08) Minister for Social and Family Affairs (2008–10) Minister for Tourism Culture and Sport (2010–11) and Minister for Enterprise Trade and Innovation (2011). She is a former Deputy Leader of Fianna Fáil (2011).
 The Pleșca River is a tributary of the Strâmbu-Băiuţ River in Romania.
 The Hive is an original Star Wars novella written by Steven Barnes. It is set during the timeline of the prequel trilogy approximately 21 years before Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.
 Saidabad (Persian: سعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Saʿīdābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 15 families.
 Sarajevo is a 1940 Hungarian historical film directed by Ákos Ráthonyi and starring Maria von Tasnady Ferenc Kiss and József Timár. The film is set against the backdrop of events leading up to the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria in 1914.
 Araz Ali Sheykh (Persian: ارازعلي شيخ‎ also Romanized as Arāz ‘Alī Sheykh and Ārāz ‘Alī Sheykh; also known as Shaikh and Sheykh) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 357 in 61 families.
 The Crystal Cove Historic District is a part of the Crystal Cove State Park located in Newport Beach California. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places encompassing 12.3 acres (50000 m2) along the Southern California coast. It was listed on the National Register not only because of its significance but also because of the 48 cottages located there which were built in the 1920s and 1930s.
 Jakobselva or Grense Jakobselv River (English: Jacob's River Russian: Ворьема Finnish: Vuoremijoki Northern Sami: Vuorján) is a river that runs along the Russia-Norway border. The river runs along the border of Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway and Pechengsky District in Murmansk Oblast Russia.
 Cameraria temblorensis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California).The length of the forewings is 3-4 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus douglasii Quercus dumosa Quercus dumosa × engelmanii Quercus engelmannii Quercus turbinella and Quercus × alvordiana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is ovoid. The epidermis is opaque yellow green. Mines normally cross the midrib and consume 30%-95% of the leaf surface.
 The Church of St Leonard in Rodney Stoke Somerset England was built around 1175 and is a Grade I listed building.The interior of the church contains a screen bearing the date 1624 the gift of Sir Edward Rodney which includes a representation of the martyrdom of St Erasmus who was killed by having his entrails removed.The church underwent Victorian restoration in the 1870s when a slow combustion stove was installed in a pit in the floor.The parish is part of the Rodney Stoke with Draycott benefice which is within the Axbridge deanery.
 Storm Warning! is the fourth Dick Morrissey Quartet album. It was recorded live at The Bull's Head London in November 1965.
 The Crenshaw House (also known as the Crenshaw Mansion Hickory Hill or most commonly The Old Slave House) is a historic former residence and alleged haunted house located in Gallatin County Illinois. The house was constructed in the 1830s.
 The Enchanted Cat was edited and translated from the Hungarian by Baroness Orczy (creator of the famous the Scarlet Pimpernel series) in 1895.The illustrations in the book were provided by her husband Montagu Barstow whom she married in 1894.
 Hedylopsis is a genus of sea slugs marine gastropod mollusks within the clade Acochlidiacea.
 It Runs in the Family is a 2003 comedy-drama movie directed by Fred Schepisi and starring three generations of the Douglas family: Kirk Douglas his son Michael Douglas and Michael's son Cameron Douglas who play three generations of a family.Diana Dill real-life mother to Michael Douglas and ex-wife of Kirk plays the wife of Kirk in the film.
 Sozenji Baba (崇禅寺馬場 Sozenji Baba) is a 1928 black and white Japanese silent film directed by Masahiro Makino. It is an ambitious film in which Makino deals with the difficult issue of the agony of a person who killed for revenge.
 Dapper Dan (foaled 1962 in Kentucky) was an American racehorse who was bred by Dorothy Dorsett Brown and owned and raced by Ogden Phipps. He had an outstanding sophomore season finishing second or fourth in five stakes races. The son of Ribot and grandson of Nasrullah is remembered for his closing finishes to place second in the 1965 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes.
 Rock'n'Roll Tears is the third album from Australian singer/songwriter Loene Carmen. It was released in 2007 on Chiquita Records through Shock Records in Australia.The album was recorded on location in a barn in the Colo River New South Wales by Jorden Brebach and featured musicians from the Australian bands Mess Hall and The Holy Soul.It was noted that Rock 'N' Roll Tears is an anarchic loose dirty dreamy heat fuelled love letter to rock 'n' roll.
 This Milestone carved in 1790 is a historic milestone at the intersection of Appleton Street and Paul Revere Road in Arlington Massachusetts. It denotes the point at which the historic road from Boston to Concord Massachusetts was 8 miles (13 km) from Boston. The road was realigned (to roughly the current alignment of Massachusetts Avenue) in 1811 bypassing the marker.
 Killer Pad is a 2008 comedy/horror film directed by Robert Englund and starring Daniel Franzese Eric Jungmann and Shane McRae.
 Benjamin Jerome Ben Cayetano (born November 14 1939) served as the fifth Governor of the State of Hawaii from 1994 to 2002. He is the first Filipino American to serve as a state governor in the United States. On January 19 2012 Cayetano announced that he would be running for Mayor of the City and County of Honolulu.
 Paul Lake (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Crasimorpha infuscata is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is native to Brazil but has been purposely introduced to Hawaii in 1960-1961 to control Christmas berry. It seems the moth did not become established however.The male has a small yellow subcostal brush on the hindwing.The larvae feed on Schinus terebinthifolius. They bore into the terminal parts of the host and form galls. The larval attack thus reduces flowering and seed formation.
 Wartenberg is a mountain in Baden-Württemberg Germany.49°14′N 7°47′E
 Music of True Romance for Hyper Meat Performance is the only album by True Romance a performance art side project of Merzbow. It contains extracts from the backing music made for two performances.
 Palmadusta androyensis is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.There are three subspecies : Palmadusta androyensis androyensis Blocher & Lorenz 1999 Palmadusta androyensis consanguinea Blöcher & Lorenz 2000 Palmadusta androyensis ipacoyana Bozzetti 2006↑
 Waskesiu Lake is a lake located roughly in the centre of Prince Albert National Park. The lake's name meaning red deer or elk in the Cree language is also the name of the resort town northwest of Prince Albert Saskatchewan on its eastern shore. Waskesiu Lake is by far the most developed lake in the Park and features a variety of recreational facilities along all sides of its shoreline including two public camp grounds: Red Deer and Beaver Glen.
 Servak (Persian: سروك‎ also Romanized as Serūk) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2210 in 434 families.
 Örnekköy (also called Tepetarla) is a village in Beykoz district of İstanbul Province Turkey. It is situated forests of the Anatolian (Asian) portion of İstanbul at 41°09′N 29°09′E. It is about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of Beykoz. The population of Örnekköy is 3455 as of 2011.
 The University of Minnesota Armory is a building on the University of Minnesota campus in Minneapolis Minnesota. The Armory was constructed in 1896 after the previous space for military training on the campus burnt in a fire in 1894. The facility served as the primary home for the Minnesota Golden Gophers men's basketball team as well as the University of Minnesota Marching Band after its construction.
 The Chicago and Northwestern Depot is a former railway station in Wilmette Illinois which has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1975. The station served the Chicago and North Western Railway along what is now Metra's Union Pacific/North Line. It was built in 1873 as a passenger station and became a freight station in the 1890s before closing in 1946. The station was relocated to its current location on June 13 1974 and has since been remodeled as a restaurant.
 Biologics: Targets and Therapy is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on the clinical application of biologic agents in the management of pathologies where a molecular target can be identified. The journal was established in 2007 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 Comparing Media Systems: Three Models of Media and Politics (2004) by Daniel C. Hallin and Paolo Mancini is a seminal study in the field of international comparative media system research.
 Umoja is an album made by the Dutch band BLØF. It was made in 2006. It was produced with help of many foreign artists. It had already been sold 50.000 times before it was released. It was the number one album sold in the Netherlands in the month after the release date. Umoja is Swahili for 'be one'.A documentary about the album was made in September 2007.
 Lyonetia euryella is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshu Kyushu Yakushima).The wingspan is 8–10 mm. Adults are on wing from the beginning to the middle of May from the middle of June to the beginning of July from the end of July to the beginningof August and from the beginning of September to the beginning of October. There are four generations per year.The larvae feed on Eurya japonica. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Drummer Hoff is the title and main character of a children's book by Barbara and Ed Emberley. Ed Emberley won the 1968 Caldecott Medal for the book's illustrations. Written by Barbara Emberley it tells a cumulative tale of seven soldiers who build a cannon named the Sultan and Drummer Hoff who fires it off with the book exploding into a blast of colors.
 Pariisi is a village in Kadrina Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Journey to the Center of the Earth is a 1959 DeLuxe Color in CinemaScope adventure film adapted by Charles Brackett from the novel by Jules Verne. It stars Pat Boone James Mason and Arlene Dahl and was directed by Henry Levin.
 Pointe d'Andey is a mountain of Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Bornes Massif range. It has an altitude of 1877 metres above sea level.
 En Uyir Nee Thaane (English: You are my life) is a 1998 released Tamil film. The movie stars Prabhu Ganesan Devayani and Srividya. The film is directed by S. P. Rajkumar. The music is by Deva. The film is a remake of Telugu film Pellichesukundam. The film was one among 1998 Deepavali releases.
 Mignon is a silent 1915 drama film by William Nigh and Alexander E. Beyfuss.
 Callechelys maculatus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Chu Yuan-Ting Wu Han-Lin and Jin Xin-Bo in 1981. It is a marine temperate water-dwelling eel which is known from Pingtan Island China in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. Males can reach a maximum total length of 33.8 centimetres.
 The Trail of the Lonesome Pine is a 1908 romance novel/western novel written by John Fox Jr.. The novel became Fox's most successful and was included among the top ten list of bestselling novels for 1908 and 1909. The novel has been adapted numerous times for both stage and screen.The novel inspired the same-titled song published in 1913.Film adaptations include 1916 silent by Cecil B. DeMille and a 1936 motion picture helmed by Henry Hathaway.
 La Luz del Ritmo (The Light of Rhythm) is the fifteenth albums by Ska Argentine band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs.
 Si Agimat si Enteng Kabisote at si Ako is a 2012 fantasy action film starring Vic Sotto Bong Revilla Jr. and Judy Ann Santos. The film is a crossover of Agimat and Enteng Kabisote film franchise. It is a joint production by five movie outfits Octoarts Films M-Zet Productions Imus Productions APT Entertainment and GMA Films. It is one of the 8 official entries for 2012 Metro Manila Film Festival. It was shown in December 25 2012.
 Herbert Louis Samuel 1st Viscount Samuel GCB OM GBE PC (6 November 1870 – 2 February 1963) was a British Liberal politician who was the party leader from 1931-35. He was the first nominally practising Jew to serve as a Cabinet minister and to become the leader of a major British political party (although he was noted for his personal atheism) and so far the last member of the Liberal Party to hold one of the four Great Offices of State. He also served as a diplomat.
 Boroštica is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 379 people.
 The Flying Cloud is a Chesapeake Bay log canoe built in 1932 by John B. Harrison in Tilghman Maryland. She is built with carvel-fitted rising planks a clipper bow and a sharp stern. She measures 34'-11 long with a beam of 8'-8½. The boat is privately owned and races under the No. 22. She one of the last 22 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay racing log canoes that carry on a tradition of racing on the Eastern Shore of Maryland that has existed since the 1840s.
 Polen was the fourth studio album of Lynda Thomas and was released in 2001.Mala lecheEstoy vivaLo mejor de míAmar asíPerdedorAy ay ayPara tíDe pieEn el andénAbrazamePolen
 Free and Equal is a live album by English saxophonist John Surman featuring American drummer Jack DeJohnette and the London Brass recorded in Queen Elizabeth Hall in London in 2001 and released on the ECM label.
 Abraham David Abe Beame (March 20 1906 – February 10 2001) was Mayor of New York City from 1974 to 1977 as a Democrat. As such he presided over the city during the fiscal crisis of the mid-1970s during which the city was almost forced to declare bankruptcy.
 James Albert Smith Jim Leach (born October 15 1942) is a congressman and academic. He served as chair of the National Endowment for the Humanities from 2009 to 2013 and was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Iowa (1977-2007).Leach was the John L. Weinberg Visiting Professor of Public and International Affairs at the Woodrow Wilson School of Princeton University. He also served as the interim director of the Institute of Politics at the John F.
 Koszelewki [kɔʂɛˈlɛfki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 One Potato Two Potato is a 1964 black-and-white American drama film directed by Larry Peerce and starring Barbara Barrie and Bernie Hamilton.
 Rugsund is a village in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located on the mainland along the shore of the Nordfjorden. The village is home to Rugsund Church the local church for this part of the municipality. There has been a church here serving the Rugsund parish since the middle ages. There is a bridge on the south side of the village that connects the mainland to the island of Rugsundøya just to the west.
 The Cape Cod Mystery first published in 1931 is a detective story by Phoebe Atwood Taylor the first to feature her series detective Asey Mayo the Codfish Sherlock. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 The Alabama vertigo scientific name Vertigo alabamensis is a species of minute land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Vertiginidae the whorl snails.This species is endemic to the State of Alabama in the United States.
 Aşağısöğütlü is a village in the District of Besni Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Ramón Eduardo Saadi (born 1949) is a former Argentine senator and former governor for Catamarca Province and a member of the Argentine Justicialist Party. He is a member of the Saadi family that has dominated Catamarca politics since the 1940s and a son of Vicente Saadi who first became governor of the province in 1949.Born in San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca Saadi studied Law at the University of Buenos Aires graduating in 1977.
 Bueng Boraphet (Thai: บึงบอระเพ็ด pronounced [bɯŋ bɔːra.pʰét]) is the largest freshwater swamp and lake in central Thailand.
 Rhyacia arenacea is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widespread in the steppe and semi-desert zone of the central Palaearctic ecozone.Adults are on wing from May to October. There is one generation per year.The larvae probably feed on Poaceae species.
 Reform School Girls is a 1986 American film directed by Tom DeSimone starring Wendy O. Williams Pat Ast and Sybil Danning. It depicts a reform school for girls that is operated by a sadistic and evil warden Sutter and her henchwoman Edna.
 Koçcağız is a village in the District of Tufanbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 The Journal of the American Association of Nurse Practitioners is a peer-reviewed nursing journal covering the practice of nurse practitioners. It is the official publication of the American Association of Nurse Practitioners.
 Jaikheda is a village in Indian state of Maharashtra. It is situated in Baglan Taluka in Nashik district. It is located on the right (south) bank of the Mosam River. The population is about 8000.
 Robert 'Bob' Nutting (born 1947) is a Republican politician from Maine serving his sixth term in the Maine House of Representatives. He re-joined the House after a two-year absence in 2008 and was elected speaker by the incoming Republican majority following the 2010 election. Nutting married Wendy Libby in 1968. They have three children and five grand-children.Nutting was born in Maine. His father was a roofer and plumber and his mother was a nurse.
 A. Everett Austin House was the home of Wadsworth Atheneum director Arthur Everett Austin Jr. in Hartford Connecticut. Chick Austin built the house in 1930 after seeing the Palladian Villas of the Veneto on his honeymoon. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1994.The house only one room deep is long and narrow 86 feet in length by 18 feet in depth.
 The Osterman Weekend is a thriller novel by Robert Ludlum. First published in 1972 it was the author's second book. The novel was the basis for the film of the same title.
 Provanna pacifica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Provannidae.
 The Frances Willard Schoolhouse is located in Janesville Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 K6 or Baltistan Peak is a notable peak of the Masherbrum Mountains a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range. Despite being much lower than its sister mountains the Eight-thousanders and high 7000m peaks such as Masherbrum it has huge steep faces and great relief above the nearby valleys.
 In Some Way Shape or Form is the fourth full-length studio album by American Pop punk band Four Year Strong released through Decaydance and Universal Motown Records on November 8 2011. The album was recorded between June–August 2011 at New Jersey's House of Loud with producer David Bendeth.
 Rhagoletis basiola is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
 The Fox is an album by American trombonist Urbie Green featuring performances recorded in 1976 and released on the CTI label.
 My Boy Lollipop was the first album for Millie and her only album for Smash Records. On the front and back of the album Millie is called the Blue Beat Girl. Ernest Ranglin was credited for the accompanyment and direction.The back of the album contains an essay about Millie. It tells a little bit of her early life in Jamaica then tells how a talent contest led to a recording career and hit singles in Jamaica which led to her discovery by British record producer Chris Blackwell.
 South Cascade Lake is a glacial lake in Washington. It is the source of the South Fork Cascade River. It is fed directly by the meltwater of the South Cascade Glacier.
 The Sormitz is a subsidiary stream of the Loquitz in Thuringia Germany and is 29.2 km in length.Its origin is in the town park of Wurzbach where Langwasser (Sormitz) and Oßlabach confluence.It enters the Loquitz in Hockeroda which is in turn a tributary of the Saale.
 Mehmed Talaat Pasha (Ottoman Turkish: محمد طلعت پاشا; Turkish: Mehmed Talât Pasha; 1874 – 15 March 1921) often known simply as Talaat Pasha was one of the triumvirate known as the Three Pashas that controlled the Ottoman Empire during the First World War.His career in Ottoman politics began by becoming Deputy for Edirne in 1908 then Minister of the Interior and finally Grand Vizier (equivalent to Prime Minister) in 1917.
 The Charles C. Fitch Farmstead is a property located in Eugene Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Babyteeth was the first (mini-)album by the Northern Irish band Therapy? released on 15 July 1991 on Wiiija Records. Tracks 1 and 3 were recorded in January 1990 with the remaining tracks recorded later that year all at Homestead Studio in Randalstown Northern Ireland. The album reached number 1 in both the UK and Irish Indie Charts.The album was originally released by Wiiija on 12” vinyl.
 Graydon Nicholas ONB (born 1946) is the 30th and current Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick. An attorney and judge he is the first Aboriginal person to hold this office as well as the first to be appointed as a provincial court judge (in 1991) and the first in Atlantic Canada to obtain a law degree.
 Schroeppel House is a historic home located at Schroeppel in Oswego County New York. The original section was built in 1818 and is a Neoclassical-style structure. The principal mass is a three- by four-bay 2 1⁄2-story frame house constructed in the style of a prostyle tetrastyle temple. It features a 2-story portico with Ionic columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Elizabeth D. Blanchard was a Democratic member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives representing the Merrimack 10th District from 2002 to 2010.
 The Launceston General Hospital (LGH) is one of the three main public hospitals in Tasmania Australia. It is located in Launceston and serves the north of the state. Services provided include Cardiology Renal Gastroenterology Haematology-Oncology Rehabilitation General Surgery Ear/Nose/Throat surgery Plastic surgery Orthopaedics Radiology Paediatrics and an Intensive Care Unit.
 Versions is Poison the Well's fourth studio album. It was released on April 2 2007 in Europe and April 3 2007 World Wide via Ferret Music. Versions is the first release for Poison the Well on Ferret Music and is also the band's first release since 2003's You Come Before You.The trio of Ryan Primack (guitar) Chris Hornbrook (drums) and Jeffrey Moreira (vocals) wrote the album over the past few years. Primack describes the material as having many more colors and nuances than previous work.
 Dendropsophus microcephalus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.It is found in Belize Brazil Colombia Costa Rica French Guiana Guatemala Guyana Honduras Mexico Nicaragua Panama Suriname Trinidad and Tobago Venezuela possibly Bolivia possibly El Salvador and possibly Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes pastureland plantations rural gardens heavily degraded former forest ponds and canals and ditches.
 Lieutenant General Ismail Saleh (7 November 1926 – 21 October 2008) was Prosecutor General and later Minister of Justice of Indonesia.
 Meriola is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Meriola acutidens (Sakai 1969) Meriola corallina Takeda & Marumura 1997 Meriola rufomaculata Davie 1992↑
 Rhodes Memorial Hall commonly known as Rhodes Hall is a historic house museum located in Atlanta Georgia United States. It was built as the home of furniture magnate Amos Giles Rhodes proprietor of Atlanta-based Rhodes Furniture. The Romanesque Revival house occupies a prominent location on Peachtree Street the main street of Atlanta and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Thomas George Baring 1st Earl of Northbrook GCSI PC FRS (22 January 1826 – 15 November 1904) was a British Liberal politician and statesman. He was Viceroy of India between 1872 and 1876 and First Lord of the Admiralty between 1880 and 1885.
 The Armory of the Kentish Guards is a historic armory at Armory and Peirce Streets in East Greenwich Rhode Island and is currently home to the Kentish Guards a historic state militia organization.
 Follow The City Lights is the sixth album from Spanish band Dover. The band took a turn in their career to edit this album with an electronic character.This time the leaders of the group Cristina Llanos and Amparo Llanos alongside programmer and drummer Jesús Antúnez are joined by Samuel Titos a newly signed bassist for the band. Since March 2006 they had begun talking about a new style.
 Thokur (Thokuru or Thokooru in Tulu) is the name of two villages in South Canara district of Karnataka State in India.
 Frank Comerford Walker (May 30 1886 – September 13 1959) was an American lawyer and politician. He served as the United States Postmaster General between 1940 and 1945. He also served as the chairman of the Democratic National Committee from 1943 until 1944.
 A Kingdom He Likes is the 39th release by avant-folk/blues singer/songwriter Jandek released by his own Corwood Industries label (#0777). It was his fourth release of 2004 and features the artist on acoustic guitar.
 Up All Night is an album by Detroit garage rock band Gore Gore Girls released in 2002.
 The Blues; That's Me! is an album by jazz saxophonist Illinois Jacquet which was recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label.
 The Carla Bley Big Band Goes to Church is a live album by American composer bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley recorded in Perugia Italy as part of the Umbria Jazz Festival and released on the Watt/ECM label in 1996.
 The Ultimate Collection is a compact disc by The Four Tops released on Motown Records catalogue 314530825-2 in October 1997. It is a collection of singles comprising many of the group's greatest hits with liner notes written by Stu Hackel.
 The Greatest Songs of the Sixties is Barry Manilow's sequel album for The Greatest Songs of the Fifties. The album was another major hit for Manilow in the United States selling nearly 50% more than his previous album in its opening week. As with its predecessor this album was produced by Clive Davis along with Manilow and David Benson.
 Vrutci Lake(Serbian: Језеро Врутци) is an artificial lake partly in the municipalities of Užice in Serbia. The lake was created by damming the Đetinja River near the village of Vrutci. The lake was created with the purpose of supplying water to the city of Užice. The lake consists of clean and clear water and fish stocks. In December 2013 the defective bacterial algae appeared in the lake which has banned the use of lead except for sanitation purposes.
 Öskjuvatn is a lake in the Highlands of Iceland. Its surface area is about 11 km². With a depth of 217 m (712 ft) it is the second deepest lake in Iceland after Jökulsárlón.The lake is situated in the crater of the volcano Askja in the north-east of the glacier Vatnajökull. Its name simply means the lake of Askja.
 Established in 1703 St. Michael's Church in downtown Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States is the founding parish of the Episcopal Diocese of New Jersey. Its present building located at 140 North Warren Street was built between 1747 and1748 and was renovated in 1810 and 1847 to 1848. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 29 1982 as St. Michael's Episcopal Church.
 Lozekia is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrialpulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Leptophobia cinerea the Cinerea White is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found from Ecuador to Bolivia.The wingspan is 45–58 mm (1.8–2.3 in). Adults have black markings on the upperside. The underside of the hindwings is dull brown.
 Corey Lake is a small inland lake in south western Michigan. It is located just outside Three Rivers and is the home to Camp Eberhart and Camp Wakeshma. There is also the Corey Lake Marina and Happy Landing a small restaurant.The lake from above looks a bit like Mickey Mouse. It is circular shaped with North Bay and Turtle Bay sprouting from one side and Little Corey jutting out from another side. The vast majority of the lake is located in St.
 Sveltia gladiator is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Holcocera coccivorella the Scale-feeding Scavenger Moth is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in North America including Florida and Maine.Larvae have been reared on coccid-scales found on an oak.
 Most American comic book publishers in the 1930s and '40s Golden Age of comic books published anthology titles that showcased a variety of characters usually with one star—such as Green Lantern in All-American Comics or Wonder Woman in Sensation Comics.
 Fabric 02 is a DJ mix compilation album by Terry Francis as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 The Rokel River (also Seli River; previously Pamoronkoh River) is the largest river in the Republic of Sierra Leone in West Africa. The river basin measures 10622 square kilometres (4101 sq mi) in size with the drainage divided by the Gbengbe and Kabala hills and the Sula Mountains. The estuary which extends over an area of 2950 square kilometres (1140 sq mi) became a Ramsar wetland site of importance in 1999.
 The Woodson Law Office is a structure within the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park. It was originally built by Samuel McDearmon in 1854 and rented by Woodson for his law office until he purchased it a couple of years later.
 The Southern Buh also called Southern Bug (Ukrainian: Південний Буг Pivdennyi Buh: Russian: Южный Буг Yuzhny Bug) is a river located in Ukraine.The source of the river is in the west of Ukraine in the Volyn-Podillia Upland about 145 km from the Polish border from where it flows southeasterly into the Bug Estuary (Black Sea basin) through the southern steppes.
 Brothers is a 1913 drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 First Baptist Church of Gilmanton (Lower Gilmanton Church) is a historic church building on Province Road/NH 107 slightly north of Stage Road in Gilmanton New Hampshire.It was built in 1842 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 27 Dresses is a 2008 romantic comedy film directed by Anne Fletcher and written by Aline Brosh McKenna. The film stars Katherine Heigl and James Marsden. The film was released January 10 2008 in Australia and opened in the United States on January 18.
 One Safe is a 2012 short film directed by Gaetano Naccarato.
 Rukławki [ruˈkwafki] (German: Rochlack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Biskupiec and 29 km (18 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 The Student Prince is a 1954 CinemaScope color film musical featuring as the credits read the singing voice of Mario Lanza. Lanza had become embroiled in a bitter dispute with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer during production and the studio fired him. Under the terms of the settlement with Lanza MGM retained the film rights to the soundtrack that Lanza had already recorded.
 Turning On is a collection of thirteen science fiction short stories by Damon Knight. The stories were originally published between 1951 and 1965 in Galaxy Analog and other science fiction magazines. An Ace paperback reprinting in 1967 omitted the story The Handler. This story was also omitted in the 1966 reissue of the Doubleday hardback edition.
 Mayblossom is a 1917 silent feature film directed by Edward José and starring Pearl White.
 Planiemen is a genus of jumping spider erected in 2007 for the species formerly classified as Pachyballus rotundus. It is endemic to Yemen.This dark-colored species is almost round in appearance. Cephalothorax and opisthosoma are each about 2 mm long.
 Vara: A Blessing is a 2013 English drama film directed by Khyentse Norbu. This is first English language feature film by Bhutanese film director after The Cup (1999) and Travellers and Magicians (2003). Based on a Bengali short story Rakta Aar Kanna (Blood and Tears) by Sunil Gangopadhyay about the daughter of a devadasi who falls in love with a Muslim sculptor.The film stars Shahana Goswami Devesh Ranjan Mohamed Adamaly and Rohit Raj in lead roles.
 The Telluride Sessions is an album recorded by five acoustic-music instrumentalists under the name Strength in Numbers and released in 1989 on MCA Records Nashville. The five members are: Sam Bush Jerry Douglas Béla Fleck Mark O'Connor and Edgar Meyer. The album is progressive bluegrass with jazz structures but also adds elements from classical music as well.
 The Spoils is a debut full-length studio album by Nika Roza Danilova better known as Zola Jesus released in July 2010 on Sacred Bones Records. To the LP version's original 10 tracks the CD (15 tracks) adds five songs: two from Soeur Sewer and three from the Poor Sons 7-inch singles.
 Alan Paul Novak is a Pennsylvania attorney and former chairman of the Republican State Committee of Pennsylvania a position he held from 1996-2004.
 The Melton Mowbray Navigation was formed when the River Wreake in Leicestershire England was made navigable upstream from its junction with the River Soar and the Leicester Navigation near Syston to Melton Mowbray opening in 1797.
 The Dolu River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 Zarrinabad (Persian: زرين اباد‎ also Romanized as Zarrīnābād) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dashtabi District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 16 families.
 Wisdom is 16 Volt's debut album which was released in 1993 under the Re-constriction label.
 The Mojave Sootywing Mohave Sootywing Great Basin Sootywing or Lena Sooty Wing (Hesperopsis libya) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found from eastern Oregon east to Montana and south to southern California Arizona Baja California and north-western Mexico.The wingspan is 22-32 mm. The upperside is dark brown with two rows of small white spots on the forewings. The underside of the hindwings is light to dark brown with a pale grey overlay and some white spots.
 The Dolina River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
 Paracanthurus hepatus is a species of Indo-Pacific surgeonfish. A popular fish in marine aquaria it is the only member of the genus Paracanthurus. A number of common names are attributed to the species including regal tang palette surgeonfish blue tang (leading to confusion with the Atlantic Acanthurus coeruleus) royal blue tang hippo tang flagtail surgeonfish Pacific regal blue tang and blue surgeonfish.
 United Congregational Church of Irondequoit also known as Irondequoit United Church of Christ is a historic Congregational church complex located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. The complex consists of three interconnected buildings: the Colonial Revival style church (1926) Woman's Christian Temperance Union hall (1910) and church school.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Candy Eyed (aka Pan de Lonely) is the second album by American indie rock singer Katy Rose.After writing more than 70 songs and a three year break Rose released the follow-up to her 2004 album Because I Can. Rose announced the album on the day of its release in a 'friends only' blog on her Myspace page.This album marks a change in direction for Rose with a dance and electronic influenced sound.
 University Mall previously University Square Mall is located near the University of South Florida just north of the city limits of Tampa on Fowler Avenue; a major eight (8) lane east-west corridor. Property located just east of I-275 a major north/south interstate serving Tampa and counties to the north.
 American Jobs is a 2004 independent film documentary written produced and directed by Greg Spotts. The film is about the loss of American jobs to low-wage foreign competition covering the phenomenon of outsourcing in manufacturing and high-paying white-collar jobs. The filmmaker visited 19 cities and towns throughout the United States interviewing recently laid-off workers focusing on three industries: textiles commercial aircraft and information technology.
 Alstadhaug is a village in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located northeast of Skogn south of Neset and west of Momarka. It is the location of Alstadhaug Church.
 The El Oro Tapaculo or Ecuadorian Tapaculo (Scytalopus robbinsi) is a small passerine bird belonging to the genus Scytalopus a genus of tapaculos. It is restricted to a small area of southern Ecuador and was not described until 1997.It is a small tapaculo 11 centimetres long. The bill is black and fairly heavy. The plumage is grey with a brown nape and rump and brown barring on the flanks. The tail is blackish. The female's underparts are browner than those of the male.
 For the American industrialist and inventor see William Edenborn.Edenborn is a 2004 novel by Nick Sagan. It is the sequel to Idlewild and takes place 18 years after that book. The sequel to this book and the final installment of the trilogy is Everfree.
 Irase is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 The Legendary Majik Mijits is an album that was recorded by Steve Marriott and Ronnie Lane when they reformed under the name of Majik Mijits in 1981 and gave a one-off concert at the Bridgehouse pub in East London. The lineup included Jim Leverton Mick Green Mick Weaver Dave Hynes and Sam Brown.
 Gandomabad (Persian: گندم اباد‎ also Romanized as Gandomābād; also known as Gandam-Ab Gandomāb and Yeylāg-e Gandomābād) is a village in Shal Rural District Shahrud District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 20 families.
 Heinemannia albidorsella is a species of moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in southern France and on Corsica and Sardinia.The wingspan is 13–16 mm. Adults are on wing from May to the beginning of June.
 Zeitschrift für Naturforschung A: A Journal of Physical Sciences (often abbreviated Z. Naturforsch. A) is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal. The journal covers all areas of physical sciences including mathematical physics physical chemistry cosmophysics and geophysics in both English and German.
 Sokollu Mehmed Pasha (Ottoman Turkish: سوکلو محمد پاشا; Serbo-Croatian: Mehmed-paša Sokolović; Cyrillic: Мехмед-паша Соколовић; born and died (1506 – 11 October 1579) was an Ottoman statesman hailing from Bosnia. Born as Bajo Nenadic he was recruited at an early age as part of the devşirme system of Ottoman collection of young boys to be raised to serve as a janissary.
 Aethiothemis bequaerti is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Malawi Nigeria Zambia and possibly Mozambique. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland swamps and marshes.
 The Thirty Nine Steps is a British 1978 thriller film directed by Don Sharp with screenplay by British playwright Michael Robson based on the novel The Thirty-Nine Steps by John Buchan. It was the third film version of the 1915 novel.This version of Buchan's tale starred Robert Powell as Richard Hannay Karen Dotrice as Alex John Mills as Colonel Scudder and a host of other well-known British actors in smaller parts.
 Shavar Jeffries is a civil rights attorney and candidate in the 2014 election for Mayor of Newark New Jersey.
 Unforgivable Blackness: The Rise and Fall of Jack Johnson is a documentary by filmmaker Ken Burns based on the nonfiction book of the same name by Geoffrey C. Ward (2004).
 360 Gamer is a UK-based video games magazine dedicated to the Xbox 360 console published since 27 October 2005 by Uncooked Media (which previously published its sister PlayStation 3 magazine Play Gamer as well as the current titles FSM and Neo).
 Live At Montreux 1982 & 1985 is a live album of American blues musician Stevie Ray Vaughan and his band Double Trouble recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival on July 17 1982 (Disc 1) and July 15 1985 (Disc 2) and released November 20 2001 on Epic Records. Neither are complete concerts.
 Christ 0 is the fifth full-length studio album by the German progressive metal band Vanden Plas released on March 31 2006 by InsideOut Music. This concept album interprets the novel The Count of Monte Cristo exploring the story of a man imprisoned for a crime he didn't commit and following his chain of vengeful murders through the eyes of X an Interpol detective assigned to the case.
 Forsebia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. The Noctuidae family of moths are mostly classified in the family Erebidae now along with all of the former members of the families Arctiidae and Lymantriidae. This re-classification has not yet met with general consensus and many resources and publications still follow the older classification scheme (e.g.)
 Short Stories was an American fiction magazine that existed between 1890 and 1959.
 Leucania palaestinae is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Algeria to Egypt Sicily Cyprus Greece Turkey Israel Syria Jordan the Sinai in Egypt Iran Iraq and Turkmenistan.Adults are on wing from April to June and from October to December. There are two generation per year.The larvae feed on Arundo phraguntes and Gramineae species in Europe.
 Peng Zhen (pronounced [pʰə̌ŋ tʂə́n]; October 12 1902 – April 26 1997) was a leading member of the Communist Party of China. He led the party organization in Beijing following the victory of the Communists in the Chinese Civil War in 1949 but was purged during the Cultural Revolution for opposing Mao's views on the role of literature in relation to the state.
 Annopol [anˈnɔpɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Szczawin Kościelny 12 km (7 mi) east of Gostynin and 96 km (60 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Szczodrochowo [ʂt͡ʂɔdrɔˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Skoki 19 km (12 mi) south of Wągrowiec and 31 km (19 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Bulletin of Materials Science is a bimonthly peer-viewed scientific journal that publishes original research articles review articles and rapid communications in all areas of materials science. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Indian Academy of Sciences in collaboration with the Materials Research Society of India and the Indian National Science Academy. The editor-in-chief is A. K. Shukla (Indian Institute of Science).
 The Tears of the Singers is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Melinda M. Snodgrass. It was her first and only Star Trek novel which led to Snodgrass writing for Star Trek: The Next Generation. Writer Victor Milan was also involved in the initial discussion of the plot for the novel.
 Special Delivery (1997) is a romantic novel written by Danielle Steel.
 Shotgun News is an American shooting and firearms interest publication owned by InterMedia Outdoors. By page count the magazine consists predominantly of advertisements similar to fashion magazines such as Vogue. Generally speaking Shotgun News' format contains a featured review a historical or handgun-related article an article on amateur gunsmithing and columns by Clayton Cramer Chris Knox Jeff Knox and Vin Suprynowicz.
 Esther Salas is a federal district judge for the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey sitting in Newark New Jersey which she joined in 2006. On June 14 2011 the United States Senate confirmed Salas to a life judgeship on the Court. She is the first Hispanic woman to serve as a United States magistrate judge in the District of New Jersey and the first Hispanic woman to be appointed a U.S. District Court judge in New Jersey.
 Vechernyaya Moskva (Russian: Вечерняя Москва literally Evening Moscow) is a Russian local daily newspaper published in Moscow since 6 December 1923 daily (except Saturday and Sunday). This is the oldest evening newspaper in Russia one of the most popular in Moscow. Every evening it tells readers about the major world and Moscow events of the day. It offers all-around information about city life and easy language style at the same time.
 Die Liebe und der Co-Pilot is an East German romantic comedy film directed by Richard Groschopp. It was released in 1961.
 Holy Trinity Cathedral is a Greek Orthodox cathedral in Charlotte North Carolina The Cathedral is the only Eastern Orthodox Cathedral in the state of North Carolina and the mother church of Greek Orthodoxy in North Carolina. Holy Trinity Cathedral is within the jurisdiction of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America led by Demetrios of America and the Greek Orthodox Diocese of Atlanta led by Alexios of Atlanta.
 Grave of the Fireflies is a live-action TV drama of Grave of the Fireflies made by NTV in Japan. It was produced in commemoration of the 60th anniversary of the end of World War II. The drama aired on November 1 2005. Like the anime the live-action version of Grave of the Fireflies focuses on two siblings struggling to survive the final days of the war in Kobe Japan.
 The Cathedral of St. James is an Episcopal cathedral in South Bend Indiana United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Northern Indiana. The cathedral church and the adjoining parish hall were placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Benito Ruíz de Salazar (?? - 1651) was a governor of Spanish Florida two times: from 1645 to 1646 and from 1648 to 1651.
 Chiloglanis lufirae is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Lufira River drainage. This species grows to a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in) SL.
 Now Is Good is a 2012 British teen drama film directed by Ol Parker. Based on the 2007 novel Before I Die by Jenny Downham it was adapted by Parker who had recently written the screenplay for The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel. The film which stars Dakota Fanning Jeremy Irvine and Paddy Considine centers on Tessa a girl who is dying of leukaemia and tries to enjoy her remaining life as much as she possibly can.The first trailer for the film was released on 5 March 2012.
 Pip Paine (Pay The £5000 You Owe) is the debut album by the British electronic act Metronomy originally released in 2006 by Holiphonic Records in the UK. On first release 500 copies were produced with the CD in a special cloth case with an illustration by the artist Rose de Borman. It was later released in standard gatefold card format with a plain text cover.
 Gravity Gets Things Done is the third album by Bellingham Washington indie rock band The Pale Pacific (formerly The Pale).
 Patti Smith: Dream of Life is a 2008 documentary film about Patti Smith directed by Steven Sebring. It was presented at Berlin International Film Festival. The movie won the Excellence in Cinematography Award: Documentary at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and aired on the PBS series P.O.V. on December 30 2009.A Patti Smith: Dream of Life app for the iPad was published in May 2011.
 Colonel Omar Van Leuven Sage (December 17 1834 – January 7 1916) was the Warden of Sing Sing from 1894 to 1899.
 Arlin Marvin Adams (born April 16 1921) is a retired federal judge formerly of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. As of 2013 he is of counsel to Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP and was listed as a NAFTA adjudicator.
 Kingdom of Heaven is a 2005 epic action film directed by Ridley Scott and written by William Monahan. It stars Orlando Bloom Eva Green Jeremy Irons David Thewlis Brendan Gleeson Marton Csokas Liam Neeson Edward Norton Ghassan Massoud Khaled El Nabawy and Alexander Siddig.The story is set during the Crusades of the 12th century.
 For the Sluch River in Ukraine or Southern Sluch see Sluch River (Ukraine).The Sluch or Northern Sluch (Belarussian: Случ Паўночная Случ; Lithuanian: Slučė Šiaurinė Slučė; Slovak: Sluč Severní Sluč) is a river of Belarus. Rising in Minsk Voblast it flows for 228 km past the cities of Salihorsk and Slutsk finally emptying into the Pripyat River.
 More Than Blue (Hangul: 슬픔보다 더 슬픈 이야기; RR: Seulpeumboda Deo Seulpeun Iyagi; MR: Sŭlp‘ŭmpoda tŏ sŭlp‘ŭn iyagi) is a 2009 South Korean film. The directorial debut of poet Won Tae-yeon it stars Kwon Sang-woo Lee Bo-young and Lee Beom-soo in the lead roles. The film's Korean title translates as A Story Sadder Than Sadness.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 18 families.
 Man Against the Mob (also known as Trouble in the City of Angels) is a 1988 NBC television movie directed by Steven Hilliard Stern starring George Peppard Kathryn Harrold and Max Gail. Man Against the Mob is a variation on the 1981 theatrical feature True Confessions. This was designed around the actor George Peppard as a tough LA cop in the late 1940s. A 1989 TV-movie followup Man Against the Mob: The Chinatown Murders is a sequel that also stars Peppard.
 Blithfield Reservoir is a large raw water reservoir in South Staffordshire England owned by South Staffordshire Water.Some 800 acres (324 hectares) of reservoir was formed on land sold by Baron Bagot to the South Staffordshire Water Works (SSWW) in the 1940s. Blithfield Reservoir was opened by H.M.
 The Sierrita Mountains (English: Little Mountains) is a minor mountain range about forty miles southwest of Tucson in Pima County Arizona. Historically the area has seen extensive mining and ranching activity: several ranches abandoned mines and the large Sierrita Mine are located in the area. The highest point in the mountains is Keystone Peak which rises to 6188 feet (1886 m).The Santa Cruz Valley bounds the range to the east separating it from the Santa Rita Mountains.
 Juan Afara is a Paraguayan politician and Paraguay's vice president as of the April 2013 elections. He is a member of the Colorado Party and took office on 15 August.
 Mount Ushiro (後山 Ushiro-yama) is a mountain on the border of Shisō Hyōgo Prefecture and Mimasaka Okayama Prefecture Japan. It is the highest mountain in Okayama Prefecture and the third highest mountain in Hyōgo Prefecture after Mount Hyōno and Mount Mimuro. In Hyōgo Prefecture this mountain is also known as Itabami-san and in Tottori Prefecture it is also known as Ushiro-no-sen.
 Sir Bernard Henry Bourdillon GCMG KBE (1883-1948) was a British colonial administrator who was Governor of Uganda (1932-1935) and of Nigeria (1935-1943).
 Aliabad-e Khaleseh (Persian: علي ابادخالصه‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Khāleṣeh; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Tarand Rural District Jalilabad District Pishva County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 29 families.
 Cheshmeh Khan (Persian: چشمه خان‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Khān; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Cheshmeh Khān) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 474 in 128 families.
 Consider the Oyster is a book by M. F. K. Fisher that deals in the history preparation and eating of oysters. The work was first published in the United States in 1941 and has been in print ever since. Thin poetical and whimsical it is perhaps the most famous book about oysters ever written[citation needed].
 Kurianki Drugie [kuˈrjanki ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The Benjamin Colton House is located in West Hartford Connecticut. The house was built in 1770 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 10 1986.
 The Free Art and Technology Lab a.k.a. F.A.T. Lab is a collective of artists engineers scientists lawyers and musicians dedicated to the merging of popular culture with open source technology. F.A.T. Lab is known for producing artwork critical of traditional Intellectual Property Law in the realm of new media art and technology. F.A.T. Lab has historically created work intended for the public domain but has also released work under various open licenses.
 The Bornean Wren-Babbler (Ptilocichla leucogrammica) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia and Malaysia where it is endemic to the island of Borneo. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Towers Karpoš IV Tower III is a building tied for second tallest building in Macedonia. It is located in the Karpoš municipality of Skopje. Towers Karpoš IV Tower III stands at 19 storeys.
 Darreh Heydar (Persian: دره حيدر‎ also Romanized as Darreh Ḩeydar Darreh Heidar and Darreh-ye Ḩeydar) is a village in Khomeh Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 34 families.
 Orthotylus bureschi is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in European countries such as Bulgaria and Greece.
 Shurab (Persian: شوراب‎ also Romanized as Shūrāb) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 24 families.
 Vrtoče (Cyrillic: Врточе) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Adrian Derek Davis is a British economist and civil servant and is the current Governor of Montserrat.Since 1989 he has worked for the Department for International Development and before that its predecessor the Overseas Development Administration.In March 2010 he was appointed Governor of Montserrat replacing Peter Andrew Waterworth who was retiring from the diplomatic service. Davis was sworn in as Governor on 8 April 2011.
 For the Laura Ingalls Wilder novel see The Long Winter.Long Cold Winter is the second studio album by American glam metal band Cinderella released in 1988 through Mercury Records. It reached No. 10 in the US and became double-platinum for shipping 2 million copies in the US by the end of the year just as their debut album Night Songs had done earlier.
 Bill Taylor was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1995-2000. His district consisted of a portion of Lorain County Ohio. He was elected in the 1994 election with a margin of only 12 votes. He was succeeded by J. Tom Lendrum.
 La Bestia in Calore (also known as SS Hell Camp SS Experiment Part 2 The Beast in Heat and Horrifying Experiments of the S.S. Last Days) is an Italian exploitation film released in 1977. Directed by Luigi Batzella and written by Batzella and Lorenzo Artale it gained notoriety when it was banned in the UK as a video nasty. This is one of many so-called video nasties about fictionalized World War II Nazi POW camp atrocities.
 Øre is a village and former municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located along the Batnfjorden in the present-day Gjemnes Municipality. The village lies about half-way between the villages of Batnfjordsøra and Torvikbukt. Øre Church is located in this village. The village of Øre was the administrative centre of the old Øre Municipality which existed from 1838 until 1965.
 The Dallas Morning News is a major daily newspaper serving the Dallas Texas (USA) area with over 400000 daily subscribers. It was founded on October 1 1885 by Alfred Horatio Belo as a satellite publication of the Galveston Daily News of Galveston Texas.Today it has one of the 20 largest paid circulations in the United States.
 Phyllobrostis farsensis is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is only known from Fars in Iran.The wingspan is about 7 mm.
 Un Paso del Amor is the debut album from Puerto Rican singer Ektor. Ektor was the second finalist of the first season of Puerto Rican talent show contest Objetivo Fama.The album was released on August 23 2005. The first single titled Te Voy a Amar was used in one of Univision's soap operas.
 Rasputin is a 2010 Italian film directed by Louis Nero.
 Tunnel Vision is a 1995 Australian film.The film was shot from 14 February to 20 March 1994 but was not released theatrically and was not released on video until 1996.
 Natolin [naˈtɔlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieck within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Parmeh-ye Sofla (Persian: پرمه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Parmeh-ye Soflá and Parmeh Sofla; also known as Parmeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Chenarud-e Shomali Rural District Chenarud District Chadegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 481 in 100 families.
 Abdelwahid Bouabdallah (Arabic: عبد الواحد بو عبد الله‎) (born 1953) has been CEO of Air Algérie since March 1 2008 up to 19 June 2011 replacing former CEO Mohamed Tayeb Benouis who died in August 2007.Born in 1953 and the father of four children Abdelwahid Bouabdallah holds a degree in mathematics from the University of Algiers in 1973. He subsequently achieved a computer science diploma in engineering that enabled him to integrate the Ministry of Water in 1978.
 Tales from the Expat Harem: Foreign Women in Modern Turkey (Turkish: Türkçe Sevmek) is a nonfiction anthology by 32 expatriate women from seven nations and five continents about their lives in modern Turkey published by Seal Press in North America (2006 ISBN 1-58005-155-3) and Doğan Kitap in Turkey (2005 ISBN 975-293-381-5 Turkish edition ISBN 975-293-372-6 English edition).Edited by Anastasia M.
 Prociphilini is an insect tribe of the order Hemiptera. Prociphilini are aphids that cause the plants they attack to produce galls in which they reside and feed.
 Beit Jabad is a synagogue in Montevideo Uruguay.This synagogue belongs to the Chabad movement. It is located in the neighbourhood of Pocitos.
 Holy Trinity Cathedral (Latvian: Svētā Trīsvienības katedrāle) is an Orthodox cathedral in Riga the capital of Latvia. The cathedral is situated at the address 126 Krišjānis Barons Street.
 Kirby: King of Comics is a 2008 biography of Jack Kirby written by Mark Evanier. The book won the 2009 Eisner Award for Best Comics-Related Book. Published by the art book publisher Abrams Books it is extensively illustrated with Kirby's artwork including original art comic pages with production notes in blue ink.
 †Heteroneritidae is an extinct taxonomic family of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamilia Pyramidelloidea.
 In the Path of the Storm is the sixth book of The Animals of Farthing Wood series. It was first published in 1989 and has since been included in a single book with The Siege of White Deer Park and Battle for the Park in the Second Omnibus edition (Hutchinson 1995).
 Pak Sar Jamin Saad Baad (Bengali: পাক সার জমিন সাদ বাদ Pāka Sāra Jamina Sāda Bāda The Blessed Sacred Land) is a 2003 novel written by Humayun Azad one of the anti-establish anti-religious writer in Bangladesh. The novel based on a religious group who collaborated with the Pakistani army during the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971.
 Established in 1945 the Prince Aly Khan Hospital is a 162-bed multispecialty acute care hospital in Mumbai. The ISO-certified hospital is best known for its services in oncology and cardiovascular diseases and renowned as a referral centre regionally and internationally. The hospital is equipped with an operating complex oncology department cardiology department 24-hour emergency service and a day surgery unit.
 Hotel Paracas or the Hotel Paracas a Luxury Collection Resort is a five star luxury hotel and resort located in near Pisco Peru 240 kilometres south of Lima. The hotel was established in 1944 by Emilio Guimoye and is a small resort surrounded by desert at Paracas Bay on the Pacific coast. The Paracas is a prestigious name in Peru and many of the wealthiest businessmen in Peru from Lima visit the resort or have an apartment in the area.
 Lough Leane (from Irish Loch Léin meaning lake of learning) is largest of the three lakes of Killarney. The River Laune flows from the lake into the Dingle Bay to the northwest.
 Ital Dub is an album by Augustus Pablo originally released in 1974 and sees Tommy Cowan and Warwick Lyn replacing Clive Chin on production duties. The album also features King Tubby as Engineer a role he would later reprise a number of times during Pablo's career.NB : Ital Dub is also the name of a Studio One Dub album by Dub Specialist produced by C.S. Dodd http://www.downbeat-special.co.uk/DUB/italdub.html
 Edith McClafferty (born 1960) is a Democratic member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to House District 75 which represents a portion of the Silver Bow County area.
 Beverly Burnsed Spencer was Vice President of University Relations (1992–2003) at Florida State University in Tallahassee Florida. Her role in the position involved directing the Florida State University Alumni Association and the Seminole Boosters.Beverly Spencer formerly Beverly Burnsed was also a member of the Florida House of Representatives 1976-1988. She earned a BA in History from Florida State University in 1962.[1]
 The Frank Littleton Round Barn also known as the Littleton-Pulliam Round Barn is a round barn near Mount Comfort Indiana United States. Built in 1903 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.At 102 feet in diameter it is the largest round barn ever built in the state. It was built for attorney and state legislator Frank L.
 The Man with the Perfect Swing is a 1995 American comedy-drama movie written and directed by Michael Hovis.
 Galdene is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 West Newark School House is a historic church and school located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. It is of frame construction and designed in the Greek Revival style. It was built in 1823-1824 as a combined school and church building by members of the West Newark Congregational Church. It served this dual role until 1848 when it became used only as a school. It functioned as a school until 1931.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Biskupiec [bisˈkupjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Dubrava is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 45 people.
 Sengsara Membawa Nikmat (English: Blessing in Disguise) is an Indonesian novel written by Tulis Sutan Sati. It was published in 1929 by Balai Pustaka. It tells the story of Midun the son of a farmer who experiences many trials before finally living happily with his new wife. It has been noted as one of Sati's most interesting works.
 Stephanie Vallee is a politician lawyer and negotiator in Quebec Canada.
 Motyl [ˈmɔtɨl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostycyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Gostycyn 20 km (12 mi) south of Tuchola and 37 km (23 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 106.
 On the Black Hill is a 1987 film directed by Andrew Grieve and based upon the novel of the same name by Bruce Chatwin.Although Bruce Chatwin initially considered his novel about 80 years of rural family life in the Welsh border country unfilmable he changed his mind when he saw how keen director Andrew Grieve was to make it and they went together to see some of the places and meet some of the people that Chatwin had been inspired by.
 Resurrection is the debut studio album by Chris Pérez Band. It was released on May 18 1999. In this album Pérez dedicated the song Best I Can to his wife Selena. In 2002 Chris Pérez Band made their final album called Una Noche Más. At the 2000 Grammy Awards it won the Grammy Award for Best Latin Rock/Alternative Album. In 2002 Chris Pérez Band made their final album called Una Noche Más.
 The Cinnamon Hummingbird (Amazilia rutila) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found from northwestern Mexico to Costa Rica.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Neural Networks is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal and an official journal of the International Neural Network Society European Neural Network Society and Japanese Neural Network Society. It was established in 1988 and is published by Elsevier. The journal covers all aspects of research on artificial neural networks.
 The Road to San Vicente is a book by Leif Borthen about life in the tiny village of Sant Vicent de sa Cala in the far north east of the Spanish island of Ibiza. In 1933 Borthen had arrived in Ibiza and settled in the remote village along with René Paul Gauguin the grandson of the French artist Paul Gauguin.
 Nash (Persian: ناش‎ also Romanized as Nāsh) is a village in Khorgam Rural District Khorgam District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 414 in 130 families.
 Anjir Siah-e Sofla (Persian: انجيرسياه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Anjīr Sīāh-e Soflá; also known as Anjīr-e Sīāh) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Caroline County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Bowling Green Caroline County Virginia. It was built about 1830 and is a two-story four bay wide brick temple form building in the Jeffersonian Roman Revival style. The building is surrounded by a Tuscan entablature with a Tuscan pediment at either end. The front facade features an open arcade one-bay deep on the ground floor with six rounded arches.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Cosmopolitan is an international magazine for women. It was first published in 1886 in the United States as a family magazine was later transformed into a literary magazine and eventually became a women's magazine in the late 1960s. Also known as Cosmo its content as of 2011 included articles on women's issues relationships sex health careers self-improvement celebrities fashion and beauty.
 Ivkovački Prnjavor is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 102 people.
 St. Galler Tagblatt commonly shortened to Tagblatt is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper published in St. Gallen.
 Dalab-e Bala (Persian: دالاببالا‎ also Romanized as Dālāb-e Bālā; also known as Dālāb-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 10 families.
 The Basilica-Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador is the metropolitan cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. John's Newfoundland and the mother church and symbol of Roman Catholicism in Newfoundland.The Basilica-Cathedral was the largest building project to its date in Newfoundland history.
 Dul Bahar (Persian: دول بهار‎ also Romanized as Dūl Bahār) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 4 families.
 Spike: Old Wounds is a comic based on the Angel television series.
 The Wind River is a river in Yukon part of the Peel River watershed. It lies to the west of the Bonnet Plume and Snake Rivers.The river is only accessible by air or by trekking overland or along a winter road. The river is paddled several times a year by various groups. The river is made up of long sets of Class I and Class II rapids with virtually no flat water. In some parts the channel is very wide and braided and occasionally very shallow.
 All in Time is the debut album by Canadian singer-songwriter Jim Cuddy. It was released by WEA on September 8 1998. The album peaked at number 38 on the RPM Top Albums chart.
 Casa Serrallés (Spanish for Serrallés Residence) is a historic building in the city of Ponce Puerto Rico. It was built in 1911 by Alfredo Wiechers Pieretti for Don Juan Eugenio Serrallés Pérez son of businessman Juan Serrallés Colón founder of Destilería Serrallés and himself the CEO of the company that founded Ron Don Q. The building is currently home to the Museo de la Música Puertorriqueña.
 Shiaan-Bin Huang (Chinese: 黄士豪; pinyin: Huáng Shìháo) is a Member of Parliament of South Africa and member of the African National Congress (ANC). He was also regional chairman of the IFP before floor crossing to the ANC.Huang has a PhD Business Administration (USA) as well as an MBA (Wilson Institute of Management HK). He was the Deputy Mayor of Newcastle in KwaZulu-Natal as well as Executive Councillor of Newcastle from 1995 to 2004.
 Metaxygnathus is an extinct genus of ichthyostegalian amphibian found in Late Devonian deposits of New South Wales Australia .It is known only from a lower jawbone. Previously thought to be a lobe-finned fish it has now been reassigned to the earliest group of tetrapods.
 The Mékinac river is a located in the RCM Mekinac Regional County Municipality in the administrative region of Mauricie the province of Quebec in Canada. This river of Middle Mauricie has played an important role in the forestry industry at the end of 19th Century.
 Richard Plantagenet Campbell Temple-Nugent-Brydges-Chandos-Grenville 3rd Duke of Buckingham and Chandos GCSI PC DL (10 September 1823–26 March 1889) styled Earl Temple until 1839 and Marquess of Chandos from 1839 to 1861 was a British soldier politician and administrator of the 19th century.
 Królewski Dwór [kruˈlɛfski ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parczew within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Parczew and 50 km (31 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Clinton Peak elevation 13864 ft (4226 m) is a summit in the Mosquito Range of central Colorado. The peak is on the Continental Divide east of Climax in the San Isabel and Pike national forests.
 Selim E. Woodworth (November 27 1815 – January 29 1871) was a commander in the United States Navy prominent San Francisco businessman and member of the Woodworth political family.
 The Night Circus is a 2011 fantasy novel by Erin Morgenstern.
 The Southern Masked Weaver or African Masked Weaver (Ploceus velatus) is a resident breeding bird species common throughout southern Africa.This weaver is very widespread and found in a wide range of habitats including shrubland savanna grassland open woodland inland wetlands and semi-desert areas. It also occurs in suburban gardens and parks.
 Vera Chapel (Norwegian: Vera kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Vera. The church is part of the Vera parish in the Sør-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden chapel was built in 1899 and serves the eastern part of the municipality.
 The Valea Dracului River is a tributary of the Muşatul River in Romania.
 Nesna Church (Norwegian: Nesna kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Nesna in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Nesna. The church is part of the Nesna parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was constructed in 1880 and it seats about 800 people. The Neo-Gothic style church was designed by Niels Stockfleth Darre Eckhoff.
 Langar (Persian: لنگر‎) is a village in Shandiz Rural District Shandiz District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 436 in 99 families.
 Boulder Bridge and Ross Drive Bridge are historic bridges located in the Washington D.C. portion of Rock Creek Park an urban national park listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 23 1991. Boulder Bridge was constructed in 1902 and carries Beach Drive across Rock Creek a tributary of the Potomac River. The reinforced concrete arch bridge was designed by architect W. J.
 Women of Valor is a 1986 CBS-TV movie about World War II starring Susan Sarandon and Kristy McNichol and directed by Buzz Kulik. It premièred on November 23 1986 and was released on DVD on March 10 1998.
 Third Album is the third studio album released by The Jackson 5 on Motown Records and the group's second LP released in 1970. Third Album featured the group's fourth consecutive number-one single on the US pop charts I'll Be There the Top 5 single Mama's Pearl and album tracks such as the semi-autobiographical Goin' Back to Indiana and Darling Dear. The album peaked at #4 on the Billboard album charts and #1 on the R&B album charts and also #1 on Cashbox.
 Mingus at Carnegie Hall is a live album by jazz bassist and composer Charles Mingus recorded at Carnegie Hall in January 1974 by Mingus with Jon Faddis Charles McPherson John Handy George Adams Rahsaan Roland Kirk Hamiet Bluiett Don Pullen and Dannie Richmond.
 La Prensa is an independent newspaper founded on October 26 1964 by Organización Publicitaria S.A. whose publications include El Heraldo and Diario Deportivo Diez. It has a daily circulation average of 60000 units[citation needed] with full color and tabloid-sized pages. Although it is distributed all across the country it is in the north area of Honduras where its presence is more important.
 John O'Toole (born c. 1944) is a politician in Ontario Canada. He has been a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario since 1995 representing the riding of Durham for the Progressive Conservative Party.
 Salehabad (Persian: صالح اباد‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 John Small (October 8 1831 – February 10 1909) was a Canadian politician.Born in York Township Upper Canada Small was educated in his home district schools and at the Upper Canada College. From 1855 to 1882 he was a taxing officer of the Court of the Queen's Bench. From 1878 to 1879 he was a member of the Toronto City Council. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons for Toronto East in the 1882 federal election. A Conservative he was re-elected in 1887.
 The Brooks Camp Boat House near King Salmon Alaska was built in 1959 by the National Park Service. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Pure Country is a 1992 American dramatic musical western film directed by Christopher Cain. The film stars George Strait in his acting debut with Lesley Ann Warren Isabel Glasser and Kyle Chandler. The film was considered a box office bomb however the soundtrack was a critical success and to date Strait's best selling album. The film was followed by a sequel in 2010 titled Pure Country 2: The Gift.
 The Capivara River (Santa Tereza River) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Areias River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Stilaro (in antiquity the Elleporus; in Calabrian dialect Stilaru) is an Italian river which runs through Bivongi Pazzano and Stilo in the Province of Reggio Calabria Calabria and along with the river gives its name to the Vallata dello Stilaro Allaro the valley through which it flows.
 The Krishnapuram Palace is a palace and museum located in Kayamkulam near Alappuzha in Alappuzha district Kerala in southwestern India. It was built in the 18th century by Anizham Thirunal Marthanda Varma (1729–1758 AD) the Travancore kingdom.
 Sinner is a 2007 drama film directed by Marc Benardout. It stars Nick Chinlund Georgina Cates Michael E. Rodgers Tom Wright and Brad Dourif.The film debuted on Showtime on April 3 2009 and was released on DVD in June 2009 in North America by Matson Films.
 Short Working Day (Polish: Krótki dzień pracy) is a Polish film directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski. Written by Kieślowski and Hanna Krall the film is about the workers protests in June '76 in Radom as seen from the perspective of the local Secretary of the Polish United Workers' Party. The film is based on real events but the characters are fictional. Short Working Day was filmed in 1981 but had its official premiere on television only in 1996.
 Lot One (Chinese: 第一乐广场）) is a shopping mall serving Choa Chu Kang New Town. It was built in 1997 and is managed by CapitaMall Trust. It is located next to Choa Chu Kang MRT/LRT and the Choa Chu Kang Bus Interchange.
 Vaupés River (Uaupés River) is a tributary of the Rio Negro in South America. It arises in the Guaviare Department of Colombia flowing east through Guaviare and Vaupés Departments. It forms part of the international border between Colombia and the Amazonas state of Brazil. On the border it merges with the Papurí River and becomes known as the Uaupés.
 The First Methodist Church of Batavia is a historic building in Batavia Illinois. It functioned as a Methodist church until the 1880s. The building was then converted into the McWayne School Annex which held classes until 1978. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Yes No is the thirteenth studio album by Japanese Jazz fusion band T-Square. It was released on February 26 1988 through Columbia Records and was the last studio album by the band released under the name The Square.
 Strophomena is a genus of brachiopods belonging to the order Strophomenida family Strophomenidae. They were stationary epifaunal suspension feeders.These brachiopods (often known as lamp shells) lived from the Ordovician period in the Lower Llanvim age to the Silurian period in the Lower Llandovery age.
 The Rowan (1990) is the first book in The Tower and the Hive series (also known as The Rowan series) by Anne McCaffrey. It is set in the universe of the Pegasus trilogy against a backdrop of a technologically advanced society in which telepathy psychokinesis and other psychic Talents have become scientifically accepted and researched.
 Morning Comes is the fifth album by Canadian alternative country group Cuff the Duke released October 4 2011 on Paper Bag Records. The album was nominated for Adult Alternative Album of the Year at the 2012 Juno Awards.It was the band's second album to be produced by Greg Keelor of Blue Rodeo.
 Budne [ˈbudnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Troszyn 17 km (11 mi) east of Ostrołęka and 111 km (69 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Kowalewo Opactwo-Parcele [kɔvaˈlɛvɔ ɔˈpat͡stfɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 125.
 Mars Hill is an historic church and cemetery located near Ottumwa Iowa United States. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Miłowice [miwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadowa Kłoda within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Dziadowa Kłoda 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Oleśnica and 44 kilometres (27 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Asthenotricha grandis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Rwanda.
 Lac des Taillères is a lake in the la Brévine valley in the Canton of Neuchâtel Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.45 km².
 The International Journal of Language & Communication Disorders is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers topics relevant to speech and language disorders and speech and language therapy. Article types published are research reports reviews discussions and clinical fora. It is the official journal of the Royal College of Speech and Language Therapists. The journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell and edited by Katerina Hilari and Nicola Botting (City University London).
 The Mikulov Highlands (Czech: Mikulovská vrchovina) is a mountain range in South Moravia Czech Republic. The Highlands together with the Waschberg Zone and Lower Austria Inselberg threshold form the South-Moravian Carpathians.
 Boniface Alexandre (born 31 July 1936) is a Haïtian politician . He served as acting president of Haïti from 2004 to 2006. The 2004 Haitian coup d'état removed President Jean-Bertrand Aristide from the Americas on February 29 2004. Following this Alexandre as the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and therefore next in the presidential line of succession assumed the office of president.
 Jeanne Eagels (also titled The Jeanne Eagels Story) is a 1957 American biographical film loosely based on the life of stage star Jeanne Eagels. Distributed by Columbia Pictures the film was produced and directed by George Sidney from a screenplay by John Fante Daniel Fuchs and Sonya Levien based on a story by Fuchs.The film stars Kim Novak in the title role.
 The Tasman Sea (Māori: Te Tai-o-Rehua.) is a marginal sea of the South Pacific Ocean situated between Australia and New Zealand. It measures approximately 2000 kilometres (1200 mi) across and extends 2800 km (approx.) from north to south. The sea was named after the Dutch explorer Abel Janszoon Tasman who was the first recorded European to encounter New Zealand and Tasmania.
 Gubongdaesan is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 900.7 m (2955 ft).
 Inroads: New and Collected Works is a compilation Roy Montgomery released on February 13 2007 through Rebris Recordings. It couples seventeen previously released compositions with five newly recorded ones.
 Orthaga semialba is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It is found in Malaysia.
 The White Abacus is a 1997 science fiction novel by Damien Broderick. It follows the story of Telmah Lord Cima who travels to Earth from a far-off world and becomes friends with a computer-augmented being called Ratio.
 Current History is the oldest United States-based publication devoted exclusively to contemporary world affairs. The magazine was founded in 1914 by George Washington Ochs Oakes brother of New York Times publisher Adolph Ochs in order to provide detailed coverage of World War I. Current History was published by The New York Times Company from its founding until 1936.
 Jay Kenneth Katzen (born August 23 1936) is a retired diplomat business consultant state legislator and government agency administrator and the current President of the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation. He is a graduate of Princeton University (1958) and Yale University (1959) and served presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower through George H.W. Bush. His positions have included White House translator and U.S. representative to the United Nations.
 Njesuthi or Injesuthi Dome is one of the highest mountains in the Drakensberg mountain range at 3408 metres (11181 ft). It is located on the border between Lesotho and the South African province KwaZulu-Natal. Also less than 1.5km away on the border is the taller Mafadi peak at 3450 metres (11319 ft).
 This Desert Life is the third studio album from Counting Crows. The cover art is by noted comic book artist Dave McKean best known for his work with Neil Gaiman and is in fact an adaptation of the cover art McKean did for Gaiman's picture book The Day I Swapped My Dad for Two Goldfish.
 Dominion VIII is the eighth studio album by Swedish death metal band Grave released in April 2008.
 John Nathan Hostettler (born June 19 1961) served in the U.S. House of Representatives from January 3 1995 to January 3 2007 representing the 8th District of Indiana (map). He lost his reelection bid for a seventh term to Democratic challenger Brad Ellsworth in the 2006 midterm election ending a twelve-year Congressional career.He was a Republican candidate for the open U.S. Senate seat in the state of Indiana held by retiring Senator Evan Bayh.
 The Marshall Covered Bridge is a single span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton & Son in 1917. The bridge is 74 feet (23 m) long 15 feet (4.6 m) wide and 14 feet (4.3 m) high.
 Stolen Spring (Danish: ''Det Forsømte Forår'') is a 1993 Danish film adaptation of Hans Scherfig's novel The Stolen Spring.Stolen Spring was shot in 1993 starring some of the biggest stars in Danish Cinema such as Fritz Helmuth. The book is a collective novel in that the protagonist isn't a single person but rather a group. Some critics think that the movie remake has failed to retain this and other thematics and therefore does not deliver Scherfig's socialist message.
 Alatriste is a 2006 Spanish historical film directed by Agustín Díaz Yanes based on the main character of a series of novels written by Arturo Pérez-Reverte The Adventures of Captain Alatriste (Las aventuras del Capitán Alatriste).The film which stars Viggo Mortensen is the second most expensive Spanish language film ever made in Spain (about €24 million – US$30 million); only preceded by Agora. It portrays Spain of the 17th century using both fictional and real characters.
 Avisa Nordland is a newspaper published in Bodø Norway. It was established through a controversial merger of the two competing newspapers Nordlandsposten and Nordlands Framtid. In 2006 it had a circulation of about 24700 copies.The paper has its headquarters in central Bodø and until 2013 occupied most of the bank Nordlandsbankens former premises. In addition it has offices in Nordland small towns Fauske Oppeid and Ørnes.
 The Hants Journal is a weekly newspaper serving Hants County Nova Scotia. It began publication in 1867 as the Saturday Mail taking the name Hants Journal in 1870. It is the paper of record in Hants County.It has a circulation of under 2500.
 Streptocionella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 This article is about an album by Don Cherry. For philosophical concept see Eternal Now (New Age)Eternal Now is an album by trumpeter Don Cherry recorded in 1973 and released on the Swedish Sonet label.
 Weekend is the third album of R&B singer Kenny Lattimore and the first under new record label Arista Records released in 2001.
 Hubale [xuˈbalɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Zamość and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Salt Rain is a 2001 album by Susheela Raman. The album was a Mercury Music Prize nominee.
 The Singing Fool is a 1928 musical drama Part-Talkie motion picture which was released by Warner Brothers. The film starred Al Jolson and was a follow-up to his previous film The Jazz Singer. It is credited with helping to cement the popularity of both sound and the musical genre.
 The Covington News is a newspaper serving Covington Georgia and surrounding Newton County including the towns of Oxford Porterdale and Social Circle. The newspaper publishes three times per week on Wednesday Friday and Sunday.
 Brezova Kosa (Serbian: Брезова Коса) is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Peryn Chapel or the Church of the Nativity of the Theotokos on Peryn(Russian: Церковь Рождества Богородицы на Перыни Tserkov Rozhdestva Bogoroditsy na Peryni) in the environs of Veliky Novgorod is one of the city's oldest churches dating from the 1220s. The church is located 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from Veliky Novgorod by the source of the Volkhov River where it flows out of Lake Ilmen.
 Beauregard Parish Jail is a former jailhouse in DeRidder Louisiana built in 1914 in the Gothic Revival architecture style. It is referred to as the Gothic jail or the Hanging jail. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 17 1981. The jail is owned by the Beauregard Parish Police Jury. The Beauregard Parish Rehabilitation Committee serves under the direction of the Police Jury with the primary duty of the preserving the jail.
 Cerithiopsis honora is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Dall in 1927.
 For One Night is a 2006 film is based on the true story of Gerica McCrary who made headlines in 2002 by getting Taylor County High School in her hometown of Butler Georgia to integrate the prom after thirty-one years of segregation. It stars Raven-Symoné as Briana McCallister and Aisha Tyler as Desiree Howard. The movie was filmed in summer 2005 in Louisiana just before Hurricane Katrina.The movie was written by Dee Harris-Lawrence.
 The Buckminster-Kingsbury Farm is a historic farmhouse at 80 Houghton Ledge Road in Roxbury New Hampshire. The brick house was built c. 1825 and is a well preserved example of vernacular Federal and Greek Revival styling.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 The Mummy's Hand is a 1940 black-and-white horror film produced by Ben Pivar for Universal Studios. Although it is sometimes claimed by fans as a sequel or follow-up to the 1932 film The Mummy it does not continue the 1932 film's storyline or feature any of the same characters and its plot suggests rather an unacknowledged remake of the earlier mummy film.
 Confessions of a Sociopathic Social Climber (retitled The Social Climber for the U.K. market) is a romantic comedy television film made for the Oxygen Network released March 12 2005 based on the novel of the same name by Adele Lang. It stars Jennifer Love Hewitt as 28-year-old Katya an advertising executive more concerned with being a well-known socialite than being a good person.
 Bicyclus danckelmani is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Tanzania. The habitat consists of sub-montane and montane forests at altitudes between 800 and 1800 meters.Both sexes are attracted to fermented bananas.
 The Gold Coast Bulletin is a daily newspaper serving Australia's Gold Coast region. It is published as The Gold Coast Bulletin on weekdays and the Weekend Bulletin at weekends. It is printed locally at its state-of-the-art facility in Molendinar and it is owned by News Limited. In August 2011 police and the parents of a murder victim criticized the paper for falsely accusing their son of child sex crimes.
 The Ice Flood is a 1926 silent film northwoods drama produced and distributed by Universal Pictures. It was directed by George Seitz and starred Kenneth Harlan and Viola Dana. A complete though poor quality copy exists and has been distributed by the Grapevine company in Arizona.
 YMCA Baseball Team (YMCA Yagudan or YMCA 야구단) is a semi-historical 2002 South Korean comedy film.In 1905 there was a confluence of international events leading to the loss of Chosŏn Korean sovereignty and by 1910 Japan formally annexed Korea outright.
 Three Months in the Southern States is a book written by Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Fremantle a member of Her Majesty's Coldstream Guards upon his return to England from his three-month stay (April 2 until July 16 1863) in the Confederate States of America.Most specifically mentioned in the book are Fremantle's travels through Texas the deep south and finally when he arrived in the company of the Army of Northern Virginia on June 27 and witnessed the Battle of Gettysburg firsthand as part of a cadre of foreign observers attached to the headquarters of Lt. 
 The Ribeirão Crisóstomo is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Walnut Street School is a historic school building at 55 Hopkins Street in Reading Massachusetts. A two-room schoolhouse built in 1853 it is the town's oldest public building. It was modified by architect Horace G. Wadlin in 1884.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Hall River is a river on the West Coast of New Zealand. It drains Lake Paringa flowing north to the Paringa River which drains into the Tasman Sea.
 Look and Learn was a British weekly educational magazine for children published by Fleetway Publications Ltd from 1962 until 1982.
 The Frank B. Hopewell House is a historic house at 301 Waverley Avenue in Newton Massachusetts. The large 2 1/2 story brick building was designed by Boston architect George Sidbottom and built in 1919. It is the most intact and best preserved of several large early 20th century Colonial Revival estate houses in the city.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Clash of Eagles is a 1990 alternate history novel by Leo Rutman.
 A.D.M. is the second studio album by New Zealand indie rock group Snapper released in 1996.
 Fabric 10 is a DJ mix compilation album by Doc Martin as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Flat Creek Ranch was a private retreat in Jackson Hole Wyoming now a guest ranch. The original ranch was established by Cal Carrington between 1901 and 1918 at the base of Sheep Mountain also known as the Sleeping Indian. In 1923 a new owner socialite and journalist Cissy Patterson built the present structures.
 High Terrace is a 1956 British mystery film directed by Henry Cass and starring Dale Robertson Lois Maxwell Derek Bond Eric Pohlmann and Lionel Jeffries.
 The Alchemist is a 1984 horror film about a man who desires to avenge a curse placed on him by an evil magician. The film was directed by Charles Band and stars Robert Ginty Lucinda Dooling and John Sanderford.
 One Take Radio Sessions is a live in-studio EP by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler released on 21 June 2005 by Mercury Records internationally and Warner Bros. Records in the United States. The tracks were recorded in one take at Shangri-la Studios in Malibu California. The EP contains live in-studio versions of seven songs from the 2004 album Shangri-La and one song Rüdiger from the album Golden Heart.
 The Hotel Russell is a four star hotel located on Russell Square Bloomsbury London owned and operated by the Principal Hayley Group. It was built in 1898 by the architect Charles Fitzroy Doll. It is distinctively clad in decorative thé-au-lait (tea with milk) terracotta and was based on the Château de Madrid on the Bois de Boulogne in Paris.
 The Passumpsic River is a 22.7-mile-long (36.5 km) tributary of the Connecticut River in Vermont. Though primarily a Caledonia County river it is the only river to flow through all three counties of the Northeast Kingdom.
 Pygarctia pterygostigma is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1909. It is found in Mexico New Mexico and southern Texas.The wingspan is about 28 mm. The forewings are grey with a yellowish-white mark. Adults are on wing from June to September.
 Maravići (Serbian: Маравићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Love & Life is the fourth studio album by American R&B singer Eric Benét which was released on September 9 2008.This album debuted at No. 11 on Billboard 200 and No. 2 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart with 40000 copies making his own highest peak position since A Day in the Life in 1999. It also received two 2009 Grammy Award nominations for Best R&B Album and for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance for You're the Only One.
 Nervous Night is the second studio album by the American rock band The Hooters released in 1985 by Columbia Records and on CBS Records in Europe. The album features two of the band's biggest and best-known hits And We Danced and Day by Day as well as the minor hit All You Zombies which was a rerecorded version of a single that had first been released in 1982.
 Amata bondo is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1965. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Bow Down is the debut album by American West coast hip hop/gangsta rap supergroup Westside Connection released on October 22 1996 through Ice Cube's Lench Mob/Priority Records. It featured production from Bud'da QDIII and Ice Cube among other producers.The album peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 on November 9 1996 shipping 145000 units. It went on to sell 1.7 million copies certifying it platinum by RIAA on October 1 1997.
 Gol Qabagh (Persian: گل قباغ‎ also Romanized as Gol Qabāgh Gol Qobāgh and Gol-e Qabāgh; also known as Gol-e Khāvak and Gul-i-Khāwak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 23 families.
 John Milliken Parker (March 16 1863 – May 20 1939) was an American Democratic politician from Louisiana who served as the state's 37th Governor from 1920 to 1924. He was a friend and admirer of President Theodore Roosevelt.
 The Taichung English and Art Museum (Chinese: 臺中兒童藝術館or台中兒童藝術館; pinyin: Táizhōng Értóng Yìshùguǎn) is an art museum for children in Dali District Taichung Taiwan.
 Blaze Starr Goes Nudist is an American 1962 nudist film produced and directed by Doris Wishman. The film featured legendary burlesque queen Blaze Starr. The nude scenes were filmed at Sunny Palms Lodge in Homestead Florida.The film is also known as Blaze Starr Goes Back to Nature Blaze Starr Goes Wild Blaze Starr the Original and Busting Out.
 Grenville Mellen Dodge (April 12 1831 – January 3 1916) was a Union army officer on the frontier and during the Civil War a U.S. Congressman businessman and railroad executive who helped direct the construction of the Transcontinental Railroad.
 Bafrajerd (Persian: بفراجرد‎ also Romanized as Bafrājerd; also known asVarāvard) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1289 in 257 families.
 The São Tomé Ibis (Bostrychia bocagei) also known as the Dwarf Olive Ibis is a critically endangered bird that is endemic to São Tomé. Once thought to be a subspecies of the larger Olive Ibis it is now classified as a distinct species.
 Rohrbach (Tauber) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Evershed is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon named after the English solar astronomer John Evershed. It is located to the northeast of the larger crater Cockcroft and to the north of the smaller Van den Bergh.This crater has a worn outer rim that is somewhat indented and narrower along the eastern side where the formation overlays an older crater. The satellite crater Evershed R is attached to the outer southwest rim.
 Anawan Rock is a colonial historic site in Rehoboth Massachusetts. It is a large dome of conglomerate rock (puddingstone) located off of Winthrop (U.S. Route 44) in a wooded site reached by a short footpath.The site was added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Death Acoustic is a solo acoustic record by American musician Nick Oliveri. The album contains mostly cover songs of bands Oliveri is involved in directly or is a fan of. Bands covered include Raw Power GG Allin Moistboyz Kyuss Queens of the Stone Age The Misfits and The Dwarves. On January 15 2010 the album was nominated for a High Times 2010 Doobie Award in the Best Alternative Rock Artist category. The winning nominees were awarded on March 21 2010.
 Kienkówka [kʲɛnˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Stoczek Łukowski 35 km (22 mi) west of Łuków and 92 km (57 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Augustów [auˈɡustuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Przasnysz and 81 km (50 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Malcolm Colin Cameron (April 12 1831 – September 26 1898) was a businessman and lawyer in Ontario. He represented Huron South in the Canadian House of Commons from 1867 to 1875 and from 1878 to 1882 and Huron West from 1882 to 1887 1891 to 1892 and 1896 to 1898.He was born in Perth in Upper Canada in 1831. He was the son probably adopted of Malcolm Cameron. He attended Knox College in Toronto later studying law.
 Prospect Park is a 585 acres (237 ha) public park in the New York City borough of Brooklyn located between Park Slope Prospect-Lefferts Gardens Ditmas Park Windsor Terrace and Flatbush Avenue Grand Army Plaza and the Brooklyn Botanic Garden. It is run and operated by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation and is part of the Brooklyn-Queens Greenway.The park was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vaux after they completed Manhattan's Central Park.
 Mayor of the Sunset Strip is a 2003 documentary film on the life of Rodney Bingenheimer directed by George Hickenlooper and produced by Chris Carter.
 Stary Rachów [ˈstarɨ ˈraxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Annopol 23 km (14 mi) west of Kraśnik and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 170.
 One More Megabyte is a studio album by the English punk rock band Toy Dolls recorded in 1997. It is a loose concept album in the fact that most of the album's lyrics are relate to computers such as the title track and Mega Outro.
 Dos Marmelos River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Straße zur Heimat is a 1952 Italian film.
 Tjokorda Ngurah Wim Sukawati (February 1 1923 – February 24 2013) was the eldest son of President of the State of East Indonesia and former `King´ of Ubud Tjokorda Gde Raka Soekawati and his wife Gusti Agung Niang Putu. His title Tjokorda Gde indicates that Sukawati belonged to the highest ksatria (one of the four noble castes in Bali).
 A Mother's Instinct is a 1996 made-for-television drama film directed by Sam Pillsbury and distributed on CBS. It was released on March 13 1996 in the U.S. and August 18 2000 in the U.K. It was filmed in Wilmington North Carolina.
 Verdalselva (English: Verdal River) is a 21-kilometre (13 mi) long river in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The river begins at Holmen in the village of Vuku at the confluence of the rivers Inna and Helgåa. The river Inna drains the lake Innsvatnet near the Swedish border and the river Helgåa runs from the lake Veresvatnet at the village of Vera. The river Verdalselva flows west into the Trondheimsfjord after passing through the town of Verdalsøra.
 The Château de Larressingle is a ruined castle in the commune of Larressingle in the Gers département of France.The castle was built in the second half of the 13th century. The second and third floors were added by Arnaud Orthon de Lomagne Bishop of Condom between 1285 and 1305.
 The Antilopinae are a subfamily of Bovidae. The gazelles blackbucks springboks gerenuks dibatags and Central Asian gazelles are often referred to as true antelopes and are usually classified as the only representatives of the Antilopinae. True antelopes occur in much of Africa and Asia with the highest concentration of species occurring in East Africa in Sudan Eritrea Ethiopia Somalia Kenya and Tanzania.
 The Grand Millennium Plaza II is a 30-floor tower part of the Grand Millennium Plaza on the Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong China. The tower has a total structural height of 123 m (404 ft). Construction of the Grand Millennium Plaza II was completed in 1998.
 Chamechaude is the highest summit in the Chartreuse Massif in the Isère department in eastern France. It is the fourth most prominent mountain in metropolitan France.
 The goldeneye shovelnose ray (Rhinobatos sainsburyi) is a species of fish in the Rhinobatidae family. It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitat is open seas.
 My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands is a best-selling book by Chelsea Handler that was released on May 12 2005 by Bloomsbury USA. The book is a collection of stories about the author's various one-night stands. The book was a success that helped her to launch her writing career and led to her second book Are You There Vodka? It's Me Chelsea.
 Elk Creek is a 30.4-mile (48.9 km) tributary of Lake Erie in Erie County Pennsylvania in the United States. The creek is part of the Lake Erie Watershed and has a drainage basin of 99.4 square miles (257 km2). Elk Creek is stocked with brown trout and steelhead by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission.
 Melanodexia is a peculiar New World cluster fly genus of the western United States.
 Kahshe Lake is a lake situated in the Muskoka region in Ontario Canada (just south of the town of Gravenhurst). It is one of the main cottaging lakes in the region and is the fourth largest of these lakes by area. There are approximately 600 cottages on the lake. The lake is tea coloured containing a high level of dissolved organics.
 Snake Alley is a street located in Burlington Iowa once recognized by Ripley's Believe It or Not as the Crookedest Street in the World.
 Claude Augustus Swanson (March 31 1862 – July 7 1939) was an American lawyer and Democratic Party politician from Virginia.He served seven terms in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1893 until 1906 was the 45th Governor of Virginia from 1906 until 1910 and represented Virginia as a United States Senator from 1910 until 1933.
 The Newdigate-Reed House is a two-story log house built by the Newdigate family at the top of the hill near the Lexington-Maysville Turnpike. John Newdigate a farmer is listed as the landowner in 1854. Situated at the top of a steep hill leading out of Maysville the house served as a convenient rest stop for merchants and wagon masters hauling goods from the docks at Maysville to points south.Siding was applied to the log structure in the 1930s.
 Daybreak in Udi is a 1949 British documentary film directed by Terry Bishop about cultural changes in Udi Nigeria. It won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Tall Dark & Handcuffed is an album by Cex. It is his first album to move away from a straight ahead electronic music sounds and endulge in a more hip-hop based music complete with rapping by Cex.
 The Beverly Hilton is a hotel located on an 8.9-acre (3.6 ha) property at the intersection of Wilshire and Santa Monica boulevards in Beverly Hills California. The Beverly Hilton has hosted many awards shows charity benefits and entertainment and motion picture industry events and is perhaps best known as the home of the annual Golden Globe Awards.
 Stenoptilodes huanacoicus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from Peru.The wingspan is about 22 millimetres (0.87 in). Adults are on wing in February.
 Vampire Hunter D: Throng of Heretics is a Japanese novel by Hideyuki Kikuchi. It was first published in Japan in 2007.
 The Aldranser Bach is a small stream near Innsbruck Austria. It has its source near Aldrans amidst the forest and flows in northern direction to Castle Ambras. Above the castle were a swimming pool for the public which was formerly fed by the Aldranserbach. In the big garden of the Castle the brook supplies the Great Pond with fresh water and then flows further through the Forest Park to Ambras where it merges with the Lanser Bach and then further into the Inn River.
 Red of Tooth and Claw is the fourth full-length album release by American five-piece indie rock band Murder by Death and marks the first record the band has released on the Vagrant record label. The title comes from a reference in Lord Tennyson's poem In Memoriam A.H.H.
 Dayan Jayatilleka is a Sri Lankan Diplomat Political scientist and an author. He was Ex Minister of Planning & Youth Affairs in the North-East Provincial Council in 1988–89 and also served as the permanent mission of Sri Lanka to the United Nations at Geneva from 2007 to 2009. Thereafter was the Consul General of Sri Lanka in Switzerland. Dr. Jayatilleka was appointed Chairman of the Governing body of the International Labour Organization (ILO) in June 2007.
 The Daniel French School is a historic school building at 38–40 Common Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The wood frame structure was built in 1847 by Daniel French an educator whose students (while he was teaching in Boston) included Charles Francis Adams Jr. The building only served as a school until 1860 when it was converted into its present use as a residential duplex.
 Mr. Monk in Trouble is the ninth novel based on the television series Monk. It was written by Lee Goldberg and was published by Signet Books on December 1 2009. Like the other Monk novels the story is narrated by Natalie Teeger the assistant of the title character Adrian Monk.
 Oculus is a 2013 American supernatural drama horror film directed by Mike Flanagan. The movie had its world premiere on September 8 2013 at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival and received a wide theatrical release on April 11 2014. The film stars Karen Gillan as a young woman who is convinced that an antique mirror is responsible for the death and misfortune her family has suffered. The film is based upon an earlier short film by Flanagan Oculus: Chapter 3 - The Man with the Plan.
 Winston Bryant (born October 3 1938) is a former Democratic Secretary of State (1977–1978) the tenth Lieutenant Governor (1981–1991) and attorney general (1991–1999) of the U.S. state of Arkansas.He was born in Malvern the seat of Hot Spring County. He is married to the former Susan Hughes and has one son John Bryant.In 1960 Bryant graduated from Ouachita Baptist University in Arkadelphia. He graduated in 1963 from University of Arkansas School of Law in Fayetteville.
 Inside the Head of John Peel is a Man or Astro-man? double 7 EP released on Astro-Fonic Records in 1997. It was recorded during a Peel Session on March 19 1995 although the record states March 20 1995. This is a bootleg release but it is not a bootleg recording of Man or Astro-man?. It came with a jukebox label insert.
 Haratomeh (Persian: هراتمه‎ also Romanized as Harātomeh and Harātameh; also known as Hartuman) is a village in Garkan Rural District Garkan-e Jonubi District Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1335 in 360 families.
 Elizabeth Witmer (née Gosar; born October 16 1946) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. She was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 until April 2012 representing Waterloo North and later Kitchener—Waterloo as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.She currently heads Ontario's Workplace Safety & Insurance Board.
 Louttit Laundry (or What Cheer Steam Laundry) was a historic site at 93 Cranston Street in Providence Rhode Island. It was demolished in 2008.The site was built in 1925 in a Colonial Revival style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.In 2001 a fire destroyed most of the building leaving it open to the elements. In 2008 the city deemed the site unsafe and it was demolished by the J.R. Vinagro Corp. Today (2012) it is a vacant lot.
 Bactromantis is a genus of praying mantis in the family Thespidae.
 Dombach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Elachista deresyensis is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It was described by Traugott-Olsen in 1988. It is found in Turkey.
 Privilege is the fifth album by English punk new wave band Television Personalities.
 [Sawyer] would never submit to the slave States sending their emancipated blacks within her borders or colonies. He…said if the test must come the banks of the Ohio (a mile wide) would be lined with men with muskets on their shoulders to keep off the emancipated slaves which the slave States might attempt to throw in among them.William Sawyer (1803 – 1877) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio in 1845-1849.Sawyer was born in Montgomery County Ohio.
 Vestre Jakobselv Church (Norwegian: Vestre Jakobselv kirke) is a parish church in Vadsø Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Vestre Jakobselv. The church is part of the Vadsø parish in the Varanger deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1940 and it seats about 90 people.
 Mexico Unconquered: Chronicles of Power and Revolt is a book authored by John Gibler on national and regional politics in Mexico. The text discusses Mexico's historical continuity of conquest and the social movements that have formed as a result. Mexico Unconquered was published in 2009 by City Lights Books.
 Kornaciska [kɔrnaˈt͡ɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 William Allen Egan (October 8 1914 – May 6 1984) was an American Democratic politician. He served as the first Governor of the State of Alaska from January 3 1959 to 1966 and the fourth Governor from 1970 to 1974. Born in Valdez Alaska Egan is the only governor in the state's history to have been born in Alaska.
 The Coroneted Fruit Dove (Ptilinopus coronulatus) also known as the Lilac-capped Fruit Dove is a species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Buszyno [buˈʂɨnɔ] (formerly German Bussin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Polanów 35 km (22 mi) east of Koszalin and 165 km (103 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 130.
 The Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse in Dothan Alabama also known as U.S. Post Office and Court House is a Classical Revival building that was built in 1911 under the supervision of architect Oscar Wenderoth. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.It served historically as a courthouse and as a post office. It continues to serve as a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama.
 Pride of Baghdad is a graphic novel written by Brian K. Vaughan and illustrated by Niko Henrichon released by DC Comics' Vertigo imprint on September 13 2006. The story is a fictionalized account of the true story of four African lions that escaped from the Baghdad Zoo after an American bombing in 2003. The book won the IGN award for best original graphic novel in 2006.
 The Lawton Constitution is a daily newspaper published in Lawton Oklahoma. It began publishing in 1904. John Shepler bought the paper in 1910. It remained with successive generations of Shepler's family until his great-grandsons Don and Steve Bentley sold the paper on March 1 2012. The new owners are brothers Bill and Brad Burgess who are lawyers and businessmen in Lawton.
 James Harper (April 13 1795 – March 27 1869) was an American publisher and politician in the early-to-mid 19th century. James was the eldest of four sons born to Joseph Henry Harper (1750-1838) a farmer carpenter and storekeeper and Elizabeth Kolyer daughter of Jacobus Kolyer (1749-1819) and Jane Miller.
 Dulangan-e Olya (Persian: دولنگان عليا‎ also Romanized as Dūlangān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Dolangān-e Bālā Dolangān-e ‘Olyā and Dūlgān-e Bālā) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 322 in 74 families.
 Zoobotryon verticillatum commonly known as the spaghetti bryozoan is a species of colonial bryozoan with a bush-like structure. It is found in shallow temperate and warm waters in the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea and has spread worldwide as a fouling organism. It is regarded as an invasive species in some countries.
 The Hann River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. The traditional owners of the areas around the river are the Ola peoples.It was named after the first European to discover the river Frank Hann who had seen it during his expedition to the region in 1898 and named it the Phillips River.
 The Trial (original German title: Der Process later Der Prozess Der Proceß and Der Prozeß) is a novel written by Franz Kafka in 1914 and 1915 but not published until 1925. One of Kafka's best-known works it tells the story of a man arrested and prosecuted by a remote inaccessible authority with the nature of his crime revealed to neither him nor the reader.Like Kafka's other novels The Trial was never completed although it does include a chapter which brings the story to an end.
 Kahesh-e Bala (Persian: كاهش بالا‎ also Romanized as Kāhesh-e Bālā) is a village in Chashm Rural District Shahmirzad District Mehdishahr County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hohe Warte (Spessart) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Armando Walle is a representative in the Texas House of Representatives representing the 140th district in Houston Texas. Walle is the Deputy Floor Leader of the Texas House Democrats.
 Bach Vespers at Westminster was a two-year cycle of 34 evening worship services conducted in 2009-2011 at Westminster Presbyterian Church (Alexandria Virginia). In the course of the cycle the organist Paul Stetsenko performed the complete organ works of J. S. Bach.
 Meira Kumar (Hindi: मीरा कुमार) is an Indian politician and a five time Member of Parliament. She was elected unopposed as the first woman Speaker of Lok Sabha on 3 June 2009.She is a lawyer and a former diplomat. Prior to being a member of the 15th Lok Sabha she has been elected earlier to the 8th 11th 12th and 14th Lok Sabha. She served as a Cabinet Minister in the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment of Manmohan Singh's Congress led Government (2004–2009).
 Paratrogoderma mahense is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae the only species in the genus Paratrogoderma.
 Number 4 is the debut studio album of Ling Tosite Sigure.
 A Thousand Little Kisses (Hebrew: אלף נשיקות קטנות‎ translit. Elef Nishikot K'tanot) is a 1981 Israeli drama film written and directed by Mira Recanati. The film was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 54th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. It was also screened in the Un Certain Regard section of the 1981 Cannes Film Festival.
 Çardaklı is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Good Shepherd Church also known as Good Shepherd Mission is a historic Roman Catholic church at SR 61 SW of East Bank Coalburg Kanawha County West Virginia. It was built about 1880 and consists of a five bay one-story ell with a steeply pitched front gabled roof. It sits on a high raised limestone foundation.
 Boračko Lake (or Lake Borač) is a lake of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is partly located in the municipality of Konjic.
 Kayserili Hacı Salih Pasha (died 1801 or 1802 Trabzon) was an Ottoman statesman originally from the city of Kayseri in central Anatolia. He served as the Ottoman governor of Bosnia (1789–90 and 1791–92) Egypt (15 October 1794 – 7 June 1796) Diyarbekir (1796–99) and Trebizond (1799–1801 or 1802) dying in 1801 or 1802.
 The Black-winged Pratincole (Glareola nordmanni) is a wader in the pratincole bird family Glareolidae.Their most unusual feature of the pratincoles is that although classed as waders they typically hunt their insect prey on the wing like swallows although they can also feed on the ground.Black-winged Pratincole is a bird of open country and is often seen near water in the evening hawking for insects. This pratincole is found in warmer parts of south east Europe and south west Asia.
 Walker Payne is a 2006 film directed and co-written by Matt Williams. It features Jason Patric Drea de Matteo KaDee Strickland Sam Shepard and Bruce Dern. It was shown at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 27 2006.
 Sangar (Persian: سنگر‎) is a village in Tajan Rural District in the Central District of Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1750 in 397 families.
 The Geometrid is the second album from the Scottish group Looper. It was released on Jeepster Records in Europe and on Sub Pop in the US and Canada. Two tracks from the album (Mondo '77 and My Robot) appeared on the soundtrack for Cameron Crowe's Vanilla Sky.
 Muthirai (English: Stamp / Mark) is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language thriller film written by Aneez Tanveer Jeeva wife of late director Jeeva who also produces this film and directed by actor Srinathstarring Daniel Balaji Nithin Sathya Lakshmi Rai and newcomer Manjari Phadnis in the lead roles whilst Kishore of Polladhavan and Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu fame and Ponvannan play important supporting roles and Bollywood actress Rakhi Sawant makes a special appearance.
 Karstarma is a genus of karst-dwelling crabs formerly included in Sesarmoides.
 Betty Wright: The Movie is a musical album a collaboration by singer Betty Wright and The Roots. It was released November 15 2011.
 Battlefield Earth: A Saga of the Year 3000 is a 1982 science fiction novel written by the Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard. He also composed a soundtrack to the book called Space Jazz.The subsequent film adaptation released in 2000 was a commercial failure and was criticized as one of the worst films ever made.
 Cichobórz [t͡ɕiˈxɔbuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Prochowice 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Legnica and 47 kilometres (29 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 The Buhalnița River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. It flows into Lake Izvorul Muntelui in the proximity of Buhalniţa.
 The Cheltenham Masonic Hall is believed to be the second oldest purpose-built Masonic Lodge in England.[citation needed] Grand Lodge in London did not build a purpose built lodge room until 1877. It is one of the few Temples in the country which has continuously been used as a Lodge room for considerably over 100 years.It is also the oldest public building other than ecclesiastical in Cheltenham still used for the purpose for which it was designed.
 Pardaleodes tibullus the Large Pathfinder Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan Uganda and Kenya. The habitat consists of open areas in forests.Adults are attracted to flowers particularly those of the Acanthaceae and Lamiaceae species.The larvae feed on Pennisetum species.
 Jean Louis Joseph Lebeau (3 January 1794 - 19 March 1865) was a Belgian liberal politician and statesman the second Prime Minister.
 Yarınsız Adam is a Turkish political film by Remzi Aydın Jöntürk the first in his trilogy. It was succeeded by Satılmış Adam (Sold Man) and Yıkılmayan Adam (Indestructible Man) both filmed in 1977. The film is about the story of Murat portrayed by Cüneyt Arkın. Murat helps his friend Kemal when they are escaping from the police because they steal to survive. This help costs Murat badly and he is sent to prison.
 This film Singye Galeem produced by Wisdom Picture was approved on the 29th of December 2007 for public exhibition in Bhutan.
 2nd W is the second album by the Hello! Project duo W and the first to be recorded (except for one song) and released after its members Ai Kago and Nozomi Tsuji graduated from Morning Musume in August 2004.Unlike their first album Duo U&U which was all cover material 2nd W contains a mix of both originals (composed by mentor and Hello! Project founder Tsunku) and covers of classic Shōwa period female pop duo songs.
 Heidi (not to be confused with the animated film released in the same year) is a 2005 British family film directed by Paul Marcus. It is based on the iconic novel Heidi by Johanna Spyri and stars Irish child actress Emma Bolger in the title role alongside Max Von Sydow and Diana Rigg.
 Dr. Ian McKee is an English-born Scottish National Party politician who was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Lothians region from 2007 to 2011.He was elected during the 2007 election for the Lothians region.On 6 December 2007 he intervened in a debate in the Scottish Parliament to declare I am an Englishman.In 2010 at the age of 70 he announced that he would not be standing for re-election.
 Khatmabad (Persian: ختم اباد‎ also Romanized as Khatmābād) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 74 families.
 Deh-e Shayhak (Persian: ده شيهك‎; also known as Dehshahyak) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 12 families.
 Sporrongia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Arthur Gorrie Correctional Centre is a high security Remand Centre for males primarily accommodating individuals who a Judge or Magistrate has ordered must be held in custody as they await and during trial. The centre is located on the Ipswich Motorway at Wacol in the western suburbs of Brisbane Australia.
 Olivet Chapel since 1965 known as the A.U.M.P. affiliated St. John's African Union Methodist Protestant Church is a historic Presbyterian African American mission chapel located at Goshen in Orange County New York. It was built about 1910 and is a load-bearing masonry building with a bluestone foundation and topped by a high hipped roof.
 The Stourbridge Extension Canal was a short canal built to serve a number of mines in the Kingswinford area of Staffordshire in England. Although connected to the Stourbridge Canal it was independent from it. It opened in 1840 and was abandoned in 1935. A short section of it is still used as moorings for boats using the Stourbridge Canal.
 The Komediant is an Israeli documentary film of 2000 directed by Arnon Goldfinger which recalls the life and careers of the Burstein family of Yiddish theatre: Pesach Burstein his wife Lillian Lux his son Mike Burstyn and daughter Susan Burstein-Roth. It received the prestigious Israeli Academy's Best Documentary Award and chronicles one of the most visible families of the Yiddish theater in America. The film was made in honor of the 100th birth anniversary of Pesach Burstein in 1996.
 Jaanwar (English language: Animal) is a Bollywood gangster drama film directed by Suneel Darshan released on 24 December 1999. The film stars Akshay Kumar Karisma Kapoor and Shilpa Shetty in pivotal roles. The Films was a huge critically and commercially successful film of that year and it is known for reviving Akshay Kumar's career when he was going through a rough patch.
 St. Anne's Church Worksop is an Anglican parish church in the Church of England in Worksop. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The House at 59-63 Crystal Street in Southbridge Massachusetts is a well preserved multiunit residential structure built to provide worker housing for the American Optical Company around the turn of the 20th century. It is a 2.5 story wood frame house in a late Victorian style with both Italianate and Colonial Revival elements.
 Hot Vidéo is a French trade journal that covers the adult video industry. It was founded in June 1989 by Fabrice Castel and Eric Vincent and it is edited by VCV Communication. Its average circulation date to 2011 is about 50000 copies per month while in the 1990s it was about 100000 copies.
 The Canary Murder Case (1929) is a crime/mystery film made by Paramount Pictures directed by Malcolm St. Clair and Frank Tuttle. The screenplay was written by Willard Huntington Wright (as S.S. Van Dine) Albert S. Le Vino and Florence Ryerson based on novel The Canary Murder Case by S.S. Van Dine. It was the first film in the series of Philo Vance films adapted from the novels starring William Powell as Philo Vance Louise Brooks as the Canary and Jean Arthur as Alys LaFosse.
 The Meta River is a major left tributary of the Orinoco River in eastern Colombia and western Venezuela South America. It is formed in the Meta Department Colombia by the confluence of the Humea Guatiquía and Guayuriba rivers. It flows east-northeastward across the Llanos Orientales plains of Colombia through an ancient fault.
 Fancy Pants is a 1950 American comedy film directed by George Marshall starring Lucille Ball and Bob Hope.
 The Country and the City is a book of cultural analysis by Raymond Williams which was first published in 1973.
 Hits! – The Very Best of Erasure was the second greatest hits package released by the group. Capitalizing on a resurgence of Erasure music after their successful covers album Other People's Songs Mute Records released Hits! in 2003 to reintroduce people to Erasure's music and to give an update to their 1992 singles compilation Pop! - the First 20 Hits.
 Savad Jan (Persian: سوادجان‎ also Romanized as Savād Jān; also known as Savār Jān) is a village in Hureh Rural District Saman District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1389 in 370 families.
 Epikindyna Paihnidia (Dangerous games) is the debut album by popular Greek artist Elli Kokkinou. It was released in 1999 by Sony Music Greece. This album is currently out of print.
 The Montreal River is a river in Timiskaming District Ontario Canada. It travels 220 kilometres (137 mi) from its source at Smoothwater Lake to its mouth at Lake Timiskaming on the Ottawa River. The river is a significant source of hydroelectricity.
 Marvellous Melbourne: Queen City of the South is a 1910 documentary film about the city of Melbourne. It is the oldest surviving documentary about Melbourne.
 The Rivière Montrouis is a river of Haiti.
 De revolutionibus orbium coelestium (On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres) is the seminal work on the heliocentric theory of the Renaissance astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus (1473–1543). The book first printed in 1543 in Nuremberg Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation offered an alternative model of the universe to Ptolemy's geocentric system which had been widely accepted since ancient times.
 Daria is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1888 and contains the species D. coenosella. It is found in central Asia including Kazakhstan and Mongolia.
 Richard Baker (born 29 May 1974) is a Scottish Labour politician and member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for the North East Scotland region. He was first elected in the 2003 general election when he was the youngest sitting MSP. He is a former member of Labour's Shadow Cabinet in the Scottish Parliament having served as the Shadow Cabinet Secretary for Justice and Shadow Cabinet Secretary for Finance.
 The Nils Ahlstrom House is a nineteenth century vernacular house located in Ashland Oregon. Built by Nils Ahlstrom a railroad worker who had emigrated from Sweden the home is listed in the National Register of Historic Places as of 15 February 1980.
 Park Place is a 56-floor mixed-use tower on Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 234.1 m (768 ft) making it currently the 10th tallest building in Dubai. Construction of Park Place was completed in 2007.
 Against All Oddz is the first solo album by Grime artist Lethal Bizzle. It was released on 15 August 2005.
 Dacia Literară was the first Romanian literary and political journal.
 Asif Muhammad Khan is a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for the Okhla seat in New Delhi. He is aligned with the Congress Party. Khan won the Okhla seat (which includes the Batla House area) in 2009 bye election riding on the wave of the Batla House encounter.
 The Hajde da se volimo (English: Let's Fall in Love) film series is a Yugoslavian musical comedy film series consisting of three feature-length films released between 1987 and 1990.
 Time Machines Repaired While-U-Wait is a 2008 science fiction novel by Australian writer K. A. Bedford. It follows the story of Spider who repairs time machines for a living until he discovers a corpse inside one of the machines he is fixing - leading the Department of Time and Space to take over the situation.
 The Rugrats Movie is a series of films based on the popular Nickelodeon animated series Rugrats created by Arlene Klasky Gábor Csupó and Paul Germain.
 Top Ryde City is a shopping centre in Ryde New South Wales. The centre occupies a 3.5 hectare block bounded by Blaxland Road Devlin Street Pope Street and Tucker Street. The centre has retail space of 78125 square metres across 6 floors of commercial space.
 Pir Nazeer Ahmed (Urdu: پیر نظیر احمد) was the eldest son of Baba Ji Muhammad Qasim Sadiq who was the founder of Mohra Sharif and also successor of Baba Ji(appointed by Ghous-ul-Azam Sheikh Abdul Qadir Jilani(R.A)). Pir Nazeer Ahmed was born in 1880. His education started at an early age.
 Rose of Cimarron is a 1952 Cinecolor Western produced by Edward L. Alperson for 20th Century Fox. Despite the title it has nothing to do with Rose Dunn the actual Rose of Cimarron. The film is a revenge Western with a twist-the protagonist is a woman raised by the Cherokee avenging her parents who were murdered by whites.
 Songs in the Key of Rock is a studio album by former Deep Purple Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/ bassist Glenn Hughes. It was his ninth solo studio album and was released in 2003 on Frontier and Pony Canyon records.
 The southeastern shrew (Sorex longirostris) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in the southeastern United States.
 Where Once We Walked (full title: Where Once We Walked: A Guide to the Jewish Communities Destroyed in The Holocaust) compiled by noted genealogist Gary Mokotoff and Sallyann Amdur Sack is a gazetteer of 37000 town names in Central and Eastern Europe focusing on those with Jewish populations in the 19th and first half of the 20th centuries and most of whose Jewish communities were almost or completely destroyed during The Holocaust.The book includes a cross-referenced listing of some 23000 towns (plus alternate names) with the contemporary spelling being primary associated country (according to contemporary borders) orientation and distance in kilometers from the country's capital city and map coordinates. 
 The Nicaraguan pocket gopher (Orthogeomys matagalpae) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae. It is found in Honduras and Nicaragua.
 Brzezinka [bʐɛˈʑiŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrychów within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Andrychów 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Wadowice and 52 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 727.
 Blue Moods is 1955 album by Miles Davis. It brings Miles Davis together with Charles Mingus accompanied by Elvin Jones on drums. The arrangement of Alone Together was by Charles Mingus while the other tracks were arranged by Teddy Charles. It was released on Mingus's own Debut Records label.
 Lisa Mary Neville (born 27 May 1964) is an Australian politician currently serving as the member for Bellarine in the Victorian Legislative Assembly. She represents the Australian Labor Party.Neville first entered parliament at the 2002 election winning the marginal Liberal seat of Bellarine.
 </pre>Oxford Development Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed multidisciplinary academic journal aimed at the student research and policy-making community which provides a forum for rigorous and critical analysis of conventional theories and policy issues in all aspects of development and aims to contribute to new approaches.It covers a number of disciplines related to development including economics history politics anthropology and sociology and publishes quantitative papers as well as surveys of literature.The journal is edited at the Oxford Department of International Development (ODID) and published by Taylor & Francis.The current Managing Editor is Professor Frances Stewart Emeritus Professor of Development Economics at the University of Oxford.The Associate Editors are: Professor Douglas Gollin Dr Nandini Gooptu Dr Raufu Mustapha Dr Diego Sanchez-Ancochea and Dr Sorana Toma of the Oxford Department of International Development Dr Rochana Bajpai of the Department of Politics and International Studies SOAS University of London UK Dr Arnim Langer of the Centre for Research on Peace and Development (CRPD) Faculty of Social Sciences University of Leuven Belgium Dr Gaston Yalonetzky of Leeds University Business School UK.↑
 Gajisan is a mountain in South Korea. It sits on the boundary between the city of Ulsan the city of Miryang in the province of Gyeongsangnam-do and Cheongdo County in Gyeongsangbuk-do. Gajisan has an elevation of 1240 m (4068 ft).
 Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS) is a leading health sciences institute in Islamabad. It was established in 1985. Apart from general health facilitation the institute also imparts medical training to nurses and doctors.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Austrodrillia secunda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.It was within Turridae.
 John Brand Sr. House is a historic home located at Elmira in Chemung County New York. It was built about 1870 and is a large 2 1⁄2-story Italianate-style dwelling with a 2-story wing. Also on the property is a concrete fountain basin with a reproduction Victorian fountainhead.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Edward Bootle-Wilbraham 1st Earl of Lathom GCB PC (12 December 1837 – 19 November 1898) known as The Lord Skelmersdale between 1853 and 1880 was a British Conservative politician. He was a member of every Conservative administration between 1866 and 1898 and notably served three times as Lord Chamberlain of the Household under Lord Salisbury. Having succeeded his grandfather as Baron Skelmersdale in 1853 he was created Earl of Lathom in 1880.
 Chah-e Kichi Mianro (Persian: چاه حاجی کیچی میانرو ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 18 families.
 Kylie: The Videos is a VHS release by Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue. The music video collection was released in November 1988 in the United Kingdom Germany France and Japan.
 The Montfort Hospital is a francophone hospital in Ottawa Canada offering bilingual medical care to patients in the National Capital Region.The hospital was founded in 1953 by the Filles de la Sagesse Catholic order and is named after one of the order's founders Saint Louis-Marie Grignion de Montfort. It was secularized in 1970. In the late 1980s it was rebuilt with a large modern section added.
 Hagnaby Abbey was an abbey and former priory in Hagnaby Lincolnshire England. Originally founded as a house for Premonstratensian canons around 1175 by Agnes widow of Herbert de Orreby the priory was a dependency of Welbeck Abbey and named in honour of Saint Thomas the Martyr.It achieved its independence and abbey status in 1250 and appears from surviving records to have been well run. It was suppressed in 1536 its last abbot being Edmund Toft. It is an ancient scheduled monument.
 The Philippine Sailfin Lizard Crested Lizard Sail-fin Lizard Sailfin Water Lizard or Soa-soa Water Lizard (Hydrosaurus pustulatus) is an oviparous lizard living only in the Philippines.The Philippine sailfin Lizard is an excellent swimmer and has flattened toes that enable it to run across water. It is omnivorous feeding on fruit leaves flowers insects and small animals . It lives near rivers in the tropical forests of the Philippines.
 Kanino (Macedonian Cyrillic: Канино) is a village 9.64 kilometers away from Bitola which is the second largest city in Macedonia. According to the 2002 census total population is 111.
 McOndo is the 1996 literary anthology that spawned the McOndo movement.Around 1994 Chilean writer Alberto Fuguet participated in an International Writer's Workshop which took place at the University of Iowa. There Fuguet attempted to present a short-story to the Iowa Review for publication. As the works of Latino authors were very popular at the time Fuguet believed his chances of getting his works translated and published were quite high.
 Nelphe relegatum is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1911. It is found the southern United States Mexico Costa Rica Nicaragua Guatemala and Peru.
 Lake Nillahcootie is an artificial lake near Mansfield Victoria Australia. It is a popular water-skiing destination especially during the summer. The name is of Indian origin and is thought to mean Blue House.
 Stirling Lake is a small lake located about 1 km north of Stirling in Alberta Canada. The lake is known for its wide variety of bird species and is also referred to as the Michelsen Marsh.
 The Barsac Mission (French: L'Étonnante Aventure de la Mission Barsac) is a novel attributed to Jules Verne and written (with inspiration from two unfinished Verne manuscripts) by his son Michel Verne. First serialized in 1914 it was published in book form by Hachette in 1919. An English adaptation by I. O. Evans was published in 1960 in two volumes Into the Niger Bend and The City in the Sahara.It includes a hidden city called in English Blackland in the Sahara Desert.
 Gregory Michael Piper (born 31 August 1957 in Coffs Harbour New South Wales[citation needed]) an Australian politician is the independent member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Lake Macquarie since 2007. Piper also served as Mayor of City of Lake Macquarie between 2004 and 2012 prior to the enactment of the Local Government Amendment (Members of Parliament) Act 2012 (NSW) preventing dual membership of state parliament and local council.
 Marginella mauretanica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Blue Range (50°48′11″N 115°32′06″W) is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located on the Continental Divide in Banff National Park Canada. The range is named for the blue appearance of the range when seen from a distance.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:It also the name of a small range of mountains in Apache County Arizona
 2 Become 1 (Chinese: 天生一對 Literal Title: Perfect Match) is a 2006 Hong Kong romantic comedy-drama film directed by Law Wing-Cheong and produced by Johnnie To. The film stars Miriam Yeung as Bingo Leung a working-class woman who discovers she has breast cancer. The film is based on Xi Xi's published diary Mourning For Breasts (哀悼乳房) which chronicled her own experiences.
 Dan D. Hall (born April 16 1952) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota he represents District 56 which includes portions of the cities of Burnsville Savage and Lakeville in Dakota and Scott counties in the southern Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 Jack G. Hatch (born March 13 1950) is the Iowa State Senator from the 33rd District. A Democrat he has served in the Iowa Senate since 2003 and is currently an assistant majority leader. He received his B.S. and MPA from Drake University.Hatch currently serves on several committees in the Iowa Senate - the Appropriations committee; the Economic Growth committee; the Human Resources committee; the Labor and Business Relations committee; and the State Government committee.
 Yeah is an album by Swedish band The Wannadies released in 1999 in Scandinavia and spring 2000 in the UK.
 Doomsword is the self-titled debut album from the Italian metal band Doomsword released in 1999. A number of its tracks reference fantasy literature such as The Lord of the Rings and Michael Moorcock's Elric Saga. Nadsokor in particular is a reference to the latter. It is also a Cirith Ungol cover.
 Conus collisus common name the stigmatic cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Siphonalia pfefferi common name Pfeffer's Whelk is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Korkai is a small village in the Srivaikuntam taluk of Thoothukudi district in Tamil Nadu India. It was called Pandya-Kavada in the Ramayana and the Mahabharata and Kapatapuram in Kalithogai. It is situated about 3 km north of the Thamirabarani River and about 6 km from the shore of Bay of Bengal. Korkai was the capital principal center of trade and important port of the Early Pandyan Kingdom.
 Vicki Englund is a Democratic member of the Missouri House of Representatives serving since 2013. In 2013 Englund sponsored a bill that would help the Treasurer of Missouri return military medals to their original owners. The bill passed unanimously.
 The Songs of Bilitis (/bɪˈliːtɪs/; French: Les Chansons de Bilitis) is a collection of erotic poetry by Pierre Louÿs published in Paris in 1894 (see 1894 in poetry).The book's sensual poems are in the manner of Sappho; the introduction claims they were found on the walls of a tomb in Cyprus written by a woman of Ancient Greece called Bilitis a courtesan and contemporary of Sappho to whose 'life' Louÿs dedicated a small section of his book.
 Apollo (1879-1887) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He won 24 races in his career including the 1882 Kentucky Derby.As of 2011 Apollo is the only horse to win the Kentucky Derby without having raced as a 2-year-old.Apollo was injured as a five-year-old and was retired from racing. He was given to a friend of Morris' wife that lived in Charleston for use as a saddle horse.
 Ramphotyphlops similis is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
 High Point is a historic home located near Jenkinsville Fairfield County South Carolina. The original section was built about 1800 with later expansions and the house is a two-story five bay frame farmhouse with a gable roof. A two-story ell on the rear of the house is believed to have been constructed about 1870. A one story shed-roofed porch extends across the façade. The porch is supported by square posts connected by a plain balustrade.
 Detunized Gravity is the first album of De-Phazz which was released in 1997.
 Amber Skies is the debut album from the Wexford based Irish all-female rock band The Jades. It was released at a show in Crawdaddy on the 14 August 2009.
 Basketball Times is an American basketball magazine that has been in circulation since 1978 and is published by Akers Ink LLC. Basketball Times publishes monthly and mainly focuses on college basketball.
 Dąbki-Łętownica [ˈdɔmpki wɛntɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Love Is... is an album by J-pop singer Sachi Tainaka. It is her second studio album under the Sistus Records label. It was released on February 13 2008 with a regular (CD Only) edition and a limited (CD+DVD) edition that contains the music videos of her first 4 released singles.The catalog number for the regular edition is GNCX-1006 while the limited edition is GNCX-1005The album covers her three latest singles Itoshii Hito e Lipstick/Ichiban Boshi and Visit of love.
 Manga Life (まんがライフ Manga Raifu) is a manga magazine published monthly by Takeshobo in Japan since the November 1984 issue (published in October 1984). Its original title was Gag da (ギャグダ Gyagu da) and the change to Manga Life was made to better compete with Manga Time a rival magazine published by Houbunsha. Most of the series appearing in the magazine use the yonkoma format.
 Youngblood Hawke is a 1962 novel by American writer Herman Wouk about the rise and fall of a young writer. It is based on the life of Thomas Wolfe.
 The Sorcerer's Apprentice (1955) is a short film made by Michael Powell for Norddeutscher Rundfunk (NDR) West German television.It is the Goethe story made famous by Walt Disney's animated film Fantasia where Mickey Mouse runs amok as the Sorcerer's Apprentice. But here it is presented as a ballet performed by the Frankfurt Opera with Sonia Arova as the solo dancer. There are other character dancers appearing as various items and creatures and of course the Sorcerer himself.
 Opeatogenys is a genus of clingfishes.
 Clanis schwartzi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from central and southern China to northern Laos and northern Vietnam.
 Bachke Rehna Re Baba (Devnagari: बचके रहना रे बाबा in English:You have to watch out) is a 2005 Bollywood film directed by Govind Menon starring Rekha Paresh Rawal Mallika Sherawat and Satish Shah. The film's plot is inspired by the 2001 American film Heartbreakers.
 Kimsaqucha (Quechua kimsa three qucha lake three lakes hispanicized spellings Kinsa Qocha Quimsacocha) is a group of lakes in Peru located in the Cusco Region Calca Province Pisac District. The lakes lie in the north of the district northeast of Pisac in the community of Paru Paru.
 the Rebel Soul Sound System is the fourth full length album by Californian band The Dingees. The album was home recorded self produced & independently released free of charge on Jamendo. The album has been described as a refining of the bands aesthetic while remaining true to their roots.
 Cerodrillia simpsoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Potts River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally south from the southern end of the Arrowsmith Range through a steep-sided valley between the Potts Range to the west and the Big Hill Range to the east. At the end of these ranges the river veers southwest meeting the upper reaches of the Rangitata River five kilometres north of Mesopotamia Station.
 Martin is a 1978 American horror film written and directed by George A. Romero.Romero claims that Martin is the favorite of all his films. The film is also notable as the first collaboration between George Romero and special effects artist Tom Savini.
 Hold Your Man is a 1933 American romantic drama film directed by an uncredited Sam Wood and starring Jean Harlow and Clark Gable the third of their six films together. The screenplay by Anita Loos and Howard Emmett Rogers was based on a story by Loos.
 Blue Selection is the studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue released shortly after its predecessor Cassis.Like The Night Without a Guide album came out in 1992 it includes renewed renditions of his previous released songs. Those interpretations features the jazz-influence arrangements and they were recorded by his then-touring band.The lead-off track Kazari ja Nai no yo Namida wa was released as a single prior to the album but it was almost disregarded.
 Rumors is the third album by the North Carolina band Arrogance released in 1976. It was their first album on a major label Vanguard Records. In 2000 Don Dixon re-released all of Arrogance's albums on his own label Dixon Archival Records. The version of Rumors contained two bonus tracks demos of Open Window and Final Nickel recorded at Charlotte's Reflection Sound Studios in 1975.
 Salient is the weekly students' magazine of the Victoria University of Wellington Students' Association (VUWSA) at Victoria University of Wellington New Zealand. Salient was established in 1938 and originally published in newspaper format but is now published as a magazine. Salient's style and editorial position can change from year to year due to changes in editors. However the magazine has generally taken a left-wing stance.
 Zoop in India is a 2006 Dutch family film. It is a sequel to Zoop in Africa (2005) and is followed by Zoop in South America (2007).The film received a Golden Film award in 2006 for selling 100000 cinema tickets in the Netherlands.
 Bos (Nahe) is a river of Saarland Germany.
 Lincoln Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Lincoln Lake is .25 miles (0.40 km) downstream from Lake Ellen Wilson but sits more than 1300 feet (400 m) lower in elevation. A series of cascades including Beaver Chief Falls can be found between the two lakes.
 Trithemis hartwigi is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Bellova Ves (Hungarian: Vittény Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈviteːɲ]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.Census 2011: 229 inhabitants122 slovaks 56 Hungarians and 51 others nationality
 Jagat Mohini is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 James Donald Cameron (May 14 1833 – August 30 1918) was an American politician from Pennsylvania who served as Secretary of War under President Ulysses S. Grant and in the United States Senate for nearly twenty years. In May 1876 Cameron was part of a Cabinet realignment by President Grant having been appointed after a brief tenure by Secretary Alphonso Taft whom Grant appointed U.S. Attorney General. Former Secretary William W.
 Sarojini Jugnauth (née Ballah) is a former teacher and the wife of the 3rd President of Mauritius Sir Anerood Jugnauth. She was also the Spouse of the Prime Minister of Mauritius while her husband was in office of Prime Minister twice once from 1982 to 1995 and secondly from 2000 to 2003.
 The Vintage Virgin is the second studio album from Swedish pop/rock and alternative rock singer Sebastian Karlsson led by the singles Words and Violence (#3) and the Melodifestivalen 2007 entry When the Night Comes Falling (#2) the album was released on March 7 2007 one year and one week after his previous and first album Sebastian and this time it debuted at number 2.
 Columbarium altocanalis is a pagoda shell a deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turbinellidae.
 Michel Audet (born November 12 1940) is an economist and a politician in Quebec Canada. He was the Finance Minister of Quebec in the first Charest government. Audet was first elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2003 Quebec general election. A member of the Quebec Liberal Party he was elected in the riding of Laporte. He has a Master's Degree of Economics from Université Laval and is also a graduate of the École nationale d'administration in Paris.
 Houses At 16-22 East Lee Street is a block of historic homes located at Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. They area group of five 2 1⁄2-story frame rowhouses. The buildings rest on brick and stone foundations and have two inner open passageways leading from the street to the rear elevations.
 The Third Wave film was shot in Sri Lanka following the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. It was directed by Australian film maker Alison Thompson and Italian producer Oscar Gubernati.
 Guzowatka [ɡuzɔˈvatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Baranowo 30 km (19 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 116 km (72 mi) north of Warsaw.
 The Andean Goose (Chloephaga melanoptera) is a member of the duck goose and swan family Anatidae. It is in the shelduck subfamily Tadorninae.It is resident around lakes and marshes in the high Andes usually well above 3000 m. It is largely terrestrial and avoids swimming except in emergencies.This heavily built bird has a tiny pink bill and white plumage except for black in the wings and tail.
 The Fatra-Tatra Area (in geomorphology) or the Tatra-Fatra Belt of core mountains (in the geology) is a part of the Inner Western Carpathians a subprovince of the Western Carpathians. Most of the area lies in Slovakia with small parts reaching into Austria and Poland. The highest summit of the whole Carpathians the Gerlachovský štít at 2655 m (8711 ft) lies in the High Tatras range which belongs to this area.The Fatra-Tatra Area is from the northern side bounded by Pieniny Klippen Belt.
 Sar Rig (Persian: سرريگ‎ also Romanized as Sar Rīg) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 787 in 172 families.
 Anstenoptilia hugoiella is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Brazil Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.The wingspan is 18-20 mm. Adults are on wing in February March and August.
 Sielec [ˈɕɛlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wiślica 12 km (7 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Hero Worship was Hal Crook's fifth album as a leader and the second album he released for RAM Records.This album was Crook's first recording using the 5-voice digital harmonizer which connected to a microphone attached to his trombone's bell. The harmonizer generate up to 5 additional voices at preset intervals which allowed Crook to play chordal lines using an otherwise multiphonic instrument.
 The Hyde Park Art Center (HPAC) is a visual arts organization and the oldest alternative exhibition space in the city of Chicago. Since 2006 HPAC has been located just north of Hyde Park Boulevard at 5020 S.Cornell Avenue in the Kenwood neighborhood of Chicago Illinois.
 The Strider Farm was intimately involved in events concerning the American Civil War near Harpers Ferry West Virginia. Located on a small hill just south of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad line from Baltimore and Washington D.C. to Martinsburg West Virginia the Strider farm was a strategic location for the control of this vital link.The main house built circa 1790 is a 2 1⁄2-story Federal style in stone masonry. It was enlarged in 1880 with a shallow addition also in stone.
 Mirabad (Persian: ميراباد‎ also Romanized as Mīrābād) is a village in Moshkabad Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 8 families.
 The House is a weekly British political magazine relating to the British House of Commons. It is managed by a cross-party editorial team of MPs and overseen by a panel of senior parliamentarians.The House was relaunched in May 2010 to coincide with the General Election. After consultation with a number of MPs and Peers The House added a number of features and regular columns in a bid to attract the attention and support of new MPs.
 Kenderdine Mill Complex is a historic grist mill complex located at Horsham Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The complex includes four contributing buildings and one contributing structure. They are the original fieldstone mill (1734-1735) mill race early 19th century fieldstone mill owner's house stable and carriage house (1858) and an early fieldstone house. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Endographis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Eleutherodactylus thymalopsoides is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mount Church at 12200 feet (3700 m) above sea level is the third highest peak in Idaho and the Lost River Range. The peak is located in Salmon-Challis National Forest in Custer County. It is 1.45 mi (2.33 km) southeast of Leatherman Peak its line parent and 0.65 mi (1.05 km) northwest of Donaldson Peak. The peak has not been officially named or measured but it has been unofficially named after Frank Church a former Senator from Idaho.
 Tranopelta is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 João Voz e Violão (Portuguese for João: voice and acoustic guitar) is a bossa nova album by João Gilberto released in 2000 winner 2001 Grammy Award for Best World Music Album. Recording very little in the 1990s this album is João Gilberto's first studio album since 1991's João.
 Stare Brzozowo [ˈstarɛ bʐɔˈzɔvɔ] is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Darvishabad (Persian: درويش اباد‎ also Romanized as Darvīshābād) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 17 families.
 Te Quiero (English: I love you) is a Mexican motion picture categorized as drama and romance. It was filmed in 1978 and released in 1979.
 Miles Davis Volume 1 is a compilation album with recordings by Miles Davis of 1952–1954 for the Blue Note Record label that were previously issued as singles and 10 inch LPs. Originally released in 1956 (followed by Volume 2) after Davis won the Down Beat readers poll as best trumpeter. It contained takes of the 1952 (May 9) and 1953 (April 20) sessions for the lable.
 Das Minas River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 William and Victoria Pulver House is a historic home located at Snyderville in Columbia County New York. It was built about 1875 and is a two story square plan wood frame building with a hipped roof. It has two one story hipped roof wings. Also on the property is a shed and garage.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 After Earth is a 2013 American science fiction action adventure film directed by M. Night Shyamalan which he co-wrote with Gary Whitta based on an original story idea by Will Smith.It is the second film (the first being The Pursuit of Happyness) that stars real-life father and son Will and Jaden Smith; with Will Smith also producing via his company Overbrook Entertainment and the distribution by Columbia Pictures.The film was released in IMAX on May 31 2013.
 Greatest Hits (& Some That Will Be) is a compilation album by country artist Willie Nelson. It was released in 1981 as a double-LP. It has sold 6 million copies world-wide.
 Zemra Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Zemrës) is a mountain lake in Kosovo located 400 m (1312 ft) from the Albanian border. The lake is found in the Prokletije near the 2539 m (8330 ft) high peak of Gusan. Zemra Lake resembles Đeravica Lake in shape. It has a maximum length of 150 m (492 ft) and a maximum width of 120 m (394 ft). Many smaller lakes are found around this lake.
 Baba Ali (Persian: باباعلي‎ also Romanized as Bābā ‘Alī) is a village in Chelevand Rural District Lavandevil District Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mole River a watercourse of the Dumaresq-Macintyre catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 The Bayou Gulch is one of the tributaries of the Cherry Creek and is located in the U.S. states of Colorado. It is part of the Colorado Eastern Plains.
 The Wetumpka State Penitentiary (WSP) originally known as the Alabama State Penitentiary was the first state prison established in Alabama. Built on the east bank of the Coosa River in Wetumpka Alabama it was nicknamed the Walls of Alabama or Walls. For much of its existence the prison housed both men and women in separate quarters. The historic site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 8 1973.
 Rafael Victor Zenón Uribe Uribe (born April 12 1859 – died October 15 1914 in Bogotá) was a Colombian lawyer journalist and general in the liberal party rebel army.Uribe Uribe is best known for his political ideas in favor of the establishment of Guild socialism and trade unions in Colombia his diplomatic work and his support of Colombian coffee growers in fighting diseases such as rust.
 Vi burde ses noget mere is the debut album of the Danish europop duo Hej Matematik.The album was released on February 4 2008 with eleven songs. Later on it was re-released adding the successful single Walkmand.
 Nine Mile Run known as Ninemile Run according to the USGS GNIS is a moderately large tributary of the Six Mile Run one of the branches of the Millstone River in central New Jersey in the United States.
 The Old Hall Hotel Sandbach is in the High Street in the centre of Sandbach Cheshire England (grid reference SJ759607). It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Abdessadek Rabiaa or Rabii (Arabic: عبد الصادق ربيع‎ – born 5 February 1945 Marrakech) was a Moroccan politician and civil servant. Since 1993 he has been Secretary General of the Government a position he held until his death in 12 August 2008. He held a degree in law from the Université de Bordeaux and practiced as a lawyer for some time in the 1970s.
 Vesela is a village in the municipality of Bugojno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Simeon Davison Fess (December 11 1861 – December 23 1936) was a Republican politician and educator from Ohio. He served in the United States House of Representatives and U.S. Senate.
 Ace in the Hole is a 1951 American film noir starring Kirk Douglas as a cynical disgraced reporter who stops at nothing to try to regain a job on a major newspaper.It marked a series of firsts for auteur Billy Wilder: it was the first time he was involved in a project as a writer producer and director; his first film following his breakup with long-time writing partner Charles Brackett with whom he had collaborated on The Lost Weekend and Sunset Boulevard among others; and his first film to be a critical and commercial failure.The story is a biting examination of the seedy relationship between the press the news it reports and the manner in which it reports it. 
 Kinoautomat (1967) was the world's first interactive movie conceived by Radúz Činčera for the Czechoslovak Pavilion at Expo '67 in Montreal. At nine points during the film the action stops and a moderator appears on stage to ask the audience to choose between two scenes; following an audience vote the chosen scene is played.The film is a black comedy opening with a flash-forward to a scene in which Petr Novák (Miroslav Horníček)'s apartment is in flames.
 Tang King Shing PMSM PDSM (traditional Chinese: 鄧竟成; simplified Chinese: 邓竟成; pinyin: Dèng Jìngchéng born 1954) was the Commissioner of the Hong Kong Police force until 11 January 2011.
 Bhoomi Thayiya Chochchala Maga (Kannada: ಭೂಮಿತಾಯಿಯ ಚೊಚ್ಚಲಮಗ) is a 1998 Kannada action- drama film directed and written by Rajendra Singh Babu. The film features Shivarajkumar and Ramesh Aravind in the lead roles along with Vijayalakshmi and Shilpa in other pivotal roles. The film won several laurels and awards upon release including the Karnataka State awards.The film featured original score and soundtrack composed and written by V. Manohar.
 Nystia is an extinct genus of fossil freshwater snails aquatic gastropod molluscs in the family Truncatellidae.The genus Nystia was previously classified within the Stenothyridae or the Micromelaniidae. It is currently classified within the Truncatellidae according to Kadolsky (1988).
 The Varied Coronet (Hadena compta) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe Morocco Algeria Turkey Israel Lebanon Iraq Iran central Asia southern Russia China and Japan.The wingspan is 25–30 mm. The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.[citation needed]The larvae feed on Dianthus barbatus and Silene vulgaris.
 Edgelaw Reservoir is an artificial reservoir in Midlothian Scotland UK four miles west of Temple.
 Trinity College Bristol is an evangelical Anglican theological college located in Stoke Bishop Bristol England. It offers a range of full-time and part-time undergraduate and postgraduate courses which are validated by the University of Bristol though the college sets its own curriculum. Many of its students are training for ordination in the Church of England; and hence there is a strong vocational aspect to the courses it provides.
 Wiebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Best of Pantera: Far Beyond the Great Southern Cowboys' Vulgar Hits! is a compilation album by the heavy metal band Pantera released on September 23 2003 two months before their breakup. The title of the compilation is a combination of the titles of their first four major label albums (Far Beyond Driven The Great Southern Trendkill Cowboys from Hell Vulgar Display of Power).
 Koisuru Onnatachi (恋する女たち) is a 1986 Japanese film directed by Kazuki Ōmori.
 Falmouth Beach Hotel is a hotel on the seafront of Gyllyngvase beach in Falmouth Cornwall. The four storey 120 room hotel was operated by Best Western.On 30 April 2012 the hotel was devastated by a fire which broke out on the third floor at roughly 12 noon which caused the roof to collapse and significant damage to the building. The blaze was tackled by some 100 fire fighters.
 Dysschema lycaste is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico Guatemala Honduras and Costa Rica.
 The Langkofel (Ladin: Saslonch; Italian: Sassolungo; German: Langkofel) is largest and highest peak of the Langkofel Group in the Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Galaure (French: la Galaure) is a 56.2 km (34.9 mi) long river in the Isère and Drôme départements southeastern France. Its source is in Roybon. It flows generally west-southwest. It is a left tributary of the Rhone into which it flows at Saint-Vallier.
 Get Away Clean is the debut album by Master P released on February 11 1991 through No Limit Records. Master P sold this album from the trunk of his car around Richmond California.
 Murtaza Javed Abbasi (Urdu: مرتضٰی جاوید عباسی‎; born 15 March 1970) is the current and 18th Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly a lower house of Parliament of State of Pakistan. He was elected member of National Assembly (MNA) from NA-18 Abbottabad-II for two consecutive terms 2008–13 and 2013–18. Abbasi succeeds Faisal Karim Kundi.
 The Bonelli River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Aznab-e Sofla (Persian: ازناب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Aznāb-e Soflā) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Hurand District Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population count was 395 persons in 85 families.
 Max and His Mother-in-Law (French: Max et sa belle-mère) is a 1911 French film directed by Max Linder Lucien Nonguet.The film is also known as Max and His Ma-in-Law (in the United Kingdom).
 Cochranella duidaeana is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family. Its local name is ranita de cristal del Duida (Duida glass-frog).It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. Its conservation status is unknown.
 Love and Bruises is a 2011 French/Chinese drama film directed by Lou Ye. The film premiered at the 68th Venice International Film Festival.
 Mont Joigny (1558 m) is a mountain in the Chartreuse Mountains in Savoie France.
 Kachehari is a Punjabi movie starring Rama Vij Gurdas Mann Yograj Singh and Vijay Tandon released in 1994. The movie was about a woman's tryst with the Indian judicial system.Kachehari was the costliest movie production it the time with production costs of a whopping 3.5 million rupees. Vijay Tandon the producer was adamant about what he had envisioned and cut no corners in financing his project.
 Dunster Castle is a former motte and bailey castle now a country house in the village of Dunster Somerset England. The castle lies on the top of a steep hill called the Tor and has been fortified since the late Anglo-Saxon period. After the Norman conquest of England in the 11th century William de Mohun constructed a timber castle on the site as part of the pacification of Somerset.
 Atlantic Center for the Arts (ACA) is a nonprofit interdisciplinary artists’ community and arts education facility providing artists an opportunity to work and collaborate with contemporary artists in the fields of composing visual literary and performing arts. Community interaction is coordinated through on-site and outreach presentations workshops and exhibitions. The ACA is located in New Smyrna Beach Florida.
 Hrant Bagratyan (Armenian: Հրանտ Բագրատյան) was born on October 18 1958 in Yerevan Armenia. He was the Prime Minister of Armenia from February 2 1993 until November 4 1996. He was a member of the Pan-Armenian National Movement party. He has PhD in Economics author of more than 52 scientific articles and 7 books. In The Society and the State (Moscow Izograph 2000) he developed the theory of scientific technical cycles.
 South Lake (Chinese: 南湖; pinyin: Nán Hú) is a scenic lake located in the South of Jiaxing City China and covers an area of 0.54 km². It is also known as Mandarin Duck Lake due to the lake's shape and is a frequent destination of tourists and sightseers. Alongside the lake are the ruins of the Misty Rain Tower which was built in the 10th century.
 Ralph Everard Gonsalves or Uncle Ralph (born 8 August 1946) also known as Comrade Ralph is the Prime Minister of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and leader of the Unity Labour Party (ULP). Gonsalves became Prime Minister after his party won a majority government in the 2001 general election.
 The Original Singles: 1965-1967 Volume 2 is a compilation album by American rock 'n' roll band The Byrds. Originally released in 1982 it offered for the first time all of the mono single versions of the Byrds' singles released between 1967 and early 1969. The tracks on the album are laid out chronologically by release date of the single and features the A-side first then the B-side.
 Olszówka [ɔlˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Morzeszczyn 32 km (20 mi) south of Tczew and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Bogata River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 To Prevent The Earth From Moving With You is the second album by Disagree. It was released on June 30 2009. It is a follow-up to their first effort At the End of the Day.
 Dalian Futures Square 1 (simplified Chinese: 大连期货广场 1; traditional Chinese: 大連期貨廣場 1; pinyin: Dàlián Qīhuò Guǎngchǎng Yī) is a 53-floor 243 meter (797 foot) tall skyscraper currently under construction in Dalian China.
 Jerky Boys 2 is the second comedy album released by prank call artists the Jerky Boys. The album was released in 1994 and was the final Jerky Boys album released on the Select Records label distributed by Atlantic Records. It went Platinum as well as the first album. This album was also nominated for a Grammy Award at the 1995's Grammy's for Best Comedy Album but lost to Sam Kinison's Live From Hell.
 Sar Giz (Persian: سرگيز‎ also Romanized as Sar Gīz; also known as Sar Gīs Sarkīs and Sarkīz) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Jonubi Rural District Nalus District Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 448 in 75 families.
 Charles-François Roy (September 14 1835 – April 13 1882) was a civil engineer land surveyor and political figure in Quebec. He represented Kamouraska in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1869 to 1877 and Kamouraska in the Canadian House of Commons from 1877 to 1878 as a Conservative member.He was born in Sainte-Anne-de-la-Pocatière Quebec the son of François Roy and Angèle Sasseville and was educated at the college there. In 1860 he married Charlotte Sasseville.
 Godspeed Into The Mainstream is the first studio album by Danish synthrock band Spleen United.
 The Maze River (馬瀬川 Maze-gawa) is a river in Japan which originates in Takayama Gifu. It flows through Gero before emptying into the Hida River. Due to its clear waters it is home to the Japanese giant salamander.
 Paduvere is a village in Jõgeva Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Yoncalı is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 323 people.
 Winchester Town Hall is a historic town hall at 71 Mount Vernon Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story brick building was built in 1887 to a design by Rand and Taylor. It was funded in part by a bequest from William Parsons Winchester for whom the town is named. Stylistically the building has Queen Anne and Romanesque Revival styling.
 Cameraria eppelsheimii is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Texas).The larvae feed on Carya species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf.
 Disney Princess Enchanted Tales: Follow Your Dreams is a 2007 direct-to-video animated feature produced by DisneyToon Studios. It is the first film in a planned new Disney Princess Enchanted Tales series of direct-to-video films each featuring new stories about the Disney Princesses. It was released on September 4 2007 by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment.This DVD features new stories about Princess Aurora from 1959's Sleeping Beauty and Princess Jasmine from 1992's Aladdin.
 The Five Thousand Year Leap: Twenty-Eight Great Ideas That Are Changing the World is a book that was published in 1981 by an ex FBI agent and anti-communist as well as conservative Mormon author Cleon Skousen. The book asserts that the United States prospered because it was established upon universal natural law principles passed down from Common Law and traditional Judeo-Christian morality as many of the Founding Fathers were guided by the Bible among others and consequently that the U.S.
 Chang Jin-fu (Chinese: 張進福; pinyin: Zhāng Jìnfú) is a politician in the Republic of China. He was the Governor of Taiwan Province in 2009-2010.
 Charles Henry Dietrich (November 26 1853 – April 10 1924) was the 11th Governor of Nebraska.He was born in Aurora Illinois and was of German ancestry. His education was attained in the public schools of his native state and he quit at the age of twelve.Dietrich was married twice. His first wife Elizabeth Slaker died in 1887. After Elizabeth's death he married Margretta Stewart Shaw in 1909.
 51 Degrees is a 2014 thriller science fiction film written and directed by Grigorij Richters and starring Moritz von Zeddelmann Steve Nallon Jamie Doyle Dolly-Ann Osterloh and Steven Cree. The film is visually presented as found footage shot from the perspective of various video recording devices primarily from a hand-held camcorder operated by the main characters and from CCTV cameras and Social Media.
 Doluca is a village in the District of Kahta Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Easy Living is a 1949 American drama film directed by Jacques Tourneur starring Victor Mature Lizabeth Scott and Lucille Ball. The film features the real-life Los Angeles Rams football team.
 Muru is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2890 people living in 505 individual households.
 Santa Rosa de Conlara is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Police Academy 6: City Under Siege is a 1989 comedy crime film starring Bubba Smith David Graf and Michael Winslow. It was directed by Peter Bonerz and written by Neal Israel Pat Proft and Stephen Curwick. The film was given a PG rating for violence and language. This was the last film in the franchise to feature Bubba Smith Marion Ramsey Bruce Mahler Lance Kinsey and George R. Robertson as Hightower Hooks Fackler Proctor and Chief Hurst respectively.
 Ricky James Templet (born February 4 1963) is a businessman in Gretna Louisiana and Republican former member of the Louisiana House of Representatives.He did not seek a second term in the legislature. Instead he was elected to the Jefferson Parish Council in the nonpartisan blanket primary held on October 22 2011.
 The Devil's Canyon is a 1953 Western film.
 Alaminata is a village in the Nzérékoré Prefecture in the Nzérékoré Region of south-eastern Guinea.
 Poltergeist III is a 1988 American horror film. It is the third and final entry in the Poltergeist film series. Writers Michael Grais and Mark Victor who wrote the screenplay for the first two films did not return for this second sequel; it was co-written executive produced and directed by Gary Sherman and was released on June 10 1988 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures.
 Call Me Joe is a science fiction novelette written by Poul Anderson and published in 1957. The plot involves an attempt to explore the surface of the planet Jupiter using remote-controlled artificial life-forms. It focuses on the feelings of a disabled man who operates an artificial body. The story was published in Astounding Science Fiction magazine by its editor John W. Campbell.The Science Fiction Writers of America selected Call Me Joe for The Science Fiction Hall of Fame Volume Two.
 Durbeen (Bengali: দূরবীন) (The Prevision) is a 2009 Bangladeshi film directed by Zafor Firoze. It is the first digital children film released in Bangladesh.
 Larry Hosch (born October 16 1977) is Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented District 14B which includes portions of Stearns County in the central part of the state. A Democrat he was first elected in 2004 and was re-elected in 2006 2008 and 2010. He previously served as the mayor of Saint Joseph from 2001-2005.
 Postcards from the Edge is a 1990 American comedy-drama film directed by Mike Nichols. The screenplay by Carrie Fisher is based on her 1987 semi-autobiographical novel of the same title. The film starred Meryl Streep Shirley MacLaine and Dennis Quaid.
 For the fictional character in Stargate Universe see Dale Volker (Stargate)Dale Volker (born August 2 1940) was a New York State Senator representing the 59th Senate District which comprises Wyoming County as well as portions of Erie Livingston and Ontario Counties. Volker is a Republican. Senator Volker was first elected in a special election held in 1975 to fill a vacancy created by State Supreme Court Justice Thomas McGowan.
 Cover Yourself is Blues Traveler's ninth album. It contains previously released songs reworked with acoustic instrumentation and for some songs different arrangements from the originals.
 Jolie L. Justus (born February 24 1971 in Kansas City Missouri) is an American lawyer and politician from Missouri. A Democrat she is a member of the Missouri State Senate representing the 10th Senatorial District in Kansas City and currently serves as the Missouri Senate Minority Leader.
 Phibalpteryx is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae.
 Gauff-Roth House is a historic home located at 427--443 Auburn St Allentown Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It features a wraparound porch third floor balcony a polygonal turret and a hipped roof with multiple gables and dormers.
 Sudhinam is a 1994 Malayalam film written by Babu Janardhanan and directed by Nizar.
 Suzandeh (Persian: سوزنده‎ also Romanized as Sūzandeh) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 602 in 114 families.
 Het Woeden der Gehele Wereld is a 2006 Dutch film based on the novel of the same name by Maarten 't Hart. It was directed by Guido Pieters and produced by Rob Houwer. The title translates as The fury/rage/raging of the whole world and is derived from a song with lyrics by René-François Sully-Prudhomme set to music by Gabriel Fauré.
 Luke Laughs Last is a 1916 American short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Sing the Night Away is a 5 track EP (plus the Bonus Track) by the New Zealand band Steriogram. It was released at concerts during the 2002 NZ Schools Tour. A music video was made for the song Sing The Night Away although none of these tracks made their debut album Schmack!. Sing the Night Away Free and Big Lady Loving featured on singles from the album Schmack! and White Trash (DLT remix) features on the Schmack! 2005 Special Tour Edition.
 Caloptilia loxocentra is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales.
 The Lake Shore House in Glenbrook Nevada is a historic hotel by Lake Tahoe that was built in 1863 and moved in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Sir James Milne Wilson KCMG (29 February 1812 – 29 February 1880) served as Premier of Tasmania from 1869 to 1872.Wilson was born in 1812 in Banff Scotland; the third son of John Wilson a shipowner and his wife Barbara Gray; maternal grandson of Alexander Gray and wife Jean Bean (See Pedigree of Bean of Portsoy). Educated at Banff and Edinburgh he emigrated to Tasmania in 1829 studied practical engineering and afterwards became a ship's officer.
 Beach Boys' Party! is an album of mostly cover songs featuring acoustic instruments by American rock band the Beach Boys that was recorded for and marketed during the lucrative Christmas season. The original album release included a sheet of photographs of the band 'appearing' to be at the party at hand. It was the Beach Boys' tenth album release and their third in 1965. Although it was recorded in a music studio it is presented as an impromptu live recording of a party.
 Periya Nagapoondi is a panchayat village located in Tiruvallur district of Tamil Nadu India. Per 2001 census the population of the village was 1571.
 Penny Severns was a member of the Illinois Senate who represented the 51st Senate District from 1987 until her death in March 1998.
 Dark Mirror is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel. Tagline: What is the true reflection of a champion? (The promotional image of the 'Book cover' above has the wrong tagline).
 Tippin' Point is an extended play by Canadian rock and country artist Dallas Smith. It was released in the United States on March 4 2014 via Big Loud Mountain Records/Republic Nashville under the production of Joey Moi.Tippin' Point was also released in Canada via 604 Records/Universal Music Canada. The Canadian version features a live acoustic version of Jumped Right In in place of Nothing but Summer.
 The Baxter Bulletin is the daily newspaper serving Mountain Home Arkansas and Baxter County Arkansas and surrounding areas. In 1976 the paper was acquired by Multimedia; Gannett acquired Multimedia in 1995. It is the sole newspaper in Arkansas owned by Gannett following a late 1991 sale by the company of the Little Rock-based Arkansas Gazette.
 The Alunul River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
 The Northern Reaches is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game. This book describes the land known as the Northern Reaches which lie on the eastern seaboard of the D&D game's Known World also known as Mystara.
 Baruq (Persian: باروق‎ also Romanized as Bārūq) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1065 in 272 families.
 Glabrennea is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.
 Al Ittihad Al Ichtiraki (Arabic: الإتحاد الإشتراكي‎ meaning The Socialist Union) is a daily Moroccan Arabic-language newspaper.
 First Person Plural: My Life As A Multiple is a psychology-related autobiography written by Dr. Cameron West who developed dissociative identity disorder (DID) as a result of childhood sexual abuse. In it Dr. West describes his diagnosis treatment and personal experiences.
 The Chalvagne is a mountain river that flows through the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department of southeastern France. Its source is in Val-de-Chalvagne and it flows into the Var in Entrevaux.
 Gia sena kai gia mena (For you and for me) is a compilation album of songs written by Phoebus (music & lyrics) and Eleni Giannatsoulia (some lyrics) was released by Sony Music. It featured songs numerous Greek singers such as Sofia Arvaniti Katy Garbi Thanos Kalliris Dionysis Schinas Pashalis Terzis Polina Natassa Pantelidi Ntinos Vrettos Petros Kolettis and Lorna.
 Economics in One Lesson is an introduction to free market economics written by Henry Hazlitt and first published in 1946.
 Boondoggle is an EP from The Lucksmiths released in 1994 on Candle Records (catalogue number LUCKY1.)
 A&F Quarterly is an American lifestyle periodical by Abercrombie & Fitch. Targeted towards the college-aged youth (18-22) the Quarterly primarily serves as a promotional vehicle for the A&F brand. Its contents prominently feature photo spreads by A&F photographer Bruce Weber and also encompass a variety of articles on lifestyle sex entertainment travel dining and celebrity interviews.The Quarterly's inclusion of nudity and sexuality has been a continual controversial topic.
 Macrogastra ventricosa is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae the door snails.
 Stare Zadybie [ˈstarɛ zaˈdɨbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Ryki and 73 km (45 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Vicente Lucio Salazar (20 December 1832 – 14 February 1896) was President of Ecuador between 16 April 1895 and 1 September 1895.He became Vice President in 1894 and became President when Luis Cordero left office.
 Plagues & Pleasures on the Salton Sea is a documentary film by Chris Metzler and Jeff Springer with narration by John Waters and music by Friends of Dean Martinez.This offbeat and often humorous documentary tells the story of the accidental lake and environmental catastrophe known as the Salton Sea located in the desert of Southern California USA.Once known as the “California Riviera” the Salton Sea is now called one of America’s worst ecological disasters: a fetid stagnant salty lake that coughs up dead fish and birds by the thousands in frequent die-offs that occur. 
 The New-England Repertory was a newspaper published from 1803 through 1820.It was first published in Newburyport Massachusetts but was moved to Boston in 1804 and renamed The Repertory. It was published under this name and The Repertory & General Advertiser until 1820.
 Chains of Gold is a 1991 Made-for-TV action film starring and co-written by John Travolta. It was directed by Rod Holcomb and included one of the early performances of Joseph Lawrence who was nominated for Young Artist Award for his role in the movie.The film was released as a direct-to-cable in United States and had theatrical distribution in Germany. Producers released it to the DVD after seven years from release of the film on December 15 1998.The film was shot in Miami Florida USA.
 Kalateh-ye Khvajeh Ali (Persian: كلاته خواجه علي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Khvājeh ‘Alī; also known as Khvājeh ‘Alī) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shakespeare's Macbeth – A Tragedy in Steel is a 2003 concept album by Rebellion based on the story of William Shakespeare's play Macbeth. The album has many spoken passages.
 The Press & Sun-Bulletin is a daily newspaper serving the area around Binghamton New York. It was formed by the 1985 merger of The Evening Press (Known as The Binghamton Press prior to 1960) and The Sun-Bulletin. It is owned by the Gannett Company who purchased The Binghamton Press in 1943 and The Sun-Bulletin in 1971.
 Ondine is a play written in 1938 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux based on the 1811 novella Undine by the German Romantic Friedrich de la Motte Fouqué that tells the story of Hans and Ondine. Hans is a knight-errant who has been sent off on a quest by his betrothed. In the forest he meets and falls in love with Ondine a water-sprite who is attracted to the world of mortal man. The subsequent marriage of people from different worlds is of course folly.
 Lippinghauser Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 New (Tamil: நியூ) is a 2004 Tamil fantasy comedy film directed written and produced by S. J. Surya who also features in the lead role. Simran Kiran Rathod and Devayani play supporting roles while A. R. Rahman composes the music.
 Andrew Archibald Macdonald PC (14 February 1829 – 21 March 1912) served as the fourth Lieutenant Governor of Prince Edward Island from 1 August 1884 to 2 September 1889 and was one of the fathers of Canadian Confederation.Born in Three Rivers Prince Edward Island Andrew Archibald Macdonald was descended from the Clanronald branch of the Macdonalds of the Isles the son of Hugh and Catherine Macdonald of Panmure and grandson of Andrew Macdonald who had purchased a large tract of blumpkins in the province and with his family and retainers emigrated in 1806 from Inverness-shire Scotland to settled at Three Rivers where he and his sons carried on an extensive mercantile business for many years.He was educated at a county grammar school and by private tutor and also became a merchant and shipowner. 
 Lac des Vaux is a lake above Verbier in the canton of Valais Switzerland. The lake is located in the municipality of Riddes.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Billy Frankenstein is a 1998 horror-comedy movie directed by Fred Olen Ray and written by his wife Kim Ray.
 Beat Happening/Screaming Trees is an EP and a one-off collaboration between Beat Happening (from Olympia Washington) and Screaming Trees (from Ellensburg Washington). Originally released on Homestead Records in 1988 it was later reissued as part of Beat Happening's box set Crashing Through in 2002. The journal of Kurt Cobain contains a draft of a letter sent to Mark Lanegan in which he described Polly Pereguin as his favorite pop song of the 1980s.
 World of Our Own is the third studio album by the Irish boyband Westlife released on 12 November 2001. It reached number one in the United Kingdom and includes the singles Queen of My Heart (which was a double A-side with When You're Looking Like That) World of Our Own (which was a double A-side with Angel) Bop Bop Baby and the final single from the group's last album Uptown Girl.
 Room is the second solo album (third overall album) of singer-songwriter and actress Katey Sagal. It was originally released on June 1 2004 by the record label Valley Entertainment.
 The Salève is a mountain of the French Prealps located in the departement of Haute-Savoie (France). It is also called the Balcony of Geneva.
 Mireuksan is a mountain in the city of Tongyeong Gyeongsangnam-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 461 m (1512 ft).
 Laguna de Arani or Laguna de Araré is a lake in the Marbán Province Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 160 m its surface area is 68 km².
 Pieńki Słubickie [ˈpjɛɲki swuˈbit͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Żabia Wola 13 km (8 mi) south of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Caterina Valente's Greatest Hits is an album from Caterina Valente. Released in UK (1965) with Werner Müller & His Orchestra.This album includes her big hits Malagueña and The Breeze and I.The album was released in Japan in 1966 under the name De Luxe Latin Album with a laminated flipback picture sleeve.
 Sierpinski is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southeast of the huge walled plain Gagarin and to the northwest of the crater O'Day and the Mare Ingenii.This crater has undergone some wear particularly along the southwest where Sierpinski Q intrudes slightly into the inner wall. The rim is higher and the inner wall wider along the eastern side. There is a prominent ridge within the interior that extends from near the midpoint to the northern inner wall.
 Das geheimnisvolle Wrack is an East German adventure film directed by Herbert Ballmann. It was released in 1954.
 Skylight is a play by British dramatist David Hare. It opened at the Royal National Theatre Cottesloe directed by Richard Eyre in 1995.
 Surprise is a village in southwestern Butler County Nebraska United States. The population was 43 at the 2010 census.
 Las Vegas Valley is actually a basin drained by the Las Vegas Wash. The valley in the northwest section is a northwest-by-southeast trending area and trending parallel to Las Vegas Wash lies at the northeast of the Spring Mountains massif.U.S. Route 95 leaves Las Vegas' northwest and goes northwesterly through the northwest valley section with Las Vegas Wash about 2 miles (3 km) northeast. U.S.
 Crystal Ballroom originally built as Cotillion Hall is a historic building in Portland Oregon United States. Cotillion Hall was built in 1914 as a ballroom and dance revivals were held there through the Great Depression. Starting in the 1960s the hall has also been host to many popular pop rock folk blues and jazz artists as well as beat poetry and other entertainment.
 Amerila castanea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1911. It is found in Nigeria.
 Le Bâton de la Plutarque is the 23rd adventure in the Blake and Mortimer series. It is written by Yves Sente and drawn by André Juillard and Étienne Schréder with color by Madeleine de Mille. As of April 2014 this volume is scheduled for publication in December 2014. Le Bâton will be pre-published as a series of daily comic strips beginning in April 2014 in Le Soir and repeated in the summer of 2014 in Le Télégramme.
 The Kakshaal Too (Kyrgyz: Какшаал Тоо also Kokshaal Too) is a large mountain range in the Central Tien-Shan. It stretches for a length of 582 km (in Kyrgyzstan) between Kyrgyzstan and China. The highest point in the range is Jengish Chokusu (7439 metres (24406 ft)). The range is mainly composed of limestones siltstones sandstones conglomerates and argillites of Paleozoic intruded by granites granosyenite and syenite.
 Raúl Armando Barrionuevo (1913–1996) was a Chilean farmer and politician. He was born in Copiapó January 15 1913. He died in the same city on May 24 1996. He was the son of Don Luis Barrionuevo Armando Galindo and his cousin Maria Luisa Barrionuevo Roldán. He married Naomi Olga Huerta in 1936.
 Dr. Richard Master was a leading 16th-century English physician and personal doctor of Queen Elizabeth.
 Anil Joshi is an Indian politician and Minister for Local Bodies Medical Education & Research in the present Punjab Government. He is member of Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP). He elect as a member of Punjab Vidhan Sabha from Amritsar North Constituency in 2007 and re-elected in 2012.
 The Rufous-crowned Babbler (Malacopteron magnum) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar the Philippines and Thailand.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Continental Clay Brick Plant in Martinsburg West Virginia includes a number of beehive brick kilns. Originally coal-fired then converted to natural gas the kilns are now largely disused except for a few used to dry sand.
 Swift Creek is a southward-flowing tributary of the Baker River about 7 miles (11 km) long in Whatcom County in the U.S. state of Washington. It rises in glaciers near Table Mountain and Kulshan Ridge and flows west before being joined by more glacial tributaries. It then winds south-southeast for several miles to Baker Lake reservoir and there it is joined by Morovitz Creek directly before it enters the lake.
 This Time is the title of the first studio album after six years of hiatus by German singer-songwriter & producer Thomas Anders released in 2004. It is Anders' 19-th album and his eighth as a solo artist.
 Austin & Ally is a Disney Channel soundtrack from the hit TV series Austin & Ally. The album features songs from the show's first season performed by Ross Lynch with two bonus tracks (not featured in the series) performed by the band R5. It was released digitally and physically by Walt Disney Records on September 11 2012.
 Schwartz's myotis (Myotis martiniquensis) is a species of vesper bat. It is found in Barbados and Martinique.
 Kvernesfjorden or Kvernesfjord is a fjord between the municipalities of Gjemnes Kristiansund Averøy and Eide in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The fjord is about 22 kilometres (14 mi) long.The fjord begins at the end of the Kornstadfjorden near the village of Eide the municipal center of Eide Municipality and runs to the northeast between the island of Averøya and the north shore of the Romsdal peninsula.
 The Paroeira River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 Sit Tight (1931) is an all-talking pre-code musical comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon written by Rex Taylor and produced and distributed by Warner Brothers. It was originally completed as a full musical. Due to the backlash against musicals however all the songs were cut from the film except for one (sung by Winnie Lightner) in all release prints in the United States.
 Rembrandt Hall is a historic home located at Keeseville in Essex County New York. It was built in 1851 and is a 1 1⁄2-story brick Gothic Revival style cottage. It consists of a central 2-story entrance pavilion flanked by identical bay windows. The interior features a noted rounded central staircase. It was designed by noted architect Isaac G. Perry for Emma Clara Peale Barton wife of Caleb D.
 The Kugruk River is a stream 60 miles (97 km) long in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins near Imuruk Lake on the Seward Peninsula and flows generally north to Kugruk Lagoon at Kotzebue Sound on the Chukchi Sea.
 His Best is a greatest hits album by Chicago blues harmonica player Little Walter released on June 17 1997 by MCA and Chess Records as a part of The Chess 50th Anniversary Collection (see 1997 in music). The album is seen as the CD successor to the 1958 The Best of Little Walter and features ten of the songs from that album.
 Shundeh (Persian: شونده‎ also Romanized as Shūndeh; also known as Shūmdeh) is a village in Sangan Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 20 families.
 The Long-tailed Meadowlark (Sturnella loyca) is a passerine bird of southern South America and the Falkland Islands belonging to the meadowlark genus Sturnella in the icterid family that looks very similar to the related endangered species Pampas Meadowlark.It is 25 to 28 cm long with a fairly long tail and a long pointed bill. The male is mostly dark brown with blackish streaking. The breast and throat are bright red and there is a white spot on the face near the base of the bill.
 Catonyx is an extinct genus of ground sloth of the family Mylodontidae endemic to South America during the Late Pleistocene epochs. It lived from 126000—10000 years ago existing for approximately 0.116 million years. The most recent date obtained is about 9600 B.P.
 A Friend to Die For (also known as Death of a Cheerleader in the UK) is a 1994 American TV movie directed by William A. Graham. Written by Dan Bronson the film is based on Randall Sullivan's Rolling Stone magazine article concerning the real-life murder of a high school girl by her jealous classmate. Kirsten Costas a fifteen-year-old cheerleader at Miramonte High School was killed by less popular classmate Bernadette Protti in 1984. The film was the highest-rated TV movie of 1994.
 Ronald Joseph Ron Walker AC CBE (born 15 September 1939) is a former Lord Mayor of Melbourne and prominent Australian businessman renowned for his work in managing sporting events.
 Fangirl is 2013 contemporary young adult novel written by Rainbow Rowell. Fangirl is notable for having been chosen as Tumblr's first book club selection. The cover illustration is by popular webcomic artist Noelle Stevenson creator of Nimona. Fangirl's publication follows Rowell's previous YA novel published earlier in 2013 Eleanor & Park.
 Rebecca H. (Return to the Dogs) is a 2010 French-American drama film directed by Lodge Kerrigan. It was entered into the Un Certain Regard section of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Jenkins Octagon House is an historic octagon house located on NY 395 in Duanesburg Schenectady County New York. It was built about 1855 by noted master carpenter Alexander Delos Boss Jones. It is a two story clapboard sided farmhouse with Greek Revival style features. It features innovative stacked plank construction a low-pitched polygonal roof with a central chimney a full entabulature circling the structure and a one story porch with a hipped roof.
 Death Bell 2: Bloody Camp (Hangul: 고死 두번째 이야기 : 교생실습; RR: Gosa dubeonjjae iyagi : Gyosaengsilseup) is a 2010 Korean horror film. The film was directed by Yoo Sun-dong. The film is a sequel to the 2008 film Death Bell. The story is unrelated to the previous film.
 Death Drug is a 1978 American exploitation film that deals with the harsh and deadly affects of PCP or angel dust. The film starred Philip Michael Thomas as a plumber turned musical artist who got hooked on angel dust leading to a drastic change in personality and soon his demise.
 Gavzan Mahalleh (Persian: گاوزن محله‎ also Romanized as Gāvzan Maḩalleh) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 472 in 127 families.
 Mulatu Teshome Wirtu (Amharic: ሙላቱ ተሾመ?</span> born 1955 or 1956) is an Ethiopian politician who has been President of Ethiopia since 7 October 2013.
 Golden Balls (Spanish: Huevos de oro) is a 1993 Spanish film directed by Bigas Luna. It stars Javier Bardem Maria de Medeiros Alessandro Gassman Maribel Verdú and Benicio del Toro.
 Wiciejów [viˈt͡ɕejuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cegłów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 47 km (29 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Dente di Coca is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Contemporary Works I is a limited edition 10-disc CD box set released by Klaus Schulze in 2000 containing new studio material. The CDs are in cardboard sleeves and housed in a wooden box. Two years later Schulze released Contemporary Works II. Six of the discs have been reissued in 2005–2007 as part of the overall reissue program of Schulze back catalog by Revisited Records.
 A Resurrection (also titled The Sibling) is an American horror-thriller film written and directed by Matt Orlando. The film stars Mischa Barton Michael Clarke Duncan (in his last film) and Devon Sawa. On 12 November 2012 a trailer was released. The film premiered in Sherman Oaks Los Angeles on 19 March 2013. This was followed by a limited theatrical release in the United States on 22 March 2013.
 Éric Raoult (Paris 19 June 1955) is a French politician currently affiliated to the Union for a Popular Movement.
 The Real Son is a short movie in which Lucas Grabeel plays Freddie Deansman the rebellious son of a golf player (Mark L. Taylor) who cares more about fixing the golf club's fastest printer than about his son. On Father's Day Mr Deansman competes in a golf tournament with a friend's son leaving Freddie to his own devices. At the end of the day Mr Deansman takes home the printer and goes to pick up Freddie. Their awkward conversation betrays the communication gap between the two.
 Hyperolius platyceps is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea and Gabon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps rivers shrub-dominated wetlands swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes rural gardens heavily degraded former forest and ponds.
 Kholus (Persian: خلوص‎ also Romanized as Kholūş and Kholoos; also known as Kholū and Khulu) is a village in Harang Rural District Kukherd District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 953 in 189 families.
 The Rocket is a 2013 Australian drama film written and directed by Kim Mordaunt. This was the seventh Australian film to be selected for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.The film won the Audience Award and the award for Best Actor in a Narrative Feature Film at the Tribeca Film Festival. It was screened at the AFI Fest.
 Heart of Darkness is sixth studio album by Grave Digger. They showed a much darker and more aggressive sound with this release than any of their previous albums. All of the songs have dark lyrical concepts such as hate darkness death shadows betrayal etc.Titletrack is inspired by film Apocalypse Now.
 Lake Ohakuri at 12 km² is the largest artificial lake of the Waikato river system in New Zealand. It forms the reservoir for the Ohakuri hydroelectric power station. Construction of the dam approved in 1955 began in 1956 and was completed in 1960. The lake was filled over 14 days in January and February 1961. This drowned two thirds of the Orakei Korako geothermal area including two of the world's largest geysers Minginui Geyser and Orakei Korako Geyser.
 Algemeen Handelsblad was an influential Amsterdam-based liberal daily newspaper founded in 1828 by J.W. van den Biesen. At the peak of its influence—from the time of the Boer War when it championed the Boer cause in South Africa through World War I -- it was edited by Charles Boissevain.It merged in 1970 with the Rotterdam-based liberal daily newspaper Nieuwe Rotterdamsche Courant into the NRC Handelsblad.
 The Rough Guide to Tango is a world music compilation album originally released in 1999. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album presents the tango music of Argentina with an eye toward the history of the genre featuring 78 rpm recordings to tracks of the modern day. Teddy Peiro & Tom Andrews wrote the liner notes and Phil Stanton—co-founder of the World Music Network—produced and compiled the album. This release was followed by a second edition a decade later.
 Aladeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 María Clemencia Tutina Rodríguez Múnera (born 13 November 1955) is the wife of the 32nd and current President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos Calderón and serves as First Lady of Colombia since 2010.
 Achaearanea is a genus of spiders in the Theridiidae (tangle web spider) family.
 The Cacao Moth Tobacco Moth or Warehouse Moth (Ephestia elutella) is a small moth of the family Pyralidae. It is probably native to in Europe but has been transported widely even to Australia. A subspecies is E. e. pterogrisella.The wingspan is 14–20 mm. This moth flies throughout the warmer months e.g.
 Joseph Braithwaite (1848 – 27 March 1917) was a New Zealand bookseller and politician. He was mayor of Dunedin from 1905 to 1906.
 The Old Brick Post Office in Wickenburg Arizona was built in 1912. It served historically as a specialty store and as a business. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Cyclophora castraria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Revolucija (English: Revolution) is the third studio album by Bosnian singer Selma Bajrami. It was released in 2001.
 Lubiatowo [lubjaˈtɔvɔ] (German: Liebendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dolsk 10 km (6 mi) south of Śrem and 46 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 250.
 The Other Paper was an alternative weekly news publication that served the Greater Columbus Ohio area from 1990 to 2013.It was distributed on Thursdays and was known for local news and features such as concert and movie reviews classified ads and personals all with a distinctly irreverent humorous style.
 Biturix lanceolata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found on Haiti.
 Taj Mahal is a 1999 Tamil film directed by Bharathiraja. The film featured the director's son Manoj alongside fellow debutant Riya Sen in the lead roles with an ensemble supporting cast including Revathi Radhika and Ranjitha. The film's story was written by Mani Ratnam while music was composed by A.R.Rahman and Madhu Ambat handled the camera. The story of the film revolved around two clashing communities and two lovers caught in the vortex of their rivalry.
 Piaski [ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Lututów 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Wieruszów and 87 km (54 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Stary Zamość [ˈstarɨ ˈzamɔɕt͡ɕ] is a village in Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Stary Zamość. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Zamość and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mal Waldron Plays Eric Satie is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron playing compositions by Erik Satie recorded in 1983 and released by the Japanese Baybridge label.
 The House at 215 Brookline Street in Newton Massachusetts is one of the oldest houses in the city. The oldest portion of the 2 1/2 story saltbox house was built c. 1693 by Thomas Hastings who was prominent in the civic affairs of the area. The house uncharacteristically faces north (when typical period houses faced south) and exhibits simple but high quality Georgian styling.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Prudential Tower also known as the Prudential Building or colloquially The Pru is a skyscraper in Boston Massachusetts. The building a part of the Prudential Center complex currently stands as the 2nd-tallest building in Boston behind the John Hancock Tower. The Prudential Tower was designed by Charles Luckman and Associates for Prudential Insurance. Completed in 1964 the building is 749 feet (228 m) tall with 52 floors.
 Kala (Persian: كلا‎ also Romanized as Kalā) is a village in Tatarestaq Rural District Baladeh District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 23 families.
 Red Equinox is the ninth book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
 The Toa is a river located in the Guantánamo Province of Cuba which flows across the country. This river is 131 kilometers long and has 72 tributaries. The Toa river is well known for its crystal clear waters.
 Brookesia exarmata also known as the dwarf chameleon is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar. It was first described by Schimmenti and Jesu in 1996 and the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has classed it as an endangered species of animal.
 Sergio Díaz-Granados Guida (born 3 October 1968) is the current Minister of Commerce Industry and Tourism of Colombia. Before he was called to head the ministry he served as Deputy Minister of Industrial Development. He has served as Member of the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia from 2002 to 2006 Deputy in the Magdalena Departmental Assembly from 1998 to 2000 and Councilman in the Santa Marta City Council from 1995 to 1997.
 Zolmabad (Persian: ظلم اباد‎ also Romanized as Z̧olmābād and Zolmābād) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Refuge Assurance Building now the Palace Hotel or Refuge Building stands at the corner of Oxford Street and Whitworth Street in Manchester England.The first phase of this Grade II* listed red brick and terracotta building was designed for the Refuge Assurance Company by Alfred Waterhouse and built 1891–1895. The inside was of Burmantofts faience and glazed brick.
 Metzneria intestinella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in most of southern Europe.
 The Revenge of the Shadow King is the first volume of three books in the Grey Griffins series written in collaborative writing by American authors Derek Benz and J.S. Lewis and published by Orchard Books an imprint of Scholastic Inc. The book follows the story of four friends who form The Order of the Grey Griffin.
 The Scocul Urzicarului River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 Aadivaram Adavallaku Selavu Kavali is an 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by Raja VannemReddy. Sivaji plays the lead role. The film released on 23 February 2007.
 Lake Edward is a lake in Crow Wing County Minnesota.
 Adams is a lunar impact crater that is located in the rugged southeastern section of the Moon near the lunar limb. It lies just to the southwest of the crater Legendre. To the northwest are the craters Hase and Petavius and to the southwest is Furnerius. To the southwest of Adams is a system of rilles designated the Rimae Hase. The longest of these rilles follows a course to the southeast.The rim of Adams is generally circular in form but somewhat worn by small impact craters.
 Eagle's Wing is a Euro-Western Eastmancolor film made in 1979. It stars Martin Sheen Sam Waterston and Harvey Keitel. It was directed by Anthony Harvey with a story by Michael Syson and a screenplay by John Briley. It won the British Society of Cinematographers Best Cinematography Award for 1979.
 Kazimierzewo [kaʑimjɛˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Elbląg and 88 km (55 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 290.
 I Like Only You (French: Je n'aime que toi) is a French comedy film from 1950 directed by Pierre Montazel written by Jean Montazel and starring by Luis Mariano and Louis de Funès.
 Glenn Miller Plays Selections From the Film The Glenn Miller Story is a 1954 compilation album by Glenn Miller and his Orchestra. The collection contained songs featured in the 1954 Universal-International film The Glenn Miller Story starring James Stewart and June Allyson.
 Blackman-Bosworth Store also known as Bosworth Store Building S.N. Bosworth's Cheap Cash Store David Blackman's Store and Randolph County Museum is a historic general store located at Beverly Randolph County West Virginia. It consists of the original section built about 1828 with an addition built in 1894. The original section is a two-story brick building on a cut-stone foundation.
 Aasai Mugam is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran. The film was released in 1965.
 date of death 02/07/12 RIPBhanwar Singh Dangawas (born 7 June 1929) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Nagaur constituency of Rajasthan and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.
 Belionota sagittaria is a Jewel Beetle of the Buprestidae family.
 Bajerze [baˈjɛʐɛ] (German: Baiersee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kijewo Królewskie within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Chełmno 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Toruń and 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Salur Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Die Südostschweiz (literally The Southeastern Switzerland) is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper published by Südostschweiz Mediengruppe in Chur Graubünden.
 Forgiven Now is the fourth studio album by Chicago based alt-country band Dolly Varden and was released in 2002. Like the previous release The Dumbest Magnets this album was recorded in Nashville with producer Brad Jones.
 Platinum is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Miranda Lambert scheduled for release on June 3 2014 by RCA Records Nashville.
 Santamental is the fourth solo album from Steve Lukather.
 1875 K Street is a high-rise skyscraper building located in the United States capital of Washington D.C.. The building began construction in 2000 and was completed in 2001. Upon completion the building rose to 155 feet (47 m) featuring 12 floors and 5 elevators. The architect of the building was Hartman-Cox Architects who designed the postmodern design of the building.
 Carpiscula procera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Kiertyny Wielkie [kʲɛrˈtɨnɨ ˈvʲɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Bartoszyce and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 For the album by Little Willie Littlefield see The Red One (album)For other uses see Red OneThe Red One is a short story by Jack London. It was first published in the October 1918 issue of The Cosmopolitan two years after London's death.
 Mường Tùng is a commune (xã) and village of the Mường Chà District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Too Many Winners is a 1947 American crime film directed by William Beaudine and starring Hugh Beaumont Trudy Marshall and Ralph Dunn.
 Bon Sefid (Persian: بن سفيد‎ also Romanized as Bon Sefīd) is a village in Soghan Rural District Soghan District Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 16 families.
 The Memorial Art Gallery is the civic art museum of Rochester New York. Founded in 1913 it is part of the University of Rochester and occupies the southern half of the University's former Prince Street campus. It is the focal point of fine arts activity in the region and hosts the biennial Rochester-Finger Lakes Exhibition and the annual Clothesline Festival.
 Dushman Duniya Ka (Devanagari: दुशमन दुनिया का Nastaliq: دشمن دنیا کا English: The World's Enemy) is a 1996 Bollywood film directed by Mehmood and produced by Ashok Mishra. The film stars Laila Mehdin and newcomer Manzoor Ali in the lead roles alongside Jeetendra and Sumalatha. Shahrukh Khan and Salman Khan have special appearances in the film. It has music by then struggler Himesh Reshammiya who debuted in this film.
 Gowhargan-e Sofla (Persian: گوهرگان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gowhargān-e Soflá; also known as Dālān-e Gowhargān and Gowhargān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 19 families.
 The Bridgeman Art Library based in London Paris New York and Berlin provides one of the largest archives for reproductions of works of art in the world. Founded in 1972 by Harriet Bridgeman the Bridgeman Art Library cooperates with many art galleries and museums to gather images.
 Bauern Freund Print Shop is a historic print shop located at Marlborough Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1838 and is a 2 1/2-story brick building with a gable roof. It has a front porch with a hipped roof. The building was built by Enos Benner a German-American publisher of Der Bauern Freund (The Farmer's Friend) and other influential German language publications.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Black Wheel is a fantasy novel written by A. Merritt and Hannes Bok. Merritt had completed the first seven chapters roughly 20000 words before his death in 1943. Bok wrote the remainder of the novel twenty chapters of more than 60000 words working from a sketchy plot outline left by Merritt.
 CNL Center City Commons is a complex of buildings in Downtown Orlando. The main building is a 250 foot tall skyscraper that is the headquarters of CNLBank Alliance Bankshares before being acquired by the founder of CNL Financial Group. The complex is also home to Orlando's current city hall which was built after in the old one was demolished in the same area. The demolition was used in the movie Lethal Weapon 3.
 Where Country Grows is the second studio album by American country music artist Ashton Shepherd. It was released on July 12 2011 via MCA Nashville. The album's first single Look It Up reached the Top 20 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. The title track was released as the album's second single in July 2011.
 Nintendo Force is a bi-monthly magazine that centers upon various Nintendo products such as the Wii U Nintendo 3DS Wii and Nintendo DS. On December 21 2012 IGN editor and magazine founder Lucas M. Thomas announced his intention to release the magazine stating that he had begun to plan for the magazine upon hearing of Nintendo Power's cancellation.
 Erenli is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 347 people.
 Oonops domesticus is a tiny spider (males about 1.5 mm females 2 mm) from Western Europe to Russia. It is of a bleak light red with a reddish to whitish abdomen. It is found only in buildings where it builds a retreat in corners and between old paper. It hunts at night probably with booklice their common prey. The translucent flat egg sac contains only two eggs.It is very similar to the closely related O. pulcher but has five tibial spine pairs instead of four. O. pulcher is found outdoors.
 All the Love You Cannes! is a 2002 documentary film directed by Lloyd KaufmanThe film documents Troma Entertainment's annual pilgrimage to the Cannes Film Festival in order to take on what they describe as the elitist media conglomerates and features interviews with Quentin Tarantino and Claude Chabrol. Troma are currently working on a follow-up to this movie entitled Occupy Cannes.
 The Polcura River is a river of Chile.
 John Vines Wright (June 28 1828 – June 11 1908) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for the 7th congressional district of Tennessee.
 Cnoc an Chuillin or Cnoc an Chuillinn (Irish for hill of the steep slope) is the seventh-highest mountain peak in Ireland at 958 metres (3143 ft) high. It lies about 3½ kilometres west-southwest of Carrauntoohil (Ireland's highest peak) in the MacGillycuddy's Reeks of County Kerry. Informally referred to as one of the Irish Munros the summit is officially counted by the Scottish Mountaineering Club as a Furth; a 3000 ft high peak outside Scotland.
 Vitruvius is a small lunar impact crater that lies on the northern edge of the Mare Tranquillitatis. To the east is the crater Gardner and to the northeast is Fabbroni. To the north-northwest is the elongated Mons Vitruvius mountain and beyond is the valley where the Apollo 17 mission landed.The rim of Vitruvius is somewhat circular but the sides are uneven to the north and east. The rim is highest to the northwest. The interior floor is uneven with some low rises in the southwest.
 Emmanuel Lutheran Church is a historic church 216 S. Aspen Street in Lincolnton North Carolina.It was built in 1919 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 The SAGE radar stations of Air Defense Command (Aerospace Defense Command after 1968) were the military installations operated by USAF squadrons using the 1st automated air defense environment (Semi-Automatic Ground Environment) and networked by the SAGE System a computer network.
 Dome Mountain el. 9826 feet (2995 m) is a mountain peak in the southern section of the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park.
 La Breña Reservoir is a reservoir in Almodóvar del Río province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain.
 Anita O'Day: The Life of a Jazz Singer is a 2007 American documentary film about the jazz singer Anita O'Day. The documentary was directed and produced by Robbie Cavolina and Ian McCrudden. The documentary premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in 2007 and had a limited release on August 15 2008. It was nominated for Best Long Form Music Video at 52nd Grammy Awards.
 The Allman Brothers Band is the debut studio album by American rock band the Allman Brothers Band. Produced by Adrian Barber the album was released on November 4 1969 in the United States by Atco Records and Capricorn Records. The album was recorded and mixed in two weeks at Atlantic Studios in New York City. Much of the material presented was premiered live over the preceding months and combines jazz blues and country music to varying degrees.
 Khonak (Persian: خنك‎ also Romanized as Khonok; also known as Gunak and Jonak) is a village in Sefidar Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 64 families.
 The Edison and Ford Winter Estates contain a historical museum and 17 acre (6.9 hectares) botanical garden on the adjacent sites of the winter homes of Thomas Alva Edison and Henry Ford beside the Caloosahatchee River in southwestern Florida. It is located at 2350 McGregor Boulevard Fort Myers Florida USA. It is open daily from 9:00 am to 5:30 pm including Sundays.
 Genowefa [ɡɛnɔˈvɛfa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Łężyca [wɛ̃ˈʐɨt͡sa] (formerly German Lansitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 km (4 mi) north of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 1046.
 The Tascadero River is a river of Chile.
 Bra Boys: Blood is Thicker than Water is a 2007 Australian Documentary film about a surf gang on Sydney's Maroubra beach released in March 2007. The film details a story of the Bra Boys from the viewpoint of the gang members particularly the Abbertons. Sunny Abberton wrote and co-directed the film with Macario De Souza. Actor Russell Crowe was producer and provided narration.
 Don Ryan was a Democratic Party member of the Montana Senate representing District 10 since 2000.
 Dictyna szaboi is spider species found in Hungary Czech Republic Slovakia and Russia.
 Oscar N. Onyema (born August 19 1968) is the Chief Executive Officer of the Nigerian Stock Exchange a position he assumed on April 4 2011.Prior to this role he served for over 20 years in United States financial markets and the Nigerian information technology sector. Mr. Onyema is the Chairman of Central Securities Clearing System (CSCS) Plc the clearing house for the Nigerian capital market;he is also a Council member of the Chartered Institute of Stockbrokers of Nigeria (CIS).
 What Happens in Vegas is a 2008 American romantic comedy film from 20th Century Fox starring Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher. The title is based on the Las Vegas marketing catchphrase What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
 Micralarctia australis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Watson in 1988. It is found in Namibia.
 St. Anne's Church and Mission Site is a historic site on Indian Island off ME 43 in Old Town Maine.The church was built in 1668. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Scarth A.D. 2195 is an English language comic strip.The protagonist in this comic strip was injured deliberately to prevent her entering an intergalactic beauty competition. However despite the disfiguration she appeared with jewels over her scars and won the competition thwarting her enemies.
 Pieter Nuyts or Nuijts (1598 – 11 December 1655) was a Dutch explorer diplomat and politician.He was part of a landmark expedition of the Dutch East India Company in 1626–27 which mapped the southern coast of Australia. He became the Dutch ambassador to Japan in 1627 and he was appointed Governor of Formosa in the same year. Later he became a controversial figure because of his disastrous handling of official duties coupled with rumours about private indiscretions.
 Bansaid-e Sofla (Persian: بان سعيدسفلي‎ also Romanized as Bānsa‘īd-e Soflá) is a village in Sursur Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 9 families.
 Mithuna strigifera is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in India (Sikkim).
 Threespot barb (Barbus trimaculatus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Giant Robot was a bi-monthly magazine of Asian and Asian American popular culture founded in 1994. It was initially created as a small punk-minded magazine that featured Asian pop culture and Asian American alternative culture including such varied subject matter as history art music film books toys technology food and skateboarding. The publication grew from its original format—a small photocopied zine folded and stapled by hand—to its current full-color format.
 Eulamprotes helotella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Spain Portugal France Italy Greece Corsica Sardinia and Crete.
 António de Amaral de Meneses was the 19th and last Governor of Portuguese Ceylon. de Meneses was appointed in 1656 under John IV of Portugal he was Governor until 1658.
 Spilosoma wahri is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1933. It is found on Timor.
 Maico 2010 is a manga series by Toshimitsu Shimizu which ran in Young King Ours from 1997 to 1998. The manga was adapted to an anime TV series on WOWOW in 1998 under the title Android Announcer Maico 2010 (アンドロイド・アナ MAICO 2010 Andoroido Ana Maiko Nimaru-ichimaru) as part of the Anime Complex omnibus show. The series was published in English by ComicsOne. ComicsOne rated the series as Suggested 17Up.
 Truro Town Hall formerly Union Hall is the town hall of Truro Massachusetts. It is located on Town Hall Road east of Massachusetts Route 6. The two story wood frame building was built in 1848 to serve as a meeting place for several fraternal organizations including the International Order of Odd Fellows and the Sons of Temperance. It served these organizations for only a few years and was rented by the town for town meetings for a time before being purchased by the town.
 There's No Place Like America Today is the seventh studio album by Curtis Mayfield. Billy Jack updated the streetwise chic of Superfly while So in Love was one of his most affecting love songs.
 Högestad Castle (Swedish: Högestads slott) is a castle in Ystad Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Cynopterus is a genus of megabats. The Cynopterine section is represented by 11 genera five of which occur in Malaysia namely Chironx Balionycteris Penthetor Dyacopterus and Cynopterus.
 Genevieve Blatt (1913–1996) was an American politician and attorney from Pennsylvania and a member of the Democratic Party.
 Kottukkal is a village in Kollam district of Kerala India. The historical importance of the village is linked to Kottukal cave temple built before 800 CE. The village comes under Ittiva panchayath and it is the most prominent town in this panchayath. The village has many libraries and Safder Hashmi library Melakkadu is one of the notable one among them.
 Parakatawella is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mamesh Khan (Persian: ممش خان‎ also Romanized as Mamesh Khān) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District Safayyeh District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 54 families.
 Pampa Sarovar is a lake in Koppal district near Hampi in Karnataka. To the south of the Tungabhadra River it is considered sacred by Hindus and is one of the five sacred sarovars or lakes in India. In Hindu mythology Pampa Sarovar is regarded as the place where Pampa a form of Shiva's consort Parvati performed penance to show her devotion to Shiva.
 The Building at 606 Main Street in Barnstable Massachusetts is a modest commercial building constructed c. 1910. It is a single story wood frame construction with a gable roof. The front slope of the roof has a long shed-roof dormer providing some second-level storage space for the shops below. The building is vernacular in style with paired recessed doorways to the stores.
 Jose Zulueta (Molo Iloilo City November 23 1889 - December 6 1972) was a Philippine lawyer and politician. He was elected as Senate President for a brief period in 1953.
 Dehkadeh Qods (Persian: دهكده قدس‎) is a village in Bibalan Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 356 in 98 families.
 Padeh (Persian: پاده‎ also Romanized as Pādeh) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 53 families.
 Røros Church (Norwegian: Røros kirke also known as Bergstadens Ziir) is a parish church in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the mining town of Røros. Røros Church is Norway's fifth largest church and has about 1600 seats. It is also ranked by Riksantikvaren as one of the ten most important churches in Norway.
 Shock Waves is a compilation album by Japanese heavy metal band Vow Wow. The album was released in 1986 in the USA.
 Beneh Kohol (Persian: بنه كهل‎; also known as Nebeh Kohol) is a village in Ujan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 646 in 143 families.
 Ganisa postica is a moth of the Eupterotidae family. It is found in India Sri Lanka and Taiwan.
 The Oath of Black Blood is a compilation by Finnish black metal band Beherit. The album is not a separate recording but a compilation of the band's demo Demonomancy and EP Dawn of Satan's Millennium. The material was recorded in late 1990 and released as an album in 1991 through Turbo Music without Beherit's permission after the band spent the recording budget on alcohol. Spikefarm Records re-released the album in 2005 in digipak format with upgraded artwork.
 Extrasensory Perception is a 1934 book written by parapsychologist Joseph Banks Rhine which discusses his research work at Duke University. Extrasensory perception is the ability to acquire information shielded from the senses and the book was of such a scope and of such promise as to revolutionize psychical research and to make its title literally a household phrase.
 Histoire vraie is a 1973 French film directed by Claude Santelli.
 Terebra corintoensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Jesse Stone: Sea Change is a 2007 American television mystery film directed by Robert Harmon and starring Tom Selleck Kathy Baker and Kohl Sudduth. Based on the novel Sea Change by Robert B. Parker the film is about the police chief of a small New England town who investigates the unsolved murder of a bank teller shot during a robbery and an alleged rape that draws him into conflict with the town council which hopes to preserve the town's reputation as an ideal seaside resort.
 The Cathedral of Saint Paul — informally known as Saint Paul's Cathedral — is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Worcester in Worcester Massachusetts.The Gothic structure was designed by architect Elbridge Boyden. Construction began in the spring of 1868; the superstructure was completed by 1874 at which time the church was dedicated. The building is 168 feet (51 m) in length 91 feet (28 m) in width and 96 feet (29 m) in height.
 The Somerset Coal Canal (originally known as the Somersetshire Coal Canal) was a narrow canal in England built around 1800 from basins at Paulton and Timsbury via Camerton an aqueduct at Dunkerton Combe Hay Midford and Monkton Combe to Limpley Stoke where it joined the Kennet and Avon Canal. This gave access from the Somerset coalfield which at its peak contained 80 collieries to London. The longest arm was 10.6 miles (17 km) long with 23 locks.
 Coleophora lunensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia and the Lower Volga region of southern Russia.Adults are on wing in August.
 The CB&Q Passenger Depot now known as the Appanoose County Post 526 VFW Hall is an historic train station located in Centerville Iowa United States. The Chicago Burlington and Quincy Railroad (CB&Q) bought the Keokuk & Western Railroad in 1903. Centerville served as a dividing point on the line and by 1910 the people in the town started to plan for a larger station.
 Alcathousites is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Alcathousites asperipennis (Fairmaire & Germain 1859) Alcathousites senticosus Monné & Martins 1976 Alcathousites superstes (Erichson 1847)↑
 Karjamal Niyaz Ali (Persian: كرجمال نيازعلي‎ also Romanized as Karjamāl Nīyāz ʿAlī) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gundgurthi (Kannada: ) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Administratively Gundgurthi is under Tewar Wadgera panchayat village Shahapur taluka of Yadgir district in Karnataka. Gundgurthi is 9 km by road northeast of Hattigudur. The nearest railhead is in Yadgir.
 Protopelicanus cuvierii is a putative fossil waterbird of uncertain affinities. It was briefly described and figured by Georges Cuvier in 1822 from Late Eocene material from Montmartre France though not formally described and named until 1852 by German botanist and ornithologist Ludwig Reichenbach as an early pelecanid. The original material comprised the cranial part of a left scapula and a nearly complete left femur.
 Cesar V. Purisima is a Filipino accountant and financial expert. He is the current Secretary of the Philippine Department of Finance under President Benigno Aquino III. He had been Finance Secretary during the stint of Aquino's predecessor President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo but resigned amid the latter's involvement in the 2005 Hello Garci scandal.
 Share The Love is a contemporary new age music relaxation album by Sri Lankan Spiritual Music Composer Rev.Bibiladeniye Mahanama released on March 10 2014. These twelve meaningful well researched music compositions are mainly for the concentration of the human mind and its theme “Share The Love” was adapted for the sole purpose of to love the environment as thyself.
 Il saprofita (internationally released as The Profiteer) is a 1974 Italian drama film directed by Sergio Nasca. It marked the directorial debut of Nasca and raised some controversities due to its polemic plot and to its violence.
 Gräbelesberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 Storeria hidalgoensis commonly known as the Mexican yellow-bellied brown snake is a nonvenomous snake in the family Colubridae. It is endemic to the Sierra Madre Oriental of Mexico.
 Diglyphomorpha is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Senoji Varėna is an old village in Varėna district municipality near Merkys River and Rivulet Varėnė confluence 4 kilometers north of Varėna on the road Vilnius–Druskininkai. The village was mentioned for the first time in Teutonic letters in the year 1413.It was the hometown of the most famous Lithuanian painter and composer Mikalojus Konstantinas Čiurlionis.
 Limnaecia pallidula is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Australia.
 The Blue-and-yellow Macaw (Ara ararauna) also known as the Blue-and-gold Macaw is a large South American parrot with blue top parts and yellow under parts. It is a member of the large group of Neotropical parrots known as macaws.
 Expert Opinion on Therapeutic Patents is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering pharmaceutical patent information across all therapy areas. Each review includes an expert opinion section in which authors provide their personal view on the current status and future direction of the research discussed. The journal was established in 1991 and is published by Informa. The editor-in-chief is Claudiu T. Supuran (University of Florence).
 This page is about the attorney and civil servant; for the Pennsylvania State Senator see Mary Jo White (Pennsylvania politician).Mary Jo White (born December 27 1947) is the 31st and current Chairwoman of the Securities and Exchange Commission. She was the first woman to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York serving from 1993 to 2002. On January 24 2013 President Barack Obama nominated White to replace Elisse B. Walter as Chairwoman of the U.S.
 Fancy Dancer is the fifth studio album by American jazz flautist Bobbi Humphrey recorded in 1975 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Ireland-Gardiner Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Greenlawn in Suffolk County New York. The original section of the main dwelling was built about 1750. It is a 1 1⁄2-story shingled dwelling with a saltbox profile and a rear shed-roof addition. It has a central chimney and deep overhanging eaves. Also on the property are a barn a corncrib a shed and a cottage.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Volcano Clawed Frog (Xenopus amieti) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family.It is endemic to Cameroon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland swamps intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes pastureland and aquaculture ponds.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 El Corte River (in Spanish Río El Corte meaning The Cut River) is the primary tributary of the Coatzacoalcos River flowing through the Mexican states of Oaxaca and Veracruz to the Gulf of Mexico.
 The Dissolving Room is Shearwater's first full-length album released on February 20 2001 by Grey Flat Records.
 Atrophaneura zaleucus is a species of butterfly from the Papilionidae family that is found in Burma.The wingspan is 100–110 mm. The wings are black. The body is covered in red hair. There are white markings on the hind wings.
 The Silent Speaker is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by the Viking Press in 1946. It was published just after World War II and key plot elements reflect the lingering effects of the war: housing shortages and restrictions on consumer goods including government regulation of prices featuring the conflict between a federal price regulatory body and a national business association paralleling the conflicts between the Office of Price Administration and the U.S.
 Scinax kautskyi is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Murder Madness is a science fiction novel by author Murray Leinster. It was first published in book form in 1931 by Brewer and Warren. It was Leinster's first book. The novel was originally serialized in four parts in the magazine Astounding beginning in May 1930.
 Slapstick or Lonesome No More! is a science fiction novel by American author Kurt Vonnegut. Written in 1976 it depicts Vonnegut's views of loneliness both on an individual and social scale.The book was adapted into the 1982 film Slapstick of Another Kind.
 Falls Lake is a 12410 acre (50 km²) reservoir located in Durham Wake and Granville counties in North Carolina USA. Falls Lake extends 28 miles (45 km) up the Neuse River to its source at the confluence of the Eno Little and Flat rivers.The lake is named for the Falls of the Neuse a section of the Neuse River that falls from the Piedmont into the lower Coastal Plain and which is now submerged under the lake.
 König is a lunar crater on the southwest Mare Nubium. It lies to the southwest of the prominent crater Bullialdus and northwest of the flooded Kies. The rim of König is somewhat polygonal in outline with a small outward bulge to the south and only a slight outer rampart. The crater interior is rough and irregular with a negligible central peak. The material along the inner sides has slumped to the floor forming a ring of debris around the small central floor.
 Sinatra 80th: All the Best is a double compilation disc album by Frank Sinatra. On the final track The Christmas Song is recorded both by Sinatra and Nat King Cole. The title like the previous album was released and named to coincide with Frank Sinatra's birthday as he was celebrating his 80th at the time.
 Jarod is a village in Vaghodia Taluka of Vadodara district in Gujarat state of India.
 Wolverine: The Best There Is was a monthly comic book seriess published by Marvel Comics from 2010 to 2012 and starring the superhero Wolverine. The series was written by Charlie Huston and premiered with a first issue cover dated February 2010. It ended with issue #12 cover dated February 2012.
 Edgerton is a village in central Alberta Canada. it is located 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Wainwright.
 Knox Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian Church in Canada Congregation in the Georgetown section of Halton Hills Ontario Canada. It is named after John Knox a founder of Presbyterianism in Scotland.Knox Church officially began in 1860. A one-storey brick church was erected in 1867. This was the first brick church in Halton County[citation needed] and was located at the present Main St. & Church St.
 Modern Magic Made Simple (よくわかる現代魔法 Yoku Wakaru Gendai Mahō lit. Comprehensible Modern-Day Magic) is a Japanese light novel series by Hiroshi Sakurazaka with illustrations by Miki Miyashita. As of March 25 2009 six volumes have been published by Shueisha under their Super Dash Bunko imprint. A new edition of the first light novel was released on April 25 2008. A manga adaptation started serialization in the shōnen magazine Jump Square on August 4 2008.
 Zolota Lypa (Ukrainian: Золота Липа Polish: Złota Lipa) is a river in western Ukraine. It flows through Berezhany Pidhaytsi and Monastyryska districts forming the large Berezhany lake north of Berezhany. It is a left tributary of Dniester belonging to the Black Sea basin. Zolota Lypa both in Polish and Ukrainian means a golden lime-tree. The river with the opposite meaning Hnyla Lypa (rotten lime-tree) flows parallel 30 km west from Berezhany.
 Półwiesk Mały [ˈpuu̯vjɛsk ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąpielsk within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wąpielsk 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Rypin and 44 km (27 mi) east of Toruń.
 Lamoria clathrella is a species of snout moths in the genus Lamoria. It was described by Ragonot in 1888 and is known from Madagascar La Réunion and Mauritius.The larvae feed on Eugenia jambolana.
 St Mary's Church (Finnish: Maarian kirkko Swedish: S:t Marie kyrka) is a medieval stone church located in Maaria in Turku Finland. There are no records as to when the present church was built but the work was probably started in the mid or late 15th century. According to Markus Hiekkanen the church was probably built in the 1440s. On the basis of the style of the closets the gables were constructed about 50 years later.
 Tamil Tigress is a book by Niromi de Soyza (a pen name based on that of Richard de Zoysa) which tells the autobiographical story of a former child soldier of the Sri Lankan guerrilla army Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) and one of its first female fighters. This is the first narration of a Sri Lankan female guerrilla soldier to be published as a memoir in English. It was initially written as a diary while at boarding school after the author fled Sri Lanka.
 Charles Talbot 1st Duke of Shrewsbury KG PC (24 July 1660 – 1 February 1718) was an English statesman. Born to Roman Catholic parents he remained in that faith until 1679 when—during the time of the Popish Plot and following the advice of the divine John Tillotson—he converted to the Church of England.
 The Cyphonocerinae are a subfamily of fireflies (Lampyridae) with only a few handful of species in (presumably) 2 genera found in North America and Eurasia. Its taxonomic history is confusing; it has at various times been included in the now-abolished Amydetinae or the Lampyrinae (which made these paraphyletic).
 Štefan Harabin (born 4 May 1957) is a former Slovak judge and politician member of the HZDS party and former Minister of Justice of Slovakia from 4 July 2006 to 23 June 2009. Currently he serves as Slovakia's Supreme Court Chairman.
 La Scala is a live solo piano album by American pianist Keith Jarrett which was released on the ECM label in 1997. It was recorded in concert on February 13 1995 at the Teatro alla Scala in Milano Italy.
 The Jazz Message of Hank Mobley is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley released on the Savoy label in 1956. It was recorded on February 8 1956 and features performances by Mobley Donald Byrd Ronnie Ball Horace Silver Doug Watkins Wendell Marshall John LaPorta and Kenny Clarke.
 Prohibido para menores is a 1956 Argentine film.
 The Visalia Town Center Post Office is a registered historic building on Acequia Avenue in downtown Visalia California. The Art Deco structure opened in 1933 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 due to its architectural and engineering significance. It remains in operation as a post office.
 Lauria fanalensis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lauriidae. This species is endemic to Portugal.
 Rabun Bald with an elevation of 4696 feet (1431 m) is the second-highest peak in Georgia; only Brasstown Bald (4784 ft) is higher. It is located immediately southeast of Sky Valley Georgia and is the tallest mountain in the county. An observation tower on the summit provides hikers with views that on clear days extend for more than 100 miles (160 km). The hike to the top of Rabun Bald is 5.8 miles (round trip) via the Rabun Bald Trail and is considered a novice to intermediate hike.
 The Cittie of Yorke is a grade II listed public house on London's High Holborn and is listed in CAMRA's national inventory of historic pub interiors.Although the current building is a rebuilding of the 1920s the buildings on this site have been pubs since 1430. Some features include the Henekey's long bar located in the grand hall-like back room a late-Georgian or Regency era triangular metal stove and Victorian-style cubicles.
 Tasa is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Friends is a 1988 Japanese-Swedish drama film directed by Kjell-Åke Andersson. Peter Mokrosinski won the award for Best Cinematography at the 24th Guldbagge Awards.
 Undead and Unreturnable is a paranormal romance novel. It is the fourth novel in the Undead series by MaryJanice Davidson.
 Edgar W. Howell House is a historic home located at Buffalo in Erie County New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Cyproniscidae are a family of marine isopod crustaceans in the suborder Cymothoida. The original description was made by Bonnier in 1900. Members of this family are parasitic on other isopods.The family contains these genera and species:Cyproniscus Kossmann 1884Cyproniscus crossophori Stebbing 1901Cyproniscus cypridinae (G.O.
 Camp Fear (also known as The Millennium Countdown) is a 1991 direct-to-video science fiction/horror film starring Betsy Russell and Vincent Van Patten. George Buck Flower as Wino Tiny Ron Taylor as The Druid David Homb as Bill James Kratt as Ace Nels Van Patten as Speedy Sherman Augustus as Dancer #1 Michelle Bauer as Dorm Girl Shannon Wilsey as Dorm Girl
 Fatemiyeh (Persian: فاطميه‎ also Romanized as Fāţemīyeh) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Coombs Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge which carries Coombs Bridge Road over the Ashuelot River in northern Winchester New Hampshire. The Town lattice truss bridge was built in 1837 probably by either Anthony Coombs or Anthony Coombs Jr. who lived nearby. The bridge is 107 feet (33 m) long and 14 feet (4.3 m) wide with a span of just under 102 feet (31 m). It rests on unmortared stone abutments and has a clearance over the river of about 11 feet (3.4 m).
 Sailaufbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Manojlovci (Serbian: Манојловци) is a village in the municipality of Topola Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 144 people.
 Vihovići (Cyrillic: Виховићи) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Tall-e Siah (Persian: تل سياه‎ also Romanized as Tall-e Sīāh) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 The Farmington Canal also known as the New Haven and Northampton Canal was a major private canal built in the early 19th century to provide water transportation from New Haven into the interior of Connecticut Massachusetts and beyond. Its Massachusetts segment was known as the Hampshire and Hampden Canal.
 Barcikowice [bart͡ɕikɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 km (7 mi) south of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 160.
 Major-General Robert Clive 1st Baron Clive KB MP FRS (25 September 1725 – 22 November 1774) also known as Clive of India was a British officer who established the military and political supremacy of the East India Company in Bengal. He is credited with securing India and the wealth that followed for the British crown. Together with Warren Hastings he was one of the key early figures in the creation of British India. He also sat as a Tory Member of Parliament in Great Britain.
 The Wessex '82 7 is a split extended play release by UK punk bands The Subhumans The Pagans Organised Chaos and The A-Heads. Each band contributes one track to the record. This was also the first vinyl release on the Subhuman's own label Bluurg Records.
 Sound Shore Medical Center (SSMC) is a community-based teaching hospital affiliated with New York Medical College located at 16 Guion Place in the city of New Rochelle in Westchester County New York. The original name of the hospital was New Rochelle Hospital which opened its doors in 1892.
 The Rose Technique also known as Deranged is a direct-to-DVD American film starring Sally Kirkland JoBeth Williams Kari Wuhrer Jason Brooks and Sage Kirkpatrick.
 Lord of Illusions is a 1995 American horror film written and directed by Clive Barker based on his earlier short story The Last Illusion (from Books of Blood Vol. 6). The film presents Barker's signature character Harry D'Amour onscreen for the first time. It stars Scott Bakula as D'Amour alongside Kevin J. O'Connor Famke Janssen and Daniel von Bargen.Barker asserts that the director's cut of this film is his definitive version as the theatrical release does not represent his true vision.
 Honky Reduction is the first full length album by grindcore band Agoraphobic Nosebleed.
 Mount Prospect Baptist Church is a historic church at 339 W. Black Street in Rock Hill South Carolina.It was built in 1915 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 Sopoty [sɔˈpɔtɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczęta within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Wilczęta 22 km (14 mi) south of Braniewo and 60 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 104.
 Moeljatno (10 May 1909 – 25 November 1971) was an Indonesian prosecutor and professor. He also served as Minister of Justice from 24 March 1956 to 9 January 1957.
 Perfect Teeth is the fifth album by Washington D.C. Indie band Unrest released in August 24 1993 through 4AD.
 Rokan-kiri River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Rokan River.
 The Waybury Inn is an inn located in Middlebury Vermont United States in the Green Mountains region. The inn was built in 1810 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The inn maintains a tradition in which in room 9 there is an antique desk with a secret drawer.
 The Chicago Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad Depot is a former Chicago Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad depot in Montevideo Minnesota United States. It is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The depot is now the Milwaukee Road Heritage Center a railroad museum that focuses on interpreting the history of the Milwaukee Road as it influenced Montevideo in the late 19th century through the 1980s.
 Alyzon Whitestarr is a 2005 young-adult novel by Isobelle Carmody.
 Love on the Beat is a 1984 album by French singer and songwriter Serge Gainsbourg. On this album Gainsbourg used American musicians to achieve a funk-heavy rock sound. The album was controversial due to its very sexual lyrical content with prostitution as the subject matter on many of the tracks. Perhaps most controversial was Lemon Incest which was set to Frédéric Chopin's Étude No.
 Eupithecia turkmena is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Turkmenistan.
 The River Avill is a small river on Exmoor in Somerset England. It rises on the eastern slopes of Dunkery Beacon and flows north through Timberscombe and Dunster flowing into the Bristol Channel at Dunster Beach.The Gallox Bridge in Dunster dates from the 15th century. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building and Scheduled Ancient Monument. It is a narrow stone packhorse bridge on the southern outskirts of Dunster with two arches over the River Avill.
 Nilahue River is an Andean river in Lago Ranco commune in south-central Chile.Nilahue River originates in Cordón Caulle volcano and discharges into Ranco Lake being its second largest tributary after Calcurrupe River. The catchment basin of the river receives water both from rainfall and from snow melt in the Cordón Caulle plateau. Los Baños hot springs are located on one of its upper tributaries.
 Pseudomiza obliquaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan China and Bhutan.The wingspan is 38–40 mm.
 The Dropt is a river in Aquitaine France. It is a right tributary to the Garonne.
 Enakku 20 Unakku 18 (Tamil: எனக்கு 20 உனக்கு 18; English: I am 20 You are 18) is a 2003 Tamil romantic film written and directed by Jyothi Krishna. The film stars Tarun Shriya Saran and Trisha Krishnan in the lead roles while Vivek and Manivannan play other pivotal roles. The film was also simultaneously shot and released in Telugu with a slightly different cast as Nee Manasu Naaku Telusu. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by A. R. Rahman.
 Thousands of Evils is the second EP by heavy metal band Vildhjarta. The album was released digitally in Europe on September 30 2013 and worldwide in digital form and on a limited 1000 copy 12 vinyl press on 29 October 2013. The EP was made available on Spotify on October 3 2013.
 Riverside Historic District also known as Riverside Landscape Architecture District is a site significant for its status as one of the first planned communities in the United States. The district encompasses the majority of the Village of Riverside.
 A Real Young Girl (French: Une vraie jeune fille) is a 1976 French drama about a 14-year-old girl's sexual awakening written and directed by Catherine Breillat. The film Breillat's first was based on her fourth novel Le Soupirail.This film is notable for its graphic depiction of sexuality which includes Charlotte Alexandra exposing her vulva. This led to it being banned in many countries.
 The W C A Boarding House is a historic boarding house at 19 Bliss Street in Springfield Massachusetts. It is one Springfield's few surviving boarding house structures from the 19th century. It was built in 1884 by the Women's Christian Association (WCA) a social welfare organization that was a predecessor to the Young Women's Christian Association. The three story brick structure was used by the WCA as a space for boarding respectable working class single women.
 Shokranlu (Persian: شكرانلو‎ also Romanized as Shokrānlū; also known as Shokrānlū-ye Bālā and Shokrānlū Bālā) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 19 families.
 Walking Too Fast (Czech: Pouta literally handcuffs) is a Czech Thriller and drama film directed by Radim Špaček. It was released in 2010. It is a psychological story about relations between secret police (StB) and dissident movement set in communist Czechoslovakia in the 1980s. The film was likened to the German film The Lives of Others.
 Haydon Hall was one of the three main houses of Eastcote within what is now the London Borough of Hillingdon. The house was built in 1630 as a home for Lady Alice Dowager Countess of Derby who had been living in Harefield. The house remained in the ownership of Lady Alice's descendants for several years on the side of her eldest daughter.
 Suzhou International Expo Center (Chinese: 苏州国际博览中心; pinyin: Sūzhōu guójì bólǎn zhōngxīn) located to the east of Jinji Lake in Suzhou Industrial Park Suzhou Jiangsu is a convention center in China. It occupies an area of 188600 m2 and its total gross floor area is 255000 square meters. It is said to have the world's largest uninterrupted exhibition space according to Xinhua News Agency.
 Eupithecia longibasalis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Now and Forever is a 1934 American drama film directed by Henry Hathaway. The screenplay by Vincent Lawrence and Sylvia Thalberg was based on a story by Jack Kirkland and Melville Baker. The film stars Gary Cooper Carole Lombard and Shirley Temple in a story about a criminal going straight for his child's sake. Temple sang The World Owes Me a Living. The film was critically well received. Temple adored Cooper who nicknamed her 'Wigglebritches' (Windeler 140).
 The Color of Crime: Racial Hoaxes White Fear Black Protectionism Police Harassment and Other Macroaggressions is a 1998 book by American academic Katheryn Russell-Brown (Katheryn K. Russell at the time of the book's publication) published by New York University Press (NYUP) with a second edition in 2008.
 Stajićevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Стајићево) is a village in Serbia. It is located in the Zrenjanin municipality in the Central Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(96.29%) and its population numbering 1999 people (2002 census).
 Interdelta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Utetheisa witti is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Vos in 2007. It is found in the Philippines (Mindanao Negros).
 PoPoLoCrois (ポポロクロイス物語 Poporokuroisu monogatari) is a manga series by Tamori Yousuke originally published in the Asahi Student Newspaper (a subsidiary of the Asahi Shimbun newspaper). It was later adapted into two anime series and five role-playing video games. Its title is a combination of words from two languages: the Italian word Popolo (people) and the French croix (crossing) which together mean crossing of people.
 Alte Elbe is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Gutowo [ɡuˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Zławieś Wielka 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Toruń and 26 km (16 mi) east of Bydgoszcz.
 The Marlands Shopping Centre was opened on 5 September 1991. At the time the Marlands Shopping Mall was the largest shopping centre in Southampton and the first significant shopping centre in the city (East Street Shopping Centre being well out of the way of the main shopping district hence never being very successful and the Bargate Centre being much smaller) however it is now dwarfed by WestQuay which opened in 2000.
 Tupadly (Mělník District) is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Verheyen's Multimammate Mouse (Mastomys kollmannspergeri) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Cameroon Chad Niger Nigeria and Sudan.Its natural habitats are dry savanna intermittent rivers intermittent freshwater lakes and urban areas.
 Seven-banded long-nosed armadillo or just seven-banded armadillo Dasypus septemcinctus is a species of armadillo from South America found in Paraguay Argentina Bolivia and Brazil.It is a solitary nocturnal terrestrial animal living mostly in dry habitats outside of rainforest regions.
 James A. DeLeo was a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate representing the 10th district since 1992 and is an Assistant Majority Leader. Earlier he served in the Illinois House of Representatives. He announced his retirement from the State Senate in 2010 and left office in August 2010. Democrat John G. Mulroe was appointed to replace him and defeated Republican Brian Doherty for a full term in office in the 2010 general election.
 The Dwarka River (also called Babla) is a tributary of Bhagirathi.The Dwaraka originates in Santhal Parganas in Jharkhand and then flows through Mayureswar and Rampurhat police station areas of Birbhum district. It finally flows through Murshidabad district where it joins the Bhagirathi.Though a moderate river it has several names and many small tributaries and estuaries. Its many backwaters and side channels also connect it with the Bhagirathi.
 Best Kind of Mess is the debut studio album from rock band Get Scared released in the United States on July 12 2011 through Universal Motown Records.
 Joan Brownlow Hanham Baroness Hanham CBE (born 23 September 1939) (née Spark) is a Conservative member of the House of Lords. She was Parliamentary Under Secretary of State at the Department for Communities and Local Government from 2010 to 2013 and was leader of the Kensington and Chelsea London Borough Council from 1989.
 The Monkey's Paw is a 2013 horror film based on the short story of the same name by author W. W. Jacobs. The film revolves around Jake Tilton who receives a mysterious monkey's paw talisman which grants him three wishes. The film was directed by Brett Simmons and was written by Macon Blair. The film was produced by Ross Otterman for TMP Films and is a Chiller films presentation. The film was released in theaters and video on demand on October 8 2013.
 1234 is Ronnie Wood's fourth solo album; it spent five weeks on the Billboard 200 and peaked at number 164.
 The Hunter River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise below Donkins Hill. The river flows in a south-westerly direction until it discharges into Prince Frederick Harbour then York Sound and the Indian Ocean.The river was named in 1820 by the explorer Philip Parker King aboard the Mermaid while making charts in the area.
 The Château de Larroque is the remains of a 12th-century castle keep in the commune of Larroque in the Haute-Garonne département of France.The property of the commune it has been listed since 1930 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Ikuo Kabashima (蒲島 郁夫 Kabashima Ikuo born January 28 1947) is the current governor of Kumamoto Prefecture. He has been governor since 2008.Ikuo Kabashima received a bachelor's and master's degrees in Animal Science and Agricultural Economics from the University of Nebraska. He received a Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1979.Ikuo was an associate professor at the Institute of Policy and Planning Sciences of the University of Tsukuba from 1986 to 1991.
 Bona Arsenault CM (October 4 1903 – July 4 1993) was a Canadian historian genealogist and a federal and provincial politician.Born in Bonaventure Quebec the son of Joseph-Georges Arsenault and Marcelline Gauthier he studied at Université Laval and University of Connecticut.In the 1931 Quebec provincial elections he ran unsuccessfully in the riding of Bonaventure and lost again in 1935 in the riding of Gaspé-Sud.
 Złota [ˈzwɔta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Głuchów 21 km (13 mi) south of Skierniewice and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 670.
 West of Zanzibar is a 1928 American silent film directed by Tod Browning about the vengefulness of a cuckolded magician (Lon Chaney) paralyzed in a brawl with his rival (Lionel Barrymore). The supporting cast includes Mary Nolan and Warner Baxter. The picture is based on a 1926 Broadway play called Kongo starring Walter Huston. Huston starred in the 1932 talkie film adaptation of the same story using the Kongo title.
 Vyšehořovice (German: Wischerowitz) is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Manto is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Chełmonie [xɛu̯ˈmɔɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kowalewo Pomorskie 10 km (6 mi) west of Golub-Dobrzyń and 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 The Mt. Prospect Methodist Church was designed by John Pickering in a Greek Revival style and was built in 1886. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.It has been viewed as the finest example in the local area of a vernacular Greek Revival church design.Mount Prospect Methodist Church. Arkansas Department ofHeritage. 30 September 1999. Mount Prospect at Arkansas dept.
 The Non-Importation Act was an act passed by the United States Congress on April 18 1806 which forbade the importation of certain British goods in an attempt to coerce Great Britain to suspend its impressment of American sailors and to respect American sovereignty and neutrality on the high seas. This was the first attempt of President Thomas Jefferson's administration to respond economically instead of militarily to the British actions.
 Min Sheng Bao (Chinese: 民生報; pinyin: Mínshēng Bào; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Bîn-seng-pò; literally The People's Livelihood Newspaper) is a tabloid newspaper based in Taiwan and a sister publication of United Daily News Taiwan's second biggest selling newspaper.
 Black Gipsy is an album by jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp recorded in Europe in 1969 for the America label. The album was also issued by the Prestige label under the title Black Gypsy. The Allmusic review by Sean Westergaard states This music gets intense but melody is always at its core: this is not just a free blowing session. The rhythm section keeps things well grounded aided greatly by Burrell's marvelous comping while the horns and harmonica take the melodies and run with them.
 Dan Kennedy is a Republican member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to House District 57 which represents a portion of the Billings area.
 Prostomis mandibularis is a beetle of the family Prostomidae.
 The Thunderer el. 10495 feet (3199 m) is a mountain peak in the northeast section of Yellowstone National Park in the Absaroka Range. The Thunderer named by members of the Arnold Hague Geological Survey of 1885 for it propensity to attract thunderstorms is a long high ridge just north of Mount Norris. Prior to 1885 the peak was considered just a high ridge extending north from Mount Norris.
 The Man Without Nerves (German:Der Mann ohne Nerven) is a 1924 French-German silent crime film directed by Gérard Bourgeois and Harry Piel and starring Piel Dary Holm and Albert Paulig. It premiered in Berlin on 5 December 1924.
 Trusts & Trustees is a peer-reviewed law journal published ten times per year by Oxford University Press. The journal covers trust law and practice including case notes on topical cases and updates on trends and developments from around the world. The editors-in-chief are Toby Graham (Farrer & Co. United Kingdom) and Tony Molloy (Shortland Chambers New Zealand).
 Glitter 4 Your Soul is the debut solo album by Poison drummer Rikki Rockett released in 2003 (and reissued in 2008). The record features former band member Blues Saraceno on guitars. Poison front man Bret Michaels provides lead vocals for Tear it Down and Rikki Rockett himself sings his first lead vocal on Life's a Gas. The rest of the lead vocals are performed by Rikki's friends (other L.A musicians). The album is a tribute to 70's glam rock.
 Medeiros is the debut album by Wheat. It was released in the fall of 1997 and reissued in 2009.
 Edmund Davie Fulton PC OC QC (March 10 1916 – May 22 2000) was a Canadian Rhodes Scholar politician and judge. Popularly known as E. Davie Fulton. He was born in Kamloops British Columbia the son of politician/lawyer Frederick John Fulton and Winnifred M. Davie daughter of A.E.B. Davie. He was the youngest of 4 children.
 A Single History: 1991–1997 is a compilation album by Unwound released on Kill Rock Stars. It contains tracks previously released on various 7 singles and multiple-artist compilations. Crab Nebula and Stumbling Block originally appeared on the band's 1991 demo tape. The fourth song is a reference to the U.S. government's secret MK Ultra brainwashing program. The Negated/ Said Serial/ Census 7 was the first-ever release on Troubleman Unlimited Records.
 Shah Cheragh (Persian: شاه چراغ‎ also Romanized as Shāh Cherāgh) is a village in Marbin-e Vosta Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyni Shahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 10 families.
 Vogue China is the Chinese edition of Vogue magazine. The magazine carries a mixture of foreign and local content.Vogue China became the sixteenth edition of Vogue when its first issue was released for September 2005; its debut had been in the works for over two years. The magazine's first cover featured Australian model Gemma Ward alongside Chinese models Du Juan Wang Wenqin Tong Chenjie Liu Dan and Ni Mingxi.
 The Granite Range is a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada west of the town of Gerlach and the lower Black Rock Desert playa.Adjacent mountain ranges are the Fox Range and Calico Mountains.
 Nagyvisnyó is a village and municipality in northern Hungary in Heves county northwest of the Bükk Mountains in the valley of Bán-patak. Until 1950 the village was part of Borsod county.Popular ski resort Bánkút is situated within municipality limits.
 Tomahawk Trail is a 1957 Western film starring Chuck Connors.
 Liar is the second studio album by South Korean entertainer Harisu released on October 28 2002. Musically similar to her first album Temptation Harisu describes Liar as being very Euro/techno/house... a high-energy dance record with a very upbeat rhythm. A music video was filmed for the album's title track.Liar peaked at #23 on the MIAK K-pop albums chart selling 15760 copies in its first month of release.
 Man on Wire is a 2008 British documentary film directed by James Marsh. The film chronicles Philippe Petit's 1974 high-wire walk between the Twin Towers of New York's World Trade Center. It is based on Philippe Petit's book To Reach the Clouds recently released in paperback with the new title Man on Wire. The title of the movie is taken from the police report that led to the arrest (and later release) of Petit whose performance had lasted for almost one hour.
 Do Anjaane (English: Two Strangers) is a 1976 Hindi drama-thriller film Produced by Tito it is directed by Dulal Guha. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Rekha Prem Chopra Pradeep Kumar Utpal Dutt Lalita Pawar and a young pre-stardom Mithun Chakraborty. The music is by Kalyanji Anandji. The film became a hit at the box office.
 Nicholas Anthony Nick Micozzie (born November 2 1928) is an American politician from Pennsylvania who serves as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He is Republican Chairman of the House Insurance Committee and is also a member of the House Health and Human Services Committee.
 The Lalitha Mahal is the second largest palace in Mysore. It is located near the Chamundi Hills east of the city of Mysore in the Indian state of Karnataka. The palace was built in 1921 at the orders of His Highness Krishnaraja Wodeyar IV the Maharaja of Mysore for the exclusive stay of the then Viceroy of India. Built on a raising ground the palace was fashioned on the lines of the St.
 The first novel in David Weber's popular Honor Harrington series On Basilisk Station follows Commander Honor Harrington and Her Majesty’s light cruiser Fearless during their assignment to the Basilisk system.
 Bez zaklona is the second album by the Serbian rock band Night Shift released in 2009. Unlike the previous album consisting of cover versions Bez zaklona consists of the band's own songs. As bonus track on the album appeared the promotional video for the opening track Snovi.
 The Rocks Crumble is the eighth Jandek album released as Corwood 0746. It is his third release of 1983 and is the first Jandek album to feature extensive use of drums and electric guitar. It was reissued on CD in 2001.
 The Last Tour on Earth is a live album comprising recordings from Marilyn Manson's Mechanical Animals and Rock is Dead tours. On the studio version of The Dope Show Manson says that drugs are made in California but in the live version he says that drugs they say are made right here in Cleveland to a roar of crowd approval suggesting that the song was recorded in Cleveland Ohio.
 Lake Colac is situated to the north of the Colac town centre in Victoria Australia. The lake provides a home for the Yacht Club Rowing Club and water skiers during the summer months and has many birds. The foreshore has a playground boat ramp and the Colac Botanical Gardens. Midway through January 2009 the lake dried up after years of drought and the first time in 173 years.
 The large-eared oldfield mouse (Thomasomys macrotis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is known only from a single locality in the Andes in north central Peru (which includes Rio Abiseo National Park) in montane forest at an elevation of 3300 m. It has terrestrial habits and is sympatric with T. apeco.
 Victory and Peace is a 1918 British silent war film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Matheson Lang Marie Lohr and James Carew. The film was produced by the National War Aims Committee for propaganda reasons during the First World War. The screenplay was written by the novelist Hall Caine who was personally invited to do so by the Prime Minister David Lloyd George. Because the war ended the film never went on general release.
 Donja Dolina (Serbian: Доња Долина) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sędki [ˈsɛntki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Żychlin 25 km (16 mi) east of Kutno and 56 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Gourd of Xanth in Piers Anthony's Xanth series is the headquarters of the Night Stallion where nightmares are made.
 Post Mortem is the second album by the American heavy metal band Black Tide released on August 23 2011. The album was produced by John Wilbur and GGGarth. It is the band's first album to feature guitarist Austin Diaz after the departure of Alex Nuñez in 2008.
 The Equal Spirit is the second album by Taiwanese power metal band Seraphim. Released in Taiwan 2002 and 2003(English). This album is available in both Chinese and English.
 Best of the Blues Brothers is the fourth and final Blues Brothers album released before John Belushi's death in 1982. It is a compilation album released by Atlantic Records on November 30 1981.
 The Râul Putred is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
 The Judy Blume Diary is an activity book meant to be written in for approximately one year by aspiring writers. In 1981 Judy Blume created the book to finance her KIDS Fund which promotes communication between children and their parents.Each page contains a quote from various Judy Blume books such as Tiger Eyes Forever and Deenie. There are also a couple dozen black-and-white photographs of young adults all of which is meant to inspire the writer.
 Drag is the first full length album by the Red Aunts. It was released in 1993 on Sympathy for the Record Industry.
 The French Horn at Sonning is a luxury hotel and restaurant on the banks of the River Thames next to the Sonning Backwater Bridges (on the B478 road) at Sonning Eye Oxfordshire England.The speciality of the restaurant is duck roasted on a spit in front of the fire and there is an extensive wine list one of the most acclaimed in Britain with exceptional vintages of 1st Growth Claret. The restaurant has a panoramic view of the gardens and river Thames beyond.
 East Lynne is a 1925 film based on the famous story.
 Ocate Peak or the older name Ocate Crater is a volcano in Mora County northeastern New Mexico. It was a landmark on the old Santa Fe Trail before the development of the Cimarron Cutoff.Ocate Peak is located just southeast of the community of Ocate and State Road 120 passes just north of it.
 Lake Tåkern is a lake in Östergötland County Sweden. It is considered one of northern Europe's foremost bird lakes. It is 12 km (7.5 mi) long and 8 km (5 mi) wide with an average depth only 0.8 metres (2.6 ft). The lake lies around 20 km (12.4 mi) west of Mjölby bordering in the west to Omberg. The whole lake with the surrounding beaches has been a nature reserve since 1975.
 All Souls Alive is the second studio album by The Blackeyed Susans released in December 1993 on the independent record label Torn and Frayed and distributed by Shock Records.The album features ten tracks eight penned by Phil Kakulas and David McComb as well as the Leonard Cohen/Phil Spector classic Memories and a version of the Johnny Paycheck song Apartment No 9. All Souls Alive was released in America on Frontier Records in April 1994.
 Young Man with Ideas (1952) is a romantic-comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1952. It was directed by Mitchell Leisen and stars Ruth Roman and Glenn Ford.A young small-town lawyer played by Ford moves his family from the country to Los Angeles in the hope of passing the bar in California to ensure that his family can have a more prosperous lifestyle.
 For the musical notation see fermata.The Fermata (ISBN 9780679415862) is a 1994 novel by Nicholson Baker. It is about a man named Arno Strine who can stop time and uses this ability to embark on a series of sexual adventures.
 The Gruiu Lung River is a tributary of the Murguşa River in Romania.
 Benthochromis is a small genus of cichlid fish endemic to Lake Tanganyika in east Africa.
 Soul Kiss is the thirteenth studio album by Australian pop adult contemporary singer Olivia Newton-John which was released in October 1985. It made No. 11 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart and the Top 30 on the United States Billboard 200. The album was produced by long-time associate John Farrar who also co-wrote four tracks; the cover art includes photography of Newton-John by Helmut Newton and Herb Ritts.
 The River Cegidog (Welsh: Afon Cegidog) is a river in north-east Wales. It flows mainly through Flintshire but towards the end of its course it forms the border between Flintshire and Wrexham County Borough.Its source lies in the hills of southernmost Flintshire to the east of Rhydtalog village. It flows in a roughly north-easterly direction before turning south east through the villages of Llanfynydd and Ffrith where the Nant-y-Ffrith stream flows into it.
 Star is the debut album by the American band Belly. It was released in 1993 and was an unexpected success going gold in the USA. The single Feed the Tree became a #1 Modern Rock hit and the album was nominated for two Grammy Awards. Slow Dog peaked at #17 on the Modern Rock chart in the summer of 1993 while Gepetto peaked at #8 in the late fall/winter of 1993.[citation needed]The album and group received two 1994 Grammy Nomination's for Best Alternative Album and Best New Artist.
 The Windward Road: Adventures of a Naturalist on Remote Caribbean Shores was written by Archie Carr and originally published in 1956. It is an account of Dr. Carr's travels around the Caribbean to study sea turtles and their migratory and behavior patterns especially Kemp's ridley a species about which little was known at the time.
 Stellifer is a genus of fish in the family Sciaenidae the drums and croakers. It is found in New World waters. Many species are known commonly as stardrums.In the Americas this is one of the most diverse genera among the sciaenids. Its members can be found in the tropics and subtropics and in shallow and deeper waters.
 The Footballer's Wife is novel written by Kerry Katona. It is a follow up from her first novel Tough Love. It was released 3 April 2008. Originally called Rough Justice Ebury made a last minute change of name to The Footballer's Wife for undisclosed reasons.
 Průkopník svobody ('Pioneer of Freedom') was a Czech language newspaper published from Vienna Austria. Průkopník svobody appeared weekly between 1918 and 1926 and bi-weekly 1926-1929.
 Isabel is a 1968 Canadian film written directed and produced by Paul Almond.
 Šibovac is a village in Croatia.
 St John the Baptist's Church Smallbridge is in Halifax Road Smallbridge Rochdale Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the benefice of Wardle and Smallbridge the deanery of Rochdale the archdeaconry of Rochdale and the diocese of Manchester. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 Eupoecilia acrographa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland and New South Wales).
 Pierre Eugène Jean Pflimlin (French pronunciation: ​[pjɛʁ flimlɛ̃]; 5 February 1907 – 27 June 2000) was a French Christian democratic politician who served as the penultimate Prime Minister of the Fourth Republic for a few weeks in 1958 before being replaced by Charles de Gaulle during the crisis of that year.
 Saint Vincent Health System commonly known as simply St. Vincent's is medical facility located in Erie PA. It is one of the largest employers in the Erie region. The complex features several large buildings including an award winning heart attack heart care unit.
 Derk (Persian: درك‎) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District in the Central District of Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 15 families.
 South Hall built in 1873 is the oldest building on the campus of the University of California Berkeley and the only remaining building of the original campus.
 The Mountain Quarries Bridge near Auburn California United States spans the North fork of the American River. It is a concrete arch bridge that was built in 1912.
 'Yugoslavia in War 1941-1945(Serbian: Jugoslavija u ratu 1941-1945.) is a Radio Television of Serbia (RTS) documentary series first broadcast in the early 1990s. Covering the Yugoslav Front during World War II the documentary is notable for including many participants and eyewitnesses from the war as well as many notable Yugoslav British German Russian and Italian historians publicists and journalists.
 The Female American; or The Adventures of Unca Eliza Winkfield is a novel originally published in 1767 under the pseudonym of the main character/narrator Unca Eliza Winkfield and edited in recent editions by Michelle Burnham. The novel describes the adventures of a half-Native American half-English woman who is shipwrecked on an island.
 The Frank W. Thomas House is located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park Illinois United States. The building was designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1901 and cast in the Wright-developed Prairie School of Architecture. By Wright's own definition this was the first of the Prairie houses - the rooms are elevated and there is no basement. On September 14 1972 the Frank Thomas House was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Wellwater Conspiracy is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Wellwater Conspiracy. It was released on September 9 2003 through Megaforce Records.
 Dent's Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus denti) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Namibia South Africa and Zimbabwe. The bat's natural habitats are dry savanna caves and subterranean habitats.
 Travel Scholarships (French: Bourses de voyage) is an 1903 adventure novel by Jules Verne.
 Taqiabad (Persian: تقي اباد‎ also Romanized as Taqīābād) is a village in Qoroq Rural District Baharan District Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1912 in 481 families.
 Ray Paul Authement Sr. (born November 19 1928) is a retired university president who holds the national record for longevity as the head of a public university in the United States—34 years. From 1974 to 2008 he was the fifth president of the University of Louisiana at Lafayette formerly known as the University of Southwestern Louisiana in Lafayette Louisiana.
 Nationalities Papers is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Routledge for the Association for the Study of Nationalities. It publishes articles on nationalism minorities and ethnic conflict with a regional focus on Central and Eastern Europe the Balkans the former Soviet Union Turkey and Central Asia. The journal is interdisciplinary with authors from a variety of backgrounds including history political science sociology anthropology and literature.
 The Pondicherry shark (Carcharhinus hemiodon) is an extremely rare possibly extinct species of requiem shark family Carcharhinidae. A small and stocky gray shark it grows not much longer than 1 m (3.3 ft) and has a fairly long pointed snout. This species can be identified by the shape of its upper teeth which are strongly serrated near the base and smooth-edged near the tip and by its first dorsal fin which is large with a long free rear tip.
 The Little Emperors is a 1951 historical novel by the English author Alfred Duggan. The novel follows the speculative exploits of Caius Felix in the Roman-British province of Britannia Prima.
 The Kill Order is a 2012 children's novel by James Dashner and the prequel to his Maze Runner trilogy. The book was released on August 14 2012 through Delacorte Press and shows how the dystopian Earth came to be.Of the novel Dashner stated that he wanted to expand the world but not focus on the main characters of the main Maze Runner trilogy.
 Trout Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Trout Lake is situated in the Camas Valley and is 1.25 miles (2.01 km) southwest of Arrow Lake and 1 mile (1.6 km) northeast of Rogers Lake. Nearby mountains include Rogers Peak to the west. Trout Lake is a 7 miles (11 km) one way hike from the North Fork Road.
 Construction of Bjelke-Petersen Dam near Cherbourg in Queensland commenced in 1984 and finished in 1988. It created the lake that was named Lake Barambah after the original property in the region. The dam supplies water to the South Burnett region mostly for irrigation purposes.The dam wall is 540 m (1770 ft) long and rises 34 m (112 ft). The wall is an earth and rock fill structure with a central clay core which can hold back 134900 ML of water. The dam is generally shallow.
 Monte Ricco is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 330 metres.
 Chorny Volcano (Вулкан Чёрный - Black Volcano) is a stratovolcano situated in the central Kamchatka in Russia.
 Reynolds House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1895 and is a 2 1⁄2-story Shingle Style dwelling. The raised basement and first stories are of cobblestone and the second and third stories are shingled. It features a front porch with Tuscan order columns.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Franklin B. Hough House was the home of the father of American forestry Franklin Hough. Dr. Hough was a medical doctor scientist historian and the first chief of the United States Division of Forestry the predecessor of the United States Forest Service. Located in Lowville New York the Hough house is a brick Italianate mansion built in 1860. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1963 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.
 The Sleeping Car is a farce play in three parts by William Dean Howells first published in the United States in 1883. This play takes place entirely within a 24-hour period on a railway sleeping car and revolves around a woman's late night confusion regarding the premature appearance of her husband and brother.
 Mysterious Skin is a 2004 Dutch-American drama film directed by American filmmaker Gregg Araki who also wrote the screenplay based on Scott Heim's 1996 novel of the same name.
 CKM - is a men's magazine (shortened to English Cool Kind of Men Polish Czasopismo każdego mężczyzny Hungarian Céltudatos Kalandvágyó [Férfiak] Magazinja and Serbian Cice Kola Medvedi). The Polish title literally means Every Men's Magazine but read as an abbreviation (correct spelling: ckm in lower case) it also means ciężki karabin maszynowy (heavy machine gun).
 Prem Ki Duniya is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Joseph Henry Peeples Jr. (January 22 1914 – August 18 1988) known as Joe Henry Peeples Jr. was a Florida state legislator. He served in the Florida House of Representatives for Glades County for 22 years.Peeples was born in Zolfo Springs Florida in 1914 one of five children of Joseph Henry Peeples Sr. (1869–1942) and Sweet Hogan. His father known as Joe Henry Sr. served in the House of Representatives for Glades County from 1929 to 1934 and 1937 to 1941. Joe Henry Jr.
 Celebrate the Bullet is the second album by British ska band The Selecter. It was released in 1981 on Chrysalis Records after the band had left the 2 Tone label. It features the hit single The Whisper plus the rare 45 Celebrate The Bullet and a version of The Ethiopians Train To Skaville. Ian Dury and the Blockheads bassist Norman Watt-Roy played bass on the title track.
 Baptizm of Fire is a solo album by Judas Priest guitarist Glenn Tipton in 1997. It was recorded and mixed at Devonshire and Ocean Studios U.S.A. and Monnow Valley Battery Olympic and The Gazebo Studio U.K. Written and recorded in years 1994-1996 Management done by Bill Curbishley and Co-ordination done by Jayne Andrews.
 The Invincible (Polish: Niezwyciężony) is a science fiction novel written by Stanisław Lem and published in 1964.The Invincible originally appeared as the title story in Lem's collection Niezwyciężony i inne opowiadania (The Invincible and Other Stories).
 Ballads by Cobb is an album by saxophonist Arnett Cobb recorded in 1960 for the Moodville label.
 Ernophthora palassoptera is a species of snout moths in the genus Ernophthora. It was described by Clarke in 1986. It is found on the Marquesas Archipelago.
 Dinoponera lucida is a large queenless species of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae. The species endemic to Brazil is threatened by habitat destruction. Workers range from 27 to 30 mm in body length which is slightly larger than the related species Dinoponera australis but smaller than other large ants. Males are unknown.
 MacGillycuddy's Reeks (Irish: Na Cruacha Dubha meaning the black stacks) is a mountain range in County Kerry Republic of Ireland. Stretching slightly over 19 km (12 mi) it includes the highest peaks in Ireland and the only peaks on the island that are over 1000 metres (3300 ft). The highest of these is Carrauntoohil (1038 m) followed by Beenkeragh (1010 m) and Caher (1001 m). The range also includes many other Hewitts (peaks of over 2000 ft).
 Domaradzka Kuźnia [dɔmaˈrat͡ska ˈkuʑɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokój within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Pokój 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Namysłów and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 The William Livermore House is a historic First Period house at 271 Essex Street in Beverly Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story five bay colonial wood frame house that was built in stages. The oldest part of the house the right front was built c. 1700 along with the chimney. The left side was added early in the Second Period and a major addition was made to the rear adding another row of rooms and a new roof.
 Orlando Regional Medical Center (ORMC) is a 808-bed tertiary hospital in downtown Orlando Florida. It is part of the Orlando Health system.
 Lemonade for Vampires is the seventh and last album released by the band Gas Huffer on Estrus Records in 2005.
 Lay-e Mehdi (Persian: لاي مهدي‎ also Romanized as Lāy-e Mehdī) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chris Kapenga (February 19 1972) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.Kapenga graduated from Calvin College in 1994 with a degree in Accountancy. He was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010. He is the co-owner of a business in Brookfield called Integrated Time Systems. He currently serves as Vice Chair on the School Board at West Suburban Christian Academy and as Co-director for the Financial Counseling Ministry at Elmbrook Church.
 The Attic Expeditions (also known as Horror in the Attic) is a 2001 horror film starring Andras Jones and Seth Green with appearances by Alice Cooper and Ted Raimi.
 George William Crump (September 26 1786 – October 1 1848) was a member of the United States House of Representatives in the 19th United States Congress.
 The jungle palm squirrel jungle striped squirrel or western ghats squirrel (Funambulus tristriatus) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family.It is endemic to India.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and plantations.This species is tolerant to habitat changes and is common in tea plantations in western ghats.
 The Edificio Grassy is a building located in Gran Vía 1 in Madrid Spain.
 The Magic Pipe (Russian: Волше́бная свире́ль Volshebnaya svirel) is a 1998 Russian stop motion-animated feature film directed by Mikhail Tumelya. Work on the film started in 1993 and it was Russia's fifth feature-length animation to be released after the collapse of the Soviet Union (the first was Underwater Berets in 1991). Over 120 puppets were used in the film.
 Warężyn [vaˈrɛ̃ʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siewierz within Będzin County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Siewierz 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Będzin and 21 km (13 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 152.
 The Triumph of the Scarlet Pimpernel first published in 1922 is (chronologically) the last book in the series about the Scarlet Pimpernel's adventures by Baroness Orczy. Again Orczy interweaves historic fact with fiction this time through the real life figures of Thérésa Cabarrus and Jean-Lambert Tallien; inserting the Scarlet Pimpernel as an instigator of the role Tallien played in the Thermidorian Reaction in July 1794.
 Jordan Hall is a 1019-seat concert hall in Boston Massachusetts the principal performance space of the New England Conservatory. It is one block from Boston's Symphony Hall and together they are considered two of America's most acoustically perfect performance spaces. It is the only conservatory building in the United States to be designated a National Historic Landmark.The hall opened in 1903 as a gift of Eben D.
 Verona Rupes is a cliff on Miranda a moon of Uranus. The cliff face has been estimated to be from 5 kilometers (3 mi) to 10 kilometers (6.2 mi) high which makes it the tallest known cliff in the solar system.It may have been created by a major impact which caused the moon to disrupt and reassemble or by the crust rifting.
 Oscar is a French comedy of errors directed by Édouard Molinaro and starring Louis de Funès. In the movie Louis de Funès plays an industrialist named Bertrand Barnier who discovers over the course of a single day that his daughter is pregnant he has been robbed by an employee and various other calamities have befallen his household and his business.An English-language version of the movie was made in 1991 by John Landis under the same name and starring Sylvester Stallone.
 Manduca incisa is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Brazil and Bolivia.It is similar in appearance to several other members of the Manduca genus but a number of differences distinguish it from Manduca lefeburii to which it most closely compares particularly in the narrow black mesial line on the abdomen upperside the paler forewing upperside the somewhat more conspicuous distal costal mark and the more extended apical line.
 The Idici River is a tributary of the Cund River in Romania.
 The Kugaryuak River is located in the Canadian Arctic territory of Nunavut in the southwest Kitikmeot Region. It forks into two entities the Western Kugaryuak (67°46′N 114°25′W) and the Eastern Kugaryuak (67°43′N 113°17′W) and flows into Coronation Gulf.Arctic charr abound in the Kugaryuak.
 Bouwerie is a historic home located at Clermont in Columbia County New York. The house was built in 1762 and is a large two story patterned brick residence with a gambrel roof and rear frame wings. Also on the property are three interconnected barns.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Sunny 16 is the second of a three-EP series by Ben Folds. The EP includes one cover track Songs Of Love (written and performed originally by Neil Hannon's Divine Comedy on the 1996 album Casanova). The song Rock Star was co-written by his wife Frally Hynes-Folds.
 Delma molleri (commonly known as Gulfs delma olive legless lizard and patternless delma) is a small [the snout-vent length of the largest specimen measured 111 mm (4.4 in)] limbless lizard found in southern South Australia around the Adelaide Hills and pretty common in Adelaide suburbs. Delma molleri has been recorded from a variety of habitats ranging from grassland to woodland beneath rocks timber and rubbish.The nucleotide (DNA/RNA) and protein sequences of D.
 Remixes 81–04 is an album by British electronic music group Depeche Mode which was released on 25 October 2004.It was the band's first release since Daniel Miller's independent label Mute Records was acquired by industry major EMI in 2002. It features well-known remixes from the band's back catalog as well as previously unavailable mixes.There are three versions of Remixes 81–04. The main version has 2 CDs.
 Cafe Isobe (純喫茶磯辺 Junkissa Isobe) is a 2008 Japanese film directed by Keisuke Yoshida. It was in the Narrative Feature Competition at the 2008 Hawaii International Film Festival.
 The Frisco Depot (Frisco being a common shortening of the St. Louis – San Francisco Railway) in Fayetteville Arkansas is a railroad depot built in 1925. The last passenger trains left Frisco Depot in 1965 and starting in 2011 the depot's interior housed a Chipotle Mexican Grill. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 8 1988.
 Donji Srebrenik is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 Melieria nigritarsis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Melieria of the family Ulidiidae.
 Muhammad Yusuf Abdullah Haroon (Urdu: یوسف ہارون) was a politician from Sindh Pakistan. The eldest of Sir Haji Abdullah Haroon’s sons he worked closely with Quaid-e-Azam as his ADC and was active in the Pakistan Movement. Yusuf Haroon was a witness to All-India Muslim League’s 25th session in Allahabad in 1930.A seasoned politician Yusuf’s involvement in politics spanned nearly seven decades.
 John P. Kelly is the debut solo album from member of The Lost Boyz and rapper Mr. Cheeks. It contains the hit single Lights Camera Action!.
 Çakırlı is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the southern slopes of the Taurus Mountains. The distance to Tarsus is 24 kilometres (15 mi) and the distance to Mersin is 45 kilometres (28 mi). The population of Çakırlı is 877 as of 2011. Grapes are the most important agricultural product of the village
 Cliff Richard's second album Cliff Sings was released in November 1959 and reached No. 2 in his native the UK album chart despite not including Living Doll Richard's first #1 single.
 Vive en mí (English: Live in me) is the ninth studio album by the Mexican pop singer Mijares. This album was released on August 9 1994. It was produced by Oscar López and recorded in New York. The album includes some covers of Italian songs and some famous songwriters provides his themes like Pablo Milanés Lolita de la Colina Renato Mares Luis Gomez Escolar and Gerardo Flores.[1]
 Guadalupe Murrelet (Synthliboramphus hypoleucus) is a small seabird found in the California Current system in the Pacific Ocean. This auk breeds on islands off California and Mexico. It is threatened by predators introduced to its breeding colonies and by oil spills[citation needed].This species together with the Scripps's Murrelet were considered conspecific and were known collectively as Xantus's Murrelet until 2012.
 A forthcoming novel and the eighth book of the Outlander series by best-selling author Diana Gabaldon Written In My Own Heart's Blood continues the love story of Claire Beauchamp (Randall) and Jamie Fraser which was introduced in Outlander the first book of the series.In September 2011 Dr. Gabaldon announced the title for the new novel. It continues the story arcs of multiple characters from An Echo In The Bone the seventh novel of the Outlander books.
 Kong the Untamed is a comic book series published by DC Comics that ran for five issues. It was created in 1975 by writer Jack Oleck and artist Alfredo Alcala.The title character Kong is an intelligent caveman who is a direct descendant of Anthro another DC Comics caveman character.
 Immaterial is a collection of horror stories by Australian horror writer Robert Hood. Immaterial collects fifteen tales featuring ghosts and grue in plenty aptly demonstrating his range of concerns and effects.
 Parley Hunt House is a historic home listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Bunkerville Nevada United States.
 Pilsen Plaza (Czech: Plzeň Plaza) is a 20000-square-metre (220000-square-foot) shopping mall and entertainment center in Plzeň Czech Republic.
 Feminist Africa is a peer-reviewed academic journal that addresses feminist topics from an African continental perspective. It is published by the African Gender Institute (University of Cape Town). Its founding editor-in-chief is Amina Mama (Mills College and University of California Davis). It was accredited in 2005 by the South African Department of Education. This allows authors publishing in the journal to collect publication subsidy.
 Gilles Fortin (born February 8 1946 in Montreal Quebec) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec who represented the riding of Marguerite-Bourgeoys in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1984 to 1989.
 The River is the fifth studio album by Bruce Springsteen. The album was released on October 17 1980. Rolling Stone ranked it at number 253 on their list of the greatest albums of all time.
 The Attitude series of books is a series of anthologies of alternative comics photos and artists' interviews edited by Universal Press Syndicate editorial cartoonist Ted Rall. The books were designed by J. P. Trostle news editor of EditorialCartoonists.com. Two sequels and three spin-off titles have been published to date.
 Potamonautes platynotus is a species of freshwater crab which is endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is the only freshwater crab outside the genus Platythelphusa. Although primarily aquatic P. platynotus is sometimes seen out of water and can survive for many hours without water.
 Insect and Individual Silenced was the fourth album by Nurse With Wound.The album was recorded in 1981 with core member Steven Stapleton being joined by drummer Trevor Reidy and J. G. Thirlwell of Foetus for the track Absent Old Queen Underfoot. Reidy and Thirlwell worked in the same Virgin store in London at the time and met Stapleton there. The album however is best known for Stapleton's long held disregard of its contents.
 Throwed in da Game is the second album by southern rapper Fat Pat. Fat Pat has said that the singles Dirty South and I'm A Slicka were inspired by author James Baldwin's semi-autobiographical novel Go Tell It On The Mountain. Allmusic gave the album three stars noting that its derivative beats were offset by Fat Pat's deft rhymes. In a December 2000 Sports Illustrated interview New York Jets wide receiver Keyshawn Johnson asserted that Throwed In Da Game was his favorite rap album.
 The Stomner House on 3rd St. NE in Mayville North Dakota was built in 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.It's significant for its architecture and for its association with the Ellertson and Stomner families.
 John Browne (born 1 August 1948) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He has been a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Wexford constituency since 1982. He is a former Minister of State. His most recent role was as Minister of State with special responsibility for Fisheries at the Department of Agriculture Fisheries and Food (2007–2008).
 Miroslav Lajčák (born on 20 March 1963 in Poprad Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak diplomat and currently the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Slovakia. He is also serving as Deputy Prime Minister.
 The Cerulean Paradise Flycatcher (Eutrichomyias rowleyi) is a medium-sized (up to 18 cm long) blue flycatcher with bright cerulean blue plumage a bare white orbital ring dark brown iris bluish black bill and pale blue-grey below. The young has a shorter tail and grey underparts. It is the only member of the monotypic genus Eutrichomyias.The Cerulean Paradise Flycatcher is endemic to the island of Sangihe off North Sulawesi in Indonesia.
 Aurora in Four Voices is a short science fiction novella written by Catherine Asaro and published in December 1998. It is part of the Skolian Empire series and was originally published in Analog Science Fiction and Fact.
 Initiate's Trial is volume nine of the Wars of Light and Shadow by Janny Wurts. It is the first volume of the fourth story arc Sword of the Canon in the Wars of Light and Shadow epic series. Destiny's Conflict is projected to be the second and concluding novel in this arc.
 The Valea lui Moise River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
 Glass Floor was the first full length album by the indie pop group Maritime. It was the follow-up to the Adios EP which contained five tracks. The songs on this album range from acoustic ballads (Lights) to fast acoustic driven songs (James) as well as heartfelt love songs (I'm Not Afraid) and fast poppy tunes (Adios) which was on the Adios EP.
 The Garret Lydecker House is located in Englewood Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1808 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 9 1983.
 Functional Materials Letters is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed journal published by World Scientific with articles relating to the synthesis behavior characterization and application of functional materials. These are materials designed to respond to changes in their environments. Topics covered include ferroelectric magneto-optical sustainable energy and shape memory materials.
 Beaufort Historic District is a historic district in Beaufort South Carolina. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969 and further was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.The historic district is renowned for its impressive collection of antebellum architecture that reflect the Federal neoclassical and Greek revival styles that were popular during the interwar period along with the widespread use of tabby.
 Beerichthys ingens is an extinct prehistoric bony fish that was a member of the Ypresian London Clay fauna of lower Eocene England.It is known only from a series of incomplete skulls. When originally described in 1966 B. ingens was placed in a monotypic family Beerichthyidae within Iniomi. Later more (also incomplete) skulls were studied by Colin Patterson who determined that the fish was a louvar.
 Zevar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Poirt an Phiobaire is a 1983 solo release by uillean piper and whistle player Paddy Keenan.
 Matsuura Takanobu (松浦 隆信 1529 – April 1 1599) or Taqua Nombo was a 16th-century Japanese samurai and 25th hereditary lord of the Matsuura clan of Hirado.
 Witunia [viˈtuɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Więcbork 10 km (6 mi) south of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 700.
 Honi Soit is a 1981 album by John Cale. All songs were written by Cale except Streets Of Laredo a traditional song arranged by Cale.Andy Warhol suggested the album should be called John and Yoko and provided the cover art in black and white but against Warhol's wishes Cale colorized it.
 Suzhou River (Chinese: 苏州河; pinyin: Sūzhōu Hé) is a 2000 film by Lou Ye about a tragic love story set in contemporary Shanghai. The film though stylistically distinct is typical of Sixth Generation Chinese filmmakers in its subject matter of contemporary China's gritty urban experience. The film stars Zhou Xun in a dual role as two different women and Jia Hongsheng as a man obsessed with finding a woman from his past.
 Pseudobazisa is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The Pine Bank Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Studa Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic bridge by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 Paragoniaeola tanycephala is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Paragoniaeola of the family Ulidiidae.
 European Transactions on Telecommunications is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of information technology and telecommunications.
 Diago is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains 7 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 3269. The village of Diago is 10 km northwest the town of Kati the chef-lieu of the cercle.
 Poederoijen is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is a part of the municipality of Zaltbommel and lies about 9 km southeast of Gorinchem.Poederoijen was a separate municipality until 1955 when it was merged with Brakel.In 2001 the village of Poederoijen had 398 inhabitants.
 Stagehand (foaled 1935 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who is the only horse to ever win the Santa Anita Handicap as a three-year-old.
 Jiříkov German: Girsig is a village and municipality in Bruntál District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. The cadastral territory covers an area of 35.28 km² and as of 2006 it had a population of 304.
 Jean-François Roberge is a Canadian politician in Quebec who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2014 election. He represents the electoral district of Chambly as a member of the Coalition Avenir Québec.He was also the party's candidate in Vachon in the 2012 election.Prior to his election to the legislature Roberge was an elementary school teacher as well as a regular commentator on education issues for TVA's morning talk show Deux filles le matin.
 Hermonassa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Carpenter Bridge is a historic bridge on Carpenter Street in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The bridge was built in 1873 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Anthophila abhasica is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from Germany the Czech Republic Austria Slovakia Serbia and Montenegro Romania Ukraine Georgia and Azerbaijan.
 Mount Judge Howay originally the Snow Peaks (a term which included Mount Robie Reid) is a distinctive twin summit located 10 km (6 mi) from the Central Fraser Valley and close up the north end of Stave Lake. Being one of the highest peaks in the region it is visible from many of the peaks around Vancouver British Columbia. It is on the eastern side of Golden Ears Provincial Park.
 Cache Creek is an 87-mile-long (140 km) stream in Lake Colusa and Yolo counties California. Cache Creek starts at the outlet of Clear Lake. It has two main tributaries: North Fork (starting in the Mendocino National Forest north of Clear Lake and dammed by the Indian Valley Reservoir); and Bear Creek (starting in Bear Valley). The Capay Diversion Dam west of Capay diverts water for distribution throughout Yolo County using a network of canals.
 David Richard Cunliffe HFIITP (born 1963) is a New Zealand politician and leader of the New Zealand Labour Party. He is the sitting member of parliament for New Lynn West Auckland.
 Barnen från Frostmofjället is a 1945 Swedish film directed by Rolf Husberg. It is based on the novel with the same name by Laura Fitinghoff.
 The Chircești River is a tributary of the Vasluieţ River in Romania.
 The Șugăul Mic River is a headwater of the Şugău River in Romania.
 Essigberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Henry Ford II (September 4 1917 – September 29 1987) sometimes known as HF2 or Hank the Deuce was the oldest son of Edsel Ford and oldest grandson of Henry Ford. He was president of the Ford Motor Company from 1945 to 1960 chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) from 1960 to 1979 and chairman for several months thereafter. Notably under the leadership of Henry Ford II Ford Motor Company became a publicly traded corporation in 1956.
 The Three Clever Kings is a children’s fairytale from the anthology The Necklace of Princess Fiorimonde that was written by Mary De Morgan. The story was illustrated by Walter Crane first published by MacMillan & CO. in 1886 and later published in a collection called The Necklace of Princess Fiorimonde – The Complete Fairy Stories of Mary De Morgan by Victor Gollancz Limited in 1963.
 Hoseynabad-e Kamal al Malek (Persian: حسين ابادكمال الملك‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kamāl āl Maleḵ; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Kamāl) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 10 families.
 Public Not Admitted (Czech: S vyloučením veřejnosti) is a 1933 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 Microrthosia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 This article is about South Mountain of New Haven County Connecticut. For other mountains by the same name see South Mountain (disambiguation)South Mountain 767 ft (234 m) is a prominent traprock peak in the Hanging Hills of Meriden Connecticut. Rugged and scenic the peak rises steeply above the city of Meriden 400 ft (122 m) below and is characterized by its vertical cliffs and sweeping views of southern Connecticut and Long Island Sound.
 Schwartziella similiter is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae.
 The Sydney Opera House is a multi-venue performing arts centre in Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 Różanka-Dwór [ruˈʐanka ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Nochówko [nɔˈxufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Śrem and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Sandwich Range is located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States north of the Lakes Region and south of the Kancamagus Highway. Although the range is not outstanding for its elevation it is very rugged and has excellent views of the surrounding lakes mountains and forests.The Sandwich Range extends east-west about 30 miles from Conway New Hampshire on the Saco River to Campton on the Pemigewasset River.
 Malavita is a 1951 Italian film.
 General in Chief Gustavo Rangel Briceño (* Maracaibo 1956 - ) is a Venezuelan Military Officer. He was Minister of Defense from January 2008 to March 2009.He was born in the city of Maracaibo on 16 August 1956. He graduated from the Venezuelan Academy of Military Sciences in 1978 and has a degree on Mechanical Engineering in which he achieve the cum laude distinction.
 Fabyan Villa was the home of George and Nelle Fabyan from c. 1908 to 1939. The house is notable because of its remodelling in 1907 by Frank Lloyd Wright. It was the centerpiece of the Fabyans country estate which they named Riverbank. The Kane County Forest Preserve District of Illinois purchased the majority of the Fabyan estate in 1939 and operated the Fabyan's home as a museum off and on beginning in 1940.
 Millennium Bailey's Hotel formerly Bailey's Hotel is a historic hotel in the Kensington district of London. The postal address is 140 Gloucester Road but the main entrance is on Courtfield Road opposite Gloucester Road tube station. It was established in 1876 and named after its original owner Sir James Bailey (1840-1910) Member of Parliament.
 Neyzar (Persian: ني زار‎ also Romanized as Neyzār; also known as Neyār and Nīza) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Xyletobius marmoratus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Reheated Cabbage is a collection of short stories by Scottish writer Irvine Welsh. It was released in the United Kingdom in July 2009.The collection is made up of rare works previously published in magazines and out-of-print anthologies including a Christmas dinner with Trainspotting's psychotic Francis Begbie science fiction tale The Rosewell Incident and a story following Terry Juice Lawson in Florida.
 Lac qui Parle is a reservoir located in western Minnesota United States which was formed by the damming of the Minnesota River. The dam was built by the Works Progress Administration in 1939. It was reconstructed in 1996. The dam was built by the Works Progress Administration (WPA). Lac qui Parle is a French translation of the native Dakota name meaning lake which speaks.The northernmost point of the lake is about 3 miles southeast of the city of Appleton.
 Titanio venustalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Greece and the Republic of Macedonia.
 Be Like Others (also known as Transsexual in Iran) is a 2008 documentary film written and directed by Tanaz Eshaghian about transsexuals in Iran. It explores issues of gender and sexual identity while following the personal stories of some of the patients at a Tehran gender reassignment clinic. The film played at the Sundance Film Festival and the Berlin International Film Festival winning three awards.
 Leucoptera puerariella is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshu Kyushu).The wingspan is 4–5 millimetres (0.16–0.20 in). Adults are on wing from the end of July and again from May. There are two to three generations per year.The larvae feed on Pueraria lobata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of an upper surface irregular blotch expanding along the leaf margin or vein. It is pale greenish-brown.
 Africa Mining Intelligence is a specialist publication for the mining industry in Africa. It has been published fortnightly by Paris-based news group Indigo Publications since 2000.Africa Mining Intelligence covers the mining business reporting on deals in the sector the business strategies of the key players and on the policies of governments and state-owned mining companies.
 Czechoslovakia 1968 is a 1969 short documentary film about the Prague Spring the Russian invasion of Czechoslovakia. The film was produced by the United States Information Agency under the direction of Robert M.
 Dry Cleaning Ray is a mini-album released by British Art rock band No-Man. It was intended to be a companion release to Wild Opera album compiling reinterpretations and original songs stemming from the Wild Opera sessions.
 The West Pennine Moors cover an area of approximately 90 square miles (230 km2) of moorland and reservoirs in Lancashire and Greater Manchester England.The West Pennine Moors are separated from the main Pennine range by the Irwell Valley. The moorland includes Withnell Anglezarke and Rivington Moors in the extreme west Darwen and Turton Moors Oswaldtwistle Moors and Holcombe Moors. These moors are lower in height than the main spine of the South Pennines.
 George S. Myers (April 21 1881 – May 9 1940) was a Democratic lawyer from Cleveland Ohio in the United States who served in all three branches of the Ohio state government. He served two terms in the Ohio House of Representatives two terms as Ohio Secretary of State and finished his life as a judge on the Ohio Supreme Court.
 Welcome to Me is an upcoming American comedy film directed by Shira Piven and written by Eliot Laurence. The film stars Will Ferrell Kristen Wiig James Marsden Linda Cardellini and Wes Bentley.
 The Hound That Thought He Was a Raccoon is a 1960 Walt Disney film directed by Tom McGowan.Mala a female raccoon lives with her cubs inside an old tree in the South. During a flood caused by an intense storm the tree collapses and Mala is able to save only one of her cubs Weecha. Nearby Jeff Emory a backwoods Mr. Fix It owns a pack of coonhounds and recently Lulubelle his prime female has had a litter of pups. Nubbin is the most active pup and frequently explores the farmyard.
 Covered in Gas is the debut album by Evil Cowards. It was released in 2009. A music video for Love Pigs was released on YouTube via Fall On Your Sword's official account.
 Akawaio penak is a species of bluntnose knifefish native to the upper Mazaruni River Guyana. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Public School No. 13 is a historic school building located at Yonkers Westchester County New York. It was built in 1900 with additions in 1905 and 1910. It is a 3½-story asymmetrical steel- and wood-frame building in a Neoclassical style. It has stone brick and structural clay tile walls. It has an interlocking pyramidal roof clad in polychromatic slate tiles and punctuated by large dormers.
 Attel is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Rock 'n' Roll High School is a 1979 musical comedy film produced by Roger Corman directed by Allan Arkush and starring P. J. Soles Vince Van Patten and Clint Howard. The film featured the punk rock group The Ramones.
 Double Bummer is a double-LP by Bongwater which was released in 1988. The four-sided album contained songs about people ranging from Frank Sinatra David Bowie Ronald Reagan and a Cantonese version of Led Zeppelin's Dazed and Confused. Music videos for the songs Lesbians Of Russia and Jimmy were directed by Jim Spring and Jens Jurgensen.
 Shul (Persian: شول‎ also Romanized as Shūl) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 94 in 21 families.
 The Masonic Temple in Evansville Indiana USA is a building from 1913. It was designed by the local architects Shopbell & Company in Classical Revival style. The lodge building once hosted three separately chartered masonic lodges: Evansville Lodge (No. 64) Reed Lodge (No. 316) and Lessing Lodge (No. 464). The building measures 72 x 104 feet with four stories above ground and a basement.
 One Morning In May is a solo jazz guitar album by Bucky Pizzarelli of jazz standards released in 2001 by Arbors Records.
 The Passo Fedaia is a mountain pass traversed by a paved road in the Dolomiti Range in Northern Italy. It lies at the northern base of the Marmolada the highest peak in the region and the Dolomiti. It is known for its beauty for Lago Fedaia and for its use in the Giro d'Italia. It was also used as a location for the film Italian Job. It is the site of the Passo Fedaia and Marmolada Gletscher ski areas.
 The Butcher Boy is a 1917 short comedy film starring Roscoe Fatty Arbuckle and Buster Keaton. This was the first in Arbuckle's series of films with the Comique Film Corporation and Keaton's film debut.
 Anticipation is the second studio album by pianist Josh Nelson. It was released in 2004.
 For other uses of the term Bande Mataram see Bande Mataram (disambiguation).The Bande Mataram was an English language newspaper founded in 1905 by Bipin Chandra Pal and later edited by Sri Aurobindo. It was first published on 6 August 1906.
 Niestronno [ɲesˈtrɔnnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Mogilno and 48 km (30 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Runwell Hospital was a hospital in Essex operated by South Essex Partnership University NHS Foundation Trust until its final closure on 23 April 2010. From February 2008 until its closure Runwell Hospital provided solely forensic mental health services in line with the trust's reprovision programme.
 Scotorythra metacrossa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Oahu.Larvae feed on Acacia koa.
 The Conscience of the Rich is the seventh published of C. P. Snow's series of novels Strangers and Brothers but the third according to the internal chronology. It details the lives of Charles Katherine and their father Leonard March a wealthy Jewish family. Lewis Eliot narrates the story of the conflicting politics of wealth and pre-World War 2 socialism in England.
 Ezhikkara is a panchayat in Paravur Taluk of Ernakulam District Kerala. The North Paravur - Chathanad road (9 km) passes through this village. Ezhikkara is situated close to Ernakulam. Ezhikkara is famous for its pokkali (a type of rice) fields and prawn farms.
 Pseudodrephalys is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Kazor is a village in Mangan subdivision North Sikkim district Sikkim India. The Ministry of Home Affairs has given it a geographical code of 260872.
 †'Partula raiatensis was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species was endemic to French Polynesia. It is now extinct.
 John Poynder Dickson-Poynder 1st Baron Islington GCMG GBE DSO PC (31 October 1866 – 6 December 1936) born John Poynder Dickson and known as Sir John Poynder Dickson(-Poynder) from 1884 to 1910 was a British politician. He was Governor of New Zealand between 1910 and 1912.
 Cosmosoma ladan is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1896. It is found in Panama.
 Vallakottai is a 2010 Tamil action film directed by A. Venkatesh. A remake of the successful 2007 Malayalam Mammootty-starrer Mayavi the film features Arjun in the lead role and released on November 5 2010.This film opened with decent reviews and became a moderate success among 2010 Deepavali releases and was released along with Uthamaputhiran and Mynaa. It has been dubbed in Hindi as Main Hoon Akela : The One and Only.
 Superman and Spider-Man is an intercompany comic book jointly published by DC Comics and Marvel Comics in July 1981. Number 28 (and final) in the Marvel Treasury Edition series it is the sequel to 1976's Superman vs. the Amazing Spider-Man.
 Žena bez imena is the second studio album of Serbian pop singer Vlado Georgiev which was released in 2003.
 Artem'ev is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. The rim of this crater has been modified by subsequent impacts in the vicinity with an inward bulge along the southwest edge and a worn impact lying across the north rim. The satellite crater Artem'ev G is partly overlain by the southeast rim of Artem'ev. The crater interior is relatively flat and marked only by tiny craterlets.The crater Tsander lies to the southwest of Artem'ev.
 The Greatest Jazz Concert in the World is a 1967 live album featuring Duke Ellington and his orchestra Ella Fitzgerald Oscar Peterson T-Bone Walker Coleman Hawkins Clark Terry and Zoot Sims. It was released in 1975.Billy Strayhorn's Blood Count was debuted at the Carnegie Hall concert featured on the album. This was Strayhorn's last composition he died a few months after the piece was recorded.
 Koszyce Małe [kɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnów within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 1680.
 Force Heretic: Remnant (also released as Force Heretic I: Remnant) is the first novel in a three-part story by Sean Williams and Shane Dix. Published and released in 2003 it is the seventeenth installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars galaxy.
 The Northern Bobwhite Virginia Quail or (in its home range) Bobwhite Quail (Colinus virginianus) is a ground-dwelling bird native to the United States Mexico and the Caribbean. It is a member of the group of species known as New World quails (Odontophoridae).They were initially placed with the Old World quails in the pheasant family (Phasianidae) but are not particularly closely related. The name bobwhite derives from its characteristic whistling call.
 Prionovolva brevis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Islands in the Stream (1970) is the first of the posthumously published works of Ernest Hemingway. The book was originally intended to revive Hemingway’s reputation after the negative reviews of Across the River and Into the Trees. He began writing it in 1950 and advanced greatly through 1951. The work rough but seemingly finished was found by Mary Hemingway from among 332 different works Hemingway left behind after his death.
 The Cubuy River (Naguabo Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Harold F. Mowery Jr. (January 4 1930 – March 3 2014) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate. He also represented the 87th legislative district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1977 to 1990.Mowery graduated from Mechanicsburg High School. He graduated from Dickinson College with degrees in economics and psychology before entering the insurance business in 1954.
 Jerky Boys 3 is the third comedy album by prank call artists the Jerky Boys. The album was released on August 20 1996 and was the first Jerky Boys album released on the Mercury Records label.In 1995 prior to the release of this album the Jerky Boys took a year off before signing with Mercury Records and recording this album. Also it was the first time they had added responses to ads they had put in the paper.
 Caesar: Let the Dice Fly is the fifth historical novel in Colleen McCullough's Masters of Rome series.
 Rzędziszowice [ʐɛnd͡ʑiʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Janet Margaret Mitchell (born 15 November 1952 Coatbridge) is a Scottish Conservative politician and has been a Member of the Scottish Parliament for Central Scotland since 2003.
 Troublesome Wives is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Eric Bransby Williams Mabel Poulton and Lilian Oldland. It was based on the play Summer Lightning by Ernest Denny. Two housewives become embroiled with a foreign spy network.
 The Mardot Antique Shop was a historic commercial building in the Columbia-Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1889 it was a weatherboarded structure with a slate roof and built on a stone foundation. Three stories tall the building was a simple rectangle two bays by three and it featured a simple symmetrical facade with a cast iron front and many windows.
 Turn It On! is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1971 and released on the Prestige label. The album features Stitt using the varitone an electronic amplification device which altered the saxophone's sound.
 Hum Tum Shabana is a 2011 Indian comedy and romance film. It stars Tusshar Kapoor Shreyas Talpade and Minissha Lamba in lead roles.
 Absolute Ego is the fourth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Aco released on December 15 1999.Absolute Ego incorporates Aco's signature soul sound with the leanings of the more experimental electronic style she adopts for her next two studio albums.Track 5 is a cover of the song Black Maybe written by Stevie Wonder and performed by Syreeta.
 The Repedea River or Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Jigyaasa released on 10 March 2006 was directed by Faisal Saif. It was called the year's most controversial feature film and was based on the life of Indian sex goddess Mallika Sherawat. This film marked a big change in Hrishitaa Bhatt's career as it was her first titular role. Though Indian critics did not appreciate the film it commanded a decent share at the box office.
 The Chappell House in Cedar Creek South Carolina was built in 1830. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.The listing includes five contributing buildings.
 Mangu is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County on the island of Hiiumaa Estonia.
 Sar Galu-ye Sar Asiab (Persian: سرگلوي سراسياب‎ also Romanized as Sar Galū-ye Sar Āsīāb; also known as Sar Galū’īyeh and Sar Kalū) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 11 families.
 Bukovac is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 First Congregational Church and Society of Volney also known as Bristol Hill Church Congregational United Church of Christ is a historic Congregational church located at Volney in Oswego County New York. It is a frame vernacular Federal style structure built in 1832-1835. It is a two story structure rectangular in plan 40 feet wide and 54 feet deep. A tower extends from the center of its facade. Except for the loss of its bell the church is in virtually original condition.
 Mike Ritze is an American politician from the state of Oklahoma. A Republican Ritze serves as a member of the Oklahoma House of Representatives representing the 80th district.Ritze sponsored a bill in 2009 to have a monument to the Ten Commandments installed at the Oklahoma State Capitol. His family supplied $10000 to fund the monument which was installed in 2012.
 The Calapooya Mountains are a mountain range in Lane and Douglas counties of southwestern Oregon in the United States. The range runs for approximately 60 miles (97 km) west from the Cascade Range between Eugene on the north and Roseburg on the south.
 Gill is a lunar crater that is located near the southeastern limb of the Moon. Due to its proximity to the edge of the Moon as seen from the Earth this crater is viewed nearly from the side and it can become hidden from sight due to libration. The crater lies to the southwest of the irregular Mare Australe and southeast of the prominent crater Pontécoulant.
 105 Campestre Torre A is the tallest of the three towers in the Campestre Complex its located in the Northern Escalon Area in the city of San Salvador. Currently is among the tallest building structures in the country of El Salvador. This tower was designed and built by Inversiones Bolivar.
 Hampden County Courthouse is a historic courthouse on Elm Street in Springfield Massachusetts designed by Henry Hobson Richardson. This was the county's second courthouse. The first courthouse was built in 1822 but by the 1860s popular pressure was developing for a new courthouse. A grand jury indicted the county commissioners in 1869 for official misconduct since the courthouse did not have fireproof storage for the registry of deeds and the safekeeping of public records.
 S. Sharma (born 24 October 1954) is an Indian politician and social worker. He is the Ex Minister for Fisheries registration and Harbour Engineering in the Government of Kerala and a member of Kerala State Committee of Communist Party of India (Marxist). He represents the Vypeen constituency Ernakulam district in the Kerala Legislative Assembly. He also served as Minister for Electricity and Co-operation in the 10th Kerala Legislative Assembly.ex chairman smartcity cochi.
 Meridian Manor is an historic structure located in the Columbia Heights neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of Washington D.C. George T. Santmyers designed the structure in the Colonial Revival style. It exemplifies the speculative middle class apartment buildings that were constructed in Washington in the 1910s and 1920s near the 14th Street streetcar line. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Bring on the Night is a 1985 documentary film directed by Michael Apted focusing on the jazz-inspired project and band led by the British musician Sting during the early stages of his solo career. Some of the songs whose recording sessions are featured in the film appeared on his debut solo album The Dream of the Blue Turtles. Each musician in the band through the course of the film is interviewed.
 Acygonia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lactophrys is a genus of boxfishes native to the western Atlantic Ocean.
 Nashrud Kol (Persian: نشرودكل‎ also Romanized as Nashrūd Kol and Nashrood Kal; also known as Nushrudkul) is a village in Sangar Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1304 in 322 families.
 Miranda Van Eetvelde (born 24 September 1959 in Zele) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. She was elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010.
 Khurshid Mahmud Kasuri (Urdu: خورشيد محمود قصورى; b. 18 June 1941) is a Pakistani senior foreign service statesman politician and diplomat who as the Minister of Foreign Affairs from November 2002 until November 2007.Hailing from a political family Kasuri joined the Foreign service in 1960s and played a crucial role in the foreign politics of East-Pakistan in 1970s where he became noted for his diplomatic skills although he became aware of atrocities committed by Pakistan's authorities.
 Conus alabaster is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Quasirhabdochaeta is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Lankar of Callisto is a science fiction novel written by Lin Carter the sixth in his Callisto series. It was first published in paperback by Dell Books in June 1975. It is noted for the author writing himself into the story.
 The Chosen One is a young adult novel written by Carol Lynch Williams. It was published on May 12 2009 by St. Martin's Press. The story is told from the perspective of Kyra Carlson the protagonist and focuses on how she deals with living in a polygamist society.
 Pony Express is a 1953 American western film directed by Jerry Hopper and starring Charlton Heston as Buffalo Bill Forrest Tucker as Wild Bill Hickok Jan Sterling as a Calamity Jane type character and Rhonda Fleming that was filmed in Kanab Utah. The story is largely based on the 1925 silent film The Pony Express and tells a highly fictionalized account of the formation of the Pony Express rapid transcontinental mail delivery pioneers in 1860’s United States.
 The Insect Woman (충녀 - Chungnyeo) is a 1972 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.
 Cheonjibong (Gangwon-do) is a mountain of South Korea. It has an altitude of 1087 metres
 Little Yellow Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country and wholly in the Pisgah National Forest. Its elevation reaches 5504 feet (1677 m) it is on the border between Avery and Mitchell counties.
 The Kunlun Mountains (simplified Chinese: 昆仑山; traditional Chinese: 崑崙山; pinyin: Kūnlún Shān; Wade–Giles: K'un1-lun2 Shan1 pronounced [kʰu̯ə́nlu̯ə̌n ʂán]; Mongolian: Хөндлөн Уулс Hundlun) are one of the longest mountain chains in Asia extending more than 3000 km.
 Flight of the Living Dead: Outbreak on a Plane is a 2007 zombie film by director Scott Thomas. Thomas co-wrote the screenplay with Mark Onspaugh and Sidney Iwanter. The film was originally titled Plane Dead but the title was changed at Montreal's 2007 Fantasia Festival screening; however in spite of a successful screening there and at other festivals the film did not gain a commercial release and was issued directly to DVD in unrated form.
 The Berwyn Route 66 Museum is a small not-for-profit facility located in Berwyn Illinois that documents the history of the former U.S. Route 66.
 Wilsons River a perennial river and part of the Richmond River catchment is situated in the Northern Rivers district of New South Wales Australia.
 Tip Toes is a 1927 British silent film comedy-drama directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Dorothy Gish and Will Rogers. The film is a loose adaptation of the stage musical Tip-Toes with the action transferred from Florida to London.
 Euhygia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 St Mary's Church Hartwell is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Hartwell Buckinghamshire England. It is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is now ruined and stands in the grounds of Hartwell House to the north of the A418 road.
 Alfonso E. Lenhardt represented the United States as Ambassador to Tanzania from 2009-2013. He was chosen as the US representative to the East African Community since 2010. He left his post in October of 2013.
 Trigonostoma nitidum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Fusinus zacae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Novi Mikanovci is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D46 highway.
 Frontal Assault is the third album by British heavy metal band Angel Witch. The album was released in 1986 through Killerwatt Records. This is the first Angel Witch record featuring Spencer Hollman on drums.
 The Moji-Mirim River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Throwing Copper is the second album by American alternative rock band Live released on April 19 1994 on former MCA Records subsidiary Radioactive Records. It was produced by Jerry Harrison of Talking Heads and was recorded at Pachyderm Recording Studio. To date the album has sold over eight million copies in the United States.
 That's My Word is the tenth album released by rapper Keak da Sneak. It was released on September 13 2005 for Rah Records. The single Super Hyphy made it to #40 on the Billboard's Rhythmic Top 40 chart.
 The Way of All Flesh (1903) is a semi-autobiographical novel by Samuel Butler that attacks Victorian-era hypocrisy. Written between 1873 and 1884 it traces four generations of the Pontifex family. Butler dared not publish it during his lifetime but when it was published it was accepted as part of the general reaction against Victorianism.In 1998 the Modern Library ranked The Way of All Flesh twelfth on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century
 Les Agites (el. 1569 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.It connects Yvorne and La Lécherette.The south side of the pass road lies in the Rhone valley. It passes through Corbeyrier and a 300-metre tunnel before reaching the summit.The north side is substantially flatter passing on the south shore of the Lac de l'Hongrin. This part of the road is open to private motorized vehicles only in summer.
 Days and Nights is an American independent drama film directed and written by Christian Camargo. The film is inspired by The Seagull by Anton Chekov and set in rural New England in the 1980s.As part of a special tribute in honor of the actor and activist Russell Means who died 2012 the film had a special screening at the Denver Film Festival on November 8 2013.Days and Nights showed at the 25th Anniversary Palm Springs International Film Festival at the Annenberg Theatre on January 4 2014.
 Кайрат Тунтеков is the self-titled debut album composed of the songs performed by the SuperStar KZ 2 winner Kayrat Tuntekov. The album includes tracks composed in the English Russian & Kazakh languages.
 Richard G. Polanco (born 4 March 1951) is a former California State Senate Majority leader and member of the California State Assembly. He is known for his significant efforts in increasing Latino representation in the California Legislature.
 Satah Mountain is a cinder cone located 35 km (22 mi) east-northeast of Nimpo Lake in central British Columbia Canada. It areas to the south form a N-S-trending chain of cinder cones of Pleistocene and Holocene age. It lies on the Chilcotin Plateau.Satah Mountain occupies the high point of the Satah Mountain volcanic field. This consists of a long ridge of trachytic lava domes and flows and basaltic and trachybasaltic cinder cones that extend south from the felsic Itcha Range volcanic complex.
 Daniel Boone Hotel is a historic hotel located at Charleston West Virginia. It is a Classical Revival Style ten story structure with blond brick exterior and tan modular stone-looking terra cotta. The building was originally constructed in 1927-29 expanded in 1936 and again in 1949 to provide a total of 465 rooms a large ballroom and 3 parlor meeting rooms.
 John Inskeep Vanmeter (February 1798 – August 3 1875) was a U.S.
 Khanda Mouda is a village in Jharkhand India. It has a population of nearly 4000.Near by villages are Baharagora Parulia and Kumardubi
 Reinsfjellet is a mountain in Gjemnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 994-metre (3261 ft) tall mountain is the tallest mountain in the municipality. It is located on the Romsdal peninsula about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) southeast of the village of Torvikbukt and the Batnfjorden.
 Intimacy Remixed is the remix album to Intimacy the third album by indie rock band Bloc Party. It was released on 11 May 2009 in the United Kingdom through Wichita Recordings the band's primary label in limited edition CD and triple LP formats to coincide with Bloc Party's worldwide touring schedule. The record entered the UK Album Chart at number 79.
 Ophichthus fasciatus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Chu Yuan-Ting and Jin Xin-Bo in 1981.
 Peetula is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Burnet Companion Moth (Euclidia glyphica) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most of the Palearctic ecozone.The larvae feed on Viola Trifolium and Trifolium species.
 Prelude is the eighth studio album by Brazilian keyboardist Eumir Deodato released in 1973. With the signature track Also Sprach Zarathustra (2001) (an arrangement of the theme from 2001: A Space Odyssey) Prelude would be the biggest hit Deodato and CTI Records ever had. The album features guitarist John Tropea on three tracks bassists Ron Carter and Stanley Clarke and Billy Cobham on drums.
 Stringin' Along With Chet Atkins is the title of the second recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins on the RCA Victor label. It was available as a 10-inch vinyl record. RCA subsequently released it as a 12-inch [LP] in 1955 with additional and omitted tracks.The song Main Street Breakdown had been released as a single in 1949 and was a minor success.
 A Descant for Gossips is a 1983 Australian mini series about a school girl who becomes involved with two teachers.
 Onitis is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Inkheart is a 2008 adventure fantasy film directed by Iain Softley and starring Brendan Fraser Eliza Bennett Paul Bettany Helen Mirren Andy Serkis Jim Broadbent and Sienna Guillory. It is based on Cornelia Funke's novel with the same name. The film was released on 12 December 2008 in the UK and 23 January 2009 in the US.
 The Black Pearl is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Dark Horse Comics in 1996 written by Eric Johnson and Mark Hamill illustrated by H. M. Baker and inked by Bruce Patterson and Dan Schaeffer. The story focuses on Luther Drake a troubled man who becomes a costumed vigilante hero by accident and media pressure.
 The Regatta Mystery and Other Stories is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in 1939. The first edition retailed at $2.00.The stories feature with one exception (In a Glass Darkly) Hercule Poirot Miss Marple or Parker Pyne Christie's famed detectives.
 Anjilaq (Persian: انجيلاق‎ also Romanized as Anjīlāq and Anḩīlāq) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 557 in 168 families.
 The Grand Choral Synagogue of St. Petersburg (Russian: Санкт-Петербургская Большая Хоральная Синагога) sometimes called the St. Petersburg Synagogue is the second largest synagogue in Europe. It was built between 1880 and 1888 and consecrated in 1893. Poet Osip Mandelstam called the Petersburg Synagogue a lavish outstandish seductress.
 The Underdogs (Spanish: Los de abajo) is a novel of the Mexican Revolution by Mariano Azuela. It was originally published in serial form in the newspaper El Paso del Norte in 1915.
 The Exchange is a Grade I listed building built in 1741–43 by John Wood the Elder on Corn Street near the junction with Broad Street in Bristol England. It was previously used as a corn and general trade exchange but is now used as offices and St Nicholas Market.The Exchange underwent major building work in 1872 including roofing over the courtyard and again in the early 1900s when the City Valuer's Department moved to the building.
 Sanjay Kaul is a young Indian politician a member of Delhi BJP Executive Committee as also the spokesperson for Delhi BJP.Armed with strong oratory & leadership skills along with a deep understanding of governance issues Sanjay came into political limelight through demonstrated action on the ground over the course of the last decade. He began his activist career in the year 2002 when he founded People's Action.
 Marke is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4189 people living in 770 individual households.
 Irving Mall is an enclosed American shopping mall located in Irving Texas at the intersection of Texas State Highway 183 (Airport Freeway) and Belt Line Road. It has 123 stores including five anchor tenants as of December 27 2012 plus a food court. The mall is under ownership of the Simon Property Group.
 Trnávka (Hungarian: Csallóköztárnok or Tárnok Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈtʃɒlːoːkøztaːrnok]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Coleophora bihastulifera is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Afghanistan.
 Pageant Wagon is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It first appeared his in his short story collection The Folk of the Fringe (April 1989) and was followed by a release in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine (August 1989)
 Busman's Honeymoon is a 1940 British detective film directed by Arthur B. Woods. An adaptation of the Lord Peter Wimsey story Busman's Honeymoon by Dorothy L. Sayers it starred Robert Montgomery Constance Cummings Leslie Banks Seymour Hicks Robert Newton and Googie Withers.
 10 Wings is the album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima released in October 1995.The album consists of new studio recordings of the songs which she wrote for annual experimental theatres entitled Yakai (夜会) premiered in November 1989. Some songs already appeared on her previous studio albums released in the 1990s. They were newly recorded with the different interpretations for the album.
 Rain Dogs is the eighth album by American singer-songwriter Tom Waits released in September 1985 on Island Records.
 Tomahawk is a 1951 western film directed by George Sherman and starring Van Heflin and Yvonne De Carlo. The film is loosely based on events that took place in Montana in 1876 at the Battle of Powder River. The film was released as The Battle of Powder River in the UK.
 The Toplița River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Pour Down Like Silver is the third album by the British duo of singer/songwriter/guitarist Richard and singer Linda Thompson. It was recorded in the summer of 1975 and released in November 1975.
 Sandeep Dikshit (born 15 August 1964) is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the East Delhi constituency of Delhi and is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.
 Chesham Mosque is a mosque in Chesham Buckinghamshire England. Completed in July 2005 but officially opened on 14 August of that year Chesham Mosque is located on Bellingdon Road. The Imam of the mosque is Arif Hussain. The plot that the mosque is built on cost £331000 to buy but the total cost of the mosque after completion was £1.6 million. The project started in January 1999 and all the money was raised by collections and donations.
 Wola Kosnowa [ˈvɔla kɔsˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łącko within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Jigsaw is a 1968 mystery film directed by James Goldstone. It stars Harry Guardino and Bradford Dillman.
 It's Only Love is an album by Simply Red. It was released in 2000 on East West Records. It peaked at #27 in the United Kingdom and #35 in Germany. The album is a compilation album primarily featuring the band's love ballads.
 The Bunkhouse Vol. 1: Anchor Black Tattoo is the fourth studio album by the Irish folk musician and singer-songwriter Fionn Regan released on 7 September 2012 on Universal Music.
 Mobile Estates is Citizen King's first (and only) major record release. Many songs off this album were used in pilot episodes and the series finale of Malcolm in the Middle. A remix of Better Days (And the Bottom Drops Out) was used in the movie Gone in 60 Seconds. The remix for Better Days along with Checkout Line can be found on a rare Japanese import.On many P2P sites the song Better Days (And the Bottom Drops Out)' is often falsely attributed to the band Sublime.
 I Know What Love Isn't is the third album by Jens Lekman. It was released in the UK/EU on 3 September 2012 and in the United States on 4 September 2012 through Secretly Canadian. The album was the final album released by Service Records who had been Lekman's European label since 2004.
 Modern Man (subtitled The Adult Picture Magazine) is a now defunct monthly men's magazine founded in 1952 and running for several decades. Predating Playboy Modern Man focused on items of interest to adult men with an emphasis on soft-core pornography sex humor automobiles and popular culture.
 Hedge Lawn is a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County New York. It was built in 1870 and is an unusual 2 1⁄2-story mansion designed in a composite style with Greek Revival and Second Empire style elements. It features a Mansard roof with scalloped slate shingles three pedimented dormers and a monumental portico across the front elevation supported by six massive Doric order columns.
 Hōzuki no Reitetsu (鬼灯の冷徹) is a Japanese supernatural dark comedy manga series written and illustrated by Natsumi Eguchi. An anime television series adaptation by Wit Studio began airing from January 9 2014.
 The Miniș River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 The Tucker County Courthouse and Jail in Parsons West Virginia was built between 1898 and 1900 in a combination of Flemish Renaissance and Romanesque Revival styles. The red pressed-brick structure is flanked by a jail and jailer's residence built in 1896 in a similar style.The main courthouse was designed by architect Frank P. Milburn and built by P.O. Shrake. Milburn was a prolific designer of courthouses in West Virginia and across the southern United States.
 Daphnella cladara is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Prince of Wales Reach is the first arm of the Jervis Inlet and is located within the Coast Mountain Range of British Columbia Canada. This arm was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS Plumber who charted all the of the area and was named after Albert Edward - the Prince Of Wales later Edward VII who was the second child born in 1841 to Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of England.
 Don't Fence Me In is a 1945 American western film directed by John English and starring Roy Rogers George 'Gabby' Hayes and Dale Evans. The film was part of the long-running series of Roy Rogers films produced by the Hollywood studio Republic Pictures.
 Amalda optima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Joseph H. Burrows (October 5 1953 – October 15 2009) was wrongly convicted of the murder of farmer William E. Dulin 88 at his home in Iroquois County Illinois. He was held for nearly five years on death row before being released after his attorney Kathleen Zellner persuaded the real killer to confess at the post-conviction hearing and Peter Rooney a reporter for the Champaign-Urbana News-Gazette obtained a recantation from a key witness.
 The Journal of Clinical Epidemiology is a peer reviewed journal of Epidemiology that promotes the quality of clinical and patient-oriented health services research through the advancement and application of innovative methods of : Conducting and presenting primary research;Synthesizing research results;Disseminating results; andTranslating results into optimal clinical practice;With special attention to the training of new generations of scientists and clinical practice leaders.The journal was first published in 1955 as a follow-up to Harry S. 
 The New Glarus Town Hall is located in New Glarus Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The War Report is the influential debut album by rap duo Capone-N-Noreaga (C-N-N for short). The album features the classics L.A. L.A.; T.O.N.Y.; Neva Die Alone; Driver's Seat; Illegal Life; Capone Bone; Bloody Money; Closer; Iraq (See The World); and Noreaga's dedication to Capone Live on Live Long. Tragedy Khadafi was in many ways the mastermind behind the project and was at the time considered an unofficial third member.
 Song of Dolores (Spanish: La copla de la Dolores) is a 1947 Spanish drama film directed by Benito Perojo written by Francisco Madrid. It was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Ure Museum of Greek Archaeology contains one of the most important collections of Greek antiquities in the United Kingdom. The Museum forms part of the Department of Classics at the University of Reading and is situated on the university's Whiteknights Campus about 2 miles (3.2 km) from the centre of the English town of Reading Berkshire. The museum is open to the public Monday to Friday and there is no admission charge.
 Molecular Biology and Evolution is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal owned and edited by the Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution and published by Oxford University Press. It publishes work in the intersection of molecular biology and evolutionary biology. The founding editors-in-chief were Walter Fitch and Masatoshi Nei; the present editor-in-chief is Sudhir Kumar.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 10.353.
 Altissima pressione (Highest Pressure) is a 1965 Italian musicarello film directed by Enzo Trapani.
 Barbus candens is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Melanoptilia nigra is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Ecuador.The wingspan is about 14 mm. Adults are on wing in September and December.
 Rory I. Lancman (born March 1 1969) is a first-term City Councilmember representing New York City's 24th City Council District. The district covers Fresh Meadows Briarwood Hillcrest Jamaica Hills Jamaica Estates Kew Garden Hills. Formerly Lancman served as a New York State Assembly member representing the 25th Assembly District in Queens from 2007-2013.
 Gholam Ali Pirvezg (Persian: غلامعلي پيروزگ‎ also Romanized as Gholām ʿAlī Pīrvezg) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 5 families.
 Clarence J. Fogg was an American sailor and politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as the forty first mayor of Newburyport Massachusetts.
 Paußnitz is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Siah Mazgi (Persian: سياهمزگي‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Mazgī) is a village in Ahmadsargurab Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1425 in 343 families.
 Power Profit and Protest: Australian Social Movements and Globalisation is a 2003 book by Verity Burgmann.The book was originally published in 1993 and the 2003 edition is substantially expanded. It contains a new chapter on social movements and social change and another on the anti-corporate globalisation movement.
 The Mokroluški potok (Serbian Cyrillic: Мокролушки поток) is a stream in north-central Serbia which forms a 15 km-long former right tributary to the Sava river. During its entire concourse it runs through the urban section of Belgrade.
 John Collins Hanscomb C.B.E. M.A. (born 1924) is a retired Conservative politician from the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton in Greater Manchester England.
 Helen Wing House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built in 1893 and is a rectangular 2 1⁄2-story frame vernacular Queen Anne–style residence. It features a raised 1-story porch and open gallery at the attic level.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Soil is a manga series written and illustrated by Atsushi Kaneko. It was adapted into a Japanese television drama series in 2010. It has been published in French by Ankama.
 Varnam-e Bala (Persian: ورنام بالا‎ also Romanized as Varnām-e Bālā; also known as Varnām and Varnām-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Garmab Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 18 families.
 Love Can't Wait is Lil Suzy's debut studio album. It was released on November 18 1991 by High Power Records distribute by Warlock Records and marks her following freestyle career with Take Me in Your Arms that was product by Tony Garcia President of High Power Records the most successful single reaching No. 67 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and Falling in Love.
 Professor Michael Richard Kidd AM (born 11 November 1959) is an Australian general practitioner He is a past president of the Royal Australian College of General Practitioners (RACGP) and is the current president of the WONCA International Classification CommitteeWorld Organization of Family Doctors (WONCA)]]..
 Kenwood Evangelical Church (also known as Kenwood United Church of Christ) is a historic church building at 4600-4608 South Greenwood Avenue in Chicago Illinois.The Romanesque building was constructed in 1887 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.The church is also a designated Chicago Landmark as of October 5 2011.
 Goldenseal is a quarterly magazine devoted to West Virginia traditional life published by the State of West Virginia Division of Culture and History.
 Hibiki's Magic (ヒビキのマホウ Hibiki no Mahō) subtitled a continental chronicle in the original version is a Japanese manga series written by Jun Maeda and illustrated by Rei Izumi. The story centers on a young girl named Hibiki who is the apprentice to a very skilled wizard named Shirotsuki. Hibiki does not have much skill with magic and the only thing she is really good at is making tea.
 Hollywood Wives is a 1983 novel by the British author Jackie Collins. It was her ninth novel and her most successful. Hollywood Wives tells the stories of several women in Hollywood ranging all the way from long-time talent agents and screenwriters to vivacious screen vixens and young innocent newcomers. After the novel's international success it was adapted as a television mini-series by producer Aaron Spelling that aired on ABC in February 1985.
 Laemanctus is a genus of corytophanid lizards commonly referred to as conehead lizards or casquehead iguanas which are endemic to Central America.
 The Portland Telegram Building is a historic building in Portland Oregon. It formerly served as the headquarters of The Portland Telegram a now-defunct local newspaper founded in 1877 by Henry L. Pittock. In 1886 John Addison Porter (Secretary to the President) organized and ran the Oregon Publishing Company which took over the Telegram.
 Wang Yingfan (Chinese: 王英凡) (born April 1942) is a Chinese diplomat and served as Permanent Representative of China to the United Nations from 2000 to 2003. He was also the Chinese Ambassador to the Philippines from 1985 to 1990.
 Stephen Harper's term as Prime Minister began on 6 February 2006 when Stephen Harper and his first cabinet were sworn in by Governor General Michaelle Jean. Harper was invited to form the 28th Canadian Ministry and become Prime Minister of Canada following the 2006 election where Harper's Conservative Party of Canada won a plurality of seats in the Canadian House of Commons leading to the resignation of Liberal prime minister Paul Martin.
 The Ambassador is a 2011 Danish documentary film created and directed by Danish filmmaker and journalist Mads Brügger. The film was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival.
 Veer: An Epic Love story of a Warrior (Hindi: वीर) is a 2009 Hindi historical action film directed by Anil Sharma and starring Salman Khan Mithun Chakraborty Sohail Khan Jackie Shroff and Zarine Khan. The film was written by Salman Khan and set during the 1825 Pindari movement of Rajasthan when India was ruled by the British.Veer was released on 22 January 2009. the film was declared below average grosser at the Indian box office.
 ANKA (Turkish: ANKA Haber Ajansı) (formerly Vahit Anka or Vanka) is news agency based in Ankara Turkey established in 1972. Anka means phoenix in Turkish.
 Aftershock is the 21st studio album by British rock band Motörhead. Originally expected to be released in mid-2013 it was released on 18 October in Germany 21 October 2013 in the United Kingdom and the rest of Europe and on 22 October in North America. The album was produced by Cameron Webb.
 Mario Catania (born 5 March 1952) served as the Italian minister of agriculture under Prime Minister Mario Monti from November 2011 to 28 April 2013.
 The Wave in Vejle is a modern residential building complex by the Skyttehus bay in Vejle Denmark. It is inspired by the Sydney Opera House by Danish architect Jørn Utzon and the hilly landscape around Vejle Fjord.The Wave in Vejle is designed by Henning Larsen Architects and contains 115 luxury apartments distributed on 14000 square metres (150000 sq ft).It has been named as a ground-breaking architecture piece in modern times and a significant landmark of Vejle.
 The Genil River is the main (left) tributary of the river Guadalquivir in Andalusia Spain. The Roman Singilis its modern name derives from the Moorish rendering of the Roman name: Sinyil Sannil and Sinnil. The source of the Genil is in the Sierra Nevada mountains north of its highest peak Mulhacén. The Genil flows through the towns Granada Loja Puente Genil and Écija. It flows into the Guadalquivir River near Palma del Río.
 The Valea Cârlanilor River is a tributary of the Valea Stânei River in Romania.
 G.I. Joe is a comic book series by IDW Publishing based upon Hasbro's G.I. Joe characters and toy line.The series was marketed as three ongoing series (G.I. Joe G.I. Joe: Origins G.I. Joe: Cobra II) two mini-series (G.I. Joe: Cobra & G.I. Joe: Hearts And Minds) and a small series of one-shots (G.I. Joe: Special). An issue #0 was released in October 2008 containing three stand-alone stories which acted as previews for the main G.I. Joe series G.I. Joe: Origins and G.I. Joe: Cobra.
 The Lost Princess: A Double Story first published in 1875 as The Wise Woman: A Parable is a fairy tale novel by George MacDonald.The story describes how a woman of mysterious powers pays visits to two very different young girls: one a princess the other a shepherd’s daughter. It has been regarded as ahead of its time in its approach to parenting.
 Harriett L. Stanley (born March 30 1950 in Arlington Virginia) is an American politician who represented the 2nd Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1995 to 2013.An investment banker and professor Stanley was first elected to the House in 1994 in a defeat of Republican incumbent Thomas Palumbo.She was named to the House Ways and Means Committee in her first term and later served as the chair of the House Health Care Committee from 2001-2003.
 Pembroke is a public housing community in northeast Bethlehem Pennsylvania. The area was listed as a national historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Moflag Church (Norwegian: Moflag kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lurøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village/island of Moflaget. The church is part of the Lurøy parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The wooden church was built in 1921 and it seats about 150 people.
 Abdollahabad (Persian: عبدالله اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdollāhābād; also known as ‘Abdolābād and ‘Abdullāhābād) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1614 in 368 families.
 The Rivelaunbach (Italian: Rio Rivellone; German: Rivelaunbach) is a stream in South Tyrol Italy.
 Jaufenpass (Italian: Passo di Monte Giovo) (el. 2094 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the South Tyrol in Italy.It connects Meran and Sterzing on the road to the Brenner Pass. It is the northernmost pass in the Alps that is completely in Italy. The pass road is very winding with many switchbacks.
 Davidovac is a village in the municipality of Kladovo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 610 people.
 Tyr (/ˈtɪər/;) is the fifteenth studio album by heavy metal band Black Sabbath released in August 1990 by I.R.S. Records.The album title and several song titles are taken from Norse mythology which led many to call Tyr a concept album although bassist Neil Murray dispelled that in 2005 stating that while many of the songs may seem loosely related very little of the album has to do with mythology and it was not intended to be a concept recording.
 Potamonautes infravallatus is a species of crustacean in the family Potamonautidae. It is endemic to Tanzania. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Hugh Burnton Mitchell (March 22 1907 – June 10 1996) an American politician served as a member of the United States Senate from 1945 to 1946 and as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1949 to 1953. He represented the state of Washington. He left Dartmouth College and the class of 1930 in 1929 when the Great Crash hit.
 A Strange Transgressor is a 1917 silent drama film starring Louise Glaum J. Barney Sherry and Colin Chase.Directed by Reginald Barker and produced by Thomas H. Ince the screenplay was adapted by J. G. Hawks from the story by John Lynch.It was produced by the Triangle Film Corporation and it was distributed by Triangle Distributing.
 The War of the Worlds is a science fiction novel by English author H. G. Wells. It first appeared in serialized form in 1897 published simultaneously in Pearson's Magazine in the UK and Cosmopolitan magazine in the US. The first appearance in book form was published by William Heinemann of London in 1898. It is the first-person narrative of the adventures of an unnamed protagonist and his brother in Surrey and London as Earth is invaded by Martians.
 Alfred Emmott 1st Baron Emmott GCMG GBE PC (8 May 1858 - 13 December 1926) was a British businessman and Liberal Party politician.
 The Hargrave River is a river in the Arctic Ocean drainage basin in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is on the Kent Peninsula and has its mouth on Dease Strait.
 Fonissa (Greek: Φόνισσα) is a stream in western Corinthia Peloponnese Greece. It is approximately 20 km long and flows into the Gulf of Corinth. The source of the river is in the hills near the village Rethi. It flows towards the southeast though a narrow gorge and empties into the Gulf of Corinth between the villages Kato Loutro and Kamari 6 km northwest of Xylokastro.
 Myzomela is a genus of bird in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae. It is the largest genus of honeyeaters with 31 species and the most geographically widespread. It ranges from Indonesia to Australia and into the islands of the Pacific Ocean as far as Micronesia and Samoa.
 The Heart of a Woman is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released on November 25 1974 by Columbia Records and had mostly new material in that only three of the 10 songs had already been recorded by other artists. It made its first appearance on Billboard magazine's Top LP's & Tapes chart in the issue dated December 28 1974 and remained there for seven weeks peaking at number 139.
 Westfield Montgomery (formerly Montgomery Mall) is an upscale shopping complex in Bethesda Maryland on Democracy Boulevard near Interstate 270 and the Capital Beltway (I-495).
 Acrocercops hoplocala is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales and Queensland.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus botryoides and Eucalyptus robustus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a short linear mine which soon opens into a roughly circular botch.
 The Punta Valgrande is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. The west side belongs to the Swiss canton of Valais and the east side belongs to the Italian region of Piedmont.The closest locality is Gondo on the south side.
 Scotland on Sunday is a Scottish Sunday newspaper published in Edinburgh by The Scotsman Publications Ltd and consequently assuming the role of Sunday sister to its daily stablemate The Scotsman. It was printed in broadsheet format but in 2013 was relauched as a tabloid. Since this latest relauch it comprises three parts the newspaper itself which includes the original Insight section a sports section and Spectrum magazine which incorporates At Home originally a separate magazine.
 Pop Negro is the 4th album from El Guincho. This album was composed by Pablo Díaz-Reixa and recorded in 2010. Pop Negro was named best Spanish album of 2010 by Rockdelux while the single Bombay and its music video directed by Nicolás Méndez were named best song and best music video respectively. The music video for Bombay also serves as part of the trailer for a larger film by Méndez with music by El Guincho.
 The Idler is a yearly British magazine devoted to its ethos of 'idling'. Founded in 1993 by Tom Hodgkinson and Gavin Pretor-Pinney the publication's intention is to return dignity to the art of loafing to make idling into something to aspire towards rather than reject.The magazine combines the aesthetics of 1990s slacker culture and pre-industrial revolution idealism. The title comes from a series of essays by Samuel Johnson published in 1758–59.
 Bandhe Haath (English: Tied Hands) is a 1973 Hindi movie produced and written by O. P. Ralhan. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Mumtaz Ajit O P Ralhan Ranjeet Madan Puri Asit Sen Tun Tun and Pinchoo Kapoor. The films music is by R. D. Burman and the lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri.
 Zen X Four is a 2005 live CD with a DVD containing most of the music videos of British grunge band Bush. The album cover photography and band logo were originally featured on their second album Razorblade Suitcase.
 Jonas is a novel by Norwegian author Jens Bjørneboe originally published in 1955 by Aschehoug.
 Charles Joseph Warner (March 29 1875 - September 24 1955) was a Nebraska politician. He was a state legislator for 26 years the first speaker of the state's unicameral legislature and a four-term Lieutenant Governor.Warner was born in Lancaster County Nebraska in 1875. He graduated from University of Nebraska in 1899 and Columbian Law School in Washington D.C.
 The Topony River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Superdome is a 1978 made for TV drama movie. It premiered on ABC as part of The ABC Monday Night Movie series and was used to promote Super Bowl XII. The film featured an impressive cast of stars but was ridiculed for its confusing and sensational plotlines as well as for containing no football scenes.
 Mahraman (Persian: محرمان‎ also Romanized as Maḩramān) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 293 in 69 families.
 Głobikowa [ɡwɔbiˈkɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębica within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Dębica and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Goethe Glacier is a small glacier located in the Sierra Nevada Range in the John Muir Wilderness of Sierra National Forest in the U.S. state of California. The glacier is northwest of Mount Goethe (13264 ft (4043 m)).
 Huremi is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 Ceropales maculata is a kleptoparasitic spider wasp.
 Milgithea trilinearis is a species of snout moths in the genus Milgithea. It is found in Florida.
 Ranelva is a 130-kilometre (81 mi) long river in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. It is one of the longest rivers in Nordland county. The catchment area of the river is 3790 square kilometres (1460 sq mi). Before the power stations of Reinforsen (1925) and Langvatnet (1964) were built the catchment area was 3843 square kilometres (1484 sq mi).
 Hyalea is a genus of large moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Blue Notebooks is the second album by British producer/composer Max Richter.The album features readings from Franz Kafka's The Blue Octavo Notebooks and Czesław Miłosz's Hymn of the Pearl and Unattainable Earth. Both readings are by the British actress Tilda Swinton.The track On the Nature of Daylight was used in the 2006 Will Ferrell film Stranger than Fiction. It also appears on the soundtrack of Martin Scorsese's 2010 film Shutter Island.
 The Lokoro River is a river in the Democratic Republic of the Congo one of the largest affluents of Lake Mai-Ndombe.The river originates in the Dekese Territory then flows west through the Lokolama sector of Oshwe Territory in Mai-Ndombe District then northwestward along the boundary between Kiri Territory and Inongo Territory to enter the northern part of Lake Mai-Ndombe.The river runs through extensive areas of permanent swamp forest.When the heavy rains begin in October the river floods and brings oxygenated water and nutrients into the swamp forests.Near the upper Lokolo there is a great intercalary savanna named Ita.This seems to have been the location of a Bolia chiefdom at the end of the fourteenth century.The headwaters of the river are in the southern part of the Salonga National ParkMost of the park is accessible only via river. 
 The Repedea River or Valea Repede River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Change of Pace is an album by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Riverside label.
 HM Prison Shrewsbury was a Category B/C men's prison located in Shrewsbury Shropshire England. The prison was closed in March 2013.The former prison site is located on Howard Street adjacent to Shrewsbury railway station and is near to the site of the Dana Gaol (where a medieval prison once stood before the railway station was built).
 Proceso a la infamia aka Los Años Infames is a 1974 Argentine film directed by Alejandro Doria.
 Dead Zone: The Grateful Dead CD Collection (1977–1987) is a six-CD boxed set retrospect of the Grateful Dead's studio and live albums during their time with Arista Records from 1977 to 1987. Prior to 1977 the band was on its own label Grateful Dead Records.This compilation includes the albums Terrapin Station Shakedown Street Go to Heaven Reckoning Dead Set and In the Dark. The set does not contain any new or expanded recordings.
 The Essential Richard Marx is a compilation album by Richard Marx released in 2000. It includes songs from his first three albums most of which were hit singles.
 Modern Wonder was a largely factual magazine aimed at boys and young men. It had many articles and pictures on science engineering and warfare etc. In some of the magazines the Flash Gordon comic strip is printed in colour on the back cover. Issues were usually around 20 pages in length with the covers and inside two pages printed in colour. The magazine was printed in Great Britain by Oldhams (Watford) Limited St. Albans Rd. Watford.
 I Know Where I'm Going! is a 1945 romance film by the British-based filmmakers Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger. It stars Wendy Hiller and Roger Livesey and features Pamela Brown Finlay Currie and Petula Clark in her fourth film appearance.
 One One One Eagle Street is the tallest office building in Brisbane Queensland Australia located in the city centre. With 6 star Green Star office design rating the building is part of the CBD's 'Golden Triangle' district. Its location is the site of the old Indigo House building which was demolished over a period of six months starting in 2008. 95% of all waste from the old building is to be recycled or reused.The site is located between the Riverside Centre and Riparian Plaza buildings.
 Wyręby [vɨˈrɛmbɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dynów within Rzeszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Dynów and 25 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 229.
 Total Dhamaal (or formerly Dhamaal 3) ( hindi - टोटल धमाल )is an upcoming Hindi comedy film sequel to Double Dhamaal (2011) and Dhamaal (2007). The film will be presented by Bharat Shah directed by Indra Kumar and will feature the full cast from the previous two films along with Aditya Roy Kapur. Filming will start in November 2014 and will be released in late 2015. Sources say that Sanjay Dutt is going to be replaced by another actor.
 Syed Yasin is a member of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly. He was the only Muslim candidate fielded by the Indian National Congress in Raichur district in the 2008 election.
 Zen Noir is a 2004 surrealist Buddhist murder mystery by independent filmmaker Marc Rosenbush starring Kim Chan Duane Sharp Ezra Buzzington Debra Miller Jennifer Siebel and Howard Fong.
 The Globe is a weekly newspaper published for the Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune - pronounced LUH JERN community. In addition to its military staff and correspondents The Globe carries a civilian bureau employed by Landmark Military Media of North Carolina LLC - a subsidiary of Pilot Media Companies.The Globe has been the official publication of Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune since Feb. 23 1944 when Maj. Gen.
 Monk's Dream is an album by Steve Lacy and Roswell Rudd released on the Verve label in 2000. It features performances by Lacy Rudd Jean-Jacques Avenel John Betsch and Irene Aebi's vocals on two tracks.
 The Das Flores River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro in southeastern Brazil.
 Dancing in September is an alternate name for September a single by Earth Wind & Fire.Dancing in September is a 2000 HBO television film starring Isaiah Washington and Nicole Ari Parker.
 St Columba's Church is one of the two London congregations of the Church of Scotland. The church building designed by Sir Edward Maufe is located in Pont Street Knightsbridge near Harrod's department store.
 Rappa Mundi is the second album by Brazilian band O Rappa. It was produced by Arnolpho Lima Filho (Liminha). It is distributed through Warner Music.
 Carlo Bo (25 January 1911 – 21 July 2001) was a poet literary critic a professor and Life senator of Italy (from 1984).Before the Second World War in the year 1936 he published an essay on the literary magazine Frontespizio which was gathering together the most relevant poets like Mario Luzi and contemporary artists from Ottone Rosai to Giorgio Morandi and Quinto Martini.
 Mount Crillon is a high peak of the Fairweather Range the southernmost part of the Saint Elias Mountains. It lies southeast of Mount Fairweather in the promontory between the Gulf of Alaska and Glacier Bay. It is included in Glacier Bay National Park. The peak was named after Felix-Francois-Dorothee de Bretton Comte de Crillon by his friend the French explorer Jean Francois de Galaup de la Perouse.
 Your Funeral… My Trial is the fourth studio album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds released on 3 November 1986 by Mute Records. Your Funeral... My Trial was originally released as a double EP. The album was issued on CD with a different running order and the bonus track Scum.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Boonsboro Washington County Maryland United States. Originally formed within Saint John's Parish it was incorporated into Antietam Parish in 1899.The original portion of the church was built in 1849 and is rectangular in shape with two-foot-thick walls 17 feet tall constructed of rough-cut native limestone.
 Gary Smith Jr. is a Democratic member of the Louisiana State Senate.
 Two Sisters is a novelistic memoir by the American writer Gore Vidal. Originally published in 1970 this fairly short novel (174 pages) contains according to the blurb on the dust jacket of the first edition Gore Vidal’s singular speculations on love sex death literature and politics.Reviewing the book in the New York Times reviewer John Leonard complained Two Sisters works neither as a novel (all the news happens off-stage) nor as a memoir (the I is far too coy).
 Mordellistena elongata is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1863 by Fairmaire & Germain.
 Chenar Sukhteh (Persian: چنارسوخته‎ also Romanized as Chenār Sūkhteh) is a village in Mazayjan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 34 families.
 Marianów [maˈrjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Aleksandrów 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 140.
 Er Dong (Chinese: 二冬; pinyin: èr dōng) directed by Yang Jin is a 2008 narrative independent Chinese film about a rebellious teenager in rural northern China. The film is shot in documentary-style and is the director's second feature.
 Ratković is a village in the municipality of Rekovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 461 people.
 Sir Denis Francis O'Connor CBE QPM (born 21 May 1949 Ireland) was Chief Inspector of Constabulary. He was appointed on 11 May 2009 and retired on 31 July 2012.
 Camp George West Historic District or Camp George West (also known as State Rifle Range;5JF145) was a military base for the Colorado National Guard located at 15000 S. Golden Rd. Golden Colorado. The site was used as a rifle range and is now used as a correctional facility and police training academy as well as emergency operations center.On site is Ammunition Igloo a bunker used for arms storage and Colorado Amphitheater both of which are vacant.
 St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church also known as Old St. Mary's is a historic church in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is located in the Society Hill neighborhood at 248 S. Fourth Street between Spruce and Walnut Streets.
 Let's Face the Music and Dance is an album by American country singer-songwriter Willie Nelson. Nelson's second album under his contract with Legacy Recordings it was released on April 16 2013. The album produced by Buddy Cannon featured a collection of standards that Nelson and his sister Bobbie played throughout their careers.
 Eva is a 2011 Spanish science fiction film directed by Kike Maíllo. It was released on 7 September 2011 at the 68th Venice International Film Festival where it was screened out of competition. The film stars Daniel Brühl Marta Etura Lluís Homar and Alberto Ammann.Eva was nominated in twelve categories at the 26th Goya Awards scoring three wins — Best New Director Best Supporting Actor and Best Special Effects.
 The Hohe Salve is a well-known mountain located between Kufstein Wörgl and Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is part of the Kitzbühel Alps and is also nicknamed the Rigi of the Tyrol. Its summit is 1828 m AA high and in fine weather has a good view of the High Tauern and Zillertal Alps as well as the Wilder Kaiser which lies immediately to the north of the Hohe Salve. From the top the Großglockner and Großvenediger can also be made out.
 Doba Arab (Persian: دباعرب‎ also Romanized as Dobā ʿArab; also known as Dowbbā ‘Arab) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 4 families.
 Percnon gibbesi is a species of crab. It is one of at least two species commonly called Sally Lightfoot (the other being the semi-terrestrial Grapsus grapsus from the Pacific coast of the Americas) and is also referred to as the nimble spray crab or urchin crab. It has been described as the most invasive decapod species to enter the Mediterranean.
 Bobby E. Shepherd (born November 18 1951 in Arkadelphia Arkansas) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. He maintains chambers in El Dorado Arkansas the seat of Union County in south Arkansas.
 David E. Dutremble is an American politician and firefighter from Maine. Dutremble is a Democrat State Senator from Maine's 4th District representing part of York County including the city of Biddeford and the neighboring towns of Kennebunkport Arundel and Kennebunk. In 2012 he beat Independent James Booth to become State Senator replacing fellow Democrat Nancy Sullivan who was unable to seek re-election due to term limits.
 Misbehaving Husbands is a 1940 American comedy of errors film directed by William Beaudine for Producers Releasing Corporation. The film had the working titles of At Your Age and Dummy Husbands. Harry Langdon Betty Blythe Esther Muir and others in the cast were stars in silent films; it was the film debut of Gig Young credited under the name of Byron Barr.
 Drew Alan Springer Jr. (born October 27 1966) just completed his freshman term as the Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 68 in North Texas and the eastern South Plains. Among Texas communities represented by Springer are Gainesville Graham Childress Vernon and Springer's own Muenster.
 Valenciennellus is a genus of marine hatchetfishes. They are commonly known as constellationfishes.
 Joliot is a large lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon just past the eastern limb. At this location it lies in a region of the surface that comes into sight during a favorable libration although at such times it is viewed from the side. Thus viewing this crater in detail must be done from orbit.The crater lies at the northern fringes of the lava-flooded region of the surface associated with Mare Marginis to the south.
 Thremhall Priory was a priory in Essex England.
 Chal Chal Re Naujawan is a 1944 Indian Bollywood film. It was the seventh highest grossing Indian film of 1944.
 Legend is a music production album by the group Two Steps from Hell released in 2008. However this was made available only to clients promoting motion picture advertising. It consists of three discs: two CDs and a DVD. The first CD contains 20 tracks the second one 17 which makes including the alternate versions on the DVD a total of 72 tracks. The album was recorded in Czech Republic and Los Angeles at Capitol Studios. The tracks are composed by Thomas J.
 The Best of Peter Green Splinter Group is a compilation album by the British blues band the Peter Green Splinter Group led by Peter Green. Released in 2002 this was a two-disc set. Green was the founder of Fleetwood Mac and a member of that group from 1967–70 before a sporadic solo career during the late 1970s and early 1980s. This compilation was re-released in 2006.
 Krynica [krɨˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianne within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Trzcianne 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Mońki and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Oliva poppei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The Museu de Ciências Naturais da Fundação Zoobotânica do Rio Grande do Sul (Museum of Natural Sciences of the Rio Grande do Sul Zoobotanical Foundation) is a Brazilian museum located inside the Porto Alegre Botanical Garden.
 Echternacher Anzeiger was a newspaper published in Luxembourg between 1863 and 1940.
 Mateuszowo [matɛuˈʂɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dubienka 27 km (17 mi) east of Chełm and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Time Burial is a collection of science fiction fantasy and horror stories by author Howard Wandrei. It was released in 1995 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 1500 copies. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Unknown Astounding Stories Spicy Mystery Stories Weird Tales and The Arkham Collector. A collection of this title but with different contents was originally announced by Arkham House but never published.
 Line Beauchamp (born February 24 1963) is a Quebec politician. She served as Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA) for the Montreal riding of Bourassa-Sauvé as a member of the Quebec Liberal Party. Line Beauchamp was Minister of Education Sports and Leisure until she resigned on May 14 2012 during the 2012 Quebec student strike.
 General Housni Benslimane (Arabic: حسني بن سليمان ‎; born 14 December 1935 El Jadida) is a senior Moroccan Gendarmerie officer who serves since 1972 as the Commander-in-Chief of this unit. He also presides over the Moroccan Olympic Committee and was president of the Moroccan FA between 1994 and 2009.Housni Benslimane played football for Moroccan club FAR Rabat serving as goalkeeper between 1958 and 1961.
 Fireflies and Songs is the sixth studio album and ninth overall album from Christian singer-songwriter Sara Groves and it released on November 17 2009 by Fair Trade Columbia Records and Integrity Music. The producer on the album is Charlie Peacock. This release became critically acclaimed and commercially successful.
 The Izvoare River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 The Koch Family Children's Museum of Evansville is an interactive children's museum in Evansville Indiana USA. The museum educates and inspires children about the world. Exhibits include deconstructing objects a water exhibit that spans multiple floors experiences about the human body and its senses and a gallery for freedom of expression.Built inside the historic old Central Library the museum opened in September 2006.
 Marvel Zombies 3 is a four-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics beginning in October 2008. It is part of the Marvel Zombies series. The series is written by Fred Van Lente penciled by Kev Walker with covers by Greg Land.
 High Seas is a 1929 British adventure film directed by Denison Clift and starring Lillian Rich James Carew John Stuart Randle Ayrton and Winter Hall. The film follows a wealthy young man who falls in love with a sailor's daughter who saves him from a shipwreck. When he announces he wants to marry her his family try to foil the match. It was based on a story by Monckton Hoffe.
 Pit of Darkness is a 1961 British thriller film directed by Lance Comfort and starring William Franklyn and Moira Redmond. The film is an amnesia thriller dealing with a man's attempts to piece together a sequence of strange events in which he seems to have been involved during the time of which he has no memory based on the novel To Dusty Death by Hugh McCutcheon.
 Mechademia: An Annual Forum for Anime Manga and the Fan Arts is a peer-reviewed academic journal in English about Japanese popular culture products and fan practices. It is published by the University of Minnesota Press and edited by Frenchy Lunning.
 Kowslar (Persian: كوسلر‎ also Romanized as Kows̄lar and Kūs̄lar) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Sharqi Rural District Gomishan District Torkaman County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 45 families.
 Gavkul (Persian: گاوكول‎ also Romanized as Gāvkūl) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 60 families.
 The Valea Cărbunii River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
 Cimon del Froppa is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2932 metres.
 Shamsabad (Persian: شمس اباد‎ also Romanized as Shamsābād; also known as Shamshābād) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 18 families.
 Røsvik Church (Norwegian: Røsvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Røsvika. The church is part of the Sørfold parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The Gothic-style wooden church was completed in 1883. It seats about 600 people.
 Telsen is a village in Chubut Province Argentina. It is the head town of the Telsen Department located 176 km west of the provincial capital Puerto Madryn. It was founded on December 9 1898 by John Marley.
 The Sulphur-billed Nuthatch (Sitta oenochlamys) is a species of bird in the Sittidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Blue Train is a hard bop jazz album by John Coltrane released in 1957 on Blue Note Records catalogue BLP 1577. Recorded at the Van Gelder Studio in Hackensack New Jersey it is Coltrane's second solo album the only one he recorded for Blue Note as a leader and the only one he conceived personally for the label. It has been certified a gold record by the RIAA.
 Olszowiec [ɔlˈʂɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pysznica within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Pysznica 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Stalowa Wola and 59 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 531.
 Sub Verses is the sixth studio album by experimental rock band Akron/Family released on April 30 2013 on Dead Oceans Records.
 Living in the Present Future is the second studio album by Swedish rock singer-songwriter Eagle-Eye Cherry. It was released in 2000. In the three-year gap between 1997's Desireless and this release he left Epic subsidiary Work and came to MCA wherein he worked with such producers as The Dust Brothers and Rick Rubin.
 Obidim (Bulgarian: Обидим) is a village (село) in southwestern Bulgaria located in the Bansko Municipality of the Blagoevgrad Province in Pirin mountain 15 kilometers southeast of Bansko and 52 km southeast of Blagoevgrad.As of 2006 it has 141 inhabitants. The village was founded in the 14th century. During the Ottoman rule the local population strongly preserved the Bulgarian patriotic spirit and as a result the village was burned down in 1903 and 1912 when it was finally liberated.
 Target for Tonight is a 1941 British documentary film billed as filmed and acted by the Royal Air Force all while under fire. It was directed by Harry Watt. The film is about the crew of a Wellington aircraft. The film went on to win an honorary Academy Award in 1942 and 'Best Documentary' by the National Board of Review in 1941.
 Razowskiina fortunearia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 The Seven Stars Public House (grid reference ST591727) is an historic public house situated on Thomas Lane Bristol England; it was built in the 17th century and is a grade II listed building.One of the earliest references to the pub is in the Bristol Record Office.
 Alexander Kenneth Maclean PC (October 18 1869 – July 31 1942) was a Canadian politician and judge.Born in Upper North Sydney Cape Breton County Nova Scotia Maclean was educated at Pictou Academy and Dalhousie University. A lawyer practising in Lunenburg Nova Scotia Maclean first ran unsuccessfully for the Canadian House of Commons in the 1900 federal election for the electoral district of Lunenburg. In 1901 he was elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly for Lunenburg.
 The Podu River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 Ashok Kumar Rawat (born 26 November 1975) is an Indian politician for the Misrikh (Lok Sabha constituency) in Uttar Pradesh.
 The Charles Magnuson Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 56/58 Olga Avenue in Worcester Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1912 and is a good local example of Colonial Revival styling. The asymmetrical main facade has a three-tier porch on the right supported by square posts and a rounded projecting window bay on the left.
 Death Tunnel is a 2005 horror movie filmed at the Waverly Hills Sanatorium. It stars Steffany Huckaby Annie Burgstede Kristin Novak and Jason Lasater.
 The Vault - Vol. 1 is a 2007 compilation album by the American alternative rock band Tabitha's Secret. It is the first of three volumes the others being The Vault - Vol. 2 and The Vault - Vol. 3: The Covers. Rob Thomas has expressed anger at Jay Stanley as he perceives that Stanley is making a living out of Thomas's past with these compilation albums.[citation needed]
 You Don't Love Me Yet (2007) is a comic novel about alternative music from Jonathan Lethem set in modern Los Angeles.
 Tang Chenar (Persian: تنگچنار‎ also Romanized as Tang Chenār and Tang-e Chenār) is a village in Mahru Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Awhea River is a river of New Zealand. It is located in the Wairarapa close to the North Island's southernmost point and flows south for 24 kilometres (15 mi) from rough hill country south of Martinborough to reach the Pacific 20 kilometres (12 mi) to the east of Cape Palliser.
 The Chariton River is a 218-mile-long (351 km) tributary to the Missouri River in southeast Iowa and northeast Missouri. The river forms in southeastern Clarke County Iowa. It is dammed at 11000-acre (45 km2) Rathbun Reservoir in Appanoose County Iowa and then flows 30 miles (48 km) before entering Missouri where it forms the boundary between Putnam and Schuyler counties. It enters the Missouri River in Chariton County near Keytesville.
 Shakthan Thampuran Palace is situated in City of Thrissur in Kerala state India. It is named as Vadakkekara Palace was reconstructed in Kerala-Dutch style in 1795 by Ramavarma Thampuran of the erstwhile Princely State of Cochin well as Sakthan Thampuran (Greatest ruler of the Cochin dynasty) is preserved by Archaeological Department. The palace was converted into a museum in 2005 by State.
 Pico do Vento is a mountain in the eastern part of the island of São Vicente. It is of volcanic origin. It is situated south of the Ribeira do Calhau valley 12 km southeast of the island capital Mindelo.
 Ashwamedham is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1968.
 Joe Hune (born May 29 1980) is a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
 Sokołowo [sɔkɔˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Września and 45 km (28 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1007.
 Sir Charles Augustus Tegart KCIE KPM (1881 – 6 April 1946) was a colonial police officer in India and Mandatory Palestine variously earning praise for his industry and efficiency.
 Phlegethontiidae is a family of aistopod amphibians including the genera Phlegethontia and Sillerpeton.
 An End Has a Start is the second album by British indie rock band Editors. It was released on 25 June 2007 in the UK and on 17 July 2007 in the US. The album was certified Platinum in the UK on the same day it was released.An End Has a Start reached No. 69 in the UK end of year album chart in 2007.[citation needed] By the end of 2007 it had sold over 600000 copies worldwide.
 Urnes Stave Church (Norwegian: Urnes stavkyrkje) is a 12th-century stave church at Ornes along the Lustrafjorden in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It sits on the eastern side of the fjord directly across the fjord from the village of Solvorn and about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) east of the village of Hafslo. It has been owned by Fortidsminneforeningen (Society for the Preservation of Norwegian Ancient Monuments) since 1881.
 Vexillum zebuense is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Gnojno [ˈɡnɔi̯nɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kutno and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 The New Guinea Friarbird (Philemon buceroides novaeguineae) also known as the Papuan Friarbird is a bird in the Meliphagidae or honeyeater family. Many taxonomists consider it to be a subspecies of the Helmeted Friarbird although some consider it to be a distinct species.
 Deh Qaleh (Persian: ده قلعه‎ also Romanized as Deh Qal’eh and Deh-e Qal‘eh) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 58 families.
 Teesri Manzil (English: Third Storey) is a 1966 Bollywood thriller directed by Vijay Anand and produced by Nasir Hussain. It starred his regular actors Shammi Kapoor and Asha Parekh along with Nazima Premnath Prem Chopra Iftekhar Helen K. N. Singh and Salim Khan. The film became a hit at the box office.Indiatimes Movies ranks the movie amongst the Top 25 Must See Bollywood Films.The film's DVD & VCD versions run for 145 minutes while the theatre version ran for 175 minutes.
 Crax is a genus of curassows from tropical South America. Only the Great Curassow ranges north through Central America as far as Mexico.The variety of male bill ornament shapes and colors is typical for this genus as is a curly crest and a contrasting white or rufous crissum.
 Eulimella polita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Nakkeeran or Nakkheeran is a Tamil magazine popular in Tamil Nadu India.R. Gopal was the editors and publisher of the magazine.
 The Güpfi is a mountain of the Urner Alps overlooking Lungern in the canton of Obwalden. It lies on the range north of the Chingstuel between the Lungerersee and the Klein Melchtal.
 A Wolf at the Table is a 2008 memoir by Augusten Burroughs that recounts his turbulent childhood relationship with his father. In the summer of 2007 Burroughs announced on his official website that the book would be released on April 29 2008 (2008-04-29). In an interview with Wikinews Burroughs said that many of his fans may have trouble with the book. A Wolf at the Table spent six weeks on the New York Times Best Seller list reaching number 2 in its first week.
 The Shining is a 1980 British-American psychological horror film produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick co-written with novelist Diane Johnson and starring Jack Nicholson Shelley Duvall Danny Lloyd and Scatman Crothers. The film is based on Stephen King's novel of the same name though there are significant changes.In the film Jack Torrance a writer and recovering alcoholic takes a job as an off-season caretaker at an isolated hotel called the Overlook Hotel.
 It Ain't Easy is an album by American singer/songwriter Chris Smither released in 1984. The original contained 12 songs.
 Charlotte L'Écuyer (born August 16 1943) is a politician in Quebec Canada. She was a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA) for the riding of Pontiac in Western Quebec and a member of the Quebec Liberal Party caucus from 2003 to 2014.She went to the Université du Québec à Hull (now Université du Québec en Outaouais) and obtained a bachelor's degree in social work.
 'Mon Jekane Hridoy Sekane' also (Bengali: 'মন যেখানে হৃদয় সেখানে') is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. Directed by Shahin Shomon. it's a Fully love with family drama story based film. Stars Shakib Khan Apu Biswas Nirab Hossain (debut) Rotna Bobita and many more.
 Make Love! The Bruce Campbell Way is the second book by author and actor Bruce Campbell. It was first published on May 26 2005. The entire novel is written in the first person by the author. It is a satire of the genre of celebrity memoirs.
 The Dark Saga is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Iced Earth. Released on July 23 1996 it was the band's first album to feature drummer Mark Prator as well as the last with bassist Dave Abell.
 Isaluy-e Heydarlu (Persian: عيسي لوي حيدرلو‎ also Romanized as ‘Īsálūy-e Ḩeydarlū; also known as ‘Īsálū-ye Ḩeydarlū) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 26 families.
 The Liberty National Life Complex is a corporate office complex located in downtown Birmingham Alabama. The complex is made up of two connecting buildings. The original building was built in 1925 and contains 10 stories. The second building a 16 story building was originally built in 1952 as a 10 story building but was expanded in 1971 by six stories.
 Sławica [swaˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Xenophanes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Thrash of Naked Limbs is the third EP by death/doom metal band My Dying Bride. This EP was also released as a vinyl record. By this time the band was a 6-piece having added session violinist and keyboardist Martin Powell as an official band member.The EP was also released as part of the limited box-set The Stories alongside the band's other singles Symphonaire Infernus et Spera Empyrium and I Am the Bloody Earth.
 Second Show is a 2012 Malayalam action crime film directed by Srinath Rajendran andwritten by Vini Vishwa Lal. The film set in the backdrop of criminal gangs of varied varieties in Kerala tells the story of young Hari who rises from an illicit sand miner to a smuggling baron in a short time. It stars Dulquer Salmaan Gauthami Nair Sunny Wayne Baburaj and Sudesh Berry.
 Fort Fetterman was a wooden fort constructed in 1867 by the United States Army on the Great Plains frontier in the Dakota Territory approximately 11 miles northwest of present-day Douglas Wyoming. It was located high on the bluffs on the south side of the North Platte River. It served as a major jumping-off point for the start of several major military expeditions against warring Native American tribes and soldiers there helped protect pioneers on the Bozeman Trail.
 Crassicorophium is a genus of amphipod crustaceans comprising three species:Crassicorophium bonellii (Milne Edwards 1830)Crassicorophium clarencense (Shoemaker 1949)Crassicorophium crassicorne (Bruzelius 1859)↑
 Yanıkkaya is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 954 people.
 Buried Thunder is a young adult novel written by British author Tim Bowler. It was first published in 2011 in the UK. It is a psychological thriller whose central character is a fourteen-year-old girl called Maya who has just moved to the countryside with her parents and brother. She senses an evil presence in the hotel where they are living and makes a horrific discovery in the forest nearby.
 Collection 004 is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is the fourth volume of the Collection series. The first five volumes were recorded for Ylem and consist of studio sessions with Kiyoshi Mizutani then a member of Merzbow. However Ylem went out of business before they could be released.
 Ripley's Game (1974) is a psychological thriller by Patricia Highsmith the third in her Ripliad series.
 Earlysville Union Church also known as Earlysville Free Union Church is a historic church located on VA 743 northwest of the junction with VA 633 in Earlysville Albemarle County Virginia. It was built in 1833 and is a one-story frame building with weatherboard siding and a gable roof on a low stone foundation. Entrance to the building is by two doors on the south gable end. It measures approximately 50 feet long by 30 feet wide.
 The Grand Army of the Republic Hall is an historic Grand Army of the Republic building located at 714 W. State Street in Boise Idaho in the United States. The hall was built in 1892 by members of the GAR as a memorial to the Union Army veterans of the Civil War. It was the meeting place of Phil Sheridan GAR Post No. 4 which was named for Union General Philip Sheridan.
 Benjamin Morgan Cowie was Dean of Manchester and then Exeter in the last quarter of the 19th Century. Born on 8 June 1816 he was educated at St John's College Cambridge and graduated Senior Wrangler in 1839. Ordained in 1841 he was successively Tutor Lecturer and Fellow at his old college. Afterwards he was Vicar of St Lawrence Jewry followed by a 11 year spell in Manchester followed by a further 17 at Exeter. He died on 3 May 1900.
 Patricia L. Acampora (born December 10 1945) was appointed as a Commissioner of the New York Public Service Commission (PSC) on June 16 2005 by Gov. George Pataki for a term ending February 1 2009. In December 2006 Pataki named Acampora to Chair the PSC a position she held until January 2008 when Gov. Eliot Spitzer appointed Garry A. Brown as Chairman.On February 9 2009 Governor David A.
 Hünerberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Owens Lake is a mostly dry lake in the Owens Valley on the eastern side of the Sierra Nevada in Inyo County California. It is located about 5 miles (8.0 km) south of Lone Pine California. Unlike most dry lakes in the Basin and Range Province that have been dry for thousands of years Owens held significant water until 1924. Much of the Owens River was diverted into the Los Angeles Aqueduct causing Owens Lake to desiccate.
 Stephen Slesnick is a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives who has represented the 52nd District since 2008.
 The Mandala of Sherlock Holmes (published in the U.S. as Sherlock Holmes: The Missing Years) is a non-canonical Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Jamyang Norbu originally published in India in 1999. The novel is an account of Holmes' adventures in India and Tibet where posing as Norwegian explorer Sigerson he meets the Dalai Lama and Huree Chunder Mookerjee a character from Rudyard Kipling's novel Kim.
 Dent Hardware Company Factory Complex also known as the D.W. Coombs Textile Machinery Company is a historic factory complex located at Whitehall Township Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1894 and 1913 and consists of 11 contributing buildings. They are built of reinforced concrete.
 Annakili Sonna Kathai is a 1989 Tamil Indian feature film directed by S.Devaraj for Sri Ananda Lakshmi Fim Combines. The film stars Sathyaraj and Shaloo in the lead roles.
 Uludağ [ˈuɫudaː] the ancient Mysian Olympus is a mountain in Bursa Province Turkey with an altitude of 2543 m (8343 ft). It is a popular center for winter sports such as skiing and a national park of rich flora and fauna. Summer activities such as trekking and camping also are popular.In Turkish Uludağ means Sublime Mountain but in colloquial Turkish the older name Keşiş Dağı Mountain of Monks is still used.
 The Boneyard is a 1991 direct-to-video horror film directed by James Cummins.
 The Fire-footed Rope Squirrel (Funisciurus pyrropus) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family.It is found in Angola Burundi Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna and plantations.
 Field Commander Cohen: Tour of 1979 is a live album by Leonard Cohen released in 2001. Songs were recorded live at the Hammersmith Odeon London on 4 5 and December 6 1979 and at the Dome Theatre Brighton on December 15 1979.
 US Post Office-Johnson City is a historic post office building located at Johnson City in Broome County New York. It was designed and built in 1934 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. The interior features a mural by Frederic Charles Knight.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Coccus is a genus of scale insects in the family Coccidae. It includes species such as Coccus viridis a major pest of coffee. The type species is Coccus hesperidum Linnaeus.
 Neolamprologus buescheri is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika. This species can reach a length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Alopecosa striatipes is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Europe and Central Asia.
 Stok [stɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan-Majorat within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Ulan-Majorat 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Radzyń Podlaski and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Bardhaasht is a Bollywood drama and thriller film released in 2004. The director is E. Nivas. It is based on the screenplay written by Vikram Bhatt. The main cast of the movie is Bobby Deol Lara Dutta and Rahul Dev. Bardaasht is noted for its gritty and brutal portrayal of police force and triumph of human will and justice in the form of Major Aditya Shrivastava portrayed by Bobby Deol.
 It's Just Me is the debut album of Boogie Kings member Mark Klein. It is a collection of original songs as well as renditions of songs recorded by other musicians. His younger sister Ashleigh makes her debut at the age of two on the last track of the album.
 Austin Starke Taylor (born July 2 1922) was mayor of Dallas Texas from 1983 to 1987 and a cotton investor.
 The Wild Basin Ranger Station is located in the southeastern portion of Rocky Mountain National Park Colorado. Built in 1932 the ranger station is an example of National Park Service rustic architecture built to plans by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Design. The log structure is roofed with wood shingles and rests on a concrete foundation.
 St. Paul’s Church George Street was a Church of England church built as a Chapel of Ease to St. Mary's Church Nottingham. It was opened in 1822 and closed in 1924.
 Coleophora feoleuca is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain.The larvae feed on Salsola species and Suaeda altissima. They create a light to dark brown composite leaf case made of 2-3 elements. The case is slender and 11-14 mm long. The mouth angle is about 45°.
 Allen Welsh Dulles (April 7 1893 – January 29 1969) was an American diplomat and lawyer who became the first civilian Director of Central Intelligence and its longest-serving director to date. As head of the CIA during the early Cold War he oversaw Operation Ajax the Lockheed U-2 Program and the Bay of Pigs Invasion. Following the assassination of John F Kennedy Dulles was one of the members of the Warren Commission.
 Bertelia dupla is a species of snout moth. It is found in North America including Texas.The wingspan is 23-27 mm.
 The Friendship is the name of the 1988 Coretta Scott King Award-winning book by Mildred Taylor. Published in 1987 it is set in 1933 in Mississippi. It deals with the unfair treatment of African Americans.
 Stenelmis gammoni is a species of beetle in family Elmidae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Porters Pass (elevation 939 metres) is a mountain pass in the Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.It is near Lake Lyndon and is located within Korowai/Torlesse Tussocklands Park. State Highway 73 travels through the pass on its route from Springfield to Cass and it is the last mountain pass on the route eastwards from Westland to Christchurch.
 Zaifeng (12 February 1883 – 3 February 1951) formally Prince Chun of the First Rank (醇親王) or simply Prince Chun was a Manchu noble of the Qing Dynasty. He was the father of Puyi the last Qing emperor and served as Prince-Regent during his son's reign from 1908 to 1911. Zaifeng was a younger half-brother of Puyi's predecessor the Guangxu Emperor.
 Adios the eleventh studio album released by KMFDM was originally conceived as the group's parting shot to its longtime record label Wax Trax! Records but it ended up also signaling the break-up of KMFDM itself at least for a time. Recorded in Seattle Washington this was the last album to feature En Esch and Günter Schulz who both went on to form Slick Idiot.
 Bhata is a village in Pakistan with a population of about 8000. It is located in the centre of Mandra-Chowk Pindori Road Tehsil Gujar Khan District Rawalpindi. It is the Biggest Village of Union Council of Kuri Dolal.www.facebook.com/bhatapage
 Gurbachan Singh Babbehali is an Indian politician and belongs to the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal. He is a member of Punjab Legislative Assembly and represent Gurdaspur.
 Turbonilla manoloi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Anatomy of the Tongue in Cheek (often shortened to Anatomy by fans) is the second full-length album released by the Christian rock band Relient K. It was released on August 28 2001 and peaked at No. 158 on the Billboard 200. On June 26 2006 the album was certified Gold by the RIAA for sales in excess of 500000 units in the United States.
 St Andrew's Roker (1905-7) is an Anglican parish church in Sunderland England. It is recognised as one of the finest churches of the first half of the twentieth century[citation needed] and the masterpiece of Edward Schroeder Prior. The design of St Andrew's drew together many of the strings of Prior's philosophy and approach to design and building.
 Harvest of Shame was a 1960 television documentary presented by broadcast journalist Edward R. Murrow on CBS that showed the plight of American migrant agricultural workers. It was Murrow's final documentary for the network; he left CBS at the end of January 1961 at President John F.
 Special Reserve is a 2003 compilation album by Gaelic Storm.
 Notts Pot is cave system on Leck Fell Lancashire England. It is described as 'the most concentrated vertical maze in Britain'.
 The Pallas's Gull or Great Black-headed Gull (Ichthyaetus ichthyaetus) is a large gull. As is the case with many gulls it has traditionally been placed in the genus Larus.This species breeds in colonies in marshes and islands from southern Russia to Mongolia. It is migratory wintering in the eastern Mediterranean Arabia and India. This gull nests on the ground laying between two and four eggs.It occurs in western Europe only as a rare vagrant.
 The Otaio River is a river of the south Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It initially flows north from its source on the northern slopes of Mount Studholme in the Hunters Hills turning northeast to enter the southern end of the Canterbury Plains. It then turns southeast reaching the Pacific Ocean to the south of the town of St Andrews.
 Prestesteinsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway with a small part of the lake crossing over into the neighboring municipality of Lom (in Oppland county). The 4.12-square-kilometre (1020-acre) lake sits at an elevation of 1357 metres (4452 ft) above sea level. It lies along the south side of the Sognefjellsvegen road just to the north of the mountain Fannaråki and the Fannaråkbreen glacier.
 Joseph-Octave Beaubien (March 22 1824 – November 7 1877) was a Quebec physician and political figure. He represented Montmagny in the 1st Canadian Parliament as a Conservative member.He was born in Nicolet in Lower Canada in 1824 studied at the college there and then studied English in Rochester New York. He returned and studied medicine becoming a doctor in 1847 and settled at Montmagny.
 Lake Evangeline is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Lake Evangeline is situated in the Upper Camas Valley and is 1.25 miles (2.01 km) northwest of Camas Lake. Nearby mountains include Longfellow Peak and Paul Bunyans Cabin to the southwest.
 Amara Essy (born 20 December 1944) is a diplomat from Ivory Coast.
 Rogue Squadron (1996) is the first novel in the Star Wars: X-wing series. It was written by Michael A. Stackpole. It is set at the beginning of the New Republic era of the Star Wars universe and centers on the creation of a new Rogue Squadron by legendary Rebel Alliance pilot Wedge Antilles. As the first novel in the series it introduces the primary character Corran Horn as well as a host of other characters including Mirax Terrik Erisi Dlarit and Tycho Celchu as an alleged Imperial spy.
 Shoot to Kill (also known internationally as Deadly Pursuit) is an adventure thriller movie released in 1988 starring Sidney Poitier Tom Berenger Clancy Brown Andrew Robinson and Kirstie Alley. The film was directed by Roger Spottiswoode.
 In Memoriam is the 1977 Spanish directorial debut of Enrique Brasó. The film is based on a story by the Argentine writer Adolfo Bioy Casares. The film explores the thwarted romance between Julio (José Luis Gómez) and Paulina (Geraldine Chaplin). Brasó collaborated with Chaplin again as a writer in In the City Without Limits (2002) and Oculto (2005). In Memoriam was released in Spain on 2 September 1977.
 Mont Fourchon is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It is located on the main chain of the Alps approximately halfway between the Grand Golliat and the Great St Bernard Pass.
 Stary Olesiec [ˈstarɨ ɔˈlɛɕɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocz within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Goodbye to Berlin is a 1939 short novel by Christopher Isherwood set in Weimar Germany. It is often published together with Mr Norris Changes Trains in a collection called The Berlin Stories.
 Lai da Curnera is a reservoir in the municipality of Tujetsch in the Grisons Switzerland. The reservoir is linked to Lai da Sontga Maria and Lai da Nalps in the neighboring valley.
 Babbage is an ancient lunar crater that is located near the northwest limb of the Moon named after Charles Babbage. It is attached to the southeastern rim of the prominent crater Pythagoras. The crater remnant named South intrudes into the southeastern floor of Babbage.The outer rim of Babbage has been eroded and modified by a multitude of subsequent impacts until all that remains is a ring of rounded hills.
 On Top of Our Game is the 2nd studio album by Dem Franchize Boyz released on February 7 2006.
 Karel Schwarzenberg (Czech pronunciation: [ˈkarɛl ˈʃvartsn̩bɛrk]) or Karel Prince of Schwarzenberg (in German Karl Johannes Nepomuk Josef Norbert Friedrich Antonius Wratislaw Menas Fürst zu Schwarzenberg in Czech Karel Jan Nepomucký Josef Norbert Bedřich Antonín Vratislav Menas kníže ze Schwarzenberga) 12th Prince Schwarzenberg (First Majorat) and 7th Prince Schwarzenberg (Second Majorat) Duke of Krumlov born 10 December 1937) is a Czech politician and the leader of TOP 09 party.Schwarzenberg served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic from July 2010 to 10 July 2013. 
 The Pleș River is a tributary of the Rosua River in Romania.
 A Cross the Universe is a live album by Justice released in 2008. Its title is a play on words referencing the Beatles song Across the Universe and the band's own album †.
 Fundulopanchax avichang is a species of African killifish that mainly inhabits small temporary pools of the Ecucu River drainage systems. The species is endemic to Equatorial Guinea. Adult fish reach a maximum length of approximately 2.6 centimetres (1.0 inch). Breeding pairs of the species most often lay their eggs over the bottom but occasionally also among the roots of free-floating aquatic plants. Pairs stay close for some time with just a few eggs being produced each day.
 The Johnson-Hansen House is a historic house located in Provo Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Glass House is a novel written by the award-winning Australian novelist Sonya Hartnett. It was first published in 1990 in Australia by Pan Macmillan.
 Pir Shahid (Persian: پيرشهيد‎ also Romanized as Pīr Shahīd) is a village in Golian Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 697 in 174 families.
 Carmelite Monastery (Sisters of Mercy Convent) is a historic monastery at 200 E. Carpenter Street in Stanton Texas.It was built in 1882 and added to the National Register in 1999.Designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark.
 Sheykh Faleh (Persian: شيخ فالح‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Fāleḩ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 603 in 97 families.
 Donji Vaganac is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D217 highway.
 300 George Street is a proposed development consisting of three buildings; residential apartments an office tower and hotel tower on the old Law Courts site bordered by George Adelaide and Ann streets and North Quay in Brisbane Australia.The proposed development includes: 262-metre (860 ft) 82-storey Residential Tower on the corner of North Quay and Adelaide Street. The tower designed by Zenx Architects will include 428 apartments.
 Wilson Lake is the reservoir created by Wilson Dam as part of the Tennessee Valley Authority. The lake stretches from Wilson Dam to Wheeler Dam.
 Montclair Plaza is an indoor shopping mall located in Montclair California. At the time of its opening the Montclair Plaza was the only indoor mall in the entire Inland Empire.
 Kuschelydrus phreaticus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Kuschelydrus.
 Holocraspedon is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 The Kalamazoo State Hospital Water Tower is located in Kalamazoo Michigan. It was built in 1895 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 16 1972. It is located on the grounds of the Kalamazoo Regional Psychiatric Hospital.The structure was designed by B. F. Stratton from Detroit. He was instructed to come up with a structure that would complement the medieval feeling of the other buildings on the hospital grounds. The is 175 feet tall.
 NewPark Mall is a 1161681 square feet (107923.7 m2) super-regional mall in Newark California. Opened in August 1980 it currently houses more than 140 stores. It serves the Tri-City area (Fremont Newark and Union City).The Marin Farmers Markets nonprofit organization operates a farmers market on the mall property on Sunday. The mall is adjacent to the Newark campus of Ohlone College and Newark Memorial High School.
 Rønvik Church (Norwegian: Rønvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the northern part of the town of Bodø. The church is part of the Kjerringøy og Rønvik parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The modern-style church was built in 1997. The architect Reidar Berg designed the structure which seats about 500 people. The building was consecrated on 30 November 1997.
 Alan Aylesworth Macnaughton PC OC QC (July 30 1903 – July 16 1999) was a Canadian parliamentarian and Speaker of the Canadian House of Commons from 1963 to 1966.Macnaughton was born in Napanee Ontario and educated at Upper Canada College.
 Oh Common Life is the third studio album by American rock band Fireworks. It is set to be released March 25 2014 by Triple Crown Records.
 Metro Area is the debut album by the house music group of the same name. It was released in 2002. It was named the second best album of the decade by Resident Advisor. Fact Magazine rated it as the 19th best album of the decade.
 Revolutionary (レボリューショナリー Reborūshonarī) is the third full-length album of the Japanese rock band 9mm Parabellum Bullet released on April 21 2010.
 José Pedro Damiani (October 10 1921 – August 25 2007) was an Uruguayan politician and accountant. He was the Uruguayan president of the Club Atlético Peñarol.
 Mehdiabad-e Khan Ahmad (Persian: مهدئ اباد خان احمد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād-e Khān Aḩmad) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 6 families.
 Helen Rosenthal (born October 24 1960) is a New York City community activist and New York City Council Member for the 6th District which encompasses the Upper West Side of Manhattan.On September 10 2013 Rosenthal won the Democratic nomination for the District 6 City Council seat defeating six other candidates. She went on to win the November general election with 78% of the vote. Rosenthal was inaugurated on January 1 2014.
 The Lotz House is a building in Franklin Tennessee that was built in 1858. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Zeeland (Live '97) is a studio album by German band La! Neu? recorded and released in 1997. It consists of a series of live jams recorded at Klaus Dinger's studio near Kamperland in the Dutch province of Zeeland. The album was produced and released quickly in comparison with its prequel Düsseldorf which evolved over a period of two years. Zeeland was released on the Japanese record label Captain Trip Records which released all of La! Neu?'s work.
 Manuel Luis Quezón y Molina (August 19 1878 – August 1 1944) served as president of the Commonwealth of the Philippines from 1935 to 1944.
 Endotricha hemicausta is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It is found in northern Australia.
 The Weathering Continent (風の大陸 Kaze no Tairiku) is a Japanese fantasy light novel series written by Sei Takekawa and illustrated by Mutsumi Inomata.
 Crooked Creek is a 9.9-mile-long (15.9 km) tributary of the Mississippi River in southeastern Minnesota.
 For other uses see Tin drum (disambiguation).The Tin Drum (German: Die Blechtrommel) is a 1959 novel by Günter Grass. The novel is the first book of Grass's Danziger Trilogie (Danzig Trilogy). It was adapted into a 1979 film which won both the Palme d'Or in the same year and the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film the following year.
 Cullen Bay is an album by the Scottish traditional folk band The Tannahill Weavers released in 1990. The band is joined on several tracks (Braw Burn the Bridges Jenny Dang the Weaver and A Night Visitor's Song) by cittern-player Stuart Morison. Cullen Bay itself is on the coast of the Moray Firth west of Spey Bay between the towns of Elgin and Banff. The album was recorded at Pierhouse Studios Edinburgh Scotland.
 The Washington Street Shoe District of Haverhill Massachusetts encompasses a two block section of Washington and Wingate Streets between Railroad Square and Essex Street in which there were more than 60 shoe factories established in the late 19th century. Buildings in the district are predominantly brick with Italianate styling and are of a modest scale (three or four stories) unlike later shoe factories which resembled textile mills in size and style.
 The Hon. Gilbert Horace Licudi is a barrister and MP of Gibraltar member of the Gibraltar Socialist Labour Party (GSLP). He is married and has two children.
 Xeneboda mayumbea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.The wingspan is about 8.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish cream but yellower costally. The dots and strigulae are brownish orange. The markings are more brownish than the ground colour and partly paler reticulate brown-orange. The hindwings are yellow orange.
 The Kaniere River is a river of New Zealand. It is located in the West Coast Region of the South Island. The river is the outflow of Lake Kaniere and flows west to reach the Hokitika River five kilkometres from the coast of the Tasman Sea.
 The Record (찍히면 죽는다 Jjikhimyeon jukneunda) is a 2000 South Korean horror film starring Kang Seong-min Park Eun-hye and Han Chae-young.
 Indian Nocturne (Italian: Notturno indiano) is a 1984 novella by the Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi. It tells the story of a man on a search for his mysterious friend in India. The book won the French Prix Médicis étranger in 1987. Alain Corneau directed a 1989 French film adaptation with the title Nocturne indien.
 Green Car Journal is a quarterly publication created in 1992 that focuses on green vehicles and environmentally friendly energy and technologies.
 Asghar Parsa (born 1919 in Khoy - died February 2007 in Tehran) was a member of Iran's National Front.After graduating from Tehran University's School of Law he served in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He was elected to Majlis from Khoy in 1951.
 Demonstrating My Style is the second studio album by New York band Madball. In 2007 it was rereleased by Roadrunner Records as a double album also containing Look My Way.
 A Way of Life: Over Thirty Years of Blood Sweat and Tears is an autobiographical book written by Reginald Kray describing his personal highs and lows throughout his 30 years inside the British prison system. First published in hardback in 2000 by Sidgwick & Jackson and in paperback by Pan Books 2001.
 Don't Dream is a collection of science fiction fantasy and horror stories by author Donald Wandrei. It was released in 1997 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 2000 copies. The collection also includes a number of Wandrei's essays and prose poems. Many of the stories essays and poems originally appeared in the magazines The Minnesota Quarterly Weird Tales Astounding Stories Fantasy Magazine Argosy Esquire Unknown and Leaves.
 The San Carlos Hotel sometimes called the Hotel San Carlos and affectionately dubbed the Gray Lady of Palafox was a grand and revered hotel in Pensacola for much of the 20th century.The San Carlos Hotel was the project of local businessmen James Muldon and F. F. Bingham who saw the need for the kind of upscale hotel being erected in larger cities and issued stock in the project under the name Pensacola Hotel Company.
 Finders Keepers is a 1984 comedy film directed by Richard Lester and starring Michael O'Keefe Beverly D'Angelo and Jim Carrey.
 Jennifer Kanis (born 16 April 1970) is an Australian politician. She is an Australian Labor Party member for Melbourne in the Victorian Legislative Assembly.Kanis was born in Melbourne to migrant parents—a Greek father and Italian mother. She studied an Arts degree at the University of Melbourne and also gained postgraduate qualifications in education. She worked as an English and literature teacher and then enrolled to study industrial law at La Trobe University.
 Random Album Title is the third studio album by house producer deadmau5. Released on the labels Mau5trap Recordings Ministry of Sound and Ultra Records it is deadmau5's breakthrough album and his first to stylize names and titles using the now-familiar Arial Black font. The packaging of the album is the shape of a square. The album contains the singles Faxing Berlin Not Exactly and deadmau5's collaboration with Kaskade I Remember.
 I'm a Cyborg But That's OK (Korean: 싸이보그지만 괜찮아; Ssaibogeujiman Gwaenchanha) is a 2006 South Korean romantic comedy film directed by Park Chan-wook.
 I Married a Woman is a 1958 American comedy film made in 1956 starring George Gobel and Diana Dors. The movie also features John Wayne in a cameo role as himself. It was filmed in RKO-Scope and black and white except for one of Wayne's two scenes which was shot in Technicolor. The film's original title was So There You Are.
 Alexis Caswell (January 29 1799 – January 8 1877) was an American educator born in Taunton Massachusetts. He graduated Brown University in 1822 and entered the Baptist ministry.
 In the Land of the Head Hunters (also called In the Land of the War Canoes) is a 1914 silent film fictionalizing the world of the Kwakwaka'wakw (Kwakiutl) peoples of the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia Canada written and directed by Edward S.
 Tender Loving Care is an interactive movie originally released in 1998 by Aftermath Media. It is a psychological thriller starring Michael Esposito Beth Tegarden and John Hurt as Dr. Turner. It was written and directed by David Wheeler and produced by Rob Landeros who also designed the interactive features. The game was originally produced with the intention of releasing the game under the Trilobyte label but Landeros was fired from the company before it was released.
 Nawal 2004 is a 2004 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.
 Aughwick Creek is a 30.8-mile-long (49.6 km) tributary of the Juniata River in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania in the United States.Aughwick Creek born from the confluence of Little Aughwick Creek and Sideling Hill Creek near the community of Maddensville joins the Juniata River a few miles below Mount Union.
 From the Cliffs is an EP by multinational indie rock band Guillemots released on 14 March 2006. It compiles their previous releases the I Saw Such Things in My Sleep EP and the first Trains to Brazil single to form a mini-album in itself (along with the new opening track Sake and for the Japanese release two additional tracks: Moonlight and Pa Moila).
 Eastern Fleet was an American Thoroughbred racehorse foaled on May 14 1968. Bred by Calumet Farm and E. B. Benjamin he was sired by Fleet Nasrullah and was a grandson of Nasrullah. He was out of a Bull Lea mare Amoret. Eastern Fleet is best remembered for winning the grade 1 Florida Derby and finishing second in the $200000 grade 1 Preakness Stakes to Canonero II.
 Rhabdochona papuanensis is a species of nematode parasite. It parasitises freshwater fishes from Papua New Guinea particularly Glossamia gjellerupi and Melanotaenia affinis.
 20/20 Vision is the seventh studio album from country music artist Ronnie Milsap it was released in 1976.
 Shopaholic Ties the Knot (2002) is the third in the popular Shopaholic series. It is a chick-lit novel by Sophie Kinsella a pseudonym of Madeline Wickham. It follows the story of Becky Bloomwood and her boyfriend (later fiancé) Luke Brandon as they become engaged and plan their wedding.
 Sesarmidae is a family of crabs previously included in the Grapsidae by many authors. Several species namely in Geosesarma Metopaulias and Sesarma are true terrestrial crabs. They do not need to return to the sea even for breeding.
 Durdans Hospital is a multi-speciality private hospital in Colombo Sri Lanka founded in 1945.It is one of the oldest hospitals in Sri Lanka which treats many local and international patients.Today Durdans is in a high position of serving the medical tourism industry in Sri Lanka.
 Emanet (English: On Hold) is the second solo album released in 1997 of the Turkish pop singer İzel. This was also the first album produced by Turkish pop singer Mustafa Sandal.
 Mugiko-san to (麦子さんと) is an 2013 Japanese film directed by Keisuke Yoshida.
 Chip Chats is a bimonthly publication by the National Wood Carvers Association (NWCA). The magazine highlights individual art from every single state in the United States and various other countries. The magazine also offers local club information for wood carvers interested in local chapter details. The president of the NWCA chooses the editor-in-chief for the publication. Currently the Editor-in-Chief is Ed Gallenstein who also is the President of the NWCA.
 I Alex Cross is the sixteenth novel in the Alex Cross series by James Patterson. It was released on Hardcover and Paperback in November 16 2009 to positive reviews and positive reception. It is preceded by Alex Cross's Trial. Its success led to 5 sequel novels Cross Fire Kill Alex Cross Merry Christmas Alex Cross Alex Cross Run and Cross My Heart.
 George Monroe Beebe (October 28 1836 – March 1 1927) was an American politician and a U.S. Representative from New York.
 Konradowa [kɔnraˈdɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Nysa and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Anigraea is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Polythene was the first full-length album by the Welsh rock band Feeder and was released 18 May 1997 on the Echo Label and then re-issued on 28 October in the same year in an Enhanced CD version featuring their UK top 40 breakthrough single High and its video.
 Leighton Andrews (born 11 August 1957) is a Welsh Labour politician. He has been the National Assembly for Wales member for Rhondda since 2003 and was Minister for Children Education & Lifelong Learning in the Welsh Government until his resignation on 25 June 2013 after a conflict between his own departmental policy and his active campaigning to save a school in his constituency.
 St. Mark's Church is a historic Episcopal church at 19 White Street in Clark Mills Oneida County New York. It was built in 1863 and is a board-and-batten Gothic Revival style structure. A one story parish house was added to the south transept in 1895.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Odostomia contrerasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Al Bayan (in Arabic البيان The Dispatch in English) is a popular Arabic language newspaper in the United Arab Emirates. The paper is based in Dubai.
 The Flowers Building is a building built in 1902 in Columbus Georgia. Its Chicago style design is by architect T. Firth Lockwood. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 as the Columbian Lodge No. 7 Free and Accepted Masons.The building was constructed in 1902 as meeting hall for local Masonic lodges (with commercial retail and office space rented on the floors not occupied by the Masons). The Masons sold the building to a Mr. Flowers in 1940.
 St. Rita's Church is a Roman Catholic-parish church governed by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York in Staten Island New York City. There was a St. Rita of Cascia's Church (Bronx New York) established in 1900.
 Falkneria is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This genus has incorrectly been referred to as Falkneri which was an orthographical error by Giusti & Manganelli in 1990.
 Liam Ó Buachalla (1899 – 15 October 1970) was a Fianna Fáil politician from County Galway in Ireland. He was a Senator from 1939 to 1969 and was twice elected as Cathaoirleach of Seanad Éireann.A Professor of Economics at University College Galway (UCG) Ó Buachalla was nominated by the Taoiseach Éamon de Valera to the 3rd Seanad in 1939 to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Colonel Maurice Moore. He was re-appointed to the 4th Seanad and to the 5th.
 Amphistephanites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Invasion is a TV film based on Robin Cook's book Invasion. It starred Luke Perry Kim Cattrall and Rebecca Gayheart.
 The Car Over the Lake Album is the third album by the Southern country rock band the Ozark Mountain Daredevils. Recorded in Nashville Tennessee it was named after its cheerfully surreal cover illustration which was borrowed from a poster advertising one of the band's college gigs. This package originally included a 33⅓ rpm red acetate E.P. record nicknamed The Little Red Record that was only available in the very first pressings of the album.
 Kam Zard (Persian: كم زرد‎; also known as Kamar Zard) is a village in Dehrud Rural District Eram District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 29 families.
 Tiësto in Concert is a DVD of Tiësto's concert on May 10 2003 at the Gelredome in Arnhem Gelderland Netherlands when he performed before an audience of over 25000 peoplethe concert was divided into parties with live performances of groups bands and artists representaror to a country which in turn representing a continent in the following order: In the presentasion Tiesto intro followed by live performance by singer Andain presented to Britain Europe a group of carnival Sanba presented to Brazil South America the singer's live performance and band Dinand Woesthoff Star Spangled Banner presented to the United States of America North America the Chinese group I play the theme Tiësto in Concert Asia presented to China Asia after the live performance by singer Jan Johnston after the live performance of Omar Ka & Fula Band presented to Africa in general and finally the live performance of Jonge & Beijerink Presented to Australia Oceania.
 The Sal Amargo River is a river of Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.
 Star Wars: Storm in the Glass (Russian: Звёздные войны: Буря в стакане refers to operation of Persian Gulf War Desert Storm) sometimes translated as Star Wars: Tempest in a Teapot is a humorous 2004 English-to-Russian movie spoof of the 1999 science fantasy film Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace by popular Russian movie translator Dmitry Goblin Puchkov.
 Gorizont (Russian: Горизонт Horizon) is the first major Russian language newspaper in Colorado. Тhe newspaper serves the Russian-speaking community of the Denver-Aurora Metropolitan Area. Gorizont was established in 1995 by Anatoli Muchnik. In 1996 Muchnik appointed Leonid Reznikov a recently emigrated Russian scientist as executive editor.
 Rialto Theatre also known as the Miller and Washington Block is a historic commercial block and theatre located at Monticello in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1921 and the theatre was developed as part of a commercial block which incorporated three storefronts and a restaurant occupying the entire second floor. The block is two stories tall and a broad six bays wide constructed of brick. The theatre auditorium extended 136 feet to the rear and constructed of parged concrete.
 Cumalar is a village in the District of Karpuzlu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 212 people.
 Chelsea is a historic home located near West Point King William County Virginia. It was built in 1709 and consists of a two-story brick main block with a hipped roof and 1 1/2-story gambrel roofed rear ell. In 1781 shortly before the Battle of Yorktown Lafayette's army camped at Chelsea and the Marquis de Lafayette used the house as his headquarters.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.
 Fire Safety Journal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal dealing with original and multidisciplinary research on all aspects of the science and engineering of fire fire safety and fire protection.
 Modesto Agosto Alicea (born December 7 1943 in Comerío Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican politician and former senator. He was a member of the Senate of Puerto Rico from 1997 to 2005 representing the Popular Democratic Party (PPD).
 Screech Lake is a 16 acre lake in Cook County Minnesota which is tributary to the Poplar River. Water clarity surveys performed by the University of Minnesota indicated Screech Lake had a visibility of 1.36 meters in 2008 although earlier surveys have yielded values of nearly 5 meters.
 Krotoszyn [krɔˈtɔʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Osięciny 19 km (12 mi) east of Radziejów and 43 km (27 mi) south of Toruń.
 The Brandywine River Museum is a museum of regional and American art located on U.S. Route 1 in Chadds Ford Pennsylvania on the banks of the Brandywine Creek. The museum showcases the art of Andrew Wyeth a major American realist painter and his family: his father N.C.
 The Lonfit River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Michael J. Marcello (born May 30 1968 in Providence Rhode Island) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing District 41 since January 2009.
 Cima dal Cantun is a mountain of the Bregaglia Range (Alps) located between the valleys of the Albigna and the Forno Glacier in Graubünden.
 Hulikottal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Suruga Bay (駿河湾 Suruga-wan) is a bay on the Pacific coast of Honshū in Shizuoka Prefecture Japan. It is situated north of an imaginary line joining Omaezaki Point and Irōzaki Point at the tip of the Izu Peninsula and surrounded by Honshū to the southwest and west and the Izu Peninsula to the east.
 The Island River is a river of Minnesota.
 Hylaeamys laticeps also known as the Atlantic Forest Oryzomys or Large-headed Rice Rat is a species of rodent in the genus Hylaeamys of family Cricetidae. The rodent is endemic to the Atlantic Forest region of southeastern Brazil. The taxonomic history of Hylaeamys laticeps has been complex and the name laticeps has been used for various members of the genera Cerradomys Euryoryzomys Transandinomys and Hylaeamys at different times.
 Sadegh Najafi-Khazarlou (Persian: صادق نجفی born 2 December 1960) is an Iranian politician and the fifty-fifth mayor of Tabriz. He is elected by the city council of Tabriz on 13 October 2013 and was inaugurated on 1 January 2014 in Saat City Hall.
 Thomas Leaming House is located in Middle Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1706 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 1 1997.Leaming was a member the fifth session (June-August 1776) of the Provincial Congress of New Jersey which ordered the arrest of the colony's last royal governor William Franklin approved the Declaration of Independence and wrote New Jersey's first state constitution (1776).
 Bastam Beg (Persian: بسطام بگ‎ also Romanized as Basṭām Beg; also known as Basţām Beyk) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 299 in 44 families.
 The Begheiu Mic River or Bega Mică River or Teba River is a tributary of the Timișaț Canal in Romania. Although small it has significant cultural significance to the locals.
 JPod is a novel by Douglas Coupland published by Random House of Canada in 2006. Set in 2005 the book explores the strange and unconventional everyday life of the main character Ethan Jarlewski and his team of video game programmers whose last names all begin with the letter 'J'.JPod was adopted as a CBC television series co-written by Douglas Coupland. It premiered on January 8 2008 and ran until its cancellation on March 7 2008 leaving the series with a permanent cliffhanger.
 Wielki Szyszak (Czech: Vysoké Kolo German: Hohes Rad literally Big Helmet) is a mountain on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland. It is situated in the central (Silesian) part of the main mountain range of the Karkonosze right above the village of Jagniątków. Its peak is at 1509 m above sea level. It is situated between Śnieżne Kotły and Śmielec.Mount Wielki Szyszak is the tenth-highest mountain in the Czech Republic.
 Brokers Tip (1930–1953) by Black Toney out of the French mare Forteresse was a Thoroughbred racehorse and the only horse in history whose sole win was in the Kentucky Derby. His Derby win went down in history as the Fighting Finish because Brokers Tip's jockey (Don Meade) and Herb Fisher (the jockey aboard rival Head Play) literally fought one another atop their mounts down the homestretch.
 The Dark at the Top of the Stairs is a 1957 play by William Inge about family conflicts during the early 1920s in a small Oklahoma town. It was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Play in 1958 and was made into a film in 1960.
 Sega Power initially known as S: The Sega Magazine was a Future publication aimed at the Sega range of consoles including the Master System Mega Drive Game Gear and later on the Mega-CD 32X and Saturn. The magazine was later relaunched as Saturn Power when the other Sega consoles faded away.
 How to Destroy Angels (Remixes and Re-Recordings) is a remix album by Coil. All of the songs are remixes from the 12 single of the same name. It contains different versions and mixes of the song How To Destroy Angels and features cover artwork by filmmaker Derek Jarman. The remixes were produced by John Balance Peter Christopherson and Steven Stapleton of Nurse With Wound. The song Absolute Elsewhere is blank and silent as it was originally released.
 The giant Lake Biwa catfish (Silurus biwaensis) or Biwako-o'namazu ビワコオオナマズ (Japan) is the largest predatory catfish species endemic to Lake Biwa in Japan.
 Pam Roth was a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 75th district from 2001 until her resignation in August 2013.
 Straight Shooting is a 1917 American silent Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey. Prints of this film survive in the International Museum of Photography and Film at George Eastman House.
 Hotel Waverly is a historic hotel at 1162-1166 Acushnet Avenue in New Bedford Massachusetts.The hotel was built in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.Completely renovated in 2000 it is now home to low income housing and known as Talbot Apartments.
 Der Fackelträger is an East German film directed by Johannes Knittel. It was released in 1957.
 Abdullahi Ibrahim is a Nigerian lawyer politician and administrator. He is a former Federal Minister of Justice.Ibrahim was called to the English Bar in 1963 and was called to the Nigerian Bar in 1964. He served as Legal Adviser and Senior State Counsel in the defunct Northern Region of Nigeria. He entered private practice in 1973 as Managing Partner of Abdullahi Ibrahim and company.Ibrahim was Legal Adviser and later Chairman of New Nigeria Development Company Limited (NNDC).
 Dąbrówka [dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Krajeński within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Kamień Krajeński 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 790.
 Maraqopa is the tenth studio album by American rock musician Damien Jurado produced by Richard Swift. It was released on 21 February 2012 on Secretly Canadian.The story follows a man who disappears from society. He takes nothing with him except a couple hundred dollars and stumbles upon a mysterious place called Maraqopa. He's discovering a lot of interesting things about who he is Jurado explains. He ends up leaving Maraqopa after a while and then he gets into a car accident.
 Abu Masul (Persian: ابوماصول‎ also Romanized as Abū Māşūl) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District in the Central District of Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Galan (Persian: گلان‎ also Romanized as Galān and Golān; also known as Gulān and Kūlān) is a village in Kumasi Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 37 families.
 Diamond is a full length album from 12012. The album was their major label debut after their move to Universal Music. The album is available in two editions a regular and special edition; the regular containing a bonus track and the special a DVD featuring making-of footage the music video for Diamond as well as live footage and a promotional poster.
 Timeless is the eighth studio album from Wet Wet Wet and their first in ten years. The album was released on 12 November 2007. The sleeve artwork is designed by Klaus Voorman who also designed the artwork for The Beatles album Revolver.[1]
 Le Tâche (1691 m) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps overlooking the Rhone valley at Vouvry in the canton of Valais. It lies east of the Lac de Taney.
 Ania Movie is the fourth studio album by Polish singer Ania released in 2010.
 Peter Thomas King (born April 5 1944) is the U.S. Representative for New York's 2nd congressional district and a candidate for U.S. President in the 2016 presidential election.
 Playmates is a 1918 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Gol Maal (Devnagari: गोल माल Urdu: گول مال meaning hodgepodge confusion) is a 1979 Bollywood comedy movie directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The film was produced by Mukherjee and N.C.Sippy with music by Rahul Dev Burman. The film's music was crafted by Burman to match the timbre of Mukherjee's perception of a subtle yet complex love story involving the Indian middle class.
 The Ogun River is a waterway in Nigeria that discharges into the Lagos Lagoon.
 Gabar is a village in Sozopol Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 The South Omaha City Hall is part of the South Omaha Main Street Historic District located at 5002 South 24th Street in the South Omaha neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska. It was designed by notable local architect John Latenser Sr..
 Rhomboptila is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ben Boo (born January 1925) is former Minnesota politician who served as the 33rd mayor of Duluth from 1967–1975 and as a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives representing District 8B from 1984-1993.A Republican Boo was first elected Duluth's mayor in 1966 and was re-elected in 1970. During his time in office he was involved with advancing tourism in Duluth including the creation of Spirit Mountain.
 Macroglossum passalus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Sri Lanka India Thailand south-eastern China Taiwan southern Japan Indonesia (Sumatra Java) and the Philippines.The wingspan is 52–62 mm. Adults are attracted to the flowers of Duranta erecta and Lantana camara. They are on wing at dawn and dusk.Larvae have been recorded feeding on Daphniphyllum calycinum in Hong Kong Photinia glabra in Japan and Photinia lindleyana in India.
 Thomas Walter Scott – known less formally as Walter Scott – (October 27 1867 – March 23 1938) was the first Premier of the province of Saskatchewan in Canada (1905–1916).
 Didier J.L. Reynders (born 6 August 1958) is a Belgian politician and a member of the Mouvement Réformateur (MR). He was Belgian Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Finance and Institutional Reforms in the Van Rompuy I Government which took office on 30 December 2008.He was born in Liège as the youngest in a family of three children. He studied law at the University of Liège. He served as Chairman of the NMBS / SNCB from 1986 to 1991.
 Lake Ann is a village in Benzie County of the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 268 at the 2010 census. The village is located within Almira Township 12 miles west of Traverse City.
 In the Presence of Mine Enemies: 1965-1973 - A Prisoner of War is a memoir by American pilot Howard E. Rutledge co-written with his wife of his time in a Vietnamese POW camp during the Vietnam War. When it was published it was the first book-length firsthand treatment of the experiences of American prisoners of war in Vietnam. It was made into a documentary in the same year. After the war Rutledge was an unsuccessful candidate for Congress. He died of cancer in 1984.
 The Horseshoe Pass (Welsh: Bwlch yr Oernant Pass of the Cold Stream) is a mountain pass in Denbighshire north-east Wales. It separates Llantysilio Mountain to the west from Cyrn-y-Brain to the east. The A542 road from Llandegla to Llangollen runs through the pass reaching a maximum height of 417 metres (1368 ft). The road travels in a horseshoe shape around the sides of a valley giving the pass its name. This route dates from 1811 when a turnpike road was constructed across the area.
 Garhi Dilawar is a village in the Raebareli district of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The village was at one time called Behrana and this name is still occasionally used today.
 Let There Be Love is Joni James debut album recorded in 1953 and released by MGM Records at the end of the year. It was released in a four-disc 10-inch 78-rpm record box in both a two-disc 7-inch 45-rpm extended-play foldout album and a four-disc 45-rpm regular-play box and on a 10-inch 33⅓-rpm album. The serial number 222 coincidentally included James's lucky number 22 which appeared in many of her record serial numbers all over the world.
 Berikhun (Persian: بريخون‎ also Romanized as Berīkhūn and Bārīkhūn) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 307 in 66 families.
 Live From the Pharmacy is the fifth album by the Huntington Beach California punk rock band Guttermouth released in 1998 by Nitro Records. It was the band's first live album and consists of a live concert performance from 1994 and 4 new tracks recorded in 1998.The live portion of the album was recorded when the band was kicked off of a tour in South Carolina due to their outrageous behavior so they booked some shows at a local club and recorded them.
 Din of Ecstasy is the second studio album by singer-songwriter and guitarist Chris Whitley. It was produced primarily by John Custer and Chris Whitley. The album was recorded by Steve Melton (assisted by Danny Kadar and Kent Bruce) and mixed by Toby Wright (assisted by John Seymour) at Muscle Shoals Sound in Sheffield Alabama as well as Baby Monster Sony Music Studios and Electric Lady Studios in New York City.
 Parallel (ぱられる) is a Japanese shōnen manga by Toshihiko Kobayashi. It tells the story of two high school students Shinnosuke Nekota and Sakura Hoshino who are forced to live together in the same house when their parents become unofficially engaged and leave the country for their work. The manga spans four volumes comprising a total of 19 chapters as well as a one-chapter special.
 Kirigankumbura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Dark Ride is a 2006 American horror-thriller film directed by Craig Singer and written by Singer and Robert Dean Klein. It was selected to play at the 8 Films To Die For film festival being one of the first 8 films to be in the 8 Films To Die For films series. The film revolves around a group of friends who are terrorized by a crazy masked murderer at a dark ride in an amusement park.
 Frontera is an upcoming American drama film directed by Michael Berry. The film stars Eva Longoria Michael Peña Ed Harris and Amy Madigan.
 Frank Duff Moores (February 18 1933 – July 10 2005) served as the second Premier of Newfoundland. He served as leader of the Progressive Conservatives from 1972 until his retirement in 1979.
 Gildoran (foaled 6 June 1980) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and stallion. A specialist stayer he won the Ascot Gold Cup in 1984 and 1985. His other wins included the Sagaro Stakes and the Goodwood Cup. In all he won seven races in a twenty-two race career which lasted from 1983 until 1985 during which he showed an aptitude for extreme distances and fast ground. He made little impact at stud.
 Eleanor McEvoy is the 1993 studio album debut of Eleanor McEvoy released on Geffen Records.
 Rubicon Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe in the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County California.
 For the theologian at Virginia Theological Seminary see Robert Prichard (theologian)John Robert Stobo Prichard OC O.Ont (born 1949) is a Canadian lawyer economist and academic. He is the past President and Chief Executive Officer and former Director of Torstar Corporation.
 The Vorder Glärnisch (2327 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking the valley of the Linth in the canton of Glarus. It lies east of the higher Glärnisch (2914 m).Unlike its higher neighbour the Vorder Glärnisch can be ascended via a trail on its north-west side.
 Cancellaria ghiorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Servants of Darkness is the third album of Swedish black metal band Nifelheim. It was released in 2000 on CD (first 1000 came with a slipcase) LP (only 1000 copies 200 on golden vinyl) and on cassette by Rockor Disc in Romania.
 The Wheels of If is a classic alternate history science fiction story by L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in the magazine Unknown Fantasy Fiction for October 1940 and first appeared in book form in de Camp's collection The Wheels of If and Other Science Fiction (Shasta 1940).
 The Final Tic is the debut album by Crucial Conflict. It was released on July 2 1996 through Pallas and Universal Records and was entirely produced by member Wildstyle. The album was a success due in large part to the group's breakthrough single Hay which became a top-20 single peaking at 20 on the Billboard 200.
 Compass is the sixth album by the American electronic act Assemblage 23. It was released on October 1 2009 on Metropolis Records and Accession Records.
 Neachandella is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Candide or Optimism — Part II is an apocryphal picaresque novel possibly written by Thorel de Campigneulles (1737–1809) or Henri Joseph Du Laurens (1719–1797) published in 1760. Candide was written by Voltaire and had been published a year earlier (1759). This work was banned and became popular enough that pirated versions started to appear.
 Shawn T. Flaherty is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 30th legislative district. He was first elected in a special election in 2006 to fill the remainder of Jeff Habay's term. That November Flaherty was defeated by Randy Vulakovich.Flaherty the eldest son of former Pittsburgh Mayor Pete Flaherty graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in 1981 and earned a law degree from the Duquesne University School of Law in 1985.
 The Pusta reka (Serbian Cyrillic: Пуста река) is a river in southern Serbia a 71-km long left tributary to the Južna Morava. It also gives the name to the Pusta Reka region in its valley.
 The Passion of Michel Foucault is a biography of the French philosopher Michel Foucault authored by the American philosopher James Miller. It was first published in the United States by Simon & Schuster in 1993.Within the book Miller made the claim that Foucault's experiences in the gay sadomasochism community during the time he taught at Berkeley directly influenced his political and philosophical works.
 Troglotroctes ashmolearum is a wingless insect of the order Psocoptera in the Liposcelididae family found only on Ascension Island.
 Chez Wahlberg: Part One is a 1985 album by Blossom Dearie.Although the album is titled as part one a second part was never released.
 The Tumtum River is a 9-mile (14 km) tributary of the Marys River in Benton and Lincoln counties of the U.S. state of Oregon rising in the Central Oregon Coast Range west of Burnt Woods and draining into the Marys River north of Alder. The creek passes through the communities of Burnt Woods and Blodgett.The name Tumtum is a Chinook Jargon word for heart and the river was so-named because it was considered to be the heart of the valley through which it flowed.
 Mordellistena menoko is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae which is in the Mordellistena genus. It was discovered in 1932.
 The Motnăul Mic River is a tributary of the Motnău River in Romania.
 Popcorn is a 2007 British teen comedy film written and directed by Darren Fisher. It was filmed in 2005 at one of London's largest multiplex cinemas (Odeon Greenwich).
 The Healing is the third album by underground hip hop group Strange Fruit Project released July 25 2006 on Om Records. The album was generally well-received and drew the group comparisons to underground peers like Little Brother. The release was beloved by underground fans for its Golden Age style similar to that of the Native Tongues Posse with Jazzy production and socially conscious lyrical content.
 Be'ezrat Ha'Jam (בעזרת הג'אם) is Hadag Nachash's fourth studio album. The name of the album a pun on the Jewish phrase Be'ezrat Ha'Shem (בעזרת השם) literally meaning with the help of god or translated into modern speech God willing literally means with the help of the jam. Three songs California Ma She'Ba Ba and Hine Ani Ba were used in the film You Don't Mess With The Zohan (2009).
 The Solitary duckbill eel (Nettastoma solitarium) is an eel in the family Nettastomatidae (duckbill/witch eels). It was described by Castle and Smith in 1981.
 Now: The Hits of Spring 2008 is the 22nd album of the Australian Now! series.
 Bad Subjects (more formally Bad Subjects: Political Education For Everyday Life and sometimes The Bad Subjects Collective) is a research collaborative that operates generally out of California as part of the open access electronic publishing cooperative EServer.org.
 Kevin P. Sinnette (born March 2 1962 in Ashland Kentucky) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 100 since January 2009.
 The Wild is a fantasy novel by American ufologist and horror fiction writer Whitley Strieber that was first published in 1991.It tells the story of Bob Duke a failed poet-turned-worker at Sculley-era Apple Computer's New York City branch who can barely pay the bills for his wife and 12-year-old son. However as his grasp on his family's finances slips by the day he begins to lose his very physical composition gradually turning into a wolf.
 Linda Lingle (born Linda Cutter; June 4 1953) is an American politician who was the 6th Governor of Hawaii from 2002 until 2010. She was the first Republican elected governor of Hawaii since the departure of William F. Quinn in 1962. Lingle was also the first female governor of Hawaii; first Jewish governor of Hawaii; first county mayor elected governor of Hawaii; and the first governor of Hawaii not to have any children.
 Golden Gate Girl also known as Tears in San Francisco or Jinmen Nü is a 1941 Hong Kong film Directed by Kwan Man Ching the film was shot in San Francisco but wasn't released in America until 1946. The film is notable as it marked the film debut of Bruce Lee just a young infant at the time.
 Turn Up The Music: The Hits of Point of Grace is the 16th album and second greatest hits album by Contemporary Christian group Point of Grace. The album reached #27 on Billboard Magazine's top Christian Albums on December 10 2011.The album was released on July 12 2011 and features songs previously featured on 2003's 24 release as well as songs from the albums I Choose You How You Live and No Changin' Us.
 The Iolo Manuscripts are a collection of manuscripts compiled into a Welsh Bardic and Druidic theology book written by Iolo Morganwg edited by Taliesin Williams and published in 1848.
 Chen Quanguo (Chinese: 陈全国; born November 1955) is a politician of the People's Republic of China. He is the Communist Party Chief and the top official of the Tibet Autonomous Region. Previously he was the Governor of Hebei Province and Deputy Party Chief of his native Henan Province. Chen holds a master's degree in economics.
 The Val Viola Pass (Italian: Passo di Val Viola Romansh: Pass da Val Viola) is a high mountain pass in the Alps on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It connects Poschiavo in the Swiss canton of Graubünden with Valdidentro in the Italian region of Lombardy. The pass lies at a height of 2432 metres above sea level between Piz Paradisin and Corno di Dosdè.The pass is traversed by a trail.
 Writings and Drawings is a collection of lyrics and personal drawings from Bob Dylan. It was published in 1973 and is currently out-of-print. The book contained Dylan's lyrics from 1962's Bob Dylan to selections from 1971's Greatest Hits Volume 2. Also included are poems and other writings including album liner notes. The lyrics and writings are arranged by album era with unreleased songs grouped with the album of its period. The list price for the new book circa 1973 is $6.95.
 Lagan is one of four main westcoast rivers in south-western Sweden besides Göta älv. It is with 244 kilometers one of the longest rivers in southern Sweden.It starts in Tahesjön outside Taberg in the municipality of Jönköping flows through Vaggeryd Värnamo and Ljungby and ends in the town of Mellbystrand in the municipality of Laholm.
 Dr. Tejashwini Gowda (born 11 November 1966) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. She represents the Bangalore Rural constituency of Karnataka and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party. She was born in Doddarayappanahalli-Kanivenarayanapura.On 3/13/2014 she quit INC and joined BJP.
 Robert Roberts Hitt (January 16 1834 – September 20 1906) was an Assistant Secretary of State and later a member of the United States House of Representatives. He was born in Urbana Ohio to Reverend Thomas Smith Hitt and Emily John Hitt. He and his parents moved to Mount Morris Illinois in 1837. There he was educated at Rock River Seminary and later at De Paul University.
 16 de Abril is the Cuban Journal of Medical Students. 16 de Abril was created in 1961 as a political magazine for medical students in the medicine school of University of Havana. According to some founders the magazine was conceived during a public speech of the Cuban president Fidel Castro on April 16 1961 and published for first time in the summer of the same year. Among the founders of the magazine are Dr. Julio Tejas Dr. Daniel Inclan and Dr.
 Keshmar (Persian: كشمر‎) is a village in Kenarshahr Rural District in the Central District of Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 633 in 191 families. The village is the site of the famous Cypress of Kashmar.
 St. Joseph's Catholic Church is a former parish of the Diocese of Davenport. The church is located in rural Lacona Iowa United States one mile east of the junction of County Road G 76 and SE 97th Street. The church building still stands and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The parish was known in the Davenport Diocese as St. Joseph's Bauer.
 Stephen Joseph Harper (born April 30 1959) is a Canadian politician who is the 22nd and current Prime Minister of Canada and the Leader of the Conservative Party. Harper became prime minister in 2006 forming a minority government after the 2006 election.
 Cymbiola cymbiola is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The Advocate is a seven-day daily newspaper based in Stamford Connecticut USA. The paper is owned and operated by the Hearst Corporation a multinational corporate media conglomerate with $4 billion in revenues.The Advocate circulates in Stamford and the nearby southwestern Connecticut towns of Darien and New Canaan.
 Semi-Gloss is the 1997 self-titled debut studio album by Semi-Gloss.A different recording of the song Morning Takes the Night appears on the band's previous EP Teenie. The song Eight Million Strong appears on Teenie; the version on Semi-Gloss is a remix.The album cover design was inspired by the 1956 Blue Note recording Volume One by Sonny Rollins.
 Tour Pleyel is a skyscraper of mixed use both residential and commercial located in the commune of Saint-Denis in the suburbs of Paris France.Built in 1972 the tower is 129 meters tall. At the top is a large turning advertising sign in place since 1997 (the advertisement was firstly for Philips then for Siemens from 2006 to 2013 and is currently for Kia Motors).
 Rigi is a massif in central Switzerland. It is also known as the Queen of the Mountains. The highest peak at 1797.5 meters is the Rigi Kulm easily accessible by public transport. It offers many activities such as skiing or sledging in the winter and hiking in the summer.
 Dziadkowice [d͡ʑatkɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Дідковичі Didkovychi) is a village in Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dziadkowice. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Siemiatycze and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Impossible Thrill is Alpha's second LP. It was released on 20 March 2001 on Massive Attack's Melankolic record label. Combining trip hop downtempo and acid jazz the album features the vocals of Wendy Stubbs Helen White and Martin Barnard.
 The Else is the 12th studio album by rock group They Might Be Giants released by Idlewild Records in 2007. The album was produced in part by The Dust Brothers along with Pat Dillett and the band.The Else was first available for download through the iTunes Store on May 15 2007. The CD version was released in stores on July 10 2007 with initial runs accompanied by a full-length bonus disc of rare material Cast Your Pod To The Wind.
 Un P'tit Tour Et Puis S'en Vont : Live 1995 is a live album by the French progressive rock band Ange. It was recorded during the farewell tour of the original line-up. It was released in 1995.
 The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen: Black Dossier is an original graphic novel in the comic book series The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Kevin O'Neill. It was the last volume of the series to be published by DC Comics. Although the third book to be published it was not intended to be the third volume in the series.
 Lawrence L. Larry Buell Sr. is a Republican member of the Indiana House of Representatives representing the 89th District since 1994. He was previously a member of the Indiana House from 1980 to 1992.
 Bluestar's Prophecy is a children's fantasy novel in the Warriors series by Erin Hunter. This is the second Warriors Super Edition the first being Firestar's Quest. The book follows Bluefur as she matures from childhood and eventually becomes the leader of ThunderClan also revealing a prophecy she receives from Goosefeather: You are fire Bluepaw and you will blaze through the forest.
 My Body My Child is a 1982 television film directed by Marvin J. Chomsky and starring Vanessa Redgrave. It premiered on ABC on 12 April 1982. It includes early performances by future Sex and the City co-stars Sarah Jessica Parker and Cynthia Nixon. It is also the final role of Jack Albertson who was subsequently nominated posthumously for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie.
 Syntoniser Amani is a 2008 documentary film.
 The City in the Autumn Stars: Being a Continuation of the Story of the Von Bek Family and Its Association With Lucifer Prince of Darkness is a science fantasy novel by British author Michael Moorcock. The second book in the Von Bek trilogy it was published by Grafton in 1986.
 The Saline River is a tributary of the Ohio River approximately 27 miles (43 km) long in the Southern Illinois region of the U.S. state of Illinois. The river drains a large section of southeast Illinois with a drainage basin of 1762 square miles (4564 km2). The major tributaries include the South Fork Middle Fork and North Fork all lying within the Saline Valley.
 Yaoshanicus is a genus of cyprinid fish found in eastern Asia with one species endemic to China and one endemic to Vietnam. There are currently two species in this genus.
 Donja Vrežina is a village in Serbia located in the municipality Pantelej and in the city of Niš Niš District district. At the 2011 census there were 6629 inhabitants.Lower Vrežina is officially classified as a village in Serbia.Доња Врежина је насеље у Србији налази се у општини Пантелеј и на територији града Ниша округ Нишавски округ. На попису 2011 било је 6.629 становника.Доња Врежина је званично класификован као насеље у Србији.
 MacTribe is a web site and monthly computer magazine dedicatedto Apple Macintosh products. It is headquartered in Cambridge Massachusetts.
 Çaylıköy is a village in the District of Borçka Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 462 people.
 Metro Santa Cruz a free-circulation weekly newspaper published in Santa Cruz California from 1994 to 2009 was renamed the Santa Cruz Weekly on May 6 2009.
 Poison Pond is a small freshwater lake in the Temagami region of Northeastern Ontario Canada located near Pecours Bay of Snake Island Lake. Poison Pond is in the White Bear Forest and is typically approached from the Peregrine Trail which adjoins the Red Fox Trail to the west.
 Twilight Motel is album by American banjoist Alison Brown released in 1992.
 Koilaragatti is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 The Manchester Gazette was a conformist non-Tory newspaper based in Manchester England.Founded by William Cowdroy in 1795 the newspaper was written and printed by him and his four sons. Although considered poor quality it sold because it was the only non-Tory newspaper in Manchester.After the death of William Snr in 1814 his son William Jnr became the new editor. Selling only 250 copies weekly Cowdroy engaged his non-conformist friends of the first Little Circle to contribute articles.
 Svorksjøen is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Melhus Meldal and Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake lies about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) east of the village of Svorkmo in Orkdal.The water flows out of the lake into the river Svorka which in turn flows into the Orkla River.
 The Peel Sessions is an EP by Joy Division. It was released in 1986 on the Strange Fruit label. It features the recordings made for the for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show transmitted on 14 February 1979. The recordings were made at the BBC Studios Maida Vale London on 31 January 1979. None of the songs had been released before the transmission.The EP spent thirteen weeks on the UK Indie Chart peaking at number 4.
 Relix's Best of the Early New Riders of the Purple Sage is an album by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage. It was released on August 5 1995.
 Dr. Jagannath Mishra is an Indian politician and a former Chief Minister of Bihar and former union cabinet minister. A former Congress leader he was elected Chief Minister of Bihar three times. After leaving Congress he joined the NCP and now is in JD(U). On 30 September 2013 a special CBI court in Ranchi convicted him along with 44 others in the Fodder Scam. He was sentenced to four years imprisonment and a fine of 200000 rupees.
 In The August was a short story by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin first published in Russkaya mysl 1901 #8 August issue.[citation needed]
 I Killed the Count is a 1937 play by Alec Coppel. Its success launched Coppel's career.The play was produced on Broadway in 1942.
 Little Lord Fauntleroy is the first children's novel written by English playwright and author Frances Hodgson Burnett. It was originally published as a serial in the St. Nicholas Magazine between November 1885 and October 1886 then as a book by Scribner's in 1886. The accompanying illustrations by Reginald Birch set fashion trends and Little Lord Fauntleroy also set a precedent in copyright law when in 1888 its author won a lawsuit against E. V.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن آباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1277 in 279 families.
 Gingur (Persian: گينگور‎ also Romanized as Gīngūr) is a village in Chaybasar-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 498 in 87 families.
 Capshaw Mountain is a mountain located in Harvest Alabama. Capshaw Mountain forms a watershed that provides the water supply for the community. It extends upwards about 800 feet above the general elevation in the area. It is part of the Cumberland Plateau and has the highest elevation between the Appalachian Chain and the Rocky Mountain Chain.
 Nurani is a village in Palakkad district of Kerala state in India comprising Tamil Brahmins.
 Yusuf al-'Azmah (Arabic: يوسف العظمة‎ ALA-LC: Yūsuf al-‘Aẓmah; 1883 – July 24 1920) was the Syrian Minister of War and Chief of Staff under Prince (then King) Faisal (later to become Faisal I of Iraq) from 1918 to 1920.Al-'Azmah graduated from the Ottoman Military Academy in Istanbul in 1906.
 Phrynobatrachus phyllophilus is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is found in Ivory Coast Guinea Liberia and Sierra Leone.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Santiago also known as The Gun Runner is a 1956 film starring and co-produced by Alan Ladd set in 1898 Cuba against the background of the Cuban War of Independence. Martin Rackin wrote the screenplay and co-produced the film.
 Kermit's Swamp Years is a 2002 direct-to-video film directed by David Gumpel featuring Jim Henson's Muppets including a 12-year-old Kermit and best friends Goggles and Croaker who travel outside their homes in the swamps of the Deep South to do something extraordinary with their lives. The film which tells the story of Kermit the Frog's early life is a prequel to The Muppet Movie.
 The Marion Courthouse Square Historic District is a historic district in Marion Alabama. It is centered on the Perry County Courthouse and includes examples of Greek Revival Gothic Revival and Tudor Revival architecture. The boundaries are roughly along Green Washington Jefferson Jackson Franklin Clements Centreville and Monroe Streets. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 16 1996.
 Whale (Bulgarian: Кит / Kit) is a 1970 Bulgarian satirical comedy film directed by Petar B. Vasilev and written by Cheremuhin. The film stars Georgi Kaloyanchev Dimitar Panov Georgi Partsalev Grigor Vachkov and Tsvyatko Nikolov.This film had one of the most scandalous and at the same time mythological destiny in the history of the Bulgarian cinema.
 Monday Mourning is the seventh novel by Kathy Reichs starring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan. Kathy Reichs herself is a forensic anthropologist who works for Office of the Chief Medical Examiner State of North Carolina and for the Laboratoire des Sciences Judiciaires et de Médecine Légale for the province of Quebec.
 Content is the seventh full-length studio album by UK band Gang of Four released January 24 2011 on Grönland Records in Europe and the following day on Yep Roc Records in the US.
 Mountain of Destiny (German: Berg des Schicksals) is a 1924 German silent drama film written and directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Hannes Schneider Frida Richard Erna Morena and Luis Trenker. The film is about an alpinist who falls to his death while climbing a dangerous peak. His son later succeeds where his father had failed. The film was released in the United Kingdom with the title The Mountaineers.
 The Hypotiini are a tribe of moths of the Pyralidae family.
 Xerolenta is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Hygromiidae the harry snails and their allies.
 Hlíðarfjall is a mountain located west of the Icelandic town Akureyri in Eyjafjörður. It is the site of one of two major ski resorts in Iceland. The former hotel no longer offers accommodation and is now mostly used for meetings.Hlíðarfjall is generally considered to be named after Lögmannshlíð a (formerly important) homestead and church site on the slopes of the mountain (the word hlíð having the meaning slope).
 Walk the Plank is the second studio album from the American country music band Pirates of the Mississippi. Released in 1991 on Capitol Records Nashville it includes the singles Fighting for You Till I'm Holding You Again and Too Much which was co-written by Lee Roy Parnell and Guy Clark. These singles respectively reached #41 #22 and #37 on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 Merrionette Park is a village in Cook County Illinois United States. The population was 1900 as of the 2010 census.
 Sauerbach (Aal) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Notomithrax ursus is a spider crab of the family Majidae found in south-east Australia and New Zealand. Males grow to a carapace width of 42 millimetres (1.7 in) and a carapace length of 60 mm (2.4 in) while females reach 36 mm (1.4 in) by 43 mm (1.7 in). They are typically found among seaweed in rockpools and are themselves usually covered in seaweed.
 Healy is a submarine volcano located among New Zealand's Kermadec Islands. Its last major eruption took place around 1360 creating a large caldera.
 Janmabhoomi (English: Home Land) is a 1969 Malayalam film written directed and produced by John C. Sankaramangalam with Madhu Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair S. P. Pillai and Ushakumari in the star cast. It marks the directorial debut of John Sankaramangalam who later directed critically acclaimed feature films like Avalalppam Vaikippoyi (1971) and Samantharam (1985). It won the Nargis Dutt Award for Best Feature Film on National Integration.
 Brody Małe [ˈbrɔdɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 29 kilometres (18 mi) south-east of Płock and 68 km (42 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Robert Barry Cutler (August 11 1810 – April 3 1882) was a Canadian Liberal politician who represented the riding of Kent New Brunswick for one term from 1872 to 1874. He represented Kent in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1850 to 1856.Born in Westmorland New Brunswick the son of Eben Cutler he was educated at Annapolis Grammar School. He married Henrietta F. Charters in 1831. In 1855 he was a commissioner to settle the Canada disputed territory fund.
 Blade is a 1998 American vampire-superhero action film starring Wesley Snipes and Stephen Dorff loosely based on the Marvel Comics character Blade. Snipes plays Blade a human-vampire hybrid who protects humans from vampires.The film was directed by Stephen Norrington and written by David S. Goyer. Blade grossed $70 million at the U.S. box office and $131.2 million worldwide. It was followed by two sequels Blade II and Blade: Trinity both written by Goyer.
 The Premature Burial (1962) is an American International Pictures horror film directed by Roger Corman starring Ray Milland also with Hazel Court Alan Napier Heather Angel and Richard Ney screenplay by Charles Beaumont and Ray Russell based upon the 1844 short story of the same name by Edgar Allan Poe. It was the third in the series of eight Poe-themed pictures known informally as the Poe Cycle directed by Corman for American International.
 United States and Japan greatest hits compilation featuring every single The Cult had released at the time with the additional Beauty's On The Street and In the Clouds. It was released by The Cult's then record company Beggars Banquet Records without The Cult's participation. In the years since its release singer Ian Astbury and guitarist Billy Duffy have occasionally been vocal about their dislike of this release with Astbury calling it sad on their official website in 2006.
 Cinnyricinclus is a genus of relatively small starlings in the Sturnidae family. They are found in wooded habitats of mainland sub-Saharan Africa.
 Rudka Starościańska [ˈrutka starɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uścimów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 The Church of St Peter and St Paul in Shepton Mallet Somerset England dates from the 12th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.There is evidence of a church on the site from before the Norman Conquest and the font may date from that time.
 Sir Robert Francis Cooper KCMG MVO (born 1947 in Essex United Kingdom) is a British diplomat and advisor currently serving as a Special Advisor at the European Commission with regard to Myanmar. He is also a member of the European Council on Foreign Relations and is an acclaimed publisher on foreign affairs.
 The Bennett Range is a subrange of the Tagish Highland located on the west side of Bennett Lake in Yukon and British Columbia Canada.
 Blueprint Newspaper is a Nigerian daily print newspaper founded and published in Abuja Nigeria. The newspaper started as a weekly publication in May 2011 then switched to a daily paper in September 2011.
 The (former) abbey church Saint Maurice (French:Abbatiale Saint-Maurice) is the main attraction of the village of Ebersmunster near Sélestat Alsace.The church completed in 1727 the work of Vorarlberg architect Peter Thumb is considered one of the most beautiful Baroque churches in France.
 Exchange and Provost also known as the Old Exchange & Provost Dungeon Custom House and Half-Moon Battery and The Exchange is a historic building located in Charleston South Carolina USA.It was built from 1767-1771 as the Royal Exchange.
 Ultraviolet is the sixth full-length studio album by American sludge metal group Kylesa. It is also the group's third album to be released through Season of Mist.
 Theriella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).T. tenuistyla was moved from genus Yepoella when erecting this genus.
 Pęplino [pɛmˈplinɔ] (German: Horst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Ustka 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Słupsk and 116 km (72 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 371.
 Saturday Sunday and Friday originally titled Sabato domenica e venerdì is a 1979 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Castellano & Pipolo Pasquale Festa Campanile and Sergio Martino.
 Elemen is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 119 people.
 Exocentrus ritae is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Sama in 1985 and is endemic to Turkey. The beetles inhabit deciduous trees. They measure 3-5 millimetres in length and can live for approximately 1-2 years.
 Nartanasala (Telugu: నర్తనశాల English:dance floor) was a 1963 Indian mythological Telugu film written by Samudrala Raghavacharya and directed by Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao. It was produced by Rajyam Pictures in Black and White. The film was a blockbuster and has won the National Film Award for Second Best Feature Film in 1963 at the 11th National Film Awards.The film has won the best art direction award at the Afro Asian film festival in Jakarta.
 Crvena gora (Serbian Cyrillic: Црвена гора) is a mountain in western Serbia above the town of Ivanjica. Its highest peak Opaljenička ćava has an elevation of 1215 m (3986 ft) above sea level.
 James N. Gabriel (February 26 1923 – November 26 1991) was an American attorney and judge who served as the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts from 1971 to 1972 and again from 1973 to 1977. From 1977 to 1990 he was a United States bankruptcy court judge for the District of Massachusetts. During his last four years on the bench he was the court's chief judge.
 St. John the Baptist Catholic Church is a historic church on FM 1383 in Ammannsville Texas.It was built in 1917 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Lepidoperca is a small genus of fish belonging to the anthia subfamily (Anthiinae). It includes ten species.
 Son of India is a 1962 Bollywood film written and directed by Mehboob Khan. The film stars Kamaljith Simi Garewal Jayant and Kumkum in the lead roles. The music of this film is by Naushad and the lyrics by Shakeel Badayuni.
 Mościska [mɔɕˈt͡ɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 32 km (20 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Christiane Taubira or Christiane Taubira-Delannon (French pronunciation: ​[kʁis.tjan to.bi.ʁa] ; born 2 February 1952 Cayenne French Guiana) is a French politician who on 15 May 2012 was appointed Minister of Justice of France in the new Ayrault government under President François Hollande.She studied at Panthéon-Assas University.Having served as president of her party Walwari Taubira from 1993 served as a deputy at the French National Assembly and was re-elected in 1997.
 Scandal at Scourie is an American drama movie released in 1953 and starring Greer Garson Walter Pidgeon above the title and co-starring Donna Corcoran.
 China Clipper is a 1936 dramatic film written by Frank Spig Wead produced by First National Pictures distributed by parent company Warner Brothers and starring Pat O'Brien Ross Alexander Humphrey Bogart and in his last motion picture appearance the venerable Henry B. Walthall as Dad. Walthall was gravely ill during production and his illness is incorporated into his character's role; he died during production.
 Frank McAveety (born 27 July 1962) is a Scottish Labour Co-operative politician and is a member of Glasgow City Council having been elected to represent Ward 19 (Shettleston) at the Council elections in May 2012. He was formerly the Member of the Scottish Parliament for Glasgow Shettleston from 1999 until 2011.
 Wat Phnom Daily is a Khmer language newspaper published in Cambodia with its headquarters in Phnom Penh.
 Blue Afternoon released in 1969 was Tim Buckley's first self-produced record and his debut for Herb Cohen and Frank Zappa's Straight record label. This was Buckley's fourth album after Tim Buckley Goodbye and Hello and Happy Sad. Blue Afternoon used the same group of musicians as Happy Sad with the inclusion of drummer Jimmy Madison.Several tracks on Blue Afternoon are songs Buckley had intended to record on earlier albums but had not completed.
 Everly Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 007 from trail 458.Everly Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Plummer Lake is over the pass to the southeast of Everly Lake.
 Potter Place Railroad Station is a historic train station on Depot Street in Andover New Hampshire.It was built in 1874 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Barzyar Zahedan (Persian: برزیار‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 46 families.
 The Great Xenops (Megaxenops parnaguae) is a Furnariid bird which is endemic to the Caatinga region of north-eastern Brazil. It is monotypic within the genus Megaxenops.Its name refers to the superficial similarities to the true xenopses of the genus Xenops. Its bill is similarly up-curved but with a total length of c. 16 cm (6 in) it is noticeably larger and overall bright cinnamon-rufous with a white throat.
 Christodoulos Christodoulou (in Greek Χριστόδουλος Χριστοδούλου) born 1939 in Avgorou is a Cypriot economist lawyer and a politician. He served as a Finance Minister of Cyprus under president Glafcos Clerides from 7 November 1994 until 18 March 1999.
 Akkadevanahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Heggadadevankote taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Jean-Baptiste Lauzon (March 15 1858 – June 18 1944) was a politician in Manitoba Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba on three occasions: from 1897 to 1899 from 1907 to 1910 and from 1914 to 1915. Lauzon was a member of the Conservative Party.Lauzon was born on March 15 1858 in Pointe Claire Canada East (now Quebec). He was educated at Pointe Claire College and moved to Manitoba to work as a cattle dealer.
 Man Sai-cheong (born 15 July 1944 Hong Kong) was a member of the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (1991–95) Urban Council of Hong Kong (1986–95) and Eastern District Board (1988–94).He graduated from the Queen's College and attended the University of Hong Kong and received degrees in Bachelor of Arts and Master of Philosophy.
 Kurulu Bedda is a 1961 Sri Lankan drama written by P. K. D Seneviratne. It attempted to follow in the precedent set by Rekava and create a truly Sinhala film.
 Słaboszów [swaˈbɔʂuf] is a village in Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Słaboszów. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Miechów and 44 km (27 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 340.
 The Ghiurca River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania. The river starts at the junction of headwaters Ghiurca Mare and Ghiurca Mică
 The Sky's The Limit (1943) is a romantic musical comedy film starring Fred Astaire and Joan Leslie with music by Harold Arlen and lyrics by Johnny Mercer. The film was directed by Edward H. Griffith and released by RKO Radio Pictures.This was an unusual departure for Astaire one which caused some consternation among film critics and fans at the time[citation needed] though not enough to prevent the film doing well.
 Bučje is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Perumkunnil Junction (also known as VazhanasalaMukk) is a small village in Pathanamthitta district Travancore region Kerala India. It is on the route between Aranmula (famous for its boat races) and Pathanamthitta (en route to the holy pilgrimage destination of Sabarimala). The majority of its inhabitants are from Hindu and Christian backgrounds.
 Live in LA is a live album by former Yes guitarist Trevor Rabin released on February 4 2003 through Voiceprint Records. It was recorded in late 1989 during Rabin's tour for Can't Look Away his third studio album released earlier that year.
 Valderøy Church (Norwegian: Valderøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Giske Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the south side of the village of Nordstrand on the island of Valderøya. The church is part of the Valderøy parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white brick church was built in 1961 by the architect Øyvind B. Grimnes. It was officially consecrated for use on 29 July 1961. The church seats about 530 people.
 Tung Kuo-yu (Chinese: 董國猷; pinyin: Dǒngguóyóu) is a politician in the Republic of China (ROC). He is the current ROC Representative to European Union and Belgium.
 Bulldog Drummond's Secret Police is a 1939 American country house murder mystery film directed by James Patrick Hogan based on the H. C. McNeile novel Temple Tower.
 The Leader-Spirit is a community newspaper serving the communities of Dresden Bothwell and Thamesville Ontario. Its first issue was published on Dec. 31 2008. The Leader-Spirit is a tabloid and is a paid paper that goes to about 2000 subscribers. The Leader-Spirit is an amalgamation of the Dresden Leader and the Spirit of Bothwell.
 Holy Cross Armenian Apostolic Church is a significant Armenian Apostolic Churchin Washington Heights Manhattan New York City at 580 West 187th Street. It occupies the former second location of the Lutheran church of The Lutheran Church of Our Saviour established in 1897 as a mission church of St. John's Evangelical Lutheran Church and built in its second location at West 187th Street. The church building was built between 1925 to 1926 at a cost of $30000 to designs by an architect Stoyan N.
 The Great Olympic Encyclopedia (Russian: Большая олимпийская энциклопедия or БОЭ; transliterated Bolshaya olimpiyskaya entsiklopediya) is the 3rd Olympic encyclopedia in Russian issued by the Bolshaya Rossiyskaya entsiklopediya state publisher. In 2007 the Great Olympic Encyclopedia has been included in Yandex.Dictionaries.
 The Daily Liberal is a daily newspaper produced in the city of Dubbo New South Wales Australia. The news stories published relate particularly to the city of Dubbo and the surrounding district. The newspaper was first printed in 1875. The current price for the daily editions is A$1.60. It has previously been published as The Dubbo Liberal and Macquarie Advocate and The Daily Liberal and Macquarie Advocate.The Saturday edition is published under the moniker of the Weekend Liberal.
 Baron Béla Orczy de Orczi (16 January 1822 – 7 February 1917) was a Hungarian politician and freedom fighter who served as Interior Minister between 1887 and 1889. He was also Minister of Home Defence for several months in 1884. He took part in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 he fought against the rebelling Serbs in the area of Vojvodina (natively Vajdaság). He was the de facto Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1879 and 1890. His paternal grandfather was the famous poet Lőrinc Orczy.
 Courtesy and Good Will Toward Men is the second full-length album from the Athens Georgia-based rock band Harvey Milk.
 Puccini is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti in the role of Giacomo Puccini.
 The James E. Collins House in Franklin Tennessee was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places but was removed from the Register in 1995.The property was also known as Anderson House.It was built or has other significance as of c.1866 and included Central passage plan and other architecture.
 The Fiscal Flycatcher (Sigelus silens) is a small passerine bird in the Old World flycatcher family. It is a resident breeder in Botswana South Africa Lesotho Mozambique and Swaziland and a vagrant to Namibia. It is the only member of the genus Sigelus.This species is found in subtropical open woodland dry savanna shrubland and suburban gardens.
 Aaghaaz (Hindi: आगाज़; Translated: Start) is a 2000 Indian Bollywood mobster action film directed by Yogesh Ishwar. It is the remake of a Telugu movie Shivaiah which was also produced by D. Suresh Babu.
 The Peel Sessions is an album by Pulp. Released on 23 October 2006 it is a double CD album containing all the recordings the band made for John Peel's Radio 1 show.
 Ahmadabad-e Molla Mas (Persian: احمد اباد مله ماس‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Mollā Mās; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Dinavar Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 35 families.
 John Logan Chipman (June 5 1830 – August 17 1893) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan serving as United States Representative to Congress.
 Widows (Spanish: Viudas) is a 2011 Argentine dramatic comedy film directed by Marcos Carnevale. The film was the second highest grossing non-US film in Argentina in 2011.
 Lucyna Mieczysława Andrysiak (born 2 January 1955) is a Polish politician who is a current Member of Kuyavian-Pomeranian Regional Assembly and a former Assembly Chairperson (2000–06).In 1998 Polish local election she joined the Regional Assembly I term representing the 2nd district. Since September 2000 she was Assembly Chairperson (Przewodniczący Sejmiku Województwa Kujawsko-Pomorskiego).In 2002 election she was elected again.
 The Matadors Meet the Bull is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1965 and released on the Roulette label. The album was Stitt's first for the label following Roulette's takeover of his previous label Roost Records.
 Jamalabad (Persian: جمال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jamālābād and Jemālābād) is a village in Alan Baraghush Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 411 in 115 families.
 Celatoxia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The members (species) of this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone and the Palearctic ecozone (Yunnan Himalayas).
 The Kākāwahie or Molokaʻi Creeper (Paroreomyza flammea) was a species of Hawaiian honeycreeper. It is extinct and formerly found on the Hawaiian island of Molokaʻi in Hawaii.
 Time Stops for No Mouse is a children's fiction mystery book written by Michael Hoeye. The book was first published by Speak a division of Penguin Putnam. The 250-page book was originally published in 1999 and was a finalist for the Book Sense Book of the Year award. It was reprinted in 2000 and 2002. Time Stops for No Mouse was the first in series of The Hermux Tantamoq Adventures and it currently has three sequels The Sands of Time No Time Like Show Time and Time to Smell the Roses
 Serrata boucheti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Mohan Kundariya is a Member of Legislative assembly from Tankara constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
 Pectinivalva scotodes is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in New South Wales and southern Queensland.The wingspan is 5.2–5.7 mm for males and 5.0–5.2 mm for females. In males the thorax and forewings are entirely blackish brown with a row of long blackish androconial scales projecting from the dorsum. The hindwings are rather broad dark brown and have a small narrow androconial pocket basally. Females have a paler thorax and forewings.
 The Muppet Musicians of Bremen (released on home video as Tales from MuppetLand: The Muppet Musicians of Bremen) is a 1972 television special that is an adaptation of Town Musicians of Bremen featuring The Muppets. It is directed and produced by The Muppet's creator Jim Henson. Kermit the Frog hosts the special.
 The Governor (Turkish: Vali) is a 2009 Turkish action film directed by M. Çağatay Tosun about the idealist governor of the Aegean city of Denizli where a team of engineers from the Turkish Mining Exploration Institute (MTA) have recently discovered reserves of uranium. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on January 9 2009 (2009-01-09) was one of the highest-grossing Turkish films of 2009.
 Vasum rhinoceros common name the rhinoceros vase snail or rhinoceros vase shell is a species of large predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk within the family Turbinellidae.
 Carlos Emilio Gaviria Díaz (born 8 May 1937) is a Colombian lawyer professor and politician. He served as the 5th Chief Magistrate of the Constitutional Court of Colombia where he served as a Magistrate from 1993 to 2001.
 The Yellow Spragueia (Spragueia apicalis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is also found in North America (including Alabama Florida Georgia Illinois Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maryland Mississippi Missouri North Carolina Ohio Oklahoma South Carolina Tennessee and Texas) Central America (including El Salvador and Costa Rica) Cuba and Peru.The wingspan is about 16 mm for females and 17 mm for males. Adults are sexually dimorphic.
 John Dryden (June 5 1840 – July 29 1909) was a farmer and politician in Ontario Canada.
 Cabezo de Altomira is a mountain located about 4 km NE of the town of Alfamén Campo de Cariñena comarca Aragon Spain. It is an isolated hill almost denuded of vegetation that stands out in the flat landscape even though the surrounding plain is already at an average elevation of 500 metres (1640 ft).
 Klukowo [kluˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Konstanzer Ach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Una ragazza piuttosto complicata (internationally released as A Complicated Girl) is a 1968 Italian giallo film directed by Damiano Damiani. For her performance in this film and in Metti una sera a cena Florinda Bolkan was awarded with a Golden Plate at the 1968 Edition of David di Donatello.
 Alaba is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Litiopidae.
 The Christmas Princess is a children's play comedy written by Arthur M. Jolly. It opened off-Broadway in December 2005 at The Coop Theatre Company in Los Angeles and is published by YouthPlaysInc. The play was written as a modern fairytale blending elements of the western European Brothers Grimm fairy tale and Japanese folklore.The Christmas Princess is a popular choice for school drama programs and community theatre groups.
 Greatest Hits is the first Greatest Hits album by American singer Paula Abdul. Released in 2000 it contains Paula's six #1s and other singles with the exception of the top 20 single Will You Marry Me which was released in 1992 and reached #19 on the Billboard charts. It does however include Crazy Love which was previously only available on the Japanese version of Head over Heels and not available in the US. This compilation also contains a previously unreleased Megamix Medley.
 Darah Serah Bavineh (Persian: دارسره باوينه‎ also Romanized as Dārah Serah Bāvīneh; also known as Dārah Serah) is a village in Darb-e Gonbad Rural District Darb-e Gonbad District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 29 families.
 The Masked Bride is a 1925 American silent romantic drama film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Mae Murray Francis X. Bushman and Basil Rathbone.
 John Herbert Quick House also known as Coolfont is a historic home located near Berkeley Springs Morgan County West Virginia. It was built in 1913 and is a large 2 1/2-story mansion in the Colonial Revival style. The front facade features a two story pedimented with a one story rounded portico topped by a balustrade. It was built by author John Herbert Quick (1861-1925).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Heroes of the West (Italian: Gli eroi del West) is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Steno.
 Angie Chen Button (born February 9 1954) is a Certified Public Accountant and the marketing manager of Texas Instruments from Garland Texas who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives. Since 2009 she has represented District 112 in Dallas County.In the Republican primary election held on March 4 2014 Button scored her fourth nomination to the state House by defeating conservative challenger Jared L. Patterson (born c.
 Captain Fracassa's Journey (Italian: Il viaggio di Capitan Fracassa) is a 1990 Italian comedy film directed by Ettore Scola. It was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Drama is the debut full length album of Swedish indie pop musician Montt Mardié. It was released on November 7 2005 by the Swedish record label Hybris. The album is very pop oriented allowing many different tempos and styles to be placed next to one another. References to a girl named Annie are made throughout in more than five of the albums twelve songs.
 Yuri Leonidovich Brezhnev (Russian: Юрий Леонидович Брежнев; 31 March 1933 – 3 August 2013) was the son of Soviet politician and longtime General Secretary Leonid Brezhnev and Viktoria Brezhneva.
 Logical Analysis and History of Philosophy is a peer-reviewed journal of philosophy. The journal publishes original work focusing on interpreting classical philosophical texts by drawing on the resources of modern formal logic. Logical analysis is an instrument of interpretation to shift the interpretive focus from the purely exegetical approach towards a given text to the systematic reconstruction of a theory that concerns the issues that are discussed.
 Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Świedziebnia 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Brodnica and 66 km (41 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 750.
 The Lincoln River is a 7.8-mile-long (12.6 km) river in Mason County Michigan in the United States. It is formed by the confluence of its North and South branches 5 miles (8 km) northeast of Ludington and flows westward to Lake Michigan.
 Jordanita tenuicornis is a moth of the Zygaenidae family.
 Oak Ridge City Center formerly known as Oak Ridge Mall is a shopping mall in Oak Ridge Tennessee. The site currently occupied by Oak Ridge City Center was selected by the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission to establish a permanent shopping center in the years following World War II. In 1951 the AEC selected a company headed by Guilford Glazer to build the new shopping center. A shortage of steel resulting from the Korean War delayed construction but the Downtown Shopping Center opened in 1955.
 James Allen Jim Nussle (born June 27 1960) is an American politician and a member of the Republican Party. Nussle served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1991 to 2007 was the Republican nominee for the 2006 Iowa gubernatorial election losing to Democrat Chet Culver and was the director of the Office of Management and Budget from 2007 to 2009.
 East Side Story is a 1997 documentary directed by Dana Ranga. The film documents the Soviet Bloc musical genre which first appeared under Stalin and spread to Soviet-occupied Eastern Europe. The film features interviews with actors film historians and audience members who reminisce on these unlikely films and their impact on Soviet Bloc life.
 Dragon Zakura (ドラゴン桜 Doragon Zakura) is a Japanese manga by Norifusa Mita. The manga has sold over 6 million copies and won the 2005 Kodansha Manga Award for general manga and an Excellence Prize at the 2005 Japan Media Arts Festival. It was adapted into live action television series of the same name broadcast on TBS in 2005.
 Mobarakabad (Persian: مباركاباد‎ also Romanized as Mobārakābād) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District in the Central District of Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 63 families.
 Jay K. Love Jr. (born in 1968) is a Republican member of the Alabama House of Representatives representing the 74th District since 2003. He represents part of Montgomery.
 Atthis is a genus of hummingbirds. It consists of two small species found in Central America Mexico and the southern United States.They are:Bumblebee Hummingbird Atthis heloisaWine-throated Hummingbird Atthis ellioti
 The Stolen Dormouse is a classic science fiction novella by L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published as a serial in the magazine Astounding Science-Fiction for April and May 1941 and first appeared in book form in de Camp's collection Divide and Rule (Fantasy Press 1948).
 The Grivița River is a tributary of the Ibăneasa River in Romania.
 Gerald Nash (born December 1975) is an Irish Labour Party politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Louth constituency at the 2011 general election. He was a member of Louth County Council for the Drogheda area from 2000 to 2011 and a member of Drogheda Town Council from 1999 to 2011. He served as mayor of Drogheda from 2004 to 2005.Nash was diagnosed with Crohn's disease at age 15.
 The Collegium Novum (Latin: New College) is the Neo-Gothic main building of the Jagiellonian University in Kraków Poland built in 1873-1887. Based on a design by architect Feliks Księżarski to match the oldest building of the University it was opened for the 500th anniversary of the University's foundation.
 Kesznyéten is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Agharta is a live double album by American jazz trumpeter and composer Miles Davis. It was recorded on the afternoon of February 1 1975 at one of two concerts Davis performed at the Osaka Festival Hall in Japan; the evening show produced his 1976 live album Pangaea.
 Xiphinema index (California dagger nematode) is a plant-parasitic nematode.
 The Brigham Young University Museum of Art located in Provo Utah is the university's primary art museum and is one of the best attended university-campus art museums in the United States. The museum which had been discussed for more than fifty years opened in a 10000-square-foot (930 m2) space in October 1993 with a large exhibit on the Etruscans.
 Monte Chiadenis (Friulian: Cjadenis) is a peak in the Carnic Alps northern Italy located between the comuni of Sappada and Forni Avoltri. It has an altitude of 2459 m (8068 ft).During World War I (1915–1917) it was the seat of fierce fightings between Italian alpini and Austrian Kaiserjäger.In Friulian language cjadenis means chains.
 Cable and X-Force is an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that began in December 2012 as part of Marvel NOW! The series finds Cable awakening after Avengers vs. X-Men and on the run with his new team of X-Force from the Uncanny Avengers. The series is one of two currently ongoing X-Force titles alongside Uncanny X-Force vol. 2.
 Stanislav Gross (Czech pronunciation: [ˈstaɲɪslaf ˈɡros]; born 30 October 1969) is a Czech lawyer and former politician who was Prime Minister of the Czech Republic from 2004 to 2005. A member of the Czech Social Democratic Party (ČSSD) he served as Minister of the Interior from 2000 to 2004.
 Destination Piovarolo (Italian: Destinazione Piovarolo) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Domenico Paolella.
 Dictyoptera (from Ancient Greek diktuon net + pteron wing) is an insect superorder that includes two orders of polyneopterous insects - the termites and cockroaches (both order: Blattaria) along with the mantids (order: Mantodea).
 Euphaedra hebes the Hebes Pink Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in north-eastern Guinea Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon and Gabon. The habitat consists of wetter forests.
 Lake Overholser is a reservoir within the city limits of Oklahoma City Oklahoma. Lake Overholser is formed by Overholser Dam on the North Canadian River in Oklahoma County Oklahoma. It is located just west of the suburban city of Bethany. The lake covers approximately 1500 acres (6 km²) and was constructed in 1919 to provide water to a treatment plant. Lake Overholser is named after Ed Overholser who was the 16th Mayor of the City of Oklahoma City.U.S.
 Hotel Majestic is the historical hotel in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. This hotel is located near Kuala Lumpur Railway Station. It was built in 1932 as a 51 room hotel. During World War Two it was used as a transit camp by the Japanese. When Japan surrendered it was reported that a soldier committed suicide in room 48. Dato Onn bin Jaafar held an inaugural meeting for the formation of the Independence of Malaya Party (IMP) a non-racial party at the Majestic Hotel on 17 September 1951.
 William Windham PC PC (Ire) (14 May [O.S. 3 May] 1750 – 4 June 1810) was a British Whig statesman. Elected to Parliament in 1784 Windham was attached to the remnants of the Rockinghamite faction of Whigs whose members included his friends Charles James Fox and Edmund Burke. Windham soon became noted for his oratory in the House of Commons.An early supporter of the French Revolution by late 1791 he shared Burke's hostility to it and became a leading anti-Jacobin.
 Me'am Lo'ez (Hebrew: מעם לועז‎) initiated by Rabbi Yaakov Culi in 1730 is a widely studied commentary on the Tanakh written in Ladino - it is perhaps the best known publication in that language.
 San Giovanni dei Fiorentini St John of the Florentines is a church in the Ponte rione or district of Rome. Dedicated to St John the Baptist the protector of Florence the new church for the Florentine community in Rome was started in the 16th century and completed in early 18th and is the national church of Florence in Rome. The main façade fronts onto the Via Giulia.
 They Knew Mr. Knight is a 1934 dramatic novel by the British writer Dorothy Whipple.
 Smiley Face is a 2007 comedy film written by Dylan Haggerty and directed and co-produced by Gregg Araki. It stars Anna Faris as a young woman who has a series of misadventures after eating a large number of cupcakes laced with cannabis. The supporting cast includes Danny Masterson John Krasinski Adam Brody Jayma Mays Marion Ross Jane Lynch and Roscoe Lee Browne in his final film. This was the ninth feature film directed by Araki.
 Eudendrium tottoni is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 The Holy is a novel by bestselling author Daniel Quinn (who wrote the novel Ishmael) published in October 2002 by Context Books about a man's quest to find ancient false gods. The novel's genre is not easily classifiable but has elements of horror thriller and new age mysticism about it together with some coherent themes interlaced regarding consumerism the environment the sacredness of nature and the pitfalls of religious faith.
 Brea Creek is one of four principal tributaries of Coyote Creek which is a lower tributary of the San Gabriel River. It drains parts of Orange Riverside and San Bernardino counties in the southern part of the U.S. state of California. The creek flows 11.7 miles (18.8 km) from the cities of Brea and Anaheim to Whittier where its mouth is on the left bank of Coyote Creek at a point 481 feet (147 m) lower in elevation.
 The Joseph Williams Octagon House and the Gilbert Stancliff Octagon House are identical historic mid-1850s octagon houses located next to each other at 26 and 28 Marlborough Street in Portland Connecticut. Constructed of Portland brownstone their architect is unknown but may have been Gilbert Stancliff's brother Charles.
 La vittima designata (internationally released as Slam Out and The Designated Victim) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Maurizio Lucidi.
 Osro Cobb (May 28 1904 - January 18 1996) was a Republican lawyer who worked to establish a two-party system in the U.S. state of Arkansas. In 1926 he was elected to the Arkansas House of Representatives from Montgomery County and served as the only Republican member in the chamber for two two-year terms. He was the United States attorney for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas during the Little Rock Crisis of 1957-1958.
 Something's Coming: The BBC Recordings 1969–1970 is a compilation of live recordings by the progressive rock band Yes. They are the only live recordings to feature the band's original lineup. It is a compilation of the band's early performances on BBC radio.
 Buffalo Creek is a 16.0-mile-long (25.7 km) tributary of the Maury River in Rockbridge County in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is part of the James River watershed.
 Waiting is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson recorded in 1976 and released on the Blue Note label. The sessions were released on CD as part of Mosaic Select: Bobby Hutcherson in 2007.
 Ronald 'Ron' Neal Walters Sr. (born June 29 1950 in Washington D.C.) is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 39 since January 12 2013. Walters served consecutively from January 2001 until January 2013 and non-consecutively from January 1993 until January 1999 in a District 32 seat. Walters was a candidate for West Virginia Senate in 1998.
 Adolpho A. Birch Jr. (September 22 1932 – August 25 2011) was an American lawyer and judge who was the first African American to serve as Chief Justice of the Tennessee Supreme Court.
 Inquisitor exiguus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Clásicos de oro de el Catire Carpio is a Venezuelan compilation album of 2002 made by José Catire Carpio with the seal Discomoda featuring the gold songs of this llanero singer.
 Kılıçkaya is a village in the District of Aydıntepe Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 62 people.
 You are freaking me out is the fifth album from the American band Samiam. Released in 1997 on Burning Heart Records and (the now defunct) Ignition Records.
 Genghis Blues (1999) is a documentary film directed by Roko Belic. It centers on the journey of blind American singer Paul Pena to the isolated Russian state of Tuva due to his interest in Tuvan throat singing.It won the 1999 Sundance Film Festival Audience Award for a Documentary. It was also nominated for an Academy Award in 2000 in the Best Documentary Feature category.
 Carelshaven is a restaurant and hotel located in Delden Netherlands. It has a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1973-1986.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 11.0 out of 20 points signalling it as an honest to interesting restaurant.De building in which Carelshaven is housed is originally built in 1772. It was built as an inn to serve travellers along the Twickelervaart (canal) who often stopped for the night in the small harbour.
 Aylmer Lake is the seventh largest lake in the Northwest Territories Canada.
 Tracy Potter (born June 23 1950) is a historian and North Dakota politician of the North Dakota Democratic-NPL Party. He represented District 35 in the North Dakota Senate from 2007 to 2011 and was the endorsed candidate for U.S. Senate in the 2010 election against Governor John Hoeven. He now serves as executive director of The Fort Abraham Lincoln Foundation.Potter earned BA and MA degrees in History from the University of North Dakota.
 Econometrica is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics publishing articles in many areas of economics especially econometrics. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Econometric Society. The current editor-in-chief is Daron Acemoğlu (Massachusetts Institute of Technology).Econometrica was established in 1933. Its first editor was Ragnar Frisch recipient of the first Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1969 who served as an editor from 1933 to 1954.
 Pollex taurus is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Mindanao in the Philippines.The wingspan is about 13 mm. The forewing is narrow and light brown except for the dark brown basal and subterminal areas. The hindwing is unicolorous dark brown with an indistinct black discal spot and the underside unicolorous dark brown.
 Moon of the Chaos Eclipse is the fifth album by Runemagick. It was released as a limited edition digipak of 1000 copies in 2002 through Aftermath Music.
 The Tumurel River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Eslamabad-e Jadid (Persian: اسلام ابادجديد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Jadīd) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1726 in 352 families.
 Bryant Clark is a Democratic member of the Mississippi House of Representatives representing the 47th district. Clark is the president of the Holmes County NAACP.
 The Tatami Galaxy (四畳半神話大系 Yojōhan Shinwa Taikei literally 4½ Tatami Mythological Chronicles) is a Japanese comedy-drama campus novel written by Tomihiko Morimi (森見 登美彦 Morimi Tomihiko) originally published in December 2004 by Ohta Publishing (太田出版 Ōta Shuppan) in the tankōbon format and later reissued in March 2008 by Kadokawa Shoten as a bunkoban.
 Lonely Vigils is a collection of fantasy horror and mystery short stories by author Manly Wade Wellman. It was released in 1981 by Carcosa in an edition of 1548 copies of which the 566 pre-ordered copies were signed by the author and artist. The stories feature Wellman's supernatural detective characters Judge Keith Hilary Pursuivant Professor Nathan Enderby and John Thunstone. The story Vigil first appeared in the magazine Strange Stories.
 The Dart River arises in the Kahurangi National Park between the Lookout and Hope Ranges in the Tasman Region of New Zealand. It flows northward to join the Wangapeka River which is a tributary of the Motueka River.
 Douglas E. Doug Cordier is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives representing District 3 since 2007.
 Mesothen endoleuca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1905. It is found in Venezuela.
 John A. Jack MacDonald (1927 – May 5 2010) was a politician businessman and journalist in Hamilton Ontario Canada. He served as Mayor of Hamilton from 1976 to 1980 and wrote a column in the Hamilton Spectator newspaper for many years.
 European Political Science (EPS) is a peer-reviewed academic journal. The professional journal of the European Consortium for Political Research (ECPR) it has been published in collaboration with Palgrave Macmillan since 2005. The journal's interpretation of 'political science' is wide and encompasses comparative politics political economy international relations public administration political theory European studies and related disciplines.
 The Purple Taxi (French: Un taxi mauve) is a 1977 French-Irish-Italian film directed by Yves Boisset based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Michel Déon. It was entered into the 1977 Cannes Film Festival.The film is about a group of emotionally troubled expatriates living in a self-imposed exile in a small village (Eyeries) in Ireland.
 Małomierzyce [mawɔmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Iłża 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Radom and 116 km (72 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Black Mountain (Slovak: Čierna hora German: Schwarzer Berg) is a small mountain range in eastern Slovakia. It forms part of the Slovak Ore Mountains. The range is located roughly between the city of Košice to the southeast and the municipalities of Krompachy to the northwest and Kysak to the northeast and has an area of about 250 km². Its highest point is the Roháčka (1029 m n.m.) between Margecany and Kluknava.The region of the Black Mountain is drained by the River Hornád.
 Anyanui is a village in Keta Municipal District.Anyanui is connected to Ada Foah by a ferry which runs every Wednesday calling at a number of other villages on the way.Anyanui is subject to coastal erosion and a $60 million project has been initiated to cover the 2.7 kilometres between Anyanui and Akplortorkor.
 Amore bugie e calcetto (also known as Love Soccer and Other Catastrophes and Love Lies & Calcetto) is a 2008 Italian comedy film directed by Luca Lucini.
 Jaźwiska [jaʑˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Gniew 37 km (23 mi) south of Tczew and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 466.
 Fractured (originally known as Schism) is a 2014 horror thriller film that was directed by Adam Gierasch based on a script by Gierasch and his writing partner Jace Anderson. The film had its world premiere on October 12 2013 at the Screamfest Horror Film Festival. It stars Callum Blue as an amnesiac trying to discover what exactly happened to him.
 Jason Priest is a member of the Republican Party. He was elected to the Montana Legislature Senate District 30 in 2010 representing Red Lodge Montana (population: 10028). He is a member of the National Rifle Association; pro-life and resides in Red Lodge Montana.].Priest was raised in Red Lodge Montana. He attended Red Lodge Public Schools and Aspen Country Day School in Aspen Colorado.
 Agatahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Pandavapura taluk of Mandya district in Karnataka.
 A Juvenile Product of the Working Class is the third full-length album by the Californian punk rock band Swingin' Utters. It was released on September 1 1996 as the band's first album on Fat Wreck Chords. The album's name was taken from a line in Elton John's song Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting.
 The Circle (Swedish title Cirkeln) is a Swedish young adult fantasy novel written by Mats Strandberg and Sara Bergmark Elfgren. It is the first part of the Engelsfors trilogy. The novel takes place in a fictional rural town in Bergslagen in central Sweden and follows a group of teenage girls with little in common who discover that they are witches chosen to save the world from an otherwordly evil.
 The Journal of Biomaterials Applications is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering the development and clinical applications of biomaterials. The editor-in-chief is Jonathan Knowles (University College London). The journal was established in 1986 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Saleh Kezabo was a Chadian politician who in the late 1990s was a Minister in charge of oil and mining.
 Klapzubova jedenáctka is a 1938 Czechoslovak film. The film starred Josef Kemr.
 Gueselderia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Wells Goodykoontz was a Republican politician from the U.S. state of West Virginia who served in the West Virginia Legislature representing Mingo County. He was President of the West Virginia Senate from 1917 to 1919 and a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the now-defunct 5th congressional district of West Virginia. He served during the 66th and 67th United States Congresses.Congressman Goodykoontz was born near Newbern Virginia in Pulaski County on June 3 1872.
 Clevosaurus (CLEE-vo-SORE-us) (Gloucester lizard) is an extinct genus of sphenodontian reptile from the Triassic and the Jurassic periods of Nova Scotia Great Britain (C. bairdi) and Yunnan (C. mcgilli). Clevosaurus was extremely similar to the modern tuatara in almost every way; the two genera differ in only certain features of the teeth and skull anatomies as well as size. Clevosaurus was smaller than the modern Tuatara.
 Siam Paragon (Thai: สยามพารากอน) is a shopping mall in Bangkok Thailand.
 Last Seen in Massilia is a historical novel by American author Steven Saylor first published by St. Martin's Press in 2000. It is the eighth book in his Roma Sub Rosa series of mystery stories set in the final decades of the Roman Republic. The main character is the Roman sleuth Gordianus the Finder.
 Steven Levy is a former American state legislator who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2011 to 2013.
 Hush... Hush Sweet Charlotte is a 1964 American thriller film directed and produced by Robert Aldrich and starring Bette Davis Olivia de Havilland Joseph Cotten and Agnes Moorehead as well as Mary Astor in her final film.The movie was adapted for the screen by Henry Farrell and Lukas Heller from Farrell's unpublished short story What Ever Happened to Cousin Charlotte? It received seven Academy Award nominations.
 A Crossbreed (Eine Kreuzung) is a short story by Franz Kafka.The story is about an animal that is half-kitten half-lamb. The narrator describes how the creature has characteristics of each breed of animal yet also has distinctive attributes of its own. In much of the story great care is taken to describe the animal's peculiar eating habits (e.g. drinking milk while showing fangs).
 Vallée Enchantée (27 March 2000 foaled) is a retired thoroughbred racehorse bred in Ireland and trained in France. She won Hong Kong Vase and two group race in 2003. She is a very small along other thoroughbreds. Her weight only 813 ponds when she won Hong Kong Vase.
 The Ala-Archa River (Kyrgyz: Ала-Арча ) is a river flowing through Alamudun District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan. It rises on the northern slopes of Kyrgyz Ala-Too and flows in north direction to enter the Chu River in Chuy Valley . Ala-Archa River has a length of 78 km and the basin area of 233 km ². Its water comes majorly from glaciers and snow.
 GQ is the Indian edition of the American monthly men's magazine called GQ. It is the 15th international edition of GQ and is published by Condé Nast India Pvt. Ltd. a 100% owned subsidiary of Condé Nast International. Condé Nast was the first international publisher to obtain 100% ownership of its Indian subsidiary after regulatory changes in 2005 permitted 100% foreign direct investment in non-news and current affairs publications.
 Pulphead is an essay collection by the American writer and editor John Jeremiah Sullivan. Pulphead has been named a 2011 New York Times Notable Book a Time Magazine Top 10 Nonfiction Book of 2011 and one of Amazon's Best of the Month for November 2011.Sullivan's essay Mr. Lytle: An Essay which recounts his time spent living with a then geriatric Andrew Nelson Lytle won a 2011 National Magazine Award and a 2011 Pushcart Prize.
 Eoderaceratoceae Eoderocerataceae is a superfamily of true ammonites (suborder Ammonitina) from the Lower Jurassic comprising seven phylogenetically related families characterized in general by having ribbed evolute shells that commonly bear spines or tubercles. Adult shell size ranges from 2 or 3 cm to giants reaching 50 cm in such genera as Apoderoceras Epideroceras and Liparoceras.The earliest known eodoceroceratacean is the eoderoceratid genus Microderoceras.
 Nothobranchius rubripinnis is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family. It is endemic to Tanzania. Its natural habitats are rivers and swamps.
 Quique is the 1993 debut album by British music group Seefeel released by Too Pure. The album was recorded in 1993 and is predominantly an instrumental recording that is a mixture of both electronic and rock music. The album was released in December 1993 in the United Kingdom where it received positive reviews in the British press.
 Jasarat (Urdu: روزنامہ جسارت‎) is an Urdu Daily newspaper in Pakistan. It is circulated all over Pakistan with offices in Karachi Lahore and Islamabad.
 Domingo (Sunday in Portuguese) is Caetano Veloso's and Gal Costa's debut album released in 1967. The album features seven original compositions (all by Caetano) one partnership with Torquato Neto and four other interpretations (two by Gilberto Gil and Torquato Neto one by Edu Lobo and one by Sidney Miller). Domingo had a revival in 2006 with remastered re-release (pictured) by Charles Gavin.
 Wyatt's Hurricane is a third person narrative thriller novel by English author Desmond Bagley first published in 1966.
 Mrs. Medwin is a short story by Henry James first published in Punch in 1900. The story slyly satirizes fashionable society in fin-de-siècle England. The central characters are an American brother and sister who both entertain and live off this society which has grown bland and bored and almost exhausted.
 Dance With The Tyrants: Classic Dance Hits Vol. 1 is the third album from the Tyrants in Therapy. It was released by Emotional Coathanger Records in 2010.
 Lee Rhiannon (born 30 May 1951) an Australian politician is a senator for New South Wales elected at the 2010 federal election representing the Australian Greens. Prior to her election to the Australian Parliament Rhiannon was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Council serving between 1999 and 2010 representing the NSW Greens.
 Smyrna Baptist Church also known as Kirkland Church is a historic Baptist church located near Allendale Allendale County South Carolina. It was built in 1827 and is a one-story meeting house style frame structure with a hipped roof. The front facade features a central Palladian window flanked by balancing nine-paneled entrance doors. A cemetery surrounds the church.Dr.
 Judeoberyx is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 Leo and Loree is a 1980 film directed by Jerry Paris.
 Should not be confused with the Pocumtuck Range (Pocumtuck Ridge) of Deerfield and Greenfield MassachusettsPocumtuck Mountain a mountain peak west of the abandoned Catamount settlement is technically located in Charlemont Massachusetts. Its summit ledge features wide views of western Franklin County and northern Berkshire County.
 Bark released in 1971 as Grunt FTR-1001 (the first album on that label) is one of the late-period albums by Jefferson Airplane notable for many firsts with its major personnel change. It was the first without band founder Marty Balin and the first with violinist Papa John Creach. Drummer Spencer Dryden had also departed being replaced by Joey Covington. This was the first all new Airplane LP in two years the previous being Volunteers released in 1969.
 The Prophet from Ephesus is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence. The novel the sixteenth in the Roman Mysteries series was published in 2009. It is set during the reign of Titus primarily in the Roman province of Asia.
 The Mandara Mountains (Monts Mandara) are a volcanic range extending about 200km (about 125 mi) along the northern part of the Cameroon-Nigeria border from the Benue River in the south (9.3°N 12.8°E﻿ / 9.3; 12.8) to the north-west of Maroua in the north (11.0°N 13.9°E﻿ / 11.0; 13.9). The highest elevation is 1494 m (4900 ft) the summit of Mount Oupay (10°53′N 13°47′E)[citation needed]. The region is densely populated mainly by speakers of Chadic languages.
 My Foolish Heart is a 1949 American film which tells the story of a woman's reflections on the bad turns her life has taken. The film was directed by Mark Robson and stars Dana Andrews and Susan Hayward. Adapted from J. D.
 Pedra do Baú and the 'Pedra do Baú complex are rock formations in the Mantiqueira Mountains (Serra da Mantiqueira). They are located in the municipality of São Bento do Sapucaí São Paulo Brazil.GeographyThe gneiss rock complex comprises three distinct rock formation landmarks: Pedra do Baú Bauzinho and Ana Chata.At its highest point the elevation is 1950 metres (6400 ft).EcotourismThe formation is a popular site for rock climbing paragliding and other forms of ecotourism.
 When Worlds Collide is a 1933 science fiction novel co-written by Philip Wylie and Edwin Balmer; they both also co-authored the sequel After Worlds Collide (1934). It was first published as a six-part monthly serial (September 1932-February 1933) in Blue Book magazine illustrated by Joseph Franké.
 Nesa-e Olya (Persian: نساعليا‎ also Romanized as Nesā’-e ‘Olyā; also known as Nesā’-e Bālā and Nesā’) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 356 in 84 families.
 Aqel (Persian: عاقل‎ also Romanized as ‘Āqel; also known as Agir and ‘Aqīl) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 5 families.
 Lake Harriet is a reservoir in Clackamas County of the U.S. state of Oregon.It is an impoundment of the Oak Grove Fork Clackamas River located 75 kilometres (47 mi) southeast of Portland and 31 kilometres (19 mi) southwest of Government Camp.
 The Kunderang Brook a perennial stream that is part of the Macleay River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands and Mid North Coast regions of New South Wales Australia.
 François de Bonne duc de Lesdiguières (1 April 1543 – 21 September 1626) was soldier of the French Wars of Religion and Constable of France.
 Flavio Delbono (born 17 September 1959) is an Italian politician and economist. He served as the mayor of Bologna from 25 June 2009 until 28 January 2010 when he was forced to resign as he was being investigated for crimes such as embezzlement fraud and aggravated abuse of office following allegations made by his former lover.
 Linda Black is a Democratic member of the Missouri House of Representatives serving since 2009. Before being elected to the legislature Black was a public school teacher. She has also served as treasurer of Bonne Terre and Chief Deputy Treasurer of St. Francois County.
 Mother Teresa of Calcutta is a 2003 biographical television film based on the life of Mother Teresa the founder of the Missionaries of Charity religious institute. The film stars Olivia Hussey in the title role and received a CAMIE award in 2007. The film was originally produced as the Italian television miniseries Madre Teresa.
 The Skin of Our Teeth is a play by Thornton Wilder which won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama. It opened on October 15 1942 at the Shubert Theatre in New Haven Connecticut before moving to the Plymouth Theatre on Broadway on November 18 1942. It was produced by Michael Myerberg and directed by Elia Kazan.
 Bad Science is a book by Ben Goldacre criticising mainstream media reporting on health and science issues. Published by Fourth Estate in September 2008 the book contains extended and revised versions of many of his Guardian columns. It has been positively reviewed by the British Medical Journal and the Daily Telegraph and has reached the Top 10 bestseller list for Amazon Books. It was shortlisted for the 2009 Samuel Johnson Prize.
 Persicula canaryensis is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Village Photobook (村の写真集 Mura no Shashinshū) is a 2004 Japanese drama film written and directed by Mitsuhiro Mihara. It won the Golden Goblet at the 2005 Shanghai International Film Festival.
 Paczynka [paˈt͡ʂɨnka] (German Klein Patschin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Toszek 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Gliwice and 34 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 156.
 Return of the Bunny Suicides (2004) is the second bestselling book of black comedy cartoons by Andy Riley that depict the various ways bunnies attempt to kill themselves.
 Abraham Lincoln's position on slavery was one of the central issues in American history.Lincoln often expressed moral opposition to slavery in public and private.Initially he expected to bring about the eventual extinction of slavery by stopping its further expansion into any U.S. territory and by proposing compensated emancipation (an offer Congress applied to Washington D.C.) in his early presidency.
 Medynia Kańczucka [mɛˈdɨɲa kaɲˈt͡ʂut͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kańczuga within Przeworsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Kańczuga 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Przeworsk and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Truth or Dare: 6th Floor Rear Flat (Chinese: 六樓后座) is a 2003 Hong Kong film directed by Barbara Wong starring an ensemble cast featuring Karena Lam Candy Lo Juno Mak Teresa Carpio Roy Chow Laurence Chou and Edwin Siu. The film was considered both a critical and commercial success and won various awards in both the 23rd Annual Hong Kong Film Awards and the 40th Annual Golden Horse Awards.
 SG Wannabe by SG Wannabe 7 Part.II is the second part of the seventh Korean studio album by SG Wannabe. IS Entermedia will be releasing 10000 copies of a limited edition. SG Wannabe's representative said 3 out of the 6 songs listed in the album were in competition to be the title song. These are Song to Confess to You If We Can Love Again and Just. The songs will only be performed at SG Wannabe's concerts.
 This article is about the Lippincott-published journal. For the one published by Elsevier see The Spine Journal.Spine is a biweekly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in the field of orthopaedics especially concerning the spine. It was established in 1976 and is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The current editor-in-chief is James N. Weinstein.
 Venus in Fur is a two-person play by David Ives set in modern New York City. The play had its premiere off-Broadway at the Classic Stage Company in 2010 and on Broadway in 2011.
 Gaskiya Ta Fi Kwabo (The truth is worth more than a Kwabo; Kwabo is an ancient currency) is a Nigerian newspaper printed three times a week. It is the world's first Hausa-language paper and was one of northern Nigeria's first periodicals. Gaskiya Ta Fi Kwabo's first editor was Abubakar Imam. In 1941 some pages in Ajami were added to the newspaper for those who could not read the Roman script they were called `Yar Gaskiya (Daughter of Truth).
 Leptosaces schistopa is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is known from New South Wales Queensland and Victoria.
 Jake's Long Shadow is a novel by Alan Duff first published in 2002. It is the third book in the Once Were Warriors trilogy following Jake The Muss Heke and his estranged family. Jake had previously driven his wife and children away for his domestic violence ways. The story shows new characters and their stories such as Beth's new husband. It has not yet been made into a third film.
 The Scottish Historical Review is an academic journal in the field of Scottish historical studies covering Scottish history from the early to the modern encouraging a variety of historical approaches. It superseded The Scottish Antiquary Or Northern Notes & Queries.In addition to its book reviews the Scottish Historical Review also includes lists of articles in Scottish history and essays on Scottish history in books published in the preceding year.
 Sarotorna mesoleuca is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Australia (New South Wales Victoria).
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Sixteenth Annual Collection (ISBN 978-0312204457) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 1999. It is the 16th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 Cremnoconchus carinatus is a species of freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 The God Delusion is a 2006 best-selling non-fiction book by English biologist Richard Dawkins professorial fellow of New College Oxford and former holder of the Charles Simonyi Chair for the Public Understanding of Science at the University of Oxford.In The God Delusion Dawkins contends that a supernatural creator almost certainly does not exist and that belief in a personal god qualifies as a delusion which he defines as a persistent false belief held in the face of strong contradictory evidence. 
 The Highlands Herald is a newspaper in the town of Waterval Boven Mpumalanga in South Africa. It was founded in 1997The paper has not appear in print neither has its blog/site been updated since March 2012.
 The Somatic Defilement is the first album by the American deathcore band Whitechapel. The album was released on July 31 2007 through Candlelight Records and is their only release through this label before their move to Metal Blade the following year.
 Outcast is the fourth book in the Chronicles of Ancient Darkness series by Michelle Paver. There are six books in the series. Outcast is illustrated by Geoff Taylor.
 Forest Grove School No. 5 is an historic building located near Bettendorf Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
 Eaglehead Mountain (9140 feet (2786 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Buffalo Woman Lake is east of the peak.
 Tomorrow (Italian: Domani) is a 2001 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Archibugi. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Salcedia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Salcedia africana (Britton 1947) Salcedia coquilhati Alluaud 1932 Salcedia elongata Alluaud 1932 Salcedia miranda (Andrewes 1920) Salcedia nigeriensis Alluaud 1930 Salcedia parallela Baehr 1998 Salcedia perrieri Fairmaire 1899 Salcedia putzeysi (Oberthur 1883) Salcedia schoutedeni Alluaud 1930↑
 Wahnborn is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Woodburn Premium Outlets is an outlet mall in Woodburn Oregon United States. The complex located between the cities of Portland and Salem on Interstate 5 opened in 1999 as the Woodburn Company Stores. Owned and operated by Craig Realty Group the center has over 350000 square feet (33000 m2) of retail space.
 Sursara also known as Sursura is a Village in Kishangarh tehsil in Ajmer district in the Indian state of Rajasthan situated 8 km south of Rupangarh town on Parbatsar - Kishangarh road. This is the place where the Jat folk-deity Tejaji died from a snake bite when he back on the way after fighting with the enemies on 28 August 1103.. The jot (जोत) of Tejaji is carried from this place to any place in India where a temple of Tejaji is constructed.
 The Forest of Hands and Teeth is a New York Times best-selling post-apocalyptic zombie novel by first-time author Carrie Ryan that is marketed to young-adults. It was published in 2009 by Random House Delacorte Press in the United States and by Hachette Gollancz in Australia and the United Kingdom. This is the first volume of a trilogy; the second book in the series The Dead-Tossed Waves was released on March 9 2010 and The Dark and Hollow Places followed in March 2011.
 Charles F. Jenkins was a Democratic member of the Georgia House of Representatives representing the 8th district from 2003 to 2008.Charles F. Jenkins seat was won by Stephen Allison on November 5 2008.
 The Cat Burglar is a 1961 film.
 David and the Phoenix is a 1957 children's novel about a young boy's adventures with a Phoenix. The first book written by American author Edward Ormondroyd it is a tale of friendship between two different species -- a young boy and a mythical bird -- and focuses on David's education in the ways of the mythical world. The book ends with the Phoenix's rebirth.
 Kostadinite is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Machismo is the funk/R&B group Cameo's 1988 follow up to their album Word Up!. It includes the hits You Make Me Work and Skin I'm In which have both been issued on compilation albums. The album performed well reaching #7 on the R&B charts.
 Hemicycliophora arenaria is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 The Cebu International Convention Center (CICC) is a 3-story structure built by the Cebu Provincial Government for the 12th Asean Summit and 2nd East Asia Summit at a cost of about US$ ten million dollars. It has a gross floor area of 28000 square metres and is situated on 3.8 hectares of land at the Mandaue City Reclamation Area in Metro Cebu.
 The James Gleason Cottage is a historic house at 31 Sayles Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. It is a rare regional example of a residential house with Greek Revival and Gothic Revival features. It was built c. 1830 probably for James Gleason an owner of a successful grocery business in the Globe Village section of Southbridge. The house is a modest 1.5 story wood frame structure with predominantly Greek Revival styling.
 John Andrew Boehner (/ˈbeɪnər/ ; born November 17 1949) is the 61st and current Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party he is the U.S. Representative from Ohio's 8th congressional district serving since 1991.
 The Fleming Building is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Bucanetes is a genus of finches containing the following species: Trumpeter Finch Bucanetes githagineus Mongolian Finch Bucanetes mongolicus
 The Green Pygmy Goose (Nettapus pulchellus) is a small perching duck which breeds in southern New Guinea and northern Australia.
 Cylindraspis is a genus of recently extinct giant tortoises. All of its species lived in the Mascarene Islands (Mauritius Rodrigues and Réunion) in the Indian Ocean and all are now extinct due to hunting and introduction of non-native predators. Modern mtDNA studies of bone remains has determined that the Cylindraspis species were all descended from one species that colonised Mauritius from Madagascar by sea many millions of years ago.
 Half Broken Things (2003) is a psychological thriller by English author Morag Joss. It won the CWA Silver Dagger in 2003.
 Kings County Savings Bank is a New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission-designated building in the Williamsburg Brooklyn section of New York City. It is an example of French Second Empire-style architecture. Construction of the building began in 1860 to designs of William H. Wilcox of Brooklyn in partnership with prominent New York architect Gamaliel King working as King & Wilcox. The structure was continuously occupied by banks until the 1990s.
 Dr. Béla Perczel de Bonyhád (15 June 1819 – 25 March 1888) was a Hungarian politician and jurist who served as Minister of Justice between 1875 and 1878. His son was the Interior Minister and Speaker of the House of Representatives Dezső Perczel. He was the leader of the Deák Party between 1869 and 1872. He was elected as Speaker of the House of Representatives in 1874.Béla Wenckheim appointed him Minister of Justice in 1875. Perczel hold his position in the Kálmán Tisza cabinet.
 The Common Sunbird-Asity or Sunbird Asity (Neodrepanis coruscans) is a species of bird in the Philepittidae family. It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Heidbrink is a hill which lies south of Lübbecke in central Germany and at 319.6 m above sea level is the highest peak in the Wiehen Hills. It is also the highest elevation in the district of Minden-Lübbecke in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. Its height is commonly given as 320 metres.About 200 yards east of the summit is a transmission tower for television and radio links and a wayside hut for walkers.
 Up Close: Live from San Francisco is a live set of standards recorded at the Plush Room in San Francisco in December 2005 and released as an album in 2007 by singer Mary Wilson.
 Talk to Me is a 1996 made-for-TV drama film that features Yasmine Bleeth and Ricky Paull Goldin. The film aired on the ABC network.
 Nancy Wake is a 1987 mini series about the exploits of Nancy Wake during World War Two.
 Näsnaren is a lake of Södermanland Sweden. It is close to the city of Katrineholm southwest of Stockholm.
 St. Agnes Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Rockville Centre New York on Long Island. It is the seat of the Diocese of Rockville Centre. The Most Reverend William Murphy is the ordinary bishop of the Diocese and pastor of the Cathedral parish. The Saint Agnes Cathedral School is on campus with the cathedral.
 Voices in Love is an 1958 album by The Four Freshmen.
 The Miaoli Pottery Museum or Miaoli Ceramics Museum (Chinese: 苗栗陶瓷博物館; pinyin: Miáolì Táocí Bówùguǎn) is a museum of pottery in Gongguan Township Miaoli County Taiwan.
 The Huda lui Papară River (also known as Valea Morilor River) is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 C.M. Russell Museum Complex is an art museum located in the city of Great Falls Montana in the United States. The museum's primary function is to display the artwork of Great Falls cowboy artist Charles Marion Russell for whom the museum is named. The museum also displays illustrated letters by Russell work materials used by him and other items which help visitors understand the life and working habits of Russell.
 Saint Maybe is a 1991 novel by American author Anne Tyler.Tyler's plot explores the ways ordinary people react to disastrous events with quietly heroic behavior. When seventeen-year-old Ian Bedloe confronts his older brother Danny with his belief that the latter's wife Lucy is having an affair Danny commits suicide.
 Thrush Hour: A Study of the Great Ladies of Jazz is Stephanie Nakasian's sixth album as leader. It was released in 2006.The album features Nakasian paying tribute to twenty of jazz's great female singers.
 Crossbow is a 2007 Australian coming-of-age drama film written and directed by David Michod. The film features Cy Standen Joel Edgerton Lisa Chappell and Mirrah Foulkes and had its world premiere in competition at the Venice Film Festival on 9 March 2007. After that the film compete at number of film festivals and earned good reviews.
 Naan Mahaan Alla (English: I'm Not Saint) is a Tamil film is directed by S. P. Muthuraman. The film during production was referred to as Naan Gandhi Alla. The film was a remake of Hindi film Vishwanath.
 The Gamsberg is a mountain in the Appenzell Alps overlooking the region of Walenstadt in the canton of St. Gallen. Located in the Alvier group it is the culminating point of the range lying between Lake Walenstadt and Toggenburg.The summit is relatively difficult to access. There is no trail leading to the top.Not to be confused with the mountain of the same name in Namibia.
 Thomas Erskine 1st Baron Erskine KT PC KC (10 January 1750 – 17 November 1823) was a British lawyer and politician. He served as Lord Chancellor of the United Kingdom between 1806 and 1807 in the Ministry of All the Talents.
 Gran Sasso d'Italia is a mountain located in the Abruzzo region of central Italy. The Gran Sasso forms the centrepiece of the Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park which was established in 1993 and holds the highest mountains in continental Italy south of the Alps and is part of the Apennines the mountain range that runs the entire length of the Italian Peninsula.
 Take Your Skin Off is the second album by the noise rock band Mindflayer.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 62 families.
 Kobylaki-Korysze [kɔbɨˈlaki kɔˈrɨʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 A Cock and Bull Story (marketed in Australia New Zealand and the United States as Tristram Shandy: A Cock and Bull Story) is a 2005 British comedy film directed by Michael Winterbottom. It is a film-within-a-film featuring Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon playing themselves as egotistical actors during the making of a screen adaptation of Laurence Sterne's 18th century metafictional novel Tristram Shandy.
 Still Walkin' is the third album by Coo Coo Cal released on May 14 2002 through Infinite Records. Most of the album was produced by Bigg Hank though a then unknown Andre Dre Lyon (of the production duo Cool & Dre) contributed production for two of the album's 20 tracks.Released less than a year after his major-label debut Disturbed and his breakthrough single My Projects Cal had parted ways with Tommy Boy Records and quickly released Still Walkin' independently.
 Clavagellidae is a family of very unusual marine bivalves of the Order Pholadomyoida. It contains fourteen species in one genus.
 Simon Hugh Holmes (July 30 1831 – October 14 1919) was a Nova Scotia politician publisher and lawyer. He was the fourth Premier of Nova Scotia for ten years.Holmes was born in Springville Nova Scotia in Pictou County. The son of Nova Scotia politician and Canadian senator John Holmes Holmes in 1858 founded and edited the Pictou Colonial Standard as “a dedicated advocate of the principles of true Conservatism.” The paper and Holmes were advocates of Canadian confederation.
 Haugesunds Avis is a daily newspaper published in Haugesund Norway but with branches in Bømlo Kopervik Odda Sauda and Stord.Founded in 1895 it is today owned by the investment group Mecom Group and is as such part of the media group Edda Media. In 2006 Haugesunds Avis had a circulation of 33448. As of 2012 the executive editor is Bård Borch Michalsen. The newspaper owns the local radio channel Radio 102.
 THREE is the third extended play by Welsh recording artist Charlotte Church. It is the third in a series of five EPs released by Church. Her third alternative rock material it was released on 19 August 2013 and is preceded by two singles I Can Dream and Water Tower.
 Heartbeat is a 2012 Austrian short film directed by Romana Carén about a happily married couple learning about a life changing diagnosis. The film is based on the stage play Wintervögel which had its world premiere in 2010 at the Theater Drachengasse.
 The Berlin Wall (German: Berliner Mauer) was a barrier constructed by the German Democratic Republic (GDR East Germany) starting on 13 August 1961 that completely cut off (by land) West Berlin from surrounding East Germany and from East Berlin. The barrier included guard towers placed along large concrete walls which circumscribed a wide area (later known as the death strip) that contained anti-vehicle trenches fakir beds and other defenses.
 Moominpappa at Sea (Swedish: Pappan och havet literally The father and the sea) is the seventh book in the Moomin books by Finnish author Tove Jansson. It is based primarily around the character of Moominpappa. It was first published in 1965. Moominpappa at Sea forms the basis of episodes 25 and 26 in the 1990 TV series. The original title is a loose reference to Hemingway novel The Old Man and the Sea though this is not reflected in the translation.
 First Demo Tape is an archival release of recordings by the American hardcore punk band Minor Threat. It was released on CD and 7-inch vinyl in 2003 through Dischord Records. The album comprises previously unreleased demo versions of material which appears on the band's subsequent recordings.
 The Private Patient (2008) is a crime novel by English author P. D. James the fourteenth in her popular Adam Dalgliesh series.
 Not to be confused with Insein TownshipInsein is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Wild Life (2007) is the second album of the Pinoy rock band Pupil. The album features Wendell Garcia as the band's new drummer. The band's former drummer Bogs Jugo still plays drums in the track Set Me Apart the band's last song with him.The carrier single of the album entitled Sala has reached the top spot in NU 107's Stairway to Seven daily countdown.
 Gharana Mogudu is a 1992 Telugu melodrama-action film which starred Chiranjeevi and Nagma in the lead roles. The film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao became the first Telugu film to gross over 100 million rupees at the box office.This film was a remake of hit Kannada film Anuraga Aralithu acted by legendary Rajkumar based on a Kannada novel. This film was also made as Mannan starring Rajinikanth and Vijayashanti and was released on Jan 1992.
 Lucero de México (Lucero of Mexico) is the ninth album from Mexican pop music singer and actress Lucero and her second Mariachi album. It was released on 1992. One of the best selling albums of mariachi music in México history with sales of over 2 million copies.
 The Penance and the Patience is the debut EP by Australian rock band Closure in Moscow released on 18 April 2008 through Taperjean Records. The band advertised the EP as an 'albumette'.The EP was originally only released in Australia New Zealand and Japan through Taperjean Records. It was also available for import to overseas countries through Fist2Face and through the iTunes Store as a worldwide digital download.
 Mission Pass formerly Stockton Pass is a gap in the hills of the Mount Hamilton Range in Alameda County California. It lies to the northeast of Mission San José in Fremont and leads from there into the Sunol Valley.Today Interstate 680 traverses this pass. Mission Pass is a Gap in the Diablo mountain range. Its elevation is 659 feet or 201 meters above sea level. This place is also known as Stockton Pass. Its center coordinate is: 37.5602°N 121.9108°W
 Recilia angustisectus is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to Israel.
 ¡Qué hacer! is a 1970 Chilean drama film directed by Raúl Ruiz Nina Serrano and Saul Landau.
 Kyrkjedørsnuten is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Lustful Hitchhiker: Sought Wife (欲情ヒッチハイク　求めた人妻 Yokujō hitchihaiku: motometa hitozuma) aka Who Do the Dancing Fingers Dance With? (舞う指は誰と踊る Mau yubi wa dare to odoru) is a 2005 Japanese pink film directed by Tetsuya Takehora. It won the fourth Best Film award at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and Takehora was given the Best Director award and Kiminori Komatsu the Best Screenplay award for their work in this film.
 Kushk-e Bala (Persian: كوشك بالا‎ also Romanized as Kūshḵ-e Bālā) is a village in Adaran Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 45 families.
 110 East Washington Street is a high rise in Indianapolis Indiana. It was completed in 1921 and has 15 floors. It is used for residential housing.
 Rok Sako To Rok Lo (English: Stop Me if You Can) is a 2004 Bollywood sports drama film produced and directed by Arindam Chaudhuri in his debut. The film stars Yash Pandit Manjari Fadnis Sunny Deol Carran Kapur Aparna Kumar and Ram Menon in the lead roles. The music was scored by Jatin Lalit.
 Marotrao Sainuji Kowase (born 3 November 1949) is an Indian politician and a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Gadchiroli-Chimur constituency of Maharashtra and is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.He was member of Legislative Assembly of Maharashtra State during 1980-85 1990–95 and 1995-1999.
 The Nose (鼻 Hana) is a satirical short story by Akutagawa Ryūnosuke based on a thirteenth-century Japanese tale from the Uji Shūi Monogatari. The Nose was Akutagawa’s second short story written not long after Rashōmon. It was first published in January 1916 in the Tokyo Imperial University student magazine Shinshichō and later published in other magazines and various Akutagawa anthologies.
 Apoorvaragam (English: Rare Melodies) is a 2010 Malayalam thriller film written by G. S. Anand and Najeem Koya and directed by Sibi Malayil. The film stars Nishan Asif Ali Nithya Menon Vinay Forrt Abhilash and Hima. It released on 16 July 2010 across 42 theaters in Kerala. The film was a sleeper hit at the box office.It is later dubbed into Telugu as 50% Love due to Nithya Menon's fame in Telugu.
 Robert Vernon Denney (April 11 1916 – June 26 1981) was a Nebraska Republican politician and a United States federal judge.Born in Council Bluffs Iowa Denney graduated from Fairbury High School in 1933. He attended Peru State Teachers College and the University of Nebraska from 1933 to 1936 and received an LL.B. from Creighton University School of Law in 1939.
 Polypoetes aterrima is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Kamar Kola (Persian: كمركلا‎ also Romanized as Kamar Kolā) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 7 families.
 The Twilight of the Grey Gods also known as The Grey God Passes is a short story by Robert E. Howard that blends history and fantasy. Published posthumously in 1972 the first appearance of the story was in a collection titled Dark Mind Dark Heart edited by August Derleth.The tale is a fictionalized version of the Battle of Clontarf recast in Howard's views with doomful vision and fantasy elements.
 The Journal of Engineering Education is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on engineering education that is published by the American Society for Engineering Education. The editor-in-chief is Michael C. Loui (University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign).
 Khorramabad (Persian: خرم اباد‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 18 families.
 The Ascension Night Heron (Nycticorax olsoni) is an extinct Night heron species from the genus Nycticorax endemic to the South Atlantic island of Ascension. It is predominantly known from the bone fragments of six specimens found in guano deposits and caves on Ascension Island and described by Philip Ashmole Kenneth Edwin Laurence Ryder Simmons and William Richmond Postle Bourne in 2003.The Ascension Night Heron disappeared in the 16th century. Its scientific name commedorates Storrs L.
 The Magician Out of Manchuria is a fantasy novel by Charles G. Finney. It was first published by itself in 1976 by Panther Books and later in a limited edition of 600 copies from Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. which were signed and numbered. The novel was previously included in an expanded edition of the Finney's book The Unholy City in 1968.
 Hari Kewal Prasad is an Indian Politician and was Member of Parliament for four terms. He was a member of the 9th 10th 12th and the 14th Lok Sabhas of India. In all four terms he represented the Salempur constituency of Uttar Pradesh and is currently a member of the Samajwadi Party political party.
 Too Much is the first album by Berlin-based indie punk band Bonaparte. It was officially released by Staatsakt label in 2008 although a handmade version was already being sold at their concerts since 2007.
 Redtop also spelled Red Top is an historic house located at 90 Somerset Street Belmont Massachusetts. It was once the home of William Dean Howells and family and is now a National Historic Landmark.
 Halawa Correctional Facility is a state prison in the City and County of Honolulu Hawaii on the island of Oahu. It is operated by the Hawaii Department of Public Safety. The prison is in proximity to the communities of Aiea and Halawa.The prison has two separate facilities: a medium security division for medium-security male prisoners and a special needs division for both male and female inmates.
 The patent-leather beetle or Jerusalem beetle (Odontotaenius disjunctus) is a beetle in the family Passalidae which can grow to just over an inch-and-a-half long. They are shiny black and have many long grooves on their elytrae. They have a small horn between their eyes and clubbed antennae. When disturbed adults produce a squeaking sound by rubbing their wings on the abdomen.This is called stridulating and is often easy to hear.
 The Maloti Mountains also spelled Maluti (Afrikaans: Malutiberge) are a mountain range of the highlands of the Kingdom of Lesotho. They extend for about 100 km into the Free State. The Maloti Range is part of the Drakensberg system that includes ranges across large areas of South Africa.
 Ferenc Erdei (24 December 1910 – 11 May 1971) was a Hungarian politician who served as Interior Minister in the unofficial Interim government which led by Béla Miklós. After the Soviet occupation of Hungary the cabinet could take the office officially (March 1945). During the communist rule Erdei was the Minister of Agriculture between 1949 and 1953. Like this he was responsible for the attic sweepings and happenings in the villages on country in connection with atrocities.
 The Lai de l'Oiselet (The Lai of the Little Bird) is an Old French poem preserved in five manuscripts dating from the 13th and 14th centuries now held by the Bibliothèque Nationale Paris.
 Leptopoma is a genus of land snails with a gill and an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Cyclophoridae.
 The Izvorul cu Pești River is a tributary of the Cosău River in Romania.
 John Sewell Sanborn (January 1 1819 – July 17 1877) was a Canadian educator lawyer judge and political figure. Some sources give his middle name as Sewall.He was born in Gilmanton New Hampshire and graduated from Dartmouth College later studying at the University of Bishop’s College in Lennoxville Quebec. He was the principal at a secondary school in Sherbrooke.
 Grendel's Den is a bar and restaurant in Harvard Square in Cambridge Massachusetts located at 89 Winthrop Street. The establishment was frequented by both students and professors of Harvard University as well as many others from the Cambridge and Boston area. The name was a reference to Grendel the antagonist in the Old English epic poem of Beowulf.The restaurant was perhaps most famous for the lawsuit Larkin v. Grendel's Den Inc. 459 U.S.
 Sebastian and the Sparrow is a 1988 Australian film directed by Scott Hicks. Hicks says he wanted to make the movie as a film he could watch with his teenage son:It was a kind of junior buddy movie with the theme of two people who envied each other's life. To Sebastian Sparrow has the perfect life: nobody's on his back he can do what he likes. It looks like glorious freedom. But to Sparrow the constraints of that life are very real.
 Bhutahi is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2929 people living in 591 individual households.
 This Fragile Moment is a little-known album within Toyah Willcox's discography that comprises experimental songs derived largely from live-in-the-studio group improvisations. The other musicians are bassist Chris Wong (of Toyah's other band project The Humans which includes Bill Rieflin and occasional member Robert Fripp) producer & touch guitarist Markus Reuter plus the members of Estonian duo Fragile: Arvo Urb (drums) and Robert Jürjendal (guitar).
 Kim Jong-il (Korean pronunciation: [ɡ̊imd͜zɔŋil]; 16 February 1941 – 17 December 2011) was the Supreme Leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea commonly referred to as North Korea from 1994 to 2011. He succeeded his father and founder of the DPRK Kim Il-sung following the elder Kim's death in 1994.
 The Wise Guys (French: Les Grandes Gueules) is a 1965 French comedy film directed by Robert Enrico.
 The Sting of Death (死の棘 Shi no Toge) is a 1990 Japanese film directed by Kōhei Oguri and based on the novel by Toshio Shimao. It tells the story of a writer with a wandering eye and his jealous wife.
 Çaykenarı is a village in the District of Korkuteli Antalya Province Turkey.
 The Frankenstein Brothers is a 2010 independent romantic comedy that takes place in Denver Colorado. The plot is centered around two orphan brothers recently graduated from college who inherit the Left Hand Brewing Company.
 The Draining Lake (Icelandic: Kleifarvatn) is a 2004 crime novel by Icelandic author Arnaldur Indriðason another entry in the multi award-winning Detective Erlendur series.The title is based on a real Icelandic lake Kleifarvatn which began draining away in 2000 following an earthquake. In the novel the dropping water level reveals a body long hidden in the lake.
 Hypatopa phoebe is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 7.5–8.4 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown.
 Priestley is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon from the Earth in the low southern latitudes. It lies to the southeast of the flooded crater Kugler.This is a worn crater with a rim and inner wall that have been softened and have lost the sharp features of a young crater. The satellite crater Priestley X lies across the northern rim and part of the inner wall. There is a small relatively fresh crater on the inner wall to the south-southwest.
 Mount Tsukuba (筑波山 Tsukuba-san) is an 877 m (2877 ft) mountain located near Tsukuba Japan. It is one of the most famous mountains in Japan particularly well known for its double peaks Nyotai-san 877 m (2877 ft) and Nantai-san 871 m (2858 ft). Many people climb the so-called purple mountain every year for the panoramic view of the Kantō plain from the summit. On clear days the Tōkyō skyline Lake Kasumigaura and even Mount Fuji are visible from the mountain top.
 Infundibulops cariniferus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae the top snails.
 The Bărăști River is a tributary of the Boz River in Romania.
 Mazraeh-ye Abgarmu (Persian: مزرعه ابگرمو‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ābgarmū; also known as Abgarmu) is a village in Ahram Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Azhakulla Saleena (Malayalam: അഴകുള്ള സെലീന) is a 1973 Malayalam language film directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and written by Thoppil Bhasi based on the novel of the same name by Muttathu Varkey. It stars Prem Nazir Bahadoor Vincent Sankaradi S. P. Pillai Ramadas Kanchana Jayabharathi K. P. A. C. Lalitha Sreelatha Namboothiri T. R. Omana Pala Thankam Vanchiyoor Radha and Baby Sumathi. The film is best known for the performance by Prem Nazir.
 Temple Beth Israel (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) is a Conservative synagogue located on Temple Drive in Port Washington New York. Founded in 1933 it is affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism and is a Conservative synagogue in Port Washington. It includes a Religious School (grades K-7) Hebrew High School (grades 8-10) and Nursery School (ages 2–5). Its 1960 building was designed by Percival Goodman.Robert E. Fine joined as rabbi in 2007.
 Henry Barnes Gresson (31 January 1809 – 31 January 1901) was a New Zealand judge.
 James Q. Reber (July 16 1911 – January 16 2003) was the second Deputy Director of the National Reconnaissance Office (DDNRO).Reber earned a Doctor of Philosophy Degree in International Relations at the University of Chicago in 1939. In 1943 he began his government career with State Department as a foreign affairs and economic specialist.
 By The People is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by Jayaraj starring Narain. This film is the sequel of 4 the People (2004) and the prequel of Of the People (2008).
 The Last Albatross is the first book in Ian Irvine's Eco-thriller titles set in 2010. It depicts what our world might be like in a few years time focusing on environmental depletion and cultural degeneration. There is a large emphasis on green cults and terrorists as well as a love story. The ePub version of the eBook is available to download for free on Ian Irvine's website. It is also available on the Amazon Kindle but is not free.
 Dead Accounts is Broadway play written by Theresa Rebeck. The comedy premiered at the Music Box Theatre on November 29 2012 and closed on January 6 2013. The production starred Norbert Leo Butz and Katie Holmes and was directed by Jack O'Brien.
 John Sherburne Sleeper (1794–1878) was an American sailor ship master novelist (who used the pseudonym of Hawser Martingale) journalist and politician.
 Breckenridge is a village in Gratiot County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1328 at the 2010 census. The village is located in Wheeler Township.
 American novelist Philip Caputo has also written a novel named Acts of FaithActs of Faith is the 1985 novel written by Rajiva Wijesinha. The book is the first in a trilogy that was followed by Days of Despair in 1987 and concludes with 2005's The Limits of Love.
 Bombay to Goa is a 1972 adventure-comedy Hindi movie starring Amitabh Bachchan Shatrughan Sinha Aruna Irani and Mehmood. The movie is known particularly for its catchy tunes.The film is a remake of a 1966 hit Tamil film Madras to Pondicherry. It was a 'Semi-Hit' at the box office.Bombay to Goa was remade in 2007 with an ensemble cast of comedians.
 Ethnicities is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research in the fields of sociology and politics concerning questions of ethnicity nationalism and related issues such as identity politics and minority rights. It was established in 2001 and is published bimonthly by SAGE Publications. The editors-in-chief are Stephen May (University of Auckland) and Tariq Modood (University of Bristol).
 The Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1953 by the American Chemical Society. Since 1999 James N.
 Rafael Edward Ted Cruz (born December 22 1970) is the junior United States Senator from Texas. Elected in 2013 he is the first Cuban-American or Latino to hold the office. Cruz is a member of the Republican Party. He served as Solicitor General of Texas from 2003 to May 2008 after being appointed by Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott.
 Eternally Yours is a 1939 American United Artists film produced and directed by Tay Garnett with Walter Wanger as executive producer from a screenplay by C. Graham Baker and Gene Towne. It stars Loretta Young and David Niven. Composer Werner Janssen was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Music.
 Sabotaged is the third novel in The Missing series by Margaret Peterson Haddix. It was released in August 2010.There is a fourth book named Torn which was released on August 23 2011. This is the third book of the series
 The Valea Ursească River or Râul Urseasca or Râul Ursasca is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 Geneva Country Day School also known as the Geneva Memorial Community Center is an historic building in Geneva Illinois. The school originated in the barn of Mr. and Mrs. William D. Bangs after they decided to tutor their sick son and his friends. Eventually this school which they called the Adventure School outgrew the barn and a new building was required. The Bangs family contracted Holabird & Roche to develop the building and the new school opened in 1927.
 Fifth Third Center at One SeaGate is the tallest building in Toledo and Northwest Ohio. Tallest Building in between Chicago and Cleveland and Cincinnati and Detroit. Until 2006 the building served as the world headquarters for Owens-Illinois. In 2007 Fifth Third Bank moved their Northwest Ohio headquarters to the building.
 The Nenana Depot (also known as AHRS Site No. FAI-105) located on A St. in Nenana Alaska is an Alaska Railroad depot built in 1922. The station served an extension of the railroad which was laid in 1916. An addition was placed on the station in 1937 to house the station agent. The station has served both as an important part of the railroad's northern operations and as a terminal for its riverboat service on the Yukon River.
 California Men's Colony (CMC) is a male-only state prison located northwest of the city of San Luis Obispo San Luis Obispo County California along the central California coast approximately halfway between Los Angeles and San Francisco.
 Pielica [pjɛˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malbork within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Malbork and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Puc [put͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kościerzyna and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 168.
 C California Style Magazine is a nationally circulated lifestyle magazine based in Santa Monica California which showcases California's refined way of life through a wide range of lenses from fashion and fine art to home design and travel.
 Inda is the first installment in a quartet of books which act as an historical prequel to Sherwood Smith's other books set in Sartorias-deles the world which she has been writing about since [she] was eight years old. Inda's story takes place in the southern hemisphere of this planet.Inda's sequel The Fox came out on August 7 2007.
 Arve Johannes Lønnum (2 October 1911 – 18 December 1988) was a Norwegian professor of medicine and politician for the Progress Party.He was born in Egge. He took the cand.med. degree in 1945 and the dr.med. degree in 1966. He was a chief physician at the Akershus University Hospital and professor in neurology at the University of Oslo.Lønnum wrote many books about health politics and subjects within military history.
 Skin Folk is a story collection by writer Nalo Hopkinson. Winner of the 2002 World Fantasy Award for Best Story Collection. It was also selected in 2002 for the New York Times Summer Reading List and was one of the New York Times Best Books of the Year.
 Racket Busters is a 1938 movie about crime in the trucking industry starring Humphrey Bogart and George Brent. The picture was directed by Lloyd Bacon.
 The Crab Game (Turkish: Yengeç Oyunu) is a 2009 Turkish drama film written and directed by Ali Özgentürk.
 The Cat Who Walks Through Walls is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein published in 1985. Like many of his later novels it features Lazarus Long and Jubal Harshaw as supporting characters.
 The Bristen (3'073 m) is a mountain in the Glarus Alps overlooking the valley of the Reuss and located to the south of Amsteg in the canton of Uri Switzerland. The mountain is located about four kilometres north of Piz Giuv and the border with Graubünden. The Bristen is considered one of the main landmarks of the Canton of Uri.
 Czeremcha [t͡ʂɛˈrɛmxa] (Ukrainian: Черемха Cheremkha) is a village in Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czeremcha. It lies approximately 29 kilometres (18 mi) south-west of Hajnówka and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 3774.
 Langenes Church (Norwegian: Langenes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Øksnes in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Stø. The church is part of the Øksnes parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church seats about 170 people and was built in the 1500s. It has been renovated several times since then.
 Studzianka [stuˈd͡ʑaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Łomazy 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 89 km (55 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Hemonia micrommata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Turner in 1899. It is found in northern Australia.
 The Economic and Philosophic Science Review (EPSR) is a British socialist newspaper founded by Royston Bull formerly a leading member of the Workers Revolutionary Party and industrial correspondent for The Scotsman newspaper.Bull split from the WRP in 1979 and with a number of supporters to form the Workers Party. The group upon formally repudiating Trotskyism renamed themselves the International Leninist Workers Party and later the Economic and Philosophic Science Review.
 In Patagonia is an English travel book by Bruce Chatwin published in 1977.
 Soulcrusher is the debut album by American hard rock band Operator. The album sold over 110000 copies and peaked at #14 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
 Doris Lindsey Holland Rhodes (December 12 1909 – May 30 1997) was the first woman ever to serve as a member of the Louisiana State Legislature.
 The Nadăș River (Hungarian: Nádas) is a tributary of the Rica River in Romania.The name in Hungarian means reedy. The Romanian name derives from that.
 Divine Intervention (Arabic: يد إلهية‎) is a 2002 film by the Palestinian director Elia Suleiman which may be described as a surreal black comedy.
 777 and Other Qabalistic Writings of Aleister Crowley is a collection of papers written by Aleister Crowley. It was edited and introduced by Dr. Israel Regardie and is a reference book based on the Hermetic Qabalah.
 Rudka [ˈrutka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Pniewy 22 km (14 mi) west of Szamotuły and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Saint Sarkis Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Սարգիս Եկեղեցի Surp Sarkis Yekeghetsi) or Saint Sarkis Church is an Armenian Apostolic Church in the Nor Nork district of Yerevan Armenia. The construction of the church began in 1998 and was sponsored by Sarkis Gabrielian an Armenian benefactor from New York City.The church was built according to the design of the architect Baghdasar Arzoumanian.The painting of the Mother-of-God with the Christ child for the altar is by the painter Grigor Khanjian.
 Gossip Girl is an American young adult novel series written by Cecily von Ziegesar and published by Little Brown and Company a subsidiary of the Hachette Group. The series revolves around the lives and romances of the privileged teenagers at the Constance Billard School for Girls an elite private school in New York City's Upper East Side.
 A Heritage and Its History is a novel by Ivy Compton-Burnett first published in 1959 by Victor Gollancz.
 Fight Club is a 1996 novel by Chuck Palahniuk. It follows the experiences of an unnamed protagonist struggling with insomnia. Inspired by his doctor's exasperated remark that insomnia is not suffering the protagonist finds relief by impersonating a seriously ill person in several support groups.
 Around The World is a Bollywood romantic comedy released in 1967 directed by Pachhi.It was India's first film to be released in 70mm and was extensively shot all around the world as the title suggests. A romcom it featured Raj Kapoor as an Indian who travels around the world on 8 dollars.
 Class Warfare is a book of interviews with Noam Chomsky conducted by David Barsamian. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Pluto Press in 1996.
 The Journal of Chemical & Engineering Data is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1950 by the American Chemical Society. JCED is currently indexed in: Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS) SCOPUS EBSCOhost Proquest British Library PubMed Ovid Web of Science and SwetsWise.The current Editor is Kenneth N. Marsh.The Journal of Chemical & Engineering Data received an Impact Factor of 2.004 as reported by the 2012 Journal Citation Reports by Thomson Reuters.
 Harpalus serripes is a species of black coloured ground beetle which can be found in Palaearctic and the Near East. In Europe it can be found in Albania Benelux Greece Italy Lithuania Portugal Spain Sweden Ukraine all states of former Yugoslavia Central Europe and southern and central parts of Russia. It is also found in such Near Eastern countries as Armenia Georgia Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan and into Algeria of North Africa.
 The Federal Correctional Complex Beaumont (FCC Beaumont) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in Texas. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.The complex consists of three facilities: Federal Correctional Institution Beaumont Low (FCI Beaumont Low): a low-security facility. Federal Correctional Institution Beaumont Medium (FCI Beaumont Medium): a medium-security facility.
 Forever John is a compilation album of previously unreleased songs and alternate takes recorded 1969–1980 by American singer-songwriter John Denver. It was released posthumously in 1998.
 Edward P. Kirby is an American politician from Whitman Massachusetts.
 The Mohican River is a principal tributary of the Walhonding River about 40 miles (64 km) long in north-central Ohio in the United States. Via the Walhonding Muskingum and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 999 square miles (2587 km²).The Mohican River is formed in Ashland County about 2 miles (3 km) southwest of Loudonville by the confluence of the Black Fork and the Clear Fork.
 Soul Yogi is the sixth album by American jazz vibraphonist Freddie McCoy which was recorded in 1968 for the Prestige label.
 Baykent is a village in the District of Posof Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Bathybuccinum yadai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Pygmy Eagle or New Guinea Hawk-Eagle (Hieraaetus (morphnoides) weiskei) is a bird of prey in the Accipitridae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is often considered a subspecies of the Little Eagle but some taxonomists separate it into a distinct species.
 Enemies Among Us is a 2010 thriller film starring Billy Zane and Eric Roberts. It is the first film by the controversial director Dan Garcia who produced Death Toll and Sinners & Saints. Garcia plead guilty in 2013 to a Motion Picture Tax Scam after orchestrating a scheme to defraud the State of Louisiana’s Motion Picture Industry Development Tax Credit Program. Filming took place in Louisiana.
 Larry B. Wiley is a Democratic member of the Utah State House of Representatives representing the 31st District since his appointment in January 2005. Wiley and his wife Karen have five children.
 The Chestnut Casebearer Moth (Coleophora leucochrysella) was a species of moth in the Coleophoridae family. It was endemic to the United States where it was found in Indiana Pennsylvania and Virginia.It is thought the species went extinct when many host trees died due to an infection of the fungus Cryphonectria parasitica which was accidentally introduced from Asia around 1900.The wingspan was 14-15 mm. The larvae fed on Castanea dentata.
 Elachista festucicolella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Sweden to the Alps and from Switzerland to Ukraine and Bulgaria.The wingspan is 7–9 millimetres (0.28–0.35 in). Adults are on wing from late May to early July.The larvae feed on Festuca ovina and Festuca rupicola. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Death in Venice (original Italian title: Morte a Venezia) is a 1971 Italian-French drama film directed by Luchino Visconti and starring Dirk Bogarde and Björn Andrésen. It is based on the novella Death in Venice first published in 1912 as Der Tod in Venedig by the German author Thomas Mann.
 Professional Remodeler (ISSN-1521-9135) is a trade publication and web site serving the information needs of residential commercial and general remodeling contractors.Established in 1997 Professional Remodeler magazine is published monthly.
 Hougang Mall (Chinese: 后港购物坊) previously known as NTUC Hougang Mall is a suburban shopping mall in Hougang Singapore. It is near Hougang Central Bus Interchange as well as Hougang MRT station.In 2006 the mall underwent renovation; it transformed part of the second level formerly occupied by NTUC FairPrice into a food cluster. The mall previously had renovations on the fifth level. Before renovations a food court stood on the fifth floor.
 Eskan (Persian: اسكان‎ also Romanized as Eskān) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District Zalian District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 469 in 149 families.
 The Wyvern's Spur is a fantasy novel by Kate Novak and Jeff Grubb that was originally published in 1990. It is the second novel in the Finder’s Stone Trilogy which is set within the world of the Forgotten Realms. This novel received 4 stars from OtherRealms.The novel focuses on a clumsy but well-meaning young nobleman whose designs on a return to normal town life are interrupted when he stumbles into an ancestral vendetta and rediscovers a family legacy.
 The Lovat Hotel is a hotel in Fort Augustus at the southern end of Loch Ness in Scotland originally built in the 1860s. It stands on the site of Kilwhimen Barracks one of only four Hanoverian forts built to pacify the Highlands after the 1715 & 1719 Jacobite uprisings.
 Avinash Rai Khanna (born December 30 1960) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Hoshiarpur constituency of Punjab and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.He was elected as an MLA from Garshankar in year 2002. In 2003 he was also elected as a State President B.J.P Punjab. After that he was elected Member of Parliament from Hoshiarpur Constituency in the year 2004. Under his leadershipfirst time in Punjab B.J.P.
 The South Platte River (Arapaho: Niinéniiniicíihéhe') is one of the two principal tributaries of the Platte River and is itself a major river of the American Midwest and the American Southwest/Mountain West located in the U.S. states of Colorado and Nebraska.
 Hi De Ho (also known as Hi-De-Ho) is a 1947 American musical race movie which was released by All American and has an African-American cast.The film stars Cab Calloway. He performs a number of songs in the film including a capella versions of Minnie was a Hep Cat and St. James Infirmary with his orchestra. The orchestra also provides incidental music for the other performers. Featured in the movie are the Peters Sisters (singers) and the Miller Brothers and Lois (tap dancers).
 Krytyka Polityczna (Polish pronunciation: [ˈkrɨtɨka pɔliˈtɨt͡ʂna]; The Political Critique) is a circle of Polish left-wing intellectuals gathered around a journal of the same title founded by Sławomir Sierakowski in 2002.
 Hagedal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 The Estero Punitaqui is a river of Chile.
 SST Death Flight (aka SST: Disaster in the Sky) is a 1977 made-for-TV movie produced by ABC Circle Films. It featured an all-star television cast and was directed by David Lowell Rich who went on to direct The Concorde ... Airport '79. The film capitalizes on the popularity of 1970s aircraft disaster films this time with a supersonic transport aircraft that is refused permission to land due to the threat of spreading a virulent strain of influenza.
 The Company of Wolves is a 1984 British Gothic fantasy-horror film directed by Neil Jordan written by Angela Carter and Jordan and starring Sarah Patterson Angela Lansbury Stephen Rea and David Warner.The film is based on the werewolf story of the same name in Angela Carter's short story collection The Bloody Chamber.
 Boelenslaan (West Frisian: Boelensloane) is a small town in Achtkarspelen municipality in Friesland province in the northern Netherlands.Boelenslaan has 1186 inhabitants and is named from its founder Mr. Boelens after whom it was named. Laan - avenue; the road through the village used to be a sandy road and is still bearing the name Boelenswei (wei being the West Frisian word for road.
 The Nash Block also known as the McKesson-Robbins Warehouse and currently as The Greenhouse is located at 902-912 Farnam Street in Omaha Nebraska. Designed by Thomas R. Kimball and built in 1907 the building is the last remnant of Downtown Omaha's Jobbers Canyon. It was named an Omaha Landmark in 1978 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Light at the Edge of the World is a 1971 adventure film adapted from Jules Verne's classic 1905 adventure novel Le Phare du bout du monde.
 Zeacumantus subcarinatus common name the southern creeper is a species of small sea snail or mud snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Potamididae the horn snails.
 Gallagher Mansion and Outbuilding is a historic home located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It was originally built about 1854 as an Italianate villa and was subsequently enlarged and embellished in the Second Empire style of the later mid century. It features walls built of local rough fieldstone and rubble and a mansard roof covered with decorative slate.
 Daniel Parkhurst Leadbetter (September 10 1797 – February 26 1870) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio in Ohio during the 1840s.He retired from office before the end of the decade although he had support to run again. Later he served in the American Civil War as a captain. Settling in Millersburg the county seat of Holmes County Ohio he and his brother Moses Leadbetter eventually came to own almost half the town.
 Martin Paul Whitely was born on 19 October 1959 in Perth Australia. He was a Labor member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from February 2001 until he retired from state politics in March 2013.
 Skrwa Lewa (Left Skrwa; in Polish also Skrwa Lewobrzeżna or Skrwa Południowa) is a river of Poland a left tributary of the Vistula. It flows through the Gostynin-Włocławek Landscape Park and from the town of Gostynin to its mouth it is a kayaking area.Its counterpart the Skrwa Prawa (Right Skrwa) joins the Vistula about three miles downstream on the opposite bank.
 The United States Range is one of the most northern mountain ranges in the world and of the Arctic Cordillera and is surpassed only by the Challenger Mountains to the northwest. The range is located on the northeastern region of Ellesmere Island in Nunavut Canada and is part of the Innuitian Mountains. The highest mountain in the range is Mount Eugene (1850 m).
 Sven Giegold (born 17 November 1969) is a German politician for the Alliance 90/The Greens party and one of the founding members of Attac Germany. He became a member of the Greens only in 2008 and was elected to the European Parliament in the 2009 elections.Born in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria Spain Giegold grew up in Hanover Lower Saxony. He enrolled at the University of Lüneburg in 1991 majoring in political science and economics and later attended the University of Bremen.
 Test is a 2013 American drama film written and directed by Chris Mason Johnson. The film was screened in the Panorama section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.The film is set in San Francisco in 1985 shortly after the launch of the first effective HIV test and depicts the effects of the HIV/AIDS crisis on a professional dance company based in the city.The film won two Jury Awards for Best American Dramatic Feature Film and Best Screenwriting at the 2013 Outfest in Los Angeles.
 Trompe le Monde is the fourth studio album by the American alternative rock band Pixies released in 1991 on the English independent record label 4AD in the United Kingdom and by Elektra Records in the United States. After the surf-pop of Bossanova the album saw a return to the abrasive sound of the band's early albums.
 Teinoptila clavata is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in China (Guangxi).The wingspan is 15-16 mm.
 The Valea Albescului River is a tributary of the Valea Caselor river in Romania.
 Nach Nach is the 2009 collaboration album by Punjabi-American Southern Rap artist Deep Cold and Kamla Punjabi produced by Dj Sanj/J-Nas. It was released on Deep Cold's Independent Da 1 Records. The track Man On Fire was released previously on America's Most Wanted 4 and the track Punjabi Munde was released previously as Boyz In Da Hood on the J-Nas album entitled Asian R&B.
 Laya Gorty is a Telugu film actress and a Kuchipudi dancer. Her debut film as child actor is Bhadram Koduko in 1992. Later she started as an actress with Telugu Film Swayamvaram in 1999 along with another popular actor Venu in 1999. She went on to act in about 40 Telugu Tamil and Malayalam films.
 Cheiracanthium cretense is a spider species found in Crete.
 Portamento is the second studio album by American indie pop band The Drums. The album was released in the United Kingdom on September 2 2011 through Moshi Moshi and Island Records and was preceded by the release of lead single Money on August 19.
 City of Angels is an album by the Motown soul group The Miracles released on Motown Records' Tamla label in September 1975. The group's fourth album recorded after replacing lead singer Smokey Robinson with Billy Griffin in 1972 City of Angels is a concept album depicting of a man from Anytown U.S.A. who follows his estranged girlfriend Charlotte to Los Angeles where she has gone in hopes of becoming a star.
 Creatures of Habit is a Rock album by Billy Squier that was released in 1991. It contains the singles She Goes Down and Facts of Life.This album marked a downturn in Billy's career when it only charted at #117 on the Billboard album chart selling less than 200000 copies in the United States.
 Best of the Best Volume 2: 20 Years of the Year's Best Short Science Fiction Novels (ISBN 978-0312363413) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 2007. It is a special edition in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 The Kuwait Water Towers are a prominent group of 31 water towers in Kuwait City completed in 1976.
 The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society is the sixth studio album by the English rock group the Kinks released in November 1968. It was the last album by the original quartet as bassist Pete Quaife left the group in early 1969. A collection of thematic vignettes of English town and hamlet life The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society was assembled from songs written and recorded over the previous two years.
 Like Water for Chocolate (Spanish: Como agua para chocolate) is a popular novel published in 1989 by first-time Mexican novelist Laura Esquivel.The novel follows the story of a young girl named Tita who longs her entire life to marry her lover Pedro but can never have him because of her mother's upholding of the family tradition of the youngest daughter not marrying but taking care of her mother until the day she dies.
 The Senegalese cobra (Naja senegalensis) is a species of cobra in the genus Naja that is found in West Africa. This species was long thought to be identical to the Egyptian cobra (Naja haje) but morphological and genetic differences have led to its recognition as a separate species. It differs from Naja haje in normally having more than 23 dorsal scale rows around the neck and a uniformly dark head without any obvious pattern on the supralabial scales.
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Racoviţa river in Romania.
 Stone's Fall is a 2009 historical-mystery novel by Iain Pears.
 Mallepoovu or Malle Poovu (Telugu: మల్లెపూవు) is a 1978 Telugu Drama film directed by V. Madhusudan Rao. It is remake of 1957 Hindi film Pyaasa produced and directed by Guru Dutt.It is Musical film with lyrics penned by Veturi Sundararama Murthy and Arudra and Music scored by K. Chakravarthy. The songs are voiced by S. P. Balasubrahmanyam P. Susheela and Vani Jayaram.
 Dmitri Trofimovich Shepilov (Russian: Дми́трий Трофи́мович Шепи́лов Dmitrij Trofimovič Šepilov; 5 November [O.S. 23 October] 1905 – 8 August 1995) was a Soviet politician and Minister of Foreign Affairs who joined the abortive plot to oust Nikita Khrushchev from power in 1957.
 Sir Robert George Cooper CBE (24 June 1936 – 15 November 2004) popularly known as Sir Bob Cooper was a politician and equal opportunities activist in Northern Ireland.Born and raised in County Donegal in Ireland Cooper a Presbyterian attended Foyle College and then studied law at The Queen's University of Belfast where he was the Chair of the Young Unionists.
 The Prisaca River is a tributary of the Pleşca River in Romania.
 Catocala amabilis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Transcaspia.
 The Interpretation of Dreams (German: Die Traumdeutung) is a book by psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud. The book introduces Freud's theory of the unconscious with respect to dream interpretation and also first discusses what would later become the theory of the Oedipus complex. Freud revised the book at least eight times and in the third edition added an extensive section which treated dream symbolism very literally following the influence of Wilhelm Stekel.
 Roknabad-ye Do (Persian: ركن آباد2‎ also Romanized as Roknābād-e Do; also known as Roknābād) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 16 families.
 Dahek - A burning Passion is a 1999 Hindi Romance film directed by Lateef Binni. The film features Akshaye Khanna and Sonali Bendre in the lead roles. The film deals with a Love tale between a Hindu and a Muslim protagonists.
 Tupper Lake is a lake in New York in the USA. The lake is in the Adirondack Park and crosses the county lines of St. Lawrence County and Franklin County. Tupper Lake was discovered by Native Americans indigenous to the area around the 16th century. The first white man to see it was Ansel Tupper a land surveyor. Ironically he later drowned there while fishing because a deceitful Native American named Jev loosened the planks in Tupper's canoe.
 Bagniewko [baɡˈɲefkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 La chance de ma vie is a 2011 French comedy film directed by Nicolas Cuche.
 Honey Run Bridge is a wooden covered bridge on Honey Run Road located about halfway in between Chico and Paradise in northern California. The bridge crosses Butte Creek and intersects with Centerville Road in Butte County California. It was open to traffic until a car crashed into it in 1965 causing damage to the bridge.
 Alaylı is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Lebanon Chapel AME Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church bounded by Young Street on the West and Middle Street on the North in Fairhope Alabama. It was built in 1923 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Notes of Some Wanderings with the Swami Vivekananda (1913) is an English language book written by Sister Nivedita. In this book Nivedita has narrated the experiences she had while traveling with the Swami Vivekananda in different parts of India.
 The Bamboo Annals (Chinese: 竹書紀年; pinyin: Zhúshū Jìnián) also called the Jizhong Annals (Chinese: 汲冢紀年) is a chronicle of ancient China.It begins at the earliest legendary times (the Yellow Emperor) and extends to 299 BC with the later centuries focussing on the history of the State of Wei in the Warring States period. It thus covers a similar period to Sima Qian's Records of the Grand Historian (91 BC).
 Stoned Part I is the third album by the British neo-soul composer and multi-instrumentalist Lewis Taylor released in 2003.
 The Tinner's Arms is a traditional Cornish pub in Zennor Cornwall. It is located opposite St Senara's Church and was originally built in 1271 to house the masons building the church. The name is derived from the Tinners with records of tin extraction in the area dating back to Tudor times.D. H. Lawrence stayed for a fortnight in the pub in 1916. The pub sign pictures a tin miner at work testimony to its origins. It is the only pub in the village.
 Drillia audax is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Love of Captain Brando (Spanish: El amor del capitán Brando) is a 1974 Spanish drama film directed by Jaime de Armiñán. It was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Bellevue Square is a shopping center in Bellevue Washington. The mall has 180 retail stores with anchors JCPenney Macy's and Nordstrom and specialty stores such as Tiffany's Hugo Boss Armani Exchange Lego Victorinox Swiss Army and the Microsoft Store. Restaurants include P.F. Chang's The Cheesecake Factory Red Robin and Ruth's Chris Steak House.
 Grizzly Peakelevation 13995 ft (4266 m) is the highest thirteener summit in Colorado. The mountain is composed of andesite lava flows and breccias of Oligocene age. It is located in the Sawatch Range on the Continental Divide on the border between Pitkin County and Chaffee County. Grizzly Peak is the 54th highest peak in Colorado by most standard definitions just missing the list of Colorado fourteeners.
 Westfield Plenty Valley is a shopping centre in the suburb of Mill Park in Melbourne Victoria Australia. Until its expansion in 2008 it was known as Plenty Valley Town Centre and hosted one major store (Coles Supermarket) and approximately 22 specialty stores.Westfield commenced a re-development program for the centre in 2007 expanding the area to 53086 m2at a cost of approx A$200 million.
 Cool Sax from Hollywood to Broadway is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1964 and released on the Columbia label.
 Civil Hospital Aizawl is a state-owned hospital in Aizawl Mizoram India. Founded as a 'Coolie Dispensary' in Colonial India in 1896 it grew up to the form of a hospital in 1906.
 Everything's OK is a 2005 album by American R&B singer Al Green (credited on the cover art and track credits of this album as The Reverend Al Green) produced by Willie Mitchell and Green and released on the Blue Note label. The album peaked at #19 on the R&B chart and #50 on the pop chart Green's first album to place in the pop top 50 since 1975.
 Tunstall Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire England.
 Il tiranno di Siracusa (English Translation: Damon and Pythias) is a 1962 Italian / American film directed by Curtis Bernhardt. The film is based on the Greek legend of Damon and Pythias and set during the reign of Dionysius I of Syracuse (432-367 BC).
 Flaming Schoolgirls is the all-female rock band The Runaways' fifth and final album released in 1980 a year after the band had broken up. A compilation of previously unreleased recordings the album consists of one alternate version and three unreleased tracks from the sessions for the 1977 album Queens of Noise five live tracks leftover from the 1977 album Live in Japan and two Cherie Currie demo recordings.
 The Piyale Pasha Mosque (Ottoman Turkish: پیاله پاشا جامع Piyale Paşa Camii) also known as the Tersane Mosque (literally: Arsenal Mosque) is an Ottoman mosque located in the Kasımpaşa neighborhood of Beyoğlu district in Istanbul Turkey.
 This Funny World was a gag cartoon panel syndicated to newspapers by the McNaught Syndicate from March 6 1944 to 1985.In addition to original cartoons the series featured numerous reprints of cartoons previously published in leading magazines including The American Magazine American Legion Magazine Collier's Look True and Woman's Home Companion.
 Sings His Greatest Hits is a greatest hits collection by country singer Billy Crash Craddock. It was released in 1978 on ABC Records.
 The Moussier's Redstart (Phoenicurus moussieri) is a small passerine bird in the genus Phoenicurus (redstarts) formerly classed as a member of the thrush family (Turdidae) but is now classified as an Old World flycatcher (Muscicapidae). It is an endemic resident breeder in the Atlas Mountains of northwest Africa. Its habitat is open woodland in rocky areas from sea level up to 3000 m altitude in the mountains.It is the smallest redstart only 12 cm long and 14–15 g weight.
 Oore is a village in Tori Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Cogra Moss is a shallow reservoir to the east of the village of Lamplugh on the western edge of the English Lake District. It was created by the damming of Rakegill Beck in about 1880 though its function as a water supply ceased in 1975. The reservoir which is surrounded by forestry plantations on three sides is popular with walkers and anglers.
 The Webster Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church off NH 127 on Long Street in Webster New Hampshire United States. The church was built in 1823 by George Pillsbury a local builder with interior joinery by William Abbot another experienced church builder and is an excellent representation of late Federal styling. The main facade has three entrances each topped by a semicircular fanlight with reeded soffit.
 Fatale is a supernatural noir comic book created by Ed Brubaker and Sean Phillips which began publication through Image Comics in 2012. The series was initially announced as a twelve-issue maxi-series but was upgraded to an ongoing title in November 2012.
 Kahrizak (Persian: كهريزك‎ also Romanized as Kahrīzak) is a village in Ramjin Rural District Chaharbagh District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 659 in 160 families.
 The Peter Burr House was built between 1751 and 1755 near present-day Shenandoah Junction West Virginia making it one of the oldest houses in West Virginia. Burr whose first cousin was Aaron Burr was one of the first settlers in the area. It is the oldest surviving post-and-beam-construction house in West Virginia. The property remains in the hands of Burr's descendants.
 The Moș Gavrilă River is a tributary of the Cărbunele River in Romania.
 West Blue Mountain is the highest peak in the San Mateo Mountains of southwestern New Mexico in the United States. It rises in the southern half of the range far from any paved road making access difficult and traffic on the surrounding trails very light.Its summit is the highest point in the Apache Kid Wilderness of the Cibola National Forest.
 Arıönü is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 859 people.
 Kościelniki Górne [kɔɕt͡ɕɛlˈniki ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna within Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Leśna 8 km (5 mi) south of Lubań and 124 km (77 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 The Șilindru River is a tributary of the Salcia River in Romania.
 Millmont Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Montgomery Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The property includes the main house a double log house a stone and frame secondary dwelling a large frame bank barn and the site of a grist mill. The main house was built between 1798 and 1821 and is a 2-story five bay stone dwelling with a 1 1/2-story rear wing. It has a vernacular Georgian plan.
 Hoxwinder Hall is an American comic strip by Daniel Boris who started the strip while in art school in the 1980s at Art Institute of Pittsburgh.
 George William Johnson (July 10 1892 in Stratford Ontario – April 26 1973) was a politician in Manitoba Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1959 to 1962 representing the Winnipeg riding of Assiniboia for the Progressive Conservative Party.
 Peter Skinner (born 1 June 1959 in Oxford) is a Member of the European Parliament for the Labour Party for South East England. Educated at St. Josephs R.C. Secondary Modern School in Orpington Kent he attended Bradford University between 1979 and 1982 where he attained a BSc in Economics and Politics. Between 1986 and 87 he undertook a post-graduate course in Industrial Relations and in 1991 completed a post-graduate Diploma in Education.
 CAB is the self-titled first studio album by the band CAB released on March 7 2000 through Tone Center Records.
 The Moment of Truth is the seventh novel by Jude Watson in the Star Wars Jedi Quest book series.
 Chitralekha is a 1934 Hindi novel written by Bhagwati Charan Verma. The novel is about the philosophy of life and love sin and virtue. The novel was written while the author was still practicing law at Hamirpur and brought him immediate fame and starting his literary career.
 Mademoiselle Zhivago is an album by Lara Fabian. The whole set of songs composed by Fabian with Igor Krutoy is in English French Italian Spanish and also in Russian.
 Sauvey Castle is an early medieval ringwork and bailey castle and is a Scheduled Ancient Monument in the civil parish or Withcote Leicestershire (grid reference SK78680525). The castle was built sometime between 1135–1154.
 Ab Zalu-ye Sofla-ye Neqareh Khaneh (Persian: اب زالوسفلي نقاره خانه‎ also Romanized as Āb Zālū-ye Soflá-ye Neqāreh Khāneh; also known as Āb Zālū-ye Pā’īn Āb Zālū-ye Soflá and Belī Angūrī) is a village in Kabgian Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 10 families.
 The African common toad or guttural toad (Amietophrynus gutturalis) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Lesotho Malawi Mauritius Mozambique Namibia Réunion Somalia South Africa Ethiopia Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests dry savanna moist savanna temperate shrubland subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland intermittent rivers freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland rural gardens urban areas heavily degraded former forest ponds and canals and ditches.
 St Michael's Church Coppenhall is in the Coppenhall area of Crewe Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Nantwich.
 Pray for the Wildcats is a 1974 U.S. television film that originally aired as an ABC Movie of the Week. It is a thriller-drama about a psychopathic business executive chasing his workers on dirtbikes through the desert after he killed a young man. The film was directed by Robert Michael Lewis and starred William Shatner and Andy Griffith. It co-starred Robert Reed Marjoe Gortner Angie Dickinson and Lorraine Gary.The film was released in 1987 on video by Republic Pictures Home Video.
 The Mighty Marvel Western was an American comic book series published by Marvel Comics. A Western anthology that ran 46 issues it consisted of reprint stories of the Marvel Old West heroes the Rawhide Kid Kid Colt the Two-Gun Kid and Matt Slade featuring much art by Jack Kirby Jack Keller and others. New covers on all but three issues were by Herb Trimpe John Severin and Gil Kane among others.
 Reba McEntire is Reba McEntire's first studio album. It featured her first single I Don't Wanna Be a One Night Stand as well as a cover of the Jennifer Warnes hit Right Time of the Night and the Hot hit Angel in Your Arms. Her debut album was not a success and it failed to chart. It was re-issued on CD in 1993 and released digitally in 2012.
 The Book of Dead Days is a novel by Marcus Sedgwick. It tells the story of a 15-year-old named Boy a sorcerer named Valerian a girl named Willow and a scientist named Kepler. The Book of Dead Days is set in the days between Christmas and New Year the period of time to which the title refers: a strange a quiet interlude somehow outside the rest of the year outside time itself.
 Gaudence Cassian Kayombo (born 25 July 1955) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Mbinga East constituency since 2005.
 Whitefield's Tabernacle Tottenham Court Road a church in London England also called Tottenham Court Road Chapel was built in 1756 for George Whitefield. It was enlarged in 1759. John Wesley preached a sermon On the death of the Rev Mr George Whitefield both here and at Whitefield's Tabernacle Moorfields in 1770.The original chapel stood on the west side of Tottenham Court Road between Tottenham Street and Howland Street surrounded by fields and gardens.
 Jamki [ˈjamki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopiska within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Częstochowa and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 5220.
 The Sărata River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Rheinwaldhorn (Italian: Adula) is the highest point in the Swiss canton of Ticino at 3402 metres above sea level. It lies on the border between the cantons of Graubünden and Ticino in the Adula massif part of the St. Gotthard massif of the Lepontine Alps in southern Switzerland.The mountain is known under different names Rheinwaldhorn Adula or Piz Valrhein.
 Yumyeongsan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. Its area extends over the counties of Gapyeong and Yangpyeong. It has an elevation of 862 m (2828 ft).
 Sardav (Persian: سرداو‎ also Romanized as Sardāv; also known as Sardāb) is a village in Beleh Keh Rural District Alut District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 361 in 70 families.
 Clemensia acroperalis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The Everglades: River of Grass is a non-fiction book written by Marjory Stoneman Douglas in 1947. Published the same year as the formal opening of Everglades National Park the book was a call to attention about the degrading quality of life in the Everglades and continues to remain an influential book on nature conservation as well as a reference for information on South Florida. It was used as recently as 2007 by the New York Times.
 Now We're in the Air (1927) is a silent film starring the unofficial late-1920s intermittent comedy team of Wallace Beery and Raymond Hatton; and Louise Brooks who plays twins. The movie was directed by Frank R. Strayer.Wallace Beery and Louise Brooks worked together the following year in Beggars of Life a well-received early sound film.
 Pseudocroesia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Te Hoe River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows south from its sources west of Lake Waikaremoana to reach the Mohaka River 20 kilometres north of Lake Tutira.
 Kasteel Wittem is a former restaurant located in Wittem in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1977-1989.In the period 1975-1979 head chef was Jan Vossen. At least in the period 1987-1990 Theus van Schaik was the head chef. Wim Rekko took over but could not retain the star.The restaurant was part of Hotel Kasteel Wittem which closed down in June 2009. The owners Marc and Peter Ritzen had run the hotel for 40 years.
 Rizeh (Persian: ريزه‎ also Romanized as Rīzeh) is a village in Faruj Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 386 in 86 families.
 Abraxas albiquadrata is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. It was described by Warren in 1897. It is known from Ceram and Bacan.
 Animetal Marathon II: Tokusatsu Collection (アニメタル・マラソンⅡ ～特撮編～ Animetaru Marason Tsū ~Tokusatsu Hen~) is the second album by Japanese heavy metal band Animetal released in 1998. This album focuses on the theme songs of tokusatsu series from the 1970s and 1980s.
 Torellia mirabilis is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae the cap snails.
 Yellow Men Sleep is a lost world novel by Jeremy Lane. It was first published in book form in 1919 by The Century Company. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine All-Story Weekly beginning May 3 1919.
 Peetrimõisa is a village in Kanepi Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Echo Park is the 17th novel by American crime-writer Michael Connelly and the twelfth featuring the Los Angeles detective Hieronymus Harry Bosch.
 Meditsinskaya Tekhnika (Russian: Медицинская техника English: Medical Engineering) is a bimonthly Russian peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1967 and covering the field of biomedical engineering. The editor-in-chief is Sergey V. Selishchev (since 2008).An English translation is published by Springer Science+Business Media (Springer New York) under the title Biomedical Engineering (since 1967).
 Dark Shadows is a 2012 American horror comedy film based on the gothic soap opera of the same name that was produced for television between 1966 and 1971. The film is directed by Tim Burton and stars Johnny Depp as Barnabas Collins a 200-year-old vampire who has been imprisoned in a coffin. Collins is eventually unearthed and makes his way back to his mansion now inhabited by his dysfunctional descendants.
 Shirin is a 2008 film directed by Iranian filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami. The film is considered by some critics as a notable twist in the artistic career of Kiarostami.In 2008 Kiarostami directed the feature Shirin which features close-ups of many notable Iranian actresses and French actress Juliette Binoche as they watch a film based on a part mythological Persian romance tale of Khosrow and Shirin with themes of female self-sacrifice.
 Lothkan is a village in Taunggyi Township Taunggyi District in the Shan State of eastern Burma. It is located west of the town of Loisawn. A road connects it to Nawnge in the east and Nampan on the south shore of Inle Lake in the west.
 Touchdown Tavern formerly Roper Hotel or Roper's City Hotel is a restaurant and bar in a historic hotel building in the Second Empire style at 125 East Main Street in Reedsburg Wisconsin United States. The two-storey red brick structure with stone trim and a mansard roof was designed by Edward M. Hackett and constructed in 1886 for $10000. It includes arched window frames brick detailing on the facade and a small porch with ornamental metal balustrade on the second floor.
 Paul Emile François Henri Vanden Boeynants (Dutch pronunciation: [pɒˑu̯l vɑndənˈbuɪ̯nɑnts]) (22 May 1919 – 9 January 2001) was a Belgian politician. He served as the 41st Prime Minister of Belgium for two brief periods (1966–68 and 1978–79).Vanden Boeynants (called VDB by journalists) was born in Forest / Vorst a municipality in the Brussels-Capital Region. Active as a businessman in the meat industry he was a Representative for the PSC-CVP between 1949 and 1979.
 Aleksandrów [alɛkˈsandruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Strzelce 11 km (7 mi) north of Kutno and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Latia neritoides is a species of small freshwater snail or limpet an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Latiidae. The type specimen is in the British Museum.The specific epithet neritoides means like a nerite. The shell of this species has an internal shelf or lamella but it more closely resembles a shell of a Crepidula than it does a Nerita.
 Rumors Laid Waste is an EP by The Blood Brothers. While all songs were recorded between 1998 and 1999 [1] the EP itself was released in 2003.
 The Guiana Shield is one of the three cratons of the South American Plate. It is a 1.7 billion-year-old[citation needed] Precambrian geological formation in northeast South America that forms a portion of the northern coast. The higher elevations on the shield are called the Guiana Highlands which is where the table-like mountains called tepuis are found.
 Pick-Staiger Concert Hall is a building on the campus of Northwestern University in EvanstonIllinois. The hall was named for Corinne Frada Pick Pick’s wife and Pauline Pick Staiger his sister and Staiger’s late wife. The building was constructed mostly from precast concrete and glass and seats 1003. All seats have an unobstructed view of the stage. It also includes thirty plastic dish-shaped panels over the stage.
 Bombil & Beatrice is a movie by Kaizad Gustad released at the Cannes film festival in 2007.
 Revelation Nausea is the third album by Swedish death metal band Vomitory. It was released in 2001 on Metal Blade.
 Cheshmeh-ye Qader (Persian: چشمه قادر‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Qāder) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 12 families.
 John Hastings (1778 – December 8 1854) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.Born in Ireland in 1778 Hastings engaged in agricultural pursuits while studying law in Lisbon Ohio.
 The Polychrome Glaciers are five glaciers in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glaciers originate in parallel glaciated north-trending valleys in the Alaska Range opposite Polychrome Mountain across Polychrome Pass.
 Ship Inn is a historic inn and tavern located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1796 and is a two-story six bay Georgian style stone building with brick chimneys. The main block measures 50 feet by 37 feet with a rear kitchen wing measuring 29 feet by 20 feet. It remained in operation as an inn until 1854. In the 20th century a restaurant opened in the building.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Slicks Box first release not with Rhymesayers Entertainment by Musab Saad formerly Beyond and now known as Sab the Artist. The 12-track recording was released by Hieroglyphics Imperium. This release features several rock track samples such as Toto's Hold the Line and Led Zeppelin's Whole Lotta Love.
 Tiniyagala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Brick Chapel Church and Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery located at Canton in St. Lawrence County New York. The church was built in 1858 for the local Methodist congregation who merged with the Presbyterians in the 1910s. It is a 40 feet by 56 feet brick structure resting on a raised ashlar limestone foundation. It features a large square engaged bell tower on the front facade.
 Discoveries in Australia; with an account of the coasts and rivers explored and surveyed during the voyage of H.M.S. Beagle in the years 1837-38-39-40-41-42-43 by command of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty. Also a narrative of Captain Owen Stanley's visits to the islands in the Arafura Sea. widely known as Discoveries in Australia is an 1846 two-volume work by John Lort Stokes.
 The debut full length album from Swedish band Shout Out Louds. The original version released in Scandinavian countries on 1 October 2003 contained a slightly different track listing from the international release. Their website advertises the international version as being A collection of songs from all our Scandinavian releases. Everything from plastic to vinyl.The international version was released on May 24 2005 in the United States and Canada.
 Wojciechów [vɔi̯ˈt͡ɕexuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Łaziska 8 km (5 mi) west of Opole Lubelskie and 52 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 The Bridgeport Bridge in Denmark Iowa is a Pennsylvania through truss bridge that was built in 1998. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Burt Rowe Solomons (born October 31 1950) is an attorney from North Carrollton Texas who was from 1995 to 2013 a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 65 in suburban southeastern Denton County.
 Phaedinus carbonelli is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné in 1999.
 117° is the second studio album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin and his first not released under a band name following the breakup of his post-Guns N' Roses group the Ju Ju Hounds. The album contains a cover of Chuck Berry's Memphis.The album features appearances from Stradlin's former Guns N' Roses bandmate Duff McKagan and former Ju Ju Hounds' bandmate Rick Richards also ex-of The Georgia Satellites.
 The Walden Street Cattle Pass also referred to as the cow path is an historic site adjacent to the MBTA Commuter Rail Fitchburg Line right-of-way under the Walden Street Bridge in Cambridge Massachusetts. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. The site a tunnel for moving cattle between the railroad and the nearby stockyards of the 19th century was built in 1857.
 Turmada is a Neotropical genus of Grass Skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Scopula unilineata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India (the Khasia Hills).
 Lotta's fountain is a historical fountain located at the intersection of Market Street where Geary and Kearny Streets connect in downtown San Francisco California.
 Shane is a 1953 American Western film from Paramount. It was produced and directed by George Stevens from a screenplay by A. B. Guthrie Jr. based on the 1949 novel of the same name by Jack Schaefer. Its Oscar-winning cinematography was by Loyal Griggs.
 The Third Eye is a 1920 American film serial directed by James W. Horne. The film is considered to be lost.
 Chameleon Jail (カメレオン ジェイル Kamerion Jeiru) is a manga series written by Kazuhiko Watanabe and illustrated by Takehiko Inoue who is more well known for his subsequent manga Slam Dunk. Chameleon Jail is Inoue's first manga series to be compiled in tankōbon form. It was first published in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump in Japan in 1989. The story centers on a risk hunter named Chameleon Jail who thwarts and solves crimes by using a superhuman ability to change his appearance at will.
 John Nesbitt Kirchhoffer (May 5 1848 – December 22 1914) was a Canadian politician.Born in Ballyvourney County Cork Ireland the son of the Reverend Richard B. Kirchhoffer Rector of Ballyvourney Parish he was educated at Marlborough College and came to Canada in 1864. Kirchhoffer served as an Ensign in the Fenian raids in 1866 and subsequently was Captain of one of the Companies of the Port Hope (46th) Battalion.
 Szilard is a damaged lunar crater that lies to the east-northeast of the crater Richardson. It is named after Leó Szilárd the scientist who theorised nuclear chain reactions and famously worked on the atomic bomb during WWII. About a half-crater-diameter to the northwest is the large walled plain Harkhebi. Between Harkhebi and Szilard is the small Giordano Bruno.
 Storkowo [stɔrˈkɔvɔ] (formerly German Storkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzmiąca within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Grzmiąca 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Szczecinek and 132 km (82 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 The Locke School is a historic school building at 88 Park Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. The two story brick building was built in 1899 to a design by Gay & Proctor. Shaped like an H it has a hip roof and Renaissance Revival styling. In 1984 it was converted into condominiums.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Common names: western bush viper West African leaf viper more.Atheris chlorechis is a venomous viper species found only in the forests of West Africa. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Free Ride is a 2013 American crime drama film produced by and starring Anna Paquin. It was written and directed by Shana Betz (aka Shana Sosin) and is based on her childhood in Fort Lauderdale. The film premiered at the 2013 Hamptons International Film Festival.
 Cottage Row Historic District is a national historic district located in Saranac Lake (Harrietstown) in Franklin County New York. It includes 27 contributing privately owned single-family dwellings built between 1900 and 1940 with the majority constructed between 1907 and 1917. They are mostly two or three story wood framed structures with gable or gambrel roofs dormers and wood siding or shingles.
 Muhammad Abdel Hamid Baydoun (born 5 February 1952) is a moderate Lebanese politician and served as a member of the Lebanese parliament from 1992 until 2005. He also served as minister of power and energy as recently as 2005. He participated in many rallies organized by the 14 March coalition.
 The Kumaon mountain lizard (Japalura kumaonensis) is an agamid lizard found in northern India Pakistan Nepal and China.
 Jean Louis Robinson (born 22 March 1952) is a Malagasy politician. Robinson was the top contender in the first round of the 2013 general election held in September 2013. He lost the run-off against Hery Rajaonarimampianina in the second round of presidential elections held in December 2013 earning 46.5% of the vote against 53.5% for Rajaonarimampianina.
 Lake Millstatt (German: Millstätter See sometimes written Millstättersee Slovene: Milštatsko jezero) is a lake in Carinthia Austria.
 Adamów Rososki [aˈdamuf rɔˈsɔski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Chynów 20 km (12 mi) east of Grójec and 35 km (22 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Dr. Jean Ramjohn-Richards (born 1935) was the First Lady of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago and is a medical doctor. She was born in San Fernando and was educated at Naparima Girls' High School and Naparima College before attending medical school in Ireland. She is married to President George Maxwell Richards and has two children. She is a cousin of former President Noor Hassanali and Olympian Manny Ramjohn.In addition to her duties as First Lady Dr.
 Cerro El Roble is a mountain in central Chile. Much of the land area associated with this mountain was incorporated into the La Campana National Park in the late 1990s. A station of the National Astronomical Observatory of Chile Cerro El Roble Observatory is located at the top of this mountain.
 Acrosticta dichroa is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Acrosticta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Asthena livida is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in India.
 Borrasca en las almas (English: Storm in the Soul) is a 1954 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Vaada (Hindi: वादा translation: Promise) is a 2005 Bollywood thriller film directed by Satish Kaushik. The film stars Arjun Rampal Amisha Patel and Zayed Khan in lead roles. The story revolves around a murder amidst a convoluted love-triangle. It released on 7 January 2005.
 Qatar Gaz (Persian: قطارگز‎ also Romanized as Qaţār Gaz) is a village in Keybar Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 431 in 101 families.
 Strummin' with the Devil: The Southern Side of Van Halen is a tribute album released on June 6 2006. It features artists (including original Van Halen frontman David Lee Roth) performing covers of Van Halen songs of the Roth era done in bluegrass style music. Roth appeared on several late night talkshows to promote the album.
 Florencja [flɔˈrɛnt͡sja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Trifurcula macedonica is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by A. and Z. Laštuvka in 1998. It is known from Negotino Macedonia.
 Cyrus Bates House also known as Oliver Bates House and T.O. Whitney House is a historic home located at Henderson in Jefferson County New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Best of April Wine is a compilation album by the Canadian rock band April Wine released in 2003.
 Vetrovo is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 The Berckelman River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the Harding Range and flow in a north-westerly direction before discharging into the Sale River of which it is a tributary.The river was named the Berckelman on 13 June 1865 by Trevarton Charles Sholl while on an exploratory expedition from the short-lived Camden Harbor settlement (in Camden Sound).
 The Dark Design (1977) is a science fiction novel the third in the series of Riverworld books by Philip José Farmer. The title is derived from lines in Sir Richard Francis Burton's poem The Kasîdah of Hâjî Abdû El-Yezdî: And still the Weaver plies his loom whose warp and woof is wretched Man Weaving th' unpattern'd dark design so dark we doubt it owns a plan.
 Chrysodema swierstrae is a species of Jewel Beetle of the Buprestidae family.
 Urophora setosa is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 The Sharp Stigma Looper (Ctenoplusia oxygramma) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in southern Ontario the eastern parts of the United States to Arizona. It has also been reported from Kansas Nebraska Iowa Wisconsin Mexico the Antilles and from California south to Brazil and northern Argentina.The wingspan is about 35 mm.Recorded food plants include Aster Erigeron canadensis Nicotiana tabacum and Solidago.
 Please Don't Tell Me How The Story Ends: The Publishing Demos is the first release of the recording demos done by Kris Kristofferson between 1968 and 1972 while working as a janitor at Columbia Records. Many of these songs would later go on to be rerecorded on later Kristofferson albums or by other artists including Janis Joplin Al Green and Johnny Cash.
 Hitler Sites: A City-by-City Guidebook (Austria Germany France United States) by Steven Lehrer is a history and tour of European and American sites related to Adolf Hitler These sites cannot be found in standard guidebooks. Their descriptions comprise a topographical biography of the German dictator and can clarify who and what he actually was.
 Rudens is a play by Roman author Plautus thought to have been written around 211 BC. Its name translates from Latin as 'The Rope'. It is a comedy which describes how a girl Palaestra stolen from her parents by pirates is reunited with her father Daemones ironically by means of her pimp Labrax. The story is however far more complex; in particular humour is derived from the interactions between slaves and masters and the changes in friendships throughout.
 Joseph Daniel Duffey (born July 1 1932) is an American academic educator and political appointee.
 Sounds from Nowheresville is the second studio album by English duo The Ting Tings released on 24 February 2012 by Columbia Records. It was by preceded the lead single Hang It Up which was released on 27 December 2011. Although their 2010 single Hands was originally reported not to appear on the album the duo confirmed on Twitter that it would appear on the deluxe edition of the album.
 Haravgi (Greek: Χαραυγή) is a Greek language newspaper published in Cyprus since 1956. It is the mouthpiece of the Cyprus communist party AKEL (the Progressive Party of Working People). It is one of the largest newspapers on the island with a daily circulation of around 9000 copies. Other newspapers published in Cyprus are Phileleftheros Simerini and Politis.
 Maida Vale is a compilation album by Van der Graaf Generator containing eight songs from four different recording sessions at Maida Vale Studios for BBC Radio 1 in 1971 1975 and 1976 three of which were Peel Sessions. It was released in June 1994 on Band of Joy Records.The versions of When She Comes and Masks found here were also released as bonus tracks on the 2005 Charisma reissue of World Record.
 The Sturgis Journal is a daily newspaper published in Sturgis Michigan United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media who acquired it from Independent Media Group in 2000.The Journal covers Sturgis and other St. Joseph County communities such as Burr Oak Centreville Colon Constantine Mendon Three Rivers and White Pigeon.The newspaper bills itself as the oldest business in the city of Sturgis.
 Relax Freddie (Danish: Slap af Frede!) is a 1966 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Morten Grunwald. It is a sequel to Slå først Frede!.
 Much Haddam is a Federal style brick house built about 1820 just outside Middleburg Virginia by Richard Cochran. The two-story brick house is located on the Ashby's Gap Turnpike near the west end of Middleburg and is a prominent landmark to those approaching Middleburg from the west.
 Mount Takami (高見山 Takami-san/Takami-yama) is a 1248.3 m (4095 ft) mountain of Daiko Mountains which is located on the border of Higashiyoshino Nara and Matsusaka Mie Japan
 Use of Weapons is a science fiction novel by Scottish writer Iain M. Banks first published in 1990 as the third novel in the Culture series.
 Chandrashekhar Singh was a member of the Indian National Congress and served as the Chief Minister of Bihar from August 1983 to March 1985. He also held a number of Cabinet Minister positions in the Cabinet of Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi.
 Põvvatu is a village in Luunja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 5 families.
 The Franklin Park Conservatory is a botanical garden and conservatory located in Columbus Ohio. It is open daily and an admission fee is charged. Originally built in 1895 the Conservatory is on the National Register of Historic Places. Today it is a horticultural and educational institution showcasing exotic plant collections special exhibitions and Dale Chihuly artworks.The conservatory contains more than 400 plant species.
 Winters Lane Historic District is a national historic district at Catonsville Baltimore County Maryland United States. It is a historically African-American residential community which developed between 1867 and the mid-1940s. Winters Lane is located between Frederick Road and the Baltimore National Pike. It is composed mainly of single-family dwellings augmented by a few commercial social or religious resources.
 Chiconamel is a village (pueblo) in the Mexican state of Veracruz. It is located in the state's Huasteca Alta region. It serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of Chiconamel. In the 2005 INEGI Census the village of Chiconamel reported a total population of 1517.
 David Payne (born January 12 1944 in Middlesbrough England) is a politician and former member of the National Assembly of Quebec Canada from the constituency of Vachon. During his time in the National Assembly he was the only anglophone MNA within the Parti Québécois parliamentary caucus.Payne was raised in Middlesbrough in North Yorkshire.
 John James McConnell Jr. (born May 9 1958) also known as Jack McConnell was formerly a Rhode Island lawyer and currently a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the District of Rhode Island. On May 4 2011 cloture was successfully invoked on his nomination in a 63-33 vote. The United States Senate confirmed him later that day in a 50-44 vote. He received his commission on May 6 2011.
 Wojewódki Górne [vɔjɛˈvutki ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Bielany 5 km (3 mi) south of Sokołów Podlaski and 87 km (54 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Chlorophorus annularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Peroxide is the debut album by Scottish singer-songwriter Nina Nesbitt. The album features new material and old songs from her past EPs. It was released on 17 February 2014. After the release of the album Nesbitt will embark on a 3-show tour including Manchester London and her home town of Edinburgh. The album was produced by Nesbitt with Jake Gosling (Paloma Faith Ed Sheeran One Direction) and Iain Archer (Example Snow Patrol Jake Bugg).
 Syed Saba Taj (born September 7 1946) is a member of the Board of Trustees of Canton Michigan and was the Democratic nominee for Michigan's 11th congressional district for the 113th United States Congress. He stepped down from his post as Chief of Medicine at Oakwood Hospital in Dearborn in March 2012 in order to concentrate on his campaign.On August 7 Taj won the Democratic primary against LaRouche candidate William Roberts.
 Cerro Catedral is a mountain located 19 kilometres (12 mi) from San Carlos de Bariloche and inside the Nahuel Huapí National Park Patagonia Argentina. The mountain holds one of the biggest ski centers in South America with a skiable area of 2 km2 (0.77 sq mi) over 100 km (62 mi) of ski runs and a lift capacity of 22200 skiers per hour. It is also very popular due to the magnificent view of the Nahuel Huapi lake.
 I Am The Messer is the second studio album by American rock band Killola released in 2008. The album was freeleased as a completely free downloadable album. This was made possible through a digital distribution agreement/partnership with New York/San Francisco-based digilabel True Anthem and sponsorhips with DW Drums and Skullcandy. The record was offered via an embeddable web 'widget' allowing the free-download mechanism to spread virally throughout the internet.
 Edward J. Ziemba was a New Democratic Party MPP in the Ontario legislature representing the provincial electoral district of High Park—Swansea.He was first elected in the 1975 provincial election succeeding retired NDP MPP Morton Shulman. He was re-elected in 1977 by fewer than 800 votes.
 Eagle Lake is a lake in Alberta. It is located just southeast of the town of Strathmore.
 The American Independence Museum is a historic house museum located in Exeter New Hampshire. Its 1-acre (0.40 ha) campus includes two buildings: the Ladd-Gilman House a registered National Historic Landmark built in 1721 by Nathaniel Ladd and the Folsom Tavern built in 1775 by Colonel Samuel Folsom. The museum was opened in 1991 after a rare copy of the Declaration of Independence known as a Dunlap Broadside was found in the Ladd-Gilman house 200 years after its arrival in Exeter.
 Piz Maler is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located south of Sedrun in the canton of Graubünden. It lies at the northern end of the range between Lai da Curnera and Lai da Nalps.
 Philadelphia School of Occupational Therapy also known as the Medical Services Building is a historic school building located in the Rittenhouse Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is a three-story five-bay U-shaped brown brick building in the Art Deco style. It was built in 1930 as a two-story building; a third story was added in 1939. The front facade features sculptural iron panels sandstone carvings and two-story brick pilasters with decorative caps.
 Under the Blue Sky is a three-act play written by David Eldridge. It premiered at the Royal Court Theatre in London on 14 September 2000 directed by Rufus Norris.
 Anancus is an extinct genus of gomphothere endemic to Africa Europe and Asia that lived during the Turolian age of the late Miocene until the genus' extinction during the early Pleistocene roughly from 3—1.5 million years ago.
 Country Club Hill Historic District is a national historic district located at Bluefield Mercer County West Virginia. The district includes 51 contributing buildings in a residential area of South Bluefield. The buildings are primarily large single family residences with generous front and rear yards. The properties were mostly developed prior to 1940 and are representative of popular architectural styles including Colonial Revival Classical Revival and Bungalow styles.
 Mehrian (Persian: مهريان‎ also Romanized as Mehrīān Mehreyān and Mehriyan; also known as Mehrūyān) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 757 in 189 families.
 West Woods Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Gumboro Sussex County Delaware. It was built in 1891 and is in the Gothic Revival style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Stewart Maxwell (born December 24 1963 in Glasgow Scotland) was the Minister for Communities and Sport from 2007–2009 and Member of the Scottish Parliament for the West of Scotland being elected as a Scottish National Party (SNP) Additional Members System member at the 2003 election. Maxwell attended King's Park Secondary School before graduating from Glasgow College of Technology with a BA Honours Social Sciences.
 Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد‎ also Romanized as Jalālābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 10 in 5 families.
 A um bum is the eighth studio album by the Serbian rock band Električni Orgazam released on late 1999. This is the only album the band had released under the City Records label.
 A Child of the Jago is an 1896 novel by Arthur Morrison.
 Kureh Kharem (Persian: كوره خرم‎ also Romanized as Kūreh Kharem) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 51 families.
 Brothers in Arms is a science fiction novel by Lois McMaster Bujold and is part of the Vorkosigan Saga. It was the fifth book published in the series and is the twelfth story including novellas in the internal chronology of the series. Brothers in Arms was first published by Baen Books in January 1989 and is included in the 2002 omnibus Miles Errant.
 Robert Spurgeon Bloxom Jr. (born February 12 1963) is an American politician from the Commonwealth of Virginia. He is a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from the 100th district succeeding Lynwood Lewis. Bloxom is a member of the Republican Party.Bloxom's father Robert Bloxom Sr. served in the House of Delegates before becoming Secretary of Agriculture and Forestry.
 Khamas (Persian: خماس‎ also Romanized as Khamās and Khammās) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 326 in 56 families.
 Twin Research and Human Genetics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published bimonthly by the Cambridge University Press. It is the official journal of the International Society for Twin Studies (ISTS). The journal covers research on the biology and epidemiology of twinning as well as biomedical and behavioral twin- and molecular-genetic research. According to the Journal Citation Reports it has a 2011 impact factor of 1.701.
 There are several Stormy Lakes:One is in Haliburton County Ontario. It is the highest lake in the area. Its level does not drop when the Trent Severn Waterway needs water to stay open. This makes it uniquely desirable. See stormylake.ca for detailsAnother is: Stormy Lake also known as Patterson Lake (in the Almaguin Highlands) is located on north east boundary of the Restoule Provincial Park in Patterson Township Ontario Canada.
 The Hạnh Thục ca (幸蜀歌 1885 Song of Voyage to Thục) is the best known work of Nguyễn Thị Bích a Vietnamese court lady. The poem describes her experiences in the 1885 flight of Hàm Nghi. It is written in vernacular chữ Nôm using lục bát verse.
 Temple of the Morning Star is the fourth studio album by the American noisecore band Today Is the Day released on September 23 1997 through Relapse Records.
 Idiots in the Machine is a darkly comic 2001 novel by Edward Savio about a man who is inadvertently dragged into the media spotlight. The central character Noel Satan Dorobek is a reclusive near-genius who gets his nickname because he believes there are people living inside the earth and that this is the Eden we were cast out of. Because he believes wearing tin foil keeps him safe from harmful gamma rays he becomes a media sensation by marketing a successful line of tin-foil hats.
 Sir Montague Edward Smith PC QC (25 December 1806 — 3 May 1891) was a British barrister and judge who served as one of the last Justices of the Court of Common Pleas.
 Swing the Heartache: The BBC Sessions is a Bauhaus compilation released in 1989.
 Balandrau is a 2585 m high mountain located in the eastern region of the Pyrenees. It separates the valleys of Ribes de Freser and Camprodon Catalonia Spain. This mountain lies relatively close to Vall de Núria (Ripollès).
 Harpur is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Blastobasis transcripta is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in India.The larvae have been recorded feeding within the twigs of Pinus longifolia.
 From Beirut to Jerusalem (1989) is a book by American journalist Thomas L. Friedman chronicling his days as a reporter in Beirut during the Lebanese Civil War and in Jerusalem through the first year of the Intifada. It received the 1989 National Book Award for Nonfictionand also the Cornelius Ryan Award.Friedman wrote a 17-page epilogue for the first paperback edition (Anchor Books 1990) concerning the potential for peaceful resolution in Israel and Palestine.
 Babylon and On is a 1987 album by the British New Wave group Squeeze. It is the band's seventh album and opens with their biggest U.S. hit Hourglass. Eric ET Thorngren produced the LP. Former Soft Boy Andy Metcalfe made his only appearance as an official member of Squeeze on this album. He would end up writing again with Tilbrook during Tilbrook's solo years.Hourglass became an unexpected U.S.
 The Day I Swapped My Dad for Two Goldfish is a book by Neil Gaiman and Dave McKean first published in 1997 by White Wolf Publishing. It was republished in 2004 by Harper Children's with a new cover and afterword.
 Autopsy Room Four is a short story by Stephen King. It was first published in King's limited-edition collection Six Stories in 1997 and appeared in the anthology Robert Bloch's Psychos later the same year. In 2002 it was collected in King's collection Everything's Eventual. It was adapted into a short film in 2003. It was also part of TNT's Nightmares and Dreamscapes: From the Stories of Stephen King series in the summer of 2006.
 Bilafond La (meaning Pass of the Butterflies in Balti language also known as the Saltoro Pass is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge sitting immediately west of the vast Siachen Glacier some 40 km (25 mi) directly north of map point NJ 980420 which defined the end of the 1972 Line of Control between Pakistan and India as part of the Simla Agreement.Bilafond La (Pass of the Butterflies) is on the ancient Silk Route linking undivided India and China.Bilafond La was a prominent feature during the 1984 start of military action in the Siachen Conflict between India and Pakistan. 
 Domenico Corcione (born 20 April 1929) is a former Italian military staff and defense minister of Italy.
 John Henry is a 1931 novel by Roark Bradford and illustrated by woodcut artist J. J. Lankes based on the African-American folk hero of the same name. It was made into a Broadway play and later a musical featuring Paul Robeson in the title role and Ruby Elzy as Julie Anne.
 Sunny Corner is a small village in the central west of New South Wales Australia and former mining area located between Lithgow and Bathurst just north of the Great Western Highway (Route 32).
 Marvel Zombies: Dead Days is a comic book one-shot first published in May 2007 by Marvel Comics. It was written by Robert Kirkman and drawn by Sean Phillips with cover art by Arthur Suydam. It is part of the Marvel Zombies series. The issue is a prequel to Marvel's first Marvel Zombies limited series which had the same creative team.
 Mesapia is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae. It contains only one species Mesapia peloria the Tibet Blackvein which is found in India and China. It is a midsized to large species.
 Madras Cooperative Farm (Persian: مزرعه تعاوني مدرس‎ – Mazra‘eh-ye Tʿāvanī Madras) is a village and cooperative farm in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Morel (1805 – after 1830) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic Oaks Stakes at Epsom Downs Racecourse in 1808. In a racing career which lasted from April 1808 until July 1812 the mare ran twenty-seven times and won fourteen races. She was mainly campaigned at Newmarket Racecourse running against some of the best horses of the era in match races and frequently carrying large weights in handicaps.
 Bethabara Moravian Church is a congregation of the Jamaica Province of the Moravian Church. It opened for worship on 1841-07-28.
 Abot Kamay (Filipino Within Reach) is the fifth studio album by The Dawn released in 1992.
 Joseph D. Kenney (born July 12 1960) is an American politician and member of the Republican Party who represents District 1 of the Executive Council of New Hampshire. He previously served as a member of the New Hampshire Senate representing the 3rd District from 2003 to 2009 and as a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives from 1995 until 2003.Kenney ran for Governor of New Hampshire in 2008.
 The Star Packer is a 1934 Western film directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne George Gabby Hayes Yakima Canutt and Verna Hillie.
 Streetniks is an album by The Shuffle Demons recorded over two days. Streetniks sold 15000 units in Canada becoming the bestselling independent release in Canadian music history until Barenaked Ladies broke the record in 1991 with The Yellow Tape. Spadina Bus an ode to the Toronto Transit Commission's Spadina Avenue bus line was a surprise Top 40 hit for the band. The video for the track Out of My House Roach also received regular airplay on MuchMusic during the late 1980s.
 A Word to the Wives is a 1955 sponsored comedy film directed by Norman Lloyd and starring Marsha Hunt and Darren McGavin. The film now in the public domain was sponsored by the American Gas Association the National Association of Home Builders and Woman's Home Companion magazine and features products by Caloric Whirlpool Corporation Formica Corporation Republic Steel Kitchens and Ruud.
 The Happy Club is the third solo studio album by Bob Geldof.
 Under Grand Hotel (アンダーグラウンドホテル 上) is a yaoi manga by Mika Sadahiro about two prisoners Sen and Swordfish who try to survive the notorious prison Under Grand Hotel. It is published by 801 Media in English although at one point Tokyopop offered a license.
 Pyari Behna is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Bapu starring Mithun Chakraborty Padmini Kolhapure Vinod Mehra Tanvi Azmi and Shakti Kapoor. The film is a remake of the 1978 Tamil film Mullum Malarum starring Rajinikanth. The film also had Ajay Devgan playing the young Mithun Chakraborty.
 ShriShetra Nagzari is a village in Shegaon tehsil of Buldhana district Maharashtra State India.There is a small Central Railway Station located between Shegaon and Akola on the Bhusawal – Badnera section of Bhusawal division of Central Railway.
 Huntersville Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on CR 21 at WV 39 in Huntersville Pocahontas County West Virginia. It was built in 1854 and is a two-story rectangular frame building two bays wide and three bays deep. It features a three-story bell tower centered on the front facade and added in 1896. The second floor was added at the same time by Huntersville Masonic Lodge Number 65 for use as a lodge hall.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Frances Curran (born 21 May 1961) is a leading activist in the Scottish Socialist Party. She was a member of the Scottish Parliament for West of Scotland during 2003-07. She was an unsuccessful candidate in the July 2008 Glasgow East by-election. During the campaign she was informed that the police had received death threats against her.She was formerly a member of the Labour Party and organiser for the entryist left wing Militant tendency group within the Party.
 Khakhri is a village mainly run by Baghela Rajputs. It’s a part of Udaipur district in the state of Rajasthan.
 Tall-e Mohammad Reza (Persian: تل محمدرضا‎ also Romanized as Tall-e Moḩammad Reẕā) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Periodon is a genus of conodonts which existed in what is now Canada Iran Argentina China Russia and the United States during the Ordovician Period. It was described by Hadding in 1913 and the type species is P. aculeatus.
 Nathaniel Raphael Jones (born May 12 1926) has served as a lawyer jurist academic and public servant. He was a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit before his retirement in March 2002. As general counsel of the NAACP he gained recognition for his legal efforts to end school segregation in the northern United States.
 The Capital Club Building at 16 W. Martin St. in Raleigh North Carolina was built in 1929. It was designed by architect Frank B. Simpson in Art Deco architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Collections is a greatest hits album by Canadian country music artist Charlie Major. It was released by Sony BMG Canada on November 28 2006.
 Cidaris mabahissae is a species of sea urchins of the Family Cidaridae. Their armour is covered with spines. Cidaris mabahissae was first scientifically described in 1939 by Ole Theodor Jensen Mortensen.
 Emil Purgly de Jószáshely (19 February 1880 – 13 May 1964) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Agriculture in 1932.He was a cousin of Magdolna Purgly wife of Regent Miklós Horthy.
 Puzeh Badi (Persian: پوزه بادي‎ also Romanized as Pūzeh Bādī; also known as Pūzeh Ābādī) is a village in Balyan Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 344 in 76 families.
 Public Opinion (Chambersburg) isa morning newspaper published seven days a week in the Greater Chambersburg area including Franklin Cumberland and Fulton counties PA.The newspaper also publishes a weekly total market coverage product The Advertiser and a monthly Faith magazine.
 The Days of Wine and Roses was the second album and the debut full-length album by American alternative rock band The Dream Syndicate. Produced by Chris D. (of The Flesh Eaters/The Divine Horsemen) it was recorded in Los Angeles in September 1982 and released later that year on Chris D.'s Ruby Records which was a division of Slash Records.
 Stone Age is a compilation by The Rolling Stones released on the Decca label in 1971. It reached #4 on the UK charts.[citation needed]The Stones were strongly against this release. In full page ads in Record Mirror and NME on 20 March 1971 they stated We didn't know this record was going to be released.
 Once Over Lightly is a 1957 album by Jo Stafford. On this album she is accompanied by Art Van Damme and his orchestra. Once Over Lightly was released on the Columbia label.
 Heather R. Zichal (born February 8 1976) is the former Deputy Assistant to the President for Energy and Climate Change serving in the Barack Obama administration starting in 2009. Following the early 2011 departure of Carol Browner from the administration Zichal gained the general responsibility of coordinating the administration's energy and climate policy. Zichal previously served as a legislative director and campaign advisor to several Democratic Party congressional members.
 Lincoln School was an historic building located in Rock Island Illinois United States. It was designated a Rock Island Landmark in 1984 individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 and became part of the Broadway Historic District when it was listed on the national register in 1998. It was torn down in 2012.
 V. Kalathur (Tamil : வ.களத்தூர்) is a village in Veppanthattai taluk of Perambalur district Tamil Nadu India. It lies at a distance of 28 km to the north of the district headquarters Perambalur. Nearest Airport is Tiruchirappalli Airport situated at a distance of 85 km from the village. Islam and Hinduism are the major religions in the village.
 Cheng Huan QC SC (Chinese: 清洪; born 1947 Teluk Intan Malaysia) is a prominent barrister in Hong Kong.
 The Neuhöfer Karpfenteiche are ponds in the west of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 34.8–35.4 m its surface area is 3.6 km².
 Kievan Past (Russian: Киевская старина Kievskaia starina — Ukrainian: Київська минувшина) was a historically ethographic and literal chronicle. It was published in Kiev in Russian language and Ukrainian language during 1882-1907. In the last year of its existence when censorship on Ukrainian language was dropped the periodical was renamed into Ukraine and was published in Ukrainian.
 Johnny W. Bell (born June 15 1965) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 23 since January 2007.
 Fauth is a small double-crater located at the edge of the rough southern ramparts of the prominent ray crater Copernicus on the Moon. It lies in the Mare Insularum to the northeast of the crater Reinhold.This formation is composed of the merged craters Fauth and the slightly smaller Fauth A. The latter craterlet cuts into the southern rim of Fauth and has a radius of 9.6 kilometers. Fauth is most likely a secondary crater that was created by the formation of Copernicus.
 The Pietrosul River is a tributary of the Sulța River in Romania.
 Hooray For Dark Matter was the debut album from Troy Van Leeuwen's (also of Queens of the Stone Age) side-project group Enemy.
 Kathputli is a 1971 Bollywood romance film directed by Brij. The film stars Jeetendra and Mumtaz.
 The Porcu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Kołuda Mała [kɔˈwuda ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janikowo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Janikowo 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Inowrocław 46 km (29 mi) south of Bydgoszcz and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of Toruń.
 Steven C. Englebright (born August 24 1946) represents District 4 in the New York State Assembly which comprises several areas of Suffolk County Long Island and the North Shore including Port Jefferson Station parts of Coram Centereach Selden and Lake Grove. He is a Democrat. He was first elected to the New York State Assembly in 1992.
 B'nai Jeshurun is a synagogue in the Upper West Side of Manhattan New York City.
 Phoxacromion kaneharai is a species of goby native to the Pacific waters around the Ryukyus where it occurs in sheltered bays at depths of from 2 to 3 metres (6.6 to 9.8 ft). This fish seeks shelter under pieces of rubble on pebble or sandy substrates. Males of this species grow to a length of 2.2 centimetres (0.87 in) SL while females only reach a length of 2 centimetres (0.79 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 San Lorenzo Creek is a 10.7-mile-long (17.2 km) year-round natural stream flowing through Hayward California into San Francisco Bay at the Hayward Regional Shoreline.
 Thomas Brodhead House also known as The Brick House is a historic home located at Clermont in Columbia County New York. The house was built about 1795 and is a two story three bay Federal style brick residence with a hipped roof. Also on the property is a brick smoke house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Od bižuterije do ćilibara (trans. From Bijouterie to Amber) is the sixth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Bajaga i Instruktori released in 1997.
 Dog Wizard is a fantasy novel by Barbara Hambly and published by Del Rey Books in February 1993. The book was a 1994 Locus Award nominee and the third book of the Windrose Chronicles.
 Langat River is a river in Selangor state Malaysia. The Langat River is 78 km long with a chatchment of 2350 km² and originates from the Titiwangsa Range at Gunung Nuang. It drains westward to the Straits of Malacca. The major tributaries of Langat River are the Sungai Semenyih and Sungai Labu.
 Grace and Gratitude is the twenty-second studio album by Australian singer Olivia Newton-John. The album was released 25 August 2006 through the EMI (exclusively by Walgreens to benefit various charities of cancer) and re-released on 14 September 2010 through Green Hill Records as Grace and Gratitude Renewed. A pink edition of the original album also was released in certain territories with a two-track remix bonus CD.
 Quest for Lost Heroes published in 1990 is a novel by British fantasy writer David Gemmell. It is the fourth entry in the Drenai series. The story is set several decades after and makes several references to the events in Gemmell's earlier title The King Beyond the Gate. It also provides a conclusion to the story of Tenaka Khan one of the main protagonists of The King Beyond the Gate.
 Sins of the Fathers is a 1928 part-talkie sound film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures. It was also issued in a silent version for theatres which were not yet wired for sound. The film was directed by Ludwig Berger and stars Emil Jannings and Ruth Chatterton in her motion picture debut.Only one source claims this film survives yet no one has seen it this being for such an important Paramount film.
 Broadcasting & Cable magazine is a television industry trade magazine published by NewBay Media. Previous names included Broadcasting-Telecasting Broadcasting and Broadcast Advertising and Broadcasting. Broadcasting was published biweekly until January 1941 and weekly thereafter. Broadcasting & Cable's website is well known for its weekly and seasonal updates on various television show ratings by Nielsen as well as other inside information as to the statuses of television programing.
 Transparence is the first studio album by French Gothic metal band Markize. Released in France on March 2007. This album contains songs in English French and Russian.
 Albert Estopinal Jr. (December 1 1869–January 13 1952) was an attorney and politician from St. Bernard Parish in south Louisiana whose career extended from the 19th to the 20th centuries.
 Flabellina athadona is a species of sea slug an aolid nudibranch a marinegastropod mollusk in the family Flabellinidae.
 Peak Mountain also called Copper Mountain est. 730 feet (220 m) is a traprock mountain located in East Granby Connecticut 6 miles (10 km) south of the Massachusetts border and 6 miles west of the Connecticut River. It is part of the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border.
 The Confederate Monument in Glasgow Kentucky built in 1905 by the Kentucky Women's Monumental Association and former Confederate soldier John A. Murray commemorates those who gave their lives in service for the Confederate States of America. It is located on the side of Glasgow's courthouse. The Confederate soldier made of bronze is at parade rest and features details such as a bedroll canteen kepi hat and rifle. It stands on a limestone pedestal.Glasgow saw much action in 1862.
 Westfield Fire Headquarters is located in Westfield Union County New Jersey United States. The firehouse was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 8 1980.
 Ebenezer Chapel (also known as Marmet Christian Church) is a historic chapel on Ohio Avenue south at Hillview Drive in Marmet West Virginia.
 Baszki [ˈbaʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Niemce and 9 km (6 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Tłucznice [twut͡ʂˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Maków Mazowiecki and 69 km (43 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Hiuchi is a stratovolcano in Nikko National Park Japan 140 km from Tokyo. The volcano rises above Lake Ozenuma.
 Sarchah (Persian: سرچاه‎ also Romanized as Sarchāh) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District Senderk District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hunugalagala Limestone Cave is a Limestone cave which is located in Haldummulla Badulla District of Sri Lanka. It is believed that rock formation has been formed through million years ago. The cave and surrounding area has been used between 5000 to 4000 years.
 The Petrișu River or Pietrișu River is a tributary of the Budușelu River in Romania.
 Oenoptera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family found in Sri Lanka (Hampson) and French Guiana (Schaus).
 Dutluk is a village in the District of Taşova Amasya Province Turkey.
 621 17th Street formerly known as the First Interstate Tower South is a high-rise building in Denver Colorado United States. The building was completed in 1957 and rises 28 floors and 385 feet (117 m) in height. The building stands as the 20th-tallest building in Denver and Colorado. It also stood as the tallest building in the city at the time of its 1957 completion and held that distinction for eleven years until it was surpassed by the 420-foot (128 m) Brooks Towers in 1968.
 Centropyge venustus or the Purple Masked Angelfish is a Marine angelfish from the Western Pacific that sometimes makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12 cm in length.
 Evolving the Alien: The Science of Extraterrestrial Life (2002 published in the US and UK second edition as What Does a Martian Look Like?: The Science of Extraterrestrial Life) is a book about xenobiology by biologist Jack Cohen and mathematician Ian Stewart.In this book Cohen and Stewart argue that any investigation of extraterrestrial life is too restrictive and unimaginative if it starts with the assumption that any advanced form of life must have similar characteristics to life on Earth and must have evolved on a planet similar to the Earth (as in the rare Earth hypothesis). 
 Wonderful is the fourth studio album by the Circle Jerks released in 1985.
 The San San River is a river of Panama.
 Sir Charles Haynes Wilson Kt (16 May 1909 - 1 November 2002) was a Scottish political scientist and university administrator. As Principal of University College Leicester he led the institution to university status in 1957 and served as the first Vice-Chancellor of the new University of Leicester before becoming Principal of the University of Glasgow in 1961. He retired in 1976 and died in 2002. Buildings at both universities have been named in his honour.
 Diwan Bahadur Rai Raghunatha Rao CSI (c. February 1831 – May 3 1912) was an Indian civil servant administrator politician and Indian independence activist who served as the Diwan of Indore from 1875 to 1880 and 1886 to 1888. He was related to Indian statesman Sir T. Madhava Rao.
 Abdulkadir Mohamed Saleh Kebire was born in 1902 at Desiet Island around Massawa. He attended Quranic school followed by the Ferdinando Martini School for his elementary education. At the age of 18 Kebire left for Egypt for pursuit of education and it is where he witnessed the revolution of Saad Zeqlul against the British an incident that left its mark on him and shaped his rebellious character.
 Rashidi Mfaume Kawawa (May 27 1926 – December 31 2009) was the Prime Minister of Tanganyika in 1962 and of Tanzania in 1972 to 1977. He was the effective ruler of the country from January to December 1972 while Julius Nyerere toured the countryside. Kawawa was a strong advocate of economic statism. He later served as Defense Minister from 1977 to 1980.After his retirement Kawawa remained a behind-the-scenes influence in Tanzanian politics.
 Ye Xiaowen (Chinese: 叶小文; pinyin: Yè Xiǎowén; born August 1950) is a Chinese politician who held various top posts relating to state regulation of religion from 1995 to 2009.Born in 1950 in Ningxiang County in Hunan Ye became one of the first students of sociology at the Guizhou Academy of Social Sciences after a ban before China's reform and opening up.
 Rough-footed mud turtle (Kinosternon hirtipes) is a species of mud turtle in the Kinosternidae family. It is found in United States (Texas) and Mexico: Aguascalientes Chihuahua Coahuila Mexico DF Durango Guanajuato Jalisco Mexico State Michoacán Morelos and Zacatecas.
 Edward T. Buckingham III is a former Attorney General of the CNMI (Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands).
 The Argestru River is a tributary of the Bistriţa in Romania.
 Pulkal (Telugu: పుల్కల్) is a Mandal in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh India.The villages in Pulkal mandal includes: Baswapur Bommareddygudem 	Chakriyal Choutkur Gangojipet Gongloore Hunnapur IsojipetKodur Korpole Lakshmi Sagar Manthoor Minpur Muddaipet Mudimanik Peddareddipet Pocharam Pulkal Raipahad Singoor Sivampet Sulthanpur Sureddi Itkyal Upparigudem Vendikole Venkata Kistapur etc.
 Sir George Grey KCB (14 April 1812 – 19 September 1898) was a soldier explorer Governor of South Australia twice Governor of New Zealand Governor of Cape Colony (South Africa) the 11th Premier of New Zealand and a writer.
 Jay Wilson Weatherill (born 3 April 1964) is an Australian politician and the current Premier of South Australia. Weatherill has represented the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Cheltenham as a member of the Australian Labor Party since the 2002 election.
 The Buha River is a tributary of the Sterminos River in Romania.
 Girls Forever (ガールズ フォーエバー Gāruzu Fōebā) is the third Japanese studio album (sixth overall) of the South Korean girl group Kara. It was released on November 14 2012 in four different editions.
 Chamber of Horrors is a 1966 horror film directed by Hy Averback and starring Patrick O'Neal Cesare Danova Wilfrid Hyde-White Wayne Rogers and Laura Devon.The film was released to theatres but was originally shot as a television movie and a pilot film for a proposed series called House of Wax. Danova and Hyde-White are proprietors of a wax museum in Baltimore who along with Tun Tun aka José René Ruiz are also amateur sleuths.
 La Confusion des Genres (Confusion of Genders) is a 2000 film starring Pascal Greggory. It was directed by Ilan Duran Cohen.Two actors of this film were nominated at the César Awards 2001: Pascal Greggory for Best Actor – Leading Role and Cyrille Thouvenin for Most Promising Actor.
 Tahsis is a village municipality on the west coast of Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada about 300 km or 185 miles (by air) northwest of the provincial capital Victoria at 49°55′33″N 126°37′16″W. As of the 2011 Canadian Census there are 316 residents a decline from the 2006 Census count of 366 residents.
 Nowodwory [nɔvɔdˈvɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Ciechanowiec 27 km (17 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 69 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 160.
 Amba Alagi is a mountain or an amba in northern Ethiopia. Located in the Debubawi Zone of the Tigray Region Amba Alagi dominates the roadway that runs past it from the city of Mek'ele south to Maychew. Because of its strategic location Amba Alagi has been the location of several battles. The Battle of Amba Alagi was the first in a series of battles between General Baratieri and Emperor Menelik during the First Italo-Ethiopian War.
 Udea maderensis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on Madeira.
 Dimosies Scheseis (Greek: Δημόσιες Σχέσεις; English: Public relations) is the sixth studio album by Greek singer-songwriter and record producer Nikos Karvelas released by CBS Records Greece in 1988. In 1996 a remastered version of the album was released.
 Fred C. Norton (August 19 1928 – October 28 2000) was a Minnesota politician a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party a Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives and a judge of the Minnesota Court of Appeals.Norton was born in 1928 in Minneapolis Minnesota. He attended the University of Minnesota before graduating in 1950 from Wesleyan University.
 Amerila phaedra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Weymer in 1892. It is found in Kenya Mozambique Tanzania and Zimbabwe.
 Monkali is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It lies on the banks of the Chindwin River south of Homalin town.
 The Schrattenfluh (also spelled Schrattenflue) is a mountain of the Swiss Alps located in the upper Emmental in the canton of Lucerne. The Schrattenfluh is composed of several summits of which the highest (2092 m) is named Hengst.
 The Journal of Business Cycle Measurement and Analysis is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of economics with a focus on the measurement of business cycles. It is currently published jointly by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and the Centre for International Research on Economic Tendency Surveys. It was established in 2004 and the current editor-in-chief is Michael Graff.
 Hoseyn Beygi (Persian: حسين بگي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Beygī; also known as Ḩoseyn Yagī) is a village in Buzi Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 16 families.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Roy W. Johnson (June 19 1882 – December 2 1947) was a Nebraska politician who served as the 23rd Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska from 1943-47. Johnson also served in the Nebraska Legislature from 1937-39 (34th district).Johnson was born in Weeping Water Nebraska in 1882. He graduated from high school in Sumner Nebraska and Lincoln Business College. He served on the school board in Sumner and in Buffalo County Nebraska. He defeated John R.
 Belodontichthys is a genus of sheatfishes native to Asia.
 Tales from the Secret Annex is a collection of miscellaneous prose fiction and non-fiction written by Anne Frank while she was in hiding during the Nazi occupation of The Netherlands. It was first published in The Netherlands in 1949 then in an expanded edition in 1960.
 Alfred Arthur Thibaudeau (December 1 1860 – August 15 1926) was a Canadian politician.Born in Quebec City the son of Isidore Thibaudeau a Quebec businessman and political figure in Upper Canada Thibaudeau was educated at the Quebec High School. He was the head of the firm of Thibaudeau Brothers. He was the president of the Wholesale Dry-Goods Association and was a member of Council of the Montreal Board of Trade.
 Quarterly West is a prominent American literary magazine based at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City. Stories that have appeared in Quarterly West have been shortlisted for the Pushcart Prize The Best American Short Stories and the O. Henry Prize. The journal was founded by James Thomas in 1976. In 2011 Quarterly West became an exclusively online literary journal and accepts only online submissions. See link below for both current issue and submission guidelines.
 Temple of Rock is a solo album by the German hard rock guitarist Michael Schenker.Curiously Schenker's tour for the record featured a setlist with very few tracks from the album the setlists being primarily composed of old UFO material as well as some older solo band material and Scorpions songs.
 Bidrubeh Pumping Stations (Persian: تلمبه خانه بیدروبه‎ – Tolombeh Khāneh Bīdrūbeh) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 18 families.
 Firethorn is a 2004 fantasy novel by American writer Sarah Micklem.
 The Stripe-faced Wood Quail (Odontophorus balliviani) is a species of New World Quail found in the Yungas of southern Peru and Bolivia. It is about 27 cm in length and weighs approximately 0.325 kg.The binomial of this bird commemorates José Ballivián.
 Joseph K. Joe Leibham (born June 6 1969) is a Republican member of the Wisconsin Senate representing the 9th District since 2002. He previously served in the Wisconsin Assembly representing the 26th district from 1998–2002.
 Pill Hill is a three-act play by American dramatist Sam Kelley. Set in a neighborhood on the South Side of Chicago known informally as Pill Hill the play examines the failures successes and relationships of six African American steel mill workers as they transition from blue-collar jobs to white-collar professions between 1973 and 1983.
 Wólka Dąbrowska [ˈvulka dɔmˈbrɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Lipsko and 119 km (74 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Trechicomimus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Trechicomimus aphaenops Mateu & Negre 1972 Trechicomimus suturalis Ueno 1977↑
 William 'Bill' R. Rehm is an American politician and a Republican member of the New Mexico House of Representatives representing District 31 since January 2007.
 Duffy's Peak is a small hill or butte near the Salt Fork Brazos River in Garza County Texas. Duffy's Peak extends less than 50 ft (15 m) above the Salt Fork yet despite its small size it served as an important landmark for early surveyors of the region and is said to be named for a member of the original survey team who died and was buried nearby in the late 1870s.Duffy's Peak is located in the rolling plains to the south and east of the caprock escarpment of the Llano Estacado.
 Kamionki [kaˈmjɔnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kórnik within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Kórnik and 14 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1373.
 Palelialia is an extinct genus of prehistoric nautiloid. The nautiloids are a subclass of shelled cephalopods that were once diverse and numerous but are now represented by only a handful of species.
 The Bell Buoy is a poem by Rudyard Kipling. It was first published with illustrations in Saturday Review Christmas Supplement 1896 and then published in McClure's Magazine in February 1897 as The Bell-Buoy with illustrations by Oliver Herford.Some changes to the wording occurred sometime between the edition in McClure's and when it was collected in Rudyard Kipling's verse: inclusive edition 1885-1918 (1919) as The Bell Buoy.
 Dresden Castle or Royal Palace (German: Dresdner Residenzschloss or Dresdner Schloss) is one of the oldest buildings in Dresden. For almost 400 years it has been the residence of the electors (1547–1806) and kings (1806–1918) of Saxony of the Albertine line of the House of Wettin.
 The Valea Bisericii River is a tributary of the Cristur River in Romania.
 Rush in Rio is a three-disc live album by Canadian band Rush released in 2003 (see 2003 in music). The album is also available as a two DVD set. With the exception of the last two tracks on the third disc the album was recorded at Maracanã Stadium in Rio de Janeiro on the final night of the Vapor Trails Tour. The other two tracks were taken from previous shows on the same tour.
 Manic Panic is an album released in 1996 by Swedish singer Leila K.
 The Winona Hotel in Winona Minnesota United States is a building from 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Mrs. Osburn House is a historic home located at Durham in Greene County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a five by three bay timber frame dwelling. It features clapboard siding and a low pitched hipped roof. Also on the property is a heavy timber frame barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Młodzawy Małe [mwɔˈd͡zavɨ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Pińczów and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Krasna [ˈkrasna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Huszlew within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Huszlew 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Łosice and 129 km (80 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Rear Admiral Peter Ross Sinclair AC (born. 16 November 1934) is a former Rear Admiral in the Royal Australian Navy and was Governor of New South Wales from 8 August 1990 to 1 March 1996.
 Favia is a genus of reef building stony corals in the family Faviidae. Members of the genus are massive or thickly encrusting colonial corals either dome-shaped or flat and a few are foliaceous. There is a great diversity of form even among individuals of the same species. The corallites project slightly above the surface of the coral and each has its own wall. In most species the corallites are plocoid and in some monocentric.
 Psienie-Ostrów [ˈpɕeɲe ˈɔstruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Pleszew and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 110.
 Harrison House is a historic building in Centerville Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 Exit is a magazine that was co-founded in 2000 by editor/photographer Stephen Toner and art director Mark Jubber. The premier issue of Exit featuring more than 100 pages of art fashion and landscape photography went on to receive industry acclaim.We publish work that not only represents the true face of photography but also demonstrates how photographers want to be perceived in an industry that rarely affords them the opportunity. (Stephen Toner
 Grubno [ˈɡrubnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno within Chełmno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Stolno 5 km (3 mi) south-east of Chełmno 36 km (22 mi) north of Toruń and 41 km (25 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 594.
 Church of the Ascension is located in Windsor Ontario Canada. It is part of the Diocese of Huron and is a member of the Anglican Church of Canada. The Chapel of Ascension as it was formerly called was founded on May 11 1893 and the current church is still holding their services at the original location on London Street now called University Avenue. Early in its existence the parish was served by the rectors and curates of their sister church All Saints Anglican Church Windsor.
 Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary the Queen of Peace is a historic church on FM 340 in Sweet Home Lavaca County Texas.It was built in 1918 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Sir Edward Richard George Heath KG MBE (9 July 1916 – 17 July 2005) was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from June 1970 to February 1974 and Leader of the Conservative Party from 1965 to 1975.Born in Kent Heath studied at Oxford University and served in the Second World War. He was first elected to Parliament in 1950 for Bexley and was the Chief Whip from 1955 to 1959.
 Raj Bahadur was a leader of Indian National Congress and a minister in the Indian government.
 The Yellow Palace (Danish: Det Gule Palæ) or Bergum's Mansion is a mansion in Amaliegade next to Amalienborg Palace in the Frederiksstaden district of Copenhagen Denmark. It is considered the first example of Neoclassical architecture in Copenhagen.The mansion was built as a burgher's house but was acquired by the Danish Royal Family.
 The Mind of God is a 1992 non-fiction book by Paul Davies. Subtitled The Scientific Basis for a Rational World it is a whirlwind tour and explanation of theories both physical and metaphysical regarding ultimate causes.
 Chesapeake is the third full-length album by Rachael Yamagata. It was released on 11 October 2011 via Frankenfish Records and Megaforce Records in North America.
 Kazzia was a German-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who was trained in Germany the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom. In a racing career which lasted from September 2001 until October 2002 she ran seven times and won five races in four different countries. She is best known for being the only filly since 1990 to successfully complete the Classic double of the 1000 Guineas and the Oaks. She was the first German-bred horse to win a British Classic.
 Baba Arab (Persian: باباعرب‎ also Romanized as Bābā ‘Arab; also known as ‘Alavīyeh Bāb-e ‘Arab and Bāb-i-Arab) is a village in Alaviyeh Rural District Kordian District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2238 in 537 families.
 The Time of the Sun is an album by jazz trumpeter composer and arranger Tom Harrell that was released in May 2011 by Highnote Records. It is the fourth album by Harrell's current quintet of over six years which includes Wayne Escoffery Danny Grissett Ugonna Okegwo and Johnathan Blake. The other albums by this group are Roman Nights Prana Dance and Light On.
 Góra Motyczna [ˈɡura mɔˈtɨt͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyraków within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Żyraków 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Dębica and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1000.
 Hymned No. 1 (sometimes simply called Hymned) is the first solo album from MercyMe singer Bart Millard. The album features modern takes on popular Christian hymns. The album was released on August 16 2005.Millard has said that the album is inspired by hymns his grandmother Ruby Lindsey used to sing when he was a boy.
 Thornewood is an estate in Lakewood Washington. The estate consists of three buildings including Thornewood Castle which was built from the brick of a dismantled 15th-century house imported from England. The Castle was used as a set for the Stephen King film Rose Red.The buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and is now a bed and breakfast.
 The pale-edged stingray or sharpnose stingray (Dasyatis zugei) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans from India to the western Malay Archipelago and southern Japan. This bottom-dwelling ray is most commonly found over sandy areas shallower than 100 m (330 ft) as well as in estuaries.
 Brzegi Górne [ˈbʐɛɡʲi ˈɡurnɛ] (Ukrainian: Береги Горішні Berehy Horishni) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Lutowiska 33 km (21 mi) south of Ustrzyki Dolne and 107 km (66 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 LP III is the third album by the Minneapolis punk rock band The Soviettes. It was released on CD and LP on June 25 2005 to mixed critical reviews.
 Fulvoclysia nerminae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Russia Asia Minor and most of Europe.The wingspan is 21-27 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to July in one generation per year.The larvae feed within the stem and roots of Scabiosa species. The species overwinters in the larval stage.
 In Rolling Waves is the second studio album from New Zealand post-punk revival band The Naked and Famous. It was released on 13 September 2013 in New Zealand Ireland and Australia 16 September 2013 in the United Kingdom and 17 September 2013 in Canada and the United States. On 23 July 2013 the first single from the album Hearts Like Ours premiered on BBC Radio 1. The video was released on YouTube on 29 July 2013.
 Salzbach (Seemenbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Echo Burning is the fifth novel in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published in 2001 by Putnam in America and Bantam in the United Kingdom.
 Lakshmi Misthan Bhandar Hotel popularly known as just LMB is a well-known hotel restaurant and sweet shop in Jaipur city in Rajasthan state in India. Established in 1954 it is located in downtown Jaipur in Jauhari Bazar. The hotel is said to be the first three star hotel of the state.
 Eusternbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Cameron is a small lunar impact crater that lies across the northwest rim of the crater Taruntius. This formation is circular and cup-shaped with no particular distinguishing features. It was previously designated Taruntius C before being named by the IAU.
 The Samuel and Geneva Holt Farmstead located at 10317 South 1300 West in South Jordan Utah United States was built during 1907-09 and received later additions. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.The farmstead including outbuildings built in 1907 and since was deemed significant in 2001 as one of only a handful of surviving historic farmsteads in South Jordan and notably had been worked by the farm's residents and remained in the same family.
 Wenham Lake (224 acres) is a lake located in Wenham and Beverly in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. In the 19th century the lake was famous for its ice harvested and transported by ship throughout the world. It was reputed to be Queen Victoria's favorite.
 Aktoprak is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Joseph Boyd Poindexter (April 14 1869 – December 3 1951) was the eighth Territorial Governor of Hawaii and served from 1934 to 1942.
 Clathrina helveola is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Australia.
 John Holmes (1 March 1789 – 3 June 1876) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Ross-shire Scotland in 1789 and came to Pictou County Nova Scotia with his family in 1803. Prior to Canadian Confederation in 1867 he represented Pictou County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1836 to 1847 and from 1851 to 1855. Holmes then served in the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia from 1858 to 1867.
 Leung Che-cheung BBS MH JP (Chinese: 梁志祥) (born 1957 in Hong Kong) is a member of Hong Kong Legislative Council (Geographical constituency New Territories West) and the Chairman of the Yuen Long District Council for Tin Yiu in Tin Shui Wai. He is a member of Democratic Alliance for the Betterment of Hong Kong a pro-Beijing party in Hong Kong and the Chairman of the New Territories Association of Societies.
 Thomas Ferrier Hamilton (31 March 1820 – 7 August 1905) was an Australian politician pastoralist and sportsman. A grandson of the 2nd Viscount Gort he was born in Linlithgowshire Scotland but emigrated to Australia in 1839. With his cousin John Riddell Hamilton owned a pastoral lease near Gisborne Victoria. A local magistrate and justice of the peace he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Council in 1872 sitting as a member for the Southern Province until 1884.
 Workers in the Dawn is a novel by George Gissing which was originally published in three volumes in 1880. It was the first of Gissing's published novels although he had been working on another prior to this. The work focuses on the unhappy marriage of Arthur Golding a rising artist from a poor background and Carrie Mitchell a prostitute. This plot was partly based on Gissing's negative experiences of marriage to his first wife.
 The sailfin corydoras (Corydoras macropterus / Scleromystax macropterus) bigfin corydoras or largefin corydoras is a subtropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub-family of the Callichthyidae family. It originates in coastal rivers in South America and is found from São Paulo to Santa Catarina Brazil and some upper Paraná River tributaries. It was originally described by C. Tate Regan in 1913.The fish will grow in length up to 3.4 inches (8.7 centimeters).
 Skinny Bitch Book of Vegan Swaps is the eighth book in the Skinny Bitch series from author Kim Barnouin. The book has 291 pages.
 Steven Spielberg presents: Nine Lives is a not yet released 12-hour miniseries about nine characters who are mourning loved ones and discover they can reunite with the dead through near-death experiences.
 The Argument is the fourth solo studio album from Grant Hart formerly of the band Hüsker Dü. It is a concept album based on John Milton's Paradise Lost and inspired by Hart's friendship with renowned beat author William S. Burroughs. The album features guitar keyboards mallet instruments and found sounds. It was released to universal critical acclaim.
 Solstice is a 2008 American supernatural horror remake of the Danish film Midsommer from 2003. It is directed by Daniel Myrick and co-written by Myrick Ethan Erwin and Martin Musatov and starring Hilarie Burton Shawn Ashmore Amanda Seyfried Tyler Hoechlin Matt O'Leary and Elisabeth Harnois.
 The Pembina County Courthouse in Cavalier North Dakota was built in 1912. It was designed by architects Buechner & Orth in Beaux Arts style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1980.The courthouse is the only Buechner & Orth-designed courthouse in North Dakota. The listing includes a second contributing building a sheriff's residence and jail.
 Never Surrender is a 2009 film about an MMA champion who finds himself fighting in illegal underground cage fights. The film's cast features a number of real MMA fighters. It was filmed in Los Angeles California and was produced by Destiny Entertainment Productions. It is distributed in the United States by Lions Gate Entertainment.
 Pittock House is a house located in Camas Washington United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Sinum maculatum is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Run Papa Run (traditional Chinese: 一個好爸爸; simplified Chinese: 一个好爸爸; pinyin: Yi gè hǎo ba ba; Cantonese Yale: Yat kor ho ba ba) is a 2008 Hong Kong comedy-drama film directed and co-written by Sylvia Chang and based on a novel by Benny Li. It was produced by JCE Movies Limited with Jackie Chan serving as an executive producer.
 Liberté I is a 1962 French-Senegalese film directed by Yves Ciampi. It was entered into the 1962 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Halbammer is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 The Biruința River is a tributary of the Black Sea Lake Techirghiol in Romania.
 Cerrito (Entre Ríos) is a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province in northeastern Argentina.
 The southern big-eared brown bat is a species of bat from the family Vespertilionidae. Although current taxonomy treats the southern big-eared brown bat as a separate species it is often treated as a subspecies of the small big-eared brown bat. It lives in the forests of southern Argentina and Chile; though the population of the bat in the southern part of its habitat is low there are no major concerns to justify anything lower than a Least Concern rating in the IUCN Red List.
 Man in the Dark is a novel by Paul Auster published in August 2008. Its topic is a dystopian scenario of the present-day USA being torn apart by a new secession and civil war after the presidential elections of 2000. (The fictional division between the secessionist and loyal states is very similar to the Jesusland map.) This is told within a frame narrative of an aging journalist reflecting on his family and the death of his wife.
 Jungle Animals was Frank Buck’s eighth book written with Ferrin Fraser describing some of the animals birds and reptiles of the jungle which Buck had come in contact with in his years of travel around the world. The lavishly illustrated book was intended for schoolchildren grades five to eight.A children’s book illustrator Roger Vernam (1912–1992) was the artist.
 Vinohrady Water Tower is a building in Vinohrady in Prague 10 which was originally built as a water tower. Today its architecture is acknowledged as culturally important although it is now converted to accommodate offices and apartments. The viewing platform at the top is 40 metres above the street level.
 Sharpe's Regiment is a British television drama part of a series that follows the career of Richard Sharpe a British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars. This episode is based on the novel of the same name by Bernard Cornwell.
 Anarchism in America is a 1983 documentary directed by Steven Fischler and Joel Sucher and produced by Pacific Street Films. It has been re-released by AK Press to DVD. The film begins by explaining the filmmakers' interest in anarchism based on their involvement in the group Transcendental Students while in film school at NYU. The film includes interviews with influential anarchists Murray Bookchin Paul Avrich Jello Biafra Mollie Steimer and Karl Hess and with poet Kenneth Rexroth.
 Fishing Creek is a 30.4-mile-long (48.9 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River in Columbia County Pennsylvania United States. It joins the Susquehanna River near the census-designated place of Rupert and the town of Bloomsburg. The watershed has an area of 385 square miles (1000 km2).Nomadic Native Americans arrived in the lower reaches of Fishing Creek around 8000 B.C and some spent winters in the upper reaches of the valley by 3000 to 2000 B.C.
 Taran Wanderer (1967) is a high fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander the fourth of five volumes in The Chronicles of Prydain. The series follows Taran the Assistant Pig-Keeper as he nears manhood while helping to resist the forces of Arawn Death-Lord.The story follows Taran as he wanders with Gurgi but without most of his former companions from the other Chronicles.
 Truly Madly Completely: The Best of Savage Garden is a compilation album released by Australian pop duo Savage Garden.
 Frostbite is a vampire novel written by Richelle Mead. It is the second novel in the #1 New York Times bestselling series Vampire Academy. Frostbite continues the story of the main character Rose Hathaway including her bond with Vasilisa her budding romance with her instructor Dimitri and her education in becoming a Guardian.
 TV Comic was a British comic book published weekly from 9 November 1951 until 29 June 1984. Originally started by Beaverbrook it was published by Polystyle Publications from 1960 and featured stories based on television series running at the time of publication. The first issue ran to eight pages with Muffin the Mule on the front cover. It also featured many other TV favourites of the day including Mr.
 The Mark of Athena is the third book of The Heroes of Olympus series written by Rick Riordan. It was released on October 2 2012. The novel takes place where the previous novel in the series Son of Neptune left off. The Mark of Athena follows the alternating Greek demigods: Annabeth Chase Leo Valdez Piper McLean and Percy Jackson as well as three Roman demigods who are Jason Grace Hazel Levesque and Frank Zhang.
 Summer in Abaddon is the third full length album by indie rock band Pinback released through Touch & Go on October 12 2004. The album was recorded in the home studio of Zach Smith and Rob Crow.
 The Chattri is a war memorial in the English city of Brighton and Hove. It is situated in a serene position 500 feet (150 m) above the city on the South Downs above the suburb of Patcham and is accessible only by bridleway. It stands on the site where a number of Indian soldiers who fought for the British Empire were cremated during the First World War. The structure has Grade II listed status reflecting its architectural and historic importance.
 Rabe [ˈrabɛ] (Ukrainian: Рябе Riabe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna within Bieszczady County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Czarna 10 km (6 mi) south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne and 89 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Banaki Sadr ol Din (Persian: بنكي صدرالدين‎ also Romanized as Banakī Ṣadr ol Dīn; also known as Emāmzādeh Ṣadr od Dīn) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District in the Central District of Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Laski Lubuskie [ˈlaski luˈbuskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 220.
 The Mahogany Webworm Moth (Macalla thyrsisalis) is a species of snout moths in the genus Macalla. It was described by Walker in 1859. It is found in southern Florida the Bahamas Hispaniola southern Mexico Central America Trinidad and the Amazon Delta in Brazil.Adults have a dull brown body and forewings the latter with indistinct bands. The dorsal surface of the hindwings is off-white with brown outer margins. Adults are on wing in spring. The larvae feed on Swietenia mahagoni.
 Risoba sticticata is a species of moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 The Cal Palmer Memorial Building (also known as Finders Keepers) is a historic site in Windermere Florida. It is located at 502 Main Street. On November 29 1995 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Flat Dart (Euxoa campestris) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Newfoundland to Alaska south to New England and southern Canada from southern Quebec west to British Columbia. In the west it is distributed southward in the Rocky Mountains to southern New Mexico east-central Arizona and central Utah. In the east it occurs in the Appalachians in eastern Kentucky and in western North Carolina.The wingspan is 30–34 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September.
 The Dângrêk Mountains (Khmer: ជួរភ្នំដងរែក Chuor Phnom Dângrêk; Thai: ทิวเขาพนมดงรัก Thio Khao Phanom Dong Rak [tʰiw kʰǎw pʰanom doŋ rák]; Lao: Sayphou Damlek) meaning Carrying-Pole Mountains in Khmer is a mountain range forming a natural border between Cambodia and Thailand.
 Joseph Maxwell Max Cleland (born August 24 1942) is an American politician from Georgia. Cleland a Democrat is a disabled US Army veteran of the Vietnam War a recipient of the Silver Star and the Bronze Star for valorous actions in combat and a former U.S. Senator. He was also Administrator of Veterans Affairs (now a Cabinet-level position). From 2003 to 2007 he served on the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States a presidentially-appointed position.
 The Swift River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south through a valley between the Black Hill and Mount Hutt Ranges to reach the north branch of the Ashburton River 25 kilometres northwest of Methven.
 Regina Pizzeria originally Regina Pizza and also known as Pizzeria Regina is a regional pizza chain in New England. The company was founded in 1926 in Boston's North End neighborhood by the Polcari family. The chain is a part of Boston Restaurant Associates and is headquartered in Lynnfield Massachusetts.The original location was on Causeway St.
 The Missionary Position: Mother Teresa in Theory and Practice is an essay by the British-American journalist and polemicist Christopher Hitchens (1949 – 2011) published in 1995. It criticizes the work and philosophy of Mother Teresa (1910 – 1997) the founder of a Roman Catholic religious congregation that provides charitable services worldwide and the mainstream media's assessment of her charitable efforts.
 Onychomesa is a little-known genus of thread-legged bug in the subfamily Emesinae. Three species have been described one from India Japan and Taiwan.
 Parvatagouda Gaddigoudar (born 1951) is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He also represented the 14th Lok Sabha. He represents the Bagalkot constituency of Karnataka since 2004 and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.
 Osee Yee is a studio album by Ghanaian Afro-pop band Osibisa released in 2009 by Golden Stool Records – GSTOCD 002. It includes a nice rendition of George Harrison's song My Sweet Lord that's given an Osibisa funk spin. The back cover calls this an Osibisa Generation Four album.
 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a 1989 American fantasy-adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg from a story co-written by executive producer George Lucas. It is the third installment in the Indiana Jones franchise. Harrison Ford reprises the title role and Sean Connery plays Indiana's father Henry Jones Sr. Other cast members such as Alison Doody Denholm Elliott Julian Glover River Phoenix and John Rhys-Davies also have featured roles.
 Sonbolabad (Persian: سنبل اباد‎ also Romanized as Sonbolābād and Sanbalabad) is a village in Sonbolabad Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 772 in 191 families.
 Harrison George Mwakyembe (born 10 December 1955) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Kyela constituency since 2005. He is the current Minister of Transport.
 Henry's Knob is a mountain and Superfund Alternative Site in York County South Carolina at 1120 ft (340 m) above sea level. It is near the North Carolina border and the town of Clover South Carolina. The mountain was the site of an open-pit kyanite mine which was under operation from 1947 to 1970.
 Soløyvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. The 4.85-square-kilometre (1.87 sq mi) lake is located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of the town of Bodø.
 Nushin (Persian: نوشين‎ also Romanized as Nūshīn; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Nūshīābād and Nūshīābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 4 families.
 Edward Arunah Dunlop CM (June 27 1919 – January 6 1981) was an Ontario civil servant and political figure. He represented Forest Hill and then York Forest Hill in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1963 to 1971 as a Progressive Conservative member.He was born in Pembroke Ontario the son of Edward Arunah Dunlop and educated at Upper Canada College and the University of Toronto. He married Dorothy Joyce Tupper the daughter of Sir Charles Hibbert Tupper in 1944.
 The San Ysidro Port of Entry is the largest land border crossing between San Diego and Tijuana and the busiest land border crossing in the world. The San Ysidro Port of Entry is one of three ports of entry in the San Diego–Tijuana metropolitan region.
 Charlie Ross is an American politician and attorney who lives in Brandon Mississippi. He served as Senator from District 20 in the Mississippi Senate until 2007. District 20 comprises parts of Madison and Rankin Counties. Ross was first elected to the Senate in 1997 after serving as the representative from District 59 in the Mississippi House of Representatives. Prior to his legislative service he served as the Chairman of the Rankin County Republican Executive Committee.
 The Tripura Legislative Assembly or Tripura Vidhan Sabha (Bengali: ত্রিপুরা বিধানসভা) is the unicameral legislature of the northeastern Indian state of Tripura with 60 MLAs. The present Assembly is located in Gurkhabasti. Ujjayanta Palace in Agartala served as the previous meeting place. The tenure of the Assembly is five years unless sooner dissolved. The present House is the Tenth Legislative Assembly. Ramendra Chandra Debnath is the current speaker of the House.
 Lee Dae-ro Can't Die (Hangul: 이대로 죽을 순 없다; RR: Yi Dae-ro jukeulsun opta; also known as Short Time) is a 2005 South Korean action film about a corrupt police officer who is told he has only three months to live and plots his own death so his wife can collect his insurance policy. The film was released to South Korean cinemas on August 18 and received a total of 838419 admissions nationwide.The film is similar to that of the 1990 American dark comedy film Short Time.
 George Carpenter 2nd Earl of Tyrconnell (1750 – 15 April 1805) styled The Honourable George Carpenter until 1761 and Viscount Carlingford between 1761 and 1762 was a British nobleman. He sat as Member of Parliament for Scarborough from 1772 to 1796 and for Berwick-upon-Tweed from 1796 to 1802.
 The giant barb or Siamese giant carp Catlocarpio siamensis (Thai: กระโห้ RTGS: kraho pronounced [krā.hôː] or กะมัน RTGS: kaman pronounced [kā.mān]; Khmer: ត្រីគល់រាំង trei kól reăng) is the largest species of cyprinid in the world. These migratory fish are found only in the Mae Klong Mekong and Chao Phraya river basins in Indochina. It has declined drastically due to habitat loss and overfishing and it is now considered Critically Endangered.
 Mount Emily is a mountain in the Blue Mountains of eastern Oregon in the United States. It is located in western Union County. Mount Emily is visible from much of the Grande Ronde Valley. Its southern edge is a landmark in and symbol of the city of La Grande.
 Naranpanawa Egodagammedda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The Desert Lark (Ammomanes deserti) breeds in deserts and semi-deserts from the Sahara east through the Arabian peninsula and the Middle East to Iran Afghanistan and Pakistan.It is resident apart from local movements in arid stony areas and avoids flat sand. Its nest is on the ground in a rock crevice or amongst stones with 3-4 eggs being laid. The food of the Desert Lark is seeds and insects the latter especially in the breeding season.This is a small lark at 15 – 16.5 cm length.
 Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones is a 2014 American supernatural horror film written and directed by Christopher B. Landon. The film was released on January 3 2014 in United States. It is a spin-off of the Paranormal Activity film series and the fifth installment of the series. It is also Landon's second directorial film after Burning Palms.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād; also known as Naşrābād-e Torpākhlū) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District Zanjanrud District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 698 in 164 families.
 Sand Mountain is a Singing sand dune 20 miles (32 km) east of Fallon Nevada along U.S. Route 50. The dune is two miles long and 600 feet (180 m) high.It lies on the edge of the ancient Lake Lahontan that for the most part dried up 9000 years ago. Sand Mountain Recreation Area is managed by the Bureau of Land Management and is open to off-highway vehicle use. The area is also the only home of the Sand Mountain Blue Butterfly.Off highway vehicle rules Camp only in designated areas. 8 ft.
 Choonda is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2003.
 John Tyler Morgan (June 20 1824 – June 11 1907) was a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War a six-term U.S. senator from the state of Alabama after the war and a Grand Dragon of the Ku Klux Klan. He was a strong supporter of states rights and racial segregation through the Reconstruction era. He was an expansionist arguing for the annexation of the Republic of Hawaii and for U.S. construction of an interoceanic canal in Central America.
 Balša Božović (Serbian Cyrillic: Балша Божовић) (born 10 May 1983 in Belgrade) is a Serbian politician member of Democratic Party and he was President of Democratic Youth from 21 Jun 2009 until 23 July 2013. Now he is President of the DS branch for the city of Belgrade.
 Suleiman Nassib Omar is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Mfenesini constituency since 2010.
 One Worldwide Plaza is part of a three-building mixed-use commercial and residential complex completed in 1989 in the New York City borough of Manhattan known collectively as Worldwide Plaza. One Worldwide Plaza is a commercial office tower on Eighth Avenue. Two Worldwide Plaza is a residential condominium tower west of the center of the block and Three Worldwide Plaza is a low-rise condominium residential building with street level stores on Ninth Avenue to the west of the towers.
 The Church of St. Mary the Virgin Plumtree is a parish church in the Church of England in Plumtree Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 The Falcon Tabernacle also known as the Octagon Tabernacle and the Little Tabernacle is an historic octagon-shaped Pentecostal Holiness church building in Falcon North Carolina. Built in 1898 it was designed by Julius A. Culbreth (1871-1950) for prayer meetings and was built using wood from trees that had been uprooted by a tornado. Culbreth who was the founder of Falcon chose the octagon shape because it reminded him of the tents used in revival meetings.
 Jane A. Restani (born February 27 1948 in San Francisco California) is currently a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade. She was appointed to the Court on November 16 1983 by President Ronald Reagan. She served as chief judge of the Court from 2003 to 2010.
 Soft Shoes is a 1925 American drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Downright Dencey is a children's historical novel by Caroline Snedeker. It is set in Nantucket Massachusetts shortly after the War of 1812 and deals with the unlikely friendship between a Quaker girl Dencey Coffyn and the son of the town drunk. The novel illustrated by Maginel Wright Barney was first published in 1927 and was a Newbery Honor recipient in 1928.
 The Red-Light Sting is a 1984 made-for-television movie starring Farrah Fawcett Beau Bridges Harold Gould and Paul Burke.
 Pontiac Mills is a historic textile mill complex on Knight Street in the village of Pontiac Rhode Island within the city of Warwick Rhode Island. The mills produced the original Fruit of the Loom brand of cloth.The mills were built in 1863 by Robert Knight and Benjamin Knight (B.B. & R. Knight Company). The mills produced uniforms for Union soldiers during the American Civil War. In 1920 Webster Knight sold Fruit of the Loom and the Pontiac Mills.
 The Kennet is a river in the south of England and a tributary of the River Thames. The lower reaches of the river are navigable to river craft and are known as the Kennet Navigation which together with the Avon Navigation the Kennet and Avon Canal and the Thames links the cities of Bristol and London.
 Runumi (Assamese:ৰুণুমী) is the ninth Assamese language film. It was directed and produced by Suresh Chandra Goswami and released in 1952. The film is based on Henrik Ibsen’s play The Warriors at Helgeland. It is the second Assamese film to have been shot in location and open floor after Joymoti. The film stars Kanaklata Saikia Neyimuddin Ahmed Suresh Goswami Indreshwar Barthakur Hironmoyee Devi. The film was set in Assam and Nagaland (then the Naga hills of Assam).
 Chew Magna Reservoir is a small reservoir on the western outskirts of the village of Chew Magna Somerset England. It lies just north of the B3130 Winford Road.This 5 acres (2 ha) reservoir was created in the 1930s damming Winford brook to supply water for villages in the Chew Valley. It is owned and managed by Bristol Water.Chew Magna reservoir provides fly fishing for stocked Brown Trout (Salmo trutta morpha fario) and Rainbow Trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss). Rainbows can be fished all year.
 Mater the Greater is a 2008 Pixar computer animated short film directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Rob Gibbs and Victor Navone. It is the second short in the Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales series. The short features characters from the Cars films and takes place after the events of Cars. It was first released on Toon Disney on October 28 2008 and was included in the home release of the Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales compilation.
 Violent Things is the first studio album by rock band The Brobecks. It was released on May 18 2009.
 Cofre de Perote originally Naupa-Tecutépetl (from Nāuhpa-Tēuctēpetl in the Nahuatl language) is known also as Nauhcampatépetl. Both Nahuatl names mean something like 'Place of Four Mountain' or 'Mountain of the Lord of Four Places'.
 Chita is a 2005 Bengali action film. A revenge tale with Mithun Chakraborty in the lead role.
 Epidromia pannosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern Florida and central Mexico southward through the Caribbean and Central America to Brazil.The larvae feed on Psidium species including Psidium guajava.
 Lir Abi (Persian: ليرابي‎ also Romanized as Līr Ābī; also known as Līr) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 304 in 55 families.
 Yirrkala chaselingi is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Gilbert Percy Whitley in 1940.
 The Lammenhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Saas-Balen in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Balfrin within the valley of Saas.
 Louis Joxe (16 September 1901 – 6 April 1991) was a French statesman judge and politician. He was born in Bourg-la-Reine Hauts-de-Seine.
 Trolle-Ljungby Castle (Swedish: Trolle-Ljungby slott) is a castle in Kristianstad Municipality Scania in southern Sweden. The Renaissance style castle is enclosed by a moat.
 The Ballad of G.I. Joe is a musical comedy parody short film released in 2009 on the website Funny or Die. Written by Daniel Strange and Kevin Umbricht it spoofs several characters from G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero by showing what they do in their spare time.
 Edgar C. Levey (August 4 1881 – October 8 1962) was a Republican Speaker of the California Assembly and an assistant District Attorney in San Francisco in the early 1900s.
 Leptobarbus melanopterus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Leptobarbus.
 The Bucureasa Mare River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Moonlight Express (星月童話) is a 1999 joint Hong Kong/Japanese film directed by Daniel Lee and starring Leslie Cheung and Takako Tokiwa.
 Stenoptilia hahni is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Spain.
 Kani Kasil (Persian: كاني كسيل‎ also Romanized as Kānī Kasīl) is a village in Haq Rural District Nalus District Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 9 families.
 Elachista ozeini is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Italy.
 The Dollesbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Caloptilia xystophanes is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Queensland.
 Bidarbhavi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Beautiful Boy: A Father's Journey Through His Son's Addiction is a best-selling memoir by David Sheff that describes how his family dealt with his son Nic's methamphetamine addiction. It was published by Houghton Mifflin on April 26 2008. The book grew out of the article My Addicted Son that Sheff had written for The New York Times Magazine in 2005.
 The Cascade River is a river of the South Island of New Zealand. It flows north for 30 kilometres from its source in Mount Aspiring National Park in the Southern Alps forming a deep valley between the Olivine Range and Red Hills Range. From the end of this valley it turns west to cross a low-lying swampy floodplain before entering the Tasman Sea close to Cascade Point a headland halfway between Big Bay and Jackson Bay.
 Szczerbice [ʂt͡ʂɛrˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gaszowice within Rybnik County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) east of Gaszowice 9 km (6 mi) west of Rybnik and 44 km (27 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 1980.
 The Wedding Video is a 2012 comedy written by Tim Firth and directed by Nigel Cole.Presented in the found footage style the film stars Rufus Hound Lucy Punch and Robert Webb. It follows an engaged couple's best man as he creates a video documentary of their wedding.
 History of Fear (Spanish: Historia del Miedo) is a 2014 Argentine drama film directed by Benjamín Naishtat. The film had its premiere in the competition section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Yellow-winged Pytilia (Pytilia hypogrammica) also known as the Red-faced Pytilia is an African estrildid finch. It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of 250000 km².It is commonly found at Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad The Democratic Republic of the Congo Côte d'Ivoire Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone and Togo.
 Sydney Herbert Stewart Thompson (September 23 1920 – November 26 1997) was a merchant and served as a Social Credit Party of Canada Member of Parliament from 1957 to 1958.Thompson first ran for a seat in the Canadian House of Commons for the 1957 Canadian federal election. He defeated incumbent Richmond Francis Hanna to win the Edmonton—Strathcona electoral district. Thompson was defeated a year later by Terry Nugent in the 1958 federal election.
 Vsevolod Apollonovich Balitsky (Russian: Всеволод Аполлонович Балицкий; 27 November 1892 – 27 November 1937) was a top official of the NKVD.Balitsky was born in Verkhnodniprovsk Yekaterinoslav Governorate. He directed the NKVD in Ukraine during the Great Famine and was nicknamed the Guillotine of Ukraine. On 11 May 1937 he was transferred to the Far East becoming Commander of the NKVD. During the Great Purge he was arrested (on 7 July 1937).
 Frank Smithwick Hogan (January 17 1902 – April 2 1974) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. Dubbed Mr. Integrity due to his perceived honesty and incorruptibility he was D.A. of New York County for more than 30 years.
 Primates is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal of primatology. It publishes original papers that cover all aspects of the study of primates. The journal publishes original research articles reviews short communications book reviews and notes. It was established in 1957. Although the first volume contained only articles written in Japanese subsequent volumes were published in English thanks to a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation.
 Dichelopa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Requiem for a Dream is a 2000 American psychological drama film directed by Darren Aronofsky and starring Ellen Burstyn Jared Leto Jennifer Connelly and Marlon Wayans. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Hubert Selby Jr. with whom Aronofsky wrote the screenplay. Burstyn was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance.
 Pseudogaurotina abdominalis is a species of the Lepturinae subfamily in the long-horned beetle family. This beetle is distributed in USA and the Canada.
 Pentavision has released DJMax soundtracks featuring songs from the games in a digital and physical retail format. This is a list of these albums.
 Guardalavaca is a town in the Holguín Province of Cuba. It is a tourist location due to its white sandy beaches and warm waters.
 Saka no Ue no Kumo (坂の上の雲) Cloud (or Clouds) over the slope is a popular Japanese historical novel by Shiba Ryōtarō originally published serially from 1968 to 1972 in eight volumes.
 Kannu is a village in Võnnu Parish Tartu County Estonia. It's located just north of Võnnu the administrative centre of the municipality. The city of Tartu is located about 20 km (12 mi) northwest. In 2000 Kannu had a population of 18.
 Our Thing is the second release by American jazz tenor saxophonist Joe Henderson on Blue Note. It features performances by Henderson Kenny Dorham Andrew Hill Pete La Roca and Eddie Khan of originals by Henderson and Dorham. The CD reissue added a bonus take of Teeter Totter.
 Enjoy CCCP is a compilation album by the Italian punk rock band CCCP Fedeli alla linea released by Virgin Records on 1994.The cover is an imitation of the Coca-Cola brand. The name of the band is written in white color and uses the same font type of Coca-Cola on a Coca-Cola red background.
 The Pepin County Courthouse and Jail is located in Durand Wisconsin. In 1982 the site was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Additionally it is listed on the Wisconsin State Register of Historic Places.
 Greatest Hits: From the Beginning is the title of the first greatest hits compilation issued by American country music singer Travis Tritt. Released in 1995 on Warner Bros. Records the album features thirteen tracks from Tritt's first four studio albums (1990's Country Club 1991's It's All About to Change 1992's T-R-O-U-B-L-E and 1994's Ten Feet Tall and Bulletproof).
 The Seekers is a 1979 made-for-television drama film/mini-series. It is based on the historical novel The Seekers written by John Jakes originally published in 1975. It is third in a series known as The Kent Family Chronicles or the American Bicentennial Series. The story mixes fictional characters with historical events and figures as it narrates the story of the United States of America from 1794 through 1814.
 Kallidecthes is an extinct genus of crustacean.
 The Harvey River is a river in Western Australia and is the southernmost of the three major waterways which drain into the Peel-Harvey Estuary with its delta in the southern extreme of the Harvey Estuary. It is about 90 km in length rising near Mount Keats. Due to flooding of grazing land the river was diverted to discharge directly into the ocean in 1934.The river was first encountered by Dr Alexander Collie and Lieutenant William Preston in an expedition in November 1829.
 HLLLYH is the fourth album by Los Angeles-based experimental punk band The Mae Shi. It was released on February 11 2008.It is a concept album about judeo-christian religion and more narrowly stories of the old testament.
 The Colún River is a river of Chile.
 Winds of War is an album by the German speed metal band Iron Angel released in 1986.
 Harry Rutherford Houston (May 20 1878 – November 13 1960) was a Virginia politician. He represented Elizabeth City County in the Virginia House of Delegates and served as that body's Speaker from 1916 until 1920.
 Avenging Angel is a solo piano album by American jazz pianist and composer Craig Taborn recorded in July 2010 and released on the ECM label.
 Harlem Nights is a 1989 comedy-drama crime film starring Eddie Murphy and Richard Pryor. The film also featured Michael Lerner Danny Aiello Redd Foxx (In his last film before his death in 1991) Della Reese and Murphy's brother Charlie Murphy.
 The Fanado River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Live! is a live concert video from the British alternative rock band Bush. Filmed in the Fall of 2011 in Portland Oregon during the time they were touring in support of their album The Sea of Memories. The video was released on DVD and Blu-ray formats on 1 March 2013.
 The Ucișoara River is a tributary of the Ucea River in Romania.
 Chan Nak (May 27 1892 Phnom Penh Cambodia – November 7 1954 Paris) was the Prime Minister of Cambodia from 1953 to 1954. He was the second prime minister of an independent Cambodia following Penn Nouth.Before being appointed the prime minister Chan served as the Minister of Justice in 1945 1945–1946 and 1950 the Interior Minister from 1953–1954 and the Information Minister from 1953 to 1954.
 Fet Church (Norwegian: Fet kyrkje) is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Fet in the Indre Hafslo area. The church is part of the Fet og Joranger parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has 220 seats was built in 1894 by the master builder John Alver.
 Galen is a small lunar impact crater that lies in the rugged region between the Montes Apenninus range to the west and the Montes Haemus in the east. It is located to the south-southeast of the crater Aratus a slightly larger formation. Further to the west is the crater Conon near the flanks of the Montes Apeninnus.
 Smoky the Cowhorse is a novel by Will James that was the winner of the 1927 Newbery Medal.
 The Sickhouse is a 2008 horror film directed by Curtis Radclyffe produced by Charlotte Wontner and starring Gina Philips Kellie Shirley and Alex Hassell.
 Pacharukhi is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3132 people living in 717 individual households.
 Bucculatrix solidaginiella is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Florida Louisiana Maine Missouri New Jersey Mississippi and Ohio.The wingspan is 11-12.5 mm. The forewings are white marked with pale ocherous to brownish ocherous. The hindwings are brownish ocherous. Adults are on wing from April to August.The larvae feed on Solidago species.
 Kannastiku is a village in Vinni Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Michael Joe Nerren known as Mike Nerren (born May 1963) is the Division E judge of the 26th Judicial District Court based in Bossier and Webster parishes in northwestern Louisiana.
 Hünengrab im Herbst is the first studio album by German black metal band Nagelfar. It was recorded in Andy Classen's Stage-One-Studio in September 1997 and was released via Kettenhund Records in December 1997.
 Lottia leucopleura is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 China International Center (simplified Chinese: 中华国际中心; traditional Chinese: 中華國際中心; pinyin: Zhōnghuá Guójì Zhōngxīn) is a 62-storey 270 m (890 ft) skyscraper completed in 2007 in Guangzhou China.
 Tar Baby is a novel by the American author Toni Morrison first published in 1981.
 The Catrina River is a tributary of the Tecșe River in Romania.
 Cold Lake is a large lake in Northern Alberta and Saskatchewan Canada. The lake straddles the Alberta/Saskatchewan border and has a water area of 373 km2 (144 sq mi). It is also one of the deepest lakes in Alberta with a maximum depth of 99.1 m (325 ft). It has around 24 known species of fish in it and is a major ice fishing lake. It is also major stop for many migrating birds and is home to one of the largest warbler populations in Alberta.
 Intaqam (English: Revenge) is a 1969 Bollywood suspense-thriller film directed by R. K. Nayyar. It starred Sanjay Khan and Sadhana Shivdasani in the lead supported by Ashok Kumar Jeevan Rajendra Nath Rehman Helen and Anju Mahendru.The film also features the first cabaret number sung by Lata Mangeshkar Aa Jaane Jaan also a rarity through her career. The song was picturized on Helen and choreographed by P. L. Raj. It also remains one of most popular dance number of Helen's career.
 Live Exposure is a video by Little River Band filmed at a live concert at The Summit in Houston Texas on 7 October 1981.Live Exposure was first released on VHS in 1981 and subsequently released on DVD in 2008
 Launceston Priory was a priory at Newport Launceston Cornwall England UK. The priory was a house of Augustinian canons. It received a charter in 1127 replacing an earlier foundation of secular canons at St Stephens. It was dissolved in 1539 and the site levelled.The site was re-discovered in 1886 and 1888 (during the construction of the railway and a gas holder) and excavated by O. B. Peter thus allowing the plan to be reconstructed.
 The Tri-City News is a bi-weekly community newspaper based in Port Coquitlam and published by Black Press and has been serving the Tri-Cities region of British Columbia's Lower Mainland since 1985.
 Swabia Creek is a tributary of Little Lehigh Creek in Berks and Lehigh Counties Pennsylvania in the United States.
 Niols (Russian: Ниолс) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Vishera River which in turn is a tributary of Kama River. The length of the river is 26 km. The source is located on the slope of the Urals near the border with Sverdlovsk Oblast. It flows through Vishersky Nature Reserve and flows into the Vishera River in 379 km of its mouth.
 The Știrlivăț River is a tributary of the Ilișești River in Romania.
 Crazywell Pool or Crazy Well Pool is a large pond situated about 3 km (1.9 mi) south of Princetown just off the path between Burrator and Whiteworks on the western side of Dartmoor Devon England at grid reference SX582705. It is about 100 metres (110 yd) long and has a surface area of about 3500 square metres (0.86 acre).The pool is thought to be the result of excavations by tin miners and is either a flooded mine shaft or a reservoir.
 Farris is a 20 km long fresh water moraine-dammed lake near the Norwegian coastal town Larvik. The lake would have been a salt water fjord had it not been dammed by an end moraine left by the latest ice age. Farris is drinking water reservoir for some 170000 people. The largest island in the lake is Bjørnøya.
 Epicrocis poliochyta is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Turner in 1924 and is known from Australia.
 The Ariston Café is a historic restaurant located in Litchfield Illinois USA along Old U.S. Route 66. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Basilica of San Albino formerly known as San Albino Church of Mesilla is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Las Cruces and is located in Mesilla New Mexico. It has the distinction of having originally been established in Mexico but it is now located in the United States as a result of a transfer of territory in the Gadsden Purchase. The first church on the site was built in 1852; the current structure was built in 1906 and is one of the oldest churches in the region.
 Love-In is a live album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd recorded at the Fillmore Auditorium in San Francisco by the Charles Lloyd Quartet featuring Keith Jarrett Ron McClure and Jack DeJohnette. Selections from the same concert were also released as Journey Within.
 Housekeeping is a novel by Marilynne Robinson. It was published in 1980 nominated for the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction (which Robinson would eventually win for her second novel Gilead) and awarded the PEN/Hemingway Award for best first novel.
 Boeunsan is the name of a mountain in Gangjin county Jeollanam-do province South Korea. Its highest point is at Udubong (우두봉) 439 meters. Boeunsan is north of Gangjin-eup in Gangjin county and runs parallel to National Route 2. Boeunsan is a popular area for hiking among locals in Gangjin. There are three courses the longest of which is roughly 6 km. There are three Buddhist temples in the foothills most notably Geumgoksa.
 Krishnanum Radhayum (Malayalam: കൃഷ്ണനും രാധയും) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed and produced by Santhosh Pandit. Santhosh Pandit plays the lead role in the film and also does the lyrics music fights art editing back-ground music effects singer story dialogues script costumes production designing and title graphics. The film was released in Kerala on 21 October 2011.
 The Guernsey Press and Star is the only daily newspaper published in Guernsey.
 The Central Maine Medical Center is a hospital located at 300 Main Street in the city of Lewiston Maine. It serves most of Androscoggin County including Lewiston and Auburn Maine and various small and medium-sized communities. The hospital was established in the 1860s and officially incorporated in 1888 by Dr. Edward H. Hill an alumnus of nearby Bates College and also Harvard Medical School.
 Lake Tegel (German: Tegeler See) is the second largest lake in Berlin Germany. It is situated in the northwest of the city in the Reinickendorf borough in the Ortsteil of Tegel.
 The Little Rock U.S. Post Office and Courthouse also known as Old Post Office and Courthouse in Little Rock Arkansas is a historic post office federal office and courthouse building located at Little Rock in Pulaski County Arkansas. It is a courthouse for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas.
 Cecil Fielding White (December 12 1900 – March 29 1992) was an American farmer and politician. The Democrat White served as the United States Representative for California's 9th congressional district for one term from 1949 to 1951. White was a cotton broker and owned his own ranch before getting into politics at the age of 47 and defeating seven-term incumbent Republican Bertrand W. Gearhart.
 Vlaška (Cyrillic: Влашка) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Impur is an album by English guitarist composer and improvisor Fred Frith. It was composed in 1996 by Frith for 100 musicians large building and mobile audience and was performed on 30 May 1996 by students and teachers from L’Ecole Nationale de Musique Villeurbanne France. Frith directed the performance but did perform himself.Impur is the first of two performances commissioned by L’Ecole Nationale de Musique while Frith was resident music professor at the institution.
 Lymantriades is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Varalići (Cyrillic: Варалићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Charlotte Street Hotel is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It is located at 15 Charlotte Street in North Soho.The hotel opened on June 5 2000 and contains 52 rooms.Charlotte Street Hotel is a modern boutique hotel furnished with 20th-century and contemporary art and a Botero sculpture.
 Jet Lag (French: Décalage Horaire) is a 2002 film starring Juliette Binoche and Jean Reno. It is the second film directed by Danièle Thompson after the 1999 release La Bûche.
 First Pull Up Then Pull Down is the second album by Hot Tuna released in 1971 as RCA Victor LSP-4550. The album was recorded live with electric instruments instead of the acoustic instruments used on the previous album Hot Tuna. The album rose to #43 on the Billboard charts. In 1996 RCA released the CD box set Hot Tuna in a Can which included a remastered version of this album along with remasters of the albums Hot Tuna Burgers America's Choice and Hoppkorv.
 The Brain (French: Le Cerveau) is a 1969 French comedy film directed by Gérard Oury about a second train robbery by the brains of the Great Train Robbery.
 Intrinsic is the second studio album by progressive metal band The Contortionist released through E1/Good Fight Music on July 17 2012.
 Pawęzów [paˈvɛ̃zuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisia Góra within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Lisia Góra 4 km (2 mi) north of Tarnów and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 The Folly of Anne is a 1914 American short drama film directed by John B. O'Brien.
 Algonquin Commons is an upper-tier outdoor shopping mall or lifestyle center located along Randall Road in Algonquin Illinois a northwest suburb of Chicago. The mall is located in Kane County Illinois just south of the McHenry County line. Featuring over 80 retailers and restaurants and 600000 total square feet it is the largest lifestyle center in Illinois and among the largest in the United States.
 The Mongoliad is a fictional narrative set in the Foreworld Saga a secret history transmedia franchise developed by the Subutai Corporation. The Mongoliad was originally released in a serialized format online and via a series of iOS and Android apps but was restructured and re-edited for a definitive edition released via the Amazon Publishing imprint 47North both in print and in Kindle format. Fan-submitted Foreworld stories are published via Amazon's Kindle Worlds imprint.
 This article describes an album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 58 or Now 58 was released in 2004. The album is the 58th edition of the (UK) Now! series.
 The Edison Plaza is a 17-story office building in downtown Beaumont Texas located at 350 Pine St. The building is downtown's newest and tallest skyscraper.Originally built by Gulf States Utilities as its headquarters it serves as the Texas headquarters for its successor Entergy Texas; however Entergy no longer owns the building and leases four floors only out of the 17 in the building. It is erroneously called The Entergy Building but its correct name is still Edison Plaza.
 Wioska [ˈvʲɔska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Syców within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Syców 30 km (19 mi) north-east of Oleśnica and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Harold John Jack Tennant PC (18 November 1865 – 9 November 1935) was a Scottish Liberal politician. He served as Secretary for Scotland under his brother-in-law H. H. Asquith between July and December 1916.
 Eupachydisus is a large coarse-ribbed Pachydiscid ammonite genus from the Upper Cretaceous found in Coniacian to Campanian age strata in Europe Madagascar Japan and British Columbia. The whorl section in Eupachydiscus is inflated and depressed almost round in the later growth stages.
 Ifta is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Micardia pulcherrima is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Bhutan China (Tibet) and India.
 The Qiongzhou Strait (simplified Chinese: 琼州海峡; traditional Chinese: 瓊州海峽; pinyin: Qióngzhōu Hǎixiá) also called the Hainan Strait is a body of water that separates the Leizhou Peninsula in Guangdong southern China to the north from Hainan Island to its south.
 Rajsoomer Lallah (September 1933 – 3 June 2012) was a Mauritian lawyer and judge who played a leading role in International Human Rights cases.
 The Feelin's Good is an album by jazz tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on March 7 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Mobley Donald Byrd Herbie Hancock Butch Warren and Philly Joe Jones.
 A Co-respondent's Course is a short 1931 Australian film. The screenplay was written by Montague Grover (1870-1943) an experienced journalist. The film was the first film made by Efftee Studios a production company owned by F.W. Thring the first Australian narrative film to be completed with an optical soundtrack and part of the first all-Australian full-length unit programme to be screened in Australia.
 The Netherlands Open Air Museum (Dutch: Nederlands Openluchtmuseum) is an open air museum and park located near Arnhem with antique houses farms and factories from different parts of the Netherlands. The Netherlands Open Air Museum is a national museum focusing on the culture associated with the everyday lives of ordinary people.
 Carilion New River Valley Medical Center (CNRV) is a hospital in Montgomery County Virginia USA about two miles from Radford. The hospital has 146 beds and is part of Carilion Clinic.
 The Journal of International Economics is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of economics. The journal publishes articles on both theoretical and empirical aspects of international economics.
 Herbert Allan Fogel (born 1929) is a former United States federal judge.Born in Philadelphia Pennsylvania Fogel received a B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania in 1949 and a J.D. from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1952. He was a law clerk for the Court of Common Pleas for Philadelphia County from 1952 to 1954 and a law clerk to the Hon. Vincent Caroll from 1954 to 1959.
 The Corsair is a weekly newspaper produced by and for the students of Santa Monica College a two-year community college located in Santa Monica California. The newspaper began publication in the fall semester of 1929 to provide a media source that focuses on issues concerning the Santa Monica College campus as well as the surrounding community.
 Mount Iwaki (岩木山 Iwaki-san) is a stratovolcano located in western Aomori Prefecture Tohoku Japan. It is also referred to as Tsugaru-Fuji from its shape. the mountain is listed as one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains in a book composed in 1964 by mountaineer/author Kyūya Fukada. The mountain and its surroundings are located within the borders of Tsugaru Quasi-National Park.
 La menace is a 1977 French-Canadian film directed by Alain Corneau and starring Yves Montand Carole Laure and Marie Dubois.
 Bulinus camerunensis is a species of small air-breathing freshwater snail with a sinistral shell an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae the ramshorn snails and their allies. This species is endemic to Lake Barombi Koto and Lake Debundsha in Cameroon.
 Age Eternal is the debut and sole album of the doom metal band Middian released on March 20 2007.
 The Return of Swamp Thing is a sci-fi-comedy film released in 1989 and directed by Jim Wynorski. It is based on the DC Comics (later Vertigo Comics) title Swamp Thing and is a sequel to the 1982 horror film Swamp Thing directed by Wes Craven; however it had a lighter tone than the previous film. The film's main title montage consists of comic book covers set to Creedence Clearwater Revival's Born on the Bayou.
 Tales of the South Pacific is a Pulitzer Prize-winning book which is a collection of sequentially related short stories about World War II written by James A. Michener in 1946 and published in 1947. The stories were based on observations and anecdotes he collected while stationed as a lieutenant commander in the US Navy on the island of Espiritu Santo in the New Hebrides Islands (now known as Vanuatu).
 Gary Lynn Watkins (December 12 1946 - August 8 2004) was a lawyer and Democratic politician from Odessa in Ector County in West Texas. From 1987 to 1993 Watkins held the District 75 seat since largely reconfigured into District 81 in the Texas House of Representatives.
 Conus gratacapii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Makino Tadamasa (牧野 忠雅 December 2 1799 – November 30 1858) was a Japanese daimyo of the Edo period.The Makino were identified as one of the fudai or insider daimyō clans which were hereditary vassels or allies of the Tokugawa clan in contrast with the tozama or outsider clans.
 The Lindenberg (878 m) is a wooded mountain north of the Alps situated between the valleys of the Aabach and the Reuss. Politically the mountain belongs to the canton of Lucerne although the border with the canton of Aargau runs east of the summit over 800 metres.
 Mount Crosson is a 12352-foot (3765 m) mountain in the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve. Mount Crosson lies to the northeast of Mount Foraker overlooking Kahiltna Glacier. The mountain was named in 1949 by mountaineer Bradford Washburn for bush pilot Joseph Crosson.
 Songs for the Sinners is the fifth and last full-length album by the Finnish gothic metal act Charon.
 David Edward Price (May 11 1826 – August 22 1883) was a Quebec businessman and political figure. He was a Conservative member of the Senate of Canada from 1867 to 1883.He was born at Quebec City in 1826 the son of William Price and after completing his studies went to London England to learn the lumber trade with his father's partners. In 1847 he began work in his father's firm.
 Paynesville is a village in Pike County Missouri United States. The population was 77 at the 2010 census.
 The Western Ground Parrot (Pezoporus flaviventris) is an endangered species of parrot endemic to Western Australia and is a close relative of the Eastern Ground Parrot (P. wallicus) and the somewhat more distantly related and mysterious Night Parrot (Pezoporus occidentalis).
 Cllr Dolores Kelly (born 3 September 1959) is a Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly for Upper Bann.Kelly attended the University of Ulster Jordanstown.In May 1993 she was first elected to Craigavon Borough Council for the Loughside District. She served on all committees and was chair of Technical Services and Environmental Services.In May 1997 she was re-elected to Craigavon Borough.
 Ahandan (Persian: آهندان‎ also Romanized as Āhandān) is a village in Ahandan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1056 in 302 families.
 William Joseph Billy Guste Jr. (May 26 1922 – July 25 2013) was a New Orleans attorney businessman and Democratic attorney general of Louisiana from 1972 to 1992. He succeeded Jack P.F. Gremillion a fellow Democrat engulfed in scandal who had held the position since 1956. Guste received recognition for molding the office into a model of integrity and efficiency.
 The More Things Change... is a 1986 film directed by Robyn Nevin.
 Gymnoscelis lindbergi is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Cape Verde.The wingspan is 13–20 mm.
 G.I. Joe is a series of military science fiction action films based on Hasbro's G.I. Joe toy comic and media franchises. Development for the first film began in 2003 but when the United States launched the invasion of Iraq in March 2003 Hasbro suggested adapting the Transformers instead. In 2009 the first film was released under the title G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra. A second film G.I. Joe: Retaliation was released in 2013.
 A.M. Paraman is an Communist Party of India (Marxist) politician from Thrissur and Member of the Legislative Assembly from Ollur Assembly Constituency in 1987.
 The Shuttleworth Collection is an aeronautical and automotive museum located at the Old Warden airfield in Bedfordshire England. It is one of the most prestigious in the world due to the variety of old and well-preserved aircraft.
 Cound Brook (pronounced COOnd) is a tributary of the River Severn in Shropshire England running to south of the county town Shrewsbury. The Cound Brook rises in the Stretton Hills and discharges into the River Severn at Eyton on Severn after winding its way for 25 miles (40 km) across the southern Shropshire-Severn plains.The flow of the Cound Brook can vary from sluggish in a dry summer to a raging torrent in winter or spring.
 Big Sandy Mountain (12416 feet (3784 m)) is located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Big Sandy Mountain sits along the Continental Divide less than 1 mi (1.6 km) southeast of Dog Tooth Peak.
 Krasowo Wielkie [kraˈsɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Dmitry Anatolyevich Medvedev (Russian: Дми́трий Анато́льевич Медве́дев tr. Dmitriy Anatolyevich Medvedev IPA: [ˈdmʲitrʲɪj ɐnɐˈtolʲjɪvʲɪt͡ɕ mʲɪˈdvʲedʲɪf] ; born 14 September 1965) is the tenth and current Prime Minister of Russia incumbent since 2012. He previously served as the third President of Russia from 2008 to 2012.
 Rajesh Pilot (1945–2000) was an Indian politician and a minister in the Government of India. He belonged to the Indian National Congress party and represented the Dausa constituency in Lok Sabha.His original name was Rajesh Vidhuri.Rajesh Pilot was born in Viadpura a village in Ghaziabad District of Uttar Pradesh to an armyman. His birthname was Rajeshwar Prasad Singh Vidhudi. He was brought up in the poor family of his uncle in Delhi.
 Jeffrey 'Jeff' Rodrick Monroe (born September 5 1956 in Grafton North Dakota) is an American politician and a Republican member of the South Dakota Senate representing District 24 since January 8 2013. Monroe served non-consecutively in the South Dakota Legislature from January 1995 until January 2003 in the South Dakota House of Representatives District 24 seat.
 This article is about the building. For the subway station whose name is that of the building see Eastern Market (Washington Metro). The Eastern Market is a public market in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Washington D.C. housed in a 19th-century brick building. It is located on 7th Street SE a few blocks east of the U.S. Capitol between North Carolina Avenue SE and C Street SE. The Eastern Market is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Freedom is an album by jazz guitarist Kenny Burrell. It was recorded in 1963-1964 but shelved until 1980 when it was released in Japan as GXF 3057. In 2011 it was finally released in the US as a 180gr vinyl.
 Nieznanowice [ɲɛznanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Włoszczowa and 42 km (26 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Euphaedra perseis the Perseis Mimic Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea (Conakry) Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast and western Ghana. The habitat consists of wet forests.Adults mimic a day-flying moth of the Xanthospilopteryx genus. They are attracted to fallen fruit.
 Gary D. Hanson is a Democratic member of the South Dakota Senate representing the 1st district since 2004. Previously he was a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from 1998 through 2004.
 Through the Fire (also known as The Gates of Hell Part II: Dead Awakening) is a 1988 horror film directed by Gary Marcum (as G.D. Marcum) starring Tamara Hext Tom Campitelli and Randy Strickland.
 Revolutionary Voices: A Multicultural Queer Youth Anthology edited by Amy Sonnie is an anthology created by and for radical queer youth committed specifically to youth of color young women transgender and bisexual youth (dis)abled youth and poor/working class youth. The anthology gave rise to the founding of RESYST (Resources for Youth Students and Trainers) a radical queer youth organization that had chapters across the country.
 Step Outside is a 1986 album by British folk-rock band The Oyster Band. The album was the first release of Cooking Vinyl records. The album was chosen as one of the 50 best of the year in Q Magazine.
 I Met My Love Again (1938) is an American romantic drama film distributed by United Artists directed by Joshua Logan Arthur Ripley and George Cukor. The screenplay was written by David Hertz based on the novel Summer Lightning by Allene Corliss. The film stars Joan Bennett and Henry Fonda.
 Trichaeta tigrina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in Cambodia.
 Acroplectis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Y3K: Deep Progressive Breaks is a mix album which is part of the Y3K/Y4K series created by Distinct'ive Breaks. The album contains music by BT General Midi Hybrid and Way Out West.
 Sin Limites is a four track EP recorded by Dutch Eurodance band 2 Unlimited.
 See Burmese chronicles for the royal chronicles of Burma (Myanmar).Chroniques Birmanes published in English as Burma Chronicles is a 2007 Canadian graphic novel written and illustrated by Guy Delisle. Burma Chronicles is a travelogue about Delisle's time spent in Burma with his young son Louis and his wife Nadège an administrator for Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF).
 Mudimiyal is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Chevella mandal.
 My Summer Of Love is a novel by Helen Cross first published in Great Britain in 2001 winning a Betty Trask Award in the subsequent year.Set in the fictional Yorkshire market town of Whitehorse and the surrounding area it tells the story of the intense relationship that develops between Tamsin and Mona two 15-year-old girls of different social classes. Mona narrates as a recollection for the entire novel though it is not clear how much time has passed since the events she is describing.
 The Smestow Brook sometimes called the River Smestow is a small river that plays an important part in the drainage of Wolverhampton South Staffordshire and parts of Dudley in the United Kingdom and has contributed to the industrial development of the Black Country. It is the most important tributary of the River Stour Worcestershire and part of the River Severn catchment.
 Dasht-e Gur (Persian: دشت گور‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Gūr and Dasht Gūr; also known as Dasht-e Kūr and Dasht-i-Kūr) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District Shabankareh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1061 in 209 families.
 The Cureșița River is a tributary of the Mociur River in Romania.
 Cherry is a 2010 American comedy film directed by Jeffrey Fine.
 The Coleman-Banks House also known as the James Oliver Banks House is a historic Greek Revival style house in Eutaw Alabama USA. It was built in 1847 by George W. Shauver. It was purchased by the Rhoda Coleman in 1857 and then by James Oliver Banks in 1890. The house is a two-story structure with four monumental Ionic columns spanning the front portico. It features elaborate Greek Revival doorways in the central bay of the front facade.
 Żabka [ˈʐapka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 There's Only One Jimmy Grimble is a 2000 film set around Oldham Greater Manchester England. The film centred on one young boy's dream to play for Manchester City F.C.
 Proamphiuma is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Levi Wilson Tavern is a historic building in Buffalo Township PennsylvaniaIt is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 Dr. Strange is a television film based on the Marvel Comics fictional character Dr. Strange created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko. It was both directed and written by Philip DeGuere. Stan Lee served as a consultant on the film which was created as a pilot for a proposed TV series. The movie aired on September 6 1978 in a two-hour block from 8pm to 10pm on CBS the same network that at that time aired The Amazing Spider-Man (which aired its second season premiere the day before Dr.
 Židněves is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Trichopoda is a genus of tachinid flies commonly known as the feather-legged flies or hairy-legged flies. The name comes from Greek Tricho meaning hair and poda meaning foot. They are small brightly coloured flies that congregate on flowers feeding on nectar. The halteres are covered with yellow scales and there is a fringe of flattened hairs on the hind legs.
 Fraternité English: Brotherhood is a French comedy TV film from 1954 directed by René Lucot written by Fernand Fleuret starring Julien Carette and Louis de Funès.
 The Unprecedented Defence of the Fortress Deutschkreuz (German: Die Beispiellose Verteidigung der Festung Deutschkreuz) is a 1966 short film by Werner Herzog filmed in Deutschkreuz Austria. Herzog's official website describes the film as A satire on the state of war and peace and the absurdities it inspires.In the film four men break into an abandoned castle that was the site of a battle between the Russians and Germans during World War II.
 Langendernbach (Elbbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 These Hopeful Machines is the Grammy-nominated sixth studio album by American electronic musician BT. Released on February 1 2010 the album sees collaborations with the likes of JES Rob Dickinson Christian Burns and Kirsty Hawkshaw also featuring a cover of The Ghost in You by The Psychedelic Furs. While some of the songs go beyond 10 minutes in length the album spans two discs with six tracks on each.
 Summer Sampler is an EP by American band Echosmith on Warner Bros. Records. The 3-track sampler was made available for free download via Echosmith’s website and also available for streaming on Spotify. From May 31 2013 to June 11 2013 one single per week was released as part of the sampler.The Summer Sampler Free Download campaign began on May 31 2013 with the release of Echosmith's single “Come Together.” The second song “Cool Kids” was released on June 4 2013.
 Sozusa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Brethren is a novel written by Robyn Young set in the ninth and last crusade. It was published by Hodder and Stoughton in 2006. It took her seven years to write the novel where she was intrigued by the idea of these medieval warrior monks.
 The Bride Stripped Bare is a 1978 solo album by Bryan Ferry and is his fifth album released independent of Roxy Music. It was recorded after his girlfriend Jerry Hall left him for Mick Jagger in 1977 and appears to contain references to their break-up.The album's title is taken from the Marcel Duchamp work The Bride Stripped Bare By Her Bachelors Even. Ferry had been introduced to the work as an art school student by Richard Hamilton.
 Mistah Leary – He Dead is a chapbook written by American author and journalist Hunter S. Thompson and published by the X-Ray Book Co. in 1997.The book serves as a eulogy for psychologist and psychedelic drug researcher/advocate Timothy Leary (1920–1996). It contains an obituary Thompson wrote for Leary that first appeared in Rolling Stone Magazine. The book also contains a simulated blotter sheet on which Dr.
 Haplosyllis spongicola the sponge worm is a species of polychaete worm in the family Syllidae. It was previously classified as Syllis spongicola and is part of a species complex of closely related species that are difficult to distinguish morphologically and where the demarcation between them is unclear. It is found in shallow temperate subtropical and tropical seas worldwide wherever its host sponges are found.
 The Clara F. Bacon House is located in Lodi Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Manojlovce is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 778 people.
 Jocelyne Caron (born April 23 1951) is a Canadian politician from Quebec. She was a Parti québécois Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Quebec representing Terrebonne from 1989 to 2007.
 The Măgura River is a tributary of the Bloaja River in Romania.
 Tria Tragoudia (Three Songs) is the third EP by Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki that was released in 2004. It was certified Gold by the IFPI.
 Mordacia praecox the Australian brook lamprey or nonparasitic lamprey is a freshwater species of southern topeyed lamprey that occurs in south-eastern Australia. It has a thin eel-like body around 12 to 15 cm long with two low dorsal fins on the back half. The skin is dark blue above and gray below. Its eyes are small and located on the top of its head.M. praecox is known only from the Moroya and Tuross Rivers in southern New South Wales.
 The Lek (Dutch pronunciation: [lɛk]) is a river in the western Netherlands of some 60 km in length. It is the continuation of the Nederrijn after the Kromme Rijn branches off at the town of Wijk bij Duurstede. The main westbound waterway is hereafter called the Lek River.
 The Independent is an English language Daily newspaper published in Dhaka Bangladesh. It is the only 32-page all-colour daily newspaper in Bangladesh.Its weekly supplements include: Stethoscope Young and Independent Faith The Weekend Independent Magazine Dhaka Live (daily).
 Wandering Detective: Tragedy in Red Valley (風来坊探偵　赤い谷の惨劇 Fūraibō tantei: akai tani no sangeki) (aka Duel in The Valley) is the first film to be directed by Kinji Fukasaku and the starring is Sonny Chiba. The film is black and white and the audio is mono. The film is followed up by Wandering Detective: Black Wind in the Harbor.
 Çayağzı is a village in the District of Hanak Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Szarek [ˈʂarɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 David M. Satz Jr. (January 14 1926 – December 25 2009) was an American lawyer who served as U.S. Attorney for the District of New Jersey from 1961 to 1969.
 Burned Bridges/I'm Giving Up On This One is a split EP between Kansas City Missouri bands The Get Up Kids and Coalesce. The album was released on colored vinyl in 1996 on Second Nature Recordings. There were 13 different pressings of the album with each pressing on different colored vinyl. The album is unique in that each band picked one of the other band's songs to cover in their own style.
 Nowy Krasnosielc [ˈnɔvɨ krasˈnɔɕelt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Cyclophora lyciscaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Guinea Kenya La Réunion Madagascar and South Africa.
 The Boone County Historical Center is a historic building in Boone Iowa. Constructed in 1907 as the Champlin Memorial Masonic Temple the building housed Mt. Olive Lodge No. 79 (a local chapter of the Freemasons) until 1990 (when the lodge moved to a new building). It now houses the Boone County Historical Society. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Pireh Sorkh-e Pain (Persian: پيره سرخ پائين‎ also Romanized as Pīreh Sorkh-e Pā’īn; also known as Pir-i-Surkh Pīr Sorkh Pīr Sorkh-e Pā’īn Pīr Sorkh Soflá and Seyyed Laţīf) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Trabala prasinophena is a moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in Congo.
 Mehteria is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Mostasteless is the debut album by American hip hop duo Twiztid released on November 25 1997 by Psychopathic Records. The album was reissued in 1999 with distribution by Island Records and a drastically altered track listing with new tracks added as well as tracks from the former release removed.
 Warrior Scarlet (1958) is a historical novel by Rosemary Sutcliff. It was first published by Oxford University Press and illustrated by Charles Keeping. It was soon published in the USA by Henry Z. Walck New York later in 1958.
 Handy Andy is a 1921 British silent comedy film directed by Bert Wynne and starring Peter Coleman Kathleen Vaughan and Warwick Ward.
 The Sălbăgel River is a tributary of the Spaia River in Romania. The name Sălbăgel is said to be named after a boy named Salbatore which means Savior. The myth has it that the boy saved a horse from drowning in the river. The horse belonged to the Gods. The Gods being pleased by the Salbatore awarded him by naming the river after him. However the myth is not very well known among the locals however it has been passed down generations.
 The Cargill Pool Elevator is a grain storage facility in Buffalo harbor built in the 1920s and previously named the Saskatchewan Cooperative Elevator. The elevator is the only grain elevator located on Buffalo's outer harbor.
 The Square-spot Rustic (Xestia xanthographa) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Africa Europe Northern Asia (excluding China) and North America.The species is quite variable in appearance the forewings occurring in various shades of grey or brown with melanic forms common in parts of its range. The best identifying feature is the large pale squarish stigma which gives the species its common name. The hindwings are pale to dark grey with a whitish fringe.
 Jacques Toubon (born 29 June 1941 in Nice France) is a right-wing French politician who held several major national and Parisian offices.
 The East River is a tributary of the New River 24 miles (39 km) long in southern West Virginia and southwestern Virginia in the United States.
 Jackson Park Town Site Addition Brick Row is a group of three historic houses and two frame garages located on the west side of the 300 block of South Third Street in Lander Wyoming. Two of the homes were built in 1917 and the third in 1919. The properties were added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27 2003.
 The Center of the Tokyo Raids and War Damage (東京大空襲・戦災資料センター Tōkyō Daikūshū Sensai Shiryō Sentā) is a museum in Tokyo Japan that presents information and artifacts related to the bombing of Tokyo during World War II. The museum opened in 2002 and was renovated in 2005 the 60th anniversary of the bombings. In 2012 the Center presented an exhibition of 700 previously unseen photos from the bombing.
 Jomo Kenyattapron. (~1889 – 22 August 1978) was the leader of Kenya from independence in 1963 to his death in 1978 serving first as Prime Minister (1963–64) and then as President (1964–78). He is considered the founding father of the Kenyan nation.He was a well educated intellectual who authored several books and is remembered as a Pan-Africanist.
 Psenopsis is a genus of medusafishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
 Ásta Ragnheiður Jóhannesdóttir (Icelandic: [ˈausta ˈrakn̥heiðʏr ˈjoːuhanɛstouhtɪr]; born 16 October 1949) is an Icelandic politician and was Speaker of Alþingi Iceland's parliament. She was Iceland's Minister of Social Affairs and Social Security from 1 February 2009 – 14 May 2009. She has been a member of the Alþing since 1995.
 Reed Gusciora (born March 27 1960) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 1996 where he represents the 15th Legislative District. He also serves as the prosecutor for Lawrence Township.
 Portville Free Library formerly the Smith Parish House is a historic library building located at Portville in Cattaraugus County New York. The original house was built for early Portville settler Smith Parish in 1847 as a two story three bay dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It was subsequently expanded in the 1860s with a one story one bay wing.
 Picture of You is the debut studio album by English singer-songwriter Ben Mills who finished in third place on the third series of The X Factor in December 2006. The album was released on 12 March 2007 and entered the UK Albums Chart at number three with first week sales of 63500 before dropping to number 14 the following week.
 Open is a long-form piece of music released in digital form by Yes former lead singer Jon Anderson released in 2011.
 Larch Mountain is an extinct volcano near Portland Oregon. The name is misleading as no western larch (a large deciduous coniferous tree) can be found there. It received that name when early lumbermen sold the Noble Fir wood as larch. The peak can be reached on paved Larch Mountain Road 16 miles (26 km) east of Corbett Oregon.
 Lost Tracks is a compilation album by American new wave band Missing Persons released in 2002. Compiled by former Missing Persons guitarist Warren Cuccurullo it contains a selection of previously unreleased studio and live recordings.
 A Country Cupid is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives.
 Kitson Woolen Mill also known as the Holland Thread Company building is a historic woolen mill complex located at Stroudsburg Monroe County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of four brick buildings built between 1893 and 1904. They are arranged in a U-shape and consist of the East Wing West Wing boiler house and office.
 The Journey of Man: A Genetic Odyssey is a book by Spencer Wells an American geneticist and anthropologist in which he uses techniques and theories of genetics and evolutionary biology to trace the geographical dispersal of early human migrations out of Africa. The book was made into a TV documentary in 2003.
 Buszyce [buˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Baranów 14 km (9 mi) west of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 40 km (25 mi) west of Warsaw.
 The Guard (Russian: Караул translit. Karaul) is a 1990 Soviet drama film by the Lenfilm directed by Aleksandr Rogozhkin. It was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Alfred Bauer Prize. The film is shot entirely in sepia.
 Dushyant Singh (born 11 September 1973) is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Jhalawar-Baran constituency of Rajasthan as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.He is son of last recognized titular Maharaja of Dholpur Hemnant Singh. His mother Vasundhara Raje is the Chief Minister (designate) of Rajasthan a former Union Minister. He completed his schooling at Colonel Brown Cambridge School (1989)[citation needed] and The Doon School (1991).
 Blue Ribbon Comics is the name of two American comic book anthology series the first published by the Archie Comics predecessor MLJ Magazines Inc. commonly known as MLJ Comics during the 1930s and 1940s period known as the Golden Age of Comic Books and the second published in the 1980s by Archie Comics under the Red Circle and Archie Adventure Series banners.It was also the title of a six-issue comic book published in 1949 by St. John Publications.
 Horsham Friends Meeting is a Quaker meeting house located in Horsham Pennsylvania home to Horsham Monthly Meeting. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1991-06-21. In addition to serving as a place of worship the Quaker School at Horsham is located on the meeting's grounds.
 Chennai Express /tʃɨˈnaɪ/ /ɪkˈsprɛs/ is a 2013 Indian action comedy film directed by Rohit Shetty and produced by Gauri Khan for Red Chillies Entertainment. The film features Shahrukh Khan and Deepika Padukone in lead roles; it is the second collaboration between Khan and Padukone after the 2007 blockbuster Om Shanti Om. It is about a man's journey from Mumbai to Rameshwaram and what happens along the way after he falls in love with the daughter of a local don.
 The Tokeland Hotel is the oldest resort hotel in U.S. state of Washington. It is located on Hotel Road in Tokeland. The building dates to 1885 and in 1889 opened for business as the Kindred Inn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Księżak [ˈkɕɛ̃ʐak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Tarczyn 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Piaseczno and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 The Western Pine Elfin (Callophrys eryphon) is a North American butterfly that ranges from British Columbia east to Maine and south to southern California Arizona and New Mexico. Males are brown and females are orange-brown with both having bold patterned hind wings. The top of the wings have dark bars with a lighter chevron shaped margin.
 Diaulula immaculata is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 The Lacs d'Arrémoulit is a group of lakes in Pyrénées-Atlantiques France. At an elevation of 2265 m (7431 ft) their surface area is 0.11 km2 (0 sq mi).
 Intellectual Property Watch is a Geneva based publication reporting on policy issues and influences relating to international organizations (IOs) especially those in Geneva such as the World Intellectual Property Organization World Trade Organization World Health Organization and International Telecommunication Union.
 The Forrest Block is an historic building located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Zubowszczyzna [zubɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 The Grateful Dead is the debut album of the Grateful Dead. It was recorded by Warner Bros. Records and was released in March 1967. According to bassist Phil Lesh in his autobiography Searching for the Sound: My Life with the Grateful Dead the album was released as San Francisco's Grateful Dead.
 Live Humanitarian is a live album by Mortification.
 Caenopedina indica is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Caenopedina indica was first scientifically described in 1903 by de Meijere.
 La Patrulla chiflada is a 1952 Argentine film.
 Babu Lal Marandi (born 11 January 1958) was the first Chief Minister of Jharkhand. He is the founder and national president of Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (Prajatantrik). He is the Member of Parliament from Koderma Lok Sabha constituency. He was the Minister of State Forests & Environment Govt. of India in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government.
 Building Safer Communities. Risk Governance Spatial Planning and Responses to Natural Hazards is a 2009 book edited by Urbano Fra Paleo published by IOS Press. This textbook examines the central principles of enhanced risk governance whose implementation might help to mitigate the increasing losses caused by natural hazards.
 Calvin Smyre (born May 17 1947) is a Democratic member of the Georgia House of Representatives representing the 132nd district since 1974. From Columbus Georgia Smyre became the youngest member of the Georgia House of Representatives when he was elected to it at the age of 26 in 1974.
 Mopungchuket is an Ao village in Mokokchung District in the state of Nagaland in India.The village is associated with legends such as the romantic story of Jina and Etiben called the Romeo and Juliet of the Ao Naga tribes. A tower commemorating this story is a prominent feature of the village.At the vicinity of the village is a lake with boating facility and guesthouse. Time-Pillar village museum morungs and monuments are worth visiting.
 Cleostratus is a lunar crater near the northwest limb of the Moon. It lies to the northeast of the crater Xenophanes and west-southwest of the prominent Pythagoras. From the Earth this crater appears highly elongated due to foreshortening.The rim of this crater has become soft-shouldered due to steady impact erosion and the formation is now just a depression in the surface surrounded by an eroded rise.
 The rainbow sardine (Dussumieria acuta) is a bony fish important to aquaculture and commercial fisheries.
 Eleutherodactylus devillei is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and tundra.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Baboia River or Eruga River is a tributary of the Desnățui River in Romania.
 Masticophis flagellum flagellum commonly known as the Eastern coachwhip is a subspecies of M. flagellum a nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to the southern United States.
 The Valea Fetii River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Zelinja Srednja is a village in the municipality of Gradačac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Nose from Jupiter is a humorous novel written by Canadian author Richard Scrimger. It follows the adventures of a 13-year-old boy who has an alien residing in his nose. It is the first book in this series - the other books are A Nose for Adventure Noses are Red and The Boy from Earth.
 Ulotrichopus tinctipennis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the tropical parts of south west and east Africa north to Sudan Egypt Israel Jordan and the Arabian Peninsula.There is one generation per year. Adults are on wing from December to April.
 Anadia is a genus of lizards.
 Atkinson Hall also known as American Legion Hall Shearer Post #350 is a building in Geneseo Illinois. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Auchmerus trachys is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Auchmerus.
 Dragon Fighter is a Sci Fi Pictures original film that premiered on January 4 2003 and was directed by Phillip J. Roth. It stars Dean Cain and Kristine Byers.
 Peace Bridge (2007) is the fourth album from John & Mary their first with the Valkyries.
 Antoninów [antɔˈɲinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Biała Rawska 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mordellistena minor is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1937.
 Kosewo [kɔˈsɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Harlan Harmon Bo Holleman (January 23 1927—March 12 1982) was a farmer and seed merchant from Wynne the seat of Cross County in eastern Arkansas and a pioneer in the development of the modern Republican Party in his home state. He was the Arkansas state GOP chairman from December 6 1980 until his death some sixteen months later.
 The Flammulated Flycatcher (Deltarhynchus flammulatus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family and is the only species in the monotypic genus Deltarhynchus although it is closely related to the birds of the genus Myiarchus. It is endemic to the dry deciduous forest arid thorn forest and scrubby woodland of Mexico’s Pacific coast. The flycatcher is an olive to gray-brown bird with a streaked pale gray chest white throat black bill dark gray feet and dark brown wings.
 Alexander Alexi Giannoulias (/əˈlɛksi dʒəˈnuːli.əs/ or jeh-NOO-lee-us) (born March 16 1976) is an American politician who served as Illinois Treasurer from 2007 to 2011.
 Agallissus lepturoides is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Chevrolat in 1844. It is known from Texas USA Mexico and Honduras.
 Fort Mattapony is a historic archaeological site located near Walkerton King and Queen County Virginia. It sits on the second rise over-looking both Walkerton and Locust Grove. This fortification was built about 1653 and was to house 40 well equipped soldiers and horses. A 10-square-foot building was also constructed to house their ammunition. It was laid out by Edward Digges and was commanded by Major Thomas Walker who patented Locust Grove.
 The East Asia Law Review is an academic journal focusing on legal issues concerning East Asia published by an organization of J.D. and LL.M. students at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. One or two issues are published in each volume with an occasional additional issue reprinting papers from a symposium held by the East Asia Law Review. In its 2010-2011 cycle it will publish its sixth volume.
 Liaoxisaurus is a genus of simodeosaurid choristodere a type of crocodile-like aquatic reptile. It is known from a partial specimen found in Aptian-age Lower Cretaceous rocks of the Jiufotang Formation Chaoyang Liaoning China. Liaoxisaurus was named in 2005 by Gao Chunling and colleagues. The type species is L. chaoyangensis.
 St Martin Pomary was a parish church in the Cheap ward of the City of London. It was also known as St Martin Ironmonger Lane.
 Do Chattane is a 1974 Bollywood action film directed by G. H. Sarin.
 Skidlewo [skidˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Józefowo [juzɛˈfɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lubicz and 15 km (9 mi) east of Toruń.
 Attacus caesar is a moth from the Saturniidae family. Attacus caesar lives in south Philippines.
 Zeitschrift für Naturforschung C: A Journal of Biosciences (often abbreviated Z. Naturforsch. C) is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal. The journal covers all areas of animal and plant physiology all aspects of biochemistry neurobiology virology and molecular genetics; historically contributions were accepted in either German or English but the current requirement is for manuscripts to be written in English.
 Godric (ISBN 0-06-061162-6) is a novel published in 1981 written by Frederick Buechner that tells the semi-fictionalised life story of medieval Catholic saint Godric of Finchale. The novel was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize.Godric is told in Saint Godric's own voice: Buechner intentionally uses style tone and word choice to evoke a mediaeval manner of speaking.
 Anything for Her (French: Pour elle) is a 2008 French thriller film starring Diane Kruger and Vincent Lindon and is the directorial debut of Fred Cavayé. The film was remade in the United States in 2010 as The Next Three Days.
 Naan Sigappu Manithan (English: I am a Red Man) is a 1985 Tamil film directed by S.A. Chandrasekhar. The film stars Rajinikanth Sathyaraj Bhagyaraj Ambika in lead roles with music by Ilaiyaraja. This was remade by B.R. Chopra's Aaj Ki Awaaz (1986). Sinhala film Veera Udara (1990) is a remake of this film.
 Pedinoida is an order of sea urchins containing the single living genus Caenopedina. The group was much more diverse during the Mesozoic and represents the oldest surviving order of euechinoid sea urchins.They are distinguished from other sea urchins by the presence of a rigid test with tessellated plates.
 I Want Your Money is a 2010 American documentary film by filmmaker Ray Griggs. It contrasts Barack Obama to Ronald Reagan.
 Astroscopus countermani is an extinct species of stargazer described from a cranium found in Tortonian deposits of the Calvert Cliffs of what is now Maryland. A. countermani is very similar to its living relatives.
 Formica pallidefulva is a species of ant found in North America. It is a red to dark brown ant with a shiny body and varies in shade across its range. Colonies of this ant are found in a variety of habitats where they excavate underground nests with galleries and chambers. In some parts of its range the nests may be raided by slave-making ants most notably Formica pergandei and Polyergus montivagus.
 Nurabad (Persian: نوراباد‎ also Romanized as Nūrābād) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 42 families.
 The Brown Journal of World Affairs is an American magazine of foreign policy and international relations published biannually at Brown University. It was founded in 1993 as the Brown Journal of Foreign Affairs by Daniel Cruise Alex Scribner and Michael Soussan. The magazine features essays written by world leaders policy makers and prominent academics.
 Fiona Patten is leader of the Australian Sex Party and a former sex worker. She is also the CEO of the Eros Association.Sex is deeply rooted in the lives of all Australians. It is relevant to hundreds of pieces of legislation made around the country.If you're sick of being preached at by wowser and chauvinistic politicians join the Australian Sex Party.
 City Square House is a 156-metre (512 ft) tower block in Leeds West Yorkshire England.This central site adjacent to the city railway station has been cleared of the previous six storey building and while awaiting development was sold in 2005 for £11m from previous developers AWG Developments to the McAleer and Rushe Group who intend to speculatively proceed with the scheme.An earlier design for a traditional and modern looking 10 storey office building has recently been superseded by a revised 14 storey scheme with a more modern full height glass facade. 
 Lost at Sea: The Jon Ronson Mysteries is a 2012 book by Jon Ronson which highlights and further elaborates many of Ronson's magazine articles.
 Kalahu (Persian: كلاهو‎ also Romanized as Kalāhū) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 69 families.
 The Lopez Museum is a Philippine art and history museum and library located in Pasig City Philippines at the ground floor of the Benpres Building Exchange Road corner Meralco Avenue Pasig City.
 Pat's Hubba Hubba is a late-night greasy spoon chili restaurant located at 24 North Main Street in the village of Port Chester in Westchester County New York. Near the New York and Connecticut border Hubba's caters to the local bar scene by staying open until 5:00am on the weekends and at least 3:00am on weeknights.
 David Robert Peterson PC O.Ont (born December 28 1943) was the 20th Premier of the Province of Ontario Canada from June 26 1985 to October 1 1990. He was the first Liberal premier of Ontario in 42 years.Peterson is married to actress Shelley Peterson and is the younger brother of Jim Peterson formerly a federal Liberal MP and cabinet minister.
 The Făgărășel River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. The river was the source of water for the moat of the Făgăraș citadel. At present the river is channelized and crosses the central part of the city of Făgăraş.
 The Sheeffry Hills or Sheeffry Mountains (from Irish: Cnoic Shíofra meaning hills of the wraith) is a range of hills in County Mayo Ireland. It is bounded to the west by Glencullin Lough and Doolough; to the south by Glenummera and Tawnyard Lough; to the east by Owenmore Glen and to the north by the Bunowen River.The highest peak is Barrclashcame (772 m).
 No Babies Wanted is a 1928 silent film domestic drama released under the alternative title The Baby Mother. It starred child actress Priscilla Moran (b. 1917) and seasoned silent veteran William V. Mong as her grandfather. It is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Lake Acworth is a 90-acre (36 ha) artificial lake located southwest of the city of Acworth Georgia. It is located in the extreme northwestern part of Cobb County. The lake impounds Proctor Creek (not the same as Proctor Creek in nearby Atlanta) and outflows into Lake Allatoona. The low dam is at the point where State Route 92 (Lake Acworth Drive) crosses. (34.0584°N 84.693°W﻿ / 34.0584; -84.693) The city operates Acworth Beach a public beach and park along the northern shore of the lake.
 Ratha's Challenge is the fourth book in The Books of the Named series of young adult prehistoric fiction novels by Clare Bell. It is the typical book.
 Amen is the third studio album from Malian artist Salif Keita. It was released in 1991 by Mango and produced by Joe Zawinul.
 Taltos (1994) is the title of the third novel in the trilogy Lives of the Mayfair Witches written by Anne Rice.
 Stuart Adams is the Senator for the Utah State Senate's 22nd District. Adams was appointed to the Utah House of Representatives in 2002 and then to the Senate in 2009. In 2012 he was chosen to be Senate Majority Whip.
 Bagby Guard Station is a rustic cabin located in the Mount Hood National Forest in western Oregon United States. It is adjacent to Bagby Hot Springs. The guard station was originally built to house fire crews assigned to patrol the surrounding National Forest. The Bagby Guard Station is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Paulo Zucula (born 1955) is a Mozambican politician and Mozambique's Minister of Transportation and Communication since March 2008.
 Goodbye is an album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson recorded in 1973 (with one track from 1972) and released on the CTI label.
 Repulsion is a 1965 British psychological horror film directed by Roman Polanski and starring Catherine Deneuve Ian Hendry John Fraser and Yvonne Furneaux. The screenplay was based on a scenario by Gérard Brach and Polanski. The plot focuses on a young woman left alone by her vacationing sister at their apartment who begins reliving traumas of her past in horrific ways.
 Gene Italiano is American singer Gene Pitney's eighth album and first foreign language album released on the Musicor label in 1964. The album features a number of Pitney's biggest early hits recorded in Italian including Twenty Four Hours From Tulsa Town Without Pity and Only Love Can Break a Heart.
 Qulanlu-ye Olya (Persian: قولانلوعليا‎ also Romanized as Qūlānlū-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Qūlānlū-ye Bālā) is a village in Takmaran Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 61 families.
 The Doba River is a tributary of the Crişul Mic River in Romania.
 Sośninka [sɔɕˈniŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 km (9 mi) south of Garwolin and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 400.
 Make Love Not War: The Sexual Revolution: An Unfettered History is a 2001 book by David Allyn. The book documents the history of sexual revolution that took place in the United States in the 1960s.
 Middle Palisade Glacier consists of two glaciers in the Sierra Nevada mountains in the U.S. state of California. Less than .25-mile (0.40 km) southeast of Norman Clyde Glacier and situated at an altitude of 12700 feet (3900 m) Middle Palisade Glacier is in the John Muir Wilderness of Inyo National Forest. 14012-foot (4271 m) Middle Palisade is immediately west of the glacier.
 The Anti-Chomsky Reader is a 2004 critique of the political and linguistic writings of Noam Chomsky. Several authors contributed to it under the editorship of Peter Collier and David Horowitz.
 Houldsworth Working Men's Club is a club Stockport Greater Manchester England (grid reference SJ895935). Designed by the famed Alfred Waterhouse and completed in the late 19th Century it is still used as a working men's club today. An important local structure it is now a Grade II* listed building.
 Spray Lakes Reservoir is a reservoir in Alberta Canada. The Spray Lakes were a string of lakes formed along the Spray River a tributary of the Bow River. With the damming of the river the lakes were united in the Spray Lakes Reservoir.
 Bonygutt Brook is a tributary of Green Brook in Union and Middlesex Counties New Jersey in the United States.Bonygutt Brook flows from the city of Plainfield to Middlesex.
 Mount Watatic is a 1832 foot (558 m) monadnock located on the Massachusetts-New Hampshire border at the southern end of the Wapack Range of mountains. It lies within Ashburnham Massachusetts Ashby Massachusetts and New Ipswich New Hampshire; the 22 miles (35 km) Wapack Trail and the 92 miles (148 km) Midstate Trail both cross the mountain.
 Kajabad (Persian: كج اباد‎ also Romanized as Kajābād) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 11 families.
 Lullaby is a documentary film by Adi Arbel that interviews both Palestinian and Israeli mothers whose children have been killed as a result of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
 As U Were is a 2010 album by Lyrics Born released on Decon Records and Mobile Home Recordings on October 26 2010.The album has two proper singles Pushed Aside/Pulled Apart featuring Lateef the Truth Speaker and Lies X 3.A third track Something Better featuring Francis and the Lights was leaked on the internet in August 2010.
 Essen Minster (German: Essener Münster) since 1958 also Essen Cathedral (Essener Dom) is the seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Essen the Diocese of the Ruhr founded in 1958. The church dedicated to Saints Cosmas and Damian and the Blessed Virgin Mary stands on the Burgplatz in the centre of the city of Essen.The minster was formerly the collegiate church of Essen Abbey founded in about 845 by Altfrid Bishop of Hildesheim around which the city of Essen grew up.
 Transtillaspis cinifera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela.The length of the forewings is 9.5-10.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish grey the basal half suffused with ash grey and the apical third with dark grey. The hindwings are pale brownish cream and cream white in the basal area.
 Hatchet Lake is a remote lake in north-eastern Saskatchewan Canada. In 1963 the Hatchet Lake Lodge was constructed on Sandy Island one of the Island on Hatchet Lake. Hatchet Lake Lodge is a fly-in fishing lodge.The lake is served by the Hatchet Lake Airport and Hatchet Lake Water Aerodrome both operated by the Hatchet Lake Lodge.
 René Lavoie (July 24 1921 – December 12 2000) was a Canadian politician from Quebec.
 The High Above and the Down Below is the seventh studio album by contemporary folk singer–songwriter Cliff Eberhardt. It was released on Red House Records on April 10 2007. It is Eberhardt's first album in five years and follows a lengthly recovery from serious injuries Eberhardt suffered in a 2002 auto accident.
 The Last Mountain is a feature-length documentary film directed by Bill Haney and produced by Haney Clara Bingham and Eric Grunebaum. The film premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival and went into general release on June 3 2011. The film explores the consequences of mining and burning coal with a particular focus on the use of a method for coal strip-mining in Appalachia commonly known as mountaintop removal mining.Based in part on Robert F.
 Martians Go Home is a science fiction comic novel written by Fredric Brown and published by E. P. Dutton in 1955. The novel concerns a writer who witnesses an alien invasion of Earth by boorish little green men from Mars.
 Tungusichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Triassic epoch.
 East Fork San Juan River is a tributary of the San Juan River in southern Colorado in the United States. The stream flows from the confluence of Crater Creek and Elwood Creek in Mineral County to a confluence with the West Fork San Juan River in Archuleta County that forms the San Juan River.
 Mamangkhe is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1206 people living in 198 individual households.
 Mt. Olivet Episcopal Church and Cemetery is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal Church building and its adjoining cemetery located at 335 Main Street in Pineville Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 22 2000. Mt. Olivet is no longer a parish church and is now Mount Olivet Chapel. Its parish hall is now the Diocesan House of the Episcopal Diocese of Western Louisiana.
 Western Skies is Roddy Frame's third solo album and was released on 1 May 2006.
 Chachakumani (composed of Quechua chachakuma a medical plant and -ni an Aymara nominal suffix to indicate ownership hispanicized spelling Chachacomani) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real of the Andes Mountains east of Lake Titicaca in Bolivia. Said to be one of the least climbed peaks in the Cordillera Real the mountain has an elevation of 6074 metres (19928 ft) above sea level.
 The Rosenlaui Glacier (German: Rosenlauigletscher) is a 5-km-long glacier (2005) situated in the Bernese Alps in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 6.14 km2.
 Be-Bop High School (ビー・バップ・ハイスクール Bī Bappu Hai Sukūru) is a manga series by Kazuhiro Kiuchi that was published in sequential parts in the magazine Young Magazine from 1983 onwards. It has been adapted into seven live-action films a video game and an OVA anime series.
 Cufeu is a village in the Oio Region of northern Guinea-Bissau. It is located west of Alabato.
 Heliaeschna trinervulata is a species of dragonfly in family Aeshnidae. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of the Congo Malawi Mozambique Tanzania Uganda Zambia and possibly Nigeria. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Rittenhouse Square is one of the five original open-space parks planned by William Penn and his surveyor Thomas Holme during the late 17th century in central Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The park cuts off 19th Street at Walnut Street and also at a half block above Manning Street. Its boundaries are 18th Street to the East Walnut St.
 Legendary Assassin (Chinese: 狼牙之阿布 is a 2008 Hong Kong action film directed by Wu Jing in his directorial debut who also starred in the lead role and also features fight choreography by Nicky Li. The film also marks the screen debut of singer songwriter and model Celina Jade (daughter of Snake in the Eagle's Shadow and Game of Death II film star Roy Horan). Wu stars as a mysterious martial artist who become a female cop's prime suspect in a murder investigation.
 Charaxes hadrianus Hadrian’s White Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast south-western Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and western Uganda. The habitat consists of wet primary forests.The larvae feed on Ouratea reticulata and Ochna species.
 Lucky Luciano is a 1973 American crime drama film directed by Francesco Rosi. It stars Gian Maria Volonté and Vincent Gardenia. It was shown as part of the Cannes Classics section of the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
 Les Gaz mortels is a 1916 silent French film directed by Abel Gance.
 The Little Swan River is a 13.9-mile-long (22.4 km) tributary of the Swan River of central Minnesota United States. It is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
 The Alvin Clark was a schooner which was constructed in 1847 and sank in Green Bay in 1864. It was salvaged in 1969 and moored in Menominee Michigan at the Mystery Ship Seaport located in the Menominee River at the foot of Sixth Avenue. The ship was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1972 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 High Crime (Italian: La polizia incrimina la legge assolve) also known by its UK video title The Marseilles Connection is a 1973 poliziottesco film directed by Enzo G. Castellari. The film stars Franco Nero James Whitmore Delia Boccardo and Fernando Rey.High Crime was a big success at the time of its release and helped popularize the Italian cop thriller genre.
 Kaerepere is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Subaşı Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Diego Bossio (born September 9 1979) is an Argentine economist appointed Executive Director of ANSES the national social insurance agency.
 Terry David Jones (June 13 1938 - March 21 2014) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 to 1985 as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.
 Bolma rugosa is a species of large sea snail with a calcareous operculum a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Tudor Creek is one of two main water bodies separating Mombasa Island (and the city of Mombasa) from the Kenyan mainland (the other body being Kilindini Harbour).Before the estuary into the Indian Ocean the tidal creek passes under the Nyali Bridge and is bordered to the west by the Makupa Causeway.The source of the river that becomes the creek is near the town of Mariakani approximately 20 miles (32 km) north-west of Mombasa.
 The Dartmouth Jack-O-Lantern (also known as the Jacko) is a college humor magazine founded at Dartmouth College in 1908.The Jacko publishes print issues approximately four times a year as well as regularly updated online content and occasional video productions. The magazine devotes one publication cycle each year to a parody of the campus newspaper The Dartmouth.One of the magazine's oldest traditions is Stockman's Dogs. In the October 1934 issue F.C.
 Boreotrophon rotundatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Ambalaseri is a village in Tuticorin District in the southern region of Tamil Nadu India. The village has a population of roughly 1500 people. Two small lakes are near the village; one is on the southern side and another on the northern side of the village. Rice dal peanuts and bananas are the main agricultural products. St. Jebastin church is located in the centre of the village. The village is said to be categorized into two divisions.
 Pieter Willem Botha DMS (12 January 1916 – 31 October 2006) commonly known as P. W. and Die Groot Krokodil (Afrikaans for The Big Crocodile) was the leader of South Africa from 1978 to 1989 serving as the last Prime Minister from 1978 to 1984 and the first executive State President from 1984 to 1989.First elected to Parliament in 1948 Botha was an outspoken opponent of black majority rule and international communism.
 Showkatabad (Persian: شوكت آباد‎ also Romanized as Showḵatābād; also known as Shokat Abad) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 341 in 68 families.
 The Scale-eye plaice Acanthopsetta nadeshnyi is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae. It is a demersal fish that lives at depths from between 18 metres (59 ft) to 900 metres (3000 ft). It can reach 46 centimetres (18 in) in length and can weigh up to 1.2 kilograms (2.6 lb). Its native habitat is the northern Pacific primarily from the Sea of Okhotsk to Japan and Korea though it is also found in the Bering Sea.
 Asteronotus mimeticus is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.
 Ragalaipuram is a 2013 Indian Tamil drama film directed by Mano which is a remake of the 1991 Malayalam film Aanaval Mothiram. The film features Karunas Angana Roy and Sanjana Singh in the lead roles with Kovai Sarala and Delhi Ganesh playing other pivotal characters. The film opened to mixed reviews upon release on October 18 2013.
 Łukowo [wuˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Oborniki and 26 km (16 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 David F. Myers (July 18 1938 – November 11 2011) was a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma. He was a member of the Oklahoma Senate representing an electoral district that includes Alfalfa Garfield Grant Kay and Noble counties.Myers retired from ConocoPhillips in Ponca City where he worked as a chemical engineer in the oil refining industry for 33 years. Until his death he worked as an independent consultant for the oil industry.
 Cavalier Youth is the fourth full length record from English alternative rock band You Me at Six. The album was released on 26 January 2014 through Virgin Records in the UK Australia and New Zealand. The first and lead single Lived a Lie was released on 2 September 2013 The track also featured in the football video game FIFA 14. This was followed up by the second single Fresh Start Fever which was released with a music video on 3 December 2013.
 The Shadow is a 1933 British mystery film directed by George A. Cooper and starring Henry Kendall Elizabeth Allan and Felix Aylmer.
 Aakrosh (English: Anger) is a 1998 Bollywood action crime film directed by Lateef Binny starring Sunil Shetty and Shilpa Shetty. The FIlm was a Success at the Box Office
 The Kirkland Lookout Ground House (Guard Station) located east of Joseph Creek in the Wallowa–Whitman National Forest near Joseph Oregon was built in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Ulochora is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Ultrasound in Emergency Care is a radiology book for emergency physicians and staff. It is meant to be a guide to the use of ultrasound and interpretation of scans in emergency situations.Some of the chapters in the book cover the following subjects: History of Ultrasound in Emergencies The Physics of Ultrasound Image Acquisition and Artefacts and Ultrasound for Bony Trauma.
 Erilusa is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Jackson Branch Bridge No. 15 also known as the Tecumseh Railroad Bridge due to its close proximity to the city of Tecumseh is a historic railway deck truss bridge that spans the River Raisin in rural Raisin Charter Township in Lenawee County Michigan.
 Wong Kwok-kin BBS (黃國健; Yale: Wòhng Gwok Gihn; born May 1952) is the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong representing the Kowloon East constituency.He is chairman of the Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions and the member of the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong.
 Dziarnowo [d͡ʑarˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Płock and 100 km (62 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Kahl is a 1961 West German short documentary film about the Kahl Nuclear Power Plant. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Second Annual Collection (ISBN 0-312-94484-5) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 1985. It is the 2nd in The Year's Best Science Fiction series.
 Addison Peale Russell (September 8 1826 – July 24 1912) was an American author of the later nineteenth century. He is remembered mainly for his Sub-Coelum — his best book...a Utopian protest against materialistic socialism.Russell was born in Ohio; his formal education ended with grammar school. At the age of sixteen he took a job as a printer for a newspaper; by nineteen he had worked his way up to editor and publisher of the Hillsboro Ohio News.
 My Girl is a 1991 American drama film directed by Howard Zieff and written by Laurice Elehwany. The film depicts the coming-of-age of a young girl who faces many different emotional highs and lows and stars Macaulay Culkin and Anna Chlumsky in her feature film debut. The film also stars Dan Aykroyd and Jamie Lee Curtis who also previously starred together in 1983's Trading Places. A sequel My Girl 2 was released in 1994.
 Nool Veli is a 1979 Tamil film starring Sarath Babu and Sujatha. The film was a bi-lingual shot simultaneously in Telugu as Guppedu Manasu. Kamal Haasan plays a guest role in this film.
 Holy Trinity Roman Catholic Church Complex is a historic Polish Roman Catholic church located at Niagara Falls in Niagara County New York. The complex was constructed between 1906 and 1914 and consists of the church school rectory convent and garage. The church is built of random course stone walls and has a steeply pitched slate shingled gable roof.
 The Legend of Qu'appelle Valley is a poem written by E. Pauline Johnson that tells the tale of a young Indian who upon returning from a hunting trip hears a voice. He replies: Qu'appelle or who calls but receives no answer save his echo. When he does return he discovers that the young woman he was to marry died suddenly and with her dying breath cried out his name. And thus the Qu'appelle Valley received its name.
 St Paul’s Church is situated within the English city of Sheffield on Wordsworth Avenue in the northern suburb of Parson Cross. St Paul’s is a modern looking post war church which has been designated as a Grade II listed building.
 Wide Awake is a 1998 comedy-drama film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan and produced by Cathy Konrad and Cary Woods. The film stars Denis Leary Dana Delany Joseph Cross and Rosie O'Donnell. Wide Awake also features Julia Stiles in one of her earliest roles as the main character's teenage sister Neena.Although it was made in 1995 the film was not released until 1998. The script was written in 1991.
 Yulton Lake situated 4 km east of Cay Volcano and 15 km east of Maca Volcano is a volcano-dammed lake in Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region Chile.
 Phrynopus pesantesi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Elevation is a live album by American saxophonist and composer Pharoah Sanders featuring one track recorded in the studio released on the Impulse! label.
 Lusina [luˈɕina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Pasco Middleton Bowman II (born 1933) is a senior federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. A former Fulbright scholar Bowman was born in Harrisonburg Virginia and grew up in New Market and Timberville Virginia. He graduated from New Market High School and in 1955 received a B.A. in English from Bridgewater College in Bridgewater Virginia. He took his J.D.
 The Wonderful and Frightening World Of... is an album by The Fall released in October 1984. It was the band's first album with the relatively large Beggars Banquet label and was produced by John Leckie. Paul Hanley left the band immediately after the accompanying UK tour ending the group's distinctive twin drummers period. Three older songs were returned to during these sessions.
 Jagodziny [jaɡɔˈd͡ʑinɨ] (German: Ketzwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Dąbrówno 25 km (16 mi) south of Ostróda and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 150.
 My Life My Way is the tenth full-length studio album from New York hardcore band Agnostic Front released on March 4 2011. This album was recorded at Mana Recording Studio in Tampa Florida by Erik Rutan and produced by Freddy Cricien of Madball who is the half-brother of Agnostic Front frontman Roger Miret.
 Óscar Diego Gestido Pose (Montevideo Uruguay 28 November 1901 – Montevideo December 6 1967) was president of Uruguay in 1967.
 Gongjaksan is a mountain in the county of Hongcheon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 887 m (2910 ft).
 The Church of St. Demetrius (Croatian: Crkva svetog Dimitrija Serbian Cyrillic: Црква светог Димитрија) in Dalj is a Serbian Orthodox church in Dalj in eastern Croatia. Church of St. Demetrius is cathedral of Eparchy of Osječko polje and Baranja. First church on this site was built in 1715 and present church was built in 1799. Church of St. Demetrius is the largest cathedral of Serbian Orthodox Church in Croatia.
 The Natural II is the ninth studio album by rapper Haystak. It was released on May 12 2009. The album peaked on the Billboard 200 R&B/Hip-Hop Albums at 47 42 on the Independent Albums and 20 on the Rap Albums.
 Han Myeong-sook (born March 24 1944; Korean: 한명숙 [han mjʌŋsʰuk]) was the Prime Minister of South Korea from April 2006 to March 2007. She is South Korea's first female prime minister. She was from the United New Democratic Party (UNDP) as a member of the Korean National Assembly (representative) for Ilsan-gab and is a graduate of Ewha Womans University in Seoul with a degree in French literature.
 Boss is an action packed 2011 Kannada-language film directed by R. Raghuraj who turns into direction from Photo-journalism. Darshan (Actor) and Navya Nair are the lead pair of the film. V. Harikrishna has composed the music for the film. This film also features popular Tamil actor Prabhu Ganesan essaying the role of a CBI officer.but film failed to become success in boxoffice. Later it Was Dubbed in Hindi as Double Boss
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Rahmat Rural District Seyyedan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 54 families.
 Journey Through the Impossible (French: Voyage à travers l’impossible) is an 1882 fantasy play written by Jules Verne with the collaboration of Adolphe d'Ennery. A stage spectacular in the féerie tradition it is deeply influenced by Verne's own Voyages Extraordinaires series and includes characters and themes from some of his most famous novels.The play premiered in Paris at the Théâtre de la Porte Saint-Martin on 25 November 1882 and ran for 97 performances.
 When Eight Bells Toll is a first-person narrative novel written by Scottish author Alistair MacLean and published in 1966. It marked MacLean's return after a three-year gap following the publication of Ice Station Zebra. It combines the genres of spy novel and detective novel. MacLean calls on his own Scottish background to authentically portray the rugged weather people and terrain of western Scotland.
 Milk It: The Best of Death in Vegas is a compilation album by Death in Vegas released on February 7 2005 in the UK and on February 23 2005 in Japan. Disc one is a collection of some of the band's best album tracks while disc two is a bonus disc of remixes. The album was not released in the US.
 Pizzo Bellavista is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 3922 metres.it:Pizzo Bellavista
 Charles Tatgenhorst Jr. (August 19 1883 – January 13 1961) was a U.S.
 Brian Moore (born 2 January 1962) is a member of the Iowa House of Representatives first elected in 2010.As of January 2013 Moore serves on several committees in the Iowa House - the Agriculture Economic Growth and Ways and Means committees as well as the Transportation Infrastructure and Capitals Appropriations budget subcommittee. He serves as the Vice Chair of the Transportation committee.
 Baron Miklós Vay de Vaja et Laskod (29 April 1802 – 13 May 1894) was a Hungarian politician who served as Speaker of the House of Magnates between 1888 and 1894 his death.
 Atethmia sinuata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Iran.
 K. B. Blues is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1957 and originally released on the Japanese Blue Note label in 1979. The tracks were reissued on CD as part of Introducing Kenny Burrell: The First Blue Note Sessions but incorrectly identified as being recorded in 1956.
 The Julesburg Advocate is a Weekly newspaper in Julesburg Colorado. It is published by Prairie Mountain Publishing a unit of MediaNews Group.
 La Discoteca del amor is a 1980 Argentine film written and directed by Adolfo Aristarain.
 María Magdalena is a 1954 Argentine film.
 Tori Koro (トリコロ) (aka. Tricolo) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hai Ran. The manga was serialised in Hobunsha's Manga Time Kirara until 2005 when it was discontinued. Media Works's Dengeki Daioh started to serialised the manga in June 2006. The manga is published in Japan by Hobunsha and is licensed in North America by DrMaster.
 Dead Man Falling is a crime novel by the American writer Randall Silvis.Set in 1990s in the Allegheny National Forest of Western Pennsylvania on the upper Allegheny River Valley including the Kinzua Dam north Pittsburgh it tells the story of wildlife filmmaker Mac Parris who has spent most of his adult life hiding from the FBI and his own past as he helps a young woman find her brother's killer.
 Medicine Hat Mall is a shopping mall located in Medicine Hat Alberta Canada. It is located in the southern portion of the city.The mall has more than 100 stores and services including The Bay Target Sears Safeway and Galaxy Cinemas.
 All Money Is Legal (A. M. I. L.) is the debut album by Amil. The album debuted at number forty-five on the US Billboard 200 chart with first-week sales of 29000 copies. Lyrically Amil impressed many of her fans with the song Smile 4 Me where she turns her personal struggles into a heartfelt rhyme. On I Got That featuring Beyoncé Amil raps about independent women who do not need men to help them in life. Labelmate Jay-Z adds his lyrical parts on a number of songs including the male vs.
 Wólka Nosowska [ˈvulka nɔˈsɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kornica within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Łosice and 137 km (85 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Große Ohe is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The William H. Phipps House is located in Hudson Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Bernhardt Esau (born 9 December 1957 in Swakopmund) is a Namibian politician. A member of the South West Africa People's Organization Esau has been a member of the National Assembly since being chosen by President Sam Nujoma in 1995. He has also been the Deputy Ministry of Trade and Industry since 1999.
 Blackpool Central Mosque and Islamic Community Centre is a Mosque in Blackpool Lancashire England.
 The Begijnhof Chapel dedicated to Saint John and Saint Ursula is a Roman Catholic chapel run by the Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament in the St Nicholas Parish of Amsterdam. It is located in a former schuilkerk in the Begijnhof across from its original location the English Reformed Church Amsterdam. The Miracle of Amsterdam is commemorated yearly with a procession starting from this church.
 The Chin Hills are a range of mountains in Chin State northwestern Burma (Myanmar) that extends northward into India's Manipur state. They are part of the Arakan Mountain Range (Arakan Yoma). The highest peak in the Chin Hills is Nat Ma Taung or Khonumthung (Mount Victoria) in southern Chin State which reaches 3053 meters (10500 feet). The Chin Hills-Arakan Yoma montane forests ecoregion has diverse forests with pine camellia and teak.
 Geladaindong Peak (also spelled Geladandong Geladaintong or Kolha Dardong) is a snow-covered mountain (or massif) located in southwestern Qinghai province of China near the border of Tibet. It is the tallest mountain in the Tanggula Mountain Range of the Tibetan Plateau with an elevation of 6621 metres (21722 ft) above sea level. The source of the Yangtze River begins with glaciers on its surface.The mountain's name is Geladaindong in the Tibetan language.
 McLeod Plantation is located at 325 Country Club Drive. on James Island South Carolina near the intersection of Folly and Maybank Roads.
 Naseema Mohamed (Also known as Mas'odi Naseema Mohamed Kaleyfān) was the former First Lady of the Maldives (1968–1978) and the third wife of former President Ibrahim Nasir. After Ibrahim Nasir went into self-exile to Singapore on 7 December 1978 Naseema continued to live in Male' and worked as a historian for the National Centre for Linguistic and Historic Research. She has written extensively on early Maldivian history and the Dhivehi language. Currently working for Dhivehi Bahuge Academy
 Sir Patrick Linton Allen ON GCMG CD (born 7 February 1951) is the Governor-General of Jamaica.
 Tōeizan Kan'ei-ji Endon-in (東叡山寛永寺円頓院) (also spelled Kan'eiji or Kaneiji) is a Tendai Buddhist temple in Tokyo Japan founded in 1625 during the Kan'ei era by Tenkai in an attempt to emulate the powerful religious center Enryaku-ji in Kyoto.
 Justin Case is a 1988 television movie by Blake Edwards. George Carlin stars as a private investigator named Justin Case. Justin is found dead in his office by Jennifer Spalding (Molly Hagan) who is an out of work dancer there for an interview for a secretary/receptionist position.
 Lake Monowai is a large lake (31 km²) in the southern part of Fiordland National Park in New Zealand's South Island 120 kilometres northwest of Invercargill. At an altitude of 180 metres in a long curved valley the lake appears on maps shaped like a letter U. The western part of the lake is set in beautiful mountainous country. It is drained in the northeast by the short Monowai River which enters the Waiau River eight kilometres to the northeast.
 Frankenstein's Aunt is a novel by Allan Rune Pettersson that was first published in Sweden in 1978.The story is about Hannah Frankenstein the Baron's aunt who comes to Frankenstein's Castle to put it back in order following the chaos caused by her nephew's experiments. There she meets the unusual inhabitants of the castle which apart from Frankenstein's monster also include Count Dracula and Larry Talbot the werewolf.
 Ashi Hi Banwa Banwi (Devnagari: अशी ही बनवा बनवी) is a comedy Marathi film directed by Sachin Pilgaonkar and released in India in 1988. The movie is a remake of 1966 Hindi film Biwi aur Makan.
 Heliogomphus lyratus is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is endemic to Sri Lanka. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Fort Street Presbyterian Church is located at 631 West Fort Street in Detroit Michigan. It was originally constructed in 1855 and completely rebuilt in 1876. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971. Its steeple stands 265 ft (81 m) making it one of the tallest churches in the United States.
 Zygaenosia medialis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Gaede in 1925. It is found in New Guinea.
 Acid Mother's Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. is a cassette by Acid Mother's Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released in 1996 by the band's own label in a limited edition of only 10 copies which were sold at a show where band leader Kawabata Makoto played. The band name was written with an apostrophe on this cassette but this was later changed.
 The Loucherhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Lake Brienz in the Bernese Oberland. It is located east of the Schynige Platte.
 St Gabriel's Warwick Square is an Anglo-Catholic church in Pimlico. It lies within the Deanery of Westminster (St Margaret) within the Diocese of London. It was constructed as part of Thomas Cubitt's 1840−1860 development of the area on behalf of the Marquess of Westminster.Along with the nearby St Saviour's St Gabriel's was designed by Cubitt's foreman Thomas Cundy in the Gothic style and built in ragstone to emphasise the contrast with the Classical stucco of its secular neighbours.
 Dallas Mill was a manufacturer of cotton sheeting in Huntsville Alabama. The first of four major textile mills in Huntsville the mill operated from 1891 until 1949 before it was converted for use as a warehouse in 1955 and burned in 1991. The village constructed to house workers and their families was incorporated into the city in 1955. The mill and its mill village are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Mi Tierra (English: My Homeland) is the third studio album by Cuban-American recording artist Gloria Estefan released on June 14 1993 by Epic Records. Produced by husband Emilio Estefan it is her first Spanish-language album and pays homage to her Cuban roots. The album features Cuban musical genres including boleros danzan and son music.
 Mazes and Monsters is a 1981 novel by Rona Jaffe. The novel is a cautionary tale regarding the then-new hobby of fantasy role-playing games. The book was adapted into a made-for-television movie by the same name in 1982 starring young Tom Hanks.
 Bintagoungou is a rural commune and village of the Cercle of Goudam in the Tombouctou Region of Mali. The village lies at the south east corner of Lake Faguibine near the channel that connects Lake Faguibine to Lake Takara. The commune includes all of Lake Takara and a small section at the eastern end of Lake Faguibine.The commune includes eight settlements:Alphahou AbarbouchAlphahou InatabenAlphahou TarabaBintagoungouEtewelTaxinaTihigrèneToufazrouf↑ ↑ ↑ ↑
 Geoff Michel (born November 13 1963) is a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota Senate who represents District 41 which includes portions of the southwestern Twin Cities suburbs of Edina and Bloomington in Hennepin County. A Republican he was first elected to the Senate in 2002 succeeding retiring Senator Roy Terwilliger who represented the area as District 42 before the 2002 legislative redistricting.
 Free City is the debut studio album by hip-hop group St. Lunatics. It was released on June 5 2001 almost a full year after the release of group member Nelly's debut Country Grammar. The album was a commercial success as it debuted at #3 on the Billboard 200 with 196000 copies sold in its first week. The album was certified platinum by the RIAA a month later.
 My Bride is a Mermaid (Japanese: 瀬戸の花嫁  Hepburn: Seto no Hanayome lit. The Inland Sea Bride) is a Japanese manga series written by Tahiko Kimura. The manga was serialized between the September 2002 and May 2009 issues of Monthly Gangan Wing and the June and December 2010 issues of Monthly Gangan Joker both published by Square Enix. In 2004 a drama CD based on the series was released by Frontier Works.
 Shackleton is a 2002 British television film written and directed by Charles Sturridge and starring Kenneth Branagh as explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton. The film tells the true story of Shackleton's 1914 Antarctic expedition on the ship Endurance. The cast includes Kevin McNally Lorcan Cranitch Embeth Davidtz Danny Webb Matt Day and Phoebe Nicholls (also the director's wife) as Lady Shackleton. It was filmed in the UK Iceland and Greenland.
 Shunyo Awnko (English: The Zero Act) is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Goutam Ghose. The film stars Soumitra Chatterjee Konkona Sen Sharma and Priyanshu Chatterjee in lead roles. In the film Konkona Sen Sharma reportedly plays the role of a journalist and Priyanshu Chatterjee as a corporate officer.
 Bob McDermott (born August 5 1963) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Hawaii House of Representatives since January 16 2013 representing District 40. McDermott previously served three terms in the Hawaii Houseof Representatives from 1997 until 2003 but left to run to represent Hawaii's 2nd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives.
 Oxicesta serratae is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in France and Spain.The larvae feed on Euphorbia serrata.
 Titanic Belfast is a visitor attraction and a monument to Belfast's maritime heritage on the site of the former Harland & Wolff shipyard in the city's Titanic Quarter. It tells the stories of the ill-fated RMS Titanic which sank on her maiden voyage in 1912 and her sister ships RMS Olympic and HMHS Britannic.
 Długa is a river of Poland which flows into the Żerański Canal.
 Sweet Country is a 1987 American drama film directed by Michael Cacoyannis.It is based on the 1979 novel with the same name by Caroline Richards and it is set in Chile during the military takeover of 1973.
 Jelašci (Cyrillic: Јелашци) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Anthill: A Novel is the first extended work of fiction written by Edward O. Wilson. The novel published in 2010 won the Chicago Tribune's Heartland Prize for fiction.Anthill is set in Alabama and follows protagonist Raff Semmes who sets out to save the Nokobee wilderness from developers. The novel explores a concurrent civil war between rival ant colonies struggling to dominate the riverine wilderness.
 Super Roots 7 is the sixth installment in the Super Roots EP series by noise rock band Boredoms released in 1998 by Warner Music Japan. The band included a credit for Super thanks to the Mekons whose song Where Were You? influenced this release.
 Ontojärvi–Nurmesjärvi is a rather large lake in the Oulujoki main catchment area in Kainuu Finland. It is situated in the municipality of Kuhmo. It is the 44th largest lake in the country.
 My Feet Are Smiling is American guitarist Leo Kottke's sixth album and his second album recorded live. It reached #108 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts.
 Heart Songs is a 1994 collection of short stories by Annie Proulx. Most of the stories in the 1994 collection had been previously been published as Heart Songs and Other Stories in 1988.
 The Run is the fifth novel in the Will Lee series by Stuart Woods. It was first published in 2000 by HarperCollins. The novel takes place in Washington D. C. and different states some time after the events of Grass Roots. The novel continues the story of the Lee family of Delano Georgia.
 The Gorganu River or Pârâul Ciurii is a river intercepted by the Canalul Timiș (Timiș Canal) in the city of Brașov Romania.
 Tallulah Falls Lake is a 63-acre (250000 m2) reservoir with 3.6 miles (5.8 km) of shoreline located in the Northeastern corner of Georgia in Rabun County. It is the fourth and smallest lake in a six-lake series created by hydroelectric dams operated by Georgia Power that follows the original course of the Tallulah River. The series starts upstream on the Tallulah River with Lake Burton followed by Lake Seed Lake Rabun Tallulah Falls Lake Lake Tugalo and Lake Yonah.
 Lipka [ˈlipka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) east of Kalisz and 127 km (79 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 220.
 Pfitzneriella similis is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Peru.
 John Ephraim Keeny known as J. E. Keeny (December 24 1860–October 1 1939) was a pioneer educator who served from 1908 to 1926 as the sixth president of Louisiana Tech University in Ruston Louisiana
 Robert Mecklenborg is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives who represented the 30th district since his appointment in 2007. As chairman of the state government and elections committee he introduced a bill to require voters to produce state-issued photo identification in order to vote.
 Harry Keith White (born February 5 1946 in Huntington West Virginia) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 21 since January 2003. White served consecutively from January 1997 until January 2003 and non-consecutively from his appointment September 11 1992 until January 1995 in a District 19 seat.
 The Figure in the Carpet is a short story published in 1896 in London by American writer Henry James. The short story is usually referred to as a novella and is told in the first person. The narrator whose name is never revealed meets his favorite author and becomes obsessed with discovering the secret meaning or intention within all the author's works.
 Gestroania is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Gestroania amplipennis (Gestro 1875) Gestroania froggatti Macleay 1888 Gestroania setipennis Baehr 2005 Gestroania storeyi Baehr 2005↑
 The Voice in the Fog is a lost 1916 silent film produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. J. P. McGowan directed the film which is based on a novel by Harold McGrath. Stage actor Donald Brian makes his screen debut in the film.
 Prosper Antoine Marie Joseph Viscount Poullet (5 March 1868–3 December 1937) was a Belgian politician. Born in Leuven Poullet studied law at the Catholic University of Leuven and was later a professor at the university. He was of member of K.A.V. Lovania Leuven a catholic student fraternity associated with the Union of Catholic German Student Fraternities.A successful politician Poullet was a member of the Catholic Party and sat in the Belgian Chamber of Representatives.
 The Julian C. Smith Hall is a historic building located on Julian C. Smith Drive on Hadnot Point in Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune Jacksonville North Carolina. It currently serves as the headquarters building for the II Marine Expeditionary Force and the 2d Marine Division. It is named after Lieutenant General Julian C. Smith former commanding general of the 2d Marine Division during World War II. The Camp Lejeune address is Building H-1.
 Paolaura semistriata is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Dicterias atrosanguinea is a species of damselfly in family Dicteriadidae. It is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Palomita Blanca (Spanish for Little White Dove) is a 1971 novel written by Enrique Lafourcade. More than fifty editions (including reprintings) have been published making the novel the most widely sold novel in the history of Chilean literature with more than a million copies sold.
 Pawlikowice [pavlikɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Wieliczka and 20 km (12 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1200.
 Božo Biškupić (born in Mala Mlaka near Zagreb April 26 1938) is a Croatian politician and lawyer.
 The Bay Hornero or Pale-billed Hornero (Furnarius torridus) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is found in wooded habitats along rivers in eastern Ecuador north-eastern Peru western Brazil and as recently confirmed far south-eastern Colombia.
 (Thomas) Erskine May 1st Baron Farnborough KCB PC DCL (8 February 1815 – 17 May 1886) was a British constitutional theorist. This derived from his career at the House of Commons.
 Hirokazu Nakaima (仲井眞 弘多 Nakaima Hirokazu born August 19 1939) is a Japanese bureaucrat a business leader and a politician of Ryukyuan descent. He was elected governor of Okinawa Prefecture in 2006.
 Kodunuiyeh (Persian: كدونوئيه‎ also Romanized as Kodūnū’īyeh and Kedūnū’īyeh; also known as Kadnoo’iyeh Kodnū’īyeh Kodonūīyeh and Kudnuyeh) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 40 families.
 PNC Bank Building is a high-rise skyscraper building located in Washington D.C. United States. The building broke ground in 2008 and was completed in 2010. The building serves as an office building for PNC Financial Services and serves as the regional headquarters for PNC Financial Services. The building is 150 feet (46 m) containing 12 floors. The architect of the building is Gensler who designed the postmodern design of the building. The developer of the building is PNC/Vornado.
 1 is the Japanese debut album by the South Korean boy band B1A4. It was released in October 24 2012 in 3 different editions.
 A Dictionary of Modern English Usage (1926) by Henry Watson Fowler (1858–1933) is a style guide to British English usage pronunciation and writing.
 The rufous soft-furred spiny-rat (Diplomys labilis) is a species of rodent in the family Echimyidae.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Panama.
 Suryakanthi is a 2010 Indian Kannada language movie directed by K.M. Chaitanya of Aa Dinagalu fame. It stars Chetan Kumar Regina Cassandra Nassar. The music is scored by maestro Illayaraja.
 Ruyzat-e Sofla (Persian: رويضات سفلي‎ also Romanized as Rūyẕāt-e Soflá; also known as Roveyzāt-e Pā’īn Roveyẕāt-e Soflá and Rūyẕāt-e Pā’īn) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 33 families.
 The Koko River is a river in the Rutsiro District of western Rwanda that flows into Lake Kivu.It is one of the main rivers draining the western Rwandan mountains into Lake Kivu the other being the Sebeya River.During the colonial era the river defined the boundary between the Kibuye and Gisenyi Prefectures.The settlements of Gasiza and Murunda are close to the Koko's convergence with the Rwishwa River.
 Wonboyn Lake is a tidal lake situated at the south-east tip of New South Wales in Australia. The nearest commercial centre is the town of Eden.
 Bryn Mawr (foaled in 1901) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse is best known for winning the 1904 Preakness Stakes. Owned and bred by Goughacres Stable he was sired by Atheling. Bryn Mawr was out of the mare Maggie Weir a daughter of The Bard.
 Hellinsia lumbaquia is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Ecuador.The wingspan is 15-16 mm. The forewings are pale brown and the markings are dark brown. The hindwings and fringes are pale brown. Adults are on wing in March at an altitude of 850 meters.
 Roca Colom (in Catalan) or Roc Colom (in French) is a mountain of Catalonia. It is located in the Pyrenees at the border between Spain and France in the area of the Circ del Concròs in the Mentet Setcases and Prats de Molló municipal terms. The mountain has an elevation of 2506 metres above sea level.The name of the mountain means Pigeon Rock in the Catalan language.
 Free For All Tour Demo is a 2005 album by Pigface.
 Coptodon thysi is a critically endangered species of fish in the cichlid family. It is endemic to Lake Bermin in Cameroon. It is threatened by pollution and sedimentation from human activities and potentially also by large emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) from the lake's bottom (compare Lake Nyos).
 Skywhales is a 1983 animated short film that depicts a fictional society of alien creatures dwelling in the atmosphere of a gas giant. The film is notable for the completeness of its depiction of a fictitious society including alien language flora fauna and social structures and practices.It was released at the cinema in the United Kingdom in 1984 showing before the film Nineteen Eighty-Four.
 A Matter of Loaf and Death is a comedy clay animation murder mystery film created by Nick Park and the fourth of his shorts to star his characters Wallace and Gromit. Released in 2008 it is the first Wallace and Gromit project since the feature film Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit in 2005 and the first short since A Close Shave in 1995.A Matter of Loaf and Death is a mock murder mystery with Wallace and Gromit starting a new bakery business.
 The Lebanon I Dream Of (Arabic: لبنان اللي بحلم فيه‎ Lbnan yali bihlam fih) is a 2009 film documentary produced and directed by Lebanese director Pierre Dawalibi. The film was published online for people to download and watch for free the main purpose behind it was to spread awareness for Lebanese and send them a wake up call to start making the right decisions. The 45 Minutes film was posted on Youtube on October 2011 and got over 150000 Views
 Constantin Vișoianu (born February 4 1897 in Urlaţi Prahova County Romania - died January 4 1994 in Washington D.C. United States) was a Romanian jurist diplomat and politician.He studied at the University of Bucharest and got a doctor's degree in Law at the Sorbonne in Paris.Constantin Vișoianu was technical advisor at the League of Nations. From 1931 to 1933 he was member of the Romanian permanent delegation to the Conference on Disarmament.
 The Minneapolis YMCA Central Building is a 12-story YMCA building in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is built in the Gothic Revival style making it stand out from other buildings. The Gothic styling was chosen to emphasize the vertical mass of the structure and to make it appear as a powerful corporate symbol.
 All Saints is the second largest town in Antigua and Barbuda with a population of 3412. It's located in the middle of Antigua at 17°3′N 61°47′W. Just 5 miles SE of here is the capital St. John's.Within the vicinity of the town is Betty's Hope the first large-scale sugarcane plantation in Antigua. Betty's Hope was built in 1674 by Sir Christopher Codrington the namesake of Codrington and was named for his daughter Elizabeth Codrington.
 Kitten Licks is an album by Australian band Screamfeeder.
 The Great Synagogue of Oran (French: Grande synagogue d'Oran Arabic: معبد وهران العظيم‎) Algeria was built in 1880 at the initiative of Simon Kanoui but its inauguration took place only in 1918. Also known as Temple Israelite it is located on the former Boulevard Joffre currently Boulevard Maata Mohamed El Habib. It was one of the largest and most superb synagogues in North Africa.
 The Fort Pitt Elementary School in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Dick's Picks Volume 8 is the eighth live album in the Dick's Picks series of releases by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded on May 2 1970 at Harpur College in Binghamton New York. It was released in mid-1997.The album contains the entire concert except for one song — Cold Rain and Snow which followed Good Lovin' and preceded It's a Man's Man's Man's World. The first two verses of St. Stephen are also missing. The first set of the concert was acoustic and was recorded in stereo.
 The leopard tree iguana Liolaemus leopardinus is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.It is endemic to Chile.
 A Happening In Central Park is the first live album by Barbra Streisand. It was recorded at a live concert in Central Park in New York in June 1967 in front of an audience of 135000 people.
 Apterameles rammei is a species of praying mantis found in the Republic of Macedonia.
 First United Methodist Church of Drumright is a historic church at 115 N. Pennsylvania Avenue in Drumright Oklahoma.It was built in 1927 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Impurity is the second studio album by the German death metal band Fleshcrawl.
 Mount Pleasant is a historic estate house at 15 Bracebridge Road in Newton Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built c. 1856 by Roswell Turner a major land owner and real estate developer in the Newton Centre area. It is a well preserved example of the academic Italianate style with a three-bay facade and hip roof with a small gable over the centered entry and a three story turret. The property was owned for many of the later years of the 19th century by Charles S.
 Al-Jam`e Al-ِAqmar(Arabic: الجامع الأقمر‎ literally:Moonlit mosque) or Al-Aqmar Mosque also called Gray mosque is a mosque in Cairo Egypt dating from the Fatimid era. It was built in the under vizier al-Ma'mun al-Bata'ihi during the caliphate of Imam Al-Amir bi-Ahkami l-Lah. The mosque is located on north Muizz Street.
 Io e Caterina (internationally released as Catherine and I) is a 1980 Italian comedy film directed by Alberto Sordi.For his performance Alberto Sordi was awarded with a Globo d'oro for best actor.
 The Stripping of the Altars: Traditional Religion in England 1400–1580 is a work of history written by Eamon Duffy and published in 1992 by Yale University Press.
 Glipa bandana is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1932.
 Together is a short film drama directed by Eicke Bettinga starring Matt Smith. The film premiered in the International Critics' Week section at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Drums is the eponymous debut studio album by American indie pop band The Drums. It was released June 7 2010 on Moshi Moshi and Island Records. The album contains the singles Let's Go Surfing Best Friend Me and the Moon and Forever and Ever Amen as well as Down By The Water which had previously been released as part of the band's Summertime! EP.
 Music of the World Cup: Allez! Ola! Ole! is an album with various artists released on 9 June 1998 as the official music album for 1998 FIFA World Cup in France.
 Universe released on 31 March 2003 is the twelfth and final studio album of Modern Talking and it is the sixth release since the duo's 1998 reunion. The album completely produced by Dieter Bohlen landed on the German chart on 14 April 2003 entering the No. 2 position. After spending three weeks within the top-10 and total of 12 weeks in the album chart Universe reached a gold status in Germany for shipping over 150000 units.
 Lymantria is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Runtuy (Quechua runtuy to hail / to lay an egg hispanicized spelling Rondoy) is a mountain in the north of the Waywash mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5970 metres (19587 ft) high. It is located in the Ancash Region Bolognesi Province Pacllón District as well as in the Huánuco Region Lauricocha Province Queropalca District. Runtuy lies north of the Yerupaja and the Jirishanca and south west of the lake Mituqucha.
 Grzegórzki [ɡʐɛˈɡuʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Nidzica and 47 km (29 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 The Philbrook Farm Inn is a historic inn on North Road in Shelburne New Hampshire. At the core of the inn's holdings is a farmhouse whose oldest section dates to about 1834. This structure has been repeatedly added onto adding wings for additional guest rooms to the east in the 1860s and 1870s. Additions made to the west of the main house burned in 1934 after which a dining area kitchen and innkeeper's quarters were built in that area.
 Chingaari (Hindi: चिंगारि; English: Spark) is a 2006 Bollywood film directed by Kalpana Lajmi. The film is based on the novel The Prostitute and the Postman by Bhupen Hazarika. The film is a commentary on the abuse of power and in particular discusses the injustices of the priests in India. Beneath the love triangle between the main characters there is an age-old story that shows that not even holy men are exempt from the corruption of power.
 Saudi Gazette is a leading English-language daily newspaper published in Jeddah Saudi Arabia. It is available both in print and online.As of 2 April 2012 Khaled Almaeena is the Saudi Gazette editor-in-chief replacing Omar S. Elmershedi who took over on 1 July 2011. Almaeena is joined by some of his most trusted staff from Arab News led by deputy editor-in-chief Somayya Jabarti.
 Beginning of the End Again is an EP by Flint Michigan's The Swellers released August 11 2005 on Search and Rescue Records.
 Bagniewko [baɡˈɲefkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Pruszcz 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Świecie 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 43 km (27 mi) north-west of Toruń.
 David (Dave) Joseph Kelly (born 1 July 1962) is an Australian politician. He is the member for the Western Australian Legislative Assembly seat of Bassendean.
 See also The Ghost BreakerThe Ghost Breakers (1940) is a comedy film directed by George Marshall and starring Bob Hope and Paulette Goddard. The movie was adapted by Walter DeLeon from the play The Ghost Breaker by Paul Dickey and Charles W. Goddard no relation to Paulette.Along with Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein and Hope's own The Cat and the Canary it is cited as a prime example of the classic Hollywood horror-comedy.
 Siccia adiaphora is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1958. It is found in Kenya and Uganda.
 Yedyanchi Jatra is a Marathi film released in India on February 3 2012.
 Cassina Point (also known as the Hopkinson House) was built in 1847 for Carolina Lafayette Seabrook and her husband James Hopkinson. Carolina Seabrook was the daughter of wealthy Edisto planter William Seabrook. William Seabrook had hosted Gen. Lafayette in 1825 at his nearby home at the time of Carolina's birth. William Seabrook gave Gen. Lafayette the honor of naming the newborn child and the general selected Carolina (for the girl's birthplace) and Lafayette (after his own name).
 Topczewo [tɔpˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Andørja Church (Norwegian: Andørja kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Ibestad in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Engenes on the northwestern tip of the island of Andørja. The church is part of the Andørja parish (encompassing the island of Andørja) in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1914. It seats about 325 people.
 Tutankhamun is a 1969 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded for the Freedom label. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell and Malachi Favors Maghostut. It is subsequently viewed as one of AEOC's lesser works as incorporated in an Allmusic review by Scott Yanow who states Due to the weak opener and the LP-length playing time this is one of the Art Ensemble's lesser efforts despite The Ninth Room.
 Gulafjorden is a fjord in Gulen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The historic Gulating assemblies in medieval Norway took place in this area. Today there are several salmon fish farms in the fjord. The 8-kilometre (5.0 mi) long fjord flows from the Sognesjøen strait to the east towards the mainland. The islands of Byrknesøyna Mjømna and Sandøyna lie along the southern side of the fjord. The island of Hiserøyna lies on the northern side of the fjord.
 From a Whisper to a Scream also known as The Offspring is a 1987 American anthology horror film directed by Jeff Burr and starring Vincent Price.
 Moving McAllister is a 2007 American comedy film starring Mila Kunis Jon Heder Rutger Hauer and Billy Drago. The film was shot largely in Utah and St Johns County Florida and was produced by Camera 40 Productions. It was released on September 14 2007 in the United States.
 Derdang Derdang is the second full-length album by London-based band Archie Bronson Outfit. It was released on 3 April 2006.
 George William Fox Kinnaird 9th Lord Kinnaird KT PC (14 April 1807 – 7 January 1878) was a Scottish Whig politician. He served as Master of the Buckhounds under Lord Melbourne from 1839 to 1841.
 Rites of Passage is a 2012 American thriller film written and directed by W. Peter Iliff. The film stars Wes Bentley Kate Maberly Ryan Donowho Christian Slater and Stephen Dorff.
 Ziar Kola (Persian: زياركلا‎ also Romanized as Zīār Kolā) is a village in Talarpey Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 629 in 169 families.
 The Emporium is a luxury shopping mall in Khlong Toei district Bangkok Thailand which opened in 1997. It is owned and operated by The Mall Group and another huge mall Siam Paragon.It is located on Sukhumvit Road at Sukhumvit Soi 24 beside Queen's Park and connected directly to the Phrom Phong Station on the Sukhumvit Line of the BTS Skytrain by a footbridge. It is owned by the same company as Siam Paragon and its direct competitor is Central Group.
 Kalam Mari Katha Mari (Malayalam: കാലം മാറി കഥ മാറി) is a 1987 Malayalam film directed by M. Krishnan Nair written by Devan. V. and starring Mammootty Shobhana Adoor Bhasi and Lalu Alex. The film was produced by T. E. Vasudevan.
 Emery John San Souci (July 24 1857 – August 10 1936) was an American merchant and politician from Rhode Island. He served as Lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island and as the 53rd Governor of Rhode Island.
 Vivo is a live album album released by Puerto Rican singer Vico C.
 Charles Wyndham 2nd Earl of Egremont PC (1710 – 21 August 1763) a son of Sir William Wyndham (and a direct descendant of Sir John Wyndham) and Catherine née Seymour succeeded his uncle Algernon Seymour 7th Duke of Somerset as 2nd Earl of Egremont in 1750. Charles who had succeeded to his father's baronetcy in 1740 inherited Somerset's estates in Cumberland and Sussex (see Petworth House).
 Girl Imagined by Chance is a postmodern novel by Lance Olsen published in 2002 by Fiction Collective Two. It is a work of metafiction designed to trouble the unexamined assumptions of the memoir.
 Eurylomia ochreata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Honduras.
 Hanamanakoppa is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Ragna Árnadóttir (born 30 August 1966) is an Icelandic lawyer and former Minister of Justice and Ecclesiastical Affairs of Iceland. She previously served as the acting office manager of the Prime Minister's Office from 15 January 2009.
 Do Hesaran (Persian: دوحصاران‎ also Romanized as Do Ḩeşārān and Doḩeşārān; also known as Deh Sarūn and Sarun) is a village in Ayask Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 872 in 241 families.
 Hankins District No. One Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school located at Hankins in Sullivan County New York. It was built about 1845.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Jeanine Antoinette Hennis-Plasschaert (born April 7 1973) is a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). She has been the Minister of Defence in the Cabinet Rutte II since November 5 2012. She previously served as a Member of the European Parliament for the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Group from July 20 2004 until June 17 2010 when she became a Member of the House of Representatives serving until November 5 2012.
 Mount Clague is a mountain in the Kitimat Ranges of western British Columbia Canada located west of the junction of Wedeene River and Kitimat River just northwest of Kitimat.
 Darren Paul Johnson (born in 1966 in Southport Lancashire) is an English politician and prominent member of the Green Party of England and Wales. He represents the Green Party in the London Assembly and is the only Green councillor in the London Borough of Lewisham.Johnson who is openly gay lives in Brockley Lewisham with his long-term partner and former borough councillor Dean Walton.
 The Karthala White-eye (Zosterops mouroniensis) also known as the Mount Karthala White-eye Grand Comore White-eye or Comoro White-eye is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family. As suggested by its name it is endemic to Philippia heath woodland growing on Mount Karthala on the island of Grand Comore in the Comoros. Mount Karthala is an active volcano and future eruptions pose a serious threat to the Karthala White-eye.
 Camera de Afrique Is a 1983 documentary.
 Hemant K Batra (born 15 August 1967) is a Corporate Business and Strategist commercial lawyer. He is the co-founder and chairman of Kaden Boriss law firm. Kaden Boriss was originally established as a partnership firm under the common law of the Indian partnership act but was later transformed into a newly set up regime of LLP.
 Linha de Passe is a 2008 Brazilian film directed by Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas. Written by Salles Thomas and Bráulio Mantovani the film stars Vinícius de Oliveira and Sandra Corveloni who won the Best Actress Award at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival for her role which was her first in a full-length motion picture.
 Ramon Monching Villarosa Mitra Jr. (February 4 1928 — March 20 2000) was a Filipino statesman diplomat and a pro-democracy activist.
 The Church of the Covenant (Euclid Avenue Presbyterian Church) is a historic church on Euclid Avenue in Cleveland Ohio's University Circle.It was built in 1911 to designs created by Cram and Ferguson architects. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Ulf Adelsohn (born 4 October 1941) is a Swedish politician leader of the Moderate Party from 1981 to 1986 and Governor of Stockholm County from 1992 to 2001. He was a member of the Riksdag from 1982 to 1988 and served as chairman of SJ AB 2001–2011 resigning due to quarrels with the government.
 Valuja (Persian: ولوجا‎ also Romanized as Valūjā) is a village in Gahrbaran-e Shomali Rural District Gahrbaran District Miandorud County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1904 in 519 families.
 Newcastle City Library (also known as the Charles Avison Building) is a library in the city centre of Newcastle upon Tyne United Kingdom. Completed on 3 March 2009 the building opened on 7 June 2009 and is the city's main public library. The main feature of the building is a long 'glass box' forming the eastern side of the steel frame structure.
 Logee House is an historic American colonial house on 225 Logee Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The house was built in 1729 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Andrew Zirkle Mill is a 1760s era grist mill located in the southern end of Shenandoah County Virginia. The mill was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 after being restored by Glenn Hofecker the owner at the time. The mill is cited as a prime example of the architecture and construction of grist mills and manufacturing facilities of its era.
 Icon is the fifth studio album by the death metal band Benighted from France. The album was released in October 29 2007. The CD was recorded mixed and mastered at Kohlekeller Studios Seeheim-Jugenheim Germany. The artwork was created by Phlegeton.
 Synodontis brichardi is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the rapids of the lower Congo River. This species grows to a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL.
 The MasterCard International Global Headquarters is an office building located at 2000 Purchase Street in the town of Purchase New York. It was constructed in the early 1980s as part of a movement of large corporations onto suburban estate settings and has been called the architectural jewel of Westchester. The building is part of the Purchase Centre complex and originally was constructed by the Nestlé company and occupied by IBM for several years. It was designed by I. M.
 The Breast (1972) is a novella by Philip Roth in which the main character David Kepesh becomes a 155-pound breast. Throughout the book Kepesh fights with himself. Part of him wishes to give in to bodily desires while the other part of him wants to be rational. Kepesh a literature professor compares his plight with that of fictional characters such as Gregor Samsa in Kafka's short story The Metamorphosis and Kovalyov in Nikolai Gogol's short story The Nose.
 The Creek loach (Schistura beavani) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Copelatus aemulus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo & Rocchi in 1995.
 The Carrabassett River a tributary of the Kennebec River is located in Franklin County and Somerset County Maine in the United States. It rises near Sugarloaf Mountain east of Rangeley Lake and runs for 33.8 miles (54.4 km) flowing southeast past Kingfield and joining the Kennebec River in the town of Anson.
 Sunny Days (Russian: Solnetchniye dni) is a 2011 Kazakhstani drama film directed by Nariman Turebayev.
 The New Transistor Heroes is the 1997 debut album from the pop group Bis. The intro to the opening song Tell it to the Kids was recorded by friend of the band Mark Percival credited in the album notes as Marky P.
 The Townsend House is a historic house at 290 Paine Hollow Road in Wellfleet Massachusetts. The 1.5 story full Cape style wood frame house was built in 1804 probably by Doctor James Townsend whose descendants owned the house well into the 20th century. The most notable resident was Samuel Campbell an English engineer who worked with Guglielmo Marconi on the transatlantic wireless facilities in Wellfleet.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Ieu Pannakar (Khmer: អៀវ បណ្ណាការ; born February 21 1931) is a Cambodian film director and senator. Among the first Cambodians to study film making he is one of Cambodia's pioneering film directors. He is a co-founder (with fellow Cambodian director Rithy Panh) of Bophana: The Audio-Visual Resource Center - Cambodia.
 Models' Media is the fifth and final studio album by Australian rock band Models.
 Kinixys is a genus of turtles in the family Testudinidae. They are native to Africa and commonly known as hinged tortoises.Most of the Kinixys species are omnivores. They feed mainly on a wide range of different leaves weeds roots flowers and fruits; however they also eat worms insects and other small invertebrates.
 Antoinella is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Antoinella aurouxi Mateu & Comas 2006 Antoinella djebalica Comas & Mateu 2008 Antoinella espanyoli Mateu & Escola 2006 Antoinella fadriquei Mateu & Escola 2006 Antoinella gigoni Casale 1982 Antoinella groubei (Antoine 1935) Antoinella iblanensis Mateu & Escola 2006 Antoinella salibai Antoine 1953 Antoinella sendrai Comas & Mateu 2008↑
 Reminiscence is Bonnie Pink's first cover album released under the Warner Music Japan label on June 22 2005.
 Obsza [ˈɔpʂa] is a village in Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Obsza. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) south-east of Biłgoraj and 108 km (67 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 861.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 9 families.
 Winsor Building is located in Asbury Park Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1904 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 13 1979.
 The Edward M. Gregg Farm is a farm located in Jerome Idaho United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Very Best of Meat Loaf is a 1998 album spanning the first 21 years of Meat Loaf's recording career. Although not reaching the top ten in the UK it recently went platinum and was already platinum around the rest of the world just after its release.
 Nimbaphrynoides liberiensis is a species of toad from highlands in the Mount Nimba region of Liberia. This Critically Endangered species is threatened by habitat loss and mining of bauxite. This and the equally threatened N. occidentalis are the only frogs/toads that are viviparous; it is possible liberiensis should be included as a subspecies of N. occidentalis.
 Auratonota dispersa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala Panama and Costa Rica. It has also been recorded from southern Florida where it was probably imported with orchids from Guatemala.The wingspan is 14-15 mm. The forewings are shiny white with a pattern of narrow brown and yellow crossbands. The hindwings are white with faint grey-brown marbling.
 Cochylimorpha obliquana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Austria Slovakia Hungary Romania and Russia (Sarepta Uralsk Emba northern Caucasus).The wingspan is 13-19 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to September.The larvae feed on Artemisia maritima.
 The 50th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday of October and terms began on the first Tuesday in January. It met in Dover Delaware convening January 3 1826 two weeks before the beginning of the third year of the administration of Governor Samuel Paynter.
 Saint Errant is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris first published in 1948 by The Crime Club in the United States and in 1949 by Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom. This was the 28th book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar alias The Saint and the first Saint short story collection since 1939's The Happy Highwayman.
 Future War 198X is a 1982 Japanese anime film.
 It's Me Again is the second studio album by American recording artist Tweet released on March 21 2005 by The Goldmind Inc. and Atlantic Records. The album debuted at number seventeen on the US Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 55000 copies.
 Poeciloxestia minuta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Gladiator of Rome (Italian: Il gladiatore di Roma) is a 1962 Italian adventure film directed by Mario Costa. Co-written by Gian Paolo Callegari and Giuseppe Mariani it stars Gordon Scott.The film is also known as Battles of the Gladiators in the United Kingdom.
 Cause Moshing Is Good Fun is the first release by the metal band Hinge (now called Dry Kill Logic). The following 3 track EP was released in 1997 through their own label Psychodrama Records.
 Pollex flavimacula is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from West Sumatra.The wingspan is 9-10 mm. The forewing is narrow and blackish brown. The hindwing is unicolorous brown with an indistinct black discal spot and the underside unicolorous brown.
 Fedaia Lake is a lake in Trentino and the Province of Belluno Italy.
 Psilorhynchus amplicephalus is a fish found in genus Psilorhynchus. It is found at the south of South Korea and can only be caught using a hydraulic sensory beam.
 Nyayam Kaavali (Telugu: న్యాయం కావాలి) is a 1981 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. It is based on the novel by D. Rameswari entitled Kotta Malupu. The film stars Chiranjeevi Radhika Sarathkumar Kongara Jaggayya and Sharada in important roles. It is remade into Hindi as Mujhe Insaaf Chahiye in 1983 and in Tamil as Vidhi in 1984.
 Stony Point Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic church in Baldwin City Kansas.The church was built in 1882 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Yariguies Brush-finch (Atlapetes latinuchus yariguierum) is a subspecies of the Yellow-breasted Brush-finch discovered in 2004 in Colombia.
 Labigastera forcipata is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 Marcos González de Balcarce (1777–1832) was an Argentine military commander and politician in the early 19th century.González de Balcarce was born in Buenos Aires. He was the son of General Francisco González de Balcarce and younger brother of Juan Ramón and Antonio both distinguished military commanders and politicians also.
 Bachelor's Affairs is a 1932 film based on the play Precious by James Forbes. While its availability for viewing is currently limited it has been preserved by the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
 The H.R. Stevens House is located on Congers Road (Rockland County Route 80) in the New City section of the Town of Clarkstown New York United States. It is a stone house dating to the late 18th century. In the early 19th century it was expanded with some wood frame upper stories added later. The interior was also renovated over the course of the century.It shows the convergence of Dutch and English building traditions in the later years of the colonial Hudson Valley.
 The former Isanti County Courthouse located at 237 2nd Avenue South West corner of Birch Street in Cambridge Minnesota United States is an historic two-story redbrick county courthouse built in 1888. Today it is known as Court House Square and has been remodeled into a private office building. On July 24 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.The current county courthouse is located at 555 18th Avenue South West.
 Swojęcin [sfɔˈjɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Żuromin and 118 km (73 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Mazraeh-ye Gholam Reza Fuladiyan (Persian: مزرعه غلامرضافولاديان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Gholām Reẕā Fūlādīyān) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sukeban Deka the Movie 2: Counter-Attack from the Kazama Sisters (スケバン刑事 風間三姉妹の逆襲) is a live action Japanese film that was released in 1988. The movie closely follows the manga series Sukeban Deka which was written and illustrated by Shinji Wada. The movie also stars the only returning actresses Yui Asaka who was the same actress for the TV series. Being a sequel to Sukeban Deka The Movie the movie is followed by a third movie entitled Yo-Yo Girl Cop in the year 2006.
 On a Wire is a 2002 album released by The Get Up Kids on Vagrant Records. The album was also released in two record versions: black 180 gram vinyl and limited edition picture disc.
 Seondalsan is a South Korean mountain that sits between the county of Yeongwol Gangwon-do and Bonghwa Gyeongsangbuk-do. It has an elevation of 1236 m (4055 ft).
 Count Teodor Pejačević of Virovitica (24 September 1855 – 22 July 1928) was a Croatian politician who served as Ban of Croatia-Slavonia between 1903 and 1907.He was born in Našice as the eldest son of Ladislav Pejačević a Ban of Croatia (1880–1883) and a member of Pejačević family.He served as a long-term župan of Virovitica County.At the beginning of the 20th century he was faced with a new direction of Croatian policy marked by political alliance between Croats and Serbs in Austria-Hungary for mutual benefit. 
 Julius L. Meier (December 31 1874 – July 14 1937) was an American businessman civic leader and politician in the state of Oregon. The son of the Meier & Frank department store founder he would become a lawyer before entering the family business in Portland. Politically an independent Meier served a single term as the 20th Governor of Oregon from 1931–1935.Meier is the only independent to be elected Governor of Oregon and one of only eight to be elected as governor of any U.S. state.
 Sepia bartletti is a species of cuttlefish native to the western Pacific Ocean. It is known only from the type locality. Depth range is unknown.S. bartletti is known from only the holotype and six other specimens (all cuttlebones) described by Tom Iredale in 1954. It is possibly a junior synonym of Sepia bandensis. The placement of S. bartletti in the genus Sepia is also questionable.S.
 Stardust is a novel by Neil Gaiman usually published with illustrations by Charles Vess. Stardust has a different tone and style from most of Gaiman's prose fiction being consciously written in the tradition of pre-Tolkien English fantasy following in the footsteps of authors such as Lord Dunsany and Hope Mirrlees.
 Pseudocomotis razowskii is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 Trübtensee or Triebtenseewli is a lake in the municipality of Guttannen Bernese Oberland Switzerland. The reservoir's surface area is 0.1 km². Its dam was completed in the 1950s and holds a volume of 1.1 mio m³.
 The Renegado River is a river of Chile.
 Wiersze [ˈvjɛrʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Czosnów 12 km (7 mi) south of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Jewels of Gwahlur is one of the original short stories starring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian written by American author Robert E. Howard. Set in the pseudo-historical Hyborian Age it concerns several parties including Conan fighting over and hunting for the eponymous treasure in Hyborian Africa. The tale was first published in the March 1935 issue of Weird Tales. Howard's original title for the story was The Servants of Bit-Yakin.
 Świerczek [ˈɕfjɛrt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Skarżysko Kościelne 5 km (3 mi) north of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 38 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 360.
 Team Medical Dragon (Japanese: 医龍 Hepburn: Iryū) is a seinen manga about Japanese medical care written by Akira Nagai with illustrations by Taro Nogizaka and medical supervision by Mie Yoshinuma. The series was published in Big Comic Superior between 2002 and 2011. It was adapted into a live action series.
 Lake Bonneville is a reservoir on the Columbia River in the U.S. states of Oregon and Washington. It was created in 1937 with the construction of Bonneville Dam. The reservoir stretches between it and The Dalles Dam upstream. It lies in parts of three counties in Oregon (Multnomah Hood River Wasco) and two in Washington (Skamania Klickitat).
 John Cunningham Whitehead (born April 2 1922) is an American banker and civil servant currently a board member of the World Trade Center Memorial Foundation (WTC Memorial Foundation) and until his resignation in May 2006 chairman of the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation.
 Triglavski dom na Kredarici (2515 metrov) is the highest mountain hut in Slovenia and also the highest meteorological station. It lies on small plateau called Kredarica just below Stranski vrhovi. There is a chapel Kapela Marije Snežne and small cave called Ivačičeva jama.
 Jean Kurtis Schodorf is a former Republican member of the Kansas Senate representing the 25th District from 2001 to 2013. She was the Majority Whip at the time of her defeat in the 2012 Republican Primary.From 1989 to 2000 she was on the Board of Education for Unified School District 259 (Wichita School District) and was the board president in 1993 1997 and 1999.
 Super Speedway is a 1997 documentary racing film chronicling one man's quest to get his new Champ Car Lola chassis up to speed and another's goal of rebuilding an old 1964 roadster once driven by the legendary Mario Andretti. The film was directed by renowned IMAX director Stephen Low and produced by Pietro Serapiglia. It was narrated by Paul Newman (who was himself an avid racer and co-owner of Newman/Haas Racing). It first premiered at IMAX theaters nationwide.
 Deep River is a river located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.The river is under tidal influence for the last 6 kilometres (4 mi) of its length. Although generally shallow the Deep River has depths of up to 6.5 metres (21 ft) in places.The Deep River is one of the few perennial rivers in Western Australia although 80% of its discharge occurs in winter and spring. The rivers water quality is very good fresh and low in nutrients.
 Spanking Love (スパンキング・ラブ) is a 1995 Japanese erotic film directed by Shōji Tanaka and based on a story by Kenichi Yamakawa.
 Bull (Bulgarian: Вула translit. Vula) is a 1965 Bulgarian drama film written and directed by Nikola Korabov. It was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The West Shore was a literary magazine published in Portland Oregon from 1875 to 1891. It was founded by Leopold Samuel to promote a positive image of the Pacific Northwest and to encourage economic growth in the region. The magazine was known for publishing excellent articles by well-known authors and for its many high-quality illustrations. As a result West Shore became one of the most successful publications in the Pacific Northwest.
 The Immunity Zone is the fourth full-length album by progressive metal band Andromeda.
 Valdis Zatlers (born 22 March 1955) is a Latvian politician and former physician who served as the seventh president of Latvia from 2007 to 2011. He won the Latvian presidential election of 31 May 2007. He became President of Latvia on 8 July 2007 and left office on 7 July 2011 after failing to win reelection for a second term.
 St. Charles Towne Center is a two-level enclosed shopping in the planned community of St. Charles. Built in 1988 it covers an area of 981000 sq ft (91100 m2) and is currently the only regional mall in Southern Maryland. In addition to Waldorf and St. Charles the mall also serves the southern suburbs of Washington D.C. and has a trade area population of approximately 311000.
 Herbert Mayhew Lord (December 6 1859 – June 2 1930) was director of the United States Bureau of the Budget (now the Office of Management and Budget) from July 1 1922 to May 31 1929 during the administrations of presidents Warren G. Harding Calvin Coolidge and Herbert Hoover.
 The Porumbăcelu River is a tributary of the Porumbacu River in Romania.
 Gastrallus immarginatus is a species of beetle in the genus Gastrallus of the family Anobiidae.
 Edward John Hemming (30 August 1823 – 17 September 1905) was a lawyer politician and author.Born in London Hemming was the seventh and last child of Henry Keene Hemming (1793–1847) and Sophia Wirgman (1785–1870). After finishing his studies at Clapham Grammar School in south-western London. He was a midshipman in the Royal Navy from 1836 to 1845 then joined his father not only ran his own farm but was also agent for the Duke of Devonshire at Lismore Castle Ireland.
 Maurice Brydon Foster (September 8 1933 – October 2 2010) was a Canadian veterinarian and politician. He represented the electoral district of Algoma in the Canadian House of Commons from 1968 to 1993. He was a member of the Liberal Party.Born in Bloomfield Ontario Foster attended the Ontario Veterinary College in Guelph and received a Doctor of Veterinary Medicine degree in 1957. He then moved to Carnduff Saskatchewan where he practiced as a veterinarian.
 Popowo [pɔˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Released in 1998 Adiemus III: Dances of Time is the third album by Welsh composer Karl Jenkins as part of the Adiemus project. This album is a tribute to the interrelationship between music and dance throughout history. As such most tracks are composed in a traditional style of dance including meter.In addition to the multitracked vocals used in the previous Adiemus recordings Jenkins introduces the Finnish Adiemus Singers to perform the chorus to Miriam Stockley's lead.
 Drevvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county Norway. The village of Drevvassbygda lies at the northeastern end of the lake in the Drevjedalen valley. The Nordlandsbanen railway line follows the southern coast of the lake.
 Bhagavat (1982) is a Hindi language film starring Dharmendra Amjad Khan Hema Malini and Reena Roy. The film is directed by Ramanand Sagar. It became a semi-hit at the box office.
 Rabbit Redux is a 1971 novel by John Updike. It is the second book in his Rabbit series beginning with Rabbit Run and followed by Rabbit Is Rich Rabbit At Rest and the related 2001 novella Rabbit Remembered.
 Kyriakatika ELATHEN (Greek: Κυριακάτικα ΕΛΑΘΕΝ Translation: The Sunday Elathen News) is a weekly newspaper published in Athens owned by M.E. Group. It is a traditional center-left friendly newspaper that has strongly supported animal rights since the 1990s. Some of its prominent columnists include Ioannis Nankis and Maria Felantaki.It started as a subscriber-only think tank report but was transformed to a weekly newspaper in early 2009 by its new editor.
 The European Journal of Internal Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1989 and is published by Elsevier.
 Gusheh Daraq (Persian: گوشه درق‎ also Romanized as Gūsheh Daraq; also known as Gūsheh Darreh Gūsheh Vazaq Koosheha Draq Shordar’ya Shordere Shū Darreh Shūr Daraq and Shūr Darreh) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Richard Mentor Johnson (October 17 1780 or 1781 – November 19 1850) was the ninth Vice President of the United States serving in the administration of Martin Van Buren (1837–1841). He is the only vice president ever elected by the United States Senate under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment. Johnson also represented Kentucky in the U.S. House of Representatives and Senate; he began and ended his political career in the Kentucky House of Representatives.Johnson was elected to the U.S.
 Asterivora antigrapha is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from New Zealand.The wingspan is 10–11 mm. The head and thorax are dark fuscous irrorated with white. The antennae are dark fuscous dotted with white. The abdomen is dark fuscous with a series of white scales on the segmental margins. The dark fuscous forewings are suboblong moderate the costa gently arched the apex obtuse the termen nearly straight and oblique.
 The Captain Robert Bennet Forbes House also known as the R. B. Forbes House is a house museum located at 215 Adams Street Milton Massachusetts. It is now a National Historic Landmark and is open several afternoons per week. An admission fee is charged.The house was built in 1833 for their mother by Captain Robert Bennet Forbes John Murray Forbes and their sisters.
 The Death of Poor Joe is a 1901 British short silent drama film directed by George Albert Smith which features the director's wife Laura Bayley as Joe a child street-sweeper who dies of disease on the street in the arms of a policeman. The film which went on release in March 1901 takes its name from a famous photograph posed by Oscar Rejlander after an episode in Charles Dickens' Bleak House and is the oldest known surviving film featuring a Dickens character.
 SnoBar Cocktails is a line of alcohol infused ice cream and ice-pops that launched in Arizona on December 9 2011 and are available in liquor stores restaurants and in grocery stores in specially branded freezers. The company founder Eddie Masjedi came up with the idea of alcohol infused ice cream and pops because of his nightly routine with his wife. One night Eddie was preparing a new dessert for is wife and he thought to add alcohol to give it a little kick.
 Cecilia F. Tkaczyk is the member of the New York State Senate for the 46th district. She is a member of the Democratic Party.Tkaczyk was the Democratic nominee in a district that had been gerrymandered for her opponent. The district stretches from Amsterdam to Kingston. While her opponent was favored to win and had a financial advantage Tkaczyk won the race by a slim margin. Tkaczyk was born and raised on a dairy farm and is currently the only farmer serving in the State Senate.
 Soul Mountain (Chinese: 灵山; pinyin: língshān) is a novel by the Chinese writer Gao Xingjian. The novel is loosely based on the author's journey in rural China which was inspired by a false diagnosis of lung cancer. The novel is a part autobiographical part fictional account of a man's journey to find the fabled mountain Lingshan. It is a combination of story fragments travel accounts unnamed characters (referred to by the pronouns I you she etc.) and folk poetry/legends.
 Islands is the second album by the British pop band Kajagoogoo released on 21 May 1984 on the EMI label. It was recorded without singer Limahl who had been fired by the band in mid-1983 and went on to pursue a solo career. Bass player Nick Beggs already the group's main backing singer took over lead vocal duties and also wrote the lyrics.
 The Ravagers is a novel by Donald Hamilton that was first published in 1964. It was the eighth novel in his long-running series of adventures featuring secret agent Matt Helm.
 The $1000000 Reward was a 1920 drama film serial directed by George Lessey and produced by Harry Grossman. The film is considered to be lost.
 The Suspended Step of the Stork (Greek: Το μετέωρο βήμα του πελαργού translit. To meteoro vima tou pelargou) is a 1991 Greek film directed by Theodoros Angelopoulos. It was entered into the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
 Colette Baudoche is a 1909 novel by the French writer Maurice Barrès. It has the subtitle The Story of a Young Girl of Metz (French: Histoire d'une jeune fille de Metz). The story is set in Lorraine right after the Franco-Prussian War 1870-1871 and focuses on the courtship between a young French woman and a German professor. The book was adapted into the 1994 short film Lothringen! by Straub-Huillet.
 Aaptos niger is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera. The species was described in 1981.
 Ever Ready is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Shadows in the Skull is a short story by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in the February 1975 issue of the magazine Fantastic and was first appeared in book form by Ace Books in the paperback collection Conan of Aquilonia in May 1977 which was reprinted several timesthrough 1994. The first British edition was published by Sphere Books in October 1978.
 Rockpile was the first solo album by Dave Edmunds released in 1972. It is principally focused on remakes of late 1950s and early 1960s hits with a few new songs included. Edmunds plays almost all the instruments except for bass and backing vocals which are contributed by John Williams Edmunds' former bandmate in Love Sculpture. The album included a 1970 British #1 and worldwide Top 10 single I Hear You Knocking.
 It is a 1986 horror novel by American author Stephen King. The story follows the exploits of seven children as they are terrorized by an eponymous being which exploits the fears and phobias of its victims in order to disguise itself while hunting its prey. It primarily appears in the form of a clown in order to attract its preferred prey of young children. The novel is told through narratives alternating between two time periods and is largely told in the third-person omniscient mode.
 Høgåsen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Boogiepop Returns: VS Imaginator Part 1 (ブギーポップ・リターンズ　ＶＳイマジネーターＰａｒｔ１ Bugīpoppu Ritānzu VS Imajinētā Part 1) is the second novel in the Boogiepop series by Kouhei Kadono and was illustrated by Kouji Ogata.
 Oliver Warner (April 17 1818 – September 14 1885) was a Massachusetts clergyman politician and librarian who served in both houses of the Massachusetts legislature and from 1858 to 1876 served as the 14th Secretary of the Commonwealth.
 3 Songs is a 7 EP by Washington D.C. post-hardcore band Fugazi. It was originally released in a collectors edition of 2000 copies (800 on black vinyl 1200 in green vinyl) by Sub Pop Records as the December 1989 issue of their Singles Club. Dischord Records gave the record wider release one month later with different cover and label art. Later that year Dischord coupled the 3 Songs EP with the LP Repeater to make up Repeater + 3 Songs CD.
 A New Day in Old Sana'a is a 2005 romantic drama film directed by Bader Ben Hirsi a British playwright and director of Yemeni ancestry and produced by Ahmed Abdali. It was shot in San‘a’ the capital of Yemen and was the first Yemeni film to be shown at the Cannes Film Festival.
 Chesterville Brick House also known as Goodings Store Isaac Spencer House and Salter House is a historic home and former commercial building located at Chesterville Kent County Maryland. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick building thought to have been built about 1773. The changed ownership many times.
 Ambulyx is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Long Plain Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house at 1341 N. Main Street in Acushnet Massachusetts.The building was constructed in 1759 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.The meeting house is open for tours on weekends and features original artifacts pews from three centuries and a small museum with exhibits about Quakers.
 The Good Youth is the third studio album by British rock music band Blitz Kids and was released on the 17 January 2014. It is the first full feature album through the new label Red Bull Records.
 Pierre A. Hascheff is a member of the Reno City Council representing the entire city of Reno Nevada as an at-large member.He was elected in June 1993 and reelected in November 1996 2000 2004 and 2008.
 Mysteries of Lisbon (Portuguese: Mistérios de Lisboa) is a 2010 Portuguese costume drama film directed by Raúl Ruiz based on an 1854 novel of the same name by Camilo Castelo Branco. The film has won 9 awards and has been nominated 8 times.
 Pyramid Peak at 11628 feet (3544 m) above sea level is the 13th highest peak in the Pioneer Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Salmon-Challis National Forest and Custer County. It is the 36th highest peak in Idaho and about 0.85 mi (1.37 km) northeast of Altair Peak.
 61* is a 2001 American sports drama film written by Hank Steinberg and directed by Billy Crystal. It stars Barry Pepper as Roger Maris and Thomas Jane as Mickey Mantle on their quest to break Babe Ruth's 1927 single-season home run record of 60 during the 1961 season of the New York Yankees. The film first aired on HBO on April 28 2001.
 Hanna's War is a 1988 film co-written and directed by Menahem Golan. The film is based on The Diaries Of Hanna Senesh and the biographical novel A Great Wind Cometh by Yoel Palgi. It is a biopic detailing the true story of Hannah Szenes.
 Lacy Lake is a small lake located east of Port Alberni British Columbia. It lies south east of Esary Lake. It is the main water supply for the Cherry Creek Improvement District.
 Gideon Tomlinson (December 31 1780 – October 8 1854) was a United States Senator United States Representative and the 25th Governor for the state of Connecticut.
 The Chetco River is a 56-mile-long (90 km) stream located in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Oregon. It drains approximately 352 square miles (912 km2) of Curry County. Flowing through a rugged and isolated coastal region it descends rapidly from about 3200 feet (975 m) to sea level at the Pacific Ocean. Except for the lowermost 5 miles (8 km) the river is located entirely within the Rogue River – Siskiyou National Forest.
 Llanolebias stellifer is a species of rivuline endemic to the Orinoco River basin in Venezuela. This species grows to a length of 7.5 centimetres (3.0 in) TL. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Qarch Javaneh (Persian: قارچ جوانه‎ also Romanized as Qārch Javāneh) is a village in Zangiabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tour Generali (English: Generali Tower) was a skyscraper planned for construction in the business quarter of La Défense in Courbevoie (Hauts-de-Seine France). (Note that Generali also owns another prominent high-rise building on Avenue Louise in Brussels which is also known locally as the Tour Generali.)The project was officially initiated on 18 October 2006 and is being built for Italian insurance company Assicurazioni Generali.
 Örenşehir Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Georgios Georgiadis was the Ottoman-appointed Prince of Samos who reigned briefly from 1907 to 1908.A native of Volos. After being appointed Prince he came to the island but he realized that a civil war was about to break out. To avoid fighting his own people he gave his resignation to the Ottoman Sultan. When he left he told the Samian Parliament :  Fellow Samians I am leaving because I don't want to execute the illegal orders of the Ottoman government.
 Great Pond is a 268-acre (1.08 km2) water body located in Rockingham County in southeastern New Hampshire in the United States. The lake lies near the center of the town of Kingston. Kingston State Park a small preserve with a swimming beach occupies the northeastern end of the lake near the town center. The lake is located along the Powwow River a tributary of the Merrimack River.
 Patricia A. Lockwood is Michigan politician.In the 1970s Lockwood move to Fenton just before Fenton leveled the downtown buildings.
 Moodfood is a 1992 album by Moodswings.
 Ploggensee is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 32.9 m its surface area is 0.15 km².
 The Ibicuí da Cruz River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Dr. Péter Polt (born 6 September 1955) is a Hungarian jurist Chief Prosecutor of Hungary from 2000 to 2006 and since 2010.
 The Kushan Pass or Kaoshan Pass (el. about 4370 m or 14340 ft) is a mountain pass just west of the famous Salang Pass (3878 m. or 12723 ft.) in the Hindu Kush mountain range of northern Afghanistan. These two passes provided the most direct if difficult routes across the imposing east-west wall of the Hindu Kush mountains which divide northern Afghanistan or Tokharistan from Kabul province which is closely connected to southern Afghanistan and Pakistan.
 The Common Shelduck (Tadorna tadorna) is a waterfowl species shelduck genus Tadorna. It is widespread and common in Eurasia mainly breeding in temperate and wintering in subtropical regions; in winter it can also be found in the Maghreb. Its scientific name comes from Celtic roots and means pied waterfowl essentially the same as the English shelduck.Fossil bones from Dorkovo (Bulgaria) described as Balcanas pliocaenica may actually belong to this species.
 Gnophaela aequinoctialis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Texas Mexico Nicaragua and Venezuela.The wingspan is about 48 mm.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęty within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north of Kęty 16 km (10 mi) south of Oświęcim and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 3 272.
 Pettit Memorial Chapel or simply Pettit Chapel is one of the few chapels ever designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright. The Pettit Chapel is located in the Belvidere Cemetery in Belvidere Illinois United States which is in Boone County. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1978. The chapel is an early example of Frank Lloyd Wright's famed Prairie style. It is one of only two structures meant for a cemetery settings that Wright ever created.
 Dragomir Yordanov (born 28 September 1967) is a Bulgarian judge and a politician who served as the caretaker justice minister from 12 March 2013 to 29 May 2013.
 Love and Summer is a novel written by William Trevor first published in 2009. The story takes place in the fictitious town of Rathmoye in Ireland during the 1950s. It concerns the illicit love between a photographer and the married wife of a farmer.
 Scaphella worki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the votules.
 The Sunset Chapel is a private chapel in Acapulco Guerrero México designed by Bunker Arquitectura
 The Musée d'art moderne et d'art contemporain also known as MAMAC is a museum dedicated to modern art and contemporary art. It opened on 21 June 1990 in Nice France.
 Screw It! is Danger Danger's second full length album. It was released on October 1 1991 on Epic Records. The album was recorded at New River Studios in Fort Lauderdale Florida. This is the same studio that the band Skid Row used to record their second album Slave to the Grind.
 Reach for the Sky is a 2001 Israeli documentary film which follows a group of young Israelis as they struggle to become pilots in their nation's army. But after all that they go through only some will enjoy the honor of wearing those wings. The rest will be ordinary soldiers. After the six days are over they sit the young soldiers down and in a frank tone the leading officer reads off everyone’s names telling them bluntly whether they passed or failed.
 Argosarchus horridus or the New Zealand giant stick insect is a stick insect of the family Phasmatidae endemic to New Zealand and the only member of its genus. Their body-length up to 15 cm is the longest of any New Zealand insect.
 Kangarh (also written as Kan Garh or Kanger) is a small town near the Upper Tanawal valley in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It lies in tehsil Oghi.
 Jablanica is a village in the municipality of Boljevac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 435 people.
 Evening Class is a novel by Maeve Binchy. It was adapted as the award-winning film Italian for Beginners (2000) by writer-director Lone Scherfig who failed to formally acknowledge the source although at the very end of the closing credits is the line 'with thanks to Maeve Binchy'.
 The Samuel W. Temple House is a vacant residential structure located 115 West Shawnee Street in the city of Tecumseh in Lenawee County Michigan in the United States. It was designated as a Michigan Historic Site and added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 13 1986.The house is a two-story gable roofed structure that also has a one-story wing that contains an entrance and porch.
 Inauini River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Adrian Neritani is the Permanent Representative of Albania to the United Nations. He assumed the position in 2006 replacing Agim Nesho.
 Until the End is the third album by Kittie an all-women heavy metal band from London Ontario. It was released in 2004 and included the single Into the Darkness which made its way to radio stations in June that year. A music video was also produced for the song. Into The Darkness made its video debut on MTV2's Headbanger's Ball and peaked at #41 on the US 'Radio & Records Active Rock Songs' chart. The track Red Flags was also released as a promotional single in the fall of 2004.
 Ma. Gracia Cielo Grace Magno Padaca (born October 25 1963) is a Filipino politician and former broadcaster who has been the governor of the northern Luzon province of Isabela Philippines since 2004. She is also the recipient of the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Public Service in 2008.During her childhood she survived polio; she has walked with crutches for most of her life.
 The Codman-Davis House is a four-story red brick 1906 classical revival house in Washington D.C. at 2145 Decatur Place NW (in the Kalorama neighborhood). It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The house is the residence of the Ambassador of Thailand.
 Mynydd Allt-y-grug is a 338-metre-high hill immediately west of Ystalyfera in the county borough of Neath Port Talbot in South Wales. Its twin summits are around 400m apart. The upper part of the hill is largely covered in heather whilst conifers clothe its western slopes and gorse bracken and bramble cover much of its rough landslipped eastern side which rises above the Swansea Valley drainage on this side flowing to the River Tawe.
 Dr. Gerhardus Petrus Christiaan de Kock (14 February 1926 Cape Town — 7 August 1989 Pretoria) was the sixth Governor of the South African Reserve Bank. He was the son of Dr. M.H. de Kock who was the third Governor of the South African Reserve Bank. South Africa's constitutional arrangements were changed during his term in office. The 1st Republic was superseded by the 2nd Republic in late 1984. Dr. de Kock was the first (and only) Governor of the South African Reserve Bank to die in office.
 Metallarcha is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Echinometra mathaei the burrowing urchin is a species of sea urchin in the family Echinometridae. It occurs in shallow waters in the Indo-Pacific region. The type locality is Mauritius.
 Mokas [ˈmɔkas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Sochaczew and 47 km (29 mi) west of Warsaw.
 The Diary of a Teenage Girl is an upcoming American drama film directed and written by Marielle Heller based on the graphic novel The Diary of a Teenage Girl an Account in Words and Pictures by Phoebe Gloeckner. The film stars Kristen Wiig Alexander Skarsgård Christopher Meloni and Bel Powley.
 Ana Theresia Hontiveros (born June 24 1966) commonly known as Risa Hontiveros is a Filipina activist journalist and politician who was the representative of Akbayan Party-list to the Philippines' House of Representatives from 2004 to 2010.
 Language Arts is an album by Canadian alternative hip hop musician Buck 65 released in 1996 on the Four Ways To Rock/Metaphorensics labels (see 1996 in music) and reissued by Warner in 2002.The album is considered the first in the (presently) seven-part Language Arts series also taking in the Vertex Man Overboard Synesthesia Square and Talkin' Honky Blues albums as well as 2006's Strong Arm mixtape made available online.The record saw several pressings with different artwork.
 Glutnitsite is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Parszczyce [parʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Krokowa 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Puck and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 172.
 Once Giants Roamed the Earth is a 2005 fantasy short story by Rosaleen Love.
 Kaleh Namak Kur (Persian: كله نمك كور‎ also Romanized as Kaleh Namak Kūr) is a village in Sedeh Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 381 in 113 families.
 Douglas D. Green known as Doug Green (born c. 1950) is the former Louisiana insurance commissioner who held the office from 1988 to 1991 when he received a 25-year federal sentence for taking $2 million in illegal campaign contributions from owners of insurance companies doing business with the state. Green's predecessor and fellow Democrat Sherman A.
 Boris Sarkisovich Kevorkov (Armenian: Բորիս Կևորկով) (1932 – ?) was the first secretary of the Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast from 1973 until his dismissal in February 1988. He was born in Shamakhi.Although an Armenian Kevorkov was subserviently loyal to Azerbaijani leaders in Baku and resented by the Armenian community. Kevorkov's wife was an Azerbaijani.On 24 February 1988 Kevorkov was removed from office. Genrikh Poghosyan who was much more popular among Armenians took his place.
 Sue Essex (born in Cromford 29 August 1945) is the Welsh Labour politician who was a Member of the National Assembly for Wales for Cardiff North from 1999 to 2007. She was the Welsh Assembly Government Minister for Finance Local Government and Public Services in the Second Assembly 2003-07 and retired at the 2007 election. Brought up in Tottenham she moved to South Wales in 1971 and was at one point leader of Cardiff City Council.
 Jaugeliškiai is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 67 people.
 Tanz der Lemminge (English: Dance of the Lemmings) is a double LP by German rock artists Amon Düül II which was released in 1971.In the Q & Mojo Classic Special Edition Pink Floyd & The Story of Prog Rock the album came #36 in its list of 40 Cosmic Rock Albums.
 Do Not Disturb (originally New Terminal Hotel) is an American horror thriller film written and directed by BC Furtney. The film was originally released on March 23 2010 as New Terminal Hotel but was edited for an August 6 2013 DVD release through Image Entertainment as Do Not Disturb. The movie stars Stephen Geoffreys as a man out to get revenge for the death of his girlfriend. The film is also known for being one of the last film performances of actor Corey Haim before his death in 2010.
 San Pablo Creek is an 18.7-mile-long (30.1 km) creek in Contra Costa County California United States which drains the canyon or valley between the San Pablo Ridge and the Sobrante Ridge parts of the Pacific Coast Ranges east of San Francisco Bay.The creek runs from the southeast to the northwest originating near Orinda and flowing into San Pablo Bay. It drains one of the largest watersheds in the East Bay comprising some 41 square miles (110 km2). The creek has 34 named tributaries.
 Wang Suyi (Chinese: 王素毅; pinyin: Wāng Sùyì; born June 1961) is a former politician of the People's Republic of China.
 Sir Charles Hotham KCB RN (14 January 1806 – 31 December 1855) was Lieutenant-governor and later Governor of Victoria Australia from 22 June 1854 to 10 November 1855.
 All in a Lifetime by Frank Buck with Ferrin Fraser is Buck’s autobiography.Buck spent much of his life collecting wild animals and as a boy was a bit wild himself. He became a bellhop in a Chicago hotel got into bad company and just missed becoming a safe blower. He was a fighting fool who loved the lusty thud of fists on flesh.Buck's marriage to Amy Leslie drama critic for the Chicago Daily News brought him in contact with many people of the stage.
 The Land of Smiles (German:Das Land des Lächelns) is a 1952 West German operetta film directed by Hans Deppe and Erik Ode and starring Mártha Eggerth Jan Kiepura and Walter Müller. It is an adaptation of the operetta The Land of Smiles composed by Franz Lehár which had previously been made into a 1930 film starring Richard Tauber.
 Sanseongsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 603 metres.
 Khareh-ye Aghlan (Persian: خره اغلان‎ also Romanized as Khareh-ye Āghlān) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 6 families.
 They Liked You Better When You Were Dead is the debut EP from British rock band Fightstar released on 28 February 2005 through Sandwich Leg Records. The release proved a critical success in spite of the cynics' initial expectations of the band. It has been said that the EP helped present Fightstar as a British rival to the East Coast alternative rock scene.
 Gibbodon cenensis is an extinct pycnodontid of the family Brembodontidae. G. cenensis' fossils are known from the Late Triassic strata of Cene Italy.It lived sympatrically with its close relative Brembodus.
 Ithu Pathiramanal (English: Sands of Night) is a 2013 Malayalam action film directed by M. Padmakumar starring Unni Mukundan in the lead role with Jayasurya and Ramya Nambeeshan . The shooting locations are in Marayur Pathiramanal and Alapuzha.
 Shōnen Star is the Indonesian version of Weekly Shōnen Sunday published by Elex Media Komputindo (member of Gramedia group) the largest comic publisher in Indonesia on 2005. The magazine published Kurozakuro Robot Boys My Wing Midori's Days etc. Due to government regulation of pornography so the censorship is considered to be too strict. Formerly the magazine is published monthly but as of July 2010 the magazine is published twice a month.
 Rajnota(Hindi: राजनौता) is a village in Kotputli tahsil in Jaipur district in the Indian state of Rajasthan. This is a largest village in Jaipur district.
 The Drag River is a river in the municipalities of Minden Hills and Dysart et al in Haliburton County Southern Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and is a right tributary of the Burnt River.
 The Round Barn near Columbus Grove Ohio United States was a round barn that was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The barn has been destroyed.[citation needed]
 Acrocercops phaeospora is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Karnataka India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1916. The hostplants for the species include Vigna mungo Vigna unguiculata Cleistocalyx operculatus Eugenia cumini Eugenia jambolana Syzygium littorale Madhuca latifolia and Theobroma cacao.
 Micragrella is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Michael Spindelegger (born December 21 1959) is an Austrian politician. He has served in the cabinet of Chancellor Werner Faymann as Finance Minister of Austria since 2013; additionally he is Vice Chancellor since 2011. He was Foreign Minister from 2008 to 2013. Spindelegger is also the leader of the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP) since 2011.
 The Kongakut River flows through parts of North Slope Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins in the Davidson Mountains of the Brooks Range in the northeastern corner of the state near the border with Yukon Territory in Canada. The Kongakut flows generally northeast and north through the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to the Beaufort Sea northwest of Demarcation Point.
 Special Limited Edition is a live EP by Sammy Hagar. It was given for free at retail locations in the St. Louis Missouri area to promote an upcoming concert there on August 23 2003.
 Back at the Chicken Shack is an album by Jimmy Smith. It was recorded in 1960 and released in 1963 on the Blue Note label. It was cited in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
 Walkers is a 1980 horror novel by Gary Brandner. It was the basis for the 1989 TV Miniseries From the Dead of Night starring Lindsay Wagner Bruce Boxleitner and Diahann Carroll although the original novel was changed extensively for the TV film.
 J.S. Schroeder Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1991. It is located in the Downtown Historic District of Peabody Kansas United States.
 The Uptown Theater also known as The Uptown or AMC Loews Uptown 1 is a historic single-screen movie theater in the Cleveland Park neighborhood of Washington D.C.
 Probability Sun is a 2001 science fiction novel by Nancy Kress a sequel to her 2000 publication Probability Moon. It was followed in 2002 by Probability Space which won the John W. Campbell Memorial Award.The novel concerns a military expedition to the planet World where aliens live who have developed a strange form of telepathy or collective unconscious shared reality which causes piercing head-pain whenever Worlders attempt to hold strongly differing opinions.
 The Gamble (originally titled La partita) is a 1988 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina. It was shot in Rome and Venice. The film is based on the novel with the same name written by Alberto Ongaro. It was generally panned by critics.
 Tu Cheng-sheng (Chinese: 杜正勝; pinyin: Dù Zhèngshèng) is a Taiwanese politician historian. Tu served as the Minister of Education of the Republic of China during Chen Shui-bian's second term as President.
 The White Flower was a 1923 American silent romantic drama film written and directed by Julia Crawford Ivers and starring Betty Compson and Edmund Lowe. Ivers' son James Van Trees was the film's cinematographer. Set in Hawaii the film was shot on location in Honolulu. The White Flower is now considered lost.
 The Hinckley Homestead is a historic house at 1740 South County Road in the Marstons Mills area of Barnstable Massachusetts. The 1-1/2 story Cape house was probably built c. 1750 although local historians assert it may have been built earlier. Its likely builder was Edmund Hinckley grandson of early settler Samuel Hinckley.
 Aristotle's catfish (Silurus aristotelis) is a species of fish in the Siluridae family. It is endemic to Greece where it occurs in the Acheloos River drainage. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes. It is threatened by habitat loss. This species grows to a length of 46 centimetres (18 in) TL and is of importance to local commercial fisheries.
 Boune is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Kansapuram (Tamil:கான்சாபுரம்) is a village in the foothills of the Western Ghats in Virudhunagar District Tamil Nadu India. It is located 2 kilometres south of Koomapatti and 7 kilometres west of Watrap. Kansapuram has road connections to the district headquarters of Southern Tamil Nadu including Madurai Virudhunagar and Tirunelveli. Tourist attractions such as Courtallam Madurai Kodaikanal and Tiruchendur are day trips from Kansapuram.
 Transtillaspis cherada is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Paraná).
 Thomas J. Curry was sworn in as the 30th Comptroller of the Currency of the United States on April 9 2012. Prior to becoming Comptroller of the Currency Curry served as a Director of the FDIC since January 2004 and as the Chairman of the NeighborWorks America Board of Directors. Prior to joining the FDIC’s Board of Directors Curry served as Commissioner of Banks for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts from 1990 to 1991 and from 1995 to 2003.
 Datuk Latt Shariman Abdullah is the Special Function Officer to the Dato' Seri Najib Bin Tun Abdul Razak Prime Minister of Malaysia. Latt Shariman is also the UMNO Kuala Kedah Division Chief.
 Łękawica [wɛnkaˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryszów within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Stryszów 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Wadowice and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1200.
 Tymbophora peltastis is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Australia.The wingspan is about 20 mm.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species.
 Pasquale J. (Pat) D'Amuro is an American terrorism authority former intelligence agent and television analyst. In a career of 26 years he rose to the third position of the FBI. Since then he continues his career in business and education.
 The Fortress of Solitude is a 2003 semi-autobiographical novel by Jonathan Lethem set in Brooklyn and spanning the 1970s '80s and '90s. It follows two teenage friends Dylan Ebdus and Mingus Rude one white and one black who discover a magic ring. The novel explores the issues of race and culture gentrification self-discovery and music.
 Death in Venice is a novella written by the German author Thomas Mann first published in 1912 as Der Tod in Venedig. The work presents a great writer suffering writer's block who visits Venice and is liberated uplifted and then increasingly obsessed by the sight of a stunningly beautiful youth.
 The Honourable David Frank Crisafulli (born 14 April 1979) is a Liberal National politician who is the Minister for Local Government Community Recovery and Resilience and the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Mundingburra having won the seat at the 2012 state election.Born and raised in Ingham Queensland Crisafulli graduated with a Bachelor of Journalism degree from James Cook University in Townsville in 2000 having juggled both work and study commitments since 1997.In 1998 he returned to his home town of Ingham as a cadet reporter at the Herbert River Express.In 2000 Crisafulli moved into television becoming a journalist with WIN News in Townsville and was made Chief of Staff of the Townsville newsroom in 2002. 
 Demetrios J. Marantis (born May 28 1968) is an American lawyer and government official. He served as the acting United States Trade Representative (USTR) from March 15 2013 until May 23 2013. He served as the Deputy Trade Representative under Ron Kirk and became the acting Trade Representative when Kirk resigned in March 2013.Marantis attended Harrison High School in Harrison New York. He received a Bachelor of Arts in public and international affairs from Princeton University in 1990.
 Matthew Ellis is the Conservative Police and Crime Commissioner for Staffordshire Police. He is the first person to hold the post and was elected on 15 November 2012.
 Standing In the Line of Fire is an album released by Gary U.S. Bonds in 1984 under the band title of Gary U.S. Bonds and the American Men. The album was a follow up to his two Springsteen/Van Zandt produced albums Dedication and On the Line though the only carry-over from the previous two albums was Steven Van Zandt who wrote sang backing vocals for and played lead guitar on the title track. The album also features a cover of Ritchie Valens' Come On Let's Go.
 Go West Young Man is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Mae West Warren William and Randolph Scott. Released by Paramount Pictures and based on the play Personal Appearance by Lawrence Riley the film is about a movie star who gets stranded out in the country and trifles with a young man's affections. The phrase Go West Young Man is often attributed to New York Tribune founder Horace Greeley and often misattributed to Indiana journalist John B. L.
 Será is the 12th studio album recorded by Spanish band Presuntos Implicados released on September 16 2008. The album was the first since the departure of Sole Giménez in 2006 and marked the debut of new singer Lydia.
 The River Crane is a river in west London England and is a tributary of the River Thames.
 The Middleton Family at the New York World's Fair is a 1939 American film directed by Robert R. Snody produced by Westinghouse for their exhibit at the 1939 New York World's Fair.In 2012 the film was added to the National Film Registry.
 Bonjour Timothy is a 1995 Canadian-New Zealand romantic comedy film about a New Zealand teenager who falls in love with the French Canadian exchange student his family is hosting.
 Satabdi Roy (Bengali: শতাব্দী রায়; born 5 October 1968) is an Indian actress and politician from West Bengal. She is acting since 1986 in Bengali film industry and serving as a Member of Parliament since 2009.
 The Backyard is a 1920 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Thomas Crabtree Three-Decker is historic triple-decker house at 22 Haynes Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built in 1914 it is a remarkably well-preserved and detailed example of the style in Worcester's University Park neighborhood. It has a typical side hall plan and a hip roof that sports a small gable dormer on the front elevation. It has projecting bays on the front and left sides.
 †'Carelia necra was a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea. This species was endemic to the Hawaiian Islands.
 The Oshkosh Public Museum is museum located in Oshkosh Wisconsin United States. It is housed in the Edgar and Mary Jewell Sawyer House which is part of the Algoma Boulevard Historic District and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 A Cottage on Dartmoor (a.k.a. Escape from Dartmoor) is a 1929 British silent film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Norah Baring and Uno Henning. It was the last of Asquith's four silent films produced exactly on the cusp of the transition from silents to talkies in British cinema a point which is referenced in the film itself.
 Tribal Scars is a collection of short stories by Senegalese author Ousmane Sembène. It was originally published in French as Voltaique.
 St. Anthony of Padua Roman Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in Wilmington Delaware. Named in honor of Anthony of Padua it falls within the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wilmington and operated through the Oblates of St. Francis de Sales. It is situated in Wilmington's Little Italy neighborhood where the parish includes St.
 Union Creek Historic District near the upper Rogue River in Union Creek Oregon is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places for rustic structures built by the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) in the 1930s.
 Prodajus ostendensis is a species of marine isopod in the family Dajidae and is found in the North Sea. It is an ectoparasite of the opossum shrimp Gastrosaccus spinifer. It is normally found living in the host's marsupium and devouring its eggs.
 Monte Triomen is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 E. Von Dahl Killed the Locals is the debut album by The Matches originally self-released in 2003 and later re-released on Epitaph Records in 2004.The self release contained the track Superman which was removed from the Epitaph re-release because the band felt it would be a good bonus to those fans who had been with them from the beginning.
 Destroyer Duck was an anthology comic book published by Eclipse Comics in 1982 as well as the title of its primary story written by Steve Gerber and featuring artwork by Jack Kirby.The book was published as a way to help Gerber raise funds for a lawsuit he was embroiled in at the time in which he was battling industry giant Marvel Comics over the ownership of the character Howard the Duck which Gerber created for the company in 1973.
 Pa Simon Achidi Achu (born 5 November 1934) is a Cameroonian politician who served as the Prime Minister of Cameroon from 1992 to 1996. Previously he was Minister of Justice from 1972 to 1975. A leading member of the Cameroon People's Democratic Movement (CPDM) Achidi Achu was appointed as Chairman of the National Investment Corporation in 2003 and he was elected to the Senate of Cameroon in 2013.
 Waddell's Station was a stage stand on the old Butterfield Overland Mail route in Indian Territory. It was located in what is now Atoka County Oklahoma. It is sometimes confused with Roger's Station a post-Civil War stage stand and post office which was three miles (5 km) in an easterly direction from Waddell's.Waddell's Station was added to the National Register of Historic Places (#72001054) in 1972.
 John William Cummings (August 25 1855 – August 28 1929) was an American lawyer and politician who served in the both branches of the Massachusetts legislature in the Massachusetts Constitutional Convention of 1917 and as the 14th and 16th Mayor of Fall River Massachusetts.
 Dolge Company Factory Complex also known as Alfred Dolge and Sons Felt and Sounding Board Factories and Daniel Green Factory Complex is a national historic district located at Dolgeville in Herkimer County New York. The district contains 10 contributing buildings and one contributing structure.
 Abraham Iyambo (2 February 1961 – 2 February 2013) was a Namibian politician. Iyambo was a member of the National Assembly since 1995 and was the Minister of Education prior to his death. Iyambo was a member of both the Central Committee and Political Bureau of the SWAPO Party and the Chairperson of its Think Tank.
 Baranowo [baraˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszwica within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Nuuk Cathedral (Greenlandic: Annaassisitta Oqaluffia) or Church of Our Saviour is a wooden Lutheran cathedral in the Old Nuuk neighborhood of Nuuk the capital of Greenland. It was established in 1849. The red building with its spire is a prominent site on the landscape. During National Day celebrations large crowds usually gather around the church.
 Scanner Cop is a 1994 Canadian film. It is the fourth film in the Scanners series and the first film in the Scanner Cop series. It was written produced and directed by Pierre David.
 The Australasian Darter or Australian Darter (Anhinga novaehollandiae) is a species of bird in the darter family Anhingidae. It is found in Australia Indonesia New Zealand and Papua New Guinea.
 St Senara's Church or The Church of Saint Senara in Zennor Churchtown Cornwall England UK is the parish church of the parish of Zennor. It is in the Deanery of Penwith Archdeaconry of Cornwall and Diocese of Truro. It is dedicated to the local saint Saint Senara and is at least 1400 years old though it was rebuilt in the 12th century. It is a Grade I listed building.
 The Parus Business Centre (Ukrainian: Бізнес Центр «Парус») is a 34-story class-A office building in Kiev the capital of Ukraine. It is located at the very centre of the city between Mechnikova St. and Lesi Ukrainky Blvd. (municipal address: 2 Mechnikova St.) and is currently the second highest building in the country.Construction of the building began in 2004 and ended in February 2007.
 An Apology for the Life of Mrs. Shamela Andrews or simply Shamela as it is more commonly known is a satirical novel written by Henry Fielding and first published in April 1741 under the name of Mr. Conny Keyber. Fielding never owned to writing the work but it is widely considered to be his. It is a direct attack on the then-popular novel Pamela (November 1740) by Fielding's contemporary and rival Samuel Richardson and is composed like Pamela in epistolary form.
 Kolashlu (Persian: كلشلو‎ also Romanized as Kolashlū; also known as Golashlū) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Newjack: Guarding Sing Sing is a non-fiction book by Ted Conover published in 2000. In the book Conover a journalist and university professor recounts his experience of learning about the New York State correctional system by becoming a correctional officer for nearly a year. The author went to such lengths after being repeatedly denied cooperation by the New York State Department of Correctional Services. In the book he divulges the inner-workings of the system.
 Return to the Land of Wonders is a documentary film made almost single-handedly by Maysoon Pachachi in 2003–04. Pachachi went returned to Iraq after an absence of 30 years when her father Adnan Pachachi was appointed to the Iraqi Governing Council in the aftermath of the invasion of Iraq. She brought a video camera with her to document conditions in Iraq and her father's participation in the drafting of Iraq's interim constitution.
 Aramark Tower formerly known as One Reading Center is a high-rise office building located in the Center City region of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The building stands 412 feet (126 meters) tall with 32 floors and is currently the 23rd-tallest building in the city.The building was originally conceived by the Reading Company while in a state of bankruptcy as a way to capitalize on its real estate holdings in Center City.
 John D. Hawke served as the United States Under Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance from 1995 to 1998 and was United States Comptroller of the Currency from 1998 to 2004.
 Needle in the Groove is a 1999 novel by Jeff Noon. A music/spoken word CD was released on the same day as the book.It tells its story through the eyes of Elliot a young twenty-something bassist as he finds himself playing bass for Glam Damage a new DJ-based band who are experimenting with a new recording technology - a weird liquid/drug that remixes music when shaken.
 Bekahdan (Persian: بكهدان‎ also Romanized as Bekahdān; also known as Bekdūn and Qeshlāq) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 817 in 190 families.
 Human Crossing (人間交差点 Ningen Kōsaten) (aka. Human Scramble) is a Japanese manga written by Masao Yajima and illustrated by Kenshi Hirokane. The manga is about a series of unrelated stories of people's life and their lessons in life. Human Crossing received the 1985 Shogakukan Manga Award for seinen/general's manga.
 St John's Church High Legh is in the village of High Legh Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Knutsford the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice was united with that of St Paul Over Tabley until 1 March 2011. Each parish now has its own benefice. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Piasecznia [pjaˈsɛt͡ʂɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kadzidło 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 116 km (72 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 360.
 Jan Barazan (Persian: جان برازان‎ also Romanized as Jān Barāzān; also known as Jombarzan Jumbarazun and Maḩalleh-ye Jān Bārāzūn) is a village in Shirkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 84 families.
 Milk Creek Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range on the west slope of Mount Jefferson. Milk Creek Glacier is situated at an elevation between 10000 and 9200 ft (3000 and 2800 m). Milk Creek Glacier is considered stagnant ice and is located immediately west and below the summit of Mount Jefferson.
 The Bushwren (Xenicus longipes) Bush Wren or Mātuhituhi in Maori was a very small and almost flightless bird endemic to New Zealand. It grew to about 9 cm long and 16 g in weight. It fed mostly on invertebrates which it captured by running along the branches of trees. It nested on or near the ground. It was widespread throughout the main islands of the country until the late 19th century when mustelids were introduced and joined rats as invasive mammalian predators.
 Rock Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada. It has about 5 or so cabins on it and its located next to Little rock lake or as the locals call it 'the second lake'.
 Air/Cook/Sky is the fourth album by Hitomi Yaida released on 29 October 2003. The singles from this album were Kodoku na Cowboy and Hitori Jenga. The album title is an anagram of Yaiko rocks.
 The World According to Kipling (A Plain Tale from the Hills) is a 2000 fantasy short story by Geoffrey Maloney.
 Thomasomys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae named after British zoologist Oldfield Thomas. Nuclear DNA sequence analysis has indicated that it is a sister taxon to Rhagomys.
 Appetite for Disctruction is the first regular album by the German IDM group Funkstörung. The name is a pun on the Guns N' Roses record Appetite for Destruction. The CD jewel case designed by The Designers Republic was printed with a silver pattern of the album title. Designers Republic also designed the sleeve for the only single from this album Grammy Winners and produced the accompanying music video.
 Dr. Killi Krupa Rani (born 19 November 1965) is an Indian politician. She is a member of the Indian Parliament and currently represents Srikakulam (Lok Sabha constituency). she belongs to Indian National Congress.
 Assassin's Apprentice is the first novel in Robin Hobb's Farseer Trilogy. It was her first book under this pseudonym and was published in 1995. The book was written under the working title Chivalry’s Bastard. The stories of characters found in the Farseer Trilogy continue in the Tawny Man Trilogy. Another trilogy The Liveship Traders is set in the same world and in the same timeframe with some crossover.
 The Cathedral of St. William the Hermit also known as the San Fernando Cathedral is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Fernando de La Union in the Philippines (Dioecesis Ferdinandopolitana ab Unione). The diocese comprising the civil province of La Union was created on January 19 1970 and canonically erected on April 11 1970 with Saint William the Hermit as the titular saint. It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Lingayen-Dagupan.
 The Smoke Ring is a 1987 science fiction novel by Larry Niven. Like much of Niven's work the story is heavily influenced by the setting: a gas torus a ring of air around a neutron star. It is a sequel to The Integral Trees.
 Hito Natsu no Kids Game (ひと夏のKIDSゲーム Hito Natsu no KIDS Gēmu) is a short debut manga work by Ken Akamatsu the creator of Love Hina. The manga was published on September issue of Kodansha’s Magazine Fresh on September 10 1993. Ken Akamatsu later received Kodansha’s Freshman Manga Award (Japanese: 新人漫画賞/少年マガジン新人賞) and Special Jury Award (Japanese: 審査員特別賞) for this work. The manga was re-published on 20 May 2001.
 Westfield South Shore is a super-regional shopping mall in Bay Shore New York USA. The mall is owned by the Westfield Group and has 1165000 square feet (108232 m2) of gross leasable area. The mall originally opened as the South Shore Mall on August 30 1963.
 Ballard Smith was a soldier and congressman from Virginia.Smith was born in Hanover County Virginia. In the Revolutionary War he rose to the now-defunct rank of captain lieutenant in the 1st Virginia Regiment of the Continental Army.
 The Beartooth Highway is an All-American Road that has been called the most beautiful drive in America by late CBS correspondent Charles Kuralt. Because of heavy snowfall at the top the pass is usually open each year only from mid May through mid October weather conditions permitting. It is carried by U.S. Route 212.
 Goraesan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. Its area extends across Gapyeong County and Yeoju County. Goraesan has an elevation of 542.5 m (1780 ft).
 Bomba! (ボンバ! Bonba!) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1970.
 The Bogies is a comic strip in The Dandy and Turbo Extreme. It features bunches of nasal mucas and their adventures. Many of the characters names are twists on some famous person or character from pop culture. These characters will often act like celebrities but in a gross manner. It originally appeared in Toxic in 2005 but it moved to The Dandy in June 2008. It has been drawn since the beginning by Nigel Auchterlounie.
 Craniophora pontica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the southern Balkans through the Near East and parts of the Middle East to Afghanistan. In the Levant it has been recorded from Lebanon and Israel.Adults are on wing from April to May and in September. There are two generations per year.The larvae feed on Fraxinus species.
 After the Divorce is a novel by Italian author Grazia Deledda.
 Speed Connection II – The Final Chapter (Live In Paris 85) is a live album by The Fleshtones. The album was recorded live at The Gibus Club Paris France on March 7 1985. The band were booked to play nine shows at the club over a two-week span in two segments (March 5–9 and March 13–16). The opening band for these shows were Les Playboys.The band had recorded the first show (March 5 1985) and - at the urging of the French division of I.R.S.
 Church of the Advent Episcopal is a historic church at 122 N. Walnut Street in Cynthiana Kentucky.It was built in 1855 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 Technopoly: The Surrender of Culture to Technology is a book by Neil Postman published in 1992 that describes the development and characteristics of a technopoly. He defines a technopoly as a society in which technology is deified meaning “the culture seeks its authorisation in technology finds its satisfactions in technology and takes its orders from technology”.
 10000 Days is a studio album by Saga their eighteenth album of new material. At the time of the recording of the album this would be the last album recorded with lead vocalist Michael Sadler who appeared on all previous Saga albums. Sadler left Saga for family reasons at the end of the 2007 tour but as of January 28 2011 Saga announced his return to the band.
 Vol IV: Johnny Pyro and the Dance of Evil is the third album by the Irish funk-rock band Republic of Loose. Released on May 2 2008 it had achieved gold status in the band's native Ireland by the end of the year.The album spawned four singles : I Like Music The Steady Song (the band's biggest hit to date) The Ritual and Awful Cold.
 The Clarée is a river in southeastern France a tributary to the Durance. Its source is in the Cottian Alps near Mont Thabor and Valloire. It flows for all of its course in the Hautes-Alpes department. Its confluence with the Durance is near the hamlet of Les Alberts not far from the source of the Durance in the ski resort of Montgenevre.The upper reaches of the river are in a military exercise range. This is where the French army from their base in Briançon train in the mountains.
 The War Wagon is a 1967 Western film starring John Wayne and Kirk Douglas released by Universal Pictures directed by Burt Kennedy produced by Marvin Schwartz and adapted by Clair Huffaker from his own novel. The picture which features Wayne in one of his few roles as technically a bad guy (i.e. acting outside the law) received generally positive reviews.
 Shestan Olya (Persian: شستان عليا‎ also Romanized as Shestān ‘Olyā; also known as Shastān-e Bālā Shāshtū Shastān and Shishtu) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 23 families.
 Nursing Older People is a monthly journal which publishes original research and clinical articles relevant to the practice of nursing Older People.
 Salmo pallaryi was a species of trout that inhabited a single lake in the Atlas mountains of northern Morocco at higher than 2000 metres altitude. It went extinct in the 1930s probably because of introduction of common carp in the lake. Only two individuals remain in museum collections.
 Marie-Hélène Crombé-Berton is a Belgian politician and a member of the MR. She was elected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2007.
 The Rana Marsupial (Gastrotheca testudinea) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is found in Bolivia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Limnophorini are a tribe of flies belonging to the family Muscidae. Although the name-giving genus is Limnophora this was actually described only after the more characteristic and easily recognized Lispe.
 The São Bartolomeu River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Isle of Love is a 1922 recut of a 1918 silent drama film Over the Rhine starring female impersonator Julian Eltinge. The film also contained two actors unknown during filming: Virginia Rappe and Rudolph Valentino. The film went through various recuts and rereleases during the 1920s and is generally known for its cast.
 The Colorado Lawyer (commonly abbreviated Colo. Law.) is a monthly law review published by the Colorado Bar Association. The journal was established in 1972 and the editor-in-chief is Leona Martinez.
 Shahrak-e Behruzi (Persian: شهرك بهروزي‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Behrūzī) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District in the Central District of Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 375 in 67 families.
 Lagoon Engine Einsatz (ラグーンエンジン アインザッツ Ragūn Enjin Ainzattsu romanized as Lagūnenjin Einsatz in Japan) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yukiru Sugisaki that has appeared in Newtype USA since October 2004. In July 2005 an announcement was made that ADV Manga would be distributing the series as graphic novels starting November that year one volume has been released so far.
 The São Pedro River (Alonzo River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Jewish Children's Museum is the largest Jewish-themed children's museum in the United States. It aims for children of all faiths and backgrounds to gain a positive perspective and awareness of the Jewish heritage fostering tolerance and understanding. The permanent collection features exhibits designed to be both educational and entertaining to children often employing interactive multimedia.
 Loaded is a 2008 American drama/crime film directed by Alan Pao.
 Whitewater Creek is a stream in Mesa County Colorado with elevations that range from 1415 feet (431 m) to 4642 feet (1415 m). The traverses from Land's End to Whitewater Colorado.
 Martin Cullen (born 2 November 1954) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Waterford constituency. Cullen was a member of Seanad Éireann (1989–1992) and served as Minister for the Environment Heritage and Local Government (2002–2004) Minister for Transport (2004–2007) and Minister for Social and Family Affairs (2007–2008) and as Minister for Arts Sport and Tourism from 2008–2010.
 The Independent (formerly The Evening Independent) is an American daily newspaper published weekdays and Saturdays in Massillon Ohio.
 Chris Widener is a member of the Ohio Senate. Widener represents the 10th Senate District which includes Madison Clark and Greene counties. Before the Senate he served three terms in the Ohio House of Representatives. He is the Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee.
 The Pittock Block is a historic building in downtown Portland Oregon occupying a city block between SW 9th and 10th Avenues SW Stark and Washington Streets and west of O'Bryant Square.
 Basiliek is a restaurant in Harderwijk in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star in the period 2007–present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Head chef of Basiliek is Rik Jansma.Basiliek was founded in 2006 after Rik Jansma and Andrea van Zoomeren bought the closed down Michelin starred restaurant Olivio. Jansma had worked as sous chef in Olivio prior to the closure.
 Półwsie [ˈpuu̯fɕe] (German: Halbendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) south of Bolków 18 km (11 mi) south of Jawor and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław. The village has a population of 60.
 Srocza Góra [ˈsrɔt͡ʂa ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Toszek 16 km (10 mi) north of Gliwice and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Nanodacna vinacea is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Sardarabad (Persian: سرداراباد‎ also Romanized as Sardārābād) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 372 in 66 families.
 Dichbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Black Fire is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Sonni Cooper.
 Phyllonorycter joannisi is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in most of Europe (except Ireland the Iberian Peninsula and the Balkan Peninsula).The wingspan is 6.5–9 mm. Adults are on wing in May and August in two generations.The larvae feed on Acer platanoides. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a fairly large and rounded mine on the underside of a leaf between two veins but not necessarily touching both and sometimes situated at the leaf edge.
 Loensia fasciata is a species of Psocoptera from Liposcelididae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland. The species are yellowish-black.
 Tadateru Konoe (近衛忠揮 Konoe Tadateru born 8 May 1939) is the president of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC).Tadateru Konoé is the 50th Head of the Konoe family. President of Japanese Red Cross Society since 2005 Tadateru Konoé has dedicated his entire professional career to domestic and international Red Cross Red Crescent activities. In 2009 and again in 2013 Mr.
 Things That Go Bump is a season of plays (often regarded as a trilogy) performed in 2008 by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.Unlike Ayckbourn's previous trilogies where all three plays were written for the same season the three plays in this set were written over a period of fourteen years. The first play Haunting Julia was written in 1994 and Snake in the Grass was written in 2002 as a companion piece.
 For Better For Worse Forever is a young adult novel by Lurlene McDaniel published in August 1997. It continues the story of April Lancaster which began in the novel Till Death Do Us Part. The novel begins at the close of the previous story as April is crowned the winner of a beauty pageant for young women with chronic medical conditions.
 The Calvaria Church (Romanian: Biserica Calvaria; Hungarian: Kálvária templom) is a Roman Catholic religious building in Satu Mare Romania and one of the oldest churches in the city. Located on Mihai Eminescu Street it was originally built in 1844 and stands in place of a the old fortress Castrum-Zothmar. Its original walls broke after the foundation caved over the sandy ground. The church was rebuilt from the ground up by the Weszelovszky brothers in 1908-1909.
 The lettered olive Oliva sayana is a species of large predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Olividae the olive shells olive snails or olives.
 Pamphilius is a genus of leaf-rolling sawflies within the Symphyta belonging to the family Pamphiliidae.
 Kozłowo [kɔˈzwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The chalcid wasp Ixodiphagus hookeri lays its eggs into ticks. It seems to use a symbiotic virus to weaken the tick's immune system.Ticks from these genera are infected:AmblyommaDermacentorHaemaphysalisHyalommaIxodes (for example Ixodes ricinus)RhipicephalusBecause of the importance of I. hookeri as a natural enemy of ticks it has been extensively researched.
 Albysjön (Swedish for Lake of Alby) is a lake in Tyresö Municipality just south of Stockholm in Sweden.The small lake is the last lake in the Tyresån Lake System. Surrounded by green spaces and pastures it is popular for bathing angling canoeing and other open-air activities. Motor engines are prohibited.
 Rudenia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Probostwo Górne [prɔˈbɔstfɔ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 The Battle is a 1911 American war film directed by D. W. Griffith. The film was set during the American Civil War. It was shot in Fort Lee New Jersey where many early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based at the beginning of the 20th century. Prints of the film survive in several film archives around the world including the Museum of Modern Art UCLA Film and Television Archive George Eastman House and the Filmoteca Española.
 Hell Is the Absence of God is a 2001 novelette by Ted Chiang first published in Starlight #3; in 2002 the story won a Hugo Award a Nebula Award and a Locus Award. It was also a finalist for the 2002 Theodore Sturgeon Award and won the 2004 Seiun Award.
 Krnješevci (Serbian Cyrillic: Крњешевци) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Stara Pazova municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1025 people (2002 census).
 Double Play! is a 1957 jazz album featuring pianists Russ Freeman and André Previn. It was recorded and released in 1957 on Contemporary Records and re-released and remastered in 1993 on Original Jazz Classics.Together with drummer Shelly Manne the album includes eight baseball-themed original compositions by Freeman and Previn along with the standard Take Me Out to the Ball Game.
 Lorraine A. Cortés-Vázquez was the 65th Secretary of State of New York serving in the Cabinet of Governor David Paterson. She originally served in the Cabinet of former Governor Eliot Spitzer and remained in office following Paterson's taking over the governorship on March 17 2008. A former Vice President for Government and Public Affairs with Cablevision she was Chief of staff to former New York Assemblyman Roberto Ramirez.
 Mantis in Lace is a 1968 sexploitation film directed by William Rotsler and produced by Harry Novak. At least two differently-edited versions have been released one of which has more emphasis on the sexual aspect of the film and one of which emphasizes its violent storyline. The movie may have also been released under the name of the main character Lila.
 Turó de Sant Elies is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1003 m (3291 ft) above sea level.
 Leaving Lotus is the third album by German experimental metal band Counter-World Experience.
 Cheqa Kabud (Persian: چقاكبود‎ also Romanized as Cheqā Kabūd; also known as Chega Kabūd Cheqād Kabūd and Cheqā Kabūd-e Seyāh Seyāh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1601 in 341 families.
 Railnews is a national monthly newspaper and news website for the British railway network.
 Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel and starring Tom Hanks Daryl Hannah John Candy Eugene Levy and Dody Goodman. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. The original music score was composed by Lee Holdridge. It was the first film released by Touchstone Films.
 Le Bal des Voleurs (Thieves' Carnival) is a play written by French playwright Jean Anouilh first staged at Théâtre des Arts Paris on 17 August 1938.
 Mount Butak is a stratovolcano in East Java province on Java island Indonesia. It is a massive volcano adjacent to Mount Kawi. There are no historical records of its eruptions.
 It's Like This is an album by American singer/songwriter Rickie Lee Jones released in 2000.
 Castle Rackrent a short novel by Maria Edgeworth published in 1800 is often regarded as the first historical novel the first regional novel in English the first Anglo-Irish novel the first Big House novel and the first saga novel.It is also widely regarded as the first novel to use the device of a narrator who is both unreliable and an observer of rather than a player in the actions he chronicles.
 Dos amigos y un amor is a 1938 Argentine musical film comedy directed by Lucas Demare. The film was premièred in Buenos Aires.
 The Wedding March (1928) is a silent film directed by and starring Erich von Stroheim. It also stars Fay Wray and ZaSu Pitts. Paramount Pictures forced von Stroheim to create two films from the footage the second being The Honeymoon (eventually re-edited back into one film for a re-release). The Honeymoon is now a lost film the only known copy destroyed in a fire in France in 1957.
 The Daily Trojan or DT is the student newspaper of the University of Southern California. The newspaper is a forum for student expression and is written edited and managed by university students. The paper is intended to inform USC students faculty and staff on the latest news and provide opinion and entertainment.
 Eden Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 25 km (16 mi) east of Woss and 4 km (2 mi) southwest of Mount Romeo.
 Matthew P. Matt Denn (born February 9 1966) is an American lawyer and politician from New Castle County Delaware. He is a member of the Democratic Party who was the Insurance Commissioner of Delaware and is currently the 25th Lieutenant Governor of Delaware.
 20 minutes is a French-language edition of 20 Minuten a German-language newspaper published in Switzerland launched on 8 March 2006 by Tamedia for the Romandie. As of 2008 it had a circulation of 221560.
 Hank Williams: The Show He Never Gave (1980) is a color movie from Canada that runs for 86 minutes. It was released by Simcom Limited and made by the production company the Film Consortium Of Canada. The movie stars Sneezy Waters as Hank Williams Sr. It also stars Dixie Seatle Sean McCann Jackie Washington Joel Zifkin and Sean Hewitt. The film was produced by Henk Van Der Kolk and William T. Marshall. Helga Stephenson was the executive producer. It was directed by David Acomba.
 Oliva venulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Bilyabin (Persian: بيليابين‎ also Romanized as Bīlyābīn) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 55 families.
 Western Gunfighters is the name of two American Western-anthology comic book series published by Marvel Comics and its 1950s forerunner Atlas Comics.That initial Atlas series ran eight issues from 1956 to 1957 and featured artists including Gene Colan Reed Crandall Joe Maneely John Severin Alex Toth Al Williamson and Wally Wood with many stories written by Stan Lee.Volume two published by Marvel from 1970 to 1975 consisted mostly of Western reprints but also featured new material including stories of the masked Old West hero Ghost Rider and the introductions of such short-lived Western features as Gunhawk and Renegades by writers including Gary Friedrich and Superman co-creator Jerry Siegel and artists including Dick Ayers and Tom Sutton.
 The Walnut Orb-weaver Spider (Nuctenea umbratica) is a spider of the Araneidae family.
 The Portuguese Journal of Social Science is a multidisciplinary English-language peer-reviewed academic journal published twice each year by ISCTE – Lisbon University Institute. It covers research by Portuguese scholars or which concerns Portugal or is being conducted as part of a project involving Portuguese institutions and organisations.
 Harvest for the World is the fourteenth album released by The Isley Brothers on their T-Neck imprint in May 1976.
 ...When the Angels Make Contact is the third album by Matt Mays released in 2006.
 Love In Bright Landscapes is an anthology of The Triffids' songs from their album EP and single releases in the period 1983 - 1985 during which time the group were resident in Perth Sydney and London. Three additional songs from the same sources were also included on the later CD release of the album.All the songs were written by David McComb (with the exception of Raining Pleasure which was co-written by James Paterson and You Don't Miss Your Water which was written by William Bell).
 The Peștiș River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 Jadranka Kosor (pronounced [jǎdraːnka kɔ̂sɔr]; born 1 July 1953) is a Croatian politician who served as Prime Minister of Croatia from 2009 to 2011 having taken office following the sudden resignation of her predecessor Ivo Sanader. Kosor was the first woman to become Prime Minister of Croatia since independence.Kosor started working as a journalist following her graduation on the Zagreb Law School.
 Starring Jo Stafford is a 1953 album by Jo Staffordwith Paul Weston and His Orchestra accompaniment by The Starlighters and The Pied Pipers. The album was re-released in 1997 on a CD along with Autumn in New York by EMI.
 Bill the Galactic Hero is a satirical science fiction novel by Harry Harrison first published in 1965.Harrison reports having been approached by a Vietnam veteran who described Bill as the only book that's true about the military.
 Gari Sarab (Persian: گري سراب‎ also Romanized as Garī Sarāb) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 11 families.
 Without Your Love is the first solo studio album by American witch house recording artist and producer oOoOO. It was released June 24 2013 by Nihjgt Feelings.Without Your Love is following two previous successful EP efforts by oOoOO oOoOO EP and Our Loving is Hurting Us. Mouchette was inspired by the French art house film of the same title by Robert Bresson.
 Šance Dam also known as devils thumb (Czech: Vodní nádrž Šance) is a water reservoir and dam in the Moravian-Silesian Beskids mountain range Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. The dam is built on upper course of the Ostravice River and has a surface of 3.37 km². It was constructed in 1964-1969 and began operating in 1974. Part of the village of Staré Hamry was demolished and subsequently flooded during the construction.
 Thambi (English: Younger Brother) is Tamil film released in 2006. The Madhavan Pooja starrer is directed by Seeman. It carries the message that violence doesn't pay and is not the answer to the problems of today.
 Peter J. Koutoujian (born September 17 1961 in Newton Massachusetts) is an American politician who is the current Sheriff of Middlesex County Massachusetts and a former member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
 Malagonia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Harry E. Mitchell (born July 18 1940) is a former U.S. Representative who represented Arizona's 5th congressional district from 2007 until 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
 Katha (English: Story) (Hindi: कथा ) is a 1983 Hindi film by Sai Paranjpye featuring Naseeruddin Shah Farooq Shaikh and Deepti Naval in the main roles. The film is about the daily lives of people living in a Mumbai chawl.It was shot on location at Salunke Chawl near Churchgate. Jalal Agha and Sarika made guest appearances in the movie. Apparently one of the principal characters played by Faroukh Sheikh was named Basu Bhatt after filmmaker Basu Bhattacharya.
 Star Trek: Vanguard is a series of Star Trek books set during the time period of the original television series. It consists of seven novels one novella collection and one eBook.A Star Trek: S.C.E. eBook Distant Early Warning also acts as a prequel to the Vanguard storyline.
 Chindini is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 1107.
 First Baptist Church historically named Shiloh Baptist Church is a historic church at 506 E. 8th Street in Chattanooga Tennessee.The congregation was organized in 1866 as Shiloh Baptist Church by a group of men who had served as soldiers in the Union Army during the Civil War. Initially they worshiped in a blacksmith shop; subsequently they met for worship in members' homes. The church building was built in 1885 with the labor of former slaves.
 Street of Shadows (French: Mademoiselle Docteur) is a 1937 French drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst. An English-language version was made under the title Under Secret Orders.
 Wardyń Górny [ˈvardɨɲ ˈɡurnɨ] (formerly German Hohenwardin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Połczyn-Zdrój 17 km (11 mi) east of Świdwin and 104 km (65 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Reddish-orange Sun-moth (Synemon jcaria) is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Australia including Victoria.The wingspan is about 35 mm for males and 38 mm for females. Adults have brown forewings each with two white spots. The hindwings are scarlet with brown markings.Adults are on wing from late January to mid March.The larvae feed on Lomandra effusa.
 Pterotopteryx tshatkalica is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It was described by Zagulajev in 1995. It is found in Uzbekistan.
 Hokubei Mainichi Newspaper more usually known as Hokubei Mainichi (北米毎日 North America Daily) was a Japanese language newspaper published from 1948 to 2009. It was Northern California’s only Japanese American bilingual newspaper after the closure of the Nichi Bei Times on September 10 2009. It was published by Hokubei Mainichi Inc. (北米毎日新聞社 Hokubei Mainichi Shinbun Sha) headquartered in San Francisco.
 Oncotarget is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal covering research on all aspects of oncology. The journal was established in 2010 and the editors-in-chief are Mikhail V. Blagosklonny and Andrei V. Gudkov (Roswell Park Cancer Institute).
 Lost @ Sea is an album by New Zealand Christian Rock band The Lads. Released in 1998 it was the first Lads album to go international and was released in New Zealand Australia and the United States.
 Maria D. Quiñones-Sanchez is a Democratic Councilwoman representing the Seventh District on the City Council of Philadelphia Pennsylvania USA. She has served since 2008.
 Fisher's Ghost is a 1924 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford based on the legend of Fisher's Ghost. It is considered a lost film.
 Mount Hooker is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1827 by David Douglas.
 A Madman's Diary (simplified Chinese: 狂人日记; traditional Chinese: 狂人日記; pinyin: Kuángrén Rìjì; Wade–Giles: K'uang-jen Jih-chi) was published in 1918 by Lu Xun one of the greatest writers in 20th-century Chinese literature. This short story is one of the first and most influential modern works written in vernacular Chinese and would become a cornerstone of the New Culture Movement. It is the first story in Call to Arms a collection of short stories by Lu Xun.
 The Manița River is a tributary of the Valea Albă River in Romania.
 Sir Gregory Page-Turner 3rd Baronet (16 February 1748 – 4 January 1805) was a wealthy landowner and politician in late 18th century England serving as Member of Parliament (MP) for Thirsk for 21 years.Gregory Turner (Page was added later) was the eldest son of Sir Edward Turner 2nd Baronet of Ambrosden near Bicester in Oxfordshire.
 Industrial and Labor Relations Review (ILR Review) is a publication of the Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations. It is an interdisciplinary journal publishing original research on all aspects of industrial relations.
 Angus MacKay (born 1964 Edinburgh) is a Scottish Labour politician and was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Edinburgh South constituency from 1999 to 2003.He was made a deputy minister in the first Scottish Executive. After the death of Donald Dewar in 2000 he was campaign manager for Henry McLeish who went on to succeed Dewar as First Minister.
 Naach Uthe Sansaar is a 1976 Bollywood romance film directed by Yakub Hasan Rizvi.
 Union Station is a historic train station located at Lockport in Niagara County New York. It was constructed in 1889 for the New York Central Railroad in the Romanesque style. It was deactivated as a station in the 1940s and lay unused until 1967. It was renovated and reopened as a restaurant in 1971. The restaurant was gutted by fire in December 1974 rebuilt and again destroyed by fire in 1978.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Gomulin-Kolonia [ɡɔˈmulin kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Lake Gleneida is a controlled lake in Carmel New York United States. It is part of New York City's water supply system created when an original pond was dammed in 1870.
 Old Town Hall (Slovak: Stará radnica Hungarian: Régi városháza) is a complex of buildings from the 14th century in the Old Town of Bratislava the capital of Slovakia. It is the oldest city hall in the country and it is one of the oldest stone buildings still standing in Bratislava with the tower being built approximately in 1370.
 The Calumet River refers to a system of heavily industrialized rivers and canals in the region between the neighborhood of South Chicago in Chicago Illinois and the city of Gary Indiana.
 Eleutherodactylus crucifer is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Ahmad bin Ibrahim (1927 – 21 August 1962) was a Malaysian-born Singaporean politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) Health Minister and Labour Minister in the 1950s and 1960s. He was an active unionist Malay political leader elected independent member of the 1955 Legislative Assembly Minister for Health in the first cabinet of the People's Action Party (PAP) government in 1959.
 Wormwood Live is a live album by the Residents. Recorded in Germany it features the full live performance of songs from their album Wormwood: Curious Stories from the Bible. Studio versions of the live performances were later released as Roadworms: The Berlin Sessions. This live album was released by Ralph America in a limited edition of 1200 copies.
 It All Comes Down To This is the name of the first mixtape by Wu-Tang Clan affiliated Remedy released on December 7 of 2010 in APRC Records. Originally released as a full-length studio album it was later released as a free mixtape download. Guests include RA the Ruggedman Trife Diesel Killah Priest and Hell Razah among other Wu-Tang Clan affiliates.
 Apogee is the second full-length album by stoner metal band Bongzilla. The album was released in May 2000 by Ritual Records and re-released in 2004 by Relapse Records. It contains three songs recorded in the studio and four recorded at a live concert.
 Qarah Takan (Persian: قره تكان‎ also Romanized as Qarah Taḵān) is a village in Darreh Yam Rural District Meshkan District Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Samuel Thomas Hauser (January 10 1833 – November 10 1914) was an American industrialist and banker who was active in the development of Montana Territory. In addition to his many business interests he was appointed the 7th Governor of the Montana Territory serving from 1885 to 1887.
 The Río Guayabo is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Água Quente River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 When I Was Born for the 7th Time is a 1997 album by Cornershop.In 2000 Q magazine placed it at number 68 in its list of the 100 Greatest British Albums Ever.Featured on the album is the international hit single Brimful of Asha. The song Candyman was used in a Nike commercial featuring LeBron James.
 Michael Okerlund Mike Leavitt (born February 11 1951) is an American Republican politician. He served as the 14th Governor of Utah from 1993 to 2003 as Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from 2003 to 2005 and as Secretary of Health and Human Services from 2005 to 2009.Leavitt serves as a co-leader of the Nutrition and Physical Activity Initiative at the Bipartisan Policy Center.
 The Journal of Addictions Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal which publishes original articles on current research issues practices and innovations in the field of addictions with focus on addictions nursing. It is the official journal of the International Nurses Society on Addictions.The journal is edited by Christine Vourakis (California State University Sacramento CA USA).
 Man o' War (Lexington Kentucky March 29 1917 – Faraway Farm November 1 1947) is considered one of the greatest Thoroughbred racehorses of all time. During his career just after World War I he won 20 of 21 races and $249465 in purses.Man o' War was sired by the prominent Fair Play. His dam Mahubah was sired by U.K. Triple Crown Champion Rock Sand. Man o' War was owned and bred by August Belmont Jr.
 Kaliyoor is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 The Pârâul Șindrilei is a tributary of the Avrig river in Romania.
 Cerro Tristeza is a mountain in South America. It has an elevation of 2596 metres (8517 ft) above sea level. Cerro Tristeza lies within the coastal state of Sucre Venezuela near the border with the Venezuelan state of Anzoátegui.
 Raghuleela is a mall situated in Kandivali a suburb in Mumbai. Developed by Raghuleela Properties Pvt.Ltd. the mall covers 400000 sq ft (37000 m2) commercial space having four floors and more than 800 shops. There is double level parking for over 500 vehicles and it provides exclusive banquet hall with corporate level service. It has a video gaming zone and a bowling alley. You can also find My Dollar Shop Klozet Kidz Cotton County Madame and Fashion Funk.
 31 iyunya (31 June Russian: 31 июня) is a two-part fantasy TV musical loosely based on a story by John Boynton Priestley. The film premiered in the USSR in 1978.The film was conceived and developed by Leonid Kvinikhidze and Alexander Zatsepin. After its premiere it was archived for over ten years because Alexander Godunov one of the film's leads who was also a famous dancer in the Bolshoi Theatre requested political asylum in the United States due to persecution by Soviet censorship.
 Charles Herbert Mackintosh (May 13 1843 – December 22 1931) was a journalist mayor of Ottawa from 1879–1881 represented Ottawa City as a Liberal-Conservative in the Canadian House of Commons from 1882 to 1887 and from 1890 to 1893 and served as Lieutenant Governor of the Northwest Territories from 1893 to 1898.
 Babe's School Days is a 1915 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Hunter Mountain is in the towns of Hunter and Lexington just south of the village of Hunter in Greene County New York USA. At approximately 4040 feet (1231 m) in elevation it is the highest peak in the county and the second-highest peak in the Catskill Mountains.While the mountain is closely associated with the highly popular eponymous ski area built around the Colonel's Chair ridge at the mountain's northwest corner that takes up only a small portion of the mountain.
 Chandamama (Malayalam : ചന്ദാമാമ) is 1999 Malayalam film by Murali Krishnan starring Kunchako Boban Jagathi Sreekumar Sudheesh and Kalabhavan Navas. The movie is a remake of the Hollywood movie Weekend at Bernie's.
 Tolombeh-ye Aghal (Persian: تلمبه اغل‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Āghal) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 Lake Tōya (洞爺湖 Tōya-ko) is a volcanic caldera lake in Shikotsu-Toya National Park Abuta District Hokkaidō Japan. It is a part of Toya Caldera and Usu Volcano Global Geopark which joins in Global Geoparks Network. The stratovolcano of Mount Usu lies on the southern rim of the caldera. The lake is nearly circular being 10 kilometers in diameter from east-west and 9 kilometers from North-South. The lake's biggest town Tōyako Onsen (洞爺湖温泉) is located on its western shore.
 Maciejewo [mat͡ɕɛˈjɛvɔ] is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielka Nieszawka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-east of Wielka Nieszawka and 18 km (11 mi) south of Toruń.
 The Little Rapid River is a 4.6-mile-long (7.4 km) stream in Kalkaska County Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of the Rapid River part of the Elk River Chain of Lakes Watershed flowing to Lake Michigan.
 The Brno Reservoir previously known as the Kníničky Reservoir (Czech: Brněnská přehrada also known as prigl in Hantec slang) is a dam on the Svratka River right outside the city of Brno Czech Republic. The construction of a levee on the 56th river kilometre of the Svratka River together with flooding of a valley with the Kníničky village in created the Brno Reservoir.
 The Warren White House is a historic house at 192 Warren Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1850-54 and is the oldest surviving house on Warren Street once an important thoroughfare between Waltham and Belmont. The house has classic Italianate styling with a symmetrical three-bay facade wide cornerboards and entablature and round-arched gable windows.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Caliris elegans is a mantis species in the genus Caliris found in Malaysia Sumatra and Borneo.
 Thray Sithu Nyan Tun (born 12 January 1954) is the incumbent Vice President of Burma (Myanmar) and previously the Commander in chief of the Myanmar Navy with the rank of Admiral. He was elected on 15 August 2012 to replace Tin Aung Myint Oo who had resigned for personal reasons.He graduated from the 16th intake of the Defence Services Academy and served as Commander in chief of the Navy from June 2008. He was promoted to Vice Admiral in 2010 and made an Admiral in 2012.
 Jeziory [jɛˈʑɔrɨ] (German: Jehser) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świebodzin within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Świebodzin 32 km (20 mi) north of Zielona Góra and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Chunuk Bair is a 1992 New Zealand film based on the play Once on Chunuk Bair (1982) by Maurice Shadbolt.Set in 1915 the film tells of the Wellington Regiment part of the New Zealand Expeditionary Force present at Gallipoli during World War I. On 8 August 1915 the Regiment took and held Chunuk Bair one of the Turkish hills.Chunuk Bair was produced by Daybreak Pictures in association with Avalon and the National Film Unit.
 RSQ was a Slovene music magazine published monthly.
 Kuklya is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 The freckled catshark Scyliorhinus haeckelii is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae found on the continental shelf and upper slope from the western Atlantic from western Venezuela Suriname Brazil and Uruguay between latitudes 11° N and 32° S.
 Savitri River (Marathi: सावित्री नदी) is one of the 5 rivers which originate from Mahabaleshwar in Maharashtra state in India. It originates in Mahabaleshwar and flows through Raigad district and eventually meets Arabian Sea at Harehareshwar. It passes through Poladpur Mahad Mangaon and Shrivardhan taluks. There are a number of Shiva temples along the banks of river Savitri. In last 100 km it forms the border between Raigad and Ratnagiri.
 Anand is a 1986 Kannada film directed by Singeetham Srinivasa Rao. The film starred Shivrajkumar and Sudha Rani in lead roles with both making their debuts. The film went on to be a huge success running for 38 weeks. Shivarajkumar was introduced as a dancer in this film. This was his first of the three consecutive hits at the box-office on debut which gave him the title Hat-trick Hero. He once said I can never forget Anand my first film which made me an actor.
 MCA continued the series of definitive masters of the Jimi Hendrix catalogue in 2000 releasing the self-titled box set The Jimi Hendrix Experience consisting of four discs. The material includes alternate recordings live performances and some rarities.
 John Stanfield (May 18 1868 – January 22 1934) was an industrialist and political figure in Nova Scotia Canada. He represented Colchester in the House of Commons of Canada from 1907 to 1917 as a Conservative member and served as Chief Government Whip from 1911 to 1917 when he retired from the House of Commons. Stanfield sat for Colchester division in the Senate of Canada from 1921 to 1934.He was born in Charlottetown Prince Edward Island the son of Charles E. Stanfield and Lydia Dawson.
 James E. Carnes was a member of the Ohio Senate from 1995 to 2004 representing the 20th District which encompasses much of Southeastern Ohio. He was succeeded by Joy Padgett who was appointed to fill out the remainder of his term upon his resignation in 2004.
 St Alban's was a church in Wood Street City of London. It was dedicated to Saint Alban. Of medieval origin it was rebuilt in 1634 destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and rebuilt once again this time to a Gothic design by Sir Christopher Wren. It was severely damaged by bombing during the Second World War and the ruins cleared leaving only the tower.
 Rhynchelmis is the genus of 30 species of aquatic oligochaetes from the Northern Hemisphere with 11 species from North America and 19 from Eurasia. They are part of the family Lumbriculidae which are among the largest of the microdriles. They are generally defined as having atria in segment X and spermathecae in segment VIII (Fend & Brinkhurst 2000).
 The Farthest Shore is a fantasy novel by the American author Ursula K. Le Guin first published by Atheneum in 1972. It was her third novel set in the fictional archipelago Earthsea and it completed the so-called Earthsea Trilogy (1968 to 1972).Its events take place about two decades after The Tombs of Atuan.The Farthest Shore won the 1973 National Book Award in category Children's Books.It is the Earthsea story that inspired the Studio Ghibli animated film Tales from Earthsea.[citation needed]
 Rakshak is 1996 Bollywood action movie directed by Ashok Honda and starring Suniel Shetty Karisma Kapoor Raghuvaran Sonali Bendre Alok Nath Aruna Irani.
 Lubukraya is an andesitic stratovolcano on Sumatra island Indonesia. It has a broad crater breached to the south and a lava dome at the southern foot of the volcano.
 The Emery LDS Church is significant as the oldest remaining religious building in Emery County and as the last remaining “New England” clapboard style meetinghouse of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Utah. Structurally the meetinghouse is significant because of its wood frame construction sheathed in clapboard and lined with non-load bearing wall of adobe.
 Der kleine Kuno is an East German film. It was released in 1959.
 Kurabagatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Turbonilla auricoma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Operation Ares is Gene Wolfe's first novel published as a paperback original by Berkley Books in 1970. While no later editions were issued in the United States a hardcover edition was released in the UK market by Dobson Books in 1977 followed by a Fontana paperback in 1978. The title is sometimes rendered Operation ARES.The novel began as a short story written by Wolfe in 1965. He submitted the story to Damon Knight who suggested that Wolfe expand it into a novel.
 The Bement Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge on Center Road over the Warner River in Bradford New Hampshire. A Long truss bridge it was built in 1854 and is the third bridge to occupy the site. The bridge is named for local resident Samuel Bement whose property the second (1818) bridge was identified as being near in town records.The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Brissus latecarinatus is a species of sea urchins of the Family Brissidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Brissus latecarinatus was first scientifically described in 1778 by Leske.
 Michałówka [mixaˈwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Piątek 20 km (12 mi) east of Łęczyca and 35 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.In 2005 the village had a population of 58.
 Cherry Harry & Raquel! is a 1970 softcore exploitation film produced and directed by American film director Russ Meyer.
 Rybienko [rɨˈbjɛnkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Gniewino 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Sail @ Marina Bay (Chinese: 滨海舫) is a waterfront lifestyle condominium located in the Marina Bay area in Singapore. It was completed in 2008. The first tenants have moved into Central Park Tower in July 2008. Residents moved into Marina Bay Tower a few weeks later. The structure of The Sail is 245 m (804 ft) with 70 storeys and is Singapore's tallest condominium/apartment. This development offers panoramic city view of Marina Bay and the sea.
 The Platani (Sicilian: Plàtani) known in ancient times as the Alico[citation needed] (Latin: Lycus Halycus and Halykus) is a river in southern Sicily Italy. It is the fifth longest in the island after Imera Meridionale Simeto Belice and Dittaino with a course of 103 km and the third for drainage basin with 1785 km² after the Simeto and Imera Meridionale.
 John C. Brenden is a Republican member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected for Senate District 18 representing Scobey Montana for the 2009 and 2011 sessions. He had previously served in 1993. Brenden received a BA from Concordia College in Political Science/Philosophy. He currently owns Brenden Farms.
 The Glăvănești River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Mi madre adorada (My Mother Adored) is a 1948 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Jilmil Jonak (Assamese: জিলমিল জোনাক English: Glittering Moonlight) is an upcoming Assamese language film starring Jatin Bora and Nishita Goswami in the lead roles. The film is directed by Sibanan Boruah and produced under the banner of Daijee Cine Productions by Daijee Gogoi. It is scheduled to release on 23 May 2014.
 Taxi 4 (stylised as T4xi) is a 2007 French comedy film directed by Gérard Krawczyk and the fourth installment of the Taxi series. As with all the other films in the Gallic Taxi franchise Samy Naceri plays taxi driver Daniel Morales this time in a Peugeot 407 unlike the 406 in the previous films. Frédéric Diefenthal is Émilien Coutant-Kerbalec whilst Jean-Christophe Bouvet reprises his role as General Bertineau yet again. The film also features French footballer Djibril Cissé.
 Edgardo Enríquez Frödden (Spanish pronunciation: [eðˈɣarðo enˈrikes]; February 9 1912 - November 1 1996) was a Chilean physician academic and minister of education under the Salvador Allende government.
 Suur-Kirkajärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Lakshya (English: Goal (Target)) is a 2004 Bollywood war drama film directed by Farhan Akhtar with stars Hrithik Roshan Preity Zinta Sharad Kapoor Amitabh Bachchan Aditya Srivastava Om Puri and Boman Irani. Hrithik Roshan plays the role of Lieutenant (later Acting Captain) Karan Shergill who leads his team (initially 12 falling to 6 members) to victory over the Pakistani troops. It is a coming-of-age story with a fictionalized backdrop of the Kargil war.
 The Chugoku Shimbun (中国新聞 Chūgoku Shinbun) is a Japanese local daily newspaper based in Hiroshima. It serves the Chūgoku region of Japan with a market share in Hiroshima Yamaguchi Shimane Okayama and Tottori Prefectures. The newspaper publishes morning paper and evening editions. The morning paper has a daily circulation of 646908. And the evening paper has a daily circulation of 40648.
 Something is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1970 and released on the Atlantic label. It includes instrumental covers of several contemporary hits from artists such as the Beatles and the Jackson 5 along with the original song Messie Bessie.
 The debut album was released through Candlelight Records in May 2009. It was mixed and mastered by Brett-Caldas Lima at Tower Studios. The iconic artwork was by Colin Marks of Rainsong Design.The video for False History received heavy rotation in the UK on rock music channel Scuzz.
 The mud whiting Sillago lutea is a species of coastal marine fish in the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae. The mud whiting was first described in 1985 and is currently known from the north west coast of Australia and the Indian coast.As its name suggests mud whiting prefer muddy or silty substrates and are commonly found in association with the banana prawn. Due to this relationship Australian prawn trawlers take large quantities of the species but it is currently not marketed.
 The Empress Theatre (also known as Cinema V) is an abandoned Egyptian-style theatre located on Sherbrooke Street West in N.D.G. district of Montreal Canada. It has been closed since 1992.
 Introducing Sparks is the seventh album by Sparks released in 1977. The release was their second and final album for Columbia Records. At the time of its release it was a commercial failure and received very negative reviews claiming that the band had adopted a new 'American sound' despite the fact that the Mael brothers are indeed Americans.
 The Mummy Case is the 63rd title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon. Grosset & Dunlap published this book in 2005.
 Carbon Copy is a 1981 British-American comedy film directed by Michael Schultz. The film stars George Segal Susan Saint James Jack Warden and features Denzel Washington in his feature-film debut.This movie is the first feature film produced by RKO Pictures after a break of many years though they were only co-distributor with Avco/Embassy Pictures and Hemdale Film Corpration.
 St. Michael's Church is one of the oldest Catholic churches as well as one of oldest existing Portuguese buildings in Mumbai. The church is situated in Mahim located at the intersection of L.J. Road and Mahim Causeway. Due to its location it is also informally known as Mahim Church. The church is famous for its Novenas on Wednesdays which is visited by thousands.The church originally built in 1534 is rebuilt a number of times the present structure dating to 1973.
 Antara Dua Darjat (Between Two Classes) is a 1960 Malaysian drama film directed by and starring Malaysian silver-screen legend P. Ramlee.
 Lalla Khedidja or Lalla-Khadîdja (Arabic: لالة خديجة‎ Kabylian: Tamgut Aâlayen or Azeru amghur) is a mountain in Algeria. At 2308 metres (7572 ft) it is the highest summit of the Djurdjura Range a subrange of the Tell Atlas. This peak is located in the eastern part of the range and is also the highest point of the Tell Atlas itself which is in turn part of the wider Atlas Mountain System. It is usually covered in snow in the winter.
 The Pain and the Great One is a children's picture book published in 1974 written by Judy Blume and illustrated by Irene Trivas. This is the only picture book written by Blume though many of her other novels notably The One in the Middle Is the Green Kangaroo and Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing have interior illustrations. The book follows the sibling rivalry between a sister and her younger brother.
 The Sofra (English: dining table) is a restaurant chain in London United Kingdom which serves Turkish cuisine. The chef patron is Hüseyin Özer. It was established in 1981 as a small restaurant which turned later into a chain of restaurants currently in Covent Garden Mayfair and St Christopher's Place off Oxford Street.
 Khvoyaman-e Jadid (Persian: خويمن جديد‎ also Romanized as Khvoyaman-e Jadīd and Khowyaman-e Jadīd) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 26 families.
 Cheshmeh-ye Pahn (Persian: چشمه پهن‎; also known as Cheshmeh-ye Pahnow) is a village in Mishan Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Weißach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Return of the Vampire is a compilation album of rare demo tracks by Mercyful Fate recorded before their first official release in 1982. It is released in 1992 by Roadrunner Records RRD 9184.The album cover was painted by Torbjorn Jorgensen / Studio Dzyan.
 Eles não Usam Black-tie (internationally released as They Don't Wear Black-tie) is a 1981 Brazilian drama film directed by Leon Hirszman based on Gianfrancesco Guarnieri's play of the same name.The film entered the competition at the 38th Venice International Film Festival in which won the Special Jury Prize. It also won the Prêmio Grand Coral at the 3rd Havana Film Festival.
 Dedicatoria is a 1980 Spanish drama film directed by Jaime Chávarri. It was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 Tanasee Bald also called Tennessee Bald is a mountain near the Blue Ridge Parkway in western North Carolina on the Haywood/Transylvania border. It is 5561 feet high. It is in the Great Balsam Mountains within the Blue Ridge Mountains which is part of the Appalachian MountainsTanasee Bald is the southern limit of breeding of the Northern Saw-whet Owl which is from the boreal forests of Canada.
 The Live One is the title of a live album by folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown. It was recorded at JR's Warehouse Traverse City Michigan in June 1994.
 The John Legg House is a historic house at 5 Claremont Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The Queen Anne style house was built in 1892 to a design by noted local architect Stephen Earle for John Legg owner of the Worcester Woolens Company one of the city's largest textile businesses. It is a 2.5 story wood frame with an asymmetrical plan. One unusual feature is a first floor bay on the right side which is topped by a parapet.
 Indira Mount is a seabed mountain situated in Antarctic Ocean (which also known as Southern Ocean). Indira Mount was discovered during First Indian Expedition to Antarctica (1981-82) when the team was moving from Mauritius to Antarctica. It was named as Indira Mount after the former Prime Minister of India Mrs. Indira Gandhi by the expedition members.
 The Bass River a perennial river of the Western Port catchment is located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Fallen Dragon is a science fiction novel by Peter F. Hamilton. It was first published in 2001 by Macmillan. It follows the adventures of the mercenary Lawrence Newton as he attempts to capture what he believes is a fabulous treasure only to find something of much greater importance.
 Subramanyapuram (சுப்பிரமணியபுரம் in Tamil) is a small village located near Sathan Kulam Thoothukudi district Tamil Nadu. It is about 4 km to the east of Sathan Kulam towards Thattar Madam.
 Presidential Administration Building (Ukrainian: Будинок Секретаріату Президента) is an architectural monument of the Kiev city the capital of Ukraine. The building is the main office of the Presidential Administration of Ukraine as well as the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine.It is located at 11 Bankova vulytsia and was initially a reconstruction of the Kiev Military District headquarters that was built sometime in 1870s by Oleksandr Shile's design.
 Gymnelia torquatus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Brazil.
 Donsol is an indie film written and directed by Adolfo Alix Jr. about a summer love made in the island of Donsol. The movie produced by Bicycle Pictures stars Sid Lucero and Angel Aquino.
 Ode to Gallantry is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong (Louis Cha). It was first serialised in Hong Kong from 11 June 1966 to 19 April 1967 in the newspaper Ming Pao. The novel shares the same Chinese title as a poem by the Tang Dynasty poet Li Bai which was used as its epigraph.
 The Mary Anne Wales House also known as The Briar-Patch is a historic house on Snow Hill Road in Dublin New Hampshire. The 2-1/2 story Shingle style house was built in 1886 for Miss Mary Anne Wales who had been summering in Dublin for twenty years before having this house built. The house is built in a ridge with commanding views to the east and west.
 Ilkley Toy Museum in Ilkley West Yorkshire houses a private collection of toys dating from 350 BCE to modern times and is open to the public schools and groups. It opens at weekends: see the website for weekday opening times appointments and admission charges.
 Grießen Pass (el. 975 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps between the federal states of Salzburg and Tyrol.It connects the Kitzbühel Alps and the Leogang Steinberge.The road over the pass leads from Hochfilzen in Tyrol to Leogang in Salzburg but it lies almost entirely in the state of Salzburg.The pass is traversed by the Salzburg-Tyrol Railway and the Hochkönig-Straße (B164).
 The Hill Cumorah Pageant is an annual production of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) staged at the foot of the Hill Cumorah in Palmyra New York United States. Premiering in 1937 it is considered to be the flagship pageant of the LDS Church. It depicts Joseph Smith's encounter with the Golden Plates (translated into English as the Book of Mormon) as well as a dramatization of the events recorded therein.
 Bernard McGlinchey (18 October 1932 – 11 April 2013) was an Irish businessman and Fianna Fáil politician. He was a member of Seanad Éireann from 1961 to 1981 and from 1982 to 1983.
 Nata Sarvabhouma (Kannada: ನಟ ಸಾರ್ವಭೌಮ) is a 1968 documentary film on Rajkumar directed by Aaruru Pattabhi. It was made coinciding the occasion of the release of his 100th film Bhagyada Baagilu. The documentary introduced Rajkumar's village home family members and also contained clippings of some of his films. It also has the footage of his felicitation by Gubbi Veeranna and conferring him the title Nata Sarvabhouma.
 Alopecosa mariae is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa with a Palearctic distribution.
 Nasonggo River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 Barney & Clyde is a daily newspaper comic strip created by Washington Post columnist Gene Weingarten his son Dan Weingarten and cartoonist David Clark. Syndicated by The Washington Post Writers Group it debuted on June 7 2010.
 Intimacy is the third studio album by British indie rock band Bloc Party. It was recorded in two weeks at several locations in London and Kent during 2008 and was produced by Paul Epworth and Jacknife Lee. Inspired by the release options available in the Internet age the band members made the album available for purchase on their website as a digital download on 21 August 2008. Minimal promotion was undertaken in the UK.
 William McWillie (November 17 1795 – March 3 1869) was the twenty-second governor of Mississippi from 1857 to 1859. He was a Democrat. McWillie was the last Governor of Mississippi prior to the outbreak of the American Civil War.
 Wave is the third album by Antonio Carlos Jobim released in 1967 on A&M Records. It is known as Jobim's most successful album to date (# 5 US JAZZ ALBUMS 1967# 114 US ALBUMS 1968) and it was listed by Rolling Stone Brazil as one of the 100 best Brazilian albums in history.
 Langtang Lirung is the highest peak of the Langtang Himal which is a subrange of the Nepalese Himalayas southwest of the Eight-thousander Shisha Pangma.
 Anthony James (Tony) Bourke (born 30 July 1941) is an Australian politician. He was a Liberal Party of Australia member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly from 1976 to 1980 representing the electorate of Lockyer. A long-term Toowoomba councillor he later served as Mayor of Toowoomba from 1997 to 2000.Bourke was born in the Brisbane suburb of Nundah and was educated at St Patrick's College in Shorncliffe and the University of Queensland.
 Atlas is the debut album of the indie dance group RÜFÜS released in Australia under the Sweat It Out label on 9 August 2013. The album debuted at number 1 on the ARIA Albums Chart on 18 August 2013. The album includes the singles Desert Night Tonight and Sundream.
 Cavan (foaled 1955) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who won an American Classic Race in 1958. He was named for the town of Cavan in Ireland.A half brother to 1964 St. Leger Stakes winner Indiana Cavan's dam Willow Ann was a daughter of Champion Sire Solario. Cavan was sired by Mossborough a son of Nearco the patriarch of the most dominant sire line in Thoroughbred history.
 Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri (Arabic: عزت ابراهيم الدوري‎)(Al-Douri is the written form and Addouri is how it is pronounced) (born 1 July 1942) is an Iraqi military commander and was vice-president and Deputy Chairman of the Iraqi Revolutionary Command Council until the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq. Following the execution of former President Saddam Hussein on 30 December 2006 Al-Douri was confirmed as the new leader of the banned Iraqi Ba'ath Party on 3 January 2007.
 The Platinum Fashion Mall is a 5 billion baht (100 million euro) shopping mall in Pratunam Bangkok Thailand which specializes in fashion clothes and accessories retail and wholesale. It is a six-storey complex with an 11-storey condominium building above the complex.The clothes shops operate on the principle that buying 1 piece is a retail sale and warrants retail price but buying 3 (or sometimes more) pieces is wholesale and you get the wholesale price.
 Brandende liefde is a 1983 Dutch drama film directed by Ate de Jong.
 You Were Never Lovelier is a 1942 Hollywood musical romantic comedy film set in Buenos Aires. It stars Fred Astaire and Rita Hayworth and features Adolphe Menjou and Xavier Cugat with music by Jerome Kern and lyrics by Johnny Mercer. The film was directed by William A.
 The genus Cenoceras is a member of the Nautilidae which in turn makes up part of the superfamily Nautilaceae.Cenoceras is variable in form depending on species; ranges from evolute to involute compressed lenticular to globose with rounded to flattened venter and flanks. The suture generally has shallow ventral and lateral lobes.
 The dollar sunfish (Lepomis marginatus) is a species of freshwater fish in the sunfish family (family Centrarchidae) of order Perciformes. It is categorized as a warm water pan-fish. Early settlers said that this species of sunfish resembled a European species they called bream. Historically it has been found along the Southern Atlantic coastal drainages from North Carolina to Florida and west to Texas.
 Przecławka [pʂɛt͡sˈwafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Michałów 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Pińczów and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Emuelloidae are a small superfamily of trilobites a group of extinct marine arthropods that lived during the late Lower Cambrian (late Botomian) of the East Gondwana supercontinent in what are today South-Australia and Antarctica. Emuelloidea can be recognized by having a prothorax consisting of 3 or 6 segments the most backward one of which is carrying very large trailing spines. Behind it is the so-called opistothorax.
 Gay-Lussac is a lunar crater located to the north of the prominent crater Copernicus in the southern foothills of the Montes Carpatus range. The rim of the crater is slightly distorted although generally circular. The inner floor is flat but rough with no central peak. There are a pair of small craterlet depressions in the middle instead of a central peak. The associated crater Gay-Lussac A is nearly joined to the southeast rim.To the southwest is a wide rille named Rima Gay-Lussac.
 The former Santa Fe Railway Shops in Albuquerque New Mexico consist of eighteen surviving buildings erected between 1915 and 1925. The complex is located south of downtown in the Barelas neighborhood bounded by Second Street Hazeldine Avenue Commercial Street and Pacific Avenue. The shops were one of four major maintenance facilities constructed by the Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railway the others being located in Topeka Kansas Cleburne Texas and San Bernardino California.
 The Head Office building of The Bank of New South Wales was designed by prolific Melbourne architect Joseph Reed and constructed at 368-374 Collins St Melbourne in 1856-7. Reed was awarded first prize worth £75 in the Bank of New South Wales’ competition to design their new Melbourne headquarters on a vacant block of land facing the prominent Criterion Hotel. Reed’s design was chosen for its extensive use of ornamentation on the relatively small scale building.
 Mahagama Megodagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The Roads Outgrown is an EP released by the band The Frames. It is a collection of B-sides covers live songs and reworked versions of earlier songs. The EP was released solely in the United States on August 19 2003.Lay Me Down and Headlong are different versions of songs originally recorded on the band's 2001 album For the Birds.
 Charles Townshend (29 August 1725 – 4 September 1767) was a British politician. He was born at his family's seat of Raynham Hall in Norfolk England the second son of Charles Townshend 3rd Viscount Townshend and Audrey (died 1788) daughter and heiress of Edward Harrison of Ball's Park near Hertford a lady who rivalled her son in brilliancy of wit and frankness of expression.
 The Fundul Pârâul River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
 Banisia apicale is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family. It is found in the Seychelles on Silhouette Island.Their wingspan is 26 millimetres (1.0 in).
 Munchie Strikes Back is a 1992 comedy feature film directed by Jim Wynorski and written by Wynorski and R.J. Robertson as a sequel to Munchie with Howard Hesseman providing Munchie's voice.
 You Deliver Me is Selah's seventh studio album. It features an already hit cover of Hillsongs Hosanna. The album was released August 25 2009.
 Château de Vaugoubert is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France. It became a Historic Monument in 1948.
 Bank of Echo Building is located in Echo Oregon. It was built in 1920 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 15 1982.
 The Dresden Performance is the twenty-second album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 1990. This is the first of seven early-1990s Klaus Schulze albums not to be reissued by Revisited Records. Even though this album is labeled as live tracks 3 4 and 5 are actually studio tracks.
 Logan Peak commonly referred to as Mount Logan is a peak in the Bear River Mountains a branch of the Wasatch Range. Located 6 miles east-southeast of Logan Utah in the Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest it is the second highest peak overlooking Cache Valley after Mt. Naomi. Logan Peak rises to an elevation of 9710 feet (2960 m). It is served by hiking trails and a narrow unpaved access road suitable only for offroad vehicles.
 Under Two Flags is a 1936 American adventure romance film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Ronald Colman Claudette Colbert and Victor McLaglen. It was based on the 19th century novel of the same name by the writer Ouida. The film has portions of action and melodrama and was widely popular with audiences of its time.The novel was previously adapted for the screen in 1912 1916 and 1922.
 Sulimy [suˈlʲimɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Biała Piska 21 km (13 mi) east of Pisz and 107 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Parosmodes onza is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Uganda.
 The Big Store (1941) is a Marx Brothers comedy film in which Groucho Chico and Harpo work to save the Phelps Department Store owned by Martha Phelps (Margaret Dumont). Groucho plays detective Wolf J. Flywheel a character name originating from the Marx-Perrin radio show Flywheel Shyster and Flywheel in the early 1930s.The Big Store was the last of five films the team made under contract to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and it was advertised as their final film.
 The flame angelfish (Centropyge loricula) is a marine angelfish of the family Pomacanthidae found in tropical waters of the Pacific Ocean. Other common names include flame angel flaming angelfish and Japanese pygmy angelfish.
 William Grainger Blount (1784 – May 21 1827) was an American politician who represented Tennessee's 2nd district in the United States House of Representatives from 1815 to 1819. He is the son of Southwest Territory governor William Blount and nephew of Tennessee governor Willie Blount serving under the latter as Tennessee Secretary of State from 1811 to 1815.
 The Claia cu Brazi River is a tributary of the Ialomicioara River in Romania.
 Fredersdorfer Mühlenfließ is a river of Brandenburg and Berlin Germany.
 Slam is the third and final full-length album from Boston band Big Dipper. The album was released in 1990 on Epic Records.
 Alice in Wonderland is a 1933 film version of the famous Alice novels of Lewis Carroll. The film was produced by Paramount Pictures featuring an all-star cast. It is all live-action except for the Walrus and The Carpenter sequence which was animated by Leon Schlesinger Productions.Stars featured in the film included W. C.
 Rakudai Ninja Rantarō (落第忍者乱太郎 Failure Ninja Rantarou) (generally abbreviated as Rakuran) is a comedy ninja manga series created by Sōbē Amako in 1986. The anime adaptation Nintama Rantarō began broadcasting on NHK in 1993 and a side-story anime film Eiga Nintama Rantarō premiered in 1996' several Nintama Rantarō video games were also published since 1995.
 Clifton Avenue Historic District is a registered historic district in Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register on December 8 1978. It contains 38 contributing buildings.
 The Hawk Is Howling is the sixth studio album by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai released on 22 September 2008 through Wall of Sound Play It Again Sam and Matador in the UK Europe and the USA respectively.
 The Alford-Nielson Home is the only example of Second Empire French Victorian Architecture in Ferndale Humboldt County California.
 Aerosvet was an aviation magazine published by the Aeronautical Union of Vojvodina Yugoslavia.Aerosvet had an English-language sister publication Aerosvet International that was published four times annually.
 Queen of Media is a 2008 American drama film directed by Furqaan Clover starring Robin Givens. The film is loosely-based on The New York Times best seller[citation needed] Wendy's Got the Heat by Wendy Williams. It stars Robin Givens in the title role. It was written by Jim Yoakum with Furqaan Clover. It was produced by Guardian Entertainment. The release date is still unknown.
 Ernst Maurits Henricus Hirsch Ballin (born 15 December 1950) is a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He served as Minister of Justice and Minister for Suriname and Netherlands Antilles Affairs from 7 November 1989 until 27 May 1994 in the Cabinet Lubbers III. And as acting Minister of the Interior from 10 January 1994 until 18 January 1994 following the death of Ien Dales.
 The Outcasts written and directed by Robert Wynne-Simmons and starring Mary Ryan and Mick Lally is an Irish film completed in 1982 and broadcast in 1984 as part of UK's Channel 4 Film on Four series. It was the first Irish feature film in 50 years and as such started the revival of the Irish Film industry.
 Wikrowo [viˈkrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Timothy Lake is a lake about 50 miles (80 km) southeast of Portland Oregon United States. It is in close proximity to Clear Lake and an impoundment of the Oak Grove Fork Clackamas River. The compacted-earth Timothy Lake Dam was built by Portland General Electric in 1956 to regulate seasonal water flow to Lake Harriet downstream. The dam 110 feet high and impounding 81000 acre-feet does not generate any hydroelectric power itself.
 Hostile Waters (ISBN 0312966121) is a 1997 nonfiction book by Peter Huchthausen Igor Kurdin and R. Alan White that describes the 1986 loss of the Soviet submarine K-219 off Bermuda.With a foreword by the renowned writer Tom Clancy it begins with a note to the reader:The ordeal of the K-219 took place at the very height of the cold war.Much of its story is still shrouded in secrecy.
 The Syracuse Herald-Journal (1939-2001) was an evening newspaper in Syracuse New York with roots going back to 1839 when it was named the Western State Journal. The final issue — volume 124 number 37500 — was published on September 29 2001. The newspaper's name came from the merger of the Syracuse Herald and the Syracuse Journal.
 Naveen Jindal (born 9 March 1970) is an Indian politician and Member of Parliament (MP) from the Kurukshetra Lok Sabha constituency in the northern Indian state of Haryana. He is the Chairman of Jindal Steel and Power Limited which is part of the $17 billion diversified O.P.
 Phuparash Peak is a mountain in Hispar Valley in the Gilgit District of Northern Areas of Pakistan. It lies east of Miar Peak (6824 m).
 Bartels is a lunar crater located along the western perimeter of the Moon's visible face. At this location the crater is viewed from the side and visibility is affected by libration. The crater can be viewed in its entirety only from lunar orbit. It is located to the north of the crater Moseley and south-southeast of Voskresenskiy.The rim of this crater is worn and eroded particularly along the southern face and in the northeast where a small crater overlies the rim.
 José Chavéz y Castillo was a Mexican landowner and trader who served as provisional Governor of New Mexico from 1 May 1845 until 16 November 1845 when Manuel Armijo became governor for a third term.José Chavéz was the son of Francisco Xavier Chávez the first governor of New Mexico after it gained independence from Spain and brother of Mariano Cháves who also served briefly as acting governor.With the opening up of the Santa Fe Trail by 1839 José Chavéz and his nephew Antonio José Chavez were among the Santa Fe traders engaged in the profitable business of importing goods from the United States which other traders would buy and transport to markets in Chihuahua and other places to the south.
 The Colibi River is a tributary of the Runcu River in Romania.
 Naxalbari is the name of a village and a community development block in northern part of the state of West Bengal India. Naxalbari block comes under the jurisdiction of Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district. Naxalbari became famous for the left wing revolt that took place in the late 1960s.
 Ethical Oil: The Case for Canada's Oil Sands is a book written by Canadian lawyer talk-show host and lobbyist Ezra Levant which makes a case for exploiting the Athabasca oil sands and its sister projects in Alberta.
 Albert C. Al Eisenberg (born October 15 1946) is an American politician. He served in the Virginia House of Delegates 2004–2010 representing the 47th district in the Arlington County suburbs of Washington D.C. Prior to that he served on the Arlington County Board 1984–1999.
 Mi Canto is the debut solo digital ep of Sahrawi singer Aziza Brahim. It was released worldwide on 12 January 2009 by the French label Reaktion reaching shortly after number one on the World music list of the web Emusic.com.
 The ACM Transactions on Database Systems (TODS) is one of the journals produced by the Association for Computing Machinery. TODS publishes one volume yearly. Each volume has four issues which appear in March June September and December.ACM TODS received the highest possible ranking “A*” in the CORE rankings of computer science journals and conferences.
 James O'Hanlan Patterson (June 25 1857 - October 25 1911) was a United States Representative from South Carolina. He was born in Barnwell South Carolina. He attended private schools in town and also in Augusta Georgia. Later he studied law was admitted to the bar in 1886 and commenced practice in Barnwell South Carolina.Patterson was a probate judge of Barnwell County South Carolina 1888-1892 and a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives 1899-1904.
 Vishambhar Prasad Nishad (born 18 July 1962) is an Samajwadi Party advocate agriculturist social worker and politician in India. He served as a cabinet minister of the Uttar Pradesh government three times and was a member of parliament for Fatehpur (Lok Sabha constituency) in the 11th Lok Sabha in 1996.
 Cham Hesar (Persian: چم حصار‎ also Romanized as Cham Ḩeşār; also known as Cham Ḩeşār-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 21 families.
 Mount Marshall is a mountain located in Essex County New York. Originally named for Governor DeWitt Clinton and then for Herbert Clark it was renamed for wilderness activist Bob Marshall (1901–1939) after his death. Marshall is part of the MacIntyre Mountains.
 Wilhelm Pieck – Das Leben unseres Präsidenten is an East German film. It was released in 1950.
 Ian David Sinclair OC QC (December 27 1913 – April 7 2006) was a Canadian lawyer businessman and Senator.Born in Winnipeg Manitoba he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics in 1937 from the University of Manitoba and a Bachelor of Law degree from the Manitoba Law School in 1941. He was called to Bar of Manitoba in 1941. From 1942 to 1943 he was a lecturer in Torts at the University of Manitoba.In 1942 he started at Canadian Pacific Ltd.
 Myszadła [mɨˈʂadwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Jadów 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Wołomin and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 The Teachings of Don Juan: A Yaqui Way of Knowledge was published by the University of California Press in 1968 as a work of anthropology. It was written by Carlos Castaneda and submitted as his master’s thesis in the school of anthropology. It reportedly documents the events that took place during an apprenticeship he claimed to have served with a self-proclaimed Yaqui Indian Sorcerer don Juan Matus from Sonora Mexico between 1960 and 1965.
 Lake Vostok (Russian: озеро Восток Ozero Vostok lit. Lake East) is the largest of Antarctica's almost 400 known subglacial lakes.Lake Vostok is located at the southern Pole of Cold beneath Russia's Vostok Station under the surface of the central East Antarctic Ice Sheet which is at 3488 m (11444 ft) above mean sea level.
 The Crystal Ball is a 1943 film directed by Elliott Nugent. It stars Ray Milland and Paulette Goddard.
 Pacific View Mall (formerly known as Buenaventura Center and Buenaventura Plaza) is a regional enclosed mall located on the West Coast in Ventura California. It is the largest shopping center in Ventura County and covers a leasable area of almost 1000000 sq ft (93000 m2). It was aptly renamed for its nearby view of the Pacific Ocean overlooking Pierpont Bay.Its current anchors include Macy's Sears JCPenney and most recently a Target store.
 Louse (plural: lice) is the common name for members of over 3000 species of wingless insects of the order Phthiraptera; three of which are classified as human disease agents. They are obligate ectoparasites of every avian and mammalian order except for monotremes (the platypus and echidnas) bats whales dolphins porpoises and pangolins.
 Sar Asiab-e Mugarmun (Persian: سراسياب موگرمون‎ also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb-e Mūgarmūn; also known as Sar Āsīāb) is a village in Vahdat Rural District Mugarmun District Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Tongaporutu River is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand's North Island. It initially flows north from its origins near Tahora turning west to reach the Tasman Sea coast close to the settlement of Tongaporutu 15 kilometres south of Mokau.
 The Glass Intact is the second album by the Champaign Illinois indie rock band Sarge. It was released in 1998 on Mud Records.The album was somewhat of a breakout hit getting a feature-length review at Salon.com and the Village Voice and causing the band to become a 1998 Hot Band in Rolling Stone as well as being one of Spin Magazine's 98 for '98.
 Röderbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 B'nai Israel Traditional Synagogue is a Jewish synagogue located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was founded in 1913 as an Orthodox synagogue by Jews from Poland and Russia many of whom arrived in Alexandria and Central Louisiana as part of the Galveston Movement. In the 1950s the congregation became Conservative.
 Chahar Muran (Persian: چهارموران‎ also Romanized as Chahār Mūrān; also known as Chahār Mārān) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 43 families.
 Liniewko [liˈɲefkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Tczew and 36 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 John Wallace McCreery was the Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Raleigh County and served from 1891 to 1893.
 Jupiter's Darling is a musical romance film released by MGM in 1955 and directed by George Sidney. It starred Esther Williams as the Roman woman Amytis Howard Keel as Hannibal the Carthaginian military commander and George Sanders as Fabius Maximus Amytis's fiance.
 Mark Leonard Litchman Jr. (born April 14 1925) is a former politician in the American state of Washington.Born in Seattle he is the son of prominent lawyer Mark M. Litchman. He attended the University of Washington in sociology and with an LL.B. A veteran of the United States Navy he is an attorney and former president of a real estate firm.Litchman was elected to the Washington House of Representatives in 1955 for district 45 (parts of King County) as a Democrat. He served until 1973.
 Obernau (Sieg) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Polly Bukta (born April 3 1937) is the Iowa State Representative from the 26th District and is the Speaker Pro Tempore. She has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 1997. She received her BS from Mercyhurst University.Bukta currently serves on several committees in the Iowa House - the Education committee; the Local Government committee; the Transportation committee; and the Veterans Affairs committee.
 Conocara is a genus of slickheads found in the deep waters of the oceans.
 The Ottawa Citizen is an English-language daily newspaper owned by Postmedia Network in Ottawa Canada. According to the Canadian Newspaper Association the paper had a 2008 weekly circulation of 900197.
 The Quick and the Dead is a collection of stories by author Vincent Starrett. It was released in 1965 and was the author's only collection of stories published by Arkham House. It was released in an edition of 2047 copies. The stories were originally published between 1920 and 1932 in various pulp magazines.
 Kendrick Peak or Kendrick Mountain is one of the highest peaks in the San Francisco volcanic field north of the city of Flagstaff in the U.S. State of Arizona and is located on the Coconino Plateau in Coconino County.Kendrick Peak rises to a height of 10422 feet (3177 m) which makes it the 11th or 12th tallest summit (depending on the source) in Arizona.
 Gary Wilson (born 1946) is former a politician in Ontario Canada. He was a New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 1995.
 Cuttin' Capers is a Doris Day album issued by Columbia Records as catalog # CL-1232 in monaural and CS-8078 in stereo on March 9 1959. The album was combined with Day's 1961 album Bright and Shiny on a compact disc issued on November 13 2001 by Collectables Records.
 The Little Nightjar (Caprimulgus parvulus) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family. It is found in woodland and other semi-open habitats in eastern central and southern Brazil eastern Peru eastern and northern Bolivia Paraguay Uruguay and northern Argentina. It is fairly common in most of its range. Currently considered monotypic it has often included the Todd's Nightjar (C. heterurus) of northern South America as a subspecies.
 Somedays is the first album released by the American singer-songwriter Matt Wertz.
 The Stone Curlew Eurasian Thick-knee or Eurasian Stone-curlew (Burhinus oedicnemus) is a northern species of the Burhinidae (stone-curlew) bird family.It is a fairly large wader though is mid-sized by the standards of its family. Length ranges from 38 to 46 cm (15 to 18 in) wingspan from 76 to 88 cm (30 to 35 in) and weight from 290 to 535 g (10.2 to 18.9 oz).
 Pseuduncifera euchlanis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Humac is an uninhabited hamlet on Hvar Croatia. It is connected by the D116 highway. Located 350 m above sea level 10 km from Jelsa is a very old village where man has been living for centuries. There are many simple houses made of stone in its surroundings called trim built without binder in a way that they become narrower towards the top. Many of them have their original foundations from early Stone Age.
 Masada Anniversary Edition Vol. 5: Masada Rock is the fifth and final album in a series of five releases celebrating the 10th anniversary of John Zorn's Masada songbook project. It features 10 Masada songs performed by Jon Madof's Rashanim trio with Shanir Ezra Blumenkranz on bass and Mathias Kunzli on drums in addition to Madof's guitar with guest appearances from Marc Ribot on two tracks. It was released in 2005 on Zorn's Tzadik Records as part of the Radical Jewish Culture Series.
 Bennier Graben is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Eugoa trilacunata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Borneo. The habitat ranges from lowland areas to the upper montane zone.The length of the forewings is 9-12 mm for males and 9-11 mm for females. The forewings are almost entirely obscured with dark grey leaving three areas of pale grey.
 Małe Gliśno [ˈmawɛ ˈɡliɕnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Brusy 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 77 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 162.
 Arthur Koestler is a book by Mark Levene published in 1984 a year after Arthur Koestler's suicide. The structure of the book is unusual; it is divided into seven main chapters the first of which is a biography and the other six are descriptions and interpretations of each of Koestler's six novels.The book which measures 200 mm x 120 mm (small format) was published by Frederick Ungar Publishing Co.
 East Liberty Presbyterian Church also known as the Cathedral of Hope is in the East Liberty neighborhood of the East End of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States.
 The Haunted Drum is a Thai 2007 horror drama film.
 Repo Men is a 2010 American-Canadian science fiction action-thriller film directed by Miguel Sapochnik and starring Jude Law and Forest Whitaker. It is based on the novel The Repossession Mambo by Eric Garcia.
 Filmworks XVII: Notes on Marie Menken/Ray Bandar: A Life with Skulls features scores by John Zorn for two documentary films. The album was released on Zorn's own label Tzadik Records in 2006 and contains music that Zorn wrote and recorded for Notes on Marie Menken (2005) directed by Martina Kudlácek and a percussion score for Ray Bandar: A Life with Skulls directed by Beth Cataldo.
 Stigmella cerea is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Ohio and Pennsylvania.The wingspan is 3.5-3.6 mm.
 Llyn Ogwen is a ribbon lake in north-west Wales. It lies alongside the A5 road between two mountain ranges of Snowdonia the Carneddau and the Glyderau.
 Karsznice [karʂˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Małogoszcz 16 km (10 mi) north of Jędrzejów and 26 km (16 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Hemiphractus (known as horned (tree)frogs) is a genus of frogs found in South America and Panama.
 John Gardiner Richards Jr. (September 11 1864 – October 9 1941) was the 96th Governor of South Carolina from 1927 to 1931.
 Hussain Ibrahim Saleh al-Shahristani (born 1942) is an Iraqi politician who served in different cabinet posts. His last post is the deputy prime minister in charge with energy-related issues.
 Kaunas Cathedral Basilica (Lithuanian: Kauno Šv. apaštalų Petro ir Povilo arkikatedra bazilika) is a Roman Catholic cathedral basilica in Kaunas Lithuania. The exact date when the first Gothic style church dedicated to apostles Saint Peter and Saint Paul was built is unknown but it was first mentioned in written sources in 1413. The first parochial school in Kaunas at the St. Peter and St. Paul church was mentioned in 1473. The construction works were concluded only in 1624.
 The Met 2 Financial Center (officially the Wells Fargo Center) is part of the Metropolitan Miami complex of four skyscrapers in the central business district of Downtown Miami Florida United States. It was completed in early 2010.Met 2 is actually two buildings built adjacent to each other that are connected at the bottom using the same parking garage.
 Share This Place: Stories and Observations is a collaborative album between Mirah and Spectratone International (Lori Goldston and Kyle Hanson) released on K Records in 2007. The subject matter revolves around the lives of insects. Stop motion films by Britta Johnson were also a part of the project which received a positive reception in publications such as Allmusic and Pitchfork Media.
 Milošev Konak (Serbian: Кућа Милоша Обреновића) is the residence of Serbian duke Miloš Obrenović which is located in Gornja Crnuća in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac Serbia and is one of the Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance for Serbia added in 2000. Gornje Crnuće can be considered first but the temporary capital of Serbia since the prince Miloš Obrenović ruled Serbia for two years from that house.
 The Attucks School also known as Southeast Elementary School or Attucks Alternative Academy in Vinita Oklahoma is signicant in education and black ethnic heritage.Constructed in 1916-17 the Attucks School served the black community of Vinita Oklahoma as a combined elementary junior and high school. Stylistically the school is a combination of a simplified Art Deco and WPA construction.
 Fab Four Suture is a compilation album by Stereolab released in March 2006. It collects six singles and their B-sides originally released on 7-inch vinyl in 2005 and 2006.
 Dwarakeswar River (Bengali: দ্বারকেশ্বর নদ) (also known as Dhalkisor) is a major river in the western part of West Bengal.
 Forward the Foundation (1993) is a novel written by Isaac Asimov. It is the second of two prequels to the Foundation Series. It is written in much the same style as the original novel Foundation a novel composed of chapters with long intervals in between.
 Fort Ward is a former Union Army installation now located in the city of Alexandria in the U.S. state of Virginia. It was the fifth largest fort built to defend Washington D.C. in the American Civil War. It is currently well-preserved with 90-95% of its earthen walls intact.
 Skinned Deep is a 2004 horror film directed and written by Gabriel Bartalos.
 The Coamo River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Hamlin Peak is a 4756-foot (1450 m) mountain located in Baxter State Park in Piscataquis County Maine. Hamlin Peak is a northern spur of the greater Mount Katahdin massif and is flanked to the south by Baxter Peak and to the north by the Howe Peaks.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also romanized as Ebrāhīmābād and Ibrāhīmābād) is a village in Darmian Rural District in the Central District of Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 21 families.
 Scott Reichner is a Republican member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to House District 9 which represents the Bigfork Montana area.
 Ashraf (Persian: اشرف‎ also Romanized as Āshraf) is a village in Ernan Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Joseph Stanton House (or Wilcox Tavern and General Stanton Monument) is an historic house on US 1 in Charlestown Rhode Island.The house was built in 1739 and added to the National Historic Register in 1980
 Malkaridae is a small spider family with ten species in four genera.
 Caloptilia chloroptila is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Guyana.
 The Arada River is a tributary of the Albac River in Romania.
 Tokugawa Iemochi (徳川 家茂) (July 17 1846 – August 29 1866) was the 14th shogun of the Tokugawa shogunate of Japan who held office from 1858 to 1866. During his reign there was much internal turmoil as a result of Japan's first major contact with the United States which occurred under Commodore Perry in 1853 and 1854 and of the subsequent re-opening of Japan to western nations. Iemochi's reign also saw a weakening of the shogunate.
 Stay is the tenth and final studio album from British pop group Simply Red. It was released on 12 March 2007 in the UK and entered the official charts at #4. The song most popular and played on radios is So Not Over You.
 Eduardo López de Romaña y Alvizuri (19 March 1847 – 26 May 1912) was President of Peru from 1899 to 1903. A respected member of the Peruvian elite and the López de Romaña family he was the first engineer to become President of the Republic and one of several Presidents from the Civilista Party during the era of the Aristocratic Republic.
 Jesus Lifehouse International Church Yokohama is an international church located near Sakuragicho Station Yokohama.
 George Henry Dern (September 8 1872 – August 27 1936) was an American politician mining man and businessman. He is probably best remembered for co-inventing the Holt–Dern ore roasting process as well as for his tenure as United States Secretary of War from 1933 to his death in 1936. He also served as the sixth Governor of Utah for eight years from 1925 to 1933. Dern was a progressive politician who fought for tax reform public education and social welfare.
 Chedra mimica is a moth of the Batrachedridae family. It is described from Oahu and Hawaii but is possibly an immigrant.The wingspan is 6.5-12 mm. It is mostly straw-colored flecked or marked with brown and fuscous.The larvae feed on Eragrostis species. They bore in the stems and flower heads of their host plant.
 Deltocymatocera is an involute cymatoceratid (Nautilioidea-Nautilida) with broadly arched whorl sides strongly convergent on a narrow venter that bears a slight rounded keel-like ridge and with no distinct ventro-latera shoulders. Sides bear cymatoceratid ribs that bifurcate near the middle od the whorl sides but do not cross the venter.
 Two Sought Adventure is a 1957 collection of fantasy short stories by Fritz Leiber. It was first published by Gnome Press in 1957 in an edition of 4000 copies. The collections contains all of Leiber's Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser stories that had been written at the time with the exception of Adept's Gambit. The collection was expanded and published by Ace Books in 1970 under the title Swords Against Death.
 Lake Bracciano (Italian: Lago di Bracciano) is a lake of volcanic origin in the Italian region of Lazio 32 km (20 mi) northwest of Rome. It is the second largest lake in the region (second only to Lake Bolsena) and one of the major lakes of Italy. It has a circular perimeter of approximately 32 km (20 mi).The lake owes its origin to intense volcanic activity from 600000 to 40000 years before present which created many small volcanoes in the Sabatino territory.
 The Gods Must Be Crazy is a 1980 South African comedy film written and directed by Jamie Uys. Originally released in 1980 the film is the first in The Gods Must Be Crazy series. Set in Botswana it tells the story of Xi a Sho of the Kalahari Desert (played by Namibian San farmer Nǃxau) whose tribe has no knowledge of the world beyond. The film is followed by one official sequel and three unofficial sequels produced in Hong Kong.
 Burgruine Wolkenstein is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Song'z U Can't Find is a compilation of Celly Cel's guest appearance on other rappers albums and compilations. The project was released in 2002 for Boss Up Muzik and was produced by Celly Cel Studio Ton and G-Man Stan. This compilation marked the first Celly Cel album not to chart on any album charts. Guests include E-40 B-Legit Rappin' 4-Tay WC Baby Beesh and C-Bo.
 Pawala Valley Ridge is the highest point of the Pitcairn Islands a British overseas territory in the Pacific Ocean with an altitude of 347 metres (1138 ft).
 The Shallows: What the Internet Is Doing to Our Brains published in the United Kingdom as The Shallows: How the Internet Is Changing the Way We Think Read and Remember is a 2010 book by American journalist Nicholas G. Carr. The book expands on the themes first raised in Is Google Making Us Stupid? Carr's 2008 essay in The Atlantic and explores the effects of the Internet on the brain. The Shallows was a finalist for the 2011 Pulitzer Prize in General Nonfiction.
 The Rio Cobre is a river of Jamaica. Its source is unclear on the best map available the headwaters being a writhing of unnamed seasonally dry tributaries. The highest of these rise just above the 1750 feet (530 m) contour. From here it flows to meet the Caribbean Sea in the north west corner of Kingston Harbour. It is dammed by the Rio Cobre Dam just above Spanish Town.The river's most significant feature is perhaps the gorge through which it runs between Bog Walk and northern Spanish Town.
 Shiranthi Rajapaksa (née Wickramasinghe) is the wife of the sixth President of Sri Lanka Mahinda Rajapaksa and the First Lady of Sri Lanka. She is a professional in child psychology and pre-school education.
 Kalendervägen 113.D is a bonus EP included with the initial pre-order copies of Jens Lekman's 2007 album Night Falls Over Kortedala. It is a stripped-down 7-track medley of songs from Night Falls...
 Mont Bengoué is the highest mountain in Gabon. Mont Bengoué is located in the Ogooué-Ivindo Province.
 Circles In A Square Society is the sixth album by the jazz/world music trio Boi Akih released in 2012.After extensive listening sessions with classic rock records and lengthy discussions about songs with a timeless quality Brouer and Akihary decided to incorporate some of their favorite selections into an album that includes a musical commentary on the era from which the songs came.
 Thomas C. Alexander (born July 25 1956 in Seneca South Carolina) is a businessman who is currently serving in the South Carolina Senate as a Republican from the 1st District.
 Frindle is a 1996 children's novel written by American author Andrew Clements and illustrated by Brian Selznick.Frindle was Clements's first novel. All his previous works had been picture books. Clements described the idea as having come to him in the form of the thought What would happen if a kid started using a new word and other kids really liked it but his teacher didn't?
 The Headless Lady (1940) is a whodunnit mystery novel written by Clayton Rawson. A character in the novel a detective story writer named Stuart Towne has the same name as a pen name of Rawson. This is the third of four mysteries featuring The Great Merlini a stage magician and Rawson's favorite protagonist.
 Guangzhou Circle (Chinese: 广州圆大厦) is a landmark building located in Guangzhou Guangdong province China. Its the headquarters of the Hongda Xingye Group and the new home of Guangdong Plastic Exchange (GDPE) the world largest trading centre for raw plastic material with more than 25 billions euros of annual turn over (2012).
 Rhodambulyx is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Hugh Llewellyn Nichols (March 25 1865 – December 29 1942) was an American politician who served as the 32nd Lieutenant Governor of Ohio from 1911 to 1913 and Chief Justice Supreme Court of Ohio 1913 to 1920.
 The Valea Mineii River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Budiměřice is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Básico is the first live album (and third album overall) from Spanish singer Alejandro Sanz. Básico was released in promotion of Si Tú Me Miras. The album features a concert recorded in 1993 in which he gave an acoustic treatment to the hits of Viviendo Deprisa and Si Tú Me Miras. The album was originally a limited edition but after the success of the album Más it was re-edited on May 26 1998.
 The Haulover Canal is a waterway north of Merritt Island Florida near the former site of Allenhurst that connects Mosquito Lagoon with the Indian River and is part of the Intracoastal Waterway.In the early 1960s there were plans to relocate the canal further north near the junction of US 1 and Courtenay Parkway but by 1964 when the new Haulover Canal Bridge was constructed these plans had been shelved.
 Urophora hispanica is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Count Lőrinc Ágoston Gyula Szapáry de Szapár Muraszombat et Széchy-Sziget (July 10 1866 – July 13 1919) was a Hungarian diplomat who served as Austro-Hungarian Ambassador to Chile from 1912 to 1916. The legation in Santiago was established in 1902. The envoy was also accredited to La Paz Bolivia and Lima Peru. He retired in 1918.He was the second son of former Prime Minister Count Gyula Szapáry and Countess Karolina Festetics.
 A Map of the World (1994) is a novel by Jane Hamilton. It was the Oprah's Book Club selection for December 1999. It was made into a movie released in 1999 starring Sigourney Weaver Julianne Moore David Strathairn Chloë Sevigny Louise Fletcher and Marc Donato with a soundtrack by Pat Metheny.
 Gaularfjellet is a mountain area in central Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The mountains for the borders between the municipalities of Gaular Balestrand and Førde. Norwegian County Road 13 crosses the mountains through a pass that follows the river Gaula.
 Pere López Agràs (born 1971) is an Andorran politician who served as an acting Prime Minister from April 28 2011 until May 12 2011.
 Prairie Mission also known as the Prairie Mission School and Prairie Institute was a historic African American school in the community of Prairie Alabama. The school is the only survivor of the six original Presbyterian mission schools that once operated in Wilcox County. It was placed on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on July 22 1991 and subsequently on the National Register of Historic Places on October 29 2001 due its significance to African American history.
 The Clouded Skipper (Lerema accius) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the United States from Georgia west to Texas south to Florida and south through Mexico and Central America to Venezuela and Colombia.The wingspan is 32–45 mm. Adults are on wing year round in Florida and southern Texas.The larvae feed on various grasses including Stenotaphrum secundatum Erianthus alopecturoides and Echinochloa povietianum.
 Bodily Functions is a 2001 album released by electronic musician Herbert. It was released by !K7 Records in 2001 to positive critical reception.
 Sukhota (Ukrainian: Сухота) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Swim was the second EP by the British alternative rock band Feeder. It was Feeder's second commercial release but failed to have much success. The EP had influences of Smashing Pumpkins early work along with Nirvana Manic Street Preachers and Silverchair that followed on Polythene.
 Red Riders is the eponymous debut EP by the Red Riders released on August 1 2004.
 Sunsets & Sushi: Experiments in Spectral Deconstruction is David Crowder Band's first studio EP. It contains remixes of eight songs from their 2003 release Illuminate.
 The World Almanac and Book of Facts is a US-published reference work and is the bestselling almanac conveying information about such subjects as world changes tragedies sports feats etc.
 Natpukaaga (Tamil: நட்புக்காக English: For Friendship) is a 1998 Tamil language film directed by K. S. Ravikumar. It starred Sarath Kumar and Simran Bagga in the lead roles. It became a success upon release. It was remade into Telugu as Sneham Kosam which starred Chiranjeevi with K. S. Ravikumar directing the version.Later remade in Kannada as Diggajaru (2000).
 Count Petar Pejačević of Virovitica (Croatian: grof Petar Pejačević Virovitički Hungarian: verőczei gróf Péter Pejacsevich; 20 February 1804 – 15 April 1887) was a Croatian politician who served as Hungarian Minister without portfolio of Croatian Affairs between 1871 and 1876. He was a member of the Ruma-Retfala branch of the Pejačević noble family.Pejačević studied law in the Theresianum in Vienna. In 1845 he was appointed prefect (župan) of Bjelovar-Križevci County.
 The Musée National de Préhistoire et d'Ethnographie du Bardo (Arabic: المتحف الوطني باردو‎ El-mathaf El-ouatani Bardo) is a museum located in Algeria. It was established in 1920s.
 Chocicza [xɔˈt͡ɕit͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 1150.
 John Bender was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1993-2000. His district consisted of a portion of Lorain County Ohio. He was succeeded by Jeffrey Manning. Bender was previously an at-large member of the Elyria Ohio city council. After leaving the statehouse he served as a member of the Ohio Democratic Party State Central Committee. He currently serves on the Ohio Board of Education.
 Shamkhalar is a village in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Newton Arlosh is in the village of Newton Arlosh Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Carlisle the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. It was built as a fortified church one of a number of such buildings near the Scottish border.It was restored and extended in the 19th century. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 B V Karanth:Baba Kannada: (ಬಿ ವಿ ಕಾರಂತ:ಬಾಬ) is a biographical Kannada language feature length documentary film on the life and times of BV Karanth the man whose influenced Post Independence Modern Indian theater the most.The film is directed Ramchandra P. N. and the producer is Films Division an organisation under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting Government of India.
 The Cuanza Vlei Rat (Otomys cuanzensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Angola.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and swamps.
 Troth's Fortune also known as Troth's Farm is a historic home in Easton Talbot County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story two-room deep gambrel-roofed dwelling with a medieval style stair tower and a richly detailed interior. The house has two 20th century frame wings.
 Franklin MacVeagh (November 22 1837 – July 6 1934) was an American politician lawyer grocer and banker. He was served as the United States Secretary of the Treasury under President William Howard Taft.
 Gilbert R. Baker (born September 5 1956) is a Republican former member of the Arkansas State Senate from District 30. In 2010 Baker was an unsuccessful candidate for the United States Senate seat formerly held by the Democrat Blanche Lincoln. He served in the Senate from 2001 to 2013.A native of Monahans in West Texas Baker holds degrees from Louisiana Tech University in Ruston Louisiana. and the University of Arizona in Tucson Arizona.
 Saeta rubia is a 1956 Spanish film directed by Florián Rey.
 Soğukkuyu is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Movenpick Hotel is a 5-star hotel in Bur Dubai Dubai UAE. The hotel has 225 rooms and suites over 5 floors. The other attractions includes: Fountain Restaurant La Veranda Somerset’s Cafe Expresso Fakhreldine Rooftop Bar swimming pool children’s pool gym business center and meeting and conference rooms.
 Kassina lamottei is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Ivory Coast possibly Guinea and possibly Liberia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.These frogs have short hind limbs and tend to crawl sluggishly rather than jump. When threatened the frog bends its back and put its head between its arms which together with the legs are held close to the body.
 The Slamgeesh Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains located between the Skeena River and Slamgeesh River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Roshy Augustine (born 20 January 1969) is a Member of Kerala Legislative Assembly from Idukki constituency Kerala India representing Kerala Congress (M). He was born to Augustine Thomas and Leelamma on 20 January 1969 at Palai. He started his political career for his school level. He was the leader of Edakkoli Government High School Parliament Unit President of Kerala Students Congress (M) in St.
 Fraus polyspila is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is endemic to New South Wales South Australia Victoria and Western Australia.Adults are on wing in May.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Erharta species. They create tunnels of about 20 cm deep.
 Rock And Roll Volume 2. is a 12 vinyl album by Gene Summers and five other artists. This was the first album ever released on Summers. It was issued in 1973 on the Collector Records imprint a re-issue label located in the Netherlands. It is not available on CD.
 A New High in Low is a double-disc album released by Pigface on August 26 1997 featuring the work of Martin Atkins Genesis P-Orridge Dave Wright and poet Meg Lee Chin.
 The Journal of the American Oil Chemists’ Society is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media and the American Oil Chemists' Society. The journal publishes original research articles letters and invited reviews in the area of science and technology of oils fats oilseed proteins and related materials.
 Hits Unlimited is the fourth album from 2 Unlimited and the last to feature Ray Slijngaard and Anita Doth. It was a greatest hits package featuring 16 songs: 13 previous singles and 3 new ones. The album was certified gold in the Netherlands
 The Ivory Trail is a 1999 young-adult horror novel by Victor Kelleher. It follows the story of Jamie Hassan who is coming of age in a traditional mysticism bohemian family. After receiving an ivory carving he is sent on journeys through time in order to find his spiritual guide.
 Typhlobarbus nudiventris is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China. It is the only species in its genus.
 Namak Haraam (Devanagari: नमक हराम Nastaliq: نمک ہرام; translation: traitor) is a 1973 Indian Hindi drama film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The music is by R.D. Burman the screenplay by Gulzar and lyrics by Anand Bakshi. The film stars Rajesh Khanna and Amitabh Bachchan. It also stars Rekha Asrani Raza Murad A.K. Hangal Simi Garewal and Om Shivpuri.
 Nam-e Nik (Persian: نام نيك‎ also Romanized as Nām-e Nīk and Nām Nīk; also known as Nāmīn Nānik and Nānīn) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Kalpush District Meyami County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2682 in 588 families.
 Längelmävesi (Finnish pronunciation: [ˈlæŋŋelmæʋesi]) is a lake in southwestern Finland. The lake is located mostly in the Pirkanmaa region at an elevation of 84.2 metres (276 ft). Längelmävesi is within the municipalities of Jämsä (formerly Längelmäki) Kangasala (formerly Sahalahti) Kuhmalahti and Orivesi.
 Tremont Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at The Bronx New York New York. The church was built in two phases between 1904 and 1912. It is a one story building above a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival style. It is 50 feet tall with a 75 foot tall offset corner tower.
 The Islamic Museum of Tripoli is a museum of Islamic culture that has been being built under the support and patronage of Saif al-Islam Gaddafi in Tripoli Libya.
 Somerset Cricket Museum in Taunton Somerset England is a small museum housing exhibits on the history of cricket with a particular emphasis on the history of Somerset County Cricket Club.
 The St. Peter's Episcopal Church Complex is a historic Episcopal church complex located at 169 Genesee Street in Auburn. The complex consists of the church the Parish House a cemetery and a small burial plot.The church as built in 1868–1870 was designed by noted architect Henry Dudley in the Gothic Revival style. It is constructed of rock faced limestone laid in random ashlar and trimmed with dressed limestone.
 The Old West Austin Historic District is a residential community in Austin Texas United States. It is composed of three neighborhoods located on a plateau just west of downtown Austin: Old Enfield Pemberton Heights and Bryker Woods. Developed between 1886 and 1953 the three historic neighborhoods stretch from Mopac Expressway east to Lamar Boulevard and from 13th Street north to 35th Street.
 Adscita alpina is a moth of the Zygaenidae family. It is found in France Switzerland Austria and Italy.The wingspan is 20–30 mm. Adults are on wing from July to the beginning of September.The larvae feed on Rumex species including Rumex scutatus. Young larvae overwinter. Full-grown larvae can be found from May to the end June.
 Barry Matthews (born 1946) was Chief Executive of the New Zealand Department of Corrections from 2005 to 2010. Prior to that he was a long-serving police officer. Matthews worked in the public sectors of New Zealand and Australia for almost four decades. He has a Masters Degree in Business Administration Law Professional examinations a Bachelor of Laws Degree and a Diploma of Criminology.
 That Lady is a 1955 film directed by Terence Young. It stars Olivia de Havilland Gilbert Roland and Paul Scofield. The film is based on the 1946 historical novel by Kate O'Brien which was published in North America under the title For One Sweet Grape. Olivia de Havilland plays Ana de Mendoza a swashbuckling sword-toting princess.
 Cream Corn from the Socket of Davis is the second studio EP by American punk band Butthole Surfers released in October 1985. All songs were written and produced by the Butthole Surfers.The EP was originally released on Touch and Go. It was also included with CD editions of Rembrandt Pussyhorse in the U.S. and Psychic... Powerless... Another Man's Sac in the UK. Rembrandt Pussyhorse and Cream Corn... were again packaged as a single album when they were reissued on Latino Buggerveil in 1999.
 Buvlja pijaca (trans. Flea Market) is the fourth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba released in 1982.The album is the second Riblja Čorba album produced by John McCoy.
 The Le Sueur River (lay-SEWER) is a tributary of the Blue Earth River 111 miles (178 km) long in southern Minnesota in the United States. Via the Blue Earth and Minnesota Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 1089 square miles (2280 km²). It is the largest tributary of the Blue Earth River draining 31% of its watershed.
 Out Where the Bright Lights Are Glowing was the twelfth studio album of Country music artist Ronnie Milsap. It was released in 1981 under the RCA Records label. The album produced one single Am I Losing You which was a #1 hit for Milsap. The album is a tribute to the late Jim Reeves and all songs are covers of Reeves songs except for two new tunes which were written about Reeves specifically for this project.
 Lasiocampa is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 Góra [ˈɡura] (German: Gurra (1938-45:Gebürge)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Orzysz 25 km (16 mi) north of Pisz and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 The Shiliin Bogd (Mongolian: Шилийн богд) is an extinct volcano in eastern Mongolia. The Shiliin Bogd is the highest peak in Sükhbaatar Province at 1778 metres (5833 ft) above sea level and has a crater of 2 kilometers wide and over 300 metres (980 ft) deep.
 Rue de l'Estrapade is a 1953 French film.
 Grace and Truth is a novel by Irish writer Jennifer Johnston first published in 2005 by Headline Books.
 The Bohodei River is a tributary of the Aleu River in Romania. The Bohodei Waterfall is a touristical attraction on this river.
 Mike Roos is an American political strategist and former legislative leader in the California State Assembly which he served for over 14 years (1977-1991).
 Rud Bardeh (Persian: رودبرده‎ also Romanized as Rūd Bardeh Rood Bardeh and Rūdbordeh; also known as Rudburde) is a village in Sangar Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2563 in 715 families.
 Breaking Hearts is the eighteenth studio album by British singer/songwriter Elton John released in 1984. It features the quartet of John Davey Johnstone Dee Murray and Nigel Olsson. There were two hit singles from the album: the US #5 hit Sad Songs (Say So Much) and the UK No. 5 hit Passengers.This was the last studio album until 2001's Songs from the West Coast that would feature Olsson on drums.
 Getting Dressed in the Dark is the debut country music album of artist Jaron Lowenstein more commonly known as Jaron and the Long Road to Love. It was released on June 22 2010 via Universal Republic.The album's first single Pray for You was released in November 2009 and has become a Top 20 single on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart as well as a Top 40 single on the Billboard Hot 100.
 The Bayfield Fish Hatchery is a historic fish hatchery in Salmo Wisconsin located 2.3 miles (3.7 km) southwest of Bayfield. The hatchery was built in 1897 in the Queen Anne style and Shingle style using local brownstone and played a historically significant role in the fishing industry on Lake Superior. On July 22 1981 the hatchery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 BMC Structural Biology is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research in structural biology. The journal was established in 2001 and is published by BioMed Central. The editor-in-chief is Simon Harold.
 Eteobalea siciliae is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found on Sicily as well as in Algeria and Turkey.The wingspan is about 13–14 mm. Adults have been recorded in June and from August to the beginning of September.
 Calliostoma quadricolor is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Fautor).
 Hold Tight is a Harlan Coben 2008 stand-alone thriller dealing with problems of parental controls teenage suicide children independence and abuse of prescribed drugs. It features several characters that are equally important. It was moderately well received by the critics. It debuted simultaneously as a No. 1 New York Times best seller and a Times of London best seller.
 Jiesa Lake (Chinese: 杰萨错; pinyin: Jiésà Cuò) or Gyesar Tso (Tibetan: སྒྱེ་གསར་མཚོ Wylie: sgye gsar mtsho ZYPY: Gyesar Tso) is a lake in Coqên County in the Ngari Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. It is located southwest of Coqên Town. Fed by 27 small streams it is 32.1 km long and 7.2 km wide and has an area of 146.4 square km.
 Huwniki [xuvˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Fredropol 16 km (10 mi) south of Przemyśl and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 The Cocaz River is a tributary of the Bârnaru River in Romania.
 John Stuchell Fisher (May 25 1867 – June 25 1940) was Pennsylvania's 29th Governor a Republican.
 Tomé José de Barros Queirós (Thomé José de Barros Queiroz in Portuguese of the early 20th century; Ílhavo 2 February 1872 — Lisbon 5 May 1925) was a Portuguese trader capitalist and politician of the period of the Portuguese First Republic. Among others posts he served as member of the parliament Minister of Finances and eventually President of the Ministry (Prime Minister).
 Marcello Dell'Utri (born 11 September 1941 in Palermo Sicily) is an Italian politician senior advisor to Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. Formerly Senator in the Italian Senate for The People of Freedom political movement he was also member of the Italian Parliamentary Delegation to the Council of Europe and of the Italian Parliamentary Delegation to the Western European Union (WEO).
 Barbus jubbi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Gut River is a river beach and small hamlet on an isolated stretch of south facing coastline in Manchester Jamaica. The name is said by the locals to derive from the German word for good.
 Insanity Streak is a comic strip written by Tony Lopes of Australia. First appearing in 1995 it is distributed in over twenty countries and received the Stanley Award from the Australian Cartoonist's Association in October 2007.
 All Saints Catholic Church is an historic church at 201 East 10th Street in the historic Heights area of Houston Texas. The parish is a part of the Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston.The Romanesque Revival-style church building was constructed in 1926 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It contains beautiful Italian stained glass windows. In 2013 iconographer Br.
 Qarah Qeshlaq (Persian: قره قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qarah Qeshlāq and Qareh Qeshlāq; also known as Kara-Kishlak and Qara Qishlāq) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 73 families.
 The Olympic National Park Headquarters Historic District overlooks Port Angeles Washington from Peabody Heights consisting of six contributing buildings built in 1940-41 and several more non-contributing buildings that act as the administrative headquarters for Olympic National Park. The contributing structures were built using locally obtained native materials in a late interpretation of the National Park Service Rustic style. Native landscaping enhances the site.
 Kupon-e Olya (Persian: كوپن عليا‎ also Romanized as Kūpon-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kūpān Kūpān-e ‘Olyā and Kūpon-e Bālā) is a village in Rostam-e Seh Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2357 in 446 families.
 Heterocryphia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Braakberg is a 645.5 metre high mountain in the Harz in central Germany that lies in the unincorporated area of Harz in the district of Osterode am Harz in the state of Lower Saxony.
 Bayane Al Yaoume (Arabic: بيان اليوم‎) is a daily Arabic language Moroccan newspaper.
 Toddsbury is a historic home located on the banks of the North River in Gloucester County Virginia. The house was built around 1669 by Thomas Todd and inhabited by his descendants until 1880. The house continues to be a private residence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.
 Bernardino Luís Machado Guimarães GCTE GCL (Portuguese pronunciation: [bɨɾnaɾˈdinu mɐˈʃadu]; 28 March 1851 – 29 April 1944) was a Portuguese political figure the third and eighth President of Portugal (1915–17 1925–26).
 Goddess of Yesterday is a book by Caroline B. Cooney based on the Trojan War from Greek mythology. The book was nominated for the South Carolina Junior Book Award.
 Physica is a Dutch series of peer-reviewed scientific journals of physics by Elsevier. It was founded in 1934 as a single journal entitled Physica and was split in a three-part series in 1975 (Physica A Physica B Physica C). Physica D was created in 1980 and Physica E in 1998. It was published in Utrecht until 2007 and is now published in Amsterdam by Elsevier.
 Mala época (English: Bad Times) is a 1998 Argentine drama film. The film was executive produced by Mario Santos.This dramatic anthology of four episodes represents the collaborative effort of Mariano De Rosa Rodrigo Moreno Salvador Roselli and Nicolás Saad. Each wrote and directed an episode.
 Kenneth Ugwu Nnamani is a former Nigerian senator who represented the People's Democratic Party (PDP) in Enugu State. He became a senator in 2003 and was president of the Senate of Nigeria from 2005 to 2007.
 Cadell Training Centre is an Australian minimum security prison located in Cadell South Australia approximately 180 km north-east of Adelaide and 10 km from the town of Morgan. Named for the town of Cadell which is itself named after Captain Francis Cadell who was the navigator on Charles Sturt’s successful exploration of the Murray River.
 Mordellistena nyctaletes is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Franciscolo in 1962.
 Sidney Herbert 14th Earl of Pembroke 11th Earl of Montgomery GCVO PC (20 February 1853 – 30 March 1913) styled The Honourable Sidney Herbert between 1861 and 1895 was a British politician and peer.
 Circica xestobela is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Meyrick in 1888. It is found in New Zealand.
 Qermezi Qeshlaq (Persian: قرمزي قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qermezī Qeshlāq; also known as Qezel Qeshlāq) is a village in Koshksaray Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 660 in 163 families.
 Politique africaine is a quarterly open access academic journal that publishes articles and book reviews on current issues in African politics. It was established in 1981 and is published for the Association des chercheurs de Politique Africaine by Éditions Karthala in Paris France.
 The Fleming River is a river of the eastern Catlins New Zealand. A tributary of the Tautuku River it rises west of Soaker Hill in the Maclennan Range and flows south-eastward through the Catlins Forest Park to join that river at Tautuku.
 Morawa [mɔˈrava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom within Świdnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Strzegom 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Świdnica and 49 kilometres (30 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Doctor Rhythm is a 1938 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Bing Crosby Mary Carlisle Beatrice Lillie and Andy Devine. Based on the short story The Badge of Policeman O'Roon by O. Henry the film is about a doctor who pretends to be a policeman assigned as the bodyguard of a wealthy matron whose beautiful niece becomes the object of his affections. The film features the songs On the Sentimental Side and My Heart is Taking Lessons.
 Neptis amieti is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Gabon.
 Nietzsche's Kisses is a postmodern novel by Lance Olsen published in 2006 by Fiction Collective Two. It is a work of historiographic metafiction.
 Dana Ahmed Majid (born 1957) is an Iraqi Kurdish politician A former high-ranking member of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan and now a leading member of the Gorran Movement he was the Governor of Sulaymaniah and former head of Asayesh security forces of Iraq Kurdistan. Dana started his career as a Peshmerge & later became the PUK's representative to Tehran and Damascus. The Christian Science Monitor describes Dana as having an enigmatic smile.
 Come Together: America Salutes The Beatles is a tribute album to The Beatles. Released in 1995 (see 1995 in country music) on Liberty Records the album features covers of various Beatles songs as performed by country music artists. The album cover features artwork by John Lennon.
 Biblical Graffiti is the 5th album by Christian parody band ApologetiX. 5 tracks from this album would later be featured on the band's greatest hits album while another 2 would later be included on Hits: The Road.The title refers to Led Zeppelin's 1975 album Physical Graffiti while the cover art parodies the album art to Pink Floyd's The Wall.
 Sir Kenneth Charles Calman KCB DL FRSE (born 25 December 1941) is a Scottish cancer researcher and former Chief Medical Officer of Scotland and then England. He was Warden and Vice-Chancellor of Durham University from 1998 to 2006 before becoming Chancellor of the University of Glasgow. He has held the position of Chair of National Cancer Research Institute since April 2008. From 2008 to 2009 he was convener of the Calman Commission on Scottish devolution.
 Luzerne Presbyterial Institute also known as the Wyoming Institute is a historic church school on Institute Street in Wyoming Pennsylvania.It was built in 1849 for use as a school the Luzerne Presbyterial Institute which closed in 1869. The building was then used as a Sunday school by the Wyoming Presbyterian Church. It was added to the National Register in 1979.
 The Ranger's Dormitory at the South Rim of Grand Canyon National Park was built in 1920-21. Originally built as a worker's dormitory it was converted for ranger use in 1927. The stone building was designed by Daniel Ray Hull of the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs and is a precursor of the later National Park Service Rustic style.The dormitory is one of the earliest National Park Service-built structures at the South Rim.
 The Mysterious Rider is a 1938 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and starring Douglass Dumbrille Sidney Toler and Russell Hayden. Written by Maurice Geraghty based on the 1921 novel The Mysterious Rider by Zane Gray the film is about a notorious outlaw who returns to the ranch he once owned and takes a job disguised as a ranch hand.
 Uradeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Grabovnica Croatia is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D26 highway.
 Alicia Austin's Age of Dreams is a collection of drawings by Alicia Austin. It was published in 1978 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 2000 copies of which 200 were bound in buckram and signed by Austin. The book contains an introduction by George Barr and an afterword by Austin.
 Lankascincus is a genus of skinks.
 Mobarakiyeh (Persian: مباركيه‎ also Romanized as Mobāraḵīyeh) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 En Concierto 1983 is the 3rd album from Mexican pop music Group Timbiriche. It was released on 1983.
 Wólka Nowodworska [ˈvulka nɔvɔdˈvɔrska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 114.
 Pimpalgaon Tarf Khed is a panchayat village in the state of Maharashtra India on the left (east) bank of the Bhima River. Administratively Pimpalgaon Tarf Khed is under Khed Taluka of Pune District in Maharashtra. The village of Pimpalgaon Tarf Khed is 11 km east of the town of Chakan and 23 km by road south of the town of Rajgurunagar (Khed).There are four villages in the Pimpalgaon T. Khed gram panchayat: Pimpalgaon Tarf Khed Velhavale Waki Tarf Wada and Wanjale.
 The United Brethren in Christ Church also known as File Mile Chapel is a historic church building located southeast of Cincinnati in Anderson Township Hamilton County Ohio United States. Built in 1844 it is a stone building with a stone foundation and a slate roof.
 Naranpanawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 St. Louis Church is a historic church building at 300 N. Chapel Street in Louisville Ohio.It was built in 1870 in a French Gothic/High Victorian Gothic style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Portuguese Tribune also known as Tribuna Portuguesa is a Portuguese bilingual newspaper headquartered in Modesto California. It was founded in July 1979 by John P. Brum in San Jose CA. It is currently owned by The Tagus Group and its publisher and editor is José Ávila.
 The International Longshoreman's Association Hall is a historic labor union meeting hall in Mobile Alabama. The International Longshoremen's Association established the Mobile chapter in 1936 in order to represent the city's African American longshoremen. The hall was built in 1949 in the Art Moderne style. Many prominent African-American entertainers performed in its auditorium. It became a gathering place during the Civil Rights Movement.
 Back On Top is an album by blues pianist Pinetop Perkins.
 Płoska - is a river in east Poland in Podlaskie Voivodeship a left tributary of the Supraśl River with a length of 236 kilometres and the basin area of 216 km2. There is good river for rafting. The largest tributary is Świniobródka.
 Lake Marian is a lake in the Darran Mountains in the Fiordland National Park in the South Island of New Zealand.It is fed and drained by Marian Creek which in turn feeds into the Hollyford River. A tramping track leads to the lake from the Hollyford River valley road.
 Sierra de Utiel (Valencian: Serra d'Utiel) is a 16.45 km (10 mi) long mountain range in the Alt Palància Alt Millars and Plana Baixa comarcas Valencian Community Spain. Its highest point is the 1306 m high El Remedio (Valencian: El Remei). There is often snow in the winter.
 The Lanë (definite Albanian form: Lana) is the main stream that crosses through Tirana the capital of Albania. Its source is in the mountains east of Tirana. Although once clean it now carries sewage. Before there were many buildings around and on the banks of the river but they were torn down and removed in a campaign by Tirana's then mayor Edi Rama. Now most of its banks have been planted with different kinds of trees and grass.
 The Journal for General Philosophy of Science / Zeitschrift für allgemeine Wissenschaftstheorie is a scientific journal publishing contributions from all areas of philosophy of science and about all philosophical topics relevant to the sciences and the humanities.
 The Crow–Hightower House in Eads Colorado is a historic house that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.It was deemed significant for its representation of a circular plan Modern Movement/Novelty style dwelling. The style is reflected in the house's circular plan conical entrance turret roof crenellations contrasting blond and red brick and innovative interior layout.
 F. est un salaud (English title F. Is a Bastard or Fögi Is a Bastard released in German as De Fögi isch en Souhund) is a 1998 French/Swiss film based upon the novel of the same name by Martin Frank. It was filmed in Zürich Switzerland. The setting is the early 1970s Zurich. The film was shown in 1999 at the Locarno Film Festival the Toronto International Film Festival and the 1998 Toronto International Film Festival.
 The Palace of Holyroodhouse commonly referred to as Holyrood Palace is the official residence of the British monarch in Scotland.
 Ballycroy is a village in County Mayo Connacht Ireland. The village was the location for the 1982 film The Ballroom of Romance. The actual ballroom used in the film still exists albeit in a derelict condition and is located at Doona Cross to the west of the village.
 Zebrasoma xanthurus is a Tang from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 22 cm in length.
 The Madon (French: le Madon) is a 96.9 km (60.2 mi) long river in the Vosges and Meurthe-et-Moselle départements northeastern France. Its source is near Vioménil. It flows generally north. It is a left tributary of the Moselle into which it flows at Pont-Saint-Vincent near Nancy. It was once observed to have contained large amounts of skulls at one point in time. Scientists to this day have not discovered the reason for this.
 Mountain Music released in 1982 is the award-winning third studio album by country music group Alabama. A crossover success it ranked well as an album on both country and pop charts and launched singles that were successful in several markets. This is Alabama's most successful non-compilation album. In 1998 the album was certified 5x Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 Kin (stylized as kin) is the audiovisual debut album by electronic music project iamamiwhoami pseudonym of Swedish singer-songwriter Jonna Lee. It was released on 11 June 2012 on iamamiwhoami's label To whom it may concern. distributed by Cooperative Music a group of independent labels. Formats include digital CD LP and DVD.
 The Waitutu River is a river in southern Fiordland New Zealand. It is the outlet of Lake Poteriteri to the sea.
 St. Basil Catholic Church is a Catholic Church parish of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles. Serving the archdiocese's Our Lady of the Angels Pastoral Region the Roman Rite parish is located at 3611 Wilshire Boulevard in the Wilshire district of Los Angeles California. The parish church building was built from 1967-1969 and dedicated in 1969.
 Cannons was a stately home in Little Stanmore Middlesex built for James Brydges 1st Duke of Chandos between 1713 and 1724 at a cost of £200000 (equivalent to £26410000 today) but which in 1747 was razed and its contents dispersed. The name Cannons is an obsolete spelling of canons and refers to the Augustinian canons of St Bartholomew-the-Great London who owned the estate before the English Reformation.
 Jeremy K.B. Kinsman (born January 28 1942) is a retired Canadian career diplomat. He was the Canadian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom (2000–2002) and the Canadian Ambassador to the European Union (2002–2006).Born in Montreal Quebec he graduated from Princeton University in 1963 and the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris in 1965. He joined the Department of External Affairs in 1966.
 Alucita illuminatrix is a species of moth of the Alucitidae family. It is known from Cameroon.
 Kozery [kɔˈzɛrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Grodzisk Mazowiecki and 32 km (20 mi) west of Warsaw.
 The Parish Church of St Clement is the parish church of the parish of Saint Clement in Jersey. It is one of the twelve 'Ancient Parish Churches' of Jersey.In ancient Latin documents the church is referred to as Ecclesia Sancti Clemtentis de Petravilla in Gersuis which translates to the Church of St. Clement on the estate of Peter in Jersey.
 The Two-spotted Skipper (Euphyes bimacula) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in North America from northeast Colorado and western Nebraska; eastern Nebraska east to southern Quebec; southern Maine south to central Virginia; coastal plain south to Georgia; the Gulf Coast.The wingspan is 25–30 mm. They are dark brown on the upperside and pale tawny orange beneath.The larvae feed on Carex trichocarpa.
 The Cyprus Turkish Islamic Community of Victoria more commonly known as the Sunshine Mosque is an Ottoman/Turkish-style mosque in Sunshine a suburb of Melbourne Australia. The Mosque contains 17 domes a minaret and a courtyard.
 Ummy Ally Mwalimu (born 5 September 1973) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and a special seat Member of Parliament since 2010. She is the current Deputy State Minister of Environment.
 Murray Hill is a historic home located at Delhi in Delaware County New York United States. It was built in 1867 and is a frame building with an irregular plan in the Italian Villa style. It consists of a two-story ell-shaped main block with lower wings extending from the south side and rear. It features a three-story tower above the main entrance with a one-story porch extending across the front.
 Roger S. Goodell (born February 19 1959) is the Commissioner of the National Football League (NFL) having been chosen to succeed the retiring Paul Tagliabue on August 8 2006. He was chosen over four finalists for the position winning a close vote on the fifth ballot before being unanimously approved by acclamation of the owners. He officially began his tenure on September 1 2006 just prior to the beginning of the 2006 NFL season.
 You Oughta Be Here with Me is an album by American country music singer George Jones. This album was released in 1990 on Epic Records. It includes the singles Hell Stays Open (All Night Long) and Six Foot Deep Six Foot Down neither of which charted. However two of the album's songs — Somebody Paints the Wall and Ol' Red — were chart singles for other artists.
 The Kon-Tiki Theatre was a Polynesian-themed cinema operating in Trotwood Ohio United States a suburb of Dayton Ohio between 1968 and 1999. The unique building was a landmark along Salem Avenue for decades before being demolished in 2005 to make room for a medical facility.The Kon Tiki was originally owned and operated by the Levin family. On May 13 1987 the owners leased it to USA Cinemas who renamed it Salem Avenue Cinemas.
 Frank Putnam Flint (July 15 1862 – February 11 1929) was a politician and banker. He served as United States Attorney for the Southern District of California from 1897 to 1901 and as a U.S. Senator from California from 1905 until 1911 as a Republican. Flint served one term in the Senate and did not seek reelection.The city of La Cañada Flintridge California is named in part for him as he was a developer of Flintridge which merged with La Cañada in the late 20th century.
 The Große Auerberg is a hill 580 metres (1900 ft) high in the eastern Harz in the district of Mansfeld-Südharz in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt. It is a so-called double peak with summits that are 580.4 metres high (Großer Auerberg) and 580.3 metres high (Josephshöhe) which are about 470 metres apart.
 The Best of Joe Cocker was a compilation album of hits by Joe Cocker released in 1983 by EMI in Australia. The album spent three weeks at the top of the Australian album charts in 1983.
 Doctor Dolittle and the Secret Lake is a Doctor Dolittle book written by Hugh Lofting. The book was published posthumously in 1948 15 years after its predecessor. Fittingly it is the longest book in the series and the tone is the darkest; World War II took place before the book was published during which Lofting had published his anti-war poem Victory for the Slain.
 Mi mujer está loca is a 1952 Argentine film.
 Ted (stylized as ted) is a 2012 American fantasy-comedy film directed co-produced and co-written by Seth MacFarlane. It stars Mark Wahlberg Mila Kunis and MacFarlane with Joel McHale and Giovanni Ribisi in supporting roles.The film is MacFarlane's feature-length directorial debut produced by Media Rights Capital and distributed by Universal Pictures.
 Sir Hugh Lansdown Stephenson GCIE KCSI (1871–1948) served as the Governor of Bihar and Orissa from 7 April 1927 to 7 April 1932 and the Governor of the British Crown Colony of Burma from December 1932 to May 1936.
 The Slime People is a 1963 horror film directed by Robert Hutton. The film concerns a race of subterranean reptile-men (dubbed slime people due to their slime-covered skin) who create a wall of solidified fog around Los Angeles and proceed to invade the city. A pilot (portrayed by Robert Hutton) lands in Los Angeles after some difficulties in flight only to find the city almost deserted.
 Lolita Nation is the fourth official album by Game Theory a California power pop band fronted by guitarist and singer-songwriter Scott Miller. Originally released in 1987 as a double LP it is often considered to be the group's most critically acclaimed work.
 Beilbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Break Up (Italian: L'uomo dei cinque palloni and also known as The Man with the Balloons) is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Marco Ferreri.
 The Buchenbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Hind and the Panther: A Poem in Three Parts (1687) is an allegory in heroic couplets by John Dryden. At some 2600 lines it is much the longest of Dryden's poems translations excepted and perhaps the most controversial. The critic Margaret Doody has called it the great the undeniable sui generis poem of the Restoration era…It is its own kind of poem it cannot be repeated (and no one has repeated it).
 Bukhameh-ye Vosta (Persian: بوخامه وسطي‎ also Romanized as Būkhāmeh-ye Vostá) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 11 families.
 The Wynkoop House is located on New York Route 32 just north of an offramp from the New York State Thruway and its junction with NY 212 in the town of Saugerties New York United States.
 Myron Hawley McCord (November 26 1840 – April 27 1908) was an American politician businessman and military officer. He began his career in Wisconsin where he held a number of elected offices before representing Wisconsin's 9th district in the United States House of Representatives for a single term. After undergoing a bankruptcy McCord moved to Arizona Territory. There he was appointed territorial governor by his friend William McKinley.
 Pacific RailNews (PRN) originally named Pacific News and later RailNews was an American monthly magazine about railroads and rail transit oriented for railfans. It was published from 1961 until 1999. Although its coverage primarily concerned the western United States and western Canada the magazine included less-detailed news on railroads and rail-transit from non-western states as well as Mexico.
 Nefertiti figlia del sole is a 1994 Italian film directed by Guy Gilles.
 General Constand Viljoen SSA SD SOE SM (born on 28 October 1933 Standerton Mpumalanga) is a former South African military commander and politician. He is partly credited with preventing the outbreak of armed violence by disaffected white South Africans prior to post-apartheid general elections. He is married to Christina Sussanna Heckroodt and has four sons and a daughter.
 Rohani (Persian: رهني‎ also Romanized as Rohanī) is a village in Aviz Rural District in the Central District of Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 30 families.
 The Hij River is a tributary of the Burău River in Romania.
 Detane is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 224 people.
 DR. Anup Kumar Saha (born 23 January 1956) is an Indian Politician and Member of Parliament. He has been elected to 15th Lok Sabha lower house of Parliament of India in 2009 and he represents Bardhaman Purba a parliamentary constituency in West Bengal state. He holds the Degree in M.B.B.S. M.S. (Surgery) Ph.D. from Burdwan Medical College and University College of Medicine Calcutta West Bengal.
 Dracula Cha Cha Cha (re-titled Judgment of Tears in the US) is a 1998 novel by British writer Kim Newman. It is the third book in the Anno Dracula series.
 The Saturday Evening Post is a bimonthly American magazine. It was published weekly under this title from 1897 until 1963 thence biweekly until 1969 and quarterly and then bimonthly from 1971.
 Soy is the twelfth album of Puerto Rican Salsa singer Víctor Manuelle. The album was released on June 10 2008. It produced two singles Yo No Se Perdonarte and No Soy Quien.
 Capt. Thomas Moore House is a historic home located in the Queen Village neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is located in between the Nathaniel Irish House to the south and Widow Maloby's Tavern to the north. It was built in 1767 and is a 3 1/2-story three bay brick rowhouse. This house is believed to have been built by Nathaniel Irish.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. It is located in the South Front Street Historic District.
 Altaş is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Time Stands Still (Hungarian: Megáll az idő) is a 1982 Hungarian film about two brothers and the woman they both love all living in Budapest during the uprising of 1956. It stars István Znamenák Henrik Pauer Sándor Sőth Anikó Iván and Lajos Őze and was directed by Péter Gothár.
 Dreamies is an experimental music album by Bill Holt released in 1974. It is a collage of songs performed on guitar and synthesizer (a Moog Sonic Six) combined with snippets of found sound. The album consists of two long tracks (originally one on each side of the record) called Program 10 and Program 11 a reference to the Beatles' Revolution #9. Dreamies includes excerpts of radio and television broadcasts as well as samples taken from recordings by the Beatles.
 The genus Eumeces skinks (family Scincidae) comprises four African to Middle-Eastern species.
 The Windsor Arms Apartments is an historic five-storey 42-unit apartment building located at 150 Argyle Avenue in Ottawa Ontario.
 William Van Regenmorter (January 29 1939 – June 18 2012) was a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Michigan representing Ottawa County.Van Regenmorter attended Calvin College. He owned a furniture store for a time.Van Regenmorter served several terms in the Michigan State Senate (1990-2002) before being elected to the Michigan State House of Representatives in 2002. He had previously served in the state house from 1982-1990.
 The Main Event – Live is a 1974 live album and television special by Frank Sinatra.
 Thinktank is a Science museum in Birmingham England. Opened in 2001 it succeeded and has several exhibits from the City's Museum of Science and Industry. It is part of the Millennium Point complex.
 Washington is a village in Washington County Nebraska United States. The population was 150 at the 2010 census.
 Latin is the third album from improvisational electronic band Holy Fuck. It was placed on the Long List for the 2010 Polaris Music Prize. In the United States the album reached #14 on the Billboard Dance charts and #40 on the Heatseekers chart.
 Erling Folkvord (born 15 June 1949) is a Norwegian politician for the Red party and a former member of the Parliament of Norway. A revolutionary socialist he was one of the leading members of the Workers' Communist Party and the Red Electoral Alliance before they merged to form Red. He sat as a member of the Parliament of Norway from 1993 to 1997 becoming the first socialist to the left of the Socialist Left Party and the Labour Party in parliament since 1961.
 Salah Mohammad Abdel Moamen or Momen was the Egypt's minister of agriculture and lands reclamation from 2012 to 2013.
 The Nufenestock (2866 m) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Ticino. It lies between the Nufenen Pass and the Passo del Corno. On its south-west side it overlooks the lake of Gries.
 Kemeko Deluxe! (ケメコデラックス! Kemeko Derakkusu!) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by manga author Masakazu Iwasaki. The manga began serialization in the monthly shōnen manga magazine Dengeki Comic Gao! on October 27 2005 and is published by MediaWorks. The first episode of the anime adaptation was broadcast on October 4 2008.
 Turf Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada. The lake is about 35km north east of Halifax City close to the Halifax Stanfield International Airport.
 Zeiten ändern dich (English: Times change you) is a German biographical film directed by Uli Edel and starring the German rapper Bushido Elyas M'Barek Moritz Bleibtreu Karoline Schuch Fler Kay One and Nyze. The film is based on Bushido's 2008 autobiography. The film premiered in Berlin on 3 February 2010.
 Live! is the first live album by English Rock band Status Quo. It contains 2 discs. It is an amalgam of performances at Glasgow's Apollo Theatre between 27 and 29 October 1976 recorded using the Rolling Stones Mobile Studio.
 Coal Lake is a long sinuous lake located approximately 60 km (37 mi) southeast of the city of Edmonton just northeast of the city of Wetaskiwin. The lake is glacial meltwater channel from the last ice age. The lake starts east of Kavanagh Alberta and ends near Gwynne Alberta. Coal Lake was named in 1892 by J.D.A. Fitzpatrick a Dominion Land Surveyor for the coal beds present in many places along the northeast shore.
 The Das Cunhãs River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Odostomia sapia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Murg is a river and right tributary of the Rhine in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Xylophanes mineti is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Ecuador and Bolivia.The wingspan is 84-87 mm. It is similar to Xylophanes crotonis but of similar in size to Xylophanes sarae. The forewing is more slender and slightly more falcate than Xylophanes crotonis. The forewing upperside ground colour is greenish-brown (fading to reddish-brown). The first postmedian line is sometimes slightly duplicated giving the impression of a supernumerary line.
 If There Was a Way is the fourth album by Dwight Yoakam. Five of its tracks would rise into the Top 40 of the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart in 1991 and 1992. They were Turn It On Turn It Up Turn Me Loose at No. 11 You're the One at No. 5 Nothing's Changed Here at No. 15 It Only Hurts When I Cry at No. 7 Send a Message to My Heart (a duet with fellow Pikeville Kentucky native Patty Loveless) at No. 47 and finally the No. 18 The Heart That You Own.
 Dean L. Cameron (born January 20 1961) is from Rupert Idaho. He is a Republican member of the Idaho Senate representing the 27th District consisting of all of Minidoka and Cassia Counties. Dean is married to Linda Lanovara and has three children: Carissa Laci and Nathan.
 Pommern (1912–1935) was a British bred Thoroughbred racehorse an sire. In a racing career which lasted from 1914 to June 1916 he ran ten times and won seven races. As a three-year-old in 1915 he won the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket and the wartime substitutes for the Epsom Derby and the St. Leger Stakes to win a version of the English Triple Crown. After winning his only race as a four-year-old in 1916 he was retired to stud where he had limited success.
 Tea with the Black Dragon is a 1983 fantasy novel by R. A. MacAvoy. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1983 the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1984 and won MacAvoy the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer in 1983 and the Locus Award for best first novel in 1984. It also found a place in David Pringle's Modern Fantasy: The Hundred Best Novels (1988).
 Bourne Mill is an historic textile mill on the border between Tiverton Rhode Island and Fall River Massachusetts. The various buildings in the cotton mill complex were completed from 1881 to 1951 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. The Bourne corporation had a unique profit sharing arrangement based upon Jonathan Bourne's experience in the whaling industry. The company treasurer George A.
 Lambis scorpius common name the scorpion conch or scorpion spider conch is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 Rosochatka [rɔsɔˈxatka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Śliwice 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Tuchola and 67 km (42 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 240.
 The North Atlantic Current (also known as North Atlantic Drift and North Atlantic Sea Movement) is a powerful warm ocean current that continues the Gulf Stream northeast. West of Continental Europe it splits into two major branches. One branch goes southeast later to become the Canary Current as it passes northwest Africa and turns southwest. The other major branch continues north along the coast of northwestern Europe.
 The Journal of Pediatric Oncology Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal covering pediatric and oncology nursing. The editor-in-chief is Nancy E. Kline (Boston Children's Hospital). It was established in 1985 and is published by SAGE Publications in association with the Association of Pediatric Hematology/Oncology Nurses.
 Ian Angus Ross Reid PC (born July 31 1952) is a former Canadian politician and the current Chief of Staff to Newfoundland and Labrador Premier Kathy Dunderdale. Reid is a former Progressive Conservative member of Parliament who served as the Minister of Fisheries and Oceans and Minister for the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency under Prime Minister Kim Campbell.
 Mikurajima Village (御蔵島 Mikurajima-mura ) is a village located in Miyake Subprefecture Tokyo Metropolis Japan. It has a population (as of 2011) of only 271 people.
 Gerrhoceras is a genus of the family Tephritidae better known as fruit flies.
 The Frederick Crouse House is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. The original stone Dutch house was built about 1760. The house was expanded about 1780 then the main house was built in 1802. It is a substantial Federal style farmhouse and one of the oldest structures in Guilderland.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Gubongsan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 919 metres.
 The Sheep-Pig or Babe the Gallant Pig in the U.S. is a children's novel by Dick King-Smith first published by Gollancz in 1983 with illustrations by Mary Rayner. Set in rural England where King-Smith spent twenty years as a farmer it features a lone pig on a sheep farm. It was adapted as the 1995 film Babe which was a great international success.
 No Need to Argue is the second studio album by Irish rock band The Cranberries released in 1994. It was the band's most successful album and has sold about 17 million copies worldwide. It contains the band's most successful single to date Zombie. The album's mood is darker than that on Everybody Else Is Doing It So Why Can't We?. It shows a more mature performance by lyricist and vocalist Dolores O'Riordan writing about war death love and disappointment.
 The Zachery-Tolbert house is a restored pre-American Civil War house in Cashiers North Carolina. The house was built in 1850 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in December 1998.
 Gangsta Harmony is the debut album by singer/producer Mo B. Dick. It was released on April 13 1999 through No Limit Records and was produced by Mo B. Dick himself and the other members of Beats By the Pound. Gangsta Harmony wasn't much of a success only peaking at #66 on the Billboard 200 and #16 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. There was a promotional video for the single Shoot' m up Movies. Master P Snoop Dogg & Mystikal was not feature on it.
 There are a number of Paul Bunyan Statues on display in the United States the most famous of which is in Portland Oregon and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 The River House Mystery is a 1935 British film directed by Fraser Foulsham. The second film of Bernard Lee it also stars G. H. Mulcaster Ena Moon and A. B. Imeson.
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Lost Legends of Surf Guitar is a series of compilations of surf rock bands from the 1960s. The compilations were released by Sundazed Records.
 Zakrzewo Małe [zaˈkʂɛvɔ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Grudusk 18 km (11 mi) north of Ciechanów and 94 km (58 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Courthouse Center is a government office tower in Downtown Miami Florida United States. The Courthouse Center was built in 1986 and contains 100% office space. It has 30 floors and is 405 ft (123 m) tall. The building's architecture is distinctly similar to Southeast Financial Center. The building is located near Government Center on Northwest 1st Avenue. It is located in the western edge of Downtown.
 The Church of All Saints at Nunney Somerset England is a Grade I listed building dating from the 12th century.It was probably built on the site of an earlier Saxon or Norman church from which a Saxon cross and Norman font can still be seen. A 15th-century wagon or Barrel vault used to cover the nave however the timber rotted and it was demolished in 1957. A temporary roof was installed and hidden by a suspended ceiling.
 European Psychologist is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal within the field of psychology. The journal was established in 1996 as the official organ of the European Federation of Psychologists' Associations and is published by Hogrefe Publishing.
 Anote Tong (Chinese: 汤安诺; pinyin: Tāng Ānnuò; born 11 June 1952) is an I-Kiribati politician with Chinese heritage who is the President of Kiribati. He won the election in July 2003 with a slim plurality of votes cast (47.4%) against his brother Dr. Harry Tong (43.5%) and the private lawyer Banuera Berina (9.1%). The elections were contested by the opposition due to allegations of electoral fraud but the High Court of Tarawa had confirmed that there was no fraud.
 Pallandu Vazhga (Tamil: பல்லாண்டு வாழ்க; English: Live Long!) is a 1975 Indian Tamil film directed by K. Shankar starring M. G. Ramachandran and Latha in the lead roles. It is a remake of V. Shantaram's 1957 Hindi film Do Aankhen Barah Haath.
 Struck by Lightning is a 1990 Australian film directed by Jerzy Domaradzki. The film was nominated in 4 AFI Award categories including Best Director and Best Film. It won the film award at the Human Rights Medal and Awards in 1990.
 Back to Square One (German: Alles auf Anfang) is a 1994 German comedy film directed by Reinhard Münster. It was entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Armageddon Massive is the debut full length album from Californian ska band The Dingees. The album's sound moves between punk and ska and its lyrics focus on the frustrations of life.
 Czyżew-Siedliska [ˈt͡ʂɨʐɛf ɕɛˈdliska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Garo (ガロ) was a monthly manga anthology magazine in Japan founded in 1964 by Katsuichi Nagai. It specialized in alternative and avant-garde manga.
 Snake Charmer is a collaborative EP between musicians Jah Wobble The Edge and Holger Czukay released in 1983 through Island Records.
 Robert A. O'Leary is a former member of the Massachusetts Senate (D-Barnstable) who served from 2001 to 2011. He was a candidate in the 2010 Democratic primary for Massachusetts's 10th congressional district.
 General Khamtai Siphandon (Lao: ຄຳໄຕ ສີພັນດອນ; born 8 February 1924) is a Laotian politician who was President of Laos from 24 February 1998 until 8 June 2006 when he was officially replaced by Choummaly Sayasone.Khamtai also served as chairman or leader of the communist Lao People's Revolutionary Party the only legal party in the country from 24 November 1992 until 21 March 2006 when he was replaced by Choummaly.
 The Geographer Drank His Globe Away (Russian: Географ глобус пропил Geograf globus propil) is a Russian drama film made in 2013 directed by Alexander Veledinsky based on the novel of the same name by Alexei Ivanov. The action of the film as opposed to the novel has been transferred from the dashing nineties to the present day. The film participated in the XXIV Open Russian Film Festival Kinotavr in Sochi and was awarded the main prize. It will be released in the autumn of 2013.
 Anjunabeats Volume Six is the sixth album in the Anjunabeats Volume compilation series mixed and compiled by British trance group Above & Beyond released on 6 October 2008.The digital download version was released on 6 April 2009 and contains the individual songs listed.
 Folker is a German music magazine. It deals with folk traditional and world music. The newspaper is published two-monthly by the Christian-Ludwig-Verlag in Moers since 1998. Publisher is Mike Kamp editor in chief is Michael Kleff and the final editing is led by Stefan Backes. The office is based in Bonn.
 Chaudhry Naseer Ahmad Malhi (Urdu: چودھری نصیر احمد ملہی) (15 August 1913 – 12 July 1991) A historical figure in South Asian politics Chaudhry Naseer Ahmad Malhi played a pivotal role in the formation of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan and is recognised as one of the nation’s founding fathers.
 The Château Borély is a chateau in the southern part of Marseille France.
 Barley Hall is a reconstructed medieval townhouse in the city of York England. Originally built around 1360 by the monks of Nostell Priory it was later extended in the 15th century. The property went into a slow decline and by the 19th and 20th centuries heavily sub-divided and in an increasingly poor physical condition. It was bought by the York Archaeological Trust in 1987 renamed Barley Hall and heavily restored in a controversial project to form a museum.
 Jakup Krasniqi (born 1 January 1951) is an Albanian politician and former acting President of Kosovo. He is the Chairman of the Assembly of Kosovo.
 Norman Arthur Erbe (October 25 1919 – June 8 2000) was the 35th Governor of Iowa from 1961 to 1963.
 Dr. Ben Isitt (born ca. 1978) is a Canadian historian and legal scholar with expertise in the relationship between social movements and the state. He holds public office as a city councillor and regional director in Victoria British Columbia Canada.
 The Fishdam River is a 21.5-mile-long (34.6 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Big Bay de Noc on Lake Michigan.
 Arthur Defensor Sr. (born December 25 1941) is a Filipino politician that is currently serving as Governor of Iloilo after being elected in 201 and re-elected in 2013. He also served as Representative of the 3rd District of Iloilo from 2001 to 2010. He is a member of the Liberal Party. He is married to Cosette Defensor.
 The Tin Pan Alley Rag is a 2009 biographical musical play produced by The Roundabout Theatre Company.
 Holy Trinity Church Nottingham was a Church of England church in Nottingham from 1841 to 1958.
 Aguirre is the seventh album by German progressive/Krautrock band Popol Vuh. It contains music used in the soundtrack to Werner Herzog's film Aguirre the Wrath of God (1972) first released as an album in 1975 on Ohr and reissued in 2004 by SPV with one bonus track. This score was the first of many filmic collaborations between the group and Herzog.
 Liars All is an American psychological thriller film. It was directed and written by Brian Brightly and stars Matt Lanter Sara Paxton Gillian Zinser and Torrance Coombs.
 Göran Persson served as Prime Minister of Sweden between 22 March 1996 and 6 October 2006. Persson took over after Ingvar Carlsson who retired as party leader and Prime Minister.
 Powidz [ˈpɔvit͡s] is a village in Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Powidz. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Słupca and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań. The village has a population of 1000.Powidz gives its name to the protected area called Powidz Landscape Park.
 The Yautepec River is a river of Mexico.
 Sinocyclocheilus lateristriatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 Noida Tower is a skyscraper proposed for construction in the Indian city of Noida south-east of the capital city New Delhi. If built it would be the tallest building in India at 710 metres with 135 stories.Project got cancelled.
 Pomyków [pɔˈmɨkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Przysucha and 99 km (62 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 400.
 H. L. Bruce House is a historic home at 202 South Poplar Street Paris Henry County Tennessee.It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 Freedom (Spanish: La libertad) is a 2001 Argentine drama film directed by Lisandro Alonso. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Weli Oya Divisional Secretariat (Tamil: Manal Aru) is a Divisional Secretariat in Mullaithivu District in Northern province in Sri Lanka. A body of running water moving to a lower level in a channel on land is called Manal Aru in Tamil. Weli Oya has been affected by the Sri Lankan civil war and government colonization programs.
 The Church of Saint Andrew Liverpool is a ruined church in Rodney Street Liverpool Merseyside England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and before redevelopment was on its Heritage at Risk Register.
 Ahmed Hassan Diria (July 13 1937 - March 13 2005) was a Tanzanian politician and diplomat. He was born in Raha Leo Zanzibar and was educated in local primary and secondary schools. He started working in government service in 1954 taking a break from 1958 to 1961 to be educated at the College of Philosophy in Ghana. Following the Zanzibar Revolution of 1964 he was appointed the area commissioner for Pemba.
 The Rio Pomba is a river of Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro states in southeastern Brazil one of the principle tributaries of the Paraíba do Sul.It rises in the city of Barbacena in Minas Gerais and flows south through the Zona da Mata to empty into the Paraíba do Sul between the towns of Cambuci and Itaocara Rio de Janeiro. Its main tributaries are the rivers Piau Xopotó Pardo and Formoso.
 Joseph Bonaparte Gulf (14°06′S 128°50′E) is a large body of water off the coast of the Northern Territory Australia and Western Australia and part of the Timor Sea. It was named after Joseph Bonaparte brother of Napoleon and King of Naples (1806-1808) and then Spain (1808-1813) by French explorer and naturalist Nicholas Baudin in 1803. It is also often referred to in Australia as the Bonaparte Gulf.
 Smogornia (Czech Stříbrný hřbet German Mittagsberg 1469 m a.s.l.) - peak in the Karkonosze Mountains on Polish and Czech border. It is situated in the eastern part of the main range. The peak is not accessible; the main Sudetes trail and Polish - Czech Friendship Trail traverses the mountain ca 300 m north from the peak. On the northern slope of the mountain there is a glacial cirque. The mountain has mild slopes mostly deforested covered in mountain pine.
 Château de Pourtalès is a château situated in the département of Bas-Rhin Alsace France. It is dated to the 18th century.
 Seleucus is a lunar impact crater located in the western part of Oceanus Procellarum. To the west is the lava-flooded remains of the walled plain Eddington. To the southwest is the crater Krafft and to the northwest lies Briggs.The rim of Seleucus is well-formed with a terraced inner rim and a slight rampart. The floor is relatively flat with a small central peak.
 Prayers for the Assassin is a political thriller and a work of speculative fiction written by American crime writer Robert Ferrigno.
 The Bietschhorn (3934 m) is a mountain in canton Wallis to the south of the Bernese Alps in Switzerland. The northeast and southern slopes of the mountain are part of the Jungfrau-Aletsch Protected Area (formerly Jungfrau-Aletsch-Bietschhorn) listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site that also includes the Jungfrau and the Aletsch Glacier.
 Zatoichi: On the Road (座頭市喧嘩旅 or 'Zatōichi kenka-tabi') is a 1963 Japanese Chambara film directed by Kimiyoshi Yasuda starring Shintaro Katsu as the blind masseur Zatoichi originally released by the Daiei Motion Picture Company (now known as Kadokawa Pictures). Zatoichi: On the Road is the fifth episode in the 26 part film series devoted to the character of Zatoichi.
 Sri Datta Darshanam is a 1985 Telugu film directed by Kamalakara Kameswara Rao. The story is based on the life of Hindu deity Dattatreya.
 Martin Sigismund Eduard von Simson (November 10 1810 – May 2 1899) was a German jurist and distinguished liberal politician of the Kingdom of Prussia and German Empire who served as President of the Frankfurt Parliament as well as the first President of the German Parliament and of the Imperial Court. He was ennobled by Frederick III in 1888.
 The Gerbrandy Tower (Dutch: Gerbrandytoren) is a tower in IJsselstein the Netherlands. It was built in 1961.
 Angel Down is the third solo release by heavy metal musician Sebastian Bach. Released on November 20 2007 it is the first release to feature all original studio recorded material. It is also Bach's first release since his 2001 release Bach 2: Basics. It has garnered attention due to Guns N' Roses lead singer Axl Rose's guest appearance on 3 tracks and Bach's appearance on MTV's Celebrity Rap Superstar.
 Carandaisuchus is an extinct genus of caiman. Fossils have been found from the Ituzaingó Formation in Argentina. It was unique among crocodilians in having a pronounced bony occipital crest. The genus has been proposed to be synonymous with Mourasuchus a strange nettosuchid with an unusually long broad snout.
 St Mary Magdalene Church is an Anglican church on Holloway Road in north London. It is located in St Mary Magdalene Gardens opposite Islington Central Library and is the parish church of the Parish of St Mary Magdalene and St David. The early 19th century building accommodates the activities of the church congregation including church services the church's Refugee Centre and the offices of its social action initiative The Paradise Project and provides spaces to other users.
 The orangutans are the two exclusively Asian species of extant great apes. Native to Indonesia and Malaysia orangutans are currently found in only the rainforests of Borneo and Sumatra. Classified in the genus Pongo orangutans were considered to be one species. However since 1996 they have been divided into two species: the Bornean orangutan (P. pygmaeus) and the Sumatran orangutan (P. abelii). In addition the Bornean species is divided into three subspecies.
 The Circle is a comic book series written by Brian Reed with art by Ian Hosfeld.The story has been described as a 21st century 'A-Team'.
 Ron Suster is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives and a current judge in Cuyahoga County. Suster was born in Cleveland Ohio and attended St. Joseph High School. He received his bachelor's degree at Case Western Reserve University and a J.D. from the same institution.
 Avantgarde History is a CD-R compilation album created by Eberhard Kranemann of his work with artists such as Neu! and Joseph Beuys in the late 1960s and early 1970s. It was released privately and is only available on request.
 Pantylus is an extinct lepospondyl amphibian from the Permian period of North America.Pantylus was probably a largely terrestrial animal judging from its well-built legs. It was about 25 centimetres (10 in) long and resembled a lizard with a large skull and short limbs. It had numerous blunt teeth and probably chased after invertebrate prey.
 Kerdabad (Persian: كرداباد‎ also Romanized as Kerdābād; also known as Kerdābād-e Pūr Valī and Kīrdābād) is a village in Hajjilu Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2312 in 565 families.
 Palfuria gibbosa is a spider species of the Zodariidae family. The closest relatives of P. gibbosa are P. spirembolus and P. hirsuta.
 The green frog (Lithobates clamitans) is a species of frog native to the eastern half of the United States and Canada. The two subspecies are the bronze frog and the northern green frog.
 The Vezuriște River is a tributary of the Vârciorog River in Romania.
 Elks Lodge Building in Flint Michigan also known as Old Elks Building was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Dry Cottonwood Creek is a creek in Deer Lodge County Montana. Approximately 10 miles (16 km) long it flows northwest out of the southern reaches of the Boulder Mountains into the Clark Fork river near Deer Lodge Montana. Sapphires are found along this creek.
 The Lighthouse is a 2005 novel by P. D. James the thirteenth book in the classic Adam Dalgliesh mystery series.
 Once a Thief is a 1991 Hong Kong crime film written and directed by John Woo starring Chow Yun-fat Leslie Cheung Cherie Chung Kenneth Tsang and Chu Kong. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 2 February 1991.Although the action sequences are quite faithful to Woo's typical choreography comic relief and the general mood distinguish it from his grittier works such as his previous film Bullet in the Head (1990).
 Ratha’s Courage is a novel by Clare Bell. It was published in 2008 by Imaginator Press.This novel is the final one in the Ratha series also re-titled as The Books of the Named.
 US Post Office-Warsaw is a historic post office building located at Warsaw in Wyoming County New York. It was designed and built in 1934-1935 as a Works Progress Administration project and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon.
 Blue Mountain is a mountain in the Crystal Range a subrange of the Sierra Nevada. It is west of Lake Tahoe on the western boundary of the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County California.
 Sorry is the second album by Canadian punk rock band White Lung released in May 29 2012 on Deranged Records. New Jersey's Aquarian Weekly reported that the album earned them a hearty critical reception at SXSW.
 Cardamyla is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1859 and is known from Australia.
 Bahalkeh-ye Sheykh Musa (Persian: بهلكه شيخ موسي‎ also Romanized as Bahalkeh-ye Sheykh Mūsá) is a village in Sheykh Musa Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1834 in 356 families.
 Lieutenant General Tadesse Werede Tesfay is Head of Mission and Force Commander of the United Nations Interim Security Force for Abyei (UNISFA). He was appointed by the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to implement the mandate of the UN peacekeeping mission in the region of Abyei in Sudan an oil-producing region with disputable borders between the governments of Sudan and South Sudan.UNISFA was established by the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1990 of 27 June 2011.
 Histoire(s) du cinéma (pronounced: [is.twaʁ dy si.ne.ma]) is an 8-part video project begun by Jean-Luc Godard in the late 1980s and completed in 1998. The densest at 266 minutes the longest and one of the most difficult of Godard's films Histoire(s) du cinéma is an examination of the history of the concept of cinema and how it relates to the 20th century; in this sense it can also be considered a critique of the 20th century and how it perceives itself.
 Rhino Rift is a cave near Charterhouse in the Carboniferous Limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England. The cave is part of the Cheddar Complex SSSI.It is 253 m in length and reaches a depth of 147 m.The cave was discovered in 1971 after a successful dig by members of the Wessex Cave Club.
 Abdulrahman bin Abdullah Al Barrak (born 1956) is a Saudi academic. He has been the minister of civil service since 13 December 2011.
 Dissertation Honey is the debut studio album by San Diego band The Plot to Blow Up the Eiffel Tower released on the Happy Couples Never Last label on June 17 2003. Note that the intro and outro songs Exhibitionism and Monotonous are excerpts from poet Kailani Amerson in one of her spoken verse sessions.
 Acutia is a genus of moths of the Pyralidae family.
 Chodków Nowy [ˈxɔtkuf ˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Łoniów 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 The St. John River (French: Rivière Saint-Jean) is a river approximately 418 miles (673 km) long located principally in the Canadian province of New Brunswick but also in and arising from the province of Quebec and the U.S. state of Maine. It forms part of the Canada – United States border in two different places along its length. The river drains an area of approximately 55000 square kilometres (21000 sq mi) of which slightly more than half is located in New Brunswick.
 Antonio Salinas y Castañeda (1810–1874) was a wealthy Peruvian landowner and conservative politician.He was born in Sayán. He became Mayor of Lima between 1866 and 1868 was a congressman from 1845 to 1851 and President of the Constitutional Congress in 1855 1857 and 1867.
 Kutti Pisasu is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language fantasy film written and directed by Rama Narayanan in his 121st venture. The film stars Baby Keerthika Sangeetha Ramya Krishnan Ramji and Nassar in lead roles.
 HM Prison Reading formerly known as Reading Gaol was a prison located in Reading Berkshire England. The prison was operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service until closure at the end of 2013.
 The Castejón Mountains (Spanish: Montes de Castejón) are a mountain range in the Cinco Villas comarca Aragon Spain located about 30 km to the north of Zaragoza.They are named after the town of Castejón de Valdejasa in the midst of the range.The Castejón Mountains are covered with low and mostly sparse forest made up mainly Carrasca (Quercus ilex) and pine trees often subject to wildfires during droughts. The ridge's highest summit is Esteban (747 m).
 Hide and Seek (Hangul: 숨바꼭질; RR: Sumbakkokjil) is a 2013 South Korean mystery film written and directed by Huh Jung in his feature directorial debut. It revolves around two families who believe strangers to be living in hiding in their homes and struggle to fight back.
 Globidrillia paucistriata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Storegut is a mountain in Jotunheimen National Park in southern Norway. The border between the counties of Oppland and Sogn og Fjordane is close to the summit.
 La Shawn K. Ford is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 8th District since 2007. After earning a B.S. in Education from Loyola University Chicago he taught history and coached basketball in the Chicago Public School system. He is currently a real estate entrepreneur founder of Ford Desired Real Estate.
 Greenacres Shopping Centre is a shopping mall in Port Elizabeth South Africa. It was opened on 22 October 1981 and is Port Elizabeth's largest shopping mall. It attracts more than a million shoppers a month.
 The Lexicon of Love is the debut album by British pop band ABC released in 1982. It is not a concept album but features repeated themes in which the singer experiences heartache as he tries and fails to have a meaningful relationship.It was produced by Trevor Horn engineered by Gary Langan and featured orchestration by Anne Dudley and Fairlight CMI programming by JJ Jeczalik; Horn Langan Dudley and Jeczalik would later form the Art of Noise.
 Weekendavisen (The Weekend Newspaper) is a Danish weekly broadsheet newspaper published on Fridays. Its circulation (as of 2007) is approximately 60000 copies about ten per cent of which cover subscriptions outside Denmark. According to opinion polls however the actual number of readers is much higher (290000 in 2007). Perceived to be a continuation of the original Berlingske Tidende Weekendavisen regards itself as the world's oldest newspaper.
 Ben Loyal is an isolated mountain of 764 m in Sutherland the northwestern tip of the Scottish Highlands. It is a Corbett located south of the Kyle of Tongue and provides good views of the Kyle Loch Loyal to the east and Ben Hope to the west.Ben Loyal is composed chiefly of granite and has a distinctive shape due to the four rocky peaks the highest of which is called An Caisteal.
 Common names: cantil common cantil Mexican moccasin more.Agkistrodon bilineatus is a venomous pitviper species found in Mexico and Central America as far south as Costa Rica. Four subspecies are currently recognized including the nominate subspecies described here.
 Posht Tang-e Olya (Persian: پشت تنگ عليا‎ also Romanized as Posht Tang-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Helilan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 337 in 62 families.
 Radobolja is a river in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is five kilometers long and its spring is located below the Mikuljaca hill in Mostar's suburb of Ilici. Radobolja flows through Mostar and flows into the Neretva River near the Old Bridge. During the Ottoman rule water from Radobolja was used for irrigation and drinking however today's Radobolja is polluted due to discharge of waste-water.
 Kris Peeters (born 18 May 1962) is a Flemish politician and member of the Christian Democratic and Flemish party who is currently Minister-President of Flanders the northern region of Belgium.
 Zagórnik [zaˈɡurɲik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrychów within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Andrychów 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Wadowice and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 2119.
 Benkiya Bale (Kannada: ಬೆಂಕಿಯ ಬಲೆ) is a 1983 Kannada film directed by Dorai - Bhagwan duo. It is based on the novel of the same name by Ta. Ra. Su. The film starred Ananth Nag Lakshmi and K. S. Ashwath in lead roles.The film was a musical blockbuster with all the songs composed by Rajan-Nagendra considered evergreen hits.
 Setia turriculata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Don't Try This at Home is the fourth full-length album by urban folk artist Billy Bragg.Sexuality was released as a single which reached #27 on the UK charts and #2 on the U.S. Modern Rock charts. Johnny Marr of The Smiths co-wrote Sexuality and helped to produce two tracks.The song Cindy of a Thousand Lives is about photographer Cindy Sherman.Tank Park Salute is about his father Dennis Bragg who died of lung cancer when Bragg was 18.
 Suzaki Paradise: Akashingō (洲崎パラダイス　赤信号 Suzaki paradaisu Akashingō) aka Suzaki Paradise Red Light is a 1956 black and white Japanese film drama directed by Yuzo Kawashima.
 For Shaw House the English Elizabethan mansion see Shaw House BerkshireFor the Canadian conference centre see Shaw Conference CentreShaw House and Shaw Centre (Chinese: 邵氏楼; 邵氏大厦) is a complex of two neighbouring buildings built by the same developer Shaw Organisation. Located at the junction of Orchard Road and Scotts Road in Singapore it features the flagship Lido Cineplex for the Shaw Organisation a major shopping mall with Isetan as an anchor tenant and two office buildings.
 Ídolos rotos (Broken Idols) is a novel by the Venezuelan writer Manuel Díaz Rodríguez that was published in 1901. It is considered one of the most pessimistic novels written in Venezuela since life in Caracas is presented in its social political and cultural aspects with a defeatist attitude where all chance of salvation has been given up on.
 Antinephele marcida is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It was described by Holland in 1893 and is found from forests from Cameroon to Uganda and western Kenya.The length of the forewings is 23–26 mm. The upperside of the forewings has a pale brownish-green ground colour (fading to orange-brown).
 Kulna is a village in Keila Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.Kulna has a station on the Elektriraudtee western route.
 Panchylissus nigriventris is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Lane in 1965.
 Thiotimoline is a fictitious chemical compound conceived by science fiction author Isaac Asimov. It was first described in a spoof scientific paper titled The Endochronic Properties of Resublimated Thiotimoline in 1948. The major peculiarity of the chemical is its endochronicity: when it is mixed with water it starts dissolving before it contacts with water. Asimov went on to write three additional short stories each describing different properties or uses of thiotimoline.
 Cēsis Castle (German: Wenden) is a Livonian castle situated in Cēsis Latvia. Its ruins are some of the most impressive castle ruins in the Baltic states. Once the most important castle of the Livonian Order it was the official residence for the masters of the order.[citation needed] It was partly destroyed during the Great Northern War.
 Sphaerobothris is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Sphaerobothris aghababiani Volkovitsh & Kalashian 1998 Sphaerobothris dinauxi (Thery 1935) Sphaerobothris globicollis (Reitter 1895) Sphaerobothris platti (Cazier 1938) Sphaerobothris ulkei (LeConte 1860)↑
 Centre Congregational Church is a historic Congregational Church on Province Road in Gilmanton New Hampshire.It was built in 1826 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Łazy Małe [ˈwazɨ ˈmawɛ] (German: Klein Lahse) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Milicz and 36 kilometres (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Chi's Sweet Home (チーズスイートホーム chīzu suīto hōmu) is a manga series written and illustrated by Kanata Konami. It has been serialized in Kodansha's seinen manga magazine Weekly Morning since 2004. The manga has been licensed for North American distribution by Vertical Inc. To date it has been collected in nine volumes with the most recent being published in August 2012. An anime adaptation in two seasons began airing on March 31 2008 and concluded on September 25 2009.
 The Versace Murder is a 1998 film written and directed by Menahem Golan.
 The Valea lui Aron River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania. Its source is in the Făgăraş Mountains near Mount Comisu
 Lizawice [lizaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Oława and 22 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 300.
 The Wapsipinicon River (locally known as the Wapsi) is a tributary of the Mississippi River approximately 300 miles (480 km) long in northeastern Iowa in the United States. It drains a rural farming region of rolling hills and bluffs north of Waterloo and Cedar Rapids. The initial syllable rhymes with pop.It rises in Mower County Minnesota and enters Iowa in northern Mitchell County.
 Octopus Girl (戦慄!!タコ少女 Senritsu!! Tako Shōjo Shudder!! Octopus Girl) is a horror manga written and illustrated by Toru Yamazaki (山咲 トオル Yamazaki Tooru). It made its first appearance in the 1990s as a feature for Palace of Fear before its commercial release on the Leed Publishing Co. label.
 Taytaba (Arabic: طيطبا‎ also spelled Teitaba) was a Palestinian-Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict located 5 kilometers north of Safad. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine in May 1948 under Operation Hiram. In 1945 it had a population of 530 and a total area of 8453 dunams 99.8% of which was Arab-owned.It was situated in a rocky area located along the crest of a basaltic hill that overlooks Wadi Taytaba a tributary of Wadi Waqqas to the southeast.
 Rajput is a Hindi film released in 1982. This is a multi-starrer movie directed by Vijay Anand.
 Ajlal (Persian: اجلال‎ also Romanized as Ājlāl) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mirificarma ulicinella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Portugal Spain France and Italy.The wingspan is 5.5-6.5 mm for males and 5–6 mm for females. The head is ochreous cream. The forewings are mottled dark and light brown with paler yellow-ochre areas. Adults are on wing from August to September in one generation per year.The larvae feed on Ulex parviflorus. They feed from within the flowers. Larvae can be found from October to April.
 Robert A. Durand (born February 28 1953 in Marlborough Massachusetts) is an American politician who served as the Secretary of Environmental Affairs in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts from 1999 to 2003. Prior to becoming Secretary of Environmental Affairs Durand represented the Middlesex and Worcester District in the Massachusetts Senate (1991–1999) and the 4th Middlesex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from (1985–1991).
 Cunningham House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built about 1910 and is a two-story stuccoed residence with a hipped roof clad with wood shingles. It was originally built as a studio but converted to a residential property in 1919. At that time a two-story service wing was added. It features a two-story enclosed center court lighted by a skylight.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Transcaucasian water shrew (Neomys teres) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia and possibly Iran and Turkey.
 Balendar (Persian: بالندر‎ also Romanized as Bālendar and Bālandar; also known as Kalāteh-ye Bālandar and Qal‘eh Balandar) is a village in Sarjam Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 65 families.
 Death by Hanging (絞死刑 Kōshikei) is a 1968 Japanese film directed by Nagisa Oshima starring Do-yun Yu. It was acclaimed for its innovative Brechtian techniques and complex treatments of guilt and consciousness justice and the persecution of ethnic Koreans in Japan.
 Sula Chapel (Norwegian: Sula kapell) is a small church on the island of Sula in the municipality of Frøya in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The chapel was built in 1925 on the site of the old church that was on Sula from the 1400s until 1755 when it was moved to the island of Frøya (that church is now the Sletta church). The chapel is located just below the Sula Lighthouse.
 Watch You Bleed: The Saga of Guns N' Roses is a rock biography written by Stephen Davis published by Gotham Press and released August 26 2008. It chronicles the story of US hard rock band Guns N Roses from their earliest days up to the year of publication. The book was received with mixed-to-negative receptions from readers and is well known to contain substantial factual errors.[citation needed]
 Lopez Center Tower is a proposed supertall skyscraper for the Rockwell Center in Makati City Philippines. Its height is expected to be 320 meters which would make it the tallest building in the Philippines. It is somewhat similar to the design of Freedom Tower in New York City.The Lopez Center Tower is a project of the Lopez Group of Companies in the Philippines.
 Bagh Savya (Persian: باغ ساويا‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Sāvyā; also known as Bāgh Sāybā) is a village in Dalfard Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cleopatra G. Tucker (born April 9 1943) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2008 where she represents the 28th legislative district.Tucker serves in the Assembly on the Military and Veterans' Affairs Committee (as Vice-Chair) and on the Human Services Committee.Assemblywoman Tucker is the widow of Assemblyman Donald Kofi Tucker who held the seat until his death in November 2005.
 Alexander Moncrieff (14 August 1870 – 5 August 1949) was a Scottish lawyer and judge.
 Qaleh Jiq-e Kuchek (Persian: قلعه جيق كوچك‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Jīq-e Kūchek and Qal‘eh-ye Jīq Kūchek; also known as Qal‘eh Chīq Kūḩek and Qal‘eh Jīn-e Kūchek) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Sharqi Rural District Gomishan District Torkaman County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 15 families.
 Sir Charles Christopher Bowen KB. KCMG. (29 August 1830 – 12 December 1917) was a New Zealand politician.
 Sonia Pacheco Irigoyen is a Puerto Rican born in Ponce PR and resident of San Juan PR is a politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). She was elected to the Puerto Rico House of Representatives in 2012 to represent District 3.
 While I Run This Race is a 1967 American short documentary film directed by Edmond Levy about poverty in the United States. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 El Gran amor de Bécquer is a 1946 Argentine film.
 The Łańcut Synagogue is a Baroque synagogue in Łańcut Poland. The Łańcut Synagogue is a rare surviving example of the four-pillar vaulted synagogues that were built throughout the Polish lands in both wood and masonry from the sixteenth through the early nineteenth centuries. The synagogue was renovated in the mid-20th century and underwent renovations in the years 1983-1990.
 A Fuchsia Elephant is a 2009 American short comedy film screenplay and directed by Dianna Agron starring Dianna Agron and Dave Franco. The film was never released however it's unknown if Agron will release it any time.
 Beauty Within: Sinister Beauty Reimagined is a remix album by American dance music production duo Windimoto.
 Kierz Niedźwiedzi [ˈkʲɛʂ ɲɛd͡ʑˈvjɛd͡ʑi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Skarżysko Kościelne 7 km (4 mi) north of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 40 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 740.
 Michael John Martin Baron Martin of Springburn PC (born 3 July 1945) is a British politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Glasgow Springburn from 1979 to 2005 and then for Glasgow North East until 2009. He was a Labour Party MP until his election as the Speaker of the House of Commons in 2000 and was Speaker for nine years until his resignation in 2009.On his election to the post of Speaker in 2000 he was the first Roman Catholic to serve in the role since the Reformation.
 Randall B. Luthi (born 1955) is an attorney and rancher from Freedom in northwestern Lincoln County in western Wyoming who served as a Republican in the Wyoming House of Representatives from 1995—2007. He was the Speaker for his last two-year term 2005—2007. Prior to 2005 he had been the House Majority Leader. In Wyoming Speakers traditionally retire from the House upon the expiration of their tenure as presiding officer.
 Habibabad-e Mazdak (Persian: حبيب ابادمزدك‎ also Romanized as Ḩabībābād-e Mazdak; also known as Dārtāk) is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 776 in 165 families.
 Concoctio is a genus of ant in the subfamily Amblyoponinae containing a single species Concoctio concenta.
 Icon is a compilation album from the American southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. It was released on August 31 2010.
 Mokaberi (Persian: مكابري‎ also Romanized as Mokāberī and Makāberi; also known as Mukābari) is a village in Dashti-ye Esmail Khani Rural District Ab Pakhsh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 29 families.
 Theft: A Love Story is a novel by Australian writer Peter Carey. It won the 2006 Vance Palmer Prize the Victorian Premier's Literary Award prize for fiction.
 The Melrose Apartments were built in 1916 at 602 North 33rd Street in the Gifford Park neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska. The Melrose was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Przemyśl [ˈpʂɛmɨɕl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieraków within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Sieraków 15 km (9 mi) east of Międzychód and 61 km (38 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Saurita watsoni is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1911. It is found in Panama.
 Chennai General Post Office (GPO) is located on Rajaji Salai at Parry's Corner Chennai. It functions in a building built in 1884. It is located opposite to the Chennai Beach suburban railway station. Chennai GPO covers an area of about 23.33 km2 and serves a population of around 220000. It has no sub or branch offices.
 The Shriner's Daughter is a 1913 American silent short film starring Charlotte Burton Violet Neitz Helen Armstrong William Bertram Edith Borella Ed Coxen Reaves Eason George Field Winifred Greenwood Ida Lewis Nina Richdale and William Tedmarsh.
 Lubstów [ˈlupstuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Sompolno 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Konin and 107 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 643.
 Creationism's Trojan Horse: The Wedge of Intelligent Design is a 2004 book by Barbara Forrest and Paul R. Gross on the origins of intelligent design specifically the Discovery Institute's Center for the Renewal of Science and Culture and its wedge strategy.
 The White-chinned Thistletail (Asthenes fuliginosa) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Anthrenocerus Variabilis is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family.
 Thaumatichthys is a genus of deep-sea anglerfish in the family Thaumatichthyidae with three known species. Its scientific name means wonder-fish in Greek; oceanographer Anton Bruun described these fishes as altogether one of the oddest creatures in the teeming variety of the fish world. In contrast to other anglerfishes the bioluminescent lure (called the esca) of Thaumatichthys is located inside its cavernous mouth.
 Vedantasara which means Essence of Vedanta is one of the best known epitomes of the philosophy of the Upanishads as taught by Adi Shankara. Its author Sadananda Yogendra Saraswati was the son of Anantadeva Apadeva and probably lived in mid-15th Century A.D. His work Vedantasara enjoys great popularity as an introductory text to Advaita Vedanta. He also wrote Vedantasiddhanta-sarasangraha Bhavaprakasa on Bhagavad Gita and Brahmasutra-tatpryaprakasa.
 Raškoviće is a village in the municipality of Sjenica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 164 people.
 Bulung is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2128 people living in 455 individual households.
 Blackwood Farm (2002) is one of the more recent books in The Vampire Chronicles and The Mayfair Witches series written by Anne Rice.
 Long Island Pond also known as Little Island Pond is a 30-acre (120000 m2) pond in Plymouth Massachusetts. The pond is located in the eastern portion of The Pinehills development north of Great Island Pond and south of Beaver Dam Pond.
 Ovsište (Serbian: Овсиште) is a village in the municipality of Topola Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 630 people.
 Sarto Fournier (15 February 1908 – 23 July 1980) was a Canadian politician. He served as mayor of Montreal from 1957 to 1960.
 Crocidolomia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Göktürk is a small village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province Turkey. The village is situated in the Toros Mountains at 36°20′N 33°13′E. The distance to Gülnar is 22 kilometres (14 mi) and to Mersin is 172 kilometres (107 mi). The population of the village was 72 as of 2011.
 Envy: A Luxe Novel is a young adult novel by author Anna Godbersen. It is the third book in The Luxe Series.
 Live from Madison Square Garden is a 2 CD/2 DVD live album by Eric Clapton and Steve Winwood which was released on 19 May 2009 by Duck / Reprise Records. The album is made up of recordings from Clapton and Winwood's performances at Madison Square Garden in February 2008.The duo performed songs from their time in the band Blind Faith as well as selections from Traffic Derek and the Dominos Clapton's & Winwood's solo careers and some rock & blues covers.
 Earl Anthony Wayne (born in 1950) is a United States international policy maker and diplomat. Formerly ambassador to Argentina and deputy ambassador to Afghanistan Wayne has been ambassador to Mexico since being appointed by President Obama in 2011.
 Calliostoma regale is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Maurea).
 The James and Sophia Clemens Farmstead is a historic farm in far western Darke County Ohio United States. Located at 467 Stingley Road little more than 1 mile (1.6 km) from the Indiana border it is among the oldest extant buildings that remain from a small community of free blacks founded before the Civil War.Natives of Rockingham County Virginia James and Sophia Clemens settled in Darke County in 1818 and soon became prosperous farmers.
 Mordellina marginalis is a species of beetle in the Mordellina genus. It was described in 1967.
 Bush Lake is located in the southwest corner of the Minneapolis suburb of Bloomington Minnesota near its border with Eden Prairie in Hennepin County. It has an area of 172.2 acres (69.7 ha) and a maximum depth of 28.0 feet (8.5 m). The lake contains many fish but primarily Bluegill Northern Pike Pumpkinseed Sunfish Yellow Bullhead and Yellow Perch.The city of Bloomington operates a beach on the east side of Bush Lake just across from Hyland Lake Park Reserve.
 Cancer Immunology Immunotherapy (formerly Cancer Immunology Immunotherapy) is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.637 ranking it 44th out of 137 journals in the category Immunology.
 Anacondas: Trail of Blood (also known as Anaconda 4 Anaconda 4: Trail of Blood and Anacondas 4: Trail of Blood) is a 2009 made-for-television horror film and sequel to Anaconda 3: Offspring. Written by David C. Olson and directed by Don E. FauntLeRoy it is the fourth and currently final film in the Anaconda series and picks up where the third film ended. It premiered on the Sci Fi Channel on February 28 2009 and was released to DVD June 2 2009.
 The James River (also known as the Jim River or the Dakota River) is a tributary of the Missouri River approximately 710 mi (1143 km) long draining an area of 20653 square miles (53490 km2) in the U.S. states of North Dakota and South Dakota. The river provides the main drainage of the flat lowland area of the Dakotas between the two plateau regions known as the Coteau du Missouri and the Coteau des Prairies.
 Business Spectator is an Australian business news website led by Alan Kohler as Chairman and Editor in Chief. It is published by Australian Independent Business Media which is owned by News Corp Australia.
 Twice 22 is a collection of short stories by Ray Bradbury. The book published in 1966 is an omnibus edition of The Golden Apples of the Sun and A Medicine for Melancholy. It is titled Twice 22 on the book's dustjacket and spine but titled Twice Twenty-two on the book's title page.
 Graft is a 1915 American film serial featuring Harry Carey. This serial is considered to be lost.
 Anthomyia quinquemaculata is a species of anthomyiid flies belonging to the family Anthomyiidae.This species is mainly present in Czech Republic France Italy Greece Spain Portugal in the Near East and in North Africa. It has five distinct black spots on the thorax. The black spot at the base of the wing is in continuity with the dorsal-lateral one. Scutellum is gray only at the apex. Tibial setae are short seta in the middle of the tibia 2 is as long as the diameter of the tibia itself.
 The Graceful Small-headed Sea Snake or Slender Sea Snake Microcephalophis gracilis is a species of sea snake.
 The Belcher's (Chinese: 寶翠園) is a high-rise residential development situated in the Western Shek Tong Tsui area of Hong Kong Island. It consists of six residential buildings which were constructed in two phases; three buildings were constructed in each phase. Construction for the first phase was completed in 2000 and in 2001 for the second phase. The building was named after Sir Edward Belcher a British naval officer and explorer after whom a street and a bay in the area are also named.
 Polhill Anglo-Saxon cemetery is a place of burial that was used in the seventh and eighth centuries CE. It is located close to the hamlet of Polhill near Sevenoaks in Kent South-East England. Belonging to the Middle Anglo-Saxon period it was part of the much wider tradition of burial in Early Anglo-Saxon England.Polhill was an inhumation-only cemetery with no evidence of cremation. An estimated 180 to 200 graves were placed there containing between 200 and 220 individuals.
 The Vision is a British television movie which had its first showing on 9 January 1988 on BBC1. The film was written by William Nicholson and directed by Norman Stone. It starred Dirk Bogarde and Helena Bonham Carter. It was episode 1 of the fourth series of Screen Two.Filming locations included The Exchange Mount Stuart Square Cardiff South Glamorgan Wales United Kingdom. The film was the main feature on the front cover of the Radio Times when it was first shown.
 Moragolleyaya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The Mist in the Mirror: A Ghost Story is a novel by Susan Hill. The novel is about a traveller called Sir James Monmouth and his pursuit of an explorer called Conrad Vane.
 Handur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 The Sânnicolau River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 21st Fortune is the fourth (third of entirely new music) solo album released by Daisuke Asakura on September 19 2002.
 New Year's Evil is a 1980 American slasher film starring Roz Kelly and Kip Niven directed by Emmett Alston. The original music score is composed by W. Michael Lewis and Laurin Rinder. The film's tagline is This New Year's you're invited to a killer party... Although a flop the film gained a cult following.
 Take Out is a 2007 short film (thriller) written by Screenwriter and Producer Bill Hall with Jonathan Budine as the Director Producer and Editor. The short introduces Mary Ann Emerson appearing in her first lead role and includes veteran New York City actor Alexis Suarez. Scream Queen Debbie Rochon also appears in a cameo role. Take Out features the cinematography of Bud Hayman and Production Design of Jim Welsh who also co-produced as well as original music composed by Ray Nissen.
 Turó de l'Home is a mountain of Catalonia Spain part of the Montseny massif. It has an elevation of 1712 metres above sea level.The top of the mountain is a triangulation station. It was the site of the 1959 Transair Douglas Dakota accident.
 Moselem Farms Mill is a historic grist mill located in Richmond Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The mill was built about 1860 and is a 2 1/2-story with basement banked brick building on a stone foundation. It measures 45 feet 4 inches by 50 feet. The merchant mill was built as part of an iron furnace complex.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Investigation of a Citizen Above Suspicion (Italian: Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto) is a 1970 Italian film crime drama directed by Elio Petri. It is a dramatic psychological black-humoured satire on corruption in high office telling the story of a top police officer played by Gian Maria Volonté who kills his mistress played by Florinda Bolkan and then tests whether the police would charge him for this crime.
 Live at the Magic Bag is a live recording by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers. Released in 2004 it was recorded live at The Magic Bag in Ferndale Michigan.
 Gymnocranius audleyi the Collared large-eye bream is a species of emperor native to the Pacific Ocean off the coast of southern Queensland Australia and also found in the southern part of the Great Barrier Reef. It inhabits environments adjacent to reefs at depths of from 8 to 40 metres (26 to 131 ft). It is a carnivorous species feeding on benthic invertebrates. This species can reach a length of 40 centimetres (16 in) TL though most do not exceed 35 centimetres (14 in) TL.
 Turbonilla pini is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Erskine Boyce Bowles (/ˈɜrskən ˈboʊlz/; born August 8 1945) is a US businessman and political figure from North Carolina. He served from 2005 to 2010 as the president of the University of North Carolina system. In 1997–98 he served as White House Chief of Staff and he also ran unsuccessfully for a North Carolina United States Senate seat in 2002 and 2004.
 Superman: War of the Supermen is an American comic book limited series from DC Comics that serves as the culmination to the Superman line-wide event New Krypton. The series began on Free Comic Book Day 2010 with a zero-issue released free of charge before the main limited series began the following week.The whole event is portrayed as a 100 Minute War in the narrative's time although the whole event lasted one month in May 2010.
 Bidasari is the final-installment of a trilogy of Filipino language stage plays produced and written for Magwayen the premier theater group of the University of the City of Manila. It was based on the original epic of the same name or title. The epic love story originally graced the stage in 1999 and once again brought back in theaters in 2009.
 Sargalm (Persian: سرگلم‎) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 12 families.
 The Ritz London is a 5-star hotel located in Piccadilly in London England.
 Abarat (2002) is a fantasy novel written and illustrated by Clive Barker the first in Barker's The Books of Abarat series. It is aimed primarily at young adults. The eponymous Abarat is a fictional archipelago which is the setting for the majority of the story.The title image contains an ambigram. The paintings in the book are done with oils. Barker had already completed 300 paintings before he started working on the first book.
 Giah Dowran (Persian: گياه دوران‎ also Romanized as Gīāh Darvān Gīāh Dowrān and Gīyāh Dowrān) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 26 families.
 The Elves of Alfheim is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Dugesia aenigma is a species of dugesiid triclad that inhabits freshwater bodies of Cephalonia Greece.Preserved specimens are up to 8 mm in length and 2 mm in width.
 Kiss the Future is a compilation album by vocalist Mark Stewart released on May 30 2005 through Soul Jazz Records.
 Haplochromis nigripinnis is a species of cichlid found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda where it occurs in Lake George Lake Edward and the Kazinga Channel. This species can reach a length of 6.8 centimetres (2.7 in) SL.
 Corophium is a genus of the amphipod family Corophiidae. Formerly a much larger genus many species have been transferred to segregate genera such as Monocorophium and Crassicorophium.
 The Eglwys Nunydd is a 260 acre supply reservoir in Margam Wales originally constructed to provide water for the large steelworks at Margam and specifically for cooling water for the cold rolling mills at the eastern end of the works. Much of the water for the hot end of the plant is abstracted from the Rivers Afan and the Ffrwdwyllyt as they flow through the dock feeder.The lake supports a trout and coarse fishing. It is used for dinghy sailing.
 Ghosts of Chosun (informal title: A Ghost Story of Joseon Dynasty) (Hangul: 이조괴담; RR: Ijogoedam) is a 1970 South Korean film directed by Shin Sang-ok.
 Asphalt Ballet is the debut album by American rock band Asphalt Ballet. The album was released in 1991 by Virgin Records. The song Soul Survive had minor attention on the radio and MTV but the album was largely ignored.
 The Fifty Year Sword is a novella written by Mark Z. Danielewski. Only 1000 first edition English books were released. 51 of those copies are signed in marker with a Z (varying in color and number to coincide with the 5 colored quotation marks that signify different speakers in the text) while the first copy is signed Mark Danielewski in ink. A second English edition of 1000 was released in October 2006.
 Amaua is a village in the southeast of Tutuila Island American Samoa. It is located on the north shore of Faga'itua Bay between Alega and Faga'itua.
 Poecilosoma mapirense is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1915.
 The Cairo Trilogy (Arabic: الثلاثية‎ (The trilogy) or ثلاثية القاهرة (The Cairo Trilogy)) is a trilogy of novels written by the Egyptian novelist and Nobel Prize winner Naguib Mahfouz. The three novels are in order: Palace Walk (original Arabic title: بين القصرين Bein el-Qasrein 1956) Palace of Desire ( قصر الشوق Qasr el-Shoaq 1957) Sugar Street ( السكرية El-Sukkareyya 1957)
 Miami Guns (マイアミ☆ガンズ Maiami Ganzu) is a manga and anime series. The anime takes place in Miami City which is similar to Miami Florida except for several locale changes. It's mainly about the life of two female Miami City police officers having to stop crimes before they get worse. The setting thus has some similarities to that of the popular TV show Miami Vice.
 Wilson's Bridge is a bridge near Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. It originally carried the Hagerstown and Conococheague Turnpike the National Road across Conococheague Creek 7 miles (11 km) west of Hagerstown. The five-arched structure the longest of the county's stone bridges is 210 feet (64 m) in length and is constructed of coursed local limestone. The bridge was erected in 1819 by Silas Harry who had built similar bridges in Pennsylvania.
 Mirificarma cabezella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Portugal Spain and Morocco.The wingspan is 6.5-7.5 mm for males and 6.5-7 mm for females. The head is mid brown occasionally ochreous brown. The forewings are mottled brown but darker in the apical half. Adults are on wing from August to October.The larvae feed on Adenocarpus hispanicus. They feed from within the shoots. Larvae can be found in June.
 Raggatronic is the debut album of dance music group Enur. According to their MySpace the album features reggae vocalists Natasja and Natalie Storm Majid Beenie Man Chopper City Boyz Nicki Minaj Michael Rune and Strange Boy.The album is a result of the release of the single first single Calabria 2008. Johannes Torpe got permission to remix Rune RK's 2003 instrumental hit song Calabria.
 Anderson Downtown Historic District in Anderson South Carolina originally built in the late 19th century is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.The NRHP listing area was increased to include a hotel building at 402 N. Main Street in 1987. The increase included work by architect James J. Baldwin.
 The Naples National Archaeological Museum (Museo Archeologico Nazionale di Napoli MANN) is a museum in Naples southern Italy at the northwest corner of the original Greek wall of the city of Neapolis. The museum contains a large collection of Roman artifacts from Pompeii Stabiae and Herculaneum. The collection includes works of the highest quality produced in Greek Roman and Renaissance times. It is the most important Italian archaeological museum.
 Grant Allen Woodhams (born 7 August 1952) in Sydney New South Wales is an Australian former politician. He was a National Party member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from February 2005 to March 2013.Arriving in Western Australia in 1967 Woodhams was schooled in Perth and Albany he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from Murdoch University before starting work with ABC radio.
 Tahrui (Persian: طاهرويي‎ also Romanized as Ţāhrū’ī and Ţāherū’ī; also known as Ţāherānī Ţāherū Tarū and Turu) is a village in Sirik Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 442 in 65 families.
 Keechaka Vadham (English: The Slaying of Keechaka) alternatively spelt as Keechaka Vatham was a 1918 Tamil silent film produced and directed by R. Nataraja Mudaliar. The film was based on a short story from Mahabharata an Indian epic. It was the first silent film made in South India. The film was shot in five weeks in 1917 and released the following year. Despite being a silent film the cast was filled with Tamil people hence it was considered the first Tamil film.
 Rohrgraben (Werra) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Pramod Vyankatesh Mahajan (30 October 1949 – 3 May 2006) was an Indian politician. He was one of the second generation leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and at the time of his death was locked in a power struggle over who would take over the reins of the BJP when the current aging leadership retires.
 Kamičak (Serbian: Камичак) is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 El Jorullo is a cinder cone volcano in Michoacán central Mexico on the southwest slope of the central plateau 33 miles (53 kilometers) southeast of Uruapan in an area known as the Michoacán-Guanajuato volcanic field. Coordinates are 18°58′26.43″N 101°43′2.97″W (18.974008 −101.717492) about 6 miles (10 kilometers) east-northeast of La Huacana. Its current elevation is 1320 metres (4331 ft). El Jorullo has four smaller cinder cones which have grown from its flanks.
 Anomaly is the second full-length album released by The Hiatus on June 30 2010. It peaked at No. 5 on the Oricon album chart. Tez Humphreys drew the illustration for the record jacket.
 Ronaldo Mota Sardenberg (born on (1940-10-08)October 8 1940 in Itu Brazil) is a Brazilian diplomat and politician.
 Marantu (Persian: مارانتو‎ also Romanized as Mārāntū) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 11 families.
 St Mary's Church is an Anglican church in the Goring-by-Sea area of the Borough of Worthing one of seven local government districts in the English county of West Sussex. The late Norman parish church of the ancient village of Goring retains some architectural elements from that period but Decimus Burton's comprehensive restoration of 1837 has given the church its present Gothic Revival exterior appearance.
 The Tatuí River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Anthony Peak is a mountain located in the Northern Coast Ranges of California north of Mendocino Pass. The summit is the highest point in Mendocino County and receives snowfall in the winter.The rare endemic wildflower known as Anthony Peak lupine (Lupinus antoninus) was named for this peak.The peak was probably named for James Anthony who owned a farm in the Round Valley district in 1874.
 Philippe Adam (December 7 1886 – October 5 1963) was a Canadian provincial politician. He was the Union Nationale member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Bagot from 1938 to 1939. He was also mayor of Vale Quebec from 1934 to 1940.
 Jeion A. Ward (born January 6 1954 in Newport News Virginia) is an American politician of the Democratic Party. Since 2004 she has been a member of the Virginia House of Delegates. She currently represents the 92nd district in the city of Hampton.
 Orthomegas frischeiseni is a species of beetle in the Orthomegas genus that is in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Lackerbeck in 1998. It is found in Peru Bolivia and Brazil.
 The Cârligu River is a tributary of the Zlata River in Romania.
 Hashcheh-ye Olya (Persian: هشچه عليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩashcheh-ye ‘Olyā and Hashcheh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Haitcha Ḩashcheh Ḩashcheh-ye Bālā Hashcheh-ye Dovvom Hashjeh-ye ‘Olyā and Soveyreh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 39 families.
 The Professor the Banker and the Suicide King: Inside the Richest Poker Game of All Time (ISBN 0-446-57769-3) is a 2005 book by Michael Craig detailing billionaire Andrew Beal's series of high stakes poker games with Las Vegas' top professional poker players. The book title refers to some of the professional players involved in this series.
 America Is in the Heart sometimes subtitled A Personal History is a 1946 semi-autobiographical novel written by Filipino American immigrant poet fiction writer short story teller and activist Carlos Bulosan.
 Schweinskopf is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Col. Edward Cook House is a historic home located at Washington Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1772 and 1776 and is a two-story four bay rectangular stone dwelling with a one-story kitchen wing. The main block measures 36 feet by 28 feet and the kitchen wing 24 feet by 20 feet. It has a medium-pitched gable roof and plain cornice with return.
 Kürtener Sülz is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Possessed is a 2006 Malaysian horror film starring Amber Chia and Harisu and is the second feature film by director Bjarne Wong.
 Rafael Rey in Peru Rafael Rey Rey (born February 26 1954) is a Peruvian politician. He is the president of the Christian democratic and conservative National Renewal and was running mate of Keiko Fujimori of Force 2011 in the Peruvian general election 2011.
 Langar-e Jadid (Persian: لنگرجديد‎ also Romanized as Langar-e Jadīd; also known as Langar and Longor) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 818 in 177 families.
 The Act of Roger Murgatroyd: An Entertainment is a whodunit by Gilbert Adair first published in 2006.
 Jaliseh (Persian: جليسه‎ also Romanized as Jalīseh; also known as Jalīseh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 659 in 171 families.
 The Barnes and Thornburg Building is a high rise in Indianapolis Indiana originally known as the Merchants National Bank Building. In 1905 that bank engaged the architectural firm of D. H. Burnham & Company of Chicago to design a new bank headquarters on the southeastern corner of the Washington and Meridian streets the most important intersection in Indianapolis.
 Dinsha Jhaverbhai Patel (born May 25 1937) is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Kheda constituency of Gujarat and is a member of the Indian National Congress. He is currently the Union Cabinet Minister Mines . He was the Minister of State in the Ministry of Mines (Independent Charge) from 19 Jan 2011 to 27 Sep 2012 .
 The Alexander's bush squirrel (Paraxerus alexandri) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Lissomma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Piano no Mori: The Perfect World of Kai (ピアノの森 – The perfect world of KAI lit. Piano's Forest) is an ongoing manga by Makoto Isshiki about Shuhei Amamiya who transfers to Moriwaki Elementary filled with hope and ambition about his new life.
 TD Canada Trust Tower is an office tower in Calgary Alberta. Located at 421 7th Avenue SW it stands at 162 m (531 ft) or 41 stories tall and sits above a four-level retail podium (The Core Shopping Centre). It was designed by WZMH Architects in the postmodern style and was built by PCL Construction in 1991. It has a total area of 65000 m2 (700000 sq ft) and is serviced by 15 elevators.
 Fat Pizza is an Australian film based upon the stories and characters of the Pizza television series created by Paul Fenech. It was released by Village Roadshow Pictures and made $7888102 at the Australian box office (as of May 2003).All the characters that appeared in the television series appeared in the movie however it was the last appearance of Sleek the Elite in the franchise.
 Dhool Khurd is one of the village of Gujrat Tehsil and Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is situated on the northeast of the Gujrat city on the road which goes from Gujrat to Dinga city. This village is almost 1 km away from Lahore-Islamabad G.T road right on the edge of Bhimber creek. The village got its name from the “Dhool” clan of Jatt’s.
 War Game is a children's novel about World War I written and illustrated by Michael Foreman and published by Pavilion in 1993. It features four young English soldiers and includes football with German soldiers during the Christmas truce temporary relief from the brutal and seemingly endless struggle in the trenches.War Game won the 1993 Nestlé Children's Book Prize in ages category 6–8 years and overall.
 The WallStreet Tower Omaha was a planned 32-story 373 ft condomium project that would have become Omaha Nebraska's third tallest building upon completion. The building was to be built on the site of the former Union Pacific headquarters located at 14th and Dodge Street. Prices for a unit were to range from $195000-$620000. The project was expected to be completed by Fall 2009 and called for the erection of a 32 floor building with 192 condos.
 Ataxia is the sixth studio album released by alternative / psychedelic-rock band Circus Devils on October 31 2008. All songs on Ataxia were written and performed by Robert Pollard Todd Tobias and Tim Tobias.
 Mylo Xyloto /ˈmaɪloʊ ˈzaɪlətoʊ/ is the fifth studio album by British alternative rock band Coldplay. It was first released on 19 October 2011 by EMI and later worldwide on 24 October. The band collaborated closely with acclaimed producer Brian Eno following their successful collaborations on Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends the band's fourth studio album.Mylo Xyloto is a concept album and a thematic rock opera.
 The Road is the debut full-length studio album by Staind frontman Aaron Lewis. His second country music effort it was released by Blaster Records on November 13 2012.
 Schloßgrundgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Gate of Ivrel is a 1976 science fiction novel written by C. J. Cherryh and was her first published work. It is the first of four books composing the Morgaine Stories chronicling the deeds of Morgaine a woman consumed by a mission of the utmost importance and her chance-met companion Nhi Vanye i Chya. It is tenuously set in her Union-Alliance universe but has little in common with other works in that milieu.
 The McKinley National Memorial in Canton Ohio United States is the final resting place of William McKinley who served as the 25th President of the United States from 1897 to his assassination in 1901. Canton was a significant place in McKinley's life; he lived there practiced as an attorney and conducted his political campaigns from the town.
 Asian Charlie's Angels is a Taiwanese version of the successful 1970s American television show filmed in Mandarin. Produced in 2001 and airing on ImaginAsian in the United States the show stars Annie Wu as Annabelle Kelly Lin as Cindy and Qu Ying as Betty. Christy Chung also appears in the film as Angie.
 The Glory Hole is the fourth and final studio album from Scottish band Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie.
 Rev. Dr. John Henry Barrows (1847–1902) was an American clergyman of First Presbyterian Church and Chairman of the 1883 General Committee on the Congress of Religions (later to be known as the World's Parliament of Religions).
 Wola Żarczycka [ˈvɔla ʐarˈt͡ʂɨt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sarzyna within Leżajsk County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Nowa Sarzyna 14 km (9 mi) west of Leżajsk and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 3793.
 Juanes: MTV Unplugged is the third live album of Colombian singer Juanes. It was recorded before a live audience at the New World Symphony Center in Miami Beach Florida on February 1 2012 and was released by Universal Music Latino on May 29 2012. The album includes featured performances by the Spanish composer Joaquín Sabina and the Brazilian singer Paula Fernandes. The album features rearranged takes on Juanes' hit songs like Me Enamora La Camisa Negra and A Dios le Pido.
 The recovery pearly mussel or winged spike scientific name Elliptio nigella was a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species was endemic to the United States. It is now extinct.
 The Stör is a river in Schleswig-Holstein Germany right tributary of the Elbe. Its total length is 87 km. The Stör rises east of Neumünster and flows west through Neumünster Kellinghusen and Itzehoe. The Stör joins the Elbe near Glückstadt.
 The Acres also known as Galesburg Country Homes is a naturalistic residentialsubdivision designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in Charleston Township Michigan. Established as a co-op in 1949 by a group of scientists from the Upjohn pharmaceutical company the district contains four Wright designed Usonian homes and the Güntherand Anne Fonken House designed by Taliesin School fellow Francis Will Willsey.
 German Church and Cemetery is a historic German Lutheran church and cemetery in Waldoboro Maine. Waldoboro was settled by four shiploads of German immigrants between 1740 and 1753 and other settlers who came from earlier settlements on the Atlantic coast.
 Tajareh (Persian: تجره‎) is a village in Neyasar Rural District Neyasar District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 13 families.
 The Pousada da Ria (also known as the Pousada of Murtosa) is situated in the civil parish of Torreira in the municipality of Murtosa district of Aveiro. It is part of the Pousadas de Portugal network of hostels classified under the Pousada of Nature designation.
 Gazab (Persian: گزاب‎ also Romanized as Gazāb) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District Zarabad District Konarak County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 17 families.
 The Interpretation of Cultures: Selected Essays is a book written by American anthropologist Clifford Geertz. The book was listed in the Times Literary Supplement as one of 100 the most important publications since World War Two.
 Miya's Sushi is a sushi restaurant located in the Chapel West neighborhood of downtown New Haven Connecticut in the United States.The restaurant was opened in 1982 by Yoshiko Lai a Japanese nutritionist and surgeon's wife. She currently operates the restaurant with her son Bun Lai who is the creator of the current cuisine. The restaurant's original location was at 1217 Chapel Street and in 1990 was relocated to its current location around the corner on Howe Street.
 </font>Joseph Galloway (1731 – 10 August 1803) was an American politician. Galloway became a Loyalist during the American War of Independence after serving as delegate to the First Continental Congress from Pennsylvania. For much of his career in Pennsylvanian politics he was a close ally of Benjamin Franklin and he became a leading figure in the colony.
 Río Grande de Matagalpa (Awaltara in Miskito) is a river of Nicaragua. Running 430 kilometers (270 mi) from its source near Matagalpa to the Caribbean Sea in the northern part of the Southern Atlantic Autonomous Region it is the second longest river in Nicaragua. It gives it name to the city and department of La Cruz del Río Grande. The Tumarín Dam is being constructed on its lower reaches.
 Uncovered by Heartbeat is the first album by UK based band Cherubs.
 The Intelligencer and Wheeling News Register are combined daily newspapers under common ownership in Wheeling West Virginia owned by Ogden Newspapers. The Intelligencer is published weekday mornings and Saturdays while the News-Register is published weekday afternoons and Sundays.
 Stewart Lee Udall (January 31 1920 – March 20 2010) was an American politician and later a federal government official. After serving three terms as a congressman from Arizona he served as Secretary of the Interior from 1961 to 1969 under presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson.
 Radio JXL: A Broadcast from the Computer Hell Cabin is the third studio album by Dutch electronic music producer Junkie XL. Released in 2003 the double album features collaborations with a number of other artists. The songs on the first disc (3PM) are generally short and vocally-driven much like modern pop though many of them have the strong beat and fast tempo characteristic of dance music. The second disc (3AM) consists mostly of progressive house songs.
 Łochowice [wɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białe Błota within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Białe Błota and 14 km (9 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.
 Miedniewice [mjɛdɲɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wiskitki 10 km (6 mi) west of Żyrardów and 50 km (31 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 480.
 Ogieniowo [ɔɡʲɛˈɲɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Brodnica 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Śrem and 29 km (18 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Orlovtsi is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 The Drifter is a 1917 Western film released by Universal Pictures starring Harry Carey.
 Frank LaGrotta (November 25 1958) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 10th District from 1987 to 2006.
 Peacetime is the eighth studio album by Eddi Reader released in the UK on 29 January 2007.The album was promoted the following month by a full UK tour with her own band including John McCusker Boo Hewerdine Kevin McGuire Alan Kelly and Roy Dodds.Eddi says the album started with a desire to work with some of the UK's amazing traditional folk musicians and some contemporary players who she considers the best in their field.
 Sant Gregori (la Cellera de Ter) is a mountain of the Guilleries Massif Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1090.8 metres above sea level.
 The Pamet River is a 4.2-mile-long (6.8 km) river in Truro Massachusetts on Cape Cod. It is named for the Paomet tribe.The river is primarily salt marsh flows west nearly all the way across Cape Cod from its eastern beaches and empties into Cape Cod Bay. It lies a few miles south of the Little Pamet River.The upper Pamet River is made up of a freshwater marsh. The marsh occupies the broad floor of the upper Pamet River valley.
 The Sin Ship is a 1931 Pre-code sound film produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures and directed by Louis Wolheim in his only directorial effort.The film marks the last time Wolheim was involved in the motion picture business before dying of cancer at age 51. The film stars Wolheim and in the female lead Mary Astor and is preserved at the Library of Congress.The film was released in April 1931 two months after Louis Wolheim's death.
 Philip S. Lee CM OM (born May 5 1944; Chinese: 李紹麟) is the 24th and current Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba. He received the Order of Canada in 1999 and The Queen’s Golden Jubilee Medal in 2002.Born and raised in Hong Kong Lee migrated to Canada in 1962 to study in the University of Manitoba. He graduated with a Bachelor of Science in 1966 and a public administration diploma in 1977. In 1967 he was hired by the City of Winnipeg as a research chemist.
 Cappsia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Pastrana in 1953 and contains the species C. bourquini. It is found in Argentina.
 Louis-Philippe Beaubien (March 3 1903 – March 28 1985) was a Canadian politician.Born in Montreal Quebec his father Charles-Philippe Beaubien was a Senator from 1919 to 1945 and his grandfather Louis Beaubien was a member of the National Assembly of Quebec and Canadian House of Commons.He was a stockbroker and Progressive Conservative fund raiser before being summoned to the Senate in 1960 representing the senatorial division of Bedford Quebec.He died while in office in Ottawa Ontario in 1985.
 Maitland Volcano was a Pliocene age shield volcano in the western Cassiar Mountains of northwestern British Columbia Canada. In the course of one million years Maitland Volcano was formed on a mature eroded Tertiary surface by rifting of the North American continent as thin alkali olivine basalt and hawaiite lava flows covered the surrounding area.
 Out for the Night an album by The Battlefield Band was released in 2004 on the Temple Records label.
 The Manuel Alves Grande River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Rock River is a tributary of the Big Sioux River about 144 miles (232 km) long in southwestern Minnesota and northwestern Iowa in the United States. Via the Big Sioux and Missouri rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 Roger F. Wendt (December 31 1933 – March 30 2011) was a Democratic member of the Iowa House of Representatives representing the 2nd District from 2003 until 2011 though he stepped down from the Iowa House in February 2010 due to serious illness. He died on March 30 2011 from lung cancer.Wendt received his BA from Wayne State College his MA from the University of South Dakota and his Ed.D.
 The Yale Bridge or Lewis River Bridge spans the Lewis River near Yale Washington. It was built in 1932 by Cowlitz and Clark counties. The suspension bridge has a clear span of 300 feet (91 m) with a total length of 532 feet (162 m) replacing a previous steel truss bridge at the site. Construction of the Ariel Dam had created Lake Merwin with a water depth of 90 feet (27 m) at the site requiring a new bridge that did not need to have support piers in the water.
 The Hockey News commonly abbreviated to THN is a Canadian ice hockey magazine published by Transcontinental. The Hockey News was founded in 1947 by Ken McKenzie and Will Côté and has since been the most recognized hockey publication in North America. The magazine has a readership of 225000 people per issue while the magazine's website counts two million total readers.
 The Glacier Point Trailside Museum was one of the first projects in Yosemite National Park by Herbert Maier in what would become the National Park Service Rustic style. Located at Glacier Point it was funded by Laura Spelman Rockefeller's estate as a project for the Yosemite Museum.
 Borrowed Hearts (a.k.a. Borrowed Hearts: A Holiday Romance) is a 1997 made-for-TV Christmas film directed by Ted Kotcheff and starring Roma Downey and Eric McCormack.
 Today is a studio album by American country music group The Statler Brothers. It was released in 1983 via Mercury Records. The album peaked at number 193 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Dziewkowice [d͡ʑɛfkɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Schewkowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Strzelce Opolskie and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Malcolm Sinclair (1690 - June 17 1739) was a Swedish officer nobleman and envoy who was murdered by two Russian officers on his way home from the Ottoman Empire.
 Zebra IV is the fourth album by American hard rock trio Zebra. It was released on 8 July 2003 some 20 years after their 1983 debut album and 17 years after their last studio effort 3.V from 1986.
 Alcolapia is a genus of fishes in the Cichlidae family. Their native range is largely restricted to the hypersaline warm Lake Natron and Lake Magadi in Kenya and Tanzania although two species also have been introduced to Lake Nakuru.
 Gyuu is the 1st album by Masami Okui released on April 21 1995.
 Yaadgar is a 1984 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Dasari Narayana Rao starring Kamal Haasan Poonam Dhillon and Sanjeev Kumar.
 Odostomia extenuata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 J. Joseph McDermott (born July 1 1967) usually known as Joe McDermott is an American politician from the state of Washington and a member of King County Council representing the 8th district. Elected to the county council in 2010 he previously served ten years as a state legislator: seven years in the Washington House of Representatives and three years in the Washington State Senate.McDermott was elected to the state House in 2000 taking office in January 2001 and serving until 2007.
 Not to be confused with the Communist paper published in AntwerpHet Vrije Woord (English: Free Speech) was a Dutch-language newspaper published clandestinely in Belgium during the German occupation in World War II. The Vrije Woord was the result of co-operation largely between various different groups including Catholics Jews and Trotskyites and although its circulation was never as extensive as other Flemish underground newspapers it was distinguished by its high-brow content.
 Sunrise Beach is a summer village in Alberta Canada. It is located on the western shore of Sandy Lake south of Sandy Beach.
 The Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum is located at the Whitefish Point Light Station 11 miles (18 km) north of Paradise in Chippewa County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The light station property was transferred to the Great Lakes Shipwreck Historical Society (GLSHS) the Michigan Audubon Society (MAS) and the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) in 1996. The three entities share governance of the site. The museum is operated by the GLSHS.
 Actinoptilum molle commonly known as the radial sea pen or purple sea pen (South Africa) is a species of sea pen in the family Echinoptilidae.
 The Summers County Courthouse in Hinton West Virginia is a red brick Romanesque Revival or late Victorian building originally constructed in 1875-76. The building was remodeled between 1893 and 1898 by architect Frank Pierce Milburn who added octagonal turrets at the corners. A 1923 addition followed suit with another square with two towers. A plan 1930s addition followed.
 White Diamond: A Personal Portrait of Kylie Minogue is a 2007 documentary film directed and produced by William Baker and chronicling the life of Australian singer Kylie Minogue during her concert tour Showgirl: The Homecoming Tour.
 Needle Rock is an intrusive of rhyodacite volcanic plug located at the west border of the Gunnison National Forest in the Needle Rock Natural Area near Crawford in the U.S. state of Colorado. It stands 800 feet (240 m) tall above the floor of the Smith Fork of the Gunnison River valley. It originated as the throat of a large volcano about 28 million years ago in the Miocene geological epoch when molten rock intruded between existing sedimentary rocks.
 In the Shadows is the third full-length album by Mercyful Fate. It is also the first offering of the band since their reunion in 1992. It was released in 1993 on Metal Blade Records. This album shows the band leaving behind most of the Satanic and Occult-based lyrical themes which were prevalent on previous albums in favor of a more story-based approach.Some editions of In the Shadows contain a bonus track Return of the Vampire...
 Rankbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Burczak [ˈburt͡ʂak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Czarna Białostocka and 19 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Ogașu cu Raci is a tributary of the Gusec River in Romania.
 Valley View Christian Church is a non-denominational Christian church located in Dallas Texas. It is an evangelical church associated with the Restoration Movement. Its core beliefs are centered in the authority of the Bible.Valley View was established November 8 1964. The mission of the church is to make disciples of all people and help them to become more like Christ. The church's leadership is defined as led by elders (1 Tim. 3) and the day to day operations are managed by the staff.
 South Lee Historic District is a historic district at 1365-1710 Pleasant—1120-1140 Fairview St.--15-80 Willow Street in Lee Massachusetts.The district features Mid-19th-Century Revival and Early Republic architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Aqa Molk (Persian: اقاملك‎ also Romanized as Āqā Molk and Āqā Malek) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1298 in 351 families.
 Donna-Lee Petrovich (born 15 November 1963) is an Australian politician. She was a Liberal Party of Australia member of the Victorian Legislative Council from 2006 to 2013 representing Northern Victoria Region.
 Edward Lawrence Bader (June 8 1874 – January 29 1927) was an American politician who served as Mayor of Atlantic City New Jersey for much of the Roaring Twenties when the city was arguably at the peak of its popularity as a vacation spot. Bader was known for his contributions to the construction athletics and aviation of Atlantic City.
 Harold Craig Lewis (July 22 1944 – January 13 2013) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate representing Bucks County and parts of Philadelphia served five terms from 1975 to 1994. Lewis was chair of the Judiciary Local Government and Ethics Committees throughout his Senate career. He served on numerous state commissions and he was the minority leader of the Appropriations Committee until 1984.
 The Twins (Hangul: 역전의 명수; RR: Yeokjeon-ui myeongsu) is a 2005 South Korean film and the debut feature of Park Heung-sik. Jung Joon-ho stars as identical twins with opposing personalities.
 Sarge is a 1976 album by Delroy Wilson originally released on the LTD label in Jamaica and the Charmers label in the UK. The album was produced and arranged by Lloyd Charmers and featured the biggest selling reggae single of 1976 Wilson's cover version of Bob Marley's I'm Still Waiting.
 Francisco de Murga y Ortiz de Orué (1570? - 1636) was Spanish soldier and engineer who became Governor and Captain-General of Cartagena.He was governor of Marmora in Africa when he was appointed to fortify the plaza of Cartagena. He was a knight of Order of Santiago. He died in 1636.
 Mickybo and Me is a 2004 Northern Irish comedy-drama film written and directed by Terry Loane and based on the stage play Mojo Mickybo by Owen McCafferty. The film was produced by Working Title Films and released by Universal Studios.
 The Complete Limelight Sessions is a collection of songs recorded by singer Shania Twain before she signed a record deal with Mercury Nashville in 1993. It was released in North America on October 23 2001 following the massive success of Come on Over. It is the only official collection of Twain's early work however many bootleg albums were released around the same time. The album was promoted by remixes of It's Alright Twain's only song to chart on Billboards Hot Dance Club Play chart.
 Tulip Hill is a plantation house that was built between 1755 and 1756 one mile from Galesville in Anne Arundel County in the Province of Maryland. Tulip Hill was built before the American War of Independence.The house sits atop a ridge and overlooks the West River. The house was built by Samuel Galloway for his wife Ann (Chew) Galloway. They married in 1742.
 The Norfolk Swallowtail (Papilio amynthor) is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family that is found in New Caledonia Loyalty Islands and Norfolk Island.The wingspan is 80–100 mm.The larvae feed on Citrus limon.
 The U.S. Post Office in Mineola New York serves the ZIP Code 11501 covering that community in the Towns of North Hempstead and Hempstead New York United States the seat of Long Island's Nassau County. It is located on the northeast corner of the junction of First and Main Streets.It is a brick building in the Colonial Revival architectural style built in 1936 as part of a massive Depression-era public works project that built many new post offices all over New York.
 Asian horned frog redirects here. This may also refer specifically to Megophrys montana.Megophrys is a genus of frogs (Anura) in the family Megophryidae. They occur in the Malay Peninsula and the Malay Archipelago.They commonly have elongated upper eyebrows and are thus known as Asian horned frogs. They belong to the suborder Mesobatrachia and are therefore by no means close relatives of the South American horned frogs (Ceratophrys) which are Neobatrachia.
 The Château de Latoue is a castle in the commune of Latoue in the Haute-Garonne département of France. Construction began in the 12th century with major additions and alterations in the 13th 16th and 18th centuries.Privately owned it has been listed since 1979 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The Crime Wave at Blandings is a short story by P. G. Wodehouse which first appeared in the United States in two parts in the October 10 and October 17 1936 editions of the Saturday Evening Post and in the United Kingdom in the January 1937 issue of the Strand. It was included in the collection Lord Emsworth and Others (1937) and provided the title to the U.S.
 Green Lantern Versus Aliens is a four-issue comic book mini-series published jointly by DC Comics and Dark Horse Comics monthly from September 2000 to December 2000. It is written by Ron Marz and illustrated by penciller Rick Leonardi and inker Mike Perkins with covers by Dwayne Turner.The series stars several Green Lanterns primarily Kyle Rayner and the titular xenomorphs from the Alien movie series.
 Sheerluck Holmes and the Golden Ruler is the twenty-second episode in the VeggieTales series. It was released in early 2006 in both DVD and VHS format. Subtitled A Lesson in Friendship it features two stories that illustrate what it means to be a good friend. The first is a parody of Don Quixote de la Mancha by Miguel de Cervantes. The second is a parody of the Sherlock Holmes novels and stories by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
 Kuhgrabensee is a lake in Bremen Germany. At an elevation of its surface area is 17.8 ha.
 Datze is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Li Cunjin (李存進) (857–922) originally Sun Chongjin (孫重進) was a military general in imperial China's Tang Dynasty and later the Jin territory in the ensuing Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period after Tang's collapse. He served the Shatuo leaders Li Keyong — who adopted him as a son — and Li Keyong's biological son and successor Li Cunxu. He died in the battles against Zhang Chujin.
 Eiders (pronounced /ˈaɪ.dər/) are large seaducks in the genus Somateria. Steller's Eider Polysticta stelleri is in a different genus despite its name.The three extant species all breed in the cooler latitudes of the Northern hemisphere.The down feathers of eider ducks and some other ducks and geese are used to fill pillows and quilts—they have given the name to the type of quilt known as an eiderdown.
 Science Friction: Where the Known Meets the Unknown is a 2004 book by Michael Shermer a historian of science and founder of The Skeptics Society. It contains thirteen essays about personal barriers and biases that plague and propel science especially when scientists push against the unknown. What do we know and what do we not know? These include an essay relating the author's experience of a day spent learning cold reading techniques well enough to be accepted as a psychic.
 Khosravan-e Olya (Persian: خسروان عليا‎ also Romanized as Khosravān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Khosravān-e Bālā) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District Khenejin District Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 32 families.
 Nimrod Lake is a reservoir in western Arkansas created by the construction of the Nimrod Dam. It is the oldest Corps of Engineers project in Arkansas and was completed in 1942 on the Fourche LaFave River.
 Niwa Goszczowska [ˈniva ɡɔʂˈt͡ʂɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Pedda Korpole(పెద్ద కొర్పోల్) is a village located in Nekkonda of Warangal district in Andhra Pradesh state India.It is located very near to the Kazipet Vijayawada railway line. It comes under Narsampet (Assembly constituency) Mahabubabad (Lok Sabha constituency) and Mahabubabad Revenue Division. Its PIN CODE is 506112.Village has the population of around 3114 people with 1584 Male population 1530 Female population and 694 houses according to Census Of India census of 2011.
 The Races of Europe is a popular work of physical anthropology by Carleton S. Coon.
 Thüren is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.1 m its surface area is 1.72 km².
 Nakolec (Macedonian: Наколец; Albanian: Nakoleci) is a village on Lake Prespa in Resen Municipality in the Republic of Macedonia. It is located roughly 23 kilometres (14 mi) south of the municipal centre of Resen.
 Henricus inspergatus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Chiapas).
 Demminer See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 66.5 m its surface area is 0.087 km².
 For Whom He Tolls is the 2009 psychological drama directed by Randal Reeder. The film stars Lena Clark Gina Brazell Lije Sarki Angela Ware and George Wilson. The project was executive produced by Kent Fuselier and Patti Chavez.
 Man Seyr (Persian: منثير‎ also Romanized as Man S̱eyr; also known as Manīzh Man Sar Mensar Monīr and Munnīr) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Fusinus helenae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae.
 Benvenuti in casa Gori internationally known as Welcome to home Gori is a 1990 comedy-drama film directed by Alessandro Benvenuti. It is based on a comedy play with the same name by Ugo Chiti and the same Benvenuti. For her performance Ilaria Occhini was awarded with a Nastro d'Argento for Best Supporting Actress. The film has a sequel Return to Home Gori.
 The South Branch Birch River is a 9.4-mile-long (15.1 km) river in Aroostook County Maine in the United States. From the outlet of a small pond (47°03′33″N 68°50′10″W) in Maine Township 16 Range 9 WELS it runs southeast and east to its confluence with the North Branch in the town of Eagle Lake to form the Birch River. It is part of the Fish River watershed draining north to the St. John River which flows southeast to the Bay of Fundy in New Brunswick Canada.
 The Imitation of Christ (Latin: De Imitatione Christi) by Thomas à Kempis is a Christian devotional book. It was first composed in Latin ca.1418-1427. It is a handbook for spiritual life arising from the Devotio Moderna movement where Kempis was a member.The Imitation is perhaps the most widely read devotional work next to the Bible and is regarded as a devotional and religious classic.
 House at 58 Eighteenth Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1893 and is a two story three bay clapboard sided residence with a cross gable roof in the Late Victorian style. It features a first floor porch with spindle balustrade and fishscale shingling. Also on the property is a contributing cast iron fence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Tribute to a Bad Man is a 1956 western film starring James Cagney about a rancher whose harsh enforcement of frontier justice alienates the woman he loves. It was directed by Robert Wise and based on the short story Hanging's for the Lucky by Jack Schaefer the author of Shane.
 Broniszewo [brɔniˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Monbrunshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Młynary 27 km (17 mi) east of Elbląg and 64 km (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 20.
 Mount Edgecumbe is the current name of a dormant volcano located at the southern end of Kruzof Island Alaska of which it is the highest point. In the Tlingit language it is called L’ux. Mt. Edgecumbe is a local landmark and a tourist attraction.
 The Journal of Orthopaedic & Sports Physical Therapy is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes research about musculoskeletal rehabilitation health and wellness including such areas as orthopedics physical therapy and sports medicine. JOSPT was established in 1979 following the founding of the Orthopedic and Sports Medicine sections of the American Physical Therapy Association.
 Travelin' is the eighth studio album by the pop rock band Tommy James and the Shondells released in 1970.The album had two singles that charted. She went to #23 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1969. Gotta Get Back to You reached #45 on the chart in 1970. The album landed on the Billboard 200 reaching #91.The album was the final album released by the band on Roulette Records.
 Projet Orange (sometimes incorrectly labeled on the Internet as New Edition) is the first album from the Quebecois band Projet Orange. The album was released by ViK. Recordings in 2001. Unlike the band's 2004 sophomore release Megaphobe (mostly sung in English) every song on this record is sung in French.D-Max - 4:41Mystère aérosol - 3:56Air malin - 4:47Téléaddiction - 3:55S'étend l'amer - 3:41La pomme - 3:55A. N. I.
 Vandanmedu is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.Vandanmedu is the largest producer of cardamom in the world.[citation needed]
 Arthur William de Brito Savile Foljambe 2nd Earl of Liverpool GCB GCMG GBE MVO PC DL JP (27 May 1870 – 15 May 1941) styled Viscount Hawkesbury between 1905 and 1907 was a British Liberal politician the 16th and last Governor of New Zealand and the first Governor-General of New Zealand.
 Leptonotus blainvilleanus (the deep-bodied pipefish) is a pipefish in the family Syngnathidae (seahorses and pipefishes). These benthic fishes are found in estuaries and coastal waters of South America from southern Brazil in the Atlantic Ocean to southern Chile in the Pacific Ocean. They have been found swimming vertically among algae for camouflage.
 For the 19th century political figure see Louis-Joseph PapineauLouis-Joseph Papineau (January 3 1861 – April 24 1932) was a Canadian politician and lawyer. He was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1908 federal election as the Liberal MP for Beauharnois Quebec. He crossed the floor to join the Conservatives and was re-elected in the 1911 federal election.
 Güme is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°55′N 33°31′E it is situated in Toros Mountains to the north of Mut. It is a high village which is also a yayla (resort) for Mut citizens during the summer . The distance to Mut is 51 kilometres (32 mi) and to Mersin is 211 kilometres (131 mi). The population of the village is 504 as of 2011. The village is an old village and it was founded during the Karamanoğlu beylik era.
 Sericostola rhodanopa is a species of sedge moths in the genus Sericostola. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1927. It is found in Colombia.
 Sir Huon (foaled 1903 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that was the winner of the 1906 Kentucky Derby and Latonia Derby. Sir Huon was named after a character in the German opera Oberon and was bred at George J. Long's stud farm Bashford Manor Stable.
 Hacımuslu Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Victor Vic Manuel Torres Jr. (born July 22 1947) is a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 48th District which includes parts of Orlando in Orange County since 2012.
 Sven Sester (born 14 July 1969) is an Estonian politician and a member of Riigikogu. He has represented the Talinn constituency of Kesklinn Lasnamäe and Pirita since 2003 as a member of the Pro Patria and Res Publica Union party.
 Jaws is an album by saxophonist Eddie Lockjaw Davis with organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1958 for the Prestige label.
 The Amboy Dukes is the first studio album released by The Amboy Dukes featuring Ted Nugent. It was released in November 1967 on Mainstream Records (stereo S/6104 mono 56104). The Amboy Dukes interested a record label that primarily produced jazz albums in their music. Nugent assembled a new band of the best local Detroit players to secure a recording contract with them. He immediately brought in the soulful baritone voice of Drake as lead vocalist.
 Platte County Courthouse in Platte City Missouri was built in 1866. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Coconuts Plenty of Junk Food is an EP by CocoRosie released on June 3 2009. The EP was independently self-released and only available to be bought at CocoRosie’s 2009 Summer Tour.
 Five Days In Paris is a 1995 fiction novel by Danielle Steel and published by Delacorte Press. It analyzes honour integrity and commitment into relationships as well as hope. The book was a best-seller of Publishers Weekly for eighteen weeks.
 Pyotr Mironovich Masherov (Belarusian: Пётр Міро́навіч Машэ́раў; Russian: Пётр Миро́нович Маше́ров; February 26 [O.S. February 13] 1918 - October 4 1980) was the first secretary of Belarusian committee of the Communist Party of Soviet Union and a communist leader of Soviet Belarus.
 Turku City Office is located in Turku Finland and is supervised by the Mayor. Its tasks include preparing the decisions of the City Council and the City Board and its subdivisions as well as the implementation of these decisions.The City Office also aids the Mayor in directing the administration of the City in directing finances and with matters concerning personnel and outside relations.
 Psilalcis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Love Never Faileth is a practical commentary on Saint Francis Saint Paul Saint Augustine and Mother Teresa. Written by Eknath Easwaran the book was originally published in the United States in 1984.Subsequent editions of the book have been published in the US and India and foreign (non-English) editions have also been published in several languages. The book's original subtitle was the inspiration of Saint Francis Saint Augustine Saint Paul Mother Teresa.
 St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church is a historic church at 320 Middle Avenue in Elyria Ohio.It was built in 1883 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Westfield Kotara is a shopping centre located in the suburb of Kotara in Newcastle New South Wales Australia. It was opened in 1965 as Kotara Fair. In 2003 the shopping centre was purchased by the Westfield Group.The centre's major tenants include Coles Target Kmart Woolworths David Jones and a Toys R Us. It is often locally referred to as Garden City reflecting its former title.
 The Urias Hardy House is a historic house at 50 Brown Street in Methuen Massachusetts.Urias Hardy was an overseer at the nearby Arlington Mills. The Brown Street house built in 1900 is a fine example of the large single-family home constructed during a time of rapid midde class expansion. The larger more elaborate home is in contrast to the smaller worker houses being built closer to the mills.
 Flash Comics was an anthology comic book published by All-American Publications and later National Periodicals (DC Comics). The title ran for 104 issues between January 1940 to February 1949. Although the name of the comic book was Flash Comics the Flash was only one of many different series featured in the magazine.
 Ban Pako also known as Ban Pako Eco Resort is an ecotourist resort lodge and ancient site along the Nam Ngum River approximately 50 kilometres northeast of Vientiane Laos. The area is a major archaeological significance with the remains on an ancient temple which has been excavated and revealed evidence of ancient metal working and textile making in the area and that the inhabitants had advanced skills in pottery.
 Tonna lischkeana is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tonnidae the tun shells.
 Ransbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Under the Blade is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Twisted Sister released on Secret Records on September 18 1982. It featured a very brutal and rough sound which was eventually totally ignored on a remixed re-release by Atlantic Records on July 14 1985.[citation needed] The re-release also added a remixed version of the song I'll Never Grow Up Now.
 Echineulima ovata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Rhipidarctia xenops is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1957. It is found in Ghana.
 Heron is a small lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon less than 20 kilometers from the equator. It lies between the slightly larger crater Ctesibius just to the west and Soddy a little farther to the east. Almost directly to the north is the prominent crater King.This formation is an undistinguished circular crater. The interior floor is relatively flat and featureless.
 Inverurie Hospital is a small hospital in Inverurie Aberdeenshire Scotland.It has previously been known as the Joint Hospital County Hospital and Inverurie Infectious Diseases Hospital. It was founded in 1897. The Infectious diseases hospital opened in December 1940 as an 80-bedded fever hospital admitting patients with infectious diseases from across Aberdeenshire.The 62-bed hospital comprises DOME Ward Psychogeriatric Unit and male and female GP Wards.
 The Rudărița River is a tributary of the Poarta River in Romania.
 We Love to Sing About Jesus is an album by country music artists George Jones and Tammy Wynette. This album was released in 1972 on the Epic Records label. It peaked at number 38 on the Billboard Country Albums chart.
 Hello Waveforms is the ninth album by British electronic musician and record producer William Orbit. It was released in the UK on February 20 2006. It is a mostly instrumental ambient record with only four tracks containing vocals: Spiral featuring Kenna and the Sugababes They Live In The Sky sung by Annette and Paulette Morris and Bubble Universe which is based on a song previously recorded with Madonna called Liquid Love and has vocals by Laurie Mayer.
 Lake Pend Oreille (pronounced: pond-o-ray) is the largest lake in the northern Idaho Panhandle with a surface area of 148 square miles (380 km2). It is 43 miles (69 km) long and 1150 feet (350 m) deep in some regions making it the fifth deepest in the United States. It is fed by the Clark Fork River and the Pack River and drains via the Pend Oreille River. It is surrounded by national forests and a few small towns with the largest population on the lake at Sandpoint.
 Time Piece is a 1965 experimental short film directed written produced by and starring Jim Henson. The film depicts an ordinary man moving in constant motion in a desperate attempt to escape the passage of time. Time Piece is notable as one of the few live-action projects Jim Henson produced that did not involve any form of puppetry. The short film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film in 1966.
 Critic is the official magazine of the Otago University Students' Association (OUSA) of the University of Otago. It is freely available around both the university's campus and selected sites in Dunedin city weekly during term time. Critic is New Zealand's longest-running student newspaper having been published since 1925. Weekly circulation is 5000 copies with an estimated readership of 21000.
 The Dog Who Came in from the Cold is the second online novel by Alexander McCall Smith author of the The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series. In the first series the author wrote a chapter a day starting on 15 Sep 2008 the series running for 20 weeks and totalling 100 episodes. The daily chapters read by Andrew Sachs were also available as an audio download.The second and third series were published online running from Monday 21 September 2009 and Monday 13 September 2010 respectively.
 The Irish Times is an Irish daily broadsheet newspaper launched on 29 March 1859. The editor is Kevin O'Sullivan who succeeded Geraldine Kennedy in 2011; the deputy editor is Denis Staunton. The Irish Times is considered to be Ireland's newspaper of record and is published every day except Sundays. It employs 420 people.Though formed as a Protestant nationalist paper within two decades and under new owners it had become the voice of Irish unionism.
 Anne of Green Gables is a bestselling 1908 novel by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery. Written as fiction for readers of all ages the literary classic has been considered a children's novel since the mid-twentieth century. It recounts the adventures of Anne Shirley a young orphan girl mistakenly sent to Matthew and Marilla Cuthbert a middle-aged brother and sister who have a farm on Prince Edward Island and who had intended to adopt a boy to help them.
 Horstead Priory was a Benedictine Alien house in Norfolk England.Horstead manor was granted by William II of England to the Abbey of Sainte-Trinité in Caen France which had been founded by William's mother Matilda of Flanders. The priory was dissolved in 1414.
 Children's Hospital of Orange County also known by its acronym CHOC and branded as CHOC Children's is a children's hospital located in Orange County California.For more than 45 years CHOC Children’s has been steadfastly committed to providing the highest quality medical care to children.
 Go Fish is a 1994 American lesbian-themed independent drama film. Directed and co-written (with her then-girlfriend Guinevere Turner) by Rose Troche the film tells the story of the interrelationships of a small group of lesbian friends in Chicago. The narrative is broken up by a number of discussions on lesbian issues dream sequences commentary that breaks the fourth wall and moments of free verse poetry. Go Fish was part of a wave of LGBT-themed films that appeared in the mid-1990s.
 Xanthodaphne is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 João Gilberto is a bossa nova album by João Gilberto originally released in Brazil as a vinyl LP in 1973 and reissued on CD in 1988. João Gilberto released another album named João Gilberto in 1961 as well as several EPs with only his name as title. The minimal instrumentation – just Gilberto's guitar and voice plus Sonny Carr's very sparse percussion – and the relentless beat give the album a hypnotic feel. The album's sound engineer was famous electronic music pioneer Wendy Carlos.
 Stranger in Our House (also released as Summer of Fear) is a 1978 American horror television film directed by Wes Craven and starring Linda Blair. It tells the story of a teenage girl who begins to suspect that her cousin may be a practitioner of black magic and witchcraft after she comes to live with their family.
 Abyssotrophon multicostatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Journal of Experimental Psychology: Animal Behavior Processes is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 1975 as an independent section of the Journal of Experimental Psychology and covers research in experimental psychology specifically pertaining to all aspects of animal behavior processes. The editor-in-chief is Anthony Dickinson (University of Cambridge).
 Chushal (Persian: چوشل‎ also Romanized as Chūshal Chooshal Choushal’ Chowshāl; also known as Chū Ahl) is a village in Malfejan Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 52 families.
 I See Seaweed is the seventh studio album by Australian band The Drones released in March 2013. The album was recorded by the band independently through it would be co-distributed through Waterfront Records.
 The Nathaniel Bowditch House (circa 1805) sometimes called by Bowditch-Osgood House or Nathaniel Bowditch Home is a historic house located at 9 North Street in Salem Massachusetts. It was once the home of Nathaniel Bowditch the founder of modern navigation and is now a National Historic Landmark and listed in the National Register of Historic Places. It currently serves as the headquarters of Historic Salem Inc.The Bowditch House is significant both architecturally and historically.
 Tyska kyrkan (German Church; German: Deutsche Kirche) sometimes called St. Gertrude's Church (Swedish: Sankta Gertruds kyrka) is a church in Gamla stan the old town in central Stockholm Sweden.Located between the streets Tyska Brinken Kindstugatan Svartmangatan and Prästgatan it is named for standing in the centre of a neighbourhood that in the Middle Ages was dominated by Germans.
 Lirimiris is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Grímsnes is a fissure or crater row volcano located in southwestern Iceland a relatively small volcanic system located SE of Thingvallavatn lake east of an en echelon group of volcanic fields extending across the Reykjanes Peninsula. The elevation at its apex is 214 meters.
 Red River Valley is a 1936 American Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and Frances Grant. Written by Dorrell and Stuart E. McGowan the film is about a ditch rider and his sidekick who set out to find out who has been causing the accidents at a dam construction site.
 The Kaiser's Last Kiss is a 2003 novel written by Alan Judd. The story gives a fictional account of the last few days in the life of exiled Kaiser Wilhelm II after his home at Doorn Netherlands is taken over by the invading Germans during the opening months of the Second World War. The book was published by Harper Perennial.
 Benjamin Faucher (April 12 1915 – December 26 1990) was a Canadian provincial politician. He was the Liberal member of the National Assembly of Quebec for Yamaska and Nicolet-Yamaska from 1970 to 1976.
 Floating Life is a 1996 Australian drama film directed by Clara Law about a Hong Kong family who move to Australia.
 Capsized! is the ninth studio album released by the Ohio rock band Circus Devils in October 2011. All songs on Capsized! were written and performed by Robert Pollard Todd Tobias and Tim Tobias. Capsized! is a song cycle with a nautical theme centered on an unnamed character and his friend Wallace who experience life aboard a haunted ship. The moods range from sunny optimism to melanchoilia claustrophobia and terror.
 The Glide Ranger Station in Umpqua National Forest near Glide Oregon was built in 1938 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It served historically as a government office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 for its architecture. It was designed by architects of the United States Forest Service in Rustic and other architecture.In 1986 the station building was in excellent condition.
 North Koel River flows through the Indian state of Jharkhand.
 Parugu (Telugu:పరుగు English: Run) is a 2008 Telugu film written and directed by Bhaskar (of Bommarillu fame). Allu Arjun Sheela and Prakash Raj play the lead roles. Dil Raju produces the film whilst Mani Sharma scored the film soundtrack and background score. The movie premiered in Prasads IMAX on April 30 at 10:15PM. The film was dubbed into Malayalam under the title Krishna. It was dubbed into Hindi under the title 'VEERTA THE POWER'.
 À L’Olympia is a live album and DVD by French electronic musician Émilie Simon released in February 2007. It includes songs from all of her albums. The album contains material taken from a concert in September 2006 at the Olympia. The DVD contains footage of the making of the album a video produced by her in Japan for “Dame de lotus” and all her three music videos to date.
 Avianca Building is a skyscraper of 161 meters located at the intersection of 16th street and Seventh avenue next to the Santander park in Bogotá Colombia.
 Tomorrow When the War Began is a 2010 Australian drama film written and directed by Stuart Beattie and based on the novel of the same name (the first in a series of seven) by John Marsden. The film was produced by Andrew Mason and Michael Boughen. The story follows Ellie Linton one of eight teenagers waging a guerrilla war against an invading foreign power in their fictional hometown of Wirrawee.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād and Hosein Abad) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 482 in 112 families.
 Flavio Zanonato (born 24 July 1950 in Padua) is an Italian politician. He is the former mayor of Padua.
 Jędrychowo [jɛndrɨˈxɔvɔ] (German: Heinrichshöfen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 160.
 Sket is a 2011 British urban retribution thriller film set in the inner estates of East London. Released in October 2011 the film comes from the makers of Shank and Anuvahood. Starring Lily Loveless Aimee Kelly Adelayo Adedayo Emma Hartley-Miller Slaine Kelly Varada Sethu and Ashley Walters as the lead stars the film is the feature-length directorial debut of writer Nirpal Bhogal. Sket was filmed on location in London.
 Bagverdi-ye Olya (Persian: بگوردي عليا‎ also Romanized as Bagverdī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 30 families.
 Hollywood Ending is a American film from 2002 written and directed by Woody Allen who also plays the principal character. It tells the story of a once-famous film director who suffers hysterical blindness due to the intense pressure of directing.
 Les Trinitaires is a live album of a solo performance by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 1998 in Metz France and released on the Jazz Friends label. The album features five of Hill's original compositions with one alternate take two jazz standards and two compositions by Hill's musical associates.
 Bill Faison is a former member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's 50th House district from 2005 to 2012. He is a member of the North Carolina Democratic Party.
 Audla is a village in Laimjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Brading Down is a chalk down southwest of Brading Isle of Wight. It is a prominent hill which overlooks Sandown Bay with spectacular views across the bay towards Shanklin and Culver Down. It is a Local Nature Reserve.Parts of the down are private including an area used as a covered reservoir and some for agriculture. But much of the down some 35 hectares (86 acres) is open to the public and is owned by the Isle of Wight Council.
 Mururé River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 City of Night is a novel written by John Rechy. It was originally published in 1963 in New York by Grove Press. Earlier excerpts had appeared in Evergreen Review Big Table Nugget and The London Magazine. City of Night is notable for its exposé approach to and stark depiction of hustling as well as its stream of consciousness narrative style.
 Turbacz is the highest peak of the Gorce Mountains a mountain range located in southern Lesser Poland. It lies in the middle of the range and according to most sources it is 1310 meters high. The peak itself is surrounded by dense pine forest which makes it impossible for tourists to admire the view of the area. In the past however no trees were present there and according to the 1832 sources it was possible to see the city of Kraków with a telescope.
 Cross is a 2011 American action fantasy film written by Patrick Durham John Sachar and Tanner Wiley. It was released direct-to-video.
 Glipa komiyai is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 2000.
 Tomorrow's World is the fourteenth studio album by English synthpop duo Erasure. The album was released through Mute Records on 3 October 2011 in the UK and 11 October 2011 in North America.
 Kurmancî is a linguistic magazine published twice a year since 1987 to spread the results of the Kurdish Institute's linguistic seminars on problems of terminology and standardisation of the Kurdish language. All issues of this periodical are available on the publisher’s Web site as is the Kurdish-French-English-Turkish index of the first 20 issues.The name Kurmancî is a Kurdish spelling of the name of the most widely spoken dialect of the Kurdish language Kurmanji.
 The Postman (1985) is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by David Brin. A drifter stumbles across the uniform of an old United States Postal Service letter carrier and with empty promises of aid from the Restored United States of America gives hope to a community threatened by local warlords. The first two parts were published separately as The Postman (1982) and Cyclops (1984). Both were nominated for a Hugo Award for Best Novella.
 The Broad-tailed Paradise Whydah (Vidua obtusa) is a species of bird in the Viduidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Rwanda South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Macromphalina harryleei is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vanikoridae.
 Mordellistena mikado is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1953.
 Journal of the History of the Neurosciences is a British academic journal founded in 1992. It covers the history of neuroscience. The journal contains a combination of original articles book reviews and two unique types of columns called NEUROwords and the Neurognostics Questions and Answers.
 Matt & Kim is the self-titled debut album from Brooklyn-based band Matt & Kim. It was released on October 24 2006 on the label iheartcomix.
 Balu ABCDEFG is a Telugu action crime film released on 6 January 2005 and was directed by A. Karunakaran. This film stars Pawan Kalyan Shriya and Neha Oberoi. The film was produced by C. Ashwini Dutt under his production company Vyjayanthi Movies. The movie was a good grosser at the box office; it ran for 100 days successfully in 8 theaters in Andhra Pradesh. The story of this film is loosely based on Jet Li's 2004 film Unleashed
 My Son Marshall My Son Eminem is an autobiography by Debbie Nelson the mother of the American rapper Eminem. The British author Annette Witheridge helped her with the book. It was reported in September 2008 that the book sold over 100000 copies in the United Kingdom.
 Nour Minel Samaa (Nour min al sama) known in English as Light from Heaven and in French as Lumière du ciel is a 1947 Arabic short film directed by Hassan Hilmy.
 Chah-e Khoda Morad Babari (Persian: چاه خدامرادبابري‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Khodā Morād Bābarī) is a village in Chahak Rural District in the Central District of Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 9 families.
 Eckelsbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lucy in London is a 1966 prime-time TV special produced and directed by Steve Binder co-produced and choreographed by David Winters and sponsored by Monsanto Company. The program starred Lucille Ball Anthony Newley and the Dave Clark Five and was filmed entirely on location in London.
 Étang de Cazaux et de Sanguinet is a lake in Gironde Landes France. At an elevation of 12 m its surface area is 55 km².Étang de Cazaux et de Sanguinet is a tourist attraction and features an array of nautical sports.
 Berkeh-ye Sefid (Persian: بركه سفيد‎ also Romanized as Berkeh-ye Sefīd) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 15 families.
 Blood is an album released in 1991 by Ivo Watts-Russell's supergroup This Mortal Coil. The double album was the final LP in the project's history although Ivo used two TMC performers on his next project The Hope Blister in 1998. You and Your Sister was a #13 hit in The Netherlands and spent seven weeks in the Dutch Top 40.
 Aiyoku no Eustia (穢翼のユースティア Aiyoku no Yūsutia lit. Eustia of the Tarnished Wings) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by August for Windows and was released on April 28 2011. Aiyoku no Eustia is August's eighth game preceded by Fortune Arterial and Yoake Mae yori Ruriiro na: Moonlight Cradle. It was planned to be released on March 25 but the schedule was changed due to the Great East Japan Earthquake.
 Christopher S. Chris Friend (born December 21 1972) is an American chemist and politician who represents the 137th Assembly District of the New York State Assembly. He is a Republican and represents parts of Schuyler and Chemung Counties.A native of Big Flats and a 1991 graduate of Horseheads High School he completed a B.S. in chemistry at the University of New Hampshire before earning Master's and Ph.D. degrees in chemistry at the State University of New York at Buffalo.
 Głobica [ɡwɔˈbit͡sa] (German: Glabitsch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 31 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1793 the area was part of Royal Prussia in 1793-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 the Free City of Danzig 1939-45 Germany.
 The Palmetto Mountains are a mountain range in Esmeralda County Nevada. The Lida Mining District and Lida Nevada are located in the range.The mountains are east of the Sylvania Mountains and north of the Slate Range and Death Valley. It is a sub-range of the Silver Peak Range further northwest. Blue Dick Benchmark at 9289 ft above sea level is the highest point of the Palmettos.
 Little Lord Fauntleroy is a 1980 British family film directed by Jack Gold and starring Alec Guinness Rick Schroder and Eric Porter. It is based on the children's novel of the same name.
 Andy Williams' Best is a compilation album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released late in 1961 by Cadence Records.
 Demolis eugenia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Paraguay.
 The Mogollon Mountains or Mogollon Range (/mʌɡɨˈjoʊn/ or /moʊɡəˈjoʊn/) are a mountain range east of the San Francisco River in Grant and Catron counties of southwestern New Mexico United States between the communities of Reserve and Silver City. They extend roughly north-south for about 30 miles (48 km) and form part of the divide between the San Francisco and the Gila rivers. The crest of the range lies about 15 miles (24 km) east of U.S.
 The White-lined Tanager (Tachyphonus rufus) is a medium-sized passerine bird. This tanager is a resident breeder from Costa Rica south to northern Argentina and on Trinidad and Tobago.It occurs in semi-open areas including gardens. The bulky cup nest is built in a tree or shrub and the female incubates three sometimes two brown-blotched cream eggs for 14–15 days.Adult White-lined Tanagers are 18.5 cm long and weigh 33 g. They are long-tailed and with a mostly black stout pointed bill.
 Another Late Night: Groove Armada is a DJ mix album mixed by Groove Armada. It is the fifth in the Another Late Night / Late Night Tales series.It was released on 3 June 2002 on Late Night Tales in the UK (catalogue no. ALNCD05).
 The Izvorul Scării River or Scara River is a headwater of the Topolog River in Romania.
 The Piceala River is a tributary of the Iapa River in Romania.
 Anandabazar Patrika (Bengali: আনন্দবাজার পত্রিকা Aːnond̪obaːdʒaːr Pot̪riːkaː) is an Indian Bengali language daily newspaper published in Kolkata New Delhi and Mumbai by the ABP Group. According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations it has a circulation of 1.28 million copies making it the largest circulation for a single-edition regional language newspaper in India.
 Fairytales and Reality is the third album from Swedish/German power metal band Dionysus released August 23 2006 (advanced Japanese release).When asked for comment on the album drummer Ronny Milianowicz replied: This album is so good that you would throw away all other CDs you got only to have this one. It will make you drink beer like crazy. It will make your neighbors your worst enemies. It will make you a true metal warrior.
 Heteropoda cervina commonly called the brown huntsman is a large species of spider in the Sparassidae family often found in leaf litter in Australia. The species was first described by Ludwig Carl Christian Koch in 1875.All huntsman spiders are nocturnal and H. cervina shelters under bark during the day emerging in the evening to find prey often on tree trunks. They are also known to enter houses though they are extremely timid and their bite – while painful – is only mildly toxic.
 Yellow Pearl is the only compilation album to date of songs recorded by Irish rock musician Phil Lynott. The album released in 2010 features songs taken from Lynott's two solo albums Solo in Soho and The Philip Lynott Album together with rare singles remixes and b-sides.Many members of Lynott's band Thin Lizzy appear on the album including Scott Gorham Brian Downey Snowy White Darren Wharton and Gary Moore.
 Tibbits Opera House is the second oldest theatre in Michigan having been built in 1882. Rich in history and ambiance even today the theatre offers theatre-goers nearly perfect acoustics an intimate 499-seat setting and a fine array of performances throughout the year. Barton S. Tibbits originally built the opera house with wisdom and vision. The aim was high art timeless architecture excellent acoustics splendid furnishing and the finest of entertainment.
 Girl with the Most Cake is an upcoming autobiography and memoir written by musician actress and artist Courtney Love. The book details Love's life from her wayward upbringing to her rise to prominence with her band Hole. The book also focuses on several relationships particularly her marriage to Kurt Cobain as well as her struggles with addiction. Love described the book as being not kiss-telly... It's not that.
 Oreamnus Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails leading to the lake or the Goat Creek drainage.Oreamnus Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Three Lake Limber Lake and Packrat Lake are upstream of Oreamnus Lake.
 Viva la Muerte (English: Long Live Death) is a 1971 French-Tunisian drama film shot in Tunisia and directed by Fernando Arrabal. The film released on May 12 1971 and Arrabal drew from his own childhood for inspiration for the movie. Viva la Muerte takes place at the end of the Spanish Civil War telling the story of Fando a young boy whose father was turned in to authorities as a suspected communist by his fascist-sympathizing mother. It has gained cult popularity as a midnight movie.
 Powells Creek a southern tributary of the Parramatta River is an urban stream west of Sydney Harbour located in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It flows through Sydney Olympic Park and joins Parramatta River at Homebush Bay.
 Mount Tom Taylor is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 41 km (25 mi) northeast of Tofino and 27 km (17 mi) southwest of Mount Albert Edward. This mountain is composed of granite which is nearly unique in Strathcona Provincial Park. Several multi-pitch alpine climbing routes have been established on its steep SE flanks.
 Królowe Stojło [kruˈlɔvɛ ˈstɔi̯wɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Piz Tschütta (also known as Stammerspitz) is a mountain of the Samnaun Alps overlooking Samnaun in the canton of Graubünden. With an elevation of 3254 metres (10676 ft) above sea level it is the second highest mountain of the Samnaun Alps.
 You Broke My Heart So... I Busted Your Jaw is an album by Spooky Tooth first released in 1973 on Island Records. It was the first album to be released after the band reformed following its 1970 breakup. Founding guitarist Luther Grosvenor did not rejoin the band as he had joined Mott The Hoople as a guitarist adopting the stage name of Ariel Bender. Grosvenor was replaced by Mick Jones who later co-founded Foreigner.
 Terence Francis Terry Moran AC (born 19 October 1947 in Melbourne Victoria) was as Secretary of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet the most senior official in the Australian Public Service from March 2008 to September 2011.Moran is currently the Chair of the Barangaroo Delivery Authority a Special Adviser on Public Sector Reform at the Boston Consulting Group a member of the boards of the Melbourne Theatre Company and the Cranlana Programme a Senior Adviser at Maddocks law firm a member of the Grattan Institute Board (and Chair of its Public Policy Committee) and is a governor of the Committee for Economic Development of Australia.
 The Border is a 1982 American drama film directed by Tony Richardson and starring Jack Nicholson Harvey Keitel Valerie Perrine and Warren Oates.
 The Suffolk Journal is the undergraduate student newspaper of Suffolk University since 1939. The Journal prints a 16-page weekly newspaper distributed across campus and Beacon Hill.The Journal is currently located in the Donahue building on Temple Street close to the Massachusetts State House. Students across different majors help to put the paper together every week. Students are encouraged to send in their articles or opinion pieces.
 David Andrew Campbell (born 27 July 1957) a former Australian politician was a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for Keira between 1999 and 2011. A former Lord Mayor of Wollongong Campbell was Minister for Transport in the NSW Government from 8 September 2008 until his resignation on 20 May 2010. On 28 September 2010 Campbell announced that he would not seek Labor endorsement for re-election at the 2011 NSW election.
 Pink + Green is an EP by breakcore artist Venetian Snares released in March 2007.
 The Paramount Theatre also known as the Paramount Arts Center opened in Aurora Illinois in 1931. It was designed by Rapp and Rapp in the Art Deco style with Venetian elements. Over the years it has hosted films plays musicals concerts comedy shows and other acts. The structure was restored in the 1970s and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It is part of the Stolp Island Historic District.
 The Singer is an album by Diamanda Galás released in 1992 largely featuring her versions of classic blues and gospel songs. The cover art is notable for a glamor shot of the artist which on closer inspection reveals the words We Are All HIV+ tattooed on her knuckles. The album is dedicated to People With AIDS as is much of her work.
 Halaal Ki Kamai is a 1988 Indian film.
 Cyana trigutta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Cameroon Niger and Sierra Leone.
 Still the Orchestra Plays - Greatest Hits Volume 1 & 2 is a greatest hits compilation album by the American heavy metal group Savatage released in 2010. The title for the compilation was taken from the lyrics in the title track to the band's 1989 release Gutter Ballet. It was the first release of any kind by the band in almost nine years. The final three tracks on the second disc were brand new acoustic recordings made by Jon Oliva in 2009 featuring him on lead vocals.
 Topology and its Applications is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal publishing research on topology. It was established in 1971 as General Topology and its Applications (ISSN 0016-660X) and renamed to its current title in 1980. The journal currently publishes 18 issues each year in one volume. It is indexed by Scopus Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH. Its 2004–2008 MCQ was 0.38 and its 2009 impact factor was 0.441.
 Cameroniola kryzhanovskiji is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Cameroniola.
 A Whole New Thing is the debut album of funk/soul band Sly and the Family Stone released in 1967 on Epic/CBS Records. The album was released to mixed criticism and failed to make an impact from a commercial standpoint and did not chart. CBS Records executive Clive Davis prevailed upon band leader Sly Stone to create a more commercial album; the result was the album Dance to the Music.
 Bolton Mountain is a mountain located in Chittenden County Vermont. Bolton is flanked to the north by Mount Mayo.Bolton Mountain stands within the watershed of Lake Champlain which drains into Canada's Richelieu River the Saint Lawrence River and into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence. The northeast slopes of Bolton Mountain drain into Miller Brook thence into the Little River the Winooski River and into Lake Champlain.
 High Mileage is the sixth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released on September 1 1998 and produced four hit singles on the Hot Country Songs charts for Jackson: I'll Go on Loving You (#3) Right on the Money (#1) Gone Crazy (#4) and Little Man (#3).
 Without Sinking is the second album from Icelandic artist Hildur Guðnadóttir release in 2009. Participating on the album is fellow Icelandic musicians Skúli Sverrisson and Jóhann Jóhannsson as well as her father Guðni Franzson while the mixing was done by Valgeir Sigurðsson and Hildur herself.
 Pandiya Naadu (English: Land of the Pandyans) is a 2013 Indian Tamil action film directed by Suseenthiran and produced by Vishal. The film features Vishal Vikranth and Lakshmi Menon in the lead roles while Bharathiraja and Soori play other pivotal roles. The film has music composed by D. Imman. The film received positive reviews and was successful at the box office.The movie run 100 days successfully in cinemas. It was dubbed in hindi as Shiva Ka Badla.
 Adelin [aˈdɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabrodzie within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Wyszków and 44 km (27 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 210.
 Back 2 Back Hits is a compilation album by rappers M.C. Hammer and Vanilla Ice. The album was originally released in 1998 for CEMA Special Markets and was re-released in 2006 for Capitol Records. The first five songs on the album are by M.C. Hammer and the last five are by Vanilla Ice. The 2006 release replaced Pray with Help the Children.
 Suyugüzel is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 Day of the Dead is a 1985 American horror film written and directed by George A. Romero and the third film in Romero's Dead Series being preceded by Night of the Living Dead (1968) and Dawn of the Dead (1978).Romero describes the film as a tragedy about how a lack of human communication causes chaos and collapse even in this small little pie slice of society[citation needed].This film features Sherman Howard in an early appearance as Bub and make-up artist Gregory Nicotero playing Pvt.
 Gross Reken Melchenberg Radio Tower (German: Funkturm Melchenberg Melchenberg Radio Tower) or simply the Melchenberg Radio Tower is a German concrete radio tower that is located in the municipality of Reken in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. Like the Melchenberg Observation Tower it is a lattice tower that is currently being used as means of communication. Although its construction date is unknown it was formerly used by the military. Its antenna's height is 70 metres long.
 Khalfani (Persian: خلفاني‎ also Romanized as Khalfānī) is a village in Moqam Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 60 families.
 Bansar is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2556.
 Agasanamatti is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Haveri taluk of Haveri district in Karnataka.
 Saidabad (Persian: سعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘īdābād and Saiyidābād; also known as Sa‘id Abad Kharaghan Gharbi) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District Avaj District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 24 families.
 Bell Book and Candle is a 1958 American romantic comedy film directed by Richard Quine based on the successful Broadway play by John Van Druten which stars James Stewart and Kim Novak in their second on-screen pairing (after Vertigo released earlier the same year). The film adapted by Daniel Taradash was Stewart's last film as a romantic lead.
 The Henry Darling House is an historic house located at 786 Harris Avenue in Woonsocket Rhode IslandThe house was constructed in 1865 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 26 1982.At the time of its construction this house was located on the rural outskirts of Woonsocket. Henry Darling was a farmer and his house recalls the picturesque farmsteads glorified in the Currier and Ives lithographs.
 The Crasna River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania. The Mânjeşti dam is located on the Crasna River.
 Blood and Fire (Swedish: Blod och eld) is a 1945 Swedish drama film directed by Anders Henrikson. It was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.
 Welcome Home Roxy Carmichael is a 1990 American comedy-drama film starring Winona Ryder and Jeff Daniels.
 The Science of Good and Evil is a book by Michael Shermer on ethics and evolutionary psychology. The book was published in 2004 by Henry Holt and Company under the full title The Science of Good and Evil: Why People Cheat Gossip Care Share and Follow the Golden Rule.
 Ramón Luis Cruz Burgos is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). Cruz Burgos studied in Manuel Ortiz Elementary School and attended Luis Muñoz-Marín High School. At the University of Puerto Rico Humacao Campus he studied Applied Physics. He represented Puerto Rico in several national competitions at NASA including three times in the Great Moonbuggy Race.
 Kevin Stacy Garn (born January 14 1955) is an American politician and the former Republican majority leader of the Utah House of Representatives. Until his resignation on March 13 2010 following personal disclosures he represented District 16 of Utah which covers Davis County Utah.
 Say It Again is a lost 1926 silent film comedy-romance produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released through Paramount Pictures. It starred Richard Dix and was directed by Gregory La Cava.
 The Little Book is a New York Times best-selling novel by American writer Selden Edwards. Edwards began writing the novel in 1974 worked on it for over 30 years and the manuscript was accepted by Dutton in 2007.
 Tolombeh-ye Danshaju (Persian: تلمبه دانشجو‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Dānshajū) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 11 families.
 Your Choice Live Series 037 is a live split album by indie/emo bands Texas Is the Reason and Samiam.It was recorded at Raucherkammer Wiesbaden Germany on May 28 1996. It was released three years later in 1999 two years after Texas Is the Reason disbanded. The concert was Texas is the Reason's last live show until the group's 2006 reunion.More live material by Samiam has been released on a limited (and sold out) live 7-inch that was recorded in Alzey/ Germany on March 31 1992.
 Robert William Hanbury PC (24 February 1845 – 28 April 1903) was a British Conservative politician. He served as President of the Board of Agriculture from 1900 to 1903.
 David Laperrière (May 7 1868 – May 18 1932) was a Canadian provincial politician. He was the Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Yamaska from 1923 to 1931. He was also mayor of Pierreville from 1914 to 1931.
 Mary Elizabeth Heffernan is an American attorney and former Massachusetts Secretary of Public Safety. She previously served as the Undersecretary of Criminal Justice from 2007 to 2010.
 Crawford-Gardner House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. Ellis Thayer Crawford was the senior member of Crawford and Ashby a real estate firm dealing in coal and timber lands. He and his wife built this homearound 1904. It is an American Foursquare-style house that features an intricately patterned wood floor.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as part of the South Hills Multiple Resource Area.
 Nousukausi a.k.a. Upswing is a 2003 Finland black comedy film. It is directed by Johanna Vuoksenmaa.
 Acosmeryx pseudomissa is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It was described by Mell in 1922. It is known from Thailand southern China and Vietnam.The larvae feed on Actinidia species.
 The Lesser Woolly Horseshoe Bat (Rhinolophus beddomei) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is found in India and Sri Lanka. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests caves and urban areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 World History was a compilation album by Christian rock band Mad at the World. It highlighted songs from their first six studio albums but not their last one (The Dreamland Café).
 Sazeman-e Mirza Baylu (Persian: سازمان ميرزابايلو‎ also Romanized as Sāzemān-e Mīrzā Bāylū) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Parnassius jacobsoni is a high altitude butterfly which is found only in Tajikistan and Afghanistan.It is a member of the Snow Apollo genus Parnassius of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family.
 Zulesk (Persian: زولسك‎ also Romanized as Z̄ūlesk; also known as Zahisk Zolisk and Zūleng) is a village in Momenabad Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 63 families.
 The Meaning of Night is the debut novel by author Michael Cox. Cox's book is a 600-page crime thriller novel set in Victorian England. It was one of four books picked for the shortlist for the Costa Book Awards prize for the debut novel of 2006 losing out to Stef Penney's The Tenderness of Wolves which went on to win the overall award for best novel of 2006.
 The Scandalous Adventures of Buraikan (無頼漢 Buraikan) is a 1970 Japanese film directed by Masahiro Shinoda. It was Japan's submission to the 43rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Zealandopterix zonodoxa is a moth of the Micropterigidae family. It is known from the northern North Island of New Zealand from Te Paki south to Puketitri Hawkes Bay and including Poor Knights Little Barrier and Great Barrier Islands. It inhabits a wide variety of moist indigenous forest types but usually with podocarps.Adults have been found between September and March.The forewing length is 2.6 millimetres (0.10 in) for males and 3 millimetres (0.12 in) for females.
 Fun Home (subtitled A Family Tragicomic) is a 2006 graphic memoir by American writer Alison Bechdel author of the comic strip Dykes to Watch Out For. It chronicles the author's childhood and youth in rural Pennsylvania United States focusing on her complex relationship with her father. The book addresses themes of sexual orientation gender roles suicide dysfunctional family life and the role of literature in understanding oneself and one's family.
 Mothers (Macedonian: Мајки / Majki) is a 2010 Macedonian drama film directed by Milcho Manchevski. The film was selected as the Macedonian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist. It was screened in the Main Programme of the Panorama section at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Ladies' Confederate Memorial is an American Civil War monument erected in 1874 in Lexington Cemetery in Lexington Kentucky. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 17 1997 as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky MPS. Unlike most Confederate monuments in Kentucky it represents grief rather than Southern patriotism.The Ladies Memorial and Monument Association was founded by the wife of John C.
 Patrick Enebeli Osakwe is a Nigerian senator who represents the Accord party in Delta State. He became a member of the Nigerian Senate in 1999 and was reelected in 2003 and 2007.
 The former Vassar Home for Aged Men is located at Main and Vassar streets in Poughkeepsie New York United States. It is just across the street from the architecturally similar Vassar Institute and both buildings are credited to architect J.A. Wood. In the 1970s it became the Cunneen-Hackett Arts Center.It was established in the 1880s by the nephews of Matthew Vassar founder of Vassar College as a home for elderly men but was not fully occupied until the early 20th century.
 Heartbreakin Man is an EP from Louisville Kentucky indie rock band My Morning Jacket. It was released on May 2000 by Darla Records.
 Callibryastis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae. It contains only one species Callibryastis pachnota which is found in Vietnam and India.Adults usually have almost unicolorous blackish brown forewings.
 The Knightsbridge Residences also known as The Knightsbridge Residences @ Century City is a high-end residential skyscraper to be constructed in Makati City Philippines. It will be the second of several building projects to be built in the new Century City area along Kalayaan Avenue. Upon completion it will become one of the Philippines' tallest buildings.
 Horns and Halos is the fourteenth album released by rapper Andre Nickatina and his second with rapper Equipto. It was released on May 17 2005 for Million Dollar Dream and featured production from Andre Nickatina Nick Peace Little J Sweet Geez Tone Capone and DJ Pause. Two sequels were released for the album 2005's Gun-Mouth 4 Hire: Horns and Halos Vol. 2 and 2006's Bullet Symphony: Horns and Halos 3.
 The Noah Webster House is a historic house museum located at 227 South Main Street West Hartford Connecticut. It was the home of American lexicographer Noah Webster and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1962.The house was probably built circa 1748 as part of a 120-acre (49 ha) farm and is a typical New England wooden-frame residence of that era. It has since been extended and is now 2.5 stories in height with an irregular shape.
 The Elliott Museum located at 825 N.E. Ocean Boulevard on Hutchinson Island near Stuart Florida United States focuses on art history and technology. Named after prolific inventor Sterling Elliott the museum houses permanent collections including Model AA Trucks early transportation history of Stuart and surrounding regions baseball memborabilia. In addition the museum hosts a juried art show in the fall and a juried car show in the spring. Traveling exhibits round out the schedule.
 A Million Open Doors (1992) is a science fiction novel the first book of the Thousand Cultures series by John Barnes. The story is told from the perspective of a maturing adult from a parochial culture who encounters many obstacles in a different and even more parochial culture which causes him to become a fully engaged citizen in the Interstellar culture.
 Free Will Baptist Church and Cemetery is a historic church in North Islesboro Maine.It was built in 1840 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Tangeh-ye Raz (Persian: تنگه راز‎ also Romanized as Tangeh-ye Rāz and Tangeh Rāz; also known as Tangeh-ye Zār) is a village in Raz Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 355 in 90 families.
 Ed Charbonneau has been a Republican member of the Indiana Senate since 2007.
 Sindbad is a crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Sindbad was first seen in Voyager 2 images though the southern rim has been seen by Cassini. It is located at 67° North Latitude 212° West Longitude and is 29.1 kilometers across. A large dome-like structure occupies the interior of the crater suggesting the crater has undergone significant viscous relaxation.Sindbad is named after a character from Arabian Nights.
 Triportheus is a genus of characiform fishes from South America including Trinidad.
 Angel Clare is the debut solo album by Art Garfunkel released in 1973. It is his highest charting solo album peaking at number 5 and contains his only Top 10 hit in the US All I Know which peaked at number 9. It also contained two other Top 40 hits Traveling Boy (#102 Bubbling under the Hot 100 #38 Adult Contemporary) and I Shall Sing (#38 Hot 100 #4 Adult Contemporary).
 The Batman Chronicles is a series of comics published by DC Comics from 1995 to 2001 which lasted 23 quarterly issues and a series of collections.
 Sex Pot (Italian: La pupa del gangster) is a 1975 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani.
 Ignatów [iɡˈnatuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Kamień 8 km (5 mi) east of Chełm and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Pseudohemiodon platycephalus is a species of armored catfish native to Argentina and Brazil particularly in the Paraguay River basin. This species can grow to 18 centimetres (7.1 in) in length SL.
 The Renown Regional Medical Center in Reno Nevada United States began in 1862 when Washoe Clinic was founded. In 1864 after Nevada became a state Washoe County Hospital was opened. In 1984 ownership of Washoe Medical Center was transferred to a private not-for-profit corporation named the Washoe Health System and became become Renown Health in 2006.
 Aliyak (Persian: عليك‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīyak and ‘Alīak) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District in the Central District of Khoshab County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 761 in 210 families.
 Don't Look Up known as Joyû-rei (女優霊 lit. Ghost Actress) in Japan is a 1996 Japanese horror film directed by Hideo Nakata. The film received a Hollywood remake in 2009 directed by Fruit Chan and starring Rachael Murphy Reshad Strik and Eli Roth.
 Wild Willy Barrett's Mound of Sound is the 5th solo album by Wild Willy Barrett; released in 1997 it is a collection of newly-written folk songs. The album features contributions from fellow Buckinghamshire guitarist John Cadman and Bad Attitude a collective made up of Carl Taylor and Stephen Two-Names; Barrett's side-man on his 3rd solo album Organic Bondage.All songs written and composed by Barrett and Painter except where stated.
 Erebor Mons is a mountain on Titan the largest moon of the planet Saturn. It is located near Titan's equator between 4-5° south and 35-36° west within the Quivira region.Erebor Mons is named after Erebor the Lonely Mountain that appears in J. R. R. Tolkien's fictional world of Middle-earth most prominently in The Hobbit. The name follows a convention that Titanean mountains are after mountains in Tolkien's work. It was formally announced on November 13 2012.
 Mazraeh-ye Akarmi (Persian: مزرعه اكرمي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ākramī) is a village in Shirkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 5 families.
 Monthly Review established in 1949 is an independent socialist journal published monthly in New York City. As of 2013 the publication remains the longest continuously published socialist magazine in the United States of America.
 Thomas Lewis Jr. January 26 1760–1847) was an American politician from Rockingham County Virginia. He represented Virginia in the U.S. House in 1803 and 1804.Thomas Jr. was the son of Thomas and Jane (Strother) Lewis and was born on his father's plantation of Lynwood in what was then Augusta County.Although he served nearly a year in Congress his election had been contested by Andrew Moore.
 Blue Cliff Monastery is a 80-acre (0.32 km2) Buddhist monastery located in Pine Bush New York. It was founded in May 2007 by monastic and lay practitioners from Plum Village in France.The monastery is under the direction of Thich Nhat Hanh's Order of Interbeing in the Vietnamese Zen tradition.
 Stara Kopernia [ˈstara kɔˈpɛrɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Żagań and 35 km (22 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mohan Jena (born 14 July 1957) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Jajpur constituency of Orissa and is a member of the Biju Janata Dal (BJD) political party.
 NTT Medical Center Tokyo (NTT東日本関東病院) is a general hospital located in the Gotanda district of Shinagawa Tokyo Japan. It was founded as Kanto Teishin Hospital for employees of NTT Public Corporation in 1952 and was opened to general public in 1986. The present hospital building was renovated in 2000. It was accredited by Joint Commission International in 2011.
 Mercury: The Afterlife and Times of a Rock God is a monodrama written by Charles Messina about the life and death of Queen lead singer Freddie Mercury. It presents Mercury in the moments just after his death during which he is confronted with self-examination as he seeks redemption before a God unimpressed by his celebrity.
 The McLeod Building is a historic office building located in Downtown Edmonton. It was designated a Provincial Historic Resource on January 3 1995 and a Municipal Historic Resource on May 22 2001.
 Beat Boys in the Jet Age was the debut album by English mod revival band The Lambrettas. It included the band's hit cover version of the song Poison Ivy which reached #7 in the UK Singles Chart. The band would continue this success with the release of their own Da-a-ance reaching #12 in the UK Singles Chart. The album reached #28 on the UK Albums Chart and scored another minor hit single Another Day (Another Girl) which reached #45 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Kavich (Persian: كويچ‎ also Romanized as Kavīch) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District Meshgin-e Sharqi District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 569 in 151 families.
 The Cosmina River is a tributary of the Mislea River in Romania.
 Der alte und der junge König (The Old and the Young King) is a German historical film by Hans Steinhoff made under Nazi rule in 1935.The film ostensibly deals with the intense conflict between Prussian King Friedrich Wilhelm I and his son and heir Crown Prince Friedrich - the future King Friedrich II The Great.
 Live from London is an album from R.E.M. that was released only on iTunes on March 26 2008. It is one of several releases in the Live from London series.
 The H. S. M. Spielman House at 1103 I St. in Tekamah Nebraska is a historic house that was built in 1906. It has also been known as the Chamberlain House and has been denoted NeHBS #BT06-2.
 Cordillera de Apaneca is a volcanic mountain range in western El Salvador. It consists mainly of volcanoes.
 Holberg is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 61 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Holberg is named for the Danish writer Ludvig Holberg who lived from 1684 to 1754.
 Cinguloterebra russetae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 The Owen Chapel Church of Christ is a property in Brentwood Tennessee that was built in c.1860 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It includes Greek Revival and Vernacular Greek Revival architecture.As of 1988 it was one of only two brick churches in Williamson County that were built before the American Civil War and survived besides churches in the city of Franklin.
 The Funtenseetauern is a 2579 m high border peak between Germany and Austria on the northern edge of the Steinernes Meer one of the nine massifs of the Berchtesgaden Alps. The Funtenseetauern rises south of Berchtesgaden its broad shoulder towering over the lakes of Königssee and Obersee.
 Andrew McLean is an American politician from Maine. McLean a Democrat was elected to the Maine House of Representatives in 2012. He represents the 129th House District which includes part of Gorham.He is openly gay. He is one of five openly gay members of the Maine Legislature alongside Reps. Justin Chenette (D–Saco) Matt Moonen (D–Portland) Terry Morrison (D–South Portland) and Craig Hickman (D–Winthrop).
 The River Dane flows through Cheshire in the northwest England.The river rises close to the source of the River Goyt just to the south west of Buxton on Axe Edge Moor. Flowing southwest it forms the border between Cheshire Derbyshire and Staffordshire for around 10 miles (16 km) before flowing west through Congleton and past Holmes Chapel.The point on the river where the three counties meet at Panniers' Pool Bridge is called the Three Shire Heads (often wrongly Three Shires Head).
 Chondrula tridens is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Enidae.
 Pol-e Parzin (Persian: پل پرزين‎ also Romanized as Pol-e Parzīn) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District in the Central District of Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 297 in 52 families.
 The Shadow Line is the sixth studio album by the industrial rock band Godhead released on August 29 2006.In 2005 frontman Jason C. Miller invited James O'Connor to return as the band's drummer to which he accepted. Following the completion of The Shadow Line however O'Connor departed from the group for a second time.Trapped In Your Lies served as the album's lead-single. It was followed by Push and Hey You.
 Kottappally is a village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala India.Kottappally is beautiful village with an inner town .The Mahe-Vadakara Canal is passing through this way and it is said that the work will finish almost about 2015 .As in Kerala Malayalam is the language .The place is in Thiruvallur Panchayath .The place was most of fields before the developments of Kottappally .The town is filled with many shops and groceries .Kottappally is coming after Chemmarathur a place near Vadakara .
 Willem Werner Hubert Willy Claes (Dutch: [ˈβ̞ɪli klaˑs]; born 24 November 1938) is a former Belgian politician who served as the eighth Secretary General of NATO from 1994 to 1995. Claes was a member of the Flemish Socialist Party.Claes was born in Hasselt Belgium. He graduated in political and diplomatic sciences at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel (VUB).Willy Claes began his political career in the Hasselt city council. In 1968 he was elected to the national parliament.
 Zagłada Żydów. Studia i Materiały/Holocaust Studies and Materials is an academic yearbook created in the circle of scholars and researchers from the Polish Center for Holocaust research. It is an annual entirely devoted to the topics connected with the broadly understood Holocaust research. Journal addressed not only to academic scholars dealing with the Holocaust research but also to college and university students as well as wider audience interested in this topic.
 The Storm King Highway is a three-mile (4.8 km) segment of New York State Route 218 (NY 218) between Lee Road in the Town of Highlands at the south end and the Cornwall-on-Hudson village line in Orange County New York in the United States.
 General Urquiza is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina. It is located within the department San Ignacio. The town runs from the coast of Paraná River and the National Road No. 12. General Urquiza is located on the coast of Paraná and settled the major population centers: Puerto Menocchio Port of Spain Puerto Lapacho and Gisela Cologne.
 Eph is an album by Fridge released Spring 1999. It was their first (and only) album for the Go! Beat label.The album was reissued in North America in 2002 on Temporary Residence Limited with an additional CD consisting of two EPs released in the same year (Kinoshita Terasaka and remixes of Of by the band themselves) plus two more recent remixes.
 James R. Plunkett is an American politician who served as Mayor of Everett Massachusetts from 1966 to 1968.Plunkett began his political career as a member of the Everett Common Council where he served two terms. In 1961 he was elected to the Everett Board of Alderman as an at-large member.In 1965 Plunkett ran for Mayor. He defeated fellow Alderman George R. McCarthy 9858 votes to 9405. He was sworn into office on January 3 1966.
 Gordon Derrick is the General Secretary of the Antigua and Barbuda Football Assicition. He was appointed to the position in April 2004. He is currently the President of the Caribbean Football Union. He was appointed to the position in May 2012 replacing the Trinidadian Jack Warner.Derrick is also a director of the Antigua Commercial Bank.
 Socialist Studies/Études socialistes is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Society for Socialist Studies. Its articles take a critical look at and offer solutions to various forms of social economic and political injustice.Socialist Studies/Études socialistes was established in 2005 and in fall 2008 it became an online open access e-journal.
 The Gambian Epauletted Fruit Bat (Epomophorus gambianus) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family.The species is known to travel in packs and are also known to be tropical. It is found in Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ethiopia Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Mali Niger Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone Sudan and Togo.
 Four Seasons Hotel Baltimore is a highrise hotel complex building which opened on November 14 2011. The building's construction began back in 2007 and went through several changes. Developers originally planned the project as two towers with a portion for residences. The hotel now occupies just one of the towers with the second being used as the Legg Mason Tower.
 Olympic Garage (Spanish: Garage Olimpo) is a 1999 Argentine drama film directed by Marco Bechis.The film was produced by Marco Bechis Enrique Piñeyro (from Argentina) Amedeo Pagani (Italy) and Eric Heumann (France). Executive producers Daniel Burman and Diego Dubcovsky.The picture is about a young politically active Argentine woman who is kidnapped by the military during Argentina's Dirty War in the late 1970s.
 Gürpınar is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 303 people.
 Balat is a village in the District of Didim Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1110 people.
 Monsieur Gainsbourg Revisited is a tribute album to the works of late French singer/songwriter Serge Gainsbourg. First released on Virgin Records in 2006 it consists of English language cover versions of Gainsbourg songs performed by a diverse array of contemporary artists. Gainsbourg's former wife Jane Birkin sang on one track.
 The Răpciunița River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. It flows into Lake Izvorul Muntelui near Ceahlău.
 The Conness Glacier is on the steep northeast cirque of Mount Conness east of the Sierra Nevada crest in the U.S. state of California. The glacier is situated at about 11548 feet (3520 m). and can be seen from Saddlebag Lake to the east. The glacier is the largest glacier in the Sierra Nevada north of Tioga Pass or Highway 120.
 Amblyapistus taenionotus is a Scorpionfish from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 15cm in length.
 Days and Nights of Love and War (Spanish: Días y Noches de Amor y de Guerra) is a 1978 book by Uruguayan writer Eduardo Galeano. It was published in English translation in 1982 by Monthly Review Press. Structured as a series of fragments the book varies in tone from straight journalism to expressionism and poetic lyricism and in genre from short story to aphorism to biography. It established the formal and thematic qualities of Galeano's prose and won the Casa de las Américas Prize in 1978.
 Summon the Thunder is the second novel in the Star Trek: Vanguard series revolving around the Federation Starbase 47 otherwise known as Vanguard.
 The Colorado Amphitheater also known as Structure #41 is a natural stone amphitheater built in 1935 to serve Camp George West of the Colorado National Guard. It is located near the base of South Table Mountain a mesa located just east of Golden Colorado.Built under the auspices of commander Neil West Kimball grandson of the general for whom the camp was named it was constructed as a project of the Works Progress Administration.
 Piazzi Smyth is a small lunar impact crater in the eastern part of the Mare Imbrium. This is an isolated feature located about 100 kilometers to the southwest of the Montes Alpes mountain range. To the southeast of this crater is Mons Piton an isolated mountain that rises to a height of 2.3 km and occupies a diameter of about 25 km.This crater is a nicely circular feature with a rim and interior that have not been significantly modified by impacts.
 Ch'illkayuq (Quechua ch'illka baccharis -yuq a suffix to indicate possession the one that has got baccharis or the one with baccharis hispanicized spelling Chilcayoc) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 3347 metres (10981 ft) high. It is situated in the Valley of the Volcanoes in the Arequipa Region Castilla Province Andagua District. Ch'illkayuq lies west of the Chachas Lake and north of the volcano Hich'apita.
 Starpeace is Yoko Ono's 1985 concept album designed to spread a message of peace around the world as an opposition to Ronald Reagan's Star Wars missile defense system. As with most Ono albums it did not chart extensively but the single release of Hell in Paradise reached #16 on the US dance charts.
 The St. Pancras Renaissance London Hotel is a hotel in the English city of London forming the frontispiece of St Pancras railway station. It opened in 2011 but occupies much of the former Midland Grand Hotel designed by George Gilbert Scott which opened in 1873 and closed in 1935.
 The S. Curtis Smith House is a historic house at 56 Fairmont Avenue in Newton Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1883 and is one of Newton's finest Queen Anne Victorian houses. It exhibits a full range of that style's features including asymmetrical massing with numerous and varied gables a tower with an octagonal arched roof bands of different types of shingling and an ornately decorated front portico. The house was built for S.
 Col de Portel (el. 1432 m.) is a mountain pass in the French Pyrenees between Saint-Girons and Foix in the massif de l'Arize.
 Udayagiri (ଉଦୟଗିରି ଗୁମ୍ଫା) is a Buddhist complex in Odisha composed of major stupas and monasteries (viharas) similar to Ratnagiri and together with Lalitgiri and Ratnagiri part of Puspagiri University. As per epigraphical artifacts found here its historical name was “Madhavapura Mahavihara.”Numerous excavations by the A.S.I. have been conducted since 1958 and continue to this day.
 Dehbar (Persian: دهبر‎) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Batman: Digital Justice is a graphic novel published by DC Comics in 1990 in both hardback and paperback forms. It was written and illustrated by Pepe Moreno entirely using computer hardware software and techniques. The story takes place outside regular DC continuity but is not an Elseworlds title.
 Perithinus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Arslanagića Most (Cyrillic: Арсланагића Мост) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Seathwaite Fell is an area of the Lake District in Cumbria England. It stands above the hamlet of the same name at the head of Borrowdale.
 Faragheh (Persian: فراغه‎ also Romanized as Farāgheh and Ferāghah; also known as Ferāgha) is a village in Faragheh Rural District in the Central District of Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 994 in 272 families.
 Smrk (Polish: Smrek; German: Tafelfichte) is the highest mountain in the Czech part of the Jizera Mountains. Rising 1124 m (3688 ft) it is sometimes known as The King of the Jizera mountains
 Corliss-Brackett House also known as Charles Brackett House is an historic house at 45 Prospect Street in Providence Rhode IslandThe Italian Villa style house was built in 1875 by George Henry Corliss inventor of the Corliss Steam Engine. It was later acquired by his relative Charles Brackett a screenwriter who donated the house to Brown University in 1955. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. From 1973-2013 the house served as the Admission Office for Brown.
 Buried Fire is a fantasy novel by Jonathan Stroud first published in 1999 by Corgi. It was initially part of the Fire Chronicles but later the series was disbanded by the publisher.
 La Prevoyante (1970–1974) was a Canadian-bred Thoroughbred race horse elected to the Racing Halls of Fame in the United States and Canada.
 Working Man's Café is a solo album released on 22 October 2007 in the UK by Ray Davies formerly lead singer and songwriter of The Kinks. A day earlier on 21 October a ten track promotional copy of the album (minus bonus tracks Hymn for a New Age and The Real World) was given away with the Sunday Times newspaper in the UK. The album was released in the US on New West/Ammal Records on 19 February 2008.
 Kangan (Persian: گنگان‎ also Romanized as Kangān; also known as Gangān and Gankān) is a village in Kangan Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 47 families.
 Baldevins bröllop (English: Baldevin's wedding) is a Swedish comedy film from 1938.The film was written by Edvard Persson and Gideon Wahlberg and directed by Emil A. Lingheim and Gideon Wahlberg.
 Brasiliothelphusa tapajoensis is a species of freshwater crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae and the only species in the genus Brasiliothelphusa. It was described in 1986 from specimens caught in the Rio Tapajós in the state of Pará Brazil. It is listed as Data Deficient on the IUCN Red List.
 Play Girl is a 1941 film of the romantic comedy genre starring Kay Francis as an aging gold digger who decides to pass on her skills to a young protegée and featuring James Ellison Mildred Coles Nigel Bruce Margaret Hamilton and Katherine Alexander.
 The Journal of Marriage and Family is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the National Council on Family Relations. It was established in 1939 as Living renamed to Marriage and Family Living in 1941 and obtained its current title in 1964. The current editor-in-chief is R. Kelly Raley (University of Texas at Austin).
 Bárðar saga Snæfellsáss (About this sound listen ) or Bárðar saga Snæfellsáss ok Gests is a late saga of the Icelanders with legendary elements. It falls into two sections one about Bárðr and the other about his son Gestr; the first part takes place in Snæfellsnes in Iceland.
 Saurita admota is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1931. It is found in Brazil.
 American Idol Season 10 Highlights: Haley Reinhart is an extended play made exclusively for Walmart released by Haley Reinhart an American Idol tenth season finalist composed of her most successful iTunes songs from her time on American Idol plus an additional recording of You Oughta Know. It was released on June 28 2011 through 19 Entertainment and Interscope Records.
 Sally's Apizza is a famed pizzeria in the Wooster Square neighborhood of New Haven Connecticut. It along with its neighbor Pepe's is often cited by aficionados in debates over the world's best pizza.
 All in Time is the debut album of Swedish progressive rock band Mister Kite. It included a guest solo by Mattias IA Eklundh of Freak Kitchen.
 Edelmiro A. Amante Sr. (April 21 1933 – March 10 2013) was a Filipino politician.
 Day the World Ended (1955) was the fourth film directed by Roger Corman. Rick (Richard Denning) is a heroic scientist who among others must face off against a mutant monster (Paul Blaisdell) after an atomic war destroys human civilization. Chet Huntley of NBC later of The Huntley-Brinkley Report narrates.The film is referred to in a 2001 horror film of the same title The Day the World Ended.
 Étienne Blanchard (April 1 1843 – September 25 1918) was a Canadian politician.Born in Saint-Jean-Baptiste Canada East Blanchard was mayor of Saint-Marc in 1890 and 1891. He was the member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Verchères from 1897 to 1908.
 The US Post Office–Medford Main is a historic post office at 20 Forest Street in Medford Massachusetts.The post office was built in 1937 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Sierra del Mugrón is a 16.6 km (10 mi) long mountain range located between the Valle de Cofrentes (Valencian: Vall de Cofrents) comarca Valencian Community and Almansa Castile-La Mancha Spain. It is an isolated range between the Iberian System and the Cordillera Prebética. Its highest point is 1209 m.
 Heat is the sixth album by Australian rock singer Jimmy Barnes. It reached number 2 on the ARIA album charts in 1993 and features the singles Sweat It Out Stand Up Right By Your Side and his biggest solo hit Stone Cold a never-used Cold Chisel song written by Don Walker in the early '80s.
 Cycloneda sanguinea is a widespread species of ladybird beetle in the Americas.
 As One is the sixteenth studio album by the funk band Kool and the Gang released in 1982. The album did not yield any #1 singles but the song Let's Go Dancin' (~4:00) did make the top ten peaking at #7 on the U.S. R&B chart and #6 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Milanovo is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 273 people.
 Łady [ˈwadɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Iłów 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Sochaczew and 65 km (40 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Mohamedraza Hassanali Dharamsi (born 18 July 1962) popularly known as Mohamed Raza is a Zanzibari businessman and CCM politician currently representing the Uzini constituency in the Zanzibar House of Representatives.
 Dhamja is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2571 and had 497 houses in the village.Only some basic developmental infrastructure are on its way to Dhamja. Most people are dependent to the traditional agriculture for their living. Millet Barley Rice Wheat and different kind of seasonal fruits and vegetables are the major crops.
 Red Leaves / 紅葉 is an English-language and Japanese bilingual literary magazine.
 The Gan River (simplified Chinese: 赣江; traditional Chinese: 贛江; pinyin: Gàn Jiāng Gan: Kōm-kong) travels 885 km (550 mi) north through the western part of Jiangxi before flowing into Lake Poyang and thence into the Yangtze River.
 The New American Story is a book written by former United States Senator and 2000 presidential hopeful Bill Bradley and first published on March 27 2007. The book offers workable solutions to the old American stories about economy oil entitlements and party politics.
 Nagy-Milic in Hungarian or Veľký Milič in Slovak is the highest peak of the Hungarian part of the Zemplén Mountains which is part of the Carpathian Mountains. The mountain is situated on the border of Hungary and Slovakia. It is 894 metres tall and is near the northernmost point of Hungary.
 The Branson Tri-Lakes News is the local newspaper covering Branson Taney County and Stone County in Missouri and traces its roots to the oldest publications in Taney County.Since 2009 it has only been printed twice a week (Wednesdays and Saturdays) but previously was published five times a week. In 1992 the Taney County Republican merged with the Branson Beacon the White River Leader and the Southwest Missourian to form the Branson Tri-Lakes Daily News.
 Representative Laura Hall is an elected official in the Alabama Legislature representing House District 19 as a Democrat.
 Lophothalaina is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Jošava (Cyrillic: Јошава) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Adam T. Bradley (born July 13 1961) is a Democratic former New York State Assemblyman and former Mayor of the City of White Plains.
 Hyakko (ヒャッコ) is a Japanese manga created by Haruaki Katō. It started serialization on Flex Comix's free web comic FlexComix Blood on January 16 2007. An anime adaptation produced by Nippon Animation was first aired in October 2008 in Japan. An OVA was released on October 17 2009.
 Mr. Ouija is a mixtape by rapper Bizzy Bone released by Sicness.net. All the tracks were recorded in 2006-07.This album is the ruthless album remixed with these new beats.
 Bring Him Home is a studio album by Alfie Boe released on 27 December 2010 by Decca Records.
 The splendid toadfish Sanopus splendidus also called the coral toadfish and the Cozumel splendid toadfish is a species of toadfish entirely endemic to the island of Cozumel. Commonly found under coral outcroppings. Dens can be spotted by the sloping sand patch. They are very difficult to coax out in the open.Unlike any other member of the toadfish family the splendid toadfish is distinctive for its vibrant colors.
 Fraten is the fourth album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle. It was released in 1997 by Metamorphos.
 Prairie Home Invasion is a first album released by Jello Biafra with Mojo Nixon in 1994. The title is play on the popular public radio program A Prairie Home Companion. There was also a single released for Will The Fetus Be Aborted? which included an outtake from this album entitled The Lost World and a parody of Billy Ray Cyrus's Achy Breaky Heart entitled Achy Rakey Heart as B-Sides.
 Chopping Machine is the debut album by the stoner rock band Colour Haze released in 1995.
 Underworld is a 1997 comedy thriller film that was directed by Roger Christian and stars Denis Leary Joe Mantegna and Annabella Sciorra.
 Mahulia is a town in East Singhbhum district Jharkhand India.
 The Unborn 2 is a horror sequel to the 1991 film The Unborn. It was directed by Rick Jacobson and written by Rob Kerchner and Daniella Purcell.
 Cambaroides dauricus is a species of crayfish endemic to north-eastern China the Korean Peninsula and neighbouring parts of Russia.
 Lilika (Serbian: Лилика) is a 1970 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Branko Plesa. The film won the Golden Leopard at the Locarno International Film Festival.
 George Maxwell Richards TC CM (born 1 December 1931) was the fourth President of Trinidad and Tobago in office from 2003 to 2013. A chemical engineer by training Richards was Principal of the St. Augustine campus of the University of the West Indies in Trinidad in 1996. He previously worked for Shell Trinidad Ltd before joining the University of the West Indies in 1965. He was sworn into office on 17 March 2003 for a five-year term.
 Camera Camera was a 1981 album by progressive rock band Renaissance.
 Majdan [ˈmai̯dan] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Baranowo 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 107 km (66 mi) north of Warsaw.
 The Saint is the title of a mystery novel by Burl Barer published by Pocket Books in 1997. It was based upon the screenplay for the film The Saint which in turn was loosely based upon the character Simon Templar created by Leslie Charteris. Val Kilmer portrayed Templar and is pictured on the book's front cover.This was the first book featuring Templar since Salvage for the Saint ended the original series of books (which began in 1928) in 1983.
 Mount Chilalo is an isolated extinct silicic volcanic mountain in southeastern Ethiopia. The highest point in the Arsi Zone of the Oromia Region and located on the border between the Hitosa and Tiyo woreda this mountain has a latitude and longitude of 07°55′N 39°16′E with an elevation of 4036 metres (13241 ft) above sea level.The mountain has an elliptical base (about 30 by 20 kilometers) whose major axis lies NNE-SSW or parallel to the predominant tectonic trend.
 Paranormal Entity is an 2009 American supernatural horror film written directed by and starring Shane Van Dyke and produced by The Asylum in 2009. It is one of many films dubbed as a mockbuster a movie designed to capitalize on the success of a more popular film. Paranormal Entity is a copycat of the successful low-budget horror film Paranormal Activity. The film was followed by an indirect sequel. 8213: Gacy House (aka Paranormal Entity 2).
 Amok is the first full-length album by Elephant Six musician The Late B.P. Helium. It was released in 2004 on Orange Twin Records.
 Flare is a science fiction novel by Roger Zelazny and Thomas Thurston Thomas published in 1992.Flare describes the world as it may be in 2081 and the effects a future inter-planetary civilization would suffer if a solar flare occurred after almost 100 years without any solar activity.The book takes a scientific approach to the idea including almost no tangible story line.
 Ocypode cordimanus is a species of crab in the family Ocypodidae sometimes called the smooth-handed ghost crab. It is widely distributed in the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean.
 Arie Frederik Lasut (Kapataran July 6 1918 – Pakem May 7 1949) is regarded as a national hero in Indonesia because of his involvement in the struggle for independence and his efforts to advance Indonesia’s mining and geological infrastructure during the nation’s beginnings. Arie Lasut was born in Kapataran a village in the regency of Minahasa in the province of North Sulawesi. He was the eldest son of eight children born to Darius Lasut and Ingkan Supit.
 The Cathedral of St. Anthony of Padua (Lithuanian: Telšių Šv. Antano Paduviečio katedra) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Telšiai Lithuania seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Telšiai.
 William J. Healy II (born c. 1963) is the mayor of Canton Ohio.Mayor William J. Healy II was elected to his first term as Mayor of the City of Canton on November 6 2007. Before becoming Mayor he was elected in 2004 and 2006 to represent the 52nd District of the Ohio House of Representatives which includes all of Canton and parts of Stark County.Mayor Healy is a 1981 graduate of Canton McKinley Senior High School.
 In a Flesh Aquarium is the second full-length album by Canadian avant-garde extreme metal band uneXpect. It was released on August 22 2006 through The End Records. This is the first album to include Landryx as the new drummer and the last album to feature Le Bateleur on violin.SyriaK wrote all lyrics except Megalomaniac Trees by Artagoth and The Shiver by ChaotH.
 Montes Archimedes is a mountain range on the Moon. It is named after the crater Archimedes that lies to the north which in turn has an eponym of the Greek mathematician Archimedes.This group of mountains is located on a plateau in the eastern part of the Mare Imbrium a lunar mare in the northwest quadrant of the Moon's near side. They are bounded on the eastern side by the Palus Putredinis a small mare and to the north by Archimedes.
 Saint Camber is a historical fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Ballantine Books in 1978. It was the fifth of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published and the second book in her second Deryni trilogy The Legends of Camber of Culdi. The Legends trilogy serves as prequels to The Chronicles of the Deryni series that Kurtz wrote from 1970 to 1973 and it details the events that occurred two centuries before the Chronicles trilogy.
 Sedco Hills is the informal name for the section of the Temescal Mountains east of Sedco Hills California taken from the CDP Sedco Hills California in Riverside County California. They lie south of the San Jacinto River and west of Cottonwood Canyon Creek and north of Bundy Canyon. Its heights are over 1800 feet most from the middle of the range to the south over 2000 feet high. The highest elevation is 2432 foot Wildomar Peak at the south end of the range overlooking Bundy Canyon.
 Phryganeopsis are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Phryganeopsis brunnea which is found in California.
 Harmancık is a village in the District of Beypazarı Ankara Province Turkey.
 The 2005 Philips boxed set Swingle Singers is a compilation of all eleven of the Paris-based Swingle Singers' recordings made for Philips between 1963 and 1972. Ten of the eleven disks included in this boxed set had also been re-issued previously by Philips (Emarcy) in five two-fer compilation sets over the preceding five years.
 The Poisoners was the first Matt Helm novel of the 1970s. It was first published in 1971 as the thirteenth novel in the spy series by Donald Hamilton.
 Bisalla is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4222 people living in 748 individual households.
 Euxesta nitidiventris is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Tephritidae.
 Before Pastoral: Theocritus and the Ancient Tradition of Bucolic Poetry is a 1983 book about Theocritus by classicist David M. Halperin. The work was praised by literary scholar Camille Paglia.
 Ladder Creek is a 230-mile-long (370 km) stream that flows from a source in Cheyenne County Colorado to a confluence with the Smoky Hill River in Logan County Kansas.Ladder Creek also known locally as Beaver Creek was named by a surveying party who found a ladder imbedded in the grass by the creek almost hidden. When they tried to pull it out it broke to pieces. It was a great mystery what use a ladder could be to any one out there.
 The Daredevil's Manual is a book written by Ben Ikenson and published by Pan Macmillan. It describes various daredevil acts and a vague guide on how to do them. It also gives quotes from the people that perform the acts and usually a diagram or labelled picture accompanies the guide.Along with the articles there is always a warning about the dangers associated with the act.
 Six Silver Strings is the thirtieth studio blues album by B.B. King released in 1985.
 Custom Builder is a trade publication and web site owned by Reed Business Information serving the information needs of firms in the residential building industry.Established in 1991 Custom Builder magazine was originally published bimonthly. From January 2006 a seventh issue in April was added to their editorial calendar.Common topics in the magazine include design ideas business builder solutions and innovations.
 This article is about the building. To learn more about the state legislature see Karnataka Legislative Assembly and Karnataka Legislative Council.The Vidhana Soudha located in Bengaluru (Bangalore) is the seat of the state legislature of Karnataka. It is an imposing building constructed in a style sometimes described as Mysore Neo-Dravidian and incorporates elements of Indo-Saracenic and Dravidian styles. The construction was completed in 1956.
 Crocopteryx is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 After the Fox (Italian: Caccia alla volpe) is a 1966 British-Italian comedy film starring Peter Sellers and directed by Vittorio De Sica. The screenplay is in English by Neil Simon and De Sica's longtime collaborator Cesare Zavattini.Despite its notable credits the film was poorly received when it was released. It has since gained a cult following for its numerous in-jokes skewering pompous directors (including Cecil B.
 Trogocraspis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Market Street Historic District is located in Salem Salem County New Jersey United States. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 10 1975.
 Ange En Concert: Par Les Fils De Mandrin (Millésimé 77) is a Live album by the French progressive rock band Ange. It presents the rest of the concert included in Tome VI : Live 1977. It was released in 2003.
 Cannery Row is a novel by American author John Steinbeck published in 1945. It is set during the Great Depression in Monterey California on a street lined with sardine canneries that is known as Cannery Row.
 Netechma anterofascia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.The wingspan is 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream suffused with ferruginous. The hindwings are cream tinged with brownish at the apex area and strigulated with grey.
 Easy Virtue is a 1928 British silent romance film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Isabel Jeans Franklin Dyall and Ian Hunter. The movie is loosely based on the 1924 play Easy Virtue by Noël Coward. It was made at the Islington Studios in London. The film's art direction is by Clifford Pember.
 The Painted Word is the fourth album by English punk new wave band Television Personalities.
 Rafael Carlos Baltazar Buenaventura (August 5 1938 - November 30 2006) was a prominent banker in the Philippines and one-time governor of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (from 1999 to 2005); he served under two Philippine presidents during one of the most tumultuous political transitions in the country’s history.Known for his fierce independence Buenaventura was often targeted for removal from public office throughout his six-year term.
 The Lilac was a Coast Guard lighthouse tender currently located in New York City. It was built in 1933 at the Pusey & Jones Shipyard in Wilmington Delaware. In the 1950s she assisted several ships that collided. Decommissioned in 1972 she was donated to the Harry Lundeburg Seamanship School of Seafarers International Union. She was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 7 2005. She is a museum ship docked at Pier 25 near North Moore Street in Manhattan.
 Ascents is the first solo project by Dennis Bayne Culp formerly of Five Iron Frenzy and Brave Saint Saturn. The album is a collection of psalms that Dennis put to music over a period of time in the 1990s. Inspired by Eugene Peterson's book A Long Obedience in the Same Direction Dennis was touched so much by these psalms (120-131) that he endeavored to express them with music and to convey their impact on his life.
 Proctor Crater is a large crater in the Noachis quadrangle of Mars located at 48° south latitude and 330.5° west longitude. It is 168.2 km (104.5 mi) in diameter and was named after Richard A. Proctor a British astronomer (1837–1888). The crater contains a 35 x 65 km dark dune field. It was one of the first sand dune fields ever recognized on Mars based on Mariner 9 images. The crater's dunes are being monitored by HiRISE to identify changes over time.
 Sørfjorden Church (Norwegian: Sørfjorden kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Rødøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Sørfjorden. The church is part of the Rødøy indre parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1916 and it seats about 230 people. It was designed by architect O.M. Olsen.
 Timothy Logan McCurdy (born 16 January 1963) is an Australian politician and has been the member for Murray Valley in the Victorian Legislative Assembly since 2010.
 Worlds of Wonder is a collection of three science fiction works by Olaf Stapledon: a short novel a novella and a short story. It was published in 1949 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 500 copies. All of the stories had originally been published in Britain.
 George Guillet (July 19 1840 – January 20 1926) was a Canadian politician.Born in Cobourg Upper Canada the son of John Guillet and Charlotte Payne his father was born in Saint Helier Jersey Channel Islands and his mother was born in Frome Somerset England. Guillet was educated at the public schools and at a private school of John Wilson.
 Chace Mills is a historic textile mill site on Lewiston and Salem Streets in Fall River Massachusetts. In 1872 the mill was organized and built for the manufacture of cotton cloth with a capacity of 43480 spindles. It was constructed of native Fall River Granite in the Italianate style. Augustus Chace served as the company's first president. The 6-1/2 story granite mill is the tallest in the city. In 1895 a two-story granite addition measuring 310 feet by 120 feet was built for weaving.
 The Post-Birthday World is a novel by Lionel Shriver published in 2007 some four years after her previous novel the award winning We Need To Talk About Kevin.
 New Review of Film and Television Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering current research in the humanities that makes a contribution to film and television studies. The editor is Warren Buckland. It was established in 2003 and is published by Routledge.
 Khanar is a model VDC village development committee in Sunsari District in the Koshi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 20323 people living in 5130 individual households. It lies 4 km south from Itahari Municipality and 6 km north from Duhabi vdc. Khanar is an industrial vdc with hundreds of industries. It is divided into 9 wards.
 St Thomas' Church Milnthorpe is located in the village of Milnthorpe Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle.
 The Yucatán Mushroomtongue Salamander (Bolitoglossa yucatana) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in Belize and Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Hardman IOOF Lodge Hall (also known as the Hardman Community Center and the Lone Balm Lodge #82) is a meeting hall in the ghost town of Hardman in the U.S. state of Oregon. Completed in 1900 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.The two-story structure has a stone foundation a wooden frame a false front extending above the roof line and Italianate details.
 The Culicinae are the most extensive subfamily of mosquitoes (Culicidae) and has species in every continent except Antarctica but are highly concentrated in tropical areas. Mosquitoes are best known as parasites to many vertebrate animals and vectors for disease. They are holometabolous insects and most species lay their eggs in stagnant water to benefit their aquatic larval stage.
 Osman Saleh Mohammed was the first Minister of Education for Eritrea following Independence serving in that position from 1993 to 2007. He has overseen the transition from the revolutionary EPLF school system to a national education system. Osman Saleh Mohammed was also responsible for the Ministry of Education's relocation of all 12th grades in the country to the Warsay Yika'alo School at Sawa.In April 2007 he was moved to head the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
 Mordella robusta is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Lando Calrissian and the Flamewind of Oseon is a science fiction novel set in the Star Wars Expanded Universe. It was written by L. Neil Smith and originally published in 1983 by Del Rey a division of Ballantine Books. It is the second of three books in The Adventures of Lando Calrissian trilogy (the other two books in the series are Lando Calrissian and the Mindharp of Sharu and Lando Calrissian and the Starcave of ThonBoka) and one of the oldest Expanded Universe works.
 The Haffen Building is a historic New York City landmark constructed in 1901-1902 in the neighborhood of North New York (presently associated as Mott Haven) Bronx New York. The building is located at 2804 Third Avenue also addressed as 507 Willis Avenue in the middle of a triangular block between 148th Street 147th Street Third Avenue and Willis Avenue within the Hub business district.
 Steinibühlweiher is a pond at Sempach in the Canton of Lucerne Switzerland. The artificial reservoir has a surface area of 3 ha.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Bluhoaie River or Bluhoaia River is a tributary of the Bârzești River in Romania.
 Opopaea is a genus of goblin spiders of the family Oonopidae.
 The Great Moment is a 1944 biographical film written and directed by Preston Sturges. Based on the book Triumph Over Pain (1940) by René Fülöp-Miller it tells the story of Dr. William Thomas Green Morton a 19th-century Boston dentist who discovered the use of ether for general anesthesia.
 Illegally Yours is a 1988 comedy film set in St. Augustine Florida where a series of comic mishaps take place involving a blackmailer a corpse an incriminating audiotape an innocent woman who accidentally picks up the tape and a pair of teenage blackmail victims. The film was directed by Peter Bogdanovich with Rob Lowe starring as Richard Dice the college dropout who came back home to get his act together.
 Powelliphanta augusta previously provisionally known as Powelliphanta Augustus is a species of amber snail a large carnivorous land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae.
 Absorber is the second studio album by the German techno and electro project of the munich based DJ and producer Florian Senfter a.k.a. Zombie Nation. It was released at 1 September 2003 on his self-founded Record Label Dekathlon Records.
 Stuart Francis Harris AO (born 14 March 1931) is a retired Australian senior public servant.
 Usne boje vina (English translation: Lips the Color of Wine) incorrectly titled Usne (Lips) at its release is a single and the fourth release by Montenegrin singer Boban Rajović. It was released in 2007.
 Cetopsis is a genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Cetopsidae.
 Mala hembra (Poor Female) is a 1950 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Jankowski's Bunting or Rufous-backed Bunting (Emberiza jankowskii) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.It is found in China North Korea and Russia.Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland and temperate grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 David John Bartlett (born 19 January 1968) is an Australian former politician in the state of Tasmania serving as the 43rd Premier of Tasmania from May 2008 until January 2011. He was an Australian Labor Party member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly seat of Denison from 2004 to 2011 when he retired.
 Oh My God! is the debut album of emcee Doug E. Fresh. It was released in 1986 on Reality Records a short-lived subsidiary of the legendary Fantasy Records and was produced by Dennis Bell and Ollie Cotton. The album was only a moderate success when it was released peaking at #21 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. However today the album is considered one of the greatest hip-hop albums of all time but it was never released on compact disc.
 St. Theodosius Russian Orthodox Cathedral is a Russian Orthodox parish located on Starkweather Avenue in the Tremont neighborhood on the near west side of Cleveland Ohio. It is considered one of the finest examples of Russian church architecture in the U.S. and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The parish is the first Orthodox parish in Cleveland and is currently under the jurisdiction of the Diocese of the Midwest of the Orthodox Church in America.St.
 The Boys from St. Petri is a children's book written by Danish author Bjarne Reuter published in English by Puffin Books in 1994. The novel was the 1995 recipient of the Mildred L. Batchelder Award an award granted by the American Library Association for outstanding children's books originally published in a foreign language. The novel has been cited by multiple scholars in the field of education for its lessons on activism and the Danish resistance during World War II.
 The Dark-banded Renia (Renia factiosalis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from southern Canada to Florida and Texas.The wingspan is about 24 mm. Adults are on wing from May to September. There is one generation in the north-east two generations in Missouri and multiple generations in the south.The larvae feed on organic matter including dead leaves.
 Babianka [baˈbjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parczew within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Parczew and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Yawarmayu (Quechua yawar blood mayu river blood river hispanicized spelling Yahuarmayo) is a river in Peru located in the Puno Region Carabaya Province Ayapata District. It originates near the border of the districts Ayapata and Coasa. Its direction is mainly to the northwest where it meets Inambari River as a right affluent. The confluence is north of the village Yawarmayu (Yahuarmayo).
 Lobophora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 American Notes for General Circulation is a travelogue by Charles Dickens detailing his trip to North America from January to June 1842. Whilst there he acted as a critical observer of North American society almost as if returning a status report on their progress. This can be compared to the style of his Pictures from Italy written four years later where he wrote far more like a tourist. His American journey was also an inspiration for his novel Martin Chuzzlewit.
 That '70s Album (Rockin') is the soundtrack to the television series That '70s Show released in 1999.
 In the Wings: Behind the Scenes at the New York City Ballet is a book by Kyle Froman. It was released in September 2007 in hardcover.In this book Kyle Froman explores the physically demanding life of New York City Ballet dancers.
 Kaulmabarahachaur is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2354 people living in 445 individual households.
 The Son (Norwegian: Sønnen 2014) is a crime novel by Norwegian novelist Jo Nesbø. It is the second stand-alone crime novel by Nesbø following Headhunters (2008).
 Anjidan (Persian: انجيدن‎ also Romanized as Anjīdān) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 45 families.
 Belknap Mountain is a mountain located in Belknap County New Hampshire south of Lake Winnipesaukee. Like the county the mountain and the associated Belknap Mountains are named after Jeremy Belknap (1744–1798) a renowned preacher historian and author of The History of New Hampshire.The peak of Belknap Mtn. is the highest point in the county.Although of only modest elevation the isolation of the Belknap Mountains gives Belknap Mtn.
 Bear Creek is an 11.9-mile-long (19.2 km) tributary of the Upper Iowa River joining Waterloo Creek for a short distance before entering the Upper Iowa in Waterloo Township just east of where Iowa Highway 76 crosses the river. Its branches are acclaimed trout fishing streams. The main or South fork rises in Hesper and Highland Townships in Winneshiek County and gives its name to South Bear Complex maintained by the state of Iowa and flows in a rough west to east direction.
 The Executioner (Hangul: 망나니; RR: Mangnani) is a 1975 South Korean film directed by Byun Jang-ho later remade as I Will Survive.
 Rosa de lejos is a 1980 Argentine film.
 Mackinlay's Cuckoo-Dove (Macropygia mackinlayi) also known as the Spot-breasted Cuckoo-Dove is a species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea Solomon Islands and Vanuatu. The species is named after Archibald Mackinlay (1850–1924) a Scottish naturalist.
 Lake Apopka is the third largest lake in the U.S. state of Florida. It is located 15 miles (24 km) northwest of Orlando mostly within the bounds of Orange County although the western part is in Lake County. Fed by a natural spring rainfall and stormwater runoff water from Lake Apopka flows through the Apopka-Beauclair Canal and into Lakes Beauclair and Dora.
 The Masonic Building in Fort Benton Montana also known as Sharps Store or Benton Pharmacy was built in 1882. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The building was for a time the meeting hall for Benton Lodge #25 but the lodge now meets elsewhere
 Konstanty Dombrowicz (born 4.09.1947) is a Polish journalist and politician; President of Bydgoszcz (since 2002-2010).
 D's New Attraction (Chinese: D新引力; pinyin: D Xin Ying Li) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Danson Tang's (Chinese: 唐禹哲) second Mandarin studio album. It was released on 16 January 2009 by Avex Taiwan with two album cover versions: D's New Attraction (Gentle Edition) and D's New Attraction (Cool Guy Edition) both with a bonus DVD.
 Drzymałowo [dʐɨmaˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakoniewice within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Rakoniewice 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Emily's Quest is a novel and the last of the Emily trilogy by Lucy Maud Montgomery. After finishing Emily Climbs Montgomery suspended writing Emily's Quest and published The Blue Castle; she resumed writing and published in 1927.
 The Milesiini (or Xylotini) is a large and diverse tribe of hoverflies.
 Ňárad (Hungarian: Csiliznyárad Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈtʃilizɲaːrɒd]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.There is a muni or priest named Narada in ancient Indian mythology.↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1
 Kimble Sutherland (born May 15 1966) is former politician in Ontario Canada. He was a New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 1995.
 The Age of Adz /ɒdz/ is a 2010 album by American singer/songwriter Sufjan Stevens released on October 12 2010 by Asthmatic Kitty. It is Stevens' sixth studio album and his first song-based full length album in five years since the release of Illinois in 2005.The album features a heavy use of electronics augmented by orchestration and takes inspiration from the apocalyptic artwork of schizophrenic artist Royal Robertson.
 The Star was a daily newspaper published in Christchurch New Zealand from 1868 to 1991. It became the Christchurch Star-Sun in June 1935 after merging with a rival newspaper and at the time it ceased publication as a daily newspaper in 1991 it was known as The Christchurch Star. It is now a free newspaper published several times a week.
 Dojazdów [dɔˈjazduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocmyrzów-Luborzyca within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Augustówek [auɡusˈtuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) east of Czosnów 28 km (17 mi) east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 16 km (10 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Automatic Kafka is a nine-issue comic book limited series written by Joe Casey with art by Ashley Wood. It was published in 2002 by DC Comics' Wildstorm imprint.The series followed the life of Automatic Kafka an android who had been a member of a mass-marketed superhero group called the $tranger$ during the 1980s. After the team breaks up Kafka is lost looking for a new direction in life. The comic follows Kafka as he tries different ways of becoming human: drugs sex and fame among them.
 Gregorio Luperón (September 8 1839 - May 21 1897) is best known for being a Dominican military and state leader who was the main leader in the restoration of the Dominican Republic after the Spanish annexation in 1863.Gregorio Luperón was born 8 September 1839 in Puerto Plata to Pedro Castellanos and Nicolasa Luperón.
 My Year Without Sex is an Australian drama film written and directed by Sarah Watt opening the 2009 Adelaide Film Festival and given wider release in May 2009.
 Constantine is the solo debut album of rock singer Constantine Maroulis. It debuted at number 75 on the Billboard 200 selling around 9000 copies in its first week.
 Jedi Search is the first novel in the The Jedi Academy trilogy.
 Mantra Hiroshima is the eighteenth studio album by Omar Rodríguez-López as a solo artist. It is his second record to feature Zach Hill on drums the first of which was by El Grupo Nuevo de Omar Rodriguez Lopez titled Cryptomnesia.The track Los Tres 'Yo's' is included on the vinyl edition of Omar's best of compilation Telesterion though Mantra Hiroshima itself was the first of Omar's records to not be released in vinyl format.
 All Summer in a Day is a short story by the author Ray Bradbury. This science fiction story was originally published in the March 1954 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 Sun Jiazheng (simplified Chinese: 孙家正; traditional Chinese: 孫家正; pinyin: Sūn Jiāzhèng; born March 1944) is a politician of People's Republic of China he is the chairman of the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles. Sun served as Minister of State Administration of Radio Film and Television between 1994 to 1998 before serving as Minister of Culture of the People'e Republic of China from March 1998 to March 2008.
 Wired-up is a rock compilation album released in 2002. It was also released as Supercharged.
 Rayonnoceras is an extinct cephalopod genus that lived around 325 million years ago during the Carboniferous which although resembling earlier actinocerids is now though to belong to the Pseudorthocerida Rayonnoceras is characterized by large to very large straight shells with a large subcentral siphuncle composed of subglobular segments as for the family. The endosiphuncular canal system is well devoloped and most chambers are filled with organic deposits.
 Aspas (Persian: اسپاس‎ also Romanized as Āspās and Āsopās; also known as Āsupās) is a village in Aspas Rural District Sedeh District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2069 in 481 families.Aspas is in the Zagros mountain range at an altitude of 2362 m. It lies in the foothills above the Balengan valley between the Palangi range and the Abedīn range.
 Mohamed Abd al-Halim Abu Ghazala (محمد عبد الحليم أبو غزاله) (2008–1930) was Defense Minister of Egypt from 1981 to 1989 when former Egyptian president Mubarak removed him from office due to claims that he was involved in a missile-parts illegal import scandal from the United States by violating U.S. export laws. The USA did not allow exporting certain materials used for making missile heads to the Egyptian military.
 Andrés Eloy Blanco Meaño (Cumaná Sucre state Venezuela 6 August 1897 - Mexico City Mexico 21 May 1955) was an important Venezuelan poet politician member of the Generación del 28 and one of the founders of Acción Democrática (AD).Blanco´s family settled on (Margarita Island Nueva Esparta State) where he lived part of his childhood.
 A Sound of Thunder is a 2005 science fiction thriller film directed by Peter Hyams and starring Edward Burns Catherine McCormack and Ben Kingsley. An international co-production between the United Kingdom the United States Germany and the Czech Republic the film was planned originally for a 2003 release.
 Obagunta is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Shabad mandal.
 Großer Wummsee is a lake in Landkreis Ostprignitz-Ruppin Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of 610 m its surface area is 1.52 km².
 Crepidogastrinus kochi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Crepidogastrinus.
 Children of the Night is an album by Canadian alternative recording artist Nash the Slash. Released in 1981 after Nash toured the United Kingdom in 1980 supporting Gary Numan the album quickly gained cult status with its unique sound created using electric mandolins electric violins drum machines and other sonic devices.
 The Lesser Noddy (Anous tenuirostris) also known as the Sooty Noddy is a species of tern in the Sternidae family.It is found near the coastlines of Comoros Kenya Liberia India Maldives Mauritius Seychelles South Africa Sri Lanka and United Arab Emirates.
 The Juno River is a river of Fiordland New Zealand. It rises west of Lake Shirley and flows westward into the Tasman Sea between Caswell Sound and Charles Sound.
 Klassic The Best Of The Korgis is a compilation album by English pop band The Korgis. It was released by Music Club International UK in 2001.The compilation includes the alternate versions of Everybody's Gotta Learn Sometime and Nowhere To Run that first appeared on Edsel Records' 1999 CD re-issues of albums Dumb Waiters and Sticky George.
 Lake Heiterwang is a lake in the Tirol Austria located at 47°27′30″N 10°46′50″E. Its surface is approximately 1.37 km² and its maximum depth is 61 metres. It is well-known Heiterwanger See is good for fishing. Kaiser Maximilian I of Austria often fished here.
 The Yellow-browed Tyrant (Satrapa icterophrys) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Satrapa.[citation needed]It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Paraguay Peru Uruguay and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests pastureland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Adrenalina is Finley's second studio album. It was released on June 15 2007 by EMI.They have already been released three singles from this CD: Adrenalina Domani and Questo sono io. Niente da perdere was played for the first time as anticipating the album Adrenalina at the MTV TRL Awards 2007 which took place in Milan on April 14 in Piazza Duomo followed by a medley of Fumo e cenere Tutto è possibile and Diventerai una star.
 María Cristina Díaz Salazar is a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). She is a former municipal president (mayor) of Guadalupe Nuevo León. Today she is senator for the state of Nuevo León.
 Rice Hall is a building of Cornell University that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Peter Hoyle House is a mid- to late-18th century two-story house in Gaston County North Carolina with notable German-American construction features the main block of which reflects two and possibly three phases but the exact construction dates have not been determined. A major renovation circa 1810 added a late Georgian and Federal finish as well as front and rear shed porches. A brick well house and a frame smoke house both east of the house date from the 19th century.
 Trichaetoides apicalis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found on Sumatra and Borneo.
 In the Heart of the Sea (also known as Heart of the Sea) is an upcoming drama film directed by Ron Howard. The film stars Chris Hemsworth Cillian Murphy and Tom Holland. It is based on Nathaniel Philbrick's 2000 book In the Heart of the Sea about the sinking of the whaleship Essex. The film is scheduled for release on March 15 2015.
 Louis G. Hill (March 10 1924 – July 13 2013) was a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate serving from 1969 to 1978. He was born in 1924 in Palm Beach Florida to Crawford and Ann Kaufman Hill.He died on July 13 2013 at a nursing home after suffering from Alzheimer's disease.
 Mazraeh-ye Bid (Persian: مزرعه بيد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Bīd; also known as Mazra‘bid and Mazre‘abīd) is a village in Seyyed Jamal ol Din Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1849 in 460 families.
 Evrenseki Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Turbonilla inca is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Łędławki [wɛnˈdwafki] (German: Linglack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 The Temascaltepec River is a river of Mexico.
 The Youngest Profession is a 1943 film directed by Edward Buzzell and starring Virginia Weidler Edward Arnold John Carroll Scotty Beckett and Agnes Moorehead. It contains cameos by Greer Garson Lana Turner William Powell Walter Pidgeon and Robert Taylor.
 The Astictopterini are a tribe in the Hesperiinae subfamily of skipper butterflies. As most Hesperiinae have not yet been assigned to tribes more genera may be placed here eventually.
 Pantherophis gloydi commonly known as the eastern foxsnake or eastern fox snake is a species of foxsnake. It is nonvenomous and can be found in the eastern Great Lakes region of the United States as well as western Ontario in Canada.
 Album is the third studio album by Joan Jett and the second to feature her backing band The Blackhearts. The album was originally released in July 1983. The Cassette Tape version had 2 different issues the first one was issued in a regular black plastic case MCA MCAC-5437] and a second version issued in a red plastic case [MCA MCAC-5445]. The initial black version contained the extra The Rolling Stones banned song Star Star on it as a hidden [unlisted] track at the end of side one.
 God is My Co-Pilot is a 1945 American war film based on the autobiography of the same name by Robert Lee Scott Jr. The film tells the story of Scott's association with the Flying Tigers and the United States Army Air Forces in China and Burma during World War II.
 Râul Doamnei is a left tributary of the Argeş River (the two rivers meet just north of Piteşti). It is formed at the junction of headwaters Valea Rea and Zârna River. It is 98 kilometers in length and frequently dries up in summer owing to the works upstream that have redirected part of its water supply toward a reservoir serving the hydroelectric plant on the Argeș.Râul Doamnei flows through a hilly region forming narrow strips of fertile plain on both of its banks.
 Roland Fairbairn McWilliams (October 10 1874–December 10 1957) was a Canadian politician and office-holder. He served as the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba from 1940 to 1953.McWilliams was born in Peterborough Ontario. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Toronto in 1896 and started his Bachelor of Laws degree at Osgoode Hall the following year. He subsequently worked as a barrister and solicitor.
 The Slave Dancer is a children's book written by Paula Fox and published in 1973. It tells the story of a boy called Jessie Bollier who witnessed first-hand the savagery of the African slave trade. The book not only includes an historical account but it also touches upon the emotional conflicts felt by those involved in transporting the slaves from Africa to other parts of the world. The book received the Newbery Medal in 1974.
 Sad Clown Bad Spring 12 is a 5-track EP that was released in April 2008 by Atmosphere. The EP was digitally leaked by the group on April Fools Day after listeners were directed to a link for what the group claimed to be a leaked download for When Life Gives You Lemons You Paint That Shit Gold.The CD was released April 29 2008 and is on sale on the When Life Gives You Lemons You Paint Your City Gold Tour.
 Ghost Banana Tree is a 2005 film one of the Khmer success horror films based on a Cambodian haunting ghost story about a vengeful ghost woman that climbs a banana tree to kill her husband. It's the fourth success horror film by Campro production after Neang Neath The Forest and The Haunted House.
 Kiełmina [kʲɛu̯ˈmina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Stryków 7 km (4 mi) east of Zgierz and 9 km (6 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Opequon Golf Club also known as the Stonebridge Golf Club and Martinsburg Golf Club is a historic country club clubhouse located at Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. The clubhouse was built in 1922 and is a one story Adirondack Lodge Style stone building with a wraparound porch on the north and west sides. It has a steep gable roof with a chimney at the west end. The porches have hip roofs and feature exposed rafter ends and stone columns. It sits on a raised basement.
 Jennifer Chapman (born 25 September 1973) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Darlington since the 2010 general election.
 Twentysix Gasoline Stations is the first artist's book by the American pop artist Ed Ruscha. Published in April 1963 on his own imprint National Excelsior Press it is often considered to be the first modern Artist's book and has become famous as a precursor and a major influence on the emerging artist's book culture especially in America. The book does exactly what its title suggests reproducing 26 photographs of gasoline stations next to captions indicating their brand and location.
 American Legion Peak (13211 ft (4027 m)) is located in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Situated 1 mi (1.6 km) east of Bow Mountain and a couple miles west of Mount Helen American Legion Peak is the 17th tallest peak in Wyoming. The small American Legion Glacier descends from the east slopes of the mountain and Henderson Peak lies to the south.
 All in a Day is a 1986 children's picture book by Mitsumasa Anno. It features illustrations by Anno and several other illustrators: Eric Carle Raymond Briggs Nicolai Ye. Popov Akiko Hayashi Gian Calvi Leo and Diane Dillon Zhu Chengliang and Ron Brooks.School Library Journal said it was a a great success at conveying the warmth richness and variety of people and Booklist noted that it promotes peace and mutual understanding among children around the world.[citation needed]
 Tarrenhendre is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales. It is one of the Marilyns in the Cadair Idris group.Lying to the south of Cadair Idris it and its neighbour Tarren y Gesail form the bulk of the Tarren subgroup. The Tarrens rise from the south shore of the Tal-y-llyn Lake and end at the Dyfi estuary.The summit is heathery and boggy and has a small cairn to mark the highest point.
 Huckleberry Finn is a 2010 EP by Duke Special featuring songs composed by Kurt Weill with lyrics by Maxwell Anderson from an unfinished musical based on Mark Twain's novel Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. It was released both on its own and as part of a box set entitled The Stage A Book And The Silver Screen which also includes the albums Mother Courage and Her Children and The Silent World of Hector Mann.
 Konarzewo-Gołąbki [kɔnaˈʐɛvɔ ɡɔˈwɔmpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The White Parade is a 1934 film that was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. It was written by Rian James Jesse Lasky Jr. Sonya Levien and Ernest Pascal from the novel by Rian James. The film was directed by Irving Cummings.Dedicated to the memory of Florence Nightingale the plot concerns the travails and romances of young women as they study to become nurses.
 Hitsville USA: The Motown Singles Collection 1959–1971 is a 1992 four-disc collection of Motown hits released that same year. It was followed a year by the release of Hitsville USA: The Motown Singles Collection Volume 2 1972–1992.
 Max Pievsky (born July 4 1925) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 The Roșoșa River is a tributary of the Argel River in Romania.
 Now That's What I Call Disney is a compilation album from the Now! series released in the United Kingdom as a 3-disc set on November 21 2011. It was re-released the following year with a bonus disc of Disney-related Christmas songs. An abbreviated single-disc version was released in the United States on November 6 2012. The UK version takes songs from the vast Disney library from its animated classics Pixar films and live-action performances from Hannah Montana and High School Musical.
 Joaquín Samuel de Anchorena (1876–1961) was an Argentine lawyer and politician noted for being mayor of Buenos Aires between 1910 and 1914.
 Basut-e Hajji Hasan (Persian: بسوت حاجي حسن‎ also Romanized as Basūt-e Ḩājjī Ḩasan; also known as Basūt and Basūt-e Pā’īn) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 806 in 151 families.
 Found Memories (Portuguese: Histórias que Só Existem Quando Lembradas) is a 2011 Brazilian drama film directed by Júlia Murat. It won the Best Narrative Feature Jury Award at the 2012 RiverRun International Film Festival.
 The Neue Synagoge (New Synagogue) was built 1859–1866 as the main synagogue of the Berlin Jewish community on Oranienburger Straße. Because of its splendid eastern Moorish style and resemblance to the Alhambra it is an important architectural monument of the second half of the 19th century in Berlin.The building was designed by Eduard Knoblauch.
 Ahmad Gharib (Persian: احمدغريب‎ also Romanized as Aḩmad Gharīb) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 54 families.
 William Cocke (1748 – August 22 1828) was an American lawyer pioneer and statesman. He has the distinction of having served in the state legislature of four different states: Virginia North Carolina Tennessee and Mississippi and was one of the first two United States senators for Tennessee.
 Samantha Helen Rowe (born 30 June 1978) was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council as an Australian Labor Party member for East Metropolitan region at the 2013 state election. She will take her seat on 22 May 2013.Prior to her election Rowe was the executive officer of Labor Business Roundtable.
 Puczyce [puˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Platerów 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Łosice and 123 km (76 mi) east of Warsaw.
 20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of The Jackson 5 is a 1999 greatest hits album for R&B group The Jackson 5 released by Motown Records.
 Conopomorphina is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Sir Miles Rawstron Walker CBE LLD (born 13 November 1940) is a Manx businessman and politician who was the first ever Chief Minister of the Isle of Man.
 The Centennial Museum and Chihuahuan Desert Gardens is a cultural history and natural history museum in El Paso Texas United States. The museum was built during the 1936 Texas Centennial.
 Vexillum kaicherae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Dream Dancer is a 1980 novel by Janet Morris the first in her Kerrion Space trilogy.
 Melody of the Heart (German: Melodie des Herzens) is a 1929 German musical film directed by Hanns Schwarz and starring Dita Parlo Willy Fritsch and Gerö Mály.The film was the first sound film produced by the German major studio Universum Film AG and was credited with establishing the popularity of the operetta film. It was shot in Hungary.
 Benarty Hill rises above and to the west of Ballingry in the west of Fife Scotland. It is a prominent feature of the view from the M90 motorway and from Kinross and Loch Leven. The lower slopes are steep on all sides but the extensive heath around the summit is relatively flat.Although access from the north is obstructed by an RSPB sanctuary the summit is easily accessible from its south side where tracks and paths lead through the forest and up onto the summit heath.
 The Andrew Dickson White House commonly referred to as the A.D. White House is a Second Empire house on the campus of Cornell University designed by William Henry Miller and Charles Babcock. It currently houses the Cornell University Society for the Humanities.The house was commissioned in 1871 by Andrew Dickson White its namesake and co-founder and first president of the university.
 The Queen's Affair is a 1934 British musical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle Fernand Gravey Muriel Aked and Edward Chapman. An Eastern European President falls in love with the Queen whom he had previously deposed. It was also released as Queen's Affair.
 The Arno Trail (German: Arnoweg) is an approximately 1200-km long-distance trail through the Austrian Alps. The highest point is atop the Sonnblick (3106 m.) near Bad Gastein and in total the trail has over 57000 m. of elevation gain. The highest elevations are in the western portion of the trail in the Kalkberge Pinzgauer Grasberge and Keesberge. The Arno Trail forms a loop which passes through such towns as Salzburg Neukirchen Bad Gastein and Nußdorf.
 Międzybórz [mjɛnˈd͡zɨbuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczenica within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Rzeczenica 28 km (17 mi) north-west of Człuchów and 126 km (78 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 391.
 Manda-Inakir Mountain is a system of fissure vents and cinder cones located along Eritrea. Last erupting in 1928 it produced a cinder cone called Kammourta. It has an elevation of over 600 metres.
 The Dark Horse released on May 24 2005 through Hex Records is the debut full-length studio album and third release from the Rochester-based hardcore band Achilles. It is the follow-up to the split album Achilles/Engineer and received mostly favourable reviews.[citation needed]
 Naili Abdullah Pasha (died August 1758) was an Ottoman grand vizier. Naili Abdullah was a Turk from Istanbul and took a job in Ottoman bureaucracy. After several minor posts he was appointed as the reisülküttap (chief of clerks a post equivalent to the modern foreign minister) in 1747 during the reign of Mahmut I. Eight years later on May 19 1755 during the reign of Osman III he was appointed as the grand vizier the highest post of the empire next to that of the sultan.
 Date With Debbi is a DC Comics comic book series which ran for 18 issues between 1969 and 1972. The series was about the attempts of Debbi to find happiness often through dating. A spin-off title Debbi's Dates ran for 11 issues from 1969 to 1971.The series won recognition in the industry including the 1970 Shazam Award for Best Inker (Humor Division) for Henry Scarpelli for his work on it Leave It to Binky and other DC comics.
 New Writings in SF 20 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the twentieth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in 1972 followed by a paperback edition issued by Corgi under the slightly variant title New Writings in SF -- 20 the same year.The book collects six novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with a foreword by Carnell.
 Museum Tower is a 42-story 170 m (560 ft) skyscraper in the arts district of Dallas Texas. Completed in January 2013 the building is the tallest new structure to be built in the city in recent years and is now the second-tallest all-residential building in Dallas behind Gables Republic Tower.
 The Guatulame River is a river of Chile.
 Sports Health: A Multidisciplinary Approach is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the field of sports medicine. Its editor-in-chief is Edward M. Wojtys (University of Michigan). The journal was established in 2009 and is currently published by Sage Publications in association with the American Orthopedic Society for Sports Medicine.
 Stary Puznów [ˈstarɨ ˈpuznuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Garwolin and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Chah-e Haj Mahmood (Persian: چاه حاج محمود ‎) is a village in Dumak Rural District in the Corrin of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 6 families.
 Slave to the Thrill is the third studio album released by the American Heavy metal band Hurricane.The original album cover art was photographed by John Scarpati. It featured a nude female model lying on a machine. This cover was replaced shortly after the initial pressing by an alternative cover that had the female model removed from the picture so that all that was seen is the machine.Jay Schellen and Doug Aldrich play together on this record.
 Betty Olson is an American politician and a Republican member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 28B since January 2007.
 Big Shiny Tunes 3 is the third edition of the MuchMusic compilation series Big Shiny Tunes. It was a successful follow-up to the series' previous Diamond certified release Big Shiny Tunes 2. The album was assembled by having its audience vote on which songs they would like to have included a novel process. The album debuted at #1 on the Canadian Albums Chart and was certified 8x Platinum (800000 units) by the CRIA.
 Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa (Arabic: خليفة بن سلمان آل خليفة‎) (born 24 November 1935) has been the Prime Minister of Bahrain from 1970 taking office nearly two years before Bahrain's independence on 16 December 1971. He is the longest-serving current prime minister in the world. He still retains his post although under the 2002 Constitution he has lost some of his power on paper with the King having the authority to appoint and (along with the Bahraini parliament) dismiss ministers.
 Workout is an album by jazz tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley released on the Blue Note label in 1961. It features performances by Mobley Wynton Kelly Paul Chambers Grant Green and Philly Joe Jones. The album was identified by Scott Yanow in his Allmusic essay Hard Bop as one of the 17 Essential Hard Bop Recordings.
 Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Kids is a computer-animated television special from Nelvana Limited that premiered on Treehouse TV and Nick Jr. on March 31 2003. It was based on David Kirk's book series of the same name and was followed by a spinoff show Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends. Voices included Brooke Shields Rick Moranis and Tony Jay.
 All Love's Legal is the third studio album by English musician Planningtorock. It was released on 14 February 2014 by Human Level.
 The Jărăștuia River is a tributary of the Varlaam River in Romania.
 The Grand Sable River is a river of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
 Sumurun (aka One Arabian Night) is a 1920 German silent film directed by Ernst Lubitsch.
 Jihne Mera Dil Luteya (Punjabi: ਜੀਹਨੇ ਮੇਰਾ ਦਿਲ ਲੁੱਟਿਆ) is a 2011 Punjabi Film directed by Mandeep Kumar with story and screenplay by Dheeraj Rattan produced by Batra Showbiz Pvt. Ltd. and starring Diljit Dosanjh Gippy Grewal Neeru Bajwa Binnu Dhillon.
 Mayhem & Miracles is the third studio album by New Zealand recording artist Savage.
 Tideland News is a newspaper based in Swansboro North Carolina. It covers Swansboro and other Eastern Onslow county news as well as Western Carteret County news (Cedar Point Cape Carteret Emerald Isle).
 Glee: The Music Journey to Regionals is the second extended play (EP) by the cast of musical television series Glee. Containing six songs from the season one finale Journey to Regionals it was released on June 8 2010 the same day the episode aired. Half of the tracks are cover versions of songs by American rock band Journey. The EP debuted at the top of the US Billboard 200 and Soundtrack charts with first-week sales of 154000 copies.
 The Kichuy (Russian: Кичуй) or Kiçü (Tatar Cyrillic: Кичү Latin: Kiçü; [kiˈɕy]) is a river in Tatarstan Russian Federation a right-bank tributary of the Sheshma River. Its length is 114 km and its drainage basin is 1330 km². Major tributaries are Butinka Batraska Chupayka Yamashka Tetvelka. The maximal mineralization 400-71000 mg/l. Average sediment in mouth per year is 127 mm. Drainage is regulated.
 Phycitodes inquinatella is a species of snout moth. It is found in most of Europe (except Ireland Great Britain Fennoscandia the Baltic region Ukraine the Czech Republic Slovenia Croatia and Bulgaria) the Canary Islands Turkey and the Palestinian Territories.The wingspan is 15–18 millimetres (0.59–0.71 in).
 The American Eagle later known also as Murray Eagle and The Green Sheet was a newspaper that covered central Salt Lake Valley especially the city of Murray Utah. The beginnings of The American Eagle of Murray Utah are shrouded in mystery. The newspaper may have been published as early as 1891 as the American. Other sources list 1896 as the beginning publication date before Murray was incorporated in 1903. The first known editor was Martin A. Willumsen.
 Bullia pura common name the pure plough shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Khel Mandala is a Marathi drama film released on April 27 2012. Produced by Ashok Narkar Mirah Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. and Amrutaa Productions and directed by Viju Mane the film stars Mangesh Desai Ananya Devre Uday Sabnis Urmila Kanetkar Santosh Juvekar and Prasad Oak. The film's music is by Chinar - Mahesh.
 The Abbess: A Romance is a gothic novel by William Henry Ireland first published in 1799. The eponymous central character Mother Vittoria Bracciano is a female equivalent of 'Monk Lewis's Ambrosio motivated by dark and powerful forces. The novel is supernatural in character haunted by the spirit of Sister Marietta and is generally seen as one of the most voluptuous and salacious gothic novels in terms of its graphic scenes of sex Roman Catholic religious fervour and torture.
 Wojniaki [vɔi̯ˈɲakʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Pokrówka 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Chełm and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Christmas in Wonderland is a 2007 comedy film about three children who move with their father from Los Angeles to Edmonton Alberta where they catch a group of counterfeiters while Christmas shopping.
 The Long Now is the debut studio album by Australian indie rock band Children Collide. The album was produced by David Sardy and was released by Universal in Australia on 11 October 2008. The Special Collector's Edition of the album features a circle on the cover with a sticker stating: Scratch the circle to reveal 1 of 3 cover versions.
 Lissotesta gittenbergeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Faz (Persian: فاز‎ also Romanized as Fāz; also known as Pāz and Bāzh) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 688 in 193 families.
 Saphenista illimis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Sinaloa).
 Shake Rattle and Roll 12 is a 2010 Filpino horror suspense film in three acts from Regal Films. It is the twelfth installment of Shake Rattle & Roll film series. It was also distributed by the Regal Entertainment Inc. and Regal Multimedia Inc. It was an official entry in the 2010 Metro Manila Film Festival.
 Whitman Mills is a historic mill complex at 1 90 and the east side of Riverside Avenue the south side north side and rear of 1 Coffin Avenue and at 10 Manomet Street in New Bedford Massachusetts.The mill was built in 1896 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Případ dr. Kováře is a Czech drama film directed by Milos Makovec. It was released in 1950.
 Chehreh (Persian: چهره‎) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 744 in 203 families.
 The Akobo River is a river on the border between South Sudan and Ethiopia. From its source in the Ethiopian Highlands near Mizan Teferi it flows west for 434 kilometres (270 mi) to join the Pibor River. The Pibor flows into the Sobat River which in turn empties into the White Nile.The tributaries of the Akobo river include the Cechi the Chiarini and the Owag on the right or Ethiopian side; and the Neubari Ajuba and Kaia on the left or South Sudanese side.
 Mamlejeh (Persian: مملجه‎; also known as Mamelīāh) is a village in Badranlu Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 46 families.
 Cicrina is a village in the municipality of Ravno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Summer Time Machine Blues (サマー タイム マシン ブルース Samâ taimumashin burûsu) is a 2005 Japanese film directed by Katsuyuki Motohiro. The film stars Eita as a member of a university science-fiction club and Juri Ueno and Yoko Maki as part of the neighboring photography club.
 Romeo and Juliet is a 1954 film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play of the same title.
 Never a Dull Moment is a 1972 album by rock musician Rod Stewart. It became a UK number-one album (for two weeks) and reached number two on the US Album chart the same year. The track You Wear It Well co-written by Stewart and classical guitarist Martin Quittenton was a smash hit (another UK No. 1; in US No.
 Ruffy Biazon (born March 20 1969) is a Filipino politician and the son of senator Rodolfo Biazon. He is the former Commissioner of Bureau of Customs. He served as congressman in the lone district of Muntinlupa City for three consecutive terms since 2001 and ended on June 30 2010. He was of the senatorial slates of the Liberal Party who lost elections placing fourteenth.
 Soul Mover is a studio album by former Deep Purple Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/ bassist Glenn Hughes. It was his tenth solo studio album and was released in 2005 on Frontier Sanctuary EMI and Yamaha records.
 Asianellus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Pseudotrichia rubiginosa sometimes known as the German hairy snail is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 The Laugenspitze (German: Laugenspitze; Italian: Monte Luco) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Ohebach (Efze) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Cochylis sannitica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Italy.The wingspan is 11–13 mm. Adults are on wing in July.
 Adoption & Fostering is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on adoption and foster care. Its editor-in-chief is Roger Bullock (Centre for Social Policy Dartington). It was established in 1977 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the British Association for Adoption and Fostering.
 Digimon Fusion known in Japan as Digimon Xros Wars (デジモンクロスウォーズ Dejimon Kurosu Wōzu pronounced Cross Wars) and in Malaysia as Digimon Fusion Battles is the sixth anime children television series in the Digimon franchise by Akiyoshi Hongō produced by Toei Animation. It follows a boy named Taiki Kudō (Mikey Kudou in the English dub) who utilizes the power of joining together Digimon in order to save the Digital World.
 The Claro River (Pardo River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Esmailiyeh-ye Yek (Persian: اسماعيليه يك‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlīyeh-ye Yek) is a village in Muran Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 603 in 122 families.
 Jon Myers is a current lobbyist for the Community Bankers Association of Ohio and was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1991-2000. His district consisted of a portion of Licking County Ohio. He was succeeded by Tim Schaffer.
 The Hibbard Apartment Building is an apartment building located at 8905 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan directly adjacent to The Kean. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Pfatter is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Decisions was the fifth studio album by American gospel group The Winans released in 1987 under Qwest Records. The album was written and produced by Marvin Winans along with music producer Quincy Jones and Barry Hankerson. The album is a blend of contemporary gospel and R&B also includes the Grammy winning single Ain't No Need to Worry featuring singer Anita Baker and Love Has No Color featuring singer-songwriter Michael McDonald.
 Khachekin (Persian: خاچكين‎ also Romanized as Khāchekīn; also known as Hājkīn Khadzhakhkin Khājīkīn Khājkīn Khavaj Kin Khvāchekīn Khvājeh Kheyr Khvājgīn and Khvājkīn) is a village in Chukam Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1824 in 524 families.
 Prionus Geoffroy 1762 is a genus of long-horned beetles of the subfamily Prioninae tribe Prionini widespread in Europe Asia and North America.
 The Roads Don't Love You is the second album by Irish singer-songwriter Gemma Hayes released in 2005. In 2006 Gemma received a nomination for Best Irish Female at the 2006 Ireland Music Awards where she also performed live and picked up the award.The title is taken from a line in the Magnetic Fields song Long Vermont Roads. During the release of The Road Don't Love You in America a short EP titled 'Sampler' was released to promote the album.
 Selbustrand Church (Norwegian: Selbustrand kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Selbu in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Selbustrand. The wooden church was built in 1901 by the architect O. Alfstad. It has a capacity of 280 people.Selbustrand Church is part of the parish of Selbu in the Stjørdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 The Greater Flameback (Chrysocolaptes guttacristatus ) also known as Greater Goldenback Large Golden-backed Woodpecker or Malherbe's Golden-backed Woodpecker is a woodpecker species. It occurs widely in the Indian subcontinent eastwards to southern China the Malay Peninsula Sumatra western and central Java and northeast Borneo.
 The Tel Aviv City Hall (Hebrew בית עיריית תל אביב - יפו) is the center of the government of Tel Aviv Israel and houses the mayor's office and the meeting chambers and offices of the Tel Aviv City Council.
 Grift is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 John Drake Sloat (July 6 1781 – November 28 1867) was a commodore in the United States Navy who in 1846 claimed California for the United States.
 The Journal of Biogeography is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in biogeography that was established in 1974. It covers aspects of spatial ecological and historical biogeography. The founding editor-in-chief was David Watts followed by John Flenley and Philip Stott (1987-2004). The current editor is Robert J. Whittaker (University of Oxford).
 Most Pure Heart Of Mary Church is a historic church at West Street and Raymond Avenue in Shelby Ohio.It was built in 1924 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 Stalagmia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Gough Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada. It's also called Birch Lake.
 Rishta Kagaz Ka is a 1983 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Ajay Goel. It stars Raj Babbar and Rati Agnihotri in pivotal roles.
 Mobile Home is a 2012 Belgian comedy-drama film directed by François Pirot. It was written by Pirotand Marteen Loix and Jean-Benoît Ugeux. It premiered on August 4 2012 at the Locarno International Film Festival. The film was nominated for seven Magritte Awards winning Most Promising Actress and Best Original Score.
 Huzhiyeh (Persian: هوژيه‎ also Romanized as Hūzhīyeh) is a village in Heyran Rural District in the Central District of Astara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Broadway Rose is a 1922 American silent romantic drama film released by Metro Pictures and directed by Robert Z. Leonard. It stars Leonard's then-wife Mae Murray and Monte Blue. The film is based on an original story by Edmund Goulding written for star Murray and was produced by Leonard's and Murray's production company Tiffany Pictures. Prints of the film are housed at the George Eastman House and Gosfilmofond in Moscow.
 Only You is a 1992 film starring Andrew McCarthy Kelly Preston and Helen Hunt. The film was directed by Betty Thomas in her film directing debut.
 Careless World: Rise of the Last King is the second studio album by American rapper Tyga. It is his first album under a major label after his independent release No Introduction. Production for the album took place during 2009 to 2012 and was handled by Jess Jackson Arthur McArthur Pharrell Williams Boi-1da and Noah 40 Shebib among others. The album was released on February 21 2012 on Young Money Entertainment Cash Money Records and Universal Republic Records.
 We Are The Champ is the debut album by The Loungs released on 21 May 2007 on the Akoustik Anarkhy label. It was recorded and produced by The Loungs and Andy Bowes at Catalyst Studios St. Helens. It features re-recorded versions of both sides of the band's debut single (I'm Gonna Take Your Girl/Seen My Baby Dancing) and the lead tracks from their second (Armageddon Outta Here) and third (Googly Moogly).The album was released on 12 Vinyl CD Digipack and download.
 Temple Israel is a synagogue located in Kinston North Carolina. Established by Eastern European Jews in 1903 it is one of the oldest synagogues in North Carolina. Having started and functioning as an Orthodox congregation during its first fifty years it eventually transformed into a Reform congregation.
 Craigysgafn is a rocky ridge and a top of Moelwyn Mawr that leads south from Moelwyn Mawr to Moelwyn Bach in Snowdonia North Wales. It has several impressive gullies which lead directly down to the scree slopes above Llyn Stwlan. Some scrambling is needed in places.
 Sir James Alexander Lougheed KCMG PC QC (/ˈlɔːhiːd/ LAW-heed or /lɔːˈhiːd/ law-HEED; 1 September 1854 – 2 November 1925) was a businessman and politician from Alberta Canada.
 Palladium Square (Thai: พัลลาเดียม สแควร์) is a shopping mall currently under redevelopment in Ratchathewi district Bangkok Thailand. It was formerly known as Pratunam Center.
 Limu Chah (Persian: ليموچاه‎ also Romanized as Līmū Chāh and Limoo Chah; also known as Līmūchā Limucha and Lunichi) is a village in Gafsheh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District Lasht-e Nesha District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 638 in 201 families.
 Marié River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Hay que casar a Paulina is a 1944 Argentine film.
 Music of Bill Evans is a studio album by the Kronos Quartet containing compositions written by or associated with Bill Evans. With Jim Hall (guitar) and Eddie Gomez (bass). Leonard Feather gave the album five stars; Stephen Holden for the New York Times named it Jazz Album of the Week. Reissued with Monk Suite: Kronos Quartet Plays Music of Thelonious Monk on 2CD as 32 Jazz: The Complete Landmark Sessions.
 Róisín Shortall (born 25 April 1954) is an Irish politician. She sits as an independent Teachta Dála (TD) after she resigned from the Parliamentary Labour Party in September 2012. She has been a TD for the Dublin North–West constituency since November 1992 and was the Minister of State for Primary Care from 2011 to 2012.
 Screamadelica Live is a Primal Scream live album and DVD It was released in 2011 for Primal Scream's tour for the 20th anniversary for the 1991 album Screamadelica. The performance was filmed at the Olympia Grand Hall in London on 26 November 2010 and was released on CD DVD and Blu-ray on 31 May 2011.
 Okrajnik [ɔˈkrai̯nik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łękawica within Żywiec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Łękawica 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Żywiec and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 741.
 Chrysallida intermixta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 The Crane and Company Old Stone Mill Rag Room is one of the oldest surviving buildings (built in 1844) of Crane & Co. one of the oldest papermaking businesses in Berkshire County Massachusetts. It is located in southwestern Dalton on a site where paper has been manufactured since the early 19th century.
 Brzezinki [bʐɛˈʑinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wołczyn 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Kluczbork and 43 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 450.
 Fisera eribola is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
 Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead: The Writers and Artists who made National Lampoon Insanely Great by Rick Meyerowitz is a 2010 book which was published by Abrams Books of New York. The book consists of a compilation of work by a selection of writers and artists whose work appeared in National Lampoon magazine in the 1970s as well as introductory commentary on those people and their work by Meyerowitz and others. The book is hardback coffee-table sized and is profusely illustrated.
 Así Es is the first studio album by the Chilean singer Américo. His song El Embrujo is currently one of the most-known in Chile receiving high demand on the Chilean radios. The album was certified Platinum for more than 10.000 copies.
 Deluxe Men in Space is a Man or Astro-man? 7 EP/CDEP released on Touch & Go Records & One Louder Records in 1996. The 7 was released on black vinyl with a gatefold sleeve.
 The Chilean Woodstar (Eulidia yarrellii) is a small bird in the hummingbird family Trochilidae. It is restricted to northernmost Chile with reports from southern Peru. Its natural habitats are dry shrubland and rural gardens. It is threatened by habitat loss and is classed as an endangered species. It is usually classified in its own genus Eulidia but is sometimes placed with the Purple-collared Woodstar in the genus Myrtis.
 Leicester King (born in Suffield Connecticut May 1 1789-September 19 1856) was a 19th-century businessman judge and state senator in the Ohio State Assembly.Married to Julia Ann Huntington he moved to Warren Ohio in 1817 where he worked as a mercantilist until 1833.
 The Shimizu TRY 2004 Mega-City Pyramid is a hypothetical project for construction of a massive pyramid over Tokyo Bay in Japan. The structure would be more than 14 times as high as the Great Pyramid at Giza and would house 1000000 people. The structure would be 2000 meters (6561 feet) above mean sea level including 5 stacked trusses each with similar dimensions to that of the great pyramid of Giza.
 Guanipa River is a river of north-eastern Venezuela. It flows into the Gulf of Paria.
 John Wilson House in the borough of Jewett City in the town of Griswold Connecticut was built in 1781. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Stefano Rodotà (born 30 May 1933) is an Italian jurist and politician.
 Public Stunts Private Stories is an authorized biography of the Canadian alternative rock group Barenaked Ladies originally published in 2001.
 The Return of the Black Death is the second recorded and first released studio album by the Norwegian unblack metal band Antestor released in 1998. It is the band's only release on the British Cacophonous Records label. This album's working title was Kongsblod. Antestor recorded another album Martyrium prior to The Return of the Black Death in 1994 and while bootleg versions of the recording circulated this album did not see official release until 2000.
 US 281 Bridge at the Brazos River is located south of Mineral Wells Texas.The bridge was added to the National Register on October 10 1996.
 Identity Unknown is a 1945 American film directed by Walter Colmes.
 The Bonding is the eighth studio album by the Austrian Symphonic metal band Edenbridge. It was released in July 2013 on the SPV label after both singer Sabine Edelsbacher and the band's mastermind Lanvall Stockhammer had suffered personal losses. Bassist Wolfgang Rothbauer who formerly played for Disbelief and Zombie Inc. had joined Edenbridge for the recording.
 A Secret History of Pandora's Box is an English erotic novel published anonymously in 1742 by the London publishers Mary Cooper and her husband. Its focus on the female genitalia proceeds with reference to Greek and Roman mythology a common trope of the time. Another common and more specific trope in much erotic fiction of the time is allegorizing the parts of the female sex as a cave.
 Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo (born April 5 1947) is a Filipino politician who served as the 14th President of the Philippines from 2001 to 2010 as the 12th Vice President of the Philippines from 1998 to 2001 and is currently a member of the House of Representatives representing the 2nd District of Pampanga. She was the country's second female president (after Corazón Aquino) and the daughter of former President Diosdado Macapagal.
 Panglin Plaza (simplified Chinese: 彭年广场; traditional Chinese: 彭年廣場; pinyin: Péngnián Guǎngchǎng) is a 57-floor 240 metre (787 foot) tall skyscraper completed in 1999 located in Shenzhen China. It served as The Hilton till April 2006 since then it is The PangLin Hotel.
 Lank Rigg is a fell in the English Lake District. It stands to the south of Ennerdale in the Western Fells. A sprawling hill with gentle grassy slopes it can be climbed from various points on the Coldfell road. It carries various remains from ancient habitation.
 Sir Lionel Copley (1648 – 1693) was the 1st Royal Governor of Maryland from 1692 through his death in 1693. He was the first official royal governor appointed by the British crown after the colony was removed from the proprietary control of the Calvert family during the Glorious Revolution. Copley engaged in a series of political struggles with the colonial assembly and the colonial secretary Thomas Lawrence in the year between his arrival and his death the next year.
 Texas Fists is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in May 1931 issue of Fight Stories.The story is now in the public domain.
 Tivoli is a historic home located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a random stone ashlar masonry structure built about 1855 and consisting of a three-story symmetrical Italianate main block with a contemporary two-story T-shaped service wing. It contains the administrative and clinical offices the infirmary and dining hall of the Woodbourne Center. It was the summer residence of Enoch Pratt who purchased the property in 1870 and died here in 1896.
 Los Gatos Creek formerly known as Arroyo Pasajero or Arroyo Poso de Chane is a creek in Fresno County California. Its source is in the north end of Garcia Canyon in the Diablo Range near Benito Pass. From there it runs through Los Gatos Canyon in the eastern foothills of the Diablo Range then passes across Pleasant Valley north of Coalinga where Warthan Creek joins it east of the town.
 La Bourse (The Purse) is a short story by the French novelist Honoré de Balzac. It was published in 1832 by Mame-Delaunay as one of the Scènes de la vie privée (Scenes of Private Life) in La Comédie humaine. Later editions of the work were brought out by Béchet in 1835 and by Charpentier in 1839 in both of which La Bourse was placed among the Scènes de la vie parisienne (Scenes of Parisian Life).
 Bostancı is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 610 people.
 A Night Out With Friends is a two disc live album by Richard Marx with the second disc being a DVD the second of his career. Accompanying the release of A Night Out With Friends the live performance video was broadcast on PBS' Front Row Center concert series episode 109 began airing on May 31 2012.
 The Palazzo Medici also called the Palazzo Medici Riccardi after the later family that acquired and expanded it is a Renaissance palace located in Florence Italy.
 The Haunted Hat is a 1915 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Eagle is a village in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1950 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Eagle.
 The Soava River is a tributary of the Leaotu River in Romania.
 The Legend of Hell House is a 1973 British horror film directed by John Hough and starring Pamela Franklin Roddy McDowall Clive Revill and Gayle Hunnicutt. The screenplay was written by Richard Matheson based on his own novel Hell House.
 Lizard Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island an expansion of Williams Creek.
 When Dogs Cry is the third young-adult fiction novel written by Australian writer Markus Zusak in the Wolfe family books. It is a stand alone companion novel (sequel) to his young-adult fiction novels Fighting Ruben Wolfe and The Underdog. It was first published in 2001 by Pan Macmillan Australia Pty limited. It was published in United States by Arthur A. Levine Books an imprint of Scholastic Press April 2003 under the title Getting the Girl.
 The Apostolic Faith Mission church in Clinton Hill Brooklyn New York City located at 265 Lafayette Avenue northeast corner of Washington Avenue occupies the historic nineteenth-century former Orthodox Friends Meeting House.The former Society of Friends (Quaker) meetinghouse was built 1868 described in the AIA Guide to New York City as A simple Lombardian Romanesque box polychromed with vigor by its current tenants. As of 1977 it was the Apostolic Faith Mission.
 Sypharochiton pelliserpentis is a species of chiton in the family Chitonidae.
 The House is a novel written by Danielle Steel and published by Random House in February 2006. The book is Steel's sixty-eighth novel.
 Ranjhan Mera Yaar is a 1984 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 Garrett J. Bradley is the current representative in the Massachusetts House of Representatives for the 3rd Plymouth district which consists of the town of Cohasset in the county of Norfolk; and the towns of Hingham and Hull and precinct 3 of the town of Scituate all in the county of Plymouth.
 Qeshlaq-e Anjireh (Persian: قشلاق انجير‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Anjīreh; also known as Anjīreh) is a village in Tasuj Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 29 families.
 The Blue Cuckooshrike (Coracina azurea) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is found in Angola Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Togo and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Assahra Al Maghribiya (Arabic: الصحراء المغربية‎) is a daily arabophone Moroccan newspaper of Maroc Soir Group. The group was acquired by Saudi Arabian media executive Othman Al Omeir. The paper was launched in 1989.The sister publications of the paper are the royalist francophone Le Matin the hispanophone La Mañana (defunct) and the online Anglophone newspaper Morocco Times (defunct).
 Javier Aponte Dalmau is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). He was elected to the Puerto Rico House of Representatives in 2012 to represent District 38.
 Pancharukhi is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3539 people living in 595 individual households.
 Glendower House (or Glyndŵr House) Glendower Street Monmouth Wales is a Victorian former Congregational chapel constructed in a Classical style. The Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales describes it as a chapel of exceptional sophistication and elaboration of design and one of the earliest Italianate chapels in Wales. It is named after Prince Owain Glyndŵr.
 The Râul Alb is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Vasielu River.
 The Roßberg near Ramberg in the county of Südliche Weinstraße in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate is at 637 m above sea level the third highest mountain in the Palatine Forest.The Roßberg lies in the Haardt the eastern mountain range of te Palatine Forest in the Palatine Forest Nature Park. Its summit rises 1.5 km east of the municipality of Ramberg on the territory of the village of Burrweiler 3.7 km to the southeast.
 Nienaszów [ɲeˈnaʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Żmigród within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Nowy Żmigród 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Jasło and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has an approximate population of 1200.
 Zdenekia is a genus of prehistoric winged insect. It contains the species Z. grandis from the Czech Republic Z. occidentalis from Belgium and Z. silesiensis from Poland.
 Tin Machine II is an album by Tin Machine originally released by Victory Music in 1991.
 Vicious Circle is the fourth studio album released in 1995 by L.A. Guns. Most of the songs have Phil Lewis on lead vocals but the track Nothing Better to Do features Kelly Nickels on lead vocals and Tarantula is instrumental. MC Bones drums on several songs. Lewis and Bones also played together in the band Filthy Lucre. Filthy Lucre bandmates Steve Dior and Jim Wirt sing backing vocals on several songs.
 He and I is a translated and condensed volume by Eveyln M. Brown from a series of books entitled Lui et moi. It is alleged to contain the words of Our Lord to a French woman called Gabrielle Bossis. Lui et moi was originally published by Beauchesne et se Fils 117 rue de Rennes Paris (Imprimatur: Msgr. Jean-Marie Fortier Archbishop Sherbrooke November 14 1969).
 Birbalomys is an extinct genus of rodent from Asia.The 30 centimetres (12 in) long creature has been thought to have been a member of the extant gundi family but reconstructions of its physical appearance are highly speculative. Some paleontologists consider Birbalomys to be the most primitive true rodent related to the ancestors of all members of the order Rodentia.
 Out Of The Bluffs is a critically acclaimed 2009 compact disc by the University of Memphis Southern Comfort Jazz Orchestra recorded in the studio. This was their 2nd CD release since 2007. Since the late 1960s this group has been consistently recognized as one of the top collegiate jazz ensembles in the country recently being invited to the 2011 Jazz Education Network Convention the 2000 International Association for Jazz Education Convention and touring Europe in 1998.
 The Prize in the Game is Jo Walton's third novel published by Tor Books in December 2002. The novel is a prequel to Walton's first two novels The King's Peace and The King's Name; its main characters appear as minor or off-stage characters in those books. The story was loosely inspired by the Táin Bó Cúailnge.
 Mirage is a 1965 thriller directed by Edward Dmytryk from a screenplay by Peter Stone based on the novel Fallen Angel written by Howard Fast under the pseudonym Walter Ericson; the novel is not credited by title onscreen. The film stars Gregory Peck Diane Baker Walter Matthau and Kevin McCarthy and released by Universal Pictures.
 Shabakeh (Network) (ماهنامه شبکه in Persian) is an Iranian information technology magazine founded in 1998 by Hormoz Pur Rostami.
 The NHK Broadcasting Center (NHK放送センター NHK Hōsō Sentā) headquarters of NHK is located in Jinnan Shibuya Tokyo Japan. It includes studios and offices as well as shops and the popular Studio Park which is a popular attraction for schoolchildren and tourists.
 Jeremiah Burns Farm also known as The Burns Place is a historic home and farm located at Washington Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The contributing buildings are the farmhouse (1832) a hewn timber frame Pennsylvania barn (c. 1900) and a small shed dated to the late-19th or early 20th-century. The property also includes the millrace and remains of a sickle mill and a line of cobblestones from the barn to the mill site.
 The Beginning Was the End is a 1971 pseudo-scientific book written by Oscar Kiss Maerth that claims that humankind evolved from cannibalistic apes. Its premise: One ape discovered that eating the fresh brain of one's own kind increases the sexual impulses. He and his descendants became addicted to brains and hunted for them. It was not until later that they noticed that their intelligence increased as a result. The outcome of this process is HOMO SAPIENS. — The Beginning was the End p. 37
 The Rehabilitation Trauma Center at the Santa Clara Valley Medical Center was founded in 1972 and is part of the only federally designated spinal cord injury center in Northern California. The Center is one of the oldest spinal cord injury neurointensive care units in the United States and participated in the original National Institute on Disability and Rehabilitation Research Database collecting retrospective data to 1973.
 Crooked Creek is a tributary of the Allegheny River in both Armstrong and Indiana counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.Several covered bridges span the stream and its tributaries in Indiana County. The Thomas Covered Bridge crosses Crooked Creek in Armstrong Township. The Harmon's Covered Bridge crosses the South Branch Plum Creek and the Trusal Covered Bridge crosses Plum Creek tributaries of Crooked Creek in Washington Township.
 Shalloch on Minnoch is a Corbett at the north end of the Awful Hand range in the Southern Uplands of southern Scotland.
 Zeytinçukuru is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated to the west of Mut on the road to Ermenek at 36°35′N 33°20′E. Its distance to Mut is 19 kilometres (12 mi) and to Mersin is 179 kilometres (111 mi). The population of the village was 117 as of 2012.
 Allen's Spotted Bat (Glauconycteris humeralis) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family.It can be found in the following countries: possibly Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo possibly Kenya and possibly Uganda.It is found in these habitats: subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Tinagma dryadis is a moth of the Douglasiidae family. It was described by Staudinger in 1872. It is found in Scandinavia northern Russia France Switzerland Austria and Italy.The wingspan is 7–8 mm. Adults are on wing in July.The larvae feed on Dryas octopetala.
 Terence Hallinan (born December 4 1936) is an American attorney and politician from San Francisco California. He is the second of six sons born to leftist attorney Vincent Hallinan and his wife Vivian. He currently works in private practice in San Francisco.Hallinan was educated at the London School of Economics University of California Berkeley and University of California Hastings College of the Law.
 Ransford Smith CD (born 23 July 1949) is a senior public servant from Jamaica and is the Deputy Secretary-General for Economic Affairs and Development of the Commonwealth of Nations since August 2006..A career diplomat of nearly 30 years standing in the Jamaican Public and Foreign Service Mr Smith previously served as Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Commerce and Technology and also Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Industry and Investment.
 Clevelandia ios the Arrow goby is a species of goby native to marine and brackish waters of the Pacific coast of North America from British Columbia to Baja California. This species grows to a length of 6.4 centimetres (2.5 in) SL though most do not exceed 4.2 centimetres (1.7 in) TL. This fish can also be found displayed in public aquaria. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Leesville Lake is a reservoir in Virginia the United States used for Hydro-Electric power generation in conjunction with Smith Mountain Lake as a pump storage project.The smaller and lower of the two lakes Leesville Lake covers 3270 acres (13 km²) and contains 94900 acre feet (117100000 m3) of water at full pond. The lake is 17 miles in length with around 110 miles of shoreline.
 Ignore the Ants is the third studio album by American alternative rock band Caroline's Spine. This was the first album to feature their future hit Sullivan. It also featured several other tracks which would be re-recorded for future albums.
 Kamionka Poprzeczna [kaˈmjɔnka pɔˈpʂɛt͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bakałarzewo 16 km (10 mi) west of Suwałki and 112 km (70 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 The 25th Hour is a studio album released by Italian band Vision Divine. The album is a conceptual work based on their past album Stream of Consciousness.
 The Minnesota Governor's Residence serves as the official home of the governor of Minnesota. The house located at 1006 Summit Avenue in Saint Paul is on 1.5 acres (0.61 ha) of land. The building is slightly more than 16000 square feet (1500 m2) in size.The house was designed by Minneapolis architect William Channing Whitney for Saint Paul lumber businessman Horace Hills Irvine and his family. The 20 room English Tudor house has nine bedrooms eight bathrooms and nine fireplaces.
 SM Chengdu is a shopping mall in Chengdu Sichuan province China as part of expansion of SM Prime Holdings Philippines. It is owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings under the management of Henry Sy a Filipino-Chinese business tycoon.
 The Za-Bum Circus (Italian: Circo equestre Za-bum) is a 1944 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Galeazzo Benti.
 Saetosacculina is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 The Execution of Justice (German: Justiz) is a 1985 novel by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt. It tells the story of an attorney who is tasked to reinvestigate a man sentenced for murder. The book criticises elements of the legal system and ponders on the nature of justice. It was adapted into the 1993 film Justice directed by Hans W. Geißendörfer.
 Edward Lavin Girroir (August 26 1871 – May 8 1932) was a Nova Scotia politician.Born August 26 or 27 1871 in Tracadie Nova Scotia he was the son of William Girroir and Anne (Lavin) Girroir. He had a twin brother Hubert who died one month after their birth on September 25 1871. Girroir was educated at Saint Francis Xavier College and Dalhousie University. He was a Halifax lawyer and also lectured on international law at Saint Francis Xavier University in Antigonish Nova Scotia.
 This is a compilation of the fifth and sixth The Desert Sessions releases. Queens of the Stone Age later performed You Think I Ain't Worth a Dollar But I Feel Like a Millionaire on their Songs for the Deaf album and Rickshaw has often been included in their live set. Like a Drug has been re-recorded and features on the certain special editions of Lullabies to Paralyze.
 Lestrimelitta is a genus of stingless bees found in the Neotropics from Mexico to Brazil and Argentina with 19 known species [1]. They are small shining black species from 4mm to 7mm with rounded heads and reduced pollen-carrying apparatus.
 For the mountain in Antarctica see Mount Trident (Antarctica).Trident Volcano is an eroded volcanic complex consisting of numerous domes (up to 23) as high as 6115 feet (1864 m) in elevation along a northeast-southwest oriented volcanic front on the Pacific Ocean side of the Alaska Peninsula.
 ACS Synthetic Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society. It began publishing accepted articles in the Fall of 2011 with the first full monthly issue published in January 2012. It covers all aspects of synthetic biology including molecular systems and synthetic research. The editor-in-chief is Christopher Voigt (Massachusetts Institute of Technology).
 T.R.A.S.H. (Tubes Rarities and Smash Hits) is a compilation album by the rock band The Tubes released in November 1981.
 Mount Queen Bess is one of the principal summits of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains of southern British Columbia. It stands west of Chilko Lake and to the south of Tatlayoko Lake and crowns a peak-studded ridge to the north of the Homathko Icefield.The mountain is named for Queen Elizabeth I of England. Relatively nearby is Mount Raleigh named for Sir Walter Raleigh.
 Digital Times is an online newspaper published in Riga Latvia.The Editor in Chief is Degi Karaev. They are sponsors of Anna-Maria Art studio.
 The Key to Rebecca is a novel by British author Ken Follett. Published in 1980 by Pan Books (ISBN 0792715381) it was a noted bestseller that achieved popularity both in the United Kingdom and worldwide. The code mentioned in the title is an intended throwback from Follett to Daphne du Maurier's famed suspense novel Rebecca.
 Aidanhal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Lingsugur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka.
 Gall wasps also called gallflies are a family (Cynipidae) of the order Hymenoptera and are classified with the Apocrita suborder of wasps in the superfamily Cynipoidea. Their common name comes from the galls they induce on plants for larval development. About 1300 species of this generally very small creature (1-8 mm) are known worldwide with about 360 species of 36 different genera in Europe and some 800 species in North America.
 Amor Estranho Amor (English title: Love Strange Love) is a 1982 Brazilian film. The film stars Vera Fischer Tarcísio Meira and Xuxa Meneghel was directed and written by Walter Hugo Khouri and produced by Anibal Massaini Neto by Cinearte.
 East Oaks is a historic home and farm complex located at Poolesville Montgomery County Maryland. It is a 156-acre (0.63 km2) farm complex consisting of a 2 1⁄2-story c. 1829 Federal-period brick residence situated on a knoll surrounded by agricultural buildings and dependencies whose construction dates span more than a century.
 Watch also called WWW: Watch is a 2010 novel written by Canadian novelist Robert J. Sawyer. It is the second installment in the WWW Trilogy and was preceded by Wake (2009) and followed by Wonder (2011).
 Mesophleps aspina is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Thailand and Burma.The wingspan is 11.5–14 mm. The forewings are light yellow but the basal half of the costa is white.
 Open Heart Surgery was released on August 8 2000 by rock band Virginwool. The band signed to Breaking/Atlantic Records after initially beginning signed to Universal Records. The album was produced and mixed by Brad Wood.I Think Her Mother Loves Me was the first single from the album. A remixed slightly poppier version was released. Better for You was the second single and it too was released in a shorter radio edit.
 The World's Greatest Super-Heroes is the name to the oversized slipcased hardcover collection consisting of six oversized graphic novels all done by writer Paul Dini and artist Alex Ross. The graphic novels are; Superman: Peace on Earth Batman: War on Crime Shazam!: Power of Hope Wonder Woman: Spirit of Truth JLA: Secret Origins and JLA: Liberty and Justice.
 Tripteridia euthynsis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Svorkmo is village in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is situated in the Orkdalen valley along the river Orkla about 60 kilometres (37 mi) west-southwest of the city of Trondheim. Svorkmo is located about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) south of Vormstad and about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) south of Orkanger-Fannrem.
 Women and Men is Joseph McElroy's sixth novel. Published in 1987 (with a 1986 copyright) it is 1192 pages long. Somewhat notably because of its size the uncorrected proof was issued in two volumes.The size and complexity of the novel have led it to be compared in significance with Ulysses The Recognitions and Gravity's Rainbow.The novel is 8th on the Wikipedia List of longest novels and 3rd among novels written in English.
 The Hașca River is a tributary of the Căprioru in Romania. The Petru Vodă Monastery erected in 1992 and dedicated to the victims of Communism is located on a meadow at the confluence of the Hașca River and its tributary the Hășcuța River.
 Mawlaik is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 The Seleștiuța River is a headwater of the Beu River in Romania.
 The Society for Savings Building also known as the Society Corp. Building is a high-rise building on Public Square in downtown Cleveland Ohio United States. The building was constructed in 1889 and stood as the tallest building in Cleveland until 1896 when it was surpassed by the 221-foot (67 m) Guardian Bank Building. The building stands 152 feet (46 m) tall with 10 floors.
 Palmarin (also called Palmarin Fakao Palmarin-facao or Nguedj) is a coastal village in Senegal located in Sine-Saloum near Sangomar Point between Joal-Fadiouth and Djifer.
 Arme syndige menneske (English: Poor sinful man) is a 1980 Norwegian drama film directed by Egil Kolstø starring Svein Scharffenberg and Anne Marie Ottersen. Journalist Erik Mogensen (Scharffenberg) from Oslo travels to Copenhagen to report on drug abuse in the city. Mogensen himself struggles with alcoholism and has previously been committed to a mental institution. During his stay in Copenhagen his drinking problem gets worse.
 Donbal Deh (Persian: دنبالده‎ also Romanized as Donbāl Deh; also known as Donbāleh Deh) is a village in Khorgam Rural District Khorgam District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 10 families.
 Decachorda is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 The Rinderhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Leukerbad in the canton of Valais. It lies east of Gemmi Pass on the chain culminating at the Balmhorn.
 The Valea Ciubotei River is a tributary of the Urlătoarea Mică River in Romania.
 The Scottish Rite Cathedral of San Antonio Texas is located at 308 Avenue E in San Antonio. Construction began on it in 1922 and was completed in 1924 at a cost of $1.5 million.It is a 5.5-story building in the style of a classic revival temple and serves as a headquarters and meeting place for Scottish Rite Masonry in San Antonio and for the South Texas Region.
 Abkosh (Persian: ابكش‎ also Romanized as Ābkosh and Ābkash) is a village in Abkosh Rural District Bord Khun District Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 819 in 144 families.
 Chwarstnica [xfarstˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Gryfino and 22 km (14 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 315.
 James Remley Morris (January 10 1819 - December 24 1899) was a U.S.
 Rescued from an Eagle's Nest is a 1908 American silent action-drama co-directed by Edwin S Porter and J. Searle Dawley for the Edison film studios.This film is significant for both being an early example of the motion picture craft and the film acting debut of the future director D. W. Griffith. In the opening scene he exits a cabin. This appearance was prompted by being both broke and stranded in New York after the failure of a play he authored.
 Soldier is a 1998 American science fiction action film directed by Paul Anderson written by David Webb Peoples and starring Kurt Russell Jason Scott Lee Jason Isaacs Connie Nielsen and Sean Pertwee. The film was released in the United States on October 23 1998. This was Jason Scott Lee's last theatrical release film until 2007's Balls of Fury.
 Yoido Full Gospel Church is a Pentecostal church affiliated with the Assemblies of God on Yeouido (Yoi Island) in Seoul South Korea. With about 1000000 members (2007) it is the largest Pentecostal Christian congregation in South Korea and the world. Founded and led by David Yonggi Cho since 1958.
 The Road to Wigan Pier is a book by the British writer George Orwell first published in 1937. The first half of this work documents his sociological investigations of the bleak living conditions amongst the working class in Lancashire and Yorkshire in the industrial north of England before World War II. The second half is a long essay on his middle-class upbringing and the development of his political conscience questioning British attitudes towards socialism.
 The Ashland Place Historic District is a historic district in the city of Mobile Alabama United States. The neighborhood gained its name from a Greek Revival antebellum house called Ashland that once stood on Lanier Avenue. Ashland was famous as the home of Augusta Evans Wilson. The house burned in 1926. The Ashland Place Historic District was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 23 1987.
 Father of Frankenstein is a 1995 novel by Christopher Bram which speculates on the last days of the life of film director James Whale. Whale directed such groundbreaking works as the 1931 Frankenstein and 1933's The Invisible Man and was a pioneer in the horror film genre.In 1998 Ian McKellen played Whale in the film adaptation of Bram's book titled Gods and Monsters.
 Neustädter Binnenwasser is a lake near Neustadt in Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Perfektan dan za banana ribe (trans. A Perfect Day for Bananafish) is the first and the only album by the Serbian rock band Talas. The album was printed in 3000 copies and is available on LP only since the album has not been reissued on CD.
 Photographos (Greek: Φωτογράφος meaning photographer) is a Greek photography and imaging magazine published monthly by Press Photo Publications and distributed with the Greek newspaper Kathimerini and autonomously the penultimate Saturday of each month. The magazine provides articles on equipment reviews photographic and editing techniques photographic history and profiles of professional photographers.
 Lavondyss also titled Lavondyss: Journey to an Unknown Region is the second fantasy novel of the Mythago Wood series written by Robert Holdstock. Lavondyss was originally published in 1988.
 Indiana Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Indiana Indiana County Pennsylvania. It was designed by Joseph F. Kuntz of Pittsburgh architects W.G. Wilkins Co.. The drill hall was built in 1922 and is a one-story structure with a gambrel roof. The administration building was added in 1929 and consists of a two-story section with a recessed one-story portion.
 Tasik Chenderoh or Chenderoh Lake is a natural lake in Perak Malaysia. The lake is located near the royal town of Kuala Kangsar and archaeological site of Lenggong.
 James E. Edmunds II (born July 21 1970) is an American politician. He has served in the Virginia House of Delegates since 2010 representing the 60th district in Southside Virginia including Charlotte Halifax and Prince Edward Counties and part of Campbell County. He is a member of the Republican Party.Edmunds has served on the House committees on Agriculture Chesapeake and Natural Resources; Counties Cities and Towns; and Militia Police and Public Safety.
 Catocala nymphaea is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Southern France Italy Greece Corsica Sicily Crete North Africa Anatolia Afghanistan and Kashmir.The wingspan is 54–62 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Quercus ilex.
 Kahva (Persian: كهوا‎ also Romanized as Kahvā) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rameyen Castle (Dutch: Hof van Rameyen) is a castle on a lake in Gestel part of the municipality of Berlaar in the province of Antwerp Belgium. It was once owned by Nicolaas Rubens second son of Peter Paul Rubens.
 All Saints is a Church of England parish church situated in Burton upon Trent. It is part of the Diocese of Lichfield.
 Atef Helmy (20 April 1950-) is an Egyptian communication and technology expert and the current minister of communications and information technology.
 Diabantia perparva is a species of praying mantis in the genus Diabantia in the order Mantodea.
 Kuy-e Golestan (Persian: كوي گلستان‎ also Romanized as Kūy-e Golestān) is a village in Jey Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 457 in 118 families.
 Konka is a tributary of Dnieper River flowing through the Kherson Oblast. The city of Hola Prystan a small town founded by Catherine II of Russia is located on the river.
 The Gurminj Museum of Musical Instruments ( or Gurminj Museum) is a museum located in the center of Dushanbe Tajikistan behind the Office of the Mayor on Bokhtar Street.
 The Arabian wolf (Canis lupus arabs) is a subspecies of gray wolf which was once found throughout the Arabian Peninsula but now only lives in small pockets in Southern Israel Southern and western Iraq Oman Yemen Jordan Saudi Arabia and probably some parts of the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt.
 Dan Skattum is a Republican member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to House District 62 which represents the Livingston area.
 Pavilions of Troy was a development design concept for an open-air shopping mall office center and residential area in the Metro Detroit suburb of Troy Michigan United States. However no work is underway on this project concept. Forbes Frankel Company which owns the adjacent Somerset Collection mall acquired the site in 2009 and has not released plans for the site or stated whether they would pursue the project which had been approved for the prior owner of the site.
 Jothe Jotheyali (Kannada: ಜೊತೆ ಜೊತೆಯಲಿ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada film directed by Dinakar Thoogudeep and produced by Meena Thoogudeepa Srinivas. The film stars Prem and Ramya in lead roles with a stellar guest appearance from Darshan Thoogudeep. The music for the movie was composed by a debutante music composer V. Harikrishna.
 Oggi sposi is a 1952 Italian comedy film directed by Marino Girolami.
 Jan Cornelis Jan Kees de Jager (born February 10 1969) is a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He served as State Secretary for Finance from February 22 2007 until February 23 2010 in the Cabinet Balkenende IV. De Jager became Minister of Finance following the resignation of Wouter Bos and served for the remaining parliamentary periode of the Cabinet Balkenende IV.
 The Mulidișu River is a tributary of the Măgura River in Romania.
 Master with Cracked Fingers (Chinese: 刁手怪招; pinyin: diāo shǒu guài zhāo) aka Snake Fist Fighter is a 1979 martial arts film directed by Mu Chu and starring Jackie Chan. It is often cited as being produced in 1971 1973 1974 or 1981. The original footage was filmed in 1971 and released in 1973 as Little Tiger of Canton. The re-edited version entitled Master with Cracked Fingers was not actually released until 1979.
 The Plymouth Meeting Mall is a 952200 square feet (88460 m2) shopping mall located in Plymouth Meeting Pennsylvania approximately 20 miles (32 km) west of Philadelphia.
 The Kuskokwim River or Kusko River (Kusquqvak in Central Yup'ik) is a river 702 miles (1130 km) long in Southwest Alaska in the United States. It is the ninth largest river in the United States by average discharge volume at its mouth and seventeenth largest by basin drainage area.The river provides the principal drainage for an area of the remote Alaska Interior on the north and west side of the Alaska Range flowing southwest into Kuskokwim Bay on the Bering Sea.
 Charles Blandford Farr OBE (born c.1959) is the Director of the Office for Security and Counter-Terrorism (OSCT) at the United Kingdom's Home Office. Farr attended Monkton Combe School in Somerset before studying at Magdalen College Oxford where he completed a PhD in the philosophy of aesthetics.
 Hoffmannola is a genus of air-breathing sea slugs a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Onchidiidae.
 Upleadon Preceptory was a priory in Herefordshire England at grid reference SO66504270.
 Otello is a 1986 film based on the Giuseppe Verdi opera of the same name based on the Shakespeare play Othello. The film was directed by Franco Zeffirelli and starred Plácido Domingo in the title role Katia Ricciarelli as Desdemona and Justino Díaz as Iago. The Orchestra and Chorus of Teatro alla Scala were conducted by Lorin Maazel.The film premiered in West Germany on August 28 1986 and received a U.S. theatrical release on September 12 1986.
 The Woodmen of the World Lodge--Phoenix Camp No. 32 also known as Heritage Museum of Orange was a building in Orange Texas. It was built in 1915 and served historically as a meeting hall and as a specialty store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.The building suffered damage during Hurricane Rita in 2005 but was repaired within a year. It was again damaged in 2008 during Hurricane Ike.
 Søndre Hellstugutinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Kamikaze is the fourth studio album by Chicago rapper Twista which reached the top of the US Billboard 200 album charts in early 2004 based on the success of the lead single Slow Jamz. It was released on January 27 2004 & sold 312000 units first week. The album has received generally positive reviews from critics. It is Twista's first Platinum album and most successful to date.
 Picnic – A Breath of Fresh Air is a sampler issued by the Harvest Records label originally released in 1970 and notable for including the previously unreleased Pink Floyd song Embryo.The similarly-entitled A Breath of Fresh Air – A Harvest Records Anthology 1969–1974 released on 14 May 2007 borrowed most of the original title but had only three tracks in common with its precursor (Pink Floyd's Embryo Panama Limited's Round and Round and Quatermass' Black Sheep of the Family).
 The South Negril River is a river in Westmoreland Jamaica.
 Thomas F. Mack McLarty III (born June 14 1946) is a prominent Arkansas business and political leader and former White House Chief of Staff for US President Bill Clinton. He is the President of McLarty Associates a Washington-based consulting company as well as Chief Executive Officer of the McLarty Companies.
 Peter Samuel Brunstetter (born February 28 1956 in San Francisco California) is a former Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly who represented the state’s 31st Senate district including constituents in Forsyth County North Carolina. He resigned from the legislature effective Dec.
 Knight Rider is a 2008 television film which was created to serve as a backdoor pilot for the new Knight Rider television series a revival of the series of the same name which aired during the 1980s. This film does not refer to either the Knight Rider 2000 film or the Team Knight Rider television series.
 The Watermark Detroit project is one of three condo developments chosen to fill sites along the Detroit Riverfront once occupied by cement companies. The project previously known as Chene West was the first to reach a development agreement with the city.Detroit businessman former Piston and current Mayor of Detroit Dave Bing said construction of the buildings which were to house 112 units that included condos and town homes was expected to be completed by 2009.
 Lake Chala is a crater lake in a caldera on the borders of Tanzania and Kenya on the eastern edge of Mount Kilimanjaro not far from the town of Moshi and 8 km north of Taveta. Depending on the time of year it ranges in colour from deep blue to turquoise and green it is surrounded by a 100 metres high crater rim. The lake is fed by groundwater flows which come from Mount Kilimanjaro fed and drained under ground with a rate of about 10 million m³ / year. Even the Chala loses volume.
 The Savages is a 2007 American drama film written and directed by Tamara Jenkins. It stars Philip Seymour Hoffman and Laura Linney and premiered at the Sundance Film Festival.
 The Baca-Goodman House was a single-dwelling home in Tucumcari New Mexico United States. Tucumcari merchant Benito Baca built the house around 1905 and subsequent owner Herman Goodman expanded it in the 1920s. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 as an example of early 20th century New Mexico architecture but it was removed from the Register four years later.
 Cheap Thrills is a 2013 black comedy thriller directed by E.L. Katz. It premiered at South by Southwest (SXSW) on March 8 2013 and was acquired by Drafthouse Films and Snoot Entertainment. It was released on March 24 2014 in the United States.
 János Latorcai (born 9 May 1944) is a Hungarian engineer and politician and has been Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary since 2010.
 Thomas Royal Phillips (born 1949) is an attorney with the Baker Botts firm in Austin Texas who was from 1988 to 2004 the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Texas. With nearly seventeen years of service Phillips is the third-longest tenured Chief Justice in Texas history. He was appointed by Governor Bill Clements and was at that time the youngest Chief Justice since Texas became a state. In November 1988 he became the first Republican to be elected Chief Justice in the state's history.
 Ancylostoma is a genus that includes some species of hookworm.Species include: Ancylostoma braziliense commonly infects cats popularly known in Brazil as bicho-geográfico Ancylostoma caninum commonly infects dogs Ancylostoma ceylanicum Ancylostoma duodenale Ancylostoma pluridentatum commonly infects sylvatic cats Ancylostoma tubaeforme infects cats along with other hosts
 The Río ícán is a river in Southwest Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre range on the slopes of the Santo Tomás volcano in the department of Suchitepéquez. It flows southwards through the coastal lowlands of Suchitepequez to the Pacific Ocean.The river runs more or less parallel to its main tributary the Sís River. The Sís - Icán river basin covers a territory of 919 km2.
 Far Off Grace is the third full-length album by the German progressive metal band Vanden Plas. It was later re-released in 2004 as a special edition with two bonus track and multimedia material.
 Zabardast is an Indian film directed by Nasir Hussain and produced by Mushir-Riaz released in 1985. The movie stars Sanjeev Kumar Jayapradha Sunny Deol Rajiv Kapoor Rati Agnihotri and Amrish Puri.
 Slave to the Rhythm is the seventh studio album by Grace Jones released on 28 October 1985 by Island Records. The concept album produced by Trevor Horn went on to become one of Jones' greatest album triumphs commercially and spawned her biggest hit Slave to the Rhythm.
 Camp Douglas was an internment camp for Prisoners of War (POW) during World War II located in the city of Douglas Wyoming United States. Between January 1943 and February 1946 in the camp housing first Italian and then German prisoners of war in the United States. While there are few remaining structures the walls of the Officer's Club were painted with murals by three Italian prisoners.
 The Queen of Attolia is a young adult fantasy novel by Megan Whalen Turner first published by HarperCollins in 2001.The Queen of Attolia is the sequel to The Thief and is the second of Turner's four books about Eugenides the Thief of Eddis.
 Mount St Mary's Church or the Church of the Immaculate Virgin Mary is a Grade II* listed building and a redundant Roman Catholic church in Leeds. It was founded in 1851 and designed by Joseph Hansom with extensions by Edward Pugin. It is next to Mount St Mary's Catholic High School Leeds.
 Blood on the Bricks is a studio album by the Iron City Houserockers. A more restrained album than their previous two efforts the album was produced by Steve Cropper (of Booker T. and the M.G.'s) instead of hard rock producers like Have a Good Time but Get out Alive!. Among the better cuts on the album were the title song Saints and Sinners (a song about Vietnam) and Be My Friend which includes a guitar riff in tribute to Van Morrison's Here Comes the Night.
 Burning the Days is the fifth studio album from the band Vertical Horizon released on September 22 2009.
 Deh Zir (Persian: ده زير‎ also Romanized as Deh Zīr and Deh-e Zīr; also known as Dehrīz) is a village in Abadeh Tashk Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 567 in 144 families.
 Zale is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 1808: The Flight of the Emperor subtitled How a Weak Prince a Mad Queen and the British Navy Tricked Napoleon and Changed the New World (Portuguese: 1808: Como uma rainha louca um príncipe medroso e uma corte corrupta enganaram Napoleão e mudaram a História de Portugal e do Brasil which translates as How a mad queen a coward prince and a corrupt court fooled Napoleon and changed the History of Portugal and Brazil) is a non-fiction historical book written by Laurentino Gomes edited by Planeta.In 2008 the book was awarded as the best essay book by Academia Brasileira de Letras. 
 Full Employment Abandoned: Shifting Sands and Policy Failures is a book on macroeconomic issues written by economists William Mitchell & Joan Muysken and first published in 2008.
 Cherimoya (4 May 1908 – 1927) was a Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1911 Epsom Oaks in the only start of her racing career. Cherimoya was bred and owned by South African mining magnate William Broderick Cloete who was killed in 1915 during the sinking of the Lusitania. Her most notable offspring were the fillies Sunny Moya and Una Cameron. Cherimoya was euthanised in 1927.
 Peace on Earth is the first Christmas album by American Christian rock band Casting Crowns. Produced by Mark Hall and Mark A. Miller it was released on October 7 2008. Intended by Hall to bring out the worshipful aspect of Christmas the album does not have songs relating to secular Christmas traditions instead featuring a mix of traditional Christmas carols and original songs.
 Coombe Hill Canal lies in the Vale of Gloucester south west England north of Leigh and runs eastwards 2.75 miles (4.43 km) from Coombe Hill Basin to the River Severn near Wainlode Hill. It opened in 1796 and closed 80 years later in 1876 after the only lock was damaged by flooding. The Gloucestershire Wildlife Trust purchased the Coombe Hill Canal nature reserve in 1985 and the area is managed by the Trust.
 Adams Glacier is situated on the northwest flank of Mount Adams a 12281-foot (3743 m) stratovolcano in the U.S. state of Washington. Much of it becomes the source of Adams Creek a tributary of the Cispus River.
 Bjelajci (Serbian: Бјелајци) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Asia Society (AustralAsia) is part of the global not-for profit education organisation Asia Society headquartered in New York. Launched in 1997 the AustralAsia office of Asia Society carried on the objectives of Asia Society's founder John D Rockefeller III to promoting a stronger Asia literate world. In 2009 Asia Society (AustralAsia) began its joint collaboration with Asialink and continues to work together on a multitude of projects.
 Palm Tree Mosque or the Church of Jan van Bougies is a former residence and current mosque in Long Street Cape Town South Africa. It is the oldest substantially unaltered building in Long Street.The building stands on land once owned by Hermanus Smuts south-west of a block of land granted to him in 1751. The grant was bounded by Long Leeuwen and Keerom Streets. After his wife died in 1754 portions of the property were sold off. At the time the property had stables on it.
 Urge Pärnu County is a village in Sauga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Józefów-Kolonia [juˈzɛfuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Poddębice and 42 km (26 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Blood & Thunder: The Life & Art of Robert E. Howard is a biography of the writer Robert E. Howard by Mark Finn first published in a trade paperback edition in November 2006 by MonkeyBrain Books. A second expanded and corrected edition was published in hardcover by The Robert E. Howard Foundation Press in January 2012; a trade paperback followed from the same publisher in 2013. Both editions include an introduction by suspense writer Joe R.
 Sangachin (Persian: سنگاچين‎ also Romanized as Sangāchīn; also known as Sangar Chīn Sangarchīn and Sankāchīn) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2421 in 708 families.
 Snake in the Grass is a 2002 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is about two middle-aged women who return to the house of their late father who abused them in different ways. It was written as a female companion piece to the 1994 ghost play Haunting Julia and in 2008 these two plays together with new play Life and Beth were folded into a trilogy named Things That Go Bump.
 Shahrak-e Makuyeh (Persian: شهرك مكويه‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Makūyeh; also known as Makūyeh) is a village in Seyfabad Rural District in the Central District of Khonj County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 854 in 165 families.
 Ovulatibuccinum is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Castaic Creek is a 25.0-mile-long (40.2 km) stream in the Sierra Pelona Mountains in northeastern Los Angeles County California. It is a tributary of the Santa Clara River.
 Sobolice [sɔbɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Nowogród Bobrzański and 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.
 The Cherokee National Capitol in Tahlequah Oklahoma was the capitol building of the Cherokee Nation from 1869 to 1907 when Oklahoma became a state.The Cherokee Nation had set up its government quickly after removal to Indian Territory in 1838. In addition to establishing its courts and council the Nation built seminaries for both male and female students as education was highly valued. The capitol was constructed from 1867-1869 following the American Civil War.
 Sforza Castle (Italian: Castello Sforzesco) is a castle in Milan northern Italy. It was built in the 15th century by Francesco Sforza Duke of Milan on the remains of a 14th-century fortification. Later renovated and enlarged in the 16th and 17th centuries it was one of the largest citadels in Europe. Largely remade by Luca Beltrami in 1891-1905 it now houses several of the city's museums and art collections.
 The Gospel according to Mark (originally in Spanish El Evangelio según Marcos) is a short story by the Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges. It is one of the stories in the short story collection Doctor Brodie's Report (originally in Spanish El informe de Brodie) first published in 1970.
 Capys connexivus the African Protea Butterfly is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania Malawi Zambia Angola and Zimbabwe.Adults are on wing year round with a peak from August to November.The larvae feed on Protea gaguedi and Protea angolensis.
 Greenport Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Greenport in Suffolk County New York. The district has 254 contributing buildings. It contains a large dense collection of largely unchanged structures that from about 1750 to the 1930s.
 Pinocchio is a 2002 Italian live-action family film directed by and starring Roberto Benigni. The film is based on The Adventures of Pinocchio by Carlo Collodi with Benigni portraying Pinocchio. It was shot in Italy and Kalkara Malta. The film was later dubbed in the United States.
 Urtinotherium is a prehistoric genus of odd-toed ungulate. It is large animal that was closely related to Paraceratherium and is named after the Urtyn Obo formation of Inner Mongolia in which it was first discovered.
 Das Autogramm is a 1984 West German drama film directed by Peter Lilienthal. It was entered into the 34th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Głupice [ɡwuˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Drużbice 12 km (7 mi) north of Bełchatów and 36 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 New Prospect Church also known as New Prospect Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at 4445 Sheep Creek Road near Bedford Bedford County Virginia USA. It was built in 1880 and is a one-story wood frame building painted white and in a vernacular Greek Revival style. It measures 34 feet wide and 45 feet long and has a low-pitched gable roof.
 Juan y la Borrega (or Juan and la Borrega) is a 2011 Mexican short drama/thriller by Mexican director J. Xavier Velasco.
 Bowie: A Biography is a biography on the life and times of musician David Bowie a twentieth century music and cultural icon. The book is written by Marc Spitz and was released on October 27 2009 by the Crown Publishing Group.
 The Adventures of Peregrine Pickle is a picaresque novel by the Scottish author Tobias Smollett (1721–1771) first published in 1751 and revised and reissued in 1758. It is the story of the fortunes and misfortunes of the egotistical dandy Peregrine Pickle and it provides a comic and caustic portrayal of 18th-century European society.
 Automatic is a sexy punk rock/hardcore punk CD released by the band The Stitches.
 Patrick Ibrahim Yakowa (1 December 1948 – 15 December 2012) was a Nigerian politician. He was appointed Deputy Governor of Kaduna State Nigeria in July 2005 and returned as Deputy Governor in the April 2007 elections. He was sworn in as Governor on 20 May 2010 replacing former governor Namadi Sambo who had been sworn in as Vice President the day before.Yakowa successfully ran for election as Kaduna Governor in the 26 April 2011 polls.
 Shirley-Anne Somerville (born 2 September 1974) is a Scottish politician and was SNP MSP for the Lothians region from 2007 to 2011.
 Isle of View is the thirteenth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Paskhan Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 881 in 222 families.
 Kentucky Blue Streak is a 1935 American film directed by Bernard B. Ray.The film is also known as The Blue Streak in the United Kingdom.
 Jowzjan (Persian: جوزجان‎ also Romanized as Jowzjān and Jowz Jān; also known as Jūzān and Juzjūn) is a village in Nasrovan Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 925 in 208 families.
 Arabshah (Persian: عربشاه‎ also Romanized as ‘Arabshāh) is a village in Ansar Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 538 in 104 families.
 Persepolis Men (Persian: مردان پرسپولیس Mardaaneh Persepolis) is a documentary film about Iranian football club Persepolis. the cover of CD shows Afshin Ghotbi rising his hand toward on a red background.
 Irvine Park is a neighborhood just west of downtown Saint Paul Minnesota United States that contains a number of historic homes. The neighborhood was platted by John Irvine and Henry Mower Rice in 1849. At the center of the neighborhood is Irvine Park a New England-style public square. The neighborhood is a district listed on the National Register of Historic Places and also designated by the city as a historic district.The neighborhood suffered for much of the twentieth century.
 Väimela Alajärv is a lake in Võru County of eastern Estonia.
 Bryon H. Short (born March 7 1966) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Delaware House of Representatives since 2007 representing District 7.
 The Toynbee Convector is a short story collection by Ray Bradbury. Several of the stories are original to this collection. Others originally appeared in the magazines Playboy Omni Gallery Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine Woman's Day and Weird Tales.
 The North Main–Bank Streets Historic District is located along those streets in Albion New York United States. It is one of two historic districts in the village comprising the commercial core of the village developed during its years as a major stop on the Erie Canal. A portion of the canal now the New York State Barge Canal and two of its bridges are within the district.Its buildings represent a diverse collection of architectural styles over a century of development.
 The First Circus is an 1921 American short silent animated film produced and directed by Tony Sarg and Herbert M. Dawley featuring a pair of prehistoric circus performers balancing upon a brontosaurus. A print has been preserved in the US Library of Congress film archive.
 Kalateh-ye Fazel (Persian: كلاته فاضل‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Fāẕel) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District Nasrabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 493 in 102 families.
 Theological Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Society of Jesus in the United States covering research on all aspects of theology. The journal is hosted by Marquette University and was established in 1940. The current editor-in-chief is David G. Schultenover (Marquette University).
 The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game is a book by Michael Lewis released in 2006 by W. W. Norton & Company. It focuses on American football.
 Sweet Marie was a 1925 short comedy silent film directed by Philadelphian director Benjamin Stoloff starring Sid Smith.
 Eryonidae is a family of fossil decapod crustaceans which lived from the Upper Triassic to the Lower Cretaceous. It contains four genera: An aggregation of three unidentified eryonids was reported in 2012 inside a Late Jurassic ammonoid of the species Harpoceras falciferum; they represent the earliest evidence of gregarious behaviour in decapods.Cycleryon Glaessner 1965Eryon A. G. Desmarest 1817Knebelia Van Straelen 1922Rosenfeldia Garassino Teruzzi & Dalla Vecchia 1996↑ ↑ ↑
 Maximilian (Max) Franz August von Forckenbeck (October 23 1821 - May 26 1892) was a German lawyer and politician and served as Mayor of Berlin from 1878 to 1892. His is considered one of the most important mayors of the city because of his prudent management style.
 Popsmear is an album by the band Filthy Lucre.
 Purple is a French fashion art and culture magazine founded in 1992.
 Ill Met by Moonlight first published in 1950 is a non-fiction book written by W. Stanley Moss a British soldier writer and traveller. He recounted his and Patrick Leigh Fermor’s activities during World War II as agents in Crete of the Special Operations Executive (SOE) notably their extraordinary kidnapping of Heinrich Kreipe Commander of the 22nd Air Landing Infantry Division that was occupying Crete and abduction of Kreipe to Cairo (and British war forces) in 1944.
 Juan Larrea (June 24 1782 in Catalonia Spain – June 20 1847 in Buenos Aires) was a Spanish businessman and politician in Buenos Aires during the early nineteenth century. He headed a military unit during the second British invasion of the Río de la Plata and worked at the Buenos Aires Cabildo. He took part in the ill-fated Mutiny of Álzaga. Larrea and Domingo Matheu were the only two Spanish-born members of the Primera Junta the first national government of Argentina.
 Grasmere is one of the smaller lakes of the English Lake District in the county of Cumbria. It gives its name to the village of Grasmere famously associated with the poet William Wordsworth which lies immediately to the north of the lake.The lake is 1680 yd (1540 m) long and 700 yd (640 m) wide covering an area of 0.24 mi² (0.62 km²). It has a maximum depth of 70 ft (21m) and an elevation above sea level of 208 ft (62 m).
 Early Demos and Singles is a compilation EP of early tracks by the Colorado-based group Dethcentrik. It included their most notable singles and alternate versions of them: Society's Whores and Life Down the Toilet. Also included as a bonus track was a live version of Society's Whores. The album was also alternatively titled Dethcentrik.
 Isaac M. Haswell House is a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County New York. It was built in 1880 and is a two story farmhouse in the Italianate style. It features a one story porch with ornate brackets finials and carved rope decorations.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Heliura baleris is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1910. It is found in Mexico.
 The Transformers: Evolutions is the title of what was intended to be several comic book miniseries published by IDW Publishing following the same idea of DC Comics' Elseworlds series. Each series was to create an alternative reality: a continuity in a different time era during which the Transformers would exist. In other words the Transformers can exist at places and at points in time that would not be possible in the current 'IDW-verse'.
 Afterthoughts is an album album released in May 2013 by the progressive rock band Nosound released on Kscope.Afterthoughts is initially released as:2disc set: DVD-A/DVD-V: NTSC 16:9 (Region Free) with stereo and 5.1 surround high resolution 24bit / 96 kHz mixes plus DTS and Dolby Digital 5.1 surround versions.double vinyl edition: Pressed on heavyweight (180gm) vinyl and packaged in a gatefold sleeve.The first 500 orders of vinyl package will be signed and numbered and also comes with an Instrumental CD version of the release and a cloth bag↑ ↑ ↑ ↑
 The Indiana World War Memorial Plaza is an urban feature located in Indianapolis Indiana United States originally built to honor the veterans of World War I. The five-city-block plaza was conceived in 1919 as a location for the national headquarters of the American Legion and a memorial to the state's and nation's veterans. At the north end of the plaza is the American Legion Mall which is the site of the administration buildings of the Legion as well as a memorial cenotaph.
 Lipa [ˈlipa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Church of Saint Peter in Cremeno (Italian: Chiesa di San Pietro di Cremeno) is a Roman Catholic church in Genoa the capital of Liguria Italy.
 The Pataua River is a tidal river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northeast from its origins east of Whangarei reaching the Pacific Ocean at the southern end of Ngunguru Bay. At its mouth the river is flanked by the settlements of Pataua North and Pataua South which are separated by a footbridge.
 Hipolity [xipɔˈlitɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Lututów 24 km (15 mi) east of Wieruszów and 84 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Correntes River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 John Treadwell (November 23 1745 – August 18 1823) was an American politician and the 21st Governor of Connecticut.
 Phyllonorycter brachylaenae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa. The habitat consists of understory vegetation in secondary forests.The length of the forewings is 3.06–3.33 mm. The forewings are elongate and the ground colour is golden ochreous with white markings. The hindwings are uniformly pale fuscous and a light fuscous fringe.
 Alosa agone is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alosa.Alosa agone is an endangered species of the Alosa genus.
 Rollin Simmons Woodruff (July 14 1854 – June 30 1925) was an American politician and the 62nd Governor of Connecticut.
 Eyvaq (Persian: ايوق‎ also Romanized as Īvaq; also known as Ayyoogh Iva and Ivāh) is a village in Sharabian Rural District Mehraban District Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1348 in 294 families.
 The Swiss Tech Convention Center (French: Centre de conférences de l'École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne) is a conference centre at the École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) Switzerland.The biggest auditorium has a capacity of 3000 seats. The centre is located directly at the EPFL station of the Lausanne Metro Line 1.
 Between the Knees (Hangul: 무릎과 무릎사이; RR: Muleupgwa muleupsai) is a 1984 South Korean film about a married woman who suffers from abnormal sexual tendencies which leads to her downfall.
 Final Destination is an American horror franchise based on an unproduced spec script by Jeffrey Reddick originally written for the X-Files television series. Distributed by New Line Cinema all five films are centered on the themes of fatalism predestination and precognition in relation to death (i.e. how to foresee avoid or control it).
 Tracker is a joint comic book venture of Top Cow Productions and Heroes and Villains Entertainment. It was written by Jonathan Lincoln and has art done by Francis Tsai Derek Donovan and Abhishek Malsuni.
 Bruce Doolin Henderson (1915–1992) was the founder of the Boston Consulting Group (BCG). Henderson founded BCG in 1963 in Boston Massachusetts. He headed the firm as President and CEO until 1980 and stayed on as Chairman until 1985.
 Return to Rocheworld is a 1993 science fiction novel by Robert L. Forward and Julie Forward Fuller. It is the sequel to Forward's Rocheworld (a.k.a. The Flight of the Dragonfly) a novel about the first manned interstellar mission to a unique double planet.Having discovered that the Roche lobe of the planet is subject to periodic flooding the explorers return there to find that Roche also harbors not only life but intelligence as well.
 Angaaray is a 1998 Hindi language action film directed by Mahesh Bhatt. This film is inspired by the Hollywood film State of Grace. Akshay Kumar did a lot of dangerous stunts like jumping from one moving bus to another hanging on to a speeding bus with only his legs and jumping from a 6-floor building to a 3-floor building which are apart by 45 feet at one stretch for this movie. Mahesh Bhatt again used the same theme in his movie Footpath starring Aftab Shivdasani & directed by Vikram Bhatt.
 Umbraculum umbraculum common name the umbrella slug is a species of large sea snail or limpet a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Umbraculidae.
 Ścienne [ˈɕt͡ɕɛnnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ińsko within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Ińsko 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 408.
 Hold on Now Youngster... is the debut album by Cardiff-based indie rock band Los Campesinos! released in February 2008 on Wichita Recordings. It consists of 12 tracks despite only 11 being listed. This is because 2007: The Year Punk Broke (My Heart) appears as an unlisted track on the CD version and as a C-side (the etched orange vinyl) on the double gatefold vinyl. It entered the UK album charts at number 72.
 The Lake Butler Woman's Club also known as the Old Union County Courthouse is an historic building now located at 285 NE First Avenue in Lake Butler Union County Florida. It was built in 1923 on the site of the present Union County Courthouse and replaced two previous courthouses which had served Bradford County from which Union County had been separated in 1921.
 Konstantinos (Kostis) Chatzidakis (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος (Κωστής) Χατζηδάκης; born 20 April 1965 in Rethymno) is a Greek politician from the New Democracy party.He was elected a Member of the European Parliament for New Democracy (part of the European People's Party) in the European elections of 1994 1999 and 2004.In the 2007 Greek legislative election he was elected to the Greek Parliament for an Athens constituency and consequently resigned from the European Parliament.He served as Minister for Transport and Communications from 2007 to 2009 and then as Minister for Development in 2009.On 15 December 2010 when leaving parliament during the Greek general strike he was ambushed by protesters angry with his role in precipitating the 2010 debt crisisleaving him with blood pouring from his head after being chased and beaten by dozens of protesters.
 Ochyrotica breviapex is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Indonesia Papua New Guinea Guadalcanal Misamis and Mindanao.
 Bergaki (Persian: برگكي‎ also Romanized as Bergakī and Bargakī; also known as Barkakī) is a village in Sornabad Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 16 families.
 The Adventures of Augie March is a picaresque novel by Saul Bellow published in 1953 by Viking Press. It features the eponymous Augie March who grows up during the Great Depression and it is an example of bildungsroman tracing the development of an individual through a series of encounters occupations and relationships from boyhood to manhood.The Adventures won the 1954 U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.
 Cheneh Sar (Persian: چنه سر‎) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 61 families.
 Ursentalbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Sar-e Lerd (Persian: سر لرد‎) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 21 families.
 Peleh-ye Baba Hoseyn (Persian: پله باباحسين‎ also Romanized as Peleh-ye Bābā Ḩoseyn Palleh-ye Baba Hoseyn Poleh-ye Bābā Ḩoseyn and Pali-Baba-Hussein; also known as Palābwāsil) is a village in Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. It lies to the southeast of Khorramabad although the roads leading to it make the distance considerably further. At the 2006 census its population was 922 in 197 families.
 One Good Night Deserves Another is the title of the 4th studio album by American country music artist Steve Wariner. It was released in 1985 by MCA Nashville. The album produced three singles What I Didn't Do Heart Trouble and Some Fools Never Learn which respectively reached #3 #8 and #1 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart. Some Fools Never Learn was number one for one week and spent a total of twenty-two weeks on the chart.
 Mar Thoma Shleeha Cathedral is a Syro-Malabar Catholic cathedral located in Bellwood Illinois United States. It is the seat for the St. Thomas Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Chicago. The church was dedicated on July 5 2008. The grotto on the cathedral grounds was dedicated by Mar George Alencherry in October 2011.
 Volcano is the fifth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Satyricon. It was released on 25 October 2002 through Moonfog Productions. The album is one of the band's more successful records having won several awards including the Norwegian Grammy for Best Metal Album Alarm awards for Metal Album of the Year Song of the Year for Fuel for Hatred and an Oslo award for Best Overall Album. A video was made for the single Fuel for Hatred.
 La Tribune is a French Canadian daily newspaper founded and published in Sherbrooke Quebec since 1910. It is owned by Gesca Limitee a subsidiary of Power Corporation.
 Tomb of Lê Văn Duyệt (Vietnamese: Lăng Tả quân Lê Văn Duyệt) also known as Tomb of the Marshal in Ba Chieu (Lăng Ông Bà Chiểu) is a Vietnamese tomb located in Bình Thạnh District Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam. The tomb was originally built for Marshal Lê Văn Duyệt and his wife but later became some other Nguyễn Dynasty's mandarins worship house.
 The Kampung Boy also known as Lat the Kampung Boy or simply Kampung Boy is a graphic novel by Lat about a young boy's experience growing up in rural Perak in the 1950s. The book is an autobiographical account of the artist's life telling of his adventures in the jungles and tin mines his circumcision family and school life. It is also the basis for the eponymous animated series broadcast in 1999.
 George James Chanos (born 1950) is an American attorney and politician. He was the Attorney General of the state of Nevada United States. He was appointed by Governor Kenny Guinn on October 26 2005 to fill out the term of his predecessor Brian Sandoval who became a federal district judge. He also created a moderately successful trivia board game known as Notable Quotables on December 28 1990. He is a member of the Republican Party.
 Jazz Guitarist is a solo studio album by jazz guitarist Ted Dunbar recorded in 1982 for Xanadu Records.
 Judge (ジャッジ Jajji) is a manga series written and illustrated by Fujihiko Hosono published in Futabasha's Weekly Manga Action. The story focuses on the Japanese hell where judgment is passed on the living.An original video animation based on the manga was released in 1991.
 It's Everybody's War was a short dramatic propaganda film produced by 20th Century Fox and distributed by the Office of War Information in 1942. The film is set up to show the chronological effects of the war on a typical American small town. Two years ago they sent off their company of the National Guard but didn't think they would actually go to battle. They first get sanguine letters home about training and being stationed in the Philippines without a thought to the possibility of combat.
 Maritime The Maine Maritime Museum offers exhibits about Maine's maritime heritage culture and the role Maine has played in regional and global maritime activities.
 The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Fifth Edition abbreviated as DSM-5 is the 2013 update to the American Psychiatric Association's (APA) classification and diagnostic tool. In the United States the DSM serves as a universal authority for psychiatric diagnosis.
 Sohra Qaleh Shazadeh (Persian: صحراقلعه شازده‎ also Romanized as Şoḩrā Qal‘eh Shāzadeh) is a village in Karkevand Rural District in the Central District of Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Cheritrini are a small tribe of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae; they contain the imperials and allies. Their closest living relatives seem to be the Horagini; indeed the genus Ahmetia (formerly called Cowania) was in the past often placed there.
 Parallel Play is a memoir by Tim Page originally issued over the author's objections as Parallel Play: Growing Up With Undiagnosed Asperger's. (The subtitle was dropped after the first edition.) Published in 2009 by Doubleday Parallel Play describes Page's early life growing up in Storrs Connecticut where he was regularly described as a genius and became known as a precocious filmmaker through the documentary A Day With Timmy Page.
 Cobra Trap is the title of a short story collection by Peter O'Donnell featuring his action/adventure heroine Modesty Blaise. The book was published in 1996 and is the thirteenth and final book in the Modesty Blaise series which began in 1965. Cobra Trap was released 11 years after the previous book in the series Dead Man's Handle. It was the final book to be written by O'Donnell before his death in 2010.
 Barney Augustus Eaton was a politician in Wisconsin.
 Blow Your Cool! is Australian rock group Hoodoo Gurus' third album released in May 1987 and contains their hit single What's My Scene?. The single reached #3 on the Australian Music Charts.
 The Agnes River is a river in the Lake Huron drainage basin in Unorganized Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario Canada.The river begins at an Sinaminda Lake and flows southeast to its mouth at the Spanish River which flows to the North Channel on Lake Huron.
 Dinglishna Hill /dɪŋˈlɪʃnə/ is a hill located East of Mount Susitna in the Matanuska-Susitna Valley of South Central Alaska. It is also the name of the Dinglishna Hills subdivision of the Matanuska-Susitna Borough Alaska.
 The D Case (full English title: The D. Case Or The Truth About The Mystery Of Edwin Drood) (original Italian title: La verità sul caso D. 'The truth about the D. case') is a humorous literary critique of Charles Dickens' unfinished work The Mystery of Edwin Drood first published in Italy in 1989.Written in the form of a novel by Italian authors Carlo Fruttero and Franco Lucentini the book explores the Dickens mystery from the perspective of many famous literary detectives such as C.
 The Starship Trap is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Mel Gilden.
 Animal Farm is a made-for-TV film released in 1999 by Hallmark Films. It is an adaptation of the 1945 George Orwell novel of the same name. The film tells the story of farm animals successfully revolting against their human owner only to slide into a more brutal tyranny among themselves.
 The Frontier (Spanish: La Frontera) is a 1991 Chilean film directed by Ricardo Larraín and starring Patricio Contreras and Gloria Laso. Larraín won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement at the 42nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Charles William Bill Carrico Sr. (born November 6 1961) is an American politician in the Republican Party. He is currently a member of the Senate of Virginia representing the 40th District. Carrico's campaign for Senate was heavily financed by coal mining interests such as Alpha Natural Resources Consol Energy and Richard Baxter Gilliam. From 2002 to 2011 he was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 5th District in the southwestern part of the state.
 Escape from Monsta Island! is the first full-length album released by the Monsta Island Czars notably featuring MF Doom under his King Geedorah alias. Although the Monsta Island Czars was founded by MF Grimm he is absent on the entire album due to his incarceration at the time of its production and release.
 Crusoe is a 1989 film directed by Caleb Deschanel. It is a variation on the story told in the novel Robinson Crusoe written by author Daniel Defoe. The film stars Aidan Quinn as Crusoe.
 Smoking with Willis is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson which was recorded in New York City in 1965 and released on the Cadet label.
 Tokyo Diner is a three-floor Japanese restaurant on the corner of Newport Place and Lisle Street in the Chinatown area of the West End of London. The company was formed in January 1990 and the restaurant opened to the public in December 1992.
 The Lawless Frontier is a 1934 American Western film directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne Sheila Terry George Gabby Hayes and Earl Dwine.
 Game Plan for Disaster is the 76th title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon.
 Valley Paper Mill Chimney and Site is a historic chimney and archaeological site located at Alcove in Albany County New York. It consists of the surviving 1844 Valley Paper Mill chimney and the site of the former straw pulp paper mill. The chimney is a rectangular brick tapered structure measuring 9.5 feet by 9.5 feet at its base and rising 110 feet. The mill was destroyed by fire in 1891 and the site leveled and filled.
 The third album released by Jon Kennedy and the first on which he has performed vocals.
 Mastigoteuthis pyrodes is a species of whip-lash squid.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 519 N. Buckeye Avenue in Abilene Kansas United States. It was built in 1939 and added to the National Register in 2001.
 Apollo Kids is the ninth studio album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan-member Ghostface Killah released on December 21 2010 by Def Jam Recordings. Guests on the album include several Wu-Tang members and affiliates as well as Redman Black Thought Busta Rhymes Joell Ortiz and Game among others. Apollo Kids is the follow-up to Ghostface's R&B-oriented Ghostdini: Wizard of Poetry in Emerald City (2009) and serves as a return to the characteristic Wu-Tang Sound.
 Ross McGregor is a Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives representing the 72nd District since 2005. He is the Chairman of the Transportation Subcommittee of the House Finance and Appropriations Committee.
 Invisible Friends is a 1989 children's play by the British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. Often seen as a companion play to Woman in Mind it is about a teenager Lucy who escapes her unhappiness with her own family by reviving her imaginary childhood friend Zara who invites herself to stay with Lucy. Lucy's family however do not approve of this imaginative thinking and Zara helps Lucy to make them invisible which results in Lucy feeling much happier.
 In the Name of the Pope King or In nome del papa re is a 1977 Italian drama film written and directed by Luigi Magni. Starring Nino Manfredi it was not released in USA until 1986. The score was composed by Armando Trovajoli.
 The Elaho River is a c.70 km long river beginning in the Coast Mountains northwest of the towns of Whistler and Pemberton British Columbia. It is a tributary of the Squamish River and is known for its whitewater rafting and kayaking as well as for the intense alpine scenery lining its route.The Elaho is much larger than the Squamish River when it meets with it. The Elaho is often subject to flash flooding.
 Hello Love is the third album by The Be Good Tanyas released in 2006. Two tracks on the CD include special guest musicians Old Crow Medicine Show.
 The Ruzina River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 The Museum of Sarajevo (Muzej Sarajevo) is located in central Sarajevo the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina and was established in 1949.
 Qezeljeh Gol (Persian: قزلجه گل‎; also known as Qezelcheh Gol) is a village in Hajjilar-e Shomali Rural District Hajjilar District Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 14 families.
 The East Malling Stream known locally as The Stream rises at Well Street East Malling Kent and flows in a generally easterly direction to join the River Medway at Mill Hall Aylesford. It powered six watermills. The stream may have formerly been known as the Bradbourne Bradbourne Lane in Ditton bearing witness to this name.
 A Fictional Guide to Scotland is a collection of short stories and one poem from 17 writers who were either Scottish by birth or lived in Scotland at the time of submission.
 Naanayam (English: Coin / Integrity (Homophone)) is a 2010 Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by Shakti S. Rajan. Produced by S. P. B. Charan's Capital Film Works the film stars Prasanna as the protagonist Sibiraj as the antagonist and Ramya Raj who has appeared in the films Sandai and Thee debutante Yasmin and Charan's father singer S. P. Balasubrahmanyam in pivotal roles.
 Pyramid Lake is a lake in the backcountry of the Desolation Wilderness in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of El Dorado County California.
 Key Biscayne is an island town in Miami-Dade County Florida United States. The population was 12344 at the 2010 census.Key Biscayne lies south of Miami Beach and east of Miami. The village is connected to Miami via the Rickenbacker Causeway originally built in 1947. Because of its low elevation and direct exposure to the Atlantic Ocean it is usually among the first Miami areas to be evacuated before an oncoming hurricane.
 Philoctetes (Ancient Greek: Φιλοκτήτης Philoktētēs; English pronunciation: /ˌfɪləkˈtiːtiːz/ stressed on the third syllable -tet-) is a play by Sophocles (Aeschylus and Euripides also each wrote a Philoctetes but theirs have not survived). The play was written during the Peloponnesian War. It was first performed at the Festival of Dionysus in 409 BC where it won first prize.
 SunAmerica Center (formerly called the AIG–SunAmerica Center) is a 39-storey 533-foot (162 m) skyscraper in Century City Los Angeles California. The tower was completed in 1990 and has 39 floors. Designed by Johnson Fain It is the 18th tallest building in Los Angeles and the 3rd tallest building in Century City.
 Destiny USA previously known as the Carousel Center from 1990-2012 is a six-story super-regional shopping and entertainment complex on the shore of Onondaga Lake in Syracuse New York. It is the sixth largest shopping center in the nation and the largest in the state of New York. The anchors and junior anchors include JCPenney Macy's Lord & Taylor Best Buy The Bon-Ton Dick's Sporting Goods Sports Authority Forever 21 DSW Old Navy Sears Outlet Finish Line and Off 5th.
 Felicita Colombo is a 1937 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli.
 Sylvie D'Amours is a Canadian politician in Quebec who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2014 election. She represents the electoral district of Mirabel as a member of the Coalition Avenir Québec.Prior to her election to the legislature she was a municipal councillor in Saint-Joseph-du-Lac.
 Pesadilla (English: Nightmare) is a 1963 Argentine film.
 Payne's Down is a prominent hill 211 metres (692 ft) high some 10 kilometres east-northeast of Axminster and 1 kilometre northwest of Birdsmoorgate in the county of Dorset in southern England. Its prominence of 62 metres (203 ft) means it is listed as one of the Tumps. It is located within the Dorset Downs.The summit forms an elongated mainly wooded northwest-southeast oriented ridge with a lane running along its northeastern flank along which there are some scattered cottages.
 Left Behind is an upcoming American apocalyptic thriller/biblical interpretation film directed by Vic Armstrong and written by Paul LaLonde and John Patus. It is based on the novel series of same name written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins and a reboot of Left Behind: The Movie which is based on the idea of a pre-tribulation Rapture. The film is set for an October 3 2014 release.
 Don't Fight It is the debut album by Canadian rock band Red Rider which was released in 1980 (see 1980 in music). Don't Fight It sold more than 100000 copies in Canada and earned Cochrane and Red Rider their first Gold album certification award and was later certified Platinum.
 Sealy Hill (foaled April 14 2004 in Ontario) is a Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. Owned and bred by Canadian businessman Eugene Melnyk Sealy Hill was named for a village in the Melnyk's adopted home Barbados. She was sired by 2001 American Horse of the Year Point Given.
 Śankarabharanam (Telugu: శంకరాభరణం English: Shankara's ornament) is a 1979 Telugu musical drama film directed by K. Viswanath and produced by Poornodaya Movie Creations. The soundtrack was composed by K. V. Mahadevan and remained a chartbuster.
 The Shell Service Station in Winston-Salem North Carolina was a filling station constructed in 1930 following a decision in the 1920s by the Shell Company to begin marketing in North Carolina. The building is an example of representational or novelty architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 13 1976.
 Rehearsals for Departure is Damien Jurado's second album. It was released in March 1999 on the Sub Pop label. Joe Heim of Salon gave the album a very favorable review praising its melancholy themes.
 The Mallee-Fowl is a book published by Angus & Robertson in 1962 with the subtitle The Bird that Builds an Incubator. It was authored by Australian ornithologist Harry Frith. It was issued in octavo format (224 x 140 mm) containing 148 pages bound in dark red cloth with a dust jacket illustrated by a photograph of a Malleefowl.
 André Rousseau (January 12 1911 – September 17 2002) was an entrepreneur and politician in Quebec. He was the first to occupy the position of Minister of Industry and Commerce from July 5 1960 to December 5 1962 under the first Government of Jean Lesage. In 1950 Mr. Rousseau also founded Rousseau Metal inc. a Quebec company that is specialized in the manufacturing of storage systems.
 Ragazza alla pari (internationally released as The Best and Au-Pair Girl) is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mino Guerrini.
 Nailed is a live album by Cecil Taylor Evan Parker Barry Guy and Tony Oxley recorded on September 26 1990 at the Bechstein Concert Hall in Berlin and released on the FMP label.The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states This is a group who insists on being individuals in a collective setting and therefore the listening level is so high — so as not to miss any gauntlet laid down — the attention to execution and imagination can't help but be top-notch.
 Thomas C. Slater (1945–2009) was a Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives.Thomas C. Slater was born in Providence Rhode Island 21 May 1945 to Thomas J. and Edith M. (Simpson) Slater. He grew up in Providence attended La Salle Academy was a graduate of Johnson & Wales University and he served in the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve retiring after 30 years with the rank of Sergeant Major.
 Kazancı is a village in the District of Osmaneli Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 133 people.
 Mirza Qoli-ye Bahram Beygi (Persian: ميرزاقلي بهرام بيگي‎ also Romanized as Mīrzā Qolī-ye Bahrām Beygī; also known as Mīrzā Qolī) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 30 families.
 Saluk Qeshlaqi (Persian: سلوك قشلاقي‎ also Romanized as Salūk Qeshlāqī) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 9 families.
 Yerself is Steam is the 1991 debut album by Mercury Rev. The title is a malapropism of the phrase Your self-esteem and is taken from a recurring lyric in the opening Chasing a Bee. Car Wash Hair was released as a single before the album.
 Żabczanka [ʐapˈt͡ʂaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczerców within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Szczerców 17 km (11 mi) west of Bełchatów and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 60.
 Mind Funk is the first album released in 1991 of the band Mind Funk.
 A La Habana me voy (English language: Off to Havana I Go) is a 1951 musical Argentine film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera and written by Carlos A. Petit and Rodolfo Sciammarella. It stars Blanquita Amaro and Otto Sirgo.
 Confetti is an album from 1984 by Sérgio Mendes.Most of the songs of the album were written by established US pop composers and lyricists such as Alan and Marilyn Bergman Barry Mann Cynthia Weil Don Freeman and Tom Snow. Among the notable singers on the album are Joe Pizzulo and Gracinha Leporace.The song Olympia from the album was written for the 1984 Summer Olympics.
 Wanakena Presbyterian Church also known as Mount Lebanon Presbyterian Church and Western Adirondack Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Wanakena in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1903 and is a steepled ell plan with its steepled entry tower located at the intersection of the two volumes. The tower has a louvered belfry topped by a pyramidal roof.Its design is attributed to church plan catalogue architect Benjamin D.
 The First Presbyterian Church of Newton (or Newton Presbyterian Church) is a Christian house of worship affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (USA) located in the Town of Newton in Sussex County New Jersey in the United States. This congregation established in the 1780s is overseen by the Presbytery of Newton.The first church building was erected in the 1786 at the time Rev. Ira Condit a 1784 graduate of Princeton University was installed as the congregation's first pastor.
 Meditations (also released as Elmo Hope Memorial Album) is an album by American jazz pianist Elmo Hope recorded in 1955 for the Prestige label.
 Entranceway at Main Street at Westfield Road and Ivyhurst Road is a suburban residential subdivision entranceway built about 1920 by John Sattler. It is located on Main Street (New York State Route 5) in the town of Amherst within Erie County. It consists of stone posts connecting quarter-height stone walls and accent light fixtures located on either street corner.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Sokkan (Persian: سكان‎ also Romanized as Sokkān Sekān and Sokān; also known as Sokkūn and Sokūn) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District Jolgeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 34 families.
 A Clean Sweep is a 1958 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Thora Hird Eric Barker and Vera Day.
 The Col de Chermotane (also known as Col de Charmotane) is an Alpine pass located in the Swiss canton of Valais. With an altitude of 3037 metres above sea level the Col de Chermotane is the lowest pass between the valleys of Bagnes and Hérens. The pass lies a few kilometres north of the main chain of the Alps and is covered by the Otemma Glacier.
 Saint Thomas' Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic church in Eastover South Carolina.It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 Dactyloscopus tridigitatus the Sand stargazer is a species of sand stargazer native to the Atlantic coasts of the Americas from Florida USA to Brazil as well as in the Caribbean Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico. It is found in sandy areas around reefs at depths of from 0 to 29 metres (0 to 95 ft). It is an ambush predator burying itself nearly completely in the sand and attacking prey animals that happen by. It can reach a maximum length of 9 centimetres (3.5 in) TL.
 The Mislea River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 All About Love is the eleventh studio album from Christian singer Steven Curtis Chapman. It was released on January 28 2003 by Sparrow Records. Steven has openly credited his wife Mary Beth as the inspiration of the album.The album features the first cover songs Steven has ever recorded in his catalogue of music I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles) (originally recorded by The Proclaimers) and I'll Take Care of You (originally recorded by Ronnie Milsap).
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين آباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Dezli Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 70 families.
 The Sfârcașu River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania. The river is sometimes incorrectly referred to as Fărcașu River.
 Trabala aethiopica is a moth of the Lasiocampidae family. It is found in Congo and Equatorial Guinea.
 Yellow or Adicolor Yellow is a 2006 futuristic short film by director Neill Blomkamp written by Terri Tatchell and Blomkamp.
 Any Mother's Son is a 1997 television drama film directed by David Burton Morris.
 The William H. Grant House is a historic house in Middleport Ohio United States. One of the area's earliest concrete houses it has been designated a historic site.Built in 1855 the house is constructed of concrete on a foundation of sandstone and topped with a metal roof. Two stories tall the house is rectangular with a small frame addition to the rear which was built about ten years after the original part of the house. Born in 1820 William H.
 The United States Post Office—Beverly Main is a historic post office at 161 Rantoul Street in Beverly Massachusetts. The single story building was built in 1910 out of sandstone in a Classical Revival style. The front facade has a projecting portico supported by six Doric columns on a granite base with granite steps leading up to a recessed entrance. The lobby area occupies the front of the main block and is styled with terrazzo marble.
 The Usk Reservoir is located in the upper Usk Valley at 1050 feet (320 m) above sea level in Carmarthenshire south Wales. The reservoir is situated in part of the Brecon Beacons National Park. Completed in 1955 it now covers some 280 acres (110 ha) of land. It can be located just off the minor road between Trecastle and Llanddeusant 7 miles (11 km) west of Sennybridge.On January 6 2008 (Unofficially) a temperature of −16.5 °C (2.3 °F) was recorded nearby.
 China Press (Chinese : 中國報 Zhong Guo Bao in Mandarin) is a Malaysian Chinese-language newspaper set up by Tun Henry Lee Hau Shik (H. S. Lee) and first published on 1 February 1946.On May 13 1969 China Press was suspended for a month following its publication of a court news item after the 13 May Incident.China Press relaunched in 1986 and by 1988 its daily circulation had increased from 20000 to 100000 making it the fastest-growing paper in the Malaysian Newspaper industry.
 Son Rize Vol.1 is a posthumous album by rapper Yaki Kadafi of Outlawz released in 2004.
 The Henfield House is a historic First Period house at 300 Main Street in Lynnfield Massachusetts. The oldest portion of this 2.5 story saltbox colonial was built c. 1700; this consisted of the right side of the house (including the shed section to its rear) and the central chimney. The left side was built early in the 18th century.
 Sitapur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3315 people living in 620 individual households.
 Space Avenue is the 6th studio album by the Finnish avant-garde progressive metal band Waltari.
 The Watch is a 2008 made for TV movie starring Clea DuVall James A. Woods and Elizabeth Whitmere.
 Happy Just to Be Like I Am is the fourth studio album by American blues artist Taj Mahal.
 Wellagiriya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kooli is a village in Valgjärve Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 The Birthday Party is a biographical novel by Panos Karnezis first published in 2007.
 The Evil That Warmen Do is a 2010 compilation CD from Finnish metal band Warmen. The compilation goes along with the ten-year anniversary of the band's beginning. Warmen will also have a tenth anniversary show.
 Hodgson's giant flying squirrel (Petaurista magnificus) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in India and Nepal. Its natural habitat is temperate forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Colopus is a genus of Gekkonidae that is found in the Kalahari desert in the nation states of Botswana Namibia and the Republic of South Africa.
 Ridgley Methodist Episcopal Church constructed in 1921 is a one-story frame church on the north side of Central Avenue in Landover Prince George's County Maryland. The church was founded in 1871 and a cemetery begun in 1892. It served as the spiritual and social center of the formerly rural African American farming community of Ridgley.The gable-front church consists of a 1921 block on the south and a small 1940s extension on the north.
 Cratoplastis diluta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in French Guyana Guyana Brazil Venezuela Ecuador Peru Bolivia Panama Costa Rica Honduras and Mexico.
 Neelie Kroes (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈneːli ˈkrus]; born 19 July 1941) is a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). She served as a Member of the House of Representatives from 3 August 1971 until 28 December 1977 when she became State Secretary for Transport Public Works and Water Management from 28 December 1977 until 11 September 1981 in the Cabinet Van Agt I.
 Brace's Emerald (Chlorostilbon bracei) is an extinct species of hummingbird which was endemic to the main island of the Bahamas New Providence.
 Kalateh-ye Khan (Persian: كلاته خان‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Khān; also known as Kalāt-ye Khān and Kalāt-e Jān Maḩmūd) is a village in Neh Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 13 families.
 Khasi Katha– A Goat Saga is an upcoming Bengali film. The film is directed by Judhajit Sarkar and produced by Star Fine Movies. The film is scheduled to be release in March 2013. The film shows a talkative goat about to be slaughtered telling a story of a woman boxer of Kolkata to the butcher.Naseeruddin Shah plays the character of butcher and Anindita Bose plays the character of woman boxer.
 Ghantasala (Telugu: ఘంటశాల) is a town and Mandal headquarters in Krishna district of Andhra Pradesh India. It is 21 km west of Machilipatnam and 11 km east of river krishna .The largest city of this district Vijaywada is around 60 km away. It is a rare and reputed center for Buddhist sculptures. Boswell of the East India Company first reported Ghantasala as a historical site in 1870-71.
 1916 Live...Everything Louder than Everything Else is a 1991 live video featuring Motörhead's performance recorded at the Deutsches Museum in Munich Germany on 11 March 1991. Most of the material was recorded in grainy b/w en vogue at the time. However some scenes were recorded in colour or have some colour in them. The initial UK release has a sticker on the front inviting fans to send off for a free poster.
 Rutki [ˈrutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Żukowo 10 km (6 mi) east of Kartuzy and 20 km (12 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 221.
 King of the Wind is a novel by Marguerite Henry that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1949. It was made into a film in 1990.
 Austin State Hospital (ASH) formerly known as the State Lunatic Asylum is the oldest psychiatric hospital in the state of Texas operated by the Texas Department of State Health Services. Established by the Legislature in 1856 it began operating in 1861 with twelve patients. The name was changed in 1925.The Hospital is the subject of a history by Sarah C.
 Doyle M. Heffley is an American politician and consultant and member of the Republican Party. In 2010 he was elected to represent the 122nd District in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 The Journal of the Royal Statistical Society is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of statistics. It comprises three series and is published by Blackwell Publishing for the Royal Statistical Society.
 Winstanley Hall is a late 16th-century house in Winstanley in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan (grid reference SD54430310). It is listed as a Scheduled Ancient Monument and a Grade II* listed building. Originally built for the Winstanley family the building is one of only three Tudor buildings in the Borough.
 Stasin [ˈstaɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Pholidosauridae is an extinct family of aquatic neosuchian mesoeucrocodylian crocodylomorphs. Fossils have been found in Europe (Denmark England France Germany Spain and Sweden) Africa (Algeria Niger Mali Morocco and Tunisia) North America (Canada and the United States) and South America (Brazil and Uruguay).
 Lick Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1921 by Arthur O. Wheeler.
 Blutzbrüdaz is a 2011 German musical film directed by German-Turkish Özgür Yildirim. The film was nominated at the 2012 New Faces Awards in Germany.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1296 in 351 families.
 The Răscoala River is a tributary of the Largu River in Romania.
 Those Things is the second album by songwriter and music producer Miguel Migs released in 2007. The album has gained critical praise as well as commercial success.[citation needed] Those Things peaked at number 15 on the US Top Electronic Albums chart. It is an album that ranges from deep house to hip house with each being solid productions overall.
 The Ragwitch is a young adult horror/fantasy novel written by Garth Nix. The book was first published in 1990 by Pan Macmillan. It was again published in 1995 by Tor Books and first published in Great Britain in 2005 by HarperCollins.
 Midtre Tverråtinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Robert A. Sunshine is an American government official. He is the Deputy Director of the Congressional Budget Office a post he assumed in 2007.
 Żółcino [ʐuu̯ˈt͡ɕinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Kamień Pomorski and 65 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Dan Pabon (born October 18 1977) is the current Colorado State Representative for District 4 which encompasses Northwest Denver. He was first elected on November 2 2010 and entered office on January 12 2011.
 Doubletop Peak (11720 feet (3570 m)) is in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is the tallest in the Gros Ventre Range. Doubletop Peak is within the Gros Ventre Wilderness region of Bridger-Teton National Forest.
 The River Thame /ˈteɪm/ is a river in Southern England. It is a tributary of the River Thames.The general course of the River Thame is south-westward and it runs from each of the longest of its many sources to the River Thames about 40 miles (65 km). The Thame rises in the English county of Buckinghamshire and discharges in south-east Oxfordshire.
 Tarachodes alluaudi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.
 Toopranpet is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Choutuppal mandal.
 Mitrella suduirauti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Sondra Erickson (born March 2 1942) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota she represents District 15A which includes portions of Kanabec Mille Lacs and Sherburne counties in the west central part of the state. She is also a retired English teacher at Princeton High School in Princeton.
 Anthology is a compilation album released on CD by Roger Daltrey on the Repertoire label 20 July 1998.
 The Reader (French title: La Lectrice) is a 1988 film based on Raymond Jean's novel La Lectrice.
 Razg (Persian: رزگ‎; also known as Razak Razk Razq Razzāq and Razzīq) is a village in Bayg Rural District Bayg District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 463 in 117 families.
 Bloodfist II is a 1990 action/adventure film starring Don Wilson Kris Aguilar and Ronald Asinas. It was directed by Andy Blumenthal and written by Catherine Cyran.
 Where the Breakers Roar is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film exists in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 The Family and Consumer Sciences Research Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Association of Family & Consumer Sciences. The journal was established in 1972 and published by Sage Publications until 2010. The current editor-in-chief is Sharon A. DeVaney (Purdue University). The journal covers consumerism human development and family studies.
 Kabud Gonbad (Persian: كبودگنبد‎ also Romanized as Kabūd Gonbad; also known as Keymaty Qeshlāq-e Yūzābād Qesmatī Qeymati and Qishlaq Qimati) is a village in Dizmar-e Markazi Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 45 families.
 The Citadel of the Autarch is a science fantasy novel by Gene Wolfe first released in 1983. It is the fourth and final volume in the four-volume series The Book of the New Sun.
 Tom Fiebiger is a North Dakota Democratic-NPL Party politician who served as a member of the North Dakota Senate from District 45 from 2006 to 2010.
 Hillside Cannibals is a 2006 American horror film directed by Leigh Scott and produced by The Asylum. The film bears some resemblance to The Hills Have Eyes another film released in the same year but its plot also incorporates elements from other films including Cannibal Holocaust The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and House of 1000 Corpses.
 OL Shinkaron (OL進化論 Ōeru Shinkaron) is a yonkoma manga series by Akizuki Risu about OLs or office ladies. It also had a short spin-off series titled Okusama Shinkaron that focused on housewives. Several volumes of OL Shinkaron have been published by Kodansha in a Japanese/English bilingual edition titled Survival in the Office: The Evolution of Japanese Working Women.
 Pelasgus stymphalicus is a threatened species of small freshwater fish. It is a short-lived species and reaches a maximum length of 12 cm.P. stymphalicus is endemic to slow-flowing rivers and wetlands in the Peloponnese and disjunctly in Lake Stymphalia a natural eutrophic lake without surface drainage. The main threats to P. stymphalicus are habitat destruction water extraction and pollution although the species is resilient and well-adapted to unstable conditions.
 Get In is the second and final studio album by the British band Kenickie. It was released in 1998 and reached number thirty-two on the UK Albums Chart. Get In includes the singles I Would Fix You and Stay in the Sun.The album was produced by Adrian Bushby and band-member Peter Gofton except I Would Fix You which was produced by Adrian Bushby and Peter Gofton with Andy Carpenter.
 Jumping All Over the World is the thirteenth studio album by German techno group Scooter released in Germany in 2007. Five singles have been released from it: The Question Is What Is the Question? And No Matches Jumping All Over the World a remix of I'm Lonely and a new version of Jump That Rock! titled Jump That Rock (Whatever You Want) recorded with British rock group Status Quo.
 The Micajah T. Singleton House is an historic 1891 residence in DeSoto County Florida. It is located in Arcadia Florida at 711 West Hickory Street. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 6 2013.The home is one of the few remaining examples in Arcadia of a large frame vernacular architecture pioneer home. It was constructed of heart yellow pine.Micajah T.
 The Boqueron River is a river of Ecuador.
 Sri Siva Vishnu Temple (SSVT) is a Hindu temple located in Lanham Maryland about 12 miles (19 km) from Washington D.C. It is one of the largest temples in the United States. The actual temple construction began in 1988 and the last deity consecration took place in 2002.
 Bird Is Free is a live album by Charlie Parker that documents a concert given at Rockland Palace New York City on 26 September 1952.
 Hurricane Mountain is a 3694-foot (1126 m) mountain near Keene in the north of the High Peaks region of the Adirondacks in New York USA. It has some of the most impressive views of any of the lesser peaks; this is due to its prominence and the fact that its summit was cleared by Verplanck Colvin in the course of his early survey of the Adirondacks.
 The Black-billed Capercaillie or Spotted Capercaille (Tetrao parvirostris) is a large grouse species closely related to the more widespread Western Capercaillie. It is a sedentary species which breeds in the Larch taiga forests of eastern Russia as well as parts of northern Mongolia and China.The appearance of the male Black-billed Capercaillie is the similar to that of its western counterpart except that it is slightly smaller has a smaller bill slightly longer tail and a shorter beak.
 The Convent (Portuguese: O Convento) is a 1995 film by Portuguese director Manoel de Oliveira starring Catherine Deneuve and John Malkovich and based on the novel As Terras Do Risco by Agustina Bessa-Luís. It was entered into the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 Caveana diemseoki is a moth in the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Thailand.
 Io amo Andrea (I Love Andrea) is a 2000 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Francesco Nuti.
 Ban Nokhvod (Persian: بان نخود‎ also Romanized as Bān Nokhvod; also known as Bān-e Khvod Bān Khvod Bā Nokhvod Karamkhānī and Pānkhūd) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 22 families.
 Kaslani (Persian: كسلاني‎ also Romanized as Kaslānī; also known as Chāh Tolombeh-ye ‘Alī-ye Zāre‘) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stemmatophora rungsi is a species of snout moth. It is found in Portugal.The wingspan is about 21 mm.
 Saraycık is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 559 people.
 One Eye Peak is a mountain located at Princess Louisa Inlet. One Eye Peak is part of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia Canada. When Thomas F. Hamilton build his resort called the Malibu Club at the entrance of Princess Louisa Inlet he named the mountain after himself - Mt. Hamilton. The mountain is typically referred to by its an English title of a Sechelt First Nation translation TUHK-OHSS referring to Old One Eye and is the protector of the inlet.
 Christine is a horror novel by Stephen King published in 1983. It tells the story of a vintage automobile apparently possessed by supernatural forces. Later that same year a film adaptation directed by John Carpenter and starring Keith Gordon John Stockwell Alexandra Paul and Harry Dean Stanton was released. In April 2013 PS Publishing released Christine in a limited 30th Anniversary Edition.
 Forbidden Love: The Unashamed Stories of Lesbian Lives is a 1992 Canadian documentary film about the lives of lesbian women and their experiences of lesbian pulp fiction. It was written and directed by Lynne Fernie and Aerlyn Weissman and featured author Ann Bannon. It premiered at the 1992 Toronto Film Festival and was released in the United States on 4 August 1993. It was produced by Studio D the women's studio of the National Film Board of Canada.
 American Roulette is a 1988 British thriller film directed by Maurice Hatton and starring Andy Garcia Kitty Aldridge and Robert Stephens. A Latin American President is overthrown in a military coup and forms a government-in-exile in London. The Generals want him out of the way and send agents to kill him. Meanwhile several of the world's major intelligence agencies are also keeping a watch on him.
 Maurizio Lupi (born 3 October 1959) is an Italian politician who is a member of the New Centre-Right (NCD) and has been serving as minister of infrastructures and transports in the Letta cabinet since late April 2013.
 Marie Schlei (26 November 1919 – 21 May 1983) was a German politician and a member of Social Democratic Party (SPD). She served as minister of economic cooperation from 1976 to 1978 being the first female head of the ministry.
 Blue Mosque is a double-CD album by Muslimgauze. The album was originally pressed in 1994 and repressed in 1999.
 Lestes ochraceus is a species of damselfly in the family Lestidae. Lestes ochraceus is found in several African countries. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland rivers intermittent rivers swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Birch Evans Evan Bayh III (/ˈbaɪ/ BY; born December 26 1955) is an American lawyer and Democratic politician who served as the junior U.S. Senator from Indiana from 1999 to 2011. He earlier served as the 46th Governor of Indiana from 1989 to 1997.Bayh first held public office as the Secretary of State of Indiana elected in 1986. He held the position for only two years before being elected Governor.
 The Church of St Mary in Litton Somerset England dates from the 13th century. It is a Grade I listed building.There is some evidence for the existence of a Saxon church on the site before the Norman Conquest. The village was listed in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Litune meaning 'The small enclosure' from the Old English lyt and tun.
 The Toplița River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
 Hesar (Persian: حصار‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1944 in 542 families.
 The Former Sioux County Courthouse in Fort Yates North Dakota United States was built in 1922 by contractor Adam Ulrich Ostrum.
 The Believers is a novel by Zoë Heller first published in 2008. It depicts a left-wing New York family of grown-ups who have little in common.
 Frederica von Stade – Mahler Songs is a single-disc LP album of orchestral songs by Gustav Mahler sung by mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade with the London Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Andrew Davis. The album was released by CBS Masterworks in 1979 and includes Songs of a Wayfarer two songs from Des Knaben Wunderhorn and the Five Songs on Poems by Friedrich Rückert. These recordings are also now available for download in digital format.
 The Cafuini River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Grace Hartman (née Fulcher July 14 1918 – December 18 1993) was a Canadian labour union activist whose 1975 election to the presidency of the Canadian Union of Public Employees made her the first woman in North America to lead a major labour union.She was awarded the Governor General's Award in Commemoration of the Persons Case in 1985.
 Mean Guns is a 1997 action film starring Ice-T Christopher Lambert Michael Halsey Deborah Van Valkenburgh and Hunter Doughty; directed by Albert Pyun.
 Absolution is the third studio album by the English alternative rock band Muse. It was released on 15 September 2003 in Japan on 22 September 2003 in the United Kingdom on Mushroom Records and A&E Records and on 23 March 2004 in the United States by East West Records and Taste Media. The album followed up on its predecessor's diverse musical tendencies and elaborate sound while also having a more focused and consistent theme and aesthetic throughout.
 Tahir Yahya (1916−1986) (Arabic: طاهر يحيى‎) was Prime Minister of Iraq twice from 1963 to 1965 and a short term in 1967-1968. He was educated at the Baghdad Military College and the Staff College. Born in Tikrit 1916. He was the 4th child to Mulla Yahya el-ogaily a prominent tobacco merchant between North and Central Iraq. At the age of sixteen he joined the Baghdad Teachers College then became a teacher in Baghdad for one year after graduation.
 Under Cold Blue Stars is the third album by indie folk musician Josh Rouse. It was released in 2002 and was his last album for Slow River Records.
 Emerald Lake is located near Emerald village in the Nilgiris district in Tamil Nadu. It is located in a region called the silent valley about 25 kilometers from the Ooty town.
 Dinghao Market is one of five major electronics markets in Zhongguancun Beijing.
 The Love Album is John Hartford's third LP released in 1968. Like all of his RCA recordings it was reissued in 2002 as part of a twofer CD combined with his fourth album Housing Project.
 The Mălinu River is a tributary of the Meleş River in Romania.
 Zanana L. Akande (born 1937) is a former Canadian politician. She was the first black woman elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario and the first black woman to serve as a cabinet minister in Canada.A daughter of immigrants from the Caribbean she became a teacher and school principal in the Toronto public school system. In 1990 she was elected in the provincial election as an NDP candidate in the Toronto riding of St. Andrew—St. Patrick.
 Paul Aldermandt Porter (October 6 1904 – November 26 1975) was an American lawyer and politician. He served as chairman of the Federal Communications Commission from 1944 to 1946. He later joined Washington D.C. law firm Arnold & Fortas now known as Arnold & Porter.
 Fate/kaleid liner Prisma Illya (Fate/kaleid liner プリズマ☆イリヤ) is a manga series by Hiroshi Hiroyama (also known as KALMIA) serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Comp Ace magazine from 2007 to 2008. It is an alternate universe spin-off of the Fate/stay night visual novel by Type-Moon with Illyasviel von Einzbern as the protagonist. Various other characters from Fate/stay night and its sequels and spin-offs also appear.
 The Naked Brothers Band: Music from the Movie is an EP/soundtrack by The Naked Brothers Band for The Naked Brothers Band: The Movie. It was released as an extra disc on the Naked Brothers Band Movie DVD. The disc was only available with the DVD for a short time only and now is only available to buy on Amazon. It was not an official release and has not yet been released separately or on The iTunes Store. The first single Crazy Car charted on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2005 at number 23.
 Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye! is a 2008 film starring Abhay Deol Paresh Rawal Neetu Chandra Manu Rishi Richa Chadda Manjot Singh and Archana Puran Singh. It was directed by Dibakar Banerjee. The film won the National Film Award for Best Popular Film. The film is inspired by the real life shenanigans of Devinder Singh alias Bunty a real-life “super-chor” originally from Vikaspuri Delhi.
 The Bibi-Heybat Mosque (Azerbaijani: Bibiheybət məscidi) is a historical mosque in Baku Azerbaijan.
 To capture the sensation of teen-idol Shaun Cassidy Warner Bros. Records released a live album of his 1979 concert tour named That's Rock 'N' Roll Live. The album featured tracks from his four studio albums (Shaun Cassidy Born Late Under Wraps and the then-forthcoming album Room Service).
 Svartfjellet (Northern Sami: Muvrarášša) is the highest mountain on the island of Kvaløya in Finnmark county Norway. The 629-metre (2064 ft) tall summit lies on the border of the municipalities of Kvalsund and Hammerfest.
 Francis Worley (December 23 1913 – May 8 2003) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 The Church of Saint Anthony of Padua (Croatian: Crkva svetog Antuna Padovanskog) is a Roman Catholic church in Sarajevo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Sagami-ji (酒見寺 or Sagami-dera) is a Shingon Buddhist temple in Kasai Hyōgo Prefecture Japan. Its mountain name (sangō) is Senjōsan (泉生山). Emperor Shōmu ordered its construction in the 17th year of the Tenpyō era (745) at the request of Gyōki a Buddhist priest.
 The Outlaw's Silver is the title of a Hardy Boys Digest novel written by Franklin W. Dixon. Sometimes it goes by the number of 67 in the series a continuation of the original novels and sometimes as the 9th as it is the 9th published by Simon & Schuster after Grosset & Dunlap lost rights to publish new Hardy Boys books in 1979.
 At Mount Zoomer the second full length LP from the Canadian indie rock band Wolf Parade was released on June 17 2008.
 Acraea parei is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Zimbabwe Malawi and Zambia. The habitat consists of montane grassland.Adults have been recorded in April October November and December.
 Victor de Bedia Oland OC ED CD (August 9 1913 – June 27 1983) was the 24th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia from 1968 to 1973.In 1980 he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.
 Drakata is a village in Strumyani Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.
 Drafted is a comic book series by Mark Powers and Chris Lie published by Devil's Due Publishing starting in 2007.
 Porter Mountain is in Essex County of New York. It is one of the 46 Adirondack High Peaks and is located in the Adirondack Park. Its name comes from Noah Porter later president of Yale University and one of the first to climb it.Somewhat overshadowed by its higher and more popular neighbor Cascade Mountain with which it is often climbed Porter is nevertheless rewarding.
 Hoher Straußberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Czyste [ˈt͡ʂɨstɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Rt Hon.
 Chewing Gum EP is the first CD release from Polar Bear led by Jane's Addiction bassist Eric Avery and Harold Biff Barefoot Sanders III. This EP DH-021 is self-titled although it took on its name based on the cover to differentiate itself from the bands vinyl release a year earlier.
 Marketing Theory is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Business. The journal's editor is Pauline Maclaren (Royal Holloway University of London). It has been in publication since 2001 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Langdon Cheves (pronounced chivis) (September 17 1776 – June 26 1857) was an American politician lawyer and businessman from South Carolina. He was a U. S. Representative from 1810 to 1815 served as Speaker of the House in 1814-1815 and was President of the Second Bank of the United States from 1819-1822.
 Håll om mig nu was released on 18 August 1998 and is a compilation album from Swedish dansband Lotta Engbergs.
 The Luther Elliott House is an historic house at 309 Haven Street in Reading Massachusetts. This modestly sized 1.5 story wood frame house was built in 1850 by Luther Elliott a local cabinetmaker who developed an innovative method of sawing wood veneers.
 Adventures of a Teenage Dragonslayer is a 2010 live action fantasy film directed by Andrew Lauer.
 Rzewuszyce [ʐɛvuˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Kluczewsko 9 km (6 mi) north of Włoszczowa and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Dolohmwar is the highest point of the Federated States of Micronesia with an altitude of 791 metres (2595 ft). Dolohmwar is located on the island and state of Pohnpei.
 Rezavieh (Persian: رضويه‎ also Romanized as Rez̤avīeh; also known as Qal‘eh Sīāh) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 596 in 132 families.
 Diamonds is a 1975 Israeli-American heist film. Robert Shaw stars in a dual role as twin brothers. Richard Roundtree Barbara Hershey and Shelley Winters are co-stars. The film was also released as Diamond Shaft although it has no relation to the Shaft films other than having Roundtree in the cast.
 Stenolemus lanipes is a species of thread-legged bug (Emesinae).This species feeds on spiders especially spiderlings of Parasteatoda tepidariorum. Stenolemus lanipes will not feed upon other insects such as (Drosophila) placed upon a web even to the point of starvation.
 Shri Ponnala Lakshmaiah (15 February 1944) is an Indian politician and served as the minister for information technology and communications in Andhra Pradesh a member of the legislature assembly of Andhra Pradesh and a Member of the All India Congress Committee. He was named President of the newly created Telangana Pradesh Congress Committee (TPCC) on 11 March 2014.Lakshmaiah is the son of Smt Radhamma and Shri Rama Kishtaiah.
 The Valea Măgurici River is a tributary of the Sărăcelu River in Romania
 Parnara is a genus of butterflies in the family Hesperiidae the skippers. They are native to Asia Africa and Australia.These are small brown skippers that have thin translucent spots on their wings.
 Peer Gynt (/ˈpɪər ˈɡɪnt/; Norwegian pronunciation: [ˈpeːr ˈɡʏnt]) is a five-act play in verse by the Norwegian dramatist Henrik Ibsen. Written in the Bokmål form of Norwegian it is one of the most widely performed Norwegian plays.Ibsen believed Per Gynt the Norwegian fairy tale on which the play is loosely based to be rooted in fact and several of the characters are modelled after Ibsen's own family notably his parents Knud Ibsen and Marichen Altenburg.
 The Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Macau (TECO; Chinese: 臺北經濟文化辦事處; pinyin: Táiběi Jīngjì Wénhuà Bànshìchù) is the representative office of the Republic of China in Macau. Its counterpart body in Taiwan is the Macau Economic and Cultural Office in Taiwan.The office is located at Dynasty Plaza building in Freguesia da Sé.
 Musheerabad Jail was a correctional facility located in Musheerabad area of Hyderabad India. The facility was demolished in 2003 and a hospital and a medical college were constructed in the same area.Prior to its demolition director Nagesh Kukunoor obtained a stay order for some time in order to complete filming of 3 Deewarein (2003).
 The Vanished Man is a forensic crime mystery by Jeffery Deaver featuring the quadriplegic criminalist Lincoln Rhyme and his partner Amelia Sachs. It is the fifth novel in the Lincoln Rhyme series which began with The Bone Collector.
 The Dream Girl was a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. Based on an original story by DeMille writer Jeanie MacPherson the film starred Mae Murray and Theodore Roberts. The film is now considered lost.
 Granddad is a 1913 American film directed by Thomas H. Ince.
 Sky Ape is a titular character of a black-and-white comic book series. He is an ape who wears a jetpack and fights crime.
 Marianne Dreams is a children's fantasy novel by Catherine Storr.
 Tenualosa is a genus of fish in the Clupeidae family. There are currently five recognized species in this genus.
 The Turbata River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Lanistes alexandri is a species of large freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk with a gill and an operculum in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.This species is endemic to Tanzania.
 The term spiny mouse refers to any species of rodent within the genus Acomys. Similar in appearance to mice of the genus Mus spiny mice are small mammals with bare scaled tails.
 Kandikeh (Persian: كنديكه‎ also Romanized as Kandīkeh; also known as Kandūkeh) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 49 families.
 Lewis Franklin (L.F.) Payne Jr. (born July 9 1945) is a former member of the United States House of Representatives from the Commonwealth of Virginia. He served the 5th district of the state which covers much of Southside Virginia.
 The Vișag River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 Fighter Wing: A Guided Tour of an Air Force Combat Wing (1995 ISBN 0-425-14957-9) is a nonfiction book written by Tom Clancy which explores the inner workings of the United States Air Force's 366th Fighter Wing based out of Mountain Home Air Force Base in Idaho.With an overview of the evolution of air power such as aircraft engines stealth avionics sensors and onboard displays it also briefly introduces the B-2 Spirit and the F-22 Raptor.
 New Riders of the Purple Sage is the self-titled debut album by the American country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage. It was released by Columbia Records in 1971 and reached number 39 on the Billboard charts.New Riders of the Purple Sage is the only studio album by the New Riders to feature co-founder Jerry Garcia of the Grateful Dead on pedal steel guitar.
 Northern Dancer (May 27 1961 – November 16 1990) was a Canadian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes and who became the most successful sire of the 20th Century. The National Thoroughbred Racing Association calls him one of the most influential sires in Thoroughbred history.A bay colt Northern Dancer was by Nearctic and his dam Natalma was by Native Dancer. In 1952 Edward P.
 Massiccio del Sirino is a mountain of Basilicata Italy.
 Windigo Lake is a freshwater lake located in north central Wisconsin in the Town of Bass Lake Sawyer County United States in township 40 north range 9 west. The lake is irregular in shape with numerous peninsulas and bays and is approximately one mile in diameter. Windigo Lake is 529.6 acres (2.143 km2) in size (including islands) with a maximum depth of 51 feet (16 m) and a shoreline of 9 miles (14 km).
 Chandan Ka Palna is a 1967 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra and Meena Kumari. No joy in the world can equal the happiness a man derives from watching his own child at play. Not all the riches in the world can compensate for the vacuum the emptiness created by the want of a child in a home. With a woman this yearning is a hundred times stronger and the outcome of her torment impossible beyond measure. Radha belonged to a rich family.
 Two Nudes Bathing is a 1995 British short film directed by John Boorman. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Gold Coast Broadwater also known as Southport Broadwater and Gold Coast Harbour is a large shallow estuary of water reaching from the locality of Southport to the southern section of the World Heritage Listed Moreton Bay along the eastern coast of Australia. Separated from the ocean by the a thin strip of land called Stradbroke Island the original body of water was a lagoon created from water deposited from the Nerang River.
 Little Dell Reservoir is a reservoir in eastern Salt Lake County Utah USA about 13 miles east of Salt Lake City in the western Wasatch Mountains. It is located alongside Utah State Route 65 about 1 mile northeast of Interstate 80. Little Dell is an impoundment on Dell Creek but it also stores water diverted from Parleys Creek located immediately downstream. The reservoir was constructed between 1987 and 1993 for drinking water supply and flood control as a joint venture between the U.S.
 Sassia petulans is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 The Crowned Chat-Tyrant (Ochthoeca frontalis) is a species of bird in the tyrant flycatcher family.
 The Ecuadoran spiny pocket mouse (Heteromys teleus) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae. It is endemic to central western Ecuador where it is found at elevations from sea level to 2000 m on the coastal plain and western slopes of the Andes. The species is nocturnal and lives in dry tropical evergreen forests; it creates well-defined runways and is often found near streams. It is threatened by deforestation and fragmentation of its remaining habitat.
 For the Roses is the fifth studio album by Joni Mitchell released in November 1972 between her two biggest commercial and critical successes – Blue and Court and Spark. Despite this in 2007 it was one of 25 recordings chosen that year by the Library of Congress to be added to the National Recording Registry.
 Brusqeulia tineimorpha is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Distrito Federal).The wingspan is about 10 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish cream but the reticulation and some larger strigulae are brownish. The hindwings are grey but whiter basally.
 Paraphidippus aurantius is a species of jumping spider.
 Edward Michener (August 18 1869 – June 16 1947) was a politician from Alberta Canada. He was born in Tintern Ontario. Edward was acclaimed as Mayor of Red Deer Alberta. In the 1904 Mayoral race he held that position for 2 terms until 1906.Edward was elected as an Independent in the 1909 Alberta election. In 1910 after Richard Bennett resigned to run for the Canadian House of Commons he crossed the floor to join the Conservatives.
 School Girl Distortional Addict is the second studio album released by the Japanese indie band Number Girl.
 The Spell Sword is a sword and planet novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in the Darkover series. The book was co-authored by Paul Edwin Zimmer Bradley's brother though he was not credited. The Spell Sword was first published in paperback by DAW in 1974 OCLC 156484864 and has been republished several times.This book is the first in a trilogy within the Darkover series dealing with the evolution of Towers and Keepers.
 Yalamanchili Satyanarayana Chowdary (Telugu: యలమంచిలి సత్యనారాయణ చౌదరి) popularly known as Sujana Chowdary is an Indian politician who is also the Chairman and principal founder of Sujana Group of Companies. Chowdary is from the city of Hyderabad in the Ranga Reddy District of Andhra Pradesh.Born in Kanchikacherla he was the fourth child born to Janardhana Rao and Suseela Kumari.
 Wonderlust is a live album by indie rocker Heather Nova released in 2000 (see 2000 in music).
 Arre... Devaa! is a Marathi film released on 12 April 2007. The film has been produced by Manohar Randive and directed by Hemant Deokar.
 The Kamen (Russian: Камень) is the highest mountain (1701 m) in the Putorana Plateau Russia.
 Leptus is a genus of large mites belonging to the family Erythraeidae; they resemble members of the related genus Balaustium but can be distinguished by the eyes which in Leptus species are set much further forward on the body than in Balaustium species.Selected species: Leptus ariel Southcott 1989 Leptus berlesei Leptus clavatus Leptus intermedius Leptus monteithi Southcott 1993 Leptus vertiformis
 High Seat is a fell in the centre of the English Lake District. Despite being below 2000 ft it is the highest point for about 5 miles in any direction; a consequence of the curious fact that the centre of the district is lower than the surrounding parts.
 Pomacentrus moluccensis is a Damselfish from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 9 cm (4 in) in length.
 The Bridges of Madison County is a 1992 best-selling novel by Robert James Waller which tells the story of a married but lonely Italian woman living in 1960s Madison County Iowa who engages in an affair with a National Geographic photographer from Bellingham Washington who is visiting Madison County in order to create a photographic essay on the covered bridges in the area. The novel is presented as a novelization of a true story but it is in fact entirely fictional.
 Leaving Poppy is a young adult thriller/horror novel by Kate Cann published in 2006. It won the 2008 Angus Book Award and was shortlisted for the 2007 Booktrust Teenage Prize.
 Calamity Jane is a Wild West-themed film musical released in 1953. It is loosely based on the life of Wild West heroine Calamity Jane and explores an alleged romance between Calamity Jane and Wild Bill Hickok in the American Old West. The film starred Doris Day as the title character and Howard Keel as Hickok.
 Veeri (Urdu: ويرى‎) is a village in India currently under the jurisdiction of the tehsil Bijbehara and the district Anantnag in southern Kashmir.
 She Hate Me is a 2004 independent comedy-drama film directed by Spike Lee and starring Anthony Mackie Kerry Washington Ellen Barkin Monica Bellucci Brian Dennehy Woody Harrelson Bai Ling and John Turturro.The film garnered controversy and as with many of Lee's films touches on comedy drama and politics. Unlike many prior works Spike Lee does not have an acting credit in this film.The film was shot mostly on location in New York City including each of the city's five boroughs.
 Little House in the Big Woods is a children's novel by Laura Ingalls Wilder published in 1932.
 Gary W. Laidig (born August 15 1948) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate and the Minnesota House of Representatives. A Republican he was first elected to the House in 1972 and represented the old District 51A for five terms. In 1982 he ran successfully for the Senate and represented the old District 55 and after the 1992 legislative redistricting the old District 56 until 2001. While in office he resided in Bayport and Stillwater.
 Herbulotides lymantrina is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in North Madagascar.The length of its frontwings is 22 mm.
 Doubletop Mountain is a mountain located in Ulster County New York. The mountain is part of the Catskill Mountains.Doubletop Mtn. is flanked to the northwest by Graham Mountain to the east by Big Indian Mountain and to the southwest by the Beaver Kill Range.Doubletop Mountain stands within the watershed of the Delaware River which drains into Delaware Bay. The northeast side of Doubletop Mtn. drains into the headwaters of Dry Brook thence into the East Branch of the Delaware River.
 Anticla symphora is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1929. It is found in the Neotropical ecozone.
 The Tortured is a 2010 mystery horror-thriller film directed by Robert Lieberman and written by Marek Posival.
 Yuty is a crater on Mars in Chryse Planitia. The crater is about 20 km (12 mi) in diameter and is surrounded by complex ejecta lobes which are a distinctive characteristic of martian impact craters. Many craters at equatorial and mid-latitudes on Mars have this form of ejecta morphology which is thought to arise when the impacting object melts ice in the subsurface.
 Kealia Pond National Wildlife Refuge is a coastal salt marsh along the south-central coast of the Hawaiian Island of Maui. The refuge is located between the towns of Kīhei and Māʻalaea on both sides of North Kihei Road Route 31.
 Her Şey Aşktan (or Herşey Aşktan with alternative spelling) (Turkish: Everything from love) is Işın Karaca's seventh studio album released on 8 May 2013. This is her first pop album since Uyanış which was released in 2009. She revealed the track listing on 29 March 2013 from her official Instagram account. She worked with Cansu Fettah Can Sefa Cheshmberah Zeynep Talu Selim Çaldıran Elif Nün İçelli Bora Duran and Zeki Güner for this album.
 Dragons of War (1994) is a fantasy novel written by Christopher Rowley.
 Świeciechów Poduchowny [ɕfjɛˈt͡ɕɛxuf pɔduˈxɔvnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Annopol 26 km (16 mi) west of Kraśnik and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 230.
 Coleophora neobagorella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in China.
 John Hastert is a Democratic member of the Wyoming Senate representing the 13th district since 2007. He previously served in the Wyoming House of Representatives from 2004 through 2006 appointed to serve out the term of Christopher Boswell.
 The River Spen known colloquially as Spen Beck is a river in the county of West Yorkshire England and is a tributary of the River Calder. It rises north of Cleckheaton runs through Liversedge and flows into the River Calder West Yorkshire south of Dewsbury at Ravensthorpe. The average rainfall for the river valley is between 600-1000mm per annum. Combined with the steep narrow river channel this makes the Spen susceptible to regular flooding.
 Buried Alive: The Elements of Love is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher with photographs by Andrew Moore. It was first published in 1996.
 Nathaniel Niles (April 3 1741 – October 31 1828) was an American lawyer and politician. He served as a United States Representative from Vermont.
 Argobuccinum proditor is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Darko Milinović (born 25 April 1963) is a Croatian politician who served as Minister of Health and Social Welfare in the Croatian Government second cabinet of Ivo Sanader and the cabinet of Jadranka Kosor.
 The Clark House in Malvern Arkansas was built in 1916 in Bungalow/Craftsman style. It was designed by architect Charles L. Thompson. The house was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Pleurotomella catharinae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Bounced Checks is the first compilation of Tom Waits recordings including album live and alternate versions of songs from six of his seven albums for Asylum Records excepting his debut Closing Time.The collection includes several previously unreleased tracks. Mr.
 The al-Khanqah al-Salahiyya Mosque (Arabic: مسجد الخانقاه الصلاحية‎) is located in the Christian Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem.
 Rob van Gijzel (born June 29 1954 in Eindhoven) is a Dutch politician. He is a former MP and is the incumbent mayor of Eindhoven (entered office on April 8 2008).When Van Gijzel was a student he became an active member of the Jonge Socialisten. He served as that organization's chairman in the period 1979-1982.
 Shkëlzen (Maja e Shkëlzenit) is a mountain in Albania with a height of 2404 metres (7887 ft). It is rocky and located near the border with Kosovo north of Tropojë. It belongs to the Prokletije. Shkëlzen shares its name with a village that is just south of the mountain.
 BS&T 4 is the fourth album by the band Blood Sweat & Tears released in 1971. It peaked at number 10 on the Billboard Pop albums chart.David Clayton-Thomas left as lead vocalist to pursue a solo career after the release of BS&T 4 as did founding members Dick Halligan and Fred Lipsius. Clayton-Thomas would return to the lineup for New City.
 Hrabia Eryk Kurnatowski (October 8 1883 – February 23 1975) was a Polish nobleman and politician who served a Member of the Senate from 1922 to 1927.
 Pecan Pie (2003) is a short film by Michel Gondry starring Jim Carrey in which the main character drives around the streets in a bed while singing a song in the style of Elvis Presley. It also features French comic duo Éric et Ramzy as the gas station staff.It was attached as a bonus clip in the DVD for Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
 Richard B. (Dick) Magruder (August 7 1946 – June 19 1978) was a rancher lawyer and Oregon state legislator. He attended college and then law school at Willamette University. After graduation he practiced law and operated a ranch in Clatskanie in Columbia County Oregon. He served four terms in the Oregon House of Representatives from 1971 until his death in 1978. During the 1977 legislative session he came within one vote of being elected speaker of the House of Representatives.
 Kimi to Boku. (君と僕。 lit. You & I) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kiichi Hotta about four teens Yūta and Yūki Asaba Shun Matsuoka and Kaname Tsukahara who grew up together and a half-Japanese transfer student Chizuru Tachibana who joins the circle of friends. In 2011 it was adapted into an anime television series by J.C.Staff.
 The Wood Groundling (Parachronistis albiceps) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in most of Europe except the Iberian Peninsula and part of the Balkan Peninsula. Outside of Europe it is found in southern Siberia (Transbaikalia Altai) the Russian Far East and Korea.The wingspan is 10–12 mm. Adults are on wing in June and July.The larvae feed on Corylus (including Corylus avellana) Ulmus and Prunus persica species. They feed inside the buds of their host plant.
 St Catharine's Church Scholes is located in Lorne Street Scholes Wigan Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wigan the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with that of Christ Church Ince-in-Makerfield. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 José Antonio Ocampo Gaviria (born 20 December 1952) is since July 2007 Professor of Professional Practice in International and Public Affairs and Director of the Economic and Political Development Concentration at the School of International and Public Affairs Columbia University.
 The Gold Bat is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published on 13 September 1904 by Adam & Charles Black London. Set at the fictional public school of Wrykyn the novel tells of how two boys O'Hara and Moriarty tar and feather a statue of the local M.P. as a prank.They get away with it but O'Hara had borrowed a tiny gold cricket bat belonging to Trevor the captain of the cricket team. After the prank the boys discover that the trinket is missing.
 Olenosus serrimanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Olenosus.
 CyberWorld (also known as CyberWorld 3D) is a 2000 3-D comedy anthology film shown in IMAX and/or IMAX 3D presented by Intel. Several segments originally filmed in 2-D are showcased as converted to 3-D format.
 Cause of Death is a crime fiction novel by Patricia Cornwell. It is the seventh book in the Dr. Kay Scarpetta series.
 Motel is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Tempest is the third novel in the Legacy of the Force series taking place some 40 years after the original Star Wars trilogy. The book is written by Troy Denning and was released in November 2006 in both paperback and hardcover edition.
 The 67th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began on the first Tuesday in January. It met in Dover Delaware convening January 4 1853 two weeks before the beginning of the third and fourth year of the administration of Governor William H.H.
 Alfred Alexander Alf Taylor (August 6 1848 – November 25 1931) was an American politician and lecturer. He served as Governor of Tennessee from 1921 to 1923 one of just three Republicans to hold the position from the end of Reconstruction to the latter half of the 20th century. He also served three terms in the U.S.
 Komprachcice [kɔmpraxˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] (Silesian: Kůmprachćicy German: Comprachtschütz Gumpertsdorf) is a village in Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Komprachcice. It lies approximately 9 km (6 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 2900.
 Row is an album by the Colorado band Gerard fronted by singer/songwriter Gerard McMahon. It was Gerard's second album and was released in 1976.
 Susannah of the Mounties is a novel written by Muriel Denison in 1936. In the book Susannah is sent to Regina Saskatchewan to spend the summer with her uncle who is a Mountie. There were several sequels to the book including Susannah at Boarding School Susannah of the Yukon and Susannah Rides Again.
 Escalo Frio is the name of an IDM LP by Otto von Schirach.
 Hot August Night is a 1972 live double album by Neil Diamond.
 Trilogy is a box set by the German musical project Enigma. This set includes the first three studio albums by Enigma MCMXC a.D. The Cross of Changes and Le Roi est mort vive le Roi! which comprises their artistic output from 1990–1996.
 Samir al-Rifai (Arabic: سمير الرفاعي‎ 30 January 1901 Safed - 12 October 1965 Amman) was a six-time Prime Minister of Jordan.Al-Rifai served under Kings Abdullah I Talal and Hussein:Prime Minister of the Emirate of Transjordan from 15 October 1944 to 19 May 1945Prime Minister of the Emirate of Transjordan from 19 May 1945 to 25 May 1946Prime Minister of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan from 4 December 1950 to 25 July 1951Prime Minister of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan from 8 January 1956 to 22 May 1956Prime Minister of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan from 18 May 1958 to 6 May 1959Prime Minister of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan from 27 March 1963 to 21 April 1963He was the father of Prime Minister Zaid al-Rifai and the grandfather of Prime Minister Samir Rifai.
 Volanice is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Muhre is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The George Luckert House is an 1858 limestone house; one of the oldest homes in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Asota trinacria is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Borneo Seram and the Philippines (Leyte Luzon Mindoro and Mindanao).
 Head in Flames is a postmodern novel by Lance Olsen published by Chiasmus Press in 2009.
 The Milwaukee Public Museum (MPM) is a natural and human history museum located in downtown Milwaukee Wisconsin USA. The museum was chartered in 1882 and opened to the public in 1884; it is a not-for-profit organization operated by the Milwaukee Public Museum Inc. MPM has three floors of exhibits and the first IMAX Theater in Wisconsin. Admission is free to residents of Milwaukee County on the first Thursday of every month and to Milwaukee County jurors at all times.
 Puntius dorsalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Puntius. It is found in India and Sri Lanka.
 Tides of Flame was an insurrectionist-anarchist newspaper published in Seattle WA. Tides of Flame regularly re-printed communiques claiming responsibility for property destruction taking place in the Puget Sound region. This had the effect of attracting attention from reviewers at The Stranger a Seattle-based alternative newsweekly. Tides of Flame announced the ceasing of publication on December 17 2012 recapping many of the themes and events covered by the publication.
 William Marshall Inge was an American politician that represented Tennessee's tenth district in the United States House of Representatives.
 Kunturqaqa (Quechua kuntur condor qaqa rock condor rock hispanicized spelling Condorcaga is a mountain with an archaeological zone in the Cajamarca Region of Peru. It is situated in the Chota Province Lajas District. Kunturqaqa is also interesting as a natural viewpoint. In the upper part of the mountain there is a stone forest.
 Virtuální is the fifth studio album by the Polish pop rock singer Ewa Farna released on 26 October 2009. This album has Czech lyrics and its songs have a pop rock style with electronic mixes. One song on this album was composed by Farna with assistance of producer Jan Steinsdörfer.Jen Tak was later sung by American Idol alumnus Kimberly Caldwell under its English title Going Going Gone for her debut album Without Regret.
 The Saint on TV is a collection of two mystery novellas by Fleming Lee continuing the adventures of the sleuth Simon Templar aka The Saint created by Leslie Charteris. This book was first published in the United States in 1968 by The Crime Club and in the United Kingdom later that year by Hodder and Stoughton.
 Tudor Hall is a historic home located at Bel Air Harford County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story Gothic Revival cottage built of painted brick. The house was built as a country retreat by Junius Brutus Booth (1796–1852) from Plates 44 and 45 Design XVII of The Architect by William H. Ranlett 1847. However Booth never lived in Tudor Hall because he died before it was completed.
 Selnica Podravska is a village in Croatia.
 It Can't Last Forever is a 1937 black and white American film. The film stars Ralph Bellamy Betty Furness and Robert Armstrong. It is also the debut film for an unbilled 11 year old Donald O'Connor who would later go on to be famous for his acrobatic tap dancing.
 Woodburn Bridge is a historic truss bridge in Indianola Mississippi.The Pratt truss/swing truss bridge was built in 1916. The bridge was abandoned in 1985. The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Bear Mountain Bridge Road is a three-mile (4.8 km) two-lane section of US 6/202 from the west approach to Bear Mountain Bridge to a former toll house in the Town of Cortlandt New York United States. It winds around the steep rocky slopes of Anthony's Nose the southernmost peak of the Hudson Highlands on the east side of the Hudson River.
 The Alexander Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert near Death Valley in northern San Bernardino County California.
 Shaqsha (Ancash Quechua for jingle bell / a typical dancer of the Ancash Region hispanicized Shacsha) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5650 metres (18537 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Huaraz Province Olleros District. Shaqsha lies southwest of Wantsan west of Urwashrahu and southeast of the town Huaraz (Waras).There are two little lakes west of Shaqsha. The one to the east is named Shaqshaqucha (Quechua qucha lake Shacshacocha).
 The Greatest Hits and a Little Bit More is the first greatest hits album released by English boy band 911. It was released in the United Kingdom on 25 October 1999.
 Schwarzbach (Vogtland) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Khazana is a 1987 Hindi Suspense film directed by Harmesh Malhotra and produced by Subhash Kapoor. The film features Randhir Kapoor Rekha and Bindu as main characters and Jeetendra and Rishi Kapoor have special appearance.
 Physiphora elbae is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Physiphora of the family Ulidiidae.
 Dziennik Zachodni (Western Daily DZ) is a regional Polish newspaper distributed in Upper Silesia. Its headquarters is located in the city of Katowice. Established in February 1945 by Stanisław Ziemba it was initially a state-held daily. Taken over by Polskapresse company itself a part of the Verlagsgruppe Passau it is currently the best selling regional newspaper in Poland with an average of 109000 copies sold daily.
 Kruszyna [kruˈʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Miasto within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Louis-Philippe Normand PC (September 21 1863 – June 27 1928) was a Canadian physician and politician.Born in Trois-Rivières Quebec the son of Télesphore-Eusèbe Normand and Alphonsine Giroux he received his Doctor of Medicine from Université Laval in 1886. A practicing physician he was also mayor of Trois-Rivières. In 1911 he ran for the Canadian House of Commons in the Quebec riding of Three Rivers and St. Maurice as the Conservative candidate and was defeated.
 The Yellow-eared Woodpecker (Veniliornis maculifrons) is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is endemic to humid Atlantic forest in eastern Brazil. Its common name refers to the yellow nape of both sexes - a feature not shared by any other Veniliornis in its range.
 Doug Ericksen (born January 28 1969) is an American politician of the Republican Party. He is a member of the Washington State Senate District 42.In 2011 he ran for County Executive against Lynden Mayor Jack Louws and was unsuccessful.He made headlines in 2013 for receiving the most free meals from lobbyists of any legislator in the state of Washington.
 Iron Man and Sub-Mariner is a one-shot comic book published by Marvel Comics in 1968. It is notable for being the first Marvel title to be intentionally published for only one issue as it existed to use up two half-length stories left over after Marvel began its expansion and the characters were to be given their own solo titles.Iron Man and Sub-Mariner does not feature a team-up of the title characters nor a complete story for either.
 Daphnella intercedens is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Fiesta is the album by French europop singer Miranda released in November 1999 by Universal Records in Europe.
 The Baton River is a river in the Tasman District of the South Island of New Zealand. It rises near the Baton Saddle in the Arthur Range and flows ESE then northeast before feeding into the Motueka River 2 km south of Woodstock. A tramping track follows the upper part of the river valley leading to the Karamea-Leslie track and Kahurangi National Park.
 Sole Agency and Representation is the only album by The Javelins a 1960s band fronted by Ian Gillan which never made recordings until it reunited in 1994 to record an album of rock and roll covers. It was released in September 1994 by RPM Records.It was re-issued in 2000 by Purple Records as Raving with Ian Gillan & The Javelins.
 The Iroha Elegy (いろは囃子 Iroha Bayashi) is a 1955 Japanese film directed by Bin Kato.
 The Long Rain is a short story by science fiction author Ray Bradbury. This story was originally published in 1950 as Death-by-Rain in the magazine Planet Stories and then in the collection The Illustrated Man. The story tells of four men who have crashed on a planet where it is always raining.
 Cymatium hepaticum is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 The Silver-backed Needletail (Hirundapus cochinchinensis) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.It is found in Cambodia China India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal Singapore Thailand and Vietnam. It is a vagrant to Christmas Island.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Richard J. Schmierer is a United States diplomat. He currently serves as the United States Ambassador to Oman.
 Cibles is a French magazine that publishes articles about Firearms and Militaria. The magazine is sold at newsstands in Belgium France and Switzerland.
 Felchbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Porttipahta Reservoir (Finnish: Porttipahdan tekojärvi) is a rather large lake in the Kemijoki main catchment area. It is located in the region of Lapland in Finland.
 Whistle (1978) a novel by James Jones tells the story of four wounded South Pacific veterans brought back by hospital ship to the United States during World War II. Much of the story takes place in a veterans hospital in the fictional city of Luxor Tennessee (based on the city of Memphis).Whistle forms the third part of a war trilogy after From Here to Eternity (1951) and The Thin Red Line (1962).
 Duzakh Darreh (Persian: دوزخ دره‎ also Romanized as Dūzakh Darreh; also known as Dūzakhdarreh) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 18 families.
 Miroslav Kalousek (b. 17 December 1960 in Tábor) is a Czech politician former Minister of Finance of the Czech Republic. He is also the First Deputy Chairman and the principal founder of the Tradition Responsibility Prosperity 09 party (TOP 09).Kalousek was previously a member and also chaired the then-government party Christian Democrats. Kalousek studied chemistry at a university in Prague. Since 1990 he worked in the civil service.
 Playing for Pizza is a short novel by John Grisham released on September 25 2007. The novel is about an itinerant American football player who can no longer get work in the National Football League and whose agent as a last resort signs a deal for him to play for the Parma Panthers in Parma Italy.
 The International Tehran Tower (Persian: برج بین‌المللی تهران‎) is a 56-story building in Tehran Iran. It is the tallest residential building in Iran. It is located North of Youssef Abad district close to Kordestan and Resalat Expressway.
 Truth to Promises is the debut album by Heavy/Power metal band Symphorce.
 Gheyb-e Elahi (Persian: غيب الهي‎ also Romanized as Gheyb-e Elahī and Gheib Elahi; also known as Ghaib ‘Alai Gheyb‘alī and Gheybollāhī) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 669 in 124 families.
 Ivan Uhliarik (born 3 June 1968 in Námestovo) is a Slovak Physician and politician for the Christian Democratic Movement (Slovak: Kresťanskodemokratické hnutie) and served from 8 June 2010 until 4 April 2012 as Minister of Health in the Cabinet of Iveta Radičová.
 Com Plex is the first full length album by indie rock band The Helio Sequence. It was released September 5 2000 on Cavity Search Records. It contains a cover of the Beatles song Tomorrow Never Knows.
 Place de Ville is a complex of office towers in downtown Ottawa Canada. It consists of four office buildings Place de Ville A B and C and the 'Podium' building two large hotels the Ottawa Delta City Centre (411 rooms) and Ottawa Marriott Hotel (487 rooms) as well as the city's largest underground parking garage with space for 974 cars. The buildings are linked by an underground shopping complex. Place de Ville C is the tallest building in Ottawa.
 The Martin W. Carr School is a historic school building located at 25 Atherton Street in the Spring Hill area of Somerville Massachusetts. It has been converted to condominiums.The Martin S. Carr School was built in 1898 as an elementary school with fourteen classrooms. The school was named in honor of Martin S. Carr a successful Somerville manufacturer who was active in city government serving over the years as Alderman]] City Councilor and member of the School Committee.
 Jabal Kandi (Persian: جبل كندي‎ also Romanized as Jabal Kandī and Jabalkandī) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 388 in 84 families.
 Sarve Satyanarayana (born 4 April 1954) is an Indian politician and member of the Parliament of India representing Malkajgiri constituency. He was inducted into Manmohan Singh's cabinet as Union minister of state for Transport in October 2012.
 Hipposideros rotalis the Laotian leaf-nosed bat or Laotian roundleaf bat is a species of bat from the Rhinolophidae family which is endemic to Bolikhamsai Province Laos . Only a small number of individuals have been recorded however the population size is thought to be large as it has been found to cover a range of more than 20000 km2.
 The John Corliss House (or Kilton-Wilkinson House) is an historic American Colonial house at 201 South Main Street in Providence Rhode Island.The house was built in 1746 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Mega is the second full-length album released by electronic rock band Yacht. It was released on States Rights Records in 2005. The last track is a remix of the song Now It Is All Over Like The Birds by Thanksgiving
 Qaleh Kohneh (Persian: قلعه كهنه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Kohneh) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 550 in 97 families.
 The Orere River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally northeast from the Hunua Ranges reaching the Firth of Thames at Orere Point close to the point where the firth widens into the Hauraki Gulf.
 Marajul (Persian: مراجول‎ also Romanized as Marājūl; also known as Marjal) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 106 families.
 Sunnyside Farm is a historic home and farm located near Hamilton Loudoun County Virginia. The original section of the house was built about 1815 and is a two-story three-bay vernacular Federal style dwelling. There are several frame additions built from c.1855-60 up through the 20th century. Also on the property are the contributing brick barn with diamond-patterned ventilation holes (ca 1813) two-story springhouse (c. 1813) a wide loafing shed a large corncrib and two-car garage (c.
 Christopher Augustus Gus Kelly (21 August 1890 – 25 March 1967) was an Australian politician. He was an Australian Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1925 to 1932 and again from 1935 until his death in 1967 representing the electorate of Bathurst. He held numerous ministerial positions between 1941 and 1965 in McKell Labor Government.
 Blackford Pond is a small artificial pond created during the Victorian Era in a glacial hollow in the Blackford region of Edinburgh. It is next to Blackford Hill and is easily accessed from both ends. The pond is popular with families due to its accessibility and the presence of a play area.It has significant populations of birds including swans and ducks.
 Trn is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 30 people.
 The Pact (1998) is a novel by Jodi Picoult about a possible suicide pact between two teenage lovers and the journey that one must take after losing a loved one.
 Air Vice Marshal Sir Geoffrey Rhodes Bromet KBE CB DSO DL (28 August 1891 – 16 November 1983) was an Air Vice Marshal during World War II and a former Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man.
 A Soldier's Play is a drama by Charles Fuller. The play uses a murder mystery to explore the complicated feelings of anger and resentment that some African Americans have toward one another and the ways in which many black Americans have absorbed white racist attitudes.This play is loosely based on Herman Melville's novella Billy Budd.
 Marma Veeran (Tamil: மர்ம வீரன்; English: Mysterious Warrior) is a 1956 Tamil film written by A. L. Narayanan and directed by T. R. Raghunath and was produced by actor Sriram. The film starred Sriram and Vyjayanthimala in the lead roles with N. T. Rama Rao Sivaji Ganesan and Gemini Ganesan in guest appearances with Rajasulochana Chittor V. Nagaiah P. S. Veerappa J. P. Chandrababu K. A. Thangavelu M. N. Rajam and T. S. Balaiah forms an ensemble cast. V.
 Winthrop is the remnant of a lunar crater that has been flooded by lava from the Oceanus Procellarum. It lies across the western rim of the much larger crater Letronne a much larger feature that has been nearly destroyed by the intruding mare lavas. All that survives of Winthrop are a few segments of the outer rim.Winthrop was previously identified as Letronne P before being renamed by the IAU.
 Robert Allan Pyne (October 29 1853 – June 18 1931) was an Ontario physician and political figure. He represented Toronto East and then Toronto Northeast in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Conservative member from 1898 to 1918.
 Ahobala Agrahara is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Tumkur taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 James Hyrum Jim Shumway (July 8 1939 – May 11 2003) was an election administrator and Secretary of State of Arizona.He was born in Tempe and attended Tempe High School where he became a noted football player. His skill in this sport earned him a football scholarship to Brigham Young University where he also excelled at the game.
 The Verșteag River is a tributary of the Șereniac River in Romania.
 His Majesty's Lieutenant (German:Der Leutnant Ihrer Majestät) is a 1929 German silent romance film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Iván Petrovich Agnes Esterhazy and Georg Alexander.
 The Mohole Mystery is a juvenile science fiction novel the eleventh in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber in 1968 in the US by Criterion Books in 1969 under the title The Mohole Menace. It was also published in French as Pionniers des ténèbres (literally Pioneers of Darkness) by Éditions de l'Amitié in 1973 and as A ameaça de Mohole in Portuguese by Edições Dêagã.
 Greedy is a 1994 comedy film directed by Jonathan Lynn and written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel. The film starred Michael J. Fox Kirk Douglas and Nancy Travis with Phil Hartman Ed Begley Jr. Olivia d'Abo Colleen Camp and Bob Balaban appearing in supporting roles. The original music score was composed by Randy Edelman.
 Umar Usman Dukku was elected Senator for the Gombe North constituency of Gombe State Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic running on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform.
 The Mathew Geary House is a wood-framed single family home located on Market Street in the city of Mackinac Island Michigan built about 1846. It is owned by the Mackinac Island State Park. The two-story side-gabled frame house has an entrance porch topped with a balustrade and an enclosed side porch. Its raised basement an architectural response to bedrock close to the surface is characteristic of traditional Mackinac Island architecture.
 Cast Two Shadows is a historical novel by Ann Rinaldi a part of the Great Episodes series; it is told in first-person.
 Countdown 1992–1983 is a compilation album by the band Pulp. Released on 11 March 1996 it is a double CD album.It features highlights from the band's first three albums (It Freaks and Separations) along with non-album singles (Little Girl With Blue Eyes and Dogs Are Everywhere) and B-sides (Death Goes to the Disco The Mark Of The Devil 97 Lovers and Blue Glow).
 The Lungșorul River is a tributary of the Dașor River in Romania.
 The Campaniloidea is a superfamily of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks. The Campaniloidea are unassigned in the clade Caenogastropoda.
 St Mary's Cathedral or the Cathedral Church of Saint Mary the Virgin is a cathedral of the Scottish Episcopal Church in Edinburgh Scotland. It was built in the late 19th century in the West End of Edinburgh's New Town. The cathedral is the see of the Bishop of Edinburgh one of seven bishops within the Episcopal Church which is part of the Anglican Communion. Designed in a Gothic style by Sir George Gilbert Scott the cathedral is now protected as a category A listed building.
 Suli Top is a Himalayan mountain peak in the Pithoragarh district of the Uttarakhand state of India. It is situated over the eastern flank of Kalabaland Glacier east of Johar Valley. The other peaks on the massif are Chiring We (6559 m) Trigal (6983 m) and Bamba Dhura (6334 m) etc. This ridge is a geographical divide between Lassar and Kalabaland valley. The first ascent to the summit was achieved in 1986.
 Henricus turbula is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Tamaulipas Chiapas) and Guatemala.
 The spotted sunfish (Lepomis punctatus) is a member of the freshwater sunfish family Centrarchidae and order perciformes. The redbreast sunfish bluegill and red-spotted sunfish are closely related species.Lepomis punctatus is olive-green to brown in color with black to reddish spots at the base of each scale that form rows of dots on the side. The scientific name punctatus refers to this spotted pattern.
 The Right Kind of Wrong is a 2013 Canadian romantic comedy film directed by Jeremiah S. Chechik. Its premiere was in the Gala Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 The Maze is a 1953 atmospheric horror film in 3-D starring Richard Carlson and actress Hillary Brooke. Directed by William Cameron Menzies it was distributed by Allied Artists Pictures. This was to be the second 3-D film designed and directed by William Cameron Menzies. Menzies who was known as a director with a very dimensional style (e.g. many shots are focused in layers). This would be his final film as production designer and director.
 Rosnowo [rɔsˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcińsko-Zdrój within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Trzcińsko-Zdrój 34 km (21 mi) south of Gryfino and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Hara Takashi (原 敬 9 February 1856 – 4 November 1921) was a Japanese politician and the 19th Prime Minister of Japan from 29 September 1918 until his assassination on 4 November 1921. He was also called Hara Kei informally. He was the first commoner appointed to the office of prime minister of Japan. His catch phrase as a politician was commoner prime minister (平民宰相 heimin saishō). He was also the first Japanese Christian Prime Minister.
 Chernobyl: Consequences of the Catastrophe for People and the Environment is a translation of a 2007 Russian publication by Alexey V. Yablokov Vassily B. Nesterenko and Alexey V. Nesterenko edited by Janette D. Sherman-Nevinger and originally published by the New York Academy of Sciences in 2009 in their Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences series.The primary author the biologist Alexey V.
 Holcocera musicae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Colter Peak el. 10640 feet (3240 m) is a mountain peak in the Absaroka Range in the southeastern section of Yellowstone National Park. The peak is named for mountain man John Colter reputedly the first white man to visit the Yellowstone region. Colter Peak was first ascended in 1870 by Lt. Gustavus Cheyney Doane and Nathaniel P. Langford during the Washburn–Langford–Doane Expedition. Henry D. Washburn the expedition leader named the peak for Langford and Doane.
 Mott the Hoople is the debut studio album by the band of the same name. It was produced by Guy Stevens and released in 1969 by Island Records in the UK (cat. no. ILPS 9108) and in 1970 by Atlantic Records in North America (cat. no. SD 8258). It was subsequently re-released by Angel Air in 2003 (SJPCD157).Stevens the group's initial mentor and guide wanted to create an album that would suggest Bob Dylan singing with the Rolling Stones.
 Jenonne Walker was appointed U.S. Ambassador to the Czech Republic on June 27 1995 by President Clinton. She presented her credentials on August 31 1995 and left her post three years later on August 31 1998. She served in various posts in the U.S. Department of State including that of political counselor at the U.S. Embassy in Sweden from 1981 to 1983 and was on the National Security Council during the Carter Administration.
 Fabresema is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Second album of Polish hardcore punk rock band Eye for an Eye
 Bugaj [ˈbuɡai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Bliżyn 9 km (6 mi) west of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 28 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Alan I. Rothenberg (born April 10 1939 in Detroit Michigan) is an influential administrative figure in the history of North American soccer who is credited with greatly contributing to the growth of the game in the United States and the namesake of the Alan I. Rothenberg Trophy which was awarded annually to the winner of the MLS Cup.
 Kachina Chasma (or Kachina Chasmata) is the longest canyon on the surface of the Uranian moon Ariel. Its name comes from a spirit in Hopi mythology. The 622 km long and 50 km wide chasmata is a system of normal faults running from the north-west to south-east. The faults bound down-dropped crustal blocks forming structures called graben.
 Liquid is a collaborative EP by American rapper/producer Le1f and producer Boody released on November 19 2012.
 The Antique Emporium is a historic building located the corner of South Barstow and Main Streets in Eau Claire Wisconsin. It was built in 1899 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 (as: Eau Claire Masonic Temple). The Masonic bodies that once met there relocated in 1927 to the Temple of Free Masonry on Graham Avenue.
 Thomas Rhett is the debut EP from country musician Thomas Rhett. The EP was released on August 28 2012 and ranked No. 3 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.
 Longwood Swallet is a cave near Charterhouse in the Carboniferous Limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England. The cave is part of the Cheddar Complex SSSI and connected to August Hole.It is 1.65 km in length and reaches a depth of 175m.The cave was discovered in September 1944 by boys from Sidcot School.The picture shown is not Longwood Swallet it is Longwood Valley Sink.Longwood Swallet's entrance is a lidded concrete block construction.
 FabricLive.29 is a DJ mix compilation album by Cut Copy released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Buccinulum is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Buccinidae the whelks.
 John Cotton Smith (February 12 1765 – December 7 1845) was a nineteenth-century lawyer judge and politician from Connecticut. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives as the 7th Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut and as the 22nd Governor of Connecticut.
 Golden Earrings is a 1947 romantic spy film made by Paramount Pictures and starring Ray Milland and Marlene Dietrich. It was directed by Mitchell Leisen and produced by Harry Tugend from a screenplay by Frank Butler Helen Deutsch and Abraham Polonsky based on a novel by Jolán Földes. The music score was by Victor Young and the cinematography by Daniel L. Fapp.The film's haunting song Golden Earrings sung in the movie by Murvyn Vye was a hit recording in 1947-48 by Peggy Lee.
 ReBirth is the 9th album by Masami Okui released on 4 February 2004.
 The Mount Cooper Striped Lerista (Lerista vittata) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.It is found only in Australia.
 Rob & Fab is the lone album by Rob & Fab financed by Taj Records in 1991 and released by Joss Entertainment in 1992.Rob & Fab was Rob Pilatus and Fabrice Morvan the faces of the infamous Milli Vanilli.Pilatus and Morvan provided lead vocals for the band and album while nearly all songs on the album were written by composer Kenny Taylor. Morvan acted as co-producer of the album and co-composer of four songs of which two were co-composed with Pilatus.
 Avenging Spider-Man is an American comic book series published monthly by Marvel Comics featuring the adventures of the fictional superhero Spider-Man. The events in the story take place in the primary continuity of the mainstream Marvel Universe along with the events of The Amazing Spider-Man and later The Superior Spider-Man.
 The Land Report is a quarterly American magazine that focuses on topics of interest to those who own or seek to own or invest in land. In addition to its subscriber base The Land Report is mailed to The Land Report 100 Forbes' list of the World's 400 Billionaires the 100 Top CEOs Under 40 sports franchise owners in the U.S. and Britain a select group of brokers agents and landowners business managers and attorneys for celebrities and sports stars.
 Chekkaeran Oru Chilla is a 1986 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Sibi Malayil and produced by Shankar starring Shankar himself along with Bharath Gopi and Nedumudi Venu while Ambika played the leading lady.
 Piz di Strega is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps overlooking Pass Giümela on the border between the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. Its summit lies south of Pizzo di Ramulazz.
 Looking East to Look West: Lee Kuan Yew's Mission India won India's most prestigious literary non-fiction prize the Vodafone Crossword Book Award for 2009. Written by Sunanda K. Datta-Ray the book is a profound and intricate analytic-history of India's first major foreign policy innovation since Non-alignment: the Look East policy. The policy began according to Datta-Ray during P.V. Narasimha Rao's tenure as Prime Minister of India.
 Probainognathidae is an extinct family of meat-eating mammal-like reptiles (Therapsids) which lived during the Upper Triassic. According to some authors it has perhaps two known members: Probainognathus from South America and the somewhat later Lepagia from Europe. The family was established by Romer in 1973. Its members were closely related to the even more exotically named Chiniquodontidae.Both genera were small animals.
 A Great Mistake is a 2010 genre-bending short film directed by Abner Pastoll produced by Junyoung Jang and written by Abner Pastoll & Gerlind Becker.
 Thomas T. Tom Anderson (born August 4 1967) is a partner at Optima Public Relations in Anchorage Alaska and also a radio talk show host of Tom Anderson Show (www.TomAndersonShow.com) on KVNT 92.5 FM and 1020 AM in Anchorage and Mat-Su Valley Alaska. Anderson is a former Alaska state representative for District 19 representing northeast Anchorage Alaska.
 Buxolestes is an extinct genus of semi-aquatic placental mammals belonging to the family Pantolestidae. Species in this genus were part of the first placental evolutionary radiation during the Middle Eocene (50-40 mya).
 The Dark Tower: The Wind Through the Keyhole is a novel by Stephen King first published on February 21 2012 by Grant as a limited edition and later published by Scribner as a trade hardcover (ISBN 978-1451658903) on April 24 2012 with ebook and audiobook editions. The audiobook is read by the author. As part of The Dark Tower series it is the eighth Dark Tower novel but chronologically set between volumes four and five.
 Le dernier homme (Arabic: اطلال‎ (Atlal) English: The Last Man) is a 2006 Lebanese film by the Lebanese director Ghassan Salhab.
 Marcus Alonzo Mark Hanna (September 24 1837 – February 15 1904) was a Republican United States Senator from Ohio and the friend and political manager of President William McKinley. Hanna had made millions as a businessman and used his money and business skills to successfully manage McKinley's presidential campaigns in 1896 and 1900.Hanna was born in New Lisbon (today Lisbon) Ohio in 1837.
 Mordellistena luteola is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1891 by George Charles Champion.
 A Large Attendance In The Antechamber is a one-man play by Brian Lipson about Francis Galton the English scientist statistician and founder of the eugenics movement.The play was first seen in Melbourne in 2000 and has since been performed in the UK USA and New Zealand both in theatres and in private homes.
 Wizards of Waverly Place is the soundtrack album for the hit Disney Channel Original Series of the same name. The album was released as a physical CD enhanced CD and digital on August 4 2009 under Walt Disney Records. The album includes songs from and inspired by the TV series and Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie.
 Filatopus is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Written by Sorush Pakzad Doozakhrafat  also known as Craposyncrasies is a book that contains the author’s satirical pieces in Persian which were posted on his personal blog prior to publication. The book includes 107 stories about gods prophets and angles and was published in February 2012 by H&S Media.The author’s critical approach towards the religious beliefs in the contemporary practices of Islam caught the attention of many critics.
 Denzil Llewellyn Douglas (born 14 January 1953) is the Prime Minister of the twin-island Caribbean nation of Saint Kitts and Nevis Minister of Finance Sustainable Development Human Resources Development Constituency Empowerment and Social Security. He represents residents of St. Christopher #6 (which comprises the communities of Newton Ground St. Pauls Dieppe Bay Parsons Saddlers and Harris') as their Member of Parliament (MP).Dr.
 Satori was the title of an LP released by Flower Travellin' Band in Canada. It featured tracks from the original Japanese release of Satori Made In Japan and an additional track only available on the Canadian single release of Satori. The songs featured from Satori were remixed and edited considerably. The album was produced by Paul Hoffert of Lighthouse.The album details are as follows:
 Cell Mates is a split album by Bowling for Soup on their own Que-so Records with fellow Denton-based artists The V.I.M.S. Only 2100 copies of the album were released and the album is currently out of print. Bowling for Soup frontman Jaret Reddick considers this album to be the band's second studio album. The band released digitally remastered versions of Bowling for Soup Cell Mates and Tell Me When to Whoa through iTunes and Amazon.com in October 2011.
 Abacena accincta is a moth of the Erebidae family. It is found in French Guyana Costa Rica and in Brazil.
 Walter Allen Stosch (born August 18 1936 in Fredericksburg Virginia) is an American politician. He served as the Republican President Pro Tem of the Senate and served in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1983 until 1992 when he was elected to the Senate of Virginia. He was Majority leader 1998–2007 after which he was named Republican Leader Emeritus. He currently represents the 12th district made up of parts of Hanover and Henrico Counties.
 Dzhulfitidae is a small extinct family of Upper Permian and Lower Triassic ammonoids from Asia included in the ceratitid Xenodiscaceae and containing only three genera: Abachites Dzhulfites and Paratirolites.Dzhulfitidae was named by Shevyrev in 1965 to contain Dzhulfites and Abachites also named by him at that time. Paratirolites was removed from its previous position in the Ceratitaceae.
 The Femeș River is a tributary of the Feernic River in Romania
 Sambongsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1187 metres.
 Kolová (German: Kohlhau) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 The Trollenberg Terror is the title of both a 1956 Saturday Serial ITV UK television programme and a better-known 1958 black-and-white science fiction film. The latter is also known as The Crawling Eye Creature from Another World The Creeping Eye and The Flying Eye. Both versions are directed by Quentin Lawrence and feature Laurence Payne as journalist Philip Truscott who investigates unusual accidents occurring at a Swiss resort.
 The Ouergha River (Berber: Asif n Wergha) is a watercourse in Morocco that is tributary to the Sebou River.
 Bhairava Dweepam is a very successful Tollywood folk movie that was released by the banner of Chandamama Vijaya Combines in the year 1994. The movie was starred by Nandamuri Balakrishna Roja Selvamani Rambha Kaikala Satyanarayana Manorama K. R. Vijaya Babu Mohan Giri Babu Subhalekha Sudhakar B. Padmanabham Vijayakumar Suthi Velu and many more. Produced by B. Venkatarama Reddy Music by Madhavapeddi Suresh Story Screenplay & Direction by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao.
 The Washburn University Carnegie Library Building in Topeka Kansas United States is a Carnegie library built in 1904. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Making History is a play written by Irish playwright Brian Friel in 1989. It is set in Ireland in August 1591 and focuses on the real-life plight of Aodh Mór Ó Néill Earl of Tyrone who led an Irish and Spanish alliance against the English in an attempt to drive them out of Ireland. The play is set before and after the Battle of Kinsale. The battle does not directly feature in the play although it is central to the plot.
 December Makes Me Feel This Way is the fourth studio album by saxophone player Dave Koz. Koz's first holiday album was released by Capitol Records on September 23 1997. Koz himself provides vocal on album title track December Makes Me Feel This Way. The album peaked at number 2 on Billboard Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart.
 The Woman I Love is a 1937 American film about a romantic triangle involving two World War I fighter pilots and the wife of one of them. It stars Paul Muni Miriam Hopkins and Louis Hayward. Anatole Litvak's Hollywood directorial debut was a remake of his French film L'Equipage which was in turn based on Joseph Kessel's novel of the same name. This was the last film for actor Colin Clive and was released after his death in 1937.
 Changing of the Seasons is an EP by Northern Irish indie pop band Two Door Cinema Club released in September 2013. The EP is the first release by them since the band had left Kitsuné and signed with former EMI subsidiary Parlophone Records.
 The Heathen's Guide to World Religions is a book by Kingston Ontario-based William Hopper. It is a humorous look at the history of the Jewish Christian Islamic Buddhist and Hindu faiths.The book was written in 1997 and self-published by Hopper that same year. After attracting the attention of publishers it was re-released in 2001 by StoneFox Publishing. After StoneFox went defunct in 2003 the rights to the book reverted to the author.
 The Aiguille de Triolet (3870 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in France and Italy.
 Deadbeat Hero is Doug Stanhope's second stand-up comedy DVD and his fifth CD. Recorded at the Comedy Underground in Seattle Washington in 2004 originally produced by Shout Factory and released as part of the Ad Lib Breakout Comedy Series. It was reissued in 2007 by Stand Up! Records.
 Wrapped in a Dream is the twenty-eighth album by Spyro Gyra recorded and released in 2006. The album cover shows a shadow of two people (man and woman) dancing together.
 Chronicle of a Death Foretold (Spanish: Crónica de una muerte anunciada) is a novella by Gabriel García Márquez published in 1981. It tells in the form of a pseudo-journalistic reconstruction the story of the murder of Santiago Nasar by the two Vicario brothers.
 Félix Allard (October 25 1897 – September 17 1974) was a lawyer judge and political figure in Quebec. He represented Abitibi in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1939 to 1944 as a Liberal.He was born in Saint-François-du-Lac Quebec the son of Jules Allard and Berthe Toupin. Allard was educated at the Collège de Nicolet the Université Laval at Montreal and the School of Management at Poughkeepsie New York.
 The Potter's Field (orig. Italian Il campo del vasaio) is a 2008 novel by Andrea Camilleri translated into English in 2011 by Stephen Sartarelli.
 Monkey Shines (sometimes called Monkey Shines: An Experiment in Fear) is an American horror film originally released in 1988. Written and directed by George A. Romero the film is based on a novel with the same title authored by Michael Stewart.
 Equality Diversity and Inclusion (formerly Equal Opportunities International) is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing research on racial sexual religious disability and age discrimination equal opportunities and affirmative action.It is published by Emerald Group Publishing (since 2006) and was established in 1981. The journal changed its name from Equal Opportunities International to Equality Diversity and Inclusion in 2010.
 Waterproof9 is the first and only studio album released by solo artist Patrick Watson before he joined Simon Angell Robbie Kuster and Mishka Stein to form the more well-known Patrick Watson band.The album was written to accompany Brigitte Henry's Waterproof photobook. Each track on the album shares its title with a photograph from the collection and one of the photographs Main Perpéttuelle 1 is used on the album cover.
 White Dog released in France as Chien Blanc is a fictional autobiographical novel written by Romain Gary. Originally published as a short story in Life in 1970 (9 October) the full novel was published in 1970 in French in France by Éditions Gallimard. Gary's English version of the novel was published in North America in the same year by New American Library.
 Neotomoxia robusta is a species of beetle in the Neotomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1931.
 Hell House is a novel by American novelist Richard Matheson published in 1971.
 Christ the King Church in Fort Smith Arkansas is a Mission/Spanish revival style church built in 1930. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was designed by Thompson Sanders & Ginocchio.
 A Single Shard is the winner of the 2002 Newbery Medal awarded for excellence in children's literature; it also received an honorable mention from the Asian/Pacific American Awards for Literature. The novel was written by Linda Sue Park and is set in 12th-century Korea.SummaryThe Single Shard tells the story of a 12-year-old boy named Tree-ear. He is an orphan and lives under a bridge in Ch’ulp’o a small village in 12th Century Korea with Crane-man a crippled old man.
 The Ngunguru River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It initially flows southwest before turning east to flow into a long wide estaury which empties into Ngunguru Bay to the northwest of Whangarei. The town of Ngunguru sits on the estuary's north bank at its opening to the bay.
 Prionothelphusa is a genus of freshwater crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae containing the single species Prionothelphusa eliasi. It lives in Colombia Venezuela and Brazil in the drainages of the Rio Negro river draining the Guyana Shield and is listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List.
 Yellowstone Lake is the largest body of water in Yellowstone National Park The lake is 7732 feet (2376 m) above sea level and covers 136 square miles (350 km2) with 110 miles (177 km) of shoreline. While the average depth of the lake is 139 feet (42 m) its deepest spot is at least 390 feet (118 m).
 John Perry (born 15 August 1956) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He is a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Sligo–North Leitrim constituency and the Minister of State for Small Business.Perry was born in Ballymote County Sligo. He was educated at Ballymote National School and Corran College Ballymote. Perry was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1997 general election for the constituency and has retained his seat since.
 The J. Tawes Historical Museum is located on the Somers Cove Marina Crisfield Maryland United States. The museum focuses on the history of the Lower Shore region including the local people towns and industry.
 Microscopy and Microanalysis is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers original research in the fields of microscopy imaging and compositional analysis including electron microscopy fluorescence microscopy atomic force microscopy and live-cell imaging.It was established in February 1995 and previews of all articles published are available online. According to the Journal Citation Reports its 2010 impact factor is 3.259.
 Beenkeragh or Benkeeragh (Irish: Binn Chaorach meaning peak/mountain of the sheep) is the second-highest mountain peak in Ireland at 1008.2 metres (3308 ft) high (Some sources cite 1010 m). It lies to the north of Carrauntoohil (Ireland's highest peak) in the MacGillycuddy's Reeks of County Kerry. Beenkeragh is joined to Carrauntoohil by a narrow ridge called The Bones. It is counted by the Scottish Mountaineering Club as a Furth; a 3000 ft high peak outside Scotland.
 Pulower See is a lake in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 10.9 m its surface area is 0.103 km².
 Lu Yu-wen (Chinese: 呂有文; pinyin: Lǚ Yǒuwén) is a politician in the Republic of China. He served as Minister of the Ministry of Justice from 1989 to 1993.
 Journal of Humanistic Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is Kirk J. Schneider (Existential-Humanistic Institute). It has been in publication since 1961 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Chwalimierz [xfaˈlimjɛʂ] (German: Frankenthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Środa Śląska and 31 kilometres (19 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The merchant Georg von Kramsta had a Neo-Renaissance palace built here around the year 1885 that was destroyed during World War II.
 The Rusty-backed Monjita (Xolmis rubetra) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is endemic to Argentina.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and pastureland.
 Whitehorse Mountain is a peak near the western edge of the North Cascades in Washington state. It is located just southwest of the Sauk River Valley town of Darrington near the northern boundary of Boulder River Wilderness in Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest. While not of particularly high absolute elevation even for the North Cascades it is notable for its large steep local relief.
 St. Stephen's Church Hyson Green is a Church of England church in Hyson Green Nottingham.
 Deh-e Khoda Karam (Persian: ده خداكرم‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Khodā Karam and Dehkhodā Karam) is a village in Malmir Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Eide Church (Norwegian: Eide kyrkje) is a parish church in Eide Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Eide. The church is part of the Eide parish in the Ytre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1871 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. The church seats about 340 people.
 Bieliki [bjɛˈliki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulmierzyce within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Sulmierzyce 22 km (14 mi) east of Pajęczno and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Nature Via Nurture: Genes Experience and What Makes us Human is a 2003 book written by Matt Ridley that discusses the interaction between environment and genes and how they affect human development. It has been republished as The Agile Gene: How Nature Turns on Nurture (ISBN 0-06-000678-1).
 'Health and Interprofessional Practice' is an open access peer-reviewed public health journal publishing original research and reviews on interprofessional education and practice among health care providers from different disciplines to inform patient-centered care.
 Dreisbach (Bröl) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 High Performance Polymers is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research in the field of polymer chemistry in particular molecular structure/processability/property relationships of high performance polymers such as liquid crystalline polymers. It is published eight times a year by SAGE Publications. The editor-in-chief is John Connell (NASA Langley Research Center).
 Isodor Harry Checchio (June 8 1922 – November 23 2003) was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Three Times (最好的時光; Zuì hǎo de shí guāng; lit. 'Best of Times') is a 2005 Taiwanese film directed by Hou Hsiao-Hsien. It features three chronologically separate stories of love between May and Chen set in 1911 1966 and 2005 using the same lead actors Shu Qi and Chang Chen.The film was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival it won the Golden Apricot at the 2006 Yerevan International Film Festival Armenia for Best Feature Film and received positive reviews.
 My Wife is a Gangster 2: The Return Fable (Hangul: 조폭 마누라 2 - 돌아온 전설; RR: Jopok manura 2: Dolaon jeonseol) is a 2003 South Korean film. It is the sequel to My Wife is a Gangster. It features Zhang Ziyi in a small cameo. She appears in a short fight scene at the end of the film.
 Angove Lake is a permanent freshwater lake in the Great Southern area of Western Australia.
 Hai Ti! was a comic strip that spreads the word about the ways that computers and the Internet can transform learners' and teachers' lives. It was created by SchoolNet Namibia. It was unique in being the first publication of its kind to be published under international Creative Commons rules in Namibia. The strip won third place at the World Summit Awards in 2005.The comic ceased publication in 2009 after SchoolNet fell out of favour with the Namibian government.
 The Way I Spent the End of the World (Romanian: Cum mi-am petrecut sfârşitul lumii) is the feature-length film debut of Romanian director Cătălin Mitulescu. It was released on September 15 2006.
 Willamette Week (WW) is an alternative weekly newspaper published in Portland Oregon United States since 1974. It features reports on local news politics sports business and culture. Willamette Week is the only weekly newspaper to have one of its reporters Nigel Jaquiss win a Pulitzer Prize for Investigative Reporting. It was the first newspaper to win a Pulitzer for a story that it first published online.
 Delaware Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church also known as Asbury-Delaware Methodist Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal Church located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It was constructed in two phases between 1871 and 1876 and is a distinct example of High Victorian Gothic ecclestastical architecture. In 2006 the structure became home to Righteous Babe Records and known as The Church or Babeville.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Gordon Stanley Reid AC (22 September 1923 – 26 October 1989) was an Australian academic who served as the 28th Governor of Western Australia. Born in Hurstville a suburb of Sydney New South Wales he was educated at Hurstville Boys High School before enlisting in the Royal Australian Air Force where he served as a Flying Officer during the Second World War.
 Charlie's Country is a 2013 Australian drama film directed by Rolf de Heer. It has been selected to compete in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 Nettie Mayersohn (born May 30 1926) is a former member of the New York State Assembly representing the 27th District in Flushing Queens. Her district extends from Kew Gardens Hills to Kew Gardens and the northern edge of Richmond Hill.
 Pir Yusefian (Persian: پيريوسفيان‎ also Romanized as Pīr Yūsefīān and Pīr Yūsefīyān) is a village in Pir Yusefian Rural District in the Central District of Alborz County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3816 in 890 families.
 Kevin J. Blaum (born June 4 1952 in Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania) is a former American politician who was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 121st Legislative district of Pennsylvania for nearly three decades.He is a 1970 graduate of James M. Coughlin High School. He earned a degree in Education and Political Science from the University of Scranton in 1974.
 Mandorock is a studio album by the Phil Beer Band in 2000. Like the follow-up Once in a Blue Moon it is very rare. Mandorock is the first Phil Beer Band album and Beer's fifth solo studio album. Mandorock 2000 Live released in 2009 a live recording from the Phil Beer Band from this era.The song Red River Valley appeares on Box Set One (2010).
 Rao Gopal Rao (14 January 1937 — 18 August 1994) was an Indian film Character actor and producer known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema. He was the member of Rajya Sabha from April 1986 to April 1992.
 The Supramonte is an area of mountains and highlands located in central-eastern Sardinia Italy. It lies northeast of the Gennargentu massif spanning eastwards until it reaches the Tyrrenian See in the Gulf of Orosei. It has an extension of about 35000 hectares encompassing most of the territories of the comuni (municipalities) of Baunei Dorgali Oliena Orgosolo and Urzulei.
 Tim McCormack is a politician from Cuyahoga County Ohio. He has served in a wide array of positions ranging from Commissioner Auditor as well as state Senator. He is currently a potential candidate for Cuyahoga County Executive.
 Boomtown is the Los Angeles themed and only studio album by the American rock duo David + David released on July 7 1986 through A&M Records.
 Lalpur Nepal is a Village Development Committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3412 people residing in 621 individual households.
 Shalili-ye Kuchek (Persian: شليلي كوچك‎ also Romanized as Shalīlī-ye Kūchek and Shalīlī-ye Kūchak; also known as Shalīlī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 175 in 35 families.
 Muhammad Naji Shawkat Bey (1893 - May 11 1980) was an Iraqi politician who served as Prime Minister of Iraq under King Faisal I.
 Usha Meena (born July 1 1949) is an Indian politician and a Member of Parliament elected from the Sawai Madhopur constituency in the Indian state of Rajasthan being a Indian National Congress candidate.
 Ectoedemia digitata is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1983. It is known from South Africa (it was described from Pretoria).
 Katherine Zappone (born 25 November 1953) is a member of the Irish Human Rights Commission and an independent member of Seanad Éireann.Zappone was born in Washington state and educated at Boston College (PhD) The Catholic University of America (MA) and University College Dublin (MBA). She and her wife Ann Louise Gilligan run An Cosán which supports individuals and communities to actively engage in the process of social change through transformative education.
 Fablehaven: Rise of the Evening Star is a fantasy novel written by Brandon Mull. The book was released on May 31 2007. It is the second book in the Fablehaven series. Its sequel is Fablehaven: Grip of the Shadow Plague.
 Not to be confused with Slavonic and East European Review. American Series older title of the Slavic ReviewThe Slavonic and East European Review (not to be confused with Slavonic and East European Review.
 Change Is a Sound is the debut album by the punk rock band Strike Anywhere released in 2001. The album's lyrics explore such themes as women's rights (Chalkline) and police brutality (Sunset on 32nd Street). Track 3 Refusal is also featured on the soundtrack to the skateboarding video game Tony Hawk's Underground.
 Argentina is a genus of herring smelts.
 The Palmer School also known as the District No. 2 Schoolhouse is a historic 19th century one-room schoolhouse at 33 Main Street in Boxford Massachusetts. The simple wood frame building has very minimal Greek Revival styling reflective of its construction date in 1845. The western gable end of the structure has the main door flanked by windows while the long side of the building has seven windows although it previously had only four.
 Virbia epione is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1911. It is found in Peru French Guiana and Costa Rica.
 Oficanthon is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Macroprotodon abubakeri is a species of snake in the Colubridae family. It is one of four species of the Macroprotodon genus. It is found in Algeria Morocco and Spain. Its natural habitat is Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Massa River (Arabic: واد ماسة‎) is a river in southern Morocco located in the Sous region. It originates in the Anti-Atlas and flows northwest ending in the Atlantic Ocean at the Souss-Massa National Park.
 Tell Me Why was Bobby Vinton's eighth studio album released in July 1964. The title track is the album's only single. Cover versions include Somewhere Along the Way When I Lost You Some of These Days Maybe You'll Be There If You Love Me (Really Love Me) and I Wanna Be Loved.
 Al-Irsyad Mosque is a mosque located in Bandung Indonesia. The mosque was built in 2009 and completed in 2010. The mosque is shaped as a cube without a dome. The architect is Urbane Indonesia.
 William Jones (March 20 1624 - October 17 1706) was an English lawyer who emigrated to the United Colonies and became the twenty-fourth Deputy Governor of the Colony of Connecticut.
 Pyhäjärvi (Russian: Пюхяярви) is a lake located mostly in Finland. The southeastern part of the lake is located in Russia.
 Prospect Place also known as Trinway Mansion and Prospect Place Mansion is a 29-room mansion built by abolitionist George Willison Adams (G. W. Adams) in Trinway Ohio just north of Dresden in 1856. Today it is the home of the non-profit G. W. Adams Educational Center Inc. The mansion is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and the Ohio Underground Railroad Association's list of Underground Railroad sites.
 Major General Nuraddin Sadigov Sadig oglu (Azerbaijani: Nurəddin Sadıqov Sadıq oğlu) also known as Nuraddin Sadikhov was the Chief of General Staff of Azerbaijani Armed Forces Deputy Minister of Defense of Azerbaijan Republic and National Advisor on Military Issues.
 Ping Pong (ピンポン Pin Pon) is a manga series by Taiyō Matsumoto about table tennis. It was serialized in Shogakukan's seinen manga magazine Big Comic Spirits from 1996 to 1997 and collected in five tankōbon volumes. It was adapted into a 2002 live-action film. An anime television series adaptation produced by Tatsunoko Production and directed by Masaaki Yuasa is scheduled to air from April 2014 on Fuji TV's noitamina block.
 Gugerdchi (Persian: گوگردچي‎ also Romanized as Gūgerdchī) is a village in Chaman Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 50 families.
 Ochrota nigrolimbata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1965. It is found in Madagascar.
 The Golden Egg (Dutch: Het Gouden Ei) published as The Vanishing in English-speaking countries is a psychological thriller novella written by Dutch author Tim Krabbé first published in 1984. The plot centers on a man whose obsession over the fate of his missing lover from years ago drives him to confront her abductor and pay the ultimate sacrifice in order to know the truth. The book was adapted into a 1988 film which was later remade in an English-language version by the same director.
 Dick's Knob with an elevation of 4620 feet (1408 m) is the third-highest peak in the State of Georgia if using a 200 ft. prominence rule. It is located in Rabun County Georgia and is the second-highest mountain in the county. It is located in the Southern Nantahala Wilderness in the Chattahoochee National Forest.
 Cruel Sister the first album by English folk group Rachel Unthank and the Winterset was launched on 11 May 2005 at Holmfirth Folk Festival.[1] It received support from a number of DJs on BBC Radio 2 and was subsequently awarded Folk Album of the Year by MOJO magazine.
 Armastuse ämblik (Love spider) is a compilation album by Estonian rock musician Urmas Alender coupled with Kohtumine Albertiga. It was previously released with Kohtumine Albertiga on the box set Kohtumine Albertiga.The album is by tracks 7-18 a re-release of Hingelind plus there are various other songs added.
 Live in Paris Seal's first live album was recorded at the famous Olympia Theatre in Paris France. The 2005 release was a two-disc set containing an audio CD as well as a DVD which featured a video registration of the entire concert. Among the songs which were performed that night were Seal's hit singles Killer (originally written and recorded together with Adamski) Crazy and Kiss from a Rose as well as Hey Joe made famous by Jimi Hendrix.
 The Army Nurse is a short documentary propaganda film commissioned by the US military to highlight the role and contributions of army nurses.The film opens with a combat scene in the summer of 1945 when the war becomes a million men old (presumably the Battle of Okinawa) one of the soldiers is show getting wounded and the scene goes woozy.
 The Long Tomorrow is a science fiction novel by Leigh Brackett originally published by Doubleday & Company Inc in 1955. Set in the aftermath of a nuclear war it portrays a world where scientific knowledge is feared and restricted.
 View from the Ground is the tenth original studio album by American folk rock duo America released by Capitol Records in July 1982.This album marked a major comeback for a group that had been generally written off since Dan Peek's departure five years before.
 In Ear Park is the second album by Department of Eagles. It was released by 4AD on October 7 2008. The inspiration for the album is noted to come from Daniel Rossen's childhood experiences most notably memories of those related to his father.
 The Hotaru River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It joins the Olt River downstream of the village of Măieruş.This river should not be confused with the Hotaru River (flowing into the Olt River approximatively 17 miles upstream near the village of Colonia Reconstrucţia) nor with the Hotaru River (flowing into the Olt River approximately 10 miles upstream near the Vadu Roșu railway station) both having an identical name.
 Khoriya is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3132 people living in 572 individual households.
 Hexaplex conatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Sematoptis is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Nagashima (長島) was a series of fortresses and fortifications controlled by the Ikkō-ikki a sect of warrior monks in Japan's Sengoku period who opposed samurai rule. It was attacked and destroyed by Oda Nobunaga in the 1570s.
 Palmetto Health Baptist Columbia (Formerly Baptist Medical Center) is a 489-bed acute-care facility located at the intersection of Taylor and Marion Streets in Downtown Columbia South Carolina. The hospital was established in 1914 as South Carolina Baptist Hospital by the South Carolina Baptist Convention after the widow of Dr. Augustus B.
 Daddikamalapur is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Sefid Dali (Persian: سفيددالي‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Dālī; also known as Sefīd Ālū and Sefīd Golī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 A Man (1979) (Italian: Un Uomo) (Greek: Ένας Άνδρας transliteration: Enas Andras) is a novel written by Oriana Fallaci chronicling her relationship with the attempted assassin of Greek dictator George Papadopoulos.
 Hemnypia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 General Education is a 2012 comedy film directed by Tom Morris starring Chris Sheffield Maiara Walsh Elaine Hendrix Bobby Campo Janeane Garofalo and Larry Miller and produced by Pelican House Productions. The film was shot in Chico and Gridley California.
 Something Wicked This Way Comes is a 1983 Disney horror fantasy film directed by Jack Clayton from a screenplay written by Ray Bradbury based on his novel of the same name. The film stars Jason Robards Jonathan Pryce Diane Ladd and Pam Grier. It was shot in Vermont and at the Walt Disney Studios.
 Samuel John Gurney Hoare 1st Viscount Templewood GCSI GBE CMG PC OWL (24 February 1880 – 7 May 1959) more commonly known as Sir Samuel Hoare was a senior British Conservative politician who served in various Cabinet posts in the Conservative and National governments of the 1920s and 1930s. He was Secretary of State for Air during most of the 1920s and briefly again in 1940.
 Wólka Rokicka [ˈvulka rɔˈkit͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Lubartów and 19 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 This article is about the 1978 album Quiet Riot. For the 1988 album Quiet Riot see Quiet Riot (1988 album).Quiet Riot is the debut studio album by the band of the same name released in 1978. It features guitarist Randy Rhoads and was released only in Japan.The song Back to the Coast was originally written by Rhoads and his brother Kelle when they were teenagers. It was originally called West Coast Tryouts.
 Jacques Léon Rueff (23 August 1896 – 23 April 1978) was a French economist and adviser to the French Government.An influential French conservative and free market thinker Rueff was born the son of a well known Parisian physician and studied economics and mathematics at the École Polytechnique. An important economic advisor to French President Charles de Gaulle Rueff was also a major figure in the management of the French economy during the Great Depression.
 Simplicity Two Thousand is an album by Afterlife released in 2000 (see 2000 in music).
 Ballot Result is a posthumous live compilation album by Minutemen.The story of Ballot Result starts with the Tour-Spiel EP in 1984. Minutemen had been given a copy of a tape of a live radio performance for the Virgin Vinyl Show they had done in Tucson Arizona four songs of which they used for the EP. The engineer of that particular session later claimed that Minutemen had not got his permission to use the recording and reacted by releasing a bootleg album ...Just a Minute Men.
 Blatuša is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D6 highway.
 Antiviral Chemistry & Chemotherapy is a peer-reviewed academic journal published bimonthly by International Medical Press. It was established in January 1990 and published by Blackwell Publishing until 1997. The editor-in-chief is Hugh J. Field (University of Cambridge). The journal covers research on all aspects of the preclinical development of antiviral drugs including their chemical synthesis biochemistry pharmacology mode of action and virology as well as studies in animal models.
 Kalyana Agathigal is a 1985 Tamil language drama film directed by K. Balachander. The film features Saritha in lead role. The film was released on April 12 1985.
 Once is a 2007 Irish musical film written and directed by John Carney. Set in Dublin Ireland the naturalistic drama stars musicians Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová. Collaborators prior to making the film performing under the stage moniker The Swell Season Hansard and Irglová composed and performed all of the original songs in the film.Shot for only €130000 (US$160000) the film was successful earning substantial per-screen box office averages in the United States.
 Lovelace is a 2013 American biographical drama film about Linda Boreman better known as Linda Lovelace. It covers the part of her life when she was 20 to 32. Directed by Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman the film was written by Andy Bellin and stars Amanda Seyfried Peter Sarsgaard Sharon Stone Adam Brody and Juno Temple. The film had its world premiere on January 22 2013 at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival and opened in a U.S. limited release on August 9 2013.
 Baker Street is a compilation album released in 1999 by Gerry Rafferty. It features 16 of his best hits from 1978 to 1988.
 ALARM Magazine is an American quarterly magazine based in Chicago Illinois that publishes Music and Art Beyond Comparison. It covers emerging and mid-career musicians and artists with a focus on independent underground or otherwise non-mainstream music and art. It also covers fashion film toys and electronic media to a lesser extent.Editor/publisher Chris Force founded the magazine in 1995 in Connecticut. The magazine then moved to Boston Massachusetts.
 Fidelity is the Enemy is a 2001 studio album by pop singer-songwriter Jim Boggia. A track from the album Several Thousand was featured in the ABC television show Men in Trees. The song was also recorded by American Idol contestant Constantine Maroulis for his debut album.
 Methodist Episcopal Church South (Prestonsburg First United Methodist Church; FD-6) is a historic Methodist church building on S. Arnold Avenue between Ford Street and W. Graham Street in Prestonsburg Kentucky.It was built in 1917 in a Late Gothic Revival style. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Welcome or No Trespassing (Russian: Добро пожаловать или Посторонним вход воспрещён; translit. Dobro pozhalovat ili Postoronnim vkhod vospreshchyon) is a Soviet movie by Elem Klimov made in 1964. It is a satirical comedy about the excessive restrictions that children face during their vacation in a Young Pioneer camp imposed by their masters. Most of actors are children while the main protagonist is the director Dynin played by Yevgeniy Yevstigneyev.
 Explore Evolution: The Arguments For and Against Neo-Darwinism is a controversial biology textbook written by a group of intelligent design supporters and published in 2007.
 The Țiganu River is a tributary of the Ciocadia River in Romania.
 A Voice Through a Cloud is an autobiographical novel by Denton Welch who became a writer after a serious accident which had long-term effects on his health. The book describes his bicycle accident when he was an art student and subsequent experiences in hospitals wards and a nursing home. The book was almost complete when the writer died in December 1948 aged 33.Denton Welch was anxious to complete the novel when his health precarious since his accident was worsening.
 The Last Chase is a 1981 dystopian science fiction film starring Lee Majors Burgess Meredith and Chris Makepeace and directed by Martyn Burke. It was produced by Argosy Films.
 Dr. Zoltán Illés (born 17 January 1961) is a Hungarian chemical engineer and politician from Vojvodina Serbia member of the National Assembly of Hungary (MP) for Terézváros 6th District of Budapest (Budapest Constituency VIII) since 2010. He also represented Terézváros between 1998 and 2002. He secured a seat from Fidesz National List in the 2002 Hungarian parliamentary election.He served as Chairman of the Committee on the Environment from 25 June 1998 to 14 May 2002.
 The Surprise of a Knight is a gay hardcore pornographic film from the United States. Released probably in 1929 it is notable for being the earliest known American pornographic film to depict exclusively homosexual intercourse.
 Eresina bergeri is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Lualaba) Uganda north-western Tanzania and possibly the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of dense primary forests.
 Reuben Robie House is a historic home located at Bath in Steuben County New York. It was built by Reuben Robie in 1847 and is a 2-story center-hall Greek Revival–style brick dwelling. The small flat-roofed entrance portico supported by Doric columns was added about 1900. Also on the property is a 1 1⁄2-story board-and-batten carriage house and a toolshed. It was home to Congressman Reuben Robie (1799–1872).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Love Me Deadly is a 1973 film starring Mary Charlotte Wilcox Lyle Waggoner and Christopher Stone.
 Carol A. Roessler (born January 16 1948) was Wisconsin Department of Revenue's Administrator of State and Local Finance appointed by Gov. Jim Doyle in July 2008. She served until early 2011. She was previously a Republican member of the Wisconsin Senate representing the 18th District since a special election in April 1987. Her last official day in office was July 4 ending her career in the annual Oshkosh and Omro parades.
 Schines Auburn Theatre is a historic theatre building located at 12-14 South Street between Genesee and Lincoln Streets in Auburn New York. It is owned by the Cayuga County Arts Council. It is an outstanding example of the later Art Deco style of architecture in the Streamline Moderne vein designed by the noted theatre architect John Eberson.
 Downtown Battle Mountain II is the fourth studio album by American post-hardcore band Dance Gavin Dance released on March 8 2011.The album is not a direct continuation of the band's first album Downtown Battle Mountain but features the same line-up that recorded the first album as original members Jonny Craig Jonathan Mess and Eric Lodge all rejoined the band in 2010 (Sean O'Sullivan participated in a small string of reunion shows but did not appear on the album; he did however contribute to writing at least one song.) It was produced by Kris Crummett who produced the band's previous albums. 
 Knut Vollebæk (born 11 February 1946 in Oslo) is a Norwegian diplomat and centrist politician (Norwegian Christian Democratic Party). He is currently a member of the International Commission on Missing Persons Board of Commissioners and heads a government commission investigating the situation of Norwegian Travellers.
 Konywa is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 The Auburn Masonic Temple also known as the Auburn Masonic Hall and the John H. Robinson Memorial Masonic Temple is an historic two-story Masonic building located at 948 Lincoln Way on the Central Square in Auburn California. In 1913 Eureka Lodge No. 16 Free and Accepted Masons chartered in 1851 bought two adjoining one-story redbrick commercial buildings on this site for $17000 and commissioned architect Allen D.
 Frank Elliott Barnett (born July 20 1933) was the 49th Governor of American Samoa from October 1 1976 to May 27 1977. Before becoming governor he was a Federal Bureau of Investigation agent and a Tennessee attorney. He served as Lieutenant Governor of American Samoa for two years prior to his governorship. While governor a number of Samoans signed a petition accusing him of abusing local officials; others signed a counter-petition supporting him and the charges were eventually dropped.
 I'll Be The Devil is a play by Leo Butler that was commissioned by the Royal Shakespeare Company and written in response to The Tempest by William Shakespeare for the Complete Works Festival. It was staged for the first time at the Tricycle Theatre 2008 directed by Ramin Gray.
 Pier 57 is a long pier built on floating concrete caissons in the Hudson River in Manhattan New York City. Built in 1952 it is located near the end of 15th Street on the West Side Highway just south of the Chelsea Piers sports complex.
 Leptotrachelon nevermanni is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Leptotrachelon.
 Richard Schultz Schweiker (born June 1 1926) is a former American politician. A member of the Republican Party he served as the 14th U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services under President Ronald Reagan from 1981 to 1983. He previously served as a U.S. Representative (1961–1969) and a U.S. Senator (1969–1981) from Pennsylvania.
 Caño Guanaparo also known as the Guanare Viejo River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Donald R. Don Cravins Jr. is a Democratic politician from the State of Louisiana.In the 2008 elections Cravins unsuccessfully ran as the Democratic candidate for Louisiana's 7th congressional district seat held by Republican U.S. Representative Charles Boustany Jr. In addition to Boustany Cravins also faced Constitution Party candidate Peter Vidrine.
 Anne of the Thousand Days is a 1969 British costume drama made by Hal Wallis Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures. It was directed by Charles Jarrott and produced by Hal B. Wallis. The film tells the story of Anne Boleyn.
 The Time Ships is a 1995 science fiction novel by Stephen Baxter. A sequel to The Time Machine by H. G. Wells it was officially authorised by the Wells estate to mark the centenary of the original's publication. It won the John W. Campbell Memorial Award and the Philip K. Dick Award in 1996 as well as the British Science Fiction Association Award in 1995. It was also nominated for the Hugo Clarke and Locus Awards in 1996.
 Mad Max 2 (also known as The Road Warrior and Mad Max 2: The Road Warrior) is a 1981 Australian post-apocalyptic action film directed by George Miller. The film is the second installment in the Mad Max film series with Mel Gibson starring as Max Rockatansky.
 Marzenin [maˈʐɛnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 The Suspended Vocation (French: La vocation suspendue) is a 1978 French drama film directed by Raúl Ruiz. It is an adaptation of the 1950 novel of the same name by Pierre Klossowski.
 Claretta is a 1984 Italian historical drama film directed and written by Pasquale Squitieri.The film entered the competition at the 41° Venice International Film Festival. For her role of Claretta Petacci Claudia Cardinale was awarded with a Nastro d'Argento for Best Actress.
 Sir David Lewis Macpherson KCMG PC (September 12 1818 – August 16 1896) was a Canadian businessman and political figure. He was a member of the Senate of Canada from 1867 to 1896. He was knighted for his service to the country in 1884.He was born in Castle Leathers in Inverness parish Scotland in 1818 and came to Canada with his family in 1835.
 Robinson in Ruins is a 2010 British documentary film by Patrick Keiller and narrated by Vanessa Redgrave. It is a sequel to Keiller's previous films London (1994) and Robinson in Space (1997). It documents the journey of the fictional titular character around the south of England. It premiered at the 67th Venice International Film Festival in September 2010.
 Tharuvaikulam is a Village in Thoothukudi District of Tamil Nadu South India. There are about 3000 mostly Catholic families living there. It boasts of some of the best Prawn hatcheries and Salt Pans in Tamil Nadu. It falls under the Roman Catholic Diocese of Thoothukudi and the feast of St.Michael is a popular religious festival.
 Up in the World is a 1956 comedy film starring Norman Wisdom Maureen Swanson and Jerry Desmonde directed by John Paddy Carstairs and made by Rank.Norman gets a job as a window cleaner in a stately home where an obnoxious boy has an extremely over-protective mother.
 The Rev. Samuel Gay House is a historic house at 10 Williamsville Road in Hubbardston Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1817 for Reverend Samuel Gay a controversial local minister. The house is a fine local example of Federal style architecture particularly noted for its front door surround which has pilasters and a semicircular fanlight topped by an entablature.
 Disastro is an album of the English singer-songwriter Sonny J.It was released 16 June 2008 in United Kingdom 19 August the same year in the US and was later also available on iTunes the 15th of September. The singles from the album are Can't Stop Moving (which was later re-released as a remix by Mirwais and then reached #40 in UK #8 in Japan) Enfant Terrible and Handsfree (which reached #77 in the UK Singles Chart).
 11Live: Jars of Clay in Concert is a concert video DVD recorded and released by Jars of Clay's tour in support of their studio album The Eleventh Hour. The audio version of the tracks from the concert DVD appear on disc two of Furthermore: From the Studio From the Stage with the exception of Love Song for a Savior Unforgetful You The Edge of Water and Collide while the songs This Road and The Eleventh Hour are both omitted from this DVD release.
 De México llegó el amor (English: From Mexico came the love) is a 1940 Argentine black-and-white film directed by Richard Harlan and written by Ariel Cortazzo and Conrado de Keller. It premiered on July 16 1940.
 The Bank of America Building is a highrise located in downtown Midland Texas. Built in 1978 at 24 stories and 332 feet (101 m) it is the tallest building in the city. The building is located at 303 W. Wall St. and houses various oil and gas companies as well as Bank of America Midland.
 Kurozwęki [kurɔˈzvɛnki] is a village in the district of Gmina Staszów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies on the Czarna Staszowska river in the historic province of Lesser Poland approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Staszów and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village's history dates back to the 13th century. It had city rights from before 1400 to 1870.
 March on Electric Children is the second studio album by the American post-hardcore band The Blood Brothers released in February 2002. This album is a self-described short story set to music.[3] Produced by Matt Bayles the album was recorded in one week [4] on a $3000 budget [5] and has been described by singer Jordan Blilie as crazier and more complex than the band's previous effort This Adultery Is Ripe[6].
 The Stalk is a 1994 science fiction novel by Chris Morris and Janet Morris. It is the third book of their Threshold trilogy.
 Sorceress is a 1982 film directed by Jack Hill. It stars Leigh Harris and Lynette Harris.To maintain his powers the evil wizard Traigon must sacrifice his firstborn child to the god Caligara. His wife however has other ideas and runs away after giving birth with her twin daughters. Before dying she hands the girls over to the warrior Krona who promises to raise them as great soldiers. Twenty years later Traigon returns and begins hunting down his daughters once again.
 Garjanai is a 1981 Tamil film is directed by C. V. Rajendran. It has Madhavi as Rajini's love interest and Geetha as his sister. Music was scored by Ilaiyaraaja. The film was first made in Malayalam with superstar Jayan. After his death during the filming of Kolilakkam the film was re-shot with Rajinikanth; simultaneously in Malayalam and Tamil owing to Rajin's huge fan base in South India. The movie did not fare well at the box office and was a failure.
 Wareham Nunnery was a Benedictine nunnery in Dorset England.
 Murray's Revenge is the second collaboration album from California rapper Murs (of Living Legends) and North Carolina producer 9th Wonder (formerly of Little Brother). Like their first collaboration Murs 3:16: The 9th Edition the album features ten songs all produced by 9th Wonder and is less than 40 minutes long. This effort was Murs' most commercially successful release being his first to break into the Billboard 200 album chart.
 Kitty Norville is the main character of a series of novels by Carrie Vaughn. She is a werewolf who hosts a popular syndicated radio phone-in show based in Denver called The Midnight Hour. The program focuses on supernatural issues.
 St. Rose Priory is a house of the Dominican Order located near Springfield Kentucky. It is the first foundation of that Order in the United States and the first Catholic educational institution west of the Allegheny Mountains.The land for the priory was purchased by (then) Father Edward Dominic Fenwick O.P. (later Bishop of Cincinnati) in July 1806 with money received from an inheritance. He bought an existing farm west of Springfield Kentucky.
 The Pigeon That Took Rome is a 1962 film directed and written by Melville Shavelson and starring Charlton Heston. The film was based upon the novel The Easter Dinner written by Donald Downes.
 The Deep Six is a 1958 Warner Bros. World War II drama film directed by Rudolph Maté loosely based on a novel of the same name by Martin Dibner. The story depicts the conflicts of a naval officer in combat with his shipmates and conscience over values instilled in him by his Quaker upbringing. The film stars Alan Ladd who co-produced it William Bendix Dianne Foster Keenan Wynn James Whitmore and Efrem Zimbalist Jr.. It also marked the film debut of Joey Bishop.
 Lake of the Lone Indian is a small lake in the eastern Sierra Nevada near the John Muir Trail and Pacific Crest Trail in John Muir Wilderness. The outflow of Lake of the Lone Indian becomes Fish Creek which eventually joins the Middle Fork of the San Joaquin River.
 Australian at heart international in mindset RUSSH is a bi-monthly independent Australian fashion magazine established in September 2004. Showcasing innovators in fashion art music and film through originally produced editorial and photography RUSSH reflects an intelligent approach to fashion and beauty. RUSSH is aspirational yet accessible incorporating elements of luxury and the street to create its own unique and eclectic character.
 Sheikh Anwarul Haq (Urdu: شیخ انوار الحق‎‎ ; 11 May 1917 – 3 March 1995) was a former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan (23 September 1977 – 25 March 1981).
 The Lespezi River is a tributary of the Sas River in Romania.
 This Bridge Called My Back: Writings by Radical Women of Color is a feminist anthology edited by Cherríe Moraga and Gloria E. Anzaldúa. The anthology was first published in 1981 by Persephone Press and the second edition was published in 1984 by Kitchen Table: Women of Color Press. The book was out in its third edition published by Third Woman Press until 2008 when its contract with Third Woman Press expired and it went out of print.
 The Story of the Amulet is a novel for children written in 1906 by English author Edith Nesbit.It is the final part of a trilogy of novels that also includes Five Children and It (1902) and The Phoenix and the Carpet (1904). In it the children re-encounter the Psammead—the it in Five Children and It.
 Kleine Weisach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Abrizak (Persian: ابريزك‎ also Romanized as Ābrīzaḵ) is a village in Margha Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Maurice Gourdault-Montagne CMG CVO (born on 16 November 1953) is a career diplomat and the current French Ambassador to Germany.
 Symphony in Effect is the debut album of Canadian rapper Maestro Fresh-Wes released in 1989 on Attic/LMR Records. In Canada the album nearly went double platinum and remains one of the best-selling Canadian hip hop albums of all time. The first single Let Your Backbone Slide became the first hit single in Canadian hip hop history appearing on Billboard's Hot Rap Singles chart. A second single Drop the Needle was released in 1990.
 Houston We've Got a Problem is a 1974 television film about the Apollo 13 spaceflight directed by Lawrence Doheny and starring Ed Nelson in the role of NASA Flight Director Gene Kranz.
 Engine House No. 34 is a historic fire station at 444 Western Avenue in Boston Massachusetts.The engine house was designed in 1887 by Charles Bateman and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Hertali is a fissure vent in Ethiopia. The fissure vent was believed to have been active through the late Pleistocene to Holocene.
 The Thornton W. Burgess House is a historic house at 789 Main Street in Hampden Massachusetts. The simple Cape style house is one of the oldest in Hampden (built between 1780 and 1784) and is noted as the longtime home of children's author Thornton Burgess. The property is now owned by the Massachusetts Audubon Society which uses it for staff housing. It is adjacent to the Society's Laughing Brook Wildlife Sanctuary.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 A Few Miles from Memphis is the debut album by pianist Harold Mabern which was recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.
 Hyouge Mono (Japanese: へうげもの Hepburn: Hyōge Mono lit. Jocular Fellow) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yoshihiro Yamada. It won an Excellence prize for manga at the 13th Japan Media Arts Festival and the Grand Prize at the 2010 Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize. It was adapted into an anime series in 2011. The official website was updated to reflect the change.
 Letters from the Earth is one of Mark Twain's posthumously published works. The essays were written during a difficult time in Twain's life; he was deep in debt and had lost his wife and one of his daughters. The content concerns morality and religion and strikes a sarcastic (Twain's term throughout the book) tone.
 Pranhita (Marathi: प्राणहिता Telugu: ప్రాణహిత) is the River which flows on the border of Gadchiroli district in Maharashtra and Adilabad district in Andhra Pradesh. Pranhita is the name given to the combined flow of the rivers Wardha and Wainganga.The Wardha River joins Wainganga near Kouthala and forms the Pranhita. The river then flows up to Sironcha before it empties into the Godavari Rivernear Sironcha in Maharashtra.
 Murder Metal is an album by Macabre released in 2003.
 The Žeimena River is a river in Aukštaitija eastern Lithuania and right tributary of Neris River. Žeimena begins in Labanoras Forest and at Lake Žeimenys. Žeimena flows to the south passing Kaltanėnai town Švenčionėliai city and Pabradė city. Its confluence with Neris is located near the border of Švenčionys and Vilnius districts. The main tributaries of Žeimena are Lakaja Saria Mera Kiauna Luknelė and Jusinė.Žeimena is one of the cleanest rivers in Lithuania.
 S.O.S. Mulheres ao Mar is a 2014 Brazilian comedy film directed by Cris D'Amato starring Giovanna Antonelli Reynaldo Gianecchini Fabíula Nascimento Thalita Carauta Marcelo Airoldi and Emanuelle Araújo.The film follows the story of Adriana which disappointed with the end of her marriage decides to win back her ex-husband embarking on the same cruise that he is with his new girlfriend a soap opera star. The film was shot almost entirely on an ocean liner but also had scenes shot in Venice.
 The Wind Is My Lover (Swedish title: Singoalla) is a novel by Swedish author Viktor Rydberg. The novel was first published in the calendar Aurora in 1857 with the subtitle Romantic fairytale poem (Romantisk sagodikt). In 1865 the novel was first published as a book but with a reworked happy ending.The novel was adapted as a film as Singoalla in 1949 and also as an opera by Gunnar de Frumerie.
 The Wooden Church (Romanian: Biserica de lemn din Zalnoc) is a church in Zalnoc Romania built in the 18th century.
 Ape is a 2012 American independent film written and directed by Joel Potrykus starring Joshua Burge as Trevor Newandyke.A black comedy and rage fantasy the film follows failing stand-up comic Trevor as he suffers one humiliation after another both on stage and off. His only outlet is a secret pyromania on display at home and in public. His anger hits the streets after making a deal with a man dressed as the Devil.
 Le infedeli is a 1953 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli and Steno and starring Gina Lollobrigida.
 Nambuna River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Hajimari no Uta (ハジマリノウタ First Song) is the fourth studio album by Ikimono-gakari released in Japan on December 23 2009. A limited edition version included a bonus DVD with footage from their concert Ikimono Gakari no Minasan Konni Tour!! 2009 - My song Your song - performance on May 25 2009 at Shibuya C.C. Lemon Hall plus special booklet and ikimono card 017.
 Holy Fuck is the 2005 eponymous debut release from Canadian electronica band Holy Fuck. Tracks 1 & 5 were recorded 9 November 2004 by Laurence Currie at Idea of East Halifax Nova Scotia. The remainder of the album was recorded 21 January 2005 by Dave Newfeld at Stars & Suns Toronto Ontario. All the tracks were mixed by Laurence Currie.
 Teratauxta is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Mungo River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. The major source of the Hokitika River it flows generally west from the Southern Alps becoming the Hokitika River at the point where it turns north as it flows through a gap in the Diedrich Range. The Hokitika Saddle separates the headwaters of the Mungo from those of the Rakaia River system which flows to the island's east coast.
 Legionnaires 3 is a four-issue comic book limited series published by DC Comics in 1986 the second limited series to feature the Legion of Super-Heroes. It was written by Keith Giffen and Mindy Newell pencilled by Ernie Colón and inked by Karl Kesel. The series pits the Legion's three founders against one of their deadliest enemies the Time Trapper.
 The Topenița River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Tense is the seventh Korean studio album (thirteenth overall) by South Korean pop duo TVXQ. It was released on January 6 2014 by S.M. Entertainment. The record was promoted as a commemorative album for the duo's tenth debut anniversary which fell on December 26 2013. Tense consists of modern R&B and pop songs with components of neo soul. Its lead single Something also has elements of swing jazz with big band arrangements.
 Harry Arista Mackey (June 26 1869 – October 17 1938) was an American football player and coach lawyer and politician. He served as the Mayor of Philadelphia from 1928 to 1931.Born in Susquehanna Pennsylvania and a native of Bangor Pennsylvania Mackey was educated at the Scranton High School Keystone Academy Lafayette College and the University of Pennsylvania Law School. He played football and baseball at Lafayette where he captained both squads during the 1889–90 academic year.
 Sag Kash Durak (Persian: سگ كش دورك‎ also Romanized as Sag Kash Dūraḵ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 12 families.
 The Apele Albe River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Aadmi is a 1968 Hindi drama film produced by P. S Veerappa and directed by A Bhimsingh. The film stars Dilip Kumar Waheeda Rehman Manoj Kumar Simi Garewal and Pran. The film's music is by Naushad. The film is a remake of the Tamil film Aalayamani starring Sivaji Ganesan. Besides being noted Dilip Kumar's acting as man on wheel chair the film is also known for its dialogues by Akhtar ul Iman and trick work cinematography by Faredoon A. Irani. It was a moderate success at the box office.
 The Grey Fantail (Rhipidura albiscapa) is a small insectivorous bird. A common fantail found in Australia (except western desert areas) New Guinea the Solomon Islands Vanuatu and New Caledonia. The species is considered by many to conspecific with (the same as) the New Zealand Fantail (Rhipidura fuliginosa) however due to differences in its calls some authorities now treat it as a separate species.
 Pictures from the Water Trade: An Englishman in Japan (1985) — published in the US as Pictures from the Water Trade: Adventures of a Westerner in Japan — is a novel by John David Morley a cultural investigation of Japan in the 1970s.
 Saul Polo is a Canadian politician in Quebec who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2014 election. He represents the electoral district of Laval-des-Rapides as a member of the Quebec Liberal Party. He has also served as president of the party since 2012.Originally from Colombia Polo was a cofounder of the Chambre de commerce latino-américaine du Québec an organization devoted to the economic development of the Hispanic and Latino Canadian community in Quebec.
 If Death Ever Slept is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1957 and collected in the omnibus volume Three Trumps (Viking 1973).
 Stille Musel is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Bamboo Poison Frog (Ranitomeya biolat) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Peru commonly in habitats with bamboo.
 The Fly Cop is a 1917 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Frida is the 1971 debut album by Anni-Frid Lyngstad consisting of Lyngstad's very personal and jazzy cover versions of English or American songs. By the time of the album's release Lyngstad had been signed to EMI/Columbia for four years. Frida recorded in late 1970/early 1971 produced by her then fiancé Benny Andersson and Bengt Palmers (Blue Swede Harpo) was to be her first full-length studio album for EMI.
 Borrekens Castle known also as Vorselaar Castle or Kasteel de Borrekens is a castle within the municipality of Vorselaar in the Belgian province of Antwerp. See also http://www.castles.nl/eur/be/bor/bor.html
 Rambler is an album by Hungarian guitarist Gábor Szabó featuring performances recorded in 1973 and released on the CTI label.
 Jonathan Courtney (born July 16 1966) is an American politician from Maine. Courtney served as a Republican State Senator from Maine's 3rd District representing part of York County including Sanford and his home in Springvale. He was first elected in 2002 to the Maine House of Representatives and served one term. He was elected to the Maine Senate in 2004 was unable to run for re-election due to term limits in 2012. He is the Republican Party's Majority Leader in the State Senate.
 Tall Nader (Persian: تل نادر‎ also Romanized as Tall Nāder) is a village in Dasht-e Barm Rural District Kuhmareh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 21 families.
 The Lappach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 The Last of Tha Pound is the second compilation album by rap group Tha Dogg Pound. It was released on April 27 2004 through Gangsta Advisory Records.
 Val L. Peterson is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives representing District 59 since January 1 2011. Val L. Peterson represents District 59 (Orem UT) and lives there with his wife Ann. He currently serves as Vice President of Administration and Legislative Affairs and Utah Valley University.
 The Vassar Institute building is located at Main and Vassar streets in Poughkeepsie New York United States across from the architecturally similar Vassar Home for Aged Men. It is a late-19th century building combining the Italianate Victorian Gothic and Second Empire architectural styles.It was established by Matthew Vassar's nephews on the site of the brewery which established the family fortune.
 The Star Trek Concordance is a reference book by Bjo Trimble about the television series Star Trek. It contains summaries from every episode of The Original Series and The Animated Series as well as an encyclopedia of characters and technology from the series. It was used as a reference for later writers of the show.
 Child of Fortune is a 1985 science fiction novel by the American author Norman Spinrad. Like his previous book The Void Captain's Tale Child of Fortune takes place three or four thousand years in the future in a fictional universe called the Second Starfaring Age. It is a coming of age story about a young girl's wanderjahr a rite of passage that all adolescents in the Second Starfaring Age are expected to undertake before they become adults.
 John Allison Raymond Hyatt (28 July 1893 – 29 March 1969) was an Australian politician.Born in Blakeville to sawmiller Harry Hyatt and Elizabeth Dalton he attended Blakeville State School and became a sawmiller and timber contractor. He served in the Australian Imperial Force's 14th Battalion in Egypt and France during World War I; on 22 December 1917 he married Elizabeth Stratton with whom he had four children.
 Vrooom is a mini-album by the band King Crimson released in 1994 a companion to the subsequent album Thrak (1995).All of the tracks on Vrooom (with the exception of Cage and When I Say Stop Continue) reappeared on Thrak as different recordings. The Thrak versions were mixed in a way which more clearly separates the individual parts played by band members while the Vrooom versions are recorded in more of a naturalistic way.
 Kibisy [kiˈbisɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Prostki 17 km (11 mi) south of Ełk and 121 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Elsoff is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Into Thin Air: Death on Everest is a made-for-TV movie based on the book Into Thin Air by Jon Krakauer. The film is directed by Robert Markowitz and written by Robert J. Avrech. The film tells the story of the 1996 Mount Everest disaster. It was released on November 9 1997.
 American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot is a memoir written by entertainer Craig Ferguson.The book details various experiences over several decades in Ferguson's life from his days in Scotland through his migration to the United States; the rise of his performing career in the United Kingdom then Hollywood and eventual acquisition of US citizenship in early 2008.
 The DeWint House or De Wint House at Tappan New York is one of the oldest surviving structures in Rockland County New York and is an outstanding example of Hudson Valley Colonial Dutch architecture. It was built using indigenous sandstone in 1700 by Daniel DeClark a Hollander who emigrated to America in 1676. The date is marked in glazed bricks along the façade.In 1746 West Indies planter Patriot Johannes DeWint bought the house.
 First Presbyterian Church is located in Muscatine Iowa United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Young Tree (若い樹 Wakai ki) is a 1956 Japanese film directed by Ishirō Honda.
 Friedrich Hildebrandt (19 September 1898 Parchim Mecklenburg-Schwerin – 5 November 1948 Landsberg am Lech) was an SS Obergruppenführer a Gauleiter and judged for war crimes in the time of the Third Reich.He entered service in the German Army on 19 April 1916 as a Kriegsfreiwilliger and subsequently assigned to Reserve-Infanterie-Regiment 24 on the Western Front. He was severely gassed in Flanders in 1917 and was wounded twice before the end of the war.
 The Lincoln American Tower is a 22-story building located at the corner of North Main and Court streets in Memphis Tennessee. It is also a historical landmark one of the first steel frame skyscrapers built in Memphis.
 Death with Interruptions published in Britain as Death at Intervals (Portuguese: As Intermitências da Morte) is a novel written by José Saramago. First released in 2005 in its original Portuguese the novel was subsequently translated by Margaret Jull Costa in 2008.
 Organ Needle is the highest point of the Organ Mountains in the south-central part of the U.S. state of New Mexico. It lies in Doña Ana County 13 miles (20921 m) east-northeast of Las Cruces and 4 miles (6 km) southwest of White Sands headquarters of the White Sands Missile Range. It is at the southeast end of a narrow ridge of vertically jointed granite (more specifically quartz monzonite) called The Needles. Organ Needle is one of the most dramatic peaks in the state.
 Samuel Prioleau was the twenty-sixth mayor of Charleston South Carolina serving from 1824 to 1825.In 1820 Prioleau was elected to serve as a representative in the South Carolina House of Representatives for Charleston. He was well suited for service on the Judiciary Committee given his legal training. In 1825 he was made Recorder of the City by the City Council of Charleston.
 Apicalia is a genus of medium-sized sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
 Burned is the seventh volume of the House of Night fantasy series written by P.C. Cast and Kristin Cast.Zoey's soul has shattered and while her friends search through Kramisha's prophetic poems to bring her back Stevie Rae has to step in her shoes and hold the House of Night together while dealing with her own secrets.
 Live in Orlando (in Portuguese: Ao Vivo em Orlando) is the second video album by Trazendo a Arca. It was recorded in Orlando USA in 2011.
 Me and the Colonel is a 1958 film based on the play Jacobowsky und der Oberst by Franz Werfel. It was directed by Peter Glenville and stars Danny Kaye Curt Jürgens and Nicole Maurey.Kaye won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his portrayal.
 Ephraim M. Wright was a Connecticut and Massachusetts teacher clergyman and politician who served as 12th Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth from 1853–1856.
 Ganapur is a town in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3775 and had 735 houses in the town.
 Here I Go Again is the title of the third EP by The Hollies. It was put out by Parlophone in mono with the catalogue number GEP 8915 and released in the UK in October 1964. All songs on this EP were previously released by the Hollies at the time. Side A consisted of covers of R&B songs tracks from the band's debut album Stay with the Hollies while the B-side contained both sides of the Here I Go Again single from May 1964.
 Live at the Town Crier is a live recording of Gandalf Murphy and the Slambovian Circus of Dreams' August 25 2000 show at the Towne Crier Cafe in Pawling New York. This is a two disc album which contains the songs from the show and some of the introductions. This album is currently out of print but is available through iTunes.
 Laura Chinchilla Miranda (born 28 March 1959; Spanish pronunciation: [ˈlawɾa tʃinˈtʃiʎa miˈɾanda]) is a Costa Rican politician and the first female President of Costa Rica. She was one of Óscar Arias Sánchez's two Vice-Presidents and his administration's Minister of Justice. She was the governing PLN candidate for President in the 2010 general election where she won with 46.76% of the vote.
 The Perennial Philosophy is a comparative study of mysticism by British novelist Aldous Huxley. Its title derives from the theological tradition of the philosophia perennis.
 Pukaqucha (Quechua puca red qucha lake red lake hispanicized spelling Pucaccocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region Lucanas Province Puquio District. It is situated at a height of about 4406 metres (14455 ft). Pukaqucha lies southeast of the lakes Yawriwiri Urqunqucha Sawaqucha and Apiñaqucha south of the lake Islaqucha and west of the lake Tipiqucha.
 Cheap at Half the Price is a 1983 solo album by English guitarist composer and improviser Fred Frith. It was Frith's fifth solo album and was originally released in the United States on LP record on The Residents' Ralph record label. It was the third of three solo albums Frith made for the label.Cheap at Half the Price was recorded by Frith at his home in New York City on a 4-track machine.
 1 Spinningfields (formerly 1 Hardman Square) is a proposed 90m office tower which would be located in the Spinningfields district of Manchester city centre Manchester in the United Kingdom.The development was previously known as 1 Hardman Square which was a 140 metre skyscraper but was cancelled in 2009. The development was revived in 2014 with a 90 metre office tower.
 Us and Our Education is a 2009 documentary film written and produced by Eve Jones and directed by Chris Burns. It explores learning disabilities within school and through to the work place by centering on weekly workshops that were to be used as the basis to a theatre performance by several day centers in Worcestershire.
 Abdiyeh (Persian: عبديه‎ also Romanized as ʿAbdīyeh) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Charles Victor Crosnier de Varigny (1829–1899) was a French adventurer diplomat translator and writer.He was born November 25 1829 in Versailles.He was educated at Lycée Bourbon. He came with his father to the California Gold Rush. He married Louise Constantin (1827–1894) August 14 1852 in San Francisco and worked for a French language newspaper L'echo du Pacifique founded by Étienne Derbec.He and his family arrived on the Restless from San Francisco February 18 1855 in Honolulu.
 Juxtarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae endemic for Himalayas. It contains one species: Juxtarctia multiguttata (F. Walker 1855).
 Koha Jonë (English: Our Time) is a newspaper published in Albania and published in Albanian. Koha Jonë is a politically unaffiliated daily newspaper published in Tirana. Reportedly it writes from a right-wing bias and the newspaper has a critical attitude towards daily events in Albania. Koha Jonë had a nationwide daily circulation of approximately 7833 copies in 2002 and is available online.
 The Chinaman Pacific and Frisco R.R. Co. is a 1988 short-story collection by Frank Chin that collects many of the short stories he had published in the 1970s. It won the American Book Award. The collection deals with Chinese-American history by recalling the work of early Chinese immigrants in such jobs as coolie railworker and launderer.
 Hagood Mill is a water-powered gristmill built by James E. Hagood in 1826 near Pickens South Carolina it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Quién Dijo Ayer (English: Who Said Yesterday) is a compilation album released by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona on August 21 2007. Dan Warner and Lee Levin co-produced the album with Arjona and Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Tommy Torres. It was recorded in the United States Mexico Italy and Argentina and is the last album Arjona released under the Sony Music Entertainment label before signing with Warner Music Group.
 Y.R.N. (Young Rich Niggas) is a mixtape by American rappers Migos. It was released on June 13 2013. The album features notable guest appearances from rappers Gucci Mane Trinidad James Riff Raff and Soulja Boy. This mixtape is notable for the single Versace the single reached #99 on the Billboard Hot 100 #31 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs #23 on the Hot Rap Songs and #11 on the Top Heatseekers. Versace was placed in multiple year-end lists of 2013.
 Christ Church Burial Ground is a historic cemetery at 54-60 School Street in Quincy Massachusetts.The cemetery was founded in 1737 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Ragtime is a novel by E. L. Doctorow published in 1975. This work of historical fiction is mainly set in the New York City area from about 1900 until the United States entry into World War I in 1917.
 Tulangbawang River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.
 Ranularia encaustica is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 The Black Hawk County Soldiers Memorial Hall also known as Veterans Memorial Hall is a Classical Revival veterans hall located at 194 West Fifth Street in downtown Waterloo Black Hawk County Iowa. It was built from 1915 to 1916 by the Grand Army of the Republic as a memorial to soldiers who died in the American Civil War. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 due to its architecture and importance in local history.
 The Mechanical Man (L'uomo meccanico) is a 1921 Italian science fiction film directed by André Deed. The original film was about 80 minutes in length. However only about 26 minutes of footage remains. The DVD release by Alpha Video uses an incomplete Brazilian print with new English intertitles.
 The Gross Bielenhorn is a mountain in the Urner Alps.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Sașa River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Calotrophon carnicolor is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Brentwood Town Centre (most often referred to as Brentwood Mall) is a shopping mall in Burnaby British Columbia. It is located in North Burnaby at the intersection of Willingdon Avenue and the Lougheed Highway approximately 1.5 kilometres from Vancouver city limits. It is also very close to the British Columbia Institute of Technology (BCIT) campus.
 The Taquara River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Hermann Rauschning (7 August 1887 – February 8 1982) was a GermanConservative Revolutionary who briefly joined the Nazis before breaking with them. In 1934 he renounced Nazi party membership and in 1936 emigrated from Germany (eventually settling in United States) and began openly denouncing Nazism.
 Petrobrazi Refinery is one of the largest Romanian refineries and one of the largest in Eastern Europe located in Ploieşti Prahova County having as a main activity the processing of Romanian oil but also has a separate unit specialised in processing chemical products. The refinery has two processing modules with a nominal capacity of 3.5 million tonnes/year each and a total capacity of 7 million tonnes/year.
 The Unusual Suspects is the second novel in The Sisters Grimm series written by Michael Buckley and illustrated by Peter Ferguson.
 The Fall River is a 3.3-mile-long (5.3 km) stream in northeastern Minnesota the United States. It drops 860 feet (260 m) in elevation to Lake Superior over the final 2.2 miles (3.5 km) of its course.
 Ceyhanbekirli is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 The Streak-breasted Woodpecker (Picus viridanus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Malaysia Myanmar Thailand and perhaps Bangladesh. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
 Iron Man (vol. 4) was an ongoing comic book series published for four years from January 2005 to January 2009 by Marvel Comics starring the superhero Iron Man. It was the fourth series with this title to be published following series that ran from 1968–1996 1996–1997 and 1998-2004. Over the course of its run it was published under the different titles: The Invincible Iron Man (#1-12) and Iron Man: Director of S.H.I.E.L.D.
 St Matthew's Church is an Anglican church in the Silverhill suburb of Hastings a town and borough in the English county of East Sussex. The present building a large brick structure of 1884 by ecclesiastical architect John Loughborough Pearson replaced a much smaller church founded in 1860 when Silverhill began to grow from an agricultural area with scattered cottages into a suburb of the increasingly fashionable seaside resort of Hastings.
 Pinki Buli or Pinky Buly is a Bengali drama directed by Meghnad Bhattacharya. This a production of Bengali theatre group Sayak. The drama explores the complex relation between a master and a servant.
 Mowtowr-e Khorramshahr Chah Hasan (Persian: موتورخرم شهرچاه حسن‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Khorramshahr Chāh Ḩasan) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 242 in 41 families.
 Pająków [paˈjɔŋkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Przyłęk 16 km (10 mi) east of Zwoleń and 108 km (67 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 The Best of Frank Herbert (1975) is a collection of thirteen short stories written by science fiction author Frank Herbert and edited by Angus Wells. In 1976 this book was re-released as a two volume set; The Best of Frank Herbert 1952–1964 and The Best of Frank Herbert 1965–1970. All of the stories in this collection had been previously published in magazine or book form.
 Sunil Gulati (born July 30 1959) is the president of the United States Soccer Federation (USSF) and was on April 19 2013 elected to a four-year term on the FIFA Executive Committee. In March 2014 he was unanimously re-elected to a record 3rd four year term as USSF president; having been elected initially in 2006 and re-elected again in 2010. Gulati is also a senior lecturer in the economics department of Columbia University.
 The Afon Crai is a river in Powys Wales rising in the Fforest Fawr section of the Brecon Beacons National Park and flowing north into the River Usk. The headwaters known as Blaen-crai flow north from Bwlch Bryn-rhudd a col between the Crai valley and the upper Swansea Valley for 2 km into the Cray Reservoir.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Mary Stella Jerram (b. 1945 in Dunedin New Zealand) is the current State Coroner of New South Wales.
 Irvin-Patchin House is a historic home located in Burnside Pennsylvania United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick dwelling with 3-story brick addition constructed initially in 1850. It was constructed by William Irvin an early settler in western Clearfield County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Deretin is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 259 people.
 The Glodu River is a tributary of the Ialomicioara River in Romania.
 L. Paige Marvel (born 1949) is an Article I federal judge for the United States Tax Court.
 Full Moon is a 1986 album by Irish singer/songwriter Paul Brady his first live album.
 Face First is the sixth album by jazz fusion band Tribal Tech. It was released in 1993.
 Pierre Vimont (born 15 June 1949) is the Secretary-General of the European External Action Service (EEAS).
 King's Chapel is an independent Christian unitarian congregation affiliated with the Unitarian Universalist Association that is unitarian Christian in theology Anglican in worship and congregational in governance. It is housed in what was formerly called Stone Chapel an 18th-century structure at the corner of Tremont Street and School Street in Boston Massachusetts.
 Zatrephes amoena is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1924. It is found in French Guiana and Brazil.
 Kaimur Range (also spelt Kymore) (Hindi: कैमूर पहाड़ियाँ) is the eastern portion of the Vindhya Range about 483 kilometres (300 mi) long extending from around Katangi in Balaghat district of Madhya Pradesh to around Sasaram in Rohtas district of Bihar. It passes through the Rewa and Mirzapur divisions. The range never rises more than a few hundred metres above the surrounding plains and has a maximum width of around 80 km.
 The Frans Hals Museum is a hofje that is home to the municipal museum in Haarlem Netherlands that was established in 1862. In 1950 the museum was split in two locations when the collection of modern art was moved to the Museum De Hallen.
 The Campbell-Chrisp House in Bald Knob Arkansas was built in 1899. It was designed by Charles Thompson in Colonial Revival and Romanesque style.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 La Femme Musketeer is a made for television movie produced by Hallmark Entertainment and Larry Levinson Productions filmed on Draguć in Croatia. It originally premiered on June 20 2004 on Hallmark Channel.
 Saying Something You Have Already Said Before: A Quiet Side of Moneen is an EP/DVD by the rock band Moneen. The CD side of the disc includes four acoustic versions of songs that were on The Red Tree as well as a previously unreleased song. The DVD side of the disc includes live footage of four songs performed by Moneen during a show at The Opera House in Toronto Ontario in June 2006.
 The Land Titles Building is located at 350 12th Street East in Prince Albert Saskatchewan Canada. The federal government architect Thomas Fuller designed the building. The building is a designated Heritage Property.
 Montauk Manor is a historic resort hotel located in the hamlet of Montauk in Suffolk County New York on Long Island. It was built in 1926 by Carl G. Fisher and is a three-story 200-room hotel in the Tudor Revival style. It was designed by Schultze and Weaver the firm responsible for several Miami Beach-area hotels The Breakers in Palm Beach The Biltmore in Los Angeles and The Pierre The Sherry-Netherland and the Waldorf-Astoria in Manhattan New York City.
 Pacha Nottukal is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Joseph Rhodes Jr. (August 14 1947 – November 7 2013) was an American politician and activist. From 1972–1980 he served four 2-year terms as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He was a commissioner of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission from 1988–1995.
 Everything is Shifting is a 2005 EP by Atlanta-based rock band Y-O-U. The record represented a striking change in the band's sound both lyrically and musically the latter change being inspired in part by the departure of two members Eric Park and Matt Sonnicksen in 2004.
 Plympton Priory was a priory in Devon England. Its history is recorded in the Annales Plymptonienses.
 Weekly Young Jump (週刊ヤングジャンプ Shūkan Yangu Janpu) launched in 1979 is a weekly Japanese magazine that publishes various seinen manga in each issue. It is published by Shueisha under the Jump line of magazines. The chapters of series that run in Weekly Young Jump are collected and published in tankōbon volumes under the Young Jump Comics imprint every four months.
 The Bulletin of the African Bird Club is an English language ornithological colour magazine published biannually by the African Bird Club since 1994. It contains material concerning the wild birds of continental Africa Indian Ocean islands west of 80° East and Atlantic Ocean islands on or east of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge.
 Jesús de Cárdenas was the Governor of Tamaulipas and the President of the Republic of the Rio Grande.After Coahuila Nuevo León and Tamaulipas declared independence in October 1838 and formally organized their provisional government on January 18 1839 with Jesús de Cárdenas as President the January 28 1839 supporters of the rebellion placed the flag of this republic in the town square of Guerrero Tamaulipas and every man went under the banner of the proclaimed Republic of the Rio Grande to kiss the flag as a sign of loyalty. 
 Live in NYC is a live album and DVD by American alternative rock band Jane's Addiction released on July 8 2013 in the UK and July 9 in North America. The album was recorded at Terminal 5 on December 29 2012 during the band's Theatre of Escapists tour.The album is the band's first fully live release since its 1987 debut Jane's Addiction.
 .hack//Epitaph of Twilight (.hack//黄昏の碑文) is a novel in the .hack series by Miu Kawasaki. It was published in Japan by Kadokawa Shoten on June 1 2008 and released a second volume on September 9 2008.
 Langeskavlstind is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Charnowo [xarˈnɔvɔ] (German Arnshagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Ustka 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Słupsk and 113 km (70 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 280.
 Dale Leroy Locker (November 2 1929 – August 14 2011) was a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives representing the 80th District from 1973-1984. He also ran for a seat in the United States House of Representatives in 1980 but lost to Michael Oxley by less than 500 votes.He died at his home in 2011.
 St. Joseph's Church also known as St. Joseph & St. Patrick Church is a historic Roman Catholic church complex at 704-708 Columbia Street in Utica Oneida County New York. The complex consists of the church St. Joseph's Parochial School (1885) St. Joseph's Parochial Residence (1906) and Parish Convent building (1891).The church was built in 1871 and is 180 feet long with a simple basilican plan in the German Romanesque style. It is built of brick with limestone trim.
 L'era del cinghiale bianco (Italian: The Era of the White Boar) is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Franco Battiato. It was released in 1979 by the label EMI Italiana. This album marks the return of Battiato to pop after a period in which he substantially produced experimental music (1972–1978). The title song's theme the white boar is inspired to an ancient Celtic myth.
 The Familiar is the 41st book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Ellen Geroux. It is narrated by Jake.The cover quote is They're out of sight. You're out of mind... The inside cover quote is All grown up and no place to go...
 Chalai Lagoon is a lagoon in Mullaitivu District north-east Sri Lanka. The town of Chalai is located on a sand bar between the lagoon and the Indian Ocean. The lagoon is fed by a number of small rivers. It is linked to the sea by a narrow channel near Chalai. The lagoon's water is brackish. The lagoon is surrounded by dense forest scrubland and some rice paddies. The land is used for fishing and some salt production.The lagoon has extensive sea grass beds and mangrove swamp.
 SS Philip and Jacob Church (grid reference ST594730) commonly referred to as Pip 'n' Jay is a parish church in central Bristol England. Its full name since 1934 is St Philip and St Jacob with Emmanuel the Unity although reference to the original church of St Philip exists in records dating from 1174. Historically the 'Mother church of East Bristol' it serves the area known as The Dings.
 School Begins is a 1928 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 79th Our Gang short that was released and is considered to be lost.
 Eleutherodactylus nephophilus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Yukarısal is a village in the District of Amasra Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 337 people.
 The Biggest Bang is a four-disc concert DVD collection released by the Rolling Stones. The collection documents several shows from the band's 2005–2006 legs of the A Bigger Bang Tour. The DVD debuted at #1 on Billboard's music video chart selling 20422 copies during the first week and has sold almost 48000 copies to date (14 September 2007). It was certified 7x multi-platinum in U.S for shipments of 175000 sets.
 Let There Be Country is an album by country singer Marty Stuart. Although it was Stuart's eighth studio album to be released it was actually the fourth album he recorded (the album was cut between Marty Stuart and Hillbilly Rock). Let There Be Country was recorded in 1988 but Columbia Records refused to release it.
 Halapić (Cyrillic: Халапић) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pseudodiptera clypeatus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1965. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Berkeley Fiction Review is an American literary magazine founded in 1982 and based at the University of California Berkeley. Stories that have appeared in the Berkeley Fiction Review have been reprinted in The Best American Short Stories and the Pushcart Prize anthology. The Berkeley Fiction Review sponsors an annual Sudden Fiction contest.
 Rose Royce IV: Rainbow Connection is the fourth album released by the Funk band Rose Royce on the Whitfield label in August 1979. It was produced by Norman Whitfield. This would be the last album to include lead singer Gwen Dickey before she left the group to embark on a solo career.
 Rock and Rollin' with Fats Domino originally released as Carry on Rockin' is the 1955 debut album by R&B pianist and vocalist Fats Domino compiling a number of his hits and other material some of which would soon become hits. The album which featured a woodcut portrait of the musician reached #17 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart. It is believed to have been produced by engineer Bunny Robyn due to the notation on the cover A Robyn Recording.
 Secreto de Confesión is the title of the first Filipino film in Spanish language which was presented at the time as la primera película hablada y cantada en español producida en Filipinas (the first film spoken and sung in Spanish in the Philippines).
 Black Death is a 2010 German-British adventure/drama/horror film directed by Christopher Smith from an original screenplay by Dario Poloni. It stars Sean Bean Eddie Redmayne and Carice van Houten.Despite not being credited as a writer Smith made very significant changes in the second half of the script including a new ending. All the scenes of Black Death were shot in the chronological order a rare occurrence.
 The Pangil River (Tagalog: Ilog ng Pangil) also known as the Bambang Hari River is a river system that runs through Pangil Laguna in the Philippines. It is one of 21 River tributaries of Laguna de Bay and is regularly monitored by the Laguna Lake Development Authority(LLDA) through one of its 15 river monitoring stations.The Pangil River sub-basin has a drainage area of 51.14 square kilometers.
 Heartbreaker is a 1982 album by Dionne Warwick her fourth for the Arista label. It was for the most part written by the members of the Bee Gees and produced by Barry Gibb with Karl Richardson and Albhy Galuten; Gibb and Galuten also served as musicians on the album. Heartbreaker is one of the most successful albums of Warwick's career. It is her most successful international album having sold an estimated three million copies worldwide.
 Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom (English: A few pages are missing in between) is a 2012 Indian Tamil Black Comedy film directorial debut for Balaji Tharaneetharan. Featuring Vijay Sethupathi and Gayathrie Shankar in the lead roles The plot revolves around a young man who forgets a full year of his life even as he is about to get married. The music and background score of the film are composed by Ved Shankar and Siddarth Vippin respectively.
 The Northern treefrog (Polypedates mutus) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family. It also goes by the names Burmese whipping frog and vocal sacless treefrog.It is found in China Myanmar Vietnam possibly Laos and possibly Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes ponds and irrigated land.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Charles H. Dager is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Coming into the Country is a 1976 book by John McPhee about Alaska and McPhee's travels through much of the state with bush pilots prospectors and settlers as well as politicians and businesspeople who each interpret the state in different ways.One of his most widely read books Coming into the Country is divided into three sections At the Northern Tree Line: The Encircled River In Urban Alaska: What They Were Hunting For and In the Bush: Coming into the Country.After the publication of Coming into the Country The New York Times called McPhee the most versatile journalist in America.
 Sasek Wielki [ˈsasɛk ˈvjɛlki] (German: Materschobensee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Szczytno and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Hell Has No Limits (Spanish: El lugar sin límites The Place Without Limits) is a 1966 novel written by Chilean José Donoso. The novel tells the story of a bordello and details the prostitutes' way of life. The main character is Manuela the transvestite who owns the bordello. A number of other memorable characters are introduced. The novel was well received and is considered a piercing investigation of values and identity.[citation needed]
 Szentliszló is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 See also East Humboldt RangeThe West Humboldt Range is a short mountain range in the western Great Basin in northwestern Nevada in the United States. It runs for approximately 40 mi (64 km) southwest to northeast in northern Churchill County and southern Pershing County.
 Something Ventured is a 2011 documentary film investigating the emergence of American venture capitalism in the mid-20th Century. Something Ventured follows the stories of the venture capitalists who worked with entrepreneurs to start and build companies like Apple Intel Genentech Cisco Atari Tandem and others.
 Q'ara Quta (Aymara q'ara bare bald quta lake bare lake hispanicized spellings Karakota Khara Khota Khara Kkota K'arakota) is a lake on the western side of the Cordillera Real of Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Batallas Municipality Tuquía Canton. It lies north west of the Kunturiri massif between the lakes Wichhu Quta (5 km) in the south west and Khotia Quta and Janq'u Quta in the north east.
 Krishnapur is a village in Jaunpur district of Uttar Pradesh India. This village falls in the Badlapur tehesil of Jaunpur. Krishnapur is situated on the right hand side bank of river Gomati.Location of Krishnapur: Actual location of Primary Entry Point of Krishnapur village is- Latitude 25.960668479926042 Longitude 82.52148628234863.This village is beautiful because of magnificent view of river Gomati and a Shiva Temple.
 Blood on the Neck of the Cat is a British play. Clive Mantle starred in it.
 Nyarlathotep is a prose poem/short story by H. P. Lovecraft written in 1920 and first published in the November 1920 issue of The United Amateur. It is the first mention in fiction of the Cthulhu Mythos entity Nyarlathotep.
 Oh! Calcutta! is the fifth full-length album by the Chicago punk rock band The Lawrence Arms released in 2006 by Fat Wreck Chords. It is the band's third album to be released on Fat Wreck Chords. In comparison with their previous album The Greatest Story Ever Told Oh! Calcutta! is considerably faster-paced and more aggressive resembling more closely their earlier albums.
 Mary Price Pricey Harrison (born August 31 1958) is a Democratic member of the North Carolina House of Representatives representing the 57th district since 2005.
 The Ericsburg in the village of the same name in the borough of Dassel in Lower Saxony Germany is a castle that was built in the 16th century within the Principality of Calenberg. It is currently (2007) in a poor state of repair.
 Krok do tmy is a 1937 Czech criminal-comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 Boys and Girls is the sixth studio solo album by Bryan Ferry the former lead vocalist for Roxy Music the album is his first solo studio album since the second demise of Roxy Music in 1983. The album was released in 1985 by EG Records. The remains Ferry's only number 1 solo album in the UK and contains two UK top 40 hit singles.
 Ponera pennsylvanica is a species of ant that is usually found in mesic forests in the Eastern United States. The species' nests are usually found under rotting logs in rotting stumps or logs in acorns in soil and in leaf mold. Ant colonies usually have no more than 100 worker ants.
 Newt Virgus Mills (September 27 1899 – May 15 1996) was a U.S. Representative in the first half of the 20th century from Louisiana's 5th congressional district based in Monroe Louisiana.Born in Calhoun in western Ouachita Parish Mills attended public schools and then enrolled at Louisiana Tech University in Ruston Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge Northwestern State University then Louisiana Normal College in Natchitoches and Spencer Business College in New Orleans.
 The Berezina (Belarusian: Бярэ́зіна Biarezina; [bʲaˈrɛzʲinɐ]) is a river in Belarus and a tributary of the Dnieper River.The Berezina Preserve by the river is in the UNESCO list of Biosphere Preserves.
 The Man with the Golden Gun is the twelfth novel (and thirteenth book) of Ian Fleming's James Bond series. It was first published by Jonathan Cape in the UK on 1 April 1965 eight months after the author's death. The novel was not as detailed or polished as the others in the series leading to poor but polite reviews.
 Stornoway is the name of the official residence of the Leader of the Opposition in Canada and has been used as such since 1950. It is provided in recognition of the opposition leader's position. Located at 541 Acacia Avenue in the Rockcliffe Park area of Ottawa Stornoway has assessed value $4225000 (2008) (based on this value which is only approximation of market value the municipal property taxes are calculated) and is maintained with $70000 a year in government funds.
 Experimental Physiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Physiological Society. It was established in 1908 as The Quarterly Journal of Experimental Physiology and is now published monthly.
 Dasht-e Arzhan (Persian: دشت ارژن‎; also known as Dachte-Arjan Dasht-e Arjan Dasht-e Arzhaneh and Dasht-i- Arjan) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2557 in 585 families.
 The Carl L. Caviness Post 102 American Legion was built in 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. It reflects Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture and served as a meeting hall. The NRHP listing included two contributing buildings.
 Notes from a Small Island is a humorous travel book on Great Britain by American author Bill Bryson first published in 1995.
 Wamsutta Mills was a textile manufacturing company located in New Bedford Massachusetts a port which was known for its whaling ships. The company was named after Wamsutta the son of a Native American chief who negotiated an early alliance with the English settlers of the Plymouth Colony in the 17th century. Wamsutta Company's textile mill was founded by Thomas Bennett Jr. on the banks of the Acushnet River in 1846 and opened in 1848.
 Pobłocie Małe [pɔˈbwɔt͡ɕɛ ˈmawɛ] (German: Klein Pobloth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Kołobrzeg and 104 km (65 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Stara Huta [ˈstara ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Sierakowice 32 km (20 mi) west of Kartuzy and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 99.
 Frank McCoppin (July 4 1834 County Longford Ireland – May 26 1897 San Francisco California) was the first Irish-born and foreign-born Mayor of San Francisco. He was married in 1862 to Elizabeth Bird Van Ness in San Francisco thereby becoming the son-in-law of former mayor James Van Ness.McCoppin was a member of the Royal Irish Constabulary from 1851 until he emigrated to the United States in 1853.
 Andis (Persian: انديس‎ also Romanized as Andīs; also known as Hendes Hendīs Hindis and Īndes) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 489 in 139 families.
 The Cugir River ( Hungarian: Kudzsir-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Eupithecia conviva is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Turkmenistan.
 The Augusta Chronicle is the daily newspaper of Augusta Georgia and is one of the oldest newspapers in the United States still in publication. The paper is known for its coverage of the Masters Tournament which is played in Augusta. The Chronicle had a daily circulation of 55444 and a Sunday circulation of 71057 according to a March 2012 report by the Audit Bureau of Circulations.
 The Atlanta Ranger Station Historic District also known as Atlanta Guard Station is a 24 acres (9.7 ha) historic districtin Boise National Forest in Atlanta Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. It dates from 1933. It involved the Civilian Conservation Corps and the USDA Forest Service and includes Forest Service R-4 Standard and other architecture. The listing included ten contributing buildings.
 Cyrtocarenum grajum is a is a trapdoor spider species found in Greece and Crete.
 Ordinary Jack is a novel by Helen Cresswell the first book in the Bagthorpe Saga.
 Carposina olivaceonitens is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Maui and Hawaii.The larvae feed in flowers flower buds and fruit of Clermontia and Planchonella species.
 Mohammed Nasser Ahmed is a Yemeni major general who is the defense minister of Yemen.
 Khaki Branazar (Persian: خاكي برانازار‎ also Romanized as Khāḵī Brānāzār) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 6 families.
 Kosmów-Kolonia [ˈkɔsmuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 The Nyanza barb (Barbus nyanzae) is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. It is found in Kenya Rwanda Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and inland deltas. It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
 The Engagement Ring (Azerbaijani: Bəxt üzüyü) is a full-length Azerbaijani comedy film released in 1991. The film plot is based on the same-titled novel by Azerbaijani writer Vagif Samadoghlu.
 Fahrenheit 451 is a dystopian novel by Ray Bradbury published in 1953. It is regarded as one of his best works. The novel presents a future American society where books are outlawed and firemen burn any that are found. The title refers to the temperature that Bradbury understood to be the autoignition point of paper.The novel has been the subject of interpretations primarily focusing on the historical role of book burning in suppressing dissenting ideas.
 Kasehgaran (Persian: كاسه گران‎ also Romanized as Kāsehgarān; also known as Kasakeran) is a village in Lahijan Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 306 in 44 families.
 Anisotenes libidinosa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Easy Come Easy Go is a 1947 film directed by John Farrow.
 Woźniki [vɔʑˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lgota Wielka within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lgota Wielka 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Radomsko and 72 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 SM City Xiamen is a shopping centre in Xiamen city Fujian province China. It is owned by SM Prime Holdings the largest retail and mall operator in the Philippines. It is the first SM Supermall on mainland China which opened on December 13 2001.In Xiamen it is aptly called SM Laiya. The mall has a gross floor area of 126000 square meters with over 500 shops featuring local and international brands. It is strategically located along a busy crossroad --- Jiahe and Xianyue Road.
 The March Field Air Museum is an aviation museum near Moreno Valley and Riverside California adjacent to March Air Reserve Base.
 Daughter of the Party (党的女儿) is a 1958 Chinese film directed by Lin Nong and produced by Changchun Film Studio. The film tells the story of three young women in their struggle to establish a Chinese Communist Party cell.The film spawned a number of variant settings include a Chinese-language western-style opera True Daughter of the Party (also 1958) and a play (1959) and a TV series (2011).The film is to be distinguished from the North Korean play A True Daughter of the Party.
 Lord Loss is the first novel in the Demonata series written by best-selling teenage horror author Darren Shan. It was originally published in the UK on 6 June 2005. Soon after it appeared in Japan and America where Shan's previous series The Saga of Darren Shan had sold millions. The novel is set in Ireland and is told in present tense first person through Grubbs Grady a child whose family are all chess players.
 Kunin-Zamek [ˈkunin ˈzamɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 100.
 The Gangabal Lake (Urdu:-ﮔﻨﮕﺒﻞ ﺟﮭﻴﻞ) also called Gangbal Lake is a lake situated at the foothills of Mount Haramukh (the highest mountain peak in the vicinity of Kashmir valley) in Ganderbal district north of Srinagar city in the state of Jammu and Kashmir India. It is an alpine high altitude oligotrophic lake home to many species of fish including the brown trout.The lake has a maximum length of two and a half kilometres and maximum width of one kilometre.
 The Royal Park Hotel is a luxury boutique hotel located in the Metro Detroit city of Rochester Michigan. Architect Victor Saroki designed the hotel in a stately English manor house style. The hotel contains the Brookshire restaurant. In addition the hotel ballroom can accommodate conferences for up to 1200 guests and dining for up to 720. It is a member of Carino Hotels & Resorts which operates hotels and resorts primarily in Europe and the Americas.
 È arrivato il cavaliere! is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli and Steno. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Never Let Me Go is a 2010 British dystopian science fiction drama film based on Kazuo Ishiguro's 2005 novel of the same name. The film was directed by Mark Romanek from a screenplay by Alex Garland. Never Let Me Go is set in an alternate history and centres on Kathy Ruth and Tommy portrayed by Carey Mulligan Keira Knightley and Andrew Garfield respectively who become entangled in a love triangle. Principal photography began in April 2009 and lasted several weeks.
 Diocesan House is located in Verulam Road St Albans on the northern side between Church Crescent and Britton Avenue opposite College Street grid reference TL1454007480.It is now known as Verulam House and has also been referred to as the Bishop's Palace.Throughout the Second World War it was used as a maternity hospital and a facility for the training of pupil midwives by the General Lying-In Hospital which had been evacuated from York Road Lambeth (Waterloo) in central London.During the period between September 1939 and June 1946 two thousand babies were born here.The General Lying-In Hospital was re-established at its former Lambeth premises in 1946 after the end of the war.The Registrar of Births Deaths and Marriages of Hertfordshire in the district of St Albans at that time indicated that the place of birth was Diocesan House Verulam Road St Albans Urban District.In 1994 Verulam House St Albans as it was by then again known which had since 1926 been used mainly as a Diocesan Retreat and Conference Centre by the Church of England Diocese of St Albans was sold and a trust fund set up with the proceeds.Since 1996 the House has been the site of the 'Verulam House Nursing and Residential Home'.The House was also known as the Bishop's Palace from 1913 up until 1926. 
 O'Blenis House is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1848 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29 1986.
 Marc-Yvan Côté (born March 27 1947 in Sainte-Anne-des-Monts Quebec) is a former Quebec politician and Cabinet Minister for the Quebec Liberal Party. He was the Health and Social Services Minister in the Robert Bourassa government from 1989 to 1994.
 Rogério Carvalho Santos (born August 2 1968) is a Brazilian physician and politician current serving as Deputy in Chamber of Deputies of the Brazilian state of Sergipe. He is a former State Surgeon General of Sergipe Department of Health in Brazil. Member of the Workers' Party (PT).
 The Real Fidel Castro is a biography of the Cuban revolutionary and politician Fidel Castro written by the British diplomat Leyster Coltman (1938-2003) and first published by Yale University Press in 2003. A diplomat for the government of the United Kingdom Coltman had been appointed to the position of British ambassador to Cuba from 1991 through to 1994 during which time he got to know Castro personally.
 Forever Mine is a 1999 British–Canadian romantic drama film written and directed by Paul Schrader and starring Joseph Fiennes Gretchen Mol and Ray Liotta.
 Fragments of Olympian Gossip is a poem that Nikola Tesla composed in the late 1920s for his friend George Sylvester Viereck an illustrious German poet and mystic.
 The ancient Sanskrit text called Jaimini Sutras is a treatise on the predictive part of Hindu astrology attributed to Maharishi Jaimini the founder of the Purva Mimamsa branch of Hindu philosophy and author of twelve-chapter Upadesa Sutras who was a disciple of Rishi Vyasa son of Parashara.
 Pseudeuchromia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 One Got Fat is a 1963 bicycle safety film. It is narrated by F-Troop and Fractured Fairy Tales star Edward Everett Horton.
 Robert King High (April 9 1924 – August 30 1967) was a reform mayor of Miami Florida from 1957 until his death and the Democratic Party nominee for governor of Florida in 1966.
 St Mary's church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Great Yarmouth Norfolk. It is situated on Regent Road in the centre of the town. It was originally built by the Society of Jesus in the late 1840s and it is now administered by the Diocese of East Anglia. The architect was Joseph John Scoles who also designed the Anglican St Mary's church in the Southtown area of Great Yarmouth and it is a Grade II* listed building.
 Postal is a 2007 comedy action film co-written and directed by Uwe Boll. The film stars Zack Ward Dave Foley Chris Coppola Jackie Tohn J.K. Simmons Verne Troyer Larry Thomas David Huddleston and Seymour Cassel.Like the majority of Boll's previous films Postal is a film adaptation of a video game in this case Postal though this film draws more heavily from that video game's sequel Postal 2.
 Ruszów [ˈruʂuf] (German: Rauscha) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgliniec within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 For information about Skylands an estate in Seal Harbour Maine see Martha Stewart.Skylands 1119 acres (4.5 km²) also known as the New Jersey Botanical Garden is a mansion and 96-acre (390000 m2) botanical garden in Ringwood State Park in the borough of Ringwood located within the Ramapo Mountains in Passaic County in the state of New Jersey United States. Its formal gardens are open to the public year round.
 New York Nights is a 1929 crime film directed by Lewis Milestone. It is based on 1928 play Tin Pan Alley by Hugh Stanislaus Stange. The film is known for being leading actress Norma Talmadge's first sound film.
 Tsagaanlamyn Dügersüren (Mongolian: Цаганламын Дугэрсурэн; 1914-1986) was acting Chairman of the Presidium of the State Little Khural(acting titular head of state) of Mongolian People's Republic from May 20 1972 to June 29 1972 following the death of Jamsrangiin Sambuu.
 Kurani (Persian: كوراني‎ also Romanized as Kūrānī; also known as Kūrāneh) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 34 families.
 Tweed is an upcoming horror film written and directed by Alexander Wraith starring Sam Pressman and Lili Emmanuelle.
 Dutchess Manor is a restaurant located along NY 9D in the Town of Fishkill New York United States between the city of Beacon and Breakneck Ridge. It is one of the most distinctive Hudson Valley buildings in the Second Empire architectural style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.Francis Timoney an Irish immigrant built the house in 1889 of bricks his three yards had made from clay found along the east bank of the Hudson River just below it.
 Nehoiaşu Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant on the Bâsca Mare River or simply Bâsca River situated in Romania. The project was started in 1998 and it was made up by the construction of a dam with 8 mobile segments each 12 m high which will be equipped with two vertical turbines the hydropower plant having an installed capacity of 152 MW. The power plant will generate 328 GWh of electricity per year.
 The Bourne Deception is the title for the novel by Eric Van Lustbader and the seventh novel in the Jason Bourne series created by Robert Ludlum. It was released on June 9 2009. It is Lustbader's fourth Bourne novel following The Bourne Sanction that was published in 2008.
 One Ninety One Peachtree Tower is a 235 m (771 ft) 50-story skyscraper in Atlanta Georgia. Designed by Johnson/Burgee Architects and Kendall/Heaton Associates Inc the building was completed in 1990 and is the fourth tallest in the city winning the BOMA Building of the Year Awards the next year repeating in 1998 and 2003. Throughout the 1990s 191 Peachtree was considered Atlanta's premier business address.
 The Riverside Hangars are semi-cylindrical-shaped hangars for aircraft installed at Saint Paul Downtown Airport in 1942 immediately adjacent to the Mississippi River. Their important design features are their low-cost and that they were erectable quickly by unskilled workers.
 The Goldwell Open Air Museum is an outdoor sculpture park near the ghost town of Rhyolite in the U.S. state of Nevada. The 7.8-acre (3.2 ha) site is located at the northern end of the Amargosa Valley about 120 miles (190 km) northwest of Las Vegas and about 4 miles (6.4 km) west of Beatty off State Route 374. About 5 miles (8.0 km) further west is Death Valley National Park.
 Finnsæter Chapel (Norwegian: Finnsæter kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Berg in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Finnsæter. The church is part of the Berg parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1982 and it seats about 77 people. The chapel was consecrated on 29 August 1982 by the Bishop Arvid Nergård.
 Zootzensee is a lake in Rheinsberger Seenplatte Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of its surface area is 1.67 km². It is located in the town of Rheinsberg.
 Halo: Primordium is a science fiction novel by Greg Bear set in the universe of the Halo video game series. Primordium is the middle book in the Forerunner trilogy. The book was released on January 3 2012 along with the audiobook version and is the tenth Halo novel following 2011's Halo: Glasslands. The book reached number seventeen on the New York Times Bestseller List in Hardcover Fiction.
 Eleutherodactylus gualteri is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Valldalsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Odda in Hordaland county Norway.
 A Very Special Christmas is the first in a series of Christmas-themed compilation albums produced to benefit Special Olympics. The album was released in 1987 and production was overseen by Jimmy Iovine for A&M Records. A Very Special Christmas has also raised millions of dollars for the Special Olympics.
 Moggridgea is a genus of spiders in the tree dwelling family Migidae.The genus was first described by Octavius Pickard-Cambridge in 1875.The majority of the 33 species of the genus are found in southern Africa and Socotra with outlying and relict species in Australia's Southwest and Kangaroo Island.
 Greya sparsipunctella is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found along the northern California coast. The habitat consists of low forb-rich ocean cliff vegetation and moist coniferous forest.The wingspan is 23-27 mm making it the largest Greya species. The forewings have a very light base colour irrorated with dark brown scales. The hindwings are uniformly greyish brown.
 The Collection is a compilation box set by American recording artist Michael Jackson released four days after his death though its release was already scheduled before Jackson's passing. With the exception of HIStory it contains all of Jackson's Epic studio albums. It has peaked at number one in several countries.
 The Central Fells are a group of hills in the English Lake District. Reaching their highest point at High Raise (2500 ft or 762 metres) they occupy a broad area to the east of Borrowdale. Perhaps unexpectedly the Central Fells are generally lower than the surrounding hills the Lake District's general dome-like structure having a slight dip in the middle.
 Agdistis gibberipennis is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Abu-san (あぶさん) is a baseball manga by Shinji Mizushima that has been serialized in seinen manga magazine Big Comic Original since 1973. It tells the story of fictional baseball player Yasutake Kageura (景浦安武 Kageura Yasutake). Despite enjoying a long serialization spanning over 30 years it has received no anime or live-action adaptations. In 1977 it received the Shogakukan Manga Award for seinen/general manga.
 Mixing Me is a 2005 EP by Miss Kittin to promote her album I Com. Mixing Me contains remixes of I Com's singles.
 At the Bottom of the River is a collection of short stories by Caribbean novelist Jamaica Kincaid. Published in 1983 it was her first short story collection. The collection consists of ten inter-connected short stories seven of which were previously published in The New Yorker and The Paris Review between 1978 and 1982. Kincaid was awarded the Morton Dauwen Zabel Award of the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters in 1983 for her collection.
 The Russia House is a spy novel by John le Carré published in 1989. The title refers to the nickname given to the portion of the British Secret Intelligence Service that was devoted to spying on the Soviet Union. A film based on the novel was released in 1990 starring Sean Connery and Michelle Pfeiffer and directed by Fred Schepisi. The BBC also produced a radio play which starred Tom Baker.
 Leticia R. San Miguel Van de Putte(born December 6 1954)is a Democratic member of the Texas Senate representing the 26th District in San Antonio Texas. Previously she was a member of the Texas House of Representatives. Van de Putte is currently the Democratic nominee for lieutenant governor in the November 4 2014 general election.
 Erambala Krishnan Nayanar (Malayalam: ഏറമ്പാല കൃഷ്ണൻ നായനാർ) was a prominent Indian political leader of the Communist Party of India (Marxist). He held the post of Chief Minister of Kerala three times - during 1980–81 1987–91 and 1996–2001. He holds the honour of having been the longest serving Chief Minister of Kerala having been in office for a total of 3999 days spanning 11 years. He was a member of the Politburo of CPI(M).
 John Moore (September 8 1793 – September 23 1863) nicknamed Honest John was an English American politician that served as Lieutenant Governor of Illinois. He also served in the Mexican–American War as lieutenant colonel and was later elected Illinois Treasurer.
 The Old People (Spanish: Los viejos) is a 2011 Bolivian drama film directed by Martín Boulocq.
 Yavarum Nalam (English: All are fine) is a 2009 Tamil psychological horror film directed by Vikram Kumar starring R. Madhavan and Neetu Chandra in the lead roles. Produced by Suresh Balaje and George Pius the film was simultaneously filmed and released in Tamil and also Hindi as 13B with a slightly different cast. The film's soundtrack was composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy and background score by Tubby Parik.
 Tonbo kaeri dōchū (とんぼ返り道中) is a 1950 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Torajiro Saito.
 Madise is a village in Padise Parish Harju County Estonia. It is the birthplace of Bengt Gottfried Forselius.
 Pleasant Valley Wine Company also known as Great Western Winery is a historic winery complex located in the Hamlet of Rheims in the Town of Urbana in Steuben County New York. The complex consists of nine historic buildings constructed of fieldstone. The five oldest structures were built in the 1860s and are in the Italianate style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The winery has the largest plantings of Chardonnay and Riesling in New York.
 Novopsocus is a genus in the Pseudocaeciliidae family with until 2008 one described species endemic to New Guinea. It was later found that the specimens of two different species (one of which undescribed) had been mixed and an individual of a third species was found. The genus is characterised by a flat head with a sharp vertex narrow strap-like wings and antennae with a broad flattened first flagellar segment in the males of two species.
 Melawi River is a river of northwestern Borneo Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Kapuas River. The people in upper reaches of the Melawi speak Ot Danum and elsewhere along the river speak variants of the Malay language and the river banks are inhabited by the Malay and Dayak ethnic groups.A major town on the river is Nanga Pinoh the capital of Melawi Regency.
 Georges Parent (December 15 1879 – December 14 1942) was a Canadian lawyer politician and Speaker of the Canadian Senate from 1940 until 1942.
 Fort Ashby is a historic stockade fort located in Fort Ashby West Virginia USA. A military installation constructed during the French and Indian War it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.In 1755 Colonel George Washington gave orders to build a stockade and fort on the East Side of Pattersons Creek. On Christmas Day 1755 Captain Charles Lewis of Fredericksburg took command of the fort and a garrison of twenty-one men.
 Nunca el Tiempo es Perdido is the second solo studio album from Spanish musician Manolo García formerly of the band El Último de la Fila.
 Pandi Oliperukki Nilayam is a 2012 Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by Rasu Madhuravan. The film will have Sabarish of Markandeyan fame and Sunaina in the lead roles. The movie was originally called Mike Set Pandi later renamed to Pandi Oli Perukki Nilayam.
 Dr. Hackenstein is a 1988 comedy horror film written and directed by Richard Clark and distributed by Troma Entertainment. After the death of his wife Dr. Hackenstein (David Muir) concocts the perfect plan: with the help of a few graverobbers and a couple of lost girls he can use the spare parts to reanimate his dead spouse and build a better woman.Comedienne Phyllis Diller has a small part in the movie along with Oscar nominee Anne Ramsey (d.
 The Playas Valley is a lengthy and narrow 60-mi (97-km) long valley located in Hidalgo County New Mexico in the Bootheel Region; the extreme south of the valley lies in Chihuahua. Playas NM is located in the northeast. The valley is noteworthy for the Playas Lake (dry lake) in the north.The Continental Divide of the Americas forms its western border in a series of three linear mountain ranges and the divide forms the water divide as the northern border of the Playas Valley.
 Foote's Crossing Road (CA 613) originates in North Columbia California and winds through the Tahoe National Forest to connect with the community of Alleghany California. It is a Registered Historic Place.The high bridge crossing at the Middle Yuba River named Foote's Crossing (California Point of Historical Interest No. P401) gives the road its name.
 Zardeh Savar (Persian: زرده سوار‎ also Romanized as Zardeh Savār) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 326 in 75 families.
 The Gold Cure is a 1925 British silent comedy film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Queenie Thomas Gladys Hamer and Jameson Thomas. It was made by Stoll Pictures at Cricklewood Studios.
 Hilgard Muller (4 May 1914 Potchefstroom – 10 July 1985) was a South African politician of the National Party Mayor of Pretoria in 1953–1955 elected an MP in 1958 appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs after the resignation of Eric Louw in 1964. He relinquished both posts in 1977. Studying at the University of Pretoria he obtained a Rhodes Scholarship at Oxford University earning a doctorate in law.
 Dark Angel is a 1995 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author John Dale.
 Eliot Cutler (born July 29 1946) is an American lawyer who is an Independent candidate in Maine's 2014 gubernatorial race. He ran for the same office in the 2010 election.
 Mighty Morphin Power Rangers The Movie: Original Motion Picture Score is the soundtrack of the score to the 1995 Twentieth Century Fox film Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie; it was released by Varèse Sarabande on September 26 1995 on Audio CD and Compact Cassette.
 The Mölltaler Polinik at 2784 m AA is the highest mountain of the Kreuzeck group in the Austrian state of Carinthia.It lies south of the villages of Flattach and Obervellach in the Möll valley. From Obervellach a footpath runs past the Polinikhaus (1873 m Mölltal Section of the ÖAV) to the summit. From Flattach the mountain may be climbed through the Ragga Ravine and Raggaalm.
 Eusimara is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 MotorMag is a Mauritius car magazine published monthly and concentrating on cars and motorcycles testdrives. It was launched in 2007 and is now published by Dubourg Editions Ltd. The magazine features news road tests and buyers guides of both cars and motocycles. The reviews and news are written mostly in French but sometimes in English also. It has a cover price of Rs.95 in Mauritius.The MotorMag office is situated in Curepipe Mauritius.
 Travelers of Space is a 1951 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Martin Greenberg. The stories originally appeared in the magazines 'Planet Stories Astounding Thrilling Wonder Stories and Startling Stories.
 Nowaczyzna ([nɔvaˈt͡ʂɨzna] German: Neumannsruh) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Łukta 18 km (11 mi) north of Ostróda and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 60.
 Edward Chen Kwan-yiu (traditional Chinese: 陳坤耀; simplified Chinese: 陈坤耀; Mandarin Pinyin: Chén Kūnyào; Jyutping: can4 kwan1 jiu6) CBE GBS JP (born January 14 1945 Hong Kong) was the President of Lingnan University of Hong Kong. He is now an Honorary Professor and Distinguished Fellow of the Centre of Asian Studies at the University of Hong Kong (HKU). He is a non-executive director of Wharf Holdings. He graduated with a Bachelor of Economics degree at the HKU in 1967.
 The Journal of Membrane Biology publishes papers on the nature the structure genesis and functions of biological membranes and on the physics and chemistry of artificial membranes with a bearing on biomembranes.
 Laila Marie Reiertsen (born 19 October 1960) is a Norwegian politician from Hordaland residing in Os representing the Progress Party (FrP). In the 2009 parliamentary election she won Hordaland's leveling seat becoming her party's fourth representative in that county.
 Żychlin [ˈʐɨxlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Grabica 8 km (5 mi) north-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Charitosaurus is an extinct genus of pachypleurosaur.
 Lucy Gayheart is Willa Cather's eleventh novel. It was published in 1935.
 Graciela Flores Grace Napolitano (born December 4 1936) is the U.S. Representative for California's 32nd congressional district serving in Congress since 1999. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She previously served in the California State Assembly and the Norwalk City Council.Napolitano previously represented the 34th district from 1999 to 2003 and the 38th district from 2003 to 2013.
 Congregation Emanu-El is a synagogue in Victoria British Columbia on Vancouver Island. It is the oldest surviving synagogue in Canada. It can also boast of being the oldest synagogue building on the west coast of North America. Founded by 1859 when the cemetery is known to have been dedicated in 1863 the congregation built the synagogue that is still in use. It is affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism.
 Love Wind Love Song (Hangul: 연풍연가; RR: Yeonpung yeonga) is a 1999 South Korean romance film about a Seoul businessman (Jang Dong-gun) who comes to Jeju Island and meets a lonely tour guide (Ko So-young).
 Ocepesuchus (meaning Ocepe crocodile in reference to the OCP or Office Chérifien des Phosphates a phosphate-mining company that participated in the excavation of the specimen) is an extinct genus of gavialoid crocodilian related to modern gharials. It lived in the Late Cretaceous of Morocco. Described by Jouve and colleagues in 2008 the type species is O. eoafricanus with the specific name meaning dawn African in reference to its great age relative to other African crocodilians.
 Running Down the Road is a 1969 album by American folk singer Arlo Guthrie. Guthrie's version of the traditional folk tune Stealin' was featured in the film Two-Lane Blacktop. The cover shows the artist upon a Triumph TR6 Trophy motorcycle which is also pictured in the album's 'gate'.
 James Duncan McGregor (August 29 1860 – March 15 1935) was a Canadian agricultural pioneer and office holder. He served as the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba between 1929 and 1934.McGregor was born in Amherstburg Canada West (now Ontario) and was educated at public schools in Windsor. He did not attend college.
 Makhdoom Muhammad Ameen Faheem (Urdu: مخدوم محمد امین فھیم‎; alt. spelling: Amin Fahim) is a populist left-wing figure and a poet who is the current senior vice chairman of Pakistan Peoples Party. Earning Bachelor of Science in political science from the University of Sindh in 1961 he started his political activism in 1970 and contested successfully in the 1970 general elections and was a close ally of Benazir Bhutto during the 1990s.
 Aglossa ocellalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by Lederer in 1863 and is known from Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. There is one record of an accidental introduction from Scotland.
 Theo Diergaardt is a Namibian politician and Member of Parliament. He is the current Deputy Minister of Lands and Resettlement.Diergaardt grew up in Rehoboth and attended school there at Dr Lemmer High School. He graduated from Peninsula Technikon with a Diploma in Cost and Management Accounting. Afterwards he obtained a Higher Diploma and a Masters degree in the same discipline from Technicon SA a distance university.Diergaardt is a SWAPO politician.
 How Soon Is Never is novel-cum-homage to The Smiths set in working-class Manchester England in the early 1980s. The book was written by Marc Spitz and originally released on September 23 2003 by Three Rivers Press.
 The Winston Tower (formerly Wachovia Building) is a 410ft (125m) tall skyscraper in Winston-Salem North Carolina completed in 1966 with 29 floors. It was the tallest building in North Carolina until it was passed by Charlotte's Jefferson First Union Tower in 1971. After a 2003 renovation in which all 6033 windows were replaced with tinted glass to save energy the building received its current name. It has 436000 square feet (40500 square meters) of office space.
 BBC Radio One Sessions is a 2002 album by the Canadian rock band Cowboy Junkies. It was released only in Canada and the United Kingdom. It compiles tracks that the band recorded for BBC Radio One in the UK.It was released on Strange Fruit Records in the UK and Latent Records in Canada.
 The Nathan Fisher House is a historic house at 34 West Main Street in Westborough Massachusetts. The wood frame Federal style house was built c. 1820 by Nathan Fisher who had married into the locally prominint Lothrop family. Fisher operated a store which fell into decline after the area was bypassed by the railroad.
 Oenopota valentina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Armoured Train 14-69 (Russian: Бронепоезд 14-69 Bronepoezd 14-69) is a 1927 Soviet play by Vsevolod Ivanov. Based on his 1922 novel of the same name it was the first play that he wrote and remains his most important. In creating his adaptation Ivanov transformed the passive protagonist of his novel into an active exponent of proletarian ideals; the play charts his journey from political indifference to Bolshevik heroism.
 How Curious a Land is a history of a Georgia plantation community from 1855 to 1885. The book looks at the political economic and the role of the law and society passing through the Civil War and Reconstruction. It was written by Dr. Jonathan M. Bryant of Georgia Southern University. It was published in 1996 by the University of North Carolina Press. It was republished in 2004 as a paperback.
 Kwong Wah Yit Poh or Kwong Wah Daily (simplified Chinese: 光华日报; traditional Chinese: 光華日報; pinyin: Guānghuá Rìbào) is a Malaysian Chinese daily that was founded in 20 December 1910 by Dr. Sun Yat-sen. It is the oldest Chinese language newspaper in Malaysia and outside of Mainland China Hong Kong and Taiwan as well the world's oldest surviving Chinese newspaper (though Ta Kung Pao is the oldest active Chinese language newspaper in the world).
 The Valea Strâmbă River is a tributary of the Cheia River in Romania.
 Kikół [ˈkikuu̯] (German: Kickelsee) is a village in Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kikół. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Lipno and 36 km (22 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 1500.
 Watson Pond is a small freshwater lake within Watson Pond State Park in Taunton Massachusetts USA. The lake is connected to Lake Sabbatia and much of its coastline is forested. The lake is open to the public for swimming and ice fishing.Since 1991 the Watson Pond has been listed as part of the Canoe River Aquifer Area of Critical Environmental Concern by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
 Lac de Charpal is a lake in Lozère France. At an elevation of 1326 m its surface area is 1.9 km².Three communes border the lake: Arzenc-de-Randon Le Born and Rieutort-de-Randon.The Colagne and numerous brooks feed the lake which provides Mende and other communes with water.
 Henidar-e Mafruzeh (Persian: هنيدرمفروضه‎ also Romanized as Henīdar-e Mafrūz̤eh; also known as Henīdar-e Mafrāẕeh and Henīdar-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 27 families.
 Nangpa La (el. 5806 m or 19050 ft) is a high mountain pass crossing the Himalayas and the Nepal-Tibet Autonomous Region border a few kilometres west of Cho Oyu and some 30 km (20 mi) northwest of Mount Everest. A foot-trail over Nangpa La is the traditional trade and pilgrimage route connecting Tibetans and Sherpas of Khumbu.
 Gynandromyia seychellensis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Gynandromyia of the family Tachinidae.
 Viitina Alajärv is a lake in Voru County in the south of Estonia close to the border with Latvia.
 The Lunchbox is a 2013 Indian epistolary romantic film written and directed by Ritesh Batra and produced by Guneet Monga Anurag Kashyap and Arun Rangachari. The film was jointly produced by various studios including DAR motion pictures UTV Motion Pictures Dharma Productions Sikhya Entertainment NFDC (India) ROH Films (Germany) ASAP Films (France) and the Cine Mosaic (United States). It stars Irrfan Khan Nimrat Kaur and Nawazuddin Siddiqui in lead roles.
 A Taste of Money is a 1960 British film.
 Szklarnia [ˈʂklarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Janów Lubelski and 70 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Galleh Peran (Persian: گله پران‎ also Romanized as Galleh Perān; also known as Golpīrān and Gūlah Pīrān) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District Safayyeh District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 31 families.
 The Galleria at Fort Lauderdale is an upscale shopping mall in Fort Lauderdale Florida. It was originally the Sunrise Center an open-air shopping mall constructed in 1954 but was demolished (except the Jordan Marsh anchor store) and rebuilt as an enclosed mall.
 Timothy Ashe (born December 10 1976) is one of six current Vermont Senators from the Chittenden Vermont Senate District.
 Loafer is a 1996 Indian Bollywood film directed by David Dhawan and produced by Surinder Kapoor. It stars Anil Kapoor and Juhi Chawla in pivotal roles. The film was a remake of Telugu film titled Assembly Rowdy (1991) starring Divya Bharti and Mohan Babu which was remake of 1990 in Tamil film Velai Kidaichuduchu.
 Elmwood Place is a village in Hamilton County Ohio United States. The population was 2188 at the 2010 census. Except for a small portion which touches neighboring St. Bernard Elmwood Place is nearly surrounded by the city of Cincinnati.
 Miduthuru is a village in Andhra Pradesh India. It is located about 240 km from Hyderabad 30 km from Kurnool 9 km from Nandikotkur and 48 km from Nandyal.
 Nathan Fletcher (born December 31 1976) is an American politician businessman and educator who served two terms in the California State Assembly. He currently serves as a senior director of global strategic initiatives at Qualcomm Inc. and a Professor of Practice in Political Science at the University of California San Diego.
 Rubén Ángel Berríos Martínez (born June 21 1939) is a Puerto Rican politician attorney and writer and the current president of the Puerto Rican Independence Party (PIP). A former three-time Senator Berríos is a recurring PIP candidate for Governor of Puerto Rico for three decades although not consecutively for each elective term.He led the Navy-Culebra protests is a leader for the Cause of Vieques and was arrested and imprisoned for civil disobedience.
 Home Before Dark is the twenty-seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Neil Diamond. Released on May 5 2008; it was the artist's second album for American Recordings.Home Before Dark received generally positive reviews from critics upon its release and topped the national albums charts in the United States the United Kingdom and New Zealand.
 9/Tenths is a 2006 film directed by Bob Degus about the conflict between a wealthy couple and a poor laborer after a worldwide terrorist attack isolates them in a small remote ranch. The film stars Gabrielle Anwar Henry Ian Cusick and Dave Baez. The film was filmed outside of Los Angeles CA in Canyon Country. The world premiere of the film was at the 2006 Sedona International Film Festival on February 24 2006.
 Ragbeh (Persian: رگبه‎; also known as Jeysh and Rogbā) is a village in Naseri Rural District Khanafereh District Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1131 in 161 families.
 The Goring Hotel /ˈɡɔərɪŋ/ is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It is located near Buckingham Palace.
 Jim Tomes (born July 31 1948) is a Republican member of the Indiana Senate representing the 49th District since 2010. He received support from the Tea Party and is a proponent for typical conservative causes including smaller government with fewer regulations and oversight. For example he has supported measures to require Indiana public teachers to recite the Lord's Prayer. He has supported calls for legislation to allow anyone in Indiana to carry and conceal a handgun without a license.
 Oceans of Fantasy is the fourth studio album by Boney M. Released in September 1979 Oceans Of Fantasy became the second Boney M. album to top the UK charts and features hits El Lute / Gotta Go Home and I'm Born Again / Bahama Mama. The album had been preceded in the spring of 1979 by the single Hooray! Hooray! It's a Holi-Holiday (based on American folksong Polly Wolly Doodle) one of the band's biggest hits.
 Classic is a studio album from California indie hip hop group Living Legends. It was released in 2005.
 Fan Nedd is a mountain in the Fforest Fawr area of the Brecon Beacons National Park in Wales. In common with the rest of the Fforest Fawr uplands it is within the county of Powys.The hill is in the form of a broad flat-topped ridge whose summit lies at 663m (2175 ft) and is crowned by a trig point.
 Odontothelphusa is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae containing the following species:Odontothelphusa lacandona Alvarez & Villalobos 1998Odontothelphusa lacanjaensis Alvarez & Villalobos 1998Odontothelphusa maxillipes (Rathbun 1898)Odontothelphusa monodontis Rodríguez & Hobbs 1989Odontothelphusa palenquensis Alvarez & Villalobos 1998Odontothelphusa toninae Alvarez & Villalobos 1991↑
 Two Colors (1989) in Ukrainian Два Кольори - Ukrainian symphonic folk album by Kvitka Cisyk.
 The Mat-Su Valley Frontiersman is a newspaper serving the Matanuska-Susitna Valley of Alaska. It is owned by Wick Communications publishing every Tuesday Friday and Sunday. Future governor and vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin worked for the newspaper as a sports reporter.
 It's a Wonderful World (1939) is a romantic screwball comedy-mystery starring Claudette Colbert and James Stewart and directed by W. S. Van Dyke.
 The Iowa darter (Etheostoma exile) is a species of freshwater fish in the perch family (Percidae) of order Perciformes. The Iowa darter along with about 17 other species of darters is native to the lakes and streams of Iowa.In some parts of its range the Iowa darter is also known as the weed darter red-sided darter or yellowbelly. The Iowa darter like many other darters are about 2-3 in (51–76 mm) in length and may be easily confused with other darters of similar color.
 Lover Boy is the sixth album from Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti series originally released by Ballbearings Pinatas in 2002 as part of a two-CD set with House Arrest reissued in March 2006 as a single album on CD-R. The reissue includes a slightly different set of tracks from the original album cutting credit and one on one from the line-up and adding the live song You Are My Angel.
 Bouverie Place is a shopping centre located in Folkestone Kent England.It was opened in November 2007 with new stores previously not represented in Folkestone including Asda and their clothing store George along with Next British Home Stores(BHS) and HMV. Primark is now in the former BHS store.[citation needed]
 The Dead Father is a post-modernist novel by author Donald Barthelme published in 1975 by Farrar Straus and Giroux. The book relates the journey of a vaguely defined entity that symbolizes fatherhood hauled by a small group of people as the plot unravels through narratives anecdotes dialogues reflexions and allegories presented to the reader through the tools and constructions of postmodern literature in which the author excelled as a short story writer.
 The Stuart Range is a mountain range in central Washington USA. The range lies within the eastern extent of the Cascade Range immediately southwest of Leavenworth and runs east-west. The western peaks make up a single sharp ridge. The eastern half of the range splits into two parallel ridges the northern of which is known as the Enchantment Peaks. Between these ridges lies the Enchantment Basin which holds the dozens of tarns known as the Enchantment Lakes.
 Sass de Mura is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2547 metres.
 Krusza Podlotowa [ˈkruʂa pɔdlɔˈtɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Ab Sardeh (Persian: ابسرده‎ also Romanized as Āb Sardeh) is a village in Dinaran Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 370 in 86 families.
 Vratarite is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 All Hell Breaks Loose is the sixth full-length album by German thrash metal band Destruction. It was the first official album released since Cracked Brain in 1990 and the first with Schmier returning to vocals and bass since Release from Agony in 1988. It also marks the return of the band to a three-piece lineup. As of 2002 All Hell Breaks Loose sold over 3000 copies in the U.S.
 A Twist in the Tale is a 1988 collection of short stories by British author and politician Jeffrey Archer. The collection contains 12 stories which are listed below.
 Brian Mason (born October 12 1953) is a Canadian politician and current leader of the Alberta New Democrats (NDP). Mason was first elected as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta for Edmonton-Highlands-Norwood in a 2000 byelection and his career in politics spans more than 20 years. He was born in Calgary Alberta.Mason has lived in Edmonton-Highlands-Norwood for over 20 years. He and his wife Karin have two sons Peter and Alex.
 Cesonia is a genus of spider in the Gnaphosidae family.
 Monthly Afternoon (月刊アフタヌーン Gekkan Afutanūn) is a Japanese monthly seinen manga anthology published by Kodansha under the Afternoon line of magazines. The first issue was released with a cover date of January 25 1986. Each issue typically has around thirty ongoing stories by various authors and runs about 800 pages.
 Curious George Goes to the Hospital is a children's book written and illustrated by Margret Rey and H. A. Rey and published by Houghton Mifflin in 1966. It is the seventh and final book in the original Curious George series and tells the story of George's experiences in a hospital after swallowing a jigsaw puzzle piece. The book was written to ease the way for hospital-bound children.
 The Black Mountain Moth (Glacies coracina) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in northern Europe and in mountainous areas from Norway Sweden Finland Poland and northern Russia to Japan. It is also present in Great Britain Romania and Bulgaria and in the Alps. It is found on altitudes of up to 3000 meters.The wingspan is 18–24 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August and are day active.
 Donald A. Abraham is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Agonum is a large genus of ground beetles in the subfamily Harpalinae tribe Platynini. They are mid-sized to smallish beetles typically with dark metallic hues – often reddish or bronze but sometimes black green etc.The genus is generally native to the Holarctic and the Mediterranean region; their southern limit in Central Asia and the Himalaya region is less well understood and they seem to range outward a bit out of their core regions (e.g.
 Shawnigan Lake is a lake on southern Vancouver Island located to the west of Saanich Inlet and to the south of the Cowichan Valley region. It is the location and namesake of the village municipality of Shawnigan Lake British Columbia. Its aboriginal name in the Hunquminum language is Shaanii'us.
 When a Man Murders is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in the May 1954 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Three Witnesses published by the Viking Press in 1956.
 Lewis Mill Complex is a historic grist mill complex located at Jefferson Frederick County Maryland. The complex consists of seven standing structures a house foundation and the remains of an earlier millrace. It centers on an early-19th century three-story brick mill structure with a gabled roof. It was rehabilitated in 1979-1980 for use as a pottery shop.
 Olendry [ɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 The Secret of the Nagas is the second novel of the Shiva trilogy series by the Indian author Amish Tripathi. The story takes place in the imaginary land of Meluha and narrates how the inhabitants of that land are saved from their wars by a nomad named Shiva. It begins from where its predecessor The Immortals of Meluha left off with Shiva trying to save Sati from the invading Naga.
 Birdsongs of the Mesozoic is the eponymous first EP by the American Avant-rock band Birdsongs of the Mesozoic released in 1983 through Ace of Hearts Records.
 The E. C. Love House is a historic home in Quincy Florida United States. It is located at 219 North Jackson Street. On December 30 1974 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Una palabra tuya (English: One Word from You) is a Spanish 2008 movie based on the novel of the same name by Elvira Lindo.
 An American Dream (1965) is Norman Mailer's fourth novel published by Dial Press. Mailer wrote it in serialized form for Esquire consciously attempting to resurrect the methodology used by Charles Dickens and other earlier novelists with Mailer writing each chapter against monthly deadlines.
 Jasiowa Huta [jaˈɕɔva ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Nowa Karczma 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Kościerzyna and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 69.
 Casanova Brown is a 1944 American romantic comedy film directed by Sam Wood and starring Gary Cooper Teresa Wright and Frank Morgan. Written by Thomas Mitchell (the actor) Floyd Dell and Nunnally Johnson the film was nominated for three Academy Awards: for Best Score (Arthur Lange) Best Sound Recording (Thomas T. Moulton) and Best Art Direction (Perry Ferguson Julia Heron).
 Kormun (Persian: كرمون‎ also Romanized as Kormūn; also known as Kūrmūn) is a village in Shamil Rural District Takht District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 72 families.
 Terebra hemphilli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Wróblik Królewski [ˈvrublʲik kruˈlɛfskʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymanów within Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Rymanów 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Krosno and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 840.
 Tim Cassell is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives serving from 2004-2006.
 The De Anza Motor Lodge is a historic motel located on former U.S. Route 66 in the Upper Nob Hill neighborhood of Albuquerque New Mexico. It was built in 1939 by Charles G. Wallace a local trader of Zuni art and pottery who remained the owner until 1983. Wallace decorated the motel with a variety of Native American art including a series of murals by Zuni artist Tony Edaakie in a basement room. Commissioned in 1951 these murals are one of the De Anza's most notable features.
 Global Media and Communication is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of communication studies. The editors-in-chief are Daya K. Thussu (University of Westminster) John Downing (Southern Illinois University) Des Freedman (Goldsmiths) Clemencia Rodríguez (University of Oklahoma) and Yuezhi Zhao. It was established in 2005 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Guides to Growing Up is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver his first released on the Silverto label featuring performances by Silver with Eddie Harris Joe Diorio Bob Magnusson and Ron McCurdy with recitations by Bill Cosby and vocals by Weaver Copeland and Mahmu Pearl.In a 1981 interview Silver stated This is jazz and actually it's adult music. But it's music for everybody.
 Lodygin is a lunar crater to the southeast of the much larger crater Galois. To the east-northeast is the crater Paschen and to the south-southwest is the immense Apollo.The outer rim of Lodygin has been heavily damaged along the western and northwestern sides which lie closest to Galois. The rim along this face has been heavily modified and is overlain by multiple smaller craters. The remainder of the rim to the east and south are worn but relatively intact.
 Chah-e Pet (Persian: چاه پت‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Pet) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 All Things Must Pass is a triple album by English musician George Harrison released in November 1970. His third studio album it includes the hit singles My Sweet Lord and What Is Life as well as songs such as Isn't It a Pity and the title track that were turned down by Harrison's former band the Beatles.
 Caesura is Keith Kenniff's fourth studio album under his Helios moniker.
 The São José do Guapiara River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Shadow Club is a book written by Neal Shusterman about two middle school students Jared Mercer and Cheryl Gannett who see themselves as the second best students in their school at the activities that they do best.
 The Făgețel River is a tributary of the Camenca River in Romania.
 James Clancy (July 21 1844 – January 10 1921) was an Ontario farmer businessman and political figure. He represented Kent West in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1883 to 1894 and Bothwell in the Canadian House of Commons from 1896 to 1904 as a Conservative member.He was born in Mosa Township Middlesex County Canada West in 1844 the son of Patrick Clancy an Irish immigrant. In 1868 he married Emily McIntosh. He was a lumber merchant in Wallaceburg.
 Asadollah Abbasi (born 1961) is an Iranian politician who was minister of labor from 5 May until 15 August 2013.
 Piedra de Sol (Sunstone) is a poem by Octavio Paz written in 1957. It was praised as a magnificent example of surrealist poetry in the presentation speech of his Nobel Prize. It is a circular poem based on the circular Aztec calendar and consists of a single cyclical sentence reflecting the synodic period of the planet Venus. The poem has 584 corresponding to this 584-days period.
 Mighty Wind is an album that was released to celebrate gospel musician Andrae Crouch's 40th year of recording gospel music. Crouch was able to get many well-known gospel singers to guest star on the project including Marvin Winans (All Because of Jesus) Karen Clark-Sheard (Jesus Is Lord) Fred Hammond (Oh Give Thanks) and Crystal Lewis (We Give You Glory).
 A Song for You is a 1975 album by The Temptations. It features two R&B #1 hits: Happy People (originally intended for recording by its authors The Commodores) and Shakey Ground one of the group's final R&B #1 songs.The album features then-lead singer Dennis Edwards on the title track written by Leon Russell.
 Bolton Lake is a lake in the Hayes River drainage basin in Census Division No. 22 - Thompson-North Central Northern Region Manitoba Canada. The lake is at an elevation of 212 metres (696 ft); the main body of the lake is about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) long and 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) wide but an arm extends a further 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) for a total width of 19 km as well.
 The Anson Grange No. 88 in North Anson Maine is a Greek Revival building built in 1849. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Sándor Fazekas (born 3 May 1963) is a Hungarian jurist and politician. He has been Minister of Rural Development since 2010 in the cabinet of Prime Minister Viktor Orbán. He served as mayor of his hometown Karcag between 1990 and 2010.
 Slovac is a village situated in Lajkovac municipality in Serbia.
 Disneymania 4 is the fourth in the Disneymania series. This is the second Disneymania album with the Disney Channel Circle of Stars (though the album just calls them Disney Channel Stars) with a few additions such as Dylan and Cole Sprouse from The Suite Life of Zack & Cody. Other artists include Jonas Brothers Teddy Geiger and B5.
 The Trifthorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located west of Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It is located in the middle of the ridge connecting the Ober Gabelhorn from the Zinalrothorn.
 Sheyd Esfahan (Persian: شيداصفهان‎ also Romanized as Sheyd Eşfahān and Sheid Esfahan; also known as Shīr Eşfahān Shāh Eşfahān Shashivan Shāshiwān and Shāşofān) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2695 in 724 families.
 The Blue Monarch African Blue Tiger or Dappled Monarch (Tirumala petiverana) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in tropical Africa. The habitat consists of Afromontane lowland and riverine forests.The wingspan is 60–75 mm. There is one generation per year. Adults are on wing from February to May (with peaks in April) in Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Pergularia extensa Pergularia daemia Daemia Hoya and Marsdenia rubicunda.
 Showdown is an Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) compilation album covering their Harvest Records years. It is the first in a very long line of Electric Light Orchestra compilation albums. It was also the first time the hit single Showdown featured on an album in the UK.
 Houses at 364 and 390 Van Duzer Street are two historic homes located at Stapleton Staten Island New York. Number 364 Van Duzer Street is a 2 1⁄2-story clapboard-covered house with a gable roof. It features a tetrastyle portico with 2-story Doric order columns. Number 390 Van Duzer Street is a 2 1⁄2-story clapboard-covered house with an original 1 1⁄2-story kitchen wing. It features a tetrastyle portico with 2-story Corinthian order columns.
 Reversal of Fortune is a 2003 South Korean film directed by Park Yong-woon and starring Kim Seung-woo and Ha Ji-won. The film features several songs from Ha Ji-won's debut album Homerun.
 Rory O'Hanlon (born 7 February 1934) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cavan–Monaghan constituency from 1977 until 2011 and also served in a range of cabinet positions and as Ceann Comhairle of Dáil Éireann.
 Pete the Pedal Polisher is a 1915 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Jean Ann Kennedy Smith (February 20 1928) is an American diplomat and a former United States Ambassador to Ireland. She is the eighth of nine children born to Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. and Rose Fitzgerald and is their last surviving child. Her siblings include President John F. Kennedy Senator Robert F.
 Looking for Trouble is a 1934 American crime film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Spencer Tracy Jack Oakie and Constance Cummings. After he is rejected by a woman a man leaves his safe job and joins a gang that robs banks.
 Religion is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of Religious Studies. It was founded in 1971 with close ties to the Religious Studies program at the University of Lancaster. That program was founded and chaired by Ninian Smart and he served as the Chairman of the first editorial board.
 African Herbsman is a compilation of the Wailers songs released by Trojan Records in 1973 shortly after their major-label debut album Catch a Fire had been released by Island Records. The compilation is the UK equivalent of the Jamaican album Soul Revolution with the songs Memphis and Duppy Conqueror V/4 replaced by several other tracks from the period.
 The Exploradores Glacier is a glacier situated on the northeastern slope of Monte San Valentín in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile. The locality nearest to the glacier is Puerto Río Tranquilo which is located on the western shore of General Carrera Lake.The glacier is part of Laguna San Rafael National Park.
 Stephanie Clayton is a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives representing the 19th district (Overland Park in Johnson County). She has served since 2013.
 Trapt Live! is a live album by the American rock band Trapt released on September 18 2007 by Eleven Seven Music. The live album contains two new studio tracks Stay Alive and Everything to Lose while the rest was recorded during live performances. Stay Alive was released as a single in 2007.
 Lepetodrilus galriftensis is a species of small deep-sea sea snail a hydrothermal vent limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetodrilidae.
 Philenora aspectalella is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1864. It is found in Australia (Queensland New South Wales Victoria andthe southern part of Western Australia).The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are white with two jagged black bars across the forewings.
 Romanzo popolare (internationally released as Come Home and Meet My Wife) is a 1973 Italian comedy drama film directed by Mario Monicelli. The film won the David di Donatello for Best Script.
 Belorusskaya Lesnaya Gazeta is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus. It appears in the United States as an archived news version.
 The Book of Dust is an upcoming novel by Philip Pullman. It will be a companion novel to the His Dark Materials trilogy and will feature Lyra Belacqua as a main character.
 Head over Heels is the ninth album by the country rock band Poco and their first on ABC Records. Schmit's Keep On Tryin' shows off the band's skills in harmonizing and became a cut that the band played in concert for many years. It also contains Rusty Young performing his first lead vocal on a Poco album on the track Us and a recording of the rare Steely Dan song Dallas.
 Gundbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Rotenbach (Jagst) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Guri (Persian: گوري‎ also Romanized as Gūrī) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 17 families.
 Jeff Leach (born June 10 1982) is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives for District 67. The district includes portions of Plano Allen Richardson and Dallas in Collin County.
 Nancy Torresen (born 1959) is a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the District of Maine. The United States Senate confirmed Torresen by unanimous consent on October 3 2011. She received her judicial commission on October 4 2011.
 Macrocneme thyra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Möschler in 1883. It is found in Surinam Peru Brazil (Para) Trinidad Colombia and Bolivia.
 Beecher Bible and Rifle Church is a historic church at the southeastern corner of Chapel and Elm Streets in Wabaunsee Kansas. The church is named after Rev. Henry Ward Beecher a financial backer for the town who helped smuggle rifles past pro-slavery forces in crates marked Beecher's Bibles.
 Vladimir Makarovich Velichko (Russian: Владимир Макарович Величко; Mozhayskoye Novousmanskogo 23 April 1937) was a Soviet official and entrepreneur appointed as the First Deputy Prime Minister of the Cabinet of Ministers in 1991.
 Life Cycle is an album featuring solo cello performances by Dave Holland recorded in 1982 and released on the ECM label.
 Tarzan and the Lion Man is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the seventeenth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. The novel was originally serialized in the magazine Liberty from November 1933 through January 1935. It is the closest thing to a pure comic novel in the Tarzan series with Burroughs wildly satirizing Hollywood's treatment of the Tarzan character and even spoofing his own work.
 A Tiger Walks is a 1964 family drama film directed by Norman Tokar and produced by Walt Disney Productions. It is based on a novel of the same name by Ian Niall. Vera Miles and Brian Keith star. This was Indian actor Sabu's last film released only a few months after his death.
 Sketches of Frank Gehry is a 2006 American documentary film directed by Sydney Pollack and produced by Ultan Guilfoyle about the life and work of the Canadian-American architect Frank Gehry. The film was screened out of competition at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival. Pollack and Gehry had been friends and mutual admirers for years.
 Eleutherodactylus philipi is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Original Album Classics is a box set compilation by guitarist Joe Satriani released on June 16 2008 through Epic Records. It contains five studio albums on separate discs: Not of This Earth (1986) Flying in a Blue Dream (1989) The Extremist (1992) Joe Satriani (1995) and Crystal Planet (1998).
 The Shulaps Range is a subrange of the Chilcotin Ranges subset of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwest-central British Columbia. The range is 55 km NW–SE and 15 km SW–NE and 2970 km² (1150 mi²) in area.The range is fairly high in elevation with dryland-type summits with some very small icefields. Its highest summits are Shulaps Peak 2880 m (9449 ft) and Big Dog Mountain 2862 m (9390 ft).
 Driftglass is a 1971 collection of science fiction short stories by Samuel R. Delany. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Worlds of Tomorrow The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction If and New Worlds or the anthologies Quark/3 Dangerous Visions and Alchemy & Academe.
 The Hearthstone Historic House Museum is a historic home in Appleton Wisconsin United States that has been converted into a museum. On September 30 1882 it became the first residence in the world powered by a centrally located hydroelectric station using the Edison system. At that time the house was the residence of Henry James Rogers a paper company executive and entrepreneur. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 2 1974.
 Breakaway is the second solo album by Art Garfunkel. It was released in 1975 on Columbia Records. It was produced by Richard Perry who has produced albums for other artists such as Carly Simon. It includes three Top 40 singles: I Only Have Eyes For You (US #18 UK #1) Break Away (US #39) and the Simon And Garfunkel reunion duet My Little Town which peaked at #9. I Only Have Eyes For You is noted also for being Garfunkel's first #1 single in the UK.
 PS I Scored The Bridesmaids is a 2005 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and the fourth in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
 Martin Winter was the first elected mayor of Doncaster England. He became the first elected mayor of Doncaster in 2002 and successfully defended his position in 2005. Twice elected as the Labour candidate he subsequently left the party and completed his final term as an independent.
 That Is Why You're Overweight is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1976 and released on the Atlantic label.
 The Waianakarua River is a river in North Otago New Zealand flowing into the Pacific Ocean. It is crossed by Highway 1 at Waianakarua south of Herbert by an old historic bridge.
 Cochranella tangarana is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Broströmmen is a river in Sweden.
 Sohryuden: Legend of the Dragon Kings (創竜伝 Sōryūden) is a set of novels based loosely on Chinese mythology.It was written by Yoshiki Tanaka in collaboration with Japanese illustrator Yoshitaka Amano (Kodansha Novels edition) and manga artist group Clamp (Kodansha bunkobon). It is written with a humorous and satirical tone.
 Life Scars Apologies is the second full-length studio album released on August 6 2010 by alternative metal band Since October through Tooth and Nail Records . It is their second full-length to be released on Tooth & Nail Records.
 Diego de Melo Coutinho was an Portuguese navigator co-discoverer of the Azores Islands
 Agus Amàrach an EP is the first CD released by Mistle Thrush a goth-identified band based in Boston Massachusetts. It came out in 1994 on Washington D.C.-based Bedazzled Records (catalog #BDZ19). It was followed by the band's debut full-length Silt in 1995. Agus amàrach is Celtic and translates as and tomorrow.
 Almost a Honeymoon is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Clifford Mollison Dodo Watts and Donald Calthrop. It was based on the play Almost a Honeymoon by Walter Ellis. A second adaptation was made in 1938. It was made by British International Pictures at their Elstree Studios. An ambitious young man secures a job in the colonial service the only stipulation being that he needs to be married which he isn't.
 One of Ours is a novel by Willa Cather that won the 1923 Pulitzer Prize. It tells the story of the life of Claude Wheeler a Nebraska native around the turn of the 20th century. The son of a successful farmer and an intensely pious mother he is guaranteed a comfortable livelihood. Nevertheless Wheeler views himself as a victim of his father's success and his own inexplicable malaise.
 Świerzów [ˈɕfjɛʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Cruel Shoes is a collection of offbeat mostly humorous essays and short stories by Steve Martin and his first published book and is also the title of one of the pieces therein a satirical short-short story about a woman in a shoe store.Cruel Shoes was originally released in 1977 as a handmade limited edition of 750 signed and numbered books published by Press of the Pegacycle Lady (Victoria Dailey). The cover is just pale paper over pressboard.
 Mom at Sixteen is a 2005 Lifetime Television film about a sixteen-year-old mother dealing with problems at school and her decaying relationship with her mother because of her seeing her boyfriend for the first time since before her son was born.
 The New River part of the Ohio River watershed is a tributary of the Kanawha River about 320 mi (515 km) long. The river flows through the U.S. states of North Carolina Virginia and West Virginia.
 Marcel Pilet-Golaz (December 31 1889 – April 11 1958) was a Swiss politician.He was elected to the Swiss Federal Council on December 13 1928 and handed over office on December 31 1944.
 Poggio Casalino is a village (curazia) located in San Marino. It belongs to the municipality (castello) of Chiesanuova.
 The Best of Scarface is a second compilation album by rapper Scarface. First compilation album was Greatest Hits.
 Atlas is an album by the Mexican Avanzada Regia electro-pop band Kinky. It was released on December 2 2003 on Nettwerk.Track 2 The Headphonist features vocals by John McCrea lead singer of the American band CAKE.
 Lineatriton orchimelas is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family. It is endemic to Mexico. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Teri Payal Mere Geet is a Hindi movie produced by Prem Lalwani; starring Govinda (actor) and Meenakshi Sheshadri. The movie was directed by Rehman Naushad and was released in 1993.
 Bang! is a 1977 Swedish drama film directed by Jan Troell. It was entered into the 1977 Cannes Film Festival. Håkan Serner won the award for Best Actor at the 13th Guldbagge Awards.
 Chvaleč is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It is located near the border with Poland.
 The Sidney Waterworks and Electric Light Building is a historic structure on the east side of Sidney Ohio United States. Erected in 1873 the building is a former waterworks and power plant for the city. This four-story brick building is the third-oldest waterworks in southwestern Ohio preceded only by those in Cincinnati and Dayton.
 Niwiska [niˈviska] is a village and the seat of the rural gmina (administrative district) of Gmina Niwiska (Niwiska Commune) in Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Kolbuszowa and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Lake Tihu is a lake of Estonia.
 The redhook myleus Myloplus rubripinnis is a medium to large omnivorious fish of the family Serrasalmidae found in the Amazon River in Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela. It is peaceful and schools often and can grow to a length of 11 in. They are also called the redhook silver dollar and are one of the fish referred to as silver dollars. These fish are capable of delivering serious bites to humans.
 Mount Tengu (天狗岳 Tengu-dake) is a 2646m mountain on the border of Chino and Koumi of Nagano in Japan. This mountain is the highest mountains of Northern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group.
 Kaweah Queen is a mountain along Kaweah peaks ridge which forms part of the Great Western Divide in the Sierra Nevada. The peak is in California's Sequoia National Park.
 The Jonathan Singletary Dunham House located in Woodbridge Township Middlesex County New Jersey United States (the state's first Township chartered on June 1 1669 by King Charles II of England) is a house that was built around 1700 by Jonathan Singletary Dunham (January 17 1640 – September 6 1724) an early American settler and freeholder who built the first gristmill in New Jersey nearby the house.Jonathan Dunham was born in Newbury Massachusetts and married Mary Bloomfield with whom he later moved to present day New Jersey. 
 Desafío en Río Bravo is a 1965 Italian film directed by Tulio Dimicheli.
 Sean Maguire was the first album released by the former EastEnders star Sean Maguire. Maguire released three singles from the album Someone To Love Take This Time and Suddenly. The album reached number 75 and only spent one week in the UK album chart.
 The Cathedral of Saint Paul — informally known as Saint Paul's Cathedral — is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Birmingham in Alabama in Birmingham Alabama. Designed by Chicago architect Adolphus Druiding the Victorian Gothic-style brick building was completed as a parish church in 1893.
 Fotonovela is a 2008 comedy Spanish language movie directed by Robert Kubilos that was released in the autumn of 2008 (September 16). Its budget is estimated to $150000. The movie was released on DVD at the same time. It lasts 90 minutes and it is produced under Maya Entertainment.It stars Rafael Amaya Elizabeth Gutiérrez and Veronica Diaz.
 Mount Aino (間ノ岳 Aino-dake) or Ainodake is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains. At 3189 m (10463 ft) its peak lies in the Akaishi Mountains (referred to as the Southern Alps) of Japan on the border of Aoi-ku Shizuoka Shizuoka Prefecture and Minami-Alps Yamanashi Prefecture. It is the fourth tallest peak in Japan and the second highest in the Akaishi Mountains.
 Sengkang Community Hub (Simplified Chinese: 盛港社区中心) is an amenity centre in Sengkang within the North-East Region of Singapore. The amenity centre is located in the town centre of Sengkang New Town. It serves to provide a one-stop access to community educational health care security and counselling services for the residents of Sengkang New Town.
 Greatest Hits Vol. 1 is the first greatest hits package released by American country music artist Doug Stone. Nine of the album's ten tracks were previously included on his first four studio albums; the tenth track the newly recorded Little Houses was issued as a single in 1994 peaking at #7 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. This was also his last album for Epic Records.
 North (French: Nord) is a 1960 novel by the French writer Louis-Ferdinand Céline. The story is based on Céline's escape from France to Denmark after the invasion of Normandy after he had been associated with the Vichy regime. It is the second published part although chronologically the first in a trilogy about these experiences; it was preceded by Castle to Castle from 1957 and followed by Rigadoon published posthumously in 1969. It was the last book Céline published during his lifetime.
 Carcelia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Stark is a 1993 British-Australian television miniseries based on the bestselling novel Stark by comedian Ben Elton. The three-episode series directed by Nadia Tass was an international coproduction between the British Broadcasting Corporation and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
 Heteroclinus eckloniae the Kelp weedfish is a species of clinid native to the Indo-Pacific waters of the southern coast of Australia where it can be found in kelp and algal reefs. This species can reach a maximum length of 11 centimetres (4.3 in) TL.
 Colourform is a music album by electronic artist Higher Intelligence Agency which was released in 1993.
 Prądnik [ˈprɔndnik] (German: Hauswerder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz within Myślibórz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Desabhimani is a Malayalam newspaper and the organ of the Kerala State Committee of the Communist Party of India (Marxist). Started as a weekly in Kozhikode on September 6 1942 and converted to a daily in 1946. Deshabhimani now has nine different printing centres: Kozhikode Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Kannur Kottayam Trichur Malappuram Banglore and Bahrin. According to the National Readership Survey of 1995 Desabhimani was the third largest newspaper in Kerala. At present V. V.
 Gold is Where You Find It is a 1938 American romantic drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring George Brent Olivia de Havilland and Claude Rains. Based on a story by Clements Ripley with a screenplay by Warren Duff and Robert Buckner the film is about the rivalry between farmers and miners in the Sacramento valley during the years following the California Gold Rush. The feud between two families is complicated when a man from one family and a woman from the other fall in love.
 LeRoy E. Myers Jr. (born October 8 1951) is an American politician from the U.S. state of Maryland.
 Louis Audet Lapointe (May 16 1860 – February 7 1920) was a liquor merchant wholesaler and political figure in Quebec. He represented St. James in the Canadian House of Commons from 1911 to 1920 as a Liberal.He was born in Contrecœur Canada East the son of Louis Audet-Lapointe and Marguerite-Adéas Dupré and was educated in Terrebonne at the Collège de Varennes and at the Montreal Business College. In 1879 he married Léocadie-Azilda Brunet.
 Emaft (Persian: امافت‎ also Romanized as Emāft) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 29 families.
 What If... is the seventh full-length studio album by the American rock band Mr. Big which was released on January 21 2011 through Frontiers Records.
 Cerithiovermetus is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Vermetidae the worm snails or worm shells.
 The Man Who Folded Himself is a 1973 science fiction novel by David Gerrold that deals with time travel. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1973 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1974. The book explores the psychological physical and personal challenges that manifest when time travel is possible for a single individual at the touch of a button.
 Conflict of Interest is a 1993 independent action film directed by Gary Davis.
 Brown Peak is a stratovolcano and the highest point of the Balleny Islands. It is situated on the northern part of Sturge Island.
 Microlepidogaster perforatus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Carandaí River. This species grows to a length of 5.0 centimetres (2.0 in) SL.
 Suresh Kumar Shetkar (born 8 August 1960) is an Indian politician and a member of the 15th Lok Sabha. He belongs to the Indian National Congress political party and represents Zahirabad constituency in Andhra Pradesh state.
 Lynn B. Herman is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He is a 1974 graduate of Philipsburg-Osceola Area High School. He earned a B.A. in 1978 and an M.P.A. in 1980 from the University of Pittsburgh.He was first elected to represent the 77th legislative district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1982. He retired prior to the 2006 elections.
 Disconnect From Desire is the second album by School of Seven Bells. It was released on July 12 2010 through Full Time Hobby and re-released on July 13 2010 through Vagrant Records/Ghostly International in the U.S. It debuted at #200 on the Billboard 200. A limited edition version of the album was released in a box set containing 10 exclusive tarot cards and an alternate version of their first album Alpinisms
 Star of the Guardians is a series of fantasy novels by Margaret Weis. The series consists of four volumes: The Lost King King's Test King's Sacrifice Ghost LegionStar of the Guardians is a series of four science fiction / space opera novels written by Margaret Weis without assistance from usual co-author Tracy Hickman. The original trilogy The Lost King King's Test and King's Sacrifice concerns Dion's adventures and eventual rise to the throne.
 Loni Haveli is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.
 Tom Shively (born November 11 1946) is a Democratic member of the Missouri House of Representatives. He represents the 8th District encompassing all or portions of Linn Macon Shelby and Sullivan counties. Due to Missouri House redistricting Shively ran for the newly created Missouri House 5th district in November 2012. He lost to Republican Lindell Shumake who until redistricting had represented the Missouri House 6th district.
 Dąbkowice [dɔmpkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Wągrowiec and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 22.
 The Hochwilde or Hohe Wilde (Italian: Altissima) is a mountain in the Ötztal Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Ghost Train: The Studio B Sessions is the 17th studio album of country music singer Marty Stuart. The album was long-awaited by fans of Stuart as most of the songs had already featured on The Marty Stuart Show Stuart's country/bluegrass show on RFD-TV. It was recorded in the historic RCA Studio B in Nashville which was being used by the Country Music Hall of Fame as a type of museum until Marty asked to use the Home of a Thousand Hits to record 'Ghost Train'.
 Rogers Lake (Ktunaxa: q̓awisq̓nuk ) is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Rogers Lake is situated in the Camas Valley and is 1 mile (1.6 km) southwest of Trout Lake. Nearby mountains include Rogers Peak to the north.
 Nella città l'inferno (Behind Closed Shutters) is a 1959 Italian film directed by Renato Castellani.
 The William Sturgis House was built by cattle baron William Sturgis in Cheyenne Wyoming in 1884. The Shingle Style house was designed by architect George D. Rainsford a New York architect who moved to Wyoming to raise Morgan horses and Clydesdales.
 The Patriot is the third studio album by Ukrainian folk metal band Holy Blood released on June 30 2008. A professional music video was shot for the title song by Jmak Agency.
 The Manila Hotel is a 570-room historic five-star hotel located along Manila Bay in Manila Philippines. The hotel is the oldest premiere hotel in the Philippines built in 1909 to rival Malacañang Palace the official residence of the President of the Philippines and was opened on the commemoration of American Independence on July 4 1912. The hotel complex was built on a reclaimed area of 35000 square metres (380000 sq ft) at the northwestern end of Rizal Park along Bonifacio Drive.
 Batman Begins is a 2005 British-American superhero film based on the fictional DC Comics character Batman co-written and directed by Christopher Nolan. It stars Christian Bale as Batman along with Michael Caine Liam Neeson Katie Holmes Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman.
 Ezzatabad (Persian: عزت اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Ezzatābād) is a village in Takab Rural District in the Central District of Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 9 families.
 The Rusty-bellied Brush Finch (Atlapetes nationi) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family. It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
 Bryotropha azovica is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Bulgaria Greece the Republic of Macedonia Cyprus Turkey and Ukraine.The wingspan is 11–14 mm. The forewings are ochreous brown to dark brown with a slight orange tinge. The hindwings are pale ochreous brown at the base but substantially darker towards the apex. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to July and again from late September to early October.
 Dikmetaş is a village in the District of Demirözü Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 226 people.
 The Mangler is a short story by Stephen King first published in the December 1972 issue of Cavalier magazine and later collected in King's 1978 collection Night Shift.
 Contours is the second album by American saxophonist Sam Rivers recorded in 1965 and released on the Blue Note label. The CD reissue contains an alternate take as a bonus track.
 Jean-Michel Ferrand (born August 31 1942 in Gardanne Bouches-du-Rhône) was a member of the National Assembly of France. He represented the Vaucluse department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. He lost his seat in the run-off of the parliamentary elections of the 17th June 2012 against Marion Maréchal-Le Pen. Jean-Michel Ferrand is well known for his gaudy appearance and meridional loquacity.
 Free Fall is the fourth studio album by the New Flamenco artist Jesse Cook. Musicians vary by track including Jesse Cook Art Avalos Mario Melo Paul Antonio Etric Lyons Steven Greenman Ron Allen Rick Shadrach Lazar Djivan Gasparyan George Gao Ron Allen Kathleen Kajioka Nancy Cardwell Danny Wilde Peter Cardinali and Kevin Laliberte. Fall At Your Feet has a live performance of Mario Takes a Walk appended to it.
 The Granville Fuller House is a Queen Anne-style home located at 2027 Galena St in Aurora Colorado United States. It was built in 1892 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house is one of only a few surviving and intact houses commissioned by Aurora’s founder real estate developer Donald Fletcher.
 We Came to Kill is the second studio album by German band Funker Vogt released in 1997.
 Dalab (Persian: دالاب‎ also Romanized as Dālāb) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Fyra Bugg & en Coca Cola also known as 4 Bugg & en Coca Cola was released on 13 April 1987 and is a studio album from Swedish pop singer Lotta Engberg. It was her debut album.
 Los Pinos (from Spanish The Pines) is the official residence and office of the President of Mexico. Located in the Bosque de Chapultepec (Chapultepec Forest) in central Mexico City it became the presidential seat in 1934 when Gen. Lázaro Cárdenas became the first president to live here. The term Los Pinos has become a metonym for the Presidency of Mexico.
 The Oeldorf Building also known as Wetherell's Jewelers is a historic commercial building located at Parkersburg in Wood County West Virginia United States. It was built in 1906 and is a four-story two bay brick building with a stone foundation and trim in the Classical Revival style.
 Barbara L. Toles was a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 17th Assembly District since a special election in January 2004. She was not a candidate for re-election in 2012. Toles resigned in July 2012.
 Chiloglanis emarginatus the Phongolo suckermout is a species of upside-down catfish native to Mozambique South Africa Swaziland and Zimbabwe where it occurs in the Pongola Komati Pungwe and the middle to lower Zambezi Rivers. This species grows to a length of 6.5 centimetres (2.6 in) SL. This fish is of minor importance in local fisheries.
 Fallen Angels: Six Noir Tales Told for Television is a 1993 anthology published by Grove Press as a tie-in to the Showtime television series Fallen Angels that appeared in the fall of 1993.The book contains six stories by six masters of hard-boiled noir and the teleplays for their film adaptations.The hard-boiled stories were written by: Raymond Chandler Jim Thompson William Campbell Gault Cornell Woolrich Jonathan Craig and James Ellroy.Preface: by James Ellroy.
 Unearthed is the first full-length album by Crimson Thorn.This album has been produced by 3 different record labels. The first issuewas released by Atomic Records but was discontinued due to the low qualityproduction. Then R.E.X. Records picked up the album and made it a better producedalbum. When they went under the R.E.X. Records version of Unearthed became a sought afteritem. The album was then produced by Morphine Records.
 The Molidiș River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 Khvajeh Mordeh (Persian: خواجه مرده‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Mordeh) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Quiet Killer is a 1992 made-for-TV medical disaster film directed by Sheldon Larry. The thriller based on the 1977 novel The Black Death by Gwyneth Cravens and John S. Marr and adapted by I. C. Rapoport stars Kate Jackson and was originally broadcast on CBS. The film was released on VHS under the title Black Death.
 The East Yangon General Hospital (Burmese: ရန်ကုန် အရှေ့ပိုင်း ဆေးရုံ) is a public general hospital located in Botataung township Yangon Myanmar. It consists of a medical ward a surgical ward a pediatric ward and an obstetrics and gynecology ward. The hospital also runs an ER for general medicine general surgery and traumatology.
 Eskeleh (Persian: اسكله‎; also known as Kūy-e Faraḩbakhsh and Kū-ye Faraḩ Bakhsh) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Torkaman County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Orthomecyna is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family. All species are endemic to Hawaii.
 The Hatter's Ghost (French: Les Fantômes du chapelier) is a 1982 film directed by Claude Chabrol. It is based on the 1947 novel Le Petit Tailleur et le Chapelier by Georges Simenon. The film takes place in Brittany and was shot in the towns of Concarneau and Quimper.
 Ilema virescens is a moth in the Lymantriidae family. It is found in India.
 Yishu: Journal of Contemporary Chinese Art is the first English language journal to focus on contemporary Chinese art and culture. Each bi-monthly issue features scholarly essays on topical issues interviews with artists and curators conference proceedings and critical commentary on exhibitions and books.
 The G.A.R. Hall is a historic Grand Army of the Republic Hall at 55 Pearl Street in Worcester Massachusetts.The Stick/Eastlake style hall was built in 1876 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Maiden Paps are twin hills located in Caithness Scotland that have the shape of human breasts.
 Guzoni Tappeh (Persian: گوزني تپه‎ also Romanized as Gūzonī Tappeh) is a village in Aqabad Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 65 families.
 Cochranella ramirezi is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 The Istanbul Archaeology Museums (Turkish: İstanbul Arkeoloji Müzeleri) is a group of three archeological museums located in the Eminönü district of Istanbul Turkey near Gülhane Park and Topkapı Palace.The Istanbul Archaeology Museums consists of three museums. Archaeological Museum (in the main building)Museum of the Ancient OrientMuseum of Islamic Art (in the Tiled Kiosk).It houses over one million objects that represent almost all of the eras and civilizations in world history.
 Richard F. Ric Williamson (January 25 1952 – December 30 2007) was the chairman of the Texas Transportation Commission and a former Democrat-turned-Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives. As a resident of Weatherford he represented from 1985-1999 District 61 (Parker and Wise counties) located west of Fort Worth.
 Steven J. Green (born 1945) is an American businessman and Honorary Consul General of the Republic of Singapore in Miami Florida. He was the United States Ambassador to Singapore from 1997 to 2001.
 Love Enhanced Single Collection is Namie Amuro's second singles collection under the Avex Trax label. The album covers 11 of the 12 singles she released after returning from a one year maternity leave in 1998. The album excludes the single Toi et Moi which can only be found on its retailed single. The single was also excluded from her Genius 2000 album.
 Bölüntü is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 318 people.
 Emmett Stone is a 1985 Australian film based on a play by Michael Gurr.
 Sporwiny [spɔrˈvʲinɨ] (German Sporwienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Guillaume-Eugène Chinic (October 26 1818 – April 28 1889) was a Canadian businessman and politician.Born in Quebec City he was one of the founders of the District Bank of Quebec (now the National Bank of Canada). In 1873 he was summoned to the Canadian Senate representing the senatorial division of Gulf Quebec. He sat as a Conservative and resigned in 1882.He is buried in Cimetière Notre-Dame-de-Belmont.
 Causeway Point (Chinese: 长堤坊) is the seventh largest suburban shopping mall in Singapore located in the town centre of Woodlands a town in the north of Singapore. Located beside the Woodlands MRT station and the underground Woodlands Regional Bus Interchange it has 250 retail outlets spread over seven floors and two basement levels.Among all the shopping malls in Singapore this one is the closest to Malaysia.
 Ursula Ulla Schmidt (born June 13 1949) is a German politician. She is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).
 Modulus is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Modulidae.
 Askjelldalsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Vaksdal in Hordaland county Norway.
 Arthur Thomas Colten known as Tom Colten (October 21 1922 – December 5 2004) was a Louisiana newspaperman and politician from the 1950s to the 1990s who rose from a small-town mayoralty position to head his state's Department of Transportation and Development under three governors from both parties. Colten was also active in the slow process of establishing a viable Republican Party in his adopted state.
 St. Timothy's Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic church at 226 SE. 3rd Street in Massillon Ohio.It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Ron Gould (born August 31 1965) is a small business owner and Republican member of the Arizona Senate from Lake Havasu City representing the 3rd Senate District.
 The Sword of Conan is a collection of four fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian first published in hardcover by Gnome Press in 1952. The stories originally appeared in the 1930s in the fantasy magazine Weird Tales.
 The Râul Satului is a tributary of the Bălășița River in Romania.
 Zsigmond Járai (born 29 December 1951) is a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Finance between 1998 and 2000. He was the President of the Budapest Stock Exchange between 1996 and 1998. After his ministership he was appointed President of the Hungarian National Bank. Járai was succeeded by András Simor in 2007.
 The Dassower See (German for Dassow lake) is a lake of the delta of Trave bay northeast of Lübeck (Schleswig-Holstein) on the Baltic Sea.The town of Dassow in the district Nordwestmecklenburg is the only large settlement at the lake bank. The Dassower See (Dassow Lake) is a side bay of the Trave adjacent to the Baltic Sea.
 Getting to the Point is the second studio album by the British rock band Savoy Brown. It marks the debut of a vastly different lineup still led by Kim Simmonds but fronted by new vocalist Chris Youlden.It was released by Decca in 1968 with catalog number SLK 4935 and finds the group taking on more of the songwriting load as opposed to their debut which consisted mostly of covers.
 In the Forests of Serre is a 2003 fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip. It was nominated for the 2004 Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Adult Literature.
 Malaysian Idol 2 is the self titled compilation released by the finalists of Malaysian Idol 2.
 Satronia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Newark Targum is a weekly student newspaper published by the TargumPublishing Company for the student population of the Newark campus of Rutgers University. It is a weekly paper with a circulation of 5000 copies printed each Wednesday during the academic year.
 Normal is the seventh studio album by recording artist Ron Bumblefoot Thal released in December 2005. Thal also appears in a video of the song Real directed by William Knight.Normal brings you into the world of an insane musician who takes medication and experiences what it's like to be 'normal' for the first time. The only problem is that the medicine silences his ability to make music. Eventually he must choose which life he wants.
 U2 Live at Red Rocks: Under a Blood Red Sky is a concert film by Irish rock band U2. It was recorded on 5 June 1983 at Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Colorado United States on the group's War Tour. Originally released in 1984 on videocassette U2 Live at Red Rocks was the band's first video release. It accompanied a 1983 live album entitled Under a Blood Red Sky on which two tracks from the film appear.
 Mount Ulandra is a mountain with an elevation of 761 metres (2497 ft) AHD  that it located within the Ulandra Nature Reserve in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales Australia.The mountain is located approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of Cootamundra and 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) south-east of Bethungra.Atop the mountain are telecommunications towers including television broadcast towers for all television networks covering much of the Riverina region.
 The Remix Collection is a 1995 remix LP for R&B group Boyz II Men issued by Motown Records. Released against the group's wishes it began a chain of events that led to the eventual dissolution of Boyz II Men's relationship with Motown.[citation needed]
 Gods of the Plague (German: Götter der Pest) is a 1970 West German black-and-white drama film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder.
 The Beauty Process is the fifth album by the Los Angeles band L7. Recorded in late 1996 and released in February 1997 the album was favored by critics yet dismissed by many earlier fans of the band.[citation needed]The bass guitarist Jennifer Finch left the band during the recording and was briefly replaced by Greta Brinkman. (Gail Greenwood formerly of Belly joined after Brinkman's departure).
 Urad [ˈurat] (formerly German Aurith) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cybinka within Słubice County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border.
 Nacoleia amphicedalis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland and New South Wales).The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults are white with brown markings including broad brown wing margins.
 My Teacher's Wife is an 1999 teen sex comedy film directed by Bruce Leddy and written by Seth Greenland. Originally titled Bad With Numbers the story follows the travails of Southport High School senior Todd Boomer (Jason London) whose lifelong dream of going to Harvard is derailed by his hard-nosed calculus teacher Mr. Mueller (Christopher McDonald). When Todd enlists the tutoring help of the sexy and mysterious Vicki (Tia Carrere) things go from bad to worse.
 Dark Medieval Times is the debut studio album by Norwegian black metal band Satyricon. It was recorded in August and September 1993 and released in 1994 through Moonfog Productions. It is now out of print and original pressings of the CD are getting harder to find.
 The Little White Car is a novel by British author Dan Rhodes published under the pen name Danuta de Rhodes in 2004 by Canongate and has been translated into 12 languages. The book is based around the evidence that the car carrying Diana Princess of Wales was in collision with a white Fiat Uno just before it crashed on 31 August 1997.
 Hotham Inlet is an arm of Kotzebue Sound on the northwestern coast of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is 50 miles (80 km) long and 5–20 miles (8–32 km) wide. The inlet is the outlet of the Kobuk and Selawik Rivers and it is bounded on the southwest by the Baldwin Peninsula.This inlet was named in 1826 by Royal Navy Captain Frederick William Beechey after Sir Henry Hotham one of the lords of the British Admiralty.
 The Warning is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Reginald Fogwell and starring Percy Marmont Fern Andra and Anne Grey. It is also known by the alternative title Introspection. It was made at Welwyn Studios. It was originally released silent but in 1930 it was re-released with added sound. A mother tries to persuade her daughter from eloping.
 Roshd Biological Education is a quarterly science educational magazine covering recent developments in biology and biology education for a biology teacher Persian -speaking audience. Founded in 1985 it is published by The Teaching Aids Publication Bureau Organization for Educational Planning and Research Ministry of Education Iran.
 Calliostoma nobile common name the noble top shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Omphalotukaia)
 The Mountain Frog or Red And Yellow Mountain Frog (Philoria kundagungan) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.
 Ad Astra is the quarterly magazine of the National Space Society (NSS). The name literally means To the Stars. The magazine came into being following the merger of the L5 Society and the National Space Institute which became the NSS in 1987. Since 2008 the magazine is published by MM Publishing.Imaginova Corporation publisher of Space.com published Ad Astra from 2005 to 2008 and still maintains a website for Ad Astra Online at Space.com replacing the previous publisher.
 Mysterium is an album of contemporary classical music by New York avant-garde composer John Zorn.
 Death Ray was a British magazine devoted to science fiction and fantasy in all its forms especially media-related topics and novels. It was published every two months with the first issue going on sale in May 2007. Typical issues were 132 pages perfect bound on glossy paper.
 Bannister Hall and Baynard House is a national historic district located near Smyrna Kent County Delaware. It includes structures dating from 1750. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Nina Simone at the Village Gate (1962) is an album by singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone (1933-2003). It was her third live album for Colpix recorded at The Village Gate. It is particularly notable for the amount of folk songs and African related songs on the album early in Simone's career. Richard Pryor had one of his first nights as a comedian opening for her. Simone about Pryor's first night: He shook like he had malaria he was so nervous.
 The Glorious Resolve: Death Before Disgrace is a 2011 Pakistani documentary film made by the Inter-Services Public Relations department of the Pakistani military. It was created specifically to counter Taliban and Al-Qaeda propaganda videos by depicting the army and the fight against terror in a positive light.Glorious Resolve won Jury special award in the recently held International film festival Eserciti-e-Popoli held at Bracciano Italy.
 The Paroșul Mare River is a headwater of the Paroş River in Romania.
 Diva is a 1981 French thriller film directed by Jean-Jacques Beineix adapted from the novel Diva by Daniel Odier (under the pseudonym Delacorta). It is one of the first French films to let go of the realist mood of 1970s French cinema and return to a colourful melodic style later described as cinéma du look.The film made a successful debut in France in 1981 with 2281569 admissions and had success in the US the next year grossing $2678103.
 Coastal Engineering Journal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering achievements and engineering practices in the fields of coastal harbor and offshore engineering. The journal is published by World Scientific and is intended to cover not only fundamental studies on analytical models numerical computation and laboratory experiments but also results of field measurements and case studies of real projects .
 Palabra de honor is a 1939 Argentine comedy film directed by Luis Cesar Amadori. The film premiered on May 10 1939 in Buenos Aires and starred Luis Sandrini.
 An alphabiography is an autobiography often set as an English studies project for high school or college students consisting of a set of twenty-six short stories or chapters about the writer's life. Each story or chapter has a title starting with a different letter of the alphabet for example: Apple growing Baseball Cynthia etc. At the end a summation is undertaken.
 Grądki Dolne [ˈɡrɔntki ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebielino within Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 12.
 Renato Casagrande is the Governor of the Brazilian state of Espírito Santo.
 Transfusion is a science fiction short story by Chad Oliver first published in Astounding Science Fiction in June 1959. Like many of his stories it puts the author's own profession of anthropology into a science fiction context. In this case the addition of time travel theoretically enables the scientists to observe primitive humans in the past. The results however are unexpected.
 Targmanchats Vank (Armenian: Թարգմանչաց վանք; meaning Translators Monastery) of the 6th to 7th century is located within the village of Aygeshat in the Armavir Province of Armenia just off of the main road through town. The site is gated and one must inquire about accessing the church.
 Lac de Crotel is a lake at Groslée in the Ain department France.
 Yoter Ve Yoter (translated: More and More) is the sixth studio album by Israeli singer Dana International released in 2001 on the NMC Music label with the catalogue number NMC 20569 2.More and More was Dana International's first album entirely sung in Hebrew and includes the single releases elef Yamím Shel Ahava (Qesher) (A Thousand Days of Love (Connection)) Lama Katavta Li Shir (Why Did You Write Me A Song) Nitzachti (I Won) Ten Li-Chyot (Let Live) and We-Acherey Ha-Kol (And After All). 
 Songs for a Tailor is the 1969 solo studio album debut of musician composer and singer Jack Bruce who was already famous at the time of its release for his work with the supergroup Cream.
 Three Roses is a 2003 Tamil action film directed by Parameswar featuring Rambha who produced the film along with Jyothika and Laila in the lead roles. The film also featured Vivek Urvashi and Rekha Vedavyas in supporting roles while Karthik Raja composed the music and Rajarajan handled the camera. The film took two years to complete production and the eventual delayed release was met with a poor response from critics and at the box office.
 Singers (styled SINGERS) is an album by Mount Eerie.
 Rochental [rɔˈxɛntal] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Michałowo and 34 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Tana River (Finnish: Teno or Tenojoki; Northern Sami: Deatnu; Norwegian: Tanaelva; Swedish: Tana älv) is a 361 kilometres (224 mi) long river in Sápmi area of northern Scandinavia. The river flows through Finnmark county Norway and the Lapland region of Finland. The Sámi name means Great River. The main tributaries of Tana are Anarjohka and Karasjohka.
 The Shadow Elves is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Nor Or (Նոր Օր in Armenian) is an Armenian American bilingual newspaper. It was established originally in Fresno California and first issue published on 20 October 1922 and the first editor in chief was Aram Amirkhanian. It is the official political organ of the Armenian Democratic Liberal Party (Ramgavar party) in the United States.
 The Izvorul Văratecului River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Jasmine Women (simplified Chinese: 茉莉花开; traditional Chinese: 茉莉花開; pinyin: Mò li huā kāi; literally Blooming Jasmine) is a 2004 film adapted from Su Tong's novel called Funü Shenghuo (妇女生活) which means Women's Lives. It is directed by Hou Yong formerly a well known cinematographer. Zhang Ziyi plays the youngest of three generations of women who lead lives in Shanghai. Joan Chen plays the great-grandmother grandmother and mother.
 Georg Leber (7 October 1920 – 21 August 2012) was a German Trades Union leader and a politician in the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).
 Belcher-Holden Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. The house is a two story structure composed of a front gabled block on the north a large gabled wing on the south and a long woodshed addition on the southwest corner of the side-gabled wing. It was built between about 1810 and 1820 and features delicate Federal carving in the front entrance. The farm complex consists of a barn (1898) silo (ca. 1920-1950) granary (ca.
 The Abbey Resort is located in the small village of Fontana-on-Geneva Lake Wisconsin overlooking Geneva Lake. The Abbey was built in 1963 and boasts the world's tallest wooden A-frame. This resort was among the first successful condominium hotels and has recently changed hands to be managed by Hostmark Hospitality Group.This full-service resort offers 40000 square feet (3700 m2) of meeting room space as well as the 35000-square-foot (3300 m2) newly remodeled Avani Spa.
 Fast Eddys is a fast food and restaurant chain operating in Perth Western Australia and formerly in Adelaide South Australia and Melbourne Victoria. Fast Eddys was founded in 1979 at the west end of the Perth CBD on the corner of Hay Street Perth and Milligan Street.It was most notable at the time of its establishment for being one of the few Perth restaurants open 24 hours a day 7 days a week including public holidays.
 Lion Country is a novel by Frederick Buechner and the first in the Book of Bebb series. Lion Country was written in 1971 and was a finalist for the National Book Award for Fiction in 1972.Lion Country is written in the first person. The narrator Antonio Parr is a writer who attempts a piece of investigative journalism. Parr tries to expose Leo Bebb a clergyman who runs a diploma mill as a con-man.
 Redenção (English: Redemption) is the fifth album from Brazilian rock band Fresno released on 2008 through the Universal Music and Arsenal Music.The album was also released only with the standard version. After his release the album received favorable reviews in most of the songs. It produced five singles.
 Mark Adler (born March 17 1963) is a Canadian politician who is the Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada for the Toronto riding of York Centre. Adler was elected to the Canadian Parliament in the 2011 federal election when he defeated the Liberal incumbent Ken Dryden.
 Mount Bélair is a peak in the Laurentian Mountains Quebec Canada with an altitude of 485 m (1591 ft). It is located in the Val-Bélair section of Quebec City approximately 24 km (15 mi) west of downtown.
 San Joaquin Light and Power Corporation Building is an historic 11-storey 52.8 m (173 ft) skyscraper in downtown Fresno California. The building was completed in 1923 for the San Joaquin Light and Power Corporation that later became the Pacific Gas and Electric Company by chief designer Raymond R. Shaw of the R.F. Felchlin Company. The building is the fourth tallest in the city.
 Carmenta arizonae is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It was described by Beutenmüller in 1898. It is known from Arizona.
 Topsæ is a lake in the municipality of Bygland in Aust-Agder county Norway. It is located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east of lake Hovatn about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northeast of the village of Åraksbø. The Topsæfossen waterfall is located at the north end of the lake at the primary inflow.
 Sprungbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Lesser ʻAkialoa (Hemignathus obscurus) was a species of finch in the Fringillidae family. It was endemic to Hawaii. It became extinct due to habitat loss. It disappeared at around the same time as its Oahu cousin.
 Fantázia was a Slovak science fiction fantasy and horror magazine. It was first published in July 1997. The magazine was started in Šaľa Slovakia by Ivan Aľakša who served as its editor until 2006 when he withdrew to concentrate on publishing duties and was replaced by Juraj Malíček.Fantázia went on a hiatus in 2007 before being relaunched in 2008 with broader focus on various elements of popular culture in an attempt to win over a larger audience.
 Through the Past Darkly (Big Hits Vol. 2) is The Rolling Stones' second official compilation album released in 1969 shortly following Brian Jones's departure from the group and subsequent death. The album was released by Decca Records in the UK and London Records/ABKCO Records in the US.In September Through the Past Darkly (Big Hits Vol. 2) dedicated to Jones appeared with an octagonal-shaped album cover.
 The Apere River is a river of Bolivia. It is a tributary of the Mamoré River in the Department of Beni.
 The Rebra River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is sometimes known as Gușeț River.
 White Chicks is a 2004 American buddy cop comedy film written produced and directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans and also written and produced by Wayans brothers Shawn and Marlon Wayans who also both starred in the lead roles. The film was released in the United States on June 23 2004. The film was produced by Revolution Studios and distributed by Columbia Pictures. The plot revolves around whiteface drag as two African American FBI agents disguise themselves as two Caucasian women.
 Un Tour de Manège (French pronunciation: ​[œ̃ tuʁ də manɛʒ]; a.k.a. Roundabout (UK) Once Around the Park (US)) is a 1989 French film starring Juliette Binoche François Cluzet and Denis Lavant. It is the first and to date only film directed by the acclaimed French theatre director Pierre Pradinas. The film was shot on location in Paris in the summer of 1988.
 The Dream Life of Balso Snell is a 1931 novel by American author Nathanael West. West's first novel it presents a young man's immature and cynical search for meaning in a series of dreamlike encounters inside the entrails of the Trojan Horse.
 Mont d'Ambin (in French) or Rocca d'Ambin (in Italian) is a mountain of Savoie France and of the Province of Turin Italy. It lies in the Mont Cenis range and on the Italian sides it commands the Val di Susa. It has an elevation of 3378 metres above sea level.
 Poprężniki [pɔprɛ̃ʐˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Goszczanów 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 63 km (39 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Waitman T. Willey House is a historic home located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It was built in 1839-1840 and is a 1 1/2 story L-shaped brick residence in the Classical Revival style. The front facade features a one-story pentastyle portico with five fluted wood Doric order columns and a high pitched triangular pediment. It was built for Waitman T. Willey (1811-1900) noted lawyer orator and statesman.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Sarab (Persian: سراب‎ also Romanized as Sarāb) is a village in Ayask Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 38 families.
 All Saints Church Chadshunt is a redundant Anglican church in the parish of Chadshunt Warwickshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands by the side of the road from Kineton to Southam. Its general appearance is long low and massive.
 Ashtianeh (Persian: اشتيانه‎ also Romanized as Āshtīāneh and Āshteyāneh) is a village in Aqda Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Love! Valour! Compassion! is a 1997 film adaptation by Terrence McNally of his play of the same name revolving around eight gay men who gather for three summer weekends.
 Limassol Salt Lake (also known as Akrotiri salt lake) is the largest inland body of water on the island of Cyprus in Akrotiri and Dhekelia United Kingdom an overseas territory[citation needed].It lies due south-east of the sprawling city of Limassol and measures 10.65 km².
 The Ulmoasa River is a tributary of the Băiţa river in Romania.
 Krasnolipka [krasnɔˈlipka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 3.
 Bounce Rock is a football-sized primarily pyroxene rock found within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars this object was discovered and observed by the Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity in April 2004.
 Brendan Thomas Byrne (born April 1 1924) is an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey.An attorney and former judge Byrne was elected to two terms as Governor of New Jersey. He was the forty-seventh man to hold this office and as of 2014 is the most recent Democrat to be elected twice. The other Governors elected to two terms (Thomas Kean Christie Whitman and Chris Christie) have all been Republicans.
 Jogidaha is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4698 people living in 872 individual households.
 Gemini Blood is a nine-issue comic book series published by DC Comics under its Helix imprint. Dated from September 1996 to May 1997 the series was written by Christopher Hinz and illustrated by Tommy Lee Edwards. It was placed in the same universe as Hinz's Paratwa Saga featured in his trilogy of novels consisting of Liege-Killer (1987) Ash Ock (1989) and The Paratwa (1991). Set in the mid 21st century the world of Gemini Blood was one of increasing global chaos.
 Connie Smith Sings Hank Williams Gospel is the twenty sixth studio album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released in May 1975 on Columbia Records and was produced by Ray Baker. It was Smith's fourth and final Gospel music album released.
 Closeness is an album of duets by bassist Charlie Haden recorded in 1976 and released on the Horizon label.
 Arbabi-ye Olya (Persian: اربابي عليا‎ also Romanized as Ārbābī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 458 in 104 families.
 The Congressional Pictorial Directory is a picture directory of leaders and members of the United States Congress and other key officials including the President. It is published at least once every Congressional Term and is in the public domain. It was previously published as the Pocket Congressional Directory.Directories since the 105th Congress (1995) are available online Earlier versions as well as printed versions since 1995 are available from most Federal Depository Libraries.
 Something Beginning With C is an album by New Zealand band The Exponents released in 1992. It reached number 1 and spent 19 weeks on the New Zealand Album Chart and went three times platinum. It is the first album to be credited as the Exponents rather than their former name The Dance Exponents. In May 2013 Universal Music will re-release the album digitally in New Zealand in remastered standard and deluxe editions.
 Florin Mall was an indoor shopping mall located on Florin Road in the community of Florin in Sacramento California. The mall was torn down in 2006 to make way for Florin Towne Centre an outdoor shopping center.
 The Four Diamonds is a fantasy themed allegorical short story written by Chris Millard in 1972 shortly before succumbing to cancer at the age of 14. After returning from summer vacation his teacher told Chris' class to write a story about what they did during their vacation. Chris had spent the summer being treated for his illness and asked his teacher if he could write something else to which she agreed.
 Cycloteuthis is a genus of squid in the family Cycloteuthidae. It is distinguished from the genus Discoteuthis by the presence of a tail on the mantle. The species C. akimushkini is currently considered a junior synonym of C. sirventi however this is inconclusive.
 Sihaki Kuteh (Persian: سيهكي كوته‎ also Romanized as Sīhakī Kūteh) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 51 families.
 No Frontiers is an album by Irish singer Mary Black. The album was one of Ireland's best selling albums of 1989 and introduced her to audiences elsewhere in Europe and in the United States and Japan.
 Ohne Pass in fremden Betten is an East German film. It was released in 1965.
 The Church of St Thomas More is a Roman Catholic church in Seaford East Sussex England. It has a congregation of around 500 people and the current parish priest is Father Paul Jennings.
 The Vermillion County Courthouse located at 255 S. Main St. in Newport is the seat of government of Vermillion County Indiana. The courthouse was built from 1923 to 1925 to replace the previous courthouse which burned down in 1923. Architect John B. Bayard designed the building in the Classical Revival style. The building's design features a clock along the roof line on each side and Corinthian columns spanning the second and third floors in the front.
 Elephant Parts is a collection of comedy and music videos made in 1981 by Michael Nesmith former member of the Monkees. Nesmith produced the video through his company Pacific Arts using money he inherited from his mother the inventor of Liquid Paper. Elephant Parts is one hour long and features five full length music videos including the popular songs Rio and Cruisin' which featured wrestler Steve Strong and Monterey-based comic Chicago Steve Barkley.
 Hedonism II is a vacation resort in Jamaica owned and operated by Marshmallow Ltd headed by Harry Williams and CEO Jon Gross of Unwind Travel and the lifestyle group The Fluffernutters. The resort has areas reserved for naturism and it is known for liberal sexual drug and alcohol attitudes; children are not allowed at the resorts. As of 2012 only Hedonism II is in operation. There was never a Hedonism I and Hedonism III closed in 2010.
 The O-Files was the record label OFF Beat's compilation series gathering four EPs on one full-length CD. This is the first volume of three containing Klinik's Touch EP.Apparently none of the EPs were available as separate discs.
 Megorama frontale is a beetle species of the family Anobiidae.
 The Brecherspitz is a mountain in Bavaria Germany.
 This Is Where I Leave You is an upcoming 2014 American comedy film directed by Shawn Levy and starring Tina Fey and Jason Bateman. It is based on the book of the same name by Jonathan Tropper who also wrote the film's screenplay. The film will be released on September 12 2014.
 James Johnston (baptised 9 September 1655 – 3 May 1737 Bath) was envoy extraordinary to Prussia 1690–92 Secretary of State Scotland 1692–96 and Lord Clerk Register 1704–05.He was the fourth son of Lord Warriston Archibald Johnston (1610–1663) who was executed by Charles II on 26 July 1663 for having served under Cromwell and his second wife Helen daughter of Alexander Hay Lord Fosterseat.
 The Coughlin Campanile was completed on the campus of South Dakota State University (SDSU) in 1929. At a costing of seventy-five thousand dollars it was a gift to the University from Charles Coughlin a graduate from the class of 1909. The Campanile is a chimes tower that rises to 165 feet and is located on Medary Avenue. The tower's chimes cover three octaves and can be played manually from an organ in the nearby Lincoln Music Hall.
 Moondru Per Moondru Kaadhal (Tamil: மூன்று பேர் மூன்று காதல்; English: Three People Three Love) is a 2013 Tamil romance film written and directed by Vasanth. It stars Arjun Cheran Vimal Muktha Bhanu and newcomers Surveen Chawla and Lasini. The film features musical score by Yuvan Shankar Raja. It released on 1 May 2013 worldwide and opened with mixed reviews. It was a failure at the Box Office.
 The Fletcher Forum of World Affairs is an academic journal of international relations founded in 1975. It is peer-reviewed published biannually and managed by students at The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy Tufts University. It is also an online foreign policy forum featuring additional articles and interviews.
 The Cioara River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 Acraea disjuncta is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Kenya and Uganda.The larvae feed on Urera hypselodendron.
 Kalateh-ye Naseri (Persian: كلاته ناصري‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Nāşerī; also known as Nāşerī and Shepeshū) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Valea Curpenei River or Râul Curpeni is a headwater of the Luncavăţ River in Romania.
 Mont Pèlerin (1080 metres (3540 ft)) (lit. pilgrim mountain) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps overlooking Lake Geneva in the Swiss canton of Vaud. It lies north of Chardonne near Vevey the border with the canton of Fribourg running at the northern foot of the mountain.The Vevey–Chardonne–Mont Pèlerin funicular links Vevey and Mont Pèlerin.The Mont Pèlerin TV Tower is located on the wooded summit.
 Amphimallon gianfranceschii is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Italy.
 Daniel Oren Hastings (March 5 1874 – May 9 1966) was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington in New Castle County Delaware. He was a member of the Republican Party who served two terms as U.S. Senator from Delaware.
 Little Children is a 2006 American drama film directed by Todd Field. It is based on the novel of the same name by Tom Perrotta who along with Field wrote the screenplay. It stars Kate Winslet Patrick Wilson Jennifer Connelly Jackie Earle Haley Noah Emmerich Gregg Edelman Phyllis Somerville and Will Lyman. The original music score is composed by Thomas Newman. The film premiered at the 44th New York Film Festival organized by the Film Society of Lincoln Center.
 Porter Wayne and Dolly Rebecca is a duet album by Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton released in March 1970. It contained the singles Just Someone I Used to Know' and Tomorrow is Forever both of which reached the top ten on the U.S. country charts as well as one of their best remembered musical fights Run That By Me One More Time. The album reached # 4 on the country albums charts.
 Wallace Bernard Jefferson (born July 22 1963) is the former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Texas who served from 2004 until October 1 2013. In October 2013 he joined Alexander Dubose Jefferson Townsend as a name partner.
 K.I.D.S. is the second EP recorded by The Tiny Masters Of Today. The EP was released as a 7 vinyl record and is also available in MP3 format. Australian visual artist Ben Frost designed the album cover for K.I.D.S.
 The Isle of Lost Ships is a 1923 silent film adventure/melodrama directed and produced by Maurice Tourneur and distributed by Associated First National Pictures. The film is based on Crittenden Marriott's novel The Isle of Dead Ships c.1909. The story was re-filmed in 1929 by director Irvin Willat.
 Pandora (1998) is a novel and a vampire in Anne Rice's Vampire Chronicles. Her story is told in the book Pandora one of two novels in the New Tales of the Vampires series.
 The Canadian Journal of School Psychology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of school psychology. Its editors-in-chief are Donald H. Saklofske (University of Calgary) and Joseph Snyder (Concordia University). It was established in 1985 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 George P.G. Springate CM (born May 12 1938) is a Canadian police officer politician football player professor and Citizenship Judge.Born in Montreal Quebec the son of Walter L. Springate and Eleonor Woodhouse he received a Bachelor of Arts from Sir George Williams University. He also received a Bachelor of Civil Law degree in 1968 and a Bachelor of Common Law degree in 1969 from McGill University. From 1958 to 1969 he was a police officer with the Montreal Police.
 Drax Priory was a priory in North Yorkshire England.
 The Henry C. Gale House at 495 N. 1st East Beaver Utah was built c. 1889 out of pink rock and has three additions since also in pink rock. It is believed to have been built by local Scots stonemason Alexander Boyter. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Dras River also spelt Drass River (Urdu: دراس ندی‎) is a river in the Kargil district of Ladakh region in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.
 Austrodaphnella clathrata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Cuban crocodile (Crocodylus rhombifer) is a small but aggressive species of crocodile found only in Cuba.
 Broadway is a 1942 film about Broadway theatre with George Raft Pat O'Brien Janet Blair Broderick Crawford Marjorie Rambeau Anne Gwynne and S.Z. Sakall. Raft plays himself recalling an incident early in his pre-movie career as a dancer. The movie was directed by William A. Seiter.It was a remake of an old Broadway show produced by Jed Harris.Another fictionalized biographical movie based on Raft's life The George Raft Story (1961) featured a different actor (Ray Danton) playing Raft.
 Kill 'Em and Eat 'Em is a 1987 album by the UK underground group Pink Fairies.This is a reformed Pink Fairies prompted by an offer from Jake Riviera head of Demon Records. Of the five original group members Paul Rudolph wasn't involved. Wallis' preference for having a fellow guitarist led to the inclusion of the only non-former member Andy Colquhoun but Colquhoun had worked extensively alongside Wallis during the late 1980s Mick Farren group.
 Land of Terror is a 1944 fantasy novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs the sixth in his series about the fictional hollow earth land of Pellucidar. It is the penultimate novel in the series and the last to be published during Burrough's lifetime. Unlike most of the other books in the Pellucidar series this novel was never serially published in any magazine because it was rejected by all of Burroughs's usual publishers.
 Henry A. Wyman was an American attorney who served as Acting Attorney General of Massachusetts following the resignation of Henry Converse Atwill and Acting Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts (along with Albert P. Langtry and John R. Macumber) following the resignation of Fred J.
 V. P. Kalairajan is an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Theagaraya Nagar constituency in Chennai District. He represents the Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party.
 Connie's Christmas is a studio album of Christmas music by U. S. entertainer Connie Francis. It is the 1966 re-release of her 1959 album Christmas in My Heart
 Meckelbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Amor Familia y Respeto (English: Love Family and Respect) is the debut studio album by Mexican-American cumbia group A.B. Quintanilla y Los Kumbia Kings and the debut studio album by Mexican-American musician A.B. Quintanilla. It was released on March 23 1999 by EMI Latin.
 Dahleh (Persian: دهله‎ also Romanized as Dahlah and Dehleh; also known as Alīf Dahli and Dehlī) is a village in Kamaraj Rural District Kamaraj and Konartakhteh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 55 families.
 The Evening Echo is an Irish evening newspaper based in Cork. It is distributed throughout the province of Munster although it is primarily read in its base city of Cork. In Limerick an altered local edition of the paper is sold. The newspaper was founded as a broadsheet in 1892 and has been published in tabloid format since 1991.The newspaper was part of the Thomas Crosbie Holdings group. Thomas Crosbie Holdings went into receivership in March 2013.
 Amauropsis sphaeroides is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Dimension is a short film written and directed by Lars von Trier released in 2010. The film was shot in three-minute segments over several years. The original intention was to continue production for a period of 30 years for a final release in 2024. However von Trier lost interest in the project and it was shelved in the late 1990s. The short film consists of the completed footage at the time the film was abandoned.
 Changi (Persian: چنگي‎ also Romanized as Changī) is a village in Hesar-e Amir Rural District in the Central District of Pakdasht County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1837 in 507 families.
 Sammy Johns is the first studio album by singer and songwriter Sammy Johns.After his eponymous debut album from General Recording Corporation which included Chevy Van the singer inked a deal in 1976 with Warner-Curb which resulted in Johns working on the soundtrack to The Van the first movie to feature Danny DeVito. - Linda Seida All Music GuideIn 1996 Sammy Kershaw did a cover of Chevy Van on his album Politics Religion and Her.
 Contest is the self-published first novel by Australian thriller writer Matthew Reilly.
 Joy to the World is the first Christmas album by American country music singer Faith Hill. To date it has sold 753045 copies in the US. It features the U.S. Adult Contemporary #1 hit A Baby Changes Everything. The album was certified Gold on December 4 2008.
 Batkovići (Goražde) is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Futa River is a river in Los Ríos Region Chile. It drains waters from the cordillera at the Valdivian Coast Range border north to Tornagaleones River which in turn flows into the Pacific Ocean at Corral Bay.
 Local Ground is the ninth studio album by Altan. It was released in 2005 on the Narada label.
 Grabarka [ɡraˈbarka] (Ukrainian: Грабарка Hrabarka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 People of the Black Mountains is an historical novel by Raymond Williams.This book is a work in two volumes published in 1989 and 1990. It features a great diversity of people in a single place across the ages. Most of them are ordinary people living unprivileged lives. It is told thorough a series of flashbacks featuring an ordinary man in modern times. He is looking for his grandfather who has not returned from a hill-walk but has visions of the past as it might have been.
 Yenston Priory was a Benedictine priory in Henstridge Somerset England. It was a cell of the Abbey of Sever in Normandy France. It was founded by Hugh d'Avranches 1st Earl of Chester who died around 1100 and was also known as Hugh Abrincus and Hugh Lupus. Around 1468 it was granted to Eton College.
 The National Hansen's Disease Museum is a historical museum in Carville Louisiana at the site of a former sugar plantation and was once home of the Carville National Leprosarium.
 Lost and Lonely is an upcoming Chinese drama film written and directed by novelist and television screenwriter Peng Sanyuan in her directorial debut and starring Andy Lau. The film is inspired by a true abducting case in 2010 when a Hubei resident was reunited with his son who had been missing for three years when a university student recognized the child after seeing a post on Sina Weibo.
 Celaenorrhinus pooanus the Bitje Sprite is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Nigeria (the Cross River loop) Cameroon Bioko Gabon and possibly the Democratic Republic of Congo (from the north-east to the Ituri Forest). The habitat consists of forests.Adults have been recorded feeding on flowers of Mussaenda species.
 Monte Cavo or less occasionally Monte Albano is the second highest mountain of the complex of the Alban Hills near Rome Italy. An old volcano extinguished around 10000 years ago it lies about 20 km (12 mi) from the sea in the territory of the comune of Rocca di Papa. It is the dominant peak of the Alban Hills.
 Ugandapithecus is a disputed extinct genus of hominoid primates that existed from 22 to 14 million years ago during the Miocene epoch. Fossil remains are present in Eastern Africa including Kenya and Uganda. Four species have been classified to date. It has been suggested that these successively larger species evolved from one another. Others argue that Ugandapithecus is a subjective synonym of Proconsul.
 Nant-y-Ffrith refers to a stream and the wooded valley through which it flows on the border between Flintshire and Wrexham County Borough in Wales. The stream begins in moorland to the east of Llandegla. It passes Bwlchgwyn village before entering a rather steep-sided rocky valley. It passes under the viaduct of a disused railway line before joining the River Cegidog at Ffrith.The woodlands contain some deciduous trees but are dominated by recent conifer plantations.
 Euxesta basalis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur John Bigge 1st Baron Stamfordham GCB GCVO GCIE KCSI KCMG ISO PC (18 June 1849–31 March 1931) was a British soldier and courtier. He was Private Secretary to Queen Victoria during the last few years of her reign and to George V during most of his reign. He was the maternal grandfather of Lord Adeane Private Secretary to Elizabeth II from 1953 to 1972.
 Demolition was the first album by Australian heavy metal band Dungeon. It featured mainly demo-quality tracks four of which had been remixed from a previous demo with added bass lines from Justin Sayers and a cover of Blondie's Call Me. Virgil Donati plays drums on the instrumental track Changing Moods. This album was only released in Japan and has never been made available anywhere else.
 The Klein Dairy Farmhouse is located in Kaukauna Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 for its architectural and agricultural significance.
 David Kizzia (born February 15 1972) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives representing District 26 since January 14 2013.
 Dalpiazella brevicauda is an extinct prehistoric eel from the Lutetian of the Monte Bolca lagerstatten. D. brevicauda and Paranguilla tigrina constitute the family Paranguilla.
 Done by the Forces of Nature is the second studio album by American hip hop group Jungle Brothers released November 9 1989 on Warner Bros. Records. Recording sessions for the album took place in 1989 at Calliope Studios in New York City and production was handled by the Jungle Brothers. It was mixed at Apollo Studios by Kool DJ Red Alert and the Jungle Brothers.
 Dashti (Persian: دشتي‎ also Romanized as Dashtī) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 14 families.
 Devilwater Creek originally Arroyo Del Diablo a stream with its source on the east slope of the Temblor Range in Kern County California that flows northeast to terminate just a mile west southwest of the mouth of Media Aqua Creek. It was officially named Devilwater Creek in 1909.
 Christo's Valley Curtain is a 1974 American short documentary film directed by Albert and David Maysles about Christo and Jeanne-Claudes Valley Curtain project. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Podbjelavići (Cyrillic: Подбјелавићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hippotion pentagramma is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the arid areas in Arabia Somalia and Ethiopia.The length of the forewings is 22-24 rnm. The head body and forewings are pale sandy brown. The forewings are marked with five narrow evenly curved parallel darker lines running from the inner margin to the apex and costa. The intensity of these lines is variable and some specimens are almost unmarked.
 Mount Batur (Gunung Batur) is an active volcano located at the center of two concentric calderas north west of Mount Agung Bali Indonesia. The south east side of the larger 10×13 km caldera contains a caldera lake.
 The Metreon is a shopping center located in downtown San Francisco at the corner of 4th Street and Mission Street. It is a four-story 350000 square foot (33000 m²) building built over the corner of the underground Moscone Center convention center. Metreon opened on June 16 1999 as the first of a proposed chain of Sony urban entertainment centers aggregating dining gaming music exhibitions shopping and movies.
 Uzynbulaq is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Prophets of Regulation: Charles Francis Adams Louis D. Brandeis James M. Landis Alfred E. Kahn is a book by American business historian Thomas K. McCraw. The book won McCraw the 1985 Pulitzer Prize for History.The book is about the American trade and industry regulation history and it profiles Charles Francis Adams Louis D. Brandeis James M. Landis and Alfred E. Kahn.
 Ethel and Ernest (subtitled A True Story) is a graphic novel by English author and illustrator Raymond Briggs. It tells the story of the lives of Briggs' parents from their first meeting in 1928 to their deaths in 1971.
 Drakes on the Pond is a restaurant located in Abinger Hammer Surrey England. As of 2008 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.
 Sylvia's Restaurant of Harlem (often called Sylvia's Soul Food or just Sylvia's) is a soul food restaurant located at 328 Lenox Avenue (between 126th Street and 127th Street) in Harlem in New York City.It was founded in 1962 by Sylvia Woods. It has since expanded to a much larger space at its present location and an adjacent building. The restaurant also sells a line of prepared foods beauty and skin care items cookbooks and a children's book written by Woods.
 Mazraeh-ye Aliabad (Persian: مزرعه علي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ʿAlīābād) is a village in Jowzdan Rural District in the Central District of Najafabad County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Elmer Boyd Staats (June 6 1914 – July 23 2011) was an American public servant whose career from the late 1930s to the early 1980s was primarily associated with the Bureau of the Budget (BOB) (now the Office of Management and Budget OMB) and the GAO. Staats was born June 6 1914 in Richfield Kansas to Wesley F. and Maude (Goodall) Staats. Staats received his AB from McPherson College in 1935 his MA from the University of Kansas in 1936 and his Ph.D.
 The Pietroasa River is a tributary of the Văleni River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Chisbic and Imre
 Darreh Shir (Persian: دره شير‎ also Romanized as Darreh Shīr) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 19 families.
 The North Newport River is a 26-mile-long (42 km) tidal river in Liberty County in the U.S. state of Georgia. It rises just west of Interstate 95 15 miles (24 km) south of Richmond Hill and flows generally east-southeast to its mouth at the Medway River and St. Catherines Sound on the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Other Half is a 2006 British romantic comedy film written and directed by Marlowe Fawcett and Richard Nockles.
 Chandramukhi Pranasakhi is an Indian Kannada movie released in 1999 directed by Seetharam Karant that stars Ramesh Aravind Prema and Bhavana in the lead roles. Music and lyrics were by K. Kalyan.This movie was later remade in Telugu Naalo Unna Prema starring Laya and Jagapathi Babu.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The National Observer (formerly known as Australia and World Affairs) is a quarterly current-affairs and politics magazine in Australia.
 ... And Some Were Human is the first story collection by science fiction writer Lester del Rey originally published in hardcover by Prime Press in 1948. An abridged paperback edition including only eight of the twelve stories was issued by Ballantine Books in 1961. A Spanish translation reportedly dropping only one story appeared in 1957.
 Kenny & Company is a 1976 family film directed by Don Coscarelli who also made the Phantasm series. It stars A. Michael Baldwin and Reggie Bannister who would later star in Phantasm.
 Wolfcry (2006) is the fourth installment of the Kiesha'ra Series by American author Amelia Atwater-Rhodes. The book is narrated by Oliza Shardae Cobriana a fictional character who is the daughter of Zane Cobriana a cobra shapeshifter and Danica Shardae a hawk shapeshifter.
 The Cleveland Advocate is a weekly newspaper in northern Liberty County Texas USA established in 1917 nearly two decades before the City of Cleveland was incorporated. According to an article published in the 23 NOV 1917 issue of the Liberty Vindicator The Cleveland Advocate is the new addition to the Liberty county newspaper field.
 Alias Flequillo is a 1963 black-and-white Argentine comedy film directed by Julio Saraceni and written by Abel Santacruz. The film starred José Marrone and Inés Moreno.
 Dobrosławice [dɔbrɔswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowiczki within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Pawłowiczki 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 200.
 David Leyonhjelm (/ˈlaɪənˌhɛlm/ LY-ən-HELM; born 1952) is an Australian politician who is a Senator-elect for New South Wales representing the Liberal Democratic Party. Having been elected at the 2013 federal election he will take office in July 2014 when the current senators' terms expire.
 Magnojević Gornji (Cyrillic: Магнојевић Горњи) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Untamed is a 1929 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer drama/comedy/romance motion picture starring Joan Crawford and Robert Montgomery. Others in the cast include Ernest Torrence Holmes Herbert Gwen Lee and Lloyd Ingraham.Directed by Jack Conway the script was adapted by Sylvia Thalberg and Frank Butler with dialogue by Willard Mack from a story by Charles E. Scoggins. Made during MGM's transition from silent to sound movies Untamed was Crawford's first talkie.
 The Elkhorn Municipal Building is located in Elkhorn Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 Lake Warden is a lake in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia. It and its associated wetlands are protected in a nature reserve; they were recognised as being of international importance under the Ramsar Convention through designation of the Lake Warden System on 7 June 1990 as Ramsar Site 485. The lake is also a DIWA-listed wetland.
 C.M.B. (C.M.B. ~Shinra Hakubutsukan no Jiken Mokuroku~ C.M.B. 森羅博物館の事件目録 literally C.M.B. Shinra Museum's Case Catalog) is a detective fiction manga by Motohiro Katou. The manga started serialization in Monthly Shōnen Magazine in 2005 and was later collected into tankōbon volumes published by Kodansha. As of November 2012 20 volumes have been released.It is a companion work of the Q.E.D. manga.
 Tandonia serbica is a species of keeled air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Milacidae.
 Snakehead is the seventh novel in the Alex Rider series written by British author Anthony Horowitz. The book was released in Australia on 28 September 2007 in the United Kingdom on 31 October 2007 and in the US on 13 November 2007. The title comes from the name given to Asian gangs involved in people smuggling illegal passports visas weapons and more.
 SeaFire first published in 1994 was the fourteenth novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond (including Gardner's novelization of Licence to Kill). Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton and in the United States by Putnam.
 Mount Tzouhalem is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada 4 kilometres east-northeast of Duncan in the municipality of North Cowichan. It is situated between Quamichan Lake Maple Bay and Cowichan Bay.The mountain is part of the municipal forest lands. Part of the mountain is an 18-hectare ecological reserve. It is popular with hikers and mountain bikers.
 Pohádky tisíce a jedné noci (literally Tales of 1001 Nights) is a 1974 Czech animated film directed by Karel Zeman. The film combines the voyages of Sindbad the Sailor with elements of other tales from the Arabian Nights. Released in America as Adventures of Sinbad the Sailor it is also known as A Thousand and One Nights. The film was animated using paper cutouts and draws its visual inspiration from Persian miniatures.
 Staphylinochrous albabasis is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is found in Angola.
 Alicia en el país de las maravillas (English:Alice in Wonderland) is an Argentinian 1976 Spanish language adaptation of Alice in Wonderland.
 Patricia A. Madrid (born 1947) is an American politician and the former Attorney General for the U.S. state of New Mexico. She is a member of the Democratic Party.
 Education Update is an American non-profit monthly newspaper published in New York City New York.It focuses on issues related to education and has a circulation of approximately 200000.
 The Tișovița River is a tributary of the Danube River in Romania.
 Matus is a genus of beetle in family Dytiscidae. It contains the following species: Matus bicarinatus (Say 1823) Matus leechi Young 1953 Matus ovatus Leech 1941 Matus relictus Young 1953↑
 Tuszyny [tuˈʂɨnɨ] (German: Tuschin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Świekatowo 19 km (12 mi) west of Świecie and 35 km (22 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 Bratz Genie Magic is a 2006 Bratz direct-to-DVD film. It is the third movie based on the Bratz brand following Bratz: Starrin' & Stylin' and Bratz Rock Angelz. It is the second CGI film for the brand. The film acts as a continuation of Bratz Rock Angelz as the Bratz are seen performing as a band in the opening sequence.
 Irish Pages: A Journal of Contemporary Writing is a literary magazine published in Belfast and edited by Chris Agee and Cathal Ó Searcaigh. It was launched in 2002 and appears biannually.The journal regularly publishes articles related to Belfast and Northern Ireland generally as well as works with a more international view. It prints both established and previously unpublished writers.
 Metaparaclius is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Get RID! is the second album by Robots in Disguise.Stand out tracks include the single Turn It Up a song composed mainly of references to other songs and La Nuit sung entirely in French.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Seventeenth Annual Collection (ISBN 978-0-312-26417-8) is a science fiction anthology which was compiled by Gardner Dozois and published in 2000. It won the Locus Award for best anthology in 1991.
 Haustellotyphis wendita is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Frank Mulholland PC QC (born 18 April 1959) is a Scottish lawyer and has been Lord Advocate one of the Great Officers of State of Scotland and the country's chief Law Officer since 19 May 2011 having previously been Solicitor General the junior Law Officer.
 There's a Wocket in My Pocket is a short children's book by Dr. Seuss.It features a little boy talking about what strange creatures live in his house such as the yeps on the steps the nooth grush on his toothbrush the zamp in a lamp the yottle in the bottle and Nureau in the bureau.The original story was published in 1974. There is also a 1996 republication.
 Deh Now (Persian: دهنو‎) is a village in Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1103 in 205 families.
 Cause I Sez So is the fourth studio album (and second since the reunion) by the New York Dolls. It was released on May 5 2009 on Atco Records. The album was produced by Todd Rundgren who also produced their self-titled debut album. One of the songs Trash is a re-recording of a song that originally appeared on their debut album. The album peaked at #159 at the Billboard 200.
 Snipe Loch (NS385173) or Loch Snipe is a freshwater loch. It is situated in a low lying area close to the B742 road next to Clocaird Farm in the Parish of Coylton East Ayrshire Scotland. The loch lies to the north of Martnaham Loch 5 miles (7 km) east of Ayr.
 SHOOT Magazine founded in 1960 as Back Stage provides news and information about advertising agencies executives and creative professionals in the advertising industry. It also issues awards each year recognizing various elements of advertising such as a New Directors Showcase and Best Work You May Never See.
 Bilinea bilineatissima is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from southern Sri Lanka.The species occurs in warm moist forested mountains. Adults have been found from February to November suggesting many generations per year.The wingspan is 13-15 mm. The forewing is long broad light grey and black. The upper part of the medial area is black in a triangular patch.
 Emmanuel Arnold (Tamil: இம்மானுவேல் ஆனல்ட்) is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and provincial councillor.Arnold contested the 2013 provincial council election as one of the Tamil National Alliance's candidates in Jaffna District and was elected to the Northern Provincial Council. After the election he was appointed to assist the Chief Minister on enterprise promotion and sports development. He took his oath as provincial councillor in front of Chief Minister C. V.
 See Joseph Williamson (philanthropist) for the Joseph Williamson famous for creating seemingly pointless tunnels in Liverpool England)Sir Joseph Williamson PRS (25 July 1633 – 3 October 1701) was an English civil servant diplomat and politician who sat in the House of Commons of England variously between 1665 and 1701 and in the Irish House of Commons between 1692 and 1699. He was Secretary of State for the Northern Department 1674-9.
 A-Sides B-Sides & Suicides is a compilation album by the Finnish metal band Charon. It was released on June 22 2010 containing old material as well as unreleased stuff such as b-sides and their first unreleased demo. The demo is very atypical for the band – it consists of black metal recordings without the vocals of JP Leppäluoto.
 The Dourdou de Camarès is an 86.9 km (54.0 mi) long river in the Tarn Hérault and Aveyron départements southern France. Its source is in the Parc naturel régional du Haut-Languedoc in the commune of Murat-sur-Vèbre 5.5 km (3.4 mi) southeast of the village. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Tarn into which it flows at Broquiès 1.2 km (0.75 mi) southwest of the village.Its main tributary is the Sorgues.
 Vokány is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Case Broderick (September 23 1839 – April 1 1920) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.Born near Marion Indiana Case Broderick was a cousin of David Colbreth Broderick and Andrew Kennedy. Broderick attended the common schools in Indiana. He moved to Holton Kansas in 1858 and engaged in agricultural pursuits. Case Broderick married Mary A. Ewbank on August 23 1860 in Jackson County Kansas Territory. Mary was born in Dearborn Co.
 The Rospuda [rɔsˈpuda] is a small river in north-eastern Poland. It flows through the Suwałki Region of Poland including the north-western part of the large Augustów Primeval Forest wilderness area. Its continuation the Netta is a tributary of the Biebrza. Around 2006 the river was threatened by planned construction of the Augustów bypass expressway which was to cut across the protected wilderness area in the valley.
 The Tasmanian Babes Fiasco is a 1997 novel by John Birmingham. It is a sequel to He Died With A Felafel In His Hand and involves several prominent characters from the first novel namely Taylor the Cabbie Jabba the Hutt Thunderbird Ron Brainthrust Leonard Missy Elroy and Stacy. The major difference between this book and He Died With A Felafel In His Hand is The Tasmanian Babes Fiasco is written as a novel rather than as a diary.
 Sokolovac is a village in the municipality Dežanovac Bjelovar-Bilogora County in Croatia. According to the 2001 census there are 255 inhabitants in 85 of family households.
 Thomas E. Lubnau II (born December 12 1958) is the Republican Speaker of the Wyoming House of Representatives a position to which he was elected by his colleagues in January 2013. A lawyer from Gillette Lubnau was first elected to the state House in 2004 from District 31 in Campbell County in northeastern Wyoming.Lubnau served as predident of the Wyoming State Bar in 2002 - 2003.
 Lake Yalchik (Russian: Яльчик Mari: Ялчык Jalčik) is the largest lake in Mari El Russia located in the Marii Chodra national park. Lake Yalchik plays a major role in tourism in region and several tourist centres are located here. It is renowned locally for its clean and warm water.
 A Little Good News is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records in 1983. The album peaked at number 9 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. The title track topped the country singles charts in the U.S.; That's Not the Way (It's S'posed to Be) was also released as a single.
 Bythotrephes longimanus (also Bythotrephes cederstroemi) or the spiny water flea is a planktonic crustacean less than 15 millimetres (0.6 in) long. It is native to fresh waters of Northern Europe and Asia but has been accidentally introduced and widely distributed in the Great Lakes area of North America since the 1980s. Bythotrephes is typified by a long abdominal spine with several barbs which protect it from predators.
 Comes a Horseman is a 1978 film starring James Caan Jane Fonda Jason Robards and Richard Farnsworth directed by Alan J.
 The Gârbava River is a tributary of the Anineș River in Romania.
 Idlewild South is the second studio album by American rock band the Allman Brothers Band. Produced by Tom Dowd the album was released on September 23 1970 in the United States by Atco Records and Capricorn Records.Following the release of their 1969 debut the Allman Brothers Band toured the United States extensively to promote the album which barely made a dent on pop charts.
 The Zboina River is a tributary of the Caşin River in Romania.
 La Gazzetta dello Sport [la ɡadˈdzetta ˈdello ˈspɔrt] is an Italian newspaper dedicated to coverage of various sports. It was first published on 3 April 1896 allowing it to cover the first modern Olympic Games held in Athens. Its role extends beyond news reporting and features to direct involvement in major events including (since 1909) organization of the Giro d'Italia (Tour of Italy) cycling stage race.
 Corporação is the third studio album of the band Bonde da Stronda released on 4 July 2012 by the label Galerão Records.The first music video from the album is the song Tem que Respeitar launched on 13 July 2012 which makes music a mix of hip-hop with samba where Dudu Nobre and Mr. Thug play their ukuleles together a rap beat.
 Brian Doughty is a member of the Utah House of Representatives representing the 30th District in Salt Lake County. He was selected on July 16 2011 by local Democratic delegates to replace state representative Jackie Biskupski who had resigned when she moved out of the district. He was sworn in on July 20 2011.In the redistricting process that followed the 2010 census Doughty's home was placed in the 26th district along with that of House Minority Leader David Litvack.
 Compassberg (Afrikaans: Kompasberg) is a mountain peak of the Sneeuberge range in South Africa. It is located 55 km due north of Graaff-Reinet in the Eastern Cape Province. At 2504 metres it is the highest peak in South Africa outside the Stormberg-Drakensberg massif.
 James Thomas Jabo Waggoner (born January 8 1937) is a Republican member of the Alabama Senate representing the 16th District since 1990. He has been the Minority Leader through 2002. Previously he was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives from 1966 through 1983.
 The São Francisco River (Marrecas River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Chrysocercops pectinata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Malaysia (Kelantan and Pahang).The wingspan is about 4.9 mm.The larvae feed on Dipterocarpus grandifolius and Dipterocarpus tuberculatus. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Skorradalsvatn is a lake in the west of Iceland. It is situated in a narrow valley between the Hvalfjörður and the valley Reykholtsdalur (see Reykholt). Its length is about 15 km.Around the lake there are some high mountains for example Skarðsheiði. People are often surprised when they see the shores of the lake which are quite forested. That is due to reforestation that was started by a governmental initiative.
 Only Clouds Move the Stars (Norwegian: Bare skyer beveger stjernene) is a 1998 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Torun Lian. Based on her novel of the same name the film was Lian's directorial debut. The film was a critical and commercial success. It won the Amanda Award in 1999 in the category Best film and has received more awards internationally than any other Norwegian film. It was the Norwegian submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Lacey Edward Putney (born June 27 1928) is an American politician. He was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from January 1962 until January 2014 making him the longest-serving member in the history of the Virginia General Assembly. Putney a lawyer from Bedford Virginia was first elected as a Democrat in 1961.
 Symphony of Living is a 1935 American film directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring Evelyn Brent.
 The Church of Scientology: A History of a New Religion is a 2011 book by Hugh B. Urban about the history of the Church of Scientology. Urban a professor of religious studies at Ohio State University discusses the history and teachings of the group and how they relate to broader trends in American society. Urban also writes about whether the group is a religion and how religion is defined.
 Rider on the Rain (French: Le Passager de la pluie) is a 1970 French mystery thriller film starring Charles Bronson directed by René Clément produced by Serge Silberman with film music composed by Francis Lai.
 Hardy Eustace is a retired thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Champion Hurdle in 2004 and 2005. He was trained in Ireland by Dessie Hughes and owned by Laurence Byrne.
 Pangshura is a genus of geoemydid turtles found in South Asia. Its members were formerly in the obsolete genus Kachuga. A fifth member Pangshura tatrotia was described in 2010 but it is only known from Pliocene fossils.
 Woody's Roundup: A Rootin' Tootin' Collection of Woody's Favorite Songs (or simply Woody's Roundup) is a studio recording released by the Western band Riders in the Sky on August 29 2000.
 Xenomigia nubilata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia.The length of the forewings is 18-18.5 mm.
 !!Destroy-Oh-Boy!! is the debut album by the American garage punk group New Bomb Turks. It was released in 1993 by Crypt Records. The album was recorded in 1992 with the band not thinking anyone would notice it. It was released to very positive reviews.
 Isaak Stanislaus Gorerazvo Mudenge (17 December 1941 – 4 October 2012) was a Zimbabwean politician who served in the government of Zimbabwe as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1995 to 2005 and as Minister of Higher Education from 2005 to 2012.Mudenge was a professional historian focusing on African history in general but with speciality on pre-colonial Zimbabwean history.
 Characters is the Grammy-nominated twenty-first studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder released by Motown Records on November 6 1987 (see 1987 in music) in North America. Although highly anticipated like its predecessor In Square Circle (1985) upon its release the album received mixed reviews from critics and debuted at number 17 on the US Billboard 200 becoming his first album since Music of My Mind not to reach the top ten of the charts.
 Danny Joe Brown and the Danny Joe Brown Band is the first and only studio album by American southern rock band The Danny Joe Brown Band released in 1981.
 First (Park) Congregational Church is a historic church at 10 E. Park Place NE in Grand Rapids Michigan.It was built in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Western red scorpionfish (Scorpaena sumptuosa) is a species of marine fish of the family Scorpaenidae. It is colored bright red to pale brown around 400 millimeters in length and has tassel-like appendages that aid its camouflage. This species lies in ambush motionless and disguised amongst corals where it awaits prey which it sucks into its large and quick mouth.
 Sir Michael Sydney Buckley KBE is a retired civil servant who was Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration and Health Service Commissioner for England Scotland and Wales (Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman) between 1997 and 2002.Buckley was born in 1939 and educated at Eltham College and Christ Church Oxford where he studied Mods and Greats. In 1962 Buckley joined the Treasury as an Assistant Principal.
 Hezar Khal (Persian: هزارخال‎ also Romanized as Hezār Khāl) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 25 families.
 Christ Hospital was founded in 1872 in Jersey City New Jersey and was originally associated with the Episcopal Diocese of Newark.In 2011 it was announced that the hospital would be sold to Prime Healthcare Services. The proposed sale was the focus of significant community concern generated competing offers and Prime Healthcare's original offer was withdrawn on February 1 2012.
 New Life is the tenth album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label and the fourth to feature his Octet. It was released in 1985 and features performances by Murray Baikida Carroll Hugh Ragin Craig Harris John Purcell Adegoke Steve Colson Wilber Morris and Ralph Peterson Jr..
 Wolf Hunting is a novel in the Firekeeper Saga series by Jane Lindskold.
 Al Ḩāffah or simply Ḩāfa is a coastal village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.It lies just south of Salalah.
 The Tablet is a self-described progressive Catholic international weekly review published in London.
 Tajabad (Persian: تاج اباد‎ also Romanized as Tājābād) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tribute is an entertainment industry magazine published by Tribute Entertainment Media Group that covers film television music pop culture celebrity lifestyle: beauty and fashion and red carpet premieres. The magazine is read by over 1500000 and is distributed in Canadian theaters six times a year with a circulation of 500000. Tribute features coverage of the latest news in Hollywood film previews fashion gossip movie-related books music trivia and feature contests.
 The Lakes of Killarney are a renowned scenic attraction located near Killarney County Kerry in Ireland. They consist of three lakes - Lough Leane Muckross Lake (also called Middle Lake) and Upper Lake.Lough Leane (from Irish Loch Léin meaning lake of learning) is the largest of the three lakes. The River Laune drains Lough Leane to the north-west towards Killorglin and into Dingle Bay.The lakes lie in a mountain-ringed valley starting in the Black Valley.
 Straightheads is a 2007 British thriller film which follows a couple who are seeking revenge against a group of men who brutally attacked them. It is written and directed by Dan Reed who made his directorial début.The film features Gillian Anderson as Alice Comfort and Danny Dyer as Adam.
 Operación rosa rosa (English: Operation Pink Rose) is a 1974 Argentine film directed by Polish-born director Leo Fleider. The film was written by and starred the singer Sandro de América.
 The Marriage Business is a 1927 British silent comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Estelle Brody Owen Nares and Jack Rutherford. It is also known by the alternative title This Woman Business.
 The Bigerhorn (3626 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located south of Grächen in the canton of Valais. It lies in the Mischabel range north of the Ried Glacier.From the Bordier Hut a trail leads to the summit of the Bigerhorn.
 Something Fresh is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse. It was first published as a book in the United States by D. Appleton & Company on 3 September 1915 under the title Something New having previously appeared under that title as a serial in the Saturday Evening Post between 26 June and 14 August 1915. It was published in the United Kingdom by Methuen & Co.
 The Slaty Flowerpiercer Diglossa plumbea is a passerine bird which is endemic to the highlands of Costa Rica and western Panama.This is a common bird in mountain forest canopy and edges and especially in sunlit clearings and areas with flowering shrubs which can include gardens. The lower altitudinal limit of its breeding range increases from 1200 m in the north of Costa Rica to 1900 m in the southern mountains.
 Abacena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Barcău River or Bereteu River (Romanian or Berettyó in Hungarian) is a river which has its origin in Sălaj County Romania. It has a length of 134 kilometers and a watershed area of 2025 km². After crossing Bihor County Romania and Hajdú-Bihar and Békés County Hungary it flows into the Sebes-Körös (Romanian: Crișul Repede) near Szeghalom.The upper reach of the Barcău River upstream of the junction with the Răchita River is locally called Ștei River Berchesei River or Bărcașu River.
 Tuality Community Hospital is a non-profit general care medical facility located in Hillsboro Oregon United States. The 167-bed facility was founded in 1918 in downtown and is the only hospital in Hillsboro Washington County’s most populous city. Tuality has partnerships with both Pacific University and Oregon Health Sciences University. At six stories tall the main building is tied for the tallest in the city with the Hillsboro Civic Center.
 Sander volgensis the Volga pikeperch or Volga zander is a species of fish in the perch family Percidae. It is found in Austria Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Hungary Moldova Romania Russia Serbia Montenegro Slovakia and Ukraine.
 AIP Conference Proceedings is a series of scientific journals published by the American Institute of Physics since 1970. The journal publishes the proceedings from various meetings of physics societies. Alison Waldron is the current Acquisitions Editor for AIP Conference Proceedings.
 The Bananal River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Autobiography of Mistachuck is the debut solo album by Public Enemy frontman Chuck D which was released October 22 1996. It peaked at #190 on the Billboard 200.
 Romantically Helpless is a studio album by Holly Cole. It was released in Canada in 2000 on Alert Records and mastered as an HDCD encoded CD.
 Don't Stop Movin' is a US-only release from S Club. The album contains a combination of tracks from Sunshine and Seeing Double. It was released in December 2002. It failed to chart or produce any hit singles following the top 10 success of Never Had a Dream Come True. This was to be the group's final release in the US.
 Philiris angabunga is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Frank Boyd Gary (March 9 1860 – December 7 1922) was a United States Senator from South Carolina. Born in Cokesbury South Carolina he attended the Cokesbury Conference School and Union College (Schenectady New York). He studied law was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Abbeville South Carolina in 1881. From 1890 to 1900 he was a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives serving as speaker from 1895 to 1900.
 Bristol Hotel is Gibraltar's oldest hotel it is located on Cathedral Square in Gibraltar. Next to the Church of England Cathedral Established in 1894 the 19th century it occupies a white colonial building with swimming pool and garden located to the south of Cathedral of St. Mary the Crowned  next to the Gibraltar Museum.
 Meriton Grand Hotel Tallinn is a four-star hotel in Tallinn Estonia to the west of Alexander Nevsky Cathedral. The hotel was established in 1999. Its restaurant is noted for its international and Belgian cuisine and is considered one of the finest in the city. The hotel has 465 guestrooms of which 157 are classic rooms 280 standard 12 triple 13 junior suites 2 suites with sauna and a Grand suite with both a sauna and jacuzzi.
 Mount Torbreck is a mountain (elevation 1516 metres) in Victoria Australia 150 km from Melbourne. The mountain was listed as a place that could be declared as an alpine resort in The Alpine Resorts Act 1983 however no resort was ever developed on the site and it was recommended to be changed to a natural and scenic features reserve in 1994.Mount Torbreck was the site of a plane crash involving an RAAF Avro Anson in 1940
 John Ogar Odey (born November 1 1959) was appointed Nigerian minister of information and communications in July 2007 and became minister for environment in December 2008 after President Umaru Yar'Adua reshuffled his cabinet.Odey graduated with a B.Sc.
 Minudasht (Persian: مينودشت ‎ also Romanized as Mīnūdasht; also known as Leylan Leylīān Līlān Līlīan (Persian: ليليان) and Līrīan) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 782 in 193 families.
 Cold Dark Matter is the fifth release by Industrial metal band Red Harvest. It was released in 2000. It was later re-released in 2001 in the US with extra tracks.
 Thomas Roger West is a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's one hundred twentieth House district including constituents in Cherokee Clay Graham and Macon counties. A contractor from Marble North Carolina West is currently (2010-2011 session) serving in his sixth term in the state House.
 Metsaküla is a village in Ridala Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 The Hermitage of Nossa Senhora dos Anjos is a hermitage/chapel located in the village of Anjos on the northcoast of the civil parish of Vila do Porto (municipality of the same name) on the island of Santa Maria in the Portuguese Azores.
 Glamazon is the fifth studio album from singer and drag queen RuPaul. It was released on iTunes through RuCo on April 25 2011 coinciding with the third season finale of RuPaul's Drag Race. The album is a mix of dance electro pop R&B and hip-hop.
 Mickey's Rescue is a 1934 talkie short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Jesse Duffy the two-reel short was released to theaters on March 23 1934 by Post Pictures Corp.
 The giant golden mole (Chrysospalax trevelyani) is an endangered species of golden mole whose natural habit is the forests of Eastern Cape Province in South Africa.The species was first collected by Herbert Trevelyan hunting near Pirie Forest near King William's town in British Caffraria. This 10 inch long mole is dark chocolate brown above with whitish underfur. The claws and margin of the lips are whitish. It is blind and has no external ear lobes and lacks a tail.
 Coboconk is a community in the city of Kawartha Lakes in the south-central portion of the Canadian province of Ontario. The village lies at the junction of Highway 35 and former Highway 48 on the northern tip of Balsam Lake the highest point on the Trent–Severn Waterway. Coboconk has a rich and unique history amongst the villages of Kawartha Lakes and has played a prominent role in the logging limestone and tourism industries of the region over the past 150 years.
 The Point Douglas-St. Louis River Road Bridge is the oldest known stone arch bridge in the state of Minnesota. Located near Stillwater the bridge dates back to 1863 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Main Awara Hoon is an Indian film directed by Ashim S. Samanta and released in 1983. The movie based on a story by late Gulshan Nanda stars Sanjay Dutt Raj Babbar Jayapradha and Rati Agnihotri.
 Shadow (Polish: Cień) is a 1956 Polish film directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
 Island Pond is a 12-acre (49000 m2) pond in the South Pond section of Plymouth Massachusetts one of three ponds named Island Pond within the town (One is located in the Cedarville section of town and the other is in The Pinehills development better known as Great Island Pond). The pond is part of the Eel River watershed.
 First Grand Constitution and Bylaws is the debut studio album by American experimental rock band Secret Chiefs 3. It was released on September 30 1996 through Amarillo Records.
 Louis R. Lou Tobacco (born May 16 1972) was a member of the New York State Assembly representing Staten Island's 62nd District.
 The Slave is a novel written by Isaac Bashevis Singer originally written in Yiddish that tells the story of Jacob a scholar sold into slavery in the aftermath of the Khmelnytsky massacres who falls in love with a gentile woman. Through the eyes of Jacob the book recounts the history of Jewish settlement in Poland at the end of the 17th century. While most of the book's protagonists are Jews the book is also a criticism of Orthodox Jewish society.
 Carillade is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Louis J. Adams House is a historic house located in Silverton in Marion County Oregon. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.It is a prominent building in Silverton. It is a Craftsman architecture house that is deemed an outstanding example of the style. It is one of three houses in Silverton listed in the same day.
 Paradesi (Poongothai in Tamil) is a 1953 bi-lingual film directed by L. V. Prasad. A remake of the 1950 Hindi film Raj Rani Paradesi was jointly produced by Anjali Devi and her husband P. Adinarayana Rao under the newly formed banner Anjali Pictures. The film starred Akkineni Nageswara Rao and Anjali Devi in the lead. It launched the career of Sivaji Ganesan who along with S. V. Ranga Rao Pandari Bai and Vasantha played a prominent role. The film deals with incest relationship.
 Domus is an architecture and design magazine founded in 1928 by architect Gio Ponti and Barnabite father Giovanni Semeria. Published by Editoriale Domus the magazine is issued 11 times a year on a monthly basis.
 Juke Girl is a 1942 film.
 Chah-e Mohandas Quami va Hajj Mohammad Yazdi (Persian: چاه مهندس قوامي وحاج محمديزدي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Mohandas Qūāmī va Ḩājj Moḩammad Yazdī) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District Bahman District Abarkuh County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Skudzawy [skuˈd͡zavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Antonin [anˈtɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Żerków 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Jarocin and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 180.
 Harry William Arthurs OC OOnt FRSC (born May 9 1935) is a Canadian lawyer academic and academic administrator. He is one of Canada's leading labour law scholars.Born in Toronto Ontario he attended the Oakwood Collegiate Institute received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1955 and a Bachelor of Law degree in 1958 from the University of Toronto. He received a Master of Law in 1959 from the Harvard Law School. He was called to the Ontario Bar in 1961.
 The Chavanon (Occitan: Chavanon) (also called la Ramade) is a 54.2 km (33.7 mi) long river in the Creuse Puy-de-Dôme and Corrèze départements central France. Its source is in Crocq. It flows generally southeast. It is a right tributary of the Dordogne into which it flows between Savennes and Confolent-Port-Dieu.On most of its course it forms part of the boundary between the Limousin and Auvergne regions.
 Evolutionary Biology is a college-level evolutionary biology textbook written by Eli C. Minkoff that is 627 pages long. It was published in 1983 by Addison-Wesley. This is Dr. Minkoff's first foray into the world of college-level textbook authorship. The book contains an index and various biographical references.
 First appearing in 1689 (although dated 1690) with the printed title An Essay Concerning Humane Understanding An Essay Concerning Human Understanding by John Locke concerns the foundation of human knowledge and understanding. He describes the mind at birth as a blank slate (tabula rasa although he did not use those actual words) filled later through experience.
 Nature Reviews Molecular Cell Biology is a peer-reviewed monthly review journal that was established in October 2000 and is published by Nature Publishing Group. It covers all aspects of molecular and cell biology. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal had a 2012 impact factor of 37.162 ranking it first out of 184 journals in the category Cell Biology.
 Geet is a 1992 Bollywood Hindi film released on 20 November 1992 starring Divya Bharti Avinash Wadhavan Shakti Kapoor Laxmikant Berde Dharmesh Tiwari.
 Frantic City is the second studio album by Teenage Head. Released in 1980 it was a hit in Canada going gold.
 The Nostril Picker is a 1993 horror film of the slasher genre. The film stars Carl Zschering as Joe Bukowski a homicidal maniac who uses his special ability to get close to his female targets. Despite the name the film plot does not directly revolve around a man who picks his nose. Instead Joe Bukowski learns a chant from a homeless man in return for a small proportion of his alcoholic beverage and this chant transforms Joe into a form of anybody he pleases.
 The Radcliffe Camera (Camera meaning room in Latin; colloquially Rad Cam) is a building of Oxford University England designed by James Gibbs in neo-classical style and built in 1737–1749 to house the Radcliffe Science Library. It is sited to the south of the Old Bodleian north of St.
 A Heavy Mental Christmas is a CD released by heavy metal band Helix in 2008. It is Helix' 11th full length studio album and 20th album released overall. It is a Christmas album featuring both standards and original music. It was released in Walmart stores in Canada in October 2008 through Universal Music and GBS Records.
 The Boston Post Road Historic District is a historic district including 3 pre-civil war mansions and their grounds a 10000 year old Paleo-Indian meadow and viewshed a cemetery and a nature preserve.
 Amphiscapha is a fossil gastropod mollusk or less likely a monoplacophoran genus from the Pennsylvanian and Lower Permian of North and South America included in the family Euomphalidae. It is sometimes regarded as a subgenus of Straparollus S. (Amphiscapha) Knight 1942
 Rhythm of Time is an album by Jordan Rudess recorded and released in 2004.In order to create the album before he went on tour with Dream Theater in 2004 Rudess lived in complete seclusion from the rest of the world for 14 days. With no telephone e-mail or other social contact Rudess only spoke to his family and his personal assistant.The initial printing run of the United States version of the album contained a bonus CD-ROM section.
 The Tainița River is a tributary of the Bâsca Roziliei River in Romania.
 Siedluchno [ɕeˈdluxnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orchowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Norte Grande Geography Journal or Revista de geografía Norte Grande is an academic journal published by the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile. Its scope was initially confined to geography related topics of northern Chile. In 1980 it changed its name from Norte Grande to Revista de geografía Norte Grande reflecting a broadened scope to emcompass all of Chile extending to Latin American topics.
 Plovanija is a village in Croatia near the border with Slovenia. It is connected by the D200 highway.
 Sea Beast also known as Troglodyte is a Canadian 2009 Horror/Syfy Channel movie starring Miriam McDonald Daniel Wisler Brandon Jay McLaren and Corin Nemec. It was released to DVD on June 30 2009. It is the 16th film of the Maneater Series. It is probably a reference to the Deep Ones.
 Sagenodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric sarcopterygian or lobe-finned fish.
 Crocidosema insulana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile (Santiago Masatierra Island Coquimbo Valparaiso Maule and Bio-Bio).
 Skoszewo [skɔˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Brusy 37 km (23 mi) north of Chojnice and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 64.
 The Strona di Postua (Piemontese: Stron-a ëd Pòstua) is a 14.1 kilometres (8.8 mi) long torrent in the Piedmont region - NW Italy.
 The Siriu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Siriu Mare and Siriu Mic
 Kulamanickam (West) is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.Kulamanickam is a beautiful village on the northern bank of river Kollidam (Coleroon). People of all faiths live in harmony and peace. There are two Elementary school ( U C School and St. Ignatius School) and one St. Ignatius High School.Kulamanickam and Sembiyekudi and twin villages which look like one big village. Both are separate Panjayats.
 Withnail and I is a 1987 black comedy film produced by George Harrison's HandMade Films. It was written and directed by Bruce Robinson and is based on his life in London in the late 1960s. The main plot follows two unemployed young actors Withnail and “I” (portrayed by Richard E. Grant and Paul McGann) who live in a squalid flat in Camden Town in 1969 while waiting for their careers to take off.
 Ann E. Peoples (born January 31 1947) is a Maine politician. A Democrat Peoples was elected for the third time in 2010 to represent part of Westbrook Cumberland County. She also has served on Westbrook's City Council and Planning Board.
 Appearances is a 1921 feature length British drama film directed by Donald Crisp. Alfred Hitchcock is credited as a title designer. It is a lost film.
 The Nonette is a tributary to the river Oise in northern France.
 Proteomics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering topics including whole proteome analysis of organisms protein expression profiling disease pharmaceutical agricultural and biotechnological applications and analysis of cellular systems organelles and protein complexes. The 2009 impact factor was 4.426.
 Avanavancherry is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Angelina Sandoval-Gutierrez (born February 28 1938) is a Filipino jurist who served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 2000 to 2008. She was the last appointment to the Court made by President Joseph Estrada.
 The Ganale Dorya River (also transliterated as Genale Dorya) is a perennial river in southeastern Ethiopia. Rising in the mountains east of Aleta Wendo the Ganale flows south and east to join with the Dawa at the border with Somalia to become the Jubba. Tributaries include the Welmel Weyib (also known as Gestro) Dumale Doya Hawas and the Hambala.
 The Lake Masketsi is located in the unorganized territory of Lac-Masketsi in the Mekinac Regional County Municipality in Mauricie in Quebec in Canada.
 The Boceasa River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 The Castle of Tawseelah (from Arabic: قلعة توصيلة‎ (Persian: قلعه توصیله‎) Aamaj castle is a fortified structure surrounded by trenches in North Kukherd Rural District in Kukherd District Hormozgan Province in south Iran.
 Grey Britain is the second album by English hardcore punk band Gallows released 2 May 2009 through Warner Bros. Records. It is their last album to feature lead singer Frank Carter and their first with guitarist Steph Carter writing and recording.
 Sachaa Jhutha (Hindi: सच्चा झूठा English: Honest Liar) is a 1970 Indian Hindi film directed by Manmohan Desai. The movie was a box-office blockbuster. The movie stars Rajesh Khanna as a simple villager who has a look alike who is a crook. It also stars Mumtaz and Vinod Khanna. The music is by Kalyanji Anandji. The film was the second highest grossing of the year and declared a Super Hit.
 Temple Beth Sholom is the largest and oldest Reform Synagogue on Miami Beach Florida with 1130 member households. Temple Beth Sholom is a member of the Union for Reform Judaism and in the mainstream of liberal Judaism.
 Friends Meeting House Richmond is a building in Retreat Road just off Friars Lane in the centre of Richmond London in which Richmond-upon-Thames Quakers meet for worship for an hour each Sunday morning.
 Swarm! is the second album by the Finnish death metal band Torture Killer released on February 24 2006. The album is the only album by Torture Killer to feature vocalist Chris Barnes.
 West Side Story is a 1961 American musical film directed by Robert Wise and Jerome Robbins. The film is an adaptation of the 1957 Broadway musical of the same name which in turn was inspired by William Shakespeare's play Romeo and Juliet. It stars Natalie Wood Richard Beymer Russ Tamblyn Rita Moreno and George Chakiris and was photographed by Daniel L. Fapp A.S.C. in Super Panavision 70.The film was released on October 18 1961 through United Artists.
 Tuderna (Võro: Tudõrna) is a village in Orava Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia. It's located on the left bank of Piusa River between Soena and Piusa villages.Tuderna has a station on currently inactive Valga–Pechory railway.
 Bathyliotina armata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae.
 The Jaburu River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Jansky is a lunar impact crater that lies along the eastern limb of the Moon. It lies due east of the larger walled plain Neper along the southern edge of the Mare Marginis. Due to its location this crater is viewed from the side from Earth limiting the amount of detail that can be observed. The visibility is also affected by libration which can completely conceal this formation from view.This is a worn crater with an eroded rim.
 The Black Duck River is a short river in St. Mary's Bay Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. It flows from its source through the Black Duck Ponds to its mouth at the Rocky River near the community of Colinet just upstream of that river's mouth at St. Mary's Bay on the Atlantic Ocean.
 Midway Lady (foaled 1983) was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won two British Classic Races in 1986. In a racing career lasting from August 1985 until June 1986 the filly ran six times and won her last five races. She sustained her only defeat when finishing second on her racecourse debut but won her remaining three races in 1985 including the May Hill Stakes at Doncaster and the Prix Marcel Boussac at Longchamp.
 New Times Broward-Palm Beach is an alternative weekly newspaper; it is part of the Voice Media Group chain. The paper split off from the Miami New Times in 1997 under the auspices of then editor-in-chief Tom Walsh. Walsh was succeeded by Chuck Strouse who was replaced in 2005 with Tony Ortega. In March 2007 Ortega was appointed as editor-in-chief of the company's flagship paper The Village Voice.
 The Peoples Gas Building at 122 South Michigan Avenue on the corner of Adams Street in the Loop community area of Chicago Illinois is a 265-foot (81 m) 21-story office building which was built from 1910 to 1911 and was designed by D.H. Burnham & Company. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 and is also a contributing property for Chicago's Michigan Boulevard Historic District.
 Romance on Film Romance on Broadway is a 2000 album by American vocalist Michael Feinstein arranged by Alan Broadbent and John Oddo. It was Feinstein's third album for the Concord label.
 Willard Hall (December 24 1780 - May 10 1875) was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington in New Castle County Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic-Republican Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly as U.S. Representative from Delaware and as a judge for the United States District Court for the District of Delaware.
 Sątyrz Pierwszy [ˈsɔntɨʂ ˈpjɛrfʂɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Chociwel 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 58 km (36 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 27.
 The Maze is an American horror film directed by Stephen Shimek and starringShalaina Castle Brandon Sean Pearson Clare Niederpruem Kyle Paul and Will Tye Nelson. With a budget of $200000 it was released to theaters on 19 October 2010.
 Babella caelata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of twelve species in the Babella genus of Gastropods.
 José Rufino Echenique Benavente (November 16 1808 Puno Peru – June 16 1887 Lima Peru) was President of Peru in 1851.He participated in the Peruvian War of Independence. In 1851 Echenique won the presidential elections to succeed Ramón Castilla. Under his government the first civil laws of Peru were promulgated and slavery was abolished.
 Alexandre Iracà is a Canadian politician in Quebec. He is the current member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Papineau first elected in the 2012 election.
 The Rainy Season is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Marc Cohn released in 1993.The album peaked at #63 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Leland Castle (also known as Castle View) is a 19th-century Gothic revival castle located on the campus of the College of New Rochelle in New Rochelle New York. The castle was originally the residence of Simeon Leland a wealthy New York City hotel proprietor. Mr. Leland began to assemble an estate as early as 1848 and in 1855 began the erection of a palatial mansion of sixty rooms. The home was designed by New York City architect William Thomas Beers.
 Salim Chaf (Persian: سليم چاف‎ also Romanized as Salīm Chāf; also known as Salīm Chāk) is a village in Dehgah Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 360 in 109 families.
 The Rocks Village Historic District is a historic district in eastern Haverhill Massachusetts.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Lignon du Forez (French: le Lignon du Forez also called le Lignon de Chalmazel) is a 58.1 km (36.1 mi) long river in the Loire department east-central France. Its source is near Chalmazel. It flows generally east. It is a left tributary of the Loire into which it flows near Feurs.
 Microliobunum is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Shogun's Samurai (柳生一族の陰謀 Yagyū Ichizoku no Inbō) also known as The Yagyu Clan Conspiracy and Intrigue of the Yagyu Clan is a 1978 Japanese historical martial arts period film directed by Kinji Fukasaku. The film is the first of two period films by Fukasaku starring Shinichi Sonny Chiba as Jūbei Mitsuyoshi Yagyū the other being Samurai Reincarnation.
 Alibi Ike is a 1935 American romantic comedy film directed by Ray Enright and starring Joe E. Brown and Olivia de Havilland. Based on the short story Alibi Ike by Ring Lardner the film is about an ace baseball player nicknamed Alibi Ike due to his penchant for making up excuses. After falling in love with the beautiful sister-in-law of the team manager he is kidnapped by gangsters who want him to throw the World Series. Alibi Ike was the most successful of Joe E.
 The Cottage is a 2008 British darkly comic horror film written and directed by Paul Andrew Williams.
 Przewóz [ˈpʂɛvus] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Territorial Army centre was built on Derby Road in Nottingham between 1910 and 1912 by architects Arthur Brewill and Basil Baily. It is a Grade II listed building.
 Ochrodion gahani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 David Kellogg Cartter (June 22 1812 – April 16 1887) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio and later a diplomat and federal judge.Born in Jefferson County New York Cartter pursued preparatory studies reading law in Rochester New York and being admitted to the bar there in 1832.
 Arrow Peak elevation 13809 ft (4209 m) is a summit in the Needle Mountains of southwestern Colorado. The peak is in the Weminuche Wilderness southeast of Silverton.
 Ladpura is a village in Nagaur district of Rajasthan state in northwestern India about 15 km west Pushkar and 26 km west of Ajmer. The village falls under the Riyan Bari sub division and Degana Tehsil.
 A sequel to the six-times platinum Via Dalma Sergio Dalma's Via Dalma II reunited the pop singer with producer Claudio Guidetti and continued with the same format: Spanish-language versions of popular Italian songs. The disc was almost as successful as its predecessor spending five weeks at No. 1 on the official chart released by Productores de Música de España and achieving quadruple platinum status after spending 49 weeks on the chart.Four singles were released from the album.
 Piotrowice [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Stężyca 18 km (11 mi) west of Ryki and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Venusia ochrota is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Nepal and China.
 Eumenogaster baura is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by D. Jones in 1914. It is found in Brazil.
 Thersana is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 30 Years To The Day is an album by hip hop group Rock Steady Crew and J.Period. The album is a 30 year commemorative compilation for the history of the group. It features various songs from old school artists such as Grandmaster Flash Afrika Bambaataa James Brown and Sugarhill Gang.
 The Friedrichsmoorer Karpfenteiche are ponds in the west of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 35.5–36.9 m its surface area is 3.3 km².
 Acta Classica: Proceedings of the Classical Association of South Africa is an academic journal that publishes contributions on any aspect of classical studies including studies in ancient literature and history as well as Patristic and Byzantine themes. It is published by the Classical Association of South Africa. The editor-in-chief is David Wardle (University of Cape Town ).
 My Kind of Blues is the sixth studio album released by B. B. King in 1961. A remastered and expanded edition was released in 2003.
 Charles Konan Banny (born 11 November 1942) was Prime Minister of Côte d'Ivoire from 7 December 2005 until 4 April 2007.Banny joined the Central Bank of West African States (BCEAO) in 1976 holding various positions in the Bank over the years. In 1988 he became Special Advisor to the Governor of BCEAO. After BCEAO Governor Alassane Ouattara became Prime Minister of Côte d'Ivoire Banny was appointed Interim Governor on 4 December 1990.
 George Burnham Holstead Jr. (July 31 1924-December 27 2002) was an attorney in Ruston Louisiana who was a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1964-1980.
 Drunken Master is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Yuen Woo-ping and starring Jackie Chan Yuen Siu-tien and Hwang Jang Lee. The film was a success at the Hong Kong box office earning two and a half times the amount of Chan's previous film Snake in the Eagle's Shadow which was also considered a successful film. It is an early example of the comedic kung fu style for which Jackie Chan became famous. The film popularised the Zui Quan (醉拳 drunken fist) fighting movemen.
 The McHenry County Courthouse in Towner North Dakota was built in 1907. Along with a number of other North Dakota courthouses designed by its architects Buechner & Orth it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It includes Beaux Arts architecture and is said to be an economy version of the architects' Traill County Courthouse design. Its surface is buff brown brick and it has a limestone line about the first floor level.
 George Francis Robert Harris 3rd Baron Harris GCSI (14 August 1810 – 23 November 1872) was a British peer Liberal politician and colonial administrator. He served as the Governor of Trinidad from 1846 to 1854 and Madras from 1854 to 1859.Harris was born to William Harris 2nd Baron Harris and his wife Eliza Selina Anne on 14 August 1810 and educated at Merton College Oxford and Christ College Oxford.
 Un crisantemo estalla en cinco esquinas (English: A Chrysanthemum Bursts in Cincoesquinas) is a 1998 Argentine Brazilian French and Spanish film written and directed by Daniel Burman his first feature film. The picture was produced by Diego Dubcovsky.
 24/7 is the debut solo album from Kevon Edmonds after he left the group After 7. Released on October 26 1999 via RCA Records the album peaked at #77 on the Billboard 200. The album's title track was the only hit on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at #10.
 Ceremony is a novel by Native American writer Leslie Marmon Silko first published by Penguin in March 1977. The title Ceremony is based upon the oral traditions and ceremonial practices of the Navajo and pueblo people.
 Acrolophus furcatus is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It was described by Walsingham in 1887. It is found in North America including Arizona California andTexas.
 Suteh (Persian: سوته‎ also Romanized as Sūteh) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The genus Elasmus is the only member of the hymenopteran subfamily Elasminae (formerly classified as a separate family Elasmidae) and contains over 200 species worldwide. They are mostly parasitoids or hyperparasitoids of lepidopteran larvae though several species are parasitoids of Polistes paper wasp larvae.
 Bhaktapur Cancer Hospital is cancer hospital located in Bhaktapur Nepal.
 Byrma (Russian: Бырма) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Turka River which in turn is a tributary of Iren River. The length of the river is 44 km.
 Yongwang mountain is a mountain in Seoul Yangcheon District Mok-dong Korea.Its height is 78 metres (256 ft) and it is also called umji mountain.
 Prażki [ˈpraʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będków within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Będków 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 The University Hospital of Hartlepool is a general hospital in Hartlepool England. It Is part of the North Tees and Hartlepool NHS Foundation Trust and provides healthcare to people living in southeast Durham
 Markowa [marˈkɔva] (Ukrainian: Маркова Markova) is a village in Łańcut County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Markowa. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 miles) south-east of Łańcut and 22 kilometres (14 miles) east of the regional capital Rzeszów. The village has a population of 4100; it was founded in 14th century as Markhof by the descendants of Germans colonists.
 Epilobocera sinuatifrons (Spanish common name: Buruquena) is a freshwater crab of the Pseudothelphusidae family in the Decapoda order. The species is common in the Toro Negro State Forest in central Puerto Rico. It is one of the most abundant predatory freshwater decapods. The species is widely distributed in streams of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. It is endemic to the mainland of Puerto Rico.
 My Date with the President's Daughter is a 1998 television film produced by Buena Vista Home Entertainment and Walt Disney. The film premiered as part of ABC's revival of The Wonderful World of Disney. It was shot in various locations around Toronto Ontario Canada.
 Eatoniopsis is a genus of minute sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoidae.This species has been declared a synonym of the genus Skenella in the family Cingulopsidae.
 Down to Earth is the debut album by Monie Love which was released on October 30 1990 on Warner Bros. Records. It peaked at 109 on the Billboard 200 and at 26 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and spawned three charting singles.
 Alanya Castle (Alanya Kalesi) is a medieval castle in the southern Turkish city of Alanya.
 Oxylides feminina is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda the Democratic Republic of Congo (Sankuru Lualaba Shaba Maniema and Kivu) and north-western Zambia.
 90's My Life is an EP released by The Pillows on October 25 1990. It was re-released on March 8 2004 as 90's My Life Returns with five additional tracks. The original EP like its predecessor Pantomime has since gone out of print.
 Chaetobranchus is a small genus of cichlid fishes from South America where they are native to the Amazon Basin Orinoco Basin and rivers in the Guianas.
 The Hits is a compilation by Ace of Base was released in South Africa in late 2004.
 Let the Truth Be Known is the debut album by hard rock supergroup Souls of We released on May 27 2008 via the group's official website with the first 1000 copies with blues musician Robert Johnson inspired album artwork signed by members London LeGrand and George Lynch. The album was later released on November 4 of the same year through Shrapnel Records under the moniker George Lynch's Souls of We with new album artwork a rearranged track listing as well the additional track Nork 13.
 Ryahovtsite is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Sgùrr nan Each is a Scottish mountain situated in the group of hills known as the Fannichs. It is 27 kilometres (17 mi) south of Ullapool in the Ross and Cromarty district of the Highland council area.
 Coleophora heihensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in China.The wingspan is 16.5-17.5 mm.
 Trichaeta bivittata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea Rwanda Sierra Leone and Gambia.
 Arctic is a quarterly peer-reviewed multidisciplinary scientific journal published by the Arctic Institute of North America. The focus of Arctic is original research articles on all topics about or related to the northern polar and sub-polar regions of the world.
 Philip Wayne Johnson known as Phil Johnson (born October 24 1944) is a Justice of the nine-member Supreme Court of Texas. He has held the Place 8 seat since 2005.On March 15 2005 Johnson was appointed to his state's Supreme Court by Governor Rick Perry to fill a vacancy created by the appointment of Michael H. Schneider to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas by U.S. President George W. Bush.
 The Capivara River (Tocantins River) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The White-bellied Honeyeater (Phylidonyris notabilis) also known as the New Hebrides Honeyeater is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family. It is endemic to the Melanesian island nation of Vanuatu.
 Seebert Lane Colored School also known as Pleasant Green School and Hillsboro School is a historic one-room school for African-American students located at Seebert Pocahontas County West Virginia. It was built about 1898 and is a one-story front-gable fram building. The rectangular plan building measures approximately 24 feet 4 inches by 40 feet 4 inches. The building has a symmetrical facade small porch supported by two simple rounded columns and a cupola.
 Robert Ameerali (born 16 August 1961 Paramaribo) is a Surinamese politician who has been Vice President of Suriname since 2010. Previously he was the chairman of the Kamer van Koophandel en Fabrieken or Chamber of Commerce. He was nominated by the General Liberation and Development Party (Algemene Bevrijdings- en Ontwikkelingspartij ABOP) which was founded and is still chaired by ex-rebel leader and convict Ronnie Brunswijk. He was inaugurated as Vice President on 12 August 2010.
 Priya Amar Jaan (Bengali: প্রিয়া আমার জান)(earlier titled 'Tomari Chilam Tomari Achi') is a Bangladeshi romance film directed by Razo Chowdhury and starring are Shakib Khan Apu Ali Raaz Misha Sawdagar Asif Iqbal and Joli. release on Eid al Adha of 7 November 2011. and become one of the top grossing film of 2011.
 The Bângăleasa River is a tributary of the Turcu River in Romania. It strats at the junction of headwaters Bucşa and Grohotişul
 Brent R. Appel (born July 13 1950) is a Justice of the Iowa Supreme Court nominated by Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack for a term starting in 2006 to succeed James Carter on the Court. His wife Staci Appel is a former member of the Iowa Senate from the 37th district. He has six children Evan Noring Jacob Isaac Olivia Micheal and Samuel. Appel graduated from Stanford University with concurrent A.B. and A.M. degrees in 1973. He earned his J.D.
 Big Wheels: A Tale of the Laundry Game (Milkman #2) is a short story by Stephen King first published in the 1980 anthology New Terrors edited by Ramsey Campbell and collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew.
 Kenneth Joseph Ken Howard Jr. (born March 28 1944) is an American actor best known for his roles as Thomas Jefferson in 1776 and as basketball coach and former Chicago Bulls player Ken Reeves in the television show The White Shadow. He was elected president of the Screen Actors Guild in September 2009 and elected to a second term in September 2011.
 My Brilliant Career is a 1979 Australian drama film directed by Gillian Armstrong and based on the novel of the same name by Miles Franklin.The film was released in Australia on 17 August 1979; in the United States on 6 October 1979 at the New York Film Festival and 1 February 1980 in limited U.S. theaters; in Japan on 2 January 1982; and in Poland on 23 July 2007 at Era New Horizons Film Festival. The film is also available in DVD in several regions including Region 1 DVD.
 Hanayamata (ハナヤマタ) is a Japanese manga series by Sou Hamayumiba serialized in Houbunsha's seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Forward since 2011. It has been collected in four tankōbon volumes as of January 2014. An anime television series adaptation by Madhouse has been announced and is scheduled to air from July 2014.
 A Rage Against Heaven is a 1978 historical novel written by Fred Mustard Stewart and published by Penguin Books. The story spans the American Civil War starting with South Carolina's secession from the Union in the first chapter.
 Amma (English: Mother) is a 1952 Malayalam film directed by K. Vembu and written by Nagavally R. S. Kurupwhich is based on L.V Prasad's Telugu movie Shavukar. It was one of the two films that enjoyed success among the 11 Malayalam films which released in 1952 the other being Prem Nazir-starrer Visappinte Vili. The cast of Amma includes Lalitha B. S. Saroja Aranmula Ponnamma Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair M. N. Nambiar T. S. Dorairaj P. M. Devan Gopalan Nair T. S. Muthaiah and Sharma.
 Jaguar Lives! is a 1979 Spanish-American action film directed by Ernest Pintoff and starring Joe Lewis Christopher Lee Donald Pleasence and Barbara Bach. A secret agent battles an international drugs ring.
 Piz Vadret is a mountain of the Swiss Livigno Alps located east of Samedan in the canton of Graubünden. It lies just north of Fuorcla Muragl between the valleys of Champagna Muragl and Prüna.The closest access is from the funicular station at Muottas Muragl.
 Alan Eugene Norris (born 1935) is a United States federal judge.Born in Columbus Ohio Norris received a B.A. from Otterbein College in 1957 an LL.B. from New York University School of Law in 1960 and an LL.M. from University of Virginia School of Law in 1986. He was a law clerk to Kingsley A. Taft of the Supreme Court of Ohio from 1960 to 1961.
 Jubilee (1966) is a historical novel written by Margaret Walker which focuses on the story of a biracial slave during the American Civil War. It is set in Georgia and later in various parts of Alabama in the mid-19th century before during and after the Civil War.
 The Salem Diner is a historic diner at 701⁄2 Loring Avenue in Salem Massachusetts. It is one of two Sterling Streamliner diners left in Massachusetts and still stands at its original location. Designated car #4106 it was also one of the last made by the Sterling Company before it closed its doors in 1942. The diner body features a wood frame and porcelain enamel exterior. It has a metal hipped barrel roof and its eastern end features a characteristic shovel nose.
 The Westin Paris – Vendôme at 3 rue de Castiglione on the corner of the rue de Rivoli facing the Tuileries Garden opened in April 1878 as the Hôtel Continental It was designed by Charles Garnier's nephew Henri Blondel and was intended to be the most luxurious hotel in Paris at the time. It occupied a full block the former premises of the Ministry of Finance (burned in 1871) which had been designed by François-Hippolyte Destailleur in 1817 following the Bourbon Restoration.
 Marat Morad (Persian: مرتع مراد‎ also Romanized as Maratʿ Morād) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Easy! (Italian: Scialla!) is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Francesco Bruni.
 Mekalmaradi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 James Hilary Gildea (October 21 1890–June 5 1988) was a newspaperman and a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.James H. Gildea was born in Coaldale Schuylkill County Pennsylvania. He was apprenticed to the printing trade in 1905. He was engaged in the newspaper publishing business from 1910 when he founded the Coaldale Observer.
 Zaza Reservoir (Spanish: Embalse Zaza La Presa Zaza) is the largest man-made reservoir in Cuba. It is located in the Sancti Spíritus Province in central Cuba 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) south-east of the city of Sancti Spíritus and 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) north-west of La Sierpe. It has a water mirror area of 113.5 km2 (43.8 sq mi). and an average volume of 750000000 m³.
 Shadow Dancer is a 2012 British-Irish drama film directed by James Marsh and based on the novel of the same name by Tom Bradby who also wrote the film's script. The film premiered at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival and was screened out of competition at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival in February 2012.
 Running on Empty is the 36th young adult novel in the long running and successful Hardy Boys casebook series for boys written by Franklin W. Dixon. It was first published by Simon Pulse in 1990. In it The Hardy Boys investigate the disappearance of their friend Chet Morton and go undercover.
 Frank Grant Sawyer (December 14 1918 – February 19 1996) was an American politician. He was the 21st Governor of Nevada from 1959 to 1967. He was a member of the Democratic Party.Sawyer was born on December 14 1918 in Twin Falls Idaho. He was the son of two osteopaths Harry William and Bula Belle Cameron Sawyer (and the youngest of three boys). Sawyer served in the U.S. Army during World War II. After the war he married Bette Norene Hoge on August 1 1946.
 Evansville Standpipe is a historic water tower located in Evansville Wisconsin. The 80-ft tall steel tower was built in 1901 by the Chicago Bridge & Iron Company as part of the development of the local water supply system spurred on by a devastating fire in 1896 that destroyed a large section of downtown Evansville. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Electronics Weekly is a weekly trade journal for electronics professionals which was first published by Reed Business Information on 7 September 1960. It is available in print and electronic formats and the readership is audited by BPA Worldwide which verifies its circulation twice yearly. The magazine's circulation in 2007 was 40918.
 Begging for Love (愛を乞うひと Ai o Kou Hito) is a 1998 Japanese film directed by Hideyuki Hirayama. It was Japan's submission to the 71st Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee. It was chosen as Best Film at the Japan Academy Prize ceremony.
 God Made You Special is a special DVD collection of VeggieTales episodes released by Big Idea Inc.
 Kher Khereh (Persian: خرخره‎ also Romanized as Kherkhereh; also known as Jazīreh Kher Khereh and Beyt-e Yāsīn) is a village in Bahmanshir-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Abadan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 570 in 106 families.
 The Impossible (Arabic: المستحيل‎ translit. El mustahil) is a 1966 Egyptian drama film directed by Hussein Kamal. The film was selected as the Egyptian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 38th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Dentelbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Infinity and the Mind: The Science and Philosophy of the Infinite is a theoretical mathematics book by American mathematician computer scientist and science fiction writer Rudy Rucker.
 For the 2004 resurrection of the Bulletin see The Bulletin (newspaper).The Philadelphia Bulletin was a daily evening newspaper published from 1847 to 1982 in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was the largest circulation newspaper in Philadelphia for 76 years and was once the largest evening newspaper in the United States. It was widely known for its slogan: In Philadelphia nearly everybody reads The Bulletin.
 Steel Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Do Badan (English: Two Bodies) is a 1966 Hindi film directed by Raj Khosla and starring Manoj Kumar Asha Parekh Simi Garewal and Pran. The music is by Ravi. The film became a big hit at the box office. This is one of the few films with romance genre in which Manoj Kumar played role as a romantic hero who otherwise mostly acted in patriotic movies.
 The Pointe de Vouasson is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Lac des Dix in the canton of Valais. It lies between the valleys of Hérémence (west) and Arolla (east) north of the Aiguilles Rouges d'Arolla.The east side of the mountain is covered by a glacier named Glacier de Vouasson.
 Swapne Dekha Rajkanya is a Bengali film released in 2004. A family drama. The film stars Mithun Chakraborty and Jaya Prada in Guest roles along with Main Cast Amitava Bhattacharya and Ushoshi Mishra
 Kiss in the Blue is a Japanese manga series by Kaho Miyasaka. It was serialized in Sho-Comi in 1997 with 4 volumes total.This is a very dark and angst work much more so than Miyasaka's other works. Saeki Chise has no recollection of the summer of three years ago. Whenever she feels as though her memories might be returning her head begins to ache and Chise stops trying to remember. That's when Tamiya appears before her.
 Haji Amir Bux Junejo (24 December 1916 – 7 October 2011) was a Pakistani politician and Legendary landlord of Sindh who was elected four times member in Provisional Assembly Sindh. He was famously known as Otaqi Wadero of Sindh whose guest house was open to all and sundry where they were fed round the clock.
 Slippery Rock Creek is a small stream in Western Pennsylvania a tributary of Connoquenessing Creek. From its source in Hilliards in Butler County it flows through McConnells Mill State Park before flowing into the Connoquenessing in Ellwood City. Then the Connoquenessing flows into the Beaver River just three miles south from the mouth of Slippery Rock. Slippery Rock Creek is a favorite for whitewater kayakers and canoeists from Pittsburgh and Ohio.
 The Salvation Army Headquarters later known as the Seton Center was a former historic structure in St. Paul Minnesota. Deemed eligible for listing on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in February 1983 owner opposition prevented it from being officially listed. Despite protests by preservationists the building was demolished by its owner in January 1998.
 Agassiz Harrison Observer is a newspaper in Agassiz British Columbia.
 Mount Hiei (比叡山 Hiei-zan) is a mountain to the northeast of Kyoto lying on the border between the Kyoto and Shiga prefectures Japan.The temple of Enryaku-ji the first outpost of the Japanese Tendai (Chin. Tiantai) sect of Buddhism was founded atop Mount Hiei by Saichō in 788. Hōnen Nichiren and Shinran all studied at the temple before leaving to start their own practices.
 Control and Resistance is the second album by progressive metal band Watchtower released in 1989.
 St Peter's Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in the Toronto. It is situated close to Bathurst Street in the Mirvish Village area of the city. It is administered by the Paulist Fathers and it is their only presence in Canada.
 Palo Negro is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Frances Perkins (born Fannie Coralie Perkins; April 10 1880 – May 14 1965) was the U.S. Secretary of Labor from 1933 to 1945 and the first woman appointed to the U.S. Cabinet. As a loyal supporter of her friend Franklin D. Roosevelt she helped pull the labor movement into the New Deal coalition. She and Interior Secretary Harold L.
 Odyssey: The Remix Collection is a 2001 compilation of remixes from Delerium's past single releases.
 Mount Kimball is the highest mountain in the section of the eastern Alaska Range between Isabel Pass (traversed by the Richardson Highway) and Mentasta Pass (traversed by the Glenn Highway) about 30 miles from Paxson. It is one of the twenty most topographically prominent peaks in Alaska.
 S. B. Brodbeck Housing also known as The Brick House is a set of four historic rowhouses located at Codorus Township Pennsylvania York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1890-1891 and is a three-story plus attic brick building. It has a mansard roof with a fish-scale slate pattern in the Second Empire-style. The row measures 73 feet wide and 29 feet deep. It features a full-length two-story front porch and balcony with an intricate railing and post bracket pattern.
 Talakondapalle (Telugu: తలకొండపల్లి) is a Mandal in Mahbubnagar district Andhra Pradesh.
 Tinissa rigida is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found from Kai Island to New Guinea and has also been recorded from Kuranda in Queensland.The larvae probably feed on fungi growing on trees in forests.
 For current information about the library see Des Moines Public Library.The Public Library of Des Moines is an historic building in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States that was built in 1903. It was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 and became a contributing property in the Civic Center Historic District in 1988. The building ceased to be a library in 2006 and now houses the Norman E.
 Invasion is the second album by Canadian hip hop duo Dragon Fli Empire released in 2005 on Makebelieve Records. It was viewed as a progression in the duo's sound and features guest artists from Calgary Edmonton Vancouver Toronto Tacoma and Portland. Several tracks were included in different CD compilations. The track Roc the Crowd (featuring and produced by Ohmega Watts) was released as a 12 vinyl single on Bigfoot Records in 2007.
 Trail of Stars is the ninth album by American alternative country band The Walkabouts released on August 2 1999 through Glitterhouse Records. It's their return album to Glitterhouse formerly Sub Pop Europe after a two album detour with major label Virgin.
 Guy Swennen is a Belgian politician and a member of the Socialistische Partij Anders. He was co-opted as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2007.
 It Was a Wonderful Life is a 1993 documentary film about homeless women in the United States. It won the Gold Award at the WorldFest-Houston International Film Festival. It was also nominated for an award by the International Documentary Association and for Best Documentary at the Hawaii International Film Festival. The film follows six homeless women who were once part of the middle class and explores what caused them to become homeless.
 Kajuiyeh (Persian: كجوييه‎ also Romanized as Kajūīyeh; also known as Kowjū’īyeh) is a village in Dehaj Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 59 families.
 Zabagno [zaˈbaɡnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Tczew and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1511.
 Morgan Chapel and Graveyard also known as Christ Episcopal Church-Bunker Hill is a historic church in Bunker Hill Berkeley County West Virginia. It is the oldest Episcopal church congregation in West Virginia.In 1741 Morgan Morgan one of West Virginia's earliest settlers built the original log church on this site and the cemetery was established. The current Greek Revival building was constructed in 1851.
 Borzysław [bɔˈʐɨswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kępice 32 km (20 mi) south-west of Słupsk and 119 km (74 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 58.
 The Ford Rotunda once located across from the Ford Motor Company’s Administration Building in Dearborn Michigan was the 5th most popular tourist destination in the United States in the mid-twentieth century. This futuristic structure received more visits in the 1950s than did the Statue of Liberty. The Rotunda was originally built for the 1934 World’s Fair–“A Century of Progress International Exposition”–in Chicago Illinois.
 The TripleOne Somerset (Chinese: 新加坡能源大厦; pinyin: Xīnjiāpō néngyuán dàshà) is a high-rise commercial building and shopping mall on Somerset Road in Orchard Singapore. The building was first known as Public Utilities Board Building (PUB Building) until 1995 and was later known as Singapore Power Building until 2008 when acquired by YTL Corporation Pacific Star. It currently houses the corporate headquarters of Singapore Power.
 Klinga mina klockor (Ring my Bell) is an album by Benny Andersson released in 1987. This album of Swedish folk music was a hit in Scandinavia.
 Napalm and Silly Putty is a 2001 book by comedian George Carlin.
 Edward H. Larkin was a Massachusetts politician who served as the tenth mayor of Medford Massachusetts.
 Neural Computation is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering aspects of neural computation. Articles highlight problems and techniques in modeling the brain and in the design and construction of neurally-inspired information processing systems. Neural Computation was founded in 1989 and is published online and in hard copy by the MIT Press.
 James Diament Westcott Jr. (May 10 1802 – January 19 1880) was a United States Senator from Florida.
 Majdan Kawęczyński [ˈmai̯dan kavɛnˈt͡ʂɨɲski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Piaski 10 km (6 mi) south of Świdnik and 18 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 160.
 The Whitely's Toucanet or Tepui Toucanet (Aulacorhynchus whitelianus) is a South American species of bird in the Ramphastidae family. It is native to the humid forests of the tepuis and other highlands of the Guiana Shield. It was formerly considered conspecific with the Chestnut-tipped Toucanet.
 Me Nathuram Godse Boltoy (translation: This Is Nathuram Godse Speaking) is a two act play written in the Marathi language. It has been written by Pradeep Dalvi and produced by Uday Dhurat (Mauli productions). It is based on the book May It Please You Honour written by Gopal Godse. According to Karline McLain the play enacts Godse's defense plea and thus explores the assassination of Gandhi and the trial of Godse from Godse's point of view.
 Den siste revejakta is a Norwegian film from 2008 based on the novel by the same name. The movie is a comedy/drama. It was filmed in 2007 and premiered on 29 August 2008. The movie is directed by Ulrik Imtiaz Rolfsen.The title Den siste revejakta literally means 'The Last Fox Hunt' but the title is a play on words since the Norwegian word 'rev' can mean reefer. According to the Imdb the international title is The Last Joint Venture.
 Yamata no Orochi no Gyakushū (八岐之大蛇の逆襲 Eight-Headed Giant Serpent's Counterattack) is a tokusatsu kaiju fan film shot on 16mm by Daicon Films (now Gainax). It was released on December 1985 and runs at 72 minutes. This was the most heavily promoted of Daicon's fan films. It was so successful that it was released on video by Bandai/Emotion.
 The Whoop-Up Trail extending from Fort Benton Montana to Fort Hamilton Alberta (also known as Fort Whoop-Up) was a smuggling route between Montana and a relatively lawless region of Alberta in the 1870s. Trade goods such as guns metal implements and most notoriously alcohol were shipped north to trade with the Blackfeet around Lethbridge Alberta for buffalo robes.
 Qalebi-ye Olya (Persian: قالبي عليا‎ also Romanized as Qālebī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Qālebī) is a village in Veysian Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. In the 2006 census its population was measured at 392 with 97 families.
 Ocice [ɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] (German: Ottendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Bolesławiec and 109 km (68 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 800.
 Big Bad Jug is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1972 and released on the Prestige label.
 Northern Lights is a mixed office and residential building whose construction was completed in early 2010. It is located on the fast-developing Left Bank area of Astana Kazakhstan lying approximately halfway between the now iconic Bayterek Tower and the giant KazMunayGaz headquarters.
 LeToya is the debut studio album by American R&B singer and former Destiny's Child member LeToya Luckett released by Capitol Records on July 25 2006 in the United States. The album spawned three singles: Torn She Don't and Obvious. Besides the officially released singles LeToya's debut album also includes the promo singles U Got What I Need and All Eyes On Me. LeToya co-wrote 10 out of the 14 tracks.
 Elçiler is a village in the District of Tut Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Robert de Beaumont 2nd Earl of Leicester (1104 – 5 April 1168) was Justiciar of England 1155–1168.The surname de Beaumont is given him by genealogists. The only known contemporary surname applied to him is Robert son of Count Robert. Henry Knighton the fourteenth-century chronicler notes him as Robert Le Bossu (meaning Robert the Hunchback in French).
 Hale Springs Inn built in 1824 on the Courthouse Square in Rogersville Tennessee was the oldest continuously-operated Inn in Tennessee.
 Gene Wu is a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives. He has been serving since 2013. Wu was formerly a prosecutor for Harris County.
 Clone is the fourth studio album by British progressive metal band Threshold released in 1998. This album is the first to feature longtime singer Andrew Mac McDermott and the final album to feature drummer Mark Heaney.
 The Robaia River is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania.
 Critical Factor is a science fiction short story written by Hal Clement and published in 1953.
 Not Quite Dead Enough is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published in abridged form in the December 1942 issue of The American Magazine.
 Cancer Informatics is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal focusing on the application of computational biology to cancer research. It was established in 2005 and is published by Libertas Academica. The editor in chief is J. T. Efird.
 Vernon County Courthouse in Nevada Missouri was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.The current Vernon County Courthouse was the third one to be built in Nevada; the first was a two story building one block west of the present day courthouse. In addition to the court it was also used for church services. The first courthouse was burned during the Civil War.
 The Riederhorn (2230 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Riederalp in the canton of Valais. It lies near the western end of the chain south of the Aletsch Glacier.
 Chempazhanthy is a village in the suburbs of Thiruvananthapuram City the capital of Kerala state in India which lies about 7 km north. Chempazhanthy became notable after the birth of Sree Narayana Guru. There was a small hut called Vayalvaaram where Sree Narayana Guru was born in the Malayalam Era year 1032 in the Malayalam month of 'Chingam' under the star 'Chathayam' (August 1856 AD) . His father was Maadan (Maadan Aasan). His mother was Kuttiamma.
 Flower Power is the fourth studio album by the progressive rock band The Flower Kings which was released in 1999. It is also their second double-CD and includes the nearly one hour long epic composition Garden Of Dreams.A Japanese edition was released that contained some bonus tracks at the end of each disc.
 Greater Kashmir is an Indian English language newspaper printed daily from Srinagar the summer capital of the state of Jammu and Kashmir in India. The newspaper began its publication in 1987 as a weekly newspaper. In 1993 it started its first daily publication. It's editor-in-Chief is Fayaz Ahmad Kaloo.
 Sir Alexander Gordon Cardew KCSI (1861–1937) was an Indian civil servant of British origin who served as the acting Governor of Madras from 29 March 1919 to 10 April 1919.
 Modern Asian Studies is a bimonthly academic journal in the field of Asian studies published by Cambridge University Press.The journal was established in 1967 by the Syndics of the University of Cambridge and the Committee of Directors of the Institute or Centres of Asian Studies in the universities of London Cambridge Hull Leeds and Sheffield.
 Roosky Ruskey or Rooskey (Irish: Rúscaigh meaning swamp or bog) is a village on the River Shannon in County Roscommon Ireland in the northern midlands of Ireland near the point where counties Leitrim Longford and Roscommon meet. The N4 road from Dublin to Sligo passes by the Leitrim side of the village.
 Chloroselas tamaniba is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sudan.
 Tamatama (たまたま) is a 2011 Japanese drama film directed by Mayumi Komatsu.
 Sumo Do Sumo Don't (シコふんじゃった。 Shiko funjatta) is a 1992 Japanese film directed by Masayuki Suo. It was chosen as Best Film at the Japan Academy Prize ceremony.
 Acrobasis farsella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Amsel in 1950. It is found in Iran.
 Peter Erik Norman (born 3 April 1958) is a Swedish economist and politician serving as Minister for Financial Markets since 5 October 2010. Formerly a non-partisan at the time of his appointment to the government (a rare occurrence in Sweden) he joined Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt's Moderate Party days later. The last Swedish Minister not member of a political party was Sven Romanus Minister of Justice in 1976-1978.Norman has worked in the financial industry since 1992.
 Hyposmocoma makawao is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known only from the Makawao Forest Reserve on Maui.The length of the forewings is 4.8 mm for males and 4.9 mm for females. Adults differ from any other species in the Hyposmocoma genus since no other species has a single thick transverse orange band near the base of the forewing.The larval case is 4.1-5.0 mm in length and 1.2-1.6 mm wide smooth with banding that follows the length of the case.
 Ixalodectes flectocercus is a species of insect in family Tettigoniidae endemic to Australia.
 Where There's Life is a 1947 comedy film. The film's title derives from a line in Don Quixote (Where there's life there's hope a play on the name of its star Bob Hope).
 Yongmabong is a mountain in Seoul South Korea. It extends across Guui-dong and Junggok-dong in the district of Gwangjin-gu. It has an elevation of 348 m (1142 ft).
 The Upper Footage (also known as Upper) is a 2013 found footage film directed and written by Justin Cole. The movie first released on January 31 2013 to a limited run of midnight theatrical screenings at Landmark’s Sunshine Cinema in New York City. The film centers upon the death of a teenager and attempts to cover it up.
 The Cohens and Kellys in Trouble is a 1933 comedy film starring George Sidney Charlie Murray and Maureen O'Sullivan. The film is the last in the Cohens and Kellys series and the first director credit for George Stevens.
 Nahr-e Gabin-e Sofla (Persian: نهرگبين سفلي‎ also Romanized as Nahr-e Gabīn-e Soflá; also known as Nahr-e Gabīn) is a village in Abshar Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 25 families.
 The Mahaffie Stagecoach Stop and Farm Historic Site locally known as the Mahaffie farmstead is located in Olathe Kansas. The house was originally a stop along the Oregon and California Trails which originated in nearby Westport Missouri. The house's heyday came with large numbers of westbound travelers of the 1860s.The house has now been converted into a museum and gift shop. It is situated on almost 40 acres (160000 m²) of land.
 Jared Williams (March 4 1766 - January 2 1831) was a U.S. Representative from Virginia.
 Arctic Anthropology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on the archaeology ethnology and physical anthropology of arctic and subarctic peoples. It is indexed in the Social Sciences Citation Index and Current Contents/Social & Behavioral Sciences. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.212.The journal was established in 1962 by Chester S. Chard and its current editor-in-chief is Christyann M.
 Donja Paklenica (Serbian: Доња Пакленица) is a village in the municipality of Maglaj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Tramway Historical Society Inc. is located at the Ferrymead Heritage Park in the Christchurch New Zealand suburb of Ferrymead and operates the standard gauge Ferrymead Tramway. Trams have operated at Ferrymead since 1968 with progressive extensions built between 1970 and 1984 allowing trams to operate within the boundaries of the Heritage Park. The Society also operates and own a collection of historic trolley buses and diesel buses.
 The Suwannee County Courthouse (constructed in 1904) is an historic government building located at 200 South Ohio Avenue on the southwest corner of Warren Street in Live Oak Florida. On November 12 1998 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Published in 1933 Doctor Dolittle's Return was the first Doctor Dolittle book in five years. Doctor Dolittle in the Moon was supposed to be the last book but as with Conan Doyle and Sherlock Holmes the author relented. The tone is lighter and more comic and is surprisingly short the shortest book since the first one.
 Gendai-jin (現代人 Gendai-jin) is a 1952 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Minoru Shibuya. It was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
 For other uses see Button man (disambiguation).Button Man is a comic strip created for the British comic 2000 AD written by John Wagner and illustrated by Arthur Ranson.
 The toothed leaf chameleon Brookesia dentata is a species of chameleons endemic to northwestern Madagascar. It was first described by Mocquard in 1900: 345 and has been described numerous times since then most recently by Townsend et al. in 2009. It is affected by the collection of charcoal forest fires and the grazing of cattle.
 Carlos M. García Zambrana (born August 22 1983) is minority spokesman for the Puerto Rican Independence Party as an elected official for the San Germán Puerto Rico municipal assembly.
 No hay imposibles (English: Nothing is Impossible) is the 14th studio album by Puerto Rican performer Chayanne. This album was released on February 23 2010.
 Mohammad Ali Yurdi (Persian: محمدعلي يوردي‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad ʿAlī Yūrdī) is a village in Haviq Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lowrys Hill is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 The Lancaster Arts Hotel is a hotel in Lancaster Pennsylvania housed in a historic tobacco warehouse.Originally the hotel site was built in the 1880s as a tobacco warehouse and was used that way until 1945. It then was used by a paper and twine business as well as an electronics business before being transformed into the hotel. The hotel is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a contributing property to the Harrisburg Avenue Tobacco Historic District.
 The Guadalquivir (Spanish pronunciation: [ɡwaðalkiˈβir]) is the fifth longest river in the Iberian peninsula and the second longest river with its entire length in Spain. The Guadalquivir is 657 kilometers long and drains an area of about 58000 square kilometers.
 Noonmark Mountain is a 3556-foot (1084 m) mountain near St. Huberts in the High Peaks region of the Adirondacks in New York USA. The prominent peak provides 360-degree views including the Great Range the Dix Range Giant Mountain the Ausable River valley and the village of Keene. When seen from the nearby hamlet of Keene Valley where it dominates the view the peak of Noonmark Mountain is more or less directly beneath the sun at mid-day.There are two trails up the mountain.
 The Machine That Won the War is the sixth release by Sheavy. It was released in 2007 on Candlelight Records. The album was with a limited edition live DVD produced by Studio 709 featuring footage that was shot on March 3 at the Holy Heart Auditorium in St. John's. The cover artwork was created by Eliran Kantor.
 The Centurions (French title: Les Centurions) is a novel written by French journalist and former soldier Jean Lartéguy. It was translated from the original French into English by Xan Fielding. The novel included the first use of the so-called ticking time bomb scenario. In 1966 The Centurions was adapted into a motion picture Lost Command that starred Anthony Quinn.
 Owl's Head is a 4025-foot (1227 m) mountain in Franconia New Hampshire. It lies between the Franconia Branch of the Pemigewasset River (to its east) and Lincoln Brook (to its west and south) in the Pemigewasset Wilderness of the White Mountain National Forest.It is best known as one of the 48 White Mountains four-thousand footers and stands out among them mostly for what it lacks: In height it is 43rd of the 48.
 Attur or Atturu is a village coming under Kemral post office in Dakshina Kannada ( South Kanara ) district of Karnataka state in INDIA.It is near to Kinnigoli town. Nandini river originates from eastern part of Kateel i.e. Muchur and the origin is further up abt 20 km starts as a small arteri.
 Dieu (God 1891) is a long religious epic by Victor Hugo parts of which were written between 1855 and 1862. It was left unfinished and published after his death.When it was rejected by his publisher in 1857 Hugo tried to integrate it into Petites Epopées (later La Légende des siècles) eventually announcing that it would form a companion work along with La Fin de Satan.
 Concepción is one of two volcanoes (along with Maderas) that form the island of Ometepe which is situated in Lake Nicaragua in Nicaragua Central America.Concepción is an active stratovolcano that forms the northwest part of the Isla de Ometepe. Since 1883 Concepción has erupted at least 25 times; its last eruption was on 9 March 2010. Concepción's eruptions are characterized by frequent moderate-sized explosions. Active fumaroles are present just north of Concepción's summit crater.
 Jodorowsky's Dune is a 2013 American documentary film directed by Frank Pavich. The film explores Chilean-French director Alejandro Jodorowsky's unsuccessful attempt to adapt and film Frank Herbert's 1965 science fiction novel Dune in the mid-1970s.
 Degeneration (Entartung 1892) is a book by Max Nordau in which he attacks so-called degenerate art and comments on the effects of a range of social phenomena of the period such as rapid urbanization and its perceived effects on the human body.
 Contralmirante Cordero is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 William Charles Keppel 4th Earl of Albemarle GCH PC (14 May 1772 – 30 October 1849) briefly styled Viscount Bury between May and October 1772 was a British Whig politician.
 ABC miłości (ABC of Love) is a 1935 Polish film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 Eos Chasma is a chasma in the southern part of the Valles Marineris canyon system of the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars.Eos Chasma’s western floor is mainly composed of an etched massive material composed of either volcanic or eolian deposits later eroded by the Martian wind. The eastern end of the Eos chasma has a large area of streamlined bars and longitudinal striations.
 The Sawtooth Range is part of the Rocky Mountains located within a few miles of Stanley Idaho in the Western United States. Much of mountain range is within the Sawtooth Wilderness part of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.
 How to Start a Fire is the second album by the Pompano Beach Florida rock band Further Seems Forever released in 2003 by Tooth & Nail Records. It was the band's only album with vocalist Jason Gleason who had replaced original singer Chris Carrabba when the latter left the band to focus on his new project Dashboard Confessional. Gleason would leave the band the following year due to interpersonal tensions and be replaced by former Sense Field singer Jon Bunch.
 Barkowo [barˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Człuchów and 127 km (79 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 381.
 The Very Edge is a 1962 British drama film directed by Cyril Frankel and starring Anne Heywood Richard Todd Jack Hedley Jeremy Brett and Maurice Denham. A young woman is assaulted and stalked by a maniac.
 Romuald-Charlemagne Laurier (January 7 1852 – December 28 1906) was a Canadian politician.Born in Saint-Lin Canada East the son of Carolus Laurier and Adeline Ethier he was the half-brother to the Prime Minister of Canada Sir Wilfrid Laurier. Laurier was educated at the PublicSchool of St. Lin and was a general merchant by profession. He was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the riding of L'Assomption in the general elections of 1900.
 Laheri Jeewan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941.It starred Husn Banu Gope and W.M. Khan
 Timothy S. Tim Mahoney is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 51st legislative district. He was elected in 2006Prior to elective office Mahoney worked as a coal miner and a member of the United Mine Workers. He also has owned many bar/taverns around the Fayette County area. He was elected jury commissioner for Fayette County Pennsylvania in 2001.
 My Documents is a DVD by Bosnian alternative rock band Sikter that was released on June 19 2007. It was released by record label Gramfon in co-production with Pro.ba modern art center from Sarajevo.The main part of DVD occupies a documentary film I Was Dreaming of a Smirnoff Buffalo. It's biographical film which follows band from formation in 1990 until 2007 and releasing their third album My Music. Film including subtitles on Bosnian and English language.
 Brephoscotosia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Obila.
 The Kihansi spray toad Nectophrynoides asperginis is a yellowish dwarf toad with females reaching up to 2.9 cm (1.1 in) long and males up to 1.9 cm (0.75 in). This ovoviviparous species was scientifically described in 1999.It was found only in the spray zone around the Kihansi waterfalls in the southern Udzungwa Mountains in Tanzania.
 À la carte (アラカルト Arakaruto) is the first mini-album by Fujifabric released in October 2002 under the independent Japanese record label Song-Crux.
 Guillaume Tremblay (born April 14 1984 in Mascouche Quebec) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec who was elected to represent the riding of Masson in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Parti Québécois.Tremblay attended the Cégep régional de Lanaudière in Terrebonne and obtained a degree in administration.
 Heat Wave is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1966 and released on the Cadet label.
 White Plains Rural Cemetery is a historic rural cemetery located at White Plains Westchester County New York. The cemetery was organized in 1854 and designed in 1855. It contains miles of narrow paved roads none of which is in a straight line. The roads create circular and lozenge-shaped areas for burials. Also on the property is a former church now cemetery office. It was built in 1797 and is a 2 1⁄2-story five-by-three-bay frame building with a high-pitched gable roof.
 Lucky Starr and the Pirates of the Asteroids is the second novel in the Lucky Starr series six juvenile science fiction novels by Isaac Asimov that originally appeared under the pseudonym Paul French. The novel was first published by Doubleday & Company in November 1953.
 Shitsurakuen (失楽園 literally Paradise Lost) is a shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Tōru Naomura. It follows the story of Himoto Sora a transfer student with a sense of justice and dreams of becoming a knight. Upon arriving at Utopia Academy she learns of a virtual reality-like game played by the male students in which they use girls as weapons in battles for status and treat them as commodities.
 Sir Henry at Rawlinson End is a 1980 British film based on the eponymous character created by Vivian Stanshall. It starred Trevor Howard as Sir Henry and Stanshall himself as Henry's brother Hubert. Unusually the film was released in sepia-toned monochrome. After a long wait while the film obtained cult status Sir Henry at Rawlinson End was finally released on DVD in 2006.
 SLK is the sixth studio album by Finnish metal band Stam1na. It was released on February 7 2014.
 Sulino [suˈlinɔ] formerly German Goldbeck is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marianowo within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Marianowo 19 km (12 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 50 km (31 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 A small genus of mountain tanagers found in South America.
 Kongahakotuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 I Stoled This Record is the second album from country music parodist Cledus T. Judd. His highest-selling album to date it has been certified gold in the United States although none of its singles charted. As with his previous album this one features parodies of several country songs (and a parody of Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer) as well as some original tunes.
 The Trawlerman's Song is an EP by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler released on 26 April 2005 by Mercury Records. The EP contains the album version of The Trawlerman's Song from the 2004 album Shangri-La and live in-studio versions of five other songs recorded in one take at Shangri-la Studios in Malibu California.
 Disappear Here is the title of the third release by English metal band Peach released in 1992. It was originally released as a 3-track tape cassette and is now extremely rare.
 Onoba tarifensis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 For other people named Martin Luther see: Martin Luther (disambiguation).Martin Franz Julius Luther (German: [ˈmaɐ̯tiːn ˈlʊtɐ] ; 16 December 1895 – 13 May 1945) was an early member of the Nazi Party. He served as an advisor to Foreign Minister Joachim von Ribbentrop first in the Dienststelle Ribbentrop (Ribbentrop Bureau) and later in the Auswärtiges Amt (Foreign Office) as a diplomat when von Ribbentrop replaced Konstantin von Neurath.
 The Three Sisters also known as Mount Trinity[citation needed] is a mountain immediately north of Fernie British Columbia northwest of the confluence of Fairy Creek with the Elk River. It should not to be confused with the Alberta Rockies' peaks of the same name located further north outside Canmore.The summit on the middle sister is the highest point in the Fernie area at 2788 m (9147 ft).
 The Fall City Masonic Hall is a historic meeting hall located in Fall City Washington. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 under its original name of Falls City Masonic Hall.The hall was built in 1895 and dedicated on July 3 1896. It served as a meeting hall for the Falls City Masonic Lodge #66 and associated Masonic bodies. The Lodge room on the second floor can hold 160 people and the dining room on the first floor has an even larger capacity.
 The Adams-Fairview Bonanza Farm near Wahpeton North Dakota is a bonanza farm that was developed in 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Mohammed Saeed Bekheitan is the Assistant Secretary of the Syrian Regional Command of the Ba'ath Party. He has held the position since 2005. He is a close associate of Syrian President Bashar Assad and his brother Maher Assad and is considered a senior decision-maker in the government.Mohammed Bukheitan is a Sunni Muslim from Bedouin origins in Deir ez-Zor a Sunni dominated region near the border with Iraq.
 Gary S. Gensler (born October 18 1957) previously served as the 11th chairman of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission under President Barack Obama from May 26 2009 to January 3 2014.Gensler was Undersecretary of the Treasury (1999-2001) and Assistant Secretary of the Treasury (1997-1999) in the United States. Barack Obama selected him to lead the Commodity Futures Trading Commission which has jurisdiction over $5 trillion in trades approximately 9% of the world market.
 Wondreb is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 Stenogobius polyzona the Chinestripe goby is a species of goby native to streams and rivers on Madagascar and Réunion. Males of this species can reach a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) SL while females can reach 6.6 centimetres (2.6 in) SL.
 Westminster Village-Academy Hill Historic District is a historic district on Bacon Adams Main Dawley Academy Hill Leominster and Pleasant Streets in Westminster Massachusetts. The district includes the town's 1839 Greek Revival town hall.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Willis Creek is a creek in the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument in southern Utah. The creek runs through a wash which in some sections narrows to become a slot canyon. The creek is popular with hikers as the stream is generally 1-2 inches deep and a trail runs the length of the creek. The end of the creek is dry.
 Mr. Zhao (simplified Chinese: 赵先生; traditional Chinese: 趙先生; pinyin: Zhào Xiānshēng) is a 1998 Chinese dark comedy film. It is the directorial debut of Lü Yue already a well-established cinematographer for director Zhang Yimou. Mr. Zhao tells the story of a philandering doctor living in Shanghai. His infidelity gets the best of him however when his mistress Tian Jing (Chen Yinan) announces she is pregnant while his wife learns of his affair but refuses to grant a divorce.
 Deveci is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Berlin Appointment for the Spies (Italian: Berlino - Appuntamento per le spie) is a 1965 Italian Eurospy film directed by Vittorio Sala and starring Dana Andrews. The film is also known as Bang You're Dead.It was retitled Spy in Your Eye for American International Pictures' American release where it was double billed with Secret Agent Fireball.
 Anatsabites is a genus of cephalopod belonging to the Atsabitidae family. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Boulengerula boulengeri is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.It is endemic to the Usambara Mountains Tanzania.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests arable land plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.It is possible that what we now call Boulengerula boulengeri contains two unnamed cryptic species.
 The E.S. Swayze Drugstore in Otisville Michigan is a building from 1874. It was constructed to replace a previous store that burned in 1874. The second floor meeting hall was used by the Free Methodist Church for services from 1887 to 1890. In 1903 Otisville Lodge #401 (a local Masonic lodge) purchased the building and used it as their meeting hall. It was owned by the Masons until 1970. The lodge has moved to other premises.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Mooru guttu ondu sullu ondu nija is a 2009 Kannada movie directed by Dinesh Babu. The film stars Ramesh Aravind in the lead roles. Komal Asha Latha Sharan appear in supporting roles.
 Crossgates Mall is a shopping mall located in the city of Guilderland New York in Albany County New York United States not far from Schenectady. The mall opened on March 4 1984 and in October 1994 underwent a large expansion that nearly doubled its size. It now has a gross leasable area of 1700000 sq ft (160000 m2) with two floors including 250 shops and restaurants as well as an 18-screen Regal Cinema theater.
 Mandarin Mix-Up is a 1924 American comedy film directed by Scott Pembroke and starring Stan Laurel.
 Bentheuphausia amblyops the deep sea krill is a species of krill. B. amblyops is the only species within its genus which in turn is the only genus within the family Bentheuphausiidae. All the 85 other species of krill known are classified in the family Euphausiidae.
 Big Dipper is the first album released by Drop Trio. The album debuted in 2003 and was self-released by the band. The 45 min record has been heralded by critics all around the world and is a premier example of melodic funk jazz.
 The greater black krait (Bungarus niger) is a species of krait a venomous elapid snake.
 Turis Fratyr is the first studio album released by German folk metal band Equilibrium. It was released on February 14 2005. A 2008 re-release included Demo 2003 as a bonus disc.
 A Barrel of Laughs A Vale of Tears is a children's book written and illustrated by Jules Feiffer first published in 1995 by HarperCollins. The first edition was a library binding with 180 pages.WorldCat Identities contains records of seven editions of this book in 765 libraries worldwide
 The Main Building of the University of Santo Tomas (UST) in Manila Philippines functions as the university's administrative center and home of the Faculty of Civil Law Faculty of Pharmacy and the College of Science. The Main Building is also the home of the Museum of Arts and Sciences.
 Annie's Point is a 2005 made-for-television movie starring Betty White Richard Thomas and Amy Davidson.
 The Taiharuru River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows predominantly northeast from its sources east of Whangarei emptying into the southern end of Ngunguru Bay. About half of the river's length is a silty drowned valley.
 The Hodoş-Bodrog Monastery is one of the oldest monastic institutions belonging to the Romanian Orthodox Church. The monastery is attested from the 12th century. It was initially founded on the northern bank of the lower Mureş River (in western Romania between the current city of Arad and the Hungarian border).The Hodoş-Bodrog Monastery was first recorded in a charter document of the Arad chapter of the church dated 1177.
 Daghalian-e Bala (Persian: دغليان بالا‎ also Romanized as Daghalīān-e Bālā; also known as Daghlīān-e ‘Olyā Dāghlīān-e ‘Olyā and Daghliyan Olya) is a village in Azghan Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 221 in 48 families.
 Agdistis olei is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Iran Oman Bahrain Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
 Bleeding the False is the first full length album by the Swedish death metal band Aeon. It was released on September 20 2005.
 The Moore-Hill House is a historic house at 82 Franklin Street in Peabody Massachusetts. It is an excellent example of a Gothic Victorian house built in 1878 for W. H. Hill. The 1.5 story wood frame building has a cross gable roof line with the main roof line running crosswise. The front cornice including the central front gable section is decorated with paired brackets (a typical Italianate decoration) and the front windows have decorative surrounds.
 Schathoes Verhildersum is a former restaurant in Leens in the Netherlands on the estate of Verhildersum. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 2004-2012.Owner and head chef of Schathoes Verhildersum was Dick Soek. He took over the Piloersemaborg in 2005 owning and running two restaurants. In 2012 for practical and economical reasons he moved the restaurant and all staff from Leens to Den Ham continuing his enterprise on one location.
 Eudjakonovia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Lomographa.
 Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn (機動戦士ガンダムUC(ユニコーン) Kidō Senshi Gandamu Yunikōn) is a novel by popular Japanese author Harutoshi Fukui (Shūsen no Lorelei Bōkoku no Aegis). The novel takes place in Gundam's Universal Century timeline. Character and mechanical designs are provided by Yoshikazu Yasuhiko and Hajime Katoki respectively.
 Minami-ke (みなみけ lit. The Minami Family) is a Japanese manga series by Koharu Sakuraba who also authored Kyō no Go no Ni. It was first serialized in the weekly Japanese manga magazine Young Magazine in 2004. The slice of life comedy focuses on the everyday life of three sisters: Haruka Kana and Chiaki Minami. An anime series produced by Daume aired in 2007.
 Aq Cheshmeh (Persian: اق چشمه‎ also Romanized as Āq Cheshmeh) is a village in Sangar Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 47 families.
 Air Force is the newspaper published for the Royal Australian Air Force. The paper is produced fortnightly and is uploaded online so that members can access it when deployed overseas.
 Bustan-e Kuchek (Persian: بوستان كوچك‎ also Romanized as Būstān-e Kūchek) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 18 families.
 Simnia sculptura is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Death Train is a 2006 action film starring Arnold Vosloo and Mathis Landwehr. It was produced by Hermann Joha and directed by Diethard Küster.
 Satkula Sorbian:Satkula is a small stream of Saxony Germany. The source of the Satkula is located in Burkau/Porchow Lusatia Germany in the Lusatian Highlands (Lausitzer Bergland). Satkula is a most important river for Sorbs in Lusatia.
 The Paraguaian hairy dwarf porcupine Sphiggurus spinosus is a South American porcupine species from the family Erethizontidae. It is found in Argentina Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay. They have a short tail and gray brown quills and feed on fruits ant pupae vegetables and roots.
 The Slat Abn Shaif Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת צלאת בן שאיף‎) in Zliten Libya is a historic synagogue and Lag Ba'omer pilgrimage site for Libyan Jews. It was built c. 1060.The synagogue remained intact until the 1980s when it was destroyed under the orders of Muammar Gaddafi and replaced with an apartment complex.
 All About the Future is a 1953 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Martin Greenberg. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Astounding Galaxy Science Fiction and the Boston University Graduate Journal.
 Nebotičnik (pronounced [nɛbɔtiːtʃniːk]; Slovene for Skyscraper) is a prominent high-rise located in the centre of Ljubljana Slovenia and is one of the city's most recognisable landmarks. Its thirteen storeys rise to a height of 70.35 m (231 ft). It was designed by the Slovenian architect Vladimir Šubic for the Pension Institute the building's investor. Construction began on 19 April 1931 and the building opened on 21 February 1933.
 Bala Salkuyeh (Persian: بالاسالكويه‎ also Romanized as Bālā Sālkūyeh; also known as Sālkūyeh and Sālkūyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Daryasar Rural District Kumeleh District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 385 in 108 families.
 Terence Vincent Powderly was an Irish-American politician and labor union leader best known as head of the Knights of Labor in the late 1880s. A lawyer he was elected mayor of Scranton Pennsylvania for six years. A Republican he served as the United States Commissioner General of immigration in 1897. The Knights of Labor was the largest American labor organization of the 19th century but Powderly was a poor administrator and could barely keep it under control.
 Kinshasa General Hospital is a hospital in Kinshasa Democratic Republic of Congo. Before the ousting of President Mobutu Sese Seko it was known as Mama Yemo Hospital after the president's mother. The 2000-bed hospital registers over 3000 consultations daily. It was one of the first places where AIDS was observed.
 The Jackson-Einspahr Sod House near Holstein Nebraska is a sod house that was built in phases between 1881 and 1910. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Arizona Republic is an American daily newspaper published in Phoenix. Circulated throughout Arizona it is the state's largest newspaper. Since 2000 it has been owned by the Gannett newspaper chain. In 2013 it dropped from the sixteenth ranked daily newspaper in the United States to number twenty-one by circulation.
 The Black Warrior Review is an American literary magazine founded in 1974 and based at the University of Alabama. Work appearing in BWR has been anthologized in the Pushcart Prize collection The Best American Short Stories (2009) Best American Poetry New Stories from the South. The Spring 1978 issue was the first to feature graphics and included a photo essay by Diane Mastin. Writer's Digest has named BWR as one of 19 magazines that matter.
 The Kirksville Daily Express is a daily newspaper published Monday through Friday afternoons and Saturday mornings. It serves the Kirksville and Adair County Missouri area including the communities of Brashear and Novinger. It is owned by GateHouse Media.
 Document #8 is the third studio album by the American screamo band Pg. 99. The album was originally released as a vinyl LP on June 13 2001 through Robotic Empire with various versions also be released through Electric Human Project and Scene Police.
 The Adcock River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the Philips Range near Qodesh then flow in a south-easterly direction parallel with the King Leopold Range and past Mount House Mount Clifton and Mount Hamilton before merging with the Fitzroy River near Fitzroy Bluff.The Adcock has three tributaries; Throssel River Annie Creek and Walsh Creek.The first European to discover the river was Frank Hann in 1898 who named the river after Charles and William Adcock of Derby: Hann explained Messrs Adcock Bros of Derby were very kind to me and provided exceedingly reasonable in the important matter of a supply of rations.The traditional owners of the areas around the river are the Nyikina peoples.Fish such as Greenway's grunter the Flathead Goby and the False spotted gudgeon have been found within the river system.
 Sepidareh (Persian: سپيداره‎ also Romanized as Sepīdāreh) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 19 families.
 Rasaleela (2012) is a Malayalam language romantic drama film directed by Majeed Maranchery and starring Darshan and Prathishta in the lead roles. The film is a remake of the 1975 Malayalam film of the same name which was directed by N.
 Col. Jonathan Tyng House built in 1675 was a historic colonial house in Tyngsborough Massachusetts. It was demolished sometime after its 1977 addition to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Pusillina marginata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Nidka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Bełdany.
 Moelfre Isaf is a 317 m (1040 ft) hill located to the south of the town of Abergele. There are views towards the Clwydian Range Snowdonia and the Isle of Man can be seen on a clear day. Nearby is the small settlement of Moelfre which has a church.
 Pórszombat is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 St Andrew's Church is a Church of England church located in Tangmere West Sussex. It lies within the Diocese of Chichester.
 Lost in the Dark (Italian: Sperduti nel buio) is a 1947 Italian drama film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque. It was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 Svartdalskollen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 John William Snow (born August 2 1939) was the CEO of CSX Corporation and served as the 73rd United States Secretary of the Treasury under U.S. President George W. Bush. He replaced Secretary Paul O'Neill on February 3 2003 and was succeeded by Henry Paulson on July 3 2006 in a move that had been anticipated.
 Jevišovka is a river in the Czech Republic the left tributary of the Dyje River. It originates in the Bohemian-Moravian Highlands (Českomoravská vrchovina) upland at the elevation of 602 m and flows for 81.7 km to Jevišovka where it enters the Dyje River.It flows through Častohostice Blížkovice Grešlové Mýto Boskovštejn Střelice Jevišovice Černín Vevčice Plaveč Výrovice Tvořihráz Borotice Hrušovany nad Jevišovkou and Jevišovka. The Výrovice Dam is constructed on the river.
 Your Majesty is the second full-length album released by emo band The Anniversary. The album was recorded in June 2001 and released on January 22 2002. The album sold rather well reaching #17 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart and #15 on the Indie chart.
 St Michael's Church Baddiley is in the civil parish of Baddiley Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. The church lies at the end of a lane near to Baddiley Hall formerly the home of the Mainwaring family. It dates from the early 14th century. The nave and chancel are divided by a pre-Reformation screen and tympanum. The church is one of a 'handful' of timber-framed churches remaining in the country.
 Termessa laeta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland South Australia Victoria and Western Australia.
 Thy Neighbour's Wife (1923) was the first novel by the Irish writer Liam O'Flaherty.
 The American Economic Journal is a group of four peer-reviewed academic journals published by the American Economic Association. The names of the individual journals consist of the prefix American Economic Journal with a descriptor of the field attached. The four field journals which started in 2009 are Applied Economics Economic Policy Macroeconomics and Microeconomics.
 Dumlong moumtain in Belaichori Rangamati Bangladesh may be the second highest mountain in the country as claimed by Md.Wadud Mohosin Rubel with his three travel fellows Asif Aminur Rashid Nagib Meshkat & Abdul Haq in 2011. On the basis of Garmin GPS they have measured the height of the mountain which is 3314 feet. The location he recorded 22°02′02.1″N 92°35′36.3″E accurately matches the location given by Google Earth.
 Hymn and Her is the name of the sixth album by the band Earlimart. It was announced in March by Aaron Espinoza and was released in the US on July 1 2008 via Major Domo Records and Shout! Factory and a day later in Japan via Youth Records. Hymn and Her marks where Earlimart now consists of just the duo of Aaron Espinoza and Ariana Murray and also is the duo's second album in under a year following on from August 2007's Mentor Tormentor.
 Łukomierz [wuˈkɔmjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemkowice within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Siemkowice 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Pajęczno and 74 km (46 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Dragon Ball Z: Kiken na Futari! Super Senshi wa Nemurenai Music Collection (ドラゴンボールZ 危険なふたり!超戦士はねむれない MUSIC COLLECTION Doragon Bōru Zetto Kiken na Futari! Sūpā Senshi wa Nemurenai MUSIC COLLECTION Dragon Ball Z: The Dangerous Duo! Super-Warriors Never Rest Music Collection) is the licenced soundtrack to the tenth Dragon Ball Z film by the same name (Known outside Japan as Broly Second Coming). It was released by Forte Music Entertainment on April 1 1994 in Japan only.
 Sundarpur Choharwa is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7543 people living in 1304 individual households.
 Pterotyphis zealandicus is a species of small predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Salan Sar (Persian: سالانسر‎ also Romanized as Sālān Sar; also known as Salāneh Sar) is a village in Rostamabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 De Soto National Memorial 5 miles (8 km) west of Bradenton Florida commemorates the 1539 landing of Hernando de Soto and the first extensive organized exploration by Europeans of what is now the southern United States.
 Overlook Hospital is a 504-bed non-profit teaching hospital located in Summit New Jersey United States 20 miles west of New York City. On a hill in the center of the city the hospital is one of Summit's three largest employers and offers medical services to Summit and surrounding communities in northern New Jersey.
 Koleh Bid (Persian: كله بيد‎ also Romanized as Koleh Bīd and Kolahbīd) is a village in Jowzan Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 19 families.
 The Central Seminary Building currently houses the Santisimo Rosario Parish Church the Central Seminary and the Ecclesiastical Faculties of the Pontifical and Royal University of Santo Tomas in Manila. The Parish was canonically inaugurated on April 26 1942 by Michael O'Doherty the Archbishop of Manila during that time. In 2011 the National Museum of the Philippines formally declared the Central Seminary Building as a National Cultural Treasure.
 The Violet-Throated Starfrontlet (Coeligena violifer) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Haft Cheshmeh-ye Dalun (Persian: هفت چشمه دالون‎ also Romanized as Haft Cheshmeh-ye Dālūn; also known as Haft Cheshmeh) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 19 families.
 Past:Present:Future is a two-part album series by Ch!pz. In the Netherlands Part 1 was released on June 23 2006 and Part 2 was released on November 17 of the same year. The first album spawned two singles Gangstertown and Waikiki Beach of which Gangstertown peaked at #5 in the Dutch Top 40 and Waikiki Beach wasn't officially released on single just shooting a music video for it.
 Marilyn Churley is a justice of the peace and former Canadian politician who represented the riding of Toronto—Danforth in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 2005. She is a member of the Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP) and was a member of the Ontario cabinet during the Bob Rae government. In opposition she served as her party's critic for the Environment Women's Issues and Democratic Renewal. She resigned from the legislature to run for the federal New Democratic Party.
 Vassos Shiarly (Greek: Βάσος Σιαρλή (locally [ˈvasos ʃaɾˈli]); born 1948) is a British Cypriot banker and politician. He studied at the London School of Economics and Wayne State University. From 23 March 2012 until 28 February 2013 Shiarly served as the Finance Minister of Cyprus. He was responsible for implementing a second round of austerity measures.
 Sebastiane is a 1976 film written and directed by Derek Jarman and Paul Humfress. It portrays the events of the life of Saint Sebastian including his iconic martyrdom by arrows. The film which was aimed at a gay audience was controversial for the homoeroticism portrayed between the soldiers and for being dialogued entirely in Latin.
 Shahrak-e Bahram (Persian: شهرك بهرام‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Bahrām) is a village in Ben Moala Rural District in the Central District of Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3320 in 690 families.
 The Beauty Jungle (also known as Contest Girl) is a 1964 British film.
 Dehumanization Human is the name of the seventh studio album Colombian group Kraken It was released on 5 December 1989 by Athena Productions. The first single from the album was Time never lies. The second single was  Breaking the spell and the third single was Strange prediction.
 Mastoides is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Enidae.
 Algorithmica is a monthly peer reviewed scientific journal journal published by Springer Science+Business Media focused on research and application of computer science algorithms. The editor in chief is Ming-Yang Kao. Subject coverage includes sorting searching data structures computational geometry and linear programming VLSI distributed computing parallel processing computer aided design robotics graphics data base design and software tools.
 Shahrak-e Kalateh-ye Sheikh Ali (Persian: شهرك كلاته شيخ علي‎ also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Kalāteh-ye Sheykh ʿAlī) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 44 families.
 Fever Lake is a 1996 horror film starring Corey Haim Mario López and Bo Hopkins.
 Catoptria digitellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France and Spain.
 The Thief and the Cobbler is a 1993 British animated fantasy film directed co-written and co-produced by Canadian animator Richard Williams. The film is famous for its animation and its long troubled history. Williams worked 28 years on the project. Beginning production in 1964 Williams intended The Thief and the Cobbler to be his masterpiece and a milestone in the art of animation.
 Sitaron Se Aage (Hindi: दुनिया; English: Ahead of the Stars) is a 1958 Hindi Black-and-white Family film written and directed by Satyen Bose. The film starred Ashok Kumar Vyjayanthimala in the lead with Johnny Walker Rajasulochana Shammi Jagdish Sethi Manmohan Krishna and Leela Mishra forms an ensemble cast. The film was produced by K. Balaji. The films score was composed by S. D. Burman with lyrics provided by Majrooh Sultanpuri. Editing was done by Shivaji Awdhut and was filmed by K. H.
 Dharam-Jeet is an Indian Punjabi movie released 1975.
 Xeneretmus is a genus of poachers native to the eastern Pacific Ocean.
 The genus Pleurobranchus is a genus of sea slugs specifically side-gill slugs marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pleurobranchidae.
 Tomczyce [tɔmˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Bedlno 21 km (13 mi) east of Kutno and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Society of Friends Hall is a historic church at 172-174 Ridge Street in Glens Falls New York.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Baba Heyran (Persian: باباحيران‎ also Romanized as Bābā Ḩeyrān; also known as Bābā Jeyrān) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 The Alunul River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 James E. Jim Hundstad is a Democratic member of the South Dakota Senate representing the 2nd district since 2004. Previously he was a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from 2000 through 2004.
 The Toronto Central Prison also known as the Central Prison Central Prison for Men and more colloquially as The Toronto Jail (the third of four Toronto area jails to be given that nickname) was a 336-bed facility located near the intersection of King Street and Strachan Avenue in Toronto Ontario Canada. It opened in 1873 when the area was still well away from any residential development.
 sours = business mostly people working gulf countryinformation by = M.S.HABEEB ADDUR Addur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Mangalore taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Disambiguation: for the mate of Swift Wind with this name see Star Wind (unicorn)Star Wind (1986) is a young adult novel by American writer Linda Woolverton.
 †Partula turgida was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species was endemic to Ra'iātea French Polynesia. It died out in 1996 and is now extinct.P. turgida was being kept alive in captivity when the population suffered a crash caused by the microsporidian genus Steinhausia. This is the first definitive report of an extinction of a species caused by a parasite.
 Dunham River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.The river rises between the Durack Range and the O'Donnell Range then flows north-west parallel with the Great Northern Highway to the east and the Bedford Stock Route to the west.
 Regenesis (2009) is a science fiction novel by American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh set in her Alliance-Union universe. It is a sequel to Cherryh's 1988 Hugo award-winning science fiction novel Cyteen and was published in hardcover by DAW Books in January 2009. The teenage clone of a top scientist and political leader unravels the decades-old murder of her genemother while also dealing with threats to her own welfare.
 Trapped in Paradise is a 1994 Christmas-themed crime comedy film written and directed by George Gallo and starring Nicolas Cage Jon Lovitz and Dana Carvey.
 Backlash is a 1947 American crime film noir directed by Eugene Forde. The drama features Jean Rogers Larry J. Blake John Eldredge and Richard Travis.
 Heteroclinus johnstoni Johnston's weedfish is a species of clinid native to the waters along the around southern Australian coast where it prefers reefs with tall seaweed growth at depths down to about 50 metres (160 ft). This species can reach a maximum length of 40 centimetres (16 in) TL.
 For the system based on the teachings of G. I. Gurdjieff see Fourth Way.The Fourth Way (1957) is a book about the Fourth Way system of self-development as introduced by Greek-Armenian philosopher G.I. Gurdjieff and is a compilation of the lectures of P. D.
 King of Beggars is a 1992 Hong Kong martial arts comedy film directed by Gordon Chan starring Stephen Chow Sharla Cheung Ng Man-tat and Norman Tsui. The story is loosely based on legends about the martial artist Su Can (better known as Beggar So) who lived in the late Qing Dynasty and was one of the Ten Tigers of Canton.
 The Hibernia Hall (or Hibernian Hall) is a Romanesque Revival building located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The Hibernian Hall is located on the east side of Brady Street near the middle of the block. The building’s neighbor to the north is the Philip Worley House (1860). To the south are the Democrat Building (1923) and the Forrest Block (1875).
 People of the River is the fourth novel in The First North Americans series. It dramatizes the story of the mound-building Cahokia empire on the Mississippi River.
 The Balomir River is the right branch of the Cugir River which bifurcates immediately downstream of the Şibot railway bridge in Romania. The branch crosses the village of Balomiru de Câmp before flowing into the Mureş River
 Grozny Group (also Grozny Volcano) is a complex volcano located in the central part of Iturup Island Kuril Islands controlled by Russia and claimed by Japan. There is an ongoing eruption here.There are atleast two named volcanoes: Japanese: 小田萌山 Odamoi yama Japanese: 焼山 Yake-yama Russian: Иван Грозный Volcan Ivan Grozny
 The Cati River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Atom Clock is a science fiction play by Cornel Lengyel. It was published in 1951 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 1000 copies of which 250 were hardcover. The play received the Maxwell Anderson Award in 1950.
 Layeh (Persian: لايه‎ also Romanized as Lāyeh Layah and Layyeh; also known as Layakh) is a village in Kalisham Rural District Amarlu District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 181 in 47 families.
 St. Mary The Church of Our Lady Merevale is an historic parish church in Merevale Warwickshire it is known for its Jesse window it was originally part of Merevale Abbey but is now a Church of England parish church.
 Stanley Marcus (born March 27 1946) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit.
 Chrysallida vanbruggeni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Beast Saga (ビーストサーガ Bīsuto Sāga) is a Japanese multi-media franchise by Takara Tomy that includes a dice game manga series an anime television series and a video game for the Nintendo 3DS. It is similar to Takara's earlier Battle Beasts toyline. A second anime season has been green-lit.
 The Sorrow Gondola (Swedish: Sorgegondolen) is a 1996 poetry collection by the Swedish writer Tomas Tranströmer. The title refers to the composition La lugubre gondola by Franz Liszt. It was the first collection by Tranströmer published after his 1990 stroke. It received the August Prize.
 Nicky's Game is an American short film originally developed and produced as an independent television pilot based on Peter Alson's New York Times Best Seller Confessions of an Ivy League Bookie. The film was shot in 16mm on location in New York City and premiered in 2005 at the inaugural New York Television Festival. It went on to become an official selection of the 2006 Vail Film Festival and CineVegas International Film Festival before being released on DVD and other media by IndiePix Films.
 Elektrik Inferno Live is the only live album by the band My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult. The album was released in 2002.
 Bengal Tiger is a Hindi action film made in 2001. It's a revenge drama starring Mithun Chakraborty in the lead role as a police inspector.
 The Church of Nossa Senhora da Conceição (Portuguese: Igreja de Nossa Senhora da Conceição Velha) is a church in the civil parish of Madalena in the municipality of Lisbon.The Church of Conceição dos Freires or Conceição Velha (known as the Church of the Misericórdia) was not included in the original plans to reconstruct the Lisbon riverfront even though it was partially ruined.
 Pepper LIVE DVD is a DVD by Pepper that was filmed over the course of two sold-out 2004 performances at the L.A.'s Troubador night club.The DVD was released on March 8 2005 through Volcom Entertainment.
 Daroga Prasad Saroj (born 1 January 1956) is an Indian politician for the Lalganj (Lok Sabha Constituency) in Uttar Pradesh.
 Cicurina venii is a rare species of eyeless spider in the family Dictynidae known by the common name Braken Bat Cave meshweaver. It is endemic to Texas in the United States where it is known from Bracken Cave in Bexar County.
 Eodapsan is a mountain in the county of Hoengseong Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 789 m (2589 ft).
 The Dent du Bourgo (1909 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located east of Gruyères in the canton of Fribourg. It lies on the range north of the Vanil Noir between the valleys of the Sarine and the Motélon.
 Lupe Fiasco's The Cool commonly referred to as simply The Cool is the second studio album by Chicago hip hop artist Lupe Fiasco released on December 18 2007 in the United States. The Cool is a loose concept album based on a song and its titular character from his debut album Food & Liquor. The album features production from Patrick Stump Soundtrakk Unkle and Chris & Drop among others. Guest appearances include Gemini Snoop Dogg and Matthew Santos.
 The Fall of Italy (Croatian: Pad Italije) is a 1981 Yugoslav war film directed by Lordan Zafranović. It won the Big Golden Arena for Best Film at the 1981 Pula Film Festival.
 Star Trek: Music from the Motion Picture is a soundtrack album for the 2009 film Star Trek composed by Michael Giacchino. The score was recorded in October 2008 since the film was originally scheduled to be released the following December. It was performed by the Hollywood Studio Symphony in conjuncture with Page LA Studio Voices at the Sony Scoring Stage in Culver City California. The score incorporates the Theme from Star Trek by Alexander Courage and Gene Roddenberry.
 Ho Kam-fai CBE JP (born 1933 Hong Kong) is a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.Ho obtained a postgraduate diploma in Social Study at the University of Hong Kong and finished his master and doctoral degrees in Social Work at the Columbia University. He taught at the Chinese University of Hong Kong and became the director of the Department of Extramural Studies.
 Patapsco Female Institute (PFI) is a former girls' boarding school now a partially rebuilt historical site located on Church Road in Ellicott City Maryland United States. The grounds are home to popular outdoor theatrical performances by The Chesapeake Shakespeare CompanyThe Patapsco Female Institute designed by architect Robert Cary Long Jr.
 The Awakening (1928) is a feature film directed by Victor Fleming.
 Local 604 is a 2002 album by Canadian hip hop group Sweatshop Union. It is a reissue of the band's self-titled 2001 independent release with some new tracks.
 Bombus cornutus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.
 River Muzizi is a river in Uganda in East Africa.
 More Than You Know is the second album by American urban gospel group Out of Eden released in 1996 on Gotee Records.
 The Bold River is a tributary of Lake Balta Albă (Buzău River) in Romania.
 Kramsk [kramsk] is a village in Konin County in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kramsk. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Konin and 104 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 1200.
 Man to Men (French:D'homme à hommes is a 1948 French-Swiss historical drama film directed by Christian-Jaque and starring Jean-Louis Barrault Bernard Blier and Hélène Perdrière.
 The Schuyler-Colfax House is located in Wayne Passaic County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1695 by Arent Schuyler and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 3 1973.
 The Hangaroa River is a river in the Gisborne Region of New Zealand. Its source is the Huiarau Ranges in the Te Urewera National Park and flows southeast to merge with the Ruakituri River near Te Reinga. The combined rivers form the Wairoa River which flows south into Hawke Bay.Rainbow trout populate the upper reaches. The upper river has a rock and stone bed and flows through native bush with pools and short stretches of rapids.
 Emily's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys emilianus) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.It is endemic to Argentina.
 Fiendin' 4 tha Funk was the debut album by rap group 11/5. It was released on March 31 1995 for Dogday Records and featured production from The Enhancer T.C. and Reggie Smith. Fiendin' 4 tha Funk peaked at #76 on the Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 My Scene Goes Hollywood is a 2005 direct-to-DVD and VHS animated film based on Mattel's line of My Scene dolls. It features Barbie and Lindsay Lohan who plays herself. It is the third feature with the My Scene characters and the only one that was full-length. The film was directed by Eric Fogel. Even though the title of the film suggests a trip to Hollywood California the whole film actually takes place in New York City where the My Scene characters live.
 The thickhead ground snake (Atractus crassicaudatus) is a nonvenomous colubrid snake species with no recognized subspecies endemic to Colombia.
 Mostafa Chamran Savei (8 March 1932 – 20 June 1981) was an Iranian scientist who served as first defence minister of post-revolutionary Iran and as member of parliament as well as commander of paramilitary volunteers in Iran–Iraq War. He was killed during the war. He helped found the Amal Movement in southern Lebanon.
 St Michael's Catholic Church is a Catholic church located on Moor Street in Birmingham England. It received Grade II listed building status on 25 April 1952.
 Tradimento is the third solo album by Italian rapper Fabri Fibra. It was also his first LP to be distributed by Universal Music Italia. The production is covered mainly by his rapper and younger brother Nesli who produces 12 out of 17 tracks and the remainder are by Italian hip-hop producer Fish as well as Dj Nais. The singles released were Applausi per Fibra Su le mani Mal di stomaco and Idee stupide. The album was certified platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry.
 John Telemachus Johnson (October 5 1788 - December 17 1856) was a minister in the Christian Church an attorney and a politician elected as U.S. Representative from Kentucky. His older brothers also politicians included James Johnson and Richard M. Johnson who served as Vice President under Martin Van Buren; he was the uncle of Robert Ward Johnson also a politician.
 Zdeněk Tůma (born 19 October 1960) is a Czech economist and a former Governor of the Czech National Bank since 1 December 2000. He was confirmed by President Václav Klaus for another six-year term on 11 February 2005. Tůma resigns as of 30 June 2010. Previously he was Vice Governor of the Bank from 13 February 1999 to 30 November 2000. According to iHNed.cz Governor Tůma's salary was $220000.Tůma is a graduate of the Faculty of Trade at the University of Economics Prague.
 Frozen Land (Finnish: Paha maa) is a 2005 Finnish drama film directed and written by Aku Louhimies starring Jasper Pääkkönen Mikko Leppilampi and Pamela Tola.
 Dicephalarcha is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 A Woman's Way is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Ape (stylised as A*P*E and released in South Korea as 킹콩의 대역습 - King Kong eui daeyeokseup; The Great Counterattack of King-Kong) is a 1976 monster movie. It was an American/South Korean co-production produced by Kukje Movies and the Lee Ming Film Co. (South Korea) and Worldwide Entertainment (USA) with 3-D effects. Directed by Paul Leder and featuring special effects by Park Kwang Nam the film stars Rod Arrants Joanna Kerns and Alex Nicol.
 La Passerelle (French) or the Gateway (English) is a local newspaper distributed in the area of Planoise in the city of Besançon (Doubs Franche-Comté France.
 Margarita Mercado Echegaray (born on December 7 1980) is an attorney the current Prosecutor General of Puerto Rico and the youngest prosecutor to hold such post. Mercado has a bachelor's degree in political science and history of the Americas and a juris doctor from the University of Puerto Rico. She also has a master of laws in constitutional law and civil rights from Columbia University.
 Luke's Shattered Sleep is a 1916 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Svinjište is a village in the municipality of Preševo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 103 people.
 Merrill Creek is a creek in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Hastings and Lennox and Addington Counties Ontario Canada.
 Branneria is a genus of small millipedes in the order Chordeumatida comprising the family Branneriidae. Individuals reach about 4 mm (0.16 in) long. There are two species known found in the southeastern USA: B. bonoculus is found in Arkansas and eastern Texas while B. carinata occurs from North Carolina to Florida and Mississippi. B. bonoculus has 28 body segments while B. carinata has 26.
 The International Journal of Press/Politics is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covering the field of journalism especially the linkages between the news media and political processes and actors. The editor-in-chief is Silvio Waisbord (George Washington University). It was established in 1996 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Chimaerosphecia is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 The Cream-bellied Munia or Cream-bellied Mannikin (Lonchura pallidiventer) is a bird of the family Estrildidae. It was described as new to science by Restall (1996) but is considered a hybrid by van Balen (1998) and Dickinson (2003) and this treatment is followed by the BirdLife Taxonomic Working Group and it is not recognised by BirdLife International or the IOC. It is found only in Indonesia.
 Beatrix D'Souza (born May 5 1935) is an Indian politician and social worker. She represents the Anglo-Indian community from Tamil Nadu as a member of the Samata Party.
 Emile Derlin Zinsou (born 23 March 1918) is a Beninese political figure who was the President of Dahomey (now Benin) from 17 July 1968 until 10 December 1969 supported by the military regime that took power in 1967. Zinsou also served in the French senate from 1955 to 1958. He was previously Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1962 to 1963 and again from 1965 to 1967. He is said to have opposed the one-party Marxist policies of Mathieu Kérékou who ruled Benin from 1972 to 1990.
 The Cathedral Church of St. Michael the Archangel (Serbian: Саборна Црква Св. Архангела Михаила Saborna Crkva Sv. Arhangela Mihaila) is a Serb Orthodox Christian church in the centre of Belgrade Serbia. It is one of the most important places of worship in the country. It is commonly known as just Saborna crkva (The Cathedral) among the city residents.
 Cahuinari River (Spanish pronunciation: [kawiˈnaɾi]) is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin.
 The Pope House Museum built in 1901 is a restored home once owned by Dr. M.T. Pope a prominent African-American citizen of Raleigh North Carolina. The Pope House is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was also an official project of the Save America’s Treasures Program.
 Gołąb-Kolonia [ˈɡɔwɔmp kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Old Washington County Library is a historic library building located at 21 Summit Avenue in Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. It is a two story Neo-Georgian stone masonry structure of monumental proportions built 1900-01. The building appears to be one huge story from the façade. The building was designed by the noted late 19th-century American architect Bruce Price (1845-1903) and erected for the Washington County Free Library.
 Fortress Besieged (Simplified Chinese: 围城; Traditional Chinese: 圍城; Pinyin: wéi chéng) was written by Qian Zhongshu published in 1947 and is widely considered one of the masterpieces of twentieth century Chinese literature. The novel is a humorous tale about middle-class Chinese society in the late 1930s. It was made into a popular television series in the early 1990s.
 Kelly House or Kelly Residence is located at 2205 East Genesee Street in Syracuse New York. It was built in 1923. Along with other Ward Wellington Ward-designed homes such as the adjacent Collins House it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.The house features a Mercer tile fireplace with tiles depicting 12 trades and built-in bookcases.The house fronts on East Genesee Street but is on an L-shaped lot which provides access to Allen Street as well.
 Neelambari is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Harinarayanan starring Vineeth Anoop Menon. and Bhama.The story revolves around the lives of two bosom friends Parvathy and Lekshmi. Their friendship a love triangle and subsequent traumas form the crux of the movie.
 Rogoźnik [rɔˈɡɔʑnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 840.
 Flush is a young adult novel by Carl Hiaasen first published in 2005 and set in Hiaasen's native Florida. It is his second young adult novel after Hoot. The plot is similar to Hoot but it doesn't have the same cast and is not a continuation.
 Insizwa is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Ashy Woodswallow (Artamus fuscus) sometimes also called the Ashy Swallow-shrike is a woodswallow which is found in south Asia. Like other woodswallows it has a short curve bill and a short square tail and long wings. It is usually seen perched in groups high on powerlines tall bare trees and most often in areas with a predominance of tall palm trees.
 Tarpaper Sky is the fourteenth solo studio album by Rodney Crowell. Crowell co-produced the album with long-time collaborator Steuart Smith and Dan Knobler. Tarpaper Sky follows Crowell's Grammy-winning duet album with Emmylou Harris Old Yellow Moon and is his first release on New West.Tarpaper Sky is made up of entirely original Crowell compositions. Doug Freeman Austin Chronicle credits Crowell for balancing ballads and bar room stomps ...
 Nicholas A. Colafella is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He is a 1956 graduate of Aliquippa High School. He earned a degree in education from Youngstown University in 1962 an M.Ed. from Duquesne University in 1965 and a Ph.D. in higher education from the University of Pittsburgh.Prior to elective office he served as a dean at the Community College of Beaver County.
 Basra is a 2008 Egyptian film.
 Angulus emarginatus is a species of Angulus bivalve mainly distbed in tidal zone of Mainland China.
 Schwarz Weiss is a 2005 album by Austrian pop/rock singer Christina Stürmer. It was her debut album in Germany and Switzerland and her third studio album in total.The songs Ich Lebe Vorbei and Engel fliegen einsam were released as singles. Stürmer won the 2005 Single of the year Amadeus Austrian Music Award with Engel fliegen einsam.Some of the songs on this album had been released before on her earlier albums in Austria and Italy; however all the songs had alterations.
 The Science Fictional Solar System is a 1979 anthology of science fiction short-stories revolving around the solar system. Its editors are Isaac Asimov Charles G. Waugh and Martin H. Greenberg.
 Noumea verconiforma is a species of colourful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Menaku is a village in the northeast of Maré Island in the Loyalty Islands of New Caledonia. It lies south by road from Kaewatine and northwest of the main town of La Roche.It lies 27 kilometres from Tadine and as of 1996 had a population of 127 people.The Grand-Chief is Naisseline Henri Yé Nidoish the Chief is Cuéwapur Cuki and the President of the Council is Wakana Kadéne. The main language spoken by the inhabitants is the indigenous Nengoné language and the French language.
 Latitude 55° is a 1982 Canadian drama/adventure film.
 Abu Nukhayl is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Providence Jewelry Manufacturing Historic District is a historic district bounded by Ship Street Ashcroft and Elbow and Hospital Streets Point and South Streets Imperial and Claverick Streets and I-195 in Providence Rhode Island.The district features various nineteenth century buildings in Greek Revival and Federal styles and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Monty Python's Tiny Black Round Thing was a flexidisc released to promote the original release of Monty Python Live at Drury Lane. It was given away free with the British music weekly paper NME (New Musical Express) during May 1974.
 Alemayehu Atomsa (Amharic: አለማየው ፡ አቶምሳ?</span> ; 12 February 1969 – 6 March 2014) was an Ethiopian politician who served as the president of the Oromo Region the largest of the country's regions from 2010 until his resgination due to illness in 2014 from which he died in Bangkok Thailand on 6 March 2014.
 War Is Hell was a horror/war comic book series from Marvel Comics in 1973–1975. For its first six issues it featured reprints of old war comics followed by two issues of reprints of Sgt. Fury and his Howling Commandos. Beginning in issue #9 the series featured new material; the star of the series became Death who forced a dishonorable Polish man named John Kowalski killed in the Invasion of Poland (1939) to die countless deaths from other lives.
 The New Braunfels Herald-Zeitung is a newspaper based in New Braunfels Texas covering the Comal County area of Central Texas. It publishes six days a week (excluding Monday). It is owned by Southern Newspapers.Early Texas German settler and botanist Ferdinand Lindheimer was the first editor when the newspaper began as the weekly German-lanaguage publication Neu-Braunfelser Zeitung in 1852.
 Bhai Ho To Aisa is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Manmohan Desai. The film stars Jeetendra Hema Malini Shatrughan Sinha. The film had music by the composer duo Sonik-Omi and lyrics by Sahir Ludhiyanvi. The film was a hit at the box office.
 Walter Samuel Goodland (December 22 1862 – March 12 1947) was an American politician and the 31st Governor of Wisconsin. He was a Republican. He attended Lawrence University in Appleton Wisconsin.Goodland born in Sharon Wisconsin was a lawyer and newspaper owner; he had owned a newspaper in Michigan in Iron Mountain. Goodland spent time on the Gogebic Range as a young man. He came to the range and began practicing law in Wakefield Michigan.
 Fort Hawkins was a fort built in 1806-1810 in the historic Creek Nation by the United States government under President Thomas Jefferson and used until 1824. Built in what is now Georgia at the Fall Line on the east side of the Ocmulgee River the fort overlooked the sacred ancient earthwork mounds of the Ocmulgee Old Fields now known as the Ocmulgee National Monument and the Lower Creek Pathway.
 Mielnik [ˈmjɛlnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany within Pyrzyce County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Roadsongs is the second live album by The Derek Trucks Band released in 2010. The album features many songs off the band's most recent album Already Free. The album was recorded over two nights in April 2009 at Chicago's West Park. For the album The Derek Trucks Band was joined by a horn section consisting of Paul Garrett (Trumpet) Mace Hibbard (Saxophone) and Kevin Hyde (Trombone).
 Won Hee-ryong (born February 14 1964) is a South Korean politician. He is a member of the 16th 17th and 18th National Assembly and was a Supreme Council Member of the conservative Grand National Party. He is now in his third parliamentary term having first been elected in 2000. He is a young politician who speaks for Moderate-Rights. He is notable for putting a break on his party not to have strong leanings toward conservatism.
 Sur le fil is a 2009 documentary film.
 Apilocrocis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Followin' a Feelin' is the third studio album by Australian country music artist Sherrié Austin. It was released in 2001 by Madacy Entertainment and peaked at #43 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. The album includes the singles Jolene Time Love and Money and In the Meantime.
 Mimetus is a genus of pirate spiders in the family Mimetidae. They are found worldwide.
 The Gay Cavalier is a 1946 black and white Western adventure starring Gilbert Roland Helen Gerald and Tristram Coffin. It is based on a story by the author O. Henry.
 The Soft Machine as reissue also titled Volume One is the debut album by the British psychedelic rock band Soft Machine one of the central bands in the Canterbury scene.The band founded in 1966 recorded and released this studio album during their 1968 tour of the USA. It was produced by Chas Chandler and Tom Wilson.The song Joy of a Toy is one of the first compositions to feature a bass guitar melody played through a Wah-wah pedal.[citation needed]
 Luís Guillermo Peréz (born 10 December 1962) is a Colombian human rights lawyer who is currently serving as the General Secretary for the Americas for the International Federation for Human Rights. He has represented the Americas at the FIDH since 2004 and in May 2013 announced his candidacy to stand for the FIDH's presidency.He is a lawyer with the José Alvear Restrepo Lawyer's Collective and sits on its general assembly.
 Gardno (German: Garder See) is a lake in the Słowińskie Lakeland in Pomeranian Voivodship Poland. It is the part of Słowiński National Park. Its area is 24.69 km². It is 6.8 km long and 4.7 km wide. Maximum depth is 2.6 m.
 Oxhey Chapel is a redundant Anglican chapel in Oxhey a suburb of Watford Hertfordshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The chapel stands surrounded by 1940s housing in South Oxhey between a modern church and its vicarage some 2 miles (3.2 km) south of the centre of Watford.
 Kaveri (Tamil: காவேரி) is a Tamil language film starring Sivaji Ganesan Padmini and Lalitha in the lead roles. The film was released in the year 1955.
 Lakkavalli is a small town / Hobli in Tarikere Taluk of Chikkamagaluru district Karnataka state southern India. Lakkavalli is the site of a dam across the Bhadra River; the dam is used for irrigation and power production and agriculture. The bio diversity of the place is well known since the British. Even the hunter Kenneth Andersonin one of his bookclaimed to have killed a Man eater here. The Kuvempu University which is one of the premier learning centre is just 7 km from here.
 P. Ramamurti (20 September 1908 – 15 December 1987) was an Indian politician and a politburo member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist).Ramamurti was born in Chennai to Panchapakesan a Sanskrit scholar. He obtained his education from Hindu High School Presidency College Madras and the Banaras Hindu University. He joined the Congress Socialist Party (CSP) during the Indian independence movement. In 1927 he was involved in the protests against the Simon Commission.
 Cloud of Sparrows (2002) is the first historic novel by author Takashi Matsuoka featuring the struggle of Genji the young Great Lord of Akaoka in the year 1861. This is only six years after Japan opened to the West and features three American missionaries who become involved with Genji notably Emily who hopes to find solace in Japan and build a church and Matthew a product of the American West who seeks revenge.
 Deranged is a Canadian-American horror film made in 1974 and directed by Alan Ormsby and Jeff Gillen. It is also known by the title Deranged: The Confessions of a Necrophile in the USA. It is a low-budget movie that has since become something of a cult film and is based on the life of Ed Gein. The title is however misleading since Ed Gein never experimented with necrophilia; although a necrophile is also defined as an obsessive fascination with death and corpses.
 Kokri Buttran is a village in the Moga district of the East Punjab (India). It's also known as Buttran Di Kokri. The village is predominated by the Jatt people of Buttar.
 Toxicologic Pathology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Toxicology. The journal's editor is John R. Foster (AstraZeneca R&D). It has been in publication since 1972 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Society of Toxicologic Pathology.
 The People vs. Paul Crump is a 1962 documentary about the prisoner Paul Crump who was on death row for robbery and murder.The film was made for Chicago television and was highly praised and crucial to the career of its director William Friedkin helping him get an agent and jobs making documentaries for David Wolper and then an episode of The Alfred Hitchcock Hour.
 Alte Luppe is a small river of Saxony Germany. It flows in the northwestern suburbs of Leipzig.
 The Bozeman National Fish Hatchery now known as Bozeman Fish Technology Center is located about 4 miles (6.4 km) northeast of Bozeman Montana at the entrance to Bridger Canyon. There is also a National Fish Health Center on the southwest side of Bozeman near Montana State University about 7 miles (11 km) away from the Fish Technology Center. Fish Technology Centers work with a wide variety of public and private partners to improve and conserve aquatic resources.
 Daniel Isaac J. Thornton (January 31 1911 – January 19 1976) was a United States cattle breeder and Republican politician who served as the 33rd Governor of the State of Colorado from 1951 to 1955.Daniel Isaac J. Thornton was born in Hall County Texas on January 31 1911. Thornton graduated from Texas Technological College (now Texas Tech University) in Lubbock and the University of California at Los Angeles. He was married to the former Jessie Willock.
 The Secret Bride is a 1934 American drama film directed by William Dieterle and starring Barbara Stanwyck and Warren William. Based on the play Concealment by Leonard Ide the film is about governor's daughter and a state attorney general who are forced to keep their marriage secret after the governor is accused of a crime.
 The Union Building (also known the Texas Union Building or Student Union Building) is a building on the University of Texas at Austin campus serving as a college independent community center or living room for students.
 Mus (Persian: موس‎ also Romanized as Mūs; also known as Mūsá) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District Bazargan District Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Kadarpiku is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.Painter Ants Laikmaa (1866–1942) lived in Kadarpiku village from 1932 to his death in 1942. Now the house is used as a museum dedicated to Laikmaa.
 The Zappeion (Greek: Ζάππειον Μέγαρο Záppeion Mégaro) is a building in the National Gardens of Athens in the heart of Athens Greece. It is generally used for meetings and ceremonies both official and private.
 The Mysterious Disappearance of Leon (I Mean Noel) is a children's mystery novel by Ellen Raskin published in 1971.
 The Economic Journal (EJ) is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics published on behalf of the Royal Economic Society by Wiley-Blackwell. First published in 1891 the EJ is one of the founding journals of economics and has a worldwide reputation for excellence in its field. The EJ publishes papers from all areas of economics and has eight issues a year.
 Kabargin Oth Group is a group of volcanoes located in Georgia (South Ossetia). It consists of a dozen cinder cones and lava domes and is located near the border with Russia southwest of Mount Kazbek volcano.
 Gazeta Współczesna is a daily newspaper in the city of Białystok Poland. It is also a daily newspaper in the Podlasie region. The English translation is The Modern Newspaper. There are two other newspapers in the city of Białystok and they are called Kurier Poranny and Teraz Białystok.It was founded in 1951.
 Lake Idro (Italian: Lago d'Idro also Eridio from Latin: Eridius lacus German: Idrosee) is an Italian prealpine lake of glacial origin situated largely within the Province of Brescia (Lombardy) and in part in Trentino.At 368 m above sea level it is the highest of the Lombard prealpine lakes. The lake is fed principally by the waters of the river Chiese; that river is also its only emissary. It has a surface area of 11.4 km² and a maximum depth of 122 m.
 The Elizabeth Frost Tenanthouse is an historic house at 35 Bowdoin Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The two story frame house was built in 1812 and was originally located on Massachusetts Avenue. It was next to the David Frost House and was moved in the 1840s to its present location to make way for new construction.
 Aston Donald McEachin (born October 10 1961) is an American politician and lawyer. A Democrat he served in the Virginia House of Delegates 1996–2002 and 2006–2008. Since January 2008 he has served in the Senate of Virginia representing the 9th district made up of Charles City County plus parts of Henrico County and the city of Richmond.
 Pelzer Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 13 Lebby Street in Pelzer South Carolina.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register in 1993.
 The Mountain is the third album by American blues-rock band Heartless Bastards. It is their third release on Fat Possum Records and their first album without original drummer Kevin Vaughn and bassist Mike Lamping. The album was produced by Spoon producer Mike McCarthy and was released on February 3 2009.
 Update was Jane Zhang's second studio album that was released on August 2 2007. Zhang had spent one year in preparations for this album. When asked about the album's name Update Zhang explained that this is an up-graded step from her first album The One. R&B and jazz style songs were included in the new album. One of her tracks We Are Together (simplified Chinese: 我们在一起; traditional Chinese: 我們在一起)was produced for a project by the United Nations Children's Fund.
 Llyn Cwm Buchan is a lake in north Wales and is one of the sources of the River Artro which flows south westwards through Llanbedr and onwards to the sea.
 Pietrzwałd [ˈpjɛtʂfau̯t] (German: Peterswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Ostróda and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Bříství is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 The red imported fire ant (Solenopsis invicta) or simply RIFA is one of over 280 species in the widespread genus Solenopsis. Although the red imported fire ant is native to South America it has become a pest in the southern United States Australia the Caribbean Thailand Taiwan the Philippines Hong Kong the southern Chinese provinces of Guangdong Guangxi and Fujian and Macau RIFAs are known to give a painful persistently irritating sting that often leaves a pustule on the skin.
 The Manhuaçu River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Baltimore Sun is the U.S. state of Maryland’s largest general-circulation daily newspaper and provides coverage of local and regional news events issues people and industries.The Sun was founded on May 17 1837 by printer Arunah Shepherdson Abell and two associates. The Abell family owned the paper through to 1910 when the Black family gained a controlling interest. The paper was sold in 1986 to the Times-Mirror Company of Los Angeles.
 Lepidomys proclea is a species of snout moths in the genus Lepidomys. It was described by Druce in 1895 and is known from Mexico (including the type location of Teapa Tabasco) and the West Indies.
 Mary Louise Newling Wooldridge (born 29 July 1967) is an Australian politician. She has been a Liberal Party of Australia member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly since 2006 representing the electorate of Doncaster. She has been the state Minister for Mental Health Minister for Women's Affairs and Minister for Community Services since 2010 serving under both Ted Baillieu and Denis Napthine. Prior to her election she was a business consultant and political activist.
 Ahatlar is a village in the District of Köşk Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 590 people.
 The Three Musketeers is a 2011 3D adventure film directed by Paul W. S. Anderson based on the novel of the same title by Alexandre Dumas. The film stars Matthew Macfadyen Logan Lerman Ray Stevenson Luke Evans Milla Jovovich Orlando Bloom and Christoph Waltz. The Three Musketeers was released on 1 September 2011 for Germany 12 October 2011 for the United Kingdom and France and 21 October 2011 for the United States Canada and Australia.
 The Pacuma River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Flow on Mic Skate on Board is a 2008 film about a two friends one who dreams to become a rapper and the other to become a skateboarder. Allen Yung Jay Johnson and Ian Lastie Lil'E Cole two real life rappers doing a movie about Friendship Rhyming and Skate tricks.
 Weather Report Girl (お天気お姉さん Otenki Onēsan) also known as Weather Woman is a two-episode anime yuri erotic OVA comedy series originally released in Japan in August 1994 by Toho and released in the U.S. on VHS in September 1996 and DVD August 2005 by The Right Stuf International. It is based on a softcore erotic manga by Tetsu Adachi.
 Eudonia epimystis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 Akamas is a 2006 Cypriot feature film directed by Panicos Chrysanthou about a love affair between a Turkish Cypriot and Greek Cypriot despite their families' opposition and the inter-communal violence of 1960s.
 Meek's Cutoff is a 2010 western film directed by Kelly Reichardt. The film was shown in competition at the 67th Venice International Film Festival. The story is loosely based on a historical incident on the Oregon Trail in 1845 in which frontier guide Stephen Meek led a wagon train on an ill-fated journey through the Oregon desert along the route later known as the Meek Cutoff.
 Heather Ridge is located in the Slate Range in Alberta.
 Sex & Violins is the debut album by Swedish pop group Rednex released on Battery Records in February 1994. Six singles were released from it. It is also the only album to feature original female lead singer Annika Ljungberg who left the band after the release of the fifth single Rolling Home to start a solo career. The album was a commercial success including the hit dance single Cotton-Eye Joe. The album was re-titled Cotton Eye Joe (Sex & Violins) for the U.S.
 The Refuge Waterfowl Museum is located at 7059 Maddox Boulevard Chincoteague Virginia United States. The museum contains an extensive collection of wildfowl wood carvings by renowned decoy crafters. The museum also exhibits murals wildlife paintings and skipjack models. The museum also claims Cigar Daisy as its resident carver. After the death of its owner on May 4th 2013 the museum announced that it will close and sell its assets.
 Palline micramyla is a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 CBGB OMFUG Masters: Live June 29 2001: The Bowery Collection is the first live album by American garage rock band The Mooney Suzuki released on March 18 2008.
 Escudilla Mountain is located in Apache County Arizona and is part of the White Mountains. The summit is the highest point in the Escudilla Wilderness which is administered as part of the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest. The area was severely impacted by Wallow Fire of June 2011.
 Harland Amos McPhetres (February 8 1892 – May 3 1972) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the 37th Mayor of Lynn Massachusetts USA.
 Steve Hodges Sr. (born February 2 1949) is an American politician teacher and former small business owner from the state of Missouri. Hodges has served as a member of the Missouri House of Representatives since being elected in November 2006. A Democrat he represents the 149th District which includes all of New Madrid County as well as portions of Mississippi County and Pemiscot County. Due to Missouri's term limits Hodges cannot run for reelection to the seat in 2014.
 ... Beautiful Lies You Could Live In was the sixth album credited to American psychedelic folk group Pearls Before Swine and their fourth on Reprise Records. It was released in 1971.Like its predecessor City of Gold the album was credited to Tom Rapp and Pearls Before Swine rather than solely in the group's name. By this time Rapp was usually recording as in effect a solo singer-songwriter supported by his wife Elisabeth and by session musicians.
 The Cutting Edge is a live album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival and released on the Milestone label in 1974 featuring performances by Rollins with Stanley Cowell Yoshiaki Masuo Bob Cranshaw David Lee and Mtume with Rufus Harley joining on one track.
 The Zănoguța River is a tributary of the Judele River in Romania.
 Alisha Thomas Morgan is a member of the Georgia House of Representatives representing the 39th district.
 Me Me Me... and the Others (Italian: Io io io... e gli altri) is a 1966 Italian comedy film directed by Alessandro Blasetti.
 Waverly Junior and Senior High School also known as Mary W. Muldoon High School is a historic school located at Waverly in Tioga County New York. It is a three story brick building with an attached two story wing on a solid concrete foundation built in 1913. The most dominant feature of the building is the entryway. It features a round headed archway flanked by cast stone Roman Doric columns and surmounted by a wide entabulature with balustrade.
 Ruth is an impact crater on Venus. The crater based on data provided by the Magellan spacecraft has an estimated diameter of 18.5 kilometres (11.5 mi) and an elevation of 6051.365 kilometres (3760.144 mi).
 ...Un Sol (also known as 1 + 1 = 2 Enamorados) is the first album released by Mexican singer Luis Miguel. Released in 1982 when Miguel was eleven years old.
 For the ground beetle genus erroneously named Amastus by Motschulsky in 1865 see Rhytisternus.Amastus is a genus of arctiine tussock moths (tribe Phaegopterini of the family Arctiidae). Its delimitation versus Hemihyalea has long been problematic. It was recently pointed out that the type species of Hemihyalea (the old Phaegoptera cornea) is actually closely enough related to that of Amastus(P. collaris) to warrant inclusion in the present genus.
 Chah Sheykh (Persian: چاه شيخ‎ also Romanized as Chāh Sheykh) is a village in Sigar Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 450 in 92 families.
 Rise was Japanese J-pop band Speed's second album following their first album Starting Over. The album was released on 29 April 1998 and contains the singles Wake Me Up! My Graduation and their all time biggest hit White Love. The album successfully topped the Oricon sales charts eventually selling 2.09 million copies making it the best selling original studio album by female group in Japan.
 Juanita Cruz is a novel written by Magdalena G. Jalandoni in 1966. It was originally written in Hiligaynon.
 Thattayil is a village in the Pathanamthitta district of Kerala India. This place comes under the Pandalam Thekkekara gram panchayat. Agriculture is an important means of the livelihood of the people at this place. The main agricultural products are rubber rice plantain conconut cashew black pepper and ginger.[citation needed]Thattayil is famous for the Orippurathu Bhagavathy temple. Mannathu Padmanabhan started the Nair Service Society Karayogam movements in this village.
 The harlequin tree frog Rhacophorus pardalis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Thailand and the Philippines. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Chavoshi (Persian: چاوشي‎ also Romanized as Chavoshi; also known as Chāh Voshī-ye Janūbī and Chāvoshī-ye Jonūbī) is a village in Khvormuj Rural District in the Central District of Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 581 in 138 families.
 The Human Technology EP is an extended play released by trance DJ BT in 2005 under the Human Imprint label. It contains two remixes of two different songs from BT's fourth studio album Emotional Technology. The two songs remixed were Knowledge of Self a track featuring the Gang Starr rapper Guru and The Great Escape a track featuring Caroline Lavelle with remixes by Evol Intent and Alliance respectively. It is BT's fifth EP and most recent to date.
 Gegong Apang (born July 8 1949 ) is an Indian politician from Arunachal Pradesh. He was born to parents of Adi descent. He served as Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh from January 18 1980 to January 19 1999 and again from August 2003 to April 2007 when he was replaced by Dorjee Khandu. Presently he has joined BJP.
 Miss. Constance Simelane is a Swaziland politician and former Deputy Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Swaziland. Appointed to the Senate in 2001 Constance Simelane became Minister of Education in 2003. In October 2006 Simelane was appointed Deputy Prime Minister by King Mswati III succeeding Albert Shabangu who had died a month earlier.
 The Curve-billed Scythebill (Campylorhamphus procurvoides) is a species of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily.It is found in Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Clarkeulia licea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Parana).
 Kuhestan (Persian: كوهستان‎ also Romanized as Kūhestān) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 66 families.
 Mnaseas is a genus of skipper butterflies in the family Hesperiidae.
 Kötach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Passion of New Eve is a novel by Angela Carter first published in 1977. The book is set in a dystopian United States where civil war has broken out between different political racial and gendered groups. A dark satire the book parodies primitive notions of gender sexual difference and identity from a post-feminist perspective. Other major themes include sadomasochism and the politics of power.
 Eleutherodactylus nicefori is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Negaunee Fire Station is a fire station located at 200 South Pioneer Avenue in Negaunee Michigan. It is also known as the Negaunee Hose House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.The structure is still used as the headquarters of Negaunee's Volunteer Fire Department.
 For other instances of the same name see Lord of the Flies (disambiguation) Lord of the Flies is the fourth full-length studio album by English Gothic rock band Nosferatu.It was released in April 1998 by Cleopatra Records in the U.S.A and Canada and by Hades Records in the U.K. Germany Austria and Switzerland. It is the band's 5th best selling album with world-wide sales realising in excess of 5000 copies.
 Velvet Gloves and Spit is the third album by Neil Diamond. His first for MCA's UNi label it included three low-charting singles: Brooklyn Roads (#58) Two-Bit Manchild (#66) and Sunday Sun (#68).Upon its initial release in 1968 it only had ten songs.
 Mescinia texanica is a species of snout moths in the genus Mescinia. It was described by Neunzig in 1997 and is known from Texas (from which its species epithet is derived) and California.
 Deerock Lake is a lake in the Moira River in Tweed Hastings County and Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County in Ontario Canada.The lake is about 6.1 kilometres (3.8 mi) long and 1.3 kilometres (0.8 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 259 metres (850 ft) about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) west of the community of Northbrook on Ontario Highway 41 and about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the village of Flinton. Only the southwest tip of the lake lies in Tweed Hastings County.
 Taylor Lake is a lake adjacent to Clear Lake southeast of Houston Texas USA near Galveston Bay. The city of Taylor Lake Village lies on its shores within the Clear Lake Area of the Houston-Sugar Land-Baytown metropolitan area.
 Re-Entry is the second album by the Illbient band Techno Animal released on June 20 1995 through Virgin Records.
 Robert Murray Waddington (24 October 1927 – 15 March 2007) was Dean of Manchester in the last quarter of the 20th century.Born in Bognor Regis on 24 October 1927 he was educated at Dulwich College Selwyn College Cambridge and Ely Theological College. Ordained in 1954 he began his career at St John’s Bethnal Green. Afterwards he was Chaplain at Slade School in Warwick Queensland. He returned to England in 1959 to join the Oratory of the Good Shepherd an order of celibate priests.
 Piz Lischana is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps overlooking Scuol in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
 Slaves of New York is a 1989 comedy-drama Merchant Ivory Productions film. It was directed by James Ivory produced by Ismail Merchant and starred Bernadette Peters Adam Coleman Howard Chris Sarandon Mary Beth Hurt Mercedes Ruehl Madeleine Potter and Steve Buscemi.Based on the stories Slaves of New York by Tama Janowitz the film follows the lives of struggling artists in New York City during the mid-1980s.
 Gerard Chittocque Brandon (September 15 1788 – March 28 1850) was an American political leader who twice served as Governor of Mississippi during its early years of statehood.
 The Tell Atlas (Arabic: الاطلس التلي‎) is a mountain chain over 1500 kilometers in length belonging to the Atlas mountain ranges in North Africa stretching from Morocco through Algeria to Tunisia. The ranges of this system have average elevations of about 1500 m and form a natural barrier between the Mediterranean and the Sahara.
 Ezekiel Sawin House is a historic house at 44 William Street in Fairhaven Massachusetts.The house was built in 1840 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Big Iron World is the sixth studio album by folk/country/old timey band Old Crow Medicine Show released on August 29 2006. The album was produced by David Rawlings who is most famously known for being Gillian Welch's musical partner. Welch herself plays drums on the album.
 The Gazette often called the Montreal Gazette to avoid ambiguity is the only English-language daily newspaper published in Montreal Quebec Canada with three other daily English newspapers all having shut down at different times during the second half of the 20th century.Founded in 1778 by Fleury Mesplet The Gazette is Quebec's oldest daily newspaper.
 Cyperacarus is a genus of flat mites in the family Tenuipalpidae containing the following species: Cyperacarus foliatus Beard & Ochoa 2011 Cyperacarus naomae Beard & Ochoa 2011↑
 The Nicholas Marnach House is a historic building near Elba Minnesota United States. The home was built in 1857 by immigrants from the commune of Rambrouch in Luxembourg. In that year Nicholas Majerus and John Marnach along with their families purchased the land and became the fifth owners of the property. The land was previously owned by the Dakota Sioux. The house was entered into the National Register of Historic Places on January 30 1978.
 George Lloyd Spencer (March 27 1893 – January 14 1981) was a Democratic United States Senator from the State of Arkansas.G. Lloyd Spencer was born in Sarcoxie Missouri on March 27 1893. Spencer moved to Okolona Arkansas in 1902. Spencer attended public schools including the Peddie School at Hightstown New Jersey. He attended Henderson College at Arkadelphia Arkansas. During World War I Spencer served in the United States Navy as a Seaman Second Class.
 Woods-Meade House also known as Greer House is a historic home located at Rocky Mount Franklin County Virginia. The original section was built about 1830 and is the brick one cell front section. It features a molded brick cornice fine jack arches and curious half-round brick pilasters and round brick porch supports. Later additions were made to the rear of the original section starting in 1834.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Zapustka [zaˈpustka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Miechów and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.
 Clearing the Eye is the first DVD release by the Los Angeles post-metal band Isis. It features live videos (including an entire live performance) the In Fiction music video photo galleries lyrics for all songs featured a complete discography and a 20 page booklet.The DVD was originally to include a full documentary of the band but was removed just prior to its release.
 Campbell's Kingdom is a 1957 British adventure film directed by Ralph Thomas based on the 1952 novel of the same name by Hammond Innes. The film stars Dirk Bogarde and Stanley Baker with Michael Craig Barbara Murray James Robertson Justice and Sid James in support. The story is set in Alberta Canada and largely follows the principles of the Northwestern genre of film-making.
 Lake Arrowhead is an artificial lake in the towns of Waterboro and Limerick in York County Maine United States. The lake is an impoundment on the Little Ossipee River which flows northeast to the Saco River in Limington. Lake Arrowhead has a surface area of approximately 1100 acres (4.5 km2). It is surrounded by the large residential Lake Arrowhead Community.
 The Montreal Planetarium (formerly the Dow Planetarium) is a decommissioned public planetarium located at Chaboillez Square just outside downtown Montreal. It permanently closed in October 2011.
 Summer Breeze is the fourth album by the American soft rock band Seals and Crofts released in 1972 through Warner Bros. Records. It was a major commercial breakthrough for the group and peaked at #7 on the Billboard album chart. The title cut was released as a single on September 9 1972 peaking at #4 on the Adult Contemporary chart and #6 Pop. Hummingbird was the second single climbing to #12 AC #20 Pop and #40 on the Canadian RPM Magazine charts.
 Bonsoir is a 1994 French film directed by Jean-Pierre Mocky.
 Kuligi [kuˈliɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Rajgród 19 km (12 mi) east of Grajewo and 65 km (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Arctic Building is a nine-story building in Seattle Washington located at the Northeast corner of Third Avenue and Cherry Street. The building was built for the Arctic Club in 1916 and was occupied by them from construction until the club's dissolution in 1971. It is entirely faced with cream white terra cotta with submarine blue and orange-brown accents. It is particularly noted for the terra cotta walrus-heads lining the third floor of the building.
 Philonome is a genus of moths in the family Lyonetiidae.
 Peter Yawger House is a historic home located at Union Springs in Cayuga County New York. It was built in 1838–1840 in the Greek Revival style on the east shore of Cayuga Lake. It consists of a 1 1⁄2-story five-by-three-bay brick gable-roofed main block with a 1-story gable-roofed kitchen wing. The front portico is supported by four massive fluted Ionic columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Black Cars is the eighth album by Gino Vannelli released in 1984. Co-produced with his brothers Joe and Ross the album has a distinctive 80s sound with heavy use of Yamaha keyboards and synthesizers. It produced two hit singles in the title track and Hurts to Be in Love. In 1984 HME Records (NYNY) issued a 3-song 12 EP with three versions of Black Cars a special dance mix (5:55) an instrumental dub mix (3:42) and the album version (3:07).
 Single Spies is a 1988 stage play written by English playwright Alan Bennett. It consists of two acts An Englishman Abroad and A Question of Attribution.
 Jai Bajrang Bali is a 1976 Bollywood Hindu mythological film directed by Chandrakant with Dara Singh playing the title lead role of Hanuman.
 The mountain hare (Lepus timidus) also known as blue hare tundra hare variable hare white hare snow hare alpine hare and Irish hare is a hare that is largely adapted to polar and mountainous habitats.
 Sir William Rose Robinson KCSI (b. 28 June 1822 - d. 27 April 1886) was a British civil servant of the Indian civil service who acted as the Governor of Madras from 28 April 1875 to 23 November 1875.
 Small Miracles is a series of inspirational books written by Yitta Halberstam and Judith Leventhal.
 Rautalilja (Finnish: The Iron Lily) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 The Arabian Nights Murder first published in 1936 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr featuring his series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 St. Michael's Church (German: Hauptkirche Sankt Michaelis colloquially called Michel German pronunciation: [ˈmɪçəl]) is one of Hamburg's five Lutheran main churches (Hauptkirchen) and the most famous church in the city. St. Michaelis is a landmark of the city. It is dedicated to the Archangel Michael. A large bronze statue standing above the portal of the church shows the archangel conquering the devil.
 Madonna of the Streets is a 1930 American drama film directed by John S. Robertson and starring Evelyn Brent.This film is a sound remake of the 1924 silent film Madonna of the Streets starring Alla Nazimova.
 Alcatraz Versus the Shattered Lens is a juvenile fiction novel by Brandon Sanderson published in December 2010 by Scholastic Press. It is the fourth book in the Alcatraz Versus series featuring the protagonist Alcatraz Smedry.
 Greatest Hits 1987–1999 is a 2003 compilation album by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. The album was a budget release released only in Australia during the same month as Minogue's ninth studio album Body Language. The track list is an extension of her 1992 Greatest Hits compilation adding the singles released during the Deconstruction period (1994–1999).
 Scattershot: My Bipolar Family is a 2008 memoir written by American writer carpenter and former Montague Bookmill proprietor David Lovelace published by Dutton Adult. Lovelace's memoir chronicles the challenges of growing up in a family in which four out of five members suffer from bipolar disorder including Lovelace himself.
 Anwar is a 2010 Malayalam thriller film written and directed by Amal Neerad starring Prithviraj in the title role. The film was released on 15 October 2010. A Tamil dubbed version of the film was released on 19 January 2011 at 150 centres across Tamil Nadu. The film is loosely based on the 2008 American spy thriller film Traitor.
 Lorne O. Clarke OC ONS (born November 1928) is a Canadian lawyer and former Chief Justice of the Nova Scotia Supreme Court.Born in Malagash Nova Scotia he graduated from Dalhousie University with a B.A. in 1949 and an LL.B. in 1951. In 1955 he received an LL.M. from Harvard University. He was admitted to the Bar in 1953 and was appointed Queen's Counsel in 1969.He was a member of the Faculty of Law of Dalhousie University from 1952 to 1959.
 Magic Beyond Words: The J.K. Rowling Story is a made-for-TV film starring actress Poppy Montgomery. It is based on the book J.K. Rowling A Biography by Sean Smith detailing the journey of struggling single mother J. K.
 The Red Queen Kills Seven Times (Italian: La dama rossa uccide sette volte) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Emilio Miraglia.
 One Two Three Four Live! is the fifth album by popular children's entertainers Sharon Lois & Bram originally released in 1982. The recording was re-released in 1996 under the title In Concert. This is one of two Sharon Lois & Bram albums that has not been released onto CD. It is only available on Cassette and LP Record.
 Neoceratitis is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Bratonea River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
 Serial is a 1980 comedy film produced by Paramount Pictures. The screenplay by Rich Eustis and Michael Elias is drawn from the novel The Serial: A Year in the Life of Marin County by Cyra McFadden published in 1977. Produced by Sidney Beckerman and directed by Bill Persky the film stars Martin Mull Tuesday Weld Sally Kellerman Christopher Lee Bill Macy Peter Bonerz and Tom Smothers. The original music score was composed by Lalo Schifrin.
 Gitwangak Battle Hill National Historic Site formerly known as Kitwanga Fort National Historic Site is a National Historic Site of Canada located at Kitwanga British Columbia in the Skeena Country of Northwestern British Columbia Canada. The reserve now called 'Gitwangax'. This is to distinguish it from the adjacent lumber milling town Kitwanga. 'Battle Hill' was an 18th century earthwork fortress located in Kitwanga. The site includes a trail with interpretive signs.
 Moving Mountains is the third album by the band Moving Mountains. It was released on September 10 2013.
 Ram Prasad Sharma is a Bharatiya Janata Party politician from Assam. He is an advocate at the Gauhati High Court and has been fielded as the candidate from the Tezpurj constituency by his party in the Indian general election 2014. He did his Bachelor of Laws From Tura Law College in 1980-81 and Bachelor of Arts From Mendipathar College in 1976.
 Martha Quest is a 1952 novel by British Nobel Prize in Literature-winner Doris Lessing. The novel is the first part of The Children of Violence series.
 Dobratycze-Kolonia [dɔbraˈtɨt͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Phalonidia kathetospina is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Allpamayu (Quechua allpa earth) mayu river earth river hispanicized spelling Alpamayo) is a river in Peru located in the Cusco Region La Convención Province Huayopata District. It is a right tributary of the Luq'umayu an affluent of the Willkanuta River.Allpamayu originates south of the Wamanmarka River (Huamanmarca) near the lake Wamanmarkaqucha (Huamanmarcacocha). Its direction is mainly to the southwest. The confluence with the river Luq'umayu is near the village Allpamayu (Alfamayo).
 Oscar Peterson Trio + One is a 1964 album by Oscar Peterson featuring Clark Terry.
 The Hoffman Round Barn also known as Gentry Round Barn is a historic round barn and national historic district located near Wolftown Madison County Virginia. The district encompasses two contributing buildings one contributing site and one other contributing structure. The barn was built in 1913. It is a 1 1/2 story wood frame barn with 12 sides and a 12-sided standing-seam metal mansard-like roof.
 Russell Earl Holmes (politician) is an American politician who serves as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives since 2011. He is a Democrat representing the sixth district of Suffolk county which includes the Boston neighborhoods of Dorchester Hyde Park Jamaica Plain Mattapan and Roslindale.
 Fool's Luck is a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Coleophora kitella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
 Sábado en la Noche Tiki-Tiki is the sixth album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro It was released in 1982 Ven is theme song to El derecho de nacer (TV series) Also in the telenovela Verónica Castro's son Cristian Castro plays her Lost son.
 The Rev. John H. Gray House is a historic house in Eutaw Alabama. The two-story frame I-house was built by John H. Gray in the 1830s. Gray served as the first minister for the First Presbyterian Church from 1826 until 1836. The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Antebellum Homes in Eutaw Thematic Resource on April 2 1982 due to its architectural significance.
 Les Voyages de L'Âme (English: The Journeys of the Soul) is the third studio album by Alcest released on January 6 2012 by Prophecy Productions. Autre Temps was also released in a different version as a single and was made into a music video.
 Everything Changes is the sixth studio album by English singer-songwriter Julian Lennon. It was released on 2 October 2011.
 Gowri (Telugu: గౌరి) is a 2004 Telugu film that was directed by B.V. Ramana. The action/drama film stars Sumanth and Charmme Kaur. It was produced by Sravanti Ravi Kishore. It is a remake of a Tamil film Thirumalai which starred Joseph Vijay in the main lead alongside with Jyothika. Gowri was a hit at the box office collecting close to 17 (domestic net ) crores Rs. It was later dubbed into Hindi under the title The Gunda.
 Kurtzia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae.
 Anime Explosion! The What? Why? & Wow! Of Japanese Animation is a book of essays about anime written by Patrick Drazen. It was published on January 1 2002 by Stone Bridge Press.
 Pollution is the second studio album by the Italian musician Franco Battiato. It was released in 1972 on the Italian experimental label Bla Bla (catalogue no. BBXL10002). It reached No.19 in the Italian Album charts.
 Vedanta Philosophy: An address before the Graduate Philosophical Society is a lecture given by Swami Vivekananda on 25 March 1896 at the Graduate Philosophical Society of Harvard University. After this lecture the university offered Vivekananda the chair of Eastern Philosophy.
 Baghestan-e Kandehi (Persian: باغستان كنده اي‎ also Romanized as Bāghestān-e Kandeh’ī; also known as Kandai Kandeh Kandī and Kondeh) is a village in Kuhmareh Rural District Kuhmareh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 714 in 164 families.
 The Woodland Public Library is the oldest and one of the last functioning Carnegie-funded libraries in California. It is on the National Register of Historic Places and is a contributing property of the Downtown Woodland Historic District.
 Museum of Local History in Ulcinj (albanian: Muzeu i Historisë Lokale në Ulqin) or simply Museum of Ulcinj (albanian: Muzeu i Ulqinit) is a local museum located in Kalaja part of Ulcinj Montenegro.Through exhibits from the archaeological ethnographic and artistic collection in the Museum of Local History you can learn about life in Ulcinj from the 5th century BC to the Turkish period.The Museum is located in the Church-Mosque which was built as a church in 1510 and had been transformed to a mosque by the Turks in 1571. 
 The Journal of Medical Engineering & Technology is an international independent multidisciplinary peer-reviewed medical journal covering physiological processes underlying disease and the appropriate application of technology. The editor in chief is John P. Woodcock.
 Invasion: How America Still Welcomes Terrorists Criminals and Other Foreign Menaces to Our Shores (ISBN 0-89526-075-1) is a 2002 book written by political commentator and author Michelle Malkin. In it she states that the U.S.
 Mirosaljci is a village in the municipality of Arilje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 847 people.
 Dana Redd (born March 7 1968) is an American Democratic politician and is the current Mayor of Camden New Jersey. Redd served in the New Jersey Senate from January 8 2008 to January 5 2010 representing the 5th legislative district.
 Stempfferia cercenoides the Common Epitola is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria (east and the Cross River loop) Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo southern Sudan Uganda and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 Fever In Fever Out is an album by the group Luscious Jackson released on the Grand Royal label in 1996 (see 1996 in music).This album is most well known for the track Naked Eye which enjoyed some success in the Top 40. Luscious Jackson toured for this album on Lilith Fair. In mid-1997 Fever In Fever Out was certified gold.
 William Wallace Eaton (October 11 1816 – September 21 1898) was a United States Representative and United States Senator from Connecticut.
 The Vashka (Russian: Вашка) is a river in Udorsky District of the Komi Republic and Leshukonsky and Mezensky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left and the biggest tributary of the Mezen River. It is 605 kilometres (376 mi) long and the area of its basin 21000 square kilometres (8100 sq mi).
 Wola Korycka Dolna [ˈvɔla kɔˈrɨt͡ska ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trojanów within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south-east of Garwolin and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Eudendrium caraiuru is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Perigonia glaucescens is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Dominican Republic and Haiti.It can be distinguished from all other Perigonia species by the olive-green head and thorax characteristic forewing upperside pattern and the broad white or cream band across the upperside of abdominal segment six.
 Hesil Qanbareh (Persian: حصيل قنبره‎ also Romanized as Ḩeṣīl Qanbareh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Lubbock is a small lunar crater on the western edge of Mare Fecunditatis. It is located to the north of the crater Gutenberg and south of Secchi. Lubbock is circular with a low rim and flat interior. There is a small break in the eastern wall.On the mare to the south of the patch of highland containing Lubbock is the rille system designated Rimae Goclenius. The parallel rays from the crater pair of Messier and Messier A reaches the rim of Lubbock H to the north.
 Maeotias is a genus of jellyfish in the family Olindiidae. It is a monotypic genus and the only species is Maeotias marginata commonly known as the Black Sea jellyfish or brackish water hydromedusa and often referred to as Maeotias inexpectata in the literature. It was first described from the Don and Kuban estuaries of the Sea of Azov (which was called the Lake of Maeotis in antiquity) and also occurs in the Black Sea all of which are areas of low salinity.
 The Journal of Communication Management is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering public relations and published by Emerald Group Publishing. It was established in 1996 and the editor-in-chief is Anne Gregory ( Leeds Metropolitan University). The journal is abstracted and indexed in PsycINFO] and Scopus. The journal is a partner of the European Public Relations Education and Research Association and is the preferred publishing partner of the Chartered Institute of Public Relations.
 The Natural is a 1952 novel about baseball written by Bernard Malamud. The book follows Roy Hobbs a baseball prodigy whose career is sidetracked when he is shot by a woman whose motivation remains mysterious. Whether she is acting alone or is part of a plot can be debated. Most of the story concerns itself with his attempts to return to baseball later in life when he plays for the fictional New York Knights with his legendary bat Wonderboy.
 Cub Tiger From Kwang Tung (simplified Chinese: 广东小老虎; traditional Chinese: 廣東小老虎; pinyin: Guǎngdōng xiǎo lǎohǔ) is a 1973 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Chu Mu and starring Jackie Chan. Chan was 17 when the film was made in 1971 and it is considered to be his first starring role.
 The broadnose catshark Apristurus investigatoris is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae the holotype and only specimen being found in deep water in the Andaman Sea in the Indian Ocean between 16 and 10°N. Its length is 26 cm although this was an immature specimen.Reproduction is oviparous.
 Pieszków [ˈpjɛʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 David Graham Blanchflower (informally sometimes called Danny Blanchflower after the footballer) CBE (born March 2 1952) is a leading labour economist currently a tenured economics professor at Dartmouth College Hanover New Hampshire.
 Sir Reginald Alfred Hibbert GCMG (21 February 1922 – 5 October 2002) was a British diplomat.
 Rock Creek is a stream that flows from the high Eastern Sierra Nevada to the Owens River in Mono County of eastern California. The upper watershed is in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra and Inyo National Forests.
 Nebulosa is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Nasa Arab was the only release ever to be credited to Coil Vs. The Eskaton. The Eskaton however is Coil so the release is basically though not officially just by Coil. The 12 release was limited to 2500 copies.The song Nasa Arab originally appeared in a shorter form on the album Stolen & Contaminated Songs.
 Afsar is a 1950 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Chetan Anand. It was produced by and starred Dev Anand. It co-starred Suraiya who also recorded the playback singing for the film. The film was based on Nikolai Gogol's play The Government Inspector. Afsar was the first film produced under the Navketan Films banner.
 Rattlesnake Ridge (sometimes called Rattlesnake Ledge or Rattlesnake Mountain) is a mountain ridge located south of North Bend Washington United States. The western end is near the intersection of State Route 18 and I-90 in Snoqualmie Washington and runs southeast about 7 miles (11 km) or 11 miles (18 km) by trail.
 Margery Ward (July 18 1942 - January 22 1993) was a politician in Ontario Canada. She served as a New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 until her death in 1993.
 Raya Haffar Al Hassan (born January 1967) was the Lebanese finance minister the first woman to be appointed to such a senior post in Lebanon. Along with minister without portfolio Mona Ofeich Hassan was one of two women appointed in the November 2009 cabinet of Saad Hariri.
 Timeless is a collaborative album recorded and released by Brazilian artist Sérgio Mendes and produced by American rapper songwriter and producer will.i.am. The album was released on February 13 2006. The album features many neo soul and alternative hip hop guest artists including John Legend Q-Tip and Justin Timberlake. The album was produced entirely by will.i.am and was released via Concord Records and the will.i.am Music Group.
 Russell Millpond also known as Russell Mill Pond is a 42-acre (170000 m2) pond in the Chiltonville village of Plymouth Massachusetts United States. Fed by springs and water from cranberry bogs the outflow of the pond is the Eel River. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants in the pond.
 Moussa Ag Acharatoumane serves as a spokesperson for the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad (MNLA) and was based in Paris France as recently as 22 March 2012. In fact he is founding leader of the MNLA.
 Owens Sucker (Catostomus fumeiventris) is a fish in the family Catostomidae.
 Fra' Annet de Clermot-Gessant was the 59th Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta. He only reigned as Grandmaster of the Order in 1660. He was buried in the Chapel of Auvergne in St. John's Co-Cathedral.
 The Little Opawa River is a river of the south Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally east from a ridge 20 kilometres southwest of Fairlie joining with its southern neighbour the Opawa River very close to their joint outflow into the Tengawai River close to the settlement of Albury.
 Eremas is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Metcalf-Franklin Farm is a historic farm at 142 Abbott Run Valley Road in Cumberland Rhode Island.The earliest part of the farm house was constructed in 1810 and it features Colonial and Greek Revival elements. The farm was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. It is now owned by the town and serves as a community gardening facility.
 The John Philip Sousa House also known as Wild Bank was the home of John Philip Sousa bandleader and composer during 1915-1932. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1966.It is located at 14 Hicks Lane overlooking Manhasset Bay in Sands Point New York.
 Ka ʻAnoʻi is the debut album from the late Hawaiʻian musician Israel Kaʻanoʻi Kamakawiwoʻole (note the middle name).
 St Catherine of Siena Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church situated on Bristol Street in Birmingham. It was founded in 1874 and demolished and replaced in 1964. The church is within the Archdiocese of Birmingham and has been run by the Missionary Society of St. Columban since 2005.
 Cauvery rasbora or Rasbora caverii is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora from India and Sri Lanka.
 Edgar Peter Lougheed PC CC AOE QC (/ˈlɔːhiːd/ LAW-heed; July 26 1928 – September 13 2012) was a Canadian lawyer and politician. He served as the tenth Premier of Alberta from 1971 to 1985 as a Progressive Conservative.Lougheed was the grandson of Sir James Alexander Lougheed an early Senator and prominent Alberta businessman. After a short football career he entered business and practised law in Calgary. In 1965 he was elected leader of the Alberta Progressive Conservative Party.
 The Bedford Veterans Affairs Medical Center also known as the Edith Nourse Rogers Memorial Veterans Hospital is a medical facility of the United States Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) at 200 Springs Road in Bedford Massachusetts. Its campus once consisted of about 276 acres (112 ha) of land which had by 2012 been reduced to 179 acres (72 ha). The hospital was opened in 1928 to treat neuropsychiatric patients but now provides a wider array of medical services.
 Khánh Tiến is a commune (xã) and village in U Minh District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 St Edith's Church Shocklach stands at the end of an isolated lane running toward the River Dee about 1 mile (2 km) to the north of the village of Shocklach Cheshire England. It is a small Norman church and is one of the oldest ecclesiastical buildings in Cheshire. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and its simple Norman work is considered to be unique in Cheshire.
 West Burke is a village in the town of Burke Caledonia County Vermont United States. The population was 343 at the 2010 census.
 Stephen Rob Nunn known as Steve Nunn (born November 4 1952 in Glasgow Kentucky) is the former Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services for the Commonwealth of Kentucky and a convicted murderer. From 1980 to 2006 he was a Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives from his native Barren County in southern Kentucky. In 2011 Nunn received a life sentence after pleading guilty to the murder of his ex-fiancée. He is the son of the late Kentucky Governor Louie B.
 Shurikeh (Persian: شوريكه‎ also Romanized as Shūrīḵeh) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ilpenstein (also Het huis te Ilpendam) was the name of a ruined castle of the Free and high Lordship of Purmerend Purmerland and Ilpendam located in Ilpendam (Waterland) in the north of the city of Amsterdam.
 Copperfields is the fifth album by bluegrass group The Dillards.
 Heroes in Hell is an anthology book and the first volume of its namesake series created by Janet Morris. The book placed eighth in the annual Locus Poll for Best Anthology in 1987. Newton Sleep by Gregory Benford originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction received a Nebula Award nomination in 1986 as well as placing 16th in its category in the Locus Poll.
 Kathleen Williams is a Democratic member of the Montana Legislature. She was elected to House District 65 which represents part of the Gallatin County area.
 Mohsenabad (Persian: محسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩsenābād) is a village in Jowshan Rural District Golbaf District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 21 families.
 The Uganda Woodland Warbler (Phylloscopus budongoensis) is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family.It is found in Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Kenya and Uganda.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Kelowna General Hospital (KGH) is a medical facility located in Kelowna British Columbia and offers high level medical care in the Central Okanagan. In British Columbia Kelowna General is the only hospital outside of Lower Mainland or Vancouver Island that performs angioplasty or cardiac surgery.Interior Health is responsible for the operations of the hospital.
 Hopliancistrus tricornis is the only species of the genus Hopliancistrus of suckermouth armored catfish. This species reaches a length of 10.4 centimetres (4.1 in) SL. It is endemic to Brazil and can be found in the Tapajós and Xingu River basins. This species appears similar to members Lasiancistrus however it lacks the synapomorphies and has five rows of plates on the caudal peduncle instead of three like those found in Lasiancistrus.
 Tiny Titans was an Eisner Award-winning comic book series by Art Baltazar and Franco Aureliani. It was published by DC Comics beginning publication in February 2008. The first issue was also released as part of the annual Free Comic Book Day promotion in May 2008. The series concluded its run with the 50th issue released March 21 2012 (cover date May 2012).
 Rumford Point Congregational Church is an historic church at the State Route 5 and U.S. Route 2 junction in Rumford Maine.The Greek Revival church building was constructed in 1865 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Ekaterina Ivanovna Kalinina (1882 – 1960; née Lorberg) was the wife of Soviet politician Mikhail Kalinin (1875-1946). Although she was First Lady of the Soviet Union from 1922 to 1946 she was in a labor camp from 1938 to 1946.
 The Hooker Woodframe Grain Elevator is a grain elevator in Hooker Oklahoma. The elevator was built in 1926 by the Riffe & Gilmore Co. and operated by the Wheat Pool Elevator Company. Located along the Beaver Mead & Englewood Railroad the elevator served the local wheat industry; it was one of several elevatos built to compete with Chicago Rock Island and Pacific Railroad elevators in the region. The elevator was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 13 1983.
 Kicked Out is a 1918 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 The Box is a 2009 American psychological horror film based on the 1970 short story Button Button by Richard Matheson which was previously adapted into an episode of the 1980s iteration of The Twilight Zone. The film is written and directed by Richard Kelly and stars Cameron Diaz and James Marsden as a couple who receive a box from a mysterious man played by Frank Langella who offers them one million dollars if they press the button sealed within the dome on top of the box.
 Eastern Eye is a British weekly newspaper. It was created in 1989 and was first published by The Guardian before becoming a standalone newspaper.The company behind Eastern Eye changed several times since its foundation by Sarwar Ahmed.
 Monocondica is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 November is a 2004 American psychological thriller film first screened at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival. It stars Courteney Cox as Sophie a photographer whose life begins to unravel following a traumatic incident on November 7 that involved her boyfriend played by James LeGros.
 Peace at Last is the third album from Glasgow-based pop group The Blue Nile released in 1996 (see 1996 in music) via Warner Bros. Records.
 Hakmana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 DragonBlade: The Legend of Lang (Chinese: 龍刀奇緣) is the first 3D-CGI Chinese animated feature film from Hong Kong and directed by Antony szeto. It was produced by DCDC and China Film company and is also considered the first 3D rendered martial arts film.
 Brünlasberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Anarsia balioneura is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1921. It is found in Zimbabwe.
 Nicholas D. Kettle (born October 18 1990) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Rhode Island Senate representing District 21 since January 2011.
 Cryptology is an album by American jazz saxophonist David S. Ware recorded in 1994 and released on Homestead.
 Narasanayagipuram is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Myophiomys is an extinct species of rodent from Africa.
 Pretty Woman is a 1990 American romantic comedy film set in Los Angeles. Written by J. F. Lawton and directed by Garry Marshall the film stars Richard Gere and Julia Roberts and features Hector Elizondo Ralph Bellamy (in his final performance) and Jason Alexander in supporting roles.
 The Stage is a British weekly newspaper and website covering the entertainment industry and particularly theatre. It was founded in 1880. It contains news reviews opinion features and recruitment advertising mainly directed at those who work within the industry. 300000 people consult thestage.co.uk every month in addition to the tens of thousands who view the title in print every Thursday.[citation needed]
 Black Is The New White is a memoir by American comedian writer television and film actor Paul Mooney. It was published on November 3 2009.In Black Is The New White Paul Mooney talks about his celebrated partnership with fellow stand-up comedian Richard Pryor from their first meeting to the very last joke.
 The present St Mary's Church is located in the centre of the small village of Clophill between Bedford and Luton in the South Midlands of England. The new church built in 1848 replaced the old church by order of the Church Commissioners in 1850. The old church building formally The Church of St Mary The Virgin (shortened to The Church of St Mary) and known colloquially as Old St Mary's or The Old Parish Church is at the edge of the village and is estimated to be around 650 years old.
 Bicavernaria henicodes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Hexed is the second novel in Kevin Hearne's urban fantasy series The Iron Druid Chronicles and is the sequel to Hounded. It was released on June 7 2011. The third book Hammered was released on July 5 2011.
 Themes from William Blake's The Marriage of Heaven and Hell is the fourth album by Norwegian experimental band Ulver. It is a musical setting of William Blake's book The Marriage of Heaven and Hell featuring guest vocals. The actual CD booklet contains the plates of Blake's scriptures which are contained in the lyrics.The album is a drastic change in sound to that of its predecessors the title alone being a loud signal that Ulver had changed somewhat.
 Run Barbi Run is a comedy movie released by Cinemax Studios (nee GMA Films) and Moviestar Productions topbilled by Joey de Leon in 1995 with the Eraserheads and Maricel Laxa. The movie was directed by Tony Y. Reyes.
 Mount Kitatottabetsu (北戸蔦別岳 Kita-tottabetsu-dake) or Mount North Tottabetsu is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Torymidae are a family of wasps that consists of attractive metallic species with enlarged hind legs and generally with long ovipositors in the females. Many are parasitoids on gall-forming insects and some are phytophagous (plant-eating) species sometimes usurping the galls formed by other insects. Over 960 species in about 70 genera are found worldwide. They are best recognized in that they are one of the few groups of Chalcidoidea in which the cerci are visible.
 Paolo Benigno Bam Aguirre Aquino IV (born May 7 1977) is a Filipino politician and social entrepreneur. He currently serves as Senator of the Philippines under the Liberal Party.
 Experienced is a live CD and DVD set by Japanese electronica/rock duo Boom Boom Satellites. Released on February 23 2011 the album consists of a recording of their performance at Chiba's Makuhari Messe the last stop of their Japan Tour 2010 2nd Stage. The set list mainly features tracks from their 2010 studio album To the Loveless. Mastering of the album was completed on January 6 2011 as announced by the band's Twitter account.
 Askepasma is an extinct brachiopod which existed in what is now Australia and southern China during the Lower Cambrian. It was described by Laurie in 1986 and the type species is A. toddense. Other species are A. transversalis described from Guizhou China by Peng et al. in 2010 and A. saproconcha which was described by Timothy P. Topper et al. in 2012. A. saproconcha is the oldest known southern Australian brachiopod from the lower Cambrian.
 Brårud is a village in the municipality of Nes Akershus Norway. Its population (2005) is 452.
 The Black Fox (黑狐狸) is a 1962 Hong Kong thriller film directed by Yan Jun. The film was produced under the Shaw Brothers banner in the mandarin language.
 Tom Hill is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 Bill Friend (born July 14 1949) has served as an Indiana State Representative since 1992. He is currently Majority Leader of the State House.
 Meet Me in St. Louis is a 1944 musical film from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer which tells the story of an American family living in St. Louis at the time of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition World's Fair in 1904. It stars Judy Garland Margaret O'Brien Mary Astor Lucille Bremer Tom Drake Leon Ames Marjorie Main June Lockhart and Joan Carroll.The movie was adapted by Irving Brecher and Fred F.
 The Villager is a newspaper published in The Woodlands Texas covering the master-planned community and the rest of southern Montgomery County north of Houston. The award-winning weekly is distributed free to more than 38000 households. It was formerly owned by ASP Westward.The Villager details the development education diversions and news occurring in The Woodlands community.
 The Man with Two Faces (Hangul: 공포의 이중인간; RR: Gongpoui ijongingan) is a 1975 South Korean horror film.
 Hopeless Savages is a series by Oni Press written by Jen Van Meter. Thus far there have been three 4-issue miniseries (also released as trade paperbacks) and a one-shot all written by van Meter but each illustrated by a different set of artists including Christine Norrie Chynna Clugston Andi Watson Bryan Lee O'Malley and Vera Brosgol.The story follows the members of the Hopeless-Savage family.
 Radomice [radɔˈmit͡sɛ] (German: Reddermitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Lipno and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 The Masonic Temple Building in Vermilion Ohio is a building from 1870. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Anopinella parambana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador.The length of the forewings is about 7.5 mm.
 Saving Sarah Cain is a 2007 film based on Beverly Lewis' 2000 novel The Redemption of Sarah Cain. The film premiered August 19 2007 on Lifetime Television. The film is distributed by Believe Pictures and stars Lisa Pepper Elliott Gould Tess Harper Soren Fulton Danielle Chuchran Abigail Mason Tanner Maguire Bailee Madison and Jennifer O'Dell. The film was directed by Michael Landon Jr.
 A Business Affair is a 1994 romantic comedy film directed by Charlotte Brandstrom and starring Carole Bouquet. Christopher Walken and Jonathan Pryce. The film was produced by the United Kingdom in coordination with France Germany and Spain and much of the film was shot in London. On one film poster of the film Caroline Bouqet is featured with her arms wrapped around Big Ben with the two men beside her.
 Passed Away Vol. 1 is a digital compilation by Dr. Dog. The album which was released March 4 2008 is a collection of songs from a variety of times and places found on old tapes and demos that the band wished to release. The songs are more lo-fi than the latter releases of Dr. Dog comparable to their early work. Dr. Dog's traditional style of frequent doo-wop melodies occur as well which becomes a highly noticeable characteristic for the album.
 Death of a Ladies' Man is the third novel by Scottish writer Alan Bissett released on July 23 2009. Set within the city of Glasgow the novel follows divorcee teacher Charlie Bain's journey into hedonism and sex addiction. Bissett describes Death of a Ladies' Man as a cautionary tale for women written by a man who is trying to say: 'Look this is why we are the way we are.
 Miller Hill Mall is a shopping mall located in Duluth Minnesota USA. It is located on U.S. Highway 53 where it intersects Trinity Road. The mall owned by Simon Property Group features JCPenney Sears and Younkers as its anchor stores as well as Barnes & Noble and DSW Shoe Warehouse with more than 100 tenants plus a food court.
 Zamanabad (Persian: زمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Zamānābād) is a village in Qaleh Now Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2343 in 584 families.
 The Wayne L. Morse United States Courthouse is a federal courthouse located in Eugene Oregon. Completed in 2006 it serves the District of Oregon as part of the Ninth Judicial Circuit. The courthouse is named in honor of former U.S. Senator Wayne Morse who represented Oregon for 24 years in the Senate and was a Eugene area resident.
 A Temple of the Holy Ghost is a short story by Flannery O'Connor. It was written in 1954 and published in 1955 in her short story collection A Good Man Is Hard to Find and is one of O'Connor's only explicitly Catholic stories. A devout Roman Catholic O'Connor often used religious themes in her work but more commonly described rural Southern Protestants as her main characters.
 The Bad Man of Brimstone is a 1937 Western film starring Wallace Beery and directed by J. Walter Ruben. Beery's brother Noah Beery Sr. appears in a supporting role as a bartender. The supporting cast also features Virginia Bruce Dennis O'Keefe Lewis Stone Bruce Cabot Guinn Big Boy Williams and John Qualen. The screenplay was written by Cyril Hume andRichard Maibaum from a story by Ruben and Maurice Rapf.
 R.A.W is the second studio album by rapper Daz Dillinger. It was released on August 29 2000 through D.P.G. Recordz.
 The Dusky-brown Oriole (Oriolus phaeochromus) is a species of bird in the Oriolidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Main street (Spanish: Calle Mayor) is a 1956 Spanish drama film directed by Juan Antonio Bardem. It features a French-Spanish cast led by the American actress Betsy Blair who was dubbed into Spanish as well as the Spanish actor José Suárez. It is based on a Carlos Arniches play titled La señorita de Trévelez. The locations were Palencia Cuenca and Logroño. The film won the FRIPESCI Award at Venice Film Festival and was an international success.
 Pseudargyria is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Valea Pichetului River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
 Józefów [juˈzɛfuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czastary within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Czastary 14 km (9 mi) east of Wieruszów and 97 km (60 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Danse Macabre (1981) is a non-fiction book by Stephen King about horror fiction in print radio film and comics and the influence of contemporary societal fears and anxieties on the genre. It was republished on February 23 2010 with an additional new essay entitled What's Scary.Danse Macabre examines the various influences on King's own writing and important genre texts of the 19th and 20th centuries.
 Suleiman Jasir Al-Herbish is in his third five-year term as Director-General of the OPEC Fund for International Development (OFID) as of 2013.
 A New Flame is the third album by British pop group Simply Red released in February 1989. It was a huge success worldwide becoming the band's first UK number one album and certified 7x Platinum by the BPI for sales of 2100000 copies in the UK alone. The album was also certified Gold in the US by the RIAA.
 Telelove is the debut album by Suze DeMarchi former lead singer of Australian band the Baby Animals released in March 1999. The album's original title was to be Messages Delayed but was changed prior to release.
 Richard Denis Meagher MLA (11 January 1866 – 17 September 1931) was an Australian solicitor and was the first Labor Lord Mayor of Sydney serving from 1916 to 1917.
 Queen of Denmark is the debut solo album by former The Czars frontman John Grant released on April 19 2010 on the Bella Union label. Queen of Denmark is a collaboration between Grant and American folk rock band Midlake and produced by Grant himself in collaboration with Midlake members Paul Alexander and Eric Pulido. It was recorded over two four-months periods July to October 2008 and May to July 2009 in Midlake's recording studio in Denton Texas.
 New vogue children is the first album by Japanese band Schwarz Stein released in 2003.The first print of the album came with a limited poster and a special Message CD with a spoken message from the band.
 Josh: Independence Through Unity (Urdu: جوش: متحدہ آزادی‎) is a 2013 Pakistani mystery thriller drama film written directed and produced by Iram Parveen Bilal with co-producers Saad Bin Mujeeb and Kelly Thomas. Film is set to be release at Eid-ul-Fitr in Pakistan and India on 10 August 2013. The film stars Aamina Sheikh Mohib Mirza Khalid Malik Naveen Waqar Adnan Shah Tipu Kaiser Khan Nizamani Parveen Akber Nyla Jafri Salim Mairaj Faizan Haqquee and Ali Rizvi in the ensemble cast.
 Kionoceras is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod genus included in the orthocerid family Kionoceratidae with scattered worldwide distribution from the Middle Ordovician to the Lower Permian. Kionoceratids are orthocerids with prominent longitudinal ornamentation on their shells sometimes augmented by secondary trasverse ornamenttion. Orthocerids are of course prehistoric nautiloides with generally straight and elongate shells mostly with central or subcentral siphuncles.
 Heart of Dragon (Chinese: 龍的心 released in the United Kingdom as Heart of the Dragon) is a 1985 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film directed by Sammo Hung who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Jackie Chan Emily Chu and Mang Hoi. It also features Yuen Biao is the action director for this film.It is also known by the titles as The First Mission and Powerman III.
 Freighters of Destiny is a 1931 Western film starring Tom Keene.
 Michel Sapin (French pronunciation: ​[mi.ʃɛl sa.pɛ̃] ; born 9 April 1952) is a French politician who has served in the government of France as Minister of Finance since 2014. He previously served as Minister of Finance from 1992 to 1993 and he was Minister of the Civil Service from 2000 to 2002 and Minister of Labour from 2012 to 2014.
 Balgarup River is a river in Western Australia that has its headwaters south-east of Kojonup just below Byenup Hill.The river flows is a north-westerly direction crossing Albany Highway south of Kojonup then through the town of Muradup and continues in the north-west direction until it joins the Blackwood River of which it is a tributary.
 Burg Seebenstein is a castle in Seebenstein Lower Austria Austria.
 Sixteen Mile Creek is a river in Halton Region in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario Canada.
 Mayor Muthanna (Kannada: ಮೇಯರ್ ಮುತ್ತಣ್ಣ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada-language film directed by Siddalingaiah. The film stars Rajkumar and Bharathi. The film was Siddalingaiah's first as a director.
 Rep Your Hood is Deez Nuts' first EP. It was released on August 20 2007 by Stomp Entertainment. All of the albums instruments and lead vocals were done by JJ Peters besides the guitar solo on There's a Party Over Here Ain't Shit Over There which is performed by Roman Koester of The Red Shore and the guest vocals performed by Ben Coyte (Day of Contempt In Trenches) Joel Hamlin and Andrew Neufeld (Comeback Kid).
 Cisthene cynara is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Giants & Elephants is a collaboration album by American rappers Guce & J. Stalin released on 21 July 2009. It peaked at #61 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. Giants & Elephants is Guce's most successful album to date and his first appearance on that chart since 1994's Peer Pressure. It features a guest appearance from Currensy.
 Shiloh is a family drama film produced and directed by Dale Rosenbloom in 1996. It was shown at the Heartland Film Festival in 1996 but its general release came on April 27 1997. The original book by the same name was written by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor. There are two sequels Shiloh 2: Shiloh Season (1999) and Saving Shiloh (2006) both directed by Sandy Tung.
 Ligota Mała [liˈɡɔta ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polska Cerekiew within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Polska Cerekiew 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 184.
 Arthur C. Verow is an American politician from Maine. A Democrat Verow has served in the Maine House of Representatives since 2012. He was previously the mayor of Brewer Maine.
 Ostunrash (Persian: استون رش‎ also Romanized as Ostūnrash; also known as Sotūnrash) is a village in Shepiran Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 758 in 104 families.
 Cinta Kura Kura (Turtle love) is a Malaysian film produced by KRU Studios in 2012. It features Tiz Zaqyah Aeril Zafrel and Zizan Razak. It is set for release on 1 March 2012. This films tells us about Nani a bubbly 21-year-old girl and her unique pet turtle Nico.
 13 Rue de l'Amour is a French farce by Georges Feydeau.
 Easy Livin' is an album by composer/arranger/keyboardist Clare Fischer a program of standards featuring both solo piano performances and piano-bass duets recorded on August 8 1963 given a limited release in 1966 (see original album cover below) and reissued in 1968 on the Revelation label.
 Simple Pleasures is an album by American banjoist Alison Brown released in 1990. Produced by David Grisman and recorded with his David Grisman Quintet plus such stars as Mike Marshall Alison Krauss and Turtle Island String Quartet violoncellist Mark Summer this jazzy album delivers a hybrid-string sound with all tracks exclusively written by Alison Brown.
 Shri Virendra Bhatia (April 22 1947 – May 24 2010) was a politician from the Samajwadi Party and a Member of the Parliament of India representing Uttar Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha the upper house of the Indian Parliament.Bhatia died on May 24 2010 in Apollo Hospital in New Delhi after short illness.
 Lewesdon Hill is about 4 km west of Beaminster in south west Dorset England. Like many of the high hills in Dorset including its neighbour Pilsdon Pen it is the site of an Iron Age hill fort. The hill is formed from upper greensand which is more resistant to erosion than the surrounding clay. The hill is the highest point in Dorset closely followed by Pilsdon Pen (277 m) and Bulbarrow Hill (274 m). To the south of the hill is the Marshwood Vale. It is a National Trust property.
 The Cat of Bubastes A Tale of Ancient Egypt (1889) is a historical novel for young people by British author G.A. Henty. It is the story of a young prince who becomes a slave when the Egyptians conquer his people then is made a fugitive when his master accidentally kills a sacred cat. The book was illustrated by John Reinhard Weguelin a notable Victorian painter.
 Briaraula are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 The Basséra is a short mountain river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. Its source is in the Maritime Alps and it flows into the river Bévéra itself a tributary of the Roya near Sospel.
 The Mindanao Island caecilian Ichthyophis mindanaoensis is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers intermittent rivers freshwater springs plantations rural gardens heavily degraded former forests irrigated land and seasonally flooded agricultural land.
 Morris Albert Lottinger Jr. (born c. 1938) is a retired judge who previously served from 1971 to 1976 as a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from his native Houma in Terrebonne Parish in South Louisiana.Lottinger is one of two children born to the former Effie J. Hellier (1908-1993) and the attorney Morris Lottinger Sr. His paternal grandparents were the former Lucille Theriot and Victor Lottinger (died July 1939).
 The London Transport Museum or LT Museum based in Covent Garden London seeks to conserve and explain the transport heritage of Britain's capital city. The majority of the museum's exhibits originated in the collection of London Transport but since the creation of Transport for London (TfL) in 2000 the remit of the museum has expanded to cover all aspects of transportation in the city.The museum operates from two sites within London.
 Shackleford (foaled February 25 2008) is a retired chestnut Thoroughbred race horse who won the 2011 Preakness Stakes. His pedigree traces to major sires of significance including his grandsire Storm Cat and his damsire Unbridled as well as numerous fourth generation who were champion breeders. The colt was sired by Forestry out of the mare Oatsee who was purchased in 2006 by Shackleford's owners for $135000. After giving birth to Shackleford Oatsee was bred to A.P.
 Diploharpus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Diploharpus ebeninus Bates 1872 Diploharpus exstriatus Bates 1878 Diploharpus laevigatus Perrault 1992 Diploharpus laevissimus Chaudoir 1850 Diploharpus mexicanus (Chevrolat 1841) Diploharpus perpolitus Bates 1882 Diploharpus rubripes Bates 1872 Diploharpus striolatus Bates 1872 Diploharpus termitophilus Perrault 1992↑
 Mysterious Girlfriend X (謎の彼女X Nazo no Kanojo Ekkusu) is an ongoing Japanese manga written and illustrated by Riichi Ueshiba. It was originally published as a one-shot story in 2004 before becoming a serialized comic in Kodansha's Afternoon magazine in 2006. An anime adaptation by Hoods Entertainment aired in Japan from April 7 2012 to June 30 2012 with an original video animation episode released on August 23 2012.
 Where We Are is the ninth studio album and tenth album overall by Irish boy band Westlife. It was released on 27 November 2009 in Ireland and 30 November 2009 in the UK through S Records RCA Records and Sony Music. Where We Are is the group's first album following a break from music in 2008.
 Vicente Leonidas Saadi (1913 – 10 July 1988) was an Argentine Justicialist Party politician. He was a senator and governor for Catamarca Province and became the patriarch of a family that has dominated Catamarca politics since the 1940s.Born in Belén his family were prosperous Syrian-Lebanese immigrants who became prominent in local commerce.
 Gotō Morinori (五島 盛徳 July 15 1840 – November 11 1875) was the 11th and final Daimyō of Fukue Domain in Hizen Province Kyūshū Japan (modern-day Nagasaki Prefecture). He was the 31st hereditary head of the Gotō clan. His courtesy titles were Ōmi-no-kami and later Hida-no-kami and he held lower 5th court rank.
 Don Camillo (internationally released as The World of Don Camillo) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed produced and starred by Terence Hill. It is the remake of Le Petit Monde de Don Camillo (1952).
 Audrey was a 1916 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players Film Company and released through Paramount Pictures. The film stars Pauline Frederick and was directed by Robert G. Vignola. It is based on a novel of the same name about an orphan by Mary Johnston. The film is now considered lost.
 Providence Gas Company Purifier House (Imperial Warehouse Company; City Tire Company) is a historic building at 200 Allens Avenue in Providence Rhode Island.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Stan (foaled in 1950 in England) was an Thoroughbred racehorse who raced in England and in the United States where he was the 1954 American Champion Male Turf Horse. Racing at age two in 1952 he won six of his eight starts in England before being sold to an American buyer who in turn subsequently sold him to for US$29050 Allie Reuben owner of Hasty House Farm.
 Vexillum concentricum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Hays House is an historic Greek Revival house near Lorman Mississippi. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 10 2009. The Hays House is one of a few Greek Revival cottages in Mississippi to have a full-façade gallery. The property was the Highlighted Property of the Week when the National Park Service released its weekly list of March 20 2009.
 Conus malacanus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Oxychilus lentiformis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae the glass snails.
 The University of Washington Medical Center is a nationally renowned hospital located along the Montlake Cut and Portage Bay in the University District of Seattle Washington USA. It is one of the teaching hospitals affiliated with the University of Washington School of Medicine. UW Medical Center has 450 beds.The 2007 issue of U.S. News & World Report's America's Best Hospitals ranks the UWMC 10th out of 5462 hospitals nationwide.
 Telford Shopping Centre is a 25-acre (100000 m2) indoor super-regional shopping centre in Telford Shropshire England. It is located in the geographical and economic centre of the new town on land which was previously undeveloped. It is the largest shopping area in the ceremonial county of Shropshire being located roughly equidistant between Shrewsbury the county town and the West Midlands conurbation.
 Zoo Hypothesis is the title of a studio album by Chicago band Tub Ring released in 2004. The song Alexander in Charge contains a sample from the movie Taxi Driver.
 Banteay Neang is a khum (commune) and village of Mongkol Borei District in Banteay Meanchey Province in western Cambodia.
 Crewel Lye: A Caustic Yarn is the eighth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.This book is a story within a story as one of Castle Roogna's ghosts Jordan the Barbarian tells Princess Ivy his story of betrayal and death via the magical medium of the Tapestry.
 For the constituency see Westminster St George's (UK Parliament constituency).Grosvenor Chapel is an Anglican church in what is now the City of Westminster England built in 1730s it inspired many churches in New England. It is situated on South Audley Street in Mayfair.
 Endothenia oblongana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 11–15 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants.
 Prototheora drackensbergae is a species of moth of the Prototheoridae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known only from the type locality east of the Drackensberg escarpment in KwaZulu-Natal.The wingspan is about 20.3 mm.
 Portobello is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell published in 2008. It is set in and around the Portobello Road in Notting Hill London. Written in the third-person narrative mode it follows the lives of a number of Londoners—rich and poor alike—living near the Portobello Road Market whose paths cross by accident rather than design.
 The Watertown Public Opinion is a six-day daily newspaper published in Watertown South Dakota USA serving eastern South Dakota and western Minnesota. It publishes in the afternoon Monday through Friday and a weekend edition on Saturday morning.The fourth largest newspaper in South Dakota it has been owned since 2002 by United Communications Corporation of Kenosha Wisconsin.
 Poecopa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pachyurinus is a genus of beetles which belong to the family Belidae.
 The Balls are a mountain range within the Sierra Nevada in Madera County California. They are glacier-carved granite domes and have been described as looking like smooth scoops of butterscotch ice cream. They are protected in the Sierra National Forest.
 1500 Louisiana Street formerly Enron Center South is a 600 ft (183m) tall skyscraper in Houston Texas. It was completed in 2002 and has 40 floors. It is the 17th tallest building in the city and the tallest completed in the 2000s.
 The Cape Wagtail (Motacilla capensis) is a small passerine bird in the family Motacillidae which includes the wagtails pipits and longclaws.This species breeds in much of Africa from eastern Zaire and Angola across to Kenya and south to the Cape in South Africa.This is an insectivorous bird of open country often near habitation and water. It prefers bare areas or short grass for feeding where it can see and pursue its prey.
 Two English Girls (original French title: Les Deux Anglaises et le Continent UK Title: Anne and Muriel) is a 1971 French romantic drama film directed by François Truffaut and based on a 1956 novel by Henri-Pierre Roché. Starring Jean-Pierre Léaud as Claude Kika Markham as Anne and Stacey Tendeter as Muriel.The novel was available in its first English translation as of January 2004 translated by Walter Bruno published by Cambridge Book Review Press Cambridge WI.
 Chondrocladia lyra also known as the lyre sponge or harp sponge is a species of carnivorous deep-sea sponge first discovered off the Californian coast living at depths of 10800–11500 feet (3300–3500 m) by Welton L. Lee Henry M Reiswig William C.
 The Agriș River is a tributary of the Valea Baciului River in Romania.
 Suraksan is a mountain in South Korea. It extends across the district of Nowon-gu in Seoul the national capital and the cities of Namyangju and Uijeongbu in the province of Gyeonggi-do. It has an elevation of 637.7 m (2092 ft).
 Home Is the Sailor (Portuguese: Os velhos marinheiros ou o capitão de longo curso) is a Brazilian modernist novel. It was written by Jorge Amado in 1961 and translated into English by Harriet de Onís in 1964.
 Today's Sunbeam was a daily newspaper in Salem New Jersey United States. Founded in 1819 it ceased publication in 2012 when it merged with its sister papers the Gloucester County Times and The News of Cumberland County to form the South Jersey Times.
 Holy Cross Church Kaunas (Lithuanian: Šv. Kryžiaus (Karmelitų) bažnyčia) is located in the Centre elderate of Kaunas Lithuania. The monks of the Order of Carmelites bought several plots of land for the monastery in Kaunas near the Nemunas river in 1706. Some years earlier the new church was sanctified nearby in 1685. It was consecrated in 1700. The church was built in the late baroque style. It is a two tower building of Latin cross shape.
 Taridius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: The genus was described by Chaudoir in 1875.
 Šesta knjiga sanj is a novel by Slovenian author Dušan Merc (sl). It was first published in 2006.
 Psary [ˈpsarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebinia within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Trzebinia 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Chrzanów and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village had a population of 1439 at 2009.
 The Circle & the Square is the first album by Red Box and was released in 1986. This album contained the group's two UK top ten hits Lean on Me and For America.
 Meantime is the second studio album and major label debut by the American alternative metal band Helmet released on June 23 1992 through Interscope Records.Despite initially only achieving moderate commercial success peaking at number 68 on the Billboard 200 chart upon release in 1992 the album influenced multiple bands in its wake and has been well received by music critics and is considered an influential album of the metal genre.
 Pies and Guys is the 185th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The Museo del Aire full title in Spanish Museo de Aeronáutica y Astronáutica o Museo del Aire is an aviation museum located in the outskirts of Madrid at Cuatro Vientos Airport Spain. The museum was founded in 1981 and offers six exhibition galleries and it has about 150 aircraft on display.Cuatro Vientos was inaugurated in 1911 and is Spain’s first military airfield.
 Transilvanian Hunger is the fourth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Darkthrone. It was released in 1994 through Peaceville Records.
 Epistemologia is an academic journal of philosophy. The journal is focused on analytical philosophy publishing articles that deal with philosophy of science epistemology logic philosophy of language philosophy of mind. It publishes articles in English and Italian.
 Midnight Club is a 1933 crime film about a gang of London jewel thieves infiltrated by an undercover agent (George Raft). The movie was directed by Alexander Hall and George Somnes.This film is not related to the video game of the same name.
 Trinity Church is an historic church located at 833 Route 12A in Cornish New Hampshire in the United States. It began in 1793 as the Episcopal Society and became Trinity Episcopal Church in 1795. Instrumental in its establishment was Philander Chase son of one of the three founders of Cornish and then a student at Dartmouth College.
 Ancylocera is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Ancylocera amplicornis Chemsak 1963 Ancylocera bicolor (Olivier 1795) Ancylocera bruchi Viana 1971 Ancylocera cardinalis (Dalman 1823) Ancylocera michelbacheri Chemsak 1963 Ancylocera nigella Gounelle 1913 Ancylocera sallei Buquet 1857 Ancylocera sergioi Monné & Napp 2001 Ancylocera spinula Monné & Napp 2001↑
 The Medway Megaliths is the collective name given to a group of Early Neolithic chambered long barrows and other megalithic monuments located in the lower valley of the River Medway in Kent South-East England.
 Bell Farm is a heritage farm built in 1882 by Major Bell on ten miles (16 km) square or 60000 acres (24000 ha) at Indian Head. The Bell Farm Barn is amongst the ten top most endangered sites by the Heritage Canada Foundation.sp The round structure consisted of a silo which could be used also as a lookout tower. The silo had a capacity of 4000 bushels of oats and 100 tons of hay. The surrounding area could house 36 horse and an office.
 311 South Wacker Drive in Chicago USA is a post-modern 65-story skyscraper completed in 1990. At 961 feet (293 m) tall it is the seventh tallest building in Chicago and the 16th tallest in the United States. It was once the tallest reinforced concrete building in the world. The building is also the tallest building in the world known only by its street address.The lower level of the winter garden was designed for a possible connection via underground passageway to Chicago Union Station.
 Die Tödlichen Träume is a 1951 German drama film directed by Paul Martin. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
 Rakutowo [rakuˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Kowal 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Włocławek and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Różany [ruˈʐanɨ] (German: Alt Rosengart) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Gronowo Elbląskie 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Elbląg and 84 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 130.
 Leszczyna [lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨna] (German: Hasselbusch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 70.
 The Fall River is a 24.4-mile-long (39.3 km) tributary of the Pit River in northern California.
 Fernando José de La Vieter Ribeiro Nobre (born 16 December 1951) is a Portuguese doctor who is the founder and president of the Portuguese NGO AMI (Global Humanitarian Action). In 2007 he was voted as the 25th greatest Portuguese ever in the contest Os Grandes Portugueses being the 5th most voted among Portuguese living people at that date. He was a candidate to the Portuguese presidential election 2011.
 Turbo cornutus common name the horned turban is a species of sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.
 Europlema desistaria is a species of moth of the Uraniidae family. It is found in India Burma Thailand Taiwan Borneo Sulawesi Flores and Queensland.Adults have a complex wingpattern consisting of shades of brown. There is a ragged white inner margin on each forewing and along the costa of each hindwing.
 Eve's Ransom is a novel by George Gissing first published in 1895 as a serialisation in the Illustrated London News. It features the story of a mechanical draughtsman named Maurice Hilliard who comes into some money which enables him to live without working. As part of his resulting travels he meets and falls in love with Eve Madeley a book keeper.Eve's Ransom was published in a single-volume edition immediately after the conclusion of its serialisation which was unusual at the time.
 Redland Hospital is a public hospital located in Redland City Queensland Australia. Its address is Weippin Street Cleveland QLD 4163. The hospital provides emergency general medical surgical and obstetric services.
 Wieleń Pomorski [ˈvjɛlɛɲ pɔˈmɔrski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Chociwel 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 106.
 Members Don't Git Weary is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in 1968 and released on the Atlantic label.
 James Tuller Cintrón is the designated Puerto Rico Police Superintendent and the former Chief of the New York City Police Department Transportation Bureau. Tuller has been a policeman since 1973 and holds a bachelor's degree in political science from John Jay College of Criminal Justice and a master's degree in public administration.
 Richard Manning Jefferies (February 27 1889 – April 20 1964) a longtime state legislator and the 101st Governor of South Carolina from 1942 to 1943 was born in Union County South Carolina on February 27 1889. He graduated from the University of South Carolina in 1910 and moved to the town of Ridgeland. There he read law and served as superintendent of the elementary school.
 Orphan is an album by alternative metal band Darwin's Waiting Room released on July 24 2001.
 The Discoverers is a non-fiction historical work by Daniel Boorstin published in 1983 and is the first in the Knowledge Trilogy that also includes The Creators and The Seekers.The book subtitled A History of Man's Search to Know His World and Himself is the history of human discovery. Discovery in all its many forms are present - exploration scientific medical mathematical and the more theoretical ones such as time evolution plate tectonics and relativity.
 Japan (ジャパン) is a manga written by Buronson and illustrated by Kentaro Miura.
 The Zane Grey Estate is a National Register of Historic Places structure (site #02001187) in Altadena California. It was placed on the Register in 2002 for its association with author Zane Grey.The mansion was built by Chicago business machine manufacturer Arthur Herbert Woodward.
 Simmons Stone House is a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County New York. It was built between 1847 and 1849 and is a two story massive cruciform plan stone house constructed of random ashlar blocks. It has an intersecting low pitched gable roof with broad overhanging cornice in the Italianate style.
 Ngadi Chuli (also known as Peak 29 Dakura Dakum or Dunapurna) is a high peak in the Mansiri Himal (or Manaslu Himal) also known as the Gurkha Massif in Nepal. It is flanked by Manaslu to the north and Himalchuli to the south.Despite its top 20 height Ngadi Chuli has only been climbed once or twice. The probable first ascent occurred in 1970. Hiroshi Watanabe and Sherpa Lhaksa Tsering members of a Japanese expedition climbed the east ridge and face.
 The Saga of the Sanpitch was a collection of biographical short stories published annually from 1969 to 1998 about early Scandinavian immigrants to the Sanpete Valley.
 Half Nelson is a compilation album of duets performed by country singer Willie Nelson along with various other artists released in 1985. It also includes a few never-before released hits as well.
 HM Prison Hindley is a male juvenile's prison located in the village of Bickershaw (near Wigan) in Greater Manchester England. Hindley is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Yoke is a fell in the Lake District in Cumbria England. It has a height of 706 m (2316 ft) and is situated in the far eastern sector of the national park 7 kilometres north east of the town of Ambleside. Yoke is the southern extremity of the long ridge that runs southwards from the fell of High Street. Yoke’s name is believed to be derived from the Old English language word geoc which is similar to the German word joch meaning mountain ridge.
 The Time Machine is the original motion picture soundtrack of the film The Time Machine both released in 2002. It was composed by Klaus Badelt. A promotional edition contains more cues and alternate versions of some cues.
 Ismat T. Kittani (5 April 1929 – 23 October 2001) is a former Iraqi politician most notable for being President of the United Nations General Assembly in 1981 and 1982.
 Dystopia is the second studio album by Canadian deathcore band Beneath the Massacre. It was released on October 28 2008 through Prosthetic Records.The song Never More is a re-recorded version of the track of the same name found on their first EP Evidence of Inequity. It was last album with longtime guitarist Eric Jarrin.
 The Vete River is a tributary of the Bicăjel River in Romania.
 All Nudity Shall Be Punished (Portuguese: Toda Nudez Será Castigada) is a 1973 Brazilian drama film based on Nelson Rodrigues' play by the same name and directed by Arnaldo Jabor. It was entered into the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear.
 Anandamath (Bengali: আনন্দমঠ Anondomôţh; first English publication title: The Abbey of Bliss) is a Bengali novel written by Bankim Chandra Chatterji and published in 1882. Set in the background of the Sannyasi Rebellion in the late 18th century it is considered one of the most important novels in the history of Bengali and Indian literature. Its importance is heightened by the fact that it became synonymous with the struggle for Indian independence from the British Empire.
 Tom Guran (Persian: تم گوران‎ also Romanized as Tom Gūrān) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 344 in 80 families.
 The Greenwood Encyclopedia of African American Folklore is a three volume set of books published in December 2005 by Greenwood Press. It contains roughly 700 alphabetically arranged entries by more than 100 contributors. It serves as a comprehensive overview of all aspects of African-American folklore including folktales music foodways spiritual beliefs and art.
 Robert Mitsuhiro Takasugi (September 12 1930 - August 4 2009) was a United States federal judge of Japanese descent.
 Manhandled is a 1949 film noir directed by Lewis R. Foster and starring Dorothy Lamour Dan Duryea and Sterling Hayden and based on the 1945 novel The Man Who Stole a Dream by L. S. Goldsmith.
 Phyllomedusa palliata is a species of frog in the Hylidae family. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Ecuador Peru and possibly Colombia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Boeckella is a genus of copepods in the family Centropagidae.
 The Gilorțelul Mare River is a headwater of the Gilorţel River in Romania.
 Smelt Pond is a 44-acre (180000 m2) pond in Kingston Massachusetts. The pond is located west of the Independence Mall and north of U.S. Route 44. Camp Nekon a 193-acre (0.78 km2) former Girl Scout camp which closed in 1975 and has since become a recreation area surrounds the pond. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish in the pond.
 The Georgetown Reservoir is a reservoir that is part of the water supply and treatment infrastructure for the District of Columbia. It is located in the Palisades neighborhood of Washington D.C. approximately two miles downstream from the Maryland–D.C. boundary.The reservoir was built by the United States Army Corps of Engineers as part of the Washington Aqueduct project. It was partially completed by 1858 but work was suspended for lack of funds.
 Mount Davis is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is located along Montalban Ridge a series of summits extending south from Mount Washington in the White Mountains.Mount Davis is named after the Davis family of Massachusetts a political dynasty whose members over 220 years have held at least 20 federal and state elected offices throughout New England.
 The Bow (Korean title: Hwal) is a 2005 film written and directed by Kim Ki-duk. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.The film is primarily centered around a 60-year-old man and a 16-year-old girl living in near seclusion on a fishing boat. It is agreed that they will marry when the girl turns 17. Much like other movies by Kim Ki-duk the film contains very little dialogue.
 Yellow Card Man is a science fiction novelette published in 2006 by Paolo Bacigalupi. It was nominated for the 2007 Hugo Award for Best Novelette. The story serves as a prequel for Bacigalupi's novel The Windup Girl.
 Legend is the debut EP by black metal band Abigail Williams. It was originally released as a live EP of concert songs on October 3 2006 and was later released through Candlelight Records as studio-quality release on January 23 2007. The EP is noted for its metalcore influences that are abandoned after this release.Musical critic website Allmusic stated Legend is best described as death metal/black metal with metalcore influences.
 Belapur Fort is a fort near the township of Belapur in Navi Mumbai (New Bombay) Maharashtra India. The fort was built by the Siddis of Janjira. It was later conquered by the Portuguese and then Marathas. In the early 19th century the fort was captured by the British. After the British gained supremacy in the region with the expansion of the Bombay Presidency the strategic importance of the fort declined and it fell into disuse.
 Dave Winters (R-Shirland) was an Illinois State Representative for the 68th district.
 Saint Paulinus' (German: St. Paulinskirche) is a Baroque church in the city of Trier Germany. Constructed between 1734 and 1753 the interior was designed by Johann Balthasar Neumann. The ceiling of the nave features a painting by the artist Christoph Thomas Scheffler.
 The Newark Museum in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States is the state's largest museum. It holds fine collections of American art decorative arts contemporary art and arts of Asia Africa the Americas and the ancient world.
 The Kiss (also known as The May Irwin Kiss The Rice-Irwin Kiss and The Widow Jones) is an 1896 actuality and was one of the first films ever shown commercially to the public. The film is around 47 seconds long and depicts a re-enactment of the kiss between May Irwin and John Rice from the final scene of the stage musical The Widow Jones. The film caused a scandalized uproar and occasioned disapproving newspaper editorials and calls for police action in many places where it was shown.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād and Muhammadābād) is a village in Khondab Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 23 families.
 Edmund Burke Whitman (October 18 1812 – September 2 1883) was a quartermaster during the American Civil War. After the war he was Superintendent of National Cemeteries where he developed the principles for the selection of new United States National Cemetery sites in April 1869. His principles specified that a site should be of historical interest and it should have convenient access for visitors.
 Arjuno-Welirang is a stratovolcano in the province of East Java on Java Indonesia. It is a twin volcano with the 'twins' being Arjuno and Welirang. There is at least one other stratovolcano in the area and there are around 10 pyroclastic cones nearby. They are located in a 6 km line between Arjuno and Welirang. The Arjuno-Welirang volcanic complex itself lies in the older two volcanoes Mount Ringgit to the east and Mount Linting to the south. The summit lacks vegetation.
 Black Saint is an album by American jazz saxophonist Billy Harper recorded in 1975 for the Italian Black Saint label. The album was the first release for the record label.
 Lady of the Forest End is a short story by Gael Baudino. It concerns Avdoyta of the Forest End a warrior who goes to confront Cynthia of the Shining Mountains a sorceress after she kills Cynthia's betrothed.
 The Conewago Canal on the west bank of the Susquehanna River below York Haven Pennsylvania 11 miles (18 km) south of Harrisburg in York County enabled late 18th and early 19th century rivercraft to safely bypass rapids at Conewago Falls. Work on the canal of less than 1 mile (1.6 km) began in 1793 and was completed in 1797.
 Longitarsus obliteratus is a species of beetle from Chrysomelidae family.
 Boy is a 2010 New Zealand coming-of-age comedy-drama film written and directed by Taika Waititi and financed by the New Zealand Film Commission. In New Zealand the film eclipsed previous records for a first week's box office takings for a local production. Boy went on to become the highest grossing New Zealand film at the local box office.The soundtrack to Boy features New Zealand artists such as The Phoenix Foundation who previously provided music for Waititi's film Eagle vs Shark.
 Rockville Mall was an indoor shopping mall in Rockville Maryland. Opened in 1972 the mall originated as part of an urban renewal project. Much of it was demolished in 1995 and later replaced with Rockville Town Center.
 Bozeman Pass el. 5702 feet (1738 m) is a mountain pass situated approximately 13 miles (21 km) east of Bozeman Montana and approximately 15 miles (24 km) west of Livingston Montana on Interstate 90. It separates the Bridger and Gallatin mountain ranges.It is named after pioneer John Bozeman a young Georgian who opened the Bozeman Trail from Fort Laramie Wyoming to Virginia City Montana in 1863 via the pass which now bears his name.
 Mount Batu is one of the highest of the Bale Mountains of Ethiopia as well as of the Oromia Region. Part of the Bale National Park and located at 06°40′N 39°25′E it reaches an elevation of 4307 meters. It consists of two peaks Tinnish Batu (Little Batu) which is actually higher than Tilliq Batu (Big Batu) to the south.
 For the Noël Coward play see Relative Values (play)Relative Values is a 2000 British comedy film adaptation of the 1950s play of the same name by Noël Coward. It stars Julie Andrews Colin Firth William Baldwin Stephen Fry and Jeanne Tripplehorn and was directed by Eric Styles.It was filmed on location in the Isle of Man mainly at The Nunnery with scenes at Kirk Braddan.
 Before You Go is a 2002 comedy film directed by Lewis Gilbert. The imperfect lives of three sisters are revealed at their unloved mother's funeral.
 Scopula caberaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Africa.
 The Collection is a compilation album by The Stranglers. It is notable in that it does not feature many hit singles. The best known song on the compilation is Walk On By.
 The Marble Schoolhouse is a Greek Revival style schoolhouse in Eastchester New York that was built in 1835. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.The building was moved to its current location in 1869.The schoolhouse features exhibits of local history and is open by appointment with the Eastchester Historical Society.
 Thumatha kakamegae is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2007. It is found in Kenya and Uganda.
 Gniewkowo [ɡɲefˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiszkowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Kiszkowo 24 km (15 mi) west of Gniezno and 29 km (18 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Nazarín (Spanish pronunciation: [nasaˈɾin] [naθaˈɾin]) is a 1959 Mexican film directed by Luis Buñuel and co-written between Buñuel and Julio Alejandro adapted from the eponymous novel of Benito Pérez Galdós. It won the international prize at the 1959 Cannes Film Festival and was selected as the Mexican entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 32nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Studzianki [stuˈd͡ʑaŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Lipnik 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Opatów and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 110.
 Michael L. Fitzgerald (born November 29 1951) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who has served as the 25th State Treasurer of Iowa since 1983. He is the longest-serving State Treasurer in the United States.
 Witchi-Tai-To is an album by the Jan Garbarek-Bobo Stenson Quartet released on the ECM label and performed by Garbarek Stenson Palle Danielsson and Jon Christensen.
 Masque of the Red Death and Other Tales is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 USA Today Sports Weekly is a weekly magazine that covers Major League Baseball Minor League Baseball NCAA baseball and the National Football League. In the February 15 2006 issue the magazine added coverage of NASCAR. It was founded as USA Today Baseball Weekly in 1991 and changed its name on September 4 2002 when it added the NFL.Sports Weekly is a publication of USA Today and shares both a headquarters in McLean Virginia and production facilities with its parent publication.
 City Lights - Classic Performances by Lou Reed is a compilation album by Lou Reed.
 Mohamed Najib Boulif commonly known as Najib Boulif (born 1964 in Tangier Morocco) is a Moroccan politician from the Justice and Development Party. On 3 January 2011 he became Minister delegate for general affairs and good governance.Najib Boulif is a professor of Economics at the faculty of Tangier and has authored books on Islamic finance and Micro-finance.
 Mutual Appreciation is a 2005 independent film by Andrew Bujalski who previously directed Funny Ha Ha (2002). The script is primarily dialogue between a group of young people as they try to determine where they fit in the world. It is considered part of the mumblecore movement.
 West India Lights is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Henry S. Whitehead. It was released in 1946 and was the second collection of the author's stories to be published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 3037 copies.Most of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines Weird Tales Strange Tales and Amazing Stories.
 Supreme Court Library Building now known as Greenbrier County Library and Museum is a historic library building located at Lewisburg Greenbrier County West Virginia. It was built in 1834 and is a two story building built of locally fired brick. It was constructed to serve as a law library and study for the Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals. This was leased to the State of Virginia until the court sessions ended in 1864. During the American Civil War it served as a military hospital.
 Life Fantastic is the fourth album by the experimental indie rock band Man Man. The album was produced by Mike Mogis marking the first time the band has worked with an outside producer. Pitchfork called the album by far their most tasteful and well-produced record to date with the band having dialed down the wacky factor in favor of a cleaner darker and more autobiographical tone demonstrated in their lyrics with references to self-mutilation and emotionally taxing relationships.
 Heads and Hearts is the fourth studio album by English post-punk band The Sound recorded in late 1984 and released in 1985 by record label Statik Records. Three singles were released from the album One Thousand Reasons Temperature Drop and Under You.
 Metamynodon is an extinct genus of amynodont perissodactyls and is among the longest lived genera of amynodonts having first appeared during the late Eocene and becoming extinct during the early Miocene when it was supplanted by the semiaquatic rhinoceros Teleoceras. Its fossils have been discovered in the United States (White River Fauna) Mongolia and China.
 Green Spring Plantation in James City County about five miles (8 km) west of Williamsburg was the 17th century plantation of one of the more popular governors of Colonial Virginia in North America Sir William Berkeley and his second wife. Sir William Berkeley who served several terms is perhaps the best-known of Virginia's colonial governors. It is believed by many historians that the well-known Berkeley Plantation in nearby Charles City County was named in his honor.
 Pocok Leok is a volcano in the western side of Flores island Indonesia. The volcano was considered to be an irregular shaped of caldera but evidence about caldera is problematical. No pyroclastic flow deposits associated with the caldera and its geological records are poorly known. However Pocok Leok is listed in the active volcano list of Indonesia because of four fumarole activities in the area.
 During the Oligocene epoch a series of caldera building eruptions of titanic proportions some as large as VEI-8 devastated what is now Colorado and raised up the mountain chain part of the San Juan Mountains. The La Garita supervolcano's mega-colossal eruption created 5000 km3 of tephra the largest eruption known.
 Næsseslottet is an 18th-century country house located on the shores of Lake Furesøen at Lyngby north of Copenhagen Denmark. The name which translates as Peninsula House is a reference to the buildings setting on a narrow peninsula which extends from the east shore of the lake. The estate had previously been a royal farm known as Dronningegård and this name has long been associated with the locale.
 This article is about the Canadian politician. For the Oklahoma City Bombing informant see Michael Fortier (American).Michael M. Fortier PC (born January 10 1962) is a former Canadian Minister of International Trade and a former Conservative senator from Quebec.
 Hum Dono (Hindi: हम दोनों; Urdu: ہم دونوں‎; Both of Us) is a 1985 Hindi film starring Rajesh Khanna Hema Malini and Reena Roy and is directed by B.S. Glaad. The music is by R D Burman and the songs are sung by Kishore Kumar and Asha Bhonsle.The box office collections were Rs.45000000 in 1985. The film was a remake of Telugu film Sommokadidi Sokokadidi.
 Blackmoor Priory Hermitage was a priory in Dorset England.
 Kathleen Lynn Brown (born September 25 1945) is a Democratic politician from California.
 Orłów [ˈɔrwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowa within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Borowa 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Mielec and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Q is a novel by Luther Blissett first published in Italian in 1999. The novel is set in Europe during the 16th century and deals with Protestant reformation movements.Luther Blissett was a nom de plume for four Italian authors Roberto Bui Giovanni Cattabriga Federico Guglielmi and Luca Di Meo who were part of the Luther Blissett Project which ended in 1999.
 The Silver Pigs is an historical mystery novel by Lindsey Davis. Set in Rome and Britannia during AD 70 just after the year of the four emperors The Silver Pigs stars Marcus Didius Falco informer and imperial agent.Pigs is a term by which ingots are known and refer to the silver ingots which feature prominently in the plot.
 Nasrabad (Persian: ناصراباد‎ also Romanized as Nāṣrābād; also known as Nāṣīrābād and Dīzū) is a village in Meshgin-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 21 families.
 Birmingham Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is an arm of Peel Sound and is located on the western side of Somerset Island. It is located north of M'Clure Bay. The closest hamlet is Resolute located about 148 km (92 mi) to the north on Cornwallis Island. M'Clure Bay is nearby.
 Dream (Telugu: డ్రీమ్ ) is a 2012 Telugu psychological thriller film directed by Bhavani Shankar K under the banner of Kaipa Film Production House and produced by Satish Mynam and Vijaya Mynam. The film features Rajendra Prasad Pavani Reddy and Jayashree in the lead roles. Dream is scripted and directed by Bhavani Shankar K and is his first feature film as director.
 Smile You're Traveling (spelled Smile You're Travelling in the second British edition) is the third book in the Black Coffee Blues trilogy by Henry Rollins. It includes portions of his travel journal from 1997–1998 which includes personal encounters of spending time with the band Black Sabbath a vacation to Africa and trips elsewhere as part of his spoken word tours. It has received a 3.91 rating from approximately 67 reviews at Goodreads.com. ISBN 1-880985-69-1↑
 Give Me Immortality or Give Me Death is a comedy album by The Firesign Theatre that was released in 1998 on Rhino Records.
 Wyatt Tommy Thomas Tucker Sr. is a Republican state senator in the state of North Carolina. He is co-chairman of the North Carolina Senate's State and Local Government Committee.
 The Queen Mother Reservoir lies between the M4 and the M25 to the west of London. It is 475 acres (1.92 km2) in size or about 1 km in diameter - making it one of the largest inland areas of water in Southern England. It is managed by Thames Water.This is one of a number of reservoirs to the west of London and was built in 1976. Its water is pumped from the River Thames nearby.
 The Curse Of Caramel Jack is the debut album by Caramel Jack. Released in 1998 it was produced by Richard Walmsley of Beatmasters and Goldbug fame. The track Modern Girls On Trains features on the compilation Abuse Your Friends Vol.2 - Various Artists..
 Dark Night of the Scarecrow is a 1981 made-for-television suspense/horror film directed by veteran novelist Frank De Felitta (author of Audrey Rose) from a script by J.D. Feigelson. Feigelson's intent had been to make an independent feature but his script was bought by CBS for television; despite this only minor changes were made to the original screenplay.
 Kaševar is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 336 people.
 The Reliance School was built in the coal mining community of Reliance Wyoming in 1923-27. The buildings was designed by James L. Libby a Union Pacific Railroad employee. The school was built by the Union Pacific Coal Company to serve Reliance which existed almost entirely to serve the Union Pacific mines. The gymnasium also designed by Libby was completed in 1931.
 Night Fright is a 1968 American science-fiction horror film directed by James A. Sullivan.In the early 1980s the film was re-titled in the United Kingdom for VHS release as E.T.N.: The Extraterrestrial Nastie E.T.N.: The Extraterrestrial Nasty The Extraterrestrial Nastie and The Extraterrestrial Nasty .
 Paul Oscar Adolph Husting (April 25 1866 – October 21 1917) was an American lawyer from Mayville Wisconsin who served as a Democratic Party member of the United States Senate from 1915 to 1917.
 Rosario Robles Berlanga (born 1956) is a Mexican politician who serves as the Secretary of Social Development in the cabinet of Enrique Peña Nieto. She also was substitute Head of Government of the Federal District (Mayor of Mexico City) when Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas resigned from the post to run for the Mexican presidential election in 2000.
 Nyctemera consobriniformis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Philippines (Mindanao).
 Not to be confused with the Taku Arm of Tagish LakeThe Taku River is a river running from British Columbia Canada to the northwestern coast of North America at Juneau Alaska. Its mouth coincides with the Alaska-British Columbia border.
 Viitna Pikkjärv (also known as Lake Viitna and Suurjärv) is a 16.1 ha (40 acres) lake in northern Estonia. It's located in Viitna village Kadrina Parish Lääne-Viru County. The average depth is 3 m (9.8 ft) and max. depth 6.2 m (20 ft).Smaller lake Viitna Linajärv is located about 1.5 km northeast.
 Željka Antunović (Croatian pronunciation: [ʒɛ̂ːʎka antǔːnɔʋit͡ɕ]) (born September 15 1955) is a Croatian centre-left politician and the deputy president of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) the largest opposition party in Croatia.Antunović was born in Virovitica Croatia then SFR Yugoslavia.
 Inazuma Eleven (イナズマイレブン Inazuma Irebun lit. Lightning Eleven) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tenya Yabuno based on a series of video games created by Level-5. The manga has been published by Shogakukan in CoroCoro Comic since the June 2008 issue.
 Vanidades (Spanish for Vanities) is one of the most popular Spanish language women's magazines. Published by Editorial Televisa across the United States and Hispanic America it was launched in Cuba in 1931 as a humor magazine but eventually became a women's magazine in the early 1940s. When Fidel Castro took the power Vanidades' headquarters moved to Miami from Havana.
 History Lessens is the second compilation or best of album by British folk metal band Skyclad. Its full title is History Lessens – An Introduction to the Artist.
 CPR is the first studio album recorded by Crosby Pevar and Raymond (CPR).
 Cząstków [ˈt͡ʂɔ̃stkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Kłodawa 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Koło and 134 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 450.
 Judge Dredd: The Megazine is a monthly British comic magazine launched in October 1990. It is a sister publication to 2000 AD. Its name is a play on words formed from magazine and Dredd's locale Mega-City One.
 St Andrew's Cathedral is the cathedral church of the Anglican Diocese of Sydney in the Anglican Church of Australia. The cathedral is the seat of the Anglican Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan of New South Wales the Most Reverend Glenn Davies elected August 2013. The Dean of Sydney since 2003 is the Very Reverend Phillip Jensen.Located in central Sydney the cathedral is one of the city's finest examples of Gothic Revival architecture.
 Brainstorm is the second album by rapper Young MC. The album was released in 1991 for Capitol Records. After the huge success of his debut album Stone Cold Rhymin' Young MC signed a two album deal with Capitol Records. Brainstorm did not perform as well as his previous album only reaching No. 66 on the Billboard 200 an No. 61 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop album charts.
 Cruzados is the 1985 debut album of Los Angeles rock band the Cruzados. It featured the band's classic line-up of Tito Larriva Steven Hufsteter Tony Marsico and Chalo Quintana. It also featured the band's best known songs such as Motorcycle Girl Flor De Mal and Just Like Roses.
 Luboten (Albanian: Luboten Serbian: Ljuboten Macedonian: About this sound Љуботен ) is a peak of the Šar Mountains located at the border between Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia. Its height is 2498 m (8196 ft).
 Passade is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Ichoa River is a river of Bolivia.
 Machnówek [maxˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Ulhówek 35 km (22 mi) east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 132 km (82 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 170.
 Sadan (Persian: سدن‎) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 576 in 146 families.
 Akita-Yake-Yama is a small stratovolcano on Honshu known for its radioactive waters. A small parasitic lava dome is located four km from the volcano.
 Phyllosphingia is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family containing only one species Phyllosphingia dissimilis which is known from the south-eastern Russian Far East eastern and central China Taiwan the Korean Peninsula and Japan. There is also a record from Luzon. Subspecies perundulans is found from Nepal east through north-eastern India Myanmar and northern Thailand to southwestern China. The habitat consists of open parklands and forest edges.The wingspan is 93–130 mm.
 Dream Brother: The Lives and Music of Jeff and Tim Buckley is a biography by the American author journalist and former music critic for Entertainment Weekly David Browne. First published on February 1 2001 the book is a dual biography of Jeff Buckley American songwriter and musician and Tim Buckley his father also a musician. The book which took three years to write and research outlines the lives and deaths of the musicians with an interwoven narrative.
 Leucanopsis nonagrioides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Venezuela Peru Brazil and Paraguay.
 The American Jewess (1895–1899) described itself as the only magazine in the world devoted to the interests of Jewish women. It was the first English-language periodical targeted to American Jewish women covering an evocative range of topics that ranged from women's place in the synagogue to whether women should ride bicycles. The magazine also served as the publicity arm for the newly founded National Council of Jewish Women.
 Pazik Kheyl (Persian: پازيك خيل‎ also Romanized as Pāzīk Kheyl) is a village in Talarpey Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 15 families.
 Pterynotus emilyae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Notodontinae is the nominate subfamily of the moth family Notodontidae. The Ptilodoninae are sometimes merged herein. The genus list is preliminary as not all Notodontidae have been assigned to subfamilies yet.
 Gusztáv Gratz (30 March 1875 Gölnicbánya – 21 November 1946 Budapest) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs in 1921. He was a correspondent member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. Gratz published in the Huszadik Század and the Társadalomtudományi Társaság newspapers. He was a representative in the National Assembly from 1906. He also served as managing director of the National Association of Manufacturers (GYOSZ).
 The eastern Amazon climbing mouse Rhipidomys emiliae is a rodent species from South America. It is endemic to central Brazil where it is found in the eastern fringe of the Amazon Rainforest as well as in gallery forest and tropical dry forest within the cerrado ecoregion. It is often found in areas under cultivation.
 Leiolopisma is a genus of skinks. Most species occur in the region of New Caledonia-New Zealand and they are related to other genera from that general area such as Emoia; these and others form the Eugongylus group.
 Plaza Tower (for a time dubbed Crescent City Towers and Crescent City Residences in a failed proposed redevelopment scheme) is a 45-story 531 feet (162 m)-tall skyscraper in New Orleans Louisiana designed in the modern style by Leonard R Spangenberg Jr. & Associates.
 Teinoptera culminifera is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North Africa the Central Arabian deserts the Sinai in Egypt Jordan and Israel.Adults are on wing from February to April. There is one generation per year.
 Rhinopetitia is a genus of characins endemic to Brazil.
 Ušivac (Serbian: Ушивац) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Máscaras en otoño is a 1966 Argentine film.
 Stars is the 12th studio album by American singer Cher released in 1975 by Warner Bros. Records. The album was one in a string of commercial flops for Cher in the 1970s and failed to chart within the top 100.The album is by-and-large a covers album.
 Doğankaya Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Czyżew [ˈt͡ʂɨʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanniki within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sanniki 27 km (17 mi) east of Gostynin and 81 km (50 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Telmatobius vilamensis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Chile and possibly Bolivia.Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Kolonia Olszowiec [kɔˈlɔɲa ɔlˈʂɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Kamieńsk 16 km (10 mi) north of Radomsko and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Pope John Paul II Cultural Center known today as the Saint John Paul II National Shrine was established to house a Roman Catholic museum and think tank in Washington D.C. The concept for the center began at a meeting between Pope John Paul II and then-Bishop Adam Maida in 1988. The 130000-square-foot (12000 m2) building is set on 12 acres (4.9 ha) adjacent to The Catholic University of America and the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception.
 St. George's Church Barrow-in-Furness is located in St George's Square Barrow-in-Furness Cumbria England. It is the oldest active Anglican parish church in the town. The church is in the deanery of Barrow the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Aidan Newbarns St Luke Risedale and St Perran Roose to form the South Barrow Team Ministry. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Dellamora iridescens is a species of beetle in the Dellamora genus. It was discovered in 1930.
 Krzczonów Trzeci [ˈkʂt͡ʂɔnuf ˈtʂɛt͡ɕi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Krzczonów and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Neocomitidae is a family of Lower Cretaceous ammonitids comprising genera with strongly ribbed evolute (all whorls exposed) to smooth fairly involute (inner whorls mostly hidden) shells. In the 1967 description of the family Neocomitidae was regarded as the subfamily Neocomitinae within the Berriasellidae a family within the Perisphinctoidae that ranged from the Late Jurassic into the Early Cretaceous.
 Lupe Rosalía Arteaga Serrano de Fernández de Córdova (born December 5 1956) is an Ecuadorian politician who served as the country's first female president for only two days in 1997.She was born in Cuenca Ecuador. She became Vice President in 1996 following the election of Abdalá Bucaram as President. On February 6 1997 however President Bucaram was declared unfit to govern by Congress.
 Quest is a quarterly and bimonthly Indian journal published between 1955 and 1975 and featuring 20 years of independent India’s intellectual history.
 The Irresponsible Captain Tylor (無責任艦長タイラー Musekinin Kanchō Tairā) is an anime series based on The Most Irresponsible Man in Space (宇宙一の無責任男 Uchū Ichi no Musekinin Otoko) light novel series by Hitoshi Yoshioka. It was produced by some of Japan's larger studios including Big West Tatsunoko Production King Records and VAP.Tylor consists of a 26-episodes TV series created by Kōichi Mashimo and a sequel OVA series of 10 episodes directed by Mashimo and Naoyuki Yoshinaga.
 Brachytarsophrys intermedia (Annam spadefoot toad) is a species of frog in the Megophryidae family.It is found in Vietnam Laos and possibly Cambodia. This species might be a synonym of Brachytarsophrys carinense.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Borówno [bɔˈruvnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrcz within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Dobrcz and 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz.
 Ternopil Pond (Ukrainian: Тернопільський став known as Komsomol Lake before 1992 non-official Ternopil Lake) is a reservoir in Ternopil Ukraine. It was created in 1548 by Jan Amor Tarnowski as one link in a chain of fortifications encircling his residence the Tarnopol Castle.
 The Amateur Gentleman is an early novel by the popular author of Regency period swashbucklers Jeffrey Farnol published in 1913. The novel was made into a silent film in 1920 another silent film in 1926 and film in 1936 with Douglas Fairbanks Junior starring as the protagonist Barnabas Barty.
 Bring Happiness Home (Chinese: 快乐到家) is a 2013 Chinese film. It stars the hosts of the Chinese variety show Happy Camp who filmed it for their 15th anniversary.
 Pelidnota burmeisteri is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family.
 Grotrian is a lunar impact crater that is located on the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the north of the huge walled plain Schrödinger within the radius of that formation's outer blanket of ejecta. The long Vallis Planck formation begins just to the north of Grotrian and continues to the north-northwest towards Pikel'ner.The outer wall of this crater forms a very nearly circular shape with only a small crater across the southern rim to break up the symmetry.
 Everette William 'Bill' Anderson (born August 9 1948 in Parkersburg West Virginia) is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 8 since January 1993.
 Stare Rybie [ˈstarɛ ˈrɨbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Limanowa within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Limanowa and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 332.
 Adan Abdulla Mohammed (Somali: Aadan Maxamed Arabic: عدن محمد‎) is a prominent Somali banker and entrepreneur. A citizen of Kenya he previously served as the Managing Director of Barclays Bank in East and West Africa. On 15 May 2013 he was sworn in as the Cabinet Secretary for Industrialization of Kenya.
 Loxonematidae is an extinct taxonomic family of sea snails marine gastropod molluscs.This family has no subfamilies.
 The Flaming Urge (1953) is an American crime film directed by Harold Ericson.
 CrystEngComm is a peer-reviewed online-only scientific journal publishing original research and review articles on all aspects of crystal engineering including properties polymorphism target materials and crystalline nanomaterials. It is published biweekly by the Royal Society of Chemistry and the editor-in-chief is Jamie Humphrey. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.879 ranking it 3rd out of 25 journals in the category Crystallography.
 Coleophora pallidata is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Iran.
 Augustino Manyanda Masele (born 15 June 1966) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Mbogwe constituency since 2010.
 Dacalana irmae [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines and found only on Sibuyan Island. The forewing length is 17.5-20mm.
 Kmehlener Berge is a hill in Brandenburg Germany.
 Nature India is an online publication by Nature Publishing Group (NPG) that highlights research being produced in India in science and medicine. The international website was launched in February 2008.
 Kitchen Princess (Japanese: キッチンのお姫さま Hepburn: Kitchin no Ohime-sama) is a shōjo (targeted towards girls) cooking romance manga series written by Miyuki Kobayashi and illustrated by Natsumi Andō. Appearing as a serial in the manga magazine Nakayoshi from the September 2004 issue to the October 2008 issue the forty-seven chapters were compiled into ten bound volumes by Kodansha and published from February 2005 to November 2008.
 Short Mountain is a mountain ridge that runs southwest northeast through Hampshire and Hardy counties in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle rising to its greatest elevation at Bald Knob near Arkansas West Virginia. Short Mountain's name is derived from its original name of Short Arse Mountain.
 The Agricultural Pavilion (formerly known as the Livestock Judging Pavilion) is a contributing property to the Texas Technological College Historic District on the campus of Texas Tech University in Lubbock Texas. The Agricultural Pavilion was one of the original buildings on campus and opened in 1926. It served as the home court for Texas Tech basketball teams until 1927 when the gymnasium was completed.
 Killer Elite is a 1985 album released by the British heavy metal band Avenger. It was released by Neat Records.
 Darreh Rud (Persian: دره رود‎ also Romanized as Darreh Rūd) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Tim Davie (born April 25 1967) is the Chief Executive Officer of BBC Worldwide who served as acting Director-General of the BBC following George Entwistle's resignation in November 2012 until Lord Hall took over the role permanently in April 2013. During his time as acting director-general he oversaw the investigations into BBC management and conduct following revelations the broadcaster had known about sexual abuse by Sir Jimmy Savile and then made false accusations against Lord McAlpine.
 The Velvet Rope is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson released October 7 1997 by Virgin Records. Prior to its debut Jackson had been at the center of a second high-profile bidding war over her recording contract. Following the release of her first greatest hits compilation Design of a Decade 1986/1996 in 1995 her contract with Virgin allotted her the option to leave the label.
 Deadlines is the first EP released by Arkells. It was originally self released in 2007 under the group name Charlemagne and then re-released digitally by Dine Alone Records in March 2008.
 Mordellistena azteca is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1891 by George Charles Champion.
 Kris Van Dijck (born 2 October 1963 in Turnhout) is a Belgian politician affiliated to the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA) member of the Flemish Parliament and mayor of Dessel.He was elected as a member of the Flemish Parliament in 1995 and reelected ever since. He has been floor leader for N-VA between 2004 and 2007 and between 2009 and 2012.He was first elected to the Municipal Council of Dessel in 1989 and has been mayor of the town between 1995 and 2000 and again since 2007.
 The Valea Putredă River is a tributary of the Şcheiu River upstream of the city of Braşov Romania.
 Descabezado Grande (also Cerro Azul or Quizapu) is a stratovolcano located in the Maule Region of central Chile. It is capped by a 1.4-kilometre-wide (0.9 mi) ice-filled caldera and named for its flat-topped form as descabezado means headless in Spanish. A smaller crater about 500 metres (1600 ft) wide is found in the northeast part of the caldera and it has active fumaroles.The volcano is composed of andesite and rhyodacite lava flows along with pyroclastic flow deposits.
 The Plymouth anole (Anolis lividus) is a species of anole lizard that is endemic to the island of Montserrat in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles. It is widespread and abundant in many areas.Individuals vary widely in appearance. Males can be grass-green or yellow-green and may be plain or with lighter blue speckling towards the anterior and a rust-red tint over the head and limbs. Others are olive-green or gray with widespread pale spots.
 Scopula vigilata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Malta Sicily Crete and Cyprus and in Italy Greece and the Near East.
 Mount Higashi (東岳 Higashi-dake) is a volcano located on the Shiretoko Peninsula in Hokkaido Japan.
 The Jesus Record is the ninth and final album by American singer/songwriter Rich Mullins released posthumously on July 21 1998 ten months after his death. The first disc of the album entitled The Jesus Demos consists of 9 rough demos Mullins recorded for the album in an abandoned church on September 10 1997 nine days before his death.
 Fojnica (Serbian: Фојница) is a village in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Blistered snake eel (Callechelys papulosa) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker in 1998. It is a tropical marine eel which is known from Papua New Guinea in the western central Pacific Ocean. It is known to dwell at a depth of 10 metres and to inhabit regions of sand and grass. Males can reach a maximum total length of 55.1 centimetres.
 The Soldotna Post Office is a former post office in Soldotna Alaska United States. The log cabin which served as the first post office for the town of Soldotna has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since September 17 2008.In 1947 Howard and Maxine Lee read about homesteading opportunities in Kenai Peninsula Borough Alaska in The Saturday Evening Post that granted land to those willing to improve and inhabit it.
 George Hedford Dunn (November 15 1794 – January 12 1854) was a U.S. Representative from Indiana. He was born in New York City and moved to Lawrenceburg Indiana in 1817 to study law.He was admitted to the bar in 1822 and commenced practice in Lawrenceburg serving as member of the State house of representatives in 1828 1832 and 1833.
 Suzanne Crouch is an American Republican Party politician who is currently the 56th state Auditor of Indiana.A member of the Republican Party Crouch formerly served in the Indiana House of Representatives from 2005 to 2014. On December 15 2013 was appointed by Governor Mike Pence to serve as the 56th State Auditor of Indiana after the resignation and brief tenure of former State Auditor Dwayne Sawyer.
 Getting into Death is a collection of science fiction stories by Thomas M. Disch. It was first published by Rupert Hart-Davis in 1974. Many of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Transatlantic Review Fantasy and Science Fiction Amazing Stories Fantastic New Worlds The Paris Review and Antæus.
 Heroes and Hobgoblins is a 1981 collection of poetry by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp illustrated by Tim Kirk. It was published by Donald M.
 The Knight of Newts is an adventure for the Rules Cyclopedia edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1993.
 Samson is a 1914 American short drama film. Harold Lloyd has an uncredited role.
 Dorche is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Inside the Soviet Army (ISBN 0-241-10889-6; Hamish Hamilton 1982; also published in the United States Prentice Hall ISBN 0-02-615500-1) is a book by Viktor Suvorov which describes the general organisation doctrine and strategy of the Soviet armed forces (the term “Army” being used to cover not only the Land Forces but also Strategic Rocket Air Defence Air and Naval forces).
 The Gere Bank Building is a five-story building located on Water Street in Syracuse New York. It was designed by Charles Colton and built in 1894. It is distinctive for its facade and use of contrasting materials. The cost of the building was $150000 including nearly $50000 for fireproof vaults in a room beneath the sidewalk. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. It is part of the Hanover Square Historic District.
 Maly Payalpan (Russian: Малый Паялпан) is a shield volcano located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.
 Nije tebi do mene (English: You're Not Interested Me) is the eleventh studio album by Serbian singer Dragana Mirković. It was released in 1994.The singer Ksenija Pajčin (1977–2010) is featured as one of the two backup dancers in the music video for the song Opojni su zumbuli one of her first professional jobs before landing her own singing/dancing career.
 False Ambition is a 1918 silent drama film produced and released by the Triangle Film Corporation. Directed by Gilbert P. Hamilton the film stars Alma Rubens.
 Hybos is a genus of hybotid flies.
 Pure Pleasure is the second album from The Dynamic Superiors on Motown Records. It was released in 1975. After a 35 year wait in 2010 this album was finally released on CD in a 2-for-1 set with The Superiors' first Motown album The Dynamic Superiors not by Motown but by Universal's Soul Music.com imprint. The album was arranged by Horace Ott Al Gorgoni William Eaton and Paul Riser
 Nowiny [nɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 African Political Systems is an academic anthology edited by the anthropologists M. Fortes and E.E. Evans-Pritchard which was published by Oxford University Press on the behalf of the International African Institute in 1940. The book contains eight separate papers produced by scholars working in the field of anthropology each of which focuses in on a different society in Sub-Saharan Africa.
 Oliver House in Corning Arkansas was built in 1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.OLIVER HOUSE CORNING CLAY COUNTYELABORATIONThe Oliver House is an example of a dwelling which organically developed from a small Victorian core structure begun in ca.1880 into a large classically detailed structure last altered in 1909.
 Fort Michilimackinac was an 18th-century French and later British fort and trading post in the Great Lakes of North America. Built around 1715 and abandoned in 1783 it was located along the southern shore of the strategic Straits of Mackinac connecting Lake Huron and Lake Michigan at the northern tip of the lower peninsula of the present-day state of Michigan in the United States.
 The Lake Archange is located at the boundary of Sainte-Thècle and Grandes-Piles in the Mekinac Regional County Municipality in Mauricie in Quebec Canada.
 The Asian Theatre Journal is an academic journal dedicated to the performing arts of Asia focusing upon both traditional and modern theatrical forms. It contains descriptive and analytical articles original plays and play translations as well as reviews of books and plays and reports of current theatrical activities in Asia.The journal was established by James R.
 Edward John Eyre (5 August 1815 – 30 November 1901) was an English land explorer of the Australian continent colonial administrator and a controversial Governor of Jamaica.
 The Tierra Blanca Mountains are located in San Diego County in southern California between the Vallecito Mountains and the In-Ko-Pah Mountains. The range is located to the west of the community of Canebrake and the Carrizo Badlands.
 Thomas Leavitt House a brick house built in the nineteenth century in Bunkerville Nevada United States is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The Thomas Leavitt House was built by Thomas Dudley Leavitt (1857–1933) who was born in Santa Clara Utah the son of Lemuel Sturdevant Leavitt and his wife Laura Melvina (Thompson).
 John Ross Beyrle (born February 11 1954) a career Foreign Service Officer and specialist in Russian and Eastern European affairs was Ambassador of the United States to the Russian Federation from July 3 2008 until January 10 2012 when he was succeeded by Michael McFaul. He was Ambassador to Bulgaria 2005 - 2008.
 Gibberula chiarae is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Call on Me is the third album released by R&B singer Evelyn Champagne King on the RCA label in 1980. It was produced by Theodore Life and George Tindley.
 Reservoir is a four song CD EP by Irish singer/songwriter Fionn Regan. It was released 20 January 2003 on Anvil Records.
 The Yellow-thighed Finch (Pselliophorus tibialis) is a passerine bird which is endemic to the highlands of Costa Rica and western Panama. Despite its name it is not a true finch but rather a member of the large Emberizidae family which also includes buntings American sparrows juncos and towhees.This is a common bird in wet mountain forests second growth bamboo clumps scrubby pasture and bushy clearings from 1700 m altitude to the timberline.
 Accident on Hill Road is a 2009 Bollywood film directed by Mahesh Nair and produced by Nari Hira starring Farooq Sheikh Abhimanyu Singh Celina Jaitley. The film is an authorised remake of the 2007 Hollywood film Stuck which is in turn based on the true story of Chante Mallard.
 Bradley Maxon Hamlett is a Democratic member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to Senate District 10 representing Cascade Montana in 2009 and 2011.
 Cheaha Mountain /ˈtʃiːhɔː/ often called Mount Cheaha is the highest natural point in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is located a few miles northwest of the town of Delta in scenic Talladega State Park which offers a lodge a restaurant and other amenities.The highest point is marked with a USGS benchmark in front of Bunker Tower a stone Civilian Conservation Corps building with an observation deck on top. The CCC also constructed a road to Cheaha but the road has been closed for years.
 Uphill All The Way is a 1986 motion picture starring Roy Clark Mel Tillis Glen Campbell Burl Ives and Trish Van Devere.
 Major Wilson's Last Stand is an 1899 British silent short war film based upon the historical accounts of the Shangani Patrol. The film was adapted from Savage South Africa a stage show depicting scenes from both the First Matabele War and the Second Matabele War which opened at the Empress Theatre Earls Courte on 8 May 1899. It was taken on the field by Joseph Rosenthal for the Warwick Trading Co. Ltd.
 Sis Ram Ola (30 July 1927 – 15 December 2013) was a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Jhunjhunu constituency of Rajasthan and was a member of the Indian National Congress. He was a member of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from 1957 to 1990 and from 1980 to 1990 he was a cabinet minister in the Government of Rajasthan. From 1993 to 1996 he was again a Member of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly.
 All Saints Church is the parish church for Selsley in Gloucestershire.
 Axis of Evol is the second album by Pink Mountaintops released by Jagjaguwar in 2006. It was recorded in July 2005 at the Argyle Hotel and the Jackson Five House.
 The Bronx Executioner is the English title of the Italian cyborg film Il Giustiziere del Bronx released in 1989.
 The Onion Movie is a comedy film written by The Onion writers Robert D. Siegel and Todd Hanson along with the Chicago-based writing staff of the paper. It was filmed in 2003 and released on June 3 2008 direct-to-video.
 Kaleidoscope is a 1987 novel by Danielle Steel published by Delacorte Press (see 1987 in literature). It was adapted into an NBC television movie in 1990 starring Jaclyn Smith and Perry King.
 Wasted...Again is an album released by American hardcore punk band Black Flag in 1987 on SST Records. It is a best-of compilation released after Black Flag's breakup in 1986.
 The Pagan Religions of the Ancient British Isles: Their Nature and Legacy is a book of religious history and archaeology written by the English historian Ronald Hutton first published by Blackwell in 1991. It was the first published synthesis of the entirety of pre-Christian religion in the British Isles dealing with the subject during the Palaeolithic Neolithic Bronze Age Iron Age Roman occupation and Anglo-Saxon period.
 Coleophora juncivora is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Japan (Honshu).The wingspan is 9.5-10.5 mm.The larvae feed on the seeds of Juncus krameri and Juncus leschenaultii. They create a slender tubular case with a trilobed anal end. It is about 6.5 mm long light greyish-ochreous and usually scattered with reddish-grey particles at the basal half.
 Navy Captain (retired) Musbau Atanda Yusuf was appointed the Administrator of Ekiti State Nigeria during the transitional regime of General Abdulsalami Abubakar handing over to the elected civilian governor at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic on 29 May 1999.During his tenure he constructed the complex housing the Ekiti State House of Assembly inaugurated on June 1 1999 by his elected civilian successor Otunba Niyi Adebayo.He assisted Sikiru Tae Lawal in creating peace in Ikere-Ekiti which had been racked by communal strife.Yusuf was required to retire in June 1999 as were all former military administrators.
 The Castle of Terror is a fantasy short story by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. It was first published by Lancer Books in the paperback collection Conan of Cimmeria (1969) which was reprinted several times first by Lancer and later by Ace Books through 1993. It has also been published by Sphere Books in the omnibus paperback collection The Conan Chronicles (1989).
 Nicholas Nick A. Paleologos (born March 9 1953 in Winchester Massachusetts) is an American public official politician and theater and film producer who currently serves as Executive Director of the New Jersey State Council on the Arts.
 Pacheh-ye Anjir (Persian: پاچه انجير‎ also Romanized as Pācheh-ye Ānjīr) is a village in Boli Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Hell on Stage is the tenth album by heavy metal band Manowar recorded live on the Hell on Stage world tour in 1998.
 Ardiente Paciencia or El Cartero De Neruda is a 1985 novel by Antonio Skármeta. The novel was published in the English market under the title The Postman. It tells the story of Mario Jiménez a fictional postman in revolution-era Chile who befriends the real-life poet Pablo Neruda.The novel is based on the motion picture of the same author released in 1983 and it was turned into another movie in 1995 as Il Postino directed by Michael Radford.
 The Tarago River is a perennial river of the Western Port catchment located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Upatoi Creek is a 35.5-mile-long (57.1 km) river in western Georgia just outside of Columbus. It runs from Upatoi through South Columbus and to the Chattahoochee River.
 The Gladiators (Swedish: Gladiatorerna alternate title The Peace Game) is a 1969 Swedish drama/science fiction film directed by Peter Watkins.
 Horse With No Name is the fourth live album by American folk rock band America released by MasterTone Records in Germany in 1995. The concert was recorded (without a live audience) for the German television program Musikladen in early 1975. This release is the only officially-released live concert recording of America as a trio with Dan Peek. It included a standard audio CD along with a video CD of the same concert. This concert has also been aired on VH1 and on two separate DVD releases.
 Sept Days is a weekly Chinese language Chinese newspaper in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is the most important Chinese Language media in Montreal. Its most featured column is the portrait interview which is published on the front page. It covers a lot of famous people in almost every field in Canada including political economical academic social educational cultural and a lot more.
 Nuwakot is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4071.
 Nightfall: The Black Chronicles was a three-issue comic book mini-series published by Wildstorm through their Homage Comics imprint from December 1999 until February 2000. The comic was written by Ford Lytle Gillmore pencilled by Tomm Coker with Troy Hubbs and Christy Stuck inking and Jason Palmer as the colorist.The series takes place on an earth where the supernatural exists and are organized into various groups tribes or clans.
 Mansukhbhai Dhanjibhai Vasava (born June 1 1957) is an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He was elected to 12th Lok Sabha in a bye-election held on 25 November 1998 from Broach constituency in Gujarat. He was re-elected to the Lok Sabha in 1999 2004 and 2009 from the same constituency (renamed as Bharuch in 2008).
 Finsch is a relatively small lunar crater in the mid-part of Mare Serenitatis that has been completely covered by the mare forming a ghost crater in the lava plain. It is located to the south-southeast of the crater Sarabhai.
 Happy Cafe (幸福喫茶３丁目 Shiawase Kissa Sanchoume) is a manga series written and illustrated by Kou Matsuzuki. The series was serialized in Hakusensha Shōjo monthly magazine Hana To Yume and the serial chapters collected into fifteen Tankōbon released between July 2005 and November 2009. Publishing companies Tokyopop has licensed the manga for release in America and as well Sharp Point Press in Taiwan.
 The Journal for the Study of the Historical Jesus provides for academic discussion of Jesus within the context of 1st-century Palestine. It is intended to be accessible to a non-scholarly readership who are interested in this field.
 She Works Hard for the Money is the eleventh studio album by Donna Summer released in 1983. It was her most successful album of the decade and its title track became one of the biggest hits of her career.
 The Granville State Bank also known as the Former Granville Service Agency is a two-story commercial building on Main Street in Granville North Dakota. The structure was built by Granville State Bank president George E. Stubbins in 1903 using sandstone and prairie granite from Kottke Valley Township to the northwest. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NHRP) in 1977.
 Deep Love is a Japanese cell phone novel series written by Yoshi and is officially the first in its literary genre. The series includes four novels which were later published by Stars Publishing from December 2002 and July 2003.
 Basommatophora was a term that was previously used as a taxonomic informal group a group of snails within the informal group Pulmonata the air-breathing slugs and snails.
 Dusponera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The toad mouse (Mus bufo) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Rwanda and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and arable land.
 Liam Twomey (born 3 April 1967) is an Irish Fine Gael politician and medical doctor. He is a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Wexford constituency.Twomey was born in Bealad Clonakilty in County Cork. He was educated at St. Finbarr's Seminary and Trinity College Dublin he is married to Elizabeth O'Sullivan and they have three children.He worked as a General practitioner (GP) before entering public office in 2002.
 Syncosmia eugerys is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea and on Seram.
 Robert Edwin Drake (October 11 1923 – January 12 2006) was an American intelligence official who was Deputy Director of the National Security Agency from 1978 to 1980 during which time he was the highest ranking civilian in the agency.He joined the Armed Services Security Agency in 1949 and eventually the newly created National Security Agency in 1952. With the NSA he served in overseas offices in Europe Southeast Asia and Hawaii.
 Dreibelbis Mill is a historic grist mill located in Perry Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1854 and is a 2 1/2-story brick building on a banked stone basement. The mill remained in operation until 1985. After 1944 it was powered by a diesel engine.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Little Red Riding Hood is a 48-minute direct-to-video animated film produced by Jetlag Productions. It was distributed by GoodTimes Home Video and originally released on VHS on July 31 1995. The film was produced by Mark Taylor and directed by Toshiyuki Hiruma Takashi. Writer George Arthur Bloom adapted the script from Charles Perrault's version of the story of Little Red Riding Hood.
 Mount Uchiichi (ウチイチ山 Uchiichi-yama) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Donovan M. Dela Cruz (born July 6 1973 in Wahiawa Hawaii) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Hawaii Senate since January 19 2011 representing District 22.
 Michael Eric John Black AC QC (born 22 March 1940) is a former Chief Justice of the Federal Court of Australia.
 St John's Church Doddington is located off Hunsterson Road in the grounds of Doddington Hall Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Nantwich the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is combined with those of St James Audlem and St Chad Wybunbury. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Viejas Mountain is a mountain in San Diego County in the U.S. state of California. The mountain can be seen from parts of metropolitan San Diego. The summit is about 3 miles (5 km) northeast of the community of Alpine in the Cleveland National Forest.With spectacular view of mountains city and ocean; Viejas Mountain is the 3rd highest peak in San Diego County and is approx. 1 hour hike (one way).
 Coisa Ruim is a 2006 Portuguese supernatural horror film directed by Tiago Guedes and Frederico Serra.
 The Golden Age is the fourth full-length studio album from UK hardcore punk band Your Demise.
 John Zorn's Cobra: Tokyo Operations '94 is a live performance of John Zorn's improvisational game piece Cobra recorded in Tokyo in 1994 featuring Japanese musicians and instruments. The piece had been released in two previous versions on HatHut (Cobra (1985)) and Knitting Factory (John Zorn's Cobra: Live at the Knitting Factory (1992)) and was subsequently released on Zorn's own label Tzadik Records in 2002.
 Mordellistena comes is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1876 by Mars.
 Adventures of Tarzan is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Babbar Subhash starring Hemant Birje Dalip Tahil Kimi Katkar and Om Shivpuri. The film was much talked about in its time mainly due to the hot scenes between lead pairs and super hit songs.
 Hot Road (ホットロード) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Taku Tsumugi. It will be adapted into a live action film that will premiere in 2014.
 Coenobita rugosus is a species of land hermit crab native to Australia and the east African coast to the south west Pacific.C. rugosus has four walking legs a small pincer a large pincer and antennae. When threatened C. rugosus is able to make a 'chirping' sound by rubbing its large pincer against its shell as a stridatory apparatus.C.
 Léon Dumarsais Estimé (21 April 1900 – 20 July 1953) served as the President of Haïti from 16 August 1946 until 10 May 1950. He was the first black head of state since the US occupation of Haiti ended in 1934.
 What Technology Wants is a 2010 nonfiction book by Kevin Kelly focused on technology as an extension of life.
 This article is about an Arakanese (Rakhine) chronicle written by Saya Me. For the older Arakanese chronicle of the same name see Maha Razawin. For the standard chronicle of Toungoo Dynasty see Maha Yazawin.Saya Me's Maha Razawin (Burmese: ဆရာမည်၏ မဟာရာဇဝင်) is an Arakanese (Rakhine) chronicle covering the history of Arakan. The surviving portions of the chronicle consist of 24 palm-leaf manuscript bundles (288 palm-leaves).
 The Plough and the Stars is a 1937 American drama film directed by John Ford based on the play of the same name by Seán O'Casey.
 Średnia Huta [ˈɕrɛdɲa ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie within Świecie County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Warlubie 25 km (16 mi) north of Świecie 67 km (42 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 68 km (42 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 70.
 Portico Row is a set of 16 historic rowhouses located in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The brick houses were built between 1831 and 1832 and designed by noted Philadelphia architect Thomas Ustick Walter (1804-1887). They consists of the typical Philadelphia rowhouse plan with front building piazza and back building and are in the Greek Revival style.
 Fréquence meurtre is a 1988 French crime film directed by Élisabeth Rappeneau. It is based on Stuart M. Kaminsky's 1983 novel When the Dark Man Calls.
 Man vs Monster is the debut album from Northern Ireland trio Fighting with Wire which was released on 10 March 2008. The band launched their album tour at the Nerve Centre in their home town Derry on 1 December 2007.Rock Sound placed the album at No. 71 on their Top 75 Albums of 2008 list.
 Mahmanshahr-e Torbat-e Jam (Persian: مهمانشهرتربت جام‎ also Romanized as Mahmānshahr-e Torbat-e Jām) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3186 in 641 families.
 Pytheas is a small lunar impact crater located on the southern part of the Mare Imbrium to the south of the crater Lambert.It has a sharply defined rim a hummocky outer rampart and an irregular interior due to slumping or fall-back. There is a small crater along the northern outer rampart and a similar crater about 20 km to the west. The crater possesses a small ray system that extends for a radius of about 50 kilometers.
 René is a short novella by François-René de Chateaubriand which first appeared in 1802. The work had an immense impact on early Romanticism comparable to that of Goethe's The Sorrows of Young Werther. Like the German novel it deals with a sensitive and passionate young man who finds himself at odds with contemporary society.
 Aadmi Sadak Ka is a 1977 Bollywood film. Produced and directed by Devendra Goel it stars Shatrughan Sinha Vikram Zaheera Deven Verma Asit Sen and Agha. The film's music is by Ravi.
 Eamon Scanlon (born 20 September 1954) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Sligo–North Leitrim constituency from 2007 to 2011.
 Concept is the nineteenth studio album by the reggae artist Beenie Man.
 Jonionys is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 66 people.
 Cayetano L. Arellano (March 2 1847 – December 23 1920) was the first Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines under the American Civil Government. He was Chief Justice from 1901 until his retirement on April 12 1920 making him the longest serving Chief Justice.Born in Orion Bataan He started as a working student in San Juan de Letran.
 The Six des Eaux Froides is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Anzère in the canton of Valais. It lies in the massif of the Wildhorn between the Lac des Audannes and the Lac de Tseuzier.
 The Borden Mines Superintendent's House was built in 1850 in Frostburg Allegany County Maryland. The Italianate style villa was built for Albert C. Green first superintendent of the Borden Mining Company one of the oldest mining companies in the United States. The frame house with its three-story tower was one of the first of this style to appear in Allegany County.
 La Valija is a 1971 Argentine film.
 Procoelambus macrocephalus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae the only species in the genus Procoelambus.
 Rocky Adkins is a Democratic member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing the 99th District since 1987. He is currently Majority Floor Leader.Adkins represents a district in eastern Kentucky. Adkins played basketball for Morehead State University and Elliott County High School.
 Filigranski pločnici is the third studio album of the Croatian rock band Azra released through Jugoton in 1982 on double vinyl.
 Magdalena Gaj born on 25 March 1974 is a Polish state official since 2012 President of the Office of Electronic Communications (UKE).
 Warfstermolen (West Frisian: Warfstermûne) (Low Saxon: Warfstermeul) is a village in Kollumerland c.a. in the province of Friesland in the Netherlands. It has a population of 195 (2005).
 Learn: The Songs of Phil Ochs is a cover album by the band Kind of Like Spitting. The songs included were all written by the U.S. protest singer Phil Ochs. The CD booklet features Ben Barnett's studious commentary on the songs. It was released on September 6 2005 on Hush Records.
 Jerome F. Luebbers (born 1946) was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives serving from 1979 until 2000. Initially winning election against Norman Murdock in 1978 he went on to serve for eleven terms in the House. Term limits forced him out in 2000 and he was succeeded by future Congressman Steve Driehaus in 2001.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Eastwater Cavern is a cave near Priddy in the limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England. It is also known as Eastwater Swallet. It was first excavated in April 1902 by a team led by Herbert E. Balch composed of paid labourers and volunteers from the Wells Natural History Society. Progress was initially slow but by February 1903 Balch and Willcox had discovered substantial passage following the streamway down to the bottom of the cave.
 The 9/11 Commission Report is a 2006 American drama film by The Asylum written and directed by Leigh Scott. The film is presented as a docudrama based on the early findings of the 9/11 Commission Report and deals with the events prior to the September 11 attacks and how the attack might have been avoided. Due to similar practice by The Asylum people may consider this film a mockbuster of films like United 93 and World Trade Center.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Zarrin Rural District Kharanaq District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 10 families.
 Edward M. Augustus Jr. is an American politician and administrator who is the City Manager of Worcester Massachusetts and the director of government and community relations at the College of the Holy Cross. He previously served as a member of the Massachusetts Senate.
 Pasti Kembali is the sixth studio album from Malaysian singer Francissca Peter released in 1989.
 Santbech is a lunar impact crater that is located to the southeast of Mare Nectaris. It lies south-southwest of the prominent crater Colombo. About one crater diameter to the east-northeast is the smaller Monge. The terrain around the crater although rugged in places has been flooded by lava and so has a low albedo and a relatively flat surface. It was named after the 16th-century Dutch mathematician and astronomer Daniel Santbech Noviomagus.
 East Bay Grease is the debut album by the soul funk group Tower of Power. It is characteristic of the Bay City funk style they helped to establish and further built upon throughout their career.[citation needed] The album was released on CD in 1992 by Rhino Records.
 Cardiopharynx schoutedeni is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa. It is found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania and Zambia. This semi-pelagic fish prefers habitats over sandy bottoms where it feeds on aquatic microorganisms. It can reach a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL. It is also found in the aquarium trade.
 Amaravathi (Tamil: அமராவதி) is a 1993 Tamil film directed by Selva. The film featured debutants Ajith Kumar and Sanghavi in the lead role and released in May 1993 to a positive response at the box office.
 The Delaware Museum of Natural History was founded in 1957 by John Eleuthere du Pont near Greenville Delaware; it opened in 1972 on a site near Winterthur. It is known for its extensive collections of seashells birds and bird eggs. The latter is the second largest collection in North America. It is the oldest natural history museum in Delaware.
 James J. Jim Lyons Jr. is an American politician who represents the 18th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
 Lapachito is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Jean-Louis Léonard (born on 24 July 1950 in Besançon (Doubs) is a French politician and a member of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP).A mayor of Châtelaillon-Plage from 1984 to 1995 and again since 1996 he has been a 16th vice-president of the Agglomeration community of La Rochelle since March 2008.A former municipal councillor of La Rochelle (1995-1996) he represented two constituencies in the National Assembly of France : Charente-Maritime's 1st constituency (1993−1997) and Charente-Maritime's 2nd constituency (2002−2012).
 Hesthøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Choper Coffee Gilson refers to the casebook entitled Cases and Materials on Corporations edited by Jesse H. Choper John C. Coffee Jr. and Ronald J. Gilson. Its current (seventh) edition was published in 2008.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Farsan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 13 families.
 Bonnet Lake or Lake Bonnet is a 268-acre (1080000 m2) natural freshwater lake in Highlands County Florida. It is bounded on the north by Lake Bonnet Village on its west by Bonnet Lake Campgrounds on its southwest by a railroad line and on its south and southeast by Highlands Ridge. On part of its north shore is a citrus grove. To the lake's northeast is a large wooded area.
 Lake Roxburgh is an artificial lake created by the Roxburgh Dam the earliest of the large hydroelectric projects in the southern South Island of New Zealand. It lies on the Clutha River some 160 kilometres from Dunedin. It covers an area of some 6 km² and extends for nearly 30 kilometres towards the town of Alexandra. The town of Roxburgh lies five kilometres south of the Dam.
 Satya In Love (Kannada: ಸತ್ಯ ಇನ್ ಲವ್ ) is a Kannada film directed by Raghav Loki. The film was released on 28 March 2008 and stars popular Kannada actor Shivrajkumar in the lead role and Genelia the female lead. Produced by T.N. Ramesh under Ananya Enterprises with music composed by top seeding Kannada music director Gurukiran. The movie was released in 100 theatres.
 The Vilan is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps located north of Malans in the canton of Graubünden. It lies south of the Falknis between the main Rhine valley and the Taschinas valley.
 The Westin Convention Center Pittsburgh is a hotel in Downtown Pittsburgh with a prominent position in the area adjacent to the David L. Lawrence Convention Center and the Cultural District. The hotel broke ground on December 6 1984 and was originally known as the Vista International opening in 1986.
 Whitefriars Shopping Centre is a shopping centre in Canterbury Kent England. It is the biggest shopping centre in East Kent.
 Frauenberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Qashqay (Persian: قاشقاي‎ also Romanized as Qāshqāy and Qashqāy) is a village in Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 24 families.
 Inquisitors of Satan is the second album by the black metal band Deathspell Omega. It was released in 2002 by Northern Heritage Records.
 Heavenly is the third album released by L'Arc-en-Ciel on September 1 1995.
 Varva (Persian: وروا‎ also Romanized as Varvā) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 27 families.
 Bagh Kand (Persian: باغ كند‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Kand) is a village in Zavin Rural District Zavin District Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 86 families.
 Khunurana (Aymara khunu snow khunurana highest snow covered peak hispanicized spelling Cunurana) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia located about 20 km south of Potosí in the Potosí Department in the north of the José María Linares Province. It is the highest peak in the Potosí mountain range rising up to 5071 m (16637 ft).Khunurana lies south-east of Mount Hundimiento between the lake Santa Catalina and Mount Q'umir Qucha in the west and the Yana Urqu ridge in the east.
 Kyojin no Hoshi (巨人の星 trans. Star of the Giants) is a Japanese sports manga written by Ikki Kajiwara and illustrated by Noboru Kawasaki. It was adapted as the first sports anime television series[citation needed]broadcast in Japan in 1968. It later spawned 2 anime sequels and different anime movies.The manga appeared in Weekly Shōnen Magazine about the actual baseball team Yomiuri Giants using fictional characters.
 Going Overboard is a 1989 American comedy film released on May 11 1989. It stars Adam Sandler (in his film debut) Burt Young Allen Covert Billy Zane Terry Moore Milton Berle and Billy Bob Thornton in a small role. The film was originally released in 1989 but once Sandler became successful after appearing on Saturday Night Live and in the films Billy Madison and Happy Gilmore it was given a wider release by Vidmark Entertainment in 1996.
 Kawęczyn [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Aleksandrów 25 km (16 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 80.
 Daniele Capezzone (Rome September 8 1972) is a centre-right Italian politician.He currently is the spokesman for the People of Freedom.From July 14 2001 to November 4 2006 he was secretary of the Italian Radicals a liberal pro-market economy libertarian movement associated with the Transnational Radical Party.
 The Varadouro River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Originally titled La Grande Speranza retitled Submarine Attack and Torpedo Zone in English this low-key anti-war film is slow-moving and lacking in dramatic tension by action film standards but conveys its message effectively. It is notable for being shot inside and on the deck of an actual submarine and for winning both the Special Prize of the Senate of Berlin and the OCIC Award at the Berlin International Film Festival.
 The El Dorado Carnegie Library is a former public library constructed in 1912 in El Dorado Kansas. It was designed by architect John F. Stanton. In 1959 a new library was built in El Dorado; the original was eventually purchased privately and in the 1980s it was renovated and converted into private offices. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Liskeard and Looe Union Canal was a broad canal between Liskeard and Looe in Cornwall United Kingdom. It was almost 6 miles (10 km) long and had 24 locks and it opened progressively from 1827. The engineer was Robert Coad.Its primary purpose originally was the carriage of sea sand and lime to improve the acid soil of agricultural lands but when mineral deposits on Caradon Hill were exploited it benefited considerably carrying the mineral down to Looe Harbour.
 The Histories (Greek: Ἱστορίαι; also known as The History) of Herodotus is now considered as the founding work of history in Western literature. Written from the 450s to the 420s BC in the Ionic dialect of classical Greek The Histories serves as a record of the ancient traditions politics geography and clashes of various cultures that were known in Western Asia Northern Africa and Greece at that time.
 Anikudichan (South) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Anna Dmitrievna Chernenko (née Lyubimova) was the wife of Soviet leader Konstantin Chernenko (1911-1985). From 1984 to 1985 she was the First Lady of the Soviet Union.
 The following is a list of albums released with songs from or based on the animated series VeggieTales.
 Milwaukee at Last!!! is the seventh album (and second live album) by Canadian-American singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright released in the United States on September 22 2009. The album consists of live recordings from his August 27 2007 performance at the Pabst Theater in Milwaukee Wisconsin in support of his previous studio album Release the Stars (2007). Documentary film director Albert Maysles recorded a film of the same name for DVD also released on September 22 in the US.
 Kavanak (Persian: كوانك‎ also Romanized as Kavānak) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Farsan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 63 families.
 Primer with Various Instructions better known as the Fish Primer (Bulgarian: Рибен буквар Riben bukvar) was a Bulgarian schoolbook the first alphabet book in New Bulgarian language (since 15th century). It is considered by an author to be the first Bulgarian encyclopedia.The book was written and published by Petar Beron in 1824. It is one of the most significant secular works of the Bulgarian National Revival. It was the first secular publication in modern Bulgaria.
 Tokyo Mew Mew (東京ミュウミュウ Tōkyō Myū Myū) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written by Reiko Yoshida and illustrated by Mia Ikumi. It was originally serialized in Nakayoshi from September 2000 to February 2003 and was later published in seven tankōbon volumes by Kodansha from February 2001 to April 2003.
 Elements (Chinese: 圓方; Jyutping: jyun4 fong1) is a large shopping mall located on 1 Austin Road West Tsim Sha Tsui Kowloon Hong Kong. It is developed and managed by MTR Corporation through its subsidiary Premier Management Service.
 Pasiphila fumipalpata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Zealand.
 Man at Bath (French: Homme au bain) is a 2010 French film by Christophe Honoré starring François Sagat and Chiara Mastroianni. The film premiered in competition at Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland in 2010 and was released in cinemas on 22 September 2010.This is gay pornographic actor François Sagat's second major role in general release non-pornographic film as Emmanuel after his role in L.A. Zombie.
 Parade House is a Grade II listed building in Monk Street Monmouth Wales. The building is 18th-century in origin has three storeys gothicised windows ornate staircase and a hipped roof.
 Seyyed Hoseyn (Persian: سيدحسين‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Ḩoseyn; also known as Seyyed Ḩasan) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 12 families.
 Youth (Russian: Юность [Yunost']; 1856) is the third novel in Leo Tolstoy's autobiographical trilogy following Childhood and Boyhood. It was first published in the popular Russian literary magazine Sovremennik.
 Without Dowry (Russian: Бесприданница) is a 1937 Soviet film directed by Yakov Protazanov based on the eponymous play by Alexander Ostrovsky.
 Cīrava Palace (Latvian: Cīravas muižas pils; German: Schloß Zierau) is located in the village of Cīrava Cīrava parish Aizpute municipality Latvia. It is a national architecture monument included in the list of the culture monuments under state protection. The oldest county administrative documents relating to the subsequent estate are no longer found in publications or extracts from the Baltic German historians archives.
 Draculo is a genus of dragonets found mainly in the tropical waters of the western Indo-Pacific.
 Stereo is the fourth studio album by the American band Vallejo released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).
 Sport Week is a weekly sports newspaper based in Patras in the Achaea prefecture in Greece. It was first published in 1999 from S Media Group S.A.. It has many pages and these pages features news from all the athletic information from Achaea Etoloakarnania Ilia Kefalonia and Zakynthos.
 Slimeheads also known as roughies and redfish are mostly small exceptionally long-lived deep-sea beryciform fish constituting the family Trachichthyidae (derived from the Greek trachys - rough and ichthys - fish). Found in temperate to tropical waters of the Atlantic Indian and Pacific Oceans the family comprises about 50 species in eight genera.
 Black Sports Magazine was a magazine that launched in April 1971 in New York City and closed later that decade.The magazine was the first major sports magazine aimed specifically at Blacks. The magazine was the brainchild of Allan P. Barron who became President and Editor. Barron teamed with William L. Doneghy who came aboard as Vice-President and Controller. In 1971 Bryant Gumbel became editor of the magazine leaving the following year.The magazine failed in the 1970s.
 Samuel Benton Callahan (January 26 1833 – February 17 1911) was a Confederate politician during the American Civil War.Samuel Callahan was born in Mobile Alabama as a member of the Creek tribe. He represented the Creek and Seminole nations in the Second Confederate Congress.
 Mount Foster is a peak rising to 2105 metres (6906 ft) in the Imeon Range on Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica. It is the highest point of the South Shetland Islands archipelago.Mount Foster has triple peaks of which Mount Foster proper is the southernmost the central one is Evlogi Peak (2090 m) and the northern one is Antim Peak (2070 m).
 The Dunstan River is a 6.0-mile-long (9.7 km) river in the town of Scarborough in Cumberland County Maine. Its lower portion flows through salt marshes and it is a tributary of the tidal Scarborough River.
 Edward Eugene Burns was an American lawyer from Platteville Wisconsin who served as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
 Wings of Courage is a 1995 American-French drama film directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud. The 40-minute picture was written by Annaud with Alain Godard. It was the first dramatic picture shot in the IMAX format and the first 3-D IMAX fiction film.The film is an account of the real-life story of early airmail pilot Henri Guillaumet (Craig Sheffer) whose small plane crashes in the South American Andes forcing him to trek back to civilization on foot.
 Bascaneucosma is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 The Odvoș River (Hungarian: Odvos-patak) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 The Centre William Rappard at Rue de Lausanne 154 Geneva Switzerland was built between 1923 and 1926 to house the International Labour Office (ILO). It was the first building in Geneva designed to house an international organization.
 Zaregoto Series (戯言シリーズ Zaregoto Shirīzu) is a Japanese novel series written by Japanese novelist Nisio Isin and illustrated by Take. The series was published in Japan between February 5 2002 and November 2005 by Kodansha Books. It was followed by a spin-off series also published by Kodansha Books Ningen Series (人間シリーズ Ningen Shirīzu) focusing on the Zerozaki clan.
 Śnice [ˈɕnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Turned Out Nice Again is a British comedy film starring Lancashire-born George Formby. The film was released in 1941 and filmed at Ealing Studios London.
 Els Munts is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1057 metres above sea level.
 Bulimulus alethorhytidus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador.
 La bambolona (internationally released as Baby Doll and Big Baby Doll) is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Franco Giraldi. It is the Giraldi's fifth film after four successful spaghetti western and the first film in which he is credited with his real name and not as Frank Garfield. The film also rapresents the first of the four collaborations between Giraldi and the screenwriter Ruggero Maccari.
 Vashnam-e Dust Mohammad (Persian: وشنام دوست محمد‎ also Romanized as Vashnām-e Dūst Moḩammad and Veshnām-e Dūst Moḩammad; also known as Rezhnān Vājnān Vashnām Vāzhnān and Wajnān) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 12 families.
 Racotis squalida is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Central Eastern & Southern Africa.
 Triconolestes is an extinct genus of Late Jurassic mammal from the Morrison Formation.Present in stratigraphic zones 4.
 A Person of Interest is the third studio album by American hip hop artist DJ Paul released on October 22 2012. Paul states that the album which is a mix of gangsta rap and crunk music is aimed at the core Three 6 Mafia fans. Unlike his previous albums A Person of Interest also incorporates influences from dubstep and electronic dance music. Featured artists are long-time collaborators Lil Wyte Project Pat and Gucci Mane as well as upcoming artist Locodunit.
 Pop Goes the Easel is the seventh short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Electracma hemichroa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Biswanath Das (March 8 1889 – June 2 1984) was an Indian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Odisha Province of British India 1937–39 the Governor of Uttar Pradesh 1962–67 and later the Chief Minister of Odisha 1971–72.
 Çavuşlu is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the southern slopes of the Taurus Mountains to the east of Turkish state highway D.750. The distance to Tarsus is 35 kilometres (22 mi) and to Mersin is 65 kilometres (40 mi). The population of the village was 318 as of 2011. The main agricultural product of the village is grape.
 Longford Hall is a 16th-century country house at Longford in Derbyshire. It is a Grade II* listed buildingThe Manor was built in the 16th century for the de Longford family. On the demise of the last of the de Longfords about 1620 the manor passed to Sarah Reddish who married Clement Coke younger son of Sir Edward Coke Lord Chief Justice of Holkham Hall Norfolk.
 Cranberry Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 The Odon is a river in the Calvados department in Normandy northwestern France. It is 47 km long and is a left tributary of the Orne. The river passes through Jurques Aunay-sur-Odon Baron-sur-Odon Bretteville-sur-Odon Épinay-sur-Odon Grainville-sur-Odon Parfouru-sur-Odon Tournay-sur-Odon and Tourville-sur-Odon. It flows into the Orne in Caen.
 The Climbing Maidhair Pyralid Moth (Austromusotima camptozonale) is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is native to Australia but attempts have been made to introduce it to southern Florida as a biological control agent for Old World climbing fern.The wingspan is about 10 mm.The larvae feed on Lygodium microphyllum Lygodium japonicum and Lygodium palmatum.
 Cadlina kerguelensis is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 Hypomeces is a tropical genus of true weevil family.
 Bernardodon was a small Lower Cretaceous mammal from Portugal. It is part of the extinct order Multituberculata living at the same time as the dinosaurs. Differs from Pinheirodon in having I3 wider and more robust; on P5 the cusps of BB row do not extend for the whole tooth length.
 The Bishop's Mantle is a novel by Agnes Sligh Turnbull about the grandson of an American Episcopal bishop in New York City in the early years of World War II.
 Bronisze [brɔˈniʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Gordon D. Giffin (born December 29 1949) became the thirty-fourth Ambassador of the United States to Canada on September 17 1997.Born in Springfield Massachusetts Gordon Giffin moved to Canada before his first birthday. He lived in Montreal and Toronto for 17 years attending Valois Park Elementary School in Pointe Claire and Richview Collegiate in Etobicoke. Giffin earned a B.A. from Duke University in 1971 and a J.D.
 Oreshura (俺修羅) short for Ore no Kanojo to Osananajimi ga Shuraba Sugiru (俺の彼女と幼なじみが修羅場すぎる lit. My Girlfriend and Childhood Friend Fight Too Much) is a Japanese light novel series written by Yūji Yūji with illustrations provided by Ruroo. SoftBank Creative has published seven novels since February 2011. There have been four manga adaptations and an anime adaptation by A-1 Pictures aired from January to March 2013.
 The Lupul River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 John J. Hafer represented District 1 in the Maryland Senate which covers Garrett Allegany and Washington Counties. He retired from office in 2007.
 Synegiodes histrionaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan and India.
 Blast of Silence is an American crime/thriller film released in 1961. It was written and directed by Allen Baron and produced by Merrill Brody who was also the cinematographer.
 This article is about the Leon Cathedral in Spain for the Cathedral in Nicaragua that goes by the same name see: León Cathedral (Nicaragua).Santa María de León Cathedral also called The House of Light or the Pulchra Leonina is situated in the city of León in north-western Spain. It was built on the site of previous Roman baths of the 2nd century which 800 years later king Ordoño II converted into a palace.
 Konar-e Nar (Persian: كنارنر‎ also Romanized as Konār-e Nar) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gardy's Millpond is a 75 acres (30.35 ha) reservoir located in a tranquil setting along the Westmoreland and Northumberland county line in Northeast Virginia.The millpond is relatively shallow with an average depth of about 4 ft (1 m). The upstream portion of the impoundment is swampy and the shoreline is largely forested.
 Beast Mode is the ninth studio album by rapper Juvenile released on July 6 2010. Producers on the album include S-8ighty C. Smith Sinista Streets Raj Smoov and Niyo. A ChopNotSlop version was mixed by DJ Hollygrove and hosted by OG Ron C.
 Hakarimata Range is a range of hills on the western edge of Ngaruawahia township in the Waikato region of New Zealand lying along the Waikato River and Waipa River. The Hakarimata Range is separated from the Taupiri Range by the Taupiri Gorge through which the Waikato River flows.Parts of the range is protected as a scenic reserve. A community group the Hakarimata Restoration Trust created in 2001 is helping care for the range.
 Amit Mitra (Bengali: অমিত মিত্র Hindi: अमित मित्रा) is an Indian economist and politician representing All India Trinamool Congress and the current FinanceCommerce & Industries Minister of the Indian state of West Bengal. He is the incumbent MLA in the West Bengal state assembly from the Khardaha state assembly constituency. Cited as a giant killer in the West Bengal state assembly election 2011 defeating Asim Dasgupta the former West Bengal Finance Minister.
 Minnaert is a large lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon deep in the southern hemisphere. It is partly overlain along the southeastern side by the larger and younger crater Antoniadi. To the west-northwest lies Lyman.Nearly half the crater is overlain by the rim outer rampart and ejecta from Antoniadi. The remaining rim is worn and eroded with a number of small craterlets along the edge and inner wall.
 Taenia pisiformis is a tapeworm. It is related to Taenia solium the pork tapeworm and to Taenia saginata the beef tapeworm.The adult may reach up to 200 cm in length. The definite host is represented by carnivores such as the dog or the cat.The intermediate host is represented by hares and rabbits in which we find the mesacestoide (the larval stage) known as: cysticercus pisiformis.
 Swingin' is the second studio album by singer Dino released on August 13 1990 by Polydor Records. The album reached No. 82 on the Billboard 200 albums chart. The album contains two singles Romeo (Dino song) which contains the rapper Ice Doctor which reached No. 6 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and Gentle (a cover of the song originally released in 1985 by singer Frederick) which reached No. 31.
 Phyllis Mundy (born January 31 1948 in Evansville Indiana) is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and minority chairman of the House Finance Committee. She is a graduate of Kingston High School and Bloomsburg University.
 Don Ness (born January 9 1974) is an American politician from Duluth Minnesota and the current mayor of this city. He is a member of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party.
 The Awatere River is a large river flowing through Marlborough New Zealand. Flowing along the trace of the active Awatere Fault it runs northeast through a straight valley to the west of the Inland Kaikoura mountains. This valley is parallel with that of the Clarence River 20 kilometres to the south.It flows for 110 kilometres from its source in the mountainous interior to reach Cook Strait close to the town of Seddon.Until 2008 the Awatere River bridge had a rail line above the road way.
 Esther Jane Jennie Tuttle Hobart (April 30 1849 – January 8 1941) was the wife of Vice President Garret Hobart who served in the administration of President William McKinley as well as a philanthropist and community activist in New Jersey.
 Guinn Run is a Pennsylvania stream flowing southeastward in the Gettysburg National Military Park from Cemetery Hill past the Gettysburg Museum and Visitor Center to Rock Creek. The stream was bridged by the 1809 Gettysburg and Petersburg Turnpike Company and in the commemorative era by the United States War Department when Hunt and Slocum Avenues were built. A dam was built on Guinn Run to form a pond for Fantasyland Pennsylvania through the 1960s and 1970s.[1]
 Llyn Conwy (SH780462) is a lake in the county of Conwy in central north Wales. It is the source of the River Conwy which on flowing south out of the lake swings round to then generally flow in a northerly direction for a distance of some 27 miles (43 km) to its discharge in Conwy Bay. Llyn Conwy lies at a height of about 1488 ft with a maximum depth of 16 feet and is by far the biggest lake of the Migneint moors an extensive area of blanket mire with high rainfall - about 260 cm p.a.
 Eric Ivan Cantor (/ˈkæntər/; born June 6 1963) is the U.S. Representative for Virginia's 7th congressional district serving since 2001. A member of the Republican Party he became House Majority Leader when the 112th Congress convened on January 3 2011. He previously served as House Minority Whip from 2009 to 2011.His district includes most of the northern and western sections of Richmond along with most of Richmond's western suburbs and portions of the Shenandoah Valley.
 The Big Soul-Band (also released as Wade in the Water) is an album by the Johnny Griffin Orchestra led by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin featuring arrangements by Norman Simmons. It was released on the Riverside label in 1960.
 Podgórki [pɔdˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Wierzbica 15 km (9 mi) south of Radom and 107 km (66 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Mont Blanc (French pronunciation: ​[mɔ̃.blɑ̃]) or Monte Bianco (Italian pronunciation: [ˈmonte ˈbjaŋko]) both meaning White Mountain is the highest mountain in the Alps and the European Union. It rises 4810 m (15781 ft) above sea level and is ranked 11th in the world in topographic prominence.
 Queen's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Cassiopea (upside-down jellyfish) is a genus of true jellyfish and the only members of the family Cassiopeidae. They are found in warmer coastal regions around the world including shallow mangrove swamps mudflats canals and turtle grass flats in Florida. The medusa usually lives upside-down on the bottom which has earned them the common name. Where found there may be numerous individuals with varying shades of white blue green and brown.
 Saraswati River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Gir forest. Its basin has a maximum length of 50 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 370 square kilometres (140 sq mi).
 Joe Sosnowski is a member of the Illinois House of Representatives first sworn in to represent the 69th district in 2010. The district he represents includes the municipalities of Belvidere Caledonia Capron Cherry Valley Loves Park Machesney Park Roscoe South Beloit Timberlane Illinois.
 Varanavasi is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 City Streets is a 1931 American crime film noir directed by Rouben Mamoulian and starring Gary Cooper and Sylvia Sidney. Based on a story by Dashiell Hammett this Pre-Code crime film is about a racketeer's daughter who is in love with a shooting gallery showman. Despite her prodding the showman known as The Kid has no ambitions about joining the rackets and making enough money to support her in the lifestyle she's accustomed to.
 Flubber is a 1997 comedy film and a remake of The Absent-Minded Professor (1961) directed by Les Mayfield (who had previously directed another John Hughes scripted remake Miracle on 34th Street). The film was produced by Walt Disney Pictures and stars Robin Williams Marcia Gay Harden Christopher McDonald Ted Levine Jodi Benson and Clancy Brown. Although the film was poorly reviewed it did well at the box office making more than double its budget.
 Joe Buscaino is an American politician currently serving on the Los Angeles City Council for the 15th district. Buscaino was elected on January 17 2012 to fill the vacancy left by Janice Hahn following her successful bid for the U.S. House of Representatives. He is a member of the Democratic Party.He was re-elected on March 5 2013 to a full four-year term with 83.33% of the vote the largest margin of victory in a contested race in Los Angeles since at least 1996.[citation needed].
 Yvette Herrell is an American politician and a Republican member of the New Mexico House of Representatives representing District 51 since January 18 2011.
 Muttar is a village in upper Kuttanad Alappuzha district of Kerala India. It is located 10 km west of Changanacherry on the Kidangara Neerattupuram (Muttar Central) road surrounded by Thalavady Neerettupuram Kunnamkary Chathamkary & Mithrakary.The River Manimala flows on the East of the village. The village has several coconut plantations and paddy fields.
 St. Amy's Tale is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection Maps in a Mirror.
 Two Treatises of Government (or Two Treatises of Government: In the Former The False Principles and Foundation of Sir Robert Filmer and His Followers Are Detected and Overthrown. The Latter Is an Essay Concerning The True Original Extent and End of Civil Government) is a work of political philosophy published anonymously in 1689 by John Locke.
 Arboga River (Swedish: Arbogaån) is a river in Sweden. It flows from the lake Väringen through Arboga and eventually into the lake Mälaren at Kungsör.
 Dreams from R'lyeh is a collection of poems by Lin Carter. It was released in 1975 by Arkham House in an edition of 3152 copies. It was Carter's only book published by Arkham House. The Sonnet Cycle Dreams from R'lyeh that comprises the first two-thirds of the book consists of poems inspired by H. P. Lovecraft and the Cthulhu Mythos. The Sonnet Cycle portion of this volume has also been reprinted in Robert M. Price (ed).
 Homo Faber (German: Homo faber. Ein Bericht) is a novel by Max Frisch first published in Germany in 1957. The first English edition was published in England in 1959. The novel is written as a first-person narrative. The protagonist Walter Faber is a successful engineer traveling throughout Europe and the Americas on behalf of UNESCO. His world view based on logic probability and technology is challenged when he falls victim to a series of incredible coincidences.
 Kumcuk is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 107 people.
 William Bebb (December 8 1802 – October 23 1873) was a Whig politician from Ohio. He served as the 19th Governor of Ohio he was the third native Ohioan to be elected to the office.
 The New Quartet is an album by Gary Burton.
 The Łęczyca Royal Castle is a medieval castle situated in Łęczyca Poland. The castle was erected by Casimir III the Great as a fortification during 1357-1370.
 The Cica River is a tributary of the Turia River in Romania.
 Persuasion is a 2007 British television film adaptation of Jane Austen's novel of the same name. It was directed by Adrian Shergold and the screenplay was written by Simon Burke. Sally Hawkins stars as the protagonist Anne Elliot while Rupert Penry-Jones plays Frederick Wentworth. Eight years prior to the film's beginning Anne was persuaded to reject Wentworth's proposal of marriage.
 Sugar Loaf Express is a direct to disc studio album by Lee Ritenour released in 1977.
 Lake Dunlap is a reservoir on the Guadalupe River near the town of New Braunfels in Guadalupe County Texas USA. The reservoir was formed in 1931 by the construction of a dam to provide hydroelectric power to the area. Management of the dam and lake was assumed by the Guadalupe-Blanco River Authority on May 1 1963. Lake Dunlap also serves as a venue for outdoor recreation including fishing and boating.
 In the Jungle Groove is a compilation album by American musician James Brown released in August 1986 by Polydor Records.
 Read Between the Lies is the first novel by Emmy-winning author Lori Bryant-Woolridge. Read Between the Lies combines chick lit and beach book styles with themes of racial diversity and adult illiteracy.
 Aglossodes mocquerysi is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossodes. It was described by Leraut in 2009 and is known from Sierra Leone.
 The Gorgan River is a tributary of the Hopârta River in Romania.
 The Bursidae common name frog snails or frog shells are a rather small taxonomic family of large sea snails marine gastropod predatory snails in the clade Littorinimorpha.
 Ha-Yom (Hebrew: היום‎ The Day) was a Hebrew-language newspaper published from 1886 to mid-1888 from Saint Petersburg Russia. It was founded and edited by Jehuda Löb Kantor. Ha-Yom was the first daily Hebrew newspaper. When it was launched Ha-Yom had a daily circulation of around 2400. By 1887 the number of subscribers had fallen to around 1600.Ha-Yom was characterized by a modern Europeanized form of journalism previous unknown to Hebrew-language press.
 National grid reference NR95389707Feorlin is an impounding reservoir located 2 kilometres west of Minard. The loch is part of the Lochgair Hydroelectric Scheme. The rockfill dam is 4.19 metres high and was completed in 1964.
 Burton & Taylor is a BBC Four TV film directed by Richard Laxton and based on the legendary acting duo and former husband and wife Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor during their preparation for a 1983 theatrical production of the play Private Lives. The film stars Helena Bonham Carter and Dominic West in the titular roles.
 Girl Clock! is a 2010 Australian comedy.
 José Sarney de Araújo Costa (Portuguese pronunciation: [ʒuˈzɛ saʁˈnej dʒj ɐɾaˈuʒu ˈkɔʃtɐ]; born 24 April 1930) is a Brazilian politician lawyer and writer who was President of Brazil from 15 March 1985 to 15 March 1990.Sarney ascended in the politics of his home state of Maranhão as part of the Bossa Nova Generation of UDN politicians in the 1950s young idealists seeking to reorganize public administration and rid the government of corruption and old deleterious practices.
 Cancer is an album by My Disco released on November 7 2006. The album marked a change in direction for the band further into math rock shifting towards minimalism a theme further explored and refined in the following album Paradise. The album was recorded in mid-2006.The album was released through Numerical Thief. It was also released on vinyl.Many of the song titles and lyrics relate to a general cancer diagnosis and treatment theme.
 8 Megales Epitihies (Greek: 8 Μεγάλες Επιτυχίες; English: 8 Greatest Hits) is the first EP album by popular Greek pop rock singer Sakis Rouvas released in 2006 by his former label Universal Music along with the imprint of Mercury Records.
 Qater Yuran-e Olya (Persian: قاطريوران عليا‎ also Romanized as Qāţer Yūrān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Yadī Qārdāsh (Persian: يدي قارداش) Qāţer Yūrān-e Bālā and Sālār Qeshlaqī) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 9 families.
 FabricLive.51 is a 2010 DJ mix album by The Duke Dumont. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Odonthalitus bisetanus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Oaxaca).The length of the forewings is 7 mm. The forewings are pale tan and the hindwings are pale cream with pale grey-brown mottling.
 What to Do After You Hit Return or P.C.C.'s First Book of Computer Games is the first computer game book written by Howie Franklin Marc LeBrun Dave Kaufman and others at People's Computer Company in 1975. It was published by Hayden in 1977 and then by SAMS in 1980 (ISBN 0810454769).The book contains several educational programs in BASIC and encourages playing games in the classroom without using the computer to teach children how the programming language works.
 Thomas C. Tom Sawyer is the state Senator for the 28th District of the Ohio Senate. Previously he served in the United States Congress in the Ohio House of Representatives and as the Mayor of Akron. He is a Democrat.
 The Chactidae make up the superfamily Chactoidea. The family was established by Reginald Innes Pocock 1893.
 Muhammad Naji al-Otari (Arabic: محمد ناجي عطري‎ Muḥammad Nājī al-`Uṭrī also Etri Itri and Otri) (born 1944) is a Syrian politician who was Prime Minister of Syria from 2003 to 2011.
 Clément Robillard (May 31 1850 – March 20 1926) was a Canadian politician.Born in Lavaltrie near L'Assomption Canada East Robillard was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Montréal division no. 2 in a 1909 by-election. A Liberal he was re-elected in the riding of Montréal–Saint-Jacques in 1912 and 1916. He did not run in 1919. He was appointed to the Legislative Council of Quebec for de Lanaudière in 1919.He died in office in Montreal in 1926.
 Vahe Stepanyan (Armenian: Վահե Ստեփանյան; born 6 April 1948 in Stepanakert) is an Armenian lawyer Doctor of Laws who was the first minister of justice of the third Republic of Armenia.
 Don Czarcinski is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 Place d'Orléans is a large shopping mall in the eastern end of Ottawa Ontario Canada in the community of Orléans. The property is about 740000 sq ft (69000 m2). It has three large department stores (Sport Chek Target and The Bay) and about 175 small shops including a food court. The Bay expanded in 1999 taking over a large section of the north side's upper level and reducing the number of smaller shops.
 Too Late to Turn Back Now is the title of a 1977 album by the progressive bluegrass band New Grass Revival on the Flying Fish label. It was their first live album and was recorded at the Telluride Bluegrass Festival.
 Upper Fremont Glacier is in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming. This Wind River Range alpine glacier is associated with the largest grouping of glaciers in the U.S. Rocky Mountains and lies on the north slope of Fremont Peak the third tallest mountain in Wyoming.
 La Torre de los Siete Jorobados is a 1944 Spanish mystery film directed by Edgar Neville. It is based on a novel by Emilio Carrere.
 MacLife is an American monthly magazine published by Future US. It focuses on the Macintosh personal computer and related products including the iPod and iPhone. Between September 1996 and February 2007 the magazine was known as MacAddict (ISSN 1088-548X). In Germany MacLife is published by Falkemedia from Kiel (ISSN 1860-9988).
 Bedirler is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 103 people.
 Hansel and Gretel (Hangul: 헨젤과 그레텔) is a 2007 South Korean horror film directed by Yim Pil-sung.
 Bozgedik is a village in the District of Çelikhan Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Where Hazel Met the Villain is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 The Collective is the self-titled debut mini album by Australian boy band The Collective released on 14 December 2012 by Sony Music Australia. After finishing third in the fourth series of The X Factor in 2012 The Collective began recording the album in Melbourne. The album contains their debut single Surrender recorded versions of six songs they performed on The X Factor and a cover of Wham!'s Last Christmas.
 Humpty Dumpty is a bimonthly American magazine for children 5 to 7 years old that takes its title from the nursery rhyme of the same name. The magazine features short stories poems nonfiction articles games comics recipes crafts and more. Having been continuously produced for 60 years it is one of the oldest American magazines for kids.
 Kurekuppa is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sandur taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.
 Nufenen Pass (Italian: Passo della Novena German: Nufenenpass) (el. 2478 m.) is the second highest mountain pass with a paved road within Switzerland - after Umbrailpass. It lies between the summits of Pizzo Gallina (north) and the Nufenestock (south).The pass road from Ulrichen in canton of Valais leads to the Bedretto valley in the canton of Ticino linking Brig to Airolo.
 Anthony Sinagra b. 1940 is a former member of the Ohio Senate. He served in the 23rd District which is based out of Cuyahoga County from 1991 until 1994 when he lost to Dennis Kucinich in an electoral upset. He was also mayor of Lakewood in Cuyahoga County Ohio from 1978 to 1990. In 2009 he was accused of paying bribes to obtain a consulting job for which he did little or no work. On Sept 1 2009 he pled guilty to the charges and was subsequently fined.
 Cerithiopsis nutzeli is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Jay and Drivas in 2002.
 For the grain see Black rice.Black Rice (French: Riz noir) is a novel written by Anna Moï published by Gallimard in 2004.
 This article refers to the mall in Evansville Indiana. For other malls of the same name see Eastland Mall (disambiguation).Eastland Mall is a regional shopping mall located on North Green River Road in Evansville Indiana. It is operated by the Macerich a group which owns and develops malls around the United States. The mall has 130 specialty stores three department stores and a food court with a variety of fast food eateries and a TGI Friday's restaurant.
 Lac de Moron is a lake formed by damming the Doubs River on the border of France and Switzerland. It can be reached from Les Planchettes or Les Brenets in the Canton of Neuchâtel (Switzerland) and from Le Barboux in the Doubs department (France).The reservoir has a volume of 20.6 million m³ and its surface area is 0.69 km². The arch dam Châtelot was completed in 1953.
 Knochenbach (Werre) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Air Marshal Peter Brett Walker CB CBE (born 1949) is a former Royal Air Force officer who is now Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey.
 Eudendrium calceolatum is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Explicit Game is the second album by Oakland rapper Dru Down his first for Relativity Records and also his first make it to the billboard charts. It is essentially a re-release of his self-titled debut album featuring the same album art and track listing in a different order. Explicit Game did make it to 46 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and also made it to 31 on the Top Heatseekers chart.
 Łomazy [wɔˈmazɨ] is a village in Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łomazy. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south of Biała Podlaska and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 1700.
 Not to be confused with A Taste for Death (Modesty Blaise)A Taste for Death is a crime novel by British writer P. D. James seventh in the popular Commander Adam Dalgliesh series. The novel won the Silver Dagger in 1986 losing out on the Gold to Ruth Rendell's Live Flesh. It has been adapted for television and radio.
 Gino Matrundola (born July 21 1940) is a former politician in Ontario Canada.
 Chang Fan (Chinese: 張璠; pinyin: Zhāng Fán) is a politician in the Republic of China. He currently serves as the Political Deputy Minister of Finance since 17 February 2014.
 Varzahan (Armenian: Վարզահան Turkish: Uğrak Kiliseleri or Varzahan Kiliseleri ) was an Armenian church founded in the 12th century near village Uğrak (formerly Varzahan) 10 km northwest of Bayburt in Turkey's Eastern Anatolia region.
 Itakura Shigemune (板倉 重宗 1586 – January 15 1657) was a Japanese daimyo of the early Edo period. Shigemune's daimyō family claimed descent from the Shibukawa branch of the Seiwa-Genji. The Itakura identified its clan origins in Mikawa province. The descendants of Itakura Katsushige including the descendants of his eldest son Shigemune were known as the elder branch of the clan. In 1622 his service was rewarded by his assignment as daimyō of Sekiyado Domain.
 Cieciory [t͡ɕeˈt͡ɕɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Kolno and 97 km (60 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 359.
 General Khalid Shameem Wynne (born 28 August 1953) is a retired four-star general officer who tenured as the 14th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee before retiring on 7 October 2013.
 The Garfield Thomas Water Tunnel is the U.S. Navy's principal experimental hydrodynamic research facility operated by the Penn State Applied Research Laboratory. The facility was completed and entered operation in 1949. The facility is named after Lieutenant W. Garfield Thomas Jr. a Penn State journalism graduate who was killed in World War II. For a long time the Garfield Thomas Water Tunnel was the largest circulating water tunnel in the world.
 The Colombian horned frog or Venezuelan horned frog (Ceratophrys calcarata) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Scooby-Doo is the soundtrack to the 2002 film Scooby-Doo. It was released on June 4 2002 on Atlantic Records on Audio CD and Compact Cassette and consisted of alternative rock hip hop and reggae music. The soundtrack fared well on the Billboard charts peaking at #24 on the Billboard 200 #49 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #4 on the Top Soundtracks.
 Lasionycta conjugata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Rocky Mountains from central Utah and Colorado north to the Beartooth Plateau on the Montana-Wyoming border.It is found in subalpine forests and is nocturnal.Adults are on wing from early July to late August.
 The Confederate Mass Grave Monument in Somerset in Pulaski County Kentucky near Nancy Kentucky honors the Confederate soldiers who are buried here who died at the Battle of Mill Springs. These soldiers were from Alabama Mississippi and Tennessee and number over one hundred in total.The monument was built in 1910 by Bennett H. Young who during the war rode with Confederate general John Hunt Morgan.
 Zincirli Madrasa (Медресе Ланцюгів Crimean Tatar: Zıncırlı medrese) is a madrasa built of stone by Meñli I Giray in 1500 near Bakhchisarai Crimea Ukraine.
 Psycho III is an American 1986 horror/slasher film. It is the second sequel to Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho and the third film in the Psycho series. The film stars Anthony Perkins (who also directed the film) Diana Scarwid Jeff Fahey and Roberta Maxwell. The screenplay is written by Charles Edward Pogue. The original electronic music score is composed and performed by Carter Burwell in one of his earliest projects.
 Alpspitze is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. At its base is the 'AlpspiX Viewing Platform' 2 curved metal walkways reaching out 13 metres (42 feet) over a cliff crossing over each other making the shape of an X.
 Miralda annulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Overland Lake is a glacial tarn in the Ruby Mountains of Elko County in the northeastern part of the state of Nevada. It is located at the head of Overland Canyon at approximately 40°27.6'N and 115°27.4'W and at an elevation of 9450 feet (2880 meters). It has an area of approximately 15 acres (6.1 hectares) and a depth of up to 55 feet (17 m).
 Der Teckbote is a German daily newspaper for the Swabian town of Kirchheim unter Teck.
 Hiawatha Lake is a man-made lake originally created for use of swimming.It is located in Syracuse New York in Onondaga Park on the city's South Side along Roberts Avenue. Swimming was stopped because a series of accidental drownings in the 1970s. One side was filled back in and a modern swimming facility known as Onondaga Pool was built. It is still used for its picturesque quality and large gazebo. It often serves as a backdrop for prom and wedding photos.
 Divarilima is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Limidae the file shells or file clams.
 The General John Glover House is a National Historic Landmark at 11 Glover Street in Marblehead Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story gambrel roofed colonial built in 1762 by John Glover a local merchant politician and militia leader who gained fame for his military leadership in the American Revolutionary War.
 277 Park Avenue is an office building in the Midtown Manhattan neighborhood of New York City. It stands on the east side of Park Avenue between 47th and 48th Streets; it is 687 feet (209 m) tall with 50 floors.The building currently houses parts of JPMorgan Chase's Investment Bank Commercial Bank and other corporate functions.
 Kikhpinych (Russian: Кихпиныч) is a stratovolcano located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula and feeding the famous Valley of Geysers. At its foot is the 'Valley of Death' where volcanic gasses accumulate and kill birds and mammals that enter it.
 A bumblebee also written bumble bee is any member of the bee genus Bombus in the family Apidae. There are over 250 known species existing primarily in the Northern Hemisphere although they also occur in South America. They have been introduced to New Zealand and the Australian state of Tasmania.Bumblebees are social insects that are characterised by black and yellow body hairs often in bands. However some species have orange or red on their bodies or may be entirely black.
 The Canadian Geographer / Le Géographe canadien is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Canadian Association of Geographers / l'Association canadienne des géographes. The journal was established in 1950. Its current editor-in-chief is Nadine Schuurman. The journal publishes contemporary geographical research that addresses significant social scientific and technical issues in Canada and globally.
 Nesa-ye Sofla (Persian: نساسفلي‎ also Romanized as Nesā’-ye Soflá; also known as Nesā’ī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 55 families.
 The William W. Early House is a Queen Anne-style house located at Brandywine in Prince George's County Maryland United States and is privately owned. It was constructed in 1907. According to a 1989 Historic American Buildings Survey report on the house The William W. Early House is probably the best example of turn-of-the-century Queen Anne-style domestic architecture in the county.
 Hinton Healthcare Centre is a medical facility located in Hinton Alberta. Alberta Health Services is responsible for the operations of the hospital. It contains 23 beds with one palliative care bed.
 Lake Ngozi is the second largest crater lake in Africa. It can be found near Tukuyu a small town in the highland Rungwe District Mbeya Region of southern Tanzania in East Africa.
 Hangar No. 1 is an airship hangar located at Naval Air Engineering Station Lakehurst in Manchester Township in Ocean County New Jersey United States. It is best known as the intended destination of the rigid airship LZ 129 Hindenburg prior to the Hindenburg Disaster on May 6 1937 when it crashed and burned while landing.
 Aphrodite Terra is a highland region on Venus near the equator.
 'Máncora is the second film of Peruvian director Ricardo de Montreuil. Máncora premiered as an official selection at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival.
 Hatamuniguda is a village of Bishama Katek tehsil Rayagada district Orissa India. The village is 43.9 km far from its district main city Rayagada. Hata is 258 km far from its state main city Bhubaneswar.
 Rosbach (Nidda) is a river in Hesse Germany with a length of 9 kilometres (5.6 mi). The river is a right tributary of the Nidda which itself is a right tributary of the Main river in Hesse. The river Rosbach gives the town Rosbach vor der Höhe its name.
 Sar Kheng (Khmer: ស ខេង; born 15 January 1951) is the Cambodian Minister of the Interior. In this capacity he also holds the rank of Deputy Prime Minister. He is a member of the Cambodian People's Party and is one of the highest ranking members of that party. Kheng has been the Minister of the Interior since 1998. Until March 2006 he was the co-interior minister along with a member of another party but he then became sole interior minister in a cabinet reshuffle.
 East Genoa Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Genoa in Cayuga County New York. It is a hand hewn timber frame structure sheathed in pine clapboard and built in 1849 in the Greek Revival style. High Victorian Gothic modifications were made in the 1880s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Mirror is the student-operated newspaper of the University of Northern Colorado. It is published every Monday during the fall and spring semesters and breaks news online at www.uncmirror.com. Typically it is not published during school breaks (spring break winter break national holidays etc.) and the paper is distributed to over 85 locations throughout the campus in academic buildings residence halls and apartment buildings. Some local businesses also receive copies.
 Rybno [ˈrɨbnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszków within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wyszków and 49 km (30 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Seal Cove Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Today and Tomorrow (Hungarian: Ma és holnap) is a 1912 film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Krumbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Kent Jail also known as the Old Jailhouse is a historic structure located in Kent Ohio in the United States. It was first added to the National Register of Historic Places August 10 1978 while still located at its original location of 124 West Day Street near downtown Kent immediately south of Haymaker Parkway. In December 1999 the building was moved to 497 Middlebury Road to make way for a Walgreens drug store and was subsequently delisted from the register July 20 2000.
 The Philosophy of Eating was written by Albert Bellows published in 1867 with the posthumous edition descriptor line Late Professor of Chemistry Physiology and Hygiene and reprinted in later years to the current Philosophy of Eating.
 Matthew Kipling Fong (November 20 1953 – June 1 2011) was a Republican who served as the 30th California State Treasurer and was also the adopted son of Democrat March Fong Eu the 25th California Secretary of State.Born in Alameda California Fong graduated from Skyline High School earned a Bachelor of Science degree at the United States Air Force Academy in 1975 an MBA at Pepperdine University in 1982 and a J.D.
 Gowlak (Persian: گولك‎) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 12 families.
 Sternopygus is a genus of glass knifefishes found in tropical South America. There are currently eight described species in this genus.
 Rhytidosteoidea is a superfamily of Temnospondyli.
 My Paparotti (Hangul: 파파로티; RR: Paparoti) is a 2013 South Korean film starring Lee Je-hoon and Han Suk-kyu.
 Hawk of the Hills is a 1927 American Western film serial directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet.
 Nine Tonight is a live album by American rock band Bob Seger & The Silver Bullet Band released in 1981 (see 1981 in music). The album was recorded at Cobo Hall in Detroit Michigan in June 1980 and at the Boston Garden in Boston Massachusetts in October 1980. With the exception of Let It Rock the album is composed entirely of songs drawn from Seger's three previous studio albums. Tryin' To Live My Life Without You was a U.S. Top 5 pop hit peaking at #5.
 Harold W. Wells was a Massachusetts politician who served as the 27th Mayor of Somerville Massachusetts.
 Special Quartet is an album by David Murray released on the DIW/Columbia label. It was released in 1990 and features six quartet performances by Murray with Fred Hopkins McCoy Tyner and Elvin Jones.
 The James River is located in Kimble and Mason counties in the U.S. state of Texas. The Llano River in Mason County is the location of the mouth of the James River and it flows southeast for 36½ miles past the Kimble County ghost town of Noxville. The river intersects with the James River Spring and also with the Little Devils River in southeastern Kimble County. The valleys along the James River became sites for 19th-century European settlements.
 Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth (often shortened to Batman: Arkham Asylum) is a Batman graphic novel written by Grant Morrison and illustrated by Dave McKean. It was originally published in the United States in both hardcover and softcover editions by DC Comics in 1989. The subtitle is taken from line 55 of the Philip Larkin poem Church Going.
 Nothing Lasts Forever is a 1994 novel by Sidney Sheldon.This medical thriller tells the story of three female doctors trying to prove themselves in a profession dominated by men. Each of them has their own story and each of their tales are well connected and intertwined with each other. But suddenly there is chaos one dies another is about to get the hospital shut down and the third faces the death penalty for murder. The novel follows a twisty plot with a typical Sheldon surprise ending.
 Jim Nickels (born September 10 1947 in Hot Springs Arkansas) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives representing District 41 since January 14 2013. Nickels served consecutively from January 2009 until January 2013 in the District 43 seat.
 The Zambezi yellowfish Labeobarbus codringtonii is commonly found throughout the Zambezi and Okavango Rivers in Southern Africa. They prefer fast flowing water over cobble and rocky bottoms where they predominantly feed on aquatic insects and crustaceans. Their exaggerated fins help them manoeuvre in the fast water and they are powerful swimmers. The Zambezi yellowfish is highly sought after by sport anglers and fly fishing is the preferred method of catching them.
 The brown-banded cockroach Supella longipalpa is a small species of cockroach measuring about 5⁄8 in (10 to 14;mm) long. It is the only species of the genus Supella. It is tan to light brown. It has two light-colored bands across the wings and abdomen they may sometimes appear to be broken or irregular but are quite noticeable. The bands may be partly obscured by the wings. The male has wings that cover the abdomen while the female has wings that do not cover the abdomen completely.
 Scottish Rite Cathedral is a historic Scottish Rite Masonic building at 2128 Church Street in Galveston Texas.It was built in 1928 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Day Break Illusion - il sole penetra le illusioni (幻影ヲ駆ケル太陽 Gen'ei o Kakeru Taiyō The Sun That Penetrates Illusions) is an original anime series produced by AIC and Aniplex. The series aired in Japan between July and September 2013 and was simulcast by Crunchyroll. A manga adaptation was serialized in the June 2013 issue of Square Enix's online magazine Gangan Online.
 Fairoz Khan born 21 March 1989 in Pogal Paristan Tehsil Ramsu in the Ramban District of Jammu and Kashmir India is a student leader. He is the current National Secretary of the National Students Union of India (NSUI).
 La Cómplice is a 1966 Argentine film.
 Asura solita is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 The Agriș River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Pedro Juan Rosselló González M.D. (Spanish pronunciation: [roseˈʎo]; born April 5 1944 in San Juan Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican physician and politician who served as the seventh Governor of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico from 1993 to 2001. He was President of the New Progressive Party from 1991 to 1999 and 2003 to 2008 and served as Senator for the District of Arecibo from 2005 to 2008.
 House of Incest is a slim volume of 72 pages written by Anaïs Nin. Originally published in 1936 it is Anaïs Nin's first work of fiction. But unlike her diaries and erotica House of Incest does not detail the author's relationships with famous lovers like Henry Miller nor does it contain graphic depiction of sex.
 Hasselbach (Werre) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Arjuna Ranatunga (Sinhala:අර්ජුන රණතුංග; born 1 December 1963) is a Sri Lankan politician former international cricketer and cricket administrator. He served as the captain of the Sri Lankan cricket team for much of the 1990s and the team won the 1996 Cricket World Cup under his leadership.
 Brzeście [ˈbʐɛɕt͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kluczewsko 6 km (4 mi) north-west of Włoszczowa and 49 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Migraine is the first book written by Oliver Sacks a well-known neurologist and author with a practice in New York City. The book was written in 1967 mostly over a nine-day period and first published in 1970. A revised and updated version was published in 1990.
 Central Prison Kannur is situated in Pallikkunnu in Kannur Kerala state of India. It was the first central jail established in Kerala in the year of 1869 It is authorised to accommodate 1062 prisoners.It is one of the three central prisons other than Thiruvananthapuram and Viyyur situated in Kerala.
 Bhadar River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Jasdan. Its basin has a maximum length of 200 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 7094 square kilometres (2739 sq mi).
 New River Company General Office Building is a historic commercial building located at Mt. Hope Fayette County West Virginia. It was built in 1917 and is a two story U shaped brick building. It is five bays wide. It features a stepped parapet with clay tile coping. The interior has original light fixtures unpainted woodwork and hardwood floors.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Xalitla is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Xalitla azteca Lane 1959 Xalitla genuina Martins 1970 Xalitla lezamai Galileo & Martins 2008 Xalitla punctatissima Martins 1970↑
 The Huguenot Fort is a historic fortification site on Fort Hill Road in Oxford Massachusetts.The original fort was built in 1694 by Huguenots Protestant immigrants who were fleeing state church persecution in France. Oxford was originally settled by Huguenots in two waves the original settlement having been abandoned after four residents (John Johnson and his three children Peter Andrew and Mary) were killed in a violent confrontation with local Native Americans.
 Jan Simonsen (born 3 March 1953) is a Norwegian writer freelance journalist and politician. He was a member of parliament from 1989 to 2005. He was a member of the Progress Party until he was expelled from the party in 2001. From 2003 to 2004 he was deputy leader of the Democrats party.Since then he has largely withdrawn from party politics to focus on his writing and journalism. He is also active on his blog which is one of the most popular blogs in Norway.
 Thirukkanur is a village in the union territory of Puducherry India. It one of 16 villages located in Mannadipet commune panchayat of the Villianur taluk. It is bordered by the state of Tamil Nadu both to the east and west. Thirukkanur has a primary health center police station post office electricity office and registrar office. The area is mainly oriented to agriculture. Thirukkanur market is the only bazaar catering to the needs of about 20 nearby villages.
 The Wrong Man is a 1956 docu-drama by Alfred Hitchcock which stars Henry Fonda and Vera Miles.
 The Journal of Steroid Biochemistry and Molecular Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of steroid metabolism. It was established in 1969 as Journal of Steroid Biochemistry and obtained its current name in 1990. The editor-in-chief is J. Adamski (Helmholtz Zentrum München).
 Paratrechodes macleayi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Paratrechodes.
 Lake Chebarkul (Russian: озеро Чебаркуль) is a lake in Chebarkulsky District Chelyabinsk Oblast Russia on the slopes of the southern Urals. The town of Chebarkul lies on its eastern shore and Chelyabinsk the administrative center of Chelyabinsk Oblast is located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) to the northeast.
 The Stenopodidea is a small group of decapod crustaceans. Often confused with shrimp or prawns they are neither but belong in a group closer to the reptant decapods such as lobsters and crabs. They may be easily recognised by their third pereiopod (walking leg) which is greatly enlarged. In the lobsters and crabs it is the first pereiopod that is much bigger than the others. There are 71 extant species currently recognised divided into 12 genera.
 Greenville Mall is a shopping mall managed by Rouse Properties located in Greenville North Carolina which has over 500000 square feet (46000 m2). It is located at the corner of Greenville and Arlington Boulevards.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: صيداباد‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 776 in 192 families.
 The Message (Chinese: 风声; pinyin: Fēngshēng literally Sound of the Wind) is a 2009 espionage thriller set in 1942 Nanking featuring a cast of top Chinese stars.
 The Rhea County Courthouse located in Dayton Tennessee was the scene of the Scopes Trial of July 1925 in which teacher John T. Scopes faced charges for including Charles Darwin's theory of evolution in his public school lesson. The trial became a clash of titans between the lawyers William Jennings Bryan for the prosecution and Clarence Darrow for the defense and epitomizes the tension between fundamentalism and modernism in a wide range of aspects of American society.
 Ivankovac is a village in the municipality of Ćuprija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 267 people.
 The Torrington Main Post Office in Torrington Wyoming was built in 1932 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Torrington was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
 Cingulina rugosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The former DeRham Farm is located along Indian Brook Road just off NY 9D in the Town of Philipstown north of Garrison New York United States. It is a complex of buildings assembled by a gentleman farmer in the early 19th century that remain intact today.It has since its construction been split into four contiguous lots on either side of the road totalling almost 20 acres (8.1 ha). In 1980 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Reminisce Cafe is a landmark album by Gene Summers released in 2008. It is his 50th anniversary Album (CD) issued by Seduction Records on February 1 2008 exactly 50 years to the day of the release of his first hit single School Of Rock 'n Roll/ Straight Skirt.
 Milorci is a village in the municipality of Ub Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 407 people.
 Congregation Agudas Achim Anshei Sfard more commonly known as The Adams Street Shul is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue located at 168 Adams Street in the village of Nonantum in Newton Massachusetts. Founded in 1911 it is the oldest synagogue in Newton. Its Romanesque Revival building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 16 1990.
 Beyond the Door is a low fantasy short story by Philip K. Dick first published in the January 1954 issue of Fantastic Universe. The plot follows a cuckoo clock which may or may not be intelligent and a cuckolded husband.
 Homeward Bound is an album by Harry Belafonte released by RCA Records in 1970.
 The Rusty-flanked Crake (Laterallus levraudi) is a species of bird in the Rallidae family.It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and water storage areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Brett Michael Kavanaugh (born February 12 1965) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. He was Staff Secretary in the Executive Office of the President of the United States under President George W. Bush.A protégé of Kenneth Starr Kavanaugh played a lead role in drafting the Starr report which urged the impeachment of President Bill Clinton. Kavanaugh also led the investigation into the suicide of Clinton aide Vincent Foster. After the 2000 U.S.
 Bayırdamı is a village in the District of Söke Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 71 people.
 Michal Drobný M.D.. (born 27 October 1934 Zeleneč Czechoslovakia (now Slovakia)) is a Slovak neurologist and politician. He was a member of the National Council between 1998 and 2002 representing the People's Party – Movement for a Democratic Slovakia.
 His Only Father is a 1919 short comedy film directed by Hal Roach and Frank Terry and starring Harold Lloyd. The film is believed to be lost.
 Vadamanappakkam is a village located in Tiruvannamalai district Tamil Nadu South India.
 John L. Freeman (born September 10 1954) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing District 60 since January 11 2011.
 Pseudohemiodon amazonus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the lower Amazon basin. This species grows to a length of 9.2 centimetres (3.6 in) SL.
 The Valea Dușilor River is a tributary of the Dobra River in Romania.
 BBM (Bruce-Baker-Moore) is the name of the short-lived power trio formed in 1993 by long established artists bassist Jack Bruce drummer Ginger Baker and guitarist Gary Moore. They released just one album entitled Around The Next Dream which was released on the Virgin record label. It reached Number 9 in the UK Albums Chart in the summer of 1994 but spent only four weeks in the listings.
 Meditation (subtitle: Aspect of Toshiko Akiyoshi Quartet) is a jazz album by pianist Toshiko Akiyoshi and her quartet recorded in Tokyo in late February 1971 and released in Japan by Dan Records.
 Qalat-e Khvar (Persian: قلات خوار‎ also Romanized as Qalāt-e Khvār and Qalātkhvār; also known as Ghalatkhar) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 466 in 119 families.
 Charles John Barnett (12 March 1790 – 4 August 1856) was an officer in the British Army who also served as a diplomat.He served in the 3rd Regiment of Foot. He reached the rank of captain in 1812 and lieutenant colonel in 1821. He took part in the Battle of Waterloo in 1815 and retired from the military in 1830.He was appointed Consul in Warsaw Poland on 31 May 1833. He was later appointed Consul-General in Egypt on 11 May 1841 which post he held till 17 August 1846 when he retired.
 Wellington Wells (April 18 1868-April 23 1954) was a Massachusetts lawyer and politician who served as President of the Massachusetts Senate from 1925 to 1928.Wells was the Assistant Clerk Superior Civil Court of Boston from 1895 to 1901. Wells was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1919. Wells was elected in 1920 to represent the fifth Suffolk Senatorial District of the Massachusetts Senate.
 Cabeça Dinossauro ao Vivo 2012 is the sixth live album released by Brazilian rock band Titãs. It consists on a live reproduction of their third album 1986's Cabeça Dinossauro. It was performed live and respecting the original tracks order. The album was released on CD DVD and Blu-ray formats and fans could acquire signed copies at a sign session promoted by the band at Livraria Cultura in São Paulo. The DVD images are all in black & white and some of the footage was taken among the crowd.
 Mormon Row is a line of homestead complexes along the Jackson-Moran Road near the southeast corner of Grand Teton National Park in the valley called Jackson Hole. The rural historic landscape's period of significance includes the construction of the Andy Chambers T.A. Moulton and John Moulton farms from 1908 to the 1950s. Six building clusters and a separate ruin illustrate Mormon settlement in the area and comprise such features as drainage systems barns fields and corrals.
 Signs of Chaos: The Best of Testament is a compilation album by Testament released in 1997.
 Dorothee Stapelfeldt (born 1953) is a German politician representative of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) and member of the Hamburg Parliament.Stapelfeldt was born in 1953 in Hamburg. She took her school exam in 1975 and studied history of art literary criticism and social and economic history at the University of Hamburg. In 1989 she earned a doctorate. She is married but living separated and has 2 children.Stapelfeldt ia a member of the (SPD) and the verdi union.
 Sir Nicholas Bayly 2nd Baronet (1709 – 9 December 1782) was a British landowner and Member of Parliament.
 Te Reo Maori Remixes is a remix album released in 1998 by New Zealand hip-hop group Upper Hutt Posse.
 Zhao Erfeng (1845–1911) courtesy name Jihe was a Qing Dynasty official and Chinese bannerman who belonged to the Plain Blue Banner. He is known for being the last amban in Tibet appointed in March 1908. Lien Yu a Manchu was appointed as the other amban.
 The Sligo Champion is a weekly regional newspaper published every Wednesday in Sligo Ireland. It is considered one of Ireland's leading regional newspapers.The Sligo Champion was founded in 1836. The first edition was published on 4 June 1836. The newspaper contains local news about County Sligo and surrounding counties including neighbouring parts of Counties Leitrim and Roscommon.It was bought by Independent News & Media in 2008.
 Hosabettu is a census town in Dakshina Kannada District in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is located near Moodbidri coming within limits Karnataka state.
 Meridian Hall is an historic house in the Columbia Heights neighborhood of Washington D.C.. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 1990 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 as the Mansion at 2401 15th Street NW.
 The Gray Checkered Whiptail (Cnemidophorus dixoni) is a species of lizard native to the United States in southern New Mexico and western Texas and northern Mexico. It was once considered a subspecies of the Common Checkered Whiptail Cnemidophorus tesselatus but was later granted full species status. It is one of many lizard species known to be parthenogenic. The epithet dixoni is in homage of renowned herpetologist James R. Dixon which leads some sources to refer to it as Dixon's Whiptail.
 El Fenómeno (English: The Phenomenon) is the first studio album by the Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Arcángel released on December 9 2008 by Machete Music.
 Piaskowiec [pjasˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostaszewo within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Ostaszewo 11 km (7 mi) west of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 The NT News is a morning tabloid newspaper based in Darwin Australia. It is a subsidiary of News Corp Australia owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. It primarily serves Darwin and the rest of the Northern Territory. It covers local national and world news as well as sports and business.The paper currently has a Monday to Friday readership average of 47000 reaching an average of 55000 on Saturdays.
 Mount Marathon or Marathon Mountain is a mountain directly west of Seward in the Kenai Mountains in the U.S. state of Alaska. The namesake of the mountain is the Mount Marathon Race held every Fourth of July.
 Larry Marek is a Democratic politician representing the 89th District in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2008.
 Sukhvor-e Rashid-e Olya (Persian: سوخوررشيد عليا‎ also Romanized as Sūkhvor-e Rashīd-e ‘Olyā Sūkhūr-e Rashīd-e ‘Olyā and Sūkhvor Rashīd-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Heydariyeh Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 40 families.
 The Lumber Exchange Building was a building located on U.S. Route 101 in South Bend Washington. It was built in 1907 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 19 1988.In February 2006 real estate company LANCO LLC announced an escrow deal to purchase the Lumber Exchange building as part of a development of two adjacent properties.
 Hohlestein is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Long-billed Wren-Babbler (Rimator malacoptilus) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.It is found in Bhutan India and southern China.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Filarmonico Kraken is the name of an live album by Colombian group Kraken It was released on December 15 2007 by Athena Productions.
 Los Angeles is an EP by Graf Orlock. It is inspired and based on the action/crime film Heat. It was released by Vitriol Records on April 10 2012. The first 7 pressing was limited to 200 copies while the second pressing is limited to 600.
 The Poganu River is a tributary of the Surdui River in Romania.
 Šuoikkatjávri is a lake in the municipalities of Kvænangen in Troms county and Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The somewhat S-shaped lake is about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) long and is only about 900 metres (3000 ft) wide.
 Francisco Nemenzo Jr. is a Filipino political scientist educator and activist and was the 18th president of the University of the Philippines. Born to the 'Father of Philippine coral taxonomy' Francisco Nemenzo Sr. he has become a prominent Marxist figure in the Philippine academe. He is Professor Emeritus of Political Science at the University of the Philippines Diliman and continues to teach courses in political philosophy and Philippine government at the Department of Political Science.
 Unearthed is a 2006 horror film directed by Matthew Leutwyler (Dead & Breakfast) and starring Emmanuelle Vaugier (Saw II) and Luke Goss. This monster movie opened on November 9 2007 as one of the 8 Films to Die For in the After Dark Films Horrorfest.
 The Orlanka or Orlanka River in eastern Poland is a tributary of the Narew River.
 Faultline is the second album of the American Avant-rock band Birdsongs of the Mesozoic released in 1989 through Cuneiform Records.
 Hıdıruşağı is a village in the District of Feke Adana Province Turkey.
 Only the Greatest is a 1968 album by Waylon Jennings on RCA Victor. It includes the single Only Daddy That'll Walk the Line which Jennings took to #2 on the country music charts that year. Walk On Out of My Mind also charted that year peaking at #5.
 Pust Mirom Pravit Lyubov is the first release of the group Neposedi in 1997. The tracks on this album includes the vocals of the successful alumni; Yulia Volkova Elena Katina Sergey Lazarev and Vlad Topalov.
 Roche à Perdrix is a mountain in Alberta's Rockies Canada.It is located south of Highway 16 on the eastern border of Jasper National Park and is part of the Fiddle Range one of the easternmost ranges of the Canadian Rockies. It is one of the first mountains upon entering the park from the east and is directly on the park border. In French perdrix means partridge and roche means rock.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the American rock band Styx. It was released by A&M Records on August 22 1995.This album essentially replaced Styx's previous greatest hits album Styx - Classics Volume 15 which was released by A&M in 1987. That previous album had excluded the hit song Lady because the song was originally recorded for and released through Wooden Nickel Records (which also had a distribution arrangement with RCA Records).
 Michael Kijana Wamalwa (25 November 1944 – 23 August 2003) was a Kenyan politician and at the time of his death Kenya's Vice-President.
 The Aar or Aare (German Aare) a tributary of the High Rhine is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within Switzerland.Its total length from its source to its junction with the Rhine comprises about 295 km (183 miles) during which distance it descends 1565 m (5135 ft) draining an area of 17779 km2 (6865 sq mi) almost entirely within Switzerland and accounting for close to half the area of the country including all of Central Switzerland..
 Dasysyrphus pinastri is a European species of hoverfly.
 Shadow Magic (simplified Chinese: 西洋镜; traditional Chinese: 西洋鏡; pinyin: Xīyángjìng) is a 2000 film directed and co-written by Ann Hu. The film was a US-China co-production starring Xia Yu Jared Harris and Xing Yufei. The movie was Ann Hu's directorial debut.
 The Journal of Romance Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Berghahn Books on behalf of the Institute of Germanic and Romance Studies (London) covering studies on linguistics literature performing and visual arts material culture intellectual and cultural history critical and cultural theory psychoanalysis gender studies social sciences and anthropology of those parts of the world that speak or have spoken Romance languages.
 Parippally is a village town in Kollam district Kerala India. Paripally town is 26 km away from Kollam city centre along the NH66. It is just 2 km away from the border of Kollam district on the way to Trivandrum District.
 Nagiun (Persian: نگيون‎ also Romanized as Nagīūn) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Major-General Maung Oo (born 1952) is a prominent member of the military government of Burma. He served as Minister of Home Affairs for many years.
 Prose Studies: History Theory Criticism is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on non-fictional prose from all periods. It covers subjects such as literature literary history biography and autobiography and literary genres. It was established in 1977 as Prose Studies 1800-1900 and obtained its current name in 1980.
 Ardeshiri-ye Sofla (Persian: اردشيري سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ardeshīrī-ye Soflá; also known as Ardeshīrī-ye Ḩoseynābād and Ardeshīrī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Sornabad Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 35 families.
 Sinur (Persian: سينور‎ also Romanized as Sīnūr; also known as Senowr) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 11 families.
 Confessions Illustrated was a black-and-white magazine published by EC Comics in early 1956. Part of EC's Picto-Fiction line each magazine featured three to five stories. The format alternated blocks of text with several illustrations per page.The first issue had a cover date of January–February 1956 but the second issue was the last. A third issue existed but was not printed by EC.
 Martha N. Johnson (born 1952) is a human resources executive most widely known for her political and federal government work most recently as the U.S. Administrator of General Services from 2010 to 2012. Johnson resigned on April 2 2012 following a scathing Inspector General report that revealed a gross misuse of taxpayer dollars on an internal conference that was excessive wasteful and in some cases impermissible.
 Bidaran-e Now (Persian: بيدران نو‎ also Romanized as Bīdarān-e Now; also known as Bīdarān-e Bālā Deh Davang and Dowdānag-e Bīdarān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 417 in 94 families.
 Spławy Drugie [ˈspwavɨ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśnik within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Kraśnik and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 The knobbly anemone Bunodosoma capensis is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.
 Coronidia subpicta is a moth of the Sematuridae family. It is known from the Neotropics including Costa Rica.The wingspan is 52-59 mm.The larvae feed on a wide range of plants including Oreopanax Gesneriaceae Ardisia Myrsine Piperaceae Solanum Ludwigia and Clavija species. The caterpillars have rows of black spines either side of the dorsal midline and five pairs of prolegs.
 Noqreh Deh (Persian: نقره ده‎; also known as Nakordedi Noghreh Deh Noqar Deh and Nowkhowrdeh) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1046 in 288 families.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād; also known as Gāv Kadeh and Kāvak Deh) is a village in Kasma Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 364 in 100 families.
 Stigmella progonopis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in New Zealand.The length of the forewings is about 3 mm. Adults have been recorded in January and February. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Dracophyllum traversii Dracophyllum longifolium Dracophyllum menziesii and Gaultheria crassa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a long linear gallery originating near the leaf-base.
 Shrimps for a Day is a 1934 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 133rd Our Gang short (45th talking episode) that was released.
 Henry John Selwin-Ibbetson 1st Baron Rookwood (26 September 1826-15 January 1902) known as Sir Henry Selwin-Ibbetson Bt from 1869 to 1892 was a British Conservative politician. He served under Benjamin Disraeli as Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department between 1874 and 1878 and as Financial Secretary to the Treasury between 1878 and 1880.
 The AEGON Center is a skyscraper in Downtown Louisville Kentucky and located at 400 West Market Street. The 35-story 549-foot (167 m) high structure was designed by architect John Burgee with Philip Johnson and was completed in 1993 at the cost of US$100 million.
 Bolitaenidae is a family of small common pelagic octopuses found in all tropical and temperate oceans of the world. The family's taxonomy is not entirely certain; recent research suggests there should be just two genera Bolitaena and Japetella both of which are thought to be monotypic. Under this view the family would represent two very similar species: Bolitaena pygmaea and Japetella diaphana.
 Owjur (Persian: اوجور‎ also Romanized as Owjūr; also known as Lūjūr) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 456 in 88 families.
 Keď sa raz oči dohodnú is the eight studio album by the Modus band released on OPUS Records in 1988.
 Pokhara is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Rock & Roll Is Dead is the sixth studio album released by the Swedish rock band The Hellacopters. The first edition of the CD came with a 25 minute bonus DVD entitled Poking at the Stiff and chronicled the second of the two weeks of recording the album. The vinyl release had seven different colors of the vinyl: brown green white clear orange red and black.
 The Songstress is the debut solo album by the American R&B/soul singer Anita Baker. It was originally released in 1983 by Beverly Glen Music and was Baker's only album for that label prior to signing with Elektra Records with whom she had a string of hit albums.
 Exiles is a 2004 French film by Tony Gatlif. The film follows two young bohemians Zano and Naima. After having sex the two spontaneously decide that they will travel to Algeria where Naima's parents come from and where Zano's (Romain Duris) pied-noir parents were once exiled. Their adventurous journey to Algiers is full of character exploration relationship hiccups and imagery. The film was also a homecoming for Gatlif himself seeing him return to Algeria 43 years after he left.
 Ługi Wałeckie [ˈwuɡi vaˈwɛt͡skʲɛ] (German: Karlsruhe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.
 Amnicolidae is a family of small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Rissooidea.This family is in the clade Littorinimorpha (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005). This family was previously considered to be a subfamily of Hydrobiidae.
 Burma Today is a weekly newspaper published in Burma.
 The Nine Partners Meeting House and Cemetery is located at the junction of NY state highway 343 and Church Street in the village of Millbrook New York United States. The meeting house the third one on the site was built by a group of Friends (Quakers) from the Cape Cod region Nantucket and Rhode Island in 1780.It was the largest meeting in the Hudson Valley and many other meetings split off from it.
 Motipur is a Village Development Committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5601 people residing in 927 individual households.
 Prosiren is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 March Comes in Like a Lion (3月のライオン Sangatsu no Raion lit. March Lion; alternatively called Sangatsu no Lion or 3gatsu no Lion; officially translated as March Comes in Like a Lion) is an ongoing manga series by Chica Umino best known for Honey and Clover. It began serialization in Hakusensha's seinen manga magazine Young Animal from its fourteenth issue in 2007 (published on July 13 2007).
 Wielki Las [ˈvjɛlki ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Pisz and 85 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Sarı Süleyman Paşa or Sarı Süleyman Ağa (Bosnian: Sari Sulejman-paša; died 14 October 1687) was an Ottoman statesman of Bosnian origin. He was grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire from 18 November 1685 to 18 September 1687. He was executed after the defeat of the Ottoman forces in the Battle of Mohács (1687).In Turkish his epithet sarı means blond (haired).
 Tavilehgah-e Sofla (Persian: طويله گاه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ţavīlehgāh-e Soflá; also known as Ţavīleh-ye Gāv and Ţavīleh-ye Soflá) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 7 families.
 Sri Ram Sagar is a reservoir across the River Godavari near Nirmal town in Andhra Pradesh India.The reservoir is formed by the Pochampad Dam. It was built up to serve the farmers of Telangana Region of Andhra Pradesh. When completed it could hold 120 Million Cubic Metres of water at its peak. Its back waters extended into the neighboring state of Maharashtra at least 150 kilometres (93 mi) from the actual site of the dam.
 Stop Thief! is a 1901 British short silent drama film directed by James Williamson showing tramp getting his come-uppance after stealing some meat from a butcher and his dogs. One of the first true 'chase' films made not just in Britain but anywhere else according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline.
 Ward-Force House and Condit Family Cook House is located in Livingston Essex County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1745 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 29 1981.
 Remote Memory: A Tribute to Elliott Smith is a 2006 Tribute album to Elliott Smith. The album features Sydney's best artists including Marty Willson-Piper from The Church with his rendition of 'Everything Means Nothing'.
 Bedford Creek a perennial stream of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 Frank La Rue (born in 1952) is a Guatemalan labor and human rights lawyer currently serving as UN Special Rapporteur on the Promotion and Protection of the Right to Freedom of Opinion and Expression a position he has held since August 2008. He is the founder of the Center for Legal Action for Human Rights (CALDH) and has been involved in the promotion of human rights for over 25 years.
 The Bunejug Mountains are a mountain range in Churchill County Nevada.
 Willoughby Run is a tributary of Marsh Creek in Adams County Pennsylvania in the United States.Willoughby Run flows southward between Herr Ridge and McPherson Ridge through the Gettysburg Battlefield.
 Lake Preston is a lake located adjacent to and northeast of the city of Lake Preston South Dakota. The lake is near and directly north of Lake Whitewood.
 Tennessee's Partner (1955) is a Western film starring Ronald Reagan in what Peter Bogdanovich called his most likeable performance. It co-starred John Payne as Tennessee.It was directed by Allan Dwan who lived to be 96 and had a 52-year directorial career.While the movie is based upon one of Bret Harte's most popular short stories it departs significantly from the original story line.
 The Sitnica River (pronounced [sǐtnitsa]) is a river that flows through Podgorica Montenegro.
 Acrioceratidae is a family of heteromorph ammonites included in the Ancyloceratoidea comprising ancyloceratid-like forms that start off with a coiled juvenile section followed by a straight or curved shaft ending in a hook. Two described genera are included Acrioceras and Dissimilites.The Acrioceratidae form a link or evolutionary transition between the loosely coiled Crioceratidae and the commonly tuberculate and heavy hooked Ancyloceratidae.
 Wingan Inlet is an inlet within the Croajingolong National Park in the East Gippsland region of Victoria Australia.
 Sky High is a 2005 American superhero family comedy film about an airborne school for teenage superheroes. It was directed by Mike Mitchell and written by Paul Hernandez Robert Schooley and Mark McCorkle.
 Toxotes kimberleyensis is a species of archerfish found in the Kimberley region of western Australia. It was first named by Allen in 2004 and is commonly known as the Kimberley archerfish largescale archerfish or western archerfish.Members of this species once were thought to belong to a different species Toxotes oligolepis but direct comparison with the type material of T.
 La Guita is a 1970 Argentine film.
 Calathosoma rubromarginatum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Calathosoma.
 Sterba's corydoras (Corydoras sterbai) is a member of the South American Corydoras genus of freshwater aquarium catfish and one of the most popular species of Corydoras due to its attractive markings.Sterba's Cory is distinguishable from other Corydoras species as it has white spots on its head from eyes down to snout. It is occasionally confused with Corydoras haraldschultzi; the difference is that the latter has a pattern of black dots on a white background on the head C.
 Lake Mai-Ndombe (French: Lac Mai-Ndombe) is a large freshwater lake in the Mai-Ndombe District of the Bandundu Province in western Democratic Republic of the Congo. The lake is within the Tumba-Ngiri-Maindombe area the largest Wetland of International Importance recognized by the Ramsar Convention in the world.
 Fresno City Hall is a Post-modern Futurism structure in Fresno California. The building serves as the seat of city government and the location of mayor the Fresno City Council chambers.The building was designed by Canadian architect Arthur Erickson in 1992.
 Who I Am was the third studio album released by Beverley Knight in March 2002 by Parlophone Records. It entered the UK albums chart at #7 and remains her highest charting album to date.
 Eudendrium deforme is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 The Barberry Geometer Moth or Barberry Looper (Coryphista meadii) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the United States and southern Canada.The wingspan is 30–36 mm. There are two forms. The typical form is dark brown while form badiaria has orangish-brown antemedial and subterminal bands. The hindwings are pale grayish-brown with variably distinct lines and a toothed/wavy margin.Adults are on wing from April to October.
 Scott Milne Matheson (January 8 1929 - October 7 1990) was the 12th Governor of Utah from 1977 to 1985. He is currently the last Democrat to serve in that position.Matheson was born on January 8 1929 in Chicago Illinois to LDS parents Scott Milne and Adele Adams Matheson.
 Wiesbach (Usa) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Xystochroma chloropus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bates in 1879.
 Behind the Paint is the 2003 autobiography of American hip hop artist Joseph Bruce better known as Violent J one half of the Detroit Michigan hip hop group Insane Clown Posse. The book focuses on Bruce's entire life up until 2002. It begins with a chronological account of his childhood professional wrestling career and musical career including the conception of Insane Clown Posse's Dark Carnival mythology and the development of their fan base known as Juggalos.
 Conrad in Quest of His Youth is a 1920 silent film dramedy directed by William C. deMille and starring Thomas Meighan. The film is based on a novel Conrad in Search of His Youth by Leonard Merrick adapted and written for the screen by Olga Printzlau. This film survives at the Library of Congress.
 French singer-songwriter Renaud's second unnamed studio album is commonly known as Laisse béton although it is sometimes referred to as Place de ma mob after the wall inscription on the album cover. It was released in 1977 by Polydor Records.
 Dr. Erik Severson (February 3 1974) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.Born in Duluth Minnesota Dr. Severson graduated with a BS from the University of Minnesota Duluth and attained an MD from the Mayo Medical School. Severson was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010.
 Wiggle Time is the first full-length feature home video from The Wiggles. It was released in 1993. It contains songs from the albums The Wiggles Here Comes a Song and Stories and Songs: The Adventures of Captain Feathersword the Friendly Pirate. It also contains 2 songs recorded such as Fruit Salad and Marching Along. The characters Captain Feathersword Dorothy the Dinosaur and Henry the Octopus also make their first appearances.
 Lago di Poggio Perotto is a lake in the Province of Grosseto Tuscany Italy.
 Red Shadows is a collection of Fantasy short stories and poems by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in 1968 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 896 copies. The stories and poems feature Howard's character Solomon Kane. Many of the stories first appeared in the magazine Weird Tales.
 Rowdy Alludu (Telugu: రౌడీ అల్లుడు; English: Rowdy son-in-law) is a 1991 Tollywood film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. This film stars Chiranjeevi Shobana and Divya Bharati.
 Varchak (Persian: ورچك‎) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 314 in 54 families.
 First Baptist Church is a historic baptist church at 3rd and Main Streets in Dayton Oregon.The church building was constructed in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Michèle Tabarot (born October 13 1962 Alicante Spain) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Alpes-Maritimes 9th constituency and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
 Something About Amelia is a 1984 TV movie which explores family trauma caused by incest. The film starred Ted Danson Glenn Close Missy Francis and Roxana Zal. Zal became the youngest primetime Emmy-winner in history for her work.
 Adulis serratalis is a species of snout moth. It is found in Gambia.
 Lorenzo A. Kelsey (February 22 1803 – February 13 1890) was the mayor of Cleveland in 1848.Kelsey was born to Eber and Lucy Ann Leete Kelsey in Port Leyden New York where he was locally educated. He later moved to Youngstown to work in the lumber industry. Kelsey and his wife Sophia Smith (1806–1893) from Windsor Connecticut moved to Cleveland in 1837 after which he became the manager of the Cleveland House Hotel.
 == Release ==Takeover Records released its second issue of 3-Way on June 28 2005.It was released with three bands: Takeover's own Near Miss (band) Reeve Oliver and The Matches. Each band has three songs on the CD. The songs included on this EP by The Matches were co produced engineered and mixed by Mikael Johnston founder of Mephisto Odyssey and Dresden and Johnston.
 General Lord Charles Henry Somerset PC (12 December 1767 – 18 February 1831) born in Badminton England was a British soldier politician and colonial administrator. He was governor of the Cape Colony South Africa from 1814 to 1826.
 Bonakas (Northern Sami: Bonjákas) is a village in Deatnu-Tana Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village lies on the western bank of the Tana River just north of the village of Rustefjelbma.Historically Bonakas has been inhabited by the Sami people and Kven people more recently newcomers from the more southern parts of Norway and Finland have moved in. However Tana municipality unlike Porsanger has not declared Kven an official language.
 The dunes sagebrush lizard Sceloporus arenicolus (formerly known as the sand dune lizard and the dunes-sagebrush lizard Sceloporus graciosus arenicolus a subspecies of sagebrush lizard) is an insectivorous spiny lizard species which only occurs in the shinnery oak sand dune systems of extreme southeast New Mexico and only four counties in adjacent Texas. Sceloporus arenicolus has the second-smallest range of all lizards in the United States.
 Complex Systems is an interdisciplinary scientific journal. Its subject matter of complex systems ranges across a number of more narrow scientific and engineering fields.The journal was established in 1987 by founding editor Stephen Wolfram inventor of Mathematica and promulgator of cellular automata. The topics of research covered include a diverse range of fields such as biology computer science mathematics and physics.
 Sirenian Shores is an EP by the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia. It includes a remix of Save Me from Myself (from the second album An Elixir for Existence) an acoustic version of Meridian (from the first album At Sixes and Sevens) and three new songs: Sirenian Shores Obire Mortem and a cover of Leonard Cohen's First We Take Manhattan. The EP was released on 11 October 2004 by Napalm Records.
 Eva Cheng Yu-wah GBS JP (; born 1960 Hong Kong) was the Secretary for Transport and Housing and the chairman of the Hong Kong Housing Authority in the Hong Kong Government.She joined as a civil servant in the Administrative Service in 1983.Cheng has served in various bureaux and departments in the government including Deputy Head of the Central Policy Unit (1996–1998) Deputy Director of Administration (1997) Deputy Secretary for Information Technology and Broadcasting (later renamed Deputy Secretary for Commerce Industry and Technology) (1998–2003) Commissioner for Tourism (2003–2006) and Permanent Secretary for Economic Development and Labour (Economic Development) (2006–2007).
 Neptis gratiosa is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo (Sankuru and Shaba) northern Zambia Mozambique north-western Tanzania and Kenya. The habitat consists of grassy woodland.
 Journey Into My Mind is a free jazz album by Terumasa Hino. It was released in 1974 under Sony Records as SRCS 9330.
 Brent Talley is a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives representing the 3rd district. In 2013 Talley chaired a special committee aimed at reforming legislative ethics laws in Arkansas.
 The Bonito River (Canoinhas River) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Paraná River basin.
 The Maritsa Hotel (Bulgarian: Хотел Марица) is a Bulgarian four-star hotel located in Plovdiv.
 Bellamy is a French murder mystery film released in 2009. It is the last film directed by Claude Chabrol.
 Caeneressa longipennis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1862. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland areas.
 When Knighthood Was in Flower is a 1922 silent historical film based on the novel When Knighthood Was in Flower by Charles Major and play by Paul Kester. The film was produced by William Randolph Hearst (or his Cosmopolitan Productions) for his 'live-in companion' Marion Davies and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The director was veteran Robert G. Vignola who helmed several of Davies costume romances. This was William Powell's second film.
 Mansfield is a historic plantation home located near Petersburg Dinwiddie County Virginia. It was built in stages starting about 1750 and is a 1 1/2-story long and narrow frame dwelling with a hipped roof. It has a hipped roof rear ell connected to the main house by a hyphen. It features an octastyle Colonial Revival porch stretching the full length of the front facade.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Genavi (Persian: گنوي‎ also Romanized as Genāvī; also known as Ganaveh and Gināvi) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 15 families.
 Frontier Ballads is a studio album released by Pete Seeger in 1954 by Folkways Records.
 Lüllemäe is a village in Valga County in southern Estonia. It's the administrative centre of Karula Parish. Lüllemäe has a population of 202 (as of 1 January 2004).Lüllemäe is home to Karula St. Mary's church. The church was first mentioned in 1392 but it is believed to have been built in 1318. Meanwhile it has been demolished several times last in the World War II in 1944. The latest new church was built in 1997. There are also four historical cemeteries in Lüllemäe.
 The Indaiá River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 It Takes Two is a 1995 film starring Kirstie Alley Steve Guttenberg and Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen. The movie title was taken from the song It Takes Two song by Marvin Gaye and Kim Weston which was featured in the closing credits. It Takes Two boasts some similarities to Walt Disney's The Parent Trap and Mark Twain's The Prince and the Pauper which was pointed out in Leonard Maltin's review of the film.
 Hyperolius acuticephalus is a species of frogs endemic to the Central African Republic.Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Heligmosomoides polygyrus (formerly known as Nematospiroides dubius) is a common parasitic nematode found in the duodenum and small intestine of woodmice and other rodents.They are 5-20 mm in length and bright red due to the pigmentation of their tissues. They are usually heavily coiled with the female having 12-15 coils and the male 8-12.
 Slepčević (Serbian Cyrillic: Слепчевић) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Šabac municipality in the Mačva District. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1714 people (2002 census).
 The Uinkaret volcanic field is an area of monogenetic volcanoes in northwestern Arizona United States located on the north rim of the Grand Canyon.Lava flows from the Uinkaret volcanic field that have cascaded down into the Grand Canyon damming the Colorado River have been used to date the canyon's carving. One of these cascades is today's Lava Falls.
 Musaabad (Persian: موسي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mūsáābād) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 10 families.
 Qadri Jamil (Arabic: قدري جميل) is a Syrian politician media editor and economist. He is one of the top leaders of the People's Will Party and the Popular Front for Change and Liberation and a former member of the Assad government having been dismissed from the post of deputy prime minister for economic affairs; minister of internal trade and consumer Protection on 29 October 2013.
 Alberto Vaquina is the Prime Minister of Mozambique appointed by President Armando Guebuza on 8 October 2012. He replaced Aires Ali who was sacked in a cabinet reshuffle.Vaquina previously served as Governor of Tete Province from 2010 to 2012.
 Reflections is the fourth studio album of Finnish metal band Apocalyptica released in 2003 with a special-edition entitled Reflections Revised released in the later part of 2003 containing a DVD as well as the original album with five bonus tracks. The original slipcase cover is a picture of a burning cello which is also seen in the inside traycard of all versions.
 Jungle Emperor (ジャングル大帝 Jungle Taitei) titled in English as Kimba the White Lion is an anime series from the 1960s. Created by Osamu Tezuka and based on his manga of the same title which began publication in 1950 it was the first color animated television series created in Japan. The manga was first published in serialized form in Manga Shōnen magazine. The anime was produced by Mushi Production.
 Attakathi (Tamil: அட்டகத்தி ; English: Card Board Knife ) is a 2012 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film directed by Pa. Ranjith a former assistant of Venkat Prabhu. Produced by Thirukumaran Entertainment and distributed by Studio Green it stars Dinesh Nandita and Aishwarya. The film garnered attention after being praised and promoted by several acclaimed directors. It released on 15 August 2012 on the Independence Day of India.
 Weymouth Fore River is a small bay or estuary in eastern Massachusetts and is part of the Massachusetts Bay watershed.The headwater of Weymouth Fore River is formed by the confluence of the Monatiquot River and Smelt Brook in the Weymouth Landing area of Braintree. From Weymouth Landing the tidal river marks the boundary between Braintree and Weymouth flowing NE for 0.5 miles (0.80 km) and then N for 0.5 miles (0.80 km) before widening considerably and turning WNW for 0.7 miles (1.1 km).
 Exilisia nebulosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1958. It is found on Madagascar.
 Jenni is the tenth studio album from EMI recording artist Jenni Rivera and the fourteenth overall. The album was released in the United States Mexico and Canada on September 9 2008. The album features the hit banda song Chuper Amigos and the hit single Culpable o Inocente. The album entered the U.S. Top Latin Albums chart at #1.Jenni Rivera collaborated with notable producers and song writers including Camilo Blanes Amerika Jimenez Dany Tomas Yaredt Leon Manuel E.
 Leroy S. Bendheim (1906 - June 18 1987) was a two-term mayor of Alexandria Virginia and three-term Virginia state senator.
 The Hetea River is a tributary of the Araci River in Romania.
 A Hundred Times or More is Phosphorescent's debut album. The LP was released via Athens Georgia-based label Warm Records. It was released on August 19 2003.
 Eupithecia subanis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Marischal College is a large granite building on Broad Street in the centre of Aberdeen in north-east Scotland and since 2011 has acted as the headquarters of Aberdeen City Council. However the building was constructed for and is on long-term lease from the University of Aberdeen which still uses parts of the building to house a museum and for ceremonial events.
 Anthony Gregory Brown (born November 21 1961) is a Democratic Party politician from the State of Maryland; he is the eighth and current Lieutenant Governor of Maryland and is currently running for Governor of Maryland. Brown was elected as Lieutenant Governor in 2006 on a ticket with Governor Martin O'Malley. Both were reelected in 2010. Brown previously served two terms in the Maryland House of Delegates representing Prince George's County.
 Reel 'N' Roll is a Rawlins Cross album. It is the band's third album released in April 1993 by Ground Swell.
 The Kwilu River is a major river that originates in Angola and flows north through Bandundu Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) to the city of Bandundu where it joins the Kwango River just before this stream enters the Kasai River.
 Julianowo [julʲaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Barcin 18 km (11 mi) east of Żnin and 27 km (17 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 169.
 Building at 140 W. Main Street is a historic home located at Newark in New Castle County Delaware. It was built in 1885 and is a three story L shaped frame residence in the Second Empire style. It was built as a single family home but later divided into apartments. Also on the property is a carriage house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Trashed Lost & Strungout is a single and an EP released by the melodic death metal band Children of Bodom on Spinefarm Records. It was released on October 25 2004. Unlike most EPs it was released on CD and DVD. The CD includes 3 other songs and the DVD includes the single and 9 other songs. This track has also appeared in Children of Bodom's album Are You Dead Yet?.
 Common names: mountain pitviper mountain viper more.Ovophis monticola is a venomous pitviper species found in Asia. Currently five subspecies are recognized including the nominate subspecies described here. Recent taxonomic work suggests that most of these should be considered as separate species. IUCN has already evaluated O. m. makazayazaya as Ovophis makazayazaya.
 Paramelania iridescens is a species of tropical freshwater snail with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.
 Caprona alida commonly known as the Spotted Angle is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae. It is found in Sri Lanka Burma Siam Vietnam Thailand Laos Hainan and southern China.
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre abbreviated SHSC and known simply as Sunnybrook is an academic health sciences centre located in Toronto Ontario.It is the largest trauma centre in Canada and is one of two major trauma centres in Toronto; the other is St. Michael's Hospital.
 Where the Beat Meets the Street is the second studio album by Grateful Dead rhythm guitarist Bob Weir and his side-project Bobby and the Midnites. The album reached number 166 on the Billboard 200.
 Armed to the Teeth is the second studio album by the American rock band Abandoned Pools. It was released on September 27 2005 though Universal Records. The album is preceded by The Reverb EP released June 7. The album draws on traditional progressive rock elements combining them with diverse elements ranging from Mexican folk music to German polka.
 Super Jam is a live studio recording featuring jazz pop and traditional standards many of them film scores included in the German TV series Villa Fantastica. The album featured the series' musical director Brian Auger on piano Pete York on drums Dick Morrissey on tenor saxophone Roy Williams on trombone Harvey Weston on bass guitar plus the singers Zoot Money and Maria Muldaur.
 Pimpalner is a small town in Parner Taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra India.Pimpalner has a beautiful TEMPLE named Sant Nilobaraya which is in the west side of town. It belongs to Nashik Division. It is located 49 km to the west of District headquarters Ahmednagar. 12 km from Parner. 189 km from State capital Mumbai.
 Viviana is a 1916 short drama film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 Pianotarium is a piano tribute album to Metallica by Scott D. Davis. It contains eight piano covers of Metallica songs and three original compositions. Davis had been a Metallica fan since his teenage years; explaining the genesis of the album to the Sacramento News & Review he said: I’ve been a huge Metallica fan since I was 14 and have wanted to do this album for a long time. I had a hunch that their music could sound really amazing on the piano.
 Veja (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈveʒɐ] English: See) is a Brazilian weekly newsmagazine published in São Paulo and distributed throughout the country by the media conglomerate Grupo Abril. It is the leading weekly publication in the country and one of the most influential outlets of the Brazilian press.Veja publishes articles about politics economics culture behavior world events entertainment and wars. It treats subjects as technology ecology and religion with certain regularity.
 Lake Parrish built in the middle of the 1970s by Florida Power & Light (FPL) is a lake that provides water to be used for the Manatee power plant. This lake is surrounded by grassland except on the southwest corner where the power plant is located. This lake is somewhat rectangular and is surrounded on the south west north and the northeast by a long levee. Two access roads originate at the power plant and extend into the lake far to the north and east.
 The Devil's Gondola (Italian:La gondola del diavolo) is a 1946 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Campogalliani and starring Loredana Carlo Lombardi and Erminio Spalla.
 Ghostly Swim is a free download album released in 2008 by Adult Swim and Ghostly International (through Williams Street Records). The track listing contains songs arranged and recorded in an unusual Avant-garde style of pop rock and hip hop.
 The Deadly Mantis is a 1957 science fiction film produced by William Alland for Universal-International Pictures. It was directed by Nathan Juran from a screenplay by Martin Berkeley and starred Craig Stevens William Hopper Alix Talton and Pat Conway. It was filmed in black and white and runs for 1 hour and 19 minutes.In February 1997 The Deadly Mantis was featured as an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000.
 The Beaver River is a 23.4-mile-long (37.7 km) river in Lake County Minnesota. It flows into Lake Superior.
 John O. Stinson is an American civil engineer and town administrator who served as Town Manager of Saugus Massachusetts Ipswich Massachusetts and Hanover New Hampshire.
 Trifurcula luteola is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is known from the Mediterranean region in south-western France.The wingspan is 5.6-6.7 mm for males. Adults were found in July and August.
 The Rage (Italian: La Rabbia) is a 2008 Italian film directed by Louis Nero.
 Galovac is a village in Croatia.
 Jackson Kléper Lago (November 1 1934 – April 4 2011) was a Brazilian physician and politician. He served as governor of Maranhão from January 1 2007 to April 16 2009 when the Brazilian Supreme Electoral Court repealed his term. Before being elected governor of Maranhão Lago was the mayor of São Luís on three occasions (1989–1992 1997–2000 and 2001–2002).
 Yuz Bashi (Persian: يوزباشي‎ also Romanized as Yūz Bāshī; also known as Yoozbash Cha’i and Yūzmāshe) is a village in Shivanat Rural District Afshar District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 19 families.
 Spasm is the title of English metal band Peach's fifth release released in 1993. It was originally released as a 2-track 7 Vinyl and is now extremely rare. This song has been covered in concert by the band Tool who Peach's former bass player Justin Chancellor is now a part of.
 Bordesley Junction (grid reference SP084864) is a canal junction where the Grand Union Canal splits near to Bordesley Birmingham England. It opened in 1844 when the Birmingham and Warwick Junction Canal was built as part of a scheme to bypass the congestion at the Farmers Bridge flight of locks.
 Bramante is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 159 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Bramante is named for the Italian architect Donato Bramante who lived from 1444 to 1514.
 Kula Gotralu or Kulagotralu (Telugu: కులగోత్రాలు) is a 1962 Telugu Drama film directed by Kotayya Pratyagatma and produced by Anumolu Venkata Subba Rao under Prasad Art Pictures.It is a musical hit with music score composed by Salur Rajeshwar Rao. The ever memorable comic song Ayyayo Chetilo Dabbulu Poyene by Madhavapeddi Satyam on Playing cards and its sequelae was very popular. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu certificate of merit in 1963.
 The Liljestrand House at 3300 Tantalus Drive in Honolulu Hawaii was designed by Vladimir Ossipoff for Betty and Howard Liljestrand a doctor and nurse who had bought the hillside site overlooking leeward Oahu in 1948. Completed in 1952 the house was perhaps Ossipoff's most intricate as well as his most widely publicized domestic commission. After it was featured in House Beautiful magazine as a Pace Setter House in 1958 it attracted hundreds of visitors in organized weekly tours.
 Bällstaån or Spångaån (Swedish: Stream of Bällsta/Spånga) is a small stream in northern Stockholm. Flowing through the municipalities of Järfälla Stockholm Sundbyberg and Solna it empties in the bay Bällstaviken the innermost part of Ulvsundasjön.Some 14 km of the stream is passing through culverts and long stretches of it have been straitened out to form part of the local stormwater system.
 Lac de Grand-Lieu is a lake located to the south-west of Nantes in the Loire-Atlantique France and almost entirely in Saint-Philbert-de-Grand-Lieu. At an elevation of 5 m its surface area is 62.92 km² making it the largest lake in France in winter but second after Lac du Bourget in summer.The lake is classified as a Local Nature Reserve and use of boats on the lake are prohibited for all but a small number of licensed professional fishermen.
 Kavindapadi is located in the Erode District of Tamil Nadu INDIA which is one of the major producers of sugar in India. It is also famous for its agriculture producing the lump sum amount of sugarcane and bananas to the people of Tamil Nadu. kavindapadi is located on the way of Erode to Sathyamangalam.Kavindapadi can be easily identified with Four Roads Junction on the way to Sathy from Erode.
 The Sorcerer’s Apprentice is a novel by François Augiéras. First published in France in 1964 as L'apprenti sorcier it was translated into English by Sue Dyson in 2001 and published by Pushkin Press.
 Die Judenbuche (The Jew's Beech) is a novella written by Annette von Droste-Hülshoff and first published in 1842. The beech tree becomes a significant symbol in the story. It has been considered as potentially one of the first murder mysteries and is indeed often viewed as a crime thriller or Gothic fiction. The book is full of implications and red herrings while there is no definitive answer as to what actually happened.
 Desolation Boulevard is the third album by Sweet and their second released in 1974. It contains the original variant of one of the band's best known songs Fox on the Run. (The U.S. version also includes the smash The Ballroom Blitz.) Most of the songs from the US version have been covered by different bands. For example AC/DC was covered by Joan Jett in 2006 and by Vince Neil in 2010.
 Shatter is a digital comic created by Peter B. Gillis and Mike Saenz and published by First Comics. A dystopian science fiction fantasy somewhat in the mold of Blade Runner Shatter was written by Gillis and illustrated on the computer by Saenz. Shatter was the first commercially published all-digital comic i.e.
 University Hospital of Wales (Welsh: Ysbyty Athrofaol Cymru) (UHW) is a major 1000-bed hospital situated in the Heath district of Cardiff Wales. UHW is a teaching hospital of Cardiff University School of Medicine. Constructed between 1963-1971 at a cost of £22 million it was Europe's first fully integrated hospital and medical school. The hospital was officially opened in 1971 and is the third largest University Hospital in the UK and the largest hospital in Wales.
 Turbonilla guanacastensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Stenodacma pyrrhodes is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It has a wide range and has been recorded from Australia India Japan South Africa China Nepal Pakistan Sri Lanka Vietnam Thailand and Korea.The wingspan is 10–11 millimetres (0.39–0.43 in).
 Fritzolenellus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites with three known species. It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period. Fritzolenellus occurred in parts of the paleocontinent Laurentia in what are now Northwestern Canada Northwestern Scotland and North-Greenland.
 Chobot [ˈxɔbɔt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Halinów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Halinów 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 28 km (17 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Lisowo [liˈsɔvɔ] (formerly German Vossberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Chociwel 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 48 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 344.
 Engaging the Muslim World (ISBN 0230607543) is a 2009 non-fiction book about the relationship between the United States and the Arab and Muslim worlds written by University of Michigan historian Juan Cole. His goal in writing the book was to illustrate the true Muslim perspective towards the U.S. and explain why that has developed.
 Naborów [naˈbɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeg Dolny within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Pink Flamingos is a 1972 American transgressive black comedy exploitation film written produced composed shot edited and directed by John Waters. When the film was initially released it caused a huge degree of controversy due to the wide range of perverse acts performed in explicit detail. It has since become one of the most notorious films ever made and made an underground star of the flamboyant drag queen actor Divine.
 Arbat (Persian: اربط‎ also Romanized as Arbaţ) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 14 families.
 Ezra Douglas Whitaker (December 11 1874 – October 24 1936) was an American bank executive and politician who served as the eleventh Mayor of North Adams Massachusetts.Whitaker the son of Valmore A. and Emma Louise (Beckwith) Whitaker was born at North Adams Massachusetts on December 11 1874.
 First Baptist Church (Main Street Baptist Church) is a historic church at 126 N. Main Street in Kernersville North Carolina.It was built in 1915 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 Minuphloeus mixtus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Minuphloeus.
 Isaac Coleman Lindsey known as Coleman Lindsey (October 2 1892—November 15 1968) was a Democratic member of the Louisiana State Senate a district judge and from 1939 to 1940 the lieutenant governor under Governor Earl Kemp Long.
 Roc and a Hard Place is the nineteenth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Robert B. Rob Eastlund (born June 19 1949) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented District 17A which includes portions of Anoka Chisago and Isanti counties in the east central part of the state just north of the Twin Cities metropolitan area. A Republican he is also a business owner and property manager.
 The Young–Quinlan Building was erected at 901 Nicollet Avenue Minneapolis Minnesota in 1926. Elizabeth Quinlan and her partner Fred D. Young owned and operated a women's specialty dress shop when Young died in 1911. Miss Quinlan decided to expand her business and wanting to have the best in design consulted with department store managers and owners in New York and Chicago.
 Gundur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Gangawati taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Bettowynd Creek a partly perennial stream of the Moruya River catchment is located in the Southern Tablelands and South Coast regions of New South Wales Australia.
 Randolph Brook is a tributary of the Millstone River in northern Franklin Park New Jersey United States.
 Kathleen Kerrigan is a Judge of the United States Tax Court.
 The Weak's End is the first full-length album released by Emery. The original release was released on January 15 2004 with the re-issued version released on January 27 2004. Most of the albums available are labeled the re-released version (which includes the cover of the broken fishbowl as shown) in which the titles of 6 of the tracks were changed. Although the two albums look different the actual songs themselves are very similar.
 The Church of Our Lady (Dutch: Onze-Lieve-Vrouwekerk) in Bruges Belgium dates mainly from the 13th 14th and 15th centuries. Its tower at 122.3 meters in height remains the tallest structure in the city and the second tallest brickwork tower in the world (the tallest being the St. Martin's Church in Landshut Germany).In the choir space behind the high altar are the tombs of Charles the Bold last Valois Duke of Burgundy and his daughter the duchess Mary.
 Eduard Halimi (born 8 December 1972) is Albania's Minister of Justice.
 The Greatest Question is a 1919 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Ramón Arturo Cáceres Vasquez (15 December 1866 Moca Dominican Republic – 19 November 1911 Santo Domingo) was the 31st president of the Dominican Republic (1906–1911). Serving as vice president under Carlos Felipe Morales Cáceres assumed the office in 1906. Cáceres was assassinated in 1911 ambushed by rebels and killed in his car.Cáceres was the leader of the Los Coludos also named Red Party.His death was followed by general disorder and ultimately by the U.S.
 Rodrigo de Rato y Figaredo (born 18 March 1949) is a Spanish political figure who served in the government of Spain as Minister of the Economy from 1996 to 2004; a member of the conservative People's Party (PP) he was also First Deputy Prime Minister from 2003 to 2004. Subsequently he was Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 2004 to 2007.Rato was appointed to become the Managing Director of the IMF on 4 May 2004 and took up his duties on 7 June 2004.
 Océano (Spanish: Ocean) is the third studio album by Argentine singer Pablo Ruiz. It was released in 1989.[citation needed]
 Aclytia signatura is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in the West Indies.
 Gophichand Jasoos released in 1982 is about an overweight and middle-aged out-of-work private detective played by Raj Kapoor. Bela played by Zeenat Aman is Gopi's neighbour. Gopichand gets assigned to trace some diamonds that have been stolen. He finds that the diamonds are located in a coffin in a Catholic burial ground in Goa.
 Iglesia de San Juan Bautista (San Tirso de Abres) is a church in Asturias Spain. It was established in the 16th century.
 Non Serviam is a 1945 poetry collection by the Swedish writer Gunnar Ekelöf. The title comes from the Christian phrase Non serviam which is Latin for I will not serve and is attributed to Lucifer.
 Gloia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dartmuthia is an extinct genus of primitive jawless fish that lived in the Silurian period in what is now Estonia. To date only the creature's armored head shield (a typical trait for osteostracids) has been found. Since the mouth is positioned on the underside of the head Dartmuthia is presumed to have dwelled on the ocean floor sucking its food into its mouth.
 Vrnjci is a village in the municipality of Vrnjačka Banja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2025 people.
 Batrachoides is a genus of toadfishes.
 Magleš (Serbian Cyrillic: Маглеш) is a mountain in western Serbia near the city of Valjevo. Its highest peak Pali has an elevation of 1036 meters above sea level.
 Kal Ki Awaz is a 1992 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra Raj Babbar Amrita Singh Pratibha Sinha.
 Arthur Otis Howe (March 7 1871 – November 27 1951) was a dairy farmer and electrical engineer from Newfane Vermont and a Republican member of the Vermont House of Representatives serving from 1931 to 1933 and then reelected in 1937 and 1945. He also served in the Vermont Senate from 1947 to 1948.
 The Bansloi River is a tributary of the Bhagirathi.
 The Sultan River is a river in Snohomish County in the U.S. state of Washington. It is a tributary of the Skykomish River which it joins at the town of Sultan Washington. The river is dammed in its upper third by Culmback Dam to form Spada Lake.Both the Sultan River and the town of Sultan were named by prospectors for the chief of a Snohomish sub-tribe who lived on the Skykomish River in the 1870s.
 Ek Doctor Ki Maut (Hindi: एक डॉकटर की मौत English: Death of a Doctor) is a 1990 award winning film by noted Bengali director Tapan Sinha which depicts the ostracism bureaucratic negligence reprimand and insult of a doctor and his research instead of recognition. The film is based on a story Abhimanyu by Ramapada Choudhury. This movie is loosely based on the life of Dr.
 Towbori (Persian: توبري‎ also Romanized as Towborī) is a village in Alqchin Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Scotland Yard is a 1941 American crime drama film starring Nancy Kelly and Edmund Gwenn about a fugitive whose visage has been altered with plastic surgery. The movie was directed by Norman Foster. It is also known as Uncensored.
 Cilvia Demo is the debut extended play (EP) by American hip hop recording artist Isaiah Rashad released on January 28 2014 under Top Dawg Entertainment. The EP features guest appearances from Jean Deaux and Michael Da Vinci as well as his Top Dawg label-mates SZA Schoolboy Q and Jay Rock. The EP's production was handled by several record producers namely Ross Vega Mr. Carmack Joseph Stranger Black Metaphor The Antydote Farhot Chris Calor D.
 Lwin-u is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Landslide is a first-person narrative novel written by English author Desmond Bagley and was first published in 1967.
 The Constitution River or commonly called The Careenage is a river located along Carlisle Bay on the south-western portion of Barbados. The western end of the river runs through the centre of Bridgetown in Saint Michael. The river acts as a channel for heavy rain run-off from the higher interior regions of the island. Additionally it is a small sheltered shallow passage or yacht harbour for medium sized yachts or small craft boats to dock in the city.
 William C. Bill Kortz II is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 38th legislative district. He was elected in 2006.Prior to elective office Kortz served as an Operations Manager for the Irvin Plant of U.S. Steel. Kortz attended McKeesport Area High School and received a bachelor’s degree in criminology from Indiana University of Pennsylvania. He also attended classes at the Duquesne University M.B.A.
 Air Vice-Marshal George Yaw Boakye (December 25 1937 – June 26 1979) was an airman and politician. He is a former Commander of the Ghana Air Force (November 1976 - June 1979) and member of the Supreme Military Council (SMC) in Ghana. He became a member of the SMC in November 1976 by virtue of his position as the Commander of the Ghana Air Force. He was executed by firing squad on June 26 1979.
 Year at Danger is a 2007 independent documentary. Nine days after getting married Steve Metze found out he was being deployed as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom. Metze a West Point graduate Desert Storm veteran and documentary filmmaker decided to pack a camera and document his year in Iraq.
 Mr. Singh / Mrs. Mehta is a 2010 Hindi-language film starring Prashant Narayanan and Aruna Shields. It's directed by Pravesh Bhardwaj. The film is produced by Manu Kumaran and was released on June 24 2010.Mr Singh/Mrs Mehta is directorial debut of Pravesh Bhardwaj and features music of Grammy nominated artist Ustaad Shujaat Hussain Khan.
 Master Zacharius or the clockmaker who lost his soul (French: Maître Zacharius ou l’horloger qui avait perdu son âme) is an 1854 short story by Jules Verne. The story an intensely Romantic fantasy echoing the works of E. T. A. Hoffmann is a Faustian tragedy about an inventor whose overpowering pride leads to his downfall.
 The Sognefjord or Sognefjorden is the largest fjord in Norway and the third longest in the world (behind the Scoresby Sund and Greely Fiord). Because the other two fjords are often ice-covered the Sognefjorden is the longest open (ice-free) fjord in the world. Located in Sogn og Fjordane county in Western Norway it stretches 205 kilometres (127 mi) inland from the ocean to the small village of Skjolden in the municipality of Luster.
 Bakka Church (Norwegian: Bakka kyrkje) is a parish church in Aurland Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Bakka on the shores of the sparsely populated Nærøyfjorden. The church is part of the Nærøy parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.The white wooden church which has about 200 seats was built in 1859. It was designed by the architect Christian Henrik Grosch and it was consecrated on 11 May 1859.
 North Star is a 1996 action-Western film starring James Caan Christopher Lambert and Catherine McCormack. Directed by Nils Gaup it was written by Sergio Donati and loosely based on Henry Wilson Allen's 1956 Western novel The North Star. Although set in the U.S. state of Alaska the movie was shot entirely in Norway. Lambert executive produced the film.
 The Kyushu National Museum (九州国立博物館 Kyūshū Kokuritsu Hakubutsukan) opened on October 16 2005 in Dazaifu near Fukuoka -- the first new national museum in Japan in over 100 years and the first to elevate the focus on history over art. The distinct modern impression created by the architectural facade is mirrored in the Museum's use of technological innovations which are put to good in making the museum's collections accessible to the public.
 WorldNetDaily (WND) is an American web site that publishes news and associated content from the perspective of U.S. conservatives and the political right. It was founded in May 1997 by Joseph Farah with the stated intent of exposing wrongdoing corruption and abuse of power and is headquartered in Washington D.C.
 Gorham's Cave is a natural sea cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar considered to be one of the last known habitations of the Neanderthals. It is located on the southeast face of the Rock of Gibraltar. When first inhabited it would have been approximately five kilometres from the shore but due to changes in sea level it is now only a few metres from the Mediterranean Sea.
 Webb's tufted-tailed rat (Eliurus webbi) is a species of rodent in the Nesomyidae family. It is found only in Madagascar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Cultural Diversity and Ethnic Minority Psychology is the quarterly scientific journal of the American Psychological Association Division 45: Society for the Psychological Study of Ethnic Minority Issues.
 The Marquis is an independent comic book series written and illustrated by Guy Davis released by Oni Press and Dark Horse Comics.
 Tolombeh-ye Shahid Chamaran (Persian: تلمبه شهيدچمران‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shahīd Chamarān) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Qarah Jangal (Persian: قره جنگل‎ also Romanized as Qareh Jangal; also known as Qareh Jagal) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 480 in 118 families.
 James Ponder (October 31 1819 – November 5 1897) was an American merchant and politician from Milton in Sussex County Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly and as Governor of Delaware.
 Shattered Angels (京四郎と永遠の空 Kyōshirō to Towa no Sora lit. Kyoshiro and the Eternal Sky) is a Japanese manga created by Kaishaku which was first serialized in the Japanese shōnen manga magazine Monthly Dragon Age in May 2006. A 12-episode anime adapted from the manga aired in Japan from January 5 to March 23 2007. The series refers to several of Kaishaku's past works: Kannazuki no Miko Magical Nyan Nyan Taruto UFO Ultramaiden Valkyrie and (most notably) Steel Angel Kurumi.
 Up Up and Oy Vey : How Jewish History Culture and Values Shaped the Comic Book Superhero is a book by Rabbi Simcha Weinstein.In the book Weinstein contends that because the creators of many famous superheroes such as Superman were Jewish those superheroes were inspired by Jewish values and Jewish figures such as the patriarchs (for example Moses and David) the Golem and Samson.The book argues that the Jewish creators of early comic books as the children of immigrants tried to escape the feeling of inferiority occasioned by their being a minority religion by creating superheroes who would fight for truth and justice. 
 The Abu Dhabi Falcon Hospital is the world's foremost falcon welfare institution and the first of its kind. It opened on 3 October 1999 as an affiliate of the Abu Dhabi Environment Agency since when it has been directed by German veterinary surgeon Dr Margit Gabriele Müller and has become one of the largest avian hospitals.The hospital operates under the patronage of His Highness Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi.
 The Loring-Greenough House is the last surviving 18th century residence in Sumner Hill a historic section of Jamaica Plain Massachusetts a neighborhood of Boston. It is located at 12 South Street on Monument Square at the edge of Sumner Hill.This mid-Georgian mansion was built as a country residence and farmstead in 1760 for wealthy British naval officer Commodore Joshua Loring on the original site of John Polley's estate established in the 1650s.
 Zakrzewo [zaˈkʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dopiewo within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Dopiewo and 13 km (8 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 979.
 Maria Owings Shriver (/ˈʃraɪvər/; born November 6 1955)is an American journalist author of six best-selling books and formerly the First Lady of California as the wife of California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. She has received a Peabody Award and was co-anchor for NBC's Emmy-winning coverage of the 1988 Summer Olympics.
 Scanners II : The New Order also known as Scanners 2: The New Order (alternate spelling) is a 1991 science fiction action thriller film. It is a standalone sequel to the 1981 feature film Scanners with a different cast. It was written by B.J. Nelson and directed by Christian Duguay. The plot involves a crooked police commissioner who schemes to gain control of a major city by manipulating Scanners (persons born with telepathic and telekinetic abilities) to do his bidding.
 The New Sherwood Hotel is a historic property on the National Register of Historic Places in New Haven Kentucky in southernmost Nelson County Kentucky. It is next door to the Kentucky Railway Museum on U.S. 31E..The brick two-story New Sherwood Hotel is one of the few buildings left in New Haven that has any historical integrity; only nine buildings from 1880-1940 remained in New Haven by 1978. It is made of solid-masonry-brickwall on top of a limestone foundation.
 The Central School in Laurinburg North Carolina was built in 1910. It was designed by architect Oliver Duke Wheeler in Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Real Things is the third album and second number one in the UK for Dutch eurodance act 2 Unlimited. Despite spending just nine weeks in the British Top 75 album chart the album was certified gold in the United Kingdom and platinum in The Netherlands. The Real Thing Here I Go No One and Nothing Like the Rain were released as singles. Unlike their previous album Ray's raps on the verses were not cut for the UK release.
 Shoot Out the Lights is the sixth and final album by British husband-and-wife folk rock duo Richard and Linda Thompson. It was produced by Joe Boyd and released in 1982 on his Hannibal label. A critically acclaimed work Allmusic's Mark Deming noted that Shoot Out the Lights has often been cited as Richard Thompson's greatest work and it's difficult for anyone who has heard his body of work to argue the point.
 Baby is a Brixton set drama short film written and directed by Daniel Mulloy. Baby premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and went on to win multiple awards including the coveted British Independent Film Award.
 Red River is a 1948 Western film directed and produced by Howard Hawks and starring John Wayne and Montgomery Clift giving a fictional account of the first cattle drive from Texas to Kansas along the Chisholm Trail.
 Lake Gunung Tujuh (Indonesian: Danau Gunung Tujuh) is a volcanic crater lake in the province of Jambi Indonesia located at 1°42′23″S 101°24′42″E within Kerinci National Park. Although a young lake in geologic terms its surrounding volcano Mount Tujuh is old and not immediately obvious as such. The name Danau Gunung Tujuh translates as Seven Mountain Lake a seeming reference to seven peaks comprising the forested rim.
 Aller Retour New York is a novel by American writer Henry Miller published in 1935 by Obelisk Press in Paris France.Published after his breakthrough book Tropic of Cancer Aller Retour New York takes the form of a long letter from Miller to his friend Alfred Perlès in Paris. In the book Miller describes his experiences on a trip back to New York City his birthplace in pursuit of his sometime lover Anaïs Nin who had left Paris for New York in the company of psychoanalyst Otto Rank.
 The Queen Is Dead is the third studio album by the English alternative rock band The Smiths. It was released on 16 June 1986 in the United Kingdom by Rough Trade Records and released in the United States on 23 June 1986 through Sire Records. The album spent twenty-two weeks on the UK Albums Chart peaking at #2. Across the Atlantic it reached #28 in Canada on the RPM 100 album chart and #70 on the Billboard 200 chart and was certified Gold by the RIAA in late 1990.
 Wyvetter H. Younge (August 23 1930 – December 26 2008) was a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 114th District from 1975 until 2008. She served as the Assistant Majority Leader later in her career. Her district included Alorton Belleville Brooklyn Cahokia Centreville East St. Louis Fairview Heights Mascoutah Millstadt O'Fallon Sauget Scott Air Force Base Shiloh Swansea and Washington Park.
 Thierbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Lockport Powerhouse is a dam used by the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago to control the outflow of the Sanitary and Ship Canal and limit the diversion of water from Lake Michigan into the Des Plaines River.
 St. John's Episcopal Church and Rectory form a small complex of log structures in Jackson Wyoming. The rectory was built first: in 1911 it was a hostel and community center under the supervision of Episcopal Bishop Nathaniel Thomas. Church services were held there until 1916 when the church was built. The church and hostel are among the largest log structures in Jackson Hole.The rectory was the first location in Jackson to hold regular Episcopal services beginning in 1911.
 St. Augustine's Catholic Church is a historic church in Napoleon Ohio United States. Located on the edge of the city's downtown two blocks away from the Henry County Courthouse the church is a prominent landmark in Napoleon.
 The Do Sono River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Science North is an interactive science museum in Greater Sudbury Ontario Canada.The complex which is Northern Ontario's most popular tourist attraction consists of two snowflake-shaped buildings on the southwestern shore of Ramsey Lake just south of the city's downtown core as well as a former ice hockey arena which includes the complex's entrance and an IMAX theatre. The snowflake buildings are connected by a rock tunnel which passes through a billion-year-old geologic fault.
 János Gyöngyösi (3 May 1893 - 29 October 1951) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1944 and 1947. He fought in the First World War. After the war he worked as a journalist and finished his studies in the Budapest University (now Eötvös Loránd University). During the Second World War he was a reserve officer in Debrecen near the Hungarian-Romanian border.In 1931 Gyöngyösi joined the Smallholders Party.
 The Connection is a 1961 feature film by the noted American experimental filmmaker Shirley Clarke. The film was Clarke's first feature; she had made several short films over the previous decade.
 One Away is a 1976 American action film directed by Sidney Hayers and starring Patrick Mower Bradford Dillman Roberta Durrant and Elke Sommer. Two brothers help their brother escape from a South African jail sparking a manhunt.
 Pearly Gates is Jughead's Revenge's sixth and most recent studio album released in 1999. This album was a good bye letter to friends and fans in hopes of going into a hiatus after years of touring and recording. Following the release of the album a lawsuit with Archie Comics was filed leaving the band to change their name to Jugg's Revenge but resulting in their indefinite hiatus in 2001.
 The Patterson Covered Bridge No. 112 is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Orange Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is a 81.66-foot-long (24.89 m) Burr Truss arch bridge with a tarred metal roof constructed in 1875. It crosses the Green Creek. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Gulf of Riga Bay of Riga or Gulf of Livonia (Latvian: Rīgas jūras līcis Estonian: Liivi laht Russian: Рижский залив) is a bay of the Baltic Sea between Latvia and Estonia.The island of Saaremaa (Estonia) partially separates it from the rest of the Baltic Sea. The main connection between the gulf and the Baltic Sea is the Irbe Strait.The Gulf of Riga as a sub-basin of the Baltic also includes the Väinameri Sea in the West Estonian archipelago.
 Ksawerów [ksaˈvɛruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Kalisz and 121 km (75 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Odyssey is a 1997 British-American fantasy–adventure television miniseries and Emmy Award-winning and Golden Globe-nominated. Directed by Andrei Konchalovsky the miniseries aired in two-parts beginning on May 18 1997 on NBC. The series won the award for Outstanding Directing for a Miniseries or a Special. It is based on the ancient Greek epic poem The Odyssey attributed to Homer.
 Manasaare (Kannada: ಮನಸಾರೆ) is a 2009 released romantic Kannada movie directed by Yograj Bhat. Produced by Rockline Venkatesh the film stars Diganth and Aindrita Ray in the lead roles. The film soundtrack and score is by Mano Murthy. The film was declared a musical hit upon its release.
 Zodiac: An Eco-Thriller (1988) is Neal Stephenson's second novel which tells the story of an environmentalist Sangamon Taylor uncovering a conspiracy involving industrialist polluters in Boston Harbor. The Zodiac of the title refers to the brand of inflatable motor boats the hero uses to get around the city efficiently. His opponents attempt to frame him as an ecoterrorist.The protagonist is inspired by environmental chemist Marco Kaltofen.
 Hirthia is a genus of tropical freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Paludomidae.
 Captain Blood is a 1935 American swashbuckling film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Errol Flynn Olivia de Havilland Basil Rathbone and Ross Alexander. The film was made by First National Pictures and Warner Bros. Pictures and produced by Harry Joe Brown and Gordon Hollingshead with Hal B. Wallis as executive producer.
 The Lahey Hospital & Medical Center formerly known as Lahey Clinic is a physician-led nonprofit teaching hospital of Tufts University School of Medicine based in Burlington Massachusetts. The hospital was founded in Boston in 1923 by surgeon Frank H. Lahey M.D. It is managed by Lahey Health. U.S. News & World Report has cited it multiple times on its list of America's Best Hospitals in the category of urology.
 The Trouble with Angels is a 1966 comedy film about the adventures of two girls in an all-girls Catholic school run by nuns. The film was directed by Ida Lupino and stars Hayley Mills (in her first film after her contract with Walt Disney expired) Rosalind Russell and June Harding.
 The Pike County Courthouse at 801 Main St. in Petersburg Indiana was built in 1922. It is a work of architect Elmer E. Dunlap and of Jasper N. Good. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008; the listing included five contributing objects in addition to one contributing building.
 Mohamed Ag Najem (alias Ag Mohamed Najem alternatively spelled Mahamed Ag Najim) is the chief of staff of the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad (MNLA) army.
 The North Muddy Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County Nevada.
 Serious as Pleasure (French: Sérieux comme le plaisir) is a 1975 French drama film directed by Robert Benayoun.
 39 East is a 1920 American silent comedy film produced by the Realart Picture Company (headed by Paramount's Adolph Zukor) and starring Constance Binney reprising her role from the Broadway play. The film was directed by John S. Robertson.The film is based on the play of the same name by Rachel Crothers which was a hit on Broadway with Binney starring.
 Kids in America is a 2005 film directed by Josh Stolberg. It was written by Andrew Shaifer and Stolberg. The film is inspired by real events.
 A Closed Book is a short novel by Gilbert Adair published in 2000.The book starts with a slightly awkward meeting between a crotchety blind author and a sighted interviewee he seeks to employ as his assistant.The narrative is presented almost entirely through dialogue between the two men puctuated by fragments of the writer's diary. As the two men's relationship develops it becomes clear that both have something to hide.A film based on the novel was released in 2010.
 Solec-Zdrój ([ˈsɔlɛt͡s ˈzdrui̯]) is a village in Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Solec-Zdrój. It lies on the Rzoska river in historic Lesser Poland approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 The Strangler's Wife is a soundtrack album by Cul de Sac released on October 21 2003 through Strange Attractors Audio House.
 Phymatodes nigrescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 December Moon is the debut demo tape by Swedish extreme metal band Morbid. The album was recorded at Thunderload Studios in Stockholm on 5 and 6 December 1987. With this demo Morbid became notorious and had a great impact upon the Swedish death metal scene. December Moon was reissued in 1994 and 2000.
 Turbonilla xartoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Here I Stand is a 1999 album by British folk-rock band Oysterband. It is their 17th studio album.Released on 3 August 1999 the album's much praised lyrics deal with topics such as globalisation political and philosophical insights. The album has been described as the one of the band's most upbeat albums. The album guest features Canadian folk rock band Great Big Sea and British punk pop band Chumbawamba.
 Jerry Reed Sings Jim Croce is an album by American country music singer Jerry Reed released in 1980. The album is a tribute album for Jim Croce who died in 1973 in a plane crash during the peak of his career. Seven of the ten songs were singles released by Croce. The album peaked at number 56 on the Billboard country chart. The song Age (b/w Workin' at the Car Wash Blues) was the only single released from the album. It peaked at 36 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.
 A View of the Woods is a short story by Flannery O'Connor. It was completed in the fall of 1956 and was first published in the Fall 1957 issue of Partisan Review. It was later republished in The Best American Short Stories of 1958 and again in 1965 in O'Connor's short story collection Everything That Rises Must Converge. O'Connor had first submitted it to Harper's Bazaar although she correctly expected that the story was a little grim for the Harper's readership and would be rejected.
 Congregation Beth Israel (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) was a Reform synagogue located for most of its history at 761 Chestnut Street in Gadsden Alabama. An outgrowth of Gadsden's Jewish religious school it was founded in 1908 and incorporated in 1910. It moved into its Chestnut Street building in 1922 and joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations in 1924.From 1911 to 1944 it had no rabbi and was led by lay-religious-leader Hugo Hecht.
 The Confusion is a novel by Neal Stephenson. It is the second volume in The Baroque Cycle and consists of two sections or books Bonanza and The Juncto. In 2005 The Confusion won the Locus Award together with The System of the World also by Stephenson.
 Fuhne is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Ji Hujur also (Bengali: জী হুজুর) is a Bangladeshi bangla language film. Directed by Jakir Hossain Raju. starring Symon Sadik Sara Zerin Jemi Anan kazi Hayat AbbasUllah Sikdar Nasrin Onamika.
 Coleophora malatiella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Romania and Turkey.
 The Moundville Archaeological Museum is an archaeological park and museum in Moundville Alabama The museum houses artifacts and displays exhibits on over 60 years of archaeological excavations and investigations in the Moundville Archaeological Park.The Jones Archaeological Museum located in the park was opened on May 16 1939 and was initially known as the Mound State Monument. The museum was originally designed with two wings dedicated to burials which was closed in 1989 and a central section with exhibits displaying artifacts recovered from the site. 
 The Simon Peter Eggertsen Sr. House is a historic house located in Provo Utah United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Simon Peter Eggertsen Sr. House was constructed in 1876. Now it has been repaired repainted and appointed with appropriate furnishings of the times this home very much depicts pioneer design and craftsmanship. The Simon Peter Eggertsen Sr. House was designated to the Provo City Historic Landmarks Registry on March 7 1996.
 Versão Acústica 4 is the seventh studio album by Brazilian acoustic rock cover musician Emmerson Nogueira.
 Erythrolamprus ocellatus commonly known as the Tobago false coral is a species of colubrid snake which is endemic to the island of Tobago (in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago).
 Jerrabattgulla Creek a perennial stream of the Shoalhaven River catchment is located in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 Canarias7 is a Canarian newspaper published in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria. Canarias7 was first published on 2 October 1982 and currently has the second-highest circulation in the Canary Islands behind sister-paper La Provincia.
 The Ice House on Little Muddy Creek is the ruins of an old stone structure meant to hold ice near Morgantown Kentucky placed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 8 1987 as part of the Early Stone Buildings of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission.The Ice House is notable for having exceptionally fine masonry. Its face has finished square stones and toothed chiseled random pattern strikings; this tooling pattern is the only such pattern in the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
 Aşağıçaylı is a village in the District of Yenipazar Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 45 people.
 Almuric is a science fiction novel by Robert E. Howard. It was originally serialized in three parts in the magazine Weird Tales beginning in May 1939. The novel was first published in book form in 1964 by Ace Books. The novel features a muscular hero known on earth as Esau Cairn. He is transported through space to a world known as Almuric by unspecified scientific methods. While there he battles with frightening monsters and beautiful women.
 Jackson's is a restaurant in Highgate an inner suburb of Perth Western Australia. For much of its existence it has been Perth's number one special night out destination. It has won many awards and has been described by The New York Times as ... perhaps the town's top table with a formidable selection of Australian wines ....The restaurant's owner and chef English-born Neal Jackson served his apprenticeship at the Savoy Hotel in London and later worked elsewhere in that city.
 Kahani Kismat Ki is a 1999 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Farogh Siddiqui starring Mithun Chakraborty Sharad Kapoor Ayesha Jhulka Naghma Mohan Joshi and Milind Gunaji
 The Voyage of QV66 is a children's novel by Penelope Lively. It is set in a strange flooded somewhat post-apocalyptic England devoid of people and centres around a group of animals consisting of a dog a cat a cow a horse a pigeon and a mysterious character named Stanley.
 Opatkowice Cysterskie [ɔpatkɔˈvit͡sɛ t͡sɨsˈtɛrskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.
 The Rounders is a lighthearted 1965 film starring Glenn Ford and Henry Fonda. The comedy was based on the novel of the same name by Max Evans.
 Tohku is a village in Kihelkonna Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Hypsiboas beckeri is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hamningberg Chapel (Norwegian: Hamningberg kapell) is a chapel in Båtsfjord Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the now-abandoned (uninhabited) village of Hamningberg. The chapel is part of the Båtsfjord parish in the Varanger deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The small wooden chapel was built in 1949 and it seats about 140 people. It is no longer regularly used since the village is no longer inhabited.
 Tora-san Plays Cupid (男はつらいよ 寅次郎頑張れ! Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajirō Gambare!) aka Tora-san Hold Out! is a 1977 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Shiho Fujimura as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san Plays Cupid is the twentieth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 The Judge J. C. Kerwin House at 516 E. Forest Ave. in Neenah Wisconsin United States was built in 1885. It is a Queen Anne house and was a work of Ernest F. Wieckert. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Shattered Peace is one in a series of OEL manga in the novel series Warriors. The book was published by Tokyopop and released on November 24 2009. It follows the story of two cats who are thrown out of their home by a group of hostile cats. It is drawn by James Barry.
 The Tanger (German pronunciation: [ˈtaŋɐ]) is a small river in Germany land Saxony-Anhalt. It is a left tributary to the river Elbe. The rivers meet at Tangermünde.
 The Fire Station No. 2 (also known as the Old Fire Station No. 2) is a historic fire station in Miami Florida. It is located at 1401 North Miami Avenue. On January 4 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was designed by architect August C. Geiger.This building is now owned by a community redevelopment agency (aka CRA) called the OMNI CRA. Ownership was transferred from the City of Miami.
 Cerithiopsis vaurisi is a species of sea snail a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae. It was described by Jay and Drivas in 2002.
 The Crepori River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Tapajós.
 There's a Riot Goin' On is the fifth studio album by American funk and soul band Sly and the Family Stone released November 20 1971 on Epic Records.
 Carolina Place Mall is a shopping mall located in Pineville North Carolina a suburb of Charlotte. The 1200000-square-foot (110000 m2)(GLA) mall is anchored by Sears Belk JCPenney Dillard's and Macy's.
 Olszewo-Borzymy [ɔlˈʂɛvɔ bɔˈʐɨmɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Stupsk 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Mława and 95 km (59 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Gjegnen or Blånibba is the highest mountain in the municipality of Bremanger in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 1670-metre (5480 ft) tall mountain has a topographic prominence of 1460 metres (4790 ft) the fifth highest prominence in Norway. The glacier Gjegnalundsbreen lies directly to the east of the mountain. The mountain is about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southeast of Ålfoten in Bremanger and about 22 kilometres (14 mi) northwest of Sandane in neighboring Gloppen municipality.
 Season of the Sparks is the fifth studio album released by Irish singer-songwriter Adrian Crowley. On March 3 2010 it was announced as the winner of the Choice Music Prize for Irish Album of the Year 2009 at Vicar Street Dublin.It was released on April 24 2009.
 The Dagâța River is a tributary of the Gârboveta River in Romania.
 Lipová (Cheb District) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Daleh Marz (Persian: دله مرز‎ also Romanized as Dalah Marz; also known as Dalāmarz and Delāmarz) is a village in Zherizhah Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 636 in 141 families.
 Nikontovići (Cyrillic: Никонтовићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Gold Coast is a 1990 novel by Nelson DeMille.It is about John Sutter a Wall Street lawyer and Frank Bellarosa a mafia don and the conflict between the two that occurs when Bellarosa moves to the North Shore (Long Island) the same New York neighborhood as Sutter. Bellarosa befriends Sutter and his wife Susan and convinces Sutter to represent him in a high-profile case.
 Namsos Church (Norwegian: Namsos kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Namsos in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the center of the town of Namsos just north of the river Namsen. The church is part of the Namsos parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The large rectangular brick church was built in 1960 to replace the previous one which was bombed and burned during World War II. The church was designed by architect Ola B.
 Heinz Horst Bodo Dettke better known as Bodo Dettke born 27 February 1967 is a Solomon Islands politician.His political career began when he was elected to Parliament as MP for North West Guadalcanal in the August 2010 general election. He was appointed Ministry for Forestry in Prime Minister Danny Philip's Cabinet.
 Skulduggery Pleasant: the end of the world is a novella released on 23–24 February 2012 (depending on the country) although it was originally intended to be released on March 1 for World Book Day. It is set a few months after the 6th book in the Skulduggery Pleasant series.
 Gahvareh Poshteh (Persian: گهواره پشته‎ also Romanized as Gahvāreh Poshteh) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Karen Lehman Haas (born April 13 1962) is an American government affairs official who has served as the 34th Clerk of the United States House of Representatives from December 2005 to February 2007.
 The Oswego-Oneida Streets Historic District in Baldwinsville New York is a 50 acres (20 ha) historic district. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and includes 32 contributing buildings.
 O Parvardigar is a 1976 seven-minute short film by Ginny Katz presenting silent footage of Meher Baba. The title of the film refers to Meher Baba's prayer Parvardigar Prayer. Earlier editions of the film had issues with speed of the Meher Baba footage and the restoration by Richard O'Casey addressed this problem so that it could be viewed as originally intended.
 Lake Dardanelle is a major reservoir on the Arkansas River in Arkansas USA. Russellville lies on Lake Dardanelle and the lake provides many recreational opportunities. Lake Dardanelle covers nearly 40000 acres (160 km2) of land which provides lots of area for boating fishing picnicking camping and scenic views. The lake extends from Dardanelle Lock and Dam (35°14′55″N 93°10′15″W) near Dardanelle into Pope Yell Logan Johnson and Franklin Counties.
 Armand dela Cruz Arreza (born November 20 1971) was the 4th Administrator & Chief Executive Officer of the Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority (SBMA). As of present he was the youngest official to hold the title of Administrator.
 Scythrophrys sawayae is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Scythrophrys.[citation needed]It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 For the energy services company WeatherWise see Fixed billWeatherwise (ISSN 0043-1672) is a magazine founded by David M. Ludlum and was published by Heldref Publications but now is published by Taylor & Francis Group. It covers weather and climate for weather enthusiasts as well as meteorologists and climatologists and is the only popular press publication in the United States to do so.
 Sunnyfields is a historic home at Linthicum Heights Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It is partially brick two and a half stories tall and three bays wide and was built in 1810. The east portion is of frame construction six bays long and two stories high and dates from about 1785.
 Jude Hofschneider (born September 12 1966) is an American Republican politician from the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. He is currently serving as the 9th Lieutenant Governor. He was automatically elevated to this position on February 20 2013 when the former lieutenant governor Eloy S. Inos assumed the governorship.
 Qand (Persian: قند‎; also known as Qāsagān Qāsegān and Qaşr-e Qand) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District Sarbuk District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 19 families.
 Perfusion is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Cardiology. The journal's editor is Prakash P. Punjabi (Hammersmith Hospital). It has been in publication since 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Tarit Baran Topdar (born 5 March 1941) is an Indian politician belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPI(M)). He was a Lok Sabha member 1989-2009 representing the Barrackpore constituency of West Bengal. He was defeated by Dinesh Trivedi by a margin of 56061 votes in the 15th Lok Sabha Election.
 Mee Sindhutai Sapkal (Marathi: मी सिंधुताई सपकाळ; English: I Am Sindhutai Sapkal) is an Indian Marathi film. The film was directed by Ananth Narayan Mahadevan. The film stars Tejaswini Pandit Jyoti Chandekar Upendra Limaye Neena Kulkarni in leading roles.
 The 1979 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the eighth volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1979.
 Gayle Anne Tierney is an Australian politician. She has been an Australian Labor Party member of the Victorian Legislative Council since November 2006 representing Western Victoria Region.Tierney studied politics and Asian studies at Flinders University before entering the trade union movement.
 Berlanguella is a genus of sea slugs specifically dorid nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chromodorididae.
 Neptis swynnertoni Swynnerton’s Sailer is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in southern Malawi west central Mozambique and eastern Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of montane forests.Adults are on wing from September to May.The larvae feed on Macaranga mellifera.
 Wickland is a historic mansion in eastern Bardstown Kentucky. It has been the home of three state governors: two for Kentucky and one in Louisiana.
 Gray Crag is a fell in the Lake District in Cumbria England.
 Charles Samuel McDowell Jr. (October 17 1871 – May 22 1943) was tenth Lieutenant Governor of Alabama from 1923 to 1927 and was the interim Governor of Alabama between July 10 and July 11 1924 when Governor William W. Brandon was out-of-state for 21 days. The state constitution requires that if the governor is out of the state for 20 days that the lieutenant governor acts as governor until he returns.McDowell was born in Eufaula Alabama.
 Tømmervåg is a village in Aure Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located on the western coast of the island of Tustna about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northeast of the town of Kristiansund. The village has a ferry connection with the island of Nordlandet in Kristiansund Municipality. Tømmervåg is the site of the Sør-Tustna Chapel.
 Uncovered: The War on Iraq is a 2004 documentary film directed by Robert Greenwald that deals with the government and media treatment of the developing push for an invasion of Iraq in the early 2000s and the eventual 2003 Invasion of Iraq. The film is an extended version of Greenwald's 2003 Uncovered: The Whole Truth About the Iraq War.
 Shirley Kersey Turner (born July 3 1941) is an American Democratic Party politician who has been serving in the New Jersey State Senate since 1998 where she represents the 15th Legislative District. Before entering state politics Senator Turner served on the Mercer County Board of Chosen Freeholders from 1983 to 1986 where she served as Freeholder Vice President. Before being elected to the State Senate Turner served in New Jersey's lower house the General Assembly from 1994 to 1998.
 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial is an audiobook and soundtrack album for the 1982 blockbuster film of the same name directed by Steven Spielberg. Narrated by American recording artist Michael Jackson the album was produced by composer Quincy Jones and distributed by MCA Records. The production of the audiobook brought Jackson together with several former collaborators such as Rod Temperton Freddy DeMann and Bruce Swedien.The E.T.
 James Colin Ramsey Kenny (born December 10 1943) is a Canadian Senator.Born in Montreal Quebec Kenny received his high school education at Bishop's College School. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in 1966 from Norwich University. In 1967 he received a Public Service Fellowship from the Tuck School of Business.Kenny's political career began in 1968 when he served as executive director of the Liberal Party of Canada in Ontario.
 Edith Aurelia Killgore Kirkpatrick (born November 14 1918) is a retired music educator from Baton Rouge who served on the Louisiana Board of Regents for Higher Education from 1977—1989 the superboard which must approve education budgets presented to the state legislature. She is also a former member of the executive board of the Louisiana Baptist Convention.
 Rick's Redemption is a 1913 American silent short film starring William Garwood and Muriel Ostriche.
 Chicago (Arabic: شيكاغو‎ Shīkājū) is a novel by Egyptian author Alaa-Al-Aswany.Published in Arabic in 2007 and in an English translation in 2007.The locale of the Novel is University of Illinois at Chicago where the writer did his postgraduate studies. The novel is about the conflict between politics sex and money.
 The Columbia River Maritime Museum is a museum of maritime history located about ten miles (16 km) from the mouth of the Columbia River in Astoria Oregon U.S.. It has a national reputation for the quality of its exhibits and the scope of its collections and was the first museum in Oregon to meet national accreditation standards. The museum is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
 Jeppe på bjerget is a 1981 Danish film directed by Kaspar Rostrup and based on a play by Ludvig Holberg. It won three Bodil Awards : Best Film Best Actor (for Buster Larsen) and Best Supporting Actor (for Kurt Ravn). It was also entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival. It directly translates to Jeppe on the mountain.
 Nazareth House also known as St. Andrew's Parish House is a historic building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a three story brick institutional building built in 1893 and enlarged in 1911. The original section is a three story five bay red brick structure in the Neoclassical style. The building was once used for social and education services but was renovated in the early 1980s into six apartments.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Mordellistena bryani is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1949 by Ray.
 Linda Condon is a novel by United States writer Joseph Hergesheimer first published in 1919 and like its author almost completely forgotten today.
 Eilenodon is a Late Jurassic genus of sphenodont reptile from the Morrison Formation of western North America present in stratigraphic zone 4.
 Hanhowuz also known as Khauz-Khan is a reservoir in Mary Province of southeastern Turkmenistan. It is located at 37°13′56″N 61°14′37″E. The M37 highway passes nearby and the village of Hanhowuz stands on the northwestern shore with the city of Tejen not too far away in that direction.Hanhowuz Reservoir is a component of the Kara Kum Canal system and it was created to attempt to control the erratic Tejen River. It plays an important role in agriculture in the region.
 Şamlar is a village in Başakşehir district of İstanbul Province Turkey. It is situated in the European portion of Turkey so called Rumeli at 41°07′N 28°44′E to the east of the Sazlıdere Dam reservoir. It is about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northwest of Başakşehir. The population of Şamlar is 3448 as of 2010. The oldest building in the village is a mosque dated 1839. A part of village territory was confiscated during the construction of Sazlıdere Dam.
 Barboursville is the ruin of the mansion of James Barbour located in Barboursville Virginia. He was the former U.S. Senator U.S. Secretary of War and Virginia Governor. It is now within the property of Barboursville Vineyards. The house was designed by Thomas Jefferson president of the United States and Barbour's friend and political ally. The ruin is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Nakieł [ˈnakʲɛw] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 La monaca di Monza is a 1962 Italian film directed by Carmine Gallone. It stars Gabriele Ferzetti Giovanna Ralli and Mario Feliciani.The film is about a young nobleman who seduces a nun leading to the death of the man and the internment of the woman.The film is a drama but is laced with satire.
 Elachista subnigrella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found from Scandinavia and the Baltic States to the Pyrenees and Italy and from Ireland to Romania.The wingspan is 7–9 millimetres (0.28–0.35 in). Adults are on wing from April to May.The larvae feed on Avena Avenula pubescens Bromus erectus Calamagrostis epigejos Dactylis glomerata Festuca and Holcus mollis. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Peter-No-Tail (Swedish: Pelle Svanslös) is a 1997 Swedish animated feature film directed by after an original script by Jan Gissberg using Funck's already well-established characters. It follows production features voice acting by others than only Funck himself only with the exception of children that had participated in other productions as well.
 Chah Badam-e Yek (Persian: چاه بادام 1‎ also Romanized as Chāh Bādām-e Yek; also known as Chāh Bādām) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Marshal General Jean-de-Dieu Soult 1st Duke of Dalmatia (French: [ʒɑ̃dədjø sult]; 29 March 1769 – 26 November 1851) was a French general and statesman named Marshal of the Empire in 1804 and often called Marshal Soult. Soult would be one of the few French generals to emerge from the Peninsular War with his reputation largely intact. He was one of only six officers in French history to receive the distinction of Marshal General of France.
 Mecyna andalusica is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Spain and North Africa including Algeria and Morocco.The wingspan is about 27 mm.
 The ClanDestine (also known simply as ClanDestine) is a superhero comic book series created by writer/artist Alan Davis and published by Marvel Comics. The series stars the Destines a secret family of long-lived British superhuman beings who first appeared in Marvel Comics Presents #158 (July 1994).
 The Little Bear Movie is an animated film based on the television series Little Bear which in turn is based on the book series of the same name which was written by Else Holmelund Minarik and illustrated by Maurice Sendak and produced by Nelvana Limited for Paramount Pictures. The film was released in theaters Christmas 2000 and released on direct-to-video on August 7 2001 by Paramount Home Video. It stars Kristin Fairlie as the voice of Little Bear.
 The Daia River is a tributary of the Homorodul Mare River in Romania.
 Betta strohi is a species of gourami endemic to Indonesia. This species grows to a length of 7 centimetres (2.8 in) TL.
 Mary is a 2005 drama thriller film written and directed by American director Abel Ferrara. The film stars Juliette Binoche Forest Whitaker Marion Cotillard Matthew Modine and Heather Graham.The film premiered at the 2005 Venice Film Festival where it won the Special Jury Prize as well as 3 smaller awards. The film also played at the 2005 Toronto Film Festival Deauville Film Festival and San Sebastián International Film Festival.
 Mount Jefferson also known as Muzzy Hill is a hill ridgeline located in Worcester County of Massachusetts two miles NNW of Hubbardston. Mount Jefferson Road passes along the hill crest.
 Curse of the Starving Class is a play by Sam Shepard considered the first of a series on family tragedies. Some critics consider it part of a Family Trilogy which includes Buried Child (1979) and True West (1980). Others consider it part of a quintet which includes Fool for Love (1983) and A Lie of the Mind (1985).
 The Gazette is a daily newspaper published in the American city of Cedar Rapids Iowa. The first paper was published as an evening journal branded the Evening Gazette on Wednesday January 10 1883 and sold for 3¢; it presently sells for 75¢.[citation needed] The newspaper is distributed throughout northeastern and east-central Iowa including the Cedar Rapids and Iowa City metropolitan areas. It was formerly called the Cedar Rapids Gazette.
 You Lay So Easy on My Mind is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in November 1974 by Columbia Records. It made its first appearance on the Billboard Top LP's & Tapes chart in the issue dated December 28 1974 and remained there for four weeks peaking at number 150.
 Ramon Naval Guico Jr. (born December 10 1953 in Binalonan Pangasinan) is the President of the League of Municipalities of the Philippines (LMP) and the current Mayor of the Binalonan. He recently launched the Ginhawa Mo Gets (Gamot Edukasyon Trabaho Serbisyo) Ko Agad Campaign which aims to strengthen the local government and provide faster and improved services to the people.
 Jurong Lake (Chinese: 裕廊湖 ; Malay: Tasik Jurong ; Tamil: ஜூரோங் ஏரி) is a 70ha freshwater lake and reservoir located in the western region of Singapore formed with the damming of Sungei Jurong further downstream. The lake serves as a reservoir contributing to the water supply of the country. It lies next to the Lakeside MRT Station which derived its name from this geographical feature.
 Storms of My Grandchildren: The Truth About the Coming Climate Catastrophe and Our Last Chance to Save Humanity is climate scientist James Hansen's first book published by Bloomsbury Press in 2009. The book is about threats to people and habitability for life on earth from global warming.
 Hubert Glacier is located on the south side of Mount Olympus in the Olympic Mountains and Olympic National Park. Due to its southern orientation the glacier is smaller than those on the north side of Mount Olympus such as Blue Glacier.Named for Anna Hubert the only female member of the first ascent of Mount Olympus the Hubert Glacier occupies a cirque at the bottom of the headwall with one branch extending to the south up the mountainside.
 Suurupi is a village in Harku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 756 (as of 1 June 2010).
 The Shakespeare Public House (grid reference ST586725) is an historic public house situated on Prince Street in Bristol England. (Not to be confused with the Shakespeare Inn Bristol.)It dates from 1725 and was built by John Strahan as a pair of attached Georgian houses and later converted into a public house.It is a grade II* listed building.
 Jacob Adams Kohler was a Republican politician from the state of Ohio. He was Ohio Attorney General from 1886-1887.
 The Fitzmaurice River is a river in Australia's Northern Territory. It was first charted in 1839 by European explorers aboard the HMS Beagle under the command of John Lort Stokes. It was named after Lewis Roper Fitzmaurice a mate and assistant surveyor on the Beagle.The river drains into the Joseph Bonaparte Gulf in the Timor Sea from a source perhaps 500 kilometres inland.
 The Essential Collection (1975–1982) is a compilation album by the American band Poco released in 1997.
 Hauge Lutheran Church is a historic church in Kenyon Townshp Minnesota United States. It was built 1871–1888 by a Hauge Synod congregation one of the two primary Lutheran denominations behind Norwegian immigration into Goodhue County. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Mythili Ennai Kaathali (Tamil: மைதிலி என்னை காதலி ) (English: Mythili love me) is a 1986 Tamil movie starring T. Rajendar Srividya Amala. Directed and music by T. Rajendar.
 Steineberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Private Lives is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Sidney Franklin. The screenplay by Hanns Kräly and Richard Schayer is based on the 1930 play Private Lives by Noël Coward.
 Shri Prasanna Acharya (born 8 August 1949) was a member of the 13th and the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Sambalpur constituency of Orissa and is a member of the Biju Janata Dal (BJD) political party.In the elections in May 2009 when both Odisha and India went to the polls Prasanna Acharya opted to get elected from an Odisha Assembly seat rather than his Parliament Constituency (Sambalpur).
 Popgefahr is De/Vision's eleventh album released in 2010. It's the first album released under their own label Popgefahr Records. Rage and Time to Be Alive were released digitally as double A-side single on March 5 2010.De/Vision previewed all tracks on their Myspace site right in the weeks before the release of this album.
 Pseudocotalpa is a genus of beetle in family Scarabaeidae. It contains the following species: Pseudocotalpa giulianii
 Tarnawatka [tarnaˈvatka] is a village in Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Tarnawatka. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Tomaszów Lubelski and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Talan Teidit (also written Tala-n-Tehidit) is a village in the commune of Tamanrasset in Tamanrasset District Tamanrasset Province Algeria 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of the city of Tamanrasset in the Hoggar Mountains.
 The Flag Building also referred to as the Super Power Building is the largest building in Clearwater Florida. It is owned by the Church of Scientology and was built principally to deliver the Super Power Rundown a high-level Scientology training course intended to train Scientologists to use all of their 57 perceptics or senses.
 The Azumi shrew (Sorex hosonoi) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Japan. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Paradise Valley Hospital (PVH) is an 301 bed acute care facility in National City California. It began operation in 1904 as a sanitarium and is currently under the ownership and operation of Prime Healthcare Services Inc. (PHS) a hospital management company located in Victorville CA. Paradise Valley Hospital is the largest employer in National City with an ethnically diverse workforce of approximately 1500 employees.
 The North Star (also known as Armored Attack in the US) is a 1943 war film produced by Samuel Goldwyn Productions and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was directed by Lewis Milestone written by Lillian Hellman and featured production design by William Cameron Menzies. The film starred Anne Baxter Dana Andrews Walter Huston Walter Brennan and Erich von Stroheim. The music was written by Aaron Copland the lyrics by Ira Gershwin and the cinematography was by James Wong Howe.
 The St. Francois Mountains in southeast Missouri are a range of Precambrian igneous mountains rising over the Ozark Plateau. This range is one of the oldest exposures of igneous rock in North America.The name of the range is spelled out as Saint Francois Mountains in official GNIS sources but it is sometimes misspelled in use as St. Francis Mountains to match the anglicized pronunciation of both the range and St. Francois County.[1][2][3]
 Hitler's Children is an Israeli-German 2012 documentary film directed by Chanoch Zeevi that portrays the struggle of family members of Hitler’s inner circle with the burden of a family legacy and surname identified with the horrors of the Holocaust. The descendants of the most senior Nazis describe the conflicted feelings of guilt and responsibility they carry with them in their daily lives.
 Universalist National Memorial Church (UNMC) is a Unitarian Universalist church located at 1810 16th Street Northwest in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C.. Theologically the church describes itself as both liberal Christian and Universalist.
 The Neoepiblemidae are an extinct family of hystricognath rodents from South America. The genus Dabbenea formerly placed here is now included in Phoberomys (see Horovitz et al. 2006). The delimitation of the present family and the Dinomyidae is in need of review; some genera in the latter (such as Phoberomys and Eusigmomys) are sometimes included here.
 The Da Jacutinga River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 José Alfredo Ortiz Dalliot is a Puerto Rican attorney and politician. He is a former director of the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration (PRFAA) and a former member of the Senate of Puerto Rico.Ortíz Dalliot served at PRFAA during Governor Rafael Hernández Colón's administration.In 2000 he was elected along with professor Margarita Ostolaza as Senator from the District of San Juan.
 Horseshoe Lake is a lake situated in the east side of the Midway High Lakes Area below Mount Adams' northwest flank. The lake is popular for camping quiet boating (electric motors or canoeing) and hiking and biking on a trail half way around the lake. Other activities include scenic viewing and fishing. The lake offers an eleven-site campground administered by the Gifford Pinchot National Forest in the State of Washington.
 DiscO-Zone is the third and final album that was produced and released by the Moldovan band O-Zone. It was first released on June 6 2004 in multiple countries throughout Europe. It features their hit singles Dragostea din tei (Love of the Linden Tree) and Despre Tine (About You). The album was a commercial success in many European countries particularly in Portugal where it was hit number one for eight consecutive weeks and was ranked for 26 weeks in the top 30.
 t zero (original title: Ti con zero) is a 1967 collection of short stories by Italian author Italo Calvino. The title story is based on a particularly uncertain moment in the life of a lion hunter.
 Jeff Fitzgerald (born October 12 1966) is an American politician. He was a Republican Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 39th Assembly District from 2000 until 2013. He was the Speaker of the Assembly in the 100th Wisconsin Legislature. He ran for the United States Senate election in 2012 but lost by a wide margin. After leaving the Assembly he became a lobbyist.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Dezna River in Romania.
 Amaranth is the first studio album of the Korean pop-ballad duo Davichi released on January 28 2008. Actress Lee Mi-yeon and former labelmate Lee Hyori starred in the music video for their debut single I Love You Even Though I Hate You. Many composers contributed to the album including Cho Young Soo Ahn Min Young and Park Geun Tae.
 Luckey’s Club Cigar Store is a cigar shop and bar in Eugene Oregon U.S. It is the oldest retail business in Eugene and among the oldest bars in Oregon.Club Cigar as it was called in the late 1800s did not allow female patrons. A man could go to Luckey’s to shop for a cigar shoot some pool get a shoeshine haircut and shave and order a sandwich at the cafe in the back. Over the years it evolved into a place for older men.
 Hello Crazy World is a 2002 album by South African rock band Prime Circle. A two-disc special edition of the album was released later that year. The album spawned hits such as Hello Same Goes For You Let Me Go and My Inspiration.
 A Hero Ain't Nothin' but a Sandwich is a 1973 young adult novel by Alice Childress.
 The Royal West of England Academy (RWA) is an art gallery where Queens Road meets Whiteladies Road in Bristol England.
 Martha Washington Jefferson Randolph (September 27 1772 – October 10 1836) was the daughter of Thomas Jefferson the third President of the United States and his wife Martha Wayles Skelton Jefferson. Born at Monticello near Charlottesville Virginia she was named for her mother and Martha Washington wife of George Washington.
 Brunswick County Courthouse Square is a historic county courthouse complex and national historic district located at Lawrenceville Brunswick County Virginia. It encompasses four contributing buildings and two contributing objects. They are the courthouse building a clerk's office library jail Confederate war monument and a simple granite slab monument commemorating the county’s veterans of World War I to the Vietnam War. Together they constitute a classic Southern courthouse square.
 Give Us Sugar is the 2-CD compilation album released in 2009 by the alternative rock band Black Lab. It is a collection of assorted rarities from throughout their career including non-LP B-sides and songs previously exclusive to movie soundtracks. It was intended to be released as a limited edition of only 250 sequentially numbered autographed copies but the number of pre-orders far surpassed that limit forcing the band to change the publishing and distribution approach.
 The Uptown Theatre also known as the Balaban and Katz Uptown Theatre is a massive ornate movie palace in the Uptown neighborhood of Chicago Illinois. Designed by Rapp and Rapp and constructed in 1925 it the last of the big three movie palaces built by the Balaban & Katz theatre chain run by A. J.
 Nowe Gorzycko [ˈnɔvɛ ɡɔˈʐɨt͡skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczew within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Pszczew 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Międzyrzecz 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski and 71 km (44 mi) north of Zielona Góra.
 James Clarence Inzer (March 5 1887 – December 20 1967) was an American politician who served as the 16th Lieutenant Governor of Alabama from 1947 to 1951.
 The Montgomery Worsted Mills known today as Montgomery Mills is along the Wallkill River at the end of Factory Street in the Orange County village of Montgomery New York. It was one of the earliest efforts to harness the river for industrial purposes.Founders Arthur Patchett and William Crabtree became prosperous and upstanding citizens who left their mark on the community they lived in.
 Robert Heron Bork (March 1 1927 – December 19 2012) was an American legal scholar who advocated the judicial philosophy of originalism. Bork served as a Yale Law School professor Solicitor General Acting Attorney General and a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. In 1987 he was nominated to the Supreme Court by President Ronald Reagan but the Senate rejected his nomination.
 Williamsburg Historic District is a national historic district located at Williamsburg Blair County Pennsylvania. The district includes 362 contributing buildings and 6 contributing structures in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Williamsburg. The earliest buildings date to the 1830s when the community was expanded as a canal town along the Pennsylvania Main Line Canal.
 Believe Acoustic is the third remix album by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber. It was released on January 29 2013. The album features acoustic and live versions of songs from his third studio album Believe (2012) as well as three new recordings.
 The Upper Hand is a 1966 French thriller film.
 Huwen op Bevel (also known as Terpaksa Menikah both meaning Forced to Marry) is a 1931 romance film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia). Directed by G. Krugers and likely produced by Tan's Film it follows two young lovers who are nearly separated but can ultimately be together. A critical flop it was Krugers's last as a director. It is likely lost.
 Un tour ensemble is a live album of music written and sung by Jean-Jacques Goldman. It was released by Columbia Records in 2003. It was also released on DVD. It was certified platinum in France for sales of 300000 copies.
 Suite Habana is a 2003 Cuban documentary directed by Fernando Pérez.The documentary was filmed with fictional cinema techniques depicting a day in a life of thirteen real people from a ten-year-old child with Down Syndrome to a 79-year-old lady who sells peanuts in the street.The film has no dialogue using sound and image to evoke emotional effect. Several stories are juxtaposed to convey the plot points an unusual approach in Cuban cinema where spoken words are often used extensively.
 Lodi Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Lodi in Seneca County New York. It was constructed in 1880 and it consists of a main block with four steeply pitched gables a corner bell tower and a large single story rear wing. It is built of brick with a coursed stone foundation and water table. It was designed by noted church architect Warren H. Hayes (1847–1899).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Sphincterochila baetica is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sphincterochilidae.
 William Longespée jure uxoris 3rd Earl of Salisbury (c. 1176 – 7 March 1226) was an English noble primarily remembered for his command of the English forces at the Battle of Damme and for remaining loyal to King John. His nickname Longespée is generally taken as a reference to his great size and the outsize weapons he wielded.
 Transa is a 1972 album by Brazilian musician Caetano Veloso. Like its predecessor it was recorded while the artist was exiled in London though he returned to Brazil shortly after completing it.
 African Jim also known as Jim Comes to Jo'burg is a 1949 South African film directed by Donald Swanson and produced by Eric Rutherford. It featured Daniel Adnewmah Dolly Rathebe The African Inkspots Sam Maile and Dan Twala.
 Inga Peulich (born 15 October 1956) is an Australian politician. She is of Bosnian heritage being born Inga Dosen in Bosnia and Herzegovina and migrated to Australia in 1967 with her family.
 Khieu Kanharith (born 13 September 1951) is the Cambodian Minister of Information. Khieu formerly a newspaper editor was first elected to the National Assembly of Cambodia in 1981. He was jailed in 1990 for suspicion of dissident activities; in 1991 Hun Sen asked him to serve as an advisor and in 1992 he was promoted to Minister.Khieu was born in Phnom Penh to Khieu Than who was a customs official and his wife Lor Lienghorn.
 Ryan M. Maher is a Republican member of the South Dakota Senate representing the 28th district since 2006.
 Igelbäcken (Swedish: Leech Rill) is a small stream in northern Stockholm Sweden. The drainage area part of the national park Ekoparken and divided into several nature reserves is shared by the municipalities of Järfälla Sollentuna Solna Stockholm and Sundbyberg.
 The Tyers River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Netumbo Nandi-Ndaitwah (born 29 October 1952) is a Namibian politician. A member of SWAPO Nandi-Ndaitwah served as Namibia's Minister of Environment and Tourism from March 2010 to December 2012 and has served as Minister of Foreign Affairs since December 2012. She is a long-time member of the National Assembly of Namibia.
 Şıhmurat is a village in the District of Yüreğir Adana Province Turkey.
 Lake Quannapowitt is one of two main lakes in Wakefield Massachusetts the other being the manmade Crystal Lake. Lake Quannapowitt is a popular setting for walkers joggers bikers and in-line skaters off Route 128 in Middlesex County. It is the site of many organized races from 5Ks to Ultra Marathons.
 The New River is a 34.4-mile-long (55.4 km) tributary of the Withlacoochee River in the U.S. state of Georgia. Via the Withlacoochee and Suwannee rivers its waters flow to the Gulf of Mexico.The New River rises in the northern outskirts of Tifton Georgia and flows southeast to join the Withlacoochee between the cities of Adel and Nashville. For the lower 2/3 of its course it forms the boundary between Berrien and Cook counties.
 Missisa Lake is a remote lake of northern Ontario Canada located in Cochrane District.
 Mount Sumbing or Gunung Sumbing is an active stratovolcano in Central Java Indonesia symmetrical with Sundoro. The only report of historical eruptions is from 1730. It has created a small phreatic crater at the summit.
 The New Kasson Apartments is a historic apartment building on James Street in Syracuse New York United States that was built in 1898. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.It is significant as a genteel apartment house.
 Sirpur is a village in Saraipali tehsil Mahasamund district Chhattisgarh India.
 Of Life and Love (Italian: Questa è la vita) is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Aldo Fabrizi Giorgio Pastina Mario Soldati and Luigi Zampa.
 Springfield Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Sykesville Carroll County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story brick structure in Flemish bond on a stone foundation. The church was built in 1836 and is a 3-story structure constructed of uncoursed rubble stone covered in stucco. It served as the area's first school as well as the building of worship for the Presbyterian congregation.
 Mitja Ribičič (19 May 1919 – 28 November 2013) was a Slovenian Communist official Yugoslav politician. He was the only Slovenian prime minister of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (1969–1971). Between 1945 and 1957 he was at the top of the repressive system in Slovenia and was accused of violations of human rights and crimes against humanity.
 Any Day Now is the eighth studio album by the American solo artist Scott Walker. It was released in May 1973 but failed to chart. The Me I Never Knew was released as the album's sole single backed with the The Moviegoer opening track; This Way Mary. The album was also the final Walker studio album from Philips Records and he later signed with CBS Records (now Columbia).
 Scald Law the highest of the Pentland Hills is a hill 1.5 km north-west of Penicuik Scotland. The hill is composed of Devonian volcanic rock. The origin of the name is uncertain. Some sources say it derives from the Scots Language word scawed meaning bare while another claims it derives from scaldberry an old name for blackberry.
 The Pointes de Mourti are a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking the glacier of Moiry in the canton of Valais.
 Chaverpada is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by debutant T. S. Jaspal. Manikuttan and Bala play lead roles in this film. Muktha is the heroine. The film throws light on the struggles led by the students against bribery and bureaucracy. The movie is produced under the banner of Souparnika Visual Media.
 Sapphique is a young-adult fantasy and science fiction novel written by Catherine Fisher first published in 2008 in the UK. It is the sequel to Incarceron and concludes the story of Finn's quest for freedom. Sapphique was released in the US in December 2010.Sapphique is also the name of the legendary prisoner who journeyed to escape.
 Favartia cocosensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Gothuruth (also known as San Diego Island) is a village in the state of Kerala India. It is located in the Ernakulam district Paravur Taluk. Kochi city is situated approximately 24 km away from this place. North Paravoor Town is just 4 km away. Kochi International Airport is nearly 24 km away from this island. It is located north of Kochi city.
 Lulworth Abbey was an abbey in Dorset England. It was inhabited by Trappist monks.
 Asar is a village in the District of Göynücek Amasya Province Turkey.
 The Gurjaú River is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
 Peasiella isseli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Cythera is the fourth novel by British science fiction author Richard Calder and was first published in 1998.
 Hay que casar a Ernesto is a 1941 Argentine film.
 Miejsce [ˈmjɛi̯st͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Spytkowice within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Spytkowice 15 km (9 mi) north of Wadowice and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Pagurus armatus the armed hermit crab or black-eyed hermit crab is a species of hermit crab found in the eastern Pacific Ocean of the United States and British Columbia Canada.
 Sahl Mehr Residential Complex (Persian: مجتمع مسكوني ساحل مهر‎ – Mojtame`-ye Maskūnī-ye Sāḥl Mehr) is a village in Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 The Josephus Wolf House in a Victorian Italianate mansion built in 1875. The farm consisted of 4500 acres (1800 ha) in Portage Township Porter County. It was the center piece of a family farm that included four additional buildings for beef and dairy animals. The three story house has 7800 square feet (720 m2). The house consist of 18 rooms with pine molding and red oak floors. The main rooms include a formal parlor kitchen dining room sitting room study and several bedrooms.
 Five is the fifth studio album by guitarist Greg Howe released on October 22 1996 through Shrapnel Records.
 The Financial News is a South Korean daily newspaper. The newspaper's motto is First-Class financial paper/
 Billo Rani is a studio album by Malkit Singh released on 20 November 2009.
 The Dr. H. Huber Block is a historic commercial building in downtown Ottawa Ohio United States. Built in 1882 it was erected for Dr. Hubert Huber a native of Germany who immigrated to the nearby village of Glandorf in 1853. This Italianate three-story brick building is typical of many commercial buildings constructed in villages such as Ottawa in the late nineteenth century: as prosperity increased building owners sought to rebuild their structures in the style of those in large cities.
 A Girl's Tears (Romanian: O lacrimă de fată) is a 1980 Romanian drama film directed by Iosif Demian. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.
 I Wanna See You Bellydance is a 1998 album by the Red Elvises.
 Past Master is a novel by science fiction writer R. A. Lafferty. It was first published in 1968 and was nominated for the 1968 Nebula award (Rite of Passage won) and the 1969 Hugo award (Stand on Zanzibar won). It is generally categorized as part of the New Wave of science fiction.
 Footsteps in the Sand (Bulgarian: Стъпки в пясъка) is a 2010 Bulgarian drama film directed by Ivaylo Hristov.
 Jaruga (Cyrillic: Јаруга) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Katun (Serbian: Катун) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 571 people.
 Pro Wrestling Superstar Biography (プロレススーパースター列伝 Pro Wrestling Superstar Retsuden) is a shōnen manga written by Ikki Kajiwara and drawn by Kunichika Harada. The manga was serialized in Shōnen Sunday from 1980 volume 23 through 1983 volume 26.
 A Guy Thing is a 2003 American comedy film directed by Chris Koch and starring Jason Lee Julia Stiles and Selma Blair.
 Dikyamaç is a village in the District of Arhavi Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 93 people.
 Schloss Gutenberg is a castle in Styria Austria.Schloss Gutenberg stands on a prominent rock by the Raabklamm in Gutenberg an der Raabklamm parish.
 Hengstener Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Božine (Serbian: Божине) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Chapter One is the name of the Collage debut album released on June 10 1994 by the label Viper / Metropolitan Records.From that album came out three singles I'll Be Loving You the single most successful album reaching No. 56 position on Billboard Hot 100 Gangster of Love and Diana which did not reach the same success of the first single.
 Chehel Asiab (Persian: چهل اسياب‎ also Romanized as Chehel Āsīāb) is a village in Dasht-e Bil Rural District in the Central District of Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 31 families.
 Essence & Rare 82–92 is a compilation album by Everything but the Girl released only in Japan on December 1 1992.
 Fourpeaked Volcano is an active stratovolcano in Alaska. The Alaska Volcano Observatory currently rates Fourpeaked Volcano as Aviation Alert Level Green and Volcanic-alert Level Normal. It is nearly completely covered by Fourpeaked Glacier.
 Vadina (Telugu: వదిన) is a 1955 Telugu drama film directed by M. V. Raman and produced by A. V. Meiyappan under the banner of A. V. M. Productions.
 Larom Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake Franklin County New York. It was built between 1905 and 1910 and is a 2 1⁄2-story wood frame dwelling with a stone foundation and gable roof in the Queen Anne style. It features a first-floor cure porch located in a 2 1⁄2-story addition.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 José Rodrigo Rivera Salazar (born 20 April 1963) is a Colombian politician. A lawyer and journalist by trade Rivera served in the Congress first as a Member of the Chamber of Representatives for two terms from 1990 to 1998 and then as Senator of Colombia for two terms from 1998 to 2006 when he retired from Congress to run ultimately unsuccessfully for the 2006 Liberal presidential nomination.
 Le Grand Méliès is a 1952 short documentary film directed by Georges Franju about the life of the film pioneer Georges Méliès.
 Borderline was a comics magazine created by former Comics International news and features editor Phil Hall which was published from 2001–2003. Borderline was the first PDF comics magazine available to read on a computer or as a print-out.[citation needed]Borderline was a cross between The Comics Journal and the NME[citation needed] with a heavy mix of mainstream American/British and international comic books.
 The National Presbyterian Church is a Christian congregation of approximately 1800 members of all ages from the greater metropolitan Washington D.C. area. The motto of the church is A ministry of grace passionate about Christ's mission in the world.The congregation meets at 4101 Nebraska Ave. NW Washington D.C.
 Ant in a Glass Jar: Chechen Diaries 1994–2004 (Russian: Муравей в стеклянной банке. Чеченские дневники 1994–2004 is a 2014 documentary book that is an author's diary about the years spent in Chechnya from 1994 until 2004. It was written by Polina Zherebtsova while she was 9–19 years old.
 Joseph-Octave Samson (9 January 1862 – 10 December 1945) was a Canadian politician serving as Mayor of Quebec City from March 1920 to March 1926.After working with business interests including his joint founding of the Samson & Filion Hardware company in 1887 Samson became a Quebec City councillor at the Saint-Pierre ward from 1904 to 1906 and again from 1908 to 1910. Samson was elected mayor of Quebec City on 16 February 1920.
 Kahn-e Rasul Bakhsh (Persian: كهن رسول بخش‎ also Romanized as Kahn-e Rasūl Bakhsh; also known as Qanāt-e Rasūl Bakhsh) is a village in Zaboli Rural District in the Central District of Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 36 families.
 Burstead Grange was a priory in Essex England.
 Kali Yug: Goddess of Vengeance (Italian: Kali Yug la dea della vendetta and also known as Vengeance of Kali) is a 1963 Italian fantasy film directed by Mario Camerini and starring Paul Guers.
 Drieňok is a mountain in the Greater Fatra Range of Slovakia measuring 1268 m (4160 ft). The typical pyramidal shape of the mountain which lies on the edge of the range steeply rises over the Turiec valley and is easily recognizable from any direction. Under the summit there is an emblematic dead and dry tree.
 Derzhavin is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 159 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Derzhavin is named for the Russian poet Gavrila Derzhavin who lived from 1743 to 1816.
 Robb Farm is a historic home and farm located at Walker Township in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 Garuda Mall is a shopping mall in the city of Bangalore. It is situated on Magrath Road near Brigade Road and is one among the popular malls in Bangalore.
 Rimula dorriae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 House of Cards is a 1993 drama film directed by Michael Lessac and starring Kathleen Turner and Tommy Lee Jones. It follows the struggle of a mother to reconnect with her daughter who has been traumatized by the death of her father. The film premiered at the 1993 Sundance Film Festival before being acquired by Miramax Films for distribution in June of the same year.
 Randam Bhavam (Malayalam: രണ്ടാം ഭാവം English: The Second Persona) is a 2001 Malayalam film directed by Lal Jose written by Ranjan Pramod. It stars Suresh Gopi in dual role along with Biju Menon Thilakan Poornima Mohan Lena Narendra Prasad Lal (actor) and Srividya. The movie was an average grosser at the box office.
 It's a Bird is a graphic novel released by Vertigo in 2004. It was written by Steven T. Seagle with art by Teddy Kristiansen.
 Sarvu (Persian: سروو‎ also Romanized as Sarvū; also known as Sarv) is a village in Kuhak Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 33 families.
 The Blackfoot River is a tributary of the Snake River in the U.S. state of Idaho. Formed by the confluence of Diamond Creek and Lanes Creek it flows 135 miles (217 km) to its mouth at the Snake River. The river is part of the Columbia River Basin.The Blackfoot River's drainage basin is approximately 1097 square miles (2841 km2) in area.
 Potoczek [pɔˈtɔt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jerzmanowa within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Jerzmanowa 11 km (7 mi) south of Głogów and 87 km (54 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Hartmanice (German: Hartmannitz) is a village in the Czech Republic with a population of 270. It is located in the Svitavy District of the Pardubice Region. It is 608 meters above sea-level. It was first documented in 1437. The Chapel of Saint John of Nepomuk is on the hill over the village built in the 18th century.
 Avon Fantasy Reader was a digest size magazine (sometimes classed as a series of anthologies) which reprinted science fiction and fantasy literature by now well-known authors. It was edited by Donald A. Wollheim and published by Avon. The magazine had one spin off Avon Science Fiction Reader with which it merged on its cancellation to become Avon Science Fiction and Fantasy Reader.
 Shaikh Isa Palace is a palace in western Bahrain. The Palace lies just northeast of Al Rawda Palace in Riffa.
 La prova d'amore is a 1974 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 'That Was a Moment' is The Goodwill's debut album. It was released on February 11 2003.
 Joshua Orwa Ojode (29 December 1958 – 10 June 2012) was a Kenyan politician.He was first appointed into parliament on June 28 1994 to represent Ndhiwa Constituency. He belonged to the Orange Democratic Movement representing the Ndhiwa Constituency in the National Assembly of Kenya since the Kenyan parliamentary election 2007. He was the assistant minister for provincial administration and internal security.
 The Philippine Frogmouth (Batrachostomus septimus) is a nocturnal bird that is found throughout the Philippine archipelago. It is common in lowland forests and maturing second growth. Little information is known about the bird. It feeds on grasshoppers cicadas crickets and beetles.
 William Lewis Guy (September 30 1919 – April 26 2013) was the governor of the U.S. state of North Dakota from 1961 to 1973. Guy was North Dakota's longest serving governor in state history serving two consecutive two-year terms and two four-year terms in office.At 93 he was the oldest of the six living current or previous governors of North Dakota.
 Hundem is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Latgales Laiks is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
 Queen of Hearts is a 1936 British musical comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Gracie Fields John Loder and Enid Stamp-Taylor. It was made at Ealing Studios.
 The Eastgate Shopping Centre is an shopping center based in Bedfordview in the near of the Bedford Gardens in the state Gauteng.
 Veera Telanagana is a 2010 Telugu film directed by R. Narayana Murthy. The film's cast include R. Narayana Murthy Vijayaranga Raju.
 Christian Music Planet was a magazine that was owned and operated by Educational Media Foundation from 2002 until 2007 when it was sold to Salem Communications Corp.
 Lush Life is a Grammy Award-winning album by American singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt released in late 1984. It was the second in a trilogy of jazz albums with bandleader/arranger Nelson Riddle. John Kosh designed the album covers for all 3 albums.It peaked at #13 on the Billboard album chart and was certified platinum in just several weeks becoming Ronstadt's record tenth million-selling platinum album overall.
 William Hanes Ayres (February 5 1916 – December 27 2000) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Ohio.
 Mount Darwin is a mountain in the West Coast Range Tasmania Australia named after Charles Darwin.
 The Amazing Scarlet Spider is the name of a short-lived comic book series starring the Scarlet Spider. It was published by Marvel Comics for two issues from November 1995 to December 1995. The book was a direct continuation in terms of creative teams and storylines of the series The Amazing Spider-Man which the title temporarily replaced for two months between issues 406 and 407.It was one of four briefly published books which featured the character.
 The Girl Who Wouldn't Work is an extant 1925 silent film produced by B. P. Schulberg and starring Lionel Barrymore and Marguerite De La Motte. Preferred Pictures and Al Lichtman handled the distribution of this film directed by one Marcel De Sano. It is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Jeremy H. Oden (Born October 7 1968) is an American politician and is a member of the Republican Party. Oden is the current Place 1 Commissioner on the Alabama Public Service Commission. Prior to joining the PSC Oden was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives. He was first elected to the State House in 1998 and resigned effective December 3 2012.
 Galen Hadley (born March 9 1942 in Lincoln Nebraska) is a Nebraska state senator and former mayor of Kearney Nebraska United States in the Nebraska Legislature .
 Letters Home is a collection of letters written by Sylvia Plath to her family between her years at college in 1950 and her death at age 30. Sylvia's mother Aurelia Schober Plath edited the letters and agreed to have the collection published by Harper & Row in 1975.Letters Home contains an introduction by Aurelia Plath who adds bits of commentary and context throughout.
 Regret Over the Wires is an album by Matthew Ryan released September 23 2003 by Hybrid Recordings.
 Braunhardsberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 Flat Creek is a 34.0-mile-long (54.7 km) tributary of the Appomattox River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It rises just east of the town of Burkeville in Nottoway County and flows north into Amelia County then northeast to join the Appomattox River 28 miles (45 km) northwest of Petersburg.
 Hybrid Child (ハイブリッド チャイルド Haiburiddo Chairudo) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shungiku Nakamura; the creator of Junjou Romantica. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint June on August 16 2006. An OVA adaptation of the manga was announced as being in development in 2011.
 Night of the Living Drag Queens is the second full-length release by North Carolina punk band the Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13. It was originally released on Uncle God Damn Records in 1998 and was later re-released on Century Media Records in collaboration with People Like You Records in 1999 as a Digi-Pack. It is also featured in the 2006 box set Little Box of Horrors.
 Bazmavep (Armenian: Բազմավէպ Polyhistory) is an academic journal covering Armenian studies. It is published by the Mechitarist monastery in San Lazzaro degli Armeni Venice Italy. Bazmavep was established by Gabriel Aivazovsky and Ghevond Alishan in May 1843 with the initial intention of publishing for three years. Previous editors-in-chief have been Gabriel Aivazovsky (1843-1848) and Ghevont Alishan (1849-1851). The current editor is Sahak Chemchemean.
 For the mythological clan begat by the Greek king Abas see Abantiades (mythology).Abantiades is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae. There are 14 described species all found exclusively in Australia. The group includes some large species with a wingspan of up to 160 mm. The larvae feed on the roots of Eucalyptus and other trees.The Pindi Moth (A.
 The Somerville Hospital campus is a community teaching hospital located at 230 Highland Avenue in Somerville Massachusetts - near Porter Square and Davis Square.It is one of three hospital campuses that are part of Cambridge Health Alliance.
 Sugar Honey and Pepper (Italian: Zucchero miele e peperoncino) is a 1980 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Martino.
 The Meander River is a river in the central north of the state of Tasmania Australia. Until the founding of Westbury in the early 1820s the river was known as The Western River.It flows from the Great Western Tiers past its namesake town Meander through the major regional town of Deloraine then eastward where it flows into the South Esk River near Hadspen.The damming of the river in 2007 created the artificial reservoir; Lake Huntsman.
 Aghuzbon (Persian: اغوزبن‎ also Romanized as Āghūzbon) is a village in Lafur Rural District Shirgah District Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 16 families.
 Henningsvær Church (Norwegian: Henningsvær kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Henningsvær. The church is part of the Henningsvær parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. Henningsvær Chapel was first built in Henningsvær in 1852. A new church was built in 1974 to replace the old chapel. The current church is built to seat about 250 people.
 Dentimargo eburneolus common name the tan marginella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Carposina plumbeonitida is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to Kauai and Hawaii.
 Liberty Stands Still is a 2002 film starring Wesley Snipes and Linda Fiorentino. Directed by Kari Skogland it is a thriller about a man seeking revenge for his daughter's death. Following its screening at the Palm Springs International Film Festival the film failed to get a proper theatrical release and was released straight to DVD on October 22 2002.
 The African yellow bat (Scotophilus dinganii) is a species of vesper bat. It can be found in Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Djibouti Eritrea Ethiopia Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Lesotho Liberia Malawi Mali Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Togo Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.
 Młynik [ˈmwɨnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Śniadowo 12 km (7 mi) west of Łomża and 84 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Straumfjordvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county Norway. The 3.72-square-kilometre (1.44 sq mi) lake lies about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) east of the village of Bogen.
 We Sing. is the first EP of a three EP collection that was available for a limited time from singer/songwriter Jason Mraz to help promote his third studio album We Sing. We Dance. We Steal Things. Physical copies of this EP are rare. It was mainly released for those who pre-ordered We Sing We Dance We Steal Things from JasonMraz.com. The EP was released on March 18 2008. The EP is also included on the Limited Edition of We Sing. We Dance. We Steal Things.
 Benimakia cloveri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Fitches Creek is a stream and neighbourhood of Antigua and Barbuda. It is located on the island of Antigua.Named for the family name Fitch ( English surname) whom may have originally owed the surrounding land.The surrounding area is now a nice neighborhood in the parish of St George's. Fitches Creek is known for being one of the affluent coastal communities on the island along with Crosbies and Hodges Bay.[edit]
 Dictyna ignobilis is spider species found in Moldavia and Armenia.
 The Stour River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It rises in two main branches the East Branch and West Branch to the southeast of Lake Heron flowing generally south to meet the south branch of the Ashburton River 15 kilometres west of the settlement of Mount Somers.
 The Chaplin Revue is a 1959 film comprising three silent films made by Charlie Chaplin. The three shorts included are A Dog's Life Shoulder Arms and The Pilgrim. All three star Chaplin's trademark character The Tramp. For the 1959 release Chaplin added a soundtrack to help appeal to modern audiences. Chaplin also added extra footage including clips from World War I to express the context.
 Orophodontidae is a family of extinct ground sloths within the order Pilosa and suborder Folivora. The taxon is often disused with genus members reassigned.This family is related to the other families of extinct ground sloths Megatheriidae Mylodontidae Nothrotheriidae and Scelidotheriidae. The only extant families of the suborder Folivora are Bradypodidae and Megalonychidae. The orophodontids constitute a rather small but quite distinct group.
 Lirceus is a genus of isopod crustaceans in the family Asellidae that live in southern Canada and the eastern United States as far west as the Great Plains.
 Tolombeh-ye Amirabad-e Darestan (Persian: تلمبه اميراباددارستان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Amīrābād-e Dārestān) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Metareva endoscota is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1909. It is found in Peru.
 The Habit of Happiness is a 1916 American silent comedy film directed by Allan Dwan and filmed by cinematographer Victor Fleming. The film was written by Allan Dwan and Shannon Fife from a suggestion by D. W. Griffith and stars Douglas Fairbanks. A 16mm print of the film is preserved in a private collection.
 Doubelievengod is the third album by Natas released in 1995.
 First Church of Belfast is a historic church on Church Street in Belfast Maine.It was built in 1818 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Jobbers Canyon Historic District was a large industrial and warehouse area comprising 24 buildings located in downtown Omaha Nebraska USA. It was roughly bound by Farnam Street on the north South Eighth Street on the east Jackson Street on the south and South Tenth Street on the west. In 1989 all 24 buildings in Jobbers Canyon were demolished representing the largest National Register historic district lost to date.
 The Straua River is a tributary of the Deju River in Romania.
 Sukhee Kang (born September 15 1952) is a U.S. Democratic Party politician from Orange County California. From 2008 to 2012 Kang served as mayor of Irvine California the first Korean American to serve in that position. On July 6 2011 he announced his candidacy for the United States Congress but lost the election to incumbent John Campbell.
 Moaciria moraveci is a parasitic worm infecting a Hylophorbus frog on Fergusson Island Papua New Guinea. It is a member of the genus Moaciria a nematode in the family Heterakidae. Moaciria was first described in 1956 from the Brazilian Noronha skink but other species from more parts of the world have since been described.Moaciria moraveci is a small but stout nematode. The male is smaller than the female.
 The Iazul Morților River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Hick is a dramatic feature film directed by Derick Martini based on the novel of the same name by Andrea Portes that draws on non-fictional elements. It premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 10 2011. It had a limited theatrical release on May 11 and is distributed by Phase 4 Films.
 Our Vines Have Tender Grapes is an American drama film released in 1945 which was directed by Roy Rowland starring Edward G. Robinson and Margaret O'Brien.
 A Sorrow Beyond Dreams (German: Wunschloses Unglück) is a 1972 semi-autobiographical novella by the Austrian writer Peter Handke. It is based on the life of Handke's mother.
 The Emphietsoglou Gallery Museum is an art Gallery in Athens Greece. It is sited in Marousi near the metro station. Its founder Prodromos Emphietsoglou gave his private art collection of over 500 works to the public. These days the Emphietsoglou gallery offers a review of 750 works of modern Greek art including some of the best paintings from the last 200 years.
 Haruri is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Orette Bruce Golding (born 5 December 1947) is a former Jamaican politician who served as eighth Prime Minister of Jamaica from 11 September 2007 to 23 October 2011. He is a member of the Jamaica Labour Party which he led from 2005 to his resignation in 2011.
 The Brown Mountain forest is located in East Gippsland Victoria (Australia) and is notable for containing large tracts of old growth forest including over fifty Shining Gum trees estimated to be over 300 years old.
 Someone Behind the Door is a French film directed by Nicolas Gessner. The original French title was Quelqu'un derrière la porte and in the UK it was twice retitled as Two Minds For Murder (theatrical title) and Brainkill (VHS title). The film was shot on location in Folkestone England.
 The Hanson Place Central United Methodist Church is a Methodist cathedral in the Fort Greene neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City located on the northwest corner of Hanson Place and St. Felix Street adjacent to the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower. The church is the third Methodist church on the site.
 Independent Presbyterian Church is a congregation of the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) located on the Southside in Birmingham Alabama. Initially started by a group of 25 following controversy over doctrinal issues within a local congregation the church now has approximately 2400 members.
 Molla Ali (Persian: ملاعلي‎ also Romanized as Mollā ‘Alī and Mulla-Ali) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 16 families.
 Coleophora longipalpella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkey.
 The Ben of Howth (Irish: Beann Éadair ) is a hilly area on Howth Head adjacent to the 171 metre high Black Linn the peninsula's highest point. Lying approximately 1½ km to the south of Howth village the nearest road is Windgate Road from which a path leads west past Green Hallows quarry.Two of Howth's other peaks are nearby Shelmartin or Shielmartin which lies approximately 1 km to the west and Dun Hill 0.5 km to the north west.
 Mannheim is a historic home and former grist mill located at San Mar Washington County Maryland United States. The house is a 2-story three-bay structure built of roughly coursed local limestone with a one-story stone kitchen wing. Also on the property is a large frame bank barn and a small board-and-batten service kitchen or wash house. Nearby are the remains of a saw mill a large 2 1⁄2-story grist mill.
 Scott Bundgaard is a Republican politician who served in the Arizona legislature. He served as the majority leader of the Arizona State Senate from January 10 2011 until his ouster on March 15 2011 by a vote of the Senate Republican caucus due to a personal scandal.
 The Stehekin River is a river located in Washington state in the Pacific Northwest of the United States. It is the main river flowing into Lake Chelan. Miners arrived in Stehekin River Valley in the late 19th century. They were followed by homesteaders in the early 20th century.
 Cieśle [ˈt͡ɕɛɕlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Gołuchów 6 km (4 mi) south-east of Pleszew and 88 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mount Desor is the tallest mountain within Isle Royale National Park. Located on Isle Royale in Lake Superior and with an elevation of 1394 feet (420 m) it is the third highest peak on the lake. The 45-mile long Greenstone Ridge Trail crosses the summit of Mount Desor as it traverses the length of the island.
 Lost Senses More Innocence is the first release by Metalcore outfit Nodes of Ranvier. It is an album brought out in 2002 under Facedown Records.
 Crown Perth is an entertainment complex located in Burswood Western Australia near the Swan River. The complex consists of a casino convention centre with meeting rooms theatre two ballrooms and previously a golf course; along with a numerous restaurants and bars. It also features two hotels: the 405-room Crown Metropol Perth and 291-room Crown Promenade Perth.
 Louis de Buade Comte de Frontenac et de Palluau (May 22 1622 – November 28 1698) was a French soldier courtier and Governor General of New France from 1672 to 1682 and from 1689 to his death in 1698.
 Cibola Burn is a 2014 science fiction novel by James S. A. Corey (pen name of Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck). It follows the crew of the Rocinante as they join the flood of humanity out into the galaxy using the gates built by the ancient civilization that also produced the protomolecule. It is the fourth book in The Expanse series.
 Siemowo [ɕeˈmɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostyń within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Gostyń and 56 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 450.
 Dry Heat (我らの水はどこにある Warera no Mizu wa Doko ni Aru) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yugi Yamada. It was seralised in Hanaoto magazine and collected into a bound volume by Houbunsha in 2002. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its June imprint on 24 February 2010.
 Scavenius' Stiftelse is a listed building situated on the west side of the town square in Sorø Denmark.
 Pełczyn [ˈpɛu̯t͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trawniki within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Trawniki 21 km (13 mi) east of Świdnik and 31 km (19 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Sněžka or Śnieżka (in Czech and Polish Schneekoppe in German) is a mountain on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland the most prominent point of the Silesian Ridge in the Krkonoše mountains. At 1603.30 metres (5260.2 ft) its summit is the highest point in the Czech Republic in the Krkonoše and in the entire Sudetes range system.
 Homoeosoma stenotea is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Hampson in 1926. It is found in Zimbabwe and South Africa.
 Last House Standing (Fang dong jiang xian sheng) is a documentary filmed in Shanghai featuring interviews of Uncle Jiang about his reluctance to sell his 1930s mansion in a district zoned for demolition.Jiang talks about his family his loneliness the Cultural Revolution and the relationship formed with his interviewer reporter Zi Miss Tomboy Liang.
 Podbrđe (Cyrillic: Подбрђе) is a village in Croatia.
 CD Type Thing is the first album by Huntington Beach pop punk band Big Drill Car released in 1989. Many consider this album both to be a classic of the late 80s hardcore punk scene and the peak of Big Drill Car's career.The title of the album changed with the format it was presented on: the compact disc version was entitled CD Type Thing the vinyl format was called Album Type Thing and the audio cassette version was called Tape Type Thing.
 Derby Dam is a diversion dam on the Truckee River located between Reno and Fernley in Storey and Washoe counties in the U.S. state of Nevada. It diverts water that would otherwise feed Pyramid Lake into the Carson River watershed for irrigation use. It is operated by the Truckee-Carson Irrigation District. The dam was named after the Derby Southern Pacific Railroad station.The project was authorized by Ethan A.
 Atlas of the Prehistoric World is a book by Douglas Palmer. It was published in 1999 by Random House Inc..
 Gloriana is the self-titled debut album of the American country music group Gloriana. It was released on August 4 2009 via Emblem Music Group with Warner Bros. Records Nashville serving as distributor. The album debuted at position number 3 on US Billboard 200 and number 2 on Billboard Country Albums.
 Wieczfnia-Kolonia [ˈvjɛt͡ʂfɲa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Blue Collar Comedy Tour: One for the Road is a 2006 television film and two-disc CD album.
 Carposina capnarcha is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1938. It is found in New Guinea.
 Tammy was a weekly British comic for girls published by Fleetway in London from 1971 to 1984 at which point it merged with Girl.
 Frits and Freddy (Dutch: Frits en Freddy) is a 2010 Flemish-Belgian comedy film directed by Guy Goossens.
 Mount Kapalatmada is a mountain in the Maluku Islands Indonesia. At an elevation of 2700 metres (8858 ft) above sea level it is the highest point on the Indonesian island of Buru.
 He Knows You're Alone is a 1980 American slasher film directed by Armand Mastroianni written by Scott Parker and edited by George Norris. It was one of the first horror films to be influenced by the success of 1978's Halloween and shares a number of similarities with that previous hit. Although appearing in only a small role this is Tom Hanks' film debut.
 Quantum Hoops is a 2007 documentary film directed by Rick Greenwald that follows the California Institute of Technology's basketball team—the Caltech Beavers—in their attempts to end a 21-year losing streak during the final week of the 2006 basketball season.The documentary premiered on January 26 2007 at the 2007 Santa Barbara International Film Festival where it won a Top 10 Audience Choice Award.
 Emden is a lunar crater that is located in the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It is named after Jacob Robert Emden (1862-1940).The crater lies to the northwest of the larger crater Rowland and to the east-northeast of Tikhov. It has been heavily damaged by subsequent impacts leaving the rim worn and irregular and the interior partly covered by craters.
 The Bath Times is a weekly free newspaper published in Somerset England with three editions covering Bath Midsomer Norton Radstock and Frome. It is owned by Northcliffe Media part of the Daily Mail and General Trust newsgroup.As of 2006 the Bath Times is no longer in existence.
 Guest of Honour is a 1934 British comedy film directed by George King and starring Henry Kendall Micki Hood Edward Chapman and Joan Playfair. In the film an aristocrat unmasks a blackmailer. It is based on F. Anstey's 1903 play The Man from Blankley's which had been made as a 1920 Paramount silent The Fourteenth Man and the 1930 John Barrymore talkie The Man from Blankley's.
 A Curious Feeling is the début solo album from Genesis keyboardist Tony Banks.
 Pristilepis oligolepis the spinyface soldier is a species of soldierfish found in association with reefs in the Indian and Pacific Oceans. It can be found at depths of from 14 to 220 metres (46 to 722 ft). This species grows to a length of 30 centimetres (12 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Leżajsk transmitter is a 130 metre guyed steel mast localisation of the Giedlarowa village near by Leżajsk.The object belongs to the INFO-TV-OPERATOR company.
 Brooklyn Bridge is the eponymous debut album from the American band The Brooklyn Bridge. It was released in 1968 by Buddah Records.
 The George Baker House is a historic residence in unincorporated Milton Township near Glen Ellyn Illinois. The Greek Revival house features a limestone exterior on a stone foundation and an asphalt roof. It was constructed for and designed by George Baker in 1847. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Punjabi Tribune is a Punjabi language daily newspaper owned by The Tribune Trust publishes in the East Punjab (India). It was launched on 15 August 1978 and became online on the internet in August 2010.
 The Ritz-Carlton Denver formerly known as the Embassy Suites Downtown is a skyscraper in Denver Colorado. The building a part of the Denver Place complex was completed in 1983 and rises 38 floors and 390 feet (119 m) in height. The building stands as the eighteenth-tallest building in Denver and Colorado.
 Sonic the Hedgehog Boom: The Music from Sonic CD and Sonic Spinball also shortened as Sonic Boom is the official soundtrack album to the 1993 platform video games Sonic the Hedgehog CD (US ver.) and Sonic the Hedgehog Spinball released by Sega as part of the Sonic the Hedgehog series.
 David Alexander Nunn (July 26 1833 – September 11 1918) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives from Tennessee's 8th congressional district.
 Mesodica aggerata is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It is found on Java.
 Hajjiabad-e Do (Persian: حاجي اباددو‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Do; also known as Ḩājīābād) is a village in Gowdin Rural District in the Central District of Kangavar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 15 families.
 Lambhouse: The Collection 1991–1998 is Unsane's second compilation album released in 2003 through Relapse Records. It is a CD/DVD greatest hits compilation and collection of live and promotional videos by the band.
 Hornblower and the Atropos is a 1953 historical novel by C.S. Forester.Horatio Hornblower is posted to HMS Atropos the smallest vessel in the Royal Navy that merits command by a post-captain as he salvages treasure from the Mediterranean Sea.
 Fair Trades and Farewells is a 2004 EP released by the band Hot Cross on Level Plane featuring a total of six tracks. It was their first album to be recorded solely by the band.
 The 88 is the debut album from New Zealand band Minuit.The album achieved gold certification in New Zealand.
 Roy Orbison's Many Moods also known as The Many Moods of Roy Orbison is an album recorded by Roy Orbison for MGM Records released in May 1969. It included two singles both of which were minor hits in England; Heartache which just missed the Top Forty stalling at #44 and Walk On which scraped into the same chart stopping at #39.
 Yolina is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Yolina baerti Biström 1983 Yolina balfourbrownei Biström 1988 Yolina brincki (Omer-Cooper 1965) Yolina chopardi (Guignot 1950) Yolina elegantula (Boheman 1848) Yolina inopinata (Omer-Cooper 1955) Yolina insignis (Sharp 1882) Yolina kongouensis Bilardo & Rocchi 1999 Yolina libera Biström 1987 Yolina royi Biström 1983 Yolina sima (Omer-Cooper 1965) Yolina wewalkai Biström 1983↑
 Vedanta Kesari (The lion of Vedanta) (formerly Brahmavadin) is a spiritual and cultural monthly magazine which has been published in English from the Ramakrishna Math monastery in Chennai India since 1895.
 The Wells Fargo Building also known as Wells Fargo Center is a skyscraper located at 1500 Broadway Street in Lubbock Texas. According to Emporis the building is the 2nd tallest in Lubbock behind only the Metro Tower. A water main break in January 2009 caused the building to have to be evacuated and temporarily closed.
 The Ma River (Vietnamese: Sông Mã Lao: Nam Ma) is a river in Asia originating in northwestern Vietnam. It runs for 400 km through Vietnam Laos and then back through Vietnam meeting the sea at the Gulf of Tonkin.The largest tributaries of the Ma River are the Chu River (or the Nam Sam River as it is called in Laos) the Bưởi River and the Cầu Chày River.
 Bhadrakali is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3621 people living in 619 individual households.
 Superstition Mountain (Yavapai: Wi:kchsawa O'odham: Gakoḍk) is located immediately east of the Phoenix metropolitan area in Arizona. It anchors the west end of the Superstition Wilderness. Although its precise origin is debated by geologists many believe that the mountain was formed from volcanic activity as far back as 25 million years ago.
 In 1842 a small group of faithful Episcopalians gathered and worshipped at the Greene County Courthouse. They organized as the “Greeneville Parish Greene County” and gained admission to the 1848 Convention of the Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee. With the support of several visiting clergy they became a formal parish at the diocesan convention in July 1849.The parish constructed the present church building in 1850 modified it in 1894 and further enlarged the structure in 1951.
 Tazeh Kand (Persian: تازه كند‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand; also known as Tāzeh Kand-e Panāhī) is a village in Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 31 families.
 Glyphipterix metron is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Diakonoff in 1948. It is found on Buru.
 This article is about the crater on the Moon. See also Nicholson (crater).Nicholson is a lunar impact crater located at the western limb. In this position it is subject to libration which can limit observation. The crater is also viewed at a very oblique angle so it is seen from the side when observed from the Earth. It is an irregular somewhat pear-shaped formation that has an uneven rim due to its location amidst rugged ground.
 The Terra Nova River (Pernambuco) is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
 Live at Georgia Theatre is the fifth album and first live album by American artist Derek Trucks and The Derek Trucks Band released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).This album is one of 10 Live jam releases of this century according to the August issue of Guitar One magazine.
 The Blue Angel is a 1959 American drama film directed by Edward Dmytryk. The film is a remake of the Josef von Sternberg 1930 film about the vicious Lola-Lola and the troubled aged Professor Rath who plays into her hands.
 The Urdești River is a tributary of the Elan River in Romania.
 Fighting Beauty Wulong (格闘美神武龍 Kakutō Bishin Ūron) is a seinen manga series by Yūgo Ishikawa There are currently 19 volumes. The story has been adapted into an anime which spans two series. Both anime series covers volume 00-18. The first series is Fighting Beauty Wulong and the second is Fighting Beauty Wulong: Rebirth.
 The Mystery at the Ski Jump is the twenty-ninth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1952 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Alma Sasse.
 Charles Benjamin Howard (27 September 1885 – 25 March 1964) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Smith's Mills Quebec in Stanstead County and became a businessman industrialist and lumber merchant.Howard attended high school at Sherbrooke then Stanstead Wesleyan College. In 1923 he assumed the presidency of his family's lumber operation B.C. Howard Company following his father's death.
 Karymsky Lake is a crater lake located in the Karymsky volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.With a radius of 5 km it was once one of the world's largest fresh water lakes but as a result of a recent eruption toxic gases turned this into one of the largest acid water lakes.
 Bagh-e Esfahanuiyeh (Persian: باغ اصفهانوئيه‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Eṣfahānū’īyeh; also known as Eṣfehānūueeyeh) is a village in Golzar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 21 families.
 Laws of Attraction is a 2004 Irish-British-German romantic comedy film directed by Peter Howitt based on a story by Aline Brosh McKenna and screenplay by Robert Harling and McKenna. It stars Pierce Brosnan and Julianne Moore. It has grossed $30 million on a budget of $32 million.[citation needed]
 Kangaroo Palace is a 1997 drama television movie which aired on Seven Network.
 Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque (Arabic: مسجد السيدة زينب‎) is a mosque located in the city of Sayyidah Zaynab in the southern suburbs of Damascus Syria. According to Shia Muslim tradition the mosque contains the grave of Zaynab the daughter of ‘Alī and Fātimah and granddaughter of Muhammad. Sunni Muslim tradition places Zaynab's tomb in the mosque of the same name in Cairo Egypt.
 Court House Crooks is a 1915 short comedy film. It features Harold Lloyd in an uncredited role.
 The Lewis Mumford House is located on Leedsville Road (Dutchess County Route 2) in the Town of Amenia New York United States. It is a white Federal style building dating to the 1830s.Social philosopher historian and cultural critic Lewis Mumford and his wife bought the house in the late 1920s originally using it as a summer house. By the mid-1930s they decided to make it their permanent residence for a few years. That period extended to more than half a century the rest of Mumford's life.
 The Laugh On Dad is a 1918 comedy Australian silent film. It is considered a lost film.
 Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Kłomnice 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 78 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 174.
 Patricia Law née Bolter (born 17 March 1954) was the Blaenau Gwent People's Voice AM for Blaenau Gwent in Wales between 2006 and 2011.
 Mitromica africana is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Bell's Weekly Messenger was a British Sunday newspaper that began publication on 1 May 1786 under proprietorship of John Bell. Initially a Sunday paper from 1799 the London edition was reprinted on Monday for nationwide distribution. By 1803 it was selling 6000 copies a week at sixpence a copy.
 Juan C. Vargas (born March 7 1961) is an American politician who has been the U.S. Representative for California's 51st congressional district since 2013. The district includes all of Imperial County as well as the southernmost portions of San Diego County. He is a Democrat. Vargas previously served in the California State Senate representing the 40th District the California State Assembly representing the 79th district and the San Diego City Council.
 The Hucksters is a 1947 MGM film directed by Jack Conway and starring Clark Gable that marked the debut of Deborah Kerr in an American film. The supporting cast includes Sydney Greenstreet Adolphe Menjou Keenan Wynn Edward Arnold and Ava Gardner. The movie is based on the novel The Hucksters by Frederic Wakeman Sr.
 Nowy Młyn [ˈnɔvɨ ˈmwɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Talalpsee or Talsee is a lake at an elevation of 1086 m above Filzbach in the Canton of Glarus Switzerland. Its surface area is 3.2 ha.
 Silent Love (Dutch: Een stille liefde) is a 1977 Dutch drama film written and directed by René van Nie. It was entered into the 10th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Road to Paradise is a 1930 all-talking pre-code drama film produced and distributed by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros. and starring Loretta Young Jack Mulhall and Raymond Hatton. It was directed by William Beaudine and is based on a 1920 Dodson Mitchell play called Cornered. The film was a remake of a 1924 silent version entitled Cornered which was also directed by William Beaudine.
 Duckmaloi River a perennial stream that is part of the Macquarie catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.The Duckmaloi River rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range east of Shooters Hill and flows generally to the north by east where it forms its confluence with the Fish River near Oberon; dropping 265 metres (869 ft) over the course of its 27 kilometres (17 mi) length.A small weir on the river called the Duckmaloi Weir forms part of the Fish River Water Supply Scheme and was constructed during 1963. 
 Killer on the Road is a crime novel by James Ellroy. First published in 1986 it is a non-series book between the Lloyd Hopkins Trilogy and the L.A. Quartet. It was first released by Avon as a mass-market paperback original under the title Silent Terror. But the title intended by Ellroy is Killer on the Road and it has been republished in the U.S.
 The Mieminger Chain (German: Mieminger Kette) or Mieminger Mountains (Mieminger Gebirge) is a mountain range of the Northern Limestone Alps in the Eastern Alps. It is located entirely in Austria within the state of Tyrol.This sub-group is somewhat in the shadows of its more famous neighbour the Wetterstein to the north.
 Leicester is a village in Livingston County New York USA. The population was 468 at the 2010 census. The village is named after Leicester Phelps an early inhabitant.The Village of Leicester is located inside the Town of Leicester.
 Benow (Persian: بنو‎ also Romanized as Benow and Beno) is a village in Tasuj Rural District Shonbeh and Tasuj District Dashti County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Piano Improvisations Vol. 2 is an album recorded by Chick Corea and released in 1972.The album along with its counterpart Piano Improvisations Vol. 1 was recorded over the course of two days in Oslo Norway. The two albums in the Piano Improvisations series serve as a sort of bridge between Corea's other works in Circle and Return to Forever. In addition to seven original pieces written by Corea he interprets Wayne Shorter's Masqualero and Thelonious Monk's Trinkle Tinkle.
 Kacperówka [kat͡spɛˈrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Hawkesbury Junction or Sutton Stop (grid reference SP360846) is a canal junction at the northern limit of the Oxford Canal where it meets the Coventry Canal near Hawkesbury Village Warwickshire on the West Midlands county border England. The alternative name Sutton Stop arises from the name of a family which provided several lock keepers there in the nineteenth century.
 Dragodol (Serbian: Драгодол) is a village situated in Obrenovac municipality in Serbia.
 48 Angels is a 2007 film directed by Marion Comer.
 Infamy and the Breed is the debut album by Swedish melodic death metal band Zonaria. This album was recorded at Black Lounge studios Avesta Sweden with Per Nilson and Jonas Kjellgren of Scar Symmetry.
 Ramnagar Bahaur is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4163 people living in 781 individual households.
 The Sport of Kings is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Victor Saville and starring Leslie Henson Hugh Wakefield and Gordon Harker. A stern Justice of the Peace takes over a firm of bookmakers. It was based on a play by Ian Hay.
 Matt M. Matt Gabler was first elected to represent the 75th Legislative District in November 2008 defeating incumbent Dan Surra.
 Śleszynek [ɕlɛˈʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Żychlin 21 km (13 mi) east of Kutno and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tom Letson (born September 29 1952 in Columbus Ohio) is a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives representing the 64th District since his election in 2006.
 Mont Mirantin is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Beaufortain Massif range. It has an elevation of 2460 metres above sea level.
 O Lado Certo da Vida Certa is the fifth studio album by Brazilian hip-hop group Bonde da Stronda. Production for the album took place following the release of their mixtape Feito pras Damas in early 2013. The album was released on September 30 2013.
 The Saturn Game is a science fiction short story by Poul Anderson. It won the Hugo Award for Best Novella in 1982 and the Nebula Award for Best Novella in 1981.
 This Thing Called Wantin' and Havin' It All is the title of the eleventh studio album released by the American country music band Sawyer Brown. Their fourth studio album for Curb Records it produced four hit singles on the Billboard country music charts between 1995 and 1996: the title track (#11) 'Round Here (#19) Treat Her Right (#3) and She's Gettin' There (#46).
 The Copalita River is a river of Mexico.
 Plastic Elder Sister (＋チック姉さん Purasu Chikku Neesan) is a manga series drawn by Cha Kurii and published in Young Gangan since September 2009. A 12-episode anime series was produced by TYO Animations and released in 2011 and 2012. The first five episodes were originally released online then later on DVD and Blu-ray Disc along with the rest.
 Annals of Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of science and technology. It is published by Taylor & Francis and was established in 1936. The founding editor-in-chief was the Canadian historian of science Harcourt Brown.
 Tverrbytthornet is a mountain in Jotunheimen National Park in Oppland Norway.
 Two Against the World is a 1936 drama film starring Humphrey Bogart Beverly Roberts and Linda Perry. The movie is based on the play Five Star Final by Louis Weitzenkorn and is a remake of a film of the same name starring Edward G. Robinson although the setting has been moved from a newspaper office to a radio station which revives the memory of a twenty-year-old murder case resulting in tragic consequences. The film is also known as One Fatal Hour.
 Tyliczki [tɨˈlit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipinki Łużyckie within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Żary and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Pocket Monsters Emerald: Challenge!! Battle Frontier (ポケットモンスターエメラルド 挑戦!!バトルフロンティア Poketto Monsutā Emerarudo: Chōsen!! Batoru Furontia) is a manga series that mixes comedy with Pokémon battling.It began publication in 2005 in CoroCoro Special and has been published into tankōbon.
 Charommataea is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 In Dubious Battle is a novel by John Steinbeck written in 1936.
 Salmon P. Chase Birthplace was the birthplace and childhood home of Salmon P. Chase.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.It is located about 8 miles north of Claremont on New Hampshire Route 12A.
 The Alfred I. DuPont Building is a historic building in Miami Florida. It is located at 169 East Flagler Street. On January 4 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The building was built in 1939 and is 260 feet (87 m) tall with 21 floors. It is an example of Moderne architecture and was the first skyscraper built after the County courthouse and the bust of 1928. Thus it represents Miami's emergence from the great depression.
 Lake Salinas is a salt lake in Peru.
 Touch and Go is a 1980 Australian heist film starring Wendy Hughes.
 Felis chaus affinis is a subspecies of the jungle cat that inhabits the Himalayan region ranging from Kashmir and Nepal to Sikkim and Yunnan.Thomas Hardwicke’s collection of illustrations of Indian wildlife comprises the first drawing of a Himalayan jungle cat which the British zoologist John Edward Gray named the Allied cat Felis affinis in 1830.In the 1930s the British zoologist Pocock reviewed the Natural History Museum's jungle cat skins and skulls from British India and adjacent countries. 
 Discover is an American science magazine that publishes articles about science for a general audience. The monthly magazine was launched in October 1980 by Time Inc. It was sold to Family Media the owners of Health in 1987. The Walt Disney Company bought the magazine when Family Media went out of business in 1991. In October 2005 Discover was sold to two media investment companies.
 The Ryukyu shrew (Crocidura orii) also known as Orii's shrew is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Japan. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Slava River is a tributary of the Black Sea Lake Goloviţa in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Slava Rusă and Slava Cercheză in the village of Slava Rusă
 Tanguturi Prakasam Pantulu (Telugu: టంగుటూరి ప్రకాశం పంతులు b. 23 August 1872 – d. 20 May 1957) was an Indian politician and Freedom Fighter and the first Chief Minister of the Indian province Andhra state. He was also known as Andhra Kesari (literally the Lion of Andhra).
 The Tel Aviv Towers are a complex of four skyscrapers in the city of Tel Aviv Israel. Three buildings in the complex are complete. Towers 1 and 2 are each 140 meters in height have 34 floors and were built between 1998 and 2000. Each has 23000 sqm of residential space and 225 apartments. The towers were designed by Riskin Architects.
 Crassispira erigone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 The Changing of the Guard is the eighth book in the Star Wars Jedi Quest series by Jude Watson. It serves to chronicle the adventures of Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi between the events of The Phantom Menace and Attack of the Clones.
 Weaver ants or green ants (genus Oecophylla) are eusocial insects of the family Formicidae (order Hymenoptera). Weaver ants are obligately arboreal and are known for their unique nest building behaviour where workers construct nests by weaving together leaves using larval silk. Colonies can be extremely large consisting of more than a hundred nests spanning numerous trees and contain more than half a million workers.
 State Street Public School is located in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1845 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 3 1990.
 Arlene Singer (born October 10 1948) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 On the Water is the third album by synthpop band Future Islands. The album was released on 10 October 2011 on Thrill Jockey records.The album was recorded in a friend's house in Elizabeth City North Carolina between March and May 2011. Wye Oak's Jenn Wasner duets on The Great Fire.The album peaked at number 12 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
 The Man In White (許されざる者 Yurusarezaru Mono) is a 2003 Japanese yakuza film directed by Takashi Miike.
 Macroscope is a novel by science fiction and fantasy author Piers Anthony. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1970.Macroscope was first published in 1969 and in some respects reflects the idealistic values of that time.
 Bulianów [buˈljanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Fałków 26 km (16 mi) west of Końskie and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 71.
 Lake Kaweah is a reservoir near Lemon Cove in Tulare County California. The lake is formed by Terminus Dam on the Kaweah River. The river originates in the Sierra Nevada mountains and drains about 560 sq mi (1500 km2) into Lake Kaweah. From Lake Kaweah the river flows toward the city of Visalia splitting into the Kaweah River and St. Johns River as it flows west into the Tulare Lakebed. The lake has a capacity of 185000 acre·ft (228000000 m3).
 Panique is a French film directed by Julien Duvivier made in 1946 and released in 1947 starring Michel Simon and Viviane Romance. In 1989 Patrice Leconte remade the film as Monsieur Hire with the title rôle played by Michel Blanc.
 Tammiku (Kose) is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 The Babysitter is a novel series by R. L. Stine. The first novel in the series was published in 1989 and it led to establish Stine as a prominent author in the children's horror genre. The first novel follows a simple premise of a babysitter who finds she is the next in a series of babysitting victims to a crazed killer. Three sequels of this book were published: The Babysitter II on July 1991 The Babysitter III on October 1993 and The Babysitter IV on June 1995.
 Alien Boy was the seventh song on the Wipers first album Is This Real? (Park Ave Records) released in 1979. Alien Boy is also the title of a 1980 EP with this track on side A and three outtakes from the Is This Real? album sessions on side B. The EP was originally released without the band's authority or knowledge. In 1993 the tracks were added to the Sub Pop reissue of the album Is This Real?.
 Structural and Multidisciplinary Optimization is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It is the official journal of the International Society of Structural and Multidisciplinary Optimization. It covers all aspects of designing optimal structures in stressed systems as well as multidisciplinary optimization techniques when one of the disciplines deals with structures (stressed solids) or fluids.
 Moto is a molecular gastronomy restaurant in the Fulton River District of Chicago Illinois known for creating high-tech dishes which incorporate elements such as carbonated fruit edible paper lasers and liquid nitrogen for freezing food.Moto is run by Executive Chef Homaro Cantu and owner Alex Espalin.
 Smolniki [smɔlˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Lepa Gora (Serbian Cyrillic: Лепа гора) is a mountain in southern Serbia near the town of Kuršumlija. Its highest peak Crna čuka has an elevation of 1196 meters above sea level.
 Hrana za golubove (English: Food for Doves) was the last studio album by Film led by singer Jura Stublić. It was released in 1992 during the Croatian War of Independence. The album contained many patriotic and anti-war themes as well as the usual pop fare. All songs were written by Jura Stublić and Nikša Bratoš. The album's first track Radio ljubav spoke about love in the media in what was then a state of war in Croatia.
 Monseigneur Lefebvre un évêque dans la tempête (released as Marcel Lefebvre – Archbishop in Stormy Times in the US and UK) is a 2012 documentary film by French director Jacques-Régis du Cray primarily based on the biography A biography of Archbishop Lefebvre written by Bishop Bernard Tissier de Mallerais.Marcel Lefebvre (1905 – 1991) was a French Roman Catholic archbishop.
 Agrahar (Raichur) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Raichur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka.
 The Merriam's Elk (Cervus canadensis merriami) is an extinct subspecies of elk once found in the arid lands of the southwestern United States predominantly Arizona. Since the arrival of the Europeans uncontrolled hunting and cattle grazing had driven the subspecies into extinction over a century ago with the exact presumed date being 1906. Another subspecies of elk Eastern Elk (Cervus Canadensis Canadensis) also went extinct at roughly the same time.
 Risoba calainodes is a species of moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in Sumatra.
 George Percival Norman Watt CBE CMG (2 June 1890 – 21 July 1983) was a senior Australian public servant and company director. He was Secretary of the Department of the Treasury between November 1948 and March 1951.
 François-Xavier Lemieux (9 February 1811 – 16 May 1864) was a French Canadian lawyer and politician.He was born at Pointe-Lévy in 1811 and studied at the Petit Séminaire de Québec. He articled in law was called to the bar in 1839 and set up practice at Quebec City. Lemieux was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Dorchester County in an 1847 by-election held following the death of the previously elected member. He was reelected in 1848 and 1851.
 Sir William Thomas White KCMG PC (November 13 1866 – February 11 1955) was a Canadian politician and Cabinet minister.
 Green Street 3: Never Back Down (also known as Green Street 3 and Green Street Hooligans 3: Underground) is a sequel to the 2009 film Green Street 2 directed by Jesse V. Johnson.
 A God Strolling in the Cool of the Evening (Portuguese: Um Deus Passeando Pela Brisa da Tarde) is a historical novel by the Portuguese writer Mario de Carvalho set in the Roman province of Lusitania during the reign of Roman Emperor Commodus. First published in Portugal in Portuguese in 1994 as Um Deus Passeando Pela Brisa da Tarde the novel won several awards including the 1996 Pegasus Prize and became a best-seller in Portugal.
 Rugg Elementary School is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 10 2001.
 Cymatosyrinx bartschi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Weston Centre is a 32-story modern-styled skyscraper in Downtown San Antonio Texas USA. Standing at a structural height of 444 feet (135 m) it is the third tallest skyscraper in San Antonio and the city's tallest office building.
 Gloria is the first Christmas album from Canadian pop punk band Hawk Nelson. It was released on November 21 2006.
 Mieroszyno-Wybudowanie [mjɛrɔˈʂɨnɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Puck and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Leone Florentine and Carpathia Apartment Buildings are located at 832 and 834 South 24 Street and 907-911 South 25 Street in Omaha Nebraska USA. Built in 1909 the buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Awakening of Love (Japanese: 愛するということ Ai-suru to iu koto; Italian: Il Vento e le Rose) is a Japanese movie.
 George Campbell Peery (October 28 1873 – October 14 1952) was an American Democratic politician and was the 52nd Governor of Virginia from 1934-1938. He was the first governor to be selected at least partially by the soon to be very powerful Byrd Organization led by Senator Harry F. Byrd Sr.
 İlxıçılar (Armenian: Իլխըչըլար also Ilkhychylar and Yikhchilar) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Orlando City Hall is the headquarters of the City of Orlando government. The downtown city hall is a 9 floor postmodern building constructed by Lincoln Property Company and completed in 1992. The building is located in downtown Orlando at the CNL Center City Commons building complex on the corner of South Orange Avenue and South Street.
 Mandali Buddha Prasad (born 26 May 1956 Nagayalaka Krishna District Andhra Pradesh) was politician and former minister of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Remora is a genus of remoras native to temperate to tropical marine waters world-wide.
 Aston Reservoir sometimes known as Salford Lake Salford Park Pool or Salford Bridge Reservoir is a 19th-century reservoir formerly used for drinking water extracted from the River Tame in Birmingham England. It was built by the Birmingham Waterworks Company and was at that time situated in the parish of Aston. On 1 January 1876 the company was purchased by Birmingham Corporation Water Department.More recently it has been a boating lake although this is no longer the case.
 Henry Oscar Houghton (April 30 1823 – August 25 1895) was an American publisher co-founder of Houghton Mifflin and a mayor of Cambridge Massachusetts.
 Arivaali (Tamil: அறிவாளி) is a 1963 Indian Tamil film written directed and produced by A. T. Krishnaswami. The film starred Sivaji Ganesan and P. Bhanumathi in the lead roles.
 Tajuria deudorix yuhkichii [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Philippines (Palawan).
 Ożańsk [ˈɔʐaɲsk] (Ukrainian: Ожансько Ozhans’ko) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłosiów within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Pawłosiów 9 km (6 mi) west of Jarosław and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Doe or Die is the debut studio album by rapper AZ released October 10 1995 on EMI Records. The album features guest appearances by artists such as Nas and Miss Jones and production from Pete Rock L.E.S. and Buckwild among others.Upon release Doe or Die received notable critical and commercial success. The album peaked at #15 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on the U.S. Top R&B/Hip Hop Albums chart.
 The Trossachs (About this sound listen ; Scottish Gaelic Na Trosaichean) is a small woodland glen in the Stirling council area of Scotland. It lies between Ben A'an to the north and Ben Venue to the south with Loch Katrine to the west and Loch Achray to the east. However the name is used generally to refer to the wider area of wooded glens and braes with quiet lochs lying to the east of Ben Lomond.
 Barzu (Persian: برزو‎ also Romanized as Barzū Bārzū and Borzū) is a village in Takmaran Rural District Sarhad District Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 40 families.
 Dr. K. George Thomas was a journalist academic Indian National Congress politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Kallooppara to Kerala Legislative Assembly in 1967.
 Final Exam is a 1978 album by Loudon Wainwright III. It was re-released on Telarc in 2006 at the time of his European tour as a double-disk album coupled with his 1976 album T Shirt.At this point in his career Wainwright was including a lot of electric and rockier songs. After poor reviews of T-Shirt and Final Exam the latter became his last studio album for five years. He emerged reborn as an acoustic writer backed by acoustic folk/rock musicians.
 In the Forests of the Night is a vampire novel written by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes and published in 1999. Originally entitled White Wine she wrote it at the age of thirteen. The book was published on May 11 1999 about a month after she turned fifteen. It is the first novel in the Den of Shadows. The novel is told in first-person narrative by the main protagonist Risika.
 The House at 19 Tremont Street is the smallest extant 19th century worker's cottage in Stoneham Massachusetts. Built c. 1850 it is stylistically vernacular except for an entry with sidelights typical of the Greek Revival period. It is the best surviving example of what was once a row of worker cottages that lined Tremont Street.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Hope is an EP by Palace Songs released in 1994 through Drag City Records. The title Agnes Queen of Sorrow is a reference to the short story Jane Sinclair; or the Fawn of Springvale by 19th century author William Carleton.
 Driesh (Gaelic: Dris) is a mountain located in the Grampians of Scotland. Together with neighbouring Mayar (928m / 3044 feet) it is one of the most easterly of the Munro peaks.Located a few miles north of the village of Kirriemuir in Angus the closeness of Driesh to the city of Dundee makes it a popular Munro with locals; in many ways making it the Dundonian equivalent to Ben Lomond near Glasgow.
 Old Town Hall and School also known as the Haymarket Museum is a historic town hall and school located at Haymarket Prince William County Virginia. It was built in 1883 and is a front-gable two-story wooden structure clad in weatherboard with Greek Revival and Victorian style decorative elements. It features a square pyramidal-roofed belfry situated above the front gable that has louvers sawn brackets and gables on each face. Its use as a school stopped around 1900.
 Woraksan or Worak Mountain is a major mountain of the Sobaek mountain range. Its highest peak is 1094 m (3589 ft) above sea level. It forms part of the boundary between North Chungcheong and North Gyeongsang provinces. Its slopes contain portions of Mungyeong city in North Gyeongsang as well as Danyang County Jecheon City and Chungju City in North Chungcheong.
 Algonquin Peak is in the MacIntyre Range in the town of North Elba in Essex County New York. It is the second highest mountain in New York and one of the 46 Adirondack High Peaks in Adirondack Park. Its name comes from its reputedly being on the Algonquian side of a nearby informal boundary between the Algonquian and their Iroquois neighbors.Algonquin is popular with hikers accessible from the popular Adirondak Loj trailhead near Heart Lake outside of Lake Placid for a day trip.
 Adamu Garba Talba (born 15 August 1952) was elected Senator for the Yobe South constituency of Yobe State Nigeria taking office on 29 May 2007.
 Life During Wartime is a 2009 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Todd Solondz which premiered at the 2009 Venice Film Festival. It is a direct but loose sequel to his 1998 film Happiness with new actors playing the same characters.
 Solo Flight is the second album by former Wings guitarist Laurence Juber released in 1990.
 The Richleighs of Tantamount is a children’s historical novel written by British author Barbara Willard. It was originally published in the United Kingdom in 1966 by the publishers Constable before being published in the United States by Harcourt Brace & World in June 1967. C. Walter Hodges drew the line illustrations and painted the cover portrait for the original edition.
 Less Than One: Selected Essays is a collection of literary and autobiographical essays by the Russian poet and Nobel Prize-winning author Joseph Brodsky. It was published in 1986 by Farrar Straus and Giroux and won that year's National Book Critics Circle Award for Criticism. The book includes essays on fellow Russian writers like Dostoyevsky Mandelstam and Platonov as well as the poet W.H. Auden.
 Frank Sinatra Conducts Music from Pictures and Plays is a 1962 studio album conducted by Frank Sinatra and arranged by Harry Sukman.This was the first album that Sinatra conducted for his new record label Reprise Records.
 Leonard Stephen Marchand PC CM (born November 16 1933) is a former Canadian politician. He was the first person of First Nations ethnicity to serve in the federal cabinet and was the first Status Indian to serve as a Member of Parliament.Marchand was born in Vernon British Columbia as a member of the Okanagan Indian Band. An agronomist by training he left his profession in the mid-1960s to work with the North American Indian Brotherhood.
 Rebellion (German: Die Rebellion) is a 1924 novel by the Austrian writer Joseph Roth. It tells the story of a war veteran who has become a street musician after losing one leg. The novel was published in the newspaper Vorwärts from 27 July to 29 August 1924. It has been adapted for television twice: in 1962 by Wolfgang Staudte and in 1993 by Michael Haneke.
 Värttinä is the first album by the band of the same name Värttinä. On it the 21-member band performs traditional Karelian folk songs. It was originally self-released in 1987 on vinyl and cassette. In 1992 it was re-released in Finland by Mipu Music. In 1997 it was reissued in Japan by Warner Japan. In the same year it was reissued in the United States by Finlandia Innovators under the title Värttinä - The First Album.
 Prędocin [prɛnˈdɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 The Branco River (Roosevelt River) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Compliance Week is an information service on corporate governance risk and compliance that features weekly electronic newsletters a monthly print magazine proprietary databases events jobs and a variety of interactive features and forums. Compliance Week hosts an annual conference.
 The Prince of Tides is a novel by Pat Conroy first published in 1986. It revolves around traumatic events that affected former football player Tom Wingo's relationship with his immediate family. Tom's elder brother Luke met a tragic and premature death and his sister Savannah a published poet has attempted suicide and is now in a deep depression.
 Tolombeh-ye Rashid Farkhi (Persian: تلمبه رشيدفرخي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Rashīd Farkhī) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 12 families.
 Manic Frustration is the fifth album by the American doom metal band Trouble released in 1992. The album marked a change in style for Trouble featuring a faster-paced psychedelic sound (as opposed to the slower doom metal style featured on their earlier albums). It was the band's last release on Def American.The album is currently available as a digital download via Amazon.com.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād and Hājiābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 5 families.
 Aleksey Pushkov (Russian: Алексе́й Константи́нович Пушко́в born 10 August 1954 is the head of the foreign-affairs committee in the State Duma the lower house of the Russian parliament.From 2008 to 2011 Pushkov was the Director of the Institute of Contemporary International Studies Diplomatic Academy of Russia.
 The Emperors Pearl is a gong'an detective novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.
 Gangland is the twenty-third album by the band Kool and the Gang released in 2001 following a five-year gap between albums. The album was a compilation of rappers backed by Kool and the Gang remaking some of the band's songs. The song Jungle Boogie is remixed three times in the tracks Jungle in My House Concrete Jungle and Where da Boogie At?.
 Bjarne Elgar Grottum (1893—1987) was a state senator for Minnesota's 10th district serving Cottonwood and Jackson counties. He was born in Minneapolis Minnesota on August 9 1893 and raised in Jackson Minnesota. He served in the senate from 1947—1954 as a DFLer but caucused with the Conservative majority of the Senate and later stated that the Legislature should be truly nonpartisan.
 Čárajávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 7-square-kilometre (2.7 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 30 kilometres (19 mi) west of the village of Masi.
 Azarsi-ye Babal Konar (Persian: ازارسي بابل كنار‎ also Romanized as Āzārsī-ye Bābol Kenār) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 50 families.
 Trust Me (Swedish: Puss literally Kiss) is a 2010 Swedish comedy-drama film written and directed by Johan Kling starring an ensemble cast including Alexander Skarsgård Gustaf Skarsgård and Susanne Thorson. The screenplay focuses on a group of young people who are running a small theater in Stockholm.
 Racially Yours is an album recorded by the band The Frogs. The album was originally presented to Homestead Records in 1991 but they refused to release it because of its controversial subject matter.[citation needed] At this point the album only consisted of the first 12 songs.
 The Kinnaur Kailash (locally known as Kinner Kailash) is a mountain in the Kinnaur district of the Indian state Himachal Pradesh. The Kinnaur Kailash has a height of 6500 meters and is considered as sacred by both Hindu and Buddhist Kinnauris. This mountain is sometimes confused with the Mount Kailash in Tibet.The Kinnaur Kailash Range borders the district of Kinnaur in the south and is dominated by the Kinnaur Kailash (elevation- 6349m) and Jorkanden (elevation- 6473m) peaks.
 Leopoldamys is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae. It contains the following species: Sundaic mountain long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys ciliatus) Edwards's long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys edwardsi) Millet's long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys milleti) Neill's long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys neilli) Long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys sabanus) Mentawai long-tailed giant rat (Leopoldamys siporanus)
 PNC Plaza formerly known as RBC Plaza is the largest and tallest skyscraper in the city of Raleigh North Carolina USA. The tower rises to a height of 538 feet (164 m) and is situated on a 0.83-acre (3400 m2) lot housing approximately 730000 square feet (68000 m2) of office and retail space parking and residential condominiums.
 George Goschen 1st Viscount Goschen (10 August 1831 – 7 February 1907) was a British statesman and businessman best remembered for being forgotten by Lord Randolph Churchill. He was initially a Liberal then a Liberal Unionist before joining the Conservative Party by the time of the 1895 General Election.
 Late Night Tales: Matt Helders is a DJ mix album mixed by Matt Helders (Arctic Monkeys) released as part of Late Night Tales / Another Late Night DJ series.
 Eulepidotis chloris is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the neotropics including French Guiana.
 Sir William Fitzherbert KCMG MLC (15 August 1810 – 6 February 1891) was a New Zealand politician. He served as Minister of Finance Speaker of the House of Representatives and Speaker of the Legislative Council.
 Debt of Honour is a 1936 British drama film directed by Norman Walker and starring Leslie Banks Will Fyffe Geraldine Fitzgerald and Garry Marsh.
 The Medusa Touch is a 1973 novel by Peter Van Greenaway which was adapted fairly faithfully into a feature film in 1978.The novel tells the story of a radically disenchanted novelist with highly destructive telekinetic powers. Its dialogue was described in Kim Newman's book Nightmare Movies (1988) as incredibly misanthropic.
 Curse Your Little Heart is an EP from the band DeVotchKa released by Ace Fu in 2006. Five out of the six tracks are cover versions of other bands' songs with the title track first appearing on the album SuperMelodrama.
 San Giovanni Evangelista is a church in Parma northern Italy part of a complex also including a Benedictine convent and grocery.
 Mount Hinman (7492 feet (2284 m)) is located on the border of Snoqualmie and Wenatchee National Forests in the U.S. state of Washington. Mount Hinman is less than 2 mi (3.2 km) west of Mount Daniel and both are within the Alpine Lakes Wilderness. Hinman Glacier is situated on the north flank of Mount Hinman and Foss Glacier is to the northeast.
 Lin Yi-shih (Chinese: 林益世; pinyin: Lín Yìshì) is a politician in the Republic of China. He was the Secretary-General of the Executive Yuan in 2012.
 The Extra Mile is a 1962 book of selected short stories by Ivy R. Doherty.
 Bigger Than America is the sixth album by the English synthpop group Heaven 17 released in 1996. The album did not chart in the UK.The album peaked at number one on Germany Alphabeat Redaktionscharts' Rock/Pop/Alternative Charts in November 1996. It was listed as number 6 on the Addicted to Noise's Writers Poll.
 Johnny DuPree (born November 18 1953) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who currently serves as the mayor of Hattiesburg Mississippi. He was the Democratic Party nominee for Governor of Mississippi in 2011 but was defeated by Republican nominee Phil Bryant. He was the first African-American major party nominee for Governor in Mississippi since the Reconstruction era.
 The Gabela Bushshrike (Laniarius amboimensis) or Amboim Bushshrike is a bird in the Malaconotidae family. It is a reclusive and enigmatic bird and it is not quite resolved whether it should better be considered a distinct species or a well-marked subspecies of Lühder's Bushshrike. It is endemic to Angola.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Oceania is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1930. It covers social and cultural anthropology of the peoples of Oceania including Australia Melanesia Polynesia Micronesia and Southeast Asia. The journal publishes research papers as well as review articles correspondence and shorter comments.Occasionally a special issue is devoted to a single topic comprising thematically connected collections of papers prepared by a guest editor.
 Fatal Move (traditional Chinese: 奪帥; simplified Chinese: 夺帅 released in the United States as Triad Wars) is a 2008 Hong Kong action film written produced and directed by Dennis S.Y. Law and starring Sammo Hung Simon Yam and Wu Jing who reunite after 2005's SPL: Sha Po Lang.The film focuses on a Triad gang led by brothers Lin Ho-Lung and Lin Ho-Tung (Hung and Yam) which faces a series of double crossings and violent misfortunes.
 Flowers in the Dirt is the eighth solo studio album by Paul McCartney released in 1989. Upon release It was considered a major return to form for McCartney because he was embarking on his first world tour since the Wings Over the World tour in 1975/1976. Flowers in the Dirt was also celebrated due to its musical quality which earned McCartney his best reviews in years.
 Serudandapola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 St. Mary's Malankara Syrian Catholic Cathedral Pattom Trivandrum is the central place of worship of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church. It is the See of the Major Archbishop-Catholicos of Trivandrum. The tombs of the Servant of God Archbishop Geevarghese Mar Ivanios Archbishop Benedict Mar Gregorios and of Major Archbishop Cyril Baselios Catholicos are there.
 Kalagara Sai Lakshmana Rao (born 11 July 1956) is a Member of Legislative Council (MLC) of Andhra Pradesh.
 The Mutha River is a river in western Maharashtra India. It arises in the Western Ghats and flows eastward until it merges with the Mula River in the city of Pune. It has been dammed twice firstly at the Panshet Dam (on the Ambi River) used as a source of drinking water for Pune city and irrigation. The water released here is dammed again at Khadakwasla and is an important source of drinking water for Pune.
 Conrad Meyer Zulick (June 3 1839 – March 1 1926) was an American jurist and Democratic party activist who became the seventh Governor of Arizona Territory. During his term the Indian Wars ended and the territorial capital was moved from Prescott to Phoenix. He is also known for having been a prisoner in Mexico at the time of his appointment.
 Another Gospel: Cults Alternative Religions and the New Age Movement is a non-fiction book discussing cults new religious movements and the New Age movement written by Ruth A. Tucker. The book was published in 1989 by Zondervan a Christian publishing house. Another edition was released by the same publisher in 2004.
 Charles Calhoun Charlie Dail (January 11 1909–July 13 1968) was an American Democratic politician from San Diego California. He served three terms on the San Diego City Council and two terms as the 27th Mayor of San Diego.
 The Rimea Aristarchus is a system of narrow sinuous rilles to the north of the Aristarchus crater. They extend for a distance of 121 km.
 Vao is a village in Väike-Maarja Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Robert Clive Fordham (born 10 February 1942) is an Australian former politician who was a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly representing the state seat of Footscray for the Australian Labor Party from 1970 to 1992. He was Deputy Premier of Victoria in John Cain's government from 1982 to 1989.
 Odyssey 2050 is a film project that incorporates digital animation as well as documentary and live action sequences with the aim of motivating young people from around the world into taking constructive action on climate change.
 Story of a Prostitute (春婦伝 Shunpuden) is a 1965 Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki. It is based on a story by Taijiro Tamura who like Suzuki had served as a soldier in the war.
 Taras Bulba is a 1962 film loosely based on Nikolai Gogol's short novel Taras Bulba starring Yul Brynner in the title role and Tony Curtis as his son Andrei leaders of a Cossack clan on the Ukrainian steppes. The film was directed by J. Lee Thompson. The story line of the film is considerably different from that of Gogol's novel although it is closer to the 1842 (pro-Russian Imperial) edition than the original version (pro-Ukrainian) version (1832).
 Mordella suturalis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1863.
 Benjamin R. Donolow (May 24 1917 – November 27 1972) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate. He served in the U.S. Army during World War II. He was first elected to the Pennsylvania Senate in 1954. He served as a delegate to the 1964 Democratic National Convention. He died on November 27 1972.
 Caucasia (1998) is a novel written by Danzy Senna. It features the coming of age of Birdie one of two multiracial sisters.
 Philip Rogers House also known as Penn Wick is a historic home located in Warwick Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1750 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay by two bay random fieldstone dwelling. It has a gable roof with gable end chimneys. A 2 1/2-story kitchen wing was added before 1825.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Anj Pol (Persian: انج پل‎; also known as Anjeh Pol and Anjehpol) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 310 in 79 families.
 Q'umir Qucha (Quechua q'umir green qucha lake green lake hispanicized spelling Khomer Khocha) is a small artificial lake in Bolivia south east of Potosí. It is about 0.24 km long and 0.17 km at its widest point. The lake is part of the river basin of the upper Pillku Mayu.Q'umir Qucha is situated in the Anta Q'awa mountain range the southern part of the Potosí mountain range in the Potosí Department in the north of the José María Linares Province.
 McBee Presbyterian Church is the first Presbyterian church of McBee South Carolina.
 Lutter (Ems) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 A Thin Ghost and Others is M. R. James' third collection of ghost stories published in 1919.
 Hoplophanes niphochalca is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1897. It is found in Western Australia.
 Mount Matsuda (松田岳 Matsuda-dake) is a mountain located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. It sits on the souther rim of the Ohachi Taira caldera.
 Scutiger liupanensis is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.It is endemic to Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region China.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Beryozovaya (Russian: Берёзовая) is a river in Perm Krai Russia left tributary of Kolva River. It is 208 km in length. Area of basin is 3610 km². It starts on slopes of mountain range Beryozovy Kamen and flows through Cherdynsky District. Its mouth located downstream of village Korepino. There are many rocks and limestone formations along its banks.Main tributaries: Left: Zhernovka; Right: Byrkim Vizhai Buzhui Kremennaya Nemyd.
 The Golden Dawn is a 1921 British silent crime film directed by Ralph Dewsbury and starring Gertrude McCoy Warwick Ward and Frank Petley. An actress falls in love with a blind man.
 The Alderman Proctor's Drinking Fountain (grid reference ST566738) is a historic building on Clifton Down Bristol England.It was built in 1872 by the London firm of George and Henry Godwin in a Gothic Revival style to commemorate the 1861 presentation of Clifton Down to the City of Bristol by the Society of Merchant Venturers and includes a plaque of the dedication.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
 The Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania (HUP) is a hospital affiliated with the University of Pennsylvania Health System located in the University City section of West Philadelphia. The hospital was founded at its current location in 1874 by the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine making it the oldest university-owned teaching hospital in the country. For 2013-14 U.S. News & World Report ranked HUP at #11 on its list of the best hospitals in the nation.
 Bob Worsley (born February 15 1956) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Arizona Senate representing District 25 since January 14 2013.
 Metro Weekly is a free weekly magazine for the lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community in Washington D.C. U.S.A. It was first published on May 5 1994. Metro Weekly includes national and local news interviews with LGBT leaders and politicians community event calendars nightlife guides and reviews of the District's arts and entertainment scene. The website's Scene section has archived over 40000 original photos from Washington's LGBT community events.
 The Family Handyman is an American home-improvement magazine owned by the Reader's Digest Association. The magazine was founded in 1951 by Universal Publishing & Distributing. UPD sold the magazine to Webb Publishing in 1977 to pay down debts that would ultimately finish off the company. Robert Maxwell acquired Webb in 1987 and sold the magazine to the Reader's Digest Association that year.
 Ma Ying-jeou (born 13 July 1950) is a Taiwanese politician and the 12th and 13th term President of the Republic of China (commonly known as Taiwan) and the Chairman of the Kuomintang. Previous roles include Justice Minister (1993–96) and Mayor of Taipei (1998–2006). He is also the current Chairman of the Kuomintang (KMT) having served in that role since 2005 stepping down for a period between 2007 and 2009.
 PEN America: A Journal for Writers and Readers is an annual literary journal that features fiction poetry conversation criticism and memoir. It is published by PEN American Center in New York City.
 The Animal Family is a 1965 children's novel by American poet and critic Randall Jarrell illustrated by noted children's book illustrator Maurice Sendak. It is a 1966 Newbery Honor book and has a significant following among adult readers.[citation needed]
 The F Street Bridge in Salida Colorado is a closed spandrel concrete arch bridge built in 1907 by the Pueblo Bridge Company. The design also known as a Luten Arch was patented in 1907 by Daniel Luten. The bridge with 2 spans and a total length of 60 feet (18 m) is believed to be the first bridge of this type built by the company.
 Malhewa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Oakwood Plaza a 906000 square foot regional center is a power center located in Hollywood Florida.
 Dobrujevac (Serbian: Добрујевац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 388 people.
 Beastie Boys Anthology: The Sounds of Science is the first Beastie Boys anthology composed of greatest hits B-sides and previously unreleased tracks. The retail release comes with a tri-fold sleeve that displays the majority of the band's album covers as well as a booklet of liner notes.
 The Yellow-banded Ringlet (Erebia flavofasciata) is a member of the Satyrinae subfamily of Nymphalidae. It is a high mountain butterfly found in a small area of the Alps in Switzerland and Italy.Larval host plant is unknown. A Swiss subspecies E. flavofasciata warreni has been proposed.
 Charles Peter “Chuck” Brown (April 3 1951 – August 14 2003) was a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from southwestern Minnesota. Narrowly elected in 1984 he was solidly re-elected in 1986 in the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party’s “firestorm” that swept through the region giving Democrats unprecedented control of southwestern Minnesota for the next several election cycles.
 The pinktail triggerfish Melichthys vidua is a species of triggerfish from reefs in the Indo-Pacific. It is very dark green (often appears almost black) with translucent whitish-pink dorsal and tail fins. They can grow up to 40 centimetres (16 in).
 Dragotina is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D6 highway.
 Guruvayankere is village in Beltangadi Taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in the country of India. It is located en route to Udupi from Beltangadi.
 Iyorchia Ayu is a former Nigerian Senator who was elected President of the Senate during the Nigerian Third Republic (1992–1993).He later served in various Ministerial positions in the Cabinet of President Olusegun Obasanjo between 1999 and 2007.
 The Montreal Tapes: Liberation Music Orchestra is a live album by the American jazz bassist Charlie Haden's Liberation Music Orchestra recorded in 1989 at the Montreal International Jazz Festival and released on the Verve label.
 Manippoor Maamiyaar is a 1979 Tamil-language Indian feature film starring J.Jayalalithaa Srividya and Vijayakumar
 Hellinsia brandbergi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Namibia.
 Jameh Shuran (Persian: جامه شوران‎ also Romanized as Jāmeh Shūrān; also known as Jamaishūrāu and Jameh Shūrā’ū) is a village in Panjeh Ali Rural District in the Central District of Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 320 in 77 families.
 Belonochasma (meaning needle mouth) is a genus of gnathostome from the Mesozoic of Franconia Bavaria Germany. It was once thought to be a pterosaur but this was rejected by Oskar Kuhn in 1961 and upheld by Peter Wellnhofer in 1978.
 The Hănțești River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Castle Amerongen was built in 1673 on the site of a previous stronghold that had been burned during the Rampjaar in 1672 by the French.
 Leucophylla is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Addada is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Koppa taluk of Chikkamagaluru district in Karnataka.
 Pleasant Lake is a 606-acre (2.5 km2) lake located in Merrimack County in central New Hampshire United States in the town of New London. The village of Elkins is located at the east end of the lake next to its outlet.
 Witness Protection is the eighth studio album by American recording artist Dave Hollister released on August 5 2008.
 The Cat from Hell is a short story by Stephen King. King initially published the first 500 words of the story in March 1977 in Cavalier and the magazine held a contest for readers to finish the story. The winning entry as well as King's complete story was published in the magazine in June of the same year. It also appeared in Gent Vol. 18 #6 (December 1977) credited to King and Marc Rains.
 Ovatipsa coloba is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Kékestető TV Tower (Hungarian: Kékes TV-torony) is a 176-metre (577 ft) tall multifunctional transmitter built of reinforced concrete on the 1014-metre (3327 ft) high Kékes mountain Hungary. It is also an observation tower including a restaurant.
 The Delhi Way is a 1964 documentary about Delhi produced written photographed and directed by James Ivory. It is narrated by Leo Genn.
 Hans Wiegel (Dutch pronunciation: [hɑns ˈʋiɣəɫ]) (born July 16 1941) is a retired Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He became a Member of the House of Representatives on April 18 1967.
 Triebtenseewli is a lake near Grimsel Pass in the Canton of Berne Switzerland. Its surface area is 10 ha.
 Profile is an album by American guitarist Pat Donohue released in 2005. Most of the songs are written in a ragtime blues style that showcase Donohue's skillful guitar playing. In addition to his own compositions Donohue also plays traditional blues songs such as Risin' River and Step it Up and Go.
 Razan (Persian: رازان‎ also Romanized as Rāzān) is a village in Razan Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1757 in 423 families.
 Draco dussumieri commonly known as the southern flying lizard is a species of agamid lizard capable of gliding from tree to tree. It is found in the Western Ghats and hill forests of southern India.
 Aglossa thamii is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by Leraut in 2003 and is known from Morocco.
 The Prions (or whalebirds) are small petrels in the genera Pachyptila and Halobaena. They form one of the four groups within the Procellariidae (also referred to as the prions) along with the gadfly petrels shearwaters and fulmarine petrels.They are found in the Southern Ocean and breed on a number of subantarctic islands. Prions grow 20–27 cm (7.9–10.6 in) long and have blue-grey upper parts and white underparts.
 Biele [ˈbjɛlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 42.
 Butchers Lake is a lake in Victoria Australia.
 Cutter's Way (also known as Cutter and Bone) is a 1981 thriller directed by Ivan Passer. The film stars Jeff Bridges John Heard and Lisa Eichhorn. The screenplay was by Jeffrey Alan Fiskin based on the novel Cutter and Bone by Newton Thornburg.
 Garudinia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Calisto debarriera is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is endemic to Hispaniola.The larvae feed on various grasses.
 Waypoint Centre for Mental Health Care (French: Waypoint Centre de soins de santé mentale) formerly known as Mental Health Centre Penetanguishene is a 301-bed psychiatric hospital located on Georgian Bay in the Town of Penetanguishene approximately 150 kilometres (93 mi) north of Toronto. Waypoint provides both acute and longer-term psychiatric inpatient and outpatient services to Simcoe County Dufferin County and Muskoka/Parry Sound.
 Two Lovers is a 2008 American romantic drama film taking its inspiration from Fyodor Dostoyevsky's short story White Nights which had already been turned into a film 7 times first by Luchino Visconti: Le Notti Bianche (1957). The movie is directed by James Gray and stars Joaquin Phoenix Gwyneth Paltrow and Vinessa Shaw. It is set in the largely Russian Jewish neighborhood Brighton Beach in New York City as was Gray's first movie Little Odessa.
 Marianne Louise Thieme (Dutch pronunciation: [mɐˈrijɑnə ˈtimə] born 6 March 1972 in Ede) is a Dutch politician of the Party for the Animals (Partij voor de Dieren). She has been Parliamentary leader in the House of Representatives since 23 November 2006 and an MP since 30 November 2006.Thieme is a jurist by education an animal rights activist and an author by occupation.
 Cường Lợi is a commune (xã) and village in Na Rì District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Nassarius harryleei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 The Berchtesgaden Alps (German: Berchtesgadener Alpen) are a mountain range of the Northern Limestone Alps named after the market town of Berchtesgaden located in the centre. The central part belongs to the Berchtesgadener Land district of southeastern Bavaria Germany while the adjacent area in the north east and south is part of the Austrian state of Salzburg (Salzburger Land).
 The Dancer of Paris is a 1926 American silent drama film produced and distributed by First National Pictures. Based on the short story of the same name by Michael Arlen the film was directed by Alfred Santell and starred Dorothy Mackaill. The Dancer of Paris is now considered lost.The film is noted for featuring Dorothy Mackaill nearly nude. In one scene she appears in only beads and stones. In the film's final scene MacKaill appeared in breastplates a loin cloth and a cloak.
 Saiyuki (幻想魔伝最遊記 Gensōmaden Saiyūki) is a manga series by Kazuya Minekura which was serialized in G-Fantasy from 1997 to 2002. The story is loosely based on the Chinese novel Journey to the West (Xiyouji). In 1999 the Saiyuki OVA by Tokyo Kids was released. A year later it was adapted into an anime series by Studio Pierrot. The Gensomaden Saiyuki: Requiem movie appeared in theaters in Japan in 2001.
 Imanlu (Persian: ايمانلو‎ also Romanized as Īmānlū) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 38 families.
 Anumati is a 2013 Marathi film directed and written by Gajendra Ahire. The film stars Vikram Gokhale and Neena Kulkarni in the lead roles. The film has received wide critical acclaim. It won the Best Feature Film Award at the New York Indian Film Festival and Gokhale received National Film Award for Best Actor for his role.
 Sargasso Sea is an album by guitarists John Abercrombie and Ralph Towner recorded in 1976 and released on the ECM label.
 The Clark-Taylor House is a historic building located in Provo Utah United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It has also been known as the T. N. Taylor Home.
 The Best Of Sonny & Cher is the first compilation album by American pop duo Sonny & Cher released in 1967 by Atlantic/Atco Records.
 Pasiphila obscura is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan and Russia.The wingspan is 17–19 mm.
 Another Man's Treasure is a mystery-romance novel written by James V. O'Connor and published in August 2011. It follows Ted McCormick a married home organizer in Albany New York as he searches for unknown highly valuable objects in an old Victorian mansion. While doing so he fights his growing feelings for another client a flirtatious divorcee. The book received largely positive reviews for both suspense and realistic emotional relationships.
 Terror Syndrome is the debut album by Canadian metal band Terror Syndrome. The album was independently released in July 2008 through online distributors. A physical release with a new track featuring the band's new vocalist Dave Padden is planned for 2009.
 Airy is an impact crater on Mars named in honor of the British Astronomer Royal Sir George Biddell Airy (1801–1892). The crater is approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) in diameter and is located at 0.1°E 5.1°S in the Meridiani Planum region. The much smaller crater Airy-0 which defines the location of Mars' prime meridian lies within it.
 Just a Dream – 22 Dreams Live is a 2009 live DVD and CD by Paul Weller.The DVD features a full 90 minute live session recorded for the BBC that was first televised in December 2008.
 Chicocenebra is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Unsung Heroes also known as Unknown Heroes or more literally as Nameless Heroes is a North Korean film series about a spy in Seoul during the Korean War. Over twenty hours long it was filmed and released in multiple parts between 1978 and 1981. It was the recipient of the Kim Il-sung Medal.
 2nd Chance is the second novel in the Women's Murder Club series written by James Patterson with Andrew Gross. It is the sequel to 1st to Die.
 Mylothris alberici is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in western Uganda Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kivu). The habitat consists of forests.
 Burning Bridges is a 1928 American Western film featuring Harry Carey directed by James P. Hogan and released through Pathe Exchange.
 Leucozona laternaria is a European species of hoverfly.
 Colloniidae is a family of small sea snails with calcareous opercula marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda.
 Scarlet Seas is a lost 1929 silent film romantic adventure produced by Richard A. Rowland and distributed by First National Pictures. The picture was directed by John Francis Dillon. It starred Richard Barthelmess Betty Compson and teen Loretta Young. This film was released with a Vitaphone soundtrack of music and effects which survive. The visual elements of the film are lost.
 The Liberty Bell Museum (also the Liberty Bell Shrine Museum) is a non-profit organization and museum located in Zion's United Church of Christ (formerly Zion's Reformed Church) in Allentown Pennsylvania in the United States. The museum based in the church in which the Liberty Bell was hidden during the American Revolutionary War contains exhibits relating to the Liberty Bell and subjects including liberty freedom patriotism and local history. The shrine was founded in 1962 by Dr.
 Donald W. Don Merricks (born January 13 1952) is an American politician. Since 2008 he has been a Republican member of the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 16th district in Southside Virginia made up of the city of Martinsville and parts of Henry and Pittsylvania Counties.Merricks announced that he would not run for reelection in 2013.
 Monolith is the second album by Swedish Progressive Death metal band In Mourning. It was Released In North America in on the 16th of February 2010 .
 Story of the Year is an EP released by the band Story of the Year when they were known as Big Blue Monkey. It was released in May 2002 on Criterion Records after most indie labels passed on them including Drive Thru Records. This EP has been out of print since its first pressing of 3000 CDs in 2002.
 An Air Defense Direction Center (ADDC) was a type of United States command post for assessing Cold War radar tracks assigning height requests to available heignt-finder radars and for Weapons Direction: coordinating command guidance of aircraft from more than 1 site for ground-controlled interception (weapons assignment).
 The Östliche Marzellspitze is a mountain in the Ötztal Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 The African Paradise Flycatcher (Terpsiphone viridis) is a medium-sized passerine bird.The African Paradise Flycatcher is a common resident breeder in Africa south of the Sahara Desert. This species is usually found in open forests and savannah habitats. Two or three eggs are laid in a tiny cup nest in a tree.The adult male African Paradise Flycatcher is about 17 cm long but the very long tail streamers double this. It has a black head neck and underparts and chestnut wings and tail.
 Father Goose: His Book is a collection of nonsense poetry for children written by L. Frank Baum and illustrated by W. W. Denslow and first published in 1899. Though generally neglected a century later the book was a groundbreaking sensation in its own era; once America's best-selling children's book and L. Frank Baum's first success Father Goose laid a foundation for the writing career that soon led to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and all of Baum's later work.
 William S. Townsend House is located in the Dennisville section of Dennis Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1811 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 5 1984.According to the National Register Application: The house was the home of William S. Townsend a prominent merchant farmer and community leader in Dennisville. Architecturally the house is an interesting example of the Vernacular Neoclassicial style.
 Samastha Keralam PO is a 2009 Malayalam film by Bipin Prabhakar starring Jayaram and Priyanka.
 I Love Lucy aka I Love Lucy: The Movie is a 1953 American feature film spin-off of the sitcom I Love Lucy. Except for one test screening in Bakersfield California the film was never theatrically released and was shelved.
 Hot Coffee is a 2011 documentary film that analyzes and discusses the impact of tort reform on the United States judicial system. It is directed by Susan Saladoff who has practiced as a medical malpractice attorney for at least 26 years. The film premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival on January 24 2011 and later aired on HBO on June 27 2011 as a part of HBO films documentary summer series. The title is derived from the Liebeck v.
 Copelatus baoulicus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo & Pederzani in 1978.
 Mihal Zallari (1896–1976) was an Albanian historian politician journalist and poet. He served as Chairman of the National Parliament of Albania in 1943–44.
 Ptychophallus is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae.
 Onagrodes barbarula is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on New Ireland.The wingspan is about 24 mm.
 Aversi (Persian: اورسي‎ also Romanized as Āversī and Aversī) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 664 in 127 families.
 To Shoot an Elephant is a 2009 documentary film about the 2008-2009 Gaza War directed by Alberto Arce and Mohammad Rujailahk.
 Brockton City Hall is an historic city hall at 45 School Street in Brockton Massachusetts.The hall was built in 1892 and added to the National Historic Register in 1976.
 The Annals of Probability is a peer-reviewed statistics journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics. It was started in 1973 as a continuation in part of the Annals of Mathematical Statistics which was split into the Annals of Statistics and the Annals of Probability. Articles older than 3 years are available on JSTOR and all articles since 2004 are freely available on arXiv.
 Full Circle is the third album from heavy metal band Drowning Pool released on August 7 2007. It is their first of two studio releases with Ryan McCombs then former singer of SOiL who joined the band after the departure of Jason 'Gong' Jones in 2005. This album has a less heavy post-grunge-oriented sound compared to the band's previous studio album Desensitized.
 The Sweet River (Jamaica) is a river of Jamaica.The source of Sweet River is Sweet River Cave Cairn Curran.
 D. Devaraj Urs (20 August 1915 – 1982) was an Indian politician who served two terms as the 8th Chief Minister of Karnataka (1972–77 1978–80) a state in southern India. An Indian National Congress party leader from Mysore Urs was a member of the intra-party Syndicate of powerful regional leaders. However he was never as antagonistic towards Prime Minister Indira Gandhi as other leaders of the Syndicate such as K. Kamaraj.
 Ceracanthia cornuta is a species of snout moth. It was described by Neunzig and Solis in 2002 and is known from Costa Rica.
 The Betume River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Rokudenashi Blues (ろくでなしBLUES lit. Good-for-Nothing Blues) is a boxing themed manga series authored by Masanori Morita that was serialized in the Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1988 to 1997.
 Dhobaha is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 The church of Santi Nazaro e Celso is located on Corso Giamcomo Matteotti at the intersection with Cia Fratelli Bronzetti in Brescia Lombardy Italy.It contains a series of prominent artworks most notable of which is the Averoldi Polyptych a masterwork of Titian. Originally a church was found at approximately the same site in 1239 in an area that had been enclosed by enlarged city walls. A major reconstruction began in 1746.
 Royal Heroine (1980–2002) was an Thoroughbred Champion racehorse foaled in Ireland who raced in England and France and then in the United States where she set a North American record for a mile on turf while winning the inaugural running of the Breeders' Cup Mile in 1984.
 Cerro Armazones is a mountain located in the Sierra Vicuña Mackenna of the Chilean Coast Range approximately 130 km (81 mi) south-east of Antofagasta in the Antofagasta Region Chile. It has a height of 3064 m (10052 ft) and is located in a privileged zone for optical astronomy because it has 89% cloudless nights a year.
 Centre Stage (Chinese: 阮玲玉; pinyin: ruǎn líng yù; Cantonese Yale: yun5 ling4 yuk6) also known as Actress and Yuen Ling-yuk is a 1992 Hong Kong film directed by Stanley Kwan.The film is based on a true story: the tragic life of China's first prima donna of the silver screen Ruan Lingyu. This movie chronicles her rise to fame as a movie actress in Shanghai during the 1930s.
 Common names: ground rattlesnakes pigmy rattlesnakes massasaugas.Sistrurus is a genus of venomous pit vipers found in Canada the United States and Mexico. The name is a Latinized form of the Greek word for tail rattler (Σείστρουρος Seistrouros) and shares its root with the ancient Egyptian musical instrument the sistrum a type of rattle. Three species are currently recognized.
 Francine Lalonde (August 24 1940 – January 17 2014) was a politician on the federal (Canada) and provincial (Quebec) levels. Prior to being elected she was a lecturer teacher and unionist.She was minister responsible for the status of women in the Lévesque government from January 16 1985 until June 5 1985.
 The Big Hatchet Mountains are an 18 mi (29 km) long mountain range in southeast Hidalgo County New Mexico adjacent the northern border of Chihuahua state Mexico.The range lies just south of a westerly excursion of the Continental Divide of the Americas; it lies on the eastern perimeter of the extensive narrow and north-south Playas Valley and is the center range of three mostly arid low to moderate-elevation ranges that lie on the valley's east perimeter.
 Rouleina is a genus of slickheads.
 Candy is the fifth album by the Vallejo California musical group Con Funk Shun. It was released in 1979 on the Mercury Records label.
 The Devil's Backbone (Spanish: El espinazo del diablo) is a 2001 Spanish-Mexican gothic horror film directed by Guillermo del Toro and written by del Toro Antonio Trashorras and David Muñoz. It was independently produced by Pedro Almodóvar and filmed in Madrid.The film is set in Spain 1939 during the final year of the Spanish Civil War. Del Toro considers it his most personal film.
 Polionycta is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pranab Kumar Mukherjee (/prənəb kʊmɑːr mʉkhərdʒiː/; born 11 December 1935) is the 13th and current President of India in office since July 2012. In a political career spanning six decades Mukherjee was a senior leader of the Indian National Congress and occupied several ministerial portfolios in the Government of India.
 The Pârâul Curmăturii River is a tributary of the Mânăileasa River in Romania.
 Gros Morne is a mountain located in western Newfoundland near the coastal community of Rocky Harbour in Gros Morne National Park. At 807 m (2648 ft) high it is the second highest peak on Newfoundland exceeded only by The Cabox.
 The House on Sorority Row (original UK title: House of Evil) is a 1983 American slasher film directed by Mark Rosman. The film has become a cult classic among fans of the genre.
 The Scharfenstein (English: Sharp Stone) is a rock and about 25 metres high situated in the Lusatian Mountains. It sits on a mountain with an elevation of 569 metres in the German southeastern state of Saxony. Due to its distinctive shape it is also called the Upper-Lusatian Matterhorn by the locals. The rock can be accessed via ladders and a staircase from the south and is one of the most famous look-outs in the Zittau Mountains.
 John Randell Adams (born 1955) is a United States federal judge.Adams was born in Orrville Ohio and received a B.S. from Bowling Green State University in 1978 followed by a J.D. from University of Akron School of Law in 1983. He was a law clerk to W. F. Spicer of the Ohio Court of Common Pleas from 1983 to 1984. He then entered the private practice of law in Ohio until 1999 also working as an Assistant prosecutor in the Summit County Prosecutor's Office Ohio from 1986 to 1989.
 Christopher Vaughan Chris Evans (born 14 May 1958) is a former Australian politician. He was a member of the Australian Senate for the state of Western Australia from 1993 to 2013 representing the Australian Labor Party.
 Fortune Arterial (フォーチュン アテリアル Fōchun Ateriaru) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by August released as a limited edition version on January 25 2008 playable on Windows PCs as a DVD. Fortune Arterial is August's fifth game preceded by other titles such as Tsuki wa Higashi ni Hi wa Nishi ni: Operation Sanctuary and Yoake Mae yori Ruriiro na.
 Turbonilla murilloi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Black Butterfly is a lost 1916 silent film drama starring Olga Petrova and released by Metro Pictures.
 Simi Peak is a peak in the Simi Hills in Southern California. It is the highest peak in the Simi Hills at 2403 feet (732 m).
 GetBackers (ゲットバッカーズ -奪還屋- Gettobakkāzu Dakkan'ya lit. GetBackers: Recovery Service) is a manga series written by Yuya Aoki and illustrated by Rando Ayamine. The series was serialized and is published by Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 1999 until 2007 totaling 39 volumes. The plot follows the GetBackers a group that retrieves anything that was lost.
 Daphnia barbata is a species of water flea within the family Daphniidae. It occurs in several places within Africa including Lake Chad in northwest Africa and in the Makgadikgadi Pan in Botswana.
 Payasos en la lavadora (Clowns in the Washing Machine) is a humorous novel written in Spanish by Spanish Basque film maker Álex de la Iglesia in 1997. It tells the experiences of a bohemian writer during Bilbao's Main Week fiestas.
 Whitney Mansion is located in Glassboro Gloucester County New Jersey United States. Also known as Hollybush the historic home was used as the Rowan University President's Residence until 1998. Since 2003 Rowan University has spent more than $3 million to restore the mansion. It is now being used as a meeting place and museum.In 1967 the mansion hosted the Glassboro Summit Conference a summit meeting between United States President Lyndon B.
 Gag Manga Biyori (ギャグマンガ日和 Gyagu Manga Biyori lit. Good Day for Gag Manga) is a manga serialized in Monthly Shōnen Jump until July 2007 when the magazine ceased to publish. The manga has continued serialization in its monthly successor Jump Square. Three 12-episode anime series were produced by Artland selecting stories from the manga. Each episode is 5 minutes long.
 Shahrak-e Sahab ol Zeman (Persian: شهرك صاحب الزمان‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Şāḥab ol Zemān) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 51 families.
 The Pelican River is an 85.3-mile-long (137.3 km) tributary of the Otter Tail River of Minnesota in the United States.
 Little Mountain is a monadnock that is the highest point in the Midlands region of South Carolina. It has an elevation of 813 feet (247 m) above mean sea level and is located in southeastern Newberry County about 25 miles from Columbia.
 Effutu is a village in Effutu Municipal District in the Central Region of Ghana. The village is known for the Effutu Secondary School School. The school is a second cycle institution.
 The Pirates! In an Adventure with Scientists is the first book in The Pirates! series by Gideon Defoe dealing with a hapless crew of pirates. It was published in 2004 by Orion Books (ISBN 0-297-84885-2). The book was adapted into a stop-motion film by Aardman Animations.
 Braehead (Scots: Braeheid Gaelic: Ceann a' Bhruthaich) is a commercial development located at the former site of Braehead Power Station in Renfrew on the south bank of the River Clyde in Renfrewshire. It is particularly notable for its large shopping centre arena and leisure facilities.The shopping centre was rebranded as Intu Braehead in 2013 as part of a corporate rebranding exercise by Capital Shopping Centres which renamed itself Intu Properties.
 Mojón Grande is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina. It lies at a latitude of 27 ° 42 'South and a longitude of 55 ° 09' West.
 Car Trouble is a novel by Jeanne DuPrau published in 2005 about a man named Duff Pringle who travels across the country for a future job.
 Dobrzyniewo [dɔbʐɨˈɲevɔ] (German: Dobbertin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Wyrzysk 34 km (21 mi) east of Piła and 90 km (56 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Donja Kruševica is a village in the municipality of Golubac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 350 people.
 Miss You is a compilation album by The Stranglers.
 Ariadne J. and Mary A. Borden House is a historic house located at 92 Globe Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1882 for Ariadne and Mary Borden sisters who were both principals of grammar schools. The structure is considered one of the best examples of a small two-story mansard cottage in the city. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Siosta is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Koplitaguse is a village in Tamsalu Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Buffalo Tennis and Squash Club is a historic clubhouse building located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Classical Revival–style structure constructed in 1915–1916.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Ruben Wills is a Council Member representing the New York City Council's 28th District covering the Richmond Hill South Ozone Park Rochdale and Jamaica sections of Queens. Wills has also worked for the SEIU Local 1199 Union as well as under councilman Leroy Comrie.[citation needed] After losing the 2009 primary to Thomas White Jr. Wills won the seat the very next year after White died.
 The Schwarzberghorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. Its summit (3610 m) is the tripoint between the valleys of Mattertal Saastal (both in Valais) and Valle Anzasca (in Piedmont) and the southernmost point of the Mischabel-Strahlhorn chain.
 Marysin [maˈrɨɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Vaskareh (Persian: وسكاره‎ also Romanized as Vaskāreh and Vesgāreh; also known as Vesgāh) is a village in Abali Rural District Rudehen District Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 24 families.
 Five Star Billionaire is a novel by Tash Aw published in 2013.It was longlisted for the Man Booker Prize for Fiction in 2013 Man Booker Prize Aw's first nomination.
 Graduation Afternoon is a short story by Stephen King originally published in the March 2007 issue of Postscripts and collected in King's 2008 collection Just After Sunset. The story tells of a young woman enjoying her high school graduation party at her wealthy boyfriend's suburban Connecticut home and subsequently witnessing the destruction of Manhattan by an atomic bomb.
 Ginger Snaps 2: Unleashed (released as Ginger Snaps II: Unleashed on DVD) is a 2004 Canadian horror sequel to Ginger Snaps and the second entry in the Ginger Snaps trilogy written by Megan Martin and directed by Brett Sullivan. A prequel Ginger Snaps Back: The Beginning was filmed back-to-back with Ginger Snaps 2: Unleashed and was released in 2004.
 Nils Olof Thorbjörn Fälldin (born 24 April 1926) is a Swedish politician. He was Prime Minister of Sweden in three non-consecutive cabinets from 1976 to 1982 and leader of the Swedish Centre Party from 1971 to 1985. On his first appointment in 1976 he was the first non-Social Democrat Prime Minister for forty years and the first since the 1930s not to have worked as a professional politician since his teens.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād and Ibrāhīmābād) is a village in Vahdat Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 767 in 176 families.
 Bente Thorsen (born 31 October 1958 in Karmøy) is a Norwegian politician representing the Progress Party. She has been a member of the Storting since following the 2009 parliamentary election as Rogaland's 12th representative. She was a deputy representative between 2005 and 2009.Prior to her election to parliament Thorsen was a member of the Karmøy municipality council from 1987 and also a member of the formannskap between 1995 and 2009.
 Coleophora albicostella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Latvia to the Iberian Peninsula Italy Greece and Cyprus.The larvae feed on Fragaria vesca Potentilla cinerea Potentilla palustris and Potentilla tabaernaemontani. They create a yellowish white spatulate leaf case. It strongly compressed laterally and bivalved. Larvae can be found from autumn to May.
 The Anthony and Susan Cardinal Walke House is a historic residence on the west side of Chillicothe Ohio United States. Erected around 1812 it is a Colonial Revival house built in the style of the early post-independence period of the United States.
 Bones of the Earth is a 2002 science fiction novel by Michael Swanwick. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 2002 and the Hugo Campbell and Locus Awards in 2003.
 Lake Alta is a glacial lake in The Remarkables near Queenstown in the South Island of New Zealand. It is approximately 500 metres by 250 metres in size and freezes over in the winter months. At this time it is used by skiers and snowboarders. It is used by divers who hold an annual ice dive there as well as Antarctica New Zealand diver pre deployment training.
 Liederbach (Main) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Léto s kovbojem Summer With a Cowboy in English is a 1976 Czechoslovak film directed by Ivo Novák. It starred Daniela Kolářová Jaromír Hanzlík and Oldřich Vízner.
 Darapsa is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 One Perfect Day (Hangul: 사랑의 가위바위보; RR: Sarangui Gawibawibo; lit.
 Twilight of the Dark Master (支配者の黄昏 Shihaisha no Tasogare) is a Japanese anime film based on a manga by Saki Okuse. It was produced by Masao Maruyama directed by Akiyuki Shinbo and the screenplay was written by Duane Dell'Amico. The film was distributed and licensed in 1997 by Urban Vision.
 Burner is the only album by American math rock band Breadwinner released in 1994 through Merge Records. It compiles two out-of-print 7-inch singles released by the band and 3 unreleased tracks.
 Scout is a comic book series starting in 1985 by American writer artist and musician Timothy Truman. It was published by Eclipse Comics.The story stars a Native American Apache named Emanuel Santana. The setting of the series was a chaotic United States.
 Mnemesis is the fifth album by Danish metal band Mnemic. This is the first album to feature new members Simone Bertozzi (bass) Victor-Ray Salomonsen (guitar) and Brian Larsen (drums) leaving guitarist Mircea Gabriel Eftemie the sole original member.
 The Darkest Road is the third novel of The Fionavar Tapestry trilogy by Guy Gavriel Kay. The Summer Tree and The Wandering Fire are the first two books.
 Nicholas Adolphus Sterne (April 5 1801 – March 27 1852) served three terms in the Texas House of Representatives and one term in the Texas State Senate. He immigrated to the United States from Germany in 1817 living in Louisiana for ten years. In 1826 he moved to Nacogdoches Texas where he operated a mercantile and smuggled weapons for the colonist who wished to rebel against Mexico.
 First National Bank of Commerce Building located at 210 Baronne Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 19-story 252-foot (77 m)-tall skyscraper.Currently the building is slated to be home of the Kailas Tower condominium and apartment development by New Orleans developer Mohan Kailas.
 Saxon Rice (born 15 June 1976) is an Australian Liberal National politician who is the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Mount Coot-tha having defeated Treasurer Andrew Fraser at the 2012 state election. She was appointed Assistant Minister for Technical and Further Education on 3 April 2012.Rice has a Master of International Law from the Australian National University and a Bachelor of Economics from Sydney University.
 Orgi Pörnchen 2 – Der Soundtrack is the second soundtrack from King Orgasmus' porn film Orgi Pörnchen 2 - Das Auge fickt mit.
 The Song of Ceylon is a 1934 British documentary film directed by Basil Wright and produced by John Grierson for the Ceylon Tea Propaganda Board.The film was shot on location in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) at the start of 1934 and completed at the GPO film studios in Blackheath London.Digitized versions of the film are available to watch online on YouTube and via the Colonial Film: Moving Images of the British Empire website.
 Give and Take is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine.
 The Karoo Daisy Copper (Chrysoritis chrysantas) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from the North Cape to the West Cape.The wingspan is 22-25 mm for males and 27-30 mm for females. Adults are on wing from August to November and from March to May. There are two generations per year.
 The Knob-billed Fruit Dove (Ptilinopus insolitus) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 Bila Vlaka is a village in is a village in Stankovci municipality in Zadar county Croatia. According to the 2001 census it has 171 inhabitants.
 Puss in Boots is an animated direct-to-video movie created in 1999 by Phil Nibbelink. It is based on the story Puss in Boots.It featured the voices of Judge Reinhold Dan Haggerty Michael York and Vivian Schilling.
 Invisible is an EP from Philadelphia's Paint It Black. It was released by No Idea Records on April 2 2013. It was the band's first release since 2009's Surrender.
 Juan Luis Rodriguez-Vigil Rubio (born March 15 1945) is a Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) politician. He was President of the Principality of Asturias between 1991 and 1993.
 Dark Flight (Thai: ４０７ เที่ยวบินผี) is a 2012 Thai horror film. The film was directed by Issara Nadee. It shows the journey of a passenger plane haunted by ghosts that gradually trick the passengers into going insane and killing each other.
 Hell Night is a 1981 American independent horror film directed by Tom DeSimone written by Randy Feldman and starring Linda Blair. The film depicts a night of fraternity hazing (hell night) set in an old manor during which a deformed maniac terrorizes and murders many of the college students.
 Theo-Ben Gurirab (born January 23 1939) is a Namibian politician who was Prime Minister of Namibia from 2002 to 2005. Previously he was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1990 to 2002 and during that time he was President of the United Nations General Assembly from 1999 to 2000. He has been Speaker of the National Assembly of Namibia since 2005.
 The Other Gods is a short story written by American horror writer H. P. Lovecraft on August 14 1921. It was first published in the November 1933 issue of The Fantasy Fan.
 Hans Michael Mark (born June 17 1929) is a former Secretary of the Air Force and a former Deputy Administrator of NASA. He is an expert and consultant in aerospace design and national defense policy. Mark is currently working in the Department of Aerospace Engineering and Engineering Mechanics at the University of Texas at Austin.
 The Angulose Prominent (Peridea angulosa) is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found from southern Canada south to Florida and west to Texas.The wingspan is 35–45 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae feed on Quercus species.
 Brij Behari Lal Butail (or BBL Butail) (Hindi: बृज बेहारी लाल बुटेल) is an Indian Politician from Palampur. He is the current MLA from Palampur and the 12th Speaker of Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly.
 Didn't See Me Coming is R&B singer Keith Sweat's seventh studio album released in 2000 on Elektra Records.
 Balia is a village and principal settlement of the commune of Koulou in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.
 The Mymaridae commonly known as fairyflies or fairy wasps are a family of chalcid wasps found in temperate and tropical regions throughout the world. It contains around 100 genera with 1400 species.Fairyflies are very tiny insects like most chalcid wasps. They average at only 0.5 to 1.0 mm (0.020 to 0.039 in) long. They include the world's smallest known insect with a body length of only 0.139 mm (0.0055 in) and the smallest known flying insect only 0.15 mm (0.0059 in) long.
 Gli Innocenti pagano is a 1951 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Capuano.
 Medovići is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 State Correctional Institution – Mahanoy is a 1000 cell all male Medium-Security correctional facility located along Interstate 81 in Schuylkill County Pennsylvania.
 The Poseidon Adventure is a 1972 American action-adventure disaster film directed by Ronald Neame produced by Irwin Allen and based on Paul Gallico's novel of the same name. The film features an all-star cast including five Academy Award winners: Gene Hackman Ernest Borgnine Jack Albertson Shelley Winters and Red Buttons. The cast also includes Carol Lynley Stella Stevens Roddy McDowall Leslie Nielsen and in an early screen role Pamela Sue Martin.
 Paranoid Park is a 2007 American-French drama film written and directed by Gus Van Sant. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Blake Nelson and takes place in Portland Oregon. It stars Gabe Nevins as a teenage skateboarder who accidentally kills a security guard.Van Sant wrote the draft script in two days after reading and deciding to adapt Nelson's novel.
 The Happy Thieves is a 1961 American crime/comedy-drama film starring Rex Harrison and Rita Hayworth and directed by George Marshall. The film is based on the novel The Oldest Confession by Richard Condon. The film was poorly received with star Harrison later describing it as 'absolute rubbish'.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 36 families.
 Milton Berkes (born September 29 1924) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Anulifera is an extinct genus of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Protorculidae. In 2012 a new species A. chubutensis was described from the Early Jurassic period (late Pliensbachian-early Toarcian) of Argentina by S. Mariel Ferrari.
 Sudół [ˈsuduu̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Działoszyce 20 km (12 mi) south of Pińczów and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Commissioner William A.
 The Knee-Joint Dart (Feltia geniculata) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Ontario Quebec New Brunswick Nova Scotia Prince Edward Island and Manitoba and adjacent parts of the United States including Massachusetts.The wingspan is 29–34 mm. Adults are on wing from July to mid-September.The larvae feed on a wide variety of plants.
 爱 频率 is the first Mandarin EP of South Korean singer Kangta physically released September 14. 爱 频率 (Breaka Shaka) was digitally released September 13. It is Kangta's first album after his military activities. The music video for 爱 频率 (Breaka Shaka) featured label mate Victoria of f(x).
 Barudar (Persian: برودر‎ also Romanized as Barūdar; also known as Bartūdār) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District Kalatrazan District Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 43 families.
 William Matthew Ketchum (September 2 1921 – June 24 1978) was a U.S. Representative from California.Ketchum was born on September 2 1921 in Los Angeles California. He attended schools in Los Angeles County and military school in North Hollywood California.He attended Colorado School of Mines from 1939 to 1940 and the University of Southern California from 1940 to 1942. He entered the United States Army in 1942 and served in the Pacific before discharge in 1946.
 Tim Shaffer is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate serving from 1981 to 1996.
 Den i Nok (Macedonian: Ден и Ноќ; English: Day and Night) is the debut album of the Macedonian pop musician Elena Risteska. Following the release of the album in 2003 Risteska garnered popularity in several Balkan countries. The album although only long enough to be an EP achieved a large amount of success in her native country of Macedonia with several songs from the album going on to become hit singles in their own right.
 One Shot is the ninth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. The book title is based onOne shot one kill the military sniper's creed.
 Birdman Anthology (鳥人大系 Chōjin Taikei) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1971.
 One Christmas is an autobiographical short story by Truman Capote portions of which were originally published in a 1982 issue of the Ladies’ Home Journal magazine. It was shortly thereafter published in 1983 as a book by Random House Inc. The story is an emotional childhood tale about the nature of deception and alcoholism. It is Capote’s last short story and a sequel to The Thanksgiving Visitor.
 Wickliffe Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 111 13th Avenue in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. It is in Richardsonian Romanesque style and was designed by William Halsey Wood. It was built in 1889.The 13th Avenue church replaced a church used previously by the congregation at 2 Wickliffe Street in Newark.
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 9 families.
 Das Volk (pronounced [das fɔlk] The People) was a daily newspaper published from Berlin Germany. It was the central organ of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). The first issue of Das Volk was published on July 7 1945. Das Volk was the second working class-newspaper to emerge in Berlin after the Second World War. During its first twenty days of publishing Das Volk was printed in Berliner format (a relatively small format at the time).
 Słoptów [ˈswɔptuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Lipnik 11 km (7 mi) south of Opatów and 63 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 200.
 Randavan (Persian: رندوان‎ also Romanized as Randavān) is a village in Zefreh Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Adams Mountain (variant name: Adams Knob) is a mountain near the unincorporated community of Collettsville North Carolina. It is situated wholly within Pisgah National Forest. It reaches 2490 feet (759 m) and is nearby Brown Mountain Ridge which is known for its mysterious Brown Mountain Lights. Adams Mountain generates feeder streams for the Catawba River.
 Holstenau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Nowe Wrońska [ˈnɔvɛ ˈvrɔɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Załuski within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Robert Allen Katzmann (born April 22 1953 in New York New York) is Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. He became Chief Judge on September 1 2013.
 Bad Medicine Lake is a spring-fed lake located in Forest Township in Becker County Minnesota. It got its name from the fact that early Native Americans in the area thought that a lake with neither inlet nor outlet was a place of bad omen (bad medicine) and would not hunt or fish near the lake. The lake is approximately five miles long a half mile wide and reaches depths of up to 90 feet (27 m). It is known for its clear cold waters and rainbow trout fishing.
 Gidget Goes to Rome is a 1963 Columbia Pictures feature film starring Cindy Carol as the archetypal high school teen surfer girl originally created by Sandra Dee in the 1959 film Gidget. The film is the third of three Gidget films directed by Paul Wendkos and expands upon Gidget's romance with boyfriend Moondoggie. The screenplay was written by Ruth Brooks Flippen based on characters created by Frederick Kohner.
 Moodring is the third studio album by American recording artist Mýa. It was her last studio album for then record label A&M and Interscope Records released July 22 2003. Before Harrison began to work on what eventually would be her third studio album she participated in prior engagements (Lady Marmalade and Chicago).
 Borów-Kolonia [ˈbɔruf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodel within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Rhagodia is a genus in the arachnid order Solifugae comprising four species. R. abessinica is found in Ethiopia while the other three species are found in the Near East from Turkey to Pakistan.
 The Art of Breaking is the third studio album by Christian rock band Thousand Foot Krutch that was released by Tooth & Nail Records in July 2005. The band diverges even farther from the rap-rock from their past albums omitting rap segments almost entirely in favor of a more mainstream rock sound or traditional heavy metal elements. The single Move received moderate mainstream success reaching No. 16 on Billboard's mainstream rock charts in early 2006.
 Love For Sale is an album by Irish jazz singer Mary Coughlan released in July 1995 by Demon Records.
 Messingåga (Southern Sami: Siejphjohke) is a 8-kilometre (5.0 mi) long river which flows northwards ending up as a tributary to the river Ranelva at Hjartåsen in the small village of Storvoll in the Dunderlandsdal valley in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway.
 Lac Baker (meaning Lake Baker) is a Canadian lake with an area of 6 km² located in northwestern New Brunswick on the border with Quebec.The lake drains to the south through Baker Brook into the Saint John River at the community of Baker Brook.The lake derives its name from John Baker who founded Baker Brook and subsequently discovered the lake.
 The Leroy Keener House is a historic home located at 3506 Woodlawn School Road in Knoxville Tennessee. It is also known as KN 2844 Fairview and Summer's Haven. Designed in the Federal style the house was built in 1842 by Leroy Keener an early Knox County farmer. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 for its architecture and role in the area's early settlement.Leroy Keener's father Peter Keener moved to the Seven Islands area from Pennsylvania in 1809.
 Aghan (Persian: اغان‎ also Romanized as Āghān; also known as Āghūn) is a village in Pol Beh Pain Rural District Simakan District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 555 in 121 families.
 Węgierskie [vɛnˈɡʲɛrskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Kostrzyn and 25 km (16 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 210.
 The North Fork Arikaree River is a 50.1-mile-long (80.6 km) tributary of the Arikaree River in eastern Colorado. It flows from a source in western Lincoln County to a confluence with the Arikaree River in Washington County.
 Tackhead Tape Time is the debut album of Tackhead released in 1987 through Nettwerk.
 Cocina (Spanish: Cuisine and/or Kitchen) is a Colombian-based monthly magazine published by Publicaciones Semana S.A.. It features recipes cooking tips culinary tourism information restaurant reviews chefs wine pairings and seasonal/holiday content going beyond the typical and traditional Colombian cuisine while still paying homage to them in certain issues.
 Donelson Caffery (September 10 1835 – December 30 1906) was an American politician from the state of Louisiana a distinguished soldier in the American Civil War and a sugar plantation owner.
 Aliabad-e Kukhdan (Persian: علي ابادكوخدان‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Kūkhdān; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Dana Rural District in the Central District of Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 29 families.
 Przedbojewice [pʂɛdbɔjɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszwica within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Tangled Up is the fourth studio album by British girl group Girls Aloud released on 16 November 2007 through Fascination Records. The album was produced by Brian Higgins and production team Xenomania and recorded over six months. According to the group the production and songwriting began with each member meeting with Higgins to discuss what had happened with them since the release of Chemistry (2005).
 The Ash Street Jail and Regional Lock-Up located in New Bedford Massachusetts is a jail for inmates who are awaiting trial from Bristol County MA. The Ash Street Jail was built in 1888 on the site of the New Bedford House of Correction and the former New Bedford County Jail that was built in 1829. It is currently overseen by Bristol County Sheriff Thomas M.
 Gençali is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 The Sands of Ammon (original title: Le Sabbie di Amon) is the second part of Valerio Massimo Manfredi's Alexander trilogy following on from Child of a Dream. Continuing the epic story of Alexander the Great The Sands of Ammon narrates of the Macedonian king's quest to conquer Asia. He and his men storm and conquer Persian towns and harbours; even the legendary town of Halicarnassus is defeated.
 William Wilkins (December 20 1779 – June 23 1865) was an American lawyer jurist and politician from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. During his career he served in both houses of the Pennsylvania State Legislature and in all three branches of the United States federal government including service as a United States federal judge as a member of both the House and Senate and as a cabinet member.
 Sudhandhiram (English: Independence) is a 2000 Tamil language film directed by Raj Kapoor and produced by K. R. Gangadharan. The film features Arjun and Rambha in lead roles whilst Raghuvaran Raadhika and Sharat Saxena play supporting roles. It is a remake of the Hindi film Ghulam.
 Peter Ronald Hall (born 27 May 1952) was an Australian politician. He was a National member of the Victorian Legislative Council from 1988 to 2014 representing Gippsland Province (1988–2006) and the Eastern Victoria Region (2006–2014).
 The Château Saint-Léon is a former castle in the commune of Eguisheim in the Haut-Rhin département of France.
 The Great Falls Grange Hall and Forestville School are two historic buildings that served as a Grange meeting hall and as a school located in Great Falls Fairfax County Virginia. The Forestville School was built in 1889 as a one-room school and expanded in 1911 with the appendage of the Floris School. It is an L-shaped wood-frame structure covered in weatherboards and topped by a standing-seam metal cross-gable roof.
 Deep Economy: The Wealth of Communities and the Durable Future a non-fiction work by Bill McKibben an environmentalist who published in the field of ecological economics in 2007. The work promoted sustainable economy in close knit communities. These included regions that generated their own food their own energy their own culture and their own entertainment. McKibben was interviewed by Salon.com and was asked what deep economy was.
 I Liked It Better When You Had No Heart is the fifth full-length studio album by Butch Walker released under the name Butch Walker and the Black Widows. On January 5 2010 Walker released Trash Day as the first single backed with the track She Likes Hair Bands. The complete track list was made available on Butch's website in February 2010. The vinyl release was February 2 2010 with the CD/digital release following on February 23 2010.
 Chasing Mavericks is a 2012 American biographical drama film directed by Curtis Hanson and Michael Apted about the life of American surfer Jay Moriarity.
 Closet Freak: The Best of Cee Lo Green The Soul Machine is a greatest hits compilation album released by American hip hop musician Cee Lo Green also known for working with Atlanta hip hop group Goodie Mob and production duo Gnarls Barkley. The album consists of tracks from his work with the Goodie Mob and his two solo albums. The album comes on the heels of his noted mainstream rise due to the popularity of the Gnarls Barkley St. Elsewhere album and Crazy single.
 Dudharakchhe is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10684 people living in 1952 individual households.
 Goaligongidris is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Goaligongidris planidorsa.
 The Ax Billy Department Store located in Eugene Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is currently occupied by the Downtown Athletic Club.
 Mantidactylus microtympanum is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Frank Louis Oliver was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives representing the 195th District from a special election on November 15 1973. until retiring from the House on November 30 2010.Oliver announced that he was retiring after 37 years in the Pennsylvania House.
 The Moody Church (often mistakenly referred to as Moody Memorial Church due to a large sign that used to be over the main entrance which designated the name of the sanctuary) is a historic Protestant (Christian) church in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Chicago Illinois.
 East West is the debut full-length album and the fifth release from East West. Vintage a remastered edition was released in 2003.
 Strawhead is a play by American writers Norman Mailer and Richard Hannum about Hollywood icon Marilyn Monroe. The play is a stage adaptation of Mailer's 1980 book Of Women and Their Elegance an imaginary memoir told in Monroe's voice.Strawhead takes place in New York City during the last few days of Monroe's life in August 1962 a period in which she is alone with her memories most of which revolve around the days when she lived in New York.
 †Partulina montagui was a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species was endemic to Hawaii in the United States.
 Someone Was Watching is a 1993 novel written by David Patneaude about a boy who believes his missing little sister didn't actually drown in a river but was kidnapped.
 The Heideberg is a hill up to 112.8 m above sea level in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in the district of Nordwestmecklenburg. It is one of the highest points in the district.The wooded rise is located in the outer region of the municipality of Grevesmühlen only about six kilometres south of the Baltic Sea coast and the bay of Wohlenberger Wiek. It is just under 7 kilometres east of Grevesmühlen and rises immediately north of Barendorf.
 Bjerkås is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Majków Duży [ˈmai̯kuf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Wola Krzysztoporska 6 km (4 mi) north-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 42 km (26 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 For the Record is the debut studio album by American rapper Torae released on November 1 2011 via his own imprint Internal Affairs Entertainment in conjunction with Fat Beats Distribution. It was preceded by the collaborative project Double Barrel in 2009 with producer Marco Polo. The album was executive produced by Torae along with Rich Filthy Rich Ahee and Amber Ravenel.
 Os Verdes Anos is a 1963 Portuguese drama film directed by Paulo Rocha.
 Stones is the seventh studio album by Neil Diamond recorded and released in 1971. It was one of the biggest hit recordings of his career. The conductors and arrangers were Lee Holdridge Marty Paich and Larry Muhoberac.Early copies of the LP album featured a picture label and a unique version of the cover with a button-string style closure on the back. The cover itself was styled as an envelope that opened from the top. This was later abandoned and replaced with a standard side-opening sleeve.
 Cutting It Short (Czech: Postřižiny) is a 1980 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel. It is based on the novel Postřižiny by Czech writer Bohumil Hrabal. The story is set in a brewery in a Czech small town.The film is an evocation of the childhood memories of Bohumil Hrabal in his provincial town of Nymburk dominated by the local brewery.
 Apocalypto: Original Score is the soundtrack to the 2006 film of the same name by Mel Gibson. It was released on the Hollywood Records label.
 The Courier-Mail is a daily tabloid newspaper published in Brisbane Australia. Owned by News Corp Australia it is published daily from Monday to Saturday in tabloid format. Its editorial offices are located at Bowen Hills in Brisbane's inner northern suburbs and it is printed at Murarrie in Brisbane's eastern suburbs. It is available for purchase throughout Queensland most regions of Northern New South Wales and parts of the Northern Territory.
 The Seattle Journal for Social Justice is a peer-reviewed student-edited law journal of the Seattle University School of Law. Among specialized law reviews it is currently ranked 395th out of more than 1200 law journals.The journal publishes two issues per year—Fall/Winter and Spring/Summer. Each issue typically includes three or four articles concerning social justice issues written by outside authors as well as two to three student-written articles.
 Noon: 22nd Century (Russian: Полдень. XXII век Polden'. Dvadcat' vtoroy vek) is a 1961 science fiction book by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky expanded in 1962 and further in 1967 translated into English in 1978. It is sometimes considered an episodic novel collection of linked short stories or a fix-up as some parts had been published previously as independent short stories.
 The Izvorul Paltinului River is a tributary of the Valea Limpede River in Romania.
 Charles Chukwuma Soludo CFR (born 28 July 1960) is a Nigerian economics professor and the immediate past Governor and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). He was named Governor on 29 May 2004. </ref> He is also a member of the British Department for International Development's International Advisory Group.
 Little India is the largest circulated Indian as well as Asian publication in the United States[citation needed]. The magazine established in 1991 and edited and published by Achal Mehra focuses on the Non-resident Indians (NRIs) in the United States and features editorials and articles on living in the United States while being of Indian heritage and happenings and people from India.
 Nissan is a 200 km long stream in southwest Sweden. It ends in the Kattegat bay of the North Sea in Halmstad.
 Banzai Girl is a full-color comic book series created written and drawn by Jinky Coronado. The series was originally published by Sirius Comics with the first volume's full-color trade released by Sirius Comics in 2005. A black-and-white manga expanded version of that material was released by Arcana Studio in 2007. 2007 also saw the release of the second series in full color by Arcana Studio entitled Banzai Girls.
 The Kingston Trio (Nick Bob John) (more commonly known as Nick Bob John) is an album by the American folk music group The Kingston Trio released in 1964 (see 1964 in music). Nick Bob John failed to reach the Top 40 peaking at number 53 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
 Through a Glass Darkly (Swedish: Såsom i en spegel) is a 1961 Swedish film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman and produced by Allan Ekelund. The film is a three-act chamber film in which four family members act as mirrors for each other. It is the first of many Bergman films to be shot on the island of Fårö.
 Sculpture of Stone is the third album on a major record label by the Polish death metal band Dies Irae released in 2004.
 Stealing Home is a 1988 romantic drama film movie starring Jodie Foster Mark Harmon Jonathan Silverman and Harold Ramis and William McNamara in major roles. The film was directed by Steven Kampmann. Although a commercial failure the film is regarded as one of the classics with beautiful locations and music. The film is most rememberedfor its music and theme song And When She Danced by David Foster and Marilyn Martin which became very popular.
 Un Canto a Galicia is 1972 album by Julio Iglesias. The song of the same name was one of Iglesias's best known hits and led to him being known all over Europe and one of the top three artists in Latin America by 1975. Billboard cites it as Iglesias's first big sales success and that he also recorded it in Japanese and German with notable success in Europe Japan and Mexico.
 The Woman Who Rides Like a Man is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce the third in a series of four books The Song of the Lioness. It details the knighthood of Alanna of Trebond as she lives in the Bazhir desert after her becoming a knight.
 Reeseville is a village in Dodge County Wisconsin United States. The population was 708 at the 2010 census.
 Video Business (ISSN-0279-571X) was a trade publication and web site owned by Reed Business Information serving the information needs of retailers distributors content suppliers and other professionals related to the electronic entertainment industry.The editor-in-chief was Marcy Magiera with the editorial offices located in Los Angeles California USA.Established in 1981 Video Business magazine was published weekly.
 The Caucasian Great Rosefinch (Carpodacus rubicilla) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.It is found in Afghanistan Azerbaijan Georgia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Mongolia Pakistan Russia Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. Its natural habitats are tundra and temperate grassland. This and the Spotted Great Rosefinch are sometimes considered as one species the Great Rosefinch.
 Qeshlaq-e Gazlu Hajji Yunes (Persian: قشلاق گازلوحاجي يونس‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Gāzlū Ḩājjī Yūnes) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 33 families.
 Sons of Jacob Synagogue is an historic synagogue at 24 Douglas Avenue in Providence Rhode Island.The building was constructed in 1906 by Harry Marshak and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Donegal Times is a local newspaper in County Donegal Ireland. The paper is based in Donegal Town. The paper acts like a newsletter covering mainly community and social issues affecting the town and its immediate environs. It was first printed in March 1989 as a special supplement in the Donegal Democrat but is now a stand-alone publication ordinarily published on the second and fourth Wednesday of the month.
 Bagh-e Seyyed (Persian: باغ سيد‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Seyyed) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Inventing Iron Man: The Possibility of a Human Machine is a popular science book published in 2011 by neuroscience professor martial arts master and long-time comic-book reader E. Paul Zehr. By looking at current technology as well as how the human body and nervous system would have to adapt Zehr applies scientific principles and creativity to explore the feasibility of Iron Man as a reality.
 Shrimad Virat Veerabrahmendra Swami Charitra (Telugu: శ్రీమద్విరాట్ వీరబ్రహ్మేంద్ర స్వామి చరిత్ర) is a 1984 Telugu hagiographical film acted and directed by N. T. Rama Rao and produced by Ramakrishna Cine Studios. NTR portrayed the characters of Gautama Buddha Vemana Ramanuja and Adi Shankara in addition to the title role of Pothuluri Veerabrahmam. NTR acted in this film while he was the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh.
 Microstelma vestale is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 For Mrs. (フォアミセス) is a Josei magazine aimed at housewives. The magazine is released on the 3rd of every month.
 Ernest Henry Rosasco (August 4 1907 – July 1985) was an American jurist and politician who served as the twenty first Mayor of North Adams Massachusetts and as a justice of the District Court of Northern Berkshire.
 Kal-e Qanbar (Persian: كل قنبر‎) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Francisca Zubiaga y Bernales (1803-1835) was the first lady of Peru in 1829-1833 by her marriage to president Agustín Gamarra. She was also known as La Mariscala (The Field Marshall) and Doña Pancha. She became known for her courage after having accompanied her spouse on two expeditions to Alto Perú in 1828. She hosted salons after pattern from Europe. In 1831 during the visit of her spouse to Bolivia she faced and prevented the attempted coup by vice president La Fuente.
 Rural Still Life is the second album by American jazz saxophonist Tom Scott featuring performances recorded in 1968 for the Impulse! label.
 The Ashes of Eden is a Star Trek novel co-written by William Shatner Judith Reeves-Stevens and Garfield Reeves-Stevens as part of the Shatnerverse series of novels. This is Shatner's first Trek collaboration.The audio adaptation of the book is notable as the first time in the entire Star Trek franchise that the famous phrase Beam me up Scotty is uttered in that form.
 My Fair Lady is a 1964 American musical film adaptation of the Lerner and Loewe stage musical of the same name based on the 1938 film adaptation of the original stage play Pygmalion by George Bernard Shaw.
 Slag Hill is a subglacial volcano associated with the Mount Cayley volcanic field in British Columbia Canada. It consists of glassy augite-phyric basaltic andesite in steep-sided glassy finely jointed domes and one small flat-topped bluff. The finely jointed domes are similar to those of Ember Ridge. There are quench features at Slag Hill which is suggesting that the volcanic activity was subglacial.
 The Western Grasswren (Amytornis textilis) also referred to as the Thick-billed Grasswren (western subspecies) and formerly as the Textile Wren is a species of bird in the Maluridae family. It is endemic to Australia. It was formerly lumped as the nominate subspecies of the Thick-billed Grasswren.
 Garouden (餓狼伝) is a series of Japanese martial arts novels by Baku Yumemakura. They have been adapted as a feature film a manga by Keisuke Itagaki (of Baki the Grappler fame) and two video games.
 Harvey B. Morgan (born August 18 1930) is an American politician. From 1980–2012 he served in the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 98th district on the Middle Peninsula. He is a member of the Republican Party.
 Myrmecia rowlandi is a species of Bull ant native to Australia. They are usually spotted in the Australian state of Queensland notably in Cairns.
 Jamsam is a village in the Madhubani district of Bihar state India.
 5 Years in a LIVEtime is the second home video release by Dream Theater. The video contains a mix of concert footage promotional video clips and behind-the-scenes and interview footage from the five years in between the release of their previous home video Images and Words: Live in Tokyo and this video. Included in the video are the following: The making of their 1994 album Awake. Footage from the Waking Up the World tour.
 Devi Sharma is a Canadian politician who was elected to Winnipeg City Council in the 2010 municipal election representing the Old Kildonan ward. She is the first Indo-Canadian elected to Winnipeg's municipal government.Prior to her election Sharma was an executive assistant in the office of councillor Mike O'Shaughnessy her predecessor as Old Kildonan's councillor.
 Molecular Vision is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal that covers the molecular and cellular biology and genetics of the cortical and ocular visual systems.
 Ajanale is a village in the state of Maharashtra India. Administraively itis under the Sangole Taluka of Solapur District in Maharashtra. The village is known for its export quality anar (pomegranates). 90% of its population is directly or indirectly dependent on pomegranate production. The village is located 15 km by road west of the town of Sangole and 8 km by road east of the village of Bombewadi and the bridge over the Man River.
 La Brière (translated as Passion and Peat) is a 1923 novel by Alphonse de Chateaubriant that won the Grand prix du roman de l'Académie française for that year. The novel is set in the rustic fenland landscape west of Nantes known as Brière in which the traditional occupation of peat-cutting is becoming increasingly unsustainable as the peat runs out. The independence of the local population is threatened by outsiders who have plans for modernisation.
 Jerrold Eldon Hinshaw (January 15 1917 - December 31 2003) known as Jerry E. Hinshaw was a farmer and businessman from Tontitown in Washington County in northwestern Arkansas who was a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from 1981 to 1996 from now District 93. Hinshaw represented the principal city of Springdale in Washington and Benton counties for eight consecutive two-year terms in the lower legislative chamber.
 North Settlement Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church on County Route 10 east of the junction with County Route 32C in Ashland New York Greene County New York. It was built about 1826 and is a one story four by three bay post and beam frame church with a modestly pitched gable roof. Also on the property is a small wood frame privy.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Blacklight is the third studio album by Christian rap artist Tedashii on Reach Records. It was released on iTunes on May 24 2011 and in stores on May 31 2011. The album produced singles Need It Daily (which later became a music video) and Riot. The song Last Goodbye was made into a music video which was released on May 30 the day after Memorial Day.
 Ahmed Toufiq Hejira or Hjira (Arabic: ٱحمد توفيق أحجيرة‎ – born 1959 Oujda) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal party. Between 2007 and 2012 he held the position of Minister of Housing and Urbanism in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi. He holds a bachelor in economics from the university of Mohammed V.
 Rupert Rudolph Peyton (February 14 1899 – October 19 1982) was an anti-Long member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Shreveport the seat of Caddo Parish having served at-large for a single four-year term from 1932-1936. Peyton is also remembered as a North Louisiana journalist and historian.
 Suzy Davies (born 3 January) is a Welsh Conservative Party politician and first on the Conservative list for the region of South Wales West in the National Assembly for Wales election in May 2011. She was elected as a member of the National Assembly for Wales for the South Wales West region in the 2011 election.
 Seigi Choujin vs. Ancient Choujin (正義超人vs古代超人 Seigi Choujin tai Kodai Choujin) is the third theatrical film based on the anime series Kinnikuman. It was released in Japan on March 16 1985 alongside Gu-Gu Ganmo Dengeki Sentai Changeman and Tongari Boushi no Memoru. It is set after the Golden Mask Arc.This film is the first to feature anime original character Kinkotsu-Obaba.
 The Eastfield Mall is a shopping mall in Springfield Massachusetts and is owned by Mountain Development Corporation. Built in late 1967 by the Rouse Company it includes two anchor stores: Macy's and Sears. Third anchor JCPenney closed in 2011. The mall is managed by Mountain Development.
 The Indian River is river in Renfrew County and Nipissing District in Eastern and Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin and is a left tributary of the Muskrat River.
 The Priest's House is a National Trust-owned property in Muchelney in the English county of Somerset. It has been designated as a grade II listed building.
 The Canadian Conspiracy is a 1985 HBO/CBC mockumentary co-written and directed by Robert Boyd about the way the Canadian government is subverting the United States by taking over its entertainment industry.
 Żardki [ˈʐartki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Drzewica 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Opoczno and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Old New York County Courthouse at 52 Chambers Street in Manhattan New York City more commonly known as the Tweed Courthouse was built in Italianate style with Romanesque Revival interiors using funds provided by the corrupt William M. Boss Tweed whose Tammany Hall political machine controlled the city and state governments at the time. The outer shell of the building was constructed from 1861–1872 by the architect John Kellum with the political appointee Thomas Little.
 Haunting Sarah is a 2005 American television horror film written by Tony Phelan and Joan Rater and directed by Ralph Hemecker and based upon the novel New Year’s Eve by Lisa Grunwald. The film is about a woman who has lost her son and finds out her niece is in contact with his spirit.
 Race is a play by David Mamet that premiered on Broadway in December 2009.
 Oh No It's Love is the second album by Canadian pop band The Bicycles.
 Everything Bad & Beautiful is the name of a live stage show and album performed/recorded by singer/comedian/actress Sandra Bernhard. The show ran in 2006 in New York City at the Daryl Roth Theater.[1] In the performance Bernhard does what she is best known for: she rips apart celebrity culture while commenting on events of the time.
 Edward Earl Carnes (born June 3 1950) is the Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit.
 The Leșnic River ( Hungarian: Lesnyek-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Years is a 1937 novel by Virginia Woolf the last she published in her lifetime. It traces the history of the genteel Pargiter family from the 1880s to the present day of the mid-1930s.Although spanning fifty years the novel is not epic in scope focusing instead on the small private details of the characters' lives. Except for the first each section takes place on a single day of its titular year and each year is defined by a particular moment in the cycle of seasons.
 William Joseph Bill Bratton CBE (born October 6 1947) is an American law enforcement officer and the current New York City Police Commissioner the second time he has held that position.
 Su excelencia (English: Your Excellency) is a 1967 Mexican political satire film directed by Miguel M. Delgado and starring Cantinflas Sonia Infante and Guillermo Zetina. The film is set in a fictional dystopia where Red and Green countries are the political equivalents of the socialist and capitalist countries of the Cold War which the film satirizes.
 Espedair Street is a novel by Scottish writer Iain Banks published in 1987.
 Prochoreutis hestiarcha is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1912. It is found in India (Assam) and China (Shillong Kwangtung).
 Oryba achemenides is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from Central America to the Amazon region including Belize Guatemala Costa Rica Surinam Venezuela Brazil and Bolivia.The wingspan is 100-120 mm. It is a large heavy-bodied and large-eyed species with a dark green upperside and orange underside. The marginal band of the forewing upperside is much narrower than the distance between this area and the distal margin of the dark olive-green median trapezoidal area.
 The Lawrence County Courthouse is a government building for Lawrence County Mississippi United States located in the county seat of Monticello. It was built in 1913 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 4 1993. It was declared a Mississippi Landmark in 1986.
 Genius Party is an anthology of short animated films from Studio 4°C released on July 7 2007.A sequel called Genius Party Beyond was released on February 15 2008 and includes most of the films which were finished but not included in the original Genius Party.
 Pieter Frans Norbert Jozef Raymond De Crem (Dutch: [ˈpit̪ər d̪ə ˈkrɛm];born 22 July 1962 in Aalter East Flanders Belgium) is a Belgian Flemish politician and member of Christian Democratic and Flemish (CD&V). He is the current Minister of Defense in the Belgian federal government. He has been a Member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives since 1995. He headed the CD&V fraction in the Chamber of Representatives from 2003 to 2007.
 Waikato's Manganui River is located close to the west coast of New Zealand's North Island. It flows south parallel to the coast of the North Taranaki Bight before flowing into the Awakino River five kilometres from the latter's mouth.
 Mitra idae common name Ida's miter is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters.
 Say Hi to Pencil! (Vietnamese : Xin chào Bút Chì !) is a 2011 Vietnamese clay animation comedy film produced by the group SleepingCatFilm.
 Philenora chionastis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1886. It is found in Australia (Queensland and New South Wales).
 Giannis Valinakis (also Yannis Valinakis) is a Greek politician and university professor. He is the former Greek Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs. He is currently President of the Jean Monnet European Centre of Excellence at the University of Athens Jean Monnet Professor ad Personam and a member of the Executive Board of the Centre for European Studies in Brussels.Valinakis was born in Athens in 1955.
 George Washington is a 1984 television miniseries directed by Buzz Kulik. The miniseries released in three parts chronicles the life of George Washington the 1st President of the United States from age 11 to age 51. George Washington is based on the biography by James Thomas Flexner.The miniseries was shot mainly on location near Washington D.C. and was aired on April 8 10 and 11 1984.
 Kleszczyna [klɛʂˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 480.
 Bessatsu Shōnen Sunday (別冊少年サンデー Bessatsu Shōnen Sandē) was a quarterly manga magazine published by Shogakukan in Japan from Spring 1960 until March 1974. It was initially published quarterly but switched to a monthly release beginning in December 1964. Due to sluggish sales and the paper shortage caused by the 1973 oil crisis the magazine's last issue was the March 1974 issue. There was also a spinoff magazine called Deluxe Shōnen Sunday but it too didn't last long.
 Unmarked Graves is a horror novel written by Shaun Hutson.
 Hezardin (Persian: هزاردين‎ also Romanized as Hezārdīn) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Masters is the fifth novel in C. P. Snow's series Strangers and Brothers. It involves the election of a new Master at narrator Lewis Eliot's unnamed Cambridge College which resembles Christ's College where Snow was a fellow. The novel is set in 1937 with the growing threat from Nazi Germany as the backdrop.
 Daisy Fay and the Miracle Man is a 1981 novel by best-selling author Fannie Flagg. It was originally published under the title Coming Attractions. The story is a series of diary entries that chronicle the main character's years growing up in Mississippi from 1952 to 1959.
 The dusky field rat (Rattus sordidus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found in Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Unreal World is the fourth studio album by alternative rock band The Godfathers. It was released by Epic Records in 1991.
 Jaye Amber Radisich (29 March 1976 – 17 March 2012) was an Australian politician. She was an Australian Labor Party member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 2001 to 2008 representing the electorate of Swan Hills. Radisich was the youngest woman ever to be elected to the Western Australian parliament.
 Invitation to Murder is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout first published as Will to Murder in the August 1953 issue of The American Magazine. It first appeared in book form in the short-story collection Three Men Out published by the Viking Press in 1954.
 Antaxius is a genus of 'katydids crickets' belonging to the family Tettigoniidae.
 The Spronser Rötelspitze is a mountain in the Ötztal Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Waterfront is a 1939 film produced and released by Warner Brothers and starring Dennis Morgan. It was directed by Terry O'Morse from a play Blind Spot by Kenyon Nicholson. It is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Ramayana: The Epic is a 2010 computer-animated film from India's Maya Digital Media. Directed by Chetan Desai and produced by Ketan Mehta it was released by Warner Bros. India on 15 October 2010.
 Oraovica is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2210 people.
 Amata huebneri is a species of moth in the genus Amata of the family Arctiidae (wooly bears or Tiger moths). It is found from the Indo Australian Tropics to northern Australia.Adults are black with yellow bands across the abdomen and transparent windows in the wings. It is a wasp mimic.The larvae feed on Oryza sativa.
 One hundred seventy five million years ago continental plates collided causing the rise of the Jackson Mountain Range. Today the majority of the range is divided into two federally protected wilderness area the North Jackson Wilderness and the South Jackson Wilderness. The South Jackson Wilderness offers a panoramic view including the Black Rock Desert from the top of the majestic King Lear Peak at 8924 feet.
 The Glenner (Romansh: Glogn) is a Whitewater river in Graubünden. Glenner was also the name of a district in this area which was annexed by Surselva District in 2001.The river rises near the border with Ticino and is surrounded by up tp 3100m high mountains. The river flows through the Val Lumnezia. In Suraua the Vals Rhine flows into the Glenner. After a few more kilometers the Glenner flows into the Vorderrhein at Ilanz.
 Handleyomys melanotis also known as the Black-eared Oryzomys or Black-eared Rice Rat is a species of rodent in the genus Handleyomys of family Cricetidae. It is found in coastal lowland forest in western Mexico.
 The Réunion Kestrel (Falco duboisi) is an extinct bird of prey which belongs to the falcon family. It inhabited the Mascarene island of Réunion and was part of the Western Indian Ocean radiation of kestrels.Known from subfossil bones and the writings of Dubois published in 1674 this bird was larger than its relative F. punctatus on Mauritius being about the size of a Common Kestrel or around 35 cm from head to tail with males being noticeably smaller than females.
 Sarumeh (Persian: سرومه‎ also Romanized as Sarūmeh) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Gârculețul River is a tributary of the Gârcu River in Romania.
 Dinosaur Sounds is a 2003 Catch 22 album and shows the band finally emerging from the shadow of former frontman Tomas Kalnoky. The album is a radical departure from previous work; while the band maintains its trademark aggression and inquisitive nature the topics have steered back to rock and roll staples like relationship woes and alcohol occasionally dabbling into the dark themes that made the band so distinctive compared to its ska contemporaries.
 The Umbrella Coup (French: Le Coup du parapluie) is a 1980 French comedy film directed by Gérard Oury starring Pierre Richard Gordon Mitchell and Gert Fröbe.The creation of the film was inspired by several assassinations of Bulgarian dissidents where the so-called Bulgarian umbrella was used as a weapon. The working title of the film was Le Coup du Parapluie Bulgare.
 Rose Toll (June 4 1911 – May 12 1997) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.Toll's husband was U.S. Representative Herman Toll.
 The HUB–Robeson Center commonly referred to as the HUB is the student union building centrally located on the University Park campus of Pennsylvania State University. It was originally built in 1953 and had major renovations done in 1973 and 1983. The most recent round of expansions and renovations was begun in May 1997 adding 91000 square feet (8500 m2) to the existing 154000-square-foot (14300 m2) building.
 Jamescita Peshlakai is a Democratic member of the Arizona House of Representatives serving since 2013. Peshlakai is a member of the Navajo Nation. She served in the Persian Gulf War. Before her legislative service Peshlakai provided agricultural outreach to Native Americans on behalf of the USDA.
 Nowiny [nɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Żnin and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Alupere is a village in Tamsalu Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Rhombodera flava is a species of praying mantis of the Genus Rhombodera. It is native to Asia.
 The Wamesit Canal-Whipple Mill Industrial Complex is a historic mill and canal at 576 Lawrence Street in Lowell Massachusetts. This industrial area of Lowell located on the Concord River underwent a major expansion from a more modest millworks in the mid-19th century by Oliver Whipple a manufacturer of gunpowder. Whipple undertook the construction of a canal along that river to provide power for a number of mills he erected in the area consulting with engineer Loammi Baldwin Jr.
 In the Shadow of Greatness is a 2012 book written by 33 members of the United States Naval Academy Class of 2002 and published by the United States Naval Institute. The authors describe how their lives were shaped by their experiences at the Academy the September 11 and events following graduation. Released in August 2012 In the Shadow of Greatness achieved Los Angeles Times Bestseller status that October.
 Today's Parent is a Canadian monthly magazine for parents of children from birth to age 14. Topics like health education behaviour and nutrition are covered each month.
 Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri (born 10 July 1961 Sirsi Karnataka) is a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party in Karnataka. He is Five time MLA and is serving as the Minister for Primary and Secondary Education in the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Government of Karnataka.He completed his B.Com from Karnatak University Dharwad. He was an Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad office bearer during his college days and was an influential students union leader.
 The Fairbanks Museum and Planetarium is a combination museum and planetarium located in St. Johnsbury Vermont. It was founded in 1889 by Franklin Fairbanks. It is organized into 3 different departments: Natural Science Historical Ethnological. In addition there is also a planetarium and weather forecasting department entitled: Eye on the Sky weather station.
 Musallam (Armenian: Մուսալլամ) is a village in the rural community of Lernadzor in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 106 at the 2001 census.
 The Greenville Mausoleum is an imposing Egyptian Revival structure in Greenville Ohio United States. Built in 1913 this historic mausoleum is built of concrete covered with courses of limestone resting on a foundation of granite and covered with a roof of ceramic tiles. Among its most distinctive elements are the marble pillars topped with capitals of the Doric order that line the main entrance.
 Gobiobotia is a genus of cyprinid fish that is found in eastern Asia.
 The Beaumont Hotel in Ouray Colorado was in its day one of the grandest hotels in western Colorado and is on the United States National Register of Historic Places.
 Chekhreh Mahalleh (Persian: چخره محله‎ also Romanized as Chekhreh Maḩalleh; also known as Chekhr Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District Asalem District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 849 in 196 families.
 Arjrud (Persian: ارجرود‎ also Romanized as Arjrūd and Arjarūd) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 15 families.
 The Biga River (Turkish: Biga Çayı) is a small river or large creek in Çanakkale Province in northwestern Turkey. The river begins at the base of Mount Ida and trends generally northeasterly to the Sea of Marmara. It is located approximately 50 km to the east of the Dardanelles. It flows past the towns of Çan and Biga and enters the Sea of Marmara at Karabiga.
 The Omaumau River is a short river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest to reach the Kaipara Harbour 20 kilometres northeast of Helensville.
 Outrage is a 2009 American documentary film written and directed by Kirby Dick. The film presents a narrative discussing the hypocrisy of people purported in the documentary to be closeted gay or bisexual politicians who promote anti-gay legislation. It premiered at the 2009 Tribeca Film Festival before being released theatrically on May 8 2009. It was nominated for a 2010 Emmy Award and won Miami Gay and Lesbian Film Festival's jury award for best documentary.
 The Bidireasa River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 Dahira falcata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Burma Thailand Malaysia and Indonesia.
 Michael Mackintosh Foot FRSL (23 July 1913 – 3 March 2010) was a British Labour Party politician and man of letters. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1945 to 1955 and from 1960 until 1992. He was deputy leader of the Labour Party from 1976 to 1980 and later became the Leader of the Opposition from 1980 to 1983.Associated with the Labour left for most of his career Foot was a supporter of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament and British withdrawal from the European Economic Community.
 Where Forever Begins is the second album released by American country music artist Neal McCoy. It was released in 1992 on the Atlantic label. The album's title track was McCoy's first Top 40 hit on the Billboard country music charts. Now I Pray for Rain and There Ain't Nothin' I Don't Like About You were also released as singles.
 Heliothelopsis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Stephen McNeil (born November 10 1964) is a Canadian politician who is currently the Premier of Nova Scotia having assumed office on October 22 2013. He has also represented the riding of Annapolis in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly since 2003 and has been the leader of the Nova Scotia Liberal Party since 2007.
 Phillip A. Hamilton (born April 9 1952) is a former American politician. He was a Republican member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 1988 until his resignation in 2009 representing the 93rd district on the Virginia Peninsula made up of parts of James City County and the city of Newport News.Hamilton was convicted and sentenced by a U.S.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād; also known as Darreh Bīdūn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 13 families.
 Proedromys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae from China. It is part of the tribe Arvicolini within the subfamily Arvicolinae which contains the voles lemmings and relatives.It contains the following species: Duke of Bedford's Vole (Proedromys bedfordi)Proedromys liangshanensis
 Prince Dimitri Ivanes dze Kipiani (Georgian: დიმიტრი ყიფიანი alternatively spelled as Qipiani) (April 14 1814 – October 24 1887) was a Georgian statesman publicist writer and translator. A leader of Georgia's liberal nobility he was known for his work in support of the Georgian culture and society a cause that led to his 1886 exile and murder at the hands of Russian Imperial authorities. In 2007 he was canonized by the Georgian Orthodox Church as a saint.
 Yazdabad (Persian: يزداباد‎ also Romanized as Yazdābād) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District in the Central District of Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 41 families.
 Bramstedter Beeke is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Milton Brown (February 28 1804 – May 15 1883) was a U.S. Representative from Tennessee.
 St. Sava Serbian Orthodox Cathedral is a large Serbian Orthodox Cathedral located in Milwaukee Wisconsin.
 John Alexander Mathieson (May 19 1863 – January 7 1947) was a Prince Edward Island politician and jurist the 12th Premier.Mathieson was born in Harrington and was a graduate of Prince of Wales College. He was a schoolmaster and lawyer before entering politics with his election to the province's legislature as a Conservative in 1900.Mathieson sat on the opposition benches becoming leader of the opposition and the Conservative Party in 1903.
 Akbarabad-e Deh Baqer (Persian: اكبرابادده باقر‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Deh Bāqer; also known as Akbarābād and Akbarābād-e Herandī) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vaseegara is a 2003 Tamil film directed by K. Selva Bharathy which is a remake of the successful 2001 Telugu film Nuvvu Naaku Nachav. The film featured Vijay and Sneha in the leading roles while Vadivelu Nassar and Manivannan played other pivotal roles. The film released on 15 January 2003 with mixed reviews.The movie was remade into Bengali titled Majnu directed by Rajib Biswas starring Hiran Chatterjee Srabanti Chatterjee.
 The Amazing Truth About Queen Raquela is a 2008 drama film directed by Olaf de Fleur Johannesson.
 The World of Books was an English language monthly magazine published by JS Furnivall and later by the Burma Education Extension Association. It spawned off a sister Burmese language monthly Ganda Lawka
 Raising Hell is a 2010 documentary film by Ed Webb-Ingall that explores the experiences of children of gay and lesbian parents. Webb-Ingall specifically sought to create a safe space where kids [could] be seen to be speaking freely and openly about their experiences [with gay and lesbian parents] without having to be poster kids for the perfect family or the perfect childhood.
 The Yellow Silk (ISBN 0-7869-3152-3) is a fantasy novel written by Don Bassingthwaite in 2004. It is the last book in The Rogues a series of stand-alone novels set in the Forgotten Realms fictional universe.
 Othello is a 1952 drama film based on the Shakespearean play made by Mercury Productions Inc. and Les Films Marceau and distributed by United Artists when released in the United States in 1955. It was directed and produced by Orson Welles who also played the title role. The screenplay was adapted by Welles and an uncredited Jean Sacha. The film was shot on location in Morocco Venice Tuscany and Rome and at the Scalera Studios in Rome.
 Allopeba is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Allopeba paranaensis (Napp & Reynaud 1998) Allopeba quadripunctatus (Lucas 1857) Allopeba signaticornis (Lucas 1857)↑
 Bring Your Nothing is the eighth studio album by the Contemporary worship duo Shane & Shane. The album was released on May 14 2013 by Fair Trade Services record label.
 Luk Yu is a tea house and dim sum restaurant located in Stanley Street in the Central district of Hong Kong established in 1933. It is known for its colonial style adherence to tradition and loyal long-time customers for whom the entire first floor is unofficially reserved.The tea house gets its name from the Tang Dynasty poet Lu Yu who wrote the The Classic of Tea which describes the history and culture of Chinese tea.
 The Gold Houses also known as the Gold Brothers' Houses are two historic homes located at Mason Mason County West Virginia. The two houses were built in 1908 and are 2 1/2 story mirrored pair frame dwellings in the Queen Anne style. They feature pyramidal shaped slate roofs that curve outward to the eaves. They also have wraparound porches enclosed by a spindled balustrade with a circular roof at one corner.
 The Daily Sport was a tabloid newspaper published in the United Kingdom by Daily Sport Ltd. which specialised in celebrity news and softcore pornographic stories and images. The daily paper was launched in 1991 by David Sullivan following its former Sunday sister title Sunday Sport (first published in 1986). It ceased publication and entered administration on April 1 2011.
 The Richardson Mountains are a mountain range located west of the mouth of the Mackenzie River in northern Yukon Canada. They parallel the northernmost part of the boundary of the Yukon and Northwest Territories.Although some sources consider the Richardson Mountains to be part of the Canadian Rockies the common northern limit of the Canadian Rockies is the Liard River which is a long way south. The Richardson Mountains are a sub-range of the Brooks Range which lies mostly in Alaska.
 White Rose (Hungarian: Fehér rózsa) is a 1919 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring María Corda Gyula Bartos and Emil Fenyvessy. It was based on an 1853 novel by Mór Jókai. It was released by the state-owned Hungarian film industry during the Hungarian Soviet Republic although production had begun before the regime came to power.
 Sir Maarten Laurens Wevers KNZM (born 1952) is a New Zealand diplomat and public servant who served as New Zealand's High Commissioner to Papua New Guinea and Ambassador to Japan. He is currently the Chief Executive of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet.Wevers was born in the Netherlands and emigrated to New Zealand when he was just over one year old.
 Les Inrockuptibles (French pronunciation: ​[lezɛ̃ʁɔkypˈtiblə]) is a French cultural magazine. Started as a monthly magazine in 1986 it became weekly in 1995. The name is a play on Les Incorruptibles the French title of the American television series The Untouchables. Les Inrockuptibles is routinely nicknamed Les Inrocks.In the beginning rock music was the magazine's primary focus though every issue included articles on other artistic domains.
 Lavocatia is a genus of extinct mammal from the Lower Cretaceous of Spain. It was a member of the also extinct order Multituberculata and lived alongside of dinosaurs. Like most Mesozoic mammals it was a shrewish-sized animal. It's in the suborder Plagiaulacida and family Pinheirodontidae. The genus Lavocatia was named by J. I. Canudo and G. Cuenca in 1996 based on a single tooth.The species Lavocatia alfambrensis is known from the Barremian (Lower Cretaceous)-age strata of Galve Spain.
 Omphalotropis albocarinata is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum an terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae. This species is endemic to Norfolk Island.
 Garga Horā is a very ancient treatise on the predictive part of Hindu astrology. Its author Ṛṣi Garga is one of the sages of the Purāṇika times. He was the son of Ṛṣi Bharadvāja. There are 8 Siddhāntas of Hindu astrology they are – Brahmā Sūrya Soma Vasiṣṭhta Pulastya Romaka Arya and Garga Siddhāntas – the last named is named after the author of Garga Horā and Garga Saṁhitā and with whom Jyotiṣa is associated.
 The 3D Center of Art and Photography is an American nonprofit educational institution in Portland Oregon that opened in 2003. It was the first museum in the United States dedicated to stereoscopy. From 2003 to 2011 the Center was located in a small leased storefront on NW Lovejoy Street that presented exhibits open to the public. The Center closed its doors to the public on December 31 2011 due to poor economic conditions and increased rent on its leased premises.
 The Gabilan Range or Gabilan Mountains are located on the Pacific Coast Range of California's Central Coast trending in a northwest-southeast direction along the Monterey County and San Benito County line. It is bordered by the Diablo Range the San Andreas Fault and State Route 25 to the east and by the Santa Lucia Range Salinas Valley and U.S. Route 101 to the west.
 1929–1933 is a 1990 compilation album collecting material recorded by Henry Red Allen and His Orchestra during the years 1929 to 1933. The first of a set of five released by Chronological Classics the album is rated part of the core collection for jazz music fans by the Penguin Guide to Jazz. Allen shared band leadership with Coleman Hawkins.
 Rouleur is a British cycling magazine first published in 2006 by sportswear brand Rapha and now as a part of Gruppo Media Limited. The focus is road racing but there have been excursions into areas such as cyclo-cross and track cycling. It is edited by co-owner and founder Guy Andrews and designed by Rob Johnston.Rouleur describes itself as focusing on exquisite photography and writing that really gets under the skin of the great riders and theatres of road racing.
 The Tufts Daily known on campus simply as The Daily is the student newspaper at Tufts University in Medford Massachusetts. Its first issue was published on February 25 1980.
 Having a Party is a 1982 album from Swedish pop and country group Chips. The album sold more than 100 000 copies in Sweden both gold and platinum. Back in those days the demands for selling gold and platinum were higher than now (2006). Gold was at least 50 000 and platinum was at least 100 000.
 Francis Higbee Case (December 9 1896 – June 22 1962) was an American journalist and politician who served for 25 years as a member of the United States Congress from South Dakota. He was a Republican.
 Published in 1912 The Financier a novel by Theodore Dreiser is the first volume of the Trilogy of Desire which includes The Titan (1914) and The Stoic (1947).
 Ayrancı is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 335 people.
 The Suhărzelu Mic River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Mother and Child is an American drama film directed and written by Rodrigo García and stars Naomi Watts Annette Bening Kerry Washington Shareeka Epps and Samuel L. Jackson. It premiered on September 14 2009 at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival and at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23 2010 and was the closing night selection within Maryland Film Festival 2010. It was given a limited release in the United States beginning May 7 2010.
 Coptarthria is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1893 and contains the species C. dasypyga. It is found in Colombia and Guatemala.
 Leonardo is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the MIT Press covering the application of contemporary science and technology to the arts and music.
 The Reverend James Keith Parsonage sometimes simply called the Keith House is a 17th-century church parsonage preserved and maintained by the Old Bridgewater Historical Society (OBHS) in West Bridgewater Massachusetts. According to the OBHS the Keith House was built in 1662 by the proprietors of what was originally called the Duxborough Plantation later called Old Bridgewater purchased from the Indian Chief Massasoit.
 The Jöriseen are a group of Alpine lakes located west of the Jörifless Pass and north of the Flüela Wisshorn in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. The largest lake has an area of 0.095 km² and is located at 2489 metres above sea level. They are located in the municipality of Klosters.
 Lyda Verstegen is a Dutch lawyer and women's rights activist and served as the 13th President of the International Alliance of Women (IAW) as well as its Chief Representative to the United Nations from 2010 to 2013. The IAW has associate and affiliated societies in 52 countries. She was elected President at the Congress in South Africa in 2010. She is a former President of the women's rights organization Vrouwenbelangen in the Netherlands.
 A Sister to Assist 'Er is a 1938 British comedy film directed by George Dewhurst and Widgey R. Newman and starring Muriel George Polly Emery and Charles Paton. It was based on the play A Sister to Assist 'Er by John le Breton.
 The Col. James Graham House is a historic log cabin located on West Virginia Route 3 in Lowell West Virginia. It was built in 1770 as a home for Col. James Graham the first settler of Lowell and his family. It was later the site of an Indian attack on the Graham family in 1777. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 16 1976. It is currently operating as a museum.
 My Friend Leonard is a memoir written by James Frey. Continuing where A Million Little Pieces left off the book centers on the father-son relationship Frey and his friend from Hazelden Leonard shared. My Friend Leonard was published in June 2005 by Riverhead and became a bestseller. Amazon.com editors selected My Friend Leonard as their #5 favorite book of 2005. The book was marketed as a memoir but after its release certain elements of the story were cast into doubt.
 On Jungle Trails is a book-length compilation of Frank Buck’s stories describing how he captures wild animals. For many years this book was a fifth grade reader in the Texas public schools approved for state-wide use.Some of the facts Buck relates are observational such as his description of the pangolin a scaly anteater getting his fill of red ants.
 Schizopygopsis kessleri is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizopygopsis.
 Walerianowo [valɛrjaˈnɔvɔ] (formerly Halogramy) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Wierzbinek 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Konin and 107 km (66 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 The Cathedral of the Dormition (Russian: Успенский Собор or Uspensky sobor) is a Russian Orthodox church dedicated to the Dormition of the Theotokos. It is located on the north side of Cathedral Square of the Moscow Kremlin in Russia where a narrow alley separates the north from the Patriarch's Palace with the Twelve Apostles Church. Southwest is Ivan the Great Bell Tower. Separately in the southwest also separated by a narrow passage from the church is the Palace of Facets.
 Mazuposhteh (Persian: مازوپشته‎ also Romanized as Māzūposhteh) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 993 in 256 families.
 Helpis is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Henricus platanillanus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (San Luis Potosí).The wingspan is about 11 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is olive cream with grey andochreous suffusions and spots. The hindwings are dark greyish brown.
 Willy Telavi is a Tuvaluan politician who was Prime Minister of Tuvalu from 2010 to 2013.Telavi was first elected to parliament in 2006 and was re-elected in 2010. He became Prime Minister on 24 December 2010. He was removed on 1 August 2013 on grounds alleged by an opposition member that he attempted to break the Tuvaluan constitution by replacing the incumbent governor-general of Tuvalu.
 Club Dread (also known as Broken Lizard's Club Dread) is a 2004 comedy horror film written by the comedy group Broken Lizard who also created Super Troopers. It is directed by Jay Chandrasekhar one of the group members.Though the story is set on an island in Costa Rica filming took place in Mexico.
 Edwin Clarendon Carpenter (December 15 1845 – March 2 1920) was an Ontario farmer and political figure. He represented Norfolk North in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1891 to 1902.He was born in Townsend Township Norfolk County Canada West in 1845 the son of John B. Carpenter who had come to Upper Canada from New Jersey. Carpenter attended Victoria University in Cobourg. He served several years as deputy reeve for Townsend.
 The Veja River or Corniș River or Hărmănaș River is a tributary of the Sacovăț River in Romania.
 Jose J. Solorio (born September 28 1970) is an American politician. He was elected to the California State Assembly in 2006 as a Democrat. He represented the 69th Assembly District which includes the city of Santa Ana and parts of Anaheim and Garden Grove.
 Double Dealing is a 1923 American comedy film directed by Henry Lehrman and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Paremonia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Schelten Pass (French: La Scheulte) (el. 1151 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains between the cantons of Jura and Solothurn in Switzerland.It connects Mervelier and Ramiswil and is the most direct route from Delémont and Balsthal. The pass road has a maximum grade of 12 percent.Many bunkers and fortifications built by the Swiss Army during World War II are still visible on the pass.Hiking paths lead from the pass to Hohe Winde Passwang and Delémont.
 Gastrotheca gracilis is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is found in Argentina and possibly Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Premià de Mar Printing Museum (Catalan: Museu Municipal de l'Estampació de Premià de Mar) located in the old gas factory of the town is a museum dedicated to explaining the history of textile printing in Premià de Mar and all of Catalonia. It is part of Science and Technology Museum of Catalonia and the Barcelona Provincial Council Local Museum Network.
 The Baklahi River (Hindi: बकुलाही नदी Urdu: باکلاهی) originates from Bharatpur Lake of Rae Bareli district of Uttar Pradesh of India. Its banks are densely populated and form a fertile agricultural area.
 Fairies is the 1st album by the Japanese girl group Fairies. It was released in Japan on the label Sonic Groove on March 26 2014.
 Lambula malayana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 1982. It is found in Malaysia.
 The New Savannah River is a river of Jamaica.
 The Höhberghorn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located west of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden. On its eastern flank lies a glacier named Höhberggletscher.
 Zendan (Persian: زندان‎ also Romanized as Zendān) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Merlin's Apprentice (sometimes called Merlin's Apprentice: The Search for the Holy Grail) is a 2006 miniseries. It is a sequel to the hit 1998 television miniseries Merlin with Sam Neill and Miranda Richardson reprising their roles as Merlin and the Lady of the Lake albeit slightly different versions of their characters.While being vaguely based on Arthurian legend its plot is set after the death of King Arthur and completely different from the traditional legends.
 Decimiana clavata is a species of praying mantis in the genus Decimiana in the order Mantodea.
 The Star Reporter is a 1932 British crime drama directed by Michael Powell and starring Harold French and Garry Marsh. The screenplay was adapted from a story by popular thriller writer Philip MacDonald.The Star Reporter is one of eleven quota quickies directed by Powell between 1931 and 1936 of which no print is known to survive.
 Charles S. Foos Elementary School also known as Douglass and Weiser School is a historic elementary school building located at Reading Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1903 and was expanded and renovated in 1912. A small addition was built in 1921. It was originally in the Romanesque Revival style but transformed to the Classical Revival style with the renovations. The C-shaped brick building contains 21 classrooms and an auditorium that seats over 200.
 The Pushover EP is an EP/Mini-Album from Australian singer-songwriter Lisa Miller. It was released in Australia in 2004 and features five live performances from the artist's Australian tour in support of Neil Young in 2003.
 En el viejo Buenos Aires is a 1942 Argentine film.
 Cruel Sister was an album recorded in 1970 by folk-rock band Pentangle. It was the most folk-based of the albums recorded by the band with all the tracks being versions of traditional songs.
 Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr (Arabic: أبو بكر يونس جابر ) was the Libyan Minister of Defence under the regime of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi. His official position was Secretary of the Libyan General Interim Committee for Defence.
 Beinn Tarsuinn is a mountain on the Isle of Arran Scotland. It is the southernmost of the four Corbetts on the island lying between Glen Rosa to the east and Glen Iorsa to the west.Beinn Tarsuinn is often climbed in conjunction with the neighbouring peak of Cìr Mhòr to which it is linked by a rocky ridge forming the subsidiary top of A' Chìr.
 Charles Sigoto (born February 11 1957 in Koriovuku Village Ranogga Island Western Province) is a Solomon Islands politician.After graduating from the College of Allied Health Sciences in Papua New Guinea he worked as a director of nursing.His career in national politics began when he was elected to Parliament as the member for the Rannonga/Simbo constituency in the August 2010 general election standing for the Reformed Democratic Party.
 Holcopogonidae is a family of moths. They belong to the huge the superfamily Gelechioidea of which they represent a minor but apparently quite distinct lineage.They sometimes include the subfamily Autostichinae from the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae). In this case the combined group's name is the senior synonym Autostichidae and the present group becomes its subfamily Holcopogoninae.
 Rafael Román Meléndez is a teacher and school principal and the current Secretary of Education of Puerto Rico. Before being appointed as Secretary Román served as President of the Organization of School Administrators and Principals of Puerto Rico.
 Nebria turmaduodecima is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to US state of California.
 La vendetta di Ercole (literally Revenge of Hercules) better known as Goliath and the Dragon is a 1960 Italian/French international co-production widescreen sword and sandal film starring weight lifter and gymnast Mark Forest in his debut film role and Broderick Crawford. The identity of the title character was changed from Hercules to Goliath for release in North America by American International Pictures to tie in with their previous use of Goliath in Goliath and the Barbarians.
 Le premier jour du reste de ta vie (English: The First Day of the Rest of Your Life) is a 2008 French film written and directed by Rémi Bezançon. The film received 9 César Award nominations winning three (Best Editing Most Promising Actor and Most Promising Actress).
 Habashabad (Persian: حبش اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩabashābād) is a village in Beyza Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 30 families.
 Off the Main Sequence: The Other Science Fiction Stories of Robert A. Heinlein (ISBN 1-58288-184-7) is a collection of 27 Robert A. Heinlein short stories including three that Heinlein never collected in book form.The title is a play on the astronomy concept off the main sequence.
 Imre Puskás (born July 20 1966) is a Hungarian jurist and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz Tolna County Regional List since 2010.He joined Fidesz in 1998. Puskás was elected President of the General Assembly of Tolna County in 2006. He was also a deputy mayor of Bátaszék for a short time in that year. He was a member of the Committee on Cultural and Press Affairs from May 14 2010 to June 18 2012.
 The ocellated forest tree frog Leptopelis ocellatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family found in Cameroon the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea and Gabon and possibly Angola and the Central African Republic.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests swamps and heavily degraded former forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Wołuszewo [vɔwuˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 707.
 Sabrina is the debut studio album by Italian pop singer Sabrina. It was released in 1987.
 One Corporate Centre is an office skyscraper in Pasig City Metro Manila Philippines. It is the 13th-tallest building in the country and Metro Manila as well with a height of 202 metres (662.73 feet) from ground to tip of architectural antenna. The building has 45 floors above ground including 7 floors for commercial purposes and 9 basement levels for parking.One Corporate Centre was designed by Philip H. Recto Architects and is developed and owned by Amberland Corporation.
 Donald Rabindranauth Ramotar (born 22 October 1950) is a Guyanese politician who has been President of Guyana since December 2011. He has been the General Secretary of the People's Progressive Party (PPP) since 1997.
 Two Sinners is a 1935 film directed by Arthur Lubin.
 Tarfu Lake is a lake of Yukon Canada.
 The Burke River is a river of New Zealand's South Island located in Mount Aspiring National Park. It flows east for 16 kilometres from close to the Mueller Pass reaching the Haast River 10 kilometres south of the Haast Pass.
 Golmaal Radhakrishna (Kannada: ಗೋಲ್‌ಮಾಲ್ ರಾಧಾಕೃಷ್ಣ) is a 1990 Indian Kannada comedy film directed and written by Om Sai Prakash. The film starred Anant Nag in the title role along with Chandrika and Vanitha Vasu in leading roles. The music of the film was composed by M. Ranga Rao.Produced by K. Chidambara Shetty under Chitra Productions banner the film was released in 1990 and met with positive response from critics and audience.
 Shock is the fifth studio album by the band The Motels recorded in 1984 and 1985 and released in August 1985. Singles released from this album include the U.S. Top #40 Shame the Top 100 title track Shock as well as an Australia-only release Icy Red that did not chart.
 Elysius subterra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1917. It is found in Peru.
 Back to Basics is a greatest hits album by Olivia Newton-John that was released in 1992 and the first compilation to contain both her country and pop hits. The album contained four new tracks: Deeper Than A River Not Gonna Be The One I Want to Be Wanted and I Need Love. A tour was planned to promote the album but had to be canceled when Newton-John was diagnosed with breast cancer.
 Kilburnia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Open Secret is a 1948 American film noir directed by John Reinhardt starring John Ireland and Jane Randolph.
 Penticton Herald is a local newspaper in Penticton British Columbia founded in 1906 by W.J. Clement. It was first known as Penticton Press and later changed to Penticton Herald in 1910. The Herald also publishes Southern Exposure Okanagan Valley TV Guide and Real Estate Today. It is owned by Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd.
 G. D. Mantell was the 10th Surveyor General of Ceylon. He was appointed in 1894 succeeding P. C. H. Clarke and held the office until 1896. He was succeeded by F. H. Grinlinton.
 Bears and Man (French title: L'Ours Mon Frère) is a 1978 Canadian educational film by Bill Schmalz. It was produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) and Parks Canada. The film documents human-bear interactions in Canada's National Parks. It was narrated by Chief Dan George and Patricia Best and was co-written and edited by Adbusters founder Kalle Lasn.
 Special Edition is a bonus album by German industrial music artist P·A·L. It was released in Europe by Ant-Zen records as a 3 CD; a bonus in special versions of Release.
 Turowo [tuˈrɔvɔ] (German: Turnau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 The sharpnose sevengill shark (Heptranchias perlo) is a species of shark in the family Hexanchidae and the only species in the genus Heptranchias. Found almost circumglobally in deep water it is one of the few species of sharks with seven pairs of gill slits as opposed to the usual five. The other shark species with seven gill slits is the broadnose sevengill shark. Though small this shark is an active voracious predator of invertebrates and fishes.
 The Miracle (French: Le Miraculé) is a 1987 French comedy film directed by Jean-Pierre Mocky. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Bad Land: An American Romance is a travelogue of Jonathan Raban's research over a two-year period into the settlement of southeastern Montana in the early 20th century. The focus of the book is on the least-populated and least-known area of the United States - the badland area between Marmarth ND and Terry MT along the route of the Milwaukee Road railroad and the goings on of various settler families who homesteaded in that area.
 T. Rama Rao (c. 1831 – June 5 1895) was an Indian administrator who served as the Diwan of Travancore from 1887 to 1892. V. Nagam Aiya in his 1906 Travancore State Manual calls him the most popular Diwan in recent times. Rama Rao was a cousin of Sir T. Madhava Rao and R. Raghunatha Rao
 Louder is the full-length debut studio album by American pop rock band R5 which was released on September 24 2013 by Hollywood Records. Louder was also released as a deluxe album with four extra tracks only available for digital download.
 Mamasa River is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Sadang River.
 Hypselodoris apolegma is a species of colorful sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 The Forest Robin (Stiphrornis erythrothorax) is a species of bird from Central and West Africa. It is monotypic in the genus Stiphrornis. It has been placed in the family Turdidae but is now generally placed in Muscicapidae in the group popularly known as chats. Most taxonomists consider it a single species but some reviews have recommended recognizing 5 species.
 Denise Bronzetti (born 12 December 1972) is a Sammarinese politician who previously served as a Captain Regent. She held the post from October 1 2012 to April 1 2013 with Teodoro Lonfernini. She was previously a member of the Grand and General Council.
 Gold Souk Grandé is a shopping mall in the city of Chennai. Project was unveiled on April 2009 by actress Shobana. It is located next to Crescent Engineering College in Chennai and will be operational by first quarter of 2015. Spread in the total built up area of 800000 sq.
 The Burgumer Mar (Dutch: Bergumermeer) is a lake near the town of Burgum in the Dutch province of Friesland. The lake was formed during the last ice age. It is a popular water sports area with multiple yacht harbours. The Princess Margriet Canal splits the lake into a northern and southern part.Since March 15 2007 the West Frisian name Burgumer Mar is the official name; before that date the Dutch name was the official one).
 General André Cox (born 12 July 1954) is the 20th General of The Salvation Army. He was commissioned as an Officer in The Salvation Army on 25 May 1979. He was elected to the position of General by the 18th High Council of The Salvation Army on 3 August 2013.He was the Chief of the Staff of The Salvation Army from 1 February 2013 to 3 August 2013.
 Siedlce [ˈɕɛdlt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Korzenna 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Nowy Sącz and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 The Coventry Telegraph is a local English tabloid newspaper. Originally called The Midland Daily Telegraph it was founded in 1891 by William Isaac Iliffe as Coventry's first daily newspaper a four-page broadsheet newspaper originally sold for a half penny.
 The Nautla River is a river of Mexico.
 White Mane (French: Crin-Blanc and Crin Blanc Cheval Sauvage) is a 1953 short film directed by French filmmaker Albert Lamorisse.The forty-seven minute short filmed on location in the marshes of Camargue France won numerous awards on its release including the Short Film Palme d'Or Grand Prize at the Cannes Film Festival. The film also became popular with children and was marketed for them. The story tells a fable of how a young boy tames a wild white stallion called White Mane.
 Northwest of Earth is a 1954 collection of science fiction and fantasy short stories by C. L. Moore. It was first published by Gnome Press in 1954 in an edition of 4000 copies. The collections contains stories about Moore's characters Northwest Smith and Jirel of Joiry. The stories all originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales.
 Fried is the second solo album by Julian Cope.
 Haplochromis simotes is a species of cichlid endemic to the Victorian Nile where it is only known with certainty from Kakindu and questionable records from Ripon Falls both in Uganda. This species can reach a length of 8.7 centimetres (3.4 in) SL.
 The Taylor Memorial Library also known as Taylor Library or Old Library in Milford Connecticut was built in 1894. It is a Richardsonian Romanesque building designed by Joseph W. Northrup. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.It follows but departs from H. H. Richardson's design of the Crane Memorial Library in Massachusetts.
 William Claiborne Owens (October 17 1849 - November 18 1925) was a U.S.
 Hitohira (ひとひら lit. Petal) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Izumi Kirihara. The story revolves around a shy girl named Mugi Asai who is unsure of what club to join in her school but before she knows it she gets dragged into the Drama Research Society and becomes a member. The manga was first serialized in the Japanese seinen manga magazine Comic High! on March 22 2004 and is published by Futabasha.
 Phyllonastes myrmecoides is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Goo Mosa Arlooktoo (November 28 1963 – April 30 2002) was a politician and former cabinet minister from Northwest Territories Canada. He briefly served as acting premier of the territory.
 The Pouawa River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows predominantly southeast reaching the Pacific Ocean 15 kilometres northeast of Gisborne.
 Damat Ibrahim Pasha (1517–1601) was an Ottoman statesman who held the office of grand vizier three times (the first time from 4 April to 27 October 1596; the second time from 5 December 1596 to 3 November 1597; and for the third and last time from 6 January 1599 to 10 July 1601. He is known as the conqueror of Kanije.He is also called with the title Damat (Turkish: bridegroom) because he was a bridegroom to the Ottoman dynasty by marrying Ayşe one of the sultan's daughters.
 The Gathering is a novel by Kelley Armstrong. It was released April 12 2011 by HarperTeen. The Gathering is the first book in Armstrong's Darkness Rising trilogy. Darkness Rising is the second trilogy in the Darkest Powers series. Darkness Rising follows a new set of kids. According to the author Kelley Armstrong she plans to bring the original group into the picture but it will not be any time soon. At least not until the third book in this trilogy.
 Stare Strącze [ˈstarɛ ˈstrɔnt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Sława 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Wschowa and 46 km (29 mi) east of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 1269.
 Historical Figures and Ancient Heads is the sixth album by Canned Heat released in 1971. It was the first album not to feature original member and songwriter Alan Wilson who had died the previous year. Featuring new guitarman Joel Scott Hill and Little Richard on “Rockin’ WIth The King”. The record also includes Tony de la Barreda on bass who left with Hill after this album and subsequent tour.
 Radomyśl [raˈdɔmɨɕl] (German: Friedrichshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchowo within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wierzchowo 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 96 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 130.
 Sir Cecil Montacute 'Spike' Clothier KCB QC (August 28 1919 – May 8 2010) was a lawyer who served as a Judge of Appeal on the Isle of Man and then as Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration and Health Service Commissioner for England Scotland and Wales (Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman). He was later the first Chairman of the Police Complaints Authority.
 Kutch Museum in Bhuj is the oldest museum of Gujarat.
 The Game is an album by Oi! band Sham 69 released in 1980 (see 1980 in music).
 Karagöz Bey Mosque (Bosnian: Karađoz-begova džamija Turkish: Karagöz Mehmed Bey Camii) is a mosque in the city of Mostar Bosnia and Herzegovina.With its big dome and high minaret it is the largest in the region.
 Paul Joseph Sheehy (November 1 1934 – March 10 2014) was an American politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives Massachusetts Senate and was City Manager of Lowell Massachusetts.Sheehy was born in Lowell. He attended Keith Academy Lowell State College and Suffolk University Law School.From 1965 to 1972 he was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives. In 1972 he ran for the Massachusetts's 5th congressional district seat vacated by F. Bradford Morse.
 Fury is a 1936 American drama film directed by Fritz Lang which tells the story of an innocent man (Spencer Tracy) who narrowly escapes being lynched and the revenge he seeks. The picture was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and stars Sylvia Sidney and Tracy with a supporting cast featuring Walter Abel Bruce Cabot Edward Ellis and Walter Brennan.
 Arthur Sauvé PC (October 1 1874 – February 6 1944) was born in Saint-Hermas (today part of Mirabel Quebec).The Legislative Assembly of Quebec member for Deux-Montagnes from 1908 to 1930 he was leader of the Quebec Conservative Party but never premier. He was the father of future premier Paul Sauvé.In 1930 he moved to federal politics and became Postmaster General in the Cabinet of Richard Bennett until 1935.
 The Bird Who Ate the Rabbit's Flower is an EP by indie rock band Of Montreal. The five tracks were later re-released on their EP The Bird Who Continues to Eat the Rabbit's Flower.
 The Golden Gate as it is called in Christian literature is the oldest of the current gates in Jerusalem's Old City Walls. According to Jewish tradition the Shekhinah (שכינה) (Divine Presence) used to appear through this gate and will appear again when the Messiah comes (Ezekiel 44:1–3) and a new gate replaces the present one; that is why Jews used to pray for mercy at the former gate at this location. Hence the name Sha'ar HaRachamim (שער הרחמים) the Gate of Mercy.
 Wilbur Kookmeyer is the title character of a cartoon strip by Bob Penuelas which first appeared in Surfer magazine in 1986.Wilbur is a kook a wanna-be surfer of limited skill. He wants to be cool but remains dorky.Penuelas created Wilbur as a response to cynical commercialism that got into surfing in the early 1980s.Wilbur started in 1985 as a character in the cartoon Maynard and the Rat in Surfer magazine and was so popular the strip was renamed.
 Hacelia is a genus of sea star. The type species of the genus Hacelia attenuata was described by John Edward Gray in 1840. It is found in the Mediterranean Sea.
 Coup is the debut album by The New Regime which is a solo project by Ilan Rubin the previous drummer of Welsh band Lostprophets and current drummer of Angels and Airwaves. Ilan recorded all ten tracks himself on all instruments including vocals. In addition to the songs found over the last few months on his Myspace page he recorded two additional songs for this album.It was released on November 18 2008 as a digital download on digital music stores such as iTunes Amazon and eMusic.
 Manor House Hotel is a 14th-century country house hotel in Castle Combe Wiltshire in the south of England.
 Vitongo River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Bedford Plantation is a historic Southern plantation in Natchez Adams County Mississippi.
 Slows Bar BQ is a barbecue restaurant in Detroit Michigan. The chef is Brian Perrone and the restaurant is owned by the Cooley family. The restaurant appeared on Adam Richman's Man vs. Food and the Yardbird a pulled chicken sandwich from the restaurant competed in the first season of Adam Richman's Best Sandwich in America.
 Adrian Hardiman (born 1951) has been a justice of the Supreme Court of Ireland since 7 February 2000. He received the rare honour of being appointed directly from the Bar to Ireland's highest court. Many commentators were surprised by his appointment as he was (by judicial standards) a relatively young man making it likely he would serve on the court for an unusually long time.
 The Warren County Court House in Indianola Iowa United States was built in 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 as a part of the PWA-Era County Courthouses of IA Multiple Properties Submission. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Punk Goes Acoustic is a compilation album released by Fearless Records as part of the Punk Goes... series. It contains a collection of both previously released and unreleased songs by various artists performing acoustically. It was packaged with a bonus CD showcasing acts on the Fearless and Victory record labels. The album was released on October 21 2003. This was the first Punk Goes... album to deviate from the theme of performing cover songs.
 The Church of All Saints is an Anglican parish church serving the town of Helmsley in North Yorkshire England. It is located between the north-west corner of the market square and Castlegate on the B1257 road north of Helmsley Castle. Dedicated to All Saints it has been part of the Church of England since the Reformation and there are three churches Sproxton Rievaulx and East Moors in the same benefice. The church was granted Grade II* listed building status on 4 January 1955.
 Juan María Bordaberry Arocena (17 June 1928 – 17 July 2011) was a Uruguayan politician and cattle rancher who first served as President from 1972 until 1976.He came to office following the Presidential elections of late 1971. In 1973 Bordaberry dissolved the General Assembly and was widely regarded as ruling by decree as a military-sponsored dictator until disagreements with the military led to his being overthrown before his original term of office had expired.
 Varmina is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Bait 3D is an Australian-Singaporean 3D horror thriller film directed by Kimble Rendall based on the screenplay by John Kim and Russell Mulcahy. It featured Sharni Vinson Phoebe Tonkin Xavier Samuel Julian McMahon Cariba Heine Alex Russell Lincoln Lewis Alice Parkinson and Dan Wyllie. The film was released on 20 September 2012 in Australia.
 The Delnița River is a tributary of the Sulța River in Romania.
 Percy Wootton M.D. is an American medical practitioner with a speciality in cardiology. In June 1997 he became president of the American Medical Association after having served as a member of the Board of Trustees from 1991 to 1996. Dr. Wootton is a clinical professor of medicine at the Medical College of Virginia Virginia Commonwealth University.
 What Happened to the Corbetts (US title: Ordeal) is a novel by Nevil Shute. Written in 1938 and published in April 1939 by William Heinemann Ltd the novel concerns the effect of aerial bombing on the British city of Southampton - a major maritime centre - in the early part of World War II.The novel addresses the issues of the aftermath of bombing such as the spread of disease from lack of clean water and what may be done to relieve the distress of those affected by it.
 Color of the Cross 2: The Resurrection is a 2008 direct-to-video religious film directed by and starring Jean-Claude La Marre. The film is a direct sequel to the film Color of the Cross and centers on the resurrection of Jesus following his death by crucifixion.
 Death in Five Boxes is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a whodunnit and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale and his associate Scotland Yard's Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters.
 Jealousy Is My Middle Name (Hangul: 질투는 나의 힘; RR: Jiltuneun naui him) is a 2002 South Korean film. It won Best Film honors at the Pusan International Film Festival and the Rotterdam Film Festival and was the directorial debut of Park Chan-ok. It was inspired by the poem of the same name by Ki Hyung-do.
 The New Hope Mills Complex is a historic grist mill complex located on Glen Haven Road near the intersection with Route 41A in the hamlet of New Hope in the town of Niles in Cayuga County New York. The complex includes the mill building two vernacular dwellings a 1910s gambrel roofed storage barn a 1935 saw mill two concrete faced dams and a 1-acre (4000 m2) mill pond.
 Salatse is a village in Vihula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 The Pârâul Șarpelui is a tributary of the Şugău River in Romania.
 Ugly Things (UT) is a music magazine established in 1983 based in La Mesa California. The editor is Mike Stax (born 1962 in England). The magazine covers mainly 1960s Beat Garage rock and psychedelic music (Wild Sounds From Past Dimensions). The name Ugly Things is a pun that refers to the band The Pretty Things.
 The State Training School Historic District partly within the limits of Mandan North Dakota includes work dating to 1924. It has also been known as North Dakota State Reform School. It is located within the main campus of the North Dakota State Industrial School.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. The listing included six contributing buildings on 7 acres (2.8 ha).
 Booty Star: Glock Tawk is the 17th album released by rapper Andre Nickatina. It was released for Nickatina's own label Nickypearl.com distributed by Sumo Records and was produced by Andre Nickatina Nick Peace Freddy Machete Krushadelic K-Maxx DJ Pause Rob Lo and TD Camp.
 Bacolor Crater is a crater in the Casius quadrangle of Mars located at 33 North and 241.4 West. It is 20.8 km in diameter and was named after a town in the Philippines.
 Dune is the first album by Japanese rock band L'Arc-en-Ciel. It was released in a limited edition on April 10 1993. The regular edition which contained the additional track Ushinawareta Nagame was available on April 27 of the same year. With the regular edition the band reached number 1 on the oricon indie chart on May 10.
 The Carnegie Library in Newton Kansas is a building from 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Peter J. Daley II (born August 8 1950) is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives representing the 49th Legislative District since 1983. His district includes parts of Fayette County and Washington County.Daley was born in Brownsville Pennsylvania and graduated from California Area High School in 1968.
 The old Schiller Piano Company also known as Conover Square is located in Oregon Illinois the county seat of Ogle County. The company was founded in 1890 and remained in operation until 1971. The company produced many thousands of pianos through the years and in 1936 the company merged with the Cable Piano Company and produced pianos under the name Cable and Conover.
 Bruce Hornsby's ninth studio album a collaboration with bluegrass legend Ricky Skaggs titled Ricky Skaggs & Bruce Hornsby marks the debut release for the duo's new musical project. The album features reworkings of Hornsby originals as bluegrass tunes as well as a number of traditional songs and a Skaggs original composition. Worthy of note is the cover of Super Freak (the Rick James song) here turned into a bluegrass version.
 The Ginn Gardener's House is a historic house at 22 Ginn Road in Winchester Massachusetts. It is one of two surviving outbuildings (the other is the carriage house) of the extensive Terrace of Oaks estate of publisher Edwin Ginn whose main house was demolished in 1946. The two story brick gardener's house built in 1900 shows the high quality of the estate and its Georgian Revival character. Its brickwork is laid in Flemish bond with a water table and trim elements of marble.
 The Best of UFO is a compilation album of the British hard rock band UFO. The album was produced by EMI Music and distributed by CEMA Special Markets as part of the compilation series 'Ten Best Series' in 2002. This 'Ten Best' CD is a compilation of hits originally released on Chrysalis Records from 1976 through 1980.
 Tani Gorre Cantil-Sakauye (born October 19 1959) a Filipino-American jurist is the 28th Chief Justice of California. Nominated by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger for California's highest judicial office on July 22 2010 and retained in office by California voters on November 2 2010 she was sworn in on January 3 2011. Prior to her current appointment Cantil-Sakauye had served in judicial offices on California's appellate and trial courts.
 The Burke-Berryman House at 418 Cheney St. in Reno Nevada is a historic house with elements of Queen Anne and Colonial Revival architecture. It was built c.1909-10 as a rental house in the Burke's Addition area of Reno developed by Charles H. Burke.An early occupant was Samuel W. Goodale a Chief Surveyor with the U.S. Survey Office who lived there up to c.1917. It was sold to James J. Berryman in 1919 and he and his wife lived there from 1919 to 1934.
 Kieran Phelan (19 November 1949 – 26 May 2010) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and member of Seanad Éireann on the Industrial and Commercial Panel.Phelan was elected to Laois County Council in 1991 as a councillor for Borris-in-Ossory where he topped the poll in 1999.
 Segura (Spanish: [seˈɣuɾa] Valencian: [seˈɣuɾa]; Latin: Thader Arabic: شقورة War-Alabiat) is a medium-sized river in southeastern Spain. It is named after Sierra de Segura the range where it has its source[citation needed].
 La Preuve Du Contraire is the second album of Jonatan Cerrada.
 The Findel Glacier (German: Findelgletscher) is a valley glacier in the Monte Rosa massif east of Zermatt in the Pennine Alps. It has a length of 8 km (5.0 mi) and covers an area of 19 km2 (7.3 sq mi). The starting point of the Findel Glacier is on the Cima di Jazzi at 3803 m (12477 ft) above sea level on the border between Switzerland and Italy. From there the glacier flows to the west between the Rimpfischhorn and Strahlhorn on the north and the Stockhorn on the south.
 The Scribbler is an upcoming American thriller film directed by John Suits and written by Daniel Schaffer based on his own graphical novel of same name. The film stars Katie Cassidy Garret Dillahunt Eliza Dushku Kunal Nayyar Michelle Trachtenberg and Sasha Grey.
 Paragaleopsomyia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Mig og min lillebror og storsmuglerne is a 1968 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and starring Dirch Passer.
 The guanaco (Lama guanicoe) is a camelid native to South America that stands between 1 and 1.2 metres (3 ft 3 in and 3 ft 11 in) at the shoulder and weighs about 90 kg (200 lb). The colour varies very little (unlike the domestic llama) ranging from a light brown to dark cinnamon and shading to white underneath. Guanacos have grey faces and small straight ears. The name guanaco comes from the South American language Quechua word wanaku (old spelling huanaco).
 Su Zhe (Chinese:苏辙 1039 A.D. - 1112 A.D.) was a politician and essayist from Meishan (which now belongs to Sichuan Province) China. As it was common for people in ancient China to have alternative names he was also called Zi You or Tong Shu.Su was highly honored as a famous politician and essayist in the Song Dynasty as were his father Su Xun and his elder brother Su Shi. All of them were among The Eight Great Men of Letters of the Tang and Song Dynasties.
 Amaryllididae is a family of marine benthic amphipods found throughout the southern hemisphere. These smooth laterally compressed amphipods can be distinguished by the accessory setal row of the mandible having a distal tuft. It contains the following genera:Amaryllis Haswell 1879Bamarooka Lowry & Stoddart 2002Bathyamaryllis Pirlot 1933BertoliellaDevo Lowry & Stoddart 2002Erikus Lowry & Stoddart 1987Pseudamaryllis Andres 1981Vijaya Walker 1904Wonga Lowry & Stoddart 2002↑ ↑ ↑
 The Nathaniel H. Burt House in Leavenworth Kansas United States was built in 1895. It was designed by William P. Feth. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.Its owner Nathaniel H. Burt had moved to Leavenworth in 1875 and started working for the Great Western Stove Company. He became the treasurer of the company in 1885 then became its president in 1911. His house built in 1895 was fitting for a prominent city businessman. The architect William P.
 The Live Mix Part 2 is an album by Breakestra an American a ten-piece funk orchestra. The album is a combination of breaks and funk covers performed with real instruments and featuring the vocals of band member Mixmaster Wolf. All tracks were produced by This Kid Names Miles.
 Duncanson-Cranch House is an historic house located at 468-470 N Street Southwest Washington D.C..
 Gerry Building is a high-rise building in the Fashion District of Los Angeles. Built in 1947 the Streamline Moderne style building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. View The Gerry Building tenants list and Market Schedule at www.gerrybuildingshowrooms.com
 Electra (French title: Électre) is a two act play written in 1937 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux. It was the first Giraudoux play to employ the staging of Louis Jouvet. Based on the classic myth of antiquity Jean Giraudoux wrote perhaps his best play. Electra has a surprisingly tragic force without losing the spirit and sparkling humor that made Jean Giraudoux one of the most important playwrights of the mid twentieth century.
 32A is a 2008 feature film directed by Marian Quinn from her own script. It was shot principally in Dublin with additional footage in Roscommon and Sligo.The script won the inaugural Tiernan McBride Award for screenwriting as well as Best First Feature on its première at the Galway Film Fleadh. In 2009 the film won an Irish Film and Television Award for cinematography by PJ Dillon. It had its international premiere at the Berlinale '08 film festival.
 Sarahuni Seyyed Mohammad Qoli (Persian: سراهوني سيدمحمدقلي‎ also Romanized as Sarāhūnī Seyyed Moḩammad Qolī) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 13 families.
 Inhumane Amusement is the debut album by Dutch Aggrotech band Grendel. It was released in Europe through NoiTekk Records on March 1 2001.
 The Victim is a 2011 American film directed written and starring Michael Biehn and produced and co-starring Jennifer Blanc.The film was produced and shot in Los Angeles in 2010. Most of the principal photography took place in the Topanga Canyon close to Malibu California.
 Nõmme Laimjala Parish is a village in Laimjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 HM Prison High Down is a Category B men's local prison. High Down is located on the outskirts of Banstead in Surrey England (overlooking Banstead Downs) and is immediately adjacent to the southern boundary of Belmont in Greater London. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is situated in proximity to Downview Prison for women.
 Soum de Ramond also known as Pico de Añisclo in Spanish or as Pico de Añisclo in Aragonese is a mountain of 3263 metres in the Monte Perdido massif in the Aragonese Pyrenees in northern Spain. It is one of the three mountains comprising Las Tres Sorores the others being Monte Perdido (3355 m) and Cilindro de Marboré (3328 m).The mountain lies between the Ordesa Valley the Añisclo Canyon and the Pineta Valley inside the Ordesa y Monte Perdido National Park.
 Marty Seifert (born April 23 1972) is a former Republican Minority Leader and former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. He represented District 21A a predominantly rural district in southwestern Minnesota that includes portions of Lyon Redwood and Yellow Medicine counties and the cities of Marshall and Redwood Falls. In 2010 he unsuccessfully sought the Republican nomination for Governor of Minnesota.
 Columbia: A Journal of Literature and Art is an American annual literary magazine founded in 1977. It is entirely edited designed and produced by students. The magazine is based at Columbia University in New York City. It publishes new fiction essays and poetry each year. The editor-in-chief is Laura Thomas.
 Poecilasthena phaeodryas is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia including Queensland.
 Sword of Honour is a 1939 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Geoffrey Toone Sally Gray Wally Patch and Peter Gawthorne. A recruit at Sandhurst initially makes a poor impression but goes on to prove himself by riding in the Grand National.
 The Texas County Courthouse is the historic courthouse serving Texas County Oklahoma located in the city of Guymon. The building is a four-story red brick structure; its fourth floor functions as a jail. The courthouse was designed by Maurice Jaynes using classical styles and built by the Kriepke Construction Co. a prominent builder in Oklahoma for $200000.
 Dermot Christopher Ahern (born 20 April 1955) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Louth constituency from 1987 to 2011. He also served as Minister for Social Community and Family Affairs (1997–2002) Minister for Communications Marine and Natural Resources (2002–04) Minister for Foreign Affairs (2004–08) and Minister for Justice and Law Reform (2008–11).
 The Spirits Of Our Ancestors is an album by pianist Randy Weston and was recorded in 1991. While all of the compositions (with the exception of one traditional Moroccan song) were penned by Weston himself the music on the album is more specifically a collaborative arranging effort between Weston and arranger Melba Liston.
 Madame Figaro is a French magazine supplement to the Saturday edition of the daily newspaper Le Figaro covering fashion and feminist topics.
 Vazhayur is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Post Electric Blues is the sixth full-length studio album by Scottish indie rock band Idlewild self-released to around 3000 fans in June 2009. The album was subsequently released on October 5 2009 on Cooking Vinyl.
 L'amour fou is a 1969 movie directed by Jacques Rivette who also co-wrote the script with Marilù Parolini.
 Ikonz is a national entertainment magazine published in the United Kingdom.
 Borvayeh (Persian: بروايه‎ also Romanized as Borvāyeh; also known as Al Barwāya Al Būravāyeh Barvāyeh and Borvāyeh-e Kūchek) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 490 in 87 families.
 Unveiling a Parallel: A Romance is a feminist science fiction and utopian novel published in 1893. The first edition of the book attributed authorship to Two Women of the West. They were Alice Ilgenfritz Jones and Ella Merchant writers who lived in Cedar Rapids Iowa.
 Wovoka is the fifth album by American band Redbone.
 Hands Up! You're Free is an album by Dutch anarcho-punk band The Ex compiling the group's three different Peel Sessions recorded for BBC Radio 1 during the 1980s. The Ex released the collection on their own label Ex Records first on vinyl in June 1988 then on CD in 2003.
 Tulyholove (Ukrainian: Тулиголове; Polish: Tuligłowy) is a village in the Horodok Raion (district) of Lviv Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. Tulyholove's total population is 644.
 Seaview Terrace also known as the Carey Mansion is a sprawling mansion located in Newport Rhode Island. It was designed in the French Renaissance Revival Châteauesque style and completed in 1925. It was the last of the great Summer Cottages constructed and is the fifth-largest of Newport's mansions — after The Breakers Ochre Court Belcourt Castle and Rough Point. The television show Dark Shadows used its exterior as the fictional Collinwood Mansion.
 The Crooked Billet is a 1929 British drama film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Madeleine Carroll Carlyle Blackwell and Miles Mander. It was released in both silent and sound versions as its production came as the industry was shifting over. It was made by Gainsborough Pictures at their Islington Studios.
 The Good Witch is a television film that aired on the Hallmark Channel on January 19 2008. It starred Catherine Bell as Cassandra Nightingale and Chris Potter as Sheriff Jake Russell. Although set in Middleton USA it was filmed in Hamilton and Niagara on the Lake Ontario. The film has spawned six sequels and an upcoming television series.
 Mahala (Serbian: Махала) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Michael C. Mike Stone (born January 9 1970) is an American businessman and political figure from Sanford North Carolina. He currently represents the 51st House District in the North Carolina General Assembly. Stone is the current chairman of the House Government committee.
 Lago Yusala is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 170 m its surface area is 13.67 km².
 Eugoa conflua is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Insee tong (Thai: อินทรีทอง or Golden Eagle) is a 1970 Thai action film starring Mitr Chaibancha and Petchara Chaowarat. Chaibancha died while filming the stunt for the final scene in the film.
 Allambres is a village in the municipality of Cukalat in Berat District Berat County Albania.
 The Grey Rustic or Neglected (Xestia castanea) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from central Europe to Morocco Turkey Lebanon Israel Jordan and Syria.The wingspan is 36–42 mm. Adults are on wing between July and November depending on the location. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on various shrubs including Calluna Sarothamnus Vaccinium and Poaceae.
 500 Place d'Armes is an International style building on the historic Place d'Armes square in Old Montreal quarter of Montreal Quebec Canada.Completed in 1968 as the Banque canadienne nationale tower it is Montreal's 11th tallest building at 133 m (435 ft) 32 storeys.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 Anand Babla (1954 – December 22 2008) was a Fijian politician of Indian descent. He was a member of the National Farmers Union and Fiji Labour Party (FLP) holding the Tavua Indian Communal Constituency from 1992 to 2006. in the House of Representatives.
 The Schwarzhorn (also known as Punta Marani) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border between the Binntal (Valais) and the Valle Dèvero (Piedmont). It lies north of the Scherbadung.The area is renowned for its unique minerals that are found here in a dolomitic host rock. Elements found are typically As Fe Pb Sb.
 Rulikówka [ruliˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 The Welch Training School also known as Welch School in New Haven Connecticut was built in 1883. It was NRHP-listed in 1983.It was designed by Leoni W. Robinson and is an example of Queen Anne architecture applied to a commercial building.
 I Only Want You To Love Me (German: Ich will doch nur daß ihr mich liebt) is a 1976 West German television movie written and directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder. It stars Vitus Zeplichal and Elke Aberle
 One Across Two Down is a psychological suspense novel by British writer Ruth Rendell. it was first published in 1971. In 1976 it was made into the film Diary of the Dead by Arvin Brown written by I.C. Rapoport and starring Geraldine Fitzgerald and Hector Elizondo.
 Waldemar Pawlak [valˈdɛmar ˈpavlak] (born 5 September 1959) is a Polish politician. He twice served as Prime Minister of Poland briefly in 1992 and again from 1993 to 1995. From November 2007 to November 2012 he served as Deputy Prime Minister and the Minister of Economy. Pawlak is the only person who held the office of Prime Minister twice during the Third Republic (i.e.
 Crenavolva philippei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Balacra rubrostriata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Aurivillius in 1892. It is found in Burundi Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Gabon Ghana Kenya Togo Uganda and Zambia.
 Archer's Goon is a 1984 fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones both for the young adult and adult markets. It was nominated for the 1985 World Fantasy Award for Best Novel and is listed as an ALA Notable Children's Book an ALA Best Book for Young Adults and a Boston Globe-Horn Book Award Honor Book.
 The Red Road Flats comprise is a now-partially demolished mid-twentieth-century high-rise housing complex located between the districts of Balornock and Barmulloch in the north east of the city of Glasgow Scotland. The estate originally consisted of eight multi-storey blocks of steel frame construction. Two are slabs much wider in cross-section than they are deep. Six are points — more of a traditional tower block shape.
 The Come On is a 1956 American film noir directed by Russell Birdwell starring Anne Baxter and Sterling Hayden.
 International Record Review is an independent British monthly classical music magazine.First published in March 2000 the magazine reviews classical music CDs DVDs and books. Its format is similar to that of its competitors the long established Gramophone and the more recent BBC Music Magazine: CD and DVD reviews are divided into orchestral chamber instrumental choral vocal and opera.
 Swing Shift Maisie is a 1943 romantic comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod. It is the seventh in a series of ten films starring Ann Sothern as Maisie preceded by Maisie Gets Her Man and followed by Maisie Goes to Reno. Her co-stars are James Craig and Jean Rogers.
 The Panda's Thumb: More Reflections in Natural History (1980) is a collection of 31 essays by the Harvard University paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould.
 The Temple Court Building and Annex at 5 Beekman Street (corner of Nassau street) New York City is a red-brick and terra cotta office building in the Queen Anne neo-Grec and Renaissance Revival styles. The original structure was begun in 1881 and finished in 1883 with an attached annex constructed in 1889–1890. It was commissioned and originally owned by Eugene Kelly (1808–1894) an Irish immigrant who achieved wealth as a drygoods retailer and banker.
 Geropa concolor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Geropa.
 St. Mary's Church is a historic church at 39 Western Avenue in Augusta Maine.The church was built in 1926 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Letter to a Christian Nation is a book by Sam Harris written in response to feedback he received following the publication of his first book The End of Faith. The book is written in the form of an open letter to a Christian in the United States. Harris states that his aim is to demolish the intellectual and moral pretensions of Christianity in its most committed forms. The book was released in September 2006. In October it entered the New York Times Best Seller list at number seven.
 Hiskatherium is an extinct genus of small ground sloth from the Miocene of Bolivia. The type species H. saintandrei was named in 2011 on the basis of a lower jaw. Although it has not been placed in a specific family Hiskatherium is similar to the extinct sloths Hapalops and Xyophorus.
 Rocket Man: The Definitive Hits (retitled Rocket Man: Number Ones for its North American release and Just Like Belgium: The Definitive Hits for its Belgian release) is a compilation album by Elton John featuring 13 number one songs and a number of bonus tracks and live renditions. Worldwide there have been released 17 different versions of the album including a CD/DVD combo. All versions include the title track Rocket Man (I Think It's Going to Be a Long Long Time).
 Show People is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by King Vidor. The film was a starring vehicle for actress Marion Davies and actor William Haines and included notable cameo appearances by many of the film personalities of the day including stars Charlie Chaplin Douglas Fairbanks William S. Hart and John Gilbert and writer Elinor Glyn.
 When Prophecy Fails: A Social and Psychological Study of a Modern Group That Predicted the Destruction of the World is a classic work of social psychology by Leon Festinger Henry Riecken and Stanley Schachter which studied a small UFO cult called the Seekers that believed in an imminent Apocalypse and its coping mechanisms after the event did not occur. Festinger's theory of cognitive dissonance can account for the psychological consequences of disconfirmed expectations.
 Pen Twyn Mawr is a top of Pen y Gadair Fawr in the Black Mountains in south-eastern Wales. It lies on one of the many south ridges of Waun Fach.The summit is marked by a pile of stones in an area of sandy soil and heather. Pen y Gadair Fawr is to the north Chwarel y Fan to the east and Pen Allt-mawr to the west.
 Gaviota Peak is a summit in the Santa Ynez Mountains in Santa Barbara County California. It is located 10 miles (16 km) west of Santa Barbara 16 miles (26 km) east of Point Conception and 2 miles (3.2 km) from the Pacific Ocean.The Gaviota Peak Fire Road trail starts near the junction of U.S. Route 101 and California State Route 1 in Gaviota State Park and ends on the summit in the Los Padres National Forest.
 The Čik or Čiker (Serbian Cyrillic: Чик or Чикер; Hungarian: Csík-ér Croatian: Čik or Čiker) is a river in northern Serbia. A 95 km-long right tributary to the Tisa river it flows entirely within the Bačka region of Vojvodina province.The Čik springs out in the northwestern part of the Subotička Peščara between the village of Tavankut and the city of Subotica near the Hungarian border at an altitude of 128 m.
 The Man Who Invented the Twentieth Century: Nikola Tesla forgotten genius of electricity (ISBN 0747275882 : OCLC 40839685) is a book by Robert Lomas detailing the life of Nikola Tesla. Lomas covers the times of the electric engineer in the United States and the inventors' work.
 Deadly Hero is a 1976 thriller movie starring Don Murray Diahn Williams James Earl Jones Lilia Skala Treat Williams and directed by Ivan Nagy from a screenplay by George Wislocki and Don Petersen. Released in 1976 with an R rating from the Motion Picture Association of America the film was distributed by AVCO Embassy Pictures. This film is Treat Williams' film debut. Deadly Hero opened to mixed mostly negative reviews by critics and was seen as a commercial failure.
 Kaese Mill is a historic grist mill located at Accident Garrett County Maryland United States. It was constructed about 1868 and is a 2 1⁄2-story frame water-powered grist mill. It is the only fully operational water-powered grist mill in Maryland. It was built by Henry August Kaese Sr. an immigrant miller from Germany who settled in Garrett County shortly after the American Civil War.Kaese Mill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Edward V. Rickenbacker House in Columbus Ohio is a National Historic Landmark. It commemorates the early life of Eddie Rickenbacker who at various times in his life was a flying ace Medal of Honor recipient race car driver and a pioneer in air transportation.The first portion of the house was built between 1893 and 1895 by Rickenbacker's father William with two rooms on the main floor and two attic rooms.
 St. Peter's Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church at Broad and Mullberry Streets in Lancaster Ohio.It was built in 1879 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 For the play see Incendies (play)Incendies is a 2010 Canadian mystery drama film written and directed by Denis Villeneuve. Adapted from Wajdi Mouawad's play of the same name Incendies follows the journey of twin brother and sister as they attempt to unravel the mystery of their mother's life. The film premiered at the Venice and Toronto Film Festivals in September 2010 and was released in Quebec on 17 September 2010.
 The Home Building Association Bank (or Home Building Association Company) is a historic building located at 6 West Main Street in Newark Ohio and was designed by noted Chicago architect Louis Sullivan. It was one of three banks designed by Sullivan in 1914 the other two being in Grinnell Iowa and in West Lafayette Indiana.
 The Church of St Wilfrid is located in Market Place Standish Wigan Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn. It is listed by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. The authors of the Buildings of England series describe it as one of the most interesting churches in Lancashire.
 Nesar-e Sipeh (Persian: نثارسيپه‎ also Romanized as Nes̱ār-e Sīpeh) is a village in Hati Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 11 families.
 Kathy Angerer (born November 16) is currently Director of Community Economic Development for the City of Hamtramck 2013; was Executive Director of Government Affairs at AT&T Michigan from 2011-2013. From 2005-2010 she served as Democratic State Representative in the Michigan State House of Representatives representing the 55th House District which covers parts of Monroe County and Washtenaw County.
 It Felt Like Love is a 2013 independent drama film the first feature film directed by Eliza Hittman.
 H.N.I.C. Pt. 2 is the second solo album by Queens rapper Prodigy of Mobb Deep. It was released on April 22 2008.
 The Ibie is a 32.9 km (20.4 mi) long river in the Ardèche département southeastern France. Its source is at Saint-Jean-le-Centenier 2 km (1.2 mi) south of the village. It flows generally south-southwest through the northern part of the Côtes du Vivarais AOC. It is a left tributary of the Ardèche into which it flows at Vallon-Pont-d'Arc 1.8 km (1.1 mi) southeast of the village.
 Prebuild is an album by electronic music group 808 State which was released in 2004. It contains tracks recorded during the Newbuild recording sessions in 1987/88.
 Swingin' For The Fences was the first album by the supergroup Gordon Goodwin's Big Phat Band. Released in 2001 the album quickly became one of the most popular jazz albums of the last 20 years[citation needed]. The album features many acclaimed players and soloists.
 János Sándor de Csíkszentmihály (14 November 1860 – 16 July 1922) was a Hungarian politician who served as Interior Minister between 1913 and 1917 in István Tisza's second cabinet. János Sándor was the brother-in-law of Count Tisza.
 On the Green Carpet is a 2001 North Korean film directed by Rim Chang-bom. The film's title refers to the turf of the stadium which hosts the May Day mass games in Pyongyang.
 Pseudagrion sudanicum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae. It is found in Botswana the Democratic Republic of the Congo Gambia Ghana Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria South Africa Sudan Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are intermittent rivers and freshwater marshes.
 Qaleh-ye Mohammad Ali Khan (Persian: قلعه محمدعليخان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Moḩammad ‘Alī Khān and Qal‘eh Muhammad ‘Ali Khān; also known as Moḩammad ‘Alī Khān) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District Fashapuyeh District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 22 families.
 Gutti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 The Groundwork 3P is an exclusive EP by the Christian Rapper Verbs. The EP contains songs from The Groundwork Theory.
 Mother's Choice is the fourth album for Australian proto-Heavy Metal band Buffalo recorded during 1975 and 1976 and originally released in 1976 by Vertigo Records. After the dismissal of founding guitarist John Baxter at the end of 1974 the band underwent both a major line up change and a shift towards more commercially oriented hard rock in a desperate bid to attain greater radio airplay (which had eluded them up to this point) and mainstream acceptance.
 Tahtayazı Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Angry Blonde is a 2000 non-fiction book by rapper Eminem. The book was first published on November 21 2000 through HarperEntertainment and features Eminem's commentary of his songs as well as several pictures that had not been previously published at that point in time. A paperback edition was released in 2002. The book was listed as one of the ALA's Quick Picks for Reluctant Young Adult Readers for 2002.
 Jowzestan (Persian: جوزستان‎ also Romanized as Jowzestān; also known as Jowdestān) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District Nir District Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Carol Dyke (born 1938) is a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. She received her bachelor's degree in psychology at the University of Minnesota. She was living in Worthington Minnesota when she was elected for district 28A on November 6 1984 where she represented Cottonwood Murray and Nobles counties.
 Death Comes as the End is a historical mystery novel by Agatha Christie first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in October 1944 and in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in March of the following year. The US Edition retailed at $2.00 and the UK edition at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6).It is the only one of Christie's novels not to be set in the 20th century and – unusually for her – also features no European characters.
 The Church of Saint Thyrsus (Spanish: Iglesia de San Tirso or Spanish: Iglesia de San Tirso el Real de Oviedo) is a Roman Catholic Asturian Romanesque church situated in Oviedo in Asturias northern Spain. Dedicated to Saint Thyrsus it was built by Tioda the royal architect of Alfonso II of Asturias. The Great Fire of Oviedo in 1521 and rebuilding in the 18th century removed most of the original church except for a three-light window.
 Çifthisar is a village in the District of Gerger Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Bhaag Bhola Bhaag is an unreleased Bollywood comedy film directed and written by Neeraj Vora with a star cast of Govinda Tusshar Kapoor Upen Patel Ameesha Patel and Celina Jaitley in lead roles. Produced by Dhilin Mehta under Shree Ashtavinayak Cine Vision Ltd the theatrical trailer of the film was released alongside Rohit Shetty's Golmaal 3.Release date is not finalized yet.
 Sir William Thorley Loton (11 June 1839–22 October 1924) was an Australian politician.
 Silver 'n Wood is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1975 featuring performances by Silver with Tom Harrell Bob Berg Ron Carter and Al Foster with an overdubbed horn section conducted by Wade Marcus featuring Buddy Collette Fred Jackson Jr. Jerome Richardson Lanny Morgan Jack Nimitz Bill Green Garnett Brown and Frank Rosolino.
 Lavegahau is a village in Wallis and Futuna. It is located in Mua District on the east coast of Wallis Island. Its population according to the 2008 census was 359 people.
 In planetary geology a collis (plural: colles) is a small hill or knob.
 Heavy Metal Breakdown is the debut album by the German heavy metal band Grave Digger which was released in October 1984 by Noise Records.
 Aquello que amamos (English language:Those that We Loved) is a 1959 Argentine film directed and written by Leopoldo Torres Ríos. The film premiered on 20 August 1959 in Buenos Aires and starred Lautaro Murúa and Aída Luz.
 Madeniyet or Rakhat is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Sali River is an important tributary of Damodar River that drains the northern part of Bankura district in the Indian state of West Bengal. It originates a few miles west of Kora hill halfway between Mejia and Bankura and joins the Damodar at Samsar village in Indas police station.
 Alive Inside: A Story Of Music and Memory is a 2014 American documentary film directed and produced by Michael Rossato-Bennett. The film premiered in competition category of U.S. Documentary Competition program at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 18 2014. It won the Audience Award: U.S. Documentary at the festival.
 General Carrera Lake (Chilean side) or Lake Buenos Aires (Argentine side) is a lake located in Patagonia and shared by Argentina and Chile. Both names are internationally accepted.The lake has a surface of 1850 km² of which 970 km² are in the Chilean Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region and 880 km² in the Argentine Santa Cruz Province making it the biggest lake in Chile and the fourth largest in Argentina. In its western basin Lake Gen.
 The Cat and the Fiddle (1934) is an American romantic musical film directed by William K. Howard based on the hit 1931 Broadway musical of the same name by Jerome Kern and Otto A. Harbach about a romance between a struggling composer and an American singer. The film stars Ramon Novarro and Jeanette MacDonald in her MGM debut.The final reel was filmed in the then-newly-perfected three-strip Technicolor process previously used only in Walt Disney cartoons such as Flowers and Trees (1932).
 Sutki [ˈsutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 The Adventures of Jo Zette and Jocko is a Franco-Belgian comics series created by Hergé the writer-artist best known for The Adventures of Tintin. The heroes of the series are two young children brother and sister Jo and Zette Legrand and their pet monkey Jocko.Jo Zette and Jocko appear on the rear covers of some The Adventures of Tintin comic books but never appear in the stories. A few Jo Zette and Jocko comics allude to characters or events in The Adventures of Tintin.
 Łobódź [ˈwɔbut͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Aleksandrów Łódzki 12 km (7 mi) west of Zgierz and 16 km (10 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Alison Merrilla Redford Q.C. MLA (born March 7 1965) is a Canadian lawyer and politician. She was the 14th Premier of Alberta Canada having served in this capacity from October 7 2011 to March 23 2014. Redford was born in Kitimat British Columbia and grew up all over Canada and overseas before settling in Calgary as a teenager.In the 2008 provincial election Redford was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for the district of Calgary-Elbow.
 The Begu River is a tributary of the Voiteg River in Romania.
 Rhamphodopsis is a genus of extinct ptyctodont placoderm from the Middle Devonian Old Red Sandstone of Scotland.
 La Historia del Blues (History of Blues) is a concept album by the Spanish band Siniestro Total released in 2000. The album tells the story of Jack Griffin a fictional African-American musician. Siniestro Total use Griffin's life as a means to chronicle both the evolution of blues during the 20th century and the recent history of the United States with all of its wonders and all of its atrocities.
 Pros & Cons is a comic strip about a lawyer a psychiatrist and a police officer created by Glasgow–based artist Kieran Meehan. It was known as A Lawyer A Doctor & A Cop before July 7 2008 when it was renamed in an effort to make the title easier to remember.
 Sagalassa cryptopyrrhella is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Walker in 1866. It is found in Brazil.
 The Sturza River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 The Henry Blood House in Kaysville Utah was home of Henry H. Blood who was governor of Utah during 1933-1940. The house was designed and built by self-trained architect William Allen. It was built in c.1896 with Queen Anne stylings and includes an octagonal tower at about the time of Blood's marriage to Minnie A. Barnes in June 1896.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Zumba Crater is a very young crater in the Phoenicis Lacus quadrangle of Mars located at 28.68 South and 133.18 West. It is only 3.3 km in diameter and was named after a town in Ecuador.Zumba has a depth of about 620 meters and its rim rises about 200 meters above the surrounding lava-filled plains of Daedalia Planum.
 The Love War (1970) is a science fiction ABC Movie of the Week starring Lloyd Bridges as an alien warrior and Angie Dickinson as the woman he befriends.
 Witherspoon Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake Franklin County New York. It was built about 1910 as a boarding house and is a 2 1⁄2-story square frame dwelling in the Queen Anne style. The gable roof has hipped roof dormers. It features two cure porches; one above the verandah and a second supported by four posts and spanning two-thirds of the northwest facade.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 With Child is the third novel in the Kate Martinelli series by Laurie R. King. In the book a teenaged girl is kidnapped while she was supposed to be in Kate's care. With Child is preceded by To Play the Fool and followed by Night Work. The book was nominated for an Edgar Allan Poe Award.
 Hypoplectrodes is a genus of fish belonging to the anthia subfamily (Anthiinae). It contains eight species; six of which are endemic to Australia with one species endemic to New Zealand and another found in the southeastern Pacific Ocean.
 Milíon is the debut album by rapper Half a Mill released on May 9 2000. The album peaked at number 91 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. and sold 40000 copies a number which was considered unexpectedly low.
 Need ei vaata tagasi... (These won't look back...) is a 5-CD compilation by Estonian rock band Ruja. The purpose of this project was to release the whole of Ruja's works although many songs are absent from the compilation.Osa 2 (Part 2) contains the last 3 CD-s. It is preceded by Need ei vaata tagasi... Osa 1.
 Michael Newbold Mike Castle (born July 2 1939) is an American politician who was Governor of Delaware from 1985 to 1992 and the U.S. Representative for Delaware's at-large congressional district from 1993 until 2011. He is a member of the Republican Party.The district which is the oldest in the nation incorporates the entire state of Delaware. He was the longest-serving U.S. Representative in the state's history.
 Vance and Pepe's Porn Start is a comedic mockumentary which had its debut at the Out On Screen Vancouver Queer Film Festival in August 2011. The DVD was released January 17 2012 through MKW Productions and had its television broadcast debut on July 29 2012 on OUTtv in Canada.
 Papy is a 2009 film directed by Djo Tunda Wa Munga. It was released on 27 July 2009 at the Zanzibar Film Festival.
 Bad Taste is a 1987 splatter horror comedy film directed written produced photographed co-edited by and co-starring Peter Jackson who also made most of the makeup and special effects. Produced on a low budget it is Jackson's first feature film. Jackson and friends take on most of the key roles both on and off-screen.
 Seonica is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Wallace Alexander Nelson (29 April 1856 – 5 May 1943) was a short term Western Australian politician. He represented the electoral district of Hannans from 1904 to 1905 in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly. He was described as the wit and humorist of the Australian Labor Party in those days having much experience at oration and writing.
 The Headquarters Sessions is an 84-track 3-CD set by the Monkees containing 60 previously unreleased recordings from the sessions that produced the band's third album Headquarters.It includes recordings from sessions where the band exercised creative control over all aspects of the recording process and where they played most of the instruments.
 Terry R. Spence (born November 30 1941) is a United States statesman and politician from New Castle in New Castle County Delaware. He is a member of the Republican Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly as Speaker of the Delaware House of Representatives. He was defeated in the 2008 election by Democrat Michael A. Barbieri. Though he ran again for his old seat in 2010 he was defeated by the incumbent Representative Michael Barbieri.
 The Silent Valley Reservoir is a reservoir located in the Mourne Mountains near Kilkeel County Down in Northern Ireland. It supplies most of the water for County Down surrounding counties and most of Belfast. It is owned and maintained by Northern Ireland Water Limited (formerly DRD Water Service). The reservoir was built between 1923 and 1933 by a workforce of over one thousand men nine of whom died.
 Jabal al-Tair Island (Jebel Teir Jabal al-Tayr Tair Island Al-Tair Island Jazirat at-Tair; Arabic: جزيرة جبل الطير‎ Jazīrat Jabal aṭ-Ṭayr literally Bird Mountain Island) is a roughly oval volcanic island northwest of the constricted Bab al-Mandab passage at the mouth of the Red Sea about half way between Yemen and Eritrea.
 Created By is a 1993 horror novel by Richard Christian Matheson.
 Flåvatn is a lake in the municipalities of Nome and Kviteseid in Telemark county Norway. The lake is the easternmost of the connected lakes Bandak Kviteseidvatnet and Flåvatn which are all part of the Telemark Canal. The lake's area is 20.1 km². The outlet is via the river Straumen (Eidselva) to Norsjø.
 The Gulf of Martaban (Burmese: မုတ္တမပင်လယ်ကွေ့) is an arm of the Andaman Sea in the southern part of Burma. The gulf is named after the port city of Mottama (formerly known as Martaban). The Salween Sittaung and Yangon rivers empty into it.A characteristic feature of the Gulf of Martaban is that it has a tide-dominated coastline.
 The Cathedral Church of Christ Marina Lagos is an Anglican cathedral in Lagos Nigeria.
 The Victim (orig. 身不由已; Shen bu you ji) is a humorous Hong Kong action film directed by Sammo Hung released in 1980. Starring Hung and Bryan Leung Kar Yan the film is also known as Lightning Kung Fu and San bat yau gei. The US release was in June 1982.Although he had only a very small role in The Victim former Peking Opera School student Yuen Biao played a key part in the making of this film.
 Mihail Vântu (1873 Hagi-Abdul - December 28 1943 Ploieşti) was a politician and journalist from Romania. He served as member of the Parliament of Romania and worked for Cuvânt moldovenesc.
 Shadow of the Dragon is a book written by Sherry Garland with Sang Le as a protagonist who has a hard time adjusting to American life.
 Jighi (Persian: جيغي‎ also Romanized as Jīghī; also known as Jaghi and Jīqī) is a village in Sardaran Rural District in the Central District of Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 505 in 122 families.
 The Queen Elizabeth II Courts of Law also referred to as the Brisbane Supreme and District Court is a court building located at 415 George Street in Brisbane Queensland Australia. It is a new purpose-built building for the Supreme Court of Queensland and the District Court of Queensland. Together with the Brisbane Magistrates Court building it creates a new legal precinct in Brisbane which occupies an entire city block between George Street Roma Street and Turbot Street.
 Consilience: The Unity of Knowledge is a 1998 book by biologist E. O. Wilson. In this book Wilson discusses methods that have been used to unite the sciences and might in the future unite them with the humanities. Wilson prefers and uses the term consilience to describe the synthesis of knowledge from different specialized fields of human endeavor.
 Breach of Conduct is a 1994 film made for television starring Peter Coyote and Courtney Thorne-Smith.
 Mystery Scene Magazine based in the US and first published in 1985 covers the crime and mystery genre with a mix of articles profiles criticism and extensive reviews of books films TV short stories audiobooks and reference works.
 Wublitz is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 A Northern Affair is a 2014 Ghanaian romantic drama film directed by Leila Djansi and starring John Dumelo Joselyn Dumas & Kofi Adjorlolo. It will be released in Nigeria by June 2014. It won 8 awards at the 2013 Ghana Movie Awards.
 The Nichitaș River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Ciotina River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Dhokha is a film that stars Muzammil Ibrahim and Tulip Joshi in the lead roles. It is directed by Pooja Bhatt produced by Mukesh Bhatt and music by M. M. Keeravani. The film revolves around a moderate Indian Muslim cop who wakes up and to his horror discovers that his wife who had recently been killed in a bomb blast is accused of being a suicide bomber and had killed 20 people in the club.
 Ismet Baba Fish Restaurant is a well-known seafood restaurant located in the Kuzguncuk neighborhood of Uskudar district in Istanbul Turkey. The restaurant was established in 1951 by Mehmet İsmet Dökmecier aka Ismet Baba.
 Antonia [anˈtɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyse within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dore Abbey is a former Cistercian abbey in the village of Abbey Dore in the Golden Valley Herefordshire England. A large part of the original mediaeval building has been used since the 16th century as the parish church with remaining parts either now ruined or no longer extant.
 Arbury Hill at 225 m (738 ft) is the highest point in the English county of Northamptonshire.It is 9 km (5.6 mi) southwest of the town of Daventry.The slopes of Arbury Hill are a drainage divide between three major river catchment areas with the Nene to the north east and south the Cherwell (a tributary of the Thames) to the south-west and the Leam (a tributary of the Severn) to the west and north-west.
 Pontos is a 2008 dramatic short film concerning the Greek genocide. The film's duration is a little over 10 minutes and was filmed entirely in Australia. Written produced and directed by Peter Stefanidis Pontos aims to capture a small part of the genocide from the perspective of its two central characters played by Lee Mason (Kemal) and Ross Black (Pantzo).
 Living in a Giant Candle Winking at God is the debut album by the Transit Kings. It featured guest appearances from The Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr and comedian Simon Day.
 Frankenstein: Day of the Beast is a 2011 independent horror film directed by Ricardo Islas based on the novel of the same name by Mary Shelley. It premiered with a limited theatrical release in the United States on November 27 2011.
 Arena was a British monthly men's magazine. The magazine was created in 1986 by Nick Logan who had started The Face in 1980 to focus on trends in fashion and entertainment. British graphic designer Neville Brody who had designed The Face designed Arena's launch appearance. The magazine featured articles on food movies fitness sex music toys and books.
 Robert Huntington Adams (1792 – July 2 1830) was a Mississippi lawyer and politician who in the final months of his life briefly served as United States senator from Mississippi.The year of Adams' birth in Rockbridge County Virginia is known to history but as was common in the 18th century the day and month went unrecorded.
 Air Force Housing Khuzestan (Persian: منازل نيروئ هوايي‎ – Manāzel Nīrūy Havāyī) is a village and military housing in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 42 families.
 Chah-e Maleki (Persian: چاه مالكي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Māleḵī) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Western Poplar Clearwing (Paranthrene robiniae) is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found from sea level to near the timber line from Alaska southward along the Pacific Coast to southern California and throughout the Rocky Mountains into the desert southwest and as far east as Kansas and North Dakota.The wingspan is 23-30 mm for males and 30-36 mm for females. Adults are yellow-black with orange brown forewings with somewhat darker veins.
 Adelaide Alexander Alex Sink (born June 5 1948) is an American politician of the Democratic Party. Sink was the Chief Financial Officer for the state of Florida and treasurer on the board of trustees of the Florida State Board of Administration. She was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Florida and faced Republican nominee Rick Scott in the 2010 Florida gubernatorial election losing to Scott by a 1% margin.
 Kiss All the Boys (できのいいキス悪いキス Deki no Ii Kiss Warui Kiss) is a yaoi comedy manga by Shiuko Kano published by Ohzora Publishing and later by Futabasha. It was licensed in English by Aurora Publishing under their Deux Press imprint and released between March 2008 and October 2008. It has been published in Chinese by Tong Li Publishing. Kiss All the Boys is about a hentai author whose gay teenage son comes to live with him and the author's discovery of his own homosexuality.
 Cis [t͡ɕis] (German: Friedrichsthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Świętajno 17 km (11 mi) east of Szczytno and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Wola Dziankowska [ˈvɔla d͡ʑaŋˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Augustówka [auɡusˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Siemień 5 km (3 mi) north-west of Parczew and 49 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 100.
 From the Inside is the name of a studio album by country music singer Lynn Anderson released in 1978. Although well-reviewed in Stereo Review and other publications the album proved to be the least successful of her career at Columbia Records and her only album for the label not to make the Billboard Country Albums chart.
 Glipa separata is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus. It was described in 1941.
 Little Haywood Abbey was an abbey in Staffordshire England.
 Abu Zurayq was a Palestinian Arab village in the Haifa Subdistrict of Mandatory Palestine situated near Wadi Abu Zurayq. It was depopulated on April 12–13 during and after the Battle of Mishmar HaEmek of the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine.In 1945 it had a population of 550. Paleolithic stone tools have been found in Tell Abu Zreiq within the former village lands as well as the remains of a Bronze Age farmhouse.
 Mark Andrew Green (born June 1 1960) is an American politician. He served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1993 to 1999 was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2007 representing Wisconsin's 8th congressional district ran unsuccessfully for Governor of Wisconsin in 2006 and held the post of United States Ambassador to Tanzania from August 2007 until January 2009.
 Malgah (Persian: مل گاه‎ also Romanized as Malgāh; also known as Malgeh) is a village in Abdan Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 22 families.
 The Pârâul Vulpii is a tributary of the Dealu River in Romania.
 Eurata strigiventris is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Guérin-Meneville in 1830. It is found in Brazil and Argentina.
 The Great Synagogue of London was for centuries the centre of Ashkenazi synagogue and Jewish life in London. It was destroyed during World War II in the Blitz.
 Fort Independence is a granite star fort that provided harbor defenses for Boston Massachusetts. Located on Castle Island Fort Independence is the oldest continuously fortified site of English origin in the United States. The first primitive fortification was placed on the site in 1634 and replaced in 1701 with a more substantial structure known as Castle William.
 Lin Chu-chia or Steve Lin (Chinese: 林祖嘉; pinyin: Lín Zǔjiā) is a politician in the Republic of China. He currently serves as the Deputy Minister of the Mainland Affairs Council (MAC) of the Executive Yuan since 28 November 2012.
 Devoid is the first official album released by Italian melodic death metal band Dark Lunacy.
 The Toodyay Memorial Hall is a heritage-listed building on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia. It was originally built in 1899 as the Newcastle Municipal Chambers then substantially extended in 1910 with further extensions in 1956–57 and 1990–92.The building includes two halls: the 60 m2 (650 sq ft) Lesser Hall or Foyer (the original 1899 building) and a larger 250 m2 (2700 sq ft) auditorium with a stage.
 The Jigureasa River is a tributary of the Băniţa river in Romania.
 Absolute Anthology is a compilation album by The Easybeats. The album was released on November 17 1980.
 William Jefferson Hague FRSL MP (born 26 March 1961) is a British politician who has been the First Secretary of State and the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs since 2010.
 Agdistis tihamae is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Yemen.
 The Căpâlnaș River or Căpâlna River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Bicz-Ostatki [ˈbit͡ʂ ɔsˈtatki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Miasto within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 The Francis Hopkinson House is an historic home in Bordentown Burlington County New Jersey United States where Francis Hopkinson a signer of the Declaration of Independence and his wife Ann Borden lived from 1774 until his death in 1791.He created several patriotic songs of the time.
 The Torngat Mountains are a mountain range on the Labrador Peninsula at the northern tip of Newfoundland and Labrador and eastern Quebec. They are part of the Arctic Cordillera. This is the peninsula that separates Ungava Bay from the Atlantic Ocean.
 Whispers and Moans (Chinese: 性工作者十日談) is a 2007 Hong Kong film directed by Herman Yau. It is based on the 2006 book Whispers and Moans by Yeeshan Yang investigating the Hong Kong sex trade. It has a Category III rating in Hong Kong.
 Out of the Air is an album by the Irish uilleann pipes player Davy Spillane that was originally released on Tara Music in 1988. Allmusic awards this album with 4 stars.Following the release of his 'Atlantic Bridge' album Uilleann Piper Davy put together a touring band including Anto Drennan on Guitar James Delaney on keyboards Tony Molloy on bass Paul Moran on drums. While on a UK tour the band recorded a session for BBC Radio One.
 The Yellow Meadow Ant Lasius flavus is one of the most common ants in Central Europe although it also occurs in Asia North Africa and eastern North America.The queen is 7–9 mm long males 3–4 mm and workers 2–4 mm. Their colour varies from yellow to brown with queen and males being slightly more darkly colored.The species lives primarily underground in meadows and very commonly lawns.
 Sinbad: Beyond the Veil of Mists (2000) is the first feature length CGI film created exclusively using motion capture. While many animators worked on the project the human characters were entirely animated using motion capture. It was filmed at Raleigh Studios in Los Angeles over a three-month period in 1997.Along with Pandavas: The Five Warriors (2000) this was one of the first computer-graphics-based features made in India. Pentamedia company was behind both of these productions.
 Waarland (West Frisian: ´t Waarland) is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Schagen and lies about 6 km north of Heerhugowaard.In 2001 the village of Waarland had 1423 inhabitants. The built-up area of the village was 0.43 km² and contained 550 residences.The statistical area Waarland which also can include the peripheral parts of the village as well as the surrounding countryside has a population of around 2370.
 David Mitchell: Back Story is an autobiography by the British actor comedian and writer David Mitchell. The book was published in October 2012.
 The Garden is the fourth studio album from Canadian collective Bran Van 3000. It was released on October 19 2010.The first single was Grace (Love on the Block) released on September 7 2010.The album debuted at #17 on the Canadian Albums Chart.
 Sabirkhan (Persian: صبيرخان‎ also Romanized as Şabīrkhān; also known as Şabrkhān) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District Qarah Quyun District Showt County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Signature Tower Jakarta was a proposed building in Jakarta. In 2013 the tower was cancelled.[citation needed] Construction would have expected to start in 2014 and it would have been completed in 2020. It would have become the 5th tallest building in the world.
 Nart [nart] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Iliwerung is a volcano in the south-central part of the island Lembata in Indonesia.
 Clifton a neighborhood east of downtown Louisville Kentucky USA. Clifton was named because of its hilly location on the Ohio River valley escarpment.Unlike other Louisville neighborhoods Clifton was developed over a period of 60 years with the first homes built in the 1860s sitting next to homes built in the 1910s although nearly all homes were built in Victorian styles. Its residential areas are also much less dense than other nearby areas like Butchertown or the Original Highlands.
 The Las Vegas Story is a 1952 suspense film noir starring Jane Russell and Victor Mature directed by Robert Stevenson and produced by Robert Sparks and Howard Hughes with Samuel Bischoff as the executive producer.
 Laurie Funderburk (born March 31 1975) is Democratic member of the South Carolina House of Representatives serving since 2005. Funderburk has also served as a clerk for the South Carolina Senate Judiciary Committee.
 Koalliella is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Lake Glenn Shoals is a 1250-acre (5.0 km²) reservoir located in Montgomery County Illinois. Created in 1976 by damming the Middle Fork of Illinois's Shoal Creek it was built for recreation sport fishing and water supply purposes. The lake is 4 miles (6.5 km) long and 0.4 miles (0.6 km) wide. The nearest town is Hillsboro Illinois south of Springfield Illinois and northeast of Saint Louis Missouri.Lake Glenn Shoals is managed for bass bluegill catfish crappie and tiger muskie.
 The Rourke Art Museum is a fine arts museum in Moorhead Minnesota United States founded by James O'Rourke. The associated Rourke Art Gallery is nearby at 523 South Fourth Street in the historic Martinson House built in 1875. These two institutions comprise The Rourke Art Gallery Museum a public non-profit corporation.The art museum can be found at 521 Main Avenue in a historic Federal Courthouse and Post Office built in 1915.
 The Best of ZZ Top (subtitled 10 Legendary Texas Tales) is a greatest hits album by the American blues rock band ZZ Top released in 1977.
 The Peel Sessions 1991–2004 is a compilation album by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey released on 23 October 2006 on Island Records.
 The Mayer River is a river of Chile. It flows into the O'Higgins/San Martin Lake the deepest lake in the Americas.
 Sar Choluskan-e Sofla (Persian: سرچلوسكان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sar Cholūskān-e Soflá) is a village in Zardalan Rural District Helilan District Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 7 families.
 Alaena nyassa the Pied Zulu is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Tanzania Malawi Zambia Mozambique and Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of riverine woodland grassy places in savanna regions montane grassland with rocky outcrops forest margins heavy woodland and rocky streams.Adults have been recorded nearly year round except June and July.The larvae feed on algae (Cyanophyta) growing on rocks.
 One Hundred Mornings is a 2009 post-apocalyptic Irish drama film written and directed by Conor Horgan. It was one of three films funded by the Irish Film Board’s Catalyst Project designed to give up-and-coming filmmakers the opportunity to produce a low-budget feature film.Filmed over twenty days in County Wicklow Ireland for a total budget of €275000 it was writer/director Conor Horgan's first feature. The film was produced by Katie Holly for Blinder Films.
 Best Of 11-Twelve is the fifth album by Swedish pop singer Bosson. It was released in 2013.
 The Eklutna River is a 22 mile (35 km) long river located in the Southcentral region of the U.S. state of Alaska. A degraded anadromous stream of glacial origin it originates at Eklutna Glacier and flows through Eklutna Lake and a canyon up to 350 feet (107 m) deep emptying into the Knik Arm of Cook Inlet approximately 17 miles (27 km) northeast of Anchorage.
 James S. Jim Cowan (born January 22 1942) is a Canadian lawyer and Senator from Nova Scotia. He was appointed to the Senate by Prime Minister Paul Martin on March 24 2005. He represents the Liberal Party of Canada. A lawyer Cowan has been a partner at the legal firm of Stewart McKelvey since 1967.He received a Bachelor of Arts degree and Bachelor of Law degree from Dalhousie University.
 Mount Morungole lies within the Kidepo Valley National Park north-east Uganda Africa. It is in the rugged semi-arid Karamoja province near the border with the Sudan. Neighbouring peaks are Mount Zulia and the Labwor and Dodoth Hills reach heights in excess of 2000 meters.The local inhabitants were the Ik who were moved by a previous administration. They were attached to Mount Morungole considering it a sacred place.
 Odontopodisma is a genus of insect in family Acrididae. It contains the following species: Odontopodisma montana Odontopodisma rubripes
 The Optimist Live is a live album by British rock band Turin Brakes. The album was recorded on November 11 2011 during a performance at Koko in London.
 RiverTown Crossings is a two-story shopping mall in Grandville Michigan . Opened in 1999 the mall was developed by General Growth Properties of Chicago Illinois. It opened with five anchors: Sears Hudson's (then Marshall Field's now Macy's) Kohl's Younkers and JCPenney. Barnes & Noble was also featured as a junior anchor. Galyan's (now Dick's Sporting Goods) and Old Navy opened a few months later.
 Nathaniel Macon (December 17 1757 – June 29 1837) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Senator and Representative from North Carolina. During his political career he was spokesman for the Old Republican faction of the Democratic-Republican Party that wanted to strictly limit the United States federal government. Macon was born near Warrenton North Carolina and attended the College of New Jersey and served briefly in the American Revolutionary War.
 Potoczek [pɔˈtɔt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki within Janów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Potok Wielki 15 km (9 mi) west of Janów Lubelski and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Grace Anna Goodhue Coolidge (January 3 1879 – July 8 1957) was the wife of Calvin Coolidge and First Lady of the United States from 1923 to 1929. She contributed greatly to her husband's rise to office balancing his natural shyness with her own outgoing style. She was an exceptionally popular White House hostess.
 Gary Griffith was appointed as Minister of National Security in Trinidad and Tobago on Friday 6 September 2013. Since May 2010 he has served as National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister. Griffith was a member of the Trinidad and Tobago Defence Force for 15 years where he attained the rank of Captain in 1998. This attainment to the rank of Captain was achieve after just six (6) years service which was an unprecedented achievement.
 The Lord of the Beasts (German:Der Herr der Bestien ) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Ernst Wendt and starring Carl de Vogt Claire Lotto and Anna von Palen. It premiered in Berlin on 17 August 1921.
 The Boardman is a series of rowhouses at 39-53 Montana Street occupying an entire city block between Hoosac and Blackinton Streets in North Adams Massachusetts. The building was at the time of its construction (1899-1901) one of the most elaborate multiunit buildings in the city. They were built by developer Walter Penniman in two stages on land subdivided from the estate of F. R.
 Asif Bashir Bhagat (Urdu: آصف بشیر بھاگٹ‎) son of Mr Bashir Ahmad was born on February 15 1976 Village Bhagat Tehsil Phalia District Mandi Bahauddin. He is a PPPP's MPA Member of the Provincial Assembly of Punjab.
 The Lupoaia River is a tributary of the Vedița River in my pants.
 Shine is a five-song EP by Anna Nalick released on April 1 2008 (see 2008 in music). It is composed of the album version of the new song Shine two acoustic versions of songs from her debut album (Breathe (2 AM) and Wreck of the Day) a cover version of Red Hot Chili Peppers song Breaking the Girl and an acoustic version of the title track.
 Lingmoor Fell is a fell in the English Lake District situated eight kilometres west of Ambleside. The fell reaches a modest height of 469 m (1540 ft) and divides the valleys of Great Langdale and Little Langdale. The fell's name originates from the Old Norse word lyng meaning “heather covered”. The actual summit of the fell is named as Brown How on Ordnance Survey maps.
 The Methodist Episcopal Church of Painesville (Painesville United Methodist Church) is a historic church at 71 N. Park Place in Painesville Ohio.It was built in 1873 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Gatekeeper (Pyronia tithonus) sometimes called the Hedge Brown is most commonly found in South and East Britain and confined to coastal areas of south and southeast Ireland. It is also found in the Channel Islands but not in Scotland nor the Isle of Man. Given its preference for warmer weather it can be assumed that the restriction of range expansion is due to climate.
 The Incan caenolestid (Lestoros inca) or Incan shrew opossum is a species of shrew opossum in the family Caenolestidae. It is the only member of the genus Lestoros. It is endemic to Peru.
 Catalone Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Nut Grove also known as the William Walsh House is a historic house located on McCarty Avenue in Albany New York United States. It is a brick building originally designed in the Greek Revival architectural style by architect Alexander Jackson Davis in the mid-19th century.
 TSANG Yam-pui GBS OBE (simplified Chinese: 曾荫培; traditional Chinese: 曾蔭培; pinyin: Zēng Yīnpéi born 1946) is the brother of Chief executive Donald Tsang. He was the Commissioner of Police of Hong Kong from January 2001 to December 2003. Their high positions in the government has referred both of them as the Two high officials.
 A Berlin Romance (German: Eine Berliner Romanze) is a 1956 East German neo-realist romantic drama film about youth urban life in the divided city of Berlin directed by Gerhard Klein. It was produced by the Deutsche Film-Aktiengesellschaft (DEFA) film company. It stars Annekathrin Bürger Ulrich Thein and Uwe-Jens Pape. The script was written by Wolfgang Kohlhaase with a score composed by Günter Klück.
 Ajai Malhotra is the former Ambassador of India to the Russian Federation and served in the country from 2011. to 2013
 Spring of Life (Czech: Pramen života) is a 2000 Czech film directed by Milan Cieslar.
 James Andrew del Piano (1916 - 1981) was an Australian businessman and civic leader.
 Work Done on Premises is the first album and first live album released by The Radiators (US).
 Mrinal Banerjee (1938 – 3 February 2010) was Power Minister in the Left Front Ministry in the Indian state of West Bengal. He had joined politics as an employee of Durgapur Steel Plant. In spite of his qualifying as an associate member of the Institute of Engineers he preferred to remain a worker and serve the trade union. He was general secretary of the Steel Workers Federation of India and secretary of the West Bengal State Committee of the Centre of Indian Trade Unions.
 Bukit Batu Buli is a mountain located in the Malaysian part of Borneo. At 2082 metres it is one of the highest mountains in the state of Sarawak.
 José Calvo Sotelo 1st Duke of Calvo Sotelo (6 May 1893 – 13 July 1936) was a Spanish politician prior to and during the Second Spanish Republic.
 Manuel Cepeda Vargas (13 April 1930 — 9 August 1994) was a lawyer and Senator of Colombia gunned down in Bogotá on 9 August 1994 as part of a bloody repression of the Patriotic Union. A Communist party politician he had been a Member of the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia from 1992 to 1994 and had served a sentence in prison because of his political ideology charged for revolutionary activity.
 Wes Wagner is a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives representing the 54th district. Wagner is also an attorney.
 Mahala (Kalesija) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 St. Vincent De Paul Catholic Church is a historic church at 131 South Main Street in Cape Girardeau Missouri.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 William Dill Rogers (May 12 1927 in Wilmington Delaware – September 22 2007 in Upperville Virginia) was an American lawyer. He served as U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-American Affairs (October 1974 – June 1976) and Undersecretary of State for Economic Affairs (June 1976–January 1977) under then-Secretary of State Henry Kissinger in the administration of President Gerald Ford.
 Bird: The Complete Charlie Parker on Verve is a 1990 box set by jazz musician Charlie Parker. It features every extant note Parker recorded for the Verve label as well as his appearances at Jazz at the Philharmonic. Parker recorded for Verve primarily in the last five years of his life a period during which besides playing with his famous quintet he experimented with strings Afro-Cuban jazz and mixed chorus.
 Sultan Ghari (Hindi: सुल्तान ग़ारी Urdu: سلطان غاری‎) was the first Islamic Mausoleum (tomb) built in 1231 AD for Prince Nasiru'd-Din Mahmud eldest son of Iltumish in the “funerary landscape of Delhi” in the Malakapur village (near Vasant Kunj). Iltumish was the third Sultan of the Slave Dynasty who ruled in Delhi from 1210 to 1236 AD.
 Elaine MacKenzie is the second album by Chicago pop band Green released in 1987 on Pravda Records.
 Moutohora Island or Whale Island (Moutohorā in Māori) is a small uninhabited island located off the Bay of Plenty coast of New Zealand's North Island about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) north of the town of Whakatane. The 1.43 km2 (0.55 sq mi) island is a remnant of a complex volcano which has eroded leaving two peaks. This is still an area of volcanic activity and there are hot springs on the island in Sulphur Valley McEwans Bay and Sulphur Bay.
 Isluga (Spanish pronunciation: [isˈluɣa]) is a stratovolcano located in Colchane 7 km west of the Chile/Bolivia border and at the west end of a group of volcanoes lined up in an east-west direction which also includes the volcanoes Cabaray and Tata Sabaya. Isluga has an elongated summit area and lies within the borders of Volcán Isluga National Park.
 All Tomorrow's Parties (Chinese: 明日天涯; pinyin: Míngrì tiānyá) is a 2003 Chinese science fiction film directed by Yu Lik-wai. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
 Namma Preethiya Ramu (Kannada: ನಮ್ಮ ಪ್ರೀತಿಯ ರಾಮು) is a 2003 Indian Kannada tragedy drama film directed by Sanjay - Vijay duo and written by Vinayan who directed the original Malayalam version Vasanthiyum Lakshmiyum Pinne Njaanum. The film stars Darshan playing the eponymous character of a blind village singer along with Navya and Hamsavijetha in other prominent roles. The film was produced by G Nandakumar and B P Rame Gowda for Vishwapriya Films studio.
 Eric Byrne (born 21 April 1947) is an Irish Labour Party politician and is a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South–Central constituency. He was formerly a member of Official Sinn Féin the Workers' Party and Democratic Left. Born in Dublin he was educated at Synge Street CBS school and the Bolton Street College of Technology.
 Soitsjärv is a lake of Estonia.
 The Elmendorf Reformed Church formerly known as the Elmendorf Chapel is a historic Reformed Church in America (RCA) church located at 171 East 121st Street between Sylvan Court and Third Avenue in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was founded as a parish house and Sunday school for the First Collegiate Church of Harlem which had its beginnings in 1660 as the Harlem Reformed Dutch Church the first house of worship in Harlem.
 Taylor's catfish (Arius taylori) is a species of fish in the Ariidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
 Samarès Manor (Jèrriais: Mangni d'Sanmathès) is a manor house with medieval origins in the Vingtaine de Samarès in the parish of St. Clement in Jersey and is the traditional home of the Seigneur de Samarès. The name Samarès is an old French word meaning salt-marsh and much of the low lying surrounding areas are or were coastal marshes.The gardens are open to the public from April until October.
 Emozioni is the debut studio album by Dutch artist Marco Borsato. It was released on 3 March 1990 through Polydor Records.
 Amphitorna is a genus of insects belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.
 Nader Dahabi (Arabic: نادر الذهبي‎) born 1946 in Amman Jordan is a Jordanian politician who was prime minister from 25 November 2007 to 14 December 2009. He took office following the resignation of Marouf al-Bakhit and days after the parliamentary elections in which Islamists and opposition were defeated by pro-regime candidates.
 Abbasabad-e Seh Choqa (Persian: عباس ابادسه چقا‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Seh Choqā) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 39 families.
 ( ) is the third full-length album from Icelandic band Sigur Rós first released in October 2002. It comprises eight untitled tracks divided into two parts: the first four tracks are lighter and more optimistic while the latter four are bleaker and more melancholic. The two halves are divided by a 36-second silence and the album opens and closes with a click of distortion.
 Sura K'uchu (Aymara sura dry jiquima a species of Pachyrhizus k'uchu angle sura angle hispanicized spelling Sora Khucho) is a mountain in the Andes about 5333 m (17497 ft) high situated in the Cordillera Occidental on the border of Bolivia and Chile. It is located in the Arica and Parinacota Region of Chile and in the Oruro Department of Bolivia in the Sajama Province Turku Municipality Chachakumani Canton south of the Uqi Uqini volcano and north of the Umurata.
 Sulakan (Persian: سولاكان‎ also Romanized as Sūlākān; also known as Sūleh Kān and Sūlehkān) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 23 families.
 A Gentle Gangster is a 1943 black-and-white drama film directed by Phil Rosen and written by A. W. Hackel.
 Dizaj (Persian: ديزج‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District Mohammadiyeh District Alborz County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 86 families.
 Inanidrilus extrmus is a species of Annelid worm.
 Zakrzewo [zaˈkʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgie within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Lipno and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 200.
 Little Arliss (1978) is the third book centered around the Coates family of frontier Texas by Fred Gipson. It follows Old Yeller and Savage Sam and focuses on Little Arliss the youngest member of the family. Like the first two novels it is told in the first person this time by Arliss instead of Travis.
 Transportation Science is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences (INFORMS). The studies published in the journal apply operations research techniques to problems in the full range of transportation sectors including air travel rail transport commuter lines and vehicular travel/traffic. From time to time studies published in Transportation Science are featured in mainstream publications.
 The El Carrizo deer mouse (Peromyscus ochraventer) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Mexico.
 Paraclinus spectator is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Atlantic coast of Brazil where it can be found on rocky reefs at depths of from 1 to 7 metres (3.3 to 23.0 ft). This species can reach a length of 5.2 centimetres (2.0 in) SL.
 Sinocyclocheilus brevibarbatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 Maiden Moor is a fell in the English Lake District it stands 6 km (3.7 mi) south of the town of Keswick and is part of the high ground that separates the Newlands Valley and Borrowdale it has a modest height of 576 m (1890 ft) and so fails to be mentioned on many UK mountain lists but it does have a separate chapter in Alfred Wainwright’s Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells.
 Tarzan the Untamed is a book written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the seventh in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. It was originally published as two separate stories serialized in different pulp magazines; Tarzan the Untamed (AKA Tarzan and the Huns) in Redbook from March to August 1919 and Tarzan and the Valley of Luna in All-Story Weekly from March to April 1920.
 Patrick Bosco McFadden (born 26 March 1965 Paisley) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Wolverhampton South East since 2005. He was briefly Shadow Secretary of State for Business Innovation and Skills but failed to be elected to the Shadow Cabinet shortly after Ed Miliband became Labour Leader.
 The Second Presbyterian Church in Portsmouth Ohio is a historic church at 801 Waller Street.It was built in 1911 and was a work of architect George W. Kramer.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. As of 2012 the congregation is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.).
 Faith (also known as The Virtuous Outcast) was a 1916 American silent drama film directed by James Kirkwood. The film survives and is preserved at George Eastman House Rochester.
 Fulda gatiana is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in northern Madagascar.
 Lago di Centro Cadore is a lake in the Province of Belluno Veneto Italy. At an elevation of 683 m its surface area is 2.3 km².
 The high-spined commensal hydroid Hydractinia altispina is a small colonial hydroid in the family Hydractiniidae.
 Marta Ferrari is a 1956 Argentine film.
 This Ain't Glee XXX is a 2010 American pornographic musical comedy film written by Marc Star and directed by Axel Braun. Based on the television series Glee the film stars Andy San Dimas as Rachel Berry and features parody songs written by Star.
 Be My Wife is a 1921 silent comedy film written directed and starring Max Linder.
 Tiempo Transcurrido (Running Time) is Café Tacuba's first compilation album released in 2001. According to the band it was released due to a contractual obligation as the original contract signed with WEA Latina stated that they must release five albums and with no new material Tiempo Transcurrido dropped in music stores on August 21.
 Church of the Resurrection is a small wooden Church of England church in Hurley Warwickshire England dating from 1861 It is part of the parish of Baxterley with Hurley and Wood End.
 Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen – The Album is a compilation album of various artists music from the 2009 live-action Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. The official single is New Divide by Linkin Park. It was rumored that Dead by Sunrise would be releasing a track called Crawl Back In for the soundtrack. However Chester Bennington said he decided not to include it. Similarly Tyrese Gibson who plays Sgt.
 The Baptist Church in Exeter also known as Chestnut Hill Baptist Church is an historic building located at 467 Ten Rod Road in Exeter Rhode Island.The church building was constructed in 1838 in a Greek Revival style. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 21 1978. Mercy Brown an alleged vampire was buried in the Chestnut Hill Baptist Church cemetery in 1892 and later exhumed.
 Caroline Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery and national historic district at the junction of Dyke and Bates Roads in Setauket Suffolk County New York. The church was built in 1729 and is a three-by-four-bay heavy timber-framed 42 by 30 foot building sheathed in wood shingles and covered by a gable roof. It features a 42 foot tower surmounted by a 25 foot spire. The complex also includes the parish house built in 1905 and a barn built in 1893.
 Madan Lal Sharma (born 22 April 1952) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Jammu constituency of Jammu and Kashmir and is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.
 The View Point Inn located in Corbett Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. In July 2011 the building's second floor was gutted by a fire and its owners and faced financial difficulties as the insurance on the building had lapsed.
 Anaji is a village in the Western region of Ghana. It is 10 kilometres from the centre Takoradi the Western regional capital. The village is a dormitory village.
 Embers is a 1916 silent movie that was made by the American Film Manufacturing Company at their Flying A Studios in Santa Barbara California.
 The Ribeira de Iguape River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Martin Richard Hoffmann (born April 20 1932) is a U.S. administrator. He served as the United States Secretary of the Army between 1975 and 1977.
 Sabriya is a 1997 film.Sabriya is part of the project Africa Dreaming a chronicle of Africa in six acts six contemporary stories which share the theme of love. They are psychological of social dramas presented in the specific cultural and traditional contexts of each of the six countries represented: South Africa Zimbabwe Namibia Mozambique Mauritania and Senegal.
 Live'r Than You'll Ever Be is a recording of a show by The Kleptones at the 2007 Bestival. The title is taken from the celebrated 1969 Rolling Stones bootleg.
 James Edward Smith (December 25 1831 – March 9 1892) was the mayor of Toronto in 1867.Born in London England Smith came to Toronto with his family in 1841. He was a manager of the British Empire Life Insurance Company. He was elected to the Toronto City Council in 1857 for the St. John's ward and served until appointed mayor by his fellow Councillors in 1867. He was mayor until 1869 when he was re-elected to the City Council. He remained in Council until 1870 when he retired.
 Eoconodon is an extinct genus of triisodontid mesonychid that existed during the early Paleocene of North America. Characteristics of the genus include massive jaws blunt builds and strong canine .
 St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church and Rectory is a church listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Northwest Portland Oregon USA.
 Kamulah Satu-Satunya is a 2007 Indonesian comedy film directed by Hanung Bramantyo and starring Nirina Zubir and Didi Petet. The film premiered on July 12 2007 in Jakarta.
 Graphium is a genus of mostly tropical swallowtail butterflies commonly known as swordtails kite swallowtails or ladies. Native to Eurasia Africa and Oceania the genus is represented by over 100 species. Their coloration is as variable as the habitats they frequent; from rainforest to savannah. Some possess tails which may be long and swordlike while others lack any hindwing extensions.
 Saint George of Samatya or Surp Kevork (Armenian: Սամաթիոյ Սուրբ Գէորգ Եկեղեցի; Turkish name: Sulu Manastiri meaning: Water Monastery) is an Armenian church in Istanbul.The edifice built between 1866 and 1887 has been erected above the substructure of a Byzantine church and monastery built in the eleventh century. The complex dedicated to St.
 The yellow-brown wrasse Thalassoma lutescens is a species of wrasse native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans where they are found from Sri Lanka to the Hawaiian Islands and from southern Japan to Australia. An inhabitant of coral reefs it occurs in schools at depths from 1 to 30 m (3.3 to 98.4 ft). It can reach 30 cm (12 in) in total length. This species is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Urhobo Vanguard is a Nigerian newspaper. It is the flagship newspaper of Urhobo Vanguard Publishing Ltd and was first published on 21 January 2012. It has its headquarters in Warri Delta and Abuja.As of 2013 it has a circulation of 5000 copies a wide reach in Delta State for the print version and a world wide reach for the online version. It has a printing plant in Warri.
 Ophicardelus costellaris is a species of small air-breathing land snail or salt marsh snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Ellobiidae.
 Unknown is a 2006 American crime-thriller film directed by Colombian filmmaker Simon Brand and starring Jim Caviezel Greg Kinnear Bridget Moynahan Joe Pantoliano and Barry Pepper about a group of men kidnapped and locked in a factory with no memory of how they arrived there. Piecing together information around them they realize that some were kidnapped and some were the kidnappers.
 The Pinnacle (formerly the Bishopsgate Tower) is a skyscraper in London whose construction began in 2008 but is currently on hold subject to approval of a re-design.
 South Tryon Square is an office and retail building in Charlotte North Carolina located at 201 and 237 South Tryon Street. Incorporating the 14-story former Barclays American building built in 1961 it has 236697 square feet (21989.9 m2) of office and retail space and a 698-space parking deck. It includes gray and green granite and green glass with ornamental metal.
 Peur sur la ville (also known as Fear Over the City and The Night Caller) is a 1975 French crime film directed by Henri Verneuil.
 Libá formerly Libštejn (German: Liebenstein) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 In Torment in Hell is the sixth studio album by American death metal band Deicide. It was released on September 25 2001 on Roadrunner Records. The album received strong criticism from the metal underground for what many critics view as rushed production and lackluster songwriting. The label pressured the band for a quick follow-up to Insineratehymn but Deicide failed to meet the deadline of its original release date of July 31.
 Coleoxestia denticornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 The Štefan Kukura Hospital and Polyclinic in Michalovce (Slovak: Nemocnica s poliklinikou Štefana Kukuru abbreviated to NsP-SKM) is a Slovak public hospital located in the Michalovce municipality in the Kosice Region in the far east close to the border with Ukraine. The current director of the hospital is Dr. Peter Rovder.
 Bitchin' is the seventh studio album by the American hard rock band The Donnas released in 2007 on their own label Purple Feather and released through RedEye. It is their first album since leaving Atlantic Records. The record was produced by Jay Ruston (Polyphonic Spree Metal Skool Meat Loaf) and The Donnas. Two of the tracks Wasted and Here For The Party cowritten with hit songwriter Holly Knight(Love Is A Battlefield Obsession The Warrior) were coproduced with her.
 Cardin in Australia is a 1968 Australian film. It won the 1967 Australian Film Institute award for Best Documentary.
 The Voyage of the Space Beagle (1950) is a classic novel of science fiction by A. E. van Vogt in the space opera subgenre.The novel is a fix-up compilation of four previously published SF stories:Black Destroyer (cover story of the July 1939 issue of Astounding magazine—the first published SF by A. E.
 Made in Italy is a 1965 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Nanni Loy.
 Sople [ˈsɔplɛ] (Ukrainian: Соплі Sopli) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Wielkie Oczy 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Lubaczów and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Babalo is a village in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 The Valea Pustie River is a tributary of the Cârțibașu Mare River in Romania.
 Ipos: Book of Angels Volume 14 is an album by the Dreamers performing compositions from John Zorn's second Masada book The Book of Angels.
 Kasare (Marathi: कासारे) is a small village in Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra India. This village is located near Takli Dhokeshwar.
 030 or [030] Magazin Berlin is a free ad-supported German magazine from Berlin. Its name refers to the dialing code of the city. It was founded on 6 October 1994 and provides information about movies concerts parties sports and new media. It is published every two weeks. The print run is 52000 pieces.
 Ciuacoatl Mons is a mountain on Venus. Its name is derived from the Aztec fertility goddess.sv:Ciuacoatl Mons
 Whiteside Barnett and Co. Agricultural Works also known as Canal-Front Warehouse is a historic factory and warehouse complex located at Brockport in Monroe County New York. It is a largely intact and rare surviving example of the brownstone industrial building that once lined the banks of the Erie Canal at Brockport. It is also the only surviving building related to the local reaper manufacturing industry.
 The Felix G. Hansford House was built in 1824 by Mr. Felix G. Hansford.He was the president of the Giles Fayette and Kanawha Turnpike Company.This is the oldest building in the town of Hansford West Virginia.The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is rumoured that relatives of George Washington (the First President of the USA) once stayed in this house but proof is limited and lacks legitimacy.
 The Teal River is a river of the Nelson Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from its origins in hilly country to the west of the city of Nelson to reach the Wakapuaka River.
 A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon is a 2001 film written produced and directed by Nashville-based filmmaker Bart Sibrel.
 The Murder of Biggie Smalls is a non-fiction true crime book by author and journalist Cathy Scott. Published in October 2000 by St. Martin's Press it covers the March 9 1997 murder in a drive-by shooting of the late rapper Christopher Wallace (a k a Biggie Smalls The Notorious B.I.G. and Big Poppa).
 Serra d'Irta (Valencian pronunciation: [ˈsɛra ˈðiɾta] Spanish: Sierra de Irta) is a 18.8 km long mountain range in the Baix Maestrat comarca Valencian Community Spain. Its highest point is Pic Campanilles (573 m).
 The Garcia River is a river on the northern coast of California in southern Mendocino County. The river's watershed covers 144 square miles (370 km2) and its mainstem is 44 miles (71 km) long. The watershed receives 45 inches (1100 mm) of precipitation per year near the coast and 75 inches (1900 mm) inland. The watershed's elevation ranges from sea level near the ocean to 2470 feet (750 m) in the Coast Range.
 Restaurant Duinrand was a restaurant located in Drunen in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1985-1995.First owner and head chef was Menno Huybrechts. In 1992 he sold the restaurant to Wulf Engel.The restaurant closed down in 2002 due to bankruptcy.
 Freedom on the Wallaby Henry Lawson's well known poem was written as a comment on the 1891 Australian shearers' strike and published by William Lane in the Worker in Brisbane 16 May 1891. The last two stanzas of the poem were read out by Frederick Brentnall MP on 15 July 1891 in the Queensland Legislative Council during a 'Vote of Thanks' to the armed police who broke up the Barcaldine strike camp. There were calls in the chamber for Lawson's arrest for sedition.
 The Somoș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Republika (English: Republic) is a newspaper published in Albania. Republika is daily newspaper and is part of R Group.al Society Ltd..
 Harmony Lessons (Kazakh: Асланның сабақтары Russian: Уроки гармонии) is a 2013 Kazakh-German drama film directed by Emir Baigazin. The film premiered in competition at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival where Aziz Zhambakiyev won the award for an outstanding artistic contribution.
 The Buried Pyramid is a book written in 2004 by Jane Lindskold and published by Tom Doherty Associates.
 Dark Past is the third studio album by Seattle-based band Brite Futures released on November 1 2011 through Turnout LLC. It was available for purchase through various formats - CD vinyl and digital download. The album also came with an optional package of merchandise which included a t-shirt sunglasses and a poster. This was the final studio album released by the band.
 Eichenberger Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Spectre is a 1977 made-for-television movie produced by Gene Roddenberry. It was co-written by Roddenberry and Samuel A. Peeples and directed by Clive Donner.
 A.K. 56 is a Kannada language film by action film director Om Prakash Rao. It is Rao's 25th film. Rao had directed AK-47 (film) starring shivaraj Kumar. The film is produced by the Indian film company Silver Screen Pictures as their premiere venture.It is Siddanth's second Kannada movie and is estimated to be one of the most expensive Kannada film's ever made. The scheduled release date for AK56 is 10 February 2012. The film is the Big Budget film in Kannada Cinema Industry of 12 crores.
 Patrick Henry Mall is a shopping mall in Newport News Virginia. It is located on Interstate 64 Westbound and Jefferson Ave (Virginia State Route 143) at exit 255A. The mall is anchored by Dillard's Dick's Sporting Goods J. C. Penney and Macy's.
 Chinchayqucha (Quechua chincha chinchay north northern chinchay ocelot qucha lake lagoon northern lake or ocelot lake hispanicized spelling Chinchaycocha) or Junín Lake (Spanish Lago Junín named after the town Junín the center of the ancient Repartimiento de Chinchaycocha) is the largest lake entirely within Peru. Even though Lake Titicaca has a much larger area its eastern half is located on Bolivian territory.
 Igarapé Riozinho is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 The Best Of Nik Kershaw (1993) is an album by Nik Kershaw. It contains selected 12 inch mixes B-sides album tracks and his hits. It is released under the Music Club Internation label.
 Englishkaran (Tamil: இங்கிலிஷ்காரன் meaning English Man) is a 2005 Tamil film. It casts Sathyaraj in the lead role. English Karan with the tagline Tamizh Vazhga is a film from the hit combo from Sathyaraj and Shakthi Chidambaram whose earlier ventures Ennama Kannu and Maha Nadigan were hits. Like other Sathyaraj films Englishkaaran also has humor glamour lots of puns and is based on a strong theme paced with whimsy humor.
 Colm Peter Imbert (born 30 July 1957) is a politician from Trinidad and Tobago a member of the House of Representatives of Trinidad and Tobago and the People's National Movement (PNM).
 St. Mary's Church Radcliffe on Trent is a parish church in the Church of England in Radcliffe on Trent Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 Valikan (Persian: وليكن‎ also Romanized as Valīkan) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 8 families.
 Guty [ˈɡutɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) northwest of Giżycko and 84 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia). This Area is well known for its attempts at secession and its desire to be made an independent country. Its struggle for sovereignty has been thus far unsuccessful.
 Coluzea berthae is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Sparagmia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Jim Dunn (born 1942) is an American politician and a former member of the Washington House of Representatives. He represented the 17th Legislative District from 1996-2003 and 2006-2009. He is a member of the Republican Party.
 I Want You is a 1951 film directed by Mark Robson taking place in America during the Korean War. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound (Gordon E. Sawyer).
 Mabuya nigropunctata is a species of skink found in South America. It has shiny bronze or copper skin with a dark longitudinal stripe along each flank that is often bordered by cream-colored lines.It was until recently confused with M. bistriata many populations of which have since been reassigned to M. nigropunctata. It may also be considered a synonym with the closely related M. mabouya which is found in the Caribbean.
 La Settimana Enigmistica is a weekly Italian puzzle magazine published since 1932 in Italy and distributed also in other European countries.
 Qabeleh (Persian: قبله‎) is a village in Pir Yusefian Rural District in the Central District of Alborz County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Zoot Suit Murders by Thomas Sanchez is a murder mystery set in Los Angeles of the 1940s and employing the true historical events of the Zoot suit riots as a backdrop.
 Michel'le is the debut album by singer Michel'le. The album was released in 1989 for Ruthless Records and was produced by Dr. Dre and DJ Yella (both of N.W.A) and executive produced by Eazy-E (also a member of N.W.A). The album was a huge success for Michel'le making it to #35 on the Billboard 200 and #5 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and was certified Gold by the RIAA.
 The Dumbrava River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 Miguel Ángel Toma (born September 18 1949) is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician.Toma earned degrees in Philosophy and Theology at the San Miguel campus of the Jesuit Universidad del Salvador. He was an early supporter of Antonio Cafiero's Peronist Renewal faction within the Justicialist Party and was elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies for the City of Buenos Aires in 1985. He served in the defense and security committees.
 Malek Baghi (Persian: ملك باغي‎ also Romanized as Malek Bāghī; also known as Malik Poweh) is a village in Khenejin Rural District in the Central District of Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Richard Joseph Bloomfield (27 August 1927 - 22 November 2011) was a career Foreign Service Officer who served as United States Ambassador to Ecuador (1976 - 1978) and United States Ambassador to Portugal (1978 - 1982). After retiring from the US Foreign Service in 1982 he became executive director of the World Peace Foundation (1982 - 1992).
 Qarah Qanlu (Persian: قره قانلو‎ also Romanized as Qarah Qānlū) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 417 in 95 families.
 Pavoclinus graminis the Grass klipfish is a species of clinid found along the coast of southern Africa from Inhambane Mozambique to False Bay South Africa. It is mostly found in tide pools where it prefers weedy areas. It can reach a maximum length of 16 centimetres (6.3 in) TL.
 The Prospect Point Park observation tower is a tower located in Niagara Falls New York USA and just east of the American Falls. The tower stands at 282 feet (86 m) with the base at the gorge level and visitors entering at the ground level from Prospect Point Park. It sees eight million visitors annually.The tower is constructed of aluminum glass and steel.The tower was originally built in 1961 and extensively refurbished in 2001.
 Gródek Szlachecki [ˈɡrudɛk ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Siemień 9 km (6 mi) south-west of Parczew and 40 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Spiegel Grove also known as Spiegel Grove State Park Rutherford B. Hayes House Rutherford B. Hayes Summer Home and Rutherford B. Hayes State Memorial was the estate of Rutherford B. Hayes the nineteenth President of the United States located at the corner of Hayes and Buckland Avenues in Fremont Ohio. Spiegel is the German and Dutch word for mirror. The traditional story is that the estate was named by Sardis Birchard an uncle of Rutherford B.
 Cyk [t͡sɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Szydłowo 6 km (4 mi) west of Piła and 85 km (53 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Van Abbemuseum is a museum of modern and contemporary art located in central Eindhoven Netherlands on the east bank of the Dommel river. Established in 1936 the Abbe Museum is named after its founder Henri van Abbe. Van Abbe was a lover of modern art and wanted to enjoy it there from Eindhoven.
 Mount King Edward is a mountain located at the head of the Athabasca River valley in Jasper National Park Canada. Mt. King Edward is situated on the Continental Divide with Mt. Columbia 5½ km east. The mountain was named in 1906 by Mary Schaffer after King Edward VII.Mt. King Edward should not be confused with King Edward Peak 2789 m (9150 ft) just north of the US border although it too was named after King Edward.
 The Vinyl Cafe Family Pack (2011) is a 4-CD album by Stuart McLean released by Vinyl Cafe Productions.This is a collection of some of the most loved most requested Dave and Morley Stories featuring the family at the centre of the popular CBC Radio show The Vinyl Cafe.
 The Story of Saiunkoku (彩雲国物語 Saiunkoku Monogatari lit. Tale of the Kingdom of Colored Clouds) is a series of Japanese light novels written by Sai Yukino and illustrated by Kairi Yura. As of July 2011 the eighteenth and final volume was released concluding the series.
 How Great Is Your Love is a 2009 zydeco album by Sean Ardoin and his Christian zydeco band R.O.G.K. - the acronym stands for Reflections Of God’s Kingdom. The album was one of the first notable zydeco gospel albums.
 Sudden Fear is a 1952 American thriller film noir directed by David Miller and starring Joan Crawford and Jack Palance in a tale about a successful woman who marries a murderous man. The screenplay by Lenore J. Coffee and Robert Smith was based upon the novel of the same name by Edna Sherry.
 Cyclommatus scutellaris is a beetle of the Family Lucanidae.
 French Creek (also known as the Venango River) is a tributary of the Allegheny River in northwestern Pennsylvania and western New York in the United States.
 La Promenade du sceptique (English translation: The Promenade of the Skeptic or simply The Skeptic's Walk) is a book by Denis Diderot completed in 1747. It was first published in 1830. The book is separated into two parts; the first being a critique of religion and the second a philosophical debate.
 George Khaniri is a Kenyan politician. He belongs to the Orange Democratic Movement and was elected to represent the Hamisi Constituency in the National Assembly of Kenya since the Kenyan parliamentary election 2007.
 The King William Ale House is an historic public house situated on King Street in Bristol England. It dates from 1670 and was originally part of a row of three houses. It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.
 I Wouldn't Be in Your Shoes is a 1948 American film noir directed by William Nigh starring Don Castle and Elyse Knox.
 Niji (虹 Rainbow) is the third studio album by Japanese recording artist Yui Aragaki. It was released on September 22 2010.
 Not Forgotten is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel.
 Saint Peter's is the ancient parish church of Harborne Birmingham England.
 Kręsk [krɛ̃sk] (German: Kranz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Stawiguda and 12 km (7 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Renun River is a river in southern Sumatra Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Simpang-kiri River.
 Larm (Persian: لارم‎ also Romanized as Lārm) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District Susan District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Life in Leipzig is a live album by Norwegian pianist Ketil Bjørnstad and guitarist Terje Rypdal recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM label in 2008.
 Chelanab (Persian: چلناب‎ also Romanized as Chelanāb Chelānāb Chalnab and Chelnāb; also known as Chanbālyākh  Chelleh Nāb Chinaliakh and Chinalyakh) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 200 in 44 families.
 Zonotylus interruptus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Zonotylus.
 The Journal News is a newspaper in New York serving the suburban New York City counties of Westchester Rockland and Putnam a region known as the Lower Hudson Valley. It is owned by the Gannett Company Inc.
 Disco is a French film directed by Fabien Onteniente which was released on 2 April 2008 with Franck Dubosc as Didier Travolta in the main role.The main subject of this movie is the rebirth of disco music at the mid-2000s in a town of France. The film is at first humorous with a lot of clichés about Saturday Night Fever but it doesn't disparage the disco culture at any time.
 Hallucinations is the debut album by the German death metal band Atrocity. It was released in 1990 by Roadrunner Records.The CD includes the Blue Blood EP. It was produced by Scott Burns.
 Elizabeth Anne Liz Cunningham is an Australian politician. She has been an independent member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland since 1995 representing the electorate of Gladstone.
 See Forever Eyes is the second release by Canadian rock band Prism. It was released in 1978 (see 1978 in music) by Canadian record label GRT. It was produced by Bruce Fairbairn.N-N-N-No! and You're Like The Wind are both credited to Rodney Higgs (Jim Vallance) as songwriter. Allan Harlow contributed two songs Flyin' and Take Me Away. Hall and Mitchell are credited with See Forever Eyes.
 Because of You is the debut album by American singer Tony Bennett. It was originally released in 1952 on Columbia as CL 6221 then reissued in 1956 (CL 2550) as part of House Party Series.
 Skøelv Chapel (Norwegian: Skøelv kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Sørreisa in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Skøelva. The church is part of the Sørreisa parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1966 and it was designed by Petter Bratli to seat about 100 people.
 High Grass Circus is a 1976 National Film Board of Canada documentary film co-directed by Tony Ianzelo and Torben Schioler exploring 24 hours in the life of the Royal Brothers' traveling circus. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 The West Canfield Historic District is a neighborhood historic district located primarily on Canfield Avenue between Second and Third Streets in Detroit Michigan. A boundary increase enlarged the district to include buildings on Third Avenue between Canfield and Calumet. The district was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1970 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971; a boundary increase was added in 1997.
 Bernstein Castle is a historical building in Bernstein im Burgenland Austria first mentioned in the 13th century.
 Guy Coëme (born Bettincourt 21 August 1946) is a Francophone Belgian politician for the Socialist Party (PS).Coëme served as minister of defence in the government Martens VIII and IX. In the first cabinet Dehaene he was promoted to deputy prime minister and served as minister of transport. In 1993 he came under pressure due to the Agusta scandal investigation which led to his resignation in 1994. He was later rehabilitated and he currently serves as mayor of Waremme.
 Margarette Faye Riggins Leach (December 4 1926 – December 23 2007) was a United States Democratic politician from West Virginia best known for being a faithless elector during 1988 United States presidential election.She pledged to vote for Michael Dukakis for President of the United States and Lloyd Bentsen for Vice President of the United States.
 The Elkhorn Mountains are a mountain range in southwestern Montana part of the Rocky Mountains and are roughly 300000 acres (1200 km²) in size. It is an inactive volcanic mountain range with the highest point being Crow Peak at 9414 ft (2869 m) right next to Elkhorn Peak 9381 ft (2859 m). The range is surrounded by the cities of Helena Montana City Townsend Whitehall and Boulder and is part of the Helena National Forest in Montana's Jefferson County.
 Black & White 050505 is Scottish rock group Simple Minds' fourteenth studio album released in the UK on 12 September 2005.It is the second Simple Minds studio album (the first one being Neapolis) not officially released in the US.The song The Jeweller Pt. 2 is a reworked re-recorded version of Jeweller to the Stars from the semi-canceled album Our Secrets Are The Same.The recording sessions for the album ended on 5 May 2005 hence the number in the album's title.
 James M. Thurmond (February 22 1836 - March 14 1882) attorney was mayor of Dallas Texas 1879 - 1880.
 Shakhtan (Persian: شختان‎ also Romanized as Shakhtān) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 35 families.
 Adélaïde is a French drama film directed by Jean-Daniel Simon and starring Ingrid Thulin Jean Sorel and Sylvie Fennec. In English it is sometimes known as The Depraved. It was based on a novella by Joseph-Arthur de Gobineau and produced by Pierre Kalfon.
 Slate Quarry Road Dutch Barn is a historic dutch barn located at Rhinecliff Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1790 and is a large nearly square H frame building. It is sheathed in horizontal weatherboarding and has a gable roof. It has one main story with a spacious hayloft.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Abbottabad is a poem by Major James Abbott who wrote the work about his experience of living in the area before leaving it. He was impressed by beauty of the area. The Pakistani city Abbottabad which he founded (then capital of the Hazara District of British India) is named after him. A plaque commemorating his poem is displayed at Lady Garden Park within the city.Etymology: The name of the city Abbottabad is a compound contain two words Abbott and Abad.
 St Philip's Hospital is a 100-bedded capacity hospital located in Santa Venera.
 The Stone sheep (or Stone's sheep) Ovis dalli stonei is a more southern subspecies of Dall sheep Ovis dalli a sheep native to northwestern North America slate brown in color with some white patches on the rump and inside of the hind legs and having curved yellowish brown horns.Stone's Sheep are primarily found in Northern British Columbia and can often be seen by travellers licking minerals along the side of the Alaska Highway in areas such as Summit Lake Stone Mountain Provincial Park and Muncho Lake Provincial Park.Female Stone's Sheep are called Ewes (Pronounced /Yous/) while the male of the species are called rams.
 Shamshir (Persian: شمشير‎ also Romanized as Shamshīr) is a village in Shamshir Rural District in the Central District of Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2097 in 493 families.
 12 Gardens Live is a Sony music compilation of songs performed by American singer/songwriter Billy Joel during a record run of twelve sold-out concerts at Madison Square Garden in New York City in early 2006. It was released on June 13 2006.Although some of the singer's best known hits are on the album many of them are transposed into a different key (often lower) to accommodate Joel's deepening voice.
 Poseidonis is a collection of fantasy short stories by Clark Ashton Smith edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the fifty-ninth volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in July 1973. It was the fourth themed collection of Smith's works assembled by Carter for the series. The stories were originally published in various fantasy magazines in the 1930s and 1940s notably Weird Tales.
 Heart of the Rio Grande is a 1942 American Western film directed by William Morgan and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette Fay McKenzie and Edith Fellows. Based on a story by Newlin B. Wildes the film is about a singing cowboy and dude ranch foreman who helps a spoiled teenager and her business tycoon father discover what is most important in life.
 Inspector Hornleigh Goes To It is a 1941 British detective film directed by Walter Forde and starring Gordon Harker Alastair Sim Phyllis Calvert and Edward Chapman. It was the third and final film adaptation of the Inspector Hornleigh stories.It was released in America by 20th-Century Fox under the title Mail Train.
 Hyalornis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Erkak is a 2005 Uzbekistani drama film directed by Yusup Razykov. It was entered into the 27th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Western Bluebill (Spermophaga haematina) is a common species of estrildid finch found in Africa. It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of 1900000 km².It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Côte d'Ivoire Equatorial Guinea Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Mali Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone and Togo.
 Diamond Trail is a 1933 American film directed by Harry L. Fraser.
 Oratory of Our Mother of Perpetual Help Chapel was an oratory which celebrated the Extraordinary Form of the Roman Rite of the Roman Catholic Church.
 Servants' Entrance (1934) is a musical comedy movie starring Janet Gaynor. The movie was written by Samson Raphaelson from the Sigrid Boo novel and directed by Frank Lloyd with a cartoon sequence by Walt Disney in which an understandably startled Gaynor sings a song while obstreperous animated singing silverware prance around on her bed an early example of combining live action with animation.
 La Primera Noche (English: The First Night) is a 2003 Colombian film directed by Luis Alberto Restrepo. The film won 18 International Awards and was Colombia's submission for the Academy Awards in the Best Foreign Language Film category in 2004. Even though the movie was highly acclaimed after being released in some festivals throughout the United States it never made it to big theaters.
 Leuronoma is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 White Man is a lost 1924 American silent drama film directed by Louis J. Gasnier. The film is set in a diamond mine in South Africa. The film marked Clark Gable's debut.
 Kuh Mal (Persian: كوه مال‎ also Romanized as Kūh Māl) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Good Die Young (1954) is a crime thriller film made in the United Kingdom by Remus Films featuring a number of American characters. It was directed by Lewis Gilbert. The screenplay was based on the book of the same name written by Richard Macaulay.The cast includes Laurence Harvey Joan Collins Stanley Baker and Richard Basehart.
 St. Joseph Old Cathedral is a parish church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oklahoma City located in downtown Oklahoma City Oklahoma United States. It was the seat of the Diocese of Oklahoma City from 1905-1931 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The church building was severely damaged during the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995.
 Taiyafeh-ye Ali Jan (Persian: طايفه علي جان‎ also Romanized as Ţāīyafeh-ye ʿAlī Jān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 The Chinese Bungalow is a 1930 British drama film directed by Arthur Barnes and J.B. Williams and starring Matheson Lang Jill Esmond and Anna Neagle. It was based on the play The Chinese Bungalow. While working on the film J.B. Williams convinced the actress Marjorie Robertson to change her name to Anna Neagle the name under which she would become the most popular British actress in the 1940s.
 The Yellow River or Huang He is the second-longest river in Asia following the Yangtze River and the sixth-longest in the world at the estimated length of 5464 km (3395 mi). Originating in the Bayan Har Mountains in Qinghai province of western China it flows through nine provinces and it empties into the Bohai Sea near the city of Dongying in Shandong province.
 Disposición Final (Spanish: Final disposal) is a 2012 Argentine book by Ceferino Reato. It contains a long interview with Jorge Rafael Videla de facto president of Argentina during the National Reorganization Process and sentenced to life imprisonment for Dirty War offenses. Videla detailed the reasons and procedures of the military government and Reato provided the historical context.
 Selizharovka (Russian: Селижа́ровка) is a river in Tver Oblast Russia a left tributary of the Volga River. It is one of the uppermost substantial tributaries of the Volga. A settlement of Selizharovo is located at its mouth.
 Andrea Mágori or Mrs. József Mágori (née Balogi; born May 1 1952) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Makó (Csongrád County Constituency VII) since 2010. She is a member of the Committee on Consumer Protection since May 14 2010.
 Primrose Path is a 1940 film about a young woman determined not to follow the profession of her mother and grandmother prostitution. It stars Ginger Rogers and Joel McCrea. The film was based on the play of the same name by Robert L. Buckner and Walter Hart and the novel February Hill by Victoria Lincoln (uncredited for legal reasons).Marjorie Rambeau was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
 Claybrook C. Cottingham (May 4 1881 – August 17 1949) was an educator who served as the third president of Southern Baptist-affiliated Louisiana College in Pineville and the tenth president of Louisiana Tech University in Ruston Louisiana.
 Orthogonius capucinus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Boheman in 1848.
 ...And Six Dark Hours Pass is an LP by the American industrial band ATelecine released in 2010 by Dais Records.It was recorded and mixed at the Gayblade and NTBH Sounds and limited to 500 hand-numbered copies.
 20 successi di Mina is a compilation album by Italian singer Mina issued in 1964.The songs of this album were all taken from the first six albums published between 1960 and 1963 except Vulcano that was published in 1963 only on a 45rpm record.
 SS Politician is a compilation album by the band Oi Polloi. It was released in 2010 on Skuld Records. Parts of the release are written in the Scottish Gaelic language. It includes the Mind The Bollocks EP their side of the split with Israeli punk band Nikmat Olalim a compilation track and an extended version of SS Politician.
 The Königsstuhl National Park Centre (German: Nationalpark-Zentrum Königsstuhl) is the visitor centre for the Jasmund National Park on the German Baltic Sea island of Rügen. It was opened in 2004 and with around 300000 visitors per year (as at 2008) is one of the most popular national park centres in Germany.Its aim is to provide information on the national park and to bring alive the uniqueness and beauty of nature for its visitors without significantly damaging the ecology of the park.
 Cotuhé River (Spanish pronunciation: [kotuˈe]) is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin and is a tributary of the Putumayo River.
 The yellow-cheeked gibbon (Nomascus gabriellae) also called the golden-cheeked gibbon yellow-cheeked crested gibbon the golden-cheeked crested gibbon or the buffed-cheeked gibbon is a species of gibbon native to Vietnam Laos and Cambodia.The yellow-cheeked gibbon is born blond and later turns black and males carry this colouring through their lifespan and have the distinguishing golden cheeks; females are born blonde to blend into their mother's fur but they later turn black and turn back to blond at sexual maturity and only have a black cap on the top of their heads.This diurnal and arboreal gibbon lives in primary tropical rainforest foraging for fruits using brachiation to move through the trees.The yellow-cheeked gibbon like all gibbon species has a unique song which is usually initiated by the male.[citation needed] The female will then join in and sing with the male to reinforce their bond and announce to other gibbons that they are a pair in a specific territory. 
 Prodontria is a beetle genus in the family Scarabaeidae. Species include: Prodontria lewisi
 Alberto Villavert y Arcega (25 April 1903 – 1 March 1984) was a Filipino Politician who led the Philippine Province of Antique between 1937 to 1946 both as an appointed and elected Governor. He was first elected as presidente municipal (town mayor) of Antique's capital town of San Jose in 1928 and was the youngest presidente municipal in his time at the age of 24 and then became governor of the province in 1937. Villavert became an Antique Representative of the National Assembly from 1943-1944.
 Emmanuel Episcopal Church is an historic church building at 50 Emmanuel Church Road in Killingworth Connecticut.
 Landau is a large lunar crater that is located in the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It was named after physicist Lev Landau. The crater Wegener is attached to the northeastern rim. Attached to the southeastern rim is Frost.The outer rim of Landau is heavily eroded and modified by subsequent impacts. The most notable of these is Wood which overlays the northwest rim. Much of the floor is hilly and irregular with only the northeast quadrant being somewhat level.
 Seif Palace (Arabic قصر السيف) is a palace in Kuwait City Kuwait. Located opposite the Grand Mosque one of Seif Palace’s best-known features is the watch tower covered in blue tiles and with a roof plated in pure gold. Local materials such as clay rocks limestone wood and metals were used in its construction.
 Home is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Sevendust released on August 24 1999 through TvT Records. The album appeared on the Billboard 200 remained there for fourteen weeks and peaked at 19 on September 11 1999. Home was certified gold on May 18 2000 through the Recording Industry Association of America. The album features thirteen tracks on the United States release and sixteen tracks on the Japan release with two tracks featuring artists outside of Sevendust.
 A Woman of Independent Means is an 1995 TV mini-series starring Sally Field. Sally Field also producer. Field was nominated for Emmy Award Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Awards. The series was also nominated in the category Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Miniseries and Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Casting for a Miniseries Movie or a Special and won Emmy for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Costume Design for a Miniseries or a Special in 1995.
 Lake Cohoha is a small lake in central Africa. It straddles the border between Burundi and Rwanda.
 Gracjanów [ɡrat͡sˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Rideau Street Chapel at Waller Street at Besserer Street as part of the Convent of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart on Rideau Street in Ottawa Ontario Canada. The chapel for the Convent was designed by Rev. Georges Bouillon 1887-88. The chapel was dismantled in 1972 and was rebuilt inside the National Gallery of Canada in 1987-88.
 Half-Blood Blues (styled without the hyphen in the UK edition) is a fictional work written by Canadian writer Esi Edugyan and first published in June 2011 by Serpent’s Tail. The book's dual narrative centers around Sidney Sid Griffiths a journeyman blues bassist. Griffiths' friend and bandmate Hieronymus Hiero Falk is caught on the wrong side of 1939 Nazi ideology and is essentially lost to history.
 Coleophora palifera is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Mongolia.
 Kinkaid Lake is a reservoir located in southwestern Illinois. Entirely within Jackson County the lake is approximately 5 miles (8.0 km) northwest of Murphysboro and 100 miles (160 km) southeast of St. Louis.
 Gymneleotris seminuda the Splitbanded goby is a species of goby native to the Pacific coast of the Americas from Baja California to Ecuador. This species can be found on rock or rubble reefs with growths of algae at a depth of from 1 to 23 metres (3.3 to 75.5 ft). This species grows to a length of 5 centimetres (2.0 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Self Help (published as Pravda in the US) is a novel by English author Edward Docx published in 2007 by Picador; it won Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize that year and was also long-listed for the Man Booker Prize. The novel has received positive reviews his description of cities being compared to both Dickens and Dostoevsky.
 Roak Block is an historic site at 144-170 Main Street in Auburn Maine.The Second Empire style block was built in 1871 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Cochylimorpha mongolicana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Central Asia (Transcaspia: Tura Saisan Kuldja Turkestan).
 Helen Miller is the Iowa State Representative from the 9th District. A Democrat she has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2003.
 John C. McKinley (November 20 1859 – May 1 1927) was a lawyer and Republican politician from the state of Missouri. He was the state's 26th Lieutenant Governor as well as a member of the Missouri Senate.
 De Noorderlingen (also known as The Northerners) is a 1992 Dutch film by Alex van Warmerdam.This black comedy takes places in the 1960s in a surreal Dutch new town consisting of only a single street. It tells the story of the people living in this street. Van Warmerdam himself has said that he considers this his best movie. It won him a (Gouden Kalf) for best director and the movie was nominated for the International Fantasy Film Award.
 Mount Gec is a mountain located in the Sunwapta River Valley of Jasper National Park. Gec lies 4 km (2 mi) northwest of Diadem Peak. The mountain was named in 1961 after the first names of the three climbers who made the first ascent — George Ellen Chuck.
 John Louis Taylor (1769–1829) was an American jurist and first Chief Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court.Born in London he is the only foreign-born Chief Justice in state history. He was brought to America at the age of 12 and attended William and Mary College.Taylor was elected to represent Fayetteville North Carolina in the North Carolina House of Commons in 1792 1794 and 1795.
 Jamelia – The Collection is a greatest hits album by British R&B singer Jamelia. The album was released on July 27 2009 on EMI and Emi Gold Records.
 Lamoille Lake is a glacial tarn in the Ruby Mountains in Elko County in the northeastern part of the state of Nevada. It is located at the head of Lamoille Canyon at approximately 40°34.6′N 115°23.7′W and at an elevation of 9740 feet (2970 meters). It has an area of approximately 13.6 acres (5.5 hectares).
 Second Baptist Society of Ulysses now known as Trumansburg Conservatory for the Arts is a historic Baptist church located at Trumansburg in Tompkins County New York. It is composed of a rectangular plan front gable main block built 1849-1851 with a later frame addition with a hipped roof completed about 1902. It measures 54.5 feet wide by 85 feet deep with an additional 10 feet for the porch or verandah.
 The Sibila River is a tributary of the Strâmbu-Băiuţ River in Romania.
 The International Journal of Science and Mathematics Education is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the National Science Council of Taiwan. It covers science and mathematics education topics and research methods particularly ones with cross-curricular dimensions or which explore the area from different cultural perspectives.
 Reuben Richard Figuhr was the 15th President of the Seventh-day Adventist Church General Conference . He was born in Superior Wisconsin USA October 20 1896. He served as Adventist President between 1954 and 1966. He married May Belle Holt. Figuhr died in Napa California on October 28 1983.
 Songs from the Crystal Cave is a 2005 album by Steven Seagal his first. Seagal is credited with Lead Vocals Rhythm and Lead Guitar and appears on the cover and throughout the liner notes emotively playing and posing with a guitar.
 Angus Stanley King Jr. (born March 31 1944) is an American politician and the junior United States Senator from the state of Maine. A political independent he served as the 71st Governor of Maine from 1995 to 2003.King won Maine's 2012 Senate election and took office on January 3 2013. For committee assignment purposes he caucuses with the Democratic Party.
 Grappler Baki (グラップラー刃牙 Gurappurā Baki) or Baki the Grappler is a manga series written and illustrated by Keisuke Itagaki. It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Champion from 1991 to 1999 and collected into 42 tankōbon volumes. It was followed by two sequel series; Baki (バキ Baki) which was serialized from 1999 to 2005 and collected into 31 volumes and Baki Hanma (範馬刃牙 Hanma Baki) which was serialized from 2005 to 2012 and collected into 37 volumes.
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Bozani River in Romania.
 Mirosternus sordidus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Phoronis is one of the two genera of the horseshoe worm family (Phoronidae) in the phylum Phoronida. The body has two sections each with its own coelom. There is a specialist feeding structure the lophophore which is an extension of the wall of the coelom and is surrounded by tentacles. The gut is U-shaped. The diagnostic feature that distinguishes this genus is the lack of epidermal invagination at the base of the lophophore. These worms are filter feeders.Its larva is an Actinotrocha.
 Finally... is One True Thing's debut album.
 Thangachi is a 1987 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by R.Krishnamurthy starring Ramki Pallavi and Seetha in lead roles.
 Genji Monogatari (源氏物語 Genji monogatari) is a Japanese manga version of Murasaki Shikibu's The Tale of Genji by Miyako Maki. In 1989 it received the 34th Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga.
 Offshore (1979) is a novel by Penelope Fitzgerald. It won the Booker Prize for that year. It recalls her time spent on boats in Battersea by the Thames. The novel centralizes around the idea of liminality expanding upon it to include the notion: 'liminal people' people who do not belong to the land or the sea but somewhere in-between.
 Curveulima marshalli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species known to exist within the genus Curveulima.
 The Basilica of the Holy Sacrament (Spanish: Basílica del Santísimo Sacramento) is a Roman Catholic parish church in Colonia del Sacramento Uruguay.
 The Recurve-billed Bushbird (Clytoctantes alixii) is a Thamnophilid antbird that inhabits dense stands of secondary vegetation at the northern end of the Andes in Colombia and Venezuela. It is named for its extraordinary bill which curves upwards. Until 2007 the bird was almost unknown in life and apart from earlier specimens it had only been seen in life once at an army ant swarm in Colombia in 1965.
 The curled octopus (Eledone cirrhosa) is a species of cephalopod found in the sublittoral zone of rocky coasts around the British Isles. It is alternatively known as the lesser octopus or horned octopus.
 Covering 160 square kilometres (62 sq mi) Te Whanga Lagoon dominates the geography of Chatham Island in the South Pacific Ocean off New Zealand's east coast.It is the outflow of several small rivers in the island's hilly south and drains to the Pacific via gaps in Hanson Bay on the east coast of the island.It contains many fossilized shark teeth that can be collected from the edges of the lagoon. Over time the lagoon is likely to silt up.
 Night of the Garter is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Sydney Howard Winifred Shotter and Elsie Randolph. It was based on the play Getting Gertie's Garter by Avery Hopwood and Wilson Collison.
 Uudeküla is a village in Tamsalu Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.Uudeküla Bulldogs RFC is a rugby union club based in Uudeküla.
 Lilo & Stitch 2: Stitch Has a Glitch (credited as just Lilo & Stitch 2 at the start credits) is a 2005 direct-to-video animated film produced by DisneyToon Studios. The film is regarded as the true sequel to the 2002 Disney feature film Lilo & Stitch and taking place before the events of Stitch! The Movie and subsequent additions to the franchise. Like the original film Lilo & Stitch 2 features the music of Elvis Presley and the original film's animation style.
 Hypsopygia violaceomarginalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Caradja in 1935. It is found in China.
 Kimeh-ye Sofla (Persian: كيمه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Kīmeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 1111 Lincoln Road is a parking garage in the South Beach section of Miami Beach Florida designed by the internationally known Swiss architectural firm of Herzog & de Meuron. It is located at the western end of the Lincoln Road Mall at the intersection with Alton Road and can house some 300 cars. Since its opening in 2010 it has attracted considerable interest because its unique appearance is different from more traditional parking garage designs.
 The Daily Astorian is a daily newspaper published in Astoria Oregon United States established in 1873 and in publication continuously since then. The paper serves the Astoria Warrenton Seaside area the Long Beach Peninsula and surrounding areas. The newspaper is published Monday through Friday and has a circulation of approximately 8400.
 The Vadu River is a tributary of the Hodoş River in Romania.
 The Maiden Paps are twin hills near Hawick in the Scottish Borders of the south east of Scotland that have the shape of human breasts. They are located 12 km south of Hawick; the higher pap is 510 m and the lower 500 m high.Although there are some well defined hills like the Maiden Paps the Roxburgh Hills are gently rolling for the most part like much of the Southern Uplands.
 Shilghati (also spelled Silghati) is a panchayat village located in the Gomati district of Tripura state of India. It is famous for its rich flora and fauna.[citation needed] It is situated some 16 kilometers far from Udaipur the nearest main town and lies on the banks of the river Gomati which has its origin on the high altitudes of Boromura hill range and the water which comes passing through the Dumber Hydro-electric Power Dam.[citation needed]
 Outtakes Vol 1 is an mp3-download only compilation of demos and outtakes by Mark Mallman. It is only available through Mark Mallman's website.
 Absolute Midnight is the third book in the New York Times best-selling Abarat series by Clive Barker. It is a dystopian fantasy-adventure which follows the story of Candy Quackenbush and her journeys through the world of the Abarat. The book contains more than 125 full color illustrations. The story continues Candy’s journey in the extraordinary world of the Abarat with familiar friends and new foes.
 The Singles is Feeder's second UK compilation album following the limited release b-sides album Picture of Perfect Youth.The album has 18 of their UK top 40 hit single tracks (if Shatter and Tender are separately counted) with the exception of Day In Day Out and Find The Colour and includes the limited edition Arena Tour single Comfort In Sound and three new tracks Lost And Found Burn The Bridges and Save Us.
 Zigerbergkopf is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps with a height of 2051 metres (6729 ft).
 Neomariania rebeli is a species of moth of the Stathmopodidae family. It is found in Portugal (including Madeira) and on the Canary Islands. The wingspan is 8-14 mm. Adults have been collected from mid July to mid October.
 Ceralocyna nigricornis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Gounelle in 1911.
 Code Noir is a postcyberpunk novel by science fiction author Marianne de Pierres and the Second Parrish Plessis Novel
 Party is a compilation album by Pet Shop Boys released exclusively in Brazil on 4 November 2009.The album was released to coincide with the Brazilian leg of their 2009 Pandemonium tour. The album includes both past hits and some newer material.
 David Jan Skorton (born November 22 1949) is an American professor of medicine and engineering and an academic administrator. He presently serves as the 12th president of Cornell University a position he has held since 2006. Before arriving at Cornell he served as president of the University of Iowa where he was a professor and vice president before his appointment.
 Åvinge is a village in Botkyrka Municipality Stockholm County southeastern Sweden. According to the 2005 census it had a population of 55 people.
 Hnatkowice [xnatkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orły within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Przemyśl and 58 km (36 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Chain-O-Lakes is a village in Roaring River Township Barry County Missouri United States. The population was 126 at the 2010 census.
 Hero Schomerus (24 August 1816 – 25 September 1856) was a Dutch colonial government official who made a career in the administration on the Dutch Gold Coast.
 Didn't You Used to Be... was the only album David Cassidy released on Scotti Brothers Records. The album was released in 1992. Originally titled Didn't You Used to be? is David Cassidy's 9th studio album.
 Cutty Sark (Russian: Катти Сарк) is a novella about the sailing ship Cutty Sark by the Soviet writer and paleontologist Ivan Yefremov. It was written in 1942-1943 and first published in the USSR in 1944.Intrigued by the history of the Cutty Sark Yefremov produced a sketch about her which ended with a beautiful version of dry-docking the legendary tea clipper in the USA. The story was translated into English and other languages.
 Air Commodore (retired) Idongesit Nkanga was governor of Akwa Ibom State in Nigeria from September 1990 to January 1992 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida handing over to en elected civilian Governor at the start of the Nigerian Third Republic.When appointed in 1990 his deputy governor was Obong Ufot Ekaette who later became Secretary to the Government of the Federation.The Akwa Ibom Broadcasting Corporation was established by edict in April 1988.
 The Palhano River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 Dream (Hangul: 비몽; RR: Bimong; MR: Pimong) is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-duk. It is the fifteenth feature film by the director.
 Purius pilumnia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Stoll in 1780. It is found in Costa Rica Panama Venezuela Surinam French Guiana and Brazil.
 Ctenosaura oedirhina commonly known as the Roatán spiny-tailed iguana or de Queiroz's Spiny-tailed Iguana is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.It is endemic to Honduras and the island of Roatán to which one of its common names refers.
 Suillia dumicola is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 Massaemett Mountain is a mountain in Shelburne Massachusetts USA. It is located east of the village of Shelburne Falls.The summit features a historic rock fire tower. Though the top cab is locked the stairway is open to the public as an observation tower and features multiple view points of western Massachusetts southwestern New Hampshire and southern Vermont.The High Ledges Wildlife Sanctuary is located on the northern portion of the mountain.
 Sulubung is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3470. A company named Environment Protection and Alternative Power Development Private Limited has been established in this region which had helped to popularize this village with the plantation of kiwifruit.
 Sorocaba is a genus of moths of the Phiditiidae family.
 Eternity (Chinese: 万世流芳; pinyin: Wàn Shì Liú Fāng) is a controversial 1943 Chinese film made in Japanese-occupied Shanghai during the Second World War.
 Edmund Geilenberg (born 13 January 1906 Witten-Buchholz-Kaempen - died 19 October 1964 Bassum) was a German official of World War II who headed an emergency 1944 decentralization program the Geilenberg Special Staff to disperse Nazi Germany oil production.[citation needed] The program included the Cuckoo project[citation needed] for an underground oil plant to be carved out of the Himmelsburg North of the Mittelwerk as well as plans for an oil facility at Ebensee.
 One Foot Under (Finnish: Toinen jalka haudasta) is a 2009 Finnish film produced by Dionysos Films and directed by Johanna Vuoksenmaa.
 Mount Le Conte (or LeConte) is a mountain in Sevier County Tennessee located in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. At 6593 ft (2010 m) it is the third highest peak in the national park behind Clingmans Dome (6643 ft 2024 m) and Mount Guyot (6621 ft 2018 m). It is also the highest peak that is completely within Tennessee.
 Richard Bolitho Midshipman is a novel in the Bolitho series nautical fiction set in the Royal Navy of the late 18th century by Douglas Reeman writing under the pseudonym Alexander Kent. The book was published in 1975. It was the eighth novel published in the series though it is set earlier than the others at the start of the career of Richard Bolitho.
 Leonidas P. Raptakis (born November 18 1959 in Cranston Rhode Island) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island Senate representing District 33 since January 2013. Raptakis served non-consecutively from January 1997 until January 2011 in the District 20 and 33 seats having served consecutively in the Rhode Island General Assembly from January 1993 until January 1997 in the Rhode Island House of Representatives District 31 seat.
 The Smidele River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Ahmetaq is a village in the municipality of Prezë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Manickam Sabapathy Manickam (Tamil: மா.ச.மாணிக்கம் Ma.Sa. Manickam) (born October 26 1946) is an Indian politician and farmer better known as M. S. M. He is the elder son of the family. Manickam completed his graduation and post-graduation in Arts from Alagappa Arts College Karaikudi in Alagappa University and Pachaiyappa Arts College Chennai Madras University.M. S. Manickam was an Indian politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.
 Shakur Kandi (Persian: شكوركندي‎ also Romanized as Shakūr Kandī) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 475 in 98 families.
 Kabikiejmy Dolne [kabiˈkʲɛi̯mɨ ˈdɔlnɛ] (German Unter Kapkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Dobre Miasto and 16 km (10 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 The First Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church in Fellsmere Florida. It is located at 31 North Broadway Street. It was built in 1924 by local contractor Corydon E. Nourse. In 1996 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Trichromia furva is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana and Surinam.
 Cyclophora sypharioides is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Peru.
 Pava Mannippu (English: Clemency) is a 1961 Indian Tamil language film produced by A. Bhimsingh's Buddha Pictues and starring Shivaji Ganesan Gemini Ganesan Savitri Devika M. R. Radha T. S. Balaiah M. N. Nambiar and S. V. Subbiah The film was the first South Indian film to receive the National Film Award for Second Best Feature Film.
 How to Compose Popular Songs That Will Sell is the fifth solo studio album from Irish singer Bob Geldof. It was released on 12 October 2010. How to Compose Popular Songs That Will Sell is Geldof's first album since 2001's Sex Age & Death and marks his return to the Mercury Records label. The album reached no. 89 on the UK Albums Chart in its week of entry on 13 February 2011.
 The Catherine Wheel is David Byrne's musical score commissioned by Twyla Tharp for her dance project. The Catherine Wheel premiered September 22 1981 at the Winter Garden Theatre in New York City.The tracks Big Blue Plymouth My Big Hands Big Business and What a Day That Was were performed live by Talking Heads in 1982 and 1983; the latter two appear in their Stop Making Sense film and What a Day That Was appears on the album.
 Dancemania X1 a.k.a.
 Snowden EP was released in 2005. It is Snowden's first EP. It contains early versions of songs which would later be reworked and released on their debut album Anti-Anti such as Victim Card and Kill The Power as well as several exclusive songs.
 Jess Carr Gilbert II known as Sonny Gilbert (born March 6 1922) is a retired cotton farmer and a former Democratic member of both houses of the Louisiana State Legislature from the town of Sicily Island in Catahoula Parish in northeastern Louisiana. Gilbert served three consecutive terms in the Louisiana State Senate from 1960 to 1972 having represented Franklin Richland and Catahoula parishes.
 Ciarán Cuffe (born 3 April 1963) is an Irish Green Party politician an architect and a lecturer in planning. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dún Laoghaire constituency from 2002 to 2011 and served as Minister of State for Horticulture; Sustainable Travel; and Planning and Heritage from 2010 to 2011.
 Hamidabad (Persian: حميداباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩamīdābād) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 790 in 150 families.
 New Fist of the North Star (新・北斗の拳 Shin Hokuto no Ken) is a three-episode anime OVA series based on the Fist of the North Star franchise directed by Takashi Watanabe and produced by OB Planning. The story was adapted from Jubaku no Machi (-呪縛の街- The Cursed City) a 1996 Hokuto no Ken novel written by Buronson and Tetsuo Hara set sometime after the conclusion of the original manga. An English dubbed version of the OVA was produced by ADV Films in 2004.
 Różana [ruˈʐana] (German: Lederose) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin within Środa Śląska County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Ka Loko Reservoir is a reservoir created by an earthen dam on the island of Kauai Hawaii. It is located on the north side of the island at 22°10′39″N 159°22′39″W. Waters flow from Ka Loko Reservoir down to Waiakalua Reservoir Waiakalua Stream and down to the Pacific Ocean.Ka Loko (sometimes spelled Kaloko) is notable because its dam burst on March 14 2006. The dam burst was preceded by unusually heavy rain.
 Patrick J. McGinnis (born March 17 1927) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 The Fourche Creek watershed is arguably the most important urban watershed in the state of Arkansas in the United States for ecological economic and social reasons.Tributaries to Fourche Creek include Fourche Bayou Rock Creek Otter Creek Brodie Creek Crooked Creek and Panther Creek as well as several smaller streams.The watershed drains and filters runoff from Little Rock Arkansas’ capital city and drains into Fourche Creek.
 Ron Casey (November 27 1952 – February 16 2014) was an American politician who served in the Missouri House of Representatives from 2004 until 2012. He was a member of the Democratic Party and represented southeastern Jefferson County Missouri. Born in Dayton Texas Casey graduated from Festus High School in 1971. He then went to Tennessee Temple University. He worked for more than 22 years in Jefferson County government.Casey died February 16 2014 at Mercy Hospital St.
 Euerythra virginea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1924. It is found in Argentina.
 The Collegian is the bi-weekly official student publication of Houston Baptist University in Houston Texas. Originally founded in 1963 as a newsletter the publication transitioned into the newspaper format in 1990.
 Cheshmeh Bamuni-ye Charbiyun (Persian: چشمه بموني چربيون‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Bamūnī-ye Charbīyūn) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Dr. Knugelmeister is the debut album by Swedish punk rock band Komplett Arnold. It was recorded in April to May 1991 and was released the same year. The album was remastered in 1998. The no longer available MC edition contained lyrics and fan photos in black and white.
 #10 is an album by the Canadian rock band The Guess Who released in 1973.#10 was overall the band's twelfth studio album but only the tenth to feature lead vocalist Burton Cummings. (Their first two studio albums featured vocalist Chad Allen and were jointly credited to Chad Allen & The Expressions/Guess Who? i.e.
 Susan M. Tracy (born August 24 1960 in Boston Massachusetts) is an American political consultant and politician who represented the 19th Suffolk District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1991 to 1995. She was a candidate in the 1998 Massachusetts 8th congressional district race. She finished eight out of ten candidates in the Democratic primary.
 Trójka [ˈtrui̯ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Miasto within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Stare Miasto 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Konin and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 CentralWorld (Thai: เซ็นทรัลเวิลด์) is a shopping plaza and complex in Bangkok Thailand. It is the sixth largest shopping complex in the world. The complex which includes a hotel and office tower is owned by Central Pattana.
 Zabiele-Piliki [zaˈbjɛlɛ piˈliki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Olszewo-Borki 14 km (9 mi) west of Ostrołęka and 99 km (62 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Bill de Blasio (born Warren Wilhelm Jr.; May 8 1961) is the 109th and current mayor of New York City. From 2010 to 2013 he held the citywide office of New York City Public Advocate which serves as an ombudsman between the electorate and the city government. He formerly served as a New York City Council member representing the 39th District in Brooklyn (Borough Park Carroll Gardens Cobble Hill Gowanus Kensington Park Slope and Windsor Terrace).
 Inindependence is the second album by A Minor Forest.
 Thomas Davenport (1778 - November 17 1838) was a U.S. Representative from Virginia.Born 1778 in Halifax County Virginia where his parents were living by 1783 Davenport completed preparatory studies and received a license to operate as a merchant in Meadville Virginia.
 Psycho is a 1960 American horror-thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock starring Anthony Perkins Vera Miles John Gavin and Janet Leigh.
 Deraz (Persian: دراز‎ also Romanized as Derāz) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 23 families.
 Ruby Red is the third studio album from American musician The Love Language. It was released in July 2013 under Merge Records.
 Mayura (Kannada: ಮಯೂರ) is a 1975 Kannada historical drama film directed by Vijay. It is one of the most popular films of acclaimed Kannada actor Rajkumar who plays the role of Prince Mayurasharma of the Kadamba dynasty the earliest native kingdom to rule over what is today the modern state of Karnataka.
 A Number is a 2002 play by English playwright Caryl Churchill which addresses the subject of human cloning and identity especially nature versus nurture. The story set in the near future is structured around the conflict between a father (Salter) and his sons (Bernard 1 Bernard 2 and Michael Black) – two of whom are clones of the first one.
 Rasa Magan is a 1994 Tamil language film written and directed by Manivannan. The film stars Prashanth and Sivaranjani in the lead roles while Ilaiyaraaja composed the film's music.
 Scrooged is a 1988 American comedy film a modernization of Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol. The film was produced and directed by Richard Donner and the cinematography was by Michael Chapman. The screenplay was written by Mitch Glazer and Michael O'Donoghue. The original music score was composed by Danny Elfman.The film stars Bill Murray with Karen Allen Bobcat Goldthwait John Forsythe Carol Kane John Houseman and Robert Mitchum in supporting roles.
 The finspot wrasse Xenojulis margaritaceus is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific Ocean. It can be found on coral reefs at depths from 2 to 10 m (6.6 to 32.8 ft). This species grows to 10 cm (3.9 in) in standard length. It can also be found in the aquarium trade. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 MVP is a compilation album by various artists. It includes the hit song by Don Omar Dale Don Dale.
 The Whirinaki River is a river of the Hawke's Bay and Bay of Plenty Regions of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally north through the Whirinaki Forest Park and Kaingaroa Forest to reach the Rangitaiki River three kilometres north of Murupara.
 Neurosia: 50 Years of Perversity (German: Neurosia - 50 Jahre pervers ) is a 1992 German film directed by Rosa von Praunheim. The film is a mockumentary an autobiography of Rosa von Praunheim framed as murder mystery in which the director is the victim.
 The Conan Chronicles II is a collection of fantasy novels written by Robert Jordan featuring the sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. The book was published in 1997 by Legend Books and collects three novels originally published by Tor Books.
 Koba Subeliani (Georgian: კობა სუბელიანი) (born October 3 1979) is a Georgian politician who served as the Minister for Internally Displaced Persons from the Occupied Territories Accommodation and Refugees of Georgia from 2008 to 2012.
 Velika Kosnica is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D3 highway at the A3 interchange.
 Acrocercops prompta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Tamil Nadu India. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1916.
 Give Back is the fourth recorded work by Christian punk band Side Walk Slam and was released in 2002.
 Babelomurex armatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Pills Against the Ageless Ills is the third studio album by Norwegian avant-garde metal band Solefald. It was released on 19 September 2001 and is their first album under the Century Media label. It is a concept album following the story of two brothers Philosopher Fuck and Pornographer Cain.
 The Birches in Belgrade Lakes Maine is an historic house built in 1916. The architects were John Calvin Stevens and his son John Howard Stevens.'The Birches' was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Pir Kahur (Persian: پيركهور‎ also Romanized as Pīr Kahūr) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 40 families.
 Himmelskibet Excelsior / A Trip to Mars / Das Himmelschiff is a 1918 Danish film about a trip to Mars. In 2006 the film was restored and re-released on DVD by the Danish Film Institute.Phil Hardy says it is the film that marked the beginning of the space opera subgenre of science fiction but notes that Denmark did not make another science fiction film until Reptilicus in 1962.
 Poetic Justice is a compact disc released 19 November 1996. It contains two radio plays: Harris and the Mare based on Stan Rogers' song of the same name adapted by John Gavin Douglas for the CBC Radio series Nightfall and The Sisters by Silver Donald Cameron a play written for CBC Playhouse for which Stan wrote and performed the music.
 Tudeh Bin (Persian: توده بين‎ also Romanized as Tūdeh Bīn and Toodeh Bin; also known as Ārpāshāl and Tūdabīn) is a village in Darsajin Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 335 in 94 families.
 Country Church Time is an album by American country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1959 (see 1959 in country music) on the Mercury Records label. This was Jones' first album with Mercury Records.
 Restaurant Der Bloasbalg was a restaurant located in Wahlwiller in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1985-2005.From the beginning till 2005 when he sold the restaurant Jan Waghemans was the head chef.Der Bloasbalg was a member of the Alliance Gastronomique Néerlandaise.The restaurant closed down in 2006 and was replaced by restaurant Les Arômes.
 Sidney Parsons (c. 1893 – April 22 1955) was a Canadian politician mayor of Edmonton Alberta and candidate for election to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.
 Semiahmoo Shopping Centre (/ˌsɛmiˈɑːmoʊ/ SEM-ee-AH-moh) named after nearby Semiahmoo Bay is a shopping mall in Surrey British Columbia resting directly against the border with White Rock.
 Chauknet Zayat is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Competition is a 1915 short film produced by the American Film Manufacturing Company released by Mutual Film directed by B. Reeves Eason and Tom Ricketts and starring Charlotte Burton. It was Eason's directional debut and he also acted in it.
 Deepwater River a mostly perennial stream of the Dumaresq-Macintyre catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.The river rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range near Old Man Gibber east of Deepwater and flows generally north northwest west and then west before reaching its confluence with Bluff River to form the Mole River near Sandy Flat; descending 479 metres (1572 ft) over its 84 kilometres (52 mi) course.
 The Power of Shazam! is a 1994 hardcover graphic novel written and painted by Jerry Ordway for DC Comics. The 96-page story depicting the revamped origins of former Fawcett Comics superhero Captain Marvel was followed by an ongoing series also titled The Power of Shazam! which ran from 1995 to 1999.
 Alejandro Javier García Padilla (born August 3 1971) is the current Governor of Puerto Rico. Prior to becoming governor García Padilla held various roles in the political landscape of Puerto Rico first as Secretary of Consumer Affairs then as member of the 24th Senate of Puerto Rico and finally as President of the Popular Democratic Party.
 Eastman Terrace is a historic rowhouse block located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built in 1872 and consists of ten sections. The block is three stories high on a raised basement. It features a mansard roof with polychrome slate and an elaborate roofline with decorative stone parapets and iron cresting. The block was part of a larger plan to develop the Eastman Park section of the city.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Knin Fortress (Croatian: Kninska tvrđava) is a partially ruined fortress located just above Knin Croatia. It is one of the biggest and most significant defensive strongholds and a historical town in the Šibenik-Knin county in the Dalmatian hinterland. The construction of the fortress started as early as 9th century while the current state was brought up in 17th and 18th centuries.
 Henry L. Bridges Sr. (December 6 1874 – April 9 1939) was a businessman who served from 1928 to 1932 and again from 1934 to 1936 as the mayor of the small city of Minden the seat of Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana.Bridges was born in nearby rural Athens in Claiborne Parish but moved to Minden in 1907 where he operated a clothing store. He was first elected mayor in the Democratic primary in the spring of 1928 when Robert F.
 Sparganothis daphnana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in North America including Newfoundland and Nova Scotia.
 The Chameleon Script is the first officially released full-length album recorded by the band Howards Alias.The album was released by Good Clean Fun Records on 28 October 2002 on compact disc. It was hailed as an instant classic in the rising UK ska-core scene and received critical acclaim even from the UK's famous mainstream rock weekly Kerrang!. The album had predominant ska brass lines and guitar upstrokes features that Howards Alias moved away from on later releases as their sound matured.
 Vokesimurex purdyae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Pondville Correctional Center is a minimum security/pre-release Massachusetts state prison. It is located 36 miles southwest of Boston Massachusetts in the town of Norfolk Massachusetts. Because this is a minimum security facility there are no walls or fences to keep prisoners in. Security is maintained by inmate counts and strict accountability procedures.
 FM is a 1978 film directed by John A. Alonzo and starring Michael Brandon Eileen Brennan Alex Karras Cleavon Little and Cassie Yates. The screenplay was written by Ezra Sacks.This film was produced by Universal Pictures and originally released to movie theaters in the spring of 1978.
 Qionglai Mountains (simplified Chinese: 邛崃山; traditional Chinese: 邛崍山; pinyin: Qióng	lái Shān) is a mountain range in the Sichuan Province of China. It runs in the general north-south direction and is located mostly within the Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture in the north-central part of the province. The Qionglai Range separates the basins of two major rivers of Sichuan: the Dadu River (to the west) and the Min River (to the east).
 Ecology of Souls is the debut album of Kenneth Newby released in 1993 through Songlines Recordings.
 Henry John Reynolds-Moreton 3rd Earl of Ducie GCVO PC FRS JP (25 June 1827 – 28 October 1921) styled Lord Moreton between 1840 and 1853 was a British courtier and Liberal Party politician. He notably served as Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard from 1859 to 1866. A member of the House of Lords for 68 years he was Father of the House of Lords between 1913 and his death in 1921.
 Angels' Wild Women is a 1972 biker film written and directed by cult director Al Adamson. The plot centers on a group of tough biker babes who leave their cycle gang boyfriends to go on a violent rampage. However when a cult leader kills one of the girls the others go out for revenge.This is the last in a trio of (unrelated) motorcycle gang films directed by Adamson for Independent-International Pictures Corp. a company he co-founded with Sam Sherman.
 The Flonti River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 The Cucuveanu River is a tributary of the Argova River in Romania.
 The High Island Reservoir (Chinese: 萬宜水庫; Mandarin Pinyin: Wànyí shuǐkù; Jyutping: maan6 ji4 seoi2 fu3; Cantonese Yale: maan6 yi4 seui2 fu3) located in the far south eastern part of the Sai Kung Peninsula was opened in 1978 helping to alleviate water shortage problems in Hong Kong. Its water capacity is approximately 273 million cubic metres. The area it occupies was originally the Kwun Mun Channel (官門海峽) which separated High Island from the Sai Kung Peninsula.
 Love Come to Life is the seventh studio album by Christian Contemporary-Folk-Rock band Big Daddy Weave. The album released on April 17 2012 by Fervent Records and Curb Records. The album was produced by band member Jeremy Redmon. The album has charted on Billboard 200 and Christian Albums charts at Nos. 196 and 8 respectively. The song that was released as the lead single from the album was Love Come to Life which peaked at No.
 Navy Blue and Gold is a 1937 American Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film starring Robert Young James Stewart and Lionel Barrymore.
 Brown Trapezoid Snake Rhabdops bicolor is a species of snake found in India (Assam Meghalaya; Arunachal Pradesh (Deban Namdapha - Changlang district) ) N Myanmar (= Burma) and China (W Yunnan).
 Jack the Ripper: The Final Solution is a book written by Stephen Knight first published in 1976. It proposed a solution to five murders in Victorian London that were blamed on an unidentified serial killer known as Jack the Ripper.In an attempt to solve the mystery Knight presented an elaborate conspiracy theory involving the British royal family freemasonry and the painter Walter Sickert.
 Carn Kenidjack (grid reference SW388329) is a hill in Tregeseal Cornwall. It is covered in megaliths including Tregeseal East stone circle.
 Lost in the Meritocracy: The Undereducation of an Overachiever is a 2009 memoir by Walter Kirn. It describes his own trip through the American education system from rural Minnesota to Princeton University.The author also wrote an earlier essay under the same title for The Atlantic.The book was reviewed twice in the New York Times.
 Cameraria leucothorax is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California and Oregon).The wingspan is about 8.5 mm.The larvae feed on Lithocarpus densiflorus Quercus chrysolepis and Quercus densiflora var. echinoides. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is found on the underside of the leaf.
 The Gay Deceiver was a 1926 film directed by John M. Stahl. The film stars Lew Cody and Carmel Myers. The film is considered lost.
 The National Bank of New Zealand building is a historic building on the corner of Cuba Street and Vivian Street Wellington New Zealand. It is now occupied by Logan Brown Restaurant.The building designed by Claude Plummer-Jones contains an exceptionally fine main banking space. Built by day labour the structure is of concrete faced externally with Malmesbury stone for the rusticated base with sandstone for the levels above. The building is classical in style.
 Aspe peak also known as Pico de la Garganta de Aísa is a mountain in the western Pyrenees of Huesca situated on the west side of the Aragon Valley near the towns of Villanúa (to the south) and Canfranc (to the east). The peak is 2645 metres (8678 ft) AMSL high. It is adjoined to the peak of Zapatilla. The peak towers over the Spanish ski resort of Candanchú and the Somport pass on the border with France. The peak gives its name to the French river Gave d'Aspe and the Aspe Valley.
 For the song see Mrs. God Mrs. God is a fantasy novel by Peter Straub. It was first published in 1990 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1350 copies of which 600 copies were signed by the author and the artist bound in quarter leather and slipcased as a deluxe edition. The novel is expanded from the short novel of the same name that appeared in Straub's collection Houses Without Doors.
 Personal is the nineteenth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child.It will be published on 28 August 2014 in the UK New Zealand Australia and Ireland and on September 2 2014 in the United Statesand Canada.
 Witthoh is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Hyatt Regency Dushanbe Hotel is a hotel located at Dushanbe Tajikistan. It is operated by Hyatt Hotels. The hotel is served by the Foccacia Grill Restaurant.
 The Culture Lounge is a visual art philosophy literary and culture magazine that emphasizes diversity and expression through the creative forms.Published in Columbus Nebraska US since May 2006 the main focus is raising the awareness of the individual and embracing cultural differences throughout the magazine.
 The Monks's 1965 demos were professional studio recordings that preceded the album Black Monk Time. These have been released 3 times all also including two tracks from a single by The Five Torquays (the band's name before transforming themselves into the Monks).
 Odontocymbiola simulatrix is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The parras characodon (Characodon garmani) was a species of fish in the Goodeidae family endemic to Mexico.
 The Daily Star is a pan-Middle East English language newspaper edited in Beirut.
 Uniendo Fronteras (Eng.: Uniting Frontiers') is the title of a studio album released by norteño music group Los Tigres del Norte. This album became their second number-one hit on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart.
 The Beșineu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Robert A. Rovner (born September 28 1943) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate serving from 1967 to 1970.
 The Mind of Mr. Soames (1970) is a British film directed by Alan Cooke and starring Terence Stamp Robert Vaughn and Nigel Davenport.Based on Charles Eric Maine's 1961 novel of the same name it tells the story of a thirty-year-old man (John Soames) who has been in a coma since a brain injury during birth. Now revived he shows the behavior of a child and is monitored by two doctors attempting to find out if he can be rehabilitated in the adult world.
 Time for the Show is the second studio album by Christian pop recording artist Kerrie Roberts which was released on April 2 2013 on the Reunion Records label and was produced by David Garcia and Rob Graves. However the albums original release date was planned for July 10 2012 but got pushed back to the April 2013 date.
 Weald Brook is a water feature in the Parliament constituency of Hornchurch and Upminster. Weald Brook flows into River Ingrebourne.Weald brook is the boundary between Romford and South Weald to the east flows south into Hornchurch continuing as the river Ingrebourne to the Thames.
 Divercala is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The International Journal of Neural Systems is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal founded in 1989. It is published by World Scientific and covers information processing in natural and artificial neural systems.
 Afrowatsonius spilleri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Africa including South Africa.
 The Tohoku Mathematical Journal is a mathematical research journal published by Tohoku University in Japan. It was founded in August 1911 by Tsuruichi Hayashi.Due to World War II the publication of the journal stopped in 1943 with volume 49. Publication was resumed in 1949 with the volume numbering starting again at 1.
 The Șapte Izvoare River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică in Romania.
 Leader Publications is a Sri Lankan newspaper publisher.It's publications are The Sunday Leader Morning Leader and Iruresa It was founded by Lal Wickrematunge and Lasantha Wickrematunge. It is known for its independent news coverage and it has faced arson attacks from men with complicity from the Sri Lankan authorities.
 Lake Ritsa (Georgian: რიწა Abkhaz: Риҵа Russian: Рица) in the northern part of Abkhazia an autonomous republic in Georgia is a lake in the Caucasus Mountains surrounded by mixed mountain forests and subalpine meadows. Its water is cold and clear. Mountains with heights of 2200 to 3500 m surround the lake. The region around Lake Ritsa is a part of the Euxine-Colchic deciduous forests ecoregion with a fairly high concentration of evergreen boxwood groves.
 Guzów [ˈɡuzuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasień within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Jasień 15 km (9 mi) north of Żary and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Northpoint Shopping Centre (Chinese: 纳福坊) is the first major suburban shopping mall in Singapore which opened in 1992.Northpoint is conveniently located opposite Yishun MRT station and next to the Yishun Bus Interchange. It completed asset enhancement works in early 2010 to refresh the mall and integrate it with its new wing Northpoint 2. The centre has a combined net lettable area of 235000 sq ft (21800 m2) which consists of numerous retail stores.
 The Ploučnice (German: Polzen) is a river in the Czech Republic. It is a tributary of the Labe which it flows into in Děčín.
 Mahiravana is a 1940 Telugu film by Ghantasala Balaramaiah under the banner of Kubera Films. The veteran actor Vemuri Gaggaiah played the role of Ahiravan.Mairavana turned out to be big hit because of its technical values. The directoral involvement with trick photography (Govindrao Bhadsavle) and opulent sets (T. V. S. Sarma) supported by the make-up (Mangaiah) have contributed greatly for the success.
 The South African Geographical Journal is the official journal of the Society of South African Geographers. The journal was established in 1917.
 Mystery of Snow (Hlyo-hwat-thaw-hnin;Burmese: လျှို့ဝှက်သောနှင်း) is a 2005 Burmese musical adventure drama film directed by Sin Yaw Mg Mg. The film picked up seven national awards including Best Film Best Director Best Supporting Actor Best Scriptwriter Best Cinematography Best Film Editing and Best Sound
 Eois saria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Socialist Weekly was an Urdu language newspaper published from Karachi Pakistan. Socialist Weekly was launched in late 1947 as a continuation of the Sindhi Socialist Weekly. Socialist Weekly carried the symbol of the Indian Socialist Party in its masthead. It became the official organ of the Pakistan Socialist Party when the party was constituted in January 1948.
 Mill Creek Mountain is a continuous mountain ridge that runs northeast through Hampshire and Hardy counties in the Eastern Panhandle region of the U.S. state of West Virginia. Rising to its greatest elevation of 2650 feet (808 m) at High Knob Mill Creek is a folded mountain ridge belonging to the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians.
 Ironiclast is the debut album the American heavy metal supergroup The Damned Things. The album was released on December 14 2010 internationally and a day later in North America. The supergroup includes Joe Trohman and Andy Hurley of Fall Out Boy Scott Ian and Rob Caggiano of Anthrax and Keith Buckley and Josh Newton of Every Time I Die. Newton however was only a touring member of The Damned Things initially and did not write or record anything for Ironiclast.
 Blood River is a 2009 psychological thriller film written by Simon Boyes and Adam Mason and directed by Adam Mason. It follows a newlywed couple’s relationship during a chance encounter with a mysterious drifter in a deserted ghost town.
 Malice is a 1993 American thriller film directed by Harold Becker. The screenplay by Aaron Sorkin and Scott Frank is based on a story by Jonas McCord. It stars Alec Baldwin Nicole Kidman and Bill Pullman.
 Talking Through Tin Cans is the first studio album by Berkeley California-based indie pop band The Morning Benders currently known as POP ETC. It was released in 2008 on +1 Records.It was named best indie/alternative album of 2008 by iTunes.
 Eyesore is a limited edition E.P. by American groove metal band Skinlab. The E.P. was released November 3 1998. Only 5000 copies were made.
 Holy Trinity Church Everton is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Everton Nottinghamshire.
 The Breaza River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Brescioara and Pojorta
 The Brave Warrior (Portuguese: O Bravo Guerreiro) is a 1968 Brazilian drama film directed by Gustavo Dahl. It marked the directorial debut of Gustavo Dahl. The film is said to be representative of the second phase of Brazil's Cinema Novo movement. It won the Special Award at the 1968 Festival de Brasília Best Director at the 1968 Festival de Belo Horizonte and the Best Cinematography at the 1969 Instituto Nacional do Cinema (INC) Awards.
 Shankarapatnam Keshavapatnam is a village and a mandal in Karimnagar district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.(Mohd iqbal hussain) is the old man in keshavapatnam will know person in islamic culture he is the president of all muslim in her village in this village there was a darga of (zakeer shaheed) now also karamath is going on to all who believe on him.....
 Rheingold is the thirty-eighth album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 2008 and taking in consideration the previously released multi-disc box sets (Silver Edition Historic Edition Jubilee Edition Contemporary Works I and Contemporary Works II) it could be viewed as Schulze's ninety-ninth album. This is the second Schulze album with guest vocalist Lisa Gerrard. It was recorded at an open-air concert in Loreley Germany.
 Mount Kirkpatrick is a lofty generally ice-free mountain in Antarctica's Queen Alexandra Range. Located 8 km (5 mi) west of Mount Dickerson Mt. Kirkpatrick is the highest point in the Queen Alexandra Range as well as in its parent range the Transantarctic Mountains. Discovered and named by the British Antarctic Expedition (1907–09) the mountain was named for a Glasgow businessman who was one of the original supporters of the expedition.
 The Das Palmas River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Lionel Cranfield Sackville 1st Duke of Dorset PC (18 January 1688 – 10 October 1765) was an English political leader and Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
 The Nathan Lester House is a farmstead house built in 1793. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.It is located in the Gales Ferry section of Ledyard Connecticut.The farmhouse outbuildings and farm museum with tools are owned by the Town of Ledyard and are open to the public in the summer. The site includes 100 acres (0.40 km2) with trails.
 Rock Island Lines Passenger Station is an historic building located in Rock Island Illinois United States. It ceased operating as a railway station in 1980. The building was designated a Rock Island landmark in 1987 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is now a banquet facility called Abbey Station.
 Trithemis nuptialis is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Guinea Liberia Niger Nigeria Sierra Leone Tanzania Uganda and Zambia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 The Palacios River is a river of Bolivia.
 The Beast is a 1996 made for TV movie starring William Petersen Karen Sillas and Charles Martin Smith. The movie is based on the 1991 novel Beast by Jaws author Peter Benchley. The film is about a giant squid that attacks and kills several people when its food supply becomes scarce and its offspring is killed. It was filmed primarily in New South Wales Australia.
 Jose Joe A. Campos (born June 8 1961) is a politician and businessman from Santa Rosa New Mexico. Since 2003 he has served as a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives representing the 63rd district that includes DeBaca Curry Guadalupe & Roosevelt counties.
 Black Tarquin (1945–1965) was an American-bred British-trained racehorse and sire best known for winning the St. Leger Stakes in 1948 and for his rivalry with Alycidon. In a career which lasted from June 1947 until July 1949 he ran fifteen times and won eight races. He was one of the leading two-year-olds of 1947 although he did not race after winning the Gimcrack Stakes in August.
 Saulos Chilima (born 20 May 1977) is a Malawian economist.
 The Children's Hour is a 1934 stage play written by Lillian Hellman. It is a drama set in an all-girls boarding school run by two women Karen Wright and Martha Dobie. An angry student Mary Tilford runs away from the school and to avoid being sent back she tells her grandmother that the two headmistresses are having a lesbian affair.
 National Lampoon The 199th Birthday Book: A Tribute to the United States of America 1776–1975 was an American humor book that was issued in 1975 in paperback. Although it appears to be a regular book it was in fact a special issue of National Lampoon magazine and therefore was sold on newsstands rather than in bookstores.
 The Groapa Seacă River or Jivinele River is a tributary of the Jieţ in Romania.
 Cherry Kicks is the second album by the Swedish rock band Caesars Palace.
 Kariya Munda (born 20 April 1936) is an Indian politician and the current Deputy Speaker of the 15th Lok Sabha. He has been a former minister in the Government of India in the Governments led by the Janata Party in 1977 and by Bhartiya Janata Party from 1999 onwards. He was first inducted in the Morarji Desai government in 1977 and given the portfolio of Steel Ministry in the capacity as the Minister of State.
 The Parrot Who Met Papa is a collection of two short stories bound dos-à-dos. The first story is The Parrot Who Met Papa by Ray Bradbury. The other The Parrot Who Met Papa (concluded) is by David Aronovitz who also published the book. The Bradbury story first appeared in the magazine Playboy in 1972.
 Anthrenocerus Tessellatus is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family.
 The Rutshuru River is a river in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo that drains Lake Mutanda in the foothills of the Virunga Mountains in Uganda flowing northward into Lake Rutanzige (formerly Lake Edward).For most of its length it runs through the Rutshuru Territory in North Kivu province.
 Looking for Moshe Guez (Le'an Ne'elam Moshe Guez) is a 2011 Israeli documentary film directed by Avida Livny documenting his search for the Israeli director Moshe Guez and his lost feature film The Angel was a Devil.
 Akpınar is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 The Sforza Castle Pinacoteca (Pinacoteca del Castello Sforzesco in Italian) is an art gallery in the complex of the Sforza Castle Museums in Milan northern Italy.
 Borolar Ghor (Assamese: বৰলাৰ ঘৰ Bachelor’s House) is a 2012 bilingual Assamese-Bengali romantic comedy film starring Utpal Das and Debasmita Banerjee in the lead roles. The film was directed and produced by Mani C. Kappan under the banner of Okay Productions. This film was the remake of 1993 superhit Malayalam film Meleparambil Aanveedu which was also produced by Kappan under the same production house. Noted Assamese filmmaker Manju Borah acted as an advisor in the film.
 Jeane Duane Jordan Kirkpatrick (December 19 1926 – December 7 2006) was an American ambassador and an ardent anticommunist. After serving as Ronald Reagan's foreign policy adviser in his 1980 campaign and later in his Cabinet the longtime Democrat-turned-Republican became the first woman to serve as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations.She is known for her Kirkpatrick Doctrine which advocated U.S.
 Out Of The Gutter is an album by the band Cockney Rejects released in 2002.
 Neurostrota cupreella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Jamaica and Cuba.
 The Spaces in Between is an album by English saxophonist John Surman recorded in 2006 and released on the ECM label.
 The Don Gaspar Historic District is one of the historic districts in Santa Fe New Mexico. It extends south from the State Capitol and is part of the South Capitol area of Santa Fe. The northern boundary is Paseo de Peralta; the eastern boundary is the Old Santa Fe Trail; the southern boundary is Houghton Street and the western boundary is Don Cubero.
 Edward Granville Theodore (29 December 1884 – 9 February 1950) was an Australian politician. He was Premier of Queensland 1919–25 a member of the federal House of Representatives 1927–31 and Federal Treasurer 1929–30.
 At Last Okemah! is a 2009 short film directed by Chicago-based independent filmmaker Michael Glover Smith based on an original screenplay by novelist Adam Selzer and Smith. The film had its world premiere at the Chicago International REEL Shorts Festival on Sunday September 13 2009 where it won an Audience Choice Award.
 Radical Connector is an album by German electronica group Mouse on Mars released in 2004.
 Kornie [ˈkɔrɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south-east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 128 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 140.
 The Barrow (Irish: An Bhearú) is a river in Ireland. It is one of The Three Sisters; the other two being the River Suir and the River Nore. The Barrow is the longest and most prominent of the three rivers.
 Bamnan and Slivercork is the first studio album by the US rock band Midlake released in 2004 to positive reviews. It mixes together warm acoustic sounds with electronica and lo-fi keyboard sounds. The songs Balloon Maker and Kingfish Pies were released as singles.
 The Nanny Diaries is a 2002 novel by Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus both of whom are former nannies. The book satirizes upper class Manhattan society as seen through the eyes of their children's caregivers.
 Porphyrosela dismochrysa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales and South Australia.The larvae feed on Hardenbergia species (including Hardenbergia ovata) Kennedia nigricans and Meibomia viridiflora. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Ragged Jack is an album by keyboardist Jamie Saft and trumpeter Cuong Vu which was released on the Japanese Avant label in 1997.
 Play It As It Lays is the third full-length album by singer-songwriter Patti Scialfa.
 Surasettikoppa is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 The Scarce Shot Silverline Aphnaeus elima is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Louis McLane (May 28 1786 – October 7 1857) was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington in New Castle County Delaware and Baltimore Maryland. He was a veteran of the War of 1812 and a member of the Federalist Party and later the Democratic Party. He served as the U.S. Representative from Delaware U.S. Senator from Delaware U.S. Secretary of the Treasury U.S. Secretary of State Minister Plenipotentiary to the United Kingdom and President of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
 Ioannis Kefalogiannis (Greek: Ιωάννης Κεφαλογιάννης; 6 December 1933 – 20 January 2012) was a Greek politician who served as a Member of Parliament from 1958 to 1964 and again from 1974 to 2004. During this time he was briefly Minister of Public Order Minister for Tourism and Minister of the Interior. His daughter is the Cabinet Minister Olga Kefalogianni.
 Notodiscus hookeri is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This snail lives on islands in the sub-Antarctic region. Its shell is unique among land snails in that the organic part of the shell layers contains no chitin.
 Cranbury Brook also known as Cranberry Brook is a tributary of the Millstone River in Middlesex and Monmouth Counties New Jersey in the United States.
 The Paupelys is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 5.8 kilometres and has a basin area of 8.5 km².It is a tributary of the Šušvė.
 The Oxford University Commonwealth Law Journal is a postgraduate-edited international and comparative law journal from the University of Oxford Faculty of Law covering the study of legal trends and developments within and between Commonwealth jurisdictions.
 Lekowo [lɛˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Regimin 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Ciechanów and 86 km (53 mi) north of Warsaw.
 For the band see Pro-PainProPain is Mars Ill's 2004 album.
 Eatoniella glacialis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eatoniellidae the eatoniellids.
 Letting Go Of Lisa is a novel written by Lurlene McDaniel. It follows the life of Nathan Malone as he enters his senior year at his new high school. When a girl on a motorcycle catches his eye Lisa Nathan is intrigued. As the two become closer Lisa's dark secret threatens their relationship.
 Three Hearts is an album by rock musician and former Fleetwood Mac guitarist Bob Welch. Don't Wait Too Long is a reworking of Good Things (Come to Those who Wait) a Welch composition that had been left off the Fleetwood Mac album Mystery to Me.Just like Welch's previous effort French Kiss Three Hearts was a commercial success. The album reached #20 on the US charts in 1979 and went gold. It spawned a hit single Precious Love which peaked at #19 making it Welch's last top 20 hit.
 The Java Sparrow (Lonchura oryzivora) also known as Java Finch Java Rice Sparrow or Java Rice Bird is a small passerine bird. This estrildid finch is a resident breeding bird in Java Bali and Bawean in Indonesia. It is a popular cagebird and has been introduced in a large number of other countries. Some taxonomists place this and the Timor Sparrow in their own genus Padda.
 Second Dance (Swedish: Andra dansen) is a 1983 Swedish drama film directed by Lárus Ýmir Óskarsson. Kim Anderzon won the award for Best Actress at the 19th Guldbagge Awards.
 Bozrah Congregational Church and Parsonage is an historic church and parsonage at 17 and 23 Bozrah Street in Bozrah Connecticut. The church is a whitepainted Greek Revival-style meetinghouse situated on a knoll overlooking Bozrah Street (Connecticut Route 163) and Fitchville Pond.The church was built in 1843 the parsonage in 1872.
 Shota Rustaveli (officially known as the Shota Rustaveli Peak) (Georgian: შოთა რუსთაველის მწვერვალი) is a mountain in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range straddling the border of Svaneti (Georgia) and Kabardino-Balkaria (Russia). The elevation of the mountain is 4860 meters (15940 feet). Shota Rustaveli is generally considered to be the 9th highest peak of the Caucasus.
 Bharatham (Malayalam: ഭരതം) is a 1991 musical-drama Malayalam film written by A. K. Lohithadas directed by Sibi Malayil and produced by Mohanlal under the banner of Pranavam Arts. It stars Mohanlal Urvashi Nedumudi Venu Lakshmi and Murali in the main roles. The film is especially known for its music that is largely Carnatic Classical and Semi Classical. The songs were composed by M. Raveendran.Bharatham is interpreted as a modern day adaptation of the Ramayana from Bharath's perspective.
 Anna Finocchiaro Fidelbo (born 31 March 1955; Modica) is an Italian politician. She is the Democratic Party's leader in the Senate. She served as Minister for Equal Opportunities in the cabinet of Romano Prodi from 1996-98.
 The John Rankin House is a National Historic Landmark in Ripley Ohio. Built about 1816 it was home to Presbyterian abolitionist John Rankin and was one of the original stops on the Underground Railroad. Harriet Beecher Stowe's visit to Rankin provided the story that became Uncle Tom's Cabin.The house was acquired by the State of Ohio in 1938 and is now operated by the Ohio Historical Society and opened for tours.
 George Finch 9th Earl of Winchilsea KG PC FRS (4 November 1752 – 2 August 1826) was an important figure in the history of cricket. His main contributions to the game were patronage and organisation but Winchilsea an amateur was also a very keen player.
 Edward Lynn Thompson known as Ed Thompson (born 1950) is a State Farm Insurance agent from Pearland Texas who has been since 2013 a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 29 based in Brazoria County in suburban Houston in the southeastern portion of the state.
 St Mary's Church Stockport is the oldest parish church in the town of Stockport Greater Manchester England. It stands in Churchgate overlooking the market place. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Stockport.
 The Rhume is a 48 km long river in Lower Saxony Germany. It is a right tributary of the Leine. Its source is a karstic spring in Rhumspringe south of the Harz mountain range. The water drains with high pressure from the ground of the funnel-shaped well known for its turquoise colour.The Rhume then flows in northwesterly direction through the municipalities of Gieboldehausen Katlenburg-Lindau and Northeim. It finally joins the Leine river west of Northeim.
 Tellement j'ai d'amour... (meaning I Have So Much Love...) is a French studio album by Canadian singer Celine Dion released in Quebec Canada on 7 September 1982. It's her third French album.
 Death Is a Lonely Business is a mystery novel by Ray Bradbury published in 1985.The story set in 1949 is about a series of murders that happen in Venice California then a declining seaside community in Los Angeles where Bradbury lived from 1942 to 1950. The main character and narrator (who never mentions his name) is a sensitive modest writer with a girlfriend studying in Mexico City.
 The Măreasca River or Mărașca River is a tributary of the Sighișoara River in Romania.
 Baldwin Lake is a lake or pond encompassed by the Los Angeles County Arboretum and Botanic Garden in Arcadia California. The lake borders three sides of Lucky Baldwin's Queen Anne Cottage and Coach Barn which is listed in the National Register of Historic Places of the United States.
 Cheesy Home Video is the first home video from Primus released in 1992 on VHS in conjunction with the band's first covers EP Miscellaneous Debris.
 Hippotion saclavorum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar.The length of the forewings is about 23 mm. This is a small brown species which is similar to Hippotion balsaminae but with shorter and more rounded forewings. The abdomen upperside has dorsal and subdorsal longitudinal lines which are only very weakly indicated.
 Read Silence is a digital-only EP compilation of three song remixes from TV on the Radio's third studio album Dear Science. It was released on April 14 2009. The Glitch Mob remix of Red Dress was used in the 2009 trailer for 9.
 Pseudopostega beckeri is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Donald R. Davis and Jonas R. Stonis 2007. It is known from the states of Goias Minas Gerais and Parana in south-central Brazil.The length of the forewings is 3.7–4.4 mm. Adults have been recorded in November.
 Spilarctia rufofusca is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Thomas in 1994. It is found on Sumatra.
 Edward J. Collins Jr. was an American government official for the state of Massachusetts the town of Saugus and the city of Boston. He is the namesake of the Edward J. Collins Jr. Center for Public Management at the University of Massachusetts Boston.
 Trzylatków Duży [tʂɨˈlatkuf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ser humano!! is the debut album from the Chilean hip hop group Tiro de Gracia. It was released in 1997. The single El juego verdadero brought immediate popularity to the group and played for a long while on the radio. Viaje sin rumbo Chupacabras and Melaza were also released as singles.
 Chūgoku Mountains (中国山地 Chūgoku Sanchi) is a mountain range in the Chūgoku region of western Japan. It runs in an east-west direction and stretches approximately 500 km (311 mi) from Hyōgo Prefecture in the east to the coast of Yamaguchi Prefecture. The range also reaches under the Pacific Ocean.The two tallest mountains in the group are Daisen and Mount Hyōno which are 1729 m (5673 ft) and 1510 m (4954 ft) respectively.
 Brasserie Julien is a brasserie-style French cuisine restaurant located at 1422 Third Avenue (between East 80th Street and East 81st Street) on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City as well as a jazz club.
 The Lower Shell School House is located in an isolated portion of Big Horn County Wyoming on a bluff near Shell Creek. The schoolhouse was built in 1903 and was one of the first buildings in the area that did not use log construction. The school functioned as a church and Sunday school and as a community meeting place.
 An Inch of Gold for an Inch of Time is the 2005 release by mathcore group The Number Twelve Looks Like You. It was their first release through Eyeball Records.
 The South Branch Sandy River is a short tributary of the Sandy River in Franklin County Maine. From its source (44°46′20″N 70°28′41″W) on Blueberry Mountain in Berlin (Township 6 north of Weld) the river runs 7.4 miles (11.9 km) northeast to its confluence with the Sandy River in Phillips.
 The Millennium Tower is the second tallest building and fourth tallest structure in Austria at 171 metres (561 feet). The tower is located at Handelskai 94-96 in the Brigittenau 20th district in Vienna Austria. An antenna mounted on top of the tower brings the architectural height to 202 metres (663 feet) but does not count to its overall height.
 Man-Amplified is the fifth album by Clock DVA released in 1991 through Contempo Records.
 Ten Horns – Ten Diadems is a compilation album by the Norwegian black metal band Satyricon.
 Natin99 is the Eraserheads' sixth album. It was released by Sony BMG Music Philippines Inc. (Formerly BMG Records Pilipinas Inc.) in 1999 and the first Eraserheads album that came out of a non-linear recording approach. Most of the musical parts were recorded separately in their respective home studios and pieced together by the band and producer Robin Rivera.
 The First Tape Album is a part-studio part-live cassette-only album released by UK the neo-progressive band Twelfth Night in 1980.
 Eubucco is a genus of colourful birds in the Capitonidae family. They are found in humid forest in South and Central America and the species have almost entirely allo- or parapatric distributions. Slightly smaller than the members of the genus Capito members of the genus Eubucco are all sexually dimorphic have stubby yellowish bills green backs yellow to the neck or underparts and at least in the males red to the head.
 The Indian long-eared hedgehog (Hemiechinus collaris) is a relatively small hedgehog (~17 cm 200–500 grams) native to India. It is insectivorous and nocturnal.
 Kerzhenets River (Russian: Керженец) is a river in the Nizhny Novgorod Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Volga joining the Volga near Lyskovo about 70 km east of Nizhny Novgorod.
 The Basilica of Saint Mary is a Roman Catholic minor basilica located on its own city block along Hennepin Avenue between 16th & 17th Streets in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota. It was the first basilica established in the United States. The Basilica of Saint Mary is the co-cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis and is one of the finest examples of Beaux-Arts architecture in the country.[citation needed]
 Megacraspedus arnaldi is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Libya.
 Women In The Shadows is a lesbian pulp fiction novel written in 1959 by Ann Bannon (pseudonym of Ann Weldy). It is the third in a series of pulp fiction novels that eventually came to be known as The Beebo Brinker Chronicles. It was originally published in 1959 by Gold Medal Books again in 1983 by Naiad Press and again in 2002 by Cleis Press.
 The Basilica of the Sacred Heart of Jesus is a Catholic parish church and minor basilica in Syracuse New York. It is located at 927 Park Avenue in the Westside. The building was designated a minor basilica by Pope John Paul II on August 27 1998 and dedicated on October 3 1999.
 Gries Pass (2469 m.) (Italian: Passo del Gries German: Griespass) is a mountain pass between 	Valais Switzerland and Formazza Italy. There is no road over the pass from Nufenen Pass the paved road ends and a bridle path leads over to the Italian side. A high pressure gas pipeline runs over the pass coming from the North Sea to Italy.
 Eupithecia lineisdistincta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Nepal.
 Terry K. Morrison is an American businessman and politician from the state of Maine. A Democrat he serves in the Maine House of Representatives representing the 122nd district which is centered on his hometown of South Portland.Born and raised in Boothbay Harbor Maine Morrison moved to Portland as a teenager and graduated from Portland High School. He then attended Husson College in Bangor majoring in business.
 Flesh Will Surrender (Italian: Il delitto di Giovanni Episcopo) is a 1947 Italian drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada. It was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 Mościska [mɔɕˈt͡ɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubichowo within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lubichowo 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Starogard Gdański and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 153.
 Circle of Love (Original French title: La ronde) is a 1964 film directed by Roger Vadim and based on Arthur Schnitzler's 1897 play of the same name. The film generated minor controversy due Jane Fonda's involvement as she was one of the first major American actresses to do a nude scene in a foreign film.
 Crazy Magazine was an illustrated satire and humor magazine and was published by Marvel Comics from 1973 to 1983 for a total of 94 regular issues (and two Super Specials Summer 1975 1980). It was preceded by a standard-size comic book titled Crazy consisting of reprints from Not Brand Echh which lasted three issues.Many comic book artists and writers contributed to the effort in the early years.
 Diaspidina is a subtribe of armored scale insects. It occurs mostly in the Americas and Africa with a few species in tropical Asia. In the Americas Pseudoparlatoria is the largest genus with Diaspis second; in Africa Diaspis is the largest genus. The grouping identified by Balachowsky in 1954 as the subtribe Diaspidina are now the tribe Diaspidini.Anderson found the Diaspidina grouping to constitute a clade with core genera: Carulaspis Diaspis and Epidiaspis.
 Polypodiaceae is a family of polypod ferns which includes more than 60 genera divided into several tribes and containing around 1000 species. Nearly all are epiphytes but some are terrestrial.
 Band Bast-e Bala (Persian: بندبست بالا‎ also Romanized as Band Bast-e Bālā; also known as Band Bast) is a village in Harm Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 6 families.
 The Marscholhorn (also known as Piz Moesola) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking the San Bernardino Pass in the canton of Graubünden. It lies at the eastern end of the range between the Hinterrhein valley and the Mesolcina east of the Zapporthorn.
 Phoebe Daring: A Story for Young Folk is a mystery novel for juvenile readers written by L. Frank Baum the author of the Oz books. Published in 1912 it was a sequel to the previous year's The Daring Twins and the second and final installment in a proposed series of similar books. Phoebe Daring was illustrated by Joseph Pierre Nuyttens the artist who illustrated Baum's The Flying Girl Annabel and The Flying Girl and Her Chum in the same period.
 Declaration of War (French: La Guerre est déclarée) is a 2011 French film directed by Valérie Donzelli and written by and starring Donzelli and Jérémie Elkaïm; it is based on actual events in their lives together when they were a young couple caring for their dangerously ill son. It was released on the 31 August 2011 and received very positive reviews; Allociné a review aggregation website gave it an average of 4.3 stars out of five.
 Anthrenocerus arrowi is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family
 Boulevard Plaza is a complex contains Boulevard Plaza 1 and Boulevard Plaza 2 located in Downtown Dubai in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The towers were proposed for construction on 2005 with the commencement of construction in 2007 and ended in 2010.
 The Lyons is a play by Nicky Silver. The play first ran Off-Broadway in 2011 and then premiered on Broadway in 2012. This marks the Broadway debut of a Nicky Silver play. The setting is mainly in a hospital where Ben the husband and father is dying from cancer.
 American Anthropologist is the flagship journal of the American Anthropological Association (AAA). It is known for publishing a wide range of work in anthropology including articles on cultural biological and linguistic anthropology and archeology.
 Sunset Hill also known as Mrs. Eugene D. Stocker Estate is a historic home complex located at Warren in Herkimer County New York. The contributing elements consist of the main house guest house equipment barn stable stone entrance gate swimming pool and garden. The main house was built in 1923 and is a two story gable roofed wood frame Colonial Revival style building sheathed in clapboard siding with a wood shingle roof.
 The Ursa tension leg platform is an oil platform with a tension leg structure located at 28.154027°N 89.103553°W﻿ / 28.154027; -89.103553 about 130 miles (210 km) southeast of New Orleans in the Gulf of Mexico. It is operated by Shell Oil Company. It has a total height from the seabed to its top of 4285 feet (1306 m).Shell Oil is the operator of the project with 45.39%.
 Big Butte Creek is a 12-mile-long (19 km) tributary of the Rogue River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It drains approximately 245 square miles (635 km2) of Jackson County. Its two forks the North Fork and the South Fork both begin high in the Cascade Range near Mount McLoughlin. Flowing predominantly west they meet near the city of Butte Falls. The main stem flows generally northwest until it empties into the Rogue River near McLeod about one mile southwest of William L.
 Bishad Shindhu (Bengali: বিষাদ-সিন্ধু) is a poetic novel about the history of prophet Muhammad's grand son Hasan especially Husayn's assassination and the war for the throne of Khalifa (the supreme power of Muslims). It was written by Mir Mosarraf Hussain one of the first modern Muslim Bengali writers.Bishad Shindhu was written within 1888 to 1890.
 Lubiewo [luˈbjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Drezdenko 25 km (16 mi) east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 47 km (29 mi) east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Lunch Hour is a 1961 film based on a one-act play by John Mortimer. It is about a man and a woman who have an affair during their lunch hour. Shirley Ann Field described it as perhaps the most enjoyable film I'd ever done because the cast and crew all worked so closely together.The cast in the original stage production included Wendy Craig with whom Mortimer had an affair and conceived a son.The movie was recently issued on DVD.
 Ilkhchi-ye Sofla (Persian: ايلخچي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Īlkhchī-ye Soflá; also known as Īlchi-ye Soflá and Īlkhchīh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 52 families.
 Takasagovolva is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ovulidae.
 Mańczok [ˈmaɲt͡ʂɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murów within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 19 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 4.
 Halmus chalybeus commonly known as the steelblue ladybird is a species of ladybird (the beetle family Coccinellidae). It has an iridescent blue/green colouration and is a predator of other insects. It was introduced to New Zealand from Australia in 1899 and 1905 to control black scale and blue gum scale (see scale insect) on citrus trees where it is now common in northern regions. It has also been recorded eating San Jose scale. They are about 3-4 mm long.
 Lake Helena is a body of water along Prickly Pear Creek in the Helena Valley of Lewis and Clark County in southwestern Montana. It is 2073 acres (8 km2) in size and is 3647 ft (1112 m) above sea level.
 The Mountain Lion is a 1947 novel by Jean Stafford.
 Paruparo mio [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines and found only on (Mindanao Island). Forewing length:16-17mm. It is quite rare species and the threat category is to be vulnerable.
 Paravakkottai (Tamil: பரவாக்கோட்டை ) is a village in the Mannargudi Taluk of Thiruvarur district Tamil Nadu India. It is surrounded by many Rivers Ponds Paddy and Banana fields. Paravakkottai consist of many streets like North street South street Middle street Thilagar Street Main Road street. The streets are elegantly arranged in such a manner that all the streets end in the river bed. The nearby town to the north is Mannargudi and south is Madukkur.
 The Sports Argus was a Saturday sports paper printed on distinctive pink paper and published in Birmingham England between 1897 and 2006. Its great appeal was that it was available very shortly after all the Saturday 3pm games had been completed.The first edition was published on 6 February 1897. For many years the Argus was the largest-selling sports newspaper in Britain and had between 32 and 40 pages. Its final edition as a standalone newspaper was published on 13 May 2006.
 Żuk Stary [ˈʐuk'-starɨ] (Ukrainian: Старий Жук Staryi Zhuk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Harasiuki within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Harasiuki 19 km (12 mi) east of Nisko and 59 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Edith's Shopping Bag (1976) is an American short documentary about the life of Edith Massey.
 Tolagi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 The Châtel de Sassy is a ruined castle in the commune of Sassy in the Calvados département of France.The castle dates from the 11th century. A charter from 1175 records the owner as Robert de Sassy. A study in 1887 described the remains as a large rectangular enceinte with a turret in each corner. A second enceinte was defended by a moat cut into the rock.The castle is private property.
 Raahe Museum (or the Museum of Raahe) is the oldest museum of local history and culture in Finland. The museum is located in the town of Raahe in Oulu province.
 The F.M. Walcott House located at 431 N. Hall St. in Valentine Nebraska United States is a historic Classical Revival style house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was listed on the National Register in 1982.
 Levi Zililo Mumba (died January 1945) was a leading local politician and the first President of the Nyasaland African Congress (NAC) during the period of British colonial rule in Nyasaland which became the independent state of Malawi in 1964.Mumba was probably the most important figure in the development of Malawi politics between World War I and World War II.
 Greyfriars King's Lynn was a Franciscan friary in Norfolk England. The tower known as Greyfriars Tower (52.7514°N 0.3990°E﻿ / 52.7514; 0.3990﻿ (Greyfriars Tower King's Lynn)) survives. It is one of only three surviving Franciscan monastery towers in England and is considered to be the finest.
 The Concubine's Children: Portrait of a Family Divided is a non-fiction book written by Chinese-Canadian writer Denise Chong first published in January 1995 by Penguin Books. In the book the author traces her family's history giving a narrative account of members from both sides of the ocean. The Concubine's Children is Chong's first book which she compiled from letters photographs and memory.
 The Railroad Museum of Pennsylvania is a railroad museum in Strasburg Lancaster County Pennsylvania.The museum is located on the east side of Strasburg along Pennsylvania Route 741. It is administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission with the active support of the Friends of the Railroad Museum.The museum has more than 100 historic locomotives and railroad cars that chronicle American railroad history.
 Say No More is country music singer Clay Walker's sixth album. It was released March 27 2001 on Giant Records. The album reached #129 on the Billboard album charts. The album's two singles were its title track and If You Ever Feel Like Loving Me Again both of which were minor Top 40 hits on the Hot Country Songs charts. In addition to these singles the album features a cover of Ritchie Valens' La Bamba.
 Red Lamb is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Red Lamb. It was released in February 2012 first [via iTunes] as music download and on CD and vinyl LP.Dave Mustaine was involved in the album’s production.
 Luszowice [luʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrzanów within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Chrzanów and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1800.
 Dalur is a village in the Faroe Islands. Dalur is located on the east-side of Sandoy.The village lies in the bottom of a relatively large valley. Dalur means valley in Faroese.A little road leads from Dalur to the south-tip of the island. From there it is possible to walk to the bird cliffs Skorin.The church in Dalur was built in 1957 and this is the only church that has ever been here.
 The Carnival is an American short story written by Michael Fedo. It was published among other short stories in the book
 Damias quardripuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on Seram.
 Her Sport (German: Ihr Sport) is a 1919 German silent comedy film directed by Rudolf Biebrach and starring Henny Porten Georg H. Schnell and Hermann Thimig. A man-hating young woman tries to break up a her friend's new marriage but while in the Alps she meets her own ideal man.
 Anodonthyla pollicaris is a species of microhylid frog. This frog was discovered in Madagascar
 DE9  Transitions is an album released by Detroit techno and minimal Canadian artist Richie Hawtin. It contained a CD and a special edition DVD with multimedia such as videos.
 Guns Don't Kill People... Lazers Do is the debut full-length album by Major Lazer collaborative music project from DJ/producers Diplo and Switch. The album is heavily influenced by Jamaican dancehall music and features guest appearances from Jamaican artists on every track.
 Critique of Dialectical Reason (French: Critique de la raison dialectique) is a 1960 book by Jean-Paul Sartre in which he further develops the Existentialist Marxism he first expounded in his 1957 essay Search for a Method. Critique of Dialectical Reason and Search for a Method were written as a common manuscript with Sartre intending the former to logically precede the latter.
 Anthony Stephen 'Tony' Burke (born 4 November 1969) is an Australian politician representing the Labor Party and was the Minister for Immigration Multicultural Affairs and Citizenship the Minister for the Arts and the Vice-President of the Executive Council in the Second Rudd Ministry. Burke first entered public office in 2003 as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council.
 Studies in the Labour Theory of Value is a 1956 book by Ronald L. Meek.
 The Naga Hills reaching a height of around 3825 metres (12549 ft) lie on the border of India and Burma (Myanmar). They are part of a complex mountain system and the parts of the mountain ranges inside the Indian state of Nagaland and the Burmese region of Sagaing are called the Naga Hills.In British India the major part of the hills came under the Naga Hills district.The hills due to their complexity and position form a barrier between the two countries.
 Zuidbroek (Gronings: Zuudbrouk) is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is located in the municipality of Menterwolde about 6 km north of Veendam.Zuidbroek was a separate municipality until 1965 when it became a part of Oosterbroek.
 Chris Johnson is an American politician from Maine. He is a member of the Maine Senate. A Democrat Johnson won a special election to replace David Trahan who had resigned to work as a lobbyist. In 2010 Johnson lost to Trahan with 32% of the vote. He won election to his first full term in November 2012 by 171 votes over Republican State Representative Les Fossel.
 The Stearns–Wadsworth House is a historic Italianate residence in Bald Mound Blackberry Township an unincorporated settlement near Batavia Illinois. It was built in 1868 for George N. Stearns a farmer who owned the most land in the township. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Otluca is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 273 people.
 Country Croonin' is an album by Canadian artist Anne Murray. It was released by Straightway Records on October 22 2002. The album peaked at number 13 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Mutation Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes research papers in the area of mutation research which focus on fundamental mechanisms underlying the phenotypic and genotypic expression of genetic damage.
 The Stockholm City Museum (Swedish: Stockholms stadsmuseum) is a museum documenting preserving and exhibiting the history of Stockholm. The museum is housed in Södra Stadshuset at Slussen on Södermalm. The building was completed in 1685.
 Rien que pour ça... is the second album by the French singer Elsa Lunghini and was released in 1990.NB. Sound quality: ADD.
 Tjønnholsoksle is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Tanystoma is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae. They are native to the Pacific Coast of North America from Oregon to Baja California.Species include: Tanystoma cuyama Liebherr 1985 Tanystoma diabolica Liebherr 1989 Tanystoma maculicolle (Dejean 1828) Tanystoma striata (Dejean 1828) Tanystoma sulcata (Dejean 1828)↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑ ↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2
 Emamzadeh Shah Zeyd (Persian: امامزاده شاه زید‎) is an imamzadeh in Isfahan Iran. It belongs to the early Safavid era. It is well known for paintings on its walls. These paintings are about the Battle of Karbala. Cavalries are in in the most parts of the paintings but there are also other elements such as veiled women dead bodies birds mosques and even flowers and nightingales.
 Mordellistena falsoparvuliformis is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1963 by Ermisch.
 Winning in India: Secrets of Success for Winning in the World's Most Complex Market is a book by authors Samarjit Singh and Amit Burman.
 Malir River (Urdu: ملير ندی‎) is located in Karachi Sindh Pakistan. Malir River passes through the city of Karachi from North East to the Centre and drains into the Arabian Sea. Malir river is one of the two rivers passing through Karachi and the other is Lyari River. It has two main tributaries the Thadho and the Sukhan.In the rainy season this river experiences heavy water flow with millions of gallons emptying into the Arabian Sea.
 Providence Town Center is a lifestyle center located near Collegeville in Upper Providence Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It is located at the interchange between U.S. Route 422 and Pennsylvania Route 29. The Providence Town Center has Wegmans Movie Tavern Best Buy LA Fitness Dick's Sporting Goods Michaels and PetSmart as anchors.
 Ischnocampa nubilosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1892. It is found in Ecuador.
 Ronald Whitney is an American politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1995 to 1997. He was elected to the House in 1995 in a special election to succeed Michael Sullivan who was appointed Plymouth County District Attorney. He was defeated in his bid for a full term by Kathleen Teahan.
 The Journal of Disability Policy Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers in the field of disability studies including issues in ethics public policy and the law related to individuals with disabilities. The editors-in-chief are Mitchell Yell (University of South Carolina) and Antonis Katsiyannis (Clemson University). It was established in 1990 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
 Don't Ask Don't Tell is a 2002 parody film directed by Doug Miles and written by famed gay screen writer Tex Hauser.
 San Benito Mountain is a mountain located in the Diablo Range of California. The mountain which rises to an elevation of 5267 feet (1605 m) is the highest point in San Benito County and the Diablo Range and is also the highest point in the San Francisco Bay Area though due to distance from other cities and the inner core of the region Mount Hamilton is instead considered the region's highest point.
 Fontamara is a 1980 Italian film directed by Carlo Lizzani based on the novel of the same name by Ignazio Silone.It stars Michele Placido in the role of Berardo Viola and Antonella Murgia as Elvira.Ida Di Benedetto won the Nastro d'Argento (Silver Ribbon) for Best supporting Actress in 1981 for her supporting role as Maria Rosa.
 Parsadewadh is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6779 people living in 1230 individual households.
 Tereki (Persian: تركي‎ also Romanized as Terekī and Terkī; also known as Bazargān) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 21 families.
 The Zombie Survival Guide written by American author Max Brooks and published in 2003 is a survival manual dealing with the fictional potentiality of a zombie attack. It contains detailed plans for the average citizen to survive zombie uprisings of varying intensity and reach and describes cases of zombie outbreaks in history including an interpretation of Roanoke Colony. The Zombie Survival Guide was also featured on The New York Times Best Seller's list.
 Superlópez contra el robot de bolsillo (translated as Superlópez Against the Pocket Robot) is a 2003 Spanish CGI animation short film directed by Enrique Gato and based on JAN's comics Superlópez.Gato fan of this comic series wont to make a homage at JAN work with a 3 minutes animation film although he tried to make a long duration film but wasn't possible.The plot is about a battle on the street between the main character against a giant robot.
 Glen B. Gainer Jr. (July 4 1927 – September 8 2009) was an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who served as the 18th State Auditor of West Virginia from 1977 to 1993.
 The Starke Round Barn near Red Cloud Nebraska United States is a round barn that was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The River Bain is a river in Lincolnshire England and a tributary of the River Witham.The Bain rises in the Lincolnshire Wolds at Ludford a village on The Viking Way long-distance footpath and flows through or past the villages of Burgh on Bain Biscathorpe Donington on Bain Goulceby with Asterby and Hemingby before reaching the town of Horncastle where it is joined by the River Waring which rises at Belchford 5 miles (8.0 km) to the north east of Horncastle.After leaving Horncastle the Bain flows through the villages of Kirkby on Bain Coningsby and Tattershall and joins the Witham at Dogdyke. 
 Pravda Severa (Russian: Правда Севера Truth of the North) is a Russian Arkhangelsk-based newspaper published since 1917. It is issued three times a week on Tuesday Wednesday and Saturday in the A3 format. The Wednesday circulation is 20050 copies with 7000—8000 copies on Tuesday and Saturday.
 Cooper Street Historic District is a historic district located in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. The district goes from 2nd Street to 7th Street along Cooper Street and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 7 1989.
 Brandi Carlile is the debut album from American folk rock singer Brandi Carlile. It was released July 12 2005 on Red Ink Records.
 The Caitlin Raymond International Registry (CRIR) is a bone marrow registry that is a subsidiary of the University of Massachusetts Memorial Medical Center in Worcester Massachusetts.
 The Lowell Power Canal System is the largest power canal system in the United States at 5.6 miles in length. The system's estimated output is 10000 horsepower operating six major canals on two levels controlled by numerous gates.
 Siagonyx is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Siagonyx amplipennis Macleay 1871 Siagonyx blackburni Sloane 1916 Siagonyx mastersii Macleay 1871↑
 Sweethearts is a 1938 Technicolor musical romance directed by W.S. Van Dyke starring Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy. The screenplay by Dorothy Parker and Alan Campbell uses the “play within a play” device: a contemporary Broadway production of the 1913 Victor Herbert operetta is the setting for another pair of sweethearts the stars of the show. This was the first color film for Nelson or Jeanette (as well as MGM's first three strip Technicolor feature).
 Dr. Ronald N. Kornblum was an American coroner who served as Los Angeles County Coroner from 1982 to 1990.
 Book of Love is a 2004 film written and directed by Alan Brown. It stars Frances O'Connor Simon Baker and Gregory Smith.
 Ligota Książęca [liˈɡɔta kɕɔ̃ˈʐɛnt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Rudnik 8 km (5 mi) north of Racibórz and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 160.
 Our Noise is an album by Herrmann & Kleine band. It was their first and the last album since the duo is now disbanded. The album was recorded on the Morr Music label.
 Flickan från tredje raden (English: The Girl from the Third Row) is a 1949 Swedish comedy film directed by Hasse Ekman.
 Mark Anthony Sullivan AO is a former senior Australian public servant and policymaker.
 The Way is a 2010 American drama film directed produced and written by Emilio Estevez starring his father Martin Sheen Deborah Kara Unger James Nesbitt Yorick van Wageningen and Estevez.It honours the Camino de Santiago and promotes the traditional pilgrimage. Saying he did not want the film to appeal to only one demographic Emilio Estevez called the film pro-people pro-life not anti-anything.
 For the upcoming film see Alexander and the Terrible Horrible No Good Very Bad Day (film)Alexander and the Terrible Horrible No Good Very Bad Day published in 1972 is an ALA Notable Children's Book written by Judith Viorst and illustrated by Ray Cruz. It has also won a George G. Stone Center Recognition of Merit a Georgia Children's Book Award and is a Reading Rainbow book.
 Caristius is a genus of manefishes native to the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
 Qameshkan-e Olya (Persian: قمشكان عليا‎ also Romanized as Qameshkān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Qameshgān-e Bālā and Qamīshgān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Churs Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 8 families.
 The Mailman is a 2004 thriller directed by Tony Mark and written by Brian Mazo.
 Bengt Jönsson (Oxenstierna) (1390s–1450s) Swedish statesman and co-regent of Sweden under the Kalmar Union from January to June 1448 together with his brother Nils Jönsson (Oxenstierna). Member of the Privy Council of Sweden from 1435 and Lord Justice of Uppland in 1439. Dubbed as knight by King Christopher of Bavaria following his coronation in 1441 and Master of the Royal Court from the same year.
 Green Memorial A.M.E. Zion Church (also known as Abyssinian Congregational Church and Society) is a historic church at 46 Sheridan Street in Portland Maine.It was built in 1914 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Darreh Shur-e Mehdi (Persian: دره شورمهدي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Shūr-e Mehdī) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 39 families.
 The Rinckel Mansion at 102 N. Curry St. in Carson City Nevada is a historic house built in 1875. It was home of Mathias Rinckel a merchant in Carson City. It was designed and built by Ecole de Beaux Arts-trained architect Charles H. Jones.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Adriaan Johannes Vlok (born 11 December 1937 in Sutherland Northern Cape) was Minister of Law and Order in South Africa from 1986 to 1991 in the final years of the apartheid era. Facing increasingly-intense opposition and political unrest in this period the South African government – through the State Security Council of which Vlok was a member – planned and implemented drastic repressive measures including hit squads carrying out bombings and assassination of anti-apartheid activists.
 Barrosasaurus is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur first described by paleontologists Leonardo Salgado and Rodolfo Coria in 2009. The fossils consisting of three fossil dorsal (back) vertebrae are well-preserved but incomplete. They were discovered in the Anacleto Formation of the Neuquén province of western Argentina. The type species is Barrosasaurus casamiquelai. The specific epithet honours the Argentinian paleontologist Rodolfo Magín Casamiquela.
 Rakht (English: Blood) is a 2004 Indian supernatural horror film directed and written by Mahesh Manjrekar. The film features Bipasha Basu in the lead playing a tarot card reader. It also stars Sanjay Dutt Suniel Shetty Dino Morea Amrita Arora and Neha Dhupia in pivotal roles. Abhishek Bachchan appears in a special appearance.The storyline was lifted from the 2000 Hollywood thriller film The Gift. Furthermore the song Kya Maine Socha was a remake of the Blue song One Love.
 Bioska (Serbian Cyrillic: Биоска) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia on the mountainous banks of Đetinja river between Zlatibor and Tara mountains and close to Mokra Gora-Drvengrad a.k.a. Küstendorf or Mećavnik (Мећавник) and Uzice-Ponikve airport. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 554. The Monastery of Rujno is situated nearby.
 Patsy McGlone is a politician from Ballinderry in Northern Ireland. He is a Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for Mid Ulster and former Deputy Leader of the SDLP (2010-11). He has been an MLA since 2003.From 1993 to 2009 McGlone was also Councillor in Cookstown District Council.
 The New American Poetry 1945–1960 was a poetry anthology edited by Donald Allen and published in 1960. It aimed to pick out the third generation of American modernist poets and included quite a number of poems fresh from the little magazines of the late 1950s. In the longer term it attained a classic status with critical approval and continuing sales. It was reprinted in 1999.
 Flames of Passion (1922) was a British silent film drama directed by Graham Cutts starred Mae Marsh and C. Aubrey Smith.The film was made by the newly formed Graham-Wilcox Productions company a joint venture between Cutts and producer Herbert Wilcox. The entrepreneurial Wilcox tempted American star Marsh to England with a high salary offer believing this would improve the film's marketability in the U.S.The gamble paid off as it became the first post-war British film to be sold to the U.S.
 Drillia echinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.This is a species inquerenda (needing further investigation). According to J.K. Tucker (2004) this species is a synonym of Clavus flammulatus Montfort 1810
 The New Machiavelli is a 1911 novel by H. G. Wells that was serialized in The English Review in 1910. Because its plot notoriously derived from Wells's affair with Amber Reeves and satirized Beatrice and Sidney Webb it was the literary scandal of its day.
 Appalachian Blues is the fifth studio album by singer Stella Parton. A plaintive collection of songs which combine country with hints of blues gospel and folk. This album displays Parton's unique vocal styling plus her creative songwriting.
 Shahr Ashub (Persian: شهراشوب‎ also Romanized as Shahr Āshūb; also known as Shahr Ashaf) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District Hasanabad District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 492 in 111 families.
 Citizen in Space is a collection of science fiction short stories by Robert Sheckley. It was first published in 1955 by Ballantine Books (catalogue number 126).
 Volle Kraft Voraus! is the second album by the German band Die Krupps.
 Hydrophis bituberculatus commonly known as Peters' Sea Snake is a species of venomous elapid.It is found in the Indian Ocean (Sri Lanka Thailand).
 Robert Ivan Rob Lucas (born 7 June 1953) is an Australian politician and a Liberal Party of Australia Member of the Opposition in the South Australian Legislative Council and was re-elected in the 2006 election.Before his entry into politics Lucas gained Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Economics degrees as well as an MBA.
 Bankomatt is a 1989 Italian-Swiss drama film directed by Villi Hermann. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.The story follows a man planning and conducting a bank robbery. It is revealed he was formerly an employee of the bank and is acting out of disgruntlement towards the current boss.
 Rapped in Romance is the final album from the World Class Wreckin' Cru released under the Epic record label in 1986. Cli-N-Tel left the group during the fall of 1985 which led to Lonzo recruiting Shakespeare to join the group. Ice Cube a member of the C.I.A around this period who was friends with Dr. Dre co-wrote one of the songs on the album together called Cabbage Patch.
 Straight No Chaser is the second studio album by British pop musician Mr Hudson a follow-up to the last album released under the name Mr Hudson & The Library entitled A Tale of Two Cities. Straight No Chaser was released in the UK on 19 October 2009. It was released in the United States on 29 June 2010.
 Dr. jur. Hans Heinrich Lammers (27 May 1879 – 4 January 1962) was a German jurist and prominent Nazi politician. From 1933 until 1945 he served as head of the Reich Chancellery under Adolf Hitler.
 Welcome to Higby is the critically acclaimed second novel by Mark Dunn published in 2002 by MacAdam/Cage. and dedicated to his twin brother Clay.
 James Thomas Dooley (26 April 1877 – 2 January 1950) served twice briefly as Premier of New South Wales during the early 1920s.
 Michel Bellehumeur (born January 21 1963) is a Quebec politician. He was the Bloc Québécois Member of Parliament for the riding of Berthier—Montcalm.Born in Louiseville Quebec he was a lawyer before he was first elected in 1993. He was re-elected in 1997 and 2000. From 1994 to 1996 and in 1997 he was the Deputy House Leader of the Official Opposition and Bloc Québécois Deputy House Leader.
 The Dougan Round Barn in Beloit Wisconsin United States was a round barn that was built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It was demolished in 2012.The barn served as a dairy barn until 1968. At its peak the farm had 120 cows.The owner of the farm was Wesson J. Dougan a Methodist pastor who gave up the ministry when he became deaf. He purchased his farm in 1906 established the Dougan Dairy and finished building the round barn in 1911.
 Kilverbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Comisoaia River is a tributary of the Sineşti River in Romania
 Shin Kong Life Tower (Chinese: 新光人壽保險摩天大樓; pinyin: Xīnguāng Rénshòu Bǎoxiǎn Mótiān Dàlóu) is the third tallest building in Taiwan at 51 storeys 244.76 metres (803.0 ft). The rose-coloured skyscraper topped by a pyramid stands in Zhongzheng District Taipei. Its first twelve floors and two underground floors house a Shin Kong Mitsukoshi Department Store; the remaining floors provide office space and serve as headquarters for the Shin Kong Life Insurance Company.
 Khant is a small noted village in the Khamanon tehsil of Fatehgarh Sahib district in East Punjab (Indian Punjab). Maanpur is just 0.6 km away in the east so they often called Khant Maanpur together. A noted Punjabi singer-songwriter and actor Babbu Maan belongs to the village.
 Joseph-Georges Caron (December 4 1896 – January 15 1956) was a Canadian provincial politician.Born in Maisonneuve (Montreal) Quebec Caron was the member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Maisonneuve from 1939 to 1944.
 The Ferenți River is a tributary of the Tigăile River in Romania.
 Tsimlyansk Reservoir or Tsimlyanskoye Reservoir (Russian: Цимля́нское водохрани́лище) is an artificial lake on the Don River in the territories of Rostov and Volgograd Oblasts at 47°50′N 42°50′E. Completed in 1952 the reservoir is one of the largest in Russia providing power and irrigation to the Rostov and Volgograd regions.
 Castle Richmond is the third of five novels set in Ireland by Anthony Trollope. Castle Richmond was written between 4 August 1859 and 31 March 1860 and was published in three volumes on 10 May 1860. It was his tenth novel. Trollope signed the contract for the novel on 2 August 1859. He received £600 £200 more than the payment for his previous novel The Bertrams reflecting his growing popular success.Castle Richmond is set in southwestern Ireland at beginning of the Irish famine.
 Nocturama is the twelfth studio album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds released in 2003. It so far has a Metacritic score of 73 out of 100 based on generally favorable reviews. To date it is the last Bad Seeds album to feature founding member Blixa Bargeld. This album reunited Nick Cave with Nick Launay who had produced Junkyard by The Birthday Party 21 years earlier.
 Bloomfield Academy was a Chickasaw school for girls founded in 1852 by the Reverend John Harpole Carr located in the Chickasaw Nation in Indian Territory near the present town of Achille Oklahoma. It was a boarding school funded by both the Missouri Conference of the Methodist Church and the government of the Chickasaw Nation.
 Living Death (Korean: 불신지옥 lit. Distrust Hell also known as Faith or Possessed) is a 2009 South Korean horror film written and directed by Lee Yong-joo. The film received 248503 admissions in South Korea.
 Orthogonius burckhardti is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Objazda-Kolonia [ɔbˈjazda kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Ustka 15 km (9 mi) north of Słupsk and 105 km (65 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Aenetus lewinii is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from New South Wales and Queensland.The larvae feed on various trees including Casuarina and Leptospermum species. They bore in the stems of saplings.
 Hrolf Kraki's Saga is a fantasy novel by Poul Anderson. It was first published by Ballantine Books as the sixty-second volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in October 1973 and has been reprinted a number of times since.
 Ikimono-bakari Members Best Selection (いきものばかり～メンバーズBESTセレクション～) is Japanese pop rock band Ikimono-gakari's first greatest hits album. It was released on 3 November 2010 by Sony Music Entertainment Japan. The album features 31 previously released tracks and three new songs: Ima Hashiridaseba Spirits and Kaze to Mirai.It was released in two versions: a regular 2CD edition and a limited 2CD+DVD edition. The first press regular edition contains an ikimono-card 021.
 Großer Dambecker See is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 52.4 m its surface area is 0.94 km².
 Angus “Tando” MacIsaac (born June 4 1943 in London United Kingdom) is a politician educator and businessman in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Middle Peak elevation 13286 ft (4050 m) is a summit in the Lizard Head Wilderness of the San Miguel Mountains in southwest Colorado.
 St Mary's Church Capel-le-Ferne is a redundant Anglican church to the northeast of the village of Capel-le-Ferne Kent England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an isolated position adjacent to Capel Church Farm to the north of the A20 road and 2 miles (3.2 km) northeast of Folkestone.
 MoRT (an acronym for Metamorphosis of Realistic Theories; Mort is also the French word for death) is an avant-garde metal album by French black metal band Blut Aus Nord released in 2006.
 Extra Medium Kick Ball Star (17) is a mid-career album by California Punk Rock band Fifteen.
 Zeleneč is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 The Edward J. Dahinden House is located in Milwaukee Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Calophasia angularis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the western parts of the Sahara and Morocco throughout all North Africa Riyadh Israel Jordan and Turkmenistan.Adults are on wing from February to March. There is one generation per year.
 Clifton is a historic plantation home located near Hamilton Cumberland County Virginia. It was built about 1760 and is a two-story seven bay frame dwelling in the Georgian style. It has a hipped roof and a one-bay one-story wing on the west end. The front facade features a three-bay one-story gable roof porch supported by elongated Tuscan order columns.
 Myriostephes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Ross A. McClellan (born October 8 1942) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 to 1987 as a member of the New Democratic Party (NDP).McClellan was educated at St. Michael's College and the school of Social Work at the University of Toronto.
 Zone of Emptiness (Shinku chitai 1952) is a war novel by Japanese writer Hiroshi Noma. It was translated into French at the University of Tokyo and published by Editions Le Sycomore as Zone de vide and subsequently translated into English by Bernard Frechtman and published in the United States in 1956.
 First Congregational Church and Lexington School (also known as New School Presbyterian Church and the Old Congregational Church) consists of an historic church building located at 47 Delaware Street and an historic school building located at 51 W. Church Street both in Lexington Ohio. The school building is now the Richland County Museum.On February 23 1979 the two buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Osterfjorden is a fjord in Hordaland county Norway. The fjord is one of three fjords surrounding the island of Osterøy. The fjord runs along the municipal border of Lindås and Osterøy municipalities. The fjord begins at the Romarheimsfjorden and flows to the west for 27 kilometres (17 mi) before ending near the village of Knarvik at the confluence of four fjords: Osterfjorden Radfjorden (to the north) Sørfjorden (to the south) and Salhusfjorden (to the west).
 David Howard Harrison (June 1 1843 – September 8 1905) was a politician farmer and physician. He was born in the township of London Canada West and moved to Manitoba in 1882. He and his family soon established themselves as substantial landowners.Harrison's political fortunes went through a remarkable rise and fall between 1882 and 1888.
 The Deerfield Valley Agricultural Society Fairgrounds also Charlemont Fairgrounds and Memorial Park are a public park in Charlemont Massachusetts. The 24-acre (9.7 ha) property occupies a plateau above the town and is reached via an access road (Park Road) from Massachusetts Route 8A near the Bissell Bridge.
 Darreh Khun-e Faleh (Persian: دره خون فالح‎ also Romanized as Darreh Khūn-e Fāleḩ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 7 families.
 Sadabad (Persian: سعداباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘dābād) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District in the Zagros District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 31 families.
 Drums of Tombalku is an American fantasy short story one of the original ones by Robert E. Howard featuring Conan the Cimmerian a fragment begun in the 1930s but not finished or published in Howard's lifetime. It was completed by L. Sprague de Camp and in this form first published in the collection Conan the Adventurer (1966).
 Partulina is a genus of tropical air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae.
 Luxury Problem is the fifth studio album by the punk rock band Lunachicks. It was released by Go-Kart Records in June 8 1999.
 The Emerald-chinned Hummingbird (Abeillia abeillei) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is found in Belize El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Spilled Water is a children's novel by Sally Grindley published in 2004. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Gold Award and was longlisted for the Carnegie Medal. It tells the story of a Chinese girl Lu Si-yan who is sold into domestic service when she is just eleven years old. The story also tells of Lu Si-Yan working as an underaged worker in a factory sweat shop.
 Pacific Rim is the soundtrack to the film of the same name. It was released on digital download from Amazon on June 18 2013 and CD June 25 2013. The physical version of the soundtrack was released on July 9 2013 three days before the theatrical release of the film itself.The film's score was composed by Ramin Djawadi with guest musicians Tom Morello and Priscilla Ahn.
 Dragičina (Cyrillic: Драгићина) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Grude.
 Ectoedemia coscoja is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is endemic to Spain (Catalunya Aragon Andalusia).The wingspan is 4.3-5.1 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Quercus coccifera. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a sinuous or contorted gradually widening gallery often following a vein for some distance filled with brown or black frass. Pupation takes place outside of the mine.
 Mohammed Majid Hussain is a politician and the present Mayor of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation. He belongs to All India Majlis-e Ittihad al-Muslimin party.
 The music video for Eiffel 65's Blue (Da Ba Dee) was released in 1999 by the BlissCoMedia a computer graphics company of the Bliss Corporation known at the time the video was produced and released as BlissMultiMedia. The video featured computer graphics done in 3ds Max and features Eiffel 65 members Maurizio Lobina and Gabry Ponte trying to save Jeffrey Jey from the aliens Zorotl and Sayok6.
 Conservation Physiology is an online open access journal published on behalf of the Society for Experimental Biology by Oxford University Press. The first volume was published in 2013. The journal focuses on all taxa and physiology in the broadest sense with articles contributing to the knowledge of how organisms populations ecosystems and natural resources are affected by environmental change and stressors. The inaugural paper in the journal by Steven J.
 Vicentico 5 (2012) is the fifth album by Argentine Rock pop Singer/songwriter Vicentico.
 The Spanish Main (1945) is an adventure film starring Paul Henreid Maureen O'Hara Walter Slezak and Binnie Barnes and directed by Frank Borzage. It was RKO's first all-Technicolor film since Becky Sharp ten years before.Cinematographer George Barnes received an Academy Award nomination for Best Color Cinematography. Though a box office hit upon its first release the film is chiefly remembered today for its lavish and intricate score by Hanns Eisler.
 Harvest Of Hits is an original jazz compilation by Nat King Cole released by Capitol Records in 1952. Both a 10 inch (33-1/3rpm) LP version containing 8 tracks and a 6 track boxed set of three 7 inch (45rpm) discs was released.
 The Yellow Admiral is a novel by English author Patrick O'Brian the eighteenth in the Aubrey-Maturin series of historical fiction set in the era of the Napoleonic Wars.
 What Richard Did is a 2012 Irish film directed by Lenny Abrahamson and written by Malcolm Campbell. The film is loosely based on Kevin Power's Bad Day in Blackrock a fictionalised story based on the assault on Brian Murphy outside the Burlington Hotel in Dublin in 2000.
 Pereküla is a village in Halinga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Megalomyrmex silvestrii is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae. Megalomyrmex silvestrii is widespread in the mainland Neotropics from Mexico to northern Argentina. This species occurs in moist to wet forest habitats from sea level to 1100 m elevation. It nests in small chambers in rotten wood or opportunistically in other small cavities in the soil.
 Gornje Trudovo is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 139 people.
 Dasht Azadgan (Persian: دشت آزادگان‎ also Romanized as Dasht Āzādgān; also known as Deq Dozdān) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District in the Central District of Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 22 families.
 Karačići (Serbian: Карачићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 African forest buffalo (Syncerus caffer nanus) is the smallest subspecies of the African buffalo. It is related to the Cape buffalo (Syncerus caffer caffer) West African savanna buffalo (Syncerus caffer brachyceros) and Central African savanna buffalo (Syncerus caffer aequinoctialis). However it is the only subspecies that occurs mainly in the rainforest of central and western Africa with an annual rainfall around 1500 mm.
 Eupithecia tricrossa is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the southern Himalaya from Nepal to Tibet Sikkim Bhutan north-eastern India and northern Myanmar.
 Chah-e Baluch (Persian: چاه بلوچ‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Balūch) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 6 families.
 Wappenshall Junction (grid reference SJ662145) is a British canal junction located at Wappenshall Shropshire. It was created when the Newport Branch Canal joined the Shrewsbury Canal in 1835 and was closed along with the canal in 1944.
 Ek Yi Oun (born 1910) is/was a Cambodian statesman. He was the Prime Minister of Cambodia from 11 January 1958 until 17 January 1958.
 Major General Higinio Morínigo Martínez (January 11 1897 – January 27 1983) was a Paraguayan dictator general and political figure. He served as the President of Paraguay from 7 September 1940 to 3 June 1948.Morínigo was born in Paraguarí Paraguay in 1897 the son of a merchant. Little is known of his early life though he served in the Army in the Chaco War and was appointed Army Chief of Staff in 1936.
 The Chiltern Hills form a chalk escarpment in South East England. They are known locally as the Chilterns. A large portion of the hills was designated officially as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty in 1965.
 Anthology 2 is a compilation album by The Beatles released by Apple Records in March 1996. It is the second of the three-volume Anthology collection all of which tie-in with the televised special The Beatles Anthology. The opening track is Real Love the second of the two recordings that reunited the Beatles by means of magnetic tape. Like its predecessor the album topped the Billboard 200 album chart and has been certified 4× Platinum by the RIAA.
 A Sailor's Sweetheart is a 1927 film directed by Lloyd Bacon.
 William J. Schneider (born April 25 1959) is a Maine politician and lawyer. Schneider was elected the attorney general of Maine by the State Legislature following its takeover by the Republican Party in the election of 2010 and served until 2013. He is a retired United States Army officer. In March 2012 he announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for U.S.
 GameGO! was an ambitious but short-lived video game magazine. Conceived by Eric C. Mylonas and Thomas Keller and staffed by former GameFan editors it not only intended to follow in the footsteps of the then-defunct GameFan Magazine but focus even deeper into the hardcore gaming market. The magazine's coverage tended to eschew more well-known mainstream games in favor of providing better exposure to obscure niche and import games.Only one issue was ever published.
 Penicillaria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Gangster We Are All Looking For is the first-novel by Vietnamese-American author lê thi diem thúy published in 2003. It was first published as a short piece in The Best American Essays of 1997 and was also awarded a Pushcart Prize “Special Mention.”The novel is a fragmented sequence of events recollected by a nameless narrator. In a first-person narrative the narrator tells the stories of her past experiences as a Vietnamese immigrant.
 Sturanyella carolinarum is a species of land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Helicinidae the helicinids.
 Albert Herren (born June 8 1952 in Fall River Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 6th Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1985–1997.
 The Astaire Story is a 1952 album by Fred Astaire. The album was conceived of and produced by Norman Granz the founder of Clef Records (and later Verve Records) who was also responsible for the Jazz at the Philharmonic concerts at which all of the musicians on the album had performed.
 Evolution is a 2001 American science fiction comedy film directed by Ivan Reitman and starring David Duchovny Orlando Jones Seann William Scott Julianne Moore and Ted Levine. In the United States it was released by DreamWorks and internationally by Columbia Pictures.The plot of the film follows college professor Ira Kane (David Duchovny) and geologist Harry Block (Orlando Jones) who investigate a meteor crash in Arizona.
 Edward Robeson Taylor (September 24 1838 – July 5 1923) was the 28th Mayor of San Francisco serving from July 16 1907 to January 7 1910.Edward Robeson Taylor was born on September 24 1838 in Springfield Illinois the only son of Henry West Taylor and the former Mary Thaw of Philadelphia Pennsylvania (he was descended on his mother's side from the early colonial merchant Andrew Robeson of Philadelphia.) He was a lawyer and a poet in California before he became mayor publishing an 1898 book of sonnets based on the paintings of William Keith. 
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Joseph Leonard Camera (August 14 1914 – June 30 1993) is a Democratic politician who formerly served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives. A native of Lorain Ohio Camera entered the race to replace retired Rep. Ed DeChant in 1968 and won the nomination and general election. He was sworn into office on January 3 1969 and would serve a portion of Lorain County for the entirety of the 1970s.
 Raraju (Telugu: రారాజు) is a Telugu film which is directed by K. R. Udhayashankar. G.V.G. Raju (of Godavari fame) produced this film. Gopichand plays the lead role while Meera Jasmine and Ankitha play supporting roles. The film released on 20 October 2006.
 Shokrabad (Persian: شكراباد‎ also Romanized as Shokrābād; also known as Lashkarābād) is a village in Khalazir Rural District Aftab District Tehran County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 305 in 73 families.
 Wired For War: The Robotics Revolution and Conflict in the 21st Century (Penguin 2009) is a best-selling book by P. W. Singer. It explores how science fiction has started to play out on modern day battlefields with robots used more and more in war.
 Assessment is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of psychology especially applied clinical assessment. The editor-in-chief is R. Michael Bagby (University of Toronto). It was established in 1994 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Borysławka [bɔrɨˈswafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Fredropol 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Przemyśl and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Elevator is a 2012 American thriller film directed by Stig Svendsen. It follows the struggles and conflicts of nine strangers trapped in a Wall Street elevator 49 floors above Manhattan on the way to a company party. One of the group has a bomb. The film's events follow the group's attempts to escape with racism greed and revenge playing key elements as they all fight to survive.
 Your Sinclair or YS as it was commonly abbreviated was a British computer magazine for the Sinclair range of computers mainly the ZX Spectrum.
 Bursa quirihorai is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae the frog shells.
 Johnny Steals Europe (German: Jonny stiehlt Europa) is a 1932 German comedy crime film directed by Harry Piel and starring Piel Dary Holm and Alfred Abel. The film was based on a novel by Walter Scheff. It premiered on 15 June 1932. A German helps a group of Americans to recover Europa their stolen horse.
 The William Chapline House in Sharpsburg Maryland United States is a large stone house built about 1790. The house has shaped stonework at the front and rubble stonework on the sides with a cast-iron porch added around the turn of the twentieth century. The house was damaged during the Battle of Antietam when it was hit with canister shot. At that time it was occupied by Dr. Augustin A. Biggs who treated the wounded from the battle in the house.
 Proeulia vanderwolfi is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile (O’Higgins Province).The wingspan is 20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is ferruginous cream.
 The BBC Recordings was the last live compilation album by Welsh rock band Budgie. The tracks on this album were taken from five shows.
 Play (simplified Chinese: 家用电脑与游戏; pinyin: Jiāyòng Diànnǎo Yǔ Yóuxì; literally: Home Computer Game) is a Chinese game-and-software oriented magazine founded in October 1993 and first officially published in June 1994 by Popular Science Press (simplified Chinese: 科学普及出版社; pinyin: Kēxué Pŭjí Chūbănshè). The magazine was originally named Jiāyòng Diànnǎo Yǔ Yóuxìjī (simplified Chinese: 家用电脑与游戏机; literally: Home Computer and Game Console) and focused on both PC games and console games.
 Libro de Manuel is a novel by Julio Cortázar first published in 1973. It was later translated into English by Gregory Rabassa and published in the US as A Manual for Manuel.Cortázar's only explicitly political novel it was written as a direct response to the escalating political repression and violence in Argentina and elsewhere in Latin America.
 Rise and Resurrection of the American Programmer is a book written by Edward Yourdon in 1996. It is the sequel to Decline and Fall of the American Programmer. In the original written at the beginning of the '90s Yourdon warned American programmers that their business was not sustainable against foreign competition.
 Endangered Species is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Angel. Tagline: Can Angel rid the world of all vampires?
 Field Marshal John Standish Surtees Prendergast Vereker 6th Viscount Gort VC GCB CBE DSO & Two Bars MVO MC (10 July 1886 – 31 March 1946) was a British and Anglo-Irish soldier. As a young officer in World War I he was decorated with the Victoria Cross for his actions during the Battle of the Canal du Nord. During the 1930s he served as Chief of the Imperial General Staff (professional head of the Army).
 Cold Fire is a 1991 novel written by the best-selling author Dean Koontz.
 Adam Gray is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly. He is a Democrat representing the 21st district encompassing all of Merced County and portions of Stanislaus County. Prior to being elected to the state assembly he managed a small public affairs and communications firm and claimed to be a lecturer at the University of California Merced.
 The University Hospital Bonn is the tertiary referral academic teaching hospital associated with the University of Bonn. It is located at University of Bonn - Campus Venusberg Bonn-Venusberg Bonn Germany. It is among the leading hospitals in Germany and Europe providing excellent patient care and research. Since 2008 the German Center for Neurodegenerative Diseases (DZNE) is being established on the hospital site
 Sheikh Pierre Gemayel (Arabic: الشيخ بيار الجميّل‎) (6 November 1905 – 29 August 1984) (last name also spelt Jmayyel Jemayyel or al-Jumayyil Sheikh is an honorific title in Arab countries) was a Lebanese political leader. He is remembered as the founder of the Kataeb Party (also known as the Phalangist Party) as a parliamentary powerbroker and as the father of Bachir Gemayel and Amine Gemayel both of whom were elected to the Presidency of the Republic in his lifetime.
 The Terra Ceia Village Improvement Association Hall built in 1906 is an historic building located at 1505 Center Road in Terra Ceia Florida. Also known as the Terra Ceia Woman's Club it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 16 2003 as part of the Clubhouses of Florida's Woman's Clubs Multiple Property Submission (MPS).
 Spin (also known as You Are Here) is a 2007 American comedy-drama film directed by Henry Pincus and featuring Patrick Flueger Adam Campbell Katie Cassidy and Lauren German.
 Cellana is a genus of sea snails or limpets marine gastropod molluscs in the family Patellidae the true limpets.
 Klupper is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Anoba is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 A Room with a View is a 1908 novel by English writer E. M. Forster about a young woman in the repressed culture of Edwardian era England. Set in Italy and England the story is both a romance and a critique of English society at the beginning of the 20th century. Merchant-Ivory produced an award-winning film adaptation in 1985.The Modern Library ranked A Room with a View 79th on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century (1998).
 A Woman of Paris is a feature-length silent film that debuted in 1923. The film an atypical drama film for its creator was written directed produced and later scored by Charlie Chaplin. It is also known as A Woman of Paris: A Drama of Fate.
 The Matrimandir (Sanskrit for Temple of The Mother) is an edifice of spiritual significance for practitioners of Integral yoga situated at the centre of Auroville initiated by The Mother of the Sri Aurobindo Ashram. It is called soul of the city and is situated in a large open space called Peace. Matrimandir does not belong to any particular religion or sect.
 Ted Nugent: Extended Versions is a compilation album of by the American hard rock guitarist Ted Nugent featuring songs extracted from his live albums.
 Linnaemya is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Atwood is a small town located in Perth County Ontario Canada. Nearby centres include Listowel and Elmira. Atwood is located on Highway 23 between Perth Line 75 (formerly 8th Concession) and Perth Line 72.The population is between 500 and 1000 inhabitants.There are 3 churches in Atwood including the Atwood Presbyterian Church as well as the Elma Township Cemetery. All are located along Line 75.The Atwood/Coghlin Airport is located here.
 The Cowboy Way is a 1994 comedy film directed by Gregg Champion and starring Woody Harrelson and Kiefer Sutherland.
 The Black-eared Mantella (Mantella milotympanum) is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.It is kept as a pet.
 3/3/03 – Tokyo Japan is a two-disc live album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam. It was released to retail stores on June 10 2003.
 The Wrong Car is an EP by Scottish indie rock band The Twilight Sad released on 27 September 2010. The EP features two previously unreleased tracks The Wrong Car and Throw Yourself Into the Water Again as well as two remixes of tracks from the band's second album Forget the Night Ahead: The Room remixed by Mogwai and Reflection of the Television remixed by Errors.
 Lady Oscar is a 1979 film based on the manga The Rose of Versailles by Riyoko Ikeda. The film was written and directed by Jacques Demy with music composed by his regular collaborator Michel Legrand. The film is a Japanese-French co-production and was filmed in France.
 Great Cities of the Ancient World is a 1972 history book by L. Sprague de Camp published by Doubleday. A translation into German has also appeared.The work is a study of the ethnology history geography and everyday life in such famous ancient capital cities as Thebes Jerusalem Nineveh Tyre Babylon Memphis Athens Syracuse Alexandria Anuradhapura Rome Pataliputra and Constantinople.
 Stanley William McInnis (October 8 1865 – November 4 1907) was a Canadian dentist and politician in Manitoba. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1899 to 1907 as a member of the Conservative Party and was briefly a cabinet minister in the government of Rodmond Palen Roblin.McInnis was born in Saint John New Brunswick and was educated at Manitoba College and the Philadelphia Dental College. He practiced as a dentist before entering political life.
 Harald Ringstorff (born 25 September 1939 in Wittenburg Mecklenburg) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) and was minister-president of the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. He has been heading a coalition government of SPD and PDS (now Left Party) from 1998 until 2006 and since then was heading a coalition between SPD and CDU.
 Walk Like a Man full title Walk Like a Man: A Real Life Drama About Blood Sweat & Queers is a 2008 Australian documentary film about gay rugby union co-produced and co-directed by Patricia Zagarella and Jim Morgison and narrated by Australian former rugby league international Ian Roberts.
 Eiszeit (German for Ice age) is the fourth album by German Neue Deutsche Härte band Eisbrecher.
 Chotynin [xɔˈtɨnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Wieruszów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Bolesławiec 10 km (6 mi) south of Wieruszów and 108 km (67 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 300.
 Bugzy-Jarki [ˈbuɡzɨ ˈjarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Albums is a box set of recordings by the Swedish pop group ABBA. It was released on November 11 2008 through Universal Music. The box set includes nine discs the first eight are all of the original studio albums the way they were originally released between 1973 and 1981 while the ninth disc features all of the singles that were not released on the band's studio albums along with some of the b-sides. It does not include rarities or extras. The box set has charted in several countries.
 Cupido pierde a Paquita (Cupid Loses Paquita) is a 1955 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 The Lead is a 1985 e.p. by The Lead.
 Myślec [ˈmɨɕlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Sącz within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Stary Sącz 9 km (6 mi) south of Nowy Sącz and 78 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 140.
 The Phoenix (German: Phönix aus Asche) (ISBN 0-385-50677-5) is a 2000 historical novel written by German author Henning Boëtius. Its central plot revolves around the 1937 Hindenburg Disaster.
 Darpa is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae. Their distribution is restricted to the Indo-Chinese region.
 The Antillean Euphonia (Euphonia musica) is a bird species in the finch family Fringillidae (formerly in Thraupidae).It is found in all the main islands of the Lesser Antilles and the Greater Antilles from Hispaniola eastwards.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Round Trip is an album by The Gap Band released in November 14 1989 on the Capitol Records/EMI Records. The album includes the number one hit single on the American R&B chart All of My Love and the single Addicted to Your Love.
 Raise the Bar: An Action-Based Method for Maximum Customer Reactions is an non-fiction book by bar consultant and Bar Rescue host Jon Taffer. The book focuses on Jon Taffer's philosophy of Reaction Management which focuses on creating the right reactions in bar customers. The book is schedule to be released on October 8 2013.
 The Ethel Apartment House is a historic apartment building at 70 Patton Street in the North End of Springfield Massachusetts. The four story red brick building was built in 1912 for Jacob Blisky a successful local retailer at a cost of $14000. It was designed by Burton Gechler a local architect who designed a number of other apartment blocks during the 1910s. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 In Search of Dr. Seuss is a feature film chronicling the adventures of a news reporter (Kathy Najimy) who enters the world of Dr. Seuss by opening a magical book. It came to DVD in 2003 and again in 2008 as a bonus feature for the TV movie Horton Hears a Who!.
 Made In Switzerland is a live video and album release by Gotthard. It was released worldwide in 2006 as a combined DVD and CD package.The concert was filmed and recorded at the Hallenstadion in Zürich Switzerland on December 8 2005 as part of the bands Lipservice tour.
 Pachydota drucei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Mexico and Colombia.
 Sergei Sergeevich Sidorsky (Belarusian: Сярге́й Сярге́евіч Сідо́рскі tr. Syarhey Syarheyevich Sidorski [sʲarˈʝej sʲiˈdorsci]; Russian: Серге́й Серге́евич Сидо́рский tr. Sergey Sergeyevich Sidorskiy; born March 13 1954 in Homiel BSSR Soviet Union) was Prime Minister of Belarus from 10 July 2003 to 28 December 2010. He was appointed Acting Prime Minister on July 10 2003 to replace the dismissed Gennady Novitsky and was confirmed as permanent Prime Minister on December 19 2003.
 Dipturus is a large genus of skates native to the Pacific Atlantic and Indian oceans.
 Kurtziella vincula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Dainik Tribune (Hindi: दैनिक ट्रिब्यून) is an Indian Hindi-language daily newspaper published from Chandigarh New Delhi Jalandhar Dehradun and Bathinda. It was established in 1978 by The Tribune Trust which published the The Tribune English daily estb. 1881 simultaneously the Punjabi Tribune in Punjabi-language was also launched. Santosh Tewari is the editor of the Dainik Tribune. Raj Chengappa is the Editor-in-Chief of The Tribune Group of Newspapers.
 Narlık is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 All Hail the Dead is the second full length album from Metalcore band Walls of Jericho. The album cover was drawn by Philadelphia-based artist Mark Price.
 Jonathan is a 1970 West German horror film directed by Hans W. Geißendörfer. The film stars Jürgen Jung Hans-Dieter Jendreyko and Paul Albert Krumm. The film takes place in the 16th century where vampires who are immune to sunlight have taken over the world. Human rebels band together for a battle of life and the control of the civilization.
 Dr. ʻAna Maui Taufeʻulungaki is a Tongan academic and politician.She has a Ph.D. from the University of Birmingham.For thirty years she worked as teacher school principal curriculum developer educational administrator and planner in the Tongan Ministry of Education.
 The Central Ontario Visitor was a weekly community newspaper in Bobcaygeon Ontario Canada published in conjunction with the Bobcaygeon Independent and the Fenelon Falls Gazette. It was established in 1985. The paper was geared towards tourists and was inserted weekly into the Independent and Gazette during the warmer months of May through October.
 Zameen (Devnagari: ज़मीन English: Land) is a 2003 Indian Hindi action thrillerfilm directed by Rohit Shetty in his directional debut and starring Ajay Devgan Abhishek Bachchan and Bipasha Basu in the lead roles.
 Nikolai Ivanovich Yezhov or Ezhov (Russian: Никола́й Иванович Ежо́в IPA: [nʲɪkɐˈlaj jɪˈʐof]; May 1 1895 – February 4 1940) was a Soviet secret police official under Joseph Stalin. He was head of the NKVD from 1936 to 1938 during the most severe period of Stalin's Great Purge. His time in charge is sometimes known as the Yezhovshchina (Russian: Ежовщина the Yezhov era) a term coined during the de-Stalinization campaign of the 1950s.
 The Wharf of the Caravels (Spanish: Muelle de las Carabelas) is a museum in Palos de la Frontera in the province of Huelva autonomous community of Andalusia Spain. Its most prominent exhibits are replicas of Christopher Columbus's boats for his first voyage to the Americas the Niña the Pinta and the Santa María. These were built in 1992 for the Celebration of the Fifth Centenary of the Discovery of America.
 The Museo Popol Vuh (Popol Vuh Museum) is home to one of the major collections of Maya art in the world. It is located on the campus of the Universidad Francisco Marroquin in Zone 10 Guatemala City and is known for its extensive collection of pre-Columbian and colonial art of the Maya culture. The Popol Vuh Museum is a private nonprofit scientific institution supported by its own funds and external donations.
 The Charnel Prince is a fantasy novel by Greg Keyes. It is a sequel to The Briar King and the second book of The Kingdoms of Thorn and Bone.
 The Caatinga Horned Frog (Ceratophrys joazeirensis) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Luciny [luˈt͡ɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Śrem and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 250.
 Not One Single Fucking Hit Discography is a collection of one album four 7s and live recordings by hardcore punk band Aus-Rotten. Although this is billed as a discography there are two albums that follow: 1998's ...And Now Back to Our Programming and 2001's The Rotten Agenda.
 Strictly Instrumental is the title of a recording by American folk music artists Doc Watson Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs released in 1967.
 Münzbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Jack & Diane is a 2012 American romantic horror film written and directed by Bradley Rust Gray and starring Riley Keough and Juno Temple. Olivia Thirlby and Ellen Page were originally cast for the lead roles in 2008 before the project was postponed.
 Beloved Infidel is a 1959 DeLuxe Color biographical drama film made by 20th Century Fox CinemaScope and based on the life of F. Scott Fitzgerald. The film was directed by Henry King and produced by Jerry Wald from a screenplay by Sy Bartlett based on the memoir by Sheilah Graham and Gerold Frank. The music score was by Franz Waxman the cinematography by Leon Shamroy and the art direction by Lyle R.
 The Endicott Mountains are a range of mountains part of the Brooks Range in northern Alaska. They are located in the middle of the Brooks range and run some 151 miles (243 km) east–west. To the east are the Philip Smith Mountains and to the west are the Schwatka Mountains. The Endicott Mountains are separated from the Philip Smith Mountains by the Middle Fork of the Koyukuk River the Dalton Highway and Atigun Pass.
 Simon's Way is an album by The Simon May Orchestra and released in 1986. Anita Dobson who also starred in the television show EastEnders sings the theme to the show (Anyone Can Fall In Love). Marti Webb sings the theme to the television show Howards' Way (Always There).
 Ab Chur (Persian: ابچور‎ also Romanized as Āb Chūr and Ābchowr; also known as Āpkhvor) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 106 families.
 Conversational Capital: How to Create Stuff People Love to Talk About is a book about engineering word-of-mouth into brand experiences.
 Josiah Bartlett House is a house in Kingston New Hampshire.The house was built for Josiah Bartlett around 1774 and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.The house is located on Main Street opposite Town Hall in Kingston.
 Glamorgan also known as Kittery Hill is a large Queen Anne style house in Deer Park Garrett County Maryland. It is a large 2 1⁄2-story frame building built in 1888 as a summer house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Berbera gerbil Gerbillus acticola is distributed mainly in Somalia.
 The Unknown Tomorrow (German: Das unbekannte Morgen) is a 1923 German silent drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Werner Krauss María Corda and Olga Limburg. A wife is wrongly believed of adultery by her husband who leaves her. She then struggles to prove her innocence and win him back while foiling the machinations of an admirer of hers who wishes to keep her apart from her husband.
 The Wallace River is a medium sized river in Washington United States. It is a tributary of the Skykomish River and joins near Sultan just upstream from the mouth of the Sultan River. The Wallace River is 15 miles (24 km) long. Its drainage basin is 30 square miles (78 km2) in area.
 Crystal Lake is located in Silver Lake Ohio. It is one of the two man made lakes in the village.
 The Thomas W. Clyde is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack normally ported at Deal Island Maryland. Built at Oriole Maryland in 1911 the Clyde is one of nineteen surviving skipjacks built before 1912.
 Apple Orchard Mountain is a peak of the Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia.Located in Jefferson National Forest Apple Orchard Mountain is the county highpoint for both Bedford County and Botetourt County Virginia as well as the highest point on the Blue Ridge Parkway in Virginia. It is also the most topographically prominent mountain in the state. The summit is open and an FAA radar stands nearby. This radar stand makes the mountain recognizable from miles away.
 Oakdale is a historic home and farm located near Floyd in Floyd County and Franklin County Virginia. The house was built about 1890 and is a large two-story three bay frame dwelling in the Queen Anne style. It has a complex hipped roof and features a double-tier heavily ornamented front porch with turned posts a spindle frieze and sawn brackets. Also on the property are a contributing large center-aisle barn (c. 1890) a two-story brick general store building (c.
 Keezhaiyur is a revenue village in the Karaikal taluk of Karaikal District. It is situated at a distance of about 6 kilometres south-east of Karaikal town and 2 kilometres east of Tirumalarajanpattinam commune.
 Hi Infidelity is the ninth studio album by REO Speedwagon released in 1980 (see 1980 in music). It went on to become the biggest selling rock LP of 1981 eventually selling over ten million copies. Six songs from this album hit Billboard charts including Keep On Loving You which was the band's first Number 1 hit and Take It on the Run which reached No. 5 on the charts.
 Heliochris amazona is a species of damselfly in the family Dicteriadidae. It is found in America: Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Paraguay Suriname Venezuela.
 Szypłów [ˈʂɨpwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) south of Środa Wielkopolska and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Yellow-bellied Brush-furred Rat (Lophuromys luteogaster) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Republic of the Congo and Democratic Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and plantations .
 Berste is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Tomás Xavier de Lima Teles da Silva 1st Marquis of Ponte de Lima 13th Count of Vila Nova de Cerveira (12 October 1727 — 23 December 1800) was a Portuguese nobleman statesman and historian.
 Robert L. Regula is an Ohio Democratic Party politician who formerly served in the Ohio General Assembly. As an employee of the Ohio Bell Telephone Company and a former township trustee Regula was appointed to succeed Representative Irene Smart in 1978 who had won a judiciary position. Soon after his appointment Regula won a tough primary battle for the Democratic nomination. He lost the general election to Chuck Red Ash a popular high school football coach.
 Clearcut is a 1991 Canadian drama film about clearcutting in a Canadian province. This motion picture stars Graham Greene Floyd Red Crow Westerman Tom Jackson and Raoul Trujillo. It is directed by Ryszard Bugajski. The filming location was in Thunder Bay Ontario. Phil Harris who is best known as the voice of Baloo in Disney's 1967 animated film The Jungle Book was cast in this movie as a policeman.
 Oštarski Stanovi is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D1 highway.
 The Hollywood Reporter or THR is a multiplatform American media brand founded in 1930 and focusing on the Hollywood motion picture industry television entertainment and Hollywood's intersection with fashion finance law technology lifestyle and politics. Headquartered in Los Angeles THR is now part of Guggenheim Digital Media a group of properties that also includes media entities Billboard Adweek Back Stage Sonicbids the CLIO Awards and the Film Expo Group.
 The Pantagraph is a daily newspaper that serves Bloomington-Normal Illinois along with 60 communities and eight counties in the Central Illinois area. Its headquarters are in Bloomington and it is owned by Lee Enterprises. The newspaper has an estimated 107000 daily readers. The name is derived from the Greek words panta and grapho which has a combined meaning of write all things.Bloomington businessman Jesse W.
 Devisthan Parbat is a village development committee in Parbat District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2729 people living in 479 individual households.
 Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm is a 1938 American musical film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Shirley Temple Randolph Scott and Bill Robinson. The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg is loosely based on Kate Douglas Wiggin's novel Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm. The film tells the story of a talented orphan's trials and tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
 An Elegant Evening is a 1985 (see 1985 in music) album by the American jazz singer Mel Tormé accompanied by George Shearing.
 The Crooked Trail is a 1936 American film directed by S. Roy Luby.
 Sanjeev Jha is an Indian politician belonging to Aam Aadmi Party. In December 2013 he was elected to the Delhi Legislative Assembly as the MLA for Burari constituency.Sanjeev Jha born in a middle class family in Madhubani District of Bihar State. After completing his graduation from Bihar he came to delhi to prepare for civil services. In order to maintain his day to day life expenses he started giving tuition to students.
 The Daet Cathedral also known as the Cathedral of the Most Holy Trinity is a prominent Latin Rite Roman Catholic cathedral located in Daet Camarines Norte erected in 1984 when the Diocese of Daet was created by a Papal Bull of May 27 1974. As of 2013 the rector is the Most Reverend Gilbert Armea Garcera.
 Skardtind is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 György Balla (born August 11 1962) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) since 1998. He is one of the deputy leaders of the Fidesz parliamentary group since May 14 2010.
 Sophia Helena Sophie in 't Veld (born 13 September 1963) is a Dutch Member of the European Parliament for the social liberal party Democrats 66 as part of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe.
 Doylestown is a village located atop the highest point in Wayne County Ohio United States. The population was 3051 at the 2010 census. Doylestown is served by a branch of the Wayne County Public Library.
 Revenge is the 16th studio album by American rock band Kiss released on May 19 1992. It was the band's first album after the death of long-time drummer Eric Carr in November 1991. Carr was replaced by Eric Singer. It was Kiss' first album since the 1979 Dynasty to reach Top 10 in United States. The album was a success over the world reaching the Top 20 in seven other countries.
 Kuduz is a 1989 film set in SR Bosnia and Herzegovina written by Abdullah Sidran and Ademir Kenović who also directed the film. It was nominated for three European Film Awards in 1989: Best Young Film Best Actress (for Snežana Bogdanović) and Best Composer (for Goran Bregović). It is based on the true story of the outlaw Junuz Kečo.
 Levipalpus hepatariella is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe except Ireland Belgium the Iberian Peninsula Ukraine and most of the Balkan Peninsula. In the east the range extends to the eastern part of the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 20–25 mm. Adults have been recorded from August to the beginning of September.The larvae feed on Arenaria species and Antennaria dioica.
 Second Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 700 Pine Street in Chattanooga Tennessee affiliated with Presbyterian Church USA.The Gothic Revival building designed by Reuben Harrison Hunt was built in 1890. It is the oldest building designed by Hunt that is still extant in Chattanooga.
 Mark V. Falzone (born June 14 1975 in Melrose Massachusetts) is an American political figure who is the Deputy Director of the National Immigration Forum and a former member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
 The Chechidla Range is a mountain range in northernwestern British Columbia Canada located about 150 km (93 mi) west of Dease Lake and 125–150 km south-southeast of Atlin. It has an area of 3236 km2 and lies roughly in between the Whiting and Sutlahine Rivers on the west and northwest and the Samotua and Sheslay on the east. It is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains of the Pacific Cordillera mountain system.
 The Valea Sasului River or Sasul River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 Big Bang: The most important scientific discovery of all time and why you need to know about it is a book written by Simon Singh and published in 2004 by Fourth Estate.Big Bang chronicles the history and development of the Big Bang model of the universe from the ancient Greek scientists who first measured the distance to the sun to the 20th century detection of the cosmic radiation still echoing the dawn of time.The book discusses how different theories of the universe evolved along with a personal look at the people involved.
 Guddi (Hindi: गुड्डी) is a 1971 Hindi comedy-drama film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee and written by Gulzar. It starred Dharmendra Jaya Bachchan and Utpal Dutt. It is Jaya Bachchan (née Bhaduri)'s career-making film in which she plays a schoolgirl obsessed with the actor Dharmendra who plays himself. She earned a Filmfare nomination as Best Actress the only nomination for the film. Utpal Dutt also has a starring role.
 Verona Rag is the twenty-fifth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 1986 and released on the Italian Soul Note label in 1987. The solo album features three of Hill's original compositions and two jazz standards.
 Montfichet's Tower (Mountfitchet's or Mountfiquit's Tower or Castle) was a Norman fortress on Ludgate Hill in London between where St Paul's Cathedral and City Thameslink railway station now stand. First documented in the 1130s it was probably built in the late 11th century. The defences were strengthened during the revolt of 1173–1174 against Henry II. It was demolished in 1213 by King John and the site sold in 1275 to build the great Dominican priory of Blackfriars.
 Living in the 70's is the debut album by Melbourne band Skyhooks. Released in October 1974 on the Mushroom Records label the album achieved relatively little success until early 1975. It spent 16 weeks at the top of the Australian album charts from late February 1975 and became the highest-selling album by an Australian act in Australia up until that time with sales of 240000. In October 2010 it was listed at No.
 Autumn Term is the first in the series of novels about the Marlow family by Antonia Forest. First published in 1948 and set in that post-war period. The plot focuses on the youngest Marlows identical twins Nicola and Lawrence during their first term at Kingscote School for Girls. The next book in the series is The Marlows and the Traitor.
 Two Lives (German: Zwei Leben) is a 2012 German drama film directed by Georg Maas. The Film won The Grand Prize and the BIFF Award for the Best Film at the Biberach Independent Film Festival The Audience Award at the International Filmfest Emden and was nominated for the International Debut Award at the Göteborg International Film Festival. The film has been selected as the German entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards making the January shortlist.
 Postplatyptilia genisei is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Argentina.The wingspan is 19-21 mm. Adults are on wing in December January March and May.
 Quake also known as Aftershock and Stalker is a USA Suspense thriller TV movie released on June 23 1992. The film starred Steve Railsback and Erika Anderson. The film was directed by Louis Morneau.
 Let It Snow is an EP by Canadian artist Michael Bublé released in the United States on November 25 2003. It was later re-released in the United States on October 8 2007 and in the United Kingdom on October 16 2007. The EP was made available as a digital download and CD in the United States however the CD release in the UK was exclusive to HMV stores.
 Alexander the Great is a Malayalam film released in May 2010. The film is directed by Murali Nagavalli scripted by C. Balu and stars Mohanlal Bala Kirron Kher and Aswathy. It is different from most films in that the main character played by Mohanlal has no heroine counterpart for his role. It is described by the director as a comical racy entertainer.The film is a partial adaptation of the Hollywood film Rain Man.However this film was a huge flop .
 Hyloscirtus albopunctulatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Daniel John Hannan (born 1 September 1971) is a British politician journalist and author who is a Member of the European Parliament representing South East England for the Conservative Party. He is also the Secretary-General of the Alliance of European Conservatives and Reformists (AECR).
 Inside Out is the eighth studio album by country music singer Trisha Yearwood. It was her second studio album of the new millennium.The album reached #1 on the Billboard country albums chart. The album also contained the bonus track You're Where I Belong on UK Asian and Australian releases. In the U.S. I Would've Loved You Anyway and the Don Henley duet title track were both released as singles; they peaked at #4 and #31 respectively on the Billboard country charts.
 Moonglow is a duo guitar Jazz studio album by Bucky Pizzarelli and Frank Vignola released in 2005 by the independent record label Sindrome Records.
 Acrocercops tacita is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Greece (including the Peloponnisos and Rhodes) and Lebanon.The larvae feed on Quercus coccifera. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the underside of the leaf.
 Laguna Creek is a 8.5-mile-long (13.7 km) south by southwest-flowing stream originating on Ben Lomond Mountain in the Santa Cruz County California United States. It culminates in a lagoon before reaching the Pacific Ocean about six miles northwest of Santa Cruz California.
 Károly Olt (14 May 1904 - 22 March 1985) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Finance between 1950 and 1956.He moved from Transylvania to Hungary in 1920 (after the Treaty of Trianon). He became a member of the Hungarian Communist Party in 1930. He was arrested and condemned because of his communist activities. After that Olt took part in the reestablishment of the communist party. Between 1947 and 1 June 1949 he served as Minister of Welfare.
 Megaritual is a record by Omar Rodríguez-López released by Willie Anderson Recordings.Megaritual is the fifth and final album in the series initiated and recorded by Omar Rodriguez Lopez in Amsterdam in 2005. Committed to tape in 2006 and mixed the following year the album features nine instrumental tracks performed solely by Rodriguez-Lopez and his brother Marcel Rodriguez-Lopez.
 Koolimuttam is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Out of the Ruins is a lost 1928 silent film drama produced and distributed by First National Pictures. John Francis Dillon directed and Richard Barthelmess stars.
 Kimmerosaurus (lizard from Kimmeridge) is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the family Cryptoclididae closely related to Tatenectes.
 The Amtsberge are a relatively small ridge up to 392.2 m above sea level near Dassel in southern Lower Saxony in Germany.
 Seeds of Change: Five plants that transformed mankind is a 1985 book by Henry Hobhouse formerly a journalist for The Economist News Chronicle Daily Express and the Wall Street Journal consultant to the Quincentenary of Columbus Exhibition Smithsonian Institution Washington DC and Chairman of the Rerstmoceux Science Centre.
 Waking Sleeping Beauty is a 2009 American documentary film directed by Disney film producer Don Hahn and produced by Hahn and former Disney executive Peter Schneider.
 David Ingolf Maurstad was the 36th Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska from 1999 to 2001. He was appointed Mitigation Division director at Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) in 2006.Maurstad received his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and Master of Business Administration from the University of Nebraska–Lincoln.Maurstad was an insurance agent for nearly 25 years in Nebraska and was the mayor of Beatrice Nebraska and later a member of the Nebraska Legislature.
 The Collection is the third of four compilation albums by the British alternative rock band James. Released in 2004 almost three years after the band separated in December 2001 it contains an unusual mix of hit singles key album tracks B-sides and some rarer tracks making the release useful for collectors.
 Somatina pythiaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Ethiopia and South Africa.
 I'll Cry If I Want To was the debut album of Lesley Gore. The album included her hit singles It's My Party and its follow-up Judy's Turn to Cry. The album was rushed out after It's My Party became a big hit and the songs are mostly about crying linking to the hit single's first line It's my party and I'll cry if I want to incorporating songs with titles such as Cry Just Let Me Cry and Cry and You Cry Alone.
 The PGGMB Building was constructed in 2003 is the third tallest building in Brunei after The DST Group Building. The Building was listed as the sixth tallest Building in Borneo just about 295 feet high.
 West Oaks Mall is a regional shopping mall located in the Alief area of the west side of Houston Texas USA that opened in 1984. It is located at the southwest corner of the intersection of Westheimer Road and Highway 6. Anchor stores include a Dillard's Clearance Store Edwards Theaters Macy's and Sears.
 The Pohuenui River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southeast reaching the Waipu River close to the latter's mouth immediately north of the town of Waipu.
 Limatula aupouria is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae the file shells or file clams.
 David Gillies (June 27 1849 – October 12 1926) was a lumber merchant in Ontario and political figure in Quebec. He represented Pontiac in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1892 to 1908 as a Liberal.
 See also Cannonball Baker Sea-To-Shining-Sea Memorial Trophy DashCannonball Run II (1984) is a comedy film featuring Burt Reynolds and an all-star cast released by Warner Bros. and Golden Harvest.
 The Investigation is a play by Peter Weiss written in 1965 which depicts the Frankfurt Auschwitz Trials of 1963-1965. It premiered on October 19 1965 on stages in fourteen West and East German cities and at the Royal Shakespeare Company in London. It carries the subtitle Oratorio in 11 Cantos. Weiss was an observer at the trials and developed the play partially from the reports of Bernd Naumann.
 Bahan (Persian: بهان‎ also Romanized as Bahān and Behān; also known as Dīhūn) is a village in Doboluk Rural District Arjomand District Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 57 families.
 Kolo Christopher Laurent Roger commonly known as Roger Kolo (born 3 September 1943) has been Prime Minister of Madagascar since April 2014.Kolo was born in Belon'i Tsiribihina Menabe at the south-west coast of Madagascar. His father worked at a post office and served as vice-mayor. His younger brother Roland Kolo was a Member of the upper chamber of the Parliament of Madagascar.He studied at the University of Antananarivo 1970–1977 where he obtained a degree in medicine.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Izadkhvast Rural District in the Central District of Abadeh County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Immaculate Conception Rectory is a historic Roman Catholic rectory located at 108 Beach Street in Revere Massachusetts. The rectory built in 1901 was added to the National Historic Register in 2002. Today the rectory is the Museum of the Revere Society for Cultural and Historic Preservation. Immaculate Conception Church located at 133 Beach Street is still an active parish.
 Ciucaş Peak (Romanian: Vârful Ciucaş) is the highest peak of Ciucaş Mountains Southern Carpathians.
 About Love is the second album French female band the Plastiscines.About Love was recorded in LA in February 2009. It contains twelve tracks including the single Barcelona and Bitch and I Am Down which were featured in the episode They Shoot Humphreys Don't They? (Episode 9 of the Third Season) of Gossip Girl. Its highest chart position in France was 138th. It fell out in 179th place on the 22nd February 2010.
 Baldy Mountain (official name) Baldy Peak Mount Baldy or Old Baldy is the highest peak in the Cimarron Range a subrange of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of New Mexico. It is located in Colfax County about 6 miles (10 km) northeast of Eagle Nest.
 Arctic Tale is a 2007 documentary film from the National Geographic Society about the life cycle of a walrus and her calf and a polar bear and her cubs in a similar vein to the 2005 hit production March of the Penguins also from National Geographic. It was directed by Adam Ravetch and Sarah Robertson and is narrated by Queen Latifah.
 Merle Boucher (born July 19 1946) is a North Dakota Democratic-NPL Party politician who served in the North Dakota House of Representatives representing the 9th district from 1991 to 2011. He served as Minority Leader from 1996 to 2011.Boucher sought and lost the Democratic-NPL nomination for Governor in 2004 and in 2008 but became the running mate of 2008 nominee Tim Mathern running on the ticket as the nominee for Lieutenant Governor.
 My Old Duchess is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Lupino Lane and starring George Lacy Betty Ann Davies and Dennis Hoey. In an effort to impress a film producer a stage manager disguises himself as a duchess. It was based on an original sketch by Fred Karno.
 Lightspeed is the debut album by the Dutch rock band Destine. It was released February 1 2010 and January 29 2010 on iTunes. Prior to the release of the album seven of the twelve songs were released on the singles Stars and In Your Arms.
 Mačkovac (Gornji Vakuf) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Red Rock Reserve is a major volcanic site made up of several large maar craters some of which are intermittently filled by lakes. It is situated in Victoria Australia about ten kilometres north of Colac.
 Chaughare is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1685 in 279 individual households.
 Merijntje Gijzens Jeugd is a 1936 Dutch drama film directed by Kurt Gerron.
 Alypophanes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The St. Louis Kid is a 1934 drama film starring James Cagney as a truck driver who gets mixed up in a union dispute after a union leader is killed and his girlfriend is kidnapped after witnessing the crime.
 Onmyouji (陰陽師) is a Japanese movie that was released in 2001 and sent to the US in 2004. Directed by Yōjirō Takita it tells of the exploits of Abe no Seimei in Middle Ages the Onmyouji (also known as: The Yin Yang Master) from the court of the Emperor. He befriended bungling court noble Minamoto no Hiromasa who enlists his aid to defend the Heian emperor.
 Lichtspielhaus (obsolete German for cinema; literally light-play house) is the German NDH-metal band Rammstein's second DVD and was released on December 1 2003. It is a compilation of all their videos to date and some live performances commercial advertisements trailers and makings-of.
 The Hale-Elmore-Seibels House or Seibels House is a historic building located in Columbia South Carolina. Records of the exact year of its construction were destroyed in 1865 during the burning of the city by Union soldiers serving under General William Tecumseh Sherman. The best guess for the date of construction stems from a purported 1796 carved into a beam in the basement.
 Khari Aghlan (Persian: خري اغلان‎ also Romanized as Kharī Āghlān; also known as Khar Āghlān) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 27 families.
 Dioungani is a village and commune of the Cercle of Koro in the Mopti Region of Mali.
 The John C. Ainsworth House is a historic building in Oregon City Oregon United States. It was built in 1851[citation needed] for John C. Ainsworth the main founder of the Oregon Steam Navigation Company. It is one of the oldest structures in the Portland Area and remains in good condition. It is also the only 2-story portico in Oregon.
 Rajiva Wijesinha MA DPhil (Sinhala: රජීව විජේසිංහ) (born May 16 1954) is a Sri Lankan writer in English distinguished for his political analysis as well as creative and critical work.
 Frédéric Dohou is a political figure from Benin.He holds a PhD in Development Economics (1986) and he held several ministerial posts under the chairmanship of Mathieu Kérékou.Founder of the University of Science and Technology of Benin it is currently the chairman of the board of the Network of Universities of Science and Technology of the Countries of Africa south of the Sahara (RUSTA).
 St Peters (grid reference ST570686) is a church in Bishopsworth Bristol England.It was built in 1842 by SC Fripp.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.The churchyard contains war graves of four soldiers an airman and Royal Navy sailor of World War II.
 The Nudist Story is a 1960 British film set at a nudist colony.
 Mukhsin is a 2006 Malaysian film directed by Yasmin Ahmad. It is the third installment in the Orked trilogy. Shot in just 12 days it won one award and one special mention at the 57th Berlin International Film Festival (2007) under the children's film category: International Jury of Generation Kplus - Grand Prix of the Deutsches Kinderhilfswerk for Best Feature Film and the Generation Kplus Children’s Jury Awards - Special Mention.
 Ćavarine (Serbian: Ћаварине) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ittiva is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Reform School Girl is a 1957 film starring Gloria Castillo as a teenage girl who is sent to a reformatory. The film was directed by Edward Bernds and was produced by Samuel Z. Arkoff. Reform School Girl was one of many sexploitation films released by American International Pictures (AIP) during the 1950s and 1960s. AIP’s films during this period were largely focused on juvenile delinquency.
 The Reading Standpipe was a historic water tower atop a hill near the corner of Auburn and Beacon Streets in Reading Massachusetts. The 138-foot (42 m) tower was built in 1890-91 as part of Reading's first water supply system and was for many years a significant community landmark. The tower was built of steel and wrought iron in a style reminiscent of medieval fortifications.The tower was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Master Plan is a 1990 studio album by drummer Dave Weckl.
 The Waikato River is the longest river in New Zealand running for 425 kilometres through the North Island. It rises in the eastern slopes of Mount Ruapehu joining the Tongariro River system and emptying into Lake Taupo New Zealand's largest lake. It drains Taupo at the lake's northeastern edge creates the Huka Falls and then flows northwest through the Waikato Plains. It empties into the Tasman Sea south of Auckland at Port Waikato.
 Petre Mavrogheni (1819 – 20 April 1887) also known as Petru Mavrogheni was a Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 11 May until 13 July 1866 and as the Minister of Finance.
 The Coldwater River is located in south central British Columbia Canada. It is the largest tributary of the Nicola River which it joins at the city of Merritt. The river drains a watershed of 917 square kilometres (354 sq mi). Its traditional native name is Ntstlatko (cold water).
 Merzbear is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is the fifth part of the Merz series on Important Records.
 Mesturus is an extinct genus of bony fish from the Jurassic.
 P2 is a 2007 American/Canadian thriller film directed by Franck Khalfoun written and produced by Khalfoun Alexandre Aja and Grégory Levasseur and starring Rachel Nichols and Wes Bentley. The trio of Khalfoun Aja and Levasseur have also worked on the 2006 film The Hills Have Eyes.The film's title comes from an underground parking-garage level in which the film takes place.
 Adineta ricciae is a species of freshwater rotifer in the family Adinetidae. It was first described in 2005 after being discovered by chance in dry mud beside a billabong in Australia. It is used as a model organism as it is easy to keep in culture.
 Open Doors (original Italian title: Porte aperte) is an award-winning 1990 film directed by Gianni Amelio. Set in Palermo in the 1930s a judge who is morally against the death penalty is confronted with the case of a man who has murdered his wife and two colleagues in cold blood. Opposed by both the fascist government and public opinion he struggles to do what he believes is right. Based on a 1968 novel Porte Aperte by Leonardo Sciascia.
 Rissoa decorata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Raggedstone Hill is situated on the range of Malvern Hills that runs approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-south along the Herefordshire-Worcestershire border. Raggedstone Hill lies close to the borders of Herefordshire Worcestershire and Gloucestershire. It has an elevation of 254 metres (833 ft).The northern flank of the hill lies on the southern side of the Hollybush pass from where its summit is a brisk 15–20 minutes steep walk from the nearby Hollybush car park.
 Neutscher Höhe is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Cyclosomus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cyclosomus basalis Kolbe 1897 Cyclosomus buquetii Dejean 1831 Cyclosomus collarti Burgeon 1931 Cyclosomus equestris Boheman 1848 Cyclosomus flexuosus (Fabricius 1775) Cyclosomus inustus Andrewes 1924 Cyclosomus madecassus Fairmaire 1898 Cyclosomus philippinus Heller 1923 Cyclosomus rousseaui Dupuis 1912 Cyclosomus rugifrons Jeannel 1949 Cyclosomus somalicus Alluaud 1935 Cyclosomus sumatrensis Bouchard 1903 Cyclosomus suturalis (Wiedemann 1819)↑
 Franklin & Vermont is Ernie Halter's full-length album released on June 28 2010. The album is named after the cross streets where Halter lives in Los Angeles.
 Praful Manoharbhai Patel (born in Kolkata India on 17 February 1957) is an Indian politician and businessman. His father the late Manoharbhai Patel was a Congressman elected to represent Gondia district in Maharashtra. Praful Patel graduated as a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Bombay and married Smt. Varsha Patel a Guajarati businessman’s daughter.
 The Serious Game (Swedish: Den allvarsamma leken) is a 1912 novel by Hjalmar Söderberg. It tells the story of a man and a woman who fall in love when young and remain in love but stay separated and marry others.Two films based on the book were produced in 1945 and 1977.
 The Caxias River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 A Tale of Two Cities was a 1946 propaganda/documentary film about the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki produced by the Army-Navy Screen Magazine.The film chronologically and for the most part neutrally[citation needed] describes the testing and the use of the atomic bombs impact on Hiroshima describing where the bomb was actually dropped and the damage done to military industrial targets as well as noting which edifices sustained less damage like those built with reinforced concrete. 
 Ecthetis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mazraeh-ye Shenatal-e Sofla (Persian: مزرعه شناتال سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Shenātāl-e Soflá) is a village in Chahriq Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 4 families.
 The Essential Neil Diamond is a two-disc compilation album by Neil Diamond. It was released by Columbia Records in 2001 as part of series of Essential collections which has each devoted to one of the record label's major long-term stars. Others in the series are Bob Dylan Billy Joel and Barbra Streisand.Diamond and his collaborator Al Quaglieri personally chose the 38 tracks that appeared in the collection.
 Lixnaw (Irish: Leac Snámha meaning swimming flagstone) is a village in North County Kerry Ireland. It is located near the River Brick 11 km (6.8 mi) SW of Listowel and 17 km (11 mi) NE of Tralee.
 Small is a peer-reviewed interdisciplinary journal published twenty-four times a year. Small publishes research in science and technology on the micro- and nanoscales in the form of Communications Reviews Concepts Highlights Essays and Full Papers. The journal was co-founded by Chad Mirkin and Peter Gölitz. The editorial office is in Weinheim Germany. Small is available online through the Wiley Online Library. All of the publications can be found here.
 Rud-e Hasan-e Sofla (Persian: رودحسن سفلي‎ also Romanized as Rūd-e Ḩasan-e Soflá and Rūd Ḩasan-e Soflá; also known as Kaleh Mar Sofla Kalleh Mār Kalleh Mār-e Pā’īn and Kalleh Mār-e Soflá) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 20 families.
 Mirai Ninja (未来忍者 lit. Future Ninja) known as Cyber Ninja in the United States is a 1998 Japanese science fiction action film directed by Keita Amemiya which was co-produced and released by Namco that premiered at the Cannes Film Festival. An arcade game of the same title was also developed and released by Namco.
 Dyseuaresta is a genus of the family Tephritidae better known as fruit flies.
 St. Andrew's Episcopal Church in Port Angeles Washington United States was built in 1905. The church was built in the Gothic Revival style. It is also known as Salvation Army Citidel Corps.
 Okleśna [ɔˈklɛɕna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Alwernia within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Alwernia 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Chrzanów and 31 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 957.
 Hanusek [xaˈnusɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tworóg within Tarnowskie Góry County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Tworóg 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Tarnowskie Góry and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Gozileh (Persian: گزيله‎ also Romanized as Gozīleh; also known as Govīzīleh) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 356 in 59 families.
 Every Time I Breathe is the fourth album by the Mobile Alabama based CCM/Christian rock band Big Daddy Weave. It was released on September 26 2006. This album charted on the following Billboard's charts on October 14 2006: No. 18 on Christian Albums and No. 10 on Top Heatseekers.
 Zodarion caporiaccoi is a spider species found in Italy.
 Public Opinion Quarterly is an academic journal published by Oxford University Press for the American Association for Public Opinion Research covering communication studies and political science. It was established in 1937 and according to the Journal Citation Reports its 2011 impact factor is 2.247 ranking it 5th out of 89 journals in the category Social Sciences Interdisciplinary 4th out of 72 in the category Communication and 3rd out of 148 in the category Political Science.
 Mount Limbara (Gallurese: Monti di Limbara Sardinian: Monte ‘e Limbara) is a rocky granitic massif in north-eastern Sardinia Italy.It is located in the geographical and historical region of Gallura.Its highest peak is Punta Sa Berritta (1362 m above sea level). Its area belongs to the comuni of Calangianus Tempio Pausania Berchidda and Oschiri in the province of Olbia-Tempio.
 Elören Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere Ankara Province Turkey.
 Damn Nation is a three-issue horror comic book mini-series published by Dark Horse Comics in 2005 and written by Andrew Cosby with artwork from Jason Shawn Alexander.
 Jennings Randolph Lake is a reservoir of 952 acres (3.85 km2) located on the North Branch Potomac River in Garrett County Maryland and Mineral County West Virginia. It is approximately eight miles upstream of Bloomington Maryland and approximately five miles north of Elk Garden West Virginia.
 Au Coin des Bons Enfants is a restaurant located in Maastricht Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1958-1970 and 2006-2012. GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 15.0 out of 20 points.The first head chef was Theo Koch. In 1995 George Taselaar took over the restaurant and became head chef.The restaurant is located in a former orphanage originally built in 1750.
 ×××Holic (×××ホリック Horikku) pronounced as holic is a seinen manga written and illustrated by the group of manga artists known as Clamp. The series which crosses over with another Clamp work Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle revolves around Kimihiro Watanuki a high-school student disturbed by his ability to see the supernatural and Yūko Ichihara a witch who owns a wish-granting shop.
 Servet-i Fünun (The Wealth of Knowledge) was an avant-garde journal that Halit Ziya (Uşaklıgil) and the other writers of the New literature (Ottoman Turkish: Edebiyat-ı Cedide) movement published to inform their readers about European particularly French cultural and intellectual movements.
 Caesar Rodney (October 7 1728 – June 26 1784) was an American lawyer and politician from St. Jones Neck in Dover Hundred Kent County Delaware east of Dover. He was an officer of the Delaware militia during the French and Indian War and the American Revolution a Continental Congressman from Delaware a signer of the Declaration of Independence and President of Delaware during most of the American Revolution.
 Kosta Barka is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania. He joined the assembly following local elections in 2011.
 Stamboliyski (village) is a village in the municipality of Haskovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Diphucrania is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Diphucrania aberrans (Barker 2001) Diphucrania acuducta (Kirby 1837) Diphucrania adusta (Barker 2001) Diphucrania aenea (Barker 2007) Diphucrania aenigma (Barker 2007) Diphucrania aeruginosa (Barker 2007) Diphucrania albertisii (Gestro 1877) Diphucrania albosparsa (Gory & Laporte 1839) Diphucrania aquilonia (Bellamy 1991) Diphucrania armstrongi (Barker 2001) Diphucrania augustgoerlingi (Barker 2001) Diphucrania aurocyanea (Carter 1934) Diphucrania bedfordi (Obenberger 1935) Diphucrania bilyi (Barker 2007) Diphucrania borealis (Barker 2007) Diphucrania brooksi (Barker 2001) Diphucrania broomensis (Barker 2001) Diphucrania browni (Carter 1934) Diphucrania carterellus (Obenberger 1934) Diphucrania carteri (Obenberger 1924) Diphucrania chalcophora (Barker 2001) Diphucrania chlorata (Barker 2007) Diphucrania clermonti (Théry 1945) Diphucrania corpulenta (Barker 2001) Diphucrania cupreata (Barker 2007) Diphucrania cupreicollis (Hope 1846) Diphucrania cupreola (Barker 2001) Diphucrania cupripennis (Guérin-Méneville 1830) Diphucrania cyanea (Barker 2001) Diphucrania cyaneopyga (Carter 1923) Diphucrania cyanura (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania derbyensis (Barker 2001) Diphucrania duodecimmaculata (Fabricius 1801) Diphucrania elliptica (Carter 1923) Diphucrania elongatula (Blackburn 1888) Diphucrania ernestadamsi (Barker 1999) Diphucrania erythrocephala (Barker 2007) Diphucrania excelsior (Barker 2001) Diphucrania fascigera (Obenberger 1919) Diphucrania fraternus (Kerremans 1900) Diphucrania fritilla (Barker 2007) Diphucrania frontalis (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania fulgidicollis (Macleay 1888) Diphucrania furfurosa (Barker 2007) Diphucrania gibbera (Carter 1937) Diphucrania goldingi (Barker 2007) Diphucrania gouldii (Hope 1846) Diphucrania guttata (Barker 2007) Diphucrania heroni (Carter 1934) Diphucrania impressicollis (Macleay 1872) Diphucrania inops (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania kohouti (Barker 2001) Diphucrania laticollis (Carter 1923) Diphucrania leai (Barker 2007) Diphucrania leucosticta (Kirby 1818) Diphucrania macmillani (Barker 2001) Diphucrania macqueeni (Barker 2001) Diphucrania maculata (Gory & Laporte 1839) Diphucrania marmorata (Gory & Laporte 1839) Diphucrania minuta (Barker 2007) Diphucrania minutissima (Thomson 1879) Diphucrania miyama (Barker 2007) Diphucrania modesta (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania montana (Barker 2007) Diphucrania myallae (Carter 1934) Diphucrania nigripennis (Macleay 1888) Diphucrania nigrita (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania nigromaculata (Kerremans 1895) Diphucrania nitidiventris (Carter 1934) Diphucrania niveosparsa (Carter 1927) Diphucrania notulata (Germar 1848) Diphucrania nubeculosa (Germar 1848) Diphucrania oblonga (Kerremans 1903) Diphucrania obscura (Blackburn 1887) Diphucrania opima (Thomson 1879) Diphucrania ovalis (Carter 1923) Diphucrania parva (Blackburn 1887) Diphucrania patricia (Carter 1935) Diphucrania pauperula (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania prasina (Carter 1923) Diphucrania puella (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania pulchella (Carter 1923) Diphucrania pulleni (Barker 2001) Diphucrania regalis (Thomson 1879) Diphucrania robertfisheri (Barker 1999) Diphucrania roseocuprea (Hope 1846) Diphucrania rubicunda (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania rubricata (Barker 2007) Diphucrania rubriceps (Barker 2007) Diphucrania scabiosa (Boisduval 1835) Diphucrania scabrosula (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania semiobscura (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania sexnotata (Fauvel 1891) Diphucrania speciosa (Barker 2001) Diphucrania stellata (Barker 2001) Diphucrania stigmata Gory & Laport 1839 Diphucrania storeyi (Barker 2007) Diphucrania subbifascialis (Carter 1927) Diphucrania suehasenpuschae (Barker 2007) Diphucrania tasmanica (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania trimentula (Barker 2001) Diphucrania tyleri (Barker 2007) Diphucrania tyrrhena (Carter 1923) Diphucrania ustulata (Barker 2007) Diphucrania vicina (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania violacea (Kerremans 1903) Diphucrania viridiceps (Kerremans 1898) Diphucrania viridipurpurea (Carter 1924) Diphucrania wagneri (Barker 2007) Diphucrania watkinsi (Barker 2001) Diphucrania westwoodii (Gory & Laporte 1839) Diphucrania williamsi (Barker 2007) Diphucrania wilsonensis (Barker 2007)↑
 Calyce bicolor is a species of beetle in the Calyce genus. It was found in 1922.
 Birdie & Bogey is a 2009 Christian drama film directed by Mike Norris. It was released on November 17 2009 by Pure Flix Entertainment. The DVD which contains The Making Of Trailers and Commentary bonus features is now available at national retailers from EMI CMG Distribution. The film stars Janine Turner Mike Norris Sheree Wilson Carey Scott and Amanda Alch.
 The Ring is an 1952 American Boxing - Drama film directed by Kurt Neumann and is based on an Irving Shulman´s novel. It tells the story of a Mexican American who becomes a boxer to gain reputation in the U.S. and be respected by the English-speaking white majority. The film is shot in various locations in Los Angeles. The film is basically a look at the institutionalized bigotry.
 Sonic Dynamite is the seventh album by German band Pink Cream 69.
 Stary Gózd [ˈstarɨ ˈɡust] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Białobrzegi and 73 km (45 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Metarctia henrardi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1953. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Heat's On (1943) is a movie musical starring Mae West William Gaxton and Victor Moore and released by Columbia Pictures.
 The John Seward House in Franklin Tennessee was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has also been known as Seward Hall.It includes Greek Revival and Central passage plan architecture.It's a brick residence.Like the Thomas Holt House and the James Sayers House also NRHP-listed it has a main entrance with Greek Revival details including a two-story portico.
 Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Covers EP is EP by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers released in 2012 through iTunes as digital-only download. The band first announced the EP through their website on April 19 2012 with the title We Salute You although it was changed on the date of the release. The EP consists of six cover songs live and in the studio of previous Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees all who influenced the band.
 Half a Sinner is a 1940 American film directed by Al Christie. It stars Heather Angel as a schoolteacher who in one day becomes Public Enemy Number One in Pennsylvania. The film is based on Dalton Trumbo's short story Lady Takes a Chance. The working titles of this film were Everything Happens to Ann and The Lady Takes a Chance.
 Coralliophila fearnleyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 History of Joseph Smith by His Mother is a biography of the Latter Day Saint prophet Joseph Smith according to his mother Lucy Mack Smith. It was originally titled Biographical Sketches of Joseph Smith the Prophet and His Progenitors for Many Generations and was published by Orson Pratt in Liverpool in 1853.
 The Kloppstert is a hill roughly 553 metres high in the southwestern Harz in Lower Saxony Germany. In the topographical map printed in 1978 it can only be made out with difficulty that the third letter is an o and the penultimate one an r. Unfortunately a contour line runs over the letter r so that it looks like a p. In the digitalised 1:25000 topographic map the hill is wrongly named as the Klappstept.
 Strong Memorial Hospital (SMH) is a 739-bed medical facility part of the University of Rochester Medical Center complex (abbreviated URMC) in Rochester New York. Opened in 1926 it is a major provider of both in-patient and out-patient medical services. SMH is owned and operated by the University of Rochester and serves as its primary teaching hospital. It offers programs toward medical dental or graduate degrees through the School of Medicine and Dentistry.
 The Adorable Cheat is a 1928 silent film starring Lila Lee and distributed by an independent film company Chesterfield Motion Pictures. It was directed by Burton L. King with a copy being long held by The Library of Congress.
 The Râul Păcurei is a tributary of the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
 Emergency Broadcast System is an album by psychedelic trance artists G.M.S. which was released in November 2005.
 Segadores de Vida is a Christian church located in Hollywood Florida. It is one of the fastest growing churches in the US.[citation needed] The Pastors of the church are Ruddy and Maria Gracia. The church's weekly services are broadcast on Enlace MegaTV and Galavision as well as some local channels. The television program Hechos is viewed in Latin America the United States and Europe.[citation needed]
 Oscar Wilder Underwood (May 6 1862 – January 25 1929) was an American politician from Alabama and candidate for President of the United States.
 Eois impletaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Mysol and Bali.
 Vaalajärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Kemijoki main catchment area. It is located in Sodankylä municipality in the region Lapland in Finland. In the area there is a canoeing route lake Vaalajärvi–river Jeesiöjoki–river Kitinen.
 The Bahay Tsinoy (literally Chinese-Filipino House) is a museum located in the Intramuros (Old Walled City) section of Manila. Housed within the Kaisa-Angelo King Heritage Center building the museum documents the history lives and contributions of the Chinese in the Philippine life and history.The museum was designed by Eva Penamora in collaboration with the late architect Honrado Fernandez in 1996 and completed and inaugurated in 1999.
 Saman Ban (Persian: سمن بان‎ also Romanized as Saman Bān and Samanbān; also known as Saman Band and Saman Baneh) is a village in Kivanat Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 279 in 68 families.
 Frederick William Seward (July 8 1830 – April 25 1915) was the Assistant Secretary of State during the American Civil War serving in Abraham Lincoln's administration as well as under Andrew Johnson during Reconstruction and for over two years under Rutherford B. Hayes.
 The Public Ledger was a daily newspaper in Philadelphia Pennsylvania published from March 25 1836 to January 1942. Its motto was Virtue Liberty and Independence. For a time it was Philadelphia's most popular newspaper but circulation declined in the mid-1930s.
 The Cahiers québécois de démographie (English: Quebec Notebooks of Demography) is a peer-reviewed academic journal publishing original research in areas of demography demographic analysis and the demographics of Quebec and other populations.The journal was established in 1971 and is published biannually by the Association des démographes du Québec (Quebec Association of Demographers) with support from the Demography Department at the Université de Montréal.
 David R. Hastings III is an American politician and lawyer from Maine. Hastings served as a Republican State Senator from Maine's 13th District representing parts of Cumberland and Oxford Counties including his residence of Fryeburg. A lifelong resident of Fryeburg Hastings earned a B.A. from Bowdoin College and a J.D. from Temple University Beasley School of Law. He was first elected to the Maine Senate in 2004 and was unable to run for re-election in 2012 due to term-limits.
 Live Overseas is a live album by Adrian Belew recorded after the release of Side One Side Two and Side Three.
 Kałwągi [kau̯ˈvɔnɡi] (German Kaltwangen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Korsze 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Kętrzyn and 61 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 103.
 Hamlet is the largest crater on the known part of the surface of Uranus' moon Oberon. It has diameter of about 206 km and is named after the title character of the play Hamlet by William Shakespeare. The crater has a dark floor and is surrounded by a system of bright rays which are ice ejecta deposited during the impact event. The nature of the dark material on the floor is not known but it may have erupted from depth. The crater was first imaged by the Voyager 2 spacecraft in January 1986.
 Lampua or Lampuwa is a village in tehsil Shri Madhopur of Sikar district in Rajasthan India. It is situated 8 km west of Ringas on the Ringas-Khatu Road.The main occupation of people is agriculture and animal husbandry. The village is well developed and irrigated. It is fully developed with all modern facilities. For providing education it has one government secondary school two private secondary schools one government middle school two private middle schools and six primary schools.
 La Casa Alvarado also known as the Alvarado Adobe is a historic adobe structure built in 1840 and located on Old Settlers Lane in Pomona California. It was declared a historic landmark in 1954 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 BBC In Concert is a live album by English post-punk group Killing Joke released in 1995. Songs 1-10 were recorded at the 1986 Reading Festival in England (on 22 August) while the final three songs were recorded during a 1985 Paris Theatre appearance (6 March). It has been reviewed as a better-than-average bootleg due to the sound quality.
 En V.O is a Johnny Hallyday album
 The River Swilly (Irish: An tSúileach) is a river in Ireland which flows in an eastern direction through Letterkenny County Donegal. Letterkenny the largest town in County Donegal is built on the river and became the first crossing point on the river in the 17th century.
 Daniel Dăianu (born 30 August 1952 Bucharest) is a Romanian economist professor and politician. He has been a member of the European Parliament since end of 2007 when he was elected on the National Liberal Party's lists.He was the Finance Minister of Romania between December 5 1997 and September 23 1998 in the governments of Victor Ciorbea and Radu Vasile.
 Certified Copy (French: Copie conforme) is a 2010 art film by Iranian writer and director Abbas Kiarostami starring Juliette Binoche and the British opera singer William Shimell in his first film role. The film is set in Tuscany and focuses on a British writer and a French antiques dealer whose relationship undergoes an odd transformation over the course of a day. The film was a French-majority production with co-producers in Italy and Belgium.
 Pierre-Étienne Laporte (born September 23 1934) was a Canadian politician who represented the electoral district of Outremont in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1996 to 2003. He was a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
 Leprechaun 3 is a 1995 American comedy fantasy horror film. It is the third installment and first direct-to-video entry in the Leprechaun series.
 Ai Ore! (愛を歌うより俺に溺れろ！ Ai o Utau yori Ore ni Oborero!) is a Japanese manga series by Mayu Shinjo. It was adapted into a live action film in 2012.
 Goldasht (Persian: گلدشت‎) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 772 in 202 families.
 Favartia (Favartia) levicula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Priodiscus serratus is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae.
 The Geamănele Mari River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
 Wu Nai-ren (Chinese: 李逸洋; pinyin: Lǐ Yìyáng) is a Taiwanese politician of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP). He was the Secretary-General of the DPP.
 The Adventures of a Two-Minute Werewolf also called The Adventures of a 2-Minute Werewolf is a 1985 television movie produced by ABC television as part of its ABC Weekend Special series (an after school special). It is based on the young adult novel of the same title by Gene DeWeese.
 The Howland Chapel School is a historic school building for African-American students located near Heathsville Northumberland County Virginia. It was built in 1867 and is a one-story gable fronted frame building measuring approximately 26 feet by 40 feet. It features board-and-batten siding and distinctive bargeboards with dentil soffits. The interior has a single room divided by a later central partition formed by sliding removable doors.
 Darkhazineh (Persian: درخزينه‎ also Romanized as Darkhazīneh and Dar-i-Khazineh) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 459 in 96 families.
 Playing By Ear was Preston Reed's second release on Flying Fish Records. It subsequently went out-of-print and was re-released as a compilation with Pointing Up and re-titled Preston Reed.
 Dot and Tot of Merryland is a 1901 novel by L. Frank Baum. After Baum wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz he wrote this story about the adventures of a little girl named Dot and a little boy named Tot in a land reached by floating on a river that flowed through a tunnel. The land was called Merryland and was split into seven valleys. The book was illustrated by artist W.W. Denslow who had illustrated three previous Baum books.
 Teufelsbach (Rhynerscher Bach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Certej River (Hungarian:Csertés-patak) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Seven Mile River or Sevenmile River is a 9.6-mile-long (15.4 km) stream in central Massachusetts. It heads at Browning Pond at the Oakham and Spencer border and travels south through Spencer following a short distance from State Route 31 (North Spencer Road). It crosses under Route 31 the highway becomes Pleasant Street then continues south along Old Meadow Road and under State Route 9 near the junction of State Route 49.
 Amirmachmud (Cimahi West Java 21 February 1923 – Bandung West Java 21 April 1995) was an Indonesian Military General who was an eyewitness to the signing of the Supersemar document transferring power from President Sukarno to General Suharto.
 Edward Lawrence Leahy (February 9 1886 – July 22 1953) was a United States Senator and federal judge from Rhode Island. Born in Bristol Rhode Island he attended the public schools was a student at Brown University in 1904 and 1905 graduated from the law school of Georgetown University in 1908 was admitted to the Rhode Island bar in 1908 and commenced the practice of law in Bristol.
 Strikeforce: Morituri is a comic book series published by Marvel Comics from 1986 to 1989. The series was created by writer Peter B. Gillis and artist Brent Anderson.The premise is that aliens have invaded Earth and nearly succeeded in conquering it and stripping it of its resources. A scientist discovers a process which can provide humans with superhuman powers effectively creating a group of defending superheroes.
 Culture Clash in AmeriCCa is a 2005 documentary film directed by Emilio Estevez. It is an anthology of fun and thought-provoking skits and monologues portraying diverse American immigrants. Emlio Estevez doesn't appear in this documentary film. Inspiration came from thousands of interviews conducted nationwide during a period of 20 years by Culture Clash.In the title AmeriCCa's two big letter CC means Culture Clash.
 Letters to Father Jacob (Finnish: Postia pappi Jaakobille) is a 2009 Finnish drama film written and directed by Klaus Härö. Set in the early 1970s and based on a story by Jaana Makkonen the film tells the story of Leila a pardoned convict who becomes an assistant to a blind priest Jacob. The film depicts her transformation from a sceptic who grudgingly reads letters aloud to her benefactor into a caring savior of the pastor from his despair after the letters stop coming.
 John Headley Shott (born June 24 1948 in Bluefield West Virginia) is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 27 since January 12 2013. Shott served non-consecutively from January 2009 in the District 24 seat until his appointment May 19 2010 to the West Virginia Senate District 10 seat to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Senator Don Caruth until January 2011.
 Qaleh-ye Dez Do (Persian: قلعه دز دو‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Dez Do and Qal‘eh-ye Dozdū; also known as Qal‘eh Dez Qal‘eh-ye Dez and Qalmāb) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 Another Day is a 1970 album by Oscar Peterson.
 Argyrographa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ignachy [iɡˈnaxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.The village has a population of 50.
 Roman Blood is a historical novel by American author Steven Saylor first published by Minotaur Books in 1991. It is the first book in his Roma Sub Rosa series of mystery novels set in the final decades of the Roman Republic. The main character is the Roman sleuth Gordianus the Finder.
 John Lane (November 28 1818 – April 2 1890) was an Irish-born political figure. He represented York East in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1875 to 1879.He was born in Tipperary Ireland in 1818 but grew up and was educated in Upper Canada. He married Sarah Barker in 1850. Lane served on the council for York County.
 Herjangsfjorden or Herjangen (Northern Sami: Hearjjak) is a fjord branch of the Ofotfjorden in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. The 10-kilometre (6.2 mi) long fjord is located just north of the Rombaken fjord. The villages along the fjord are Bjerkvik and Herjangen. The European route E06 and European route E10 highways run along the northern and eastern shores of the fjord.
 Ted Harvey is a legislator in Colorado. In 2001 Harvey was elected to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Republican representing the 43rd House District. Elected in 2006 to the Colorado Senate he currently represents Senate District 30 which encompasses Northern Douglas County—Highlands Ranch Lone Tree Parker and Roxborough Park.
 Segget River (Malay: Sungai Segget Chinese: 纱玉河) is a river in Johor state Malaysia. The length of the river is about 4280 meters. It starts from the current Johor Bahru Chinese Cemetery through the downtown of Johor Bahru city and ends at Johor Straits.The Segget River flows through the east bank and the west bank of the river. There is a small shaped triangle island called Segget Island. There is a wet market on the island. The West Bank of Segget River was mostly settled by Teochew.
 Vexillum varicosum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Land Air Sea is the third album by The Special Goodness. It was originally released in February 2003 by N.O.S. Recordings and a remastered remixed and re-ordered edition was released on Epitaph Records on January 20 2004. The original N.O.S. version had three different covers while the Epitaph version just has one. Patrick Wilson considers this to be his first true release despite it being the third official Special Goodness album.
 Otter Creek Reservoir is a high alpine reservoir (elevation approximately 6372 ft or 1940 m) located in Piute County Utah United States. It is a popular location for rainbow trout fishing. [1]The nearest town is Antimony UT approximately 12 to 15 miles away (19–24 km). A larger city within a one hour drive is Richfield.
 The Kempinski Residences Palm Jumeirah are the first residences to open on the crescent of Palm Jumeirah in Dubai. The project was due to open in 2009 however has been delayed due to the economic down turn. The property began construction in 2006.The operating company of the residences is Kempinski Hotels of Germany.
 Magudara de Nemure (マグダラで眠れ lit. May Your Soul Rest in Magdala) is a Japanese light novel series written by Isuna Hasekura with illustrations by Tetsuhiro Nabeshima. A manga adaptation illustrated by Arisaka Ako serialization in the June 2013 issue of Kadokawa Shoten's Young Ace.
 Ouéllah-Tayfa is a village on the island of Grande Comore in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 844.
 Bruchwetter is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Seduce Me After the Show is a Boys' Love manga by est em released in English by Aurora Publishing in April 2008. It was released in French as Tango by Editions H. Seduce Me After the Show contains five short stories set in the artistic worlds of dance painting and music. Matt Thorn est em's former teacher retranslated the work prior to its publication.
 Kanu Bhalala is a Member of Legislative assembly from Visavadar constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
 Fly Above EP is the first EP by American singer-songwriter Kandi Burruss. It was scheduled for release on November 10 2009 but was pushed up to October 29 2009 on Kandi's own record label Kandi Koated Entertainment.Kandi decided to release her debut EP and second album separately in order to promote her new single Fly Above and to finally release her long awaited second album in the first quarter of 2010.The EP debuted at #197 on the Billboard 200 in November 2009.
 The Philetus W. Norris House is located at 17815 Mt. Elliott Avenue in Detroit Michigan near the corner of Mound Road and Davison Avenue. It was built in 1873 by Philetus W. Norris who went on to become the second superintendent of Yellowstone National Park. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Hanford Mills Museum also known as Kelso Mill is a historic grist mill and sawmill and national historic district located at East Meredith New York in Delaware County New York. The district contains nine contributing buildings and three contributing structures. The complex includes both natural and structural facilities.
 Pyramidelloides minutus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Pyramidelloides.
 Kemao Market is one of five major electronics markets in Zhongguancun Beijing.
 Writing FAST: How to Write Anything with Lightning Speed is a non-fiction book by Jeff Bollow first published in Australia in 2004 which briefly became a best-seller on the Amazon.com charts in 2005.The book targets new and intermediate writers and distills the writing process into four parts - Focus Apply Strengthen Tweak - which form the FAST acronym of the title.In the Focus phase writers grasp and shape their concept.In the Apply phase writers speed write to fill pages as quickly as possible.In the Strengthen phase writers edit and shape the work.And in the Tweak phase writers polish their prose to enhance the read.The book's tone is conversational and motivational.
 The Tomochichi Federal Building and United States Courthouse is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Georgia located in Savannah Georgia. It was built between 1894 and 1899 and substantially enlarged in 1932. The building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 and was renamed in honor of the Creek Indian leader Tomochichi in 2005.
 Laminella is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae.
 The Großer Waldstein is part of the Waldstein range in the Fichtel Mountains of Germany. It is known primarily for its rock formations caused by spheroidal weathering its ruined castles and the only remaining bear trap (Bärenfang) in the region.
 Curious Notions is an alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove. It is a part of the Crosstime Traffic series. In Curious Notions the Central Powers won World War I prior to the United States entering the war. Subsequently the German Empire invaded and conquered the United States in the 1950s. The story is set 150 years later in German-occupied San Francisco.
 The Black Sleep (1956) is an American black-and-white horror film scripted by John C. Higgins from a story by Gerald Drayson Adams developed for producers Aubrey Schenck and Howard W. Koch who had a four-picture finance-for-distribution arrangement with United Artists. The film was re-released in 1962 as Dr. Cadman's Secret. The film was directed by Reginald LeBorg and included in its starring cast Bela Lugosi in his last true film role.
 2 Fast 2 Furious is the soundtrack for the movie 2 Fast 2 Furious. It was originally released on May 27 2003 on Disturbing tha Peace and Def Jam Recordings. As of 2003 the album has been certified as Gold by the RIAA.
 Mōjū Tsukai no Shōjo (猛獣使いの少女) is a 1952 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kōzō Saeki.
 Chogolisa (or Bride Peak) is a mountain in the Karakoram region of Pakistan. It lies near the Baltoro Glacier in the Concordia region which is home to some of the highest peaks of the world. Chogolisa has several peaks the highest on the SW face (Chogolisa I) rises to 7665 metres (25148 ft).
 Novaya Gazeta (Russian: Новая газета translated as New Gazette) is a Russian liberal opposition newspaper well known in the country for its critical and investigative coverage of Russian political and social affairs. Four Novaya Gazeta journalists including Yury Shchekochikhin and Anna Politkovskaya have been murdered since 2001.It is published in Moscow in regions within Russia and in some foreign countries.
 Cranstackie is a mountain of 801 m in Sutherland the northwestern tip of the Scottish Highlands. It is a Corbett located west of Loch Eriboll and northeast of Foinaven. Like Foinaven and Beinn Spionnaidh to the northeast its top is covered with loose broken quartzite. The slope is much steeper on the west side than the east but neither approach is easy due to the covering of loose rock.
 Harnessing Peacocks is the third novel by Mary Wesley published in 1985 when the author was 73 years old. In 1992 it was adapted for television.
 Louis Pienaar (26 June 1926 - 5 November 2012) was a South African lawyer and diplomat. He was the last white administrator of South-West Africa from 1985 through Namibian independence in 1990. Pienaar later served as a minister in F W de Klerk's government until 1993.
 The Symbolic Species is a 1997 book by biological anthropologist Terrence Deacon on the evolution of language. Combining perspectives from neurobiology evolutionary theory linguistics and semiotics Deacon proposes that language along with the unique human capacity for symbolic thought co-evolved with the brain. The Symbolic Species is a multi-disclipinary book that at the time of publishing was seen as groundbreaking.
 Loksatta (Devanagari: लोकसत्ता) is one of the most widely read Marathi daily newspapers in Maharashtra India. It is published by The Indian Express Group and was launched on January 14 1948. Loksatta is published out of Mumbai Pune Nagpur Ahmednagar Aurangabad and Delhi.
 The Substitute (Danish: Vikaren) is a 2007 Danish film directed by Ole Bornedal.
 St. Blasius Church Shanklin is a parish church in the Church of England located in Shanklin Isle of Wight.
 Antares is a 2004 Austrian film directed by Götz Spielmann. It was Austria's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Sahneh-ye Sofla (Persian: صحنه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Şaḩneh-ye Soflá; also known as Şaḩneh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2958 in 610 families.
 St Cuthbert's Church is an Anglican church in Churchtown Merseyside a village that is now a suburb of Southport in the English county of Merseyside. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Liverpool and the archdeaconry of Warrington. It has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage. Historically St Cuthbert's was the parish church of the ecclesiastical parish of North Meols and was within the boundaries of the historic county of Lancashire.
 Dead End Run is a 2003 film directed by Japanese cult film director Sogo Ishii notable for Ishii's trademark flashy visual style.The film has little plot to speak of but is instead divided into three short episodes each of which opens with a man desperately running away before being trapped in a dead end where something out-of-the-ordinary occurs. The episodes include a musical number a Mexican stand-off and a police pursuit.
 Bideh Sarok (Persian: بيده سرك‎ also Romanized as Bīdeh Sarok; also known as Bīdāsarok and Bīdasteh Rok) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Abubakar Mahdi was elected Senator for the Borno South constituency of Borno State Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic running on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform. He took office on 29 May 1999.After taking his seat in the Senate he was appointed to committees on Security & Intelligence Foreign Affairs (Vice-Chairman) Power & SteelFederal Character and Federal Capital Territory.
 The Sierra La Esmeralda range (Emerald Mountains) are a mountain range in northern Sonora Mexico at the northern region of the Sierra Madre Occidental cordillera. The region contains sky island mountain ranges called the Madrean Sky Islands some separated from the Sierra Madre Occidental proper and occurring in the northeastern Sonoran Desert and extreme west-northwestern Chihuahuan Desert.
 Morcinek [mɔrˈt͡ɕinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murów within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 74.
 Eisenia andrei is a close relative of the 'brandling' or 'tiger' worm Eisenia fetida. Like its sibling species it is epigeic i.e. it prefers to live in compost or leaf litter rather than mineral soils. It can be distinguished from E. fetida as it is darker in colour and the characteristic stripes are less pronounced. Although its status as a separate species was fully confirmed in the mid-1980s by molecular analyses (based on electrophoresis of protein isoforms) E.
 Bristol Customshouse and Post Office is a historic post office and customshouse in Bristol Rhode Island built in 1858.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and is currently used as office space.
 New World Shadows is the fifth full-length studio album of Omnium Gatherum. The album was released in Germany Austria and Switzerland on February 4. 2011 Finland Sweden and Hungary on February 9. the rest of Europe on February 7. and North America on March 1.The album is the band's first to be released via Lifeforce Records.
 BEEBUG was a magazine published for users of the BBC Microcomputer. It was the first subscription magazine for computers made by Acorn Computers.
 The Very Best of Redbone is one of several compilation albums by American band Redbone which includes their 1973 hit We Were All Wounded At Wounded Knee. The song was never available on any LP except compilations.
 The Shape of Grace is the second album by Out of the Grey released in 1992.
 Cypress Avenue West Historic District is a national historic district in Ridgewood Queens New York. It includes 440 contributing buildings built between 1888 and 1906. They consist mainly of brick two and three story row houses with one apartment per floor and three story tenements with two apartments per floor. Also included in the district is Public School #81 St. John's Ridgewood United Methodist Church and a row of commercial buildings.
 This cassette is a very rare release by Bryn Jones under the alias E.g Oblique Graph. Two versions of the tape are believed to exist with the following tracklistings and track timings. All of the songs were later released on the 2X12 version of Completely Oblique. Extreme Faction (Re-Mix) was the only track left off the 2XCD set of Completely Oblique.This was released on the label Kinematograph Tapes with catalogue number KT001.
 The Spanggur Tso (lake) also called Maindung Co or Mandong Cuo (Chinese: 曼冬错) is a saltwater lake in western Tibet Autonomous Region China. To the west of the lake lies the Spanggur Gap and to the north is the Pangong Tso. The lake is at an elevation of 4305 meters and has an area of 61.6 square kilometers. The lake's average annual temperature is around -4 to -2 ℃ and the annual precipitation is 50 to 75 mm.
 Wells Fargo Center is a 129 m (423 ft) office building in downtown Sacramento California. Construction on the skyscraper began in 1990 with completion in 1992 and yet stands as the tallest building in the city. The building occupies a 2.3-acre (0.93 ha) city block and features a five-story granite and marble walled interior within a clear glass atrium. The project was developed by William Wilson & Associates in partnership with Crocker Properties.
 Welt is the first album by the band ohGr formed by Nivek Ogre of Skinny Puppy and musician/engineer Mark Walk. The song Water has been featured in the motion pictures Life as a House and for the end titles in Kill Theory.
 Little Skootamatta Creek is a creek in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Hastings and Lennox and Addington Counties in Ontario Canada. The river's name is thought to come from Ojibwa words meaning burnt shoreline.
 Eungbongsan is a mountain in the city of Wonju Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1094.9 m (3592 ft).
 John Palmer Usher (January 9 1816 – April 13 1889) was a U.S. administrator who served in the Cabinet of President Abraham Lincoln during the American Civil War.
 Indictment: The McMartin Trial is a made for TV movie that originally aired on HBO on May 20 1995. Indictment is based on the true story of the McMartin preschool trial.
 Neena Gill was a Member of the European Parliament for the West Midlands for the Labour Party from 1999 to 2009 when she was defeated. Prior to becoming a Member of the European Parliament she was Chief Executive of ASRA Group and the Newlon Housing Group. Another first for a BAME background. Gill sat on the powerful Budget Legal and Industry Committees in the European Parliament.
 Tendid is a 2010 film.
 Damia's Children is a 1993 science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey forming part of the Talent series. Damia's Children forms a two-part story with the novel Lyon's Pride.
 Gaz (Persian: گز‎; also known as Gaz-e Ţāherī) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 693 in 120 families.
 The Dynamic Jack McDuff is an album by organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1964 and released on the Prestige label.
 The Philippine Green Pigeon (Treron axillaris) is a pigeon in the genus Treron. It is found in the forests of The Philippines. Many authorities split the species from the Pompadour Green Pigeon complex.
 Samuel Atherton (January 26 1815-1895) was a Massachusetts businessman who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
 Heligoland is a novel by British author Shena Mackay first published in 2003 by Jonathan Cape.It was shortlisted for both Whitbread Prize and the Orange Prize for Fiction. The Guardian says of the book This is drawn so playfully and so compassionately - and with such consistently beautiful writing - that the experience is mysteriously comic and sweet.
 The Terence Dolan House is a historic house at 478 Prospect Street in Methuen Massachusetts United States. Built in 1900 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 20 1984.A Georgian Revival house it is typical of contemporary houses built in the Fair Oaks area in which many local professionals built large houses.
 Eupithecia improba is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Nepal.
 Summer Day Reflection Songs is a compilation album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released on April 25 2000.
 Lisi (Persian: ليسي‎ also Romanized as Līsī) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Köprülü Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Decoder is a 1984 West German film directed by Muscha. It is a cyberpunk and counter-cultural film roughly based on the writings of William S. Burroughs who also acts in the film.
 The Redmond Caves are a group of five lava tubes in Deschutes County Oregon United States. The caves are located in the city of Redmond and are jointly managed by the city and the Bureau of Land Management (BLM). They are part of the Redmond Caves Park and have been well known locally for many years. The caves are a part of the Horse Lava Tube System and the farthest northern extent of the system.
 Intern Academy is a 2004 Canadian comedy film written and directed by Dave Thomas. It has several alternative titles including working titles An Intern's Diary Whitecoats and Interns. In Canada its English title is Intern Academy while its French title is Médecin en herbe. The US DVD title is White Coats. Its Italian title is L'ospedale piu' sexy del mondo literally The Sexiest Hospital in the World.
 The Glodișor River is a tributary of the Jidovoaia River in Romania.
 The Ewing-Snell Ranch was established between 1896 and 1898 by Erastus Ewing in Carbon County Montana on Layout Creek between Bighorn Canyon and the Pryor Mountains in a region called Dryhead Country. Ewing took up ranching after failing as a gold miner. Erastus Ewing was born in Tennessee about 1846 arriving in Montana in the 1880s to look for gold. He staked numerous claims one of which controlled the water rights for Layout Creek.
 The Daily Squib is a British satirical online publication created by satire writer Aur Esenbel and was officially launched on April Fool's Day 2007. Its coverage extends across world politics science technology business sports and health.
 The Rice River (Big Fork River) is a river of Minnesota.
 Todavìa is an album by Italian singer Mina issued in 2007.The album features 13 songs in Spanish and one in Portuguese and includes seven duets with Latin-American Spanish and Italian stars.
 Jonathan Dickinson (April 22 1688 – October 7 1747) was a Congregational later Presbyterian minister a leader in the Great Awakening of the 1730s and 1740s and a co-founder and first president of the College of New Jersey which later became Princeton University.
 Fawwaz Tuqan (Arabic: فواز أحمد طوقان‎) is a Jordanian-Palestinian poet novelist and professor. Born on 6 September 1940 to a notable Palestinian family in Jordan. His father is Ahmad Abdul Fattah Tuqan former Prime Minister of Jordan. Tuqan has taught at establishments such as Yale University University of Minnesota University of Jordan and the American University of Beirut.
 Dreamchaser is the eleventh studio album by English singer and songwriter Sarah Brightman. This album is Brightman's first collaboration with producer Mike Hedges and centres on the concept of space. It was released in Japan on 16 January 2013 and in the United Kingdom on 8 April 2013 to critical acclaim.
 Michkar (Persian: ميچكار‎ also Romanized as Mīchkār; also known as Mīchar) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 45 families.
 Irene’s Underwing (Catocala irene) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Utah and California and Nevada.The wingspan is 65-75 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September depending on the location. There is probably one generation per year.The larvae feed on Populus and Salix species.
 Natavalasa is a village and panchayat in Denkada mandal of Vizianagaram district Andhra Pradesh India. It is located on the banks of River Champavathi.Natavalasa is Road junction with a diversion point on National Highway 5 between Srikakulam and Vizianagaram. National Highway 43 starts at this point to reach Raipur.
 A Spaniard in the Works is a book from 1965 by John Lennon. The book consists of nonsensical stories and drawings similar to the style of his previous book 1964's In His Own Write.
 The Isolinguals is a classic science fiction story addressing the concept of ancestral memory by L. Sprague de Camp. It was his first published story. It was first published in the magazine Astounding Stories for September 1937 and first appeared in book form in the anthology First Flight: Maiden Voyages in Space and Time (Lancer Books Aug. 1963; reprinted Nov. 1966 and Nov. 1969 (as Now Begins Tomorrow).
 Natural Essence is the debut album by American saxophonist Tyrone Washington featuring performances recorded in 1967 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Mumbhaii - The Gangster is an upcoming 2013 Hindi Crime film directed by Rajiv Ranjan. The film is to be released on August 1 2013. The film features Sanjay Kapoor Om Puri Arya Babbar and Mahima Chaudhry as main characters.
 The Old Government House also known as the Old Richmond County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located in downtown Augusta Georgia. It housed the seat of the local government from 1801 to 1821. It is one of the oldest remaining public buildings in the city.
 Came Home (foaled in 1999) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse that is now retired to stud. He was sired by Gone West who was recently pensioned at Mill Ridge Farm. Came Home is out of the graded-stakes-winning mare Nice Assay.Came Home got his name after a series of failed attempts in the sales ring; thus he was always coming home. One of these sales attempts included Came Home getting spooked and falling down.
 Amardaha is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12361 people living in 2341 individual households.
 La Nouvelle Tribune is a weekly francophone Moroccan newspaper.
 Elysia tomentosa is a species of sacoglossan sea slug a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Plakobranchidae.
 Geeta is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Plavnice Stare is a village in Croatia.
 Wodacz [ˈvɔdat͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Wodzisław 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Jędrzejów and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Hammered is a science fiction novel by Elizabeth Bear first published in 2004. It won the 2006 Locus Award for Best First Novel. It is the first book of a trilogy made of Hammered Scardown and Worldwired.
 Prime Design/Time Design is a live album written by the American jazz composer Ornette Coleman and recorded by a string quartet with Ornette's son Denardo Coleman on drums at the Caravan of Dreams in 1985 and released on the Caravan of Dreams label.
 The Atlantic blue marlin (Makaira nigricans) is a species of marlin endemic to the Atlantic Ocean. The Atlantic blue marlin (hereafter marlin) feeds on a wide variety of organisms near the surface. It uses its bill to stun injure or kill while knifing through a school of fish or other prey then returns to eat the injured or stunned fish. Marlin is a popular game fish.
 Ypsotingini is a cosmopolitan tribe of lace bugs. Seven genera have been recorded.
 Persbo Crater is an impact crater in the Elysium quadrangle of Mars located at 8.54° N and 203.24° W. It is 19.5 km in diameter and was named after Persbo Sweden.
 The Private Secretary (Italian:La segretaria privata) is a 1931 Italian musical film directed by Goffredo Alessandrini and starring Elsa Merlini Nino Besozzi and Sergio Tofano. It was the Italian-language version of the German film Die Privatsekretärin.
 Dr. Erika Szabó (born 19 January 1959) is a Hungarian jurist and politician who has been Secretary of State for Public Administration and Justice since 2 June 2010. As candidate of Fidesz she became a member of the National Assembly (MP) in the 1998 parliamentary election. She was also MP between 1990 and 1994 as member of the Alliance of Free Democrats (SZDSZ).
 Turbonilla gabbiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Texas Transportation Museum (TTM) is a transportation museum located near San Antonio Texas USA.It was created in 1964 to help preserve artifacts and information about San Antonio's transportation history.
 Infiltrate•Destroy•Rebuild abbreviated as IDR is the second studio album by American alternative metal band CKY. It was released on September 24 2002 by The Island Def Jam Music Group and supported by the releases of two singles Flesh into Gear and Attached at the Hip. This is the first and only recording to use the red and yellow logo all subsequent releases would feature a different color scheme. The physical jewel case version featured reflective gold foil in place of the yellow.
 Stenoplesictidae is the name of a family of extinct civet-like animals such as Stenoplesictis.
 W. Eugene Davis (born 1936) is a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. His chambers are in Lafayette Louisiana.Born in Winfield Alabama Davis attended Samford University. After three years at Samford he received a scholarship to Tulane University Law School and received his J.D. from Tulane in 1960 without having received an undergraduate degree (Samford awarded him a bachelor's degree in 2006).
 Rabid Grannies (originally Les Mémés Cannibales) is a 1988 Belgian horror film directed by Emmanuel Kervyn.
 Jail Bait is a 1937 American short comedy film starring Buster Keaton.
 Athenwood located at Montpelier in the U.S. state of Vermont was the home of Thomas Waterman Wood (November 12 1823 – April 14 1903) American painter and native of Montpelier. Wood built the house in 1850–1851 and named it Athenwood for his wife Minerva Robinson Wood.
 The Last Opium Den is an investigative journalism/travel book by Nick Tosches. It was originally an article in Vanity Fair where Tosches is a contributing editor. Tosches travels the world (in particular Southeast Asia) seeking the titular establishment. He also spends time discussing the heroin/opium trade the history of opium dens wine tasting and the historical use of opium to treat symptoms of diabetes (Tosches is a diabetic).
 Ophlitaspongia papilla is a species of demosponge belonging to the family Microcionidae. It is found along north east Atlantic coastlines. This is a red sponge which forms thin smooth encrusting patches up to 5 cm across with regularly spaced oscula.
 Piece of Mind is the debut album by American rapper Tela. It was released on November 5 1996 through Suave House Records with production by Tela Slice Tee Jazze Pha and T-Mix. The album peaked at 70 on the Billboard 200 and 17 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.Piece of Mind featured Tela's only charting single entitled Sho Nuff which featured 8Ball & MJG and became a minor hit peaking at 58 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Arghesh (Persian: ارغش‎) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 325 in 76 families.
 Tramp Tramp Tramp (1926) is an American comedy silent film directed by Harry Edwards. It features Harry Langdon and Joan Crawford.
 Amos Townsend (1821 - March 17 1895) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.Born in Brownsville Pennsylvania Townsend attended the common schools of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania and clerked in a store in Pittsburgh. He moved to Mansfield Ohio in 1839 and engaged in mercantile pursuits. He served as United States marshal during the Kansas troubles. He moved to Cleveland Ohio in 1858 and engaged in the wholesale grocery business.
 The Mausoleum Murder is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts which is the fourth novel in the The Seven Fabulous Wonders series and the sequel to The Amazon Temple Quest.
 The San Juan volcanic field located in southwestern Colorado contains two distinct phases of volcanism. The earlier volcanism is Oligocene in age and consists of largely intermediate composition lavas and breccias. A few ash flow tuffs also constitute this phase of volcanism. Later volcanism is Miocene–Pliocene in age and is basaltic in composition.
 The Cinnamon Bracken Warbler (Bradypterus cinnamomeus) is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family.It is found in Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Kenya Malawi Mozambique Rwanda Sudan Tanzania Uganda and Zambia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Gaihragau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2667 living in 573 individual households.
 Brass Monkey (1948) is a British comedy thriller with musical asides directed by Thornton Freeland. It stars Carroll Levis a radio variety show host and talent scout (known as Britains favorite Canadian) and American actress Carole Landis. This was Landis' last film. Also known as The Lucky Mascot the film is noted for an early appearance by comic actor Terry-Thomas playing himself. Though made in 1948 The Brass Monkey wasn't released until 1951.
 Faisal Raza Abidi is a Pakistani political figure and a former senator representing the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) for Sindh Province from March 2009 to January 2013. He also served as the party president of Karachi Division and held a high ranking membership of the central committee of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP). A businessman by profession Abidi is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Al-Zulfiqar Group of Companies Karachi since 2008.
 Dashtlu (Persian: دشتلو‎ also Romanized as Dashtlū and Dasht Lū) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 838 in 223 families.
 Willst du mit mir geh'n? (German: Do you want to go with me?) is the thirteenth studio album of German pop singer Nena. It is a two-CD set with the first CD more energetic and the second more meditative. The album reached No. 2 in Germany while the single Liebe ist reached No. 1. The other singles were Willst du mit mir geh'n? and Lass mich.
 The Ethiopian big-eared bat (Plecotus balensis) is a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family. It can be found in the following countries: possibly Eritrea and Ethiopia. It is found in these habitats: subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dwarkadas Pralhaddas Kothari (born 7 October 1944)[citation needed] is an educationist and professor who has held leadership positions at engineering institutions in India including IIT Delhi Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology Nagpur and VIT University Vellore. Currently he is the Director Research MVSR Engineering College and very recently was Director General of Vindhya Institute of Technology and Science (VITS) Indore.
 Zakariai (Persian: ذكريايي‎ also Romanized as Zakarīā’ī Zakarīyā’ī and Z̄akaryā’ī; also known as Zakarriya and Z̄akaryā’) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District Shabankareh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 523 in 126 families.
 Pierre-René Lemas (born February 23 1951 in French Algeria) is the chief of staff of the French President François Hollande.
 Blood on the Bricks is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Aldo Nova for which he signed to Jon Bon Jovi's Jambco Records. It was his first album in 6 years. The album featured fewer outside writers than his previous record Twitch. The songs were mostly written by Nova and Jon Bon Jovi with help from Jim Vallance and Rick Hughes of Canadian metal band Sword.
 The Perishers Live is a live album by The Perishers released in 2005.
 Dießenbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Isjek (Cyrillic: Исјек) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Scopula parodites is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Malaysia.
 Transfiguration of our Lord Russian Orthodox Church is a Russian Orthodox church is located in Baltimore Maryland. The church belongs to the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia.
 Alterna is the fifth studio album by Japanese rock band Rize.
 The Death of Jack Hamilton is a short story by Stephen King. It was originally published in the December 24/31 2001 issue of The New Yorker magazine. In 2002 it was published in King's collection Everything's Eventual. This true crime story is based on the death of a member of the John Dillinger's first gang.
 Hunger is the first album released by Sunderland indie band Frankie & The Heartstrings. It was released on 21 February 2011 on the band's own label Pop Sex Ltd. a subsidiary of Wichita Recordings. A live version of the album was available to redeem online when bought from HMV. The album produced by Orange Juice's Edwyn Collins was recorded at his West Heath Studios in London.The chorus from single 'Hunger' was used in a TV advert for Domino's Pizza.
 Chronic City (2009) is a novel by American author Jonathan Lethem.
 Complete Rarities: I.R.S. 1982–1987 is a 2014 compilation album featuring songs released by alternative rock band R.E.M. during their stint on I.R.S. Records.
 Mordellistena miyamotoi is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1956.
 Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a 2012 memoir by American author Cheryl Strayed describing her 1100-mile hike on the Pacific Crest Trail in a journey of self-discovery. The book reached No. 1 on the New York Times Best Seller list and was the first selection for Oprah's Book Club 2.0.
 Allah Nazar Baloch is a Baloch militant and former chairman of the Baloch Students Organization.
 Metamorphosis is a 1993 compilation album recorded and mixed by Scott Albert (now Klayton of Celldweller) featuring music from two of his projects Brainchild and his industrial metal band Circle of Dust as well as material from Living Sacrifice. The album includes Circle of Dust's song Heldweller which was the song that later spawned the name Celldweller used for Klayton's current music project.
 Óscar Fanjul Martín (Santiago 1949) is a Spanish economist.
 The Cioara River ( Hungarian: Csóra-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Scopula rostrilinea is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Atsina Lake is in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana just to the west of Pyramid Peak. Atsina Lake has several waterfalls nearby including Paiota Falls Atsina Falls and the Mokowanis Cascade.
 José Antonio Tony Rodríguez Quiles is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). He was elected to the Puerto Rico House of Representatives in 2012 to represent District 16. He is a member of Phi Sigma Alpha fraternity.
 Zurab Noghaideli (Georgian: ზურაბ ნოღაიდელი) (born 22 October 1964) is a Georgian businessman and a politician who served as the Prime Minister of Georgia from February 2005 until he resigned citing health problems on 16 November 2007. In December 2008 Noghaideli withdrew into opposition setting up the Movement for Fair Georgia party.
 Okaz (in Arabic عكاظ) is an Arabic Saudi Arabian daily newspaper located in Jeddah. The paper was launched in 1960 and its sister publication is Saudi Gazette. The paper is simultaneously printed in both Riyadh and Jeddah and has offices all over Saudi Arabia. However the daily mainly serves the provinces of the Hejaz and Asir.
 Iván Rakovszky de Nagyrákó et Kelemenfalva (5 February 1885 – 9 September 1960) was a Hungarian politician who served as Interior Minister between 1922 and 1926. He reorganized the police services and reformed their orders. In the cabinet of Géza Lakatos he was the Minister of Religion and Education (and de facto Deputy Prime Minister).His wife was Jolán Sándor de Csíkszentmihály NOT the daughter of former Minister of the Interior János Sándor but of his elder brother Kálmán.
 The Bungled & the Botched is the tenth full-length studio album by drone doom band Nadja released in July 2008 on ConSouling Sounds and limited to 500 copies.The second track Absorbed in You is a re-recording of the song of the same name from Nadja's collaboration Absorption with Methadrone from 2005. The limited pre-order edition of the album also came with a CD-R containing the demo version of The Bungled & the Botched and the original version of Absorbed in You.
 Journals Of Expeditions Of Discovery Into Central Australia And Overland From Adelaide To King George's Sound In The Years 1840-1 is an 1845 book written by Edward John Eyre and illustrated by Samuel Thomas Gill. It comprises the edited journals of Eyre's explorations in Australia.The journals were effectively written during Eyre's explorations. Eyre prepared them for publication while en route to London by ship in 1844. The following year they were published in two volumes by T & W Boone.
 The 22nd Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday of October and terms began on the first Tuesday in January. It met in Dover Delaware convening January 2 1798 two weeks before the beginning of the only full year of the administration of Governor Daniel Rogers.
 A Prince Among Thieves is the second studio album by hip hop artist Prince Paul. It is considered an apex in the hip hop world and was one of the most acclaimed concept albums of its time. A Prince Among Thieves was well received by music critics upon its release. Music essayist Robert Christgau has cited it as the closest thing to a true rock opera you've ever heard.
 Mankillers also known as 12 Wild Women was filmed in 1986 in and around Riverside California United States and was written and directed by David A. Prior. The film was shot back to back with Deadly Prey as part of the newly formed Action International Pictures.
 Walter Estes Dellinger III (born May 15 1941) is the Douglas B. Maggs Professor of Law at Duke University and head of the appellate practice at O’Melveny & Myers in Washington D.C. He also currently leads Harvard Law School's Supreme Court and Appellate Litigation Clinic. He served as the acting United States Solicitor General for the 1996-1997 Term of the Supreme Court.
 Luggala (Irish: Log an Lágh meaning hollow of the hill) also called Fancy Mountain (from Irish Fuinnse meaning ash tree) is a 595 metres (1952 ft) mountain in the Wicklow Mountains Ireland. Its cliffs are situated above a lake Lough Tay and are a popular location for rock climbing.Luggala is about 45 kilometres (28 mi) southwest of Dublin.
 Waqt (Hindi: वक़्त Urdu: وقت English: Time) is a Hindi dramafilm released in India and the United Kingdom on 22 April 2005.Waqt is loaded with family drama and comedy. It has its comic element in the form of the bumbling servant Laxman who misunderstands the most simple requests made of him in a style reminiscent of certain Shakespearian comic relief characters. The drama comes from the conflict between the father Ishwarchand and son Aditya.
 Bondenau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 County Bridge No. 36 is a historic concrete arch bridge spanning Jacoby Creek at Portland Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1907 and is a small single arched bridge with a span measuring 28 feet. It features an incised keystone and a simply ornamented continuous concrete parapet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 For the 1953 film see Sea DevilsSea Devils is a 1937 American film directed by Benjamin Stoloff. Among the American preparedness films of the mid-1930s devoted to enhancing the image of the Army (Flirtation Walk) the Navy (Here Comes the Navy) and the Marines (The Singing Marine Devil Dogs of the Air) this entry focuses equivalent approving attention on the work of the U.S. Coast Guard.
 Pihla is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Angeli senza paradiso is a 1970 Italian musicarello directed by Ettore Maria Fizzarotti. It is an unofficial remake of the 1933 film Leise flehen meine Lieder by Willi Forst.
 My Love Is a Bulldozer is an album by Venetian Snares set for release on June 16 2014.
 The Arcade in downtown Nashville Tennessee United States is a covered shopping arcade built in 1902 and modeled after an arcade in Italy.Developed by David C. Buntin and designed by the Edgefield and Nashville Manufacturing Company the Arcade opened as Nashville's first shopping center replacing the former Overton Alley.
 Ormetica bonora is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana Brazil Bolivia and Costa Rica.
 The Eastern Comma (Polygonia comma) is a North American butterfly in the family Nymphalidae subfamily Nymphalinae.
 Poshteh-ye Kol Kol (Persian: پشته كل كل‎; also known as Peleh-ye Kolkol and Pelleh Kalkal) is a village in Asemanabad Rural District in the Central District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 19 families.
 Among the Mourners is a 1914 short comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Spodoptera cilium known variously as Dark Mottled Willow Lawn Caterpillar and Grasslawn Armyworm is a noctuid moth found throughout much of Sub-Saharan Africa and western southern and south-east Asia and several countries in southern and eastern Europe. It is a migrant to northern Europe and has been recorded at least nine times in the UK.The larva feeds on Oryza. It is sometimes a pest.
 The Voire is a small river in France in the drainage basin of the Seine. Its source is in Mertrud in the Haute-Marne department. It flows through Montier-en-Der and Puellemontier and empties into the Aube River at Chalette-sur-Voire in the Aube department.
 Lake Vanda is a lake in Wright Valley Victoria Land Ross Dependency Antarctica. The lake is 5 km long and has a maximum depth of 69 m. On its shore New Zealand maintained Vanda Station from 1968 to 1995. Lake Vanda is a hypersaline lake with a salinity more than ten times that of seawater more than the salinity of the Dead Sea and perhaps even more than of Lake Assal (Djibouti) which is the world's most saline lake outside of Antarctica.
 Skogseidvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Fusa in Hordaland county Norway.
 Unforgiven (許されざる者 Yurusarezaru Mono) is a 2013 Japanese jidaigeki film directed by Lee Sang-il. It is a remake of Clint Eastwood's 1992 western Unforgiven. The film was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Antoniadi is a large lunar impact crater that lies on the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. The crater intrudes into the southeastern rim of the crater Minnaert a slightly smaller formation that is significantly more eroded. Attached to the eastern rim of Antoniadi is Numerov another large ancient crater similar to Minnaert.
 Johannisbach (Aachen) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Calcutta News (2008) is a Malayalam romantic drama film written and directed by Blessy. The film stars Dileep Meera Jasmine Indrajith and Vimala Raman. The music is by Debojyoti Mishra. The film deals with the issue of trafficking in women and how a middle-class girl from Kerala gets caught in it. It showcased Blessy's yet another different genre film and successfully provided Dileep a different character unlike his usual comic characters.
 Andrew Peter Cripps (born 5 February 1981) is an Australian politician who is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland and Minister for Natural Resources and Mines.He was born in Tully Queensland Australia and was elected for The Nationals in September 2006 to represent Hinchinbrook replacing the retiring National Party MP Marc Rowell.
 The Stories of Ray Bradbury (ISBN 0-394-51335-5) is as the title suggests an anthology containing 100 short stories by American writer Ray Bradbury and was first published by Knopf in 1980. The hundred stories written from 1943 to 1980 were selected by the author himself.
 The Tenniöjoki is a river in Russia and Finland. It begins in Murmansk Oblast in Russia from where it flows into Finnish territory in Lapland region. It is a tributary of Kemijoki and one of its tributaries is Kuolajoki River which also begins on the Russian side of the border and ends in Finland.The river is 73 kilometres (45 mi) long and the area of its watershed is 725 square kilometres (280 sq mi). It starts in a swampy area by the slopes of the Minkeliminturi mountain.
 Nautilus cookanum is an extinct species of nautilus. It lived during the Eocene epoch. N. cookanum has been grouped into a single taxon together with extant species based on their shared shell characters. Fossils of the species from the Late Eocene Hoko River Formation are noted as one of the two oldest occurrences for the genus.
 The wild goat (Capra aegagrus) is a widespread species of goat with a distribution ranging from Europe and Asia Minor to central Asia and the Middle East. It is the ancestor of the domestic goat.
 Favartia crouchi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Clavius is one of the largest crater formations on the Moon and it is the third largest crater on the visible near side. It is located in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon to the south of the prominent ray crater Tycho. The crater is named for the Jesuit priest Christopher Clavius a 16th-century German mathematician and astronomer.
 Let It Ripp is The Rippingtons' twelfth album which was released in 2003.
 Jerzyn [ˈjɛʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Pobiedziska and 25 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 90.
 Darkest Midnight (often called Darkest Midnight: Good People All or The Darkest Midnight) is a music album by Irish singer Nóirín Ní Riain featuring the Monks of Glenstal Abbey mostly made up of Christmas songs from the ancient Wexford singing traditions. It was released in 1982 and has had subsequent rereleases. The album was remastered in 2004.
 The Search for Animal Chin is a 1987 skateboarding film featuring the Bones Brigade. It is one of the first skateboarding films to have a plot.
 Love Actually is a 2003 British Christmas-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Richard Curtis. The screenplay delves into different aspects of love as shown through ten separate stories involving a wide variety of individuals many of whom are shown to be interlinked as their tales progress.Set primarily in London the story begins five weeks before Christmas and is played out in a weekly countdown until the holiday followed by an epilogue that takes place one month later.
 O'Kane Market and O'Kane Building are historic commercial buildings located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. The O'Kane Market (1878) and O'Kane Building (1889–1890) are architecturally significant as intact representative examples of late 19th century Italianate and Eclectic style commercial properties in Rochester's Eighth Ward.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Misty Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located east of the Bighorn Highway within Kananaskis Country Canada. It is a sub-range of the High Rock Range in the Southern Continental Ranges.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 Chingari also titled Chingaari is a 2012 Indian Kannada action film starring Darshan and Deepika Kamaiah in the lead roles. The film is directed by A. Harsha and V. Harikrishna is the music director of the film.It is also dubbed into Hindi as Chingaara. B. Mahadevu produced the film with a budget of 80 million (US$1.3 million). It is Inspired by Hollywod flick Taken.
 Carsington Water is a reservoir operated by Severn Trent Water in Derbyshire England. The reservoir takes water from the River Derwent at Ambergate during winter months pumping up to the reservoir by 10.5-kilometre (6.5 mi) long tunnels and aqueduct. Water is released back into the river during summer months for water abstraction and treatment further downstream.
 Ralph Izard (January 23 1741/1742 – May 30 1804) was a U.S. politician. He served as President pro tempore of the United States Senate in 1794.
 Bear Garden Mountain is a forested mountain ridge of the Ridge-and-valley Appalachians in Hampshire County West Virginia and Frederick County Virginia.
 Tylonycteris is a genus of bats within the Vespertilionidae or Vesper bats family. Species within this genus are: Lesser Bamboo Bat Tylonycteris pachypus Pygmy Bamboo Bat Tylonycteris pygmaeus Greater Bamboo Bat Tylonycteris robustula
 Piekarzew [pjɛˈkaʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Pleszew and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Larcophora is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Yerrasanivari Banjar(YS.Banjar)is a small village located adjacent to medium water project called as Lanka Sagar. It comes under the Mandal of Vemsoor in Andhra Pradesh. Most of the people in this village farmers peasants. So Yerrasanivari Banjar is a typical example of agrarian economy depending on the agriculture. In recent years due to the economic liberalization or market reforms there has been a tremendous development in Hyderabad.
 A 2006 novel written by David Liss that revolves around Lemuel (Lem) Atlick a door to door encyclopedia salesman who is caught in the middle of an assassination and becomes a sole witness. The novel is a major departure from the series of economic history adventures Liss had previously written and a venture into black humor and modern satire.
 A God in Ruins is a 1999 novel by Leon Uris.Set between the 1940s and 2008 the book follows the life of Quinn Patrick O'Connell the fictional Democratic candidate for the 2008 United States Presidency his family and the life of his opponent Thornton Tomtree. The book climaxes with the election campaign and its results.
 Thomas Hooker is a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Michigan. He is currently a member of the Michigan House of Representatives representing the 77th District which covers the city of Wyoming and Byron Township. Representative Hooker was elected in 2010 and is currently serving his first term as a State Representative. Prior to becoming a member of the Michigan House Hooker was a school teacher in the Byron Center School District for 37 years.
 Kal Matali (Persian: كل متلي‎ also Romanized as Kal Matalī and Kal Matlī; also known as Lātīdān) is a village in Gachin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1589 in 325 families.
 The Gulderstock is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located north of Matt in the canton of Glarus. It lies south of the Magerrain on the range between the valleys of Mülibach and Chrauchtal.
 The American sailfin eel (Letharchus velifer also known as the Sailfin eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by George Brown Goode and Tarleton Hoffman Bean in 1882. It is a subtropical marine eel which is known from the western Atlantic Ocean including the United States (North Carolina and northeastern Florida) and the northeastern Gulf of Mexico. It frequently inhabits scallop grounds. Males can reach a maximum total length of 51 centimetres.
 Stardust We Are is the third studio album by the progressive rock band The Flower Kings which was released in 1997. It is the band's first double-CD studio album and includes the epic composition and title track Stardust We Are which has since become one of the band's signature song.
 The Chrysotricha Skipper or Goldenhaired Sedge-skipper (Hesperilla chrysotricha) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Victoria Tasmania South Australia and Western Australia.The wingspan is about 35 mm for males. Females are slightly larger.The larvae feed on various sword grasses including Gahnia decomposita Gahnia deusta Gahnia filum Gahnia microstachya Gahnia radula Gahnia sieberiana and Gahnia trifida.
 Middle Lakes is a lake of Argyle municipality in south-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 Sukhvor-e Khush Aqbal (Persian: سوخورخوش اقبال‎ also Romanized as Sūkhvor-e Khūsh Āqbāl) is a village in Heydariyeh Rural District Govar District Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 24 families.
 The Fort de l'Île Sainte-Hélène a historic site on Saint Helen's Island that belongs to the city of Montreal Quebec was constructed in the early 1820s as an arsenal in the defensive chain of forts built to protect Canada from a threat of American invasion. Although not heavily fortified it served an important purpose as the central artillery depot for all forts west. These included Fort Henry and Fort Lennox.
 De Komst van Joachim Stiller is a 1976 Belgian film directed by Harry Kümel based on the book of the same name.
 Live Bait is the second book by author P. J. Tracy. It follows on from her first book Monkeewrench and has the same principal characters. This book starts with the death of an elderly man which at closer inspection looks like an execution.
 Uyyalawada is a village and a Mandal in Kurnool district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.Uyyalawada is located in allagadda constituency of kurnool district of ANDHRA PRADESH. It is nearly 80 km from the district headquarters. It is on the bank of a River Kundu which is a tributary of the Penna River.
 Kondramutla is a village in Ipur Mandal Guntur District Andhra Pradesh India. Part of the Vinukonda assembly constituency and the Narasarao Pet parliamentary constituency it is located 85 kilometres (53 mi) southwest of Guntur and is on the state highway connecting Vinukonda the nearest town and Hyderabad.
 Professor Vilen Naumovich Komissarov (Russian: Комиссаров Вилен Наумович) (August 23 1924 – June 8 2005) has gained recognition in Russia and beyond its borders as an authority on translation theory and methods of translator training (in Russian: Perevodovediniye - ПЕРЕВОДОВЕДЕНИЕ ) Head of the Department of Translation Theory History and Criticism at Moscow State Linguistic University he has a record of half a century of research and teaching in this field as well as of practical work as a conference interpreter and translator.
 Seven Girlfriends is a 1999 romantic comedy film starring Tim Daly.
 William McG. Morrison was the fifty-seventh mayor of Charleston South Carolina serving between two terms between 1947 and 1959. He was the first person elected to three terms as mayor of Charleston as a result of his win in June 1955. He lost his fourth bid by 455 votes to J. Palmer Gaillard Jr. on June 9 1959.In his first term Morrison originated the idea of closing the historic Charleston Orphan House and creating a new orphanage in the nearby suburbs around a series of cottages.
 My Xperience is a reggae album by Jamaican dancehall performer Bounty Killer released in 1996 (see 1996 in music). Bounty Killer was one of dancehall's biggest stars in the 1990s and his harsh hip hop-influenced songs made him a controversial figure. Most of the songs on My Xperience are morose tales of poverty and violence.The album was listed in the 1999 book The Rough Guide: Reggae: 100 Essential CDs.
 Kushk-e Bagh (Persian: كوشك باغ‎ also Romanized as Kūshk-e Bāgh) is a village in Kah Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 81 families.
 Colin Fox (born 17 June 1959 Motherwell) is the national co-spokesperson of the Scottish Socialist Party and a former member for Lothian in the Scottish Parliament. He lives in the Inch Edinburgh with his partner Zillah and their two children.Fox has described himself as a Marxist and a Trotskyist.
 Bellefonte Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Bellefonte Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1930 and consists of an administration building and stable building executed in the Colonial Revival style. Both buildings are constructed of brick and have slate hipped roofs.It was designed by architect Joseph F. Kuntz.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Étienne Francois Jacques Davignon Viscount Davignon (born 4 October 1932 in Budapest) is a Belgian politician businessman and former vice-president of the European Commission.
 Kanni is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 B-Side is a premiere five song extended play by Chinese-American artist Baiyu released on December 07 2010 via the artist's Bandcamp page. Most of the songs from this project were completed during her 6 month stay in Kauai Hawaii where she also completed the filming for an independent film along with a music video for the single Sweet Misery.
 Akiko is an American comic book series written and drawn by Mark Crilley and published by Sirius Entertainment. The comics have spawned a series of children's novels from Random House.The story has been described as a cross between The Wizard of Oz and Star Wars centering on the adventures of Akiko a Japanese American girl on and around the planet Smoo accompanied by extraterrestrials Mr.
 War Metal Battle Master is the third studio album by the Chicago-based sludge/thrash metal band Lair of the Minotaur. There was a music video recorded for the title track which was directed by Gary Smithson.
 Port of Morrow is the fourth studio album by American rock band The Shins. Co-produced by Greg Kurstin and frontman James Mercer the album was released March 20 2012 on Aural Apothecary and Columbia Records. The Shins' first studio album in five years following the release of 2007's Wincing the Night Away the band's fourth effort followed major lineup changes in the group: founding members Dave Hernandez (bass guitar) Marty Crandall (keyboards) and Jesse Sandoval (drums) departed in 2009.
 Grace Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Scottsville in Monroe County New York. The church was designed by noted Rochester architect Harvey Ellis (1852-1904) and built in 1885. It is in the Latin cross form in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. It has a native fieldstone lower level with an upper section of frame construction with a non-structural wall of stained glass. It features rounded apsidal and transept ends topped by conical roofs.
 Spark Large is the first release by Swedish indie rock band Marching Band. The scheduled release date was 5 August 2008 by U & L Records.
 The Price is a 1968 play by Arthur Miller. It is a piece about family dynamics the price of furniture and the price of one's decisions. The play opened on Broadway at the Morosco Theatre on February 7 1968 where it played until the production moved to the 46th Street Theatre on November 18 1968. The production closed on February 15 1969 after 429 performances.
 Beyond the Wall of Sleep is a short story by American writer H. P. Lovecraft written in 1919 and first published in the amateur publication Pine Cones in October 1919.
 The Last of the Greats is a comic book limited series owned by writer Joshua Hale Fialkov and artist Brent Peeples. It was published by Image Comics from October 5 2011 through February 2012. A sequel Return of the Greats is forthcoming.
 Jabal Umm al-Farfar is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Mark Herbert Blumsky QSO (born 29 August 1957) is a former New Zealand politician and diplomat. He was Mayor of Wellington from 1995 to 2001 and a Member of Parliament for the National Party from 2005 to 2008. Blumsky was New Zealand's High Commissioner to Niue from 2010 to 2014.
 Köyliönjärvi (Lake Köyliö Swedish: Kjulo träsk) is a lake in the municipality of Köyliö Finland. Lake Köyliö is the home of the first documented historical event in Finland as Saint Henry was allegedly murdered on the ice of the lake in 1156. The lake and its surroundings are classified as a one of the National landscapes of Finland. Area has been inhabited continuously since the Iron Age.
 Rise Above: The Tribe 8 Documentary is a feature film directed and produced by Tracy Flannigan that documents the all women queercore punk band Tribe 8.The film chronicles live performances candid moments of their lives at work and on the road and the controversy at the Michigan Womyn's Music Festival an all women's music festival that landed them in a quagmire of protest and praise from a fiercely divided crowd.
 Yes: Live in Philadelphia is the video release of a concert by the progressive rock group Yes recorded live at the Philadelphia Spectrum on June 21 1979. The concert is performed in the round with a rotating stage in the centre of the venue. The concert was part of the summer leg of their 1978-1979 tour to support the album Tormato.
 Anaspidoglanis boutchangai is a species of claroteid catfish.
 In the Belly of the Brazen Bull was released on 7 May 2012 as the fifth studio album by British indie rock band The Cribs via Wichita Recordings. The band announced the record title and track-listing on 14 February 2012.
 The Maryland State House is located in Annapolis and is the oldest state capitol in continuous legislative use dating to 1772. It houses the Maryland General Assembly and offices of the Governor and Lieutenant Governor. The capitol has the distinction of being topped by the largest wooden dome in the United States constructed without nails. The current building which was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1960 is the third statehouse on its site.
 Nidoni is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bijapur taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
 Xanthomorda guineensis is a beetle in the Xanthomorda genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1969 by Ermisch.
 Galumin [ɡaˈlumin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Lubowidz 10 km (6 mi) north of Żuromin and 129 km (80 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 The Lake Wellesley is a lake in Yukon Canada with an area of 72 km².The lake is popular for angling.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Sahray-ye Bagh Rural District Sahray-ye Bagh District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 18 families.
 Busybody Nora is a children's book written and illustrated by Johanna Hurwitz. It was first published in 1976.Busybody Nora was Hurwitz's first library book provided as a chapter book to help children of the book's reading age. On Accelerated Reader the level of the story was 4.1 (blue color) and had access of practice tests. It became one of the most popular children's library books ever
 The Alvin and Grace Washburn House at 753 North 100 West in Orem Utah was built in 1938. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.It is architecturally unique in Orem.
 I Don't Speak the Language is an album by Matthew Wilder. It was released in 1983 on Private-I/Epic and is notable for the hit single Break My Stride.
 Alexander K. McClure School is a school of the School District of Philadelphia located in a historic school building located in the Hunting Park neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1910-1911. It is a three-story five bay brick building with a raised basement in the Colonial Revival-style. It features a three story rounded arched opening above the entrance stone trim and a rounded parapet. An addition was built in 1967.
 Flehbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Thean Hou Temple (Chinese: 天后宫; pinyin: Tiānhòu gōng; Cantonese Yale: tin1hau6 gung1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Thian-hiō-kiong) is a landmark six-tiered Chinese temple in Kuala Lumpur. It is located on a 1.67 acres (6760 m²) of land atop Robson Heights along Lorong Bellamy overlooking Jalan Syed Putra (Federal Highway). It was completed in 1987 and officially opened in 1989.
 Masks is a comic based on the Angel television series.This issue is a one-shot Halloween-themed annual featuring four special stories.
 The Amar Mahal Palace is a palace in Jammu in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir India which has now been converted into a Museum. It was built in the nineteenth century for Raja Amar Singh a Dogra king by a French architect on the lines of a French Chateau. The palace was donated to the Hari-Tara charitable trust by Dr. Karan Singh for use as a museum.
 Alderfen Broad lies within The Broads National Park in Norfolk England.It is a nature reserve in the care of Norfolk Wildlife Trust.
 The Fântâna Albă River is a tributary of the Măieruş River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Pârâul Ţiganului and Raherna
 Legends of the Fall is a 1994 American epic drama film directed by Edward Zwick and starring Brad Pitt Anthony Hopkins Aidan Quinn Julia Ormond and Henry Thomas. Based on the 1979 novella of the same title by Jim Harrison the film is about three brothers and their father living in the remote wilderness of early 1900s and how their lives are affected by nature history war and love.
 The Dodger Point Fire Lookout was built in 1933 in Olympic National Park as a fire observation station. The single-story frame structure is located on the peak of Dodger Point above the timber line at an elevation of 5753 feet (1754 m). Measuring 15 feet (4.6 m) by 15 feet (4.6 m) it is clad in wood clapboards and has a simple pitched roof covered with wood shakes. Large windows on all four sides are covered by awning-style wood shutters. It was built by the U.S.
 Hell Roaring Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 13.3 miles (21.4 km) southwest of Stanley. The lake can be accessed from State Highway 75 in the Sawtooth Valley. There is a trailhead about two miles from the lake on Sawtooth National Forest road 097 which is a high clearance road.
 Omiodes anastrepta is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Oahu Molokai and Hawaii. It was first cited as possibly extinct in 1994 by the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service. It was listed as extinct by the Hawai‘i Biological Survey in 2002 but was rediscovered in 2003.The larvae feed on Carex wahuensis. They feed in the crown of their host plant eating the younger leaves and spinning them together for a retreat where pupation takes place.
 Monica Stonier is an American politician of the Democratic Party. She is a member of the Washington House of Representatives representing the 17th district.
 Kuhikheyl (Persian: كوهي خيل‎ also Romanized as Kūhīkheyl) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 52 families.
 Pediše (Serbian: Педише) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Four Girls From Hong Kong is a 1972 Hong Kong drama film.
 Kicha Vayasu 16 is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2005
 Leśniczówka [lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 KARNAS is an album by the Polish singer Grzegorz Karnas.
 Time and the Gods is an omnibus collection of fantasy stories by Lord Dunsany. It was first published by Orion Books in 2000 as the second volume of their Fantasy Masterworks series. This omnibus contains all the stories from Dunsany's earlier collections: Time and the Gods The Sword of Welleran and Other Stories A Dreamer's Tales The Book of Wonder The Last Book of Wonder and The Gods of Pegāna.
 The Secret of the Magic Gourd (Chinese: 宝葫芦的秘密) or The Magic Gourd is a 2007 live-action movie made by Centro in co-operation with China Movie Co Ltd and Disney.The Secret of the Magic Gourd is Disney's first CGI/animation full length feature produced for the Chinese mainland market.The film has been released on DVD in the United States on January 27 2009. The English dub of the film features Corbin Bleu as the voice of the Magic Gourd.
 Doilbong is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. It is located within the boundaries of Yangpyeong County. Doilbong has an elevation of 864 m (2835 ft).
 Flinx Transcendent is a science fiction novel by Alan Dean Foster. The book is the fourteenth chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series and was released in April 2009. The novel is the final volume in the series.
 California State Prison Los Angeles County (LAC) is a male-only state prison located in the city of Lancaster in Los Angeles County California. The first and only state prison located in the county it is also referenced as Los Angeles County State Prison CSP-Los Angeles County. Only occasionally is the prison referred to as Lancaster State Prison which was particularly avoided in 1992 partly to ease the stigma for Lancaster.
 Three Sixty Residences is a 22-storey 82.18 m (269.6 ft) residential skyscraper in downtown San Jose California. It is the fourth tallest building in the city. Originally built to be a condominium tower the vacant Three Sixty was converted to luxury rental apartment units in 2010 after the down-turn in local real estate market.
 Kusače (Cyrillic: Кусаче) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Han Pijesak.
 Bystra-Osiedle [ˈbɨstra ɔˈɕɛdlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Pruszcz Gdański and 12 km (7 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 320.
 The Butt is a satirical novel by Will Self published in 2008.
 The Trap is a 1985 erotic thriller starring Tony Musante Laura Antonelli and Florinda Bolkan.The film has been released under several titles over the years. The original Italian title is La Gabbia though it is also known as Collector's Item Dead Fright and La Jaula.
 Iwan Huws is a former executive of environmental governing bodies and political candidate.Huws from Y Felinheli previously served as a chief executive of the Snowdonia National Park and as the Welsh director of the National Trust. In November 2010 Huws was selected as the Aberconwy constituency candidate for Plaid Cymru for the Welsh Assembly elections in May 2011.
 Skull Valley of Utah is a 40-mi (64 km) long valley located in east Tooele County at the southwest of the Great Salt Lake.
 Jungle Blues is the fourth album by Australian Hokum Blues musician C. W. Stoneking. In 2009 Stoneking received five ARIA Award nominations 'Best Blues and Roots Album' 'Best Independent Release' 'Best Male Artist' and 'Best Album Cover Art' eventually winning 'Best Blues and Roots Album' for Jungle Blues.
 The Leckie Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia Canada located northwest of Gun Lake between Leckie Creek and Slim Creek. It has an area of 78 km2 and is a subrange of the Chilcotin Ranges which in turn form part of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains.
 Tony Cornish (born May 3 1951) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota he represents District 23B which includes portions of Blue Earth Le Sueur Waseca and Watonwan counties in the southern part of the state.
 Narcondam or Narcondum is a small volcanic island located in the Andaman Sea. Its central peak rises some 710 m above mean sea level and is formed of andesite. It is considered to be part of the Andaman Islands the main body of which lie approximately 114 km to the west. The island is part of the Indian union territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands. The island is small covering an area of approximately 6.8 square kilometres.
 The Corytophanidae are a family of lizards also called casquehead lizards or helmeted lizards endemic to the New World. Nine species of casquehead lizards from three genera are recognized.
 Kanda is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2304 people living in 448 individual households.
 Gangolfsberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Мастер is the first studio album by Russian thrash metal band Master. This album has sold over one million copies.[citation needed]
 Noah Nicholas Nick Perry (born August 1 1950) is a Democratic member of the New York State Assembly. He currently represents District 58 which comprises East Flatbush as well as portions of Canarsie and Brownsville among other neighborhoods located in the borough of Brooklyn. Perry serves as the Deputy Majority Leader of the New York State Assembly and is Chairman of the New York State Association of Black & Puerto Rican Legislators.
 Wade Walker Burnside Sr. known as W. W. Burnside (December 24 1882 - January 1 1966) was a large-scale cotton planter and civic figure who served from 1924 to 1940 as the mayor of Newellton in Tensas Parish in northeastern Louisiana.
 The Kendall County Courthouse is a former courthouse in Yorkville Kendall County Illinois United States. The original building was completed in 1864 but was later destroyed by fire. A replica of the Italianate structure was erected in 1887. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Arumugam Kandiah Sarveswaran is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and provincial councillor.Sarveswaran is the brother of Eelam People's Revolutionary Liberation Front leader Suresh Premachandran.Sarveswaran contested the 2013 provincial council election as one of the Tamil National Alliance's candidates in Jaffna District and was elected to the Northern Provincial Council. After the election he was appointed to assist the Chief Minister on economic planning.
 The Bächlesbach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 Amour de poche (English: Girl in His Pocket) is a French comedy Fantasy film from 1957 directed by Pierre Kast written by France Roche starring Jean Marais. The scenario was based on a novel Diminishing Draft of Waldemar Kamempfert. The film was known under the title Girl in His Pocket (USA) Alchimie der Liebe (West Germany) Nude in His Pocket.
 Levi Barber (October 16 1777 – April 23 1833) was a surveyor court administrator banker and legislator.Levi Barber was born in Simsbury Connecticut the son of David Barber and Sarah Lawrence. Levi moved to Ohio where he was a surveyor in the employ of the federal government. His name appears on early survey records in what later became Monroe County Ohio.On February 15 1803 in Washington County Ohio Levi Barber married Elizabeth Rouse of Massachusetts.
 Große Wilde is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 George S. Baker PC (born September 4 1942) is a Canadian politician and member of the Senate of Canada.Baker was first elected to the House of Commons in the 1974 election as the Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for Gander—Twillingate in Newfoundland and Labrador.
 Laguna Chaplín is a lake in the San Ignacio de Velasco Municipality José Miguel de Velasco Province Santa Cruz Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 190 m its surface area is 13 km².
 Alexander Feldman is a former Washington government official and current President of the US-ASEAN Business Council a position he has held since 2009.
 Typhlodaphne translucida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Thomas-Henri Lefebvre (23 May 1927 – 20 November 1992) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in North Bay Ontario and became a garage owner and operator by career.The son of Jean-Charles Lefebvre and Clarilda Provost he was educated in North Bay and established himself in business in Témiscamingue Quebec. In 1951 he married Léatrice-Lucille Vaillancourt. Lefebvre served on the town council for Témiscamingue from 1961 to 1965.
 Jennings-Marvin House is a historic home located at Dryden in Tompkins County New York. It was built in 1897 and is a 2-story three-bay frame Queen Anne–style structure with Colonial Revival and Shingle style detailing. The most notable feature is the 2 1⁄2-story octagonal tower with its wooden shingle sheathing and oval windows.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 An Island in the Soup is a children's book written and illustrated by French-Canadian author Mireille Levert intended for children ages 3–5. It was first published on May 1 2001 by Douglas & McIntyre/Groundwood Books. An Island in the Soup is an intriguing tale that provides a fun and imaginative twist on children playing with and in their food and tells a story of fantasy and imagination incorporating both mother and child through a grand dinner time adventure.
 Graham Gordon Glenn AO is a former senior Australian public servant.
 Najjar Kola-ye Jadid (Persian: نجاركلاجديد‎ also Romanized as Najjār Kolā-ye Jadīd; also known as Najjār Kolā) is a village in Kiakola Rural District in the Central District of Simorgh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 336 in 95 families.
 Star-Spangled War Stories was the title of a DC Comics comic book series that featured war-themed characters and stories. Among the features published in this series were writer-editor Robert Kanigher and artist Jerry Grandenetti's Mlle. Marie about a World War II French Resistance fighter debuting in #84 (Aug. 1959); The War that Time Forgot Enemy Ace and the Unknown Soldier.
 Lerbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 A Young Trophy Band in the Parlance of Our Times is the final ep and release from As Friends Rust. It featured the final line-up as well. Damien Moyal quit shortly after the recording of the album leading the band to decide whether to continue. They recruited a new vocalist and changed the band name to Salem.A bonus hidden track can be found at the end of track five at approximately 4:29.The LP version was released by Defiance Records.
 Holy Trinity Lutheran Church (Latvian: Svētās Trīsvienības Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca) is a Lutheran church in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 10 Sarkandaugavas Street.
 Rock of Ages (10895 feet (3321 m)) is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Rock of Ages is .50 miles (0.80 km) ESE of The Jaw and on the south side of Hanging Canyon.
 Open the Door is the third and most recent studio album by Roger Hodgson. It was his first studio release since 1987. It was released by Epic Records. The album was recorded mostly in France and features mostly French musicians as his backup band. This is Hodgson's only solo album to be partially recorded outside The United States.Once again collaborating with Hodgson former Yes guitarist and vocalist Trevor Rabin contributed background vocals on The More I Look.
 The greater earless lizard (Cophosaurus texanus) is a species of earless lizard endemic to the southwestern United States. It is called greater because it grows larger than the earless lizards of the genus Holbrookia to which it is closely related. While C. texanus is the only species within its genus it does have two subspecies.
 Sheikh Salman Bin Ibrahim Al Khalifa (شیخ سلمان بن ابراهيم آل خليفة in Arabic born 2 November 1965 in Riffa Bahrain) is the President of the Asian Football Federation since 2 May 2013. Before his election as the president of AFC he was president of Bahrain Football Association and also Chairman of the Asian Football Confederation Disciplinary Committee and Deputy Chairman of the FIFA Disciplinary Committee.
 Spofford is a 1967 play based on the novel Reuben Reuben by Peter DeVries. Melvyn Douglas appeared in the original Broadway run.
 †Carelia hyattiana was a species of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea. This species was endemic to the Hawaiian Islands.
 Saeb Salam (17 January 1905 – 23 January 2000) (Arabic: صائب سلام‎) was a Lebanese politician who served as Prime Minister six times between 1952 and 1973. Following his death the Lebanese daily As-Safir described Salam as most successful in dealing with the media and in presenting a particular image of himself to people on a daily basis through wearing his customary carnation ...
 Dragonflight is a fantasy novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey. It is the first book in the Dragonriders of Pern series. Dragonflight was first published by Ballantine Books in July 1968. It is a fix-up of novellas including two which made McCaffrey the first woman to win a Hugo or Nebula Award.In 1987 Locus: The magazine of the science fiction & fantasy field ranked Dragonflight number nine among the 33 All-Time Best Fantasy Novels based on a poll of subscribers.
 Singai Nesan (Tamil: சிங்கை நேசன் English: Singapore Friend also transliterated as Cinkai Necan) was a Tamil language weekly newspaper published from Singapore from 1887 to 1890. The newspaper also carried material in English and Malay. It is the oldest Tamil newspaper in Singapore of which a substantial number of issues has been saved in archives. The issues of Singai Nesan contains historical material on the religious life of Hindu and Muslim communities of Singapore. S.K.
 Murray Maxwell Bay (formerly: Murray Maxwell Inlet; Inuktitut: Tasiujaq) is an uninhabited waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in the Foxe Basin north of Baffin Island's Siorarsuk Peninsula.
 Continue To Kill is Debauchery's fifth studio album.
 Sir Arthur Ingram (ca. 1565 – 1642) was an English investor landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1610 and 1642. Responsible for the construction purchase and sale of many manor houses and estates in Yorkshire the Ingram family are most associated with Temple Newsam which became the seat of the wealthy family for over 300 years.
 Now Bijar Mahalleh-ye Mohsenabad (Persian: نوبيجارمحله محسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Now Bījār Maḩalleh-ye Moḩsenābād; also known as Now Bījār Maḩalleh) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District Kiashahr District Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 211 in 60 families.
 Calamonastes is a genus of birds in the family Cisticolidae. It contains African wren-warblers.
 Porichthys notatus is a species of fish in the toadfish family. It is a midshipman known by the common name plainfin midshipman. It is native to the eastern Pacific Ocean where its distribution extends along the coast from Sitka Alaska to Magdalena Bay in southern Baja California.
 The Masonic Temple in Muncie Indiana is a building from 1920. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Visayax is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Visayax estampadori Mendoza & Ng 2008 Visayax osteodictyon Mendoza & Ng 2008↑
 Brooklyn Wednesday is a live album by Jandek released in 2007 and is Jandek's 51st album. For this performance he was accompanied by Matt Heyner (bass) and Chris Corsano (percussion). The discs are contained in two single-size double-disc jewel cases in a cardboard sleeve. The same photo is onall three covers.
 Cambridge Springs Bridge was a historic metal truss bridge spanning French Creek at Cambridge Springs Crawford County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1896 and was a single span Baltimore truss bridge measuring 200-foot-long (61 m). It was built by the Youngstown Bridge Company of Youngstown Ohio. It was demolished about 2003.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The State I'm In is the debut album from American recording artist Louie Louie released on April 4 1990 via WTG Records and Epic Records. It is his only album so far to have charted on the Billboard 200 peaking at #136. The lead single Sittin' in the Lap of Luxury is also his only hit so far on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at #19.
 The Old Medford High School is a historic high school building at 48-64 Forest Street in Medford Massachusetts. The building presently houses condominiums and a community theater.It was built in 1894-1896 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.In 1914 an addition was added to the building nearly doubling it in size due to the growth of Medford. In 1929 the north wing was constructed followed by the south wing ten years later.
 R&B Transmogrification is an album by the American indie band Quasi. It was released on March 25 1997 on Up Records.
 Canadian Gardening was first published in February 1990 covering topics including garden profiles gardening techniques recipes projects and design ideas and regional information and events.Published eight times a year the magazine has a readership of more than 2 ½ million gardeners.
 Sepia Cinderella is a 1947 American musical race film directed by Arthur H. Leonard. The film is notable for musical numbers by vocalists Billy Daniels and Sheila Guyse and for a brief guest appearance by former child star Freddie Bartholomew who is onscreen as himself for five minutes telling gags to recharge his post-war career.It also marks the big screen debut of Sidney Poitier as an uncredited night club extra.
 Rock was a Yugoslav music magazine published from 1982 to 1990.
 Charles Alfred Cripps 1st Baron Parmoor KCVO PC QC (3 October 1852 – 30 June 1941) was a British politician who crossed the floor from the Conservative to the Labour Party and was a strong supporter of the League of Nations and of Church of England causes.
 Chrysallida fenestrata is an ectoparasitic species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Brookula enderbyensis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Efraín de Jesús Rodríguez is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). He was elected to the Puerto Rico House of Representatives in 2012 to represent District 19.
 Walter's Camp is a boating facility in the United States located on the California side of the Colorado River between Blythe California and Yuma Arizona in Imperial County.
 Embracing Defeat: Japan in the Wake of World War II is a history book written by John W. Dower and published by W. W. Norton & Company in 1999.
 King Kung Fu is a 1976 comedy film directed by Lance D. Hayes that is a low budget spoof of both King Kong and Kung Fu done in a slapstick style.
 Charles Robert Miller (September 30 1857 – September 18 1927) was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington Delaware. He was a member of the Republican Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly and as Governor of Delaware.
 Yellow Sticky Notes is a 2007 animated short film by Canadian artist Jeff Chiba Stearns. The film uses a series of sticky note papers to tell the events that happened to the filmmaker and the rest of the world during nine years.
 The Bexar County Courthouse is a historical building in Downtown San Antonio Texas USA.The building was designed by architect J. Riely Gordon and borders Main Plaza along with such other architectural landmarks as the Cathedral of San Fernando. The style is Romanesque Revival and the main material used is red sandstone. Ground was broken for Gordon's structure on August 4 1891 and the cornerstone was laid December 17 1892. After several delays construction was fully completed in 1896.
 Your Eyes is an album by Kultoriginally released in September 1991 on Zig-Zac label. It was rereleased in October 1998 through S.P. Records.
 Big Dreams in a Small Town is the third studio album by American country music group Restless Heart. It was released by RCA Nashville in July 1988. The Bluest Eyes in Texas A Tender Lie the title track and Say What's in Your Heart were released as singles. The album reached #4 on the Top Country Albums chart and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
 The Only Witness by Jude Watson is the seventeenth in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice. The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 The Ardmore Historic District in Winston-Salem North Carolina is a 600-acre (240 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. It includes works designed by Hall Crews and by Northrup & O'Brien. It includes Queen Anne and Bungalow/craftsman architecture among its 2093 contributing buildings. The listing also included two contributing sites.
 Caeus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Seh Chah Gelal (Persian: سه چاه گلال‎ also Romanized as Seh Chāh Gelāl; also known as Seh Chāh) is a village in Chin Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 The Prize Winner of Defiance Ohio is a 2005 biographical film written and directed by Jane Anderson. It is based on the book by Terry Ryan. The film stars Julianne Moore Woody Harrelson and Laura Dern. The film received a limited release on October 14 2005.
 Jango (2006) is the second book in the Noble Warriors Trilogy written by William Nicholson.
 The Boettger's dainty frog or common caco (Cacosternum boettgeri) is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.It is found in Botswana Ethiopia Kenya Lesotho Mozambique Namibia South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia Zimbabwe possibly Angola and possibly Uganda.
 Mount McGuire is a mountain located in the Sunwapta River Valley of Jasper National Park in Alberta Canada. The mountain was named in 1971 after Fenton John Alexander Mickey McGuire who served as a warden in the park for 34 years and ended his career as chief park warden.
 We Are the Freaks is a 2013 film. A surreal and anarchic anti-teen film about three misfits having the night of their lives. Starring Michael Smiley Jamie Blackley Sean Teale Rosamund Hanson and Adam Gillen. The film premiered at the 2013 Edinburgh International Film Festival in official competition.
 Nemacheilus sp. nov. is a species of ray-finned fish in the Balitoridae family.It is found only in Israel.Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 The Red-whiskered Bulbul (Pycnonotus jocosus) is a passerine bird found in Asia. It is a member of the bulbul family. It is a resident frugivore found mainly in tropical Asia. It has been introduced in many tropical areas of the world where populations have established themselves. It feeds on fruits and small insects and they conspicuously perch on trees and their calls are a loud three or four note call. The distinctive crest and the red-vent and whiskers makes them easy to identify.
 Mount Billy Mitchell is a prominent 6919-foot (2109 m) peak located in the Chugach Mountains 35 miles (56 km) east of Valdez and 12 miles (19 km) west of the Copper River in Alaska.
 Beauty Killer is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Jeffree Star released September 22 2009 under Popsicle Records through Warner Music Group's Independent Label Group. The album was mostly produced by God's Paparazzi but also features work from other producers and artist including producer Lester Mendez and Young Money singer and rapper Nicki Minaj.
 Cook Forest State Park is a 8500-acre (3440 ha) Pennsylvania state park in Farmington Township Clarion County Barnett Township Forest County and Barnett Township Jefferson County Pennsylvania in the United States. The park is a heavily wooded area of rolling hills and mountains along the Clarion River in northwestern Pennsylvania.
 Little Birds is Anaïs Nin's second published work of erotica which appeared in 1979 two years after her deathbut was apparently written in the early 1940s when she was part of a group writing pornography for a dollar a day.The book is a collection of thirteen short stories. The sexual topics covered are quite varied ranging from pedophilia to lesbianism but linked by an interest in female subjectivity and in the dialectic of discourse and intercourse.
 It Was Warm and Sunny When We First Set Out is the second full-length studio album from Vancouver indie rock band In Medias Res. It was produced by Jonathan Anderson a fellow Vancouver indie act who also worked with the band on their previous record as well as duo Dave Carswell and John Collins. Self-released on January 4 2011 the 10-track album was initially only available as a digital download.
 Kalangitan is a Philippine Historical Fiction Novel written by A.F. Eleazar. Its plot revolves around a princess named Dayang Kalangitan that will become Queen Regnant of NamayanTeundukand Bitukang Manok kingdom. It is set in Manila during 1450 A.D. .
 Danaus commonly called Tigers Milkweeds Monarchs and Queens is a genus of butterflies in the tiger butterfly tribe. They are found worldwide including North America South America Africa Asia Indonesia and Australia. For other Tigers see the genus Parantica.
 All Hallows Church Clixby is a redundant Anglican church in the hamlet of Clixby about 1 mile (1.6 km) east of the village of Grasby Lincolnshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands to the north of the A1084 road between Caistor and Brigg.
 Good Thing Going is the 12th album released from Rhonda Vincent. The album was released on January 8 2008 via Rounder Records. It was her third number-one album on the Top Bluegrass Albums chart as well as her first Top 40 (second overall) album on the Top Country Albums chart since 2003's One Step Ahead. The album features an appearance by singer Keith Urban who sings harmony vocals on the The Water Is Wide.
 The Dornetul River is a tributary of the Dobra River in Romania.
 Icons of Horror Collection - Sam Katzman is a quadruple feature DVD distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment; it is the most famous of the Icons of Horror DVDs the others including Icons of Horror Collection - Boris Karloff and Icons of Horror Collection - Hammer Films. It became a moderately popular DVD due to the exaggeration of Sam Katzman being an icon of horror since the films included on the DVD itself could be considered mediocre.
 33 Arch Street is a contemporary highrise in the Financial District and Downtown Crossing neighborhoods of Boston Massachusetts. The building was completed in 2004 after three years of construction which began on June 5 2001. It is tied with the State Street Bank Building as Boston's 19th-tallest building standing 477 feet (145 m) tall and housing 33 floors. The 33rd floor is 392 feet (119 m) above grade and the top of the cooling tower screen is 429 feet (131 m) above grade.
 Last Secrets is the final album by indie rock band The Like Young. It was released in 2006 by the Polyvinyl Record Company.
 The Wheel spider Golden Wheel spider or Dancing White lady spider (Carparachne aureoflava) is a huntsman spider native to the Namib Desert of Southern Africa. The spider escapes parasitic pompilid wasps by flipping onto its side and cartwheeling down sand dunes at speeds of up to 44 turns per second.Wheel spiders are up to 20 mm in size with males and females the same size. The wheel spider is nocturnal and a free-ranging hunter.
 Toxicology and Industrial health is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the fields of occupational health and toxicology. The editor-in-chief is Alan M. Hoberman (Charles River). It was established 1985 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Posadowsky Glacier (German: Posadowskygletscher 66°50′S 89°25′E) is a glacier about 9 nautical miles (17 kilometers; 10 miles) long flowing north to Posadowsky Bay immediately east of Gaussberg. Posadowsky Bay is an open embayment located just east of the West Ice Shelf and fronting on the Davis Sea in Kaiser Wilhelm II Land.
 Burg Krems is a castle in Styria Austria.
 The Caribbean Mystery is a 1945 film directed by Robert D. Webb. It stars James Dunn and Sheila Ryan.
 Puch Geli (Persian: پوچ گلي‎ also Romanized as Pūch Gelī; also known as Pūch Gelī-ye Sangān) is a village in Sangan Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Basri is a village in the District of Polatlı Ankara Province Turkey.
 Jacob Brinkerhoff (August 31 1810 – July 19 1880) was an American jurist Congressman and author of the Wilmot Proviso.
 Storm & Grace is the third studio album from American singer/songwriter Lisa Marie Presley. It was released on May 15 2012 in the United States and Canada. It is the singer's first album in seven years since the release of Now What. Storm & Grace is also her first album released as part of Universal Republic after leaving her previous label Capitol. The album was produced by T-Bone Burnett. The first single to be released from the album was You Ain't Seen Nothin' Yet.
 The Klaus Block is a historic building in downtown Lima Ohio United States. Built along Main Street in 1870 it is a rectangular three-story structure built in a Victorian variant of the Gothic Revival style of architecture. The exterior features a simple rectangular shape of three bays on each side topped with a hip roof of asphalt.
 The Mandeville House is located on Lower Station Road (Putnam County Route 12) in Garrison New York United States just west of its intersection with NY 9D and 403. It is the oldest extant house in that community dating to 1735.During the Revolutionary War General Israel Putnam after whom the county is named was headquartered there for a while. A later occupant architect Richard Upjohn lived there for the last 25 years of his life.
 Hyalurga scotina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hering in 1925. It is found in Brazil.
 Riddim Driven: Kopa also known as Kopa Riddim is an album produced by Black Chiney that was released on May 10 2005 as part of VP Records' Riddim Driven series.The sound system Black Chiney evolved from founding member Supa Dups' reggae/hip-hop mix-CD project and was established after Supa Dups teamed up with Bobby Chin who was a selector in Tampa Florida's Poison Dart sound system in 1999.
 Rasheh Deh (Persian: رشه ده‎ also Romanized as Rashah Deh) is a village in Sarkal Rural District in the Central District of Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 583 in 119 families.
 The Godavari (Marathi : गोदावरी)(Telugu: గోదావరి) is a river in south-central India. It starts in the western state of Maharashtra and flows through the southern state Andhra Pradesh before reaching the Bay of Bengal. It forms one of the largest river basins in India. With a length of 1465 km it is the second longest river in India after the Ganges. It originates near Trimbak in Nashik District of Maharashtra state.
 Karthala is an active volcano and the highest point of the Comoros at 2361 m (7746 ft) above sea level. It is the southernmost and larger of the two shield volcanoes forming Grande Comore island the largest island in the nation of Comoros. The Karthala volcano is notoriously active having erupted more than 20 times since the 19th century. Frequent eruptions have shaped the volcano’s 3 km by 4 km summit caldera but the island has largely escaped broad destruction.
 Haft Asiab (Persian: هفت اسياب‎ also Romanized as Haft Āsīāb and Haft Āsyāb) is a village in Efzar Rural District Efzar District Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 151 in 33 families.
 The Bargee is a 1964 British comedy film directed by Duncan Wood and starring Harry H. Corbett Hugh Griffith Eric Sykes and Ronnie Barker. The screenplay was written by Ray Galton and Alan Simpson.
 Henry St. George Tucker Sr. (December 29 1780 – August 28 1848) was a Virginia jurist law professor and U.S. Congressman (1815–1819).
 Dancing with a Ghost is the third full-length studio album by American pop punk band Valencia released through I Surrender Records on October 12 2010.After releasing a single album on major label Columbia Records We All Need a Reason to Believe in 2008 Valencia re-signed with their former independent label I Surrender Records in early 2010.
 The Giant Barred Frog Mixophyes iteratus is a species of barred frogs in Australia. It occurs from south-east Queensland to just south of the Newcastle region in New South Wales. It is associated with flowing streams and creeks in wet sclerophyll and rainforest habitats from the coast to the ranges.
 Gregory B. Starr was most recently the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Safety and Security. He was selected by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon on May 6 2009.Prior to his appointment with the United Nations Starr was the Director of the U.S. Diplomatic Security Service (DSS) and the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary within Bureau of Diplomatic Security (DS) from March 1 2007. Starr also served as the acting Assistant Secretary of State for DS from October 2007 to July 2008.
 Bagh-e Keshmir-e Olya (Persian: باغ كشميرعليا‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Keshmīr-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bāgh-e Keshmīr Bāgh-e Keshmīr-e Bālā and Bāgh Keshmīr) is a village in Bagh-e Keshmir Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1041 in 241 families.
 Dress Smart is a franchise of shopping centres in New Zealand that specialises in factory outlet stores.
 Darlene Magnolia Antonino-Custodio (born December 26 1973) was a former representative of the first district of South Cotabato and former mayor of General Santos City. She gained national fame for defeating her challenger professional boxer seven-division world champion Manny Pacquiao in the 2007 elections.Darlene comes from New Manila Quezon City. Her father and mother Aldelbert and Luwalhati R.
 Cheng Hon-kwan GBS OBE JP (born 16 May 1927 Hong Kong) was the member of the Executive Council and Legislative Council of Hong Kong.He is the fellow of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers Institution of Structural Engineers in the United Kingdom American Society of Civil Engineers and member of the Association of Consulting Engineers in the United Kingdom and Hong Kong.He was elected to the Legislative Council in 1985 and 1988 in the Engineering Architectural Surveying and Planning functional constituency. 
 It's a Man's Man's Man's World is an album by James Brown released in August 1966.
 Tapilkajmy [tapʲilˈkai̯mɨ] (German: Tappelkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Bartoszyce and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Yours for the Asking is a 1936 film starring George Raft as a casino owner and Dolores Costello as the socialite he hires as hostess. The movie also features Ida Lupino and was directed by Alexander Hall.
 Akhilesh Yadav (About this sound pronunciation ) is an Indian politician and a member of the Samajwadi Party. He was appointed Chief Minister of the state of Uttar Pradesh in 2012 at which time he was the youngest person to have assumed that office.
 Robert R. Gerhart Jr. (born December 21 1920) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate serving from 1969 to 1972. He also served in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Death Walks is an upcoming zero budget horror film directed by Spencer Hawken. The film stars Jessie Williams Lucinda Rhodes-Flaherty and Francesca Ciardi and will center around a group of people trying to survive inside a shopping center that is under attack by the dead. Death Walks is Ciardi's first horror film since her role as Faye Daniels in the 1980 film Cannibal Holocaust and her first film role in over 20 years her last film being 1991's Safari.
 Valeč (Karlovy Vary District) The Village of Valeč (in the pre-1945 German Waltsch) is located in the district of Karlovy Vary region of Karlovy Vary. In 2006 there were 407 inhabitants however according to the official website of the village there are now (date unspecified) 387 inhabitants.
 Gomphus lucasii is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Algeria and Tunisia. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Kowloon Hospital (Chinese: 九龍醫院) is a general care hospital at Prince Edward Road in Mong Kok of Kowloon in Hong KongThe hospital used to be an acute hospital with accident and emergency service. It was later converted to a chronic hospital to provide extended supportive care to patients from Queen Elizabeth Hospital. The hospital has specialist services in psychiatry rehabilitation respiratory medicine and geriatrics.
 Betadevario ramachandrani is a species of cyprinid fish that is found only in the upper Sita River India drainage in Karnataka India. It is the only member of its genus.
 Golden Down is the second studio album from American musician Willie Nile. It was first released in 1981 on vinyl by Arista Records. It was re-released on CD by Razor & Tie in 1992.
 Ticket to New Year's is a concert video by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded at the Oakland Coliseum Arena in Oakland California on December 31 1987. It was released on VHS video tape and on Laserdisc in 1996 and on DVD in 1998.
 The Fifth Man is a futuristic Christian novel by John B. Olson and Randall S. Ingermanson.
 Allegiant is a science fiction novel for young adults written by the American author Veronica Roth and published by HarperCollins in October 2013. It completes the Divergent trilogy that Roth inaugurated with her debut novel Divergent in 2011. The book is written from the perspective of both Beatrice (Tris) and Tobias (Four).Allegiant was published simultaneously by the HarperCollins imprints Katherine Tegen Books in the U.S. and HarperCollins Children's Books in the U.K.
 Perriertoppen is the second highest mountain in Svalbard at 1712 m. It is located in the north east of the island of Spitsbergen. The mountain is late Silurian granite.
 Middle Woman is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collections Cardography and Maps in a Mirror. Card originally published this in an anthology he was editing called Dragons of Darkness under the name Byron Walley.
 The Irish Voice is a newspaper published in New York City New York. It focuses on news and stories from an Irish-American perspective. The paper was first published in the fall of 1987 and was targeted at the new Irish immigrants who were moving in large numbers into the US.
 Gymnobela baruna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Oil Springs Methodist Church is a historic church at the junction of KY 580 and KY 40 in Oil Springs Kentucky.It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register in 1989.
 La Salamandre (English: The salamander) is a Swiss French-language magazine about nature. It was established in 1983 by an 11-year old boy Julien Perrot. La Salamandre is a non-profit-making company and its magazines do not contain any advertising. The magazine had 6000 subscribers in 1997 and 30000 in 2013 mainly in Switzerland and France.A nature magazine for children (6-10 years) is also published in French (La Petite Salamandre; English: The Little Salamander).
 Ladnapur is a village in Sangrampur tehsil of Buldhana district Maharashtra State India.
 Parvilux is a genus of lanternfishes.
 Lamak Mahalleh-ye Lafmejan (Persian: لمك محله لفمجان‎ also Romanized as Lamak Maḩalleh-ye Lafmejān) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 50 families.
 Ali Zeidan (sometimes written as Zidan; Arabic: علي زيدان‎; born 1950) is a former Prime Minister of Libya. He was appointed by the General National Congress on 14 October 2012 and took office on 14 November after Congress approved his cabinet nominees. Prior to the Libyan civil war Zeidan was a Geneva-based human rights lawyer and according to the BBC is considered by some local observers as a strong-minded liberal.
 Young Thongor is a collection of short stories by fantasy author Lin Carter with additional material by Robert M. Price edited and with a foreword by Adrian Cole. It was first published in trade paperback by Wildside Press in May 2012.
 Laurie Jinkins is a public health official from Tacoma Washington who serves as a member of the Washington House of Representatives from the 27th district. A Democrat she was elected in 2010 to succeed Dennis Flannigan and took office on January 10 2011.
 Krobica [krɔˈbit͡sa] (German: Krobsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Mirsk 27 kilometres (17 mi) south-west of Lwówek Śląski and 121 kilometres (75 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 360.
 Big Drama (foaled 2006 in Ocala Florida) is a dark bay thoroughbred racing colt bt leading sire Montbrook and out of dam Riveting Drama. He is trained by David Fawkes. Bred and owned by Mr. Harold Queen Big Drama has earned $2746060 to date (April 27 2012).
 J. D. Dam Lake is located 19.5 miles (31.4 km) south and east of Williams in North Central Arizona.
 Palk Gardel (Persian: پلك گردل‎) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 The Little Gap Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located near Little Gap in Lower Towamensing Township Carbon County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1860 and is a 73 foot Burr truss span crosses the Aquashicola Creek. The bridge incorporates elements of the Howe truss in its construction.A nearby restaurant the Covered Bridge Inn takes its name from the bridge. In 2011 the bridge was damaged by a hit and run driver.
 The Midland Continental Overpass near Jamestown North Dakota is a steel cantilever beam bridge that was built in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.According to its nomination the bridge is significant for its association with efforts to modernize and improve North Dakota's roadway system during the New Deal era including the state's first large-scale program of railroad-highway grade separation construction. The overpass is also eligible ...
 Victor Albert George Child Villiers 7th Earl of Jersey GCB GCMG PC DL JP (20 March 1845 – 31 May 1915) was a British banker Conservative politician and colonial administrator. He served as Governor of New South Wales between 1891 and 1893.
 Pseudohelenoconcha spurca is an extinct species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.This species was found only in Saint Helena (an island in the middle of the south Atlantic). This species is now considered to be extinct.
 The Izh (Russian: Иж; Udmurt: Оӵ Otš; Tatar Cyrillic: Иж Latin: İj [iʒ]) is a river in Udmurtia and Tatarstan Russian Federation a right-bank tributary of the Kama River. Its length is 226 km (97 of them in Tatarstan) and its drainage basin is 8478 km². It origins near Malye OshvortsyUdmurtia and falls to the Nizhnekamsk Reservoir Kama River near Golyushurma tract in Agryzsky District Tatarstan.The river's major tributaries are Agryzka Chazh Kyrykmas Varzinka Varzi Rivers.
 United Gates of America is a 2006 BBC television documentary directed by Alex Cooke featuring journalist Charlie LeDuff. He lived for a month within the gated community of Canyon Lake in Riverside County California to try and discover why people wanted to lock themselves behind gates and fences and what effect it had on the residents.
 The Slab Fork is a tributary of the Guyandotte River 15.1 miles (24.3 km) long in southern West Virginia in the United States.
 The Autumn Garden is a 1951 play by Lillian Hellman. The play is set in September 1949 in a summer home in a resort on the Gulf of Mexico about 100 miles from New Orleans. The play is a study of the defeats disappointments and diminished expectations of people reaching middle age. For inspiration Hellman drew on her memories of her time in her aunts' boardinghouse.
 Here (Croatian: Tu) is a Croatian film directed by Zrinko Ogresta. It was released in 2003.
 The Tetbury Avon also known as the Little Avon or the Ingleburn (Anglo-Saxon - English river) is a tributary of the Bristol Avon. It is also referred to as the River Avon (Tetbury Branch). It rises at Tetbury in Gloucestershire in the West Country of England and flows in a generally south easterly direction joining the Sherston Avon at Malmesbury in Wiltshire. The water flow has been reduced by public water extraction form its source aquifer in the Cotswold Hills.
 The Escarra Peak (Spanish: Punta Escarra) is a prominent mountain on the Spanish side of the Pyrenees in the North of Jacetania comarca in Aragon. The Escarra river has its sources beneath this peak.This peak is part of a subrange known as Sierra de la Partacua located in an area of many high peaks.
 Dwight Harding (1834 – July 3 1904) was a butcher miner and the 5th mayor of Missoula Montana. He was born in Tunkhancock Pennsylvania in 1834 and left home for the first time in 1856 when he moved to Minnesota. He headed west into the Canadian territory two years later and returned to the United States in 1863 after being employed by American surveyors to help establish the US–Canadian border.
 Sweets from a Stranger is the fifth studio album by the British New Wave group Squeeze. Its surprisingly dark mood and what some perceived as relatively uninspired songwriting led to some of the band's least flattering reviews since their debut. The band split up soon after a world tour for the record and the two main songwriters went on to record 1984's Difford & Tilbrook.
 Dad's Dead is a seven minute award winning film written and directed by Chris Shepherd commissioned by animate!. It was first transmitted on Channel 4 in 2003. Mixing animation with live action it deals with how memory works.On 27 August 2007 Dad's Dead was released as an extra on the DVD release of Danny Boyle's science fiction film Sunshine.
 Aires de Saldanha (Santarém Portugal 1542 - Terceira 1605) was a Portuguese military and a member of the Forty Conspirators. He was the son of António de Saldanha military and navigator who discovered the bay of Saldanha. He went to Portuguese India in 1558 with the viceroy Constantino of Braganza this time serving for twelve years in the region.
 Confessions Of Man is the third release from the rock group The Fifth and their first release with their new record label EMG/Universal Records. The album was originally released in 2008 under Infidel records.
 Owlar (Persian: اولر‎; also known as Rabīʿyeh) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 10 families.
 The Burning World is a 1964 science fiction novel by British author J. G. Ballard. An expanded version retitled The Drought was first published in 1965 by Jonathan Cape.
 Eulima diaphana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Garfield: His 9 Lives is a 1984 book (ISBN 0-345-32074-3) of illustrated short stories showing the nine lives of comic strip character Garfield. It was adapted into an animated television special in 1988 as well as a screensaver for download on the Garfield website.The book is divided into ten segments; the first one displays the creation of cats in general where the latter nine reveal events in Garfield's nine lives.
 Klatičevo is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 281 people.
 Phil Dyer (born July 6 1951) was the 37th mayor of Plano Texas. He was elected in 2009.He has a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Texas at Austin in 1973. He received his Masters of Business Administration from East Texas State University in 1981. Dyer served on several local boards and committees starting in 1984 and was in the Plano City Council from 1999 through 2005. He is also the president of LegacyTexas Bank.
 Ondina jansseni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Julio María Sanguinetti Coirolo (b. 6 January 1936 Montevideo Uruguay) is a Uruguayan politician lawyer and journalist as well as a former President of Uruguay (from March 1985 until March 1990 and again from March 1995 until March 2000) for the Partido Colorado.A lawyer and journalist by profession he was born into a middle-class family of Italian origin. He studied Law and Social Sciences at the University of Montevideo.
 The Jamestown Windmill is a smock mill in Jamestown Rhode Island within the Windmill Hill Historic District on North Road north of Weeden Lane. The 30-foot (9.1 m) high windmill was built in 1787 to grind corn after the British occupational forces destroyed the previous mill around the time of the Battle of Rhode Island. The windmill operated until 1895. Several renovations were done in the 20th century and the mill is presently maintained by the Jamestown Historical Society.
 The Sherwin Range is a mountain range that is a sub-range of the Sierra Nevada system in Mono County eastern California. The range is also known locally as The Sherwins.
 Lake Guerlédan is an artificial lake in the centre of Brittany France. It extends across the borders of the departments of Morbihan and Côtes-d'Armor within the communes of Saint-Aignan Morbihan and Mûr-de-Bretagne. At an elevation of 121 m its surface area is 4 km². Lake Guerlédan is the largest artificial lake in Brittany.This Lake was created to power the dam of Guerlédan.
 Melanella callistemma is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of many species known to exist within the genus Melanella.
 Dactylethrella is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The Blue Max is a 1966 British war film in DeLuxe Color and filmed in CinemaScope about a German fighter pilot on the Western Front during World War I. It was directed by John Guillermin stars George Peppard James Mason and Ursula Andress and features Karl Michael Vogler and Jeremy Kemp. The screenplay was written by David Pursall Jack Seddon and Gerald Hanley based on the novel of the same name by Jack D. Hunter as adapted by Ben Barzman and Basilio Franchina.
 Penion chathamensis is a species of very large predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Tenkiller Ferry Lake or more simply Lake Tenkiller is a reservoir in eastern Oklahoma formed by the damming of the Illinois River. The earth-fill dam was constructed between 1947 and 1952 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers for purposes of flood control hydroelectric power generation. water supply and recreation.
 HM Prison Prescoed is a Category D men's open prison located three miles from Usk in Monmouthshire South Wales. Prescoed is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and acts as a satellite prison of the nearby HMP Usk.
 The King dwarf gecko is a rare species of dwarf gecko native to southeast Africa (Malawi Mozambique).
 Crawford Lake is a lake in the Montreal River and Ottawa River drainage basins in Timiskaming District Ontario Canada. It is about 0.87 kilometres (0.5 mi) long and 0.62 kilometres (0.4 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 374 metres (1227 ft) about 7 kilometres (4 mi) southwest of the community of Gowganda.
 Written in Red is the thirteenth studio album recorded by The Stranglers. It was produced by Gang of Four's Andy Gill.The media launch-party for Written in Red was held on 13 December 1996 at EuroDisney in Paris and featured live performances of tracks from the effort.
 Shut Up and Listen to Majosha is Majosha's first and only album. This album never made it to CD and was only ever available on vinyl and cassette. All songs were written by Ben Folds and Millard Powers except Emaline written by both Ben Folds and Evan Olson. Songs Emaline and Video later appeared on Ben Folds Five albums and Kalamazoo was released on the Folds solo EP Super D.
 Norman Clyde Glacier is a small glacier located in the crest of the Sierra Nevada Range in the John Muir Wilderness of Inyo National Forest in Inyo County California. The glacier is northwest of Norman Clyde Peak (13861 ft (4225 m) NAVD 88) and both are named after California mountaineer Norman Clyde. A small ridge separates the glacier from the adjacent but larger Middle Palisade Glacier located less than .25 mi (0.40 km) to the southeast.
 Shad Begum is a social worker from Dir Lower Pakistan. She comes from a conservative and religious family. Her family supports the political party named Jamaat-i-Islami which is a conservative religious party. She is the first university-educated female in her family. She says she always got support from her father brothers and husband for her social work.
 Anatomy 2 (German: Anatomie 2) is a 2003 German thriller film written and directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky that stars Franka Potente. It's the sequel to the 2000 film Anatomy. The story moves to Berlin for this film.
 The Buff-banded Rail (Gallirallus philippensis) is a distinctively coloured highly dispersive medium-sized rail of the family Rallidae.
 Sir Geoffrey Francis Archer K.C.M.G. (c. 1882 – 1 May 1964) was a British ornithologist big game hunter and colonial official. He was Commissioner and then Governor of British Somaliland between 1913 and 1922 and was responsible for finally quelling the twenty-year long Dervish resistance of Mohammed Abdullah Hassan (Mad Mullah).From 1922 to 1925 Archer was appointed Governor of Uganda. He later served as Governor-General of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan between 1925 and 1926.
 Sir Malcolm Stevenson KCMG (15 March 1878 – 27 November 1927) was a British colonial administrator. He served as the Governor of Cyprus and later as the Governor of the Seychelles.Stevenson was born in Lisburn Ireland and educated at Trinity College Dublin from which he graduated in 1901. He entered the Ceylon Civil Service in that year rising to Second Assistant Colonial Secretary in May 1911.
 Sarenjelak (Persian: سرنجلك‎ also Romanized as Serenjelak; also known as Sar Anjīlak) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District Doshman Ziari District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 360 in 109 families.
 Todd McKenney is formerly a Summit County Common Pleas Judge Probate Division. He was formerly a member of the Ohio House of Representatives serving the 43rd District from January 3 2011 until resigning November 16 2011 to take the Judicial Appointment from Governor John Kasich. Governor John Kasich appointed Judge Todd McKenney to fill the seat on the Barberton Municipal Court bench on April 11 2014.
 Kuseh Piri (Persian: كوسه پيري‎ also Romanized as Kūseh Pīrī) is a village in Saruq Rural District Takht-e Soleyman District Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 33 families.
 Magic Lessons is the second installment in Justine Larbalestier's Magic or Madness Trilogy. It was released in 2006.
 Budi Lake (Spanish: Lago Budi Spanish pronunciation: [ˈbuði]) from the Mapudungun word Füzi which means salt is a tidal brackish water lake located near the coast of La Araucanía Region southern Chile. The lake is part of the boundaries between Saavedra and Teodoro Schmidt commune. Budi Lake is among the few lakes of the west coast of the Americas that have seasonal inflows of sea water.
 For other churches with the same or similar name please see Saint Andrew Church.Saint Andrew Orthodox Christian Church is a parish church of the Antiochian Orthodox Christian Archdiocese of North America an Archdiocese of the Greek Orthodox Patriarchate of Antioch and All the East.
 Béla Katona (born 9 February 1944 in Budapest) is a Hungarian politician (MSZP) who served as Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary from 2009 to 2010.
 Ptilocnemus is a genus of feather-legged bugs in the Holoptilinae subfamily. At least 12 species have been described. These species have a specialized organ called a trichome that the bugs use to attract and paralyze ants.
 David Emil Neumann (born October 5 1941) is a politician in the Canadian province of Ontario. He was the mayor of Brantford from 1980 to 1987 and served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal from 1987 to 1990. After several years out of politics he was elected as a city councillor for Brantford's fifth ward in the 2010 municipal election.
 Sir William Cleaver Francis Robinson GCMG (born 14 January 1834 – 2 May 1897) was a British colonial administrator and a musical composer being the author of several well-known songs.
 Gluck is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 105 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Gluck is named for the Austrian composer Christoph Willibald Gluck who lived from 1714 to 1787.
 Cherylin Naylor Peniston (born 3 March 1948) is a legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado. A career public school teacher Peniston was first elected as a Democrat in 2006 to the Colorado House of Representatives. She represents House District 35 which encompasses most of Westminster Colorado and portions of Arvada.
 DalawampunAPOsila is the third live album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society released in 1989 under Universal Records.
 The Răcad River is a river in Romania tributary of the Săcuieu River.
 I'll help You Forget Her is the name of a Country music album by Dottie West released in 1967.This is one of West's more successful albums. The album sold quite well and reached No. 11 on the Top Country Albums chart in 1967. The album only spawned one single however which was Like a Fool. The single was successful also reaching No. 13 on the Billboard Country music charts that same year. This was one of West's many albums with legendary RCA producer Chet Atkins.
 Anthony Soosai Ratnam Pirimus Sraiva is a Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer politician and provincial councillor.Sraiva contested the 2013 provincial council election as one of the Tamil National Alliance's candidates in Mannar District and was elected to the Northern Provincial Council. After the election he was appointed to assist the Chief Minister on policing and public order. He took his oath as provincial councillor in front of Chief Minister C. V.
 Tortilla Heaven is a 2007 independent comedy film written and directed by Judy Hecht Dumontet.
 Khasht (Persian: خشت‎ also Romanized as Khesht) is a village in Eshkanan Rural District Eshkanan District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 851 in 177 families.
 Low Country Blues is eleventh studio album by Gregg Allman released at Rounder Records on January 18 2011. It was produced by T-Bone Burnett. The album reached #5 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on the Top Blues Albums charts.
 Sir Tupua Leupena GCMG MBE (1922 - November 24 1996) was a political figure from the Pacific nation of Tuvalu. Leupena was appointed the Speaker of the Parliament from 1981 to 1985 during the prime ministerships of Toaripi Lauti and Tomasi Puapua.
 St Peter's Church is a Roman Catholic church in the Aldrington area of Hove part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. It is one of three Roman Catholic churches in Hove and one of eleven in the wider city area. Built between 1912 and 1915 in a red-brick Romanesque style its tall campanile forms a local landmark. It has been listed at Grade II by English Heritage in view of its architectural importance.
 William Francis Callahan (June 12 1891 – April 20 1964) was a Massachusetts civil servant who served as Commissioner of Public Works from and Chairman of the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority from 1952 until his death in 1964. Callahan developed the Master Highway Plan for Metropolitan Boston which included the Southwest Corridor project. The Callahan Tunnel is named after his son who was killed in action during the Second World War. He died on April 20 1964 in Massachusetts.
 Alfred Milner 1st Viscount Milner KG GCB GCMG PC (23 March 1854 – 13 May 1925) was a British statesman and colonial administrator who played an influential leadership role in the formulation of foreign and domestic policy between the mid-1890s and early 1920s.
 The Scorpion or Al-'Aqrab is a Yemeni novel by Zayd Mutee' Dammaj. It was first published in 1982.
 Amos Gabriel Makalla (born 16 September 1971) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Mvomero constituency since 2010. He is the current Deputy Minister of Water and Irrigation.
 Men of Men is a novel by Wilbur Smith. It is set during the settlement of Rhodesia and the First Matabele War and climaxes with the Shangani Patrol.
 The Scaduza River is a tributary of the Cârpeștii Mici River in Romania.
 Köprübaşı is a village in the District of Mengen Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 333 people.
 Valme is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Cirsti Manor (Latvian: Cirstu muižas pils) is a two-storey manor house built in 1886 in Neo-Gothic red brick style in the historical region of Vidzeme northern Latvia. Unusual to Neo-Gothic structures in Latvia the hexagonal three-storey manor tower is detached from the main building.
 Farrash Kola-ye Sofla (Persian: فراشكلاسفلي‎ also Romanized as Farrāsh Kolā-ye Soflá; also known as Farrāsh Kolā and Farrāsh Kolā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Kalej Rural District in the Central District of Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 73 families.
 Pascoal Ranieri Mazzilli (Portuguese pronunciation: [pasˈkwaw ʁaniˈɛri maˈzili]; Caconde April 27 1910 – April 21 1975) was a Brazilian politician who was appointed as caretaker President of Brazil for two short terms in 1961 and 1964. Mazzilli's father was Domingos Mazzilli (born Domenico Mazzilli) an Italian from Montemurro Basilicata who immigrated to Brazil in 1892 at the age of 15. His mother Angela Liuzzi was also from Montemurro and emigrated to Brazil in 1889 at the age of 2.
 Geçit is a village in the District of Gercüş Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 148 people.
 Ninja Assassin is a 2009 American-German martial arts film directed by James McTeigue. The story was written by Matthew Sand with a screenplay penned by J. Michael Straczynski of Babylon 5. The film stars South Korean pop musician Rain as a disillusioned assassin looking for retribution against his former mentor played by ninja film legend Sho Kosugi. Ninja Assassin explores political corruption child endangerment and the impact of violence.
 Woman is an album by Burt Bacharach in collaboration with the Houston Symphony Orchestra that was released in 1979 on A&M Records. It is a recording of a live four hour recording session that took place on November 2 1978 at Jones Hall in Houston Texas. The project was originally conceived by Bacharach and Michael Woolcock. Guest vocalists included Carly Simon on the song I Live In The Woods Libby Titus on the song Riverboat and Sally Stevens on the song There Is Time.
 Sally the Witch (魔法使いサリー Mahōtsukai Sarī) is the first magical girl genre anime in Japan. This may (even more broadly) be the first shōjo anime as well. The first magical girl manga was Himitsu no Akko-chan but it took longer to be adapted into an anime. Both series deal with henshin style transformations (such as Sailor Moon) but neither is the first anime to feature this. Another henshin magical girl anime that aired between the two anime was Princess Knight.
 Vintage Faire Mall is a shopping mall located in Modesto California USA. It is owned and operated by The Macerich Company and is adjacent to State Route 99.
 For the film see Saturday Night and Sunday Morning (film)Saturday Night and Sunday Morning is the first novel by British author Alan Sillitoe and won the Author's Club First Novel Award.It was adapted by Sillitoe into a 1960 film starring Albert Finney directed by Karel Reisz and in 1964 was adapted by David Brett as a play for the Nottingham Playhouse with Ian McKellen playing one of his first leading roles.[1].
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 43 families.
 Wilhelm Marx (January 15 1863 – August 5 1946) was a German lawyer Catholic politician and a member of the Centre Party. He was Chancellor of the German Reich twice from 1923 to 1925 and again from 1926 to 1928 and also served briefly as minister president of Prussia in 1925 during the Weimar Republic. He was the only Chancellor to serve two terms during the Weimar Republic.
 The Jurby Transport Museum (Manx: Thie Tashtee Arraghey Yurby) is a transport museum in Jurby on the Isle of Man. It is the largest transport museum on the island. The museum is based in a former aircraft hangar.The museum is operated by a group of volunteers who are members of the Manx Transport Trust.
 Latin Quarter is a 1945 British thriller directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Derrick De Marney Joan Greenwood and Beresford Egan. The film is an adaptation of the play L'Angoisse by Pierre Mills and C. Vylars. It was Sewell's second film version of the story following The Medium in 1934. It was made by British National Films at Elstree Studios.
 Keka is a 2008 love movie produced and directed by Teja. It's a routine love story with a kolkata backdrop. Veteran lyricist Sirivennela Sitaramasastri's younger son Raja made debut as a hero in this movie. Arjun (Raja) is a student and he meets a young beauty Sujata (Ishana) in a village. Both of them hail from Hyderabad but they come to this village on holidays where their grand parents reside.
 Brookula proseila is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Łabiszewo [wabiˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Labüssow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Dębnica Kaszubska 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Słupsk and 88 km (55 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 260.
 Live at the BBC is a compilation live album of the British progressive rock band Curved Air from sessions on: November 10 1970 (tracks 1-3) January 5 1971 (tracks 4-5) March 9 1971 (tracks 6-8) January 29 1976 (tracks 9-13)The album's liner notes give conflicting dates for the sessions.
 Parataeniophorus is a genus of flabby whalefishes that was formerly included in the no longer recognized tapetail family Mirapinnidae.
 Christmas... From the Realms of Glory is the first holiday album by Christian Contemporary-Folk-Pop-Rock musician Bebo Norman. The album is the first with BEC Recordings and his ninth album overall including his first independent release. This album was released on October 7 2007 and the producers are Jason Ingram Bebo Norman and Rusty Varenkamp.
 Stuck on You is a 2003 comedy film directed by the Farrelly brothers and starring Matt Damon and Greg Kinnear as conjoined twins whose conflicting aspirations provide both conflict and humorous situations in particular when one of them wishes to move to Hollywood California to pursue a career as an actor.
 Let's Start a War or Let's Start a War... (Said Maggie One Day) is the third album by the punk band The Exploited released in 1983 through Pax Records. The title refers to Margaret Thatcher's decision to go to war over the Falkland Islands in 1982 suggesting that she did so almost on a whim. The controversial war was fodder for many protest songs in the punk movement. It was reissued on Captain Oi! Records in 1998 which featured three tracks from their Rival Leaders EP.
 Tumult is the third album by Dutch punk rock band The Ex originally released in 1983.
 Farrandsville Iron Furnace also known as Lycoming Coal Co. is a historic iron furnace located at Colebrook Township in Clinton County Pennsylvania about 6 miles northwest of Lock Haven. It was built between 1836 and 1837 and measures 43 feet square by 54 feet high. It is a rare example of an early attempt to adopt coke as a blast furnace fuel.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Every Time We Say Goodbye is a 1986 film starring Tom Hanks and Cristina Marsillach.
 Picaresque is the third studio album from The Decemberists. It was released in 2005 on the Kill Rock Stars record label.
 Metriotes jaeckhi is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France Portugal and Spain.
 Miles from India: A Celebration of the Music of Miles Davis is a compilation album by various artists released in April 2008 through Times Square Records. The album reached a peak position of number six on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart.
 Saint Louis Roman Catholic Church is located at 35 Edward Street Buffalo New York. The Church holds the title of Mother Church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo. The Gothic-styled church is located on the site of the first Roman Catholic church ever built in Buffalo. The church is laid out in a Latin-cross floor plan and features a 245 ft octagonal Medina sandstone steeple with a Seth Thomas clock.
 Mehamn Chapel (Norwegian: Mehamn kapell) is a chapel in Gamvik Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Mehamn. The chapel is part of the Gamvik parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The concrete chapel was built in 1965 and it seats about 200 people.
 Giani Gurmukh Singh Musafir (15 January 1899 – 18 January 1976) was an Indian politician and Punjabi writer. He was the Chief Minister of Punjab from November 1 1966 to March 8 1967.He was awarded the Sahitya Akademi Award in Punjabi given by Sahitya Akademi India's National Academy of Letters in 1978 for his short story collection Urvar Par and was posthumously decorated with Padma Vibhushan the second highest Indian civilian award given by Government of India.
 City Hall originally known as Boy's High School is a historic city hall located at Reading Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1904 as the high school for boys and converted to use as a city hall in 1928. It is a three-story with basement granite and gray brick building in the Beaux Arts style. It features terra cotta decorative elements and measures 210 feet by 201 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Conan the Indomitable is a fantasy novel written by Steve Perry featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in October 1989; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in September 1990.
 Molokai Light also known as U.S. Coast Guard Molokai Light is a lighthouse in Kalawao County Hawaii on the island of Molokai. It was built in 1909 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Spencer-Shippee-Lillbridge House also known as the Crossways Farm and Walnut Brook Farm is a historic farmstead at 12 Middle Road in East Greenwich Rhode Island. The main house is a 2 1/2 story timber frame structure five bays wide and three bays deep whose construction date is traditionally given as 1772. There is however architectural evidence that it may be older (c. 1750).
 Foxy Lady is a 1971 film directed by Ivan Reitman. It was the director's debut feature film and was also the first film appearance of Eugene Levy.
 The Hon. Samantha Jane Sacramento is a lawyer and MP from Gibraltar and a member of the Gibraltar Socialist Labour Party (GSLP). Before her return to The Rock she formed part of the legal team of the Commission for Racial Equality in Cardiff. In December 2011 she was appointed Minister for Equality and Social Services by the Chief Minister Fabian Picardo.
 Satower See is a lake in the Rostock district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 30.1 m its surface area is 0.068 km².
 Chlorolestes tessellatus the Forest Malachite or Mosaic Sylph is a species of damselfly in family Synlestidae. It is endemic to South Africa. This shade-loving species is found at seeps and streams in forests and wooded valleys. It is 47-57 mm long with a wingspan of 55-72 mm. Males and females are similar; the thorax and abdomen are metallic-green aging to coppery brown. The thorax has contrasting yellow antehumeral stripes; these are more broad than those of the similar Mountain Malachite.
 The Church of St. Anthony of Padua is a Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 155 Sullivan Street near the corner of West Houston Street in the South Village section of the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was established in 1859 as an offshoot of the Church of St.
 Berd (Russian: Бердь) is a river in Russia right arm of the Ob River.Flows from the western slopes of the Salair ridge makes 30 km in Altai Krai territory and the rest in Novosibirsk Oblast. Flows into the Novosibirsk water reservoir which submerged 40 km of the original Berd` river after construction.Length - 363 km (416 originally) water basin — 8740 km2..Annual water expenditure - 458 cubic meters per second.
 Paul Rosenthal is an American community activist teacher and politician who was elected on November 6 2012 to serve in the Colorado House of Representatives for House District 9. He overcame Republican challenger Celeste Gamache.Rosenthal is openly gay. Upon taking office he will sit alongside other openly LGBT politicians including incoming House Speaker Mark Ferrandino (D - HD 2) Reps.
 The Mampuram Mosque is a famous mosque located in Tirurangadi in the Malappuram District of Kerala south India. Historically related to the Mappila Lahala of 1921 against the British Government.
 Carlos Enrique Meyer (born in 1953) is an Argentine businessman and public official who was appointed as the nation's Minister of Tourism upon the post's establishment on July 1 2010.
 The Queen of Spades (Russian: Пиковая дама translit. Pikovaya dama) is a 1982 film adaptation of the Aleksandr Pushkin short story of the same name. Film is verbatim (including epigraphs) screening of Pushkin's story.
 The North and the South; or Slavery and Its Contrasts is an 1852 plantation fiction novel by Caroline Rush and among the first examples of the genre alongside others such as Aunt Phillis's Cabin by Mary Henderson Eastman and Life at the South; or Uncle Tom's Cabin As It Is by W.L.G. Smith both of which were also released in 1852.
 Battle for the Park is the seventh (and in linear terms the final) book of The Animals of Farthing Wood series. It was first published in 1992 and has since been included with The Siege of White Deer Park and In the Path of the Storm in the Second Omnibus edition (Hutchinson 1995).
 The church of San Ranierino (or Saints Ranieri and Leonardo) is a church located in central Pisa Italy near piazza del Duomo.The present building was constructed on this site in the second half of the 19th century. The original church of this name stood adjacent to the hospital facing Piazza dei Miracoli.
 Da Capo (〜ダ・カーポ〜 Da Kāpo commonly abbreviated as D.C.) is an adult Japanese visual novel developed by Circus which was released as a limited edition on June 28 2002 playable on the PC as a CD-ROM; a DVD-ROM version followed on July 26 2002. An English release was scheduled for December 25 2008 and the game was available for a brief time on that date but the title was pulled until January 20 2009.
 Gush Laghar (Persian: گوش لاغر‎ also Romanized as Gūsh Lāghar; also known as Qūsh) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1376 in 313 families.
 The Persistence of Memory is a novel by Tony Eprile. It was published in 2004 by W. W. Norton & Company. The story portrays 1960s and 1970s South Africa through the experiences of Paul Sweetbread a young Jewish South African with a photographic memory. The novel follows Paul from his experiences in school through his service in the South African Defence Force during the wars in Namibia and Angola to his participation in the Truth and Reconciliation Commission.
 The Ghicin River is a tributary of the Ciclova River in Romania.
 Early in the 19th century the Leiper Canal ran about 3 miles (5 km) along Crum Creek in Delaware County Pennsylvania. George Leiper who financed the canal used it between 1829 and 1852 to haul stone in flat-bottomed boats from his quarry near Springfield to the navigable Delaware River at Eddystone. The system which had three locks replaced an industrial tramway.
 Wólka [ˈvulka] (Ukrainian: Вілька Vil’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Harasiuki within Nisko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Harasiuki 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Nisko and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Platystoma is a genus of flies (Diptera) belonging to the family Platystomatidae.
 Jackson County Jail is an American exploitation action thriller film from 1976 directed by Michael Miller starring Tommy Lee Jones Yvette Mimieux and Lisa Copeland.
 Princes Road Synagogue located in Toxteth Liverpool in England is the home of the Liverpool Old Hebrew Congregation. It was founded in the late 1860s designed by William James Audsley and George Ashdown Audsley and consecrated on September 2 1874. It is widely regarded as the finest example of the Moorish Revival style of synagogue architecture in Great Britain. Synagogues emulating its design are to be found as far afield as Sydney Australia.
 Traction is the first album by New Zealand rock band Supergroove. It was released in 1994 by RCA Records debuting at #1 on the National Album Charts and quickly reaching platinum status. Before the band could record their second album creative differences forced member Che Ness to leave to pursue a solo career. To date the album has achieved the requirements for platinum status five times over.
 Henry Haley Schriver (October 13 1914 – March 27 2011) was a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 The Stellako River is a 11.3 km (7.0 mi) long river in the Nechako Plateau region of the Canadian province of British Columbia. It flows from François Lake to Fraser Lake which joins the Nechako River via the short Nautley River. The Nechako is a tributary of the Fraser River.
 Profanación (Desecration) is a 1933 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Sinocorophium is a genus of amphipod crustaceans comprising the following species:Sinocorophium alienense (Chapman 1988)Sinocorophium heteroceratum Yu 1938)Sinocorophium homoceratum (Yu 1938)Sinocorophium intermedium (Ngoc 1965)Sinocorophium japonicum (Hirayama 1984)Sinocorophium lamellatum (Hirayama 1984)Sinocorophium minutum (Ngoc 1965)Sinocorophium monospinum (Shen 1955)Sinocorophium sinensis (Zhang 1974)Sinocorophium triangulopedarum (Hirayama 1986)↑
 My Memories of Old Beijing (Chengnan Jiushi 城南舊事) is an autobiographical novel by Lin Haiyin first published in 1960.
 Surya is a 2008 Tamil film which was planned for release in December 2008. Vijaya Chiranjeevi and Keerthi Chawla are in the lead roles. Movie directed by Jaguar Thangam.
 Figueroa Mountain is a summit in Santa Barbara County in the U.S. state of California. It is in the San Rafael Mountains part of the Transverse Ranges group of ranges. The mountain is located in Los Padres National Forest.Figueroa Mountain was named for a member of the well-known southern California family the most eminent of whom was José Figueroa governor of Alta California in 1833-35.
 The Dawn Rider is a 1935 Western film starring John Wayne.John Mason chases after his father's killer an outlaw who remains elusive until he is tricked into revealing himself with a decoy gold shipment. To complicate matters the killer is the brother of Alice the woman with whom Mason has fallen in love. Alice begs Mason not seek vengeance but a showdown is inevitable. A remake of this film in 2012 cast Christian Slater in the role of John Mason.
 The Cave of the Silken Web (Chinese: 盤絲洞) is a 1967 film directed by Ho Meng Hua and produced by Shaw Brothers Studio in Hong Kong. The film is based on an episode of the novel Journey to the West.The film is the third of a series of four films based on Journey To The West. The others are Monkey Goes West (1966) Princess Iron Fan (1966) and The Land of Many Perfumes (1968).
 New African is an English-language monthly news magazine based in London. Published since 1966 it is read by many people across the African continent and the African diaspora. It claims to be the oldest pan-African monthly in English as well as the bestselling pan-African magazine. It is published by IC Publications which also publishes African Banker New African Woman and African Business (ISSN 0141-3929).
 Flip Your Wig is the fourth album by the American punk rock band Hüsker Dü. It was the band's first self-produced album and its last release on SST Records. Bob Mould has stated that he views Flip Your Wig as the best album Hüsker Dü ever did. The band spent more time on the recording process than on their previous albums and upon release it became the best-selling record on SST up to that point.
 Drive to the East is the second book in Harry Turtledove's Settling Accounts series of alternate history novels. It is set in an analog of World War II in North America fought between the United States and Confederate States. It was released in August 2005. It follows Return Engagement and precedes The Grapple in the tetralogy. It takes the Southern Victory Series Earth from 1942 to 1943.
 Donald M. Berwick (born 1946) is a former Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). Prior to his work in the administration he was President and Chief Executive Officer of the Institute for Healthcare Improvement a not-for-profit organization helping to lead the improvement of health care throughout the world. On July 7 2010 Barack Obama appointed Berwick to serve as the Administrator of CMS through a recess appointment.
 PaRappa the Rapper is the original soundtrack to the PlayStation videogame of the same name. The music featured was composed by Masaya Matsuura.
 No Sick Days is the upcoming 9th studio album by rapper Lil Wyte. It is the second album released by him in 2014.
 The Musée Fragonard d'Alfort often simply the Musée Fragonard is a museum of anatomical oddities located within the École Nationale Vétérinaire de Maisons-Alfort 7 avenue du Général de Gaulle in Maisons-Alfort a suburb of Paris. It is open several days per week in the cooler months; an admission fee is charged.The École Nationale Vétérinaire de Maisons-Alfort is one of the world's oldest veterinary schools and the museum created in 1766 with the school is among France's oldest.
 Saptamukhi River (Bengali: সপ্তমুখি নদী) is a tidal estuarine river in and around the Sundarbans in South 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal.The Saptamukhi originates near Sultanpur and flows between Kulpi and Mathurapur blocks. It has a connection with the Muri Ganga River and Deogra Khal. It falls to the Bay of Bengal with a wide mouth after traversing about 80 kilometres (50 mi).
 The Club Mixes 2000 is a remix album by Frankie Goes To Hollywood. It was released in 2000 by Repertoire Records of Germany.The album's tracklisting is made up almost exclusively of new remixes commissioned by ZTT in 2000 for the Maximum Joy hits compilation campaign.
 The Secuianca River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
 Plunge Into Darkness is a 1978 Australian TV movie about a couple on a holiday in the country who have a terrorising experience.
 Palamutçuk is a village in the District of Karacasu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 590 people.
 Ruff Love (シバといっしょ。 Shibato Issho.) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Tamaki Kirishima. The manga was serialized in Nihonbungeisha's manga magazine Nichibun Comics. Nihonbungeisha released the manga's tankōbon volume on December 28 2006. It is licensed in North America by Aurora Publishing which released the manga through its yaoi imprint Deux Press on August 8 2008.
 Aeneas Chigwedere (About this sound pronunciation ) (born 25 November 1939) is a Zimbabwean politician historian educationist and traditional leader. He served as the Minister of Education Sports & Culture since August 2001 and was appointed as the Resident Minister and Governor of Mashonaland East Province in August 2008. He was installed as Headman Svosve Mubayiwa the 10th in March 2008.
 Brody [ˈbrɔdɨ] (Lower Sorbian: Brody[citation needed] German: Pförten) is a village in Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Brody. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) north-west of Żary and 53 km (33 mi) west of Zielona Góra.
 Chhiwang is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4252 people living in 805 individual households.
 Vance Criswell McCormick (June 19 1872 – June 16 1946) was an American politician and prominent businessman from Harrisburg Pennsylvania. He served as mayor of Harrisburg from 1902 to 1905 and as United States Democratic National Committee chairman from 1916 to 1919. He was appointed chair of the American delegation at the Treaty of Versailles in 1919 under President Woodrow Wilson.
 Namdun (Persian: نمدون‎ also Romanized as Namdūn) is a village in Kenevist Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 5 families.
 ATLA: All This Life Allows Vol. 1 is the second studio album by American rapper Stat Quo. The album was released on February 25 2014 under his independent label ATLA Music. It was preceded by Stat Quo's first studio album Statlanta (2010). The album's production was handled by DeUno Amir Perry A.O. Steve Esterfern Ty Cutta Bink LT Moe Tone Mason and Dr. Dre. It also features guest appearances from Stoney Brown Sha Sha Dre (of Cool & Dre) Scarface and Devin the Dude.
 Ragamuffin is the second novel by Caribbean science fiction writer Tobias S. Buckell. It is the sequel to his first novel Crystal Rain.Buckell labeled Ragamuffin a Caribbean space opera with his previous novel being called Caribbean steampunk. It is followed by his third novel Sly Mongoose.Ragamuffin was nominated for the 2007 Nebula award for best novel and was a finalist for the 2008 Prometheus Award.
 Shah Neshin (Persian: شاه نشين‎ also Romanized as Shāh Neshīn; also known as Shahneshin) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 5 families.
 The Long Loud Silence is a science fiction novel written by Wilson A. Tucker. It was first published in hardback edition by Rinehart & Co. in 1952 followed by Dell paperback editions in 1952 and 1954.The story takes place following a nuclear holocaust which wipes out every major city east of the Mississippi and leaves the survivors permanently infected with plague. To prevent the plague from spreading the army sets up a cordon sanitaire along the Mississippi.
 Silencer is a 2006 acoustic album by American singer-songwriter Blake Morgan. It features Morgan on vocals and piano performing acoustic versions of both new and older material dating back to 1996. A cover of No Surprises by Radiohead was also released as a digital bonus track.
 The Soča (pronounced [ˈsoːtʃa] in Slovene) or Isonzo (in Italian) (other names Friulian: Lusinç archaic German: Sontig Latin: Aesontius or Isontius) is a 138 km (86 mi) long river that flows through western Slovenia (96 kilometres or 60 miles) and northeastern Italy (43 kilometres or 27 miles). An Alpine river in character its source lies in the Trenta Valley in the Julian Alps in northwestern Slovenia at an elevation of 876 metres (2874 ft).
 The Gippsland Lakes are a network of lakes marshes and lagoons in east Gippsland Victoria Australia covering an area of about 354 square kilometres (137 sq mi). The largest of the lakes are Lake Wellington (Gunai language: Murla) Lake King and Lake Victoria. The lakes are collectively fed by the Avon Thomson Latrobe Mitchell Nicholson and Tambo rivers.
 The Cuban yellow bat (Lasiurus insularis) is a species of bat from the family Vespertilioninae. It was previously included as a subspecies of the Northern yellow bat a species that has a similar ecology and biology. The species is endemic to Cuba specifically the Las Villas Province in Cienfuegos and it is listed under the IUCN Red List as vulnerable due to its ongoing population reduction and relatively small geographic range.
 Stare Drzewce [ˈstarɛ ˈdʐɛft͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szlichtyngowa within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Szlichtyngowa 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Wschowa and 53 km (33 mi) east of Zielona Góra.
 Mowtowr-e Hay-e Behzadi Gavdari Heydarabad (Persian: موتورهاي بهزادي گودري حيدراباد‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Hāy-e Behzādī Gavdarī Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 12 families.
 The Little Seboeis River is a short stream in Maine Township 4 Range 7 WELS Penobscot County Maine. From its source (45°59′09″N 68°34′35″W) the river runs 5.5 miles (8.9 km) south and west to its confluence with the Seboeis River.
 Lespesia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 The River Trent is one of the major rivers of England. Its source is in Staffordshire on the southern edge of Biddulph Moor.
 Homecoming is Craig's Brother's first full length album released on May 19 1998 through Tooth & Nail Records.
 Trox sulcatus is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
 Spark to a Flame: The Very Best of Chris de Burgh is the third compilation album by Chris de Burgh released by A&M Records in 1989. The album was released largely to capitalise on the resurgence of de Burgh's career after the smash hit of The Lady In Red three years earlier. As a result most of the tracks are drawn from his 1980s albums The Getaway Man On The Line Into The Light and Flying Colours.
 Comin' At Ya! is the second album by the former Santana and Azteca band member Coke Escovedo. It was produced by Patrick Gleeson and released in 1976.
 Heitor TP is the first compact disc studio solo album by the Brazilian musician Heitor Pereira released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).
 Flame Vein is the first studio album by Bump of Chicken released on March 18 1999. One track Arue was later released as a limited print single. Another Little Braver was later released on the Lamp single as a B-side. It was re-released on April 28 2004 as Flame Vein +1 and included the song Battle Cry from B-side of the Lamp single.
 Kawaswati is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6551 people living in 1169 individual households.
 Cockroach is a dark comedy book by Canadian author Rawi Hage. It was released in 2008 published by W.W. Norton & Company. It is a teen/adult book for advanced literature.
 Richard C. Martinez is a Democratic member of the New Mexico Senate representing the 5th District since 2001.
 The Lady of the Shroud is a novella by Bram Stoker (the author of Dracula) written in 1909.Rupert Saint Leger inherits his uncle's estate worth more than one million pounds on condition that he live for a year in his uncle's castle in the Land of the Blue Mountains on the Dalmatian coast.
 The Stroiești River is a tributary of the Mogoşu River in Romania.
 Parkway Center Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Opened in 1981 the mall closed in 2013 after losing Kmart its last anchor store. The only remaining store in operation is a Giant Eagle supermarket.
 Sarıveli is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°56′N 34°43′E it is situated in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity). Çukurova Motorway (O-51) is to the north and Turkish state highway D.400 is to the south of the village. The distance to Tarsus is 20 kilometres (12 mi) and to Mersin is 45 kilometres (28 mi). The population of the village was 418 as of 2012. It is a typical Çukurova village. cotton and fresh vegetables being the main crops.
 The Lugomir (Serbian Cyrillic: Лугомир) is a river in central Serbia a 57 km-long right tributary to the Velika Morava river.
 James Ratliff is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives representing District 65 since January 2013. Ratliff served consecutively from January 2011 until January 14 2013 in the District 73 seat.
 Passion (熱情 Netsujyou) is a Japanese yaoi manga series written by Shinbou Gotoh and illustrated by Shoko Takaku. Originally published by Tokuma Shoten Publishing in Japan the series is licensed and published in English in North America by Digital Manga Publishing. The four-book series follows the romantic entanglements between Shima a male high school teacher and a male student at his school Hikaru Umino as well as Shima's ex-lover Amamiya who also teaches at Shima and Hikaru's school.
 The Kaiser Richmond Field Hospital was the first Kaiser Permanente Hospital and is a historic site resource of the city of Richmond California and a contributing property to Rosie the Riveter/World War II Home Front National Historical Park listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The hospital provided health services for surrounding communities until 1995 when it was replaced by the then state-of-the-art Richmond Medical Center in downtown Richmond.
 The Dâncu River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 Manuel Flores Carson Leon Guerrero (October 29 1914 – October 9 1985) was the Governor of Guam from 1963 to 1969.
 Allan Henry Spear (June 24 1937 – October 11 2008) was an American politician and educator from Minnesota who served almost thirty years in the Minnesota Senate including nearly a decade as President of the Senate.
 Tetrathemis polleni is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Angola the Republic of the Congo the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ghana Kenya Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Somalia South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe and possibly Burundi.
 Meeting in the Ladies Room is the fourth studio album by Klymaxx released in 1984 (see 1984 in music).Klymaxx gained airplay on MTV VH1 and BET with the release of their single The Men All Pause. The song reached #5 on the R&B chart #80 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #9 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart. The title track to the album would become another successful single. The song reached #59 on the Hot 100 and #4 on the R&B chart.
 The De Turk Round Barn in Santa Rosa California United States is a round barn that was built in 1891 by Santa Rosa Winery owner De Turk. It was used for his champion trotter horses until his death in 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.It is significant as one of very few round or polygonal barns surviving in Northern California.
 The Dubai Jewel Tower is a 43-floor tower in the Dubai Media City in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 190 m (623 ft).
 That's What is one of the more idiosyncratic releases by solo steel-string guitar artist Leo Kottke. It is distinctive in its jazzy nature and talking songs (Buzzby and Husbandry).
 Kuttiady (or Kuttiadi) is a town in the northern part of Kozhikode district in Kerala state India. It is 24 km from Vadakara. Kuttiadi acknowledged the supremacy of the Kottayam Raja whose fortified palace stands on a hill. During the Pazhassi rebellion Kuttiadi which commanded one of the chief passes to Wayanad was of great strategic importance. In 1957 the shafts of two golden swords supposed to have been used by Pazhassi Raja were unearthed.
 Perishable Fruit is singer-songwriter Patty Larkin's seventh album. Produced by Ben Wisch in 1997 and distributed by High Street Records it contained the following songs:
 Manuel Quintas de Almeida (1957 – 26 December 2006) was a lieutenant in the military of São Tomé and Príncipe.
 Apishapa River is a 139-mile-long (224 km) tributary of the Arkansas River that flows from a source near West Spanish Peak in southern Colorado. It joins the Arkansas east of Fowler Colorado.
 The Capannelle Pass is a mountain pass in Italy. It sits at an altitude of 1300 meters above sea level in the Province of L'Aquila in Italy's Abruzzo Region. It is located on the Italian State Highway 80 which passes near the Gran Sasso in the Apennines.This famous pass probably takes its name from the small pastoral huts (capannelle) which dot the landscape.
 Hyppa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Hypsopygia decoloralis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It is found in Australia.The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults have brown wings with a pale submarginal line.
 Life Behind Machines is the fifth full-length studio album from Allister a pop punk band from Chicago Illinois released in the U.S. on November 6 2012.
 A. Carville Foster Jr. (born October 21 1932) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 The Alajõgi is a river in Estonia. The river is 29 kilometers long. The river begins at Kõnnu pikkjärv near the village of Ongassaare.
 Gose Elbe is a river of Hamburg Germany.It was an anabranch of the Elbe but the inflow closed by a dike in 1390.
 Major Bummer is a humorous comic book produced by DC Comics in the late 1990s. It was created by writer John Arcudi and artist Doug Mahnke.
 Shahid Tuba Ebrahimi Residences (Persian: مجتمع مسكوني شهيد توباابراهيمي‎ – Mojtame`-ye Maskūnī-ye Shahīd Tūbā Ebrāhīmī) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 234 in 55 families.
 Moisés Omar Halleslevens Acevedo (born on 4 September 1949) is a former Sandinista National Liberation Front guerilla fighter and the current Vice President of Nicaragua.
 Stylaraea is a genus of marine stony corals in the family Poritidae. It is a monotypic genus and the only species is Stylaraea punctata. This coral is native to shallow tidal pools in tropical parts of the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 The Tulburea River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 Adolphe Marcoux (October 29 1884 – September 10 1951) was a physician and a nationalist politician in Quebec Canada.Born in Beauport Quebec Marcoux won a seat to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec as a Union Nationale candidate in the 1936 election in the district of Québec-Comté. In 1937 he and colleagues René Chaloult Oscar Drouin Joseph-Ernest Grégoire and Philippe Hamel left the Union Nationale. Marcoux did not run for re-election in the 1939 election.
 Crane Creek is a 3.3-mile-long (5.3 km) stream in Melbourne Florida United States. It is a tributary of the Indian River with its mouth in the vicinity of Front Street.
 Kailash Meghwal (born 22 March 1934) is a present Speaker of Rajasthan Legislative Assembly former union minister of state in Government of India and a national vice president of Bharatiya Janata Party. He represents MLA of Shahpura Bhilwara constituency of Rajasthan in 14th Rajasthan Legislative Assembly & Ex-MP Tonk constituency of Rajasthan in 14th Lok Sabha.
 Przełęcz Karkonoska (literally the Karkonosze Pass) is a mountain pass in the central Karkonosze Mountains on the Polish-Czech border. At 1198 m (3930 ft) it is the lowest point of the main ridge of the Karkonosze and despite lying on the Polish-Czech border Przełęcz Karkonoska the Polish name has no Czech equivalent. In the Czech Republic the area is usually referred to by the Špindlerova bouda (Špindler's Hut) a mountain hut located there.
 The Mexican stoneroller (Campostoma ornatum) is a small fish of the American Southwest and northern Mexico. It belongs to family Cyprinidae. There are three other species in this genus Campostoma anomalum (the central stoneroller) Campostoma oligolepis (the largescale stoneroller) and Campostoma pauciradii (the bluefin stoneroller) which are morphologically similar.
 The Living Stone is a 1958 Canadian short documentary film directed by John Feeney about Inuit art. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.The film is included in the 2011 Inuit film anthology Unikkausivut: Sharing Our Stories bringing together over 100 films by and about the Inuit people of Canada distributed on DVD to Inuit communities across the Canadian North and available online.
 Kerbdog was an Alternative rock band from Kilkenny Ireland who formed in 1991. Following two albums released on Mercury Records the band split up in 1998. Between 2005 and 2008 the band reformed for a series of one-off performances in Ireland and England with no further reformations planned.A tribute album entitled Pledge: A Tribute To Kerbdog was released on March 8 2010.
 Stamsund Church (Norwegian: Stamsund kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Stamsund. The church is part of the Stamsund parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white concrete church was built in 1937 and it seats about 500 people.
 The Phoenix (stylized as The Phœnix) was the name of several alternative weekly newspapers published in the United States by Phoenix Media/Communications Group of Boston Massachusetts including the Providence Phoenix the Portland Phoenix and the now-defunct Boston Phoenix and Worcester Phoenix.
 Men Behind the Sun (Chinese: 黑太阳731 / 黑太陽731; pinyin: hēi tài yáng 731 literally meaning Black Sun: 731) is a 1988 Hong Kong-Chinese historical war horror film directed by T.F. Mous.The film is a graphic depiction of the war atrocities committed by the Japanese at Unit 731 the secret biological weapons experimentation unit of the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II.
 Pat O'Neill (born 14 November 1958) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was elected to Seanad Éireann on the Agricultural Panel in April 2011. He was a member of Kilkenny County Council from 2004 to 2011 representing the Thomastown local electoral area. He is the Fine Gael Seanad spokesperson on Transport.
 Dragon Ball Z: Original USA Television Soundtrack is the first US domestic soundtrack from the anime Dragon Ball Z released in 1996.
 Irv Gotti Presents: The Remixes is the third and final compilation album released by Murder Inc. Records. Released on November 5 2002 the album consisted of both original songs and remixes to previously released songs released under the Murder Inc. label.The album reached a peak of number 24 on the Billboard 200 and number 5 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 The Macquarie River in Tasmania rises near Lake Leake flowing south and then north-west and through the town of Ross before flowing into the South Esk River near Longford. The Elizabeth Isis and Lake rivers are tributaries.
 Perfect Match (2002) is a novel by Jodi Picoult. It deals with family issues and crime primarily child sexual abuse and murder. It is one of Picoult's only novels not to follow her typical back-and-forth flashback format.
 Ferocious Female Freedom Fighters is a 1982 action-comedy film directed by Jopi Burnama and Charles Kaufman the brother of Lloyd Kaufman president of Troma Entertainment who distributed the film.In the tradition of Woody Allen's What's Up Tiger Lily? Ferocious Female Freedom Fighters was originally a straightforward Indonesian martial arts film that was unusually produced in the English language.
 Bag of Oats is an EP by the Australian folk punk band Mutiny. It was released in 2002 by Haul Away Records.
 Marvin's Room is a 1996 American drama film based on the play of the same name by Scott McPherson. The play which was directed by David Petrarca was adapted for the screen by McPherson and directed by Jerry Zaks. McPherson died of AIDS in 1992.It stars Meryl Streep Leonardo DiCaprio Diane Keaton Robert De Niro Hume Cronyn Gwen Verdon Hal Scardino and Dan Hedaya. Original music for the film was composed by Rachel Portman.
 The Blue Lake is one of only four cirque lakes found in mainland Australia the other three Cootapatamba Albina and Club are shallower than BL and are heldentirely by terminal moraines. Its valley contains the best-developed glacial features in the Kosciuszko National Park alpine area of New South Wales.
 Arganaceras (Argana horn) is an medium size pareiasaur from the Late Permian of Morocco. It was about 2 m in length and had a horn-like structure on its snout. It was closely related to the European genus Elginia.
 Velar is a small village surrounded by hills in the Pali district of Rajasthan in India. Its population is around 800. It is attached to the western railway. The nearest station is Nana (6 km).Velar has a history dating back to more than a thousand years and hosts many temples. The village is very old. It has existed for the last 1200 years. There is evidence that shows that it was in existence at the time of the ruler Prithiviraj Chouhan i.e. (1166-1192 AD).
 The Interesting Narrative of the Life of Olaudah Equiano Or Gustavus Vassa The African first published in 1789 is the autobiography of Olaudah Equiano. The book describes Equiano's time spent in slavery and documents his attempts at becoming an independent man through his study of the Bible and his eventual success in gaining his own freedom and in business thereafter.
 The Budele River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 Assault at Selonia is the second book in the The Corellian Trilogy which include Ambush at Corellia and Showdown at Centerpoint.
 Calidota divina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1889. It is found in Mexico.
 The Battle of Electricity is the second album by Athens-based Elephant 6 band The Gerbils
 The Saracen is a two-part novel written by Robert Shea. The two separate portions The Land of the Infidel and The Holy War are a continuous tale.Basically ignored during its publication - and out of print today although still enjoying strong reviews and a cult following by those who have read it - the novel is the portrayal of an English-born man named David who is captured as a very young child and sold into slavery to Baibars a Mamluk officer.
 Catophoenissa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Margaret (/mɑːɡəˈrɛt/) is a 2011 drama film written and directed by Kenneth Lonergan. The film stars Anna Paquin Matt Damon Mark Ruffalo Kieran Culkin Olivia Thirlby and Rosemarie DeWitt.
 Lake George is a small lake in Anoka County Minnesota. The lake is located within the city of Oak Grove 12 miles north of the city of Anoka. Minnesota's Department of Natural Resources tracks the lake by the name George and the identifier 02-0091-00.
 Kalla Kulla (Kannada: ಕಳ್ಳ ಕುಳ್ಳ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada comedy drama film directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by Shastry Associates. The story is written by M. D. Sundar. The film features Vishnuvardhan Dwarakish Bhavani and Jayalakshmi in the lead roles. The film was widely appreciated for its songs and story upon release. The songs tuned by Rajan-Nagendra were huge hits.
 Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād; also known as Aḩmadābād-e Qeyţās and Aḩmadābād-e Qeytās) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 612 in 124 families.
 Phyllonemus filinemus is a species of claroteid catfish endemic to Lake Tanganyika on the border of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Tanzania Burundi and Zambia. It grows to a length of 8.7 cm (3.4 inches) TL.
 The Yellow-shouldered Blackbird (Agelaius xanthomus) also known as La Mariquita de Puerto Rico or Capitán is a diurnal blackbird endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico and one of the species belonging to the Agelaius genus of the Icteridae family.
 Curwood Castle is a small castle now a museum located in Owosso Michigan. Built in 1922 and completed in 1923 the castle was the dream of author James Oliver Curwood who used one of the turrets as a writing studio.Jim Curwood was born in Owosso in 1878. He built this replica of a Norman chateau along the banks of the Shiawassee River near his home in Owosso. The exterior is made of yellow stucco containing fieldstones he chose himself. The roof is slate with copper trim.
 Sukhdev Singh Dhindsa (born 9 April 1936 in Punjab) is a member of the Rajya Sabha the upper house of the Parliament of India. Previously he was a member of 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Sangrur constituency of Punjab and is a member of the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) political party.He was union minister of sports and chemicals and fertilsers in Third Vajpayee Ministry from 2000 to 2004.
 Rudna-Leśna [ˈrudna ˈlɛɕna] is a village and housing estate in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Magnificent Obsession is a 1935 drama film based on the novel of the same name by Lloyd C. Douglas. The film was adapted by Sarah Y. Mason Victor Heerman and George O'Neil directed by John M. Stahl and stars Irene Dunne Robert Taylor Charles Butterworth and Betty Furness.
 Eagle Pass (el. 550 m./1804 ft.) is a mountain pass through the Gold Range of the Monashee Mountains in British Columbia Canada. It divides the Columbia River drainage basin from that of the Fraser River (via the Shuswap Lakes and the Thompson River).Eagle Pass was chosen as the route of the Canadian Pacific Railway and later the Trans-Canada Highway over the Monashees; westbound traffic is continually downhill from here to the Pacific coast.
 Amber Headlights is an album by Greg Dulli. In 2001 Dulli started to work on the follow-up to The Twilight Singers' debut album Twilight as Played by The Twilight Singers. However the death of his close friend Ted Demme in January 2002 led him to decide to start a new project in tribute to Demme that would eventually become Blackberry Belle. The song Get the Wheel became Follow You Down on Blackberry Belle.
 Paul Miller (born February 7 1951) is a politician in Hamilton Ontario and Member of Provincial Parliament representing the provincial constituency of Hamilton East—Stoney Creek in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. Miller belongs to the Ontario New Democratic Party. Currently in opposition Miller serves in the party's shadow cabinet as critic for several portfolios including Economic Development & Trade and Pensions.
 Ingredients: The Local Food Movement Takes Root is a 2009 documentary film about the shortcomings of America's industrialized food system against a rising local food movement whose proponents are shrinking the gap between farmland and dinner table.
 The Punta Marguareis (It) or Pointe Marguareis (Fr) is a mountain in the Ligurian Alps on the boundary between Italy and France; It is the highest peak of the Ligurian Alps.
 Fitzpatrick's War is a work of post-apocalyptic fiction by Theodore Judson. It was first published by Daw Books in 2004.
 Dasysyrphus venustus is a Europen species of hoverfly.
 The British Journal of Nutrition is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on animal and human nutrition. It was established in 1947 and is published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of The Nutrition Society. The editor-in-chief is G.C. Burdge (University of Southampton). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.302.
 The Kanhar River (Hindi: कनहार नदी) is a tributary of the Son River and flows through the Indian states of Chhattisgarh Jharkhand and Uttar Pradesh.
 And God Said to Cain (Italian: E Dio disse a Caino German: Satan der Rache) is a 1970 Italian Western film directed by Antonio Margheriti and starring Klaus Kinski.
 Lioplax is a genus of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae.
 Andover is a village located in the Town of Andover in Allegany County New York United States. The population was 1042 at the 2010 census. The name is derived from Andover Vermont.The Village of Andover is centrally located in the town and near the east county line.
 This Is Boston Not L.A. is a hardcore punk compilation album released in 1982. It is considered the definitive album from the Boston hardcore scene as several of the bands that were prominent in that scene appear on the album. On the cover is Gang Green playing at Streets nightclub in Boston. The bands performing included The Groinoids Decadence The Proletariat The Freeze The F.U.'s Jerry's Kids and Gang Green.
 Clarence K. Nishihara is a Democratic member of the Hawaii Senate representing the state's 18th district since his appointment in 2004.
 Eynelli is a village in Çamardı district of Niğde Province Turkey. It is situated in northern slopes of the Toros Mountains. The population of the village is 1017 as of 2011. The village is at the north of Çamardı.
 Existere - Journal of Arts & Literature is a Canadian magazine that publishes twice a year at York University's Vanier College in Toronto Ontario Canada. The magazine publishes literary work poetry short stories articles book reviews essays interviews art photography and more from contributors around the world.
 Doctor Who: Original Television Soundtrack – Series 4: The Specials is a 2-Disc release from Silva Screen Records featuring music from the 2008-2010 specials of Doctor Who. It was released on 4 October 2010 in the United Kingdom. When purchased from the iTunes Store it also includes a digital booklet and two bonus tracks.
 Stochastic Resonance: From Suprathreshold Stochastic Resonance to Stochastic Signal Quantization is a science text with a foreword by Sergey M. Bezrukov and Bart Kosko which notably explores the relationships between stochastic resonance suprathreshold stochastic resonance stochastic quantization and computational neuroscience.
 Bayfield (officially known as the Village of Bayfield) is a small community located within the town of Bluewater Ontario Canada. It is situated on the eastern shore of Lake Huron at the mouth of Bayfield River.
 Wołcza is a river of Poland a tributary of the Świniec.
 The Fall is the first book in Garth Nix's The Seventh Tower series published in 2000 by Scholastic. It tells the story of Tal a boy who lives in a world with eternal darkness. His home is a Castle with seven towers.The cover design and art are by Madalina Stefan and Steve Rawlings respectively.
 Mesalina is a genus of wall lizards of the family Lacertidae. It has fourteen described species.
 Mutiny is a 1952 American film directed by Edward Dmytryk. It was produced by the King Brothers Productions and based on a story by Hollister Noble; the two parties also collaborating on Drums in the Deep South.
 Murder at the Vicarage is a 1949 play by Moie Charles and Barbara Toy based on the 1930 novel of the same name by Agatha Christie. Christie's official biography suggests that the play was written by Christie with changes then made by Charles and Toy presumably enough for them to claim the credit.
 Houston Center is a retail and office complex in Downtown Houston Texas United States. It is owned and operated by subsidiaries of Crescent Real Estate Equities Co. (NYSE: CEI).The three towers in Houston Center have almost 3400000 square feet (320000 m2) of Class A office space.
 Love Is the Only Answer (Chinese: 人約離婚後) is a 2011 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Patrick Kong.
 House of Fools (Russian: Дом дураков Dom durakov) is a 2002 Russian film by Andrei Konchalovsky about psychiatric patients and combatants during the First Chechen War.
 Piceoerpeton is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian containing species known from the latest Cretaceous (late Maastrichtian) Paleocene and Eocene of North America. It is one of the largest known salamanders and would have approached the cryptobranchid Andrias in size. However Piceoerpeton is unrelated to the Cryptobranchidae; instead it appears to be a member of the extinct family Scapherpetontidae.
 William Leslie MacVane Jr. M.D. (June 12 1915 – August 1 2010) was an American surgeon and politician. MacVane assisted in the first open heart surgery performed in Maine in 1959 and served as the mayor of Portland Maine for one term in 1971.
 LeftRightLeftRightLeft is a live album by British alternative rock band Coldplay released at 9:00 am GMT on 15 May 2009. The album was given away for free at all of the remaining concerts on the Viva la Vida Tour and was available as a free download on the band's official website. However the album was pulled from the band's website before the release of Live 2012.
 Cyme pyrrhauloides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Due once di piombo (internationally released as My Name Is Pecos also known as Il mio nome è Pecos) is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Maurizio Lucidi.The film rapresents the first successful chapter in the Pecos film series starred by Robert Woods. It was followed by Pecos Cleans Up.
 James Turner Morehead (May 24 1797 – December 28 1854) was a United States Senator and the 12th Governor of Kentucky. He was the first native-born Kentuckian to hold the governorship of the state.
 Lake Isabel is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Lake Isabel is northeast of Battlement Mountain and northwest of Vigil Peak. Located in a remote region of Glacier National Park Lake Isabel is a 30 miles (48 km) roundtrip hike from Two Medicine Lake.
 Will Duckworth (born 20 January 1954) is a Green Party of England and Wales politician and the party's current deputy leader. He has been the first Green Party councillor in the Black Country after he was elected to Metropolitan Borough of Dudley in 2012. He was elected as the party's second ever deputy leader on 3 September 2012 taking over from Adrian Ramsay.He is also the West Midlands regional Green Party first choice candidate on the list for the 2014 European Parliament election.
 St. Jude is the debut album by British indie rock band The Courteeners which was released on 7 April 2008. There is also a special edition album which includes a second disc of acoustic versions of songs which feature on the actual album. Though the album was received to average reviews from critics the album has become somewhat a cult success though many fans are more favorable to the versions of songs seen on Here Come the Young Men EP and various other demos.
 Bayt Umm al-Mays was a small Palestinian Arab village in the Jerusalem Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on October 21 1948 by the Har'el Brigade of Operation ha-Har. It was located 14 km west of Jerusalem.In 1945 the village had a population of 70.
 Osmancıklı (or Amasyalı) Koca Mehmed Nizamüddin Pasha (Turkish: Osmancıklı Danişmendoğlu Koca Mehmet Nizamüddin Paşa; died 1439) was an Ottoman statesman who served as grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire from 1429 to 1438.He settled in in Osmancık after his service as grand vizier and died there in 1439. He was the son of Imamzade Halil Pasha who also served as grand vizier.
 Forced Entry is a 2002 pornographic film written and directed by Lizzy Borden produced by Rob Zicari and released by Extreme Associates. The film is loosely based on the crimes of California serial killer Richard Ramirez.
 For other uses see William Dunlap (disambiguation).William Dunlap Simpson (October 27 1823 – December 26 1890) was the 78th Governor of South Carolina from February 26 1879 when the previous governor Wade Hampton resigned to take his seat in the U.S. Senate until 1880 when Simpson resigned to become Chief Justice of the South Carolina Supreme Court.
 Fantasy of Flight is an aviation-related attraction in Polk City Florida USA that takes visitors back to the pioneering days of early flight World War I World War II and beyond. The attraction opened in November 1995 and houses the world's largest private aircraft collection on display.
 The Canadian Journal of Physiology and Pharmacology (fr. Revue canadienne de physiologie et pharmacologie) is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by NRC Research Press (Ottawa Ontario Canada). It is in part a continuation of the Canadian Journal of Biochemistry and Physiology.[citation needed] While the vast majority of its papers are in English the Journal also publishes in French.
 Miasto bez imienia is a poetry collection by Czesław Miłosz. It was first published in 1969.
 Measle and the Dragodon is a children's novel written by Ian Ogilvy and illustrated by Chris Mould. It is the second book in the Measle Stubbs series. The novel was first published in 2004 by OUP in the UK and Harper Collins in the US. It was reissued by OUP in 2010 under the title The Funfair of Fear! The author describes the setting as a deserted theme park at night in the pouring rain.
 Chapel Hill Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic Cumberland Presbyterian church in Chapel Hill Tennessee.The church building on Main Street in Chapel Hill was built in 1866 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Władysławów [vwadɨˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Zgierz and 21 km (13 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Red-billed Partridge (Arborophila rubrirostris) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family. It is endemic to highland forests in Sumatra Indonesia. It is the only member of the genus Arborophila where the bill is completely red (others have either a yellow-tipped red bill or a black bill).
 The Amedee Mountains are a mountain range in Lassen County California.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Bolesławiec and 103 km (64 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Tang Ab (Persian: تنگ اب‎ also Romanized as Tang Āb) is a village in Juyom Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 303 in 60 families.
 Sweatsuit is a compilation album by American rapper Nelly released on May 16 2005. The album consists of tracks from his 2004 simultaneous release Sweat and Suit. The US edition of the compilation also includes four extra tracks including Fly Away from the soundtrack of the 2005 film The Longest Yard the single Grillz featuring rappers Paul Wall and Ali & Gipp The Notorious B.I.G.
 Nezavisimoye Voyennoye Obozreniye NVO (Russian: Независимое военное обозрение Independent Military Review) is a Russian weekly newspaper supplement to Nezavisimaya Gazeta dedicated to military posture military science activity of secret services military technology weapons military history of Russia as well as of other countries.The first issue of NVO was published on February 11 1995 the second in autumn of the same year.
 Sodom and Gomorrah — known in the USA as The Last Days of Sodom and Gomorrah — is a 1962 epic film which is loosely based on the Biblical tale of Sodom and Gomorrah. The film was a Franco-Italian-American co-production made by Pathé SGC and Titanus. It was directed by Robert Aldrich and produced by Maurizio Lodi-Fe Goffredo Lombardo and Joseph E. Levine. The screenplay was by Giorgio Prosperi and Hugo Butler the cinematography by Alfio Contini Silvano Ippoliti Cyril J.
 Whistle is a 2003 Tamil slasher film Tamil film which is a remake of the English horror film Urban Legend. Although the film was an average grosser its music became very successful. The film was the debut of Vikramaditya Shukla in the lead role.
 Ab Tarikan-e Pain (Persian: آب تاريكان پايين‎ also Romanized as Āb Tārīkān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District Rudkhaneh District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 38 families.
 Billboard Radio Monitor was a weekly music trade publication that followed the radio industry and tracked the monitoring of current songs by format station and audience cumes. The magazine was a spinoff of Billboard magazine and was mostly available through subscription to people who work in the radio industry as well as music chart enthusiasts. It was developed in Columbia Maryland initially by Alan Smith and Jonas Cash principals of the music company called AIR.
 Mount Lincoln is a 5089-foot-high mountain within the Franconia Range of the White Mountains of New Hampshire. Lincoln is located between Little Haystack and Mount Lafayette. All three overlook Franconia Notch. The west side of Lincoln drains into the main stem of the Pemigewasset River.
 Laguna Rodeo is a lake in the Cochabamba Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 3485 m its surface area is 0.2 km². It is 19 km by road to the Lake Corani major tourist center and fishing.
 Kiss Psycho Circus is a comic book series published by Image Comics and Todd McFarlane Productions. It was written by Brian Holguin and illustrated by various artists including pencillers Angel Medina and Clayton Crain with inker Kevin Conrad. It portrays the members of the rock band Kiss as supernatural beings known as the Four-Who-Are-One or The Elder:the Demon (Gene Simmons) the Starbearer (Paul Stanley) the King of Beasts or Beastking (Peter Criss) and the Celestial (Ace Frehley).
 Aglossa aurocupralis is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by Ragonot in 1891 and is known from South Africa.
 Euphaedra irangi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Seven Songs For Quartet And Chamber Orchestra is an album by Gary Burton.
 Saara Kuugongelwa-Amadhila (born 12 October 1967) is a Namibian politician. A member of the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) Kuugongelwa has been a member of the National Assembly of Namibia since 1995 and Minister of Finance since 2003.
 Blues to the Bone is a 2004 album by Etta James. The album contains a selection of twelve blues standards which are among her favourites. James and her sons Donto and Sametto James produced the album which reached number four in the Billboard Top Blues chart.The album was given a Grammy Award in 2005 for Best Traditional Blues Album.
 Wilson Bay is a waterway in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in northwestern Hudson Bay west of Whale Bay and north of Mistake Bay. It has numerous shoals some of which are dry.
 Terka [ˈtɛrka] (Ukrainian: Терка Terka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solina within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Solina 21 km (13 mi) south of Lesko and 88 km (55 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 190.
 Growth Factors is an academic journal that publishes review articles from protein chemists molecular biologists physiologists cell biologists and clinicians working on the control of cell production and differentiation. It is published by Informa Healthcare.
 Teen now is a monthly magazine for teenage girls published by IPC Media. It is a spin-off from the entertainment magazine NOW. The editor is music journalist Marie-Claire Giddings who co-wrote the biography of the winner of the first series of Pop Idol Anything is Possible with its subject Will Young.
 Shame-Based Man released on April 11 1995 (see 1995 in music) was the first album by the comedian Bruce McCulloch. Produced and arranged by Bob Wiseman It has 20 tracks of McCulloch's comedic music.
 Popenaias popeii common name the Texas hornshell is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is found in Mexico and in Texas and New Mexico in the United States.
 Snowball (Italian: Palla di neve) is a 1995 Italian adventure-comedy film written and directed by Maurizio Nichetti.
 Human Target is an espionage-related comic series written by Peter Milligan and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics. The series was based on the Human Target character created in 1972 by Len Wein and Carmine Infantino. The original Vertigo miniseries yielded an original graphic novel and later an ongoing series.
 Back to the Moon (ISBN 0-440-23538-3) was Homer Hickam's first book-length fiction published in June 1999. It is an adult scientific thriller with insider information about NASA.
 Darlington Industrial Historic District is a national historic district located at Darlington Darlington County South Carolina. The district encompasses 12 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure in an industrial section of Darlington. They were built between about 1890 and 1925.
 The Darkling is a Fantasy novel by author David Kesterton. It was published by Arkham House in 1982 in an edition of 3126 copies. It was the author's first book.
 Obornjača (Serbian Cyrillic: Оборњача Hungarian: Völgypart) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ada municipality in the North Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority(93.31%) and its population numbering 389 people (2002 census).
 Halfway Up the Tree is a comedy play about a British general who pretends to be a hippie. It was originally a stage vehicle for Robert Morley.
 William Wildman Shute Barrington 2nd Viscount Barrington PC (5 January 1717 – 1 February 1793) was a British politician best known for his two periods as Secretary at War during Britain's involvement in the Seven Years War and American War of Independence.
 Outlook: Canada's Progressive Jewish Magazine is an independent secular Jewish periodical published six times a year and based in Vancouver British Columbia. Founded in 1962 as Canadian Jewish Outlook an English supplement to the Yiddish newspaper The Vochenblatt the publication has a socialist-humanist perspective; it receives support from the United Jewish Peoples Order though it is not formally affiliated with it.
 Ashibusa aculeata is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in China.
 Contact from the Underworld of Redboy is an album by Robbie Robertson that was released in 1998 by Capitol Records. The album is composed of music inspired by Native American music (including traditional Native American songs and chants) as well as modern rock trip-hop and electronica often integrated together and features many guest artists.
 Good Times is a studio album recorded by Finnish–German entrepreneur Kim Dotcom.
 Pontiac Moon is a 1994 adventure film directed by Peter Medak and produced by Robert Schaffel and Youssef Vahabzadeh.The film stars Ted Danson as Washington Bellamy a pigheaded science teacher in a small California town and Mary Steenburgen as his wife Katherine. Danson was also one of 3 executive producers of the film along with Jeffrey D. Brown (co-writer) and Robert Benedetti.
 Pseudoskenella depressa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Simon Joseph Lewis PSM is the Secretary of the Australian Government Department of Veterans Affairs and has been since 10 May 2013.
 Pentila maculata the Multi-spot Pentila is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Mall at Millenia (commonly called The Millenia Mall or Millenia) is an upscale contemporary indoor shopping mall located in Orlando Florida just off of Interstate 4 (exit 78) at Conroy Road near the northern end of International Drive. Opened in 2002 it has over 150 stores and is anchored by Macy's Bloomingdale's and Neiman Marcus. The GLA is 1118000 ft² (103866 m²).The Mall at Millenia advertises itself as an upscale premium shopping mall as evidenced by its anchors.
 Chaqa Seyf ol Din (Persian: چقاسيف الدين‎ also Romanized as Chaqā Seyf ol Dīn; also known as Chagha Seifoddin Chaqā Seyf od Dīn Chegā Seyf ed Dīn Chogā Seyf od dīn Choqā Seyf od Dīn Chūb-e Safīdān and Chūgheh Safīdain) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 854 in 221 families.
 Bucculatrix oncota is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in India.
 Sax Maniac is a 1982 album by New York jazz-punk band James White and The Blacks.
 The Platte River is a tributary of the Missouri River about 200 miles (320 km) long in southwestern Iowa and northwestern Missouri in the United States. It is sometimes known as the Little Platte River to distinguish it from the larger Platte River also a tributary of the Missouri in nearby Nebraska; the Platte River of Missouri itself has a tributary known as the Little Platte River.
 The Church of Our Lady of Guadalupe and St. Bernard is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 328-332 West 14th Street Chelsea Manhattan New York City New York. It was established in 2003 as a result of a parish merger of the Manhattan parishes of Our Lady of Guadalupe's Church (New York City) and St. Bernard's Church (New York City).
 Other Lives is the self-titled debut album by American indie rock band Other Lives which was released physically April 7 2009 by TBD Records and digitally released March 17 2009.
 AmericanEast is a 2008 American drama film about Arab-Americans living in Los Angeles after the September 11 attacks.
 The Andrew C. Vaughn House also known as the McCall House is a circa 1873 Italianate style house in Franklin Tennessee.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The members of Triatominae /traɪ.əˈtɒmɨniː/ a subfamily of Reduviidae are also known as conenose bugs kissing bugs assassin bugs or triatomines. Most of the 130 or more species of this subfamily are haematophagous i.e. feed on vertebrate blood; a very few species feed on other invertebrates (Sandoval et al. 2000 2004). They are mainly found and widespread in the Americas with a few species present in Asia Africa and Australia.
 Mickey's Big Broadcast is a 1933 short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Jesse Duffy the two-reel short was released to theaters on June 6 1933 by RKO Radio Pictures.
 Grit Guts and Gumption: Driving change in a state-owned giant is a book written by Rajesh Chakrabarti Professor of Finance at Indian School of Business Hyderabad. The book was published in November 2010 by Viking Press. The foreword of the book was written by Rajat Gupta former managing director of McKinsey & Company and co-founder of Indian School of Business.
 Pow! (Chinese: 四十一炮; pinyin: sìshíyī pào) is a 2012 novel by the Chinese author and Nobel laureate Mo Yan. The novel's protagonist is Luo Xiaotong a village boy with a passion for story-telling. It is set in a temple where Luo recounts the story of his life to an old monk.
 Call Me Irresponsible is the fifth studio album released by Grammy Award-winning Canadian singer Michael Bublé. The album was released on May 1 2007.
 The Hăpria River ( Hungarian: Herepe-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 King Kong Lives also known as King Kong II is a 1986 American monster film produced by DEG Studios. Directed by John Guillermin and featuring special effects by Carlo Rambaldi the film starred Linda Hamilton and Brian Kerwin. The film was a belated sequel to King Kong.
 Saphenista phenax is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Breivikbotn is the administrative centre of the municipality of Hasvik in Finnmark county Norway. It is an old trading post and fishing village that is located on the western end of the island of Sørøya. The village lies along Norwegian County Road 822 in the central part of the municipality.
 Spy Story is a 1974 spy novel by Len Deighton which features minor characters from his earlier novels The IPCRESS File Funeral in Berlin Horse Under Water and Billion Dollar Brain.In common with several of his other early novels the chapter headings have a feature. In Spy Story these take the form of excerpts from the fictional Studies Centre's rules.
 Dialectica praegemina is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.The larvae feed on Lobostemon glaucophyllus. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Leucosyrinx paragenota is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Pediobopsis is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Chutney Popcorn is a 1999 comedy-drama film starring directed and co-written by Nisha Ganatra. Ganatra plays a young lesbian Indian American woman called Reena. Jill Hennessy plays her girlfriend Lisa and Reena's mother and sister are played by real life mother and daughter Madhur Jaffrey and Sakina Jaffrey. The film explores the conflict between Reena's sexual and national identities as well as her mother Meenu's attempts to come to terms with the Western lives of both her daughters.
 Nine to the Universe is the posthumous tenth studio album of American guitarist Jimi Hendrix released in March and June 1980 in the United States and the United Kingdom respectively. It was the seventh Hendrix studio album released after his death and the third to be produced by Alan Douglas. The album contains five jam sessions edited by Douglas.
 Carriers of Dust is the second studio album by the one man symphonic black metal band Mirrorthrone.
 Risani (Persian: ريساني‎ also Romanized as Rīsanī) is a village in Bivanij Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 18 families.
 Shawnee is a village in Perry County Ohio United States. The population was 655 at the 2010 census.
 Shankarrao Bajirao Patil (Marathi: शंकरराव बाजीराव पाटील ) (February 15 1924 - September 13 2006) was an Indian politician who served as Member of Parliament between 1980–1984 and 1989-1991 from Baramati parliamentary constituency. He was also Member of Legislative Assembly during 1952-57 1957–62 1962–67 1967-72 1972-78 1978–80 in Maharashtra. He was Minister of State between 1962–74 and Cabinet Minister in Government of Maharashtra during 1974-78.
 Results May Vary is the fourth studio album by American rock band Limp Bizkit. Released in 2003 the album is the band's only release under the sole leadership of Fred Durst as guitarist Wes Borland had left the band in 2001. Following Borland's departure the band recorded with Snot guitarist Mike Smith but later had a falling out with Smith leading to much of the material recorded with Smith to be discarded. Despite negative reviews it peaked at No.
 Davies is a crater on Mars located at 46°N 0°E on the fringe of Acidalia Planitia near Arabia Terra. It is approximately 49 km in diameter.It was named in honor of Merton Davies (1917-2001) a pioneer in the cartography of planetary bodies. An employee of the Rand Corporation he assisted NASA in mapping Mars with colleagues Gérard de Vaucouleurs and Harold Masursky and defined the prime meridian of Mars as passing through the crater Airy-0.
 Gromadzyn-Wykno [ɡrɔˈmad͡zɨn ˈvɨknɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Kolno and 86 km (53 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 79.
 Power Of Three is a jazz album by Michel Petrucciani recorded live at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1986. It features Petrucciani playing several duets with guitarist Jim Hall as well as three performances with Wayne Shorter joining the pair.
 The State Press is the independent student-operated newspaper of Arizona State University. It published a free newspaper every weekday until January 2013 at which point its print distribution was reduced to once per week. The editorial board announced that ASU Student Media will begin to focus on a host of new digital products and special print products.
 Wendy Warburton is a Republican member of the Montana Legislature. She was elected to House District 34 which represents the Havre Montana area.
 From Detroit to J.A. is The Kleptones' third album which blends R&B instrumentals with Pop Rap and R&B vocals.The mashups were initially created for The Rinse radio show (on the London station XFM). It was originally broadcast on January 23 2005 and later released as an internet-only album.
 The Post was a national daily newspaper in Pakistan owned by Khabrain Group of newspapers. Attempting to rival the existing newspapers it had brought a new vision into the modern journalism. It was founded on August 14 2005 by late Ednan Shahid. The paper had its resident offices at Islamabad and Karachi.
 Mynydd y Glyn is a mountain in South Wales between the towns of Pontypridd and Tonyrefail. It has a height above sea level of 377 metres. It is the mountain which was used in The Englishman who went up a Hill and came down a Mountain in which Hugh Grant and Ian McNeice star as English cartographers.
 The Serpentine River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia. The river rises in the Darling Scarp below Bowerling Hill and flows westward crossing Albany Highway North of North Bannister. The river continues North West through the Youarling State Forest then the Serpentine National Park. The river flows through Serpentine Dam then flows over Serpentine falls just south of Jarrahdale as it comes off the Scarp and onto the Swan Coastal Plain.
 Psychology of Men and Masculinity is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of Division 51. The journal was established in 2000 and covers research on how boys' and men's psychology is influenced and shaped by both gender and sex and encompasses the study of the social construction of gender sex differences and similarities and biological processes. The current editor-in-chief is Ronald F. Levant (University of Akron).
 Darnall's Chance also known as Buck House Buck-Wardrop House or James Wardrop House is a historic home located at 14800 Governor Oden Bowie Drive in Upper Marlboro Prince George's County Maryland United States. It is named after Colonel Henry Darnall a wealthy Roman Catholic planter who was the Proprietary Agent of Charles Calvert 3rd Baron Baltimore and who served for a time as Deputy Governor of the Province. The house itself was built c.
 St Bartholomew's Church Barrow is in the village of Great Barrow in the civil parish of Barrow Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Chester.
 The Pârâul Alb River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 Karen Nelson Moore (born in 1948 in Washington D.C.) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Her chambers are located in Cleveland Ohio.
 Anthrenocerus concolorous is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family.
 The Odd Couple II is the 1998 sequel to 1968's The Odd Couple. Written by Neil Simon (who also produced) the film reunites Jack Lemmon as Felix Unger and Walter Matthau as Oscar Madison in their last film together.
 Archbishop Quigley Preparatory Seminary was an American seminary preparatory school administered by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago for young men considering the priesthood. Located in downtown Chicago Illinois at 103 East Chestnut Street adjacent to Loyola University Chicago's Water Tower campus it closed on 22 June 2007 and became the Archbishop Quigley Center the pastoral center and headquarters of the Archdiocese after renovations ending 19 November 2008.
 The Linhares lime tree frog Sphaenorhynchus palustris is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 A Light in the Forest is John Carl Buechler's film adaptation of Frank Latino's award winning children's book The Legend of Hollyboy. It starred Lindsay Wagner.
 Sharfia mirabilis is an extinct species of anglerfish in the family Lophiidae. It is the only member of its genus Sharfia. It was discovered in 2011 during a review of fossil material at the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle in Paris. The fossil material was collected from the Monte Bolca lagerstätte one of the earliest known Eocene fossil sites.
 A Wife's Life is an eight-minute film made in 1950 by classic short filmmaker Pete Smith (film producer) who also narrates. It is directed by Dave O'Brien (actor) and written by Dave O'Brien and Julian Harmon. The film is narrated in Smith's classic nasally matter-of-fact comedic delivery and is shot as a mockumentary of sorts.
 Plumer Block also known as the Hancock Building was a historic commercial building located at Franklin Venango County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1866 and was a three-story red brick building with a flat roof in the Victorian Italianate style. It housed the first bank in Franklin as well as numerous commercial enterprises and law offices.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It was delisted in 1986 after being demolished following a fire.
 By the River Piedra I sat Down and Wept (Portuguese: Na margem do rio Piedra eu sentei e chorei) is one of Paulo Coelho's most prominent titles. This is the first part in Coelho's trilogy On the Seventh Day. The other two parts are Veronika Decides to Die and The Devil and Miss Prym. This trilogy is a week in the life of someone ordinary to whom something extraordinary happens.
 The Supersonic Storybook is the third album by American alternative rock group Urge Overkill.
 Medway Maritime Hospital is a general hospital in Gillingham England within the NHS South East Coast. It is run by Medway NHS which is a foundation trust. It is Kent's largest and busiest hospital dealing with around 400000 patients annually. It was founded as the Royal Naval Hospital in 1902 for the Naval personnel at the Chatham Dockyard.
 In the First Circle (Russian: В круге первом V kruge pervom) is a novel by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn released in 1968. A fuller version of the book was published in English in 2009.The novel depicts the lives of the occupants of a sharashka (a research and development bureau made of gulag inmates) located in the Moscow suburbs. This novel is highly autobiographical.
 Donald Everett Bratton (born June 7 1947 in Monahans Texas) is an American politician and a Republican member of the New Mexico House of Representatives representing District 62 since January 2001. Bratton was the mayor of Hobbs from 1996 until 1998.
 Carlos Tejedor (November 4 1817 — January 3 1903) was an Argentine jurist and politician Governor of Buenos Aires Province between 1878 and 1880. Tejedor was a prominent figure in the movement against the Federalization of Buenos Aires.
 Skoddetindene is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Three Rock Mountain (Irish: Binn Trí Charraig; archaic: Sliabh Ruadh) is a mountain in Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown county in Ireland. It is 444 metres (1457 feet) high and forms part of the group of hills in the Dublin Mountains which comprises Two Rock Three Rock Kilmashogue and Tibradden Mountains. The mountain takes its name from the three groups of granite rocks at the summit.
 Dogfight is a 1991 film set in San Francisco California during the Vietnam War (1963 – 1966) stars River Phoenix and Lili Taylor and was directed by Nancy Savoca.The film explores the love between an 18-year-old Marine Corporal Eddie Birdlace on his way to Vietnam and a young woman Rose Fenny. Both lovers are portrayed as innocent and inexperienced: Birdlace is angry and inept Fenny is idealistic yet unsophisticated.
 Spuyten Duyvil Creek /ˈspaɪtən ˈdaɪvəl/ is a channel connecting the Hudson River to the Harlem River Ship Canal and on to the Harlem River in New York City separating the island of Manhattan from the Bronx and the rest of the mainland. The neighborhood named Spuyten Duyvil lies to the north of the creek.
 Mother's Day is a 1980 American horror-thriller film directed co-written and produced by Charles Kaufman brother of Troma Entertainment co-founder Lloyd Kaufman who served as an associate producer for the film.A memorable scene in the film is soundtracked by I Think We're Alone Now by 1960s bubblegum pop band Tommy James & the Shondells.
 Répáshuta is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 The Flower of My Secret (Spanish: La flor de mi secreto) is a 1995 film by Spanish director Pedro Almodóvar.
 Okna (Česká Lípa District) is a village and municipality in Česká Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 The Church of St Stephen on-the-Cliffs is located in St Stephen's Avenue Blackpool Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Blackpool the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn.
 Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo is a 1999 comedy film starring Rob Schneider William Forsythe Eddie Griffin Oded Fehr and Arija Bareikis. The film follows a hapless fishtank cleaner who goes into business as a male prostitute in an attempt to earn enough money to repair damage he caused while house-sitting. It was the first film released by Happy Madison Productions. The film spawned a sequel titled Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo.
 Kugler Hospital is a Landmark of Guntur City. Dr. Anna Sarah Kugler arrived in Guntur India Andhra Pradesh in November 1883. With very few funds and working as a teacher part-time she started a small dispensary and began planning for a hospital for women. Her dream was realized as the American Evangelical Lutheran Mission Hospital Guntur India which opened on June 22 1897.
 The First Beautiful Thing (Italian: La prima cosa bella) is a 2010 Italian drama film directed by Paolo Virzì produced by Medusa Film Motorino Amaranto and Indiana Production released in Italy on 15 January 2010. The film stars Micaela Ramazzotti Valerio Mastandrea Claudia Pandolfi and Stefania Sandrelli.On 9 November 2010 the film opened at the Cinema Italian style Film Festival in Los Angeles.
 MIND MGMT is an ongoing American comic book series created by Matt Kindt and published through Dark Horse Comics with an expected run of 36 issues. The first issue was released on May 23 2012 to good reviews and received a second printing in April 2013. The series continued to receive positive coverage into its second year.
 The Church of St John the Divine designed by William Swinden Barber was built as a mission church in 1892–1893 in the parish of St James Chapelthorpe Crigglestone Wakefield West Yorkshire England. It was funded by local benefactor Mary Mackie in memory of her husband. It is of Gothic Revival and Arts and Crafts design.
 Stanley Knapp Hathaway (July 19 1924 – October 4 2005) served as 27th governor of Wyoming from January 2 1967 to January 6 1975 and as United States Secretary of the Interior under President Gerald R. Ford.
 Sunnyside is a historic house on 10 acres (4 ha) of grounds alongside the Hudson River in Tarrytown New York. It was formerly the home of American author Washington Irving best known for his short stories The Legend of Sleepy Hollow and Rip Van Winkle and is a National Historic Landmark.
 Perittia granadensis is a moth of the family Elachistidae. It is found in Spain.
 Robert Andrews was the Resident and Superintendent of British Ceylon. He was appointed in 12 February 1796 and was Resident until 12 October 1798. He was succeeded by Frederick North as Governor of British Ceylon.
 Centerville Historic District is a historic district in Centerville Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic district by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The Hand of Zei is a science fiction novel written by L. Sprague de Camp the second book of his Viagens Interplanetarias series and its subseries of stories set on the fictional planet Krishna. The book has a convoluted publication history. It was first published in the magazine Astounding Science Fiction as a four-part serial in the issues for October 1950-January 1951.
 Wildwood Imperium: The Wildwood Chronicles Book Three is a 2014 children's fantasy novel by The Decemberists' singer-songwriter Colin Meloy illustrated by his wife Carson Ellis. The novel the second sequel to Wildwood: The Wildwood Chronicles Book One continues the tale of Prue McKeel and her adventures in the Impassable Wilderness a fantastical version of Portland Oregon's Forest Park. The natural beauty and local color of the city figure prominently.
 The Büyük Menderes River (historically the Maeander or Meander from Ancient Greek: Μαίανδρος Maíandros; Turkish: Büyük Menderes Irmağı) is a river in southwestern Turkey. It rises in west central Turkey near Dinar before flowing west through the Büyük Menderes graben until reaching the Aegean Sea in the proximity of the ancient Ionian city Miletus. The word meander is used to describe a winding pattern after the river.
 The San Ramón River is a river of Bolivia.
 The Chifley Government refers to the federal Executive Government of Australia led by Prime Minister Ben Chifley. It was made up of members of the Australian Labor Party in the Australian Parliament from 1945 to 1949.
 Los Gabriel… Simplemente Amigos (English The Gabriel... Simply friends) is a compilation album by Mexican singers Ana Gabriel and Juan Gabriel. It was released in 2007 under the label of Sony BMG Latin.
 The Modular Man is a science fiction novel by American writer Roger MacBride Allen. It is the fourth in the Next Wave series.
 Psalm 9 is the debut album by the American doom metal band Trouble released in 1984. The album was originally released eponymously and was renamed to Psalm 9 after the release of their fourth album which was their 1990 self-titled release.
 Magik was a four-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 1983–1984 starring the fictional characters Magik and Storm. It was written by Chris Claremont and illustrated by John Buscema Ron Frenz Sal Buscema and Tom Palmer.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End is the soundtrack for the Disney movie of the same title Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End. It is composed by Hans Zimmer and features additional music by Lorne Balfe Tom Gire Nick Glennie-Smith Henry Jackman Atli Örvarsson John Sponsler and Geoff Zanelli.Circuit City's initial retail shipments of the album included a free movie poster at checkout with a minimum ten per store.
 Ziarat (Persian: زيارت or زيارَت‎ also Romanized as Zīārat; also known as Zeyārat-e Khāşeh Rūd Ziār Zīārat-e Khāşeh Rūd Zīārat-e Khāsteh Rūd and Zīyārat Khāseh Rūd) is a village in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1964 in 478 families.Ziarat is located about 8 km south of Gorgan in the Golestan Province of Iran.
 Tan Chuan-Jin (simplified Chinese: 陈川仁; traditional Chinese: 陳川仁; pinyin: Chén Chuānrén; born 10 January 1969) is a Singaporean politician. A member of the country's governing People's Action Party (PAP) he is currently the Minister in the Ministry of Manpower and a Member of Parliament (MP) representing the Marine Parade Group Representation Constituency. Before entering politics he served in the Singapore Army rising to the rank of Brigadier-General.
 Gauruncus gelastes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Glenys Jenolan Godfrey (born 19 July 1949) is an Australian politician. She is the member for the Western Australian Legislative Assembly seat of Belmont.She was formerly Mayor of Belmont between 2005 and 2013.
 The Kamnik Bistrica (Slovene: Kamniška Bistrica) is an Alpine river in northern Slovenia a left tributary of the Sava River. It springs from the Kamnik Alps (part of the Southern Limestone Alps) near the border with Austria. It is 33 kilometres (21 mi) long. The Kamnik Bistrica flows through the town of Kamnik where it is fed by the Nevljica River. It flows into the Sava in Dol pri Ljubljani about 10 km east of Ljubljana.
 Ponięcice [pɔɲɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik within Racibórz County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Rudnik 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Racibórz and 61 km (38 mi) west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 270.
 Wildcat Creek is a 13.4-mile-long (21.6 km) creek which flows through Wildcat Canyon situated between the Berkeley Hills and the San Pablo Ridge emptying into San Pablo Bay in Contra Costa County northern California.
 Emanuel Boekman (1889–1940) was a Dutch politician.
 Everything and More: A Compact History of Infinity is a book by American novelist and essayist David Foster Wallace that examines the history of infinity focusing primarily on the work of Georg Cantor the 19th-century German mathematician who created set theory. The book is part of the W. W. Norton Great Discoveries series.The introduction was written by Neal Stephenson and was reprinted in his collection Some Remarks : Essays and Other Writing.Reviewers including Rudy Rucker A.W.
 Jonathan Nathaniel Moyo (born 12 January 1957) is a Zimbabwean politician who has served in the government of Zimbabwe as Minister of Information since 2013. He previously served as Minister of Information from 2000 to 2005 and he was elected to the House of Assembly of Zimbabwe as an independent candidate in 2005 and 2008. He is considered the core architect of AIPPA and POSA.
 Agyrta porphyria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Cramer in 1782. It is found in Brazil (Para).
 Pembroke Street South Pond is a 16-acre (65000 m2) pond in Kingston Massachusetts. The pond is located on Route 27 northwest of the intersection with Winter Street and Reed Street south of Reeds Millpond. Pine Brook a tributary of the Jones River flows through the pond. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish in the pond.
 Vodochody is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. There is a small airport Vodochody Airport in the village and the aircraft construction company Aero Vodochody.
 Veliki Trnovci (Cyrillic: Велики Трновци) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 August Košutić (5 August 1893 – 12 November 1964) was a Croatian politician and a prominent member of the Croatian Peasant Party (HSS).As a member of the HSS Košutić traveled through Europe and United States to inform the world public about the Serb hegemonist policy of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia and the Croatian issue. Because of his activity he was often arrested by the Yugoslav authorities and in 1924 he was a victim of an assassination attempt.
 Master of Thunder also known as Legend of Seven Monks or Master of Thunder: Kessen!! Fuuma ryuuko-den (マスター・オブ・サンダー　決戦!! 封魔龍虎伝) is a 2006 Japanese martial-arts film starring Sonny Chiba.
 The Jakobsberg is a hill 235.2 m above sea level that forms the westernmost peak of the Wesergebirge chain and is the eastern guardian of the Weser gorge the Porta Westfalica or Westphalian Gate in North Rhine-Westphalia (Germany).The summit is the site of the Jakobsberg Telecommunication Tower which stands on the site of a former Bismarck Tower near the Bismarckburg Inn the Schlageter Monument and the Porta Bluff.
 James Anthony Brown OBE (born 5 January 1950) is a Manx politician former businessman and electrician who was the Chief Minister of the Isle of Man from December 2006 until October 2011 when he stepped down from office following his decision to retire.
 The Sound of McAlmont and Butler is the debut album from rock/soul duo McAlmont and Butler recorded in 1994/95 and released in 1995 after the duo had split up. The album is essentially a compilation comprising both of the band's singles and the bonus tracks thereof alongside two unreleased tracks.
 Cooltura is a Polish-language magazine published weekly in the United Kingdom with a print run of 55.000 copies.
 Lake Hayes is a small lake in the Wakatipu Basin in Central Otago in New Zealand's South Island. It is located close to the towns of Arrowtown and Queenstown.The southern end of the lake is close to State Highway 6 while the western side is bordered by Slope Hill.
 The Cement Garden is a 1993 British drama film directed by Andrew Birkin. It is based on the 1978 novel of the same name written by Ian McEwan. It was entered into the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival where Birkin won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
 Hospital Pereira Rossell is a hospital in Montevideo Uruguay. It is located in the barrio of Parque Batlle just west of the park of the same name. It was founded in 1908 and was built on land donated in late 1900 by Alexis Rossell y Rius and Dolores Pereira de Rossell. It was the first paediatric hospital and shortly afterwards the first maternity hospital when they installed obstetric and gynaecological clinic in 1915. Later the hospital received a donation from Dr.
 Ćiribiribela is the ninth and final studio album released by Yugoslav rock band Bijelo Dugme released in 1988. Ćirbiribela would be the band's last release (excluding compilation albums) before the band's 2005 reunion and the live album Turneja 2005: Sarajevo Zagreb Beograd.
 Lise Lavallée is a Canadian politician. She is the member of the Quebec National Assembly for the Coalition Avenir Québec in the riding of Repentigny having been elected in the 2014 Quebec election.
 Gulag: A History also published as Gulag: A History of the Soviet Camps is a non-fiction book covering the history of the Soviet Gulag system. It was written by American author Anne Applebaum and published in 2003 by Doubleday. Gulag won the 2004 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction and the 2004 Duff Cooper Prize.
 Hands Across the Table is a 1935 American romantic screwball comedy film released by Paramount Pictures. It stars Carole Lombard as a manicurist looking for a rich husband and Fred MacMurray as a poor playboy with Ralph Bellamy as a wealthy but handicapped ex-pilot. The teaming of Lombard and MacMurray was so well received they went on to make three more films together 1936's The Princess Comes Across 1937's Swing High Swing Low and 1937's True Confession.
 Duplicate is a 2009 Malayalam film directed by Shibu Prabhakar and produced by Sajai Sebastian and Joji K. John under the banner of Zion International Film Factory with Suraj Venjaramoodu in the lead role. This is Suraj's first movie as a hero and he handles a double role in the movie.
 The parent bug (Elasmucha grisea) is a shield bug a type of insect characterized by its shield-shaped body. It is so named because adults remain with their offspring for several weeks after they hatch; this is relatively rare behaviour in the insect world. Adults are approximately 12 mm long.
 The Yellow-banded Underwing (Catocala cerogama) is a species of Catocalini that occurs in North America.
 Frederick Joseph Conboy (January 1 1883 – March 29 1949) was a Canadian politician who served as mayor of Toronto Ontario from 1941 to 1944.Before entering politics Conboy was a dental surgeon served as a professor at the Royal College of Dental Surgeons secretary of the Ontario Dental Association and editor of the association's journal.
 Szorce [ˈʂɔrt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianne within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Trzcianne 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Mońki and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Penthophonus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Penthophonus astutus Tschitscherine 1903 Penthophonus glasunovi (Tschitscherine 1898) Penthophonus peyroni (Brulerie 1873) Penthophonus solitarius (Peyron 1858) Penthophonus taygetanus Pic 1911↑
 Seki is a village in the District of Bozdoğan Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 469 people.
 Baiara (Bengali: বাইয়ারা) is a Village of Nangalkot Upazila of the Comilla District in the Division of Chittagong Bangladesh.The origin of name of Baiara village is known as at a time when this area was ruled by Nabab Fazilatunnesa and then there were six brothers who were very strong. They used to attain wrestling competition in different area and always won. Everybody at a time became fearful about them gradually for their dominate the village name became Baiara.
 A Knight of the Word is the second novel in the Word & Void series by Terry Brooks written as a prequel to his Shannara series. It was first published in 1998 by Ballantine's Del Rey division (ISBN 978-0-345-37963-4). The setting is primarily Seattle Washington around Halloween in 2002 five years after the events of Running with the Demon. The story follows John Ross as he attempts to leave his life in service to the Word while Nest Freemark tries to restore his faith.
 Penny Paradise is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Carol Reed and starring Edmund Gwenn Betty Driver and Jimmy O'Dea. It was made at Ealing Studios. It was an early directorial assignment for Reed and along with many other British productions of the era such as the same year's better-known Reed-directed Bank Holiday is described as: ...belonging to a wider studio tradition of modest representation of ordinary British life.
 The Jidovoaia River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
 Girl Germs was a zine created by University of Oregon students Allison Wolfe and Molly Neuman both members of the band Bratmobile.Feminism was influential in the Pacific Northwest in the early nineties: Girl Germs heralded an explosion of zines that accompanied the rebirth of feminism. These zines included Ms AmericaSatan Wears A Bra Fantastic Fanzine I (heart) Amy Carter and others.
 Dancing with the dead (comic thriller in two acts) is a 2005 play by Georgian playwright Miho Mosulishvili.
 Veer Hamirji - Somnath ni Sakhate is a Gujarati film released on 25 May 2012. The film did not perform well at the Gujarati box office as it stayed in the cinema for just one week. However it was shortlisted for an Oscar nomination in the category of Best Foreign Language Film making it the first ever Gujarati film to do so. Following the shortlisting the movie was re-scheduled for a release in India as well as in United States in December 2012.
 Craig Asbjorn Baumann MP (born 30 April 1953) is an Australian politician and member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Port Stephens for the Liberal Party since 2007.Baumann was elected at the 2007 state election. Following two weeks of re-counts he was elected on a two party preferred margin of 68 votes making Port Stephens the most marginal electorate in New South Wales. Before entering state politics Craig Baumann was Mayor of Port Stephens.
 Barry Richard McCaffrey (born November 17 1942) is a retired United States Army general news commentator and business consultant. He received three Purple Heart medals for injuries sustained during his service in Vietnam two Silver Stars for valor and two Distinguished Service Crosses — the second-highest U.S. Army award for valor. He was inducted into U.S. Army Ranger Hall of Fame at U.S. Army Infantry Center at Fort Benning in 2007. He served as an adjunct professor at U.S.
 The Paxton Hotel formerly known as Paxton Manor and currently known as The Paxton is located at 1403 Farnam Street in Downtown Omaha Nebraska United States. Designed by local architect Joseph G. McArthur the current building was constructed in 1928 with its predecessor dating from 1882. Named for local businessman and community leader William A. Paxton today the building houses luxury condominia. It is one of the few significant Art Deco structures in Omaha today.
 God the Lux is the second full length album by Polish symphonic black metal band Vesania. It was released on 25 April 2005 through Napalm Records. It was recorded in various points of time between September 2004 and January 2005. The drums guitars and vocals were recorded at the Hendrix Studio in Lublin Poland and engineered by Arkadiusz Malta Malczewski.
 Present the Paisley Reich is the second album by lo-fi indie rock group Times New Viking. The CD release is expanded to include songs from two seven-inch releases: Busy Making Love & War and a split EP with Psychedelic Horseshit. The album was released on Siltbreeze Records; however Times New Viking released their next album (Rip It Off) on Matador Records.
 Mignot Memorial Hospital is the principal hospital in Alderney Channel Islands. It is located in the northern part of St. Anne and operates as part of the States of Guernsey Health and Social Services Department. The hospital was established in 2008 and has 22 beds serving Alderney’s population of 2300. 14 beds are used for continuing care; 8 of the beds are used for medical post-operative maternity or paediatric care.
 Take Me as I Am is the first album by country artist Faith Hill released in 1993 on Warner Bros. Records and has been certified 3×platinum in the United States for sales of three million copies.Four singles were released from the album. The first two — Wild One and Piece of My Heart — reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in 1994.
 Banfash (Persian: بنفش‎) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tuesdays Thursdays and if it Rains is the first solo album for Brian Byrne formerly of I Mother Earth.The album has hit number 1 on the charts in Belgrade and Israel.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Sharqi Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 22 families.
 Anthidium cockerelli is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Voices is the first book in the series of original science fiction novels based on the Emmy Award-winning series Babylon 5 created by J. Michael Straczynski. This book is authored by John Vornholt.This novel is set somewhere in the season 2 timeline of the Babylon 5 TV series. The story revolves around a plot to have the Earth Senate remove PSI Corps from the military and to place it under the control of the private sector.
 Wellington House also known as Charles Estabrook Mansion is a historic home designed by Ward Wellington Ward in Fayetteville New York. It was built in 1922 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 L'Angoisse is a French play by Pierre Mills and Celia de Vilyars. The film rights to it were bought by Vernon Sewell who filmed it four times: The Medium (1934) Latin Quarter (1945) Ghost Ship (1952) and House of Mystery (1961).
 Pure Coolness (Kyrgyz: Boz Salkyn) is a 2007 film by Kyrgyz director Ernest Abdyjaparov.
 Bin Phere Hum Tere is a 1979 Bollywood drama film directed by Rajat Rakshit. The film stars Asha Parekh and Vinod Mehra.
 Loops from the Bergerie is an album by the group Swayzak. The title of this album comes from the soundtrack for the sixties French movie Les Loups Dans La Bergerie.
 Ancylosis lacteicostella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 from Uzbekistan but is also found in Russia.The wingspan is about 18 mm.
 Jahanabad-e Sofla (Persian: جهان ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Jahānābād-e Soflá; also known as Jahānābād and Jahānābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 196 in 37 families.
 The Eddie & the Gang with No Name series is a trilogy of young-adult novels written by Northern Irish author Colin Bateman. The trilogy surrounds a twelve-year-old Eddie and his affiliation with a local gang the Reservoir Pups. The trilogy was bought by the publisher Random House for release in America. However given the drug-related content in the third installment of the series Random House decided to publish only the first two novels.
 Łopienie-Szelągi [wɔˈpjɛɲɛ ʂɛˈlɔŋɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The John S. and Izola Lewis House at 343 E. 720 S. in Orem Utah was built in 1938. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It was built by John Lewis a public schools administrator.
 The Centre of Contemporary Art (CoCA formerly the Canterbury Society of Arts Gallery) is an art gallery in the central city of Christchurch New Zealand.The gallery specialises in the exhibition sale valuation and hire of New Zealand art as well as offering educational services and advice on fine art. Exhibitions at the gallery change every three weeks work by over 400 artists has been exhibited every year.[citation needed]
 Harry Darby (January 23 1895 – January 17 1987) was an American politician from Kansas. Born in Kansas City Kansas he graduated from the University of Illinois and served in the United States Army during the World War I rising to the rank of captain. After the war he became successful in business ventures in several different fields including insurance steel railroads utilities and banking. He served on the Kansas State Highway Commission from 1933 to 1937.
 Büttelberg is a 530 m high forest covered mountain of Bavaria Germany. It lies approximately 3 km south of Marktbergel. Since 1952 a broadcasting tower belonging to the Bayerischer Rundfunk is located on the mountain.
 Kørsel med Grønlandske hunde (English: Traveling with Greenlandic Dogs) is a Danish silent film made in 1897 by the photographer Peter Elfelt. It was the first movie sequence filmed in Denmark. The film less than one minute in length (10 meters of 35mm film) shows a Danish colony manager named Johan Carl Joensen driving a sledge pulled by Greenlandic sled dogs through Fælledparken in Copenhagen Denmark.
 Khankuiyeh (Persian: خانكوئيه‎ also Romanized as Khānkū’īyeh) is a village in Gughar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 9 in 4 families.
 The Rucker House also known as Caretaker's House in Bauxite Arkansas was built in 1905. It was a work of the Pittsburgh Reduction Co. (a predecessor of Alcoa).The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It was deemed important as the only surviving intact house of the original Bauxite a company town that was established in 1903. It was home of the company's plant supervisor W. A. Rucker.
 Chalta Purza is a 1977 Bollywood action thriller film directed by Bhappi Sonie. The film stars Rajesh Khanna and Parveen Babi.
 Kopperå Chapel (Norwegian: Kopperå kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Meråker in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Kopperå. The 150-seat church was built of stone in 1936. The church is part of the Meråker parish in the Stjørdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 Walk the Dark Street is a 1956 American film directed by Wyott Ordung.
 Digrammia irrorata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the western United States and south-western Canada (from Oklahoma to California north to British Columbia and Alberta).The wingspan is 23–26 mm. Adults are on wing from March to June in the northern part of the range. There are several generations in the south.The larval foodplant is unknown.
 80 Micro was a home computing magazine published by CWC/I publications (Wayne Green) between 1980 and 1988 about the TRS-80 microcomputer built by Tandy Corporation and sold through Radio Shack. The magazine featured program listings for the machine primarily written in BASIC and occasionally Z80 assembly language. These programs were printed in the magazine but could be purchased on cassette tape and diskette media under the name Load 80 to save some typing.
 The Tilpe River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
 Ihmiset suviyössä is a novel by Finnish author Frans Eemil Sillanpää. It was released in 1934. In 1948 Valentin Vaala directed a film based on the book. The fifth edition of the novel was published that year.Ihmiset suviyössä has been said to be an ode to a Finnish summer night. It deals with the biggest issues of life; birth death and what effects love or the lack of it has on man.
 Flattop Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country at the village of Sugar Mountain. It is wholly in the Pisgah National Forest. Its elevation reaches 4944 feet (1507 m). Feeder streams from the mountain flow directly into the Linville River except along the north slope where Flattop Creek flows directly into the Elk River; the mountain is partitioned by the Eastern Continental Divide.Because of its adjacent proximity it has been mistaken as part of Sugar Mountain.
 Dalekie [daˈlɛkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moskorzew within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Moskorzew 24 km (15 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 72.
 Dr Joseph Bower Siddall (March 4 1840 – July 4 1904) was a British doctor who worked as a foreign advisor in Japan and was influential in the use of hygiene in Japanese Military hospitals and universal vaccination for Smallpox.
 Ectoedemia capesella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Puplesis in 1985. It is known from the Russian Far East and Japan.The larvae probably feed on Acer species.
 Lonchognathosaurus was a genus of dsungaripterid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Albian-age Lower Cretaceous Lianmuqin Formation of Xinjiang China. The genus was named in 2004 by Michael Maisch Andreas Matzke and Sun Ge. The type species is Lonchognathosaurus acutirostris. The genus name is derived from Greek lonchos lance gnathos jaw and sauros lizard in reference to the fact that it is a reptile with pointed jaws.
 Skeletons on the Zahara: A True Story of Survival is a 2004 nonfiction book written by maritime historian Dean King. It is based on two of the survivors' journals primarily Captain James Riley's memoir Sufferings in Africa. To research the book Dean King embarked on a National Geographic Society sponsored expedition to retrace the horrific journey of Riley and his crew across the Saharan (Zahara) desert.
 Nassarius cockburnensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Trawniki [travˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smyków within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Smyków 17 km (11 mi) south of Końskie and 23 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 90.
 Agents of Chaos: Hero's Trial (also released as Agents of Chaos I: Hero's Trial) is the first novel in a two-part story by James Luceno. Published and released in 2000 it is the fourth installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars galaxy.
 Tubuliporina is a bryozoan suborder in the order Cyclostomatida. The earliest possible crown-group fossil date to the upper Triassic.
 Yukarıaydere is a village in the District of Hanak Ardahan Province Turkey.
 The Hakkōda Mountains (八甲田山系 Hakkōda-sankei) is a volcanic mountain range that lies to the south of Aomori city in Aomori Prefecture Japan. The range consists of more than a dozen stratovolcanoes and lava domes arranged into two volcanic groups. The Northern Hakkōda Volcanic Group emerges from the rim of a 8-km wide caldera that dates back to the Pleistocene. The Southern Hakkōda Volcanic Group predates the caldera.
 Utrivalva melitocrossa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Henry Stanislas de Lotbiniere Harwood (August 8 1838 – August 28 1911) was a Seigneur and political figure in Quebec.
 My Man Jeeves is a collection of short stories by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom in May 1919 by George Newnes. Of the eight stories in the collection half feature the popular characters Jeeves and Bertie Wooster while the others concern Reggie Pepper an early prototype for Wooster.
 The Masonic Temple in Port Angeles Washington was constructed in 1921 using the classical revival style. It is still in use today as a Masonic Lodge and also hosts many other events. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Terrain to Roam is the second studio album by Los Angeles-based rapper Subtitle. It was released on Alpha Pup Records in 2006.
 William Leon Jones (born December 20 1949) is a U.S. politician from California who served in the California State Assembly and later served as California's 27th Secretary of State. He was an unsuccessful Republican candidate for Governor of California in 2002 as well as an unsuccessful candidate for the United States Senate from California in 2004 against incumbent Democrat Barbara Boxer.
 Hakuba no Ōji-sama (ハクバノ王子サマ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yukizou Saku. It was adapted into a Japanese television drama series.
 Manatees (family Trichechidae genus Trichechus) are large fully aquatic mostly herbivorous marine mammals sometimes known as sea cows. There are three accepted living species of Trichechidae representing three of the four living species in the order Sirenia: the Amazonian manatee (Trichechus inunguis) the West Indian manatee (Trichechus manatus) and the West African manatee (Trichechus senegalensis).
 The Sarntal Alps (German: Sarntaler Alpen) are a mountain range in South Tyrol Italy.
 John Smythe Hall (August 7 1853 – January 8 1909) was a Canadian lawyer politician and editor.Born in Montreal the son of John Smythe Hall a lumber merchant and Emma Brigham he attended Bishop's College School in Lennoxville Quebec and received a Bachelor of Law degree from McGill University in 1875.
 Rhabdotis aulica known as the emerald fruit chafer is a species of Scarabaeidae the dung beetle family and is found in Africa. Adult beetles which are about 25 millimetres (0.98 in) long feed on flowers and fruit laying their eggs in goat and cattle manure. The pupae develop inside egg-shaped protective clay shells.
 After Dark is a three-issue dark science fiction limited series published by Radical Comics in a 56-page graphic novella format. The series concept and characters were created by film director/writer Antoine Fuqua (director of Training Day) and actor Wesley Snipes (star of the Blade series). The series is written by Peter Milligan (best known for Marvel Comics's X-Statix series) and illustrated by Jeff Nentrup.On June 30 2010 a #0 issue was released as a prequel.
 William G. Stinson (born circa 1945) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate. He was elected to represent the 2nd senatorial district in the Pennsylvania Senate in a 1993 special election.However Federal District Judge Clarence C. Newcomer declared him the loser of that election after finding that Stinson had engaged in election fraud and ordered Stinson's Republican opponent Bruce S. Marks be seated in his stead.
 Gone with the Wind is a novel written by Margaret Mitchell first published in 1936. The story is set in Clayton County Georgia and Atlanta during the American Civil War and Reconstruction. It depicts the experiences of Scarlett O'Hara the spoiled daughter of a well-to-do plantation owner who must use every means at her disposal to come out of the poverty she finds herself in after Sherman's March to the Sea.
 Tip3 Gan6 Lou4 Haau2 Yam1 (貼近盧巧音; Get Close To Candy Lo) is Candy Lo's 2nd studio album. It was released on 1 August 1999. For this album Candy Lo first collaborated with Hong Kong producer Kubert Leung.
 Mount Muir is a peak in the Sierra Nevada of California 0.95 miles (1.5 km) south of Mount Whitney. This 14018-foot (4273 m) peak is named in honor of Scottish-born American John Muir a famous geologist conservationist and founder of the Sierra Club. The southernmost section of the John Muir Trail contours along the west side of Mount Muir near its summit and ends on the summit of Mount Whitney.
 Mehdiabad-e Bozorg (Persian: مهدي ابادبزرگ‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād-e Bozorg; also known as Mehdīābād Ḩājjīābād Mekhtyabad and Mihdiābād) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1359 in 317 families.
 The Inarajan River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Garrett Snuff Mill also known as the George W. Helme Company is a historic snuff tobacco mill complex located at Yorklyn New Castle County Delaware. The complex includes 14 contributing buildings built between 1846 and 1901. The buildings are architecturally unified as most are built of brick with the two earliest mills constructed of stone. The Garrett family introduced the manufacture of snuff to Delaware.
 Ovrejaevrie (Southern Sami) or Orvatnet (Norwegian) is a lake in the municipality of Røyrvik in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The water from the lake flows out through the river Orelva into the lake Namsvatnet. This lake lies within Børgefjell National Park less than 250 metres (820 ft) to the west of the border with Sweden.
 Albionella guianensis is a jumping spider species found in French Guiana.
 Colm Keaveney (born 11 January 1971) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was elected as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway East constituency at the 2011 general election He sat as an independent TD after losing the Labour whip in December 2012. He resigned from the party in June 2013 and joined Fianna Fáil in December 2013.
 Miss Happiness is the name of the first album by Walt Mink released in 1992. Hailed by many as Walt Mink's shining moment Miss Happiness is described by allmusic.com as one of the brightest alternative debut albums of the 1990s.
 Rhipha leucoplaga is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1910. It is found in French Guiana and Venezuela.
 European Vibe is a popular free monthly magazine published in Madrid. It is the first full colour English language magazine published in Madrid and it was first published in September 2006.
 Alijan (Persian: آليجان‎ also Romanized as Ālījān and ‘Alījān) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 38 families.
 The Nathan Hale Homestead is a historic home located at 2299 South Street in Coventry Connecticut. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 and was also known as Deacon Richard Hale House.Connecticut Landmarks operates the house a late 18th-century historic house museum.
 Badrabad (Persian: بدراباد‎ also Romanized as Badrābād and Badarābād; also known as Mehrābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Shohada Rural District in the Central District of Meybod County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 12 families.
 The Haast River has its terminus on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand. The Haast River drains the western watershed of the Haast Pass. It is 100 kilometres in length and enters the Tasman Sea near Haast township. The river's main tributary is the Landsborough River.The grassy flats on the lower reaches are grazed by cattle by the local farmers.
 Snuff Bottle Connection (Chinese: 神腿鐵扇功) is a 1977 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Dung Gam-woo and Lau Lap-lap and starring Hwang Jang Lee and John Liu. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 15 September 1977.
 The Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Depot in Clinton Minnesota United States is a historic railway station. It is now known as the Clinton Depot and serves as a local history museum for the Clinton area. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The interior has hardwood floors and decorative wainscoting in the waiting room an office in the middle and a freight room at the south end.
 04 Concert is a Twins album which was released in January 2004. There are two discs all together. The first disc contains 10 songs and the second one contains 15 songs.
 The Giving Tree is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Shel Silverstein.
 The Hard Ride is a 1971 action film about a U.S. Marine who promises to take care of a dead buddy's motorcycle and is threatened by a rival biker gang in the process.
 Pozzillo Lake is a lake in the Province of Enna Sicily southern Italy. Located in the Erean Mountains chain it is the largest artificial basin in the island. The lake is located mostly in the comune of Regalbuto but also partially in Agira. The lake was formed when a dam was built in 1959 at the north eastern end of the lake.
 Barsinella mirabilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil (Espiritu Santo).
 Tapin [ˈtapʲin] (Ukrainian: Тапин Tapyn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokietnica within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Jarosław and 51 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 The Plessur is a 33 km (21 mi) long right tributary of the Rhine River running through the Swiss canton of Graubünden. The river source is near the municipality of Arosa in the Plessur Range. It then flows through the Schanfigg valley before emptying into the Rhine at Chur.The Langwieser Viaduct an early reinforced concrete railroad bridge constructed in 1914 spans the Plessur near the municipality of Langwies.
 Sarab Narm (Persian: سراب نرم‎ also Romanized as Sarāb Narm; also known as Sarāb Narm-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jałowęsy [jawɔˈvɛ̃sɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Opatów and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce. From 1975-1998 the town was part of the Tarnobrzeg Voivodeship.The village has a population of 450.
 Our Lady Star of the Sea Seaforth is a Roman Catholic church in Seaforth Merseyside England. Its building is listed.
 Happiness is a 2013 play by David Williamson.
 Annapurna is a 1960 Telugu Drama film directed by V. Madhusudan Rao.
 Arthur is a village in and the county seat of Arthur County Nebraska United States. The population was 117 at the 2010 census.
 Jai Karoli Maa is an Indian movie directed by Ram Pahlwa which was released in 1988. The movie is based on the religious theme based on Karoli Maa of Hindu religion.
 Ostružno (Jičín District) is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Ek Do Teen is a 1953 Hindi comedy film produced and directed by Roop K. Shorey. It stars Motilal Meena Shorey Yashodra Katju Majnu and Iftekhar.The story screenplay and dialogues were written by Krishan Chander. The story has some similarity to Somerset Maugham's 'Facts Of Life'. The music was composed by Vinod and the lyricist was Aziz Kashmiri. The film was a follow up to Ek Thi Ladki (1949) which was directed by Roop K. Shorey and starred his wife Meena Shorey with Motilal.
 Shakedown 2 is a compilation album by the Freemasons. It was released on 29 June 2009. The single Heartbreak (Make Me A Dancer) was released a week before on 22 June 2009.
 Steve Lathrop (born April 1 1957) is a member of the Nebraska Legislature from Omaha Nebraska.
 The Izvorul Stânei River is a tributary of the Şasa River in Romania
 Heterogymna metarsia is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1989. It is found in India (Sikkim).
 Monster is a novel written in 2005 by Frank E. Peretti. It tells a story of a horrifying predator who terrorizes the woods of northern Idaho. The story deals with views on evolution beneficial mutation and natural selection.
 Greg Burdine is a Democratic member of the Alabama House of Representatives representing the 1st District. He was elected on November 2 2010. Burdine earned his BS in Finance from the University of North Alabama in 1982. He went on to receive his JD from Cumberland School of Law in 1988. Burdine was a Finance Officer from 1982 to 1985. He is a partner in the law firm of Suttle Mitchell & Burdine since 1989.
 Morz (Persian: مرز‎ also Romanized as Marz) is a village in Abshur Rural District Forg District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3512 in 720 families.
 The Bula (Russian: Була; Chuvash: Пăла; Tatar Cyrillic: Бола Latin: Bola) is a river in the Chuvash Republic and the Republic of Tatarstan Russia a left-bank tributary of the Sviyaga River. Its length is 118 kilometers (73 mi) and its drainage basin is 1587 square kilometers (613 sq mi). It originates in the Chuvash Republic and falls into the Sviyaga River south of Devlikeyevo.Major tributaries are the Cheremshan and the Malayu Bula Rivers. The maximum mineralization is 700–1000 mg/l.
 John George Jr. (born July 31 1946 in Dartmouth Massachusetts) is an American businessman farmer and politician who represented 9th Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1989–1991.He resigned six months into his second term due to a conflict of interest issue.
 The Sicintine Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains located south of the Skeena River and between the Sicintine River and Squingula River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 The Trippenhuis has been the seat of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences (KNAW) since 1887. It was originally built in the years 1660-1662 for the wealthy Amsterdam weapons dealers Louis and Hendrick Trip and many attributes of weaponry can be seen in the facade.
 Bryan Cutler is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 100th legislative district. He was first elected in 2006 defeating incumbent Gibson C. Armstrong.Cutler was born in Peach Bottom Pennsylvania and attended Solanco High School. He graduated from Lancaster School of Radiology in 1995 and earned a bachelor's degree from Lebanon Valley College in 2001.
 Leucoptera pulchricola is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is known from South Africa.The larvae feed on Ochna pulchra.
 Biała [ˈbjawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Biały Bór 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Szczecinek and 156 km (97 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 Nanbu Toshinao (南部利直) (1576–1632) was a Japanese daimyo of the early Edo period who ruled the Morioka Domain.
 The Complete Studio Recordings is a seven compact disc box set by American rock group The Doors released by Elektra on November 9 1999. It contains six of the original eight Doors albums digitally remastered with 24 bit with the inclusion of stray previously unreleased tracks that had surfaced on the The Doors: Box Set series on disc seven.The albums are placed in chronological order.
 August Heat is a 1910 short story by W. F.
 The Music Man is a 2003 American television film directed by Jeff Bleckner and starring Matthew Broderick and Kristin Chenoweth. The television production which was broadcast by ABC on the February 16 2003 edition of The Wonderful World of Disney is based on the book of the 1957 stage musical by Meredith Willson which was based on a story by Willson and Franklin Lacey.
 Rough Ride is a William Hill Sports Book of the Year written by Irish journalist Paul Kimmage in 1990.It is an autobiography that charts the author's upbringing in Dublin and his obsession with cycling which started with his father being a top-level Irish amateur. Paul Kimmage was Irish junior champion before riding for an amateur squad in Paris and becoming a professional with a French team RMO in 1986. He rode the Tour de France in 1986 1987 and 1989.
 The apalises are small passerine birds belonging to the genus Apalis. They are found in forest woodlands and scrub across most parts of sub-Saharan Africa. They are slender birds with long tails and have a slender bill for catching insects. They are typically brown grey or green above and several species have brightly coloured underparts.
 Thirty-Day Princess is a 1934 black-and-white comedy film starring Sylvia Sidney Cary Grant and Edward Arnold. The film was based on a story of the same name by Clarence Budington Kelland (which appeared in Ladies' Home Journal in 1933) adapted by Sam Hellman and Edwin Justus Mayer written by Preston Sturges and Frank Partos and directed by Marion Gering.
 Love Crazy is a 1941 screwball comedy film pairing William Powell and Myrna Loy as a couple whose marriage is on the verge of being broken up by the husband's old girlfriend and the wife's disapproving mother.
 De Bohemia is the title of a studio album released by Colombian performer Charlie Zaa. This album is a tribute to Cuban performer Orlando Contreras and was recorded by Zaa after his temporary retirement from the music business where he was admitted to a clinic to treat problems with panic attacks and depression. Zaa recorded the album after being convinced by his wife to do so.The album debuted at number 38 in the Billboard Latin Albums chart the week of October 8 2011.
 John Schneider's Collier & Co. – Hot Pursuit! is a film starring written and directed by John Schneider and released in 2006.
 Hessisches Kegelspiel is a group of nine vulcano mountains in the northern part of Rhön Mountains in Hesse Germany.
 Żugienie [ʐuˈɡʲɛɲɛ] (German: Sugnienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 The Boy and the Fog (Spanish: El Niño y la niebla) is a 1953 Mexican drama film directed by Roberto Gavaldón. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 Tomorrow is a 1972 film directed by Joseph Anthony. The screenplay was written by Horton Foote adapted from a play he wrote which was based on a story by William Faulkner. The PG film was filmed in Alcorn County Mississippi and the Bounds and Oakland Community of Itawamba County Mississippi. Though released in 1972 it saw limited runs in the U.S.
 Ebe Walter Tunnell (December 31 1844 – December 18 1917) was an American merchant and politician from Lewes in Sussex County Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly and as Governor of Delaware.
 My Wedding and Other Secrets is a 2011 romantic comedy film directed by Roseanne Liang written by Roseanne Liang and Angeline Loo and produced by South Pacific Pictures. The film is based on Liang's real-life cross-cultural romance.
 For the Welsh actress see Sara Gregory.Sara Beth Gregory (born September 5 1982) is an attorney from Monticello Kentucky who is a Republican member of the Kentucky State Senate from District 16 in the southern portion of her state. In addition to her native Wayne County she represents under a 2013 revised districting plan the counties of Adair Clinton Cumberland McCreary and Russell and Taylor.
 Temple Sinai is an historic Reform synagogue located at 11 Church Street on the corner of West Hampton Avenue in Sumter South Carolina. Built in 1912 of brick in the Moorish Revival style Temple Sinai was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 21 1999. It is also known as Congregation Sinai whose official name is the Sumter Society of Israelites.
 Der Verlorene Ball is an East German film. It was released in 1959.
 Reoli is a village of block Bhagalpur in Deoria district in the state of Uttar Pradesh India. It is under the Tehsil Salempur. It is situated 5 kilometres east to Bhagalpur. Pindi Bazar is 5 km east to it. Lar Bazar is nearly 6.5 km in northeast. Barhaj Bazar is 25 km in northeast. Deoria is 53 km from Reoli. SalemPur is just 24 km from Reoli. Belthra Road is just 10 km away in south from Reoli.Saryu (Ghaghra) river is just 5 km away at Bhagalpur west to Reoli.
 The Boyana Church (Bulgarian: Боянска църква Boyanska tsarkva) is a medieval Bulgarian Orthodox church situated on the outskirts of Sofia the capital of Bulgaria in the Boyana quarter.
 The Essex County Park Commission Administration Building is located in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1916 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 11 1977.
 Johanna Enlists is a 1918 silent film comedy-drama produced by and starring Mary Pickford with distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film was directed by William Desmond Taylor from a short story by Rupert Hughes The Mobilization of Johanna. Frances Marion a frequent Pickford collaborator wrote the scenario. The film was made at a time during WW1 when sentimental or patriotic film were immensely popular. It's an early starring vehicle for Monte Blue the male lead opposite Pickford here.
 Moonshine is the fifth album by Canadian singer-songwriter Kate Maki released in May 2011. The album was released independently on Maki's own Confusion Unlimited label with distribution by Outside Music.Guest musicians include Nathan Lawr Dale Murray and members of Cuff the Duke.
 Johnny Ray Turner is a Democratic member of the Kentucky Senate representing the 29th District since 2000. He is currently Minority Caucus Chair.
 Benjamin Jacobs House is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1790 and was originally a two-story three bay double pile side hall stone dwelling in the 2/3 Georgian style. It has a gable roof with dormers. The house has a stone kitchen wing making the house five bays wide and frame wing with a two-story porch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Oliver Twist (Hungarian: Twist Olivér) is a 1919 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Márton Garas and starring Tibor Lubinszky Emil Fenyvessy and Jenö Törzs. It is an adaptation of the novel Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens.
 The Clymene Moth (Haploa clymene) is a moth of the Tiger Moth family - Arctiidae subfamily Arctiinae. It is found in the East of North America.
 Deb Cherry is a former Democratic member of the Michigan Senate representing the 26th District until she was elected Genesee County treasurer in 2010. Her district included parts of Genesee and Oakland counties. Previously she was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from 1995 to 2000. Her brother John D. Cherry was the Lieutenant Governor of Michigan. There is speculation that she may run for congress in 2012.
 Scott Sifton is a Democratic member of the Missouri Senate representing the first district. Sifton took the seat in 2013 after defeating incumbent Senator Jim Lembke in a close election.Before being elected to the Missouri Senate Sifton served one term in the Missouri House of Representatives. Sifton also served for nine years on the Affton School Board and is a partner with Husch Blackwell law firm.
 Juan Edgardo Manalang Angara (born July 15 1972) most widely known as Sonny Angara is a Filipino legislator and advocate of educational reform. He was elected to the Senate of the Philippines in the 2013 Philippine Senate election. He served as representative of the lone district of Aurora from 2004 to 2013 acting as the chairperson of the House committee on higher and technical education making him ex officio member of the board of regents of the University of the Philippines (UP).
 Daphne in Cottage D is a 1967 play which starred Sandy Dennis during its initial run.
 The Journal of the Early Republic is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal which focuses on the early culture and history of the United States from 1776–1861. The journal is published by the University of Pennsylvania Press on behalf of the Society for Historians of the Early American Republic. The editors-in-chief are David Waldstreicher and Jonathan Daniel Wells (Temple University).
 Lemp (Dill) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Postage Due is a 1924 silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel.
 The Drunengalm (or Drunegalm) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located between Diemtigen and Reichenbach im Kandertal in the Bernese Oberland.
 Landed is the band Can's seventh studio album released in 1975. It is said to be the beginning of their poppier less experimental era.The album has been described as the band's attempt at glam rock and the upbeat nature of most of the tracks do give the album this feel. The last and longest track on the album however Unfinished still has much more of an ambient feel similar to that found on earlier albums such as Future Days and Soon Over Babaluma.
 The former Second Church of Christ Scientist is an historic Christian Science church building located at 651 Dolores Street corner of Cumberland Street across from Dolores Park in the Mission District of San Francisco California. Built in 1905 it was designed by noted San Francisco architect William H. Crim in the Classical Revival and Beaux Arts styles of architecture.
 Montereina is a genus of sea slugs dorid nudibranchs shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
 Tom Cruise: Unauthorized is a non-fiction biographical book about Tom Cruise written by Wensley Clarkson. The book was published by Hastings House in 1998. The book discusses Tom Cruise's early life his rise as an actor involvement with Scientology and past relationships with Mimi Rogers and Nicole Kidman. The book ended during the filming of Eyes Wide Shut.In 2003 Wensley Clarkson wrote another biography of Cruise entitled: Cruise Control.
 A Matter of Time is the first official mixtape of American singer Mike Posner. It was released February 28 2009.
 Adiyozhukkukal (Malayalam: അടിയൊഴുക്കുകള്‍ (Undercurrents)) is a 1984 Malayalam drama film directed by I. V. Sasi and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair; starring Mammootty Seema Mohanlal Balan K. Nair Vincent and Rahman in the main roles. The film was produced by Kochumon under the banner of Casino and was distributed by Century Films.Mammootty received the Kerala State Film Award for Best Actor for his performance as Karunan and Jayanan Vincent won the award for Best Cinematography.
 Kōshōnin (交渉人) is a 2008 TV film directed by Takashi Miike. It was released in the United States under the title The Negotiator
 The Idiot (Estonian: Idioot) is a 2011 Estonian drama film directed by Rainer Sarnet and based on the novel of the same name by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
 Salvador Guillermo Allende Gossens (Spanish: [salβaˈðoɾ aˈʝende ˈɣosens]; 26 June 1908 – 11 September 1973) was a Chilean physician and politician known as the first Marxist to become president of a Latin American country through open elections.Allende's involvement in Chilean political life spanned a period of nearly forty years. As a member of the Socialist Party he was a senator deputy and cabinet minister. He unsuccessfully ran for the presidency in the 1952 1958 and 1964 elections.
 Cousins Island Chapel is a historic chapel on the east side of Cousins Road 1.9 miles southeast of the junction with Morton Road on Cousins Island Maine.It was built in 1894 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Satraparchis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Jimmy Meng (simplified Chinese: 孟广瑞; traditional Chinese: 孟廣瑞; pinyin: Mèng Guǎngruì born 1944) was a New York State Assemblyman representing the 22nd Assembly District in Queens New York.Jimmy Meng was arrested on federal bribery charges on July 25 2012; he allegedly promised to help a defendant bribe Manhattan prosecutors.
 The Cascade County Courthouse in Great Falls Montana is a historic courthouse built in 1901-1903. Founded in 1887 Cascade County conducted its business from several office buildings in town until the courthouse was built. The full city block site was purchased in 1891 at a cost of $20000 but there was not enough tax revenue for the county to build a courthouse until a decade later. The grey sandstone used in construction was quarried within six miles of the building.
 Sarbor-e Jadid (Persian: سربرجديد‎ also Romanized as Sarbor-e Jadīd; also known as Sarbor) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 30 families.
 Emmet Methodist Church is a historic church at 209 S. Walnut in Emmet Arkansas.It was built in 1917 and added to the National Register in 2009.
 Parsons Peak is a mountain in Yosemite National Park and the Cathedral Range of California's Sierra Nevada. The peak located on the Madera–Tuolumne county line rises to an elevation of 12153 feet (3704 m). The mountain has a ridge extending northwest from the summit. On this ridge is a point referred to as Parsons Peak-Northwest Ridge which rises to an elevation of about 8848 feet (2697 m) and at this point the boundaries of Mariposa Tuolumne and Madera counties meet.
 Anystidae is a family of mites based on the genus Anystis. The family has a cosmopolitan distribution and contains generalist predators found on a variety of habitats.
 Finding Rin Tin Tin is a 2007 Bulgarian–American drama film directed by Israeli filmmaker Danny Lerner.
 Miquihuana rhadiniformis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Miquihuana.
 Michael B. (Mike) Weinstein (born February 6 1949) is an American politician who is currently a member of the Florida House of Representatives representing District 19 which encompasses parts of Jacksonville and surrounding areas.
 Pastria grinpela is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is widespread throughout the Central Cordillera in Papua New Guinea as well as western New Guinea.
 Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs (also known as Ice Age 3: Dawn of the Dinosaurs or simply as Ice Age 3) is a 2009 American 3-D computer animated comedy adventure film and the third installment in the Ice Age series. It was produced by Blue Sky Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox.
 Berthold Konrad Hermann Albert Speer (German: [ˈʃpeːɐ̯] ; March 19 1905 – September 1 1981) was a German architect who was for a part of World War II Minister of Armaments and War Production for the Third Reich. Speer was Adolf Hitler's chief architect before assuming ministerial office. As the Nazi who said sorry he accepted moral responsibility at the Nuremberg trials and in his memoirs for complicity in crimes of the Nazi regime.
 Studzieńczyna [stud͡ʑeɲˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Sternacanthus undatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Oliver in 1795.
 Scarodytes is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Scarodytes halensis (Fabricius 1787) Scarodytes malickyi Wewalka 1977 Scarodytes margaliti Wewalka 1977 Scarodytes nigriventris (Zimmermann 1919) Scarodytes pederzanii Angelini 1973 Scarodytes ruffoi Franciscolo 1961 Scarodytes savinensis (Zimmermann 1933)↑
 The Museu Paulista of the University of São Paulo (commonly known in São Paulo and all Brazil as Museu do Ipiranga) is a Brazilian history museum located near where Emperor D. Pedro I proclaimed the Brazilian independence on the banks of Ipiranga brook in the Southeast region of the city of São Paulo then the Caminho do Mar or road to the seashore. It contains a huge collection of furniture documents and historically relevant artwork especially relating to the Brazilian Empire era.
 Rule #1 is a 2008 Hong Kong horror film directed by Kelvin Tong and starring Shawn Yue Ekin Cheng Stephanie Che and Fiona Xie.
 Kolus Forush (Persian: كلوس فروش‎ also Romanized as Kolūs Forūsh Kaloos Foroosh Kolash Forūsh and Kolosforūsh; also known as Kholūşforūz Kulusferoz and Kulusferush) is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 10 families.
 Lake Rototoa is a lake located at the northern end of the south head of the Kaipara Harbour in the Rodney District of Auckland Region New Zealand. Previously known as Lake Ototoa its name was changed in 2013. With a surface area of 1.623 X 10 m2 and a maximum depth of 26 m it is the largest and deepest of a series of sand-dune lakes found along the western coastline of the North Island.
 The Cigüela or Gigüela is a 225 km long river in Castile-La Mancha Spain tributary to the Guadiana. Its source is near the village Puerto de Cabrejas Iberian System Cuenca Province. The Cigüela along with the Záncara its main tributary is the main water source for the Tablas de Daimiel wetlands.
 Dakar cherche de l'oxygène is a Senegalese 2006 short documentary film.
 Ruslan Sultanovich Aushev (Russian: Русла́н Султа́нович А́ушев; born 29 October 1954 in Volodarskoye Kazakhstan) was the president of Ingushetia from March 1993 to December 2001. He was reportedly the youngest officer in the Soviet army to reach the rank of lieutenant general. He received the Gold Star of the Hero of the Soviet Union on 7 May 1982. Aushev has emerged as Ingushetia's most popular politician having kept peace and stability during the Chechen war.
 That's Life! is a 1986 film with Jack Lemmon and Julie Andrews directed by Blake Edwards.The film was made independently by Edwards using largely his own finances and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. Although Columbia released the film Artisan Entertainment holds the rights to distribute it on DVD.That's Life! was shot in Edwards and his wife Andrews' own beachside home in Malibu and features their family in small roles including two daughters.
 The Grimmrobe Demos is Sunn O)))'s first recorded album and is the most direct representation of its self-proclaimed Earth-worship. It was originally limited to 500 copies by Hydra Head Records but in 2005 Southern Lord Records reissued it on CD and vinyl with a bonus live track.
 You're All I Need is the second studio album by soul musicians Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell released in August 1968 on Motown-subsidiary label Tamla Records.
 The Four Seasons Hotel and Tower also known as the Four Seasons Hotel Miami or simply the Four Seasons Tower is a skyscraper in Miami Florida United States. It is located in Downtown Miami's Brickell Financial District. The tower contains a Four Seasons Hotel office space and several residential condominium units on the upper floors.
 Tatyana Arkadyevna Zhdanok (Russian: Татья́на Арка́дьевна Ждано́к; Latvian: Tatjana Ždanoka) born May 8 1950 in Riga is a Latvian politician and Member of the European Parliament and a co-Chairperson of For Human Rights in United Latvia; part of the European Greens–European Free Alliance group. She was one of the leaders of the Interfront a political organization opposing Latvia's independence from the Soviet Union and market reforms.
 Little Boy Lost is a 1953 American drama film directed by George Seaton and starring Bing Crosby Claude Dauphin and Christian Fourcade. Based on the novel Little Boy Lost by Marghanita Laski the film is about a war correspondent stationed in Paris during World War II and once married to a French girl who was murdered by the Nazis.
 Saladillo is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Stordal Church (Norwegian: Stordal kyrkje) is a parish church in Stordal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Stordal. The church is part of the Stordal parish in the Austre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The church was built in 1907 to replace the Old Stordal Church located about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) to the east. This church was designed by the architect Jens Zetlitz Monrad Kielland.
 The Xtatik Parade is an album by Trinidadian Soca artist Machel Montano and his band Xtatik released in 2004. the album sold more than 10000 copies.
 James Alexander Renwick (November 29 1917 – November 28 1984) was a Canadian politician. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1964 until his death.
 Mrs Ratcliffe's Revolution is a 2007 British comedy drama film directed by Bille Eltringham and starring Catherine Tate Iain Glen and Brittany Ashworth about a British family who move to East Germany in 1968 during the Cold War. It was filmed in Hungary and the United Kingdom (UK) and was released on 9 July 2007 at the Cambridge Film Festival and nationwide in the UK on 28 September.
 The Approach to Al-Mu'tasim (original Spanish title: El acercamiento a Almotásim) is a fantasy short story written in 1935 by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges. In his autobiographical essay Borges wrote about The Approach to Al-Mu'tasim it now seems to me to foreshadow and even to set the pattern for those tales that were somehow awaiting me and upon which my reputation as a storyteller was to be based.
 Me Quedo Sola is the first album by the Mexican singer Paty Cantú launched in 2009.
 Santa Rita Peak is a mountain located in the Diablo Range of California in San Benito County a shorth distance to the west of the Fresno County line and 3 miles (5 km) southeast of San Benito Mountain. Cantua Creek has its source on its northern slope. The San Benito River has its source on its southeastern slopes.
 Catuna is an Afrotropical genus of brush-footed butterflies.
 The peppered tree frog (Litoria piperata) is a species of critically endangered tree frog found in northern New South Wales Australia.
 Xerocrassa claudiconus is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Currency is a 2009 Malayalam crime film by directed by Swathy Bhaskar starring Mukesh Jayasurya Kalabhavan Mani and Meera Nandan.There have been allegations that the film has been inspired from the film The Man Who Copied.
 Arthur Norreys Worthington (February 17 1862 – February 7 1912) was a Canadian physician surgeon soldier and politician.Born in Sherbrooke Canada East the son of Edward Dagge Worthington (1820–1895) Worthington was educated at the Sherbrooke Academy Bishop's College and McGill University. A physician and surgeon he was surgeon to the 53rd Regiment and to the Sherbrooke Protestant Hospital.
 Hyalorisia is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Capulidae the cap snails.
 Sitar-e Mahmud (Persian: سيتارمحمود‎ also Romanized as Sītār-e Maḩmūd) is a village in Sand-e Mir Suiyan Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 495 in 111 families.
 The Classic MotorCycle is a UK motorcycle magazine originally launched in 1981 with six editions a year as a spin-off from UK newspaper-format Motor Cycle Weekly under Editor-in-Chief Mick Woollett at IPC Surrey House Sutton Surrey.Editor and driving-force Bob Currie based at Lynton House Birmingham was historically a senior contributor in the 1960s to Motor Cycle (renamed from The Motor Cycle) with the title of Midland Editor and during the 1970s with the same publication by then using the name Motor Cycle Weekly.Having well-established archival links to The Motor Cycle which itself had origins back to 1903 the first edition was dated June/July 1981.As had occurred with (The) Motor Cycle The Classic Motor Cycle title changed hands several times being originally published by IPC Business Press between 1981 and 1983 then by East Midland Allied Press (EMAP) from 1984. 
 Anthony Tony Albright (born April 2 1962) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota he represents District 55B in the southwestern Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 Mehrdad Oskouei (in Persian مهرداد اسکویی)is an Iranian independent producer director and screenwriter of documentary films and short films and film educator.
 Allendale Mill is a historic mill in North Providence Rhode Island on the banks of the Woonasquatucket River.The mill was built in 1822 by John Holden Greene for Zachariah Allen. The mill had various fire safety devices that were advanced for the time including heavy fire doors sprinkler system rotary fire pumpand copper-riveted fire hose to be used in American textile mills.
 Odd Olsen Ingerø (born 22 September 1950) is a Norwegian civil servant and currently serving as the Governor of Svalbard.He was born in Skjeberg. In 2005 he was appointed director of the National Criminal Investigation Service. He was the Governor of Svalbard between 2001 and 2005. He was succeeded by Sven Ole Fagernæs and was preceded by Morten Ruud. Before this he was chief of police in Sør-Varanger and Fredrikstad.
 Pterocerina pallidibasis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocerina of the family Ulidiidae.
 Yalamanchili Radhakrishnamurthy (died 19 October 2013) known as YRK was an Indian medical doctor and politician belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist).
 Garba Yakubu Lado Danmarke is a Nigerian businessman who became a Member of the House of Representatives (2003–2007) and was elected a Federal Senator in April 2007 for Katsina South constituency of Katsina State as a member of the People's Democratic Party (PDP).
 Robert John Pratt (28 February 1907 – 6 April 2003) was a Canadian architect comedian and politician.Pratt was born in London England; his Irish mother lived in London and his father lived in Montreal. In 1933 he received a Bachelor of Architecture degree from McGill University. A practicing architect Pratt enlisted with the Royal Canadian Hussars during World War II rising to the rank of major.
 Greenville Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic church in Greenville Georgia.It was built in 1836 and added to the National Register on February 5 2002.
 Cream Anthems 97 is a mix album Disc 1 by Nick Warren and Disc 2 by Paul Oakenfold.
 Let the Hustlers Play is the third album by Steady B.
 The Alexander Ramsey House is a historic house museum in Saint Paul Minnesota United States; the former residence of Alexander Ramsey who served as the first governor of Minnesota Territory and the second governor of the state of Minnesota. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969. It is also a contributing property to the Irvine Park Historic District.It is located at 265 Exchange St.
 The Ocean County Mall is a super-regional mall opened in 1976 by Edward J. DeBartolo Corporation located in Toms River New Jersey on Hooper Avenue (County Route 549). The mall is accessible off of Exit 82 of the Garden State Parkway via Route 37 East. The mall is managed by Simon Property Group. The mall has a gross leasable area of 890000 sq ft (83000 m2).The mall is anchored by Boscov's JCPenney Macy's and Sears. It also contains several eateries and a small food court.
 Twyford Down is an area of chalk downland lying directly to the southeast of Winchester Hampshire England. It is situated near the South Downs National Park next to St. Catherine's Hill.
 Roberts Chapel is a historic chapel in Nicholasville Kentucky.It was built in 1845 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Dalray was a notable New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1952 Melbourne Cup and Mackinnon Stakes.He was also famously a ‘certainty’ beaten in the 1952 Sydney Cup. When his owner was quizzed about the defeat he declared Phar Lap got beaten and Bradman got a duck.His career was cut short by injury when he was a four year old and he was retired to stud.
 Bruce McFee (born 1961 Johnstone Renfrewshire) was a Scottish politician. A member of the Scottish National Party (SNP) he was elected to the Scottish Parliament to represent the West of Scotland at the 2003 election. McFee served on the Scottish Parliament's Procedures and Justice 1 Committees.
 Tube Bar Collector's Edition [2-CD Set] is a prank call comedy compilation by the Bum Bar Bastards. This 2 disc album is a compilation of their first two albums Tube Bar (Album) and Tavern Tour. The album was first released on August 1 2004 in a 2 disc set which also included an DVD Video disc. It was later released on January 1 2006 on iTunes and then again on September 1 2007 as a two-CD set.
 Come What May is an American direct-to-video drama film released on March 17 2009 by Advent Film Group. The filmmakers intentionally released it on DVD and not to theaters. George Escobar said Going straight to DVD will allow church groups to become the distributor. The film tells the story of Caleb Hogan who tries to overturn Roe v. Wade in a moot court championship.
 Gulella bomolensis is a species of very small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae. This species is endemic to Tanzania.
 Sunny Spells and Scattered Showers is the second album by Solas released in 1997 on the Shanachie Records label.
 General Tariq Majid (Urdu: طارق مجید; born 23 August 1950; NI(M) afwc fsc(m) psc) is a retired four-star rank general officer in the Pakistan Army who held prestigious four-star assignment as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee from 2007 to 2010 the principle and highest-ranking military officer in the Pakistan Armed Forces.Prior to this promotion he was the field operational commander of X Corps stationed in Rawalpindi.
 The George Washington Hollida House is a brick house built c. 1842 near the village of Scrabble West Virginia United States. The Hollida (pronounced Holiday) House is an example of an I-house with a five-bay front and a four-bay ell extending to the rear with Greek Revival detailing. The property includes several outbuildings and a bank barn. The Hollida house is included in the larger Scrabble Historic District which encompasses the entire village.
 Rufat Aslanli Jabrayil oglu (Azerbaijani: Rüfət Aslanlı Cəbrayıl oğlu; born November 15 1970) also spelled as Rufat Aslanly is an Azerbaijani politician who serves as the Chairman of State Committee for Securities of Azerbaijan Republic.
 The Bächlistock is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Unteraar Glacier in the canton of Bern. Its summit has an elevation of 3247 metres above sea level and is the tripoint between the glacier valleys of Hiendertelltigletscher Bächligletscher and Unteraar.
 Orange County Courthouse is a historic courthouse complex located at Orange Orange County Virginia. It was built in 1858–1859 and is a 1 1/2-story Italian Villa style brick structure. The front facade features a three-part arcade consisting of a semi-elliptical arch flanked by small semicircular arches.
 International Microbiology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Spanish Society for Microbiology; it publishes articles on all aspects of microbiology. The society has published a journal since 1934 (Microbiología Española (1947-1986) and Microbiología SEM (1986–1998) were the predecessors).
 The Reisterstown Road Plaza usually known since its inception simply as The Plaza is a shopping center and mall located near the Reisterstown Plaza Metro Subway Station. Originally built as an outdoor shopping center (with two parallel rows of stores between the original anchors Hecht's and Stewarts) in recent years much of its structure has been converted into an indoor mall and outdoor shopping center with big box stores.
 Varvara Nikolaevna Yakovleva (Russian: Варвара Николаевна Яковлева) (1884 - 1941 or 1944) was a prominent Bolshevik party member and Soviet government official who later supported Leon Trotsky's attempt to democratize the party. She was sentenced to 20 years in prison in 1938 for membership in a diversionary terrorist organization. She was shot in the Oryol Central Prison on either September 11 1941 or December 21 1944.
 Handsell also known as the Webb House is a historic home located at Vienna Dorchester County Maryland United States. It is a late-18th-century Georgian-style manor house. It is a 1 1⁄2-story brick structure over an English basement. The main facade is five bays wide and has a central entrance containing a double door flanked by windows.
 Iisvesi is a rather large lake in Finland. The lake consists of three separate basins: Iisvesi Virmasvesi and Rasvanki. Located within Tervo Rautalampi Suonenjoki and northern Kuopio on a sparsely populated area the waters are generally pretty clear.
 The Saint and Her Fool (German:Die Heilige und ihr Narr) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by William Dieterle and starring Dieterle Lien Deyers and Gina Manès. It was based on a novel by Agnes Gunther and premiered at the Capital am Zoo in Berlin. Art direction was by Andrej Andrejew.
 Mount Haven Hotel is a hotel near the coast on the eastern side of the town of Marazion Cornwall England UK several miles east of Penzance. It is next to Chymorvah House and has panoramic views of St Michael's Mount and bay.The hotel's restaurant has been awarded an AA Rosette and in the summer tables are put out on the terrace which overlooks St Michael's Mount.
 Białopole [bjawɔˈpɔlɛ] (German: Sommerau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogatynia within Zgorzelec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech and German borders. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Bogatynia 31 kilometres (19 mi) south of Zgorzelec and 153 kilometres (95 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Mostly Harmless is a novel by Douglas Adams and the fifth book in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy trilogy. It is described on the cover of the first editions as The fifth book in the increasingly inaccurately named Hitchhikers Trilogy. It was the last Hitchhiker's book written by Adams.
 Bronwyn Jane Pike (born 25 January 1956) is a former Australian politician. She was Minister for Education in Victoria in the Brumby Government and was the Member of Parliament for Melbourne from 1999 to 2012.
 Some Kind of Wonderful is a 1987 American romance film starring Eric Stoltz Mary Stuart Masterson and Lea Thompson. It is one of the several successful teen dramas written by John Hughes in the 1980s although this one was directed by Howard Deutch.
 Colpospira cordismei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Prinzhorn Dance School is the self-titled debut album of the band of the same name. It was released on 13 August 2007 in the UK and 28 August in North America.The album was recorded in a National Trust cottage in Devon and a barn in Sussex before being mixed in New York City with the DFA.
 Tata Sabaya is a stratovolcano in Bolivia. It is located at the northern end of the Salar de Coipasa which lies in the Altiplano. It also lies at eastern end of a line of volcanoes starting with Isluga in the west and continuing with Cabaray. Its last eruption date is unknown but it is assigned to the Holocene due to the youthful appearance of the mountain. Tata Sabaya consists of three separate features.
 The Rubim do Norte River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Hazing is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the October 1942 issue of Thrilling Wonder Stories and reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov. Discussing the story in The Early Asimov the author noted that it is set in the same fictional universe as his earlier stories Homo Sol and The Imaginary but featured different characters. The Hazing was the thirtieth story written by Asimov and the twenty-eighth to be published.
 The Capital Museum (Chinese: 首都博物馆) is an art museum in Beijing China. It opened in 1981 and moved into its present building in 2006 which houses a large collection of ancient porcelain bronze calligraphy painting jade sculpture and Buddhist statues from imperial China as well as other Asian culturesPart of the museum's collections were formerly housed in the Confucius Temple on Guozijian Road in Beijing.
 The Chasseral is a mountain of the Jura Mountains overlooking Lake Biel in the Swiss canton of Bern. With an elevation of 1607 metres above sea level the Chasseral is the highest summit in the canton of Bern outside the Alps. It is also both the northernmost and easternmost mountain reaching over 1500 metres in the Jura Mountains. West of the summit is located the Chasseral Ouest (1552 m) where runs the border with the canton of Neuchâtel. The Chasseral Pass is located further on the west.
 Attack of the Mutant 50ft Kebab is the fourth official studio album (fifth if you count the unreleased Love You More than Football) by Space released as a download on February 28 2014 for PledgeMusic donators and physically released March 17 2014. It is the group's first studio album since their reformation in 2011 and their first studio release overall since 2004's Suburban Rock 'N' Roll.
 Sazlıçayır is a village in the District of Hanak Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Gać [ɡat͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Grudziądz and 50 km (31 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 224.
 Heybatgulu Mammadbayov (Azerbaijani: Heybətqulu Məmmədbəyov) was an Azerbaijani statesman who served as State Controller in the fifth cabinet of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic and was member of Parliament of Azerbaijan.In 1918 Mammadbayov was a member of Azerbaijani National Council which proclaimed independence of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic on May 28 1918.On December 22 1919 when the fifth government under the leadership of Prime Minister Nasib Yusifbeyli was formed Mammadbayov was appointed the State Controller.
 Dobra Voda is a village in the municipality of Modriča Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Cedar Pocket Dam is a dam in southeast Queensland Australia. It provides regulated water supplies along Deep Creek a tributary of the Mary River.
 Griveaudia is a genus of moths of the Callidulidae family.
 Little Long Pond is a 19-acre (77000 m2) pond in Plymouth Massachusetts north of Long Pond and Gallows Pond. The outflow of this pond is a stream that feeds into Long Pond.There is another Little Long Pond partially within Plymouth's borders located east of the southeasternmost point of Myles Standish State Forest.
 Our Ways Back To Chaos is the first EP by the Argentinian band Turpentine (band). It was released on July 2005 and is available online as well as commercially just like their second EP Honey Births A Salt Troupe.
 Ingleborough is the second highest mountain in the Yorkshire Dales at 723 metres (2372 ft). It is one of the Yorkshire Three Peaks the other two being Whernside at 736 metres (2415 ft) and Pen-y-ghent at 694 metres (2277 ft). Ingleborough is frequently climbed as part of the Yorkshire Three Peaks Challenge which is a 24-mile (38-km) circular challenge walk starting and finishing in Horton in Ribblesdale.
 Sparreholm Castle (Swedish: Sparreholms slott) is a castle in Flen Municipality Södermanland County Sweden.
 Chaparral Lake is located in Chaparral Park in west Scottsdale at the northeast corner of Hayden and Chaparral Roads.
 Purjangi (Persian: پورجنگي‎ also Romanized as Pūrjangī) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Stigmella arbatella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is known from Morocco.
 Frege: Philosophy of Language is a book about Gottlob Frege by the British philosopher Michael Dummett first published in 1973 with a second edition in 1981.
 Dave Pine is a member of the San Mateo County Board of Supervisors and represents Supervisorial District 1 which includes the eastern two-thirds of South San Francisco and all of San Bruno Millbrae Burlingame and Hillsborough.
 Sempiternal is the fourth studio album by British metalcore band Bring Me the Horizon. It was released on 1 April 2013 worldwide through RCA a subsidiary label of Sony Music Entertainment and 2 April 2013 in the United States and Canada through Epitaph. It is the first album to feature keyboardist Jordan Fish and was believed to be the last album to feature guitarist Jona Weinhofen.
 In the Best Families (British title Even in the Best Families) is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout first published by the Viking Press in 1950. The story was collected in the omnibus volumes Five of a Kind (Viking 1961) and Triple Zeck (Viking 1974).This is the third of three Nero Wolfe books that involve crime boss Arnold Zeck and his widespread operations (the others are And Be a Villain and The Second Confession).
 Harveya is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Bălteni River is a tributary of the Iminog River in Romania.
 The Augstmatthorn is a mountain of the Emmental Alps overlooking Lake Brienz in the Bernese Oberland.
 John Walker (February 13 1744 – December 2 1809) was a public official from Virginia.Walker was born in Virginia the son of Dr. Thomas Walker. He received private education before attending the College of William and Mary which he graduated from in 1764. He was a neighbor and classmate at William and Mary of Thomas Jefferson and they remained close friends until the elections of 1804-1805. In 1774 he replaced his father as a representative of the House of Burgesses.
 Lake Sacajawea is formed by the Ice Harbor Dam on the Snake River. It stretches from there upstream to the Lower Monumental Dam. It is named for Sacajawea a Shoshone woman who accompanied Meriwether Lewis and William Clark during their exploration of the American West.
 Dark Circle is a 1982 American documentary film directed and produced by Judy Irving Christopher Beaver and Ruth Landy that focuses on the connections between the nuclear weapons and the nuclear power industries with a strong emphasis on the individual human and protracted U.S. environmental costs involved.
 Bakri Hassan Saleh (Arabic: بكري حسن صالح‎) is a Sudanese politician who is the current First Vice President of Sudan. Saleh was appointed to the position on 8 December 2013 as part of a shakeup in the Sudanese leadership following the 2013 Sudanese protests.Saleh took part in the 1989 coup that brought Omar al-Bashir to power and served on the Revolutionary Command Council for National Salvation which governed Sudan following the coup.
 St. Joseph Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Suffield Connecticut United States. Founded on March 12 1916. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
 Something Like an Autobiography (蝦蟇の油 Gama no abura) is the memoir of Japanese film director Akira Kurosawa. It was published as a book in 1981 and the English translation by Audie E. Bock appeared the following year.
 III is the fourth studio album from country music artist Joe Nichols. The album's name is the Roman numeral three. It was his third album to be released on Universal South Records. The album produced Nichols' second Number One hit in Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off as well as the Top Ten hit Size Matters (Someday) and I'll Wait for You.
 The National Superconducting Cyclotron Laboratory (NSCL) is located on the campus of Michigan State University and is the leading rare isotope research facility in the United States. Established in 1963 the cyclotron laboratory is the nation’s largest nuclear science facility on a university campus.Funded primarily by the National Science Foundation and MSU the NSCL operates two superconducting cyclotrons.
 The Officer's Guide to Police Pistolcraft (a sequel to and expansion of the 2007 book Police Pistolcraft) is a 2009 non-fiction book by Michael E. Conti which covers combat-related situations arising in the course of standard law enforcement. Together with Police Pistolcraft it forms the basis for the current pistol training program of the Massachusetts State Police and has been adopted by a range of other law enforcement jurisdictions.
 Euryxanthops cepros is a species of crab found in the Indian Ocean around Christmas Island.
 Dead Children Playing (first edition titled 'Dead Children Playing: A Picture Book') is a picture book by Stanley Donwood and Thom Yorke (under the alias of Dr. Tchock) featuring artwork that has been used on English alternative rock band Radiohead's albums between 1996 and 2003 and on Thom Yorke's album The Eraser. The book also contains works of art that have not previously been released made between 1999 and 2005.
 Acanthanectes is a genus of triplefins in the family Tripterygiidae. It contains two described species at present.
 Orlište (Cyrillic: Орлиште) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Nyhellervatnet is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Hol (in Buskerud county) and Aurland (in Sogn og Fjordane county) Norway. The 16.74-square-kilometre (6.46 sq mi) lake sits at an elevation of 1438 metres (4718 ft) above sea level. The lake is located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southeast of Aurlandsvangen at the end of the valley Aurlandsdalen.
 The Petrilaca River or Teleac River ( Hungarian: Péterlaka-patak meaning Peter's Place Creek ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Julier Pass (Romansh: Pass dal Güglia German: Julierpass Italian Passo del Giulia) (el. 2284 m) is a mountain pass in Switzerland in the Albula Range of the Alps. It connects the Engadin valley with the rest of Graubünden. At its summit the pass crosses the watershed / drainage divide between the basins of the Rivers Rhine and Danube. The Julier Pass lies between Piz Lagrev and Piz Julier.Remains of a Roman temple and cart tracks were found and illustrate its importance in Roman times.
 Ebb Tide is a 1932 British drama film directed by Arthur Rosson and starring Chili Bouchier Joan Barry George Barraud and Merle Oberon.
 The Troika is a three-tower luxury condominium development in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia located at the corner of Jalan Binjai and Persiaran KLCC behind Menara Citibank and Nikko Hotel.Developed by Malaysian property developer Bandar Raya Developments Berhad and designed by Foster and Partners The Troika is currently under construction and will feature three glass-clad towers of varying heights. The three towers will surround a park located in the middle.
 Tabulaephorus sesamitis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in India and eastern Afghanistan.
 Nazrana (Hindi: नज़राना) is a Hindi film starring Rajesh Khanna paired opposite two heroines Smita Patil and Sridevi. The film was directed by Ravi Tandon. The music was given by Laxmikant Pyarelal and lyrics are written by Anand Bakshi. In the film credits its mentioned that this film is dedicated to late Smita Patil. This film had collections worth 2.80 crores in Indian box office in 1987. The critics gave the film 3.5 stars.
 Çakıllı is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 168 people.
 Pornography is the fourth studio album by English alternative rock band The Cure released on 3 May 1982 by the record label Fiction. Preceded by the non-album single Charlotte Sometimes late the previous year Pornography was the band's first album with a new producer Phil Thornalley and was recorded at RAK Studios from January to April.
 Lake Charvak (from Chor bogh four gardens in Persian) (also transliterated as Tcharvak) Uzbek: Chorvoq is a water reservoir in the northern part of Tashkent Province Uzbekistan. The reservoir was created by erecting a 168 m (551 ft) high stone dam (Charvak Hydropower Station) on the Chirchiq River a short distance downstream from the confluence of Pskem Ko'ksu and Chatkal rivers in the western Tian-Shan mountains which provide the main volume of water.
 Camp X is a children's spy novel written by Canadian author Eric Walters. Set in World War II the novel is about brothers Jack and George trying to save a top secret Canadian military base called Camp X which they accidentally discovered after playing a fake game of war.Camp X was first published in 2002 and was followed by several sequels such as Camp 30 Fool's Gold Shell Shocked and Trouble in Paradise.
 Kestel Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it has a population of 262 people.
 Golden Heart Farm is a private residence in the hamlet of Bolton Landing New York in the United States. It served as the art colony of Thomas and Weber Furlong from 1921 to 1962.
 Count Three and Pray is a 1955 CinemaScope western film starring Van Heflin Joanne Woodward (in her film debut) and Raymond Burr. It was based on the story Calico Pony (also the working title of the film by Herb Meadow). It premiered in Woodward's home town Greenville South Carolina at the Paris Theatre.
 I Believe is the fourth studio album by Marvin Sapp and his debut on Verity Records.
 mc chris Goes to Hell is an album by the American rapper mc chris that was released April 20 2010. It is the culmination of three EPs — Part Six Part One Part Six Part Two and Part Six Part Three. The album includes nine of the songs included in the three EPs each one being remixed and remastered along with four new songs and two skits.The album was first available on April 15 2010 during mc chris' show at the Comix comedy club.
 The Eagle Times is a daily newspaper based in Claremont New Hampshire serving the Connecticut River Valley in New Hampshire and Vermont. It was published from the 1970s through July 10 2009 when it shut down. The paper resumed publishing on October 12 2009 under new ownership.The paper circulates in Claremont Charlestown Cornish Newport Plainfield and Unity New Hampshire and Ascutney Springfield Weathersfield and Windsor Vermont.
 Hesar-e Shah Verdi Khan (Persian: حصارشاهورديخان‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Shāh Verdī Khān; also known as Ḩeşār-e Ḩoseynī) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1040 in 258 families.
 Men of San Quentin is a 1942 American film directed by William Beaudine.
 Refried Ectoplasm (Switched on Volume 2) released in July 1995 is a compilation by Stereolab of singles and rarities.
 Rights of Man (1791) a book by Thomas Paine including 31 articles posits that popular political revolution is permissible when a government does not safeguard the natural rights of its people. Using these points as a base it defends the French Revolution against Edmund Burke's attack in Reflections on the Revolution in France (1790).It was published in two parts in March 1791 and February 1792.
 The Anybodies is a fantasy novel by Julianna Baggot aka N.E. Bode. Two sequels were released called The Nobodies and the The Somebodies. It was a 2006 nominee for the Nene Award.
 The Marshall U.S. Post Office also known as Marshall Federal Building and Marshall U.S. Courthouse was built in 1915. It is a Classical Revival building designed by Oscar Wenderoth (supervising architect) and George Shaul.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.It is used as a courthouse by the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas.
 Conspiracy of Hearts is a 1960 British World War II film directed by Ralph Thomas about nuns in Italy smuggling Jewish children out of an internment camp near their convent to save them from the Holocaust. It stars Lilli Palmer Sylvia Syms Yvonne Mitchell and Ronald Lewis and was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Film Promoting International Understanding at the 18th Golden Globe Awards in 1961.
 Don Luis Carrero Blanco 1st Duke of Carrero Blanco Grandee of Spain (4 March 1904 – 20 December 1973) was a Spanish admiral and long-time confidant of dictator Francisco Franco. He was assassinated by members of the group ETA.
 Murray John Cowper is an Australian politician having served in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly since 2005 as the Liberal member for Murray-Wellington.He was born on 25 October 1960 in South Perth. He joined the Western Australian Police in 1978 and served as a police officer in Broome Fitzroy Crossing Halls Creek Dampier Denmark and Australind.
 Slow Rollers is a compilation album of ballads by The Rolling Stones released in 1981. It is a follow-up to the compilation of rock and roll numbers a year earlier called Solid Rock. The main feature is the Italian version of As Tears Go By which sees its first international release with this album. All other tracks were previously released in all markets. This is the last Decca compilation of Rolling Stones recordings.
 Bathycrinicola nacraensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Canterbury's Esk River is a tributary of the Waimakariri River. It rises in the Dampier Range near Esk Head and flows southwest on the western side of the Puketeraki Range to reach the upper Waimakariri some 20 kilometres north of Springfield.Brown and rainbow trout are available in the river but fishing is restricted.
 Godspell (1971 Off-Broadway Cast) is the original cast recording of the Cherry Lane Theatre production of Godspell. It produced a radio hit in the summer of 1972 with Day By Day with Robin Lamont on the lead vocal.
 Superstitionia donensis is a species of scorpion the only species in the genus Superstitionia and the family Superstitioniidae.
 Military Road is a central thoroughfare located in Omaha Nebraska. A segment of the road located at the junction of West 82nd and Fort Streets was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. Today Military Road which begins at Nebraska Highway 64 as Nebraska Highway L-28K ends at Bennington Road near North 204th Street (Nebraska Highway 31).
 Loxostege sticticalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone and Nearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 24–29 mm. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants such as Artemisia vulgaris Beet Chenopodium album and Artemisia campestris. It can become a pest for Sugar beet and Tobacco.
 Ataabad (Persian: عطااباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Aţāābād; also known as Gāvzan-e Torkaman) is a village in Aq Altin Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4526 in 943 families.
 Holtwood Pennsylvania is a village in Martic Township Lancaster County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.Holtwood is the site of the Muddy Run Pumped Storage Hydroelectric Power Plant (172 Bethesda Church Road West Holtwood PA 17532) along the Susquehanna River. It pumps water into a reservoir during off-peak hours and uses that water to generate electricity during peak demand hours; it produces over 1000 megawatts (MW) of power.
 Morris County Courthouse is located in Morristown Morris County New Jersey United States. The courthouse was built in 1827 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 19 1977.
 Renegade's Magic is a book by Robin Hobb the third in her Soldier Son Trilogy.
 Glass Sky (小さなガラスの空 Chiisana Garasu no Sora) is a Japanese manga anthology written and illustrated by Yugi Yamada. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its June imprint on December 12 2007.
 Kehillat Israel or Congregation Kehillat Israel (Hebrew: קהילת ישראל‎) is a Reconstructionist synagogue located at 2014 Forest Road in Lansing Michigan. KI was founded in 1970 by a small group of families who wished to create a fully participatory Jewish experience that would be rich in community and tradition and to establish a superior religious school. In 1982 the congregation purchased and remodeled a Lansing public school building to house the growing membership.
 Chi Girl is a 1999 award-winning film[citation needed] produced directed written by and starring Heidi Van Lier. The film is in a mockumentary style in black-and-white film.Van Lier plays Heather a Chicago woman who thinks that she can sleep with any man simply because all men crave sex. A cameraman tapes her in her quest to get laid. While she's trying (unsuccessfully) to prove her theory about men she's also stalking her ex-boyfriend.
 Christmas Time's A-Comin' is an album of Christmas music released in late 1994 by American country music singer Sammy Kershaw. His first seasonal project it comprises a mix of traditional songs and newly recorded material. The title track a bluegrass holiday standard written by Benjamin Tex Logan charted in 1995 and 1998 on the Billboard country charts respectively reaching #50 and #53 in those years.
 My Truth is the second studio album by Swedish singer Robyn. It was released on May 17 1999 by BMG in Sweden and peaked at #2 on the Swedish Albums Chart.
 Thank You Jeeves! (1936) is a comedy film starring Arthur Treacher and David Niven.Although the film bears the same title as one of P.G. Wodehouse's novels and the two leading characters are Jeeves (played by Treacher) and Bertie Wooster (Niven) the screenplay by Stephen Gross and Joseph Hoffman bears no similarity to any Wodehouse novel.
 Eldora Historic District is a historic district in Eldora Colorado. Other names of the district and/or other historic names of places in the district are Happy Valley Eldorado Camp and 5BL758. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Salyakoti (Persian: سلياكتي‎ also Romanized as Salyākotī) is a village in Natel Kenar-e Olya Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1373 in 336 families.
 William Ballard Bill Hoyt II (died March 25 1992) was a Democratic member of the New York State Assembly from Buffalo from 1975 to 1992. He died of a heart attack suffered during a debate on the floor of the Assembly in the Albany Medical Center. He was first elected to the Assembly in 1974 defeating Republican Albert Hausbeck. Hoyt was also an elected member of the Buffalo Common Council from 1970 to 1974.
 Freedom is eighth full-length studio album by Dragon Ash. It was released on March 4 2009.
 Bad Science: The Short Life and Weird Times of Cold Fusion is book of science history by Gary Taubes about the early years (1989–1991) of the cold fusion controversy. It is not a scholarly work but a popular retelling of the events based on interviews with over 260 people. The book presents a timeline of the events making the case that the cold fusion field has many examples of poorly performed science. The actions of Martin Fleischmann Stanley Pons and Steven E.
 Café Lumière (珈琲時光 Kōhī Jikō) is a 2003 Japanese film directed by Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-Hsien for Shochiku as homage to Yasujiro Ozu with direct reference to the late director's Tokyo Story (1953). It premiered at a festival commemorating the centenary of Ozu's birth. It was nominated for a Golden Lion at the 2004 Venice Film Festival.
 The pale-faced bat (Phylloderma stenops) is a bat species from South and Central America.
 Lengwitz is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Samuel Rotondi (born April 22 1946 in Stoneham Massachusetts) is an American attorney and politician who represented the Fourth Middlesex District in the Massachusetts Senate from 1977 to 1983. He was an unsuccessful candidate for Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts in 1982 and the United States House of Representatives (7th congressional district) in 1984.
 City Tower (formerly the Sunley Building) is a 30-storey skyscraper situated at Piccadilly Gardens in Manchester England. It has the highest office space currently available in Manchester standing 107 metres (351 ft) tall. City Tower was completed in 1965 the Plaza complex was constructed by the developers Bernard Sunley and designed by Covell Matthews & Partners. It is currently the third tallest building in Manchester.
 Ruth Anna Grier (born 2 October 1936) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. She was a New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1985 to 1995 and served as a high-profile cabinet minister in the government of Bob Rae.
 Kalvan (Persian: كلوان‎ also Romanized as Kalvān; also known as Khālwān) is a village in Esfandan Rural District in the Central District of Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 847 in 193 families.
 Days Of Wonder — Live 1976 is a Live Album by the British melodic rock band Magnum. It was released in 2000 by Zoom Club.This album was recorded at The Railway Inn in Birmingham in 1976. It represents one of the first shows by Magnum with original material much of which was not released until Kingdom Of Madness in 1978 and Magnum II in 1979. Although most of their first album Kingdom Of Madness was finished it was not released until 1978.
 Mowtowr-e Khoda Morad Khalqipur (Persian: موتورخدامرادخالقي پور‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Khodā Morād Khālqīpūr) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 15 families.
 Bokanur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Mahagnao Volcano (also known as Kasiboi or Casiboi Volcano) is a dormant volcano located in the municipalities of Burauen and La Paz in the province of Leyte Philippines.
 The Benjamin Van Keuren House Ruin is located at the corner of Bruyn Turnpike and Benjamin van Keuren Drive in the western portion of the Town of Shawangunk in Ulster County New York USA. It was the site of the house built in 1745 by Van Keuren and his wife Sarah early settlers of the area.
 Turbo sparverius common name the corded turban is a species of sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.
 Julián Andrés Domínguez (born November 24 1963) is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician. He served as Minister of Agriculture between 2009 and 2011 and was named President of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies.
 Gil Blas (French: L'Histoire de Gil Blas de Santillane [listwaʁ də ʒil blɑ də sɑ̃tijan]) is a picaresque novel by Alain-René Lesage published between 1715 and 1735. It is considered to be the last masterpiece of the picaresque genre.
 Hail Destroyer is Cancer Bats' second full-length album. It was released on April 22 2008 by Distort Entertainment in Canada and on June 24 2008 by Metal Blade Records in the US.In 2009 Hail Destroyer was reissued in some regions with four bonus tracks (one new song and three cover songs) in addition to a DVD featuring live footage of the Cancer Bats. The bonus tracks were also released separately as an extended play dubbed the Tour EP on June 30 2009.
 Unitarian Memorial Church is a historic church on 102 Green Street in Fairhaven Massachusetts.The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.The Unitarian Memorial Church in Fairhaven Massachusetts was built financed and donated to the Unitarians in 1904 by Henry H. Rogers in memory of his mother Mary Eldredge Huttleston.
 Rao Bahadur Namasivayam Sivaraj (September 29 1892 – September 29 1964) was an Indian lawyer politician and Dalit activist from the state of Tamil Nadu. He served as a Member of the Lok Sabha for Chengalpattu from 1957 to 1961.
 Northgate Mall is a regional shopping mall located off Interstate 85 and Gregson Street (exit 176) in northern Durham North Carolina United States. The mall is in close proximity to Duke University and downtown Durham between the Trinity Park and Walltown neighborhoods.
 The Wichelplanggstock is a mountain of the Urner Alps located near the Susten Pass in the canton of Uri. It lies just south of the Grassengrat where the border with the canton of Obwalden runs.
 Trzciniec [ˈtʂt͡ɕiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kroczyce within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Kroczyce 25 km (16 mi) east of Zawiercie and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 How I Learned to Love the Bootboys is the fourth and final album by British alternative rock band The Auteurs.
 The Fairbanks House (also known as the Maj. George R. Fairbanks House) is a historic site in Fernandina Beach Florida. It was built in 1885 for George Rainsford Fairbanks. R. S. Schuyler was the building's architect. It is located at 227 South 7th Street. On June 4 1973 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It operates as a Bed & Breakfast. Built as a surprise for his wife it was reported not to have gone over well and became known as Fairbanks Folly.
 Pedeh (Persian: پده‎) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 32 families.
 Shadow Kiss is a vampire novel written by Richelle Mead. It is the third novel in the Vampire Academy series and was preceded by Frostbite. The release of the book pushed the Vampire Academy series into the New York Times Best Seller list for the first time making its debut at #4.Shadow Kiss continues the story of the main character Rose Hathaway and her education in becoming a Guardian. Rose knows it is forbidden to love another guardian.
 Parish is a village located in the town of Parish in Oswego County New York United States. The population was 450 as of the census of 2010.
 Édouard Rémillard (January 9 1830 – July 29 1909) was a lawyer and political figure in Quebec. He represented Bellechasse in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from 1861 to 1866.He was born in Saint-Gervais Quebec the son of Adrien Rémillard and Marguerite Boucher. Rémillard was educated at the Petit Séminaire de Québec was admitted to the Lower Canada bar in 1856 and set up practice in Quebec City practising for a time with Christian Pozer.
 The Boian River is a tributary of the Inot River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Huta River
 Płonka-Strumianka [ˈpwɔŋka struˈmjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Craig Maxwell Farrell (born 28 January 1964) is an Australian politician and a member of the Tasmanian Legislative Council representing the seat of Derwent for the Australian Labor Party.Farrell was elected to the Legislative Council in a by-election on 7 May 2011 following the resignation of Michael Aird in 2010. He also served as a councillor and Deputy Mayor of Derwent Valley Council until October 2011 and was an electoral officer in the New Norfolk office of federal MP Dick Adams.
 Dragi Deo is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 62 people.
 Mi querido sobrino is a 1964 Argentine film.
 James Jimmy Deenihan (born 11 September 1952) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He is a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Kerry North–West Limerick constituency and is the Minister for Arts Heritage and the Gaeltacht since March 2011. Deenihan played Gaelic football with Kerry in the 1970s and 1980s. He also played rugby with Garryowen.
 Saxby is a village in Vormsi Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Marzelan-e Mohammad Morad (Persian: مرزلان محمدمراد‎ also Romanized as Marzelān-e Moḩammad Morād; also known as Marzelān) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 27 families.
 Triple Bogey on a Par Five Hole is a 1991 independent criminal comedy film directed by Amos Poe about a couple who rob golfers. It stars Eric Mitchell Daisy Hall Alba Clemente and Jesse McBride. The film notably marked the film debut of Philip Seymour Hoffman who had a minor role in the film. Film Review considered the film to be starkly original and remarked that nobody in the film was innocent.
 Tetrabiblos (Τετράβιβλος) 'four books' also known in Greek as Apotelesmatiká (Ἀποτελεσματικά) 'effects' and in Latin as Quadripartitum 'four parts' is a text on the philosophy and practice of astrology written in the 2nd century AD by the Alexandrian scholar Claudius Ptolemy (c. AD 90–c. AD 168).
 Good Morning Spider is the second album by Sparklehorse.The album’s title came from a sound that Sparklehorse singer-songwriter Mark Linkous once heard from an old pump organ that reminded him of a spider building a web. He was later told about an old folk superstition in which seeing a spider in the morning is an omen for a sad day.
 Antonio Guarco was a politician and statesman who became doge of the Republic of Genoa. Antonio was the son of Nicolò who had been doge from 1378 to 1383. Like his predecessors he suffered from the conflicts between the great families of the nobility. Antoniotto Adorno finally managed to forced Antonio out of office
 Boris Souvarine (born Boris Konstantinovich Lifschitz and also known as Varine; 1895 – 1 November 1984) was a French Marxist communist activist essayist and journalist. Souvarine was a founding member of the French Communist Party and is noted for being the only non-Russian communist to have been a member of the Comintern for three years in succession.
 Bazguy (Persian: بازگوي‎ also Romanized as Bāzgūy) is a village in Nashtifan Rural District in the Central District of Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 24 families.
 The Pirangi River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 Remindstate is the a remixed version of Mindstate the debut album by Dutch Hip-Hop duo Pete Philly and Perquisite. The album was released on January 13 2006 on Epitaph Records.
 15 Firwood Fold is a 16th-century house in Bolton Greater Manchester (grid reference SD732111). It is a Grade II* listed building and according to local tradition is the oldest inhabited house in Bolton.
 Don't Tempt Me (Spanish: Bendito Infierno also known as Sin noticias de Dios in Spanish and No News From God in English) is a 2001 Mexican and Spanish co-production comedy film. The screenplay for the film was written especially for Penélope Cruz and Victoria Abril by the award-winning Spanish writer and director Agustín Díaz Yanes of Nadie hablará de nosotras cuando hayamos muerto.
 Quax der Bruchpilot is a 1941 German film directed by Kurt Hoffmann.
 Śrīsītārāmasuprabhātam (Sanskrit: श्रीसीतारामसुप्रभातम्) (2009) literally The beautiful dawn of Sītā and Rāma is a Saṃskṛta minor poem (Khaṇḍakāvya) of the Suprabhātakāvya (dawn-poem) genre composed by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya in the year 2008. The poem consists of 43 verses in five different metres.A copy of the poem with a Hindi commentary by the poet himself was published by the Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Vikalang Vishvavidyalaya Chitrakuta Uttar Pradesh.
 Nicole A. Avant (born March 6 1968[citation needed]) is a former Ambassador of the United States of America to The Bahamas. She is the youngest and first African-American woman to have served as U.S. Ambassador to the island nation.[citation needed]
 The Well-Spoken Thesaurus by Tom Heehler (Sourcebooks 2011) is an American style guide and speaking aid. The Chicago Tribune calls The Well-Spoken Thesaurus a celebration of the spoken word. The book has also been reviewed in the Winnipeg Free Press and by bloggers at the Fayetteville Observer and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
 The Terror of Blue John Gap is a short story written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It was first published in Strand Magazine in 1910.The story comprises the adventures of a British doctor recovering from tuberculosis who goes to stay at a Derbyshire farm looking for rest and relaxation becomes entrapped in a series of sinister events and is forced to uncover the mysteries surrounding Blue John Gap and the Terror that lurks within it.
 The Dry Awarua River is a river of northern Fiordland New Zealand. It rises in the McKenzie Range and flows south and then westward into the Waiuna Lagoon.A tramping track runs part of the way along the river.
 UCL Partners is an academic health science centre located in London United Kingdom.
 Hasselkopf is a mountain on the southern periphery of Braunlage Germany. It is 612 m high.The hill is mostly covered in grass and undeveloped but its northern slope has a short ski lift and can be used for downhill skiing in the winter months.On 1964-05-07 the hill was used by Gerhard Zucker to demonstrate the use of mail rockets. One exploded in an accident killing three.
 Sir Anthony Richard Barrowclough KCB QC (24 June 1924 – 3 June 2003) was a lawyer who served as Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration and Health Service Commissioner for England Scotland and Wales (Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman).Barrowclough was born with his twin brother Jack in 1924 in Nottinghamshire the son of Sidney Barrowclough a farmer. The family later moved to Kent where Sidney became the proprietor of a dairy business in the outskirts of London.
 Höbecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Smart Studios was a recording studio located at 1254 E Washington Ave in Madison Wisconsin. It was set up in 1983 by Butch Vig and Steve Marker to produce local bands.The studio became famous for producing artists such as Killdozer and Sub Pop artists Tad and eventually Nirvana. In fact the version of their song Polly that appears on their album Nevermind was recorded there.
 Terinebrica chaulioda is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerais).
 The United States Post Office and Courthouse is a historic combined post office and Federal courthouse located in Baltimore Maryland United States. It occupies an entire city block and measures 238 feet 2 inches east-west by 279 feet 10 inches north-south. It is of steel frame construction with concrete floors and tile roof basement of granite and outer walls of white Indiana limestone. The structure is six stories in height and provided with basement and two sub-basements.
 Bjelogorci (Serbian: Бјелогорци) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Shaved and Dangerous is the second studio album by Australian band the Baby Animals released in 1993
 Amara browni is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family.
 Boulder Glacier is located in the U.S. state of Montana in Glacier National Park (U.S.). The glacier is situated to the north of Boulder Peak and west of the Continental Divide. Between 1966 and 2005 Boulder Glacier lost more than 75 percent of its surface area.
 Black Market Music is the third studio album by alternative rock band Placebo. It was released on 9 October 2000 through Hut Records. The album took nine months to record the longest that the band have ever spent recording an album to date. It has sold over one million copies to date.
 The mottled twister Bellapiscis lesleyae is a triplefin of the family Tripterygiidae commonly found around the coast of New Zealand in rock pools and down to depths of about 5 m in reef areas of broken rock. It length is up to 6 cm.
 Rittenhouse is a small lunar crater that is located in the southern part of the Moon's far side. It lies amidst the western outer ramparts of the immense walled plain Schrödinger. To the west is the prominent crater Hale just visible from the Earth along the lunar limb.This is a rounded but not quite circular formation with a slightly boxy appearance. The rim edge is sharply defined and has received little wear from minor impacts.
 Ljubanje (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубање) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia. In the 2002 census the village had a population of 708.
 Mehrabad (Persian: مهراباد‎ also Romanized as Mehrābād) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 7 families.
 Szarłaty [ʂarˈwatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sorkwity 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Mrągowo and 41 km (25 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 The Presentation of Our Lord Chapel is a historic chapel in Nikolai Alaska. The church parish is believed to have been started long before 1915 in the Old Nikolai area and moved because of flooding of the old area.It was built in 1929 as a replacement to a log building that had been constructed on the site in 1915.
 Jezebel is a 1938 American romantic drama film released in 1938 and directed by William Wyler. It stars Bette Davis and Henry Fonda supported by George Brent Margaret Lindsay Donald Crisp Richard Cromwell and Fay Bainter. The film was adapted by Clements Ripley Abem Finkel John Huston and Robert Buckner from the play by Owen Davis Sr.The picture tells the story of a headstrong young Southern woman during the Antebellum period whose actions cost her the man she loves.
 Dr Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar (Bengali: কাকলি ঘোষ-দস্তিদার; born 23 November 1959) is a political leader of West Bengal. She is president of West Bengal Mahila Congress. She is a member of 15th Lok Sabha.
 Second Grand Constitution and Bylaws: Hurqalya is the second studio album by Secret Chiefs 3. It was released in 1998. The remastered version contains the bonus track Zulkifar II.
 The Sella group (German: Sellagruppe Ladin: Mëisules or L Sela) is a plateau shaped massif in the Dolomites mountains of northern Italy. The Sella lies north of the Marmolada and to the east of the Langkofel. The highest peak is Piz Boè at 3151 m (10338 ft) above sea level.The Sella lies between the four Ladin valleys of Badia Gherdëina Fascia and Fodom and is divided between the provinces of South Tyrol Trentino and Belluno.
 The War Within is a 2005 American drama film directed by Joseph Castelo and written by Ayad Akhtar Joseph Castelo and Tom Glynn. Distributed by HDNet Films and released by Magnolia Pictures the film stars Ayad Akhtar Firdous Bamji Nandana Sen and Sarita Choudhury. The War Within premiered at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Divine Madness is the fifth novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore. In this novel CHERUB agents James Lauren and Dana go to Australia to investigate a cult called the Survivors.
 Abernant (1946–1970) was British Thoroughbred racehorse who is considered by many as the greatest British sprinter of the 20th century according to Godolphin Racing. In a racing career which lasted from May 1948 until 1950 he ran seventeen times and won fourteen races. He was the best British two-year-old of 1948 and returned from a narrow defeat in the 2000 Guineas to become the dominant sprinter in England in 1949 and 1950.
 Juan Manuel Villasuso Estomba is a Costa Rican politician writer and civil servant. He is a former member of the National Liberation Party (PLN for its Spanish initials) and a current member of the Citizens' Action Party (PAC for its Spanish initials).
 Christina Lake is a lake located along the Crowsnest Highway in the south-central area of British Columbia known as Boundary Country which separates the Okanagan region from the West Kootenays. It is located 23 kilometers east of Grand Forks just 1 km north of the United States border. The region experiences very hot dry summers which results in July and early August water temperatures averaging in the 23°C (73.4 Degrees Fahrenheit) range.
 The Lisbon Opera House on Main Avenue in Lisbon North Dakota was built in 1889. It has also been known as the J.C.
 The Farmers and Mechanics Building is a historic skyscraper located in West Chester Chester County Pennsylvania. It was completed in 1908 and is a six-story skyscraper building with a basement and penthouse in the Classical Revival style. The top floor once featured a Roof Garden. The exterior is faced in Indiana limestone and yellow hard face brick with terra cotta decorative details.
 Erhard Krack (9 January 1931 – 13 December 2000) was an East German politician and mayor of East Berlin from 1974 to 1990. Born in Danzig he was a member of the Socialist Unity Party (SED). He was also a deputy in the Volkskammer and a member of the Central Committee of the SED.
 Raymond Joseph Ray Broderick (May 29 1914 – August 6 2000) was a United States federal judge and the 24th Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania from 1967 to 1971.
 A Sister of Six is a lost 1916 silent film Western Drama produced by the Fine Arts Film Company and distributed by Triangle Film Corporation. The film was directed by brothers Chester M. Franklin and Sidney Franklin and it starred young Bessie Love.
 Indian News Parade was a cinematic newsreel produced by the Indian government between September 1943 and April 1946. Originally named Indian Movietone News it was produced in response to the Anglo-centric newsreels created by British and American companies. It suffered a poor critical reception and production ceased shortly after the end of World War II.
 Lower Smoky Dome Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County Idaho United States located in the Soldier Mountains in the Sawtooth National Forest. No trails lead to the lake and it is in the Smoky Dome Lakes basin northeast of Smoky Dome which is the highest peak in the Soldier Mountains.
 Christ Episcopal Church is a historic church at 5 Paterson Street in New Brunswick Middlesex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1744 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Corcobara angulipennis is a species of moth of the Erebidae family.
 Kidsguide is a bi-annual magazine serving families in the southern Los Angeles and western Orange County areas. The magazine provides editorial content and directory information for several thousand services for children families and communities. Kidsguide can be found at public libraries YMCAs Boys and Girls Clubs Girl/Boy Scout Offices and various child-friendly establishments throughout the service areas.
 Dobri Dub is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 240 people.
 The Giant of the Dolomites (Italian:Il gigante delle Dolomiti) is a 1927 Italian silent adventure film directed by Guido Brignone and starring Bartolomeo Pagano Aldo Marus and Elena Lunda. It was the last in a series of silent films featuring the peplum hero Maciste but the character was later revived in the 1960s.
 Ferenc Wekler (born October 23 1955) is a Hungarian politician who served as one of the Deputy Speakers of the National Assembly of Hungary from June 18 1998 to September 15 2004. He resigned due to a political scandal. He was replaced by Gábor Világosi.Wekler was a member of the National Assembly of Hungary between 1990 and 2006. He was a member of the Alliance of Free Democrats since 1990.
 Hypotia brandti is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Amsel in 1949 and is known from Iran.
 The Jaracatiá River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 BRW (formerly Business Review Weekly) is an Australian business magazine published by the Fairfax Media group. It regularly compiles lists which rank corporations and individuals according to various criteria similar to Fortune magazine in the United States. BRW provides news and commentary on the economy business and investment in Australia. The magazine reports on successful business strategies investments and entrepreneurialism.
 Shepherd Center is a private not-for profit hospital in Atlanta Georgia. Founded in 1975 the 152-bed hospital is devoted to the medical treatment research and rehabilitation for people with spinal cord injury and disease acquired brain injury multiple sclerosis chronic pain and other neuromuscular problems.
 The Baitul Hameed Mosque (English: House of the Praiseworthy) is the largest Ahmadiyya Muslim mosque in the Western part of the United States with an area of 19000 square feet (1800 m2) sitting on nearly 5 acres (20000 m2). Initially built in 1989 at a cost of $2.5 million entirely from donations of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community it is located east of Los Angeles in Chino California just inside San Bernardino County.
 The Saint Louis Galleria (or St. Louis Galleria) is a shopping mall in the St. Louis suburb of Richmond Heights. The mall is owned and operated by General Growth Properties.
 Nazotoki-hime wa Meitantei (ナゾトキ姫は名探偵♥) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Mayuki Anan. An OVA was released on August 3 2012.
 The Carnegie Library in Parsons Kansas is a building from 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Palmares River is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
 The Romanian Orthodox Cathedral (Romanian: Catedrala Înălţarea Domnului din Vârşeţ) is a cathedral in Vršac Vojvodina Serbia consecrated in 1912.
 Lost and Found (simplified Chinese: 我叫刘跃进; traditional Chinese: 我叫劉躍進; pinyin: Wǒ jiào Liù Yùejìn) is a 2008 Chinese black comedy film and the third feature film directed by Ma Liwen. The film was based on the novel I am Liu Yuejin by Liu Zhenyun and tells the story of a down-on-his-luck migrant cook who loses his life savings while in Beijing. The film is also known by the original Chinese title I am Liu Yuejin.
 Kalinowo [kaliˈnɔvɔ] (German Kallinowen) is a village in Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kalinowo. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Ełk and 144 km (89 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 750.
 The Church of the Sacred Heart is a Roman Catholic church in Hove part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. It is the oldest of Hove's three Roman Catholic churches and one of eleven in the city area. It has been designated a Grade II Listed building.
 On a Sad Sunny Day is the debut album by Arctic Plateau released in 2009 by Prophecy Productions. The artwork was done by Fursy Teyssier from Les Discrets.
 Negeta contrariata is a moth in the Nolidae family. It is found from the Indo-Australian tropics east to Australia (Queensland) and Bismarck Archipelago.Adults are brown with a large white spot near the apex of each forewing.
 Lubomino [lubɔˈminɔ] (German Arnsdorf) is a village in Lidzbark County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lubomino.
 Kłosówko [kwɔˈsufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Przodkowo 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Kartuzy and 24 km (15 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 51.
 Psychosomatic Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal published nine times per year by the American Psychosomatic Society. It covers experimental and clinical studies dealing with various aspects of the relationships among social psychological and behavioral factors and bodily processes in humans and animals. It was established in 1939.The journal is widely cited – the 2010 Impact Factor was 3.974 (11th among 71 psychology journals and 25th among 126 psychiatry journals).
 Captain America: The Winter Soldier – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the film score for the Marvel Studios film Captain America: The Winter Soldier by Henry Jackman which was released by Hollywood Records on April 1 2014.
 55:12 is the first full-length studio album by Virginia-based post-rock band Gregor Samsa released in 2006 on The Kora Records.The album was tracked at the Recorditorium in Richmond engineered by Jason Laferrera and produced by Gregor Samsa. The mix was done by Brian Paulson (Slint Wilco Beck).
 Abashiri Prison (網走番外地 Abashiri Bangaichi) aka A Man from Abashiri Prison is a 1965 Japanese film directed by Teruo Ishii and starring Ken Takakura. It is the first entry in the Abashiri Bangaichi / Abashiri Prison series. Highly successful it was the first hit in the yakuza film genre. It made a star of Takakura and Ishii directed ten more films in the series.
 Linn Boyd (November 22 1800 – December 17 1859) (also spelled Lynn) was a prominent U.S. politician of the 1840s and 1850s and served as Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1851 to 1855. Boyd was elected to the House as a Democrat from Kentucky from 1835 to 1837 and again from 1839 to 1855 serving seven terms in the House. Boyd County Kentucky is named in his honor.Boyd served in the Kentucky House of Representatives after first winning election in 1827.
 Stictane muara is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of mangrove forests along the coast and primary forests. The length of the forewings is about 5 mm for both males and females.
 Różyńsk Wielki [ˈruʐɨɲsk ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Prostki 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Ełk and 116 km (72 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Jay Tibshraeny (pronunciation: /ˈtɪbʃreɪniː/ TIB-shray-nee born in 1954) is a politician former senator in the Arizona Senate and mayor of Chandler Arizona for the second time.
 Yao Mugen (born November 1957) is a former politician of People's Republic of China.
 Opostega chalinias is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1893. It is known from Tasmania in Australia.Adults have been recorded in January.
 John Phillips (November 26 1770 – May 29 1823) was an American politician serving as the first mayor of Boston Massachusetts from 1822 to 1823. He was the father of abolitionist Wendell Phillips.
 Back to Then is the debut studio album released by the singer/songwriter Darius Rucker lead singer of Hootie & The Blowfish. The album was a departure for him as this project was a contemporary R&B album as compared to his group's pop/rock efforts.In 2001 he recorded his first solo album The Return of Mongo Slade for Atlantic Records. However due to contractual changes it was never released.
 High Risk is a 1981 American/Mexican/UK adventure/heist film directed by Stewart Raffill and stars James Brolin Lindsay Wagner Cleavon Little James Coburn Ernest Borgnine and Anthony Quinn.
 The Berliner Illustrirte Zeitung often abbreviated BIZ was a weekly illustrated magazine published in Berlin from 1892 to 1945. It was the first mass-market German magazine and pioneered the format of the illustrated news magazine.The Berliner Illustrirte was published on Thursdays but bore the date of the following Sunday.
 West Kortright Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at 49 W. Kortright Church Road in West Kortright Delaware County New York. It is a wood frame building on a stone foundation surmounted by a broad gable roof. It was originally constructed in 1850 and substantially renovated in 1890s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 T. Mark Mustio is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 44th District and was elected in special election in June 2003.
 Aces Go Places 2 (Chinese: 最佳拍檔大顯神通) is a 1983 Hong Kong action-comedy film directed by Eric Tsang and starring Sam Hui Sylvia Chang and Karl Maka. The film has also been dubbed into English and was released overseas as Mad Mission II.It is a sequel to the 1982 film Aces Go Places.
 Gemmula diomedea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Dr. Audrey Forbes Manley (born 25 March 1934 in Jackson Mississippi) an American pediatrician and public health administrator. She was appointed acting Surgeon General of the United States from 1995 to 1997. From 1997 to 2002 Manley served as President of Spelman College a historically black college for women in Atlanta Georgia. She was the first alumna to be elected president of the college carrying on the legacy of her husband Dr. Albert E.
 Backstage Lensman is a short story by Randall Garrett a parody or pastiche of the Lensman series of E.E. 'Doc' Smith. It was first written in 1949 lost and then rewritten in 1978.Garrett claimed that Doc read the first version of Backstage Lensman and laughed all through the convention.
 Hime-chan's Ribbon (姫ちゃんのリボン Hime-chan no Ribon) is a magical girl manga series created by Megumi Mizusawa that was serialized in Ribon Magazine from August 1990 to January 1994. It was later developed into a 61 episode anime series produced by Studio Gallop that aired from October 2 1992 to December 3 1993. Hajime Watanabe's first project as a character designer was with Hime-chan no Ribbon.
 Dutch Bill Creek is a 6.5-mile-long (10.5 km) north-flowing stream in the hills of western Sonoma County California which empties into the Russian River at Monte Rio about 7 miles (11 km) from the Pacific Ocean.
 Balaxanı-Sabunçu Polis İdarəsi Süvari Qorodovoylarının At Oynatmaları is one of the earliest films ever produced in the Cinema of Azerbaijan directed by Azeri cinema pioneer Aleksandr Mişon. It was released in 1898.The film was shot on 35mm.
 Sun Valley (Chinese: 日光峡谷; pinyin: Rì guāng xiá gǔ) is a 1996 Chinese film directed by He Ping. Along with his film Swordsmen in Double Flag Town Sun Valley is considered one of He Ping's Chinese westerns. The film stars Zhang Fengyi as The Avenger a mysterious hero who arrives at the eponymous valley to await his enemies.Sun Valley was a Chinese-Hong Kong co-production between the China Film Co-Production Corporation Xi'an Film Studio Media Asia and Huanya Film Corporation.
 The Camăr River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Guitar Man is the fifth album released by Bread in 1972.
 Cosmopterix xuthogastra is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Kalimantan.
 The Good Guys is a comic book series that was published monthly by Defiant Comics from November of 1993 until July of 1994. Written by Jim Shooter Jan C. Childress D. G. Chichester and Mike W. Barr the series ran for a total of 9 issues until Defiant ceased publication. It was odd for the time in that its characters were created via a talent search for interesting character concepts.
 Revised Quest for the Seasoned Traveller is a compilation of rare material released by A Tribe Called Quest in 1992.
 Man in the Shadow (1957) is a CinemaScope crime film starring Jeff Chandler Orson Welles Colleen Miller Ben Alexander and John Larch.
 The deBrum House located on Likiep Island of Likiep Atoll in the Marshall Islands is a plantation house that was built by 1888 by Joachim deBrum. Also known as Debrum House it was listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1976.Joachim deBrum was son of Jose deBrum who together with A. Capelle had purchased LikiepAtoll during the 1870s. It was lived in by the deBrum family until the late 1940s.
 Crampton's Gap also known as Crampton Gap is a wind gap on South Mountain in Maryland. The 928 feet (283 m) gap connects Burkittsville in the Middletown Valley to the east with Gapland and Rohrersville in the Pleasant Valley to the west.The gap is the location of Gathland State Park and was the site of the Battle of Crampton's Gap on September 14 1862 during the Maryland Campaign of the American Civil War.
 Environmental Research is a peer-reviewed environmental science and environmental health journal published by Elsevier. The editor in chief is Ellen Silbergeld.
 Qaleh-ye Azizabad (Persian: قلعه عزيزاباد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye ‘Azīzābād; also known as ‘Azīzābād) is a village in Azizabad Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 78 families.
 Takht (Persian: تخت‎) is a village in Sardrud-e Olya Rural District Sardrud District Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1883 in 404 families.
 The Metamora Courthouse State Historic Site is a historic American courthouse located in Metamora Illinois the former county seat of Woodford County. The courthouse was built in 1845 as the governmental center for Woodford County and as a circuit court for the former Illinois Eighth Circuit. The courthouse is best known for being one of only two surviving Illinois circuit courthouses where future U.S. President Abraham Lincoln practiced law.
 Marilyn: The Untold Story is a 1980 television movie about the life of the 1950s sex symbol-movie star Marilyn Monroe.
 L'Équipe (pronounced: [leˈkip] French for the team) is a French nationwide daily newspaper devoted to sports owned by Éditions Philippe Amaury. The paper is noted for coverage of football (soccer) rugby motorsports and cycling. Its ancestor was L'Auto a general sports paper whose name reflected not any narrow interest but the excitement of the time in car racing.L'Auto originated the Tour de France cycling stage race in 1903 as a circulation booster.
 Barry Robert O'Farrell MP (born 24 May 1959) is an Australian politician who was the 43rd Premier of New South Wales and Minister for Western Sydney from 2011 to 2014.
 Love Letters is a play by A. R. Gurney that was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Drama. The play centers on two characters Melissa Gardner and Andrew Makepeace Ladd III. Using the epistolary form sometimes found in novels they sit side by side at tables and read the notes letters and cards – in which over nearly 50 years they discuss their hopes and ambitions dreams and disappointments victories and defeats – that have passed between them throughout their separated lives.
 The Three Marias (Portuguese: As Três Marias) is a 2002 Brazilian-Italian crime drama film directed by Aluizio Abranches. Set in Pernambuco it tells the story of a woman (played by Marieta Severo) who takes revenge on her former lover and his family with the help of her three daughters all named Maria.The film was screened in the HBF Harvest section of the 44th International Film Festival Rotterdam and in the Panorama section of the 52nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 The former Brandreth Pill Factory is a historic industrial complex located on Water Street in Ossining New York United States. It consists of several brick buildings from the 19th century in a variety of contemporary architectural styles. In 1980 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Most of the original buildings succumbed to fire in the 1870s but the oldest a Greek Revival building possibly designed by Calvin Pollard in the 1830s remains.
 The Barker Building a seven-story office building is located at 306 South 15th Street in downtown Omaha Nebraska United States. Built in 1929 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 2 2008. The sons of prominent early Omaha minister Joseph Barker named this building in honor of their father. Architectural firm Allan and Wallace local masters provided the design for this building.
 Herbert Henry Lehman (March 28 1878 – December 5 1963) was a Democratic Party politician from New York. He was the 45th Governor of New York from 1933 to 1942 and represented New York in the United States Senate from 1950 to 1957.
 Sir Denys Ambrose Williams (born 12 October 1929) is a retired Chief Justice of Barbados. He served as an acting governor-general from 19 December 1995 until 1 June 1996.Sir Denys Williams studied at Combermere School and Harrison College in Barbados won a Barbados Scholarship in 1949 and went on to study law at Oxford University subsequently being admitted to the English Bar at the Middle Temple.
 The Hôtel van Eetvelde is a town house designed in 1895 by Victor Horta for Edmond van Eetvelde administrator of Congo Free State. Together with the Hôtel Tassel the Hôtel Solvay and his own House and atelier it was put on the 'UNESCO World Heritage List' in 2000 as the core of epoch-making urban residences Victor Horta designed before 1900. It is located at 4 Avenue Palmerston in Brussels.
 Hotel Torre Catalunya (also full name Gran Hotel Torre de Catalunya) is a skyscraper and hotel in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. Completed in 1970 has 25 floors and rises 100 metres (including mast) and 80 metres without mast. It is located near Barcelona Sants Railway Station Plaça d'Espanya and three other skyscrapers: Edificio Allianz Edificio Tarragona Torre Núñez y Navarro.
 Lake Clearwater is in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand and is subjected to the strong prevailing northwesterly winds. The outlet feeds into the south branch of the Ashburton River / Hakatere. Located in the upper reaches of the Rangitata River a small village of holiday homes also called Lake Clearwater is located between Lake Clearwater and the smaller neighbour Lake Camp.
 William Humberstone (October 20 1836 – April 2 1922) was a politician in Alberta Canada and a municipal councillor in Edmonton.
 Diego Martínez Barrio (25 November 1883 Seville – 1 January 1962) was a Spanish politician during the Second Spanish Republic Prime Minister of Spain between 9 October 1933 and 26 December 1933 and was briefly appointed again by Manuel Azaña after the resignation of Santiago Casares Quiroga on July 19 1936 - three days after the beginning of the Spanish Civil War. From March 16 1936 to March 30 1939 Martínez was President of the Cortes.
 Kozi rog is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Mount Constance is a peak in the Olympic Mountains of Washington and the third highest in the range. It is the most visually prominent peak on Seattle's western skyline. Despite being almost as tall as the ice-clad Mount Olympus to the west Mount Constance has little in the way of glaciers and permanent snow due to the fact that the eastern and particularly the northeastern portion of the Olympics receives far less precipitation.
 The Pnume is the final science fiction adventure novel in the tetralogy Tschai Planet of Adventure. Written by Jack Vance it tells of the efforts to return to Earth by the sole survivor of a human starship destroyed while investigating a mysterious signal from the distant planet Tschai.
 Battle: Los Angeles – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 2011 film of the same name directed by Jonathan Liebesman. It was released on March 8 2011.
 Lindtveit is a village 204 kilometers southwest of Oslo Norway. It is situated just outside the town of Arendal Norway in the county of Aust-Agder.
 Byakuren no Fang (白蓮のファング Byakuren no Fangu) is a Japanese manga series by Yoshihiro Takahashi which was serialized in the magazine Monthly Shōnen Sunday.
 Fine Things also known as Danielle Steel's Fine Things is a 1990 romantic drama television film directed by Tom Moore. The film is based upon the 1987 novel of the same name written by Danielle Steel.
 The Cleveland Museum of Art (CMA) is an art museum situated in the Wade Park District in the University Circle neighborhood on Cleveland's east side. Internationally renowned for its substantial holdings of Asian and Egyptian art the museum houses a diverse permanent collection of more than 43000 works of art from around the world.
 The Cherry Creek Range is a line of mountains Basin and Range faulted in northern White Pine and southern Elko Counties in northeastern Nevada in the western United States. The range runs generally north-south for approximately 50 miles (80 km). The highest point in the range is an unnamed peak (10458 feet 3187 m) located just south of the border between the counties.To the west are Butte Valley and the Butte Mountains while to the east are Steptoe Valley the Schell Creek Range U.S.
 Accomplice is a 1946 black-and-white film. The film from Producers Releasing Corporation (PRC) was shot in four days.
 Hellinsia pectodactylus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Europe (the Iberian Peninsula France Germany Switzerland Sardinia Greece Cyprus and southern Russia) the Canary Islands Kyrgyzstan Afghanistan India and North America (including the Rocky Mountains Oregon Alberta British Columbia Ontario).The wingspan is 19–20 mm.The larvae feed on Solidago virgaurea Aster linosyris and Phagnalon saxatile.
 Budzisko [buˈd͡ʑiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Szypliszki 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Suwałki and 132 km (82 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Joseph Obgeb Jimmy (1951 – 2 February 2004) was a Namibian diplomat. Jimmy was born in Windhoek's Old Location in 1951 and witnessed the forced removal of residents in December 1959 to the new suburb of Katutura. Jimmy attended St. Peters Primary School in Lüderitz and completed his primary education at the Damara-Nama High School in Windhoek. He graduated from the Augustineum High School in Windhoek. He then went into exile to join the armed liberation struggle.
 Sir James William Colvile (12 January 1810 – 6 December 1880) was a British lawyer civil servant and then judge in India and a judge on the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council the court of last resort for the British colonies.
 The Great Northern Tower designed by Assael Architecture is a 72 metres (236 ft) sloped highrise apartment building located on Watson Street in Manchester city centre England. The building was proposed in 2001 and construction began in 2004 with completion in 2007. The total cost of the development was £32800000 and comprises 257 apartments.
 Jade is the third album by the German gothic metal band Flowing Tears. It is their first album after changing their name from Flowing Tears & Withered Flowers. The track Wild Horses is mistakenly listed as White Horses on the album.
 Richard D. Mahoney (born 1952) was the Secretary of State of Arizona from 1991 until 1995. He is currently the director of the School of Public and International Affairs at North Carolina State University effective July 1 2012. SPIA is part of NC State’s College of Humanities and Social Sciences.
 Congregation Adath Jeshurun is a historic synagogue and church at 397 Blue Hill Avenue in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. As the Jewish community of Roxbury gradually moved away its congregation dwindled and in 1967 it was sold to Ecclesia Apostolic. It was purchased by its present owner the First Haitian Baptist Church in 1978.
 Abertillery and District Hospital was a community hospital in Aberbeeg near Abertillery with approximately 91 full and part-time staff. It was latterly operated by the Aneurin Bevan Local Health Board. It was founded in 1922 and closed in 2008.It had 52 beds in three ward areas: Gilbert Strachen Ward had 18 beds providing respite care long-term inpatient care and interim care to patients waiting to move to residential or nursing homes.
 Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead is an absurdist existentialist tragicomedy by Tom Stoppard first staged at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 1966. The play expands upon the exploits of two minor characters from Shakespeare's Hamlet the courtiers Rosencrantz and Guildenstern. The action of Stoppard's play takes place mainly in the wings of Shakespeare's with brief appearances of major characters from Hamlet who enact fragments of the original's scenes.
 Lyces patula is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is endemic to montane central Colombia.
 Park Tower formerly known as SGZ-Hochhaus is a high-rise building in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt Germany. It was built in 1972 as the administrative headquarters of the Südwestdeutschen Genossenschafts-Zentralbank (since 2001 DZ Bank). The then 96-metre high building with a black and silver facade was briefly the tallest skyscraper in Frankfurt.
 Dana Malone (October 8 1857 – August 14 1917) was an American politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1893-94 and a member of the Massachusetts Senate from 1895-96 District Attorney for the Northwest District from 1901-05 and Massachusetts Attorney General from 1906-1911.
 The Luț River ( Hungarian: Luc-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureș River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Van Allen House is located in Oakland Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built around 1740 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24 1973.
 The Club Silverline (Spindasis syama) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South-East Asia.The wingspan is 27–32 mm.The larvae feed on Psidium guajava and Dioscorea batatus.
 Jeffrey Luther Cox known as Jeff Cox (born January 1962) is one of the six judges of the 26th Judicial District Court of Bossier and Webster parishes in northwestern Louisiana.
 The Chesterfield Canal is in the north of England and it is known locally as 'Cuckoo Dyke'. It was opened in 1777 and ran 46 miles (74 km) from the River Trent at West Stockwith Nottinghamshire to Chesterfield Derbyshire. It is currently only navigable as far as Kiveton Park near Rotherham South Yorkshire plus an isolated section near Chesterfield.The canal was built to export coal limestone and lead from Derbyshire iron from Chesterfield and corn deals timber groceries etc.
 Locke (traditional Chinese: 樂居; simplified Chinese: 乐居; Mandarin Pinyin: Lèjū; Jyutping: Lok6geoi1) also known as Locke Historic District is an unincorporated community in California's Sacramento – San Joaquin River Delta built by Chinese immigrants during the early 20th century. It was originally named Lockeport after George Locke who owned the land that the town was built upon at a time when Chinese people were not allowed to own land.
 Thomas Kent Wetherell (born December 22 1945) was an educational administrator and former politician. He served as president of Florida State University (FSU) from 2003 through 2009. His salary ranked among the top 10 public university presidents in the U.S.
 All Haunt's Sound is the second album by the indie pop group The Alice Rose released in 2009.The album was recorded between March and December 2008 with the producer Andy Sharp at Music Lane Studio in Austin Texas.
 Ypsolopha unicipunctella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States including Oklahoma Texas and Arizona.The wingspan is 17-23 mm.The antennae are white dotted with dark brown. The labial palpi on the outside are dark fuscous striated transversely with white. The underside and inside of the second joint are silvery white. The brush is small and the terminal joint is thickened in front with rough scales.
 Campeloma decisum common name the pointed campeloma is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae.
 The Jones Falls is a 17.9-mile-long (28.8 km) stream in Maryland. It is impounded to create Lake Roland before running through the city of Baltimore and finally emptying into the Baltimore Inner Harbor.The Jones Falls valley has a long history in the city of Baltimore as a transportation corridor. The valley of the Jones Falls carries Falls Road the tracks for the Amtrak Northeast Corridor the Jones Falls Expressway (JFX) of Interstate 83 and the Baltimore Light Rail.
 Thomas Burns MLA (born 29 August 1960) is a Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) politician in Northern Ireland.Burns was elected as a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for South Antrim in 2003 and has been an Antrim Borough Councillor since 1997. He is currently the Chairman of his local branch of the SDLP. On 5 May 2011 he lost re-election to the Assembly but was easily returned to the Borough Council.
 Paradisiaque was the third studio album released by MC Solaar in 1997. The album was a departure from his previous work focusing more on the funk style.
 Starina reservoir is a water reservoir in eastern Slovakia Snina District located in the Poloniny National Park. It is the most important source of drinking water in the area built on the headwaters of the river Cirocha. Building started in 1981. 3463 inhabitants were evacuated from 769 dwellings from the 7 following villages (Starina Dara Ostružnica Smolník Ruské Veľká Poľana and Zvala). The total surface of the water reservoir Starina is 240 ha.
 Kosuriće is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Poop: A Natural History of the Unmentionable is a children's book about (animal) poop written by Nicola Davies and illustrated by Neal Layton.
 Jan Henrik Norberger (born 7 March 1975) is an Australian politician. He is the member for the Western Australian Legislative Assembly seat of Joondalup.
 Ubava (Serbian: Убава) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Agelena lukla is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders. It was first described by Nishikawa in 1980. It is primarily found in Nepal.
 Marysinek [marɨˈɕinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 School Psychology Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of Division 16. The journal was established in 1986 and covers topics such as the psychology of education and services for children in school settings. The current editor-in-chief is Shane Jimerson of the University of California Santa Barbara.
 Sonny Side Up is an album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie and the tenor saxophonists Sonny Stitt and Sonny Rollins recorded in December 1957 in New York City. It was released the following year on producer Norman Granz' just launched Verve label.Pianist Ray Bryant bassist Tommy Bryant and drummer Charlie Persip provide the rhythm section.
 Darbeh-ye Gharibi (Persian: دربه غريبي‎ also Romanized as Darbeh-ye Gharībī; also known as Darb-e Gharībī) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 554 in 103 families.
 The Little River is a tributary of the Pleasant River in Columbia Falls Maine. From its source (44°44′16″N 67°44′25″W) the river runs 7.1 miles (11.4 km) south to its confluence with the Pleasant River.
 Follow the Flock Step in Shit is the second studio recording by The Locust. The EP consists of the two tracks that appeared on the split 5 picture disc with Jenny Piccolo as well as the track Red from the Cry Now Cry Later Vol. 4 compilation album. The EP came on a 3 square CD.
 Ashin (Persian: عشين‎ also Romanized as ʿAshīn) is a village in Chupanan Rural District Anarak District Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kheyrabad (Persian: خيراباد‎ also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Ujan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 569 in 113 families.
 Monte Consolino is a mountain in the Serre Calabresi range in the Vallata dello Stilaro of south-western Calabria in southern Italy. Monte Consolino has an altitude of 701 metres (2300 ft).GeographyAt the foot of Monte Consolino feet is the town of Stilo. The town of Pazzano is located nearby between this mountain and Monte Stella. Bivongi is also.
 Hisehope Reservoir is the smallest of a group of three reservoirs located on Muggleswick Common County Durham the others being Waskerley and Smiddy Shaw Reservoirs.The reservoir was completed 1906 and is owned and operated by Northumbrian Water.
 The spinifex hopping mouse (Notomys alexis) also known as the tarkawara or tarrkawarra occurs throughout the central and western Australian arid zones occupying both spinifex-covered sand flats and stabilised sand dunes and loamy mulga and melaleuca flats.The population fluctuates greatly: in normal years it is sparsely distributed and probably confined to sandy country; after rain the population explodes and spreads to other types of habitat for a time.They are mostly seen at night bounding across open ground on their large hind feet with tails extended and the body almost horizontal.
 Phalonidia phlebotoma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Para).
 Antaqucha (Quechua anta copper qucha lake copper lake hispanicized spelling Antaccocha) is a lake in Peru. It is situated in the Apurímac Region Andahuaylas Province San Jerónimo District southwest of the mountain Puka Wanaku (Quechua for red guanaco hispanicized Pucahuanaco).
 Sherman Pass (elevation 9200 ft or 2804 m) is a mountain pass in California on the Kern Plateau in the Sequoia National Forest near the southern tip of the Sierra Nevada.
 Stuart A. Tarr (March 24 1908 – March 29 1997) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the 43rd Mayor of Lynn Massachusetts. Tarr also was a Lynn city councilor chairman of the Lynn School Committee and he served on Lynn's Alcohol and Beverages Commission.
 Zulm O Situm is a 1998 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 Funky Dory is the solo debut album by British pop–dance singer Rachel Stevens. It was released by Polydor Records on September 29 2003 in the United Kingdom. The album was produced by various record producers including Bloodshy & Avant and Richard X. It received a mixed reception from music critics some of whom complimented its surprising diversity charm and relative depth while others though of it to be poorly written produced and forgettable.
 Oyster is an international fashion beauty music and pop-culture title established in Australia in 1994 and published bi-monthly. The magazine features exclusive international fashion editorial interviews and extensive music and art editorial. Oyster showcases the work of leading photographers and young up-and-coming talent from around the world and is renowned for its avant-garde approach to style.Monica Nakata and Jonathan Morris are the publishers of Oyster.
 The Bulletin of the Australian Carnivorous Plant Society was a quarterly periodical and the official publication of the Australian Carnivorous Plant Society. Established in April 1982 as Bulletin / South Australian Carnivorous Plant Society it continued publication until 2003. In a special general meeting of society members in September 2004 it was decided the bulletin would cease publication.
 Amsterdam '08 is a compilation album by German trance producer Markus Schulz.
 Rahmatabad (Persian: رحمت اباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 23 families.
 111 First Street was an artist residency and loft building that developed in the 1980's and is now an approved 52-story skyscraper to be built in the Powerhouse Arts District or WALDO neighborhood of Jersey City. It is designed by Rem Koolhaas and is divided into four vertical rectangular sections that over-hang on the base below as each will be at ninety degree angle to the section below. The building has residences a hotel retail artist lofts and gallery space planned.
 Hum Intezaar Karenge is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Prabhat Roy starring Mithun Chakraborty Padmini Kolhapure Vinod Mehra Jagdeep Shakti Kapoor Vinod Mehra Shafi Inamdar and Dina Pathak.
 The Romance of Tarzan (1918) is a silent black and white action adventure film directed by Wilfred Lucas starring Elmo Lincoln Enid Markey Thomas Jefferson and Cleo Madison. The movie was the second Tarzan movie ever made and is based on Edgar Rice Burroughs' original novel Tarzan of the Apes. It adapts only the second part of the novel the earlier portion having been the basis for the preceding film Tarzan of the Apes.
 The Plague (also known as Clive Barker's The Plague) is a 2006 horror film directed by Hal Masonberg and written by Masonberg and Teal Minton; it was also co-produced by Clive Barker.
 Gornja Tušimlja is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 Thomas Owen Edwards (March 29 1810 – February 5 1876) was a U.S.
 Vivacious Lady is a 1938 American black-and-white romantic comedy film starring Ginger Rogers and James Stewart produced and directed by George Stevens and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The screenplay was written by P.J. Wolfson and Ernest Pagano and adapted from a short story by I. A. R. Wylie.
 Anbarteh-e Sofla (Persian: انبارته سفلي‎ also Romanized as Anbārteh-e Soflá; also known as Anbārteh and Amārateh-ye Soflá) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 6 families.
 Bradley Priory was an Augustinian priory in Leicestershire England.
 The Washington Park Sewage Pumping Station is an historic site at Shipyard Street in Providence Rhode Island.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Prentiss Lafayette Walker (August 23 1917 - June 5 1998) was a farmer businessman and politician. In 1964 he was noted as the first Republican in the 20th century to be elected to the United States House of Representatives from Mississippi. When he ran in 1966 for US senator as an Independent against incumbent Democrat James O. Eastland his support included African Americans from southwest Mississippi who had entered the political process after passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
 Where It All Began is the debut studio album by American country music duo Dan + Shay. It was released on April 1 2014 via Warner Bros. Records. The album includes the single 19 You + Me.
 The Awbury Historic District is a historic area in the East Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania.The district comprises the former summer homes and farms of the extended Cope family who moved to the area starting in 1849.
 Wanda L. Nesbitt is a United States diplomat. A career Foreign Service officer she was appointed United States Ambassador to Namibia on September 24 2010. She was formerly United States Ambassador to Côte d'Ivoire. She is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania.
 Eucrossus villicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Eucrossus.
 Wetware is a 1988 biopunk science fiction novel written by Rudy Rucker. It shared the Philip K. Dick Award in 1988 with Four Hundred Billion Stars by Paul J. McAuley. The novel is the second book in Rucker's Ware Tetralogy preceded by Software in 1982 and followed by Freeware in 1997.
 In Search of La Che is a spoof documentary following music fan John Tavish in his quest to retrace the steps of missing Scottish rock star Roxy La Che.
 Junipero Serra Peak is the highest mountain in the Santa Lucia Mountains of California. It is also the highest peak in Monterey County. It is named after Franciscan Friar Junípero Serra founder of the California Missions.
 The Romance of Yushima (婦系図 湯島の白梅 Onna Keizu Yushima no Shiraume) （おんなけいず ゆしまのしらうめ）aka The White Plum of Yushima is a 1955 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Teinosuke Kinugasa.
 The Rocky River is a 31.0-mile-long (49.9 km) stream in the east-central portion of Middle Tennessee in the United States. It is a tributary of the Caney Fork and is part of the Cumberland Ohio and Mississippi watersheds. The lower portion of the river is part of the reservoir created by Great Falls Dam which is located near the river's confluence with the Caney Fork.
 Colossal Youth (Portuguese: Juventude em Marcha literally Youth on the March) is a 2006 docufiction feature film directed by Portuguese director Pedro Costa. The film was shot on DV in long static takes and mixes documentary and fiction storytelling.
 Chrysallida fischeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple known species within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Pseudosimnia carnea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Futuresport is a made-for-TV movie directed by Ernest Dickerson starring Dean Cain Vanessa Williams and Wesley Snipes. It originally aired on ABC in October 1998 and released on VHS and DVD in March 1999.The movie is set in 2025 and centers on a sport called Futuresport (a combination of basketball baseball and hockey that uses hoverboards and rollerblades that exists since ten years) created as a non-lethal way to reduce gang warfare.
 The Kuwait National Museum is the national museum of Kuwait located in Kuwait City. It was established in 1983 and designed by architect Michel Ecochard.The museum comprises four buildings in a rectangular plan set around a central garden.
 Alucita pygmaea is a species of moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in the northern half of Australia as well as Fiji.The wingspan is about 8 mm.The larvae feed on Canthium oleifolium.
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 16 families.
 The William L. Church House is a historic house at 145 Warren Street in Newton Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built in 1916 and is one of Newton's finest Bungalow-style homes. Its owner William Church was a hydraulic and mechanical engineer.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Won on the Post is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe set against a backdrop of horseracing.It is considered a lost film.
 Biały Dwór [ˈbjawɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Biały Bór 23 km (14 mi) north of Szczecinek and 155 km (96 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 250.
 House Calls is 2006 Canadian documentary film about Mark Nowaczynski a Toronto physician and photographer who makes house calls to elderly patients unable to travel to a clinic or doctor's office. Written and directed by Ian McLeod this National Film Board of Canada production received the Donald Brittain Award for Best Social/Political Documentary Program at the 2006 Gemini Awards.In addition to being one of the few doctors who perform house calls Dr.
 Tower of Babylon is a science fiction novelette published in 1990 by Ted Chiang. It won the 1991 Nebula Award for Best Novelette and was nominated for the 1991 Hugo Award for Best Novelette. The story deals with what the world would have been like if the universe really matched the geocentric model of the old Babylonian cosmology where the earth is in the centre of layers of celestial spheres.
 A Wonderful World is an album by Tony Bennett and k.d. lang released in 2002.It later won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album. In the United States the album achieved gold record status and it reached top 40 in the UK.
 Lacalma albirufalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Lacalma. It was described by Hampson in 1916 and is known from New Guinea and Australia including Queensland.The wingspan is about 30 mm. This forewings are fawn with white speckles while the hindwings are plain brown.
 AnnArbor.com was an online newspaper that covered local news of Ann Arbor Michigan and the surrounding Washtenaw County Michigan. In 2013 AnnArbor.com was transitioned to MLive.com along with Advance Publications other Michigan newspapers and renamed The Ann Arbor News.
 Fort Duffield is a Union American Civil War fort located outside West Point Kentucky. It saw use in 1862 and was abandoned when it appeared that the war would never come near the fort.
 Bendita seas is a 1956 Argentine film.A drama directed by Luis Mottura script by Eliseo Montaine and María Luz Regás based on the theater play by Alberto Novión. The movie was released on March 8 1956.
 Mediterranean black widow European black widow or steppe spider (binomial name Latrodectus tredecimguttatus) is a species of widow spiders in the genus Latrodectus. It is commonly found throughout the Mediterranean region ranging from Portugal to southwest and central Asia hence the name. Specimens from central Asia are also known by the binomial name Latrodectus lugubris; that name however is considered obsolete though it is still commonly found in the literature.
 John Briggs House is a historic home located at Milo Center in Yates County New York. It is a Federal style structure built about 1795.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel & Suites is a 59-floor 256 metre (840 ft) tall skyscraper completed in 2007. This residential and hotel tower is located in Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates and features 261 suites offering choices of 24 spacious studio rooms six one-bedroom 170 two-bedroom and 55 three-bedroom suites as well as six penthouses.
 The Godfather Part III is a 1990 American crime film written by Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola and directed by Coppola. It completes the story of Michael Corleone a Mafia kingpin who tries to legitimize his criminal empire. The film also weaves into its plot a fictionalized account of two real-life events: the 1978 death of Pope John Paul I and the Papal banking scandal of 1981–1982; both are linked with the affairs of Michael Corleone.
 Herichthys pame (Official Register of Zoological Nomenclature: 2A63663-C878-4417-9938-4ADDC0D61284) also known as H.
 The Wolfman is a 2010 American remake of the 1941 classic werewolf horror film of the same name. This film's second half was significantly altered and expanded from the original film's plot. Directed by Joe Johnston the film stars Benicio del Toro Anthony Hopkins Emily Blunt and Hugo Weaving.
 Scientific Review of Alternative Medicine (SRAM) is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Commission for Scientific Medicine and Mental Health. SRAM was established by Wallace Sampson (Stanford University) and Paul Kurtz (Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal).
 Soldier of the Mist is a 1986 fantasy novel by Gene Wolfe published by Tor Books; it won the 1987 Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel and was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel and the World Fantasy Award.The story is presented as the recovered diary of Latro a Roman mercenary who fought for Xerxes at the Battle of Plataea.
 The Gingerbread Girl is a novella by Stephen King that was originally published in the July 2007 issue of Esquire. It was later included in King's Just After Sunset collection in 2008. The Gingerbread Girl was also released as an audiobook read by Mare Winningham by Simon & Schuster Audio on May 6 2008. The title is an allusion to the fairy tale The Gingerbread Boy (also known as The Gingerbread Man).
 The Sierra del Lacandón is a low karstic mountain range in Guatemala and Mexico. It is situated in the north-west of the department of El Petén and the south-east of Chiapas.
 Chamunda is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae. It consists of only one species Chamunda chamunda which is found from Assam to Burma Thailand Laos Peninsular Malaysia and possibly Java.
 Saddle Tramp is a 1950 American western film directed by Hugo Fregonese and starring Joel McCrea Wanda Hendrix and John Russell. The film was made by Universal Pictures and shot in Technicolor.While travelling through Nevada to California Chuck Conner stays with an old friend overnight. When his friend is killed falling from his horse Connor feels a duty to look after his four children. He takes a job on a local ranch but has to conceal his new family from his employer.
 Fresh is a 1994 crime film written and directed by Boaz Yakin in his film directorial debut and produced by Lawrence Bender (seen in a cameo appearance) who was riding the wave of success of Reservoir Dogs. It was scored by Stewart Copeland a member of The Police.Marketed as a hip hop 'hood film Fresh went relatively unnoticed by the public but won critical acclaim.
 Anbarlu (Persian: عنبرلو‎ also Romanized as ‘Anbarlū) is a village in Tazeh Kand Rural District Tazeh Kand District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Zack Hudgins (born December 12 1968) is the State Representative for Washington State's 11th Legislative District. Hudgins worked at Amazon.com as a project manager and program manager with Microsoft before coming to the Legislature. His background includes several years as a campaign manager for various Democratic Congressional candidates.
 Fort Lofti is a village and military base in the commune of Oum El Assel in Tindouf Province Algeria. It is connected to the N50 national highway by a short local road to the northwest.
 Jhola is a Nepali movie based on the story by litterateur Krishna Dharawasi about the Sati culture that was prevalent in Nepali society until the 1920's in which a wife had to immolate herself upon her husband's death typically on his funeral pyre.
 I Think I'll Just Curl Up and Die! is a young adult novel by Rosie Rushton. It is the second book in her Leehampton series. It was first published in 1995 by Piccadilly Press Ltd.
 The Sacrifice (Swedish: Offret) is a 1986 drama film directed by Andrei Tarkovsky and starring Erland Josephson. It was the final film by Tarkovsky who died shortly after completing it.
 Ourika is an 1823 novel by Claire de Duras originally published anonymously.
 The Vinyl Underground is a comic book series published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics created and written by Si Spencer with art by Simon Gane. The title debuted in October 2007 and ran for twelve issues before its cancellation in September 2008.
 Stuart River is a river in Wide Bay-Burnett region of Queensland Australia. The river flows into Boondooma Dam and thence on to the Boyne River a tributary of the Burnett River.The river's catchment is relatively small by Australian standards at just 65 km².
 The Tawapuku River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southwest to join the Awarua River 40 kilometres north of Dargaville.
 The Limpopo River rises in central southern Africa and flows generally eastwards to the Indian Ocean. The term Limpopo is the modified version of the original Sepedi name diphororo tša meetse meaning ″gushing strong waterfalls.″ The river is approximately 1750 kilometres (1087 mi) long with a drainage basin 415000 square kilometres (160200 sq mi) in size. The mean annual discharge is 170 m³/s (6200 cu ft/s) at its mouth.
 The Berry House near Palmer Alaska also known as National Outdoor Leadership School or AHRS Site No. ANC-202 was built in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.It was designed by architect and community planner David Williams.
 The bay whiting Sillago ingenuua is a species of coastal marine fish of the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae. The bay whiting's range extends throughout the west Indian Ocean including northern Australia Thailand India and Taiwan where it inhabits protected waters. It is benthic in nature preying on shrimps polychaetes and molluscs however little else is known of its biology.
 Cyprinion acinaces is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyprinion. This species has two subspecies Cyprinion acinaces acinaces and Cyprinion acinaces hijazi though the validity of the latter is in doubt. If C. a. hijazi is invalid then C. acinaces would be monotypic.
 Bayard Tuckerman Jr. (April 19 1889–April 14 1974) was an American jockey businessman and politician.
 Konrad Knute Solberg (June 25 1874 – January 28 1954) was a Minnesota legislator and the 27th Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota.
 Shadow Boxers is a 1999 documentary film about women's boxing by director Katya Bankowsky that focuses on the pioneering fighter Lucia Rijker and features an original soundtrack by Argentine singer and songwriter Zoel. Shadow Boxers had its international premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival in 1999.
 Shankar Dada Zindabad (translation: Long Live Shankar Dada) is an 2007 Telugu film which is a remake of the 2006 Hindi blockbuster Lage Raho Munnabhai. Rajkumar Hirani the director and co-screenwriter of the Munna Bhai series is one of the screenwriters for this film (along with the Paruchuri Brothers). In addition Dilip Prabhavalkar reprised his role as Mahatma Gandhi.
 The River Yar on the Isle of Wight England rises near the beach at Freshwater Bay on the south coast of the island and flows only a few miles north to Yarmouth on the north coast where it meets the Solent. Most of the river is a tidal estuary. Its headwaters have been truncated by erosion of the south coast.The Yar estuary is part of the Isle of Wight’s Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty which stretches from Freshwater to Yarmouth.
 Perfect Nightmare is a psychological thriller novel by John Saul published by Ballantine Books on August 23 2005. The novel follows the story of teenage Lindsay Marshall who is abducted from her home while her family is in the process of selling it.
 Hasan Salaran (Persian: حسن سالاران‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Sālārān) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District Sarshiv District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 35 families.
 Matsudaira's Storm Petrel (Oceanodroma matsudairae) is a species of seabird in the Hydrobatidae family.It breeds solely in the Volcano Islands in the north-west Pacific Ocean and winters in the Indian Ocean. Its status is insufficiently known.Its common name and Latin binomial commemorate the Japanese ornithologist Yorikatsu Matsudaira.
 John Edward Erickson (March 14 1863 – May 25 1946) was an American politician of the Democratic Party from Montana. He served as the eighth Governor of Montana and as a United States Senator.
 Attack of the 50 Ft. Woman is a 1993 made-for-TV movie based on the 1958 film of the same name. Directed by Christopher Guest and starring Daryl Hannah and Daniel Baldwin the film premiered on HBO on December 11 1993 and was later theatrically released in the UK France and Germany.
 Cameron Lake is at the end of the Akamina Parkway Waterton Lakes National Park Alberta Canada. It is named after Donald Roderick Cameron (1834–1921) a British Royal Artillery captain.The 49th parallel north runs through the southern end of the lake making part of it technically in Glacier County Montana.
 Porte d'Aix (also known as the Porte Royale) is a triumphal arch in Marseille in the south of France marking the old entry point to the city on the road from Aix-en-Provence. The classical design by Michel-Robert Penchaud was inspired by the triumphal arches of the Roman Empire. The Porte d’Aix was initially conceived in 1784 to honour Louis XIV and to commemorate the Peace of Paris (1783) that ended the American war of independence.
 Before They Were Dubz is a Straight-to-DVD documentary film directed by Jessica Grace Mellor that charts the history of British hip-hop group N-Dubz from their early days when they were as young as twelve to the point of their major label signing in 2007 by All Around the World Records. The film features footage recorded during the early years of the band pieced together with interviews from friends and colleagues of the group including Wretch 32 J2K (singer) and Angel.
 English Evangelical Church of the Reformation and Parish House is a historic church complex located at Rochester in Monroe County New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 'Gamma Knife' (or Gamma Knife/Grey Dream) is the fifth album by avant-garde metal group Kayo Dot. The album was self-released independently through Driver's Ice Level Records via Bandcamp on January 4 2012 after a crowdfunding project via Kickstarter and leaving Hydra Head Records. It was recorded live mostly at Brooklyn New York venue Littlefield on October 5 2011 despite also being partially recorded at frontman Toby Driver's residence in late 2011.
 Passion is the ninth studio album by English neo-progressive rock group Pendragon. It was released as a special edition in April 11 2011 on Madfish a division label of Snapper Music and in regular form through Toff Records the band's own imprint. Two packaging formats of the Madfish album exist digi-book and super jewel case both accompanied by a DVD featuring a behind-the-scenes footage titled 'Progumentary' filmed by the band themselves during the recording of the album.
 The Books of Faerie was a series of three mini-series spun off from Vertigo Comics' series The Books of Magic written by Bronwyn Carlton (two series) and John Ney Rieber (one series). It featured characters used predominantly in the parent series - Titania Auberon and Molly O'Reilly - to tell stories set in the realm of Faerie prior to the start of The Books of Magic and later in the present era.
 David Howard Turpin CM FRSC (born 14 July 1956) is a Canadian scholar and the sixth president and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Victoria a university in Victoria British Columbia from 2000 to 2013. This five-year appointment was renewed in 2004 and 2009. Dr. Turpin is a noted Canadian plant biologist and is the author or co-author of over 100 papers and reviews on the topic of plant photosynthesis respiration and nitrogen assimilation.
 The Valea Oilor River is a tributary of the Larga Mare River in Romania.
 Beau-père is a 1981 French comedy-drama film directed by Bertrand Blier. It is about a 30-year-old pianist who has an affair with his 14-year-old stepdaughter after her mother dies in a car accident. The film was entered into the 1981 Cannes Film Festival and received some positive reviews in spite of its controversial subject.
 Michael F. Flaherty Sr. (born September 6 1936) is a former member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and former associate justice of the Boston Municipal Court. A South Boston Democrat he represented the 4th Suffolk district from 1967 to 1991. He was appointed to the Boston Municipal Court by Governor Jane M. Swift in July 2001 and retired in 2006. He is a former attorney who graduated from Boston College and the New England School of Law. He is the father of Michael F.
 Virgin Stripped Bare by Her Bachelors (Oh! Soo-jung) is a 2000 South Korean comedy-drama film directed by Hong Sang-soo. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.It follows the romantic travails of a video producer and a gallery owner and the web of deceit they spin around their relationship.
 Light Years is the seventh studio album by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue. It was released on 25 September 2000 by Parlophone. The album's style was indicative of her return to mainstream pop dance tunes. It received favourable reviews from music critics with some appreciating her fresh new pop roots and dance music.
 Goode Mountain is one of the major peaks of the North Cascades in Washington state. Named for topographer Richard U. Goode of the USGS it is the highest peak located in North Cascades National Park between the Skagit River and Lake Chelan. It is the fourth highest non-volcanic peak in Washington and the twelfth highest summit overall.Goode Mountain is a massive mountain rising over 6000 feet (1800 m) from its footings.
 Engina ignicula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Eva Sámano (May 5 1910 - January 7 1984) was a Mexican educator. She was the wife of President Adolfo López Mateos and First Lady of Mexico from 1958 to 1964.
 Honolulu Hale (originally called the Honolulu Municipal Building) located on 530 South King Street in downtown Honolulu in the City & County of Honolulu Hawaiʻi is the official seat of government of the city and county site of the chambers of the Mayor of Honolulu and the Honolulu City Council.In the Hawaiian language hale (pronounced HAH-leh) means house or building. Honolulu Hale means Honolulu House (although the Hawaiian language word order would be Hale Honolulu).
 The Kukpuk River is a stream about 125 miles (201 km) long in the western North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. It flows generally west from the De Long Mountains across the Lisburne Peninsula to Marryat Inlet on the Chukchi Sea. The river mouth is about 12 miles (19 km) northeast of Point Hope.The Inuit name Kukpak means big river. A late 19th-century variant was Kookpuk.
 Goliath Awaits is a 1981 American television movie originally broadcast in two parts in November 1981 on various stations as a part of Operation Prime Time's syndicated programming. It is about a luxury passenger ship sunk by a torpedo fired by a German U-boat in 1939 that is discovered in 1981 with over 300 survivors and their descendants living in an air bubble in the wreck.
 Don i tison (from Bafia: Town-hill) is the southernmost peak of a mountainous ridge west of Cameroonian city of Bafia. The nearest populated place is Gouife.In the figurative sense Don i Tison means populated peak. This comes probably from the fact that a German military base was located here from March 1911 to September 1912 during the Bafia campaign against surrounded populations Some ruins from this period still remain.
 Potter is a village in Cheyenne County Nebraska in the United States. As of the 2010 census the village population was 337.
 Daniel Ray Dan Coats (born May 16 1943) is the senior United States Senator from Indiana and member of the Republican Party. He was in the United States Senate from 1989 to 1999 retired and then returned in 2011.Born in Jackson Michigan Coats graduated from Wheaton College in Illinois and Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law. He served in the U.S. Army from 1966 to 1968. Before serving in the U.S.
 The Revised Standard Reference Guide to Indian Paper Money is a 2012 book by Rezwan Razack and Kishore Jhunjhunwalla. The book is a comprehensive compilation of facts milestones and other details regarding paper money in India. It was published in India by Coins & Currencies. Kishore Jhunjhunwalla and Rezwan Razack are avid collectors of Indian currency. The book traces the evolution of Indian currency dating back to 1770.
 Schnarrenberg (Stuttgart) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.The Schnarrenberg is a ridge in the north of Stuttgart between the districts of Munster and Zuffenhausen. The main part is on the denunciation of the city district of Münster.At its highest point (316 m above sea level. NN) is the Weather Bureau Stuttgart of the German Weather Service on its slopes is wine grown
 Francesco Profumo (born 3 May 1953) is an Italian engineer and academic who was Italy's Minister of Education from 16 November 2011 to 28 April 2013. He has been President of the National Research Council (CNR) since August 2011 and had previously served as Chancellor of the Politecnico di Torino from 2005 to 2011.
 Variety Girl (1947) is an all-star movie musical produced by Paramount Pictures. Numerous Paramount contract players and directors make cameos or perform songs with particularly large amounts of screen time featuring Bing Crosby. The story revolves around two young girls who exchange identities causing confusion at the Variety Club (show-business charity) and the Paramount studio.
 The Final Solution: A Story of Detection is a 2004 novella by Michael Chabon. It is a detective story that in many ways pays homage to the writings of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and other writers of the genre. The story set in 1944 revolves around an unnamed 89-year-old long-retired detective (who may or may not be Sherlock Holmes but is always called just the old man) now interested mostly in beekeeping and his quest to find a missing parrot the only friend of a mute Jewish boy.
 Prosipho sindemarkae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Hugh Alan Anderson (born September 25 1933) is a former Canadian politician.An insurance broker by trade Anderson was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1974 federal election representing the riding of Comox—Alberni British Columbia.
 Fahrenheit is a tiny lunar crater located in the southeast part of the Mare Crisium. This area of the surface is nearly devoid of impact features of interest. To the east are the Dorsa Harker wrinkle ridges and beyond them is Promontorium Agarum at the edge of the mare. The landing site of the Soviet Luna 24 probe is located about 15 kilometers to the southeast.In the past this crater bore the designation Picard X before being named by the IAU.
 Gothika is a 2003 supernatural horror film directed by Mathieu Kassovitz and written by Sebastian Gutierrez. Halle Berry plays a psychiatrist in a women's mental hospital who wakes up one day to find herself on the other side of the bars accused of having murdered her husband.The film was first released on November 21 2003 in the United States. At the time of its release Gothika was the most successful film from Dark Castle Entertainment with $141.6 million.
 Synemon is a genus of moths within the family Castniidae. It was described by Doubleday in 1846. The genus contains 24 described and 20 undescribed species.
 Joseph-Célestin Nadon (January 11 1899 – December 17 1953) was a Canadian provincial and federal politician.He entered politics as a municipal counsellor in Maniwaki from 1928 to 1934 and was mayor from 1935 to 1939. In 1939 he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Gatineau. A Liberal he was re-elected in 1944 and was defeated in 1948. In a 1949 by-election he was elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the riding of Gatineau.
 Axonoceras is a genus in the ammonitid family Nostoceratidae proposed by Stephenson in 1941 for slender shells coiled in a plane with numerous closely spaced ribs and two rows of ventral nodes'...The shells may be closely coiled though not involute but most... are more or less loosely and irregularly coiled. Shells may be coplanar or coiled in a low flat spiral with the early whorls in contact later whorls free.
 Mallipudi Mangapati Pallam Raju (Telugu: మల్లిపూడి మంగపతి పళ్ళంరాజు) (born 24 January 1962) is an Indian politician and the current Union Minister for Human Resources Development in the Central Government. He is a member of the 9th 14th and 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Kakinada constituency of Andhra Pradesh and is a member of the Indian National Congress.
 Computerra (Russian: Компьюте́рра) was a Russian computer weekly publication. The first edition was released on December 21 1992 and was published by C&C Computer Publishing Limited (Computerra Publishing House).
 The Chief Scouts' Advance Party Report was a publication produced in 1966 by The Boy Scout Association in the United Kingdom intended to modernise the Scout Movement. The report was attempting to address falling numbers within the Movement.
 Agarathirunallur is a village in the Kudavasal taluk of Tiruvarur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Giuliani Time is a 1999 documentary film by Kevin Keating about Rudy Giuliani former Mayor of New York City.The Village Voice called the documentary an incisive portrait of power seizure and class combat as it was performed by the numbers on the municipal level. The film contains several archival segments as well as interviews with Village Voice writer and unauthorized Giuliani biographer Wayne Barrett and radio journalist Doug Henwood.The documentary's title is a reference to a phrase that police officers allegedly uttered to Abner Louima when they tortured him in a Brooklyn police precinct house. 
 Srikant Kumar Jena (born 18 June 1950) is an Indian politician hailing from Ratnagiri Distt. Jajpur Odisha. He is currently the Minister of State(Independent charge) in the Union Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Chemicals & Fertilizers and Statistics & Programme Implementation He represents the Balasore parliamentary constituency in the 15th Lok Sabha.	He had been elected as MLA in Odisha Legislative Assembly three times between 1977 to 1989.
 Lucinda Cindy Rosenwald is a Democratic member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives representing the Hillsborough 22nd District since 2004. In the 2006 elections when the Democrats took over the state house Cindy was one of two freshman representatives to be placed in leadership. She is currently the vice-chair of the House Finance Committee.
 Eudonia ianthes is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Lanai and Hawaii.
 In this Burmese name Thakin is an honorific.Thakin Mya (Burmese: သခင်မြ pronounced: [θəkʰɪ̀ɴ mja̰]; 7 October 1897 – 19 July 1947) was a Burmese lawyer and politician who served as the Minister of Home Affairs in Myanmar's pre-independence government. Mya and six other cabinet ministers (including Prime Minister Aung San) were assassinated on 19 July 1947 in Yangon. July 19 is commemorated each year as the Martyrs' Day in Myanmar.The Thakin Mya Park in Yangon is named after Thakin Mya.
 Tim Key. With a String Quartet. On a Boat. is a comedic poetry album written by and starring Tim Key and co-starring Tom Basden. The album is intended to be Key reading out his poems with the accompaniment of a string quartet but actually it primarily features Key and Basden who is nicknamed Lord constantly arguing with each other.
 The Triumph of the Sun is a novel by Wilbur Smith set during the Siege of Khartoum. Smith himself said the following about the novel:That incident had all the elements of a great story setting because you have the captive characters who are having to interact with each other because there is no escape – siege conditions. Also the river. I’m fascinated by the great rivers of Africa. Played against that was a sort of island setting in the desert.
 Sorrow is the debut EP by the Norwegian doom metal band The 3rd and the Mortal
 Michenia is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae endemic to North America from the Pliocene through Pleistocene 24.8—4.9 mya existing for approximately 19.9 million years.
 It's Good To Be Alive is the second album by D. J. Rogers.
 Eagle Mountain Lake is a freshwater lake in North Texas. The lake was created by damming the West Fork of the Trinity River and sits below Lake Bridgeport and above Lake Worth (Texas). The lake dam was finished on October 24 1932. In 1965 the District voters (Tarrant Regional Water District) approved a bond issue to allow the District to install improved controlled spillways. It is a relatively popular attraction.
 Borówna [bɔˈruvna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica Murowana within Bochnia County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Lipnica Murowana 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Bochnia and 46 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Woolen Mills Chapel is a historic chapel located at 1819 E. Market Street in Charlottesville Virginia. The Late Victorian building was constructed in 1887.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Randy Law is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives representing the 64th District for one term in the Ohio 126th General Assembly.
 The World of the Partridge Family was a compilation by The Partridge Family. This was their only 2-record set as well as their last release on the Bell label featuring 20 songs from the previous albums (except Christmas Card and Crossword Puzzle) including all their charted hits. Shortly after this release which did not chart Bell Records was sold and renamed Arista. The album was renumbered as Arista 4021 but no new copies were printed.
 The dwarf lake turkana robber (Brycinus minutus) is a species of fish in the Alestidae family. It is endemic to Lake Turkana in Kenya.
 ARIEL (エリアル Eriaru) (which stands for All a-Round Intercept and Escort Lady) is a mecha anime OVA series. ARIEL is also known as The ARIEL Project.
 East and West (Toshiko Akiyoshi and Charlie Mariano) is a jazz album recorded in Tokyo in 1963 and released on the Victor (Japan) label. A slightly different version was released by Nippon Columbia titled Toshiko - Mariano Quartet (in West Side).
 Buckingham Lake commonly referred to as Buckingham Pond or Rafts Pond is a body of water located in a residential area of Albany New York. It has a surface area of 5 acres (20000 m2) and a mean depth of three feet. The lake is adjacent to Buckingham Lake Park a small recreation area with picnic tables and playground equipment. Three fountains help aerate water during the warmer months while ice-skating often takes place on the lake's frozen surface during the winter.
 Belushi: A Biography is an oral history biography of John Belushi written and collaborated by John's widow Judith Belushi Pisano and co-author Tanner Colby with an introduction by Dan Aykroyd.
 Roel Clark Campos (born 1949) is a Hispanic-American business lawyer. He served as Securities and Exchange Commissioner between 2002–07 and is now a partner with the law firm Locke Lord LLP. Campos was named to President-elect Barack Obama's economic advisory board and was considered a possible successor to current SEC chairman Christopher Cox.
 Muddat is a 1986 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by K. Bapaiah starring Mithun Chakraborty Jayapradha Padmini Kolhapure Kader Khan Ashok Saraf and Asrani.
 The Forgotten Planet is a science fiction novel by Murray Leinster. It was released in 1954 by Gnome Press in an edition of 5000 copies. The novel is a fix-up from three short stories The Mad Planet and The Red Dust both of which had originally appeared in the magazine Argosy in 1920 and 1921 and Nightmare Planet which appeared in Science Fiction Plus in 1953.
 The Homo Handbook: Getting in Touch with Your Inner Homo: A Survival Guide for Lesbians and Gay Men was published in 1996 by Simon & Schuster's Fireside Books imprint. Written by comedian Judy Carter the self-help book for the LGBTQ community was the 1996 winner of the Lambda Literary Award for Best Humor Book. The book is a humorous guidebook that addresses issues such as coming out dating and dealing with discrimination.
 Elvis starring Elvis Presley is United States television special that aired on December 3 1968 on the NBC television network. The special is commonly referred to as the '68 Comeback Special because of subsequent developments in Presley's career but the soundtrack album was released simply as NBC-TV Special.
 Kalemler Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat Antalya Province Turkey.
 Lac Nère is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 2309 m its surface area is 0.02 km².
 Alvin C. Bush (born January 22 1924) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Mohamed Toihiri (born 20 August 1955) was the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for Comoros (also accredited as ambassador to the United States Canada and Cuba) between 2007 and 2012.
 The Pilișca River is a tributary of the Recoltiaș River in Romania.
 Ode to John Law is the second studio album by Scottish blues band Stone the Crows.
 Cupidesthes ysobelae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda Tanzania (from the western part of the country to the Mpanda area) and possibly the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Kuppe is a mountain in the Harz that lies north of Sankt Andreasberg in the district of Goslar in the German state of Lower Saxony. It is 729 m high and is connected to the Jordanshöhe in the west.
 Cochylimorpha tamerlana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Transcaspia and Turkmenistan.
 Çalıpınar is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Shofry Abdul Ghafor (born 21 October 1958) is a Bruneian diplomat who served as Permanent Representative of Brunei Darussalam to the United Nations.He was educated at the University of East Anglia (BA Development Studies) and at the Australian National University (MA International Studies). He joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Diplomatic Service Department in 1981 and was appointed Permanent Representative of Brunei Darussalam to the United Nations in 2002.
 Banya Bashi Mosque (Bulgarian: Баня баши джамия Banya bashi dzhamiya; Turkish: Banya Başı Camii) is a mosque in Sofia Bulgaria built by the architect and civil engineer Mimar Sinan
 Sir Thomas George Roddick (July 31 1846 – February 20 1923) was a Canadian surgeon medical administrator and politician born in Harbor Grace Newfoundland
 Writer's Block is a cover album released by the melodic hardcore band Evergreen Terrace in 2004. It contains mostly covers of songs that influenced the band. The band wrote this in their CD:Yeah we know this isn't our new album. This is just a bunch of covers that we suckered Eulogy into putting out... Hope you enjoy them as much as we do. Roll Deep. - 01/04
 Panique celtique is the debut album recorded by French hip hop act Manau. It was released in July 1998. It achieved success in France and Belgium (Wallonia) where it hit respectively #1 for several weeks and #2.
 Qeshlaq-e Hajj Hashem-e Neysar (Persian: قشلاق حاج هاشم نيصر‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj Hāshem-e Neyşar; also known as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājjī Hāshem and Qeshlāq-e Ḩājjī Hāshem-e Naşīr) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 Gierzhagener Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 For the Union Dead is a book of poems by Robert Lowell that was published by Farrar Straus & Giroux in 1964. It was Lowell's sixth book.Notable poems from the collection include Beyond the Alps' (a revised version of the poem that originally appeared in Lowell's book Life Studies) Water The Old Flame The Public Garden and the title poem which is one of Lowell's best-known poems.
 Oddball Hall is a 1991 comedy film directed by Jackson Hunsicker who also wrote the screenplay. It stars Don Ameche Burgess Meredith and Bill Maynard. It was released direct-to-video and has received negative reviews from critics.
 Out of the Shadows is a 2012 documentary produced by Sullivan Entertainment. The documentary features Dr. Joris Dik as he works toward re-attributing ‘Portrait of an Old Man with a Beard’ as a Rembrandt painting. The results of the process documented in the film were announced on December 2 2011 as the Rembrandt Research Project classified the ‘Old Man’ as a Rembrandt. The film is narrated by Donald Sutherland.
 Pink in Red is Bonnie Pink's first live album released under the Pinxter label on August 6 2003.
 Jansen is lunar crater in the north part of the Mare Tranquillitatis. It is located to the east-southeast of the crater Plinius. The rim of Jansen is low and narrow with a notch along the western edge. The interior is relatively level which may indicate it has been covered by lava.
 Crabhouse Priory was a medieval monastic house in Norfolk England.The Priory of St Mary the Virgin and St John the Evangelist was a House of Augustinian Nuns founded in the late 12th Century on the west bank of the Great Ouse between King's Lynn and Downham Market in the County of Norfolk.The Priory was dissolved during the reign of Henry VIII and most of the monastic buildings were partially demolished during the next 20 years.
 István Pásztor (Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈiʃtvaːn ˈpaːstor]; Serbian: Иштван Пастор Ištvan Pastor; born 20 August 1956 in Novi Kneževac) is an ethnic Hungarian politician in Serbia. He graduated from the Novi Sad Law School. Currently Pásztor is chairman of the Alliance of Vojvodina Hungarians party and president of the Assembly of Vojvodina.
 Kahzadvand (Persian: كهزادوند‎ also Romanized as Kahzādvand) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 5 families.
 The Berkeley Tribe was a radical counterculture underground newspaper published in Berkeley California from 1969 to 1972. It was formed after a bitter staff dispute with publisher Max Scherr split the nationally known Berkeley Barb into new competing underground weeklies.
 Chariaspilates formosaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in swampy areas from Europe to Japan.The wingspan is 38–43 mm for females and 31–37 mm for males. Adults are on wing primarily in June and July. Sometimes a second generation may occur which is known as C. formosaria f.autumnalis. Adults of this generation are on wing in September or October.The larvae feed on Myrica gale Lysimachia vulgaris and Caltha palustris.
 The Queen's Necklace is a novel by Alexandre Dumas that was published in 1849 and 1850 (immediately following the French Revolution of 1848). It is loosely based on the Affair of the Diamond Necklace an episode involving fraud and royal scandal that made headlines at the court of Louis XVI in the 1780s.
 Madame Curie is a 1943 biographical film made by MGM. The film was directed by Mervyn LeRoy and produced by Sidney Franklin from a screenplay by Paul Osborn Paul H. Rameau and Aldous Huxley (uncredited) adapted from the biography by Eve Curie. It stars Greer Garson Walter Pidgeon with supporting performances by Robert Walker Henry Travers and Albert Bassermann.
 Manasterz [maˈnastɛʂ] (Ukrainian: Манастир Manastyr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązownica within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Jarosław and 49 km (30 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 712.
 Pico Bonpland is Venezuela's third highest peak at 4883 metres above sea level. It is located in the Sierra Nevada de Merida in the Venezuelan Andes of (Mérida State). The peak with its sister peak Pico Humboldt and the surrounding páramos are protected by the Sierra Nevada National Park. The name of the peak is in honor to Aimé Bonpland although he never visited the Venezuelan Andes.The glaciers located in the Bonpland were the result from Merida glaciation in the Pleistocene.
 John Little (April 25 1837 - October 18 1900) was a U.S.
 The Back River (Jamaica) is a river of Jamaica.
 Chee Soon Juan (simplified Chinese: 徐顺全; traditional Chinese: 徐順全; pinyin: Xú Shùnquán born 20 July 1962) is a Singaporean politician and political activist.
 Razzle is a British soft porn magazine founded in 1983 published by Paul Raymond Publications. It currently focuses on the girl-next-door style pornography offering cash for any photos of readers' wives printed; in the past however several notable glamour models were featured including minor celebrity Joanne Guest. It also includes the traditional true stories.There was an earlier UK men's magazine of the same title that dates from the 1930s to the late 1950s.
 Mazraeh Mahmudian (Persian: مزرعه محموديان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh Maḥmūdīān) is a village in Miyan Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Jajrom County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lexington (March 17 1850 – July 1 1875) was a United States Thoroughbred race horse who won six of his seven race starts. Perhaps his greatest fame came however as the most successful sire of the second half of the nineteenth century; he was the leading sire in North America 16 times and of his many brood mare and racer progeny one was Preakness namesake of the famous race at Pimlico.He was a bay colt bred by Dr.
 Al Fawwārah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Back Porch Bluegrass is the debut album by bluegrass quartet The Dillards. Dooley and Deulin' Banjo were both released as singles.
 Eatonina kitanagato is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cingulopsidae.
 The Reinhardswald is a range of hills up to 472.2 m above sea level and covering an area of over 200 km² in the Weser Uplands in the district of Kassel Hesse (Germany). Of this 183 km² are part of the unparished area known as Gutsbezirk Reinhardswald.The Reinhardswald – home to countless myths and legends like the Grimm's Fairy Tales – is renowned country-wide especially for the Sleeping Beauty castle of Sababurg.
 Saw VI is a 2009 Canadian-American horror film directed by Kevin Greutert from a screenplay written by Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan. It is the sixth installment in the seven–part Saw franchise and stars Tobin Bell Costas Mandylor Betsy Russell Mark Rolston Peter Outerbridge and Shawnee Smith.
 Nigel S. Wright (born May 18 1963) is a Canadian businessman and lawyer.
 Neil Leonard Charles Batt AO (born 14 June 1937) Australian politician is a former Tasmanian government minister Deputy Premier and Member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. A member of the Australian Labor Party he was leader of the party in Tasmania and Leader of the Opposition from 1986 to 1988.
 Boris Karlovich Pugo OAN (Latvian: Boriss Pugo Russian: Бори́с Ка́рлович Пу́го) (February 19 1937 – August 22 1991 in Moscow) was a hardline Soviet Communist political figure.Pugo was born in Kalinin Russian SFSR (now Tver Russia) into a family of Latvian communists who had left Latvia after Latvia was proclaimed as an independent country in 1918.
 Janette L. Garin is a Filipino politician in the Philippines House of Representatives. She is the Representative of the 1st District of Iloilo and former provincial board member of Leyte. She is a member of Lakas CMD and a physician. She is the wife of Iloilo board member and former town mayor Oscar S. Garin Jr.As a policymaker she h focused on various health issues such as curbing fraud in Philhealth and amending the Physician’s Act among others.
 The Western Carpathians are a mountain range and geomorphological province that forms the western part of the Carpathian Mountains. The mountain belt stretches from the Low Beskids range of the Eastern Carpathians along the border of Poland with Slovakia toward the Moravian region of the Czech Republic and the Austrian Weinviertel. In the south the North Hungarian Mountains cover northern Hungary. The area of the Western Carpathians comprises about 70000 km².
 Soong Tse-ven or Soong Tzu-wen (Chinese: 宋子文; pinyin: Sòng Zǐwén; December 4 1891 – April 26 1971) was a prominent businessman and politician in the early 20th century Republic of China. His father was Charlie Soong and his siblings were the Soong sisters. His Christian name was Paul but he is generally known in English as T. V. Soong. As brother to the three Soong sisters Soong's brothers-in-law were Dr. Sun Yat-sen Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek and financier H. H. Kung.
 Adventures in Dinosaur City is a 1991 television film directed by Brett Thompson.
 Tarnation is a 2003 American documentary film by Jonathan Caouette. The film was created by Caouette from over 20 years of hundreds of hours of old Super 8 footage VHS videotape photographs and answering machine messages to tell the story of his life and his relationship with his mentally ill mother Renee.Tarnation was initially made for a total budget of $218.32 using free iMovie software on a Mac.
 Esio Trot is a 1990 children's novel written by Roald Dahl and illustrated by Quentin Blake.
 The Sea Lion is a 1921 American silent film adventure directed by Rowland V. Lee. The same staff on this film produced Rowland Lee's previous directed film Blind Hearts released just before The Sea Lion.
 Juan José Lucas Giménez (Burgo de Osma 10 May 1944) is a Spanish attorney professor and politician in the People's Party.
 Into The Blue 2: The Reef is an American action film and a sequel to the 2005 film Into the Blue. It was directed by Stephen Herek and had a DVD release on April 21 2009. However it only shares similar themes and situations as Into the Blue and none of the cast from the original film return.
 Anomoeotes nuda is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is known from Africa.
 Franny and Zooey is a book by American author J. D. Salinger which comprises his short story Franny and novella Zooey /ˈzoʊ.iː/. The two works were published together as a book in 1961 having originally appeared in The New Yorker in 1955 and 1957 respectively.
 Loop (ループ Rūpu) is the third in the series of Ring novels by Koji Suzuki.The story revolves around a simulated reality exactly the same as our own known as the Loop: created to simulate the emergence and evolution of life. It is in this alternate universe that the events of the previous novels Ring and Spiral took place.
 The Chocolate War is a 1988 American drama film based on Robert Cormier's novel of the same name about a young man who rebels against the ingrained hierarchy of an elite Catholic school. It was the directorial debut of Keith Gordon and stars John Glover Ilan Mitchell-Smith Wallace Langham and Doug Hutchison. Jonathan D. Krane produced it after seeing Static a short film Gordon wrote.
 Instant Karma: The Amnesty International Campaign to Save Darfur is a compilation album of various artists covering songs of John Lennon to benefit Amnesty International's campaign to alleviate the crisis in Darfur. The album and campaign is part of Amnesty International's global Make Some Noise project.
 The Brent Reservoir (popularly called the Welsh Harp) is a reservoir which straddles the boundary between the London boroughs of Brent and Barnet and is owned by British Waterways. The reservoir takes its informal name from a public house called The Welsh Harp which stood nearby until the early 1970s. It is the only Site of Special Scientific Interest in Barnet and Brent. The reservoir is fed by the Silk Stream and the River Brent and its outflow is the River Brent.
 Brown Eye Evil Eye (also known as Smedje Oko Zlo Oko) is a 1967 film starring Hugh Griffith Rosemary Nicols Ron Thompson and directed by Robert Angus.
 Established in 1952 the Second Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University (KMU) (昆明医科大学第二附属医院) is a large general hospital in the capital of Yunnan Province China. It is among the 100 best general hospitals of China and is the center for both human organ transplant and burn treatment in Yunnan. It is the first certified resident training center in Yunnan started in 2006.
 Closia giadae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal devoted to the study of neglected tropical diseases including helminth bacterial viral protozoan and fungal infections endemic to tropical regions. PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases is abstracted and indexed in PubMed and the Web of Science.
 X-Men: Regenesis is a comic book branding used by Marvel Comics that ran through the X-Men family of books beginning in October 2011 following the end of the X-Men: Schism miniseries. This realignment of the mutant population is ahead of the 2012 Marvel Comics event Avengers vs. X-Men which begins during Regenesis with the mini series Avengers: X-Sanction and brings back Cable who was previously thought to be dead following the events of Second Coming.
 Constance H. Connie Williams is a former American politician. A Democrat she served in the Pennsylvania State Senate representing the 17th District from 2001 to 2009. She previously represented the 149th District in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1997 to 2001.
 Euterebra scalariformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Awayland is the second studio album by Irish indie folk band Villagers released on January 11 2013 on Domino Records. Co-produced by band members Conor O'Brien and Tommy McLaughlin the album was preceded by the single Nothing Arrived.Like its predecessor Becoming a Jackal (2010) the album has been nominated for the Mercury Prize.
 Mesocyanophrys is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 The Hawaiian Bean Leafroller (Omiodes monogona) is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai Oahu Molokai Maui Lanai and Hawaii. It was first cited as possibly extinct by the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service in 1994. It was listed as extinct by the Hawai‘i Biological Survey in 2002 but was rediscovered later in 2003.The larvae feed on Canavalia galeata Dolichos lablab Erythrina monosperma garden bean Mucuna gigantea and Strongylodon lucidum.
 Disco Blood is the fifth album by the band Dorso.
 Varietease is a 1954 American burlesque documentary film and the first such directed by Irving Klaw. According to its plot the iconic pin-up model Bettie Page performs a burlesque show alongside Lili St. Cyr Chris La Chris Vicki Lynn Bobby Shields and others.
 Velashjerd (Persian: ولاشجرد‎ also Romanized as Velāshjerd; also known as Vāl Shāgerd and Wāla Shāgird) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District Qolqol Rud District Tuyserkan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1348 in 286 families.
 The Gold Coast Railroad Museum (reporting mark GCOX) is located in Miami Florida.
 The Victoria County Court House is an historic building in Baddeck Nova Scotia.
 Kunchanapalli or Kunchanapalle is a village of Tadepalli mandal in Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh India. It is located beside the Krishna River to the south and Tadepalli to the west. Around 5 km. from Vijayawada.
 Razbin (Persian: رازبين‎ also Romanized as Rāzbīn; also known as Razian) is a village in Mojezat Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1076 in 226 families.
 Races of Eberron (ISBN 0-7869-3658-4) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 The Broken Bones is an EP by the band MxPx released in 2000.The EP is a 7 red vinyl record that plays at 331⁄3 RPM.It was released under A&M records in 2000 before the release of the album The Ever Passing Moment. The EP was manufactured and distributed in the US by Universal Music and Video Distribution Inc.
 Downtown Richwood Historic District is a national historic district located at Richwood Nicholas County West Virginia. The district includes 51 contributing buildings in the central business district of Richwood. They consist of mostly two and three-story masonry commercial buildings from the late 19th and early 20th century. They have storefronts on the first floor and house on the upper floors. Notable buildings include the U.S.
 Seven Second Surgery is the debut album by Canadian pop punk band Faber Drive. It was released on May 1 2007 under 604 Records.24 Story Love Affair and Sex and Love from Faber Drive's previous EP were added onto Seven Second Surgery.
 Joseph Joe Oliver PC MP (born May 20 1940) is a Canadian politician and Member of Parliament currently serving as the Minister of Finance. He was elected to the House of Commons in the 2011 federal election and represents the electoral district of Eglinton—Lawrence as a member of the Conservative Party.
 The Château de La Coste is a ruined castle in the commune of Grézels in the Lot département of France.The castle exhibits military architecture of the 14th and 15th centuries. It was restored at the end of the 16th century after it was ruined in 1580 during its capture by Protestant troops. Originally a simple watch tower the square plan castle is flanked by two massive square towers in the west and two round towers in the east.
 Lissy Gröner (born on 31 May 1954 in Langenfeld) is a German politician and since 1989 Member of the European Parliament with the Social Democratic Party of Germany part of the Socialist Group and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on Culture and Education and its Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality.She is a substitute for the Committee on Budgets substitute for the Delegation for relations with the countries of South Asia and the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC).
 Henry Saunders House is a historic home located near Windsor Isle of Wight County Virginia. The house was built about 1796 and is a 1 1/2-story three bay Georgian style frame dwelling. It has a gable roof with dormers and a one-story side wing. Also on the property are four additional contributing buildings and one contributing structure.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Chad Brock is the eponymous debut album of country music artist Chad Brock. Released in 1998 (see 1998 in country music) on Warner Bros. Records Nashville the album produced three chart singles for Brock on the Billboard country charts between 1998 and 1999. In order of release these were Evangeline (#51) Ordinary Life (#3) and Lightning Does the Work (#19).
 Café Racers is a studio album by Kim Carnes released in 1983 (see 1983 in music).The album spawned three chart singles in the United States Invisible Hands You Make My Heart Beat Faster (And That's All That Matters) and I Pretend which charted on various Billboard charts.
 Black Joy is a British film released in 1977 directed by Anthony Simmons. The story of an immigrant country boy in Brixton London. It was entered into the 1977 Cannes Film Festival.The film is a lightly ironic British culture-clash comedy. Trevor Thomas heads the cast as a Guyanese youth who is under the delusion that life will be easier for him in London. No sooner does Thomas set foot in England than he gets tangled up in one disaster after another.
 The Truce (Spanish: La tregua) is a 1974 Argentine film directed by Sergio Renán and co-written with Aída Bortnik based on the eponymous novel by Mario Benedetti. It was the first Argentine film to be nominated for an Academy Award (the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film).
 Sir John Reginald Gorman CVO CBE MC DL (born 1 February 1923 Omagh County Tyrone Northern Ireland) was between 1998 and 2003 an Ulster Unionist Party MLA for North Down and one of the tiny number of Roman Catholics to be elected as a Unionist representative in Northern Ireland.
 Das wandernde Bild is a 1920 German film directed by Fritz Lang. The film is also known as The Moving Image and The Wandering Image.
 Newborn is the eighth album by James Gang released in 1975 and the only released on Atlantic Records.Guitarist Tommy Bolin and singer Roy Kenner left the band and were replaced by guitarist Richard Shack and vocalist Bubba Keith. This album is notable for being perhaps the most boogie-based James Gang release and for featuring a cover of the Elvis Presley classic Heartbreak Hotel.
 Sir Neil Elliott Lewis KCMG (27 October 1858 – 22 September 1935) Australian politician was Premier of Tasmania on three occasions. He was also a member of the first Australian federal ministry led by Edmund Barton.
 Richard Edmund St Lawrence Boyle 9th Earl of Cork KP PC (19 April 1829 – 22 June 1904) styled Viscount Dungarvan between 1834 and 1856 was a British courtier and Liberal politician. In a ministerial career spanning between 1866 and 1895 he served three times as Master of the Buckhounds and twice as Master of the Horse.
 Ljubčo Georgievski (Macedonian: Љубчо Георгиевски Bulgarian: Любчо Георгиевски; born January 17 1966 in Štip SR Macedonia then Yugoslavia) was the 3rd Prime Minister of the Republic of Macedonia former Vice President and one of the founders of modern Macedonia. He founded the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization - Democratic Party for Macedonian National Unity and was the first party president from 1990 to 2003.
 Stephen Turner House is a historic house at 187 Seekonk St. in Norfolk Massachusetts.The house was built in 1712 and added to the National Historic Register in 1979.
 The Bath Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge over the Ammonoosuc River off US 302 and NH 10 in Bath New Hampshire. The bridge built in 1833 by the town of Bath has a span of over 390 feet (120 m) and a roadbed that is just over 22 feet (6.7 m) wide. The bridge consists of four spans supported by Burr trusses.
 Following a 10-year tenure with their record labels funk band The Brand New Heavies released two greatest hits albums titled Trunk Funk a wordplay on the band's long standing elephant logo.
 Micah Z. Kellner (born December 5 1978) is an American politician from the state of New York. A Democrat he is currently a member of the New York State Assembly from the 76th district which includes Manhattan's Upper East Side and Roosevelt Island (map) serving a term until December 31 2014. In September 2013 he lost the primary election for the Democratic nomination for the New York City Council seat for the 5th District by about 1000 votes to attorney Ben Kallos.
 Sphodros abboti also known as Purseweb spider is a species of spiders from a family of Atypidae that can only be found in Florida United States.
 Darcy's Story by Janet Aylmer was one of the first novels published after the success of the BBC One serial of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice in 1995.Published in England in 1996 the novel tells the story from Mr. Darcy's point of view. In 2006 the novel was published by HarperCollins in the USA. Author Janet Aylmer has since published a sequel Dialogue with Darcy on Kindle.
 Ilısu is a village in the District of Göynücek Amasya Province Turkey.
 William Pleydell-Bouverie 5th Earl of Radnor PC (19 June 1841 – 3 June 1900) styled Viscount Folkestone from 1869 to 1889 was a British Conservative politician. He served as Treasurer of the Household under Lord Salisbury between 1885 and 1886 and again between 1886 and 1891.
 Mollalar-e Mohammadreza Kandi (Persian: ملالارمحمدرضاكندي‎ also Romanized as Mollālār-e Moḩammadreẕā Kandī; also known as Mollālar) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Zabalius apicalis is a species of katydid.
 Onward Muslim Soldiers: How Jihad Still Threatens America and the West published in October 2003 is a nonfiction book by Robert Spencer. Spencer described the book as an in-depth study of the doctrine of jihad and how it is exploited today by terrorists to justify what they’re doing and to recruit and motivate new terrorists.
 Polypterus is a genus of freshwater fish in the bichir family (Polypteridae) of order Polypteriformes. The type species is the Nile bichir (P. bichir). Fishes in this genus live in various areas in Africa (as the species' common names would indicate). The etymology of the genus name derives from a combination of the Greek prefix πολυ- poly- (many) and the root word πτερον pteron (wing or fin) – many fins. Polypterus is the only discovered vertebrate to have lungs but no trachea.
 Cham Mehr-e Bala (Persian: چممهربالا‎ also Romanized as Cham Mehr-e Bālā; also known as Chambīr Cham-ī-Mīr Cham-ī-Shīr and Cham Mehr) is a village in Jayedar Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 649 in 142 families.
 Bijna een dubbele moord in Lutjebroek is a 1920 short Dutch silent film directed by Harry Waghalter.
 Crisanta Duran is a legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado. Elected to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Democrat in 2010 Duran represents House District 5 which encompasses part of northwest Denver.
 The Making of Pump is a video and DVD documentary about the making of the Pump album by Aerosmith. It also features interviews with the band.
 Another Country is a play written by the English playwright Julian Mitchell. It premiered on 5 November 1981 at the Greenwich Theatre London and transferred to the West End in March 1982. The play has developed a strong connection with Oxford Playhouse which revived the play in 2000 in a new production directed by Stephen Henry (transferred to the Arts Theatre Westminster from September 2000 until January 2001).
 Nachavule (Telugu: నచ్చావులే) is a 2008 Telugu film directed by Ravi Babu and produced by Ramoji Rao. The film starred Tanishand Madhavi Latha in the lead roles.
 The Grass Crown is the second historical novel in Colleen McCullough's Masters of Rome series.The novel opens shortly after the action of The First Man in Rome. Gaius Marius and Lucius Cornelius Sulla eat dinner together with their wives and discuss the threat presented by Mithridates VI of Pontus and Tigranes II of Armenia.
 Everytime We Touch is the debut album from German Eurodance group Cascada consisting of DJ Manian Natalie Horler and Yanou first released on March 24 2006. Recording sessions for the album took place during Fall of 2004 to January 2006 most of which was recorded after the third single from the album Everytime We Touch rose to popularity. It took only three weeks to record. The entire album was produced by the two disc jockeys from Cascada Yanou and DJ Manian.
 The Princess Diaries Volume VII and 1/2: Sweet Sixteen Princess is a young adult book in the critically acclaimed Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot it was released in 2005 by Harper Collins Publishers and is the third novella in the series.[citation needed]
 The Journal of Marketing Education is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers on marketing education. The editor-in-chief is Douglas J. Lincoln (Boise State University). It was established in 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Lunático is the third album by Gotan Project. It was released in 2006 by the Paris-based ¡Ya Basta! records run by Philippe Cohen Solal. The album is named Lunático after the racehorse of legendary tango master Carlos Gardel.The album features a collaboration with the American band Calexico recorded in Tucson Arizona and a cover of the Ry Cooder song Paris Texas.
 Afra Koti-ye Hajj Ahmad (Persian: افراكتي حاج احمد‎ also Romanized as Āfrā Kotī-ye Ḩājj Aḩmad) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Astronautilia based on the Czech Wikipedia entry Ἰωάννης Πυρεῖα = (Jan Křesadlo) 'Ποιήτοῦ άδήλου ΆΣΤΡΟΝΑΥΤΙΛÍΑ ἢ ἡ Μικροοδυσσεία ἡ κοσμική' - An unknown poet's Starvoyage or Small Space Odyssey (1994) is the supreme literary work of poet and writer Jan Křesadlo one of the most unusual works of twentieth century Czech literature.It was published shortly after his death as a commemorative first edition.
 The Grindieș River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Titus Peak at 10110 feet (3080 m) above sea level is the seventh highest peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Blaine County. It is located about 0.6 mi (0.97 km) southeast of Lower Titus Peak and northeast of Saviers Peak. No roads or trails go to the summit.
 Shadows of Memories (Serbian: Senke uspomena) is a 2000 Yugoslav drama film directed by Predrag Velinovic. It was entered into the 22nd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Playgirlz (promoted as AFTERSCHOOL 1st Japan Tour -PLAYGIRLZ-) is the first Japan nationwide concert tour by South Korean girl group After School. The tour is to promote their first Japanese studio album Playgirlz and their fourth Japanese single Lady Luck/Dilly Dally.
 For the Sluch River in Belarus or Northern Sluch see Sluch River (Belarus).The Sluch or Southern Sluch (Ukrainian: Случ Russian: Случь Южная Случь Polish: Słucz Slovak: Sluč Jižní Sluč) is a river a right tributary of the Horyn River which flows through Ukraine. It has a length of 451 km and a drainage basin of 13800 km².
 Michaelsberg (Cleebronn) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 One World Trade Center (also 1 World Trade Center or 1 WTC dubbed the Freedom Tower during initial basework) is the name of two buildings. It most commonly refers to the primary building of the new World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan New York City and the tallest skyscraper in the Western Hemisphere.
 Popowo-Południe [pɔˈpɔvɔ pɔˈwudɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Pit of the Serpent is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard. It was originally published in July 1929 issue of Fight Stories.The story is now in the public domain.
 Mazghu (Persian: مازغو‎ also Romanized as Māzghū) is a village in Isin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 9 families.
 Flinzbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Troy Balderson is the state Senator for the 20th District of the Ohio Senate. Formerly he was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives. He is the chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. He is a Republican.
 Nowosiółki [nɔvɔˈɕuu̯kʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Philip Mayer Kaiser (July 12 1913 – May 24 2007) was a United States diplomat.
 Late Starter is the fourth solo album by Mike Harrison best known as a principal lead vocalist of Spooky Tooth. Released in 2006 it is Harrison's first solo album in over thirty years following the release of Rainbow Rider in 1975. According to one reviewer This is an album haunted by unspoken promises and soulful regret where hearts are betrayed by love's sweet delusion and sinners pray for forgiveness delivered in a voice to shatter the strongest of hearts.
 1000° was a German electronic dance music magazine and web portal. It was first published in August 1995. With a circulation of about 26000 copies it quickly became the most influential techno club guide in Eastern Germany. Print editions appeared until 2001. It began online portal functions as Der Clubguide in 1996 lasting until 2005. The main contributors were André Quaas Udo Israel Mark Busse Mario Adolphson and Sabrina Walte.
 Nice Dancer (1969-1997) was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Radio Jah Jah is a 2004 studio album by The Hobos. It was the follow-up to their previous studio album Flashback Mornings. Radio Jah Jah is a special release for the band in that it is a double album with one CD featuring original material written by the band’s spiritual leader Rolands Ūdris and the other disc compiled from various covers done by the band.When asked to comment on the title of the album singer Rolands Ūdris replied: Radio Jah Jah is the radio that plays in our heads.
 Freedom is the second studio album by English singer-songwriter Rebecca Ferguson and was released on 2 December 2013 in the United Kingdom a day after the release of the album's lead single I Hope. The album received positive reviews from critics praising her vocals and movement away from her soul-influenced debut album Heaven into a more R&B club-orientated sound.
 Tun Endon Mahmood Ambak (24 December 1940 – 20 October 2005) was the first wife of the 5th Prime Minister of Malaysia Tun Abdullah Ahmad Badawi. She died from breast cancer on 20 October 2005.
 Billy is the fifth album of noise rock band feedtime released in 1996 through Amphetamine Reptile Records. It was the band's first album after they went on hiatus in 1989.Tom Hazelmyer founder and owner of Amphetamine Reptile named Billy one of his favourite releases.
 Igli Cara is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.
 Man Alive is the fourth full-length album by the Israeli punk rock band of the same name. It was released February 26 2008 on B& Recordings in the United States and Europe.
 Schmutzige Euros 2 (German for Dirty Euros 2) is the second collaborative album of King Orgasmus One & Godsilla.
 The Cágado (Turtle) is a river in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. It is a left bank tributary of the Rio Paraibuna and thus a sub-tributary of the Paraiba do Sul. It is 101 kilometres (63 mi) long and drains an area of 1082 square kilometres (418 sq mi).The river rises in the Serra da Mantiqueira in the town of Chácara and passes through Bicas Juiz de Fora Pequeri Guarará and Mar de Espanha to its mouth on the Rio Paraibuna between the cities of Santana do Deserto and Chiador.
 Enya is the soundtrack album of the 1987 BBC documentary series The Celts. It is also the debut solo album of Enya an Irish singer pianist and composer.The album was later reissued and remastered as The Celts in 1992.
 Life as a House is a 2001 American drama film produced and directed by Irwin Winkler. The screenplay by Mark Andrus focuses on a man who is anxious to repair his relationship with his ex-wife and teenaged son after he is diagnosed with terminal cancer.
 The World's Number One Flat-Out All-Time Great Stock Car Racing Book is a non-fiction book on early stock car racing written in 1973-1974. It was first published in 1975 by Doubleday.The book revolves around the 1972 Southern 500 weekend at Darlington Raceway in Darlington SC with historical pieces and driver interviews in between.In the 20th Anniversary Edition introduction Bledsoe notes that the first edition barely sold enough to cover the publishing and marketing costs.
 Sycacantha is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Abbas Khan (Persian: عباس خان‎ also Romanized as ʿAbbās Khān; also known as Meleh Gāv) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 40 families.
 Zavreliella is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
 Josiomorphoides dognini is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The Enchanted Castle is a children's fantasy novel by Edith Nesbit first published in 1907.
 Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Depot is a historic train station located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina. It was built in 1928 by the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad and is a long rectangular one-story gable-roofed frame board-and-batten building. It features the wide overhanging eaves and is in the American Craftsman style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Budzyń [ˈbud͡zɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liszki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Liszki and 12 km (7 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 350.
 Time to Grow is the second studio album by English soul/R&B singer Lemar. The album has been certified double platinum by the BPI.
 Brand New Day is an album by the band Blood Sweat & Tears released in 1977. This was the band's tenth studio album and their first and only release for ABC Records. Brand New Day was produced by Roy Halee and former BS&T drummer Bobby Colomby. Colomby and Halee had also co-produced the group's fourth album Blood Sweat & Tears 4 in 1971.
 Robat Hadireh (Persian: رباطحديره‎ also Romanized as Robāţ Ḩadīreh) is a village in Fariman Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 25 families.
 Dargeh-ye Gholam Ali (Persian: درگه غلامعلي‎ also Romanized as Dargeh-ye Gholām ‘Alī; also known as Darkeh-ye Gholām ‘Alī) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 27 families.
 Wish I'd Kept A Scrapbook: A Tribute to Tullycraft is a 2010 tribute album to the pioneering indiepop / twee band Tullycraft.The album released on Unchikun Records features cover versions ofsongs written by Tullycraft performed by a number of artists including: Math and Physics Club TheSmittens Bunnygrunt Hot Lava Darren Hanlon & Rose Melberg and many others. The album was compiled by Lee Grutman from the band LA Tool & Die and was a labor of love for all of the bands involved.
 Frederick James Jim Hawkes (born June 21 1934) is a former Canadian politician.
 The Continent of Circe (1965) is a book of essays written by Indian author Nirad C. Chaudhuri that was winner of the Duff Cooper Prize for 1966. In this book Chaudhuri discusses Indian society from a socio-psychological perspective commenting on Hindu society from Prehistory to modern times.
 The Jaidon River is a tributary of the Turia River in Romania.
 Austrocordulia leonardi is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae. It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Nathaniel Bishop Collins House is a historic home located at Berkshire in Tioga County New York. It is a two-story five-bay center hall Federal style house built of brick above a stone foundation. The house was built about 1830. Also on the property is a contributing mid-19th-century carriage barn a lean-to shed and an early 20th-century chicken house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Nyelv (Northern Sami: Ođđajohka) is a small village in Nesseby Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The village is located along the southern coast of the Varangerfjorden along the European route E06 highway. The statistical area Nyelv which also includes the peripheral parts of the village as well as the surrounding countryside has a population of 30. There are two burial mounds from the Neolithic Age located near Nyelv. The village area was named after the local river Nyelva.
 Darvand-e Do (Persian: داروند2‎ also Romanized as Dārvand-e Do) is a village in Direh Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 17 families.
 Picture This is a 1988 novel from Joseph Heller the satiric author of the acclaimed Catch-22.The novel is an eclectic historical journey across three periods of history all connected by a single painting: Rembrandt van Rijn's Aristotle Contemplating a Bust of Homer.
 Eresina katangana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Lualaba) and Zambia. The habitat consists of dense primary forests.
 Niyarak (Persian: نيارك‎ also Romanized as Nīyārak Nīārak Neyarak and Nīarīk) is a village in Niyarak Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 590 in 204 families.
 St. Elizabeths Hospital is a psychiatric hospital operated by the District of Columbia Department of Mental Health. It was the first large-scale federally run psychiatric hospital in the United States. Housing several thousand patients at its peak St. Elizabeths had a fully functioning medical-surgical unit and offered accredited internships and psychiatric residencies.
 Pholadomya is a genus of fossil saltwater clams marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pholadomyidae. Fossils species within this genus lived during Mesozoic Era in the South Atlantic between Brazil and Africa. Of Campanian age this genus is widespread as a fossil in Cameroon France Poland Austria Germany and the USA.
 The Waikaia River is a river in New Zealand a tributary of the Mataura River.The moderate sized Waikaia River rises in swamps and tussock land in the Umbrella Mountains to the east of the headwaters of the Pomahaka River and then flows south for 50 km through rugged native bush-clad hills and then from Piano Flat though farmed areas until it joins the Mataura River at Riversdale.Its tributaries include Gow Burn Steeple Burn Dome Burn Winding Creek and Argyle Burn with the Dome Burn and Steeple Burn being brown trout spawning streams for the Mataura River system.Highly regarded as a brown trout fishery the quality of the water in its lower reaches deteriorated in the early 21st century due to the conversion of much of the surrounding farmland to intensive dairy farming.
 Wójtówka [vui̯ˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bądkowo within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Live at Montreux 1986 is a concert video release by the British band Talk Talk of a concert at 1986 Montreux Jazz Festival. The show was part of a tour that started in April 1986 to promote the band's recent album The Colour of Spring and was to be their only appearance at Montreux from their last tour.
 Fools and Worthless Liars is the second album from English band Deaf Havana and the first since the departure of founding member Ryan Mellor. The album marks a departure from the band's earlier post-hardcore style of music in favour of a song orientated power pop approach heavily influenced by bands such as Jimmy Eat World as well as the modern British wave of pop punk[citation needed] largely due to the band's decision not to replace Mellor who was a screamer.
 Divdan (Persian: ديودان‎ also Romanized as Dīvdān) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 19 families.
 Phyllomedusa megacephala is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.
 The First Man in Rome is the first historical novel in Colleen McCullough's Masters of Rome series.The cast includes most of the major historical figures of the late Roman Republic including: Gaius Marius and Lucius Cornelius Sulla as well as the Gaius Julius Caesar who was grandfather of Julius Caesar Julia Marcus Aemilius Scaurus Quintus Caecilius Metellus Numidicus Publius Rutilius Rufus and Lucius Appuleius Saturninus.
 Estanest (Persian: استانست‎ also Romanized as Estānest and Istānist) is a village in Mud Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 39 families.
 Cobra is a double album featuring a live and studio performance of John Zorn's improvisational game piece Cobra recorded in 1985 and 1986 and released on the Hathut label in 1987. Subsequent recordings of the piece were released on Knitting Factory (John Zorn's Cobra: Live at the Knitting Factory (1992)) Avant (John Zorn's Cobra: Tokyo Operations '94 (1994)) and Zorn's own label Tzadik Records (Cobra: John Zorn's Game Pieces Volume 2)) in 2002.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Chaf Rural District in the Central District of Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 25 families.
 Arisa River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The International Journal of Climatology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research in the field of climatology. Established in 1981 the journal is published 15 times per year by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Meteorological Society. The editor-in-chief is Rahan Huth (Charles University in Prague). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.886.
 The National University Hospital (Abbreviation: NUH; Chinese: 国立大学医院; Malay: Hospital Universiti Nasional Singapura) was established in 1985 and it serves as a tertiary hospital clinical training centre and research centre for the medical and dental faculties of the National University of Singapore (NUS).NUH is also a referral centre for a wide range of medical surgical and dental specialties including Cardiology Gastroenterology and Hepatology Obstetrics and Gynaecology Oncology Ophthalmology Paediatrics and Orthopaedic Surgery and Hand and Reconstructive Microsurgery. 
 Jaya Shopping Centre is a well-known landmark in Section 14 Petaling Jaya Selangor Malaysia.
 The Upside of Anger is a 2005 American romantic comedy and drama film written and directed by Mike Binder and set in Bloomfield Hills Michigan. It stars Joan Allen Kevin Costner and Evan Rachel Wood. The film was produced by Jack Binder Alex Gartner and Sammy Lee.
 James C. House is a historic home at 156 Q Street Southwest Washington D.C. in the Buzzard Point neighborhood.James C. Dent was born a slave in 1855 in southern Maryland. He was a laborer and married Mary a seamstress; in 1885 they helped found the Mount Moriah Baptist Church.It served as a Community Assistance Center. Pepco owns the property.
 Stars In My Crown is a 1950 western film starring Joel McCrea as a preacher who tames an unruly town. It was based on the novel of the same name by Joe David Brown.
 Tschudi's Tapaculo (Scytalopus acutirostris) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Dingaka is a 1965 film by South African director Jamie Uys with the soundtrack by Bertha Egnos Eddie Domingo and Basil Gray.
 The Comfort of Home is the third album to be released by pop punk band Rufio.
 The Kani River (可児川 Kani-gawa) is a river in Japan which originates in the city of Mizunami in Gifu Prefecture and flows into the Kiso River.
 Szilárd István Németh (born April 24 1964) is a Hungarian teacher and politician. He has been the mayor of Csepel (21st district of Budapest) since 2010. Besides that he has represented Csepel (Budapest Constituency XXXI) in the National Assembly of Hungary since 2010. He was also a member of parliament from the Budapest Regional List of Fidesz between 2004 and 2006 and from the Fidesz National List from 2009 to 2010.
 Global Underground 005: Tony De Vit Tokyo is a DJ mix album in the Global Underground series compiled and mixed by Tony De Vit. It was released after his death which occurred on July 2 1998.The set was taken from a gig Tony played at in Liquid Rooms Tokyo Japan.At the time of its release there wasn’t a bigger CD around in dance music anywhere. Tony de Vit had progressed from his Sunday morning sets at Trade to a truly global stage.
 For Persian calligraphical style see Shikasta Nastaʿlīq.Re: Colonised Planet 5 Shikasta (often shortened to Shikasta) is a 1979 science fiction novel by British Nobel Prize in Literature-winner Doris Lessing and is the first book in her five-book Canopus in Argos series. It was first published in the United States in October 1979 by Alfred A. Knopf and in the United Kingdom in November 1979 by Jonathan Cape.
 Hyperolius balfouri is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Ethiopia Kenya Sudan Uganda possibly Chad and possibly Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Blues on Purpose is a live album by jazz pianist Wynton Kelly recorded in 1965 and released on the Xanadu label featuring performances by Kelly with Paul Chambers and Jimmy Cobb recorded at the Half Note Club in New York City.
 Galuke is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Dr. Zoltán Timkó (11 June 1874 – ?) was a Hungarian jurist who served as Crown Prosecutor of Hungary from 1940 to 1944.
 McElroy Creek is a tributary of Middle Island Creek 22.1 miles (35.6 km) long in northern West Virginia in the United States.
 Conway Summit (el. 8143 feet (2482 m)) is a mountain pass in Mono County California. It is traversed by U.S. Highway 395 which connects Bridgeport and the East Walker River on the north side of the pass to Mono Lake and Lee Vining to the south. It marks the highest point on U.S. 395 which also traverses high passes at Deadman Summit and Devil's Gate Pass.Conway Summit is named after John Andrew Conway a settler in the area in 1880.
 Live at the Royal Festival Hall is a live album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie and The United Nation Orchestra recorded in 1989 and first released on the Enja label in 1990. The concert has also been released on DVD.
 Angel and the Ape was a humor comic book created by E. Nelson Bridwell published by DC Comics. The characters first appeared in 1968 in Showcase #77 then graduated to their own title with art by comic artist Bob Oksner most often inked by Wally Wood. The title lasted for seven issues changing its name to Meet Angel for its final appearance.
 Black Friday (originally published in 1986 as Black Market) is an American thriller novel by James Patterson. The book was initially published in 1986 through Simon & Schuster and Patterson released a slightly re-written version of the novel in 2000 through Warner Books.The 2000 edition Black Friday was a New York Times Bestseller for paperback fiction.
 The Copernican Question: Prognostication Skepticism and Celestial Order is a 704 page book written by Robert S. Westman and published by University of California Press (Berkeley-Los Angeles-London) in 2011. This book is a broad historical overview of scholarly responses to Copernicus’s De revolutionibus by the three generations immediately succeeding Copernicus.
 The Lord Howe Woodhen (Gallirallus sylvestris) also known as the Lord Howe Island Woodhen or Lord Howe (Island) Rail is a flightless bird of the rail family (Rallidae). It is endemic to Lord Howe Island off the Australian coast. It is a small olive brown bird with a short tail and a downcurved bill.
 Neocoptodera is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Neocoptodera alluaudi (Jeannel 1949) Neocoptodera championi (Murray 1857) Neocoptodera crassicornis (Fairmaire 1897) Neocoptodera crucifera (Dejean 1831) Neocoptodera inermis (Alluaud 1897) Neocoptodera notata (Boheman 1848) Neocoptodera overlaeti (Burgeon 1937) Neocoptodera similata (Hansen 1968) Neocoptodera tetraspilota (Fairmaire 1887) Neocoptodera tetrastigma (Fairmaire 1901) Neocoptodera uelensis (Burgeon 1937) ↑
 Chuzhi is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Frank Pace Jr. (July 5 1912 – January 8 1988) was the 3rd United States Secretary of the Army and a business executive.
 Desert Flower: The Extraordinary Journey of a Desert Nomad is an autobiographical book published in 1998 about the life of Somali model Waris Dirie.In 2009 the book was adapted into a movie of the same name. Produced by Peter Herrmann and Benjamin Herrmann the Ethiopian supermodel Liya Kebede plays Waris in the title role.
 The Ozarks also referred to as the Ozark Mountains Ozarks Mountain Country and the Ozark Plateau are a physiographic and geologic highland region of the central United States. It covers much of the southern half of Missouri and an extensive portion of northwestern and north central Arkansas. The region also extends westward into northeastern Oklahoma and extreme southeastern Kansas.
 Acroncosa albiflavella is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in western North America including New Mexico and California.The wingspan is 18-21 mm. Adults have white forewings. The transverse white lines are lost in the ground colour and the antemedial line is indicated only by a broad oblique inner orange band extending from the inner margin to the costa.
 L'inafferrabile 12 is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Walter Chiari.
 Scotchtown is a plantation located in Hanover County Virginia that from 1771-1778 was owned and used as a residence by Patrick Henry his wife Sarah and their children. He was a revolutionary and elected in 1778 as the first Governor of Virginia. The house is located in Beaverdam Virginia 10 miles (16 km) northwest of Ashland Virginia on VA 685. The house at 93 feet (28 m) by 35 feet (11 m) is one of the largest 18th-century homes to survive in the Americas.
 The Pescado River (Spanish Río Pescado) is a river of Argentina. It is a tributary of the Bermejo River.
 Michael L. Thurmond (born 5 January 1953) is the interim superintendent of the DeKalb County School District the third largest district in the state of Georgia. The district serves nearly 99000 students with over 13400 employees. He is currently on leave from the Butler Wooten & Fryhofer law firm. Thurmond was the Democratic Party's nominee for United States Senate in 2010.Thurmond was raised as a sharecropper's son in Clarke County Georgia. He graduated Cum Laude with a B.A.
 The Battle of Moscow (Russian: Битва за Москву Bitva za Moskvu) is a 1985 Soviet two-part film presenting a dramatized account of the 1941 Battle of Moscow and the events preceding it. The films were a Soviet-East German-Czechoslovak-Vietnamese co-production directed by Yuri Ozerov who also wrote the script.
 Wittgenstein's Mistress by David Markson is a highly stylized experimental novel in the tradition of Samuel Beckett. The novel is mainly a series of statements made in the first person; the protagonist is a woman who believes herself to be the last human on earth. Though her statements shift quickly from topic to topic the topics often recur and often refer to Western cultural icons ranging from Zeno to Beethoven to Willem de Kooning.
 Dzierzbia [ˈd͡ʑeʐbja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Stawiski 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Kolno and 78 km (48 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 373.
 The Next Generation is the seventh studio album by international pop music project Sweetbox. Released in 2009 after almost two years in the making it is the first album to have Jamie Pineda as front woman after Jade Villalon departed for her solo career.
 Dancemania 5 is the fifth set in the Dancemania series of dance music compilation albums released in 1997 by EMI Music Japan.The album debuted at #16 on Oricon's weekly album chart in May 1997 and reached #5 the next week appearing on the yearly best-selling album chart at #98 in 1997 with 227310 copies sold along with its predecessor 4 which ranked #92.
 Colan Church also known as St Colan Church is a 13th-century church in Colan mid-Cornwall England UK. Dedicated to St Colanus it became a Grade I listed building in 1967. The vicars of St Columb Minor have served the church since the middle of the 20th century.
 Gowmazi Kowsar (Persian: گو مازي کوثر‎ also Romanized as Gowmāzī Kows̄ar) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 7 families.
 Unexpected Guests is a compilation album by hip hop artist MF DOOM released under the shortened pseudonym DOOM. The album is made up of a collection of songs performed by produced by or featuring DOOM and previously released at various points throughout his career. Unexpected Guests was released under the label Gold Dust Media (Studio !K7).
 The First Gentleman is a 1948 British historical drama film directed by Alberto Cavalcanti and starring Jean-Pierre Aumont Joan Hopkins and Cecil Parker. It portrays the relationships and marriage of George Prince Regent and his tense dealings with other members of his family such as Princess Charlotte and the Duke of York.
 This article is about the novel by A. J. Cronin. For the song see The Minstrel Boy.The Minstrel Boy (also published under the title Desmonde) is a 1975 novel by A. J. Cronin.The story concerns the life of a young priest called Desmonde Fitzgerald. In his seminary he is noted for his magnificent singing voice his practical jokes and his good looks which make him inordinately attractive to women.
 A Wish for Wings That Work: An Opus Christmas Story is a children's book by Berkeley Breathed that was published in 1991. It was made into an animated television special that same year. The story is 30 pages long and contains large color pictures every other page and small black and white ones over the writing.
 Take Time to Know Her is an album by Percy Sledge. It was originally released on Atlantic Records in 1968. It was re-released in 1998 on CD. Three singles from the album placed on the Billboard charts with the title track reaching number 11.
 Tobias Read is a Democratic member of the Oregon House of Representatives representing District 27 since 2006 which comprises parts of Beaverton southwest Portland and unincorporated Multnomah and Washington Counties. Tobias is serving his fourth term as State Representative during Oregon's 77th Legislature. His notable campaign slogan is Leadership for the Long Run. Tobias currently serves as Majority Whip.
 Prasona is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3468 persons living in 434 individual households.
 Phillips Insulated Wire Company Complex is an historic site at 413 Central Avenue in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The company was built in 1898 and added to the National Historic Register in 2004.
 Wrony [ˈvrɔnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Kobiele Wielkie 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 86 km (53 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Nome River is a waterway on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. It has its source in a narrow valley in the southern margin of the Kigluaik Mountains 4.5 miles (7.2 km) west of Salmon Lake.
 Arlington Mountain a 1857 ft. peak in the northern Temescal Mountains. It is located northwest of nearby Lake Mathews overlooking western Riverside in Riverside County California.
 Phalonidia ochrochraon is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Pará).The wingspan is about 8 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is ochreous creamy but creamy in the distal half of the wing. The suffusions are brownish ochreous and the markings are rust brown. The hindwings are brown.
 Zanguldar (Persian: زنگولدر‎ also Romanized as Zangūldar and Zangūl Dar; also known as Zangūlvār) is a village in Gerit Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 No Time Like Show Time is the third book in the Hermux Tantamoq series of books written by Michael Hoeye which includes Time Stops for No MouseThe Sands of Time and Time to Smell the Roses.
 Legboot is a live album by the English rock band b.l.o.w.. Tracks come from the live performances during the Summer Shrooming tour of 1995.Legboot was released on cassette only via the fan club. The cover is a hand drawn picture by band member Bruce John Dickinson.
 La Crónica del Quindío (English: The Chronicle of the Quindío) is a regional daily newspaper based in Armenia Colombia and founded in 1991. It mostly services the Coffee-Growers Axis region of Colombia.
 Sam Massell (born August 26 1927) is a businessman who served from 1970 to 1974 as the 53rd mayor of Atlanta Georgia. He is the first Jewish mayor in his city's history.A lifelong Atlanta resident Massell has had successful careers in real estate brokerage elected office tourism and association management.
 Hohe Wart is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Higurashi When They Cry (ひぐらしのなく頃に Higurashi no Naku Koro ni lit. When the Cicadas Cry) known simply as When They Cry for the North American release of the anime adaptation is a Japanese murder mystery dōjin soft sound novel series produced by 07th Expansion. The games are built on the NScripter game engine and are playable on the Windows operating system.
 Coming Days released in 1995 on Chiswick Records was the third album released by Irish artist Ron Kavana the second credited to Alias Ron Kavana. Versions of two songs - Johnny and Irish Ways were previously released on the LILT album For The Children.
 I heard a Fly buzz—when I died also known as Poem 465 is the informal name for an untitled poem by American author Emily Dickinson. In the poem the narrator is on his or her deathbed describing the progression of the narrator's death.
 The River Woman is a 1928 drama film directed by Joseph Henabery that is part-silent/part-sound. Made by an independent company Gotham the film starred Lionel Barrymore and Jacqueline Logan. It is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Come into My Life is the debut studio album by Italian Dance music singer Gala released in November 1997. The album was recorded at the Planet Studio in Milan Italy.Four singles were released: Come into My Life Freed from Desire Suddenly and Let a Boy Cry.
 Julai (alternative spelling: Julayi) is a 2012 Telugu action comedy film written and directed by Trivikram Srinivas. The film stars Allu Arjun Ileana D'Cruz and Rajendra Prasad in lead roles. The film was produced by S. Radha Krishna under Haarika & Hassine Creations banner and was presented by D.V.V. Danayya. The soundtrack was composed by Devi Sri Prasad. The film was released worldwide on over 1600 screens on 9 August 2012.
 The Chilikadrotna River is a 55-mile (89 km) tributary of the Mulchatna River in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins in Lake Clark National Park and Preserve in northern Lake and Peninsula Borough and flows westward into the larger river 46 miles (74 km) northwest of Nondalton.In 1980 the upper 11 miles (18 km) of the river became part of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System. This segment rated wild lies within the national park.
 Machine Fucking Head Live is the second live album from the American heavy metal band Machine Head. And it is the final release to include bassist Adam Duce who was fired due to ongoing differences on February 11 2013. The album was released on November 13 2012 under Roadrunner Records. It was recorded at various tour stops across the globe last year during the bands world tour.
 Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (April 15 [O.S. April 3] 1894 – September 11 1971) was a politician who led the Soviet Union during part of the Cold War. He served as First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1953 to 1964 and as Chairman of the Council of Ministers or Premier from 1958 to 1964.
 Rock for the King is a 1986 heavy metal album released by the Christian metal band Barren Cross.
 Glyphipterix lamprosema is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Turner in 1926. It is found in Australia including New South Wales.
 Frederick Charles Denison CMG (November 22 1846 – April 15 1896) was a Canadian militia officer lawyer and politician.Born near Toronto Ontario Denison was educated Upper Canada College and after completing his literary studies began reading law. He was called to the Ontario bar in 1870.His military experience began in 1865 when he joined the Canadian Militia.
 Arenig Fawr South Top is the twin top of Arenig Fawr in southern Snowdonia North Wales. It is the second highest member of the Arenig range being 18 m less than its twin. From here the south ridge continues into an area of rocky knolls and small tarns where Arenig Fawr South Ridge Top can be found.
 The Quest of the Absolute (French: La Recherche de l'absolu) is a novel by Honoré de Balzac. The novel first appeared in 1834 with seven chapter-divisions as a Scène de la vie privée; was published by itself in 1839 by Charpentier; and took its final place as a part of the Comédie in 1845.
 La Nouvelle Revue Française (NRF or The New French Review in English) is a literary magazine founded in 1909 by a group of intellectuals including André Gide Jacques Copeau and Jean Schlumberger. In 1911 Gaston Gallimard became editor of the revue which led to the founding of the publishing house Éditions Gallimard.Established writers such as Paul Bourget and Anatole France contributed to the magazine from its early days.
 Carposina latebrosa is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1910. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Tasmania.
 Döğüşbelen is a village in Muğla Province Turkey
 Touch Me (2000) is a novel written by award-winning Australian author James Moloney. It was published in April 2000 by University of Queensland Press an Australian publishing company.
 Christopher J. Brown is an American Republican Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since January 2012 representing the 8th Legislative District.
 The Fidelity Building is a 15-story 67 m (220 ft) skyscraper in Baltimore Maryland completed in 1893. The building's architectural style is Romanesque Revival. The building used steel constrcution with granite facing. The original roof had French dormers and a tower. The building is used for business by Fidelity. The building originally contained eight floors however between 1912 and 1915 seven more floors were added to the building increasing the number of floors to fifteen.
 The Land That Time Forgot is a fantasy novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs the first of his Caspak trilogy. His working title for the story was The Lost U-Boat. The sequence was first published in Blue Book Magazine as a three-part serial in the issues for September October and November 1918. The complete trilogy was later combined for publication in book form under the title of the first part by A. C. McClurg in June 1924.
 Crome's Broad is situated to the east of the River Ant north of How Hill within The Broads National Park in Norfolk England.It is named after John Crome the founder of the Norwich school of painters.
 The Ghost in the Invisible Bikini is the seventh (and last) of the American International Pictures (AIP) beach party films and was released in 1966. The entire film takes place in and around a haunted house with no beach in sight with the teenage gang instead cavorting in and around it and the adjacent swimming pool.
 The Child and the Pope (Spanish: El niño y el Papa) is a 1987 Colombian film which tells the story of a nine-year-old Mexican boy named Angel who wanted to meet the Pope after he was a victim of the 1985 Mexico City earthquake. The film was directed by Rodrigo Castaño and played role by Christopher Lago and Verónica Castro. In 1987 it was released after Pope John Paul II's visit to Colombia.
 Life with You released in 2007 is the seventh studio album by The Proclaimers. It appeared on W14 a joint venture label between Universal Records and John Williams the man who gave The Proclaimers their first recording contract on Chrysalis Records. The album reached number 13 in the UK album charts.
 Them Was the Happy Days! is a 1916 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Anjir Mehi (Persian: انجيرمهي‎ also Romanized as Anjīr Mehī) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 33 families.
 Cominella virgata is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae the true whelks. Cominella virgata brookesi Powell 1952
 Ziemenbach is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Karabağlar is a village in the District of Karacasu Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 79 people.
 The Economist is an English-language weekly newspaper owned by The Economist Newspaper Ltd. and edited in offices in London. Continuous publication began under founder James Wilson in September 1843. For historical reasons The Economist refers to itself as a newspaper but each print edition appears on small glossy paper like a news magazine and its YouTube channel is called EconomistMagazine.
 Invasive Procedures (2007) is a medical thriller by Orson Scott Card and screenwriter Aaron Johnston. This novel was based on the short story Malpractice by Card which first appeared in Analog in 1977.
 Americanah is a novel by the Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie. Published in 2013 by Alfred A. Knopf it tells the story of a young Nigerian woman who emigrates to America for a university education. The book was selected as one of the 10 Best Books of 2013 by the editors of the New York Times Book Review. It won the 2013 National Book Critics Circle Award (Fiction) and was shortlisted for the 2014 Baileys Women's Prize for Fiction.
 The Terror Tapes is fourth studio album by Irish thrash metal band Gama Bomb. It was released on April 19th in Europe and May 7th in the US via AFM Records.
 This article describes the 23rd album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 23 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 23 or Now 23 was released in 1992 on vinyl audio cassette and Compact Disc.
 Sailor Moon S: The Movie known in Japan as Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon S: The Movie (劇場版 美少女戦士セーラームーンＳ Gekijōban Bishōjo Senshi Sērā Mūn Sūpā) is a 1994 Japanese animated film directed by Hiroki Shibata and written by Sukehiro Tomita. It is the second film in the Sailor Moon series. The English dub is called Sailor Moon S the Movie: Hearts in Ice. The film is adapted from a side story of the original manga series created by Naoko Takeuchi The Lover of Princess Kaguya.
 Sayonara Jupiter (さよならジュピター Sayonara Jupitā) is a novel by Sakyo Komatsu released as two volumes. Komatsu adapted the story into the script for the 1984 film of the same name directed by Koji Hashimoto.
 The Message published in 1996 and written by K.A. Applegate is the fourth book in the Animorphs series. It is narrated by Cassie.
 Teolog [tɛˈɔlɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Lubiewo 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Tuchola and 46 km (29 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 61.
 Political Repression in Modern America from 1870 to 1976 is a historical account of significant civil liberties violations concerning American political dissidents since 1870 – a date demarcating the close of the Civil War decade and the development of the modern American industrial state.
 The Piva (Cyrillic: Пива pronounced [pîʋa]) is a river in Montenegro and Bosnia and Herzegovina shorter headwater of the Drina river which it forms with the Tara river on the border with Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Double Vision is a novel by Pat Barker published in 2003. The Observer described the book as a strongly written oddly constructed new novel.
 Etela Rajender is an Indian politician belonging to the Telangana Rashtra Samithi party. He is an elected legislator to the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly from Huzurabad constituency.
 Tapada Lake is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 206 m its surface area is 19.01 km².
 MEGA subtitled '100% pure Sega Mega Drive...' was a monthly magazine published in the United Kingdom aimed at users of the Sega Mega Drive and its additions the Mega-CD and 32X. During its time as one of the main Mega Drive publications Mega covered the golden age of the Sega Mega Drive from 1992 to 1995. The magazine went through many changes including a re-design in content and layout before being sold to a rival publisher.
 Qasemabad-e Tehranchi (Persian: قاسم ابادتهرانچي‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Tehrānchī; also known as Qāsemābād) is a village in Qaleh Now Rural District Kahrizak District Rey County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2281 in 531 families.
 Heroes is the seventh studio album by Swedish heavy metal band Sabaton. It is to be released May 16 2014. It is the first album to feature the new Sabaton line-up with guitarists Chris Rörland and Thobbe Englund as well as new drummer Hannes van Dahl. It will be produced by Peter Tägtgren in Abyss Studios.
 Harm Done is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell published in 1999. The novel is part of her popular Inspector Wexford detective series and examines themes such as paedophilia and domestic violence.
 Newcombe Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Vyacheslav Victorovich Volodin (born February 4 1964) is a Russian politician currently the first deputy chief of staff of the Presidential Administration of Russia. Vyacheslav Volodin was appointed Deputy Prime Minister and Government Chief of StaffHe was member of the State Duma of the third (1999–2003) fourth (2003–2007) and the fifth sessions (2007–2011).Between February 2 2007 and October 21 2010 he was the Deputy of the Chairman of the Russian State Duma in the fifth session.
 The Ballad of Matthew's Begats (ISBN 978-1-4003-0909-2) is a children's picture book published in 2007 written by Andrew Peterson and illustrated by Cory Godbey. The book is based on the song of the same name from Andrew Peterson's Behold the Lamb of God.
 Abdullah ibn Muhammad Al ash-Sheikh (born 1948) is the chairman of the Majlis ash-Shura (Consultative Assembly) of Saudi Arabia since 2009. He was the minister of Justice from February 1992 to February 2009.
 Pharmacis castillanus is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from Spain.
 Ganjavan (Persian: گنجوان‎ also Romanized as Ganjavān; also known as Ganjūwān and Qal‘eh Kanjavān) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District in the Central District of Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 33 families.
 Phricta is a genus of insect in the family Tettigoniidae confined to rainforests of eastern Australia. It contains the following species: Phricta aberrans Phricta spinosa Phricta tortuwallina Phricta zwicka
 South Sea Tales (1911) is a collection of short stories written by Jack London. Most stories are set in island communities like those of Hawaii or are set aboard a ship.
 Reilly Brothers and Raub Building is a historic commercial building located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted Lancaster architect C. Emlen Urban and built in 1910-1911. It is a four- to five-story L-shaped steel frame structure clad in brick pink granite Indiana limestone and copper in the Beaux-Arts style.
 HomeSquare is a shopping centre located in Sha Tin Hong Kong designed by Barrie Ho. It is owned by Sun Hung Kai Properties and has five floors. An IKEA store can be found here.The grand opening and renaming ceremony was held on 7 November 2010. In this ceremony some celebrities were invited to perform a fashion show with furniture-dress including Linda Chung.
 Hold That Line is a 1952 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on March 23 1952 by Monogram Pictures and is the twenty-fifth film in the series.
 Kind Hearts and Coronets is a 1949 British black comedy film starring Dennis Price Alec Guinness Joan Greenwood and Valerie Hobson. Guinness famously plays eight members of the D'Ascoyne family. The plot is loosely based on the 1907 novel Israel Rank: The Autobiography of a Criminal by Roy Horniman with the screenplay written by Robert Hamer and John Dighton and the film directed by Hamer.
 Pain is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Association for the Study of Pain. The journal was established in 1975 and covers research and reviews in the fields of anesthesiology and clinical neurology. The editor-in-chief is Francis J. Keefe (Duke University.
 The Kent House also known as Sydney Kent House or St. James Convent is a Queen Anne style house located at 2944 South Michigan Avenue in Chicago Illinois United States. The house was built in 1883 by Burnham & Root for Sidney A. Kent.
 Salim Sarai (Persian: سليم سرايي‎ also Romanized as Salīm Sarā’ī) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District Gol Tappeh District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 18 families.
 Rich Relations is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Clifford Sanforth and starring Ralph Forbes Frances Grant and Barry Norton. Written by Joseph O'Donnell and based on the novel of the same name by Priscilla Wayne the film is about a secretary who is romanced by a ladies man unaware that her boss is in love with her. The film was released in the United States on February 1 1937.
 Sixpack (Finnish: Pussikaljaelokuva) is a 2011 Finnish comedy film directed by Ville Jankeri.
 Lemyra excelsa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Thomas in 1990. It is found in India (Sikkim) and China (Tibet).
 Eois bermellada is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.Adults have a brownish ground color and broad yellow margins on both fore- and hindwings.
 Coleophora vulpecula is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Germany to the Iberian Peninsula Italy and Bulgaria. It has also been recorded from northern Russia.The larvae feed on Onobrychis arenaria. They create a lobe case consisting of two rows of large untidily projecting leaf fragments that give the appearance of a bundle of dried leaves. The mouth angle is about 45° Larvae can be found from September to June of the following year.
 Murphy Lake is a lake lying mostly in Otter Tail County Minnesota United States. Its northernmost part extends into Becker County. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 1362 feet (415 m).
 Syd-Österbotten (South Ostrobothnia) is a Swedish-language newspaper published in Närpes and Kristinestad in Finland. It is owned by HSS Media and is published three times a week.The history of the newspaper goes back to 1897 when Kristinestads Tidning was founded. After the closure of Kristinestads Tidning by the Russian authorities in 1900 the new newspaper Syd-Österbotten was founded in 1903.The current editor of Syd-Österbotten is Mats Ekman.
 Australian Banking & Finance Magazine is a trade magazine of the Australian banking and finance community providing coverage of the financial services sector with a 30000-strong readership.[citation needed]It is produced by Australian Financial Publications an Australian financial industry media company that produce manage and deliver magazines conferences forums briefings and custom and online communications.[citation needed]The magazine is published monthly in print format with eleven editions a year. 
 Callopepla inachia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in Brazil and Argentina.
 Kumelsk [ˈkumɛlsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Kolno and 84 km (52 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 226.
 For the 2011 Tiffany Shlain film see Connected: An Autoblogography About Love Death & Technology.Connected (traditional Chinese: 保持通話; simplified Chinese: 保持通话) is a 2008 Hong Kong action film written produced and directed by Benny Chan and starring Louis Koo Barbie Hsu Nick Cheung and Liu YeIt is a remake of the 2004 American film Cellular.
 The North Carolina Executive Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of North Carolina and his or her family. Building began in the year 1883 and it was designed by noted architects Samuel Sloan and A.G. Bauer. The first occupants Governor Daniel G. Fowle and his family moved into the unfinished building in January 1891.
 The Cathedral Church of the Nativity of the Theotokos (Serbian: Саборна Црква Рођења Пресвете Богородице / Saborna Crkva Rođenja Presvete Bogorodice) is the largest Serbian Orthodox church in Sarajevo and one of the largest in the Balkans.The cathedral is dedicated to the nativity of the Theotokos. It was erected at the request of the Orthodox parish of Sarajevo between 1863 and 1868. The church is constructed as a three-section basilica inscribed in a cross-shaped plan and has five domes.
 Image of the Beast (1968) is a science fiction novel by Philip José Farmer.
 Gholamabad (Persian: غلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Gholāmābād) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 89 in 13 families.
 Hashamar (Persian: حشمر‎ also Romanized as Ḩashamar) is a village in Zamkan Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 93 families.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church Rock Creek Parish is a historic Episcopal church located on Rock Creek Church Road NW in Washington D.C. United States.
 Grębociny [ɡrɛmbɔˈt͡ɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Zelów 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Bełchatów and 44 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Republican Party Reptile subtitled The Confessions Adventures Essays and (Other) Outrages of P. J. O'Rourke is a 1987 collection of essays by American satirical writer P. J. O'Rourke. In humorist Lewis Frumkes' review of the collection he described it as only occasionally displaying O'Rourke's best writing.O'Rourke planned to promote the book at the 1988 Republican National Convention.
 The Crystal Cathedral is a church building in Garden Grove Orange County California in the United States. The reflective glass building designed by American architect Philip Johnson was completed in 1981 and seats 2736 people.
 Fort Gaddis is the oldest known building in Fayette County Pennsylvania and the second oldest log cabin in Western Pennsylvania. It is located 300 yards (270 m) east of old U.S. Route 119 near the Route 857 intersection; South Union Township Fayette County Pennsylvania.
 Rekówka [rɛˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Lipsko and 116 km (72 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Warren E. Limmer (born January 24 1955) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota he represents District 34 which includes portions of Hennepin County in the northwestern Twin Cities metropolitan area. He previously served in the Minnesota House of Representatives and in 1998 he sought the Republican endorsement for Minnesota Secretary of State but lost to Mary Kiffmeyer.
 Caledon Museum in the town of Caledon Western Cape South Africa is a social history museum displaying and collecting around the themes The Victorian Period in Caledon and The History of People Living in Caledon. It is a province aided museum.
 Cut In Half and Also Double is an extremely rare debut album by Canadian artist Emily Haines that she self-released in about 2000 copies in 1996 in Toronto. The song Carpet contains similar lyrics and vocal melodies to those in Too Little Too Late which she recorded a decade later with her band Metric.
 Cryptoblabes poliella is a species of snout moth in the genus Cryptoblabes. It was described by Lower in 1905 and is known from Australia.
 Gilbert Collard is a French writer high-profile barrister and politician and a prominent member of the Rassemblement Bleu Marine (RBM) a political association and think-tank open to French patriots from all political horizons who support Marine Le Pen distinct from her Front National (FN) political party. Collard has been an MP for Gard's 2nd constituency since June 2012 (XIV legislature).
 Souvenir is an album by Eric Johnson released in 2002. It is a collection of previously unreleased material spanning 25 years. The album was unique in that it was only available for purchase through Eric Johnson's website. The album was released between Venus Isle in 1996 and Bloom in 2005.
 The Big Sandy River is a 60-mile-long (97 km) tributary of the Tennessee River in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Via the Tennessee and Ohio rivers it is part of the Mississippi River watershed. The Big Sandy rises about 5 miles (8 km) northwest of Lexington in the same vicinity as two other important rivers of West Tennessee the Beech River and the Middle Fork of the Forked Deer River.From near its source downstream much of the Big Sandy River has been channelized.
 Bucks Fizz is the debut album by British pop group Bucks Fizz. Released in 1981 it features their Eurovision-winning song Making Your Mind Up as well as the two follow-up singles Piece of the Action and One of Those Nights. The album was produced by Andy Hill and released on RCA Records.
 Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh (12 February 1911 – 21 March 1978; Irish pronunciation: [ˈcaɾˠwaɫ̪ oː ˈdˠaːɫ̪i]) served as the fifth President of Ireland from 1974 to 1976. He resigned in 1976 after a clash with the government. He also had a notable legal career including serving as Chief Justice of Ireland.
 Abram McCormick A. M. Fridley (born 1817 in Painted Post New York died 1892 in Steele County Minnesota) was a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives and was the namesake of Fridley Township Minnesota which later became the city of Fridley Minnesota. Born in Painted Post New York he came to Long Prairie Minnesota in 1851. He served in the Territorial House 1855 (District 3); House 1869-71 (District 4); House 1879-80 (District 30).
 Skalary mieczyki neonki (English: Angelfish swordtails neon tetras) is the seventh studio album by Polish alternative rock band Myslovitz. It was released out-of-schedule on December 4 2004. The album is startlingly different from Myslovitz's other albums abandoning the usual alt-rock sound in favour of psychedelic soundscapes and improvisations.The album contains outtakes from the Korova Milky Bar recording sessions.
 Stare Łubki [ˈstarɛ ˈwupki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Cascade River is a 17.1-mile-long (27.5 km) river in northeastern Minnesota United States. Running through Cook County it debouches into Lake Superior between Grand Marais and Lutsen. Its lower courses flow through Cascade River State Park.
 Fall Hill is a plantation located near the falls on the Rappahannock River in Fredericksburg Virginia. Though the Thorton family has lived at Fall Hill since the early 1700s the present house was built in 1790 for Francis Thorton V (1760–1836). The land on which Fall Hill is located is part of an 8000 acres (3200 ha) land patent obtained by Francis Thorton I (1657–1727) around 1720. The present-day town of Fredericksburg Virginia is located on that original patent.
 The Samuel Hieatt House is a Greek Revival house built around 1850 in the town of New Castle north of Smithfield Kentucky. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 due to its architectural significance as an outstanding example of Greek Revival style in Henry County.
 Vadavannur is a village and gram panchayat in the Palakkad District of Kerala India.
 Ghalib Danger is a 2013 novel by Author Neeraj Pandey best known for Writing and Directing the critically acclaimed movies A Wednesday and Special 26. He won the National Award for A Wednesday.
 Wiped Out is the second full-length album by the British heavy metal band Raven released in 1982.
 Interpol is the third EP release by New York post-punk revival band Interpol. It was released on 4 June 2002 and was the band's first release on the Matador Records label.
 The Owl and the Pussycat is a 1970 romantic comedy film directed by Herbert Ross and starring Barbra Streisand and George Segal. Streisand plays the role of a somewhat uneducated actress model and part-time prostitute. She temporarily lives with an educated aspiring writer (Segal). Their differences are obvious yet over time they begin to admire each other. Comedian/actor Robert Klein appears in a supporting role.
 Averno is Louise Glück's eleventh collection of poetry published in 2006 by Farrar Straus and Giroux. It was a National Book Award Finalist for Poetry that year.
 Teheran 43 is a 1981 USSR-France-Switzerland drama film made by Mosfilm Mediterraneo Cine and Pro Dis Film directed by Aleksandr Alov and Vladimir Naumov.The film was the leader of Soviet distribution in 1981 and had 47.5 million viewers. It won the Golden Prize at the 12th Moscow International Film Festival in 1981.
 Black Swarm is a 2008 Canadian suspense film directed by David Winning. Actor Robert Englund plays a mysterious beekeeper who has a secret to hide in the small town of Black Stone.
 Laughter In The Rain: The Best Of Neil Sedaka 1974-1980 is a compilation album containing the works of American pop singer Neil Sedaka. The album is composed mostly of material from his tenure with The Rocket Record Company in the mid-1970s. The title of this album is something of a misnomer as it contains some material recorded prior to 1974. The album was released on compact disc in the US by Varese Serebande in 1994.
 Common names: Southern Pacific rattlesnake black diamond rattlesnake more.Crotalus oreganus helleri is a venomous pitviper subspecies found in southwestern California and south into Baja California Mexico.
 Anaheim Regional Medical Center formerly known as Anaheim Memorial Medical Center is a 228 bed acute care hospital in North Anaheim California. It opened its doors in 1958 and serves the greater North Anaheim South Fullerton La Habra and La Mirada areas.
 Blastobasis chanes is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 4–4.5 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with a few brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown.
 One Day in Europe is a 2005 film directed by Hannes Stöhr. The film was nominated for Golden Bear award at the 2005 Berlin Film Festival.
 The Staircase is a historical fiction novel by Ann Rinaldi.
 Bertram Hall at Radcliffe College is an historic dormitory building on the Radcliffe Quadrangle of Harvard University on 53 Shepard Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The four story neo-Georgian brick building was built in 1901 to a design by Alexander Wadsworth Longfellow Jr. It was the first of the quadrangle's buildings to be built. It was funded by a donation from the Radcliffe class of 1895.
 Apistogramma eremnopyge is a species of cichlid. It is only known from the Rio Pintuyacu a tributary of the Rio Itaya near Iquitos Peru.This is a small cichlid 26–35 mm (1.0–1.4 in) standard length which can be easily distinguished from its congeners by the presence of a prominent dark blotch on the lower part of the caudal peduncle in both sexes.
 Zarb-e-Sukhan (Urdu: ضربِ سخن‎ Hindi: ज़र्ब-ए-सुख़न) is a Kulliyat of Urdu poetry. It is written by Ehsan Sehgal an acclaimed Pakistani poet writer and journalist. The book and the author have also been awarded the Faiz Ahmad Faiz Award 2011 by the Urdu Tehreek International London for the best work towards Urdu poetry. The Daily Times describes it as a splendid poetry collection.
 Sonic Jihad is the fifth studio album by rapper Paris released in 2003 recorded mixed and mastered at Data Stream Studio in San Francisco.
 The Princess Blade (Shura Yukihime) is a 2001 Japanese action film directed by Shinsuke Sato. It is a reimagining of the manga Lady Snowblood by Kazuo Koike and Kazuo Kamimura.
 The Philosophical Corps is science fiction novel by author Everett B. Cole. It was published in 1962 by Gnome Press in an edition of 4000 copies. The novel is a fix-up of stories that originally appeared in the magazine Astounding.
 The Happening is the soundtrack for the 1967 comedy film The Happening released by Columbia Pictures. The soundtrack and film score were primarily produced by Frank De Vol. The promotional single for the film The Happening was co-produced by De Vol in conjunction with Motown production team Holland–Dozier–Holland; released concurrently with the film the single reached #1 on the Billboard Pop Singles Chart in May of that year becoming The Supremes' tenth American chart-topper.
 Fantasy Twin is a collection of fantasy novels by L. Sprague de Camp and Stanley G. Weinbaum. It was published in 1953 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 300 copies. The book is an omnibus of de Camps's The Undesired Princess and Weinbaum's The Dark Other created by combining unbound sheets from the publisher's previous editions of the two volumes.
 The Puniu River is a river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. As a tributary of the Waipa River (itself a tributary of the Waikato River and at a length of 57 kilometres it is one of the longest secondary tributaries in New Zealand.The Puniu flows initially north from sources within the Pureora Forest Park veering northwest to pass south of the towns of Kihikihi and Te Awamutu before meeting the Waipa River three kilometres south of Pirongia.
 Anarsia gajiensis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Park and Ponomarenko in 1996. It is found in Korea.
 Music and Lyrics is a 2007 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Marc Lawrence. It focuses on the relationship that evolves between a former pop music idol (of the fictional band PoP! which is inspired by Wham! and Duran Duran) and an aspiring writer as they struggle to compose a song for a reigning pop diva.
 Hard Times Cafe is a collectively owned restaurant in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota. It is known for its punk and hippie ideology its gritty ambiance and its large selection of vegan and vegetarian food. It is open 22 hours a day closing only between the hours of 4 am and 6 am.
 Irish Gold is the first of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley.The title Irish Gold is referring to the gold allegedly accepted by Roger Casement in order to finance the resistance against the English crown.
 Vogel is 1922 m high mountain in Slovenia part of southern Julian Alps and Triglav National Park. There is a cable car from Lake Bohinj to a height of 1537 m. Vogel Ski Resort is one of the biggest of its kind in Slovenia.
 Ladies' Home Journal was an American magazine published by the Meredith Corporation. It first appeared on February 16 1883 and eventually became one of the leading women's magazines of the 20th century in the United States. It was the first American magazine to reach 1 million subscribers in 1903.
 Bröllopsfotografen (English: The Wedding Photographer) is a Swedish tragicomedy film from 2009. It was directed and written by Ulf Malmros.
 Thyrophorella is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Thyrophorellidae.
 The Cláudio Santoro National Theater (Teatro Nacional Cláudio Santoro) is a multi-theater building in Brasília Brazil. It was designed by Oscar Niemeyer in the Modern architectural style. Construction began on July 30 1960 and the building was completed in 1966. Built in the shape of a truncated pyramid it is the largest building in Brasilia designed by Niemeyer specifically for the arts. The building was closed for renovation in 1976 and was reopened on April 21 1981.
 Amardeep Singh Kaleka (born July 12 1978) is an Indian-American film director. He won an Emmy Award for his direction of the short film Jacob's Turn in 2010. Following his father's death in the Wisconsin Sikh temple shooting in 2012 Kaleka became involved in politics supporting gun control. He is running for the United States House of Representatives in Wisconsin's 1st congressional district currently represented by Paul Ryan.
 Osmaston Hall was built in 1696 in extensive grounds of what is now Osmaston a part of Derby. The house was the home of the Wilmot baronets and the Fox family before being used for a golf club and railway business. The house was demolished in 1938.
 White Cloud Peak 10 also known as WCP 10 at 11102 feet (3384 m) above sea level is an unofficially named peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 0.53 mi (0.85 km) south of Calkens Peak its line parent. It is the 89th highest peak in Idaho. Sheep Lake is directly south of the peak and Tin Cup Lake is directly north of the peak.
 Heliura valviviai is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Grados in 1999. It is found in Peru.
 Aktas Dağı is a mountain in western Asia on the international border between Iran and Turkey. It is 2715 metres (8907 ft) tall .
 Peel River a watercourse that is part of the Namoi catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.The river rises on the northern slopes of the Liverpool Range at the junction of the Great Dividing Range and Mount Royal Range south of the village of Nundle and flows generally north west and north west and emerges into the Liverpool Plains near Tamworth.
 Albert Francis Judd Jr. (1874–1939) was a lawyer and trust officer in the Territory of Hawaii.
 Edward Charles Prado (born June 7 1947) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
 Dr. Fuad Khan first entered Parliament as the elected Member for Barataria/San Juan in 1995 a position he would retain on three subsequent occasions until 2007. Under the United National Congress administration Dr. Khan was appointed Deputy Speaker of the 5th Republican Parliament (1995 to 2001) and Minister in the Ministry of Health in the 6th Republican Parliament (2001). He then served in Opposition from 2001 to 2007.On Monday May 24 2010 Dr.
 More Ghost Stories is the title of M. R. James's second collection of ghost stories published in 1911. Some later editions under the title Ghost Stories of an Antiquary contain it and the earlier Ghost Stories of an Antiquary in one volume.Montague Rhodes James (1862–1936) was a medieval scholar; Provost of King's College Cambridge. He wrote many of his ghost stories to be read aloud in the long tradition of spooky Christmas Eve tales.
 Berthoud Pass (/ˈbɜrθəd/ BURTH-əd; el. 11307 ft./3446 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States.The pass is located west of Denver and provides a high route between upper Clear Creek Canyon to the upper valley of the Fraser River in Middle Park to the north. The pass traverses the continental divide at the Front Range on the border between Clear Creek County and Grand County.The pass is named for Edward L.
 Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish boy band One Direction released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom followed by a worldwide release during 2012. After finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest The X Factor in December 2010 One Direction began recording the album in Sweden UK and the United States working with a variety of writers and producers.
 The Nightingale is a novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982) set in a fictional rural Western Pennsylvania village (but much like the author's birthplace of New Alexandria Pennsylvania about thirty miles east of Pittsburgh) at the turn of the 20th century.Violet Carpenter is already considered a spinster at age twenty-five when financial necessity forces her to take in lodgers. Her avocation however is to write poetry.
 Food Weekly News is a weekly food science and agricultural newspaper reporting on the latest developments in research in food production. It is published by Vertical News an imprint of NewsRx LLC.
 The Yapacana Antbird (Myrmeciza disjuncta) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is found in Brazil Colombia and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Historic Anderson House Hotel is a hotel in Wabasha Minnesota United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The hotel opened in 1856 and was Minnesota's oldest continuously operating bed and breakfast inn west of the Mississippi River. Most of the furniture dates back to 1856 as well.The hotel was built by B.F. Hurd in 1856 and was known as the Hurd House until 1909. Hurd's son-in-law became owner of the hotel in 1885 and added a third story and a west wing.
 The Zarkos (Greek: Ζάρκος) is a small mountain range in central Thessaly in Greece. It is situated on the border of the Larissa and the Trikala regional unit. Its highest point is 734 m. It is 15 km long and 12 km wide and covers and area of 100 to 150 km². Grasslands are in the lower elevations and forests in the higher elevations. It is drained by the river Titarisios to the north and the Pineios to the south.
 The Canyon Courier is a weekly newspaper (published on Wednesdays) by Evergreen Newspapers. The newspaper primarily serves the community of Evergreen Colorado 30 miles west of Denver Colorado. The Courier was featured in the 1999 movie Double Jeopardy. The Courier began in 1955 as Smoke Signals a monthly bulletin published by the Indian Hills Fire Department. The paper was purchased in 1958 to begin weekly publication as the Canyon Courier.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 The Curve-lined Owlet (Phyprosopus callitrichoides) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from New Hampshire to Florida west to Montana and Texas.The wingspan is 28-35 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae feed on greenbrier species (see Smilax).
 Philippe Delorme (born January 22 1960 in Pantin Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French historian and journalist whose articles have appeared in Point de Vue and Point de Vue Histoire among others.He was born in Pantin.He has written numerous biographies of France's great queens all published by Editions Pygmalion.His most celebrated books L'affaire Louis XVII (Tallandier 1995 2000) and Louis XVII : la vérité (Pygmalion 2000) have attracted intense interest from the public and the media due to their groundbreaking analyses of DNA research on a human heart long-supposed to be that of Louis XVII dead in Temple Tower Paris in 1795. 
 Ambulacraria is a clade of invertebrate phyla which includes echinoderms hemichordates and Xenoturbellida; a member of this group is called an ambulacrarian.
 Dynamic Heroes (ダイナミックヒーローズ dainamikku hi^ro^zu) also known as Nagai Go Manga Gaiden - Dynamic Heroes (永井豪まんが外伝 ダイナミックヒーローズ nagai gou manga gaiden dainamikku hi^ro^zu) and as Go Nagai manga heroes crossover collection - Dynamic Heroes is a Japanese manga based in several works of Go Nagai including most of his most famous robots such as Mazinger Z Getter Robot Great Mazinger and UFO Robot Grendizer and also several characters from other series such as Cutie Honey and Devilman.
 The Very Best Of Al Jolson is a compilation album of the work of Al Jolson released in 1977 by Hammard Records Australia under licence from MCA Records.Catalogue Number HAM-023
 Echos O' Faith is the title of The 77s' second Live album released in 1996 on the band's own Fools of the World label. This album was recorded live at Echos Of Faith Church in Ontario California on November 28 1992. This performance was a rare acoustic unplugged performance of the 77s which prompted producer Brian Healy to start recording. Everyone involved was happy enough with the overall sound of the recording that it was decided to make it into a live album.
 Valley Farm Ruins is the remaining structures of an historic estate on the banks of Elkhorn Creek in Franklin County Kentucky near the Woodford County line. The property was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places on July 24 1975.
 The Pizzo dell'Alpe Gelato is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps on the Swiss-Italian border.
 Deh-e Kadkhoda Shah Jan Bamari (Persian: ده كدخدا شاه جان بامرئ‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Kadkhodā Shāh Jān Bāmari) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 37 families.
 Les Visiteurs (French pronunciation: ​[le vizitœʁ]; English: The Visitors) is a cult French film directed by Jean-Marie Poiré and released in 1993. In this comedy a 12th-century knight and his servant travel in time to the end of the 20th century and find themselves adrift in modern society.Les Visiteurs was the Number 1 box office film in France in 1993 with 13782846 ticket sales. The publicity for the film used the tagline Ils ne sont pas nés d'hier (They weren't born yesterday).
 Time of our Darkness is a novel by South African author Stephen Gray. It tells the story of a homosexual teacher in 1980s Apartheid South Africa and his relationship with his long-term partner and a young black boy.13-year-old Disley D. Mashanini is the sole black pupil at a white private school in Sandton Johannesberg there on a scholarship from a township in the Transvaal. Pete Walker teaches English and sometimes teaches Africaans.
 Strongylida is a suborder that includes many of the important nematodes found in the gastrointestinal tracts of ruminants horses and swine as well as the lungworms of ruminants and the hookworms of dogs and cats.
 hanDover is the eleventh studio album by Canadian band Skinny Puppy. After 2007's Mythmaker and its accompanying tour the band returned to work on a new album in 2008. This new material was noise music in the vein of Lou Reed's Metal Machine Music and was initially intended to be handed over to their label in time for their 2009 international tour. Trouble arose however when their label SPV GmbH ran into insolvency problems and the album's fate became uncertain.
 Golden Hits of the Smothers Brothers Vol. 2 (released January 1969) was the Smothers Brothers' first greatest hits album. There is no Volume 1 but all of the routines had been performed on earlier comedy albums by the duo. These are not the same performances contained on other albums making it a new album. There was not a true hits collection for the duo until Sibling Revelry: The Best of the Smothers Brothers released in 1988.
 Yolandita (2000) is the compilation album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was released in Spain for the European market in 2000. This album contains the full tracking of Monge's Siento plus three songs from Mi Encuentro and one song from Yolandita (1995). This is a very rare album and a collector's items for fans of the singer.
 Spirituality 1983–2008: The Consummate Compendium is a greatest hits album by Spirit of the West released by Rhino Records on July 15 2008.The album was compiled as a 25th anniversary retrospective of the band's career and features 32 tracks over two discs. The tracks include two new songs Another Happy New Year and Winter's Now the Enemy as well as an unreleased demo version of the band's song Kiss & Tell.
 Corridor is an Indian graphic novel written and illustrated by Sarnath Banerjee set in contemporary Delhi. A shop owner by the name of Jehangir Rangoonwalla interacts with other residents of Delhi that all visit his shop.
 The Manganui o te Ao River is a river of the centre of New Zealand's North Island. It has its source in numerous streams and small rivers which flow west from the slopes of Mount Ruapehu though the main course of the river flows predominantly southwest through rugged hill country to meet with the Whanganui River 10 kilkometres north of Pipiriki at the edge of the Whanganui National Park.
 Hopkins Hollow Village is an historic district along Hopkins Hollow Road Narrow Lane and Perry Hill Road in Coventry Rhode Island and West Greenwich Rhode Island.The village features American colonial and Federal era architecture. The Hopkins Hollow Church built circa 1850 in a Greek Revival style is located within the village adjacent to the Hopkins Hollow cemetery. The village was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Little Auk or Dovekie (Alle alle) is a small auk the only member of the genus Alle. It breeds on islands in the high Arctic. There are two subspecies: A. a. alle breeds in Greenland Iceland Novaya Zemlya and Spitsbergen and A. a. polaris on Franz Josef Land.
 Sound Theories Vol. I & II is a 2007 album by American guitarist Steve Vai. The album was recorded with the Metropole Orchestra in Netherlands in mid-2004-2005 and released on June 26 2007.Volume I features Vai playing guitar with the orchestra which has itself earned worldwide acclaim by backing artists ranging from Mike Keneally Terry Bozzio Tony Bennett and Natalie Cole to Nancy Wilson and the Yellowjackets.
 Hewu Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Whittlesea Eastern Cape in South Africa. The hospital departments include Emergency department Paediatric ward Maternity ward Out Patients Department Surgical Services Medical Services Operating Theatre & CSSD Services Pharmacy Anti-Retroviral (ARV) treatment for HIV/AIDS Post Trauma Counseling Services Laboratory Services X-Ray Services Laundry Services and Kitchen Services.
 Sagebrush Trail (UK title An Innocent Man) is a 1933 American modern day Western film with locations filmed at Bronson Canyon starring John Wayne and featuring Lane Chandler and Yakima Canutt. It was the second Lone Star Productions film released by Monogram Pictures.
 Roundway Hospital was a psychiatric hospital in the parish of Roundway near Devizes Wiltshire. It was originally called the Wiltshire County Lunatic Asylum and later the Wiltshire County Mental Hospital. It opened in 1851 and closed in 1995.
 Fantômes dans la rue (The Ghost in the Street) is the title of a novella written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio. His daughter Amy Le Clézio suggested the storyline to this novella. It was first published in the French language magazine Elle n° 2845 dated 10 July 2000.
 1971 is a 2007 India war film directed by Amrit Sagar and written by Piyush Mishra and Amrit Sagar based on a true story of prisoners of war after the Indo-Pak war of 1971. The film features an ensemble cast of Manoj Bajpai Ravi Kishan Piyush Mishra Deepak Dobriyal and others.
 Ten Mile River is a river in northern Mendocino County California United States. It is named for the fact that its mouth is 10 miles (16 km) north of the mouth of the Noyo River. The middle and north forks of the river are each 15 miles (24 km) long and the river extends for seven more miles from their confluence to its mouth on the Pacific Ocean. The watershed of Ten Mile River is neighbored on the south by the Noyo River and on the east and north by the South Fork Eel River.
 Melting is the second EP by Hyuna released on October 21 2012. It features the number one single Ice Cream. The release date was originally scheduled for October 22 2012 but due to a leak it was digitally released a day earlier by Cube Entertainment.
 Albu Gulak (Persian: البوگولك‎ also Romanized as Ālbū Gūlak; also known as Al Bakūlak) is a village in Abshar Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 66 families.
 Dobříč (Prague-West District) is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 3.48 square kilometres (1.34 sq mi) and as of 2006 it had a population of 291.
 Bieleckie Młyny [bjɛˈlɛt͡skʲɛ ˈmwɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north of Morawica and 16 km (10 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Kumalgaun is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2617 people living in 413 individual households.
 The Harvard International Review is a quarterly journal and website of international relations published by the Harvard International Relations Council at Harvard University. The 'HIR' offers commentary on global developments in politics economics business science technology and culture as well as interviews with prominent global leaders and reviews of books and documentaries.
 Hamidan (Persian: حميدان‎ also Romanized as Ḩamīdān; also known as Dehlā’īyeh and Deh Lāleh) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 137 in 20 families.
 HM Prison Kirklevington Grange is a Category C/D men's prison located in the village of Kirklevington (near Yarm) in North Yorkshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Wangan Midnight (湾岸ミッドナイト Wangan Middonaito) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Michiharu Kusunoki. It was first serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic Spirits since 1990 but was later serialized in Kodansha's Young Magazine in which Initial D is also serialized. In 1999 it won the Kodansha Manga Award for general manga.The series has been adapted into several live action feature films video games and an anime television series.
 Time Marches On is the fourth studio album released by country music artist Tracy Lawrence. The title track spent three weeks at Number One on the Billboard country charts in 1996 becoming Lawrence's biggest chart hit to date. Is That a Tear If You Loved Me and Stars Over Texas were also released from this album and all were Top 5 hits as well.
 The Republic of Wine: A Novel (simplified Chinese: 酒国; traditional Chinese: 酒國) is a satirical novel by Mo Yan This novel explores the relationship between Chinese people and food and drink and comments on government corruption and excesses.
 A Splendid Exchange: How Trade Shaped The World (London: Atlantic Books 2008) is a book by American author William Bernstein.
 Tang-e Shuhan-e Olya (Persian: تنگ شوهان عليا‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Shūhān-e ‘Olyā and Tang-e Showhān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Tang-e Shīān Tang-e Shūhān Tang-e Shūhān-e Bālā and Tang-i-Shuwan) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 527 in 125 families.
 The Journal of Literacy Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers on literacy in the field of education. The journal's Co-Editors are Patricia L. Anders Ph.D. (University of Arizona) and David B. Yaden Jr. Ph.D. (University of Arizona). The journal's Associate Editors are Ana Christina da Silva Iddings Ph.D. (University of Arizona) and Laurie Katz Ph.D. (Ohio State University).
 Zeylabad (Persian: ذيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Z̄eylābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District Amirabad District Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Invisible Line is the debut album by UK band Temposhark.
 Mali Iđoš (Serbian and Montenegrin Cyrillic: Мали Иђош pronounced [mâːliː îdʑoʃ]; Hungarian: Kishegyes pronounced [ˈkiʃhɛɟɛʃ]) is a village and municipality in the North Bačka District of Vojvodina Serbia. The municipality comprises three local communities and has a population of 12031 of whom 6486 (53.91%) are ethnic Hungarians 2388 are Serbs (19.85%) and 1956 are Montenegrins (16.26%). Mali Iđoš village has a population of 4830.
 The Seaboard Air Line Lounge Car-6603 is a historic Seaboard Air Line Railroad depot in Boca Raton Florida. It is located at 747 South Dixie Highway off U.S. 1 part of the restored Florida East Coast Railway Passenger Station. On April 5 2001 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was originally built the Budd Company in 1947.
 Itardiornis is an extinct genus of the family Messelornithidae from late Eocene and early Oligocene. Only one species is descript Itardiornis hessae from Quercy fissure fillings.
 Dewey: A Small-Town Library Cat Who Touched the World is a best-selling non-fiction book published in September 2008. The book covers the life and times of Dewey Readmore Books the cat in residence at the Spencer Public Library in Spencer Iowa.
 Catherine Creek is a 32.4-mile-long (52.1 km) creek in northeastern Oregon United States. A tributary of the Grande Ronde River it is the second-longest stream in the Grande Ronde Valley. Originating in the foothills of the Wallowa Mountains it flows generally northwest through Catherine Creek State Park and the city of Union before joining the river. The creek was named for Catherine Godley a daughter of Thomas and M. E. Godley who settled near Union in the 19th century.
 The Mourão River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Poksi is a village in Luunja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 The Gospel According to John is a part of the Pillar New Testament Commentary series. It provides a comprehensive introduction to the Gospel of John. It was published in 1990 and written by D. A. Carson who is also the General Editor of the series.In 1992 Christianity Today magazine awarded it Number 1 Critic's Choice for Commentaries and Runner-up Reader's Choice.
 ...a nastal chaos is a hip-hop debut album by highly influential Czech group Chaozz released in 1996. It was certified platinum in the Czech Republic and gold in Slovakia selling nearly 50000 copies. Music videos were made for Televize Policijeee Planeta opic and Nejhorsi den v mym zivote
 William Shatner's TekWorld (or Tek World) was a comic book series published by Epic Comics/Marvel from 1992 to 1995. It is based on the TekWar novels.
 The Curse of the Doll People is a 1961 horror film by Mexican director Benito Alazraki. In its original Spanish language it is titled Muñecos infernales along with an alternate name Devil Doll Men. It was produced by Cinematográfica Calderón S.A. The screenplay by Alfredo Salazar is an uncredited adaptation of the novel Burn Witch Burn! by A. Merritt.
 Gio Ponti (foaled Feb 28 2005 in Kentucky) is a United States race horse and a specialist on the turf course. He was sired by Tale of the Cat a son of Storm Cat out of the stakes-placed Alydar mare Chipeta Springs making him half-brother to stakes-winner Fisher Pond. Gio Ponti is owned by Castleton Lyons trained by Christophe Clement
 Lake Lucille is a 350-acre (1.4 km2) lake within the municipal limits of Wasilla Alaska located at 61°34′N 149°28′W.Most of the lake shoreline is private property (i.e. not incorporated into the City of Wasilla)and many residents have docks for swimming boating or docking floatplanes. There is also a city park with a campground and boat launch. Lake Lucille and Wasilla Lake are both immediately adjacent to the Parks Highway the main route for travel between Fairbanks and Anchorage.
 Tifatul Sembiring (born Bukitinggi West Sumatra 28 September 1961) is an Indonesian politician. He is chairman of the Islamic Prosperous Justice Party and Minister of Communication and Information in the Second United Indonesia Cabinet.
 Bill the Conqueror is a novel by P.G. Wodehouse first published in the United Kingdom on 13 November 1924 by Methuen & Co. London and in the United States on 20 February 1925 by George H. Doran New York the story having previously been serialised in the Saturday Evening Post from 24 May to 12 July 1924.
 DeLesseps Morrison Jr. deLesseps Story Toni Morrison Jr. (March 11 1944 – August 21 1996) the older son of four-term New Orleans Mayor DeLesseps Story Chep Morrison Sr. (1912–1964) was an American attorney and international business consultant who was a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1974–1980. He was also president of the Young Democrats of America from 1973–1975 and a former member of the executive committee of the Democratic National Committee.
 Quicksand: No Escape is a 1992 thriller film directed by Michael Pressman and stars Donald Sutherland Tim Matheson Felicity Huffman and the debut role of a six year old Kaley Cuoco who over 13 years later achieved fame in the final season of the fantasy TV show Charmed and especially as one of the stars of the popular sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
 Carmelite Friary Newcastle-upon-Tyne was a friary in Tyne and Wear England.
 Shami Kandi (Persian: شمي كندي‎ also Romanized as Sham‘ī Kandī) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Iru Malargal (Translation: Two Flowers) is a 1967 Indian Tamil romantic drama film directed by A. C. Trilogchander. The film stars Sivaji Ganesan Padmini K. R. Vijaya Chittor V. Nagaiah Nagesh Manoramma Roja Ramani and S. A. Ashokan. The film tells the story of a man who faces upheavals in his life as he is caught between his lady-love and his devoted wife. Released on 1 November 1967 Iru Malargal opened to critical acclaim.
 The Valkyr Range is a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia Canada located on the east side of Lower Arrow Lake west of Nelson.
 Steven Michael Colloton (born on January 9 1963 in Iowa City Iowa) is a federal judge who has served on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit since 2003.
 A Question of Honor is a 1915 short silent film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 Robin L. Rosenberg (born 1962) is a Florida Circuit Court Judge and is a nominee to be a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida.
 Rôtisserie Le Mérinos d'Or is a former restaurant located in Groningen in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1985-1991.In 1977 the restaurant was owned by mr. Fr. Graaiman.
 The Second Wave: 25 Years of NWOBHM is a split studio album released in 2003 by British indie label Communiqué Records. The album contains five songs each from veteran bands of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal Oliver/Dawson Saxon (resulting from a split of Saxon) Girlschool and Tygers of Pan Tang. The album features both new songs and already published ones sometimes re-recorded for the occasion. The release of the album was followed by a UK tour of the three bands together.
 Uncle Dog is a band that released an album and single in 1972.Members of Uncle Dog were: Carol Grimes - vocalsTerry Stannard - Drums / PercussionPhillip Crooks - guitarSam Mitchell - guitarJohn Porter - guitar bassDavid Skinner - keyboards vocals (ex-Twice as Much)John Pearson - drumsPearson played on 4 tracks and was replaced as a member by Terry Stannard who appears on the rest of the album.Guest musicians on the LP were Paul Kossoff guitar on We Got Time and John 'Rabbit' Bundrick (piano). 
 Hehlenriede is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Lilith is a fantasy novel written by Scottish writer George MacDonald and first published in 1895. Its importance was recognized in its later revival in paperback by Ballantine Books as the fifth volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in September 1969.Lilith is considered among the darkest of MacDonald's works and among the most profound. It is a story concerning the nature of life death and salvation.
 The Barre Montpelier Times Argus is a daily morning newspaper serving the capital region of Vermont. It was established in 1897. The newspaper claims that 80% of all adults in the Barre/Montpelier area read the Times Argus for local news state government sports and advertising information.[citation needed].The Times Argus is the product of a union of the Barre Daily Times and the Montpelier Argus in 1959. The Barre Times was founded by Frank E.
 The Northern Range is the range of tall hills across north Trinidad the major island in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. The hills range from the Chaguaramas peninsula on the west coast to Toco in the east.The hills rise abruptly from the lowlands of northern Trinidad (the so-called East-West Corridor) but only the two tallest peaks El Cerro del Aripo and El Tucuche top 900 m.
 Enyalioides azulae is a species of lizard in the genus Enyalioides known from only one location in the Cordillera Azul National Park in Peru.
 Elijah Hayward (November 17 1786 – September 22 1864) was a lawyer in the U.S. State of Ohio who represented his county in the Ohio House of Representatives sat on the Ohio Supreme Court for a short time and was Commissioner of the General Land Office. He was a noted genealogist and historian.
 Yass River a perennial river that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Southern Tablelands and South Western Slopes districts of New South Wales Australia.
 Cedar Pond is a small oval-shaped pond in the town of Lakeville Massachusetts. It's located just off of Somserset Lane from Long Point Road which is easily accessible from Route 105. The pond is primarily used for irrigating nearby bogs and farmland.
 Epitaph is the second studio album by German death metal band Necrophagist released by Relapse Records on August 3 2004. Unlike on Onset of Putrefaction guitarist and vocalist Muhammed Suiçmez recorded the album alongside a full band instead of just himself. Guitarist Christian Muenzner who later departed the band and joined Obscura wrote both half the leads as well as several basslines on the album
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس آباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 25 families.
 The Francis Marion Stokes Fourplex is a historic residential building located in the Northwest district of Portland Oregon United States.
 Movement is the debut album by New Order released in November 1981 on Factory Records. At the time of its release the album was not particularly well received by critics or consumers only peaking at No. 30 on the UK albums chart. Retrospective reviews for Movement have been very positive.In 2008 the album was re-released in a Collector's Edition with a bonus disc.Slant Magazine listed the album at No.
 Brasilentulus is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 Ivan Erazem Tatenbah is a novel by Slovenian author Josip Jurčič. It was first published in 1873.
 Kule Kidz Gråter Ikke (also known as Cool Kidz Don't Cry) is a drama film directed by Katarina Launing. It's a remake of the 2012 Dutch film Cool Kids Don't Cry (originally released as Achtste Groepers Huilen Niet) which won numerous awards.The movie is 93 minutes long and is about a teen girl who has cancer. Other kids must find out why but to find out that she needs to get to a school football competition.
 Mohammadabad-e Mokhtar-e Yek (Persian: محمداباد مختار1‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Mokhtār-e Yek; also known as Moḩammadābād and Moḩammadābād-e Mokhtār) is a village in Azadegan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 21 families.
 Aa Ab Laut Chalen (translation: Come Let's Go Back) is a 1999 Bollywood romantic drama musical directed by Rishi Kapoor and written by Sachin Bhowmick. The film premiered in India and the United States on 22 January 1999. It starred Rajesh Khanna Akshaye Khanna and Aishwarya Rai and was the last production of R. K. Films. Box Office India declared it a below-average performer at the box office.
 The Gray–Watkins Mill or Gray's Mill is a historic structure in Montgomery in the U.S. state of Illinois. The building was an early turbine mill on the Fox River and was later used as an automobile parts manufacturer. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Little Pet (Czech: Mazlíček) is a 1934 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 Prionopleurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Otis Starkey House is a historic home located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. It was built about 1820 and is a two-story Federal style residence. It has two sections: a two-story main section and a lower two-story rear wing. Also on the property is a gabled carriage house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Edward Winslow (October 18 1595 – May 8 1655) was a Separatist who traveled on the Mayflower in 1620. He was one of several senior leaders on the ship and also later at Plymouth Colony. In Plymouth he served in a number of governmental positions such as assistant governor three times was governor and also was the colony’s agent in London. In early 1621 he had been one of several key leaders that Governor Bradford depended on after the death of John Carver.
 Uuno Turhapuro – kaksoisagentti is a Finnish 1987 comedy film written and directed by Spede Pasanen. It is the twelfth film in the Uuno Turhapuro series and at the same time the first one to be made without Ere Kokkonen. Its name translates to Uuno Turhapuro – the double agent.
 Wilkowo [vilˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Charles George Vivian Tryon 2nd Baron Tryon GCVO KCB DSO DL OStJ (24 May 1906 – 9 November 1976) was a British peer British Army officer and a member of the Royal Household.
 Frankenstein is a 2004 made-for-television USA Network production starring Thomas Kretschmann as Victor Helios (supposedly the man that the fictional character Victor Frankenstein was based on) and Vincent Pérez as his creature. It was produced by Martin Scorsese and based on Dean Koontz's version of Frankenstein. The film was originally intended as the pilot for an ongoing series but this was not successful.
 PTSD: Post Traumatic Stress Disorder is the fourth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Pharoahe Monch released on April 15 2014 under his independent label W.A.R. Media in partnership with INgrooves. The album features guest appearances from Black Thought Talib Kweli Denaun The Stepkids and Vernon Reid as well as production from Lee Stone Marco Polo Jesse West and Quelle Chris amongst others.
 Demons is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by J.M. Dillard.
 Acupalpus djemdjemensis is an insect-eating ground beetle of the Acupalpus genus.
 Count Albin Csáky de Körösszeg et Adorján (19 April 1841 – 15 December 1912) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Religion and Education between 1888 and 1894. He finished his secondary school studies in Lőcse then he learnt in Kassa. He became representative of the Diet of Hungary in 1862. 1900–1906 and 1910–1912 he served as Speaker of the House of Magnates.The more important circumstance of his ministerial activity was first bringing the so-called baptismal order.
 Pirita Karjalan tytär (Finnish: Pirita the Daughter of Karelia) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Thunjanur (Tamil: துஞ்சனூர் ) is a village in the Avadaiyarkoilrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Anthology is a three-disc/three-cassette box set that provides a comprehensive overview of Selena's brief career. The set is divided into three parts—a disc of mariachi a disc of cumbia and a disc of pop recordings many of which are in English. Most but not all are either Remix Club Remix or different style and version of all songs listed here.
 Więcmierzyce [vjɛnt͡smjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] (German Winzenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Hakavan (Persian: هكوان‎ also Romanized as Hakavān Hakvān and Hakwan) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 678 in 138 families.
 Gran Encantat is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2748 metres (9016 ft) above sea level.
 The Çengelhan Rahmi M. Koç Museum (Turkish: Çengelhan Rahmi M. Koç Müzesi) is a technology museum in Ankara Turkey.
 William James Crowe Jr. (January 2 1925 – October 18 2007) was a United States Navy admiral who served as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush and as the ambassador to the United Kingdom under President Bill Clinton.
 Cockadoodledon't is an LP released by Th' Legendary Shack Shakers on April 22 2003.
 The Day the Clown Cried is an unreleased 1972 film directed by and starring Jerry Lewis. It is based on a script of the same name by Joan O'Brien who had co-written the original script with Charles Denton ten years previously. The film was met with controversy regarding its premise and content which features a circus clown who is imprisoned in a Nazi concentration camp.
 Yevlaq (Persian: يولاق‎ also Romanized as Yevlāq) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 14 families.
 Household Words was an English weekly magazine edited by Charles Dickens in the 1850s. It took its name from the line in Shakespeare's Henry V: Familiar in his mouth as household words.
 Feiselberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Overnight Success (The Definitive Dave Dobbyn Collection 1979 – 1999) is a 1999 compilation album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Dave Dobbyn. It won an award in the Film soundtrack/cast recording/compilation category at the New Zealand Music Awards in 2000 and charted at number 15 in the New Zealand Music Chart.
 Ashburton House also known as St. John's Church Parish House or British Legation is a house on Lafayette Square in Washington D.C..It was the site of 10 months of U.S.-British negotiations leading to the Webster-Ashburton Treaty of 1842. This settled U.S.-Canada border disputes and ended the Aroostook War.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
 Modrzewie [mɔˈdʐɛvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wleń within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 El Juramento de Lagardere is a 1955 Argentine film.
 Binondo Church also known as Minor Basilica of St. Lorenzo Ruiz and Our Lady of the Most Holy Rosary Parish  is located in the District of Binondo Manila fronting Plaza San Lorenzo Ruiz in the Philippines. This church was founded by Dominican priests in 1596 to serve their Chinese converts to Christianity. The original building was destroyed in 1762 by British bombardment.
 A Very Gaga Holiday is a live EP released by Lady Gaga containing songs performed at the ABC Christmas special A Very Gaga Thanksgiving. It was made available for purchase in the US on November 22 2011 exclusively on the iTunes Store and Amazon and on November 26 in the rest of the world.
 The Avenging Rider is a 1943 Western film.
 Grojec [ˈɡrɔjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Alwernia within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Alwernia 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Chrzanów and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1259.
 Pippa Bartolotti (13 August 1953 Cornwall) has been principal spokesperson ('leader') for the Wales Green Party since January 2012 after standing as the Green Party's parliamentary candidate for Newport West in the 2010 general election.
 The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club (also known as The Pickwick Papers) is Charles Dickens's first novel. He was asked to contribute to the project as an up-and-coming writer following the success of Sketches by Boz published in 1836 (most of Dickens' novels were issued in shilling installments before being published as complete volumes).
 Ortalis prompta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 The Hollywood Studio Club was a chaperoned dormitory sometimes referred to as a sorority for young women involved in the motion picture business from 1916 to 1975. Located in the heart of Hollywood Los Angeles California the Studio Club was run by the YWCA and housed some 10000 women during its 59-year existence.
 Peru (Persian: پرو‎ also Romanized as Perū Paru and Poroo) is a village in Kharqan Rural District Bastam District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2171 in 606 families.
 Piotrowice [pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Biskupiec 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 81 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 The Atoyac Web-footed Salamander (Bolitoglossa oaxacensis) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 George Ralph Salisbury Jr. (March 7 1921 – December 25 2010) was the patriarch of the Ladder Ranch a cattle and sheep operation in Carbon County in southern Wyoming and a Democratic member of the Wyoming House of Representatives from 1975 to 1986. He was the House Democratic (minority) Whip in his last term from 1985 to 1986.
 Kumkiejmy Przednie [kumˈkʲɛi̯mɨ ˈpʂɛdɲɛ] (German: Klein Kumkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Górowo Iławeckie 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Bartoszyce and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 The Río Mameyes is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Andaman shrew or Andaman white-toothed shrew (Crocidura andamanensis) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to India.
 Columbia Peak is a mountain peak in the Henry M. Jackson Wilderness in the U.S. state of Washington. Columbia Peak rises to 7172 feet (2186 m). Together with Monte Cristo Peak and Kyes Peak it forms a basin that contains Columbia Glacier and Blanca Lake.
 Cosmo the Merry Martian was a comic book published by Archie Comics in the late 1950s. The comic was created by Bob White as a way to provide a family-appropriate comic for children with an interest in the then-current space race. The title character was the first Martian to visit the Earth. The title only lasted for six issues.
 Max Johann Otto Adolf Tortilowicz von Batocki-Friebe usually known as Adolf von Batocki-Friebe (31 July 1868 – 22 May 1944) was a German noble lawyer and politician and belonged to a Lithuanian noble family.[citation needed]Batocki-Friebe was born at Gut Bledau Cranz near Königsberg East Prussia.
 Zig (Persian: زيگ‎ also Romanized as Zīg) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District Sarvelayat District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 56 families.
 Flight of the Raven is the second full-length album by band Winnebago Deal.
 Live at Montreux is an DVD/Blu-ray/CD release from Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette released on April 22 2013. The DVD/Blu-ray was filmed at Montreux Jazz Festival Switzerland. The concert was recorded as part of Morissette's Guardian Angel Tour in her third appearance at the festival showing several tracks of the album Havoc and Bright Lights which had not yet been released at that time.
 Susan Bonilla (born June 22 1960) is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly. She is a Democrat representing the 14th district encompassing parts of Contra Costa and Solano counties. Prior to being elected to the state assembly she was a member of the Contra Costa County Board of Supervisors.
 Agyrtiola is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Agyrtiola niepelti which is found in Brazil.
 Much Afraid is the second album of Christian band Jars of Clay. It was released in 1997 by Essential Records.Much Afraid was highly anticipated after the success of the band's first album but due to a noticeable stylistic shift the album was not as well received. Despite debuting at #8 on the Billboard 200 chart (the group's eponymous debut had failed to reach the Top 40) it quickly slid down the chart its sales failing to match those of its predecessor.
 Liophlaeothrips is a genus of thrips in the family Phlaeothripidae.
 The Museum of Modern Art in Antwerp (Dutch: Museum van Hedendaagse Kunst commonly abbreviated as M HKA previously MuHKA) is the contemporary art museum of the city of Antwerp Belgium and it is one of the most important art museums in Belgium.
 Stronghold – The Collector's Hit Box is a compilation album by American singer Jennifer Rush.Released in 2007 the collection was widely anticipated by fans. The album came as a 3 CD box set featuring single releases remixes and previously unreleased material. Among the rare tracks were four unreleased James Bond themes that Rush had recorded in the early 1980s before her fame.
 The Eucharitidae are a family of parasitic wasps known as eucharitid wasps. Eucharitid wasps are members of the superfamily Chalcidoidea and consist of three subfamilies: Oraseminae Eucharitinae and Gollumiellinae. Most of the 55 genera and 417 species of Eucharitidae are members of the Oraseminae and Eucharitinae subfamilies and are found in tropical regions of the world.Eucharitids are specialized parasitoids of ants meaning each species is usually only parasitic of one genus of ant.
 Kevin Greenaugh PhD (born May 15 1956) is an American nuclear engineer and senior manager at the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) in Washington DC USA.Greenaugh manages over one and a half billion-dollar program in nuclear deterrent research and development. He is responsible for the development of computer models and for conducting research and testing at world-class experimental facilities.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Andrzejewo 16 km (10 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 100 km (62 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 210.
 Stranger on the Loose (2003) is the second book by American author D. Harlan Wilson. It contains twenty-seven irreal short stories and flash fiction as well as a novella Igsnay Bürdd the Animal Trainer. Pieces in this collection originally appeared in magazines and journals such as Eclectica Magazine The Dream People Locus Novus 3 A.M. Magazine Jack Magazine Diagram Riverbabble and Redsine. The book is illustrated by British storyboard artist Simon Duric.
 Epilogue is a special release album from Korean hip-hop group Epik High. The album is a collection of unreleased tracks from the group's discography spanning 7 years and 11 albums. It is also the first album released without DJ Tukutz due to his departure for the Korean military in October 2009.Epilogue debuted #1 on the U.S.
 Chroustov (Nymburk District) is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is located 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Nymburk and 69 kilometres (43 mi) east of Prague.The municipality covers an area of 7.44 square kilometres (2.87 sq mi) and as of 2006 it had a population of 225.First written notice about the village is from year 1369.
 The Maison Morisset (also known by its nickname La Brimbale) is a farmhouse built in 1678 during the seigneurial system of New France. Located in the municipality of Sainte-Famille on Île d'Orléans the Maison Morisset was classified as a historic site and building by the Ministry of Culture and Communications of Quebec on June 7 1962.
 The Chicago Milwaukee and St. Paul Depot in Yankton South Dakota was built in 1905 by the Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (otherwise known as The Milwaukee Road).Prior to the 1870s Yankton was served by steamboats along the Missouri River. As service declined railroads took over to serve the communities in South Dakota. In the late 1870s the Dakota Southern Railroad entered Yankton. Shortly afterward the Dakota Southern was bought by The Milwaukee Road.
 Luxury of Life is the debut album by the British pop group Five Star. Though not a great success when it was first released in the summer of 1985 the album eventually peaked at number 12 in early 1986 and spent a total of 70 weeks in the UK Albums Chart. It was certified Platinum in October 1986 for sales of over 300000 copies in the UK.
 Satin Sheets is the second studio album released by American country artist Jeanne Pruett. The album was released in June 1973 on MCA Records and was produced by Walter Haynes. The album contained Pruett's first major hit and signature song of the same name as the album. The single reached number one on the Billboard Country Chart. The album was released in late spring 1973.
 Mount Nitai (Hebrew: הר נתאי‎ Har Nitai) is a mountain in Israel; it is situated west of the Sea of Galilee and north of the city of Tiberias and is due west of Mount Arbel. Har Nitai is named after Nittai of Arbela. The cliffs of both Nitai and Arbel are visible when looking southwest from Capernaum on the shore of the Sea of Galillee.A valley with a stream through it separates Har Nitai from Har Arbel.
 The Wire is a British avant garde music magazine founded in 1982 by jazz promoter Anthony Wood and journalist Chrissie Murray. The magazine initially concentrated on contemporary jazz and improvised music but branched out in the early 1990s to various types of experimental music.
 Pierre-Alexis (Pitre) Tremblay (December 27 1827 – January 4 1879) was a surveyor and Quebec political figure. He was a Liberal member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1867 to 1875 and 1878 to 1879.He was born at La Malbaie Lower Canada in 1827 and studied at the Petit Séminaire of Quebec. Near the end of 1853 he began carrying out surveys in the Saguenay region.
 Fiend Folio is any of three products published for successive editions of the fantasy role-playing game Dungeons & Dragons (D&D). All three are collections of monsters making each Fiend Folio a sequel to that edition's version of the Monster Manual.The bulk of the material in the first edition came from the British gaming magazine White Dwarf rather than being authored by Gary Gygax the game's creator.
 Chers zoiseaux is a play by French dramatist Jean Anouilh.
 Bukowie [buˈkɔvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Wilków 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Namysłów and 60 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Pear Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island north of Elsie Lake east of Nimnim Lake.
 John David Waiheʻe III (born May 19 1946) served as the fourth Governor of Hawaii from 1986 to 1994. He was the first American of Native Hawaiian descent to be elected to the office from any state of the United States. After his tenure in the governor's office Waiheʻe became a nationally prominent attorney and lobbyist.
 Grand Canyon: A Different View is a 2003 book edited by Tom Vail. The book features a series of photographs of the Grand Canyon illustrating 20 essays by creationists Steve Austin John Baumgardner Duane Gish Ken Ham Russell Humphreys Henry Morris John D. Morris Andrew A. Snelling Larry Vardiman John Whitcomb and Kurt Wise.
 Bouncing Souls Live is a live album by New Jersey punk rock band The Bouncing Souls. It was released on November 22 2005. It is their first full-length live release although they did previously release a live EP Tie One On.
 Destiny's Way is the fifteenth installment of the New Jedi Order series of Star Wars novels. It was written by Walter Jon Williams and published in 2002 by Del Rey Books (ISBN 0-345-42850-1).
 Maya Lokam or Mayalokam (English title: Magic World; Telugu: మాయలోకం) is a 1945 Telugu film directed by Gudavalli Ramabrahmam.It is a debut film for veteran actor and producer B. Padmanabham.
 36 China Town is a 2006 Bollywood comedy murder mystery film directed by Abbas-Mustan. A Bollywood adaptation of Once Upon A Crime (1992) the film is a murder mystery that follows the investigation of a police officer trying to find the killer of a wealthy casino owner Sonia Chang.
 New York Mills is a village in Oneida County New York USA. The population was 3327 at the 2010 census.The Village of New York Mills is partly in the Town of Whitestown and partly in the Town of New Hartford. It is a western suburb of the City of Utica.
 Eleutherodactylus pentasyringos is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Jamaica. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 BUG is a Croatian monthly computer and information technology magazine established in 1992. Published by the BUG publishing company it is currently the most popular computer magazine in the country. It focuses primarily on PC hardware and software technology. The magazine also includes sections for video games news columnist writing (John C.
 Hyblaea puera commonly known as the teak defoliator is a moth native to southeast Asia. The species has also been recently reported to be present in Central America and Africa. The caterpillar feeds on teak and other species of trees common in the region.
 The Ghadames Museum is a museum located in Ghadames Libya. With its multiple wings the museum specialises in Berber history and area wildlife.
 Mr. Idol (Hangul: Mr. 아이돌; RR: Mr. A-i-dol) is a 2011 South Korean film written and directed by Ra Hee-chan. Ra called it a movie that captures young people's dreams through music.Ji Hyun-woo Jay Park Jang Seo-won and Randy Kim play four young men who come from different walks of life to form an idol band united by their love of music.
 Gebke (Wennemen) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Beaver River also known as the Beavermouth Creek or Beaver Creek is a tributary of the Columbia River in British Columbia Canada joining that river in the Rocky Mountain Trench northwest of the town of Golden. It enters the Columbia via Kinbasket Lake.The Beaver River is the eastern egress from the Rogers Pass and its valley is the route of the Trans-Canada Highway and Canadian Pacific Railway on that side of the pass and it is located in Glacier National Park.
 Barnacle Bill (released in the US as All at Sea) is a 1957 Ealing Studios comedy film starring Alec Guinness. He plays an unsuccessful Royal Navy officer and six of his maritime ancestors. This was the last film Guinness made for Ealing Studios. By coincidence his first Ealing success was Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949) in which he also played multiple roles. The film was written by T. E. B. Clarke the screenwriter of Kind Hearts and Coronets.
 Halgera (Kannada: ) is a panchayat village in the southern state of Karnataka India. Administratively Halgera is under Yadgir Taluka of Yadgir District in Karnataka. The village of Halgera is 14 km by road southeast of the town of Yadgir and 6 km by road northeast of the village of Zinkera. The nearest railhead is in Yadgir.There are three villages in the gram panchayat: Halgera Maskehhalli and Raisabad Hosahalli.
 Blue Skied An' Clear is a two-disc compilation featuring various artists from Morr Music covering songs from the shoegazer band Slowdive on the first disc and composing songs inspired by Slowdive on the second disc. It was released in 2002 by Morr Music and was the label's 30th release. In addition to serving as a showcase of the Morr Music roster this release serves as a testament to the resurgence or revival of the shoegazing sound in this particular realm of electronica or IDM.
 Liptena similis the Similar Liptena is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon and Gabon.
 Edificio Olympo is a skyscraper in the city of Santa Cruz on the Tenerife Canary Islands Spain. Completed in 1975 has 19 floors and rises 57 meters. Lies on the Plaza de la Candelaria 1 near some other skyscrapers including Torres de Santa Cruz and Rascacielos de la avenida Tres de Mayo. It has an innovative and distinctive look. Main usage: offices residential and shopping center.
 Herman Johannes (28 May 1912 – 17 October 1992) was an Indonesian professor scientist and politician. Johannes was the rector of Univeristas Gadjah Mada in Yogyakarta (1961–1966) Coordinator for Higher Education from 1966 to 1979 a member of Indonesia’s Presidential Supreme Advisory Council (Dewan Pertimbangan Agung or DPA) from 1968 to 1978 and the Minister for Public Works and Energy (1950–1951). He was also a member of the Executive Board of UNESCO from 1954 to 1957.
 Good Luck Sweetheart (Portuguese: Boa sorte meu amor) is a 2012 Brazilian drama film directed by Daniel Aragão.
 The History of the Russian Revolution by Leon Trotsky is a 3 volume book on the Russian Revolution of 1917 first published in 1930 translated into English by Max Eastman in 1932. The three parts are: The Overthrow of Tzarism The Attempted Counter-Revolution and The Triumph of the Soviets. It is considered an important and unique work as a history of a major event written by someone who took a leading role in it.
 Steenkampsberg (Afrikaans: Steenkampsberge) is a South African mountain plateau in the Dullstroom - Belfast district of Mpumalanga Province. The plateau consists largely of high-altitude grassland ranging between 1700 and 2274 metres broken by rocky outcrops.
 The Jefferson Ordnance Magazine in Jefferson Texas United States is located 0.3 miles northeast of the US-59B crossing of Big Cypress Bayou. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.It is located across the Big Cypress Bayou waterway from Jefferson and Cypress Bayou Railway. It is claimed by the railway operators and tour guides to be the only remaining Confederate powder magazine from the 1860s.
 Innocence is 10th album of American neo-psychedelic rock band Pontiak released on January 28 2014. It had relatively positive reception from critics by scoring 73 on Metascore. Ryan J. Prado from Paste Magazine says “Pontiak” and “ballad” were probably never supposed to be in the same sentence together but the band’s insistence on its soft side for even a few songs is an exciting prospect that makes Innocence a diamond in the rough. The album was released in both CD and vinyl versions.
 The Tour de Don (1998 m) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps located west of Vionnaz in the Swiss canton of Valais. The summit lies within a few hundreed metres from the border with France.
 St John the Baptist's Church Yarburgh is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Yarburgh Lincolnshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The village lies away from main roads some 5 miles (8 km) northeast of Louth.
 John Alan Berthelot known as Johnny Berthelot (born November 1951) is a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 88 based in his hometown of Gonzales in eastern Ascension Parish near Baton Rouge Louisiana. He was the mayor of Gonzales from 1984 until 2008.The son of J. O. Berthelot and the former Doris Hebert the Roman Catholic Berthelot attended St. Theresa Catholic School and Gonzales High School.
 The Purple Leaf Blue Amblypodia anita (sometimes simply called Leaf Blue) is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.16x Media related to Amblypodia anita at Wikimedia Commons16x Data related to Amblypodia anita at Wikispecies
 The Armista Apartments known also as the Waldorf Apartments at 555 E. 100 South in Salt Lake City Utah were built in 1927. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.The building is significant as representing the urbanization of Salt Lake City during 1890-1930 a period in which more than 180 urban apartments (apartment buildings) were built.
 La Nyalla Mahmud Matalitti (born 10 May 1959) is the vice-chairman of the Football Association of Indonesia (PSSI).
 William Ferdinand Alphonse Turgeon OC PC (June 3 1877 – January 11 1969) was a Canadian politician and judge in the Province of Saskatchewan. He also served as a diplomat for the Government of Canada.
 The Hampton Roads Naval Museum is one of the 12 Navy museums that are operated by the Naval History & Heritage Command. It celebrates the long history of the U.S. Navy in the Hampton Roads region of Virginia. It is co-located with the Nauticus National Maritime Center in downtown Norfolk Virginia. In 2009 the Hampton Roads Naval Museum was accredited by the American Association of Museum Accreditation the gold standard for museum accreditation.
 The Return is a 2006 American psychological thriller film directed by Asif Kapadia. The film stars Sarah Michelle Gellar Kate Beahan Peter O'Brien and Sam Shepard. It was released theatrically on November 10 2006 and on DVD on February 27 2007. The Blu-ray Disc was released on October 6 2009.
 Coregonus alpinus is a species of freshwater whitefish in the family Salmonidae. It is endemic to Lake Thun in Switzerland's Interlaken region where it is found in deep water. The maximum length recorded for this species is 25 centimetres (9.8 in). It feeds on chironomids and other bottom-dwelling invertebrates. It is known as the kropfer a name also applied to the probably extinct species Coregonus restrictus.
 Hylettus stigmosus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Monné in 1982 and is known from southeastern Brazil.
 Lashkar Gah Mosque is a mosque in the city of Lashkar Gah in Helmand province of south-western Afghanistan.
 Koryciany [kɔrɨˈt͡ɕanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Paprotnia 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 103 km (64 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Edavanakad is a part of Vypin islands which comes under the Ernakulam district of Kerala India. It is a suburb of Cochin city. The Vypin - Munambam state highway passes through the village. Its western border is Arabian Sea the eastern Border is Vembanadu Lake the northern border is Kuzhupilly village and the southern Border is Nayarambalam village.
 Second Effort is a 1968 sales training film starring Vince Lombardi the Hall of Fame head coach of the Green Bay Packers. The film also featured veteran character actor Ron Masak and other members of the Green Bay Packers organization including offensive lineman Jerry Kramer. It has been cited as a classic and as the best-selling training film of all time. The film is still in use in leadership and management courses.
 Mansfield Armory is a historic National Guard armory located in Mansfield Pennsylvania in Tioga County. It was built in 1938-1939 for the 108th Ambulance Company 103rd Medical Regiment of the Pennsylvania National Guard. The utilitarian brick 94-by-104-foot (29 by 32 m) building has a center drill hall rising above the surrounding one story section.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Roccabella is a condominium complex under construction in Montreal Quebec Canada located next to the Bell Centre in downtown Montreal at Mountain Street and René-Lévesque Blvd.The project consists of two 40-floor towers containing 552 condominium units.Construction began in 2013 with an expected completion date in 2016 for the first tower.
 The Mother of Kings (Polish: Matka Królów) is a Polish drama film made in 1982 but not released until 1987 directed by Janusz Zaorski. It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement.
 A French Kiss in the Chaos is the second album by Reverend And The Makers which was released on 27 July 2009. The album's first single was Silence is Talking released on 20 July 2009 and the second album single No Soap (in a Dirty War) was released on 14 September 2009.
 Put the Book Back on the Shelf: A Belle & Sebastian Anthology is an anthology comic book published by Image Comics. The book features 24 comics by various writers and artists based on songs by the Scottish indie pop band Belle & Sebastian. It was released on March 8 2006.The title of the book comes from a track on the EP 3.. 6.. 9 Seconds of Light.
 So Jealous is a studio album by Canadian band Tegan and Sara released on September 14 2004. It is their third album on Vapor Records and their fourth overall. One track on the album Walking with a Ghost was later covered by The White Stripes and became the title song of their EP Walking with a Ghost. The album art was created by designer EE Storey.
 Prey is a 2009 Australian supernatural horror film directed by George T. Miller written by Miller and John V. Soto and starring former Neighbours actress and Rogue Traders lead singer Natalie Bassingthwaighte and American Jesse Johnson. It grossed $744 at the box office.
 Robert L. Rock (September 8 1927 – January 9 2013) was an American politician who served as the Lieutenant Governor of Indiana from 1965 to 1969 and as the Mayor of Anderson Indiana from 1972 to 1980. He was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Indiana in 1968 but lost to Republican Edgar Whitcomb.
 Shelgerd (Persian: شلگرد‎ also Romanized as Shalgerd and Shalgird) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District Torqabeh District Torqabeh and Shandiz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 28 families.
 Ectoedemia klimeschi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in eastern and south-eastern Europe where it is especially common in the Danube basin from western Germany to Romania. It has also been recorded from eastern Germany Poland Switzerland and northern Italy.The wingspan is 6-8.2 mm. Adults are on wing in June and July. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Populus alba. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Cordillera Negra (Spanish for black range) is part of the Cordillera Oriental one of three mountain ranges in the Andes Mountains of west central Peru.
 Liesel (Liese) Prokop-Sykora (27 March 1941 — 31 December 2006) was an Austrian athlete who competed mainly in the pentathlon and later in her life a politician.
 The blue rainbowfish Melanotaenia caerulea is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family endemic to Papua New Guinea. It is found mostly in the lower and middle Kikori drainage system.
 The Bottle River is a river that forms part of the Canada–United States border between Minnesota and Ontario.
 Vračević is a village situated in Lajkovac municipality in Serbia.
 Kurosawa's Way (French: Kurosawa la voie) is a 2011 French documentary directed and written by Catherine Cadou. The film features 11 major filmmakers from Asia America and Europe as they discuss how the films of Japanese director Akira Kurosawa influenced them.
 Charlie Chaplin is a 2002 Tamil comedy film directed by Sakthi Chidambaram starring Prabhu Ganesan and Prabhu Deva. The film's commercial success led to remakes into Telugu (Pellam Oorelithe) Hindi (No Entry) Malayalam (Happy Husbands) and Kannada languages (Kalla Malla Sulla). Prabhu won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award Special Prize for his performance in the film.
 Executive Tower (Spanish: Torre Ejecutiva) the name of the working place of the President of Uruguay. The original project was started in 1965 as a future Palace of Justice but the 1973 coup d'état interrupted it.By the time the military government ended in 1985 the building was too small for the Uruguayan justice system so the project remained halted for decades until in March 2006 President Tabaré Vázquez decided to finish the building and use it as an extension of the Estévez Palace.
 Todd Mitchell Palin (born September 6 1964) is an American oil field production operator commercial fisherman and champion snowmobile racer winning the Tesoro Iron Dog race four times. He is also the husband of former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin the 2008 vice-presidential nominee of the Republican Party.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Mr. Ho (Mr.ホー) is a one-shot manga drawn and written by Akira Toriyama. It appeared in Weekly Shonen Jump #49 in 1986 and was later released in the compilation Tankōbon Akira Toriyama's Manga Theater Vol. 2.
 The George Felpel House is located on NY 9H in Claverack New York United States. It is a stone Colonial Revival and Dutch Colonial Revival house built in the 1920s.Its stones are the remnants of Claverack College which existed on the property from 1779 to 1902. Local architect Henry Mouls designed it in Colonial revival style with some aspects of genuine Colonial architecture from the region. In 1997 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Barbara Radziwiłłówna is a Polish historical film. It was released in 1936. It was the first feature film transmitted by Polish television during its test phase (26 August 1939).
 Euphaedra semipreussiana the Korup Orange Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.
 Infernal Affairs II is a 2003 Hong Kong crime-thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak.It is a prequel to the 2002 film Infernal Affairs. Anthony Wong Eric Tsang Edison Chen Shawn Yue and Chapman To reprise their roles from the original film alongside new cast members Carina Lau Francis Ng Roy Cheung and Hu Jun.
 Aladdin Sane is the sixth album by David Bowie released by RCA Records in 1973. The follow-up to his breakthrough The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars it was the first album he wrote and released as a bona fide rock star.
 Cross Shot (originally titled La legge violenta della squadra anticrimine) is a 1976 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Stelvio Massi. It was filmed in Apulia between Bari and Trani.
 Make Them Die Slowly is the second album by White Zombie released in 1989. It is presumably named after the 1981 cannibal movie Cannibal Ferox which was originally released in the US as Make Them Die Slowly. There is a printing error on the CD's side saying Let Them Die Slowly instead of the album's proper title. It was the band's only album with John Ricci on guitar.
 Boney Peak is a peak of the sandstone Boney Mountain formation in Circle X Ranch Park of the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area in Southern California. It is one of the highest points in the Santa Monica Mountains and is in Ventura County.Hiking trails reach Boney Mountain and Peak and feature views of the Pacific Ocean Channel Islands and Mount Baldy.
 Manuela Schwesig (born 23 May 1974 in Frankfurt (Oder) East Germany) is a German politician (SPD). She is currently the Federal Minister of Family Affairs Senior Citizens Women and Youth.
 Oenopota levidensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Rachid Talbi Alami (Arabic: رشيد الطالبي العلمي‎ ; born 1958 Tetouan) is a Moroccan politician of the National Rally of Independents party. He was Minister of Trade Industry and Telecommunication and Delegate-Minister for General and Economic Affairs in the cabinet of Driss Jettou. He was also Mayor of Tetouan.Talbi Alami holds a PhD in financial management from the university of Mohammed V.
 The Museum of European and Mediterranean Civilisations (MuCEM) (French: Musée des Civilisations de l'Europe et de la Méditerranée) is a national museum located in Marseille in the South of France. It was inaugurated on the 7th of June 2013 as part of the special year designating Marseille as the European Capital of Culture.
 Grey Oceans is the fourth full-length studio album by CocoRosie. It was released in May 2010. It is the band's Sub Pop Records debut since their departure from Touch and Go Records. The album has a different sound to former releases. The production is clearer; the instrumentation is brighter and less electronic. It features a common use of string instruments (mandolin on Trinity's Crying sitar on Smokey Taboo and harp on Gallows) and piano.
 Lachnocnema sosia is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda Kenya the Democratic Republic of Congo and northern Tanzania.
 Rąbinek [rɔmˈbinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Uncle Tungsten: Memories of a Chemical Boyhood is a memoir by Oliver Sacks about his childhood published in 2001. The book is named for Sacks's Uncle Dave owner of a business named Tungstalite which made incandescent lightbulbs with a tungsten filament whom Oliver nicknamed Uncle Tungsten. Uncle Tungsten was fascinated with tungsten and believed it was the metal of the future.It is an extremely readable primer in the history and science of chemistry.
 Alexandre-René Chaussegros de Léry (March 26 1818 – December 19 1880) was a Quebec seigneur lawyer and political figure. He was a Conservative member of the Senate of Canada for Lauzon division from 1871 to 1876 and also represented the same division in the Legislative Council of Quebec from 1867 to 1880.He was born at Quebec City in 1818 the son of seigneur Charles-Étienne Chaussegros de Léry and studied at the Petit Séminaire of Quebec.
 Conchatalos lacrima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Traveler's Gift - Seven Decisions That Determine Personal Success a book released in 2002 by author Andy Andrews and featured book selection of ABC's Good Morning America weaves a fictional tale about a man who loses his job and money but finds his way after he is magically transported into seven key points in history.
 Carlos Dávila López is a Puerto Rican politician from the New Progressive Party (PNP). Dávila served as member of the 21st Senate of Puerto Rico from 1997 to 2001.Dávila was elected to the Senate of Puerto Rico in the 1996 general election. He represented the District of Humacao along with Luis Felipe Navas.
 Daffy Duck and Porky Pig Meet the Groovie Goolies is a 1972 animated one-hour TV-movie (with a live-action segment near the end) that was part of The ABC Saturday Superstar Movie. In this Filmation-produced movie Daffy Duck Porky Pig and other Looney Tunes characters interact with the characters from the Filmation series Groovie Goolies.This movie is notable for being the one and only time that Warner Bros.
 Muuruejärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is situated in Viitasaari between two rapids Huopanankoski and Keihärinkoski.
 Sir James Stansfield PC (5 October 1820 – 17 February 1898) was a British politician. He was appointed the first ever President of the Local Government Board in 1871 an office he held until 1874 and again briefly in 1886.
 Eagle Creek is a 58.5-mile-long (94.1 km) river located 50 miles (80 km) northwest of Clifton Arizona USA at the base of the White Mountain Range. It is a tributary of the Gila River.
 Josser on the River is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Norman Lee and starring Ernie Lotinga Molly Lamont and Charles Hickman. Two seaside photographers become entangled with a blackmailer.
 The Hunt for Red October is Tom Clancy's 1984 debut novel. The story follows a CIA analyst leading a covert group of US Naval officers to steal a cutting-edge Soviet nuclear submarine from 26 defecting Soviet officers and the intertwined adventures of Soviet submarine captain Marko Aleksandrovich Ramius and Jack Ryan former Marine turned CIA analyst.The novel was originally published by the U.S.
 W. Curtis Thomas is a Democratic Party member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives District 181.
 Creature Academy is an all-ages/science fiction/fantasy comic series created by Kevin Hanna that ran for four issues and was published in a collected edition for the first time in 2013.In 2008 LeftJet announced that they had taken steps for a possible future film adaptation; The film The Creature Academy is currently in preproduction.
 Sandy Ground Historic Archeological is a historic archaeological site and national historic district located at Sandy Ground Staten Island New York. The district encompasses one contributing building and one contributing site.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Kimberly Crest House and Gardens is a French château-style Victorian mansion located in Redlands California. The property is a registered California Historical Landmark and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Emarat (Persian: عمارت‎ also Romanized as ‘Emārat) is a village in Rudbar Rural District Sirvan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 46 families.
 No Room is the third album released by Boulder Colorado band The Samples. The album was released on April 22 1992.
 Fort Massacre is a 1958 Western directed by Joseph M. Newman starring Joel McCrea Forrest Tucker and Susan Cabot. A possibly mad cavalry commander leads his troops through dangerous Indian territory.
 Camas Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Camas Lake is situated in the Camas Valley and is 1.25 miles (2.01 km) southeast of Lake Evangeline. Camas Lake is a 13 miles (21 km) hike one way from the trailhead along the North Fork Road.
 The Siege of White Deer Park is the fifth book of The Animals of Farthing Wood series. It was first published in 1985 and has since been included in a single book with In the Path of the Storm and Battle for the Park in the Second Omnibus edition (Hutchinson 1995).
 One Missed Call is a 2008 American supernatural horror film and remake of Takashi Miike's 2003 Japanese film One Missed Call which itself was based on the Yasushi Akimoto novel Chakushin Ari. The film was released in North America on January 4 2008 and was directed by Eric Valette and written by Andrew Klavan. The film starring Shannyn Sossamon was produced and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures.
 Barby Wells is a Republican Party activist. She is the current Chairperson of the Teenage Republicans.
 Balu (Persian: بلو‎ also Romanized as Balū; also known as Bahlad and Bahlū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Fortín de San Gerónimo del Boquerón is a small fort located in the mouth of the Condado Lagoon across from the historic sector of Miramar in San Juan Puerto Rico. It was built during the 17th century to replace a smaller battery (called El Boquerón) that stood at the easternmost end of the San Juan islet.
 The genus Palaemonias comprises two species of endangered albinistic obligate cave shrimp: Alabama cave shrimp – Palaemonias alabamae Smalley 1961 Kentucky cave shrimp – Palaemonias ganteri Hay 1901↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑
 Swanton is a village in Fulton and Lucas counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 3690 at the 2010 census.
 The Gift released in 1985 is the first solo album by former Ultravox frontman Midge Ure. It was released while Ultravox was taking a break; the band would go on to release U-Vox before splitting. The album reached #2 in the UK Albums Chart thanks in part to the large attention drawn to it by the single If I Was which reached #1 in the UK Singles Chart.
 James Kimble Vardaman (July 26 1861 – June 25 1930) was an American politician from the state of Mississippi serving as Governor of Mississippi from 1904 to 1908 and in the U.S. Senate from 1913 to 1919. Vardaman known as The Great White Chief advocated white supremacy. He said if it is necessary every Negro in the state will be lynched; it will be done to maintain white supremacy.
 Journey is the second album by Shimizu Shota released on March 3 2010. It was released in two versions: a regular edition (¥3059) and a limited edition including a DVD (¥3500).
 Tarpak is a village in the District of İnhisar Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 552 people.
 Talang (Persian: تلنگ‎ also Romanized as Teleng; also known as Taland and Telenk) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 374 in 70 families.
 St. Mark's Church is the Church of England parish church for the Broadwater Down area of Royal Tunbridge Wells Kent England in the Diocese of Rochester. Built in the 19th-century Gothic Revival style by Robert Lewis Roumieu it is a Grade II* listed building.
 For the 19th century British businessman see Sir John Musgrove 1st Baronet.John Musgrove is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives representing District 34 since 2000.
 Montreux '77 is a 1977 live album by Count Basie and his orchestra recorded at the 1977 Montreux Jazz Festival.
 Eugene Gano Hay (March 26 1853 - February 21 1933) was a Member of the Board of General Appraisers.
 Sound Off is a 1952 comedy film featuring several songs filmed in SuperCinecolor for Columbia Pictures starring Mickey Rooney. The film was shot in August 1951. The film was the first of a three picture contract between Rooney and producer Jonie Taps for Columbia where Rooney was paid $75000 for each picture. It is also the first collaboration between Richard Quine Blake Edwards and Dick Crockett.
 The Allegany County Courthouse is the Maryland Circuit court for Allegany County Maryland United States. It is located in Cumberland's Washington Street Historic District. Although many church spires dot the Cumberland landscape it is the Allegany County Courthouse that dominates this city's skyline. The building is prominently sited along Washington Street which rises sharply from Wills Creek running through the heart of Cumberland.
 Wax is the seventh studio album by French new wave band Indochine. It was released in 1996.
 McFarlane-Bredt House is a historic home located at Rosebank Staten Island New York. It was built originally about 1840 and is a two-story wood frame clapboard house in the Italian Villa style. It consists of four sections: the original two story central section built about 1840; the extension to the original section built about 1860; a wind added about 1870; and a three-story western addition completed in the 1890s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Protobactrites is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod belonging to the Orthoceratoidea that lived in what would be Europe and Asia during the Ordovician and Silurian from 466–421.3 mya existing for approximately 44.7 million years.
 Burnin' Beat is a 1962 studio album by drummers Buddy Rich and Gene Krupa the sequel to their 1955 album Krupa and Rich.
 Polytela cliens is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found through North Africa and the Sahara to Israel Jordan the Arabian Peninsula and to southern Iran.Adults are on wing from February to March. There is one generation per year. Part of the pupae diapause up to several years.Recorded food plants include Dipcadi serotinum and Pancratium tortuosum.
 Let Me In: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a soundtrack album for the film of the same name. It was released by Varèse Sarabande on October 12 2010. The soundtrack was composed by Academy Award winner Michael Giacchino.
 The Grape Plume Moth (Nippoptilia vitis) is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from Japan (Honshu Shikoku Kyushu Tsushima) Korea Taiwan China and Thailand.The wingspan is about 11 millimetres (0.43 in) and the length of the forewings is 7–8 millimetres (0.28–0.31 in).The larvae feed on Ampelopsis brevipedunculata Cayratia japonica Parthenocissus tricuspidata Vitis thunbergii and Vitis vinifera. They feed on the flowers leaves of their host plants.
 Prisoner of the Night is an album by Dutch hard rock band Golden Earring released in 1980. In the U.S.A. the album was titled: Long Blond Animal.
 Canagua River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Tonderan (Persian: تندران‎ also Romanized as Tonderān and Tanderān; also known as Tanderūn and Tundarūn) is a village in Var Posht Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1109 in 290 families.
 Rose Colored Glasses is the debut album by country music artist John Conlee. It was released on ABC Records and was his only disc for the label; he would move to MCA Records the next year.The album was a commercial success peaking just outside the country top 10 (at number 11) and would be his highest charting album until 1983.It featured 3 singles; the Conlee-written title track reached number 5 in America.
 Police Chief Antek (Antek policmajster) is a 1935 Polish comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 Tulsi Agarwal (Born 16 June 1959 in Kesinga Kalahandi district Odisha) is an Indian politician and a national executive member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)
 Steinwand is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Mercer County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Mercer Mercer County Pennsylvania. It was designed by the noted Youngstown architectural firm of Owsley & Boucherle and built in 1910-1911. It is a three-story rectangular red brick and light sandstone building in the Beaux-Arts style It measures 180 feet wide and 92 feet deep. It features a tall bell and clock tower.
 Platičevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Платичево) is a village in Serbia. It is located in the Ruma municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 2760 people (2002 census).
 Doupeimmat Jumala Seivaa is a studio album by Finnish rapper Ruudolf. Released in November 2004 it was the rapper's first album on the label Monsp Records. The album contains ten tracks nine of which produced by the rapper himself the other by Karri Koira. Guest appearances are made by Karri Koira and Aksim.
 Otis Blue: Otis Redding Sings Soul or simply Otis Blue released September 15 1965 on Stax Records is the third studio album by soul singer Otis Redding. The album mainly consists of cover songs by popular R&B and soul artists and bar one track was recorded in a 24-hour period over July 9/10 1965 at the Stax Recording Studios in Memphis Tennessee.
 St. Joseph Parish Church is the Roman Catholic church of the parish of Las Piñas just south of the city of Manila in the Philippines. The church is renowned as the house of the Las Piñas Bamboo Organ a pipe organ made mostly with bamboo pipes. To the right of the church is an old Spanish convent converted into a gift shop and the entrance for observing the organ up close. Also in the church complex is St.
 Achryson peracchii is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Martins in 1976. It is known from southeastern Brazil.
 Live in Concert 1979 is the title of a video by French singer Amanda Lear first released in 1980.
 Pomacanthus is a genus of marine angelfish that is usually found around reefs and coral. Some of the notable places one can see these vari-coloured fish includes the Maldives Sri Lanka and Sipidan off the southern coast of Sabah Malaysia. Generally the patterns and colors of these fish under go a major transformation from juvenile to adult forms. The juveniles may even appear to be a different species.
 William Randolph Carpenter (April 24 1894 in Marion Kansas – July 26 1956 in Topeka Kansas) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas and a U.S. Army World War I veteran. He died in Topeka Kansas July 26 1956 and was interred in Highland Cemetery Marion Kansas.
 Veliko Pupavce is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 79 people.
 The Southern Wainscot (Mythimna straminea) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the western parts of the Palearctic ecozone including Morocco Europe Turkey the Caucasus Israel and LebanonThe wingspan is 32 to 40 millimetres (1.3 to 1.6 in). The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Phragmites and Phalaris..
 Luan Skuqi (born October 25 1951 in Kavajë) is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.
 Bare Bones is a 2010 acoustic live album by Canadian rock singer Bryan Adams.The album was certified gold in India.
 Aborolabis cerrobarjai is a species of earwig in the genus Aborolabis the family Anisolabididae the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera.
 The Lupine Blue (Aricia lupini) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from south-western Canada south through much of mountainous and intermountain western United States and high plains to northern Mexico.The wingspan is 22–29 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August in one generation in the Sierra Nevada of eastern California. Elsewhere there are several generations from March to July. The larvae feed on Eriogonum umbellatum and Eriogonum fasciculatum.
 10 Upper Bank Street is a skyscraper located in Canary Wharf in the Docklands area of London. It was completed in 2003 and is 151 m (495 ft) tall and has 32-stories.It was designed by the architectural firm Kohn Pedersen Fox and built by Canary Wharf Contractors.The majority of the building is occupied by the law firm Clifford Chance and serves as its world headquarters. A few floors are rented to other tenants including the FTSE Group MasterCard KPMG LOCOG Total S.A.
 Baden-Powell House colloquially known as B-P House is a Scouting hostel and conference centre in South Kensington London which was built as a tribute to Lord Baden-Powell the founder of Scouting.
 St. John Chrysostom's Church is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York in the Morrisania section of the New York City borough of the Bronx.
 Lunatics and Lovers (Italian: Culastrisce nobile veneziano) is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Flavio Mogherini.
 Unwired: Africa is a world music benefit compilation album originally released in 2000 with proceeds going to Amnesty International. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the release features African acoustic music from traditional to pop. The compilation was produced and compiled by Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network.
 Prionodraco evansii is a species of Antarctic dragonfish native to an the Southern Ocean where it is found at depths of from 70 to 550 metres (230 to 1800 ft) on the Antarctic continental shelf as well as at the tip of the Antarctic Peninsula and around the South Orkney Islands and the South Shetland Islands. This species grows to a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Vestire gli ignudi is a 1953 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 The Paltinu River is a headwater of the Rândibou river in Romania.
 Patrick M. Hughes (born September 19 1942) is a retired United States Army officer who served the 12th Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency. Previously he was Director of Intelligence (J-2) and DIA Joint Staff in the Office of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from 1994 to 1996 and the Director of Intelligence (J-2) at United States Central Command from 1992–1994.
 St George Hospital is a multispeciality hospital near the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) in the Fort district of Mumbai. It was also known as the European General Hospital as it initially catered for European patients only.It is currently part of the Sir JJ Group of Hospitals Mumbai.
 The Trees They Grow So High (also Early One Morning) is the debut album of English soprano Sarah Brightman. The album consists of European folk songs with arrangements by Benjamin Britten and accompanying piano by Geoffrey Parsons.
 Assabah (Arabic: الصباح‎) is a daily arabophone Moroccan newspaper.
 The Summer Job is a 2014 horror novel by Adam Cesare. The book was published on January 7 2014 through Samhain Publishing and centers upon a young woman that takes a summer job that might cost her her life.
 Eupithecia unicolor is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found from British Columbia south to California.The wingspan is about 21 mm. The forewings are violaceous with two black oblique cross lines. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to November.The larvae feed on Juniperus scopulorum Thuja plicata and Chamaecyparis nootkatensis. The larvae are twig mimics. They are mottled yellowish green with a brown head. Full-grown larvae reach a length of about 20 mm.
 Średnica-Jakubowięta [ɕrɛdˈnit͡sa jakubɔˈvjɛnta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Overnight is the third album released by American pop band Parachute. This album followed the band’s first album Losing Sleep and the second album The Way It Was. The third album was released on August 13 2013 by Mercury Records. In this album the band was pushed further into the pop music industry by creating a new more upbeat sound that was not heard as much in their previous albums. Parachute immediately began touring upon the release of this album.
 Gulf Colorado and Santa Fe Railroad Passenter Station is located on 1501 Jones Street in Fort Worth Texas. The depot was built by the Gulf Colorado and Santa Fe Railroad (a subsidiary of the Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railway) in 1900 and renovated in 1938. The station was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. From 1973 to 1995 it was used as an Amtrak station.
 The Fake EP is the debut release from Christian recording artist Joy Whitlock. It was released on Ardent Records on November 11 2005. The album received positive reviews. The EP contains 5 original songs written by Whitlock (Colors by Whitlock and Drew Thomas) shortly after her conversion dealing heavily with themes of redemption and the difficult struggles of being a Christian.
 Pieter Kenyon Fleming-Voltelyn van der Byl ID (11 November 1923 – 15 November 1999) was a South African-born Rhodesian politician who served as the country's Foreign Minister from 1974 to 1979 as a member of the Rhodesian Front (RF). A close associate of Prime Minister Ian Smith van der Byl opposed attempts to compromise with the British government and domestic black nationalist opposition on the issue of majority rule throughout most his time in government.
 Fallen Angels is a 2008 film directed by Morten Tyldum. It was nominted for numerous Amanda Awards in 2008.
 The Wedge-billed Hummingbird (Schistes geoffroyi) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is placed in the monotypic genus Schistes but sometimes merged with the visorbearers in Augastes.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Dear Love: A Beautiful Discord is the debut studio album by American band The Devil Wears Prada. It was released on August 22 2006 through Rise Records. It includes re-recorded versions of all the tracks from their demo Patterns of a Horizon and two original tracks Texas is South and Dogs Can Grow Beards All Over. The closing track Salvation features guest vocals by Cole Wallace of Gwen Stacy. Dogs Can Grow Beards All Over is available for download via the Rock Band Network.
 Kem (Russian: Кемь Finnish: Kemijoki) is a river in Republic of Karelia Russia. It starts from Lake Lower Kuyto and flows through a number of lakes into the White Sea. There is a cascade of 5 hydroelectric power plants. A town of Kem is located in the mouth of the Kem River. Tributaries: Chirka-Kem Kepa Shomba.
 Taviran-e Sofla (Persian: طاويران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ţāvīrān-e Soflá; also known as Ţāvīrān-e Vostá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 25 families.
 Chamchuri Square is a high-rise building complex located in Bangkok Thailand. It consists of a commercial office tower a residential tower and a podium housing a shopping mall which connects the two. Owned by Chulalongkorn University construction on the complex began in 1994 but was halted from 1996 to 2005 and later completed in 2008. With forty floors and a height of 173 metres (568 ft) the office tower is the thirty-eighth-tallest building in Thailand as of 2009.
 Check Your Guns is a 1948 film directed by Ray Taylor. It stars Eddie Dean.
 The Bridge of San Luis Rey is American author Thornton Wilder's second novel first published in 1927 to worldwide acclaim. It tells the story of several interrelated people who die in the collapse of an Inca rope bridge in Peru and the events that lead up to their being on the bridge. A friar who has witnessed the tragic accident then goes about inquiring into the lives of the victims seeking some sort of cosmic answer to the question of why each had to die.
 Frank Watson (born July 26 1945) was a Republican member of the Illinois Senate representing the 51st district from 1983 to 2009 and served as Senate Republican Leader before he resigned that position in late 2008 for health reasons. He was Assistant Majority Leader from 1993 to 2002 and previously served as a State Representative from 1979 to 1982.
 The Loves of Madame Dubarry a.k.a. I Give My Heart is a 1935 British historical film adapted from the stage operetta The DuBarry. Directed by Marcel Varnel and produced by J. H. Hoffberg Company. It is based on the life of Madame Du Barry.
 Mount Tsurumi (鶴見岳 Tsurumidake) is a 1374.5 m (4510 ft) volcano in Beppu Ōita Japan.
 The Midas Schoolhouse located on Second St. two blocks east of Main St. in Midas Nevada is a historic schoolhouse that was built in 1928. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).Its NRHP nomination argued that the building is significant for its association with the educational and social history of the remote early-twentieth-century mining town. It includes Craftsman architecture.
 El Calpense was a Spanish language newspaper that was published in the then Crown colony (now British overseas territory) of Gibraltar between 1868 and 1982.
 Idol Songs: 11 of the Best is a compilation album by English rock vocalist Billy Idol released in 1988. It comprises all the singles released from his first three albums Billy Idol Rebel Yell and Whiplash Smile in non-chronological order. A limited edition version also contained a further four remixes. The album reached number 2 in the UK.The album has been certified by BPI platinum.It was reissued with a different title and cover artwork in 2003 as The Essential.
 The Johns House is a historic house in White Springs Florida. It is located at the junction of CR 135 and Adams Memorial Drive. On July 10 1998 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Walt Disney: Hollywood's Dark Prince is a biography by Marc Eliot presenting a darker picture of entertainer Walt Disney than his popular perception. Eliot alleges lifelong anti-Semitism and he also documents Disney's covert activities on behalf of the House Un-American Activities Committee as a spy against Communists in Hollywood.
 Boleścice [bɔlɛɕˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Sędziszów 15 km (9 mi) west of Jędrzejów and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 370.
 GameRoom Magazine was an American magazine focusing on arcade games (pinball jukebox and video games). It was founded in 1988 by Dave C. and Donna Cooper of New Albany Indiana and was created to serve the growing market of coin-op memorabilia collectors hobbyists and restorers. The first issue dated January 1989 focused on jukeboxes.
 Manslaughter is a 1930 film directed by George Abbott and starring Claudette Colbert and Fredric March. An original print of the film is saved in the UCLA Film and Television Archive.This film is a sound remake of Cecil B. DeMille's 1922 silent classic Manslaughter. Paramount also released a French-language version of this 1930 film as Le réquisitoire directed by Dimitri Buchowetzki.
 Hon Kwok City Center is a skyscraper under construction in Shenzhen China.
 Rosa Luxemburg (also Rozalia Luxenburg; Polish: Róża Luksemburg; 5 March 1871 – 15 January 1919) was a Marxist theorist philosopher economist and revolutionary socialist of Polish Jewish descent who became a naturalized German citizen.
 The Zanskar River is a north-flowing tributary of the Indus. In its upper reaches the Zanskar has two main branches. First of these the Doda has its source near the Pensi-la 4400 m (14400 ft) mountain-pass and flows south-eastwards along the main Zanskar valley leading towards Padum the capital of Zanskar.
 Kootenay Pass known locally as the Salmo-Creston is a mountain pass in the Selkirk Mountains of British Columbia Canada. It is utilized by the Crowsnest Highway to transverse the Selkirks connecting the communities of Salmo and Creston.
 Weird City: Sense of Place and Creative Resistance in Austin Texas is a non-fiction scholarly text by Joshua Long published in 2010 by University of Texas Press. The book uses the Keep Austin Weird movement as a central focus to discuss the social cultural and economic changes occurring in Austin Texas at the beginning of the 21st century.
 Mount Yufu (由布岳 Yufudake) is a 1583.3 m (5195 ft) volcano located on the border of Yufu and Beppu Ōita Japan.
 Kurowice [kurɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Hahnenfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jerzmanowa within Głogów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) north of Jerzmanowa 5 km (3 mi) south-west of Głogów and 90 km (56 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has an approximate population of 279 people as of April 2011.
 Conus pulcher is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous.
 Tytroca dispar is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in semi-deserts and deserts from the Sahara the Arabian Peninsula Israel Jordan and the Sinai.The female adult of this species has a wingspan of 27mm.There are multiple generations per year. Adults are on wing year round.The larvae feed on Acacia species.
 Wunschkonzert (Request Concert) is a 1940 German drama propaganda film by Eduard von Borsody. After Die grosse Liebe it was the most popular film of wartime Germany reaching the second highest gross.
 Voodoo is an album by The Sonny Clark Memorial Quartet which comprises John Zorn on alto saxophone Wayne Horvitz on keyboards Ray Drummond on bass and Bobby Previte on drums. The album was released in 1986 on Black Saint Records and features the compositions of hard bop pianist Sonny Clark.
 The Newcomes is a novel by William Makepeace Thackeray first published in 1855.
 King Queen Knave is a 1972 West German comedy film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski based on the novel of the same name by Vladimir Nabokov. It was entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival.
 High Hell is a 1958 American film set in the Canadian Rockies.
 The Balleza River or Río Balleza is a river of Mexico. It is a tributary of the Rio Conchos which in turn flows into the Rio Grande.
 The Marshall Democrat-News is a local newspaper published in Marshall Missouri serving Saline County. The paper is published Monday through Friday and reports a circulation of 3063.
 Kumamoto Prefectural Theater (熊本県立劇場 Kumamoto kenritsu gekijō) is a centre for the performing arts in Kumamoto Kumamoto Prefecture Japan. It opened in 1982 and has two main spaces: a concert hall that seats 1813 and a theatre that seats 1183. Maekawa Kunio was the architect with acoustical design by Nagata Acoustics.
 Headhunters (Norwegian: Hodejegerne) is a 2011 Norwegian action thriller film based on the 2008 novel of the same name by Jo Nesbø. The film was directed by Morten Tyldum and stars Aksel Hennie Nikolaj Coster-Waldau and Synnøve Macody Lund. Hennie portrays the successful but insecure corporate recruiter Roger Brown who lives a double life as an art thief to fund his lavish lifestyle.
 The Ayden Historic District in Ayden North Carolina is a 146-acre (59 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. It includes works by Benton & Benton Associates and Leila Ross Wilburn. It includes Bungalow/Craftsman Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals and Late Victorian architecture. The 1994 listing included 319 contributing buildings and six contributing structures.
 Raising Genius (2004) is a comedy starring Justin Long Wendie Malick Ed Begley Jr. Stephen Root Danica McKellar Mark DeCarlo Tippi Hedren Shirley Jones Clint Howard and Sam Huntington about the mother of a teenage genius who locks himself in the bathroom for three months to work out his formulas. She is frantic about her life and her son's choices. When she finally realizes they don't need her she is able to free herself and be happy.
 The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie is a short book by novelist Muriel Spark the best known of her works. It first saw publication in The New Yorker magazine and was published as a book by Macmillan in 1961. The character of Miss Jean Brodie brought Spark international fame and brought her into the first rank of contemporary Scottish literature. In 2005 the novel was chosen by Time magazine as one of the one hundred best English-language novels from 1923 to present.
 Cyrtopodion is a large genus of the Gekkonidae (gecko) family.
 Sihali Jageer (Sihali Jagir) is a village in the Hasanpur subdistrict of the Amroha district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It has an elevation of 207 meters.
 Plus is an album by Cannonball Adderley Quintet released on the Riverside label featuring performances by Adderley with Nat Adderley Wynton Kelly Victor Feldman Sam Jones and Louis Hayes. The two additional tracks added on the CD reissue an alternate take of Lisa and O.P. were discovered in the mid-1980s. The latter is named after Oscar Pettiford but features a different lineup; for instance Adderley does not play on it.
 Aoranthe is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family. It is found in tropical Africa.
 Around the World is the debut album by Ami Suzuki under label Avex Trax. Ami released a single by the same name on the same day.
 The Lizumer Reckner is at 2886 m AA the highest mountain in the Tux Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
 Harriet Elizabeth Byrd (born April 20 1926) is a former American politician from Wyoming and was the first African American elected to the Wyoming Legislature.
 The Hussar Ballad (Russian: Гусарская баллада) is a 1962 Soviet musical film by Eldar Ryazanov filmed on Mosfilm. In effect it is one of the best loved musical comedies in Russia.With most of its dialogue delivered in verse Ryazanov's script romanticizes the adventures of Nadezhda Durova during the Napoleonic wars. The swift paced action packed humor filled adventure is ingeniously mixed with light-hearted acting bravado and memorable operetta pieces.
 The Ducinoiu River is a tributary of the Ducin River in Romania.
 National Wildlife is an American magazine published bi-monthly by the National Wildlife Federation (NWF) a nonprofit conservation group. In publication since 1962 and with an emphasis on wildlife conservation and natural history it is designed to inform NWF’s Associate Members and other readers about key issues relating to the nation's natural resources and environment.The magazine features photography stories and articles on nature and wildlife.
 Việt Nam sử lược (1920 Outline History of Vietnam) was the first history text published in the Vietnamese alphabet. It was compiled by Vietnamese historian Trần Trọng Kim. It covered the period from Hồng Bàng dynasty to the time of French Indochina. The book was first published in 1920 and reprinted many times. It was the standard history text in South Vietnam.
 Citripestis is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1893 and is known from Java Indonesia and Perak.
 James Edward Shadid (born 1957) is a District Judge for the United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois.
 The Rowdyman is a comedy film with moralistic overtones set in Newfoundland. It was written by and starred Gordon Pinsent a native Newfoundlander. The film became a commercial hit and landed Pinsent a Canadian Film Award for Best Leading Actor. The film is about Will Cole (Pinsent) a man in his thirties who sees no reason to take life seriously but his antics bring pain and tragic consequences to his friends and family.
 The Museo Correr is a museum in Venice northern Italy. Located in St. Mark's Square Venice it is one of the 11 civic museums run by the Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia. The museum extends along the southside of the square on the upper floors of the Procuratorie Nuove. With its rich and varied collections the Museo Correr covers both the art and history of Venice.
 Denk bloß nicht ich heule (English: Just Don't Think I'll Cry) is a 1965 East German drama film directed by Frank Vogel of DEFA Studio. Until 27 April 1990 the film was banned in East Germany because of its social criticism. The film was said to have problematized the oppression of critical young people in East German schools.
 Alien Souls is a lost 1916 silent film feature directed by Frank Reicher and starring Sessue Hayakawa his real-life wife Tsuru Aoki and Earle Foxe.
 A Kingdom of Dreams is a 1989 historical romance novel written by American author Judith McNaught. It is set during the time of the English invasion of Scotland.
 Stephen Mix Mitchell (December 9 1743 – September 30 1835) was an American lawyer jurist and statesman from Wethersfield Connecticut. He represented Connecticut in the Continental Congress and the U.S. Senate and was chief justice of the state's Supreme Court.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Uniejów 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Poddębice and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Central Jail Multan is a prominent jail in Multan Pakistan
 Patricia 'Pat' V. Fleming (born March 10 1949 in Mexico Missouri) is an American politician and a former Democratic member of the Arizona House of Representatives for District 25. She lives in Sierra Vista Arizona. The seat was previously held by a Republican Jennifer Burns who did not seek re-election. Fleming was previously a member of the Arizona Democratic Party State Committee and was selected to chair the Cochise County Democratic Party in 2006.
 Collage is an album by the Italian progressive rock band Le Orme. It was released in 1971. It is the first progressive-like album by the band who had previously recorded only the beat-oriented Ad Gloriam of 1968.
 Lake Shirwa is a lake located in Mozambique. It was discovered in 1859 by the Scottish explorer David Livingstone.
 Friend Opportunity is the eighth full length album from indie rock trio Deerhoof. It was released on January 23 2007 on Kill Rock Stars ATP Recordings and 5 Rue Christine. It features twelve different album covers by the British artist David Shrigley.
 Seventy-Second Brave is the fifth album by the Keef Hartley Band.
 Glory Lane (1987) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book takes place outside of either of Foster’s two usual universes Spellsinger and the Humanx Commonwealth.
 Bajgiran (Persian: باجگيران‎ also Romanized as Bājgīrān; also known as Bājkīrān) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 28 families.
 Tayler Bequest District Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in the Elundini Local Municipality area in Mount Fletcher Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 The Rosson House was built between 1894 and 1895 and still sits in its original foundation in downtown Phoenix's Heritage Square. Named for Dr. Roland Lee Rosson and his wife Flora Murray this house changed hands numerous times before being purchased by the city and restored to its original condition. It now serves as a historic house museum.
 A Desperate Chance is a 1913 American short silent film drama directed by Kenean Buel. The film starred Earle Foxe and Alice Hollister in the lead roles. The film featured the same cast and director as the preceding film that year A Sawmill Hazard.
 Live at The Lighthouse is a live album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring a performance recorded at the Lighthouse Club in Hermosa Beach California in 1972 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Mr Meecher the Uncool Teacher is a strip in The Dandy written and drawn by Wilbur Dawbarn which made its debut in Issue 3516. Meecher's catchphrase is 'You can call me Trevor' but one of the running jokes is no-one ever does. He's always referred to as 'Sir' or 'Meech' by his class mates and 'Trevelyan' by his mother. He tries to be 'down with da kids' but always makes himself look more of an uncool fool by doing so.
 Kırksakallar is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 340 people.
 Trinity Church is a historic church in Holderness New Hampshire near the town of Plymouth. The small single story wood frame building was constructed in 1797 by Samuel Livermore a prominent early settler of Holderness and a New Hampshire statesman. It was built in land owned by Livermore and remained in the family's ownership until 1854 when Arthur Livermore Jr. deeded it along with the adjoining burying ground to the Trinity Church Yard Cemetery Association for one dollar.
 Carnival of Excess: Limited Edition is a limited edition reissue of the album Carnival of Excess recorded by notorious punk rock musician GG Allin with one-time studio group The Criminal Quartet. This release which contains previously unreleased mixes of the songs from the original album (with one exception Outskirts of Life which used the mix from the original 1996 release) was issued in limited editions of 100 white vinyl albums and 1200 compact discs.
 Calivat Gadu (Chinese: 鍾興華; pinyin: Zhōng Xìnghuá) is a politician in the Republic of China. He currently serves as the Administrative Deputy Minister of the Council of Indigenous Peoples (CIP) of the Executive Yuan.
 Once Upon a Time in America is the debut album by rapper Smoothe da Hustler. It was released on March 19 1996 through Profile Records and was entirely produced by New York City-based producer DR Period. The album was met with positive reviews but failed to sell well only making in to 93 on the Billboard 200 while faring better on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums peaking at 11. The album produced two singles Hustler's Theme and Broken Language.
 Egglinton Hall is a historic home located in Milford Sussex County Delaware. The house was constructed by Henry Egglinton circa 1790 and is noted for its Greek Revival features particularly the two-story porch added in 1828. Reverend Truston P. McColley a significant figure in Sussex County history lived in the house from 1828 until 1876.
 The Rubaiyat of Dorothy Ashby (subtitled Original compositions inspired by the words of Omar Khayyam arranged and conducted by Richard Evans) is an album by jazz harpist Dorothy Ashby recorded in late 1969 and early 1970 and released on the Cadet label.
 Majlinda Bregu (born 19 May 1974) is an Albanian politician and the minister of European integration in the Berisha cabinet.
 The Lô River (Clear River Vietnamese: sông Lô) is a major river of Vietnam. It flows through Hà Giang Province Tuyên Quang Province and Phú Thọ Province for 470 kilometres and has a basin area of 39000 km² and originates in Yunnan China.
 Trendy Man (Chinese: 潮男正傳; pinyin: cháo nán zhèng zhuàn) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Show Luo's sixth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 26 December 2008 by Gold Typhoon (Taiwan). It is the first release after Show's continuation of contract with them formerly EMI Music Taiwan.Two preorder limited editions were available: Trendy Man (Mirror Limited Preorder Edition) (潮男正傳 潮男幻鏡珍藏版) and Trendy Man (Box Limited Preorder Edition) (潮男正傳 潮男誌盒裝版) which includes gifts.
 Pseudohypatopa ramusella is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It was described by Adamski and H.H. Li in 2010. It is found in China (Beijing).
 Heaven in This Hell is the third studio album by Australian singer and guitarist Orianthi. Produced by Dave Stewart the album was released on Robo Records on 12 March 2013. Orianthi cited modern country and blues as the main inspirations on the album's sound on an interview for Guitar World on January 2013.[citation needed] Five of the songs of the album were already previously released in Orianthi's first EP Fire released in 2011.
 Giant Robot is the eponymously titled debut studio album by Giant Robot led by guitarist Buckethead; the album was released in 1996.
 Alan Moore's Yuggoth Cultures and Other Growths is a three-issue comic book miniseries presenting work written by Alan Moore. It was published by Avatar Press in 2003.
 The Clock Strikes Twelve is a collection of stories by author H. Russell Wakefield. It was released in 1946 and was the first collection of the author's stories to be published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 4040 copies.
 Château de Bruzac is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Takyeh (Persian: تكيه‎ also Romanized as Tekyeh; also known as Takiyeh Ghareh Kariz) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District Qarah Kahriz District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 38 families.
 All We Got Iz Us is the second album from hardcore rap group Onyx. It is widely considered to be a great follow up to their classic Bacdafucup with many fans actually citing it as Onyx's best album. It reached gold sales status despite having no radio-friendly tracks on the album. Turning away from the more humorous approach of their debut All We Got Iz Us had an overall darker and more serious tone dealing with subjects such as suicide heavy substance abuse and racism.
 Danmarks Traktormuseum (Denmark's Tractor Museum; formerly Lolland-Falster Tractor and Engine Museum) is located in Eskilstrup on the Danish island of Falster. The tractor and motor museum is housed in a brick warehouse dating from 1918. It contains tractors and engines built between 1880-1960 by Bukh Ferguson Fiat Ford and Volvo.
 One Night Husband (Thai: คืนไร้เงา or Kuen rai ngao) is a 2003 Thai thriller film directed by Pimpaka Towira and co-written by Pimpaka and Prabda Yoon. It was the debut feature film for Pimpaka an independent film director and one of the few female directors working in the Thai film industry. One Night Husband was also the film debut of Thai-Canadian pop singer Nicole Theriault.
 Mount Ronui (also Roniu Roonui and Rooniu) is a shield volcano of 1332m (or 1321m) in Tahiti Iti which is the south-eastern part of Tahiti in French Polynesia in the south Pacific. It is one of the principal peaks on the island and the highest in Tahiti Iti.It is one of three volcanoes to which the formation of Tahiti is attributed.
 Laguna Suches or Lago Suches is a lake in the La Paz Department of Bolivia and Puno Region Peru. Located at an elevation of 4605 m its surface area is 14.2 km².
 Song for the Underdog is the third full-length album by Bullets and Octane. The album was released on June 04 2007 under Ares Records while on tour. It was then released online after June. The album was produced engineered and mixed by their bassist Brent Clawson.
 The Lloyd House is a historical building and library located at 220 North Washington Street in the Old Town of Alexandria Virginia United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 12 1976. The house was built by John Wise a prominent entrepreneur in the early town who constructed the building in the late eighteenth-century Georgian architectural style.
 Yassıçalı is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 The Sand Hill River is a 101-mile-long (163 km) tributary of the Red River of the North in northwestern Minnesota in the United States. Via the Red River Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River it is part of the watershed of Hudson Bay and drains an area of 475 square miles (1230 km2).
 Oyuktaş is a village in the District of Kozluk Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 757 people.
 Rhoda Perry was a Democratic member of the Rhode Island Senate representing the 3rd District (Providence's East Side). Perry was the chairwoman of Senate Committee on Health & Human Services and a member Senate Committee on Judiciary.
 Steven Mark Steve Lonegan (born April 27 1956) is an American businessman author and former Mayor of Bogota New Jersey from 1995 to 2007. A member of the Republican Party Lonegan was the State Director of the New Jersey chapter of Americans for Prosperity and a candidate for the Republican nomination for Governor of New Jersey in 2005 and 2009. He was the Republican Party's nominee in the October 2013 special election to fill New Jersey's open U.S.
 Beyond Singularity (ISBN 978-0441013630) is a science fiction anthology edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois. It was published in 2005 and includes stories on the theme of beyond singularity that were originally published from 1960 to 2004 though mostly from the last few years of that range. It is the 33rd book in their anthology series for Ace Books.The book itself as well as each of the stories has a short preface by the editors.
 Hasan Bagi-ye Rika (Persian: حسن بگي ريکا‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Bagī-ye Rīkā and Ḩasan Bakī-ye Rīkā; also known as Rīkā) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 10 families.
 The flatjaw minnow (Tampichthys mandibularis) also known as the sardinita quijarrona is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Mexico. It is considered critically endangered.
 Vision Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal specializing in the neuroscience and psychology of the visual system of humans and other animals. The journal is abstracted and indexed in PubMed. The journal's impact factor for 2011 is 2.4 and its 5-year impact factor is 2.5.
 The Layon (French: le Layon) is a 90.2 km (56.0 mi) long river in the Deux-Sèvres and Maine-et-Loire départements western France. Its source is near Saint-Maurice-la-Fougereuse. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Loire into which it flows near Chalonnes-sur-Loire.
 Let the Blind Lead Those Who Can See but Cannot Feel is the first studio album by Atlas Sound the solo project of Deerhunter lead vocalist Bradford Cox. The album was released in North America by Kranky Records on February 19 2008 and in Europe by 4AD on May 5 2008. The tracks of Let the Blind Lead was constructed with computer-generated and recorded instruments in music software Ableton Live.
 Abdollahabad (Persian: عبدالله اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdollāhābād; also known as ‘Abdolābād) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 16 families.
 The Dos Bocas River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Gregório River is a river of Amazonas and Acre states in western Brazil.One of the main tributaries is the River Juruá which runs through the Brazilian states of Acre and Amazonas. It has a length total of 350 km.
 Kokka (國華) (lit. 'Flower of the Nation') is a periodical of Oriental art first issued in October 1889. Kokka was established by Okakura Tenshin journalist Takahashi Kenzō (高橋健三) and a patron of the arts who sought to challenge the primacy of Western art in Meiji Japan. Kokka is published in Japanese with contents and some summaries in English. In the early twentieth century an English-language edition was also published.
 Manassas Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Bull Run Virginia (near Manassas). Built in 1972 it is owned by Jones Lang LaSalle. The mall features J. C. Penney Macy's Sears and Walmart.
 Teller House is a historic hotel in Central City Colorado. Built in 1872 the building also serves as a casino and restaurant.The bar at the Teller House is well known for the Face on the Barroom Floor a painting of a woman's face on the wooden floor done in 1936 by local artist Herndon Davis as a joke after being fired by the Teller House.
 Kiss and Make-Up is a 1934 romantic comedy film starring Cary Grant as a doctor who specializes in making women beautiful. Helen Mack and Genevieve Tobin play his romantic entanglements. The film was based on the play Kozmetika by István Békeffi. All of the WAMPAS Baby Stars of 1934 were cast in roles in the film.
 Scorpius first published in 1988 is the seventh novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond. Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder & Stoughton (the first original Bond novel not to be published by Jonathan Cape) and in the United States by Putnam.
 Oligophlebia igniflua is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is only known from the Brisbane district in Queensland but the distribution of its known host-plant suggests that it will ultimately be found to occur in other rainforest areas in Queensland and the Northern Territory.The length of the forewings is about 6 mm for males and 6-7 for females. The larvae tunnel the trunk of the rainforest tree Elaeocarpus grandis. Pupation takes place in the bark.
 Minita Chico-Nazario (born December 5 1939) is a former Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. She was appointed to the court by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo on February 10 2004.
 Akhlaqur Rahman Kidwai (born 1 July 1920) is an Indian politician. He served as Governor of Bihar West Bengal and Haryana states. He was a member of the Rajya Sabha upper house of the Indian parliament from 2000-2004.
 The National Motor Museum Birdwood is an automobile museum in Birdwood South Australia. Established in 1964 and opened to the public soon afterwards it is Australia's largest motor museum with over 300 vehicles on display.The museum is housed in a modern complex adjacent to its original home the Old Mill in Shannon Street Birdwood.
 The Alfred E. Smith House was the home of four time New York State governor Alfred E. Smith from 1907 to 1923It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
 Eagle Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada west of the City of Dryden. The communities of Vermilion Bay and Migisi Sahgaigan are located on the lake's north shore.
 The Chance of a Night Time is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Ralph Lynn Winifred Shotter and Kenneth Kove. The screenplay was written by Ben Travers based on his play The Dippers and the cast included cast members from Travers's Aldwych Farces.
 Simon Pickle Stone House is a historic home located at Miles Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1833 and is a 2 1/2-story sandstone building with a 1 1/2-story kitchen wing. It has a two-story frame store and summer kitchen addition built about 1850. The house was remodeled between 1911 and 1920.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Big Cat is a 1949 American outdoor action film in Technicolor directed by Phil Karlson. The cast included Lon McCallister Peggy Ann Garner Preston Foster Forrest Tucker Skip Homeier and Gene Reynolds.
 Cerradomys maracajuensis also known as the Maracaju Oryzomys is a rodent species from South America. It is terrestrial and is found in gallery forests in Bolivia Paraguay and nearby Brazil and Peru. It was first discovered near the Brazilian city of Maracaju.
 Booby Dupes is the 84th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Franeker City Hall (Dutch: Stadhuis van Franeker) is a the city hall of the municipality of Franeker Netherlands; one of the eleven historical cities of Friesland. The building dates from 1591-1594 and was build in Frysian renaissance style. It is a national monument and part of the Top 100 Dutch heritage sites.The first stone was laid on June 24 1591. The building took a total of three years.
 Katemjan-e Yusefali (Persian: كتمجان يوسفعلي‎ also Romanized as Katemjān-e Yūsef‘alī and Kotamjān-e Yūsef‘alī) is a village in Ziabar Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 36 families.
 The Arrival is the 38th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Kim Morris. It is narrated by Ax.The front cover quote is Andalites have reached Earth. Will Ax leave the Animorphs? The inside front cover quote is Now - or never?
 The Breathing Shadow is the first album by the band Nightingale. It was recorded and mixed within a week by Dan Swanö alone at his Unisound studio; Nightingale did not yet exist as a band and was simply a solo project by Swanö. This is the only album of Nightingale to use a drum machine (the other albums have Swanö or someone else on drums). Unlike the hard rock/AOR-orientated direction of later albums The Breathing Shadow showcases the style of goth rock similar to The Sisters of Mercy.
 The Giant Gila Monster is a 1959 hot rod monster science fiction film directed by Ray Kellogg and produced by Ken Curtis. It stars Don Sullivan a veteran of several low budget monster and zombie films Lisa Simone the French contestant for Miss Universe of 1957 as well as Fred Graham comedy relief Shug Fisher KLIF disc jockey Ken Knox and Bob Thompson.
 War of the Worlds 2: The Next Wave is a 2008 direct-to-DVD science fiction film starring and directed by C. Thomas Howell. The film was produced and distributed independently by low-budget film studio The Asylum.War of the Worlds 2: The Next Wave is an indirect sequel to the 2005 science fiction horror film H. G. Wells' War of the Worlds (titled internationally as Invasion) which is a modernized adaptation of H. G.
 Wyszynki [vɨˈʂɨnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budzyń within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Chodzież and 55 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Never Preach Past Noon: A Leigh Koslow Mystery is a crime novel by the American writer Edie Claire set in contemporary Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of advertising copywriter Leigh Koslow whose thrice-married Aunt Bess breaks her ankle falling down a flight of stairs in the middle of the night.
 The Valea Hancii River is a tributary of the Secaş river in Romania.
 Accelerator is the seventh studio album by Royal Trux. It was released in 1998.
 Tara Sasankam (Telugu: తారాశశాంకం) is a play written by Kopparapu Subba Rao. It has received about 1500 times under his own direction.[citation needed]It was published in 1945 by Modern Publishers Tenali. Subsequently three editions were brought out. There was a lawsuit filed by the publishers on K. Satyanarayana of Ramakrishna pictures the producers of the 1969 film.
 A Perfect Day for Love Letters (恋文日和 Koibumi Biyori) is a Japanese manga short story series written and illustrated by George Asakura. Each story depicts a relationship that revolves around the use of love letters. The stories were originally published by Kodansha in the shōjo (aimed at teenage girls) manga magazine Bessatsu Friend and collected in two bound volumes. A Perfect Day for Love Letters received the Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo manga along with Oi Piitan!! by Risa Itou in 2005.
 The Invasion published in 1996 and written by K. A. Applegate is the first book in the Animorphs series. It is narrated by Jake.
 The Bănesele River is a tributary of the Lumaşu River in Romania.
 Kiyoshi Ueda (上田 清司 Ueda Kiyoshi born May 15 1948) is the governor of Saitama Prefecture in Japan first elected in 2003. A native of Fukuoka Fukuoka and graduate of Hosei University he had served in the House of Representatives since 1993 before elected governor.
 Wierzyce [vjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Polyplacapros tyleri is a species of deepwater boxfish native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean where it is found near Australia New Zealand and the sea mounts of the Norfolk Ridge at a depth of around 132 metres (433 ft). This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Nixe is a genus of mayflies in the family Heptageniidae.
 The Comoara River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Rocky Comfort Creek is a 62.4-mile-long (100.4 km) tributary of the Ogeechee River in the U.S. state of Georgia. Rising in Warren County 9 miles (14 km) northwest of Warrenton it flows southeast entering Glascock County and passing the town of Gibson then continuing south into Jefferson County where it reaches the Ogeechee River at Louisville.
 BAO! is the second studio album by Benny Anderssons orkester released in June 2004 on Benny's own Mono Music label. Recording for the album took place in the first half of 2004 at Polar Studios and Sveriges Radio Studio 4 Stockholm.
 Meloidogyne artiellia (British root-knot nematode) is a plant pathogenic nematode and also an invasive species.
 Conorhynchos conirostris is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes).The spelling of the generic name has been confused; it is currently valid as Conorhynchos as described by Pieter Bleeker in 1858. This catfish has unknown relationships. It does not appear to be assignable to any family and is placed incertae sedis.
 Astronauta - Magnetar is a 2012 Brazilian graphic novel written and illustrated by Danilo Beyruth based on the character Bubbly created by Maurício de Sousa. It is the first installment in the Graphic MSP series of graphic novels based on Maurício de Sousa characters.
 Disney Shot Kennedy is a 2010 American independent comedy film written directed and produced by Atlanta filmmaker David Lawrence. The movie captures the last week in the life of The Oswald a small bankrupt conspiracy newspaper. It was Lawrence's first feature film and the first film to come out of his production company Modest Conspiracy.Disney Shot Kennedy has been compared to Richard Linklater's Slacker and Kevin Smith's Clerks.
 Euclera stretchi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru the Amazon region and Uruguay.
 Orphans Cemetery is a cemetery with the area of four acres paved streets and running water. Albert G. Williamson a Dodge County entrepreneur donated land for a burial place in Orphans community following the death of a neighbor’s child George P.A. Barnes in 1887. The community was named in honor of the six orphaned Williamson brothers who moved here in 1873-74 from North Carolina. The earliest burials were children of the Thomas Weldy and Lashley families.
 Louis W. Blessing III is a Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives for the 29th district. He is the son of Lou Blessing who previously held the same seat before he was forced to step down due to term limits. Blessing defeated Raj Rajagopal in the Republican primary with 62% of the vote and Democrat Hubert Brown in the general election with 61% of the vote. He has worked as an electrical engineer.
 Guillaume Henri de Ramel (born August 20 1974) is a Rhode Island investor philanthropist and politician. In 2006 as a first-time candidate for political office De Ramel received 47% of the vote in the Democratic primary for Rhode Island Secretary of State losing to then North Providence Mayor A.
 Renfrew Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation generally above 8000 feet (2400 m). Renfrew Glacier is on the northwest slopes of Middle Sister an extinct stratovolcano.
 Zakrzew-Las [ˈzakʂɛf ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Jacaranda is the fifth studio album by former Yes guitarist Trevor Rabin that was released on May 8 2012. The album contains Rabin's first new solo material since his 1989 Can't Look Away record. Rabin plays all of the instruments himself with the exception of drums for which he brought in noted jazz/rock drummer Vinnie Colaiuta longtime Rabin drummer and collaborator Lou Molino III and his son Ryan. Tal Wilkenfeld plays bass on track 3 and Liz Constantine is the vocalist on track 6.
 The Haldimand County Museum & Archives located at 8 Echo Street in Cayuga Ontario Canada is a museum that preserves and makes accessible evidence of the history of Haldimand County. Artifacts related to Haldimand County from its precivilization[citation needed] beginnings to the 20th century are restored and displayed in the museum galleries and grounds. The current curator is Karen Richardson.
 Normal School for Colored Girls established in Washington D.C. in 1851 as an institution of learning and training for young African-American women especially to train teachers. As Miner Normal School it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Karerpass (Italian: Passo di Costalunga; Ladin: Jouf de Ciareja; German: Karerpass) (1745 m) is a high mountain pass in the province of South Tyrol in Italy. It connects Bolzano through the Eggental and the Welschnofen Valley with the Fassa Valley. Just below the pass on the Welschnofen Valley side is the stunningly blue Karersee lake.
 Dunseverick Castle is situated in County Antrim Northern Ireland near the small village of Dunseverick and the Giant's Causeway. Dunseverick Castle and earthworks are Scheduled Historic Monuments in the townland of Feigh in Moyle District Council area at grid ref: C9871 4467.Dunseverick Castle and the peninsula on which it stands were given to the National Trust in 1962 by local farmer Jack McCurdy.
 Monte Galbiga is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 1698 metres.
 Dead is the debut studio album by Scottish hip hop trio Young Fathers. It was released on Anticon and Big Dada on February 4 2014.
 Alexander Mitchell Palmer (May 4 1872 – May 11 1936) best known as A. Mitchell Palmer was Attorney General of the United States from 1919 to 1921. He is best known for directing the Palmer Raids.
 McArthur is a village in Vinton County Ohio United States. The population was 1701 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Vinton County. As the county seat of Vinton County McArthur has been in existence since 1815 and took its name from Duncan McArthur an army general in the War of 1812.
 Ghosts of the Great Highway is the 2003 debut album by San Francisco quartet Sun Kil Moon led by Red House Painters' founder Mark Kozelek who composed all of the lyrics and music on this album. The other members are Anthony Koutsos (former drummer for Red House Painters) Geoff Stanfield and Tim Mooney.Three of the album's songs are named after boxers following on from Find Me Ruben Olivares from Kozelek's debut solo EP Rock 'n' Roll Singer.
 Japygellus is a genus of diplurans in the family Japygidae.
 Ethmia hodgesella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Texas Arizona and California extending along the two sides of the central cordillera of Mexico.The length of the forewings is 6-7.8 mm. The pattern of the forewings is divided by a serpentine longitudinal line. The dorsal area is whitish invaded by three prominent triangulate dark spurs from the cell with a conspicuous round dark spot between and below the first two spurs.
 George Washington Bolton (September 15 1841 - August 2 1931) was a banker merchant politician Southern Baptist layman and the patriarch of an influential family in his adopted city of Alexandria Louisiana.
 The Coen River is situated in the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland Australia.The present (1996) Pennefather River (renamed 1894) was originally called the Coen river by Jan Carstenszoon in honour of Jan Pieterszoon Coen Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies. The present Archer River was probably confused by Matthew Flinders with Carstenszoon's Coen River. The Coen River is a tributary of the Archer river and was for a time known as the South Coen River.
 The Columbia Journal of European Law was established in 1994 and is one of the few legal publications in the United States devoted exclusively to European law. It currently ranks among the top five foreign and civil law journals in the US and is the most cited journal of European legal scholarship in North America.The journal is published under the auspices of the European Legal Studies Center at Columbia Law School. Columbia students are entirely responsible for CJEL’s publication.
 The Pink Panther Strikes Again is the fifth film in The Pink Panther series and picks up where The Return of the Pink Panther leaves off. Released in 1976 Strikes Again is the third entry to include the words Pink Panther in its title despite the fact the story does not involve the Pink Panther diamond.Unused footage from the film was later included in Trail of the Pink Panther.
 Gobenowsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. It is at an elevation of 57.5 m and its surface area is 1.35 km².
 The Ginn Carriage House is a historic carriage house at 24 Ginn Road in Winchester Massachusetts. The building which has been converted to a residence is one of two surviving outbuildings (the other is the gardener's house) of the extensive Terrace of Oaks estate of publisher Edwin Ginn whose main house was demolished in 1946. The U-shaped brick carriage house built in 1900 exhibits high quality construction details and has touches of Georgian Revival styling.
 The Element of Surprise is the fourth studio album by American rapper E-40 released August 11 1998 on Jive and Sick Wid It Records. The album features production by Ant Banks Bosko Mike Mosley Rick Rock Sam Bostic Studio Ton & Tone Capone. It peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 13 on the Billboard 200.
 Evil Power the fourth full album from the band Lair of the Minotaur was announced in February 2010 and released on April 13 2010 under the newly created Grind-House Records an independent record label to replace their last label Southern Lord Records.Just like the band's previous album War Metal Battle Master a music video for the title track was made this time directed by Ryan Oliver of Deathblow Productions.
 Ceryx lamottei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1963. It was described from Nimba.
 The soundtrack to Stanley Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange was released to accompany the 1971 film of the same name. The music is a thematic extension of Alex's (and the viewer's) psychological conditioning. The soundtrack of A Clockwork Orange comprises classical music and electronic synthetic music composed by Wendy Carlos (who having not yet transitioned was credited as Walter Carlos). Some of the music is heard only as excerpts e.g. Edward Elgar's Pomp and Circumstance March No.
 War Comes to America is the seventh and final film of Frank Capra's Why We Fight World War II propaganda film series.The early part of the film is an idealized version of American history which includes mention of the first settlements the American Revolutionary War (omitting the American Civil War) and the ethnic diversity of America. It lists 22 immigrant nationalities 19 of them European and uses the then-current terms Negro Jap and Chinaman.
 William Kwasi Aboah (born 4 June 1939) is a Ghanaian barrister and politician. He is the minister for the police and the former minister for interior of Ghana.
 The Boys of Ghost Town is a 2009 American drama film directed and produced by Pablo Véliz and written by Rosalio Martinez and Manuel Garcia. It stars Danny Trejo Marian Zapico and Garcia. The film follows young criminal Danny Ortego rejoining the forces of crime after being released from prison.
 Rødungen is a lake in the municipalities of Ål and Nore og Uvdal in Buskerud county Norway.
 Willkamayu (Quechua hispanicized spelling Huyllcamayo) is a river in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region Victor Fajardo Province Huancapi District. It is an affluent of the Pampas River.Willkamayu originates near the village Llusita at the confluence of the rivers Urqu Mayu (Orcco Mayo) and Kachimayu (Cachimayo) of the Huancaraylla District. Its direction is mainly to the north. It flows almost parallel to the river Kinwamayu east of the Willkamayu.
 The Causeway also known as the Tregaron is a country house estate located in the Cleveland Park neighborhood of Northwest Washington D.C.. The estate was designed by Charles A. Platt and constructed in 1912. The original occupants the Parmelees lived at the estate from its construction until 1940. From 1940 to 1958 it was occupied by Joseph E. Davies who had served as the ambassador for the United States to Luxembourg Belgium and the Soviet Union.
 Ero aphana is a species of pirate spider in the Mimetidae family. It is a hunting spider and feeds on other spiders.
 The Bombinatoridae are often referred to as fire-bellied toads because of their brightly colored ventral sides which show they are highly toxic. This family includes two genera Barbourula and Bombina both of which have flattened bodies.Bombina species are warty aquatic toads about 7 cm (2.8 in) in length and most noted for their bright bellies.
 Wilson Assembly of God founded in 1922 is one of the oldest churches in the state of Oklahoma affiliated with the Assemblies of God USA. The Assemblies of God began in 1917 in Arkansas. The church has been an integral part of Wilson Oklahoma and the surrounding areas. The Wilson Museum has many articles relating to the ministry and the pastors of this church.
 The Queguay Grande River is a river of Uruguay.
 Otto Fernando Pérez Molina (born 1 December 1950) is a Guatemalan politician and retired military officer who has been President of Guatemala since January 14 2012. Standing as the Patriotic Party (Partido Patriota) candidate he lost the 2007 presidential election but prevailed in the 2011 presidential election.
 Tariq Mahmood was a Pakistani lawyer and judge. Born in Pakistan he is most famous as a leader of the Lawyers' Movement in Pakistan. As a judge of the Balochistan High Court he refused to take an oath under General Pervez Musharraf. He lived in Quetta for a while.
 Heart of Gold is a science fiction novel by Sharon Shinn published in 2000. The story occurs on an unnamed world in an unnamed city where three races (indigo gulden and albino) live together.
 Arbour Zena is an album composed by American pianist Keith Jarrett featuring saxophonist Jan Garbarek bassist Charlie Haden and the Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra conducted by Mladen Gutesha which was released on the ECM label in 1975.
 Lyon's Turning Mill is a historic granite turning mill on Ricciuti Drive in Quincy Massachusetts.The first quarry on the site one of the earliest quarries in Quincy was established on the site about 1825. In the late 1880s James Lyon bought the quarry and organized the Lyons Granite Company in 1893 with a paid in capital of $40000.
 St Mary Magdalene's Church Clitheroe is located in Church Street Clitheroe Lancashire England. It is the Anglican parish church of the town and is in the deanery of Whalley the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Jewish Exponent brand is made up of a weekly community newspaper a website and a quarterly magazine.The Jewish Exponent newspaper is the flagship publication of the Jewish Publishing Group which also produces Inside Magazine the Guide to Jewish Philadelphia and special sections including Simchas Good Life and the Chanukah Gift Guide. David Alpher is the General Manager / Vice President.
 Tour 2003 is a live album by Ringo Starr and was released in 2004. After releasing Ringo Rama in 2003 Starr embarked once more with his All-Starr Band and its ever-changing collective of musicians that summer.The performance included here is from the opening night of his tour at the Casino Rama just outside Toronto Ontario in Canada. Despite this the CD booklet for Tour 2003 confusingly carries a review for a later August show in Detroit.
 Where It All Begins is a 1994 studio album by The Allman Brothers Band. No One to Run With obtained the greatest amount of album-oriented rock airplay while Soulshine written by Warren Haynes gained success as a concert and fan favorite. Gregg Allman also started to confront his substance abuse problems in the past on songs such as All Night Train. This sold considerably better than its predecessor Shades of Two Worlds. In 1998 the album went Gold.
 Jaibhan Singh Pawaiya became the second president of the Bajrang Dal in India after Vinay Katiyar and was succeeded by physician Surendra Jain. Pawaiya a full-time pracharak joined the political wing Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He was the party's Lok Sabha member in 1999 from Gwalior (Madhya Pradesh) but he lost the polls in 2004 from Gwalior by a very narrow margin.
 The Big Guy is 1939 film.
 The Joseph Jenkins House is a historic house at 310 Pine Street in Barnstable Massachusetts. This 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1750 by Joseph Jenkins and is a well-preserved reminder of West Barnstable's early history. The house is four bays wide with an off-center chimney and entry. The main entry has plain trim with a transom window and a triangular pediment.
 Timothy Patrick Tim Murray (born June 7 1968) is an American politician who served as the 71st Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts from 2007 to 2013. From 2002 to 2007 Murray served as Mayor of Worcester Massachusetts. He is a Democrat.
 Mohammed Mahdi Akef (Arabic: محمد مهدى عاكف) (born July 12 1928) was the head of the Muslim Brotherhood an Egypt-based Islamic political movement from 2004 until 2010. He assumed the post that of general guide (Arabic: مرشد العام) (frequently translated as chairman) upon the death of his predecessor Ma'mun al-Hudaybi. Akef was arrested on 4 July 2013. On 14 July 2013 Egypt's new prosecutor general Hisham Barakat ordered his assets to be frozen.
 In 1864 St. Mary’s Catholic Church relocated from its original site at Fifth and Brown Streets to Columbia Street. With the move many of the congregation also moved to this area. The Church became both a religious and social center for the neighborhood.
 Rebecca Taylor (born 10 August 1975 Todmorden) is a Liberal Democrat Member of the European Parliament representing Yorkshire and the Humber England.
 Millepora alcicornis or sea ginger is a species of colonial fire coral with a calcareous skeleton. It is found on shallow water coral reefs in the tropical west Atlantic Ocean. It shows a variety of different morphologies depending on its location. It feeds on plankton and derives part of its energy requirements from microalgae found within its tissues. It is an important member of the reef building community and subject to the same threats as other corals.
 The Princess Diaries Volume X: Forever Princess is a young adult book in the Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot it was released on January 6 2009 by Harper Collins Publishers and is the final novel in the series.The book was released in the UK on 2 January 2009 and called The Princess Diaries: Ten out of Ten.
 Un amore perfetto is a 2002 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Valerio Andrei. It stars Cesare Cremonini who at the time of the film's release was the lead singer of the popular Italian music group Lùnapop; Martina Stella then an emerging star following her debut performance in the 2001 film L'ultimo bacio; and Denis Fasolo.
 The Conway Center Historic District encompasses the historic village center of Conway Massachusetts. The district is focused on Main Street a section of Massachusetts Route 116 that connects two major road intersections on either side of the South River. It includes properties on Main Street Elm Street and Academy Hill Road.
 Dr Eleanor Roberta Scott (born 23 July 1951) is a Scottish politician. She is a former Scottish Green Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for the Highlands and Islands.
 Orania pacifica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Bad Lands is a 1939 Western film.
 Agonopterix cadurciella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in France.The wingspan is 22–23 mm.
 Dorothee Bär (née Mantel born April 19 1978 in Bamberg Bavaria) is a German Politician that since 2009 serves as the National Deputy Secretary General of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria.
 The Clark Homestead is located in Lebanon Connecticut. The house was built in 1708 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1978.
 Lesbian Poetry: An Anthology is a 1981 poetry anthology edited by Elly Bulkin and Joan Larkin. It has been called The breakthrough volume for lesbian poetry that reflected early lesbian-feminist concerns with multiculturalism and issues of radical revision of society (race class gender roles and age).
 Sir Neil Smith Currie CBE (20 August 1926 – 30 July 1999) was a senior Australian public servant and policymaker.
 Book of Longing is the first new poetry book by Leonard Cohen since 1984's Book of Mercy. First published in 2006 by McClelland and Stewart Book of Longing contains 167 previously unpublished poems and drawings mostly written at a Zen monastery on Mount Baldy in California where Cohen lived from 1994 to 1999 and in India which he visited regularly during the late 1990s.
 The Tetragonoceratidae is a small family of nautilitids constituting a part of the superfamily Tainocerataceae in which shells are coiled with a generally quadrate whorl section. Coiling is either gyroconic or evoluute with a slight dorsal impression. Flanks diverge from the umbilical to the ventral shoulders so as to make the whorl sections widest close to the venter. Nodes made develop on the flanks and shoulders. The siphuncle is tubular typically found near the venter.
 Give 'Em the Boot VI is an unofficial sixth entry in the Give 'Em the Boot series of albums. The compilations are periodically released by Hellcat Records and there is no record of it on the label's website. It has been distributed through the use of torrent download websites and features a tracklisting similar in content to previous releases. A limited CD version was released as a promo.
 Caughnawaga Indian Village Site is an archaeological site located just west of Fonda in Montgomery County New York. The location of a former Mohawk nation village the site was discovered in 1950 by Rev. Thomas Grassmann. It is the only completely excavated Iroquois village in the country. The Mohawk village site has been marked with stakes to show the outlines of the 12 longhouses and stockade that were built there 300 years ago.
 Kehel (Persian: كهل‎) is a village in Shal Rural District Shahrud District Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 40 families.
 Definitive Collection is a compilation album by Europe released on 30 April 1997 by Sony Music.
 I Remember Duke Hoagy & Strayhorn is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1994 and released on the Telarc label.
 Connie Berube Binsfeld (April 18 1924 – January 12 2014) was a Republican politician from the U.S. State of Michigan.
 Tom Baker Cancer Centre (TBCC) is a tertiary care facility for Southern Alberta and is located in Calgary Alberta. It is a leading Cancer Centre in Alberta for prevention research and treatment programs and provides many advanced medical services as well as supportive care for both inpatients and outpatients. The Cancer Centre also conducts research through the Alberta Cancer Research Institute and houses a comprehensive palliative care facility.
 The Nichols-Sterner House is a historic house on Swamp Road in Richmond Massachusetts. It is one only two brick houses in a Federalist-Greek Revival transition in Richmond. It was built in 1820 and occupied for over 100 years by the local Nichols family. In 1925 the house was sold to Flora Lash Sterner wife of artist Albert Sterner. The Sterners used the house as a summer residence until Albert's death in 1946. Mrs.
 Rabrovac (Serbian: Рабровац) is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia.
 Augusta Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church building at Third and Walnut Streets in Augusta Arkansas.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 38 Special Live From Texas is a live album by the southern rock band 38 Special recorded in 2009 and released in 2011.
 Backlund is a worn lunar crater that lies on the far side of the Moon beyond the eastern limb. It lies astride the southern rim of the walled plain Pasteur to the west of the crater Hilbert. Further to the west-southwest is Sklodowska. The north and south ends of Backlund are more worn and eroded than the intervening stretches. The interior floor is relatively flat with the usual accompaniment of tiny impact craters marking the surface.
 The Heritage Motor Centre is a British motor museum and research centre located adjacent to the Jaguar Land Rover Gaydon Centre near Gaydon in Warwickshire England. The centre is open to the public and houses a collection of important vehicles celebrating Britain's motoring heritage. It is affiliated to the British Motorcycle Charitable Trust.
 Flow Chart is a long poem by the American writer John Ashbery published in its own volume in 1991.
 Itombwe Flycatcher (Muscicapa itombwensis) is a bird species in the Old World flycatcher family (Muscicapidae). It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo. It was formerly considered a subspecies of Chapin's Flycatcher.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Melvin Reginald Knight (born July 30 1944) was the Minister of Energy of Alberta and a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.
 The Chariton Review is an American literary magazine based at Truman State University in Kirksville Missouri. The journal was founded in 1975 by Andrew Grossbart.
 Big Pit: National Coal Museum (Welsh: Pwll Mawr: Amgueddfa Lofaol Genedlaethol) is an industrial heritage museum in Blaenavon Torfaen South Wales. A working coal mine from 1860 to 1980 it was opened to visitors from 1980 under the auspices of the National Museum Wales.
 Hoar Tavern is a historic tavern northeast of downtown Lincoln on MA 2 in Lincoln Massachusetts. Also known as the Hoar Homestead it is now known as Hobbs Brook Farm.It was built in 1680 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Pilar Juliana Pia Cayetano (born Pilar Juliana Schramm Cayetano on March 22 1966) popularly known as Compañera Pia or Pia is a Filipino lawyer politician and was the youngest woman elected Senator in the history of the Republic of the Philippines. She was first elected senator in 2004 and re-elected in 2010.
 Sixteen Candles is a 1984 American coming-of-age comedy film starring Molly Ringwald Michael Schoeffling and Anthony Michael Hall. It was written and directed by John Hughes.
 The Bavarian pine vole (Microtus bavaricus) is a vole from the Austrian Italian and Bavarian Alps of Europe. It lived in moist meadows at elevations of 600-1000 metres. There are 23 museum specimens of this species. This rodent was previously known from only one location in Garmisch-Partenkirchen Bavaria Germany which has since been altered by the construction of a hospital in the 1980s. No specimens of this rodent were recorded after 1962 and it was thought to be extinct.
 St. Germain Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Rimouski (Québec). It is the mother church for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Rimouski.The church was raised to the status of cathedral on 15 January 1867 by Jean Langevin first bishop of Rimouski and was consecrated on 28 May 1853.
 All Saints Memorial Church is an historic Episcopal church at 674 Westminster Street in Providence Rhode Island that is the largest Episcopal church building in Rhode Island.The current church building was designed by architect Edward Tuckerman Potter in a Gothic Tudor Revival style and built from 1869-1872. The congregation was founded in 1844. The church building added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Delta Machine is the thirteenth studio album by English electronic music band Depeche Mode released on 22 March 2013 by Columbia Records and Mute Records. Recorded in 2012 in Santa Barbara California and New York City the album was produced by Ben Hillier and mixed by Flood.
 Houssay is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar far side near the northern pole. The crater is located to the Northeast of and directly adjacent to crater Nansen. Houssay was adopted and named after Argentinian physiologist Bernardo Houssay by the IAU in 2009.
 Live at the Velvet Lounge is an album by American jazz saxophonist Fred Anderson with German free jazz bassist Peter Kowald and long-time collaborator drummer Hamid Drake. The record documents a June 1998 performance at the Chicago club owned by Anderson the Velvet Lounge and was released on the Okka Disk label.
 2 New York Plaza is a 40-story office building located at the intersection of Broad and South Streets.Built in 1971 it's construction was given by the architects Kahn & Jacobs. The building is 153 meters high and is located on the east side of the building 1 New York Plaza. It has a modern structural design being along with the 1 New York Plaza the southernmost skyscrapers in Manhattan.
 Żelichów [ʐɛˈlixuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gręboszów within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 66 km (41 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Behind the 8 Ball is an album by organist Baby Face Willette recorded in 1964 and released on the Argo label.
 Soul Summit is an album by saxophonists Gene Ammons and Sonny Stitt with organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1962 and released on the Prestige label.
 The Ayrshire Apartments is an historic building located in Des Moines Iowa United States. It was built in 1920 as a fireproof hotel and apartment building. The three-story building was designed in the Tudor Revival and contain 36 units. The apartment building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 as a part of the Towards a Greater Des Moines MPS.
 Bonnie and Clyde is a 1967 American crime film directed by Arthur Penn and starring Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway as the title characters Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parker. The film features Michael J. Pollard Gene Hackman and Estelle Parsons with Denver Pyle Dub Taylor Gene Wilder Evans Evans and Mabel Cavitt in supporting roles. The screenplay was written by David Newman and Robert Benton.
 The Keya Paha River (/ˈkɪpəhɔː/ KIP-ə-haw) (Pawnee: Rakickatihrihuuru ) is a river flowing 127 miles (204 km) through the U.S. states of South Dakota and Nebraska.The name is derived from the Dakota language ke'-ya pa-ha' meaning turtle hill. The river's name was given to Keya Paha County Nebraska through which it flows.The river originates in Todd County in south central South Dakota at the confluence of Antelope Creek and Rock Creek near the town of Hidden Timber.
 Schizothorax oconnori is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Immoral Tales (French: Contes immoraux) is a 1974 French anthology film directed by Walerian Borowczyk. The film was Borowczyk's most sexually explicit at the time. The film is split into four erotic themed stories that involve the loss of virginity masturbation bloodlust and incest.After the release of Immoral Tales Borowczyk began to fall out of favor from film critics. Modern critical reception to the film is that it is not one of Borowczyk's strongest works.
 Copamyntis spodoptila is a species of snout moths in the genus Copamyntis. It is found in Australia.
 Sea of Sand (released in the US as Desert Patrol) is a 1958 war film starring Richard Attenborough John Gregson and Michael Craig. The film which was directed by Guy Green is about a patrol of the Long Range Desert Group (LRDG) during the North African Campaign in the Second World War. It was shot on location in the Kingdom of Libya.
 Polymera is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Bari Theke Paliye (English-language title: Runaway or The Runaway) is a 1958 Bengali film by director Ritwik Ghatak. It stars Parambhattarak Lahiri Kali Bannerjee Nripati Chatterjee Padma Devi Gyanesh Mukherjee.This film was directed by alternative Indian filmmaker Ritwik Ghatak in Kolkata (then Calcutta) in 1958. The plot is about a misbehaving boy who runs away from his village and goes to Calcutta.
 Dzigorzew [d͡ʑiˈɡɔʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 55 km (34 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Who Dares Wins (U.S. title: The Final Option) is a 1982 British film starring Lewis Collins Judy Davis Richard Widmark and Edward Woodward directed by Ian Sharp. The title is the motto of the elite Special Air Service (SAS).The plot is largely inspired by the Iranian Embassy siege of 1980 during which the SAS stormed the building to rescue those being held hostage inside.
 The Tihul River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 The Freckled Duck (Stictonetta naevosa) is a moderately large broad-bodied duck native to southern Australia. The duck is protected by law. Dark in colour with fine off-white speckles all over it is most easily identified by its large head with a peaked (as opposed to rounded) crown.This species was formerly allied with the dabbling ducks but is now placed in a monotypic subfamily Stictonettinae.
 Alice Sweet Alice (also known as Communion or Holy Terror) is a 1976 independent American slasher film co-written and directed by Alfred Sole and starring Linda Miller Paula Sheppard and Brooke Shields. The narrative focuses on a troubled adolescent girl who becomes a suspect in the brutal murder of her younger sister at her first communion.
 Shine We Are! is the third mini-album by Korean singer BoA released on December 4 2003. Some of her tracks contain Korean versions of her Japanese songs; the last track in the album features the Irish band Westlife.
 Kolonia Piszczac I is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Piszczac 21 km (13 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 102 km (63 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 160.
 Les clefs de babel (literally The keys of Babel) is a French language children's novel written by Carina Rozenfeld. The book was published in 2009 by Syros and features in a children's book collection organised by Denis Guiot called Soon.
 Montezuma Z. White (September 6 1872 – May 10 1945) was the Republican President of the West Virginia Senate from Tyler County and served from 1925 to 1933.
 The Consulate General of the United States in Ho Chi Minh City is located at 4 Le Duan Boulevard in District 1. It provides consular services and it deals with diplomatic affairs in Ho Chi Minh City and the rest of southern Vietnam. Like many foreign diplomatic buildings in the world the consulate general facility has tight security.The consulate general building stands adjacent to the site of the former U.S.
 Wilfred Judson CC (July 20 1902 – June 15 1980) was a Canadian lawyer and Puisne Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.Born in Todmorden England he received a BA in 1922 and an MA in 1923 from the University of Manchester. In 1923 he emigrated to Canada. He graduated from Osgoode Hall Law School and was called to the bar in 1932. After practising law for 19 years he was appointed to the High Court of Justice of Ontario in 1951 and to the Supreme Court of Canada in 1958.
 Galleon is a debut album by French Trio Galleon released in 2002. It includes three singles So I Begin I Believe and One Sign.
 Dziarnowo [d͡ʑarˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakość within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Syntypistis umbrosa is a species of moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in India China (Fujian Guangdong Guangxi Hainan Sichuan Yunnan) Taiwan Myanmar Malaysia Indonesia and Vietnam.
 Gordon Wallace Scott (1 October 1887 – 14 December 1940) was a Canadian politician.Born in Montreal Quebec Scott appointed Treasurer in the cabinet of Louis-Alexandre Taschereau on October 16 1930. He was the unusucessful Liberal candidate for the riding of Huntingdon in a by-election held on November 4 1930 losing to Martin Fisher. He held the role of Treasurer until November 27.
 Don't Give Up is the first studio album from American alternative hip hop duo Serengeti & Polyphonic. It was released on Audio 8 Recordings in 2007.
 Città violenta (Violent City also known as The Family) is a 1970 Italian film directed by Sergio Sollima and starring Charles Bronson Jill Ireland and Telly Savalas. Set and shot in the city of New Orleans the film is an urban crime thriller with a plot of hitman revenge.
 Pretty Girls is the second album by Lisa Dal Bello.
 The Kawdy Plateau is a plateau in northern British Columbia Canada located between the Nahlin and Tuya Rivers. It includes the granitic Atsutla Range and Nazcha Hills and the volcanic Kawdy Mountain.
 Mordellistena mississippiensis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1971.
 Made in Hong Kong (And in Various Other Places) is the title of a live / compilation CD/DVD by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish released on 11 March 2009.The album contains a CD and a DVD - the CD consists of eight songs recorded live during their Dark Passion Play tour in 2008 two tracks previously released as b-sides and a previously unreleased demo version of Cadence of Her Last Breath predating Anette Olzon's joining the band and thus sung by bassist Marco Hietala (as were all the demos from Dark Passion Play). 
 The White-throated Jacamar (Brachygalba albogularis) is a species of bird in the Galbulidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Shun Li and the Poet (Italian: Io sono Li) is a 2011 Italian drama film directed by Andrea Segre. It won the European Parliament Lux Prize in 2012. Zhao Tao won the 2012 David di Donatello for Best Actress for her performance as Shun Li. It also took out the 2014 Whitehead Award at the 13th annual international film festival.
 Latham Circle Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located adjacent to the Latham Circle (the intersection of US 9 and NY 2) in Latham New York. Built in 1957 as Latham Corners Shopping Center the mall was renovated several times in its history most notably in 1977 when it became a fully enclosed and temperature-controlled shopping mall. As of 2013 its sole tenant is its anchor store JCPenney which has been part of the complex since it opened in 1957.
 Conflict of Interest is a legal/suspense thriller written by David Crump in 1997. A paperback edition was published by Strawberry Hill Press in that year.
 The Old Cathedral (German: Alter Dom) also called the Church of Ignatius (German: Ignatiuskirche) or the Jesuit Church (German: Jesuitenkirche) is a church in Linz Austria. It was built between 1669 and 1683 in Baroque style. From 1785 to 1909 it served as cathedral of the Diocese of Linz.
 The Tsirku River is a glacier-fed stream in Southeast Alaska near the town of Haines in the U.S. state of Alaska. The river's source is found at the Tsirku Glacier a large sprawling ice mass at the border of Alaska and the Canadian province of British Columbia. The river ends in a 4-mile (6 km) wide delta near the Tlingit village of Klukwan.
 Chokila Iyer is India's first female Foreign secretary. She took charge on 14 March 2001 replacing Mr. Lalit Mansingh. She is a 1964 Batch Officer a native of [Darjeeling West Bengal] and earlier headed the Indian mission in Ireland.
 Black Sphinx of Nebthu is a short story by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in the July 1973 issue of the magazine Fantastic and was first appeared in book form by Ace Books in the paperback collection Conan of Aquilonia in May 1977 which was reprinted several timesthrough 1994. The first British edition was published by Sphere Books in October 1978.
 Arthur Julien Tremblay PC OC OQ (June 18 1917 – October 27 1996) was a Canadian politician.Born in St-Bruno Lac Saint-Jean Quebec he received a Master of Arts degree in 1942 from Université Laval and a Master of Education degree in 1945 from Harvard University.In 1979 he was appointed by Joe Clark to the Senate representing the senatorial division of The Laurentides Quebec.
 Tylmanowa [tɨlmaˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ochotnica Dolna within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Ochotnica Dolna village 30 km (19 mi) east of Nowy Targ and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Hellboy: Sword of Storms is the first of the Hellboy Animated series based on Mike Mignola's popular comic book series Hellboy and the live-action film of the same name. It was released in 2006. The second animated straight-to-DVD film Hellboy: Blood and Iron was released on 17 March 2007.
 Autosport is a weekly magazine covering motorsport published in the United Kingdom every Thursday by Haymarket Consumer Media. It was first published on 25 August 1950 by Gregor Grant immediately prior to the Silverstone International Trophy meeting of that year. ISSN 0269-946X
 The Dawna Range also known as Dawna Hills (Burmese Dawna Taungdan; Thai: ทิวเขาดอยมอนกุจู) is a mountain range in eastern Burma and northwestern Thailand. Its northern end is located in Kayah State where it meets the Daen Lao Range a subrange of the Shan Hills. The range runs southwards along Kayin State as a natural border with Mon State in the west forming parallel ranges to the northern end of the Tenasserim Hills further south and southeast.
 Election Day is a 1929 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 81st Our Gang short that was released.
 St. Peter's Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church at 507 South Tryon Street in Charlotte North Carolina. It was established in 1851 and is the oldest Catholic church in Charlotte. Until 1940 it was the only Catholic church in the city. Originally St. Peter's was at the extreme southern limits of the city but today it stands in the heart of uptown across from major art museums and next to The Green.
 The Mosque of Twenty-Five Prophets (Arabic: مسجد 25 نبيّ‎ Russian: Мечеть двадцати пяти Пророков) is situated in the southern part of the city of Ufa the capital of the Republic of Bashkortostan in the Russian Federation.
 The Best Job in the World (French: Le Plus Beau Métier du monde) is a 1996 French drama film directed by Gérard Lauzier. It was entered into the 20th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Princess Comet (コメットさん Kometto-san) is a Japanese TV Drama and manga series created and illustrated by Mitsuteru Yokoyama the creator of Tetsujin 28-go and Giant Robo. The TV drama tells the story of Comet one of the princesses of the Triangle Nebula who came to Earth in search for the missing prince. The Manga is first serialized in Shueisha's monthly Margaret magazine from July to November 1967 marking as one of Japan's first Magical Girl series produced.
 Snow White (1916) is an American silent romantic fantasy film directed by J. Searle Dawley based on the Winthrop Ames (using the pseudonym Jessie Graham White) Broadway play Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1912). Tha latter was adapted from the Grimm brothers 1812 fairy tale. In the film's lead roles were: Marguerite Clark and Creighton Hale. A print of the film survives in George Eastman House collections. The Walt Disney 1937 animated film is an adaptation.
 The Aristocats is an American animated feature film produced and released by Walt Disney Productions in 1970 and features the voices of Eva Gabor Hermione Baddeley Phil Harris Dean Clark Sterling Holloway Scatman Crothers and Roddy Maude-Roxby.
 The The Classic Flyers Museum is an aviation museum located at the Tauranga Airport Mount Maunganui New Zealand owned by a registered New Zealand charitable trust the Bay of Plenty Classic Aircraft Trust.The museum has a range of flying and static aircraft displays as well as a cafe. The museum features a Hawker Hunter.
 Christmas Caravan is a Christmas album by jazz band Squirrel Nut Zippers. It was released in 1998 through Mammoth Records and contains a version of the song Sleigh Ride.
 Nautgardsoksli is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Light (French: L'Équipier) is a 2004 French film directed by Philippe Lioret and starring Sandrine Bonnaire Émilie Dequenne Grégori Derangère and Philippe Torreton.
 Cat Among the Pigeons is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 2 November 1959 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in March 1960 with a copyright date of 1959. The UK edition retailed at twelve shillings and sixpence (12/6) and the US edition at US$2.95.It features Christie's Belgian detective Hercule Poirot who makes a very late appearance in the final third of the novel.
 Lihim ng Lumang Simbahan is a 1940 Filipino film directed by Tor Villanoand starring Tita Duran Reynaldo Dante and Luningning.
 Doubtful Sound is a very large and naturally imposing fiord (despite its name) in Fiordland in the far south west of New Zealand. It is located in the same region as the smaller but more famous and accessible Milford Sound. It took second place after said Fiord as New Zealand's most famous tourism destination.
 Get What You Deserve is the sixth album by German thrash metal band Sodom released in 1994. The band incorporated a more punkish approach to their thrash metal style. The original cover had an overweight thirtysomething male lying in the midst of a vandalized whorehouse mutilated beyond recognition. A young prostitute clad in bra and panties wearing a Jason Voorhees hockey mask can be seen looking on. The reissued cover has the members of the band standing side by side.
 Çiftlikköy is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Our Town is a 2007 South Korean film.
 The Times of India (TOI) is an Indian English-language daily newspaper. In 2008 the newspaper reported that with a circulation of over 3.14 million it had been certified by the Audit Bureau of Circulations (India) as the world's largest selling English-language daily ranking it as the third largest selling newspaper in any language in the world and the largest selling newspaper outside Japan.
 From the Files of the Time Rangers is a fix-up novel by Richard Bowes dealing with time travel and alternative history. Its foreword Rick Bowes: An Appreciation is by Kage Baker author of The Company novels. The novel was edited by Marty Halpern for Golden Gryphon Press. Several of the individual sections had previously published in shorter albeit different form.
 Idiodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Boddepalli Rajagopala Rao (b: 12 March 1923 - d: 22 February 1992) was a veteran parliamentarian in India.
 NBC Building is the 29th tallest building in San Diego California and is a prominent fixture in San Diego's skyline. The 23-story skyscraper has a height of 339 ft (103 m) and is located in the Horton Plaza district of Downtown San Diego and is home to the area NBC owned and operated station. KNSD. The skyscraper utilizes a modern architectural style.
 J. D. Grey sometimes known by his adopted name as James David Grey (December 18 1906 - July 26 1985) was a major figure in the Southern Baptist Convention who from 1937 to 1972 was the pastor of the large First Baptist Church of New Orleans Louisiana.
 Cacozelia pemphusalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Cacozelia. It was described by Druce in 1899. It is found in the southern part of the United States including Arizona.
 Swasey Mountain is the north section of the House Range of northwest Millard County Utah; the extreme north of Swasey Mountain extends into south Juab County.The Swasey Mountain section contains a north-trending ridge at the west about 14-mi long; the south of the section is east-west the mountain shaped like an L.
 Squalus is a large genus of dogfish sharks one of two genera in the family Squalidae.
 Calliostoma xanthos is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Royal Eagle is a 1936 British crime film directed by George A. Cooper and starring John Garrick Nancy Burne Felix Aylmer and Edmund Willard. The screenplay was written by Arnold Ridley.
 Carbonate Mountain elevation 13670 ft (4170 m) is a summit in the Sawatch Range of central Colorado. The mountain is northeast of Monarch in the San Isabel National Forest.
 Pomacea aldersoni is a South American species of freshwater snail with gills and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.
 The Antholzer See (Italian: Lago di Anterselva; German: Antholzer See) is a lake in the Antholzertal in South Tyrol Italy. It belongs to the municipality of Rasen-Antholz.
 The Last Dance is a live album by the British melodic rock band Magnum released in 1996 by SPV. This is the European release; the UK release was called Stronghold.
 Robert M. Bob Tata (born January 27 1930) is an American politician. A Republican he has been a member of the Virginia House of Delegates since 1984 representing the 85th district in Virginia Beach.Tata announced that he would not run for reelection in 2013.
 Delirious is a stand-up comedy television special starring Eddie Murphy. The 70-minute show released in 1983 showcases his most racy material. It was recorded on August 17 1983 at DAR Constitution Hall in Washington D.C. It was a big success and was followed by the concert film Eddie Murphy Raw. The Bus Boys perform in the beginning of the concert and are referenced throughout by Murphy.
 Terminator Salvation is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by McG and starring Christian Bale and Sam Worthington. It is the fourth installment in the Terminator series. In a departure from the previous installments which were set between 1984 and 2004 and used time travel as a key plot element Salvation is set in 2018 and focuses on the war between Skynet and humanity with the human Resistance fighting against Skynet's killing machines.
 St Peter's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of South Somercotes Lincolnshire England (grid reference TF416938). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is 8 miles (13 km) to the northeast of Louth and to the west of the A1013 road. With its tall spire rising from a flat landscape it has been called The Queen of the Marsh.
 Deshamanya Gamani Corea (4 November 1925 – 3 November 2013) was a Sri Lankan economist civil servant and diplomat. He was also the Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development and Under-Secretary-General of the United Nations from 1974 to 1984 Ceylon's Ambassador to the EEC Belgium Luxembourg and the Netherlands the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Planning and Economic Affairs of Ceylon and the Senior Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Ceylon.
 William J. Bill Hilty (born November 2 1938) is a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives representing District 8A which includes portions of Carlton Pine and St. Louis counties in the northeastern part of the state. A Democrat he is also a business owner partner and consultant.Hilty was first elected in 1996 and has been re-elected every two years since then.
 Silver Sands is a summer village in Alberta Canada. The village is located on the shores of Isle Lake.
 Rewica-Kolonia [rɛˈvit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów within Brzeziny County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Jeżów 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Brzeziny and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Gastrotheca dendronastes is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Konopiště (Czech pronunciation: [ˈkonopɪʃcɛ]; German: Konopischt) is a four-winged three storey château located in the Czech Republic about 50 km (30 mi) southeast of Prague outside the city of Benešov. It has become famous as the last residence of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria heir of the Austro-Hungarian throne whose assassination in Sarajevo triggered World War I. The bullet that killed him fired by Gavrilo Princip is now an exhibit at the castle's museum.
 Połom Mały [ˈpɔwɔm ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwkowa within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 The Monkland Canal was a 12¼ mile (19.6 km) canal designed to bring coal from the mining areas of Monklands to Glasgow in Scotland. In the course of a long and difficult construction process it was opened progressively as short sections were completed from 1771.
 Saviour of the Soul II (alternative Chinese title 九二神鵰俠侶) is a 1992 Hong Kong action romance film directed by Corey Yuen and David Lai and starring Andy Lau and Rosamund Kwan. Although the film shares the same Chinese title as Louis Cha's The Return of the Condor Heroes it is unrelated to the novel. It is also unrelated to the 1991 film Saviour of the Soul.
 Keri River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Hindod hills. Its basin has a maximum length of 183 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 560 km2.
 Headquarters House also known as William Hickling Prescott House is an historic house at 55 Beacon Street on Beacon Hill in Boston Massachusetts. It is the left-hand portion of a double townhouse at 54-55 Beacon Street seen in the photograph. Built in 1808 the twin units were designed by architect Asher Benjamin.
 Tellus Series B: Chemical and Physical Meteorology is a scientific journal that was published by Blackwell Publishing for the International Meteorological Institute in Stockholm Sweden until December 2011. From January 2012 the issues are published online by Co-action Publishing as an open access journal.
 Francis Asbury also known as the Francis Asbury Memorial is a public equestrian statue by American artist Augustus Lukeman located at 16th Street and Mt. Pleasant Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Mount Pleasant neighborhood. It was originally surveyed as part of the Smithsonian's Save Outdoor Sculpture! survey in 1994.
 The First Union School is a historic Rosenwald school building for African-American children located at 1522 Old Mill Rd. in Crozier Goochland County Virginia. It was built in 1926 as a “two-teacher” school. It is a one-story frame school on a concrete foundation. It has an engaged porch and hipped roof. The listing included two contributing buildings. The school operated until December 1958.
 The Malabar gliding frog or Malabar flying frog (Rhacophorus malabaricus) is a moss frog species found in the Western Ghats of India.
 Agasanahundi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Heggadadevankote taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Eilema flavicosta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in India (Assam) and Borneo.
 The golomyankas (lit. naked) or Baikal oilfish are two species of peculiar sculpin-like fishes endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia.
 Chippenham Preceptory was a preceptory in Cambridgeshire England. It was established in 1184 and was dissolved in 1540.
 El hombre señalado is a 1957 Argentine drama film directed by Francis Lauric. It was entered into the 7th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Drama is the ninth studio album by the British female vocal duo Bananarama. It features eleven newly recorded tracks along with a remix of their 1986 smash hit Venus (done by Soft Cell's Marc Almond) and a 2005 remix of their 1982 hit Really Saying Something an underground bootleg club hit produced by Solasso.Drama is a comeback of sorts for Bananarama members Keren Woodward and Sara Dallin and is their first album to be released in their native UK since 1993.
 Stories from our neighbourhood Arabic title حكايات حارتنا is a collection of stories by the Egyptian author Naguib Mahfouz who was awarded the Nobel Literature Prize in 1988. The novel published in 1975 takes place in Cairo in the 1920s and consist of 77 autobiographical stories during the social unrest occurring in the country at the time.
 Dictyna armata is spider species found in Ukraine and Georgia.
 Honeoye Lake (/ˈhʌni.ɔɪ/ honey-oy) is a Seneca word translated as a lying finger or where the finger lies. is one of the Finger Lakes of New York State in the USA. The lake is in Ontario County. Most of the lake is within the town of Richmond but a smaller southwestern part is in the town of Canadice. The hamlet of Honeoye is just north of the lake.Honeoye Lake is the second smallest of the Finger Lakes and is located to the west of the major lakes.
 Pria Viswalingam is a prominent Australian documentary and filmmaker. He is of Tamil Sri Lankan ancestry and was born in 1962 in Malaysia. He was schooled there as well as in Britain Singapore and Australia. He is a Sydney-based journalist and television presenter best known for his work for the Australian Special Broadcasting Service (SBS) network.He moved to Australia in 1978 and after finishing his schooling he graduated from the Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts in 1987.
 The Miracle (1912) (Germany: Das Mirakel France: Le Miracle) is a British silent full-colour film using the hand-coloured Pathéchrome process. Produced by Joseph Menchen and directed by Michel Carré it is among the very first full-colour feature films to be made.
 Bolandu (Persian: بلندو‎ also Romanized as Bolandū; also known as Boland) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 25 families.
 Marvel Comics Super Special: Blade Runner is the comic book adaptation of the film Blade Runner published by Marvel Comics in 1982. It was written by Archie Goodwin with art by Al Williamson Carlos Garzon with Dan Green and Ralph Reese.The Jim Steranko cover leads into a 45-page adaptation which includes one possible explanation of the title's significance in story context: the narrative line Blade runner.
 The Twelve Chairs (Spanish: Las doce sillas) is a 1962 Cuban comedy film directed by Tomás Gutiérrez Alea. It was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Scare Tactics is a comic book series published by DC Comics. A total of twelve issues appeared dated from December 1996 to March 1998. The series written by Len Kaminski was a part of DC's Weirdoverse group of titles.
 First Baptist Church of Augusta is a Baptist church in Augusta Georgia. The original location is now a historical site and the church is currently located on Walton Way.
 Journeys of Frodo: An Atlas of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings by Barbara Strachey is an atlas based on the fictional realm of Middle-earth which traces the journeys undertaken by the characters in Tolkien's epic.The book comprises 51 two-colour maps (a general map of Middle-earth and 50 numbered maps) at various scales all based on the original The Lord of the Rings maps drawn by Christopher Tolkien from his father's sketches.
 Sameway Magazine (同路人 - Tóng lù rén) is a weekly tabloid-format newspaper published in the city of Melbourne Australia. First published as a magazine in September 2004 it is currently printed weekly in 3 editions. Different editions are available in Adelaide Melbourne and Sydney/Brisbane.
 Pseudolithoxus tigris is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the upper Orinoco and Ventuari River basins. This species grows to a length of 9.4 centimetres (3.7 in) SL.P. tigris probably matures at a relatively small size; in a specimen about 5 cm (2 in) SL the snout and pectoral-fin spine odontodes are already greatly elongated while the odontodes are only beginning to develop in similarly sized specimens of other species.
 Best of the West Rides Again is a compilation recording by the Western band Riders in the Sky in 1989.This is the second compilation taken from the Rounder albums presented by Riders in the Sky.
 Solina [sɔˈlʲina] (Ukrainian: Солина Solyna) is a village in Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the former seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Solina (in 1999 Polańczyk became the new seat). It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Lesko and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 The Grizzled Blue (Orachrysops subravus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from montane grassland from the East Cape to the southern Drakensberg foothills and the KwaZulu-Natal midlands.The wingspan is 30–36 mm for males and 22–36 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to January although the except time depends on the spring rains. Adults are on wing later in the southern part of the range.
 A Children’s Story (Italian: Certi bambini) also known as Certain Children in Australia was directed by Andrea and Antonio Frazzi in 2004 and is an Italian film which focuses on the life of an eleven-year-old boy growing up in an environment of poverty and criminality in Naples. This was the second film to be made by the Frazzi twins Il cielo cade (starring Isabella Rossellini and Jeroen Krabbé) having been released in the year 2000.
 The Forest Home Farms is a 16-acre (6.5 ha) municipal historic park located in San Ramon California. In 1997 Ruth Quayle Boone bequeathed the land and all buildings on it to the City of San Ramon for use as a park and historical site in memory of her husband Travis Moore Boone.
 Nottingham Council House is the city hall of Nottingham England. The iconic 200 feet (61 m) high dome that rises above the city is the centrepiece of the skyline and presides over the Old Market Square.The Council House was designed by Thomas Cecil Howitt and built between 1927 and 1929 in the Neo-Baroque style characterised by the huge pillars that circle the building along with the carvings on the facade.
 The Sirinhaém River is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
 Lake Wabby is a small freshwater green colored lake. It is located in the Great Sandy National Park on the eastern side of Fraser Island off the coast of Queensland Australia. The lake is directly adjacent to a sand blow which is slowly moving into the lake. Eventually it will disappear under the sand.Unlike most other lakes on Fraser Island which are too acidic Lake Wabby provides habitat to several species of fish.The lakes is both a window lake and a barrage lake.
 FabricLive.08 is a DJ mix compilation album by Plump DJs as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 So Evil My Love (U.S. The Obsessed) is a 1948 British and American Gothic psychological thriller film directed by Lewis Allen and starring Ray Milland Ann Todd and Geraldine Fitzgerald.The film is a period drama set in the Victorian era and shot in film noir style in the late-1940s sub-genre often referred to as Gaslight noir. It is based on the popular novel by Marjorie Bowen (published under the pseudonym Joseph Shearing) and was filmed at Denham Studios and on location in London.
 Tall-e Amanollah (Persian: تل امان اله‎ also Romanized as Tall-e Amānollāh) is a village in Shurab Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 8 families.
 The Two Towers is the second volume of J. R. R. Tolkien's high fantasy novel The Lord of the Rings. It is preceded by The Fellowship of the Ring and followed by The Return of the King.
 For the Czech psychiatrist see Oskar FischerOskar Fischer (born 19 March 1923) was an East German politician who served as minister of foreign affairs of the German Democratic Republic from 1975 to 1990.
 Teacher's Beau is a 1935 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 136th Our Gang short (48th talking episode) that was released.
 Konin [ˈkɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Liaberget is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Harrison County Courthouse in Cadiz Ohio was constructed during 1893 to 1895 by Joseph W. Yost. The courthouse mirrors others of his design with large arched windows mansard-roofed towers and a central clock tower domed and topped with a statue Justice. The porches to the entrances are covered with a balcony.After the building was constructed a mechanic's lien was filed by the Greer family to prevent the county from taking possession of the property.
 Aleksandrowice [alɛksandrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabierzów within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Zabierzów and 13 km (8 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 726.
 Verdi Lake is a glacial tarn in the Ruby Mountains in Elko County in the northeastern part of the state of Nevada. It is located at the head of Talbot Canyon at approximately 40°38.9′N 115°21.2′W and at an elevation of 10220 feet (3115 m). Directly to the south rises Verdi Peaks. It has an area of approximately 6 acres (2.4 hectares) and a depth of up to 86 feet (26 m). Verdi Lake is unusual in two respects.
 More Sorcery is a live album by Hungarian jazz guitarist Gábor Szabó featuring performances recorded in 1967 in Boston and at the Monterey Jazz Festival for the Impulse! label.
 Zloćudovo is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 271 people.
 Honeg-e Pain (Persian: هنگ پايين‎ also Romanized as Honeg-e Pā’īn; also known as Hanaka Hanak-e Pā’īn Henek Pā’īn and Honek-e Pā’īn) is a village in Mahan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tom Thumb's Picture Alphabet is an illustrated picture book for children published in 1850s.
 The Inot River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Earth and Planetary Science Letters is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on physical chemical and mechanical processes of the Earth and other planets including extrasolar ones. Topics covered range from deep planetary interiors to atmospheres. The journal was established in 1966 and is published by Elsevier. The editors are T. Elliott (University of Bristol) T.M. Harrison (University of California Los Angeles) G.M. Henderson (University of Oxford) J.
 The Cache la Poudre River /ˌkæʃ ləˈpuːdər/ (sometimes called the Poudre River or the Poudre) is in the state of Colorado in the United States. Its headwaters are in the Front Range in Larimer County in the northern part of Rocky Mountain National Park. The river descends eastward in the mountains through the Roosevelt National Forest in Poudre Canyon. It emerges from the foothills north of the city of Fort Collins.
 Leitenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Uncle Vanya is a 1957 American film adaptation of the play Uncle Vanya by Anton Chekhov. Filmed concurrently with an Off Broadway production it was both co-produced and co-directed by actor Franchot Tone who starred as Dr. Astroff. Tone's wife at the time Delores Dorn-Heft co-starred as Elena Andreevna appearing in the only role not featuring an actor from the stage version in New York where the part was played by Signe Hasso.
 'n Beetje Verliefd (English: Happy Family) is a 2006 Dutch comedy film directed by Martin Koolhoven. The film received a Golden Film award since the film sold 100000 tickets. For Koolhoven the film meant his third hit movie within two years.
 Brian T. Taniguchi (born November 7 1951 in Honolulu Hawaii) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Hawaii Senate since January 16 2013 representing District 10. Taniguchi served consecutively from 1995 until 2013 in the District 10 and District 11 seats having served consecutively in the Hawaii State Legislature from 1981 until 1995 in the Hawaii House of Representatives.
 The San Agustin de Laredo Historic District is a historical district that covers what was once the original city of Laredo Texas that was established by Don Tomás Sánchez. Today the district is located in Downtown Laredo. The San Agustin District is home to San Agustin Cathedral (which the district's named after) and to the Republic of the Rio Grande Capitol. Most of the district's streets are made from bricks.
 Joanin [jɔˈanin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Edwards Building is a historic department store building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a seven-story building built in 1908 in the Renaissance Revival style. The building is elaborately clad in white terra cotta and features Chicago style windows. It was built to house the Edward's Department Store.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 My Side of the Mountain is a 1969 film adaption of the 1959 novel of the same name by Jean Craighead George. It was directed by James B. Clark.
 Proclus is a young lunar impact crater located to the west of the Mare Crisium on the east shore of the Palus Somni. It lies to the south of the prominent terraced crater Macrobius and west-northwest of the lava-flooded Yerkes. Between Proclus and Yerkes on the edge of the mare are the Promontories named Olivium and Lavinium.The rim of Proclus is distinctly polygonal in shape having the shape of a pentagon and does not rise very far above the surrounding terrain.
 Staffelberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. It is part of the Franconian Switzerland and one of the most important landmarks in Franconia. First settlements date from the neolithic Stone Age. Romans Celts and Franconians followed. Nowadays it is a famous tourists' attraction - not only because of the great view over the Main valley. The Staffelberg is located next to Vierzehnheiligen and the district capitol of Lichtenfels. At the foot of the mountain there is the city Bad Staffelstein.
 Carposina telesia is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1910. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Western Australia.
 Dust (Macedonian: Прашина Prašina Prashina) is a 2001 Macedonian film starring Joseph Fiennes David Wenham Adrian Lester Anne Brochet Nikolina Kujača Vera Farmiga and Rosemary Murphy. It was directed and written by Milcho Manchevski. The music was created by Kiril Džajkovski.
 Jackal is Coming (Hangul: 자칼이 온다; hanja: 胡狼來了 also known as Code Name : Jackal or The Jackal is Coming) is a 2012 South Korean action comedy film starring Song Ji-hyo Kim Jaejoong of JYJ and Oh Dal-soo. The film is directed by Bae Hyoung-jun whose work included Too Beautiful to Lie and Once Upon a Time. It was produced by Nomad Films distributed by Lotte Entertainment. It was released on 15 November 2012 and ran for 105 minutes.
 Paldaran (Persian: پالدرن‎ also Romanized as Pāldaran) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 12 families.
 Iscadia aperta is a moth of the Nolidae family. It is found in Arizona and Texas Central America South America and the Antilles.
 Walter Momper (born 21 February 1945) is a German politician and former Governing Mayor of Berlin (West Berlin 1989–1990 reunited Berlin 1990–1991). Whilst Governing Mayor he served as President of the Bundesrat in 1989/90. He attended the opening of the Brandenburg Gate on 22 December 1989 and thus was the first mayor of a reunited Berlin.He was born in Sulingen (near Bremen) today Lower Saxony and is a member of the SPD (Social Democrats).
 The Troublemaker is a 1964 film directed by Theodore J. Flicker. The script was co-written by him and Buck Henry and they both had roles in the film. The humor was based on The Premise a Greenwich Village based comedy troupe.
 Jeżyczki [jɛˈʐɨt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Darłowo 19 km (12 mi) west of Sławno and 158 km (98 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 330.
 Oseam (Hangul: 오세암) is a 2003 South Korean drama/religious animation directed by Sung Baek-yeop. It is based on a novel by Korean author Jeong Chae-bong who has described it as being a fairy tale for adults. The title means “Five year old temple.”
 Rodéo is a 2004 album recorded by French pop singer Zazie. It was her fifth studio album and her seventh album overall. It was released on 22 November 2004 and achieved success in francophone countries. It provided four singles but all of them were only released as promotional singles and therefore did not chart.
 The Invisible Front (German: Die unsichtbare Front) or A submarine spying film or Ein U-Boot-Spionage-Film in German is a German cloak-and-dagger-movie from 1932 directed by Richard Eichberg and starring Trude von Molo Karl Ludwig Diehl Veit Harlan and Paul Hörbiger. The story was written by Robert A. Stemmle Curt Siodmak and Max W.
 Emotions is the fourth studio album by American pop and country artist Brenda Lee. The album was released April 3 1961 on Decca Records and was produced by Owen Bradley. It was one of two studio albums released by Lee in 1961 and its title track spawned from the album became a Top 10 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 the same year.
 Lost River Peak also known as Lost River Mountain at 12078 feet (3681 m) above sea level is the sixth highest peak in Idaho and the fifth highest in the Lost River Range. The peak is located in Salmon-Challis National Forest in Custer County. It is 1.8 mi (2.9 km) southeast of Mount Breitenbach its line parent.
 Blastophaga psenes is a wasp species in the genus Blastophaga. The common fig Ficus carica is pollinated by B. psenes. Some cultivars of domestic fig trees are parthenocarpic and don't need to be pollinated by B. psenes to produce fruits. These fruits are seedless and the sterile parthenocarpic cultivars can therefore only be propagated vegetatively.B. psenes is also the vector of the plant parasitic nematode Schistonchus caprifici (Aphelenchoididae).
 A Midsummer Night's Dream is a 1909 American film directed by Charles Kent and starring Walter Ackerman and Charles Chapman. This is the first film version of the classic play by William Shakespeare.
 The Badshot Range is a subrange of the Duncan Ranges of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia Canada located west of Duncan Lake and Westfall River east of Trout Lake.
 The Scars of Ages is an EP from Through the Eyes of the Dead.
 Repvåg Church (Norwegian: Repvåg kirke) is a church in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Repvåg. The church is part of the Nordkapp parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built in 1967 by the architect Trond Dancke. It seats about 50 people.
 The Bakersfield Californian is a daily newspaper serving Bakersfield California and surrounding Kern County in the state's San Joaquin Valley.
 Sonsogor is the highest peak in the state of Goa India at an altitude of 1166 metres (3825 ft) above sea level. It is located in the taluk (county) of Sattari. It is also called Sonsogodd Darsingha or Darsinga. It is a part of the Western Ghats mountain range.
 The Broken Hills are a mountain range in Churchill County Nevada.
 The Excelsior Hotel in 120 Manchester Street Christchurch originally the Borough Hotel in recent years known as Excelsior Backpackers or New Excelsior Backpackers was a Category I heritage building in central Christchurch. It was designed by then most prominent architect William Armson and was one of the few remaining examples of his work in the city. It was heavily damaged in the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake and all but its western facade has been demolished.
 Gabriel Jones (May 17 1724 – October 1806) was an 18th-century Welsh American lawyer legislator court clerk and civil servant in the colony (and later U.S. state) of Virginia.Jones attended Christ's Hospital (also known as The Bluecoat School) after which he served as an indentured apprentice studying jurisprudence under a solicitor in the Court of Chancery and of Lyon's Inn in Middlesex. At the age of 21 Jones was admitted to practice law following the completion of his apprenticeship.
 The Lincoln School in Oskaloosa Iowa was built in 1921. It was designed by Frank E. Wetherell with elements of Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Margaret Hilda Thatcher Baroness Thatcher LG OM PC FRS (née Roberts 13 October 1925 – 8 April 2013) was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1979 to 1990 and the Leader of the Conservative Party from 1975 to 1990. She was the longest-serving British Prime Minister of the 20th century and is the only woman to have held the office. A Soviet journalist called her the Iron Lady a nickname that became associated with her uncompromising politics and leadership style.
 The Forsaken is the third studio album by the Christian black metal band Antestor released in 2005 on Endtime Productions. The album features guest appearances of the established metal musicians Jan Axel Blomberg (Hellhammer) and Ann-Mari Edvardsen.
 Street is the first studio album by Dutch rock and roll and blues group Herman Brood & His Wild Romance and the start of a solo career for Herman Brood who had earlier toured and recorded with Cuby and the Blizzards and made one record with the short-lived band Stud. Commercially it was not very successful: on the Dutch album chart it reached #30 on 28 May 1977 and stayed on the chart for 7 weeks. The record was re-released on CD in 1995 by Sony BMG/Ariola.
 Eremita is the fourth studio solo album by former Emperor frontman Ihsahn. The album features guest appearances by several notable musicians including Devin Townsend and Jeff Loomis of Nevermore.
 My Wife and the Dog (Arabic: زوجتي و الكلب‎ translit. Zawgaty Wal Kalb) is a 1971 Egyptian film directed by Said Marzouk. The film was selected as the Egyptian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 45th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Spilletta (1749 – 1776) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. She only raced once and is best known for being the dam of the undefeated Eclipse.
 Playlist: The Very Best of Ricky Martin is a greatest hits album released by Legacy Recordings featuring a collection of Ricky Martin's English-language songs.
 Eichenwaldgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Huduga Hudugi is a 2010 comedy film written and directed by Indrajit Lankesh. The film features Dhyan and Lekha Washington in the lead roles whilst other noted actresses play roles in the film. The film was launched in 2008 as Thunta Thunti with Ganesh and Praneetha in the lead roles and then a second launch was conducted in March 2010 with Ganesh and Ishita Sharma but the pair later opted out of the project.
 Young and Dangerous 4 (Chinese: 97古惑仔之戰無不勝; Literal Title 97 Wise Guys: No War Cannot Be Won) is a 1997 Hong Kong triad film directed by Andrew Lau. It is the third sequel to the Young and Dangerous film series.
 The Blue and the Gray is a television miniseries that first aired on CBS in three installments on November 14 November 16 and November 17 1982. Set during the American Civil War the series starred John Hammond Stacy Keach Lloyd Bridges and Gregory Peck as President Abraham Lincoln. It was executive produced by Larry White and Lou Reda in association with Columbia Pictures Television then owned by The Coca-Cola Company.
 Darrell E. Dexter (born September 10 1957) is a Canadian lawyer journalist and former naval officer who served as the 27th Premier of the Canadian province of Nova Scotia from 2009 to 2013. A member of the Nova Scotia New Democratic Party he served as party leader from 2001 to 2013. He became Premier in 2009 after his party defeated the governing Progressive Conservative Party leading the first NDP government in Atlantic Canada and the second east of Manitoba.
 Hidden Glacier is located in the US state of Montana. The glacier is situated in the Beartooth Mountains at an elevation of 10500 feet (3200 m) nestled within a cirque between Mount Villard to the east and Glacier Peak to the west. The glacier covers approximately 10 acres (0.040 km2).
 George John Sackville-West 5th Earl de la Warr PC (26 October 1791 – 23 February 1869) styled Viscount Cantelupe until 1795 was a British courtier and Tory politician.
 Loíza Lake or Lago Loíza is a reservoir located in the municipality of Trujillo Alto Puerto Rico. It was formed by construction of the Carraízo Dam on the Río Grande de Loíza. It serves as the main source for the water supply of the San Juan metropolitan area.
 The Opheim Hills el. 3304 feet (1007 m) is a set of hills northwest of Opheim Montana in Valley County Montana United States.
 Studia theologica (ISSN 1212-8570 in Czech and Slovak languages with English abstracts) is a peer-reviewed quarterly academic journal of theology philosophy and church history. Since 1999 it is issued in co-operation of four Czech and Slovak theological colleges: St.
 The Best of Bob Dylan is a single-disc compilation album containing songs by Bob Dylan released on November 15 2005.The Best of Bob Dylan is available in a digipak format in an attempt to imitate a vinyl record. The album has liner notes written by Bill Flanagan with commentary on each of the album's tracks.
 St Augustine Papey was a mediaeval church in the City of London situated in what is now Bury Street. First mentioned as  Sci augustini pappey  it originally belonged to the Priory of Holy Trinity. By 1430 the emoluments had become so small that it was united with All Hallows-on-the-Wall and in 1442 was appropriated as an almshouse for elderly clergy. At the time of the Dissolution of the Monasteries it was demolished and the site built over.
 Paintbrush Divide is a pedestrian mountain pass located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Situated at approximately 10720 ft (3270 m) above sea level the pass can be accessed from the east by way of the Paintbrush Canyon or Cascade Canyon Trails and involves a nearly 4000 ft (1200 m) altitude gain.
 Dinner Lake is a 420-acre (2 km2) lake located in Sebring Florida. The lake averages about 10 feet (3 m) in depth and the deepest point is approximately 22 feet (7 m). Geologically speaking the lake is part of the Eastern Complex of the Central Ridge subdivision of the Lake Wales division of the Central Lake District (of Florida).Dinner Lake has one boat ramp located on the north shore of the lake.
 Hush Hush Baby (original title: Shouf Shouf Habibi!) is a 2004 Dutch comedy film written and directed by Albert ter Heerdt.
 Buffalo Rising was originally a Buffalo New York monthly print newspaper which now publishes exclusively online.Buffalo Rising was founded by Newell Nussbaumer in 2003 as a way to cover grassroots movements Urban planning and development and activism in Buffalo New York. The format was originally a tri-annual and later a monthly printed paper with a small online blog to supplement it. The online blog quickly gained popularity and in 2004 Buffalo Rising Online was launched.
 Prime Evil is an anthology of horror short stories edited by Douglas E. Winter. It was first published in 1988 by New American Library. With the exception of the Dennis Etchison story The Blood Kiss the stories are original to this anthology.
 Blakeley near Charles Town West Virginia is also known as the Washington - Chew - Funkhouser House and was built in 1820 by John Augustine Washington II great-nephew of George Washington and son of John Augustine Washington. It is a contemporary of its neighbor Claymont Court built across Bullskin Run by John's brother Bushrod Corbin Washington. John Washington did not attempt to match the grandeur of Claymont Court as he was in line to inherit Mount Vernon and did so in 1829.
 Michael A. Chagares (born 1962) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
 Mark Stephen Schweiker (born January 31 1953) is a businessman and politician who served as the 44th Governor of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania from 2001 to 2003. Schweiker a Republican became Governor of Pennsylvania in 2001 when his predecessor Tom Ridge resigned to become Homeland Security Advisor to President George W. Bush.
 Bernita Sims is the mayor of High Point North Carolina. She was elected November 6 2012 with 33% of the vote. Sims a Democrat is the city's first African American mayor. On November 18 2013 Sims was indicted by a Guilford County grand jury for allegedly writing a worthless $7000 check.
 Fremantle Fire Station in Fremantle Western Australia was the second fire station built for the Fremantle Fire Brigade and was opened in 1909. It was designed by architectural firm Cavanagh and Cavanagh and constructed by J. Lake. The fire station was designed to house four horse-drawn vehicles including the district's ambulance which was also operated by the fire brigade.
 Choreutis torridula is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1926. It is found in Sierra Leone.
 Lifetime: The Collection is a compilation album by The New Tony Williams Lifetime released in 1992 on Columbia/Legacy Records. The album contains all of the music from the two original New Lifetime albums Believe It (1975) and Million Dollar Legs (1976).
 Madeleine Mary Zeien Bordallo (born May 31 1933) is the Delegate from the United States territory of Guam to the United States House of Representatives.She is the first woman ever to serve as Guam's Delegate the first female Lieutenant Governor of Guam (from 1995 to 2003) the first female candidate for Governor of Guam (in 1990) and the first female Democrat elected to the Legislature of Guam. Her 1990 campaign also made her the first non-Chamorro gubernatorial candidate in Guam.
 Jonny is the debut album by the duo Jonny consisting of Norman Blake of Teenage Fanclub and Euros Childs of Gorky's Zygotic Mynci. The album was recorded with Teenage Fanclub bassist Dave McGowan and BMX Bandits drummer Stuart Kidd. Uncut placed the album at number 36 on its list of Top 50 albums of 2011.
 Those of the Unlight is the second studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was released in October 1993 by Osmose Productions and reissued in digipak format on April 4 2006 by Regain Records with bonus videos of three songs performed live on August 12 1993. It is the first album the band produced in a proper black metal style as opposed to the blackened death metal approach of their 1992 debut Dark Endless.
 Bloody Sunday: Scenes from the Saville Inquiry is a 2005 dramatisation by English journalist Richard Norton-Taylor of four years of evidence of the Saville Inquiry distilled into two hours of stage performance by Tricycle Theatre in London.
 Give Me Light is the fourth studio album album by the German gothic metal band Darkseed. It was released in 1999 with Nuclear Blast.
 The Economic Times is an English-language Indian daily newspaper published by the Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. first published in 1961. It is the world's second-most widely read English-language business newspaper after the Wall Street Journal. with a readership of over 800000.
 Racotis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Kasakan (Persian: كاسكان‎ also Romanized as Kasakān and Kāskān; also known as Qazqān) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 750 in 169 families.
 The Failing Office Building is a building in downtown Portland Oregon United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 31 2007. The building was built during the rapid growth in Portland's business district after the Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition in 1905. It was built with six stories in 1907 with a six-story addition in 1913.
 Walter Hippolyte Pilliet JP (8 February 1840 – 7 November 1885) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in Christchurch New Zealand. He worked initially as a surveyor and was then Resident Magistrate in several places. He was a newspaper editor and was represented in Parliament for one term.
 The West Road River or Blackwater River is an important tributary of the Fraser River flowing generally north-eastward from the northern slopes of the Ilgachuz Range and across the Fraser Plateau in the Chilcotin region of central British Columbia Canada. With only one major tributary the Nazko River (river flowing from the south in the Carrier language) its confluence with the Fraser is approximately 40 km northwest of Quesnel.
 Bach an der Frohndelle is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Naselle River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington.
 Major General William Antrobus Griesbach CB CMG DSO (January 3 1878 – January 21 1945) was a Canadian politician decorated soldier mayor of Edmonton and member of the Canadian House of Commons and Senate of Canada.
 Do Dooni Char is a 1968 Bollywood musical which is a loose remake of the 1963 Bengali film Bhrantibilas. Both films are loosely based on William Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors.
 The Journal for the Study of the New Testament is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers five times a year in the field of Biblical Studies. The journal's editor is Catrin Williams (University of Wales). It has been in publication since 1978 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Teyuwasu is a dubious genus of dinosaur from the Late Triassic. Named by Edio-Ernst Kischlat in 1999 little is known about this genus; the type species T. barbarenai was named from leg bones (a femur and a tibia) discovered in paleorrota geopark Brazil. The specific name honors Dr. Mário Costa Barberena a South American paleontologist. Teyuwasu means big lizard in the Tupi language. The holotype 1933L 53-54 is held at Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich.
 Pissodes is a genus of weevil described by Ernst Friedrich Germar in 1817.Species of Pissodes include: Pissodes castaneus Pissodes gyllenhali Pissodes harcyniae Pissodes notatus Pissodes piceae Pissodes pini Pissodes piniphilus Pissodes scabricollis Pissodes strobi Pissodes validirostris
 Petra Chérie is an Italian comic series created by Attilio Micheluzzi.
 The Patron Saint of Liars is a novel written by Ann Patchett. This is the first novel published by Patchett and it was selected as a New York Times Notable Book of the Year. Patchett completed the manuscript for The Patron Saint of Liars during a fellowship at the Fine Arts Work Center in Provincetown Massachusetts. The novel focuses on a young woman named Rose who abandons her life in California as a married woman.
 Canadian National Depot or Warroad Depot is a former railway station for the Canadian National Railway. The building now serves as an office for the City of Warroad in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
 Binah (Hebrew: בינה‎ Insight) is a Jewish women's magazine published weekly by Binah Magazine Corporation a subsidiary of Hamodia Publishing Corporation. It debuted in Elul 2006.Binah features articles appealing to Jewish women including family matters health recipes short stories and serialized novels.
 The Vasluieț River or Vaslui River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania. The Soleşti Dam is located on this river.
 Requiem for a Spanish Peasant (Réquiem por un campesino español) is a famous short novel in twentieth-century Spanish literature by Aragonese writer Ramón J. Sender. It relates the thoughts and memories of Mosén Millán a Catholic parish priest as he sits in the vestry of a church in a nameless Aragonese village preparing to conduct a requiem mass to celebrate the life of a young peasant named Paco killed by the Nationalist army a year earlier at the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War.
 The Yellowish Pipit (Anthus lutescens) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia French Guiana Guyana Panama Paraguay Peru Suriname Uruguay and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are temperate grassland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and pastureland.
 Fort Grey TB Hospital is a specialised Provincial government funded TB hospital situated in East London Eastern Cape in South Africa. It was established in 1955 and was previously a SANTA TB hospital.The hospital departments include an Out Patients Department Pharmacy Anti-Retroviral (ARV) treatment for HIV/AIDS X-Ray Services Laundry Services Kitchen Services and Mortuary.
 Juan de la Rosa: Memoirs of the Last Soldier of the Independence Movement is a book by the writer Nataniel Aguirre about the Bolivian War of Independence published in 1885.
 Laser Focus World is a monthly magazine published by PennWell Corporation covering laser photonics and optoelectronics technologies applications and markets. Many professionals in those fields receive it free of charge; it is also possible to subscribe.Approximately 70000 subscribers have access to an annual Lasers and Photonics Marketplace Seminar and The Photon Forum and can track daily photonics news at the magazine's website. There is also an annual buyer's guide.
 Peril at End House is a 1940 play based on the 1932 novel of the same name by Agatha Christie. The play is by Arnold Ridley who much later played Private Godfrey in Dad's Army. Ridley was granted permission to adapt the book in an agreement with Christie dated 18 July 1938.
 Jeff Chapman (born July 14 1959) is an American public servant and former businessman. In 2004 he was elected to the Georgia State Senate and subsequently reelected for two additional terms. He was a Republican candidate in the 2010 race for Governor of Georgia.
 The Plattigkopf is a mountain in the Glockturmkamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Utah Governor's Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of Utah and family. It is located at 603 E. South Temple St. Salt Lake City Utah.Built in 1902 by United States Senator and mining magnate Thomas Kearns the house was designed by notable Utah architect Carl M. Neuhausen who also designed the Cathedral of the Madeleine in Salt Lake City.
 Mazraeh-ye Karim Jarjani (Persian: مزرعه كريم جرجاني‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Karīm Jarjānī) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Jonubi Rural District Voshmgir District Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 25 families.
 The Pârâul Cărbunarilor is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Acrolophus cleptica is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 Kenneth Edward Havard known as Kenny Havard (born March 1971) is a businessman from St. Francisville Louisiana who is a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 62 which encompasses most of East and West Feliciana parishes and the northwest corner of East Baton Rouge Parish including the city of Zachary.Havard was elected to the position in general election held on November 19 2011.
 Retreat is a historic home located at Port Tobacco Charles County Maryland United States. It is a one story clapboard-sheathed frame house with a double chimney. The principal part of the house was built about 1770. Also located on the property is a frame pyramid-roofed meathouse dating from the early 19th century and moved here from another historic property in the county known as Brentland in 1953.
 The Quad at Whittier is a shopping mall in Whittier California.It was built in 1953 an expanded in 1965 with the addition of a May Company California department store. Hinshaw's and F. C. Nash were other major tenants.After the center was destroyed by an earthquake in 1987 its owners began renovating it as a strip mall.
 Aguas Calientes Volcano or Cerro Aguas Calientes also called Simbad is a cone-shaped stratovolcano located 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of the Lascar volcano and directly north of Laguna Lejía in Chile's II Region (Antofagasta). Also in the area are the volcanoes Acamarachi and Chiliques.A small crater lake is found within the Aguas Calientes summit crater making it one of the highest lakes in the world. The crater lake is tinged red due to the presence of large populations of microorganisms.
 Jowhari (Persian: جوهري‎ also Romanized as Jowharī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pennterra is a Georgian farmhouse near Thurmont Maryland. The house is notable for its locally-quarried stonework and its unusually fine proportions. The house was built at about the same time as nearby Strawberry Hill which was built in 1783.
 The First Free Will Baptist Church and Vestry (also known Miss Perkins' High School and Holderness Academy) are an historic Free Will Baptist Church complex at 13-15 North Main Street in Ashland New Hampshire. The complex consists of three buildings: the brick church building which was built in 1834; the old vestry a brick building standing near the street which was built c.
 Crossing (also known as Keurosing) is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Kim Tae-gyun. It has been selected as South Korea's submission to the 81st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film. The film follows the journey of a North Korean man as he illegally leaves the country to find medicine for his sick wife portraying the many hardships of the average North Korean citizen.
 Pobiel [ˈpɔbjɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) north-east of Wąsosz 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Góra and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Bloodlines is the second book in the Legacy of the Force series. The book is written by Karen Traviss and was released August 29 2006. The book takes place in the fictional Star Wars Expanded Universe about 35 years after Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi. It was followed by Tempest.
 Leonardo Horácio d'Almada e Castro Jr. CBE QC JP (Hong Kong 28 May 1904 – 1996) was a barrister and prominent leader of the Portuguese community in Hong Kong.He was born in Hong Kong in the d'Alamda family which had existed since the British rule of Hong Kong in 1842. He was educated as St. Joseph's College and the University of Hong Kong. He later claimed he failed in completing his studies because of his laziness.
 The name Western Alps refers to the western part of the Alpine range. The term has different meanings according to the classification of the Alps in use. The peaks and mountain passes are higher compared to the Eastern Alps while the range itself is not so broad and more arched.
 Comitas stolida is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Poncan Theatre is a historic theater in Ponca City Oklahoma. It is individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is a contributing property of the Downtown Ponca City Historic District.
 Split E.P. is an EP shared by British alternative rock band Hundred Reasons and the now defunct Garrison. Released on 27 August 2001 this EP contained two tracks from each band. One of Garrison's tracks Ego is originally by The God Machine.
 Izalco is a stratovolcano on the side of the Santa Ana Volcano which is located in western El Salvador. It is situated on the southern flank of the Santa Ana volcano. Izalco erupted almost continuously from 1770 (when it formed) to 1958 earning it the nickname of Lighthouse of the Pacific and experienced a flank eruption in 1966. During an eruption in 1926 the village of Matazano was buried and 56 people were killed.
 The Amazing Grace is a 2006 Nigerian-British historical drama film written by Jeta Amata & Nick Moran directed by Jeta Amata and produced by Jeta Amata & Alicia Arce. The film features a variety of Nigerian and British actresses and actors some of which include Joke Silva Nick Moran Scott Cleverdon Mbong Odungide Fred Amata and Zack Amata. The film received 11 nominations and won the award for Best Cinematography at the African Movie Academy Awards in 2007.
 Kalookan Cathedral known canonically as San Roque Cathedral is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kalookan located near the intersection of 10th Avenue and A. Mabini Street in Caloocan City-South Metro Manila Philippines. Its present Parish Priest and Rector is Rev. Fr. Rafael Gaudioso A. Sustento.
 Vladimir Alexandrovich Torlopov (Russian: Влади́мир Алексан́дрович Торлопов; Komi: Торлопов Ӧльӧксан Володь Torplopov Öl'öksan Volod' ; born 1949) is a Russian politician who was the president of the Komi Republic a federal subject of Russia.
 The Red River is a stream approximately 1 mile (2 km) long which is located in Lincoln County in the northwestern US state of Oregon. It rises south of downtown Waldport and flows through the city to meet the Alsea River near the larger river's mouth on the Pacific Ocean.
 Collier Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation generally above 8000 feet (2400 m). Collier Glacier is on the west slopes of North Sister an extinct shield volcano. Since its last maximum extent during the Little Ice Age (1350–1850 A.D.) the glacier has retreated over a mile.
 Rookie of the Year is a 1993 American sports comedy film starring Thomas Ian Nicholas and Gary Busey as players for the Chicago Cubs baseball team.The cast also includes Albert Hall Dan Hedaya Eddie Bracken Amy Morton Bruce Altman John Gegenhuber Neil Flynn Daniel Stern (who also directed) and an uncredited John Candy.
 The Scepter of the Ancients is the second album by Psycroptic. It was released in 2003 by Unique Leader.
 Crazy Love is the fifth studio album from Christian rock band Hawk Nelson. It was released on February 8 2011. It is the last album with lead vocalist Jason Dunn who left the band in 2012 to pursue a solo career. The album netted a nomination for Best Contemporary Christian/Gospel Album at theJuno Awards of 2012.
 Raam (Telugu: రామ్) is a 2006 Indian Telugu film written and directed by N.Shankar starring Nitin in the lead role Genelia D'Souza and Hrishitaa Bhatt in supporting roles and Krishnam Raju in a very vital role. The film produced by Nitin's father Sudhakar Reddy has music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja and was released on 30 March 2006 to good responses.This film was dubbed into Hindi as Jeene Do
 The creek chubsucker (Erimyzon oblongus) is a freshwater fish of the sucker family (Catostomidae).The creek chubsucker is one of three species in the genus Erimyzon from the Catostomidae family present in eastern North America and is found primarily in one of two disjunct populations; either in the eastern Coastal Plain streams or in the mid-western streams east of the Central Plains. The creek chubsucker is typically found in vegetated rocky riffle areas runs and pools of clear freshwater.
 For the river in Brazil see São Francisco River. For the river in Argentina see San Francisco River (Argentina). In Ecuador the Río San Francisco is a tributary of the Zamora River in Zamora-Chinchipe province.The San Francisco River is a 159-mile-long (256 km) river in the southwest United States the largest tributary of the Upper Gila River. The river originates in Arizona and flows into New Mexico before it curves around and enters the Gila down stream from Clifton Arizona.
 Lophomyra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Leptotyphlops hamulirostris is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
 Harry + Max (alternate title Harry and Max) is a 2004 American drama film directed by Christopher Münch. It stars Bryce Johnson and Cole Williams.
 Yellow Banana (Chinese: 黄色香蕉; pinyin: huángsè xiāngjiāo) is the first studio album from Hang on the Box.
 Silver Lake Institute Historic District is a national historic district located at Silver Lake in Wyoming County New York. The district consists of 13 acres (5.3 ha) and is historically significant because of its association with the Silver Lake Institute a Methodist affiliated camp facility established in 1873.
 Tales of Terror was the first and only full-length self-titled album released by the Californian hardcore punk band Tales of Terror in September 1 1984 on the label CD Presents.
 The Astronauts Are Sleeping is a double album (actually released in two separate volumes) by Her Space Holiday released in 1999. It was re-released in 2002 as The Astronauts Are Sleeping 2.0.
 Manoba argentalis is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Moore in 1867. It is found in India (Sikkim).The larvae have been recorded feeding on Castanopsis indica.
 Hi Izuru Tokoro no Tenshi (日出処の天子 Emperor of the Land of the Rising Sun) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Ryoko Yamagishi. It tells a fictionalised account of Prince Shōtoku a political figure of sixth-century Japan who spread Buddhism and his unrequited love for Soga no Emishi which is very unlike the traditionally known stories of these people. It was serialized in Hakusensha's LaLa from 1980 to 1984.
 Lac du Barbat is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France.
 Oscar Malapitan (born June 14 1955) is a Filipino politician. He is the incumbent mayor of the City of Caloocan City since June 30 2013. Beginning in 2004 he has been elected to two terms in the House of Representatives of the Philippines as the Representative from the First District of Caloocan City. He is currently a member of the United Nationalist Alliance.
 The Woodbourne Historic District is a historic residential subdivision located in the Forest Hills section of Jamaica Plain a neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts.It consists of a 30-acre (12 ha) parcel of land southwest of Forest Hills Cemetery roughly bounded by Walk Hill Street Goodway Road and Wachusett Street. This area was developed into house lots between 1890 and 1933 by financier Robert Winsor in an effort to create a sort of utopian community for middle-class families.
 The Hôtel de Villeneuve d'Ansouis is a listed hôtel particulier in Aix-en-Provence.
 Qasab-e Amir (Persian: قصاب امير‎ also Romanized as Qaşāb-e Amīr) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 214 in 57 families.
 Captain Confederacy is an alternate history comic book by Will Shetterly and Vince Stone that was published between 1986 and 1992. It tells the story of a superhero created for propaganda purposes in a world in which the Confederate States of America won their independence.
 Resilience is an album released in 2008 by Annabelle Chvostek. The album was recorded with producers Roma Baran (Laurie Anderson Kate and Anna McGarrigle) and Vivian Stoll (Unknown Gender Isis). It includes a co-write with Canadian legend Bruce Cockburn.Canadian sessions were funded by a grant from the Canada Council for the Arts and include guest appearances by Bruce Cockburn Michael Jerome Brown Debashis Sinha Becky Foon (A Silver Mt.
 Cellofan – med døden til følge (English: Cellophan) is a 1998 Norwegian crime film directed by Eva Isaksen starring Andrine Sæther and Sverre Anker Ousdal. The young journalist Marianne Hovden (Sæther) is instructed by her father on his deathbed to burn a box of letters hidden in his attic. Defying his wish she reads the letters where he is accused of the murder of a young woman 25 years ago.
 Spirotropis genilda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The John T. and Henry T. Reynolds Jr. House at 101 E. 200 South in Springville Utah was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It was designed by architect Lewis J. Whitney and was built with brickwork by Ed Child for John T. Reynolds. The house was sold in 1919 to Henry T. Harry Reynolds Jr. whose family stayed in the house until 1983.
 Dysfunctional is the fifth studio album by heavy metal band Dokken released in 1995. It was the band's first release after reuniting in 1993. Although the album entered the chart respectably at #47 at a time when 1980s hard rock and heavy metal had largely declined sales quickly dropped off and were not enough to reach gold RIAA certification. According to Don Dokken the album sold around 400000 copies.The song Too High to Fly was released as a single from the album and was a minor hit.
 Dam Tang (Persian: دم تنگ‎; also known as Dam Tang Kūrā‘ī-ye Shāh Manşūrī) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 16 families.
 Uma Aventura na Casa Assombrada is a 2009 Portuguese film directed by Carlos Coelho da Silva.
 Beyond the Stars is a 1989 drama film written and directed by David Saperstein and starred Martin Sheen Christian Slater Sharon Stone Olivia d'Abo and F. Murray Abraham.This science fiction drama centers on Eric teenage son of a computer scientist who worked for the Apollo program which sent the first humans to the moon. Eric determined to become an astronaut himself one day befriends Paul Andrews the thirteenth man on the moon.
 The Persistence of Memory is a short story by Gael Baudino concerning Barbara a pregnant housewife who begins seeing things she had not noticed before when she starts doing special memory exercises developed by her husband Frank and the effects it has on her personal and family life.In 1989 this story was adapted into a graphic novel for the book The Bank Street Book of Fantasy.The title is taken from the painting by Salvador Dalí.
 Main Intequam Loonga is a 1982 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra Reena Roy Amrish Puri and Nirupa Roy. Dharmendra plays the role of a boxer in the film. Footage from this film was used in the 2007 film Apne also starring Dharmendra as a retired boxer.
 The Fubonn Shopping Center is an enclosed shopping mall in Portland Oregon. The mall claims to be the largest Asian mall in Oregon and lists 29 stores as tenants in November 2011. The mall is located at SE 82nd Avenue and SE Woodward Street. It is anchored by the Fubonn Supermarket a large Asian grocery and housewares store. The Oregonian calls it the eastside's answer to Uwajimaya.The mall was opened in 2006 by owner President and CEO Michael Liu.
 Golgun (Persian: گلگون‎ also Romanized as Golgūn) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Bazeran (Persian: بازران‎ also Romanized as Bāzerān) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District Pish Khowr District Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 33 families.
 Gmyrdek is a river of Poland a tributary of the Ruptawka River.
 Amolita irrorata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in South America including Paraguay and Brazil. Its wingspan is 26-32 mm.
 Covergirl is the first album of the German trance group Groove Coverage released in 2002. It features the 2 singles Moonlight Shadow and God is a Girl in both radio edit and ballad form. The Radio Edit of God is a Girl is a hidden track at the end of the album. The album features a few ballads and dance tracks.
 The Brains is the debut album by The Brains. It was released in 1980 and contains the original recording of Money Changes Everything which when released three years later became a substantial hit single for pop singer Cyndi Lauper.
 Gyrodactylus gondae is an ectoparasite. It was found in Pomatoschistus minutus and Pomatoschistus lozanoi in European coastal waters.
 Trichosea champa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Himalayas North-east India China Taiwan Japan and Russia.The wingspan is about 50 mm.The larvae feed on Pyrus communis.
 West Manchester Mall is a single-level enclosed regional shopping mall in West Manchester Township York County Pennsylvania west of the city of York. Opened in 1981 the mall includes Kohl's Macy's Regal Entertainment Group-operated movie theater and Walmart.
 The Ñuble River or Rio Ñuble is a river of the province of Ñuble located in southern Chile in the Bío Bío Region. Its main tributaries are Chillán and Claro River. The Ñuble River discharges into the Itata River.
 Kiritsinh Rana is a Member of Legislative assembly from Limbdi constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
 Mertensophryne usambarae is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Tanzania.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Guts (Spanish: Agallas) is a 2009 Spanish crime drama film starring Hugo Silva and Carmelo Gómez.
 Kayhan (Persian: کيهان‎ English: universe) is an influential newspaper in Iran. Directly under the supervision of the Office of the Supreme Leader it is considered the most conservative Iranian newspaper.Hossein Shariatmadari is the editor-in-chief of Kayhan. His official position is representative of the Supreme Leader.Its 2007 circulation was about 70000 with about 1000 employees worldwide.
 Da Cameo King is the first mixtape in the Cameo King Mixtape series from the rapper Termanology.
 Schlumper is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Dunama indereci is a moth in the Notodontidae family. It is found in Costa Rica where it is known from the Villa Blanca in San Ramon Alajuela province at an elevation of 1115 meters in a montane pass between Costa Rica’s Cordillera de Tilaran and the Volcanica Central.
 All Saints' Church Daresbury is in the village of Daresbury Cheshire England. It is known for its association with Lewis Carroll who is commemorated in its stained glass windows depicting characters from Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. The church is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Great Budworth.
 Reza is an album released by Terry Gibbs in August 1966 on Dot DLP 3726 (mono) and DLP 25726 (stereo). It was arranged and produced by Shorty Rodgers.The album was aimed at the pop and jazz markets. Billboard reviewed the album as swingin but not way out.
 Rykene is a village in the municipality of Arendal (with a small portion overlapping into the neighboring municipality of Grimstad) in Aust-Agder Norway. Its total population (2009) is 652 with 14 of those people living in Grimstad. Rykene is located along the Nidelva river about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the city of Grimstad and the same distance south of the city of Arendal.The local sports team is Rygene IL.
 The White-crowned Sparrow (Zonotrichia leucophrys) is a medium-sized sparrow native to North America.
 The Prehistoric Rock-Art Sites of the Côa Valley are open-air Paleolithic archaeological sites located in a region of northeastern Portugal along the Portuguese-Spanish border.In the late 1980s the engravings were discovered in Vila Nova de Foz Côa. The site is situated in the valley of the Côa River and comprises thousands of engraved drawings of horses bovines and other animal human and abstract figures dated from 22000 to 10000 years BCE.
 Electroploitation is an EP by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. Remixes are included on Music for Bondage Performance 2.
 File:Aleknagik lake.jpgAleknagik Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is 32 km (20 mi) long by 26 km (16 mi) wide. The village of Aleknagik is on its southeast shore.Aleknagik is a Yupik word meaning wrong way home. Yupiks returning to their homes along the Nushagak River would sometimes become lost in the fog and be swept up the Wood River to Aleknagik Lake by the tide.
 James H. Suttle (born c. 1944 or 1945) was the 50th mayor of Omaha Nebraska serving from 2009 to 2013.
 Prince of Ayodhya (2003) is the first installment of an eight-part series of books written by Ashok K. Banker which chronicles the events of the Ramayana in a modern retelling of the Indian epic. The series revolves around the stories of Rama Lakshman and Sita and their struggles against the demon-king Ravana highlighting the intense love of Rama and Sita and the young prince's adherence to Dharma.
 Kustrzyce [kusˈtʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sędziejowice 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Łask and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 250.
 Kringler is a village in Akershus Norway.
 St. Paul's Cathedral is an Episcopal church located in the Bankers Hill district of the city of San Diego California. It is the formal seat of the bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of San Diego. It traces its origins to the first Protestant church in San Diego founded in Old Town in 1853 although the building itself was only completed in 1951.
 Shah Tut (Persian: شاه توت‎ also Romanized as Shāh Tūt) is a village in Bagh-e Keshmir Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 532 in 112 families.
 Yale Law School professor Amy Chua published her second book Day of Empire: How Hyperpowers Rise to Global Dominance - and Why They Fall in 2007.
 Split is a split album by the Huntingtons and Darlington (singer) released in 2000 on Melted Records. A vinyl version was also released and pressed on Stardumb Records.
 Best of The Doobie Brothers Live is a live album released by The Doobie Brothers. It was the companion album to Rockin' down the Highway: The Wildlife Concert only as a limited set. It was released in 1999.
 Curious Faces Violet Future is the first EP by American indie rock band Twin Tigers.
 Kannada Prabha is a morning daily jointly owned by Jupiter Capital and The New Indian Express Group is a major Kannada newspaper in Karnataka. The tag line on its masthead is The Most Powerful Kannada Newspaper. It was founded by Ramnath Goenka.
 Paul Henry O'Neill (born December 4 1935) served as the 72nd United States Secretary of the Treasury for part of President George W. Bush's first term. He was fired in December 2002 for his public disagreement with the administration. Prior to his term as Secretary of the Treasury O'Neill was chairman and CEO of Pittsburgh-based industrial giant Alcoa and chairman of the RAND Corporation.
 Black Pearl is the second album by female emcee Yo-Yo. It was released on June 23 1992 on East West America/Atlantic Records and was produced by Down Low Productions Sir Jinx DJ Pooh and DJ Muggs. The album peaked at number 145 on the Billboard 200 and number 32 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 The Pinch Singer is a 1936 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Fred C. Newmeyer. It was the 142nd Our Gang short that was released although it was produced before the short which followed it on the release schedule Divot Diggers.
 Gayle L. Goldin is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island Senate representing District 3 since January 2013.
 Canciones Del Solar De Los Aburridos is an album by Rubén Blades and Willie Colón released by Fania Records in 1981.
 Goleba is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Antaheen Jatra (Assamese: অন্তহীন যাত্ৰা) is an Assamese language film directed by Munna Ahmed. The film is based on a widely read story by Jnanpith Award winner Mamoni Raisom Goswami. The film was screened at the Calcutta International Film Festival along with films from France Czechoslovakia China Portugal Vietnam Canada Norway Italy and Bangladesh.
 maNga is the self-titled album of Turkish rock band maNga released in December 2004 by Sony Music/GRGDN. It was reissued in 2006 with two additional tracks and a bonus DVD.
 Bachalpsee or Bachse is a lake with an area of 8.06 ha (19.9 acres) close to the First (which can be reached with a cable car) above Grindelwald in the Bernese Oberland Switzerland. The lake located at an elevation of 2265 m (7431 ft) is split by a natural dam the smaller part of the lake being 6 m (20 ft) lower.The lake is featured in Gmail as part of its mountain theme background (as of 2013). Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Powelton also known as the Powelton Apartments is a historic apartment complex located in the Powelton Village neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in two phases; in 1902 and 1910. The first section was designed by noted architect Willis G. Hale (1848-1907) as a set of ten houses massed as six units. It was converted to apartments by Milligan & Webber in 1910.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Evangeline is a 1919 silent film produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation and directed by Raoul Walsh. The star of the film was Walsh's wife at the time Miriam Cooper in the oft filmed story based on a poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. Filmed previously in 1908 1911 and 1914. Currently the film is considered to be a lost film.
 The Winner in Me is the 2nd solo contemporary Gospel album (fourth overall) by former SWV member Coko.
 The B-Sides/The Conversation is an EP by the band The Afghan Whigs containing 4 cover versions and a two-part interview with Greg Dulli.
 Satsuki Eda (江田 五月 Eda Satsuki born May 22 1941 in Okayama City) is the first Opposition member to serve as the President of the House of Councillors in Japan. Eda had served for three terms in the House of Councillors before his election as President on August 7 2007 after the success of the Democratic Party in the July 2007 election for the Japanese House of Councillors. He had earlier served four terms in the House of Representatives of Japan.
 Adio Heimona (Greek: Αντίο Χειμώνα; English: Goodbye winter) is the 19th studio album by Greek singer-songwriter and record producer Nikos Karvelas released by Legend Recordings in February 2009.
 Asura luzonica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on the Philippines (Luzon).
 Penetrate the Satanic Citizen is a 1992 Leæther Strip album which together with Fit for Flogging bundles most of Leæther Strip's releases prior to Solitary Confinement.
 Shabab Yemeni is an independent non-partisan youth newsletter that was established in May 2004 as a response to the needs of Yemeni students living abroad.
 Sir Michael Hardie Boys GNZM GCMG QSO KStJ (born 6 October 1931) is a New Zealand jurist and was the country's 17th Governor-General from 1996 to 2001.
 Edakkalathur is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Noor-A-Madina Mosque and Multi Cultrual Centre is a Sunni Islam mosque in Blackpool Lancashire England.
 Jonah: A VeggieTales Movie is a 2002 American computer-animated comedy adventure film based on VeggieTales produced by Big Idea Productions and FHE Pictures. It is the first feature-length film in the VeggieTales series.The themes of the film are compassion and mercy. The film weaves two stories together to illustrate these themes. The first takes place in the current day and concerns a mishap that occurs on the way to a concert.
 St. John's Church Mansfield is a parish church in the Church of England located in Mansfield Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 The puffbirds and their relatives in the near passerine family Bucconidae are tropical birds breeding from South America up to Mexico.They are related to the jacamars but lack the iridescent colours of that family. They are mainly brown rufous or grey with large heads and flattened bills with a hooked tip. The loose abundant plumage and short tails makes them look stout and puffy giving rise to the English name of the family.
 Nathan Phillips KC (November 7 1892 – January 7 1976) was a Canadian politician and popular Mayor of Toronto Ontario.
 The Convict cichlid (Amatitlania nigrofasciata) is a fish species from the family Cichlidae native to Central America also known as the zebra cichlid. Convict cichlids are popular aquarium fish and have also been the subject of numerous studies on fish behaviour.
 St. Anthony of Padua Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Fairfield Connecticut United States. Founded in 1927. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Bridgeport. The architect of the 1970 church was Anthony J. DePace of New York.
 Evarcha arcuata is a species of jumping spider.
 The Haunted Fort is Volume 44 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by David Grambs in 1965.
 The West Midlands Police Museum is located in a wing of Sparkhill police station Birmingham England which was formerly a courtroom.One of two museums operated by the West Midlands Police it is only open by appointment or on occasional open days.
 Longitarsus aramaicus is a species of beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae that can be found on Cyprus and in Asian countries such as Israel Jordan Turkey and Ramallah Palestine.
 Pivot (2000) is an album by the American experimental pop music group Amoeba. The style of this album is similar to that of Amoeba’s previous album Watchful (1997) except with a somewhat more active and direct approach. The lyrics are also more literal and emotional than those of Watchful.
 Raquette Lake is the source of the Raquette River in the Adirondack Mountains of New York State USA. It is near the community of Raquette Lake New York. The lake has 99 miles (160 km) of shoreline with pines and mountains bordering the lake. It is located in the towns of Long Lake and Arietta both in Hamilton County.The origin of the name is uncertain. One account is that it was named for snowshoes (raquette in French) left by a party of Tories led by Sir John Johnson in 1776.
 Abu Mohamed Abu Chiaba (born 1947 in BarawaSomalia) is a Kenyan politician . He was first elected to the National Assembly of Kenya at the 1992 elections by winning the Lamu East Constituency seat on KANU ticket. He reclaimed the seat at the 2002 elections still representing KANU. At the Kenyan parliamentary election 2007 he retained the seat but now on Party of National Unity ticket.
 Ephraim Henry Coombe (26 August 1858 – 5 April 1917) was a newspaper editor politician and noted citizen of Gawler South Australia.
 Ab Riz-e Haft Cheshmeh-ye Mahtab (Persian: اب ريزهفت چشمه مهتاب‎ also Romanized as Āb Rīz-e Haft Cheshmeh-ye Mahtāb; also known as Āb Rīz) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Charusa District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Loyalties is a 1933 British drama film directed by Basil Dean and starring Basil Rathbone Heather Thatcher and Miles Mander. It is based on the John Galsworthy play Loyalties. The film addresses the theme of anti-Semitism.
 Caryocolum albifaciella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in the Alps (France Germany Austria and Switzerland) and the Massif Central.The length of the forewings is 6.5-7.5 mm for males and 6.4–7 mm for females. Adults have been recorded on wing from the end of June to the beginning of September.The larvae feed on Silene vulgaris and Cucubalus baccifer. They spin together the leaves of their host plant. They also bore the flower buds.
 The Exuma Island iguana (Cyclura cychlura figginsi) is a critically endangered subspecies of northern Bahamian rock iguana that is found on the Exuma island chain in the Bahamas with a wild population of 1300 animals it is listed on the IUCN Red List.
 Aegle semicana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Esper in 1798. It is found in Austria Italy Hungary former Yugoslavia Romania Bulgaria Albania Greece Turkey Russia Libya Egypt Syria Iraq Iran and Israel as well as on Sardinia Sicily Malta and Cyprus.The wingspan is 24–26 mm. Adults are on wing from May to September.The larvae feed on Delphinium species.
 First Methodist Church is a historic church at 301 E. Courthouse in Cuero Texas.It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Saint Paul Public Library is a library system serving the residents of Saint Paul Minnesota in the United States. The library system includes a Central Library twelve branch locations and a bookmobile. It is a member of the Metropolitan Library Service Agency a consortium of eight Twin Cities library systems.
 Let the Good Times Roll is a 1973 rockumentary / concert film directed by Robert Abel and Sidney Levin. It features numerous stars from the American pop and rock music scene of the 1950s.
 Ruja is the self-titled debut EP by Estonian rock band Ruja.
 The funerary complex of Sultan al-Ashraf Qaytbay is an architectural complex built by Sultan al-Ashraf Qaytbay in Cairo's Northern Cemetery completed in 1474. It is often considered one of the most beautiful and accomplished monuments of late Egyptian Mamluk architecture and is pictured on the Egyptian one pound note.
 The Năjila River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
 Now Bahar (Persian: نوبهار‎ also Romanized as Now Bahār) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 21 families.
 Rüsler Pass (el. 649 m.) is a mountain pass in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.It connects Oberrohrdorf and Neuenhof. The pass road is a continuation of the Heitersberg Pass road.The pass separates the valley of the Reuss from the valley of the Limmat. The road is closed to motorized vehicles.There is a restaurant at the summit and it is the trail head for many trails and bike routes.
 Acraea leucographa Ribbe’s Glassy Acraea is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the southern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Kenya western Tanzania and north-western Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Rinorea species.
 Six Six Six Nights in Hell is the third album by Danish industrial band Psychopomps. The track Wonderful World was featured on the soundtrack to the movie Saw.
 The Roper River Scrub Robin (Drymodes superciliaris colcloughi) also known as the Allied Scrub Robin is a putative subspecies of the Northern Scrub Robin a bird in the Petroicidae or Australasian robin family. Whether it ever existed is doubtful; if it did it is almost certainly extinct.
 Alive Alive-O is a double album by the Irish Folk Group The Dubliners which was recorded live throughout several Evenings in December 1996 in Germany at the end of their European tour.After the departure of Ronnie Drew The Dubliners were joined by the famous Irish singer Paddy Reilly who lends his voice to several ballads on the album.John Sheahan's daughter Ceoladh guests with her father duetting on fiddle with him on his composition Among Friends.The album is notable for some mixed German-English song introductions by Sean Cannon causing widespread laughter among the audience.
 The Triporthidae are a family of characiform fishes. This family was raised from the status of a subfamily to family based on extensive analysis of characiform species.
 The Hyde Park Firehouse is located along US 9 in downtown Hyde Park New York USA. It was built in 1905 as headquarters for the Eagle Engine and Rescue fire company which later became part of the Hyde Park Fire Department and moved to newer quarters a block further up Route 9. Architects John O'Donnell and William Beardsley designed it in a Renaissance Revival style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Wall of Hits was a compilation album by the British glam/hardrock group Slade. It was released 11 November 1991 and reached number 34 in the UK charts. It also included the last two singles recorded by the original line-up. The first of these Radio Wall of Sound was a hit reaching No. 21 in the UK while the second Universe failed to chart.Noddy Holder became weary of constant touring (and effectively managing the band) and left the band in 1992 after 25 years.
 Locked Rooms is the eighth book in the Mary Russell series by Laurie R. King. It was published in 2005. Unlike King's previous Mary Russell novels Locked Rooms is split into 5 separate books. The books alternate between the familiar Mary Russell first-person narrative and a third-person narrator following Sherlock Holmes.
 El Siglo (The Century) is a Spanish language daily newspaper published in Panama.
 Sibualbuali is a stratovolcano in the northern Sumatra Indonesia. It has two solfatara fields on the eastern flank. There is a rhyolitic-dacitic lava dome erupted from the Toru-Asik fault.
 The Agăș River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania. The Agăș River is the source of the water supply system of the village of Agăş.
 Coleophora atriplicis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Fennoscandia and northern Russia to France Poland and Romania and from Ireland to Ukraine.The wingspan is 12–14 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August in western Europe.The larvae feed on Atriplex littoralis Halimione portulacoides Salicornia and Suaeda species. They create a greyish-brown trivalved tubular silken case of 6.5–7 mm. The mouth angle is about 20°.
 The Vaca Mică River is a tributary of the Siriu River in Romania.
 Kuzfındık is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 89 people.
 James Paul Hendren usually known as Jim Hendren (born April 12 1963) is a Republican member of the Arkansas State Senate from District 2. He resides in Sulphur Springs in Benton County in northwestern Arkansas.
 Hiyadala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The Nilgiri Himal is a range of three peaks in the Annapurna massif in Nepal. It is composed of Nilgiri North (7061 m) Nilgiri Central (6940 m) and Nilgiri South (6839 m).Nilgiri North was first ascended in October 1962 by The Netherlands Himalayan Expedition the team leader was a famous French climber Lionel Terray.The first ascents on Nilgiri South and Nilgiri Central were made by Japan climbers in 1978 and 1979 respectively.
 Myeongjisan is a mountain in Gapyeong County Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1267 m (4157 ft).
 Nuff Creek is a 2.0-mile-long (3.2 km) stream in San Mateo County California which is a tributary of Pilarcitos Creek. It has an elevation of 197 feet and is most frequently used as a kayaking location. The closest major town is Princeton by the Sea California.
 †Anozygidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Caenogastropoda.
 Tomás Brizuela (c. 1800 - 20 June 1841 ) was a soldier and caudillo in Argentina. He was a lieutenant of Facundo Quiroga in his home province of La Rioja governor of La Rioja between 1836 and 1841 and died fighting against the dictatorship of Juan Manuel de Rosas.
 Bashkimi is a newspaper published in Albania. Its name is derived from the Albanian word for unity.
 Çaltıbükü is a village in Anamur district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the valley of Dragon creek. The distance to Anamur is 16 kilometres (9.9 mi). The population of Çaltıbükü is 163 as of 2011. It is planned that a part of the village (along with Akine Sarıağaç and Ormancık) will be submerged in Alaköprü Dam reservoir.
 Dichotomy A is the first album in a two-part series of albums released in 2004 by the Hip hop group GRITS. The second album is Dichotomy B. The song Hittin' Curves won the group's second Dove Award for Rap/Hip Hop Recorded Song awarded in 2005.
 The Cabajchum River is a river of Guatemala.
 Randan (Persian: رندان‎ also Romanized as Randān) is a village in Madvarat Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Parallel is a compilation by IDM artists Ken Downie Ed Handley and Andy Turner aka The Black Dog which was released in 1995 on double vinyl and CD. The album compiles three EPs released on the GPR label in 1991 and 1992.
 Jantra is a village in Orava Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Gyros is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Lost Horizons is the second album release (and the first studio proper since the previous album Lemonjelly.ky was a compilation of their debut EPs) from Lemon Jelly released in October 2002. The album produced two charting singles in the UK Space Walk and Nice Weather for Ducks. It was nominated for the Mercury Music Prize in 2003. The album has more organic instrumentation than its predecessor hence the addition of session musicians.Like Lemonjelly.
 Numerous people wrote and composed music for the Sailor Moon metaseries with frequent lyrical contributions by creator Naoko Takeuchi. Takanori Arisawa who earned the Golden Disk Grand Prize from Columbia Records for his work on the first series soundtrack in 1993 composed and arranged the background musical scores including the spinoffs games and movies.
 Creature in the Teacher is the 13th book in the Spooksville series. In the UK it is named Alien Invasion!
 Iolaus poecilaon the Intense Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Phragmanthera rufescens Phragmanthera usuiensis usuiensis Phragmanthera polycrypta and Phragmanthera brieyi. The head of the larvae closely resemble new buds of their host plant.
 This article is about the 1927 film. For other films of the same name see below.Hotel Imperial is a 1927 American silent film directed by Mauritz Stiller set in World War I and starring Pola Negri as a hotel chambermaid. It is based on the 1917 Hungarian play of the same name by Lajos Bíró.
 The Tricolor River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Open Road is a 2009 comedy-drama film written and directed by Michael Meredith. It stars Justin Timberlake Kate Mara Jeff Bridges and Mary Steenburgen and was produced by Anchor Bay Entertainment. Country singer Lyle Lovett and Harry Dean Stanton are also among the cast. Filming began in Hammond Louisiana in February 2008 and continued in Memphis Tennessee at Whataburger Field in Corpus Christi Texas HoustonTexas and elsewhere in the southern United States.
 Wells Japanese Garden is a small Japanese garden located on Lindsay Street in Newberry South Carolina. It is open daily.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The garden was created by W. Fulmer Wells in 1930 donated to the city in 1971 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Join the Flumeride is a 1998 Swedish mockumentary. The plot revolves around two fictional bands Gula Tidningen and Pincette which are parodies of Swedish pop groups Gyllene Tider and Roxette respectively. The film features a cameo by Per Gessle the lead vocalist of Gyllene Tider and one half of the duo Roxette. The title is a takeoff on the lyrics Roxette's hit 1991 single Joyride.
 Kolonia Gałkowice [kɔˈlɔɲa ɡau̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Dwikozy 8 km (5 mi) north of Sandomierz and 79 km (49 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Hubble (also known as Hubble 3D IMAX: Hubble or IMAX: Hubble 3D) is a Canadian-American 2010 documentary film about the Hubble Space Telescope repair mission.This film is rated G by the MPAA.
 Albumraveh Shamkoli (Persian: البومروح شمكلي‎ also Romanized as Ālbūmraveḥ Shamḵolī; also known as Albamrāveh Al Bamrūḩ Shaljeh and Albomāveh) is a village in Karkheh Rural District Hamidiyeh District Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 288 in 44 families.
 Mordellistena latipalposa is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1955 by Ermisch.
 Azrieli Center (Hebrew: מֶרְכָּז עַזְרִיאֵלִי) is a complex of skyscrapers in Tel Aviv. At the base of the center lies a large shopping mall. The center was originally designed by Israeli-American architect Eli Attia and after he fell out with the developer of the center David Azrieli (after whom it is named) completion of the design was passed on to the Tel Aviv firm of Moore Yaski Sivan Architects.
 Under Your Skin is Saliva's seventh studio album and the final album to feature singer Josey Scott who left the band in 2012. It was released on March 22 2011. Prior to release the album had been titled both Take That Society and Skin Deep.
 Wackstower See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 65.2 m its surface area is 0.036 km².
 The Bătrâna Mică River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Rowshanai (Persian: روشنايي‎ also Romanized as Rowshanā'ī) is a village in Khenejin Rural District in the Central District of Komijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 69 families.
 Cistm Konfliqt... (system conflict) is the eleventh and last studio album by Japanese band The Mad Capsule Markets. It was released in 2004 in Japan and 2005 in the United Kingdom. The UK version included two bonus live tracks a video for W.O.R.L.D and an alternative cover. This lyrics showed an interest in politics for example the song Scary has the lines Tell me now why are we killing and dying; America Europe Asia Middle East; Religion History Greed.
 Clearwater Lake is a lake in Manitoba Canada. It is the main geographical feature of Manitoba's Clearwater Lake Provincial Park located northeast of The Pas in western Manitoba.
 Anwar Nuseibeh ( Arabic: انور نسيبة‎ ) Anwar Bey Nuseibeh (1913–1986) was from an aristocratic Arab family descended from Nusaybah the woman chieftan who defended the Prophet in the Battle of Uhud in 625. He was an Arab nationalist who believed in Parliamentary democracy and in maintaining Arab consensus on the grounds that Arab unity was more important than individual differences.
 The Super is a 1991 American comedy film starring Joe Pesci as a New York slum landlord sentenced to live in one of his own buildings until it is brought up to code. Screenwriter Nora Ephron co-scripted the story with Sam Simon. This is the last film in which Vincent Gardenia appeared.
 The Hardcore Diaries is the third autobiography of New York Times best-selling author and former WWE wrestler Mick Foley.
 Scabricola padangensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Rain Lover (1964-1989) was a champion Australian Thoroughbred racehorse. He was one of the very few horses to win the Melbourne Cup more than once. Rain Lover was sired by the good racehorse Latin Lover (GB) (a son of the unbeaten Ribot) his dam Rain Spot was by Valognes (GB).He was owned and bred by Clifford A. Reid who won the 1945 Melbourne Cup with Rainbird.
 Senator Mohammed D. Alkali (born 17 January 1950) was elected Senator for the Jigawa North West constituency of Jigawa State Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic running on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform. He served from 29 May 1999 until May 2003
 Ivailo Georgiev Kalfin (Bulgarian: Ивайло Георгиев Калфин born 30 May 1964) is a Bulgarian politician. A three-term deputy he was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Bulgaria and Deputy Prime Minister from 2005 to 2009. Kalfin is a member of European Parliament.
 A Talent for War is a science fiction and mystery novel by Jack McDevitt the story of a search by Alex Benedict the protagonist to discover the nature of a mysterious project Alex's uncle had been working on at the time of his death. This investigation leads deep into the history of a war between human civilization and a neighboring alien civilization and challenges the foundation mythos of the current human government.
 Banhadoa is a genus of moths belonging to Tortricidae family.
 Portiuncula Hospital is a public hospital located in Ballinasloe County Galway Ireland. It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides in-patient and out-patient orthopaedic services for the population of East Galway Roscommon the Midlands and the Mid-West. In 2008 the hospital served 39462 out-patients and 11387 in-patients with an average stay of 4.4 nights. In 2008 65.0% of all admissions were via the emergency department.
 Casa Loma (Spanish for Hill House) is a Gothic Revival style house and gardens in midtown Toronto Ontario Canada that is now a museum and landmark. It was originally a residence for financier Sir Henry Mill Pellatt. Casa Loma was constructed over a three-year period from 1911–1914. The architect of the mansion was E. J. Lennox who was responsible for the designs of several other city landmarks.
 Best is a 2000 British film portraying the football career of the Northern Irish soccer star George Best particularly his years spent at Manchester United. It was directed by Mary McGuckian.
 Asphalt Massaka is the debut album by German rapper Farid Bang. It released on July 4 2008 over German Dream Entertainment.
 Sir Walter Benjamin Campbell AC QC (4 March 1921 – 4 September 2004) was an Australian judge administrator and governor. He was a judge of the Supreme Court of Queensland Chancellor of the University of Queensland and Governor of Queensland.
 Salmon Inlet is an fjord branching east from Sechelt Inlet in the British Columbia Canada. Its companion Narrows Inlet another side-inlet of Sechelt Inlet lies roughly 25 miles (40 km) north. Misery and Sechelt Creeks flow freely into the inlet while the Clowhom River flows in from the artificial Clowhom Lake formed by a small hydroelectric power development.
 The Shelburne River is a 53 km long river in Nova Scotia Canada. It is a wilderness river and is a tributary of Mersey River. It starts in the Tobeatic Wilderness Area.The Shelburne River was designated a Canadian Heritage River in 1997.
 The Masters of Solitude is a 1978 science fiction novel written by Marvin Kaye and Parke Godwin. It initially appeared as a four-part serial in October 1977-May 1978 issues of the magazine Galileo and was first published in book form in hardcover by Doubleday) in July 1978. A Science Fiction Book Club edition followed from the same publisher in November of the same year. The first paperback edition was from Avon Books in July 1979. The first British edition was from Magnum also in 1979.
 Expecting Mary is a 2010 comedy-drama film starring Elliott Gould and Linda Gray. It was directed by Dan Gordon and produced by Kim Waltrip with executive producer Jim Casey. The film premiered at the Palm Springs International Film Festival 2010 on January 16 and was selected as the opening film at the California Independent Film Festival on April 22 2010.
 GLAMunition is the third album by the Norwegian modern musician Åge Sten Nilsen. It is his first album in nine years to feature all-new material and his first to spawn a physical single. The album was released under his birth name Åge Sten Nilsen but the album title GLAMunition features GLAM in it which is his stagename when he's playing with his glam metal band Wig Wam. On June 27 the album and Wolf & Butterfly was released in Japan through King Records.
 The Óbuda Synagogue is a synagogue built in Óbuda Hungary in 1820.
 John Calvin Stevens House is an historic house in the West End neighborhood of Portland Maine.
 Shirley Plantation is an estate located on the north bank of the James River in Charles City County Virginia. It is located on State Route 5 a scenic byway which runs between the independent cities of Richmond and Williamsburg. Shirley Plantation is the oldest active plantation in Virginia and is one of the oldest family-owned businesses in North America dating back to 1614 with operations starting in 1638.
 Groovin' with Jug is a live album (with three tracks recorded in the studio) by organist Richard Holmes and saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1961 and released on the Pacific Jazz label.
 Graduation Journey: I Came from Japan (卒業旅行　ニホンから来ました Sotsugyō Ryokō Nihon kara Kimashita) is a 1993 film directed by Shūsuke Kaneko. It was distributed by Toho. It stars Yūji Oda and Takeshi Kaga.
 Blood Letter Vietnamese: 'Thiên Mệnh Anh Hùng' is a 2012 Vietnamese martial arts action fantasy directed by Victor Vu produced by Phuong Nam Films and Saiga Films in association with BHD. One of the most expensive Vietnamese films ever made Blood Letter is considered the first film of its kind Kiem Hiep (Swordfighter Adventures) in Vietnam. It was released theatrically in Vietnam on January 20 2012 by Megastar Media.
 Ganda La is a high mountain pass located at around 4980 metres above sea level in Ladakh 23 km south-west of Leh in the Himalayas in India. It connects the Markha valley villages to Leh and is regularly used by local people. The summer pass is opened from June and the winter pass (half kilometre north-west of summer pass) is opened from late April.
 Baird's tapir (Tapirus bairdii) is a species of tapir native to Central America and northern South America. It is one of four Latin American species of tapir.
 Shimpewadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 The Old Mississippi State Capitol also known as Old Capitol Museum or Old State Capitol is a building that is a Mississippi State Historic Site and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1990.It is located at 100 N. State St on the east side of State Street at Capitol Street in Jackson. It is operated as a museum by the state of Mississippi. The building dates from 1837 and was the Mississippi statehouse until 1903. Among the features is a rotunda dome 94 feet high.
 Kartsakhi Lake (Georgian: კარწახის ტბა [karts'akhis tba] also Lake Khozapini Georgian: ხოზაფინის ტბა [khozap'inis tba]) is a lake of Samtskhe-Javakheti southern Georgia lying on the Turkish border. It is the second largest lake in the country covering an area of 26.3 or 26.6 square kilometres at an altitude of 1799 m. An important bird habitat it holds one of the largest populations of Eurasian Eagle-owl in the country with the Dalmatian Pelican and Great White Pelican.
 Tolna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Enterprise of Death is a historical fantasy novel by Jesse Bullington published in 2011. It recounts the journeys of Awa a lesbian Moor necromancer through an irreverently portrayed 16th-century Europe helped by friends who include historical figures such as the polymath Paracelsus and the artist-mercenary Niklaus Manuel.
 Lunkho e Dosare is a mountain in the Hindu Kush mountains. It has an elevation of 6901 metres (22641 ft) and sits on the international boundary between Afghanistan and Pakistan.
 Kalugerovo Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Simeonovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Club Me is the third EP released as an extra by American punk rock band The Offspring on January 1 1997. Originally it was only available to fan club members. Copies of it are sometimes sold from their online store and it was re-released in a pack with the band's Greatest Hits album.Club Me is from the Ixnay on the Hombre era. The picture on the actual CD is a larger version of one of the pictures on the back of Ixnay on the Hombre.
 Fort Harker located in Kanopolis Kansas was an active military installation of the United States Army from November 17 1866 to October 5 1872. The fortification was named after General Charles Garrison Harker who was killed in action at the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain in the American Civil War. Fort Harker replaced Fort Ellsworth which had been located 1.6 km (0.99 mi) from the location of Fort Harker and was abandoned after the new fortifications at Fort Harker were constructed.
 Stróża-Kolonia [ˈstruʐa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśnik within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kraśnik and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.In 2007 the village had a population of 944.
 Alternamorphs #1: The First Journey is the first book of the Alternamorphs series a spinoff of the Animorphs series. It involves a second-person narrative so as to allow the reader to actually take part in the story. It lies outside of the regular Animorphs continuity.
 Fukushiro Nukaga (額賀 福志郎 Nukaga Fukushirō born 11 January 1944) is a Japanese politician and a member of the Liberal Democratic Party. He has been a member of the House of Representatives since 1983 and represents Ibaraki's 2nd district. He was Minister of Finance from 2007 to 2008.Nukaga was born in Asō Ibaraki now part of Namegata Ibaraki.
 Dark Fire is the fifth book in The Last Dragon Chronicles by Chris d'Lacey. It was released on 2 July 2009 in the UK and was published on May 1 2010 for the US.
 Red River (天は赤い河のほとり Sora wa Akai Kawa no Hotori lit. The Sky Is on the Banks of the Red River) also known as Anatolia Story is a historical fantasy shōjo manga series by Chie Shinohara. It is published in Japan by Shogakukan in Sho-Comi and collected in 28 volumes. It is published in English in North America by VIZ Media with 25 volumes released as of April 2009 and the remaining 3 published thereafter.
 Geshur-e Zilayi (Persian: گشور زيلائي‎ also Romanized as Geshūr-e Zīlāyī) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 6 families.
 Daivanamathil is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by Jayaraj. Aryadan Shaukath is the producer. Playing the lead are upcoming stars Prithwiraj and Bhavana. The film is based on a Muslim story and throws light on the Babri Masjid demolition in December 1992 which had its repercussions on Kerala Muslims. Bhavana received a State Award for best character actress for this film.
 Shahrak-e Emam Sadeq (Persian: شهرك امام صادق‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Emām Şādeq) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 438 in 108 families.
 Coleophora agilis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found on the Iberian Peninsula.
 The Cariri climbing mouse Rhipidomys cariri is a partly arboreal rodent species from South America. It is known from two mesic localities in Ceara northeastern Brazil within the semiarid caatinga ecoregion. It has been found in areas under cultivation. Cariri is the name of an administrative microregion within the state of Ceará.
 Johan Lennart Geijer (born 14 September 1909 in Ystad died 16 June 1999 in Stockholm) was a Swedish politician and lawyer. He was the son of postmaster Åke Geijer and Anna Sylvan.He is mainly remembered for his role in the Geijer Scandal (Swedish: Geijeraffären).
 Limbudin is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2022 people living in 342 individual households.The limbu clan Edhingo is mainly residing here and they and there forefathers are originated here.
 Saved by the Light (Villard Books 1994 Harper Torch 1995 ISBN 0-06-100889-3) is a book by Dannion Brinkley describing his near-death experience (NDE). Brinkley was struck by lightning and was clinically dead for approximately twenty-eight minutes. Upon reviving he told a tale of a dark tunnel a crystal city and a cathedral of knowledge where thirteen angels shared with him over a hundred revelations about the future -- some of which have supposedly come true.
 Gasterosiphon is a very small genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
 End Time: Notes on the Apocalypse is a 1996 science fiction novel by G.A. Martiasz set in the year of 2007. It is published and distributed by AK Press.
 Bronowo [brɔˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Wizna 15 km (9 mi) east of Łomża and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Melvina is a village in Monroe County Wisconsin United States. The population was 87 at the 2010 census.
 Boom Dot Bust is a comedy album recorded by The Firesign Theatre and released in 1999 on Rhino Records.
 Niphargus sphagnicolus is a species of crustacean in family Niphargidae. It is endemic to Slovenia.
 Miháld is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 For the song of the same name written by Andy Prieboy see ...Upon My Wicked SonTomorrow Wendy: A Love Story is a teen novel by Shelley Stoehr published in 1998 and republished in 2003. Set on Long Island it deals with a teenage girl's experiences with drugs and sexuality.
 Angel Matos García is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). He was elected to the Puerto Rico House of Representatives in 2012 to represent District 40.
 Trestno [ˈtrɛstnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siechnice within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 110.
 Lake Walter E. Long is a power plant cooling reservoir on Decker Creek in Austin Texas USA. The reservoir was officially impounded in 1967 and serves to provide water for turbines used in the production of electricity from petroleum-based fuels. The dam and the lake are managed by the City of Austin. Surrounding Lake Walter E. Long is the city of Austin's Lake Walter E. Long Metropolitan Park a popular recreational destination.Lake Walter E. Long is also known as Decker Lake.
 Razmilu (Persian: رزميلو‎ also Romanized as Razmīlū) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 19 families.
 Why Bother At All is the second EP by Motor Music Records recording artist Koufax.
 Mr. Belvedere Goes to College is a 1949 American comedy film directed by Elliott Nugent. The screenplay written by Mary Loos Mary C. McCall Jr. and Richard Sale was based on characters created by Gwen Davenport. The film focuses on prickly genius Lynn Belvedere (Clifton Webb) who enrolls in a major university with the intention of obtaining a four year degree in only one year.
 The Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital is a hospital located in Herston in Brisbane Queensland Australia. The hospital has 929 beds and it is estimated that 65% of the patients served come from 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) of the hospital.
 Akash Kusum was a 1965 Bengali film directed by noted Indian art film director Mrinal Sen.
 The Hiroshima City Transportation Museum (広島市交通科学館 Hiroshima-shi Kōtsū Kagakukan) is a transport museum in Hiroshima Japan.
 The Coso Volcanic Field is located in Inyo County California at the western edge of the Basin and Range geologic province and northern region of the Mojave Desert. The Fossil Falls are part of the Coso Field created by the prehistoric Owens River. They are within the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake and northeast of Little Lake and U.S. Route 395.
 Manijalan (Persian: منيجلان‎ also Romanized as Manījalān) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 571 in 95 families.
 Pophali (Marathi: पोफळी) is a panchayat town in Chiplun taluka of Ratnagiri district in Maharashtra India. The town is known for its power plant which is a part of the Koyna Hydroelectric Project. It is also the last town in the Konkan side on the state highway (SH-78) that links the Konkan to the rest of Maharashtra. It is at the western end of the Kumbharli Ghat on this highway. Chiplun 15 km (9 mi) is the nearest big town.Pophali is also a surname in Maharashtra not very common though.
 Sabinów [saˈbinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Konopnica 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Wieluń and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 80.
 Ulta Seedha is a 1985 Indian Bollywood film directed and produced by Subodh Mukherji. It stars Raj Babbar and Rati Agnihotri in pivotal roles.
 The Madarasz's Tiger Parrot (Psittacella madaraszi) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family.It is found in West Papua Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.Its common name and Latin binomial commemorate the Hungarian ornithologist Gyula von Madarász.
 Victoria Grist Windmill is an historic gristmill in Memorial Square in Victoria Texas United States. The windmill was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 30 1976 and became an American Society of Mechanical Engineers Landmark in May 1991.The windmill was built in 1870 and is probably the last remaining windmill of European design in the Southwestern United States.
 The Medomak River is a 40-mile-long (64 km) river in Maine. From its source (44°21′48″N 69°21′09″W) in Liberty the river winds 32 miles (51 km) south to the head of its estuary in Waldoboro then about 8 miles (13 km) south to Bremen. The river flows through Hockomock Channel into the head of Muscongus Bay.
 Theotinus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Dagüey is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Hull House was a settlement house in the United States that was co-founded in 1889 by Jane Addams and Ellen Gates Starr. Located in the Near West Side of Chicago Illinois Hull House (named for the home's first owner) opened its doors to recently arrived European immigrants. By 1911 Hull House had grown to 13 buildings. In 1912 the Hull House complex was completed with the addition of a summer camp the Bowen Country Club.
 St Chad's Church is an Anglican church in Poulton-le-Fylde a town on the Fylde coastal plain in Lancashire England. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn and the archdeaconry of Lancaster. It is designated a Grade II* listed building. A church on the site was built no later than the 11th century and may have existed prior to the Norman conquest of England.
 The Helegiu River is a tributary of the Tazlău River in Romania.
 In mid-May 1861 U. S. Navy lieutenant William Bull Nelson armed Kentuckians loyal to the Union and that soon became the foundation for his receiving authority to enlist 10000 troops for a campaign into East Tennessee. On August 6 1861 those recruits marched into Camp Dick Robinson making it the first Federal base south of the Ohio River. For Col. George C. Kniffen the wisdom of President Lincoln commissioning . . .
 The biographical book The ultimate entrepreneur: the story of Ken Olsen and Digital Equipment Corporation chronicles the experiences of Ken Olsen racing to design minicomputers at the company of his own founding Digital Equipment Corporation.
 Shadow Lady (シャドウレディ Shadō Redi) is a manga series written and illustrated by Masakazu Katsura. It was canceled partway through its run resulting in the severe compression of a new story arc and a finale.
 Simmer Kane EP is the second EP released by alternative rock band State Radio.
 Police is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by V. K. Prakash starring Prithviraj Indrajith Bhavana Chaya Singh and Ashokan. It is an uncredited remake of the 1989 American film Tango & Cash and it was dubbed in Tamil as the same title.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 41 families.
 Esmailabad Shur Qaleh-ye Pain (Persian: اسمعيل ابادشورقلعه پايين‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād Shūr Qal‘eh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District Chaharbagh District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 66 families.
 Mictopsichia egae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.The wingspan is about 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is orange yellow and consists of basal and subapical streaks and postbasal interfascia. The other parts of ground colour are suffused olive brownish. The terminal area is more orange brownish. The hindwings are orange the apical third of the wing with a brownish confluent marking.
 Lake Independence is located in Marquette County in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. The lake is fed primarily by the Yellow Dog River. The lake is naturally occurring but its level has been stabilized and raised slightly to 625 feet above mean sea level by a dam. Outflow is the short Iron River which flows slightly over one mile into Lake Superior.
 Black Hawk Down: A Story of Modern War is a 1999 book by Mark Bowden that chronicles the United States Army Rangers 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment 10th Mountain Division Delta Force Navy SEALs and UN forces attempt to capture Somali warlord Mohamed Farrah Aidid in Mogadishu and the intense battle that resulted between U.S. forces and local militia and citizens.
 The Common Scale-backed Antbird (Willisornis poecilinotus) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family the antbirds. It has often been included in the genus Hylophylax but is now known to be part of a different clade leading to its placement in the genus Willisornis. It was briefly placed in Dichropogon but this name is preoccupied by a genus of asilid flies (Dichropogon Bezzi 1910).
 Susi Hamilton is a Democratic member of the North Carolina House of Representatives serving since 2011. Hamilton also owns the consulting firm Hamilton Planning which specializes in city planning and downtown economic development.
 Vexillum coronatum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Stars Fell on Henrietta is a 1995 drama film from Warner Bros. directed by James Keach and produced by Clint Eastwood.
 Breakup at a Wedding is the first film from comedy collective PERIODS. Directed by Victor Quinaz and written by Anna Martemucci Victor Quinaz and Philip Quinaz the movie was produced by Before the Door Pictures (All Is Lost Margin Call) and Anonymous Content (Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind). It was released on June 21 2013 through Oscilloscope Laboratories.
 Green Sergeant's Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge over the Wickecheoke Creek near the border between the Hunterdon Plateau and Amwell Valley located in Delaware Township Hunterdon County New Jersey United States. As the last covered bridge in the state of New Jersey it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The bridge was first constructed in 1872 but after being damaged in 1960 it was dismantled and replaced with a modern bridge.
 The Curtis House also known as the Howze-Culpepper House is a historic house in Demopolis Alabama United States. It is a brick structure that was built in 1840 by Samuel Curtis a Revolutionary War veteran who was born in Queen Anne's County Maryland in 1751 and died in Marengo County Alabama in 1846. The house was built in the Federal style with the later addition of a Greek Revival influenced portico. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 11 April 1977.
 The Traitor (German: Verräter) is a 1936 German film directed by Karl Ritter.
 The Palace of Laughter The Wednesday Tales #1 is a novel by Jon Berkeley published in 2006. It tells the tale of an orphan named Miles Wednesday.
 Aydınlık (Illumination in Turkish) is a daily newspaper in Turkey. Originally launched as a weekly newspaper in 1921 it has been repeatedly closed and relaunched most recently in 2011. It is aligned with the Workers' Party (İşçi Partisi).
 The Râul Vălenilor or Văleni River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 Roscoe Bolar Stephenson Jr. was born at Covington Virginia on February 22 1922. He attended the public schools of Alleghany County Virginia and received both his B.A. (1943) and his J.D. (1947) from Washington and Lee University. After being admitted to the bar in 1947 he practiced law in Covington for twenty-six years. From 1952 to 1964 he served as Commonwealth’s Attorney for Alleghany County. On July 12 1973 he was elected as a judge for the Twenty-Fifth Judicial Circuit.
 Vivo is the second live album recorded by singer Luis Miguel. It was released on 3 October 2000.This concert was recorded on April 17 2000 in Monterrey Mexico during the last presentation of Luis Miguel's Amarte Es Un Placer Tour in Mexico. For this recording the artist received a Latin Grammy nomination on 2001 for Best Male Pop Vocal Album and also a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album on 43rd Grammy Awards.
 The H. P. Thomas House is an historic house at 322 Somerset Avenue in Taunton Massachusetts.The house was built in 1887 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.
 Łebsko Lake (German: Lebasee) is a coastal lake in the Pomeranian Voivodeship of Poland. It is the part of Słowiński National Park. The Łeba River flows through Łebsko Lake just before it reaches the Baltic Sea at the town of Łeba. It is 16.4 km long and 7.6 km wide. Maximum depth is 6.3 m. With an area of 7142 ha (71.42km²) it is the largest Pomeranian lake. A 2.5 km (1.6 mi) broad spit including the 42 m (138 ft) high Łącka Góra dune separates it from the sea.
 Julie Delpy is the debut album by actress/musician Julie Delpy. Delpy wrote and produced all 12 songs on the album.A Waltz for a Night An Ocean Apart and Je t'aime tant were featured in the film Before Sunset which starred Delpy and Ethan Hawke.
 Exit is an album by guitarist Pat Martino which was recorded in 1976 and first released on the Muse label.
 Monterosa also known as Neptune Lodge is a historic home located at Warrenton Fauquier County Virginia USA. The original house constructed about 1847-1848 and is a 2 1/2-story stuccoed brick house with a gable roof and side-passage plan. The house has sustained several periods of alteration and now manifests the proportions and details of the Colonial Revival style. Also on the property are the contributing Italianate style brick stable (c.
 Simply Irresistible is a 1999 American romantic comedy film starring Sarah Michelle Gellar and Sean Patrick Flanery. It was directed by Mark Tarlov and was written by Judith Roberts.
 Oidaematophorus baroni is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is found in North America (including California and New York).The wingspan is about 30 millimetres (1.2 in). The front of the head is brownish cinereous. The antennae are pale cinereous dotted above with dark brown. The thorax and abdomen are pale brownish cinereous the latter marked dorsally by a row of fine black dots on each segment beyond the third.
 The Episcopal Church of the Redeemer is an historic stone Gothic Revival Episcopal Church in Salmon Idaho. Built in 1902 it was designed by Frank Pollard. On January 12 1979 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.It is still an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Idaho.
 Crocidura hikmiya is a species of shrew that was recently (2007) described from the rainforests of Sri Lanka based on both morphological and molecular data. Its closest sister species is the Sri Lankan long-tailed shrew another Sri Lankan crocidurine shrew that is restricted to the high-elevation habitats of the Central Highlands. C. hikmiya has a shorter tail than the Sri Lankan long-tailed shrew; most of the other characteristics that distinguish the two species are osteological in nature .
 The River Ashop is a river in the Derbyshire Peak District England. Its source is on Black Ashop Moor just east of the Pennine Way and north of Kinder Scout.The river flows approximately ten kilometres east following the Sheffield to Manchester Snake Pass road through remote countryside before emptying into Ladybower Reservoir which itself flows into the River Derwent.The only significant tributary of the River Ashop is the short River Alport.
 Francisco Xavier Chávez was the second géfe político (equivalent to governor) of the territory of Santa Fe de Nuevo México after Mexico gained its independence from Spain in 1822.Francisco Xavier Chávez belonged to an old Spanish family that had been prominent in New Mexico since it was created as a province in 1598.
 May-Ya-Moto is a volcano in the east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It has a prominence of 950 metres (3117 ft).
 Profit is a Canadian business magazine aimed at entrepreneurs. It is published six times per year and according to its website focusses on how to find opportunity and seize it management practices case studies and access to peer groups.Its sister magazines are Canadian Business and MoneySense.
 Abdul Aziz Abdul Ghani (About this sound pronunction AHB-duhl-ah-zeez ahb-dehl-GAH-nee; 2 January 1939 – 22 August 2011) was a Yemeni politician who served as Prime Minister of Yemen from 1994 to 1997 under President Ali Abdullah Saleh. Ghani was a member of the General People's Congress party. Ghani also served as Vice President of the Yemen Arab Republic and as the Prime Minister of the Yemen Arab Republic twice.
 Alexandra Danilova is honoured by the impact crater Danilova on Venus.
 Greatest Hits is the third compilation album by Richard Marx. Released in 1997 this greatest hits package was the last recording for Marx as a Capitol Records artist. This album contains fourteen of Marx's hit releases plus Touch Of Heaven a promotional single from the album Flesh & Bone and a new track Angel's Lullaby.
 Supalai Park Towers are 3 residential high-rise buildings located on Soi Phahonyothin 21 Chatuchak district Bangkok Thailand. The three towers have 33 floors and were all completed in 2003. Opposite Supalai Park Towers is the Elephant Building and next to the towers lies Index Living Mall.
 Queen of Hearts is a 1989 comedy film directed by Jon Amiel.
 Postage was released in 2003 as an in depth synopsis of Supergroove's output. Whilst it is the band's Greatest Hits collection there were a number of songs on the album predominantly from singles which had not been previously released on any of the band's earlier albums and EPs.
 Ophichthus machidai is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker S. Ide and Hiromitsu Endo in 2012.
 Jerome Historic District in Jerome Arizona is a historic district that is significant for its association with copper mining.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1966.
 Savage Dawn is a 1985 action and drama film. The film was directed by Simon Nuchtern the film stars Lance Henriksen George Kennedy Karen Black and William Forsythe
 Ocean Two (sometimes styled O2) is a skyscraper in the Costa del Este district of Panama City Panama. Construction of the 73 story 273 m building began in 2006 and was completed in 2010. For 2010 it was the second tallest building in Costa del Este after The Point and is currently ranked ninth.Construction was led by architects Pinzón Lozano & Asociados. The facade matches the smaller building Ocean One standing 207 m.
 Strazhnitsa (Bulgarian: Стражница) is a village in the municipality of Chernoochene in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It covers an area of 2.155 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 183 people.
 Mawson Peak is an active volcanic mountain on Heard Island an external Australian territory in the Southern Ocean. With its summit at 2745 metres (9006 ft) it is the second highest peak in any state or territory of Australia surpassed only by the 3490 metres (11450 ft) Mount McClintock in the Britannia Range in Australian Antarctic Territory. An active complex volcano which erupted as recently as April 2013 Mawson Peak is the summit of the Big Ben massif.
 The Ashes (Polish: Popioły) is a 1965 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Wajda. It was entered into the 1966 Cannes Film Festival.
 Macrorrhinia parvulella is a species of snout moths in the genus Macrorrhinia. It was described by Barnes and McDunnough in 1913 and is known from Florida and South Carolina in the U.S.A. It is also found in Colombia.The wingspan is 9-12 mm. There are dark markings on the forewings as well as a rather broad whitish band along the costa. The hindwings are pale to dark smoky fuscous.The larvae feed on Achyranthus ramosissima.
 Sengoku Strays (戦國ストレイズ Sengoku Sutoreizu) is a Japanese shōnen manga series by written and illustrated by Shingo Nanami. The manga is being serialized in the Monthly Gangan Wing magazine and published in Japan by Square Enix.
 Qias Kandi (Persian: قياسكندي‎ also Romanized as Qīās Kandī) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District Bizineh Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 418 in 78 families.
 A Drama in the Air (French: Un drame dans les airs) is an adventure short story by Jules Verne.The story was first published in August 1851 under the title Science for families. A Voyage in a Balloon (La science en famille. Un voyage en ballon) in Musée des familles with five illustrations by Alexandre de Bar. In 1874 with six illustrations by Émile-Antoine Bayard it was included in Doctor Ox the only collection of Jules Verne’s short stories published during Verne’s lifetime.
 Aladore is a classic allegorical fantasy novel by Henry Newbolt an author better known for his poetry. It was first published in hardcover by William Blackwood and Sons Edinburgh in 1914. An American edition from E. P. Dutton & Company followed in 1915.
 Mayfield Cottage is a historic plantation home located on the grounds of Central State Hospital near Petersburg Dinwiddie County Virginia. It was built about 1750 and is a 1 1/2-story brick Colonial era mansion. The building features a jerkin-head roof and distinctive interior woodwork. It is believed to be the oldest existing brick house in Dinwiddie County. Since 1882 the property has been used by the hospital for its headquarters and the house became part of the hospital complex.
 Dave Mason is a 1974 album by Dave Mason and was released on the CBS Records label (a subsidiary of Columbia Records). It was reissued on CD on the One Way label in 1995.
 The Sarge Boyd Bandshell of Eau Claire Wisconsin United States as home to the city's oldest community musical organization has played a significant role in the cultural development of the entire Chippewa Valley. The structure was designed by city engineer Alexander Garnock for the purpose of showcasing the Eau Claire Municipal Band. Although its official name is the Donald I.
 Alicellidae is a family of amphipod crustaceans which live as scavengers in the deep sea (at depths of 706–8480 metres or 2316–27822 feet) often in association with hydrothermal vents. The family includes the following genera:Alicella Chevreux 1899Apotectonia Barnard & Ingram 1990Diatectonia Barnard & Ingram 1990Paralicella Chevreux 1908Tectovalopsis Barnard & Ingram 1990Transtectonia Barnard & Ingram 1990↑ ↑
 Jeevapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 The Sound of Speed is a compilation of singles and rare tracks by Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain. The tracklisting below is for the version released in most of the world - the Japanese version dropped Snakedriver Something I Can't Have Write Record Release Blues Tower of Song Little Red Rooster Lowlife and Reverberation but added Subway In the Black Terminal Beach and I'm Glad I Never.
 The Servants of Twilight is a novel by best-selling American suspense author Dean Koontz. The book's plot revolves around a single mother being tormented by members of a religious cult whose leader believes the woman's son to be the Antichrist. A film adaptation was released in 1991.The book was originally published in 1984 as a paperback original under the pseudonym Leigh Nichols. Its original title was just Twilight.
 Come Deadly is a 1974 pornographic horror film written and directed by Gil Kenston.
 Bassleroceras is an elongate upwardly curved exogastric genus with the venter on the under side more sharply rounded than the dorsum on the upper. The siphuncle is ventral composed of thick-walled tubular segments in which connection rings thicken in towardly as in both the Ellesmerocerida and primitive Tarphycerida.Bassleroceras is the type genus of the Bassleroceratidae which Furnish and Glenister (1964) included in the Ellesmerocerida but which Flower (1967) placed in the Tarphycerida.
 Amerić (Serbian: Амерић) is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia.
 Republican Belfast: A Political Tourist's Guide written by an Irish republican ex prisoner Rab Kerr is acknowledged as being the first republican tourist book written about Belfast. The book contains maps photographs and commentary on all the sites of political and cultural interest in 'Republican Belfast'. Documenting the locations of all republican murals in the Greater Belfast area as well as memorial gardens museums and other such sites of interest.
 Amphisbaena bakeri known commonly as Baker's worm lizard  is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena. It is endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico.
 80's Ladies is the debut album by American country music artist K. T. Oslin. It was released by RCA Nashville in 1987. Wall of Tears the title track Do Ya' and I'll Always Come Back were released as singles. The album reached #1 on the Top Country Albums chart and has been certified Platinum by the RIAA.
 Disciples of the 36 Chambers is a live album and concert DVD released in 2004 by the Wu-Tang Clan. The album is styled Chapter 1 and the DVD Chapter 2. It is a slightly edited recording of their set at the 2004 Rock the Bells concert in San Bernardino California. The live set contains many classic hits from the group's albums as well as the individual members' solo albums. All nine original members perform which by the time of this show was an increasingly rare event.
 A Book of Songs for Anne Marie is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Baby Dee. It was released on April 20 2010 under the Drag City label in the US and on Tin Angel Records in the UK. The album is essentially a re-recording of a 150 copy limited-edition CD that was released by Durtro in 2004 with a book of the same name.
 För sent för edelweiss is the fifth studio album by the Swedish singer Håkan Hellström released on March 26 2008. It was produced by Håkan Hellström with Joakim Åhlund. Three singles were released from the album; För en lång lång tid Jag vet inte vem jag är men jag vet att jag är din and Kär i en ängel.
 5 is an album by the German industrial metal band Megaherz. It was released in 2004 and was re-released in the United States in 2006. It's the first and the only album by this band to feature Mathias Jablonski Elsholz as lead vocals.
 Bukit Daun (English: Daun Hill means: Leaves Hill) is a stratovolcano located in a sparsely populated region in Sumatra Indonesia. A 600 m wide of crater lake is located at the summit. A smaller crater lake Tologo Kecil is found in the southwest flank.
 Damunupola is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Más Allá del Sur is Argentine electrotango band Tanghetto's third studio album (or fourth if taken in consideration Hybrid Tango a side project). The album was released in November 2009.According to the band's website the album represents a move towards the roots of a more traditional tango while keeping the modern elements that are a trademark of Tanghetto.In 2010 the album received a Gardel Award nomination.
 William L. Mathues (March 24 1862 – December 30 1908) was a former Treasurer of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Mathues was one of the people convicted in connection to the Pennsylvania State Capitol graft scandal. He died of pneumonia in 1908 before he was supposed to go to prison.
 Return To The Border is a 2005 documentary film directed by Zhao Liang about his return to his hometown in China that borders the Yalu river and North Korea. The short film presents deep insight into both the Chinese and North Korean societies and changes that have taken place over the last several decades. First person interviews add depth to the local perceptions of life on both sides of the border.
 Ghulami is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by J.P. Dutta. It has an ensemble cast comprising Dharmendra Mithun Chakraborty Mazhar Khan Kulbhushan Kharbanda Raza Murad Smita Patil Reena Roy Anita Raj Naseeruddin Shah and Om Shivpuri. Amitabh Bachchan narrated the film.
 Shed is the debut full-length studio album by American punk rock band Title Fight. It was released on May 3 2011 through SideOneDummy Records. It received positive reviews garnering an 81 on review aggregator Metacritic. It debuted at No. 8 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
 Schokari Sand Racer (Psammophis schokari) is a species of Colubrid snake found in parts of Asia and Africa.
 Park Road Courts is an apartment building and an historic structure located in the Columbia Heights neighborhood in Washington D.C. It is three-story brick building built on a raised basement. The architectural firm of Hunter & Bell designed the structure that was completed in 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 Div Darreh (Persian: ديودره‎ also Romanized as Dīv Darreh) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 68 families.
 Roman Arkadyevich Abramovich (Russian: Рома́н Арка́дьевич Абрамо́вич pronounced [rɐˈman ɐrˈkadʲjɪvʲɪt͡ɕ ɐbrɐˈmovʲɪt͡ɕ]; born 24 October 1966) is a Russian businessman and the main owner of the private investment company Millhouse LLC.
 Clovis Dardentor is an 1896 fiction novel by French writer Jules Verne written partly as a travel narrative. Compared to other Verne novels it is a relatively unknown work.Very common throughout Clovis Dardentor is Verne's usage of a comedic slightly burlesque tone in the narration and in the characters' dialogues (something which the narrator confirms at a certain point of the novel).The original illustrations were drawn by designer Léon Benett.
 Phryganopsis punctilineata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Ethiopia Kenya South Africa and Uganda.
 The Valea Nemțoaicelor River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 Declaration of a Headhunter was the final studio album rap metal group Stuck Mojo released before breaking up in 2000 the same year the record was released. Unlike the previous albums all music and lyrics were written by Rich Ward. This was mainly due to friction that had been brought up between him and lead singer Bonz. Rich noted at the time of Declaration of a Headhunter Bonz and I weren't even speaking to each other anymore. Due to this there is a notable difference in the songs.
 Mount Orizaba is the highest peak on Santa Catalina Island California United States. The summit is at 2097 feet (639 m). On January 10 1949 eight inches of snow fell on the mountain.
 The Hartz Mountains are twin mountains located in Tasmania. They are 55 kilometres south west of Hobart and are part of the Hartz Mountains National Park. The Hartz Mountains area experiences typical south-west weather conditions. In all seasons there can be snow high rainfall extremes of temperature strong winds and sudden weather changes.
 The more northerly of the two Esk Rivers in New Zealand lies in Hawke's Bay in the eastern North Island. One of the region's major rivers it flows south from the slopes of Mount Taraponui in the Maungaharuru Range before turning east to reach Hawke Bay 10 kilometres to the north of Napier. State Highway 5 follows the lower course of the river for several kilometres close to the settlement of Eskdale.
 MacMillan Lakes is a lake of Richmond County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Toledo Children's Hospital is a public children's hospital located in Toledo Ohio.Toledo Children's is located within The Toledo Hospital and administratively is part of the ProMedica Health System. It is a level I trauma center and has 151 beds 78 of which being intensive care.
 Bayview Village Shopping Centre is an upscale shopping mall in the North York area of Toronto Ontario Canada catering to affluent customers and containing over 110 stores. The 440000-square-foot (41000 m2) shopping mall is located at Bayview Avenue and Sheppard Avenue in the community of Willowdale and neighbourhood of Bayview Village.
 Soul of Man Presents: Y4K: Breakin' In Tha House is the 10th entry in the Y3K/Y4K series. The album contains songs from including: Soul of Man Dylan Rhymes Basement Jaxx & Plump DJs. The album's mixed by Soul of Man.
 Elbert L. Lampson (July 30 1852 – November 18 1930) was an interesting figure and striking personality in Ohio politics and public affairs during the second half of the nineteenth century. Hailing from Jefferson Lampson was the 21st Lieutenant Governor of Ohio and former State Senator. A lawyer by profession his time had been taken up with a diversity of interests. He was a banker and for many years was a newspaper publisher.
 Live from Radio City Music Hall is a double album by the group Heaven & Hell which was released in 2007. The set is a chronicle of the group's performance on March 30 2007 at Radio City Music Hall in New York City. Live from Radio City Music Hall is also available as a DVD. The DVD was certified Gold by the RIAA on October 5 2007 selling 100000 units. It was released on Blu-ray Disc in 2011.
 Barsebäck Castle (Swedish: Barsebäck slott) is a castle in the village of Barsebäck Kävlinge Municipality close to the shore of Öresund in Scania southern Sweden. It has existed in various versions at its present location since the 12th century but only received its current shape during a major renovations and rebuildings in 1889 and 1940.
 Riedsee bei Leeheim is a lake in Hesse Germany. At an elevation of 80 m its surface area is ca. 24 ha.
 Paço de São Cristóvão (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈpasu dʒi sɐ̃w kɾiʃˈtɔvɐ̃w] English: Palace of Saint Christopher; also known as Palácio Imperial or Palácio de São Cristóvão) is a palace located in the Quinta da Boa Vista park in Rio de Janeiro Brazil. It is the former residence of the Emperors of Brazil. It currently houses the National Museum of Brazil.
 Opisthostoma mirabile is a species of air-breathing land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Diplommatinidae.
 Thanmathra ( Malayalam: തന്മാത്ര English: Molecule) is a 2005 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Blessy based on Padmarajan's short story Orma which portrays the effects of Alzheimer's disease on the life of an individual and his family. The film bagged five Kerala state film awards for the Best Film Best Actor Best Director Best Screenplay and a special mention for the debutant actor Arjun Lal.
 Beyond the Pleasure Principle (first published in German in 1920 as Jenseits des Lustprinzips) is an essay by Sigmund Freud marking a major turning point in his theoretical approach. Previously Freud attributed most human behavior to the sexual instinct (Eros or libido). With this essay Freud went beyond the simple pleasure principle developing his theory of drives with the addition of the death drive(s) (Todestrieb[e]) (often referred to as Thanatos).
 The New Zealand Medical Journal is a peer-reviewed medical journal. It is the official journal of the New Zealand Medical Association. It was established in September 1887 by the New Zealand Branch of the British Medical Association. The present editor-in-chief is Frank Frizelle. The journal is a member of the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors. It has been published online since July 2002. Six issues a year of a printed digest of articles are also produced.
 Forest-Norman Historic District is a national historic district in Ridgewood Queens New York. It includes 37 contributing buildings built between 1908 and 1910. They consist of two story brick houses with one apartment per floor and two story brick tenements with two apartments per floor.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Colloid and Polymer Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal which publishes in the field of colloid and polymer science and its interdisciplinary interactions. The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media. It was first published in 1906.
 Bodi is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin. It is located near the border with Togo.
 Pheia serpensis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kaye in 1919. It is found in Brazil.
 Kathleen J. Kathy Sheran (born May 18 1947) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) she represents District 19 which includes portions of Blue Earth Le Sueur and Nicollet counties in the south central part of the state.
 Dr. Lajos Kupcsok (born 1961) is a Hungarian jurist and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz Pest County Regional List since 2010.Kupcsok is a member of the Economic and Information Technology Committee since May 14 2010.
 Mausert Block is a historic block at 19—27 Park Street in Adams Massachusetts designed in the Romanesque architectural style. It is one of the four brick buildings on Park Street along with the P. J. Barrett Block Jones Block and Armory Block.The Mausert Block was built in 1900 and 1901 by George and Conrad Mausert brothers and local businessmen. Walter J Donovan established his law offices on the second floor from 1920 until 1970. F.W. Woolworth moved into 19-21 Park Street in 1930s.
 Grass Labyrinth (草迷宮 Kusa meikyū) is a Japanese film directed by Shūji Terayama which was released in France in 1979 and in Japan in 1983.
 Back into the Darkness is the fifth album by Tito & Tarantula released in 2008.
 The Madness of King George: The Ingenious Insanity of Our Most Misunderestimated President is a political satire book written by Michael K. Smith and illustrated by Matt Wuerker. It was published in 2004 by Common Courage Press in Canada. Alternating between text and cartoons it takes a critical look at George W. Bush's life and first term as president of the United States portraying it all as a rush to war in Iraq.
 ʻAisake Valu Eke is a Tongan politician. A former Secretary for Finance at the Ministry of Finance he was first elected to the Legislative Assembly at the November 2010 general election as MP for Tongatapu 5.
 Hałuszowa [xawuˈʂɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krościenko nad Dunajcem within Nowy Targ County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Krościenko nad Dunajcem 26 km (16 mi) east of Nowy Targ and 77 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Beaverdam Creek is a Pennsylvania stream near Hunterstown northeast of Gettysburg Pennsylvania. The creek's intersection with the road leading to the Gettysburg Railroad's Granite station was the site of the Battle of Hunterstown on July 2 1863.
 Haplidoeme is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Haplidoeme punctata Chemsak & Linsley 1971 Haplidoeme schlingeri Chemsak & Linsley 1965↑
 Quentalia vittata is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found in Brazil.
 Rhynchodipterus is a genus of prehistoric lungfish that lived during the late Devonian period.
 Atlantic Convoy is a 1942 American film. The story follows naval patrols based on the Icelandic coast battling the German U-boats of World War II and the German efforts to infiltrate their operations with spies and saboteurs.
 Hale Farm and Village is a historic property of the Western Reserve Historical Society in Bath Township Summit County Ohio United States. It is within the boundaries of the Cuyahoga Valley National Park. Hale Farm was the original homestead of Jonathan Hale a Connecticut farmer who migrated to the Western Reserve in 1810. In 1973 Hale Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Jonathan Hale Homestead. The Hale House was built in 1825.
 Edmon Marukyan (Armenian: Էդմոն Մարուքյան) is an Armenian lawyer who was elected member of the National Assembly in May 2012 from the 30th electoral district which includes the third largest city of Armenia Vanadzor and two nearby villages of Gugark and Shahumyan in Lori Province. He is currently the only non-partisan member of the Armenian parliament.
 Cousin Henry is a novel by Anthony Trollope first published in 1879. The story deals with the trouble arising from the indecision of a squire in choosing an heir to his estate.Of all Trollope's shorter novels this one has been called one of his most experimental.
 The Toyohira River (豊平川 Toyohira-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō prefecture Japan. It is 72.5 km in length and has drainage area of 959 km². It is a tributary of the Ishikari River.It supplies water to Sapporo city the capital of Hokkaidō built on the alluvial fan formed by the river.Jōzankei is a popular attraction with onsen (hot springs) along the upper Toyohira.
 The Watchmen is a novel by John Altman published in 2004.The novel has a reference about project MKULTRA
 Tango Charlie is a 2005 Indian anti-war film written and directed by Mani Shankar. The film stars Bobby Deol Ajay Devgan Sanjay Dutt Sunil Shetty Tanisha Nandana Sen and Sudesh Berry.The film follows military man Tarun Chauhan (Bobby Deol) journey from young army recruit to war-hardened fighter in the Indian army.
 My Sisters Children Go Astray (Danish: Min søsters børn når de er værst) is a 1971 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring William Rosenberg.
 Yoake Mae yori Ruriiro na (夜明け前より瑠璃色な lit. A Brighter Blue Than That Before the Dawn) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by August and first released on September 22 2005 for Windows. It was later ported to the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable. A manga illustrated by Hoehoe Nōmiso was serialized in Dengeki Daioh between the November 2005 and May 2007 issues.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Dinaran Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 27 families.
 Mount Logan (9239 feet (2816 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Logan Glacier is immediately north of Mount Logan and Red Eagle Glacier lies to the east. Mount Logan is situated along the Continental Divide.
 Oti Kandi (آتی‌کندی also Romanized as Otī Kandī; also known as Owtū Kandī) is a village in Seyyedan Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1047 in 207 families.Aşıq Hoseyn Javan born in Oti Kandi is the legendary Ashik who was exiled to Soviet Union for composing revolutionary songs during the brief reign of Azerbaijan People's Government following the World War II.
 Frank A. Moran is an American state legislator serving in the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
 Kresy [ˈkrɛsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 For the ski area see Willamette Pass Resort.Willamette Pass (5128 ft or 1563 m) is a mountain pass crossing the crest of the Cascade Range in Oregon. It is also known as Pengra Pass and Willamette Summit. The pass is traversed by Oregon Route 58. The Willamette Pass Resort ski area is located at the pass.
 The Colonial Beacon Gas Station is a historic gas station at 474 Main Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. It was built c. 1922 by the Colonial Oil Company to be a flagship station in their chain of filling stations. The concrete and stucco building was designed by the Boston firm of Coolidge and Carlson. It has two main sections: an octagonal section that once served as a drive-through filling area and a rectangular service area to its left.
 Shambhala: The Sacred Path of the Warrior is a book concerning the Shambhala Buddhist vision of founder Chögyam Trungpa. The book discusses addressing personal and societal problems through the application of secular concepts such as basic goodness warriorship bravery and egolessness as a means toward the creation of what he calls enlightened society.
 Law Cheung-kwok (born 26 September 1949 Hong Kong) was a member of the Sai Kung District Council (1994–2007) representing Hong King. He was also a member of the Legislative Council (1995–97) representing for the Election Committee. He joined the Provisional Legislative Council which existed from 1996 to 1998 with other members of the Association for Democracy and People's Livelihood (ADPL) while other pro-democrats boycotted it.
 Scopula galactina is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.
 The Taihiki River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally northeast from its sources north of Patumahoe to reach the Waiuku River shortly before the latter's outflow into the Manukau Harbour. As with the Waiuku River much of the Taihiki's length is as a wide silty estuary.
 Peniculimius is a grass moth genus (family Crambidae) of subfamily Crambinae; its relationships within the latter group remain obscure. Some authors have placed it in the snout moth family (Pyralidae) where all grass moths were once also included but this seems to be in error.
 The Weapon Shops of Isher is a science fiction novel by A. E. van Vogt first published in 1951. The novel is a fix-up created from three previously published short stories about the Weapon Shops and Isher civilization: The Seesaw (Analog Science Fiction and Fact July 1941) The Weapon Shop (Analog Science Fiction and Fact December 1942) The Weapon Shops of Isher (Wonder Stories February 1949)
 The Old Rhinebeck Aerodrome is a museum of World War I and Golden Age aircraft and antique automobiles that is located in Red Hook New York USA.
 Fulay is a panchayat village in Gujarat India. Administratively it is under Nakhatrana Taluka Kutch District Gujarat.There are two villages in the Fulay gram panchayat: Fulay and Tal.
 Robot World is the third album by New Zealand band Bailter Space released in 1993. It was their first full-length album to be officially released in the U.S. and was distributed by WEA under Matador's first major-label deal (with Warner Bros. Records).It was recorded (no producer is listed in the album credits) at Writhe Recording in Wellington New Zealand except for Get Lost which was recorded by Chris Julian at Calliope in New York.
 Die Jagd nach dem Stiefel is an East German film. It was released in 1962.
 Bill McCamley is a Democratic member of the New Mexico House of Representatives serving since 2013. Before serving in the House McCamley was a Dona Ana County Commissioner from 2005 to 2008.
 The Marcus Curtiss Inn is a historic house and post office located near Galena in Genoa Township Delaware County Ohio United States. A native of Connecticut Curtiss moved to present-day Genoa Township in 1808 becoming the first settler in the area along with his family his brother's family and a third family who also moved from Connecticut.
 The Houghton Memorial Building is a historic building at 4 Rogers Street in Littleton Massachusetts. The building was built in 1895 by architect Perkins & Betton in a Colonial Revival style. It presently houses the Reuben Hoar Library.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 18 1991.
 Mazraeh-ye Yek (Persian: مزرعه يك‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Yek and Mazra‘eh Yek; also known as Mazra‘eh and Mazra‘eh-ye Yek-e Ḩarīrāt) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1761 in 274 families.
 Handle with Care is a 1977 comedy movie set in a small town in Nebraska and loosely based on the wide popularity of citizens' band radio usually called CB at the time. It was directed by Jonathan Demme.The movie was originally released as Citizens Band was later released in an edited version as Handle With Care.In the film all of the cast of characters are known by their CB handles (nicknames).A paperback novelization of the film written by E.M.
 Hannibal's Children is the 2002 alternate history novel by John Maddox Roberts.
 Gornje Čičevo (Cyrillic: Горње Чичево) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Live in Stockholm is an concert film by American singer-songwriter Rickie Lee Jones released in July 2011. It was filmed on 7 March 2010 at Berns Salonger in Stockholm and it's her first live DVD. In addition to Jones this video also featured Lionel Cole (percussion) and Joey Maramba (bass).
 Boys Only is the fourth and final studio album by UK band The Boys released in 1980.
 Mr Kneebone is the third EP by Australian rock band Powderfinger. It was released after their first full length studio album Parables for Wooden Ears and prior to follow-up album Double Allergic. It contains five songs none of which were included on either album. As a short run EP Mr Kneebone did not sell large quantities however is considered to be the turning point in Powderfinger's song writing career.
 The Owl Service is a low fantasy novel for young adults by Alan Garner published by Collins in 1967. Set in modern Wales it is an adaptation of the story of the mythical Welsh woman Blodeuwedd an expression of the myth in the author's words.Garner won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's best children's book by a British author.
 Fungal Genetics and Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1977 under the title Experimental Mycology. It was renamed to the current title in 1996. The journal publishes experimental investigations of fungi and their traditional allies that relate structure and function to growth reproduction morphogenesis and differentiation.
 Forbes is an American business magazine owned by Forbes Inc. Published biweekly it features original articles on finance industry investing and marketing topics. Forbes also reports on related subjects such as technology communications science and law. Its headquarters are in New York City. Primary competitors in the national business magazine category are Fortune and Bloomberg Businessweek.
 8-Bit Rebellion! is a soundtrack album for the game of the 8-Bit Rebellion! consisting of songs recorded by American rock band Linkin Park.It was released on April 26 2010 via Warner Bros. This is the second soundtrack released by the band.
 Harvey Whalen House is a historic home located in the town of Penfield in Monroe County New York. The brick building constructed in 1875 consists of a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay Victorian Gothic main block with attached Second Empire tower and 1-story brick addition.
 Only When I Larf is a late 1960s British comic thriller describing the activities of a team of three confidence tricksters led by Silas Lowther (late 40s) his girlfriend Liz Mason (late 20s) and wannabe apprentice and Liz-worshipper Bob (early 20s). It was published in 1968 by Michael Joseph and in paperback by Sphere.
 Shuaphaenops parvicollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Shuaphaenops.
 Megalomphalus margaritae is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vanikoridae.
 The Maddox Brothers and Rose – Vol. 1; America’s Most Colorful Hillbilly Band Their Original Recordings 1946-1951 is a re-issue of recordings by Maddox Brothers and Rose during the years 1946 through 1951.
 The Galaţi River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 Charles Bass Reed (born September 29 1941) served as chancellor of the State University System of Florida from 1985 to 1998 and chancellor of the California State University (CSU) system from 1998 to 2012.
 William Alexander Julian also known as W.A. Julian (August 6 1870 – May 29 1949) served as the 28th Treasurer of the United States from June 1 1933 to May 29 1949 under Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman. His signature appears on many different currency notes that were issued during this period. He is currently the last male to hold that position. Julian was the first president of the First National Bank of Bethel Ohio. Julian ran as a candidate for U.S.
 Industry 2.0 is a monthly magazine published by 9.9 Media. It features a judicious mix of in-depth stories recent events and happenings incisive commentary case studies and in-depth discussions. Industry 2.0 engages with industry and technology leaders to provide a comprehensive overview of the manufacturing sector.
 Bee is a village in Seward County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Lincoln Nebraska Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 191 at the 2010 census.
 Space and Culture is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Architecture. The journal's editors are Joost van Loon (Catholic University of Eichstätt-Ingolstadt) Justine Lloyd (University of Technology) Michael Schillmeier (Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München) and Rob Shields (University of Alberta). It has been in publication since 1997 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Not to be confused with Dr. William J. Mayo House in Rochester MinnesotaThe Dr. William W. Mayo House located at 118 North Main Street in Le Sueur Minnesota United States is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). It was built in 1859 by James Mayo and his brother William Worrall Mayo who emigrated from Salford United Kingdom to the United States in 1846 and became a doctor. William's older son William James Mayo was born in the home in 1861. William W.
 The Journal of Religion is an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press founded in 1882 as The American Journal of Theology. The journal embraces all areas of theology (biblical historical ethical and constructive) as well as other types of religious studies (literary social psychological and philosophical).
 Belmont Manor House formally known as Belmont Plantation is a two-story five-part Federal mansion in Loudoun County Virginia built between the years of 1799-1802 by Ludwell Lee (1760–1836) son of Richard Henry Lee. The land surrounding the mansion the Belmont property was handed down to his first wife (also his first cousin) Flora Lee from their grandfather Thomas Lee.
 The Robert Heinlein Interview and other Heinleiniana is non-fiction collection about science fiction author Robert A. Heinlein. Written by J. Neil Schulman from 1972 through 1988 the book was first published in 1990.
 Baka no Uta (ばかのうた) is the debut studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Gen Hoshino. It was released on 16 June 2010 as a limited edition vinyl LP on Kakubarhythm and on 23 June 2010 on CD on Haruomi Hosono's Daisyworld Discs and Speedstar Records in Japan.Baka no Uta is the first solo release by Hoshino who also leads Japanese instrumental band Sakerock. The only single from the album Kuse no Uta was released as a digital download on 14 July 2010.
 The Severing Crime Edge (断裁分離のクライムエッジ Dansai Bunri no Kuraimu Ejji) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tatsuhiko Hikagi. An anime television series adaptation by Studio Gokumi premiered on Tokyo MX and other networks on April 4 2013.
 Święta Anna [ˈɕfjɛnta ˈanna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Zielona within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dąbrowa Zielona 29 km (18 mi) east of Częstochowa and 73 km (45 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 175.
 Przyłęk [ˈpʂɨwɛŋk] is a village in Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Przyłęk. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Zwoleń and 111 km (69 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 The Archive of Serbia (Serbian: Архив Србије / Arhiv Srbije) is the national archive of Serbia located in Belgrade. It houses and protects documents and other archival materials produced by state bodies and organizations of Serbia before 1918 (before Serbia became part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia) and documents produced during and after World War II (when Serbia was federal subject within Communist Yugoslavia and Serbia and Montenegro).
 Julian Cannonball Adderley and Strings is the second album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley to be released on the EmArcy label and features Adderley with and orchestra directed by Richard Hayman.
 Mangasuli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Athni taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Coptodon imbriferna is a critically endangered species of fish in the cichlid family. It is endemic to Lake Bermin in Cameroon. It is threatened by pollution and sedimentation from human activities and potentially also by large emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) from the lake's bottom (compare Lake Nyos).
 Irena Degutienė (born 1 June 1949 in Šiauliai Lithuanian SSR Soviet Union) is a Lithuanian politician and member of the conservative Homeland Union currently Speaker of Seimas. She was twice the acting Prime Minister of Lithuania first from 4 May 1999 to 18 May 1999 and then from 27 October 1999 to 3 November 1999. She has also been the Minister for Social Security and Labour from 1996 to 2000. In 1978 she graduated from Vilnius University with a degree in medicine.
 De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas is the first full-length studio album by Norwegian black metal band Mayhem. Songwriting began as early as 1987 but due to the suicide of vocalist Per Dead Ohlin and murder of guitarist Øystein Euronymous Aarseth the album's release was delayed until May 1994. De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas is widely considered one of the most influential black metal albums of all time.
 Kureküla is a village in Puhja Parish Tartu County Estonia. It has a population of 33 (as of 1 January 2010).
 The Treatment is an American romantic comedy film released in 2006 starring Chris Eigeman and Famke Janssen and produced and directed by Oren Rudavsky.It is based on a novel with the same title by Daniel Menaker.
 Pet is the debut album by New Zealand rock band Fur Patrol released in 2000.
 Rajiv Ranjan Singh (born 24 January 1955) is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Munger constituency of Bihar and is a member of the Janata Dal (United) (JD(U)) political party. He previously represented the Begusarai constituency in the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He was also a Rajya Sabha member from Bihar before elected to Loksabha.
 Leiksandin is a village in Amarapura Township Mandalay District in the Mandalay Region of central Burma.It is located 8 miles south of Amarapura and had a population of 310 in 1891 and was reported to have paid RS. 390 in thathameda tax.
 Svarvarnuten is a mountain of Aust-Agder in southern Norway.
 Susano Oh (凄ノ王 Susanoou) is a Japanese manga created by Go Nagai. It is loosely based in the Shinto deity Susanoo.With this manga Nagai won the Kodansha Manga Award in the Shōnen category. The original serialization of Kodansha was suspended in 1981 but the success of the novels written by Yasutaka Nagai prompted Kadokawa Shoten to request Go to resume his work on Susano Oh. With this the manga would be published in a period of ten years from 1979 to 1989.
 Rivetina caucasica is a species of praying mantis in the genus Rivetina.
 Szerzawy [ʂɛˈʐavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Welsh Living is a national bi-monthly home and lifestyle magazine. The magazine began publication in 2006 in the United Kingdom. Founded by Eduardo Pereira the magazine is predominately based on homes gardens life and style. Circulation is achieved through distribution at independent news-stand outlets as well as Marks and Spencer Waitrose Sainsbury's WH Smith and other retail outlets.
 Van B. Poole (born July 5 1935) is a former Republican politician from Florida. Born in Jackson the seat of Madison County in western Tennessee he graduated in 1958 from Memphis State University in Memphis Tennessee. He relocated to Florida in 1963.From 1953 to 1961 Poole served in the United States Army Reserve. From 1971 to 1979 he was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from Broward County in south Florida.
 Energy Matters was the title of a magazine published by students at the University of Cambridge between November 1980 and June 1984. Its objective outlined in the editorial to the first edition. was to provide facts details and opinions relating to energy in a way accessible to interested students.Energy Matters was notable in a number ways.
 Hypena is a genus of moths in the Noctuidae family. This genus includes the former Bomolocha species. These are not migratory overwinter as pupae and are among the few Noctuidae species that almost never come to bait.
 The Phantom of the Opera (French: Le Fantôme de l'Opéra) is a novel by French writer Gaston Leroux. It was first published as a serialisation in Le Gaulois from September 23 1909 to January 8 1910. It was published in volume form in April 1910 by Pierre Lafitte. The novel is partly inspired by historical events at the Paris Opera during the nineteenth century and an apocryphal tale concerning the use of a former ballet pupil's skeleton in Hector Berlioz's 1841 production of Der Freischütz.
 Pangio pangia is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Pangio.
 Katasumi (In a Corner) and 4444444444 (or Ten Fours) are two 1998 short Japanese horror films both directed by Takashi Shimizu serving as prequels to the Ju-on series.
 Chiasmocleis is a genus of microhylid frogs. They are found in tropical South America (north and east of the Andes) as well as in southern Central America in Panama. Their common name is humming frogs.The genus as defined earlier was found to be polyphyletic. To remedy this some species have been transferred to Elachistocleis and Syncope.
 The Sorrel Weed House or the Francis Sorrel House is a historic facility located in Savannah Georgia. It represents one of the finest examples of Greek Revival and Regency architecture in Savannah and was one of the first two homes in the state of Georgia to be made a state landmark in 1954. At 16000 square feet it is also one of the largest houses in the city. The Sorrel Weed House is open for historic Savannah tours.
 Bahiana is an album by Dizzy Gillespie recorded in 1975 and released on the Pablo label.
 Yobgorgle: Mystery Monster of Lake Ontario is a young adult comedy novel by American author Daniel Pinkwater. It was first published in 1979.
 Tenahawa is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3204 people living in 477 individual households.
 The Young Mr Pitt is a 1942 British biographical film directed by Carol Reed and starring Robert Donat Robert Morley and John Mills. Made in black-and-white it was produced by Edward Black and Maurice Ostrer for the British subsidiary of 20th Century Fox.
 Buzzard is the third full-length album released by Margot & the Nuclear So and So's. It is the first to feature the band's new lineup including Brian Deck on drums Ronnie Kwasman on guitar and Cameron McGill on keyboards.
 The Cellar Door Sessions 1970 is a boxed live album released in 2005. It was recorded over several nights in 1970 at the Washington D. C.-based nightclub The Cellar Door.Significant portions of Davis' Live-Evil were edited and compiled from the music that appears on discs 5 and 6.Live-Evil and this collection are the only official recordings of John McLaughlin's live performances with Miles Davis.
 The Black Hand Gang is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Wee Georgie Wood Viola Compton and Alfred Wood. It was made by British International Pictures and based on a play by Black Hand George by Bert Lee and R.P. Weston.
 Higgins-Hodgeman House is a historic house located at 19 Cedar Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1880 for L.B. Higgins a merchant who operated a dry goods business downtown. The 2-1/2 story frame house is considered one of the best examples of Stick style architecture in the city.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It has retained much of its original wood details and clapboard siding although the green shutters are not original.
 Kebler Pass (el. 10007 ft.) is a high mountain pass in Colorado.The Colorado Department of Transportation refers to the traversing road as Gunnison County Road (GCR) 12. The eastern terminus of GCR 12 is Crested Butte. At its western terminus GCR 12 intersects State Highway 133 near the southern end of Paonia State Park. It is a mostly gravel road and is closed during the winter months. A few portions of the road near the top of the pass have been paved.
 Kravica (Cyrillic: Кравица) is a predominantly Serb populated village in the Bratunac municipality near Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 1991 it had a population of 357 of whom 353 were declared as Serbs with no declared Bosniaks Croats or Yugoslavs. During the 1992-95 Bosnian War the village was badly damaged in the 1993 attack and in 1995 was place of a major killings during the Srebrenica massacre.
 Charitostega is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Andrew P. Raia (born May 8 1968) represents District 9 in the New York State Assembly as a Republican which comprises parts of Huntington Babylon New York and Islip Long Island. First elected in November 2002 Raia is currently the ranking member of the Assembly Committee on Banks. Prior to his election he was a member of legislative offices in both houses of the New York state legislature as well as the Suffolk County Legislature.
 Mud Pond also known as Mud Lake is a lake located near Sunapee in Sullivan County within the U.S. state of New Hampshire.
 Euophrys bulbus is a species of jumping spider found only in Taiwan. This is a very small spider with a total length (excluding legs) of just over 3 mm. The sparsely hairy carapace is dark brown with black margins and a black w-shaped mark about halfway along the back. The legs are dark brown with greyish-black markings.
 Stejneger's Stonechat Saxicola stejnegeri is a species of stonechat native to eastern Asia.
 Samsjøen is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Midtre Gauldal and Melhus in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. Most of the lake lies in Midtre Gauldal about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) north of the village of Singsås. The lake has a dam at the northwest end which is used for hydroelectric power production. The water flows out of the lake and into the Lundesokna river which flows into the Gaula River.
 Sijekovac (Cyrillic: Сијековац) is a village in the municipality of Brod Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is the location of Sijekovac killings that occurred during the Bosnian War.
 Ember Glance: The Permanence of Memory is effectively the soundtrack of a collaboration between David Sylvian and Russell Mills.
 The Worcester and Birmingham Canal is a canal linking Birmingham and Worcester in England. It starts in Worcester as an 'offshoot' of the River Severn (just after the river lock) and ends in Gas Street Basin in Birmingham. It is 29 miles (47 km) long.There are 58 locks in total on the canal including the 30 Tardebigge Locks one of the largest lock flights in Europe. The canal climbs 428 feet (130 m) from Worcester to Birmingham.
 The Occult Review was a British illustrated monthly magazine published between 1905 and 1951 containing articles and correspondence by many notable occultists and authors of the day including Aleister Crowley Meredith Starr Walter Leslie Wilmshurst Arthur Edward Waite Franz Hartmann Florence Farr and Paul Brunton. Edited by Ralph Shirley and published in London by William Rider and Son LTD.
 Indigoism is the debut mixtape by American hip hop duo The Underachievers released on February 1 2013 as a free digital download via Brainfeeder. The mixtape was produced by Mr Bristol Rich Flyer The Entreproducers Bruce Lee Kixxs Dreamrite and Lou Chapo among others. Upon its release it was met with universal acclaim by music critics.
 The Lopburi River (Thai: แม่น้ำลพบุรี RTGS: Maenam Lop Buri Thai pronunciation: [mɛ̂ːnáːm lóp buriː]) is a tributary of the Chao Phraya River in central Thailand. It splits from the Chao Phraya river at Tambon Bang Phutsa Singburi. Passing through Tha Wung district and the town of Lopburi it enters the Chao Phraya together with the Pa Sak River at the town of Ayutthaya. It is about 95 kilometres long.
 Tazehabad-e Vazir (Persian: تازه آباد وزير‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Vazīr; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 46 families.
 Dolovi (Serbian: Долови) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Atractaspis battersbyi or Battersby's burrowing asp is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family.
 Steatoda nobilis is a spider in the genus Steatoda known in the United Kingdom as the noble false widow and often referred to as the false widow. As the common name indicates the spider superficially resembles and is frequently confused for the black widow and other spiders in the genus Latrodectus which can have medically significant venom.
 Hoima Regional Referral Hospital commonly known as Hoima Hospital is a hospital in the town of Hoima in Hoima District western Uganda. It is the referral hospital for the districts of Bulisa Hoima Kibaale and Masindi.
 Alan Curtis Bates (born March 17 1945) is an American physician and a Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Oregon. He is a member of the Oregon State Senate representing the 3rd District since 2005. Previously he was a member of the Oregon House of Representatives from 2000 through 2004.
 Smooth Talk is a 1985 drama film loosely based on Joyce Carol Oates' 1966 short story Where Are You Going Where Have You Been? which was in turn inspired by the Tucson murders committed by Charles Schmid. The protagonist and main character Connie Wyatt is played by Laura Dern. The antagonist Arnold Friend is played by Treat Williams.The film was produced by American Playhouse and Goldcrest Films and originally released to movie theaters in 1985.
 Replica is an online magazine published by Global Tat Productions. Replica claims to be the pioneer of collective journalism a form of reported media whereby all material within the publication is contributed by the public. Replica was founded in early 2008 by Thomas Foxley and Rosie Allen-Jones and is considered a British cult.
 Hampole Priory was a priory in South Yorkshire England.
 The Ken River is one the major rivers of the Bundelkhand region of central India and flows through two states Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh. It is a tributary of the Yamuna
 Thrilling Cities is the title of a travelogue by the James Bond author and The Sunday Times journalist Ian Fleming. The book was first published in the UK in November 1963 by Jonathan Cape. The cities covered by Fleming were Hong Kong Macau Tokyo Honolulu Los Angeles Las Vegas Chicago New York Hamburg Berlin Vienna Geneva Naples and Monte Carlo.Thrilling Cities was initially a series of articles Fleming wrote for The Sunday Times based on two trips he took.
 Craftsman is an album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark released in 1995. It is a 30-song double-CD collection that includes all of Clark's late-'70s and '80s recordings for Warner Bros. Guy Clark The South Coast of Texas and Better Days.
 Crashin' Thru is a 1923 American Western film starring Harry Carey.
 The Canaan Chapel (also known as Canaan Free Will Baptist Church) is a historic chapel on Canaan Road in Barrington New Hampshire. The single story wood frame building was built in 1881 and is one of a small number of surviving area Free Will Baptist churches of the period. The interior of the building consists of a vestibule with a small room off to the right and an auditorium space measuring about 24' by 32'.
 Live Bootleg '82 is the title of a 1990 live album by rock band Daniel Amos released on Stunt Records. Recorded in St. Louis Missouri by Bruce A. Brown this officially released bootleg gives fans a glimpse into a typical D.A. concert in the early 1980s.
 William Edgardo Miranda Torres also known as Willito is a Puerto Rican politician and current mayor of Caguas.Miranda is the son of longtime mayor of Caguas William Miranda Marín and Carmen Sara Torres. When his father died in June 4 2010 William announced his availability to continue his father's work. After winning a special election he was sworn in August 16 2010.Miranda studied at the Interamerican University of Puerto Rico receiving a degree in Finance.
 Memphis Sport is a sports and fitness magazine featuring articles on local and regional teams players and events. In addition Memphis Sport focuses on health and fitness for an active lifestyle. The magazine debuted in Memphis Tennessee in July of 2006. Local franchises covered include the University of Memphis Tigers Memphis Redbirds Mississippi Riverkings and Tennessee Titans.
 Gryaznukha (Russian: Грязнуха) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Kungur River which in turn is a tributary of Iren River. The length of the river is 19 km.
 Real is a 2013 Japanese science fiction drama film directed by Kiyoshi Kurosawa starring Takeru Satoh and Haruka Ayase. It is Kurosawa's first feature film since Tokyo Sonata (2008). It is based on Rokuro Inui's novel A Perfect Day for Plesiosaur. The film was released on June 1 2013 in Japan. It was shown at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival and at the 2013 New York Film Festival.
 Chondrolepis cynthia is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo and south-western Uganda.
 Carlito's Way is a 1993 American crime drama film directed by Brian De Palma based on the novels Carlito's Way and After Hours by Judge Edwin Torres. The film adaptation was scripted by David Koepp. It stars Al Pacino and Sean Penn with Penelope Ann Miller Luis Guzmán John Leguizamo and Viggo Mortensen in supporting roles.
 The Salvador Dali Museum in St. Petersburg Florida United States houses the largest collection outside Europe of the works of the artist Salvador Dalí and is located on the Downtown St. Petersburg waterfront by 5th Avenue Southeast Bay Shore Drive and Dan Wheldon Way. On April 18 2012 the AIA's Florida Chapter placed the building on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years. 100 Places as the Dali Museum.
 Trzciągowo [tʂt͡ɕɔnˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyzdroje within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Międzyzdroje 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Kamień Pomorski and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany and the place was called Stengow. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 St. Peter's Umbrella (Hungarian: Szent Péter esernyöje) is a 1935 Hungarian drama film directed by Géza von Cziffra and starring Marica Gervai Lajos Básti and Pál Kalmár. It was based on the 1895 novel St. Peter's Umbrella by Kálmán Mikszáth which had previously been adapted into a silent film in 1917.
 Stary Barkoczyn [ˈstarɨ barˈkɔt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Nowa Karczma 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Kościerzyna and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 181.
 Juan Gabriel is the self-titled studio album written produced and performed by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel on Fonovisa Records label. After seven years of a studio album it was released on May 4 2010. On this album there are 11 tracks 5 of which have never been recorded and the remaining 6 tracks are songs that have been interpreted by other singers but had never been recorded by the singer-songwriter.
 The Valvelspitze (Italian: Punta Valbella) is a mountain in the Planeil group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Carroll County Courthouse is located in Carrollton Ohio and is the second for the county. It was designed by architect Frank Weary in the Second Empire style. The courthouse was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on 1974-10-22.
 Masks and Faces is a 1917 British silent biographical film directed by Fred Paul and starring Johnston Forbes-Robertson Irene Vanbrugh and Henry S. Irving. The film depicts episodes from the life of the eighteenth-century Irish actress Peg Woffington. It is based on the 1852 novel Masks and Faces by Charles Reade.
 The Best of Farmer's Daughter is the greatest hits album by Canadian country music group Farmer's Daughter and was released in 1999 by Universal Music Canada.
 The Purcari River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Mesocondyla is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Goshen Historic District is a historic district and the town center village of Goshen Connecticut. Historic buildings in the district include examples of Greek Revival Federal and Victorian architecture from as early as 1760.
 hocc² is the second Cantopop album by Denise Ho released by EMI in 2002.
 Athletica is a 1997 EP by Takako Minekawa.
 Moon on a Rainbow Shawl is a 1957 play written by Trinidadian actor-playwright Errol John. Described as “ground-breaking” and “a breakthrough in Britain for black writing” the play has been produced and revived worldwide since its premiere at London's Royal Court Theatre.
 Watch Croft is a prominent hill 252 metres (827 ft) high overlooking the north coast of the county of Cornwall England. Its prominence of 225 metres qualifies it as a Marilyn one of only five in Cornwall. The others are Brown Willy (420 m) Kit Hill (334 m) Hensbarrow Beacon (312 m) and Carnmenellis (252 m).
 The Vișa River (German: Weißbach) is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Betty Reed (born on May 5 1941) is a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 61st District which includes downtown Tampa in northern Hillsborough County since 2012.
 Adoxophyes cyrtosema is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Tonga and the New Hebrides.
 Panabaka Lakshmi (born 6 October 1958) is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. She represents the Bapatla constituency of Andhra Pradesh and is a member of the Indian National Congress.
 Mean Streak is the fifth studio album by American hard rock/heavy metal band Y&T released in 1983 through A&M Records.
 Edge of Dark Water is a murder/mystery novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It was published by Mulholland Books in March 2012. A limited edition has been issued by British publisher PS Publications. It was recognized as a Booklist Editors' Choice: Adult Books for Young Adults by the American Library Association.
 RajamanikAyam (Malayalam: രാജമാണിക്യം is a 2005 Malayalam film the directorial debut of Anwar Rasheed written by T. A. Shahid and starring Mammootty in the title role.The star cast included Rahman Manoj K Jayan Cochin Haneefa Ranjith Salim Kumar Saikumar Bheeman Raghu Sindhu Menon and Padmapriya. The music is composed by Alex Paul with lyrics by Gireesh Puthenchery. The film was produced by Siraj Valiyaveettil under the banner of Valiyaveettil Movie International.
 9-9-9: An Army of Davids was written by Herman Cain and Rich Lowrie. The text released on May 1 2012 details the 9-9-9 Plan and traces its history along with Cain and other politicians promotion of the tax policy during the United States presidential election 2012. The text also advocates for the gold standard.
 David Parks is an American politician from Las Vegas Nevada. A Democrat he is a member of the Nevada Senate representing the state's 7th district in Clark County. He was elected to the Senate in November 2008 prior to which he had served in the Nevada Assembly since 1996.
 Kalateh-ye Bazargan (Persian: كلاته بازرگان‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Bāzargān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jonathan Paul Le Tocq is a church minister musician and politician based on the island of Guernsey British Channel Islands. He is Senior Pastor of Church on the Rock(formerly the King's Church)[citation needed] which is a Newfrontiers Church[citation needed]; Le Tocq was instrumental in founding this church in the 1980s being formed from a youth group to which he belonged.[citation needed]
 Not Saying/Just Saying is the debut album from indie dance band Shout Out Out Out Out. It was released in Canada on July 26 2006 on Nrmls Wlcm Records.The album's cover art was designed by Chad VanGaalen.
 Puthige is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Mangalore taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
 The New Street Works were built for the Marconi Company in Chelmsford England in 1912 credited as being the first purpose-built radio factory in the world.
 Songs from the Guild was a short release featuring outtakes from the first three Collections from the Guild by the band Caedmon's Call.
 Halliku is a village in Saare Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia. As of 2011 the population of the village was 56.
 Kond Sofla (Persian: كندسفلي‎ also Romanized as Kond Soflá; also known as Kond-e Pā’īn and Kand-e Pā’īn) is a village in Lavasan-e Kuchak Rural District Lavasanat District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 30 families.
 Philippe Muyters (born 6 December 1961) is a Flemish politician and is a member of the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA).Muyters was born in Antwerp. From 2000 until 2009 he was the Managing Director of VOKA (Flemish Chamber of Commerce and Industry). In 2009 he joined the Flemish Government where he is the Flemish Minister for Finance Budget Work Town and Country Planning and Sports. After the general elections of 2010 he was elected as a Senator.
 The Best Of Johnny Farnham is the first compilation album by Australian singer Johnny Farnham it was released on World Record Club in 1971. Sadie (The Cleaning Lady) was first released in November 1967 and peaked at #1 on the Go-Set National Singles Charts for five weeks early in 1968. His cover of the B. J. Thomas hit Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head had been released in November 1969 and peaked at #1 for seven weeks in January–March 1970.
 The Girlie Show: Live Down Under is a video album by American singer-songwriter Madonna. It was released by Warner Music Vision Warner Reprise Video and Maverick Records on April 25 1994 and included a date filmed at Sydney Cricket Ground on November 19 1993 from The Girlie Show World Tour. The video was originally broadcast as a TV special on HBO in 1993 under the title Madonna Live Down Under: The Girlie Show.
 Southern Lights is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in October 2009. The book is Steel's seventy-ninth novel.
 Au bout de la route is the first studio album recorded by French singer and songwriter Atlan. It was released on 2006 and achieved great success.[citation needed]
 The U.S. Ski and Snowboard Hall of Fame and Museum is located in the City of Ishpeming in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan the birthplace of organized skiing in the United States. Along with housing the Hall of Fame and Museum the building includes a theater library gift shop offices and ample storage space for archive material and collections.
 11:14 is a 2003 American indie thriller written and directed by Greg Marcks starring Rachael Leigh Cook Henry Thomas Shawn Hatosy Stark Sands Colin Hanks Ben Foster Barbara Hershey Clark Gregg Patrick Swayze and Hilary Swank.The film premiered at various showings at an unusual time ending the screening exactly at 11:14 PM.
 Midnight in Death (1998) is a novella by J.D. Robb. It is the first In Death novella along with the shortest. It takes place between Holiday in Death and Conspiracy in Death.
 Jdeidat Yabous (Arabic: جديدة يابوس‎; also spelled Jdeidet Yabous) previously known as Ainkania is a village situated 45 kilometres (28 mi) west of Damascus Syria.According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics the village had a population of 994 in the 2004 census.The village sits in the hills on the border between Syria and Lebanon where a checkpoint is operated between the two countries.
 The Simsbury Bank and Trust Company Building also known as Town Hall Building in Simsbury Connecticut was built in 1917. Its designer was Smith & Bassette. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The State Tower Building is a high-rise building located in Syracuse New York. Completed in 1928 the building remains the highest in Syracuse to date. It has 23 floors and rises 95.4 meters (312 feet) into the air. The building was designed as a large office building with the first 10 floors being large and the top floors being setback and smaller such that one entity might occupy an entire floor. On the roof of the tenth floor was a deck on which there was a full-service restaurant.
 Achryson lineolatum is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Erichson in 1847. It is known from Ecuador Peru Bolivia Chile and the Galapagos Islands.
 Dark Matter is an anthology series of science fiction fantasy and horror stories and essays produced by people of African descent. The editor of the series is Sheree Thomas. The first book in the series Dark Matter: A Century of Speculative Fiction from the African Diaspora (2000) won the 2001 World Fantasy Award for Best Anthology. The second book in the Dark Matter series Dark Matter: Reading the Bones (2004) won the World Fantasy Award for Best Anthology in 2005.
 Take Me Back to Oklahoma is a 1940 American film directed by Albert Herman.
 Horace Greeley (February 3 1811 – November 29 1872) was an American newspaper editor a founder of the Liberal Republican Party a reformer a politician and an outspoken opponent of slavery. The New York Tribune (which he founded and edited) was the most influential U.S.
 Granówko [ɡraˈnufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Granowo within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Granowo 14 km (9 mi) east of Grodzisk Wielkopolski and 34 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.An old mansion is located there currently being renovated.
 American Job is a 1996 independent film directed by Chris Smith.
 Leonards Pond also known as Leonard's Pond is a 54-acre (220000 m2) pond in Rochester Massachusetts. The pond is located west of Mary's Pond. The confluence of the west and east branches of the Sippican River is at this pond and the Sippican River continues as the outflow.
 The Angolan Epauletted Fruit Bat (Epomophorus angolensis) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in Angola and Namibia. Its natural habitats are dry savanna and moist savanna. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dancemania 2 is the second set in the Dancemania series of dance music compilation albums released in 1996 by EMI Music Japan.The megamix album was mixed by Bob Salton a popular DJ from Italy and debuted at #11 on Oricon's weekly album chart in July 1996.
 The Mitaciul Mic River is a headwater of the Mitaciul River in Romania.
 Aghuz Koti (Persian: اغوزكتي‎ also Romanized as Āghūz Kotī and Āghūzkatī; also known as Āghūzkī-ye Bālā) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 8 families.
 The Black Hills Pioneer (first published as the Black Hills Weekly Pioneer) is a newspaper published in Spearfish South Dakota. Founded by A. W. Merrick and W. A. Laughlin it was the first newspaper in Deadwood located in what was then Dakota Territory.Merrick and the Black Hills Weekly Pioneer are portrayed in the HBO television series Deadwood.
 The Plavișevița River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 San Felipe de Neri Church is a historic Catholic church located on the north side of Old Town Plaza in Albuquerque New Mexico. Built in 1793 it is one of the oldest surviving buildings in the city. Originally Don Francisco Cuervo y Valdez named the church San Francisco Xavier after the Viceroy of New Spain. Shortly afterward The Duke of Albuquerque changed the name to San Felipe after the King Philip of Spain.
 First Presbyterian Church Complex also known as United Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Cortland in Cortland County New York. It was built in 1889-1890 and is a solid massed masonry building consisting of a central hip-roofed main block fronted by steeply pitched gable projections. Major additions to the original church were completed in 1922 and 1958. The church features a stout multi stage bell tower with a tall steeple and prominent cross on the spire.
 The Beastmaster is a 1982 fantasy film directed by Don Coscarelli and starring Marc Singer Tanya Roberts John Amos and Rip Torn. The film was marketed with the tagline Born with the courage of an eagle the strength of a black tiger and the power of a god.
 Lake James is a large reservoir in the mountains of Western North Carolina which straddles the border between Burke and McDowell Counties. It is named for tobacco tycoon and benefactor of Duke University James Buchanan Duke. The lake lies behind a series of 4 earthen dams. It was created by Duke Power between 1916-1923 as a hydro-electric project. It still generates power today and is the uppermost lake on the Catawba River system.
 Lago Sfundau is a lake in Ticino Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.129 km².
 Kardia is the 2006 debut feature film of director Su Rynard. It weaves fable fiction science and metaphor to tell the story of Hope a pathologist who embarks on an unusual journey of reconciliation. Hope discovers that the experimental heart operation she underwent as a child has mysteriously linked her life with another.
 Ekstra Bladet (Danish pronunciation: [ˈɛɡsdʁɐˌblæˀð]) is a Danish tabloid newspaper focusing on sensationalist news and political revelations. stories. It gets a share of its income from sex ads. Since 1979 it has always had a partly or completely naked woman on page nine which is referred to as Side 9 Pigen (The Page 9 Girl) a Danish equivalent of the Page 3 girl in the United Kingdom.
 Pygospila tyres is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in the rainforests of south-east Asia including Hong Kong India Thailand and Queensland in Australia.
 The Kruger House (or C.B. White House) is a historic building located at 10292 Donner Pass Road in Truckee Nevada County northern California.The mansion was built in 1874 by W. H. Kruger who was then a partner in the Truckee Lumber Company. It was originally designed as a single family residence in the Queen Anne Eastlake Victorian style.
 Lake Moro is a lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy.
 Moseka is a 1971 documentary film.
 Avane Nanna Ganda (Kannada: ಅವನೇ ನನ್ನ ಗಂಡ) is a 1989 Kannada film starring Kashinath and Sudharani in the lead roles. The film was directed by S. Umesh and K. Prabhakar for Vijay Films banner.Most of the film's cast and crew reprises from the 1988 film Avale Nanna Hendthi.
 Steel Fist Riku (拳鋼少女リク Kenkō Shōjo Riku) is a martial arts manga written and illustrated by Jyutaroh Nishino. CMX has released an English version of the manga in the United States Canada and the United Kingdom.
 Jim Letten was U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Louisiana. On December 6 2012 Letten announced his resignation from his position as U.S. Attorney effective December 11 2012. He was the longest-serving U.S. Attorney in the country holding the position for more than 11 years. In February 2013 Tulane University School of Law hired Letten as an assistant dean to the college.
 Count Kuno von Klebelsberg (13 November 1875 Pécska – 12 October 1932) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of the Interior and Minister of Culture of the Kingdom of Hungary between the two world wars.Klebelsberg was born in Magyarpécska Austria-Hungary (today Pecica Arad County Romania).
 Dr. Mukul M. Sangma (born 20 April 1965) is an Indian politician and a leader of the Indian National Congress party in Meghalaya state. He is the current Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
 Hassan Abu Basha (2 December 1922 – 18 September 2005) was a major general and one of the former interior ministers of Egypt who was in office for two years from January 1982 to July 1984.
 Alice Mak Mei-kuen (Chinese: 麥美娟 born 1971) is a member of Legislative Council of Hong Kong for the New Territories West constituency for the Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions. She graduated from Department of English of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. She has been a member of the Kwai Tsing District Council since 1993 currently representing the Wai Ying constituency. Mak was handpicked by Wong Kwok-hing to run in the Hong Kong legislative election 2012.
 The Enemy (Turkish: Düşman) is a 1979 Turkish drama film written produced and co-directed by Yılmaz Güney with Zeki Ökten during Güney's second imprisonment featuring Aytaç Arman as Ismail an overqualified young Turkish worker who unable to find employment is reduced to poisoning the local stray dogs and begging his father for part of his inheritance.
 The Inheritors: An Extravagant Story (1901) is a quasi-science fiction novel on which Ford Madox Ford and Joseph Conrad collaborated. It looks at society's mental evolution and what is gained and lost in the process. Written before the first World War its themes of corruption and the effect of the 20th Century on British aristocracy appeared to predict history.
 Eulimidae is a family of very small parasitic sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Eulimoidea.These small parasitic snails live on (or in some cases in) the bodies of echinoderms such as sea cucumbers sea urchins sea stars etc. The snails have a proboscis which they extend into their host's body cavity in order to feed.
 Monte Calvario is a mountain of Basilicata Italy. It is 777 metres high.
 Youngblood is an album by the jazz drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1992 and released on the Enja label.
 Mazraeh-ye Chengi Zard Chin (Persian: مزرعه چنگيزاردچين‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Chengī Zārd Chīn) is a village in Kamin Rural District in the Central District of Pasargad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 All Together Now released in 1972 was the third album recorded by British rock band Argent. It was Argent's first hit album and features their most successful single Hold Your Head Up which reached number five in both the U.K. and U.S. singles charts.
 The Diary of Winter is an EP released by Faith Assembly in 1991.
 Elly de Groen-Kouwenhoven (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɛli də ˈɣrun ˈkʌu.ə(n).ˌɦoː.və(n)]) (born 23 December 1949 in The Hague as Elly Kouwenhoven and now generally known as Els de Groen) is a Dutch author and politician who served as a Member of the European Parliament 2004–2009. She was a member of Europe Transparent which sat with the Greens/EFA party group.
 Orłowicze [ɔrwɔˈvit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sokółka and 45 km (28 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Dark Victory is a 1939 American drama film directed by Edmund Goulding and starring Bette Davis George Brent Humphrey Bogart Geraldine Fitzgerald and Ronald Reagan. The screenplay by Casey Robinson was based on the unsuccessful 1934 play of the same title by George Brewer and Bertram Bloch.
 Zieskensee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 46 m its surface area is 0.172 km².
 The Brandon Village Hall and Library is located in Brandon Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Thomas Hale Sill (October 11 1783 – February 7 1856) was a Jacksonian and National Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.Thomas Hale Sill was born in Windsor Connecticut. He graduated from Brown University in Providence Rhode Island in 1804 after beginning his college studies at Williams College in 1799. He studied law was admitted to the bar in 1809 and commenced practice in Lebanon Ohio.
 Himo is a village in the Makuyuni ward of Kilimanjaro Region in Tanzania.
 Will is a historical fiction novel by Christopher Rush published in 2007. It is told from the perspective of William Shakespeare as he writes his will. The book's film right were sold to Ben Kingsley's SBK pictures in 2007.
 L.A. Takedown is a crime/thriller made for TV movie that aired on NBC on August 27 1989 at 9 pm. It was written and directed by Michael Mann and its ensemble cast includes Scott Plank Alex McArthur Michael Rooker Daniel Baldwin and Xander Berkeley. Takedown starred Plank as Det. Vincent Hanna and McArthur as Patrick McLaren. It was released on home video as a region 2 DVD.
 Palacete dos Viscondes de Balsemão is a historic palace in Porto Portugal done in Portuguese Northern Baroque style.
 Grušča (Cyrillic: Грушча) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 David Lust is an American politician and a Republican member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 34 since January 2007.
 Rezaabad-e Shomsai (Persian: رضاابادشمسائي‎ also Romanized as Reẕāābād-e Shomsā’ī; also known as Reẕāābād) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Secret Wars is a 2004 album by Oneida.
 The Women is a comedy of manners by Clare Boothe Luce.The play is an acerbic commentary on the pampered lives and power struggles of various wealthy Manhattan socialites and up-and-comers and the gossip that propels and damages their relationships. While men frequently are the subject of their lively discussions and play an important role in the action on-stage they are strictly characters mentioned but never seen.The original Broadway production directed by Robert B.
 Dennison is a village in Tuscarawas County Ohio United States. The population was 2655 at the 2010 census.
 Sinibrama wui is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinibrama.
 The Corn Crake Corncrake or Landrail (Crex crex) is a bird in the rail family. It breeds in Europe and Asia as far east as western China and migrates to Africa for the northern hemisphere's winter. It is a medium-sized crake with buff- or grey-streaked brownish-black upperparts chestnut markings on the wings and blue-grey underparts with rust-coloured and white bars on the flanks and undertail. The strong bill is flesh-toned the iris is pale brown and the legs and feet are pale grey.
 Gra de Fajol Petit is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2567 metres (8422 ft) above sea level.
 NeeEnte Lahari is a 1976 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by P. G. Viswambharan starring Kamal Haasan Jayachitra and Jayabharathi in lead roles.
 Francis Willoughby 5th Baron Willoughby of Parham (baptised 1614 – 23 July 1666) was an English peer of the House of Lords.He succeeded to the title 14 October 1617 on the death in infancy of his elder brother Henry Willoughby 4th Lord Willoughby of Parham.
 The Getaway is a 1994 crime thriller directed by Roger Donaldson. It is based on the Jim Thompson novel of the same name and is a remake of the 1972 film of the same name. The film stars Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger with Michael Madsen James Woods Philip Seymour Hoffman and Jennifer Tilly in supporting roles.
 Straight Ahead is a live album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded at the Keystone Korner in San Francisco in 1981 and released on the Concord Jazz label.
 The Morris House (also known as the Morris-Dresbach House) is a historic house in Circleville Ohio United States. Located on Union Street near the city's downtown it is an ornate Gothic Revival structure. A two-story structure built of brick and sandstone upon a stone foundation and covered with a slate roof it is divided into seven rooms.The house was built in 1865 for the family of Samuel Morris the president of the local Third National Bank.
 Eel Lake is large deep lake in a chain of water bodies along the Oregon Coast south of the Umpqua River in the United States. The chain includes other large lakes—Clear North Tenmile and Tenmile—as well as smaller lakes which drain into the Pacific Ocean via Tenmile Creek.Eel Lake is about 7 miles (11 km) south of Reedsport east of U.S. Route 101 and north of Lakeview. Steep slopes of the Oregon Coast Range border Eel Lake on the east. William M.
 Henrykowo [xɛnrɨˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Wesley Ashton Gordon PC (February 11 1884 – February 9 1943) was a Canadian politician.Born in Owen Sound Ontario he was a barrister before being elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the riding of Timiskaming South in 1930. He was defeated by Walter Little in 1935. From 1930 to 1932 he was the Minister of Immigration and Colonization. From 1930 to 1935 he was the Minister of Mines.
 Farmleigh is the official Irish State guest house. It was formerly one of the Dublin residences of the Guinness family. It is situated on an elevated position above the River Liffey to the north-west of the Phoenix Park. The estate of 78 acres (32 ha) consists of extensive private gardens with stands of mature cypress pine and oak trees a boating pond walled garden sunken garden out offices and a herd of rare native Kerry cattle.
 Smiling Can Backfire was the first release by band Pistol Youth released in 2007.To make the EP each member had to record their own parts of the song from where they were then send them back to Brad Carter in Los Angeles where they were finally put together. Following the release Carter invited the other members of Pistol Youth to come visit him in Los Angeles so they could finally meet each other and write music together in the same room.
 Back-Room Boy is a 1942 British comedy film directed by Herbert Mason and starring Arthur Askey Googie Withers Graham Moffatt and Moore Marriott. A man from the Met Office is sent to a lighthouse on a remote Scottish island to monitor the weather. He hopes to escape from women but soon finds the island overrun by them.
 Kolonia Stary Ratyniec [kɔˈlɔɲa ˈstarɨ raˈtɨɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Olive Finch (Arremon castaneiceps) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. Until recently it was placed in the genus Lysurus.
 Horacio Manuel Cartes Jara (born 5 July 1956) is a Paraguayan businessman and Paraguay's president elected as of the April 2013 elections since 15 August 2013. He is a member of the Colorado Party.Cartes owns about two dozen businesses in his Grupo Cartes conglomerate including tobacco soft drinks meat production and banking. He has been president of Club Libertad football club since 2001.
 The Heaven Makers (1968) is a science fiction novel written by Frank Herbert. It was originally serialized in Amazing Stories magazine in 1967.
 The Ballad of Little Jo is a 1993 American western film inspired by the true story of a society woman who tries to escape the stigma of bearing a child out of wedlock by going out to the West and living disguised as a man.
 We Are Born is the fifth studio album by Sia Furler. The album is more upbeat than her previous work which she partly attributes to her relationship with JD Samson as well as her childhood influences Cyndi Lauper and Madonna. The album was produced by Greg Kurstin and features guitar from The Strokes' guitarist Nick Valensi. The album's first single You've Changed was released in December 2009 and the second Clap Your Hands in April 2010.
 A Little Lumpen Novelita (Una novelita lumpen in Spanish) is a novel by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño. A translation from the Spanish by Natasha Wimmer is forthcoming from New Directions in September 2014.The book is divided into sixteen short chapters told in first person by the protagonist Bianca who recalls her childhood adolescence and early adulthood.Il Futuro a 2013 film directed by Alicia Scherson and starring Manuela Martelli and Rutger Hauer was based on this novel.
 The Backwater (共喰い Tomogui) is a 2013 Japanese drama film directed by Shinji Aoyama starring Masaki Suda. It is based on the Akutagawa Prize-winning novel by Shinya Tanaka and adopted by Haruhiko Arai. The film won the Best Director award from the Swiss critics' federation and the Best Film award from the Junior Jury's at the 2013 Locarno International Film Festival.
 Temple Building is a historic building at 149 Main Street in Marlborough Massachusetts.It was built in 1879 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Chericoke is a historic home and national historic district located near Falls in King William County Virginia. It was built by Carter Braxton (a signer of the Declaration of Independence) in 1767. Located several miles northwest of his family's estate of Elsing Green Chericoke served as Braxton's home from 1767 to 1786. When he died in 1797 Braxton was buried at Chericoke in the adjoining family cemetery. The structure was rebuilt in brick in the Federal style by his grandson Dr.
 Iberomorda is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Iberomorda sulcicauda (Mulsant 1856) Iberomorda viridipennis (Mulsant 1856)↑
 The Maule tuco-tuco (Ctenomys maulinus) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.It is found in Argentina and Chile.
 Ting (Persian: تينگ‎ also Romanized as Tīng; also known as Tīnk and Tīnk-e Bālā) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 31 families.
 Hilal Hilal Amin (Arabic: امين هلال هلال‎; born 1966) is a Syrian politician who is the current Assistant Regional Secretary of the Syrian Regional Branch and was the Party Secretary of the Branch Command of Aleppo in 2011. He served two terms as a member of the Aleppo party Branch Command.
 Sarojini Sahoo Stories is an anthology of stories by Indian feminist writer Sarojini Sahoo written originally in Oriya. The anthology was published in 2006 by the publisher Grassroots Kolkata Bhubaneswar India.
 Renkōji Temple (蓮光寺 Renkōji) is a Buddhist temple in Tokyo Japan. It is assumed to be the purported location of the ashes of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose Indian freedom-fighter which have been preserved since September 18 1945. The small well-preserved temple was established in 1594 inspired by the God of Wealth and Happiness. It belongs to the Nichiren sect of Buddhism that believes that human salvation lies only in the Lotus Sutra.
 The Admiral's House is located in the Nolan Park area of Governors Island in New York Harbor. Governors Island was a U.S. Army post alternately known as Fort Columbus and Fort Jay and headquarters from the 1870s until 1965 when the structure was known as the Commanding Officer's Quarters or Quarters 1. In 1966 the island became a U.S. Coast Guard base and headquarters for its Atlantic Area Command and the house obtained its more recent name.
 David S. Dave Hickernell is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 98th District and was elected in 2002. He currently sits on the House Agriculture and Rural Affairs Local Government and Transportation Committees.
 St Thomas the Martyr is a former Church of England parish church on St Thomas Street in the Redcliffe district of the English port city of Bristol.It has a 14th-century tower but the nave was rebuilt 1791–93 by James Allen.
 Henry Bond Fargo (August 29 1843 – December 1 1932) was an American politician and businessman who spent most of his professional career in Geneva Illinois. Born in New York Fargo first engaged in real estate dealings in Redwood Falls Minnesota. A Chicago real estate firm hired him in 1887 and Fargo moved to Geneva Illinois. There he developed local industry and served two terms as mayor. Fargo was elected to the Illinois House of Representatives in 1912.
 Rahal (Persian: رهال‎ also Romanized as Rahāl) is a village in Rahal Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 958 in 234 families.
 Francesco Giustiniano di Garibaldo was a politician and statesman who became doge of the Republic of Genoa. He was elected doge on July 16 1393 after his predecessor was forced to step down after only one day in office. Himself remained in office only two weeks until the exiled Montaldo family returned and Antoniotto di Montaldo was elected as the new doge.
 Gudia is a 1997 Indian drama film directed by Gautam Ghose. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
 Barloni is a village in Madha tehsil of Solapur district in state of Maharashtra.
 Gioia is a lunar crater that is located in the vicinity of the north pole of the Moon. It is named after the Italian inventor Flavio Gioia. As it lies so close to the northern limb it is view nearly from the edge making difficult to observe from the Earth. The crater is attached to the southern rim of the larger Byrd a formation with low walls. To the south-southeast is the crater Main.The rim of Gioia remains nearly circular but is worn and somewhat eroded.
 The Odense River (Danish: Odense Å) is a river located on the island of Funen in central Denmark. It is about 60 kilometers long and is named after the Funish capital Odense which it passes through. Boats can be rented by the river offering a scenic ride to Fruens Bøge. Excursion boats offer rides to Carlslund with jazz music some Saturdays during the Summer.During the Viking Age the fortress Nonnebakken ensured its controller supremacy over the river.
 Darreh Seydi (Persian: دره صيدي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Şeydī and Darreh Şeyydī) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 469 in 131 families.
 Lovin and Withers Cottages are a complex of five Bungalow/Craftsman style cottages located in Kingman Arizona. The cottages are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 21st Century is the ninth album of Blue System. Was published in 1994 by BMG Ariola and produced by Dieter Bohlen.The album contains 12 new tracks.
 The Two Rivers is a 7.0-mile-long (11.3 km) river in Kittson County northwestern Minnesota in the United States. Formed by the North Branch of the Two Rivers and the South Branch of the Two Rivers it is a tributary of the Red River of the North with its outflow traveling north through Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River to Hudson Bay.The North Branch flows 61.4 miles (98.8 km) from a point 8 miles (13 km) east of Lancaster Minnesota to its confluence with the South Branch.
 Ambrose Lee Siu-kwong (Chinese: 李少光) IDSM JP was Secretary for Security of Hong Kong and a member of the Executive Council. He was appointed to his post on 4 August 2003 replacing Regina Ip
 The Classroom of Terror also known as Violent Classroom (暴力教室 Bōryoku kyōshitsu) is a 1976 Japanese film directed by Akihisa Okamoto (岡本明久). It was Hiroshi Tachi's first starring role.
 Rock & Roll Machine was the second album by Canadian hard rock band Triumph released in 1977. The album was released on RCA Records in the US in 1978 and again on MCA Records (MCA-1455) in 1980. The album resulted in the band's first hit single a cover version of Joe Walsh's Rocky Mountain Way. Depending on the country of issue the album may also be named Rock and Roll Machine or Rock 'N' Roll Machine.
 Anthropodyptes is a poorly known monotypic genus of extinct penguin. It contains the single species Anthropodyptes gilli known from a Middle Miocene humerus from Australia. The bone is somewhat similar to those found in members of the New Zealand genus Archaeospheniscus and thus this genus might like them belong to the subfamily Palaeeudyptinae.
 2 Days or Die is an album that was released on February 12 2005 by Atlas Plug. The album was originally released only as a digital release (MP3) and later on CD.The album was mostly overlooked by mainstream reviewers although it did receive some positive coverage.
 Kawaloor is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Knogl is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Rajićke (Cyrillic: Рајићке) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Adam Silver (born April 25 1962) is an American lawyer and the commissioner of the National Basketball Association. He has held this post since February 1 2014. On October 25 2012 he was endorsed by David Stern to be the next NBA Commissioner when Stern announced that he would step down as of February 1 2014.
 Arthur Dickinson Norcross was an American musician and politician who served in the both branches of the Massachusetts Legislature. He was a first cousin of poet Emily Dickinson.
 Naming and Necessity is a book by the philosopher Saul Kripke that was first published in 1980 and deals with the debates of proper nouns in the philosophy of language. The book is based on a transcript of three lectures given at Princeton University in 1970. The transcript was brought out originally in 1971 in The Semantics of Natural Language edited by Donald Davidson and Gilbert Harman.
 The Călțunu River is a tributary of the Valea Vladului River in Romania.
 The Toarcla River is a tributary of the Pârâul Nou in Romania.
 Buck Hill is a hill in east-central British Columbia Canada located 17 km (10.6 mi) north of Clearwater. It rises from the west slope of Trophy Mountain. Buck Hill is just outside the boundary of Wells Gray Provincial Park.
 Guvna is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Happy Heroes is a E.P. by sound collage and experimental musical group Negativland.
 The Inishowen Independent is a local newspaper in County Donegal Ireland. The paper was launced in March 2007 and is printed on a Thursday. The paper covers the Inishowen peninsula area in the north of the county and competes against the Inish Times and the Inishowen edition of the Derry Journal. The paper is the only paper on the peninsula that is '100% Inishowen owned'.
 Chah Bahar (Persian: چاه بهار‎ also Romanized as Chāh Bahār; also known as Chāh Bār Chāh-i-Bār Shāh Bāghī and Shāhīār) is a village in Mofatteh Rural District in the Central District of Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Malti Devi (August 5 1968 – September 6 1999) was a political and social worker and a Member of Parliament elected from the Nawada constituency in the Indian state of Bihar being a Rashtriya Janata Dal candidate.
 Margh (Persian: مرغ‎ also Romanized as Morgh; also known as Marq) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District in the Central District of Golpayegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 17 families.
 The Norfolk Regional Center is a psychiatric hospital located in Norfolk Nebraska. It is one of three regional centers operated by the Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services.The Norfolk center commenced operations in 1888 as the State Hospital for the Insane. At its peak it housed over 1300 patients. It currently functions as a 120-bed facility for the initial treatment of sex offenders.
 The Blaeberry River is a tributary of the Columbia River in the Columbia Country of British Columbia Canada rising in the Canadian Rockies on the south side of Howse Pass and joining the Columbia midway between the town of Golden at the confluence of the Kicking Horse River and the east foot of the Rogers Pass at the head of Kinbasket Lake and the mouth of the Beaver River.
 The Taylor River is a river in King County in Washington.
 The Nedeiu River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Steet is a mountain in the mountain range of Rondane in Oppland Norway.
 The Price is a 1924 Australian silent film made with a largely amateur cast under the direction of Dunstan Webb. It is considered a lost film.
 Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy (English IPA: ɦusæŋ ʃɑid sɦuɾɑwɑɾdɪə; Bengali: হোসেন শহীদ সোহ্‌রাওয়ার্দী; Urdu: حسین شہید سہروردی‎; September 8 1892 - December 5 1963 Beirut) was an eminent Bengali liberal democrat and statesman during the first half of the twentieth century.
 The Hiram M. Chittenden Locks is a complex of locks that sits at the west end of Salmon Bay part of Seattle Washington's Lake Washington Ship Canal. They are known locally as the Ballard Locks after the neighborhood to the north.
 Jonathas' Forest (Portuguese: A Floresta de Jonathas) is a 2012 Brazilian drama film written and directed by Sergio Andrade.The film premiered at the Festival do Rio where participated in the competitive exhibition of Première Brazil.
 Carolina Hall is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1832 in a Federal style and later altered to a Greek Revival style. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 18 1973.
 Sri Anjaneyam(Telugu: శ్రీ ఆంజనేయం) is a Telugu film directed and produced by Krishna Vamsi. It stars Nitin Charmme Kaur Arjun Sarja in the lead roles. Prakash Raj and Ramya Krishna play supporting roles. This film has been dubbed in Tamil as Hanumaan.It is also dubbed in Hindi as My Boss Bajarangbali and remade in Oriya as Chhati Chiri dele tu directed by S.K.Muralidharan starring Anubhav Mohanty & Sidhant Mohapatra.
 Atractomorpha is a genus in the Pyrgomorphidae a family of grasshoppers.
 Molde Cathedral (Norwegian: Molde domkyrkje) is the cathedral of the Diocese of Møre of the Church of Norway. The cathedral is located in the town of Molde in Molde Municipality Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The church is part of the Molde parish and the seat of the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre. Designed by Finn Bryn it was completed in 1957 as the third church to be located at the spot. It became a cathedral in 1983 when the Diocese of Møre was created.
 La Gorda is a 1966 Argentine film.
 Mulata de tal is a novel by Nobel Prize-winning novelist Miguel Ángel Asturias.Asturias published his novel Mulata de tal while he and his wife were living in Genoa in 1963. His novel received many positive reviews; Ideologies and Literature described it as a carnival incarnated in the novel. It represents a collision between Mayan Mardi Gras and Hispanic baroque. The novel emerged as a major novel during the 1960s.
 Pseudorhombus is a genus of large-tooth flounders native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 L'Opinion is a daily francophone Moroccan newspaper.
 Como un Campo de Maíz (Like a Cornfield) is an album released by Cuban singer-songwriter Pablo Milanés in September 25 2005. The album earned Milanés a Latin Grammy Award for Best Singer-Songwriter Album.
 Mount Lantoy is a 593-meter (1945 feet) mountain located 10 kilometers inland from the municipality of Argao Cebu in the Philippines.
 Margrietus Johannes (Max) van den Berg (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈmɑr.ˌɣri.tʏs ˈjoː.ˌɦɑ.nəs (ˈmɑks) vɐn dən ˈbɛrx]) (born March 22 1946) is a Dutch politician and member of the Dutch Labour Party. From 1979 to 1986 he was the chairperson of that party and from 1999 to 2007 he was a Member of the European Parliament. Since 2007 he has been the Queen's Commissioner in Groningen.
 We Three Kings is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show which was first released in December 1992. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during their daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.
 Bernard E. Wilmoth House is a historic home located at Belington Barbour County West Virginia. It was built in 1911-1913 and is a 2 1/2 story Queen Anne style house. It is built of speckled tan-colored bricks. It features a variety of window styles and a large verandah on one and one half sides of the house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Baby in the Manger is a children's book written by Lemony Snicket and illustrated by Lisa Brown.
 Noctambulant is the second album by the Swedish death metal band Spawn of Possession. It was released on July 4 2006.
 Juliette Marny (foaled 1972) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the classic Epsom Oaks in 1975. After being beaten in both her races as a two-year-old and disqualified on her three-year-old debut the filly won the Lingfield Oaks Trial the Oaks Stakes and Irish Oaks before her career was ended by injury in the Yorkshire Oaks. She was then retired to stud where she had some success as a broodmare.
 Neskollen is a village in Nes municipality Norway located a few kilometres northwest of the urban area Årnes. Its population is 1126 of which 7 people live within the border of the neighboring municipality Ullensaker.
 Philadelphia Weekly (PW) is an alternative newspaper in Philadelphia Pennsylvania published every Wednesday.The paper was founded in 1971 as The Welcomat a sister publication to the South Philadelphia Press. In 1995 the paper became Philadelphia Weekly. The paper features stories on local and national politics as well extensive coverage of the arts - music film theater and the visual arts.
 Spiderhole is a 2010 horror film written and directed by Daniel Simpson. The film is Simpson's feature film directorial debut and is distributed by IFC.
 Girl vs. Monster is a 2012 Disney Channel Original Movie that premiered on October 12 2012. The film stars Olivia Holt as Skylar a teenage girl who discovers on the eve of Halloween that she is a fifth generation monster hunter. Before she can practice the family tradition the monsters will try to stop her. The film was directed by Stuart Gillard and produced by Tracey Jeffrey. A promo for the film first aired on August 17 2012 during the premiere of Shake It Up: Made In Japan.
 James David Stewart (January 15 1874 – October 10 1933) was a Prince Edward Island educator lawyer and politician the province's 15th Premier.Born in Lower Montague and educated at Prince of Wales College and Dalhousie University he taught school in Georgetown for several years before entering the legal profession.In 1917 the Conservative Party recruited Stewart then a young lawyer to be the party's candidate in a by-election in King's County.
 Stop the Pounding Heart is a 2013 drama film written and directed by Roberto Minervini. It is a co-production between the United States Italy and France and had a special screening at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Mohammadabad Khvajeh (Persian: محمدابادخواجه‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād Khvājeh; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Ningu (Labeo victorianus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Burundi Kenya Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are rivers swamps freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and inland deltas.
 The Cathedral Church of Saint Mirin in Paisley dedicated to Saint Mirin the patron saint of Paisley is the mother church of the Catholic Diocese of Paisley and is the seat of the Bishop of Paisley.
 Chala Murari Hero Banne is a 1977 Bollywood comedy film directed by and starring G. Asrani.
 Sinotympana incomparabilis is a new species of cicada from southern China that was discovered among a group of unidentified specimens in the Institut Royal des Sciences Naturelles de Belgique in Brussels. It is the only species in the genus Sinotympana.
 St. Clare Hospital is a hospital in Lakewood Washington United States provides inpatient and outpatient medical services including 24-hour emergency care and treatment for sleep disorders. It is part of the Franciscan Health System based in Tacoma Washington.
 Alindar (Persian: علندر‎ also Romanized as ʿAlindar) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Going to Extremes is a non-fiction book by Joe McGinniss. It was first published in 1980. The book is about McGinniss' travels through Alaska for a year. The book became a best-seller.The Los Angeles Times called it a vivid memoir.McGinniss returned to the subject of Alaska in 2009 to write a biography about former Alaska governor Sarah Palin The Rogue: Searching for the Real Sarah Palin .
 Soğukçam is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 52 people.
 Howling VI: The Freaks is a 1991 direct-to-video horror sequel to The Howling. It was directed by Hope Perello from the screenplay by Kevin Rock.As with most of The Howling films it is only very loosely based on the novels by Gary Brandner and not a direct adaptation of any of them.
 Viscount Matsudaira Tadakazu (松平 忠和 September 14 1851 – June 8 1917) was the 8th and final daimyō of Shimabara Domain in Hizen Province Kyūshū Japan (modern-day Nagasaki Prefecture).
 Kanagal is a village in Mysore district Karnataka. It is the birthplace of Puttanna Kanagal.
 Professor Palmboom (literally translated as Professor Palm Tree) is a comic album series written and drawn by Dutch artist Dick Briel. They are illustrated in the ligne claire style. So far three albums have been released and one book. They follow the adventures of Professor Julius Palmboom.
 Żelazna Góra [ʐɛˈlazna ˈɡura] (German Eisenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Braniewo and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 394.
 Eumicrotremus is a genus of lumpfishes native to the northern oceans.
 This Year's Blonde is a 1980 low-budgeted American television drama film based on the Garson Kanin novel Moviola about 1950s sex symbol Marilyn Monroe. The movie starred Constance Forslund as Monroe Lloyd Bridges as Johnny Hyde and Norman Fell and was presented as part of a 3-night TV special event on NBC called Moviola: A Hollywood Saga.This Year's Blonde was the first of two TV movies about Monroe in 1980.
 Father to Be (Swedish: Jag är med barn) is a 1979 Swedish film directed by Lasse Hallström.
 Zurab Adeishvili (Georgian: ზურაბ ადეიშვილი) (born July 27 1972) is a Georgian lawyer and politician serving as the Minister of Justice of Georgia from November 2008 to October 2012.
 Advances in Mass Spectrometry is a series of books based on contributions to the triennial International Mass Spectrometry Conference (IMSC). It is the oldest continuous series of publications in mass spectrometry.
 When Lincoln Paid (1913) is a silent film written by William Clifford and directed by Francis Ford who also appears in the film as Abraham Lincoln.
 Twins of Evil is a 1971 horror film by Hammer Film Productions starring Peter Cushing with Damien Thomas and the real-life twins and former Playboy Playmates Mary and Madeleine Collinson.It is the third film of The Karnstein Trilogy based on the vampire tale Carmilla by Sheridan Le Fanu. The film has the least resemblance to the novel and adds a witchfinding theme to the vampire story.
 Bekhsimle is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1210 and had 228 houses in it.
 Mary Katherine Jaynes Shell previously Mary Hosking usually known as Mary K. Shell (born February 9 1927) is the first woman to have served as mayor of Bakersfield California (1981–1985) and only the second woman to have served on the Kern County Board of Supervisors (1985–1997). At the time of her retirement from public office Shell was termed by the Bakersfield Californian as the most popular politician in Kern County history. She is the widow of Joseph C. Shell Sr.
 Karka Kasadara is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2005.
 Broszkowice [brɔʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oświęcim within Oświęcim County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north of Oświęcim and 51 km (32 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 595.
 Al Día is a Spanish language newspaper that serves the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex. It is published by A. H. Belo and is the Spanish language counterpart to The Dallas Morning News. It has its headquarters in Downtown Dallas.
 The Parnassiini are a tribe of swallowtail butterflies. The tribe is thought to consist of two genera: Hypermnestra Parnassius
 Wager Bay (previously: Wager River) is long narrow inlet in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada which opens east into Roes Welcome Sound at the northwest end of Hudson Bay. Ukkusiksalik National Park surrounds it.Wager Bay was first charted by Christopher Middleton during his Arctic explorations of 1742. He named it after Sir Charles Wager and was trapped in the bay for three weeks until the ice cleared in Roes Welcome Sound. In 1747 William Moor sent boat parties to the head of the bay.
 Kinatay (English: Butchered) is a 2009 Filipino independent drama film directed by Brillante Mendoza and stars Coco Martin as a criminology student who accidentally joined a syndicate to make enough money for his family. The film competed in the main competition at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival. It is the second film of Mendoza to make it to Cannes the first one is Serbis (2008)This film was included in the 2009 Cinemalaya Film Festival.
 Murder with Music is a 1941 American film directed by George P. Quigley.The film is also known as Mistaken Identity (American video title).
 Chollangipeta (Telugu: చొల్లంగిపేట) is a village in Denkada Mandal of Vizianagaram district Andhra Pradesh India.
 Bedford Baptist Church (also known as Old Bedford Baptist Church; Bedford Community Building) is a historic church at 750 Broadway Avenue in Bedford Ohio.It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register in 2002.
 Ab Insaf Hoga is a 1995 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Harish Shah starring Mithun Chakraborty Rekha Rohini Hattangadi Farooq Shaikh and Prem Chopra
 Pom Pom: The Essential Cibo Matto is a collection of Cibo Matto material from 1995 to 1999.
 360 was an Xbox 360 video games magazine published by Imagine Publishing in the UK. Originally published four-weekly the magazine switched to a three-weekly schedule in 2009.The magazine was withdrawn from sale following its merger with sister publication X360 in July 2012.
 Jane E. Norton (born Jane Ellen Bergman October 12 1954) was the 46th Lieutenant Governor of the State of Colorado and an unsuccessful candidate for the Republican nomination to challenge U.S. Senator Michael Bennet in the 2010 election. She lost the nomination to current Weld County District Attorney and Tea Party favorite Ken Buck.
 Aenictus ceylonicus is a species of reddish brown army ant found in Southern India Sri Lanka Southeast Asia and Australia. They are completely blind and around 3 mm in length. These ants are seen foraging underneath leaf litter in forests and well-vegetated areas travelling in a trail of in three or more columns alongside each other in parts of India. Their antennae as in most species of Aenictus have ten segments. The scape is long and extends above the head.
 Anatoliy Volodymyrovych Peshko — is advisor to the Prime Minister of Ukraine Politician Candidate of Medicine Doctor of Economic Sciences Academician and Vice President of the Academy of Economic Sciences of Ukraine Founder of a number of commercial establishments “UkrInterComplex” “UkrComplexGroup” “UkrRosEnergy” “UkrInvestComplex” “Nadbuzhzhya plus” LLP.
 Alien Minds is a science fiction novel by author E. Everett Evans. It was first published in 1955 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 1417 copies. The book is a sequel to Man of Many Minds
 Argyresthia austerella is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in North America including Florida Texas Oklahoma Ohio Kentucky Illinois Missouri New Hampshire and Maryland.The wingspan is 8-9 mm. The forewings are white with striking dark-brown markings. The entire costal edge and apical part of the wing is mottled with dark brown in which theground colour appears as small dots and dashes especially in the apical part.
 The Nymphenburg Palace (German: Schloss Nymphenburg) i.e. Nymph's Castle is a Baroque palace in Munich Bavaria southern Germany. The palace was the main summer residence of the rulers of Bavaria of the House of Wittelsbach.
 Aulohalaelurus is a genus of catshark in the family Scyliorhinidae.
 Copelatus usagarensis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Zimmermann in 1926.
 Thomas Edison National Historical Park preserves Thomas Edison's laboratory and residence Glenmont in Llewellyn Park in West Orange New Jersey. For more than forty years the laboratory had a major impact on the lives of people worldwide.
 The Marsh Antwren (Stymphalornis acutirostris) also known as the Paraná Antwren is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. Traditionally included in the monotypic genus Stymphalornis but this genus should be merged into Formicivora. It is endemic to marshes and swamps in the Brazilian states of Paraná and Santa Catarina.
 B. Sriramulu (born 8 August 1971) is an Indian politician from the state of Karnataka. He is from the Independent Party . He is a member of the current Karnataka legislative assembly representing Bellary Rural Constituency. He was Health and Family Welfare minister in the Government of Karnataka till September 2011.
 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Adventures was a comic book series published from August 1988 to October 1995 by Archie Comics. It is mainly based on the stories of the mutant turtles Donatello Leonardo Michaelangelo Raphael and their rat sensei Splinter. It is set in a separate reality from other TMNT stories.The initial storylines were close adaptations of the TMNT 1987 TV series but by the fifth issue Eastman and Laird handed the series over to Ryan Brown and Stephen Murphy.
 Klęczany [klɛnˈt͡ʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów Małopolski within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Sędziszów Małopolski 12 km (7 mi) east of Ropczyce and 16 km (10 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1500.
 Qaleh-ye Asadabad (Persian: قلعه اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Qal’eh-ye As’adabad and Qal‘eh-ye As‘adābād; also known as As‘adābād and Asdābād) is a village in Deh Chal Rural District in the Central District of Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 18 families.
 Lackerbaueria is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Morning Star is the seventh full length album by Swedish metal band Entombed. It was released in January 2002. This Entombed album marked Entombed returning to their more death metal roots.
 Paretak is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina. It was the site of several skirmishes during the Bosnian War.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Crasna River. It originates in Romania near the village of Foieni crosses into Hungary north of Urziceni and finally joins the Crasna River.
 Eurycephaloplectrus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Spawn of Dysfunction is the debut album by Die So Fluid. It was recorded at Criterion Studios London in November 2003. It was released through the band's own label Cartesian Records Ltd in the United Kingdom in 2004. It was distributed by Cargo Records. The album was not released internationally until 2008 though. It was distributed by Renaissance Recordings in the USA & Universal Music Germany distributed it to several European countries.
 Pelochyta umbrata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Bolivia.
 Khalida Toumi (in Arabic خليدة تومي) (born 13 March 1958) aka Khalida Messaoudi (in Arabic خليدة مسعودي) is an Algerian politician. She is the Minister of Communication and Culture. She is also a feminist activist. She was born at Ain-Bessem Bouira in the north of Algeria.
 Budzień [ˈbud͡ʑeɲ] (formerly German Schutzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Stepnica 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Goleniów and 24 km (15 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 110.
 Advances in Space Research or (ASR) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published 27 times per year by Elsevier. It was established in 1981 and is the official journal of the Committee on Space Research (COSPAR). The editor-in-chief is J.
 Groznensky Rabochy was a Russian weekly newspaper based in Grozny Chechnya from 1917 to 1992 and from 1994 to 2001.
 Ché was an American stoner rock band founded by former Kyuss drummer Brant Bjork former Queens of the Stone Age drummer Alfredo Hernández and Unida bassist Dave Dinsmore. Ché released their only LP Sounds of Liberation in 2000.
 David A. Bennett (born April 8 1955) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing District 20 since January 2011.
 Rhyphelia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its only species R. variegata occurs in Venezuela and Brazil.
 The Răchițele River is a tributary of the Cavnic river in Romania.
 Rebellion (simplified Chinese: 同门; traditional Chinese: 同門) is an 2009 Hong Kong action/crime/thriller film directed by Herman Yau.
 Conus kuiperi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Boneh-ye Meskin (Persian: بنه مسكين‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Meskīn) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District Fath Olmobin District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 13 families.
 Henry Peter Zwar OBE (2 December 1873 – 12 January 1959) was an Australian liberal/conservative politician local government councillor local government head Member of Lower House and tannery owner.
 Tudor Arms Apartments is an historic building in Portland Oregon United States. The five-story building was completed in 1915. It has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1994.The nineteenth-century Tudor Revival/Jacobethan style architecture was designed by noted Portland architect Carl L. Linde. The exterior is brick with decorative white glazed terra cotta lintels. An archway bearing the building's name marks the entrance into a landscaped courtyard.
 The Smoakstack Sessions Vol. 2 is the third extended play (EP) by American recording artist Kelly Clarkson. It was released through RCA Records as a companion record with her first greatest hits album Greatest Hits – Chapter One on November 19 2012. Similar her debut EP The Smoakstack Sessions The Smoakstack Sessions Vol. 2 was recorded at the The Smoakstack recording studios in Nashville Tennessee.
 Hacıbahattin is a village in Aydıncık district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated on the road connecting Aydıncık to Gülnar. Distance to Aydıncık is 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) and to Mersin is 175 kilometres (109 mi). The population of the Hacıbahattin 327 as of 2011. The main economic sector is vegetable and fruit farming.
 St. Timothy Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic parish in the Los Angeles Archdiocese Our Lady of the Angels Pastoral Region. The church is located at 10425 West Pico Boulevard in the Rancho Park neighborhood on the westside of Los Angeles California USA. Its Spanish Renaissance style church was built in 1949.
 Sparganothis eulongicosta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Connecticut Louisiana Mississippi New Hampshire New Jersey and Pennsylvania.The wingspan is 16-28 mm.
 The Story of Little Black Sambo is a children's book written and illustrated by Helen Bannerman and first published by Grant Richards in October 1899 as one in a series of small-format books called The Dumpy Books for Children. The story was a children's favorite for half a century until the word sambo was deemed a racial slur in some countries and the illustrations considered reminiscent of darky iconography. Both text and illustrations have undergone considerable revision since.
 Majid Zamedi (Persian: مجيدضمدي‎ also Romanized as Majīd Ẕamedī) is a village in Chenaneh Rural District Fath Olmobin District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 335 in 41 families.
 Franke Wilmer (born December 2 1950) is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives representing District 64 since 2007. Before first running for office in 2006 Wilmer was appointed to chair the Montana Human Rights Commission by Governor Schweitzer in 2005. She received both a PhD and Masters from the University of Maryland in 1990 and is currently a full professor of Political Science at Montana State University.
 Two Island Lake is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Hi Fi is an album by Hugh Cornwell released in 2000. All instrumentation is by Hugh Cornwell with appearances from Justin Chapman Michelle Marti Mike Polson Gita Langley Jesse Murphy Rachel Helleur Úna Palliser and John Dominic.The album was released in the US and Europe under the same title but with different artwork an additional version of Gingerbread Girl and two live tracks.
 Lambula errata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by van Eecke in 1927. It is found on Sumatra and Borneo. The habitat consists of various lowland forest types.
 Doug Ferguson was the president of the Liberal Party of Canada from 2008-2009.
 St Mark's Church Connah's Quay is in the town of Connah's Quay Flintshire Wales. It is an active Anglican church in the deanery of Mold the archdeaconry of Wrexham and the diocese of St Asaph. The church is the parish church for Connah's Quay and the mother church of St David's Church Connah's Quay. It is designated as a Grade II listed building by Cadw. The new Vicar Revd Robert Dennis will be inducted in January 2014.[citation needed]
 The Sousse Archaeological Museum is a Tunisian archaeological museum located in Sousse.
 Animal Kingdom is a 2010 Australian crime drama written and directed by David Michôd and starring Ben Mendelsohn Joel Edgerton Guy Pearce James Frecheville Luke Ford Jacki Weaver and Sullivan Stapleton. David Michôd's script was inspired by the Pettingill family of Melbourne Australia who in 1988 saw the acquittal of Trevor Pettingill in the murder of two Victoria police officers.
 Our Lady of Assumption Co-Cathedral or the Co-Cathédrale de Notre-Dame-de-l’Assomption is located in the Canadian prairie town of Gravelbourg Saskatchewan.
 Under Suspicion is a 2000 American film directed by Stephen Hopkins. It stars Gene Hackman Morgan Freeman Monica Bellucci and Thomas Jane. The film is based on the 1981 French film Garde à vue and the 1970s British novel Brainwash written by John Wainwright. It was screened out of competition at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.
 Master of Styles is the sixth album by The Urge. It was released in 1998 in cassette and CD format. The Album produced 3 singles (“Jump Right In” “Straight to Hell” and “Closer”) and sold 250000 copies. “Jump Right In” featured guest vocals by Nick Hexum of 311 and hit the #10 position on the Modern Rock list.
 Maya Nagari is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 Sir Harry Pateshall Colebatch CMG (29 March 1872–12 February 1953) better known as Sir Hal Colebatch was a long-serving and occasionally controversial figure in Western Australian politics. He was a member of the Western Australian Legislative Council for nearly 20 years the twelfth Premier of Western Australia for a month in 1919 agent-general in London for five years and a federal senator for four years.
 The Outlet Collection  Jersey Gardens is a two-level indoor outlet mall in Elizabeth New Jersey. The mall opened on October 21 1999 and is the largest outlet mall in New Jersey and much closer to New York City than its largest outlet mall competitor Woodbury Common.
 Brother Derek (foaled March 31 2003 in California) is a thoroughbred horse. He was bred by Mary H. Caldwell and owned by Cecil N. Peacock.Trained by Dan Hendricks Brother Derek began racing at age two in California. He won his 2005 debut race as well as the Norfolk Stakes before finishing fourth to winner Stevie Wonderboy in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile.
 Don't Be Such A Scientist: Talking Substance in an Age of Style is a book published by Island Press written by scientist-turned-filmmaker Randy Olson Ph.D. which arises from a talk of the same title Olson gave to science audiences at universities and museums for five years preceding its publication. The focus of the book is the challenge scientists face in communicating to the general public in an age of information-overload.
 Gobinda Chandra Naskar is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha. He was elected as a Trinamool Congress candidate from Bongaon (Lok Sabha constituency). He was also member of West Bengal Legislative Assembly in 4 different terms. He is also chief of Trinamool Congress OBC Cell.
 Chafalonías is a 1960 Argentine comedy film directed by Mario Soffici and starring Luis Sandrini.
 The Viforâta River is a tributary of the Motnău River in Romania.
 Barangsan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 555 metres.
 Bobby E. Denton is a Democratic member of the Alabama Senate representing the 1st District since 1978 and is currently the Dean of the Senate an honorary title. He has a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Alabama and is a previous Director of Development at Northwest Shoals Community College in Muscle Shoals.Denton will retire from the State Senate in 2010.He is unrelated to former Alabama U.S. Senator Jeremiah Denton a Republican.
 Daniel Robert Bob Graham (born November 9 1936) is an American politician and author. He was the 38th Governor of Florida from 1979 to 1987 and a United States Senator from that state from 1987 to 2005.Graham tried unsuccessfully to run for the 2004 Democratic presidential nomination but dropped out of the race on October 6 2003.
 Ciao Italia: Live from Italy (credited as Madonna: Ciao Italia! Live from Italy in the video sequence) is a video album by American singer-songwriter Madonna and was released by Warner Reprise Video and Sire Records on May 24 1988. It contained footage from a previous TV special of the Who's That Girl World Tour Madonna in Concerto broadcast in Europe in 1987 filmed at the Stadio Comunale in Turin Italy.
 Myrtle Grove is a historic home in Easton Talbot County Maryland. It consists of a frame section dating from the first half of the 18th century a 1790 Flemish bond brick section and a 1927 frame wing. The oldest section is five bays wide and one and a half stories tall on a brick foundation laid in English bond.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Gambler is a musical written by Eric Woolfson. It features several of his most popular songs from his earlier writing with The Alan Parsons Project.
 The Aiguille de Borderan (2492 m) is a mountain in the Aravis Massif in Savoie and Haute-Savoie France.
 Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed (born 5 October 1958) was elected Senator for Bauchi South in Bauchi State Nigeria in April 2007. He was appointed Minister of FCT (Federal Capital Territory) on 6 April 2010 when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet.
 Two Hunters is the second album by black metal band Wolves in the Throne Room and their debut album on Southern Lord Records. The band made minimal use of any digital effects or manipulation in the recording process. The album's artwork is by Rachel Carns. The vinyl version includes an extended version of Cleansing (which is about 6 minutes longer) and a previously unreleased track To Reveal. This album was critically acclaimed putting WITTR on the forefront of the black metal scene.
 The Cracticinae Bellmagpies and allies gathers together 12 species of mostly crow-like birds native to Australasia and nearby areas.Historically the cracticines – (currawongs Australian Magpie and butcherbirds – were seen as a separate family Cracticidae. With their 1985 DNA study Sibley and Ahlquist recognised the close relationship between the woodswallows and the butcherbirds in 1985 and placed them in a Cracticini clade now the family Artamidae.
 Winchester Cathedral is a Church of England cathedral in Winchester Hampshire England. It is one of the largest cathedrals in England with the longest nave and greatest overall length of any Gothic cathedral in Europe. Dedicated to the Holy Trinity Saint Peter Saint Paul and Saint Swithun it is the seat of the Bishop of Winchester and centre of the Diocese of Winchester. The cathedralis a Grade I listed building.
 Dancing in the Streets: A History of Collective Joy is a book authored by Barbara Ehrenreich.The author coins the term collective joy to describe group events which involve music synchronized movement costumes and a feeling of loss of self. There is no precise word in English to describe the phenomenon.The book describes cycles of creation and suppression of collective joy events. The events generally arise spontaneously and are regarded as dangerous (see Collective hysteria Riot).
 Gubra is a 2006 Malaysian film directed by Yasmin Ahmad. It was shot in 14 days in Ipoh Malaysia. It is the sequel to Sepet and was followed by Mukhsin.
 William Graham Claytor Jr. (March 14 1912 – May 14 1994) was an American lawyer naval officer and railroad transportation and defense administrator for the United States government working under the administrations of three US presidents.He is remembered for his actions as the captain of the destroyer escort USS Doyle in World War II which helped to save 316 lives during the USS Indianapolis tragedy.
 August Man is a monthly men's luxury lifestyle publication based in Singapore which launched in September 2006. The magazine's fields of focus include fashion design travel art architecture food sports health business books music film motoring and watches. Actors Ken Watanabe Francis Ng and Daniel Dae Kim Japanese soccer star Hidetoshi Nakata and chef/author/TV presenter Anthony Bourdain featured on August Man's cover.
 Luc-Marie Chatel (French: [lyk.ma.ʁi ʃa.tɛl]) is a French politician born on August 15 1964 in Bethesda Maryland USA. He was Minister of National Education from June 2009 to May 2012 overseeing a difficult transition in the conditions under which new secondary teachers begin their careers.
 Past Midnight is a 1991 Neo-noir thriller film (with slasher connections) starring Paul Giamatti Tom Wright and Clancy Brown alongside leads Rutger Hauer and Natasha Richardson.
 Tokyo 1960 is a 1957 horror action film directed by Teodorico C. Santos starring Tessie Quintana and Zaldy Zshornack.
 Just Another Life is the first live VHS released by Japanese rock duo B'z. It features live footage of the band's early hits.The concert is the first official Live Gym release although it would take several releases before the Live Gym name would be appear.
 Heroes of Battle is a hardcover supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons and Dragons role-playing game.
 Jeziory [jɛˈʑɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies within Wielkopolska National Park and is the site of the Park's administrative offices.
 Nuvva Naaku Nachav (English: I Like You) is a Tollywood film which released on September 6 2001. This film stars Venkatesh and Arti Agarwal in the lead roles. K. Vijaya Bhaskar directed this film. The film was remade in Tamil as Vaseegara starring Vijay and Sneha and also in Kannada as Gowramma starring Upendra and Ramya.
 Le Dernier Homme (English: The Last Man) is a French science fantasy novel in the form of a prose poem. Written by Jean-Baptiste Cousin de Grainville and published in 1805 it was the first story of modern speculative fiction to depict the end of the world. Considered a seminal early work of science fantasy specifically of the dying earth subgenre it has been described by Gary K. Wolfe as A crucial document in the early history...
 Easte is a village in Salme Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 El-Farouk Khaki (born October 26 1963) is a Canadian refugee and immigration lawyer and human rights activist on issues including gender equality sexual orientation and progressive Islam. He was the New Democratic Party's candidate for the House of Commons in the riding of Toronto Centre in a March 17 2008 by-election. Khaki came in second with 13.8% of the vote.
 I the Jury is a 1982 film based on the best selling detective novel of the same name by Mickey Spillane. The story was previously filmed in 3D in 1953. Larry Cohen wrote the screenplay and was hired to direct but was replaced when the film's budget was already out of control after one week of shooting. He was replaced by Richard T. Heffron.The film begins with a James Bond-like teaser opening before the story begins.
 Wereszczyn [vɛˈrɛʂt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 31 kilometres (19 mi) south-west of Włodawa and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Womelsdorf Historic District is a national historic district located in Womelsdorf Berks County Pennsylvania. The district encompasses 237 contributing buildings in the borough of Womelsdorf. It includes residential and commercial buildings in a variety of architectural styles including Queen Anne Italianate and Georgian. Notable non-residential buildings include Stouch's Tavern (c. 1785) William Penn Hotel (1866) Conrad Weiser Inn (1897) and Brooklyn Hotel (c.
 Manoba subfuscataria is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Inoue in 1998. It is found in Nepal and Thailand.
 Begum Abida Ahmed (July 17 1923 - December 7 2003) was an Indian politician and the wife of the fifth President of India Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed (1974–1977) who twice remained member of the Lok sabha from Bareilly (Lok Sabha constituency) Uttar Pradesh in 1980 and 1984.
 Sommelier Journal is a subscription-based magazine publication founded in 2008 for sommeliers and others in the restaurant and wine business. The magazine summarizes consumer restaurant and wine trends and news for wine professionals.
 Raavanan (English: Ravana) is a 2010 Indian Tamil thriller film written produced and directed by Mani Ratnam. The film features Vikram Aishwarya Rai and Prithviraj in the lead roles with a supporting cast led by Karthik Prabhu and Priyamani. The film was also made simultaneously in Hindi as Raavan with a slightly different cast.
 Sex Sin and Zen: A Buddhist Exploration of Sex from Celibacy to Polyamory and Everything in Between is a book written by Zen priest and punk rock bassist Brad Warner. The book is an exploration of sex from a modern Zen Buddhist perspective. It alternates between practical chapters and more arcane conceptual ones.The book also features an interview with porn star Nina Hartley who was raised in Berkeley California by two Zen Buddhists.
 William Brownell Golden (born October 9 1948 in Boston Massachusetts) is an American attorney and politician who represented the Norfolk and Plymouth district in the Massachusetts Senate from 1985–1991. He was a candidate for Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts in 1990 but lost in the Democratic primary to Marjorie Clapprood.
 Mówią Wieki is a monthly popular science history magazine published in Poland since 1958.
 Hokey Pokey is the second album by the British duo of singer Linda and singer/songwriter/guitarist Richard Thompson. It was recorded in the autumn of 1974 and released in 1975.Listeners keen to try to find connections between the albums by the Thompsons and their personal lives may be confused by the delays between writing recording and release of the early albums.
 Emmalocera rotundipennis is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It was described by Joannis in 1930 and is known from Vietnam.
 Kisaragi (キサラギ) is a 2007 Japanese film directed by Yūichi Satō.
 Jungle King Tar-chan (ジャングルの王者ターちゃん Janguru no Ōja Tā-chan) is a manga and anime by Masaya Tokuhiro. Midway through serialization its name was changed to New Jungle King Tar-chan (新ジャングルの王者ターちゃん Shin Janguru no Ōja Tā-chan).
 The Eleventh Hour is a 1912 Australian silent film. It is considered a lost film.
 DF 05 Live (stylized as DF 05 LiVE) is the first live album and first overall album by American folk band Sonia & Disappear Fear. The album was released on October 18 2005 by Sonia Rutstein's own Disappear Records label. The songs on the album span across Sonia's solo career as well as the earlier incarnation of her band Disappear Fear.
 The Dogaru River is a tributary of the Dobra River in Romania.
 Balbaroo fangaroo is an extinct species of kangaroo. It was discovered at the Riversleigh World Heritage Area in Northern Australia and described as a new species in 2000.The species was described from fossilized remains of part of the skull. The skull is approximately the size of that of a modern wallaby. The curved upper canine teeth are more than twice as long as the adjacent incisors and form fangs which may have been visible on the living animal even when its mouth was closed.
 George Bryson (July 20 1852 – May 8 1937) was a Quebec lumber merchant and political figure. He served as a member of the Legislative Council of Quebec for Inkerman division from 1887 to 1937 as a Liberal member.He was born in Fort-Coulonge the son of George Bryson and Robina Cobb and was educated at the British American Commercial College in Toronto and the Montreal Military College. Bryson was a director for the Bank of Ottawa (later the Bank of Nova Scotia).
 Camila Merino Catalán is a civil engineer and former Minister of Labor and Social Welfare for Chile.
 Mazraeh-ye Diktash (Persian: مزرعه ديكتاش‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Dīktāsh; also known as Dīktāsh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Museum of the Polish Army (Polish: Muzeum Wojska Polskiego) is a museum in Warsaw documenting the military aspects of the history of Poland. Created in 1920 it occupies a wing of the building of the Polish National Museum as well as several branches in Poland. It's Warsaw's second largest museum and the largest collection of military objects in Poland. The collection illustrates a thousand years of Polish military history - from the 10th century to the Second World War.
 Uska is a block and a small town in Siddharthnagar district of the Uttar Pradesh province of northern India near the border with Nepal.and this is now coming under the nagar palika.
 Deerfield is a village in Vernon County Missouri United States. The population was 81 at the 2010 census.
 William Mackenzie McLeod (July 4 1854 – June 13 1932) was a Canadian physician and politician.Born in Sydney Nova Scotia McLeod was educated at Sydney Academy and Dalhousie University. He took his medical course in New York City at Bellevue Hospital Medical College graduating in 1875. In 1889 and 1890 he also took special courses in the diseases of the eye ear nose and throat at New York Post-Graduate Medical School and Hospital.
 Śnieciska [ɕɲeˈt͡ɕiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Zaniemyśl 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Środa Wielkopolska and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 420.
 Bija is a limited-release down tempo electro-pop song project created in 2000 by Annabelle Chvostek in collaboration with electro-acoustic producer Ned Bouhalassa.
 The Fitz Henry Lane House is a historic house at 8 Harbor Loop Road on the harbor side of Rogers Street in Gloucester Massachusetts. The three story stone Gothic Revival building was built in 1849 by the artist Fitz Henry Lane and was his home until his death in 1865. The building now sits in a municipal park and has a commanding view of the harbor.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Ballets Russes is an American 2005 feature documentary about the dancers of the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo. It was directed by Dayna Goldfine and Dan Geller and featured Irina Baronova Alicia Markova George Zoritch and Tatiana Riabouchinska among others. It was narrated by Marian Seldes. It is distributed by Zeitgeist Films.
 Jeena Marna Tere Sang is a 1992 Indian Bollywood film directed by Vijay Reddy. It stars Sanjay Dutt and Raveena Tandon in pivotal roles.
 Potkalinje (Cyrillic: Поткалиње) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lee M. Zeldin (born January 30 1980) is a Republican member of the New York State Senate representing the 3rd district.
 Gods & Goddesses is the seventh solo album released from desert rock artist Brant Bjork. It features an all new band lineup including Billy Cordell (ex-bassist of Yawning Man).
 Under the Sign of Hell is the third studio album by Norwegian black metal band Gorgoroth. Recorded in 1996 and released on 20 October 1997 it was their first full album with vocalist Pest though he had done half the tracks on the previous album Antichrist.
 The Lakeview Mountains are a range of low mountains encompassing approximately 30 square miles (80 km2) of land in western Riverside County Southern California at the northern end of the Peninsular Ranges System.
 Tigerlily's Orchids is a 2010 book by the British crime-writer Ruth Rendell. It is her 60th published novel.
 Wings is an album by the Italian power metal band Skylark. It was released in May 2006 by Scarlet Records.
 Wicie [ˈvit͡ɕe] (formerly German Vitte) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo within Sławno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Darłowo 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Sławno and 173 km (107 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 42.
 Saint Paul African Union Methodist Church is an historic structure located in the Navy Yard section of Washington D.C. United States. It is the only congregation in the District of Columbia of the oldest incorporated independent African- American denomination in the country. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 Nowbahar (Persian: نوبهار‎ also Romanized as Nowbahār and Naubahār) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 36 families.
 Live in New York City 12-31-05 is an EP by Trey Anastasio that was bundled with select CD copies of Shine at Tower Records during 2006. The disc features tracks from a live concert at Madison Square Garden in New York City on New Year's Eve 2005 where Anastasio and his band opened for The Black Crowes.
 Rajeev Jha (Chandrashkekhar Madheshi alternately Rajiv Jha Rajib Jha) (Nepali: राजीव झा; born Gangesh Jha on 30 September 1976 mononymously known as Chandrashekhar) is an advocate for the rights of the Madhesi people of the Terai region of Nepal both as a civilian and as a militant. Jha participated in a civil society initiative for Madhesi rights and relief in 2007 during the Madhesh Andolan agitation which followed the 2006 Nepal Civil War.
 Field of Dreams is a 1989 American fantasy-drama film directed by Phil Alden Robinson who also wrote the screenplay adapting W. P. Kinsella's novel Shoeless Joe. The film stars Kevin Costner Amy Madigan James Earl Jones Ray Liotta and Burt Lancaster in his final film. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards including Best Original Score Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Picture.
 A Semana (Portuguese meaning The Week) is a weekly Cape Verdean daily that covers its top stories in the archipelago and local stories ranging from each island. A Semana is located in the Cape Verdean capital city of Praia and is one of the most circulated newspapers and dailies in Cape Verde. It was founded in 1991.
 Henry Harrison Markham (November 16 1840 – October 9 1923) was a United States Representative from March 4 1885 to March 3 1887 and the 18th governor of California from January 8 1891 until January 11 1895.Markham was born in Wilmington New York. During the Civil War Markham enlisted as a private in Company G 32nd Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment; he was promoted to second lieutenant and after the war returned to Wisconsin and settled in Milwaukee. He died in Pasadena California.
 The Rise and Fall of the Romanov Autocracy is a British radio play. Clive Mantle starred in it.
 John Alfred Larsson (born 2 April 1938) was the 17th General of The Salvation Army.The son of officer parents he spent his early years in his native Sweden in Denmark Chile and Argentina. Even his grandparents were officers in The Salvation Army and his grandfather on his father's side Commissioner Karl Larsson is known in the Army's history as the one who opened fire in Russia the first time (1914). John Larsson became an officer in 1957 from the Upper Norwood Corps London England.
 Jasieniec [jaˈɕeɲet͡s] is a village in Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Jasieniec. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Grójec and 43 km (27 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 170.
 Ruffner House also known as Luray Tannery Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Luray Page County Virginia. It was built in two phases about 1825 and about 1851. It is a two-story Federal / Greek Revival style brick dwelling with a hipped with deck roof a stone foundation and one-story porches on the two fronts. The house was remodeled in the 1920s.
 Dance of Death is a 1969 film version of the play The Dance of Death by August Strindberg as presented by the National Theatre Company. It stars Laurence Olivier and Geraldine McEwan.Previous filmed National Theatre productions include Uncle Vanya (1963) and Othello (1965). Both of these are available on DVD however as of 2009 The Dance of Death has never been released on DVD or video.
 Mount Anderson is a high mountain in the northern part of the Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains Antarctica. Probuda Ridge is trending northeast of the peak and Embree Glacier and Ellen Glacier's tributary Fonfon Glacier drain its northeastern and eastern slopes respectively. It is part of the same massif as Mount Bentley and Mount Sisu.The mountain was discovered by the Marie Byrd Land Traverse Party 1957–58 under C.R. Bentley and named for Vernon H.
 The subfamily Tettigoniinae also called shield-backed katydids contains hundreds of species with 123 in North America. It is part of the family Tettigoniidae.
 The Horn Blows at Midnight (1945) is a comedy fantasy film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Jack Benny. Its biggest claim to fame apart from its star is its failure at the box office. The film had the misfortune to be released only eight days after the death of U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
 John J. Carlson (born April 1953) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 4 which includes portions of Beltrami Cass Crow Wing Hubbard and Itasca counties in the northern part of the state. A Republican he is the owner of John Carlson Agency an insurance service provider. He is also an adjunct professor in the Business Department of Bemidji State University in Bemidji.Carlson was first elected in 2010.
 Yucca Mountain is a mountain in Nevada near its border with California approximately 100 miles (160 km) northwest of Las Vegas. Located in the Great Basin Yucca Mountain is east of the Amargosa Desert south of the Nevada Test and Training Range and in the Nevada National Security Site. It is the site of the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository which is currently identified by Congressional law as the nation's spent nuclear waste storage facility.
 Chambuiaco River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Goodfellow's tree-kangaroo (Dendrolagus goodfellowi) also called the ornate tree-kangaroo belongs to the family Macropodidae which includes kangaroos wallabies and their relatives and the genus Dendrolagus with eleven other species. The species is native to the rainforests of New Guinea and the border of central Irian Jaya in Indonesia. Under the IUCN classification the species is listed as Endangered which is a result of overhunting and human encroachment on their habitat.
 Miracle of Flight is a 1974 short animated comedy film written and directed by Terry Gilliam.
 The Ciugud River (Hungarian:Csüged-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Fire in the City of Automatons is the third full-length album by No Knife and the first to feature Chris Prescott. It was released in May of 1999 on Time Bomb Records.
 Robert Swan Mueller III (born August 7 1944) served as the sixth Director of the American Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
 The Boy on the Galloping Horse (Polish: Chłopiec na galopującym koniu) is a 2006 Polish drama film directed by Adam Guziński. It was screened out of competition at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
 Byrd's Word is an album by trumpeter Donald Byrd recorded in 1955 and released on the Savoy label.
 The Eagle Ranger Station also known as the Eagle Guard Station and presently known as the Sol Duc Ranger Station is a complex of three buildings built in the 1930s in what would become Olympic National Park. The primary structures were built by the U.S.
 Piotruś (also Petrus Petros) is a 727-metre (2385 ft) tall mountain in the Beskid Dukielski range Poland. Beskid Dukielski forms the middle of the Low Beskids in the Western Carpathian Mountains.Piotruś is the highest mountain of the Beskid Dukielski. A tourist trail passes through the mountain. Its most prominent characteristic is a stream and pond related to the Saint John of Dukla.
 Aviator (2007) is an aggrotech album by Funker Vogt released on May 22 2007.
 The Banded Mountain Loach (Acanthocobitis urophthalma) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Nemacheilidae family.It is found only in Sri Lanka.
 The Colombian wood turtle (Rhinoclemmys melanosterna) is a species of turtle belonging to the Rhinoclemmys genus of the family Geoemydidae found in Colombia Ecuador and Panama.
 Omenuko by Pita Nwana (by trade a carpenter) is the first novel to be written in the Igbo language and the book was very successful among the Igbo people.Written in 1933 it won a prize in a competition run by the International African Institute and is the biography of the eponymous slave-dealer originally being publisher in 1935.
 Didi Abuli (Georgian: დიდი აბული) is one of the highest peak of the Lesser Caucasus Mountains in the nation of Georgia. The mountain is located in the Abul-Samsari Range at an elevation of 3300 m (10830 ft) above sea level.
 Stratford is a village in Marathon County Wisconsin United States. It is part of the Wausau Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1578 at the 2010 census.
 Don Juan Pond also called Lake Don Juan is a small and very shallow hypersaline lake in the west end of Wright Valley (South Fork) Victoria Land Antarctica 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) west from Lake Vanda. It is wedged between the Asgard Range in the south and the Dais in the north. On the west end there is a small tributary and a feature that has been described as a rock glacier.
 Les 11 commandements (or The 11 Commandments in English speaking countries) is a French comedy film made in 2004 featuring Michaël Youn. It is comparable to the American film Jackass. It was theatrically released in France in February 2004 and led the French box office in its first week of release.
 Hum Aapke Dil Mein Rehte Hain is a 1999 Bollywood drama film starring Anil Kapoor Kajol Anupam Kher and Shakti Kapoor. Kajol was nominated for a Filmfare Best Actress Award. It is a remake of the Telugu film Pavithra Bandham starring Venkatesh and Soundarya.
 Tetramorium microgyna is a species of insect in family Formicidae. It is found in South Africa and Zimbabwe.
 Jean-Antoine Panet (June 8 1751 – May 17 1815) was a notary lawyer judge seigneur and political figure in Lower Canada.He was born in Quebec in 1751 the son of Jean-Claude Panet. He served in the militia defending the town of Quebec during the American Revolution and he later attained the rank of Lieutenant-colonel in the militia. Panet entered practice as a notary in 1772 but also began to practice as a lawyer the following year. He became seigneur of Bourg-Louis in 1777.
 Kennedy Francis Burns (January 8 1842 – June 23 1895) was a Canadian businessman and politician.Born in Thomastown Republic of Ireland he emigrated to British North America. He worked as a clerk for a merchant at Chatham New Brunswick and bought his employer's store at Bathurst in 1863. In 1865 Burns married Harriet McKenna. After he acquired property on the Caraquet River including a sawmill he entered the lumber trade.
 Sugarkhal is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9599 living in 1634 individual households.
 Elmer Gantry is a satirical novel written by Sinclair Lewis in 1926 and published by Harcourt in March 1927.
 Jeżów [ˈjɛʐuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Waśniów 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 43 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 240.
 The Sugden Reservoir is a Massachusetts reservoir located in Spencer Massachusetts. It forms the headwaters of Shaw Brook which is a tributary to Turkey Hill Creek a major tributary to the Seven Mile River. This water body is part of the Chicopee River Watershed.
 Liefdesoffer is a 1916 Dutch silent drama film directed by Maurits Binger.
 Kolonia Emska [kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɛmska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Gunsmoke: The Long Ride is a 1993 western TV series based on the popular series Gunsmoke in which the main character Matt Dillon is again played by James Arness.
 Tazeh Kand-e Tahmasb (Persian: تازه كندطهماسب‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Ţahmāsb) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 206 in 49 families.
 Mandan Commercial Historic District is a 20-acre (8.1 ha) historic district in Mandan North Dakota that has work dating to 1884. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1985. The listing includee 35 contributing buildings and a contributing object.It includes the Sullivanesque Lewis and Clark Hotel built in 1917 which is separately NRHP-listed.Mandan was a major hub of the Northern Pacific Railway; it became headquarters of NP's Missouri Division in 1916.
 Burg Dürnstein is a castle near the municipality Neumarkt in Steiermark in the district Murau of the state of Styria in Austria.
 Live 1967 is a live album by The Monkees compiled from show dates (in Seattle Portland and Spokane) on their 1967 United States tour. The songs mostly feature the Monkees themselves singing and playing although the solo spots for each member feature music by opening act The Sundowners.In 2001 Rhino HandMade Records released all recordings from the Mobile Spokane Portland and Seattle shows on a limited edition Monkees CD release Summer 1967: The Complete U.S.
 Dennis Jacobs (born 1944) is a federal judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. He previously served as Chief Judge of the Second Circuit from October 1 2006 to August 31 2013.
 Because the Night is a crime fiction novel written by James Ellroy.Released in 1984 it is the second installment of a trilogy often titled Lloyd Hopkins Trilogy after its main character or L.A Noir after the hard-book copy that was released containing all three books in the trilogy. Like Blood on the Moon (first book) and Suicide Hill (third and final book) it follows Lloyd Hopkins.
 Korczyna [kɔrˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in Krosno County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Korczyna. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Krosno and 38 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 6000.
 Koiva is a village in Taheva Parish Valga County in southern Estonia.
 Rianila is a river in the Atsinanana region in eastern Madagascar. It flows down from the central highlands to flow into the Indian Ocean south of Brickaville at Andevoranto. Its largest tributary is the Rongaronga which joins it near Brickaville.The river was previously called the Iharoka River by Western explorers (and the Jark River in a few sources).
 Leonis Adobe built in 1844 is one of the oldest surviving private residences in Los Angeles County and one of the oldest surviving buildings in the San Fernando Valley. Located in what is now Calabasas California the adobe was occupied by the wealthy rancher Miguel Leonis until his death in 1889.
 St. Patrick Hospital is a healthcare facility in Missoula Montana.
 Fanfreluche (1967–1999) was a Canadian-bred Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. She was named by her French Canadian owner Jean-Louis Levesque for the title character of a popular children's television show on the French-language division of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation Successfully raced in Canada as a two-year-old at age three Fanfreluche's performances in both Canada and the United States earned her the Sovereign Award for Canadian Horse of the Year.
 Nikolay Ivanovich Pakhomov (Russian: Николай Иванович Пахомов; December 1893 - 19 August 1938) was a Soviet government official.Pakhomov was born in Taganrog. He was People's Commissar of Water Transport from 13 March 1934 to 8 April 1938. The very next day after being demoted (9 April 1938) he was arrested. He was charged with espionage on fabricated grounds then sentenced to death and shot in Moscow. He was posthumously rehabilitated in 1955.
 Beast is the fifth studio album by groove metal band DevilDriver. It was released on February 22 2011 in the United States. It is also their last album to feature longtime bassist Jon Miller who left in 2011.
 Równia [ˈruvɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Biecz 13 km (8 mi) north of Gorlice and 97 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Tuczempy [tuˈt͡ʂɛmpɨ] (Ukrainian: Тучапи Tsaryns’ke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Jarosław and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Evolution Me & Other Freaks of Nature (2007) is a young adult novel by Robin Brande.
 Autobahnsee Augsburg is a lake in Augsburg Schwaben Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is 17 ha.
 Krasnoff is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southeastern part of the Montes Cordillera range near the southwest limb of the Moon. From the Earth this crater appears foreshortened and visibility can be affected by libration. To the north of Krasnoff is the crater Eichstadt and to the southwest is Shaler both along the edge of the Montes Cordillera mountain ring.The rim of this crater is sharp-edged and not notably worn.
 Culver Down is a chalk down to the north of Sandown Isle of Wight.It is believed that its name derives from Culfre - old English for dove.The down has a typical chalk downland wildlife on the uncultivated areas (generally the southern and eastern slopes). This includes plants such as Small Scabious Harebell Cowslip and Lady's Bedstraw.
 Darby O'Gill and the Little People is a 1959 Walt Disney Productions feature film starring Albert Sharpe Janet Munro Sean Connery and Jimmy O'Dea in a tale about a wily Irishman and his battle of wits with leprechauns. The film was directed by Robert Stevenson and its screenplay written by Lawrence Edward Watkin after the books of Herminie Templeton Kavanagh. The film's title is a slight modification of one of the two Kavanagh books Darby O'Gill and the Good People.
 Zakhmi Dil is an Indian Punjabi movie released 1981.
 Ajit Seth (born November 24 1951) is an Indian civil servant who is the 30th Cabinet Secretary of the Republic of India. He is a 1974 batch Indian Administrative Service officer from Uttar Pradesh Cadre.
 Lynelle Jann Briggs AO is a former Australian Public Service Commissioner. She was chief executive of Medicare from 2009 until 2011 when Medicare was integrated into the Department of Human Services.
 The Jewel in the Lotus is debut album by jazz woodwind player Bennie Maupin recorded and released in 1974.In 2011 Ricardo Villalobos and Max Loderbauer used samples of The Jewel in the Lotus as the basis for the track Rensenada on the remix album Re:ECM.
 Tom Hucker (born April 9 1967) is an American elected official and a Democrat from the U.S. state of Maryland.
 Mount Tire'm is a small 1060-foot (320 m) mountain adjacent to Keoka Lake in the town of Waterford Maine. The Daniel Brown Trail offers access to the summit; its trailhead is on Plummer Hill Road just northwest of the village of Waterford. Views on clear days near the summit include vistas of Keoka Lake and Pleasant Mountain the home of the Shawnee Peak Ski Area.
 Victor S. Vic Gilliam (born July 21 1953) is an American politician and part-time actor from the state of Oregon. A Republican he has served in the Oregon House of Representatives from the 18th District since he was appointed in January 2007. A native of Ohio he has lived in Silverton Oregon since 1998.
 Sex Money & Murder is an album by Gangsta Pat.
 Smithfield is a village in Jefferson County Ohio United States. The population was 869 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Weirton–Steubenville WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.During Morgan's Raid a decisive Union victory in the Civil War in 1863 Confederate Brid. Gen.
 Coleophora spartana is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Greece (Lakonia Mountain).
 The Cameron Offices a series of former government offices commissioned by the National Capital Development Commission and designed by John Andrews in the Brutalist structuralism style of architecture were constructed between 1970 and 1976 and partially demolished during 2007–08; located in the Belconnen Town Centre in the district of Belconnen located in the Australian capital city of Canberra.
 Fearless A Novel of Sarah Bowman is a 1998 novel of historical fiction by Lucia St. Clair Robson. The novel tells how Sarah Bowman arrived in Corpus Christi Texas in 1845 to work as a laundress for the army that Zachary Taylor had assembled to invade Mexico in the Mexican-American War. Sarah Bowman was a historical figure and much of what is depicted in this novel is based on actual accounts of incidents.
 Zagroda [zaˈɡrɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica Różana within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Rituals: Live in Japan is a live CD by Painkiller a band featuring John Zorn Bill Laswell and Mick Harris performing live in Tokyo in 1991 with guest guitar and vocals from Haino Keiji. The album was released on the Japanese label Toy's Factory in 1993.It contains 2 performance 'sets' by the band. 'First Set' tracks 1-10 and Second Set' tracks 11-17.
 Holy Trinity Church Ulverston is a redundant Anglican parish church located in New Church Lane Ulverston Cumbria England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 The splash-back poison frog (Ranitomeya variabilis) also referred to as Zimmermann's poison frog is a species of poison dart frog. It is arboreal living in the rainforest canopy of Ecuador and Colombia. The species includes the frog formerly known as Ranitomeya ventrimaculata.
 Abbott and Costello Go To Mars is a 1953 American science fiction comedy film directed by Charles Lamont and starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello. The film follows the misadventures of Lester and Orville who accidentally find themselves on a rocketship bound for Mars which accidentally lands at the New Orleans Mardi Gras. The pair are forced by bank robbers Mugsy and Harry to fly to Venus where they encounter a civilization consisting entirely of women.
 Oral Surgery Oral Medicine Oral Pathology and Oral Radiology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in oral surgery medicine pathology radiology and endodontics published by Mosby. It was previously published as Oral Surgery Oral Medicine Oral Pathology Oral Radiology and Endodonthics.
 Toshiki Kaifu (海部 俊樹 Kaifu Toshiki born 2 January 1931) is a Japanese politician who was the 76th and 77th Prime Minister of Japan from 1989 to 1991.
 Fast Forward was a weekly children's magazine launched in September 1989 by the BBC to compete with Look-in. It was aimed at seven- to 14-year-olds and was promoted heavily with trailers shown on Children's BBC. Circulation started at 210000 copies per week reached a peak of 340000 in March 1990 but fell to 150000 by Spring 1991. Fast Forward generally sold around 40% to 50% more copies than Look-in on a weekly basis.
 Marine Resource Economics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering environmental economics. It is published by the MRE Foundation in affiliation with the North American Association of Fisheries and the International Institute of Fisheries Economics and Trade. The current editor-in-chief is Martin D. Smith (Nicholas School of the Environment). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.083.
 The Day Estate Historic District encompasses a subdivided estate at the corner of Commonwealth Avenue and Dartmouth Street in Newton Massachusetts. The district is bounded by Commonwealth Dartmouth Chestnut and Prince Streets and includes six houses. It was originally owned by Henry Day a banker who in 1896 built the house at 321 Chestnut Street. They subdivided the block during a building boom in the 1920s and the new houses were built between 1928 and 1930.
 Chrysopinae is a subfamily of green lacewings in the insect family Chrysopidae in the order Neuroptera. They are the nominate taxon and largest member of the green lacewing family (Chrysopidae) containing about 60 genera.Members of the genus Chrysoperla and the genus Chrysopa in this subfamily are common in Europe and North America. Their larvae are predatory and feed on aphids; some of these species have been used in biological pest control as has the Australian Mallada signatus.
 Neurosurgery is a monthly peer reviewed medical journal of neurosurgery and the official journal of the Congress of Neurological Surgeons. It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The journal publishes original research reviews and editorials.
 Garrow Tor is a bare tor-crowned hill 330 metres (1080 ft) high located on Garrow Downs in the centre of Bodmin Moor in the county of Cornwall England.At the summit of Garrow Tor are granite rock outcrops and panoramic views including Caradon Hill to the south Rough Tor and Brown Willy to the north Butter's Tor to the east clay country to the west and the Atlantic Ocean to the northwest.
 Romance in the Night is a soft rock album of mostly covers by José Feliciano. It was released after the return of his historic hit producer Rick Jarrard on the Motown label in 1983. The track Let’s Find Each Other Tonight” (a Feliciano original) was his first single to make the Country charts and was played by the same José Feliciano live on the 1996 movie Fargo by the Coen brothers .
 Gymnothorax ypsilon is a deep-water moray eel found in the Pacific ocean at depths of up to 185 meters. It is commonly known as the Y-bar moray.
 Miniatures is a musical album by Alog released in 2005 on Rune Grammofon.
 The Plain Swift (Apus unicolor) is a medium-sized swift. Although this bird is superficially similar to a Barn Swallow or House Martin it is not related to those passerine species. The resemblances between the groups are due to convergent evolution reflecting similar life styles.Swifts have very short legs that they use only for clinging to vertical surfaces.
 Zielonka [ʑeˈlɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Golczewo 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Kamień Pomorski and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 Peter Heenan PC (February 19 1875 – May 12 1948) was a Canadian union leader and politician and also served as a cabinet minister at the federal and provincial levels.
 The Three Cups Hotel is a hotel in Lyme Regis Dorset England. It lies across the street from the Royal Lion Hotel. It became a listed building on 23 April 1952.It has associations with many famous literary and historical figures. It is believed that Jane Austen stayed in Hiscott’s Boarding house on the same site in 1804. The front section of the current building dates from 1807.
 Saareküla Saare County is a village in Laimjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Danforth is a village in Danforth Township Iroquois County Illinois United States. The population was 587 at the 2000 census.
 John J. Gleason (b. August 26 1954 ) is a Democratic politician and current Clerk/Register of Deeds for Genesee County Michigan.
 The Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in the field of medical informatics published by the American Medical Informatics Association.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 3.078 ranking it second out of 22 journals in the category Medical Informatics (behind the Journal of Medical Internet Research) 8th out of 97 in the category Computer Science Interdisciplinary Applications and 6th out of 126 in the category Computer Science Information Systems.
 No Heavy Petting is the fifth studio album by the British rock band UFO released in 1976. It is the first UFO album to feature a full-time keyboard player as a member of the band making this their first record as a five-piece band. While keyboardist Danny Peyronel only stayed in the band for this one album he did co-write several tracks on the record. In 1994 a CD including this album and Lights Out was released by BGO Records.
 Tora-san's Island Encounter (男はつらいよ 柴又より愛をこめて Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Shibamata yori Ai o Komete) aka Torasan From Shibamata with Love is a 1985 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Komaki Kurihara as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san's Island Encounter is the thirty-sixth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 Tashdeh (Persian: تاشده‎ also Romanized as Tāshdeh; also known as Tāshteh) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 79 families.
 Pancho Villa is a 1972 American British and Spanish spaghetti western film directed by Eugenio Martín. The film features Telly Savalas Clint Walker Chuck Connors and Anne Francis. Shot in Spain this brawling spectacle has an often-overlooked light-comedy satirical facet which to this day often confuses the viewers. The storyline was developed during the Vietnam War and reflected certain antiwar sentiments in an American society.
 The Arlington Hills Library is a 1916 Beaux Arts library building designed by Cameron and Company. It is one of three Carnegie Libraries in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The public library closed on Saturday March 15 2014 and is expected to reopen in May 2014 as part of a new joint community center. The building is up for sale by the City of Saint Paul for adaptive reuse that will maintain the historic structure.
 New Madison is a village in Darke County Ohio United States. The population was 892 at the 2010 census.
 Hyperolius picturatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Liberia Sierra Leone and possibly Togo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Juliana's Pony: Total System Failure is the fifth album by Juliana Hatfield released in 2000. Of note about this album is that the songs Total System Failure and Leather Pants use the same music with different lyrics.
 Abington Memorial Hospital (AMH) is a hospital located in Abington Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania in the northern suburbs of Philadelphia.
 The Art of Chris Farlowe is the third 1966 album by British Singer Chris Farlowe featuring his band The Thunderbirds but only credited to him.Andrew Loog Oldham produced the recordings session with Mick Jagger who also wrote four songs for Farlowe later covered by The Rolling Stones. In 1992 was reissued featuring 11 bonus tracks.
 Thomas W. Dempsey (born January 23 1931 in Williamsport Pennsylvania) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He graduated from Williamsport High School in Lycoming County Pennsylvania in 1948 and from Lycoming College in 1952. He was elected to represent the 83rd legislative district in November 1987 following the death of fellow Republican Anthony J.
 Gannett Building is a historic industrial and commercial building located in Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a Classical Revival style structure constructed in 1927 with four major later additions. It was built to house the consolidated offices and newspaper printing facilities for the internationally prominent Gannett Newspapers chain. One of the building's most visible features is a relief sculpture over the entrance of its east side.
 Redwood Creek is a 9.5-mile-long (15.3 km) perennial stream located in San Mateo County California USA which discharges into South San Francisco Bay. The Port of Redwood City the largest deepwater port in South San Francisco Bay is situated on the east bank of Redwood Creek near its mouth where the creek becomes a natural deepwater channel.
 John J. Flanagan Jr. (born May 7 1961) represents the 2nd District of the New York State Senate which includes the entire Town of Smithtown and portions of both the Towns of Brookhaven and the Huntington all located in Suffolk County New York. Flanagan succeeded his father John J. Flanagan Sr. who served in the New York State Assembly from 1973 to 1986 when Flanagan Jr.
 Alberta Beach is a village in central Alberta Canada west of Edmonton. It is located on the southeast shore of Lac Ste. Anne approximately 8 km (5.0 mi) west of Highway 43 and 2 km (1.2 mi) north of Highway 633.Alberta Beach's economy it is centred on tourism and recreation. The village is the site of the Lac Ste. Anne Pilgrimage an event having key significance to Aboriginal people including Cree Dene Blackfoot and Métis Roman Catholics.
 Stare Tarnowo [ˈstarɛ tarˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Xhafer Ibrahim Deva (21 February 1904 – 25 May 1978) was a Kosovo Albanian fascist politician during World War II. A notable local politician in Kosovo and in Axis-occupied Albania he took charge German-occupied Mitrovica and worked with the Germans to establish a pro-German Albanian government in Kosovo.
 The Spurcatu River is a tributary of the Gârda Seacă River in Romania.
 Dr. Isaac James MacCollum (August 18 1889 - March 4 1968) was an American physician and politician from Wyoming in Kent County Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic Party who served as the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Delaware.
 Malik Motasim Khan (Urdu: ملک معتصم خان‎) is the President of Andhra Pradesh Chapter of Welfare Party of India. He was the Ameer-e-Halqa (Zonal President) of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind Andhra Pradesh and Orissa during 2007-2011. He was also the National President of the Students Islamic Organisation of India for two terms from 1995 to 1999.Mr. Khan graduated in science in 1989 from Nizamabad. He is a good orator with remarkable writing skills.
 Repent Replenish Repeat is the third album by dan le sac vs Scroobius Pip released on 7 October 2013.
 Hoseynabad-e Kalagushi (Persian: حسين ابادكلاگوشي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kalāgūshī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 8 families.
 The Journal of Physical Chemistry B is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research on several fields of material chemistry (macromolecules soft matter and surfactants) as well as statistical mechanics thermodynamics and biophysical chemistry.
 The Warped Tour 2004 Tour Compilation is the ninth installment in the annual compilation series accompanying the Warped Tour. The compilation's cover is a photograph of Rancid members Tim Armstrong and Matt Freeman performing on the 2003 Warped Tour.
 The Cliff Flycatcher (Hirundinea ferruginea) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.
 Babino [baˈbinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Choroszcz and 18 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Harmonie Club is a club located at 267 East Grand River Avenue in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1975 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Saran (Persian: ساران‎ also Romanized as Sārān; also known as Sūrān) is a village in Kabgian Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 702 in 167 families.
 Malerzowice Małe [malɛʐɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Otmuchów 11 km (7 mi) west of Nysa and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 René Gauvreau is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec who was elected to represent the riding of Groulx in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Parti Québécois but sat as an independent for nine months until rejoining the PQ caucus in April 2012.Gauvreau is a graduate of the Université de Montréal where he obtained a law degree in 1987 and practiced law until his election in 2008.
 David Clay Nohe (born May 10 1952) is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia Senate representing District 3 since January 2011. Nohe was the mayor of Vienna West Virginia from 1997 until 2010.
 Chwalęcin [xfaˈlɛnt͡ɕin] (German: Quanzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemcza within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 km (4 mi) north-east of Niemcza 24 km (15 mi) east of Dzierżoniów and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 70.
 Myanmar Digest is a weekly newspaper published in Burma.
 Francisco de Paula Estupiñán Heredia is a Colombian politician who served as the 11th Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development of Colombia.On 27 May 2013 President Juan Manuel Santos Calderón announced the designation of Estupiñán as new Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development in replacement of Juan Camilo Restrepo Salazar. He was officially sworn in on 2 June 2013.
 The Hlincea Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Hlincea) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery in Ciurea Iaşi metropolitan area Romania. Located at the base of Cetăţuia Hill the monastery was built by Maria the daughter of Moldavian Prince Petru Şchiopul and dedicated in 1574. At the middle of the next century it was rebuilt by Prince Vasile Lupu and finished by his son Ştefăniţă in November 1660.The monastery is listed in the National Register of Historic Monuments.
 Sir Arthur Morgan (19 September 1856 – 20 December 1916) was the Premier of Queensland Australia from 1903 to 1906.Morgan was born in Warwick Queensland the fourth son of James Morgan (who later represented Warwick in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland and became chairman of committees) and his wife Kate née Barton. Arthur Morgan was educated at the public school at Warwick and then joined the staff of the Warwick Argus which was owned and edited by his father.
 Найкраще (The Best) is an album by the winner of the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 Ruslana released in 2001.
 Ginger Baker's Air Force 2 was the second and final album by Ginger Baker's Air Force released in 1970 (see 1970 in music). In Germany it was released with a different track listing including previously unreleased songs.This album was recorded in a studio unlike the previous one featuring a different lineup of the band with Denny Laine Harold McNair Aliki Ashman and Rick Grech as Additional personnel.
 Devin (Persian: دوين‎ also Romanized as Devīn) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 359 in 90 families.
 Prestonella nuptialis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Bothriembryontidae.It was previously classified within Prestonellidae. cf.
 Anthony William Dale known as Tony Dale (born June 11 1969) is a businessman from suburban Cedar Park Texas who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 136 which encompasses part of Williamson County near Austin on the eastern edge of the Texas Hill Country.First elected in 2012 Dale is seeking a second two-year term in the general election scheduled for November 4 2014. He faces a challenge from the Democrat John Harden Bucy III (born c. 1984).
 Unsettled Land (Hebrew: החולמים lit. The Dreamers; also known as Once We Were Dreamers) is a 1987 Israeli drama directed by Uri Barbash.The film premiered in the International Competition at the Tokyo International Film Festival and was selected to be shown at the Israel Film Festival in New York. It also won awards for Best Cinematography (Amnon Salomon) and Best Art Direction (Eitan Levy) at the Israel Film Center.
 The Second Baptist Church in Poughkeepsie New York United States is located at the corner of Vassar and Mill streets. It is a wooden building from the late 1830s in the Greek Revival architectural style the only remaining church in the city in that style.A number of congregations have used the building since it was first erected.
 Donald James Gelling CBE CP CInstSMM (born 5 July 1938) is a Manx former politician who is a former Chief Minister of the Isle of Man who served two terms as Head of the Government.
 Religion Inc. The Church of Scientology is a non-fiction book about Scientology and L. Ron Hubbard written by Stewart Lamont. The book was published in hardcover edition by Harrap in 1986.
 The Corno di Gesero is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. It lies on the range west of the Cima di Cugn between the Valle d'Arbedo and the Val Traversagna.
 Placocheilus caudofasciatus is a species of cyprinid native to Laos Vietnam and China in eastern Asia. This species can reach a length of 10.9 centimetres (4.3 in) SL.
 Four historic bridges on the Big Thompson River in Larimer County Colorado survived its flood of 1976 but since have lost most of their historic integrity. They were built in 1933 and 1937.
 Devwrat Singh (born 3 June 1969 Jamnagar Gujrat) is an Indian politician and a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party. He was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India representing the Rajnandgaon constituency of Chhattisgarh.During 1995-1998 he was member of Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly. During 1998-2003 he was again elected to MP legislative Assembly later Chhattisgarh Legislative Assembly.
 Cheshmehha-ye Pain (Persian: چشمه هاپائين‎ also Romanized as Cheshmehhā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hollins Brook is a watercourse in Greater Manchester and a tributary of the River Roch.
 The Gift is the sixth and final studio album by British band The Jam. Released on 12 March 1982 it reached #1 on the British charts. Clocking in at 32:17 minutes the album received a mixed reception from critics and fans.The original release of the album was on 12 vinyl and initial copies came with a paper bag stating The Jam... A Gift. These copies are increasingly difficult to find especially in good condition.
 Henry Kemble Oliver (November 24 1800-August 12 1885) was an American who served as the 5th Mayor of Lawrence Massachusetts the 21st Mayor of Salem Massachusetts as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives the Adjutant General of Massachusetts and as the 26th Treasurer of Massachusetts.
 Mendez vs. Westminster: For All the Children/Para Todos los Niños is a 2003 American documentary film written directed and produced by Sandra Robbie. The film features Sylvia Mendez Robert L. Carter and others.
 Stare Baraki [ˈstarɛ baˈraki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaklików within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Zaklików 25 km (16 mi) north of Stalowa Wola and 86 km (53 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 200.
 Anaxita sophia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Venezuela.
 John Peter Shindel Gobin (January 21 1837 – May 1 1910) was an officer in the Union Army during the Civil War and the seventh Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania from 1899 to 1903.
 Taleshan (Persian: طالشان‎ also Romanized as Ţāleshān) is a village in Lakan Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 7521 in 2216 families.
 Seh Vatal (Persian: سه وتال‎ also Romanized as Seh Vatāl) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 42 families.
 Radiant Shadows is an Urban fantasy novel by Melissa Marr. It is set in the same universe as Marr's previous YA novels but is not a sequel to Fragile Eternity; rather it is a companion novel like Ink Exchange was focusing on a different set of characters.
 Emin Fahrettin Özdilek was a military officer and politician. He served as acting Prime Minister of Turkey in 1961.
 Rostamabad (Persian: رستم اباد‎ also Romanized as Rostamābād) is a village in Behdasht Rural District Kushk-e Nar District Parsian County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 34 families.
 Oshtut-e Bala (Persian: اشتوت بالا‎ also Romanized as Oshtūt-e Bālā; also known as Oshtūt and Ūshtūt) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 815 in 204 families.
 The Ak-Buura River (Kyrgyz: Ак-Буура) is a left tributary of the Kara Darya. The river is formed at the north slopes of Alai Mountains. The length of the river is 148 km (92 mi) and the watershed 2530 km2 (980 sq mi).
 Waldomore also known as The Waldomore is a two-story Neo-Classical brick mansion located in uptown Clarksburg West Virginia United States. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 4 1978.
 The Third Mind is a book by Beat Generation novelist William S. Burroughs and artist/poet/novelist Brion Gysin. First published in a French-language edition in 1977 it was published in English in 1978. It contains numerous short fiction pieces as well as poetry by Gysin and an interview with Burroughs.
 The Lawless Breed is a 1953 western film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Rock Hudson. The film is based on the life of outlaw John Wesley Hardin.
 At 128 metres (420 ft) Great Wood Hill is the highest point in the Newmarket Ridge and in the English county of Suffolk. The top is in the middle of a wood near the village of Rede.It is the highest point in the wide area east of the River Cam.
 St Michael's Church Stretton en le Field is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Stretton en le Field Leicestershire England (grid reference SK303119). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Live Session is a digital EP by British singer-songwriter Alessi's Ark. It features acoustic versions of four tracks from her debut album Notes From The Treehouse plus a cover of the Neva Dinova song Love From Below.
 Iisang Bangka Tayo (Filipino We Are In The Same Boat) is a greatest hits album by The Dawn released in 1991.
 Heavy Weather is the eighth album by Weather Report released in 1977 through Columbia Records. The release originally sold about a half million copies which would prove to be the band's most commercially successful album. Some consider it to be Weather Report's best album artistically as well. Heavy Weather received an initial 5 star review from Down Beat magazine and went on to easily win jazz album of the year by the readers of that publication.
 Die Freundin (English: The Girlfriend: Journal for Ideal Friendship between Women) was a popular Weimar-era German lesbian magazine published from 1924 to 1933.
 Bałaje [baˈwajɛ] (Ukrainian: Балаї Balayi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów within Lubaczów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Lubaczów and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 135.
 Sharing 分享 (Pinyin: Fēn Xiǎng) is the video compilation album (fourth album overall) by winner of Malaysian Idol 2 Danell Lee Chieh Hun released on 27 September 2008. This is also the first album released under the artiste's new name which was formerly Daniel Lee Chee Hun (李吉汉 Lǐ Jíhàn).In reality it features more of a compilation of songs from his past 3 albums Daniel Lee Chee Hun Unavoidable and Pasti with the inclusion of 2 new songs.
 The Cannatella's plump toad (Osornophryne talipes) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Romulo Neri is a Filipino educator and public servant. He held several high-ranking government positions such as Secretary of Socio-Economic Planning and concurrently Director-General of the National Economic and Development Authority (NEDA) acting Secretary of Department of Budget and Management (DBM) Chairperson of the Commission on Higher Education and President of Social Security System under former President Gloria Arroyo.
 Aruliho is a village in Guadalcanal Solomon Islands. It is located 33.8 kilometres (21.0 mi) by road northwest of Honiara.
 South Weeks or Mount Weeks-South Peak is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is named for United States Senator John W. Weeks (1860–1926) of nearby Lancaster New Hampshire the sponsor of the Weeks Act of 1911 under which the White Mountain National Forest was established. South Weeks is part of the Pliny Range of the White Mountains.
 The Paulson House in Au Train Michigan was built in 1883. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a state of Michigan Historic site in 1972.
 The Illuminati Papers is a collection of essays and other works by Robert Anton Wilson first published in 1980 (ISBN 1-57951-002-7). The book expands upon characters and themes from his earlier The Illuminatus! Trilogy (written with Robert Shea) and most of the essays are written from the point of view of the characters in Illuminatus! Topics Wilson writes on cover politics science the future hedonism and consciousness.
 The Berevoescu River or Berivoi River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Cruiser Emden (German: Kreuzer Emden) is a 1932 German war film directed by Louis Ralph and starring Ralph Renée Stobrawa Hans Schlenck and Werner Fuetterer. It is a remake of a 1926 silent film Our Emden which had also been directed by Ralph. The film depicts the German First World War cruiser SMS Emden.
 Lake Nicaragua or Cocibolca or Granada (Spanish: Lago de Nicaragua Lago Cocibolca Mar Dulce Gran Lago Gran Lago Dulce or Lago de Granada) is a freshwater lake in Nicaragua. Of tectonic origin and with an area of 8264 km2 (3191 sq mi) it is the largest lake in Central America the 19th largest lake in the world (by area) and the 9th largest in the Americas slightly smaller than Lake Titicaca.
 Kirk's (Pensioner) Cottage on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia was built between 1852 and 1856 by convict labour.In 1852 urgent accommodation was required for pensioner guards who had accompanied the first shipments of convicts to Western Australia and on to the Toodyay Convict Hiring Depot. Pensioner Guards were retired army or police officers who were given pay and benefits to travel with convicts on the transportation ships from England.
 Haji Meraj Khalid Noor is an Indian social activist and the President of the Rashtriya Awaami Movement (RAM). He has served as a General Secretary in Jamia Ameeruddin Educational & Charitable Welfare Minority Trust.
 Brzyczno [ˈbʐɨt͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pełczyce within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Pełczyce 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Choszczno and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Heaven'z Movie is the first solo album by the rapper Bizzy Bone released on October 6 1998. The songs Marchin' on Washington Roll Call and Yes Yes Y'all were cut short due to sample clearances not being made on time. The album reached #3 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart and #2 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart in 2010 and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.Many songs did not make the album in time leaving Heaven'z Movie incomplete.
 The Story of the Clash Vol. 1 is a double-disc compilation album by the English punk rock band The Clash. It was released with 28 tracks on 29 February 1988 through Epic Records. The compilation presents a relatively thorough overview of their career (except Cut the Crap). An anticipated second volume was to have consisted of live recordings but remains unreleased. The original albums on vinyl were released with 4 different colored covers Red Blue Yellow and Green.
 Caleb Walton West (May 25 1844 – January 25 1909) was Governor of Utah Territory twice 1886–1888 and 1893-1896. Born in Cynthiana Kentucky in Harrison County Kentucky he was a Confederate veteran and a municipal judge in Kentucky. He was the last Governor of Utah before statehood.
 Get acquainted is the title of a CD-compilation that was released for free with the German book Metall macht Musik. Among others the CD features songs by ex-Misfits-singer Michale Graves and his band Gotham Road. Those songs were made available on a factory pressed CD for the first time.
 Mount Wellington is a mountain located at the Queens Reach arm of the Jervis Inlet within the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia Canada. The mountain was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS Plumper who charted all the of the area and named the mountain after Duke of Wellington who defeated Napoleon at the famous battle of Waterloo.
 Franklin Block is an historic site at 1102-1110 Main Street in Brockton Massachusetts.The Romanesque Revival-style block was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Gemmula hawleyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Drifting Net Cafe (漂流ネットカフェ Hyōryū Netto Kafe) is a Japanese seinen manga by Shuzo Oshimi that is currently serialized in the manga magazine Manga Action. Drifting Net Cafe is a science fiction mystery involving a group of patrons trapped in an internet café which has become a strange universe of its own.
 Sydynivka (Ukrainian: Сидинівка) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine. From 1918 to 1939 the village was in Tarnopol Voivodeship in Poland.
 Gangavaram is a village and a Mandal in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It is one of the villages with a scarcity of water and food and minimum facilities for the citizens.
 ...Featuring Norah Jones (known as just ...Featuring) is a compilation album by American artist Norah Jones. It was released on November 16 2010 on Blue Note Records. The record includes songs by other artists on which Jones appeared including songs by her side projects the Little Willies and El Madmo. The album includes Here We Go Again a duet with Ray Charles which won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year in 2005.
 The Lesson (French: La Leçon) is a one-act play by French-Romanian playwright Eugène Ionesco. It was first performed in 1951 in a production directed by Marcel Cuvelier (who also played the Professor). Since 1957 it has been in permanent showing at Paris' Théâtre de la Huchette on an Ionesco double-bill with The Bald Soprano. The play is regarded as an important work in the Theatre of the Absurd.[citation needed]
 Kim M. Robak (born October 4 1955) is an American lawyer lobbyist and retired politician from Nebraska. She is a member of the Democratic Party.Robak was appointed the 35th Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska by Governor Ben Nelson following resignation of incumbent Maxine B. Moul in 1993. She was re-elected in 1994 ultimately serving from October 1993 to January 1999.
 Olos (2000) is an album by the Finnish rock group Absoluuttinen Nollapiste.
 Rich Olive was the Iowa State Senator from the 5th District. A Democrat he served in the Iowa Senate from 2007 until 2011.Olive served on several committees in the Iowa Senate - the Commerce committee; the Agriculture committee where he is vice chair; the Economic Growth committee where he is vice chair; and the Government Oversight committee where he is chair.Olive was elected in 2006 with 11224 votes (50%) defeating Republican opponent James Kurtenbach.
 Maps in a Mirror (1990) is a collection of short stories by Orson Scott Card. Like Card's novels most of the stories have a science fiction or fantasy theme. Some of the stories such as Ender's Game Lost Boys and Mikal's Songbird were later expanded into novels. Each of the smaller volumes that make up the larger collection as a whole are centered around a theme or genre. For instance Volume 1 The Changed Man reprints several of Card's horror stories.
 King Kothi Palace (Urdu: شاہ کوٹھی محل‎ Telugu: కింగ్ కోఠి ప్యాలెస్; or Nazri Bagh Palace) is a royal palace in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. It was the palace where the erstwhile ruler the Seventh Nizam Osman Ali Khan Asaf Jah VII of Hyderabad state lived.
 The Pierce-Borah House is a historic building in Garden City Idaho. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places the house was among the earliest designed by prominent Idaho architect John E. Tourtellotte. It was completed in 1897 and originally located at 11th and Franklin Streets in nearby Boise.The house was commissioned by Boise entrepreneur Walter E. Pierce but was sold in 1898 to William Borah later a prominent United States Senator. In 1959 the house was purchased by Vernon K.
 Glinka Szlachecka [ˈɡlinka ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Kostrzyn and 24 km (15 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Etheostoma mariae the pinewoods darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States where it is only known to occur in the Little Peedee River system in the Carolinas. It inhabits creeks preferring gravel riffles and vegetated areas with strong currents. This species can reach a length of 7.6 centimetres (3.0 in) TL though most only reach about 5.2 centimetres (2.0 in).
 Thomas Lyon-Bowes 12th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne (28 September 1822 – 13 September 1865) styled Lord Glamis between 1834 and 1846 was a Scottish peer and cricketer.
 Saravand (Persian: سراوند‎ also Romanized as Sarāvand and Sarāwand) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 295 in 67 families.
 The Night Wanderer: A Native Gothic Novel is a novel by Canadian author Drew Hayden Taylor published by Annick Press in 2007. The work is a novelization of Taylor’s 1992 play A Contemporary Gothic Indian Vampire Story.
 The Cider House Rules is a 1985 novel by John Irving. It is Irving's sixth published novel and has been adapted into a film of the same name and a stage play by Peter Parnell.
 Britney Spears: Live and More! is the second video album by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was released on VHS on November 21 2000 and later re-issued on DVD alongside Spears' first home video release Time Out with Britney Spears on February 13 2001. This video tracks Britney Spears on her much-publicized visit to Hawaii for her Crazy 2K Tour. Spears polished and sophisticated beyond her years tours the island with a mix of sightseeing fan appearances and live performances.
 Ziad Ahmed Bahaa-Eldin (born 30 August 1964) is an Egyptian economist commercial lawyer and politician.
 Neville George Pickering MBE (18 November 1923 – 25 June 1988) was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party.He won the 1957 election in the St Albans electorate in 1957.
 Mangere Mountain (also Mangere Domain for the park) is one of the largest volcanic cones in the Auckland Volcanic Field with a peak 106 metres above sea level and was the site of a major pā. Many of the pā's earthworks are still very evident. It offers spectacular panoramic views of Auckland.The mountain features two large craters. The volcano has a wide crater with a lava dome near its centre a feature shared by no other volcano in Auckland.
 The Goose Creek Mountains are a mountain range in Box Elder County Utah. It is also partly in Elko County Nevada.
 The West Somerville Branch Library is a historic library at 40 College Avenue in Somerville Massachusetts just outside of Davis Square.The library was built in 1906 opened in May 1909 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. It was the first branch library in Somerville. The original funds for building the library were a gift of $25000 from Andrew Carnegie the steel baron and philanthropist.
 Kastna is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Dębica-Kolonia [dɛmˈbit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Modern Masterpieces of Science Fiction is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Sam Moskowitz. It was first published in hardcover by World Publishing Co. in 1965 and reprinted by Hyperion Press in 1974.
 The Valea Albă River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Interpretations is a compilation album by The Carpenters released in February 1995 in both cassette tape and CD formats. Three of the songs on the album were previously unreleased; Without a Song From This Moment On and Tryin' to Get the Feeling Again. The album was released in order to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the duo's debut album Offering. A VHS of the same name was released several months later featuring footage from the duo's TV performances. It was later issued on DVD.
 Buck's Boy (foaled 1993 in Illinois) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Devlin’s Luck is the 2002 fantasy novel by Patricia Bray the first in the The Sword of Change series.
 The Hooded Grosbeak (Coccothraustes abeillei) is a passerine bird found in the highlands of Central America principally in Mexico.It flies high into the air often traveling long distances across open terrain.
 The Spy Who Loved Me (1977) is the tenth spy film in the James Bond series and the third to star Roger Moore as the fictional secret agent James Bond. It was directed by Lewis Gilbert and the screenplay was written by Christopher Wood and Richard Maibaum.The film takes its title from Ian Fleming's novel The Spy Who Loved Me the tenth book in the James Bond series though it does not contain any elements of the novel's plot.
 Hypolycaena anara the Savanna Fairy Hairstreak is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea-Bissau Guinea southern Burkina Faso northern Ivory Coast and north-eastern Nigeria. The habitat consists of dense savanna and dry forests in hilly country.
 Topallar is a village in the District of Amasra Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 90 people.
 And I Love You So is a 2009 Philippine romantic fantasy drama film produced by Star Cinema starring Bea Alonzo Sam Milby and Derek Ramsay. This film reunites Alonzo and Milby; the previous being Close to You (2006). The film is directed by Laurenti Dyogi and celebrates the 16th year of Star Cinema films.
 Linda Lanzillotta (born 7 September 1948) is an Italian politician. She was the minister for regional affairs and local communities between 2006 and 2008.
 The Birmingham Union workhouse was a workhouse on Western Road in Birmingham England. It was built between 1850 and 1852 under the Poor Law Amendment Act of 1834 to designs by John Jones Bateman and G Drury. The main entrance building though derelict is still extant. Its arched entrance was known as the arch of tears. The remainder of the workhouse was demolished in the early 1990s.In 1889 a hospital was built as an extension to the workhouse.
 The Batchawana River is a river in Algoma and Sudbury Districts of Ontario Canada which empties into Batchawana Bay on Lake Superior north of Sault Ste. Marie Ontario. The name Batchawana is derived from an Ojibwe word meaning turbulent waters.The Hudson's Bay Company established a fur trading post on the bay during the 19th century.
 Coraline /ˈkɒrəlaɪn/ is a horror/fantasy novella by British author Neil Gaiman published in 2002 by Bloomsbury and Harper Collins. It was awarded the 2003 Hugo Award for Best Novella the 2003 Nebula Award for Best Novella and the 2002 Bram Stoker Award for Best Work for Young Readers. It has been compared to Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and has been adapted into a 2009 stop-motion film directed by Henry Selick.
 Pseudodaphnella philippinensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Dietrich Wersich (born 1964) is a German politician of the German Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and physician. Since March 7 2011 he is chairman of the CDU parliamentary Group in the Hamburg state legislature (Hamburgische Bürgerschaft) the largest opposition party. From May 7 2008 to March 7 2011 he was Hamburg State Minister of Social Affairs Family Affairs Health and Consumer Protection. From November 29 2010 to March 7 2011 he was also Deputy Mayor of Hamburg.
 Purge (Finnish: Puhdistus) is a 2012 Finnish drama film directed by Antti Jokinen based on the novel of the same name by Sofi Oksanen. The film was selected as the Finnish entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist. At the 2013 Jussi Award the film received eight nominations including Best Film Best Direction and Best Costume Design.
 Dogue Creek is an 8.5-mile-long (13.7 km) tributary of the Potomac River in Fairfax County Virginia named for the Doeg Indians. The lower 3 miles (5 km) of the creek form a tidal embayment of the Potomac to the east of Fort Belvoir.
 Nowjeh Deh Daraq (Persian: نوجه ده درق‎ also Romanized as Nowjeh Deh Daraq and Nowjeh-ye Deh Daraq; also known as Darreh Noqadī Mollā Yaḩyá Darreh Nowqadī Mollā Yaḩyá Noojeh Deh Daragh Tūrān Now Deh and Turan-Nuvedi) is a village in Bonab Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 28 families.
 Błogosławie [bwɔɡɔˈswavjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakroczym within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has a population of 80.
 Joseph Alexander Gillies (September 17 1849 – July 7 1921) was a Canadian politician.Born in Irish Cove Nova Scotia the son of John Gillies and Mary McLean Gillies was educated at St. Francis Xavier University graduating in April 1871. He was called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1875 and practised law in Sydney.
 Tom Swift and His War Tank Or Doing His Bit for Uncle Sam is Volume 21 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 Paul Klopp (born 1957) is a politician in Ontario Canada. He served as a New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 1995. He is currently deputy mayor of Bluewater Ontario.
 Passion – Sources is the second of two albums of music from Martin Scorsese's film The Last Temptation of Christ. The first album Passion: Music for The Last Temptation of Christ by Peter Gabriel was released in 1989 in conjunction with the movie.
 Men from Earth is the fourth album by the Country rock/Southern rock band The Ozark Mountain Daredevils. Founding band member Randle Chowning left to go solo after The Car Over The Lake Album and was replaced by Rune Walle in time for Men From Earth. The album includes a pair of standout Larry Lee tunes the romantic You Know Like I Know and the hard-country Homemade Wine.
 Arachnomyia is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 Without You I'm Nothing is the second studio album by alternative rock band Placebo released on 12 October 1998 through Hut and Virgin Records.
 Paraschistura naseeri is a species of stone loach endemic to Pakistan.
 On the Turntable is a mix album released by Biz Markie. A follow-up was released in 2000 titled On the Turntable 2.
 The Mula-Mutha is a river in India formed by the confluence of the Mula and Mutha rivers in the city of Pune. It forms a tributary of the Bhima River in the Deccan plateau. It passes through the towns of Pune and Khadki. It originates in Mulshi near the dam.It is a monsoon based river and usually flooded in the rains and dry in the summer. However the rivers have become polluted in the city.Their confluence is at a village named Sangamwadi.
 Of Time and Space and Other Things is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by Isaac Asimov. It was the fourth of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1965.
 The Woodland Thicket Rat (Grammomys dolichurus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Angola Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Rwanda South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland arable land pastureland and urban areas.
 The Loneliest Punk is Fatlip's debut solo album. The album was recorded on Delicious Vinyl records. The name is a play on Thelonious Monk the famous jazz pianist.Production of the album was handled by acclaimed hip hop producer J-Swift (who was responsible for The Pharcyde's debut album Bizarre Ride II the Pharcyde) and producer Squeak E. Clean among others.
 Callaloo A Journal of African Diaspora Arts and Letters is a quarterly literary magazine that was established in 1976 by Charles Rowell who remains its editor-in-chief.
 Alsodes pehuenche is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Argentina and possibly Chile.Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Misery Index / Structure of Lies is a split CD between American deathgrind band Misery Index and death metal band Structure of Lies. Misery Index's tracks were recorded in March 2002 at Uncle Punchies Studio engineered by Uncle Punchy.
 The Seat Filler is an American romantic comedy musical film produced by the Company Production of Magnolia Home Entertainment Seat Filler Productions Shake Martin Films and Strange Fruit Films which released in 2004. It stars Kelly Rowland Duane Martin Melanie Brown Kyla Pratt and Shemar Moore.
 Line In The Sand is the third full-length album by Texas melodic hardcore band Close Your Eyes released on October 29 2013 through Victory Records. It is the band's first album featuring lead vocalist Sam Robinson formerly of Blessed by a Broken Heart.
 Janq'u Qullu (Aymara janq'u white qullu mountain white mountain hispanicized spelling Anco Collo) is a mountain in the Bolivian Andes about 5460 metres (17913 ft) high. The mountaineer Evelio Echevarría described it as a pure white mountain. It lies in the Kimsa Cruz mountain range near Wallatani Lake. It is situated in the La Paz Department at the border of Inquisivi Province and Loayza Province south east of the mountains Jach'a Khunu Qullu Wayna Khunu Qullu and San Luis.
 The Azure damselfly (Coenagrion puella) is a species of damselfly found in most of Europe. It is notable for its distinctive black and blue colouring.
 Crèvecœur Castle (French: Château de Crèvecœur) is a ruined castle in Belgium overlooking the village of Bouvignes-sur-Meuse in the province of Namur.
 Bloody Mary is the title of a series of science fiction comic book limited series written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Carlos Ezquerra. All of the series were published as part of DC Comics' Helix imprint. It is also the name of the main protagonist of the series.
 Naked City: The Complete Studio Recordings is a five disc box set that contains all of the studio albums released by Naked City during their five-year history. The five discs are accompanied by a book Eight Million Stories: Naked City Ephemera which contains a wealth of photos and art as well as testimonials from all five band members and numerous acquaintances friends fans and contributors such as Mike Patton Yamatsuka Eye Sean Lennon Mick Harris and Eyvind Kang.
 Music for Aliens is a collection of six songs by Space downloadable on their old website www.spacetheband.com made between 2002 and 2003 during the time the band were on hiatus from public recognition. While they were busy finding a new label and working on their next album Space released these tracks in order to keep their waiting fans happy.
 Sweethearts and Wives (1930) is an all-talking pre-code mystery comedy film produced and released by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros. and directed by Clarence G. Badger. The movie stars Billie Dove Clive Brook Sidney Blackmer and Leila Hyams. The film was based on the play entitled Other Men's Wives by Walter C. Hackett.
 The Forum Culiacan is a shopping mall located in Culiacán Sinaloa Mexico in Desarrollo Urbano 3 Ríos (3 Rivers Urban Development) one of the biggest districts in the city next to Culiacan river. The two story complex includes many clothing stores a petshop a food court and a cinema.
 The Ketagalan Culture Center (KCC; Chinese: 凱達格蘭文化館; pinyin: Kǎidágélán Wénhuàguǎn) is a cultural center in Beitou District Taipei Taiwan. The cultural center is dedicated to introduce the various Pingpu tribes cultures including the Ketagalan tribes cultures.
 The Pârâul Morii River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
 Hotel Dieu Hospital is a hospital in Kingston Ontario. It is affiliated with Queen's University and is a partner within Kingston's university hospitals delivering health care conducting research and training the health care professionals.
 Arpacık is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 138 people.
 Fort Mackinac is a former American military outpost garrisoned from the late 18th century to the late 19th century near Michilimackinac Michigan on Mackinac Island. The British built the fort during the American Revolutionary War to control the strategic Straits of Mackinac between Lake Michigan and Lake Huron (and by extension the fur trade on the Great Lakes) and did not relinquish it until fifteen years after American independence.
 Das Nasobēm usually translated into English as The Nasobame is a short nonsense poem by German writer Christian Morgenstern (1871–1914).
 Margaret Campbell (December 15 1912 – April 19 1999) was a municipal and provincial politician from Toronto Canada.
 The Last Frontier is a 1955 American Western directed by Anthony Mann and starring Victor Mature Guy Madison Robert Preston and Anne Bancroft. The film is set during the American Civil War at an isolated army base at the far reaches of the American frontier where the Indians still far outnumber the whites. The Last Frontier was filmed in color and CinemaScope. On television it has been shown retitled as Savage Wilderness.
 Tucumcari Mountain once referred to as Tucumcari Peak or Mesa Tucumcari is a mesa situated just outside of Tucumcari New Mexico.Where the mountain got its name is uncertain. It may have come from the Comanche word tukamukaru which means to lie in wait for someone or something to approach.
 The Worm Ouroboros is a heroic high fantasy novel by Eric Rücker Eddison first published in 1922. The book describes the protracted war between the domineering King Gorice of Witchland and the Lords of Demonland in an imaginary world that appears mainly medieval and partly reminiscent of Norse sagas.
 Whispered and Shouted is the second studio album released by Contemporary Christian musician Aaron Shust. It was released on June 5 2007 and debuted at #151 on the Billboard 200.
 2081 is a 2009 science fiction short film which premiered at the Seattle International Film Festival on May 29 2009. It is directed and written by Chandler Tuttle based on the short story Harrison Bergeron by author Kurt Vonnegut. The cast is led by James Cosmo Julie Hagerty and Armie Hammer with narration by Academy Award nominee Patricia Clarkson and an original score by Lee Brooks performed by the Kronos Quartet and Czech Philharmonic Chamber Orchestra.
 Üçbaş Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Eirenis lineomaculatus is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.It is found in Israel Jordan Lebanon Palestinian Territory Occupied Syria and Turkey.Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation rocky areas and rural gardens.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Saççılar is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 44 people.
 Entre abogados te veas (Among Lawyers I See You) is a 1951 Mexican film. It was produced by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Cambaridae is the largest of the three families of freshwater crayfish with over 400 species.
 Wałdowo Królewskie [vau̯ˈdɔvɔ kruˈlɛfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Dąbrowa Chełmińska 19 km (12 mi) east of Bydgoszcz and 28 km (17 mi) north-west of Toruń.
 Our Bodies Our Selves is the fifth album by the Berkeley California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience released in 1993 by Lookout! Records. It was the band's first album as a three-piece after the departure of founding guitarist Jon Von Zelowitz the previous year. It was also their last album with bassist Aaron Rubin and founding drummer Alex Laipeneiks. After their departures vocalist/guitarist Dr.
 The Azerbaijan State Academic Drama Theatre (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Akademik Milli Dram Teatrı) is an academic theatre of drama in Baku Azerbaijan.
 Sari Qomish-e Qeshlaq (Persian: ساري قميش قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Sārī Qomīsh-e Qeshlāq; also known as Sārī Qomīsh) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 463 in 77 families.
 Monte Volturino is a mountain of Basilicata Italy.
 Great While It Lasted is a 1915 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 The Church of St. Dominic is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 1739 Unionport Road Van Nest Bronx New York City. The parish was established in 1927. The Romanesque Revival was built 1925 to the designs of Bronx-native architect Anthony J. DePace of the firm DePace & Juster. In May 2011 two of the three bells were removed in order to service the wooden supports which were waterlogged and had seepage problems.
 Final Exam is a 1981 slasher film that stars Cecile Bagdadi Joel S. Rice & Timothy L. Raynor. The film is notable for focusing on establishing its characters and solid pacing. Director Jimmy Huston also wanted to go against the norm with the film and decided to feature little on-screen graphic violence. Still like most slasher films of the 1980s it was battered by critics and received only a brief theatrical run.
 James Emanuel Jeb Boasberg (born February 20 1963) is a District Judge on the United States District Court for the District of Columbia and former associate judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia.
 Sanjay Singh Chauhan (born 10 October 1961) is an Indian politician. He is the active member of the Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) and a member of Parliament representing Bijnor in Uttar Pradesh state in the 15th Lok Sabha. He was also a Member of State Legislative Assembly Uttar Pradesh from 1996-2001He is son of Chaudhary Narain Singh Ex Deputy CM of Uttar Pradesh. He graduated with B.A. LL.B. Educated at S.D. Degree College and D.A.V. Degree College Muzaffar Nagar and Ch.
 Varzard Arpena (Persian: ورزرد ارپناه‎ also Romanized as Varzard Ārpenāh) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Escape! is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published as Paradoxical Escape (a publisher's change in the title) in the August 1945 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted as Escape! (Asimov's choice of title) in the collections I Robot (1950) and The Complete Robot (1982).
 Sandra Lea Lynch (born July 31 1946) is the chief judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. She is the first woman to have served on that Court and on June 16 2008 became its first female chief judge.
 A Mirror to the Blind is a biography of Dr. Abdul Sattar Edhi a world renowned philanthropist. The book was written by Tehmina Durrani and first published in 1996.
 Dharma Patni or Dharmapatni (Telugu: ధర్మపత్ని Tamil: தர்மபத்தினி English: Married wife) is a 1941 Telugu/Tamil film. It is the debut film for famous writer-cum-producer Alur Chakrapani and veteran actor-cum-producer Akkineni Nageswara Rao. Akkineni played a minor child role and was aged 15 years.
 I Killed Rasputin (French: J'ai tué Raspoutine) is a 1967 Italo-Franco biographical film directed by Robert Hossein. Gert Fröbe stars as the main subject Grigori Rasputin. It is based on the work Lost Splendor by Felix Yusupov a nobleman and participant in the murder of Rasputin. The script was approved by Yusupov and he also agreed to appear in the film. In the introductory interview of the film Yussupov demonstrated that his loathing for Rasputin remained undiminished.
 Left Hand Pathology is a debut full length album by Swedish goregrind/death metal band General Surgery after seventeen years forming. The title is a reference to the Entombed's album Left Hand Path. The cover illustrations was taken from De humani corporis fabrica by Andreas Vesalius (Brussels 1514-1564).
 A Predicament is a humorous short story by Edgar Allan Poe usually combined with its companion piece How to Write a Blackwood Article. It was originally titled The Scythe of Time.
 The Charles Granke House at 406 S. Seventh St. in Hamilton Montana is a historic house that was built in 1906. It includes Colonial Revival and Queen Anne architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. The listing included two contributing buildings.It was built in approximately 1906 by the Anaconda Copper Mining Company as a worker cottage for workers at the sawmill that operated in Hamilton until 1915. Charles W.
 Night of the Living Rerun is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
 A Tough Winter is a 1930 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 99th (11th talking) Our Gang short that was released.
 Pierre Charles José Marie Harmel Count Harmel (16 March 1911 – 15 November 2009) was a Belgian lawyer Christian Democratic politician and diplomat. Harmel served eight months as the 40th Prime Minister of Belgium.
 Metalectra is a genus of moths formerly of the Noctuidae family. The Noctuidae family of moths are mostly classified in the family Erebidae now along with all of the former members of the families Arctiidae and Lymantriidae. This re-classification has not yet met with general consensus and many resources and publications still follow the older classification scheme (e.g.).
 The Waiwhakaiho River is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand's North Island. One of many rivers and streams radiating from the slopes of Taranaki/Mount Egmont it flows initially northeast before veering northwest to reach the Tasman Sea close to the New Plymouth suburb of Fitzroy. Near the sea it is crossed by the coastal walkway connecting New Plymouth with Bell Block via the Te Rewa Rewa Bridge.
 Feldfebel Dyankovo is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Castle Orgies (色暦大奥秘話 Irogoyomi ōoku hiwa) aka Eros Schedule Book: Concubine Secrets and Sensual History: Shogun's Harem Secret Story is a 1971 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Isao Hayashi and starring Setsuko Ogawa and Yoichi Nishikawa. Part of Nikkatsu's first Roman porno double-bill release it was the first film in the 9-film Eros Schedule Book series and actress Setsuko Ogawa's debut film.
 Cima de Gagela is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located between the Val Calanca and the Mesolcina in the canton of Graubünden. With a height of 2805 metres above sea level it is the highest summit of the range located south of Pass di Passit (2082 metres). The mountain lies approximately halfway between Rossa and Mesocco.
 Jungle Ki Pukar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 The Thief of Venice or Il Ladro di Venezia is a 1950 Italian film directed by John Brahm. The US title was The Thief of Venice.It was released in the US two years after being made.
 Attack on a China Mission is a 1900 British short silent drama film directed by James Williamson showing some sailors coming to the rescue of the wife of a missionary killed by Boxers.
 Engelberger Aa (or Engelbergeraa) is a river in Switzerland. It rises west of Surenenpass in the Canton of Uri flows through the valley of Engelberg (Obwalden) and Nidwalden. At Buochs it empties into Lake Lucerne and is thus a tributary of the river Reuss which drains that lake.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Noetia ponderosa or the ponderous ark clam is a clam in the family Noetiidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from Virginia to Texas.
 Khungri is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3564 people living in 695 individual households.
 'From Silence to Sorcery' is an album of contemporary classical music by John Zorn which features three instrumental works touching upon themes of magic and mysticism. Goetia is a set of variations for solo violin written in 2002. Gris-Gris (2000) is a work for thirteen tuned drums performed by William Winant inspired by the music of Korean Shamanism Haitian Voodoo and a scene from Howard Hawks’ classic film To Have and Have Not.
 Counting the Eons is a collection of seventeen nonfiction science essays written by Isaac Asimov. It was the sixteenth of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction these being first published between August 1980 and December 1981. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1983.
 Pantheon is an American comic book series written by Bill Willingham. The series was published by independent publisher Lone Star Press and is set in its own self-contained universe.The complete series was published in thirteen issues. The first six were published in 1998–1999. The next six were published in 2001. The final issue was published in May 2004.
 Goethe Basin is a 383 km diameter impact basin at 78.5° N 44.5° W on Mercury. It is named after Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
 This article is about the 1949 film not the book on Betty and Barney Hill abduction case.The Interrupted Journey is a 1949 British thriller film directed by Daniel Birt and starring Valerie Hobson Richard Todd Christine Norden and Tom Walls. A man fleeing with his mistress narrowly escapes a train crash after he pulls the emergency cord and is wracked with guilt. The railways scenes were shot at Longmoor in Hampshire.
 Sopot is a village in Krapina-Zagorje County Croatia.
 Mount Tapulao (also known as High Peak) is the tallest mountain in the Zambales Mountain range and in the province of Zambales in the Philippines. The peak which rise to an elevation of 2037 metres (6683 ft) is located in the municipality of Palauig Zambales. Its name is derived from the abundance of Sumatran Pine trees in the area known in the local Zambal dialect as tapulao.The mountain was once a site of a large-scale chromite mining operations.
 Narendra Kumar Kushwaha (born 1 July 1967) is an Indian politician with the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP). He stood for the 2004 Lok Sabha elections on the BSP ticket and was a Member of Parliament from Mirzapur.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 23 families.
 Giannis Diamantidis (Greek: Γιάννης Διαμαντίδης born in 1948 in Athens Greece) is a Greek politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement and the former Minister for Maritime Affairs Islands and Fisheries of Greece.
 The Art of Happiness (Riverhead 1998 ISBN 1-57322-111-2) is a book by the Dalai Lama and Howard Cutler a psychiatrist who posed questions to the Dalai Lama. Cutler quotes the Dalai Lama at length providing context and describing some details of the settings in which the interviews took place as well as adding his own reflections on issues raised.The book explores training the human outlook that alters perception.
 David W. Wolfe (born October 11 1942) is an American Republican Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 1992 where he represents the 10th Legislative District.
 Takin' the Country Back is the seventeenth studio album of country music artist John Anderson. It was released in 1997 under the Mercury Records label. The album produced the singles: Somebody Slap Me which peaked at 22 on Country charts Small Town which peaked at 44 and the title track which peaked at 41.
 The Rufescent Darkeye (Tephrozosterops stalkeri) also known as the Bicoloured White-eye is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Tephrozosterops.[citation needed] It is endemic to the island of Seram in Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 With Every Heartbeat also released as Kiss Me (Swedish: Kyss mig) is a 2011 Swedish drama film directed by Alexandra Therese Keining. The film won the Breakthrough Award at the 2011 AFI Festival.
 Malinowo [maliˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Klukowo 22 km (14 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Loneliness Knows My Name is the full-length debut LP by singer-songwriter Patrick Park released in 2003. Some of the songs have achieved popular status through their use on the television programme The O.C..
 Afternoon of the Bulls (Spanish: Tarde de toros) is a 1956 Spanish drama film directed by Ladislao Vajda. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival. The film was selected as the Spanish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 29th Academy Awards.
 The Eisbach locally known as die Eis is a 38 km long river and left or western tributary of the Rhine in the northeastern Palatinate and southeastern Rhenish Hesse in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
 The International Journal of Jaina Studies (IJJS) is an open access peer reviewed journal published by the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) at the University of London since 2005.
 San Miguel (also known as Volcán Chaparrastique) is a stratovolcano in central-eastern El Salvador. It is situated approximately 15 km southwest of the city of San Miguel. On December 29 2013 San Miguel erupted at 10:30 local time spewing ash and smoke into the sky and prompted the evacuation of thousands of people living in a 3 km radius around the volcano. The eruption was the first for 11 years.
 The Encyclopedia Rizaliana is one of the more recent subject-specific encyclopedias in the English language. As the name suggests it is published mainly for those who would like to know and learn more about the Philippines' foremost patriot Dr. Jose Protasio Rizal: his life his works and his continuing influences.
 The Dark Stairway is a 1953 British short film about Scotland Yard.
 The Pat River (Thai: แม่น้ำปาด RTGS: Maenam Pat Thai pronunciation: [mɛ̂ːnáːmː pàːt]) is a river of Thailand and part of the Chao Phraya River basin. It joins the Nan River in Uttaradit Province.
 The Long Ships is a 1964 British-Yugoslavian adventure film directed by Jack Cardiff and stars Richard Widmark Sidney Poitier and Russ Tamblyn.
 Achante Aanmakkal is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by Chandrasekharan starring Sarath Kumar Meghna Raj and Nedumudi Venu in the lead roles. The film was later dubbed in Tamil as Narasimhan IPS.
 Bakhshi Varz (Persian: بخشي ورز‎ also Romanized as Bakshī Varz) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 15 families.
 Pakal (Persian: پاكل‎ also Romanized as Pākal; also known as Bākal) is a village in Astaneh Rural District in the Central District of Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 721 in 224 families.
 Abraham and Maria LeFevre House is a historic home located at Gardiner in Ulster County New York. It is a long rectangular one and one half story stone dwelling capped by a steep gable roof. It was built in three stages between 1742 and 1798.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Dead Cities Red Seas & Lost Ghosts is the second studio album by the French electronic/dream pop group M83. The album was first released in Europe on April 14 2003 then in North America on July 27 2004 to positive reviews. The cover art is by Justine Kurland and is called Snow Angels.
 Love in Quarantine is a 1910 short silent comedy film directed by Frank Powell and starring Mack Sennett.
 Deh Now (Persian: دهنو‎; also known as Deh-i-Nau) is a village in Kavir Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 508 in 130 families.
 Bloody Monday (ブラッディ・マンデイ Buraddi Mandei) is a Japanese manga series written by Ryumon Ryo and illustrated by Megumi Koji. The series had been serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine by Kodansha from April 2007 to May 2009 with individual chapters collected into eleven tankōbon volume as of May 15 2009 and a total of 96 chapters altogether. The manga has also been adapted into a drama series which aired on October 11 2008 starring Haruma Miura.
 Stigmella sanguisorbae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Germany and Poland to Switzerland Austria and Hungary.The larvae feed on Sanguisorba officinalis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a gradually widening corridor. At first it runs along the leaf margin. Then the corridor doubles in width and makes a secondary blotch. Frass can be found over the entire length in a diffuse central line. Pupation takes place outside of the mine.
 Rising is the fourth studio album by Australian punk rock band The Go Set.
 The San Antonio River (Spanish Río San Antonio Portuguese Rio Santo Antônio; also called San Antonio Guazú) is a tributary of the Iguazu River. The San Antonio River forms the border between Misiones Province in Argentina and Paraná State in Brazil. South of the San Antonio's source near Barracão the international border continues south along the Pepiri-Guazu River which forms the border between Misiones Province and Santa Catarina State.
 The Old River is a perennial river of the Port Phillip catchment located in the Western District region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The William T. Goodrich House is located on the eastside of Davenport Iowa United States. The Queen Anne style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Anisyntoides is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Hypatopa erato is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is about 6.2 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with brownish-orange and brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Anisotenes dracontodonta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 The Cameroon forest tree frog Leptopelis brevirostris is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family found in Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon and Nigeria and possibly the Central African Republic and the Republic of the Congo.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 L'Avventura (English: The Adventure) is a 1960 Italian film directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Gabriele Ferzetti Monica Vitti and Lea Massari. Developed from a story by Antonioni the film is about a young woman's disappearance during a Mediterranean boating trip. Her lover and her best friend during the subsequent search for her become attracted to each other.
 Maastoren is a 44-storey 165 m (541 ft) office skyscraper complex in Rotterdam Netherlands. The building was designed by Dam & Partners in cooperation with Odile Decq Benoit Cornette and it is the tallest in the Netherlands. The building is mainly used as office space. The tower's parking garage comprises 10 stories above ground and 2 stories below with 634 spaces. Deloitte AKD Prinsen van Wijmen RSA Mabanaft and Q-Park rent space in the building.
 Get Happy with the Randy Weston Trio is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1955 and released on the Riverside label.
 Helicodiscus is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicodiscidae.
 You Pay for the Whole Seat but You'll Only Need the Edge is the second album released by the Norwegian rock group Animal Alpha. The track Fire! Fire! Fire! was used as a soundtrack in the game MotorStorm Pacific Rift.
 Donya is a 2003 Iranian movie directed by Manuchehr Mosayeri. It focuses on the relationship between a woman who has just returned to Iran from abroad and a conservative man.
 Sound of Water (2000) is an album by Saint Etienne. At the time of release this album split the band's fanbase between those who preferred the more commercial song-based sound of Good Humor and singles like You're in a Bad Way and He's on the Phone from those who appreciated the band's new direction which was more experimental in nature.
 Suksaha (Manchu: ; Chinese: 蘇克薩哈; pinyin: Sūkèsàhā) was a one of the Four Regents during the early reign of the Kangxi Emperor in the Qing Dynasty.Like his father Suna he was from the Nara clan but the family fought under the White Banner of the Manchu Eight Banners instead. During the Manchurian conquest of China he was rewarded for his military successes and was made a Grand Councillor (議政大臣). During that time Suksaha was loyal to the Prince Regent Dorgon.
 Abyss is the fourth album by British heavy metal band Lionsheart released by Metaledge Records on 24 June 2004.
 Boston is a novel by Upton Sinclair. It is a documentary novel that combines the facts of the case with journalistic depictions of actual participants and fictional characters and events. Sinclair indicted the American system of justice by setting his characters in the context of the prosecution and execution of Sacco and Vanzetti.
 Alanngorsuaq is a 411 metres (1348 ft) high mountain in the Qeqqata municipality in western Greenland. It is located on the mainland of Greenland in Sisimiut valley approximately 3 km (1.9 mi) east of the town.
 John Joyce Jack Gilligan (March 22 1921 – August 26 2013) was an American Democratic politician from the state of Ohio who served as a U.S. Representative and the 62nd Governor of Ohio. He was the father of Kathleen Sebelius the Secretary of Health and Human Services and former Governor of Kansas. Gilligan and Sebelius are the only father and daughter ever to have both been elected state governors.
 Filth is an album by breakcore artist Venetian Snares.The track Kakarookee Hates Me contains samples from the track Poor Kakarookee from Funk's earlier album Songs About My Cats.
 Made In Japan is a 1972 album by Flower Travellin' Band. Hiroshima Heaven and Hell and Aw Give Me Air were covered by Cult of Personality 9 and punk band Pulling Teeth respectively for the 2000 Flower Travellin' Band Tribute album.
 Edward Samuel Miliband (born 24 December 1969) is a British Labour Party politician currently the Leader of the Labour Party and Leader of the Opposition. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Doncaster North since 2005 and served in the Cabinet from 2007 to 2010 under Prime Minister Gordon Brown. He and his brother David Miliband were the first siblings to sit in the Cabinet simultaneously since Edward Lord Stanley and Oliver Stanley in 1938.
 An Atlas of Fantasy compiled by Jeremiah Benjamin Post was originally published in 1973 by Mirage Press and revised for a 1979 edition by Ballantine Books. The 1979 edition dropped twelve maps from the first edition and added fourteen new ones.
 Pudląg [ˈpudlɔnk] (German Paudling) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Lupe Chavira Contreras is a state representative from Arizona representing the 19th district. Contreras was elected to the Arizona House of Representatives in 2013. Contreras serves on the Federalism and Fiscal Responsibility Committee and the Judiciary Committee. She is a member of the Democratic Party.
 The Verdict (Dutch: Het vonnis) is a 2013 Belgian drama film directed by Jan Verheyen that premiered at the Montreal International Film Festival.
 The Paul Martin Sr. Building is a 5-storey Art deco lowrise office building in downtown Windsor Ontario located on the west side of Ouellette Avenue between Chatham St and Pitt St. It is named after Paul Martin Sr. father of former Prime Minister of Canada Paul Martin. The building is also known by its French name Edifice Paul Martin and was at one time nicknamed the Post Office Building because it once housed the Canada Post office.
 Seth McKeel (born on June 5 1975) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 40th District which includes most of metropolitan Lakeland in Polk County since 2012.
 A Graveyard of Empty Bottles is rock band The Dogs D'Amour's third studio album released in 1989. The album is the first of the band's full-length albums to enter the UK Albums Chart top 100 reaching #16.The album itself didn't actually spawn any singles even though it was the Dogs D'Amour's highest ever charting release. All guitars on the album are acoustic.The album was also released in a limited edition 10 vinyl format.
 Seán MacBride (26 January 1904 – 15 January 1988) was an Irish government minister a prominent international politician and a former Chief of Staff of the IRA.Rising from a domestic Irish political career he founded or participated in many international organisations of the 20th century including the United Nations the Council of Europe and Amnesty International. He received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1974 the Lenin Peace Prize for 1975–1976 and the UNESCO Silver Medal for Service in 1980.
 David Simpson (born June 27 1961) is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from the 7th district based in Longview Texas. In 2010 he unseated the incumbent Tommy Merritt of Longview in the Republican primary with 52.88 percent of the vote and then prevailed in the general election for the 82nd Texas Legislature on November 2 2010 with 91.28 percent of the vote having had no Democrat opponent.
 The Louisiana Weekly is a weekly newspaper published in New Orleans Louisiana United States. It covers topics of interest to the African American community especially in the New Orleans area and south Louisiana. It has a circulation of 5854.The Louisiana Weekly was established by the C.C. Dejoie family in 1925.
 Quiet Storms: Romances for Flute and Harp is a 1988 New Age album by Michael Hoppé.
 Rick Wade is a South Carolina businessman and politician.
 Bandalemoor is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Manchal mandal.
 Ocana an Intermittent Portrait (Catalan: Ocaña retrat intermitent) is a 1978 Spanish documentary film directed by Ventura Pons. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1978 Cannes Film Festival.
 Kõmmusselja is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Rajska (Cyrillic: Рајска) is a village in the municipality of Gradačac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Narcotics Story is a 1958 American film directed by Robert W. Larsen.The film is also known as Goofballs and Tea (American informal short title).
 August Rush is a 2007 drama film directed by Kirsten Sheridan and written by Nick Castle James V. Hart and Paul Castro and produced by Richard Barton Lewis.Deciding to run away to New York City musical prodigy Evan Taylor begins to unravel the mystery of who he is. All the while Evan Taylor's mother is searching for him whilst his father is searching for her.
 Miholjački Poreč is a village in the region of Osijek-Baranja in Croatia.
 The Ida May is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack built in 1906 at Urbanna or Deep Creek Virginia. She is a 42.2-foot-long (12.9 m) two-sail bateau or V-bottomed deadrise type of centerboard sloop. She has a beam of 14.4 feet (4.4 m) a depth of 3.3 feet (1.0 m) and a net register tonnage of 7. She is one of the 35 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay skipjacks and a member of the last commercial sailing fleet in the United States.
 Tina Stowell Baroness Stowell of Beeston MBE (born 2 July 1967) is a Conservative member of the House of Lords and a former Head of Corporate Affairs for the BBC. She was previously Head of Communications for three Chairman of the BBC: Gavyn Davies Michael Grade and Michael Lyons. She worked at the Ministry of Defence at the UK Embassy to the US and at 10 Downing Street during the Major premiership being awarded the MBE for services to the Prime Minister in 1996.
 A Revelation For Despair is the debut album by Australian hard rock band Behind Crimson Eyes. It was recorded at Sing Sing South South Yarra and Sing Sing Richmond in Melbourne Australia. The lead single is Shakedown. The second single released from the album is You've Had Your Chance.
 Live at Hammersmith '82! is a live album by the band Duran Duran. Originally recorded at the Hammersmith Odeon on 16 November 1982 (1982-11-16) it was released by EMI Records on 21 September 2009 (2009-09-21) (6 October 2009 (2009-10-06) in the U.S.) as a CD/DVD double pack.The set was the third of three nights at the Hammersmith Odeon.
 The Hudson and Manhattan Railroad Powerhouse also known as the Jersey City Powerhouse in Jersey City Hudson County New Jersey United States was built in 1908. The powerhouse made possible the subway system between New Jersey and New York for the Hudson and Manhattan Railroad (which became PATH in 1963). The powerhouse was closed in 1929 and used as a storage place for railroad equipment.
 Underwater Technology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on underwater technology ocean science and offshore engineering. It is the official journal of the Society for Underwater Technology. It was established in 1975 and is published three times per year in hard copy and electronic format.The journal publishes both technical papers and technical briefings the latter being shorter papers.
 The Phantom of the Range is a 1936 American film directed by Robert F. Hill.
 Elachista stictifica is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.The wingspan is 9.2-10.2 mm for males and 9.2-9.8 mm for females.
 13 is the second album from New Jersey heavy metal band Solace.Considered heavier angrier and musically more aggressive than its predecessor Further 13 continued to raise Solace above their Stoner rock stereotype with its Heavy metal and Doom metal influences this time with help from genre legend Scott Weinrich (also known as Wino formerly of The Obsessed Saint Vitus Spirit Caravan).
 Black Oak Arkansas is the 1971 eponymous debut album by Black Oak Arkansas.
 The Hollister Carnegie Library (previously: Hollister Free Public Library; now Hollister City Hall) is located on 375 Fifth Street in Hollister California US. Established in 1912 as a Carnegie library decades later it was re-purposed as a city hall. The building is part of the downtown's National Register-listed historic district and was entered itself into the National Register on March 26 1992.
 Milán Václavík (28 March 1928 – 2007) was a Slovak-origin Czechoslovak military officer with the rank of colonel general. He served as defense minister from 1985 to 1989 being the last communist-era defense minister of Czechoslovakia.
 The Ōkārito River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northwest from the northern end of Lake Mapourika reaching the Ōkārito Lagoon 15 kilometres west of Whataroa.
 The Bretila River is a tributary of the Bistriţa Aurie River in Romania.
 Us Two (French: À nous deux) is a 1979 French drama film directed by Claude Lelouch. It was shown out of competition at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival.
 Koczała [kɔˈt͡ʂawa] (German: Flötenstein) is a village in Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Koczała. It lies approximately 35 kilometres (22 mi) north-west of Człuchów and 115 km (71 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2111.
 The Elm Street Fire House is a historic fire house at 24 Elm Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. It was Southbridge's second fire house (after the Globe Village Fire House) to be built in the 1890s. It was designed by Worcester architect George H. Clemence whose previous commissions included some of that city's fire houses.
 Jurmana is a 1996 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Rambha Ashwini Bhave Kiran Kumar Shakti Kapoor Raza Murad and Ronit Roy
 Brachydiplax denticauda is found in Australia New Guinea and the Solomon Islands and is common over much of its range. The species is usually found near still or sluggish waters.Males of this species are typical in colour for the genus being bright powder blue on both the thorax and abdomen. The labrum is pale cream thus giving the species its common name of Palemouth.
 Thotti Gang is a 2002 Telugu comedy film produced and directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana starring Prabhu Deva Allari Naresh Sunil Gajala and Anita Hassanandani in the lead roles. The movie was released on 6 December 2002 to positive reviews and was declared a super hit at the box office. The movie was inspired from the Hollywood movie Saving Silverman.
 Blerekvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. It lies at the northern base of the mountain Junkerfjellet about 40 kilometres (25 mi) straight east of the town of Mo i Rana.
 Rufus Nelson England (May 4 1851 – November 28 1911) was a merchant and political figure in Quebec. He represented Brome in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1889 to 1897 as a Conservative.He was born in Knowlton Canada East the son of Israël England and Mary Villiers Curtis and was educated at the Knowlton Academy and Stanstead College. England was a telegraph operator for the Canadian Pacific Railway and postmaster at Knowlton.
 Dormah Kola (Persian: درمه كلا‎ also Romanized as Dormah Kolā; also known as Dormah Kolā-ye Bālā) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 76 families.
 Barton Lodge also known as Malvern Hall and French House is a historic home located near Hot Springs Bath County Virginia. It was built in 1898-1900 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay double pile Classical Revival style frame dwelling. It features a hipped roof with two hipped-roofed dormers on the north and south elevations and a templefront featuring a pedimented portico supported by Corinthian order columns. It has a one-story flat-roofed four-bay west wing.
 Franklin Delano Roosevelt (/ˈroʊzəvəlt/ ROH-zə-vəlt his own pronunciation or /ˈroʊzəvɛlt/ ROH-zə-velt) (January 30 1882 – April 12 1945) commonly known by his initials FDR was an American statesman and political leader who served as the 32nd President of the United States. A Democrat he was elected four times and served from March 1933 to his death in April 1945.
 My Father (Hangul: 마이 파더; RR: Mai Padeo) is a 2007 South Korean film. The film which is based on a true story is about an adopted son who is searching for his biological parents in South Korea. During his search he meets his real father a condemned murderer on death row. Daniel Henney plays the lead role of James who works as a volunteer in the United States armed forces in Korea. He asks questions of why his father is on death row and finds out things that he always wanted to know.
 Raymond Gordon Hopper (born 3 March 1960) is an Australian politician. He has been a member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland since 2001. Originally elected as an independent in 2001 he joined the National Party later that year and the Liberal National Party in 2008.
 George Habash (Arabic: جورج حبش‎) also known by his laqab al-Hakim (Arabic:الحكيم — the wise one or the doctor) (2 August 1926 – 26 January 2008) was a Marxist and Palestinian Christian who founded the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine. Habash served as Secretary-General of the Palestine Front until 2000 when ill health forced him to resign.
 Chorzepin [xɔˈʐɛpin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Świnice Warckie 23 km (14 mi) west of Łęczyca and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 St. Mary's Orthopaedic Hospital is a public hospital located in Cork Ireland. It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides orthopaedic services for the population of County Cork. In 2008 the hospital served 11580 out-patients and 2240 in-patients with an average stay of 9.0 nights. 65.5% of patients were elective admissions. The hospital saw 1257 day cases in the same year.
 Antony Gervase Mbassa (born 3 February 1972) is a Tanzanian CHADEMA politician and Member of Parliament for Biharamulo West constituency since 2010.
 Zoramia fragilis is a Cardinalfish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 5.5cm in length.
 Henry Evans Howell Jr. (September 5 1920 – July 7 1997) nicknamed Howlin' Henry Howell was an American politician from the U.S. state of Virginia. A member of the Democratic Party he served in both houses of the state legislature was elected the 31st Lieutenant Governor of Virginia as an Independent and made several runs for Governor.
 Middle Dodd is a fell in the English Lake District an outlier of the Helvellyn range in the Eastern Fells. It stands above Kirkstone Pass on the road from Ullswater to Ambleside.
 The James J. Hill Reference Library is a public business research library in downtown Saint Paul Minnesota. It is open to the public and its resources can be used for free on site. In addition the Hill Library hosts business and social events in its historic reading room. The library is part of the civic legacy of James J.
 Be a Wicked Woman (천사여 악녀가 되라 Cheonsayeo aknyeoga doera) also known as Angel Become an Evil Woman is a 1990 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.
 Bloc Party is an EP compilation of Bloc Party's first two UK-only singles: She's Hearing Voices and Banquet/Staying Fat. Released on 24 May 2004 it was Bloc Party's first V2 Records EP. It was released later in Japan in August 2004 and then in the United States by Dim Mak Records in September of the same year.
 East Parish Burying Ground also known as Centre Street Burying Ground or Centre Street Cemetery is an historic cemetery located at Centre and Cotton streets in the village of Newton Corner in the city of Newton Massachusetts. On December 23 1983 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It has been called the most important the most evocative and also the most fragile historic site in the city.
 Gobbur (B) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Afzalpur taluk of Gulbarga district in Karnataka.
 Big House is a historic home located at Palisades in Rockland County New York. The Big House is the oldest dwelling in Palisades and the only building remaining from the hamlet's formative years. It was built about 1735 and is a large stone dwelling in a vernacular ethnic Dutch style. It consists of a rectangular central block flanked on either side by wings.
 Bulworth is a 1998 American comedy-drama film co-written co-produced directed by and starring Warren Beatty. It co-stars Halle Berry Oliver Platt Don Cheadle Paul Sorvino Jack Warden and Isaiah Washington. The film follows the title character California Senator Jay Billington Bulworth (Beatty) as he runs for re-election while trying to avoid a hired assassin.
 Wielki Łan [ˈvjɛlki ˈwan] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Brus within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) west of Włodawa and 52 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mount St. Joseph Abbey is an abbey of the Trappist branch of the Cistercians located near Roscrea North Tipperary in Ireland. The abbey was founded in 1878 by a group of 32 Monks from Mount Melleray Abbey County Waterford. The church was opened for worship in 1883 and a Boarding school - Cistercian College Roscrea - was founded in 1905.Three foundations have been made from Mount Saint Joseph - Nunraw (Scotland) in 1946 Tarrawarra (Australia) in 1954 and Bolton (County Kildare) in 1964.
 For the Audrey Hepburn film of the same title see The Secret People (film).The Secret People (1935) is a science fiction novel by John Wyndham. It is set in 1964 and features a British couple who find themselves held captive by an ancient race of pygmies dwelling beneath the Sahara desert. The novel was written under Wyndham's early pen name John Beynon.
 Captive is a 1986 British-French film inspired by the Patty Hearst story.
 Ukala (Ang Walang Suko) meaning Ukala (The Unrelenting) [i.e. the one who doesn't give up] was a comic strip title in Philippine comics. The main character in the comic book story is Ukala. Ukala was created in the 1950s by distinguished Filipino illustrator Alfredo Alcala. Ukala the character was a Native American Indian or Amerindian.
 Dymasia is a monotypic genus of butterflies from southern USA to Central America in the family Nymphalidae that contains the species Tiny Checkerspot or Dyman Checkerspot (Dymasia dymas).
 Hare Brained: The Remixes is an EP by the Seattle-based digital hardcore band Rabbit Junk. The album contains three remixes by the Rabbit Junk fan and unsigned artist Asbestos (frontman of the Fort Collins CO industrial band Plasmacrash) and a hidden joke acoustic track called Die Die Die which was recorded with JP Anderson Sum Grrl and some of their friends.
 The Fallible Fiend is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp the third book of his Novarian series. It was first published as a two-part serial in the magazine Fantastic for December 1972 and February 1973 and subsequently expanded and revised for book publication. In its original form it won the 1973 British Fantasy Award for short story.
 Dan Watermeier (born May 29 1961 in Lincoln Nebraska) is an American politician and is a Nebraska state senator in the unicameral Nebraska Legislature representing District 1; the legislature itself is non-partisan.
 Dewan Mushtaq Ahmed (Urdu: دیوان مشتاق احمد‎) (born September 23 1949 at Mandi Bahauddin) is a Pakistani politician. He received his Intermediate from Mandi Mandi Bahauddin and is the son of Dewan Muhammad Ishaq. He is an agriculturist who also have served as Chairman Municipal Committee of Mandi Bahauddin for six years. He was elected as a MPA Member of the Provincial Assembly to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab in 1997 till 1999.
 Vimochanam (English: Salvation) is a 1939 Indian Tamil film dealing with the issue of prohibition. Directed by T. Marconi the film stars Hemalatha Kanthamani Baby Jaya Indira Bhagirathi T. P. Sundari Selva and Suguna in the lead roles. This film received considerable attention because of the values it propagated and since most of the artistes were girl children. No print or stills of this film are known to exist presently and most film historians are hardly aware of this film.
 3 Words is the debut studio album from British pop singer Cheryl Cole released on 23 October 2009 by Fascination Records. The project is Cole's first solo release following a break from releasing material with her band Girls Aloud who after seven years have enjoyed five successful albums and twenty consecutive top-ten singles. Recorded in Los Angeles and London Cole had mainly collaborated with will.i.am of The Black Eyed Peas who was executive producer of the album.
 Parthenina is a genus of very small sea snails pyramidellid gastropod mollusks or micromollusks. This genus is currently placed in the subfamily Chrysallidinae of the family Odostomiidae. The name Parthenia was created by Lowe in 1840 for the species in this group but had to be replaced since it was preoccupied by a name for a group of dipterans described by Roubineau-Desvoidy in 1830.
 Love for Rent is a 2005 romantic comedy directed by Shane Edelman. It stars Angie Cepeda Ken Marino Nora Dunn and Martita Roca.
 This Way Please is a 1937 American musical comedy featuring Charles Rogers a popular singer from the days of vaudeville entertainment.According to historian Martin Grams this motion picture was the introduction of Mary Livingstone (Mrs. Jack Benny) and Jim and Marian Jordan (radio's Fibber McGee and Molly). This was also Betty Grable's first motion picture under contract with Paramount Studios.
 Ciszyca Górna [t͡ɕiˈʂɨt͡sa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Tarłów 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Opatów and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 240.
 Capt. Benjamin James House is an historic house at 301 Driftway in Scituate Massachusetts.The house was built in 1700 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The Benjamin James House is now the Maritime and Irish Mossing Museum owned and maintained by the Scituate Historical Society. There are exhibits of the mossing industry ship building on the North River shipwrecks life saving. Open Sunday afternoons 1-4 p.m. Sept through June. Sat and Sun July and August.
 Nubar Pasha (Arabic: نوبار باشا‎ Armenian: Նուպար Փաշա) (January 1825 İzmir Ottoman Empire - January 14 1899 Paris) was an Egyptian politician and the first Prime Minister of Egypt. He served as Prime Minister three times during his career. His first term was between August 1878 and February 23 1879. His second term was served from January 10 1884 to June 9 1888.
 Holly Raser is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives representing District 98 since 2000. She ran for Montana State Superintendent of Public Instruction in 2008.
 Yomigaeru Hi (甦る陽) is the first full album released by the Japanese rock band THE BACK HORN. It was released on April 24 2000 and is the band's only full-length independent album.
 The Masonic Temple in Yuma Arizona was built in 1931 in the late Art Deco style of Moderne. The Masonic Temple was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Megastraea undosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails. This species is native to the coast of California.
 Epomops is a genus of bat in the Pteropodidae family. It contains the following species: Buettikofer's Epauletted Fruit Bat Epomops buettikoferi Dobson's Fruit Bat Epomops dobsoni Franquet's Epauletted Fruit Bat Epomops franquetica:Epomops
 Alberta Views (also AlbertaViews) is a general interest magazine published in Calgary Alberta Canada that covers political social and cultural issues in the province of Alberta. Its monthly circulation is 20000 copies. Alberta Views was named Canadian Magazine of the Year at the 2009 National Magazine Awards. John Ralston Saul calls Alberta Views “the new model for what a magazine can be in Canada.”
 Indian Muslims: Who Are They is a book by K. S. Lal published in 1990.The book studies the growth of the Muslim population during the time of Mahmud of Ghazni during the Delhi Sultanate and during the Mughal Empire.
 Idalus flavibrunnea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1906. It is found in Peru.
 Telmatobius rimac is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers arable land pastureland and canals and ditches.
 Llévame contigo is a 1951 Argentine film directed by Juan Sires.
 First Family is an American comedy film released in 1980 starring Gilda Radner Bob Newhart Madeline Kahn Harvey Korman Rip Torn Austin Pendleton Fred Willard and Richard Benjamin. It was written and directed by Buck Henry.
 The Prototype is an upcoming action/science fiction film directed by Andrew Will and being produced by Variant Films Sunrise Pictures and Brillstein Entertainment Partners. The film is about a dying scientist who melds himself with an advanced cybernetic frame to save his own consciousness. He becomes a cyborg and is labelled by the media as a rogue military robot that escaped from a Federal Bureau of Investigation evidence storage facility and hunted down by merciless soldiers.
 Saheki Crater is a crater in the Iapygia quadrangle of Mars located at 21.75° S and 286.97° W. It is 85 km in diameter and was named after Tsuneo Saheki a Japanese amateur astronomer (1916–1996). The crater contains a number of alluvial fans which are preserved in inverted relief.
 Big Hits 98 is a compilation album released in September 1998. It is part of the Hits compilation series begun in 1984.Big Hits 98 is one of the more notable albums in the series as it had charted in the UK Compilations Chart at #1 and stayed there for 5 weeks and was also the first Hits album released in September avoiding competition with Hits lead rivals Now That's What I Call Music! who only release main albums in March/April July and November.
 Arthur Taylor House in Paris Idaho was built in 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Eupithecia apta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in south-western China (Yunnan).The wingspan is about 17.5 mm. The forewings are pale yellow-brown and the hindwings are uniform pale yellow-brown.
 Eogonioloboceratidae is one of nine families of the Pericyclaseae superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Asphyx is the third album by Asphyx. It was released by Century Media Records in 1994.
 Gyula Kovács (4 October 1875 – ?) was a Hungarian politician Member of Parliament who attempted to assassinate House Speaker István Tisza on 7 June 1912.
 Vilvamarathupatti is a village in the panchayat town of Vilathikulam in Thoothukudi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The village is located in the hear of the Karisal Kaadu region. The area has black soil and a clay-like stickiness. The climate of Karisal Kaadu is semi-arid and has hot and dry summers. The temperature and humidity of the region are often high being close to the equator and around 25 kilometres (16 mi) from the shore.
 Rocksteady is the ninth studio album from Big Head Todd and The Monsters released on July 20 2010. The album's first single Beautiful charted top 20 in Adult album alternative in 2010 and is available on iTunes.
 Thomas E. Flaherty (born June 18 1950) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He currently a judge on the Allegheny County Court of Common Pleas having won election to this position in 2005.
 Sisowath Monipong (Phnom-Penh 25 August 1912 – 31 August 1956) is the second son of the King of Cambodia Sisowath Monivong and of Queen Norodom Kanviman Norleak Tevi. He took part in Cambodian politics after World War II.
 St. Andrew's Episcopal Church is located at the corner of Prospect and Michael Neuner streets in Brewster New York United States. The congregation dates informally to 1872 though it was not formally accepted into the American Episcopal Church until ten years later. The building itself was finished in 1903 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It is the third church built on the site.
 Metarctia priscilla is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1957. It is found in Ghana and Guinea.
 Kritika is a monthly political cultural and literary magazine published in Hungary and based in Budapest.
 The House at 15 Davis Avenue in Newton Massachusetts is a well-preserved modest Italianate house. It includes paired brackets in the eaves bracketed lintels above the doors and windows and paneled corner pilaster strips. This was probably one of the first houses built when Seth Davis (whose house stands on Eden Avenue) began to sell off some of his landholdings.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Bormida is a river of north-west Italy which rises in Liguria as the Bormida di Millesimo and flows through Piedmont. After converging with the Bormida di Spigno near Bistagno it joins the Tanaro of which it is the major tributary north-east of Alessandria.
 Kenneth David Atkinson (born March 2 1947) is a former Canadian politician.
 The Honorable Barbarian is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp the fifth and final book of his Novarian series. It is a sequel both to the Reluctant King trilogy and to the Novarian sequence's only short story The Emperor's Fan. It was first published in hardcover by Del Rey Books in July 1989 with a limited edition hardcover following from The Easton Press in its Signed First Editions of Science Fiction series in August of the same year.
 Hell's House is a 1932 American drama film starring Junior Durkin featuring Bette Davis and directed by Howard Higgin. The screenplay by Paul Gangelin and B. Harrison Orkow set during the waning days of the Prohibition era is based on a story by Higgin.
 HM Prison Woodhill is a Category A male prison located in Milton Keynes England. Woodhill Prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service. There is a Young Offenders Institution adjacent to the prison. One of its main roles is that of a local prison serving Crown and Magistrates' Courts. The prison holds remand and sentenced prisoners aged 18 and above.
 Złotniki [zwɔtˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielec within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Mielec and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 873.
 The Potagannissing River is an 11.3-mile-long (18.2 km) river in Michigan located on Drummond Island in Lake Huron.
 Planet M is an Indian music retail store founded by The Times Group (BCCL). It was sold to Next Retail India Ltd. of Mumbai the retail arm of Videocon in November 2007. It is present in many cities (140-plus locations) all over India. These stores are mainly known for selling music and movies and related accessories. They also sell gaming consoles and handhelds like PlayStation Portable PS2 PS3 and Xbox 360. Planet M is also a new entrant in the mobile retail business.
 Hickory Dickory Dock is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 31 October 1955 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in November of the same year under the title of Hickory Dickory Death. The UK edition retailed at ten shillings and sixpence (10/6) and the US edition at $3.00. It features her Belgian detective Hercule Poirot.
 The Burnaby Village Museum previously known as the Heritage Village is an open air museum in Burnaby British Columbia Canada located at Deer Lake Park. It is a reconstructed 1920s village containing 31 full scale buildings; its costumed staff demonstrate traditional trades. The museum spans 10 acres (4 ha) of land. Some of the buildings are original heritage buildings moved from other locations in the community and restored.
 Ninox is a genus of owls comprising about 30 species found in Asia and Australasia. Many species are known as hawk owls or boobooks.
 Westminster Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian Church located in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota. Its current location is the third location in downtown in over 140 years.
 Population: 1975 was the second album released by queercore band The Butchies in 1999.
 International Review of Administrative Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Public Administration. The journal's editor is Christopher Pollitt (Catholic University of Leuven). It has been in publication since 1957 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of International Institute of Administrative Sciences.
 Róża [ˈruʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Słupca and 69 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 140.
 Florence Flossie Mabel Kling Harding previously DeWolfe (August 15 1860 – November 21 1924) wife of President Warren G. Harding was the First Lady of the United States from 1921 to 1923.She married the somewhat-younger Harding when he was a newspaper publisher in Ohio and she was acknowledged as the brains behind the business. Known as The Duchess she adapted well to the White House where she gave notably elegant parties.
 Gaj Żelechowski [ˈɡai̯ ʐɛlɛˈxɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Isaac Alfie (born 27 April 1962 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan economist.He was Minister of Economy and Finance during the final years of Jorge Batlle's presidential term (2003-2005).
 A MusiCares Tribute to Bruce Springsteen is a concert video set to be released on DVD Blu-ray and Digital Download on March 25 2014. It was filmed in 2013 at the MusiCares Person of the Year ceremony to honor and pay tribute to musician Bruce Springsteen for his artistic achievement in the music industry and dedication to philanthropy. The ceremony was hosted by Jon Stewart and features many performance by musicians who have long been fans and admirers of Springsteen's body of work.
 Captured is the title of Journey's first live album. Recorded during their Departure tour it was released in February 1981 on the Columbia Records label. The album went on to sell two million copies reaching No. 9 on the Billboard 200 albums chart.This album was recorded during the band's Departure tour in 1980. Tracks 1 to 4 were taken from a performance recorded at The Forum in Montreal Quebec Canada on August 8 1980.
 Kollura Sri Mookambika (Kannada: ಕೊಲ್ಲೂರ ಶ್ರೀ ಮೂಕಾಂಬಿಕಾ) is a 1993 Indian Kannada mythological - devotional film directed and produced by Renuka Sharma. Chi. Udaya Shankar has written the story and screenplay and Pughalendi Mahadevan has scored the music. The film stars Sridhar  Bhavya Vijay Raghavendra and Vajramuni in lead roles. The film is centered around the Goddess Mookambika.The film won State Film Awards in Art direction category.
 17 Reasons is the first full album by the ska punk band Link 80. It was released on CD and 12 vinyl by Asian Man Records in 1997.
 Arhopala allata is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Asia (see subspecies section).
 Alveoplectrus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Life Is Dead (ライフ・イズ・デッド) is a Japanese manga series by Tomohiro Koizumi. It was adapted into a live action film in 2012.
 K.Rayavaram (Tamil: கே.இராயவரம் ) is a village in the Arimalamrevenue block of Pudukkottai district  Tamil Nadu India.
 Owch Aghaj (Persian: اوچ اغاج‎ also Romanized as Owch Āghāj; also known as Owch Āqāch) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 53 families.
 Lindquist Lake is a freshwater lake in northeastern Wisconsin.
 Crash of the Moons is a 75-minute 1954 American science fiction film consisting of three consecutive episodes of the TV series Rocky Jones Space Ranger which constituted a complete story. It was released only on 16mm for home movie rental and television syndication. It was directed by Hollingsworth Morse. The film is now in the Public Domain.
 Elvey is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It is located near the northern edge of the blanket of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin. To the north of Elvey is the smaller crater Nobel.This is a damaged crater with a rim that is only partly intact along the eastern side. The remainder of the rim is irregular and less distinct. This condition may have been created by the ejecta from the Mare Orientale impact to the south.
 Laurence Nelson Golborne Riveros (born Santiago July 11 1961) is a Chilean engineer and entrepreneur. He was ministry of public works until November 7 2012 when he announced his decision to run for President of Chile. He previously had been bi-minister of Mining and Energy in the administration of President Sebastián Piñera. He announced his resignation for the presidential campaign in April 29 2013 after two consecutive public scandals.
 Amaia Montero is the debut solo album by Spanish singer Amaia Montero after an eleven-year music career as the frontwoman for La Oreja de Van Gogh. It was released in Spain on 18 November 2008 by Sony BMG. Quiero Ser (English: I want to be) was the first single released from the album. According to Promusicae Amaia Montero was the Ninth biggest selling album of 2008 in Spain for surpassing sales of 81000 in less than 2 months (six weeks).
 The Dark Roads is the debut album by American rapper Seagram released January 19 1993 on Rap-A-Lot Records and Priority Records. The album features guest performances by labelmates: Scarface Ganksta N-I-P Bushwick Bill and Willie D. It peaked at number 74 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.Along with a single a music video was produced for the song The Vill.
 The Water Watchman or Water Skipper (Parnara monasi) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Sub-Saharan Africa including Senegal Gambia Guinea Burkina Faso Sierra Leone Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo Zambia Mozambique Zimbabwe Botswana South Africa (Limpopo Province Mpumalanga KwaZulu-Natal) and Swaziland.
 Zir Tang (Persian: زيرتنگ‎ also Romanized as Zīr Tang) is a village in Dorud Rural District in the Central District of Dorud County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 12 families.
 For the granite dome near Glacier Point Yosemite National Park see Sentinel Dome.Sentinel Rock is a granitic peak in Yosemite National Park California United States. It towers over Yosemite Valley opposite Yosemite Falls. Sentinel Rock lies 0.7 miles (1.1 km) northwest of Sentinel Dome.The most famous climbing route is the Steck-Salathé route which is rated a class 5.10b G A0.High-profile climber Derek Hersey died while attempting to free solo climb Sentinel Rock in 1993.
 Jalalgarh Fort is an almost 300 years old ruined fort located at 20 km north of Purnia Bihar India. The fort was built by Syed Muhammed Jalaluddin Khan. It is also believed by some people that fort was built by Saif Khan the nawab of Purnia in 1722.
 The São Domingos River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Spare Parts Puppet Theatre is located at 1–9 Short Street Fremantle Western Australia in Pioneer Park opposite the Fremantle railway station.
 Winter Wonderland! is a Christmas album the fifth studio album by American ska punk band MU330 released on Asian Man Records in 1999. According to Dan Potthast the album came about when MU330 was asked to contribute a Christmas song to a Japanese ska compilation. Rather than just record one song the band decided to write their own holiday-themed music which explains why most of the album consists of original songs.
 Kartogol (Persian: كرتگل‎; also known as Kortogol-e Pā’īn) is a village in Javanmardi Rural District Khanmirza District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 34 families.
 The Golden Road is a 1913 novel by Canadian author L. M. Montgomery.
 Adolph Zang Mansion is a National Register of Historic Places listed building in Denver Colorado. It is located at 709 Clarkson Street. Built in 1903 it was designed by Denver architect Frederick C. Eberley. Architecturally it is Neoclassical Revival. It was built for Adolph J. Zang son of the founder of Zang Brewery.
 José Francisco de San Martín (25 February 1778 – 17 August 1850) known simply as José de San Martín (Spanish pronunciation: [xoˈse ðe san marˈtin]) was an Argentine general and the prime leader of the southern part of South America's successful struggle for independence from the Spanish Empire.
 The teachings of Brother Lawrence (born Nicholas Herman) a 17th-century Carmelite monk compiled by Father Joseph de Beaufort. The compilation includes letters as well as records of his conversations kept by Brother Lawrence's interlocutors. The basic theme of the book is the development of an awareness of the presence of God.
 Robert George Macpherson (January 28 1866 – November 27 1926) was a Canadian Liberal pharmacist and politician.Born in Erin Wellington county Canada West Robert George Macpherson's grandfather Hugh Macpherson was a native of Islay an island off the west coast of Scotland who emigrated to Canada in 1858 with Robert George's father Archibald. Macpherson's mother was Jeannette Hall anative of Wellington county.
 Precious Moments is a solo album from Jackson 5 member Jermaine Jackson.
 Not Going Under is the second album by Maria Arredondo released by Universal Music Norway on November 8 2004. Three singles were released from the album which were the first by Arredondo to have music videos.
 Dr. Ken Sorensen (born in Chicago). Sorensen previously served as a Representative in the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida. He currently lives in Key Largo Florida with his family.[1]
 The Keith Green Collection is the fourth album released by American contemporary Christian music pianist and singer Keith Green. It was released on August 11 1981. This is also the only compilation album to be released during Green's lifetime.
 Timoci Uluivuda Bavadra (September 22 1934 - November 3 1989) was a medical doctor who served for one month as the second Prime Minister of Fiji in 1987 and who founded the Fiji Labour Party. Contesting his first election in 1987 Bavadra forged an electoral coalition between his Labour Party and the much older Indo-Fijian-dominated National Federation Party.
 The Dr. J. W. S. Gallagher House is a historic Prairie School house located on Broadway Street in Winona Minnesota United States. Built in 1913 it was designed by the noted Prairie School architects Purcell & Elmslie. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Sestra is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. All species are endemic to New Zealand.
 The Dominion Building (originally Dominion Trust Building) is a commercial building in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. Located on the edge of Gastown (207 West Hastings St) it was Vancouver's first steel-framed high-rise. At 53 m (175 ft) the thirteen-storey Second Empire style building was the tallest commercial building in the British Empire upon its completion in 1910. Its architect was John S.
 Price's Mill also known as Calliham’s (Callaham’s) Mill Stone’s Mill and Park's Mill is a water-powered gristmill about 2 mi (3 km) east of the town of Parksville on South Carolina Highway 33-138 (Price's Mill Road) at Stevens Creek in McCormick County. Its name in the USGS Geographic Names Information System is Prices Mill. It was built in the 1890s and was named to the National Register of Historic Places on November 22 1972.
 Dilatotarsa is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dilatotarsa beccarii (Gestro 1879) Dilatotarsa cassolai Werner & Sawada 1990 Dilatotarsa kinabaluensis (Mandl 1969) Dilatotarsa loeffleri (Mandl 1969) Dilatotarsa patricia (Schaum 1970) Dilatotarsa philippinensis (Mandl 1970) Dilatotarsa robinsoni Cassola & Murray 1979 Dilatotarsa tricondyloides (Gestro 1874)↑
 Sellest mustast mungast is a novel by Estonian author Gert Helbemäe (et). It was first published in 1957.
 Sarek is a novel by A. C. Crispin set in the fictional Star Trek universe. It is set shortly after the motion picture Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country. Ambassador Sarek of Vulcan discovers evidence of a complicated plot to cripple the United Federation of Planets; he must work to find out who is behind it while also coming to terms with the death of his human wife Amanda Grayson. A secondary storyline follows the adventures of Peter Kirk nephew of James T.
 A Spectre is Haunting Texas is a science fiction novel by Fritz Leiber first published as a novel in 1969. It was originally published as a three-part serial in the magazine Galaxy Science Fiction in 1968. The title appears to be based on a Karl Marx quote from The Communist Manifesto: A spectre is haunting Europe...the spectre of communism.
 The Gay Travel Guide For Tops And Bottoms is a 2011 international gay travel guide by Drew Blancs. The book was published on June 15 2011 through Icon Empire Press.
 The Masonic Temple of Newport Lodge No. 445 F. & A.M. is a historic building located in Newport in Herkimer County New York. Built in 1903 as a meeting hall for a local Masonic Lodge the building is a 2 1⁄2-story five-bay-wide by three-bay-deep wood frame building with a rectangular main block and square shaped rear wing. It features a two tiered semi-circular entry porch.
 Donaldson Peak at 12023 feet (3665 m) above sea level is the eighth highest peak in Idaho and the seventh highest in the Lost River Range. The peak is located in Salmon-Challis National Forest in Custer County. It is 0.65 mi (1.05 km) east of Mount Church its line parent and 1.4 mi (2.3 km) west of Mount Breitenbach.
 Zastawie [zasˈtavjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 113.
 The Bristletooth conger (Xenomystax congroides) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by David G. Smith and Robert H. Kanazawa in 1989. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the western Atlantic Ocean including northeastern Florida U.S.A.; the Gulf of Mexico the Amazon River the Bahamas and the West Indies. It dwells at a depth range of 140-825 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 87.6 centimetres.
 Veliko Selo is a village in the municipality of Malo Crniće Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 493 people (according to the 1991 census the village had a population of 694 people) .
 Maradik (Serbian Cyrillic: Марадик) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina in the region of Srem (Srem District) in Inđija municipality. Maradik is located about 10 km west of Inđija. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its total population in 2011 was 2095.
 Valentine Augustus Browne 4th Earl of Kenmare KP PC (16 May 1825 – 9 February 1905) styled Viscount Castlerosse from 1853 to 1871 was a British courtier and Liberal politician. He held office in every Whig or Liberal administration between 1856 and 1886 notably as Lord Chamberlain of the Household under William Gladstone between 1880 and 1885 and in 1886.
 Sly Mongoose is the third science fiction novel of Caribbean writer Tobias S. Buckell. The novel is a standalone but is set in the same universe as Buckell's novels Crystal Rain and Ragamuffin. The novels are also linked by a recurring character.The name Sly Mongoose is taken from a Jamaican folk song. The tune has been covered by different jazz musicians including Charlie Bird Parker and Louis Armstrong.
 The Brooks Building in Chicago was built in 1909–1910 in the Chicago School architectural style. An early example steel-framed skyscraper the structure was commissioned by Peter Brooks and Shepard Brooks and designed by architects Holabird & Roche. The building was designated a Chicago Landmark on January 14 1997.
 Cornelius F. Desmond Jr. (October 4 1893 – October 2 1974) was an American politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as City Manager of Lowell Massachusetts.
 Turbulence Wild StreetDanz is the second album from the Filipino all-male dance group Streetboys. It has 13 tracks and released under PolyGram Records Philippines and Infiniti Music in 1997.
 Guni-Guni is a 2012 Filipino horror film under Regal Entertainment. It stars Lovi Poe and Benjamin Alves. The film is directed by Tara Illenberger.
 Wu Shih-wen (Chinese: 伍世文; pinyin: Wu Shìwén) was the Minister of National Defense of the Republic of China in 2000-2002.to Defense Minister Wu Shih-wen the DPP became defense minister in power after the first one a few of the cabinet with one of the Kuomintang party.Wu Shih-wen in 1955 graduated from the ROC Naval Academy  after entering the Republic of China Navy staff college.
 The Cleveland County Courthouse in Rison Arkansas was built in 1911. Located at Main and Magnolia Streets it is a two story brick structure measuring 100 feet (30 m) by 70 feet (21 m) and topped by a hipped tile roof. A square central tower rises 20 feet (6.1 m) above the roof and includes a four-faced clock with louvered arches below the clock and an arched cornice above topped by an octagonal cupola.The courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 A Growling Place is a picture book written and illustrated by Thomas Aquinas Maguire published on August 28 2007 by Simply Read Books in Vancouver Canada.
 Agelena jumbo is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders. It has been described by Strand in 1913. It is primarily found in Central Africa.
 Careen M. Gordon is a former Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives who served as a representative from the 75th district from her appointment in December 2003 until leaving office in January 2011.
 The Hatchet Man (1932) is a Pre-Code film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Edward G. Robinson. Warner Bros. had purchased the David Belasco/Achmed Abdullah play The Honorable Mr. Wong about the Tong gang wars. Made during the few years before strict enforcement of the Production Code The Hatchet Man has elements that would not be allowed later such as adultery narcotics and a somewhat graphic use of a flying hatchet.
 Deh-e Sardar (Persian: ده سردار‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Sardār; also known as Qal‘eh-e Sardār and Qal‘eh Sardār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Avenel Cooperative Housing Project properly known as Avenel Homes is a 10-unit cooperative housing development designed by architect Gregory Ain and built in 1947 in the Silver Lake section of Los Angeles. Ain's innovative design has been called a model for effective use of limited space for low-cost urban housing.
 Robert S. Kerr Reservoir is located within the Cookson Hills on the Arkansas River in Sequoyah Le Flore Haskell and Muskogee counties in eastern Oklahoma USA. It is about eight miles south of the nearest major town Sallisaw Oklahoma. The reservoir is impounded by Robert S. Kerr Lock and Dam at river mile 336.2 (km 541.1) on the Arkansas River just a few miles below its confluence with the Canadian River.
 For Members Only is an album by American jazz organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1963 for the Impulse! label.
 The Foothill Elaenia (Myiopagis olallai) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Succès de Films is the title of a recording by Franck Pourcel and his Orchestra released on La Voix de son Maitre (French His Master's Voice) LP record FELP 149.
 The Lost Masters 1969–1972 is an album by The New Kingston Trio recorded in 1969 to 1972 and released in 1997.
 The Pale Grand Imperial (Jacoona fabronia) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Hunting the Snark is a compendium of poetic terminology that mirrored American contemporary poetry of nineteen seventies and eighties written by Robert Peters. The book sorts through contemporary American poems separating them into nearly a hundred categories. The book’s foreword is written by founder of the New York Quarterly William M. Packard. He says “Hunting the Snark is an extraordinarily well-informed joyous encomium to poetry itself.
 Love People is the sixth album (including Christmas with The Jets) recorded with Liberty Park Records by the family group The Jets. It featured all new songs recorded by The Jets.
 Tegenaria argaeica is a funnel-web spider found in Bulgaria and Turkey.
 Chupankareh (Persian: چوپانكره‎ also Romanized as Chūpānkareh; also known as Chūbānkareh) is a village in Dizajrud-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ajab Shir County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 67 families.
 Ilsa the Wicked Warden (also known as Greta the Mad Butcher Ilsa: Absolute Power and Wanda the Wicked Warden) is a 1977 sexploitation film directed by Jesús Franco and starring Dyanne Thorne. The film is considered to be the third entry in the Ilsa film series but was not originally filmed with the intent of being as such despite starring Dyanne Thorne.
 The yellow pigtoe Pleurobema flavidulum was a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the Unionidae family. It was endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat was rivers. It is now extinct.
 Carlos J. Vargas Ferrer (born June 28 1971) in Mayaguez Puerto Rico but resides in Cidra Puerto Rico is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). He was elected to the Puerto Rico House of Representatives in 2012 to represent District 29.
 Ahun (Persian: اهون‎ also Romanized as Āhūn) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 956 in 227 families.
 Andrew Patrick Tugwell Sr. known as A.P. Pat Tugwell (November 7 1889–February 12 1976) was the Democratic state treasurer of Louisiana from 1936-1968. His 32-year tenure in the position is a state record. Tugwell was considered an authority on state spending and receipts. Before he was elected treasurer Tugwell was the director of the state highway department.
 Scopaeocharax is a genus of characins endemic to Peru where both species are found in the upper and middle Huallaga River basin. The currently described species in this genus are: Scopaeocharax atopodus (J. E. Böhlke 1958) Scopaeocharax rhinodus (J. E. Böhlke 1958)
 Lingasamudram is a village and a Mandal in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India 30 km from Kandukur. It contains nearly 20 villages as well as the Rallapadu reservoir which is the largest irrigation project in the district.
 Mazar (Persian: مزارع‎ also Romanized as Mazārʿ; also known as Mazrā‘ Mazrā‘-e Darreh Shūr Mazra‘eh and Mirza) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 9 families.
 Kazdanga Palace is located in the village Kazdanga (Polish and German Katzdangen) Kazdanga parish Aizpute municipality Latvia. The first manor house was made out of wood and the new palace was built in 1800-1804 in the late classical style designed according to the project by the German architect J. G. Berlitz. Kazdanga established the first Latvian fish pond now in operation for a number of important agricultural schools.
 The Thin Red Line is the soundtrack of the film of the same name. It was released on January 12 1999 by RCA Victor. German-born film composer Hans Zimmer is credited for scoring most of the score along with his studio partner John Powell. The soundtrack was nominated at the 71st Academy Awards for Original Dramatic Score but lost out to Life Is Beautiful.
 Share House (シェアハウス Shea Hausu) is a 2011 Japanese drama film directed by Ichirō Kita.
 Breaking Up is a 1985 TV movie about the breakdown of a marriage seen through the eyes of a child.
 Joseph Gladden House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1800 and is a two-story two bay stuccoed stone Penn Plan dwelling. Two additions were built on the rear of the house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Perumbur IInd Sethi is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 The Sainte-Anne River is a tributary of the Saint Lawrence River in the province of Quebec Canada.It is well known for ice fishing with the primary catch being Tommy Cod (poulamon in French) during the winter at Ste-Anne-de-la-Pérade.
 Anatrachyntis pyrrhodes is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1897 and is known from Australia.
 Alamut (Persian: الموت‎ transliterated Alamūt) was a mountain fortress located in Alamut region in the South Caspian province of Daylam near the Rudbar region in Iran approximately 100 km (60 mi) from present-day Tehran. The name means Eagle's Nest.Under the leadership of Hasan-i Sabbah Alamut became the site of intense activity for the Shi'a Nizari Ismai'li along with a smaller subgroup known as the Assassins between 1090 and 1256 AD.
 Marasmarcha iranica is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Iran.The wingspan is 20-24 mm.
 Eccentric Soul: The Capsoul Label is the first compilation album by The Numero Group and first volume in the Eccentric Soul series.Short for Capital City Soul the Columbus Ohio Capsoul label's history spans only five years throughout the 1970s. Founded by Bill Moss a local singer and DJ at WVKO in Columbus Capsoul released just a dozen 45's and one highly sought after LP resulting in a few regional hits.
 The Fort Fairfield Public Library is an historic public library building located on Main Street in Fort Fairfield Maine USA. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Iijoki is a river of Finland in the region of Northern Ostrobothnia. It flows for 370 kilometres into the Gulf of Bothnia. Some of its many tributaries are Siuruanjoki and Livojoki.
 The bight ghostshark or blackfin ghostshark (Hydrolagus lemures) is a species of fish in the Chimaeridae family endemic to Australia. Its natural habitat is open seas.
 Squadra antitruffa is a 1977 Italian crime film directed by Bruno Corbucci and starring David Hemmings Tomas Milian and Anna Cardini. It is the third chapter in the Nico Giraldi film series starred by Tomas Milian.
 Stare Ślepce [ˈstarɛ ˈɕlɛpt͡sɛ] (German: Alt Schleps) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sławoborze 17 km (11 mi) north of Świdwin and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Kwesi Ahoomey-Zunu is a Togolese politician who has been Prime Minister of Togo since July 2012. He was Minister of Trade from March 2011 to July 2012.
 Tell No One is a thriller novel by American writer Harlan Coben published in 2001.The book was Coben's first novel to appear on The New York Times Best Seller list. It was also adapted into a French film with the same title in 2006 (French: Ne le dis à personne).
 The Apple (Persian: سیب‎ translit. Sib) is the 1998 film directorial debut by Samira Makhmalbaf daughter of the acclaimed Iranian director Mohsen Makhmalbaf. The film is based on a true story and features the real people that actually lived it. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
 Toole Khurd is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Yacharam mandal.
 Kiveh Nan (Persian: كيوه نان‎ also Romanized as Kīveh Nān and Keyveh Nān; also known as Kīvanān Kīvenān and Kīyānān) is a village in Kivanat Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 87 families.
 The Mount is a psychiatric hospital based in Leeds. It comprises the perinatal service older people's acute in patient assessment and treatment service the chaplaincy older people's psychology dementia ward and the pharmacy
 Lake Bled (Slovene: Blejsko jezero; German: Bleder See Veldeser See) is a lake in the Julian Alps in northwestern Slovenia where it adjoins the town of Bled. The area is a popular tourist destination. The lake is 35 km (22 mi) from Ljubljana International Airport and 55 km (34 mi) from the capital city Ljubljana.
 Heliothodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 St Paul's Church Constable Lee is located in Burnley Road Constable Lee Rawtenstall Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Rossendale the archdeaconry of Bolton and the diocese of Manchester. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Shabash Professor Shonku (Bravo Professor Shonku) is a Professor Shonku series book written by Satyajit Ray and published by Ananda Publishers in 1974. Ray wrote the stories on Professor Shanku in Bengali magazine Sandesh and Anandamela. This book is a collection of seven of Shonku stories.
 The Mistress (German: Die Geliebte) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Edda Croy Harry Liedtke and Eugen Burg. It was based on a play by Alexander Brody. It was the first film Wiene made after returning to Germany after two years working in Austria although the film's location shooting was done in Vienna where the story is set.
 The Artist is a 2011 French romantic comedy-drama film in the style of a black-and-white silent film. It was written directed and co-edited by Michel Hazanavicius produced by Thomas Langmann and starred Jean Dujardin and Bérénice Bejo.
 Robert John Eden 3rd Baron Auckland DD (10 July 1799 – 25 April 1870) styled The Honourable Robert Eden from birth until 1849 was a British clergyman. He was Bishop of Sodor and Man from 1847 to 1854 and Bishop of Bath and Wells from 1854 to 1869.
 Darius Goes West: The Roll of his Life is a documentary by Logan Smalley about Darius Weems a teenager living with Duchenne muscular dystrophy who embarked during the Summer of 2005 on a 7000 mile road trip across the United States to promote awareness of the fatal disease Duchenne muscular dystrophy and to raise money for research into a cure.
 Mount Dhëmbel is a mountain in southern Albania in the geographical region of Southern Mountain Range. It is part of the mountain chain Trebeshinë-Dhëmbel-Nemërçkë which goes parallel to the Shëndelli-Lunxhëri-Bureto chain.
 The Guaiamã River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Super Shark is a 2011 sci-fi action film starring John Schneider Sarah Lieving and Tim Abell and directed by Fred Olen Ray.
 Odostomia manukauensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 St. Peter's Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic church building in northeastern Darke County Ohio United States. Located south of the village of Versailles it is believed to be the region's last remaining log church built during the period of settlement. Although Wayne Township was settled primarily by individuals of English and French descent the members of St. Peter's Church were Germans.
 Feel Good Now is a live album by the New York No Wave band Swans. It was recorded from shows on their 1987 Children of God tour in Europe.
 Undavalli Arun Kumar (Telugu: ఉండవల్లి అరుణ్ కుమార్) (born August 4 1954) is a Member of Parliament in India. He represents the Indian National Congress from Rajahmundry parliamentary constituency of Andhra Pradesh.
 Temnora scheveni is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Tanzania Uganda and Rwanda.The length of the forewings is 22–23 mm. It is similar to Temnora pseudopylas pseudopylas but larger and very much darker. It is immediately distinguishable from all other Temnora species with yellow on the hindwing upperside in that this colour is restricted to the basal third of the wing not extending beyond the apex of the discal cell.
 A Sweet Scent of Death (Spanish: Un dulce olor a muerte) is a 1999 Mexican drama film directed by Gabriel Retes based on the novel of the same name by Guillermo Arriaga who also wrote the screenplay. It was entered into the 21st Moscow International Film Festival.
 Kerogan (Persian: كروگان‎ also Romanized as Kerūgān; also known as Gerūkān Karūkān and Kerūkān) is a village in Jasb Rural District in the Central District of Delijan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 65 families.
 Sukaria is a 8 km wide caldera to the northeast of Mount Iya on Flores Indonesia. The southern caldera wall is irregular and a small fumarolic area is found in the western flanks which contains several vents and eject geyser-like water column. No historical records of its activity are available from this volcanic caldera.
 The genus Glycera is a group of polychaetes (bristle worms) commonly known as blood worms. They are typically found on the bottom of shallow marine waters and some species (e.g. the common blood worm Glycera dibranchiata) are extensively harvested along the Northeastern coast of the United States for use as bait in fishing. Another common species is the tufted gilled bloodworm G. americana.
 Morris Rajapaksa (b. - d. 1995) was the 3rd Chief Minister of Western Province. He was appointed on 22 August 1994 succeeding Chandrika Kumaratunga and was Chief Minister until 11 July 1995. He was succeeded by Susil Premajayanth.
 Kizhakkumbhagom is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Dragon Knights (ドラゴン騎士団 Doragon Kishi-dan lit. Dragon Knight-Group) is a manga series drawn by Mineko Ohkami and shown in the monthly Japanese magazine Wings. The manga is translated in the United States by Tokyopop. The American translation is imported to Australia by Madman Entertainment. Dragon Knights has a large cast of characters and many overlapping subplots that all weave together to form a main story line.
 Wójtówka [vui̯ˈtufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Ganga Meri Maa is a 1983 Indian hindi language action/thriller film The film stars Shatrughan Sinha Neetu Singh Danny Denzongpa Nirupa Roy Sujit Kumar and Ranjeet. produced by Joginder Luthra and directed by Shyam Rahlan. The music is by R.D.Burman.
 Crash And Burn is the second album by the Bombay Rockers released on 1 June 2007. It reached number one in India and Denmark.
 Henry George Harry Thode CC MBE FRS FRSC (September 10 1910 – March 22 1997) was a Canadian geochemist nuclear chemist and academic administrator. He was president and vice-chancellor of McMaster University from 1961 to 1972.Born in Dundurn Saskatchewan he received his B.Sc in 1930 and his M.Sc in 1932 from the University of Saskatchewan.
 Forged by Fire is a realistic fiction novel written by Sharon M. Draper. The novel was first published in 1997 and is the second book in the Hazelwood High Trilogy. It received the Coretta Scott King Award.The story focuses on Gerald an African American boy who struggles with his life after the death of his aunt.Originally the first chapter of Forged by Fire appeared as a short story in Ebony magazine on January 1991 under the title One Small Torch.
 St Mark’s Church is an active Anglican parish church in Worsley Greater Manchester England. It is part of a team ministry along with St Mary's in Ellenbrook and St Andrew in Boothstown. The church is in the Eccles deanery the archdeaconry of Salford and the diocese of Manchester. The church was granted Grade I Listed status in 1966.
 Children of the Corn: Revelation is a 2001 horror film directed by Guy Magar. It was released straight to DVD as the seventh installment of the Children of the Corn and was followed by Children of the Corn: Genesis.
 Lodgepole Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 683.Lodgepole Lake is northeast of Merriam Peak and located in the lower section of the Boulder Chain Lakes Basin.
 Playlist Your Way is a compilation album by K-Ci & JoJo released on August 5 2008 by Universal Records as part of the Playlist Your Way Hits CD series.
 Hořešovičky is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Jalbire is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2026 and had 414 houses in the village.
 Tasmanipatus is a genus of invertebrate in the Peripatopsidae family. It contains the following species: Tasmanipatus anophthalmus Ruhberg Mesibov Briscoe and Tait 1991 Tasmanipatus barretti Ruhberg Mesibov Briscoe and Tait 1991
 Baabar (shortened name) (Mongolian: Баабар birth name Bat-Erdeniin Batbayar Бат-Эрдэнийн Батбаяр; born in Tsetserleg Arkhangai in 1954) is a Mongolian retired politician political analyst and writer.
 Hose's frog (Odorrana hosii often misspelled as O. hosei) is a true frog species with a wide range in Southeast Asia. This species was named after zoologist Charles Hose. Its closest living relatives appear to be O. chloronota which occurs to the north of Hose's frog's range as well as O. livida and O.
 Crenatosipho beaglensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinulidae.
 Out of the Body is a 1988 Australian thriller film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith.
 The Nimăiasa River is a tributary of the Crăciunu River in Romania.
 David J. Kennedy (February 11 1907 – July 11 1995) was a Maine politician and pharmacist. He was a native of Milbridge Maine. Kennedy a Republican represented Milbridge in Washington County from 1959 to 1972 including terms as Speaker of the Maine House of Representatives from 1963 to 1964 and again from 1967 to 1972. He retired from politics in 1972. He was close friends with Portland Democrat Dana Childs and briefly served as a lobbyist for Maine Central Railroad alongside Childs.
 Tehumardi is a village in Salme Parish Saare County Estonia on the island of Saaremaa. It has a population of 74 (as of 1 January 2010).During World War II on 8 October 1944 the Battle of Tehumardi took place near the village. A memorial was erected in 1966.
 Imre László Pichler (born January 22 1947) is a Hungarian teacher and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Szigetvár (Baranya County Constituency VII) from 2002 to 2006 and since 2010.
 Selwyn Lake is a lake of the Northwest Territories and Saskatchewan Canada.
 Omox is a small genus of combtooth blennies found in the western Pacific Ocean.
 Plum Leaf Miner (Stigmella slingerlandella) is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Ontario New York Michigan and Ohio possibly south to Florida.The wingspan is 3.5–5 mm.The larvae feed on Prunus species including Prunus nigra and Prunus serotina species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The larva first eats a narrow linear mine then widens the mine so as to produce an irregular more or less ovate blotch. Three to twelve mines are often found on a single leaf.
 Dolno Lukovo is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 The Helen Morgan Story released in the UK as Both Ends Of The Candle is a 1957 American biographical film directed by Michael Curtiz starring Ann Blyth and Paul Newman.The screenplay by Oscar Saul Dean Riesner Stephen Longstreet and Nelson Gidding is based on the life and career of torch singer/actress Helen Morgan with fictional touches liberally added for dramatic purposes.
 Exclusive Session is a live EP album by American singer-songwriter Tori Amos. The EP is the artist's first release exclusively through iTunes. Exclusive Session was initially available in May 2005 for UK and Germany iTunes Stores only followed by United States stores in June 2005.
 The Brush News-Tribune is a weekly newspaper in Brush Colorado. It is published by Prairie Mountain Publishing which is owned by MediaNews Group.
 Down is a four-issue American comic book limited series published in late 2005 and early 2006 by Top Cow Productions an imprint of Image Comics. The series was written by Warren Ellis and illustrated by Cully Hamner and Tony Harris.Down tells the story of an undercover cop sent on an unofficial mission to deal with a fellow officer who went native when infiltrating a drugs gang.
 Infrared Roses is a live compilation album by the Grateful Dead. It is a conglomeration of their famous improvisational segments Drums and Space.Somewhere in the middle of the second set of a Grateful Dead concert came a period of musical improvisation. This part of the concert is commonly referred to as Space and came right after a drum solo or duet. Infrared Roses is a compilation of these performances. There are no recognizable songs from the band's repertoire on this release.
 The Duffel Blog is an American military news satire organization featuring satirical articles reporting on US military news. It is often described as the military version of The Onion. It was founded in March 2012 by Marine veteran Paul Szoldra originally as a way to drive web traffic to his website CollegeVeteran.com. It eventually branched out and became its own entertainment website. The site enjoys a large following among civilians veterans and servicemen alike.
 Górki Zadzimskie [ˈɡurki zaˈd͡ʑimskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Zadzim 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Poddębice and 41 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rio is a 1939 American film directed by John Brahm starring Basil Rathbone and Victor McLaglen.
 The Lake McDonald Lodge Historic District comprises the Lake McDonald Lodge and surrounding structures on the shores of Lake McDonald in the western portion of Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. It is centered on the main lodge which was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1987 as well as surrounding guest cabins dormitory buildings employee residences utility buildings and retail structures.
 Marie-Claire Kirkland-Casgrain CM CQ (born September 8 1924) is a Quebec lawyer judge and politician.
 Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow is a 2004 American pulp adventure science fiction film written and directed by Kerry Conran in his directorial debut. The film is set in an alternative 1939 and follows the adventures of Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) a newspaper reporter and Joseph Joe Sullivan (Jude Law) alias Sky Captain as they track down the mysterious Dr. Totenkopf (Laurence Olivier) who is seeking to build the World of Tomorrow.
 Carabus sylvestris is a species of either black or brown-coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Austria Czech Republic Hungary Italy Liechtenstein Poland Romania Slovakia Slovenia Ukraine and the Netherlands.
 Earth Wind & Fire: Live By Request is a DVD released by the band Earth Wind & Fire on Feb 26 2002 onSony Music of the band's performance on the A&E network's live concert series Live By Request. The recording was made on July 17 1999.
 John Levi Cable (April 15 1884 - September 15 1971) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio and a great-grandson of Joseph Cable.Born in Lima Ohio Cable attended public school. He received his undergraduate education from Kenyon College in Gambier Ohio. Later he earned an LL.B. in 1906 and from the George Washington University Law School Washington D.C. he earned a J.D. in 1909. He was admitted to the bar in 1909 and commenced practice in Lima Ohio.
 Stare Rochowice [ˈstarɛ rɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Alt Röhrsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków within Jawor County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) south-west of Bolków 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Jawor and 74 km (46 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 435.
 Black Dragons is a 1942 American film directed by William Nigh and starring Bela Lugosi Joan Barclay and George Pembroke. The Black Dragon Society also appears in Let's Get Tough! a 1942 East Side Kids film made by the same team of writer Harvey Gates and producer Sam Katzman. The cast includes Clayton Moore (later famous as the Lone Ranger) who plays a handsome detective.
 Rocky III is a 1982 American film that is the third installment in the Rocky film series. It is written and directed by and stars Sylvester Stallone as the title character with Carl Weathers Burgess Meredith Talia Shire Burt Young and introducing Mr. T as James Clubber Lang.
 John P. Grace was the fifty-first mayor of Charleston South Carolina completing two nonconsecutive terms from 1911 to 1915 and then 1919 to 1923.Among his administrations' achievements were an extensive street paving program and the construction of the John P. Grace Memorial Bridge which was dedicated to him.Grave was born on December 30 1874 in Charleston to James I. Grace and Elizabeth Daly Grace.
 To Grab the Ring is a 1968 Dutch film directed by Nikolai van der Heyde. It was entered into the 18th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Antepione is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Manampuzha is a small place in Kunnathur Village Panchayat in Kunnathur Taluk Kollam district Kerala India.There is a temple a government primary school an English medium convent school a church etc. in this place.The temple called Manampuzha Trikkannapuram Mahadeva Temple is a small famous which gets fame across the area these days. The festival will be conducted every year on 10th day of Medam. 'Pathamudayam'
 Francis Preston Blair Jr. (February 19 1821 – July 8 1875) was an American politician and Union Army general during the American Civil War. He represented Missouri in both the House of Representatives and the Senate and he was the Democratic Party's nominee for Vice President in 1868.
 The Hook is the third studio album by guitarist Jukka Tolonen released in 1974 through Love Records; a remastered edition was reissued in 2004.
 The Angel (Danish: Engelen) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about an angel and a dead child gathering flowers to carry to Heaven. The tale was first published with three others in New Fairy Tales by C.A. Reitzel in November 1843. The four tales were received by the Danish critics with great acclaim. A print depicting the angel and child became very popular.
 This Divided State is a documentary by first-time filmmaker Steven Greenstreet that details the conflict that erupted at Utah Valley State College now called Utah Valley University when controversial figure Michael Moore was scheduled to come speak on campus shortly before the 2004 presidential election.
 Evagetes crassicornis is a kleptoparasitic spider wasp with a holarctic distribution.
 Steven Dickerson is an American politician and a Republican member of the Tennessee Senate representing District 20 since January 8 2013.
 An Introduction to Old Norse is an English textbook written by E. V. Gordon arising from his teaching at the University of Leeds and first published in 1927 in Oxford at the Clarendon Press. It has been reprinted several times since. The Second Edition was revised by A. R. Taylor Gordon's former student and indirectly his Leeds successor. The book is commonly accepted as a standard text in the English-speaking world for studying Old Norse.
 Timothy R. Johns is an American politician and a Republican member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 31 since January 11 2013.
 Mata Abajo is a settlement in Cuba near Guantánamo Bay located in the municipality of Caimanera near the borders with Guantánamo. Its name in Spanish means Plant Below.
 Edgar Allan Poe's The Pit and the Pendulum (2009) is the retelling of Edgar Allan Poe's classic The Pit and the Pendulum with a new twist. The film is directed by David DeCoteau and stars Lorielle New Stephen Hansen and Bart Viotila.
 Cameraria umbellulariae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (California).The wingspan is about 9 mm.The larvae feed on Umbellularia californica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a large diffused blister-like mine on the upperside of the leaves. The pupa is enclosed in a semi-transparent flat oval silken web within the mine.
 Running Free is the fourth album by New Zealand / Australian rock band Dragon It was originally released in 1977 on vinyl and re-released on CD in 1989.
 America's Sweetheart is the debut studio album by American alternative rock musician Courtney Love released worldwide on February 10 2004 by Virgin Records. Her first official release after her former band Hole's break-up the album's sound diverged significantly in musical and lyrical content to Hole's three previous studio albums: Pretty on the Inside (1991) Live Through This (1994) and Celebrity Skin (1998).
 Greatest Hits is a European greatest hits album by British rock musician Joe Cocker released in November 1998 (see 1998 in music). The album includes three previously unreleased tracks including a live recording with Eros Ramazzotti.
 Animal Academy: Hakobune Hakusho (はこぶね白書 Hakobune Hakusho) is a Japanese manga series illustrated and written by Moyamu Fujino. The manga was first serialized in the Japanese shōnen manga magazine Comic Blade on October 30 2005 published by Mag Garden. It was first released in North America on May 12 2009 by Tokyopop.
 So Fresh: The Hits of Spring 2005 is a compilation of songs that were popular in Australia in winter 2005. It was released circa August 2005.
 The Parapetí River is a river in Bolivia that has its source on the eastern side the Andes flows through the Gran Chaco of Bolivia and ends in the marshes of the Bañados de Izozog depression. The drainage basin is 25300 km2 and with the inclusion of the Bañados of Izozog is 61903 km2.
 Saar (Werra) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 To Die like a Man (Portuguese: Morrer Como Um Homem) is a 2009 Portuguese drama film directed by João Pedro Rodrigues produced by the production company Rosa Filmes.It tells the story of a homosexual drag-queen at the end of his career. The cast includes several Portuguese real-life drag-queens with no previous or little acting experience.
 Free to Worship is an album from Contemporary Gospel singer Fred Hammond. The album was recorded on April 14 2006 and released on October 31 2006 through Verity Records.
 The Pilgrim is a 1923 American silent film made by Charlie Chaplin for the First National Film Company starring Chaplin and Edna Purviance.The film marks the last time Edna Purviance would co-star with Chaplin and the last film he made for First National. Purviance also starred in Chaplin's A Woman of Paris (1923) in which Chaplin had a brief cameo. It was Chaplin's second-shortest feature film constructed more like a two-reeler from earlier in his career.
 Haque Nawaz Akhtar Chaudhry (born 23 July 1961) is a Pakistani-Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party and 4th Vice President (deputy speaker) of the Norwegian parliament. Chaudhry came to Norway from Pakistan in 1982.He served in the position of deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Oslo during the terms 2001–2005 and 2005–2009.
 City of Water is a documentary about the future of the New York City waterfront by the Metropolitan Waterfront Alliance and the Municipal Art Society.
 The Grouchy Ladybug also known as The Bad-Tempered Ladybird is a 1977 children's book written by Eric Carle best known as the author of The Very Hungry Caterpillar. Based on a 2007 online poll the National Education Association named the book one of its Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children.
 Gwanaksan (Korean for Mt. Gwanak; 632 m) is a small mountain in southern Seoul South Korea. Portions lie in the Gwanak-gu and Geumcheon-gu districts of Seoul; other portions lie in the neighboring cities of Anyang and Gwacheon. The name gwanak means hat-shaped peak and refers to its gat-like profile.
 Edgar Nelson Rhodes PC (January 5 1877 – March 15 1942) was a Canadian parliamentarian from Nova Scotia. He was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1908 as a member of the Conservative Party. In January 1917 he became Speaker of the Canadian House of Commons when his predecessor Albert Sévigny was appointed to the Canadian Cabinet.
 San Antonio Rose is a 1941 American black-and-white musical film starring Jane Frazee and featuring Lon Chaney Jr. and Shemp Howard as a faux Abbott and Costello; it was also designed as a showcase for the then-popular vocal group The Merry Macs. The plot involves two rival groups of entertainers converging on an abandoned roadhouse with the intent to reopen it unaware that a gangster is eyeing the property for his own scheme.
 The Oquawka Wagon Bridge is a covered bridge located 2.5 miles (4.0 km) south of Oquawka in Henderson County Illinois. The wooden bridge was built in 1866 replacing an earlier bridge called the Eames Bridge; the bridge structure cost $2125 while its stone abutments cost $2.40 per perch.
 Richard Gordon Dick Darman (May 10 1943 – January 25 2008) was an American businessman and government official who served in senior positions during the presidencies of Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush.
 Gaviyeh (Persian: گاويه‎ also Romanized as Gāvīyeh) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 775 in 235 families.
 Galomecalpa tamaria is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Bolivia.The wingspan is about 27 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is orange at the costa postmedially but pale brownish in other areas. The markings are dark brown. The hindwings are grey strigulated with brownish grey.
 Zanna Bianca alla riscossa (internationally released as White Fang to the Rescue) is a 1974 Italian adventure film directed by Tonino Ricci. It is an unofficial sequel of Lucio Fulci's White Fang in which Ricci was second unit director. The film received mixed reviews.
 Pluck Lake is a lake to the east of Swansea city centre in the Morfa area north of Kilvey Hill. It forms part of Kilvey Community Woodland. Pluck Lake is a refuge for blue-tailed damselfly and the emperor dragonfly. In April 2008 a crocodile was supposedly sighted in the waters of the lake attracting some attention from the media and members from The Centre for Fortean Zoology and was nicknamed the Morfadile or Pluck Ness Monster.
 Micropentila fulvula is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Satakunnan Kansa is a morning broadsheet newspaper published in Finland. It is based in Pori. Established in 1873 as of 2007 it has a circulation of 55302 papers.
 Terebra polypenus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Naked Souls is a 1996 movie starring Brian Krause and Pamela Anderson. It was written by Frank Dietz and directed by Lyndon Chubbuck.While Pamela Anderson plays only a small role in the plot much of the advertising and even the movie tagline (She's about to bare her soul... and all that goes with it) is focused on her.[citation needed]
 Charles Dunn (December 28 1799–April 7 1872) was a United States jurist and politician.Born in Bullitt's Lick Bullitt County Kentucky Dunn was educated in Kentucky and Illinois. Dunn read law under Nathaniel Pope in Illinois and was admitted to the Illinois bar. During the Black Hawk War of 1832 Dunn served in the Illinois Militia. Dunn served as the clerk of the Illinois House of Representatives and was elected to serve in the Illinois House.
 The Farrar Distillery is a 19th-century distillery in Noah Tennessee about 11 miles (18 km) north of Manchester.The distillery is located on a family farm that dates to 1869 when Alexander Farrar purchased a tract of 103 acres (42 ha). He expanded the farm in 1875 when he acquired an additional 30 acres (12 ha). In addition to producing wheat corn small grains and livestock on the farm Farrar established the distillery producing and selling corn whiskey and apple and peach brandy.
 Ectoedemia knysnaensis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Scoble in 1983. It is known from South Africa (it was described from the Cape Province).
 Über Goober A Film About Gamers is a 2004 independent documentary film focusing on people who play role-playing games. The film was directed by Steve Metze and features interviews with Gary Gygax Peter Adkison Mike Stackpole and Bob Larson amongst others. The film has screened at theatres film festivals and gaming conventions winning the award for Best Film at Gen Con Indianapolis 2004.
 The Wolf Cub's Handbook is an instruction handbook written by Baden-Powell for Wolf Cubs (present-day Cub Scouts) and pack leaders. The book is based on the theme of the jungle described in a children's book The Jungle Book written by Baden-Powell's friend Rudyard Kipling.
 E. Grady Jolly (born 1937) is a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. His chambers are in Jackson Mississippi.Jolly was born in Louisville Mississippi. He received a B.A. from the University of Mississippi in 1959 and a LL.B. from the University of Mississippi Law School in 1962.
 La suerte en tus manos is a film co-produced by Argentina Brazil and Spain directed by Daniel Burman based on his own script written in collaboration with Sergio Dubcovsky which premiered on March 29 2012 starring Norma Aleandro Jorge Drexler Valeria Bertuccelli and Gabriel Schultz.
 Charles Dominique Joseph Bouligny (August 22 1773 – March 4 1833) was a lawyer and U.S. Senator from Louisiana.
 Chelmen Sang-e Sofla (Persian: چهل من سنگ سفلي‎ also Romanized as Chelmen Sang-e Soflá; also known as Chelmen Sang-e Pā’īn Chelmeh Sang-e Soflá and Cholmeh Sang) is a village in Abravan Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 857 in 175 families.
 The Trou Barbet River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 The Machias Post Office and Customhouse in Machias Maine was built in 1872. It served historically as a customhouse and as a post office. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Arcuș River (Hungarian: Árkos-patak) is a tributary of the Olt River. It starts at the junction of headwaters Pârâul Mare and Pârâul Umbros
 The Măgheruș River is a tributary of the Beregsău River in Romania.The Murani Dam is located on the Măgheruș River.
 Iolaus laon the Fine Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in eastern Ivory Coast Ghana Togo and western Nigeria. The habitat consists of forests and disturbed areas such as cocoa plantations.The larvae feed on the flowers of Loranthus incanus. They are mole-coloured.
 Chalak (Persian: چلك‎) is a village in Ani Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 459 in 107 families.
 Antonio Hernández Mancha (born April 1 1951 Guareña Badajoz) is a former Spanish politician and former president of the People's Alliance political party from 1987 - 1989. He is married and has two children.He was elected regional president of People's Alliance in Andalucía (1980 - 1987).
 Red Rain is a 2012 horror novel by R. L. Stine. Published on October 9 2012 the book is Stine's second adult hardcover horror novel. Stine who was inspired by the films Village of the Damned Island of the Damned and Children of the Damned decided to write the novel for his old audience from the 1990s.
 Modbury Priory was a Benedictine priory in Modbury Devon England established about 1140 and lasting until the 15th century. It was located close to the current St George's Church Modbury but there is doubt about the exact location of the priory.
 Second Presbyterian Church is a historic church at Tenth Avenue and Twelfth Street South in Birmingham Alabama. It was built in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Elwin Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located Prince Regent Inlet by the northeastern shore of Somerset Island. Port Leopold is nearby.
 Mirror Mirror is an American novel published in 2003. It was written by Gregory Maguire. The novel is a revisionist version of the tale of Snow White.
 Sholdan (Persian: شلدان‎ also Romanized as Sholdān and Shaldān; also known as Shaldūn) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 9 families.
 Time Again is a 2003 smooth jazz album by saxophonist David Sanborn.
 The Embassy of Uzbekistan in Washington D.C. (also known as the Clarence Moore House and the Old Canadian Embassy) is the diplomatic mission of the Republic of Uzbekistan to the United States. The current ambassador of Uzbekistan to the United States is Bakhtiyar Gulyamov. The embassy is located at 1746 Massachusetts Avenue NW on Embassy Row in Washington D.C. between Scott Circle and Dupont Circle.
 The Chocolate Royal  Remelana jangala is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 The Kivalina River is a 60-mile-long (97 km) river in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Alaska flowing into Kivalina Lagoon in the Northwest Arctic Borough. It begins in the De Long Mountains and flows southwest 60 miles (97 km) through Kivalina Lagoon to the Chukchi Sea. Its Inuit name was spelled Kuveleek by Lieutenant G. M. Stoney United States Navy in 1885 and its present spelling was adopted in 1904.The village of Kivalina is located on a reef at the mouth of the river.
 Mobile Suit Gundam 00 the Movie: A wakening of the Trailblazer (劇場版 機動戦士ガンダム00 -A wakening of the Trailblazer-) is a 2010 Japanese animated science fiction film part of the Gundam metaseries and directed by Seiji Mizushima. The film is set two years after the second season of Mobile Suit Gundam 00 as the film sees Celestial Being against a group of hostile aliens known as ELS. It is the first Gundam series to have included aliens in any of its franchises.
 Mohamed Omer served as the interim foreign minister of Eritrea after the death of Ali Said Abdella in August 2005. He is currently the Director General of the North Africa and Middle East Desk of the Eritrean Foreign Ministry.
 Stéphane Gendron (born December 22 1967) is the mayor of Huntingdon Quebec Canada and a radio host a television host and a political analyst for several media outlets.
 Baltieji Lakajai is a major lake of eastern Lithuania located about 12 miles east of Moletai in Labanoras Regional Park of Utena County. It is part of the Neris River basin an elongated lake in a west - east direction.
 BEAR Magazine is a periodical specifically geared toward gay and bisexual men who are — or who admire — bears i.e. men with facial and/or body hair. It was initially published in San Francisco California in 1987 by Richard Bulger and his partner Chris Nelson and marketed to the bear community within the larger LGBT community.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād; also known as Onaşīrābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 8 families.
 Midnight Sun is a graphic novel written and drawn by Ben Towle. It is a semi-fictionalized account of the rescue of the Airship Italia in 1928.Midnight Sun was originally meant to be a six-part comic book series but only issues 1-3 came out before SLG decided to publish the entire story in a graphic novel format.
 The Very Idea is an American comedy film directed by Frank Craven and Richard Rosson and written by William Le Baron. Released in 1929 it was the fourth film released by RKO Pictures starring Sally Blane Hugh Trevor Allen Kearns Doris Eaton and Frank Craven. A comedy based on the theory of eugenics it was a critical and financial failure.
 Carnivorous Erection is the second full length album by goregrind band Regurgitate. It was released on October 20 2000 by Relapse Records. The picture LP version was released in 2001 by Morbid Records. The album cover was named one of the worst album covers of all time by the staff of Pitchfork Media.
 Knockewart Loch or Loch Jargon was situated in a hollow lying area beneath Knockewart Hill in the Parish of Ardrossan North Ayrshire Scotland. The old loch has become largely drained and overgrown since the late 19th century.
 Great Limber Preceptory Limber Magna was a Camera (farm) of the Knights Templar and later the Knights Hospitaller in the village of Great Limber (or Limber Magna) Lincolnshire England.The manor and church of Great Limber were granted by Richard de Humet of Normandy France and Agnes his wife to the Cistercian abbey of Aunay in Normandy and their charter was confirmed by King Henry II in 1157. It seems likely that the property was a grange rather than a priory.
 Kayarcık is a village in the District of Tufanbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 The Best of Fritz Leiber is a collection of short stories by Fritz Leiber. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Sphere Books in paperback in May 1974 and in the United States in hardcover by Doubleday in June 1974; a British hardcover and American paperback followed in November of the same year from Sidgwick & Jackson and Ballantine Books respectively.
 D-File: For TV Programs d・file -for tv programs-  is the thirteenth solo album from Japanese musician Daisuke Asakura released on July 19 2006. According to the title each track on the album was used in a Japanese television program but it has never been specified by Asakura in exactly which television programs the tracks were used.
 This Stuff'll Kill Ya! is a 1971 film.
 The Boisduval's Autumn Moth (Oenosandra boisduvalii) is a moth of the Oenosandridae family and only member of the Oenosandra genus. It is found in the southern half of Australia including Tasmania.The wingspan is about 50 mm.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species.
 A Very Special Favor is a 1965 romantic comedy film directed by Michael Gordon and starring Rock Hudson and Leslie Caron.
 The silver monkey (Cercopithecus doggetti) is a species of Old World monkey found primarily in East Africa. Its range includes Burundi Tanzania Rwanda Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The silver monkey was previously considered a subspecies of the blue monkey (Cercopithecus mitis).
 The Arcadia Free Public Library is a Carnegie library serving Arcadia Wisconsin. The city's library service was established in 1899 through a donation from State Senator Levi Withee and was originally based in the city hall. The Carnegie Foundation funded a library building for the city in 1905 and the library was built the following year. The building was designed by Diedrik A. Omeyer in the Classical Revival style.
 Khan is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3925 and had 760 houses in the town.
 Pianki [ˈpjanki] (German Pianken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Orzysz 28 km (17 mi) north of Pisz and 95 km (59 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Hung Hsiu-chu (Chinese: 洪秀柱; pinyin: Hóng Xiùzhù) is a politician in the Republic of China. She currently serves as the Vice President of Legislative Yuan since 1 February 2012.
 Dynomiella is a genus of beach flies in the family Canacidae. All known species are Afrotropical.
 Option (オプション Opushon in katakana and subtitled Exciting Car Magazine) is an automotive magazine founded by Daijiro Inada in 1981 to meet the demand for enthusiasts of modified Japanese cars in Japan.The magazine is published by the Japanese media giant San-Ei Shobo Publishing Co. Ltd. the parent company of Sunpros a company owned by Inada who is behind both the D1 Grand Prix series and Tokyo Auto Salon.
 Greatest Hits is an album by American country music singer Gary Allan. It was released on March 6 2007 on the MCA Nashville label and has been certified gold by the RIAA. The album includes the greatest hits from his first six studio albums along with two new songs A Feelin' Like That and As the Crow Flies. The former was released as a single reaching number 12 on the Hot Country Songs charts in 2007.The album debuted at number five on the U.S.
 Lokal express is a newspaper published in Luxembourg.
 This article is about an Arakanese (Rakhine) chronicle. For the standard chronicle of Toungoo Dynasty see Maha Yazawin.Maha Razawin (Burmese: မဟာ ရာဇဝင်) is an Arakanese (Rakhine) chronicle covering the history of Arakan. The surviving portions of the chronicle consist of 148 palm-leaf manuscript bundles (1776 palm-leaves).
 Węgleszyn-Dębina [vɛŋˈɡlɛʂɨn dɛmˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oksa within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Oksa 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Jędrzejów and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Street Called Desire is the fourth and final album by the duo René & Angela. This would be their only album for the Mercury Records label.
 Gurdahan (Persian: گوردهان‎ also Romanized as Gūrdahān) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Union Square Cafe is an American restaurant featuring New American cuisine located at 21 East 16th Street (between Union Square West and Fifth Avenue) in the Union Square neighborhood of in the Manhattan borough of New York City New York. It is owned by Danny Meyer with chef Michael Romano.
 The Bighorn Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County California.
 Gløshaug Church (Norwegian: Gløshaug kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Grong in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Gartland. The church is part of the Harran parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden stave church was constructed in 1689 and seats about 100 people.
 Notoliparis is a small genus of snailfishes native to the southern Pacific Ocean and the Southern Ocean.
 Byron J. Matthews (born August 30 1928) is an American politician who served as Mayor of Newburyport Massachusetts from 1968 to 1978 and Massachusetts Secretary of Communities and Development from 1979 to 1983.Matthews entered politics in 1962 when he was elected to the Newburyport City Council. He was elected Mayor in 1968 and served an unprecedented five terms.
 Renaissance (Atco Records catalog no. [SD] 33-244; originally available in both mono and stereo) is the third album by rock band Vanilla Fudge released in June 1968.
 for the hotel in Calais see Hôtel Meurice de Calais.Le Meurice (nickname: The Hotel of Kings) is a 5-star hotel in the 1st arrondissement of Paris opposite the Tuileries Garden between Place de la Concorde and the Musée du Louvre on the Rue de la Rivoli. From the Rue de la Rivoli it stretches to the Rue du Mont Thabor. Founded in 1815 the hotel is considered to be one of France's great old hotels. As of 2011 there are 160 rooms. The hotel employs around 400 people.
 Oliva reticulata common name the blood olive is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Yureru Omoi (揺れる想い Shifting Feelings) is the fourth album of Zard and was released on July 10 1993.
 Joseph Édouard Cauchon PC (December 31 1816 – February 23 1885) was a prominent Quebec politician in the middle years of the nineteenth-century. Although he held a variety of portfolios at the federal provincial and municipal levels he never achieved his goal of becoming the Premier of Quebec.Born to a well-established family of seigneurs Cauchon received a classical education at the Petit Séminaire of Quebec from 1830 to 1839 and subsequently studied law.
 Abingdon Church is a historic Episcopal church located near White Marsh Gloucester County Virginia. It was built about 1754 and is one-story structure built on a Latin cross plan with gable roof pedimented gable ends and modillioned cornice.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Atla (1886) is a fantasy novel by Ann Eliza Smith. It is a tale about the discovery of the Atlantis civilization by the Phoenicians.
 Piano Lessons is a 2009 award-winning non-fiction book by Australian classical pianist Anna Goldsworthy Artist in Residence of Janet Clarke Hall (University of Melbourne) and Artistic Director of the Port Fairy Spring Music Festival.In Piano Lessons Goldsworthy documents her piano study from a young age under the Russian emigre Eleanora Sivan.Originally published in Australia in October 2009 by Black Inc. the US rights were sold to American publisher St.
 Die Son (Afrikaans: The Sun) is an Afrikaans-language South African tabloid reporting sensational news essentially after the model of British tabloids. It is the South African newspaper with the largest increase in readership in recent years. In the Western Cape province it appears as a daily; in other provinces it is a weekly paper. The editorial seat is in Cape Town.
 Bad Boys (Finnish: Pahat pojat) is a 2003 Finnish crime drama film directed by Aleksi Mäkelä based on the story of a notorious real-life family of criminals. It was the most successful film in Finnish theatres after The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King in 2003 taking in $4778324. This makes the film one of the most successful Finnish films at the national box office of all time.
 Euscorpius is a genus of scorpions commonly called small wood-scorpions. It presently contains 17 species (but see below) and is the type genus of the family Euscorpiidae - long included in the Chactidae - and the subfamily Euscorpiinae.The most common members belong to the E. carpathicus species complex which makes up the subgenus Euscorpius.
 Sant'Andrea delle Fratte is a 17th-century basilica church in Rome Italy dedicated to St. Andrew. The Cardinal Priest of the Titulus S. Andreae Apostoli de Hortis is Ennio Antonelli.The current church was built over a pre-existing one erected in 1192 called infra hortes (between orchards whence the name fratte woods) for it was located in a countryside area.
 L'Intermédiaire des Mathématiciens was a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering mathematics published by Gauthier-Villars et fils. It was established in 1894 by Émile Lemoine and Charles-Ange Laisant and was published until 1920. A second series started in 1922 and was published until 1925.
 The Fruits of Enlightenment aka Fruits of Culture (1889) is a play by the Russian writer Leo Tolstoy. It satirizes the persistence of unenlightened attitudes towards the peasants amongst the Russian landed aristocracy. In 1891 Constantin Stanislavski achieved success when he directed the play for his Society of Art and Literature organization.Tolstoy created the first incomplete draft of the play in 1886 along with The Power of Darkness.
 Hartsop Dodd is a fell in the English Lake District standing to the south east of Brothers Water. It is a subsidiary top on the north ridge of Caudale Moor but was given separate fell status by Wainwright in his Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells. That convention is followed here.
 A Statue for Father is a humorous science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. The story first appeared in the February 1959 issue of Satellite Science Fiction and was reprinted in the 1975 collection Buy Jupiter and Other Stories.
 Phyllonorycter fragilella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Québec and the United States (Texas Maine Michigan New York Massachusetts Illinois and Wyoming).The wingspan is 8.5-9 mm.The larvae feed on Lonicera species (including Lonicera sempervirens and Lonicera × bella Zabel 'albida') Symphoricarpos species (including Symphoricarpos orbiculatus and Symphoricarpos vulgaris) and Chiococca alba. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Proprietor is a 1996 film. It is a U.S.-French co-production Merchant Ivory film directed by Ismail Merchant for Jeanne Moreau's request.
 The Land Titles Building was a federal government office built in Edmonton in 1893. It later became the Victoria Armoury and was used by three Edmonton regiments.
 Passasson is a weekly newspaper published in Laos. The newspaper was established on August 13 1950.
 J. Shantha is an Indian politician and a Member of Parliament in the 15th Lok Sabha of India. She represents the Bellary constituency of Karnataka and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party political party.
 Mount Scopus (Hebrew הַר הַצּוֹפִים (Har HaTsofim) Arabic: جبل المشارف‎ Ǧabal al-Mašārif lit. Mount Lookout) جبل المشهد Ǧabal al-Mašhad جبل الصوانة) is a mountain (elevation: 2710 feet or 826 meters above sea level) in northeast Jerusalem. In the wake of the 1948 Arab-Israeli War Mount Scopus became a UN protected Israeli exclave within Jordanian-administered territory until the Six-Day War in 1967. Today Mount Scopus lies within the municipal boundaries of the city of Jerusalem.
 The Cabildo was the seat of colonial government in New Orleans Louisiana and is now a museum. The Cabildo is located along Jackson Square adjacent to St. Louis Cathedral.
 The Phantoms is a 2012 Canadian film based on the true story of the tragic Bathurst bus crash in Northern New Brunswick in 2008. The film aired on CBC Television on November 18 2012.
 Redeemer of Souls is the upcoming 17th studio album by heavy metal band Judas Priest set to be released on 14 July 2014. It is their first album in 6 years since 2008's Nostradamus and also their first without founding guitarist K.K. Downing who left the band in 2011 and was replaced by new guitarist Richie Faulkner.
 Crockett's Cove Presbyterian Church also known as Cove Brick Church is a historic Presbyterian church located near Wytheville Wythe County Virginia. The church was built in 1858 and is a small rectangular Greek Revival style brick church building. The church served as a hospital following the Battle of Cove Mountain.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Three Suite Piece is an album of music released by René Lussier Chris Cutler and Jean Derome. The album was released on Cutler's Recommended Records label in 1996.As per its title the Three Suite Piece contains three extended compositions from Lussier Derome and Cutler. The first track La suite des trois pommes is taken from the film score of a 1987 production by Jacques Leduc.
 Płastkowo [pwastˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 United! is a 1973 children's novel by prolific British author Michael Hardcastle. It is the second in a series of books focusing on the fortunes of fictitious youth football team Bank Vale United.
 Mount Kemul (also Kemoel Kemal Kongkemul Kong Kemul) (Indonesian: Gunung Kemul) is a mountain in East Kalimantan. It is the type locality of the pitcher plant species Nepenthes fusca and Nepenthes mollis.
 Four Seasons Hotel London at Park Lane is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It is located near Hyde Park corner in central London. It was built in 1970 as the Inn on the Park London.The hotel was reopened in 2010 after an extensive two year redevelopment costing an estimated £125 million. The work included a new floor Italian restaurant Amaranto and an interior redesign by Pierre-Yves Rochon.
 Vali Beyglu (Persian: ولي بيگلو‎ also Romanized as Valī Beyglū; also known as Valī Beyklū) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 43 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Mahru Rural District Zaz va Mahru District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 4 families.
 Brian D. Birdwell (born November 3 1961) is a Republican from Granbury Texas who represents District 22 in the Texas Senate. A retired lieutenant colonel in the United States Army Birdwell is a decorated survivor of the terrorist attack on the Pentagon in Arlington Virginia on September 11 2001.
 Jozua François ('Tom') Naudé (15 April 1889 Middelburg Cape – 31 May 1969 Cape Town) served as Acting State President of South Africa from 1967 to 1968.A National Party politician for many years he served as Minister of Posts and Telegraphs from 1950 to 1954 as Minister of Health from 1954 to 1958 and as Minister of Finance from 1958 to 1961.
 My Life as a Snypa is the first album by the rap group Snypaz. It was released independently for Creative Way Records and was produced by The Legendary Traxster. Though the album did not chart it eventually sold 80000 copies and earned the group a record deal with Rap-a-Lot Records.
 Port Henry is a village in Essex County New York United States. The population was 1194 at the 2010 census.The Village of Port Henry lies on the east side of the Town of Moriah and is approximately one hour's drive (45 miles or 72 km) south of Plattsburgh. It is 33 miles (53 km) south-southwest of Burlington VT 97 miles (156 km) north of Albany NY and 102 miles (164 km) south of Montreal Quebec.
 The Gift of Fear is a nonfiction self-help book (1997) written by Gavin de Becker. The book provides strategies to help readers avoid trauma and violence by teaching them various warning signs and precursors to violence.
 Argyrocupha is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Attborough Swallet (also known as Red Quar Swallet) is a cave in Chewton Mendip in Somerset England.It is unusual for a cave on the Mendip Hills in that it is not in limestone but instead in Dolomitic Conglomerate and Marl. The main part of the cave was first entered in 1992 although Red Quar Swallet had been dug in the 1930s and the entrance shaft is now a concrete pipe. .It takes its name from the Attborough field in which the entrance is situated.
 Fork in the Road is the thirty-first studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young released April 7 2009 on Reprise Records. The album was released on vinyl on July 26 2009.The album was inspired by Young's Lincoln Continental that had been retooled to run entirely on alternative energy and Young's background with the Lincvolt project he has been working on alongside mechanic Jonathan Goodwin. The project has been to develop a viable electric energy power system for automobiles.
 Pillaiyarmatham is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 People Like A Happy Ending is the debut album from Stillman a.k.a. singer-songwriter Chaz Craik. It won Best Album at the Glasswerk New Music Awards 2007.
 Jin Yunpeng (simplified Chinese: 靳云鹏; traditional Chinese: 靳雲鵬; pinyin: Jìn Yúnpéng; IPA: [t͡ɕìn ýnpʰə́ŋ]?; 1877 – 30 January 1951) was a Chinese General and politician of the Warlord Era of the Republic of China. He served as both Minister of War and then Premier of China several times.
 Protest is the second solo album by Bunny Wailer originally released in 1977 in Jamaica on Solomonic Records and internationally on Island Records.
 The Plișca River is a tributary of the Grosul River in Romania.
 Myoxocephalus octodecemspinosus or the Longhorn sculpin is a scavenging species of sculpin in the family Cottidae. The species is native to the northwest Atlantic with a range extending from Newfoundland and the Gulf of Saint Lawrence to Virginia.
 Pee-Wee's Big Adventure is a 1985 American adventure comedy film directed by Tim Burton in his full-length film directing debut and starring Paul Reubens as Pee-wee Herman. Reubens also co-wrote the script with Phil Hartman and Michael Varhol. Supporting roles are played by Elizabeth Daily Mark Holton Diane Salinger and Judd Omen.
 Gurbicze [ɡurˈbit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaświły within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The Reckoning is an upcoming Australian thriller film written and directed by John V. Soto starring Luke Hemsworth Viva Bianca Jonathan LaPaglia Hanna Mangan Lawrence and Alex Williams.
 Worship is the third album from the noise rock band A Place to Bury Strangers. It is their first album for their new label Dead Oceans. You Are the One was released a free download on April 2.The track listing has been confirmed on the label's site.
 [check quotation syntax]Crimson Tonight is an EP by The Stone Roses released with special editions of their album Second Coming. Crimson Tonight was only released in Australia and Japan. Crimson Tonight was a live recording of four tracks culled from Second Coming played during a concert at Páirc Uí Chaoimh County Cork as part of Ireland's Féile Festival in August 1995.
 The Forest Penduline Tit (Anthoscopus flavifrons) is a species of bird in the Remizidae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Gabon Ghana Liberia and Nigeria.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Engrave is the second album released by Amulet.
 This Bliss is the second album by the German minimal techno artist Pantha du Prince. It was released on January 29 2007. Two of the tracks Urlichten and Walden 2 had been released prior to the album on the Lichten/Walden 12 single. It was named the 55th best album of the decade by Resident Advisor. The New York Times critic Jon Caramanica described This Bliss as Pantha du Prince's high-water mark a pensive slender and tough album.
 Macrocneme evelina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in Panama.
 The Clearwater River is a 147-mile-long (237 km) tributary of the Red Lake River of Minnesota in the United States. Via the Red Lake River the Red River of the North Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River it is part of the Hudson Bay watershed.
 Silks and Saddles is a 1921 Australian film set in the world of horse racing directed by John K. Wells.The film is also known as Queen o' Turf or Queen of the Turf in the USA.
 Spina di Gualdo is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 Chichi Koishi (父恋し) is a black-and-white Japanese film released in 1951. The film was directed by Shunkai Mizuho and stars Hibari Misora.
 For the song Heart Don't Lie see Heart Don't Lie (song).Heart Don't Lie is the third album released by singer La Toya Jackson. It is her most critically acclaimed and commercially successful album to date peaking at #149 on the Billboard 200.
 Golestaneh (Persian: گلستانه‎ also Romanized as Golestāneh) is a village in Rumeshkhan-e Sharqi Rural District Rumeshkhan District Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1008 in 227 families.
 Donja Međiđa is a village in the municipality of Gradačac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Leave the Fire Behind is a cover album by folk-singer John Craigie consisting of songs from the 1990s. It features songs from the bands Everclear Gin Blossoms Green Day Marcy Playground Blind Melon The Wallflowers Smashing Pumpkins 4 Non Blondes Red Hot Chili Peppers and The Counting Crows.
 Večernje novosti (Serbian Cyrillic: Вечерње новости; English: Evening News) is a Serbian daily tabloid newspaper. Founded in 1953 it quickly grew into a high-circulation daily. Novosti (as most people call it for short) also employs foreign correspondents spread around 23 national capitals around the globe.[citation needed]
 The Pagan Christ: Recovering the Lost Light is a 2004 best-selling non-fiction book by Tom Harpur (born 1929) a former Anglican priest journalist and professor of Greek and New Testament at the University of Toronto which supports the Christ myth theory.
 Gesonia obeditalis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from eastern Africa the Seychelles the Maldives and the Oriental tropics east to the Philippines the Sula Islands and Australia.The wingspan is about 20 mm. The wings are brown with a scalloped dark brown submarginal band. The hindwings have a similar pattern but are somewhat paler.The larvae feed on Gramineae species as well as Stylosanthes species.
 Eriophyes is a genus of acari.Species include:
 Chandeni Mandan is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3267 and had 618 houses in it.
 Jahadabad (Persian: جهاداباد‎ also Romanized as Jahādābād) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 16 families.
 John B. Trevor (1788–1860) was Pennsylvania State Treasurer from 1820 to 1821. He also served as Prothonotary of Fayette County Pennsylvania from 1822 to 1824 and was the first cashier of the Connellsville Navigation Company serving from 1816 to 1819.He graduated from Jefferson College (now Washington & Jefferson College) in 1805.
 Moon of Blood is a short story by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. It was first published by Bantam Books in the paperback collection Conan the Swordsman in August 1978. Later paperback editions of the collection were issued by Ace Books (1987 and 1991). The first hardcover edition was published by Tor Books in 2002. The book has also been translated into Italian.
 The Sun Shines Bright is a collection of seventeen nonfiction science essays written by Isaac Asimov. It was the fifteenth of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1981.
 The Slaty-backed Thornbill (Acanthiza robustirostris) is a species of bird in the Pardalotidae family.It is endemic to Australia.
 Aupke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Chaos is My Name is the debut album by the drone doom band Khlyst. Stephen Kasner did the artwork for the album.
 Sun Down / Sun Rise is the fifth release by Jesu.The EP was released on 12 colored vinyl in two limited formats through Aurora Borealis Records on April 23 2007. The EP had seen a prior release as a bonus CD appended to the Japanese version of Conqueror issued via Daymare. It has subsequently seen a second pressing via Aurora Borealis and Hydra Head in different colors.
 Kenneth Irvine Chenault (born June 2 1951) is an American business executive. He has been the CEO and Chairman of American Express since 2001. He is the third African-American CEO of a Fortune 500 company.
 Laveh (Persian: لاوه‎ also Romanized as Lāveh; also known as Lāveh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Ronald Paul Goebbel is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He was born in Pittsburgh.
 Heisler is a village in central Alberta Canada. It is located 23 km south of Daysland and 20 km north of Forestburg.
 The Jantzen Knitting Mills Company Building is a building located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Nebria klapperichi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Afghanistan.
 Oak Hill is an historic home of the Marshall family in Delaplane Virginia.It lies north of I-66 just east of the US-17/Delaplane exit from westbound I-66. It consists of two separate houses connected by a passageway. The earlier and smaller house a Colonial farmhouse measuring 32 ft × 30 ft (9.8 m × 9.1 m) was built in 1773 by Colonel Thomas Marshall father of John Marshall Chief Justice of the United States.
 The Tiger Blade (Thai: เสือคาบดาบ or Seua khaap daap) is a 2005 Thai action film.
 The Jabiberi River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Gross Furkahorn is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Uri. It lies north of the Furka Pass and east of the Rhone Glacier.
 Cat Sense is a 2013 Documentary book written by John Bradshaw. It was published on August the 15th 2013 and was chosen by the New York Times as one of its best-sellers in 2013.It was also publicly speaking well received and praised for its humorist approach of its subject Cat Psychology.As such major newspapers and radios gave good reviews such as NPR which put it in its 2013 Great Reads.
 Kalajoki (literally Fish River) is a 130 kilometres (80 mi) long river in Northern Ostrobothnia Finland.Its origin is near Haapajärvi and flows into Baltic Sea at Kalajoki municipality.
 Matthew John (Matt) Birney (born 10 June 1969) is an Australian politician. He was a Liberal member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 2001 to 2008 serving as Leader of the Opposition from 2005 to 2006.Birney was born in Sydney but comes from a family long established on the Western Australian goldfields and has lived in the regional city of Kalgoorlie since childhood.
 Wilson Soto is a Puerto Rican politician and former mayor of Cataño.Soto was sworn in as mayor of Cataño in 2003 after longtime mayor Edwin Rivera Sierra presented his resignation. He was then elected officially at the 2004 general elections. Soto ran for reelection at the 2008 general elections but lost to the candidate of the Popular Democratic Party José Rosario.After that Soto was indicted on nine charges of bribery and violation to the code of ethics.
 The 49th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday of October and terms began on the first Tuesday in January. It met in Dover Delaware convening January 4 1825 two weeks before the beginning of the second year of the administration of Governor Samuel Paynter.
 Kadanad is a village in Kottayam district in the state of Kerala India.
 Tõrma is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Avarolli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.Avarolli village is in the Khanapur Taluk of Belgaum District. Khanapur Belgaum Bylahongal and Supa are the towns close to Avarolli. Avarolli is reachable by Khanapur Railway Station  Idalhond Railway Station  Gunji Railway Station or Desur RailWay Station. It is the main village in Avarolli Panchayat.
 Rappadikalude Gatha (English: The Song of the Nightingales) is a 1978 Malayalam film written by Padmarajan directed by K. G. George and starring Vidhubala in the lead role.
 The Walnut Blue (Chaetoprocta odata) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 The Dragoteanu River is a tributary of the Muncelu River in Romania
 The Chelsea Old Church also known as All Saints is an Anglican church on Old Church Street Chelsea London SW3 England near Albert Bridge. It is the church for a parish in the Diocese of London part of the Church of England. Inside there is seating for 400 people. There is a memorial plaque to the author Henry James (1843–1916) who lived nearby on Cheyne Walk. To the west of the church is a small public garden containing a sculpture by Jacob Epstein.
 The Church of St Thomas the Martyr is located in School Lane Upholland Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ormskirk the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Five is an independently made 1951 black-and-white post-apocalyptic science fiction film produced directed and written by Arch Oboler and distributed by Columbia Pictures. The title refers to the number of survivors of an atomic bomb disaster that appears to have wiped out the rest of the human race. According to Robert Osborne of Turner Classic Movies this film is the first to depict the aftermath of such a catastrophe.
 L'Enclume (meaning the anvil) is a restaurant located in Cartmel Cumbria England. In 2008 the restaurant held one star in the Michelin Guide. In 2012 the restaurant held two stars in the Michelin Guide.In the 2014 edition of the The Good Food Guide L'Enclume was awarded a perfect 10 cooking score and topped the list of the UK's best restaurants.The restaurant was founded in 2003 by chef-patron Simon Rogan who trained under Marco Pierre White and co-owner Penny Tapsell.
 Pstroszyce Pierwsze [pstrɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Miechów and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 270.
 Following is a list of all United States federal judges appointed by President Warren G. Harding during his presidency. In total Harding appointed four Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States (including one Chief Justice) 6 judges to the United States Courts of Appeals and 42 judges to the United States district courts.
 Metallic Attack: The Ultimate Tribute is a tribute album to thrash metal band Metallica. Motörhead's cover of Whiplash from this album won a Grammy for Best Metal Performance in 2005. The album contains covers of songs from Metallica's first 5 studio albums.
 Reginald Ernest Prentice Baron Prentice PC (16 July 1923 – 18 January 2001) was a British politician who held ministerial office in both Labour and Conservative Party governments. He is the most senior Labour figure ever to defect to the Conservative party.
 The Pope's Children: Ireland's New Elite is a book by journalist and economist David McWilliams.In his book McWilliams describes the effects that the Celtic Tiger and the property boom have had on Ireland resulting in the rise of a new bourgeoisie.The book's title reflects McWilliams' belief that the visit of Pope John Paul II to Ireland in the autumn of 1979 was a watershed in the country's history.
 Kisei Jūi Suzune (寄性獣医・鈴音) is a manga series by Haruki. It was adapted into a live action film in 2011.
 Liocrobyla lobata is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaidō Honshū and Kyūshū) and Korea.The wingspan is 6–7 mm.The larvae feed on Pueraria species including Pueraria montana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a digitate blotch under the epidermis of the upper surface. It is pale green or pale greyish brown.
 Secrets of a Secretary is a 1931 film directed by George Abbott and starring Claudette Colbert and Herbert Marshall. Stage actress Mary Boland's first talking film.
 Macrauzata is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.
 The Menacers first published in 1968 was the eleventh novel in the Matt Helm spy series by Donald Hamilton.
 The Triumph of the Moon: A History of Modern Pagan Witchcraft is a book of religious history by the English historian Ronald Hutton first published by Oxford University Press in 1999.
 Mojsiki [mɔi̯ˈɕiki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Sokoły 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Nedre Fagervollvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The 4.96-square-kilometre (1.92 sq mi) is located northeast of the villages of Mæla and Myklebustad.
 The Union Street Historic District extends along a section of that street in Schenectady New York United States. Covering roughly two miles (3.2 km) of both sides of the street it includes 184 buildings in its 65 acres (26 ha).Over the course of the 19th century the city's development followed Union one of the major through roads to the east as it industrialized and expanded out of its colonial core on the banks of the Mohawk River.
 Kyle T. Yamashita (born September 2 1959) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Hawaii House of Representatives since January 2005 representing District 12.
 Tracy Farm is an historic home and farm complex located at Orleans in Jefferson County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1890 on an existing limestone foundation. The main 2-story part of the house is an L-shaped block with a 1 1⁄2-story kitchen ell extending off the rear elevation.
 The Festivus was a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal about malacology and conchology published by the San Diego Shell Club. It was established in 1970 as a shell club newsletter gradually evolving into a scientific journal.
 William Wilson Webb was an Ontario businessman and political figure. He represented Northumberland East in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1871 to 1874.Webb was born near Colborne in Upper Canada the son of an Irish immigrant. He was a merchant in Brighton and served as reeve of Brighton in 1864 and 1865.
 Vaaranam Aayiram (English: Thousand Elephants) is a 2008 Tamil romantic drama written and directed by Gautham Menon. Suriya plays dual lead roles with Simran Divya Spandana and Sameera Reddy . The film had been under production since late 2006 and was released worldwide on November 14 2008.
 Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger (/ˈʃwɔrtsənɛɡər/; German: [ˈaɐnɔlt ˈalɔʏs ˈʃvaɐtsənɛɡɐ]; born July 30 1947) is an Austrian-born American actor film producer businessman investor writer philanthropist former professional bodybuilder and politician. Schwarzenegger served two terms as the 38th Governor of California from 2003 until 2011.Schwarzenegger began weight training at the age of 15. He won the Mr. Universe title at age 20 and went on to win the Mr. Olympia contest seven times.
 Bridgeport Correctional Center is a high-security state prison for men in Bridgeport CT. It was built in and received its first inmates in 1958. It contains both pre-trial defendants for the courts of Ansonia Derby Milford Bridgeport Danbury Norwalk and Stamford and sentenced offenders.
 The Sunshine Boys is a play by Neil Simon that was produced on Broadway in 1972 and later adapted for film and television.
 Basilica de San Martin de Tours is a Minor Basilica in the town of Taal Batangas in the Philippines within the Archdiocese of Lipa. It is considered to be the largest church in the Philippines and in Asia standing 88.6 metres (291 ft) long and 48 metres (157 ft) wide. St. Martin of Tours is the patron saint of Taal whose fiesta is celebrated every November 11.
 The Ross Knox House is a historic Tudor Revival style residence in Mobile Alabama United States. The two-story brick and stucco house was completed in 1929. It is considered one of the best Tudor Revival houses in Mobile by the Alabama Historical Commission. Built in the 1920s upper-class suburb of County Club Estates it was designed by architect John Platt Roberts.
 Csaba Szabó (born 1968) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Nógrád County Regional List since 2010.Szabó has been the mayor of Hollókő since 1998. He was elected a member of the Parliamentary Committee on Culture and Press on May 14 2010.
 Super Ultra is the second official mixtape by English recording artist Charli XCX.
 The Rainier Brewing Company Bottling Plant at 310 Spokane St. in Reno Nevada was built in 1905. Also known as Ice House Antiques it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was deemed important as a vestige of the once-significant brewing industry in Reno.
 Super Seeeeee!!!!!! is a live video released by Japanese noise rock band Boredoms and is their first official video. It was released in 1998 by Warner Music Japan on VHS and reissued later in 2004 and 2006 on DVD.
 Fred P. DuVal (born May 24 1954) is an American businessman civic leader and author from Phoenix Arizona. He is a candidate for Governor in 2014.For 35 years DuVal has been involved in state federal and foreign policy. His activities have focused on health care education economic development and natural resources.
 Tongurlar is a village in the District of Gölpazarı Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 57 people.
 Wesley Methodist Church is a historic church in Anchorage Kentucky.It was built in 1824 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 Labyrinth is the fourth self-titled studio album by the Italian power metal band Labyrinth released March 4 2005 on Arise Records.
 Antispila voraginella is a species of moth of the Heliozelidae family. It is found in the Rocky Mountains including Utah Arizona and western Texas.There is probably only one generation per year with adults emerging from April to June.The larvae feed on Vitis arizonica. They mine the leaves of their host plant and are usually gregarious with mines forming large pale blotches.
 Knight Park-Howell Station also known as Howell Station Historic District or Knight Park Historic District is a historic neighborhood in West Midtown Atlanta Georgia. Almost all buildings in the area were destroyed in the American Civil War in Sherman's March to the Sea so all buildings in the district are newer than 1864. The neighborhood was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Glyphipterix danilevskii is a moth of the Glyphipterigidae family. It is found in Romania.
 The Valea Ciungului River is a tributary of the Valea Șturului River in Romania.
 Congregation Ner Tamid is a Conservative Synagogue in Rancho Palos Verdes California.The clergy include Rabbi Brian Schuldenfrei Cantor Cory Winter and Cantor Emeritus Samuel Radwine.The synagogue has launched a number of programs including the Adult Education Preschool and USY programs.For almost sixteen years Ner Tamid met in people's homes and later in rented spaces. Finally in 1977 the synagogue purchased a piece of land and built a permanent structure on it.
 Lake Altus-Lugert also known as Lake Altus and Lake Lugert is a reservoir located 17 miles (27 km) north of Altus Oklahoma on the former site of the town of Lugert Oklahoma. The lake is used for fishing boating swimming and irrigation. However toxic blooms of golden algae killed off nearly all adult fish early in 2013 making it currently unsuitable for fishing.
 Blenda [ˈblɛnda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Przerośl 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Suwałki and 128 km (80 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Kuh-e Rak (Persian: كوه راك‎ also Romanized as Kūh-e Rāk) is a village in Rak Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 37 families.
 The Attoway R. Davis Home also known as the Attoway Davis Cottage is a historic house in Eutaw Alabama USA. The main block is a two-story I-house built in 1817. It is the oldest surviving house in Eutaw. Directly in front of this main block is a two-room cottage built in 1840. The rear of the cottage was later connected directly to the front of the main block. A physician built a one-room office on the grounds in 1850; it was later attached to the side of the two-room cottage.
 This article is about the album. For the song of the same name see Quasimodo's Dream (song).Quasimodo's Dream is the second album by Australian group The Reels released in May 1981 by Polygram Records. It is considered to be the band's best work and contains the iconic title track which was voted as number 10 on APRA's list of Top 30 Australian songs. Other singles from the album include After the News and Shout and Deliver.
 Ercole contro i tiranni di Babilonia (English Translation: Hercules and the Tyrants of Babylon) is a 1964 Italian film directed by Domenico Paolella and starring Peter Lupus.
 The Leveller was a British political magazine c.1976 to 1982 collectively produced by a shifting coalition of radicals socialists marxists feminists and others of the British left and progressive movements. It was published during the years of the Labour government of James Callaghan and the beginning of the era of the Conservative administration of Margaret Thatcher.
 The Vodnic River is a tributary of the Gelug River in Romania
 The Trouble with Angels is American band Filter's fifth studio album. It was released on August 17 2010 through Rocket Science Ventures in North America and Nuclear Blast in Europe. The first single from the album The Inevitable Relapse was released for free on the band's official website on May 26 2010. The album debuted at number 64 on Billboard's Top 200 selling 6300 copies.
 Robert Alan 'Bob' Johnston AC is an Australian economist and was the 4th Governor of the Reserve Bank of Australia.
 The Brebina Mică River is a headwater of the Brebina River in Romania.
 Gambling Ship is a 1933 American drama film starring Cary Grant and directed by Louis J. Gasnier and Max Marcin. The film's title refers to a gambling ship a ship which was anchored off-coast in international waters outside government control on which people could play casino games.
 Wall to Wall is the second album by the duo of René & Angela.
 Three Weeks is a 1924 drama film directed by Alan Crosland. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by Elinor Glyn. Currently a lost film FIAF database indicates a print is preserved by Russia's Gosfilmofond.The novel had previously been made into a film in 1914 directed by Perry N. Vekroff and starring Madlaine Traverse and George C. Pearce.
 The Wharekawa River is a river of the Coromandel Peninsula in the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northeast to reach the Wharekawa Harbour half way between Pauanui and Whangamata.
 Zero was a Spanish gay magazine. It was published monthly and features opinion gay news articles interviews and tourism.
 Not to be confused with the coonhound.The raccoon dog (Nyctereutes procyonoides from the Greek words nukt- night + ereutēs wanderer + prokuōn before-dog [but in New Latin used to mean raccoon] + -oidēs -oid) also known as the magnut or tanuki is a canid indigenous to East Asia. It is the only extant species in the genus Nyctereutes. It is considered a basal canid species resembling ancestral forms of the family.
 Dark Side of the Chant is Gregorian's 13th album released in 2010. It features songs which are originally made by artists varying from AC/DC and the Dutch band Within Temptation to their own work.
 Tonalli River a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 Amos Jerome Snell Hall and Charles Hitchcock Hall more commonly known as Snell–Hitchcock make up a residence hall at the University of Chicago. Built in 1892 (Snell) and 1901 (Hitchcock) they are the oldest residence halls still in use as such on the university's campus. Snell is built in a Collegiate Gothic style while Hitchcock is Prairie Style-inspired Gothic.
 The Waiotama River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest from its origins south of Maungatapere to reach the Wairua River 20 kilometres northeast of Dargaville.
 Chah-e Saidi (Persian: چاه سعيدي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Saʿīdī) is a village in Mazul Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Crucified Lovers (近松物語 Chikamatsu Monogatari literally A Story From Chikamatsu) is a 1954 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi. It was adapted from Chikamatsu Monzaemon's 1715 jōruri play Daikyōji Mukashi Goyomi (大経師昔暦).
 Lotusflower (stylized as LOtUSFLOW3R) is the thirtieth and thirty-first studio album by American recording artist Prince. It was released on March 24 2009 by NPG Records. A triple album set it contains two Prince albums his 22nd studio album LOtUSFLOW3R and his 23rd studio album MPLSºUND as well as Elixer the debut studio album by Prince protegée Bria Valente.
 Maiden Bradley Priory was a priory in Wiltshire England.
 Taxi Driver is the first album by Dynamic Duo released in 2004. The album features guest vocals from Brown Eyed Soul Drunken Tiger TBNY Lisa Bobby Kim Eun Ji Won Epik High Asoto Union and other Korean artists.
 Dreaming of Anna (foaled February 5 2004 at Lantern Hill Farm in Midway Kentucky) is an American thoroughbred racehorse.
 Mary H. Glenski (born August 31 1930) is a former Democratic member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 15 from 2001 to 2008. She did not run in 2008 because she had reached the term limits for South Dakota
 Myrmecorhynchus is a genus of ant in the subfamily Formicinae.
 Eduardo Francisco Cote Lamus (18 August 1928 – 3 August 1964) was a Colombian lawyer poet and politician.
 The J. A. Wood House is a historic house located at 3 Sacramento Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The large 2.5 story wood frame Colonial Revival house was built in 1888 for James Wood a lumber dealer. The house was designed by Hartwell and Richardson and originally faced Massachusetts Avenue. In 1925 it was rotated ninety degrees to face Sacramento Street in order to make way for commercial development.
 Jocelyn Birch Burdick (born February 6 1922) is an American politician who served as a Democratic United States Senator briefly during 1992. Upon the death of her husband Senator Quentin N. Burdick Governor George Sinner appointed her to fill the vacancy until a special election was held. She was not a candidate for election to the rest of the term and retired to Fargo upon the election of Kent Conrad to the office. Burdick was the first woman to serve in either house of the U.S.
 Mount Benacantil (Valencian pronunciation: [benakanˈtiɫ]) is a mount (or rather a large hill) that dominates the urban part of Alicante and is the characteristic image of the city.
 Kareri Lake (also known as Kumarwah Lake) is a high altitude shallow fresh water lake south of the Dhauladhar range approximately 9 km North West of Dharamsala in Kangra district Himachal Pradesh. Its surface is 2934 metres above the sea level. Snow melting from the Dhauladhar range serves as the source of the lake and a stream Nyund is the outflow.
 Spatsizi Mountain is a mountain in the Spatsizi Plateau a sub-plateau of the Stikine Plateau in north-central British Columbia Canada. The name Spatsizi derives from the Sekani language and means red goat as mountain goats in this region are known to roll on a particular red mountain resulting in a red colour to their coats.
 Cuchilla Alta (the Spanish term for High Hill) is a seaside resort of the Costa de Oro in Canelones Department of Uruguay Montevideo.
 Ushaka is a 1977 album by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo.
 The River Leen is 15 mile (24km) long tributary of the River Trent that flows through Nottinghamshire and the city of Nottingham in the East Midlands of England.
 The Winburndale Rivulet is a river of the state of New South Wales in Australia. It begins at the junction of the Kirkconnell and Mitchells Creeks to the West of Sunny Corner and flows in a westerly direction until it meets the Macquarie River to the East of Killongbutta.It is dammed to the East of Bathurst by Winburndale Dam.
 Dennis Apuan (born 30 October 1964) is a state legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado. A Filipino-American activist non-profit leader and community organizer Apuan narrowly won election to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Democrat in 2008. Apuan represents House District 17 which encompasses portions of southwestern Colorado Springs Colorado and the Fort Carson military base.
 A Personal History of the Australian Surf: Being the Confessions of a Straight Poofter is a 1981 Australian documentary.
 Lake Cristallina is a lake in the canton Ticino Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.75 ha.
 Transylvania 6-5000 is a 1985 American/Yugoslav horror/comedy movie about two tabloid reporters who travel to modern-day Transylvania to uncover the truth behind Frankenstein sightings. Along the way they encounter other horror movie staples — a mummy a werewolf a vampire — each with a twist.Directed by Rudy De Luca the film stars Jeff Goldblum Ed Begley Jr. Joseph Bologna and Geena Davis.
 Mazraeh-ye Do Qoli (Persian: مزرعه دوقلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Do Qolī) is a village in Murcheh Khvort Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Battle Order 204 is a historical non-fiction novel that recounts the experiences of David Mattingley a bomber pilot of the Royal Australian Air Force serving with No. 625 Squadron RAF.
 The Federal Building also known as the Century Post Office is a historic building located on Fayetteville Street in Raleigh North Carolina. It was the first Federal Government project in the South following the Civil War. Construction of the building began in 1874 and was completed in 1878. The building's Second Empire design was by Alfred B. Mullett whose more famous works included the Old Executive Office Building located near the White House.
 Chatzenstrick Pass (el. 1053 m.) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland.It connects Einsiedeln and Altmatt and was a route of pilgrimage to the abbey at Einsiedeln.
 Gyong La is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge southwest of the vast Siachen Glacier some 20 km (12 mi) directly north of map point NJ9842 which defined the end of the 1972 Line of Control between India and Pakistan. The Gyong La area is claimed by both countries but has been under India's control since 1984.
 The University of Western Sydney Law Review (previously Macarthur Law Review) is an annual peer-reviewed law review published by the University of Western Sydney School of Law.
 Jaú River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Berfa is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Valea Viezurilor River is a tributary of the Borod River in Romania
 Change is the tenth album by guitarist/vocalist Richie Kotzen.
 HeXaeon is the sixth studio album by Norwegian death metal band Aeternus.Even though drummer S. Winter is mentioned officially at the credits of the album all drums were recorded by Erik Vrolok a bit before he left the band.
 Bedse Caves (also known as Bedsa Caves) are situated in Maval taluka Pune District Maharashtra India.The history of the caves can be traced back up to 1st century BC. There are two main caves. The best known cave is the chaitya (prayer hall) with comparatively large stupa the other cave is monastery - vihara. Both the caves contain some carvings although are less ornate than later caves.
 Mount Memuro (芽室岳 Memuro-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. The western summit of Mount Memuro (1746 m) is named Mount Pankenūshi.
 The Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception is a cathedral serving Roman Catholics in the U.S. city of Mobile Alabama. It is the seat of the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mobile. The cathedral is named for Mary mother of Jesus under her title Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād; also known as Akrābād) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 8 families.
 La Casa Rosada (English: The Pink House) is the executive mansion and office of the President of Argentina. The palatial mansion is known officially as Casa de Gobierno (House of Government or Government House). Normally the President lives at the Quinta de Olivos the official residence of the President of Argentina which is located in Olivos Buenos Aires Province.
 Eileen Anderson (born October 18 1928 in Bell California) is the first and so far only woman to serve as Mayor of Honolulu Hawaii United States. She was in office from 1981 to 1985. A Democrat Anderson served in various positions in the city and county and the state. She was the first Hawaii State Director of Budget and Finance.
 Automeris duchartrei is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found in Ecuador Bolivia and Peru.The wingspan is 70–80 mm.
 Motorcycle Mechanics (Motorcycle Scooter and Three-Wheeler Mechanics also known as MM) was a British monthly magazine founded in 1959 under Mercury House Publications. With the strapline The illustrated how-to-do-it magazine it initially concentrated on the practicalities of owning motorcycles as a domestic form of transport with a focus on home maintenance and repairs. Published between 1959 and 1983 many copies carried the announcement: World's largest sale.
 Sir John Kaputin (born 11 July 1941) was the foreign minister of Papua New Guinea from 1992 until 1994 and from December 1999 until 2000. He is a co-founder of the Melanesian Alliance Party. He was named Commander of the Order of St. Michael and St. George in 1983 and Knight Bachelor of the British Empire in 1997.In March 2005 he took office as secretary-general of the African Caribbean and Pacific Group of States.
 Freight Train is the thirteenth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released on March 30 2010. The album's first single It's Just That Way was released on January 4 2010.
 Rebound is the debut album from American Idol Season 4 Top 10 finalist and singer Jessica Sierra which is due to be released in 2011 by Elite B Records.
 Vaitheeswaran is a 2008 Tamil language film. It starred Sarath Kumar and Meghna Naidu in the lead roles. The film failed to make an impact at the box office.
 Hyeongjebong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1778 metres.
 Ahmad Sadr Haj Seyyed Javadi (24 June 1917 – 31 March 2013) was an Iranian lawyer political activist and politician who served as interior minister and justice minister. He was the first interior minister after the 1979 revolution in Iran.
 The Warren County Courthouse is a stone building constructed in 1908 in Williamsport Indiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 19 2008.
 Kelijeh (Persian: كليجه‎ also Romanized as Kelījeh; also known as Golījeh) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 682 in 125 families.
 James O'Brien (August 3 1836 – May 28 1903) was a Canadian merchant wholesaler and politician.Born in Aughnagar County Tyrone Ireland O'Brien was educated there and moved to Canada in 1850. In 1858 he started business in the wholesale clothing and dry goods trade in Montreal. He retired from that business in 1893. He was a director of the Montreal City and District Savings Bank the Royal Victoria Life Insurance Company and also a member of the Board of Trade.
 Ultraviolet is the fourth studio album by All About Eve. It was the only album that the band released with MCA. Despite quite positive reviews at the time this album was not commercially successful reaching only #36 on the UK charts. The two singles only reached respectively #38 and #57 in the UK singles charts. As a consequence of this the band were dropped by MCA shortly afterwards.Outshine the Sun is frequently used at the band's gigs for a finale.
 Górki [ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowa within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Borowa 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Mielec and 65 km (40 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 510.
 Echo Peak el. 9570 feet (2920 m) is a mountain peak in the southern section of the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park.Echo Peak is so named because of its remarkable echo.
 Surfonic Water Revival is the title of a various artists compilation album which was recorded and released in 1998 by KMG Records. The album pays tribute to the pioneers of Surf music like Brian Wilson Jan and Dean the Belairs the Hondells the Surfaris the Ventures Beach Boys Dick Dale and many others.The album was produced by Terry Scott Taylor who also wrote the majority of the songs which were all recorded exclusively for this album.
 Isaiah First Prophet of Old is a Big Youth album released in 1978.
 Call Down The Moon was the eleventh studio album released by the Welsh psychedelic/progressive rock band Man and only the second since they had reformed in 1983. It was also their first American release in 20 years. It was recorded during November 1994 and released in 1995.
 Fitzhugh Lee (November 19 1835 – April 28 1905) was a Confederate cavalry general in the American Civil War the 40th Governor of Virginia diplomat and United States Army general in the Spanish-American War. He was the son of Sydney Smith Lee a captain in the Confederate States Navy and the nephew of General Robert E. Lee.
 Big lake of Buni Jezerce (Albanian: Liqeni i Madh i Buni Jezerce) is one of the largest lakes in the Prokletije found in the north of Albania. Big Lake is on an altitude of 1792 m (5879 ft) above sea level and is the largest of the 6 lakes found in the Buni Jezerce (meaning 'Valley of the Lakes') near the Montenegrian border. Many high peaks surround the lake including Maja Jezercë with a height of 2694 m (8839 ft).
 Butter Creek is a 57-mile (92 km) long creek in the U.S. state of Oregon. The source of the creek is at an elevation of 5034 feet (1534 m) in Umatilla National Forest while the mouth is at an elevation of 535 feet (163 m) upstream of Hermiston Oregon. Butter Creek has a 465-square-mile (1200 km2) watershed and is a tributary of the Umatilla River.
 Five Days from Home is a 1979 American drama film directed by George Peppard and starring Sherry Boucher Neville Brand and Victor Campos.
 Wielka Lipa [ˈvjɛlka ˈlipa] (German: Groß Leipe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Lena is a village in Oconto County Wisconsin United States. The population was 564 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area. The village is located within the Town of Lena.
 House at 362 Sea Cliff Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County New York. It was built about 1875 and expanded in 1890. It consists of a three-bay 2-story main section with a mansard roof and 1 1⁄2-story gable-roofed wing in the Second Empire style. It features a shed-roofed porch with scrollsawn corner brackets.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Antaeotricha pseudochyta is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to Bartica and Grenada.The wingspan is 13-19 mm.
 Waun Garnedd-y-filiast is a top of Carnedd y Filiast on the border of the Snowdonia National park near Cerrigydrudion in North Wales. It is part of the Arenig mountain range. It is also a peak in an area of moorland known as the Migneint. The summit is marked by a few stones in an area of peat hags on a small plateau of bog. Foel Goch (Arenigs) Carnedd Llechwedd-llyfn and Mwdwl-eithin can be seen.The top was not included in the Nuttall's original list.
 Backgammon is a psychological drama/indie thriller directed by Francisco Orvañanos.
 The Chiriac River is a tributary of the Nemțișor River in Romania.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District Chenarud District Chadegan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 21 families.
 Rotator is the second and final studio album released by the Danish rock band Dizzy Mizz Lizzy.
 Napar (Persian: نپر‎; also known as Nafar) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 All the Green Year is a 1980 Australian series based on a 1965 novel about three boys growing up on the eve of the Great Depression.The novel had sold more than 100000 copies.
 The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith is a 1978 Australian drama film directed by Fred Schepisi and starring Tom E. Lewis (billed at the time as Tommy Lewis) Freddy Reynolds and Ray Barrett. It is an adaptation of the novel The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith by Thomas Keneally.The story is about an exploited Aborigine who commits murder and goes into hiding.
 Rojewice [rɔjɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rojewo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Rojewo 20 km (12 mi) north of Inowrocław 23 km (14 mi) west of Toruń and 27 km (17 mi) south-east of Bydgoszcz.
 The John Henry Carothers House also known as Ezeal Carothers House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.When listed the property included four contributing buildings two contributing structures and two non-contributing buildings.The listing is for an area of 26 acres (11 ha).The property was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 The Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' Smarter Brother is a 1975 American musical comedy film with Gene Wilder Marty Feldman Madeline Kahn Dom DeLuise Roy Kinnear and Leo McKern. The film was Wilder's directorial debut from his own original script.Douglas Wilmer and Thorley Walters appear as Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson respectively.
 Acrolophus cervicolor is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Karenaxia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Karenaxia horaki Bily 1993 Karenaxia nigrocyanea Bily 1997 Karenaxia similis Bily 1999↑
 Lacronia is a genus of Pachylinae (Arachnida Opiliones Gonyleptidae) which includes four Brazilian species. A striking diagnostic character is the trochanter IV of male with strong medial prolateral apophysis forming a pincer with the dorso-apical apophysis of coxa IV. Two of these species present neon green stripes on the mesotergum (Kury 2003b) which is uncommon in this subfamily.
 Sandruper See is a lake in Münsterland North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of 43 m its surface area is 11 ha.It is immediately south of the small town of Sprakel itself a northern suburb of the city of Münster.Since 1966 the lake has been managed by the local angling club VFG Frühauf Münster who own half the lake.
 Rozhdestvenskiy is a large lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon within one crater diameter of the north pole. It lies sandwiched between the craters Hermite along the eastern rim and Plaskett which intrudes slightly into the west-southwestern rim. Just on the opposite side of the pole is the crater Peary.This formation is a large crater of the form called a walled plain. The outer rim is heavily eroded and rugged with a somewhat polygonal outline.
 Calguia defiguralis is a species of snout moth in the genus Calguia. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found in China (Guangdong) and Borneo. It has also been recorded from Australia and Taiwan.
 The Best of the Lemonheads: The Atlantic Years is a compilation album by alternative rock band The Lemonheads. The American release is considered criminally brief at 12 tracks by one critic with the international version adding 7 extra tracks.
 Michael Thomas Claude Barnard (27 September 1942 – 11 December 1999) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly from 1969 to 1984 representing Bass for the Australian Labor Party. He was Deputy Premier under two Labor Premiers Doug Lowe and Harry Holgate from 1980 to 1982 and a long-standing Minister for Tourism (1975–82) and Health (1977–80).Barnard had numerous family political connections.
 All the World's a Stooge is the 55th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Amanda Leigh is the sixth studio album by American artist Mandy Moore released by Storefront & RED Distribution in May and June 2009. Marketed and distributed by Sony Music Entertainment the album consists of eleven songs and five bonus tracks. Most are contemporary folk style songs with country and pop influences.On March 17 2009 I Could Break Your Heart Any Day of the Week the first single from the album was released for digital download on iTunes.
 Stalking Darkness is the second book in Lynn Flewelling's Nightrunner series. It is preceded by Luck in the Shadows and followed by Traitor's Moon Shadows Return and The White Road.A master of subterfuge a rogue thief with a noble air Seregil of Rhiminee has taught his young protégé Alec of Kerry his greatest secrets of the trade.
 Tan Sri Yaacob Latif was the second Lord Mayor (Datuk Bandar) of Kuala Lumpur Malaysia since it was officially conferred the status of the city on 1 February 1972. He served for a period of 10 years. On 1 February 1983 he was succeeded by Tan Sri Dato' Elyas Omar.His son Ibrahim Yaakob is the Parti Keadilan Rakyat (PKR) candidates for Setiawangsa's parliamentary constituency during the 2008 General Elections in Kuala Lumpur Federal Territory.
 The Steel Claw is a wartime drama set in the Philippines during World War II. It is an action-adventure film about a handicapped ex-Marine on a mission to rescue an officer in the early days of the Japanese invasion. The Steel Claw was directed starred and co-scripted by George Montgomery.It has no relation to the comic book series Steel Claw.
 Tänassilma is a village in Saku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.Tänassilma Tehnological Village (Tänassilma tehnopark) is located on the Pärnu road near the Tallinn city boundary.
 Journey is the second album by a Filipina singer - songwriter Yeng Constantino released on February 29 2008 via Star Records. The album contains twelve tracks: six were composed by Constantino two were a collaboration of Constantino and Morning Glory. Journey sold more than 15000 copies of Cd's and is certified Gold it was followed by her third album Lapit.
 Restaurant De Graaf was a restaurant located in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1990-1991.Owner and head chef was Harry de Graaf.The restaurant was closed down due to a subsiding kitchen. Renovation proved to be too costly so closure was the only reasonable choice.
 Red Planet is a 1949 science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein about students at boarding school on the planet Mars. It represents the first appearance of Heinlein's idealized Martian elder race (see also Stranger in a Strange Land). The version published in 1949 featured a number of changes forced on Heinlein by Scribner's since it was published as part of the Heinlein juveniles. After Heinlein's death the book was reissued by Del Rey Books as the author originally intended.
 Camille Côté (January 12 1905 – December 8 1967) was a Canadian politician.Born in Montreal Quebec Côté was a member of the Montreal City Council from 1940 to 1947. Côté was elected as the Union Nationale candidate to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Montréal–Sainte-Marie in 1944. He did not run in 1948.He died in Montreal in 1967.
 Joseph Poirier (December 21 1839 – February 27 1917) was a farmer and politician in Quebec. He represented Beauce in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1878 to 1881 as a Liberal and from 1892 to 1897 as a Conservative member.He was born in Saint-Joseph-de-Beauce Quebec the son of Vital Poirier and Marie-des-Anges Thibodeau. Poirier studied at the college in Nicolet. In 1863 he married Marie-Agnès Poulin. In 1879 he married Lucie Dupuis after his first wife's death.
 Wiener Zeitung is an Austrian newspaper. It is one of the most famous newspapers in Europe and one of the oldest still published newspapers in the world. It is the official publication used by the Government of the Republic of Austria for its formal announcements. It was founded in 1703 under the name Wiennerisches Diarium. The first issue appeared on 8 August 1703.
 Hercules in New York is a 1969 low-budget fantasy adventure film. It is notable for being the first feature film to star Arnold Schwarzenegger who was about 22 years old when the film was produced. However it is one of the films that Schwarzenegger admits regretting having appeared in.
 Borysowszczyzna [bɔrɨsɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] (Ukrainian: Борисівщина Borysivshchyna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Nurzec-Stacja 17 km (11 mi) east of Siemiatycze and 76 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Whole Story is a compilation album by the English singer Kate Bush marking a decade since Bush's beginnings in 1976.
 Novotel Hong Kong Nathan Road Kowloon (Chinese: 香港九龍諾富特酒店) is a 4-star hotel in Kowloon Hong Kong. Formerly known as the Majestic Hotel the hotel reopened in April 2008 following a HK$188 million (approx US$24 million) refurbishment programme upgraded to 4-star and rebranded as a Novotel. The hotel is managed by the hotel group Accor.
 Alice in Wonderland is a television film first broadcast in 1999 on NBC and then shown on British television on Channel 4.
 Love @ First Note is a 2006 Hong Kong teen romance film written produced and directed by Dennis Law and starring Alex Fong Justin Lo and Kary Ng. Its title in the original Chinese release was 戀愛初歌.
 Nowotna [nɔˈvɔtna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna within Nowy Dwór Gdański County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Nowy Dwór Gdański and 34 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1919 Prussia and Germany 1920-1939 Free City of Danzig (German: Freie Stadt Danzig; Polish: Wolne Miasto Gdańsk) 1939 - February 1945 Nazi Germany.
 Joseph J. Roberts Jr. (born July 14 1952) is an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1987 to 2010 where he represented the 5th Legislative District. He was Speaker of the Assembly from 2006 to 2010.
 St. Christopher's Cathedral in the Dutch city of Roermond is the main church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Roermond.
 The Blood Spattered Bride (Spanish: La Novia Ensangrentada translation: The Bloody Bride) is a 1972 Spanish horror film written and directed by Vicente Aranda based on the vampire story Carmilla by Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu. It stars Simón Andreu Maribel Martín and Alexandra Bastedo. The film attained cult film status for its mix of horror vampirism rejection of fascism and progressive ideas on gender and sexuality. A well-known U.S.
 The Reversal is the 22nd novel by American author Michael Connelly and features the third starring appearance of Los Angeles criminal defense attorney Michael Mickey Haller. Connelly introduced Haller in his bestselling 2005 novel The Lincoln Lawyer and then paired him with LAPD detective Harry Bosch his half-brother in 2008's The Brass Verdict. In 2009's 9 Dragons Haller appears in a supporting role as Bosch's personal lawyer.
 Cotinis impia is a species of the Cotinis scarab genus.
 Exodus: A Journey to the Mountain of God (Hebrew: אקסודוס מסע אל הר האלוהים) is a 1992 Israeli documentary film that follows an international group of archaeologists and travelers who go on a camel-back journey looking for the true location of the Biblical Mount Sinai. Arriving at Mount Karkom in the southern Negev Desert of Israel they examine the archaeological findings discovered there by Italian archaeologist Prof. Emmanuel Anati.
 The British Empire and Commonwealth Museum (grid reference ST597725) was a museum in Bristol United Kingdom exploring the history of the British Empire and the effect of British colonial rule on the rest of the world.
 Sylvan Beach is a village in Oneida County New York USA. The population was recorded at 893 in 2012.The Village of Sylvan Beach is in the South Eastern end of the Town of Vienna.Verona Beach State Park is south of the village on Route 13.
 Mount Agepsta (Abkhaz: Аҕьаҧсҭа Agh'aphstha Georgian: აგეფსთა) is a mountain of the Gagra Range in Abkhazia. The elevation of the summit is 3357 m (11014 ft) above sea level. The slopes of Agepsta up to an elevation of 1700–1800 metres are covered by fir and beech forests. Higher elevations are covered by alpine meadows and the highest locations of the mountain near the summit contain small glaciers.
 Now You Know is a solo album released by Doug Martsch of indie rock band Built to Spill. Unlike Martsch's rock-oriented work with Built to Spill the album touches on blues folk and rock. Now You Know was released in 2002 on Up Records label.
 A Resentful Woman (원녀 - Wonnyeo) is a 1973 South Korean horror film.
 The Hotel Grande Bretagne (Greek: Ξενοδοχείο Μεγάλη Βρεταννία) is a luxury city hotel in Greece one of the most luxurious in southern Europe. It is located in central Athens immediately adjacent to Syntagma Square on the corner of Vasileos Georgiou A' and Panepistimiou Streets and is now part of The Luxury Collection hotel chain managed by the American company Starwood Hotels & Resorts.
 Wierzbica [vjɛʐˈbit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczępy within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Tuczępy 23 km (14 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 230.
 The Literary Review of Canada (or LRC) is a Canadian magazine that publishes ten times a year. The magazine publishes essays and reviews of books on political cultural and social topics as well as Canadian poetry. In January 2008 the LRC started publishing reviews and essays online in its Online Originals feature.Readers of the magazine tend to be upper-middle class and highly educated.
 Live from the Road is the first live album released by American alternative metal band Chevelle released November 11 2003. It was recorded on Ozzfest 2003 where Chevelle served as a Main Stage act and accompanies the concert DVD Live from the Norva released October 13. Live from the Road primarily features songs from Chevelle's major label debut 2002's Platinum-selling Wonder What's Next.
 Nadja is a 1994 film by Michael Almereyda starring Elina Löwensohn as the creature Nadja and Peter Fonda as Van Helsing. As the character's names suggest Nadja is a vampire film but treating elements of the genre in an understated arthouse style.The deadpan acting episodic nature of the plot and the presence of Martin Donovan and Löwensohn are suggestive of a Hal Hartley film though he was not involved in the production. The Chicago Review called it Hal Hartley meets David Lynch.
 David I. Finnegan is an American attorney talk show host and politician. He is a partner at Finnegan Underwood Ryan & Tierney.
 Hill Fort Palace was the palace of Sir Nizamath Jung Bahadur and later on was purchased by the erstwhile H.E.H. Mir Osman Ali Khan Siddiqi for his son Moazzam Jah. The palace is located in the heart of the city near Naubat Pahad.
 Virginia's Husband is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Mabel Poulton Lilian Oldland and Patrick Aherne. It was based on the play Virginia's Husband by Florence Kilpatrick. A woman enlists a man to pose as her husband to trick her aunt.
 Buenos Aires verano 1912 (English language: Buenos Aires Summer 1912) is a 1966 Argentine black-and-white drama film comedy directed and written by Oscar Kantor with Pablo Palant. The film premiered on 1966 in Buenos Aires.
 Band-e Korman (Persian: بندكرمان‎ also Romanized as Band-e Kormān; also known as Band-e Garmān Band-e Germān and Band-e Gormān) is a village in Sirik Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 301 in 66 families.
 Punta de Agua Creek is a river in Texas.
 Norihisa Tamura (田村 憲久 Tamura Norihisa born 15 December 1964) is a Japanese politician serving in the Lower House of Representatives in the Diet (national legislature) as a member of the Liberal Democratic Party.
 Murder Must Advertise is a Lord Peter Wimsey mystery novel by Dorothy L. Sayers published in 1933. Most of the action takes place in an advertising agency a setting with which Sayers was very familiar. One of her advertising colleagues Bobby Bevan was the inspiration for the character Mr Ingleby.
 Urgh! A Music War is a British film released in 1982 featuring performances by punk rock New Wave and post-punk acts filmed in 1980. Among the artists featured in the movie are Magazine The Go-Go's The Fleshtones Joan Jett and the Blackhearts XTC Devo The Cramps Oingo Boingo Dead Kennedys Gary Numan Klaus Nomi Wall of Voodoo Pere Ubu Steel Pulse Surf Punks 999 UB40 Echo & the Bunnymen and The Police.
 West is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection The Folk of the Fringe. Card originally published a shorter version of this story in the short story collection Free Lancers: Alien Stars IV (1987).
 The Naked Civil Servant is the first volume of an autobiography by the gay icon Quentin Crisp. It was later turned into a TV movie starring John Hurt which was also titled The Naked Civil Servant.The book started life as a radio interview with Crisp in 1964 conducted by his friend and fellow eccentric Philip O'Connor which was heard by the then managing director of Jonathan Cape commissioned by him and which was published in 1968.
 As Good as It Gets is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by James L. Brooks and produced by Laura Ziskin. It stars Jack Nicholson as a misanthropic obsessive-compulsive novelist Helen Hunt as a single mother with an asthmatic son and Greg Kinnear as a gay artist. The screenplay was written by Mark Andrus and James L.
 Mount Phillips (9494 feet (2894 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Lupfer Glacier is located on the east slope of Mount Phillips.
 Flammona is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Vexillum martinorum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Solitude is a historic home located on the campus of Virginia Polytechnic Institute at Blacksburg Montgomery County Virginia. The earliest section was built about 1808 and expanded through the mid-19th century. It is a two-story L-shaped five bay log and frame dwelling with a hipped roof. Also on the property are the contributing stone spring house with log superstructure and log kitchen or office.
 The Bottom Billion: Why the Poorest Countries are Failing and What Can Be Done About It is a 2007 book by Paul Collier Professor of Economics at Oxford University exploring the reasons why impoverished countries fail to progress despite international aid and support. In the book Collier argues that there are many countries whose residents have experienced little if any income growth over the 1980s and 1990s.
 Sandy Point is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Gardsjøen is a lake in the municipality of Grue in Hedmark county Norway.
 The Halictidae are a very large and nearly cosmopolitan family of the order Hymenoptera consisting of small (> 4 mm) to midsize (> 8 mm) bees which are usually dark-colored and often metallic in appearance. Several species are all or partly green and a few are red; a number of them have yellow markings especially the males which commonly possess yellow faces a pattern widespread among the various families of bees.
 Pattathu Raani is a 1992 Tamil comedy film directed by Manivasagam. The film features Vijayakumar and Gouthami in lead roles with an ensemble supporting cast including Manorama Goundamani Janagaraj Senthil Delhi Ganesh and Manivasagam. The film produced by Rajeswari Manivasagam and P.S. Mani had musical score by Deva and was released on 14 August 1992.
 In Search of Sunrise 8: South Africa is a compilation album by Dutch trance producer Richard Durand. It was released on May 10 2010 by SongBird. It is the eight installment in the In Search of Sunrise compilation series and the first not to be mixed by Tiësto the founder of the series in 1999. On May 6 2010 Richard Durand released a 12 minute teaser preview of the compilation on SoundCloud.
 Sharon Halford (born 27 November 1953) is a Falkland Islands politician who served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly for the Camp constituency from 2009 until 2013. Halford was also a Member of the Legislative Council from 1993-2001.In 2011 Halford and her husband represented the islands at the wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton.
 Pinnacle Peak is a granite summit located in Scottsdale Arizona. The peak rises to an elevation of 3169 feet (966 m). It is located within the 150-acre (61 ha) Pinnacle Peak Park operated by the City of Scottsdale Park District. Part of the Sonoran Desert the park is home to a variety of flora and fauna including saguaro cacti and gila monsters. Hikers utilize a 1.75 mile trail to explore the area though rock climbing skills are needed to reach the summit.
 Benedetto Bettino Craxi (pronounced [betˈtiːno ˈkraksi]; 24 February 1934 – 19 January 2000) was an Italian politician head of the Italian Socialist Party from 1976 to 1993 and Prime Minister of Italy from 1983 to 1987. He was the first member of the PSI to hold the office as well as the third Prime Minister from a socialist party.
 Ambience Mall is a shopping mall located in Gurgaon India. It comprises an area of 867000-square-foot (80500 m2)
 Foshtanq (Persian: فشتنق‎ also Romanized as Foshtanaq; also known as Fashtān and Fashtaq) is a village in Bashtin Rural District Davarzan District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 38 families.
 Seito Shokun! (生徒諸君! lit. Attention Students!) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yōko Shōji. It is serialized in Kodansha's Shōjo Friend from 1977 to 1984. The individual chapters were published into 24 tankōbon by Kodansha between February 1978 and June 1985. Seito Shokun! received the won the second Kodansha Manga Award in 1978 for the shōjo category.The sequel to the manga Seito Shokun! Kyoshi-hen (生徒諸君!教師編) had its first tankōbon published on April 13 2004.
 Top of the Morning: Inside the Cutthroat World of Morning TV is a 2013 non-fiction book by American journalist Brian Stelter. The book was first published on April 23 2013 through Grand Central Publishing and centers on the world of morning television.
 The Parker House in Old Saybrook Connecticut was built in 1679 by Deacon William Parker and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Parker was not a founder of the First Church of Christ Congregational in Old Saybrook but became Deacon in 1670 and he represented the town at seven sessions of the general court. He died in 1725 at the age of 81.
 The Itapicuru-Açu River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Echinothrix calamaris known commonly as the banded sea urchin or double spined urchin among other vernacular names is a species of sea urchin in the family Diadematidae.
 Alnatham is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 The Master Plan is a 1955 British drama film directed by Cy Endfield and starring Norman Wooland Tilda Thamar and Wayne Morris. It is set at the headquarters of NATO. It is based on a teleplay Operation North Star by Harald Bratt
 Lionel Pretoria Conacher MP (/ˈkɒnəkər/; May 24 1900 – May 26 1954) nicknamed The Big Train was a Canadian athlete and politician. Voted the country's top athlete of the first half of the 20th century he won championships in numerous sports. His first passion was football; he was a member of the 1921 Grey Cup champion Toronto Argonauts. He was a member of the Toronto Maple Leafs baseball team that won the International League championship in 1926.
 Czerkiesy [t͡ʂɛrˈkʲɛsɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Augustów and 84 km (52 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 320.
 The Loyal 47 Ronin (忠臣蔵 Chushingura) is a 1958 color Jidaigeki (period drama) Japanese film directed by Kunio Watanabe.
 Homo erectus is a rock/pop album by the Austrian band Schürzenjäger.
 The Great Northern Depot in Bemidji Minnesota United States is a former Great Northern Railway depot now listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is notable as being the last depot commissioned by James J. Hill the Empire Builder.The building is a one-story structure built of brick and limestone with a hipped roof.
 Buzz was an A3 (broadsheet) British comic that ran from (issues dates) 20 January 1973 to 4 January 1975 when it merged with The Topper. Buzz ran for 103 Issues.
 Roll Freddy Roll! is a 1974 American TV film directed by Bill Persky.
 Anime Speed is a megamix compilation album of Dancemania's Speed series released by EMI Music Japan in 2005. The album features uptempo cover remixes of popular theme songs for various anime works such as Dragon Ball Z Slam Dunk and Neon Genesis Evangelion. The successor Anime Speed Newtype Edition was released in 2006.
 Tomorrow's Harvest is the fourth studio album by the Scottish electronic music duo Boards of Canada released on 5 June 2013 on Warp. Band members Mike Sandison and Marcus Eoin began composing and recording the album following the release of The Campfire Headphase (2005) and the expansion of their studio at Hexagon Sun near Pentland Hills. The duo continued recording intermittently until late 2012 when large parts of the album were recorded.
 Ranch A near Beulah Wyoming was built as a vacation retreat for newspaper publisher Moses Annenberg. The original log ranch structures in Sand Creek Canyon were designed in the rustic style by architect Ray Ewing. The principal building a large log lodge was built in 1932. Other buildings constructed at the time included a garage with an upstairs apartment a barn a hydroelectric power plant stone entrance arches and a pump house.
 The Nuevo River (Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Chen Zhimin (simplified Chinese: 陈智敏; traditional Chinese: 陳智敏; pinyin: Chén Zhìmǐn; born October 1955) is a politician of People's Republic of China.
 The Temple Daily Telegram is the daily newspaper of Temple Texas serving Central Texas since 1907. The Telegram is locally owned and operated by Frank Mayborn Enterprises under editor and publisher Anyse Sue Mayborn the widow of Frank Mayborn.On Sunday November 18 2007 the newspaper unveiled a Texas Historical Commission marker to commemorate the centennial of the publication. The Telegram is one of only five locally owned newspapers in Texas with more than 10000 circulation.
 The Céor (French: le Céor) is a 55.9 km (34.7 mi) long river in the Aveyron département southern France. Its source is at Salles-Curan 3.5 km (2.2 mi) southwest of the lac de Pareloup. It flows generally west-southwest. It is a left tributary of the Viaur into which it flows at Saint-Just-sur-Viaur.
 Mel Tormé and the Marty Paich Dek-Tette is a 1955 album by Mel Tormé with Marty Paich and his Dek-Tette.
 Propaganda was a 2 disc compilation album released by the metalcore band Aftershock. It is made up of their two albums; Letters and Through the Looking Glass their Five Steps From Forever EP and a few rare tracks.
 A Harry Warren Showcase is an album by pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1957 and released on the Riverside Records subsidiary Judson label. The album was rereleased on CD by Milestone Records as a compilation with its companion album A Harold Arlen Showcase as Kenny Drew Plays the Music of Harry Warren and Harold Arlen in 1995.
 Return to Killybegs (French: Retour à Killybegs) is a 2011 novel by the French writer Sorj Chalandon. The narrative is inspired by the 2006 murder of Denis Donaldson a senior Sinn Féin member who was revealed as a British secret agent. Chalandon had befriended Donaldson while working as a journalist in Belfast. His 2008 novel My Traitor was also inspired by the Donaldson case.Return to Killybegs was published by Éditions Grasset on 17 August 2011.
 Lake Vaughan is a lake of Yarmouth District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Miracle Maker (Russian: Чудотворец) is a 1922 Soviet comedy film directed by Aleksandr Panteleyev.
 The Archaeology of Ritual and Magic is an archaeological study of the material evidence for ritual and magical practices in Europe containing a particular emphasis on London and South East England. It was written by the English archaeologist Ralph Merrifield the former deputy director of the Museum of London and first published by B.T.
 Goffle Hill also referred to as Goffle Mountain and historically known as Totoway Mountain and Wagaraw Mountain is a range of the trap rock Watchung Mountains on the western edge of the Newark Basin in northern New Jersey. The hill straddles part of the border of Bergen County and Passaic County underlying a mostly suburban setting. While hosting patches of woodlands perched wetlands and traprock glades the hill is largely unprotected from development.
 Cameraria varii is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in South Africa. The habitat consists of the Urban area of Pretoria city.The length of the forewings is 2.3–2.5 mm. The forewing ground colour is ochreous. The hindwings are whitish with a silver shine and with a long whitish pale grey fringe slightly darker shaded than the hindwing. Adults are on wing from late October to early November.
 Jesus of Nazareth: Holy Week is the second volume (after Jesus of Nazareth released in 2007) in Joseph Ratzinger Pope Benedict XVI's three-volume meditation on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ.
 All the Best Cowboys Have Chinese Eyes is the third official solo album by English rock musician and songwriter Pete Townshend guitarist for The Who.It was produced by Chris Thomas (who also produced Empty Glass) and was recorded by Bill Price at Eel Pie A.I.R. and Wessex studios in London England.The album contains some compositions salvaged from later albums by The Who.
 Gareh (Persian: گاره‎ also Romanized as Gāreh) is a village in Keshvar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 12 families.
 Doraemon 3D Short Movie (ドラえもん３Ｄショートムービー) is a collection of Doraemon short movies that are viewable for free on the Doraemon website.
 Totagatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 The Fog is a 2005 horror film directed by Rupert Wainwright and starring Tom Welling Selma Blair and Maggie Grace. It is a remake of John Carpenter's 1980 film of the same name and was produced by Carpenter and Debra Hill who co-wrote the original film.
 Katik Lahijan (Persian: كتيك لاهيجان‎ also Romanized as Katīk Lāhījān and Katīk-e Lāhījān; also known as Katak) is a village in Luleman Rural District Kuchesfahan District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 807 in 234 families.
 Elegy was the final official album release by The Nice Keith Emerson having moved on to Emerson Lake & Palmer Lee Jackson to Jackson Heights and Brian Davison to Every Which Way. It consists of live versions of songs from earlier releases and a cover of My Back Pages. Released after The Nice had disbanded the album achieved number 5 in the UK album chart.Hang on to a Dream and America were recorded live at Fillmore East New York during the group's 1969 tour.
 The Spring Hill College Quadrangle is a grouping of historic structures on the campus of Spring Hill College in Mobile Alabama United States. The original main building was constructed in 1831 in the Greek Revival style but burned in 1869. It was replaced within the year by a new main building on the same site in a Neo-Renaissance style. St. Joseph's Chapel was built c.1910 in the Gothic Revival style on the northern side of the quadrangle with the main building on the southern side.
 The Ben and Harriet Schulein House also known as the Ben Schulein House is a two-story historic residence located at 2604 Jackson Street Sioux City Iowa in the United States. Designed in 1913 for a locally prominent Jewish businessman and his wife by William L.
 The Runaways is a 2010 American drama film about the 1970s all-girl rock band of the same name written and directed by Floria Sigismondi. It is based on the book Neon Angel: A Memoir of a Runaway by the band's original lead vocalist Cherie Currie. The film stars Dakota Fanning as Currie Kristen Stewart as rhythm guitarist and vocalist Joan Jett and Michael Shannon as record producer Kim Fowley.
 Man with Two Lives is a 1942 American film directed by Phil Rosen and written by Joseph Hoffman.
 The Muddywater River is an early tributary of the Smoky River. It forms in the Canadian Rockies within Willmore Wilderness Park in the province of Alberta north of Jasper National Park. The Muddywater forms at Morkill Pass on the Continental Divide between Alberta and British Columbia. It flows north and west collecting runoff from Mount Forgent Mount Sprague and Llama Mountain before flowing into the Smoky River above Grande Cache Alberta. The river's name is descriptive.
 Søråsen is a mountain of Hordaland in southern Norway.
 Bęczkowice [bɛnt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Łęki Szlacheckie 23 km (14 mi) south of Piotrków Trybunalski and 67 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Roti Kapda Aur Makaan (English: Food clothing and shelter) is a 1974 Indian Bollywood Hindi-language film. It was written produced directed by and stars Manoj Kumar alongside Shashi Kapoor Zeenat Aman Moushumi Chatterjee in the main lead roles and had Amitabh BachchanPrem Nath and Madan Puri in supporting roles.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Phelps in Ontario County New York. It was built in 1849 the chancel was extended in 1897 and the tower added in 1905. The meeting room and office addition was completed in 1954. It is architecturally significant as a Gothic Revival style church that reflects the English parish movement traceable to the Church of St. James the Less in Philadelphia.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Museum der bildenden Künste (German: Museum of Fine Arts) is a museum in Leipzig Saxony Germany. On 7000 square meters of display area 3500 paintings 1000 sculptures and 60000 graphical works are shown. It covers artworks from the Late Middle Ages to Modernity.
 Beast Wars is a comic book series by IDW Publishing based upon Hasbro's toy line and the original television series. The series is set in-continuity with the television series but also uses characters that were made into toys but not featured in the series. The first miniseries The Gathering was released between February and May 2006. The second miniseries The Ascending was a direct sequel and debuted in October 2007.
 The Hunte is a 189 km long river in north-western Germany (Lower Saxony) left tributary of the Weser. It rises in the Wiehengebirge hills. In the Northern German Plain it flows through lake Dümmer. It flows generally northwards through the towns Bad Essen Diepholz Wildeshausen and Oldenburg. It flows into the Weser in Elsfleth. The part between Oldenburg and the Weser is navigable for coastal cargo ships.
 Hawksbill Station is a science fiction novel written by Robert Silverberg. The novel is an expanded version of a short story first published in Galaxy Science Fiction in 1967; the novel was published in 1968. It was released in the United Kingdom under the title The Anvil of Time.
 Strzyżew [ˈstʂɨʐɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Dobrzyca 13 km (8 mi) west of Pleszew and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Orientalism (1978) by Edward W. Saïd is a foundational text for the academic field of Post-colonial Studies wherein the denotations and connotations of the term orientalism are expanded to describe what Saïd sees as the false cultural assumptions of the “Western world” facilitating the cultural misrepresentation of the “The Orient” in general and of the Middle East in particular.
 Michael E. Fleck commonly known as Mike Fleck is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 81st legislative district. He was first elected in 2006 to succeed the retiring Larry Sather taking office on January 2 2007.Fleck attended Southern Huntingdon County High School and earned a degree in history and a minor in youth ministry in 1995 from Liberty University. He has attended graduate courses at Shippensburg University.
 War of Independence Museum (Kurtuluş Savaşı Müzesi) housed in the first Turkish Grand National Assembly building in the Ulus district of Ankara Turkey displays important photographs documents and furniture from the Turkish War of Independence.
 Motama is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Up Guards and at 'Em!' is the third full length studio album by Leeds based Indie rock band The Pigeon Detectives. Following the 2009 album Emergency. It was released on April 4 2011.The band released two tracks off the album 'She Wants Me' and 'Done in Secret' in the build up to the album launch with the second release 'Done In Secret' to be the first single off the Album.
 Beheshtabad (Persian: بهشت آباد‎ also Romanized as Beheshtābād) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 21 families.
 Ban Zelan-e Bala (Persian: بان زلان بالا‎ also Romanized as Bān Zelān-e Bālā; also known as Bān Zelān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 192 in 42 families.
 O Malli is an upcoming Telugu drama film written and directed by Ramya Sri. She is also playing the lead along with Raghu Babu and LB Sriram. This makes the debut of Ramya Sri as a director. Known for playing glamorous through the entire career Ramya herself confirmed that O Malli will be a turning point in her career and the most challenging one she ever had. She even shaved her head for this high octane role.
 Live Phish Vol. 19 was recorded live at the Colonial Theater in Keene New Hampshire on July 12 1991.This concert was recorded during the middle of the band's 1991 summer tour with the Giant Country Horns - a three-piece horn section that would learn and perform individual sections of Phish songs during concerts.
 Biston robustum is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae. This is a large moth and is known in its native range as the giant geometer moth. It is related and generally similar to the famous and widespread Peppered Moth.The species is found in China (Shandong Shaanxi Shanghai Jiangsu Jiangxi) Taiwan Japan Russia North Korea South Korea and Vietnam.This species has recently gained attention due to the discovery of its use of chemical mimicry to avoid predation by ants.
 Pusiola curta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Angola.
 Abgarm (Persian: ابگرم‎ also Romanized as Ābgarm; also known as Āb Garm-e Bozorg) is a village in Ramjerd-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 18 families.
 Adachi-ga Hara (安達が原) is a 1991 anime short film and the fifth anime episode in the Lion Books series. This episode is the only one in the series released to theater first (unlike the rest of the series which was released directly to video) making it not an OVA.
 T. M. Thomas Isaac (born 1952) is a central committee member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) and represents Alappuzha constituency in the Kerala State Legislative Assembly. During his tenure as a member of the Kerala State Planning Board he was in charge of the People's Plan campaign(PPC) in Kerala.People's Plan Campaign is considered as a landmark in the history of decentralisation experience not only in Kerala but all over India.
 Where I Started is the third studio album by Canadian blues-rock band Wide Mouth Mason. The album produced four successful singles Why Companion (Lay Me Down) Sugarcane and Half A Chance. The album was certified Gold in Canada in December 2002. A live version of the song King Of Poison was featured on MuchMusic's live compilation album Much at Edgefest '99.
 Derbentobruğu is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy Amasya Province Turkey.
 Happyton Bonyongwe is the director general of the Zimbabwean government intelligence agency the Central Intelligence Organisation (CIO). He is a retired Brigadier in the Zimbabwe National Army. He reports directly to president Robert Mugabe bypassing the Minister for Security Didymus Mutasa.
 The Rufous-breasted Hermit or Hairy Hermit (Glaucis hirsutus) is a hummingbird that breeds from Panama south to Bolivia and on Trinidad Tobago and Grenada. It is a widespread and generally common species though local populations may change in numbers and disappear altogether in marginal habitat
 Tolombeh-ye Shahriyar Mirzai (Persian: تلمبه شهريارميرزائي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shahrīyār Mīrzā’ī) is a village in Somghan Rural District Chenar Shahijan District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Callionymus simplicicornis the Simple-spined dragonet is a species of dragonet native to the tropical Pacific Ocean where it is known at depths of around 40 metres (130 ft). This species grows to a length of 5 centimetres (2.0 in) TL.
 The Faithful Spy is a novel by New York Times reporter Alex Berenson. The novel won an Edgar award for Best First novel.[citation needed] It was published in 2006 by Random House and deals with the September 11th terrorist attacks.
 Priyatama (Matathi: प्रियतमा.... खडकाळ माळराणावर फुललेलं एक हळवं प्रीतस्वप्न.) is a 2014 Marathi film. The film is the story of Parsha and Gauri in a small village of Maharashtra in 1951 who belong to different social status and lives exactly opposite lifestyles but fall in love.Priyatama was released in theaters on 14 February 2014.
 Foundation's Edge (1982) is a science fiction novel by Isaac Asimov the fourth book in the Foundation Series. It was written more than thirty years after the stories of the original Foundation trilogy due to years of pressure by fans and editors on Asimov to write another and according to Asimov himself the amount of the payment offered by the publisher. It was his first novel to ever land on The New York Times best-seller list after 262 books and 44 years of writing.
 Hyporhamphus collettei is a halfbeak from the Hemiramphidae family.It was named after American ichthyologist Bruce Baden Collette.[citation needed]Found along the Western Atlantic it is endemic to the nearshore marine waters of Bermuda.
 The Gospel Advocate is a religious magazine published monthly in Nashville Tennessee for members of the Churches of Christ. The Advocate has enjoyed uninterrupted publication since 1866.The Gospel Advocate was founded by Nashville-area Restoration Movement preacher Tolbert Fanning in 1855.
 Rez Biz is the title of an American monthly magazine initially distributed in Arizona and New Mexico. The magazine is targeted to Native Americans who are interested in running their own businesses and seeking success stories. Its goal is to improve the economic living conditions of Native Americans. Rez Biz was founded in 2005 by George Joe and Michael Clani both members of the Navajo Nation.
 Fun Bar Karaoke (Thai: ฝันบ้าคาราโอเกะ or Fan ba karaoke literally dream crazy karaoke) is a 1997 crime-comedy directed by Pen-Ek Ratanaruang. The film had its world premiere at the 1997 Berlin Film Festival for which Pen-Ek was credited as Tom Pannet. It screened in the festival's Forum section.
 Love Will Lead the Way is the seventh album (including Christmas with The Jets) by The Jets. The album is the sixth studio album from the group. By this point not all of the original band members remained in the group. It includes all brand new songs written by The Jets.
 Era Sezhiyan (born April 28 1923) or Rajagopal Seziyan is an Indian writer and politician from the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.
 Go West (1925) is a silent movie starring Buster Keaton.Keaton portrays Friendless who travels west to try to make his fortune.
 Mount Davis (3213 ft or 979 m) is the highest point in Pennsylvania.
 Suravaram Sudhakar Reddy is the General Secretary of the Communist Party of India (CPI). He was a member of the 12th and 14th Lok Sabha of India.
 Rezan Zuğurlu is the current mayor of the Turkish district of Lice in Diyarbakır Province. She is a member of the Peace and Democracy Party (BDP). She is a former political prisoner who at the age of 25 became the youngest mayor in Turkey winning over 90% of the votes.
 Proeulia insperata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile.
 The Blue Iguana is a 1988 crime film about a bounty hunter who is blackmailed into stopping the transfer of twenty million dollars from a Mexican tax paradise into the United States. The film was directed by John Lafia and stars Dylan McDermott Jessica Harper Pamela Gidley and James Russo. It was screened out of competition at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
 Enjīl is a village in Herat Province in northwestern Afghanistan.
 'n Saak van Geloof is a South African Afrikaans-language drama film directed by Diony Kempen and released on 9 September 2011.
 Ài jiǔ jiàn rénxīn Love Reveals in the Long Run (simplified Chinese: 爱久见人心; traditional Chinese: 愛久見人心) is the 12th studio album by Fish Leong. It was released on 10 August 2012 by Universal Music Taiwan.
 Chionaemopsis is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Zardeh-ye Darti (Persian: زرده دارتي‎ also Romanized as Zardeh-ye Dārtī) is a village in Keshvar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Henry Brooke Parnell 1st Baron Congleton PC (3 July 1776 – 8 June 1842) known as Sir Henry Parnell Bt from 1812 to 1841 was an Irish writer and Whig politician. He was a member of the Whig administrations headed by Lord Grey and Lord Melbourne of the 1830s and also published works on financial and penal questions as well as on civil engineering. He was the great-uncle of Irish nationalist leader Charles Stewart Parnell.
 Aunt Bam's Place is a 2011 American musical play created written produced and directed by Tyler Perry. It stars Cassi Davis as Aunt Bam.
 This Is Danko Jones is a greatest hits compilation by Canadian rock band Danko Jones. It was released on April 7 2009 in Canada only.
 Akhanpally is a village and panchayat in Rangareddy district AP India. It falls under Maheswaram mandal.
 One Part Lullaby is the third album by The Folk Implosion. It was released in 1999 on Interscope Records. The album is the last Folk Implosion album to feature founding member John Davis. The song Kingdom of Lies was featured in the Danny Boyle film A Life Less Ordinary (1997). Free to Go was featured on the soundtrack to the Academy Award-winning film American Beauty. The song One Part Lullaby was featured in the film Adaptation. (2002).
 Collaborator is a comedy-drama film written and directed by Martin Donovan. This film held its world premiere on July 4 2011 at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival.
 Buka [ˈbuka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Debrzno within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Debrzno 16 km (10 mi) south of Człuchów and 127 km (79 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 74.
 Elsternbuschbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lac Achard is a lake in Isère France.
 Plaster Rock (2011 population: 1135) is a Canadian village in Victoria County New Brunswick. The mayor is Alexis Fenner.
 Sgrech is a 'best of' compilation album by the Welsh rock band Crys. It was released in 2006 on the Sain record label on CD and electronic download. It includes tracks from the band's debut single and first three studio albums. A new track 'Sgrech' was also recorded and included.
 Teckla is the third novel in Steven Brust's Vlad Taltos series. Originally printed in 1987 by Ace Books it was reprinted in 1999 in the omnibus The Book of Jhereg along with Jhereg and Yendi. Following the trend of the Vlad Taltos books it is named after one of the Great Houses in Brust's fantasy world of Dragaera and features that House as an important element to its plot.
 Superfast Rock n' Roll Played Slow is the third album by American singer/songwriter Tess Wiley released on April 27 2007.
 Sergeant Kirk El Sargento Kirk or Sgt. Kirk is the title and main character of a western comics series by Italian comic book creator Hugo Pratt and Argentine author Héctor Germán Oesterheld.
 The East Village Other (often abbreviated as EVO) was an American underground newspaper in New York City New York issued biweekly during the 1960s. It was described by The New York Times as a New York newspaper so countercultural that it made The Village Voice look like a church circular.Published by Walter Bowart EVO was among the first countercultural newspapers to emerge following the Los Angeles Free Press which had begun publishing a few months earlier.
 Cypa claggi is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Philippines.The length of the forewings is about 25 mm. The pattern is similar to Cypa ferruginea and the colour to Cypa decolor decolor. The forewing upperside is much lighter than the underside but the hindwing upperside is much darker than the underside.
 The Church of St Maryin Bishops Lydeard Somerset England dates from the 14th and 15th centuries and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.In 1860–62 the church was extended by one bay and a vestry by Edward Jeboult of Taunton added.The tower which was built around 1497 has pierced tracery battlements pinnacles set back buttresses terminating in pinnacles at the bell-storey and pinnacles on the buttresses at each stage.Between 2010 and 2011 an eleven month restoration programme focussing on the tower and costing £240000 was undertaken by Sally Strachey Historic Conservation under the supervision of Smith Gamblin Architects.Several of the tombs in the churchyard are of historical importance as are two crosses one dating from the 14th century the other being the town's market cross which was moved to the churchyard in the 19th century.
 Prawda [ˈpravda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 km (7 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād and Ḩājīābād) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Betty Boop and Felix was a newspaper comic strip starring Betty Boop and Felix the Cat which ran from November 19 1984 to 1988. It was written by Mort Walker’s sons Brian Morgan Greg and Neal who signed their work as “The Walker Brothers.”Debuting at the height of Garfield’s popularity this King Features Syndicate strip showed Betty Boop as a working woman and Felix as her pet (replacing Pudgy as Betty's pet).
 Venusia limata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Nepal.
 Fur is the second album by Jane Wiedlin released in 1988. The songs Rush Hour and Inside a Dream were released as singles and both charted on the Billboard Hot 100. The album has a slick contemporary production with mainly programmed music complemented by electric guitar and some horns.The album was written over a period of two years following the lukewarm response to previous album Jane Wiedlin and her subsequent foray into acting.
 Untitled is the debut and only album from the alternative metal band Five Pointe O. The album was released on March 19 2002 via Roadrunner Records. The album's only single Double X Minus received moderate airplay on MTV2's Headbangers Ball and Kerrang! TV.The Infinity was featured on the Resident Evil soundtrack.
 The Street is a short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft written in late 1919 and first published in the December 1920 issue of the Wolverine amateur journal.
 Millville is a village in Butler County Ohio United States. The population was 708 at the 2010 census. It was established in 1815 by Joseph Van Horn who opened a grist mill there about 1805. Baseball's first commissioner Kenesaw Mountain Landis was born in Millville.
 Ochodza [ɔˈxɔd͡za] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skawina within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Skawina and 18 km (11 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 Centennial Hills Hospital for-profit hospital is owned and operated by Universal Health Services. This 171 bed 354000 sq ft (32900 m2) hospital is located in Las Vegas Nevada. The hospital campus is planned to include two medical office buildings.
 Vinctifer is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Aptian stage of the Early Cretaceous epoch.
 Living a Dream is the third album by Welsh mezzo-soprano Katherine Jenkins released on 31 October 2005 in the UK. It charted at number 4 on the UK Albums Chart and at number 1 on the UK Classical Album Chart.
 The Journey (Livin' Hits) is the second greatest hits album by American country music artist Craig Morgan. It was released on September 3 2013 via Black River Entertainment. The album includes four new tracks including the single Wake Up Lovin' You.
 Bandido is a 1956 Western movie starring Robert Mitchum. The supporting cast includes Ursula Thiess Gilbert Roland and Zachary Scott. The film set in the Mexican Revolution and filmed on location around Acapulco was written by Earl Felton and directed by Richard Fleischer. Robert Mitchum also co-produced the film through his DRM Productions company.
 Charan Jeath Singh is a Fiji Indian who has been involved in local Government and national politics in Fiji representing various political organisations.In the 1994 general election he won the Macuata West Indian Communal Constituency for the National Federation Party (NFP).He was elected the Mayor of Labasa representing the Ratepayers' Association in 1992 but in the municipal elections of 2005 his Association lost in a landslide result to the Fiji Labour Party (FLP) winning only two seats.
 Raciszewo [rat͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ] (German Reichenthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Miłakowo 34 km (21 mi) north of Ostróda and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Stary Drożęcin [ˈstarɨ drɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Dr. János Vilmos Fónagy (born July 11 1942) is a Hungarian jurist economist and politician who served as Minister of Transport and Water Management between 2000 and 2002. Since June 2 2010 he is the current Parliamentary State Secretary for National Development.
 Playing the Field is the first greatest hits album released by the British band The Outfield featuring much of the band's popular material released over the previous decade.
 Intro – The Gift Recordings is a compilation album by Pulp. It contains the band's three singles recorded for Gift and was released in October 1993. The version of Babies included here is the original single mix released in 1992 slightly different from the 1994 version available on the album His 'n' Hers.
 Nadrybie-Wieś [naˈdrɨbjɛ ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puchaczów within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Balgandharva (Marathi: बालगंधर्व) is a biographical Marathi film on one of the Marathi singers and stage actors Narayan Shripad Rajhans famously known as Balgandharva (Bal=child + Gandharva=Singer of Heaven). The name was bestowed to Narayan by Lokmanya Tilak after listening to his public performance in Pune while he was very young.The film is directed by Ravindra Jadhav whose debutant film Natarang won critical acclaims as well as good box office report.
 The Upper Tamarack River is a 31.0-mile-long (49.9 km) tributary of the St. Croix River in Wisconsin and Minnesota United States.
 The Tongue River (Assiniboine: Tacéži wakpá ) is a tributary of the Yellowstone River approximately 265 mi (426 km) long in the U.S. states of Wyoming and Montana. The Tongue rises in Wyoming in the Big Horn Mountains flows through northern Wyoming and southeastern Montana and empties into the Yellowstone River at Miles City Montana.
 Star Bright is the fourth studio album and first Christmas album by Vanessa Williams released in the US on November 5 1996 on Mercury Records. It achieved critical acclaim and success as one of the best-selling holiday albums of 1996 and '97.
 Pierre-Clovis Beauchesne (8 June 1841 – 10 October 1918) was a Canadian politician.Born in Bécancour Canada East the son of Pierre Bourbeau dit Beauchesne and Marie-Archange Pérenne de Moras (Archange Maurâce) Beauchesne was educated at Nicolet College and became a notary in 1865. He was a notary in Gaspésie and was a fish inspector. As well he was a customs collector from 1871 to 1874.
 The Château de Saint-Laurent-les-Tours is a ruined castle in the commune of Saint-Laurent-les-Tours in the Lot département of France.The castle ruins consist of parts of the enceinte and two square towers one dating from the 13th century and the other from the 15th. The corps de logis rebuilt in the 19th century in a neo-medieval style was acquired by the painter and tapestry maker Jean Lurçat who set up his workshop there decorating the walls ceilings doors and windows.
 William Cowper 1st Earl Cowper PC KC FRS (c. 1665 – 10 October 1723) was an English politician who became the first Lord Chancellor of Great Britain. Cowper was the son of Sir William Cowper 2nd Baronet of Ratling Court Kent a Whig member of parliament of some mark in the two last Stuart reigns. Educated at St Albans School he was called to the bar in 1688.
 The Barnegat Light Public School was the one-room schoolhouse for the borough of Barnegat Light Ocean County New Jersey United States from 1903 until June 15 1951. It became the Barnegat Light Historical Society Museum in 1954.Among other things the museum houses the first degree Fresnel lens from Barnegat Lighthouse.The schoolhouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Ottón Solís Fallas (born 31 May 1954 near Perez Zeledón) is a Costa Rica politician. He graduated with a Bachelor of Economics from the University of Costa Rica in 1976 and gained a Master's Degree in Economics from the University of Manchester in 1978. He is currently serving his second term as deputy was a founding member of the Citizens' Action Party (PAC for its Spanish initials) and ran as its three-time presidential candidate.
 The Sormonne (French: la Sormonne) is a 56.5 km (35.1 mi) long river in the Ardennes département northeastern France. Its source is at Taillette near Rocroi. It flows generally southeast. It is a left tributary of the Meuse into which it flows at Warcq near Charleville-Mézières.
 Królewska Wola [kruˈlɛfska ˈvɔla] (German: Königswille) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzybórz within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 The Right Time is the first album by Swedish pop singer Bosson. It was released in 1998 under MNW and BAM.
 Historia de Belgrano y de la Independencia Argentina (in Spanish History of Belgrano and of the Independence of Argentina) is an Argentine history book written by Bartolomé Mitre. It is mainly a biography of Manuel Belgrano but the author expanded the scope into the whole Argentine War of Independence where Belgrano was involved. It was the first book about the history of Argentina and as such it was the starting point of the historiography of Argentina.
 Dariusz Kajetan Rosati ['darjuʂ rɔsati] (born August 8 1946 in Radom as Gaetano Dario Rosati) is a Polish professor of economics and a politician who is a member of the European Parliament (elected on June 13 2004).
 The Wetterwandeck is a summit 2698 m high in the Wetterstein mountains on the Austro-German border. It is located south of Germany's highest peak the Zugspitze above the Southern Schneeferner in the ridge which borders the Zugspitzplatt to the south.The first verifiable ascent of the Wetterwandeck was in 1874 by Hermann von Barth.A drag lift in the ski region on the Zugspitzplatt below the Wetterwandeck was named after the mountain.
 Seungdusan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1013 m (3323 ft).
 Rabbegamuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Lepenac is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 932 people.
 Grocholice [ɡrɔxɔˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Lipnik 8 km (5 mi) south of Opatów and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 112.
 Redondo Peak is a conspicuous summit in the Jemez Mountains of New Mexico in the southwestern United States. It is located entirely within the Valles Caldera National Preserve. It is the second highest summit in the Jemez after Chicoma Mountain. It is the most visually prominent peak in the range when viewed from the south for example from Albuquerque.
 Rivetina asiatica is a species of praying mantis in the genus Rivetina.
 Dr. James C. Hawthorne (March 12 1819 – February 15 1881 commonly known as J.C. Hawthorne) was an American physician and politician in the states of California and Oregon. A native of Pennsylvania he was the founder of the Oregon Hospital for the Insane in East Portland Oregon. Hawthorne served in the California Senate and was a member of the Whig Party and later the Democratic Party.
 Eleutherodactylus sisyphodemus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family found only at its type locality in Jamaica. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and caves. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Star Wars: From the Adventures of Luke Skywalker is the original title of the novelization of the film Star Wars.
 Piskorczyn [piˈskɔrt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzuze within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Rypin and 43 km (27 mi) east of Toruń. The village has population of 128.
 Leucozonia tuberculata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Rice Sprout Song is a 1955 novel by Eileen Chang the first novel she wrote in English. Detailing the hardships a peasant family faces in China Chang elegantly describes how the bonds of family and kinship weather the forces of a food shortage.
 John Winston Jones (November 22 1791 – January 29 1848) was an American politician and lawyer.
 Łąki [ˈwɔnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Acromycter nezumi is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Hirotoshi Asano in 1958 originally under the genus Promyllantor. It is a marine temperate water-dwelling eel which is known from Japan in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. Males can reach a maximum total length of 40 centimetres.
 The Tiled Kiosk (Turkish: Çinili Köşk) is a pavilion set within the outer walls of Topkapı Palace and dates from 1472 as shown on the tile inscript above the main entrance. It was built by the Ottoman sultan Mehmed II as a pleasure palace or kiosk. It is located in the most outer parts of the palace next to Gülhane Park. It was also called Glazed Kiosk (Sırça Köşk).
 Sir Richard Hugh Turton Gozney KCMG CVO KStJ (born 21 July 1951) is a British career diplomat. He was Governor and Commander in Chief of Bermuda from 12 December 2007 to 18 May 2012.
 Mardi (Telugu: మారిడి) is a Village in Kalher MandalMedak district of Andhra Pradesh India. It is 150 km to the north of Hyderabad.
 The Oskaloosa City Square Commercial Historic District is a 9.8-acre (4.0 ha) historic district in Oskaloosa Iowa that includes Early Commercial Italianate and Romanesque Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The listing included 68 contributing buildings.The district includes the Mahaska County Courthouse and the Oskaloosa City Park and Band Stand and the Oskaloosa City Hall which are separately listed on the National Register.
 Loughermore (from Irish Luachair Mhór meaning big rushy area) is a mountain in County Londonderry Northern Ireland. It is the 847th highest mountain in Ireland and lies in a large uplands area known as the Loughermore Hills which is bounded to the west and south by the Rivers Faughan and Foreglen and to the east by the River Roe.
 Back to School is a 1986 comedy film starring Rodney Dangerfield Keith Gordon Sally Kellerman Burt Young Terry Farrell William Zabka Ned Beatty Sam Kinison and Robert Downey Jr. It was directed by Alan Metter.The plot centers on a wealthy but uneducated father (Dangerfield) who goes to college to show solidarity with his discouraged son (Gordon) and learns that he cannot buy an education or happiness.
 Pestapokalypse VI is the sixth studio album by Austrian blackened death metal band Belphegor. It was produced by Andy Classen at Stage One Studio and released in 2006.
 Jake Froese (September 21 1925 - January 16 2013) was a Canadian politician who served as a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons in the 31st Canadian Parliament.
 Hidden Agenda (1990) directed by Ken Loach is a political thriller about British state terrorism during the Northern Irish Troubles that depicts the fictional assassination of an American civil rights lawyer.
 After Dark (アフターダーク Afutā Dāku) is a novel by Japanese author Haruki Murakami. It was originally published in 2004.
 Cormet de Roselend (el. 1967 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Savoie in France.It connects Beaufort in the Beaufortain valley and Bourg-Saint-Maurice in the Tarentaise Valley. On the west side of the pass lies the Lac de Roselend a reservoir that can be reached by the Col de Méraillet or the Col du Pré.
 Spanbroek is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Opmeer and lies about 9 km (6 mi) northwest of Hoorn.Spanbroek received city rights in 1414. It was a separate municipality until 1959 when it was merged with Opmeer.
 Un giorno in pretura is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Steno. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Albert Davis Bosson (November 8 1853 – April 4 1926) was a Massachusetts jurist attorney and politician who served as the seventeenth Mayor of Chelsea Massachusetts.
 Vado a vivere da solo (also known as I'm Going to Live by Myself) is a 1982 Italian comedy film. It marked the feature film debut of Marco Risi. The film achieved a cult status and generated a 2008 sequel Torno a vivere da solo.
 Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters is an American flash animated semi-canonical comedy film based on the Adult Swim animated series Aqua Teen Hunger Force. The film was written and directed by the show's creators Matt Maiellaro and Dave Willis and was released on April 13 2007 by First Look Pictures. The film's poster was illustrated by Julie Bell and Boris Vallejo and parodies the King of the Mountain design.
 Mont Aigoual (Occitan: Mont Augal elevation 1567m / 5141 ft) is the highest point of the Gard département France. It is part of the Massif Central and it is located within the Cévennes National Park. Its southern slopes are the source of the river Hérault flowing into the Mediterranean.When the sky is clear it is possible to see the Mediterranean Sea the Pyrenees and also the Alps and Mont Blanc in particular.
 Morsko [ˈmɔrskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krosno Odrzańskie within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Krosno Odrzańskie and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 30.
 Wydminy [vɨdˈminɨ] (German Widminnen) is a village in Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wydminy. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Giżycko and 104 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 2300.
 Wapowski is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar near side near the southern pole. The crater is located Southwest of craters von Baeyer and Svedberg just inside the rim of the prominent Scott crater. Wapowski was adopted and named after Polish cartographer Bernard Wapowski by the IAU in 2009.
 Mordellistena ornata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1845.
 Washington Old Hall is a manor house located in the Washington area of Tyne and Wear. It lies in the centre of Washington being surrounded by other villages.The manor was the ancestral home of the family of George Washington the first President of the United States.
 Gorzuchowo [ɡɔʐuˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłecko within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Punjalkatte is a village in Beltangady taluk of Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka in India. This village is located on the Mangalore-Belthangady road. The name Punjalatte is derived from the term Pancha aladakatte. This was a humming village and trading centre during the mediveval and British period. The town has two temples Panchakatte Sri Basavehvara temple and Goplakrishna temple the first was built in 15th century. There are two mosques.
 Berak (Persian: براك‎ also Romanized as Berāk; also known as Barrāq and Bīraq) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2355 in 559 families.
 Aliyu Akwe Doma (born 1 September 1942 ) is a Nigerian civil servant who became governor of Nasarawa State in May 2007 standing for the People's Democratic Party (PDP).
 Berg Church (Norwegian: Berg arbeidskirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the Berg area in the city of Trondheim. The church is part of the Strinda parish in the Strinda deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The brick church was built in 1972 and was consecrated on 19 March 1972 by the Bishop Tord Godal.
 Sarmolk (Persian: سرملك‎; also known as Sar-e Malek and Sar-i-Malīk) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 340 in 86 families.
 Charles Downs II House is a historic home located near Marlowe Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1835 and is a two story L-shaped brick dwelling measuring 53 feet wide and 50 feet deep. It is five bays wide and three bays deep. Also on the property are a cement block garage and wood frame shed dating to the 1920s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Penultimate Peril is the twelfth novel in the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket.
 Antistia is a genus in the family Tarachodidae.
 Liptena catalina the Red-patch Liptena is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon and Gabon. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae are possibly associated with ground-dwelling ants.
 Old Stone Shop is a historic commercial building located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1838–1839 and is a 1 1⁄2-story four-by-two-bay gable-ended building with foundation and walls of coursed quarry-dressed limestone trimmed in dressed limestone. It was built as a double blacksmith shop and exhibits the finest commercial masonry architecture in the town of Lyme.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Timidity of the Loverat (also known as simply The Timidity) is a 1983 British drama film based on the novel The Story of Johnny and Ron. It was written by Si Chadwick produced by Harrison Keyes and Richard Silberman and directed by Harrison Keyes. The film starred Phil Daniels and John Altman as the two main characters Johnny Hitchcock and Ron Martini.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Ashland (FCI Ashland) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Kentucky. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. It also includes a satellite prison camp for minimum-security male offenders.FCI Ashland is located approximately 125 miles east of Lexington Kentucky.
 Disgorge Mexico is the eighth album by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts. It is their second album on Relapse Records from a three album contract with the label. The instruments were recorded from the 6th to the 17th of August 2007 at Liverpool Court Studios in Ottawa Ontario Canada. The vocals were recorded in November 2007 at Fuck the Facts own home studio (The Tower of Self Medication Studio).
 Guster on Ice - Live from Portland Maine is a live album that was released by the band Guster in May 2004. It was recorded in December 2003 over two nights of concerts at the State Theatre in Portland Maine.
 All Systems Go is the thirteenth studio album by Donna Summer released in 1987; it would be her final release on Geffen Records which had been Summer’s label since 1980. The album was not a commercial success.
 Redoubt Volcano or Mount Redoubt is an active stratovolcano in the largely volcanic Aleutian Range of the U.S. state of Alaska. Located at the head of the Chigmit Mountains subrange in Lake Clark National Park and Preserve the mountain is just west of Cook Inlet in the Kenai Peninsula Borough about 180 km (110 mi) southwest of Anchorage. At 10197 feet in just over 5 miles (8 km) Mount Redoubt attains 9150 feet (2700 m) of prominence over its surrounding terrain.
 Ammophila sabulosa the red-banded sand wasp is a species of the subfamily Ammophilinae of the hunting wasp family Sphecidae. Found in northern Europe the wasp is notable for the behaviour of the females hunting caterpillars mainly on sunny days paralyzing them with a sting and burying them in a burrow with a single egg.
 Lake Kaltern (Italian: Lago di Caldaro; German: Kalterer See) is a lake in the municipality of Kaltern in South Tyrol Italy.
 Gloucester River (/ˈɡlɒstər/ GLOS-tər) a perennial river and major tributary of the Manning River catchment is located in the Upper Hunter district of New South Wales Australia.
 Roineabhal is a hill on the Isle of Harris in the Western Isles of Scotland. The granite on the summit plateau of the mountain is anorthosite and is similar in composition to rocks found in the mountains of the Moon.The area is part of the South Lewis Harris and North Uist National Scenic Area.It is the site of the original Lingerbay 'superquarry' planning application submitted in 1991 and finally withdrawn in 2004.
 Cerro El Sol also known as Wei- or Uei-tepui is a small tepui in Bolívar state Venezuela. It is situated off the northern flank of Auyán-tepui just northwest of the similarly small Cerro La Luna and forms part of the Auyán Massif. Both it and Cerro La Luna emerge near the end of a long forested ridge leading from Auyán-tepui. Cerro El Sol has an elevation of around 1750 metres (5740 ft) and a summit area of 0.6 km2 (0.23 sq mi).
 Simiskina pediada is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found from southern Burma to Indo China Peninsular Malaysia and Singapore.
 Illalu (English title: Housewife; Telugu: ఇల్లాలు) is a 1940 Telugu Drama film directed by Gudavalli Ramabrahmam.
 The Spell of Seven is a 1965 anthology of fantasy short stories in the sword and sorcery subgenre edited by L. Sprague de Camp and illustrated by Virgil Finlay. It was first published in paperback by Pyramid Books. It was the second such anthology assembled by de Camp following his pioneering Swords and Sorcery (1963).The book collects seven sword and sorcery tales by various authors with an overall introduction by de Camp.
 Japan's Imperial Conspiracy is a nonfiction historical work by David Bergamini.
 Under the Rainbow (French: Au bout du conte) is a 2013 French comedy film directed by Agnès Jaoui. It was co-written by Jaoui and Jean-Pierre Bacri (both of whom act in the film).
 Ekinova' is a village in the District of Kızılören Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Live to Win is the second solo album from Kiss vocalist guitarist and co-founder Paul Stanley released on October 24 2006. The album's title track was featured on the South Park episode Make Love Not Warcraft twenty days prior to the album's release. Stanley last released a solo album in 1978 Paul Stanley which was officially released as a Kiss album. Comparing the two albums Stanley said It's not 1978 anymore...
 Sakhteman-e Shuraki (Persian: ساختمان شوركي‎ also Romanized as Sākhtemān-e Shūrakī; also known as Shūrakī) is a village in Dadenjan Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Candalides ardosiacea is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Tite in 1963. It is found on the Aru Islands and from West Irian to Papua New Guinea.
 Icon (or Frederick Forsyth's Icon) is a Hallmark Channel original television film directed by Charles Martin Smith and based on the novel by Frederick Forsyth. The film premiered on the network May 30 2005. It is set in the period 1985 to 1999.
 The Out of Control Tour was filmed on 24 May 2009 at London O2 Arena. The release date is 5 October according to the Girls Aloud website and the 13th on Blu-ray. A special version of the DVD will be released only through the Girls Aloud website shop with an audio CD of the performances except the hits medley.
 Baghu Nallah is famous for its Gurudwara in the memory of great saints of Jammu and Kashmir Sant Mela Singh and Sant Rocha Singh .Every year large no of devotees come here to celebrate annual function in the memory of those great saints.
 The Journal of Structural Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal concerning the structural analysis of biological materials at all levels of organization and the functional consequences of such observations. The editors-in-chief are A.C.
 André Leduc (October 25 1919 – January 31 2001) was a politician was Quebec Canada. He was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec/National Assembly of Quebec (MNA).
 Spilarctia kareli is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Thomas in 1993. It is found in the Philippines (Mindanao).
 Star Wars Episode I Journal: Anakin Skywalker is a 1999 young adult novel by science fiction author Todd Strasser. The novel recounts the events of the film Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace (1999) from the point of view of one of its main characters Anakin Skywalker.The book is published by Scholastic and part of the Star Wars Journal Series. Other titles in the series are Star Wars Episode I Journal: Queen Amidala (1999) and Star Wars Episode I Journal: Darth Maul (2000) by Jude Watson.
 Abdoulatifou Aly (born April 12 1960) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the island of Mayotte.
 The Chiriqui Harvest Mouse (Reithrodontomys creper) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
 Annals of Operations Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.
 The stout whiting Sillago robusta (also known as the yellow-cheek whiting and school whiting) is a species of benthic marine fish in the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae. Like other sillaginids it is an elongate slightly compressed fish growing to a maximum known length of 30 cm.
 The Fred O. Miller House is house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Claretta and Ben (Italian: Permettete signora che ami vostra figlia?) is a 1974 Italian comedy film directed by Gian Luigi Polidoro.
 A Sure Thing is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell with orchestra recorded in late 1962 and released on the Riverside label.
 Saith the Lord is a collection of a mystery story by author Howard Wandrei with a letter and a short autobiography. It was released in 1996 by F & B Mystery in an edition of 350 copies of which 100 were specially bound in Lexitone signed by the editor numbered and released in a slipcase with Wandrei's The Last Pin. The remaining 250 copies were bound in card stock and given away to guests at the 1996 World Fantasy Convention. The story originally appeared in the magazine Black Mask in 1940.
 Mordella iridea is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1917.
 The Daniel Thompson and John Ryle Houses are located in Paterson Passaic County New Jersey United States. The houses were built in 1830 and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 30 1981.
 Redwood Memorial Hospital is a community hospital in Rhymney which has twenty-one General Practitioner beds two of which are used to provide a respite service. The hospital was renamed in 1947 in honour of Dr R V Action Redwood who was the surgeon there for 43 years.
 The Blue Yonder is a 1985 American science-fiction adventure film. It was directed by Mark Rosman written by Mark Rosman produced by Alan Shapiro and Annette Handley and starred Peter Coyote Huckleberry Fox Art Carney Dennis Lipscomb and Joe Flood. The film tells the story of Jonathan Knicks (Fox) a 11 year old who is accidentally sent back in time from 1985 to 1927 by a time machine built by his neighbor Henry Coogan (Carney).
 Brouwer is a large lunar crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. Intruding into the western rim of Brouwer is the younger and somewhat smaller crater Langmuir. Further to the east-southeast is the larger walled plain Blackett.This is an old crater formation with a rim that has been heavily worn due to subsequent impacts.
 Gabriella Bábi-Szottfried (née Gabriella Szottfried; born 1966) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Vác (Pest County II) since 2010. She is a member of the Committee on Youth Social Family and Housing Affairs since May 14 2010 and member of the Committee on Health Affairs since February 14 2011.
 Hoodoo Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. No trails lead to the lake but it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest road 666.Hoodoo Lake is upstream and southwest of the Slate Creek Hot Springs.
 Alphons Egli (born 8 October 1924) is a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council (1983-1986).He was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 8 December 1982 and handed over office on 31 December 1986. He is affiliated to the Christian Democratic People's Party of Switzerland. During his office time he held the Federal Department of Home Affairs and was President of the Confederation in 1986.Egli is a citizen of Entlebuch and Lucerne.
 The Quizer River is a river of Bolivia.
 Today Tomorrow and Forever is a 2002 Elvis Presley compilation album released by RCA Records. The album features songs from the early years of Presley on Sun Records to his movie career 68' Comeback Special Gospel Vegas and later years. As indicated on the packaging none of the tracks in this four-CD set had ever been released previously as all tracks featured were either alternate studio takes or previously unreleased live performances.
 St. James' Episcopal Church and Parish House is a historic Episcopal church at 2500 Jerome Avenue and 190th Street in the Fordham section of The Bronx New York City New York.It was founded July 5 1853 becoming the first Episcopal parish in Fordham. The parish at first met at the Manor Reformed Church on Kingsbridge Road then on June 11 1854 acquired an old schoolhouse for use. On October 1 1854 the Rev. Joshua Weaver became its first rector.
 Dark Nature is a 2009 British thriller film written by Eddie Harrison directed by Marc de Launay and starring Niall Greig Fulton Vanya Eadie and Imogen Toner. Shot on a small budget it was filmed in the Scottish Highlands from September to October 2008 before receiving a limited cinematic showing in 2009. The film went on to be released on DVD and Blu-ray in the United Kingdom and the United States in May 2010.
 30th Anniversary Concert is a DVD release by Canadian hard rock band Helix. It is a live concert recorded on July 17 2004 at the Brantford Ontario Sanderson Centre. It is a complete concert and it features appearances from band members past and present to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the band. The concert is interspersed with interviews studio recordings and photo montages.
 Grace Lutheran Church or Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church as it's now known is located at 174 Cazenovia St Buffalo New York in the city's South Buffalo neighborhood.
 The Defector is Daniel Silva's 2009 spy novel.It's the 9th book in the Gabriel Allon series. Released July 21 2009 the cover depicts the House of Parliament and Big Ben in London. The cover of the paperback printing by Signet (July 2010) depicts St. Basil's Cathedral in Moscow.
 Anthony John Tony Sheehan (born 24 December 1948) is a former Australian politician. He obtained an economics degree at La Trobe University and was a school teacher at Heidleberg High School. He was elected branch secretary of the Victorian Secondary Teachers Association. He was a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly from the seat of Ivanhoe (1982–85) and Northcote (1988–98). He was a member of the ALP. He held a number of ministerial positions in the government of Joan Kirner.
 Extra Credit is a 2009 children's novel written by Andrew Clements. It is about a girl named Abby Carson who struggles in school. Her teacher decides now is the time to act. It's time for Extra Credit. Abby is going to fail the sixth grade and be held back. She knew that she had problems in school but nothing this serious! The only way to save her grade is to get high scores for the rest of the year do all of her homework and do an extra credit report.
 Shotor Khvar (Persian: شترخوار‎ also Romanized as Shotor Khvār and Shotor Khār; also known as Maḩmūdābād-e Shotor Khvār) is a village in Jalilabad Rural District Jalilabad District Pishva County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 340 in 81 families.
 Hartweg's Climbing Salamander (Bolitoglossa hartwegi) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 House of Himiko (メゾン・ド・ヒミコ Mezon do himiko) also known internationally as La Maison de Himiko is a 2005 Japanese film directed by Isshin Inudo and starring Kō Shibasaki as Saori Min Tanaka as Saori's father Himiko and Joe Odagiri as Haruhiko Himiko's lover. The film was shown at the Japanese film festival in Sydney in December 2006 (as La Maison de Himiko).
 Nautilus belauensis also known as the Palau nautilus is a species of nautilus native to the waters around the Pacific island nation of Palau. N. belauensis is very similar to Nautilus pompilius and shares with this species a closed umbilicus covered with a callus. It differs on the basis of a modified radula and fine raised ridges across and along the shell which form a cross-grid texture. N. belauensis is the second-largest nautilus after the giant form of N. pompilius pompilius.
 Steal the Light is the sixth studio album of Melbourne band The Cat Empire. It was released on 17 May 2013. The first single was Brighter Than Gold and the cover art of the album is the work of Graeme Base.
 Going the Distance is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Nanette Burstein and written by Geoff LaTulippe. It stars Drew Barrymore and Justin Long as a young couple Erin (Barrymore) and Garrett (Long) who fall in love one summer in New York City and try to keep their long-distance relationship alive when Erin heads home to San Francisco.
 Anthony Stansfeld is the Police and Crime Commissioner for Thames Valley Police. He is the first person to hold the post and was elected on 15 November 2012 as the Conservative Party candidate.He was elected to West Berkshire Council in 2003 representing Kintbury ward having previously served on Kintbury Parish Council. From 2008-2012 he was appointed to Thames Valley Police Authority becoming chairman of the Performance Committtee in 2010).
 Jami-Ul-Alfar Mosque is a historic mosque in Colombo Sri Lanka. It is located at Second Cross Street in Pettah. The mosque is a popular tourist site in the city.
 The Priory Church of St Peter with its monastery (Dunstable Priory) was founded in 1132 by Henry I for Augustinian Canons in Dunstable Bedfordshire England. St Peter’s today is a large and impressive building but this is only the nave of what remains of an originally much larger Augustinian priory church. The monastic buildings consisted of a dormitory for the monks an infirmary stables workshops bakehouse brewhouse and buttery.
 Pękosław [pɛŋˈkɔswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Wodzisław 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Jędrzejów and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 The Märkische Allgemeine (also known as the MAZ) is a regional daily newspaper published by the Märkische Verlags- und Druckgesellschaft mbH for the area in and around the state capital of Brandenburg Potsdam in Germany.The newspaper was created in 1946 by the merger of Volkswille and Der Märker and took on its current name on German Unity Day 3 October 1990.
 Edathirinji is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Imago (Имаго) is the third full-length album by the Russian Power Metal band Catharsis. It was released in 2003 by Irond. It is a Russian language twin to the 2002 English language album Imago.
 Greatest Hits is a music video compilation by ZZ Top. It was released in 1992 by Warner Bros. Records.
 Totally Country Vol. 6 is an album in the Totally Hits series.Much like previous volumes in the Totally Country series this sixth volume contained recent country hits (roughly the latter half of 2005 to summer 2006) by the genre's biggest stars of the time including Brad Paisley Kenny Chesney Lonestar Montgomery Gentry George Strait and Blake Shelton and newcomers such as Sugarland and Carrie Underwood. Five of the tracks reached No.
 Shōkoku-ji (相国寺) formally identified as Mannen-zan Shōkoku Shōten Zenji (萬年山相國承天禅寺) is a Buddhist temple in northern Kyoto founded in 1382 by Ashikaga Yoshimitsu.
 Moloch (Russian: Молох) is a 1999 Russian biographical drama film directed by Alexander Sokurov. The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Yuri Arabov and Marina Koreneva. It portrays Adolf Hitler as a humanized figure living life in an unassuming manner during an abrupt journey to the Bavarian Alps. The film stars actors Leonid Mozgovoy Yelena Rufanova Vladimir Bogdanov and Leonid Sokol in principal roles.
 Human Destination Is the second album by American band The Upsidedown.
 The Elizabeth R. Hooker House at 123 Edgehill Rd. New Haven Connecticut is an English-style Arts and Crafts suburban villa designed by Delano and Aldrich and built in 1914 for Elizabeth R. Hooker. Hooker was a 20th-century progressive activist scholar and writer in areas such as women's rights public health care and historic preservation. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Jolly Mill was built on Capps Creek at Jollification Berwick Township Newton County Missouri USA in 1848 by Thomas Isbell and his son John to serve as a whiskey distillery. The mill also served as a grist mill and continued to operate in that capacity until 1975.
 Migration Letters is an international biannual peer-reviewed academic journal of migration studies published since 2004. Topics covered range from internal migration to transnational mobility and from voluntary to forced migration. Migration Letters is indexed and abstracted by the International Bibliography of the Social Sciences. Notable contributors to the journal include Ron J. Johnston (Victoria Medal in Geography 1990) Caroline Brettell Gordon F. De Jong Philip L.
 Banjosa Lake (Urdu: بنجوسہ جھیل ‎) is an artificial lake and a tourist resort 20 kilometers (12 mi) from the city of Rawalakot in District Poonch of Azad Kashmir Pakistan. It is located at an altitude of 1981 meters (6499 ft). The lake is surrounded by densely pine forest and mountains which make its very charming and romantic.
 The Strâmbu-Băiuț River or Strâmbu River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 A Typical and Autoctonal Venezuelan Dance Band is the debut album by Venezuelan band Los Amigos Invisibles in 1995.
 The Shakey River is a 26.2-mile-long (42.2 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan which flows into the Menominee River a tributary of Lake Michigan.
 Desarrollo humano is a Spanish 2007 short documentary film.
 The Biggest Bear is a children's picture book by Lynd Ward first published in 1952. It was illustrated using opaque watercolors and won the prestigious Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1953.Johnny Orchard a young boy is jealous because his neighbors have bear pelts hanging on their barns so he takes a rifle and goes hunting for the biggest bear in the valley. However when he finds only a bear cub he befriends it by feeding it maple sugar and brings the bear home as a pet.
 Frank Estes Cole sometimes known as F. E. Cole (March 4 1908–May 31 1981) was an educator from Many Louisiana who served as a Democrat in both houses of the Louisiana State Legislature between 1944 and 1960.Cole was born to Mr. and Mrs. Robert W. Cole in Ball in northern Rapides Parish. He graduated in 1925 from Franklin High School in Franklin in Robertson County near Bryan/College Station Texas.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād) is a village in Forg Rural District Forg District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 836 in 181 families.
 Górki Miłońskie [ˈɡurki miˈwɔɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Krośniewice 15 km (9 mi) west of Kutno and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sehaff is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 Mendocino Homeland is an extended play by the American punk rock band The Lookouts. It was released in 1989 through vocalist/guitarist Larry Livermore's label Lookout! Records.
 The Victoria Centre (rebranded in 2013 as the Intu Victoria Centre) is a shopping centre in Nottingham England constructed between 1967 and 1972.The Victoria Centre has various fashion and high street stores as well as cafes restaurants a health & fitness centre and the Nottingham Victoria bus station. Over three million people live within a 45 minute drive of the centre.[citation needed]
 Erna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Legacy (French: La donation) is a 2009 film directed by Bernard Émond. The film received the Special Grand Prize of Youth Jury and the Don Quixote Award of the Locarno International Film Festival. It will also compete at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2009.
 Former Prince Albert City Hall now Prince Albert Arts Centre is a National Historic Site of Canada located at 1010 Central Ave. Prince Albert Saskatchewan Canada. Construction on this city Hall started in 1892 and was completed 1893. A. and W.B. Goodfellow Builders built the city hall with clock tower opera house and meeting room. As well as being a heritage site it is still in operation today as an arts centre for various visual arts clubs and galleries for exhibitions.
 Alinjagala Alinja-gala or Alinja tower (Azerbaijani: Əlincə qalası) formerly Yernjak (Armenian: Երնջակ) – is a tower is located to the west of Khanega village not far from Julfa city of Azerbaijan on the right coast of the Alinja River (Alinjachay) on the top of Alinja Mountain. The tower was one of the most strongest defensive buildings of that times.
 Konopnica [kɔnɔpˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 57 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 430.
 Hexachaeta rupta is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Hexachaeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Sekstet is a 1963 Danish film directed by Annelise Hovmand. The film was selected as the Danish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 37th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Schlenze is a River in Germany and a left-bank tributary of the Saale. It starts at Polleben and mouths at Friedeburg (Saale) into the Saale.
 Turn And Face Me is the third studio album by Los Angeles band The Blood Arm released worldwide on July 4 2011 almost five years after their previous album Lie Lover Lie. Recorded in Burbank California it was produced by David Newton from the popular late ‘80s band The Mighty Lemon Drops also notable for his production work with The Little Ones and The Movies.
 Wólka Gołoska [ˈvulka ɡɔˈwɔska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-west of Grójec and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 The Chaplin-Clarke House is a historic First Period house at 109 Haverhill Street in Rowley Massachusetts. Its oldest section built c. 1670 by Joseph Chaplin it is the oldest house in Rowley. The house began as a full width two story wood frame structure that was only one room deep; the leanto section at the rear was added c. 1700. The house was acquired in the early 1700s by Richard Clarke in whose family it remained until the early 20th century.
 Gymnocarena is a genus of the family Tephritidae better known as fruit flies.
 2006 is an album released in 2004 (see 2004 in music) by Manfred Mann with Manfred Mann's Earth Band. Manfred Mann preferred to point out that this is rather his solo album. His explanation for this is given in the sleeve notes where he says that some of the tracks ('Mars' 'Two Friends' 'Two Brides' ' Slave' 'Frog' and 'Get Me Out Of This') were recorded in a more unrehearsed and experimental way than the others.
 Bociniec [bɔˈt͡ɕiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Pobiedziska and 29 km (18 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Whatever Gets You Off is the major label debut by Chicago based hard rock band The Last Vegas released on April 14 2009 on Nikki Sixx's Eleven Seven Music label. It is the band's fourth full-length album overall.The album was produced by Mötley Crüe and Sixx:A.M. bassist Nikki Sixx as well as Sixx:A.M.
 The Nursemaid Who Disappeared is a 1938 British black-and-white crime film directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring Ronald Shiner as Detective Smith (uncredited) Ian Fleming Arthur Margetson Peter Coke and Edward Chapman. Based on a Philip Macdonald novel it was produced by Warner Brothers - First National Productions.
 St Bede's Church Widnes is in Leigh Avenue Appleton Village Widnes Cheshire England. It is an active Roman Catholic parish church in the Archdiocese of Liverpool. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Frank Mayfield Jr. (born 1939) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 The Webster Street Firehouse is a historic fire station at 40 Webster Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The brick 2.5 story building was built in 1893 to a design by the local architectural firm of Elbridge and Boyden. Its main facade is visually eclectic with yellow brick and terracotta elements brick pilasters topped with foliate decoration and an arched window surmounted by a tower with iron cresting.
 The Peene Becque is a small river in Nord département in France. The word Peene may be related to the modern Dutch word Peen that refers to the wild carrot plant (Daucus carota) while becque is the transliteration of the Dutch word beek referring to a small stream (cf.
 Pelophylax tenggerensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family. It is endemic to China.Its natural habitats are temperate grassland rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes freshwater springs and arable land. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lake Winnipegosis is a large (5370 km²) lake in central North America in Manitoba Canada some 300 km northwest of Winnipeg. It is Canada's eleventh-largest lake. An alternate spelling once common but now rare is Lake Winipigoos or simply 'Lake Winipigis'.The elongated 240 kilometre long lake is the second-largest of three large lakes in central Manitoba; the other two are Lake Winnipeg the largest and Lake Manitoba.
 The Silver Cross Tavern is a pub on Whitehall in London England. It was first opened as a licensed pub in 1674 after having previously being an establishment there since the 13th century.
 Top 40 Hits is the second full-length album by Anal Cunt released in 1995 on CD and cassette by Earache Records.The cover of this album is a parody of the compilation albums released in the 1970s by TV advertising company K-Tel.The album was recorded in 1994 as part of the band's attempt to move from playing noisecore to playing fast hardcore songs although the album contains both styles.
 Eight Below is a 2006 American adventure drama film directed by Frank Marshall and written by David DiGilio. It stars Paul Walker Bruce Greenwood Moon Bloodgood and Jason Biggs. It was released theatrically on February 17 2006 by Walt Disney Pictures in the United States. The film is set in Antarctica but was filmed in Svalbard Norway Greenland and British Columbia Canada.
 William J. McCormack (1890–1965?) was a successful New York City businessman of the first half of the twentieth century. McCormack was born in Jersey City New Jersey to Irish potato-famine immigrants from County Monaghan. McCormack began life as a grocer's “wagon-boy” running errands along New York's West Side docks and went on to establish Penn Stevedoring one of the most important produce handlers in the United States.
 The Adventures of Pinocchio is a 1996 European family fantasy film based on Carlo Collodi's original novel of the same name directed by Steve Barron and starring Jonathan Taylor Thomas Martin Landau and Udo Kier.
 The Sheffield and South Yorkshire Navigation (S&SY) is a system of navigable inland waterways (canals and canalised rivers) in South Yorkshire and Lincolnshire England.Chiefly based on the River Don it runs for a length of 43 miles (69 km) and has 27 locks.
 The Santana River (Mato Grosso do Sul) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Armenoceratidae is a family of early Paleozoic nautiloid cephalopods belonging to the Order Actinocerida.The Armenoceratidae established by Troedsson (1926) is characterized by large straight or slightly curved shells and large siphuncles with strongly expanded segments between the septa. Septal necks are short and abruptly recurved along brims.
 I Couldn’t Become a Hero So I Reluctantly Decided to Get a Job. (勇者になれなかった俺はしぶしぶ就職を決意しました。 Yūsha ni Narenakatta Ore wa Shibushibu Shūshoku o Ketsui Shimashita. lit. I Who Didn't Become a Hero Reluctantly Decided to Find a Job.) also known in its short form as Yu-Sibu is a Japanese light novel series written by Jun Sakyou and illustrated by Masaki Inuzumi. The series was awarded Gold in the 23rd Fantasia Awards. An anime adaptation by Asread began airing on October 4 2013.
 Australian Aviation is a popular aviation-related magazine that has been sold in Australia and New Zealand since 1977.
 Ivar Rooth (2 November 1888 – 27 February 1972) was a Swedish economist and the International Monetary Fund (IMF)'s second Managing Director and Chairman of the Executive Board serving from 1951–1956. He was born on 2 November 1888 in Stockholm Sweden.
 Congregation Agudas Achim is a Conservative synagogue in Austin Texas.Agudas Achim (Community of Brothers) was founded in 1914 by a group of Orthodox Jews who met for prayer in private homes. It was chartered in 1924 and occupied leased space before erecting a brick synagogue at 909 San Jacinto. The Agudas Achim Cemetery in Austin Memorial Park on Hancock Road was purchased in 1933.
 The sixgill hagfish or snotslang Eptatretus hexatrema is a species of marine fish in the hagfish family (family Myxinidae) of order Myxiniformes. It is native to the South Atlantic Ocean and southwestern Indian Ocean.
 The Manuherikia River is located in Otago in the South Island of New Zealand. It rises in the far north of the Maniototo with the West Branch draining the eastern side of the St Bathans Range and the East Branch draining the western flanks of the Hawkdun Range. The river continues southwest through the wide Manuherikia Valley to its confluence with the Clutha River at Alexandra.
 Altenburg is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 Perna [ˈpɛrna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Kutno and 60 km (37 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Benjamin Charles Prowse (10 December 1862 – 22 February 1930) was a Canadian merchant and politician.He was born near Charlottetown the son of William Prowse and attended public school there. He worked as a clerk for a dry goods firm there before finding work in his brother Lemuel's clothing store. By 1886 Prowse had become junior partner in his brother's firm. He married Amanda Maud Millner in 1886.
 Dinner Time is the debut album by Boot Camp Clik member Louieville Sluggah. It was released in 2007.
 Voyage sans espoir (English: Voyage Without Hope) is a French drama film from 1943 directed by Christian-Jaque written by Christian-Jaque starring Simone Renant and Jean Marais.
 Al Fajr (in Arabic الفجر meaning The Dawn in English) is an independent Arabic language daily newspaper published in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates. The daily is one of the oldest publications in the country.
 Tapinoma sessile is a species of ant that goes by the common names odorous house ant stink ant and coconut ant. Their colonies are polydomous (consist of multiple nests) and have a characteristic dominance hierarchy system. Like many social insects T. sessile employs complex foraging strategies allocates food depending on environmental conditions and engages in competition with several other insect species.These are both indoor and outdoor ants.
 Marion Lake is an alpine lake located in Linn County of the U.S. state of Oregon. The lake is in central Oregon's Cascades within the Mount Jefferson Wilderness.
 Heterostegane ruberata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Madagascar.It has a wingspan of 17-18mm. The forewings are rather broad with the apex round-pointed whitish buff coarsely and profusely irrorated with ochraceous-tawny. The underside is pale with slight suffusions but without irrorations.
 Own the Night is the third studio album by the American country music trio Lady Antebellum. It was released on September 13 2011 through Capitol Nashville. It was produced by Paul Worley. It topped the Billboard 200 selling more than 347000 copies in its first week making it their second number-one album in the United States and one of the most successful country albums of 2011.
 Lee Dong-phil is a South Korean politician currently serving as Minister of Agriculture Food and Rural Affairs.
 Halifax Bay is a region located around a bay in the Coral Sea situated on the Australian coast in Far North Queensland.
 Yekshaveh (Persian: يكشوه‎; also known as Yek Shabā) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 546 in 107 families.
 Pärinurme is a village in Saue Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Ruislip Priory was a priory in Middlesex England. In 1086 or 1087 the manor of Ruislip was given to Bec Abbey by Ernulf de Hesdin. An administrative centre it had a prior before 1200. In the early 13th century the administration of Bec's manors (over 20) was shared with Ogbourne Priory in Wiltshire. Ruislip was always a manor-house rather than having conventual buildings. After 1404 the manors were reallocated Ruislip going to St Nicolas College Cambridge.
 John Campbell Hamilton-Gordon 1st Marquess of Aberdeen and Temair KT GCMG GCVO PC (3 August 1847 – 7 March 1934) known as The Earl of Aberdeen from 1870 to 1916 was a Scottish politician. Born in Edinburgh Hamilton-Gordon held office in several countries serving twice as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland (1886; 1905–1915) and serving from 1893 to 1898 as the seventh Governor General of Canada.
 Rhagoletotrypeta pastranai is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletotrypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Torture Garden is an album by John Zorn's band Naked City featuring Yamatsuka Eye on vocals. The album is a compilation of the hardcore miniatures that were also released on Naked City and Grand Guignol. Unlike other Naked City albums there are no breaks between the screaming the seemingly random saxophone blasts and grindcore. The album was originally released on Shimmy Disc in 1989.
 Fortney Hillman Pete Stark Jr. (born November 11 1931) is an American politician who was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1973 to 2013.
 Charles Ballard Zimmerman (1891-1969) was a lawyer from Springfield Ohio. He was a justice of the Ohio Supreme Court from 1933 until his death.
 Yew Hill-Robert Ashby's Tavern-Shacklett's Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located near Delaplane Fauquier County Virginia. The main house was built about 1760–1761 and is a 1 1/2-story three bay Colonial-era frame structure. It sits on a stone foundation and features a jerkin-head gable roof. Also on the property are the contributing meat house built about 1760–1817; barn (1798–1799 1857); and spring house ruin (c. 1800).
 For the rugby league footballer of the 1990s for England and Warrington see Mark HiltonMark Kelly Hilton was a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's ninety-sixth House district including constituents in Catawba county. The Hickory Daily Record reported he resigned his seat effective following the 2011-12 General Assembly. A police officer from Conover North Carolina Hilton served six terms in the state House.
 Miltochrista zebrina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Bhutan and India (Culcutta).
 Pranzo Oltranzista is Mike Patton's second solo project. It is subtitled Musica da Tavola per Cinque (literally translated as Banquet Piece for Five Players) and is based on Futurist Cookbook by Filippo Tommaso Marinetti written in 1932. Following the experimental Adult Themes for Voice it contains numerous tracks linked by culminary themes and best listened to as a unitary movement.
 Kahtu (Persian: كهتو‎ also Romanized as Kahtū; also known as Kahtūyeh) is a village in Meshkan Rural District Poshtkuh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 20 families.
 Krzepocinek [kʂɛpɔˈt͡ɕinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Wartkowice 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Poddębice and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Saghandel (Persian: سغندل‎ also Romanized as Saqam Del Saqandel Sekendī Seqendel Sikindil and Sykyndyl’) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 34 families.The cuneiform inscription in the village is the most famous historical monument in the region.
 The Löffelhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It is part of the Aargrat a range east of the Oberaarhorn that separates the valley of the Oberaar Glacier from the valley of Goms.
 Belgrandiella fuchsi is a species of minute freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. This species is endemic to Austria.
 Sharin' in the Groove: Celebrating the Music of Phish is an all-star charity Phish tribute album featuring 23 acts covering 20 Phish songs all on a volunteer basis to fund music education for children under the auspices of the Mockingbird Foundation.
 The Curmătura River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
 The Chehalem Mountains are a mountain range located in the Willamette Valley in the U.S. state of Oregon. Forming the southern boundary of the Tualatin Valley the Chehalems are the highest mountains in the Willamette Valley. Composed of a single land mass that was uplifted by tectonic forces the mountain range includes several spurs and ridges such as Parrett Mountain Ribbon Ridge and Bald Peak.
 Bear Gulch Ponds is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Sir George Alfred Arney Kt. (1810 – 7 April 1883) was the second Chief Justice of New Zealand.
 Piha is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 24 (as of 1 January 2011).
 The Crimson Beech (also known as the Cass House) is a house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright located in the Lighthouse Hill neighborhood of the New York City borough of Staten Island. Its original owners Catherine and William Cass had it manufactured by Marshall Erdman in kit form in Madison Wisconsin and shipped to Staten Island where it was erected in 1959. It is the only residence designed by Wright in New York City and one of eleven Marshall Erdman Prefab Houses that were built.
 Peters Creek is a 16.8-mile-long (27.0 km) tributary of the Monongahela River and part of the Mississippi River watershed flowing through southwestern Pennsylvania in the United States.Peters Creek starts in Nottingham Township in Washington County and joins the Monongahela River at Clairton in Allegheny County.
 Stamnodini is a tribe of geometer moths under subfamily Larentiinae.
 The Hopșia River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
 Brae Bay (previous alternate: Broe Bay) is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in Baffin Bay by northern Devon Island. Directly to the north is the Inuit community of Grise Fiord on Ellesmere Island.
 Christmas Lilies of the Field is a 1979 made-for-TV sequel to the classic film Lilies of the Field. In this sequel directed by Ralph Nelson Homer Smith returns to the Arizona desert where he had built the chapel for the nuns. This time Smith is played by Billy Dee Williams instead of Sidney Poitier. This time Mother Maria played by Maria Schell convinces Homer Smith into building a kindergarten as well as an orphanage. The TV special was released on VHS in 1989.
 Pottstown Roller Mill is a historic roller mill located on the Schuylkill River at Pottstown Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The original mill building was built in 1727. It was constructed of fieldstone two-stories tall and three bays wide and two bays deep. The building was altered in 1849. In 1856 two brick stories were added to the original fieldstone mill. A five bay brick addition was subsequently added and doubled the size of the 1856 mill.
 Mulu Ayar Bera is a Member of Legislative assembly from Bhanvad constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
 The Best Christmas Pageant Ever (titled The Worst Kids in the World in Australia New Zealand and the UK) is a book written by Barbara Robinson in 1971. It tells the story of Imogene Claude Ralph Leroy Ollie and Gladys six delinquent children surnamed Herdman who engage in misfit behavior for their age such as smoking drinking jug wine and shoplifting. They go to church for the first time after being told that the church offers snacks.
 Deoria Tal (Also spelled as Devaria' or 'Deoriya) is a lake located about 3 km on an uphill trek from the villages of Mastura and Sari on the Ukhimath-Chopta road in Uttarakhand. At an altitude of about 2387 meters it has heavily wooded lush green surroundings with snow covered mountains (Chaukhamba is one of them) in the backdrop.
 The Apón River is a river of Venezuela. It drains into Lake Maracaibo.
 Hastey Hastey is a 2008 Hindi comedy film starring Jimmy Shergill Rajpal Yadav newcomers Nisha Rawal and Monishka. It is directed by Tonny and produced by Go Cam Films in association with Inox.
 Glow is the third full-length EP by British DJ and electronic dance music composer Andy Hunter°. It is the follow-up to his 2010 EP Collide. Glow was released on July 23 2012 on all digital retailers.
 Górka [ˈɡurka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Gidle 14 km (9 mi) south of Radomsko and 93 km (58 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Coeur d'Alene River flows 37 miles (60 km) from the Silver Valley into Lake Coeur d'Alene in the U.S. state of Idaho. The stream continues out of Lake Coeur d'Alene as the Spokane River.
 Rosa Elena Bonilla Avila also known as Rosa Elena de Lobo (born 2 February 1967) a Honduran politician and interior designer is the wife of the 54th and current president of Honduras Porfirio Lobo and the First Lady of Honduras.
 The Grebla River is a tributary of the Băiașu River in Romania
 The River Quaggy (often the Quaggy River or simply Quaggy) is a river 17 km in length passing through the south-east London boroughs of Bromley Greenwich and Lewisham; in its lower reaches it is an urban river in its upper reaches further from London it is more natural and known as the Kyd Brook.
 Stublca is a village in the municipality of Trstenik Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 210 people.
 The Journal of Family Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 1987 and covers research in family psychology. The current editor-in-chief is Nadine J. Kaslow (Emory University).
 The Sell Out is a 1976 film directed by Peter Collinson that was filmed in Israel. It stars Oliver Reed and Richard Widmark.
 The Sooty Roundleaf Bat (Hipposideros fuliginosus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is found in Cameroon Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and moist savanna. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Symphonic Ellington is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded and released on the Reprise label in 1963. The album features recordings of Ellington's orchestra with the Paris Symphony Orchestra the Stockholm Symphony Orchestra the Hamburg Symphony Orchestra and the La Scala Symphony Orchestra.
 Women's Physique World was a magazine covering female bodybuilding and fitness and figure competition published from 1984 to 2006.The first issue was dated Fall 1984 and featured Lori Walkup on the cover. Subsequently the magazine has been published with varying frequency ranging from two to six issues annually.Women's Physique World also produces documentary style videos that feature the women posing in non-contest settings in bikinis dresses and other outfits.
 Yeonseoksan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 925 metres.
 Night Over Taos was a 1932 Broadway three act drama written by Maxwell Andersonproduced by the Group Theatre and staged by Lee Strasberg. It was the Group Theatre'sthird production. It ran for 13 performances from March 9 1936 closing that month at the 48th Street Theatre.It was revived off Broadway in 2007 directed by Estelle Parsons.
 For the Canadian ice hockey player see Curtis McKenzie (ice hockey)Curt McKenzie (born February 9 1969) was born in Corvallis Oregon. He has been a Republican member of the Idaho Senate since 2002 and is representing the 12th District. He is married to Renee and is a father of two children.
 Sir Ralph Denham Rayment Moor KCMG (31 July 1860–14 September 1909) first high commissioner of the British Southern Nigeria Protectorate born on 31 July 1860 at The Lodge Furneux Pelham Buntingford Hertfordshire was son of William Henry Moor (ca. 1830–ca. 1863) surgeon by his wife Sarah Pears. Educated privately and destined for business he engaged in 1880–1 as a learner in the tea trade.
 After Midnight is a 1927 American silent drama film written and directed by Monta Bell. The film stars Norma Shearer and Gwen Lee.
 The De Breves River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Priory of the Holy Trinity was a priory in Suffolk England. It was named in the Domesday Book although the build date of the first known building was 1177. After a fire the monastery was rebuilt by John de Oxford in 1194. The priory was condemned in 1536.
 The Richard O'Brien Three-Decker is a historic triple-decker at 43 Suffolk Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1890 and was noted for its well-preserved Queen Anne styling when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. A number of these details including cut shingle panels between the windows of the projecting front bay and the turned posts and decorative brackets of the porch have been lost or obscured (see photo).
 Stella by the Sea is a book in the Aussie Chomps collection written by Australian author Ruth Starke. The book was released in Australia on 1 July 2003.
 Kushkak (Persian: كوشكك‎ also Romanized as Kūshkak) is a village in Nesa Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 34 families.
 Dol (Valley in Kurdish) is a 2007 film written and directed by the Kurdish director Hiner Saleem and produced in Germany France and Southern Kurdistan.
 Drakensberg Minnow (Labeobarbus aspius) is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Congo Democratic Republic.
 Matthew Spencer Petersen (born 1970) is a member of the United States Federal Election Commission (FEC).He was nominated to the FEC by President George W. Bush on June 12 2008 and unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate on June 24 2008. He was unanimously elected to serve as the Chairman of the FEC starting in 2010 by his fellow members of the FEC in December 2009.From 2005 until his appointment to the Commission Mr.
 Benjamin Toppan Pickman (1790 – March 12 1835) was a Massachusetts politician who served as President of the Massachusetts Senate a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as a member and President of the Boston Common Council.Pickman was the son of Massachusetts Congressman Benjamin Pickman Jr.
 Lake Keta (Russian: Кета) is a large freshwater lake in Krasnoyarsk Krai north-central part of Russia. It is located at 68.6897°N 90.4386°E﻿ / 68.6897; 90.4386 and has an area of 452 km². Rybnaya River flows from the lake.
 Noripterus (meaning lake wing from Mongolian nuur lake and Greek pteron wing) is a genus of dsungaripterid pterodactyloid pterosaur from Lower Cretaceous-age Lianmuqin Formation in the Junggar Basin of Xinjiang China. It was first named by Yang Zhongjian (also known as C.C. Young in older sources) in 1973. Additional fossil remains have been recovered from Tsagaantsav Svita Mongolia.
 Troy Wayne Grant an Australian politician is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Dubbo for the National Party of Australia since 26 March 2011. In April 2014 Grant was appointed as the Minister for Hospitality Gaming and Racing and the Minister for the Arts in the Baird government.
 Crown of Creation Meets Friends is the second album released by West German synthpop/pop group Crown of Creation. It was released in January 1998 and produced by Matthias Dorn and Philippe Beaucamp.
 Ruins of Zhentil Keep is a supplement to the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Waiaruhe River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northeast from its origins close to Ngawha Springs to reach the northern Waitangi River five kilometres south of Kerikeri.
 Middleton Pope Barrow (August 1 1839 – December 23 1903) was a United States Senator from Georgia. Born near Antioch Georgia in Oglethorpe County he attended a private academy and graduated from the University of Georgia (UGA) in Athens Georgia with a Bachelor of Arts in 1859 and from the School of Law in 1860. He was admitted to the bar that year and commenced practice in Athens.During the Civil War he entered the Confederate service in 1861 and served throughout the war.
 Tiff Macklem is the outgoing Senior Deputy Governor of the Bank of Canada and the next Dean of the Rotman School of Management.
 The Courts of the Morning is a 1929 adventure novel by John Buchan featuring his character Sandy Arbuthnot. The prologue is narrated by Richard Hannay so the novel is sometimes included in Buchan's Hannay series. The action is set in Olifa a fictional country on the west coast of South America.
 The Sărățel River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Rusty Glover is a Republican member of the Alabama Senate representing the 34th District since 2007. Previously he was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives representing the 102nd District from 2003 through 2006.
 Dentistyla dentifera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae.
 Sikhanyiso Ndlovu is a Zimbabwean politician and a former Minister of Information and Publicity. He is also a member of the ZANU-PF Politburo.
 The Clepeniac River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Tunstall Reservoir was a water supply storage reservoir completed in 1879 and now used solely to maintain minimum regulatory flows on the River Wear. It is situated in the north Pennines of the United Kingdom and lies 3.5 km north of the village of Wolsingham in Weardale County Durham.
 The American Bank Note Company Building is a historical building located at 70 Broad Street New York New York (at the corner of Beaver Street near Bowling Green in Financial District Manhattan).
 Ammersee (English: Lake Ammer) is a Zungenbecken lake in Upper Bavaria Germany southwest of Munich between the towns of Herrsching and Dießen am Ammersee. With a surface area of approximately 47 square kilometres (18 sq mi) it is the sixth largest lake in Germany. The lake is at an elevation of 520 metres (1710 ft) and has a maximum depth of 81 metres (266 ft). Like other Bavarian lakes Ammersee developed as a result of the ice age glaciers melting.
 Barack the Barbarian is a comic book series published by Devil's Due Publishing beginning in June 2009. It was written by Larry Hama with art by Christopher Schons.Barack the Barbarian originally appeared in a four-issue mini-series. The story features the 44th President of the United States Barack Obama as a Conan the Barbarian-style figure. It also features politicians like Sarah Palin George W.
 Ghonchi (Persian: غنچي‎ also Romanized as Ghonchī; also known as Qonchī) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 43 families.
 Aqcheh Kand (Persian: اقچه كند‎ also Romanized as Āqcheh Kand Āqcheh Kan Āqjā Kand Āqjeh Kand; also known as Ak-Dzhakand) is a village in Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Takestan County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 238 in 61 families.
 John William Metzger (April 4 1911 – January 25 1984) was a prominent Denver lawyer. He was elected to the Attorney General for the state of Colorado in 1949 for one term. He was also briefly the owner of the historic Trianon property in Colorado Springs Colorado before moving much of the art to the Trianon Museum and Art Gallery in Denver.
 Second Skin is a 1964 novel by John Hawkes.
 Kordbastan (Persian: كردبستان‎ also Romanized as Kordbastān and Kord-e Bostān; also known as Gard Bestān Gord Bastān and Gord-e Bostān) is a village in Dashtab Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 29 families.
 Dzierzbotki [d͡ʑeʐˈbɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Kawęczyn 12 km (7 mi) south of Turek and 122 km (76 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Küçükboyalık is a village in the District of Balâ Ankara Province Turkey.
 The Southern Marsupial Mole (Notoryctes typhlops) is a mole-like marsupial found in the desert of southwest Australia. It is extremely adapted to a burrowing way of life. It has large shovel-like forepaws and silky fur which helps it move easily. The Southern Marsupial Mole also lacks complete eyes as it has little need for them. It feeds on earthworms and larvae.
 The Boița River is a tributary of the Răchitova River in Romania.
 Plesiobaena is an extinct genus of turtle which existed in the Belly River Formation Canada during the late Cretaceous period (Campanian age). It was first named by Lambe L. M. in 1972 and the type species is Plesiobaena antiqua.
 Swami Vivekananda: Messiah of Resurgent India (2003) is a book written by Pranaba Ranjan Bhuyan. This book is a comprehensive biography of Swami Vivekananda. The book was published by Atlantic Publishers & Dist New Delhi.
 International Studies Perspectives is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Studies Association. The journal was established in 2000. The editors-in-chief are Douglas A. Van Belle (Victoria University of Wellington) and Jacqui True (University of Auckland).
 The Plum Grove Primitive Methodist Church is located in Ridgeway Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Kłodzino [kwɔˈd͡ʑinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Golczewo 23 km (14 mi) south-east of Kamień Pomorski and 49 km (30 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 160.
 jj n° 3 is the second studio album by jj. It was announced by Secretly Canadian on December 24 2009 and was released on March 9 2010 in collaboration with Sincerely Yours.The third song on the album Let Go was released January 15 for free at the Sincerely Yours website.jj n° 3 was named Rough Trade's Album of the Month in April 2010.In April 2011 the first half of the first song from the album My Life was featured in a gameplay trailer for the video game Battlefield 3.
 Turbonilla valdeobesa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Pleasant Mount Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a Cumberland Presbyterian church in Columbia Tennessee.The church building was constructed in 1899 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Inside Out & Back Again is a novel by Thanhha Lai. The book was awarded the 2011 National Book Award for Young People's Literature and one of the two Newbery Honors. The verse novel was based on her first year in the United States as a ten-year-old girl that spoke no English in 1975.
 Lost Honeymoon is a 1947 American film directed by Leigh Jason. The tag line calls it A romantic comedy of amnesia and amore. The working title of the film was Amy Comes Across.
 Quentin Duane Wheeler (born 1954) is the 14th President of the State University of New York College of Environmental Science and Forestry. He assumed this office on January 2 2014.
 The Andaman horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus cognatus) is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is endemic to India. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 Darvand (Persian: داروند‎ also Romanized as Dārvand; also known as Dārvan Qala Darwand Sher Kush and Shīr Kosh) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 164 in 37 families.
 Asterias amurensis also known as the Northern Pacific seastar and Japanese common starfish is a seastar native to the coasts of northern China Korea Russia and Japan. This species has been introduced to the oceanic areas of Tasmania southern Australia Alaska the Aleutian Islands parts of Europe and Maine.
 Mount Shunbetsu (春別岳 Shunbetsu-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Diwan Bahadur Sir Gopathi Narayanaswami Chetty (Tamil: கோபதி நாராயனசுவாமி சேட்டி) CIE (b. September 28 1881 - d. June 13 1950) was an Indian merchant landlord politician legislator and economist.
 Sikash is a village development committee in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3060 and had 514 houses in the village.
 Vallonia excentrica common name the eccentric vallonia is a species of very small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae.
 Sivappathigaram (2006) is a Tamil film directed by Karu Pazhaniappan. The film stars Vishal Mamta Mohandas Manivannan Rajan P. Dev Upendra Limaye Ganja Karuppu and Raghuvaran. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Vidyasagar. Mamta Mohandas made her debut in Tamil with this film. The film was released on November 2006 to favourable reviews but became a commercial failure.
 Thaiday re-directs here. For the Australian rugby league footballer see Sam Thaiday.ThaiDay was an English-language newspaper printed in Bangkok in 2005 and 2006. Started by politician Sondhi Limthongkul's Manager Media Group it consisted of eight broadsheet pages that were inserted in the Thailand edition of the International Herald Tribune. It was printed six days a week Monday to Saturday.
 The River Broadwater is a tributary of the River Loddon at Swallowfield Berkshire.It is formed by the Rivers Blackwater and Whitewater at their confluence near Thatcher's Ford at the boundary between Bramshill and Swallowfield parishes. The river flows in a north-westerly direction for approximately one and a half miles until it joins the River Loddon to the north of the village of Swallowfield.
 The Magic Bow is a 1946 British musical film based on the life of the Italian violinist and composer Niccolò Paganini. It was directed by Bernard Knowles. It was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Clare at Water Tower is a high-rise senior living community is situated on the Loyola University Chicago Water Tower Campus in Chicago's Gold Coast at Rush Street & Pearson Street.
 Pyrrhocoris is a genus of true bugs in the family Pyrrhocoridae the cotton stainers.There are about six species. The best known by far is Pyrrhocoris apterus commonly called the firebug red firebug linden bug sap sucking bug and red soldier bug. Many aspects of the biology of this species have been studied extensively.Species in the genus include:Pyrrhocoris apterusPyrrhocoris fuscopunctatusPyrrhocoris marginatusPyrrhocoris sibiricusPyrrhocoris sinuaticollis↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1 ↑ ↑ ↑
 The Last Day of a Condemned Man (French: Le Dernier Jour d'un Condamné) is a short novel by Victor Hugo first published in 1829. The novel recounts the thoughts of a man condemned to die. Victor Hugo wrote this novel to express his feelings that the death penalty should be abolished.
 Braude is a lunar impact crater located on the far side of the Moon. The crater is named after radio astronomer Semion Braude. The crater was adopted by the IAU in 2009. The nearest major feature is the Schrödinger crater. Also located nearby is the Wiechert crater which is located less than 170 kilometers from the southern pole.
 Gongylus is a genus of empusids in the order Mantodea. Characterized by extremely slender limbs with large appendages at least one species (Gongylus gongylodes) is kept as a pet by hobbyists. Males of the species are capable of flight.
 Pil (Persian: پيل‎ also Romanized as Pīl; also known as Pel) is a village in Owzrud Rural District Baladeh District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 23 families.
 Coptoproctis is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 A Thousand Kisses Deep is a 2011 film directed by Dana Lustig and based on a screenplay by Alex Kustanovich and Vadim Moldovan. The film starring Dougray Scott Jodie Whittaker and Emilia Fox is a science-fiction thriller about a young woman who via time-travel pieces together the events that led to her own death. The film premiered at the 2011 Raindance Film Festival in the United Kingdom and was released in June 2012 in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
 Goodbye Mr. Chips (originally Good-bye Mr. Chips) is a novella about the life of a schoolteacher Mr. Chipping written by the English writer James Hilton first published by Hodder & Stoughton in October 1934. The novel has been adapted into two films and two television adaptations.
 Thomas P. Gannon is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. Gannon represented the 161st legislative district. He was born in Philadelphia.He is a 1961 graduate of Cardinal Dougherty High School. He earned a degree in political science from Temple University in 1968 and a J.D. from the Widener University School of Law in 1976.Prior to elective office he worked as a Contract Surety Bond Claim Attorney for Reliance Insurance Company.
 Scincella beddomei is a species of skink endemic to India.
 Da Club Phenomena is the first remix album by Armand Van Helden.
 Always a Body To Trade is a crime novel by the American writer K.C.
 The Technique also known as the 'Nique is the official student newspaper of the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta Georgia and has referred to itself as the South's liveliest college newspaper since 1945. As of the Fall semester of 2011 the Technique has a weekly circulation of 10000 distributed to numerous locations on the Georgia Tech campus and a handful of locations in the surrounding area.
 Vaughtia olivemeyerae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Mar Chiquita (in Spanish literally Little Sea) or Mar de Ansenuza is an endorheic salt lake located in the northeast of the province of Córdoba in central Argentina. The northeast corner of the lake also extends into southeastern Santiago del Estero Province. It is the largest of the naturally occurring saline lakes in Argentina.
 Unishe April (Bengali: উনিশে এপ্রিল 19th April) (1994) is an award-winning feature film directed by Rituparno Ghosh. The film is in Bengali. It stars Aparna Sen Debashree Roy Prosenjit Chatterjee and Dipankar Dey. The film's music is composed by Jyotishka Dasgupta. It won two National Film Awards in 1995 including the National Film Award for Best Feature Film. It is a loose remake of the 1978 Ingmar Bergman film Autumn Sonata.
 Sheila Marie Evans Widnall (born July 13 1938) is an American aerospace researcher and Institute Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She served as United States Secretary of the Air Force between 1993 and 1997 making her the first female Secretary of the Air Force and first woman to lead an entire branch of the U.S. military in the Department of Defense.Widnall graduated from MIT with an S.B. in 1960 S.M. in 1961 and Sc.D. in 1964 all in Aeronautics.
 VANILLA is the second EP from Japanese singer Eiko Shimamiya.
 The Invitation is the second studio album released by Christian singer Meredith Andrews.
 The Sha'ar Hashamayim Synagogue (lit. Gate of Heaven) is located in Cairo Egypt. The synagogue was also known as Temple Ismailia and the Adly Street Synagogue.Its long-time leader was Chief Rabbi Chaim Nahum. In 2008 the synagogue marked its 100th anniversary. The synagogue was built in a style evoking ancient Egyptian temples and was once the largest building on the boulevard.When the synagogue opened in 1899 there was a vibrant Jewish community in Cairo.
 Henry Kim Kiki Saavedra (born 1938) is a Democratic member of the New Mexico House of Representatives representing the 10th District since 1976. Saavedra is a businessman having attended the University of Albuquerque. Prior to his election to the New Mexico House he served in various positions with the city of Albuquerque where he currently resides. He has served on the Appropriations and Transportation House Committees. He is also a veteran of the United States Air National Guard.
 Juan Manuel Eguiagaray (born 1945) is a Spanish economist academic businessman and retired politician. He is the former minister of industry and energy from 1993 to 1996.
 Massari is the self-titled debut album by Lebanese/Canadian R&B artist Massari released on May 31 2005 under the label CP Records. It was co-written and co-produced by both rapper Belly and Massari and other producers included on the album are Da Heala and Lynx. The album features the hit tracks Smile for Me (featuring Loon) Be Easy  Real Love and Rush the Floor (featuring Belly).
 Savant Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Happy Endings is an album by American comedian comedy writer and radio personality Jackie Martling. The album was released in MP3 format by Martling's Jokeland Inc. on August 1 2008.
 A Picture of Me (Without You) is an album by American country music singer George Jones. It was released in 1972 on the Epic Records label. The album's title track was the only single release from it peaking at #5 on the Billboard country singles charts. Lorrie Morgan covered this song on her 1991 album Something in Red and had a #8 country hit with it that same year.
 The Table Mountain Beauty or Mountain Pride (Aeropetes tulbaghia) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South Africa Lesotho and Zimbabwe.The wingspan is 70–78 mm for males and 75-90 for females. Adults are on wing from November to April (with peaks from December to March). There is one generation per yearIt is the pollinator of the orchid Disa uniflora.The larvae feed on various Poaceae species including Ehrharta erecta Hyparrhenia hirta and Pennisetum clandestinum.
 Star Trek: Ships of the Line is a book created to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of the Star Trek franchise. The book was edited by Doug Drexler and Margaret Clark. The text was by Michael Okuda. The book is a collection of images from the highly successful and acclaimed Star Trek: Ships of the Line calendars.
 Shades of my Mind (Chinese: 黑的意念) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Stanley Huang's (Chinese: 黃立行) 4th Mandarin studio album. It was released on 29 October 2004 by EMI Music Taiwan.
 Rhagoletotrypeta uniformis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletotrypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 William Michael Cocke (July 16 1815 — February 6 1896) was an American politician who represented Tennessee's second district in the United States House of Representatives.
 Lords of Creation is a science fiction novel by author Eando Binder (combined pseudonym for brothers Earl and Otto Binder). It was first published in book form in 1949 by Prime Press in an edition of 2112 copies of which 112 were signed numbered and slipcased. The novel was originally serialized in six parts in the magazine Argosy beginning September 23 1939.
 Honey Bee (Malayalam: ഹണി ബീ) is a 2013 Malayalam romantic comedy film written and directed by Lal Junior (Jean Paul Lal) son of actor-director Lal (Paul Michael) and produced by Sibi Thottupuram and Joby Mandamattom. The film stars Asif Ali Bhavana Baburaj Sreenath Bhasi Archana Kavi Balu and Lal in lead roles.The movie revolves around two friends (Sebastian and Angel) who suddenly discover their love for each other.
 Sandhya Bauri (born. September 2 1951) is a political and social worker and a Member of Parliament elected from the Vishnupur constituency in the Indian state of West Bengal being a Communist Party of India (Marxist) candidate.
 The Fullerton Dam is a ruined dam located 7 miles (11 km) northwest of Olustee Oklahoma. Farmer William J. Fullerton built the dam in the mid-1890s to irrigate his vegetable crops. As western Oklahoma was a dry region farmers depended on a regular water supply to produce crops making Fullerton's dam an important innovation.
 Betheda G. Beth Edmonds (born October 27 1950 in Keene Valley New York) is a librarian and former Democratic member of the Maine Senate representing the 10th District from 2001 to 2009. She became the President of the Maine Senate after winning re-election in 2004. Her former district includes the towns of Brunswick Freeport Harpswell and Pownal.
 Grace Congregational United Church of Christ is a Protestant church located in Rutland Vermont.
 St. Bartholomew-by-the-Exchange was a church in the City of London located on Bartholomew Lane off Threadneedle Street. Recorded since the 13th century the church was destroyed in the Great Fire of 1666 then rebuilt by the office of Sir Christopher Wren. The rebuilt church was demolished in 1840.
 The Plunderer is a 1924 silent American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Evelyn Brent. An earlier version starred William Farnum in 1920. The film is considered to be lost.
 Thecadactylus is a gekko genus from the tropical Americas. They are known as the turnip-tailed geckos. The genus belongs to the gecko family Phyllodactylidae. Until 2007 it was believed to be monotypic with T. rapicauda the sole species. Then however the population from upstream southern Amazonia was discovered to be very distinct and was named a new species T. solimoensis. A third species was described in 2011.
 Alexander Gallatin McNutt (January 3 1802 – October 22 1848) was a Mississippi attorney and politician who served as Governor from 1838 to 1842.
 Prorhinia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 St Luke's Church Hickling is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Hickling Nottinghamshire.
 Rusinów [ruˈɕinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Częstochowa and 81 km (50 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 81.
 Barbara L. McQuade (born 1964) is currently the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan.
 Pairing Off is an album by saxophonist Phil Woods' Septet recorded in 1956 and released on the Prestige label.
 Seasons Bleedings is an EP by Holy Grail released in 2011 under Prosthetic Records.
 The second EP from German Synthpop band Neuroticfish.
 The Haunted Monastery is a gong'an detective novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.The book contains eight illustrations by the author as well as a diagram of the Monastery where the action takes place.
 The Maryina Roshcha Synagogue (Russian: Московская Синагога Хабада в Марьиной Роще) is a synagogue in Moscow established in 1925 at Vtoroy Vysheslavtsev Lane 5a.
 Frederick Woolnough 'Fred' Paterson (13 June 1897 – 7 October 1977) was an Australian politician activist unionist and lawyer. He was the only member of the Communist Party of Australia ever to be elected to a parliament anywhere in Australia.
 Ten Inch Hero is an independent romantic comedy film completed in 2007. The film was directed by David Mackay and written by Betsy Morris. The Ten Inch Hero of the title refers to a large submarine sandwich.
 Energy Plaza is a skyscraper in the City Center District of downtown Dallas Texas north of Thanks-Giving Square at 1601 Bryan Street. Designed by I.M. Pei and Partners the building is 192 m (630 ft) and 49 stories making it the ninth tallest building in Dallas.The building itself is based on a design using three triangles.
 Gymnothorax bathyphilus is a deepwater moray eel found in the south Pacific Ocean around Easter Island. It reaches a maximum length of about 76 centimetres. The type specimen was taken at a depth of 250 meters.
 The Wertach is a river in Bavaria southern Germany left tributary of the Lech. Its total length is 151 km. The Wertach originates in the Northern Limestone Alps in Bad Hindelang east of Sonthofen (Oberallgäu district). It flows north along the towns Wertach Nesselwang Marktoberdorf Kaufbeuren Schwabmünchen and Bobingen. The Wertach flows into the Lech (itself a tributary of the Danube) in Augsburg.
 All Saints' Church Thurgarton is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Thurgarton Norfolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an isolated position on a crossroads north of the village 6 miles (10 km) south of Cromer to the west of the A140 road.
 Scopula bullata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran (Balutchistan).The wingspan is 17-18 mm. The wings are greyish white with a yellowish sheen with yellowish grey transverse stripes.
 Qaleh-ye Amaran (Persian: قلعه عمران‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye ʿAmarān) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Rusu River is a tributary of the Valea lui Manole River in Romania.
 Melanochelys is a genus of turtles in the family Geoemydidae. Members are found in India Myanmar Bangladesh Sri Lanka and Nepal.
 John Sabatina is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He was first elected to represent the 174th legislative district on March 14 2006.
 This article relates to Bedford Hospital in England. For Bedford Hospital in South Africa please see Bedford Provincial Hospital (Eastern Cape).Bedford Hospital NHS Trust is a 400-bed district general hospital located in the English town of Bedford serving north and mid Bedfordshire.The hospital provides services to 270000 people living in north and mid Bedfordshire. It has been one of the top 40 hospitals in the UK as recognised by CHKS Ltd for the last ten years (2003–present).
 Miles to Go is an autobiography by Miley Cyrus co-written by Hilary Liftin and published by Disney Hyperion in March 2009. The memoir discusses Cyrus' relationship with her parents her thoughts on the media her love life her future ambitions and milestones she still has to reach in her life. Miles to Go reached #1 on the New York Times children’s best seller list.
 Celaenorrhinus chrysoglossa the Central Sprite is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Nigeria (the Cross River loop) Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Donkey Punch is a 2005 pornographic film directed by Grip and Cram Johnson.
 Caroline Patricia Lucas (born 9 December 1960) is a British Green Party of England and Wales politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Brighton Pavilion since 2010 and is the UK's first ever Green MP.She was previously a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for South East England from 1999 to 2010. and Leader of the Green Party from 2008 to 2012 when she stood down to devote more time to her parliamentary duties.
 Annunciation of Our Most Holy Lady Church (Latvian: Vissvētās Dievmātes Pasludināšanas pareizticīgo baznīca) is an Orthodox church in Riga the capital of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 9 Gogoļa Street.
 No Boys Allowed is the second studio album by American recording artist Keri Hilson released on December 17 2010 through Mosley Music and Zone 4 Records. On the album Hilson is reunited with Timbaland and Polow da Don who executively produced the album as they did with her debut release. Hilson also worked with several other producers and songwriters including Ne-Yo John Legend StarGate Bei Maejor and Boi-1da among others. Meanwhile Chris Brown Rick Ross J.
 The Edmondson Avenue Historic District encompasses several neighborhoods on the west side of Baltimore Maryland. The area was developed primarily between 1900 and 1940 radiating from the streetcar line that ran along Edmondson Avenue an east-west thoroughfare. It includes significant portions of the Evergreen Lawn Bridgeview/Greenlawn Rosemont and Midtown-Edmondson neighborhoods including hundreds of buildings many of them residential rowhouses.
 Destolmia lineata is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Australia.The larvae feed on Eucalyptus caesia.
 Endoclita williamsi is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from the Philippines.
 The Elbow River is a river located in southern Alberta Canada. It flows from the Canadian Rockies to the city of Calgary where it merges into the Bow River.The Elbow River is popular among canoers rafters campers and hikers and runs through several features including Allen Bill Pond Forgetmenot Pond and Elbow Falls.
 The Reformed Dutch Church of New Hurley is located on NY 208 roughly 2 miles (3.2 km) north of the hamlet of Wallkill. The current church built in the 1820s in the Greek Revival style replaced an older church on the same site that was one of the first structures built by the early settlers of the region.It is all that is left of the former hamlet of New Hurley. It has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1982.
 Dhaban is a village in Near Sangariya Hanumangarh district of Rajasthan.
 The Whale EP is a self-released EP by Wild Sweet Orange. It contains 5 songs and has a running time of 20 minutes and 20 seconds.
 The Wickham House also known as the Wickham-Valentine House or the Valentine Museum in Richmond Virginia was completed in 1812 and is considered one of the finest examples of architecture from the Federal period. It was built by John Wickham and designed by Massachusetts architect Alexander Parris. Wickham was a successful attorney who defended Vice President Aaron Burr during his trial for treason.
 Jamia Masjid is a mosque in Srinagar Jammu & Kashmir India. The Jamia Masjid of Srinagar is situated at Nowhatta in the middle of the old city. An important mosque in Srinagar it was built by Sultan Sikandar in 1400 AD. Later the son of Sultan Sikandar Zain-ul-Abidin got the mosque extended. The attractions of the Jamia Masjid of Srinagar Kashmir include beautiful Indo-Saracenic architecture a magnificent courtyard and 370 wooden pillars.
 Karl Arnold (21 March 1901 – 29 June 1958) was a German politician. He was Minister-President of North Rhine-Westphalia from 1947 to 1956. He was the first President of the Bundesrat and as such formally head of state of the Federal Republic of Germany before the election of President Theodor Heuss.
 Comin' Round The Mountain is a 1951 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello.
 Henricus is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 The Talna Mică River is a tributary of the Talna River in Romania.
 Snowshoe Lake is a T-shaped lake in the Lake Huron drainage basin in Temagami Nipissing District Ontario Canada. It is about 1400 metres (4593 ft) long and 1000 metres (3281 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 308 metres (1010 ft). The primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Wasaksina Lake which flows via intermediate lakes into Shiningwood Bay on Lake Temagami.
 Andrea LaFontaine (born 1987) is an American politician from the state of Michigan. A Republican she was elected to the Michigan State House of Representatives in 2010 representing the 32nd State House District which includes portions of northeastern Macomb County and four rural townships in St. Clair County.
 Love's Confusion (German: Verwirrung der Liebe) is an East German romantic comedy film directed by Slátan Dudow. It was released in 1959.
 Lenny is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov originally published in the January 1958 issue of Infinity Science Fiction and included in the collections The Rest of the Robots (1964) The Complete Robot (1982) and Robot Visions (1990).
 Curtitoma neymanae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Chaplin: A Life is a 2008 biography of the actor Charlie Chaplin by American psychoanalyst Stephen M. Weissman. The book examines young Chaplin's early childhood experiences and the formative role they later played in shaping his art. An ex-London street urchin Chaplin used humor to creatively transform real life boyhood experiences of homelessness into his screen character's picaresque adventures as the streetwise Little Tramp.
 Katzenbach (Neckar) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Neglected People (Oboydyonnye Обойдённые) is a 1865 novel by Nikolai Leskov.
 Wetzstein is a low mountain of Hesse Germany. It is located north of Stadtallendorf and west of Schwalmstadt.
 Emily Couric (June 5 1947 – October 18 2001) was a Virginia Democratic state senator from Charlottesville.Couric was born to Elinor (Hene) Couric a homemaker and part-time writer and John Martin Couric a public relations executive and news editor at The Atlanta Journal-Constitution and United Press International in Washington D.C.. Although her mother was Jewish Couric was raised as a Presbyterian. Couric's maternal grandparents Bert Hene and Clara L.
 Amata polidamon is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Cramer in 1779. It is found in South Africa.
 The Red and the Black is the first solo album by Jerry Harrison who rose to prominence as a member of The Modern Lovers and Talking Heads.
 While Mortals Sleep is a collection of sixteen previously unpublished short stories by Kurt Vonnegut released on January 25 2011. It is the third posthumously published Kurt Vonnegut book the first being Armageddon in Retrospect the second being Look at the Birdie. The book begins with a foreword by Dave Eggers. Illustrations by Vonnegut himself appear throughout.
 Norfolk Creek is a tributary of the Yellow River in Iowa. 8.9 miles (14.3 km) in length it rises just to the west of the city of Waukon in Union Prairie and Ludlow townships. It joins the Yellow River in Jefferson Township. It courses through entirely rural countryside much of it forested. The original name of this creek was North Fork of the Yellow River. North Fork was later corrupted in usage to Norfolk.
 The Dorint Hotel Tower is the best-known high-rise building in the German city of Augsburg and visible throughout the city. At 1072 m (158 m with the antenna) it is the highest building in the Augsburg area and among the ten highest in Bavaria. It is located at the intersection of Gögginger Straße and Imhofstraße in the borough of Göggingen. In its vicinity are the Congress Hall and Wittelsbacher Park.The building is architecturally similar to the Marina City towers in Chicago.
 Devil's Brood is a historical novel written by Sharon Kay Penman published in 2008 and is the third volume in her Plantagenet series preceded by When Christ and His Saints Slept and Time and Chance and followed by Lionheart (2011).The novel is about the last two decades in Henry II's life his imprisonment of his wife Eleanor of Aquitaine and his sons who undertake a decade-long rebellion against their father.
 Dusk and Desire (1986) is the second album (and fifth release) by electronic music artist Moev. It was the first group's album to feature Kelly Cook on bass and the last to feature Mark Jowett on electric guitar and band's co-founder Cal Stephenson on synthesizers.
 Meet the Feebles is a 1989 New Zealand black comedy film directed by Peter Jackson and written by Jackson Fran Walsh Stephen Sinclair and Danny Mulheron. It features Jim Henson-esque puppets in a perverse comic satire.Like Henson's Muppets the Feebles are animal-figured puppets (plus some people in suits) who are members of a stage troupe.
 The Basic Creek Reservoir is one of three reservoirs in the City of Albany New York's water system. The reservoir is located in Westerlo New York and was constructed from 1928-1932 by damming the Basic Creek and flooding former farmland and forest.
 Ocean of Confusion is the third 'best of' album by the Screaming Trees. The album chronicles their career from the time they signed to Epic Records until their final album Dust. The band's years on SST Records are represented on a separate earlier-released compilation Anthology: SST Years 1985-1989. The tracks on Ocean of Confusion were personally chosen by the band's lead vocalist Mark Lanegan and all other aspects of the compilation were overseen by Lanegan as well.
 Not to be confused with the smaller Cornish watercourse which shares the same name which discharges into Mount's Bay west of Marazion on Cornwall's south coast.The Red River (Cornish: Dowr Koner) is a small river in north-west Cornwall UK which issues into St Ives Bay at Godrevy on Cornwall's Atlantic coast. The Red River is approx 8 miles (13 kilometres) long and gets its name from the mineral deposits associated with tin mining which formerly coloured its water red.
 Ruby Vroom was Soul Coughing's 1994 debut album. The album's sound is a mixture of sample-based tunes (loops of Raymond Scott's Powerhouse on Bus to Beelzebub Toots and the Maytals Howlin' Wolf The Andrews Sisters and The Roches on Down to This and a loop of sampler player Mark De Gli Antoni's orchestral horns on Screenwriter's Blues among others).
 Dhurga is a 2002 Hindi film directed by J. D. Chakravarthy with Priyanka Upendra and Sayaji Shinde in prominent roles. The film is a remake of the Telugu film Soori.
 Wishes is the second studio album released by American country music artist Lari White. Released in June 1994 it contains three singles: That's My Baby Now I Know and That's How You Know (When You're in Love) all of which were Top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. The latter song also features harmony vocals from Hal Ketchum. The album itself received RIAA gold certification in the United States.
 Lake Päijänne (Finnish pronunciation: [ˈpæi(j)ænːe]) is the second largest lake in Finland (1080 km2 (266874 acres)). The lake drains into the Gulf of Finland via the Kymi River. The major islands are from north to south Vuoritsalo Muuratsalo Onkisalo Judinsalo Edessalo Taivassalo Haukkasalo Vehkasalo Mustassalo Virmailansaari and Salonsaari. The largest island is Virmailansaari. The word saari means an island.
 Fiction Family is the debut studio album by the collaboration between Switchfoot frontman and solo artist Jon Foreman and Nickel Creek guitarist and solo artist Sean Watkins. It was released January 20 2009 through the indie record label ATO Records.
 Administration and Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of public administration. The journal's editor-in-chief is Gary L. Wamsley (Virginia Tech). It was established in 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 The Covenant of the Crown is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Howard Weinstein.
 The Hired Gun is a 1957 Western film.
 Motherwell Shopping Centre is an outdoor shopping centre located in the centre of Motherwell North Lanarkshire Scotland. It is owned jointly by Chester Properties and Columbus Capital who purchased the site from previous owners CALA Properties on May 2010. The centre is known locally as Motherwell Town Centre.
 French Windows is the third solo album by Irish musician Sonny Condell. It was released in 1999 by Hummingbird Records.
 Pain Rostam (Persian: پايين رستم‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Rostam) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 26 families.
 Lardintown Run is a tributary of Bull Creek and a sub-tributary of the Allegheny River located in both Allegheny and Butler counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 Mordellistena doherty is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1917 by Maurice Pic.
 The Doctor Came at Dawn is the fifth album by Bill Callahan (also known as Smog) released in September 1996 on Drag City and re-released in Europe in 2001 by Domino. Lize features Callahan's occasional creative partner Cynthia Dall.
 Hales Corners is a village in Milwaukee County Wisconsin United States. The population was 7692 at the 2010 census.
 Zatrephes albescens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guiana and Brazil.
 Pacific Magazine was a regional news and current affairs magazine and online news agency specializing in the coverage of the Pacific Islands region including Melanesia Micronesia and Polynesia. Pacific Magazine was headquartered and published in Honolulu Hawaii.Pacific Magazine was published bi-monthly from 1976 until July 2008 when it transitioned to a completely online magazine.
 Silambattam (Tamil: சிலம்பாட்டம்) is a 2008 Indian Tamil family-action film written and directed by cinematographer-turned-director Saravanan making his directorial debut. The film stars Silambarasan Rajendar in dual roles while Sneha Sana Khan Prabhu and Kishore also play lead roles. Nedumudi Venu Raaghav Santhanam and Karunas play supporting roles with Premji Amaren in a special appearance. Yuvan Shankar Raja composed the film's background score and soundtrack.
 Author! Author! is a 1982 film directed by Arthur Hiller written by Israel Horovitz and is loosely autobiographical. It stars Al Pacino Dyan Cannon and Tuesday Weld.It concerns the familial and relationship troubles of a stressed Armenian-American Broadway writer Ivan Travalian (Pacino) as he struggles to write an original play entitled English with Tears.
 Malicorne 1 is an album by Malicorne. It is sometimes referred to as Colin because the album is called Malicorne and Colin is the first track. The absence of any rock drummer and the complexity of the sound makes it closer to folk than rock. It was recorded in 1974 and released in 1975.
 The Aberdeenshire Canal was a waterway in Aberdeenshire Scotland designed by John Rennie which ran from the port of Aberdeen to Port Elphinstone Inverurie. It opened in 1805 and closed in 1854 when it was replaced by a railway which ran along the course of the canal for most of its length.
 Chrysocercops squamosa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Malaysia (Johor and Pahang).The wingspan is 5-6.2 mm.The larvae feed on Vatica pallida and Vatica pauciflora. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a linear gallery occurring on the lower surface of the leaves. Later it changes into an interparenchymal blotch usually lying along the leaf-margin. The mining part of leaf is discoloured into brown sometimes into dark brown in matured condition.
 The Northern Chequered Skipper (Carterocephalus silvicola) is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae. It is found in Northern Europe and North and East Asia.The butterfly flies from May to June depending on the location.The larvae feed on various grasses.
 Limited Edition is a remix album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge and the first ever remix album by any Latin performer. It was produced and remixed by internationally known DJ - Producer Pablo Flores along with partner Grammy winning engineer Javier Garza[citation needed] It was released in 1991 and is currently out of print.
 Julian Vila Coma is the Permanent Representative (or ambassador) for the Principality of Andorra to the United Nations. His office was first confirmed when he presented his credentials to the Secretary-General of the United Nations on 3 May 2004.He has spoken more than once at the UN on multilateral nuclear disarmament.
 Nova is the second full-length album released by the German band Atargatis through Massacre Records on the November 2007.
 Neilburg is small village located in mid-west Saskatchewan. The local population is approximately 500 people. A grade K–12 school is located in the town that services the Neilburg area as well as grade 7–12 students from Marsden. In 1999 crop circles were discovered in a field near the town.Neilburg was named after an early settler Clifford O’Neil. The first post office was in his home and was located about one mile southeast of where the village is today.
 For the scenario on which the book is based see Kobayashi Maru.Kobayashi Maru is a Star Trek: Enterprise relaunch novel which was released on August 26 2008.
 Lovers' Post Office is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Over the Edge is a coming-of-age drama film directed by Jonathan Kaplan released in May 1979. Due to the negative publicity surrounding a wave of recent youth gang films such as The Warriors and Boulevard Nights Over the Edge had a limited theatrical release in 1979.
 Dis-moi qui tuer (English title: Tell Me Whom to Kill) is a 1965 French drama film directed by Etienne Périer. The screenplay was written by Maurice Fabre and Didier Goulard based on a novel by Henri Lapierre. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Paul Hubschmid.
 The Joshua Ward House is a historic house at 148 Washington Street in Salem Massachusetts. The three story Federal style brick house built in 1784 is one of the first brick houses in Salem. Its interior woodwoork was done by noted Salem builder and woodworker Samuel McIntire including an original staircase that is the oldest surviving staircase created by him.
 Cloud's Rider is a science fiction novel written by United States science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh and was first published by Warner Books in September 1996. It is the second of a series of two novels written by Cherryh and is set in the author's Finisterre universe. The first book in the series Rider at the Gate was published in August 1995. The series is about the descendants of lost colonists stranded many generations ago on the hostile planet of Finisterre.
 Loudspeaker Recipes: Book 1 by Vance Dickason is a detailed collection of four loudspeaker designs.
 Tragogomphus is a genus of dragonflies in family Gomphidae.The genus contains the following species:Tragogomphus aurivillii Sjöstedt 1900Tragogomphus christinae Legrand 1992Tragogomphus ellioti Legrand 2002Tragogomphus mamfei Pinhey 1961Tragogomphus tenaculatus (Fraser 1926)
 Szymanowice Małe [ʂɨmanɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ]is a village in Otwock County Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory. The population is near 150. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Sobienie-Jeziory 27 km (17 mi) south of Otwock and 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Warsaw.From 1975 to 1998 this village was in Siedlce Voivodeship.
 Golestaneh (Persian: گلستانه‎ also Romanized as Golestāneh) is a village in Margavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 555 in 81 families.
 Pir Mohammad Zahedan (Persian: پیرمحمد ‎) is a village in Corrin Rural District in the Central District of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 15 families.
 Insomnia is the soundtrack album for the 1997 Norwegian film Insomnia which was composed by ambient artist Biosphere. The tone of the album is much darker in places than Geir Jenssen's earlier work such as in the tracks Field and Quay.
 Westfield Hawthorn formerly Hawthorn Center is a shopping mall in Vernon Hills Illinois. Its four anchor stores are Carson Pirie Scott J. C. Penney Macy's and Sears. The Marshall Field's store was renamed Macy's on September 9 2006.The mall sits on land formerly occupied by the Hawthorn Mellody Dairy which was owned by the Cuneo family. Its original anchors included Lord & Taylor which closed in 1990 and sold its store to Carson Pirie Scott.
 Snushanerne is a 1936 Danish film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.
 The Emperor Jones is a 1933 film adaptation of the Eugene O'Neill play of the same title directed by Dudley Murphy featuring Paul Robeson Dudley Digges Frank H. Wilson and Fredi Washington. The screenplay was written by DuBose Heyward and filmed at Kaufman Astoria Studios with the beach scene shot at Long Beach New York. Robeson starred in the O'Neill play on stage both in the United States and England; a role that had helped launch his career.
 Volume 1 is the re-released and partially re-packed version of the first album by punk band Reagan Youth. Originally released in 1984 as Youth Anthems for the New Order the album recorded at High 5 Studios New York City from 1983-early 1984. Volume 1 contains three new tracks and several different takes of songs recorded during the Youth Anthems for the New Order sessions.
 The Nihilist is the 2014 album by New Zealand artist Liam Finn.
 Pleasant Inn also known as William F. Simmons House is a historic boarding house located at Myrtle Beach in Horry County South Carolina. It was built about 1927 and features a low two-story height; wood frame construction; tiered two-story full facade porches; side stairway leading to upstairs entrance; and rentable rooms for boarders. It also has exposed rafter ends and gable vents.
 The Beatrice Willard Alpine Tundra Research Plots were established in 1959 along Trail Ridge Road in Rocky Mountain National Park Colorado above the treeline in an alpine tundra habitat. The plots were used by Beatrice Willard of the Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research at the University of Colorado from 1959 to about 1999 in a long-term study of the alpine ecosystem.
 Hero Builder's Guidebook is an accessory for the 3rd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Everybody Has Secrets (Hangul: 누구나 비밀은 있다; RR: Nuguna bimireun itda) is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy film. It stars Lee Byung-hun Choi Ji-woo Kim Hyo-jin and Chu Sang-mi. Because it has several sex-scenes it is generally restricted to viewers under 18 or 21. Although the film wasn't a particularly big hit in South Korea it grossed $4888679 in Japan.
 Demons 2 (Italian: Dèmoni 2) is a 1986 Italian horror film directed by Lamberto Bava and co-written and produced by Dario Argento. It is a sequel to Bava's 1985 film Demons and stars David Edwin Knight Nancy Brilli Coralina Cataldi-Tassoni as well as Argento's youngest daughter Asia Argento in her debut film performance at age 10. The film was also known as Demons 2: The Nightmare Returns.
 Mary Poppins is a 1964 American musical fantasy film directed by Robert Stevenson and produced by Walt Disney with songs written and composed by the Sherman Brothers. The screenplay is by Bill Walsh and Don DaGradi loosely based on P. L. Travers' book series of the same name.
 Shanghai Noon is a year 2000 American adventure comedy western film starring Jackie Chan and Owen Wilson. The film marking the directorial debut of Tom Dey was written by Alfred Gough and Miles Millar. The film set in Nevada and other parts of the American West in the 19th century is a juxtaposition of a western with a kung fu action film with extended martial arts sequences.
 Lo chiameremo Andrea (also known as We'll Call Him Andrew) is a 1972 Italian comedy film directed by Vittorio De Sica.
 The Shafer Barn is a two-and-a-half story gambrel-roofed barn that was built in 1920 near Hoxie Kansas. It is located on County Road 50S 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of County Road 80E in West Saline Township. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.It was deemed significant as an excellent example of the gambrel roof type which was just becoming more common than gable roofs in new barns in Kansas in the 1920s for their increased capacity for hay storage.
 The Hyattsville Historic District is a residential neighborhood comprising a national historic district located in the city of Hyattsville Prince George's County Maryland. The district comprises approximately 600 structures primarily houses that exhibit late-19th and early-20th century design characteristics. The majority of residential buildings are of frame construction the older ones with foundations of brick or (rarely) fieldstone the newer of concrete.
 Training is a poem by Wilfred Owen. It deals with the atrocities of World War I.
 Bring the Thunder is the debut album from Swedish rock band Dynazty.
 East Freetown is one of two villages in the town of Freetown Bristol County Massachusetts United States. Added to the town in 1747 East Freetown was originally an outpost settlement of Tiverton Rhode Island then a part of Massachusetts. It rests on the shore of Long Pond.
 The DC Towers (also known as Donau City Towers) will be a pair of towers in Vienna's Donaucity. DC Tower 1 is complete and the first tenants moved into the offices in October 2013. Construction of DC Tower 2 will start afterwards. French architect Dominique Perrault has designed both towers.
 Urophora hoenei is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 The James Sparrow House is an excellent example of a Charleston single house in the late Federal style. It is named for a Charleston butcher who acquired the property at 65 Cannon St. in 1797. Several other butchers owned and lived in the house by 1825 when Christian David Happoldt bought the house. It remained in his family until 1907. It is a two and one-half story stuccoed brick house raised on a basement of the same material.
 Deuterostegane is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Col d'Entremont (el. 1220 metres) is a mountain pass in the Massif Central located in Auvergne France between the towns of Dienne and Murat in the Cantal department. It is located on the watershed between the basins of the River Loire and the River Dordogne.
 Monte Sissone (3330 m) is a mountain in the Bregaglia Range of the Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. Its summit is the tripoint between the Val Bregaglia (in Graubünden) Val Masino and Val Malenco (both in Lombardy)On its northern side the mountain overlooks the Forno Glacier.
 Radinacra was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Athetis.
 Melinoessa pieridaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Phillip Taylor House also known as the Pennsylvania Memorial Home is a historic home located at Brookville Jefferson County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1841 and is a two-story brick dwelling with a rear two-story addition and flanking wood frame ell in the Italian Villa-style. The main building has a hipped roof and belvedere. The front facade is 5-bays wide and features an elaborately ornamented open porch.
 The Château du Wineck is a ruined castle in the commune of Katzenthal in the Haut-Rhin département of France. It was constructed during the 13th and 14th centuries.
 La Casa de Madame Lulù is a black and white 1968 Argentine comedy.
 Bombus coreanus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.
 The Great Mosque of Raqqah (Arabic: الجامع الكبير في الرقة‎) is the oldest mosque in ar-Raqqah Syria located at the northern section of the city's heart. It has a rectangular plan (108 meters (354 ft) x 92 meters (302 ft)) with 1.7 meters (5.6 ft) thick mud brick walls fortified with semi-circular towers at the corners. The outer walls of the mosque are constructed of mud bricks supported by solid semi-circular buttress towers.
 The Ladies Man is a 2000 American comedy film that stars actor comedian and former Saturday Night Live cast member Tim Meadows. It was directed by Reginald Hudlin. The movie focuses on the exploits of radio host and sex therapy expert Leon Phelps.
 Adriatik Hotel is a hotel near Durrës Albania. This is the main tourist hotel in Durrës located on the long sandy beach to the south. It contains 60 rooms and was built during the Stalin-era.An early reference to the facilities is contained in an article written for Atlantic Monthly magazine in 1963 by the well known journalist James Cameron. By the time Philip Ward author of Albania: A Travel Guide pub. 1983 visited in 1982 each bedroom was en suite but was still basic.
 Fort DeRussy is a United States military reservation in the Waikiki area of Honolulu Hawaii under the jurisdiction of the United States Army. Unfenced and largely open to public traffic the installation consists mainly of landscaped greenspace. The former Battery Randolph now houses the U.S. Army Museum of Hawaiʻi which is open to the public. The Hale Koa Hotel an Armed Forces Recreation Center is also located on Fort DeRussy.
 Over Water is a small lake or tarn in the north of the English Lake District near the village of Longlands. Although only a fifteen-minute drive from Keswick it is quieter than many of the better-known lakes. Binsey Great Cockup and Longlands Fell overlook the lake.Over Water was a small natural waterbody which was dammed in 1904 to increase its capacity. It now serves as a drinking water reservoir to supply the town of Wigton. The dam is at the northern end.
 Broadway Nights is a 1927 American silent romantic drama film directed by Joseph C. Boyle and starring Lois Wilson and Sam Hardy. The film marked the debuts of Barbara Stanwyck and Ann Sothern who had small roles as fan dancers.
 Troublesome Night 18 is a 2003 Hong Kong horror comedy film produced by Nam Yin and directed by Jameson Lam. It is the 18th of the 19 films in the Troublesome Night film series.
 Cavalcade is a 1960 Argentine film.
 Vervegirl is a Canadian teen magazine published by Youth Culture.
 Károly Kiss (24 September 1903 - 3 December 1983) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1951 and 1952. He was member of the Communist Party of Hungary since 1922. He was imprisoned for nine years because of his illegal communist activities until 1944. After that he participated in the guerrilla movements against the fascist forces. After the ministership he served as Deputy Prime Minister.
 Đurašići is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 265 people.
 The Donner und Blitzen River is a river on the eastern Oregon high desert which drains a relatively arid basin the southern portion of Harney Basin from roughly 20 to 80 miles (30 to 130 km) south-southeast of Burns including Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. Though much of its course is marsh it offers scenic glaciated canyons unique ecosystems and exceptional wild trout fisheries.
 Epicrocis vicinella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by de Joannis in 1927. It is found in Mozambique.
 Borija (Cyrillic: Борија) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Church of the Guardian Angel is a historic church at 5614 Demel Street in Wallis Texas.It was built in 1913 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Lister is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 One Desire is a 1955 film directed by Jerry Hopper. It stars Anne Baxter and Rock Hudson
 Lake Charles is a small lake in Nova Scotia’s Halifax Regional Municipality between the communities of Dartmouth and Waverley. It is situated between Port Wallace in the south and Nova Scotia Highway 107 in the North Nova Scotia Highway 118 in the west and Nova Scotia Route 318 to the east. It is the summit of the Shubenacadie Canal where the level of the surface is 31 m above sea level. Located in the Shubenacadie watershed it ultimately feeds into the Bay of Fundy.
 Speaker for the Dead (1986) is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card and an indirect sequel to the novel Ender's Game. This book takes place around the year 5270 some 3000 years after the events in Ender's Game. However because of relativistic space travel Ender himself is only about 35 years old.This is the first book to discuss the Starways Congress a high standpoint Legislation for the human colonies.
 The International Journal of Circumpolar Health is a scholarly periodical concentrating on health issues of indigenous peoples in Arctic and Antarctic environments. Its disciplines include biomedical sciences social sciences and humanities. It is published by the International Association of Circumpolar Health Publishers with headquarters in Oulu Finland. The target audience includes researchers policy makers and practitioners.
 Primary Suspect is an action thriller and mystery film written by D.Alvelo and Marc Bienstock and directed by Jeff Celentano. The film stars William Baldwin Brigitte Bako and Lee Majors.
 The Dark Tower: The Journey Begins is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. It is the sixth comic book miniseries based on Stephen King's The Dark Tower series of novels. It is plotted by Robin Furth scripted by Peter David and illustrated by Richard Isanove and Sean Phillips. Stephen King is the Creative and Executive Director of the project. The first issue was published May 19 2010.
 Then She Found Me is a 2007 American comedy-drama film directed by Helen Hunt. The screenplay by Hunt Alice Arlen and Victor Levin is very loosely based on the 1990 novel of the same name by Elinor Lipman. The film marked Hunt's feature film directorial debut.
 Dysodia zellerii is a species of moth of the Thyrididae family.
 Coleophora serratella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Europe (except the Balkan Peninsula) Japan (Hokkaido) and North America.The wingspan is 11–14 mm. The moth flies in June depending on the location.The larvae feed on birches elms alders hazels apples Crataegus Sorbus willows Comptonia peregrina and Quercus wislizenii. They create a strongly curved youth case. The adult case is a tubular leaf case. It is trivalved and about 7 mm in length.
 Phantom Power is a 1990 album by Rick Wakeman. It was written as a modern soundtrack for a re-release of the 1925 silent film The Phantom of the Opera.
 The Masqueraders is a 1928 novel written by Georgette Heyer. It is set in Britain at a time shortly after the 1745 Jacobite Rising and is concerned with a family of escaped Jacobites.
 The Emerald Route is a travelogue by R. K. Narayan. It was published by Indian Thought Publications in 1980. It is a pseudo-travel guide for Karnataka India. The book was commissioned by the Government of Karnataka and the initial non-commercial version was published in 1977 as part of a government publication. The book is focused on local history culture and heritage and doesn't exhibit much of Narayan's characteristic personal narrative.The Emerald Route is R.K.
 Bakening (Russian: Бакенинг) (also known as Bakenin (Russian: Бакенин)) is a stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.
 Seven Ways from Sundown is a 1960 Western film about an inexperienced Texas Ranger played by Audie Murphy who is sent to bring in a dangerous if charming outlaw played by Barry Sullivan. It is based on the novel of the same name by Clair Huffaker who also wrote the script. Young cast member Teddy Rooney is the son of actors Mickey Rooney and Martha Vickers.
 Primer is the sixth studio album by the a cappella group Rockapella and marks their North American debut. Its track list was intended to represent the band's live show at the time and was recorded 99% live-in-studio over the course of two days at Sonalysts Studios in Connecticut with the exception of the bonus track Shambala which was recorded prior to the Sonalysts sessions.
 George Duncan Hastie McMillan Jr. (born October 11 1943) is an American Democratic politician who served as the 23rd Lieutenant Governor of Alabama from 1979 to 1983. In 1989 he founded the City Stages music festival in downtown Birmingham Alabama.
 The Pindus (also Pindos or Pindhos) (Greek: Πίνδος) mountain range is located in northern Greece and southern Albania. It is roughly 160 km long with a maximum elevation of 2637 m (Mount Smolikas). Because it runs along the border of Thessaly and Epirus the Pindus range is often called the spine of Greece.
 Iglesia de Santa María (Oviedo) is a defunct church in Oviedo Asturias Spain. The church had three altars the leading dedicated to the Virgin Mary and the two minors engaged to San Esteban and San Julián.
 Ptychoglene erythrophora is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Felder in 1874. It is found in Mexico.
 Saint George and the Dragon is a book written by Margaret Hodges and illustrated by Trina Schart Hyman. Released by Little Brown it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1985. The text is adapted from Edmund Spenser's epic poem The Faerie Queene.
 In Spite of Thunder first published in 1960 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr which features Carr's series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a locked room mystery (or more accurately a subset of that type known as an impossible crime).
 Woodward Houses are two historic homes located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. The house at 701 West Street was built about 1745 and is a 3 1/2-story three bay quarried granite dwelling with a gable roof. It has an L-shaped side-hall plan. The house at 703 West Street was built about 1760 and is a 3 1/2-story three-bay stuccoed stone dwelling with a gable roof. It is three feet shorter in both length and width than 701.
 Pyrgocythara albovittata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 St. Peter's Church is in West Bend Wisconsin. It is located at 1010 Newark Drive. On June 30 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance.
 This is PiL is the ninth studio album by Public Image Ltd or tenth including Commercial Zone. Their first studio album in 20 years it was released on 28 May 2012 on band's own label PiL Official. A limited deluxe edition of the album was released with a live DVD entitled There is a PiL in Heaven.
 The National Science and Technology Museum (NSTM; Chinese: 國立科學工藝博物館; pinyin: Guólì Kēxué Gōngyì Bówùguǎn) is a museum of applied science and technology in Kaohsiung Taiwan.Established in November 1997 is covers 19 hectares on Chiuju Road in Sanmin District.
 William Ross Bulloch (June 7 1884 – June 19 1954) was a Canadian politician. He was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.
 Pawan River is a major river of West Kalimantan Indonesia. It has a length of 197 kilometres (122 mi). Tributaries include the Keriau River.
 Joseph Parsons Comegys (December 29 1813 – February 1 1893) was a lawyer and politician from Dover in Kent County Delaware. He was a member of the Whig Party and later the Democratic Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly as a U.S. Senator from Delaware and later as the Chief Justice of the Delaware Supreme Court.
 Heartwell is a village in Kearney County Nebraska United States. It is part of the Kearney Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 71 at the 2010 census.
 Gymnelia semicincta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kaye in 1910. It is found in Colombia.
 Kotunia [kɔˈtuɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Słupca and 67 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Pit Sara (Persian: پيت سرا‎ also Romanized as Pīt Sarā; also known as Pītsareh and Pīt Sūreh) is a village in Rastupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 28 families.
 Naqdi Kandi (Persian: نقدي كندي‎ also Romanized as Naqdī Kandī; also known as Nogdi Kandī) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 24 families.
 Rocallarga is a mountain of the Guilleries Massif Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1186.5 metres above sea level.
 Out of the Dark is an alien invasion science fiction novel by David Weber released by Tor Books on September 28 2010. This novel is an extended version of the short story of the same name in the 2010 anthology Warriors.
 The Șoimu River is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania.
 Late shri Gauri Shanker Pandey (गौरी शंकर पाण्डेय) was a veteran Indian politician and a former Minister of Bihar. He represented Bettiah constituency in Bihar assembly and served various ministerial portfolios.He was a very popular leader of Congress and even leaders from opposition party respected him for his social services simplicity and honesty. After retiring from active politics he remained in his home village Baithania (near Bettiah) for the rest of his life serving his people.
 Ascalenia pulverata is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 British Bangladeshi Who's Who is an annual publication highlighting the accomplishments contributions and achievements of successful British Bangladeshis. It was established in 2008 and also holds an annual award ceremony in London England.
 Parking (simplified Chinese: 停车; traditional Chinese: 停車; pinyin: Tíngchē) is a 2008 Taiwanese movie.
 Krzywystok [kʂɨˈvɨstɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Komarów-Osada 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Zamość and 91 km (57 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 María Corina Porro Martínez (born 1 December 1953) is a Spanish politician. she was a member of the Vigo local government with the Galician People's Party between 1995 and 1999. She was Chief Director of Social Services between 1999 and 2001. She became a deputy in the Parliament of Galicia and Councillor of Social Services in the 2002-2003 period.
 The Rat is a 1937 British drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Anton Walbrook Ruth Chatterton and René Ray. It is based on the play The Rat by Ivor Novello which had previously been made into a 1925 film The Rat starring Novello. It was made at Denham Studios by Herbert Wilcox Productions.
 Men Against the Arctic is a 1955 American short documentary film directed by Winston Hibler. It won an Academy Award in 1956 for Documentary Short Subject. It was also entered into the 6th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Sherif Halil Pasha Mosque (Bulgarian: Томбул джамия Turkish: Tombul Camii) more commonly known as the Tombul (or Tumbul) Mosque located in Shumen is the largest mosque in Bulgaria and among the largest on the Balkans.
 The Cook Landing Site in Waimea on Kauaʻi island in Hawaii is where Captain James Cook landed at the mouth of the Waimea River on January 20 1778. Cook was the first European reported to have sighted the Hawaiian Islands and the January 20 landfall on southwestern Kauaʻi was his first arrival upon Hawaiian soil.
 Lucas County Commissioner Pete Gerken took office in January 2005 after the voters of Lucas County Ohio elected him to a four-year term. Pete Gerken began his career in public service in 1996 when he was appointed to an At-Large seat on Toledo City Council.
 Challenger is a Star Trek: New Earth novel written by Diane Carey.In Voyages of Imagination Diane Carey remarked on leaving ending open for a new series: The new 'sheriff' in these parts was Nick Keller a first officer plagued with an unstable captain who was forced to take over a ship and dispossess his captain in order to save his ship and mission. The idea was for Kirk to leave Keller in the wilderness to be the Starfleet law enforcement force in the unstable Belle Terre system.
 The Olive Thrush (Turdus olivaceus) is in its range one of the most common members of the thrush family (Turdidae). It occurs in east African highlands from Eritrea and Ethiopia in north to the Cape of Good Hope in south. It is a bird of forest and woodland but has - locally - adapted to parks and large gardens in suburban areas.It can reach a length of 24 cm and a mass of at least 101 grams. The tail and the upperparts are coloured dull olive brown.
 Faith of the Fallen is the sixth book in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth.
 Tani Masayuki (谷正之) (2 September 1889 - 16 October 1962) was a Japanese diplomat and politician who was briefly foreign minister of Japan from September 1942 and 21 April 1943 during World War II.
 Jennifer Government is a novel written by Max Barry. Published in 2003 it is Barry's second novel following 1999's Syrup. The novel is set in a dystopian alternate reality in which most nations (now controlled by the United States) are dominated by for-profit corporate entities while the government's political power is extremely limited. Some readers consider it similar in satiric intent to George Orwell's 1984 but of a world with too little political power as opposed to too much.
 Luleh Daraq-e Hajj Najaf (Persian: لوله درق حاج نجف‎ also Romanized as Lūleh Daraq-e Ḩājj Najaf; also known as Lūleh Darreh) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 424 in 91 families.
 Freedom and the Law is the most important book written by Italian jurist and philosopher Bruno Leoni. It was first published in 1961 and the 3rd edition is now made widely available through the Internet by the Online Library of Liberty [1] with permission of the George Mason University.In this book Leoni contended that the greatest obstacle to the Rule of Law is the problem of overlegislation.
 Kattathur (North) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Quelle drôle de gosse! (aka: Mad Girl) is a 1935 French comedy drama film directed by Léo Joannon and written by Yves Mirande. The music score is by Jean Lenoir and Georges van Parys. It tells the story of a young secretary who falls in love with a wealthy young man after unrequited love with her boss boss.
 The Geus River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Ångardsvatnet is a lake in Storlidalen a part of Lønset parishes in Oppdal (Norway).
 The Barra Mansa River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lana Gordon (born August 20 1950) is an American politician who has served as the Kansas Secretary of Labor under the administration of Governor Sam Brownback since 2012. A member of the Republican Party Gordon served as a member of the Kansas House of Representatives representing the 52nd district from 2001 to 2012.
 Michael Joseph Morell (born September 4 1958) was the deputy director of the Central Intelligence Agency and served as acting director twice in 2011 and from 2012 to 2013. Morell retired from his post on August 9 2013 to devote more time to his family and to pursue other professional opportunities. As of 2014 Morell is CBS News' Senior Security Correspondent.
 Field Marshal Mohammed Aly Fahmy (11 October 1920 – 11 September 1999) graduated from the Egyptian Military Academy in November 1939.
 John Melcher (born September 6 1924) is an American politician of the Democratic Party who represented Montana as a member of the United States House of Representatives and as a United States Senator from 1977 until 1989.
 L'Express (literally The Express) is a Swiss regional French-language daily newspaper published in Neuchâtel. Founded in 1738 it is the [citation needed]The newspaper is published by Société Neuchâteloise de Presse SA which also publishes the French-language daily newspaper L'Impartial (English: The Impartial) in La Chaux-de-Fonds.
 Dame Ivy Leona Dumont DCMG (born October 2 1930) was the sixth Governor-General of the Bahamas. She was a Bahamian hero.She was the first woman in the Bahamas to hold this office from January 1 2002 (on an acting basis since November 13 2001) until November 30 2005. She previously served as Education Minister from 1995 to 2001.
 Foundations and Trends in Technology Information and Operations Management is a journal published by Now Publishers. It publishes survey and tutorial articles on all aspects of technology information and operations management. The editor-in-chief is Charles Corbett (The Anderson School of Management).
 Ramadani Baki (born 1943) was Chief Minister of Zanzibar from 21 February 1983 to 6 February 1984.
 Gordon Henry Alexander Gord Mackintosh (born July 7 1955) is a politician in Manitoba Canada. He is currently a cabinet minister in the New Democratic Party government of Greg Selinger.Mackintosh was born in Fort Frances Ontario and was educated at the University of Manitoba.
 Argynnis sagana is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
 Litychowo [litɨˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Bytoń 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Radziejów and 50 km (31 mi) south of Toruń.
 Hoplocorypha salfii is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia and Somalia.
 Helen Hong Hui Bullock (born 16 May 1965) is a Chinese-born Australian politician.Born in China Bullock arrived in Western Australia on 28 January 1991. She was an accountant before entering politics holding a Bachelor of Commerce and a Postgraduate Diploma in Business. In 2008 she was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council as a Labor Party member representing Mining and Pastoral Region. Her term commenced on 22 May 2009.
 The Vermelho River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The 142nd Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This date was January 7 2003 which was two weeks before the beginning of the third administrative year of Democratic Governor Ruth Ann Minner from Kent County and Democratic Lieutenant Governor John C.
 The Champ is an album by Jimmy Smith. It was recorded in New York City in 1956 and is an early example of hard bop jazz. Smith performs alone on this album.The Champ was re-released to CD by EMI Music Group in 2005.
 Eram Sadat (Persian: ارم سادات‎ also Romanized as Eram Sādāt) is a village in Ziabar Rural District in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 72 families.
 Pío Cabanillas Gallas (13 November 1923 – 10 October 1991) was a Spanish jurist and politician who held different cabinet posts and served as a deputy in the European Parliament.
 The Mulobozi River is a stream in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo that flows through the Marungu highlands from the west into Lake Tanganyika just to the north of Moba port.The riparian forest patches along its course are in great danger of destruction from logging and from stream bank erosion by cattle. The mollusk Tomichia guillemei inhabits Mulobozi and lives on muddy river deltas in Lake Tanganyika.
 Evidence as to Man's Place in Nature is an 1863 book by Thomas Henry Huxley in which he gives evidence for the evolution of man and apes from a common ancestor. It was the first book devoted to the topic of human evolution and discussed much of the anatomical and other evidence. Backed by this evidence the book proposed to a wide readership that evolution applied as fully to man as to all other life.
 The Toplița River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 'Live at Looney Tunes' is a live album by the American metalcore band From Autumn to Ashes. It was released on June 17 2008. It was recorded at Looney Tunes record store in Long Island NY in January 2008 and mixed by Brian McTernan.
 Wijesinghe Jayaweera Mudiyanselage Lokubandara (Sinhala:විජෙසිංහ ජයවීර මුදියන්සේලාගේ ලොකුබණඩාර) commonly known as W. J. M. Lokubandara is the current Governor of Sabaragamuwa Province and former Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka. He is a lawyer by profession and is also an author of several books and a song writer. Lokubandara has held several ministries in the government of Sri Lanka before his appointment as the Speaker of the House.
 Perkiomen Bridge Hotel also known as Lane's Hotel is a historic hotel complex located adjacent to the Perkiomen Bridge at Collegeville Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The original building was built about 1706 (some sources say 1689) with later expansions in the 18th 19th and 20th centuries. It consists of a c. 1800 three-story six bay gable roofed stuccoed brownstone building with two-story porches and a low gable roofed wing that is likely the oldest portion.
 The Co-Cathedral of Saint-Antoine-de-Padoue (French: Co-cathédrale Saint-Antoine-de-Padoue) is a co-cathedral in Longueuil Quebec Canada on Montreal's south shore. It is located on the corner of Rue Saint-Charles and Chemin Chambly in the Borough of Le Vieux-Longueuil. It is dedicated to St. Anthony of Padua. The cathedral houses the remains of the Blessed Marie-Rose Durocher the foundress of the Sisters of the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary.Its episcopal region is Longueuil-Nord.
 James Armor House is a historic home located near Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It is a 2 1/2-story stuccoed stone and frame dwelling that was constructed in three major building phases. It consists of a two-story stone rear wing dating to about 1804 a two-and-a-half story vernacular Italianate style stone main block built about 1850 and two-story Colonial Revival style frame wing built in the 1930s.
 Karkikhan (Persian: كركيخان‎ also Romanized as Karkīkhān and Karkīn Khān) is a village in Gudarzi Rural District Oshtorinan District Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1713 in 440 families.
 Praful Khoda Patel is a Member of Legislative assembly from Himatnagar constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
 Lena C. Taylor (born July 25 1966) is a Democratic member of the Wisconsin Senate representing the 4th District since 2005 and formerly served as the co-chair of the powerful Joint Committee on Finance. She previously served in the Wisconsin Assembly representing the 18th District from 2003 through 2005.
 Evolution is the second album by session guitarist Dennis Coffey.
 The Tale of One Bad Rat is a 4-issue comic book limited series by Bryan Talbot. It was first published by Dark Horse Comics in 1994 and later brought out in a collected edition. The story is about a victim of child abuse. It makes heavy reference to the works of Beatrix Potter.One Bad Rat is the most mainstream of Talbot's works and is drawn in a simple naturalistic style with painted colours.
 Eilema iuniformis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Burma.
 Dreamboat is a 1952 comedy film starring Clifton Webb as a college professor with a mysterious past.
 Buffalo Creek is a tributary of the Guyandotte River 18.8 miles (30.3 km) long in southern West Virginia in the United States. Via the Guyandotte and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 45 square miles (120 km2) in the Logan Coalfield. The creek was the site of the Buffalo Creek Flood in 1972.Buffalo Creek's entire course and drainage area are in eastern Logan County.
 Billboard Hot R&B Hits: 1986 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1995 featuring 10 hit rhythm and blues recordings from 1986.All tracks on the album were hits on Billboard's Hot Black Singles chart. In addition several of the songs were mainstream hits charting on the Billboard Hot 100 during 1986 and early 1987. Two of those mainstream hits — There'll Be Sad Songs (To Make You Cry) by Billy Ocean and Shake You Down by Gregory Abbott — reached number one on the Hot 100.
 Located in Baltimore Maryland Contemporary Museum was a museum specializing in contemporary art founded in 1989 by George Ciscle. During its first decade the Contemporary had no fixed home but instead was dedicated to redefining the concept of the museum.
 Frankenchrist is the third album released by the American hardcore punk band Dead Kennedys in 1985 on Alternative Tentacles.The album is an example of the progressive psychedelic side of Dead Kennedys' musical personality. The spaghetti western soundtrack influence is also noticeable in the horn parts and in East Bay Ray's atmospheric guitar work. Frankenchrist is noted for its relative lack of traditionally 'hardcore' material.
 Milano: il clan dei calabresi (internationally released as The Last Desperate Hours) is a 1974 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Giorgio Stegani.
 Anillodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Anillodes affabilis (Brues 1902) Anillodes debilis (Leconte 1853) Anillodes depressus (Jeannel 1963) Anillodes minutus Jeannel 1963 Anillodes sinuatus Jeannel 1963 Anillodes walkeri Jeannel 1963↑
 Deep Cuts is a compilation album by the Canadian hard rock band Helix. It is their 12th official release and their third compilation album. It collects music from both their early indi career as well as their catalogue with Capitol Records and rare tracks.
 Kadhalan is the soundtrack to the 1994 Tamil film of the same name directed by Shankar. The soundtrack released as Kadhalan: The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack features 9 songs composed by A. R. Rahman and lyrics penned by Vairamuthu Vaali Shankar and Thirikudarasappa Kavirayar. Owing to the immense national popularity of the song Mukkabla the soundtrack was subsequently dubbed in Hindi as Humse Hai Muqabala and in Telugu as Premikudu. Lyrics for this versions were written by P. K.
 Tamás Bauer (born May 6 1946) is a Hungarian economist politician and member of the National Assembly (MP) from June 28 1994 to May 14 2002. His research areas are the Eastern European planned economies.
 Miguel Díaz de la Portilla (born January 30 1963) is a Republican member of the Florida Senate representing the 40th District which includes western Miami-Dade County since 2012.
 Closed Circuit is a 2013 British-American crime thriller film directed by John Crowley and written by Steven Knight released on August 28 2013. The film stars Eric Bana Rebecca Hall Ciarán Hinds Jim Broadbent and Riz Ahmed.
 Whitneyville Congregational Church now the Whitneyville United Church of Christ is a historic Congregational Church at 1247-1253 Whitney Avenue in the Whitneyville section of Hamden Connecticut. The church building was designed by Rufus G. Russell in Greek Revival style and was built in 1834. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The congregation is now affiliated with the United Church of Christ (UCC).
 The Capture published in 1997 and written by K.A. Applegate is the sixth book in the Animorphs series. It is narrated by Jake. The Capture is due to be re-released by Scholastic in March 2012.
 For the Park Plaza Hotel Leeds UK see Park Plaza Hotel LeedsThe Boston Park Plaza is a former Statler Hotel in Boston Massachusetts opened on March 10 1927 built by hotelier E.M. Statler. A prototype of the grand American hotel it was called a city within a city.
 The William C. Mooney House also known as the Mooney Mansion is located at 122 North Paul Street in Woodsfield Ohio. The house was placed on the National Register on 1982-03-15.
 The Great Mother: An Analysis of the Archetype (German: Die große Mutter) is a book by Erich Neumann first published in English in 1955. The work has been seen as an enduring contribution to Jungian thought.
 Wai Notes is the name of a 2007 album by Dawn McCarthy and Bonnie 'Prince' Billy credited here as Bonny Billy. It is a collection of demo songs for The Letting Go released in 2006. The album comprises recordings on tapes exchanged between Will Oldham and Dawn McCarthy through the mail prior to recording The Letting Go. It is now out of print as only 10000 copies were duplicated.
 The Errinundra River is a perennial river of the Bemm River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Forever Evil is a 2013–2014 crossover event published by DC Comics that began in September 2013 consisting of an eponymous central miniseries written by Geoff Johns and art by David Finch. It is the first line wide crossover since The New 52 reboot of their shared fictional universe and focuses on all the villains of the DC Universe. The miniseries spins out of the events in Trinity War.
 The Pointe de la Galoppaz elevation 1681 metres (5515 ft) is a mountain in the Bauges Massif in Savoie France.
 Lady Boss is a 1990 novel written by Jackie Collins and is the third in The Santangelo Novels series.The novel was adapted as a TV movie miniseries in 1992 starring Kim Delaney in the title role of Lucky Santangelo. Co-stars include Jack Scalia Yvette Mimieux Joan Rivers Beth Toussaint Alan Rachins Vanity and John Randolph.
 Sasserides is the remains of a lunar crater in the southern part of the Moon. It is located less than one crater diameter to the north of the prominent crater Tycho and west of Orontius. To the north is Ball.This formation has been so battered and ruined by impacts that it is scarcely recognizable as a crater. Only a short section of the rim along the southwest side survives with the remainder overlaid or modified by impacts of various dimensions.
 Brzeście [ˈbʐɛɕt͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Radków 19 km (12 mi) south of Włoszczowa and 55 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 119.
 The Indian glassy fish Parambassis ranga is a species of freshwater fish in the Asiatic glassfish family Ambassidae of order Perciformes. It is native to an area of South Asia from Pakistan to Malaysia.The Indian glassy fish has a striking transparent body revealing its bones and internal organs; the male develops a dark edge to the dorsal fin.
 The Evil Eye is an extant 1917 silent film drama produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by George Melford and stars Blanche Sweet. A copy is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Family Tree is a 2007 compilation album of home recordings by English singer/songwriter Nick Drake. The album is notable for the appearance of Nick's sister Gabrielle on one track and the contribution of two original songs performed by Nick's mother Molly Drake. Recorded before the release of his first album Five Leaves Left most of the tracks on the album circulated on bootlegs in the years before official release due to the generosity of Drake's family in sharing them with fans.
 Sanctuary is a re-mixable science fiction film which in 2005 became the first production to sign professional union actors to Creative Commons licensing terms. It is set in Head Bin a fiction universe created by MOD Films for their remixable movie experiment.The film was completed in 2009. Most production assets including principal photography shot on 35mm film and digitised have been cleared for free-for-non-commercial use.
 Paralongidorus maximus is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 The Damned is a 1969 Italian-German drama film written and directed by Luchino Visconti.The Damned has often been regarded as the first of Visconti's films described as The German Trilogy followed by Death in Venice (1971) and Ludwig (1973). Author Henry Bacon in his book Visconti: Explorations of Beauty and Decay (1998) specifically categorizes these films together under a chapter Visconti & Germany.
 Jenny Marra (born 6 November 1977) is a Scottish Labour Party Member of the Scottish Parliament representing the North East Scotland electoral region. She is Shadow Minister for Youth Employment and Shadow Deputy Finance Minister.Born in Dundee in 1977 she attended St John's High School before going to study history at St Andrews University where she won a scholarship to Emory University in Atlanta Georgia.
 William Blaine Bill Richardson III (born November 15 1947) is an American politician who was 30th Governor of New Mexico from 2003 to 2011. He was U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations and Energy Secretary in the Clinton administration and has also served as a U.S. Congressman chairman of the 2004 Democratic National Convention and chairman of the Democratic Governors Association.
 The Inscrutable Americans is a 1991 novel by Anurag Mathur. Tri-Color Communications adapted the book into a film in 1999.
 The Pârâul Ruginilor is a tributary of the Domesnic River in Romania.
 Milford Lake is the largest man-made lake in Kansas with 15700 acres (64 km2) of water. Over 33000 acres (130 km2) of land resources are managed for quality recreational experiences as well as for protection of the project’s natural and cultural resources. Approximately 70% of the land resources are available for public hunting.
 MGen Robert Bob Ringma (born 30 June 1928) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 to 1997. By career he was a soldier for the Canadian Forces.Born in Richmond British Columbia Ringma served in the Canadian Forces serving during the Korean War. He attained the rank of Major General before leaving the military in 1983.
 The Cathedral Church of Saint Peter the Apostle is the seat of the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jackson Mississippi. The cathedral is named for Saint Peter the Apostle.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād and ‘Aliābād) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cephalotes solidus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Mohammad (Persian: تلمبه سيدمحمد‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Seyyed Moḩammad) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District Negin Kavir District Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 28 families.
 Coral Castle is a stone structure created by the Latvian American eccentric Edward Leedskalnin (1887–1951) north of the city of Homestead Florida in Miami-Dade County at the intersection of South Dixie Highway (U.S. 1) and SW 157th Avenue. The structure comprises numerous megalithic stones (mostly limestone formed from coral) each weighing several tons. It currently serves as a privately operated tourist attraction.
 Meet the People (1944) is a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer musical film made during World War II and starring Lucille Ball and Dick Powell and featuring Virginia O'Brien Bert Lahr Rags Ragland and June Allyson. The film takes its title from a successful Los Angeles stage revue which ran on Broadway from December 25 1940 to May 10 1941. Vaughn Monroe and his orchestra Spike Jones and his City Slickers and Virginia O'Brien were also in the original stage cast.
 Catch Us If You Can (1965) (released with the title Having a Wild Weekend in the U.S.) was the feature-film debut of director John Boorman. It was designed as a vehicle for pop band The Dave Clark Five whose popularity at the time almost rivaled that of The Beatles and named after their hit song Catch Us If You Can.
 Energy is the fifth studio album by The Pointer Sisters released in 1978 on the Planet label.
 Reginald Tate (born September 14 1954) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Tennessee Senate for the 33rd district which encompasses part of Shelby County.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Crosscanonby is in the village of Crosscanonby Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Solway the archdeaconry of West Cumberland and the diocese of Carlisle. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Marie Antoinette is a 2006 historical comedy-drama film written and directed by Sofia Coppola. It is very loosely based on the life of the Queen in the years leading up to the French Revolution. It won an Academy Award for Best Costume Design. It was released in the United States on October 20 2006 by Columbia Pictures. The film has since gained a cult following.[citation needed]
 Elsewhere: An Anthology of Incredible Places is the third short story anthology published by the Canberra Speculative Fiction Guild. Printed in 2003 and edited by Michael Barry it contains stories from several Australian speculative fiction authors.
 Buzz is the third studio album by British pop group Steps released on 25 October 2000. It reached number four on the UK Albums Chart. The album saw the group edging away from the PWL sound to a more mature sound working with producers from Sweden and songwriters such as Cyndi Lauper. This more mature sound was also echoed in the new material from Gold:Greatest Hits.Each of the five group members co-wrote a track on the album each in turn had a chance to have lead vocals in one whole track.
 Lower Redwater Lake is a freshwater lake in the municipality of Temagami of Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is located near the settlement of Redwater.
 Naomi Kate Wynn Wilson (born 27 January 1940) is a former teacher and Australian politician.
 The Palace of Moncloa or Moncloa Palace (Spanish: Palacio de la Moncloa) located in the Ciudad Universitaria (University City) ward of Madrid (part of Moncloa-Aravaca district) has been the official residence for the Prime Minister of Spain since 1977 when Adolfo Suárez moved the residence from the Palace of Villamejor on the Paseo de la Castellana (currently the seat of the Ministry of Territorial Policy).
 Luis Alberto Félix Sánchez Sánchez (* Lima October 12 1900 - Lima February 6 1994) was a Peruvian lawyer jurist philosopher historian writer and politician. A historic member of the Peruvian Aprista Party he became a Senator and member of two Constitutional Assembly's in which the second one (1978-1980) he occupied the Vice-Presidency of the Assembly and the Presidency of the Constitution Committee.
 The Silhouette is the second studio album by gothic/doom metal band Ava Inferi. It was released on Season of Mist on 15 October 2007.
 The Watan News (Arabic: وطن نيوز‎) is an online Jordanian news agency.
 Duplex aarviki is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from north and north-west Sumatra southern West Malaysia and south-western Thailand.Adults have been found in February June and July suggesting multiple generations per year. The habitat consists of lowland forests.The wingspan is 7.5-9.5 mm. The forewing is relatively narrow with a bright ovoid yellow reniform stigma. All crosslines are present and black.
 Tutti Frutti is a BBC Scotland six part drama series transmitted in 1987 and written by John Byrne. It starred Robbie Coltrane Emma Thompson Maurice Roëves Richard Wilson and Katy Murphy. It brought many of the cast to national prominence.
 Signs of Life is the debut album by the Finnish alternative rock band Poets of the Fall. It was released on 19 January 2005 and debuted at number-one on the Finnish charts. The album was certified platinum on 26 April 2006 and remained in the Top 40 for more than one year (56 weeks). The album was released on the iTunes Music Shop in Finland Norway Denmark and Sweden in August 2005. It was released on iTunes for worldwide purchase on 12 April 2008.
 North Hanover Mall is a shopping mall in Hanover Pennsylvania. It is anchored by J.C. Penney Dick's Sporting Goods and Sears and is managed by Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT).
 Joseph 'Joe' Anderson OBE (born 1958) is a British Labour Party politician who is the first directly elected mayor of Liverpool having been elected with 57% of the vote on 3 May 2012. He previously served as leader of Liverpool City Council from the 2010 Council election until the 2012 Mayoral election. He is the first Labour Leader of the Council since 1998 the same year he was first elected as a Councillor.
 Suribong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1019 metres.
 After the Devastation is an album by Leaether Strip. It has two CDs and is the comeback album for Leaether Strip after a five-year hiatus.Some editions of the album included the bonus EP ÆFTERSHOCK.
 Borowskie Skórki [bɔˈrɔfskʲɛ ˈskurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Turośń Kościelna and 19 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 I Know I've Been Changed was the first major successful play from famed Gospel playwright Tyler Perry. The play focuses on critical issues including child abuse and rape and how they are overcome by a strong belief in God.Soul musician Ryan Shaw got his start performing in this play in 1998. The play received its first staging in Atlanta in 1992.
 The Red Rover is a novel by American writer James Fenimore Cooper originally published in Paris on November 27 1827. It was published in London 3 days later on November 30 and was not published in the United States until January 9 1828 in Philadelphia. Soon after its publication it was adapted for theater both in the United States and in England.
 The Citizen is a tabloid-style newspaper distributed nationally in South Africa. While its core readership is mainly in Gauteng the economic powerhouse of the country it also distributes to surrounding provinces such as Mpumalanga Limpopo and the North West. It also publishes a special KwaZulu Natal edition daily. In 1998 The Citizen was acquired by CTP/Caxton. Its core readership is black middle-class men.
 Heliocheilus eodora is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales the Northern Territory Queensland South Australia and Western Australia. Larvae have been recorded on the seedheads of Eulalia aurea.
 Komarov is a lunar crater that lies across the southeastern edge of Mare Moscoviense on the northern hemisphere of the far side of the Moon. It is a complex feature with an irregular appearance.The northern rim of Komarov bulges outwards into the mare giving the crater a pear shape. The regions around the northeastern and southern rims are rugged and uneven and the crater floor in between has been resurfaced by lava flows that have completely submerged the western third of the interior.
 Fun Fare; a Treasury of Reader's Digest Wit and Humor is a best-selling publication of Reader's Digest. The original 1949 edition was produced in collaboration with Bob Hope. The original edition of Fun Fare comprised 300 pages of short comic stories illustrated in color by cartoonist Robert James Day signed on the cover as Robt Day. The book was still one of the best selling general titles three years later in 1952.
 St. John's Metropolitan Community Church is a Christian church catering to the LGBT (Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender) population in Raleigh North Carolina United States. The church is a member congregation of the Metropolitan Community Church (MCC) a worldwide fellowship of LGBT-affirming churches. St. John's is also affiliated with the North Carolina Council of Churches and the Raleigh Religious Network for Lesbian and Gay Equality (RRNLGE).
 Pseudalus strigatus is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru.
 Harry Choate Foster (August 27 1871 – March 5 1917) was an American politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts General Court and as mayor of Gloucester Massachusetts. He was expelled from the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1916 for conduct unbecoming a member of the General Court after he collected money from people interested in pending legislation.
 Scoparia claranota is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Howes in 1946. It is found in New Zealand.
 Alveda Celeste King (born January 22 1951) is an NAACP member American civil rights activist Christian minister conservative pro-life activist and author. She is a niece of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. and daughter of civil rights activist Rev. A. D. King and his wife Naomi Barber King. She is the full-time Pastoral Associate of African-American Outreach for the Roman Catholic pro-life group Priests for Life.
 Mordellistena horni is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1927 by Maurice Pic.
 Ateneria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Kinksize Session is the first EP released by The Kinks in the UK in 1964 a month after their debut LP.
 Coral Ridge Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall located just south of Interstate 80 in Coralville Iowa. The mall's primary trade area includes Iowa City Cedar Rapids and other parts of eastern Iowa. It is managed by General Growth Properties.The mall has a total floor area of 1187097 square feet (110285 m2) with a gross leasable area of 979415 square feet (90991 m2).
 Rubber Hair is a studio album by Kramer and Daved Hild released in 1997 through Shimmy Disc.
 Anne B. Real is a 2003 dramatic coming-of-age film by Lisa France and Luis Moro starring David Zayas Carlos Leon Janice Richardson Jackie Quinones Eric Smith Geronimo Frias Jr Ernie Hudson Nesta Ward and Sherri Saum.
 El Hombre virgen is a 1956 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.
 The Tawatahi River is a short river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows into the northern shore of Raglan Harbour.The headwaters are listed as worthy of preservation for their geology - New Katuku Trig / Pukewharangi Hill Oligocene fossil locality
 Walter Evans (September 18 1842 - December 30 1923) was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky nephew of Burwell Clark Ritter.
 Acraea bergeri is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Uganda.
 A Quantum Murder is a novel by Peter F. Hamilton. It is the second book in the Greg Mandel trilogy between Mindstar Rising and The Nano Flower.
 The Saddlehorn Caretaker's House and Garage also known as the Stone House the Rock House and the Superintendent's Quarters is a house in Colorado National Monument. The National Park Service Rustic house was designed in 1934 by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs and built in several phases by the Works Progress Administration and the Civilian Conservation Corps using native red sandstone in a coursed ashlar pattern.
 A Flower of Evil (Hangul: 악의 꽃; RR: Akui ggot) is a 1961 South Korean horror film directed and produced by Lee Yong-min.
 The Harry S. Truman Farm Home also known as the Solomon Young Farm was the residence of future US president Harry S. Truman from 1906 to 1917. The house is part of Harry S. Truman National Historic Site.The Truman Farm Home is located 15 miles (24 km) away from Independence in Grandview Missouri.
 Dr. Ildikó Bene (formerly Dr. Ildikó Jánosi-Bene; born August 21 1962) is a Hungarian physician internist and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Szolnok (Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County Constituency IV) since 2010. She is a member of the Committee on Youth Social Family and Housing Affairs and Committee on Health since May 14 2010. Bene also serves as Deputy Chairman of the Committee on Health since February 14 2011.
 & Then Boom is the debut studio album by American new wave band Iglu & Hartly. It was released on September 29 2008.
 Restaurant De Kersentuin is a restaurant located in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1985-1992.Gault Millau awarded the restaurant 13 out of 20 points.The restaurant was famous not only because of the Michelin star but also because it belonged to the front runners of the nouvelle cuisine.
 The Nigerian Tribune is an English-language newspaper published in Ibadan in Nigeria.It was established in 1949 by Obafemi Awolowo and is the oldest surviving private Nigerian newspaper.In the colonial era the newspaper served as the mouthpiece for Awolowo's populist welfare programmes.
 Heart and Soul is the second studio album by singer-songwriter Kathy Troccoli. This album received a Grammy nomination in 1984 and contains songs written by Michael W. Smith. It featured music popular with CCM as well as synth-pop friendly songs I Belong To You Holy Holy and Hearts Of Fire. The album features the songwriting skills of Brown and Debbie Bannister Amy Grant Gary Chapman Michael W. Smith as well as others.
 Achryson philippii is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Germain in 1897. It is known from Chile.
 Melrose also known as Melrose Castle is a historic home located near Casanova Fauquier County Virginia. The house was built between 1856 and 1860 and is a two-story five bayL-shaped Gothic Revival style dwelling. It features a three-story-octagonal tower in the center bay and castellation along the parapet.
 Chraštice is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Pollex angustiae is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Sumatra.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewing is narrow and light brown. The hindwing is unicolorous light brown with an indistinct black discal spot and the underside unicolorous light brown.
 Olney originally patented as Prospect is a historic home and farm complex located at Joppa Harford County Maryland. It is a 264-acre (1.07 km2) working pony farm with a collection of 15 structures ranging in style use and elegance. The main building on the property is a 2 1⁄2-story brick house dating to 1810 generally called the mansion. The house was evolved into a museum of Maryland architecture with salvaged features from demolished buildings in Baltimore and Philadelphia.
 Flight from Rebirth is a science fiction novel written by J. T. McIntosh and published in July 1971 by Avon Books.
 The Megunticook River is a short river in Camden Maine. From the spillway of Megunticook Lake (44°14′06″N 69°05′59″W) the river runs 3.5 miles (5.6 km) southeast through the town to West Penobscot Bay.
 Stare Kozłowice [ˈstarɛ kɔzwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Revora is 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) from Mapusa in Goa India. The village is famous for an ancient church. It comes in the purview of Tivim constituency. The basic occupation of the village is paddy cultivation. Revora lies on the banks of the river Chapora. People living on the banks of the river belonged to the fishing community and the river provided various types of seafood.
 Eupithecia scopariata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in France Spain Portugal Italy Croatia Greece and on Corsica and Sardinia.The wingspan is about 17 mm. Adults are on wing in winter including December.The larvae feed on Erica scoparia Calluna vulgaris and Cytisus species.
 The Barnum Museum is a 1990 collection of fantasy themed short stories by Steven Millhauser perhaps most notable for its closing story 'Eisenheim the Illusionist' which was filmed in 2006 as The Illusionist.
 Sir Ambrose Hardinge Giffard (1771–1827) was chief justice of British Ceylon.
 Kannazuki no Miko (神無月の巫女 literally Priestesses of the Godless Month) is a yuri manga series created by Kaishaku. The series centering on the relationship between main characters Himeko and Chikane also has elements of magical girl and mecha themes in its plot. The 14-chapter series was serialized by Kadokawa Shoten in the two-volume Shōnen Ace from 2004 to 2005.The series was adapted into a 12-episode anime by TNK which aired in Japan from October to December 2004.
 Ah Boys to Men (simplified Chinese: 新兵正传; traditional Chinese: 新兵正傳; pinyin: xīnbīng zhèngzhuàn; literally Recruits' True Biography) is a 2012 Singaporean-Malaysian two-part comedy film produced and directed by Jack Neo written by Neo and Link Sng and starring Wang Wei Liang Noah Yap Joshua Tan and Maxi Lim. The main plot revolves around a group of army recruits in National Service in Singapore.
 Lagh Doss is a lake at San Bernardino in the Val Mesolcina of the Grisons Switzerland. It is located at an elevation of 1652 m. The site is listed in the Federal Inventory of Raised and Transitional Bogs of National Importance.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 War Emblem (foaled February 20 1999 in Kentucky) was the winner of the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes in 2002. His Derby time was 2:01.13. Victor Espinoza was his jockey for the Derby never having seen the horse until the morning of the race. War Emblem who went off at 21-to-1 odds gave trainer Bob Baffert his third Derby winner in 12 tries.
 Dr. José Veloso Abueva was the 16th president of the University of the Philippines. A Ten Outstanding Young Men (TOYM) awardee for political science in 1962 he has devoted much of his career in academic circles. He has been faculty member of the National College of Public Administration and Governance of the University of the Philippines Diliman and visiting professor at Brooklyn College City University of New York and Yale University.
 The Warriors EP Volume 2 is the name of P.O.D.'s third EP second in their Warriors EP series which contains demos from the Testify recording sessions a cover of the Payola$ song Eyes Of A Stranger and live versions of Wildfire and Boom recorded at Cornerstone Festival 2004. The inside of the cover contains a message from lead singer Sonny Sandoval to the 'Warriors' P.O.D.'s worldwide following of fans. The EP was released on November 15 2005 and was limited to 40000 copies.
 Bet'oul Eih is Myriam Faris's third studio album released on April 22 2008.
 Thomas Mark Strama known as Mark Strama (born September 10 1967) is a Democratic former member of the Texas House of Representatives representing the 50th District from 2004 until 2013. He served as chairman of the House Committee on Technology Economic Development & Workforce and on the House Committee on Energy Resources.
 The White Mountains of California and Nevada are a triangular fault block mountain range facing the Sierra Nevada across the upper Owens Valley. They extend for approximately 60 mi (97 km) as a greatly elevated plateau about 20 mi (32 km) wide on the south narrowing to a point at the north with elevations generally increasing south to north. The range's broad southern end is near the community of Big Pine where Westgard Pass and Deep Springs Valley separate it from the Inyo Mountains.
 The Bluegrass Album is an eponymous album by bluegrass supergroup Bluegrass Album Band released in 1981. It's a collection of bluegrass standards by Lester Flatt Bill Monroe Earl Scruggs Ralph Stanley and others. Ultimately four volumes were released recorded between 1980 and 1985.The Bluegrass Compact Disc [Rounder CD 11502 c. 1986] is a 20-song release drawn from volumes 1-4 of The Bluegrass Album.
 Church Mountain sometimes called Slievegad (Irish: Sliabh an Chodaigh meaning mountain of the covenant) is the westernmost of the Wicklow Mountains in Ireland. At the summit are the remains of a large cairn and an old triangulation pillar. Just east of the N81 national route it lies roughly halfway between Hollywood to the north and Donard to the south.
 Ghost/Hellboy is a DC Comics/Dark Horse Comics two-issue crossover comic book mini-series written by Mike Mignola with art by Scott Benefiel published May to June 1996 featuring fictional heroes Ghost and Hellboy.
 Cherokee Friends Church is a historic church at 120 S. Pennsylvania in Cherokee Oklahoma.It was built in 1919 and added to the National Register in 2004.
 Czarna Woda is a river of Poland a tributary of the Kaczawa which it meets in Legnica. Among its tributaries is the Skora.
 Alfonso Araújo Gaviria (28 July 1902 — 4 February 1961) was a Colombian lawyer diplomat and Liberal party politician who served as the 8th Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations the 3rd Ambassador of Colombia to Brazil the 21st Minister of Finance and Public Credit the 15th Minister of National Education and the 38th Minister of Public Works of Colombia as well as Minister of Government and Envoy of Colombia to Venezuela.
 The Rosendale Library formerly the All Saints' Chapel is located on Main Street (NY 213) in Rosendale New York United States. It was originally built as a Gothic Revival Episcopal church from locally mined Rosendale cement a material which covers the stonework exterior walls.After floods from nearby Rondout Creek damaged the building in the mid-1950s the church abandoned it. It also survived a fire in the mid-1970s.
 The snowy grouper (Epinephelus niveatus) is a species of fish in the Serranidae family. It is found in Aruba the Bahamas Belize Bermuda Brazil Colombia Costa Rica Cuba French Guiana Grenada Guatemala Guyana Honduras Jamaica Mexico Netherlands Antilles Nicaragua Panama Suriname Trinidad and Tobago the United States and Venezuela.
 The Pyasino Gulf also known as Pyasina Bay (Russian: Пясинский залив; Pyasinsky Zaliv) is a bay at the mouth of the Pyasina River in the Kara Sea. It is limited on its western side by the Kamennyye Islands and on its northeastern side by the Minina Skerries.The Bay of the Pyasina is surrounded by tundra coast.
 Dust is the sixth solo studio album by English musician Peter Murphy. It was released on 23 April 2002 through Metropolis Records.
 Thamar Dillon Thomas Banda (TDT) was a politician in Nyasaland in the years prior to independence.He was President-General of the Nyasaland African Congress (NAC) from 1957 to 1958 and founded the Congress Liberation Party in 1959.
 Huszcza Druga [ˈxuʂt͡ʂa ˈdruɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Łomazy 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Sonneborn Building also known as Paca-Pratt Building is a historic loft building in Baltimore Maryland United States. Designed by Theodore Wells Pietsch it is a nine-story loft building constructed in 1905 of fireproof reinforced-concrete construction faced in buff-colored brick with a coursed ashlar foundation and stone trim. Its detailing reflects the Neoclassical Revival of the early 20th century.
 Patrick Calhoun Caldwell (March 10 1801 – November 22 1855) was a U.S.
 The Professional Psychology: Research and Practice is a peer-reviewed English language journal published six times per year by the American Psychological Association (APA). The journal “publishes conceptual and data-based articles on the issues and methods involved in the practice of psychology. Topics encompass a broad range including health psychology community psychology family psychology forensic psychology and clinical neuropsychology”. The editor-in-chief is Ronald T.
 Boston Common (also known as the Common) is a central public park in Boston Massachusetts. It is sometimes erroneously referred to as the Boston Commons. Dating from 1634 it is the oldest city park in the United States. The Boston Common consists of 50 acres (20 ha) of land bounded by Tremont Street Park Street Beacon Street Charles Street and Boylston Street.
 Madirasi is a 2012 Malayalam action comedy film directed by Shaji Kailas and starring Jayaram Meera Nandan Meghana Raj Kailash Kalabhavan Mani and Tini Tom. The film is based on a series of true incidents that took place in Madirasi the Malayalam name for the city of Madras. Madirasi is however described as a part of Coimbatore in the film.
 Llynnau Mymbyr are two lakes located in Dyffryn Mymbyr a valley running from the village of Capel Curig to the Pen-y-Gwryd hotel in Snowdonia north-west Wales. The A4086 runs along their northern banks.Strictly speaking this is one lake originally called Llyn Mymbyr with a maximum depth of 30 feet.
 Little Manitou Lake is a small saltwater lake about 100 kilometres South-East of Saskatoon Canada. The lake was formed by receding glaciers during the most recent ice age. It is fed by underground springs and has a mineral content high in sodium magnesium and potassium salts due to it being a terminal lake. The salt content of the water (180 g/L)[1] gives it a density about halfway to that of the Dead Sea (300-400 ppt) allowing bathers to float easily.
 It Couldn't Have Happened – But It Did is a 1936 American film directed by Phil Rosen. The film is also known as It Couldn't Have Happened (American review title).
 Acrolepiopsis sinense is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It is found in China (Zhejiang).
 The Das Pedras River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Collier Hill (foaled 26 March 1998) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred by the prominent American sportsman George W. Strawbridge Jr. who was involved in both steeplechase and flat racing and who raced in Europe and the United States.
 Paul Howes (born 23 August 1981) is the National Secretary of the Australian Workers' Union. In 2008 Howes was elected as Vice President of the Australian Council of Trade Unions and he served on a number of Government boards.Howes resigned from his position as AWU National secretary on 24 March 2014 and will formally step down in July.
 Now! Music (Volume IV) is the ninth solo album by jazz pianist Mike Garson and was released in 2003.
 Qeshlaq-e Hajj Ali Qoli Jelal va Khan Aqa (Persian: قشلاق حاج علي قلي جلال وخان اقا‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj ʿAlī Qolī Jelāl va Khān Āqā) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Condensed Hamsters (1990) is a Hamsters album that was originally released only as an audio cassette (Music Cassette) compilation of the four original cassette only albums (recordings from 1988–1990) that were only available from the band's gigs. They never received a national distribution.
 The Little Satilla River is a 22.6-mile-long (36.4 km) tidal river that forms the boundary between Glynn and Camden counties in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is a separate river from the Little Satilla River 20 miles (32 km) to the northwest that is a freshwater tributary of the Satilla River.
 Ultimate War is a comic book limited series produced by Marvel Comics featuring the Ultimates and the Ultimate X-Men. The series contains four books released between December 8 2002 and February 23 2003. It was written by Scottish comics author Mark Millar with art by Chris Bachalo.It is collected as part of the Ultimate X-Men series of trade paperbacks. This was the first time the Ultimates as a team had crossed over with characters from the Ultimate Marvel Universe.
 Fatty's Finish is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Meioceras cubitatum is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
 Aegaleo (Greek Αιγάλεω or Ποικίλον Όρος Aigáleo Latin Aegaleus) also Aigaleo and Egaleo is a mountain in Greece. It is situated west of Athens southeast of Eleusis east of the island of Salamis and northwest of Piraeus. Most of the mountain is rocky. It is shorter than Hymettus. Most of the forest is to its north where the monastery Daphni (Daphnion) is located. There is also a park in its northern reaches.
 Licker's Last Leg is the first full length studio album by Goon Moon and the follow-up to 2005's I Got a Brand New Egg Layin' Machine. The record was released via Ipecac Recordings on May 8 2007. The album features cameos by longtime Goss collaborator Josh Homme and Nine Inch Nails drummer Josh Freese.
 Lake Coffy is a lake between Bettens and Boussens in the canton of Vaud Switzerland. It surface area is 1.2 ha. The artificial lake was created in 1972. The site is listed in the Federal Inventory of Amphibian Spawning Areas. Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Stâna River is a tributary of the Sfârcașu River in Romania.
 Saint Joan of the Stockyards (German: Die Heilige Johanna der Schlachthöfe) is a play written by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht between 1929 and 1931 after the success of his musical The Threepenny Opera and during the period of his radical experimental work with the Lehrstücke. It is based on the musical that he co-authored with Elisabeth Hauptmann Happy End (1929).
 Corner Store (2010) is a documentary film about Yousef an owner of a corner grocery store in San Francisco produced and directed by Katherine Bruens and Sean Gillane acting as both cinematographer and co-writer. Filming began in December 2009.Yousef Elhaj an owner of a corner grocery store in San Francisco is the focus of Corner Store. The film is structured as a first-person narrative with an informal and intimate tone and shot largely as cinema vérité.
 St Mary's Church Ashley is a redundant Anglican church in the hamlet of Ashley Hampshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands adjacent to the site of the former Gains Castle some 4 miles (6 km) southeast of Stockbridge.
 Gentlemen is the fourth studio album by an American alternative rock band The Afghan Whigs. It was released in 1993 on Elektra Records in America and Blast First in England and was produced by Greg Dulli.
 Radunin [raˈdunin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 The White-eared Parakeet or Maroon-faced Parakeet (Pyrrhura leucotis) is a small parrot belonging to the genus Pyrrhura. As here defined it is endemic to Atlantic Forest in eastern Brazil. The Venezuelan Grey-breasted and Pfrimer's Parakeets were formerly classed as subspecies of this bird but are increasingly treated as separate species.
 Yesterday's Dream is the seventh overall and sixth studio album recorded by the Four Tops issued by Motown Records in August 1968. The album was recorded as the main Motown songwriting/producing partnership of Holland–Dozier–Holland were leaving the label and as a result only contains one song from them I'm in a Different World which was released as a single.
 Chungara–Tambo Quemado (Spanish: Paso Chungara–Tambo Quemado) is a mountain pass through the Cordillera Occidental of the Andes along the border between Chile and Bolivia. Chungara–Tambo Quemado is one of the principal Chile-Bolivia passes in the central Andes as it connects La Paz with its nearest seaport Arica.
 God Fodder is the first full-length album by British rock band Ned's Atomic Dustbin. It was released in 1991.
 The Bătrâna Mare River or Beșineu River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Martinsellus signatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Martinsellus.
 Eunomia rubripunctata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1876. It is found on Jamaica and Puerto Rico.
 The Whitesand River is a river in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada that flows south into the northwest side of Lake Nipigon. Another river in Thunder Bay District with the same name Whitesand River (Hewitson River) lies further southeast and flows into Lake Superior via the Hewitson River.
 Ravedactyl: Project Evolution is a 2003 short film by writer/director Graig F. Weich based on his superhero comic book Ravedactyl which won the New York International Independent Film and Video Festival. It stars Coolio Donald Faison and Dave Prowse.
 The Anacostia River /ænəˈkɒstiə/ is a river in the Mid Atlantic region of the United States. It flows from Prince George's County in Maryland into Washington D.C. where it joins with the Washington Channel to empty into the Potomac River at Buzzard Point. It is approximately 8.7 miles (14.0 km) long.
 Reader's Digest is an American general interest family magazine published monthly (except for between 2010 and 2012 when the American edition was published ten times a year). Formerly based in Chappaqua New York its headquarters is now in New York City. It was founded in 1922 by DeWitt Wallace and Lila Bell Wallace. For many years Reader's Digest was the best-selling consumer magazine in the United States losing the distinction in 2009 to Better Homes and Gardens.
 The Wasenkoepfel (526 m) is a hill northwest of Oberbronn in the Lower Alsace in the French Vosges. It is the highest point of the southern Wasgau a Franco-German cross-border region that comprises the southern part of the Palatinate Forest and the northern part of the Vosges.
 Tetrarhanis nubifera the White on-off is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo and possibly south-eastern Nigeria. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Dallund is a manor house located 15 km north-west of Odense on the Danish island of Funen. It now serves as a rehabilitation centre for cancer patients.
 Cold Steel is a 1987 American thriller film directed by Dorothy Ann Puzo and starred Brad Davis Sharon Stone Jonathan Banks and Adam Ant.
 Sieranie [ɕeˈraɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świeszyno within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Świeszyno 16 km (10 mi) south of Koszalin and 128 km (80 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 170.
 The Pintado River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Ship of Fools is a science fiction novel by Richard Paul Russo. First published in 2001 it won the Philip K. Dick Award for that year.The novel has been rereleased by Orbit Books under the name Unto Leviathan.
 Kristi Noem (born November 30 1971) is the U.S. Representative for South Dakota's at-large congressional district serving since January 2011. She is a member of the Republican Party and was elected to the Republican Leadership for the 112th Congress as one of its two freshman representatives. She previously represented the 6th District in the South Dakota House of Representatives for four years serving as an Assistant Majority Leader during her final year.
 The Ciurgău River is a tributary of the Slătioara River in Romania.
 Second Beaver Lake is a lake of Annapolis County Nova Scotia Canada.
 Ornipholidotos likouala is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Slieau Freoaghane (from the Manx for mountain of the bilberry; pronounced [sluːfəˈraːn]) is a hill on the Isle of Man and the second highest of the Island's five Marilyns. It is located in the Sheading of Michael and can be climbed from Kirk Michael or Barregarrow to the west from Brandy Cottage to the south or from Druidale in the east. The summit is marked with a trig point.
 Prunum abyssorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Mazraeh-ye Seyf ol Din (Persian: مزرعه سيف الدين‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Seyf ol Dīn) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District Ala-e Marvdasht District Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families.
 South Park Conservatives: The Revolt Against Liberal Media Bias (ISBN 0-89526-019-0) is a book written by Brian C. Anderson. It explores the idea that the traditional mass media in the United States are biased towards liberals but through new media such as the Internet cable television and talk radio conservatives are slowly gaining some power in the world of information. The name South Park Conservatives derives from Andrew Sullivan's term South Park Republican.
 Nichols Hall is a building on the campus of Kansas State University. This building was originally built in 1911 and appears from the exterior as a castle with battlements. Its interior was destroyed by fire in 1968 and was rebuilt in 1985. The building currently houses the departments of Computing and Information Sciences and Communication Studies Theatre and Dance.
 Safe (sometimes written as [safe] or [SAFE]) is a 1995 British/American drama/thriller written and directed by Todd Haynes and produced by Christine Vachon. It was voted the best film of the 1990s in the 1999 Village Voice Film Poll.
 The Peterville Diamond is a 1942 British comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Anne Crawford Donald Stewart and Renee Houston. It is also known by the alternative title Jewel Robbery.
 Hoy a morning newspaper in Ecuador has been published continuously since 1982. Its parent office is located in the city of Quito and it is currently published simultaneously in Guayaquil. It was founded on 7 June 1982 by Jaime Mantilla Anderson.
 The Bites is a 1996 mini series about an Australian adventurer who moves to Asia with his new wife. The series was a departure of pace for Hugo Weaving the star.It was shot 21 September to 30 November 1995.
 TGTC (The Greater Than Club) is the debut studio album by rap group Fly Union. The album was released on iTunes and as a free digital download through their website on April 26 2011 Since the album's initial release it has been licensed through Hype Music. A digital copy of TGTC is currently available for purchase on iTunes and Amazon. A physical copy of the album is also available for purchase on Fly Union's website. To date the album has generated over 100000 downloads.
 Tumba (Bulgarian and Macedonian: Тумба) is a peak in the Belasica mountains in the region of Macedonia. The peak 1880 metres (6170 ft) in height lies on Belasica's main ridge west of Lozen Peak and east of Sechena Skala Peak. A dome-shaped mountain with steep southern and northern slopes Tumba is covered with low subalpine vegetation and is made of metamorphic rock. Tumba is notable as the point where the national borders of Bulgaria Greece and the Republic of Macedonia meet.
 The harvest mouse Micromys minutus is a small rodent native to Europe and Asia. It is typically found in fields of cereal crops such as wheat and oats in reed beds and in other tall ground vegetation such as long grass and hedgerows. It has reddish-brown fur with white underparts and a naked highly prehensile tail which it uses for climbing. It is the smallest European rodent; an adult may weigh as little as 4 grams (0.14 oz). It eats chiefly seeds and insects but also nectar and fruit.
 The Pacific Sun was founded in 1963 in California and is the second longest running alternative weekly in the nation behind only The Village Voice.[citation needed] With a readership of around 80000 the paper is distributed throughout Marin County just north of San Francisco in the San Francisco Bay Area.Until 2012 the paper was owned by Embarcadero Media who purchased it from longtime owner Steve McNamara in 2004. Sam Chapman former Chief of Staff for U.S.
 Francis Henry Jeune 1st Baron St Helier GCB PC QC (17 March 1843 – 9 April 1905) known as Sir Francis Jeune (1891–1905) was a British judge. He was President of the Probate Divorce and Admiralty Division of the High Court of Justice (1892–1905) and Judge Advocate General (1892–1905).
 Bryan Barbin (born February 2 1957) was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for District 71 in 2008 as a Democrat. He resides in Johnstown and represents Cambria County. He is also a lawyer.On March 9 2009 he introduced legislation for volunteer firefighters to pay for emergency medical services training.
 Originators of the Northern Darkness is a tribute album to the Norwegian black metal band Mayhem with contributions from some of the leading bands in the black metal and death metal scene. All the songs were recorded between 1998 and 2000 in various locations and the album was released on CD in 2001 by Avantgarde Music. In addition to the regular CD a limited edition CD in black leather was also released. The album was re-released on digipack CD in 2007 by Peaceville.
 Eurylomia cordula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Mexico and Honduras.
 Timothy Guy Phelps (December 20 1824 – June 11 1899) was an American business executive and politician. He was the first president of the Southern Pacific Railroad from 1865 until 1868 when the railroad was purchased by members of The Big Four and saw the railroad build its first tracks south of San Francisco California.
 Inez Moore Tenenbaum (born March 8 1951) is an American attorney from the state of South Carolina. She served as Chairman of the United States Consumer Product Safety Commission. In November 2013 Tennenbaum announced she would join the law firm Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP. She will work with the law firm’s product safety risk prevention and regulatory practice group.
 Bras d'Or Lake /brəˈdɔr/ is an inland sea or large body of partially fresh/ salt water in the centre of Cape Breton Island in the province of Nova Scotia Canada. Bras d'Or Lake is sometimes referred to as the Bras d'Or Lakes or the Bras d'Or Lakes system; however its official geographic name is Bras d'Or Lake as it is a singular entity. Canadian author and yachtsman Silver Donald Cameron describes Bras d'Or Lake as A basin ringed by indigo hills laced with marble.
 Malič (Serbian Cyrillic: Малич) is a mountain in western Serbia near the town of Ivanjica. Its highest peak has an elevation of 1110 meters above sea level.
 László Palóczy (14 October 1783 – 27 April 1861) was a Hungarian politician who served as acting Speaker of the House of Representatives as oldest member of the lower house in 1849.He was sentenced to death after surrender at Világos but the sentence changed to life imprisonment. After his release he moved to Miskolc. He became a member of the Diet of Hungary again in 1861 shortly before his death. He was the oldest member too. A street was named after him in his birthplace.
 The Crasna River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania
 New Cross Hospital (The Royal Wolverhampton Hospitals NHS Trust) is a hospital in Wolverhampton West Midlands England. It is located to the east of the city centre in Wednesfield.
 Raja Abdul Aziz bin Raja Addruse (10 February 1936 – 12 July 2011) was a Malaysian lawyer. He served as President of the Bar Council three times and was a commissioner of the International Commission of Jurists. Raja Aziz is considered one of Malaysia's most respected lawyers. He was known among fellow lawyers as Ungku.
 For the New York politician see Joseph Wagner (Brooklyn).For the engraver see Joseph Wagner (engraver)Joseph F. Wagner (born May 7 1960 in Springfield Massachusetts) is an American politician who represents the 8th Hampden District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. Prior to becoming a state representative Wagner was the administrative assistant to mayor of Chicopee.
 Wolston Priory was a priory in Warwickshire England.
 This article describes the 40th album in the New Zealand Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 40 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 40 or Now 40 released on 2 November 2012. The album is the 40th edition of the (New Zealand) Now! series. The album is a two-disc set with disc two featuring the best tracks of 2012.
 Amunugama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Odysseas Angelis (Greek: Οδυσσέας Αγγελής 1912–1987) was Vice President of Greece in 1973 during the republican period of the military junta of 1967–1974.Along with most of those involved in the coup of April 1967 he was an officer of the Greek Army. At the time he held the rank of Lieutenant General and was appointed Chief of the Army General Staff following the coup. He was responsible at least officially for the Army Decree Nr. 13 which banned the musical works of Mikis Theodorakis.
 The McLoughlin Gallery is an art gallery established in 2010 by Joan McLoughlin that focuses on presenting contemporary art from mid-career and emerging artists. The gallery is located at 49 Geary St. Suite 200 San Francisco California. The McLoughlin gallery is the third largest space at 49 Geary. Artists at the gallery work with a variety of different and sometimes nontraditional materials including: resins plastics Xeroxes glitter wood panel acrylic and found objects.
 The Great War in England in 1897 was written by William Le Queux and published in 1894.
 Powodów Trzeci [pɔˈvɔduf ˈtʂɛt͡ɕi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Wartkowice 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Poddębice and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mazraeh-ye Sadat (Persian: مزرعه سادات‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sādāt) is a village in Lavasan-e Kuchak Rural District Lavasanat District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 34 families.
 Shriniwas Ganesh Sardesai (1907-1996) popularly known as S.G. Sardesai was an Indian freedom fighter from Maharashtra and one of the great communist leaders produced by the communist movement in India. He is author of the book Progress and conservatism in ancient India famous for his profound theoretical analysis. He was the Central Executive Committee of pre-split Communist Party of India during the Indo-china conflict.
 Beniah Bowman (March 14 1886 – April 13 1941) was an Ontario farmer and political figure. He represented Manitoulin in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from October 24 1918 to October 18 1926 and Algoma East in the Canadian House of Commons from 1926 to 1930 as a United Farmers member.
 The Northern Mockingbird (Mimus polyglottos) is the only mockingbird commonly found in North America. This bird is mainly a permanent resident but northern birds may move south during harsh weather. This species has rarely been observed in Europe.This species was first described by Linnaeus in his Systema Naturæ in 1758 as Turdus polyglottos.
 Destry Rides Again is the title of a 1930 novel by Max Brand. One of Brand's most famous works it remained in print 70 years after its first publication. It is the story of Harrison Destry's quest for revenge against the twelve jurors whose personal malice leads them to wrongfully convict him of robbery.
 Les Afriques is a weekly economical and financial African newspaper. In 2007 it claims to be the first Pan-African financial newspaper. It is published weekly and available in almost all French-speaking countries.
 James Holtzclaw is a Republican Idaho State Representative since 2012 representing District 20 in the B seat.
 Not to be confused with Paseo de la Reforma in Mexico City.Paseo Reforma (Reform Mall) is a regional 425174 ft² (39500 m²) indoor mall located in Nuevo Laredo Tamaulipas Mexico south in the city's retail district. The new shopping mall was built from 2007-2008 and was opened in May of 2008 the project costed $90 million. This mall is the first of its kind in Nuevo Laredo. Latin American Realty is the developer and manager of this mall.
 Tun Dr. Ismail Abdul Rahman (November 4 1915 – August 2 1973) was a Malaysian politician from the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO). He held several Malaysian ministerial posts and was appointed as the second Deputy Prime Minister in 1970 by then Prime Minister Tun Abdul Razak. Three years later Tun Dr Ismail died in office due to a heart attack. Ismail has been called the man who saved Malaysia for his actions as Home Minister after the May 13 Incident of racial rioting in 1969.
 Abd-ol Seyyed (Persian: عبدالسيد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abd-ol Seyyed; also known as ‘Abd-e Sa‘īd ‘Abd ol Sa‘īd-e Marīvash) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 643 in 107 families.
 Phenomenology of Perception (French: Phénoménologie de la perception) is a 1945 book by French philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty. The work established Merleau-Ponty as the pre-eminent philosopher of the body.
 Eudonia luteusalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on the Azores.
 Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science is an electronic computer science journal published by Elsevier started in 1995. Its issues include many post-proceedings for workshops etc. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and Science Citation Index.[citation needed]
 Eudoxus is a prominent lunar impact crater that lies to the east of the northern tip of the Montes Caucasus range. It is located to the south of the prominent crater Aristoteles in the northern regions of the visible Moon. To the south is the ruined formation of Alexander and the small crater Lamèch lies to the southwest.The rim of Eudoxus has a series of terraces on the interior wall and slightly worn ramparts about the exterior.
 The Centinel of the Northwest Territory published in Cincinnati by William Maxwell was the first newspaper in the Northwest Territory. It appeared November 9 1793 and weekly thereafter until June 1796 when it was sold to Edmund Freeman and was merged with Freeman's Journal. Subscription was 250 cents per annum and 7 cents a single copy.
 Frissiras Museum is a contemporary painting museum in Plaka Athens Greece. It was founded and endowed by Vlassis Frissiras an art-collecting lawyer. Its permanent collection consists of 3000 paintings and sculptures by Greek and other European artists on the subject of the human form.
 Tarzan's New York Adventure is a 1942 film the sixth Tarzan film to feature actors Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan. This film was the sixth and final film in MGM's Tarzan series and was the studio's last Tarzan film until their 1958 release Tarzan's Fight for Life directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and starring Gordon Scott and Eve Brent. Of interest is the uncredited appearance as a circus roustabout by Elmo Lincoln who in 1918 was the first actor to star as Tarzan.
 Gavkan-e Bagh (Persian: گاوكان باغ‎ also Romanized as Gāvkān-e Bāgh; also known as Gāvkān Bālā) is a village in Maskun Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 6 families.
 Leominster abbey was an Anglo-Saxon monastery established at Leominster in the county of Hereford England. The name of the town refers to its minster a settlement of clergy living a communal life. The monastery perhaps founded in the seventh century was originally a male house. After being destroyed by Danes it was rebuilt as a Benedictine abbey for nuns (see Leominster nunnery).In 1046 the abbess Eadgifu was abducted by Sweyn Godwinson. Eadgifu is only abbess known by name.
 Kazimierz [kaˈʑimjɛʂ] (German: Kasimir Kashubian: Kadzëmiérz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosakowo within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Kosakowo 11 km (7 mi) south of Puck and 30 km (19 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 350.
 The Wrigley Mansion in Phoenix Arizona is a landmark building constructed between 1929 and 1931 by chewing-gum magnate William Wrigley Jr.
 Head First is the fifth studio album by English electronic music duo Goldfrapp. It was released in the United Kingdom on 22 March 2010 by Mute Records. The album's lead single Rocket was released on the iTunes Store on 5 March 2010. The album received a nomination for Best Electronic/Dance Album at the 2011 Grammy Awards.
 The William Dean Howells House is a house built and occupied by American author William Dean Howells and family. It is located at 37 Concord Avenue Cambridge Massachusetts. The house was designed by Howell's wife Elinor Mead and occupied by the family from 1873-1878. Authors including Mark Twain Henry James Henry Wadsworth Longfellow and Thomas Bailey Aldrich visited the Howells in this house as did President James Garfield and Helen Keller lived there afterwards while attending school.
 Peripsocus milleri is a species of Psocoptera from Peripsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland. They can also be found on Azores and Canary Islands Belgium Croatia France Italy and Spain. The species are brown coloured.
 Yves Gabias (December 8 1920 – March 22 2002) was a politician from Quebec Canada.
 Fas – Ite Maledicti in Ignem Aeternum (Latin for Divine Law – Go Accursed into Everlasting Fire) is a 2007 album by the black metal band Deathspell Omega. The album takes its title from the Vulgate translation of Matthew 25:41 discedite a me maledicti in ignem æternum usually quoted as ite maledicti in ignem aeternum. The album was released as a digipak with a 20-page booklet on July 16 2007 and in the United States on July 17 2007 through The Ajna Offensive.
 Rare Cuts and Oddities 1966 is an album of rare live and studio tracks recorded by the Grateful Dead in 1966. It was released on CD by Grateful Dead Records on March 25 2005.Rare Cuts and Oddities 1966 was re-released as a limited-edition two-disc LP in conjunction with Record Store Day on April 20 2013.
 The Berkeley Public Library is the public library system for Berkeley California. It consists of the Central Library the Claremont Branch North Branch South Branch and West Branch.
 A Decade is Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace's first compilation album released on November 21 2006 in Canada and November 28 2006 in the United States. Included on the album are top tracks Where Are You Clumsy In Repair Somewhere Out There Innocent Thief Naveed Starseed and 4 A.M..
 Tall Rezaqoli Mambi (Persian: تل رضاقلي ممبي‎ also Romanized as Tall Reẕāqolī Mambī; also known as Tall Reẕāqolī) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 27 families.
 Widoradz [viˈdɔrat͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 km (2 mi) east of Wieluń and 87 km (54 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 American Beauty is a 1999 soundtrack album to the film of the same name starring Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening. The soundtrack album was produced by Chris Douridas Sam Mendes and Michael Ostin and was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Compilation Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture Television or Other Visual Media in the year 2000 the first year to offer this award.The soundtrack features two excerpts from the film's score composed by Thomas Newman which won several awards.
 John Jenkins is a Maine politician. He served as mayor of Auburn and separately mayor of Lewiston. He was also the first African American to serve in the Maine State Senate. In August 2010 Jenkins announced his write-in candidacy for the Governor of Maine.Jenkins was elected Mayor of Auburn as a write-in candidate a first for the City of Auburn.
 The Lipău River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 A Momentary Taste of Being is a science fiction novella written by Alice Bradley Sheldon published under the pseudonym James Tiptree Jr. in the 1975 anthology The New Atlantis and Other Novellas of Science Fiction (also featuring stories by Gene Wolfe and Ursula K. Le Guin).
 St Columb Canal sometimes referred to as Edyvean's Canal was an abortive canal scheme in Cornwall England designed for the carriage of sea sand for use as manure. It was authorised in 1773 and part of it may have been briefly used around 1780.
 Sigara nigrolineata is a species of water boatman in the family Corixidae in the order Hemiptera.
 The Spirit Music Jamia: Dance of the Infidel is the sixth album by the American multi-instrumentalist Me'shell Ndegeocello initially released in France on Universal France on February 14 2005 and then subsequently on the Shanachie label in the United States on June 21 of the same year (see 2005 in music).The album is Ndegeocello's first after leaving Maverick Records her label between 1993 and 2003.
 Glee Sings the Beatles is the fifteenth soundtrack album by the cast of the American musical television show Glee. It was made available for pre-order on iTunes on September 10 2013 with the expected to be released date on September 24 2013 two days before the fifth season premiere. The album features fourteen songs recorded for the first two episodes of the season: Love Love Love and Tina in the Sky with Diamonds.
 Stropsko is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 186 people.
 The Păltinișu River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 Hungarian Studies is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to the study of Hungarian studies. It was established in 1985 and is the official journal of the International Association for Hungarian Studies. The editor-in-chief is Mihály Szegedy-Maszák.
 The Burden is a novel written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Heinemann on 12 November 1956. Initially not published in the US it was later issued as a paperback by Dell Publishing in September 1963. It was the last of six novels Christie wrote under the nom-de-plume Mary Westmacott.
 The Barakar River is the main tributary of the Damodar River in eastern India. Originating near Padma in Hazaribagh district of Jharkhand it flows for 225 kilometers (140 mi) across the northern part of the Chota Nagpur Plateau mostly in a west to east direction before joining the Damodar near Dishergarh in Bardhaman district of West Bengal. It has a catchment area of 6159 km2 (2378 sq mi). The main tributaries Barsoti and Usri flow in from the south and north respectively.
 Heliactinidia chiguinda is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1885. It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Peru.
 Vrontous (Greek: Βροντούς Bulgarian: Шарлия - Sharliya) is a mountain range in the northeastern Serres and the westernmost Drama regional units in Greece. Its highest peak is the Ali Babas (Greek: Αλή Μπαμπάς) at 1849 m elevation. Other notable peaks are the Kour Lof (1667 m southwest of Ali Babas) Mavro vouno (1653 m northeast) Siderovouni (1475 m east) and Sarligia (1404 m southwest). It is a densely forested and sparsely populated mountain range.
 Elizabeth Ann Betty Ford (née Bloomer; April 8 1918 – July 8 2011) was First Lady of the United States from 1974 to 1977 during the presidency of her husband Gerald Ford. As First Lady she was active in social policy and created precedents as a politically active presidential wife.Throughout her husband's term in office she maintained high approval ratings despite opposition from some conservative Republicans who objected to her more moderate and liberal positions on social issues.
 Conte de printemps (A Tale of Springtime) is a 1990 French film directed by Éric Rohmer starring Anne Teyssèdre Hugues Quester and Florence Darel. It is the first of Rohmer's Contes des quatre saisons (Tales of the Four Seasons) which also includes A Tale of Winter (1992) A Summer's Tale (1996) and Autumn Tale (1998).
 Hostel: Part III is a 2011 American horror film directed by Scott Spiegel and the third installment of the Hostel film series. It was written by Michael D. Weiss. It was released direct-to-DVD on December 27 2011.
 Hotel is a 2001 experimental thriller film directed by Mike Figgis.
 Woman on the Run is a 1950 black-and-white film noir directed by Norman Foster and featuring Ann Sheridan Dennis O'Keefe Robert Keith and Ross Elliott.
 Hisham Zazou (born 1954) is an Egyptian businessman and politician who has been serving as the minister of tourism since 2012. He was one of the ministers who is not affiliated with an Islamist party in the Qandil cabinet. Zazou remained in his post in the interim government of Egypt.
 Great Yarmouth Carmelite Friary in Norfolk England was founded in 1276 by the White Friars or Carmelites in the reign of Edward I and dedicated to St. Mary.From 1430 to 1455 a John Tylney was prior. On 1 April 1509 the church and convent burnt down. In 1538 the friary was suppressed by Richard Yngworth and in 1544 the land was granted to Thomas Denton and Robert Nottingham.A 17th-century Grade II listed building now stands on the site at 6-12 George Street Great Yarmouth.
 Eriphus immaculicollis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Audinet-Serville in 1834.
 Antony Tony Pasin (born 1 October 1977) is a member of the Australian House of Representatives representing the Division of Barker. He was elected to the seat in 2013. Previously Pasin was a Councillor in Mount Gambier South Australia from 2003 to 2010.In 2012 he challenged incumbent Pat Secker for preselection in Barker and won taking 164 votes to Secker's 78 votes.
 Ronald Edward Hood is a former Republican legislator in the Ohio House of Representatives. He represented at various times both the 57th and the 91st districts. He most recently lost a primary bid for Ohio's seventh Congressional District on March 4 2008.
 Sir Horace George Montagu Rumbold 9th Baronet GCB GCMG KCVO PC (5 February 1869 - 24 May 1941) was a British diplomat. A well-travelled diplomat learning Arabic Japanese and German he is best remembered for his role as British Ambassador to Berlin from 1928 to 1933 where he warned of the ambitions of Hitler and Nazi Germany.
 Al Arab (in Arabic العرب meaning The Arabs) was the first Arabic daily following the independence of Qatar. It was closed in 1995 and relaunched on 18 November 2007 as an e-newspaper which is based in Doha Qatar.
 Madame Makes Her Exit (German:Madame hat Ausgang) is a 1932 German romantic comedy film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and starring Liane Haid Hans Brausewetter Hilde Hildebrand. It premiered on 12 January 1932. A separate French language version Amourous Adventure was also released directed by Thiele with a largely different cast.
 Tricypha popayana is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1923. It is found in Colombia.
 Damita Jo is the eighth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. It was released on March 30 2004 by Virgin Records. The album takes its title from Jackson's middle name. Its music incorporates rock electro house and hip hop styles in addition to dance-pop and R&B. Its concept is based on Jackson's alternate personalities; exploring themes involving intimacy monogamy love and dance.
 Iron Earth Copper Sky (Turkish: Yer Demir Gök Bakır) is a 1987 German-Turkish drama film written produced and directed by Zülfü Livaneli based on the novel of the same name by Yaşar Kemal featuring Rutkay Aziz as a simple villager elevated to sainthood status while still alive.
 Pojhi Buzurg (Hindi: पोझी बुजुर्ग/कपूर Urdu: پوجھ بجرگ / کپور ‎) is a village and part of Bhualpur Panchayat of Saran district Bihar India.
 Podsrnetica (Cyrillic: Подсрнетица) is a village in the municipality of Petrovac Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Министерство экономического развития Российской ФедерацииMikhail Eduardovich Oseevsky (Russian: Осеевский Михаил Эдуардович born 30 November 1960) is a Russian politician a member of United Russia party. From 2003 to 2012 he was the Vice-governor of Saint Petersburg and the Minister of Finance in the Saint Petersburg City Administration appointed to those positions by then-governor Valentina Matvienko. From 2010 to 2012 he was also the Head of the Administration of the St.
 Union Congregational Church and Parsonage built in 1886 is a historic church located at 110 Bennett Street in Buffalo Wyoming. It was the first church built in Buffalo and one of the first two churches established in the northern part of the Wyoming Territory.
 Vidant Medical Center (previously Pitt County Memorial Hospital) is a hospital located in Greenville North Carolina. It is the flagship teaching hospital for the Vidant Health and is affiliated with the Brody School of Medicine at East Carolina University. Vidant Medical Center is the only trauma center east of Raleigh. Vidant Medical Center is licensed for 861 beds and had 39360 admissions in fiscal year 2009.
 Bagh-e Latifan (Persian: باغ لطفيان‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Laţīfān and Bāgh-e Loţfīān; also known simply as Bagh (Persian: باغ) also Romanized as Bāgh) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 370 in 65 families.
 No Retreat No Surrender 2 (aka No Retreat No Surrender 2: Raging Thunder) is a 1987 Hong Kong-American martial arts film directed by Corey Yuen and starring Loren Avedon Matthias Hues Max Thayer and Cynthia Rothrock. This film does not continue the story of the original No Retreat No Surrender. The film's original title is Raging Thunder.
 Hajjiabad-e Sarkesh (Persian: حاجي ابادسركش‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Sarkesh) is a village in Afin Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Medicine Trail is the third solo album by country rock / bluegrass musician Peter Rowan. Guest musicians include Jerry Douglas Ricky Skaggs David Grisman Mike Auldridge Flaco Jimenez and Peter's brother Lorin Rowan.
 Langar Barani (Persian: لنگر باراني‎ also Romanized as Langar Bārānī; also known as Bārānī and Langar) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 388 in 75 families.
 Do Dil Diwane is a 1981 Hindi language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist.
 Aemilia pagana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1894. It is found in Brazil.
 The Wattenbach or Wattenerbach has its origins in the Tux Prealps. The Mölsbach and Lizumbach streams merge in the valley bottom near Walchen Camp (Lager Walchen) at a height of 1410 m to form the Wattenbach. It then flows from the Lizum almost due north though the Wattental valley. After 17 kilometres it empties near Wattens into the River Inn.
 Frank H. Luce was a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Washington. He served as the second Lieutenant Governor of Washington.He died in Seattle in 1937.
 Reginald Byron Jones-Sawyer Sr. is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly. He is a Democrat representing the 59th district encompassing parts of South Los Angeles. Prior to being elected to the state assembly he was Director of Asset Management for Los Angeles and Secretary of the California Democratic Party.
 The UCL Journal of Law and Jurisprudence is a journal edited and produced by students in the University College London Faculty of Laws. Prior to 2012 it was known as the UCL Jurisprudence Review which was established in 1994.
 Mandy Powers Norrell (born July 12 1973) is a Democratic member of the South Carolina House of Representatives representing House District 44 which comprises the southern portion of Lancaster County. Norrell is an attorney and licensed to practice in both North and South Carolina in South Carolina State and Federal Courts and in the United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals.
 Albion Congregational Church was built on Sneinton Road in Nottingham in 1856. It is a Grade II listed building.
 Zhang Zhongwei (Chinese: 张中伟; born February 1942) is a politician of the People's Republic of China. He served as Governor of Sichuan province from 1999 to 2007.
 Onchidella oniscioides is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Just This Once is a 1993 romance novel written in the style of Jacqueline Susann by a Macintosh IIcx computer named Hal in collaboration with its programmer Scott French. French reportedly spent $40000 and 8 years developing an artificial intelligence program to analyze Susann's works and attempt to create a novel that Susann might have written.
 The Jackals of a Great City is a 1916 American silent drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Home to Roost is a compilation album by British rock band Atomic Rooster. It is made up of material from their first three studio albums.It has been issued on at least three separate occasions. The first time was in 1977 as a double LP on the Mooncrest label. In 1986 it was reissued with a new sleeve design on the Raw Power (Castle Communications) label. This time the two LPs were accompanied by a 12 track CD release which was Atomic Rooster's first in that format.
 Good Riddance (French: Les Bons débarras) is a 1979 French-language Canadian drama film. Directed by Francis Mankiewicz and written by Réjean Ducharme the film concerns Manon (Charlotte Laurier) an unstable young girl who lives with her mother Michelle (Marie Tifo) and her alcoholic uncle Ti-Guy (Germain Houde).
 Slivnica is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village had a population of 18 people.
 Eyvandar (Persian: ايوان در‎ also Romanized as Eyvāndar; also known as Eyvān Darreh) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 17 families.References
 Abdelwahab Abdallah (Arabic: عبد الوهاب عبد الله‎; born 14 February 1940) is a Tunisian politician and diplomat who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Tunisia and was advisor to the President.
 Singaporenalli Raja Kulla (Kannada: ಸಿಂಗಾಪೂರ್‌ನಲ್ಲಿ ರಾಜಾ ಕುಳ್ಳ) is a 1978 Indian Kannada language full-scale action-suspense-drama film directed by C. V. Rajendran starring Vishnuvardhan Manjula Dwarkish Lokanath and Thoogudeepa Srinivas in pivotal roles. It was the first Kannada film film to be filmed outside India.
 Cobitis punctilineata is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cobitidae family.It is found only in Greece.Its natural habitats are rivers and intermittent rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Electroshock is the fifth studio album by Belgian singer Kate Ryan released on June 25 2012. After Alive is the first album that doesn't include any cover version (although LoveLife has a sample of Narcotic by Liquido and Robots has one of Living on Video by Trans-X) and also is entirely in English (though the version of Little Braveheart included on this album has French lyrics sang by Ryan).
 St. James Cathedral is a church located at 215 North Orange Avenue in the central business district of Orlando Florida and functions as the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Orlando. Its current rector is Fr. John McCormick. The bishop is John Noonan. The parish operates St. James Cathedral School on nearby Robinson Street which offers classes from pre-school through eighth grade.St. James parish traces its roots to May 20 1881 when Bishop John Moore of the Diocese of St.
 The rex sole Glyptocephalus zachirus is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae. Locally it may also be known as a witch or threadfin sole (due to the filamentous pelvic fin on the eyed surface). It is a demersal fish that lives in temperate waters on sand or mud bottoms at depths of up to 900 metres (3000 ft) though it is most commonly found between 61 and 500 metres (200 and 1640 ft).
 HK119 is the debut eponymous solo album from Finnish multimedia artist and singer-songwriter Heidi Kilpeläinen performing under her alter ego HK119.
 Union Square is a commercial and residential real estate project in Hong Kong on the West Kowloon reclamation. Covering 13.54 hectares (33.5 acres) the site has a gross floor area of 1090026 square metres (11732940 sq ft) approximately the size of the Canary Wharf development in London.
 Splendrillia runcinata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Khenziri (Persian: خنضيري‎ also Romanized as Khenẕīrī and Khān Ziri; also known as Khenfīrī) is a village in Soveyseh Rural District in the Soveyseh District of Karun County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 15 families.
 Eve Franklin was a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives representing District 24 from 1991 through 2007. She announced her resignation on August 17 2007 after she was appointed the state mental health ombudsman.
 Azamora is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1858 and is known from Venezuela Brazil Surinam and French Guinea.
 Vladimir Alexandrovich Antonov-Ovseyenko (Russian: Владимир Александрович Антонов-Овсеенко; Ukrainian: Володимир Антонов-Овсєєнко; 9 March 1883 – 10 February 1938) real surname Ovseyenko party aliases the 'Bayonet' (Штык) and 'Nikita' (Ники́та) a literary pseudonym A. Gal (А. Га́льский) was a prominent Soviet Bolshevik leader and diplomat.
 The Champion Maker is a novel about running that falls within the suspense thriller genre. It was written by Kevin Joseph
 Strupice [struˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 175.
 Angels Sing is a 2013 Christmas family drama film. An adaptation of Turk Pipkin's 1999 novel When Angels Sing the film is directed by Tim McCanlies and stars Harry Connick Jr. Connie Britton Chandler Canterbury Fionnula Flanagan Lyle Lovett Willie Nelson and Kris Kristofferson.
 Jacob McGavock Dickinson (January 30 1851 – December 13 1928) was United States Secretary of War under President William Howard Taft from 1909 to 1911. He was succeeded by Henry L. Stimson.
 Thalaivan is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Ramesh Selvan and produced by Chithirai Selvan. The film features Bas and Nikesha Patel in the lead roles while the ensemble cast features Santhanam Suman and Jayaprakash amongst others. The film was released on April 18 2014.
 Ylä-Enonvesi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the Southern Savonia region in Finland. The lake is important area of fishing industry.
 Nieciecz [ˈɲet͡ɕet͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puławy within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Puławy and 56 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 The AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center Mainland Campus is a 323-bed hospital opened in 1975 and located in the Pomona section of Galloway Township New Jersey United States. Situated on the Richard Stockton College of New Jersey campus the Mainland Campus experienced a 44% growth in admissions from 1986 to 1992. The Mainland Campus completed a $16 million modernization or renovation project in early 1992.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād and Mahdīābād; also known as Gerd Mehdīābād and Mihdiābād) is a village in Musaabad Rural District in the Central District of Dehaqan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 31 families.
 The Harris Bridge located near Wren Oregon is a covered bridge listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Rock Church of Auburn Wyoming is a historic church building that has served also as a community center. Also known as Latter Day Saints Auburn Ward Meeting House it is located at Second W and First S Sts. in Auburn. It was built in 1889 out of stone which in the Star Valley in which it is located is rarely used in architecture.
 Apamea digitula is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It was described from the Laguna Mountains of San Diego County California in 2006. It is also known from western Oregon.The moth has a forewing 16–19 millimetres (0.63–0.75 in) long and is generally clay-colored (tan-gray) with areas tinged with red-brown. The living moth may have a greenish cast. There may be tufts on some abdominal segments.
 P.O.A.: Pop on Arrival is the 5th album released by Japanese band Beat Crusaders and the 1st full-length album released under the DefSTAR Records Label. It was released May 11 2005. Upon its release there were two versions available the Original Version and Limited Edition (初回生産限定盤; The first production limited board). The Original features 14 tracks while the Limited Edition includes Bonus Tracks Get Up! Get Up! and Say Good-Night which differentiate the order of tracks on either CD.
 Shalango is a historic plantation home located at Wicomico Church Northumberland County Virginia. It was built in 1855-1856 and is a large 2 1/2-story five bay I-house frame dwelling. It has a single-pile central-passage plan and interior end chimneys. The house stands on a tall brick basement and is covered with a gable roof pierced by three dormers on either slope.
 Joanne Lees: Murder in the Outback (also known as Murder in the Outback) is a television film produced by Channel Ten and ITV Productions which first aired in Australia on Channel Ten on 18 March 2007 and in the UK on ITV on Sunday 8 April where it was titled Murder In The Outback. It is based on the real life disappearance of Peter Falconio.
 Kernen is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Fifth Planet is a science fiction novel written by astrophysicist Sir Fred Hoyle and his son Geoffrey Hoyle.
 Sword of the Bushido is a 1990 action film.
 Trapped is a 2012 urban fantasy novel by Kevin Hearne and is the fifth book in his Iron Druid Chronicles series.
 Gauze (stylized GAUZE) is the first studio album released by Dir En Grey on July 28 1999. It is the band's first full-length record. Five tracks were produced by X Japan co-founder Yoshiki Hayashi all of which had been previously released as singles. The album was originally released on July 28 1999 as a standard version with a thick CD case 36 page booklet with the CD reading surface painted red through East West Japan.
 Neobernaya spadicea previously known as Cypraea spadicea common name the chestnut cowrie is a species of temperate sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Ada (Serbian Cyrillic: Ада) is village in Croatia municipality Šodolovci Osijek-Baranja County.It is connected by the D518 highway.
 The Wattles Estate which was originally known as Jualita is located at 1824 North Curson Avenue in the Hollywood area of Los Angeles California. It was built in 1907 by wealthy Omaha Nebraska banker Gurdon Wattles as a winter home.
 The Charles Flint Public Library is the public library of Middleton Massachusetts. It is located in a Richardsonian Romanesque building at 2 North Main Street in the center of the town. The building the only Romanesque building in Middleton was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.Construction of the building was funded by a posthumous grant from writer agriculturalist and Middleton native Charles L.
 Chandra is a village on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 3511. The current estimate for 2009 is 6179 people.
 The Lenne is a river in the Sauerland area in North Rhine-Westphalia western Germany a left tributary of the Ruhr.Having its source on top of the Kahler Asten near Winterberg in an intermittent spring at an elevation of 2687 feet the Lenne ends after a course of 128 km flowing into the Ruhr river near the city of Hagen. With an average discharge of 25 m³/s near its mouth it is the main tributary of the Ruhr.
 The Pakarae River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows a convoluted generally southeastern course from its sources 20 kilometres inland from Tolaga Bay reaching the Pacific Ocean 25 kilometres northeast of Gisborne.
 One More Road is an album by Pentangle. It was released in the UK on the Permanent label PERM CD 11 in 1993. In Germany it was released in 1993 on SPV Records SPV M29235. The notable change is that Peter Kirtley (b 1945) replaces Rod Clements.It was reissued along with Live 1994 on CD in 2007.
 Katarandena is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Dale Castle is a 13th-century castle located close to the village of Dale in Pembrokeshire Wales.Built after the English invasion of South Wales the castle was originally built by the de Vales descendants of a knight who had accompanied Robert fitz Martin on his invasion of north Pembrokeshire. The male line died out meaning that subsequent owners have rotated through the female bloodline.
 Topola [tɔˈpɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Środa Wielkopolska and 29 km (18 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 110.
 Mhamed El Khalifa (Arabic: محمد الخليفة‎ – born 1939 Marrakech) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal party. Between 2000 and 2004 he held the positions of Minister of Crafts and Social Economy and Minister of Public Service and the Modernization of the Administration in the cabinets of Driss Jettou and Abderahmane el Youssfi.
 Unfinished Monkey Business is the debut solo album by Ian Brown released in February 1998 via Polydor Records. The album was self-financed and produced by Brown and was his first album release since the break-up of The Stone Roses in October 1996. Ex-Roses members Mani Nigel Ipinson Aziz Ibrahim and Robbie Maddix helped pen and perform the instruments on many of the album's tracks.
 My Son the Folk Singer is an album by Allan Sherman [monophonic W-1475/stereophonic WS-1475] released by Warner Bros. Records in 1962. On the album sleeve the title appears directly below the words Allan Sherman's mother presents.The album recorded before a live audience is filled with Jewish culture references and in-jokes. His second album would follow suit while later albums' parodies were more generic.
 Satellite Rides is the fifth studio album by American country/rock band Old 97's first released in the second quarter of 2001 (see 2001 in music).
 Monrad Charles Wallgren (April 17 1891 – September 18 1961) an American politician served as the 13th Governor of Washington from 1945 to 1949 as well as representing that state in the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate.Wallgren of Swedish descent was born in Des Moines Iowa in 1891. His family moved to Texas in 1894 and then to Everett Washington in 1901.
 Stiff-tailed ducks are part of the Oxyurinae subfamily of ducks. All have as their name implies long stiff tail feathers which are erected when the bird is at rest. All have relatively large swollen bills.These are freshwater diving ducks.
 New Writings in SF 15 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the fifteenth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in 1969 followed by a paperback edition issued under the slightly variant title New Writings in SF-15 by Corgi the same year.The book collects six novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with a foreword by Carnell.
 Stephen Ralph Windom (born November 6 1949) is an American politician who served as a Senator in the Alabama State Senate from 1989 to 1998 and as the 27th Lieutenant Governor of Alabama from 1999 to 2003. Windom's political career began in the Alabama State Senate when he served for two terms and an initial partial term decided by a special election.
 Rita Mitsouko is the début studio album by the French pop rock group Les Rita Mitsouko. It was released in April 1984 and includes the singles Restez Avec Moi and Marcia Baïla.The album was recorded with veteran producer Conny Plank at Conny's Studio Köln Germany and Studio Rita Mitsouko Paris with overdubs in Conny's Place. Receiving positive reviews the album was originally released as an LP Cassette and CD in April 1984. CD editions include five bonus tracks.
 The South Santiam River is a tributary of the Santiam River about 66 miles (106 km) long in western Oregon in the United States. It drains an area of the Cascade Range into the Willamette Valley east of Corvallis.It rises in the Cascades in southeastern Linn County in the Willamette National Forest at 44.374291°N 122.218128°W﻿ / 44.374291; -122.218128﻿ (South Santiam River source). It flows briefly north then generally west through the Western Cascades and Cascadia.
 Featuring...Ice Cube is a compilation album released by Ice Cube in 1997. The material featured on the compilation spans a length of about seven years. The earliest tracks are taken from the 1990 album AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted while Bend a Corner Wit Me was a brand new release at the time. The compilation was released while Ice Cube was enjoying notoriety from his recent success with Westside Connection.
 Tahlu (Persian: تهلو‎ also Romanized as Tahlū) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District in the Central District of Khamir County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 843 in 201 families.
 Trichosternus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Trichosternus angulosus Chaudoir 1878 Trichosternus fax Darlington 1962 Trichosternus fisheri Darlington 1962 Trichosternus frater Darlington 1962 Trichosternus montorum Darlington 1962 Trichosternus mutatus Darlington 1962 Trichosternus nudipes Darlington 1962 Trichosternus perater Sloane 1923 Trichosternus relictus Darlington 1953 Trichosternus renardi (Chaudoir 1865) Trichosternus simplicipes Sloane 1923 Trichosternus soror Darlington 1953 Trichosternus subvirens (Chaudoir 1865) Trichosternus vigorsi (Gory 1833)↑
 The Jolotca River ( Hungarian: Orotva-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Tulpius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Abu Ali Mustafa (About this sound pronunciation AH-boo AH-lee MOO-stah-fah; Arabic: ابو علي مصطفى‎; 1938 – 27 August 2001) the kunya of Mustafa Alhaj a.k.a. Mustafa Ali Zibri was the Secretary General of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) from July 2000 until he was assassinated by Israel forces.
 1: Nenokkadine is a 2014 Telugu psychological thriller film written and directed by Sukumar. The film was produced by Ram Achanta Gopichand Achanta and Anil Sunkara under 14 Reels Entertainment. The film stars Mahesh Babu and Kriti Sanon in lead roles. After receiving an U/A certificate from Central Board of Film Certification with a pre-release revenue of 900 million (US$15 million) the film was released worldwide on 10 January 2014 in Dolby Atmos.
 Henry Sherwood Q.C. (1807 – July 7 1855) was a Canadian lawyer and Tory politician involved in both provincial and municipal politics. He was appointed Queen's Counsel on 23 January 1838. He served as Mayor of Toronto (1842 to 1844) Solicitor-General of Canada West (1842) and as Joint Premier of the Province of Canada (May 28 1847 to March 11 1848). He was born in Augusta Township Upper Canada and died in Bavaria in 1855 while travelling in Europe.
 Dr. John A. Brown House also known as the Anchorage is a historic home located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It was built in three phases. The core is a 2 1/2-story three-bay side-hall plan quarried granite dwelling with late Federal detailing. It dates to the 1820s. Attached to the core is a brick kitchenwing. Two square multiple-story brick Italian Villa towers were added to the north gable end later in the 19th century.
 The Art of Love (French: L'Art d'aimer) is a 2011 French comedy film directed and written by Emmanuel Mouret. The film stars Mouret himself Pascale Arbillot Ariane Ascaride Frédérique Bel François Cluzet Julie Depardieu Judith Godrèche Stanislas Merhar Elodie Navarre Laurent Stocker and Gaspard Ulliel and is narrated by Philippe Torreton.The Art of Love premiered at the Locarno International Film Festival on 7 August 2011.
 The Jester Race is the second studio album by melodic death metal band In Flames. It is the first album to feature Anders Fridén as the band's vocalist and Björn Gelotte as the drummer. A video for the song Artifacts of the Black Rain was also released. It was also the first album to feature the Jester Head the band's mascot.After releasing The Jester Race the band then toured with Samael Grip Inc. and Kreator.
 Ball Don't Lie is a 2008 film directed by Brin Hill. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name written by Matt de la Peña. It stars AND1 Mixtape team member Grayson Boucher a.k.a. The Professor. The film premiered at the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival.
 Tryvann is a small lake in Nordmarka the forest area just north of Oslo city near the Holmenkollen ski jump. By the water lies a cabin called Tryvannstua in which there is a café regularly open both during summer and winter. On a hill above the lake looms the television tower Tryvannstårnet (The Tryvann tower) visible from most of Oslo. Tryvann is the entry and beginning of Nordmarka. It is used all year around.
 La Turista is a play by the American playwright Sam Shepard first performed in New York in 1967. The title refers to the most common illness among tourists. The two main characters are Salem and Kent which are also the names of brands of cigarettes. It is a two-act dramatic play. The first act takes place in Mexico and the second in the United States. Some see this play as a reference to the Vietnam war.
 Northern Lights is the self-titled debut album by the progressive bluegrass band Northern Lights recorded in 1976 under the Revonah Records label.
 Kotliszowice [kɔtliʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] (formerly German Kottlischowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Toszek 22 km (14 mi) north of Gliwice and 40 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 286.
 Kinkora Crater is a crater in the Mare Tyrrhenum quadrangle of Mars located at 25.2° south latitude and 247.2° west longitude. It is 54.3 km in diameter and was named by the International Astronomical Union's Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature (IAU/WGPSN) in 1991 after the town of Kinkora Prince Edward Island Canada.
 Travolto dagli affetti familiari is a 1978 Italian comedy film directed by Mauro Severino.
 The Book of Other People is a collection of short stories published in 2008 by Penguin Books. Selected and edited by Zadie Smith it contains 23 short stories by 23 different authors among them Nick Hornby David Mitchell Colm Tóibín Jonathan Safran Foer Dave Eggers as well as Smith herself. The collection as evidenced by the title focuses on character; the authors were simply asked to make somebody up.
 Millroy the Magician is a novel by American writer Paul Theroux. It was published in 1993 by Hamish Hamilton in the UK and by Random House the following year in the US where it was chosen as one of the New York Times notable books of the year. The novel has been identified as one of the best of the 1990s. It is a satire of American consumer culture and love of fast food and contains elements of parable and magic realism.
 Kim Jong-un (Korean pronunciation: [ɡ̊imd͜zɔŋʊn]; born 8 January 1983; also romanised as Kim Jong-eun Kim Jong Un or Kim Jung-eun) is the supreme leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea commonly known as North Korea. He is the son of Kim Jong-il (1941–2011) and the grandson of Kim Il-sung (1912–1994).
 Fenimorea halidorema is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 The Garden County Courthouse located at F and Main Sts. in Oshkosh Nebraska is a Classical Revival style courthouse designed by John J. Huddart that was built during 1921-22.It was built to serve Garden County which had broken off of Deuel and was to be located in Oshkosh Nebraska the designated county seat. After Oshkosh was reached by railroad in 1908 a $40000 bond issue was voted but failed in 1914.
 The Kearny Public Library is free public library of Kearny New Jersey. Containing a collection of 85254 volumes it serves a population of approximately 46000 from two locations and circulates 64808 items annually. The main library is one of New Jersey's Carnegie libraries.The Kearny Museum on the upper floor of the main library is a history museum that houses local displays about the town.
 The genus Psephotus has five species of parakeets from Australia. All species show considerable sexual dimorphism.
 Mount Nukap is a mountain associated with the Baffin Mountains on Baffin Island Nunavut Canada.
 Qusay Saddam Hussein al-Tikriti (Arabic: قصي صدام حسين‎) (or Qusai) (16 May 1966 – 22 July 2003) was the second son of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein. He was appointed as his father's heir apparent in 2000.
 Gazk (Persian: گزك‎ also Romanized as Gazak; also known as Gaz and Kaz) is a village in Horjand Rural District Kuhsaran District Ravar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 83 families.
 Max Ray Sherman (born January 19 1935) is a former member of the Texas State Senate from Amarillo Texas. He was also president of West Texas A&M University in Canyon and dean of the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas at Austin.
 Mount Ngerchelchuus is the Republic of Palau's highest point located at the border of the states of Ngardmau and Ngaremlengui on the island of Babeldaob.
 Deadly Cults: The Crimes of True Believers is a book on the subject of cults by Robert L. Snow. It was published November 30 2003 by Praeger Publishers in hardcover format. Snow a retired police captain and former commander of the homicide branch of the Indianapolis Police Department has authored several other books on crime including SWAT Teams and Technology and Law Enforcement.Snow primarily relied on published material for reference but also includes quotes from witnesses and experts.
 Nanjing couple park (Chinese: 南京情侣园) is a park in Nanjing Jiangsu Province China. It was designed by the Chinese master Zhu Youjie and designated as a park in 1909. Its original name is medical park. It is located north of Xuanwu Lake and west of Zijin Mountain. Covering 21.67 hectares one-third of which is water it is a comprehensive park used for entertainment leisure and private ceremonies like weddings.
 Holyoke Glacier is a 1.5-mile-long (2.4 km) glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. It trends southeast on the west bank of College Fjord 6.8 mi (10.9 km) southwest of College Point and 65 mi (105 km) east of Anchorage. It was named by U.S. Grant and D.F. Higgins USGS in 1908. It was named for Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley Massachusetts.
 Rated G is the third album by the 5th Ward Boyz released on November 28 1995 through Rap-a-Lot Records. Producer Mike Dean who had produced the group's previous two albums returned to produce the album with the three members of the 5th Ward Boyz co-producing the album. N.O. Joe who also produced the group's first two albums did not contribute to this album.Rated G peaked at 189 on the Billboard 200 and 35 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums their lowest peak position on either chart.
 Thazi is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 The King of the Sea (original title: Il re del mare) is an exotic adventure novel written by Italian author Emilio Salgari published in 1906. It features his most famous character Sandokan.
 Sphindidae is a family of beetles in the suborder Polyphaga.
 Dangerous Years is a 1947 American drama film produced by Sol M. Wurtzel directed by Arthur Pierson starring Billy Halop and Ann E. Todd. Marilyn Monroe makes her second film appearance as Evie the waitress in the restaurant scene.
 Timothy John Robert Kirkhope (born 29 April 1945) is a British lawyer and politician currently serving as Member of the European Parliament for Yorkshire and the Humber for the Conservative Party. After serving for ten years as Member of Parliament for Leeds North East he was first elected to the European Parliament in 1999.
 Rock Hill Galleria is an enclosed regional shopping mall for York Chester and Lancaster Counties. It is located in Rock Hill South Carolina. Opened in 1991 the mall features 4 anchors (JCPenney Sears Belk and Walmart) and around 70 specialty shops. The mall is currently managed by Cypress Equities.
 The Beskids or Beskid Mountains (Polish: Beskidy Czech and Slovak: Beskydy Rusyn: Бескиды (Beskidy) Ukrainian: Бескиди (Beskydy)) is a traditional name for a series of mountain ranges in the Carpathians stretching from the Czech Republic in the west along the border of Poland with Slovakia up to Ukraine in the east.The highest mountain in the Beskids is Hoverla at 2061 m metres (6762 ft) located in the Ukrainian Chornohora range.
 Gangsters is a 1992 Italian drama film directed by Massimo Guglielmi. It was entered into the 18th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Atopomorpha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pelophryne api is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Malaysia and possibly Brunei.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Orthogonius rhodesiensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Lorenz in 1998.
 Technological Revolutions and Financial Capital: The Dynamics of Bubbles and Golden Ages is a nonfiction book by Carlota Perez that seeks to academically treat the subject of financial bubbles in modern economies by analyzing the emergence of long term technology trends.
 See also Whydah Gally for the pirate ship and Ouidah for the town in Benin. The indigobirds and whydahs are a family Viduidae of small passerine birds native to Africa.These are finch-like species which usually have black or indigo predominating in their plumage.
 The Rise and Fall of the Great Lakes is a 1968 Canadian short film featuring a humorous geography lesson in which a canoeist travels abruptly through time as he crosses the Great Lakes experiencing cataclysmic changes in different eras.
 The Odd Fellows Hall in Hilliard Ohio is an Italianate building that was built in 1883. It served historically as a meeting hall and as a specialty store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Señales (Spanish: Signs) is the first studio album by Argentine pop rock group Erreway. The album was released through Sony Music and Cris Morena Group on 29 July 2002 (see 2002 in music). It was produced by Cris Morena and Carlos Nilson who wrote all songs for the album. Señales sold over 1 million copies worldwide and topped the Argentine Billboard Albums Chart.
 Turnabout Lake is a lake in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located northeast of Lake Hazen on Ellesmere Island It is drained by the Turnabout River which flows into Lake Hazen.The lake the river and Turnabout Glacier were named in 1957-58 during the International Geophysical Year by the Hazen Camp party directed by Geoffrey Hattersley-Smith.
 Pultz Farmhouse is a historic home located at Wurtemberg in Dutchess County New York. The house is a three part one story rectangular dwelling. The central section dates to about 1750 and is a five bay center hall plan building. The two bay north wing was attached about 1800. The saltbox wing was also added about 1800. Also on the property is a contributing machine shed.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 First Test is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce the first book in the series Protector of the Small. It details the first year of Keladry of Mindelan's training as a page of Tortall.
 Lad tiden gå (English: Let time pass) is a 1986 science fiction novel by Danish modernist writer Svend Aage Madsen. The novel focuses on one of the central themes in Madsen's writing - the nature of time. Like most of Madsen's novels it hasn't been published in English.This novel is a typical example of the third phase in Madsen's writing that's like most of his later works is set in the town of Aarhus and has several characters that also appear in his other books (Johanna Sverre).
 Strumigenys emmae is a species of ant that is 1.5 millimeters long and is yellowish brown. It has a 4 segmented antennae small eyes and has hairs on the head mesosoma and petiole that are mostly scale-like or orbicular. They are difficult to find other than when encountered in leaf litter samples or pitfall traps. They are normally slow moving but they can move fast when disturbed. The species first strike usually kills its prey. The species colony is small.
 Doraemon The Future 2008 or fully known as Nobita and the Legend of the Green Giant (Eiga Doraemon Nobita to Midori no Kyojinden 映画 ドラえもん のび太と緑の巨人伝 Eiga Doraemon Nobita To Midori No Kyojinden) is an anime film that was released in Japan on 8 March 2008.The story is based on the story in volume 26 Forest is living and in volume 33 Goodbye Ki-bō. This movie is not a remake however Ki-bō has appeared already in the 1992 film Nobita and the Kingdom of Clouds.
 Fat Farm is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection Maps in a Mirror. Card originally published this story in the January 1980 issue of Omni magazine.
 Super Seven Calling Cairo or Superseven chiama Cairo is a 1965 Italian Eurospy film directed by Umberto Lenzi and filmed in Egypt. It is directly inspired by James Bond.
 Bętlewo [bɛnˈtlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgie within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-east of Lipno and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Ulja is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 UVU Review is the independent student-run newspaper for Utah Valley University. The paper's name became official with its June 30 2008 issue - the day before UVU officially became a university.The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and spring semesters and fortnightly during the two summer semester blocks.The paper typically runs with two sections between twelve pages and sixteen pages.
 The Micoiu River or Micoaia River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mic River in Romania.
 A Mind at Peace (Archipelago Books 2008 and 2011; English translation by Erdağ Göknar of Huzur 1949) is an iconic Turkish novel by Ahmet Hamdi Tanpınar (1901–62) one of the pioneers of literary modernism in Turkey. Tanpınar was a poet novelist and critic who worked as a professor of Ottoman and Turkish literature at Istanbul University.
 Kleine Donau is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 San Barnaba is a Roman Catholic church located at the intersection of Via Giovanni Chiassi and Via Carlo Poma in Mantua.
 Fortun is a village in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located in the Fortundalen valley just east of Skjolden at the innermost part of the Lustrafjorden. The Sognefjellsvegen road passes through the village. Fortun is an old church site having a stave church on the site since the 1100s. The present Fortun Church was built in 1879 in the village and it serves the eastern part of the municipality.
 Elysius lavinia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 St. John The Evangelist Catholic Church is a historic church on York Street in Bangor Maine.It was built under Fr. Johannes Bapst in 1855 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.The building also houses the Parish offices of St. Paul The Apostle Parish; which includes the Catholic communities of St. John The Evangelist in Bangor St. Mary's in Bangor St. Joseph in Brewer St. Theresa of Avila in Brewer St. Matthew in Hampden and St.
 Jungfer Sie gefällt mir is an East German film. It was released in 1969.
 Red Alert is a 1958 novel by Peter George about nuclear war. The book was the underlying inspiration for Stanley Kubrick's 1964 film Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb.
 Shades is the sixth album by JJ Cale. Released in 1981.
 The Explorer's Handbook is a game manual for the Eberron campaign setting of the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Caleb Smith Woodhull (February 26 1792 – July 16 1866) was the 70th Mayor of New York City from 1849 to 1851.
 Vatnebu is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Toxochitona vansomereni is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda (from the south-western part of the country to the Kigezi district).
 For Asian bamboo rats (family: Spalacidae) see Bamboo rat.The Amazon bamboo rat (Dactylomys dactylinus) is a species of spiny rat from the Amazon Basin of South America. It is also referred to as coro-coro Toró Rato-do-Bambú or Rata del Bambú in different parts of its range. The rat has a body length of over 600 millimeters (about 24 inches) and is covered in olive-grey fur. The bamboo rat prefers to reside in areas of dense vegetation such as clumps of bamboo or in the canopy.
 Fort Kamehameha was a United States Army military base that was the site of several coastal artillery batteries to defend Pearl Harbor starting in 1907 in Honolulu Hawaii.
 The W. S. Salmon House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a 2.5-story apartment house listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in the Queen Anne style in 1890 it was added to the register in 1994.The 2478-square-foot (230.2 m2) structure built as a single-family dwelling for W. S. Salmon was originally located on the northwest corner of Southeast 13th Avenue and Morrison Street. In 1913 architect R. F.
 Sloane's viperfish Chauliodus sloani is a dragonfish of the genus Chauliodus found in all tropical and subtropical oceans at depths down to 2500 m. Their length is between 20 and 35 cm.As a species Sloane's viperfish holds the world record for largest teeth relative to head size in a fish. It has teeth so large it must open its mouth to make the jaws vertical before it can swallow prey. When the mouth is closed the teeth overlap the jaws.
 Welcome 2 My Nightmare is the 26th studio album by Alice Cooper released in September 2011. Peaking at No. 22 in the Billboard 200 it is Cooper's highest-charting album in the US since 1991's Hey Stoopid.The idea for the album came about soon after the thirtieth anniversary of the original Welcome to My Nightmare album while Cooper was talking with producer Bob Ezrin who proposed the idea of a sequel to Welcome to My Nightmare.
 Michałów [miˈxawuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Halinów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Halinów 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 27 km (17 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Bolasyanahatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Charlottesville Fashion Square is the only indoor shopping mall in the Charlottesville Virginia area. It is a regional mall located about one mile (1.6 km) north of the Charlottesville city limits on U.S. Route 29 in Albemarle County. The mall is operated by Simon Property Group and features four primary tenant spaces.
 The Petroleum Building (formerly known as the Hogan Building) is a highrise in downtown Midland TX. The building was built in 1928 and consists of 12 floors and has a neo-gothic style architecture to it. The building stands at 137 ft but with its spires reaches a height of 151 ft. The Hogan building is a registered Texas historical landmark. The tower is named for lawyer and oil entrepreneur Thomas Stephen Hogan. For information on Hogan see article on Jacob Bunn.
 Funky Kingston is the name of two albums by reggae singing group Toots and the Maytals. The first was issued in Jamaica and the United Kingdom in 1972 on Dragon Records DRLS 5002 a subsidiary label of Island Records owned by Chris Blackwell. A different album with the same cover and title was issued in the United States in 1975 on Mango Records MLPS 9330. That album peaked at #164 on the Billboard 200 and was voted the eleventh best album of 1975 in the annual Pazz & Jop poll.
 Terebra bratcherae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Last Battle Of The Icemark is the Third and presumably final book in the Icemark Chronicles by English author Stuart Hill. It was released on the 7 July 2008 in the United Kingdom and was released on 15 April 2009 in the US. It is currently out of print in the United Kingdom.
 Touch (タッチ Tatchi) (tûch) is a Japanese high school baseball manga by Mitsuru Adachi. It was originally serialized in the weekly manga magazine Shōnen Sunday from 1981–1986.
 The Incredible Tide is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel written by Alexander Key published in 1970. It was the inspiration for the Japanese animated television series Future Boy Conan directed by Hayao Miyazaki.
 Nycteribiidae of the true fly superfamily Hippoboscoidea are known as bat flies together with their close relatives the Streblidae. As the latter do not seem to be a monophyletic group it is conceivable to unite all bat flies in a single family.They are flattened spiderlike flies without eyes or wings and are seldom encountered by general collectors as they almost never leave the bodies of their hosts. Both males and females take blood meals thus they qualify as real parasites.
 The Sewall-Belmont House and Museum located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Washington D.C. USA is a historic house and museum of the U.S. women's suffrage and equal-rights movements.The Sewall-Belmont House & Museum is located at 144 Constitution Ave. Northeast Washington D.C. and the public entrance is on 2nd Street NE next to the Hart Senate Office Building. It is open to the public Thursday Friday and Saturday for tours at 11 a.m. 1 p.m. and 3 p.m.
 Agonopterix irrorata is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in France Switzerland Sicily Croatia Ukraine Greece Crete and Israel.The wingspan is 16–20 mm.
 The Dead Live By Love is the second and final full length album by Scottish metalcore band Mendeed.
 ... De la planète Mars is the first album by IAM produced by Sodi. The album was well received but tentatively due to the few tracks where the rapping was done in English.[citation needed]
 The Amazon (Вои′тельница; also The Warrior Woman) is a short novel by Nikolai Leskov first published in the April (vol.1; #7) 1866 issue of Otechestvennye zapiski with a dedication to the painter Mikhaylo Mikeshin whom the author was friends at the time. It featured in Novelets Sketches and Stories by M.Stebnitsky (vol. 1 1967) and later The Complete Leskov (1889) in slightly different version.
 The Man from Utah is a 1934 Western movie starring John Wayne Polly Ann Young (sister of Loretta Young) Lafe McKee Edward Peil Sr. and stuntman–actor Yakima Canutt. The film was written by Lindsley Parsons and directed by Robert N. Bradbury.
 The Whitewater River is a small permanent stream in western Riverside County California except for a small upstream portion in southwestern San Bernardino County. Its headwaters are in the San Bernardino Mountains and 'mouth'—terminus in the Colorado Desert. The Whitewater River is in the endorheic Salton Sea drainage basin.The community of Whitewater is named after the river.
 Rabindra Kumar Rana (born 23 January 1947) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Khagaria constituency of Bihar and is a member of the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) political party.His name was came in famous Fodder scam.
 Michael G. Summers (born November 19 1972) is the current State Delegate for District 47 in Prince George's County Maryland. He was born in and he lived in Cheverly Maryland.
 Suicide Vampire is the fourth album from the Italian symphonic black metal band Theatres des Vampires. The Theatres des Vampires drummer Gabriel Valerio was unavailable during the recording of the album so the drums were recorded by Nick A. for this album.
 Labdia is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Nebulosa nasor is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found along the western slope of the Colombian Andes.The length of the forewings is 17-18.5 mm for males and 20 mm for females.
 Eupithecia juncalensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the Region of Valparaiso (Aconcagua Province) in Chile. The habitat consists of the Central Valley Biotic Province.The length of the forewings is about 9 mm for males and 9.5 mm for females. The forewings are pale grey with numerous grey and brown scales resulting in a somewhat mottled appearance. The hindwings are greyish with dark scaling along the anal margin. Adults have been recorded on wing in November.
 State and Local Government Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal on public administration. Since 2006 the editor-in-chief is Michael J. Scicchitano (University of Florida).
 The bumpy rocket frog or Peters' frog (Litoria inermis) is an abundant species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to northern Australia south to Maryborough Queensland.
 Transtillaspis bascanion is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Peru.
 I Can't Get Started is a 1985 Australian film about a man who writes a successful novel.
 The red drum (Sciaenops ocellatus) also known as channel bass redfish spottail bass or simply reds is a game fish that is found in the Atlantic Ocean from Massachusetts to Florida and in the Gulf of Mexico from Florida to Northern Mexico. It is the only species in the genus Sciaenops.
 Student Hidjo (Perfected spelling Student Hijo both meaning Student Green) is a 1918 novel by Marco Kartodikromo. Originally published as a serial in Sinar Hindia it was republished in book form in 1919 by Masman & Stroink.Written while Kartodikromo was in prison Student Hidjo tells the story of Hidjo a Javanese student sent to the Netherlands to study but eventually falls for a Dutchwoman.
 Up Off The Floor is the 2004 album released by God Lives Underwater and is their third full length album. The album was originally recorded in 2000 but due to drug problems within the band and their record label going bankrupt the album was shelved until Megaforce Records picked it up.
 Sentir Venezolano (Venezuelan feeling) is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan llanero singer Ángel Custodio Loyola released and recorded in 1974.
 Lyscombe Hill (262 metres 860 feet high) is a hill near Melcombe Bingham about 14 kilometres north-northeast of Dorchester in the county of Dorset England.
 Mazraeh-ye Allah Qoli (Persian: مزرعه اله قلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Allah Qolī) is a village in Balesh Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mian Rah (Persian: ميان راه‎ also Romanized as Mīān Rāh; also known as Mīān Rāh-e Vīzhehnān and Mīān Rāh-e Vīzhnān) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 11 families.
 Silberberg is a mountain of Bavarian Forest Bavaria Germany.
 Heaven and Earth　(天と地と Ten to chi to) is a 1990 film directed by Haruki Kadokawa starring Enoki Takaaki Tsugawa Masahiko Asano Atsuko Zaizen Naomi and Nomura Hironobu.
 Nirmalidada is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2326 persons living in 410 individual households.
 10 Hudson Yards is an office building currently under construction in Manhattan's West Side. Located near Hell's Kitchen Chelsea and the Penn Station area the building is a part of the Hudson Yards project a plan to redevelop the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's West Side Yards. Until November 2013 it was known as the South Tower. Due to the fact that Coach Inc. is the anchor tenant the tower is sometimes informally called the Coach Tower.
 Not Sokute is an EP containing five songs and the debut release by French indie singer-songwriter SoKo. It was released on April 11 2007.
 Dąbrowice [dɔmbrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Koronowo and 23 km (14 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 The Church of Fiães is a Romanesque and Baroque era Portuguese religious building located in the municipality of Melgaço in the northern district of Viana do Castelo. Originally a Roman-Cistercian church it was remodeled during the 17th and early 18th century in the Baroque style but still exemplifies many of the characteristics of the early building (typifying the Galician Cisterian monasteries and Minhota churches of the time).
 Bowman Glacier is a deeply entrenched glacier 40 nautical miles (70 km) long descending the polar plateau between the Quarles Range and the Rawson Plateau of the Queen Maud Mountains to enter the Ross Ice Shelf just west of the flow of Amundsen Glacier. It was discovered in December 1929 by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition geological party under Laurence Gould and named by Richard E.
 Clifford W. Cliff Crouch (born May 7 1945) is a Republican member of the New York State Assembly for the 107th district. He was first elected in 1995 following the resignation of Clarence Rappleyea.
 Indi Lake is a man-made lake in central Saskatchewan Canada south of Saskatoon in the rural municipality of Dundurn No. 314. The lake was created for recreation in 1967 by a dam located at its south end.
 Ja eventualno bih ako njega eliminišete is the second studio album by the Serbian punk rock band Atheist Rap released by PGP-RTS in 1995. The album previously available only on compact cassette was re-released by Hi-Fi Centar featuring bonus material. The album title is an acronym for jebanje (fucking)
 Pentila christina is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Ituri and North Kivu).
 Limbe Provincial Hospital (also Limbe Regional Hospital and Mile 1 Hospital) is a 200-bed hospital in the Southwest Province of Cameroon and is the principal referral hospital for the region.
 Franklintown Historic District is a national historic district in Baltimore Maryland United States. It is the result of a plan developed in 1832 by William H. Freeman (1790-1863) a local politician and entrepreneur. His plan evolved gradually over the course of several decades and owes its success to his untiring promotion of the village. The central feature is an oval plan with radiating lots around a central wooded park.
 Mustapha Adib (Arabic: مصطفى أديب‎; born 1968 in Taroudant) is a Moroccan human rights activist and ex captain of the Royal Moroccan Air Force who has been imprisoned for 30 months in the early 2000s after he denounced corruption in the military.
 The plains rat or plains mouse or eastern mouse or palyoora (Pseudomys australis) is a threatened rodent species native to inland Australia.
 Rainbow Rider is the third solo album by Mike Harrison most notable as a principal lead singer for Spooky Tooth. It was released in 1975 on Island Records. In addition to being part of Harrison's body of solo work the album is notable as containing one of the earlier and comparatively rare recordings of the Bob Dylan song I'll Keep It With Mine written in 1964 and recorded by Nico Fairport Convention and Marianne Faithfull among others.
 The Hines Mansion is a historic house located in Provo Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The Hines Mansion was built in 1895 for R. Spencer Hines and his wife Kitty. At the time this mansion was built it was recognized as one of the finest homes in Provo. The Hines Mansion was designated to the Provo City Historic Landmarks Registry on March 7 1996.
 Anik Mountain (Russian: гора Аник) is the highest peak of Primorsky Krai Russia. It is located in the north of Primorsky Krai on the border with Khabarovsk Krai. Anik Mountain is third highest peak (after Tordoki Yani and Ko Mountain) of the Sikhote-Alin mountain system.
 Chahar Borj (Persian: چهاربرج‎ also Romanized as Chahār Borj) is a village in Darvahi Rural District Ab Pakhsh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1253 in 255 families.
 The Stejar River (Hungarian: Szarvaság ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. Its name means Oak tree in Romanian andDeer Branch in Hungarian.
 Deloneura ochrascens is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda Kenya Tanzania and Malawi. The habitat consists of woodland and savanna at altitudes ranging from 900 to 1700 metres.The larvae have been found on the bark of Acacia stenocarpa and are associated with the ant species Crematogaster castanea var. tricolor. The larvae are thought to feed on the bark of their host plant or fungus or lichen growing on the bark.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Steinwald is a mountain range up to 946 m above sea level in southern Germany and at the same time a nature park (Steinwald Nature Park) founded in 1970 with an area of 246 square kilometres (95 sq mi) in the province of Upper Palatinate in North Bavaria.
 La Resistencia is a 1972 Argentine film.
 The White-winged Lark (Melanocorypha leucoptera) is a species of lark found in central Asia from the Caucasus east across temperate southern Asia and Kazakhstan. It is partially migratory with birds tending to move south in winter. The southernmost birds are mainly resident. It is a very rare vagrant to western Europe.
 Glia is a Monthly peer reviewed scientific journal covering research on the structure and function of neuroglia. It was established in 1988 and is published by John Wiley & Sons. The founding and current editors-in-chief are Bruce R. Ransom (University of Washington School of Medicine) and Helmut Kettenmann (Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine).
 Simskardvatnet (Southern Sami: Sijdurrienjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county Norway. It is the headwaters of the river Vefsna. The lake lies within Børgefjell National Park just east of the municipal border with Grane.
 The Valea Vizuinii River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 The Edgar Allan Poe National Historic Site is a preserved home once rented by American author Edgar Allan Poe located in the Spring Garden neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Though Poe lived in many houses over several years in Philadelphia (1837 to 1844) it is the only one which still survives.
 The Jewels of Aptor is a 1962 science fantasy novel by Samuel R. Delany his first published novel. It first appeared as an Ace Double F-173 together with Second Ending by James White. Later editions had a restored and revised text as about a third of the text was originally excised by Ace Books
 Gábor Borókai (b. 14 June 1961) is a Hungarian politician who was a spokesman for the Hungarian government from 9 July 1998 to 27 May 2002.He worked for Nemzeti Sport from 1985. After ten years he moved into political journalism. He was editor in chief of the Reform between 1997 and 1998. He dealt primarily with domestic political topics.Viktor Orbán appointed Borókai spokesman of the cabinet. He held this position as political state secretary of the Prime Minister's Office from 1999.
 Guayaques Lake is a lake in the Eduardo Avaroa Andean Fauna National Reserve of the Potosí Department Bolivia. Its surface area is 1.43 km².
 The Eddy County Courthouse in New Rockford North Dakota was built during 1899-1900. Designed by M.E. Beebe the building is architecturally significant as anoutstanding example to the community of monumental public architecture. At the time of its National Register nomination in 1985 it was in pristine condition.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Bernie is a 1996 movie from French director and actor Albert Dupontel.
 Teretistris is a genus of bird in the Parulidae family. It contains the following species: Yellow-headed Warbler (Teretistris fernandinae) Oriente Warbler (Teretistris fornsi)↑
 Liotiidae is a family of small sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 Anthony Trollope's novel Sir Harry Hotspur of Humblethwaite appeared in 1871.The novel offers psychological dissection of the issues of inheritance filial duty noblesse oblige gentlemanly behaviour repentance and love all hung upon the story of the wooing and losing of Sir Harry Hotspur's daughter (and heir to his property) Emily by their scamp of a cousin (and heir to Sir Harry's baronetcy) Captain George Hotspur.
 The Pârâul Mic is a tributary of the Cernat River in Romania.
 The Miami New Times is a free weekly newspaper published in Miami and distributed every Thursday. It primarily serves the Miami area and is headquartered in Miami's Wynwood Art District.
 The Church of St Cadoc at Raglan Monmouthshire south east Wales is the parish church of the village of Raglan. Dating originally from the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries the church was heavily restored by Thomas Henry Wyatt in 1867-8. Built in the Decorated style the church is a Grade II* listed building.
 Dr. John C. Irons House also known as the Dr. S. G. Moore Home is a historic home located at Elkins Randolph County West Virginia. It was built in 1889 and is a two-story Italianate frame dwelling with drop wood siding a brick foundation and a T-shape plan with rear one-story addition. It has a low pitched gable end to the side with a two-story projecting angled bay added about 1911.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Diasporus citrinobapheus or yellow dyer rainfrog is a frog native to the Cordillera Central of western Panama. It was first described in 2012.The specific name citrinobapheus is derived from the Greek citrinos (citrin-yellow) and bapheus (dyer) referring to the yellow body color that dyes one's fingers yellowish when the frog is handled.
 Jintara Poonlarp 24 (subtitled 'Rock mor lam'; Thai ร็อคหมอลำ)is a mor lam and luk thung album by the Thai singer Jintara Poonlarp. Released on the Master Tape label it was the second-last album in her first series of recordings and her 24th original album.
 The Thermopolis Main Post Office in Thermopolis Wyoming was built as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Thermopolis was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
 Kas Nazan (Persian: كس نزان‎ also Romanized as Kas Nazān and Kasnazān) is a village in Zarrineh Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 746 in 157 families.
 The Austin Daily Tribune Building later known as the Ernest O. Thompson State Office Building is a Moderne style office building located at 920 Colorado in Austin Texas. It was built in 1941 as the headquarters of the Austin Daily Tribune a short-lived newspaper that ceased publishing in 1942. The State of Texas purchased the building in 1945 and it was renamed in 1965 for Texas Railroad Commissioner Ernest O. Thompson.
 Arthur J. Art Lentini (born March 23 1953) is an attorney in Metairie Louisiana United States who served from 1996 to 2008 as a Republican member of the Louisiana State Senate from District 10 in Jefferson Parish in the New Orleans suburbs. For eight years he was the Senate parliamentarian. He was term-limited in the nonpartisan blanket primary held on October 20 2007 and hence ineligible to seek a fourth term in the Senate.
 Monte Alpi with its twin peaks Pizzo Falcone (1.900 m) and S. Croce (1.893 m) is a mountain of Basilicata Italy.
 The Ute Mountain Fire Tower is in Ashley National Forest southwest of Manila Utah. It was built in 1937 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 10 1980.
 Catoblepia is a genus of Neotropical butterflies in the family Nymphalidae. Larvae feed in bananas and rotting fruit.
 Jinpūkaku (仁風閣 Jinpūkaku) is a Western-style French Renaissance style residence of the Ikeda clan located in Tottori Tottori Prefecture Japan.
 Phyllidia ocellata is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phyllidiidae.
 Lucille Méthé (born December 15 1957 in Henryville Quebec) was the Action démocratique du Québec Member of the National Assembly of Quebec Canada for the electoral district of Saint-Jean.
 The Franklin B. Jenkins House is a historic house at 37 Chestnut Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. Built c. 1895 it is one of Stoneham's finest Queen Anne Victorian houses. The 2.5 story wood frame house has an L shape with a distinctive octagonal turret section at the crook of the L.
 Deiphon is a distinctive genus of Silurian phacopid trilobites of the family Cheiruridae found in Western and Central Europe and in Central and Eastern United States. The type species D. forbesi from Bohemia in what is now the Czech Republic was discovered and described by the French paleontologist Joachim Barrande in 1850.
 Gomti Ke Kinare is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Saawan Kumar Tak. The film stars Meena Kumari and Mumtaz. Amitabh Bachchan was being considered (to play hero opposite Mumtaz) by Saawan Kumar and Meena Kumari. However Mumtaz who was close to the Khan brothers those days recommended Sameer Khan and the audience missed the golden opportunity to see Amitabh along with legendary Meena Kumari.
 Terry Wayne Gee Sr. (born September 21 1940) is an officer of Ecoloclean Industries Inc. who formerly served three four-year terms as a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Gee represented parts of Jefferson and Orleans parishes from 1980 until he was defeated for a fourth term effective 1992. He resided in the Algiers section of New Orleans when he was a legislator.
 Big Bald Mountain is a prominent peak in the Canadian province of New Brunswick. It lies adjacent to Colonels Mountain east of the Christmas Mountains and near the headwaters of the Northwest Miramichi River the Sevogle River and the South Branch Nepisiguit River.
 Łąsko Wielkie [ˈwɔ̃skɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Lenzhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Koronowo and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 420.
 Branded Man is the fourth studio album by American country music singer-songwriter Merle Haggard. The song Somewhere Between was a number one success for the Dutch Tumbleweeds (with Ton Masseurs) in 1975. The song was also covered by Suzy Bogguss as the opening track of her 1989 debut studio album of the same name and the first single from the album.
 Congregation Beth Israel also known as the Orchard Street Shul is a traditional synagogue in New Haven Connecticut.
 Qasem Khan (Persian: قاسم خان‎ also Romanized as Qāsem Khān) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 81 families.
 Cobbs Creek is a neighborhood located in the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States . Cobbs Creek is generally bound by Market Street to the north Baltimore Avenue to the south 52nd Street to the east and Cobbs Creek Parkway to the west.
 Saint Guthlac's Church Market Deeping is a parish church of the Church of England in Market Deeping Lincolnshire England.
 Larry E. Haines (born 11 April 1938) was a Republican member of the Maryland Senate from 1991 to 2011.
 Stigmella myrtillella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia and northern Russia to the Pyrenees Italy and Bulgaria and from Ireland to Ukraine.The wingspan is 54-63 mm. Adults are on wing in May and June.The larvae feed on Vaccinium myrtillus and Vaccinium uliginosum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a contorted gallery and often a secondary blotch. The frass is concentrated in a thick central line.
 One Avighna Park is a cluster redevelopment project and is envisaged to house- Twin 64-storey Luxury Residential Towers One 40-storey Hospitality/Commercial Tower & Seven Rehabilitation Towers in Mumbai Maharashtra. It is spread across seven acres of Islam Mill Compound Lower Parel (E).
 The Pojărel River is a tributary of the Pojaru River in Romania.
 Babice [baˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywcza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Krzywcza 22 km (14 mi) west of Przemyśl and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 310.
 The Cox Ford Covered Bridge crosses Sugar Creek along the west edge of Turkey Run State Park Parke County. This single span Burr Arch truss structure has a length of 176 feet (54 m) or 192 feet (59 m) including the 8 feet (2.4 m) overhang at each end with a portal clearance 16 feet (4.9 m) wide by 13 feet (4.0 m) in height. Built in 1913 by Joseph A.
 Yonnondio: From the Thirties is a novel by American author Tillie Olsen which was published in 1974 but written in the 1930s. The novel details the lives of the Holbrook family depicting their struggle to survive during the 1920s. Yonnondio explores the life of the working-class family as well as themes of motherhood socioeconomic order and the pre-depression era. The novel was published as an unfinished work.
 Surviving You Always is the debut album of post-hardcore band Saccharine Trust released in 1984 through SST.
 The Bumblebee cichlid or Hornet cichlid Pseudotropheus crabro is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is found in different habitats but most frequently in large caves or in the vicinity of large boulders. This species can reach a length of 9.4 centimetres (3.7 in) SL.The bumblebee cichlid has an elongate body with vertical yellow-and-black bumblebee bars. Juveniles are brightly colored but become darker when mature especially for males.
 Öringesjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden. It is located on the border of Nacka Municipality and Tyresö Municipality.
 Kidco is a 1984 comedy film directed by Ronald F. Maxwell and starring Scott Schwartz Marty Van Hoe Mahlon Richmond Clifton James and Vincent Schiavelli.
 Hubli is a 2006 Kannada action-thriller-drama film directed by Om Prakash Rao featuring Sudeep and Rakshita in the lead roles. The film features background score and soundtrack composed by A.R Hemanth and lyrics by Da Ra Bendre K. Kalyan and Padma Hemanth. The film released on 10 November 2006.
 Blepsias is a genus of sea ravens native to the northern Pacific Ocean.
 Seyyed Mordeh-ye Yusefi (Persian: سيدمرده يوسفي‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Mordeh-ye Yūsefī; also known as Seyyed Mordeh) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kingman Pass el. 7119 feet (2170 m) is a mountain pass between Terrance Mountain and Bunsen Peak on the Grand Loop Road (U.S. Route 89) just south of Mammoth Hot Springs in Yellowstone National Park. The pass is named for Lieutenant Dan Christie Kingman of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Kingman rebuilt this difficult portion of the Grand Loop Road in the area known as The Golden Gate in 1883.
 Point24 is a free daily newspaper in Luxembourg.
 Rudo y Cursi (Spanish literally Rude and Tacky) is a 2008 Mexican film starring Diego Luna Gael García Bernal and Guillermo Francella. It is directed by Carlos Cuarón (Alfonso Cuarón's brother) and produced by Cha Cha Cha Films (production company created by Alfonso Cuarón Guillermo del Toro and Alejandro González Iñárritu).
 Gerald W. Gerry Hyland is a member of the Fairfax County Virginia Board of Supervisors. A Democrat he has represented the Mount Vernon District (which includes Mount Vernon Lorton and Belle Haven) since 1988 (six four year terms). He served in the United States Air Force for 30 years six of which on active duty and four overseas.
 Samvel Babayan (Armenian: Սամվել Բաբայան) (born 5 March 1965) was the Commander in Chief of the Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army from 1994 to 2000 and current leader of the Dashink political party in Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.
 James C. Sheehan (born January 27 1966 in Warwick Rhode Island) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island Senate representing District 36 since January 2003. Sheehan served consecutively from January 2001 until January 2003 in the District 23 seat.
 The William Penn Snyder House at 852 Ridge Avenue in the Allegheny West neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in 1911. It was added to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 1972 the List of City of Pittsburgh historic designations on March 15 1974 and the National Register of Historic Places on May 3 1976.
 Le Cabinet des Antiques (The Cabinet of Antiquities) is a French novel published by Honoré de Balzac in 1838 under the title les Rivalités en province (Rivalries in the provinces) in le Constitutionnel then published as a work in its own right in 1838 by the Souverain publishing house.With la Vieille Fille the work fits into les Rivalités an isolated group in the Scènes de la vie de province collection of la Comédie humaine.
 Joseph Zuzarte Murumbi (1911–1990) was Kenya's second Vice-President from May 1965 until December 1966. He was a child of a Goan trader and a Maasai woman and he spent the first 16 years of his life in India.
 Internationalist is the third studio album by Australian alternative rock band Powderfinger. The album was released on 7 September 1998 and was often labelled Powderfinger's most adventurous work with greater experimentation than in previous works.Internationalist followed in the success of its predecessor Double Allergic and was certified five times platinum in Australia. Internationalist received four ARIA Music Awards including Album of the Year.
 The Uloboroidea are a superfamily of cribellate araneomorph spiders. They contain two families of eight-eyed spiders: Deinopidae Uloboridae↑
 Doktor od jezera hrochů is a Czech-language comedy film directed by Zdenek Troska. It was released in 2010.
 The Administration Building is a historic building on the campus of Lake Erie College in Painesville Ohio United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Polar is the second album by The High Water Marks. It was released in 2007 on Happy Happy Birthday To Me Records.
 Penguin: Pain and Prejudice is a limited comic book series written by Gregg Hurwitz and published by DC Comics. IGN rated its individual issues between 8.0 and 9.0 out of 10.
 Between Two Waves is a play by Australian playwright Ian Meadows. It was first produced by Griffin Theatre Company in 2012 and published by Currency Press in the same year.
 Amna Nurhusein is the Minister of Health in Eritrea. She was previously the Minister of Tourism. She was elevated to this position in 2001.
 Frank R. Pokorny (July 10 1923 – January 30 1999) was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 Clever Au is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Heaven on Earth is an album by American organist Larry Young recorded in 1968 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Benjamin Chew (November 19 1722 – January 20 1810) was a fifth-generation American a Quaker-born legal scholar a prominent and successful Philadelphia lawyer head of the Pennsylvania Judiciary System under both Colony and Commonwealth and Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Province of Pennsylvania. Chew was well known for his precision and brevity in making legal arguments as well as his excellent memory judgment and knowledge of statutory law.
 Ultraman (長篇怪獣映画ウルトラマン Chōhen Kaijū Eiga Urutoraman) is a 1967 Japanese tokusatsu kaiju film consisting of re-edited material from the original television series Ultraman directed by Hajime and Eiji Tsuburaya and produced by Tsuburaya Productions and Toho.
 Kidz Bop 23 is the 23rd album in the Kidz Bop series and was released on January 15 2013. It debuted at No. 2 on the US Billboard 200 albums chart with sales of over 81000 copies (28000 via digital download) the best sales week for any Kidz Bop album since Kidz Bop 10 sold 117000 in August 2006. In addition to television advertisements and the series' website sales were buoyed by the launch of a line of toys and karaoke machines in late 2012 and a Burger King kids meal promotion.
 Battery Steele (U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Battery Construction #102) is a United States military fortification on Peaks Island Portland Maine in Casco Bay. Completed in 1942 as part of World War II it is located on 14 acres (5.7 ha) on the oceanside area of the island. It is named for Harry Lee Steele who was a coastal artillery officer during World War I. It was built to protect Casco Bay particularly Portland harbor from Kennebunk to Popham Beach in Phippsburg.
 Sir William Bromley (1663 – 13 February 1732) was an English Tory politician. He was Speaker of the House of Commons of Great Britain from 1710 to 1713 and Secretary of State for the Northern Department from 1713 to 1714.Bromley was a member of an old Staffordshire family which by the time of his birth was settled in Warwickshire. He was the son of Sir William Bromley (died 1682) and his wife Ursula (a daughter of Thomas Leigh 1st Baron Leigh of Stoneleigh Warwickshire).
 Megalomastomatidae is a family of tropical land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cyclophoroidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).This family has no subfamilies.
 Börnepader is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 San Gorgonio Pass el. 1591 ft (485 m) is a gap on the rim of the Great Basin between the San Bernardino Mountains to the north and the San Jacinto Mountains to the south carrying Interstate 10 and the Union Pacific Railroad between the Los Angeles basin and the Coachella Valley. Like Cajon Pass to the northwest it was created by the San Andreas Fault with the valleys leading up to the pass aligned with the fault.
 Alter River (Swedish: Alterälven) is a river in Sweden.
 Play (stylized as PLAY) is a monthly magazine produced by Imagine Publishing in the United Kingdom which reports on Sony's PlayStation product range. It is the UK's longest-running PlayStation magazine and is in its 17th year on sale as of 2012. The print publication is available worldwide as well as digitally on iPhone iPod Touch and iPad via a distribution agreement with Pixel Mags.
 William Syphax School now known as Syphax Village is an historic structure located in the Southwest Quadrant of Washington D.C. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Ramkot Fort is an ancient fort situated in Azad Kashmir Pakistan beside the Mangla Dam. It is accessible through boat 13 kilometers away from Dina and 79 kilometers by road from Mirpur Azad Kashmir to Dadyal village. The fort is a 30 minute walk from Dadyal.Located on the summit of a hill Ramkot Fort is built over the site of an old Hindu Shiva temple. Three sides of this hilltop are surrounded by the River Jhelum.
 Selimiye Döşemealtı is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Chaudhary Surender Singh was an Indian politician from the Haryana Vikas Party and twice represented Bhiwani constituency in the Parliament of India.
 The Chiuveș River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 Hasteh Kuh (Persian: هسته كوه‎ also Romanized as Hasteh Kūh) is a village in Mehran Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 15 families.
 Faith & Family was a quarterly periodical published by Bayard Inc. about Catholic living with a particular emphasis on marriage and motherhood. The online version of the magazine featured a daily blog with posts about food culture health family life and life in the Church. Faith & Family Magazine received the Catholic Press Association's Best General Interest Magazine award six years in a row.
 Coladenia indrani commonly known as the Tricolour Flat is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae.
 9th Empyrean is the second studio album by Taiwanese black metal band Chthonic released in 2000. The album was originally only available in Taiwan until it was re-released by Nightfall Records in English format in 2002. Both versions of the album are now out of print and extremely difficult to find.It is the only Chthonic album to feature two different (although similar) album covers upon its initial release.
 Nevermind It's an Interview is the only officially released interview CD of American grunge band Nirvana. It was only a promotional release and was never commercially available. Released in limited-edition form worldwide in 1992 by Geffen Records written produced and engineered at WFNX Boston by Kurt St. Thomas and Troy Smith (authors of Nirvana: The Chosen Rejects[1] St. Martin's Press 2004). The original interview sessions were recorded by St.
 Eslemez is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy Amasya Province Turkey.
 St. Michael's Church (in full St. Michael and All Angels) is an Anglican church in Brighton England dating from the mid-Victorian era. Located on Victoria Road in the Montpelier area to the east of Montpelier Road it is one of the largest churches in the city of Brighton and Hove. The church is a Grade I listed building.
 Hayrünnisa Gül (pronounced [ˌhajɾyˈnisa ˈɟyl]; née Özyurt born August 18 1965 in İstanbul) is the current First Lady of Turkey. She married Abdullah Gül the current President of Turkey on August 20 1980 when she was 15 and he was 30.They have two sons (Ahmed Münir Mehmed Emre) and one daughter (Kübra).
 The Church Street-Caddy Hill Historic District originally known as the Church Street Historic District is a historic district in North Adams Massachusetts. It was first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and was expanded and renamed in 1985. The district encompasses the principal residential areas near the center of downtown.
 Parcele Łomskie [parˈt͡sɛlɛ ˈwɔmskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipowiec Kościelny within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Lipowiec Kościelny 4 km (2 mi) west of Mława and 110 km (68 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 The Müller-Fokker Effect is a satirical science fiction novel written by John Sladek in 1970. It has long been out of print in the United States having come out in a Pocket Books edition in 1973. A reprint was done in 1990 by Carroll & Graf. The title is a pun with the insult motherfucker and the book itself is suffused with wordplay of all stripes.
 Metriochroa psychotriella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Florida.The larvae feed on Psychotria nervosa and Psychotria undata. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Old Barn is a historic barn off of Blue Hill River Road in Canton Massachusetts.It was built in 1690 and is the oldest building on Brookwood Farm. It is currently undergoing a major restoration undertaken by the North Bennet Street School. They have removed the oldest 20-by-20-foot (6.1 m × 6.1 m) section for major work to repair rot and insect damage. It is expected to be returned to the site in 2010 or 2011.
 Kuntur Chukuña (Quechua kuntur condorAymara kunturi condor Aymara chukuña to squat to cower squatting condor hispanicized spellings Condor Chucuna Condor Chucuña) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia about 4035 metres (13238 ft) high. It is situated in the Oruro Department Sebastián Pagador Province (which is identical to the Santiago de Huari Municipality) Lukumpaya Canton It lies south east of Poopó Lake south of the village Urmiri and north west of the Jatun Wila Qullu.
 Ceratodiscus is a genus of tropical and subtropical land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Helicinidae. Ceratodiscus is the type genus of the subfamily Ceratodiscinae.
 Prionurus laticlavius is a tropical fish found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific Ocean. It is commonly known as the Razor surgeonfish. It is sometimes used in aquariums.
 Içana River (Isana River) is a tributary of the Rio Negro in South America. The river arises in the Guaviare Department of Colombia where it is known as the Isana. It flows east and forms a short part of the international boundary between Colombia and Brazil. In Amazonas state where it is known as the Içana it flows southeast and into the Rio Negro at São Joaquim Amazonas.
 White Elephant is a 1984 British comedy drama film directed by Werner Grusch and starring Peter Firth Peter Sarpong and Nana Seowg. The plot involves a ruthless white man determined to break through thousands of years of tradition to sell microchips in Africa. A young British businessman goes to Ghana to modernise a furniture factory by introducing computers. Unbeknownst to him the spirits of African tradition are already working against him and are determined to make him pay.
 Prilike is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1395 people.
 Christopher Salmon is the Conservative Police and Crime Commissioner for Dyfed-Powys Police the largest police area in England and Wales. He is the first person to hold the post and was elected on 15 November 2012.
 Castle Rock is a volcanic plug located 13 km (8 mi) west of Iskut and 8 km northwest of Tuktsayda Mountain in British Columbia Canada.
 Lara Fabian is the fourth studio album and the first English album by the Belgian recording artist Lara Fabian. It was first released on November 29 1999 in France and later it was released worldwide on 2000. The album features the hit singles I Will Love Again I Am Who I Am and Love By Grace.
 Moradabad (Persian: مراداباد‎ also Romanized as Morādābād; also known as Murādābād) is a village in Khafrak-e Olya Rural District Seyyedan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 314 in 69 families.
 Gravity Happens is the third studio album by Kate Voegele released on May 17 2011 on MySpace Records and ATO Records in the United States. The album has debuted at #56 on the Billboard albums chart.
 Cadlina rumia is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 Jatuarana River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Smugglers of Santa Cruz is a 1916 American silent short drama film directed by Donald MacDonald starring Charlotte Burton Eugenie Forde George Periolat William Russell and Roy Stewart.
 Crown Candy Kitchen is a restaurant located on St. Louis Avenue in the Old North St. Louis neighborhood of St. Louis Missouri. The restaurant was founded in 1913 by two Macedonian immigrants and is still run by the three grandsons of Harry Karandzieff Andy Tommy and Mike. This Saint Louis landmark is the oldest operating soda fountain in the metro area and one of the oldest in the country. The restaurant has an old-fashioned decor with a Coca-Cola memorabilia from the 1930s.
 Ingeborg Gräßle (/ɪnɡɛbɒrɡ ɡrɑːsslɛ/; born March 2 1961) is a Member of the European Parliament (European People's Party) from Heidenheim Germany. Gräßle is best known for her work with the European Parliament's Budgetary and Budgetary Control Committees.As the co-rapporteur for the revision of the financial regulation approved in the plenary in October 2012 Gräßle was instrumental in the negotiation of a compromise between the European Institutions.
 Sorrow Is Only for Women (悲しみは女だけに Kanashimi wa Onna dakeni) is a 1958 Japanese drama film written and directed by Kaneto Shindo.
 Ureme 7: The Return of Ureme is the seventh in the Ureme series of Korean children's science-fiction films.After his break from the series in The Third Generation Uremae 6 Shim Hyung-rae returned to star in this installment of the saga. Usual director Kim Cheong-gi did not direct this time however but did serve as producer and writer.
 Homalocephala albitarsis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Homalocephala of the family Ulidiidae.
 Bard Espid Murderaz (Persian: برداسپيدموردراز‎ also Romanized as Bard Espīd Mūrderāz) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District Dishmok District Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 23 families.
 City of Torment is the second novel in the Abolethic Sovereignty series written by Bruce R. Cordell and published in September 2009.
 Paracirrhites is a genus of hawkfishes found on tropical reefs of the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean.
 St. Joseph Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Central Falls Rhode Island United States. Founded in 1905. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Providence.
 The Rochelle Park-Rochelle Heights Historic District is a historic residential district located in the city of New Rochelle in Westchester New York. The district is historically and architecturally significant as an intact and distinctive example of residential park development at the turn of the Twentieth Century. It includes the historic Rochelle Park development and the later Rochelle Heights subdivision.
 Whiteford (Price) Archeological Site also known as Whiteford Site or Price Site or 14SA1 is an archaeological site near Salina Kansas that was declared a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 1964. The National Park Service webpage for the site describes it as follows (complete text):This prehistoric village and cemetery representative of the Smoky Hill Culture which dates to about 1000-1350 AD provides a record of the early Central Plains Village period in Kansas.
 Snyder House is a Colonial Revival house in Kalispell Montana built in 1900. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Colin John Jamieson AO JP (26 May 1923 – 27 March 1990) was a politician in Western Australia. A member of the Australian Labor Party he served as a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 1953 until 1986 as the Minister for Works and Water Supplies in the Tonkin Ministry (1971–1974) and as Leader of the Opposition (1976–1978). Ron Davies succeeded him in the latter role.
 O Gosto da Criação is the seventeenth album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho. It was released in 2002.
 Weißbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Rivière des Pères is a river of Martinique.
 I Predict 1990 is the title of the fourth release and third full-length album by singer-songwriter Steve Taylor. Lyrically the album explores actions that exploit others to various ends from multiple perspectives. CCM magazine found that the overall theme is that the ends never justify the means. It was released as a one-off on Myrrh Records instead of Sparrow.
 Baribari Legend (バリバリ伝説 Baribari Densetsu) is an early motorbike racing manga series by Shuichi Shigeno who went on to create the Initial D series. It was published in 38 volumes between 1983 and 1991 by Kodansha. In 1985 it won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen.This manga about 4 high-schoolers and bike races got tremendous support from bike fans back then[citation needed] due to the realness and detail of the bikes Shigeno drew.The story has a lot of similar points with Initial D.
 Mojados: Through the Night is a 2004 documentary film directed by Tommy Davis. The film documents the journey of four men as they trek 120 miles across the Texas desert.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 547 in 154 families.
 St Michael's Church Farnsfield is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Farnsfield.
 Enoplocerus armillatus common name Giant Longhorn Beetle or Imperious Sawyer is a species of longhorns beetle belonging to the Cerambycidae family Prioninae subfamily.
 The tentacled snake (Erpeton tentaculatum) is a rear-fanged aquatic snake native to South-East Asia. It is the only species of its genus Erpeton and the two tentacles on its snout are a unique feature among snakes. The method it uses to catch fish has recently been a subject of research.
 The Stânișoara River is a tributary of the Pârcălabul River in Romania.
 Both Sides of the Gun is a Ben Harper album released in 2006. Split into two discs the title suggests the two sides of Harper's musical nature. The first disc (White) is made of mostly acoustic and string-driven songs hinted at on the last track (She's Only Happy In The Sun) of Harper's previous album Diamonds on the Inside. The second disc (Black) is made up of the more rock and upbeat material and touching on genres such as hard rock funk and gospel.
 4 is the fifth album by the Swedish psychedelic rock group Dungen.It was released as a CD on September 24 2008 by Subliminal Sounds (Sweden). The album was released in the US on Kemado Records on September 30 2008.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusiec within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Daniel Smith (October 29 1748 – June 16 1818) was a surveyor an American Revolutionary War patriot and twice a United States Senator from Tennessee.
 Węgrzynów [vɛŋˈɡʐɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Lernaeodiscidae is a family of parasitic barnacles. They belong to the bizarre and highly apomorphic superorder Rhizocephala and therein to the less diverse of the two orders the Kentrogonida. The Lernaeodiscidae are one of the smallish families of Rhizocephala though the only one among the Kentrogonida (which otherwise contain the two larger rhizocephalan families). The family contains three genera: Lernaeodiscus Müller 1862 Septodiscus Van Baal 1937 and Triangulus Smith 1906.
 Last Man In Tower is a 2011 novel by Indian writer Aravind Adiga. Published by HarperCollins India it was the third published novel by Adiga. It tells the story of a struggle for a slice of shining Mumbai real estate. The protagonist of the novel is a retired schoolteacher named Yogesh A. Murthy who is affectionately known as Masterji.A prominent builder offers to buy out the entire apartment block. All of the occupants agree except for Masterji.
 Ingrid Antonijevic Hahn (born 22 July 1952) is a Chilean economist entrepreneur academic and former Minister of Economy Development and Reconstruction (2006) for only two months in the first cabinet of socialist president Michelle Bachelet. In her youth she was a militant in the MAPU organisation and after the end of the Pinochet regime she was one of the founders of the Party for Democracy (Partido Por la Democracia a.k.a. PPD) that has led the transition towards democracy in Chile.
 Piz Bianco (also known as Piz Alv) is a minor summit north of Piz Bernina in the Bernina Range of the Alps. It is located south of Pontresina in the canton of Graubünden.Culminating at 3995 metres Piz Bianco is the highest point of the snowy ridge named Biancograt (or Crast'Alva). The summit is often traversed by climbers on the way to Piz Bernina.
 Ellis Henry Roberts (September 30 1827 – January 8 1918) was a United States Representative from New York and 20th Treasurer of the United States.Roberts was born in Utica Oneida County New York on September 30 1827. He attended the common schools and the Whitestown Seminary and graduated from Yale College in 1850 where he was a member of Skull and Bones. He served as principal of Utica Free Academy in 1850 and 1851 and became editor and proprietor of the Utica Morning Herald 1851 - 1889.
 Maude Elizabeth Kee (June 7 1895 – February 15 1975) known more generally as Elizabeth Kee was a U.S. Democratic politician. She was the first woman elected to Congress from West Virginia.
 The Royal Castle in Poznań (Polish: Zamek Królewski w Poznaniu) dates from 1249 and the reign of Przemysł I. Located in the Polish city of Poznań it was largely destroyed during the Second World War but has since been partly rebuilt.
 Michel-Siméon Delisle (September 27 1856 – October 11 1931) was a Canadian politician.Born in Pointe-aux-Trembles Portneuf County Canada East the son of Albert Delisle and Dina Bertrand Delisle was educated in Quebec City. A merchant he was Mayor of Portneuf for five years. He was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons at the general elections of 1900 and he was re-elected in 1904 1908 1911 1917 1925 and 1926.
 Baduizm is the debut album of R&B and neo soul musician Erykah Badu released February 11 1997 on Kedar Records. Recording sessions for the album took place during January to October 1996 at Battery Studios in New York City Sigma Sounds & Ivory Studios in Philadelphia and Dallas Sound Lab in Dallas. Production was handled by Badu Madukwu Chinwah John Meredith James Poyser and The Roots.
 Koss City is the fourth album by French musician Lord Kossity released in 2002 on the label Naïve Records.
 Euchloron megaera is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from most of Africa and Yemen. It is a migratory species.The length of the forewings is 40–50 mm and the wingspan is 96–121 mm. The body and forewings are bright deep green. The forewings have a black and white spot at the base a dark brown spot near the tornus and one or two at the costa. The hindwings are orange-yellow with an irregular brown margin turning greenish near the tornus.
 The Henry Store Foeste Building at 522 S. Eighth St. in Sheboygan Wisconsin United States was built in 1893. It was designed by Wisconsin architect William C. Weeks. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. It has also been known as Sheboygan Public Library.
 The Carp River is a tributary of the Lăcăuţi River in Romania.
 The Frick Building is one of the major distinctive and recognizable features of Downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. The tower was built by and is named for Henry Clay Frick an industrialist coke producer who created a portfolio of commercial buildings in Pittsburgh.
 The Star is an American daily newspaper published in Auburn Indiana. It is owned by KPC Media Group.It covers the city of Auburn and all of DeKalb County in northeastern Indiana.
 Mahipal Shastri or Mahipalsingh Shastri (born; 19 January 1924) is ex-governor of the Indian state of Gujarat
 Swordbird is a children's fantasy novel written by Nancy Yi Fan. A prequel Sword Quest was released January 22 2008. A sequel Sword Mountain based on Sword Mountain home of an eagle tribe mentioned in Sword Quest is to be published in early 2012.
 Apple O' is Deerhoof's fifth studio album released in 2003. It was released on Kill Rock Stars and 5 Rue Christine (an offshoot of Kill Rock Stars) and is also Deerhoof's first album with guitarist Chris Cohen.
 Blazia is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Sylvain Pagé (born January 9 1961 in Mont-Laurier Quebec) is a Quebec politician. He is the current Member of National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Labelle in the Laurentians. He is a member of the Parti Québécois.Pagé received a certificate in business management at HEC Montreal in 1980. He was the founder of Boutique Plein Air and worked for 17 years for that company. He was also an insurance broker in the Outaouais.Pagé was a chair of the YES mouvement in the 1980 referendum.
 Enayatabad (Persian: عنايت اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Enāyatābād) is a village in Rud Ab-e Sharqi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 812 in 201 families.
 South Mountain is the northern extension of the Blue Ridge Mountain range in Maryland and Pennsylvania. From the Potomac River near Knoxville Maryland in the south to Dillsburg Pennsylvania in the north the 70-mile (110 km) long range separates the Hagerstown and Cumberland valleys from the Piedmont regions of the two states. The Appalachian National Scenic Trail follows the crest of the mountain through Maryland and part of its portion in Pennsylvania.
 Mount Whiteface is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Sandwich Range of the White Mountains. Whiteface is flanked to the northwest by Mount Tripyramid and to the northeast by Mount Passaconaway. Whiteface is on the eastern border of the Sandwich Range Wilderness. To the east between Whiteface Passaconaway and Mt. Wonalancet lies The Bowl natural area an unlogged cirque.Mt.
 Pickering Crater is a crater in the Phaethontis quadrangle on Mars located at 33.1° south latitude and 132.5° west longitude. It is 115 kilometres (71 mi) in diameter.Lava flow fronts are visible within the crater and the source of the lava is Arsia Mons.
 José María Villalta Florez-Estrada (born August 13 1977 in San José Costa Rica) is a Costa Rican attorney environmentalist and politician. He is the only representative in the Costa Rican Parliament of the leftist party Frente Amplio (Broad Front) for 2010-2014. Villalta was the candidate of the Frente Amplio for the presidential elections of 2014 in Costa Rica.
 Surp Khach Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Խաչ [suɾpʰ χɑtʃʰ] Russian: Церковь Святого Креста Holy Cross Church) is an 18th-century Armenian church in Nor Nakhichevan. It is the oldest surviving monument in the borders of Rostov-on-Don.
 Charles William Boustany Jr. (/bʊˈstæni/; born February 21 1956) is the U.S. Representative for Louisiana's 3rd congressional district serving in Congress since 2005. He is a member of the Republican Party. The district numbered as the 7th District from 2005 to 2013 is located in the southwestern portion of the state and includes Lafayette and Lake Charles.
 Bogdása is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Dolichovespula norwegica the Norwegian wasp is a species of eusocial wasp from northern Europe.
 Ben Jonson Journal is a biannual academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press in May and November of each year. It was established in 1993. It covers the study of Ben Jonson and the culture in which his literary efforts thrived.
 The Grantsville School and Meetinghouse located at 90 N. Cooley Ln. in Grantsville Utah dates from 1861. It has also been known as the Grantsville City Hall and the Old Adobe Schoolhouse and it is now the Donner-Reed Museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.It served as a school for 30 years starting in 1861; it was used as Grantsville's city hall during 1894-1917. It employed locally made adobe bricks and use of Greek Revival styling.
 Development and Psychopathology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research which addresses the interrelationship of typical and atypical psychological development in children and adults. It was established in 1989 and is published by Cambridge University Press. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 5.483.
 Paunküla is a village in Kose Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Hong Kong (1951) is an American feature film starring Ronald Reagan and Rhonda Fleming.
 The Liuxihe River or simply Liuxi is a tributary of the Pearl River in China with its basin situated northeast of Guangzhou in Guangdong Province. It lies between the Beijiang River and Dongjiang River and is interrupted by the Liuxihe Dam.
 Bill Butler (born 30 March 1956 Glasgow) is a Scottish Labour Co-operative politician and former MSP. He represented Glasgow Anniesland in the Scottish Parliament until losing his seat in the 2011 election. He had been elected in the by-election following the death of First Minister Donald Dewar.
 Peltopleuridae were an extinct family of prehistoric bony fish. It is classified with the order Peltopleuriformes.
 The Old Congress Building (also known as the Old Legislative Building) is a building located on Padre Burgos Avenue in Ermita Manila Philippines. It is currently home of the National Art Gallery of the National Museum of the Philippines. From 1926 to 1972 and again from 1987 to 1997 the building was home to various legislative bodies of the Philippine government.
 Water SA publishes refereed original work in all branches of water science technology and engineering.
 The American Indian Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Am. Indian L. R.) is a student-run law review affiliated with the University of Oklahoma College of Law. It has been published since 1973 and is the most widely known of the law reviews that cover Native American (Indian) legal issues.
 Wilco Live: Ashes of American Flags is a live performance DVD by the American alternative rock band Wilco.The film was released exclusively to independent record stores through Nonesuch Records on April 18 2009 in coordination with Record Store Day. The wide-scale release of the DVD was April 28 2009.
 Peristarium timor is a species of large sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.
 Lake Owhareiti is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Jafari-ye Shebeshi (Persian: جعفري شبيشي‎ also Romanized as Jaʿfarī-ye Shebeshī) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 28 families.
 Glossogobius matanensis is a species of goby endemic to Sulawesi Indonesia where it is only known from Lake Matano Lake Mahalona and Lake Towuti. This species can reach a length of 42 centimetres (17 in) TL.
 Cornisepta levinae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 The Human Menagerie is the debut studio album by Cockney Rebel. Produced by Neil Harrison it was released by EMI Records in November 1973. The album failed to appear on British or American charts.The album was re-released in 2004 with the original charting single of Judy Teen included as a bonus track.
 Lesueurigobius suerii Lesueur's goby is a species of goby native to the Eastern Atlantic Ocean near the coasts of the Canary Islands and Morocco as well as in the Mediterranean Sea. This species occurs at depths down to 230 metres (750 ft) through most of its range though the population in the Ionian Sea are found much deeper at depths of from 322 to 337 metres (1056 to 1106 ft). This species can reach a length of 5 centimetres (2.0 in) TL.
 Tempe Town Lake is a reservoir that occupies a portion of the currently dry riverbed of the Salt River as it passes through the city of Tempe Arizona just north of Tempe Butte.On July 20 2010 a portion of the west side of the dam that contained the water in the lake collapsed sending a flood of water into the Salt River bed which drained the lake.
 A Clockwork Orange is a dystopian novella by Anthony Burgess published in 1962. Set in a not-so-distant future English society that has a culture of extreme youth violence the novel's teenage protagonist Alex narrates his violent exploits and his experiences with state authorities intent on reforming him. When the state undertakes to reform Alex—to redeem him—the novel asks At what cost?. The book is partially written in a Russian-influenced argot called Nadsat.
 Curtis Dwight Wilbur (May 10 1867 – September 8 1954) was born in Iowa. He was appointed to the United States Naval Academy in 1884. Shortly after graduation Curtis Wilbur resigned his commission a common practice at the time and moved to Riverside California. He was admitted to the California bar in 1890 and served as Los Angeles Deputy Assistant District Attorney.
 PC Magazine (sometimes referred to as PC Mag) is a computer magazine published by Ziff Davis. A print edition was published from 1982 to January 2009. Publication of online editions started in late 1994 and continues to this day.
 Fakhro Tower is a commercial office complex in Manama Kingdom of Bahrain located across the street from the Bahrain City Centre mall. The building is constructed on 30 floors consisting of a double-height lobby with showroom space 5 floors of podium parking and 24 floors of office space. The tower was designed by The Modern Architect and constructed by Kooheji Contractors.
 The Sword of Many Lovers also known as Sword of Many Loves is a 1993 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel Other Tales of the Flying Fox. The film was produced by Golden Harvest and directed by Poon Man-kit.
 Double Agent (1987) was a made for TV film from Walt Disney Television directed by Michael Vejar. It starred Michael McKean Susan Walden Christopher Burton Judith Jones Lloyd Bochner Alexa Hamilton Del Zamora John Putch Jane A. Johnston Lois January Saveli Kramarov Allan Kolman and Big John Studd. Double Agent was first telecast March 29 1987 on The Disney Sunday Movie series.
 Hack Job is an American horror-thriller film directed by James Balsamo and produced by Lloyd Kaufman. It stars Dave Brockie Lloyd Kaufman & Debbie Rochon. Nightmare Sonata provides music for the film. It was released on DVD on 2011 with plans for a 2012 Theatrical release.
 King is a monthly men's magazine geared toward African American and urban audiences. It features articles about hip-hop and R&B as well as sports and fashion. The magazine is published by Harris Publications and was a spinoff from XXL. It ceased publication on March 31 2009 citing failing ad sales as a result of the poor economy and plans to release monthly installments soon.
 Jeannot Ahoussou-Kouadio (born 6 March 1951) is an Ivorian politician who was Prime Minister of Ivory Coast from March 2012 to November 2012. Previously he was Minister of Industry from 2002 to 2005 and Minister of Justice from 2010 to 2012. He is a member of the Democratic Party of Ivory Coast – African Democratic Rally (PDCI–RDA) a party led by former President Henri Konan Bédié.
 Piaskowice [pjaskɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Parzęczew 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 25 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 100.
 The Borbo Skipper Zeller's Skipper or Olive Haired Swift (Borbo borbonica) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found along the southern coasts of the Mediterranean Sea but mainly in Syria Arabia Africa Mauritius and Réunion.The length of the forewings is 14–15 mm. Adults are on wing from September to October.In North Africa Leersia oryzoides and Sorghum halepense have been recorded as food plants for the larvae. In Mauritius they feed on various grasses such as Panicum.
 Stagmatoptera abdominalis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Stagmatoptera.
 Kozłowo [kɔˈzwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Drobin 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Płock and 91 km (57 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Iphidozercon is a genus of mites in the family Ascidae.
 Ethan King Strimling (born October 19 1967) is a former Democratic State Senator from Maine's 8th District. He served in the Maine State Senate from 2002 to 2009. He was replaced by Justin Alfond. In 2011 Strimling was an unsuccessful candidate for Mayor of Portland Maine. He is Executive Director of LearningWorks a West End non-profit organization.
 Eleutherodactylus alticola is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Jamaica. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pour la suite du monde is a 1963 Canadian documentary film directed by Michel Brault Marcel Carrière and Pierre Perrault. It was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.A work of ethnofiction the film follows residents of Île aux Coudres an island in the Saint Lawrence River in Quebec as they agree to re-enact their traditional Beluga whale hunt for the filmmakers one last time.
 Major General Peter Maurice Arnison AC CVO FAICD (born 21 October 1940 in Lismore New South Wales) was Governor of Queensland from July 1997 until July 2003. He graduated from the Royal Military College Duntroon in 1962 and retired from the Australian Army in 1996. He was the Australian Defence Force's Land Commander Australia (LCAUST) from 1994 until June 1996.For the year prior to his appointment as governor he was the Executive Director of Allied Rubber Products a manufacturing firm.
 Luther Clarke House is a historic home located at Dryden in Tompkins County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story five-by-two-bay frame Federal-style structure built about 1820.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Mount (1902) is a country house in Lenox Massachusetts the home of noted American author Edith Wharton who designed the house and its grounds and considered it her first real home. The estate located in The Berkshires is open to the public from May to October when visitors are offered tours of the house and gardens. From November to May the grounds remain open though the buildings are closed unless there is a special event.
 The Botiz River is a tributary of the Vaser River in Romania.
 Eois dione is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Qadi Mahalleh (Persian: قادي محله‎ also Romanized as Qādī Maḩalleh) is a village in Pazevar Rural District Rudbast District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 59 families.
 Success Pond is a 290-acre (1.2 km2) water body located in Coos County in northern New Hampshire in the township of Success. Water from the pond flows west via Chickwolnepy Stream to the Androscoggin River.There are a number of summer houses cottages and cabins located on the pond. Recreational uses include swimming boating and fishing.
 William Meredith Holland (March 29 1875 - March 11 1966) attorney and judge was mayor of Dallas 1911-1915.
 Best Eleven is the oldest monthly football magazine in Korea. The first edition was issued in April 1970. At that time the magazine's name was Monthly Football. In April 1996 the name was changed to Best Eleven.
 Great Geneva is a historic home located near Camden Kent County Delaware. It was built about 1765 and is a 2-1/2-story brick hall-and-parlor plan dwelling with a small frame kitchen wing. The layout is an adaptation of the Resurrection Manor plan. It is associated with the prominent Hunn family and the local Quaker community. The house was an important station on the Underground Railroad.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Väike-Rakke is a village in Rakke Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Jeffrey E. Jeff Piccola is a Republican politician from Pennsylvania. He is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate where he represented the 15th District and the Pennsylvania State House where he represented the 104th District.Piccola is a 1970 graduate of Gettysburg College and a 1973 graduate of George Washington University Law School. From 1973 to 1974 he served in the United States Air Force. Since 1974 he has been employed at a Harrisburg law firm.
 The Plopul River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The Phantom is a 1943 classic Columbia Pictures cliffhanger serial starring Tom Tyler in the title role. The serial is based on Lee Falk's comic strip The Phantom. The serial also features Jeanne Bates as the Phantom's girlfriend Diana Palmer and Ace the Wonder Dog as the Phantom's trusty German shepherd Devil (who is a wolf in the original comic).
 Kako bubanj kaže (As the Lot Decides) is the fourth studio album by Serbian/Yugoslavian New wave band Električni orgazam. It was released in 1984 by Jugoton.
 The Wongungarra River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Mouse-coloured Tapaculo or Serra do Mar Tapaculo (Scytalopus speluncae) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family. It is endemic to humid highland forests in southeastern Brazil where it ranges from southwestern Espírito Santo to northeastern Rio Grande do Sul. Most of its range is in the Serra do Mar but it also occurs further inland in Paraná and Santa Catarina.
 Scopula beccarii is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Eritrea.
 From Here on In is a singles compilation by Australian punk band The Living End. The new tracks were recorded at Sing Sing Studios in Melbourne Australia and the other tracks were re-mastered at 301 Studios.
 Eois decursaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Jamaica.
 The Valserhorn (also spelled Valser Horn) is a summit of the Lepontine Alps situated between Vals and Nufenen in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland on territory of both municipalities. With a prominence of 236 meters it is commonly agreed to be an independent peak to higher Bärenhorn (2929m) one mile to its northeast.A popular hike starts at Zervreila passes three remote lakes (Guraletschsee Amperveilsee and Selvasee) and descends via Selva Alp to Vals. Vals is famous for its spa.
 Out of Control is the second solo album (his first being his 1978 self-titled) released by former Kiss drummer Peter Criss. Recording for the album began in March 1980 when Criss was still officially a member of Kiss. The album sold very poorly and was not re-released on CD until 1997 as the Kiss reunion tour was underway.The lone single from the album I Found Love failed to chart. The album also features a hidden bonus track of a cover of As Time Goes By.
 Kanchanpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6007.
 Frank Richard Howarth PSM (born 24 October 1951) is an Australian public servant and has been the Director of the Australian Museum since February 2004. He has indicated that he will not seek another term at the Museum after the expiration of his current contract in February 2014. Howarth is the current President of Museums Australia.
 Evangelical Reformed Parish in Warsaw (Polish: in full Parafia Ewangelicko-Reformowana w Warszawie) is a Polish Reformed church in Warsaw at Aleja Solidarności 76a.
 Saltskogsfjärden is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Outlaster is the fifth studio album recorded by American singer-songwriter Nina Nastasia. It was released on June 7 2010 internationally and June 22 2010 in the United States by Fat Cat Records (see 2010 in music).The album was once again recorded by long-time collaborator Steve Albini at Electrical Audio Studios in Chicago. Los Angeles-based arranger Paul Bryan conducted score for a small orchestra while Nina and Kennan Gudjonsson assembled string and woodwind quartets.
 Homecoming is an Off-Broadway one-person show by Lauren Weedman that premiered at Westside Theatre on September 10 2001. Following the September 11 attacks Weedman announced that the show would be postponed till January 21 2002 with the venue changed to the Arclight Theatre.
 Euchromia rubricollis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found on the New Hebrides and the Solomon Islands.
 Autobiography of a Princess (1975) is a film by Merchant Ivory Productions (directed by James Ivory written by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala and produced by Ismail Merchant) starring James Mason and Madhur Jaffrey.
 Bix is a 1991 Italian drama film about the final years of cornet player Bix Beiderbecke. It was directed by Pupi Avati and was entered into the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
 Kormilovka (Russian: Кормиловка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Kungur River which in turn is a tributary of Iren River. The length of the river is 11 km.
 The Chrüz is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps located west of St. Antönien in the canton of Graubünden.
 Damoiseau is a lunar crater that is located just to the west of the Oceanus Procellarum in the western part of the Moon's near side. It lies due east of the prominent crater Grimaldi a walled plain with a distinctive dark floor. Due south of Damoiseau is the crater Sirsalis.The low outer rim of Damoiseau is not quite circular having an outward protrusion to the northeast and smaller bulges to the north and southeast.
 House of Women is a 1962 American crime drama film directed by Crane Wilbur starring Shirley Knight and Andrew Duggan. Walter Doniger who had been initially hired to direct the film was fired and replaced by Crane Wilbur ten days into the shooting.
 Li Baodong (Simplified Chinese: 李保东; born April 1955) is a Chinese diplomat who served as the Permanent Representative of the People's Republic of China to the United Nations from 2010 to 2013. He was later succeeded by Liu Jieyi.
 Narrative Magazine was founded in 2003 by former Esquire editor Tom Jenks and author Carol Edgarian. Narrative is a nonprofit dedicated to advancing the literary arts in the digital age. Its online library of writing by established writers such as T. C.
 Arjun ( Dubbed into Tamil as Varenda Madhuraiku and Dubbed into Malayalam as Arjun and Dubbed into Hindi as Maidaan-E-Jung ) is a Tollywood film released on 18 August 2004 and was written and directed by Gunasekhar Varma Karri. This is the second time Mahesh Babu and Gunasekhar Varma Karri have teamed up after delivering the blockbuster Okkadu. The movie stars Mahesh Babu Shriya Saran Keerthi Reddy Raja AbelRaja Prakashraj Saritha and Murali Mohan.
 Jan Thyszoon Payart was the Governor of Zeylan during the Dutch period in Ceylon. He was appointed in 1 August 1640 and was Governor until 24 March 1646. He was succeeded by Joan Maetsuycker.
 Shukachari is a hill place located in the hill ranges known as Mahadev Hills between Atpadi and Khanapur of Sangli district Maharashtra India. As per Puran this place is believed to be the place of the epic sage Shukamuni or Shuka son of Vyas. This is a very popular place in Atpadi taluka people comes from all the places of taluka as well as from outside also.this is famous for Big Stones & Dark Forest as well as a water source in between mountains.
 Gerard is a lunar crater that lies along the western edge of the Oceanus Procellarum near the northwest limb of the Moon's near side. It is located to the north-northwest of the crater von Braun and northeast of Bunsen. Because of its location Gerard appears strongly foreshortened when viewed from the Earth hindering observation.This is a worn and eroded formation with a rim that has been nearly obliterated in some locations and distorted in others.
 The Prison Hospital of Tirana (Albanian: Spitali i Burgut Tiranës) is a prison in opened at the Albanian Kingdom at the city of Tirana. It was closed under the Communist regime and was reopened in 1998 by the Republic of Albania.
 Hangover Square is a 1945 film noir directed by John Brahm based on the novel Hangover Square (1941) by Patrick Hamilton. The screenplay was written by Barré Lyndon who made a number of changes to the novel including the transformation of George Harvey Bone into a classical composer-pianist and filming the story as an early 20th-century period piece.The movie was released in New York City on February 7 1945 two months after its star Laird Cregar suffered a fatal heart attack.
 Cosmos (Turkish: Kosmos) is a 2010 Turkish-Bulgarian drama film written and directed by Reha Erdem starring Sermet Yeşil as a thief and a miracle-worker who is welcomed into a tiny snowbound border village after resuscitating a half-drowned boy.
 Miranda (also known as The Mistress of the Inn) is a 1985 Italian erotic drama film directed by Tinto Brass. It is loosely based on the three-act comedy La locandiera by Carlo Goldoni.
 The Inn at St. John's is a luxury boutique hotel and golf resort located in the Metro Detroit city of Plymouth Michigan. The hotel contains the 5ive restaurant. In addition the hotel ballroom can accommodate conferences of up to 450 people. The hotel architecture is in the Romanesque Revival style. The resort contains a 27 hole golf course gardens recreation facilities and an indoor swimming pool.
 Angus Cameron (July 4 1826 – March 30 1897) was a Republican and a member of the United States Senate from Wisconsin from 1875 to 1881 when he did not seek reelection and again from 1881 to 1885 when he was elected to succeed Matthew H. Carpenter who died in office; he did not seek reelection in 1885. He was born in Caledonia New York and went to public schools and to Genesse-Wesleyan Seminary in Lima New York which is now Syracuse University.
 Łęg [wɛnk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszyna within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kruszyna 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Częstochowa and 88 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 94.
 Charaxes murphyi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in northern Zambia and the south-eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of riverine forests.
 Charles Bryson Simonton (September 8 1838 – June 10 1911) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for the 9th congressional district of Tennessee.
 Kaminoyama Castle (上山城 Kaminoyama-jō) is a hirayama-style Japanese castle located in the center of the city of Kaminoyama eastern Yamagata Prefecture Japan. Throughout the Edo period Kaminoyama Castle was the headquarters for the daimyō of Kaminoyama Domain. The castle was also known as Tsukoka-jō (月岡城).
 Timothy Otis Howe (February 24 1816 – March 25 1883) was a member of the United States Senate representing the state of Wisconsin from March 4 1861 to March 4 1879. He also served as U.S. Postmaster General from 1881 through 1883.
 Setia kuiperi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Journal of Computational Acoustics (JCA) is a scientific journal in the field of computational acoustics covering ocean seismo- and aeroacoustics as well as computational methods and supercomputing. It was founded in 1993 and is published three times a year by World Scientific Publishing.
 Turner's Gap is a wind gap in the South Mountain Range of the Blue Ridge Mountains located in Frederick County and Washington County Maryland. The gap is traversed by U.S. Route 40 Alt the Old National Pike. The Appalachian Trail also crosses the gap.
 He Is the Light is a 1985 album by Al Green.
 The Gas Heart or The Gas-Operated Heart (French: Le Cœur à gaz) is a French-language play by Romanian-born author Tristan Tzara. It was written as a series of non sequiturs and a parody of classical drama—it has three acts despite being short enough to qualify as a one-act play. A part-musical performance that features ballet numbers it is one of the most recognizable plays inspired by the anti-establishment trend known as Dadaism.
 Us and Them is the second studio album by American hard rock band Shinedown released on October 4 2005. Recorded in Jacksonville Florida and Sanford Florida the album had three singles two of which Save Me and I Dare You were used as themes for WWE pay-per-view events No Mercy 2005 and WrestleMania 22 respectively. Us and Them has been certified Gold by the RIAA in the United States.Us and Them is the last album to feature guitarist Jasin Todd and bassist Brad Stewart.
 The Lesser Brimstone Gonepteryx mahaguru is a medium sized butterfly of the Family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites which is native to the Kashmir Uttarakhand China Korea and Japan.
 Sant'Agostino is a church in the historical center of Genoa northern Italy. It is today deconsecrated sometimes used for representations of the nearby Teatro della Tosse.Begun by the Augustinians in 1260 it is one of the few Gothic buildings remaining in the city after the numerous demolitions in the 19th century. It has a typical façade with bichrome stripes in white marble and blue stone with a large rose window in the middle.
 The Pioneer School House was designed and built by the Alaska Engineering Commission in 1915 during the first year of Anchorage Alaska's growth. The Alaska Engineering Commission was building railroads in the state.
 Santiago de Liniers (Misiones) is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 Sabz Gaz-e Sofla (Persian: سبزگزسفلي‎ also Romanized as Sabz Gaz-e Soflá; also known as Sabz Gaz-e Pā’īn) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 27 families.
 Khoon Khoon is a 1973 Bollywood action film directed by Mohammed Hussain. The film stars Mahendra Sandhu Danny Denzongpa and Rekha. The film was a remake of the Clint Eastwood thriller Dirty Harry. Sandhu played a cop and Denzongpa a psychopathic killer.
 Armchair General is a magazine that covers first and foremost military history but defines itself by putting the emphasis on involving the reader and features tactical situations which can be resolved by sending solutions to the magazine's staff.
 Ideluy-e Olya (Persian: ايدلوي عليا‎ also Romanized as Īdelūy-e ‘Olyā; also known as Īgdalū-ye Bālā) is a village in Churs Rural District in the Central District of Chaypareh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 7 families.
 Leptostylus incertus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1881.
 Métis Mutt is a Canadian play written by Sheldon Elter. It is a comedy but mentioned heartbreaking play about a Métis person who must struggle through life with two cultures.
 Sisterhood is Powerful is a 1970 anthology of radical feminist writings edited by Robin Morgan a feminist poet and founding member of New York Radical Women. It was one of the first widely available anthologies of second-wave feminism.The compilation included classic feminist essays by activists such as Naomi Weisstein Lucinda Cisler Kate Millett Eleanor Holmes Norton Flo Kennedy Frances Beale Jo Freeman and Mary Daly as well as historical documents including the N.O.W.
 Rock Stock & Too Smoking the pillows is a 20th anniversary collection released by The Pillows on June 3 2009.
 Warlord is Skrewdriver's sixth full length album released on Rock-O-Rama Records.
 Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children is a pediatric hospital located in Wilmington Delaware. It is controlled by the Nemours Foundation a non-profit organization created by philanthropist Alfred I. du Pont in 1936 and dedicated to improving the health of children. It is also referred to as the A. I. duPont Institute for Crippled Children or more simply the DuPont Institute.
 Redbird is Heather Nova's eighth album released on August 30 2005. The album includes a cover of Chris Isaak's Wicked Game. The first track Welcome was also released in 2005 as a single in Europe. Welcome also appeared on the U.S./Canadian release of South. The album was produced by Nova's husband and long term producer Felix Tod except for Welcome which was produced by The Matrix. When talking about the album Heather has said:
 2 Cute Shinseinaru Best Album (2℃-ute神聖なるベストアルバム Ni Kyūto Shinseinaru Besuto Arubamu Two. Cute's Divine Best Album) is the second compilation album by the Japanese girl group Cute set for release on November 21 2012.
 Ledrinae is a relatively small subfamily within the very large and diverse leafhopper family Cicadellidae. The subfamily contains approximately 450 species in 5 tribes (Ledrini Petalocephalini Stenocotini Thymbrini and Xerophloeini) and 73 genera distributed worldwide but primarily in Australia Africa and the Indo-Malayan region.
 Dolycoris is a genus of shield bug in the family Pentatomidae.
 Chuang Tapestry (Chinese: 一幅僮锦) is a Chinese animated film produced by Shanghai Animation Film Studio. It is also referred to as Chwang Tapestry.
 Haselbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 'Merika is a 1984 drama film directed by Gil Portes and starred by Nora Aunor and Bembol Roco. Aunor portrayed the role Mila an Overseas Filipino Worker (OFW) who works as a nurse in America. Mila is in effect living The American Dream or at least the Filipino's idea of the American Dream On the contrary Mila was struggling to fight loneliness and homesickness in the foreign land.
 Oğlakçı Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 Domjüchsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 64 m its surface area is 0.247 km².
 Clarksburg Methodist Episcopal Church (also known as Clarksburg United Methodist Church) is a historic Methodist church at 512 County Road 524 in Millstone Township Monmouth County New Jersey United States.The church was built in 1845 in a Mid-19th Century Revival style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Monopterus /mənˈɒptərəs/ is a genus of swamp eels native to Asia (one species M. boueti is native to Africa). Two species M. eapeni and M. roseni live in caves.
 The Sandy Second Ward Chapel (formerly known as the Berean Baptist Church and the Anchor Baptist Church) is a location in Sandy Utah listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was designed by the architect Don Carlos Young a son of Brigham Young. It was later sold by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.[citation needed]
 The Artichoke Plume Moth (Platyptilia carduidactyla) is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found in North America from Mexico north into the United States.The wingspan is 19–32 mm. Adults are on wing in July in Mexico and from May to September further north.The larvae feed on Arctium Carduus Cirsium Cynara and Silybum species. They are a pest of Cynara scolymus. The females lay their eggs on the bottom side of Artichoke plants. The caterpillars can cause considerable damage.
 Luca Rovinalti (born 4 January 1987) is an Italian journalist who has been executive chairman at the International Press Club of Prague since 2013.
 According to Britannica Online Amphitherium is an extinct genus of early mammals known as fossils from Middle Jurassic deposits (of 176 million to 161 million years ago). Amphitherium is the earliest representative of the pantotheres a group of early mammals that it is believed represents the stock that gave rise to all the higher mammals of later times.
 The Reformed Church (Romanian: Biserica Reformată; Hungarian: Református templom) is a church in Recea Sălaj Romania completed in the 15th century.
 I Do I Die! Dyos Ko Day is 1997 Filipino Comedy Film.
 The Lone Star Ranger is a Western novel published by Zane Grey in 1915. It follows the life of Buck Duane a man who becomes an outlaw and then redeems himself in the eyes of the law.
 Shoreyjeh-ye Yek (Persian: شريجه يك‎; also known as Mosherījeh and Moshirijeh) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vicki is a 1953 film noir directed by Harry Horner and based on the novel I Wake Up Screaming written by Steve Fisher. The film features Jeanne Crain Jean Peters Elliott Reid and Richard Boone.
 Thomas Jones was the fifth intendent (mayor) of Charleston South Carolina serving one term from 1789 to 1790.Jones was born on December 13 1742. He served in the South Carolina State House representing St. Philip's and St. Michael's Parish (i.e. the Charleston area) during five General Assemblies from 1782 to 1790. He was elected intendant in September 1789. He died October 30 1836 and is buried in the Circular Congregational churchyard in Charleston.
 Isaac Kiprono Ruto is a Kenyan politician. He belongs to the United Republican Party and was elected the first Governor of Bomet county in 2013 Kenyan General elections.He hails from Sigor in Chepalungu district and studied political science at the University of Nairobi.
 Erycinidia is a genus of satyrid butterfly.
 Echinolittorina austrotrochoides is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Greta theudelinda is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Colombia Ecuador Bolivia and Peru.The wingspan is about 70 mm.
 Franciscan Friary Winchester was a friary dedicated to St. Francis in Hampshire England. It was founded by Albert of Pisa in 1237 and dissolved in 1538. There are no remains but the location is thought to have been somewhere between Lower Brook Street and Middle Brook Street.
 The Hills Have Eyes: The Beginning is a graphic novel prequel to the 2006 The Hills Have Eyes and its Fox Atomic sequel The Hills Have Eyes 2. It was released on July 3 2007 and distributed by Fox Atomic Comics.The Hills Have Eyes: The Beginning tells the story of the original families who refused to leave their small New Mexico town once the U.S. government began above-ground atomic testing.
 Shadow Man is a 1988 film about a Polish-Jewish refugee during a fictional war in Amsterdam. Like a `Walker between two worlds´ the famous Shadowman comics hero created some years after this film he partly belongs to the unseen world of darkness. Tom Hulce as the Shadow Man created an interesting and moving performance. Also starring Jeroen Krabbé as Theo and Manouk van der Meulen as Monique a Dutch couple provoked by the arrival of the Shadowman .
 The River Trym is a short river some 4.5 miles (7.2 km) in length which rises in Filton South Gloucestershire England. The upper reaches are culverted some underground through mostly urban landscapes but once it emerges into the open it flows through a nature reserve and city parks before joining the tidal River Avon at Sea Mills.
 The Flying Burrito Bros is the third album by the country rock group The Flying Burrito Brothers released in 1971. Before recording sessions for the album began Gram Parsons would leave the band for a solo career leaving Chris Hillman and Sneaky Pete Kleinow to carry on. In Parsons' place the band hired a young unknown musician named Rick Roberts who later was the lead singer of Firefall.
 Joseph Rogers House (also known as Robert Rogers House and former headquarters of the Preservation Society of Newport County) is an historic building in Newport Rhode Island.The house was built in the 1790s on 37 Touro Street in Newport. Saint Joseph's Church donated the building to the Preservation Society of Newport County and Dr. and Mrs. David Van Pelt restored the building for the Society. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Esmailabad (Persian: اسماعيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īlābād) is a village in Zaveh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 64 families.
 Chris Paddie or Christopher Paddie is the current Texas state Representative for District 9. He serves on the Energy Resources and Land & Resource Management committees.
 Lily Lake is a small alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is just upstream of Redfish Lake and is named from the many water lilies that cover its surface. There is a trail leading from the southwest end of Redfish Lake to Lily Lake.Lily Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 Mesophleps tephrastis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Australia (Western Australia).
 Schlitz is a river in Hesse Germany.
 A Reader's Manifesto is a 2002 book written by B. R. Myers that was originally published in heavily edited form in the July/August 2001 issue of The Atlantic Monthly magazine. Myers criticizes the high status of literary fiction compared to genre fiction; he finds literary fiction full of affectations and pretentious wordplay but lacking in strong storytelling.
 The Spectacles is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe published in 1844. It is one of Poe's comedy tales.
 Lake Liscia (Italian: Lago Liscia) is an artificial lake in northern Sardinia Italy located between the municipalities of Sant'Antonio di Gallura Luras Arzachena and Luogosanto in the Gallura region.With a capacity of 105 million cubic metres of water it is the principal reservoir in north eastern Sardinia.The dam constructed in 1964 is 65 metres wide.
 Swinsty Reservoir is located in the Washburn valley north of Otley and west of Harrogate in Yorkshire England. Construction began in 1871 and was completed in 1878. The capacity is about 866 million gallons with a surface area of 63 hectares. It can be found from the A59 road.The reservoir is below and directly adjoining Fewston Reservoir.
 Srokowski Dwór [srɔˈkɔfski ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Owego is a village in and the county seat of Tioga County New York USA. The population was 3896 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Binghamton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 The King River is a river on the West Coast of Tasmania.
 The Khusruwiyah Mosque (Arabic: جامع الخسروية‎) is a mosque complex in Aleppo Syria. It is located south of the Citadel facing its main entrance. The mosque was built under the patronage of the Hüsrev Pasha while he was serving as the fourth vizier under Sultan Suleiman I. It is one of the early mosques by renowned court architect Mimar Sinan and the first Ottoman monument of the city.
 Sendiri (Alone in the Indonesian language) is a 1984 album by Indonesian singer Chrisye.
 The Chi Omega Greek Theatre is a structure on the University of Arkansas campus in Fayetteville Arkansas. It was a gift to the university from Chi Omega completed in 1930. The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Talus Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Talus Lake is .60 miles (0.97 km) NNE of Rolling Thunder Mountain and is at the head of upper Snowshoe Canyon.
 High Uinta High is the debut album by the indie-rock band Cub Country released on February 19 2002 through the Jade Tree label.
 Pedro A. Cortés (born on May 28 1966 in Carolina Puerto Rico) is the former Secretary of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
 Ray Charles Anthology is the first compact disc to collect many of soul music icon Ray Charles' ABC-Paramount-era recordings. Allmusic considers it to be the best single CD collection of Ray Charles' '60s and '70s ABC-Paramount material while Rhino Records the issuing label refers to it in the liner notes as the compact disc edition of Ray Charles' Greatest Hits alluding to the ABC-Paramount LP of the same name.
 Ruff Ryders: Past Present Future is the fifth compilation album from American hip hop record label Ruff Ryders Entertainment released on November 21 2011.
 The Hillsboro High School in Hillsboro New Mexico is a historic Mission/Spanish Revival-style school building that was built in 1922. It was designed by El Paso-based architects Trost and Trost.Located on the southeast corner of Elenora St. and First Ave. it has also been known as Sierra County High School and as Hillsboro Community Center and it has been designated SR 1304.
 Standing Together is the second album by Midnight Star released in 1981 on the SOLAR Records label.
 Gorgopis leucopetala is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Seasons will Fall is a 2013 release by Circle II Circle. It was the band's sixth studio full-length release.
 Vargstenen (English: The Wolf Stone) is the fifth studio album release by viking metal band Månegarm. It was released in 2007.
 Green Lake is a lake in Hunter Mountains in the Southland Region of New Zealand located to the north of Lake Monowai. The lake has no surface outlets but probably feeds several streams draining to lake Monowai via springs. The lake is a basin in the debris of the Green Lake Landslide which is the largest known above-sea-level landslide on earth.
 The Gathering is a 5 disc career-spanning compilation album by British melodic rock band Magnum. It is set to be released in 2010 by Sanctuary Records. It features previously unreleased live recordings rare demos and b-sides as well as a live recording from Hammersmith Odeon in 1988 for the Wings of Heaven tour.
 St. Stephen's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church at 1 Grove Street in Schuylerville Saratoga County New York. It was built in 1868 and is a cruciform plan church building in the Gothic Revival style. It is built of quarry faced stone block laid in random ashlar. It features a steeply pitched gable roof and polygonal steeple both covered in ornate polychrome slate.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Santa Catarina River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Sturgeon Lake Caldera is a large extinct caldera complex in Kenora District of Northwestern Ontario Canada. It is one the world's best preserved mineralized Neoarchean caldera complexes containing well-preserved mafic-intermediate pillow lavas pillow breccias hyaloclastite and peperites submarine lava domes and dome-associated breccia deposits. The complex is some 2.7 billion years old with a minimum strike length of 30 km (19 mi).
 Šumata Trnica is a village in the municipality of Trgovište in southeastern Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 50 people.
 Burlesque is a 2010 musical film directed and written by Steven Antin and starring Cher and Christina Aguilera. The film was released on November 24 2010 in North America.
 Líšný is a village and municipality in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Turbonilla magnacastanea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Brisaster townsendi is a species of sea urchins of the Family Schizasteridae. Their armour is covered with spines. Brisaster townsendi was first scientifically described in 1898 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz.
 Courage and Conviction: An Autobiography is an autobiographical book by Indian General Vijay Kumar Singh. It was first published by Aleph Book Company in 2013. In it Singh criticises various situations in which he was involved including alleged corruption in the Indian government and the role of Indira Gandhi in Operation Bluestar.
 Swing Brother Swing is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the fifteenth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1949. The plot concerns the murder of a big band leader in London; the novel was published as A Wreath for Rivera in the United States.
 Bibi Janabad (Persian: بي بي جان اباد‎ also Romanized as Bībī Jānābād; also known as Bābā’ī Bābā’ī Jānābād and Jānābād) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 928 in 197 families.
 Mount Bulusan or Bulusan Volcano is the southernmost volcano on Luzon Island in the Republic of the Philippines. It is situated in the province of Sorsogon in the Bicol region 70 km (43 mi) southeast of Mayon Volcano and approximately 250 km (160 mi) southeast of the Philippine capital of Manila.It is one of the active volcanoes in the Philippines.
 The City of Calgary Water Centre is the headquarters of Calgary's Water Resources and Water Services' staff housing its 460 professional and 314 field staff. The four-story office building was completed in 2008 and upon opening was both the largest LEED-rated office building in Alberta and Alberta's first Gold-certified building.
 Black Is Black is the debut album by Spanish beat music group Los Bravos. The album features its title track an international hit. The album was originally released in 1966 but track listing differs in UK and US.CD of US version was reissued in 2000.CD of UK version was reissued in 2003 with 13 bonus tracks.
 Cooleyhighharmony is the 1991 debut album by Motown group Boyz II Men. Executive produced by Michael Bivins of New Edition and Bell Biv DeVoe the album features the hit singles Motownphilly and It's So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday a G.C.
 Schalsum (West Frisian: Skalsum) is a small village in Franekeradeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 120 citizens (2004).
 Scotty's Castle is a two-story Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival style villa located in the Grapevine Mountains of northern Death Valley in Death Valley National Park California U.S.. It is also known as Death Valley Ranch. Scotty's Castle is not a real castle and it did not belong to the Scotty from whom it got its name.
 Kedi is a 2006 Indian Tamil film written and directed by Jyothi Krishna who earlier directed the 2004 Tamil film Enakku 20 Unakku 18. Starring his brother Ravi Krishna in the lead role the film marks the Kollywood debut of the female artists Ileana and Tamannaah Bhatia whilst Ramesh Khanna Atul Kulkarni Adithya M. S. Baskar and Suman Setty essayed supporting roles in the film. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 Thriller is the third EP released by South Korean boy band BtoB. It was released on September 9 2013 consisting a total of 6 tracks with Thriller as title track and the promotional single of the album.
 The Sun Tower is a 17 storey 82 m (269 ft) Beaux-Arts building at 128 West Pender Street in Vancouver British Columbia. It is known for its faux-patina steel dome painted to imitate copper cladding. Nine nude muses the nine maidens supporting the cornice line can be seen. The terracotta for this building including the ladies was made in Tamworth Staffordshire England by Gibbs and Canning Limited.
 M. T. Khan was a Fiji Indian politician and lawyer who was elected to the Legislative Council in the 1966 general elections on the National Federation Party (NFP) ticket. After the NFP members walked out of the Council in 1967 and forfeited their seats he changed sides and joined the Alliance Party. He lost the 1968 by-election but was elected in 1972 elections into the new House of Representatives. He served in the cabinet as Minister for commerce.
 Ulrich Ueli Maurer (born 1 December 1950 in Wetzikon) is a member of the Swiss Federal Council and head of the Swiss Federal Department of Defence Civil Protection and Sports (the Swiss defence minister). As a leading figure in the right-wing populist Swiss People's Party he was elected by the Swiss Federal Assembly to succeed Federal Councillor Samuel Schmid in the Swiss Federal Council election of 10 December 2008 and took office on 1 January 2009.
 Tomort or Tomurty  is the highest peak in the Karlik Shan in the far eastern part of the Tien Shan mountain range of Xinjiang China. While not of great absolute elevation among Chinese peaks it is well-separated from higher terrain and hence has a high topographic prominence. Tomort was reconnoitered or attempted in 1996 1997 2000 and 2004 by Chinese and Japanese parties.
 The Stoic is a novel by Theodore Dreiser first published in 1947. It is the conclusion to A Trilogy of Desire his series of novels about Frank Cowperwood a businessman based on the real-life streetcar tycoon Charles Yerkes. Dreiser completed The Stoic only days before his death in 1945 and the book was published posthumously.
 The bartail flathead (Platycephalus indicus) also called Bar-Tailed Flathead Bartail Blenny Gobi Indian Flathead or Indo-Pacific Flathead is the type species for the Platycephalus genus of fish.
 Louis de Guiringaud (12 October 1911 Limoges – 15 April 1982 Paris) was a French politician who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs under Raymond Barre between 1976 and 1978. Previous to his appointment as a French Minister Guiringuaud served as France's permanent representative to the UN from 1972 to 1976 also presiding as a member of the United Nations Security Council.Guiringaud shot himself on 15 April 1982.
 Phezulu Emafini was the ninth studio release by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. The album released in 1977 is composed entirely of Zulu Christian religious compositions by composer director and lead singer Joseph Shabalala.
 Hip Hip Hora! known as The Ketchup Effect in most English-speaking countries is a 2004 Swedish teen movie directed by Teresa Fabik.
 Conway Methodist Church 1898 and 1910 Sanctuaries also known as First United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina. The 1898 sanctuary is a one-story brick cruciform cross-gable roofed Gothic Revival style building. It features Tudor arched stained glass lancet windows. The 1910 sanctuary is a Mission Revival style building and is a large one-story front-gabled roof stuccoed building.
 The Berber toad Mauritanian toad crapaud de Maurétanie crapaud pantherin or sapo moruno (Bufo mauritanicus) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in northern Africa: Algeria Morocco (and the two Spanish cities in northern Africa Ceuta y Melilla) Tunisia and possibly Western Sahara.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland and plantations.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Emanuel Lutheran Church of Montra is a historic church in Jackson Township Shelby County Ohio United States. Located in the unincorporated community of Montra north-northeast of the county seat of Sidney it is the congregation's second building.Montra was platted in 1849 but five years passed before any buildings were erected at the site. St. Emanuel's Lutheran Church was organized in a Montra storeroom in 1860 with a membership of sixteen families.
 Naughty Dallas is an American film about a small town girl who arrives in Dallas determined to become a stripper.It was claimed this movie was partly shot in Jack Ruby's nightclub but this has been discounted. There was also a rumour Buchanan shot footage of Jack Ruby.
 Escape from Memory is a young adult novel by Margaret Peterson Haddix. It was published in 2003 by Simon & Schuster.
 The Braeburn Range is a mountain range in the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It lies to the west of Lake Rotoroa and much of the eastern flank of the range is within the Nelson Lakes National Park. The range runs south-southeast with a westwards curve at the northern end and several westward-trending spurs.The northernmost and highest peak of the range is the 1469 metres (4820 ft) Mount Murchison overlooking the Buller River.
 Hidden Agenda is a 2001 Canadian action film directed by Marc S. Grenier and starring Dolph Lundgren.
 Wallingat River a watercourse of the Great Lakes system is located in the Mid North Coast district of New South Wales Australia.
 Tears of Blood (German: Und der Regen verwischt jede Spur) is a 1972 West German-French drama film directed by Alfred Vohrer. It was entered into the 8th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Rita ReLEEda is a remix album by Brazilian rock singer Rita Lee It was released in 2000.
 Maurice Gingues (8 November 1903 – 27 August 1960) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Sherbrooke Quebec and became a knitter a merchant and a real estate businessman.[citation needed]He was first elected at the Sherbrooke riding in the 1940 general election then re-elected for successive terms in 1945 1949 1953 and 1957.
 Plauer See (German literally Lake of/near Plau)) is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany located at 53°27′57″N 12°18′27″E. Its surface is approximately 38.4 km² and its maximum depth is 25.5 metres.
 Ben Folds Presents: University A Cappella! is an album produced by Ben Folds featuring collegiate a cappella music groups from the United States. Folds became interested in a cappella music after hearing his song Brick performed by an Ohio University group.
 The Porto Pim Whale Factory Museum (Portuguese: Fábrica da Baleia e Centro do Mar) is a whaling museum in the civil parish of Angústias in the municipality of Horta in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores. Dedicated to the socio-economic influence of the whaling industry in the region the museum was established in the abandoned whaling factory used for many years in the processing of whale blubber into oil.
 Vitovnica is a village situated in Petrovac na Mlavi municipality in Serbia.
 Would You Believe It! is a 1929 British silent comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Forde Pauline Johnson and Arthur Stratton. It was made at the Nettlefold Studios in Walton-on-Thames and released as a supporting feature. It was later re-released with added sound effects and music. A British inventor develops a new high-tech tank and is pursues by foreign agents who wish to capture the design.
 Lafayette Methodist Church is a historic church off SR 107 in LaFayette Kentucky.It was built in 1852 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Rio Puerco is a tributary of the Rio Grande in the U.S. state of New Mexico. From its source on the west side of the Nacimiento Mountains it flows about 230 miles (370 km) generally south to join the Rio Grande about 20 miles (32 km) south of Belen and about 50 miles (80 km) south of Albuquerque.
 The Lozna Mică River is a headwater of the Lozna River in Romania.
 Friday is a 1995 American stoner buddy comedy film directed by F. Gary Gray in his directorial debut and starring Ice Cube Chris Tucker Nia Long Bernie Mac Tommy Lister Jr. and John Witherspoon. The film revolves around 16 hours in the lives of unemployed slackers Craig Jones and Smokey who must pay a drug dealer $200 by 10:00 PM that night. The film spawned two sequels: Next Friday and Friday After Next and a cancelled fourth film Last Friday.
 Lachesillidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha. Members of the family are characterised by a rounded free areola postica in their wings. Males have diverse sclerotized genitalic structures. The family includes close to 300 species most of them in the genus Lachesilla.
 Nete mo Samete mo (寝ても醒めても Whether Awake or Asleep) is Japanese singer songwriter Fayray's seventh studio album and first in 3 years. The album was released January 14 2009.
 Daniel Joseph Boorstin (October 1 1914 – February 28 2004) was an American historian professor attorney and writer. He was appointed twelfth Librarian of the United States Congress in 1975 and served until 1987. He was instrumental in the creation of the Library of Congress Center for the Book.
 Far Out Man was a 1990 comedy film written directed by and starring Tommy Chong. It was filmed in Los Angeles California USA. Cinetel Films produced the movie and it was distributed in USA theaters by New Line Cinema Sony Video (VHS) Platinum Disc (DVD) and RCA/Columbia Pictures Home Video (VHS). It was distributed in Germany by Ascot Video (VHS) and in Brazil by Odyssey (VHS). It was distributed in Canadian theaters by Alliance.
 Anigraeopsis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Great Unwanted is Lucky Soul's debut album released on April 9 2007. The George Shilling-produced LP met with critical acclaim including a five-star review in Metro newspaper a further five stars from the Independent on Sunday and four stars each from The Guardian The Times and Uncut magazine.The band worked on the album during the late summer of 2006.
 All About Space is a monthly scientific magazine focusing primarily on cosmological events astronomical tips and astronautical exploration. It was first published in June 2012 by the British publisher Imagine Publishing.All About Space has regular features (see below for main list) on ongoing space missions as well as having a future tech section that details the capabilities of space exploration under future technology.
 Lake Ghioroc (Lacul Ghioroc in Romanian) is a man-made lake located in Ghioroc Arad County Romania. The lake has a surface area of approximately 1050 square kilometers (410 sq mi) and is a popular recreational and fishing destination . The lake has several land patches away from the coastline which are used as holidays resorts or for clubbing.The lake is divided into two sides Ghioroc 1 and Ghioroc 2. The second side Ghioroc 2 is the only side opened for tourists.
 Hohe Warte is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Bimalkah (Arabic: بملكة‎ also spelled Bmalkyeh) is a village and suburb in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Tartus Governorate located 10 kilometers northeast of Tartus.
 H. H. Yashwantrao Martandrao Mukne (b 11 Dec 1917 Jawhar) was a member of the 4th Lok Sabha of India from the Dahanu constituency of Maharashtra and a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party. He was also member of 1st Lok Sabha from Thane(ST) and 3rd Lok Sabha from Bhiwandi. He was former of Jawhar State in Maharashtra.He had educated at Rajkumar College Rajkot Old Blundells School England and at the Middle Temple England.
 Keep Off (Dutch: Afblijven) is a 2006 Dutch children's film based on the children's novel Afblijven by Carry Slee. The film much like the book explores drug abuse by adolescents and the negative effects it has on their lives.The film received a Golden Film (100000 visitors).
 Andraca gongshanensis is a moth of the Endromidae family. It is found in China (Yunnan).The wingspan is 46–48 mm. The ground colour of the wings is dark brown with dark brow fasciae and reddish-yellow patterns consisting of antemedian discocellar postmedian fascia and reddish-yellow patterns placed on nearly the whole wing except the termen. The forewing apex is falcate and the outer edge is smooth and straight. The tornus is almost rectangular.
 Hellenurme is a village in Valga County in southeastern Estonia. It is located about 10 km (6 mi) south of the town of Elva and about 11 km (7 mi) northwest of the town of Otepää. Hellenurme is the administrative centre of Palupera Parish. The village has a population of 170 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Puka Urqu (Quechua puka red urqu mountain red mountain hispanicized spelling Pucaorjo) is a mountain in the Urupampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru. It is situated in the Cusco Region Calca Province Lares District. Its summit is 4776 metres (15669 ft) above sea level. Puka Urqu is situated northeast of the mountain Siriwani northwest of the mountain Sawasiray and east of the mountain Paru Urqu at the Lares trek. One of the nearest populated places is Kiswarani (Quishuarani).
 The Owings Upper Mill (also known as A.E. Groff's Flour Mill) is a historic grist mill located at Owings Mills Baltimore County Maryland United States. It is a large 3 1⁄2-story brick structure 50 by 60 feet (15 by 18 m). The building stands on a low stone foundation surmounted by a molded brick water table. Two frame extensions were built sometime in the 1880s. The words EUREKA FLOUR MILL are worked into the façade in purple brick between the second- and third-story windows.
 Nycticeius is a small genus of bats in the vesper bat family Vespertilionidae. It contains three species the Evening Bat (N. humeralis) the Cuban Evening Bat (N. cubanus) and Nycticeius aenobarbus. Some authorities include several other Old World species in Nycticeius but recent genetic work shows that is a completely New World genus. The Cuban Night Bat is found only on the island of Cuba and very little is known about this species. It is similar in appearance to N.
 The Ome Railway Park (青梅鉄道公園 Ōme Tetsudō Kōen) is a railway museum in Ōme Tokyo Japan. It opened in 1962 and is operated by the East Japan Railway Culture Foundation a foundation established by East Japan Railway Company.
 Turbonilla regina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 In Love & War is the fourth studio album by American R&B recording artist Amerie released November 3 2009 on Def Jam Recordings. Recording sessions for the album took place during 2008 to 2009 at Record Plant Studios in Hollywood California and at other recording studios in Miami Florida and Atlanta Georgia.
 Hand of Death (simplified Chinese: 少林门; traditional Chinese: 少林門; pinyin: shǎolínmén) is a 1976 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by John Woo and starring Doran Tan and James Tien and featuring early acting performances from Chan Yuan-lung Sammo Hung and Yuen Biao in supporting roles. In addition to their acting roles Hung also worked as stunt co-ordinator whilst Yuen also performed much of the stuntwork including doubling for both of the principal stars.
 Andrew Jackson Sevier Jr. (January 30 1872 - August 25 1941) was the sheriff of Madison Parish in the delta country of northeastern Louisiana having served from 1904 until his death in office thirty-seven years later at the age of sixty-nine. He was a direct descendant of John Sevier a fighter in the American Revolution who served as governor of Tennessee and is the namesake of Sevierville in Sevier County in eastern Tennessee.
 Above and Beyoncé: Video Collection & Dance Mixes is a remix and video album by American R&B singer Beyoncé. Consisting of two discs the album features music videos on one disc and dance remixes on the other. It was initially released on June 16 2009 through Wal-Mart stores and J&R exclusively although it was later made available through other retailers.
 Doghat Tisra Aata Sagala Visara is a Marathi movie released on 15 February 2008. The movie has been produced and directed by Kaanchan Adhikkari. The movie is based on the delicate issues of trust between a husband and wife and how a simple friendship can snowball into major misunderstanding. The movie was a major hit at the Box office was house-full at all theatres.
 Roadflower also known as Road Flower or The Road Killers is a 1994 American suspense thriller starring Christopher Lambert Joseph Gordon-Levitt David Arquette Josh Brolin Christopher McDonald John Pyper-Ferguson and Adrienne Shelly.The movie follows the story of Ping (Christopher) and his friends and family going for a short country trip. Along the way they are harrased by gangs of murders led by maniac Cliff (Sheffer).
 Hail Mary (French: Je vous salue Marie) is a 1985 French film written and directed by Jean-Luc Godard. The film is a modern retelling of the story of a virgin birth. It was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Ray Brook (FCI Ray Brook) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in New York State. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FCI Ray Brook is located in Upstate New York midway between the villages of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake.
 You Are What You Love is the third studio album by Juno Award winning Canadian singer-songwriter Melanie Doane. It was first released independently on February 14 2003 via Melanie's official website and later distributed by Warner Music Canada to retail outlets in Canada on May 6 2003.
 Dick House is a historic home located at Germantown in Columbia County New York. It was built about 1860 and is five bays wide and two bays deep with a gable roof. There is a flat roofed west wing. It has a center hall plan with Italianate style detailing on the interior.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Conception Vessel is the debut album by Paul Motian released on the ECM label in 1973. It was recorded on November 25 & 26 1972 at Butterfly and Sound Ideas Studios New York City and features performances by Motian with Keith Jarrett Charlie Haden Leroy Jenkins Sam Brown and Becky Friend.
 Young Policemen In Love (Chinese: 新紮師兄追女仔; Jyutping: Sun Jat Si Hing Zhui Nui Zi) is a 1995 joint Taiwan and Hong Kong action comedy movie directed by Taiwanese director Chu Yin-ping and produced by Hong Kong director Wong Jing. Starring Taiwanese actor singer Takeshi Kaneshiro Nicky Wu and Hong Kong actress singer Charlie Yeung. The Hong Kong Chinese title 新紮師兄追女仔 literally translate as Moving Targets Chasing Girls. The movie was first released in Taiwan under the title Student Men 逃學戰警.
 Metztli Obscura is the third full-length album by the Mexican death metal band Hacavitz. This is the last album to feature Oscar Garcia on drums and percussion.
 The Almășel River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 The Second Deadly Sin (Swedish: Till offer åt Molok 2011) is a crime novel by Swedish writer Åsa Larsson fifth in the Rebecka Martinsson series. It will be published in the USA June 3 2014.
 Colloids and Surfaces A: Physicochemical and Engineering Aspects is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research on the science related to applications of colloids and interfacial phenomena. The journal has been published since 1980 as Colloids and Surfaces and subsequently split in 1993 into Colloids and Surfaces A and Colloids and Surfaces B. The journal is published biweekly by Elsevier and jointly edited by M. Adler F. Grieser J.B. Li and D. Prieve
 The Chanin Building is a brick and terra-cotta skyscraper located at 122 East 42nd Street at the corner of Lexington Avenue in Midtown Manhattan New York City. Built by Irwin S. Chanin in 1929 it is 56 stories high reaching 197.8 metres (649 ft) excluding the spire and 207.3 metres (680 ft) including it.
 Hellboy: The Chained Coffin and Others is the third trade paperback collection in the Hellboy series created by Mike Mignola published by Dark Horse Comics on August 5 1998 which collects various mini-series one-shots and back-up features featuring fictional paranormal detective Hellboy.
 Noise and Resistance is a German documentary. The film follows the European DIY punk music scene. The directors enter the centres of a vivid and vibrant a rebellious and self-conscious scene.
 Sir Francis Joseph Soertsz (d. 1951) KC was an Acting Chief Justice of Ceylon who served on three occasions in 1939 1945 and 1946.
 Jorge Washington Larrañaga Fraga (born August 8 1956 Paysandú) is a Uruguayan politician. He is a senator (2000-2004 2005-) and was Intendant of Paysandú (1990–1999). He was the presidential candidate of the National Party (Blancos) in 2004.
 Coffee Creek Correctional Facility is a women's prison and prisoner intake center in Wilsonville Oregon United States. Operated by the Oregon Department of Corrections the 1684-bed facility opened in 2001 at a 108-acre (0.44 km2) campus. The selection of the location for the prison was controversial and included legal challenges. The minimum and medium security facility operates several programs designed to teach skills to inmates. Coffee Creek is the only women's prison in Oregon.
 Prema (Telugu: ప్రేమ) is a 1952 Telugu drama film produced and directed by P. S. Ramakrishna Rao of Bharani Pictures and starring A. Nageswara Rao and P. Bhanumathi. Bhanumathi wrote the story for the first time. It is simultaneously made into Tamil language entitled Kadhal (Tamil: காதல்).
 Abdol Karimi (Persian: عبدالكريمي‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdol Karīmī and ‘Abd ol Karīmī) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Foxhill House is a Gothic revival style building on what is now the Whiteknights campus of the University of Reading at Earley adjoining the English town of Reading. It currently houses the University's School of Law.The house was originally built in 1868 by the famous architect Alfred Waterhouse and used as his own residence until in the early 1870s he moved into an even grander property Yattendon Court which he had built in 1867.
 Miranda Mai Du (born December 11 1969) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the District of Nevada.
 The Two of Them is a feminist science fiction novel by Joanna Russ. It was first published in 1978 in the United States by Berkley Books and in Great Britain by The Women's Press in 1986. It was last reissued in 2005 by the Wesleyan University Press with a foreword by Sarah LeFanu.
 John James Marshall (September 24 1755 – July 6 1835) was the fourth Chief Justice of the United States (1801–1835). His court opinions helped lay the basis for United States constitutional law and made the Supreme Court of the United States a coequal branch of government along with the legislative and executive branches. Previously Marshall had been a leader of the Federalist Party in Virginia and served in the United States House of Representatives from 1799 to 1800.
 Valhalla is a Danish animated feature film released in 1986 by Metronome based on volumes one four and five of the comic book series of the same name in its turn based on the Scandinavian tales of the Norse mythology as they are told in Snorri Sturlusons so called Younger Edda (c. 1230). It was directed by Disney animator Jeffrey J. Varab and cartoonist Peter Madsen.
 Uluağaç Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk Ankara Province Turkey.
 Oz: The Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the HBO television series Oz. It was released on January 9 2001 through Avatar Records and contained hip hop music from all three coasts East West and South. The album peaked at #42 on the Billboard 200 and #8 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and spawned one single Behind the Walls which went to #52 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
 The Potomac River /pəˈtoʊmək/ is located along the mid-Atlantic coast of the United States and flows into the Chesapeake Bay. The river (main stem and North Branch) is approximately 405 miles (652 km) long with a drainage area of about 14700 square miles (38000 km²). In terms of area this makes the Potomac River the fourth largest river along the Atlantic coast of the United States and the 21st largest in the United States. Over 5 million people live within the Potomac watershed.
 The International Journal for Numerical Methods in Fluids is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering developments in numerical methods applied to fluid dynamics. It is published by John Wiley & Sons. Its editors-in-chief are Rémi Abgrall (INRIA and Institut Polytechnique de Bordeaux) and Charbel Farhat (Stanford University). The journal was established in 1981.
 The Defence of Duffer's Drift is a short 1904 book by Major General Sir Ernest Dunlop Swinton. It purports to be a series of six dreams by Lieutenant Backsight Forethought about the defence of a river crossing in the Boer War. The infantry tactics in the early dreams are disastrous but each time BF learns something until in the final defence he is successful.
 Przysieka [pʂɨˈɕeka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Miasto within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 The Tye River is a 35.4-mile-long (57.0 km) tributary of the James River in central Virginia in the United States. Originating on the eastern slope of the Blue Ridge Mountains in Nelson County and fed by the Piney and Buffalo rivers by way of the James River it is part of the watershed of the Chesapeake Bay.Although normally it is one of the more minor tributaries of the James River in August 1969 the Tye River was at the center of one of Virginia's worst natural disasters.
 Strzemeszno [stʂɛˈmɛʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Gąbin 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Płock and 85 km (53 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 157.
 El Hombre del año is a 1970 Argentine film.
 Anisoceratidae is an extinct family of heteromorph ammonites which belong to the Ancyloceratina superfamily Turrilitaceae. Their range is from the lower Albian to the upper Turonian. The family is possibly derived from a member of the Hamitidae.Anisoceratid shells begin as an irregular helical spiral which typically becomes confined to a single plane with growth. This is usually followed by at least a single straight shaft. Ribs and tubercles are common features.
 Gładczyn [ˈɡwatt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zatory within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Asian gray shrew (Crocidura attenuata) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Bhutan Cambodia China India Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal Pakistan the Philippines Thailand and Vietnam.
 This article is about an ambient music album by Synæsthesia. For the dictionary definition of the word see desideratum.Desideratum is the second album of ambient band Synæsthesia which was released in 1995.
 Alcott is an impact crater on Venus.
 The pygmy hippopotamus (Choeropsis liberiensis or Hexaprotodon liberiensis) is a small hippopotamid native to the forests and swamps of West Africa primarily in Liberia and small populations in Sierra Leone Guinea and Ivory Coast. The pygmy hippo is reclusive and nocturnal.
 Kavalaq (Persian: كولق‎) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 379 in 107 families.
 Lu Ping (Chinese: 魯平) is a Chinese politician and diplomat. He served as Director of the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China.
 Paul C. Shomshor Jr. (born April 10 1967) is a former Iowa State Representative from the 100th District. He served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 2003 when he was elected in a special election until 2011. He received his BA and MA from Baylor University.During his last term in the Iowa House Shomshor served on the Agriculture Commerce and (until November 9 2009) State Government committees.
 The Auto Rest Garage is a building complex located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 High Wall is a 1947 film noir starring Robert Taylor Audrey Totter and Herbert Marshall. It was directed by Curtis Bernhardt from a screenplay by Sydney Boehm and Lester Cole based on a play by Alan R. Clark and Bradbury Foote.
 Sangeet Sharada is an 1899 Marathi Sangeet Natak (Musical play) written and directed by playwright Govind Ballal Deval.
 Saint-Esprit-de-Rosemont Church (French: Église Saint-Esprit-de-Rosemont) (formerly Sainte-Philomène Church) is a Roman Catholic church in the Rosemont–La Petite-Patrie borough of Montreal. Built between 1931 and 1933 it is one of the rare churches with Art-deco architecture. The architect Joseph-Égilde-Césaire Daoust completed the foundations and basement 1922–23; and completed the church 1932-33.It is situated on Masson Street in the heart of the Vieux-Rosemont neighbourhood.
 On the Bus with Rosa Parks is a poetry book by Rita Dove.
 A Natural History of Rape: Biological Bases of Sexual Coercion is a 2000 book about rape by biologist Randy Thornhill and anthropologist Craig T. Palmer. Thornhill and Palmer propose that rape should be understood through evolutionary psychology and criticize the argument popularized by Susan Brownmiller's Against Our Will that rape is not sexually motivated.
 The Laquette is a river of northern France right tributary of the Lys. It flows into the Lys in Aire-sur-la-Lys.
 Christenberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Mantram Handbook describes methods of using a mantram — sometimes called a Holy Name — in daily living. Benefits are also described. Written by Eknath Easwaran the book was originally published in the United States in 1977. Several subsequent editions have been published sometimes under different titles in the United States the United Kingdom and India. Foreign (non-English) editions have also been published in several languages.
 The Hanora Mills (also known as the Hanora Lippitt Mills Apartments) are an historic site in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The oldest part of the mill complex was constructed in brick around 1827 by the Ballou family and it was named Harrison Mills. The mill was a water powered facility with a specially dug trench. In the mid-nineteenth century Henry Lippitt's company purchased the mill from the Ballous and it became known as Lippitt Mills.
 Pheromones is the first album released by the Norwegian band Animal Alpha. The track Bundy was featured in the video games NHL 06 and Burnout Revenge for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 and Burnout Legends for the PSP. Bundy is also included in the end credits of the film Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters but is not included in the film's soundtrack.
 The Țibana River is a tributary of the Sacovăț River in Romania.
 Voorhees Mall is a large grassy area with stately shade trees on a block (sometimes known as Voorhees Campus) of about 28 acres (0.11 km²) located on the College Avenue Campus of Rutgers University near downtown New Brunswick New Jersey. An eclectic mix of architectural styles Voorhees Mall is lined by many historic academic buildings. The block is bound by Hamilton Street (to the east) George Street (north) College Avenue (south) and Seminary Place (west).
 The Bishop Misbehaves is a 1935 American comedy crime film directed by Ewald André Dupont and starring Edmund Gwenn Maureen O'Sullivan and Lucile Watson. It was based on the 1934 play of the same title by Frederick J. Jackson. Dupont made the film after signing a one-film contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer having made his first American sound film the year before with Universal Pictures. It is also known by the alternative title The Bishop's Misadventures.
 Eddie Lee Jackson is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 114th District since his appointment on January 9 2009 to replace Wyvetter H. Younge. The district includes Alorton Belleville Brooklyn Cahokia Centreville East St.
 Shinjuku Triad Society (Shinjuku kuroshakai: Chaina mafia sensô) is a 1995 Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike. The film is one of the earliest examples of Miike's use of extreme violence and unusual characterization two aspects he would become notorious for. The film is part of the Black Triad trilogy and is followed by Rainy Dog and Ley Lines.
 Terrible Beauty is a novel by New York Congressman Peter T. King from the Yeats poem Easter 1916. He also wrote Vale of Tears.
 Quiet Kill is a 2004 film directed by Mark Jones. It stars Corbin Bernsen and Claudia Christian.
 Tickell's Blue Flycatcher (Cyornis tickelliae) is a small passerine bird in the flycatcher family. This is an insectivorous species which breeds in tropical Asia from the Indian Subcontinent eastwards to Southeast Asia. Its range stretches across all the countries from India to Indonesia. They are blue on the upperparts and the throat and breast are rufous.
 Joy Thomas is an Indian politician and presently the President of the Kerala State Co-operative Consumers Federation Limited.
 The Pullman District as it has been designated on the list of Chicago Landmarks or Pullman Historic District as it has been designated on the National Register of Historic Places was the first model planned industrial community in the United States. The district is significant for its historical origins in the Pullman Company one of the most famous company towns in the United States and scene of the violent 1894 Pullman strike.
 Paraxestis is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family.
 The Fire temple of Isfahan (Persian: آتشگاه اصفهان‎ Âtašgâh-e Esfahân also Romanized as Ātashgāh-e Esfahān) is a Sassanid-era archaeological complex located on a hill of the same name about eight kilometers west of city center of Isfahan Iran.The hill which rises about 210 meters above the surrounding plain was previously called Maras or Marabin after a village near there and it is by that name that the site is referred to by Arab historians.
 Chapter VI 【Atlantis】 (Chinese: 第六章【亞特蘭提斯】) is the sixth studio album of Taiwanese band F.I.R. It was released on April 15 2011.
 Ramsheh (Persian: رامشه‎ also Romanized as Rāmsheh and Rāmshah; also known as Rūm Shāh) is a village in Ramsheh Rural District Jarqavieh Olya District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2579 in 770 families.
 NOTCH is an Indian entertainment and lifestyle online magazine. It is part of privately held Pradeep Dadha Group of Companies with Pradeep Dadha as chairman. NOTCH's corporate office is located in Chennai India.
 Wishmastour 2000 is a compilation by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish. Only one track (Wishmaster) actually appeared on an official album. The others songs are either bonus tracks from foreign versions of Angels Fall First and Oceanborn or unreleased versions of songs from all three of the albums.
 Pacific Park Plaza is a 30-story residential building located in Emeryville California. Standing at 96.9 m tall Pacific Park Plaza is the tallest building in Emeryville.Pacific Park Plaza was completed in 1984. The apartments are a mix of one-bed and two-beds. Residents and homeowners can join the Pacific Park Plaza Homeowners Association.
 Toscanelli is a tiny bowl-shaped lunar crater that is located to the north of the prominent crater Aristarchus in the northwestern part of the Moon. The crater lies at the southern end of a rille that proceeds towards the north. This rille is part of a nearby system that has the designation Rimae Aristarchus. Just to the south of Toscanelli is a fault line in the surface named the Rupes Toscanelli after the crater.
 James William Campbell (born March 14 1947) was a member of the Maryland House of Delegates District 42.
 4 is the first studio EP by the Canadian hardcore punk super group Cunter released on June 16 2009. There was and will only be one printing of this album which was limited to 502 black vinyl albums. The album continues to be available as a digital download. All the tracks were also included on Cunter’s full-length album 10.
 Lake Alice is a small lake on the University of Florida campus in Gainesville Florida USA.The lake is a wildlife area and is one of the few areas in incorporated Gainesville where one may view live alligators. The university's bat house is near the lake. The Baughman Center sits on the southwest bank of the lake.
 Oakland Hall is a historic home located near Moorefield Hardy County West Virginia. It was built about 1850 and is a Greek Revival style dwelling. It is the clubhouse for the Valley View Golf Club.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Nomads of the North is a 1920 American film featuring Lon Chaney and Lewis Stone. A Canadian Mountie allows an innocent fugitive to escape with the woman he loves. The film is based on the 1919 novel of the same name by American author James Oliver Curwood.
 Flowers for Algernon is a science fiction short story and subsequent novel written by Daniel Keyes. The short story written in 1958 and first published in the April 1959 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1960.
 Dolphins is an IMAX documentary produced in 2000. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short Subject. Directed by Greg MacGillivray with Chris Palmer serving as executive producer this feature follows a few scientists studying dolphins (chiefly Kathleen Dudzinski Dean Bernal and Alejandro Acevedo-Gutiérrez as well as Louis Herman and Bernd Wursig) as they work to learn more about dolphins.
 Fly by Wire: The Geese the Glide the Miracle on the Hudson is a book written in 2009 by William Langewiesche about US Airways Flight 1549 with emphasis on the role played by the advanced fly-by-wire flight control system of the aircraft.The following is an excerpt:...the NTSB ran a study of the choices available. A simulator was programmed to duplicate the circumstances of Sullenberger's bird strike...and four pilots were enlisted to fly a series of attempts on LaGuardia.
 Desk (Persian: دسك‎) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 20 families.
 Snåsa Church (Norwegian: Snåsa kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Snåsa in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Snåsa. The church is part of the Snåsa parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The stone church was originally built in 1200 but it was remodeled and enlarged in 1869. The Neo-Gothic style church now seats about 500 people.
 Amietophrynus langanoensis is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Ethiopia possibly Eritrea and possibly Somalia.Its natural habitats are dry savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland rivers freshwater lakes freshwater marshes and canals and ditches.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Dycladia vitrina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1911. It is found in Honduras and Ecuador.
 The Five Greatest Warriors is the third thriller novel in the Jack West Jr. series by the Australian writer Matthew Reilly. The book is the third in an Indiana Jones-style action series. The preceding book was The Six Sacred Stones which ended in a cliffhanger with archaeologist and ex-soldier Jack West Jr. and his team searching for the last four Vertices of the Machine. The series is published by Pan Macmillan and this book was first released on 20 October 2009 in Australia.
 The Stovall is a 255 ft (78 m) tall high rise in Tampa Florida. It was completed in 2001 and has 22 floors. J. Scott Architecture designed the building which is the 17th tallest in Tampa.
 Ventnor Priory was a priory in the Isle of Wight England.
 Prizer's Mill Complex is a national historic district located in East Pikeland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The district includes 5 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 2 contributing structures. They include miller's houses dated to the 18th and 19th century two barns a cistern a grist mill millrace and the remains of a 19th-century carriage house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Alive: The Final Evolution (アライブ -最終 進化的 少年- Araibu - Saishū Shinkateki Shōnen) is a manga series written by Tadashi Kawashima and illustrated by Adachitoka. The series premiered in Monthly Shōnen Magazine in October 2003. Tadashi finished the series on his sickbed in February 2010 and the final chapter was published in the March issue of the Monthly Shōnen Magazine although he died soon after. The chapters were later collected by Kodansha and released in 21 tankōbon bound volumes.
 The Sauble River is a river in Bruce County and Grey County in southwestern Ontario Canada that flows from its headwaters in the township of Chatsworth to Lake Huron at the community of Sauble Beach.
 Swaryczów [sfaˈrɨt͡ʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Zamość and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Gigantophis garstini was a giant prehistoric snake which may have measured more than 10 metres (33 ft) larger than any living species of snake. Before Titanoboa was discovered in Colombia in 2002 it was regarded as the largest snake in history. Gigantophis lived approximately 40 million years ago in the southern Sahara where Egypt and Algeria are now located.
 Blattoptera or proto-cockroaches is a name given to various roachid fossil insects related to cockroaches mantises and termites and of general cockroach-like appearance and possibly habit. The group is on the rank of an order though being paraphyletic is most often given without formal taxonomic rank.
 Laothoe populeti is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from eastern Turkey and Armenia through north-eastern Iraq the Iranian plateau and the central Asian republics of Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Tajikistan Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan and north-western China.The wingspan is 70-120 mm. It is similar to Laothoe populi but with no violet tint to the grey pigmentation which is itself paler and faintly pinkish orange.
 The Lonely Man of Faith is a philosophical essay written by Rabbi Joseph B. Soloveitchik first published in the summer 1965 issue of Tradition and published in a newly revised edition in 2011 by Koren Publishers Jerusalem.In The Lonely Man of Faith Soloveitchik reads the first two chapters of Genesis as offering two images of Adam which are in many ways at odds with one another.
 El Complejo de Felipe is a 1951 Argentine film. It was directed by Juan Carlos Thorry and written by Julio Porter. It featured Enrique Serrano.
 Drzewoszewo [dʐɛvɔˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirosławiec within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Mirosławiec 14 km (9 mi) west of Wałcz and 113 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Tahoma Glacier is a long glacier mostly on the western flank of Mount Rainier in Washington. It covers 1.2 square miles (3.1 km2) and contains 4.3 billion ft3 (122 million m3) of ice. The glacier starts out near the summit of the volcano at over 14200 feet (4300 m).
 The Pale-billed Parrotbill (Chleuasicus atrosuperciliaris) also known as the Black-browed Parrotbill or Lesser Rufous-headed Parrotbill is a species of parrotbill in the Sylviidae family.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan China India Laos Myanmar and Thailand.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 MAZE: Solve the World's Most Challenging Puzzle (1985 Henry Holt and Company) is a puzzle book written and illustrated by Christopher Manson. The book was originally published as part of a contest to win $10000.Unlike other puzzle books each page is involved in solving the book's riddle.
 Royal Robbins (born February 3 1935) is one of the pioneers of American rock climbing. After learning to climb at Tahquitz he went on to make first ascents of many big wall routes in Yosemite. As an early proponent of boltless pitonless clean climbing he along with Yvon Chouinard was instrumental in changing the climbing culture of the late 1960s and early 1970s by encouraging the use and preservation of the natural features of the rock.
 Praktores 005 enantion (C)Hrysopodarou or Praktores 005 ena(n)dion Hris(s)opodarou (Greek: Πράκτορες 005 εναντίον Χρυσοπόδαρου is a 1965 Greek comedy film directed by Orestis Laskos and written by Nikos Nikolaidis and starring Kostas Rigopoulos Costas Hajihristos Giannis Gkionakis Beata Assimakopoulou Giorgos Vrassivanopoulos and Giorgos Velentzas.
 David E. Litvack (born April 25 1972) is a Democratic member of the Utah State House of Representatives representing the state's 26th house district in central Salt Lake City and part of West Valley City since 2000. He currently serves as the Minority Leader in the Utah House.
 We Like to Rock is a compilation album by the Canadian rock band April Wine released in 1988. It is a repackaging for the U.S. market of the 1979 album Harder.....Faster with a reordering of the songs and a different cover.
 Nudaurelia cytherea (Fabr. 1775) capensis (Cramer 1780) aka as the Pine Tree Emperor Moth or Christmas Caterpillar because of it festive colouration is a Southern African member of the Saturniidae family. The family has large edible caterpillars which are an important source of protein for the Bantu races of Southern Africa.
 Try is the fifth studio album by Christian Contemporary-Folk-Pop-Rock musician Bebo Norman. The album is the third with Essential Records and his sixth album overall including his first independent release. This album was released on August 24 2004 and the producers are Brown Bannister Matt Bronleewe and Mitch Dane.
 Yaar Annmulle is a 2011 Indian Punjabi language film based on three friends and their college life. It stars Arya Babbar Yuvraj Hans (son of Hans Raj Hans) Harish Verma Jividha Ashta Kajal Jain Jenny Ghottra in lead roles and directed by Anurag Singh. The film was released on 7 October 2011. The film featured the song Tera Ishq Soniye by Lehmber Hussainpuri
 The Eiger Sanction is a 1975 American action thriller directed by and starring Clint Eastwood. Based on the novel of the same name by Trevanian the film is about a classical art professor and mountain climber who doubles as a professional assassin and who is coerced out of retirement to avenge the murder of an old friend.
 Q'illu Q'illu (Aymara and Quechua q'illu yellow the reduplication indicates that there is a group or a complex of something a complex of yellow q'illu q'illu a plant (Berberis bumaelifolia) hispanicized spelling Jello Jello) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5220 metres (17126 ft) high. It is situated in the Arequipa Region Caylloma Province in the districts Callalli and Chivay. Q'illu Q'illu lies northeast of the higher mountain Warank'anthi.
 The Galloway hills are part of the Southern Uplands of Scotland and form the northern boundary of western Galloway. They lie within the bounds of Galloway Forest Park an area of some 300 square miles (800 km2) of largely uninhabited wild land managed by the Forestry Commission. The unusual place names reflect a mixture of the Old Norse and Scottish Gaelic languages and hint at the range of influences which have acted on society within the area over the centuries.
 Gilbert Salvadore Iberri Garcetti (born August 5 1941) best-known as Gil Garcetti is an American politician. He served as Los Angeles County's 40th District Attorney for two terms from 1992 until November 7 2000. He is the father of Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti.
 Sheywa is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Waterworld is an album by the Leak Bros. the album was released on July 14 2004 by Eastern Conference. The Leak Bros. is a rap duo composed of underground rappers Cage Kennylz and Tame One. Every song on Waterworld is about the drug PCP.Street names for PCP like water wet leak fry sherm dip death angel dust dust purple rain embalming fluid and formaldehyde are all constantly referenced throughout the album.
 The Charles Browne House is a historic house located at 932 South Church Street in North Adams Massachusetts. It was built in 1869 for Charles A. Browne a local inventor who invented the electrical fuse and who worked on the Hoosac Tunnel. The house which is located not far from the western portal of the tunnel was constructed in a distinctive regional variant of the Italianate style of which it is a significant surviving example.
 A.J. Holloway was elected Mayor of Biloxi Mississippi (U.S.) in 1993 and began his fourth term in July 2005. He was educated in the Biloxi public schools and graduated from the University of Mississippi. Prior to his election as mayor Holloway worked at the Mississippi Tax Commission for 12 years reaching the position of senior revenue agent and served one term on the Biloxi City Council representing Ward 3.
 Neocrepidodera nigritula is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania Andorra Benelux Denmark Liechtenstein Macedonia Moldova Monaco Portugal San Marino Spain Vatican City Yugoslavia and various European islands.
 The KPMG Tower formerly Maison des Coopérants or Place de la Cathédrale is a 34 storey skyscraper located in downtown Montreal that was completed in 1987. It is located at 600 de Maisonneuve Ouest and has an official height of 146 m (479 ft).
 Bagh Kuchek (Persian: باغ كوچك‎ also Romanized as Bāgh Kūchek; also known as Bāgh Kocheh Bāgh Kocheḩeh and Bāgh Kūcheh) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Smithfield Farm is a historic plantation home and farm located near Berryville Clarke County Virginia. The manor house was completed in 1824 and is a two-story five bay brick dwelling in the Federal-style. It has a low hipped roof and front and rear porticos. Also on the property are the a schoolteacher's residence and a combination farm office and a summer kitchen each with stepped parapet facades.
 Stealing America: Vote by Vote is a 2008 documentary film directed by filmmaker Dorothy Fadiman which examines the state of election manipulation in the United States.
 Intrigue and Love sometimes Love and Intrigue Love and Politics or Luise Miller (German: Kabale und Liebe literally Cabals and Love) is a five-act play written by the German dramatist Friedrich Schiller (1759–1805). It was his third play and shows how cabals and their intrigue destroy the love between Ferdinand von Walter a nobleman's son and Luise Miller daughter of a middle-class musician.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Williamsburg (FCI Williamsburg) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in South Carolina. It is run by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. It has an adjacent prison camp for minimum-security male offenders.FCI Williamsburg is located in the town of Salters 90 miles southeast of Columbia the state capital.
 Young Hearts Crying is the penultimate novel of American writer Richard Yates. The novel tells the story of struggling poet and artist Michael Davenport who spurns his heiress wife's offer of financial assistance choosing instead to make abortive attempts at achieving artistic success on his own terms.
 The Ger River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 The Energy of Sound is a 1998 album created by Trance Atlantic Air Waves a side project of Michael Cretu. Cretu worked alongside Jens Gad during the recording of the album. Out of the ten songs in the album only three were original as the rest were all cover versions.
 The Lake Linden Village Hall and Fire Station is a public building located at 401 Calumet Avenue in the Lake Linden Historic District in Lake Linden Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1994.
 The Long-tailed Spiny-rat Proechimys longicaudatus is a spiny rat species from South America. It is similar to a squirrel and found in Bolivia Brazil Peru Paraguay and the Welsh Border.
 Shake Rattle and Roll 8 is a 2006 horror film and was an entry for the 32nd Metro Manila Film Festival. The film is the 8th installment of the Shake Rattle & Roll series and contains three segments.
 Pirzadeh (Persian: پيرزاده‎ also Romanized as Pīrzādeh) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 That Funny Feeling is a 1965 American romantic comedy film starring Sandra Dee Bobby Darin and Donald O'Connor.This was the third film pairing of Dee and then-husband Darin following 1961's Come September and 1962's If a Man Answers. It was the second film that O'Connor and Kathleen Freeman (who played a lady in a telephone booth) made together the first being Singin' in the Rain.
 Tricky Dicks is the 147th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Kowsar (Persian: کوثر‎ also Romanized as Kows̄ar) is a village in Mazu Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 43 families.
 Traveling in Sin is a memoir by American authors Lisa Niver Rajna and George Rajna of We Said Go Travel that is written in the voices of the story’s two leading protagonists who met on-line in January 2007.
 Daft is a compilation collecting Art of Noise LP Who's Afraid of the Art Of Noise? (with one track Snapshot appearing in a longer version than on the original UK LP but previously released on the Japanese version) along with portions of the Into Battle with the Art of Noise EP and Moments in Love remix single. It gives a fairly thorough overview of the Trevor Horn period of the group prior to its split from the ZTT label.
 frankie magazine is a bi-monthly Australian magazine featuring music art fashion photography craft and other cultural content. In 2012 frankie magazine was awarded Australian Magazine Of The Year at the Australian Magazine Awards as well as winning out over both Vogue and Harper's Bazaar for the Australian Fashion Magazine Of The Year.frankie magazine was launched in October 2004 by editor Louise Bannister and creative director Lara Burke.
 Cophecheilus bamen is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae the carps and minnows. It is the only member of the monotypic genus Cophecheilus bamen. It was described in 2011 from a tributary of the Zou-Jiang a river in the Pearl River drainage in Jingxi County Guangxi China. The species name bamen is from Ba Men the local common name for this and similar fish.This fish is distinguished from related species by the morphology of its mouth including its lips and jaws.
 The mosaic pleurobranch scientific name Pleurobranchus albiguttatus is a species of sea slug a sidegill slug a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pleurobranchidae.
 Live at Montreux 1981 is a live video album released by Mike Oldfield. The concert was recorded at Montreux Jazz Festival in 1981 and later released on DVD in 2006 by Eagle Vision and Montreux Sounds with thanks to Virgin Records.It was a part of Oldfield's European Adventure Tour 1981.
 The Spiraling Worm is a science fiction and Lovecraftian horror novel written in the style of a spy thriller by authors David Conyers and John Sunseri and published in 2007. The novel went on to receive an Honourable Mention for Best Australian Horror Novel in the 12th Annual Aurealis Award (2007) and the Australian Shadows Award (2007). The last three stories received honorable mentions in the Year's Best Fantasy and Horror Volume 21.
 Offensive Fouls is a Canadian play about racism. It was written by Jason Long. The play premiered in 1999 and was initially produced by All Nations Theatre the organization that commissioned Long to write the play. Hustle n' Bustle Theatre made its debut with the play in 2011. There are only two characters in the play: Joey a 17-year-old Irish-Canadian basketball player; and Christine his Chinese-Canadian girlfriend.
 Let's Ryde 2Night EP is an EP by rap group Tha Dogg Pound. It was released online as an iTunes exclusive after Tha Dogg Pound's deal with Cash Money Records was postponed. The featured single Ch-Ching was intended for their 100 Wayz album but was released on Let's Ryde 2Night along with several other new songs as well a few unreleased Dogg Pound tracks that were originally recorded for Cali Iz Active.
 Gil Montilla (born September 11 1876 – July 20 1946) was a Filipino politician who served as Speaker of the National Assembly from 1935 to 1938 and a member of the Philippine Senate from Negros Occidental from 1931 to 1935. Prior to his political career he was president of the Isabela Sugar Company. A barangay and Gil Montilla National High School in Sipalay City are named after him.
 Americana Deluxe is the third studio album by Big Bad Voodoo Daddy. This album is also sometimes called Big Bad Voodoo Daddy as the album cover prominently displays a stylized Big Bad Voodoo Daddy logo and does not feature the phrase Americana Deluxe on it. However the liner notes and the band's website clearly show that the true title is indeed Americana Deluxe.
 Michael J. Madigan (born April 19 1942) is the Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives and Chairman of the Democratic Party of Illinois.
 The Toronto Standard is an English language digital newspaper based in Toronto Ontario Canada. It was launched in 2010 to cover urban affairs business technology culture and design. The company produces its own video content; its 'Made In Toronto' video series has won awards for its quality.[citation needed]The same name was used for a daily newspaper established in 1848.
 Charles Wiener de Croisset (born September 28 1943 in New York City) is a French banker.
 Gav Sefid-e Kuchek (Persian: گاوسفيدكوچك‎ also Romanized as Gāv Sefīd-e Kūchek Gāv Safīd-e Kūchak and Gav Sefid Koochak) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District Rig District Ganaveh County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 84 in 20 families.
 Magic Line is the second studio album by New Zealand Pop rock band Stellar* released by Sony BMG on 21 October 2001 in New Zealand. When the album was released it hit the #1 position on New Zealands RIANZ albums charts in its first week. However unlike its predecessor Mix on the charts it would quickly fall down staying within the top 10 for only two more weeks.The album features a re-arranged version of the band's song Sorry which appeared on their 1999 single Part of Me as a B-side.
 Everybody Knows is the sixth studio album by country music artist Trisha Yearwood. Everybody Knows is an album containing country pop-styled ballads. It was given 3 out of 5 stars by Allmusic.The album reached #6 on the Billboard country albums chart. The album produced the fourth Billboard country Number One hit of her career in Believe Me Baby (I Lied) as well as a #3 in its title track and a #36 in I Need You.The album was also nominated for the CMA Album of the Year award.
 Esli (Russian: Если Russian for If) was a Russian science fiction literary magazine. It was started in 1991 in Moscow as a publisher of foreign SF stories but soon broadened its format to include Russophone writers as well. In 2000s Esli also started publishing fantasy short stories and articles on futurology.The magazine won the European Science Fiction Award (Eurocon award) for best science fiction magazine in 2000. Esli closed down by the end of 2012 due to retailing problems.
 Five Ashore in Singapore AKA Singapore Singapore and Cinq gars pour Singapour is a 1967 French/Italian international co-production film based on the 1959 novel by Jean Bruce. Filmed on location in Singapore in 1966 it was the last film of Sean Flynn.
 Pendekar Bujang Lapok (The Three Bachelor Warriors) is a 1959 Singaporean comedy film directed by P. Ramlee. It is the second in the Bujang Lapok series of films and stars the Bujang Lapok trio of P. Ramlee S.
 FIELD magazine is a twice-yearly literary magazine published by Oberlin College in Oberlin Ohio and focusing on contemporary poetry and poetics.FIELD has published spring and fall issues each year since its founding in 1969. Contributors have included Adrienne Rich Charles Wright Thomas Lux and Franz Wright.
 Chenar (Persian: چنار‎ also Romanized as Chenār) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 37 families.
 Douglas Adams's Guide to The Hitch-Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a BBC Radio production sold as an audio book on two cassette tapes. The programme was first broadcast in 1998 marking the 20th anniversary of the first radio programme in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series.
 Bantia is a genus of mantis in the family Thespidae.
 The Great Beauty (Italian: La grande bellezza) is a 2013 Italian film co-written and directed by Paolo Sorrentino. Filming took place in Rome starting on 9 August 2012. It premiered at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival where it was screened in competition for the Palme d'Or.
 The Railrodder is a 1965 short comedy film starring Buster Keaton in one of his final film roles directed by Gerald Potterton and produced by the National Film Board of Canada. A 25-minute comedic travelogue of Canada The Railrodder was also Keaton's final silent film as the film contains no dialogue and all sound effects are overdubbed.
 Nyctemera gratia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Philippines (Luzon Negros).
 White-Jacket; or The World in a Man-of-War (1850) is the fifth novel by American writer Herman Melville first published in England on January 23 by Richard Bentley and in the U.S. on March 21 by Harper & Brothers. It is based on his fourteen months service in the United States navy aboard the frigate United States.
 Thomas Wesley Jackson (June 6 1859 – February 26 1934) was a Canadian politician. He served on the 1st Council of the Northwest Territories for Qu'Appelle from 1884 to 1886.Jackson was born at Downsview Ontario of Irish ancestry. He worked as a lawyer for a time at Chatham Ontario before moving to the Qu'Appelle Valley in 1880. At Qu'Appelle he would farm and get involved with the railway eventually raising to the position of President of the Qu'Appelle and Wood Mountain Railway.
 Count Pavel Nikolayevich Ignatiev (Russian: Павел Николаевич Игнатьев sometimes rendered in English as Paul Ignatieff; June 30/July 12 1870 Istanbul– August 12 1945) was an Imperial Russian politician. Pavel's father Count Nikolay Pavlovich Ignatyev was Russian Minister of the Interior under Tsar Alexander III of Russia.
 The Journal of Transnational Law & Policy (Bluebook abbreviation: J. Transnat'l L. & Pol'y) is a law review that was established in 1991 as a scholarly forum for discussion of legal developments within the international community. Its articles span a variety of topics within the field of international law including human rights comparative law and U.S. foreign policy.
 Gina de Venecia also known as Manay Gina is a member of the Philippine House of Representatives for the 4th district of Pangasinan. She is the wife of Jose de Venecia Jr. Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 1992 to 1998 and 2001 to 2008.
 Doba [ˈdɔba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Giżycko and 80 km (50 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 210.
 Uprooted is the only release by the band Absent Element which featured singer/song writer Chris Daughtry on vocals and guitar. The songs Conviction and Breakdown were combined and re-recorded as the song Breakdown for the Daughtry's self-titled debut album.
 Coleman Alexander Young (May 24 1918 – November 29 1997) served as mayor of Detroit Michigan from 1974 to 1994. Young became the first African-American mayor of Detroit in the same week that Maynard Jackson became the first African-American mayor of Atlanta.Although Young had emerged from the far left element in Detroit he moved to the right after his election as mayor. He called an ideological truce and gained widespread support from the city's business leaders.
 Burmese Days is a novel by British writer George Orwell. It was first published in the USA in 1934.
 The Ålfotbreen glacier is located in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 17-square-kilometre (6.6 sq mi) glacier is located on the border of three municipalities in the Nordfjord region: Bremanger Flora and Gloppen. It is located west of the village of Hyen south of the village of Ålfoten and east of the village of Svelgen.The glacier reaches an elevation of 1385 metres (4544 ft) at its highest point.
 Jager Stores is a heritage-listed building on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia. It was originally built as an Oddfellows Hall.It was built in 1897 when the pensioner guard cottage occupying the site was demolished and a hall was built for the Manchester Unity Independent Order of Oddfellows. At the time the Oddfellows Hall had attracted many members partly due to the benefits available at times of sickness and misfortune.
 Amalocichla is a genus of bird in the Petroicidae family. It contains the following species: Greater Ground Robin (Amalocichla sclateriana) Lesser Ground Robin (Amalocichla incerta)
 The Black Duke (Italian: Il duca nero) is a 1963 Italian historical adventure film directed by Pino Mercanti.
 Ab Barik (Persian: اب باريك‎ also Romanized as Āb Bārīk Āb-e Bārīk and Āb-ī-Bārīk) is a village in Razan Rural District in the Central District of Razan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 904 in 216 families.
 The Assa (Tsirtslovn-Tskhali Russian: Асса Цирцловн-Цхали Georgian: ასა Chechen: Iaьса-хи Ingush: Эса-хий) is a right tributary of the Sunzha River in Georgia and Russia. It is located in Dusheti Municipality of Mtskheta-Mtianeti Georgia; and in Dzheyrakhsky and Sunzhensky Districts of Ingushetia and in Sunzhensky and Achkhoy-Martanovsky Districts of Chechnya Russia.
 This article describes the 34th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 34 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 34 or Now 34 was released in 1996 on vinyl audio cassette and Compact Disc. The album is the 34th edition of the (UK) Now! series.
 Balathali is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2473 and had 496 houses in it.
 Sonik Kicks is the eleventh studio album from English singer-songwriter and former member of The Jam Paul Weller and was released on 19 March 2012. The album reached number one on the UK Albums Chart beating David Guetta's Nothing But the Beat to the top spot by just 250 copies.
 Vägen hem till dej is a 1991 studio album from Swedish pop and country singer Kikki Danielsson.
 The Ebro (Spanish and Basque: [ˈeβɾo] ) or Ebre (Catalan: [ˈeβɾə ˈeβɾe]) is one of the most important rivers on the Iberian Peninsula. It is the biggest river by discharge volume in Spain. It is the second longest river in Spain after the Tagus.
 Esther Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County New York. The mountain is the northernmost of the High Peaks of the Adirondack Mountains and its 28th highest peak.
 Bob's Car is an album by the band Cracker released to fan club members in January 1995.
 Pragel Pass (el. 1548 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Swiss Alps between the cantons of Schwyz and Glarus between Muotathal and Netstal. The pass itself is located in the canton of Schwyz. The pass road is parallel to the road over Klausen Pass and has a maximum grade of 18 percent. The east side of the pass road is closed to motorized vehicles on Saturdays and Sundays which makes it ideal for bikers.
 Kolonia Domaszewnica [kɔˈlɔɲa dɔmaʂɛvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan-Majorat within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 The Citygate Ecotower was a proposal made in 2000 for a supertall skyscraper for London United Kingdom by M3 Architects. It was designed to be an environmentally friendly building and would be clad in photovoltaic cells and have wind turbines on the roof. The location of the tower would be over a large transport interchange (Aldgate High Street).At 108 floors and 450 metres (1476 ft) high it would have been the tallest building in Europe.
 Jules Louis Guillery (Nivelles 14 March 1824-Elsene 7 February 1902) was a Belgian lawyer and liberal politician.As a politician he was a member of the Belgian parliament and President of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives from 13 November 1878 until 10 March 1881 and Minister of State.
 Chilbongsan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 362 metres.
 William L. Mooty (May 23 1906 – June 16 1992) was an American Republican politician farmer and lawyer who served as the 37th Lieutenant Governor of Iowa from 1961 to 1965.Born in Grundy County Iowa Mooty served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. Mooty received his bachelors and law degrees from University of Iowa. He practiced law and managed his farm. Mooty served on the Grundy Center Iowa city council and in the Iowa House of Representatives.
 St. Thomas Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at 21 Elkton Road in Newark New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1843 and designed by noted architect Richard Upjohn. It is a one story three bay wide brick structure built of brick with stucco facing and a gable roof. It features a 35-foot entrance tower added in 1866 and is in the Gothic Revival style. In 1956 the building was deconsecrated when the parish moved to a larger church.
 Full Speed Ahead is the seventh (and possibly final) studio album by the American crossover thrash band D.R.I. which was released in 1995. The album has been met with mixed reviews and was not successful commercially.To date Full Speed Ahead remains the last album of new material D.R.I. had released. After the album's release the band had reached the conclusion they would no longer record any new music.
 The Cat’s-Paw (1934) is a comedy film starring Harold Lloyd and directed by Sam Taylor. It was one of the great silent film comedian’s few sound films.The Cat’s Paw a novel by Clarence Budington Kelland had appeared in the Saturday Evening Post from August 26-September 30 1933 when Lloyd read it and decided to buy the rights to it for $25000.
 San Ygnacio Creek is a small stream of water located in Webb County Texas which runs through Laredo Texas. The creek is formed 11 miles northwest of Laredo Texas and runs southwest for 12 mi (19 km) until the creek connects to the Lake Casa Blanca. The terrain surrounding the creek is mostly clay. The vegetation surrounding the creek is mostly made up of mesquite cacti and grasses. San Ygnacio Creek does not cross any major highway.
 Alonzo Foringer House and Studio is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1897 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29 1986.
 To Mars and Providence is a short story by Don Webb published in War of the Worlds: Global Dispatches. It is a conflation of The War of the Worlds the Cthulhu Mythos and the biography of H. P. Lovecraft.
 Powodowo [pɔvɔˈdɔvɔ] (German Powuden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Rychliki 11 km (7 mi) south of Elbląg and 73 km (45 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 200.
 Here It Comes EP is a release by Luke Vibert under the alias Plug. The EP marks his first release under the alias since 1997. The tracks are unearthed tracks written during the time of the initial Plug releases.
 Bennett Hill Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at New Scotland in Albany County New York. The original section of the main house was built in 1821 and is a three-by-two-bay 2 1⁄2-story dwelling. In the 1830s a large Greek Revival style 2 1⁄2-story three- by two-bay addition was completed. Contributing farm buildings include the main barn (1797) animal barn (c. 1900) wagon shed (c. 1900) fruit barn (c. 1900) smoke house (c. 1810) and tenant house (c.
 Clemencia (Clemency) is a 1935 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Rochdi Chraibi (Arabic: رشدي الشرايبي‎; born 1962–Ouarzazate)is a senior member of the royal cabinet of king Mohammed VI of Morocco. He serves as the director of the monarch's cabinet since February 2000 and was a classmate of the alaouite monarch at the Collège Royal.
 Dr. Gabriel Terra Leivas (August 1 1873 – September 15 1942) was the President of Uruguay from 1931 to 1938.
 The Șuța River is a tributary of the Sabar River in Romania.
 Xenorma is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family. It consists of the following species:Xenorma australis Prout 1918Xenorma biorbiculata (Warren 1909) Xenorma cytheris (Druce 1891) Xenorma exturbata Hering 1925Xenorma grandimacula Hering 1925Xenorma leucocrypta (Dognin 1909) Xenorma ovata (Dognin 1900) Xenorma pictifrons (Warren 1907) Xenorma ravida Miller 2008
 The Really Big Family is a 1966 American documentary film directed by Alexander Grasshoff. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 The Novo River (Paranapanema River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Tianning Temple (simplified Chinese: 北京天宁寺; traditional Chinese: 北京天寧寺; pinyin: Běijing Tiānníng Sì) is located in the Guang'anmen district of Beijing China. The temple contains the 12th-century Pagoda of Tianning Temple. The pagoda is a Liao Dynasty pagoda built from around 1100 to 1119 or 1120 CE shortly before the Liao Dynasty was conquered by Song and Jin.
 Inpress is a free weekly tabloid-sized music magazine (street press) that is released in Melbourne Geelong and Mornington Peninsula areas of Victoria Australia.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Mehdī and Mehdi Abad Hoomeh) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 526 in 120 families.
 Civciler is a village in the District of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 The Teiuș River is a tributary of the Plapcea Mică River in Romania.
 Cleopatra: Being an Account of the Fall and Vengeance of Harmachis is a novel written by the author H. Rider Haggard the author of King Solomon's Mines and She.The book was first printed in 1889.The story is set in the Ptolemaic era of Ancient Egyptian history and revolves around the survival of a dynasty bloodline protected by the Priesthood of Isis.
 La Aventura explosiva is a 1977 Argentine action comedy film directed by Ricardo Bauleo and Orestes Trucco and written by Salvador Valverde Calvo. The film starred Victor Bo. The cinematography was performed by Juan Carlos Desanzo.
 Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.
 Eutropis andamanensis is a species of skink found in the Andaman Islands of India.
 A Ship Bound for India (Swedish: Skepp till Indialand) is a 1947 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman. It was originally released as A Ship to India in the United Kingdom and Frustration in the United States.
 Toys in the Attic is a 1963 American drama film starring Dean Martin Geraldine Page Yvette Mimieux Gene Tierney and Wendy Hiller. The film was directed by George Roy Hill and is based on a Tony Award-winning play with the same name by Lillian Hellman. The original music score was composed by George Duning.
 Against Therapy: Emotional Tyranny and the Myth of Psychological Healing is a 1988 book by Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson which claims that psychotherapy is a form of socially sanctioned abuse. Psychiatric Times called it a battle cry for the abolition of psychotherapy.According to Masson therapists ask patients to do more than is reasonably possible they distort another person's reality to try to change people in ways that conform to the therapist's concepts and prejudices.
 David Zuckerman is a farmer and a former Progressive member of the Vermont House of Representatives representing Chittenden-3-4 district. He grew up in Brookline Massachusetts where he attended Brookline High School and then attended the University of Vermont.
 Old City Hall is a historic building and a National Historic Site of Canada in Guelph Ontario Canada which until April 2009 served as the headquarters of the city government. The building is now used as the Provincial Offences Courthouse which handles matters such as traffic tickets trespassing and liquor license violations.
 Old Sun Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated immediately to the east and northeast of Mount Merritt at an elevation between 9400 and 8600 ft (2900 and 2600 m) above sea level. The glacier was named after a sun priest of the Blackfoot called Ntas translated to Old Sun. Old Sun Glacier has numerous crevasses and appears to have a healthy accumulation zone. Old Sun Glacier lost 12 percent of its surface area between 1966 and 2005.
 Anomphax is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Bird of Time is a science fiction novel by author Wallace West. It was published in 1959 by Gnome Press in an edition of 5000 copies of which 2102 were never bound. The novel is a fix-up of four of West's short stories that had originally appeared in the magazines Astounding and Thrilling Wonder Stories.
 About Last Night (styled as About Last Night...) is a 1986 American romantic dramedy film. The film was directed by Edward Zwick and stars Rob Lowe and Demi Moore as Chicago yuppies who enter a committed relationship for the first time. It is based on the 1974 David Mamet play Sexual Perversity in Chicago. The film was remade as the 2014 About Last Night (without the ellipsis).
 Jack Plank Tells Tales is a children's book by Newbery Honor recipient Natalie Babbitt. Her first novel in 25 years it was released by Scholastic Inc. in 2007. The book contains connected stories dealing with an inept and humane pirate Jack Plank who has trouble finding work that suits him and his inhibitions.The book received a starred review from BookList in April 2007 and the School Library Journal gave it a most favorable review.
 Así te deseo is a 1948 Argentine drama film directed and written by Belisario García Villar.
 Satish Hiremath (born 1963 Kalamazoo Michigan) is an American politician who is the Mayor of Oro Valley Arizona. He is a practising dentist and one of the oldest practitioners of dentistry in Oro valley. Hiremath is an american citizen of ethnic Indian origin.
 The yellow-spotted Amazon river turtle or yellow-spotted river turtle (Podocnemis unifilis) is one of the largest South American river turtles. It can grow up to 45 cm long and weigh up to 8 kg. This species can be recognized by its black or brown oval carapace (upper shell) with distinctive low keels on the second and third scutes. Yellow spots on the side of its head give this species its common name. These spots are most prominent in juveniles and fade with age.
 Andria Urushadze (Georgian: ანდრია ურუშაძე; born April 25 1968) is a Georgian politician who served as the Minister of Health Labour and Social Affairs of Georgia from September 10 2010 to March 15 2012.
 Weberstown Mall is one of two shopping malls in Stockton California. It is next to Sherwood Mall. Opened in 1966 it features J. C. Penney Sears Dillard's Barnes & Noble and Old Navy. It is managed by Glimcher Realty Trust.
 Andraca bipunctata is a moth of the Endromidae family. It is found in China (Yunnan) and India. The larvae are referred to as Bunch Caterpillars.The wingspan is 42-45 mm. Adults are rather variable in coloration and size. Adults have been recorded from March to April May to June July to August and October to November.The larvae feed on Camellia sinensis Camellia assamica and Camellia oleifera and are a well-known serious pests of tea trees.
 Doo-Bop was jazz musician Miles Davis' final studio album which would have marked the beginning of his turn to hip-hop-oriented (doo-bop being a portmanteau of producer Easy Mo Bee's short-lived New Jack Swing-derived doo-hop and bebop) tracks. However Davis died on September 28 1991 at which time only six pieces for the album had been completed.
 The Heritage Discovery Center officially known as the Frank & Sylvia Pasquerilla Heritage Discovery Center is a community history and culture center operated by the Johnstown Area Heritage Association (JAHA) in Johnstown Pennsylvania. The center features permanent and changing exhibits and galleries focusing on local history and culture.
 Music For Films Volume 2 is an album by Brian Eno Daniel Lanois and Roger Eno. On the back cover Eno states I released the first volume of Music for Films in 1978 and it contained samples of my work spanning the period of 1975-78. This second volume picks up where the first left off but is somewhat different in that it contains fewer pieces with greater average length.Several of the tracks on this album also appear on Apollo: Atmospheres and Soundtracks.
 Palm Grandeur is a 5-star Resort Spa and The Grandeur Residences is a AED 1.2 billion (USD$ 327 million) development project being built on the crescent of the Palm Jumeirah in Dubai United Arab Emirates.The taj exotica resort and spa. It will be the largest spa in the middle east when completed it will endows 200 apartments and villas.
 Duga Luka is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 154 people.
 Albert Jarvis Hopkins (August 15 1846 – August 23 1922) was a Congressman and U.S. Senator from Illinois.Hopkins was born near Cortland Illinois. He was admitted to the bar in 1871 and practiced in Aurora. He was elected to fill out the congressional term of Reuben Ellwood in 1885 and was re-elected in his own right for eight full terms serving from 1885 through 1903. In 1903 he successfully ran for the U.S. Senate.
 Campagne (French pronunciation: ​[kɑ̃.paɲ] meaning countryside) is a restaurant in Kilkenny Ireland. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded a Michelin star for 2014.Head chef Gareth Byrne formerly of Chapter One opened the restaurant in 2008.
 The McGregor Memorial Conference Center is an office building located at 495 Ferry Mall on the campus of Wayne State University in Midtown Detroit Michigan. The building was Minoru Yamasaki's first commission following his trip to Japan and re-envisionment of architectural design.
 Phthonoloba is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Born Blue is a young adult novel by award winning author Han Nolan in 2001.
 Going Home is a children's novel by K. M. Peyton. It was first published in 1982.The book is set in the present day starting in London but mostly set in Normandy France. It tells the story of Milly and Micky who come from a problem family. Their father has abandoned the family and their mother has gone into hospital. The book does not say but it is implied the mother suffers from depression.The children's uncle and aunt take them on a narrow boat holiday to France.
 Hugh Macdonald PC (May 4 1827 – February 28 1899) was a lawyer judge and member of the First Canadian Parliament. He represented the Antigonish riding of Nova Scotia from 1867 to 1869 along with William Hallett Ray as an Anti-Confederate and from 1869 to 1873 as a Liberal-Conservative.The son of Allan McDonald and Christina Cameron he was educated at Saint Francis Xavier University and called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1855. McDonald married Sarah Smith in 1856.
 Bansuri Guru is a 2013 Indian documentary film about the life of classical instrumentalist Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia. Directed by Rajeev Chaurasia as his directorial debut the film is introduced by Amitabh Bachchan.
 Weekend in L.A. is a 1978 live album by jazz/soul guitarist George Benson. The album was recorded live at the West Hollywood Roxy Theater. It was certified Platinum by the RIAA.
 Dobra Nadzieja [ˈdɔbra naˈd͡ʑeja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Pleszew and 86 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Buttermilk Creek is a creek in the town of Petrolia Lambton County Ontario Canada.
 Gyani Zail Singh (About this sound pronunciation ; May 5 1916 – December 25 1994) was the seventh President of India serving from 1982 to 1987. Prior to his presidency he was a politician with the Indian National Congress party and had held several ministerial posts in the Union Cabinet including that of Home Minister.His presidency was marked by Operation Blue Star the assassination of Indira Gandhi and the 1984 anti-Sikh riots. He died of injuries in 1994 after a car accident.
 Live at Austin City Limits Music Festival 2007: Kevin Devine is a digital only release of Kevin Devine's performance at the Austin City Limits Music Festival on September 15 2007. It was released through iTunes and other digital music stores. It was also released in both MP3 and Flac format on Live Downloads.The band Manchester Orchestra served as Kevin's band for this performance.The performance also featured a cover of the Neutral Milk Hotel song Holland 1945.
 Twenty First Century Skin is the fourth studio album by Praga Khan. It was released in 1999.
 Mowtowr-e Darvish Huti (Persian: موتور درويش هوتي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Darvīsh Hūtī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Latnetjávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 3.95-square-kilometre (1.53 sq mi) lake lies on the Kautokeinoelva river about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the village of Masi.
 Honeymoon Travels Pvt. Ltd. is a 2007 Bollywood comedy drama film. It is produced by Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani through Excel Entertainment and has marked the debut of Reema Kagti as a director. The movie has six different parts in it.
 La Flaca is the debut album by the Spanish Latin rock group Jarabe de Palo released in 1996. The album was produced by Joe Dworniak for Virgin Records España. Immediately after its release the album obtained a poor commercial reception selling only 12000 copies within seven months.
 Unsane Insane and Mentally Deranged is the debut album by Murder Squad. It was released in 2001.
 Maungkan is a village on the Chindwin River in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. It is located next to Chaungson and south of Tason. Gardens were planted in Maungkan and other nearby villages around 1700 and the village has been documented as producing pickled tea known as letpet.
 The Church of St Lawrence at Lucina (Italian: San Lorenzo in Lucina Latin: S. Laurentii in Lucina) is a Roman Catholic parish titular church and minor basilica in central Rome Italy.The church is located in Piazza San Lorenzo in the Rione Colonna about two blocks behind the Palazzo Montecitorio just off the Via del Corso.
 Idea. Form. Essence... is the seventh studio album released by black metal band Astrofaes. It was recorded under Supernal Music and was released in 2007.
 The National Hall of Fame for Famous American Indians (also known as American Indian Hall of Fame) established in 1952 in Anadarko Oklahoma is part of a complex representing American Indian life. Nearby is Indian City USA (an outdoor ethnographic museum with authentic reconstructions of Native American dwellings and extensive displays of artifacts). The National Hall of Fame has bronze busts mounted outdoors.
 Ophioglossolambis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 The Grey-bellied Flowerpiercer (Diglossa carbonaria) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Elkhabar (in Arabic الخبر meaning The News) is a daily newspaper in Algeria published seven days a week in the tabloid format. It is one of the most widely read Algerian newspapers.El Khabar′s web service publishes selected news in Arabic and French with a minor section in English though often poorly translated.
 The Clayton Public Schools Historic District is a 7-acre (2.8 ha) historic district consisting of four blocks in southeast Clayton New Mexico centered on 6th and Cedar Sts. Also known as Clayton Public Schools-Campus No. 1 its oldest buildings were built in 1935. It includes work designed by Willard C. Kruger and other New Mexico architects in Mission/Spanish Revival style and built by the Works Progress Administration.
 Seyyed Khalaf (Persian: سيدخلف‎) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 924 in 156 families.
 Notentulus is a genus of proturans in the family Acerentomidae.
 Stark is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southeast of the prominent crater Tsiolkovskiy and north of Subbotin.This is a heavily eroded crater with a jumbled outer rim and uneven interior. The pair of slightly smaller satellite craters Stark Y and Stark V are attached to the northwest and western exterior respectively creating a triple-crater formation.
 The Red Mountains of Washington County Utah is a mostly circular 7-mile (11 km) long mountain range. The small massif of the mountains is surrounded by two large ranges northwest and northeast the Bull Valley and Pine Valley Mountains. Bordering southwest is the smaller Beaver Dam Mountains. Between the Beaver Dam and Bull Valley Mountains are rivercouses streams or washes and encircling the west and northwest foothills is the Santa Clara River.
 Prunum is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.The separation between the genera Prunum and Volvarina is not very precise. They form together a monophyletic clade. The differences between these two genera are based on differences in the morphology of the shell the radula the radular cartilage the mantle and the internal anatomy. A rather arbitrary criterion is currently used to distinguish between the two genera.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album released by rock band The Pretenders in 2000. It was only their second greatest hits in 22 years but less successful than its predecessor The Singles released in 1987.
 The No Asshole Rule: Building a Civilized Workplace and Surviving One That Isn't is a book by Stanford professor Robert I. Sutton based on a popular essay he wrote for the Harvard Business Review. It sold over 115000 copies and won the Quill Award for best business book in 2007.The theme of this book is that bullying behaviour in the workplace worsens morale and productivity. A rule is suggested to screen out the toxic staff—the no asshole rule.
 The Ex-monastery of Santiago Apóstol is located in the town of Cuilapan de Guerrero in the Mexican state of Oaxaca. The fortress-like complex is easily seen from the highway as one travels south from the capital city of Oaxaca on the road leading to Villa de Zaachila and it is visited by both Mexican and international tourists. The complex is located on a small hill which gives it a view of much of the valley area.
 The Chingstuel is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the cantons of Obwalden and Bern. It lies between the Klein Melchtal and the region of Hasliberg.
 The Turnip-tailed gecko (Thecadactylus rapicauda) is a species of gecko widely distributed from Mexico southward through Central America and into South America as far south as Brazil and on many islands in the Lesser Antilles.It is a large gecko reaching a length of 120 mm snout-to-vent. Its color varies from pale to dark gray to deep orange. Individuals can also change color. It can vocalize a series of chirps which it mainly does while active at night.
 Gouchi is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 The Sarah Davidson Apartment Block is a historic commercial and multifamily residential building at 3 Gaylord Street in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. The three story brick sandstone and copper Classical Revival building was constructed in 1901 to a design by A. B. Pinkham. The building located at the corner of Gaylord and Washington Streets has three commercial storefronts facing Washington Street which are separated by sandstone piers.
 Rogers Commercial Historic District is a historic district in Rogers Arkansas. It was created as Walnut Street Historic District in 1988 as a National Register of Historic Places listing. Its name was modified in 1993 to Rogers Commercial Historic District when the boundaries were increased to include parts of other streets as well. It was further increased in 1998 to include BEI733 Edwards Grocery and/or Watson's Goodyear Store at 120 S. Second St.
 Cook is a lunar crater that lies in the western part of the Mare Fecunditatis just to the southeast of the prominent crater Colombo. To the southwest is Monge.The interior of this crater has been flooded with lava leaving only a low rim projecting above the surface. This rim is not quite circular and has a somewhat hexagonal appearance. The low wall is worn in a few places particularly along the northeastern rim.
 The Po (Latin: Padus and Eridanus; Italian: Po Italian pronunciation: [ˈpɔ]; ancient Ligurian: Bodincus or Bodencus; Greek: Πάδος and Ἠριδανός) is a river that flows either 652 km (405 mi) or 682 km (424 mi) – considering the length of the Maira a right bank tributary – eastward across northern Italy from a spring seeping from a stony hillside at Pian del Re a flat place at the head of the Val Po under the northwest face of Monviso (in the Cottian Alps) through a delta projecting into the Adriatic Sea near Venice. 
 Rock Hall is a circa 1912 Mediterranean Revival house in Colebrook Connecticut now used as a hotel. The 10000-square-foot (930 m2) building was designed by the architect Addison Mizner of Palm Beach Florida originally as a home for Jerome Alexandre and his wife Violet Adelaide Oakley. It is reportedly Mizner's only surviving work in the northern United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Simone Boccanegra (died 1363) was the first doge of Genoa. His story was popularized by Antonio García Gutiérrez's 1843 play Simón Bocanegra and Giuseppe Verdi's 1857 opera Simon Boccanegra. Note the spellings. Boccanegra was elected doge for life on September 24 1339 as the candidate of the popular Ghibelline faction. Boccanegra was opposed by the aristocratic Guelf faction representing the old mercantile patriciate which his first actions excluded from public life.
 The Tim Thering Octagon Barn built in 1893 is an historic octagonal barn located north of Plain Wisconsin. It is in excellent shape and is listed in Dale Travis Wisconsin Round Barns List.
 The Catskill Mountains or the Catskills are a large area in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of New York. They are located approximately 100 miles north-northwest of New York City and forty miles southwest of Albany starting just west of the Hudson River. The Catskills occupy much or all of five counties (Delaware Greene Schoharie Sullivan and Ulster).
 Makalu (in Nepal officially मकालु in China officially Makaru; Chinese: 马卡鲁山 Pinyin: Mǎkǎlǔ Shān; Makalungma in Limbu) is the fifth highest mountain in the world at 8463 metres (27766 ft). It is located in the Mahalangur Himalayas 19 km (12 mi) southeast of Mount Everest on the border between Nepal and China. One of the eight-thousanders Makalu is an isolated peak whose shape is a four-sided pyramid.Makalu has two notable subsidiary peaks.
 Begur Dharwad is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Vestbygd Church (Norwegian: Vestbygd kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lødingen in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Vågehamn. The church is part of the Lødingen parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1885. It was designed by the architect Johannes Henrik Nissen.
 Were It Not For You was released on the March 4 2008. It is the 2nd CD released by Baumer through Eyeball Records.
 Cannon Lake is a lake located in Rice County Minnesota USA. The lake has a surface area of 1593.22 acres and a maximum depth of 15 feet.The lake is part of the Cannon River system that starts in Shields Lake goes through Le Sueur and Rice counties and drains into the Mississippi River.As of the last survey of the lake in August 2009 the most predominant species of fish was the walleye.
 The Deer's Bell (Chinese: 鹿铃) is a Chinese animated film produced by Shanghai Animation Film Studio. It is also referred to as Bell on a Deer and Lu Ling.
 The Best of Billy Ray Cyrus: Cover to Cover is a greatest hits album released in 1997 by country music artist Billy Ray Cyrus. It features three newly released tracks — It's All the Same to Me Cover to Cover and Bluegrass State of Mind — as well as a reprise of Trail of Tears from his 1996 album of the same name. It's All the Same to Me was a Top 20 hit for Cyrus in 1997 on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 Los Dos rivales is a 1944 Argentine film.
 Luis Eduardo Garzón (nicknamed Lucho) (born February 11 1951 in Bogotá) was the former Mayor of Bogotá (2004–2007) a left-wing Colombian political activist and a former union leader. He was a former member of the Alternative Democratic Pole (PDA). In 2009 Garzón joined forces with former Mayors Enrique Peñalosa and Antanas Mockus to re-found the Green Party an eco-oriented political movement.
 Let's Do It Now is the third album of dance artist Haddaway which includes the three singles What About Me Who Do You Love and You're Taking My Heart. The record was released on December 28 1998 by BMG.
 Help! The Doctor Is Drowning (Dutch: Help de dokter verzuipt!) is a 1974 Dutch comedy film directed by Nikolai van der Heyde. The film was entered into the 1975 Melbourne International Film Festival. It was also selected as the Dutch entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 47th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Sajković is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mostek [ˈmɔstɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołcza within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Gołcza 14 km (9 mi) west of Miechów and 32 km (20 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 368.
 Scodiomima is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Revenge of the King is an EP by Kula Shaker released on 31 March 2006 the first Kula Shaker release since the band reformed. It was originally only available as a download from iTunes; later it was released as a limited edition 10 vinyl EP sold only at concerts and through the band's website.
 OutNow Newsmagazine also known as ON and ON Magazine is a monthly lifestyle magazine that targets lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) members of the gay community in the San Francisco Bay Area. OutNow has been published since 1992 from its headquarters in San Jose California in the Silicon Valley.Every month the magazine has a different content focus such as health relationships home improvements weekend getaways Pride sports arts and entertainment business and more.
 James Thomas Milton Anderson (23 July 1878 – 29 December 1946) was Saskatchewan's fifth Premier and the first Conservative to hold the office. Anderson was chosen leader of the Conservatives in 1924 and was one of three Tory Members of the Legislative Assembly elected in the 1925 election. In the 1929 election the Tories were able to exploit patronage scandals surrounding the Liberal government of Premier Jimmy Gardiner to achieve a major breakthrough – winning 24 seats.
 The Tapuaeroa River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southeast from its sources in the Raukumara Range joining its waters with those of the Mata River close to the town of Ruatoria the resulting flow becoming the Waiapu River.
 Ngô Đình Nhu (About this sound listen; 7 October 1910 – 2 November 1963) was the younger brother and chief political advisor of South Vietnam's first president Ngô Đình Diệm.
 T.N.T. Jackson is a 1974 American film directed by Cirio H. Santiago.The film is also known as Dynamite Jackson (French video title) Dynamite Wong and TNT Jackson (Philippine English title).The script was originally written by actor Dick Miller but Roger Corman had it rewritten.
 Down Where The Buffalo Go is a 1988 film made for television by BBC Scotland. It stars Harvey Keitel. It was written by Peter McDougall and directed by Ian Knox.
 Chateau Royale is a multi-storey residential building complex in downtown Hamilton Ontario Canada on James Street South and adjacent to the Hamilton GO Centre railway and bus station. The 14-floor building is 70 metres (230 ft) tall making it the 19th tallest building in the city. It opened in 2006 after being converted from an office tower complex.
 Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza (also known as Baldwin Hills Crenshaw or by its acronym BHCP) is a shopping mall (the first post-war retail complex in California) whose first two stores opened in October and November 1947. The original open-air complex known as the Broadway-Crenshaw Center was located in Los Angeles California. When it opened in 1947 the retail hub was anchored by a The Broadway department store a May Company department store Woolworth variety store and Von's supermarket.
 Cycloramphus fulginosus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 How to Live a Low-Carbon Life: The Individual's Guide to Stopping Climate Change is a 2007 book by Chris Goodall published by Earthscan/Routledge.According to New Scientist this book provides the definitive guide to reducing your carbon footprint.
 Comin' Back Home is the fourth studio album by rapper Choppa. It was released on July 18 2006 and was his second album released through Body Head Entertainment with production by Roy Jones Jr. Tommy Fingerz and Scott Ross.
 Gallery Hotel (Chinese: 佳乐丽酒店; pinyin: Jiālèlì jiǔdiàn) is a four-star boutique hotel located on Nanson Road at Robertson Quay on Singapore River in the Central Area of Singapore. Originally known as Gallery Evason Hotel it is the first HIP (Highly Individual Places) hotel in Singapore and the second in Asia the first being in Japan.
 She Will Have Her Way is a compilation album featuring female Australian and New Zealand musicians performing songs written by Neil Finn and Tim Finn (The Finn Brothers) members of Split Enz and Crowded House. A follow up album He Will Have His Way featuring male artists was released in 2010.
 Somosomo Creek is a river of Taveuni Fiji.
 Stigmella maya is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found on the Yucatán Peninsula.This species is among the smallest Lepidoptera in the world.The larvae feed on Karwinskia hum-boldtiana. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Joseph Bradley Varnum (January 29 1751 – September 21 1821) was a U.S. politician of the Democratic-Republican Party from Massachusetts.
 Nekogami Yaoyorozu (猫神やおよろず lit. Cat God Myriads) also known as Cat God is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by FLIPFLOPs about a cat goddess that lives in an antique shop. A television anime adaptation by AIC PLUS+ aired in Japan between July and September 2011 and has been licensed in North America by NIS America under the title The Everyday Tales of a Cat God.
 Lysippus is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 140 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Lysippus is named for the Greek sculptor Lysippos who lived in the 4th century BCE.
 The Woodlawn School in Mebane North Carolina was built in 1911. It was designed by architects Barrett & Thomson. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.The listing included one contributing building and two contributing structures on 4.4 acres (1.8 ha).
 The Englishman's Boy is a novel by Guy Vanderhaeghe published in 1996 by McClelland and Stewart which won the Governor General's Award for English language fiction in 1996 and was nominated for the Giller Prize. It deals with the events of the Cypress Hills Massacre (1873) as told 50 years later to a young screenwriter in Hollywood by the last living survivor.
 Christ Lutheran Church and Parsonage originally the German Evangelical Lutheran Church of Ellenville is a historic Lutheran church and parsonage located at Ellenville Ulster County New York. The church was built in 1862 in the Greek Revival style. It was moved enlarged reoriented and completely remodeled in 1903–1904 in the Gothic Revival style when moved to its present location.
 Wola Polska [ˈvɔla ˈpɔlska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Hell's Hinges is a 1916 American Western silent film starring William S. Hart and Clara Williams. Directed by Charles Swickard William S. Hart and Clifford Smith and produced by Thomas H. Ince the screenplay was written by C. Gardner Sullivan.
 Maidenform Peak (11137 feet (3395 m) is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Maidenform Peak is at the head of Leigh Canyon and .64 miles (1.03 km) SSW of Cleaver Peak. Cirque Lake is immediately east of the peak.
 Haemaphlebia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Wyczechy [vɨˈt͡ʂɛxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarne within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Czarne 23 km (14 mi) west of Człuchów and 129 km (80 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 842.
 Sword of the Samurai is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Mark Smith and Jamie Thomson illustrated by Alan Langford and originally published in 1986 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2006. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 20th in the series in the original Puffin series and 25th in the modern Wizard series.
 Truman A. Greenwood known as Tim Greenwood is a Republican politician who formerly served in the Ohio General Assembly. As an attorney and political novice Greenwood challenged incumbent Representative Arlene Singer in 1988. With the district being traditionally Republican Greenwood won against Singer in an upset victory. He was sworn in on January 3 1989.Greenwood easily won a second term in 1990 with 58% of the vote.
 The 109th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1 and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This date was January 5 1937 which was two weeks before the beginning of the first administrative year of Governor Richard C. McMullen and Edward W.
 Andorsjøen (Southern Sami: Aantesjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Snåsa in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. Blåfjella–Skjækerfjella National Park borders the 4.25-square-kilometre (1.64 sq mi) lake to the south and east. The lake Store Øyingen lies about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) to the southwest.
 Lake Timsah also known as Crocodile Lake is a lake in Egypt on the Nile delta. It lies in a basin developed along a fault extending from the Mediterranean Sea to the Gulf of Suez through the Bitter Lakes region. In 1800 a flood filled the Wadi Tumilat which caused Timsah's banks to overflow and moved water south into the Bitter Lakes about nine miles (14 km) away. In 1862 the lake was filled with waters from the Red Sea.
 Chatyr-Tau or Chatyrtau (/ʃʌtərˈtaʊ/; Russian: Чатыр-тау Чатыртау; Tatar Cyrillic: Чатыр-тау Latin: Çatır-Taw Çatırtaw [ɕʌˌtɯrˈtɑʊ] also Shatyor-Gora (Russian: Шатёр-гора literally the Tent Mountain) is an upland near Aznakayevo Tatarstan Russia sometimes referred as an only range of Tatarstan. The highest point is 321.7 m. The range is a natural monument of Tatarstan since 1972.
 The Date Creek Mountains are a short arid range in southwest Yavapai County Arizona. Congress is on its southeast foothills and Wickenburg lies 15 mi (24 km) southeast.
 The desert grass spider (Agelenopsis aperta) is a species of spider belonging to the family Agelenidae. It is found in dry regions across the southern United States and into Mexico.This long-legged spider is rather similar to its congeners but the overall colour is grey rather than the more usual brown. The body length (excluding legs) is up to 19 mm the female averaging slightly larger (otherwise the sexes are similar). The pale grey carapace is marked with two prominent dark stripes.
 Cervialto is a mountain of Campania Italy.
 The Summit One Tower is an office skyscraper located at Mandaluyong City Philippines. Originally built as a condominium project called Paladium Summit but when the concrete shell was completed the project fell through until a local tycoon bought and converted it into an office tower. Summit One Tower was previously owned and managed by Facilities Incorporated.It is now owned and managed by Summit One Tower Building and Allied Assets a part of the ATN Group of Companies.
 William Davenport Hare (September 1 1834 – February 6 1910) was an American politician in Oregon. He served as a Republican member of the Oregon Legislature and the 8th mayor of Hillsboro Oregon. His other duties included those of customs collector and presidential elector. A native of what was Virginia his grandfather was a member of the United States Congress while several of his descendants would also serve in the Oregon Legislature.
 Rhipaeosauridae was a family of Procolophonids from the Permian time period.
 Pleasant River is a 4.7-mile-long (7.6 km) river in Oxford County Maine in the United States. It is a tributary of the Androscoggin River which flows east and south to join the Kennebec River in Merrymeeting Bay near the Atlantic Ocean.There are three other rivers in Maine named Pleasant River but only one that is a tributary of the Androscoggin River. This Pleasant River has two main tributaries the West Branch Pleasant River and the East Branch Pleasant River.
 Araluen Creek a partly perennial stream of the Moruya River catchment is located in the Southern Tablelands and South Coast regions of New South Wales Australia.
 Griftopia: Bubble Machines Vampire Squids and the Long Con That Is Breaking America is a 2010 book by the political journalist Matt Taibbi about the events that led to the financial crisis of 2008.It argues that the crisis was not an accident of the free market but the result of a complex and on-going politico-financial process taking place in the United States whereby wealth and power is transferred to a super-rich grifter class that holds a grip on the political process.
 The Very Best of 1989–1998 is an international compilation album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki that was released in 1999 by Verve Records under the EmArcy label in many markets around the world. It is a compilation of 14 of Eleftheria's best songs.
 Man in Black is the 38th overall album by country singer Johnny Cash released on Columbia Records in 1971. Many of the songs on the album contain political references either broad or specific while the title song refers both to Cash's tendency to wear black at live shows and to the tumultuous times in which the song was created implying the Vietnam War. The album's name also eventually became Cash's informal nickname given to him by the public.
 Brandtson/Camber/Seven Storey is a split album between Brandtson Camber and Seven Storey. It was released on August 12 2003 on Deep Elm Records. All of the songs were unreleased and are exclusive to this split. Although listed as Seven Storey on the album itself they are now known as Seven Storey Mountain.
 The Mersey River formerly known as Rivière Rossignol by the Acadians is a river in Nova Scotia Canada. It is named after the River Mersey in Liverpool England. The river proper flows from the eastern end of Eleven Mile Lake in Annapolis County southward to Kejimkujik Lake in Kejimkujik National Park then through Lake Rossignol to empty into the Atlantic Ocean at the town of Liverpool Nova Scotia.
 Stars/Time/Bubbles/Love is the fourth album from The Free Design. It was released in 1970. In 2004 it was named The Free Design's best album to date by Dominique Leone on Pitchfork.
 Kizuna: Bonds of Love (Japanese: 絆 KIZUNA～恋のから騒ぎ～ Hepburn: Kizuna: Koi no Kara Sawagi) is a yaoi manga authored by Kazuma Kodaka. In Japan a total of eleven volumes were published first by Biblos and then by Libre Publishing between December 1992 and September 2008. In North America the series was partially released in English by Be Beautiful between September 2004 and August 2007.
 Aishihik Lake is a lake of Yukon Canada.
 Utetheisa transiens is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Jurriaanse and Lindemans in 1919. It is found in Indonesia (Tukang Besi Archipelago).
 Bembecia syzcjovi is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found in Turkey Georgia and Iran.Adults are on wing in late August and September.The larvae feed on the roots of Astragalus species including Astragalus ponticus.
 The Gros Ventre Range (/ˌɡroʊ ˈvɑːnt/ groh-VAHNT) is part of the Central Rocky Mountains and is located west of the Continental Divide in U.S. state of Wyoming. The highest summit in the range is Doubletop Peak at 11720 feet (3570 m). The Gros Ventre Range is mostly within the Gros Ventre Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest. To the northwest of the range lies the valley known as Jackson Hole. Snow King ski resort is in the range adjacent to the town of Jackson Wyoming.
 [citation needed]Barefoot Gen: PART3 Battle of Hiroshima (はだしのゲン PART3 ヒロシマのたたかい Hadashi no Gen: PART3 Hiroshima no Tatakai) is the live-action film of Barefoot Gen Part3 in 1980.
 Ruben Gallego is a state representative from Arizona. He currently serves as assistant minority leader.
 Pol Sara (Persian: پل سرا‎ also Romanized as Pol Sarā) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District Nashta District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1090 in 296 families.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Kluczewsko 15 km (9 mi) north of Włoszczowa and 48 km (30 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 My Life in Ruins (UK title: Driving Aphrodite) is a 2009 romantic comedy film set amongst the ruins of ancient Greece starring Nia Vardalos Richard Dreyfuss Alexis Georgoulis Rachel Dratch Harland Williams and British comedy actor and impressionist Alistair McGowan. The film is about a tour guide whose life takes a personal detour while her group gets entangled in comic situations among the ruins with a series of unexpected stops along the way.
 The 130th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This date was January 2 1979 which was two weeks before the beginning of the third administrative year of Republican Governor Pierre S.
 For other temples called Beth-El see Temple Beth-El (disambiguation).Temple Beth-El is a synagogue located in San Antonio Texas USA. Originally founded in 1874 it is the oldest synagogue in South Texas. The current temple at the corner of Belknap and W. Ashby just north of San Antonio Community College.
 Romance of a Jewess is a 1908 American silent short drama film written and directed by D. W. Griffith.
 The Dominion Post is the only commercial daily newspaper in Morgantown West Virginia. It is the merger over time of the Morgantown New Dominion the Morgantown News which became the Morgantown Dominion-News and the Morgantown Post. The term New Dominion was a reference to Virginia's state nickname of Old Dominion referencing the separation of the state in 1863.
 The Dial-Goza House (also known as the William H. Dial House) is a historic U.S. house in Madison Florida. It is located at 105 Northeast Marion Street. On July 24 1973 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Endotricha olivacealis is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Russia China Korea Japan Taiwan India Malaysia and western Java.The wingspan is 24–26 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellow-brown with bushy violet scales in the basal and external area. The ground colour of the hindwings is pink violet and the costal area is brownish-yellow.
 Limerick is a neighborhood one mile south of downtown Louisville Kentucky USA. It was developed in the 1860s as a place of residence for employees of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad freight yard. It was named because nearly all of the residents were from the Irish county of Limerick. The St. Louis Bertrand Catholic Church was the centerpiece of the newly founded neighborhood.
 ChuChu is a Japanese shōjo manga magazine published by Shogakukan for early teen girls (about 11–14 years old). ChuChu became a monthly published shōjo manga magazine as a separation from Ciao in December 2005. On October 26 2009 Shogakukan announced that it would be cancelling ChuChu as well as two other manga magazines.
 Lieutenant-Colonel George Gawler KH (21 July 1795 – 7 May 1869) was the second governor of South Australia; from 17 October 1838 until 15 May 1841.
 Pain Language is a collaborative album by producer DJ Muggs and rapper Planet Asia released on September 16 2008 on Gold Chain Music. The album is the third in the DJ Muggs vs.  series following his 2005 collaboration with GZA Grandmasters and his 2007 collaboration with Sick Jacken Legend of the Mask and the Assassin.
 Neshlaj (Persian: نشلج‎ also Romanized as Nashlaj; also known as Nishlak) is a village in Neyasar Rural District Neyasar District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2168 in 663 families.
 Night Lady is an album by saxophonist Johnny Griffin recorded in West Germany in 1963 and originally released on the Philips label but later released on EmArcy Records.
 Louis Armstrong Meets Oscar Peterson is a 1957 studio album by Louis Armstrong accompanied by Oscar Peterson.The album was reissued in 1997 on CD with four bonus tracks recorded at the sessions that produced Ella and Louis Again.
 Amblydoras monitor is a species of thorny catfish that occurs in the upper Amazon Basin where it can be found in the countries of Brazil Colombia and Peru. This species grows to a length of 9.0 centimetres (3.5 in) SL.
 Danielson: A Family Movie is a 2006 documentary film about the Christian indie pop band Danielson. It was directed filmed produced and edited by JL Aronson.
 Ministry: International Journal for Pastors is an international monthly magazine for Christian ministers with a circulation of approximately 78000. It is published by the Ministerial Association (website) an official body of the worldwide Adventist church. It is aimed at pastors and ministers of the Seventh-day Adventist Church and also those of other denominations.
 The Head Hunter (Lie tou) is a 1982 Hong Kong film directed by Shing Hon Lau.The film is also known as Long Goodbye (American video title)
 Acraea kinduana is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kivu and Maniema).
 Eleutherodactylus rhabdolaemus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Jack Nixon Browne Baron Craigton (3 September 1904 – 28 July 1993) was a Scottish Conservative politician.
 The Skull is the second album by the American doom metal band Trouble released in 1985. It was the follow-up to their 1984 classic debut Psalm 9.Trouble gained critical recognition for The Skull and a successful tour followed. However the album reflected singer Eric Wagner's struggles with substance abuse as well as growing turmoil within the group. This led to the departure of bassist Sean McAllister; he was replaced by Ron Holzner who would remain with the band until their 2002 reunion.
 Margarita Arellanes Cervantes is a Mexican politician born in Monterrey who is now serving as mayor of Monterrey the city's first female mayor.
 Santa Giustina di Venezia is a church building in the sestiere of Castello Venice. It no longer functions as a church.It was initially rebuilt in the second half of the 15th century by Augustinian nuns. The Convent was suppressed in 1896. The building garlanded with Istrian marble was initially commissioned by the procurator of St. Mark Giovanni Soranzo who asked Baldassare Longhena to design and build the church in 1636-77.
 The Moluccan Cuckooshrike (Coracina atriceps) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Metropolitan Tabernacle is a large Independent Reformed Baptist church in the Elephant and Castle in London. It was the largest non-conformist church of its day in 1861. The Tabernacle Fellowship have been worshipping together since 1650 soon after the sailing of the Pilgrim Fathers. Its first pastor was William Rider and many notable others have filled the position since including Benjamin Keach Dr. John Gill Dr. John Rippon and CH Spurgeon.
 Patrick Walsh (January 1 1840 – March 19 1899) was an American politician and journalist.Walsh was born in Ballingarry County Limerick Ireland. With his parents he emigrated in 1852 to Charleston South Carolina where he was apprenticed to a printer.
 Yengejeh (Persian: ينگجه‎; also known as Nīgejeh') is a village in Vilkij-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Namin County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 6 families.
 Qezel Bolagh (Persian: قزل بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qezel Bolāgh; also known as Ghezel Bolagh and Qizil Bulāq) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District Bizineh Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 682 in 143 families.
 John Barton Payne (January 26 1855 – January 24 1935) was an American politician lawyer and judge. He served as the United States Secretary of the Interior from 1920 until 1921 under Woodrow Wilson's administration.
 Anatoliy Vladimirovich Kaminski (Russian: Анатолий Владимирович Каминский) (born 15 March 1950 in Baley Russian SFSR) is an ethnic Ukrainian and a politician from Transnistria current speaker of Pridnestrovian Supreme Soviet and deputy chairman of the opposition party Renewal.
 Grace is a short story by James Joyce written toward the end of 1905 and published in his 1914 collection Dubliners.
 Nicolas Sarkozy (French: [ni.kɔ.la saʁ.kɔ.zi] ; born Nicolas Paul Stéphane Sarközy de Nagy-Bocsa; 28 January 1955) is a French politician who served as the 23rd President of France from 16 May 2007 until 15 May 2012.Before his presidency he was the leader of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP).
 Bharat Vir Wanchoo is an Indian political figure who has been the Governor of Goa since May 2012. Previously he was Director of the Special Protection Group until 2011.
 Bicyclus madetes the Brown-spot Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Gabon and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests including severely degraded forests.The larvae feed on Poaceae species.
 Wisconsin Death Trip is a 1999 American black-and-white and color docudrama film written and directed by James Marsh based on the 1973 book of the same name by Michael Lesy.
 Mac Harb (born November 10 1953) is a retired Canadian parliamentarian. Mac Harb spent 25 years in Parliament first as a Member of the House of Commons and then as a Senator.
 Chukhloma Lake (Russian: Чухломское озеро) is a freshwater lake in Kostroma Oblast in Russia. It is located at around 58°47′N 42°37′E at an altitude of 148 meters above sealevel. It has an area of 48.7 km² and an average depth of 4.5 meters. The lake is almost circular in shape with a diameter of 6–7 km. The shores are flat and boggy. The bottom consists of mud and silt. It is frozen from late October to late April. A number of small rivers and streams enters the Chukhloma Lake.
 Let Me Follow is the album of arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Bob Fabing S.J. released in 2007 by OCP Productions Portland Oregon USA.
 Chandos Lake is a lake in North Kawartha Ontario Canada.The lake is in the shape of a reversed L with three main bays: West Bay connected to the main body of the lake by a long Narrows; South Bay extending southwest and separated by a curved peninsula; and Gilmour's Bay a smaller two-lobed bay on the southern tip of the lake connected by Gilmour's Bay Narrows.Chandos Lake is in the Atlantic watershed; fed by springs it drains from its north end into Flat Creek which flows into Paudash Lake thence to the Crowe River the Trent River and Lake Ontario. 
 The Last Defender of Camelot is a fantasy short story by Roger Zelazny. It was first published in the Summer 1979 issue of Asimov's SF Adventure Magazine. It was subsequently published as a chapbook by Underwood/Miller for the May 23 1980 V-Con 8 where Zelazny was guest of honor. The story was also the basis of an 1986 episode of the television series The Twilight Zone.
 Escape from Fort Bravo is a 1953 Anscocolor western film set during the American Civil War. It stars William Holden Eleanor Parker and John Forsythe.
 The International Journal of Sociology and Social Policy is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in sociology and on social policy. The journal was established in 1981 and is published by Emerald Group Publishing. The editor-in-chief is Colin C. Williams (University of Sheffield).
 Fireman's Drinking Fountain is a historic drinking fountain located at Slatington Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1909 and is a 12-foot high monument with a 7-foot 3-inch statue of a volunteer fireman holding a child in his left hand and a lantern in his right. The zinc statue was manufactured by the J. W. Fiske & Company. It was restored in 1979 after being hit by an automobile.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Saadhanai (English: Achievement) is a 1986 Indian Tamil film directed by A. S. Pragasam starring Sivaji Ganesan his son Prabhu Ganesan K. R. Vijaya and Nalini in primary roles.
 The Huma River is a tributary of the Nemțișor River in Romania.
 Kuta is a village on the island of Lombok in the Indonesian province West Nusa Tenggara.Kuta is known for its beautiful beaches and is therefore one of the tourist attractions of Lombok.
 William Mansfield 1st Viscount Sandhurst GCSI GCIE GCVO PC (21 August 1855 – 2 November 1921) was a British Liberal politician and colonial governor. He was Governor of Bombay between 1895 and 1900 and Lord Chamberlain of the Household between 1912 and 1921.
 Dorothy Vernon of Haddon Hall is a 1924 silent historical drama directed by Marshall Neilan. The film is based upon the 1902 novel Dorothy Vernon of Haddon Hall.
 Krasnołany [krasnɔˈwanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dalików within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Dalików 5 km (3 mi) east of Poddębice and 34 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 40.
 Aschorjo Prodeep ([aʃtʃrdʒ prod̪ip] Bengali: আশ্চর্য্য প্রদীপ English: Astonishing Lamp) is a 2013 Indian Bengali film directed by Anik Dutta. The film is based on a short story by Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay. It is Dutta's second feature film as a director. The film's theatrical trailer was released on YouTube on 26 October 2013 while the film is expected to release on 15 November 2013 in Kolkata.
 Orchard Street United Methodist Church formerly known as Metropolitan Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a church built in a mixture of revival styles. It was constructed in 1837 with additions made in 1853 1865 and 1882. The main church is Romanesque Revival but the rear building is Romanesque with a large Gothic window in its northeastern facade.
 Shoot Out is a 1971 western film directed by Henry Hathaway. It stars Gregory Peck and Patricia Quinn. The film is adapted from Will James's 1930 novel The Lone Cowboy. The film was produced directed and written by the team that delivered the Oscar-winning film True Grit.This was the second-to-last of the 65 films directed by Hathaway.
 Mowdaran (Persian: موداران‎ also Romanized as Mowdārān and Mūdārān; also known as Mey Khvārān and Meykhwrān) is a village in Avarzaman Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 49 families.
 Chuck Ruff redirects here. For the rock drummer see Chuck Ruff (musician).Charles Frederick Carson Chuck Ruff (August 1 1939 – November 19 2000) was a prominent American lawyer based in Washington D.C. and was best known as the White House Counsel who defended President Bill Clinton during his impeachment trial in 1999 over the Lewinsky scandal and Paula Jones case .Ruff was born in Cleveland Ohio to the prominent American publicist Margaret Carson and grew up in New York City.
 Cabares is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Gdje pingvini lete is a Croatian dramedy film directed by Josip Vujcic. It was released in 2008.
 Love Is Gonna Getcha is an album by American singer Patti Austin released in 1990 and recorded for the GRP label. The album reached #4 on Billboard's Jazz chart.
 Abul Maal Abdul Muhith is an economist diplomat and a Bengali Language Movement veteran from Bangladesh. He was born in Sylhet in 1934.
 The Dăbiș River is a headwater of the Comana River in Romania.
 Thuillies Castle is a castle in Belgium.
 Johnsonita is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Live at Blue Note is the first recording of the acoustic jazz sextet Origin featuring Chick Corea on piano. The album was recorded during a week-long gig in December 1997.
 Runnin' Wild is the debut album by the Australian hard rock band Airbourne. The album was released on 23 June 2007 by the record label EMI and debuted on the ARIA album chart at #21. It debuted at #62 on the UK Album Chart.The album was released in the United States on 29 January 2008 through Roadrunner Records and it debuted at #106 on Billboard 200.The album won Best Debut at the Metal Hammer Golden Gods Awards 2008. As of 27 October 2009 the album as sold an upwards of 250000 worldwide
 Bruning is a village in Thayer County Nebraska United States. The population was 279 at the 2010 census. During World War II the U.S. Army Air Forces operated Bruning Army Airfield nearby. In October 1960 inventor and aviator Ed Yost used Bruning as the starting point for the first free flight of a modern propane-fueled hot air balloon.
 Pallathuruthy is a village in the Kuttanad region in the district of Alappuzha in the state of Kerala India. Pallathuruthy is a water bound region surrounded by the Vembanad lake. Also the Pallathuruthy Canal passed through the region. Like much of the rest of Kuttanad most of the land in Pallathuruthy is used for paddy cultivation. It is also a hub for many houseboat operators.
 The Opiate of the Masses is a remix EP by Industrial rock band Grotus. The EP contains Transglobal Underground remixes of the songs Kali Yuga Shivayanama and Sleepwalking.
 Betrayal is a Star Trek: Deep Space Nine novel written by Lois Tilton.
 Hetalia: Axis Powers (Axis Powers ヘタリア Akushisu Pawāzu Hetaria) is a Japanese webcomic later adapted as a manga and an anime series by Hidekaz Himaruya (日丸屋秀和 Himaruya Hidekazu). The series' main presentation is as an often over-the-top allegory of political and historic events as well as more general cultural comparisons.
 Encounter with a Skull is a short story by Koda Rohan.
 Mi marido y mi novio is a 1955 Argentine film.
 Chain Lightning is a 1950 American aviation film based on the story These Many Years by black-listed writer Lester Cole (under the pseudonym J. Redmond Prior); the screenplay was written by Liam O'Brien and Vincent B. Evans. During World War II Evans had been the bombardier on the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress Memphis Belle.The film stars Humphrey Bogart as a test pilot Eleanor Parker and Raymond Massey.
 Bristol Live Magazine is a print magazine offering interviews reviews and live music listings for the cities of Bristol and Bath.Founded in February 2012 as Fear Of Fiction Magazine by now-editor Loki Lillistone it publishes one print issue per month as well as online content from Monday to Friday.
 The Valea Lungă River is a headwater of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 The Pavlič Pass (Slovene: Pavličevo sedlo German: Paulitschsattel) or just Pavlič (German: Paulitsch) (elevation 1338 m) is a mountain pass which connects the Slovenian municipality of Solčava in the historical region of Lower Styria with the Austrian state of Carinthia.The Seeberg Highway (B 82) heads from the Austrian side through the scenic village of Bad Eisenkappel (Slovene: Železna Kapla) up to the border crossing Seebergsattel.
 Laufferiella is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Yedioth Ahronoth (Hebrew: ידיעות אחרונות‎ About this sound Yedi'ot Aharonot  lit. Latest News) is a daily newspaper published in Tel Aviv Israel. Since the 1930s it has been the most widely circulated paper in Israel. In a TGI survey of the media comparing the last half of 2009 with the same period in 2008 Yedioth Ahronoth retained the title of most widely read newspaper in Israel but saw its market share fall slightly from 35.9 to 33.9 percent.
 Zimina volcano (Russian: Вулкан Зимина) or Zimin is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It comprises two peaks: Ovalnaya Zimina and Ostraya Zimina.
 Qeshlaq-e Ilkhchi-ye Olya (Persian: قشلاق ايلخچي عليا‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Īlkhchī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Qeshlāq-e Īlchī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Azadlu Rural District Muran District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 15 families.
 Hemaris fuciformis known as the Broad-bordered Bee Hawk-moth is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is found in North Africa Europe (except Northern Scandinavia) and Central and Eastern Asia.The wingspan is 38–48 millimetres (1.5–1.9 in). The moth flies from April to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on honeysuckle and Galium species.
 Jenny Kissed Me is a 1986 Australian film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith. The director calls it a tearjerker for men.
 Lulakdan (Persian: لولكدان‎ also Romanized as Lūlakdān) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 453 in 97 families.
 Zakrzewo [zaˈkʂɛvɔ] is a village in Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zakrzewo. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 30 km (19 mi) south of Toruń.
 The Hidden is the 39th book in the Animorphs series. It was ghostwritten by Laura Battyanyi-Wiess (as K. A. Applegate). It is narrated by Cassie.
 Clockwork Gray is the third studio album by Blaze Ya Dead Homie. Released in 2007 it peaked at #14 on the Billboard Top Independent Albums chart and #34 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 The Nafsika Stamoulis Hellenic Museum Limited is a museum in Melbourne Australia.
 Qarah Cheshmeh (Persian: قره چشمه‎ also Romanized as Qareh Cheshmeh) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2756 in 622 families.
 Dragons of the Dwarven Depths is a fantasy novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman based on the Dragonlance fictional campaign setting. It is the beginning of the Lost Chronicles trilogy designed to fill-in the gaps in the storyline between the books in the Chronicles trilogy (Dragons of Autumn Twilight Dragons of Winter Night and Dragons of Spring Dawning). The events in the book take place entirely between the events of Dragons of Autumn Twilight and Dragons of Winter Night.
 The Lăcăuți River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Covasna Romania.
 Carabus elysii elysii is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to China. They could be found in the cities like Anhui Hubei Hunan and Sichuan. The subspecies are black coloured with either brown or pink pronotum.
 The bushshrikes are smallish passerine bird species. They were formerly classed with the true shrikes in the family Laniidae but are now considered sufficiently distinctive to be separated from that group as the family Malaconotidae.This is an African group of species which are found in scrub or open woodland. They are similar in habits to shrikes hunting insects and other small prey from a perch on a bush.
 Steneotarsonemus spinki the panicle rice mite spinki mite or rice tarsonemid mite is a species of mite in the family Tarsonemidae the white mites. It is a serious pest of rice in tropical Asia Central America and the Caribbean.
 Il Demonio Nera (non-standard Italian for The Black Devil) is a DVD released by Glenn Danzig's band Danzig in 2005. The release is the follow up to Archive de la Morte from the previous year. The video for Until You Call on the Dark is notable as its filming marked original drummer Chuck Biscuits' final public appearance as a member of the band. The footage was shot at The Henry Fonda Theater in Hollywood CA after Danzig's role as special guest on Metallica's 1994 summer tour.
 The Northern Wheatear or Wheatear (Oenanthe oenanthe) is a small passerine bird that was formerly classed as a member of the thrush family Turdidae but is now more generally considered to be an Old World flycatcher Muscicapidae.
 The Three-coloured Harlequin Toad (Atelopus tricolor) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Lac des Rouges Truites is a lake at the village of Lac-des-Rouges-Truites in the Jura department of France.
 The Reformed Church (Romanian: Biserica Reformată; Hungarian: Református templom) is a church in Valea Pomilor Romania completed in the 18th century.
 The Revolution That Wasn't (Russian: Революция которой не было Finnish: Vallankumous jota ei tullut Estonian: Revolutsioon mida ei olnud) is a 2008 documentary film by Russian filmmaker Alyona Polunina on the National Bolshevik Party and the Dissenters' March.
 Michael Simanowitz is a Democratic New York State Assembly member from the borough of Queens. Simanowitz is a resident of the Electchester housing cooperative part the neighborhood of Flushing in the New York City borough of Queens. On September 13 2011 Simanowitz the former Chief of Staff to his predecessor Nettie Mayersohn was elected during a special election to the New York State Assembly.
 The World Trade Center Mexico City is a building complex located in south-central Mexico City Mexico. Its most famous and recognizable feature is the 52-story 207 m (670 ft) high Torre WTC the third tallest building in Mexico City (including antenna) or fourth when measured by its 191 m (587 ft) roof height. When talking about the World Trade Center México one usually is referring to the uniquely shaped tower.
 Atheresthes is a genus of righteye flounders native to the north Pacific Ocean where both species are important commercially.
 Voyage d'une mélodie is a 2011 multilingual album by the French singer of Jewish Algerian origin Enrico Macias after five years of absence due to the death of his wife. The critically acclaimed album comprises music explorations by Macias into many cultures where he interprets songs in French Spanish Tamazight (Berber language) Arabic Hebrew and Yiddish.
 Holvandi Kivijärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Chah-e Amiq Khaneh Nowruz (Persian: چاه عميق خانه نوروز‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAmīq Khāneh Nowrūz) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahvelat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 St. Petersburg Psychiatric Hospital of Specialized Type with Intense Observation (SPbPBSTIN) (Russian: Санкт-Петербургская психиатрическая больница специализированного типа с интенсивным наблюдением СПбПБСТИН) is one of eight Russian psychiatric hospitals under federal control for the treatment and rehabilitation of mentally ill persons who committed socially dangerous acts in a state of insanity and were released from criminal responsibility under court decision.
 Pasiphila kumakurai is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan.
 Curse of the Crimson Altar is a 1968 British horror film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Christopher Lee Boris Karloff Barbara Steele and Mark Eden. The film was produced by Louis M. Heyward for Tigon British Film Productions. The film was cut and released as The Crimson Cult in the United States. It is based (uncredited) on the short story The Dreams in the Witch House by H. P. Lovecraft. This film also featured the final appearance of horror heavyweight Karloff.
 Honoratka-Władysławów [xɔnɔˈratka vwadɨˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 134.
 Birds Do It is a 1966 comedy movie that was made by Columbia Pictures and filmed at the Ivan Tors Studios in Miami. It stars Soupy Sales in his film debut as a leading man Tab Hunter Arthur O'Connell Edward Andrews and Beverly Adams. Although shown very rarely on television the movie is now available for online order in bare-bones DVD format through Sony's Columbia Classics line.
 Qaleh Juq (Persian: قلعه جوق‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Juq and Qal‘eh-ye Jūq) is a village in Razliq Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2185 in 568 families.
 The Ridge Tail Salamander or Salamandra De Cola Estriada (Pseudoeurycea obesa) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Luna Peak is the highest mountain in the Picket Range an extremely rugged subrange of the North Cascades in the American state of Washington. It is located within North Cascades National Park. It is notable for its large local relief and isolated position on a far-flung eastern ridge of the Pickets. For example it rises over 6560 ft (2000 m) in 1.8 mi (2.9 km) above McMillan Creek to the south. Luna Peak was first climbed in early September 1938 by Bill Cox and Will F. Thompson.
 Clarkeulia fortuita is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerais).
 St Edmund’s Church (or the Church of St Edmund) is a redundant church building located on Clement Royds Street in the Falinge area of Rochdale in Greater Manchester England. Commissioned by Rochdale's local industrialist and Freemason Albert Royds the construction of the building was completed to a high and rich specification in 1873 with an enormous cost of around £25000 (£1.88 million as of 2014).
 Nikolay Vasilyevich Fyodorov (Russian: Никола́й Васи́льевич Фёдоров; b. May 9 1958 in Chedino Chuvash ASSR Russian SFSR Soviet Union) is a former President of the Chuvash Republic in Russia. He has been the minister of agriculture since May 21 2012. Previously he was the justice minister of Russia from July 14 1991 to March 24 1993 and was the President of Chuvash Republic from January 21 1994 to August 2010.
 Music from the Eather is an album by Texan industrial band Mentallo and the Fixer released on 26 October 2012 through Alfa Matrix. The album was released as a two CD standard version and a limited edition box set containing an additional third CD a sticker a postcard and a poster.
 Gladden Windmill is an historic windmill formerly located on Pigeon Valley Road in Napoli Cattaraugus County New York. The windmill was built in 1890 and is a well preserved example of a vertical wind turbine built during the 19th century. Although no longer operational the turbine (and associated mill structure) is a rare example of wind power technology in the United States.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Coonowrin is one of the Glass House Mountains located in Queensland Australia located 19 km north of Caboolture or about one hour's drive north of Brisbane. It is easily distinguished because of its rocky formation at the top. It is also known by its unofficial name Crookneck.
 Rivers of London (Midnight Riot in the US) is the first novel in the series of the same name by English author Ben Aaronovitch. The novel was released on 10 January 2011 through Gollancz and was well received by critics earning a Galaxy National Book Awards nomination for Aaronovitch in the New Writer of the Year award.
 David M. Dave Lewis is an American politician and a Republican member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to Senate District 42 representing the Helena Montana area in 2004. Previously he served two sessions in the Montana House of Representatives. Lewis held several positions for the State of Montana prior to being elected. The most recent was State Budget Director.
 Etangs de Bonfol are a series of ponds at Bonfol in the Canton of Jura Switzerland. The main ponds are named étang du Milieu and Neuf-Etang. They are separated by a dam. Since 1962 the étangs de Bonfol are a nature preserve.
 Mordellochroidea castanea is a beetle in the Mordellochroidea genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1969 by Ermisch.
 Rocky Road to Dublin is a 1967 documentary film by Irish-born journalist Peter Lennon and French cinematographer Raoul Coutard examining the contemporary state of the Republic of Ireland posing the question what do you do with your revolution once you've got it? It argues that Ireland was dominated by cultural isolationism Gaelic and clerical traditionalism at the time of its making.
 Do Lachhian (Punjabi: ਦੋ ਲੱਛੀਆਂ) is a 1960 (sometimes written 1959) Punjabi film directed by Jugal Kishore starring Gopal Sehgal Daljeet Indra Billi and Krishna Kumari in lead roles.
 Woman is a silent film by director Maurice Tourneur an allegorical film showcasing the story of women through points in time. Popular in its day the film was distributed in the State's Rights plan as opposed to a major distributor like Paramount or Universal. This film has been preserved in private collections and in major venues like the Museum of Modern Art and reportedly the Gosfilmofond Archive in Russia.Some scenes were shot at Bar Harbor Maine.
 Enneapterygius shaoi is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was described by Chiang and Chen in 2008.
 James Walter Wall (May 26 1820 – June 9 1872) was a United States Senator from New Jersey during the American Civil War. He was the son of U.S. Senator Garret Dorset Wall.
 Full Metal Village is a 2007 documentary film about the lives of the residents of a small village in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein Wacken in a series of interviews and visual tableaux as it prepares for the annual Wacken Open Air Festival.
 Every Little Crook and Nanny is a 1972 comedy film starring Victor Mature. Mature came out of retirement to play the role.
 DAAS Bootleg - Live in Edinburgh is an official live bootleg recording released by the Australian comedy trio the Doug Anthony All Stars in 1994. It was recorded in August 1993 at the Pleasance Theatre Assembly Rooms in Edinburgh and sold at the group's live gigs.
 Villarrica is one of Chile's most active volcanoes rising above the lake and town of the same name. The volcano is also known as Rucapillán a Mapuche word meaning House of the Pillán. It is the westernmost of three large stratovolcanoes that trend perpendicular to the Andean chain along the Gastre Fault. Villarrica along with Quetrupillán and the Chilean portion of Lanín are protected within Villarrica National Park.
 Anthony Wilder Tony Miller is the United States Deputy Secretary of Education confirmed on July 24 2009 to replace Raymond Simon who resigned from this Office on January 20 2009.
 Snailking is the second album by the Italian experimental metal band Ufomammut released in 2004.
 Nine Mile Lake is a lake of Chester Municipal District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Busy Little Engine is a 2005 children's DVD written and directed by Desmond Mullen. It was selected for the 2006 San Diego International Children's Film Festival and reviewed in the professional library journals Booklist School Library Journal and Video Librarian. The Busy Little Engine was picked Best DVD by Parenting Magazine in July 2006.
 Past Perfect (Italian: Passato prossimo) is a 2003 Italian comedy film directed by Maria Sole Tognazzi. It was entered into the 25th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Little England is a historic plantation home located near Gloucester Gloucester County Virginia. The plantation dates to a 1651 land grant to the Perrin family by Governor William Berkeley. Capt. John Perrin built the house on a point of land overlooking the York River directly across from Yorktown in 1716 with plans reputed to have been drawn by Christopher Wren. It is a 2 1/2-story five bay gable roofed brick dwelling in the Georgian style. A 1 1/2-story frame wing was added in 1954.
 Tellabally is a village and Gram panchayat of Nalgonda mandal Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh state.
 Diane E. Mitsch Bush (born in Saint Paul Minnesota) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Colorado House of Representatives representing District 26 since January 9 2013.
 A Small Misunderstanding Leads to Disaster is the debut EP of the Australian post-hardcore/metal band The Valley.
 Kolgrov is a village in Solund Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located on the western coast of the island of Ytre Sula and it is one of the largest population centres on the island. The village sits about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) directly southwest of the municipal centre of Hardbakke and about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northwest of the village of Byrknes in Gulen (across the Sognesjøen).Husøy Church is located on the north side of Kolgrov.
 Naghi Saleh oglu Sheykhzamanli (Azerbaijani: Nağı Saleh oğlu Şeyxzamanlı; 1883 Ganja - 1967 Istanbul Turkey) also known as Naki Keykurun was an Azerbaijani political figure and the head of the counterintelligence service of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic within the fourth and fifth cabinets led by Nasib Yusifbeyli.
 Dubiya is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4443.
 Coyote Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Situated .70 miles (1.13 km) north-northwest of Mount Hunt Coyote Lake lies in a cirque nearly surrounded by several unnamed peaks each nearly 11000 feet (3400 m) above sea level. Coyote Lake can be reached from the Open Canyon Trail but requires off trail navigation to access.
 Baghuyeh (Persian: باغويه‎ also Romanized as Bāghūyeh; also known as Bāghu and Bāqū) is a village in Moqam Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 18 families.
 The Falcon's Adventure is a 1946 film which was the 13th of sixteen films about The Falcon and the final film of RKO's Falcon series starring Tom Conway. It was directed by William Berke who had served as producer for the previous entry in the series 1946's The Falcon's Alibi.
 Shelby Lake is a 100-acre (0.40 km2) natural lake in Ballard County Kentucky and is one of only three major natural lakes in the state. It is part of the Ballard County Wildlife Management Area and owned by the Kentucky Department of Fish and Wildlife Resources.
 The El Masnou Municipal Nautical Museum (Catalan: Museu Municipal de Nàutica del Masnou) is a municipally owned museum the backbone of which is El Masnou’s relationship with the sea. It is part of the Barcelona Provincial Council Local Museum Network the Maritime Museums of the Catalan Coast Network and the Mediterranean Maritime Museum Association.
 Ampeauty is the fifth album of the Austrian death metal band Pungent Stench. It was originally released in 2004 on Nuclear Blast. The lyrical content is more fetish-oriented than on the previous albums with many songs focusing on acrotomophilia and apotemnophilia.
 The Guarapari River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 First Baptist Church-Lexington originally known as Lexington African Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church building located at Lexington Virginia. It was built between 1894 and 1896 and is a large brick church on a limestone basement in the Gothic Revival style. It has a front gable roof round and lancet-arch stained glass windows and towers at its two front corners. The right hand tower has a belfry and spire.
 Assassins is a 1995 American action thriller film directed and produced by Richard Donner written by Andy and Larry Wachowski and also rewritten by Brian Helgeland. The film stars Sylvester Stallone Antonio Banderas and Julianne Moore. The Wachowskis stated that their script was totally rewritten by Helgeland and that they tried to remove their names from the film but failed.
 ¡Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta! is the debut studio album by The Stiletto Formal released on October 21 2008.
 Paciá River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Gammel Dok is a former warehouse located on the waterfront in the Christianshavn neighbourhood of Copenhagen Denmark. It now houses the Danish Architecture Centre and the National Workshops for Art.
 Buckingham Hotel later the Ambassador Hotel was an upmarket hotel which existed in St. Louis Missouri United States in the early twentieth century. It was located on the northeast corner of Kingshighway and West Pine Boulevards. Built in 1904 to accommodate World's Fair visitors it was subsequently known as the Ambassador Hotel which was gutted by fire in 1971 and razed in 1973.
 All Jokes Aside is a documentary about black comedians in Hollywood.
 Coco Eco Magazine is an eco fashion and sustainable lifestyle magazine published internationally through the Coco Eco Magazine website. It was the world’s first online digital magazine that addresses the topics of sustainable fashion beauty life design and culture.Founded in Los Angeles in 2008 by Anna Griffin Coco Eco attracts a mainly US based audience however the publication is read in over 14 countries internationally.
 Bernoulli is a lunar impact crater that is located in the northeast part of the Moon. It lies to the south of the crater Messala and east of Geminus.This formation is nearly circular with several slight outward bulges around the perimeter. There is a sunken depression along part of the southern wall forming an outward triangular bulge in the rim. The rim is highest along the eastern side climbing to 4 km. At the midpoint of the crater floor is a central peak formation.
 The Walker-Ewing Log House in Collier Township Allegheny County Pennsylvania was built circa 1790. It is said that between 1760 and 1790 Gabriel Walker built a log cabin about two miles (3 km) northwest of present-day Rennerdale Pennsylvania.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 30 1976 and the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 1970.
 Her Greatest Hits: Songs of Long Ago is the first official compilation album by Carole King. It was released in 1978 and features twelve songs that had previously appeared on her six studio albums released between 1971 and 1976. The album was re-released on CD in 1999 with two additional tracks.
 The Big Beat is an album by Art Blakey and his group The Jazz Messengers recorded on March 6 1960 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Blakey with Lee Morgan Wayne Shorter Bobby Timmons and Jymie Merritt.
 David Baird Sr. (April 7 1839 – February 25 1927) was a U.S. Senator from New Jersey.
 Aan Piranna Veedu is a Malayalam comedy drama film written and directed by K. P. Sunil. It stars Kailash and Aswathy Ashok in the lead roles with Innocent Vinaya Prasad and Suraj Venjaramoodu doing other pivotal roles.
 Touching Spirit Bear is a 2001 young adult novel written by the American author Ben Mikaelsen. The book is about a troubled Minneapolis teen named Cole who completely changes after spending a year on an isolated southwestern Alaska island.It was followed by a sequel called Ghost of Spirit Bear which illustrates Cole's return to Minneapolis where his past has returned to haunt him.
 First Houses is a public housing project in Manhattan in New York City and the first such in the United States. First Houses were designated a New York City and National Historic Landmark in 1974. They are managed by the New York City Housing Authority.
 Jesse Louis Jackson Sr. (born Jesse Louis Burns; October 8 1941) is an American civil rights activist and Baptist minister. He was a candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1984 and 1988 and served as a shadow U.S. Senator for the District of Columbia from 1991 to 1997. He is the founder of the organizations that merged to form Rainbow/PUSH. Former U.S. Representative Jesse Jackson Jr. is his eldest son.
 Trilobite Point el. 10010 feet (3050 m) is a mountain peak in the southern section of the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park.
 The Third Policeman is a novel by Irish writer Brian O'Nolan writing under the pseudonym Flann O'Brien. It was written between 1939 and 1940 but after it initially failed to find a publisher the author withdrew the manuscript from circulation and claimed he had lost it. The book remained unpublished until his death in 1966. It was printed by MacGibbon & Kee in 1967.
 Sex and Lucia (Spanish: Lucía y el sexo) is a 2001 Spanish drama film written and directed by Julio Médem and starring Paz Vega and Tristán Ulloa. As suggested by the title there is a great deal of passionate sexual content surrounding the love story of Lucía and Lorenzo as the plot dissolves into a very lyrical eroticism. The movie features a highly non-linear story line with repeated surreal references to the ocean and beach.
 Bisheh (Persian: بيشه‎ also Romanized as Bīsheh; also known as Bījār and Bījīr) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 6 families.
 Boys and Girls Together is a 1964 novel by William Goldman.
 Robert Scot (1744 – November 1 1823) was the first Chief Engraver of the United States Mint from the inception of the United States Mint in 1793 until his death in 1823. He was succeeded by William Kneass. Scot also designed the popular and rare Flowing Hair dollar coinage along with the Liberty Cap half cent.Scot is perhaps best known for his design the Draped Bust which was used on many silver and copper coins.
 Away with Words (known also by its Chinese title 三條人 roughly translated as Three Life-stories and its Japanese title 孔雀 translated as Peacock) is a 1999 auteur trilingual (Japanese English Cantonese) film by Christopher Doyle co-scripted by Doyle and Tony Rayns and starring Tadanobu Asano and Mavis Xu.
 The Chicago Daily News was an afternoon daily newspaper published between 1876 and 1978 in Chicago Illinois United States.
 Advances and Applications in Bioinformatics and Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in bioinformatics especially as applied to chemistry including computational biomodeling molecular modeling and systems biology. It was established in 2008 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 A Romance of Happy Valley is a 1919 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Lillian Gish. Believed lost for almost 50 years a print was discovered in 1965 in USSR.
 Chmielewo Wielkie [xmjɛˈlɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Wieczfnia Kościelna 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Mława and 115 km (71 mi) north of Warsaw.
 The Journal of Sir Walter Scott is a diary which the novelist and poet Walter Scott kept between 1825 and 1832. It records the financial disaster which overtook him at the beginning of 1826 and the efforts he made over the next seven years to pay off his debts by writing bestselling books. Since its first complete publication in 1890 it has attracted high praise being considered by many critics one of the finest diaries in the language.
 Edward David Crippa (April 8 1899 – October 20 1960) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Senator from Wyoming.Crippa was born in Rock Springs Sweetwater County Wyoming. During World War I Crippa served as a private in the United States Army.Crippa served as a councilman of Rock Springs from 1926 to 1928.
 The Little Machias River is a 17.7-mile-long (28.5 km) river in Maine. From its source (46°43′39″N 68°37′36″W) in Maine Township 12 Range 7 WELS it runs about 8 miles (13 km) east to Little Machias Lake and about 9 miles (14 km) southeast to its confluence with the Aroostook River in Ashland 2.4 miles (3.9 km) downstream (north) of the confluence of the Machias River with the Aroostook. Via the Aroostook River it is part of the St. John River watershed.
 Fuel is a jazz fusion album by organist/keyboardist Larry Young released on the Arista Records label. The album is Young's debut for Arista Records which was reissued on 1/2/2006.
 The Crawford House is a building in Steamboat Springs Colorado USA that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its importance as the primary residence for 36 years of James Harvey Crawford the Father of Steamboat Springs and his wife Margaret Emerine (Bourn) Crawford the Mother of Routt County. The two of them together were among the most influential pioneering families in northwest Colorado.
 Grand Magus is the debut full-length album by Swedish heavy metal band Grand Magus. The album was released in November 2001 in Europe and in the United States. In 2006 the album was re-released with two bonus tracks.
 Dehadaka Duka is a 1968 Sri Lankan film directed by Robin Tampoe.
 Not For Church Folk! is a 2001 album by Millie Jackson after nearly a decade of no studio albums.
 Human Butt is the fifth live spoken word album by Henry Rollins released in 1992 by Quarterstick Records. It was reissued with new artwork on 2.13.61 Records on February 3 2009. It is made up of recordings from 1989 and 1990 from Chicago IL Santa Monica CA Hamburg Germany and Lausanne Switzerland.On the 2009 reissue track listing Hated is not listed and it shows Decoration as the first track of disc two.
 The Museum of Fine Arts of Rennes ((French) Musée des beaux-arts de Rennes) is a municipal museum of fine arts in the French city of Rennes the capital of Brittany. Its collections range from ancient Egypt antiquities to the Modern art period and make the museum one of the most important in France outside Paris notably for its paintings and drawings holdings.
 Role of Honour first published in 1984 was the fourth novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent James Bond. Carrying the Glidrose Publications copyright it was first published in the United Kingdom by Jonathan Cape and in the United States by Putnam.
 Kazna Božija (English: God's Punishment) is the twelfth studio album by Bosnian singer Lepa Brena released in 1994.This is her second of five solo albums without the band Slatki Greh.
 Pummarò is a 1990 Italian drama film directed by Michele Placido. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
 Wizard's Holiday is the seventh book in the Young Wizards series by Diane Duane. It is the sequel to A Wizard Alone.
 The Tulsa Performing Arts Center or Tulsa PAC is a performing arts venue in the city of Tulsa Oklahoma. It houses four main theatres a studio space an art gallery and a sizeable reception hall. Its largest theater is the 2365-seat Chapman Music Hall. The Center regularly hosts events by 14 local performance groups. Tulsa Ballet Tulsa Opera Tulsa Symphony and Celebrity Attractions (Broadway series) are among the Tulsa PAC’s major clients.
 The John Bickford House is a historic late First Period house at 235 Elm Street in North Reading Massachusetts. The c. 1735 two story timber frame house has relatively conservative First Period features despite its somewhat (comparatively) late construction date which may be due to John Bickford's strong connections with nearby Salem.
 Manichitrathazhu (Malayalam: മണിച്ചിത്രത്താഴ് English: The Ornate Lock) is an epic 1993 Indian Malayalam psychological thriller film written by Madhu Muttam directed by Fazil and produced by Swargachitra Appachan. The film dealt with an unusual theme which was not common in Indian cinema but proceeded to become a high grosser at the box-office.
 Summerfield United Methodist Church is located in the historic Juneautown (East Town) neighborhood of downtown Milwaukee Wisconsin. Part of the United Methodist Church (UMC) Summerfield has established several community missions and promotes social justice.
 Beriya Birta is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4050.
 The Church of the Society of Jesus (Spanish: La Iglesia de la Compañía de Jesús) known colloquially as la Compañía is a Jesuit church in Quito Ecuador. It is among the best-known churches in Quito because of its large central nave which is profusely decorated with gold leaf gilded plaster and wood carvings.
 Jadovnik (Serbian Cyrillic: Јадовник pronounced [jâdɔːʋniːk]) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia on the western edge of Pešter plateau between towns of Prijepolje and Sjenica. Its highest peak Katunić has an elevation of 1734 meters above sea level.
 The Black-breasted Buzzard (Hamirostra melanosternon) or Black-breasted Kite is a large bird of prey in the family Accipitridae and the monotypic genus Hamirostra. It is sometimes known as the Black-breasted Kite but is neither a kite nor a buzzard rather a kind of eagle.
 Quartet (1996) is an album by Pat Metheny Group.On Quartet Pat Metheny combines his guitar with bassist Steve Rodby drummer Paul Wertico and the writing abilities and keyboarding of Lyle Mays. The slow and relaxed sounds are largely improvisations as the tracks were loosely written or completely improvised on the spot. This gives the album a very experimental and dark feel. The album is mostly acoustic introducing the Pikasso 42 string guitar as well as other new acoustic guitars.
 The Kiiminki Church is an evangelical Lutheran church in the Finnish city of Oulu. It was part of the town of Kiiminki until 2013 when that town was merged into Oulu.The church building has been designed and constructed by Matti Honka an Ostrobothnian builder of churches in the 18th century. Kiiminki Church is typical for Honka as it is a cruciform church with its corners chamfered. The church was completed in 1760 and inaugurated on July 26 1761.
 Lelam (Malayalam: ലേലം English: The Auction) is a 1997 Malayalam film directed by Joshiy written by Renji Panicker and starring Suresh Gopi M. G. Soman Siddique N. F. Varghese and Spadikam George. The story revolves around the rivalry between two liquor business groups. The film was a box office success and was among the highest-grossing Malayalam films of the year.[citation needed] It was also the last performance of M. G. Soman.
 The Survivors (Spanish: Los sobrevivientes) is a 1979 Cuban drama film directed by Tomás Gutiérrez Alea. It was entered into the 1979 Cannes Film Festival.
 Päivä on nuori is the second solo studio album by a Finnish reggae artist Raappana. Released on 3 October 2007 the album peaked at number 18 on the Finnish Albums Chart.
 Hemigrapsus sanguineus the Japanese shore crab or Asian shore crab is a species of crab from East Asia. It has been introduced to several other shores and is now an invasive species in North America and Europe.
 Sooretamys angouya also known as the rat-headed rice rat and Paraguayan rice rat is a rodent species from South America. It is found in northeastern Argentina southern Brazil and Paraguay in forested areas within the Atlantic Forest and cerrado. Since 2006 it has been classified as the only species in the genus Sooretamys; previously it was included in the genus Oryzomys.
 Zero for Conduct is the first full length album released by Northern Ireland band Jetplane Landing.
 Camanaú River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Adams National Historical Park formerly Adams National Historic Site in Quincy Massachusetts preserves the home of Presidents of the United States John Adams and John Quincy Adams of U.S. Ambassador to Great Britain Charles Francis Adams and of the writers and historians Henry Adams and Brooks Adams.The national historical park's eleven buildings tell the story of five generations of the Adams family (from 1720 to 1927) including Presidents First Ladies U.S.
 Nathan Harvey House is a historic home located at Mill Hall in Clinton County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1804 and is a two-story rectangular stone dwelling seven bays wide. It has gable roof and has Georgian style design characteristics. It features a full-width front porch. It was built by Mill Hall's first settler and founding father Nathan Harvey.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Translation changes everything: Theory and practice is a 2012 book by Lawrence Venuti.This book is a collection of essays written by Venuti during the period 2000-2012 and it deals with trends in translation research the impact of translation translator ethics and other related topics. Venuti conceives translation as an interpretive act with far-reaching social effects at once enabled and constrained by specific cultural situations.
 Lickin' on Both Sides is the debut studio album by British R&B/UK garage group Mis-Teeq released by Telstar Records on 27 October 2001. It was primarily produced by Stargate with additional production from Jensen & Larsson and Synth among others. While the album became a top-five success in the United Kingdom reaching number three on the national albums chart it failed to enter the charts elsewhere.
 Loadestone is the tenth studio album by Spear Of Destiny. The album was the first release on Brandon's own record label Eastersnow. The album features a cover of Transmission originally by Joy Division one of Brandon's favourite bands.
 Hypsopygia fuscalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Hampson in 1891. It is found in India.
 Alex J. Meunier (November 9 1897 – November 8 1983) was a Republican member of the Wisconsin Senate representing the 1st District from 1963 to 1971.Meunier attended the Algoma Teachers College and taught in Door County schools for nine years. He also served in the Army and operated his own orchard. He was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1943 and 1949. He died at a hospital in 1983.
 The Château de la Pannonie is a castle in the commune of Couzou in the Lot département of France.It has been listed since 1992 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Café Flesh is a 1982 post-apocalyptic cult pornographic science fiction film designed and directed by Stephen Sayadian (under the pseudonym Rinse Dream) and co-written by Sayadian and Jerry Stahl (credited as Herbert W. Day). Music was composed and produced by noted music producer Mitchell Froom (and later appeared in his album Key of Cool).Two sequels Cafe Flesh 2 and Cafe Flesh 3 were released in 1997 and 2003 without the participation of the original creators.
 The Mittlerer Sonnblick is a 3000 metre high sub-peak of the Großer Sonnblick (3030 m) to which it is linked by a knife-edge ridge. It is a border peak between the two Austrian federal states of Carinthia and Salzburg. It lies within the Ankogel Group of mountains a sub-group of the High Tauern.The mountain has a prominence of 100 metres and an isolation of 660 metresThe peak has achieved certain renown no doubt because it is the easternmost three-thousander in the Alps.
 Dr. Jenő Pongrácz (27 November 1852 – 9 August 1933) was a Hungarian jurist who served as Crown Prosecutor of Hungary from 1910 to 1923.
 Yevdokimovka is a village in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Kilmurry-Negaul (Irish: Cill Mhuire na nGall) is a civil parish and a village in County Clare Ireland.
 Dean Wink is an American politician and a Republican member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 29 since January 2009. Wink is the Speaker pro tempore of the House since January 11 2011.
 Mainspring is the third novel from writer Jay Lake. It is a clockpunk science fiction/fantasy novel of the sub genre steampunk.This novel is followed by the 2008 sequel Escapement and the 2010 sequel Pinion.
 Post Road is an American literary magazine founded in 1999 that publishes fiction nonfiction criticism poetry art and theatre. In addition to these traditional genres the magazine also features a Recommendations section in which established writers suggest their favorite work and an Etcetera section which presents literary curiosities such as letters reprints and interviews. Post Road is published biannually by the Department of English at Boston College.
 Eddie L. Armstrong III (born in North Little Rock Arkansas) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives representing District 37 since January 14 2013.
 Gornje Mrzlo Polje Mrežničko is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D3 highway.
 Murdock MacKinnon (March 15 1865 Brooklyn – October 12 1944 Charlottetown) was a Canadian politician and served as the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Prince Edward Island.MacKinnon was born in Brooklyn Prince Edward Island to parents of Scottish descent Lauchlin MacKinnon and Mary MacDonald. He received his higher education from Prince of Wales College and then became a farmer.
 Mount Pinchot is the highest peak in the Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge of Southwest Oklahoma at 2476 feet (755 m) above sea level. It is located toward the western edge of the WMWR. The US Fish and Wildlife Service is responsible for the maintenance of the area. Mount Pinchot is located within the Wildlife Refuge's Special Use Area and is closed to the public.
 Tales of Nevèrÿon collects a preface (to the entire series) and five sword and sorcery stories by Samuel R. Delany; and finally an appendix. The stories are The Tale of Gorgik The Tale of Old Venn The Tale of Small Sarg The Tale of Potters and Dragons and The Tale of Dragons and Dreamers. It is the first of the four-volume Return to Nevèrÿon series. This article discusses the five stories collected in the book.
 Kond Olya (Persian: كندعليا‎ also Romanized as Kond ‘Olyā; also known as Kond-e Bālā and Kand-e Bālā) is a village in Lavasan-e Kuchak Rural District Lavasanat District Shemiranat County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 655 in 187 families.
 The Way of the Strong is a silent crime drama film directed by Frank Capra. It was produced by Harry Cohn for Columbia Pictures.
 Earl Thomas Wagner (April 27 1908 - March 6 1990) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.Born in Cincinnati Ohio Wagner attended parochial and public schools.He was graduated from the Salmon P.
 Eupithecia submiranda is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Surinam.The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are dingy olive-ochreous. The markings are dull dark grey. The hindwings are similar but the grey markings are much duller.
 Cyanophrys bertha is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 Syrophenikan is an album by Canadian ambient/electronic music group Delerium in 1990.
 Gaj (Serbian: Гај) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mohammad Sabah Al-Salem Al-Sabah (born 10 October 1955) is the former deputy prime minister and minister of foreign affairs of Kuwait.
 Moulton is a crater on the Moon's far side just beyond the south-southwestern limb as seen from the Earth. The crater is attached to the southern edge of Chamberlin and it lies at the northern terminus of the Vallis Schrödinger valley. There is a cleft in the shared rim between Chamberlin and Moulton.This is a worn crater with an outer rim that is not quite circular. There are straight lengths in the rim to the west and northeast as well as the common rim shared with Chamberlin to the north.
 Arab Hasan (Persian: عرب حسن‎ also Romanized as ‘Arab Ḩasan) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2107 in 356 families.
 Burn is the third studio album by industrial rock band Sister Machine Gun.
 Pfitzbach is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Mała Gunica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Gunica.
 Professor Eme Awa (born 15 December 1921 - March 2000) was chairman of the National Electoral Commission of Nigeria (NECON) appointed by President Ibrahim Babangida.
 St Barnabas' Church Morecambe is in Regent Road Morecambe Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Lancaster and Morecambe the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn.
 The New Art Gallery Walsall is a modern and contemporary art gallery sited in the centre of the West Midlands town of Walsall England. It was built with £21 million of public funding including £15.75 million from the UK National Lottery and additional money from the European Regional Development Fund and City Challenge.The Gallery is funded by Walsall Council and Arts Council England; this funding is further supplemented by its own income generation. Admission is free.
 National Lampoon Presents The Very Large Book of Comical Funnies is an American humor book a book of comic strips that was published in 1975 in paperback as a spin-off of National Lampoon magazine. Although it appears to be a book in reality it was a special issue of the magazine and as such it was sold on newsstands. On the cover it is described as A never before published history of the comics and it is also described as An Adult Comic.
 Thomas L. Ambro (born 1949 in Cambridge Ohio) is a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
 Kantipur (Nepali: कान्तिपुर) is a Nepali language daily newspaper published from Kathmandu Biratnagar Nepalgunj and Bharatpur of Nepal simultaneously.Kantipur's publishers report that the circulation of this newspaper is just above 250000 copies per day. It is regarded as one of the most widely read newspaper in Nepal as well as a good source of information of homeland for Nepali diaspora.The newspaper which began publishing on 7th Falgun 2047 B.S.
 Sahara is the second studio album by the American hard rock band House of Lords released on August 21 1990.The album was recorded without original guitarist Lanny Cordola but with Michael Guy as the band's guitarist. Still the album features many guest contributors on guitar such as Doug Aldrich (Whitesnake Hurricane) Rick Nielsen (Cheap Trick) Chris Impellitteri (Impellitteri) and Mandy Meyer (Asia Krokus).
 Aahuti is a 1978 Hindi family drama film directed by Ashok V. Bhushan. The films stars Rajendra Kumar Shashi Kapoor Rakesh Roshan Parveen Babi Zaheera and Madan Puri.
 Sapporo JR Tower (Japanese: JRタワー) is a skyscraper shopping mall and office complex in Sapporo Hokkaidō Japan. The Tower is located above JR Sapporo Station South entrance and the height of the tower is 173 m (568 ft) with 38 stories.
 The Horse Range is a mountain range in Nevada County California.
 Noizhead is a live album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The same European tour also produced the live album Mort Aux Vaches: Locomotive Breath.
 Bigelow Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic church west of the junction of Volman and Emma Streets in Bigelow Arkansas.It was built in 1908 and added to the National Register in 1996.
 Dunn Peak (sometimes known locally as the Dunn Peaks) is a group of peaks in the central Interior of British Columbia Canada. Its most prominent summit Matterhorn Peak rises to 2636 metres (8648 ft) making it the highest point in the Shuswap Highland.
 The Bănia River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Ophirion is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Cornwall Iron Furnace is a designated National Historic Landmark that is administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission in Cornwall Lebanon County Pennsylvania in the United States. The furnace was a leading Pennsylvania iron producer from 1742 until it was shut down in 1883. The furnaces support buildings and surrounding community have been preserved as a historical site and museum providing a glimpse into Lebanon County's industrial past.
 The golden weedfish Cristiceps aurantiacus is a species of clinid found around New South Wales Australia and New Zealand it can be found in tide pools and the subtidal zone to a depth of 30 metres (98 ft). Its diet consists of crustaceans and small fishes. It can reach a length of 22 centimetres (8.7 in) TL.
 Zelma Charles Wyche (January 24 1918 - September 24 1999) was an African American civil rights activist in majority black Tallulah in Madison Parish in northeastern Louisiana. He held the offices of police chief alderman and mayor. After many years at the grass roots Wyche began to receive national attention for his work to dismantle racial segregation.
 The Grija River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 Amnesia is the fifth studio album by Richard Thompson recorded and released in 1988.After Across a Crowded Room and Daring Adventures had not troubled the compilers of hit parades Polydor declined their option to renew their contract with Thompson. Thompson's then manager Gary Stamler negotiated a deal with Capitol Records and Thompson cut his first album for his new label in 1988.This was a good time for Thompson to be at Capitol.
 Echo is an American comic book independently published by Terry Moore under his Abstract Studio imprint. The first issue was released on March 5 2008 with silver foil accents not to be included on future printings.Echo's story revolves around Julie a young photographer who inadvertently discovers a hi-tech Battle suit. Moore has said the premise of Echo is a woman living in today's America who is dealing with a sudden unbelievable change to her daily life.
 Schinderbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Rimorso is a 1952 Italian film.
 The Man Whose Teeth Were All Exactly Alike is a realist non-science fiction novel authored by Philip K. Dick. Originally completed in 1960 this book was initially rejected by potential publishers and posthumously published by a small press in 1984 two years after Dick's death.
 Animalicious is a documentary film released in 1999. It told the stories of five incidents in which animals had a profound impact on a person's life. It was produced and directed by Mark Lewis.
 Access All Areas is the eighth album and first live album by Spyro Gyra released in 1984 (see 1984 in music).
 Gymnothorax fuscomaculatus is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian oceans. It was first named by Schultz in 1953 and is commonly known as the Brown spotted moray or the Freckled moray.
 Walton James McLeod III (born June 30 1937) is a Democratic member of the South Carolina House of Representatives representing the 40th District since 1996. McLeod a businessman and attorney earned his B.A. from Yale University in 1959 and his L.L.B. from the University of South Carolina in 1964. While at the University of South Carolina he was president of the Clariosophic Society.
 Štědrá (German: Stiedra) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 Warner Theater also known as The High Street Theater is a historic movie theater located in West Chester Chester County Pennsylvania. It was designed by the noted Chicago theater design firm of Rapp and Rapp and built by Warner Brothers. It opened on November 14 1930. It is a composite of one- two- and three-story buildings in the Art Deco style. It includes the theater restaurant and a series of seven small stores.
 The publication Print A Quarterly Journal of the Graphic Arts was a limited edition quarterly periodical begun in 1940 and continued under different names up to the present day as Print a bimonthly American magazine about visual culture and design.In its current format Print documents and critiques commercial social and environmental design from every angle: the good (how New York’s public-school libraries are being reinvented through bold graphics) the bad (how Tylenol flubbed its disastrous ad campaign for suspicious hipsters) and the ugly (how Russia relies on Soviet symbolism to promote sausage and real estate).Print is a general-interest magazine written by cultural reporters and critics who look at design in its social political and historical contexts. 
 Ellnor Judith Grassby née Louez (born 14 January 1937) a former Australian politician was a member of the multi-member single constituency unicameral Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the Australian Labor Party between 1989 and 1995. Grassby served as Minister for Housing and Urban Services in the First Follett Ministry.
 Protest Songs is the fourth album by English pop band Prefab Sprout (though the third recorded). It was recorded in 1985 but was not released until 1989; it's not clear whether at the time of recording the band had intended it as the main follow-up to their breakthrough album Steve McQueen released earlier in 1985.
 Free Willy: Escape from Pirate's Cove is a 2010 direct-to-video family film and the fourth and final installment in the Free Willy series. It stars Beau Bridges and Bindi Irwin. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 23 March 2010 in the United States. It was released on 2 August in the United Kingdom and Ireland. The film is not connected in any way to the first three movies and is considered to be a reboot of the series.
 The Pârâul Cetății is a tributary of the Sălătrucel River in Romania.
 John F. Lutz Furniture Co. & Funerary is a historic building complex located at St. Lawrence Berks County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of a combination house / shop warehouse / showroom and carriage house. The combination house / shop was built in 1878 and is a two-story brick and frame building in the Italianate style. Two small two-story frame additions were built in 1885 and 1910. The John F.
 The Church of the Holy Virgin Mary of Lourdes (Polish: Kościół Najświętszej Maryi Panny z Lourdes w Krakowie) is a Roman Catholic church in Kraków Poland dedicated to Our Lady of Lourdes. It was founded by the Lazarists and built in 1892–1894 at ul. Misjonarska 37 street in the district of Krowodrza. It has been a parish church since 1923. In interwar Poland a polyphonic choir was established by the congregation in 1932.
 FabricLive.67 is a 2013 DJ mix album by Ben UFO. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Novopokrovka is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Stigmella rhynchosiella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Vári in 1955. It is found in South Africa (it was described from Pretoria).The larvae feed on Rhynchosia nitens. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Robert K. Bob Sweeney (born May 29 1949) is a New York Assemblyman elected in 1988 to represent the 11th district which includes Lindenhurst Copiague Amityville Wyandanch and West Babylon. He is a Democrat.Sweeney is a lifetime resident of the district he represents and attended public schools in Lindenhurst. He earned a bachelor's degree from Adelphi University and a Master of Public Administration from the C.W. Post Campus of Long Island University.
 Janikatala is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2572 people living in 443 individual households.
 Khajuri Khurd is a panchayat village in Koraon Tehsil in Allahabad District Uttar Pradesh India. It is about 1.5 km by road south of the village of Khajuri Kalan and about 2 km by road northeast of the village of Kukurhata. Administratively it is a gram panchayat under Koraon Tehsil.
 The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
 Ania Teliczan is the self-titled debut studio album from Polish singer-songwriter Ania Teliczan. It was released on 16 January 2012 and consists of 10 songs in style of 60's in English and Polish some of which written by Andrzej Piaseczny and Teliczan herself. The album was recorded in the United Kingdom with producer Troy Miller who previously worked with Amy Winehouse.
 The International Spy Museum is a privately owned museum dedicated to the tradecraft history and contemporary role of espionage featuring the largest collection of international espionage artifacts currently on public display. The museum is located within the 1875 Le Droit Building in the Penn Quarter neighborhood of Washington D.C. and is across the street from the Old Patent Office Building (which houses the Smithsonian American Art Museum and the National Portrait Gallery).
 Monte Novegno is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 1552 metres.
 Demnitz is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Ravaz (Persian: روض‎ also Romanized as Ravaẕ) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 21 families.
 Yamada Tarō Monogatari (山田太郎ものがたり Yamada Tarō Monogatari literally Yamada Tarō Story) is a Japanese manga series created by Ai Morinaga. The manga series published by Kadokawa Shoten ran from 1996-2000 with a total of fourteen volumes. Besides after the ending of the series. The author came out with another special volume about the other siblings within the Yamada Family called The Tale of the Yamada Family
 This Is It! (The A&M Years 1979–1989) released in February 1997 is a Joe Jackson compilation double album covering his period with A&M Records between 1979 and 1989.
 The Love Album is an album compiled from tracks recorded by Doris Day during three studio sessions in Hollywood in 1967 but not released until 1994.In 2006 the album was reissued in CD form with extra tracks taken from a Doris Day television special recorded in 1971.
 Ramreddy Damodar Reddy (Telugu: రాంరెడ్డి దామోదర్ రెడ్డి ) (born 14 September 1952) is an Indian Politician and present Member of the Legislative Assembly for Suryapet Assembly constituency representing the Indian National Congress party. R. Damodar Reddy won his seat in the 2009 Andhra Pradesh state Assembly Elections 2009 for Indian National Congress Party in Suryapet Constituency.
 Leucobursada is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Lavar (Persian: لاور‎ also Romanized as Lāvar Shikh) is a village in Kukherd Rural District Kukherd District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 544 in 115 families.
 Jean-Max Bellerive (born 1958) is a Haitian politician and former Prime Minister of Haiti. He resigned on 14 May 2011.
 Hanfbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Hello Starling is the third album by Josh Ritter released on September 9 2003.Hello Starling was reissued on January 17 2010 as a two-disc Deluxe Edition. The Deluxe Edition includes the complete original studio album and a second bonus disc.
 Sweetland Farmhouse is a historic farmhouse located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. It was built about 1825 and is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular frame residence with a gable roof and in the Federal style. Also on the property is a garage shed and chicken house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Wifredo A. Willy Ferrer (born 1966 in Hialeah Florida) is the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida. He was nominated on February 24 2010 by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the Senate on April 22 2010. He was sworn in on July 16 2010 in Miami Florida. As United States Attorney he is the chief federal law enforcement officer for the District.
 The Harry W. Jones House is a historic house in Minneapolis Minnesota United States in the Tangletown neighborhood. Harry Wild Jones was one of the most notable architects in Minneapolis with a career spanning nearly 50 years. His designs included the Butler Brothers Warehouse the chapel in Lakewood Cemetery and the Washburn Park Water Tower. His own home built in 1887 was one of the first homes in the Washburn Park area and influenced the design of other homes in the area.
 The Red Violin is the original soundtrack album on the Sony Classical label of the 1999 film The Red Violin (original title: Le violon rouge) starring Carlo Cecchi Sandra Oh and Samuel L. Jackson.
 Barik Ab (Persian: باريك اب‎ also Romanized as Bārīk Āb; also known as Barkāb and Barkoud) is a village in Ijrud-e Bala Rural District in the Central District of Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 715 in 181 families.
 Egypt is a Grammy Award-winning album by the Senegalese musician Youssou N'Dour on which he is accompanied by the Egyptian Fathy Salama Orchestra. In the original Senegalese release it was named Sant Allah (Thanks to God).On the record Youssou combines both West African and North African musical influences.
 Chase-Crowley-Keep House is a historic home located at Lockport in Niagara County New York. It is a stone structure built in 1856 in the Italianate style. A 1903-1905 remodeling was in the Colonial Revival style. It was built for Edward Ithcar Chase brother of Supreme Court Justice Salmon P. Chase who was a frequent visitor. In 1967 the property was converted for use by the Lockport Presbyterian Home as a nursing home.
 Owzkola (Persian: اوزكلا‎ also Romanized as Owzkolā; also known as Bāghbān Kolā) is a village in Owzrud Rural District Baladeh District Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 38 families.
 Waiting for the Galactic Bus is a 1988 science fiction novel by Parke Godwin and published by Doubleday Books. It is followed by The Snake Oil Wars and The Snake Oil Variations in 1989.
 The Crucible (French: Les Sorcières de Salem German: Die Hexen von Salem or Hexenjagd) is a 1957 joint Franco-East German film production directed by Raymond Rouleau with a screenplay adapted by Jean-Paul Sartre from the 1953 play The Crucible by Arthur Miller. The film was only briefly released on home video and is extremely difficult to find.
 St Mary Magdalene's Church Stapleford is a redundant Anglican church near the village of Stapleford Leicestershire England (grid reference SK811182). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It is situated in the grounds of Stapleford Park.
 Hwajangsan is a mountain located in Ulju county Ulsan South Korea. It has an elevation of 285 m (935 ft).
 Bring Me Your Love is the second album by City and Colour released on February 12 2008.
 It Goes On is the debut album from indie folk band Destry. It was released on October 30 2009. Physical orders were done through the band's Tumblr page and digital downloads are available through Paper + Plastick.
 Handshakes and Heartbreaks is the first album from alternative rock band Roses Are Red.
 The Buff-cheeked Greenlet (Hylophilus muscicapinus) is a species of bird in the Vireonidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Pogo is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Niono in the Ségou Region of Mali. The commune has an area of approximately 550 square kilometers and includes 18 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 16308.
 Viridiana (pronounced: [βiɾiðiˈana]) is a 1961 Spanish-Mexican motion picture directed by Luis Buñuel and produced by Mexican Gustavo Alatriste. It is loosely based on Halma a novel by Benito Pérez Galdós.Viridiana was the winner of the Palme d'Or at the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 Meek Warrior is the second album by Akron/Family released in 2006. The cover art uses a picture of the Crab Nebula. The title is possibly a reference to the concept of warriorship in the Shambhala tradition: the first step on the warrior's path is to become meek.
 James Ramsay MacDonald FRS (12 October 1866 – 9 November 1937) was a British statesman who was the first ever Labour Party Prime Minister of the United Kingdom leading a Labour Government in 1924 a Labour Government from 1929 to 1931 and a National Government from 1931 to 1935.Historians credit MacDonald along with Keir Hardie and Arthur Henderson as one of the three principal founders of the Labour Party.
 The Life of William Blake “Pictor Ignotus.” With selections from his poems and other writings is a two volume work on the English painter and poet William Blake first published in 1863. The first volume is a biography and the second a compilation of Blake's poetry prose artwork and illustrated manuscript.The book was largely written by Alexander Gilchrist who had spent many years compiling the material and interviewing Blake's surviving friends.
 Darlington Railway Centre and Museum is located on the 1825 route of the Stockton and Darlington Railway which was the world's first steam powered passenger railway. It is based inside the station building at the North Road railway station. In April 2008 it was re-branded as Head of Steam following a £1.7m refurbishment project.
 The Cerros de Escazú is a mountain range in San José Province central Costa Rica.
 The Shadow of the Desert (also released as The Shadow of the East) is a 1924 American silent horror film directed by George Archainbaud. The film is considered to be lost.
 Barbus bigornei is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 The Warped Tour 2009 Tour Compilation is the fourteenth installment in the annual compilation series accompanying the Warped Tour. The cover is a photograph of NOFX members El Hefe Fat Mike and Erik Sandin performing on the 2006 tour.
 The Takou River (in its upper reaches called the Takou Stream) is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally east from its sources east of Kaeo to reach the Pacific Ocean at Takou Bay 15 kilometres north of Kerikeri.
 Sketches by Boz Illustrative of Every-day Life and Every-day People (commonly known as Sketches by Boz) is a collection of short pieces Charles Dickens published as a book in 1836 with illustrations by George Cruikshank. The 56 sketches concern London scenes and people and the whole work is divided into four sections: Our Parish Scenes Characters and Tales.
 Circle of the Sun is a 1960 short documentary film on Kainai Nation or Blood Tribe of Southern Alberta which captured their Sun Dance ritual on film for the first time. Tribal leaders who worried the traditional ceremony might be dying out had permitted filming as a visual record.The film was directed by Colin Low who was from the area. Low's father had been a foreman of the Cochrane Church Ranch in the area southern Alberta and had known many Blood Tribe people since childhood.
 Adriaan Valckenier (6 June 1695 – 20 June 1751) was Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1737 to 1741. Mainly remembered for his involvement in the 1740 Batavia massacre Valckenier later died in a prison in Batavia (present-day Jakarta).
 Hadi Kiashar (Persian: هادي كياشر‎ also Romanized as Hādī Kīāshar; also known as Hadi Kiasar Hādī Kīyā Shahr and Haji Shir Kia) is a village in Machian Rural District Kelachay District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 749 in 221 families.
 Huckleberry Finn (1931) is an American comedy film directed by Norman Taurog and starring Jackie Coogan as Tom Sawyer and Junior Durkin as Huckleberry Finn. The picture was based upon the novel The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain.
 Kompakt: Total 2 or Total 2 was released on 25 July 2000. The album is the second installment of the Cologne-based microhouse label's annual compilation of vinyl releases and exclusives from its biggest artists and most promising newcomers. Except one (see below) all tracks on the vinyl edition were previously unreleased at the time of release.
 The Wabash River /ˈwɔːbæʃ/ is a 503-mile-long (810 km) river in the Midwestern United States that flows southwest from northwest Ohio near Fort Recovery across northern Indiana to southern Illinois where it forms the Illinois-Indiana border before draining into the Ohio River of which it is the largest northern tributary.
 Live! is a Bob Marley and the Wailers live album released on 5 December 1975. Live! was recorded 19 July 1975 at the Lyceum Theatre in London. The performance remains one of Marley's most famous.
 Piz Cambrialas (3208 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking the Val Russein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.The mountain lies in the range between the Maderanertal and the Val Russein and has two summits of nearly-identical height separated by a ca. 100 m deep saddle. The north summit (3205 m) is 100 m southeast of the watershed and the border with the canton of Uri.
 Life at the Zoo is a 1946 Soviet short documentary film. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Sin and Bones is the fifth album and third album of all original material from the heavy metal band Fozzy. It was released on August 14 2012 through Century Media Records.
 The Commitments (1987) (Originally called The Partitions) is a novel by Irish writer Roddy Doyle and is the first episode in The Barrytown Trilogy. It is a tale about a group of unemployed young people in the north side of Dublin Ireland who start a soul band.
 Diederik Maarten Samsom (About this sound pronunciation ; born July 10 1971) is a Dutch politician. As a member of the Labour Party (Partij van de Arbeid) he has been an MP since January 30 2003. He is the party's spokesperson on environmental issues. On March 16 2012 he was elected parliamentary leader as well as party leader. Before his election to parliament he was CEO of a green energy company and a campaigner for Greenpeace Netherlands.
 The Victor (German: Der Sieger) is a 1932 German comedy film directed by Hans Hinrich and Paul Martin and starring Hans Albers Käthe von Nagy and Julius Falkenstein. A postal clerk loses his money gambling on horses but eventually meets and falls in love with a wealthy man's daughter. It premiered on 23 March 1932 at the Gloria-Palast in Berlin.The film's art direction was by Erich Kettelhut.
 The Jones-Bowman House was built in 1842 in Columbiana Ohio. The house was built by J. Jones who was the son of an abolitionist. It is believed that the house was part of the Underground Railroad.The house has remained preserved as it was built. It is a two-story home in an L shape. A spiral staircase and four wood-burning fireplaces have not been altered since the house was built.The house was purchased by E. Bowman in 1885.
 Pierrepont Town Buildings is a historic town hall and related building complex located at Pierrepont in St. Lawrence County New York. The complex consists of three buildings: the Pierrepont Town Hall Pierrepont Museum (District School #2) and Pierrepont Union Church. The Pierrepont Town Hall is a white frame clapboard structure built in 1847 and originally of Greek Revival design. It features an open porch with Greek pediment with four square tapering columns.
 Lake Rosalind is a small inland lake located in Bruce County Ontario Canada between the towns of Hanover and Walkerton. Lake Rosalind and the interconnected Marl Lake to its south are manmade lakes that were created by the excavation of marl for local cement plants in the early 1900s and the construction of dams later in 1939 and 1946. Both lakes are relatively shallow and small in area (38 hectares and 14 hectares respectively).
 Tupale (Serbian Cyrillic: Тупале) is a village in Serbia. It is located in the Medveđa municipality in the Jablanica District. According to the 2002 census Tupale had 725 inhabitants of whom 723 are ethnic Albanians.
 Cinema is Everywhere is a 2011 documentary film by writer director and cinematographer Teal Greyhavens that weaves together three stories from India Scotland and Tunisia each featuring personal perspectives on the effects of local regional and international cinema on people's lives. It is based around the idea that cinema is a universal visual language that people of almost any culture can enjoy and even create regardless of where they are who they know or how much money they have.
 Mürtzsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 70.7 m its surface area is 0.252 km².
 Wandzin [ˈvand͡ʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Ulhówek 29 km (18 mi) east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 124 km (77 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 British Wildlife is a British wildlife magazine. It is published by British Wildlife Publishing. It has been published since 1989. Individual issues are B5 in size. The first three volumes had colour covers but from volume 4 onwards the design changed to a white background with dark blue text for the title and a photograph or painting on the front cover. A regular feature is Wildlife reports which covers recent records and findings by taxonomic group.
 Hippurarctia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 The Chessler is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps overlooking the valley of Monbiel east of Klosters in the canton of Graubünden.
 Embryoglossa bipuncta is a species of snout moths in the genus Embryoglossa. It was described by Hampson in 1903 and is known from India.
 Fuck You and Then Some (stylized as ''!!!Fuck You!!! and Then Some) is a 1996 reissue of the Overkill EPs Overkill (1984) and !!!Fuck You!!! (1987) combined with bonus live tracks including a cover of Black Sabbath's Hole in the Sky. The cover of this compilation album is the same as !!!Fuck You!!! although the cover of that EP does not feature the words and Then Some. As of 2006 the EP had sold over 13500 copies in the U.S.
 Aquamarine is a 2006 Australian-American teen fantasy comedy film starring Sara Paxton Emma Roberts and Joanna JoJo Levesque (in her film debut). The film which was made in both the United States and Australia was released in North America on March 3 2006. The film loosely based on a children's book on the same name by Alice Hoffman and directed by American director Elizabeth Allen was filmed in Queensland Australia.
 Covered Wagon Days is a 1940 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by George Sherman.
 Age of the Sun is the second album released by The Sunshine Fix the solo project of The Olivia Tremor Control's Bill Doss.
 Woods End Road Historic District is a historic district at 68 Baker Bridge Rd. 1 5 9 and 10 Woods End Road in Lincoln Massachusetts. It was added to the National Register in 1988.
 Myrmecia regularis is an Australian ant which belongs to the Myrmecia genus. This species is native to Australia. They are mostly distributed in Western Australia and around Perth.The length of a worker is around 14-20 millimetres long. The queens are usually the same size as the larger workers at 18-20 millimetres long as with males which can reach 15-17 millimetres in length.
 Alexandra Tower is a residential tower located in the newly developed Princes Dock area of Liverpool England. It was constructed between 2005 and 2008 and upon completion became the sixth tallest building in Liverpool. The tower has a total 27 floors with 201 apartments reaching a height of 88 metres (290 ft).In March 2010 a 100 kilograms (220 lb) decorative glass panel shattered and fell from the building onto the ground below.
 The Plaiu River is a headwater of the Valea Nimăieştilor in Romania.
 Ganashakti Patrika (Gônoshokti Potrika) is an Indian Bengali daily newspaper published from Kolkata West Bengal India. The paper is an organ of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) West Bengal State Committee. It first appeared as a fortnightly in 1967 and then it started as an evening daily for quite some time and finally converted into a full-fledged daily newspaper.
 Still Breathing is a 1998 drama feature film starring Brendan Fraser and Joanna Going. Con artist Rosalyn Willoughby (Going) in Hollywood and puppeteer Fletcher McBracken (Fraser) in San Antonio have the same dream which links them to each other. He travels to L.A. to find her but at first she resists him. The film is set in Los Angeles California San Antonio and San Marcos Texas.
 St. John the Baptist Roman Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in Pottsville Pennsylvania. It is located at Tenth & Mahantongo Streets. The current structure was built in 1872.
 The Pearl-bellied White-eye (Zosterops grayi) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Brian Edward Sandoval (born August 5 1963) is the 29th and current Governor of the U.S. state of Nevada and a member of the Republican Party. Sandoval is a former judge of the United States District Court for the District of Nevada.
 Scobura is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Vernon Jubilee Hospital (VJH) is a hospital located in Vernon British Columbia which is a city in the Okanagan region of Canada. Initial examination for constructing a hospital in Vernon began in 1895 when residents of the city demanded a hospital to be created. It was ultimately incorporated in 1897 and serves the North Okanagan regional district. The Vernon Jubilee Hospital offers core physician specialty and emergency departments in addition to acute and obstetrical care.
 Nurse Betty is a 2000 American black comedy film directed by Neil LaBute starring Renée Zellweger as a Kansas waitress who suffers a nervous breakdown after witnessing her husband's murder and starts obsessively pursuing her favorite soap actor (played by Greg Kinnear). Morgan Freeman and Chris Rock play the hitmen who killed her husband and subsequently pursue her to Los Angeles.For her performance Zellweger won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.
 Nasunaris flata is an extinct ostracod which existed in the United Kingdom during the Silurian period. It was first named by David J. Siveter Derek E. G. Briggs Derek J. Siveter and Mark D. Sutton in 2010.
 The Whole Shebang: A State-of-the-universe(s) Report is a non-fiction science book written by author Timothy Ferris originally published in 1997. In his book he provides a wide-range report of current research on cosmology the study of the universe and its trends going into the 21st century. He reports on theories about the possibility that our universe is one among many the Big Bang theory Black holes the expanding universe and curved space.
 African tetras (family Alestidae formerly spelled Alestiidae) are a group of Characiformes fish exclusively found in Africa. This family contains about 18 genera and 110 species.Among the best known members are the Congo tetra and African tigerfish.
 Mordellistena tarsalis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Smith in 1883.
 St Andrew's with Castlegate United Reformed Church is in Nottingham.
 The Central Dairy Building in downtown Columbia Missouri was built in 1927 to house the headquarters of the Central Dairy Company. Today the building houses an appliance store and restaurants on the first floor and lofts on the second.
 The 1941 Historical Aircraft Group Museum is a warbird and military history museum located on the grounds of the Geneseo Airport in Geneseo New York. Founded in 1994 the museum restores flies and displays vintage military aircraft from the Second World War and Korean War eras. As of 2012 the museum is undergoing renovations to increase exhibit space and is adding a dedicated area for its America at Home exhibit to show examples of American home front life during World War II.
 The cushioned gerbil Gerbillus pulvinatus is distributed mainly in Somalia Ethiopia Djibouti and Kenya.
 The Scholar Gipsy (1853) is a poem by Matthew Arnold based on a 17th-century Oxford story found in Joseph Glanvill's The Vanity of Dogmatizing (1661 etc.). It has often been called one of the best and most popular of Arnold's poems and is also familiar to music-lovers through Ralph Vaughan Williams' choral work An Oxford Elegy which sets lines from this poem and from its companion-piece Thyrsis.
 Vamo Batê Lata is the second live album released by brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso launched in 1995. Vamo Batê Lata had more than 900000 copies sold in Brazil the most sold of the band. Vamo Batê Lata includded Luis Inácio (300 Picaretas) and Uma Brasileira.
 Gnaphosa nordlandica is a ground spider species found in Norway.
 Shilendra Kumar Singh or S.K. Singh (Hindi: शीलेंद्र कुमार सिंह) 24 January 1932 – 1 December 2009) was an Indian diplomat. He was Governor of Arunachal Pradesh from December 2004 to September 2007 and Governor of Rajasthan from September 2007 until he died in office in December 2009.Singh was Indian Foreign Secretary from 1989 to 1990.
 Lego Star Wars: The Quest for R2-D2 is a 2009 comedy short film directed by a director Peder Pedersen and produced by M2Film for Lego and Cartoon Network in collaboration with Lucasfilm.It was made as a follow-up to Lego Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Brick (2008) and premiered on Cartoon Network on August 27 2009 in celebration of 10 years of LEGO Star Wars. The story follows the characters from the 2008 series Star Wars: The Clone Wars.
 Sacco e Vanzetti is an Italian docudrama made in 1971. It was written and directed by Giuliano Montaldo. The film presents a dramatization of the events surrounding the trial of Nicola Sacco and Bartolomeo Vanzetti.The film's soundtrack was composed and conducted by Ennio Morricone.The song Here's to You introduced in this film (sung by Joan Baez) was also included in several later films.
 James Irvine Dungan (May 29 1844 - December 28 1931) was a U.S.
 The Joy of Life (2005) is an experimental landscape documentary film about the history of suicide and the Golden Gate Bridge and the adventures of a butch lesbian in San Francisco California.
 Once a Year: A Poema Christmas EP is a holiday EP by American acoustic pop duo Poema. It is the second EP released by the group on Tooth & Nail Records.
 Rudra Narayan Pany (born 22 April 1959) is an Indian politician of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Orissa in the Rajya Sabha the upper house of the Indian Parliament.He first got to the lime light of Orissa politics when in 1998 he had contested independently for the Dhenanal Parliament seat.Because of him the Congress Candidate had won from the BJD-BJP alliance candidate with a very narrow margin of 2500 votes.
 Duals is a compilation album released by the Irish rock band U2 in April 2011 only available to u2.com subscribers.
 The Cămârzanu River is a tributary of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 David and Mary Kinne Farmstead is a historic home and farm complex located at Ovid in Seneca County New York. The complex consists of a Greek Revival style farmhouse and seven historic agricultural outbuildings. By family tradition the house is believed to have been built about 1850 and is believed to have been used as a stop on the Underground Railroad.
 Shiver is the first country album by the country music artist Jamie O'Neal. Released on October 31 2000 the album reached its peak of number 14 on the U.S. Top Country Albums chart and number 125 on the Billboard 200. It was certified Gold by the RIAA for sales of 500000. The album was released through Mercury Nashville Records.
 Görög Katolikus Szemle ('Greek Catholic Survey') was a Hungarian-language Greek Catholic weekly newspaper published from Ungvár Subcarpathian Rus between 1899-1918. Görög Katolikus Szemle was the organ of the Society of Saint Basil the Great 1899-1901 and by the Unio Book Publishing Company 1902-1918.Viktor Kaminsky was the editor of the newspaper for most of its existence.Politically the newspaper represented a sector of the Greek Catholic clergy.
 Comme si j'étais là... is the first Dalida remix album released in 1995.
 Tygodnik Cieszyński (Cieszyn Weekly) was a weekly Polish magazine published in Cieszyn (Teschen) in 1848-1851. It was the first local magazine in Cieszyn Silesia.The first issue appeared on 6 May 1848. The publisher was Ludwik Klucki first editor was Andrzej Cinciała who was in August replaced by Paweł Stalmach. The first article of the first issue of Tygodnik Cieszyński began with words:The black cloud which through the centuries overshadowed the light sky cracked.
 Tazehabad-e Amin (Persian: تازه آباد امين‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Amīn; also known as Majīd Khān Tāzehābād-e Majīdkhānī and Tāzehābād-e Moḩammad-e Amīn) is a village in Saral Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 255 in 50 families.
 Nepogomphoides stuhlmanni is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Contrast Media & Molecular Imaging is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by John Wiley & Sons since 2006. It covers the areas of magnetic resonance imaging and magnetic resonance spectroscopy but also all other in vivo imaging technologies such as x-Ray PET/CT etc. The current editors-in-chief are Silvio Aime (University of Turin) and Robert N. Muller (University of Mons-Hainaut).
 The Kálmán Makláry Fine Arts gallery is a showcase for artists of the Post-War School of Paris. The gallery is a member of Syndicat National des Antiquaires Négociants en Objets d'Art Tableaux anciens et modernes de France.
 Simplicala is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Xenon (重機甲兵ゼノン Jūki Kōhē Zenon lit. Heavy Metal Warrior Xenon) (aka. Bio Diver Xenon) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Masaomi Kanzaki. The manga was published in 1986 by Shogakukan and 2000 by Kodansha. It was serialised in seinen magazine Monthly Comic Ryū. The manga was licensed by Eclipse Comics in 1987 and by Viz Communications in 1992.
 Novaki Petrovinski is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D1 highway.
 Khush Murd (Persian: خوش مورد‎ also Romanized as Khūsh Mūrd) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sixty Years of Arkham House is a bibliography of books published from 1939 to 1999 under the imprints of Arkham House Mycroft & Moran and Stanton & Lee. It was released in 1999 by Arkham House in an edition of approximately 3500 copies. The book updates Thirty Years of Arkham House 1939-1969: A History and Bibliography adding extensive biographical and bibliographical notes.
 Jeff Stone (born January 28 1961) was an American politician and businessman.
 West-Terschelling (West Frisian: West-Skylge) is a village on Terschelling in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has about 2580 citizens.The town was burned by the English Navy in 1666 during the Second Anglo-Dutch War in an event referred to as Holmes's Bonfire.A pub was named after the Oka 18 a ship that sank near Formerum.
 Micrommia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Micrommia jugifera which is found in the Amazon region.
 Glenwood is a plantation estate with a Greek Revival house built in 1851 and outbuildings in or near Enon North Carolina.Tyre Glen or Tyree Glenn (1800–1875) built one of the largest plantations in western North Carolina in Enon. The estate known as Glenwood once had 360 slaves and 6000 acres (24 km2). The 15-room house with its Doric columns was completed in 1837. The soapstone foundation for the house came from Glen's own quarry.
 I Give You My Word is the fifth studio album by American rapper San Quinn. The album features production from Tone Capone One Drop Scott Cozmo and Icey Mike Beats as well as appearances from E-40 Keak da Sneak and Juvenile.
 In Golden Blood is the third science-fiction alternate history novel by Stephen Woodworth featuring the Violet detective Natalie Lindstrom. It was written in 2005 and won First Place in the Writers of the Future Contest.
 The Henderson County Courthouse also known as the Historic Henderson County Courthouse and the Old Henderson County Courthouse is an historic 3-story brick gold-domed Classical Revival style courthouse building located at One Historic Courthouse Square corner of 1st and Main streets in Hendersonville North Carolina. It is Henderson County's second courthouse and is adjacent to site of the 1840s courthouse which was razed upon its completion.
 Chriselliam (2 February 2011 – 7 February 2014) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. In 2013 she won two of her five races in Europe establishing herself as one of the leading British-trained fillies of her generation by winning the Fillies' Mile. She was then sent to the United States in November where she recorded a decisive win in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies Turf.
 The Eagle's Prophecy is a 2005 novel by Simon Scarrow the sixth book in the Eagle Series It is spring 45 AD and Centurions Macro and Cato dismissed from the Second Legion in Britain are returned to Rome following the events of the Eagle's Prey. They are recognised by the imperial secretary the devious Narcissus who makes them an offer they can’t refuse: to rescue an imperial agent who has been captured by pirates operating from the Illyrian coast or face judgements for their actions.
 Optic Nerve is an interactive CD-ROM showcasing the life and work of multimedia artist David Wojnarowicz. The disc includes film interviews music performance painting and writing from the artist. The release is the first entry in the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series with a non-musical focus.
 A Woman Commands is a 1932 film. It lost $265000.
 … nur ein Komödiant (also König der Maske; in English … just a Comedian or King of the Mask) is the title of an Austrian film of 1935. The director was Erich Engel temporarily in Vienna as a political emigrant from Germany who with this film made a statement against fascism and authoritarian government.
 Old Friendship United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church located in West Post Office Worcester County Maryland. It is a one-story gable-front frame building erected in 1866. It received improvements through the 1920s and reflects rural interpretations of the Italianate and Greek Revival styles. Surrounding the church is a small churchyard containing several hundred 19th and 20th century grave markers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Acrobasis lienpingialis is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Caradja in 1925. It is found in China.
 Professor is a 1962 Hindi movie produced by F. C. Mehra and directed by Lekh Tandon. The film stars Shammi Kapoor Kalpana Bela Bose Lalita Pawar Tun Tun and Iftekhar. The film's music is by Shankar Jaikishan. The film became a box office hit. The film was remade in Tamil as Nadigan in Telugu as Peddainti Alludu and in Kannada as Gopi Krishna.
 Goya albivenella is a species of snout moths in the genus Goya. It was described by Ragonot in 1888. It is found in Argentina.
 Baron Ervin Roszner (19 December 1852 - 2 October 1928) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister besides the King between 1915 and 1917.
 Area 51 is a science-fiction film picture written and directed by Oren Peli the director of Paranormal Activity (2007) and starring Benjamin Rovner Reid Warner and Darrin Bragg.
 The Oakland Tribune is a daily newspaper published in Oakland California by the Bay Area News Group (BANG) a subsidiary of MediaNews Group. Since 2010 it has been published as an edition of the BANG flagship newspaper the San Jose Mercury News.The final edition of the newspaper under the name The Oakland Tribune was scheduled to be published on November 1 2011 however BANG announced on Oct.
 Maya is a 1999 a trilingual devotional film produced and directed by Rama Narayanan. The film featured Napolean alongside Nagma while S. P. Balasubrahmanyam plays a supporting role. The venture was simultaneously shot in Tamil Telugu and Kannada with the other versions being titled as Gurupoornima and Jayasurya respectively with scenes overlapping. The films which had music composed by P. R. G opened in January 1999.
 Bermuda Hill also known as the Liver House is a historic plantation house near Prairieville Alabama. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 7 1994 as a part of the Plantation Houses of the Alabama Canebrake and Their Associated Outbuildings Multiple Property Submission.The vernacular Greek Revival structure that exists today is an example of the I-house form with an earlier two-story log dogtrot house incorporated within its weather-boarded exterior.
 Janin [ˈjanin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The Philosophical Quarterly is a quarterly academic journal of philosophy established in 1950. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Scots Philosophical Club and the University of St Andrews. The current editor-in-chief is Tim Mulgan. Every year the journal holds an Essay Prize.
 European Science Editing is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the European Association of Science Editors. The editor-in-chief is Armen Yuri Gasparyan. The journal was established in 1986 and issued three times yearly until 2001 when publication moved to a quarterly schedule.
 Su Chih-fen (Chinese: 蘇治芬; pinyin: Sū Zhìfēn) is a politician in the Republic of China. She currently serves as the Magistrate of Yunlin County since 20 December 2005.
 Harrison Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Harrison Lake is 2.5 miles (4.0 km) long. Near the eastern end of the lake is the Harrison Lake Patrol Cabin which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Entertaining Mr Sloane is a 1970 black comedy film directed by Douglas Hickox. The screenplay by Clive Exton is based on the 1964 play of the same title by Joe Orton. This was the second adaptation of the play the first having been developed for British television and telecast by ITV on 15 July 1968.
 The Capt. Timothy Johnson House is a historic late First Period house at 18—20 Stevens Street in North Andover Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame gambrel-roofed house was built c. 1720 by Timothy Johnson a leading Andover resident who led Massachusetts troops in the 1745 Siege of Louisbourg.
 Revealing is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer featuring George Adams Cecil McBee and Doug Hammond recorded in 1977 and released on the In + Out label. The album marks the first recording by the guitarist but was not wideley issued outside Europe before 1990.
 Chronopolis is a 1982 science fiction film directed by Polish animator Piotr Kamler with music composed by Luc Ferrari and narration by Michael Lonsdale. It was Kamler's first and only full length film. The film won Best Children's Film for 1982 and was nominated for the International Fantasy Film Award in 1983. The film was shown out of competition at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.
 Horsey Mere is one of the Norfolk Broads in the east of England; it is one of the more northerly broads close to the North Sea coast.It is reached by Hickling Broad and the River Thurne. The nearest settlements are Horsey and West Somerton.Horsey Mere is a Site of Special Scientific Interest owned by the National Trust as is Horsey Windpump.
 Sara (Persian: سارا) is a 1992 motion picture directed by Dariush Mehrjui.
 This article concerns a musical album. For the magician see Sim Sala Bim.Simsalabim is the second album by stoner rock quartet The Mushroom River Band. It was released in 2002 and contains ten tracks.
 The Warwick Daily Times was a daily newspaper covering Warwick Rhode Island USA although its offices are in West Warwick. It is owned by RISN Operations Inc.The Daily Times was founded in 2006 as a companion to the Kent County Daily Times also based in West Warwick which covers the other four towns of Kent County Rhode Island.
 The Journal of Child Neurology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of Pediatric neurology. The editor-in-chief is Roger A. Brumback (Creighton University). The journal was established in 1986 and is published by Sage Publications.
 Satyricon (or Satyrica) is a Latin work of fiction in a mixture of prose and poetry (prosimetrum). It is believed to have been written by Gaius Petronius though the manuscript tradition identifies the author as a certain Titus Petronius.
 Nannopterix is a genus of small primitive metallic moths in the Micropterigidae family.
 This article is for the lake in the Boundary Country near Greenwood. For the Davis Lake near Mission and Stave Lake see Davis Lake Provincial Park.Davis Lake is a lake in the Interior of British Columbia. It lies at the head of Davis Creek just north of the town of Kettle Valley British Columbia.
 The Surprises of the Superhuman is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first bookof poetry Harmonium. Itwas first published in 1918 so it is in the publicdomain.This poem was Section V of the poem-sequence Lettres d'un Soldat(1918). It was extracted as The Surprises of the Superhuman for thesecond edition of Harmonium along with Negation; the two poemsadjoin each other near the end of the book. Both poems reflectStevens's reading of Nietzsche.
 The high-spired elimia scientific name †Elimia hartmaniana was a species of freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae. This species was endemic to the United States. It is now extinct.
 The Near Eastern fire salamander or arouss al ayn (Salamandra infraimmaculata) is a species of salamander in the family Salamandridae found in Iran Iraq Israel Lebanon Syria and Turkey. Its natural habitats are subtropical dry shrubland and forests often near rivers and freshwater springs. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Myth of the Rational Voter: Why Democracies Choose Bad Policies is a 2007 book written by Bryan Caplan challenging the notion that voters are reasonable people that society can trust to make laws. Rather Caplan contends that voters are irrational in the political sphere and have systematically biased ideas concerning economics.
 Sheykhalijan (Persian: شيخعلي جان‎ also Romanized as Sheykh‘alījān; also known as Sheykhlajān) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Les Misérables is one of many filmed versions of the Victor Hugo novel of the same name. It was a silent film directed by Frank Lloyd co-written by Lloyd and Marc Robbins and produced by William Fox released in the United States on December 3 1917. It starred William Farnum Hardee Kirkland and George Moss.
 The Hula River is a tributary of the Bălăteasa River in Romania.
 Platycheirus clypeatus is a species of hoverfly. It is found in most parts of Britain and Europe. The larvae feed on aphids. Adults are usually found on the edges of woodland or scrub heath or along hedgerows where they visit a wide range of flowers.
 Before Their Eyes is the first studio album by Before Their Eyes released in 2007 under the label Rise Records. The cover design is an original artwork by Derek Hess.
 Latham United Methodist Church is a historic church building on the east side of Highway 59 in Latham Alabama. It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 St. Paul's Roman Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church at 510 Middle Street in New Bern North Carolina within the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Raleigh.It was built in 1841 and added to the National Register in 1972. The church also hosts St. Paul Catholic School.
 Sleep It Off Lady originally published in late 1976 by André Deutsch of Great Britain was famed Dominican author Jean Rhys' final collection of short stories. The sixteen stories in this collection stretch over an approximate 75-year period starting from the end of the nineteenth century (November 1899) to the present time of writing (circa 1975).The back of the first UK edition cover features a tribute from A.
 Aacharya is an Indian Tamil language film released in 2006.
 Chakan (Persian: چكن‎ also Romanized as Chākan) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 17 families.
 Free is the second album by English rock group Free recorded and released in 1969. The band had spent time touring after their debut album Tons of Sobs the previous year and there is a marked difference in the musicianship of the band as well as Paul Rodgers's voice. Whereas Tons of Sobs had been produced by Guy Stevens Free was produced by the head of Island Records Chris Blackwell.
 Château de Castillon is a château in Landes Aquitane France. It is built in the Louis XIII 18th century style.
 Soul Rush: The Odyssey of a Young Woman of the '70s is an autobiography written by Sophia Collier. The book describes the author's personal spiritual development during the 1970s and experimentation with drugs and Eastern spiritual practices. After going on a spiritual journey Collier returned home to write the book in 1976 and sold it at the age of nineteen. The book was published by William Morrow & Co. in 1978.
 They Still Call Me Bruce is a 1987 comedy action film starring Johnny Yune. The film is a sequel to the 1982 film They Call Me Bruce?.
 Cima Benta is a mountain in the Brenta group (It.: Dolomiti di Brenta) a subgroup of the Rhaetian Alps in the Italian Region of Trentino-Alto Adige with a reported height of 3150 metres (10330 ft)) The mountain rises imposingly up between the rock towers and pinnacles of the central Brenta Group. A sharp ridge connects the mountain on its southern side to the Spallone die Massodi. The northern ridge steeply descends towards Bocca del Tuckett.
 Conus pennaceus common name the feathered cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.There are two subspecies : Conus pennaceus behelokensis Lauer 1989 Conus pennaceus echo Lauer 1988↑ ↑ 2.0 2.1 ↑ ↑
 A Força Verde is the fifth solo album by Brazilian singer/guitarist Zé Ramalho. It was released in 1982.
 Rembert Church (Rembert Methodist Church) is a historic church in Woodrow South Carolina.It was built in 1835 and added to the National Register in 1975.
 Looking for Anne of Green Gables: The Story of L.M. Montgomery and her Literary Classic is a dual biography of Anne Shirley and her creator L.M. Montgomery. Anne of Green Gables is a 1908 children’s novel which has been read by over fifty million readers and translated into over thirty-five languages. The author reconstructs the development of Anne Shirley the main character in Montgomery's novel.The book is researched and written by biographer Irene Gammel.
 The Straw Underwing (Thalpophila matura) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed throughout Europe.This species has a wingspan of 38–46 mm. The forewings are dark brown often variegated with paler and reddish patches and usually with prominent whitish postterminal fascia. The hindwings are very distinctive pale straw-coloured with a broad blackish band at the margin.
 Bądzyn [ˈbɔnd͡zɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Lubowidz 5 km (3 mi) north-west of Żuromin and 126 km (78 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Room is a 2010 coming-of-age novel by Irish-Canadian author Emma Donoghue. The story is told from the perspective of a five-year-old boy Jack who is being held captive in a small room along with his mother.
 Mothertime is a British film.
 Land of Unreason is a fantasy novel written by Fletcher Pratt and L. Sprague de Camp. It was first published in the fantasy magazine Unknown Worlds for October 1941 as The Land of Unreason. Revised and expanded it was first published in book form by Henry Holt and Company in 1942. It has been reprinted numerous times since by various publishers most notably by Ballantine Books in January 1970 as the tenth volume of the Ballantine Adult Fantasy series.
 Once Upon a Time in China is a Hong Kong film franchise directed written and produced by Tsui Hark. The stories are based on the life of Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung who is portrayed by Jet Li in the first three films and Vincent Zhao in the fourth and fifth films.
 Feast Food & Love also known as Party Food & Love is a cookbook co-compiled by Swedish author Camilla Läckberg and chef Christian Hellberg.
 The Sunny Side of the Street is an album recorded by John Lithgow released in 2006.
 Miomantis tangana is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea.
 Waarder is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is a part of the former municipality of Reeuwijk and lies about 5 km southwest of Woerden.In 2001 the village of Waarder had 1143 inhabitants.
 The Landrum's Hamburger System No. 1 at 1300 S. Virginia St. in Reno Nevada was built in 1947. It is a Moderne style building that has also been known as Chili Cheez Cafe. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Hayden Mountain Summit (el. 4705 ft.) is a mountain pass in the U.S. state of Oregon traversed by Oregon Route 66.
 Dr. Miklós Baranyai (1934–1997) was a Hungarian physician and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Hatvan (Heves County Constituency IV) between 1990 and 1994.
 The Lower Lake or Chhota Talaab is a lake in Bhopal the capital of Madhya Pradesh state of India. Along with the Upper Lake it forms the Bhoj Wetland.
 Soup is an EP recorded by Canadian rock band Heavy Jack at Turtle Studios in White Rock BC. Soup was recorded live in one session in 2006. The album artwork was designed by Duke Floss.
 Qalaychi (Persian: قلايچي‎ also Romanized as Qalāychī) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 23 families.
 PeerJ is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in the biological and medical sciences. It is published by a company of the same name that was co-founded by publisher Peter Binfield (formerly at PLOS ONE) and CEO Jason Hoyt (formerly at Mendeley) with financial backing of USD 950000 from O'Reilly Media and O'Reilly AlphaTech Ventures.
 Pelagielloidea is an extinct superfamily of Paleozoic fossil molluscs of uncertain position either (Gastropoda or Monoplacophora).
 The Minnesota Soldiers' Home later known as the Minnesota Veterans Home in Minneapolis is an old soldiers' home near Minnehaha Falls in Minneapolis Minnesota. After the American Civil War and the devastation that it caused there was sentiment that the United States should provide care for its veterans. The Minnesota Legislature authorized the establishment of the Soldiers' Home in 1887 as a reward to the brave and deserving. Construction began the following year in 1888.
 The Adversary is the first album by Australian deathcore band Thy Art Is Murder. The album was released on July 16 2010 through Skull And Bone Records. It is the first release to feature vocalist Chris CJ McMahon and last release to feature guitarist Gary Markowski and bassist Mick Low. Guitarist Sean Delander will replace Mick Low on bass and Andy Marsh and Tom Brown joined as the new guitarists on the album Hate.
 Fashion Island is an upscale open-air lifestyle center in Newport Beach California . Fashion Island is owned by The Irvine Company.
 X Rated is a Studio Album by Canadian dubstep producer Jeff Abel also known as Excision. The X Rated album was released on September 12th 2011 through Canadian Electro House producer deadmau5's record label Mau5trap Recordings. On September 3rd 2012 a remix album for the X Rated album was released.
 The Young Teacher (청춘교사 - Cheongchun gyosa) is a 1972 South Korean family drama film which is recognized as the first film released in the VHS format.
 Zion Evangelical Lutheran Church Cemetery is a historic Evangelical Lutheran cemetery and national historic district located near Speedwell Wythe County Virginia. The cemetery includes approximately 250-300 total gravestones. Forty two of the stones have dates ranging from the 1790s to 1840 but all were carved between about 1835 to 1840.
 Rąbczyn [ˈrɔmpt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszków within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Raszków 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Asianblue is the seventh album by Emm Gryner released in 2002 on Gryner's independent Dead Daisy Records.Asianblue was nominated for Pop Album of the Year at the 2003 Juno Awards but lost to Avril Lavigne's Let Go.
 Forest Lake Shopping Centre (formerly Forest Lake Village) is a shopping mall located in Forest Lake Queensland Australia. The centre first opened in 1997 and underwent significant changes in 2011 with the closure of Sam's Warehouse and addition of Coles. A Target store was also constructed on the southern end of the centre.
 John Hearn (January 4 1827 – May 17 1894) was an Irish-born businessman and political figure in Quebec. He represented Quebec West in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1867 to 1877 Stadacona division in the Legislative Council of Quebec from 1877 to 1892 and Quebec West in the Canadian House of Commons from 1892 to 1894 as a Conservative member.He was born in Waterford the son of Thomas Hearn and Catherine Power and was educated at Meagher’s Academy in Ireland.
 Colostethus mystax is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Flutterby is the debut album by Australian singer/songwriter Butterfly Boucher first released in 2003.
 The Badge is a 2002 mystery-thriller film directed by Robby Henson and stars Billy Bob Thornton Patricia Arquette and William Devane.
 Kvaløy Church (Norwegian: Kvaløy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Kaldfjord on the island of Kvaløya. The church is part of the Kvaløy parish in the Tromsø arch-deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1962 and it seats about 260 people. The building was designed by the architect Gunnar B. Haugen.
 Karmic Mahjong (simplified Chinese: 血战到底; traditional Chinese: 血戰到底; pinyin: xùe zhàn dào dǐ) is a 2006 Chinese comedy film directed by Wang Guangli. It stars Francis Ng as a mechanic from Chengdu plagued by bad luck and Cherrie Ying as a young woman who appears to share the same affliction. The film also features cameos by the prominent Chinese directors Wang Xiaoshuai and Jia Zhangke.
 Almost-a-Dog Mountain (8922 ft (2719 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The mountain is named for a Blackfoot warrior Almost A Dog or Imazí-imita who was a survivor of the 1870 Marias Massacre. Although his entire family perished in the attack he survived but was crippled for life. He also survived the so-called Winter of Starvation in 1883-84.
 Breathturn (German: Atemwende) is a 1967 German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan.
 Praeactinocamax plenus is an extinct Cephalopoda. Its fossils are found in the Cenomanian. It has been described by Blainville in 1827 under the name Belemnites plenus. In 1997 it was recombined as Praeactinocamax plenus by Kostak.
 The Marbled Wren-babbler (Napothera marmorata) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Charles-Mathias Simons (27 March 1802 in Bitburg – 5 October 1874) was a Luxembourgian politician and jurist. He was the third Prime Minister of Luxembourg serving for seven years from 1853 until 1860.He received his Doctorate of Laws in 1823 from the University of Liège. The year after he registered at the bar of the court of first instance of Diekirch. In 1831 he was a delegate at the Belgian National Congress in Brussels and helped to draft the new Belgian constitution.
 Myomyscus is a genus of rodent. Species in this genus are often placed in the genus Myomys Thomas 1915 but the type specimen for Myomys is actually a Mastomys. Other species that had been previously assigned to Myomys are now considered to belong to the genera Praomys and Stenocephalemys.
 Nema kajanja (English translation: No Regrets) is a studio album by Bosniak singer Hanka Paldum featuring the band Južni Vetar. It was released in 1985.
 Somnath Chatterjee (Bengali: সোমনাথ চট্টোপাধ্যায়; born July 25 1929) is an Indian politician who had been associated with the Communist Party of India (Marxist) for most of his life though he is currently an independent. He was the Speaker of the Lok Sabha (House of the People) from 2004 to 2009.
 The Largul River is a tributary of the Izvorul River in Romania.
 Rosa Rosie Gumataotao Rios (born July 17 1965) is the 43rd and current Treasurer of the United States. She is the sixth Latina to occupy the office the third consecutive Californian the third consecutive Hispanic female to do so and following Anna Escobedo Cabral is the second consecutive Mexican-American to hold office.As U.S.
 Anything Else is a 2003 romantic comedy film. The film was written and directed by Woody Allen produced by his sister Letty Aronson and stars Jason Biggs Christina Ricci Woody Allen Stockard Channing Danny DeVito Jimmy Fallon and KaDee Strickland.Anything Else was the opening-night selection at the 60th annual Venice International Film Festival.
 Northern Marble (Euchloe creusa) is a species of butterfly that occurs in northern North America.It is mostly white with black markings on the topside of the forewing tips and body. The underside has greenish-grey veins especially in the hindwing.Wing span is from 24 to 36 mm.Flight season in North America is from late May to mid-July.Larvae on Draba and Cruciferae.
 Oh My God Charlie Darwin is the third studio album by American indie folk band The Low Anthem self-released in 2008 and re-released on June 29 2009 on Nonesuch Records and Bella Union.
 The Ambassador's Daughter is a 1956 romantic comedy film starring Olivia de Havilland and John Forsythe.
 Inter Scaldes is a restaurant located in Kruiningen in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin stars from 1977 to 1983 and two stars from 1984 up until now. GaultMillau awarded them 19.50 points (out of 20).Restaurant Inter Scaldes earned its second star in 1984 under the leadership of head chef Maartje Boudeling.
 Fremont County Courthouse in St. Anthony Idaho was built in 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Izvorul Nistorului and Izvorul Bătrânei.
 Andarik (Persian: اندريك‎ also Romanized as Andarīk Anderīk and Andark) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 510 in 147 families.
 Dr. Fabian: Laughing Is the Best Medicine (originally Dr. med. Fabian — Lachen ist die beste Medizin) is a 1969 West German film directed by Harald Reinl.
 El gran premio (The Grand Prize) is a 1957 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Odd Apocalypse (2012) is the fifth thriller novel in the Odd Thomas series by American writer Dean Koontz.
 Trabolgan (foaled 1 June 1998) is a retired Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in National Hunt racing. In a racing career which was seriously disrupted by injuries and other health problems he won five times from seventeen starts between December 2002 and March 2010. After showing promising but unremarkable form in his early career he showed great improvement when switched to steeplechasing in the autumn of 2004.
 The Tulane Journal of Law & Sexuality (Bluebook abbreviation; Tul. J. L. & Sex.) is a student-edited law review published by Tulane University Law School. It covers issues surrounding the LGBT community and publishes the winning article of the annual National LGBT Bar Association Michael Greenberg Student Writing Competition.
 Cerace diehli is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea and on Sumatra.
 The Bells is a 1911 Australian feature length film directed by W.J. Lincoln. It is based on the famous stage melodrama by Erckmann-Chatrian adapted by Leopold Lewis which had been adapted for the Australian stage by Lincoln.It is considered a lost film.
 The Misty Miss Christy is a 1956 studio album by June Christy. Christy sings several jazz standards along with a few lesser-known tunes all arranged by Pete Rugolo who also conducted the orchestra which actually consisted of different combinations of musicians assembled on different recording dates with some overlap. The album was originally released on the Capitol Records label and reissued on Discovery Records and later on CD by Blue Note Records.
 Disco Six Six Six is a rock EP by Girls Against Boys. It was released on October 1 1996 by Touch & Go.
 Mesen (Persian: مسن‎ also Romanized as Masen; also known as Mesīn and Misin) is a village in Armand Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1126 in 231 families.
 N. Sankariah is an Indian politician. He is the central committee member of Communist Party of India (Marxist). He was elected to Tamil Nadu legislative assembly twice from the Madurai West constituency in 1967 and from Madurai East constituency in 1977 and 1980. He unsuccessfully contested the 1962 and 1957 elections from Madurai East constituency.
 Agni Sanskaram is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
 Don Juan (Czech: Don Šajn) is a 1969 Czechoslovak short film by Jan Švankmajer based on traditional Czech puppet plays of the Don Juan legend.
 The Beauty and the Tragedy is a demo album by the American alternative rock band The Age of Information known then as 'Trading Yesterday'.
 Hamevasser ('The Herald') was a Zionist Hebrew-language weekly newspaper published from Constantinople 1909-1911. As the number of Hebrew literates was limited at the time the circle of readership of the newspaper was rather limited. However the publication of the newspaper contributed to enhancing the status of Hebrew in the Jewish community. Hamevasser was distributed in various parts of the Ottoman empire and beyond reaching Greece Bulgaria Tunisia and Morocco.
 Verney Lake (French: Lac Verney) is a lake at Aosta Valley Italy. At an elevation of 2088 m its surface area is 0.203 km².
 Sigapatella tenuis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calyptraeidae the slipper snails Chinese hat snails and cup-and-saucer snails. It is found in New Zealand. The shell of this species is 6 mm in size.
 William Cochran McCauslen (1796 - March 13 1863) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.McCauslen was born near Steubenville Ohio and attended the public schools. After he studied law he was admitted to the bar and practiced in Steubenville. He was a law partner of Secretary of War Stanton. He served as member of the State house of representatives in 1829 1830 1832 and 1833.
 Karaatlı Söke is a village in the District of Söke Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 70 people.
 The Tree Bat (Ardops nichollsi) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is monotypic within the genus Ardops.[citation needed] It is found in Dominica Guadeloupe Martinique Montserrat Netherlands Antilles Saint Lucia Saba and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
 SS. Cyril and Methodius in Lemont (Polish: Kościół Świętego Cyryla i Metodego) - historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago located in Lemont Illinois. It is a prime example of the so-called 'Polish Cathedral style' of churches in both its opulence and grand scale. It is along with the Hindu Temple of Greater Chicago one of two monumental religious edifices that dominates the Lemont skyline.
 Walter Leonard Cole (died 26 April 1943) was an Irish merchant and politician in the early twentieth century. Prior to the foundation of the Irish Free State he was an alderman for a period. An active republican he was a founding director of the Sinn Féin Printing & Publishing Company.
 Henry V. Rayhons (born August 5 1936) is the Iowa State Representative from the 8th District. A Republican he has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 1997 representing the 16th District from 1997 to 2003 and the 11th District from 2003 to 2013. Rayhons was born in Garner Iowa.As of January 2013 Rayhons serves on several committees in the Iowa House - the Local Government Public Safety and Transportation Affairs committees.
 The Case of Becky is a lost 1921 silent film drama based on a successful 1912 David Belasco and Edward J. Locke written play The Case of Becky. Belasco also produced the play. The play starred Belasco's muse Frances Starr. This film was produced by Realart Pictures and released through Paramount Pictures. It is a remake of a 1915 film of the same title starring Blanche Sweet.
 Tarantula is an experimental prose poetry collection by Bob Dylan written between 1965 and 1966. It employs stream of consciousness writing somewhat in the style of Jack Kerouac William S. Burroughs and Allen Ginsberg.
 Seven Days in New Crete also known as Watch the North Wind Rise is a seminal future-utopian speculative fiction novel by Robert Graves first published in 1949. It shares many themes and ideas with Graves' The White Goddess published a year earlier.
 Bradley Hospital is a non-profit hospital in East Providence Rhode Island Rhode Island in the Riverside neighborhood. In 1929 the hospital was founded as the nation's first neuropsychiatric hospital for children.
 Bombus breviceps is a species of bumblebee.
 Mirosternus maurus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Alov Kandi (Persian: علوكندي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alov Kandī) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 5 families.
 Early Abstractions is a collection of seven short animated films created by Harry Everett Smith between 1939 and 1956. Each film is between two and six minutes long and is named according to the chronological order in which it was made.
 Meterythrosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Meterythrosia sangala which is found in Guatemala.
 Cymatiella verrucosa is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 The Guariviara River is a river of Panama.
 Bon Kuh-e Sofla (Persian: بنكوه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Bon Kūh-e Soflá; also known as Bon Kūh Pā’īn and Ponkūh) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 99 in 21 families.
 For the 1924 feature film about Lincoln directed by Phil Rosen and written by Frances Marion see The Dramatic Life of Abraham Lincoln.Abraham Lincoln (1924) is a short film made in the Phonofilm sound-on-film process. The film was directed by J. Searle Dawley produced by Lee DeForest is based on the 1918 play Abraham Lincoln by John Drinkwater and stars Frank McGlynn Sr. as Lincoln.
 James Jim Ferlo (born June 19 1952) is a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate who has represented the 38th Senatorial District since 2003. His district consists of parts of Allegheny Westmoreland and Armstrong counties.
 Lt. Colonel Fidelis Makka (born 21 December 1950) was Military Governor of Benue State Nigeria from 21 July 1988 to 2 January 1992 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.
 Double Trouble (トラブル・ダブルフェイス Trouble Double Face) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Takashi Kanzaki. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga on January 29 2009.
 Pedar (Persian:پدر ) is a 1996 Iranian film by director Majid Majidi. It won a number of awards at film festivals both within Iran and internationally. The word pedar means father in English.
 Samuel S. Co or Sammy Co is a mayor of Pagadian City Republic of the Philippines from 2004-2013. He had also served as city councilor of Pagadian for three terms.
 Tokushima Prefectural Museum (徳島県立博物館 Tokushima Kenritsu Hakubutsukan) is a prefectural museum in Tokushima Japan dedicated to the nature archaeology history folklore and art of Tokushima Prefecture. It first opened in 1959 and reopened in new premises in 1990.
 Limnaecia ochrozona is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Cyborg is a book written in 1987 by William F. Wu. It is part of the series Isaac Asimov's Robot City which are inspired by Isaac Asimov's Robot series and his Foundation novels.
 The James Sheeley House is an Italianate building in Chippewa Falls Wisconsin United States. Originally used as a boarding house it is currently a restaurant.
 Rissoa variabilis common name the variable risso is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Storm the Gates of Hell is the fourth studio album by Christian metal band Demon Hunter released on November 6 2007.
 Kirkus Reviews (or Kirkus Media) is an American book review magazine founded in 1933 by Virginia Kirkus (1893–1980).
 The Unstrut is a river in eastern Germany and a left tributary of the Saale. It originates in northern Thuringia near Dingelstädt (west of Kefferhausen in the Eichsfeld area) and its catchment area is the whole of the Thuringian Basin. It breaks out of the basin through the Thuringian Gate west of Heldrungen and in its lower reaches flows through Saxony-Anhalt before emptying into the Saale near Naumburg. The total length of the Unstrut is 192 kilometres (119 mi).
 Seaton is a historic home located near South Boston Halifax County Virginia. It was built in 1856-1857 and is a 1 1/2-story gable roofed wood frame dwelling set on a stone and brick foundation in the Gothic Revival style. It was enlarged by a 2 1/2-story addition and kitchen wing in 1887. Also on the property is a contributing carriage shed and shed.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Sharon Prost (born May 24 1951 in Newbury Massachusetts) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Prost was nominated to that court by President George W. Bush on May 21 2001 to fill a seat vacated by Judge S. Jay Plager. The U.S. Senate confirmed Prost's confirmation on September 21 2001 by a vote of 97-0.
 The Spire is a 1964 novel by the English author William Golding. A dark and powerful portrait of one man's will it deals with the construction of the 404-foot high spire loosely based on Salisbury Cathedral; the vision of the fictional Dean Jocelin. In this novel William Golding utilises stream of consciousness writing with an omniscient but increasingly fallible narrator.
 Happiness Never Comes Alone (French: Un bonheur n'arrive jamais seul) is a 2012 French romantic comedy film directed by James Huth and starring Gad Elmaleh Sophie Marceau and Maurice Barthélémy. Written by James Huth and Sonja Shillito the film is about a young jazz musician who enjoys seducing young women.
 Stenalia obscuripennis is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1955 by Ermisch.
 Karniszewo [karniˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieleszyn within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Mieleszyn 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Gniezno and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ganjab (Persian: گنجاب‎ also Romanized as Ganjāb and Ganj Āb) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 158 in 41 families.
 Yakhfervazan (Persian: يخفروزان‎ also Romanized as Yakhfervazān Yakhfarvazān and Yakh Forūzān) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 503 in 127 families.
 Dürrnbachhorn is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.It is located on the Austrian border beside the town of Reit im Winkl in the district of Traunstein in the federal-state of Bavaria. On the Austrian side lies the town of Unken in the district of Zell am See Salzburg.There is a chairlift from Winklmoos-Alm at a height of 1 190 m to Dürrnbacheck at a height of 1 610 m above sea level.
 2 Days in Paris is a 2007 Franco-German romantic comedy-drama film written produced and directed by Julie Delpy who also edited the film composed the soundtrack and played the leading female role.
 Yusefabad (Persian: يوسف اباد‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād and Yūsofābād; also known as Maḩalleh-ye Mojāver-e Ḩeşār) is a village in Guney-ye Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 92 families.
 The Neely Mansion a Victorian style residence built in 1894 is located near the eastern edge of Auburn King County Washington. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places and the Washington State Heritage Register. From the 1950s to the 1970s the building deteriorated severely until local citizens moved to save and restore the building.
 Siomki [ˈɕɔmki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Wola Krzysztoporska 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Desh Bhakta is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Sailcat was an American rock band that was signed with Elektra Records in the early 1970s and best known for the hit song Motorcycle Mama.
 Copelatus consimilis is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Bilardo & Rocchi in 2002.
 The Gardner River (also known as the Gardiner River) is a tributary of the Yellowstone River approximately 25 miles (40 km) long in northwestern Wyoming and south central Montana in the United States. The entire river is located within Yellowstone National Park. It rises on the slope of Joseph Peak Gallatin Range in the northwestern part of the park and winds southeast through Gardner's Hole a broad subalpine basin which is a popular trout fishing location.
 Freak of Nature is the second studio album by American recording artist Anastacia released on November 23 2001 by Epic Records. The album was primarily produced by Ric Wake Sam Watters and Louis Biancaniello with additional production from Richie Jones. The album debuted and peaked at number twenty-seven on the US Billboard 200 while reaching number four in the United Kingdom and number one in Belgium Denmark Germany the Netherlands Norway Sweden and Switzerland.
 Holiday is Roberta Flack's second holiday album although it is just a re-release of her previous Christmas album from 1997 minus the song As Long as There's Christmas.
 Mease Dunedin Hospital is a hospital in Dunedin Florida.
 Laeste is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Saueaugu is a village in Väätsa Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 Baron Alexander von Bach (German: Alexander Freiherr von Bach; 4 January 1813 Loosdorf Austria - 12 November 1893 Schöngrabern Austria) was an Austrian politician. His most notable achievement was instituting a system of centralized control at the beginning of the reign of Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria.
 The Mayville Historic District is a 50.3-acre (20.4 ha) historic district in Mayville North Dakota. It includes works of significance during 1889-1930. It includes Late 19th and Early 20th Century American Movements Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals and Late Victorian architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 10 Years of Cheap Fame is the fifth and last album by 28 Days.10 Years of Cheap Fame features several hit release singles from previous 28 Days albums drawing especially from Upstyledown.
 The White Ship (Russian: Belyy parokhod) is a 1976 Soviet drama film directed by Bolotbek Shamshiyev. It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Disneymania 3 is the third album released in the Disneymania series. The album was released on February 15 2005 and was certified Gold soon after. It peaked at #30 on the Billboard 200 one spot behind its predecessor Disneymania 2.
 cultural geographies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research and commentaries on the cultural appropriation and politics of nature environment place and space. The journal was established in 1994 and is published by Sage Publications.
 The Very Rev Frederick Brodie MacNutt (1873–1949) was an eminent Anglican priest and author in the first half of the 20th century.Born on 26 September 1873 Fredereick Brodie MacNutt was educated at St Paul’s and Trinity College Cambridge. He was ordained in 1898 and began his career with curacies at Holy Trinity Beckenham and St James Piccadilly. After this he was Curate-in-Charge of Christ Church Wimbledon then Vicar at St John’s Cheltenham and St Matthew’s Surbiton.
 Monomorium effractor is a species of insect in family Formicidae. It is endemic to India.
 Collar the Lot! How Britain Interned & Expelled its Wartime Refugees is a book by Peter Gillman and Leni Gillman. It is a detailed account of British internment policy during the Second World War.At first the British government took a relaxed attitude to the tens of thousands of enemy aliens most of them refugees who had found sanctuary in Britain from the Nazis.
 The Danger Mark is a lost 1918 silent film directed by Hugh Ford and starring Elsie Ferguson. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a play by Robert W. Chambers.
 Ectoedemia argyropeza is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is a widespread species with a Holarctic distribution. It is found in most of Europe as well as North America. In Russia it is found in Leningrad Moscow Kaluga Tatarstan and Kalinigrad. It is also known from north-eastern China.The wingspan is 7 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June. It is a parthenogenetic species with males being extremely rare.The larvae feed on Populus tremula and Populus tremuloides (ssp. downesi).
 The Hotel Syracuse is a historic hotel built in 1924 and located at 500 South Warren Street Syracuse New York. It closed in 2004 and currently sits vacant.
 The Ditty Bops is the self-titled debut album by the folk/swing band The Ditty Bops. Released on Warner Bros. Records in 2004 it features a cover of the old standard Sister Kate.Five tracks from this album were featured on the television show Grey's Anatomy (Walk Or Ride Wishful Thinking Sister Kate There's a Girl and Wake Up).
 Love Fiction (Hangul: 러브 픽션; RR: Leobeu Piksieon) is a 2012 South Korean romantic comedy film written and directed by Jeon Kye-soo and starring Ha Jung-woo and Gong Hyo-jin.
 Bratmobile had a BBC live broadcast with John Peel on July 1993 and was issued the following year as The Peel Session CD EP.
 All I Want is the first solo studio album by The Reverb Junkie - producer moniker for musician Michelle Chamuel. The album was entirely self-produced and released by The Reverb Junkie on September 10 2013. The album peaked at #6 on the Billboard Dance/Electronic Albums Chart for the week of September 28 2013. A music video of the album's first track All I Want was released following the album's release.
 Bury the Hatchet is a documentary film directed by Aaron Walker. The film is a portrait of the Mardi Gras Indians of New Orleans.
 Twenty Days Without War (Russian: Двадцать дней без войны Dvadtsat dney bez Voyny) is a 1976 Soviet film based on a story by Konstantin Simonov directed by Aleksey German and starring Yuri Nikulin and Lyudmila Gurchenko.
 Gugjeh (Persian: گوگجه‎ also Romanized as Gūgjeh and Gowgjeh; also known as Gogjeh Gowg Tappeh and Gowjeh) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 383 in 74 families.
 A Dot Of Black In The Blue Of Your Bliss is the second solo album of Norwegian band a-ha's Magne Furuholmen as Magne F.This album was released as a 300 copies limited six-track vinyl EP in February 2008 and then as a regular CD in May 2008.The limited vinyl copies included a special hand painted cover by Magne Furuholmen himself as well as the CD and a poster featuring all the hand painted covers that were part of one bigger artwork.
 Gelechia muscosella the Grey Sallow Groundling is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is widely distributed in Europe (except the Mediterranean region). Outside of Europe it is found in the Caucasus Siberia and the Russian Far East. The habitat consists of damp fenlands and shingle beaches.The wingspan is 14–18 mm. Adults are on wing from mid-June to early September.The larvae feed on Salix and Populus species. They feed in the catkins of their host plant.
 Sæbø is a village in Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located along the Hjørundfjorden in the Bondalen valley. It is about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the mountain Skårasalen.
 Horky nad Jizerou (German: Horka an der Iser) is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 The Glass Lake is a novel by Maeve Binchy. Similar to other Binchy novels this book is set in a rural Irish village in the 1950s as well as London. It is notable as the last of Binchy's novels to be set in the 1950s. The story focuses on Kit McMahon and her relationship with her mother with the story spanning about a decade. In one of Binchy's stronger books she explores the roles of women in Irish society inconstant lovers and uses an operatic plot to hold a reader's attention.
 Azumanga Daioh (あずまんが大王 Azumanga Daiō lit. Great King Azumanga) is a Japanese comedy manga by Kiyohiko Azuma. It was serialized by MediaWorks in the shōnen manga magazine Dengeki Daioh from 1999 to 2002 and collected in four bound volumes.
 The Perijá Metaltail (Metallura iracunda) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is endemic to páramo and elfin forest at high altitudes of the Perijá Mountains in Colombia and Venezuela. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Norman Transcript is a daily newspaper published in Norman Oklahoma USA covering Cleveland and McClain counties in the southern suburbs of Oklahoma City. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.The Norman Transcript is the oldest business in Norman Oklahoma.
 Anoiapithecus is an extinct genus of ape thought to be closely related to Dryopithecus. Both genera lived during the Miocene approximately 12 million years ago. Fossil specimens named by Salvador Moyà-Solà Anoiapithecus brevirostris are known from deposits from Spain.The discoverers describe Anoiapithecus brevirostris as a hominoid (superfamily Hominoidea) in the Dryopithecine tribe.
 The pygmy rabbit (Brachylagus idahoensis) is a North American rabbit and is one of only two rabbit species in America to dig its own burrow. The pygmy rabbit differs significantly from species within either the Lepus (hare) or Sylvilagus (cottontail) genera and is generally considered to be within the monotypic genus Brachylagus. One isolated population the Columbia Basin Pygmy Rabbit is listed as an endangered species by the U.S.
 The Kissimmee River is a river in south-central Florida United States.
 Oswego Yacht Club known now as the McCrobie Civic Center and for a time as the Naval Militia Building is a historic clubhouse building located at Oswego in Oswego County New York. It was built in two phases; the center section was bgeun in 1914 and completed in 1919 as the yacht club. The east and west wings were added in 1949-50 by New York State when the building was occupied as the New York State Naval Militia Armory and U.S. Naval Reserve Training Center.
 Kapur Chal (Persian: كپورچال‎ also Romanized as Kapūr Chāl) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 504 in 144 families.
 Pantages Tower is a condominium and boutique hotel built near the Ed Mirvish Theatre in Toronto Ontario Canada. At 139.6 metres and 45 floors the glass tower was completed in 2003. The Postmodern tower was designed by Moshe Safdie and Core Architects Inc for developers Dundee Corp and Intracorp.Acclaimed British Milliner Nick Smith resided at the hotel for several months in 2006 to write his début novel Rock Royalty: Diary of a Supermodel.
 Four Eyes is an American comic book series published by Image Comics beginning in 2008.
 Year's Best SF 11 (ISBN 0-06-087341-8) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2006. It is the eleventh in the Year's Best SF series.
 Communion is the third album by American jazz trumpeter Roy Campbell and the debut recording with his Pyramid Trio with bassist William Parker and Reggie Nicholson replacing original drummer Zen Matsuura. The album was recorded in 1994 and released on the Swedish Silkheart label. Roy pays tribute to avant-garde jazz musicians Don Cherry Hannibal Marvin Peterson and brothers Don & Albert Ayler.
 On the Prowl is the ninth studio album of Japanese heavy metal band Loudness. It is also their second and last album with American vocalist Mike Vescera before his leaving to join Yngwie Malmsteen's band for the album The Seventh Sign. On the Prowl is mainly a compilation of self-covers of songs from early Loudness' albums containing only three new songs written by the band (♠).
 The Hays Canyon Range is a mountain range in northwest Washoe County Nevada adjacent the California border. The Surprise Valley with its alkali lakes and the Warner Mountains lie to the west.
 Hay Fever is a comic play written by Noël Coward in 1924 and first produced in 1925 with Marie Tempest as the first Judith Bliss. Laura Hope Crews played the role in New York. Best described as a cross between high farce and a comedy of manners the play is set in an English country house in the 1920s and deals with the four eccentric members of the Bliss family and their outlandish behaviour when they each invite a guest to spend the weekend.
 New Tomorrow is the third studio album by the Serbian Irish folk/Celtic rock band Irish Stew of Sindidun released in 2011.The album was released on October 6 available both on CD released by One Records and in a form of multimedia application available for free download from the band's official website.
 British Birds is a monthly ornithology magazine that was established in 1907. It is now published by BB 2000 Ltd which is wholly owned by The British Birds Charitable Trust (registered charity number 1089422) established for the benefit of British ornithology. Its circulation in 2000 was 5250 copies; its circulation peaked at 11000 in the late 1980s.
 An Evening With John Denver is a live album of music that was performed by American singer-songwriter John Denver. It was recorded at the Universal Amphitheatre in Los Angeles California in August and September of 1974. He was backed by an orchestra conducted by Lee Holdridge. Denver's manager Milton Okun was the album's music producer.
 In the Mouth of the Young is the second full-length and first major label album by the band Bullets and Octane. The album was released on April 11 2006 on RCA and produced by Helmet guitarist Page Hamilton. It was the band's first and only release for RCA.The band filmed their music video for the song Caving In from In the Mouth of the Young on October 29 2006.
 The Exquisite Thief is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Tod Browning. Prints of this film survive.
 The Menace is a 1932 American drama film directed by Roy William Neill. The screenplay by Roy Chanslor Dorothy Howell and Charles Logue is based on the 1927 novel The Feathered Serpent by Edgar Wallace.
 The Curtis Culwell Center (formerly the Garland Special Events Center) is an arena and conference center in Garland Texas United States. It opened in 2005 and was designed by HKS Inc. and constructed at a cost of $31.5 million by Lee Lewis Construction with engineering by Walter P. Moore Blum Consulting Engineers and RLK Engineers Inc. The arena has 6800 seats. It is used by the men's basketball teams of the Garland Independent School District.
 Nichijou (日常 Nichijō lit. Every Day) is a Japanese comedy manga by Keiichi Arawi (あらゐ けいいち Arai Keiichi). The manga began serialization in the December 2006 issue of Kadokawa Shoten's manga magazine Shōnen Ace and was also serialized in Comptiq between the March 2007 and July 2008 issues. A 26-episode anime adaptation by Kyoto Animation aired in Japan between April and September 2011. A PlayStation Portable game by Vridge and Kadokawa Games was released in July 2011.
 Youth of the Beast (野獣の青春 Yajū no seishun aka Wild Youth) is a 1963 Japanese yakuza film directed by Seijun Suzuki. Much of the film is set in Tokyo.
 Believers Never Die – Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album by American rock band Fall Out Boy. It was released on November 17 2009 in the United States by Island Records containing all of the songs the band has released as singles throughout their career thus far in chronological order as well as two new songs and two rarities. It is available as a CD or CD/DVD set with music videos. The album features an original wrap-around illustration by artist Daniel Danger.
 Solakovići is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 La Luna (IPA: /laˈluna/ [laˈluːna] The Moon) is a 2011 Pixar computer-animated short film directed and written by Enrico Casarosa. The short premiered on June 6 2011 at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival in France and was paired with Pixar's Brave for its theatrical release on June 22 2012 being shown before the film's beginning.
 The San Francisco Docks is a 1940 film directed by Arthur Lubin.
 Barada is a village in Richardson County Nebraska United States. The population was 24 at the 2010 census. The village was named in honor of the mid-19th-century folk hero Antonine Barada who ran a trading post within the former Nemaha Half-Breed Reservation.
 Vadakkekara is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 The Rough Guide to Irish Music is a world music compilation album originally released in 1996. The fourth release of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album covers both the Republic and The North with an overall focus on tradition and revival. The compilation was produced by Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network.
 Mercers Creek Bay (formerly Belfast Bay) is a large bay in the northeast of Antigua. The settlements of Willikies and Seaton's lie close to the bay which is protected from the Atlantic Ocean by a string of small islands the largest of which is Crump Island.
 Cephalotes palustris is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Tony Tillohash (born on Kaibab Utah) was a Paiute Indian who worked with linguist Edward Sapir to describe the Southern Paiute language.In 1910 Tillohash was removed from his home in Utah to the Carlisle Indian Industrial School in Carlisle Pennsylvania.
 Killuminati 2K11 is a mixtape by American hip-hop group Outlawz hosted by DJ Smallz and DJ Kay Slay released July 14 2011 for free download.
 Gotham by Gaslight is a DC Comics one-shot by Brian Augustyn and Mike Mignola with inks by P. Craig Russell. It spawned a sequel Master of the Future (1991) also written by Augustyn but with art by Eduardo Barreto.Although not originally labeled as such Gotham by Gaslight is considered to be the first Elseworlds story where DC Comics heroes are taken out of their usual setting and put into alternate timelines or realities. Subsequent printings have included the Elseworlds logo.
 Barbie: Mermaidia (alternatively Barbie Fairytopia: Mermaidia) is a 2006 direct-to-video Barbie film directed by Walter P. Martishius and William Lau and produced by Mainframe Entertainment. It is seventh in the Barbie film series of computer-animated Barbie films and a direct sequel to Barbie: Fairytopia. The film stars Kelly Sheridan as the voice of Elina and Chiara Zanni as the voice of Nori.
 The Chill Out Sessions is an extended play consisting of Bring Me the Horizon remixes made by British electronic music producer Draper. After being initially planned to be released on New Year's Day 2012 it was delayed indefinitely by Bring Me the Horizon due to their label situation. However it was released on 22 November 2012 as a free download. The remix EP makes use of Draper's own music style named chill-step or liquid-step as a homage to his ambient relaxing take on dubstep music.
 Blue Moon is the second book in The Immortals series by author Alyson Noël released in July 2009. Blue Moon had spent 12 weeks on the New York Times Bestsellers list for children's books as of October 11 2009.
 The First Men in the Moon is a scientific romance published in 1901 by the English author H. G. Wells who called it one of his fantastic stories. The novel tells the story of a journey to the moon undertaken by the two protagonists a businessman narrator Mr. Bedford and an eccentric scientist Mr. Cavor. Bedford and Cavor discover that the moon is inhabited by a sophisticated extraterrestrial civilization of insect-like creatures they call Selenites.
 The Tacuarí River is a river in Cerro Largo Department Uruguay.
 Dil Ne Phir Yaad Kiya is a 1966 Bollywood film. It stars Dharmendra Nutan Rehman and Jeevan. The music is by Sonik Omi.
 Billy Elliot is a 2000 British drama film written by Lee Hall and directed by Stephen Daldry.
 Lac de Sanetsch (also Lac de Sénin German: Sanetsch See) is a reservoir below Sanetsch Pass in Valais Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.29 km². The Sanetsch dam was built in 1965. The gravity dam has a height of 42 m.
 Plum Island is a 1997 novel by American author Nelson DeMille. It introduces NYPD detective John Corey convalescing on the North Fork of Long Island from gunshot wounds sustained in the line of duty.
 Christmas is a 2004 album by Chris Isaak released on Warner Bros. Records.
 The Hotel Gerard is located in New York New York. The building was designed by George Keister and built in 1893. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 10 1983.
 Holy Ghost People is a 2013 American psychological thriller directed by Mitchell Altieri and written by Kevin Artigue Joe Egender Altieri and Phil Flores. It stars Emma Greenwell as a woman who goes in search of her missing sister who has joined an isolated religious group.
 Grabowo [ɡraˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Goworowo 13 km (8 mi) south of Ostrołęka and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 240.
 The Centaurus is a mixed use real estate development in the most central location of Islamabad Pakistan. Designed by British architectural firm WS Atkins it comprises three skyscrapers containing corporate offices residential apartments and a 5-star hotel. The tallest skyscrapers in the city have 41 stories and all three are linked by a shopping mall. Interior Design of The Residence and Mall have been designed by ODEION-Turkey. Its estimated cost is $350 million USD.
 Rakkaus tulessa is the thirty-eighth album by Finnish experimental rock band Circle a collaboration with Finnish electronic music pioneer Erkki Kurenniemi. The album was released in July 2011 to coincide with Kurenniemi's seventieth birthday. The vinyl-only album marries together two recordings - vocals by Kurenniemi recorded in 1972 and Krautrock-style music by Circle from 1999.
 That Certain Feeling is a 1956 American comedy film directed by Melvin Frank and starring Bob Hope Eva Marie Saint and George Sanders.
 Ray Stevens...Unreal!!! was the seventh studio album of Ray Stevens and his second for Barnaby Records released in 1970. Two singles (America Communicate With Me and Sunset Strip) were lifted from the album and were moderately successful on the Hot 100 pop singles chart. Each single reached the Top-20 on the Billboard Adult-Contemporary chart indicating that Stevens' appeal even as early as 1970 lay with the adult music buyers rather than the kids and teenagers.
 For other uses see Smilga (disambiguation).Smilga is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 32 kilometres and has a basin area of 208.8 km².It begins near Patranys village at Krakės eldeship. The Smilga river flows to the South-East mostly crossing Josvainiai forest. It joins the Nevėžis River at the city center of Kėdainiai. There is Kėdainiai watering-place at Smilga's lower course.
 True Love is the eighth studio album and ninth album overall by Pat Benatar. It is a jump blues record released in 1991. It peaked at #37 on the U.S. Billboard 200. Pat Benatar recorded the album with Neil Giraldo Myron Grombacher and the Roomful of Blues horn section and drummer.
 The Tapajós (Portuguese: Rio Tapajós [ˈʁi.u tɐpɐˈʒɔs]) is a river in Brazil. It runs through the Amazon Rainforest and is a major tributary of the Amazon River. When combined with the Juruena River the Tapajós is approximately 1200 mi (1900 km) long. For most of its length it runs through Pará State but the upper (southern) part forms the border between Pará and Amazonas State. The source is at the Juruena–Teles Pires river junction.
 Monoliths & Dimensions is the sixth studio album by the avant-garde drone doom band Sunn O))). The album was created and recorded over a period of two years and features the collaborations of composer Eyvind Kang Australian guitar player Oren Ambarchi Hungarian vocalist Attila Csihar Dylan Carlson from the drone band Earth and trombonists Julian Priester and Stuart Dempster.
 Beinn a’ Chroin is a Scottish mountain located six kilometres south of Crianlarich in the Stirling Council area. With a height of 942 metres (3090 feet) it qualifies as a Munro.
 The Fire Engine That Disappeared (Brandbilen som försvann 1969) is the fifth in the 'Martin Beck' detective series by Sjöwall and Wahlöö.
 Pararctia lapponica is a moth of the Arctiinae family. It is found in northern Eurasia and the arctic part of North America.The wingspan is 37–45 mm.The larvae feed on Betula nana Vaccinium uliginosum and Rubus chamaemorus.
 Mailapitiya Upper is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 For the Chancery see Embassy of the United States in DublinThe Deerfield Residence (formerly the Chief Secretary's Lodge) is the official residence of the Ambassador of the United States of America to Ireland. The premises has been the Ambassador's Official Residence since 1927 and was until 1964 the Embassy of the United States of America in Ireland.
 Terebra cinerea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Eight Days a Week is a 1997 comedy film written and directed by Michael Davis. The title is taken from the Beatles song of the same name. The film features Dishwalla's 1996 hit Counting Blue Cars.
 The House at 36 Columbia Drive is a historic home in Tampa Florida at 36 Columbia Drive on Davis Islands. It was built by Herbert Draper a successful realtor during the Florida land boom in 1926 and is an L-shaped hacienda with a three-story open campanile and transom windows. On August 3 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Wiqruqucha (Quechua wiqru twisted bent qucha lake bent lake hispanicized spelling Huegro Cocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huánuco Region Huamalíes Province Chavín de Pariarca District near the village Wiqru (Huegro). Its waters flow to a stream named Qallu (Quechua for tongue hispanicized Gallo Callo) and then to Marañón River.
 Metroland is a soundtrack album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler released on 23 March 1999 by Vertigo Records internationally and Warner Bros. Records in the United States. The album contains music composed for the 1997 film Metroland directed by Philip Saville.
 The Conquest of Space is a nonfiction book written by David Lasser in 1930 and self-published in 1931. It was the first book written in English that presented rocketry and spaceflight in a serious manner. The book profiles a fictional journey to the moon to explain the science of rocketry as it stood in 1931. It uses contemporary knowledge on rockets to create a reasonable description of the hardware necessary to make spaceflight possible.
 Isaac Parsons (January 27 1752 – August 25 1796) was an American planter politician and militia officer in the U.S. state of Virginia (now West Virginia). Parsons served as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates representing Hampshire County from 1789 until his death in 1796. Following an act of the Virginia General Assembly in 1789 Parsons was appointed to serve as a trustee for the town of Romney. In 1790 Parsons began serving as a justice for Hampshire County.
 A Song for Tibet is a 1991 Canadian short documentary film about efforts of Tibetans in exile led by the Dalai Lama to free their homeland and preserve their heritage. Directed by Anne Henderson A Song for Tibet received the Award for Best Short Documentary at the 13th Genie Awards as well as the People's Choice Award for Best Documentary Film at the Hawaii International Film Festival. The film was co-produced by Arcady Films DLI Productions and the National Film Board of Canada.
 The Cipciroj River is a tributary of the Ghezaş River in Romania.
 The Legend of Gator Face is a 1996 Canadian comedy horror feature film written by David Covell Alan Mruvka and Sahara Riley and directed by Vic Sarin. The film first aired as a Showtime Original Pictures for Kids on May 1996. In 1997 it was nominated for a Daytime Emmy. The Legend of Gator Face had a theatrical and television release and is now available on DVD.
 Jeziorko [jɛˈʑɔrkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokrsko within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Mokrsko 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Wieluń and 99 km (62 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Tang-e Chowgan-e Vosta (Persian: تنگ چوگان وسطي‎ also Romanized as Tang-e Chowgān-e Vosţá; also known as Tang-e Chowgān-e Mīānī) is a village in Shapur Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 511 in 113 families.
 The White-brow hawkmoth (Gnathothlibus erotus) is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from India to the south Pacific including Borneo the Cook Islands Papua New Guinea the Philippines and Australia.The wingspan is about 70 mm.
 Yours Truly is the debut studio album by American recording artist Ariana Grande. Formerly titled Daydreamin' the album was released on August 30 2013 through Republic Records. Incorporating R&B pop and soul Yours Truly was influenced by Whitney Houston Amy Winehouse Christina Aguilera and Mariah Carey amongst other of Grande's idols.
 Cardography (1987) is a short story collection by Orson Scott Card. It contains five stories and an introduction by David Hartwell. All five of these stories were later published in Maps in a Mirror
 Lobogenesis trematerrae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Western Cordillera of Colombia.The wingspan is 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish sprinkled and strigulated with dark brown and with dark brown markings. The hindwings are brownish cream strigulated with brownish.
 Lioptilodes altivolans is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes known from Peru. Moths in this species take flight in February and have a wingspan of approximately 18 millimetres. The specific name altivolans refers to the high altitude 4100 metres at which the moths fly.
 Qushchi (Persian: قوشچي‎ also Romanized as Qūshchī; also known as Qūshcheh) is a village in Ijrud-e Pain Rural District Halab District Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 43 families.
 Montfort Hall is a home and registered historic landmark located in the Boylan Heights neighborhood of Raleigh North Carolina. It is one of the few mansions in Raleigh that survived during the American Civil War era. The house was built for William Montfort Boylan in 1858 and is an example of Italianate architecture. The centerpiece of the house's interior is a rotunda supported by four Corinthian columns and lit by a stained glass window located on the roof.
 Cabal is a novel by Michael Dibdin and the third entry in the Aurelio Zen series. When one dark night in November Prince Ludovico Ruspanti fell a hundred and fifty feet to his death in the chapel at St. Peter's Rome there were a number of questions to be answered. The answer the Vatican housekeepers want is rubber-stamped suicide. Zen whose bad luck it is to be on call that night is keen to oblige and return to his girlfriend's bed.
 Bloodbrothers is a novel by Richard Price first published in 1976. It recounts the story of an eighteen-year old boy growing up in a working-class environment. It was adapted into a film of the same title two years later.
 Uzumaki (うずまき Spiral) is a Japanese horror film directed by Higuchinsky. Uzumaki released in 2000 is based on Junji Ito's episodic manga of the same name.The plot concerns a town infected with malevolent spirals.
 Parnassius orleans is a high altitude butterfly which is found in Western China and Tibet? It is a member of the Snow Apollo genus Parnassius of the Swallowtail (Papilionidae) family. It was named after Prince Henri of Orleans who discovered it.
 Alien Encounters is a science fiction anthology comic book published by FantaCo Enterprises and then Eclipse Comics. The comic debuted with FantaCo in 1981 and in 1985 was revived by Eclipse where (starting over from issue 1) it ran for fourteen issues until 1987.Eclipse began publishing the title soon after the cancellation of Alien Worlds a similar science-fiction themed anthology.
 Wimmer's shrew (Crocidura wimmeri) is a white-toothed shrew found only in Côte d'Ivoire. It is listed as a critically endangered species due to habitat loss and a restricted range.
 Bacon Glacier is a glacier in Juneau City and Borough Alaska US close to the Canadian border. It drains into Bacon Creek. The glacier has an elevation of 2611 feet (796 m) and is located at 58.650°N 133.808°W﻿ / 58.650; -133.808. Like many other place names in Alaska Bacon Glacier also reflects the importance of food to the early prospectors and miners who came up with many of those names.
 Street Sounds Hip Hop Electro 12 is the twelfth compilation album in a series and was released 1986 on the StreetSounds label. The album was released on LP and cassette and contains eight electro music and old school hip hop tracks mixed by Herbie Laidley.
 Marx & Lennon: The Parallel Sayings is an anthology of 400 humorous quotes from John Lennon and Groucho Marx on a variety of themes. Quotations are thematically collected in such a way that the top section of a page contains Marx' quotes and the bottom section contains Lennon's. The book is edited by Joey Green and includes an introduction by Arthur Marx and a foreword by Yoko Ono. Including the index it is 254 pages long.
 Man's Search for Happiness is a 13-minute film produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It explains the role of the Plan of Salvation in LDS theology with questions like Who am I? Where did I come from? and Where am I going? being explored from an LDS perspective.This film was produced by the BYU Motion Picture Studio for the Mormon Pavilion at the 1964 World's Fair in New York and was viewed by over five million people many of whom were not LDS.
 The Chinese Pygmy Dormouse (Typhlomys cinereus) is a species of rodent of the Platacanthomyidae family. It is found in China and Vietnam.
 I Got Dreams is an album by American country music artist Steve Wariner. It was released in 1989 via MCA Records. The album includes Where Did I Go Wrong I Got Dreams and When I Could Come Home to You. Where Did I Go Wrong and I Got Dreams were both Number One country hits for him and When I Could Come Home to You peaked at #5.
 Repo Chick is a 2009 comedy film written and directed by Alex Cox. Like Cox's first feature Repo Man it centers on the repossession trade and a mysterious vehicle with a large reward. It is the second of Cox's microfeatures produced for a very low budget and given very little theatrical distribution. Although not a sequel to Repo Man it has been associated with it. It was released on DVD in North America and the United Kingdom in February 2011.
 The narrownose smooth-hound Mustelus schmitti is a houndshark of the family Triakidae found on the continental shelves of the subtropical southwest Atlantic from southern Brazil to northern Argentina between latitudes 30° S and 44° S at depths of from 60 to 195 m. Its length is up to 74 centimetres.Narrownose smooth-hounds feed on crabs and probably other crustaceans and presumably small fishes.
 The National Guard Armory in Columbia Missouri was built as a Works Progress Administration project in 1940. The art deco building on Walnut Street sits on the north side of downtown Columbia. Today the building is owned by the city and used as a youth recreation center.
 Rene Lopez Relampagos (born December 28 1963) is a Filipino politician. He is currently a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines. He is on his first term as representative of the first legislative district of Bohol Philippines being elected congressman in the 2010 elections.
 Aspen Lake is a swampy lake in the Southern Cascade Range just west of Klamath Falls Oregon United States. It is about 5.5 by 3 miles (8.9 by 4.8 km) (2500 acres (10 km2)) in area and located at 4314 ft (1315 m) in altitude off Aspen Rd 56.8 mi (91 km) from the junction of Oregon Route 140 with Oregon Route 62 at White City Oregon.Trout is the primary species for fishing in Aspen Lake.
 Spanish Fort also known as Old Spanish Fort Fort St. Jean and Fort St. John is a historic place in New Orleans Louisiana formerly the site of a fort and later an amusement park.
 His Brother's Ghost is a 1945 American Western film directed by Sam Newfield.
 The Art of Love is the eighth studio album by German singer Sandra released in 2007.The highly anticipated studio album The Art of Love was released in February 2007 entering the 16th position on the German charts. The Album had 3 Singles Released although none of them have received a music video. For the first time Michael Cretu did not work as a producer for the album as he was reportedly busy producing his new Enigma album A posteriori.
 The Hong Kong Space Museum (Chinese: 香港太空館) is a museum of astronomy and space science in Tsim Sha Tsui Hong Kong China. It is managed by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of the Hong Kong Government.
 The James Holes House is a property in Fargo North Dakota United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It was built in 1879 in Italianate style and was designed and/or built by Pray Brothers. The listing included one contributing building on an area of less than 1 acre (0.40 ha).The property was covered in a study of North Side Fargo MRA.
 We Can Remember It for You Wholesale is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Citadel Twilight in 1990 and reprints Volume II of The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick replacing the story Second Variety with We Can Remember It for You Wholesale.
 Warren E. Tolman (born October 23 1959 in Boston Massachusetts) is a Massachusetts lawyer and former member of the Massachusetts General Court serving in both of the Court's houses. He was a candidate for governor of Massachusetts in 2002 but lost the race for the Democratic nomination to Shannon O'Brien.
 Deryni Rising is a historical fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Ballantine Books as the nineteenth volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in August 1970 and was reprinted at least ten times over the next three decades. In 2004 the author released a revised and updated edition of the novel that was published by Ace Books.
 Skęczno [ˈskɛnt͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Zadzim 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Poddębice and 47 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Mushawe River (alternative spelling Mushawi River) is a right-bank tributary of the Mwenezi River in Zimbabwe. It rises in the Nemande mountain area and flows through the Maranda area to join the Mwenezi River dowsntream of Manyuchi Dam Mwenezi District.
 The Căprăria River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 Band of Brothers is the third studio album by American heavy metal supergroup Hellyeah. The album was released on July 17 2012 under record label Eleven Seven Music. Two singles from the album have been released so far; War In Me was released on April 3 2012 and title track Band of Brothers was released on May 8 2012.
 Lake Poinsett is one of the largest lakes in the state of South Dakota.The lake is located northeast of the town of Arlington South Dakota. It was named in honor of the U. S. Secretary of War Joel Poinsett. In 1838 the area was first visited by the expedition of Joseph Nicollet and John Fremont who camped on the lake's north shore. Poinsett was instrumental in promoting the expedition.Shoreside housing developments along the lake comprise the census-designated place of Lake Poinsett.
 The Paltin River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 Sarò libera is the second solo studio album from Emma Marrone published on September 20 2011 by the record Universal. The album is preceded by the homonymous single Sarò Libera released September 2 2011 and subsequently certified Gold disc.The album reached the highest position as the #43 Switzerland in the Swiss Music Charts remaining there for eight weeks and came straight to Number 1 in Italy with the two versions.
 Torii Tadaharu (鳥居 忠春 1624 – September 2 1663) was a Japanese daimyo of the early Edo period who ruled the Takatō Domain in Shinano Province (modern-day Nagano Prefecture). Tadaharu was the 3rd son of Torii Tadamasa the lord of the Yamagata Domain. As his father died before a successor was named from among his sons the Torii family's holdings were confiscated.
 Musa Kuh (Persian: موسي كوه‎ also Romanized as Mūsá Kūh) is a village in Aliyan Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 34 families.
 The Grey-and-white Tyrannulet (Pseudelaenia leucospodia) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Pseudelaenia.[citation needed] It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 Roy Richard Dick Rubottom Jr. (February 13 1912 – December 6 2010) was a United States diplomat most notable for being Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-American Affairs from 1957 to 1960 a post in which he played a major role in engineering the United States' response to the Cuban Revolution.
 Mok Ying-fan (born 15 January 1951 Hong Kong) is the member of the Wong Tai Sin District Council (1985–91 1994–) representing Tung Mei. He was the also member of the Urban Council (1989–99) and the member of Legislative Council (1995–97) representing for Urban Council constituency. He joined the Provisional Legislative Council which existed from 1996 to 98 with other members of the Association for Democracy and People's Livelihood while other pro-democrats boycotted it.
 HaOlam HaZeh (Hebrew: העולם הזה‎ lit. This World) was a weekly news magazine published in Israel until 1993.The magazine was founded in 1937 under the name Tesha BaErev (Hebrew: תשע בערב Nine in the Evening) but was renamed HaOlam HaZeh in 1946. In 1950 it was bought by Uri Avnery Shalom Cohen and two others who soon withdrew.Under Avnery's leadership the magazine became famous for its highly unorthodox and irreverent style.
 Snuff-Movie is a 2005 gothic horror film by British director Bernard Rose. It stars Jeroen Krabbé as a horror film maker named Boris Arkadin whose pregnant wife was brutally murdered by a Manson-like gang of hippy psychopaths during the 1960s. Because of this he has become a recluse until several years later he makes a come-back and invites some actors to a large mansion in the English countryside to 'audition' for his new film.
 Elmwood is a house in or near Grafton North Dakota that was built in 1895 in Late Victorian architecture. It is located in an oxbow of the Park River. It has also been known as Williamson House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The listing included two contributing buildings.It was built by C.A.M. Spencer who was North Dakota's second Attorney General.
 The Most of Herman's Hermits is the name of a greatest hits album released in the U.K. by EMI Records' budget label Music For Pleasure for Herman's Hermits in 1971. The title refers to the producer Mickie Most and was first used for The Most of The Animals in 1966 (a new version of that album was also released on MFP in 1971). This album became the band's highest charting UK album reaching #14.
 Helcystogramma crypsinomum is a moth in the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1929. It is known from Thailand.
 Juma Volter Mwapachu (born 27 September 1942 in Mwanza Tanzania) is a Tanzanian politician and former Secretary General of the East African Community. He replaced Amanya Mushega of Uganda who completed his five-year term on March 24 2006.
 Accoella is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Accoella akirai Ueno 1990 Accoella thermalis Ueno 1995↑
 Nowe Ostrowy [ˈnɔvɛ ɔsˈtrɔvɨ] is a village in Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nowe Ostrowy. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Kutno and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Places is the lone album by the Washington D.C. indie rock band Georgie James released on September 25 2007. It includes the singles Need Your Needs and Cake Parade. Guest musicians include Andrew Black (The Explosion) T.J. Lipple (Aloha) Tony Cavallario (Aloha) and Matthew Gengler (Aloha). The artwork for the album was designed by the band and Zack Nipper.
 The Camel's Dance (Chinese: 骆驼献舞) is a black and white Chinese animation made in 1935 by 3 of the Wan brothers. It is considered the first animation with sound in China.
 Georgetown College Historic Buildings are a group of historically significant building located on the campus of Georgetown College in Scott County Kentucky. The structures were added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Desert de les Palmes (Valencian pronunciation: [deˈzɛɾd de les ˈpaɫmes] Spanish: Desierto de las Palmas) also known as Serra del Desert de les Palmes is a 18.8 km long mountain range in the Plana Alta comarca Valencian Community Spain. Its highest point is Bartolo (729 m). The Ermita de La Magdalena 40°02′04″N 0°00′20″W an important church for Castellonenc people is located on a hill at the southern end of the range.
 Bandhan (Bengali: বন্ধন) is a Bengali family Drama movie released in 2004. It was directed by Rabi Kinagi and featured Jeet Koyel Mullick in double role and Victor Banerjee in the lead role. Bandhan was a huge success in Bengal and was a Blockbuster at the Box office. It was also the highest grossing Bengali film of 2004. The film was a remake of Tamil film Unnai Thedi.
 Esholt Priory was a priory in West Yorkshire England.
 China Grove Methodist Church is a historic church at Tylertown Mississippi.It was built in 1861 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Peter Gerard Torkildsen (born January 28 1958) is a former chairman of the Massachusetts Republican State Committee and a former member of the United States House of Representatives. He currently works in the private sector. Torkildsen and colleague Peter Blute remain the last Republicans elected to serve in the United States House delegation from Massachusetts.
 The No. 6 Dance is the third album by blues band Five Horse Johnson. The song Mississippi King is featured in the Tony Hawk's Underground soundtrack. It Ain't Easy is a cover of the Three Dog Night song written by Ron Davies.
 Dalakdere is a village in Toroslar district of Mersin Province Turkey where the capital city of Toroslar district is actually a part of Greater Mersin. The distance to Mersin city center is about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi). It is situated on the road connecting Mersin to Gözne and along a creek. The green landscape around the creek is suitable for a recreation spot and there are several restaurants servicing Mersin citizens.
 High Justice is a 1974 collection of science fiction short stories by American writer Jerry Pournelle. It was republished in an omnibus edition with Exiles to Glory in 2009 as Exile -- and Glory.A major part of the background of these stories is the final fall of the Welfare States; Russia is never mentioned and the US is downsliding due to inflation and political corruption.
 Keizō Shibusawa (渋沢敬三 Shibusawa Keizō August 25 1896 – October 25 1963) was a Japanese businessman central banker and philanthropist. He was the 16th Governor of the Bank of Japan (BOJ).
 D. R. Settinayake was the 32nd Auditor General of Ceylon. He was appointed on 15 August 1969 succeeding B. L. W. Fernando and held the office until 11 October 1971. He was succeeded by P. M. W. Wijayasuriya.
 The Casa de la Cacica is a 16th-century Mixtec palace in Teposcolula Oaxaca Mexico.Its current name meaning house of the cacica in Spanish may refer to Doña Catalina de Peralta who took possession of the palace in 1569.
 Charles Paul Hammock (August 24 1941 – February 15 2014) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. Hammock graduated from Roman Catholic High School in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. He them received his bachelors degree in economics from Villanova University. He died on February 15 2014.
 Sherwood Family Estate is a historic farm and national historic district located at Delhi in Delaware County New York. The district contains four contributing buildings and one contributing site. It was developed over the period 1801 to about 1925 and is composed of six estate buildings a designed landscape and an agricultural landscape. Buildings include the residence ice house garage laundry and spring house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Chiu Chuang-huan (Chinese: 邱創煥; pinyin: Qiū Chuànghuàn) is a politician in the Republic of China. He was the Vice Premier in 1981–1984.
 Death Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal published ten times a year by Routledge. It focuses on issues related to death bereavement and suicide.
 A View of Other Windows is a photo-book by American musician Neal Casal documenting his time spent in the alt-country band Ryan Adams & the Cardinals from 2005 to 2009. Released on February 22 2010 through Abrams Books the book contains an introduction by Ryan Adams and features written contributions from bandmates Jon Graboff Brad Pemberton and Chris Feinstein throughout.
 Montebrier is a historic plantation house in Brierfield Alabama. The 1 1⁄2-story frame structure was built circa 1853 by S.W. Mahan in a Gothic Revival cottage orné style. The house is notable for its use of lightly arched porch supports and wide eaves that may show the influence of Andrew Jackson Downing's The Architecture of Country Houses. It currently remains in the Mahan family as a private residence and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 2 1973.
 Ham Safar (Hindi: हमसफर)(Urdu: هم سفر‎) is a collection of poems by the Indian poet Ravindra Prabhat.Ham Safar depicts the interplay of human emotions thoughts and actions by taking mythological metaphors.
 Route 666 is The Hamsters fourth CD release and like the previous album The Hamsters was a studio recording using lots of uncharacteristic overdubs and other studio techniques. The album was recorded during the tail-end of Zsa Zsa's absence due to illness though he returned for two of the tracks.
 Nukabad (Persian: نوك اباد‎ also Romanized as Nūkābād) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 38 families.
 New Kids on the Block - Greatest Hits is the second greatest hits album by New Kids on the Block and their seventh altogether. It was originally released on February 16 1999 with hits from previous albums. On August 12 2008 a new edition of Greatest Hits was released. This was the fourth hits album from the band featuring a new track list (eighteen in total).
 AM New York amNewYork is a morning free daily newspaper. (The Friday edition is combined with the Saturday/Sunday issues) published in New York City by Cablevision. According to the company average daily distribution as of December 2008 was 345053 according to MondoNewspapers.com. When the newspaper launched October 10 2003 amNewYork was the first newspaper of its kind in New York City.
 Slimming Mirrors Flattering Lights is the second album by Canadian indie pop band The Awkward Stage released June 10 2008 on Mint Records.
 John Groppo (August 14 1921 – June 12 2013) was an American mason contractor businessman and politician.Born in Winsted Connecticut Groppo served in the United States Marine Corps during World War II. He was a stonemason and was the owner of Leo Groppo & Son Mason Contractors. He served as mayor of Winsted Connecticut 1965 to 1967. From 1959 to 1985 he served in the Connecticut House of Representatives as a Democrat and was majority leader.
 Naturaliste is the eighth album by the Australian band The Lucksmiths released in 2003 on Candle Records (catalogue number LUCKY16).
 The Call of the Entrepreneur is a 2007 documentary produced by Acton Media part of the Acton Institute along with Cold Water Media. It premiered in Grand Rapids Michigan USA on May 17 2007.
 Beck – Det tysta skriket is a 2007 film about the Swedish police detective Martin Beck directed by Harald Hamrell.
 Philipse Manor Hall State Historic Site is a historic house museum located in the Getty Square neighborhood of Yonkers New York. It is Westchester County’s oldest standing building and is currently owned and operated by the New York State Office of Parks Recreation and Historic Preservation.It is located at Warburton Avenue and Dock Street.
 David P. Rible (born August 28 1967) is an American Republican Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly representing the 30th legislative district since January 10 2012. Prior to redistricting he represented the 11th legislative district in the Assembly from January 8 2008.
 Ascension of Our Lord Catholic Church is a historic church on FM 957 in Moravia Texas.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Issues in Science and Religion is a book by Ian Barbour. A biography provided by the John Templeton Foundation and published by PBS online states this book has been credited with literally creating the contemporary field of science and religion.
 The Tred Avon River (a corruption of Third Haven River) is a main tributary of the Choptank River in Talbot County on Maryland's Eastern Shore. The river is 17 miles (27 km) long.
 Jeyran-e Sofla (Persian: جيران سفلي‎ also Romanized as Jeyrān-e Soflá; also known as Jārīḩān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Torkaman Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 15 families.
 Sincholagua is an inactive volcano located in Ecuador 17 km (11 mi) northeast of Cotopaxi Volcano and 45 km (28 mi) southeast of Quito. It is the 12th highest peak in the country at 4873 m (15988 ft) but also one of the lesser known ones. The name of the mountain comes from the indigenous language Quichua and means strong above.
 The Robert Frost Farm in Derry New Hampshire was the home of poet Robert Frost from 1900 to 1911. Today it is a New Hampshire state park in use as a historic house museum. The property is listed in the National Register of Historic Places as the Robert Frost Homestead.
 Herzl is a 1976 play written by Dore Schary and Amos Elon based on the biography written by Elon. The show opened at the Palace Theatre Broadway on November 30 1976 and closed on December 5 1976 after 8 performances.
 Pleuroptyx is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Euophrys monadnock is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the United States and Canada. It was first described by James Henry Emerton in 1891.
 On Stage Vol. 3 is a live album by saxophonist Clifford Jordan which was recorded in Holland in 1975 and first released on the SteepleChase label in 1979.
 Methioeme brevipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Methioeme.
 New Hamburg Historical Area is a national historic district located at Delaware Township Mercer County Pennsylvania. The district includes 1 contributing building 4 contributing sites and 1 contributing structure.
 Martin Palouš (born 14 October 1950 in Prague Czechoslovakia) is the ex-Permanent Representative to the United Nations for the Czech Republic. He presented his credentials to UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan on 11 September 2006. Palouš is married to Pavla Paloušová and they have two children.
 Heaven or Vegas was a 1999 movie which was a romantic drama that starred Yasmine Bleeth and Richard Grieco.
 John Robert Lewis (born February 21 1940) is an American politician and civil rights leader. He is the U.S. Representative for Georgia's 5th congressional district serving since 1987 and is the dean of the Georgia congressional delegation.
 The Lakeshore General Hospital (Hôpital général du Lakeshore) is a Canadian acute care institution located in Pointe-Claire Quebec a suburban municipality near Montreal. The hospital employs 1200 employees and contains 257 beds and serves an estimated population of 377000 in the West Island region of Montreal.The LGH is situated close to major highway arteries such as Highways 13 20 40 and 520 and is often called upon to treat and stabilize accident victims.
 The Zeitschrift für Evidenz Fortbildung und Qualität im Gesundheitswesen (English: German Journal for Evidence and Quality in Healthcare) is a German language peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier Germany.It was established in 1904 as the Zeitschrift für ärztliche Fortbildung (German Journal for Continuous Medical Education) by Ernst von Bergmann.
 Joseph Henry Cotter (January 1 1872—September 30 1937) was a Canadian politician in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1927 to 1932. He was a member of the Conservative Party.Cotter was born in Milan Italy the son of a Church of England rector in Ireland. He was educated at private schools in the south of Ireland and came to Canada in 1890. Cotter worked as an accountant and was for fifteen years the chief accountant of Winnipeg Manitoba.
 Kisgörbő is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 The Kensington Historic District is a national historic district located at Kensington Montgomery County Maryland. The district includes the core of the original town that was incorporated in 1894 It is dominated by large late-19th and early-20th-century houses many with wraparound porches stained glass windows and curving brick sidewalks.
 When in Rome (1952) is a film starring Van Johnson Paul Douglas and Joseph Calleia. The film was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was based on a story by Robert Buckner Dorothy Kingsley and Charles Schnee. When in Rome was one of the last films directed by famed MGM director Clarence Brown[citation needed].
 Adly Mahmoud Mansour (Arabic: عدلى محمود منصور‎ pronounced [ˈʕædli mæħˈmuːd mɑnˈsˤuːɾ]; born 23 December 1945) is the acting President of Egypt and a judge who heads the Supreme Constitutional Court. He was declared president following the 2013 Egyptian coup d'état precipitated by mass protests against his predecessor Mohamed Morsi.
 Golovnin Bay is a waterway in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is a part of Norton Sound. It is named in honor of Vasily Golovnin. Fish River empties into the bay. Situated on the Seward Peninsula it is the only protected waterway south of Port Clarence.
 Modern Dance for Beginners is a play for two people written by British playwright Sarah Phelps.
 I figli del leopardo is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci that is a parody of The Leopard.
 Chulcheh Qeshlaq (Persian: چولچه قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Chūlcheh Qeshlāq; also known as Choljah Qeshlāq Choljeh Qeshlāq Chooljeh Gheslagh Chowlcheh Qeshlāq Chowljeh Qeshlāq and Chūljeh Qeshlāq) is a village in Ijrud-e Pain Rural District Halab District Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 40 families.
 Rodriguezus is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae containing the following species: Rodriguezus garmani (Rathbun 1898) Rodriguezus iturbei (Rathbun 1919) Rodriguezus ranchograndensis (Rodríguez 1966) Rodriguezus trujillensis (Rodríguez 1967) ↑
 Puckett's Versus the Country Boy is the debut solo EP from former Weezer bassist and The Rentals front man Matt Sharp. The album features no electric guitar synths or percussion. Instead lap steel acoustic guitar piano and organ are the only accompaniment to Sharp's vocals. The album was recorded in Tennessee.
 Superman: Birthright is a twelve-issue comic book limited series published by DC Comics in 2003 and 2004 written by Mark Waid and drawn by Leinil Francis Yu.Originally this series was meant to be a non-canon version of Superman showcasing his origin and updating him for the 21st century. Soon after it was decided to make the series canon and thus it replaced John Byrne's The Man of Steel series as Superman's canonical origin story.
 Bharri is a village situated in the northeastern Bihar district of Katihar.Bharri comes under the constituency of Kadwa. It's Sub-divisional office at Barsoi and Block Development Officer(BDO)'s Office at Kumhari.
 Olszany [ɔlˈʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Reedy Chapel-AME Church is a historic church at 2013 Broadway in Galveston Texas.It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Four Sided Triangle is a 1953 British science-fiction film directed by Terence Fisher and starring Stephen Murray Barbara Payton and James Hayter. It was made by Hammer Film Productions at Bray Studios.The film dealt with the moral and scientific themes (not to mention mad lab scenes) that were soon to put Hammer Films on the map with the same director's The Curse of Frankenstein. Four Sided Triangle has most in common with Fisher's Frankenstein Created Woman (1967).
 Groznatovci is a village in the municipality of Surdulica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 40 people.
 Kerachi (Persian: كراچي‎ also Romanized as Kerāchī; also known as Kerāch and Kerāj) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 51 families.
 Yoine J. Goldstein (born May 11 1934) is a Canadian Jewish lawyer academic and former Senator.Born in Montreal Quebec his education includes a Bachelor of Arts from McGill University in 1955 a Bachelor of Civil Law (with honours) from McGill University in 1958 (where he was selected as the Articles Editor for the McGill Law Journal) and a Doctor of Laws from the Université de Lyon in 1960. He was called to the Quebec Bar in 1961.
 The Sly Old Cat is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter in 1906 and first published by Frederick Warne & Co. in 1971 almost thirty years after her death.
 Tupraq Kandi (Persian: توپراق كندي‎ also Romanized as Tūprāq Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 672 in 125 families.
 A Romance of Wastdale is a 1921 British silent adventure film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Milton Rosmer Valya Venitskaya and Fred Raynham. It was based on a novel by A. E. W. Mason.
 Altitudella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the early part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Uchangidurga is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Harapanahalli taluk of Davanagere district in Karnataka.
 Death du Jour is the second novel by Kathy Reichs starring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan.
 Everestiomyia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Notyst Wielki [ˈnɔtɨst ˈvjɛlki] (German: Groß Notisten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Mrągowo and 66 km (41 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 50.
 The Ugruțiu River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 Live at the London Palladium is a live double album by soul musician Marvin Gaye released March 15 1977 on Tamla Records. Recording sessions took place live at several concerts at the London Palladium in London England in October 1976 with the exception of the hit single Got to Give It Up which was recorded at Gaye's Los Angeles studio Marvin's Room on January 31 1977.
 Ravni Topolovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Равни Тополовац) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Žitište municipality Central Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority(88.09%) and its population numbering 1352 people (2002 census).
 Mark Lloyd Ericks (born July 24 1951) is a United States Marshal and former Washington State Representative.
 The Queensland Art Gallery is an art museum located in the South Bank precinct of Brisbane Queensland Australia. The gallery is part of the Queensland Cultural Centre.The Queensland Art Gallery is owned and operated by the Government of Queensland which created the institution in 1895 as the Queensland National Art Gallery.
 Pseudorinympha is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Konstantine Kon Vatskalis (born 4 April 1957) is a Greek-Australian politician. He has been an Australian Labor Party member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly since September 2001 representing the Darwin-based electorate of Casuarina. He was Minister for Business and Economic Development Minister for Regional Development Minister for Defence Support Minister for Sport and Recreation and Minister for Essential Services.
 The Horse River is a river of Minnesota.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church at the junction of N. Bedford Rd. and E. Main Street in Mt. Kisco Westchester County New York. It was designed by noted architect Bertram Goodhue in 1907 and built from 1909 to 1913 in the late Gothic Revival style. The church was expanded in 1927-1928. It is a two story building constructed of square cut local granite and schist. It has carved limestone trim and copings.
 Back Home in Sulphur Springs is the debut album of American guitarist Norman Blake released in 1972.Blake and his wife Nancy recorded an album of the same title in 2006.
 Efeler Borçka is a village in the District of Borçka Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 164 people.
 Xyletobius affinis is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Stanisławie [staniˈswavjɛ] (German Stenzlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies close to Tczew 31 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 338.
 Gleisi Helena Hoffmann (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈɡlejzɪ e̞ˈlẽnɐ] or [ˈɡlejzj ɛˈlẽnɐ ˈɦɔfmɐ̃] born September 6 1965 in Curitiba Brazil) is a lawyer and Brazilian politician. She was the Chief of Staff of Brazil from June 8 2011 to February 2 2014 during the presidency of Dilma Rousseff.
 Higanjima (彼岸島 lit. Island of Red Spider Lillies) is a Japanese manga series by Kōji Matsumoto. It was adapted into a live action film in 2010.
 Brian X. Foley (born December 5 1957) was a State Senator representing the 3rd District of the New York State Senate. He was elected to his first political office in 1993 representing the Seventh District in the Suffolk County Legislature. He was re-elected five times to the seat once held by his father John Foley. In 2005 he was elected Supervisor for the Town of Brookhaven New York.
 The Opportunists is a 2000 film starring Christopher Walken with an appearance by Cyndi Lauper. It is a gritty crime drama that takes place in the urban setting of Greenpoint Brooklyn in New York City.
 Children of Magic Moon (original title: Märchenmonds Kinder) is a young adult fantasy novel written by German authors Wolfgang and Heike Hohlbein in 1990. It is a sequel to 1982's Magic Moon and the second of four books in the series. It was released in the United States in October 2007.
 David Holmes (March 10 1769 – August 20 1832) was the last governor of the Mississippi Territory and the first governor of the State of Mississippi.
 Mount Febbas (13468 ft (4105 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Mount Febbas is at the western end of the high-altitude plateau known as Horse Ridge which extends for more than 10 mi (16 km) to the northeast at elevations greater than 10000 ft (3000 m).
 Carl C. Danberg (born August 29 1964) is an American lawyer from Newark in New Castle County Delaware. He is a member of the Democratic Party and was the Attorney General of Delaware. and Commissioner of the Delaware Department of Correction.
 Time Again... Amy Grant Live is the 21st album by Christian music singer-songwriter Amy Grant released on September 26 2006 (see 2006 in music).Time Again is Grant's first live album since the twin 1981 releases In Concert and In Concert Volume Two. This performance was recorded in the same city (Ft. Worth Texas) as was the singer's very first paid performance back in 1978.
 Zagróbki [zaˈɡrupki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daszyna within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Daszyna 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Łęczyca and 49 km (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 YM was an American teen magazine that began in 1932. It was published for 72 years and was the second oldest girls' magazine (the oldest being Seventeen) in the United States. YM got its start as two magazines in the 1930s—Compact which was aimed at older teens and Calling All Girls which was intended for younger girls and pioneered the signature embarrassing-moments column Say Anything. By the late 1960s the publications merged into Young Miss a small digest-sized mag.
 When Zachary Beaver Came to Town is a 2003 comedy-drama film starring Jonathan Lipnicki and Cody Linley. It was adapted from a National Book Award-winning children's novel of the same name by Kimberly Willis Holt.
 The Best of Clannad: In a Lifetime is a greatest hits compilation album by Irish folk group Clannad. It contains two new tracks Christmas Angels and What Will I Do the latter of which is on the soundtrack to the Kevin Costner film Message in a Bottle.
 Wysokie [vɨˈsɔkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Sirati (Persian: سيرتي‎ also Romanized as Sīratī; also known as Sīratī-ye Soflá) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 9 families.
 Syricoris tiedemanniana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It was described by Zeller in 1845. It is found in Scandinavia the Baltic region the Netherlands Germany Denmark Austria Poland and Russia.The wingspan is 15–17 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Equisetum species including Equisetum palustre.
 On an Island is the third solo album by David Gilmour best known as a vocalist and lead guitarist for Pink Floyd. It was released in the UK on 6 March 2006 Gilmour's 60th birthday and in the United States the following day. It was his first solo album in 22 years.
 Inner City Blues is the 1999 debut novel by American crime author Paula L. Woods and the first book in her Charlotte Justice series. The book was published by W. W.
 Room For Abuse '06 is a re-release of Ska Punk band Spunge's 2000 album Room For Abuse. It has been re-mastered to improve the quality. The CD includes a bonus DVD which is a re-release of their earlier video Skankin 'N' Skulkin. Kickin' Pigeons is also added as an extra 17th track.
 Çamyurdu is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 The Maison Saint-Gabriel Museum is located in Montreal Quebec and is dedicated to preserving the history heritage and artifacts of the settlers of New France in the mid 17th century. The museum consists of a small farm which has been administered for more than 300 years by the Sisters of the Congregation of Notre Dame of Montreal founded by Marguerite Bourgeoys in Montreal in 1658. The site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 2007.
 American Psycho is a 2000 American cult psychological thriller black comedy film directed by Mary Harron based on Bret Easton Ellis's novel of the same name. It stars Christian Bale Willem Dafoe Jared Leto Josh Lucas Samantha Mathis Chloë Sevigny Cara Seymour Justin Theroux and Reese Witherspoon. It debuted at the Sundance Film Festival on April 14 2000.
 Village of Columbus and Camp Furlong is an historic district that includes portions of what is now the town of Columbus New Mexico Pancho Villa State Park and an airfield all in Columbus New Mexico. It was the site of a raid led by Pancho Villa in 1916 that had wide impacts.The Village of Columbus and Camp Furlong historic district was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
 The Hotel Windsor is a luxury hotel in Melbourne. The Windsor is notable for being Australia's only surviving grand 19th century city hotel and only official grand Victorian era hotel. The Hotel Windsor has a 5-star rating and is considered one of the grandest hotels in Melbourne.The Windsor is situated on Bourke Hill in the Parliament Precinct on Spring Street and is a Melbourne landmark of high Victorian architecture.
 Sir Venkata Svetachalapathi Ranga Rao Bahadur GCIE (b.September 8 1862 - d. 1921) was an Indian landlord and zamindar of Bobbili in Madras Presidency from 1881 to 1921. His grandson and successor Ramakrishna Ranga Rao served as the Chief Minister of Madras Presidency from 1932 to 1936.
 Isortoq Fjord (Danish: Søndre Isortoq) is a fjord in the Qeqqata municipality in western Greenland. The fjord to the east of Maniitsoq emptying into Davis Strait. Majorqaq one of the widest rivers in western Greenland draining the Greenland ice sheet empties into the fjord head.
 Orthacanthus is an extinct genus of fresh-water shark from a family of prehistoric sharks known as xenacanths. Members of the genus had a long spine growing from the back of their skull and a very long dorsal fin which ran all along its back giving it an eel-like appearance.About 260 million years ago Orthacanthus was the apex predator of freshwater swamps and bayous in Europe and North America.
 Speedwell Ironworks was an ironworks in Speedwell New Jersey USA just north of Morristown Morris County New Jersey United States. It is on Speedwell Avenue part of U.S. Route 202. The site is where Alfred Vail and Samuel Morse first demonstrated the electric telegraph and the site provided most of the machinery for the SS Savannah which was the first steamship to cross the Atlantic Ocean.
 Children Galore is a 1955 comedy film directed by Terence Fisher. It stars Eddie Byrne and June Thorburn.
 John F. Amodeo (born August 1 1950) is an American Republican politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from January 8 2008 until January 14 2014 where he represented the 2nd Legislative District.Amodeo serves in the Assembly on the Agriculture and Natural Resources Committee and the Transportation Public Works and Independent Authorities Committee.Amodeo served on the Linwood City Council from 1998–2005 and on the city's Planning Board from 2004 to 2005.
 Sherlock Holmes's War of the Worlds (currently retitled as of 2009 as The Further Adventures of Sherlock Holmes: The War of the Worlds) is a sequel to H. G. Wells' science fiction novel The War of the Worlds written by Manly Wade Wellman and his son Wade Wellman and published in 1975. It was inspired by a viewing of A Study in Terror. It is a pastiche crossover which combines H. G.
 Hervé Hasquin (born 31 December 1942 Charleroi) is a Belgian university professor (ULB) historian and politician.
 Corydoras simulatus is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub-family of the Callichthyidae family. It originates in inland waters in South America and is found in the Upper Meta River basin in Colombia.The fish prefers clean clear water with a current. It will grow in length up to 1.9 inches (4.9 centimeters). It lives in a tropical climate in water with a 6.0 - 8.0 pH a water hardness of 2 - 25 dGH and a temperature range of 68 - 77°F (20 - 25°C).
 Junior the fifth full length album by American guitarist Kaki King was released April 13 2010.
 The Collings Foundation is a private non-profit educational foundation located in Stow Massachusetts founded in 1979 by Robert F. Collings and Caroline Collings with a mission dedicated to the preservation and public display of transportation-related history namely automobile and aviation history. The Collings Foundation is headquartered from a small private airfield in Stow Massachusetts that includes a small museum that opens for special events and pre-scheduled tour groups.
 Waytemore Castle was a castle in the town of Bishop's Stortford in Hertfordshire United Kingdom. (grid reference TL4900421473).This began as a motte and bailey castle in the time of William the Conqueror. A rectangular great tower was added on the motte in the 12th century. It was improved in the 13th century during the reign of King John and a licence to crenellate was granted in the mid 14th century. It was slighted after the Civil War.
 The Temeșiț River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 Reinaldo Apolo Gargano Ostuni (July 26 1934 – February 5 2013) was a Uruguayan political figure.
 Ravikampadu is a small village in the Kamavarapukota mandal of the West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh India.It is situated on the route from Eluru to Jangareddigudem at a distance of about 42 km from Eluru.
 Kung Hei Fat Choy is a 1985 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Dean Shek and starring Shek Alan Tam and George Lam. This film was released to celebrate the Chinese New Year of 1985. The film's title is based off the greeting wishers give on the year's first day.
 Twilight is a three issue prestige format mini-series by Howard Chaykin and José Luis García-López published in 1990 by DC Comics.
 John Ward (born August 2 1950) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party he represents District 10A which includes portions of Crow Wing County in the north central part of the state. He is also a retired teacher and coach.
 Twisted: The Distorted Mathematics of Greenhouse Denial is a 2007 book by Ian G. Enting who is the Professorial Research Fellow in the ARC Centre of Excellence for Mathematics and Statistics of Complex Systems (MASCOS) based at the University of Melbourne.The book analyses the arguments of greenhouse sceptics and the use and presentation of statistics.
 Gornja Slatina is a village in the municipality of Ribnik Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Jeffrey James Helmick is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio.
 Kenni is a village in Kehtna Parish Rapla County in northern-central Estonia.
 Dunster Working Watermill (also known as Castle Mill) is a restored 18th century watermill situated on the River Avill close to Gallox Bridge in the grounds of Dunster Castle in Dunster Somerset England. It is a Grade II* listed building.The mill stands on a site where a mill was first recorded in the Domesday Book but the present building was constructed around 1780. It closed in 1962 but was restored in 1979 and is still used to grind flour.
 Kiezmark [ˈkʲɛzmark] (German Käsemark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedry Wielkie within Gdańsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Cedry Wielkie 20 km (12 mi) east of Pruszcz Gdański and 23 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 370.
 Everyday Use is a widely studied and frequently anthologized short story by Alice Walker. It was first published in 1973 as part of Walker's short story collection In Love and Trouble.The story is told in first person by the Mama an African American woman living in the Deep South with one of her two daughters. The story humorously illustrates the differences between Mrs.
 Rajkumar Dhoot Member of Parliament (Rajya Sabha) representing the State of Maharashtra India and Immediate Past-President of the Apex Indian Chamber of Commerce & Industry ASSOCHAM (The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India) is also the Promoter & Co-Owner of the diversified Videocon Group of Companies. He is from the Shiv Sena party. He is a well-known industrialist and was born on 11 September 1955 at Ahmednagar in Maharashtra.
 Kensington Branch of the Philadelphia YWCA is a historic YWCA building located in the Hugh neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1911 and expanded in 1916. It is a six-story brick with terra cotta trim building in the Colonial Revival style. The original three-story section was built as the Hoffman Memorial wing.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Hajji Azwar Abubakar (born in Banda Aceh on 21 June 1952) is the current Administrative Reform Minister of Indonesia.
 Seif Seleman Rashidi (born 16 January 1957) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Rufiji constituency since 2010. He is the current Minister of Health and Social Welfare.
 The Negomiru River or Valea Racilor River is a tributary of the Jilţ River in Romania.
 Bulles is an album by French singer-songwriter Michel Polnareff released in 1981.With this album the singer found more success as it sold 800000 copies. Radio Je t'aime and Tam-Tam were put into heavy rotation on French radio stations. Although mostly rock-oriented Polnareff maintains his personality lyrically and musically.In 2001 the album was re-issued by Universal-Polygram.
 San Antonio Community Hospital (SACH) is an acute full service medical center in Upland California.The 283 bed facility is known for its advanced Neo-Natal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) and for its cardiac care programs. This facility has been designated an official Stemi heart attack receiving center by Inland Counties Emergency Medical Agency (ICEMA).
 Shaky Dream is the second studio album by Canadian band Dinosaur Bones. It was released in August 2013 under Dine Alone Records.
 Loser is a coming of age young adult novel first published in 2002 by American author Jerry Spinelli. It details the growth of Donald Zinkoff who is branded a loser by his classmates due to his cockiness and sometimes clueless enthusiasm. The book is unique among Spinelli's work in that is entirely written in the present tense. The life lesson of Loser is about the human rudeness the importance of failure and how any name can be replaced with hero.
 Krakówki-Włodki [kraˈkufki ˈvwɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Grodzisk 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 73 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 20.
 Love & Passion is a series of two greatest hits compilation albums by cantopop singer Prudence Liew released between 1990 and 1991 bookending the release of her studio album 聽我細訴 Listen to Me.
 Foresight: The International Journal of Applied Forecasting is a forecasting journal published quarterly by the International Institute of Forecasters. Foresight was launched in 2005 as a practitioner-focused companion to The IIF's International Journal of Forecasting.
 The Margașu River is a tributary of the Ribița River in Romania.
 Reid Hall (1948–2006) was a dormitory at Miami University in Oxford Ohio that housed about 140 students. However it was not just a place where students lived. After a shooting occurred in 1959 the building became known as one of the most haunted buildings on campus. It was torn down in order to make room for the Farmer School of Business but has been recreated within a set of buildings called Heritage Commons.
 Baby Geniuses is a 1999 family-oriented comedy film directed by Bob Clark rated PG for some rude behavior and dialogue. It stars Kathleen Turner and Christopher Lloyd.Computer-generated imagery effects were used to digitally superimpose moving lips over babies' mouths an effect similarly used in Clutch Cargo but many critics pointed the effect out as being unnerving.
 A Voyage to Terra Australis: Undertaken for the Purpose of Completing the Discovery of that Vast Country and Prosecuted in the Years 1801 1802 and 1803 in His Majesty's Ship the Investigator was a sea voyage journal written by English mariner and explorer Matthew Flinders. It describes his circumnavigation of the Australian continent in the early years of the 19th century and his imprisonment by the French on the island of Mauritius from 1804-1810.
 Here Lies Arthur is a young-adult novel by Philip Reeve published by Scholastic in 2007. Set in fifth or sixth century Britain and the Anglo-Saxon invasion it features a girl who participates in the deliberate construction of legendary King Arthur during the man's lifetime orchestrated by a bard.
 10 is a best-of album by Contemporary Christian band MercyMe released in 2009. It was split into two different parts: the sound (audio) part featured some of their biggest Number 1 hits 2 new songs and a re-recorded version of I Can Only Imagine featuring the London Symphony Orchestra.
 I Spit on Your Grave is a 2010 American rape and revenge horror film and a remake of the controversial 1978 cult film Day of the Woman (better known by its re-release title I Spit on Your Grave). It was directed by Steven R. Monroe and stars Sarah Butler Chad Lindberg Daniel Franzese Rodney Eastman Jeff Branson and Andrew Howard.
 Smithfield Friends Meeting House Parsonage and Cemetery is a Friends Meeting House of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) rebuilt in 1881. It is located at 108 Smithfield Road (Route 146A) in Woonsocket Rhode Island (across the street from North Smithfield).
 Bruce Millan (5 October 1927 – 21 February 2013) was a Scottish Labour politician. He was born in Dundee and educated at the Harris Academy in that city.He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Glasgow Craigton at the 1959 general election and served for that seat and after its abolition for Glasgow Govan until 1988.
 Lamud is a town in northern Peru capital of Luya Province in Amazonas Region.
 Nancy J. Turbak Berry is a Democratic member of the South Dakota Senate representing the 5th district since 2006.
 J.-E. Bernard Pilon (1 August 1918 – 17 November 1970) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Vaudreuil Quebec and became an insurance broker by career.He was first elected at the Chambly—Rouville riding in the 1962 general election then re-elected there in the 1963 and 1965 federal elections.
 Imperial War Museum North (sometimes referred to as IWM North) is a museum in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford in Greater Manchester England. One of five branches of the Imperial War Museum it explores the impact of modern conflicts on people and society. It is the first branch of the Imperial War Museum to be located in the north of England.
 Falak-ol-Aflak Castle (in Persian: دژ شاپورخواست‎ Dež-e Shāpūr-Khwāst in ancient times known as Dežbār as well as Shāpūr-Khwāst) is a castle situated on the top of a large hill with the same name within the city of Khorramabad the regional capital of Lorestan province Iran.
 Talkhab (Persian: تلخاب‎ also Romanized as Talkhāb) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Ter is a river in Catalonia (northeastern of the Iberian Peninsula) that rises in Ulldeter at an approximate altitude of 2400 meters at the foot of a glacial cirque delimited by the nearby peaks of el Bastiments el Gra de Fajol or el Pic de la Dona. It runs through the comarques of Ripollès Osona Selva Gironès and Baix Empordà discharging into the Mediterranean Sea at l'Estartit.
 Parikan (Persian: پريكان‎ also Romanized as Parīkān) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Carry On Constable is the fourth the series of Carry On films with 31 entries. It was released in February 1960. Of the regular team it featured Kenneth Connor Kenneth Williams Charles Hawtrey Joan Sims and Hattie Jacques. Sid James makes his debut in the series here while early regulars Leslie Phillips Eric Barker and Shirley Eaton also turn up although Phillips did not appear again in the series for 32 years.
 The Devil in Velvet first published in 1951 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr. This novel is both a mystery and a historical novel with elements of the supernatural.
 Butchered at Birth is the second studio album by American death metal band Cannibal Corpse. It was released in 1991 through Metal Blade Records. The artwork was censored for a few years (around 1992-1994) - where only the name of the band and title of the album as well as a circled censored version and the notice special uncensored offer inside could be read. The background of the censored version was plain white.
 Culter Fell is a hill in the Southern Uplands of Scotland. Previously the county top of the historic county of Lanarkshire it is now the highest point in South Lanarkshire. It is the culmination of a network of ridges that lie south of the village of Coulter close to the town of Biggar. It is probably most easily climbed from the north west. The best starting point is the mouth of Kings Beck at NT 031305.
 Sky Full of Holes is the fifth studio album by Fountains of Wayne. It was released on July 20 2011 in Japan on August 1 2011 in Europe and on August 2 2011 in North America. It debuted at number 37 on the US Billboard 200 giving Fountains of Wayne their first Top 40 album on that chart and debuted at number 16 on the UK independent chart.
 Chott Ech Chergui (Arabic: شط الشرقي‎) is a large endorheic salt lake in northwestern Algeria located at 34.35°N 0.5°E﻿ / 34.35; 0.5 in the Saharan Atlas.Lake has an area of about 2000 km² and is one of the largest lakes in Algeria; Ramsar site has an area of 8555 km².Chott Ech Chergui is designated a Ramsar wetland of international importance.
 The Oweegee Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains located on the east side of Bell-Irving River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Youssouf Saleh Abbas (born c. 1953) is a Chadian political figure who was Prime Minister of Chad from April 2008 to March 2010. He was previously a diplomatic adviser and special representative of President Idriss Déby.
 Habits of the Heart is the debut album by Idle Warship a collaboration between hip-hop artist Talib Kweli and singer Res released on November 1 2011.
 Naked Punch Review is a quarterly interdisciplinary review and magazine of philosophy art politics and poetry run voluntarily by young figures in those fields. Contributors have included Antonio Negri Tariq Ali Wim Wenders Arthur Danto Richard Shusterman Simon Critchley Walden Bello Michael Taussig Adonis Mahmoud Darvish among others. The magazine was founded in 2002 by a group of young London-based thinkers.
 Jiangjunosaurus is a genus of stegosaurid dinosaur from the Oxfordian-age (Upper Jurassic) Shishugou Formation of the Junggar Basin Xinjiang China. Remains including the lower jaw some skull bones eleven articulated neck vertebrae and two plates are known. The type species J. junggarensis was described by Chengkai et al.. in 2007. Jiangjunosaurus reached around 6 m (20 ft) in length and may have been a prey item for Yangchuanosaurus.
 Sailor's Luck is a 1933 Pre-Code film which openly depicted homosexuality.
 Feyzollahabad (Persian: فيض اله اباد‎ also Romanized as Feyz̤ollahābād) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 12 families.
 Strandloper is a novel by English writer Alan Garner published in 1996. It is based on the story of a Cheshire labourer William Buckley. The historical figure of Edward Stanley also appears as a character in the novel.
 Wask'aqucha (Quechua wask'a rectangle / long qucha lake rectangle lake or long lake hispanicized spelling Huascacocha) is a lake in Peru. It is located in the Apurímac Region Abancay Province Circa District.
 Mamlicz [ˈmamlʲit͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Barcin 21 km (13 mi) east of Żnin and 25 km (16 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 SRH Presents: Supporting Radical Habits is the fifth official compilation album by Suburban Noize Records released on October 25 2005. This album is a CD/DVD set that includes popular names of the label such as the Kottonmouth Kings Judge D and Big B along with others. The DVD features footage of Kottonmouth Kings and the Subnoize family in Japan motocross riders Manley and Morrison(Scummy) speaking on their thoughts motocross riders Grant Teal and Jeremy Lusk plus more of the SRH team.
 Sołojewszczyzna [sɔwɔjɛfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 The Meadowlands is the third studio album by The Wrens. It was released by Absolutely Kosher Records on September 9 2003 and in Europe two years later on September 19 2005 by LO-MAX Records. A UK limited edition version with two extra tracks Such a Pretty Lie and Nervous and Not Me was released on February 27 2006. The album was named after the New Jersey Meadowlands the wetlands near the Wrens' home in New Jersey.
 Union Church (or Durham Town Hall) is a historic church on 744 Royalsborough Road in Durham Maine.The church was built in 1835 and added to the National Historic Register in 2001.
 The Bulletin of Earthquake Engineering is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the European Association for Earthquake Engineering. It covers all aspects of earthquake engineering. It was established in 2003 and the editor-in-chief is Atilla Ansal (Ozyegin University).
 Heerapur Gokal is a panchayat near Afzalgarh in Bijnor District in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is located at the border with the state of Uttrakhand.
 Siempre Estoy Pensando en Ti (English: I'm Always Thinking of You) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel with mariachi in 1978 and re-release on July 18 1989.Siempre Estoy Pensando En Tí is a compilation album composed of tracks from 2 previous studio albums: Juan Gabriel Con El Mariachi Vargas De Tecalitlan (1974) Ases Y Tercia De Reyes La Muerte Del Palomo Lágrimas Y Lluvia Si Dios Me Ayuda Que Sea Mi Condena Esta Noche Voy A Verla Juan Gabriel con Mariachi Vol. 
 Tamsi is a village and a Mandal in Adilabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Runówko [ruˈnufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Sayrakçı Söke is a village in the District of Söke Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 121 people.
 Rose Hill is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. It was built about 1800 and is a two story Federal style dwelling. It has a hipped roof crowned by a balustrade and symmetrically placed chimneys. It features a central front porch with Latticework decoration. It was built by Volkert Veeder agent for Stephen Van Rensselaer and active worker in colonizing the town.
 Lambula nigra is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by van Eecke in 1929. It is found on Buru.
 Three Uneasy Pieces is a collection of three short stories by Australian writer Patrick White first published by Pascoe Publishing in 1987. It is the final work of fiction he published in his life.
 Harrison is a village in Sioux County Nebraska United States. The population was 251 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Sioux County.
 Edward Daniel DiPrete (born July 8 1934) is an American Republican Party politician from Rhode Island.DiPrete served as the 70th Governor of Rhode Island from 1985 to 1991 and was defeated for reelection in a landslide by former federal attorney and millionaire businessman Bruce Sundlun in 1990 who had twice lost to DiPrete who was one of the few Rhode Island Governors in recent history to be elected for 3 terms all the more noteworthy because he was a Republican in a state where Democrats consistently control both houses of the Legislature with a hold of 85-90% majority.DiPrete was born in Cranston Rhode Island. 
 The Coves dels Hams (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈkɔvəz ðəɫz ˈams] Spanish: Cuevas dels Hams English: Fishhook Caves) are a Solutional cave system on the east coast of the Spanish Balearic Island of Mallorca.
 Eulimostraca macleani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Zeno is a lunar impact crater located near the northwestern limb of the Moon. It lies to the east-southeast of the crater Mercurius. Farther to the east of Zeno along the limb is the well-formed crater Boss.The rim of Zeno is slightly distorted and has received some erosion due to subsequent impacts. There is a depression in the surface attached to the eastern rim forming a bulging extension. Small craters lie on the southern rim and across the interior of the northern wall.
 Ask Me What I Am is the debut album by actor Burt Reynolds. It was produced by Bobby Goldsboro and released in 1973 on the Mercury/Phonogram label.
 The Jeptha Hayman House also known as Hayman Farm is a historic home located at Kingston Somerset County Maryland United States. It is a two-story five-bay weatherboard frame dwelling in the Greek Revival-style. The oldest portion is dated by an inscribed brick to 1836 with an addition about 1850. The house features a Tuscan-columned porch supported on a rusticated concrete block knee wall.The Jeptha Hayman House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Helenów [xɛˈlɛnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko within Szydłowiec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Flying Horse Walk is an shopping arcade located at the heart of Nottingham City Centre in Nottingham England. The arcade houses a variety of fashion boutiques and other retailers. It is situated just off the city's Old Market Square on The Poultry.It takes its name from a fifteenth-century public house of the same name the Flying Horse Inn that is located at the Market Square end of the walk. The facade of the public house has been retained and is Grade II listed building.
 Monte Prelà is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located in the comune of Torriglia province of Genoa south of Monte Antola.The sources of the Trebbia and Scrivia rivers right affluents of the Po are located at Monte Prelà.
 Wycliffe Ambetsa Oparanya is a Kenyan politician. He belongs to the Orange Democratic Movement and was elected to represent the Butere Constituency in the National Assembly of Kenya since the Kenyan parliamentary election 2007.Wycliffe Oparanya ins the serving Minister for Planning Development and Vision 2030 in Kenyas Grand Coalition Government.
 Illustreret Nyhedsblad was a Norwegian weekly magazine issued from 1851 to 1866 in Christiania Norway. Its first editor was Paul Botten-Hansen who edited the magazine from 1851 to 1864 and from 1865 to 1866 with Frederik Bætzmann being editor from 1864 to 1865. Among its contributors were Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson Henrik Ibsen Ernst Sars and Camilla Collett. Ibsen's plays Hærmændene paa Helgeland and Kærlighedens komedie were published as supplements to the magazine.
 The Duke is a 1999 film. Its plot concerns a dog Hubert inheriting an English country mansion.
 Chasmomma is a genus of hoverflies.
 The former First Presbyterian Church now the Ecumenical Theological Seminary is located at 2930 Woodward Avenue in Midtown Detroit Michigan. It was built in 1889 as the First Presbyterian Church.The building listed on the National Register of Historic Places is a designated Michigan State Historic Site (1979) and a contributing property to the Brush Park Historic District.
 Yatton Chapel is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Yatton Herefordshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands at the end of a winding track adjacent to Chapel Farmhouse.
 John L. Sehon (c. 1863–1913) was an American Democratic politician from California.Sehon was born c. 1863 in Georgia. He served in the army as a Captain. Sehon was elected to the city council and set an independent course as a council member. In 1905 anti-boss mood with San Diego voters caused them to defeat the Republican candidate and elect retired Captain Sehon of the Democratic and Independent coalition as mayor of San Diego California which he served until 1907.
 The Cima di Gana Bianca is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Acquarossa in the canton of Ticino. It lies west of the Rheinwaldhorn between the main Blenio valley and the Val Malvaglia.
 Mordellistena sexnotata is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Dury in 1902.
 The Addis Ababa City Hall houses the offices of the Municipality of Addis Ababa.
 Bemis Hall a Tudor Revival-style building of Colorado College in Colorado Springs Colorado was built as a dormitory in 1908. It was designed by architect Maurice B. Biscoe. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.Major donations towards funding the building were provided by General William Jackson Palmer founder of Colorado Springs and Colorado College and by Judson M. Bemis a manufacturer who moved to Colorado Springs in 1881.
 Sushi Roku is an upscale American sushi chain restaurant. Michael Cardenas former Matsuhisa general manager teams with nightclub owners on 3rd street's Sushi Roku starting the sushi lounge trend.
 Worm (Russian: Cherv) is a 2006 Russian drama film directed by Aleksei Muradov. It was entered into the 28th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Georges Emile Léonard Theunis (28 February 1873 Montegnée – 4 January 1966 Brussels) was the 24th Prime Minister of Belgium from 16 December 1921 to 13 May 1925 and again from 20 November 1934 to 25 March 1935. He was governor of the National Bank of Belgium (NBB) from 1941 until 1944.He received a military training and was also trained as an engineer. Georges Theunis started his career in the Empain group where he was an administrator and later the president of the board of ACEC.
 Lake Lucerne (German: Vierwaldstättersee lit. Lake of the Four Forested Cantons) is a lake in central Switzerland and the fourth largest in the country.The lake has a complicated shape with bends and arms reaching from the city of Lucerne into the mountains. It has a total area of 114 km² (44 sq mi) an elevation of 434 m (1424 ft) and a maximum depth of 214 m (702 ft). Its volume is 11.8 km³.
 Live From Nowhere Volume 3 is a live album by Over the Rhine released in 2008 containing highlights from the band's 2007 shows. The CD is a limited edition and comes in a fold-out digipak.
 Ahangar Kola-ye Sofla (Persian: اهنگركلاسفلي‎ also Romanized as Āhangar Kolā-ye Soflá) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 574 in 155 families.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Larim Rural District Gil Khuran District Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 72 families.
 Zulima Farber (born 1944) is the former Attorney General of New Jersey and the first Latina (Cuban) to serve as Acting Governor of New Jersey. She was appointed to the position in 2006 by Governor Jon Corzine. Farber resigned as Attorney General on August 31 2006 at which time First Assistant Attorney General Anne Milgram took the helm on an interim basis and served until Stuart Rabner took office on September 26 2006.
 Sirocco is the world's largest all open-air restaurant and Sky Bar located on the 64th floor of the State Tower in Bangkok Thailand which is the second tallest building in Thailand. The 150-capacity restaurant opened its doors in the winter of 2003.
 Kimagure Orange Road: I Want to Return to That Day (きまぐれオレンジ☆ロード あの日にかえりたい Kimagure Orenji Rōdo Ano Hi ni Kaeritai) is a soundtrack album released for the anime film by the same title. The album was produced by Futureland and released in Japan on 5 October 1988.
 Nebria holzunensis is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Altai region of Russia.
 Hungarian Rhapsody (Hungarian: Magyar rapszódia) is a 1979 Hungarian drama film directed by Miklós Jancsó. It was entered into the 1979 Cannes Film Festival.
 Terra Nova is a 1998 Australian film.
 The Saitta House is a two-and-a-half-story one-family Queen Anne dwelling in the Dyker Heights section of Brooklyn New York.It was completed ca. 1899 by architect John J. Petit and builder P.J. la Note for Beatrice and Simone Saitta (pronounced: sigh-eat-a). The home is located on the north side of 84th Street between Twelfth Avenue to the east and Eleventh Avenue to the west.
 They Threw Us All in a Trench and Stuck a Monument on Top is the first album released by dance-punk band Liars in October of 2001. It was then released in 2002 by English label Blast First Records. It displays the band in its original line-up with singer Angus Andrew guitarist Aaron Hemphill bassist Pat Noecker (currently in These Are Powers) and drummer Ron Albertson.
 The Osceola News-Gazette is a weekly newspaper based in Osceola County Florida. Its print version is published on Thursdays and Saturdays out of its main editorial office in Kissimmee. Its website (AroundOsceola.com) was overhauled in August 2013.
 Milano Strut is an album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen featuring drummer/percussionist Don Moye recorded in 1978 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must) is a 2004 book by Ann Coulter.The book is a collection of columns written by Coulter between September 12 2001 and March 9 2005 on liberalism the war on terror and the media.In it Coulter offers advice gleaned from her experience as a political pundit.
 Stumptown is a four-issue American comic book limited series written by Greg Rucka with art by Matthew Southworth launched by Oni Press on November 4 2009. A second volume began in September 2012 and will run for five issues.The comic book is a modern day Detective fiction series based in Portland Oregon featuring Dex Parios a female private investigator with a gambling problem.
 The Domoșița River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Sarijalu (Persian: ساريجالو‎ also Romanized as Sārījālū) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 228 in 72 families.
 Cosmopterix xanthura is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Mexico (Tabasco).Adults have been recorded in March.
 Late Night Heartbroken Blues is the debut studio album release by Swedish Singer-songwriter Miss Li. It was released on November 22 2006 and reached #60 on the Swedish albums chart where it charted for one single week.The album was recorded in A-Stream Studio at Sankt Eriksplan in Stockholm by recording engineer Henrik Åström.
 Peelipose Thomas is a politician a lawyer and an active social worker in Pathanamthitta. He is the candidate of LDF in pathanamthitta parliament constituency. former AICC member and a former member of the State Planning Board. He was a UDF candidate for Kerala Assembly Elections 2011 at Ranni.He took an supporting role for the local population regarding the development of Aranmula Airport.
 Stempfferia alba is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Republic of Congo.
 Raised on Country Music is the eighth studio album by Canadian country music group Family Brown. It was released in 1982 by RCA Records and includes the singles Some Never Stand a Chance Raised on Country Music and Memorized by Heart which all charted on the RPM Country Tracks chart in Canada. The album won the award for Album of the Year at the 1982 and 1983 Canadian Country Music Association Awards.
 Half Moon (Kurdish: Nîwe Mang/Nîvê Heyvê) is a 2006 film written and directed by the Iranian Kurdish filmmaker Bahman Ghobadi. Half Moon is a joint production of Iran Austria France and Iraq. This movie was commissioned by the New Crowned Hope festival a celebration of the 250th birthday of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and the story plot has been inspired in part by Mozart's Requiem.
 Who Says God Is Dead! is a 1968 Gospel album by American country singer-songwriter Loretta Lynn her second religious music album following 1965's Hymns. Four of the songs on the album were written or co-written by Lynn.
 Chase is Dean Koontz's first hardcover novel originally written under the name K. R. Dwyer and released in 1972 it was revised and reissued in 1995 within Strange Highways.
 Epsom Mad Funkers: The Best of EMF is a compilation and the final album by Gloucestershire indie dance band EMF released in 2001. It contains their last two singles Incredible and Let's Go.
 The Dante Quartet is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage completed in 1987. The film was inspired by Dante's The Divine Comedy and took six years to produce.
 Azumi 2: Death or Love (あずみ2 Death or Love Azumi Tsū Desu oa Rabu) is the sequel to the Japanese film Azumi based on the manga series by Yū Koyama.
 Linda Brava is a debut classical album by Finnish violinist Linda Brava released worldwide in 1999. The album was released through the EMI Classics label. Linda Brava is a collection of easy-on-the-ear violin favourites including pieces by Edvard Grieg Jules Massenet Johann Sebastian Bach Charles Gounod Edward Elgar Gabriel Fauré Fritz Kreisler Niccolò Paganini and Jean Sibelius. On this EMI Abbey Road production Ms. Brava's accompanist is well-known John Lenehan.Ms.
 Lake Glubokoye (Russian: Озеро Глубокое literally: Lake Deep) is a lake on the Eastern edge of the Putorana Plateau near Norilsk Russia. It is connected with Lake Melkoye (Lake Shallow) by the Glubokaya River. Area: 136 km² average depth: 16m.
 The Granatspitze Group (German: Granatspitzgruppe) is a sub-group of the Central Alps within the Eastern Alps. Together with the Ankogel Group the Goldberg Group the Glockner Group the Schober Group the Kreuzeck Group the Venediger Group the Villgraten Mountains and the Rieserferner Group the Granatspitze Group forms the main range known as the High Tauern. The Granatspitze Group is located in Austria in the federal states of Salzburg and Tyrol.
 Songbook is the second studio album by German musician composer and producer Roger-Pierre Shah.
 Lanistes solidus is a species of large freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk with a gill and an operculum in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.
 Upper Summit Lake is a lake in Regional District of Fraser-Fort George in the Central Interior of British Columbia Canada about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of the city of Prince George and 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of the community of Bear Lake. It lies just west of Highway 97 (John Hart Highway).
 South is a large lunar crater that is located in the northwest part of the Moon. Most of the southern wall of this crater is joined to the Sinus Roris bay of the Oceanus Procellarum with the southeast rim facing Mare Frigoris. Attached to the northwest of the formation is the larger walled plain Babbage. Just to the northeast is the crater Robinson and farther to the northeast is another walled plain J.
 Lake & Flames is the second album by Polish band The Car Is on Fire. It was produced by Leszek Biolik (Republika). It won the Fryderyk for Best Alternative Album of 2006 and was voted the best album of the year by listeners of Polish Radio 3 (as was its first single Can't Cook (Who Cares?)). The album features lots of string/horn arrangements synths and vocal harmonies as opposed to the raw garage style of the group's debut album.
 Mount Chincogan is located northwest of Mullumbimby New South Wales Australia and west of Ocean Shores. It is part of a large shield volcano Mount Warning which erupted millions of years ago.
 The Newburyport Harbor Rear Range Light is a historic lighthouse at 61½ Water St. near the Merrimack River in Newburyport Massachusetts. It was built in 1873 as one of a pair of range lights for guiding ships up the river to the city's harbor.
 The Río Juan Martín is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Brusqeulia costispina is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Espitiro Santo).The wingspan is about 10 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is whitish sprinkled with greyish. The suffusions and strigulae are grey. The hindwings are brownish grey but transparent and pale in the basal half.
 Kaşıkçışeyhler is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 153 people.
 Exyrias is a genus of gobies mostly native to marine waters of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean with one freshwater species (E. volcanus) known from the Philippines.
 The Valea Bujorilor River is a tributary of the Valea Morarului River in Romania.
 The Black Session: Paris 10 May 2011 is a live album by English rock band Wire. It was released on 14 February 2012.
 Enola; or Her fatal mistake is an 1886 book written by Mary Young Ridenbaugh. It is notable for being the inspiration indirectly for the naming of the Enola Gay the B-29 bomber airplane which dropped the first atomic bomb on Hiroshima.
 Trevayne is Robert Ludlum's fourth novel published in 1973 under the pseudonym Jonathan Ryder.The novel centers around an independent and headstrong tycoon who reluctantly accepts an appointment from the President of the United States to head a subcommission to investigate malfeasance and rampant corruption committed by contractors and subcontractors with the Pentagon. The investigation quickly unearths dangerous truths.The book was later reissued under Ludlum's proper name.
 The Cup Winner is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe. It is set against a backdrop of horseracing and the finale involves real footage from the 1911 Melbourne Cup.
 Zagorzyce [zaɡɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów Małopolski within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Sędziszów Małopolski 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Ropczyce and 24 km (15 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 3900.
 Saint Andrew Juvenile Remand Centre is a high security institution with a capacity of 48.It is operated by the Department of Correctional Services for the Ministry of National Security.
 Fold was the debut release by Australian rock band Epicure. It was issued on 7 August 2000.
 Mesophleps unguella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Kenya.The wingspan is 11.5–15 mm. The forewings are pale ochre with several black spots along the termen.
 Polar Shift is the sixth book in the NUMA Files series of books co-written by best-selling author Clive Cussler and Paul Kemprecos and was published in 2005. The main character of this series is Kurt Austin.In this novel geologic polar shift is connected with magnetic polar shift based on the supposed theories of Laszlo Kovacs a student of real life Nikola Tesla.
 Chruśle [ˈxruɕlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Cold Comfort Farm is a 1995 British comedy film directed by John Schlesinger and produced by the BBC and Thames Television an adaptation of Stella Gibbons' 1932 book of the same name the film stars Kate Beckinsale Joanna Lumley Ian McKellen and Rufus Sewell. Originally broadcast on 1 January 1995 on the BBC it was Schlesinger's final film shot in his home country of Britain and was picked up for theatrical release in North America through Gramercy Pictures where it was a small success.
 Krzekoty [kʂɛˈkɔtɨ] (German: Groß Hasselberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelkowo within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Braniewo and 67 km (42 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 70.
 Stolen a fantasy novel written by Canadian author Kelley Armstrong is the second book in the Women of the Otherworld series.
 Vivanta by Taj—Connemara Chennai is a five-star hotel in Chennai India. It is a heritage hotel in Chennai. Classified under the Taj Group's business hotels section the hotel is considered the oldest hotel in the city.
 The Plăieșu River is a tributary of the Păscoaia River in Romania.
 Carl Th. Dreyer: My Metier (Danish: Carl Th. Dreyer: Min metier) is a 1995 Danish documentary film directed by Torben Skjødt Jensen about the film career of Carl Theodor Dreyer.
 Barkatullah Khan (1920 – 1973) was a politician from Indian state of Rajasthan and a leader of Indian National Congress party. He was elected to state assembly from Jodhpur.He was chief minister of Rajasthan from 9 July 1971 to 11 October 1973.
 Flying Again is an album by the country rock group The Flying Burrito Brothers released in 1975.After Gram Parsons' death in 1973 posthumous interest in his music grew. This interest caused the band's original label A&M Records to release the compilation album Close Up the Honky-Tonks.
 Pizzo Redorta is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Guilty Pleasures is the tenth studio album by Quiet Riot released in 2001. It is the last to feature guitarist Carlos Cavazo and bassist Rudy Sarzo. It was produced jointly by John Rollo and Quiet Riot.
 The European Journal of Combinatorics (usually abbreviated as European J. Combin.) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal for combinatorics. It is an international bimonthly journal of pure mathematics specializing in theories arising from combinatorial problems. The journal is primarily open to papers dealing with mathematical structures within combinatorics and/or establishing direct links between combinatorics and other branches of mathematics and the theories of computing.
 Ross Crater is an impact crater in the Thaumasia quadrangle of Mars located at 57.7 S and 107.84 W. It is 82.51 km in diameter. It was named after Frank E. Ross an American astronomer (1874-1966). The crater's name was approved in 1973.
 Strabomantis cheiroplethus is a species of frog in the Strabomantidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Tacoosh River is a 20.1-mile-long (32.3 km) river situated on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It flows into Lake Michigan at Little Bay de Noc.
 Poisonous Mentality is the second album released by rap group Poison Clan. It was released on April 7 1992 for Luke Records and was produced by JT Money Devastator Mike Fresh McRay and Luther Campbell. The album found mild success peaking at #62 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #20 on the Top Heatseekers. By the time this album was released Debonaire had left the group and was replaced by Uzi and Madball.
 Osowiec [ɔˈsɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Iława and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Urququcha (Quechua urqu male / mountain qucha lake mountain lake or male lake hispanicized spelling Orcococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region Castrovirreyna Province Santa Ana District and in the Huaytará Province Pilpichaca District. It is situated east of the lake Chuqlluqucha and northwest of the smaller lake Q'araqucha.
 The 46th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday of October and terms began on the first Tuesday in January. It met in Dover Delaware convening January 1 1822 two weeks before the beginning of the year of the administration of Governor John Collins.
 Gealtacht Mael Mórdha is the second full-length studio album by the Irish celtic doom metal band Mael Mórdha.
 The Sneffels Range regionally conterminous with San Juans is the name of a young prominent rocky range of mountains in southwestern Colorado of the San Juan Mountains. The Sneffels Range is often compared with the Grand Tetons because they both have a similar rugged appearance and a dramatic vertical rise. The Sneffels range form the southern border of Ouray County and run west to east.
 José Manuel Eguiguren Urrejola (1811–1883) was a Chilean politician and lawyer. He was born in Cauquenes in 1811 and died in Santiago in 1883. He was the son of Don José Manuel de Eguiguren Uriarte and Doña María Josefa Urrejola de Lecler y Vicourt. He married María Concepción Gaete Ruiz.
 The Queen Elizabeth II Jubilee Hospital (QE II) is a public hospital located in Coopers Plains Brisbane Australia. The hospital was officially opened on 26 September 1980.The hospital originally was developed to be a site for future expansion of the Mater Children's Hospital a center for servicing the needs of the Commonwealth Games held nearby and a range of other initiatives that never eventuated.
 Burnham Tavern' is a historic tavern on Main Street (now Colonial Way) in Machias Maine.It was built in 1770 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.The tavern is operated as the Burnham Tavern Museum by the Hannah Weston Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR). Featuring late 18th period furnishings the house includes artifacts from the Battle of Machias the first naval battle of the American Revolutionary War.
 Charles Elson Buddy Roemer III (born October 4 1943) is an American politician and banker who served as the 52nd Governor of Louisiana from 1988 to 1992 and previously as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1981 to 1988.Roemer was a candidate for the presidential nominations of the Republican Party and the Reform Party in 2012.
 Round Heads and Pointed Heads (German: Die Rundköpfe und die Spitzköpfe) is an epic parable play written by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht in collaboration with Margarete Steffin Emil Burri Elisabeth Hauptmann and the composer Hanns Eisler.
 Journal Press is a weekly newspaper based in King George Virginia covering King George and Westmoreland Counties and the Town of Colonial Beach Virginia.
 Wedding Rings is a 1929 American drama film directed by William Beaudine and starring H.B. Warner Lois Wilson and Olive Borden.
 The Red and the Green is a 1965 novel by Iris Murdoch that covers the events leading up to and during the Easter Rebellion in Ireland during World War I.
 Charles Gordon 11th Marquess of Huntly PC DL JP (5 March 1847 – 20 February 1937) styled Lord Strathavon until 1853 and Earl of Aboyne between 1853 and 1863 was a Scottish Liberal politician. He served under William Ewart Gladstone as Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms between January and June 1881.
 The Swing in the Garden first published in 1975 by Oberon is the fifth novel by Canadian author Hugh Hood and the first in his ambitious 12-novel cycle The New Age.
 Celiny [t͡sɛˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelów within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Lelów 36 km (22 mi) east of Częstochowa and 70 km (43 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 73.
 New York City Hall is located at the center of City Hall Park in the Civic Center area of Lower Manhattan New York City between Broadway Park Row and Chambers Street. The building is the oldest city hall in the United States that still houses its original governmental functions such as the office of the Mayor of New York City and the chambers of the New York City Council.
 Reality is Dream's second album.
 Mirab Boris-ipa Kishmaria (Abkhaz: Мираб Борис-иҧа Кишьмариа Russian: Мира́б Бори́сович Кишма́рия) is the current Minister of Defence of the Republic of Abkhazia which enjoys only limited recognition internationally.
 She Married Her Boss is a 1935 film directed by Gregory La Cava and starring Claudette Colbert and Melvyn Douglas.
 Kadhar is a village and union council of Mandi Bahauddin District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at an altitude of 203 metres (669 feet).
 Charles Elson Roemer IV known as Chas Roemer (born February 1970) is the Republican chairman of the Louisiana Board of Elementary and Secondary Education the 11-member state body which sets and monitors education policy. A resident of Baton Rouge Louisiana Roemer is the leader of the majority faction of the board which seeks to implement reforms and innovations pushed by Governor Bobby Jindal and state Education Superintendent John C. White.
 Live from the Royal Albert Hall is the fourth live album by American blues rock musician Joe Bonamassa. Recorded on May 4 2009 at the Royal Albert Hall in London England it was released on September 22 2009 by J&R Adventures.
 Robert Gerard Kerin (born 4 January 1954) was the Liberal Premier of South Australia from 22 October 2001 to 5 March 2002. He also served as Deputy Premier of South Australia to John Olsen from 7 July 1998 until he became premier upon Olsen's resignation.Born to parents Maurice and Molly Kerin in Crystal Brook Kerin attended the Adelaide Catholic secondary school Sacred Heart College Senior.
 Jagłowiec [jaˈɡwɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Robert Collier 2nd Baron Monkswell (26 January 1845 - 22 December 1909) was a British Liberal politician. He was briefly Under-Secretary of State for War under The Earl of Rosebery in 1895.
 Paul Lucier (July 29 1930 – July 23 1999) was a Canadian businessman and Senator.Born in LaSalle Ontario the son of Adolph Lucier and Claire Laframboise he was appointed by Pierre Trudeau the first Senator representing the senatorial division of Yukon in 1975. Sitting as a Liberal he served until his death in 1999.He also served as mayor of Whitehorse Yukon for several years.
 The Suffolk County Courthouse also known as the John Adams Courthouse is a historic courthouse building on Pemberton Square in Boston Massachusetts that is home to the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court and the Massachusetts Appeals Court. The Court was built in 1893. From 1893 to 1938 the Supreme Judicial Court and the Social Law Library occupied the building known then as the Suffolk County Courthouse.
 The Boy Next Door is an album by Anglo-American jazz singer Stacey Kent. The songs are associated with some of Kent's musical heroes.
 Barrister Andaleeve Rahman Partho (Bengali: আন্দালীব রহমান পার্থ ; born 20 April 1974) is the president of Bangladesh Jatiya Party.
 Roots: The Next Generations is a television miniseries introduced in 1979 continuing from 1882 to the 1960s the fictionalized story of the family of Alex Haley and their life in Henning Lauderdale County Tennessee USA.
 Double Trouble (寶島雙雄) is a 2012 Taiwanese action comedy film directed by David Chang and starring Jaycee Chan and Xia Yu.
 Raising Helen is a 2004 American comedy-drama film directed by Garry Marshall and written by Jack Amiel and Michael Begler. It stars Kate Hudson John Corbett Joan Cusack Hayden Panettiere siblings Spencer and Abigail Breslin with Helen Mirren. It grossed $37486138 in its domestic box office.
 25 Year Celebration of Mannheim Steamroller is a two-disc anthology album released by new age musical group Mannheim Steamroller in 1999 in honor of the group's 25th anniversary.
 Quinx published in 1985 and sub-titled The Ripper's Tale is the 5th and final volume in Lawrence Durrell's Quincunx of novels The Avignon Quintet following the activities of Constance Blanford Sutcliffe Lord Galen and most of the other surviving characters (including some of those who are theoretically fictional from Blanford's novel) as they return to Provence and Avignon in the immediate aftermath of the war.
 Hays Bridge Historic District is a national historic district located in Montgomery Township Franklin County Pennsylvania. The district includes two contributing buildings and two contributing structures. The buildings are a three-story five bay limestone house and bank barn dated to the early-19th century. The structures are an early-19th century stone double arch bridge and a Burr Truss covered bridge dated to 1883.
 Mat Rona Ramjani Chacha (Hindi: मत रोना रमज़ानी चाचा)is a collection of ghazals by the Indian poet Ravindra Prabhat. Mat Rona Ramjani Chacha depicts the interplay of human emotions thoughts and actions by taking mythological metaphors.
 Chrysogaster is a genus of small hoverflies in the subfamily Eristalinae. They are dark or black with shiny colourful reflections and can often be seen visiting flowers in damp marshy areas where the aquatic larvae live. Species in the related genera Melanogaster Orthonevra Lejogaster and Riponnensia were formerly treated as members of Chrysogaster.
 Edwin Carroll McLogan (March 31 1889 – October 12 1949) was a Michigan politician.
 Étangs de Neych are a group of ponds at Siguer in the Ariège department France.
 Okami-san (おかみさん lit. The Manageress) is a Japanese sports manga by Ichimaru about a woman who becomes the manager of a stable of sumo wrestlers. It was published by Shogakukan in Big Comic Original from 1990 to 1999 and collected in seventeen tankōbon volumes. It received the 1993 Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga.
 Alex X. Mooney (born June 7 1971) is a former Maryland State Senator representing District 3.
 Hajoca Corporation Headquarters and Showroom is a historic commercial building located in the University City neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1921 and expanded in 1930. It is a two-story flat roofed building in the Art Deco style. It is clad in limestone and features decorative brickwork. The building houses the World Cafe Live a live music venue dedicated to showcasing live music.
 The São João River (Verde River) is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Road to Hong Kong is a 1962 British comedy film directed by Norman Panama and starring Bing Crosby Bob Hope as well as Joan Collins with a cameo featuring Dorothy Lamour. This was the last in the long-running Road to … series and the only one not produced by Paramount Pictures though references to the others in the series are made in the film and shown in Maurice Binder's opening title sequence.
 Meshelsheh-ye Sofla (Persian: مشلشه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Meshelsheh-ye Soflá; also known as Mesheylshīyeh-ye Pā’īn Mesheylshīyeh-ye Soflá Mīshelshīyeh-ye Soflá Mowsher Sheyeh and Mowsher Shīyeh) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 39 families.
 Eudonia jucunda is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Oahu Lanai and Hawaii.
 Oluremi Tinubu (born 21 September 1960) is the former first Lady and currently a Senator of Lagos State. She is a member of the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN) party.
 Fushigi Yûgi Genbu Kaiden (ふしぎ遊戯 玄武開伝) is a manga written by Yuu Watase. It premiered in Japan in 2003 in Sho-Comi moved to an off-shoot magazine Fushigi Yûgi Perfect World in 2004. It was serialized sporadically in Monthly Flowers until 2008 when the series went on hiatus until spring 2010 when it began serialization in Rinka magazine.
 Philip Leon Phil Wise (born September 5 1946) is a former ten-term Iowa State Representative. He served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1987 through 2009 and did not seek re-election in 2008. He received his BS and MS from Northwest Missouri State University.During his last term in the Iowa House Wise served on the Commerce Economic Growth Education and Ways and Means committees and served as Vice Chair of the Administrative Rules Review Committee.
 Clarissa Oakes (titled The Truelove in the U.S.A.; 1993) is an historical novel set during the Napoleonic Wars written by British author Patrick O'Brian. It is the fifteenth book in the Aubrey-Maturin series concerning the adventures of naval commander Jack Aubrey and his friend ship's surgeon naturalist and spy Stephen Maturin.
 Generation is a student publication that operates out of the State University of New York at Buffalo in Buffalo New York. Founded in 1984 by Eric Francis Coppolino it is a fortnightly magazine with wide-ranging news arts literary and sports features concerning both campus and community events and issues.
 Vexillum amandum common name : the Amanda mitre is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Lamoria exiguata is a species of snout moth. It is found in South Africa and Zimbabwe.
 Scopula calotis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Cholenice is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It is located 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) south of Jičín and 66 kilometres (41 mi) east of Prague.The municipality covers an area of 4.54 square kilometres (1.75 sq mi) and as of 2006 it had a population of 210.First written notice about the village is from year 1099.
 Merica is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Ankireddy Gudem is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Choutuppal mandal.
 Someone's Knocking at the Door is a 2009 American comedy horror film co-written and directed by Chad Ferrin. The film stars Noah Segan Andrea Rueda Ezra Buzzington Elina Madison Jon Budinoff Ricardo Gray Lew Temple and Vernon Wells.
 Kendel Sibiski Ehrlich is the former First Lady of Maryland having served from 2003 to 2007 during the administration of Maryland Gov. Robert Ehrlich. She is the first woman of Polish descent to have been Maryland's First Lady.From 1990 to 1995 Ehrlich was an Assistant Public Defender in Anne Arundel County Maryland. She also served for four years as a prosecutor with Harford County Maryland.
 1000 Thoughts of Violence is the fourth album by Indonesian extreme metal band Kekal released in 2003. The central theme of the album is moral decline and the violent nature of humanity. This was the first and only major studio album by the band without the skills of additional guitarist Leo Setiawan.It is one of four albums available for free download on the official website.
 Norman Rockwell's World... An American Dream is a 1972 short documentary film directed by Robert Deubel. It won an Academy Award in 1973 for Best Short Subject.
 Hank Williams The Roy Orbison Way is an album recorded by Roy Orbison for MGM Records released in August 1970. It is a tribute album to the songs of Country Music Hall of Fame honky tonk singer Hank Williams whom Orbison listed among his influences. The album was recorded in just three sessions in early 1969 and none of its tracks were released as singles.
 Ochudno [ɔˈxudnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Rząśnik 9 km (6 mi) north of Wyszków and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Munroe Lake is a lake in northern Manitoba near the provincial boundary with Nunavut Canada.
 Augustinian Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to the study of Augustine of Hippo. Its primary focus is the study of Augustine himself as viewed from various theological philosophical and historical perspectives. Articles concerned more broadly with the study of Augustine such as studies of other persons groups or issues in Augustine's time may also be included. The journal also publishes the annual Saint Augustine Lecture given each Fall at Villanova University.
 The Ocoliș is a small river in the Apuseni Mountains Alba County western Romania. It is a left tributary of the river Arieş. It flows through the municipality Ocoliș and joins the Arieș in the village Ocoliș. It is fed by several smaller streams including Pociovaliștea and Craca.
 Crimson Hero (紅色HERO Beni-iro Hīrō) is a Japanese sports-themed manga series written and illustrated by Mitsuba Takanashi. Crimson Hero is serialized in Shueisha's shōjo manga magazine Bessatsu Margaret.
 A Voyage to Arcturus is a novel by Scottish writer David Lindsay first published in 1920. It combines fantasy philosophy and science fiction in an exploration of the nature of good and evil and their relationship with existence. It has been described by critic and philosopher Colin Wilson as the greatest novel of the twentieth century and was a central influence on C. S. Lewis's Space Trilogy. Also J. R. R.
 Jeb A. Bardon is a Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives representing the 25th District since 1998.
 Gasp (Chinese: 气喘吁吁) is a 2009 Chinese film directed by Zheng Zhong (Chinese: 郑重).
 Housekeeping is a 1987 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Bill Forsyth and starring Christine Lahti Sara Walker and Andrea Burchill. Based on the 1980 novel Housekeeping by Marilynne Robinson the film is about two young sisters growing up in Idaho during the 1950s. After being abandoned by their mother and raised by elderly relatives the sisters are looked after by their eccentric aunt whose unconventional and unpredictable ways affect their lives.
 African Violet is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell which features arrangements by McKinley Mitchell recorded and released on the Impulse! label in 1977.
 Røvik Church (Norwegian: Røvik kyrkje) is a parish church in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Røvika. The church is part of the Røvik og Veøy parish in the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1905 in the Swiss chalet style. The architect was Gabriel Smith. The church seats about 280 people.
 Skinner's Room is a short story by William Gibson originally composed for Visionary San Francisco a 1990 museum exhibition exploring the future of San Francisco. It features the first appearance in Gibson's fiction of the Bridge which Gibson revisited as the setting of his acclaimed Bridge trilogy of novels. In the story the Bridge is overrun by squatters among them Skinner who occupies a shack atop a bridgetower.
 Megalopalpus simplex is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Liberia Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda.
 Shangfang Mountain (Chinese: 上方山; pinyin: ShàngFāng shān) is a small mountain located in southwest of Suzhou near Shihu Lake. It's also a part of Shangfang Mountain National Forest Park. It is famous for Wu and Yue ruins.
 Home of the Brave is a 2006 drama film following the lives of four Army National Guard soldiers in Iraq and their return to the United States. The film was shot in Morocco and in Spokane Washington.
 Shahabuddin Ahmed (born 1 February 1930) was the 11th and 13th President of Bangladesh. He also served as the Chief Justice of the country. He took over the office of President after a popular uprising against President Hussain Mohammad Ershad in 1991 for what constitution of the country had been amended through 11th amendment. After the resumption of democracy he returned to his duties as the Chief Justice following the amendment. Later he served as the President from 1996 to 2001.
 Crimson Spell (クリムゾン・スぺル Kurimuzon.Superu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ayano Yamane. It is licensed in North America by SuBLime Manga and in Germany by Tokyopop Germany.
 The Bohart Museum of Entomology was founded in 1946 on the campus of the University of California Davis. The museum is currently the seventh largest insect collection in North America with more than seven million specimens of terrestrial and freshwater arthropods. At least 90% of these holdings are insects. The collection is worldwide in scope with the Western Hemisphere Indonesia and Australasia particularly well represented.
 Bahder Djohan (Padang July 30 1902 - Jakarta March 8 1981) was the 6th Minister of Education and Culture of Indonesia. He served in the Natsir and Wilopo Cabinets.
 The Lower Mississippi River is the portion of the Mississippi River downstream of Cairo Illinois. From the confluence of the Ohio River and Upper Mississippi River at Cairo the Lower flows just under 1600 kilometers (1000 mi) to the Gulf of Mexico. It is the most heavily travelled component of the Mississippi River System.Unlike on the upper rivers there are no locks or dams on the Lower Mississippi.
 Luo Huining (Chinese: 骆惠宁; born October 1954) is a politician of the People's Republic of China. He is the Communist Party Chief and former Governor of Qinghai province.
 Herøy Church (Norwegian: Herøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Herøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Silvalen on the island of Sør-Herøya. The church is part of the Herøy parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white stone church was built in the 1100s and it seats about 350 people.
 Casi Casi (English Translation: Almost Nearly) is a 2006 Puerto Rican film written and directed by brothers Jaime and Tony Vallés. It received a theatrical release in Puerto Rico in early 2007.The film takes place in a Catholic school in Puerto Rico where the main character Emilio is infatuated with Jacklynne the most popular girl in his school.
 This article is about the trilobite. For the Star Wars character see Han Solo.Han is a genus of agnostid trilobite whose sole member is Han solo a species known only from fossils found in the Ordovician Zitai Formation of southern China.
 Lotta flyttar hemifrån is a 1993 Swedish film directed by Johanna Hald. It's the 2nd film based on the books about Lotta på Bråkmakargatan written by Astrid Lindgren.
 Rock Solid Guitar is the seventh studio album by guitarist David T. Chastain. The last song on the album Hats Off to Angus and Malcolm is Chastain's tribute to the AC/DC brothers Angus and Malcolm Young.
 Texas Moon is an album released by country musician David Allan Coe. It was released in 1977 on Plantation.
 Piz Lunghin (2780 m) is a mountain in the Swiss canton of Graubünden located in the Albula range overlooking the Maloja Pass. It can be considered as the roof of Europe as the water running off the mountain can head towards the Atlantic Mediterranean or Black Sea.
 City of Bohane (2011) is the debut novel by Irish author Kevin Barry. The book is set in the year 2053 in a world with minimal technology. It received largely positive reviews and won the 2013 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award.
 Ronald Daus (12 May 1943 Hannover) is a German university Professor of Romance philology and cultural studies at the Free University of Berlin involved in multi-disciplinary studies. Daus researches in the field of study Neue Romania (New Romania) for over 40 years with the focus on the contacts between European and extra-European cultures.
 The Trairi River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 Johny I Love You is an Indian film directed by Rakesh Kumar and released in 1982. The movie stars Sanjay Dutt Rati Agnihotri Amrish Puri Suresh Oberoi.
 Allari Pidugu (Telugu: అల్లరి పిడుగు) is a Tollywood film which released on 5 October 2005 and was directed by Jayant Paranjee. Balakrishna plays a dual role and Katrina Kaif and Charmi play the heroines.The film met with negative reviews from critics and was declared a flop at the box office.
 Milliyet (Turkish for nationality) is a major Turkish daily newspaper founded in 1950.
 Metamorphosis is a 2012 feature film adaptation of Franz Kafka's classic novella Die Verwandlung (The Metamorphosis).
 Ekinhisar is a village in the District of Sandıklı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Crater Peak elevation 11333 ft (3454 m) is the highest point on Grand Mesa in western Colorado.
 Ram Bilas Sharma (1949– ) is a former Indian state education minister and prominent politician who has represented the Mahendragarh constituency in the northern state of Haryana four times.
 West Africa is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson which was recorded in 1973 and first released on the Muse label.
 Muskurahat is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.
 Every Night is an album by Saturday Looks Good to Me. It was released on September 14 2004 on Polyvinyl.
 Dr. Kirit Premjibhai Solanki is an Indian Politician and is Member of Parliament in the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Ahmedabad West constituency of Gujarat and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party political party.
 Kraig J. Powell (born March 18 1966 in Tacoma Washington) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives representing District 54 since January 1 2009.
 Be Here Now (or Remember Be Here Now) is a seminal 1971 book on spirituality yoga and meditation by the Western-born yogi and spiritual teacher Ram Dass. The title comes from a statement his guide Bhagavan Das made during Ram Dass's journeys in India. The cover features a mandala incorporating the title a chair radial lines and the word Remember repeated four times.
 The Portland City Hall is the center of city government in Portland Maine. The structure was built in 1909 and was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Jeon Yeo-ok (born on April 9 1959) is a conservative female South Korean politician who came from a journalist background. Of a pro-Lee Myung-bak background she is known for expressing unsatisfying discontent against Park Geun-hye who regained control of the Saenuri Party (formally the Grand National Party). She was not nominated during the party nomination process for the 2012 legislative election as one of the close supporters of Lee Myung-bak.
 Musicae Scientiae is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Music Psychology. The journal's editor is Reinhard Kopiez (Hochschule für Musik Theater und Medien Hannover). It has been in publication since 1997 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of European Society for the Cognitive Sciences of Music.
 Don't Wait is the first solo studio album released by Adie on September 26 2006.
 Wallace & Gromit: The Best of Aardman Animation is a 1996 compilation film featuring previous Wallace and Gromit shorts.
 Putar (Persian: پوطار‎ also Romanized as Pūţār and Pūtār; also known as Ābādī Seyyed Ābādseyyed Ābād Sīd and Āb Garm-e Seyyedī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 9 families.
 St. Joseph's Catholic Church is a parish of the Archdiocese of Dubuque. The church is located in Elkader Iowa United States at 330 1st St. NW. The church and parish hall are both listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Nip the Buds Shoot the Kids (also known as Pluck the Bud and Destroy the Offspring) is a 1958 novel by Japanese author Kenzaburō Ōe. It is Ōe's first novel written when he was 23 years old.It was originally published in 1958. The English version was translated in 1995.
 Dushman is a 1972 Hindi film produced by Premji and directed by Dulal Guha. It is based on a novel by Veerendra Sharma.
 Nightmare is a 2011 Chinese horror film directed by Yip Wai Ying.
 Pericyma vinsonii is a moth of the Erebidae family. It is found in Mauritius La Réunion and Madagascar.It has a wingspan of approx. 34 mm for the males and 41 mm for the females. Their larvae are commonly found on Delonix regia a Fabaceae but most probably they are polyphage as the adults can also be found up to altitudes of 1000m were this plant isn't found.
 Gone Nutty (also known as Scrat's Missing Adventure) is an animated short film directed by Carlos Saldanha for Blue Sky Studios. The short features the character Scrat from Ice Age who is yet again having troubles with collecting his beloved acorns. It was released on November 26 2002 on the Ice Age DVD and VHS.The film was nominated for the 2003 Academy Award for Animated Short Film.
 Mount Nokogiri (鋸山 Nokogiri-yama) literally saw mountain is a low mountain on the Bōsō Peninsula on Honshu Japan.
 Analeptes is a genus of flat-faced longhorns beetle belonging to the Cerambycidae family Lamiinae subfamily. The species can be found in Central Africa.
 Tommy George Thompson (born November 19 1941) is a United States Republican politician who was a state legislator in Wisconsin and 42nd Governor of Wisconsin from 1987 to 2001 (the longest serving). During his term as Governor he was the Chairman of AMTRAK the nation's passenger rail service. He served as the U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services from 2001 to 2005 appointed by George W. Bush.
 Peter Aloysius Müller (born 25 September 1955 in Illingen Saar Protectorate) is a German politician belonging to the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). From 1999 to 2011 he has held the position of Premier (Ministerpräsident) of the state of Saarland serving as President of the Upper House of Germany's federal parliament the Bundesrat from 1 November 2008 to 1 November 2009. In December 2011 Müller was elected as judge of German Bundesverfassungsgericht.
 Phyllonorycter nipigon is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is widespread across northern North America from Ontario to Alaska south to Colorado and the Sierra Nevada of California.The length of the forewings is 3.4-4.4 mm. Adults are on wing from late July to late October in one generation.The larvae feed on Populus balsamifera Populus angustifolia Populus fremontii Populus nigra and Populus tremuloides. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Car and Driver (CD or C/D) is an American automotive enthusiast magazine. Its total circulation is 1.23 million. It is owned by Hearst Magazines who purchased prior owner Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. in 2011. Originally headquartered in New York City the magazine has been based in Ann Arbor Michigan since the late 1970s.
 Animalympics was the soundtrack to a children's animated film of the same name Animalympics released in 1980. The soundtrack has had a very limited release only available on LP and cassette. It is not available yet on CD. The US edition was released on A&M Records while the UK and European editions were released on Mercury Records.The music to Animalympics was written and produced by Graham Gouldman founding member and bassist with 10cc.
 Novel with Cocaine or sometimes Cocain Romance (rus. Роман с кокаином - Roman s kokainom) is a mysterious Russian novel first published in 1934 in a Parisian émigré publication Numbers and subtitled Confessions of a Russian opium-eater. Its author was given as M. Ageyev. The English translation of the title fails to convey the double meaning of the Russian Роман meaning both novel and romance.
 The Corbeni River or Sacalasău River is a tributary of the Valea Fânețelor in Romania.
 Oncopera alboguttata is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New South Wales and Queensland.The larvae are subterranean and feed on the roots and bases of grasses in native and sown pastures.
 Piano Works is the third album of Craig Armstrong containing solo piano pieces from different soundtracks played by himself.
 Endre György (18 March 1848 – 15 January 1927) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Agriculture in 1905.
 Manga Action (漫画アクション) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Futabasha. It is currently published twice a month on the first and third Thursday The magazine was originally formed as Weekly Manga Action (WEEKLY漫画アクション) and began publishing weekly from July 7 1967. It is considered the first true seinen magazine.
 Svingin' with Svend is an album by American musician David Grisman and Danish musician Svend Asmussen released in 1987. It is attributed to the David Grisman Quintet featuring Svend Asmussen.All songs were recorded live with the exception of Lap-Nils Polska and Jitterbug Waltz which were recorded at Bay View Studios in Richmond California in 1987.
 Ramón Zaydín y Márquez Sterling (1895-1968) was a Cuban politician and Prime Minister of Cuba.He was an Abogado-notario who served as delegate to the Constitutional Convention of 1940 a Senator Prime Minister of Cuba (1942-1944) and vice-presidential candidate in the elections of 1944. He was also a professor at the University of Havana School of Law. He was married to Maria Antonia Diago.
 Scott Waguespack (born June 23 1970) is a member of the Chicago City Council representing the 32nd Ward of the City of Chicago since 2007.
 Sydney Charles Buxton 1st Earl Buxton GCMG PC (25 October 1853 – 15 October 1934) was a British Liberal politician of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 The Charles A. Hall Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 68 Mason Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built c. 1896 it is a well preserved example of a triple decker with Queen Anne styling. It follows a typical side hall plan but has a squared front bay that is unusual for that part of the city. The bay is decorated with bands of cut shingles and has window overhangs between floors.
 Zephaniah Swift (February 27 1759 – September 27 1823) was an eighteenth-century American author judge lawyer and politician from Windham Connecticut. He served as a U.S. Representative from Connecticut and State Supreme Court Judge. He wrote the first legal treatise published in America.
 Edwin Gustav Preis Sr. (February 17 1916 – July 28 2011) was a farmer and businessman who served from 1966 to 2000 as the Democratic mayor of the town of Newellton in Tensas Parish in northeastern Louisiana.Preis was born in Waterproof in southern Tensas Parish. In the late 1940s he moved to Newellton with his wife Patricia Preis to whom he was married for sixty-seven years until his death. There he engaged in business and served seven terms as mayor.
 Death Penalty is the debut album by British heavy metal band Witchfinder General. It was released in 1982 on Heavy Metal Records. The album received some criticism for the cover photograph which featured topless model Joanne Latham. The photograph had been taken in the yard of St Mary the Blessed Virgin Church in Enville Staffordshire without the permission of the local Reverend. The album was originally released on LP and picture disc and was later reissued on CD.
 The Dark Room (1995) is a crime novel by English writer Minette Walters. The story was shortlisted for a CWA Gold Dagger.
 Janet H. Adkins (born on October 9 1965) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 11th District which includes Nassau County and eastern Duval County since 2012.
 Bhavartha Ratnakara was formerly a little-known Sanskrit treatise on the predictive part of Hindu astrology which is believed to have been written by Ramanuja it had for a very long time remained confined mainly to the southern parts of India.
 Vardeh (Persian: ورده‎ also Romanized as Wardeh) is a village in Baraghan Rural District Chendar District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 74 in 28 families.
 Wilkołaz Trzeci [vilˈkɔwas ˈtʂɛt͡ɕi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilkołaz within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Kraśnik and 33 km (21 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 450.
 The eastern brown snake (Pseudonaja textilis) often referred to as the common brown snake is a species of genus Pseudonaja. This snake is considered the world's second most venomous land snake based on its LD50 value (SC) in mice. It is native to Australia Papua New Guinea and Indonesia.
 Crassispira oliva is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
 The Infidel is an album released in 1991 by Doubting Thomas two-thirds of the members of the group Skinny Puppy. The project has been called music for imaginary films. It was originally released in 1991 by Wax Trax! Records (bought 1992/93 by TVT Records) but has since gone out-of-print. It was re-released in 2007 by cEvin Key's Subconscious label as a 20th anniversary edition packaged with their Father Don't Cry EP and other bonus tracks.
 Migoplastis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Elvis' Golden Records is the fifth album by Elvis Presley issued by RCA Victor LPM 1707 in March 1958 recorded mostly at Radio Recorders in Hollywood with one session at RCA Studios in New York on January 30 one at 20th Century Fox Stage One in Hollywood on August 24 and three at in January and April 1956 at RCA Studios in Nashville. It is a compilation of hit singles released in 1956 and 1957 and is widely believed to be the first greatest hits album in rock and roll history.
 Married to Order is a 1920 film featuring Oliver Hardy. Prints of the film survive.
 Cora Unashamed is a TV film from The American Collection directed by Deborah M. Pratt starring Regina Taylor and Cherry Jones and released in 2000. The movie is based on a short story by the same name in The Ways of White Folks a collection of short stories by Langston Hughes.
 Reckless Kelly Was Here is a live CD/DVD by Reckless Kelly. It is the band's second live album and the first to include a DVD.
 Darevskia alpina is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.It is found in the Greater Caucasus in Georgia and Russia.
 Eliyathamby Ratnasabapathy (November 3 1938 - December 12 2006) was one of the founder member of the Eelam Revolutionary Organization of Students a Tamil militant group from Sri Lanka and a noted Marxist-Leninist political leader .
 C81 was a cassette compiled for the British magazine New Musical Express in 1981 (hence (C)assette 81) and released in conjunction with the record label Rough Trade. Featuring a number of contemporary musical acts and performers it was intended to mark the first 5 years of the independent label movement in the UK record industry and Rough Trade itself.
 The Lomond Hills (meaning beacon hills) also known as the Paps of Fife lie in the centre of Fife Scotland. At 522m West Lomond is the highest point in the county of Fife.
 Eilema tricolorana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1954. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Lone Ranger is a 2013 American action western film produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Jerry Bruckheimer Films and directed by Gore Verbinski. Based on the radio series of the same name the film stars Johnny Depp as Tonto the narrator of the events and Armie Hammer as John Reid (The Lone Ranger). It relates Tonto's memories of the duo's earliest efforts to subdue the immoral actions of the corrupt and bring justice in the American Old West.
 Wade Van Valkenburg was a Republican politician from Michigan who served as the Speaker of the Michigan House of Representatives and as a local judge.Born in Tipton on January 16 1899 Van Valkenburg graduated from the University of Michigan and from the then-Detroit College of Law.
 The Connecticut Lakes are a group of lakes in Coos County northern New Hampshire United States situated along the headwaters of the Connecticut River. They are accessed via the northernmost segment of U.S. Route 3 between the village of Pittsburg and the Canada port of entry south of Chartierville Quebec. The lakes are located within the boundaries of Pittsburg but are far from the town center.
 Dwando (English: The conflict) is a 2009 Bengali film. The film was directed by Suman Ghosh. According to Telegraph review the film is inspired by Krzysztof Kieslowski’s Decalogue II. This was Suman Ghosh's second film after Podokkhep.
 The Cavendish Mall (also known as Quartier Cavendish) is an indoor shopping centre in Côte Saint-Luc Quebec Canada. It includes a food court multiplex movie theater and a medical clinic: the CLSC Rene Cassin. A small highrise office-building is adjoined to the mall's southern half. Redeveloped in 2011 the mall was reduced to almost half its original size. David Cronenberg's 1977 film Rabid features scenes shot in the mall.
 Pasteurized (foaled 1935 in Virginia) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1938 Belmont Stakes.
 30 Days is a 1999 American independent film written and directed by Aaron Harnick. It stars Ben Shenkman and Arija Bareikis and premiered at the 1999 Toronto International Film Festival on 11 September. It was subsequently released in the United States on 15 September 2000.
 Ayyub (Persian: ايوب‎ also Romanized as Ayyūb) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 39 families.
 Psilothrix viridicoerulea is a species of soft-winged flower beetles belonging to the family Melyridae subfamily Dasytinae.This beetle is mainly present in Belgium Netherland Denmark Italy Spain Portugal and Greece.The adults grow up to 5–9 millimetres (0.20–0.35 in) long and are quite common in Summer on meadows pastures grasslands and a variety of flowers. Pronotum and elytra are punctuated and covered of black erect hairs.
 Diana is a 1980 album by American R&B and soul singer Diana Ross released by Motown. Her 11th studio album was and remains the biggest-selling studio collection of Ross' career. All songs are composed played and produced by Chic members Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards
 'The Collection' is a budget-priced 3-CD box set by Boney M. released on Sony-BMG featuring a mix of singles album tracks and 12 versions including one song Daddy Cool (Anniversary Recording '86) previously unavailable on CD and a further 17 mixes that are previously unreleased on CD. The tracks are divided into The Seventies (Disc 1) The Eighties (Disc 2) and The Best 12 Versions (Disc 3).
 Podrwinów [pɔdrˈvinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kiełczygłów 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Pajęczno and 72 km (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mount Buchon also known as the San Luis Range is a mountain range in San Luis Obispo County California.
 Fleur bleue is a 1971 Quebec-made comedy/drama film starring Susan Sarandon and Steve Fiset. Although the title literally translates to English as Blue Flower it is better known in English as The Apprentice which is a better translation of the idiom used in the title. It is one of the very few Canadian films that is functionally bilingual shot in both English and French with the appropriate dialogue dubbed for the appropriate audience.
 Goheonsan is a mountain in the vicinity of the city of Ulsan South Korea. It has an elevation of 1032 m (3386 ft).
 X-Ten is the tenth album of Blue System. Was published in 1994 by BMG Ariola and produced by Dieter Bohlen. The album contains 11 new tracks.
 Water in Time in Space (時空の水 Jikū no Mizu) is Susumu Hirasawa's first solo album. It includes recordings of three songs written for the unreleased P-MODEL album MONSTER. It is the first part of a trilogy with The Ghost in Science being the second part and Virtual Rabbit being the third part that deals with reality religion science and dreams.
 Ika Hands is a 1988 film by ethnographic filmmaker Robert Gardner.This film was shot in the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta of Northern Colombia. The people in it may be the only survivors of the Tairona. At an informational level the film shows the rounds of daily life while it attempts to disclose the interior life of a leading figure in the community portrayed. It does so by using a camera in a way that Robert Gardner says in his brief introduction no camera has yet been designed to do.
 Cynthia Soto is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 4th District since 2001.
 Gene Pitney's Big Sixteen Volume Two is American singer Gene Pitney's tenth album released on the Musicor label in the United States in 1965. The album was released as Gene Pitney's More Big Sixteen on the Stateside label in the United Kingdom.The compilation album featured Pitney's two most recent hit singles - It Hurts to Be in Love and I'm Gonna Be Strong - together with a range of lesser hits and album-only tracks from earlier releases and one new track Fool Killer.
 The Year Of The Horse is the name of a VHS released by singer/songwriter Sinéad O'Connor in 1991. The concert was recorded live at Forest National Brussels (Belgium) on 29 October 1990 and Ahoy Sport Paleis Rotterdam (Netherlands) on 30 October 1990. The concert was re-released in 2004 in DVD format as Live: The Year of the Horse/The Value of Ignorance.
 Subburaman Thirunavukkarasar (born 7 May 1949) is an Indian politician. He joined Congress party in November 2009 before he was with Bharatiya Janata Party. He served as the Deputy Speaker of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from 1977 to 1980. He served as Tamil Nadu state minister from 1980 to 1987 in the M. G. Ramachandran Cabinet. He resigned as a member of the Parliament of India representing Madhya Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha after joining the congress.
 The Valea Căldării River is a tributary of the Sfârcașu River in Romania.
 The Òsam (Bulgarian: Осъм) is a river in northern Bulgaria. Its drainage basin is in between that of the river Vit to the west and the Yantra system to the east. The river has two main tributaries in its upper course: the Black Osam takes its source from the foot of Levski Peak in the Balkan Mountains at an altitude of 1821 m (5974 ft) while the White Osam has its source on the northern slopes of the Kozya Stena peak. In Troyan the black and white Osam join.
 Gulella is a genus of very small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae. Until recently species which are now in the genus Costigulella were included here.
 I'm Not Playin' is the only album recorded by the hip-hop duo Ultimate Force which consisted of emcee Master Rob and DJ-producer Diamond D. The group was discovered and sponsored by Jazzy Jay in the late 1980s and the album was recorded in his studio in the Bronx New York between 1988 and 1990.
 Artemis Fowl: The Arctic Incident is a young-adult and fantasy novel written by Irish author Eoin Colfer. It is the second book in the Artemis Fowl series preceded by Artemis Fowl and followed by Artemis Fowl: The Eternity Code. It follows the adventures the thirteen-year-old criminal mastermind Artemis Fowl as he thwarts a goblin rebellion and rescues his father Artemis Fowl I.
 The Mălina River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Soundtracks from the Shaolin Temple is a 2008 album by various artists affiliated with or part of the Wu-Tang Clan. A majority of the tracks are produced by Bronze Nazareth and one is produced by Wu-Tang member RZA. Seven members of the Wu-Tang Clan make appearances on the album along with over 20 affiliates.
 Vital Cliche (September 10 1890 – February 23 1976) was a politician Quebec Canada and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec (MLA).
 Asian Fever is the name of an adult magazine and companion adult video series.
 The Princess and the Frog: Original Songs and Score is the soundtrack of the 2009 Disney animated film The Princess and the Frog. It was released by Walt Disney Records on November 23 2009 just a day before the limited release of the film in New York City and Los Angeles. The soundtrack contains ten original songs and seven score pieces all but one of which were composed arranged and conducted by Academy Award winner composer Randy Newman.
 The yellow hornet (Vespa simillima) including the subspecies known as the Japanese hornet or Japanese yellow hornet (Vespa simillima xanthoptera) (キイロスズメバチ) is a common hornet species in the Eastern Hemisphere. It should not be confused with the Asian giant hornet (Vespa mandarinia) whose subspecies V. m. japonica is sometimes referred to as the Japanese giant hornet.
 Joseph-Olier Renaud KC (3 October 1908 – 3 March 1991) was a Canadian politician.Born in Saint-Léonard-de-Port-Maurice Quebec the son of Joseph-Olier Renaud Sr. Renaud studied at the Université de Montréal and was admitted to the Quebec Bar in 1932. He was created a King's Counsel in 1946. He practised law in Montreal before becoming a Crown Prosecutor from 1937 to 1939 and a Special Prosecutor of the Sûreté du Québec in 1939.
 Common names: Andean lancehead.Bothrops andianus is a venomous pitviper species endemic to the Andes in South America. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Trichoplusia circumscripta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the eastern part of the Mediterranean Basin and parts of the Near East and the Middle East. It has been recorded from all the Levant countries.Adults are on wing year round. There is probably one generation per year.
 Capperia evansi is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Canada.The wingspan is about 14 mm. Adults are on wing in the beginning of June and again from the middle of July to the beginning of August in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Scutellaria species. They damage the main stem of the host plant and make it droop. The larvae are hidden amongst withered leaves.
 Wetherby Preceptory was a medieval monastic house in North Yorkshire England.
 What Are Words is the debut album of the American singer Chris Medina. The album was released by Sony Music contains 11 pop-rock songs some of them sensitive ballads others more energetic and rocking.Album included the title track What Are Words a touching track inspired by Chris Medina's fiancé who had a serious brain injury after a car accident in 2009.
 Kondratyuk is a worn crater on the Moon's far side. It is located to the west-northwest of the large walled plain Fermi and to the northeast of the crater Hilbert. To the north-northwest is Meitner and to the northeast lies Langemak.This is an eroded crater formation with a rim that has been partly damaged by subsequent impacts. The small sharp-rimmed satellite crater Kondratyuk A lies on the interior floor along the northeast inner wall. In the southwest part of the floor is Kondratyuk Q.
 Eye of the Dragon (ISBN 1-84046-642-1) is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Ian Livingstone illustrated by Martin McKenna and published in 2005 by Wizard Books. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 21st in the Wizard series.
 Dorrough Music is the debut studio album by American rapper Dorrough. It was released on August 4 2009.The album debuted at number thirty-six on the U.S. Billboard 200 number six on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and number two on the Billboard Top Rap Albums chart selling 13000 copies in its first-week sales. His first three singles were released simultaneously including Walk That Walk Ice Cream Paint Job and Wired to the T.
 Lieutenant General Emmanuel Alexander Erskine (born 19 January 1937) is a retired Ghanaian soldier and politician. He is a former Chief of Army Staff of the Ghana army. He is also a former commander of the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO) and the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL).
 Billingen is the largest of the thirteen mesas in the Swedish county of Västra Götaland with a maximum altitude of 299 metres (981 ft). The mesa extends in a north-southerly direct with a length of 23 kilometres (14 mi) and a width of 11 kilometres (6.8 mi). Billingen is divided into two parts by an east-west valley between Skövde and Varnhem.
 The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Valea Viei River located in Romania.
 Charles Bent (November 11 1799 – January 19 1847) was appointed as the first civilian Governor of the newly acquired New Mexico Territory by military Governor Stephen Watts Kearny in September 1846. Bent had been working as a fur trader in the region since 1828 with his younger brother William and later partner Ceran St. Vrain. Though his office was in Santa Fe Bent maintained his residence and a store in Taos.
 The Cecil Whig is a local newspaper published in Cecil County Maryland three days a week. It has a circulation of approximately 17500. The paper was founded in 1841 to circulate the Whig political party beliefs. The Whig promoted itself as “Devoted to Politics Agriculture The Useful Arts Literature and General Intelligence.” The Whig was originally published weekly from a log cabin.In 1843 the Cecil Whig's founding editor Palmer C.
 Winter in Venice is a studion album by Swedish jazz band Esbjörn Svensson Trio (E.S.T.) released in 1997. It was awarded the Swedish Grammy in 1998 for Best Jazz Album.
 Cuckoo's Egg is a novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. The book was published by DAW Books in 1985 and there was also a limited hardcover printing by Phantasia Press in the same year. The book was nominated for the Hugo Award and longlisted the Locus Award for Best Novel.
 First Baptist Church and Cook Memorial Building is a historic Baptist church located at Carthage in Jefferson County New York. The church was built in 1885 and is a vernacular Gothic / Romanesque Revival–style edifice. It is of brick with stone trim and features asymmetrical massing a multi-story bell tower broad cross gables corbelled brick cornices stone-capped brick buttresses and lencet-arched stained glass windows.
 Mowtowr-e Mirak (Persian: موتور ميرک‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mīrak) is a village in Dalgan Rural District in the Central District of Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 8 families.
 Mariampol [maˈrjampɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Paradyż 16 km (10 mi) west of Opoczno and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Saalegg Castle (German: Burg Saalegg) is a ruined castle in the state of Salzburg Austria.
 St. Elmo's Fire is a 1985 American coming-of-age film directed by Joel Schumacher. The film starring Emilio Estevez Rob Lowe Andrew McCarthy Demi Moore Judd Nelson Ally Sheedy and Mare Winningham centers on a group of friends that have just graduated from Georgetown University and their adjustment to their post-university lives and the responsibilities of encroaching adulthood. The film is a prominent movie of the Brat Pack genre.
 Candy is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label in 1958 featuring performances by Morgan Sonny Clark Doug Watkins and Art Taylor.
 Lago di Mognola is a lake above Fusio in the canton of Ticino Switzerland. It is located at an elevation of 2003 m.
 Cambridge Gulf (14°54′S 128°14′E) is a gulf on the north coast of Western Australia.Many rivers flow into the gulf including the Ord River Pentecost River Durack River King River and the Forrest River.The gulf experiences two large tidal flows each day between 7 metres (23 ft) to 9 metres (30 ft)The town of Wyndham the area's principal port lies on its eastern bank at the lower part of the gulf and is approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) by road west-north-west of Kununurra.
 St James' Church Whitehaven is located in Queen Street Whitehaven Cumbria England. It stands in an elevated position overlooking the town. The church is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Calder the archdeaconry of West Cumberland and the diocese of Carlisle. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Spellman Lake is the name for two small lakes (North and South Spellman Lake) located 8 miles south of Clarkfield in Normania Township of Yellow Medicine County Minnesota. The lakes and much of the surrounding area are designated as federal waterfowl production areas. There are also state owned public hunting grounds near the lakes. Nontoxic shot is required for all shooting in the area. The use of airboats on North and South Spellman Lakes is prohibited by law at all times.
 Headspace is a 2005 film directed by Andrew van den Houten. The screenplay was written by Steve Klausner and William M. Miller based on a story by Troy McCombs.
 Michel Veillette (born 6 October 1939) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was an agricultural technologist and manager by career.He represented the Quebec riding of Champlain at which he was elected in 1979 and again in 1980.
 The Rev. Samuel Finley (July 2 1715 – July 17 1766) was an evangelical (Presbyterian New Light) preacher and academic he founded the West Nottingham Academy and was the fifth president and an original trustee of the College of New Jersey (later known as Princeton University) from 1761 until 1766.
 Silas Reynolds Barton (1872–1916) was a Nebraska republican politician and United States Representative for Nebraska's Fifth District.
 For the astrological Mercury retrograde see Retrograde motion in astrologyMercury Retrograde is a live album by Jesse Malin recorded at the Mercury Lounge New York City in December 2007. The album was originally only released online on June 3 2008 and was released on CD on November 10 2008. Only the first thirteen tracks are from the live set; the final five are studio recordings.
 Ocinebrina aciculata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Peter J. Buckley (born May 10 1957) is a Democratic politician from the U.S. State of Oregon. He represents District 5 consisting of Ashland Phoenix Talent Jacksonville Ruch and Applegate in the Oregon House of Representatives.
 Ostrołęka [ɔstrɔˈwɛŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Samborzec 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Sandomierz and 82 km (51 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 260.
 Rikidōzan (Hangul: 역도산; RR: Yeokdosan) is a 2004 South Korean-Japanese film written and directed by Song Hae-sung. The film is based on the life of Rikidōzan a legendary ethnic Korean professional wrestler who became a national hero in Japan in the 1950s. It stars Sol Kyung-gu in the titular role with Miki Nakatani Tatsuya Fuji and actual Japanese wrestlers Keiji Mutoh and Masakatsu Funaki in the cast.
 Mont Caro (Catalan pronunciation: [muŋ ˈkaɾu] locally: [moŋ ˈkaɾo]) or Caro is the highest mountain of the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1447 metres above sea level. There are two large antennas and a Virgin Mary shrine on top of the summit.This mountain is often covered with snow in the winter.
 Cøde:Breaker (コード: ブレイカー Kōdo:Bureikā) is a manga written and illustrated by Akimine Kamijyo running in Weekly Shōnen Magazine through Kodansha. It tells the story of a high-school girl who is trained in martial arts and a new transfer student a boy with mysterious powers. An anime adaptation produced by Kinema Citrus began airing on October 6 2012. It has been licensed by Funimation Entertainment in North America.
 Whole New You is American singer-songwriter and musician Shawn Colvin's sixth album and also her sixth studio album released in 2001. It was her first new release in over four years.
 Nasiechowice [naɕɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Miechów and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 390.
 Gottaï (also written El Gottaï) is a village in the commune of Magrane El Oued Province Algeria. It is located 28 kilometres (17 mi) north of the provincial capital El Oued.[citation needed]It is a minor place with indefinite borders.
 Eupithecia blandula is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is about 19–21 mm. The forewings are pale whitish grey and the hindwings are slightly lighter.
 Koppole is a village in Ongole mandal Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh India. It is 3 km from Ongole.
 The Cachorro River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Allen Temple A.M.E. Church is a historic church at 109 Green Avenue at the junction with S. Markley Street in Greenville South Carolina.It was built in 1929 in a Classical Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Ljubezni tri in ena smrt is a novel by Slovenian author Evald Flisar. It was first published in 2002.
 Cameron Cam Jackson (born February 27 1951) is a Canadian politician. A Progressive Conservative he was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in 1985 and held the office of Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) for Burlington until his resignation on September 28 2006 to run for mayor of Burlington in the 2006 election. He served as mayor from 2006 to 2010 when he was defeated by Rick Goldring.
 Batch '81 is a 1982 Philippine film by director Mike De Leon starring Mark Gil as Sid Lucero a college student who witnessed the abuse and torture of seven students by members of a college fraternity they joined in. The film faced trouble during the Marcos regime but was acclaimed by international critics.
 The J. M. Gates House is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house located in Kingman Arizona.
 Kalmunai North Hospital is a government hospital in Kalmunai Sri Lanka. It is controlled by the central government in Colombo. As of 2010 it had 413 beds. The hospital is sometimes called Kalmunai North Base Hospital.
 Beauty and the Barge is a 1914 British silent comedy film directed by Harold M. Shaw and starring Cyril Maude Lillian Logan and Gregory Scott. It is an adaptation of the 1905 play Beauty and the Barge by W.W. Jacobs.
 Daghdaghan (Persian: دغدغان‎ also Romanized as Daghdaghān; also known as Tokhtugan Tūkhī Tūqān and Tykhtugan) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District Khvajeh District Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 43 families.
 Power to the People is a music album from the American rock band Poison released on June 13 2000 on the band's independent label Cyanide Music. It marked the return of the original lineup together for the first time since 1991's Swallow This Live with the return of C.C. DeVille who replaced Blues Saraceno.The album is a part studio part live album consisting of five newly recorded studio tracks and 12 live tracks from Poison's successful 1999-2000 greatest hits reunion tour.
 Dumbbells in Ermine (1930) is an All-Talking comedy film based on the play Weak Sisters by Lynn Starling. The film stars Robert Armstrong Barbara Kent Beryl Mercer James Gleason and Claude Gillingwater.
 Broken Chains is a 1922 American silent Western/adventure/romantic drama film directed by Allen Holubar. The film stars Colleen Moore Malcolm McGregor and Ernest Torrence and was based on a story by the same name that won a $10000 contest held by the Goldwyn Pictures Corporation and the Chicago Daily News.
 Crazed Fruit (狂った果実 Kurutta kajitsu) also known as Juvenile Jungle is a 1956 Japanese Sun Tribe film directed by Kō Nakahira. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Shintaro Ishihara the older brother of Yujiro Ishihara.
 Kodomo no Omocha (Japanese: こどものおもちゃ lit. Child's Toy) shortened to Kodocha is a manga series by Miho Obana helped periodically by her sister Kaori Obana. The manga won the 1998 Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo. In the year 2007 At the American Anime Awards the anime was nominated for best comedy anime. The series was adapted as an OVA and later as an anime television series.In 2002 the manga was published in North America in English by Tokyopop as Kodocha: Sana's Stage.
 Real Pests (Slovene: To so gadi) is a 1977 Slovenian comedy film by the writer and director Jože Bevc starring Bert Sotlar Dare Valič and Majda Potokar. The film was one of the most successful films in Slovenia holding the domestic box office record for almost 15 years.
 Maya is a 2010 novel by Alastair Campbell the former communications director to Tony Blair. It is Campbell's second novel and third book after The Blair Years and All in the Mind. Maya drew generally favorable reviews and some claimed that it was in part based on his relationship with Blair however Campbell has denied this.
 Miller City is a village in Putnam County Ohio United States. The population was 137 at the 2010 census.
 Howrah Bridge is a 1958 film directed by Shakti Samanta. Its name is a reference to Howrah Bridge which connects Howrah to Kolkata over the Hooghly River. It features the well known Hindi song Mera Naam Chin Chin Chuwhich was reused in the film Salaam Bombay!. This song was sung by Geeta Dutt and picturised on Helen. Director Samanta also said that the sensuous club number Aaiye Meherbaan picturized on Madhubala was also very memorable. The Music Director is O. P. Nayyar.
 The New Enthusiast is a print and online magazine published by The Shuttlecoque Sporting Club. It was one of the first venues through which poet Carson Cistulli published his writings from November 2007 to March 2008.
 Sadrabad (Persian: صدراباد‎ also Romanized as Şadrābād) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 296 in 72 families.
 The Washington Times-Herald was an American daily newspaper published in Washington D.C. It was created by Eleanor Josephine Medill Patterson (Cissy Patterson 1881-1948) (of the Medill-McCormick-Patterson family which were long-time owners of the Chicago Tribune and the trend-setting New York Daily News and founding later Newsday on New York's Long Island) when she bought the Herald and the Times from the syndicate newspaper publisher William Randolph Hearst (1863-1951) and merged them.
 Noor ud Din Mosque in Darmstadt Germany is run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. The foundation stone was laid in 2002 and was inaugurated in August 2003 by Mirza Masroor Ahmad the 5th Caliph of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community.
 Stara Dąbrówka [ˈstara dɔmˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Isaac Stout House is a historic home located at Williams Township Northampton County Pennsylvania. The original section of the house was built about 1772 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay by two bay stone structure in the Georgian style. The original section measures approximately 40 feet wide and 30 feet deep. The interior has a center hall plan and has Federal style details. An addition was completed in 2001.
 Yangpang is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3120 persons living in 584 individual households.
 Bingham Farms is a village in Southfield Township Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1111 at the 2010 census.
 Konary [kɔˈnarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Martin Lidegaard (born December 12 1966 in Copenhagen) is a Danish politician who has been Denmark's Foreign Minister since 3 February 2014 having previously been the Minister of Climate- and Energy from 2011 to 2014. He is a member of the Danish Social Liberal Party.
 Personality – One Was a Spider One Was a Bird is the second album by Australian band The Sleepy Jackson released in July 2006. The album was recorded at Big Jesus Burger Studios in Sydney and was produced by Scott Horscroft and Luke Steele.
 Riversdale is a five-part large-scale late Georgian mansion with superior Federal interior built between 1801 and 1807. Also known as Baltimore House Calvert Mansion or Riversdale Mansion it is located at 4811 Riverdale Road in Riverdale Park Maryland. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1997.
 Midsummer House is a restaurant located in Cambridge Cambridgeshire England. In 2001 the restaurant was damaged twice from flooding caused by the nearby River Cam. After winning a Michelin star in 2002 it won a second in 2005. The chef patron is Daniel Clifford.
 Mucum River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Mainbrace was a champion New Zealand Thoroughbred racehorse who won 23 of his 25 race starts and was placed second in the other two. When he broke down he had won 17 races in succession which was only two behind Gloaming and Desert Gold's Australasian record. He also on eight different occasions he either equalled or broke the race record.
 The Metropolitan Cathedral–Basilica of the Assumption of Our Lady of Valencia (Spanish: Iglesia Catedral-Basílica Metropolitana de la Asunción de Nuestra Señora de Valencia Valencian: Església Catedral-Basílica Metropolitana de l'Assumpció de la Nostra Senyora de València) alternatively known as Saint Mary's Cathedral or Valencia Cathedral is a Roman Catholic parish church in Valencia Spain.
 The Early Years was the ninth Helix album and their second compilation album issued in 1991. It reissued all the tracks from the band's first two independent albums Breaking Loose (1979) and White Lace & Black Leather (1981) with new cover art. This was the first ever Compact Disc release of these two albums.
 Kappur is a Village Panchayat in Villupuram District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It serves as the headquarters of Kappur Panchayat which includes Nerkunam Kuchipalyam Govindapuram. The village's main source of income is agriculture. Its literacy rate was low until the early 1980s but has since improved constantly and is currently above 60%.[citation needed]
 Food Chemistry is a peer-reviewed scientific journal. It was established in 1976 and is published 24 times a year by Elsevier.
 Rock On is the second album by Raydio led by guitarist/songwriter/producer Ray Parker Jr.
 Rosemary Brown PC OC OBC née Wedderburn (June 17 1930 – April 26 2003) was a Canadian politician.
 St James Duke's Place was an Anglican parish church in Aldgate ward of the City of London
 'Amar Praner Shami' (Bengali: আমার প্রানের স্বামী) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language Film. Released 2007 throughout Bangladesh. Directed by P a kAJOL. stars Shakib Khan Shabnur Nipun & many more. and the film become highest grossing film of 2007.
 The Marion County Housing Committee Demonstration House on Wilson St. S. in Salem Oregon is a small house from c.1860 that was renovated extensively in 1934-1935. It has also been known as the William Beckett House named for the person believed to be the original owner in the 1860s. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It is a work of architects Clarence L. Smith and Frank S. Strubble.
 The Snowdome is an indoor ski slope just off the A5 road in Tamworth Staffordshire England. It opened in May 1994 and was the first full-sized recreational indoor ski slope in the UK.
 piauí is a Brazilian culture magazine created by the documentarian João Moreira Salles. It is edited by Editora Alvinegra and printed and distributed by Editora Abril. The first edition of piauí was launched in October 2006. Piauí is also the name of a Brazilian state in the northeastern part of the country.
 John Pezak (October 25 1913 – June 7 1998) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Fleetwith Pike is a fell in the English Lake District in the county of Cumbria which reaches a height of 648 metres (2126 feet). The fell is a well-known feature of the area as it casts an imposing presence over Buttermere and the Honister Pass on the B5289 motor road between Borrowdale and Buttermere.
 Mount Williams is the 4th highest peak in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. It is located in the Greylock Range in Berkshire County. Its altitude is 2951 feet.
 GQ (formerly Gentlemen's Quarterly) is an American monthly men's magazine focusing on fashion style and culture for men through articles on food movies fitness sex music travel sports technology and books.
 Cóndor Crux la leyenda (English: Condor Crux the Legend) is a 2000 Argentine animated adventure film written and directed by Juan Pablo Buscarini and Swan Glecer. The film premiered on January 6 2000 in Buenos Aires. The film won a Silver Condor for Best Animated film.
 Brian Emanuel Schatz (pronounced /ʃɑːtz/; born October 20 1972) is an American politician who is the appointed senior United States Senator for Hawaii in office since 2012.Schatz served in the Hawaii House of Representatives from 1998 to 2006 where he represented the 25th Legislative District and was chairman of the Democratic Party of Hawaii from 2008 to 2010.
 Lambent Material is the first album from Portland Oregon ambient musician Matthew Cooper under the name Eluvium. Emily Wahl plays clarinet on There Wasn't Anything. All other instruments on the album played by Cooper.
 Andrzej Beck (September 11 1926 - July 20 2011) was a Polish-American engineer businessman and social activist. He served as president of the Józef Piłsudski Institute of America (1993-1999) and was the son of the interwar Polish foreign minister Józef Beck.
 Apariencias (English: Appearances) is a 2000 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Alberto Lecchi and starring Andrea Del Boca and Adrián Suar.
 Jeremiah Smith (November 29 1759 – September 21 1842) was an American lawyer jurist and politician from Exeter New Hampshire.Born in Peterborough New Hampshire Smith attended Harvard University before graduating from Queens College New Brunswick (now Rutgers University) in 1780. He served in the Continental Army and read law to enter the bar in 1786. He was in private practice in Peterborough from 1786 to 1796.
 Malaspina is a 1947 Italian drama film directed by Armando Fizzarotti and starring Vera Rol Aldo Bufi Landi and Rino Genovese. It is a melodrama based on a popular song of the same name. Its story of female wrongdoing and ultimate redemption was characteristic of Neapolitan-style cinema. A young woman promises to be faithful to her lover when he goes off to fight in the Second World War. However in his absence she becomes a prostitute and takes up with a notorious criminal.
 The Chiesa di Santa Maria del Giglio is a church in Venice Italy.The church whose name translates into St. Mary of the Lily referring to the flower classically depicted as being presented by the Angel Gabriel during the Annunciation) is more commonly known as Santa Maria Zobenigo after the Jubanico family who founded it in the 9th century. The edifice is situated on the Campo Santa Maria Zobenigo west of the Piazza San Marco.
 Mount Wilhelm (German: Wilhelmsberg) is the highest mountain in Papua New Guinea at 4509 metres (14793 ft). It is part of the Bismarck Range and the peak is the point where three provinces intersect Simbu Western Highlands and Madang. The peak is also known as Enduwa Kombuglu in the local Kuman language a Papuan language.The mountain is on the island of New Guinea which incorporates Papua New Guinea and the Indonesian province of Papua.
 Mihanabad (Persian: ميهن اباد‎ also Romanized as Mīhanābād; also known as Mīhanābād-e Shomālī) is a village in Bostan Rural District Bostan District Dasht-e Azadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 10 families.
 The Christian Post is a nondenominational Evangelical Christian newspaper based in Washington D.C. Launched initially as an online publication the newspaper was founded in 2000 to deliver news information and commentaries relevant to Christians across denominational lines and to bring greater attention to activities of Christians and Christian groups in United States and around the world. It moved its headquarters from San Francisco California to Washington D.C. in 2006.
 Parasite Pig is a young adult science fiction novel written by William Sleator. It is the sequel to the 1984 book Interstellar Pig.
 The black-headed lizard Liolaemus nigriceps is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family. It is endemic to Chile.
 Milan Zver (born 25 May 1962) is a Slovenian politician sociologist and political scientist who serves as vice-president of the Slovenian Democratic Party. Between 2004 and 2008 he was Minister for Education and Sports in Janez Janša's centre-right government. In the European elections of 2009 he received the highest number of preferential votes in Slovenia and was subsequently elected to the European Parliament.He is a member of the Reconciliation of European Histories Group.
 Hootie Mack is the second studio album released by R&B group Bell Biv DeVoe. It was released on June 6 1993 through MCA Records and featured production from the group itself and some of R&B's top producers such as Chris Stokes L.A. Reid and Babyface. As the follow-up to the group's 4x multi-platinum debut album Poison expectations were high. Hootie Mack wasn't as successful as Poison however the album peaked at 19 on the Billboard 200 and 6 on the Top R&B Albums.
 Onthophagus taurus the taurus scarab is a dung beetle species in the genus Onthophagus.O. taurus has been utilized in the breakdown of manure on sheep and dairy farms worldwide. In September 2013 the species was released for the first time in New Zealand in Southland District. These beetles pull the manure into the ground to create their brood balls or egg chambers.
 Sar Chah (Persian: سرچاه‎ also Romanized as Sar Chāh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1857 in 375 families.
 See also General Union of Palestinian TeachersGupt: The Hidden Truth (English: Secret) commonly known as Gupt is a 1997 Bollywood suspense thriller film directed by Rajiv Rai. It stars Bobby Deol Manisha Koirala Kajol Paresh Rawal Om Puri and Raj Babbar. The film's soundtrack was composed by Viju Shah while the lyrics were penned by Anand Bakshi. Upon release Gupt became a critical and commercial success. The film's storyline and soundtrack earned critical praise.
 The Microreas Agrotis Noctuid Moth (Agrotis microreas) was a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is now an extinct species.It was endemic to Hawaii United States.
 This article is about the novel. For the plant known as Bleeding Hearts see Dicentra spectabilis. Bleeding Hearts is a 1994 crime novel by Ian Rankin under the pseudonym Jack Harvey. It is the second novel he wrote under this name.
 Kotvrdovice is a village in Blansko District South Moravian Region Czech Republic. It has a population of 850 (2006).
 The longrayed whiptail or four rayed rattail Coryphaenoides subserrulatus is a rattail of the genus Coryphaenoides found circumpolar in all southern oceans at depths of between 550 and 1200 m. Its length is between 20 to 37 cm.
 Miszkieniki Wielkie [miʂkʲɛˈniki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 To the Stars: The Autobiography of George Takei Star Trek's Mr. Sulu is an autobiography by actor George Takei first published by Pocket Books in 1994. Takei describes his early childhood and the time his family spent in Japanese American internment and experiences which shaped his motivation towards political activism.
 The Elmbridge Guardian is a weekly free local newspaper covering the borough of Elmbridge in Surrey.
 The Summer EP is an EP by Never Shout Never. Originally this release was supposed to be the band's debut self-titled full-length album. This is the first release from Never Shout Never where his name no longer appears as one word with an exclamation point at the end. The EP peaked at number 57 on the Billboard 200 albums chart on a charting date of July 11 2009.
 Uncanny X-Force is a comic book ongoing series published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Rick Remender and artist Jerome Opeña the first volume of the series continued the story of Wolverine and his X-Force team from the series X-Force vol. 3.
 Where the Wild Roses Grow is a 2011 Austrian short film directed by Romana Carén about the young woman Yasmina whose solitary life is changed by the mysterious stranger Leon. The screenplay was semi-finalist of the 22nd WriteMovies.com International Writing Competition. The film was screened in the Short Film Corner of the Cannes Film Festival 2012.
 Ebrahimabad-e Olya va Sofla (Persian: ابراهيم آباد عليا و سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e ‘Olyā va Soflá; also known as Ebrāhīmābād and Ībrāhīmābād) is a village in Kowleh Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 40 families.
 Szklarnia [ˈʂklarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek within Gliwice County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Toszek 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Gliwice and 46 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.
 Tall Cool One is the fourth novel in the A-List series by Zoey Dean. It was released in 2005 by Little Brown.
 Ausgeflippt is industrial rock duo Hanzel und Gretyl's debut full-length album released on October 10 1995 on Energy Records. Much like their second full-length album Transmissions from Uranus this album is mostly techno-industrial unlike later releases. The album featured mostly German and English lyrics but also featured lyrics in Romanian (Apa Mare) Greek (Galaxia Malakia) and French (L'Experience des Difficultés Technique).
 The Burning Land is a 2009 historical novel set in the 9th century Anglo-Saxon kingdoms Wessex Northumbria and Mercia. It is the fifth book in Bernard Cornwell's Saxon Tales series and continues where the preceding Sword Song left off.The novel follows Uhtred of Bebbanburg a Saxon raised by Danes who has sworn allegiance to Alfred the Great of Wessex. After winning a victory against Norse raiders for Alfred Uthred goes into exile from Wessex after killing a Christian priest.
 Phantom is a 2013 American film about a Soviet submarine during the Cold War in the 1960s. Todd Robinson wrote and directed the film. It stars Ed Harris David Duchovny and William Fichtner.The film tells the story of a Soviet Navy submarine captain attempting to prevent a war. It is loosely based on the real-life events involving the K-129 crisis of 1968.
 Another Day of Life is a non-fiction record of three months of the Angolan Civil War by the Polish writer Ryszard Kapuściński.It is made up of a notable description of the degradation of the Angolan capital Luanda an analysis of the various weaknesses of the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) front correspondence through Telex between Kapuściński and the Polish Press Agency and a brief history of the conflict in Angola until 1976.The book is being turned into a full length animated documentary. 
 The Urlătoarea Mică River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Side Street is a 1929 black-and-white talking film featuring the only screen teaming of all three Moore Brothers (Tom Owen and Matt) each of them major silent film stars. George Raft also makes an uncredited appearance as a professional dancer—which Raft was at the time—dancing to the song Take a Look at Her Now sung by June Clyde. Side Street was directed and co-written by Malcolm St. Clair.
 The cotingas are a large family of passerine bird species found in Central America and tropical South America. Cotingas are birds of forests or forest edges which mostly eat fruit or insects and fruit. Comparatively little is known about this diverse group although all have broad bills with hooked tips rounded wings and strong legs.
 Ii Naomasa (井伊 直政 March 4 1561 – March 24 1602) was a general under the Sengoku period Daimyo and later Shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu. He is regarded as one of the Four Guardians of the Tokugawa along with Honda Tadakatsu Sakakibara Yasumasa and Sakai Tadatsugu.
 595 Market Street is a 410-foot (120 m) skyscraper at the corner of Second Street and Market Street in the Financial District of San Francisco California. It contains 30 floors and was completed in 1979. The hexagonal-shaped skyscraper was designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill.In 2009 Visa Inc. moved its corporate headquarters to 595 Market Street from San Mateo before deciding to move to Foster City in October 2012.
 Bhanu Babariya is a Member of Legislative assembly from Rajkot (Rural) constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
 Branta rhuax is an extinct goose or large gooselike bird that used to live in the Hawaiian Islands. It is was initially described into the sole genus Geochen but assigned to Branta by Storrs L. Olson in 2013 after reexamination of the subfossil material.
 Middletown Woodrow Wilson High School is a former high school now used as residential apartments located at 310 Hunting Hill Avenue Middletown Connecticut that was added to the NRHP list August 06 1986. It was built in 1931 and designed by Linus Baldwin of Towner & Sellew Associates in the Renaissance Revival style. It is built of brick with concrete trim.
 The Phillips Collection is an art museum founded by Duncan Phillips and Marjorie Acker Phillips in 1921 as the Phillips Memorial Gallery located in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C. Phillips was the grandson of James H.
 Blue Submarine No. 6 (青の6号 Ao no Roku-gō literally Blue No.6) officially translated in Japan as Blue Sub 006 is a post-apocalyptic 3-volume manga series written and illustrated by Satoru Ozawa. The manga was published in 1967 by Akita Shoten and was serialized in Weekly Shonen Sunday magazine. When the OVA adaptation was announced by Gonzo the manga was revised into 5 volumes under the new name Ao no Roku-gō AO6 (青の6号 AO6).
 Borzykówka [bɔʐɨˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Żytno 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 101 km (63 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Navy School of Mechanics (in Spanish Escuela de Mecánica de la Armada commonly referred to by the acronym ESMA for Escuela Superior de Mecánica de la Armada) was an educational facility of the Argentine Navy.
 Mokhtarabad (Persian: مختاراباد‎ also Romanized as Mokhtārābād) is a village in Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 6 families.
 Año Bisiesto (Leap Year) is a 2010 Mexican film from the Australian-Mexican screenwriter and film director Michael Rowe.
 The Ghost of Blackwood Hall is the twenty-fifth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1948 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Mildred Wirt Benson.
 Reyvissche Castle is a castle in Zwijnaarde Belgium.
 The Lego Movie (stylized as The LEGO Movie) is a 2014 American-Australian computer animated adventure comedy film directed and co-written by Phil Lord and Chris Miller distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures and starring the voices of Chris Pratt Will Ferrell Elizabeth Banks Will Arnett Nick Offerman Alison Brie Charlie Day Liam Neeson and Morgan Freeman.
 Chasing Darkness is a 2008 detective novel by Robert Crais. It is the twelfth in a series of linked novels centering on the private investigator Elvis Cole. It was nominated for the Best Mystery Award by the Southern California Independent Booksellers Association.
 St. Stephen's Church also known as St. Stephen's Episcopal Church is an historic church located at 6807 Northumberland Highway Heathsville Northumberland County in the Northern Neck of Virginia. Built in 1881 it was designed in the Carpenter Gothic style of architecture by T. Buckler Ghequiere. On December 28 1979 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It remains in use by an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Virginia.
 Bobby Vinton's Greatest Hits is a low-budget collection of ten previously recorded songs by Bobby Vinton released in 1990 by Curb Records. For this collection there are seven songs that were recorded for Epic Records two for ABC Records and one for Curb.
 Neon Christ 7 also known as Parental Suppression is the first album released by the American punk rock band Neon Christ. This album is very rare as only 1000 copies are said to have been pressed.
 Gut Muri (Persian: گوت موري‎ also Romanized as Gūt Mūrī) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 6 families.
 Obkas [ˈɔpkas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Krajeński within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Kamień Krajeński 14 km (9 mi) north of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 59 km (37 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 340.
 Toanopsis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Athani (Tamil: அதானி ) is a village in the Aranthangi revenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Stara Wróblina [ˈstara vruˈblina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Stanin 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Łuków and 70 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Anastasia At Your Service (1982) is a young-adult novel by Lois Lowry. It is the third part of a series of books Lois Lowry wrote about Anastasia and her younger brother Sam. The first edition was illustrated by Diane De Groat.
 Lentua is a medium-sized lake of Finland and it is the 57th biggest lake in Finland. It belongs to Oulujoki main catchment area and it is situated in Kuhmo municipality in the Kainuu region. There is a route around the lake for paddlers.
 Barron's is an American weekly newspaper founded in 1921. It covers U.S. financial information market developments and relevant statistics. Each issue provides a wrap-up of the previous week's market activity news reports and an informative outlook on the week to come.
 The Island of the Colorblind is a book by neurologist Oliver Sacks about achromatopsia on the Micronesian atoll of Pingelap. The second half of the book is devoted to the mystery of Lytico-Bodig disease in Guam.
 Jason Kander (born May 4 1981) is an American politician from the state of Missouri and is a member of the Democratic Party. He is the current Missouri Secretary of State and the youngest statewide elected official in America. Kander is a former Army Captain who served in Afghanistan as a military intelligence officer a member of the Missouri House of Representatives and an attorney from Kansas City Missouri.
 Random Thoughts is an album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen recorded in 1990 for the Blue Note label.
 The Horse The Rat and The Swan is the second studio album for Perth band Snowman. It was released on 24 May 2008 on Dot Dash Recordings. Snowman produced the album with Dave Parkin (The Panda Band Red Jezebel) at Blackbird Studios in Perth Western Australia.In an interview lead singer Joe McKee explains the reasoning behind the name of the album.The Horse the Rat and the Swan are three different characters and themes that reoccur in the album.
 Höje River (Swedish: Höje å) is a river in Scania in southern Sweden. It is about 35 km long and flows from the Häckeberga lake in the Lund Municipality and empties into the Øresund.
 Belinda is a 1988 Australian film directed by Pamela Gibbons which stars Deanne Jeffs in the title role. The film was also known as Midnight Dancer.
 The Space Needle is an observation tower in Seattle Washington a landmark of the Pacific Northwest and a symbol of Seattle. It was built in the Seattle Center for the 1962 World's Fair which drew over 2.3 million visitors when nearly 20000 people a day used its elevators.Once the tallest structure west of the Mississippi River it is 605 ft (184 m) high 138 ft (42 m) wide and weighs 9550 tons.
 Andarun-e Bid Anjir (Persian: اندرون بيدانجير‎ also Romanized as Andarūn-e Bīd Ānjīr; also known as Andarūn) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 20 families.
 Robert Rita is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 28th District since 2002. Rita is also the Calumet Township Democratic committeeman and a trustee on the township board. His state representative district includes parts of Chicago's 9th and 34th wards as well as several suburbs. Rita lists economic redevelopment equitable school funding and increased health care availability as his top priorities in the state legislature.
 Bjørnar Moxnes (born 19 December 1981 in Oslo) is the leader of the Red Party having succeeded Turid Thomassen on 6 May 2012. He is a member of the Oslo city council. He was formerly deputy party leader from 2010 to 2012.
 Meet Me After the Show is a 1951 musical film starring Betty Grable and released through 20th Century Fox. The film was one of Grable's last musical films for Fox during her box office reign of the past decade.
 The Adventurous Bachelor (Czech: Nezbedný bakalář) is a 1946 Czech comedy film directed by Otakar Vávra. It was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.
 Australops is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida which existed in what is now Argentina. It was described by Baldis in 1972 and the type species is Australops australis.
 Return to Green Acres is a 1990 American television movie based on the CBS situation comedy Green Acres (1965-1971). It stars all the then-surviving original cast. (Hank Patterson (Fred) and Barbara Pepper (Doris Ziffel) who died in 1975 and 1969 respectively.) The movie starts with the original opening credit sequence from the series but in a sepiatone color to tell you that it's been a while since the TV show ended.
 Tune Up! is an album by organist Don Patterson featuring tracks recorded in 1964 and 1969 which was released on the Prestige label in 1971. The album features unreleased recordings from the sessions that also produced Hip Cake Walk Patterson's People Oh Happy Day Brothers-4 and Donny Brook.
 The Nankin Cafe was a downtown Minneapolis landmark for 80 years. Founded by Walter James in 1919 at 15 S. 7th Street now the site of the Dayton-Radisson parking ramp it was sold in 1949 to the Golden and Chalfen families. The restaurant moved across 7th Street to 20 S. 7th Street in 1958.
 Sinder sometimes formerly spelled Zinder is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 M. Susan Savage (born March 30 1952) is an American Democratic politician from Oklahoma. She was the 36th Mayor of Tulsa from 1992 to 2002 the first woman to hold that office. From 2003 to 2011 she was the 29th Secretary of State of Oklahoma.
 Calculated Risk is a 1960 science fiction novel – specifically a time travel story – by Charles Eric Maine. It was first published in the U. K. by Hodder & Stoughton; a paperback version by Corgi Books appeared in 1962.The novel explores themes of personal moral responsibility and in particular the responsibility of scientists to prevent abuse of the results of their research.
 Shoah is a 1985 French documentary film directed by Claude Lanzmann about the Holocaust. The film primarily consists of his interviews and visits to Holocaust sites across Poland including three extermination camps. It presents testimonies by selected survivors witnesses and German perpetrators often secretly recorded using hidden cameras.As Claude Lanzmann does not speak Polish Hebrew or Yiddish he depended on translators to work with most of his interviewees.
 Thunder in Guyana is a feature film by Suzanne Wasserman released in 2003. It is a documentary about Janet Jagan (née Rosenberg) an American-born Jewish woman who moved to then-British Guiana and was later elected President. The film was shown on Independent Lens a series on PBS.
 Fabulosos Calavera (Spanish for Fabulous Skull) Released in 1997 is the eleventh album by Argentine band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs. This album has a much more obscure theme than the previous album of the band talking about death the devil and hidden messages. This fact however didn't stop it for getting gold disc and latter platinum on remastering and the Carlos Gardel Award.
 The Pasărea River is a tributary of the Cernat River in Romania.
 Saaremetsa is a village in Laimjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Kool...Sakkath Hot Maga is a 2011 Kannada film in the romance genre starring Golden Star Ganesh and Sana Khan in the lead roles . The film marks the directorial debut of Ganesh. His wife Shilpa Ganesh produces this movie under the home banner 'Golden Movies'. V. Harikrishna has composed the music and a long associate Ratnavelu works as the cameraman.
 Holland Hospital is a non-profit hospital located in the West Michigan lakeshore area. The hospital was founded in 1917 and it serves the greater Holland area and surrounding communities throughout Ottawa and Allegan counties. As of February 2014 Holland Hospital has a 189-bed main campus with more than 300 physicians and a 2000 member hospital staff that includes 550 registered nurses.
 The Valea Feții River is a tributary of the Râul Repede river in Romania.
 Guest House Paradiso is a 1999 British slapstick dark comedy written by and starring comic duo Rik Mayall and Adrian Edmondson and directed by Edmondson - his directorial debut for a feature film.The film is semi-officially based on their comedy television series Bottom (in some territories the DVD cover refers to it as The Bottom Movie).
 The Doom That Came to Sarnath and Other Stories is a collection of fantasy and horror stories by H. P. Lovecraft edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the twenty-sixth volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in February 1971. It was the second collection of Lovecraft's works assembled by Carter for the series the first being The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath.
 Frozen Assets is a novel by P.G. Wodehouse first published in the United States on July 14 1964 by Simon & Schuster Inc. New York under the title Biffen's Millions and in the United Kingdom on August 14 1964 by Herbert Jenkins London.Set in the publishing world Frozen Assets is a romantic comedy featuring the recurring Wodehouse characters publishing magnate Lord Tilbury and his devious lackey Percy Pilbeam.
 Eistvere is a village in Imavere Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 The Republican Schoolhouse also known as Little White Schoolhouse or Birthplace of the Republican Party in Ripon Wisconsin is a National Historic Landmark. Now located at the southeast corner of Blackburn and Blossom Streets in Ripon it has been moved several times.
 Salvage for the Saint is the title of a 1983 mystery novel featuring the character of Simon Templar alias The Saint. The novel was written by Peter Bloxsom based on the two-part Return of the Saint episode Collision Course by John Kruse but per the custom at this time the author credit on the cover went to Leslie Charteris who created the Saint in 1928 and who served in an editorial capacity.
 Night Thoughts of a Classical Physicist is an historical novel by historian of science Russell McCormmach published in 1982 by Harvard University Press. Set in 1918 the book explores the world of physics in the early 20th century—including the advent of modern physics and the role of physicists in World War I—through the recollections of the fictional Viktor Jakob.
 Ladd-Gilman House also known as Cincinnati Memorial Hall is a house in Exeter New Hampshire. The home was built about 1721 by Nathaniel Ladd as one of the state's first brick houses and was subsequently clapboarded three decades later. The home was purchased in 1747 by Col. Nathaniel Gilman a prominent Exeter merchant. It served as the state treasury during the Revolutionary War when two members of the Gilman family Col.
 Priya O Priya is a 1997 Tollywood film starring Abbas Simran and Naveen in lead roles. It was dubbed in Tamil as Ithuthan Kadhal. It is a remake of the 1994 Bollywood film Yeh Dillagi.
 Pabhat is a village in Notified Area Committee of Zirakpur in district Mohali in state of Punjab in India.
 Jealousy (Polish:Zazdrosc) is a 1922 Polish silent drama film directed by Wiktor Bieganski and starring Zofia Jaroszewska Mariusz Maszynski and Antoni Piekarski.
 Chotýšany is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Éric Dorion (born June 2 1970) is an administrator and politician in the Canadian province of Quebec. He served in the National Assembly of Quebec from 2007 to 2008 representing Nicolet-Yamaska as a member of the Action démocratique du Québec (ADQ).
 St. Andrew's Church(Tamil: புனித அந்திரேயா கோவில்) in Egmore Chennai was built to serve the Scottish community in Chennai. Its design was modelled on St. Martin-in-the-Fields. Building started 6 April 1818 and the church was consecrated in 1821.
 The Montreal General Hospital (MGH) (French: Hôpital Général de Montréal) is a hospital in Montreal Quebec (Canada) established in 1820; an early teaching hospital. It is located on Mount Royal at the intersection of Pine Avenue and Côte-des-Neiges Road. It has six pavilions: A B C D E and Livingston (L); plus a research centre in a separate building next to the L pavilion.The MGH was built at the corner of Craig Street (today St. Antoine) and St.
 The American Journal of Preventive Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in preventive medicine. It was established in 1985 and is the official journal of the American College of Preventive Medicine and the Association for Prevention Teaching and Research. The current editor-in-chief is Kevin Patrick (University of California San Diego).
 The Good Guys and the Bad Guys is a 1969 film directed by Burt Kennedy. It stars Robert Mitchum and George Kennedy.
 Paul Desruisseaux (May 1 1905 – February 2 1982) was a Canadian lawyer businessman and politician.Born in Sherbrooke Quebec he studied law at the Université de Montréal and was called to the Quebec bar in 1934. He was the owner of La Tribune a daily newspaper in Sherbrooke CHLT radio station CKTS radio station and television station CHLT-TV.In 1966 he was summoned to the Senate of Canada on the advice of Lester Pearson.
 Drive Live is the title of the fourth live album by singer-songwriter Judie Tzuke released in 2002.
 The Silvestru River is a tributary of the Horăița River in Romania.
 Emamzadeh Hasan (Persian: امامزاده حسن‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Ḩasan and Emāmzādeh-ye Ḩasan; also known as Emāmzādeh Ḩasan Kachūyeh) is a village in Jangal Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Alderman House (also known as the Royal Palm Antiques) is a historic home in Fort Myers Florida. It is located at 2572 E. First Street. On December 1 1988 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The house is currently the national headquarters for The Healthcare Television Network.
 The Sărmaş River ( Hungarian: Salamás-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Colorado Governor's Mansion also known as the Cheesman-Boettcher Mansion is a historic U.S. mansion in Denver Colorado. It is located at 400 East 8th Avenue. On December 3 1969 it was added to The U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Palazzo Isnello (also known as Palazzo Termine d'Isnello or Palazzo Sant'Antimo al Cassaro) is an historic palazzo situated between the ancient via del Cassaro and Piazza Borsa in the Kalsa quarter of Palermo Sicily.On the piano nobile of the house the vault of the ballroom is frescoed with an Apotheosis of Palermo one of seven monumental representations of the Genius of Palermo ancient numen of the city.
 The National Museum of the Marine Corps is the historical museum of the United States Marine Corps. Located in Triangle Virginia near MCB Quantico the museum opened on November 10 2006 and is now the top tourist attraction in the state drawing over 500000 people annually.In July 2013 the museum announced plans for a major expansion to include sections on more modern Marine Corps history such as the 1983 Beirut barracks bombing.
 Tetsujin 28-gō (鉄人28号 Tetsujin Nijūhachi-gō literally Iron Man #28) is a 1956 manga written and illustrated by Mitsuteru Yokoyama who also created Giant Robo. The series centred on the adventures of a young boy named Shotaro Kaneda who controlled a giant robot named Tetsujin 28 built by his late father.The manga was later adapted into four anime TV series a Japanese television drama and two films one live action and one animated.
 Baputa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Christopher Shank (born June 30 1972) is an American politician from Hagerstown Maryland who serves in the Maryland Senate representing the 2nd district in Washington County.Shank is a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council ALEC serving as Maryland state leader.
 Rais (Persian: رئيس‎ also Romanized as Ra’īs) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 29 families.
 The Palazzo Aldovrandi is a Senatorial palace on Strada di Galliera in Bologna built in Rococo style.Replacing an older construction the palace we see today began in 1725 under the patronage of the Cardinal Pompeo Aldrovandi with plans commissioned from Franco Maria Angelini. After Angelini's death in 1731 the work including the Rococo facade ornamented with Istrian marble continued by 1741 under Alfonso Torreggiani.
 The Warner Mountains are an 85-mile (137 km)-long mountain range running north–south through northeastern California and extending into southern Oregon in the United States.
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād; also known as Naşīrābād-e Avval and Naşrābād) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 97 families.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides is a 2011 American fantasy adventure film and the fourth installment in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series.
 Splendrillia persica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Stasiolas [staˈɕɔlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sandré Swanson (born November 28 1948) was elected to the California State Assembly in November 2006. Mr. Swanson represented the 16th Assembly District. Swanson previously served as Chief of Staff to Congresswoman Barbara Lee he was also district director and a Senior Policy Advisor to then Congressman Ron Dellums. Swanson is a Democrat. Swanson endorsed Hillary Clinton in the 2008 presidential election.
 Fighting with Kit Carson (1933) is a Mascot Pictures movie serial.
 Crossroads is a 1937 Chinese seriocomedy film directed by Shen Xiling starring Bai Yang and Zhao Dan. The film exemplified the growing trend of Chinese films by the mid-1930s of incorporating references (both veiled and explicit) to the war with Japan. In this way Crossroads joins films like Blood on Wolf Mountain by Fei Mu and The Big Road by Sun Yu. Crossroads has its background in the Great Depression of the 1930s.
 Peter Mills (born 1943) is an American politician from Maine. A Republican Mills served in the Maine Senate representing the 26th district. He ran for Governor of Maine in 2006 and 2010 and lost both times in the Republican primary.
 Stenoptinea is a genus of the fungus moth family Tineidae. Therein it belongs to the subfamily Meessiinae. It was originally established as a subgenus of Homosetia but later separated to become a genus in its own right.Only three species are placed in Stenoptinea at present: Stenoptinea auriferella (Dietz 1905) Stenoptinea cyaneimarmorella (Millière 1854) (= S. angustipennis) Stenoptinea ornatella (Dietz 1905)↑ ↑ ↑
 Phyllonorycter andalusicus is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Spain.The larvae probably feed on Retama sphaerocarpa. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Peach Melba is the fourth album by singer Melba Moore released in 1975. This was her first album on the Buddah Records label.
 Island of Greed is a 1997 Hong Kong drama film directed by Michael Mak and starring Andy Lau and Tony Leung Ka-fai. This film is set and filmed in Taiwan and deals with corruption in the Republic of China Government.
 Sound of Sexy Soul is the second album by American soul group The Delfonics released in 1969 on the Philly Groove label. The album was produced by Thom Bell. Like The Delfonics' debut album La La Means I Love You The Sound of Sexy Soul is evenly split between new songs written by Bell and lead singer William Hart and cover versions.
 Memoirs Illustrating the History of Jacobinism (French: Mémoires pour servir à l’histoire du Jacobinisme) is a book by Abbé Augustin Barruel a French Jesuit priest. It was written and published in French in 1797-98 and translated into English in 1799.In the book Barruel claims that the French Revolution was the result of a deliberate conspiracy or plot to overthrow the throne altar and aristocratic society in Europe.
 Ypthima vuattouxi Vuattoux’s Ringlet is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria and Cameroon. The habitat consists of guinea savanna.
 Hungarian Rhapsody: Queen Live In Budapest ’86 is a concert film of English rock band Queen's performance at the concert in Budapest on 27 July 1986 starring Freddie Mercury Brian May Roger Taylor and John Deacon the film was released in theatres worldwide on 20 September 2012. The concert was released on DVD Blu-ray and Deluxe Editions for the first time on 5 November 2012 worldwide except in the United States where it was released a day later.
 Coming Together is a 2-minute ad created and distributed by the Coca-Cola Company and launched on the night of January 14 2013 on several cable networks.
 McDowell Peak is located in the McDowell Mountains to the northeast of Phoenix Arizona. Its height is 4034 feet. McDowell Peak is located approximately half a mile north of the easily recognizable Thompson Peak and shares a ridge with Drinkwater Peak. It is bordered on the south by Bell Pass and on the north by Windgate Pass.The peak is in Scottsdale's McDowell Sonoran Preserve owned and operated by the city of Scottsdale.
 Leucoptera genistae is a moth in the Lyonetiidae family. It is found in France Italy Austria Hungary and Bulgaria.The larvae feed on Genista anglica and Genista germanica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mines are undistinguishable from those of Leucoptera laburnella The mine starts as a densely contorted corridor that quickly turns brown. It is followed by a more or less straight corridor entirely filled with greyish-green frass.
 Qebleh Bolaghi (Persian: قبله بلاغي‎ also Romanized as Qebleh Bolāghī; also known as Kiblag-Bulag Qebleh Būlāgh and Qiblahbulāq) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 45 families.
 The Singles is a singles b-sides and rarities compilation CD from the indiepop band Tullycraft. It compiles early seven inch singles & split singles compilation tracks and a couple live radio performances. The majority of the songs were recorded during the period between the band’s first two albums Old Traditions New Standards and City of Subarus.
 Grandes éxitos is a greatest hits compilation (and fourth album in general) by the Spanish Latin rock group Jarabe de Palo released in January 2003.
 Makitani (Cyrillic: Макитани) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Jilț Slivilești River is a tributary of the Jilţ River in Romania.
 Celinów [t͡sɛˈlinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sadkowice 22 km (14 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Paratrirhithrum nitidum is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Paratrirhithrum of the family Tephritidae.
 Szałkowo [ʂau̯ˈkɔvɔ] (German: Schalkendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Iława and 63 km (39 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Barbie Mariposa (alternate title: Barbie: Mariposa and her Butterfly Fairy Friends) is a 2008 direct to video computer animated Barbie film which was released on February 26 2008. This film is a spin-off of the Barbie Fairytopia series but is not a canon sequel to the previous films.This is the first film in the series which Kelly Sheridan did not voice the protagonist being played by Barbie.
 Somedaydream is the self-titled debut studio album by Filipino musical project Somedaydream.
 Delightfulee Morgan is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label in 1966. It was recorded on April 8 & May 27 1966 and features performances by Morgan with a quintet featuring Joe Henderson McCoy Tyner Bob Cranshaw and Billy Higgins and a big band featuring Ernie Royal Tom McIntosh Jim Buffington Don Butterfield Phil Woods Wayne Shorter Danny Bank and Philly Joe Jones with arrangements by Oliver Nelson.
 Lac de Lessy is a lake at Le Petit-Bornand-les-Glières in the Haute-Savoie France.
 Idris Legbo Kutigi (born December 31 1939) is a Nigerian lawyer and judge. He was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Nigeria from January 30 2007 until 30 December 2009.
 Altüst (Upsidedown in Turkish) is a political magazine currently published in Turkey.
 Sherry Jones (born in Nashville Tennessee) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Tennessee House of Representatives representing District 59 since January 1995.
 A Murder a Mystery and a Marriage is a short story written by Mark Twain in 1876. It was published in a very small unauthorized edition in 1945 with an authorized edition not appearing until 2001. Initially Twain proposed to William Dean Howells that they entice twelve authors including himself to each write a short story to the same plot. The scheme failed and Twain was the only one to flesh out the plot.
 The Black Torment is a 1964 British gothic horror film directed by Robert Hartford-Davis and starring John Turner Heather Sears and Ann Lynn. The film is set in 18th-century Devon and was scripted by brothers Donald and Derek Ford. In terms of plot and setting it shares many similarities with the Hammer Horror productions of the 1960s but was made by a smaller studio Compton Films.
 Seyyedabad (Persian: سيداباد‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād; also known as Saiyid and Seyyed) is a village in Kushk Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 23 families.
 Eskrimadors is a 2010 Philippine documentary film about the Filipino martial arts eskrima written and directed by Kerwin Go a Los Angeles trained cinematographer.
 Shavers Fork Mountain Complex is the name given to the mountains on either side of Shavers Fork in the highlands portions of Randolph County Pocahontas County and Tucker County in West Virginia USA. Much of the land surrounding the river and its adjacent mountains is protected by Monongahela National Forest including about 20000 acres (81 km2) of designated wilderness.
 Qorqoruk-e Olya (Persian: قرقروك عليا‎ also Romanized as Qorqorūk-e ‘Olyā Qarqorūk-e ‘Olyā and Qarqorūk ‘Olyā; also known as Qorqorūk-e Bālā) is a village in Abravan Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 13 families.
 Danial (Persian: دانيال‎ also Romanized as Dānīāl) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 34 families.
 Release in 2001 Al Quds Tunadeena is the second album by Ahmed Bukhatir. One of the nasheeds in this album Zayid Al Wafa is dedicated to the Founder and late President of the United Arab Emirates Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan.
 Ramezan Bijar (Persian: رمضان بيجار‎ also Romanized as Rameẕān Bījār) is a village in Layl Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 7 families.
 Cerro Doña Juana is the highest peak in the municipality of Orocovis Puerto Rico raising to 1058 meters (3471 ft) above sea level. It is part of the Toro Negro State Forest and is the 12th tallest mountain in Puerto Rico.
 A Cold Night's Death (also billed as The Chill Factor) is a 1973 made for television movie in the United States. The film was shown on January 30 1973 on the ABC network.The film was directed by Jerrold Freedman and starred Robert Culp Eli Wallach and Michael C. Gwynne. Culp and Wallach are two research scientists at the Tower Mountain Research Station (based on the University of California's White Mountain Research Station) who are trying to unravel the mysterious death of a colleague.
 John Frederick Seiberling Jr. (September 8 1918 – August 2 2008) was a United States Representative from Ohio. In 1974 he helped to establish what later became the Cuyahoga Valley National Park and served on the House Judiciary Committee that held the impeachment hearings against President Richard Nixon.
 Cloud 7 is a 1955 album by Tony Bennett.This was Tony Bennett's first studio album and was issued in both 10 and 12 formats in the USA as Columbia CL621 and in the UK as Philips BBR8089 - which excluded the track My Reverie. The material featured the Great American Songbook and presented Tony in a new way different from his hit parade orientated material of the early fifties using a combo of jazz musicians.
 Parosmodes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Chah Nahr (Persian: چاه نهر‎ also Romanized as Chāh Nahr and Chāh-e Nahr; also known as Chāh Nar) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District in the Central District of Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1137 in 244 families.
 The Essential Chet Atkins: The Columbia Years is a compilation recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins. The 15 tracks included here are from his recordings on the Columbia label from 1983 to the 1997. The tracks have all been digitally remastered.There is more focus on Atkins' jazz-pop work here but his country roots still crop up. His later collaborations with Mark Knopfler Jerry Reed Suzy Bogguss and Tommy Emmanuel are represented here.
 Filiz Polat (born 11 July 1978 in Bramsche Lower Saxony) is a German politician of Turkish descent for the Alliance '90/The Greens.
 The Bates Well Ranch (O'odham: Juñ Ka:ck) also known as the Bates Well Growler Well Gray Ranch and El Veit was one of the fifteen ranches and line camps in the Gray family cattle business in the Sonoran Desert country north of the US-Mexico border in Pima County Arizona. Operating for nearly 60 years the ranch is now part of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.The main ranch house was moved from Growler Mine to Bates Well in 1942 re-used in traditional frontier and Gray family practice.
 The Ultimate Collection is a 3 CD anthology of recordings by Grace Jones released in 2006 by Universal.
 We're Only In It For The Drugs is the title of the Swedish punk band Ebba Grön's debut album first released in 1979.The title is a play on the 1968 Frank Zappa album We're Only in It for the Money.
 The Mercer Brown House is a historic home located at Rising Sun Cecil County Maryland United States. It consists of three distinct portions: a two-story three-bay gable-roofed Flemish bond brick part dating to 1746; a three bay wide frame portion of the house dating to the early and late 19th century; and a log pen addition. The house is an example of the Pennsylvania Quaker building tradition in Maryland.
 Coleophora gnaphalii is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Sweden and the Baltic States to the Pyrenees the Alps and Romania and from France to Russia.The wingspan is 9–12 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August.The larvae feed on Gnaphalium species and Helichrysum arenarium. They create a small curved hairy case of less than 12 mm. The mouth angle is about 30°. Full-grown larvae can be found from May to June.
 Alexander Bannerman Warburton (April 5 1852 – January 14 1929) was a politician jurist and author who served as the seventh Premier of Prince Edward Island Canada.Alexander was born in Summerside the son of James Warburton who was a member of the provincial assembly. Named after Lieut. Governor Sir Alexander Bannerman he was educated in Summerside at St. Dunstan's College King's College in Nova Scotia and the University of Edinburgh. He was called to the bar in 1879.
 El Día (The Day) is a Spanish newspaper published in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife (Canary Islands Spain) founded in 1939 under the name of La Prensa. According to El Estudio General de Medios the newspaper is on average more daily readers of the Canary Islands.
 ...Rocks Your Lame Ass is the second studio album by the American rock band Hagfish released in June 1995 on London Records. The album was recorded and produced by Bill Stevenson and Stephen Egerton at The Blasting Room in Fort Collins Colorado in 1994. Backed by the singles Stamp and Happiness which also included music videos that were featured on MTV's 120 Minutes Rocks Your Lame Ass would go on to become the group's most successful effort.
 Taherabad-e Torkha (Persian: طاهرابادتركها‎ also Romanized as Ţāherābād-e Torkhā; also known as Ţāherābād-e Tork Ţāherābād and Tirva) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District Zavin District Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 32 families.
 Cnaphostola is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Stateside (released as Sinners in Germany) is a 2004 romantic drama film film based on a true story. It is an adventurous love story about a high school rich kid serving in the Marine Corps to avoid jail who eventually falls in love with a schizophrenic actress. Those around them ask them to keep their distance from each other but both refuse.
 Song of Nevada is a 1944 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers.
 The Crowley School at 301 Main St. in Crowley Colorado was built in 1914. Also known as the Crowley County Heritage Center it is a Renaissance Revival style school building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.It was deemed significant for its architecture. Its NRHP nomination written by the town's mayor asserted:The building is an unusual example of Second Renaissance Revival.
 Yeda Peak is a volcano and the highest peak of the Spectrum Range in the Boundary Ranges of northwestern British Columbia Canada located 57 km (35 mi) southwest of Tatogga and 5 km (3 mi) south of Kitsu Peak. It is believed Yeda Peak last erupted during the Pliocene period.
 Sir William Kennedy Reid KCB is a retired civil servant who was Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration and Health Service Commissioner for England Scotland and Wales (Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman) between 1990 and 1996.Reid was born in Aberdeen in 1931 and was educated at Robert Gordon's College.
 Judas (ジューダス Jūdasu) is a manga by Suu Minazuki (水無月すう Minazuki Sū). There are a total of five volumes in this series. The first was published in English by Tokyopop on October 10 2006. The second volume of this series was released by Tokyopop on February 13 2007. Judas is cursed for his sins to kill six hundred and sixty six (666) people to regain his humanity. However he is forbidden human contact and has no corporeal body. In order to kill he uses his slave Eve to kill for him.
 Jembatan Merah Plaza also known as Red Bridge Plaza is a mall in Surabaya Indonesia.
 Sex Lies and Videotape (styled as sex lies and videotape) is a 1989 American independent drama film that brought director Steven Soderbergh to prominence. It tells the story of a man who films women discussing their sexuality and his impact on the relationships of a troubled married couple and the wife's younger sister.The film won the Palme d'Or at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival and was influential in revolutionizing the independent film movement in the early 1990s.
 Morgan James Homestead is a historic home located at New Britain Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The original Federal period house was built about 1783 and consists of a two-story fieldstone main house with a one-story rear addition. The rear addition contains a kitchen and smokehouse. A three-story stuccoed stone addition with a gable roof was built about 1840. Also on the property is a large Pennsylvania bank barn.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Aqiba (Arabic: عقيبة‎ also spelled Akibah or Agiba) is a village in northern Syria administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate located northwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Afrin and Baselhaya to the northwest Ibbin Deir Jamal and Tell Rifaat to the northeast Nubl to the south Barad to the southwest and Kimar to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Aqiba had a population of 1040 in the 2004 census.
 Upper Glady School is a historic one-room school building located near Crawford Lewis County West Virginia. It was built about 1900 and is a frame building measuring 28 feet by 24 feet and painted white. Also on the property is a coal house used to store coal for fuel. The school operated until 1965.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Magic of Reality: How We Know What's Really True is a 2011 book by British biologist Richard Dawkins with illustrations by Dave McKean. The book was released on 15 September 2011 in the United Kingdom and on 4 October 2011 in the United States.It is a graphic science book aimed primarily at children and young adults.
 Louis Sherman (March 8 1907 – November 2 1984) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Sphodromantis gracilis is a species of praying mantis found in the Transvaal.
 Double Solitaire (1992) the tenth entry and the first full novel in the Wild Cards shared universe fiction series edited by George R. R. Martin. It was authored by Melinda Snodgrass and first published in paperback in the USA.
 Soaring Free (foaled January 28 1999 in Ontario) is a retired Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
 Daniel Herman (born 28 April 1963) is a former Czech Catholic priest and politician. While still a priest he was spokesman of the Czech Bishops' Conference. In 2010 he was appointed Director of the Institute for the Study of Totalitarian Regimes by the Czech government.He was born in České Budějovice and began studying theology in Litoměřice in 1984. In 1989 he was ordained as a priest. He then became secretary to Miloslav Vlk. He was spokesman of the Czech Bishops' Conference 1996–2005.
 Limehouse Blues (also known as East End Chant) is a 1934 crime film set in London's Chinese district and starring George Raft and Anna May Wong. The film is named after the song Limehouse Blues. The movie was directed by Alexander Hall.The film was not a commercial success when first released.
 Terra Alta Bank also known as The History House is a historic bank building located at Terra Alta Preston County West Virginia. It was built in 1893 and is a three-story six bay wide brick Italianate style commercial building. It has a cast iron storefront on the first floor of the main facade and metal window surrounds on the upper floors. The roof line of the building has a decorative bracketed cast iron cornice on three sides.
 Mount Ruapehu or just Ruapehu is an active stratovolcano at the southern end of the Taupo Volcanic Zone in New Zealand. It is 23 kilometres northeast of Ohakune and 40 kilometres southwest of the southern shore of Lake Taupo within Tongariro National Park. The North Island's major skifields and only glaciers are on its slopes.Ruapehu is one of the world's most active volcanoes and the largest active volcano in New Zealand.
 The superfamily Scatopsoidea includes families: Canthyloscelididae Perissommatidae and Scatopsidae.
 The Protestant church of Jorwert or Saint Radboud’s church is a medieval religious building in Jorwert Friesland Netherlands. It is an early 12th-century Romanesque church with a long round closed choir and a late 12th-century tower. The church is largely built of tuffstone. In 1951 the tower collapsed soon after it it was rebuilt.
 Dylewska Góra (German: Kernsdorfer Höhe) is a mountain located in northeastern Poland south of the town of Ostróda in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship. With elevation of 312 m above sea level it is one of the highest peaks of northern and central Poland. Dylewska Góra is a moraine hill with its eastern and northern slopes covered by beech forest. On top there is a TV tower as well as a 37-m high observation tower which provides views of area up to 50 km away.
 Perfect Symmetry is the fifth studio album by progressive metal band Fates Warning released in 1989 through Metal Blade Records; a remastered edition was reissued on June 10 2008 together with a bonus disc containing studio demos as well as a DVD of live performances from the 1989–90 Perfect Symmetry world tour.
 Monosyntaxis radiifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Cerný in 1995. It is found on the Philippines (Mindanao).
 Kowloon Shangri-La (Chinese: 九龍香格里拉大酒店) is a five-star hotel of the Hong Kong based Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts (Chinese: 香格里拉酒店集團) group. It is located on Mody Road in Tsim Sha Tsui East overlooking Victoria Harbour and the Hong Kong Island skyline. It is the sister hotel to the Island Shangri-La in Admiralty district Hong Kong.
 Claravis is a genus that contains three species of doves that live in the Neotropics with ranges in Middle America and South America. Claravis doves have red eyes and pink legs and the plumages of the males are primarily light grey-blue and the females are primarily brown. Both sexes have a series of distinctive spots or bands on the wings. They are fairly arboreal for ground doves. Claravis doves have a distinct fast and rocking flight pattern.
 Sicelo Shiceka (8 June 1966 – 30 April 2012) was a South African politician.A member of the African National Congress Shiceka was a member of the National Assembly and was chosen by President Jacob Zuma as the Minister of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs in May 2009.
 Classic Gold is an album by American comedian George Carlin released on October 27 1992 on Atlantic Records. It contains the comedian's first three gold albums in their entirety: FM & AM (disc 1 tracks 1–10) Class Clown (disc 1 11–13 and disc 2 tracks 1–6) and Occupation: Foole (disc 2 tracks 7–17).
 Grabek [ˈɡrabɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mycielin within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Korzeniew 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 105 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 80.
 Gardan Partaraj Tang Pivareh (Persian: گردن پرتراج تنگ پيواره‎ also Romanized as Gardan Partarāj Tang Pīvāreh; also known as Gardanpar-e Soltan) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 4 families.
 The Pârâul cu Borviz is a tributary of the Ozunca River in Romania.
 The Fish Creek Mountains are a mountain range in Lander County Nevada.
 Ancylosis pectinatella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Uzbekistan Spain and Turkey.The wingspan is about 22 mm.
 Hawkins's Rail or Giant Chatham Island Rail Diaphorapteryx hawkinsi was a flightless extinct bird endemic to the Chatham Islands east of New Zealand. It is known to have existed only on the main islands of Chatham Island and Pitt Island.
 Lasiothyris megapenis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerais).
 The Buginese people are an ethnic group - the most numerous of the three major linguistic and ethnic groups of South Sulawesi in the southwestern province of Sulawesi third largest island of Indonesia. The Austronesian ancestors of the Buginese people settled on Sulawesi around 2500 B.C.E.
 Qeshlaq-e Hajj Shirin Mosib (Persian: قشلاق حاج شيرين مصيب‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj Shīrīn Moṣīb) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 33 families.
 Sinocupido is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 The house at 809 Grand View Avenue is a Mission/Spanish Revival style house located in Kingman Arizona. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Meenathil Thalikettu (English: Wedding in March) is a 1998 Malayalam film directed by Rajan Sankaradi written by A.K. Sajan and A. K. Santhosh with the story by Lal Jose. Dileep Thilakan Sulekha Zeenath and Jagathy Sreekumar play the lead roles. Oduvil Unnikrishnan makes a cameo appearance. The film is about a 22-year-old Omanakkuttan (Dileep) who is still a high school student and then gets married due to certain circumstances. The music is composed by Ouseppachan.
 The Rotokino River is a short river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from Lake Rotokino draining its waters to the Whataroa River.
 Ramrao Madhavrao Deshmukh (Marathi: रामराव माधवराव देश्मुख) was a prominent political and academic personality from Amravati Maharashtra. He was one of the very few Barristers from the region at that time.
 Raymond Lavigne (born November 16 1945) is a former Canadian senator and businessman and a former Member of Parliament (MP).Lavigne first ran as a Liberal candidate for the Canadian House of Commons in the Quebec riding of Verdun—Saint-Paul at the 1988 election but was unsuccessful. He successfully contested the riding in the 1993 election. He was re-elected as the MP for the riding with altered boundaries in the 1997 and 2000 federal elections.
 Vakkalathu Narayanankutty is a 2001 Malayalam film co-written and directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar with Jayaram Manya Mukesh and Jagathy Sreekumar in the lead. It was actor Bobby Kottarakkara's last film. It was during the shooting of this film that Bobby Kottarakkara died leaving the team to continue the shooting without him. The film had an average performance in the box office.
 South Plains Mall is a 1200000-square-foot (110000 m2) shopping mall located in Lubbock Texas. It is located at the southwest corner of Loop 289 and Slide Road in the busy shopping district of southwest Lubbock.[citation needed] The mall was opened in 1972 with an initial square footage of 846000 square feet (78600 m2) at a cost of $25 million.The mall has been owned by Macerich since its purchase in 1998 for $115.7 million from the original developer South Plains Mall Associates Ltd.
 St. Luke's Hospital is a former hospital building located on a bluff overlooking downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It is listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties and on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Vito Alfio Ciancimino (April 2 1924 – November 19 2002) was an Italian politician close to the Mafia leadership he became notorious for enriching himself and his associates by corruptly granting planning permission. An abrasive personality he served briefly as mayor of Palermo Sicily as a Christian Democrat. Ciancimino was close to Mafia boss and perennial fugitive Bernardo Provenzano but regarded Salvatore Riina as irrational.
 Acrolophidae (Burrowing webworm moths) is a family of moths in the Lepidoptera order. In addition there are about 300 species which live in the wild only in the New World.
 Jim O'Rourke was a Democratic member of the Connecticut House of Representatives. He represented the towns of Cromwell Portland and parts of Middletown from 1990 election to the 2010 election. He was Deputy Speaker of the Connecticut House. He also served on the Energy and Technology; Finance Revenue and Bonding and Environment Committees.O'Rourke is employed as a development director at a Middletown nonprofit social services agency.
 Beşiktaş is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Euphaedra vandeweghei is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Gabon.
 First Congregational Church of Buxton is a historic church on ME 112 in Buxton Maine.It was built in 1822 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Puff-backed Bulbul (Pycnonotus eutilotus) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Burma Singapore and Thailand.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 A polje (pronounced [pôʎe]) (or karst polje or karst field) is a large flat plain found in karstic geological regions of the world with areas usually 5 to 400 km². The name derives from the Slavic languages and literally means field where in English polje describes specifically as karstic plain or field as explained previously.
 Straight Up with a Twist is the fifth full-length album and the first jazz album from Kristine W released on September 14 2010. The first single sent to radio Feel What You Want was released to jazz stations on August 6 2010.
 The Pigne de la Lé is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located south of Zinal in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Grand Cornier on the range between the Moiry Glacier and the valley of Zinal.
 The Emory Wheel is the student-run newspaper of Emory University in Atlanta Georgia. The Wheel is published twice a week on Tuesday and Friday during the regular school year and is updated regularly at its website. The sections of the Wheel include News Editorials Sports Student Life Arts & Entertainment and formerly The Hub an award-winning quarterly magazine founded in 2005.
 The Săcal River ( Hungarian: Szakál-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Gregorio Licaros was the fourth Governor of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas from 1970 to 1981. From Meycauayan Bulacan married to Concepcion Blanco and had two sons Gregorio Jr. and Abelardo
 Mr. Lemons is the third full-length album by singer/songwriter Glen Phillips. It was released in May 2006 and features a cover of the Huey Lewis and the News hit I Want a New Drug.To promote the album the first 1700 pre-orders from the Aware Records online store were autographed by Phillips. Artwork for the album was done by Phillips' wife Laurel.
 The Raging Quiet is a novel by Sherryl Jordan. It takes place in medieval times when God was cherished and witches were burned. The novel revolves around a beautiful hardworking young woman named Marnie who is sent off to be married to a lord in order to let her family keep their house and farm. Traveling to their new seaside cottage home with her new husband she encounters a boy her age who is being whipped. Raver is known as a madman with demons.
 Mount Temple is a mountain in Banff National Park of the Canadian Rockies of Alberta Canada. Mt. Temple is located in the Bow River Valley between Paradise Creek and Moraine Creek and is the highest peak in the Lake Louise area. The peak dominates the western landscape along the Trans-Canada Highway from Castle Junction to Lake Louise.
 Phyllis Thede is a Democratic politician representing the 93rd District in the Iowa House of Representatives she was first elected in 2009.As of September 2011 Thede serves on several committees in the Iowa House - the Ethics Local Government and Natural Resources committees. She also serves as the ranking member of the Environmental Protection committee and as a member of the Health and Human Services Appropriations Subcommittee and of the Human Rights Board.
 Distichodus is a genus of fish in the Distichodontidae family found in tropical Africa.
 Killing Car (original title: Femme Dangereuse or Dangerous Woman) is a 1989 film directed by Jean Rollin.
 The Eumeralla River is a river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It is one of two rivers flowing into Lake Yambuk at the Yambuk Important Bird Area which empties into Bass Strait the other being the Shaw River. It is sourced from a number of creeks near Macarthur. It lends its name to the Eumeralla Wars the conflict between European settlers and the earlier indigenous inhabitants.
 Dark Dream is a paranormal/suspense novel written by American author Christine Feehan. Published in 2001 it is the Seventh book in her Dark Series which to date has 20 titles.
 Pizzo Magn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Biasca in the canton of Ticino. It is located west of the Mottone di Cava.
 Metopoceras driss is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Morocco and has been found once in Spain.
 The Original Kings of Comedy is a 2000 stand-up comedy film directed by Spike Lee and featuring the comedy routines of Steve Harvey D.L. Hughley Cedric the Entertainer and Bernie Mac. Filmed in front of an audience at the Charlotte Coliseum in Charlotte North Carolina the comedians give the audience their views about African-American culture race relations religion and family.
 Kuszkowo [kuʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Lloyd Alton Doggett II (born October 6 1946) is a U.S. Representative from Texas. A member of the Democratic Party he has represented a district based in the state capital Austin since 1995 currently numbered as the 35th district.
 The Day After Judgment Is the second of a pair of short novels by James Blish. The first is the novel Black Easter. They have more recently been published as a single book called The Devil's Day.
 Indian Ocean is the debut album from Indian Ocean. The band’s first album recorded in just 10 days at HMV’s Dumdum studio Calcutta in December 92. Shaleen Sharma played the drums on this album. This is the only album in which Shaleen Sharma was present later when Shaleen Sharma left the band he was replaced by Amit Kilam. Released only on cassette. Recording Engineer for this album was Raja Mukherjee. Cover concept was done by Manas Chakrabarti.
 The Machine God Laughs is an anthology of three science fiction short stories edited anonymously by William L. Crawford. It was published by Griffin Publishing Company during 1949 in an edition of 1200 copies. The stories were published originally in the magazine Fantasy Book.
 Oh So Sharp (1982–2001) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Fillies' Triple Crown in 1985. In a racing carer which lasted from August 1984 until September 1985 she won seven of her nine races starting favourite on each occasion and never at odds of more than 2/1. She was one of the leading two-year-old fillies of 1984 when she as unbeaten in three races including the Fillies' Mile.
 Stob a' Choire Odhair is a Scottish mountain situated eight kilometres north west of Bridge of Orchy on the border of the Argyll and Bute and Highland council areas.
 Four Thieves Gone: The Robbinsville Sessions is a 2006 album by The Avett Brothers. Recorded in a rented house in Robbinsville NC over the course of 10 days in early 2005 Four Thieves Gone saw the introduction of electric guitar and heavier drums to the band's ever-evolving sound. The album features fellow Ramseur Records artist Paleface.
 Her Escape is a post-hardcore EP by Four Letter Lie. It was independently released on May 29 2005 and sold over 1500 copies.
 The Senegal Parrot (Poicephalus senegalus) is a Poicephalus parrot which is a resident breeder across a wide range of west Africa. It makes migrations within west Africa according to the availability of the fruit seeds and blossoms which make up its diet. It is considered a farm pest in Africa often feeding on maize or millet. It is popular in aviculture.
 Eternal Frost is the only EP of the American doom metal band Winter. The album was released in 1994 by Nuclear Blast Records. It was later re-issued by Nuclear Blast as a digipak with the album Into Darkness merged into one.
 St Botolph-without-Bishopsgate is a Church of England church on the west side of Bishopsgate in the City of London first mentioned in 1212. It survived the Great Fire of London in 1666 and was rebuilt in 1724–29.
 Zarrin Kola (Persian: زرين كلا‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn Kolā; also known as Zarrīn Kolā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Mian Band Rural District in the Central District of Nur County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 513 in 133 families.
 Krishnapillai Thurairajasingam is a Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer politician provincial councillor and former Member of Parliament.Thurairajasingam contested the 1994 parliamentary election as one of the Tamil United Liberation Front's candidates in Batticaloa District and was elected to Parliament. He contested the 2012 provincial council election as one of the Tamil National Alliance's candidates in Batticaloa District and was elected to the Eastern Provincial Council (EPC).
 Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Karim Nury (Persian: مزرعه محمدكريم نورئ‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Moḩammad Karīm Nūry) is a village in Kamaraj Rural District Kamaraj and Konartakhteh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kandawada is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district AP India. It falls under Chevella mandal.
 Kola (Russian: Кола) is a river on the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia. It is 83 km long with a drainage basin of 3850 km². The river flows out of Lake Kolozero north into the Kola Bay of the Barents Sea some 10 km south of Murmansk. The neighbouring Tuloma River has its mouth just one kilometer to the west. The average discharge is 40 m³/s but there are large seasonal variations. Its largest tributaries is Kitza and Orlovka from the right and Tukhta and Medvezhya from the left.
 The Saffron-crowned Tanager (Tangara xanthocephala) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 William Gordon Ernst PC (October 18 1897 – July 12 1939) was a Canadian politician.Born in Mahone Bay Nova Scotia he first ran for the Canadian House of Commons in the 1925 federal election in the Nova Scotia riding of Queens—Lunenburg. A Conservative he was defeated but he was elected in the 1926 federal election. He was re-elected in 1930 and defeated in 1935.
 The Pârâul Alb is a tributary of the Valea Cailor River in Romania
 Capt. Kanwaljit Singh (1 September 1942 – 29 March 2009) was a Punjab Cooperation Minister and Shiromani Akali Dal's General Secretary. He was injured in a road accident near Kharar on 29 March 2009 and died at PGIMER Chandigarh on the same day.
 Lyndon Trott was born on 17 July 1964 from St. Sampson Guernsey and he was the Chief Minister of Guernsey from 2008-2012. He was elected to the position on 1 May 2008 and his term of office expired on 30 April 2012. He was re-elected as a Deputy for the electoral district of St. Sampson in the General Election of 2012.Deputy Trott has been a deputy in the States of Guernsey since 2000.
 Grace Rohrer (full name: Grace Jemison Rohrer-Huff; June 14 1924 – October 12 2011) was an American educator arts and women's rights activist and politician who served as the first woman to hold a state cabinet-level position in North Carolina when she was appointed Secretary of Cultural Resources by Governor James Holshouser from 1973–77. A Republican she also served as Secretary of Administration under James G. Martin 1985–87.
 Mount Parnitha (Greek modern: Πάρνηθα ancient/Katharevousa: Πάρνης Parnis/Parnes; sometimes Parnetha) is a densely forested mountain range north of Athens the highest on the peninsula of Attica with an elevation of 1413 m and a summit known as Karavola (Καραβόλα). Much of the mountain is designated a national park and is a protected habitat for wildfowl first created in 1961.
 The Marion Hotel is a historic hotel in Ocala Florida United States. It is located at 108 North Magnolia Avenue. On October 16 1980 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Kushk-e Bidak (Persian: كوشك بيدك‎ also Romanized as Kūshk-e Bīdak and Kūshk Bīdak; also known as Kooshké Bidak and Kūshk-e Bīd and) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3016 in 770 families.
 Outside Out is the first full-length feature film from Phish bassist Mike Gordon. It premiered in theaters in early 2001 and starred Jimi Stout Col. Bruce Hampton Ashley Scott Shamp Gordon and others.The film revolves around the life of confused teenager Rick who begins taking guitar lessons from Hampton. Hampton's unorthodox style of teaching infuriates Rick's parents who insists he attend military school.
 The Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum (reporting mark BRMX) is a railroad museum located in Lenox Massachusetts United States that offers historical exhibits as well as train rides up to Stockbridge on the Housatonic Railroad right of way. The Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum was founded in 1984 as a not-for-profit organization. The same year the Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum began operating passenger excursions between Lee and Great Barrington over tracks owned by the Housatonic Railroad.
 The Saint and the Fiction Makers (some editions use the hyphenated form Fiction-Makers) is the title of a 1968 mystery novel featuring the character of Simon Templar alias The Saint.
 The Return of Navajo Boy (released in 2000) is an award-winning documentary film produced by Jeff Spitz and Bennie Klain about the Cly family Navajo who have suffered health problems due to environmental contamination from uranium mining on tribal land in Monument Valley Utah.
 Hotel Montclair also known as The Montclair was a hotel located in Montclair New Jersey. The hotel featured amenities such as a sunroom an English grill a bar and an artesian well.
 The Church of the Mediator is an historic church in Micanopy Florida which was built in 1874 as a Presbyterian church but since 1966 has been an Episcopal church. It is a contributing property in the Micanopy Historic District.
 The Thomas Ayer House is a historic house at 8 Grove Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1864 and is a conservative but detailed example of early Italianate architecture. It has pilastered corner boards bracketed eaves and tall windows with projecting sills and lintels. The front portico has simple round columns supporting a roof with a low balcony.
 The Presidency of Benigno S. Aquino III began at noon on June 30 2010 when he became the fifteenth President of the Philippines succeeding Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. Aquino is the third-youngest person to be elected president and the fourth-youngest president after Emilio Aguinaldo Ramon Magsaysay and Ferdinand Marcos. Aquino is the first president to be a bachelor being unmarried and having no children.
 Berlin Diary (1934–1941) is a first-hand account of the rise of the Third Reich and its road to war as witnessed by the American journalist William L. Shirer. Shirer a radio reporter for CBS covered Germany for several years until the Nazi press censors made it impossible for him to report objectively to his listeners in the United States; feeling increasingly uncomfortable he left the country.
 Rajaputhran is a 1996 Malayalam action-drama film directed by Shajoon Kariyal. It stars Suresh Gopi and Shobana in the lead roles.
 John Henry Bowen (September 1780 – September 25 1822) was an American politician who represented Tennessee in the United States House of Representatives.
 Sipahiler is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 53 people.
 Quick Frozen Small Yellow Cracker is the debut album by Schwervon! a band consisting of Major Matt Mason USA and Nan Turner the latter formerly of the band Bionic Finger.The album was released on CD in the US by Major Matt's own label Olive Juice Music in 2000. It was later issued in the UK by Teenage Fanclub drummer Francis MacDonald's Shoeshine Records with 3 additional tracks.
 Thomas B. Woodworth (October 2 1841-January 16 1904) was a newspaper publisher lawyer and member of the Woodworth political family.
 The Souris River (French: rivière Souris) or Mouse River (as it is alternatively known in the U.S.) is a river in central North America. It is about 700 km (435 mi) in length and drains about 23600 square miles (61100 km2). It rises in the Yellow Grass Marshes north of Weyburn Saskatchewan. It wanders south through North Dakota beyond Minot to its most southern point at the city of Velva ND and then back north into Manitoba.
 Bitter Flowers (Bitre Blomster) is 2007 Norwegian crime thriller directed by Ulrik Imtiaz Rolfsen. It is the first in a series of six films about the private detective Varg Veum based on the books by Gunnar Staalesen. The film stars Trond Espen Seim as Veum.
 Stary Machnów [ˈstarɨ ˈmaxnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine.
 The Racovița River is a tributary of the Lucșoara River in Romania.
 Station Hill is a road and proposed redevelopment project in Reading Berkshire England.
 The Great Silver Eye: An Anthology is a compilation album by Portuguese gothic metal band Moonspell released on June 29 2007. The album contains the band's most well known songs.
 Í Blóði og Anda (English: In Blood and Spirit) is the first full length album by Sólstafir.Sólstafir started to record Í Blóði og Anda in 1999 but it wasn't released until 2002. Shortly after its release Ars Metalli went under and the album became a rarity just a few months after its release.
 Sorsavesi is a rather bigmedium-sized lake in the southeast of Finland partly in the region Southern Savonia and partly in Northern Savonia. It belongs to Vuoksi main catchment area.
 The Church of San Michele Arcangelo (St Michele Archangel) is a 13th-century Romanesque church in Volterra Italy. The church is across the street from the Medieval Palazzo Maffei-Guarnacci (Casa Torre Toscano).While there is documentation dating a church on the site to the 10th century the Romanesque facade of the church partially embellished with marble and pietra dura striations dates to around 1285. In the arches are reliefs with the heraldic symbols of the Farnese family.
 Inge Faes (born 29 May 1973 in Hamme) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. She was elected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2010.
 Dark Summer is a 1992 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the ninth book featuring Sydney homicide detective Scobie Malone and begins with the discovery of a corpse in Scobie's swimming pool. The dead man was an informer involved in Scobie's recent drug investigation.
 Eudendrium generale is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Alun Ffred Jones (born 29 October 1949) is a Welsh politician and member of Plaid Cymru. Jones was the National Assembly for Wales Member for Caernarfon 2003–07 and for the newly created Arfon constituency since the National Assembly for Wales election 2007.
 Williston Lake is a reservoir created by the W. A. C. Bennett Dam and is located in the Northern Interior of British Columbia Canada.
 Imara is a genus of moths within the family Castniidae.
 The Judele River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
 Hamidiye is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 Ladyhawke is a 1985 fantasy film directed by Richard Donner starring Matthew Broderick Rutger Hauer and Michelle Pfeiffer.A thief called The Mouse escapes the dungeons of medieval L'Aquila setting in motion a chain of events that may save or destroy a beautiful woman and a brave captain. The two lovers are doomed to lifelong separation by a demonic curse invoked by the corrupt and jealous Bishop of Aquila: by day Isabeau is transformed into a hawk while at night Navarre becomes a wolf.
 The Pioneer and Military Memorial Park is the official name given to seven historic cemeteries in Phoenix Arizona. The cemeteries were founded in 1884 in what was known as Block 32. On February 1 2007 Block 32 was renamed Pioneer and Military Memorial Park. The Pioneer and Military Memorial Park is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 Tepa-ye Olya (Persian: تپاعليا‎ also Romanized as Tepā-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Tīā-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Bazoft Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 7 families.
 The Pir Panjal Range is a group of mountains in the Inner Himalayan region running from east-southeast (ESE) to west-northwest (WNW) across the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh and the disputed territories comprising Indian administered Jammu and Kashmir and Pakistan administered Azad Kashmir where the average elevation varies from 1400 m (4600 ft) to 4100 m (13500 ft). The Himalayas show a gradual elevation towards the Dhauldhar and Pir Panjal ranges.
 The Blue-fronted Blue Flycatcher (Cyornis hoevelli) also known as the Blue-fronted Flycatcher is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Ruins of Ambrai is a 1994 fantasy novel written by American author Melanie Rawn. First of three in the Exiles Trilogy it is set in the fictional world of Lenfell settled by human Catholic colonists. In the far past the population is decimated in the Waste Wars and the ruling class has emerged based on the ability to have healthy children. This leads to a very matriarchal society with women holding all the power and men treated as cattle.
 Riverside Methodist Church and Parsonage is a historic Methodist church and parsonage on Charles and Orchard Streets in Rhinecliff Dutchess County in the U.S. state of New York. The church was built about 1859 and the parsonage about 1888. The church is a small two story rectangular stone building in the Gothic Revival style. It features a steeply pitched gable roof covered in polychrome slate. It has an open-frame bell tower and is built into the side of a hill.
 Fantastic Voyages Vol. 1 is a DVD released by the New Zealand band Fat Freddy's Drop. It includes live footage shot on their '2006 World Cup Tour' around Europe as well as extra music videos and bonus material.
 The freshwater butterflyfish or African butterflyfish Pantodon buchholzi is the only species in the family Pantodontidae within the order Osteoglossiformes. It is not closely related to saltwater butterflyfishes.
 Podlas [ˈpɔdlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Rawa Mazowiecka and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Automatic is the third album by Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain. The Mary Chain on this record is basically the core duo of brothers William and Jim Reid with a drum machine providing percussion and even a synthesizer filling in on bass guitar. The only other credited musician was Richard Thomas who joined the touring version of the Mary Chain as a drummer. Thomas drummed on Gimme Hell and was a former member of Dif Juz.
 Keng Vannsak (1925 – 18 December 2008) Khmer: កេង វ៉ាន់សាក់) was a Cambodian scholar philosopher and Khmer linguist. He invented the Khmer typewriter keyboard in 1952. He had lived in exile in Paris France from 1970 until his death in 2008.
 St. Paul Catholic Church (St. Paul on Salt River; Center Parish) is a historic building in Center Missouri.It was built in 1860 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 The Manipur bush rat (Hadromys humei) also known as Hume's rat or Hume's hadromys is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found in northeastern India and is listed as endangered..
 The Jacaré River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Boczków [ˈbɔt͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Skalmierzyce 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 105 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 400.
 Bhartruhari Mahtab (born 8 September 1957) is an Indian politician. He is a member of the Biju Janata Dal (BJD) political party. He was elected to the 12th Lok Sabha in 1998 from Cuttack constituency in Odisha. He was re-elected to the Lok Sabha in 1999 2004 and 2009 from the same constituency.
 My Flag (March 25 1993 - April 12 2014) was an American Thoroughbred Racehorse. She was one of the leading American fillies of her generation winning the Coaching Club American Oaks and finishing third against colts in the Belmont Stakes in 1996. My Flag was euthanized April 12 2014 at age of 21 for due to foaling complications for her bay colt by Bernardini.
 Maurice John Belgrave DCNZM (31 August 1940 – 3 December 2007) was a senior public servant and Chief Ombudsman of New Zealand.
 Mansur al-Atrash (Arabic: منصور الأطرش‎; 3 February 1925 – 14 November 2006) was a Syrian politician and journalist. Together with fellow university students Atrash became a founding member of the Ba'ath Party and its Syrian regional branch in 1947. During the presidency of Adib Shishakli (1951–54) he became an anti-government activist and was imprisoned twice only to be released in an unsuccessful attempt by Shishakli to gain the support of Atrash's father Sultan.
 Jamshahi (Persian: جم شاهي‎ also Romanized as Jamshāhī) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 67 families.
 Château de Jaurias is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Jāmeh Mosque of Varāmīn (Persian: مسجد جامع ورامین‎ – Masjid-e-Jāmeh Varāmīn) Congretation mosque of Varamin Friday mosque of Varamin or Grand mosque of Varamin is the grand congregational mosque (Jāmeh) of Varamin city within the Tehran Province of Iran.This mosque is one of the oldest buildings of Varamin city. Its construction began during the reign of’ Sultan Mohammad Khodabaneh and was completed during his son’s rule Sultan Abu Sa'eed.
 The Cornetu River is a tributary of the Taudor River in Romania.
 Maurice Faure (2 January 1922 – 6 March 2014) was a member of the French Resistance and a minister in several French governments. He was born in Azerat Dordogne.He was a deputy in the French parliament from 1951 to 1983 and a Senator from 1983 to 1988 representing Lot and served 25 years as Mayor of Cahors.
 Gać [ɡat͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 The North Fork Gunnison River (locally known as the North Fork) is a tributary of the Gunnison River 33.5 miles (53.9 km) long in southwestern Colorado in the United States. It drains part of the southwestern flank of the Elk Mountains northeast of Delta. It is formed in the mountains of northwestern Gunnison County by the confluence of Muddy Creek and Anthracite Creek. The confluence is located along State Highway 133 on the south side of McClure Pass.
 Stjepan Kovačević (Hungarian: István Kovacsevics; 1841 – 25 April 1913) was a Croatian politician who served as Minister without portfolio of Croatian Affairs between 1905 and 1906.
 Nicholas John Sherry (born 19 November 1955) a former Australian politician is a former member of the Australian Senate for the state of Tasmania from July 1990 until June 2012 representing the Australian Labor Party. Sherry was sworn in as the Assistant Treasurer on 9 June 2009 after serving as the first Australian Minister for Superannuation and Corporate Law. Sherry was the first Assistant Treasurer from Tasmania.
 Lopharcha kopeci is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Vietnam.
 Ms. Kelly is the second solo studio album by American recording artist Kelly Rowland. It was first released on June 20 2007 by Columbia Records in collaboration with Music World Entertainment and Sony Music. Originally branded My Story and expected for a mid-2006 release the album marked Rowland's first regular solo release in four years.
 Ødevatn or Ødevatnet (Kven: Evettijärvi) is a lake located in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 2.83-square-kilometre (1.09 sq mi) lake lies entirely within Øvre Pasvik National Park to the southeast of the large lake Ellenvatnet. Unlike some other lakes in the area it lies in a deep fault giving it a long and narrow profile. The fault continues northeastwards creating the Revsaksskaret cliff.
 The Makarau River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. The river rises some 10 kilometres north of Kaukapakapa flowing west before entering the south of the Kaipara Harbour.
 The Perdido River is a 65.4-mile-long (105.3 km) river in the U.S. states of Alabama and Florida; the Perdido a designated Outstanding Florida Waters river forms part of the boundary between the two states along nearly its entire length and drains into the Gulf of Mexico.
 PC Explorer was a computer magazine published in the United Kingdom by Magnesium Media Ltd. Its editor was David Nield.The magazine was discontinued in August 2009 after almost ten years in production.
 Rancheros Creek is a tributary stream of the Sabinal River in Medina County and Uvalde County Texas.Rancheros Creek runs 26 miles from its source in hills 10 miles south of Uvalde Texas. It runs southeast for a few miles being joined from the left bank by Comanche Creek then to Comanche Waterhole where it has its confluence with Little Comanche Creek before turning to the southwest and running to its confluence with the Sabinal River four miles south of Sabinal.
 Abedus is a genus of giant water bugs. Species of this genus exhibit male parental care. Eggs are laid on the male's back and the male tends them until the eggs hatch.
 Congregational Church (First Congregational Church of Montclair) is a historic church at 42 S. Fullerton Avenue in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1920 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Lisle Austin is the former President of the Barbados Football Association. On 30 May 2011 he was appointed temporary President of CONCACAF in place of Jack Warner after Warner's suspension from football activities.On the day of his appointment he attempted to remove Chuck Blazer from his position as General Secretary of CONCACAF. However he was informed by a majority of the Executive Committee that he lacked any authority to do so.
 The Jackson Rooming House also known as Jackson House is a historic building constructed in 1901 as a boarding house in the city of Tampa in the U.S. state of Florida. It provided accommodations to African-Americans and other travelers of African descent during the era of racial segregation. It is located on the north end of downtown at 851 Zack Street approximately one block west of Tampa Union Station. On March 7 2007 it was added to the U.S.
 Tajareh (Persian: تجره‎ also Romanized as Tajreh) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District in the Central District of Khvansar County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 136 families.
 Lymantria dispar japonica commonly known as the Japanese Gypsy Moth is a moth in the family Erebidae of Eurasian origin.
 A Goat's Tail is a 2006 British-Ghanaian film and is the directorial debut feature of Julius Amedume who also wrote the script. The plot follows a Ghanaian taxi driver who travels to London and encounters an underworld of drug culture.The film won the Best Feature award at the 2007 Los Angeles Pan African Film Festival.[citation needed]
 Eresia clio the Common Crescent or Clio Crescent is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It was described by Linnaeus in 1758. It is found from southern Mexico to Peru Bolivia the Guyanas and Brazil (from Amazonas to Mato Grosso). The habitat consists of forest edges with low vegetation.The wingspan is about 36 mm. Adults feed on flower nectar and males have been observed imbibing moisture from sandbanks river beds drying pools or peccary wallows.
 Aravaipa Creek is a major drainage between three mountain ranges in southeast Graham County Arizona. It is located on the north and northeast perimeter of the Galiuro Mountains massif as it flows northwest then southeast through and around the range's north end to meet the San Pedro River. It drains northwest through the narrow fault-blocked Aravaipa Valley. The Santa Teresa Mountains border the narrow canyon and valley northeast.
 Nieuwe Kerk (English: New Church) is a landmark Protestant church in Delft Netherlands. The building is located on Delft Market Square (Markt) opposite to the City Hall (Dutch: Stadhuis). In 1584 William the Silent was entombed here in a mausoleum designed by Hendrick and Pieter de Keyser. Since then members of the House of Orange-Nassau have been entombed in the royal crypt. The latest are Queen Juliana and her husband Prince Bernhard in 2004.
 B-Girl is a 2009 dance film written and directed by Emily Dell and starring Julie Urich Missy Yager Wesley Jonathan Drew Sidora Aimee Garcia James Martinez and based on director Emily Dell's 2004 short film of the same name.
 The Virginia Historical Society (VHS) founded in 1811 as the Virginia Historical and Philosophical Society and headquartered in Richmond Virginia is a major repository research and teaching center for Virginia history.
 Cena is a small river in Semigallia Latvia the right banks tributary of Misa river. The river starts in Cenas tīrelis swamp in Babīte municipality and ends in Misa river Ozolnieki municipality. Almost in all its length Cena river is rectificated.
 Podorašje is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Srebrenik.
 The Broncho Twister is 1927 silent Western starring Tom Mix.
 Let England Shake is the eighth studio album by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey released on 11 February 2011 by Island Records. Work on it began around the time of White Chalk's release in 2007 though it is a departure from the piano-driven introspection of that album. The album was written over a period of two-and-a-half years and recorded in a five-week period at a church in Dorset in April and May 2010.Upon its release the album received numerous accolades.
 Trzciano [ˈtʂt͡ɕanɔ] (German Hönigfelde or Königfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Ryjewo 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Kwidzyn and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk. The village has a population of 440.
 The Last Frontier is a novel written by Scottish author Alistair MacLean and was first published in 1959. It was released in the United States under the title The Secret Ways.
 Kurisoo is a village in Ambla Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Gol (Persian: گل‎) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 308 in 73 families.
 The Bogata River or Vad River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 The Giesy–Failing House is a house located southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located in the Goose Hollow neighborhood.
 Mordella ruficornis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1931.
 The Santo Antônio River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Wouter van Twiller (May 22 1606 – buried August 29 1654) was an employee of the Dutch West India Company and the Director-General of New Netherland from 1633 until 1638. He succeeded Peter Minuit who was recalled by the Dutch West India authorities in Amsterdam for unknown reasons.
 The High Mountain Blue (Agriades franklinii) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from Alaska to California.
 The Lace Museum is located in Piazza Galuppi Burano Italy at the palace that was seat of the Burano Lace School. Re-opened to the public in June 2011 after extensive restoration works the Lace Museum offers a complete overview of the laces of Venice and islands and is one of the 11 civic museums managed by the Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia.
 Arinia boreoborneensis is a species of small land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Malaysia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The South Center School House is a historic one-room school house on Washington Mountain Road in Washington Massachusetts. The school was built in 1880 at the site of the town's first school for $300. Washington's population was in a period of decline through the turn of the century and the school closed in 1922. It was restored by the local historic commission in the 1970s and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Wood of Suicides is a 2014 debut novel by Australian writer Laura Elizabeth Woollett. It centers on a 17-year-old girl's affair with her English teacher after her father commits suicide.
 The Maratá River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Euro 2000: The Official Album is an album with various artists released on June 12 2000 as the official music album for UEFA Euro 2000 in the Netherlands and Belgium.
 Amaryllis Night and Day is a 2001 novel by Russell Hoban incorporating elements of magic realism and romance.
 Nebioğlu Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan Ankara Province Turkey.
 Pentacitrotus quercivorus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the north-eastern Himalayas.The wingspan is about 26 mm. The forewings are black with light orange-pinkish markings edged at a short distance with shining violet-metallic lines. The hindwings are yellowish-orange but the anal half is pale ochreous.The larvae feed on Quercus semicarpifolia.
 Actenoptila is a genus of moths in the Carposinidae family.
 Heather R. Mizeur (/mɪˈzɪər/ mi-ZEER; born December 6 1972) is an American politician from Maryland. A Democrat she is a member of the Maryland House of Delegates representing the state's 20th district in Montgomery County. Mizeur is currently a candidate in the 2014 Maryland gubernatorial election.
 Dan W. Harrington is a Democratic member of the Montana Senate representing District 38 since 2000. He is the current President Pro Tempore. He was previously a member of the Montana House of Representatives from 1977 through 2001.
 The Ahr (Italian: Aurino) is a river in South Tyrol Italy which flows through the Tauferer Ahrntal.
 Woodside is a historic home located near Delaplane Fauquier County Virginia. The oldest section was built about 1800 and is located in the rear. It is of hewn log construction (possibly chestnut) clad with a brick veneer in the mid-20th century and connected to the main house by a hyphen. The main house was built in 1848 and is a two-story three bay brick structure in a vernacular Greek Revival style.
 Weiß (Sieg) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Dr. Miklós Simon (born January 20 1962) is a Hungarian physicist and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Nyírbátor (Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County Constituency VI) from 1998 to 2006 and since 2010. He was also MP from the Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County Regional List of the Fidesz between 2006 and 2010.
 Srima is a village in Croatia.
 The Basilica of Saint Praxedes (Latin: Basilica Sanctae Praxedis Italian: Basilica di Santa Prassede all’Esquillino) commonly known in Italian as Santa Prassede is an ancient titular church and minor basilica in Rome Italy located near the papal basilica of Saint Mary Major. The current Cardinal Priest of Titulus Sancta Praxedis is Paul Poupard.
 Dual is a 2008 independent Western drama film. It was directed by Steven R. Monroe and written by and starring Michael Worth.
 Hermon W. Pratt (July 20 1845 – May 2 1918) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the 21st Mayor of Chelsea Massachusetts.
 IEEE Transactions on Terahertz Science and Technology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering terahertz science technology instruments and applications – Expanding the use of the Electromagnetic Spectrum. The editor-in-chief is Peter H. Siegel (California Institute of Technology).
 The Greul River is a tributary of the Pârâul Negru in Romania.
 Thomas Andrew Luken (born July 9 1925 Cincinnati Ohio) is a politician of the Democratic Party from Ohio.Luken received his high school diploma in 1942 from Purcell High School. During the Second World War Luken served as a U.S. Marine. In 1947 he earned a bachelor of arts degree from Xavier University in Cincinnati after having earned some credits at Bowling Green State University. In 1950 he earned a law degree at the Salmon P.
 The Threefoot Building is a historic building located in downtown Meridian Mississippi. The building is the tallest building in the city standing 16 stories tall. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 18 1979 under the Meridian Multiple Property Submission and it was listed as a Mississippi Landmark in 2008. It was built in 1929 as Meridian's Art Deco Center but is now abandoned. The site was added to the America's Most Endangered Places in 2010.
 Cunitz is a crater on Venus at latitude 14.5 longitude 350.9 in western Eistla Regio. It is 48.6 km in diameter and was named for a 17th-century Silesian astronomer Maria Cunitz.
 For the junior Canadian Member of Parliament James Beaty see James Beaty Jr.James Beaty (October 2 1798 – March 5 1892) was a Member of Canada's Parliament from 1867 to 1874 and published the Toronto Leader newspaper.Beaty was born in Killeshandra County Cavan Ireland emigrating to Canada in 1818. He married Sarah Ann Armstrong (1799–1829) on 26 December 1822.
 The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom is a 2006 psychology book by Jonathan Haidt written for a general audience. In it Haidt poses several Great Ideas on happiness espoused by thinkers of the past - Plato Buddha Jesus and others - and examines them in the light of contemporary psychological research extracting from them any lessons that still apply to our modern lives. Central to the book are the concepts of virtue happiness fulfillment and meaning.
 AlAshash is an Egyptian movie produced in the year 2013 The film is a social drama about a little boy who gets lost and he’s being raised by a worker in an orphanage. He grows up leading a normal life until he gets accused of killing someone and decides to runaway to prove his innocence. He meets a shaabi belly dancer (Horeya Farghaly) who helps him to escape.
 Two-Fisted Law is a 1932 American romantic B-Western film directed by D. Ross Lederman and starring Tim McCoy and John Wayne. The picture also features Walter Brennan Alice Day Wheeler Oakman Tully Marshall and Wallace MacDonald.
 Dalešice Dam lies on the Jihlava River in the Czech Republic. It was built between 1970 and 1978 as a water source for the nearby Dukovany Nuclear Power Station. With nearby Mohelno Dam it is part of the Dalešice pumped-storage plant. The installed capacity of its Francis turbines is 4x120 MW (increased after reconstruction 2007).
 The San Mateo Mountains are a small mountain range in Cibola and McKinley counties of New Mexico in the southwestern United States. The highest point in the range is Mount Taylor at 11301 ft (3445 m). The range lies just northeast of the community of Grants and about 60 miles (100 km) west of Albuquerque.
 Mowtowr-e Gholam Hoseyn Iran (Persian: موتورغلامحسين ايران‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Gholām Ḩoseyn Īrān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 171 in 31 families.
 Icky Mettle is the first studio album recorded by the indie rock band Archers of Loaf. It was produced and engineered by Caleb Southern at Kraptone Studios in Chapel Hill North Carolina and released by Alias Records on November 23 1993.The album was recorded and mixed in seven days. According to Eric Bachmann We spent like $5000 to make it.The album spent 22 weeks on the CMJ charts. Interview declared it the Best Indie Rock Album of the Year.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Năruja River in Romania.
 Mu Sochua (Khmer: មូរ សុខហួ; born May 15 1954) is an elected Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) opposition member of the Cambodian parliament and a mother of three children. In 2005 she received the Leadership Award in Washington DC from the Vital Voices Foundation co-founded by Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton. In 2002 she mobilized 12000 women candidates to run for commune elections with over 900 women winning and still actively promoting the women's agenda at the grass-roots level.
 Flanders (French: Flandres) is a 2006 French film written and directed by Bruno Dumont. It tells the story of Demester a man whose girlfriend cheats on him out of frustration with his lack of emotion. Demester is then sent to war in an unnamed Middle Eastern country where he experiences (and participates in) the horrors of war.
 Lime Ridge is a two-level indoor shopping mall in Hamilton Ontario Canada on Upper Wentworth Street. It is the largest mall complex in the city an 815000-square-foot (75700 m2) super regional shopping centre with over 213 stores including department store anchors The Bay and Sears and five large non-majors: Home Outfitters The Bay Home Store Old Navy H&M and SportChek.
 Christopher Scott Ottiano (born February 19 1969) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Rhode Island Senate representing District 11 since January 2011.
 Druckūnai is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 136 people.
 Weierstrass is a small lunar crater that is attached to the northern rim of the walled plain Gilbert in the eastern part of the Moon. It also lies very near the crater Van Vleck a similar formation just to the southeast that is almost attached to the outer rim. Due to its location the crater appears foreshortened as seen from the Earth.The crater has an oval-shaped outer rim that is longer along an east–west axis. There are some slumped shelves along the inner walls to the north and south.
 Bola Ahmed Tinubu (born 29 March 1952) was elected Senator for the Lagos West constituency in Lagos State Nigeria in 1993 just before a military take-over in December 1993. After the return to democracy he was elected governor of Lagos State holding office from 29 May 1999 to 29 May 2007.
 Cranopsis ibarrai is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Guatemala and Honduras.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests swamps freshwater marshes and pastureland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Walk The River is the third full-length album from the British indie rock band Guillemots. It was released on 18 April 2011 in the United Kingdom and reached number 26 on the UK Albums Chart. The album has been preceded by the releases of two tracks: first single off the album The Basket and a free download of the album's title track via the band's official website.
 The Mocanul River is a tributary of the Izvorul Alb River in Romania.
 Defiant Order is the third studio album by French electronic turntable band Birdy Nam Nam. The album was released via Savoir Faire / SME France on 19 September 2011 and was re-released worldwide on 28 May 2013 through OWSLA. A four-part series of remix EPs were released weekly starting on 7 June 2013 including tracks from their 2012 mixtape Geto Bird.
 Keep Right is KRS-One's seventh hip hop album under his own name and thirteenth overall. Released in the summer of 2004 on Grit Records for a short time it was bundled with a free DVD. It peaked at #80 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums on July 31 2004.
 Gökçeli is a village in the District of Bozüyük Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 57 people.
 Everybody Wants to Be Italian is a 2007 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Jason Todd Ipson. The screenplay focuses on the relationship between a blue collar worker and a veterinarian.The film premiered at the Boston Film Festival on September 18 2007 and released theatrically in the United States on September 5 2008.
 Elachorbis diaphana is a minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tornidae. This species is only known to occur in the area of the Foveaux Strait New Zealand.
 ME Cancun also known as ME by Melia Cancun is an all-inclusive hotel and resort located in the Hotel Zone (Zona Hotelera) in Cancun Mexico. Formerly Melia Turquesa ME Cancun hotel has 419 rooms a 10700 sq ft (990 m2) spa facility and 5 meeting/banquet halls. ME Cancun is also home to The Beach Club the Rose Bar and several restaurants. ME Cancun is part of the ME by Melia brand name and is owned and operated by Sol Meliá.
 A Story of the Days To Come is a novella by H. G. Wells comprising five chapters that was first published in the June to October 1897 issues of The Pall Mall Magazine. It was later included in an 1899 collection of Wells's short stories Tales of Space and Time.The chapter titles are:The Cure for Love The Vacant Country The Ways of the City Underneath Bindon IntervenesThe novella depicts two lovers in a dystopian future London of the 22nd century.
 Background was the first LP released by Lifetime. It was recorded in 1992 and was originally released on January 1 1993 as New Age Records #15. The CD version was re-issued on July 1 1997 with nine live bonus tracks. It is currently out of print although all the songs including the live bonus tracks are available on the Somewhere in the Swamps of Jersey collection. The European edition of the album is entitled Ghost and has different artwork and tracklisting.
 Madarihat (Bengali: মাদারিহাট Nepali: मदारीहाट) is a small village located in the Alipurduar subdivision of Jalpaiguri district West Bengal India. This village is situated on the outskirts of Jaldapara National Park which is famous for Indian rhinoceros. This is one of the main tourist spot in North Bengal surrounded by tea gardensforestshill and small rivers and also having a great diversity in the population.Madarihat is also world famous for the local wooden furniture.
 The Gifford–Davidson House also known as Stone Cottage in Elgin Illinois was built in 1850 and expanded in 1871. The Gifford–Davidson House is unusual due to its cobblestone construction and Second Empire style details. This design would have been more typical in James Gifford's original home of New York. It was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1980.
 Andrea Zafferani was a Captain Regent of San Marino together with Giovanni Francesco Ugolini for the semester from 1 October 2010 to 1 April 2011.
 You may be looking for UNNATURAL CAUSES: Is Inequality Making Us Sick? a documentary series broadcast on PBS in 2008.Unnatural Causes (1967) is a detective novel by English crime writer P. D. James.
 Kraszewo-Czarne [kraˈʂɛvɔ ˈt͡ʂarnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Boguty-Pianki 34 km (21 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 114 km (71 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 50.
 The Spruce Seed Moth (Cydia strobilella) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 10–15 mm. The moth flies from April to June depending on the location.The larvae feed on Abies alba Picea omorika Picea abies en Pinus sylvestris.
 Marcia Shines is the debut album as a solo artist for American-Australian singer Marcia Hines. Hines had been resident in Australia since 1970. Marcia Shines first made the Australian charts in October 1975 and peaked at number 4 in January 1976.
 Mount Baldy (Western Apache: Dził Łigai White Mountain) is a mountain in northeastern Arizona in the United States. It is the highest point in the White Mountains and Apache County. It is the fifth highest point in the state and the highest outside the San Francisco Peaks in the Flagstaff area.
 The Together Collection is a 10 CD collection of the music of Carl Doy combined with the imagery of the M.I.L.K photo collection.In this collection Carl arranges and performs the music of: Frank Sinatra Nat King Cole Barbra Streisand The Beatles Burt Bacharach Christmas The Classics TogetherMuch of the music is rearrangement of previous Carl Doy composition from his Piano By Candlelight CDs however now combined with selected photographs and quotes from the M.I.L.K series.
 Fascination: Portrait of a Lady (幻想夫人絵図 Gensō fujin ezu) is a 1977 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Kōyū Ohara and starring Naomi Tani. Known for an ability to direct well in many genres it was the pop-art-influenced Ohara's first true S&M film.
 Cheboksary Reservoir (Russian: Чебоксарское водохранилище Chuvash: Шупашкар шыв усравĕ) is an artificial lake in the central part of the Volga River and formed by the Cheboksary Dam in Novocheboksarsk. A surface area of Cheboksary Reservoir is 2190 km² max width is 16 km max depth is 35 m.The largest cities on the Reservoir are Nizhny Novgorod Cheboksary and Kozmodemyansk.
 Tower Palace One is an apartment complex completed in 2002 in Seoul South Korea. It consists of three skyscrapers: Tower A Tower B and Tower C. The tallest of the three Tower B stands at 234 m (768 ft) and Towers A and C are 209 m (686 ft) tall.
 On a Full Moon is the solo debut album by David Bryan from the band Bon Jovi. It is an instrumental CD released in 1995.
 The St. John's Church at Creagerstown Historic District includes several historic churches and public buildings in a small area including:Creagerstown School Number 2 now the parish house for St. John's Church (1880)St. John's Reformed Church (now vacant) (1834)St. John's Evangelical Lutheran Church (1908)↑
 Cindy Ryu is an American politician of the Democratic Party. She is a member of the Washington House of Representatives representing the 32nd district.
 The Mencius (Chinese: 孟子; Mandarin Pinyin: Mèngzǐ; Jyutping: maang6 zi2) commonly called the Mengzi is a collection of anecdotes and conversations of the Confucian thinker and philosopher Mencius. The work dates from the second half of the 4th century BC. It was ranked as a Confucian classic and its status was elevated in Song Dynasty.
 Final Crisis: Revelations is a five-issue comic book limited series written by Greg Rucka with art by Philip Tan Jeff De Los Santos and Jonathan Glapion.
 Mockingjay is a 2010 science fiction novel by American author Suzanne Collins. It is the last installment of The Hunger Games following 2008's The Hunger Games and 2009's Catching Fire. The book continues the story of Katniss Everdeen who agrees to unify the districts of Panem in a rebellion against the tyrannical Capitol.The hardcover and audiobook editions of Mockingjay were published by Scholastic on August 24 2010 six days after the ebook edition went on sale.
 Łapicze [waˈpit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Krynki 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Sokółka and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Swan Bay is a shallow 30-square-kilometre (12 sq mi) marine embayment at the eastern end of the Bellarine Peninsula in Port Phillip Victoria Australia. The township of Queenscliff lies at its southern end and St Leonards at its northern. It is partly separated from Port Phillip by Swan Island Duck Island and Edwards Point.
 Mackinaw City /ˈmækɨnɔː ˈsɪti/ is a village in Emmet and Cheboygan counties in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 806 at the 2010 census; the population surges during the summer tourist season with the influx of seasonal workers who labor in the shops hotels and other recreational facilities there and in the surrounding region. Mackinaw City is at the northern tip (headland)of the Michigan's Lower Peninsula along the southern shore of the Straits of Mackinac.
 The Brampton Guardian is a locally distributed cost-free tri-weekly community newspaper in Brampton Ontario Canada.
 McHale's Navy is a 1964 technicolor movie based on the 1962-1966 black and white television sitcom McHale's Navy starring a slimmed down Ernest Borgnine Tim Conway and Joe Flynn which had in turn originated with a one-hour anthology drama starring Borgnine entitled Seven Against the Sea. The movie version was directed by series producer Edward J. Montagne and its supporting cast includes Carl Ballantine Gavin McLeod Jean Willes Claudine Longet and George Kennedy.
 Carabus hispanus is a species of beetle in family Carabidae native to southwestern France with the Massif Central as the northern boundary of its distribution range.
 Thomas Tuke Tom Hollway (2 October 1906 – 30 July 1971) was the 36th Premier of Victoria holding office from 1947 to 1950 and again for a short period in 1952. He was originally a member of the United Australia Party and its successor the Liberal Party but split from the Liberals after a dispute over electoral reform issues.
 Bufo ocellatus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland rivers intermittent rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Lay (French: le Lay) is a 120.3 km (74.8 mi) long river in the Vendée département western France. Its source is at Saint-Pierre-du-Chemin. It flows generally southwest. It flows into the Bay of Biscay between La Faute-sur-Mer and L'Aiguillon-sur-Mer 20 km (12 mi) northwest of La Rochelle.Its main tributaries are the Yon and the Smagne.
 The Salem Methodist Episcopal Church (also known as the Salem Walker Church) and associated Salem Walker Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery located at 7150 Angle Road in Salem Township Michigan with a postal designation of Northville Michigan. The church and cemetery were added to the National Register in 1992 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1991. The church is significant as one of the least-altered Greek Revival churches existing in the state of Michigan.
 For Her Sake is a 1911 American silent short war romance film produced by the Thanhouser Company. The film starred William Garwood as a confederate soldier in love.
 Alchemy is a 2005 film starring Tom Cavanagh and Sarah Chalke. It premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in 2005. The film did not have a wide release in movie theaters so its big public premiere was on television on ABC Family on October 7 2005. It was written and directed by Evan Oppenheimer.
 Coleophora biskraensis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Algeria and Egypt.
 Sylvie Andrieux (born December 15 1961 in Marseille) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the department of Bouches-du-Rhône and sat initially as a member of Socialiste radical citoyen et divers gauche.
 Ronaldinho Gaucho is a comic strip by Mauricio de Sousa. It features a fictionalised version of the Brazilian footballer of the same name as a child. The strip was created in 2006 when the 2006 FIFA World Cup was taking place in Germany.The comic strip was adapted into an animated television series as 'Ronaldinho Gaucho's Team' produced by Italian studio GIG Italy Entertainment with the coproduction of MSP - Mauricio de Sousa Produções.
 Holy is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collection Maps in a Mirror.
 Poecilosoma vespoides is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in Peru.
 Kadugawnawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Carposina autologa the Hakea seed-moth is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It is found in Australia where it has been recorded from Western Australia. It has been released in South Africa for the biological control Hakea sericea.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewings are white with a black stripe along the costa. The hindwings are white. The larvae feed on the seeds of Hakea sericea and Hakea nodosa.
 Falcidius is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 Bon Aire is a historic home located near Shipman Nelson County Virginia. It is a Federal-style brick dwelling dramatically sited on a hill overlooking the James River. It was built about 1812 in a three-part scheme; with a two-story center section flanked by 1 1⁄2-story two-bay wings. In plan and detail Bon Aire is linked to a number of tripartite houses such as nearby Point of Honor in Lynchburg Virginia built for a cousin of Bon Aire's builder Dr.
 Bid Qatar-e Sofla (Persian: بيدقطارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Bīd Qaţār-e Soflá; also known as Bīdqaţār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 60 families.
 The Vâlceaua Găinii River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
 Xylodiscula is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Xylodisculidae.
 Jelai-Bila River is a river of Kalimantan Indonesia. Much of the land between the Lamandau River and the Jelai-Bila River is developed by agriculture.
 Hotel Row is a both National Register and locally listed historic district consisting of one block of early 20th-century commercial buildings three to four stories high located on Mitchell Street west of Forsyth Street in the South Downtown district of Atlanta. The building were originally hotels built to serve the needs of passengers from Terminal Station opened in 1905.
 Stranded is the third album by the art rock band Roxy Music released in late 1973. It reached number one on the UK album charts. The cover shows Bryan Ferry's then girlfriend and 1973 Playmate of the Year Marilyn Cole. It was the first Roxy Music album on which Ferry was not the sole songwriter as multi-instrumentalist Andy Mackay and guitarist Phil Manzanera also contributed to the album.
 All is at Stake (German:Es geht um alles) is a 1932 German comedy thriller film directed by Max Nosseck and starring Luciano Albertini Claire Rommer and Ernö Verebes.
 Aghbolagh (Persian: اغبلاغ‎ also Romanized as Āghbolāgh; also known as Āqbolāgh and Āq Bolāgh) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 335 in 47 families.
 Ceromitia sciographa is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Brazil.
 Carmine Mowbray is a Republican Senator in the Montana Legislature. She was appointed on January 20 2011 to Senate District 6 representing Polson Montana. She was co-owner of Western Publishing Company from 1976 to 1989 and the Lake County Leader from 1981-2000.
 Gladiator is an American science fiction novel first published in 1930 and written by Philip Wylie. The story concerns a scientist who invents an alkaline free-radical serum to improve humankind by granting the proportionate strength of an ant and the leaping ability of the grasshopper. Eight years later both metaphors were used to explain Superman's powers in the first comic of his series.
 Kolehu (Persian: كله هو‎ also Romanized as Kolehū Koleh Hū and Kalhū; also known as Kolehū-ye Soflá and Koleh Hū-ye Soflá) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 979 in 201 families.
 Baji Sara (Persian: باجي سرا‎ also Romanized as Bājī Sarā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 7 families.
 The Pistruia Mică River is a headwater of the Pistruia River in Romania.
 My Wife's Enemy (Italian: Il nemico di mia moglie) is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Gianni Puccini.
 Kristo is a 1996 Filipino cinematic interpretation of the life of Jesus Christ. Produced in 1996 by Cine Suerte Productions and Oasis of Love Movement (by Fr.
 Tarrasius is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish. Tarrasius problematicus (of Mississippian origin ~ 350 Ma) featured a fully regionalized tetrapod-like spine divided into 5 distinct segments. It is not considered a transitional fossil though but an extreme example of convergent evolution.
 Thomas James O’Brien (July 30 1842 – May 19 1933) was a politician and diplomat from the U.S state of Michigan.O'Brien was born in Jackson Michigan on July 30 1842 the son of Timothy O'Brien and Elizabeth Lander O'Brien. On September 4 1873 he married Delia Howard (July 14 1848 - January 22 1926).O'Brien was a lawyer by profession and a Republican politician. In 1883 he was an unsuccessful candidate for the office of Justice of the Michigan Supreme Court.
 On Tour is a live album by Yann Tiersen. It was originally released in 2006 and features songs from Tiersen's past albums as well as some previously unreleased compositions. The album is notable for having a different approach to Tiersen's musical style: the usual multi-instrumental ensemble was replaced with electric guitars and an ondes martenot giving the music a fresh rendition.On Tour was also released as a DVD.
 Lake Conine is a natural freshwater lake on the north side of Winter Haven Florida. The lake is not within the city limits but is almost entirely surrounded by the city of Winter Haven. Lake Conine is almost as often called Lake Connie as it is called Lake Conine. In fact the Fishing Works website site has two listings calling this lake the former name and one calling it the latter. Lake Conine is bounded on the north and southwest by residential areas. On the west and southeast are woods.
 Li Lanqing (simplified Chinese: 李岚清; traditional Chinese: 李嵐清; pinyin: Lǐ Lánqīng; born May 1932 in Zhenjiang Jiangsu) is a prominent Chinese politician.
 Dargah (Persian: درگاه‎ also Romanized as Dargāh; also known as Darkāh) is a village in Gowharan Rural District Gowharan District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 332 in 64 families.
 X is the tenth studio album by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue. It is her first release since the greatest hits compilation Ultimate Kylie (2004) and her first studio album since Body Language (2003). X was preceded by lead single 2 Hearts and released worldwide in November 2007. The American release of X took place in April 2008 preceded by the single All I See.
 Sar Jub-e Qaleh Masgareh (Persian: سرجوب قلعه مسگره‎ also Romanized as Sar Jūb-e Qal‘eh Masgareh; also known as Sar Jūb and Sarjūb-e Soflá) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 284 in 57 families.
 Pat Metheny Group is the first album by Pat Metheny Group released in 1978. It features Pat Metheny on guitars Lyle Mays on piano and synthesizer Mark Egan on electric bass and Dan Gottlieb on drums.
 Talanga is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 El Juicio ( The Judgement) is an album by pianist Keith Jarrett featuring performances by Jarrett Dewey Redman Charlie Haden and Paul Motian recorded in 1971 but not released till 1975.
 Sir Edward Eddie Taihakurei Durie KNZM (born 18 January 1940) is Co-Chair of the Māori Council and was the first Māori appointed as a Justice of the High Court of New Zealand and is regarded as leading legal expert on the Treaty of Waitangi. He is of Rangitāne Ngāti Kauwhata and Ngāti Raukawa descent; John Mason Durie is his grandfather.He graduated with a BA and an LLB from Victoria University of Wellington in 1964.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 The Rock Castle School is a historic school building on Prospect Street in Webster Massachusetts. The two story masonry building was built in 1871 and was Webster's second high school building. It served that purpose until 1905 after which it intermittently served a variety of public and private educational purposes until 1972. The building has Italianate styling with high and narrow round-arch windows and a projecting central pavilion that has a gable end with an oculus window.
 Caoineadh na Maighdine (The Virgin's Lament) is a music album by Irish singer Nóirín Ní Riain with the Monks of Glenstal Abbey. It was released in 1980 and has since been re-released worldwide in various formats.
 The Christ Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Port Republic Calvert County Maryland United States. The church is a three-bay-wide five bays long beige stucco covered structure featuring stained glass in most of the tall paired round-arched sash windows. It is the mother Episcopal Church of Calvert County and its oldest continually worshipping congregation. Middleham Chapel was started from this congregation as a Chapel of Ease.
 Sher-oo! is the title of Cilla Black's third solo studio album released on 6 April 1968 by Parlophone Records. The album reached #7 on the UK Album Chart. The album was originally released in stereo and mono and has not had a complete CD re-issue.The lead single for the album project was Step Inside Love this reached #8 on the UK Singles Chart. An Italian language version of this song M'Innamoro with lyrics by Mogel was also recorded for the Latin market.
 Murder in Harlem (also released as Lem Hawkins Confession) is a 1935 American race film written produced and directed by Oscar Micheaux who also appears in the film. He remade his 1921 silent film The Gunsaulus Mystery. Basing the works on the 1913 trial of Leo Frank for the murder of Mary Phagan Micheaux used the detective genre to introduce different voices and conflicting accounts by his characters.
 Woman Times Seven (Sette Volte Donna in Italian) is a 1967 Italian/French/American co-production anthology film of seven different episodes all starring Shirley MacLaine with most based on aspects of adultery.
 Ralph Tresvant is the self-titled debut album of Ralph Tresvant. The album was released in 1990 by MCA Records and has been certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. It went to number one on the Top R&B Albums chart for two weeks and peaked into the Top 20 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Hinds' Feet on High Places is an allegorical novel by English author Hannah Hurnard. Hinds' Feet was written in 1955 and has become a very successful work of Christian fiction seeing new editions published as recently as July 2005.
 The Pârâul Turnului is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Beyond the Last Frontier is a 1943 American film about an undercover Texas Ranger Johnny Revere within Big Bill Hadley's gang of crooks. Howard Bretherton directed the film and John K. Butler and Morton Grant wrote the screenplay. The film stars Eddie Dew as Johnny Revere Harry Woods as Big Bill Hadley Robert Mitchum as Trigger Dolan Lorraine Miller as Susan Cook and Smiley Burnette as Frog Millhouse.
 The Cairo Marriott Hotel is a large hotel located in the Zamalek district on Gezira Island situated on the Nile and just west of Downtown Cairo Egypt. The central section was once the Gezirah Palace built for the Khedive Isma'il Pasha in 1869. The Palace and site was converted to a hotel by Marriott International into a modern hotel. The Cairo Marriott Hotel is one of the tallest buildings in Cairo.
 Westgard Pass (el. 7313 ft. / 2229 m.) is a narrow gap between the White Mountains and Inyo Mountains ranges in the Basin and Range Province of eastern California. Westgard Pass lies entirely within the Inyo National Forest in northern Inyo County California.State Route 168 crosses the pass connecting the Owens Valley to Deep Springs Valley. Route 168 is the only (paved) east-west route across the Inyo-White Mountains. The highway is known for its pristine scenery and grand vistas.
 Kaya also known as Kaya I'll Kill You (Croatian: Kaja ubit ću te!) is a 1967 Yugoslav feature film directed by Vatroslav Mimica.In 1999 a poll of Croatian film critics found it to be one of the best Croatian films ever made.
 Jim Keane is a Democratic Party member of the Montana Senate. He was elected to Senate District 38 representing Butte Montana in 2009 and 2011. He was a member of the Montana House of Representatives representing District 75 from 2000 to 2009.
 The Speckled Argyresthia Moth (Argyresthia subreticulata) is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is found in North America including Florida Maryland Pennsylvania Ohio Oklahoma Tennessee and Texas.The wingspan is about 9 mm. The dorsal two-thirds of the forewings is pure immaculate white from the base to shortly before the apex. The costal third from the base to the apex is light golden-brown in the apical part somewhat darker and reticulated with white.
 Reflections of the I is the first full-length album by Norwegian progressive metal band Winds. It was released on September 7 2002.
 The Exonerated is a made-for-cable television film which dramatizes the true stories of six people who had been wrongfully convicted of murder and other offenses placed on death row and later exonerated and freed after serving varying years in prison. It was based on a successful stage play of the same name written by Erik Jensen and Jessica Blank and first aired on the former CourtTV cable television network on January 27 2005.
 Atwater-Stone House is a historic home located at Westfield in Chautauqua County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story wood-frame dwelling built about 1812 and expanded in 1850.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Wolfgang Fürniß also spelt Fuerniss (Born July 8 1944 in Heidelberg Baden-Württemberg) is a retired politician from the (CDU) and currently is a Partner at Alsus GmbH.
 Microdesmus is a genus of wormfishes native to the Atlantic Ocean and the eastern Pacific Ocean.
 Chah-e Razmandegan (Persian: چاه رزمندگان‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Razmandegān; also known as Chāh-e Emām Khomeynī Shomāreh Do) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 22 families.
 Kami Voice (神☆ヴォイス Kami ☆ Vuoisu) is a Japanese manga series written by Yoshiki Sakurai and Team G.V. and illustrated by Kuroko Yabuguchi. A live action film adaptation was released on November 19 2011.
 St Peter and St Paul's Church Aldeburgh is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Aldeburgh.
 For the ruined monument on the Isles of Scilly England see Giant's Castle Isles of ScillyGiant's Castle is a mountain peak in the southern African Drakensberg in KwaZulu Natal. Giants Castle offers visitors to the regions hiking opportunities with panoramic views. The Nature Reserve offers secluded accommodation bushman rock art with easy access for everyone and about the best base to start a Drakensberg hiking experience.
 Bobs Lake is a lake in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in the township of North Frontenac Frontenac County in eastern Ontario Canada.The lake is about 580 metres (1903 ft) long and 320 metres (1050 ft) wide lies at an elevation of 264 metres (866 ft) and is located about 10 kilometres (6 mi) northeast of the community of Ompah on the decommissioned Ontario Highway 509.
 The African American Review is a quarterly academic journal and the official publication of the Division on Black American Literature and Culture of the Modern Language Association. The journal covers African-American literature and culture including theatre film the visual arts interviews poetry and fiction. Between 1967 and 1976 the journal appeared under the title Negro American Literature Forum and until 1992 as Black American Literature Forum before obtaining its current title.
 The Cleveland Buddhist Temple is a Pure Land (Jodo Shinshu) and Zen Buddhist center in Euclid Ohio. It traces its beginnings to 1944 and is at its current location since 1970. The current supervising minister of the temple is Ron Miyamura.
 Hag Toofan is a 1991 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 The Păltinei River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
 The Mitsubishi Ichigokan Museum Tokyo (三菱一号館美術館 Mitsubishi Ichigōkan Bijutsukan) is an art museum in Tokyo's Marunouchi district. Construction was completed in 2009 and the museum opened April 6 2010. The museum includes approximately 800 square metres (8600 sq ft) of exhibition space spread over 20 rooms throughout the building's 6000 square metres (65000 sq ft) floorplan.
 The Moon's Shadow is a novel from the Saga of the Skolian Empire by Catherine Asaro which tells the story of Jaibriol Qox III—how he became emperor of Eube after the interstellar Radiance War and founded peace talks between his people the Eubians and those of the Skolian Imperialate.
 Mount Dickey is a peak on the west side of the Ruth Gorge in the Central Alaska Range of mountains 12 miles (19 km) southeast of Mount McKinley and 4 miles (6 km) southwest of The Moose's Tooth. Despite its relatively low elevation it is notable for its east face which has around a vertical mile (1600 m) of sheer granite—it achieves this vertical gain in less than half a mile (800m) horizontal distance.
 Hammerfest Church (Norwegian: Hammerfest kirke) is the main parish church in Hammerfest Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It located in the town of Hammerfest. The church is part of the Hammerfest parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The church is the main church of the deanery. The stone/concrete church was built in 1961 by the architect Hans Magnus.
 Stephanie's Image is a 2009 American drama film directed by Janis DeLucia Allen written by JP Allen and featuring Melissa Leo in the title role.
 Bull Creek is a village in Taney County Missouri United States. The population was 603 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Branson Missouri Micropolitan Statistical Area.
 Social Psychology Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes theoretical and empirical papers in the field of social psychology. The editors-in-chief are Karen A. Hegtvedt (Emory University) and Cathryn Johnson (Emory University). It is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the American Sociological Association of which this is an official journal.
 The Madagascan pygmy shrew (Suncus madagascariensis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is the only known Malagasy shrew. Some taxonomists regard it as conspecific with the widely distributed Etruscan shrew the smallest known mammal by mass. It is found in Madagascar and the Comoros at altitudes from sea level to 1500 m. It is thought to be more common in the less humid western and southern parts of Madagascar. This shrew may also be present on Socotra.
 Lai Neir is a small lake on Alp Flix in the Grisons Switzerland. It is listed in the Inventory of Raised and Transitional Bogs of National Importance. Lai Neir and Lai Blos are part of Alp Flix a site listed in the Inventory of Mire Landscapes of Particular Beauty and National Importance.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Domaszów [dɔˈmaʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki within Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Dzierżoniów and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 8.
 Lake Tissongo is a lake of western Cameroon. It is situated within the Douala Edéa Wildlife Reserve of Littoral Province and is connected to the south bank of the Sanaga River by a 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) tidal channel. The lake drains into the river about 40 kilometres downstream of Edéa. The area is biologically rich. The villagers of five villages in the reserve in the area earn their livelihoods from hunting bushmeat and a 1990 survey found some 50 firearms in the area around Lake Tissongo.
 Braganza Ghats are a stretch of hill section at the Goa – Karnataka border. This 26 km ghat section rail road connecting coastal Goa to the hinterlands of Karnataka and other parts. It has three stations en route in the ghats – Caranzol Doodhsagar and Sonalium.
 The Viking Sagas is an American film from 1995 directed by Michael Chapman starring Ralf Möller and Sven-Ole Thorsen.
 Heat 4 Yo Azz is the debut album by Vallejo California rapper Celly Cel. The album was released in 1994 for Sick Wid It Records and was produced by Celly Cel Sam Bostic and Studio Ton. The album was mildly successful making it to #34 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop album chart.[citation needed] Guests include B-Legit E-40 and Funk Mobb.
 Mensa Christi is a Roman Catholic church located in Nazareth in northern Israel.
 Jack Wilson Evans (August 13 1922 – June 5 1997) was a grocer and former mayor of Dallas Texas.
 Podgórze [pɔdˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Ciepielów 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Lipsko and 115 km (71 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Odła is a river of Poland a tributary of the Świsłocz.
 Sadane River is a river in northern Java Indonesia.
 Felisa Miceli (born September 26 1952) is an Argentine economist and a former Minister of Economy and Production of Argentina. She was appointed by President Néstor Kirchner on November 28 2005 in place of Roberto Lavagna and was the first woman ever to lead that ministry.She resigned to the position on July 16 2007 as prosecutors stepped up an investigation into a bag of cash found in her ministry offices.
 Murder Squad Nationwide is an album by American rap group South Central Cartel and friends. It was released February 14 1995 on South Central Cartel's G.W.K. Records and distributed by Def Jam Recordings. The album features production by Ant Banks DJ Gripp G$ Money and Prodeje. It peaked at number 12 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums at number 1 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers and at number 106 on the Billboard 200.
 The Long Hello is a studio instrumental album by David Jackson Hugh Banton Guy Evans and Nic Potter recorded in August 1973 and released in Italy in 1974 (and Britain and Europe in 1976).
 The Upton Sinclair House located at 464 N. Myrtle Avenue Monrovia California was the home of American novelist Upton Sinclair between 1942 and 1966. It is a 1923 Neo-Mediterranean building in a district of similar houses located in the suburban Los Angeles community of Monrovia in the San Gabriel Valley. Most of his later works were written while he lived here.
 Chi è senza peccato is a 1952 Italian drama film by Raffaello Matarazzo.
 Mind Control is the sixth studio album by Canibus released on June 21 2005 through Gladiator Music and Tommy Boy Records. The album was originally recorded in 2001 before C True Hollywood Stories and was released to complete a contractual agreement Canibus had with Gladiator Music. Mark Sparks produced the album which features guest appearances from Kurupt and Pakman.
 Aulonocara aquilonium is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Bad Luck and Trouble is the eleventh book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published in 2007.The title is derived from the song lyrics by singer Albert King Born Under a Bad Sign.
 Savan-e Jadid (Persian: ساوان جديد‎ also Romanized as Sāvān-e Jadīd; also known as Sāvān) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 553 in 98 families.
 Rip Reukema was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and Wisconsin State Senate.
 Mortal Kombat: Rebirth is a 2010 detailed short film directed by Kevin Tancharoen with fight choreography by Larnell Stovall who also choreographed Undisputed III: Redemption. Based on the Mortal Kombat series of fighting games the short-film actually was made by the director to sell Warner Bros. on his vision for a reimagined Mortal Kombat film. The pitch eventually evolved into the web series Mortal Kombat: Legacy and solidified Tancharoen's directing duties on Warner Bros.
 Best of Animetal (アニメタルのベスト Animetaru no Besuto) is a compilation album by Japanese heavy metal band Animetal composed of the A-sides of the various singles they had released from 1996 to 1998. With the exception of Animetal (which was previously released under Funhouse Records) all of the singles were released by Sony Music Entertainment in Japan.
 Wheeleria raphiodactyla is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Portugal Spain and France.The wingspan is 22–24 millimetres (0.87–0.94 in).
 Sick Abed is a 1920 silent comedy film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures/ Artcraft an affiliate of Paramount. It was directed by Sam Wood and stars matinee idol Wallace Reid. It is based on a 1918 Broadway stage play Sick-a-bed by Ethel Watts Mumford starring Mary Boland. The spelling of the movie varies from the spelling of the play. This film survives at the Library of Congress.
 Coralliophila panormitana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 David Slagger (born June 22 1962) is a Native American politician in Maine. Slagger served as a member of the Maine House of Representatives representing the newly recognized Maliseet Tribe. Slagger was sworn-in as the appointed representative to the House of Representatives on January 4 2012.
 Sidney Edward Mezes (September 23 1863 – September 10 1931) was an American philosopher.
 Crayon Shin-chan: Serious Battle! Robot Dad Strikes Back (クレヨンしんちゃん ガチンコ!逆襲のロボ とーちゃん Kureyon Shin-chan: Gachinko! Gyakushu no Robo To-chan) is an 2014 Japanese anime film produced by Shin-Ei Animation. It is the 22nd film of the popular comedy manga and anime series Crayon Shin-chan released in Japanese theatres on 19 April 2014. It is directed by Wataru Takahashi and the script is written by Kazuki Nakashima of Kill la Kill.
 Bob Robson is an American politician and a Republican member of the Arizona House of Representatives representing District 18 since January 14 2013. Robson previously served consecutively from January 10 2011 until January 14 2013 in the District 20 seat and non-consecutively from January 2001 until January 2009 in the District 6 and District 20 seats.
 The Mound City News is a local newspaper published in Mound City Missouri serving Holt County. It reports a circulation of 2400 The paper has been publishing weekly since 1879 and currently releases its publication on Thursday each week. The publication claims roots back to 1879.
 Bathytoma lacertosus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
 Śmiłowice [ɕmiwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Brzesko within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Bombure is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Vanån is a river in Sweden and the largest tributary of Västerdal River. The annual open water swimming competition Vansbrosimningen takes place in Vanån (2000 m) and Västerdal River (1000 m).
 Fasharud (Persian: فشارود‎ also Romanized as Fashārūd; also known as Feshār Rūd) is a village in Galehzan Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 42 families.
 John Henninger Reagan (October 8 1818 – March 6 1905) was an American politician from the U.S. state of Texas. A Democrat Reagan resigned from the U.S. House of Representatives when Texas seceded from the Union and joined the Confederate States of America. He served in the cabinet of Jefferson Davis as Postmaster General.
 St Paul's Deptford is one of London's finest Baroque parish churches cited as one of the most moving C18 churches in London in the Buildings of England series. It was designed by gentleman architect Thomas Archer and built between 1712 and 1730 in Deptford which was then a suburb in Kent but is now part of South East London. It was one of the 50 churches that were to be built by the New Church Commissioners although only 12 were ultimately constructed. It and St.
 The Whole Internet User's Guide & Catalog by Ed Krol was published in September 1992 by O'Reilly. The Los Angeles Times notes that the Whole Internet User's Guide and Catalog was the first popular book about the medium and was later selected by the New York Public Library as one of the most significant books of the 20th century. The title and format were inspired by Stewart Brand's Whole Earth Catalog.
 The Human Use of Human Beings is a book by Norbert Wiener. It was first published in 1950 and revised in 1954.Wiener was the founding thinker of cybernetics theory and an influential advocate of automation. Human Use argues for the benefits of automation to society.
 The Journal of African Economies is published five times a year by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Centre for the Study of African Economies University of Oxford. The journal publishes economic analyses focused entirely on Africa. Each issue contains applied research together with a comprehensive book review section and a listing of current working papers from around the world.
 Close Encounters of the Third Kind is a 1977 American science fiction film written and directed by Steven Spielberg and features actors Richard Dreyfuss François Truffaut Melinda Dillon Teri Garr Bob Balaban and Cary Guffey. It tells the story of Roy Neary an everyday blue collar worker in Indiana whose life changes after an encounter with an unidentified flying object (UFO).Close Encounters was a long-cherished project for Spielberg.
 Éramos Seis (We Were Six) is a 1943 Brazilian novel by Maria José Dupré about a struggling middle-class family in São Paulo. Praised by writer and critic Monteiro Lobato it became a best-selling novel and was awarded the Raul Pompeia Prize for best work of 1943 by the Brazilian Academy of Letters. Dupré published a sequel called Dona Lola in 1949.Éramos Seis has been adapted as a telenovela four times in 1958 1967 1977 and 1994.
 Thirst (Romanian: Setea) is a 1961 Romanian drama film directed by Mircea Drăgan and Mihai Iacob. It was entered into the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Silver Prize.
 Mallian Kalan (Punjabi: ਮਲੀਆ ਕਲਾ Hindi: मलीयॅा कलां ) is a village tehsil Nakodar Jalandhar district in the Indian state of Punjab.The village is almost 431 km from Delhi 33 km from Jalandhar 9 km from Nakodar and about 103 km from Amritsar. Surrounding villages include Talwandi Salem Jahangir Kang Sahib Rai Mallian Khurd Heran Husainpur Gill Nur Pur Chatha Ugghi and Khanpur Dhadda.
 Palang Sara (Persian: پلنگ سرا‎ also Romanized as Palang Sarā) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 45 families.
 James Pandu is an Indian Tamil film released in 2000.
 Mirkhanpet is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Yacharam mandal.
 Cyclocoeloma is a genus of crabs in the family Majidae containing the single species Cyclocoeloma tuberculata. Cyclocoeloma tuberculata is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the central Indo-Pacific region. Many spider crabs cover their bodies to camouflage themselves from potential predators especially during the day; C. tuberculata fixes sea anemones of the family Discosomatidae to its carapace and soft corals of the family Xeniidae to its legs.
 The Dent du Vélan is a peak in the Chablais Alps located north of the Cornettes de Bise. At 2059 metres (6755 ft) above sea level its summit straddles the border between Switzerland and France. The Dent du Vélan is the westernmost summit rising above 2000 m (6560 ft) in Switzerland.
 The Blue Veil is a 1951 American drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt. The screenplay by Norman Corwin is based on a story by François Campaux which was adapted for the French language film Le Voile bleu in 1942. Jane Wyman stars in a cast that also includes Charles Laughton Joan Blondell and Agnes Moorehead.
 Monte Toc nicknamed the walking mountain by locals due to its tendency to landslide is a mountain on the border between Veneto and Friuli-Venezia Giulia in Northern Italy best known for the Vajont Dam which was built at the mountain's base in 1960.On October 9 1963 260 million cubic metres of rock slid down the side of Mount Toc and plunged into the reservoir created by the Vajont Dam sending a wave of water 250 metres high over the dam wall and destroying the town of Longarone and its suburbs. 
 George Rivera is a member of the Colorado Senate elected in a September 10 2013 recall election to replace Angela Giron. Rivera was elected from Colorado's State Senate District 3 which includes Pueblo Colorado. Giron was the second ever Colorado legislator to be successfully recalled in the state's history.Rivera was born in Pueblo Colorado in 1948 and grew up on the City's east side. His parents arrived in Pueblo in 1948 after crossing into the U.S. illegally from Mexico.
 The Bazalgette Range is a small mountain range on the Coast of British Columbia Canada to the northwest of Loughborough Inlet in the Discovery Islands region. It is named after Captain George Bazalgette commander of the Royal Marines Light Infantry in the Colony of British Columbia. The range is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains.
 The American Textile History Museum (ATHM) located in Lowell Massachusetts was founded as the Merrimack Valley Textile Museum (MVTM) in North Andover Massachusetts in 1960 by Caroline Stevens Rogers. ATHM tells America’s story through the art science and history of textiles.
 Jan Tore Sanner (born 6 May 1965 in Bærum) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party and has been Minister of Local Government since 2013.He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Akershus in 1993 and was re-elected on three occasions. He had previously served as a deputy representative during the term1989–1993.
 The Venetian Twins (Italian - I due gemelli veneziani or The two Venetian twins) is a 1747 play by Carlo Goldoni based on Plautus's Menaechmi. Recent productions include one at the Watermill Theatre and a 1993 production directed by Michael Bogdanov for the Royal Shakespeare Company. The play has also been adapted and staged as a 1979 Australian two-act musical comedy. The play was performed by Greene Shoots Theatre at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival at C Venues (main) in August 2010.
 Holy Trinity Church Howgill stands in a country lane near the hamlet of Howgill between Sedbergh and Tebay Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican church in the deanery of Ewecross the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Gomantong Myotis (Myotis gomantongensis) is a species of bat in the Vespertilionidae family that is endemic to Sabah district of Malaysia.
 Taieb Baccouche (born in Jemmal Tunisia 1944) is a Tunisian politician who is the current Minister of Education of Tunisia and official spokesperson of the Government of Beji Caid el Sebsi. He became the Tunisian Minister of Education in January 2011.Baccouche travelled to France in 1965 to study at the Sorbonne where he obtained a degree in Linguistics in 1966 and an aggregation in Arabic in 1968. After that he returned to Tunis to teach at the University of Tunis.
 Roger Helmer (born 25 January 1944 in London) is a British business executive and politician and a United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) Member of the European Parliament for the East Midlands region. He was elected to the European Parliament in 1999 as a Conservative Party MEP and re-elected in 2004 and 2009. In March 2012 he defected from the Conservatives to UKIP. He has described himself as a eurosceptic and is a supporter of the Better Off Out campaign.
 Intermodulation is a 1966 jazz album by pianist Bill Evans and jazz guitarist Jim Hall. It is a follow-up to their 1963 collaboration Undercurrent.
 Przewale [pʂɛˈvalɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyszowce within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Tyszowce 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 102 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Bufo cryptotympanicus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. Known commonly as the earless toad it is found in southern China (Guangxi and Guangdong provinces) and northern Vietnam (on/near Mount Fansipan). Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.Earless toad is about 68 mm (2.7 in) in length.
 James Colledge Pope PC (June 11 1826 – May 8 1885) was a land proprietor and politician on Prince Edward Island (PEI) Canada. He served as premier of the colony from 1865 to 1867 and from 1870 to 1872. He was premier of PEI in 1873 when the island joined Canadian confederation.He was born in Bedeque Prince Edward Island the son of Joseph Pope and Lucy Colledge. Pope was a successful businessman who was at one point the island's third largest shipowner.
 The opalfish Hemerocoetes monopterygius is a duckbill of the genus Hemerocoetes found only around New Zealand at depths of between 5 and 200 m. Their length is between 10 and 25 cm.
 Somatic Cell and Molecular Genetics was a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the fields of cell biology and molecular genetics.The journal was established in 1975 as Somatic Cell Genetics. The founding editor-in-chief was Richard L. Davidson (then of the University of Illinois College of Medicine). The journal expanded scope to encompass the increased development of molecular genetics and changed its name to reflect this with the tenth volume January 1984 edition.
 Malekabad (Persian: ملك اباد‎ also Romanized as Malekābād) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rolling Thunder Mountain (10908 feet (3325 m)) is in the northern Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming. The peak is located northwest of Moran Bay on Jackson Lake and access to the peak involves navigating through several miles of backcountry areas of Snowshoe Canyon where there are no maintained trails.
 Lake Parangi is a small supertrophic (i.e. saturated in phosphorus and nitrogen with excessive phytoplankton growth after a few weeks of calm sunny weather) dune-dammed lake 3 km north of Kawhia in the Waikato region of New Zealand.
 The Majalla often directly transliterated as Al Majalla (Arabic:المجلة the magazine) is a Saudi-owned London-based political news journal published in Arabic English and Persian.The Majalla along with Sayidaty and Al Yamamah is among popular magazines in Saudi Arabia.
 Something Else is the third studio album by R&B singer Robin Thicke released on September 30 2008. It is a follow up to Thicke's highly successful second album The Evolution of Robin Thicke and features a guest appearance by Lil Wayne.
 20th Century Masters - The Millennium Collection: The Best of Whitesnake is a compilation of Whitesnake's biggest hits from the 1980s. It features hit singles from their albums Slide It In Whitesnake (the 1987 album) and Slip of the Tongue. The compilation achieved Gold status.
 Pleasington Priory or the Church of St Mary and St John Baptist is a Roman Catholic church in the village of Pleasington Lancashire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner describes it as being an astonishing church and the listing in the National Heritage List for England states it is an exceptional form of Catholic chapel for the period before Emancipation.
 Daughter of the Empire is a political fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts. Published in 1987 it is the first book in the Empire Trilogy and was followed by Servant of the Empire in 1990.
 Mirahampe is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Würzbach is a river of Saarland Germany.
 Cheonggyesan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. Its area extends over the county of Yangpyeong. Cheonggyesan has an elevation of 658.4 m (2160 ft).
 Lentiira is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It belongs to Oulujoki main catchment area and it is situated in Kuhmo municipality in the Kainuu region. The lake is quite narrow and deep with long bays. It belongs to Lentiira–Iivantiira–Lentua kayaking route named The Tar Route.
 Ven Conmigo (English: Come With Me) is the second studio album by Tejano singer Selena y Los Dinos. The album includes a musical variety of rancheras cumbias ballads and pop.A.B. Quintanilla the producer enlisted the participation of David Lee Garza an accordion player for the title track Ven Conmigo. The group recorded La Tracalera a cover version of a song by the original Dinos and Aunque No Salga el Sol in 1984. The song Baila Esta Cumbia was an instant success in the U.S.
 The James Webb House is a property in Triune Tennessee that dates from c.1850 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1988. It has also been known as Kirkview Farm.It includes Greek Revival and Italianate architecture.
 The Murrindal River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Palojce is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 484 people.
 Lansing is a village in Tompkins County New York United States. The population was 3529 at the 2010 census.The Village of Lansing is in the Town of Lansing and is north of Ithaca.Tompkins County Airport (ITH) is partially in Eastern part of the village.
 Megalopyge orsilochus is a moth of the Megalopygidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The Soft Bulletin is the ninth album released by The Flaming Lips on May 17 1999 in the UK with a US release following on June 22 1999. It was released to wide critical acclaim and hailed by critics as a departure from their previous guitar-heavy alternative rock sound into a more layered and intricately arranged work.
 Yettinkeri is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 ReBoot: My Two Bobs is a 2001 Canadian made-for-TV movie based on the series ReBoot. The movie continues the events set in motion by the cliffhanger ending in Daemon Rising. Along with Daemon Rising the two movies are considered the fourth season. It was originally broadcast in Canada as a film but was later rebroadcast as 4 individual episodes. Broken down into its component episodes it is 'My Two Bobs' 'Life's A Glitch' 'Null-Bot Of The Bride' and 'Crouching Binome Hidden Virus'.
 Madtsoiidae are an extinct group of mostly Gondwanan snakes with a fossil record extending from early Cenomanian (Upper Cretaceous) to late Pleistocene strata located in South America Africa India Australia and Southern Europe.
 Too Fast for Love is the debut record of American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe; 900 copies were released on November 10 1981 on the band's Leathür Records label. Elektra Records signed the band the following year at which point the album was remixed and partially re-recorded.
 Starowiskitki-Parcel [starɔvisˈkitki ˈpart͡sɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Un corazon herido is the seventh album by Mexican pop singer Yuri. It was released in 1987. She returns with the label EMI Music.It sold 250000 copies earning a Platinum disc [1].
 Pop is the debut studio album from British pop duo and 2007 The X Factor finalists Same Difference. The album was released on December 1 2008 by Syco Records. The album debuted at number 22 on the UK Album Chart on first week sales of 31064.
 The Bulletin of the Astronomical Society of India is the official quarterly journal of the Astronomical Society of India established in 1973. It publishes research papers and review articles as well as short reviews/comments on topics of in any area of astrophysics or astronomy.
 The Loren Andrus Octagon House also known as Washington Octagon House is an historic octagonal house located at 57500 Van Dyke Street just north of 26 Mile Road in Washington Township Macomb County Michigan. It was built in 1860 by David Stewart for his brother-in-law Loren Andrus.
 Baker Ropp House is a historic home located at Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia USA. It was built between 1890 and 1892 and is an L-shaped two-story brick Queen Anne-style dwelling. It is five bays wide has a gable roof and sits on a fieldstone foundation. It features a two-story polygonal brick window bay and two-story frame porch.
 Shademan (Persian: شادمان‎ also Romanized as Shādemān) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 148 in 32 families.
 Blastobasis anthoptera is a moth of the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Australia and New Guinea.
 Brown's Requiem is a 1981 crime novel the first novel by American author James Ellroy.
 The Armenian Mirror-Spectator is a newspaper published by the Baikar Association in Watertown Massachusetts.
 Callipara queketti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Live & Unreleased: The Radio Show is a posthumous compilation box set by Jimi Hendrix released in France only by Castle Communications on November 20 1989. The tracks included were originally broadcast as a six-hour radio show in the United States on September 2 and 3 1988 and as such feature original narration. Live & Unreleased was released as a 5-LP set and a 3-CD set in the same year. Featuring rare songs and outtakes some still not released through Experience Hendrix
 The Capt. William Hallett House is a historic house at 570 Main Street in the Hyannis village of Barnstable Massachusetts USA. This 1-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1800 and exhibits a distinctive combination of Federal and Queen Anne styling. While its basic form is that of a Federal-style Cape it was altered in the late 19th century adding a shed-roof dormer with an eyebrow section a porch with turned posts and a projecting window bay.
 Dr. Dalhatu Sarki Tafida (born 24 November 1940) was elected Senator for the Kaduna North constituency of Kaduna State Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic running on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform. He took office on 29 May 1999.He was reelected for a further four-year term in 2003.
 Kösreli is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 The Pirmad cat snake (Boiga dightoni) is a species of rear-fanged colubrid found in the Western Ghats. It is named after Pirmedu (also spelled Peermade) a place in Kerala India elevation 3300 feet (1006 m). The specific name or epithet dightoni is in honor of S. Dighton Esq. the collector of the holotype specimen.
 The C. Lewis Harrison House is a historic house at 14 Eliot Memorial Road in Newton Massachusetts. The 1 3/4 story wood frame house was built c. 1915 for Charles Lewis Harrison a Boston lawyer. It is an excellent example of a Craftsman cottage attractively set on a wooded lot overlooking the Commonwealth Country Club.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Imandra (Russian: Имандра Finnish: Imantero) is a lake in the south-western part of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia slightly beyond the Arctic circle. It is located 127 m above sea level; its area is about 876 km² maximum depth is 67 m. The shape of the shore line is complicated. There are a number of islands and the largest one Erm Island measures 26 km².
 Road Trips Volume 2 Number 4 is a two-CD live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead. The eighth in their Road Trips series of albums it was recorded on May 26 and 27 1993 at the Cal Expo Amphitheatre in Sacramento California. A third bonus disc included with some copies of the album was recorded at the same two concerts. The album was released on August 25 2009.
 The Bud Brothers Series is a group of eight best selling novels written by Filipino Romance writer Rose Tan. It has sold more than 15000 copies during its first printing in the Philippines in 2002 and has been expanded into a franchise (Bud Brothers Group and Bud Brothers Unlimited) by its Publisher Precious Pages Corp by 2005.The books tells the story of eight different men (Vince Banaag Wayne Alban Pete Labrador Carlo Domingo Dr.
 Iron Empires is a comic series written and painted by the American artist Christopher Moeller. It is in two parts: Shadow Empires: Faith Conquers first published as a limited series by Dark Horse in 1994 and Sheva's War published by Helix in 1998.Dark Horse reissued the comics as graphic novels in 2004 under the titles Iron Empires Volume 1: Faith Conquers and Iron Empires Volume 2: Sheva's War.
 Indemnity Only is a mystery novel written by Sara Paretsky.
 Penrith Friary was a friary in Cumbria England.
 Eavere is a village in Are Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Ya-Po-Ah Terrace (nickname The High Place) is the tallest building in Downtown Eugene Oregon at 212 feet (65 m).[citation needed] It is a controversial high-rise apartment building for senior citizens erected at the foot of the butte in 1968.
 Laništa (Serbian: Ланишта) is a village in the municipality of Brčko Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Heliothis phloxiphaga is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the United States and southern Canada.Adults are on wing during summer.The larvae feed on the flowers and seeds of a wide variety of plants.
 Laughlin Hudson Holliday (born September 24 1944) is a two-star General from Poplarville Mississippi. Holliday is currently serving as a Pearl River County Supervisor and has announced his candidacy for the office of Governor of Mississippi.
 Les Scélérats (English title: The Wretches) is a 1960 French drama film directed by Robert Hossein who co-stars with Michèle Morgan Olivier Hussenot and Jacqueline Morane. It is also known as The Blackguards.
 Khvor Khurrast (Persian: خورخورست‎ also Romanized as Khvor Khūrrāst; also known as Khvor Kharrāst) is a village in Fin Rural District Fin District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 4 families.
 Bleak Moments is a 1971 British film the first film of Mike Leigh. It began as a 75-minute stage play in March 1970 at the Open Space Theatre. Leigh and Les Blair had formed their own company Autumn Productions and Leigh wanted to make a film of Bleak Moments. He was able to when Albert Finney and Michael Medwin's Memorial Films who had recently made If.... and were about to produce Gumshoe delivered the main financial backing as well as unused spare bits of film rolls.
 The Pearly Underwing or Variegated Cutworm (Peridroma saucia) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Southern and Central Europe but is also found further north because of its migratory nature.Elsewhere in the Palearctic ecozone it is found in North Africa Asia Minor Russia (including Russian Far East and Siberia China Taiwan and Japan. In the Nearctic ecozone it is found in the U.S.A.
 Chrome Box is a box set by the post-punk band Chrome released on December 7 1982 through Subterranean Records.
 Gulaab Gang is a 2014 Indian crime drama film centered on the struggle of women in the country directed by a debutante director Soumik Sen and produced by Anubhav Sinha starring Madhuri Dixit and Juhi Chawla as leads. The official trailer was released on 10 January 2014.The film released on 7 March 2014. Upon its release the film received positive to mixed reviews from the critics however the critics raved about Chawla's performance in the film calling it the best performance of the year.
 The New Classic is the debut studio album by Australian recording artist Iggy Azalea. The album was released on 21 April 2014 under Island Records and affiliated record labels. Azalea came to prominence after releasing her debut mixtape Ignorant Art and subsequently aligning herself with American rapper T.I. and his Hustle Gang imprint.
 The White-headed Brush Finch (Atlapetes albiceps) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Solacers is a memoir written by American author Arion Golmakani published in 2012. The book told in first person perspective tells the story of an abandoned little boy growing up on the streets of Iran before the Iranian Revolution of 1979.
 Marrakech Express is a 1989 Italian film directed by Gabriele Salvatores and starring Diego Abatantuono Fabrizio Bentivoglio Cristina Marsillach Giuseppe Cederna and Gigio Alberti. A classical road movie it was the first installment of Salvatores' trilogia della fuga (escape trilogy) followed by On Tour (1990) and the Academy Award winning Mediterraneo (1991).
 Apoorva Sahodarigal is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by R.Thyagarajan. The film stars Karthik Suresh Radha Suhasini and Urvashi in the lead roles.The film's music score has been done by Bollywood music director Bappi Lahiri.
 Čelevec is a small village in the western part of the Demir Kapija Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia. It mostly consists of Turkish inhabitants. The people are very traditional and the village itself is located in a beautiful wooded area between the mountains. To get here you can walk along the river at the stopping point between the two tunnels on the main highway to Gevgelija that lead into the canyon.
 Bebra is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Ferenc Rabár (1929–1999) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Finance in 1990.
 Tähdet kertovat komisario Palmu (The Stars Will Tell Inspector Palmu) (1962) is a Finnish crime movie directed by Matti Kassila. It is the third film in the Inspector Palmu series and the second one produced by Fennada. The novel was written by Waltari through the explicit request by director Kassila. It is also the last film in the series to be shot in black and white. The fourth film was made without Waltari's involvement.
 Kanchanapur is a town in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5470 and had 859 houses in the town.
 Arrow of God is a 1964 novel by Chinua Achebe his second novel after Things Fall Apart. These two books along with the final book No Longer at Ease are sometimes called The African Trilogy as they share similar settings and themes.
 Makarios III (Greek: Μακάριος Γ) born Michail Christodoulou Mouskos (Greek: Μιχαήλ Χριστοδούλου Μούσκος) (August 13 1913 – August 3 1977) was the archbishop and primate of the autocephalous Church of Cyprus (a Greek Orthodox Church) (1950–1977) and the first President of the Republic of Cyprus (1960–1974 and 1974–1977). In his three terms as President of Cyprus (1959-1977) he survived four assassination attempts and a 1974 coup.
 Braxon Peak at 10353 feet (3156 m) above sea level is a peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area on the border of Boise and Custer counties. The peak is located 1.36 mi (2.19 km) south of Mount Cramer its line parent. It is also about 1.2 mi (1.9 km) south-southwest of Mount Heyburn. Braxon Lake is just southwest of the peak.
 Seiji Maehara (前原 誠司 Maehara Seiji born 30 April 1962) is a Japanese politician who has been a member of the House of Representatives of Japan since 1993.
 Acanthocobitis pavonacea is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Acanthocobitis.
 Çalışlar' is a village in the District of İscehisar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Tavşancık is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey.
 Lake Bathurst (Aboriginal: Bundong[citation needed]) is a shallow lake located 27 kilometres (17 mi) south-east of Goulburn New South Wales in Australia.
 A. Rajagopal is a well-known Indian politician social worker Lawyer and former Member of the Legislative Assembly. He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as an Tamil Maanila Congress (Moopanar) candidate from Sivakasi constituency in 2001 election.
 Pankajärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the North Karelia region in the municipality of Lieksa.
 Donja Šušaja is a village in the municipality of Preševo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 342 people.
 Gammulla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Hüseyin Hilmi Pasha (Ottoman Turkish: حسین حلمی پاشا also spelled Hussein Hilmi Pasha) (1 April 1855 – 1922) was a statesman and twice Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire around the time of the Second Constitutional Era. He was also one-time president of the Turkish Red Crescent.
 The Valea Pitarului River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Robert Donatucci (May 3 1952 – November 9 2010) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives representing the 185th Legislative District from 1980 until his death in 2010.A native of Philadelphia Donatucci graduated from Bishop Neumann High School in 1970 and from Temple University in 1974. He was first elected in a special election on March 11 1980 to succeed his brother Ronald Donatucci who resigned to become register of wills of Philadelphia County.
 The Vârtej River is a headwater of the Călănești River in Romania.
 Petrelaea is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The members (species) of this genus are found in the Australasian ecozone and in the Indomalaya ecozone
 Yang Xiong (Chinese: 杨雄; born November 1953) is a politician of the People's Republic of China and Mayor of Shanghai. A native of Hangzhou Zhejiang Province Yang is a graduate of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and has a master's degree in economics. He was formerly chairman of Shanghai Airlines.
 Peter James George CM O.Ont (born September 12 1941) is a Canadian economist and university administrator. On June 30 2010 he retired after serving three five year terms as President and Vice-Chancellor of McMaster University in Hamilton Ontario.
 Eyes in the Night is a 1942 American mystery film directed by Fred Zinnemann based on Baynard Kendrick's 1941 novel The Odor of Violets and starring Edward Arnold Ann Harding and Donna Reed.The film was followed by a sequel (also starring Arnold) The Hidden Eye.
 The golden Atlantic tree-rat Phyllomys blainvillii is a spiny rat species from South America. It is found in Brazil.
 Charles Barron (born October 7 1950) had represented Brooklyn's 42nd District on the New York City Council since 2001 to 2013. A self-described elected activist Barron ran for mayor of New York City in 2005 and in 2006 was narrowly defeated by Edolphus Towns in the Democratic Party primary for the U.S. House of Representatives (10th Congressional District).
 Dôme de Chasseforêt is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3586 metres above sea level.
 Bujnowo [bui̯ˈnɔvɔ] (Ukrainian: Буйново Buinovo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) west of Bielsk Podlaski and 42 km (26 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Comber (Serranus cabrilla) is a species of fish in the family Serranidae.It lives in the Mediterranean Sea the Black Sea and the Atlantic coast from the British Isles to the Cape of Good Hope including the Azores Madeira and the Canary Islands. The habitat are rocky or sandy sounding-deeps at depths of 0–200 metres (0–656 ft). Size can vary from 5–25 centimetres (2.0–9.8 in) in normal individual to up to 40 cm (16 in).The comber feeds on other fish cephalopods and crustaceans.
 The Río Sana Muerto is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Helmküla is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 43 (as of 1 January 2011).
 High Ceilings & Collarbones is the debut studio album by Spanish singer songwriter and musician from Madrid Juan Zelada. It was first released on 2 December 2011 in the United Kingdom. The album peaked to number 53 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Minam Lake is a high-elevation reservoir in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of the Wallowa Mountains in the U.S. state of Oregon. The unusual reservoir a modified natural lake has outlets on both its north and south ends. The south outlet drains to the Minam River and the north outlet is the source of the Lostine River.A natural lake at this spot had only a south outlet.
 Unbutton Your Heart is the debut studio album by Penny Hill. It was released on 12 March 2010.
 Monkey's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It has been used as part of the Fortifications of Gibraltar and in 1942 there was a convalescent hospital here. This building was later used as the HQ of the Royal Electrical & Mechanical Engineers.
 'Qatar Chronicle' is a daily English language news web portal published in Qatar.Qatar Chronicle is a leading news portal in the Gulf region. The paper ushered in a breath of fresh air into the news and media scene in Qatar through its extensive and incisive reporting coupled with an active social media presence.
 Aphotic is the eighth studio release by Illinois-based death/doom metal band Novembers Doom adding a more progressive feel to the standard death/doom sound.
 Galaginakatti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tāmaki is the principal public gallery in Auckland New Zealand and has the most extensive collection of national and international art in New Zealand.
 Sex Offenders: An Analysis of Types is a 1965 book about sex offenders by Paul Gebhard John Gagnon Wardell Pomeroy and Cornelia Christenson. It was a publication of the Institute for Sex Research.
 Her Majesty's Prison Maze (known colloquially as Maze Prison The Maze The H Blocks or Long Kesh) was a prison in Northern Ireland that was used to house paramilitary prisoners during the Troubles from mid-1971 to mid-2000.It was situated at the former Royal Air Force station of Long Kesh on the outskirts of Lisburn. This was in the townland of Maze about nine miles (14 km) southwest of Belfast.
 Jonestown: Paradise Lost is a 2007 documentary television film on the History Channel about the final days of Jonestown the Peoples Temple and Jim Jones. From eyewitness and survivor accounts the program recreates the last week before the mass murder-suicide on November 18 1978.
 Mount Luxmore is a mountain in the South Island of New Zealand and visible from the nearby town of Te Anau. The mountain is 1472 metres (4829 ft) high. It is part of the Kepler Track with the highest point on the track being the slightly lower Luxmore Saddle at a height of 1400 metres (4600 ft).The mountain was named by James McKerrow after Philip Bouverie Luxmoore of Timaru.
 The Grotu River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Taunshits (Russian: Тауншиц) is a stratovolcano located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.
 Bastile Glacier is located on the north slopes of Mount Baker in the North Cascades U.S. state of Washington.
 Gornje Trnjane is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 250 people.
 Dysphania is a genus of colourful moths in the family Geometridae. With a typical wingspan of 5–8.5 centimetres (2.0–3.3 in) they are relatively large compared to most members of this family. Most Dysphania are day-flying but there are also nocturnal species. They are found in northeast Australia Melanesia and south east and southeast Asia.
 The Winnipeg Railway Museum is a non-profit organization operated by volunteers from the Midwestern Rail Association. The museum is located on tracks 1 and 2 within Winnipeg's Via Rail operated Union Station in Manitoba Canada.
 Resham Ki Dori is a 1974 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra and Saira Banu. The film was rated above average at the box office.
 Paradise Found is a 2003 biographical film based on the life of Post-Impressionist painter Paul Gauguin.
 Calliostoma normani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Ogden Canyon is a canyon near Ogden Utah United States.
 Horas marcadas is a 1954 Argentine film.
 Newberry is a village in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of Luce County. Located within McMillan Township at its very southern end it shares some administrative responsibilities with the surrounding township. The population was 1519 at the 2010 census.The village was named in honor of John Stoughton Newberry a U.S.
 Dharam Sankat is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by N.D. Kothari and produced by Umesh N. Kothari. It stars Vinod Khanna and Amrita Singh in pivotal roles.
 Beachwood Place is an upscale shopping mall located in Beachwood Ohio a Greater Cleveland suburb. It opened in 1978 and is anchored by Dillard's Nordstrom and Saks Fifth Avenue. More than 140 additional specialty shops and restaurants are located there including Lacoste Louis Vuitton Swarovski Chanel L'Occitane En Provence Coach Gucci and Prada.
 The Best of Anita Baker is a compilation album by the American R&B/soul singer Anita Baker. It was released on June 18 2002 in the United States by Rhino Records and compiles material from Baker's career spanning 1983-2002. As of March 2004 the album has sold 402000 copies and been certified Gold by the RIAA.The album was released in the UK as Sweet Love: The Very Best of Anita Baker with a slightly different track listing and running order.
 Kugrua Bay is a large bay located southwest of Peard Bay by the Chukchi Sea in Alaska's North Slope United States. This area is mostly intact tundra and is part of the polar desert.
 Gymnothorax australicola is a moray eel found in the southeast and southwest Pacific ocean. It was first named by Lavenberg in 1992 and is commonly known as the South Pacific moray.
 Rosetta is a Star Trek: Enterprise novel which was released on 31 January 2006.
 Orkut Oru Ormakoot ( Malayalam: ഓർക്കൂട്ട് ഒരു ഓർമ്മക്കൂട്ട്) is a 2012 Malayalam film written and directed by debutant duo of Manoj - Vinod. The film launched a new bunch of actors which included Joe Sibi Malayil (son of director Sibi Malayil) Ben Lalu Alex (son of actor Lalu Alex) Anu Mohan (grandson of actor Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair) Vishnu Raghav and Arjun Ashokan (son of actor Harishree Ashokan). Rima Kallingal is the female lead.
 Ayiram Muthangal is a 1982 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Annakkili S.Devarajan for Thirupur Mani. The film stars Sivakumar Radha and Sivachandran in the lead roles.
 The University Hospital of Geneva (French: Hôpitaux universitaires de Genève HUG) is one of the five university hospitals of Switzerland.
 Where Tradition Meets Tomorrow is the second studio album by rock musician Jonathan Coulton. The album is named after the town motto of Jonathan's hometown Colchester Connecticut. The album cover art itself is a retouched photograph of a sign from the city. The album is one of Coulton's only EPs; on his website he commented I don't know why there are only five songs maybe I was tired.
 Károly Kerkapoly or Kerkápoly (13 May 1824 - 31 December 1891) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Finance between 1870 and 1873. He studied in Pápa in the same school as Mór Jókai and Sándor Petőfi. He worked as a juratus in the National Assembly of 1844. When he finished his law studies he worked for the Zala County's chief prosecutor. Kerkapoly met Ferenc Deák here who already then sympathized with him and later attention and interest his orbit was accompanied by Deák.
 Lake of Egypt is a reservoir in the Little Egypt region of the U.S. state of Illinois. It is located six miles (10 km) south of Marion Illinois and covers 2300 acres (9 km²) with 90 miles (140 km) of shoreline. The lake has an average depth of 18 feet (5.5 m) with a maximum depth of 52 feet (16 m) .
 Thomas-McJunkin-Love House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It was built for James R. Thomas president of the Carbon Fuel Companya coal mining business in the Kanawha Valley. Known originally as The Maples it was built for him and his family around 1921.
 Balls in the Great Meat Grinder Collection is an anthology by Oxbow released in 1992 through Pathological Records. It collects the bands first two LPs Fuckfest and King of the Jews on a single CD.
 Mount Moco (Portuguese: Morro do Moco) at 2620 metres (8600 ft) is the highest mountain in Angola. It is located in western Angola.
 Lord of the Silent (2001) is the 13th in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.
 Anthony Core commonly called Tony Core is an American politician from Ohio and a former Republican member of the Ohio General Assembly. A graduate of Ohio State University he is a lawyer from rural Rushsylvania in Logan County.
 Powderfinger is the eponymous first studio recording by Australian rock group Powderfinger. Many refer to it as The Blue EP. The EP launch was at the Orient Hotel Friday 21 August 1992; the band were supported by local act Lolita Carbine. The disk garnered the attention of some rock fans and more so gained the attention of Polydor record executives who through this EP signed the band.
 John A. McMahon (February 19 1833 – March 8 1923) was a United States Representative from Ohio. He was the nephew of Clement Vallandigham another Representative from Ohio.McMahon was born in Frederick County Maryland and graduated from St. Xavier College in 1849. He taught at Xavier for a year and settled in Dayton Ohio in 1852. He studied law with his uncle Vallandigham and was admitted to the bar in 1854 forming a partnership with his uncle.
 The Bama Theatre is a historic theater in Tuscaloosa Alabama that currently serves as the city's performing arts center. Its modern redevelopment is the result of cooperation between the Arts Council of Tuscaloosa and the Tuscaloosa County Parks and Recreation Authority. The three-story brick and limestone building is located at the corner of Sixth Street and Greensboro Avenue in downtown Tuscaloosa. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 30 1984.
 The Donaldson Smith's Sparrow-Weaver (Plocepasser donaldsoni) is a species of bird in the Passeridae family. It is found in Ethiopia Kenya and Somalia.
 Matiyah is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Richard David (Dave) Rooney (August 13 1937 – November 9 2006) was a Canadian politician.Born in Lower Island Cove Newfoundland and Labrador he was a teacher before being elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the riding of Bonavista—Trinity—Conception in the 1972 federal election. A Liberal he was re-elected three more times in 1974 1979 and 1980 before being defeated in the 1984 election.
 English Vinglish is a 2012 Indian comedy-drama film written and directed by Gauri Shinde. The film's narrative revolves around a housewife who enrolls in an English-speaking course to stop her husband and daughter mocking her lack of English skills and gains self-respect in the process. The protagonist played by Sridevi was inspired by Shinde's mother.
 Riders of the Purple Sage is a 1996 TV-movie based on the Western novel by Zane Grey directed by Charles Haid adapted by Gil Dennis and starring Ed Harris as Lassiter and Amy Madigan as Jane Withersteen. This TNT Original Production is the fifth screen adaptation of Grey's novel across an eight-decade span.
 The Further Adventures of The Saw Doctors is a 2010 album by Irish rock group The Saw Doctors. It was their 7th studio album long awaited after the released of The Cure Album. It was released on the 17th of September 2010 in Ireland and on iTunes and was released on 27 September 2010 in the UK. It was sold on Amazon.com as part of a Limited Edition Set including the CD plus a bonus DVD. The album reached number 58 in the UK Album Chart in its first week.
 Have a Nice Decade: The 70s Pop Culture Box is a seven-disc box set with a 90-page booklet of cultural comment a timeline for the decade and liner notes. While covering much of the same ground as Rhino's Have a Nice Day series it includes more R&B funk soul and disco from the period.
 James Noble Allan (November 13 1894 – May 9 1992) was a Canadian politician.After serving as Mayor of Dunnville and Warden of Haldimand County along with various other municipal posts Allan was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the 1951 provincial election as the Progressive Conservative Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) for Haldimand—Norfolk. In 1955 he was appointed by Ontario Premier Leslie Frost to the cabinet as Minister of Highways.
 Year's Best SF 13 (ISBN 0061252093) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2008. It is the thirteenth in the Year's Best SF series.
 The Gender (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɣɛndər]) is a stream in the Dutch province of Noord-Brabant. It originates in originally marshy flatlands near Steensel and flows through Veldhoven and its eastern district Meerveldhoven in a general east-northeast direction towards Eindhoven.
 Yorktown Heights Railroad Station is a former railroad station on the Putnam Line in Yorktown Heights New York United States. It is a wooden building located on Commerce Street at the intersection of Underhill Avenue in Railroad Park.The station was originally built in 1877 by the New York Westchester and Putnam Railway along a line originally installed by the New York and Boston Railroad that is today a rail trail.
 Eleutherodactylus ruidus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests pastureland and heavily degraded former forest.
 John Ford House (January 9 1827 - June 28 1904) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for Tennessee's 6th congressional district.
 Marsyas is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Marsyas bahiae Tschitscherine 1900 Marsyas bicolor Straneo 1968 Marsyas cyanopterus (Tschitscherine 1897) Marsyas darlingtoni Straneo 1985 Marsyas elegans (Perty 1830) Marsyas franzi Straneo 1985 Marsyas humeralis Straneo 1968 Marsyas inaequalis Straneo 1968 Marsyas insignis (Brulle 1843) Marsyas intermedius Straneo 1968 Marsyas lampronotus Tschitscherine 1901 Marsyas latemarginatus Straneo 1968 Marsyas minutus Straneo 1951 Marsyas obliquecollis (Motschulsky 1866) Marsyas olivaceus Straneo 1968 Marsyas parallelus (Perty 1830) Marsyas proximus Straneo 1953 Marsyas subaeneus Straneo 1968 Marsyas viridiaeneus Chaudoir 1874↑
 The Tall Guy is a 1989 romantic comedy and the feature film debut of screenwriter Richard Curtis and director Mel Smith. It was produced by London Weekend Television for theatrical release and stars Jeff Goldblum Emma Thompson and Rowan Atkinson. Curtis's script draws from his experiences as straight man to long-time collaborator Rowan Atkinson.
 Black Flowers is a 2009 album by the Art Of Time Ensemble featuring Sarah Slean.On May 10 and 11 2007 Sarah Slean was the featured artist in the Art Of Time Ensemble's Songbook series which is artistic director Andrew Burashko's pursuit to present music - avant-garde popular cabaret jazz classical - in ways audiences haven't experienced. Black Flowers was released on June 2 2009 through Pheromone Recordings.
 Frekhaug is the administrative centre of Meland municipality located in Hordaland county Norway. The village sits at the southern tip of the island of Holsnøy. The 1.03-square-kilometre (250-acre) urban area of Frekhaug (which also encompasses the suburb of Vikane) has a population (2012) of 1649 giving the village a population density of 1601 inhabitants per square kilometre (4150 /sq mi).
 Opsithrissops is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Thanetian stage of the Paleocene epoch.
 Courtside Seats... is Heavy Heavy Low Low's first studio album. It was released on February 28 2005 through Twelve Gauge Records.
 Cerro Galán is a caldera in Catamarca Province Argentina considered to be the best exposed large caldera in the world. It was formed 2.2 million years ago when 1050 km3 of material was erupted producing ignimbrite deposits stretching up to 100 km away. The caldera was originally the site of a large lake but resurgence of the eastern caldera floor has confined the salty Laguna Diamante to the caldera's western edge.
 Kościejów [kɔɕˈt͡ɕejuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Racławice within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Racławice 18 km (11 mi) east of Miechów and 39 km (24 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 420.
 Iolaus cytaeis the Cytaeis Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia.
 La República is also a newspaper in numerous other countries.La República (About this sound listen ) is a center-left newspaper published in Lima Peru. It is one of the two main national dailies sold all over the country since it was founded on November 16 1981. The paper was founded by Gustavo Mohme Llona a former member of the Peruvian Congress.
 Misia Remix 2003 Kiss in the Sky: Non Stop Mix is Misia's third remix album released on April 23 2003. It sold 31648 copies in its first week and peaked at #3. Disc one is mixed by DJ Ta-shi whilst the second disc is mixed by DJ Gomi.The album is certified Gold for shipment of 100000 copies.
 Kuttiattoor is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 Arachnospila anceps is one of the more common spider wasps of western Europe.
 One Acoustic Night is the third album live by the German hard rock band Bonfire. It was released in 2005 by E-M-S Music and is a two-disc album that is a live acoustic performance in Germany. It also features a studio song dedicated to the victims of the tsunami disaster in Thailand recorded in English German and Spanish. Chris Limburg and Thomas Streck were guest musicians that helped with the live performance which is all in German.
 Bangkok Traffic Love Story (Thai: รถไฟฟ้า มาหานะเธอ RTGS: Rot Fai Fa Ma Ha Na Thoe) is a Thai romantic comedy film released by GTH on 15 October 2009. It was directed by Adisorn Tresirikasem and written by Navapol Thamrongruttanarit. The film tells the story of Mei Li (Cris Horwang) a thirty-year-old woman feeling desperate about being last among her friends to marry and her relationship with Loong (Theeradej Wongpuapan) an engineer working on the BTS Skytrain system.
 Quentin R. Orlando (November 8 1919 – January 22 2011) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate serving from 1973 to 1980. He was the first individual with a Doctor of Optometry to be elected to the Pennsylvania General Assembly. He and fellow Senator Lou Coppersmith were the main sponsors of the Diagnostic Drug Bill.He served two terms as a member of the Erie City Council. He practiced optometry in the Erie Pennsylvania area for over fifty years.
 Raffles Hotel is a colonial-style hotel in Singapore. It was established by two Armenian brothers from Persia—Martin and Tigran Sarkies—in 1887. In later years they were joined by younger brothers Aviet and Arshak and kinsman Martyrose Arathoon. With their innovative cuisine and extensive modernisations the firm built the hotel into Singapore's best known icon. It was named after Stamford Raffles the founder of modern Singapore whose statue had been unveiled in 1887.
 Dinopelma is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Dinopelma angustum Andrewes 1931 Dinopelma bouchardi (Pouillade 1914) Dinopelma immaculatum Andrewes 1932 Dinopelma intermedium Louwerens 1958 Dinopelma leptaleum Andrewes 1932 Dinopelma lineola Andrewes 1932 Dinopelma lunifer Andrewes 1932 Dinopelma marginatum Andrewes 1932 Dinopelma minus Liebke 1931 Dinopelma plantigradum Bates 1889 Dinopelma quadratum Andrewes 1931 Dinopelma virens (Andrewes 1929) Dinopelma wegneri Louwerens 1958↑
 Rhipidarctia flaviceps is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea Nigeria and Togo.
 Brian Adam (10 June 1948 – 25 April 2013) was a Scottish politician. He served as the Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for Aberdeen Donside constituency.He was an MSP for the North East Scotland region from 1999 to 2003 and for the Aberdeen North constituency from 2003 to 2011. From 2007 to 2011 he was Chief Whip for the minority SNP Government and Co-Convener of the Oil and Gas Cross Party Group.
 The Toledo Museum of Art is an internationally known art museum located in the Old West End neighborhood of Toledo Ohio United States. The museum was founded by Toledo glassmaker Edward Drummond Libbey in 1901 and moved to its current location a Greek revival building designed by Edward B. Green and Harry W. Wachter on January 17 1912. The building was expanded twice in the 1920s and 1930s. Brian Kennedy serves as the museum's director.
 High School (also known as HIGH school) is a 2010 American stoner black comedy film starring Adrien Brody. It is the feature-length directorial debut of John Stalberg Jr.. The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and was theatrically distributed by Anchor Bay Films on June 1 2012.
 Lake Vermilion is a 1000-acre (4.0 km²) reservoir located in Vermilion County Illinois. It was built for water supply fishing and recreation purposes. The lake is 3 miles (4.8 km) long and 0.5 miles (0.8 km) wide. The nearest city is Danville in eastern Illinois.Lake Vermilion is managed by the Vermilion County Conservation District (VCCD) for bass catfish crappie tiger muskie and walleye.
 Khanikhola is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3127 people living in 512 individual households.
 Henri Groulx (21 May 1888 – 16 July 1952) was a Canadian pharmacist and politician.Born in Montreal Quebec Groulx was educated at the Collège Mont-Saint-Louis Collège Saint-Laurent and at Université Laval à Montréal. He was a pharmacist since 1914 and owned a pharmacy.He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Montréal-Outremont in 1939. A Liberal he was re-elected in 1944 1948 and 1952.
 Izvorul Dealului is a tributary of the Neajlov River. It rises from the Great Romanian plain and joins Neajlov River near Dealu.
 Sfia Bouarfa (Arabic: صفية بوعرفة‎) born 14 October 1950 in Jerada Morocco) is a Belgian politician and a member of the PS. Since 1995 she is a Member of the Parliament of the Brussels-Capital Region and a Member of the Parliament of the French Community. She was also a Community Senator appointed by the Parliament of the French Community since 16 May 2001.
 Atik Mustafa Pasha Mosque (Turkish: Atik Mustafa Paşa Camii; also named Hazreti Cabir Camii) is a former Eastern Orthodox church in Istanbul converted into a mosque by the Ottomans. The dedication of the church is obscure. For a long time it has been identified with the church of Saints Peter and Mark but without any proof.
 Khojpur is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3703 people living in 649 individual households.
 Castle Towers Mountain is a triple summit mountain on the east side of Garibaldi Lake in southwestern British Columbia Canada. The first ascent party from the BC Mountaineering Club named the mountain after its appearance in August 1911.
 The Thomas R. Ayer House (also known as the Parr House) is a historic building in Oklawaha Florida at 11885 Southeast 128th Place. On July 13 1993 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Floodgate is a novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean first published in 1983. It is a rare example of inter-novel continuity in MacLean's writing as one of the characters in his previous novel Puppet on a Chain makes a re-appearance.
 This is a list of newspapers in Oman.Al-Isbou'a - Weekly Newspaper First and only Arabic Publication in Oman to be audited by an International audit Agency - BPA WorldwideAl-ShabibaAlwatanAzzamanARro'yahTheWeek published Wednesdays EnglishTimes of Oman EnglishOman Tribune EnglishMuscat Daily EnglishOman Daily ArabicOman Daily Observer EnglishHi-weekly every Friday English published by Times of Oman
 Lost Sex (本能 Honno) is a 1966 Japanese drama film written and directed by Kaneto Shindo.
 The Bay Woodpecker (Blythipicus pyrrhotis) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan Cambodia China Hong Kong India Laos Malaysia Myanmar Nepal Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Târnăvița River is a tributary of the Boz River in Romania.
 Lady of the Glen: A Novel of 17th-Century Scotland and the Massacre of Glencoe is a 1996 historical fiction novel by American author Jennifer Roberson. It is a re-telling of the 1692 Massacre of Glencoe and focuses on a romantic relationship between Catriona of Clan Campbell and Alasdair Og MacDonald of Clan Donald each from rival clans.Roberson was inspired to write the novel after learning of the massacre in a British History class and waited 25 years until she felt ready to tell it.
 Indian Institute of Research in Numismatic Studies is located near the town of Nasik in Maharashtra state of India. Known locally as the Money Museum it is primarily a research centre with one wing dedicated to a public gallery.
 René Rojas Galdames (1919–1988) was a Chilean lawyer and diplomat. He was born in 1919 and died on October 22 1988. He married Margarita Zamora Callejas with whom he had 8 children.
 Brudzewice [brud͡zɛˈvit͡sɛ] formerly German Brüsewitz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchań within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Suchań 15 km (9 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Abolition of Britain is the first book by conservative journalist Peter Hitchens. Originally published in 1999 it charts and examines a period of perceived moral and cultural reform between the 1960s and the New Labour general election win in 1997. Hitchens asserts that the reforms facilitated vast and radical constitutional change under Tony Blair's new government that amounted to a slow motion coup d'état.
 The Râușorul is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 High and Low (天国と地獄 Tengoku to Jigoku literally Heaven and Hell) is a 1963 police procedural crime drama film directed by Akira Kurosawa starring Toshiro Mifune Tatsuya Nakadai and Kyōko Kagawa. The film is loosely based on King's Ransom (1959) an 87th Precinct police procedural by Ed McBain.
 Huandoy (in hispanicized spelling) Wantuy (Quechua for to transfer to transpose to carry to carry a heavy load) or Tullparahu (Quechua tullpa rustic cooking-fire stove rahu snow ice mountain with snow hispanicized Tullparaju) is a mountain located in the Ancash Region of Peru. It is the second-tallest peak of the Cordillera Blanca section of the Andes after Nevado Huascarán. These two peaks are rather nearby separated only by the Llankanuku ravine with its Llankanuku Lakes (3846 m).
 Donji Komren is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 The Hughes River is a tributary of the Little Kanawha River in western West Virginia in the United States. Via the Little Kanawha and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 Spoon River Anthology (1915) by Edgar Lee Masters is a collection of short free-form poems that collectively narrates the epitaphs of the residents of a fictional small town of Spoon River named after the real Spoon River that ran near Masters' home town. The aim of the poems is to demystify the rural small town American life. The collection includes two hundred and twelve separate characters all providing two-hundred forty-four accounts of their lives and losses.
 Thenmavin Kombath (English: Atop the Sweet Mango Tree) is a 1994 Malayalam musical drama film written and directed by Priyadarshan produced and edited by N. Gopalakrishnan and starring Mohanlal Shobana Nedumudi Venu Kaviyoor Ponnamma KPAC Lalitha Sukumari Sreenivasan Sankaradi and Sharat Saxena. The cinematography was by K. V. Anand and the score was composed by S. P. Venkatesh with Berny-Ignatius doing the songs with lyrics written by Gireesh Puthenchery. K. V.
 Stigmella pallidiciliella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from the Czech Republic and Slovakia to northern Italy.The larvae feed on Salix purpurea. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a long corridor along the midrib of the leaf. The frass line is often interrupted and leaves a clear zone at either side. The mine develops into a broad elongate blotch that in narrow leaves may occupy half of the leaf.
 The Willard Asylum for the Chronic Insane is a building complex in Willard New York near Seneca Lake. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.The property once included farmland that was farmed by the residents. Some of that property is now included in Bonavista State Park Golf Course.
 Dr Harold Neil Neil Johnston AO (born 1945) is a former senior Australian public servant and policymaker.
 The River Nore (Irish: An Fheoir) is a 140-kilometre (87 mi) long river located in south-east of Ireland. Along with the River Suir and River Barrow it is one of the constituent rivers of the group known as the Three Sisters. The river drains approximately 977 square kilometres (377 sq mi) of Leinster. The river rises in the Devil's Bit Mountain North Tipperary.
 In the Hand of the Goddess is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce the second in a series of four books The Song of the Lioness. It details the squire- and knighthood of Alanna of Trebond who has hidden her real sex in order to become a knight.
 Sukhachina is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2380 people living in 385 individual households.
 The Charazani tree frog Hyloscirtus charazani is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Bolivia and possibly Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and rivers. It is currently threatened by water pollution.
 Dębina [dɛmˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczów within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Kleszczów 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Bełchatów and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 The A. J. Mason Building is a single-story brick building that is the only remaining original structure in Tullahassee. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places August 5 1985.
 Rory R. Lee (born 1949) is a Southern Baptist clergyman educator and former college administrator and president who has been since 2004 the executive director of Baptist Children's Village a statewide ministry based in Ridgeland Mississippi which provides group homes for children along with psychological and spiritual counseling for families.
 Kawka [ˈkafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Niemce and 17 km (11 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 William Scarbrough House is a historic house in Savannah Georgia. It is significant for its Neoclassical architecture. It was completed in 1819. An architecturally compatible third floor was added in the mid-19th century but was later removed. The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
 Pisgah Mountain or Pisgah Ridge (on older USGS Maps) is a long ridgeline (12.5 miles (20.1 km) Tamaqua to Jim Thorpe river gap to river gap) oriented NNE-to-SSW whose northside valley is followed by U.S. Route 209 from river gap to river. The ridge is a succession of peaks exceeding 1440 feet (438.9 m) looming 300–540 feet above the towns of Lansford Coaldale Summit Hill and Tamaqua in the Panther Creek valley.
 Łazy [ˈwazɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starcza within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Sommen is a Swedish lake. Its area is 132 km² and its greatest depth is 60 m.(although deeper places are found every year) The lake is located in southern Sweden and is bounded by the provinces of Östergötland and Småland.The lake is a clear-water lake with a visibility of 9–11 m in the eastern parts of the lake. This makes Sommen one of the greatest clear-water lakes in Sweden.According to tradition Sommen has 365 islands one for each day of the year.
 Fra' Piero del Ponte (1462-1535) was the 45th Grand Master of the Order of Malta between 1534 and 1535.He hailed from Asti in northern Italy and was a descendent of the ancient family of Casal-Gros and Lombriax.
 Duet is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams featuring duet performances with Amina Claudine Myers which was released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1981.
 Christmas is the seventh album released by the Sons of the San Joaquin. It marks the first independently produced and released Sons recording since 1991's Bound for the Rio Grande. The songs are all Christmas standards. There would not be an original Sons-related Christmas recording until member Lon Hannah's solo album featured a lone Christmas song called Cowboy Christmas which was a reworking by Sons associate Bill Thornbury of Percy Faith and Spencer Maxwell's Christmas Is.
 The Scott–Vrooman House is a historic home located at 701 East Taylor Street in Bloomington Illinois. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 James Tora (born July 16 1956 in Hunuta Village Ugi Islands) is a Solomon Islands politician.After studying at the Honiara Technical Institute he worked as Supervising Manager for Student Welfare Services at the Solomon Islands College of Higher Education. He then began a career in national politics when he stood successfully for Parliament in the December 1 2004 bye-election in the Ugi/Ulawa constituency.
 That Don't Make Me a Bad Guy is the twelfth studio album from American country music artist Toby Keith. The album was released October 28 2008 (see 2008 in country music) on Show Dog Nashville Keith's own label and was produced by Keith himself. He wrote or co-wrote all the songs on this album collaborating with Bobby Pinson on all but three.
 Larkfield Priory Hotel in Larkfield beefits from being on the A20 London Road just 4 miles north west of Maidstone Kent.
 The Tigăile Mici River is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania.
 Negative B is the second and last album by the Swedish band Sanctifica released on Rivel Records in 2002. This album saw the band abandoning their previous black metal style for a more alternative electronic avantgarde experimental progressive death metal sound.The album received mixed reviews others finding the album too bizarre unfocused and unbalanced while others praised it for its unique style.
 Virbia endomelaena is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1914. It is found in Colombia.
 Sweet Revenge is a 1921 short Western film directed by Edward Laemmle and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Riddle Run is a tributary of the Allegheny River located in Allegheny County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 Tröndelsee is a lake in Kiel Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 30 m its surface area is 24 ha.
 Rhialto the Marvellous is a collection of one essay and three fantasy stories by Jack Vance first published in 1984 by Brandywyne Books a special edition three months before the regular (below). It is the fourth and concluding book in the Dying Earth series that Vance inaugurated in 1950. One of the stories was previously published.
 The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1952 is a 1952 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. An abridged edition was published in the UK by Grayson in 1953 under the title The Best Science Fiction Stories: Third Series.
 The Manole River is a tributary of the Hăghimaş River in Romania.
 Bon deh (Persian: بن ده ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 229 in 45 families.
 Porosalvania decipiens is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Tarwin River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the South Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria. The Tarwin River is the primary river system within South Gippsland Shire and has a catchment area of approximately 1500 square kilometres (580 sq mi) predominantly rural with small pockets of residential land use.
 The Hon. John Barton Arundel Acland (25 November 1823 – 18 May 1904) often referred to as JBA Acland or J.B.A. Acland was born in Devon England as the youngest child of Sir Thomas Dyke Acland 10th Baronet. He followed his father’s path of education and became a barrister in London. With his colleague and friend Charles George Tripp he formed the plan to emigrate to Canterbury New Zealand to take up sheep farming.
 War is a 2007 American action film directed by Philip G. Atwell his directorial debut and also fight choreography by Corey Yuen. The film stars Jet Li and Jason Statham. The film was released in the United States on August 24 2007. War features a collaboration between Jet Li and Jason Statham reuniting them for the first time since 2001's The One.
 Back Rocky Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Symphonica is the 20th album by Joe Lovano to be released on Blue Note Records. It was released in 2009 and features a live recording of a November 26 2005 concert.
 Commins Aston Mewa (born April 11 1965 in Uta Santa Cruz Temotu Province) is a Solomon Islands politician.He worked as a chief education officer before going into politics. His career in national politics began when he was elected to Parliament as the member for Temotu Nende in the August 2010 general election standing as an independent candidate. He was then appointed Minister for Justice and Legal Affairs in Prime Minister Danny Philip's Cabinet.
 The Harvey Girls is a 1946 MGM musical film based on the 1942 novel of the same name by Samuel Hopkins Adams about Fred Harvey's famous Harvey House waitresses. Directed by George Sidney the film stars Judy Garland and features John Hodiak Ray Bolger and Angela Lansbury as well as Preston Foster Virginia O'Brien Kenny Baker Marjorie Main and Chill Wills.
 Best of 4Minute is the first Japanese compilation album by the South Korean girl group 4Minute. It is composed of all the Japanese tracks released by the group since their debut in Japan. It was released on September 26 2012 in three different editions: 2 limited CD+DVD (Type A with a live event and Type B with all Japanese music videos) and a Regular edition.
 Florence Lake School No. 3 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011. It is located approximately 10 miles north of Wing North Dakota off ND 14.It was built as Sterling School No. 2 in 1917. It is a small prairie schoolhouse that was moved to Florence Lake in 1937 after the preceding school burned.
 Evelyn Vázquez Nieves is a Puerto Rican politician and Senator. She has been a member of the Senate of Puerto Rico since 2008.
 Haroon Yusuf (born 1958) was the Minister of Food & Civil Supplies Department and Industries Department in the current cabinet of the elected Indian National Congress (INC) Government being headed by Mrs. Sheila Dikshit Chief Minister Delhi.
 Gofasia atlantidis is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Bistcho Lake is a large lake in north western Alberta Canada.Bistcho Lake has a total area of 413 km2 (159 sq mi) (with 13 km2 (5.0 sq mi) islands area and 413 km2 (159 sq mi) water surface) and lies at an elevation of 552 m (1811 ft). It is the third largest lake in Alberta (or fourth if considering Lake Athabasca which is partly in Saskatchewan).Bistcho Lake is located in the hydrographic basin of the Liard River to which it is connected by the Petitot River.
 St Joseph's Church is a Roman Catholic Church in Dorking Surrey. It was founded in 1872 with help from the Duke of Norfolk. It is situated in Falkland Grove in the town. It is the only Catholic parish church in Dorking and is served by the Diocese of Arundel and Brighton.
 Tales of Three Planets is a posthumous collection of short stories by Edgar Rice Burroughs with an introduction by Richard A. Lupoff and illustrations by Roy G. Krenkel. It was first published in hardcover in 1964 by Canaveral Press and has been reprinted once since.The book collects four novelettes by Burroughs one set on Earth two set on the distant planet Poloda beyond the farthest star and one set on Venus.
 Kaneez is a Pakistani Urdu black-and-white film directed by renown director Hassan Tariq and produced by Hassan Tariq and Ali Sufiyan Afaqi. It cast Waheed Murad Zeba Mohammad Ali Sabiha Khanam Lehri Saqi Adeeb and Talish. It is a block buster musical family relationship film. Waheed Murad and Zeba played lead roles and Mohammad Ali played a complete character role.
 The Cocora River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 Eupithecia flavimacula is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is about 18 mm. The fore- and hindwings are grey brown with a soft yellowish tinge.
 Tiefenrother Höhe is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Black River is a 29.8-mile-long (48.0 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.
 St. Alban's Episcopal Church is an Episcopal church located at 580 Hilgard Avenue in Westwood Los Angeles California.
 Trouble – Norwegian Live EP is an EP released by English rock band Coldplay in the summer of 2001. It consists of five tracks recorded live by the band at Rockefeller Music Hall in Oslo Norway.
 Yves Prévost (July 11 1908 – November 27 1997) was a politician and lawyer in Quebec Canada.He was first elected in 1948 for the riding of Montmorency. He served as interim leader of the Union Nationale party and leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from September 1960 to January 1961.
 Mary River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise south of Mount Angelo approximately 25 km south of Halls Creek the river then flows in a westerly direction through Oollumarra Soak and discharges into Margaret River of which it is a tributary.Mary River has nine tributaries including; Laura River Willy Willy Creek Garden Creek Hangman Creek and Janet Creek.The river was named in 1884 when the area was explored by a government survey party led by Harry Johnston who named it after his mother Mary Johnston (1822-1893) the daughter of Marshall Waller Clifton and Elinor Bell.The traditional owners of the areas around the river are the Djaru and Konejandi peoples.
 Neptali Álvaro Gonzales (June 10 1923 – September 16 2001) also known as his name Neptali Gonzales Sr. was the President of the Philippine Senate from 1992 to 1993 1995 to 1996 and 1998.
 Gilas (Persian: گيلاس‎ also Romanized as Gīlās) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 5 families.
 Jeffrey William Titford (born 24 October 1933 West Mersea Essex) is a British politician who served as leader of the UK Independence Party from 2000 until 2002. He served again as interim leader in September to November 2010 following the resignation of Lord Pearson of Rannoch. He was also a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the East of England from 1999 to 2009.
 Treasure is an action-adventure novel by Clive Cussler. This is the ninth book featuring the author’s primary protagonist Dirk Pitt.
 Aleksandrówka [alɛksanˈdrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Belsk Duży 8 km (5 mi) west of Grójec and 44 km (27 mi) south of Warsaw.
 José M. Dávila Monsanto (November 2 1905 – April 4 2001) was a Puerto Rican politician and lawyer who in 1938 co-founded the political party Partido Popular Democrático de Puerto Rico (Popular Democratic Party of Puerto Rico or PPD). He served in the Puerto Rican Senate as a representative of the PPD.
 Kang Chang-hee (Korean: 강창희) is the Speaker of the 19th National Assembly of South Korea succeeding acting Speaker Chung Eui-hwa on 2 July 2012 for a two-year term. Kang was a member of the Saenuri Party (New Frontier Party formerly the Grand National Party) which holds the largest number of seats in the 2012–2016 National Assembly. He was selected as the party candidate for Speaker on 31 May 2012 which effectively guaranteed he would become Speaker.
 Common names: rosy boas rubber boas.Charina is a genus of nonvenomous boas found in North America. Three species are currently recognized.
 Atlantic Beach is an affluent village off the South Shore of Long Island in the Town of Hempstead Nassau County New York. It is located on Long Beach Barrier Island one of the outer barrier islands which it shares with Long Beach East Atlantic Beach Atlantic Beach Estates Lido Beach and Point Lookout.As of the 2010 United States Census the village population was 1891.During the summer months the population swells by thousands as people flood the beaches.
 Adventist Medical Center is a 302-bed hospital serving 900000 residents on the east side of the Portland-Vancouver metropolitan area in the United States.
 Sadie is the debut studio album by Australian pop singer John Farnham (billed then as Johnny Farnham) it was released by EMI Records in April 1968. The lead single Sadie (The Cleaning Lady) had been released in November 1967 it was #1 on the Go-Set National Singles Charts for five weeks and was the largest selling single in Australia by an Australian artist in the 1960s.
 The Tower on the Rift is the second novel in The View from the Mirror quartet by Ian Irvine.
 Skorpa Church (Norwegian: Skorpa kirke) is a historic parish church in the municipality of Kvænangen in Troms county Norway. It is located on the small island of Skorpa. The church is part of the Kvænangen parish in the Nord-Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1850 and it was consecrated on 18 September 1850 by the Bishop Daniel Bremer Juell. The church seats about 200 people.
 The Valea Zadelor River is a tributary of the Peleş River in Romania.
 Helagsfjället the mountain of Helags is a mountain in Härjedalen Sweden and is part of the Scandinavian Mountains. The peak reaches 1797 metres above sea level which makes it the highest mountain in Sweden south of the Arctic Circle. Its glacier is the country's southernmost.
 Micah Taul (May 14 1785 - May 27 1850) was a U.S.
 Arc Angels is the self-titled debut album by Arc Angels released in 1992. The album would prove to be one of the most popular blues/rock recordings of the decade as it captured the spirit of the great Stevie Ray Vaughan and managed to hit #127 on the Billboard charts.[citation needed]
 Papuacola is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Cropp River is a river of New Zealand. It flows east for nine kilometres before joining the Whitcombe River a tributary of the Hokitika River.1049 mm of rain fell over the Cropp River on 12-13 December 1995 a record rainfall for a 48 hour period for New Zealand.
 Steven C. Harris (born in Salt Lake City Utah) is a Republican Idaho State Representative since 2012 representing District 21 in the A seat.
 Nipponagonum is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Nipponagonum amphinomus (Bates 1883) Nipponagonum askellek Morvan 1998 Nipponagonum hakonum (Harold 1878) Nipponagonum meridies (Habu 1975) Nipponagonum minamikawai (Habu 1959) Nipponagonum nepalense Morvan 1998↑
 The Shuili River (Traditional Chinese:水里溪) is a river in Taiwan. It flows through Nantou County for 19km.
 Polinices peselephanti is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.
 Ante Prkačin (born 14 November 1953) is a Croatian and Bosnian general businessman and right-wing politician.
 Dąbrowa-Wilki [dɔmˈbrɔva ˈvilki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Fifty Years a Hunter and Trapper is an autobiography that contains many experiences and observations of Eldred Nathaniel Woodcock during his fifty years of hunting and trapping.
 Restoration is a novel by Rose Tremain published in 1989. It was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1989 and was the Sunday Express Book of the Year. It was made into a film in 1995.
 The Truckee Range is a mountain range located in western Nevada in the United States. The border between Washoe County and Churchill County runs along the ridge. The ridge runs north-south for approximately 30 miles.The Fernley Sink is to the south of the range. The Truckee River runs through the valley to the west of the range. Across that valley is the Pah Rah Range. Hot Springs Flat is to the east.
 Digging to China is a 1998 American drama film that marked the directorial debut of actor Timothy Hutton and the screen debut of Evan Rachel Wood. The screenplay by Karen Janszen focuses on the friendship forged between a precocious pre-teenaged girl with a vivid imagination and a mentally challenged adult male.
 For the 19th century United States politician and general see Benjamin Franklin Butler (politician)Benjamin Franklin Butler (December 17 1795 – November 8 1858) was a lawyer legislator and Attorney General of the United States.
 Joseph P. Bradley Jr. is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He was born in 1926 in Shamokin Pennsylvania.
 Strikebreaker is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the January 1957 issue of The Original Science Fiction Stories under the title Male Strikebreaker and reprinted in the 1969 collection Nightfall and Other Stories under the original title Strikebreaker.
 Arisman (Persian: اريسمان‎ also Romanized as Arīsmān and Erīsmān; also known as Azīsmān and Brīsmān) is a village in Emamzadeh Aqaali Abbas Rural District Emamzadeh District Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1745 in 489 families.
 Montreal Lake is a lake of Saskatchewan Canada and the source of the Montreal River. It is located between Saskatchewan Highway 2 on the west side and Highway 969 on the east side. Prince Albert National Park is across Saskatchewan Highway 2 and Clarence-Steepbank Lakes Provincial Park is across Saskatchewan Highway 969 from the lake.
 Nano–Mugen Compilation 2009 is a compilation album released by Asian Kung-Fu Generation to advertise their eighth annual Nano-Mugen Festival held at the Yokohama Arena through July 19-20th.
 Dabirian (Persian: دبيريان‎ also Romanized as Dabīrīān; also known as Dabīrnāl) is a village in Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 47 families.
 The Buddleia Budworm Moth (Pyramidobela angelarum) is a moth in the Oecophoridae family. It is known only from urban situations near the coast of California but is most likely is introduced there since the only known food plant is ornamental Buddleia which is a primarily tropical genus.The length of the forewings is 7.8-9.5 mm. The ground color of the forewings is gray-brown lightly speckled with brown. The ground color of the hindwings is pale gray.
 Clubland internationally known as Introducing the Dwights is a 2007 Australian comedy film directed by Cherie Nowlan and written by Keith Thompson. It stars an ensemble cast which includes Khan Chittenden Emma Booth Richard Wilson and Brenda Blethyn.
 The Barred triplefin (Enneapterygius clarkae) is a species of threefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius. It was described by W. Holleman in 1982 and was given its species epithet in honour of American ichthyologist Eugenie Clark. It is a tropical blenny known from the Indian Ocean and has been described from the Red Sea to Natal South Africa. Male barred triplefins can reach a maximum length of 2.5 centimetres.
 The Bonakouamouang Chimney – situated in Douala Cameroon in the district of Akwa neighborhood of Bessegue – is a relict of the waterworks built by the Germans at the beginning of the 19th century.
 The Panorama Tower is a planned condominium skyscraper in the Brickell neighborhood of Miami Florida. It was originally approved by the City of Miami and the Federal Aviation Administration in 2006 but was put on hold due to the Great Recession. The project was revived in 2012 when owner Tibor Hollo announced plans to begin construction of the tower as an all-condominium skyscraper with a height of 849 feet (259 m) with 724 units. This would make it the tallest building in Miami.
 Mount Ilas Mapulu (Indonesian: Gunung Ilas Mapulu) is a limestone mountain near Berau East Kalimantan Borneo. It is the type locality of the pitcher plant species Nepenthes mapuluensis which is named after it.
 The Engano River (Uruguay River) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Aprada-tepui is a tepui in Bolívar state Venezuela. It has an elevation of around 2500 metres (8200 ft) above sea level. It gives its name to the Aprada Massif which also includes the smaller Araopán-tepui to the east. A steep semi-circular ridge connects these two summits.
 The Centro Hebreo Sefaradi Synagogue (English: Sephardic Hebrew Center) a synagogue located in Havana is affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism.
 The Villalobos River is a river of Guatemala.
 Krishna Murari Moghe (born 2 December 1947) is an Indian politician. He was elected as 14th Mayor of Indore on December 11 2009 and also serves as State Secretary of BJP. He served as Member of Parliament from Khargone (Madhya Pradesh). He is chairman of the All India Council of Mayors.
 Osnówka [ɔsˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Perlejewo 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Siemiatycze and 78 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Resurrection is the second studio album by Chicago rapper Twista who had released his first album under the name Tung Twista. Along with the name and label change the rapper slowed his flow slightly and deepened his voice; he also took to darker rougher production provided by his then-DJ DJ-I.C. Dre.
 Suryavamsha is a 2000 released Kannada block buster film directed by S. Narayan and written by Vikraman. The film stars super star Dr. Vishnuvardhan in dual role along with Isha Koppikar and Lakshmi in the lead roles. Though the film was a remake of Tamil film Suryavamsam (1997) directed by Vikraman it went on to be a mega hit blockbuster film being more successful than the original. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by V.
 Ascandra contorta is a species of calcareous sponge belonging to the family Clathrinidae.This is a whitish sponge which appears as a mass of irregular convoluted tubes. It is very similar to Clathrina clathrus but usually differs in colour (C. clathrus is usually yellow) and by the presence of terminal oscula on vertical tubes (absent in C. clathrus). When viewed microscopically the spicule structure of the two species is very different A.
 Sinak (Persian: سينك‎ also Romanized as Sīnak) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District in the Central District of Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 21 families.
 Identikit (also known as The Driver's Seat) is a 1974 film directed by Giuseppe Patroni Griffi.Based on the novella The Driver's Seat by Muriel Spark it is a psychological drama starring Elizabeth Taylor Ian Bannen and featuring Andy Warhol.
 The Janitor's Boy is a children's book by Andrew Clements. Part of his school series it was released by Simon & Schuster in 2000.
 In Beowulf & Grendel: The Truth Behind England's Oldest Legend (2005) John Grigsby interprets Beowulf as the recounting in poetic form of a religious conflict between two pagan cults in Denmark around AD 500 (p. 5). Grigsby argues that the poem reflects the violent ending of the native fertility religion of Nerthus.
 Kozłów Biskupi [ˈkɔzwuf bisˈkupi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Nowa Sucha 5 km (3 mi) south-west of Sochaczew and 55 km (34 mi) west of Warsaw.
 The Rad Plzen cis. 9 Z.C.B.J. (SD10-6) is an historic building located in Morse Bluff Nebraska that was built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 20 1986. The building historically served as a meeting hall for the Czech community. It was the meeting hall for the Z.C.B.J. Lodge Plzen a branch of the Zapandi Czechoslovakia Brakaska Jednota. The Z.C.B.J.
 Fanged frog redirects here. This name is also used for the family Dicroglossidae otherwise known as forked-tongued frogs.
 Lay Your Hands on Me is the fourth and final studio album by Art Porter Jr.. Lay Your Hands on Me was produced by Chuckii Booker and was recorded at Siide FX Studios and mixed at AmerRaycan Studios by Raymundo Silva. The album has been described as a tribute to Chicago. It was described by Allmusic as smoother than should be legal.
 The Western bearded anole (Anolis barbatus) is a species of Anolis lizard from Cuba.
 Scoparia ambigualis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 15–22 mm. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Valerian and probably also on various mosses.
 Mary Elizabeth Beth Phillips (born 1969) is a United States District Judge on the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri.
 Seyf Khanlu (Persian: سيف خانلو‎ also Romanized as Seyf Khānlū; also known as Şafī Khānlū-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 23 families.
 The Fuller Memorandum is the third novel by Charles Stross in his Laundry series of Lovecraftian spy thrillers. The previous novels in the series were The Atrocity Archives (2004) and The Jennifer Morgue (2006).
 Mynydd y Betws is a mountain located on the border between Swansea and Carmarthenshire south Wales. It is the highest mountain in Swansea and the highest land between the River Loughor and the Upper Clydach River. A small road between Ammanford and Clydach passes very close to the summit on which are located the historic ruins of Penlle'r Castell.
 His Lordship's Kindness was built in the 1780s for Prince Georges County planter Robert Darnall near Clinton Maryland. The five-part Georgian mansion also known as Poplar Hill retains a number of subsidiary buildings including a slave's hospital and a dovecote.
 The Green Marker Scare is a 2012 horror film from the Irish director Graham Jones which is animated by children.
 Muhuri is a transnational river between India and Bangladesh. Rising in Tripura it flows into Bangladesh where it merges with the Feni near the latter's mouth to the Bay of Bengal. The Muhuri is also known as the Little Feni.
 Hawklords were an English music group active between 1978 and 1979.
 Pleiomorpha symmetra is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Union Times Today (UTT) is an English-language Tabloid Newspaper that is widely read throughout India. It is managed by Sanjiv R. Desai which is owned by the [SSR Publication Private Limited].
 The Mo River is a river of Ghana and Togo and it arises in Togo and flows west forming a short part of the international boundary between Ghana and Togo. Mo River empties into Lake Volta in Ghana.
 Breislak is a lunar crater that lies within one crater diameter north-northwest of the crater Baco in the southern part of the Moon. To the north-northwest is the crater Barocius and to the west lies Clairaut. This crater was named in honor of geologist Scipione Breislak.The rim of Breislak has been heavily worn by subsequent impacts and several small craterlets lie along the outer wall.
 84 Plymouth Grove is a Grade II* listed neoclassical villa in Manchester England which was the residence of William and Elizabeth Gaskell from 1850 till their deaths in 1884 and 1865 respectively. The Gaskell household continued to occupy the villa after the deaths of Elizabeth and William.
 Cazenovia is a village in Richland and Sauk Counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 318 at the 2010 census. Of this 314 were in Richland County and only 4 were in Sauk County.
 Configurations is an academic journal establlished in 1993 and the official publication of the Society for Literature Science and Arts. It covers the study of discourse in science technology and medicine and investigates the relationship between literature and the arts and science and technology.
 Anthrenocerus Decoris is a species of beetles native to Australia. It is within the Anthrenocerus genus and the Dermestidae family.
 Chah-e Hajji Sabat 29 (Persian: چاه حاجي ثابت 29‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Ḩājjī Sābat 29) is a village in Doreh Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Pacific Koel (Eudynamys orientalis) also known as the Eastern Koel is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family. In Australia it is colloquially known as the Rainbird or Stormbird as its call is usually more prevalent before or during stormy weather.
 The James H. Brooks House is a historic house at 61 Columbus Avenue in Somerville Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built c. 1880 and is one of the finer examples of Second Empire architecture in the city. Set on a narrow lot it has a mansard roof pierced by dormers including an elaborate projecting dormer on the front facade.
 Auguste Renaud (October 18 1835 – July 7 1897) was a New Brunswick farmer and political figure. He represented Kent in the 1st Canadian Parliament as a Liberal member and was the first Acadian elected to the House of Commons.He was born in Bordeaux France in 1835 and settled near Bouctouche New Brunswick around 1850. In 1862 he married Cécile Léger. After his term in office he served as customs collector at Bouctouche until 1891.
 The Princeton Alumni Weekly (PAW) is a magazine published for the alumni of Princeton University. It was founded in 1900 and until 1977 it was the only weekly college alumni magazine in the United States. Upon changing to biweekly publication in 1977 the number of issues per year decreased from 28 to 21 and then later decreased to 17. It still remains the most frequently published alumni magazine in the world currently publishing 15 times per year.
 Moose Murders is a play by Arthur Bicknell self-described as a mystery farce.An immediate flop it is now widely considered the standard of awfulness against which all Broadway failures are judged and its name has become synonymous with those distinctively bad Broadway plays which open and close on the same night. It had its single performance (excluding its 13 previews) at the Eugene O'Neill Theatre on February 22 1983.
 Vidojevica (Serbian Cyrillic: Видојевица) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Prokuplje. Its highest peak Bandera has an elevation of 1155 meters above sea level. On the top of the mountain there is a new Astronomical Station of the Belgrade Observatory.
 The Art of Walking is the fourth Pere Ubu full-length. Mayo Thompson of The Red Krayola joined as guitarist for this album and slanted the proceedings further towards deconstruction and abstraction and away from the primal rock that former guitarist Tom Herman had facilitated. The group would record one more album with Thompson before disbanding.
 Frank Turner Live From Wembley is a Frank Turner concert video set for release on 3 September 2012. It was filmed on 13 April 2012 and the DVD was released on 3 September 2012. The DVD shows the full concert on the first disc while the second disc contains two documentaries and the promo video's for Frank's singles off his latest album England Keep My Bones.
 A Good Day is the second album by Jessica Molaskey the first recording done for her new label P.S. Classics. As can be said for all of her albums to date she is accompanied by her husband John Pizzarelli (an accomplished jazz singer and guitarist). Her father-in-law Bucky Pizzarelli also lent his guitar-playing expertise to this recording. This is probably her most swinging album to date filled with ballads and jazz standards.
 St. John's Church (Finnish: Johanneksenkirkko Swedish: Johanneskyrkan) in Helsinki Finland is a Lutheran church designed by the Swedish architect Adolf Melander in the Gothic Revival style. It is the largest stone church in Finland by seating capacity.Situated in the Ullanlinna district of Helsinki the church was built between 1888 and 1891 the third Lutheran church in Helsinki and still the biggest.
 Sir Malcolm Leslie Rifkind KCMG QC MP (born 21 June 1946) is a British Conservative Party politician and Member of Parliament for Kensington.
 The Columbine Work Station in Coronado National Forest near Safford Arizona was built in 1935 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architecture which is Bungalow/Craftsman style. It served historically as institutional housing. Two contributing buildings on 1 acre (4000 m2) were included in the NRHP listing.
 Simiskina phalena hayashii [1] is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Philippines (Bohol Leyte & Mindanao).
 Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Cabin Fever is a 2011 bestselling and award winning children's novel and the sixth book in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series written by American author Jeff Kinney. The book was released on November 15 2011 and was the fastest selling book of 2011 giving him the third strongest opening week sales for a children's author. Cabin Fever had a first printing run of six million copies which Amulet Books stated was one of their most significant titles for that year.
 Planet 51 is a 2009 English-language Spanish/British animated science fiction/family comedy film directed by Jorge Blanco written by Joe Stillman and starring Dwayne Johnson Jessica Biel Justin Long Gary Oldman Seann William Scott and John Cleese. Produced by Madrid-based Ilion Animation Studios and HandMade Films it was originally acquired for U.S. distribution by New Line Cinema but then sold to Sony before it was completed.
 David Hedley Ennals Baron Ennals PC (19 August 1922 – 17 June 1995) was a British Labour Party politician and campaigner for human rights. He served as Secretary of State for Social Services from 1976 to 1979.
 Na Žerinjah is a novel by Slovenian author Janko Kersnik. It was first published in 1876.
 All Flowers in Time is a 2010 short surrealist horror film directed by Jonathan Caouette. The plot centers on a television signal that possesses young children making them believe they can transform into other people or monsters. The film stars Chloë Sevigny and has been screened at several film festivals as of fall 2010. Although it shares a similar name the film's title is not directly connected to the Jeff Buckley song All Flowers in Time Bend Towards the Sun.
 Akballı is a village in the District of Posof Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Mantvilai is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County in southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 28 people.
 Mantidactylus peraccae is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family. The specific epithet honors Italian herpetologist Mario Giacinto Peracca.
 Macarlı Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Clinical Practice in Pediatric Psychology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of APA Division 54. It covers all aspects of pediatric psychology. The current editors-in-chief are Jennifer Shroff Pendley (Nemours/Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children) and W. Douglas Tynan (Nemours Health and Prevention Services). The journal was established in 2013 and is abstracted and indexed in PsycINFO.
 Powell Farm is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1794 and is a two-story five bay fieldstone vernacular Federal style farmhouse. It has a gable roof and a full width front porch.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism is a peer-reviewed scientific journal and the official journal of the International Society for Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism. It covers research on cerebral blood flow brain metabolism and neuroimaging. Since 2009 the editors-in-chief are Ulrich Dirnagl (Charité – Universitätsmedizin Berlin) and Martin Lauritzen (University of Copenhagen). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 5.398.
 Teodorówka [tɛɔdɔˈrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 153.
 Bukowa Woda is a river of Poland a tributary of the Lisi Potok.
 Esenyayla Göle is a village in the District of Göle Ardahan Province Turkey.
 The Incorporated Village of Lattingtown is a village located within the Town of Oyster Bay in Nassau County New York in the United States. The population was 1739 at the 2010 census. Initially Lattingtown was a marsh populated by Matinecock Indians who lived nearby. The Matinecocks sold the area in 1660 to Richard Latting and his son Josiah Latting. The Lattings sold marsh reeds for thatched-roof houses.
 The Shining is the fourth album by Long Beach California rapper RBX.
 Bliss is small lunar impact crater that is located just to the west of the dark-floored crater Plato. It lies in a region of continental terrain between Mare Imbrium to the south and Mare Frigoris to the north. This crater is bowl-shaped with a small interior floor at the midpoint and a somewhat eroded outer rim.In 2000 the IAU named this feature after Nathaniel Bliss the 4th Astronomer Royal.
 Bethel Church is a Mennonite Brethren Church in rural Yale South Dakota a member of the Central District of the Mennonite Brethren Church. Their mission statement is Working together for growing God's family a place where integrity is honored training is valued compassion is expected and outreach is emphasized.
 The Madidi titi or the golden palace monkey (Callicebus aureipalatii aureipalatii meaning of the Golden Palace) is a titi a kind of New World monkey discovered in western Bolivia's Madidi National Park in 2004.
 Twilight Children is the twenty-first book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
 Bhimapurwadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Pijevac is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Rhodophthitus is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Forbidden Tales of Dark Mansion was a horror-suspense-romance anthology comic book series published by DC Comics from 1971–1974 a companion to Secrets of Sinister House.
 José Tiburcio López Constante (< 1790 Mérida Yucatán - 25 September 1858 New Orleans Louisiana) was governor of Yucatán Mexico.Yucatan's first constitution was promulgated in 1825. Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna was removed as military commander of the area and immediately resigned as governor of Yucatan. At that point Lopez Constant was appointed by the Congress as the new governor.
 The Bush–Breyman Block located in Salem Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Live! is a 1993 live album by The Isley Brothers on Warner Bros. Records. Their final Warner album the Isleys sung all of their classic hits including It's Your Thing That Lady Between the Sheets Voyage to Atlantis Shout Take Me to the Next Phase Fight the Power and For the Love of You.
 Karkhaneh-ye Qand (Persian: كارخانه قند‎ also Romanized as Kārkhāneh-ye Qand) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Geograpsus severnsi is an extinct species of land crab from Hawaii. It died out shortly after humans colonized the Hawaiian Islands and is the first documented example of a crab becoming extinct in historical times.
 CentrePointe is residential commercial and retail development in Downtown Lexington Kentucky United States. The current plan as of 2013 consists of a 19 story high rise with surrounding low rise buildings.
 Nabeshima Naomasa (鍋島 直正 January 16 1815 – March 8 1871) was the 10th and final daimyō of Saga Domain in Hizen Province Kyūshū Japan. His honorary title was Hizen-no-Kami and he was occasionally referred to as “Prince Hizen” in western accounts during the Bakumatsu period.
 Kawada Koichiro (川田小一郎 October 4 1836— November 7 1896) was a Japanese businessman central banker and the 3rd Governor of the Bank of Japan (BOJ). He was created a Baron; and he was a member of Japan's House of Peers.
 Berlin Correspondent is a 1942 American film. Dana Andrews portrays an American radio correspondent reporting from within Nazi Germany whose principal source of information is an elderly philatelist. His reports prove so embarrassing to the regime that Captain von Rau sends his own fiancée Karen Hauen (Virginia Gilmore) to compromise the reporter.
 Joseph Hugh Allen (January 27 1940 – May 24 2008) was a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives from the industrial city of Baytown who fought for ethics reform. He was among the bipartisan Dirty Thirty lawmakers who in 1971 pushed for the ouster of Speaker Gus Mutscher of Brenham in Washington County who was subsequently convicted of accepting bribes in exchange for the passage of banking legislation in what is known as the Sharpstown scandal.
 The Davenport House is a Tudor Revival house built in 1921 in Greer South Carolina The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Dar Chaliti (Persian: درچليتي‎ also Romanized as Dar Chalītī) is a village in Geshmiran Rural District in the Central District of Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Offshore is the fifth full-length album by Early Day Miners released in 2006 on Secretly Canadian Records. Offshore is a continuous six-song exploration of the musical and lyrical themes presented in the band's song Offshore from their 2002 album Let Us Garlands Bring.
 Thyreophora cynophila commonly known as the bone skipper is a species of fly once thought to be the first fly to be driven to extinction by humans but rediscovered in 2009. It has a bright orange head and is associated with animal carcasses where the bones are broken open.
 Saneamento Básico (Portuguese for basic sanitation) is a 2007 Brazilian comedy film written and directed by Jorge Furtado. It stars Fernanda Torres Wagner Moura Camila Pitanga Bruno Garcia Lázaro Ramos Tonico Pereira and Paulo José.
 The Esther Moth (Hypagyrtis esther) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Massachusetts to Florida west to Texas north to Ohio.The wingspan is 25-45 mm. Adults are on wing from May to October and from July to August in Ohio.The larvae feed on the leaves of Pinus species.
 The Watcher is a 2000 American thriller film directed by Joe Charbanic and starring James Spader Marisa Tomei and Keanu Reeves. Set in Chicago the film is about a retired FBI agent who is stalked and taunted by a serial killer.
 Charles Emerson Howe (January 27 1846 – July 23 1911) was an American politician who served as the thirty eighth Mayor of Lowell Massachusetts.
 The Parthenice Tiger Moth (Grammia parthenice) is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Southeastern Canada and the eastern United States. The moths are common in fields and woodland edges from June to late September. The moth is nocturnal and is attracted to light sources.The wingspan is about 7.5 cm (3 inches. The forewings and the thorax are black with a complex network of bold white veining and white margins. The hind wings and abdomen are orange-pink with black patches.
 Urita is a village in Koonga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 In and of the Self is the debut album by Canadian metalcore band Buried Inside. It was released on Matlock Records in 1999.
 The Pagee River rises on the south eastern flank of Berry Hill (a 1655 ft (504 m) summit) just below the 1000 ft (300 m) contour at 18.29488°N 76.92817°W﻿ / 18.29488; -76.92817 near Crawle Pen in Saint Mary. It reaches the sea 14 miles (23 km) later at Pagee Beach (18.36845°N 76.87935°W﻿ / 18.36845; -76.87935) also in Saint Mary.
 Jacques Desallangre (born 6 September 1935 in Châlons-en-Champagne Marne) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Aisne department and is a member of the Gauche démocrate et républicaine. Formerly a left-wing independent he joined the new Left Party in November 2008.
 Calycina guineensis is a species of beetle in the Calycina genus. It was described in 1922.
 Cordillera Pelada (Spanish for Bald Range) is a mountain range in Osorno Province and southern Los Ríos Region southern Chile. It is located along the Pacific coast and forms part of the larger Chilean Coast Range. It got its name pelada from the Spanish word for bare or bald in reference to large fires that once burned the forests on the cordillera.
 The Hotel Pitti Palace al Ponte Vecchio is in the heart of Florence close to the Medieval Ponte Vecchio over the Arno River close to the Galleria degli Uffizi the Vasari Corridor and Palazzo Pitti.The hotel together with Hotel Laurus al Duomo Auditorium al Duomo and Caffè Astra al Duomo is part of the system Centro Congressi al Duomo and shares the ethos Life Beyond Tourism
 Janéa Noel Holmquist Newbry (born December 14 1974) is an American politician of the Republican Party. She is a member of the Washington State Senate representing the 13th Legislative District. She previously served in the Washington House of Representatives from 2001-2006.
 The Verdala Palace is the official summer residence of the President of Malta. It was built by Grandmaster Hugues Loubenx de Verdalle in 1586 on the site of a hunting lodge previously owned by Grandmaster Jean Parisot de Valette. The palace is known for its surrounding boschetto which is a large semi-landscaped area that was used by the Knights of Malta for game hunting. The palace was embellished over the years by Grandmaster Giovanni Paolo Lascaris and Grandmaster Manoel de Vilhena.
 Hajj Qeshlaq (Persian: حاج قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Ḩājj Qeshlāq; also known as Hāj Ḩājī Qeshlāq Ḩājjī Qeshlāq and Hāz Qishlāq) is a village in Ijrud-e Pain Rural District Halab District Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 35 families.
 David R. Lewis (born March 6 1971) is a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's 53rd House District since 2002. His district encompasses most of Harnett County including the City of Dunn and Towns of Angier Coats Erwin and Lillington .Additionally Lewis is currently the National Committeeman for the North Carolina Republican Party.
 Rig Cheshmeh (Persian: ريگ چشمه‎ also Romanized as Rīg Cheshmeh) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 29 families.
 The Commanding Self is a book by the writer Idries Shah published by the Octagon Press in 1994. A paperback edition was published in 1997.Shortly before he died Shah stated that his books form a complete course that could fulfil the function he had fulfilled while alive. As such The Commanding Self can be read as part of a whole course of study.Shah stated that The Commanding Self was 'the key to understanding his entire corpus of work.'
 California 37 is the sixth studio album from California rock band Train. The album was released on April 13 2012 through Columbia Records. It was preceded by the lead single Drive By on January 10 2012.
 The White Storm formerly known as The Cartel War (Chinese: 掃毒) is a 2013 Hong Kong-Chinese crime thriller film directed by Benny Chan and starring Sean Lau Louis Koo and Nick Cheung. The film had its world premiere at the 2013 Hong Kong Asian Film Festival on October 25 2013.
 Houston Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic church on AR 60 on the southwest side near the junction with AR 216 in Houston Arkansas.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 The Mediterranean Conference Centre is a building situated near the tip on the eastern side of Valletta. The building was formerly a hospital and was previously known as the Holy Infirmary. Today it is a convention centre used for multiple banquets exhibitions international conventions and theatrical shows.
 Eaton Hall is a large house in King City Ontario Canada built in the Norman style for Lady Eaton in 1937 on a 700 acre (2.8 km²) parcel of land (once the Fergueson farm). Lady Eaton and her husband Sir John Craig Eaton acquired the land in 1919 on recommendation from their friend Sir Henry Pellatt who owned the nearby Mary Lake property. Lady Eaton moved into Eaton Hall following the demolition of her city mansion Ardwold.
 Bradford House is an historic house at 54-56 Pine Street in Lewiston Maine.The house was built in 1876 and added to the National Historic Register in 1978.
 Don't Tread on Me is the eighth studio album by 311 which was released on August 16 2005. The first single Don't Tread On Me was released to radio on July 26 2005. It peaked at #2 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks and #1 on the R&R Panel Alternative chart.
 The Other Side of the Door is a 1916 American silent romantic drama directed by Tom Ricketts. Based on the novel of the same name by Lucia Chamberlain the film stars Harold Lockwood and May Allison.
 Kenwood Town Place is a shopping center located at corner of Montgomery (U.S. Route 22/Ohio State Route 3) and Kenwood Roads adjacent to Interstate 71 northeast of Cincinnati behind Kenwood Towne Centre.
 My Friend Ganesha 3 is an animated movie under the banner of BaBa Arts Limited production and which released on March 26 2010. It's a sequel to 2009 film My Friend Ganesha 2.
 The Four Companions (German:Die vier Gesellen) is a 1938 German drama film directed by Carl Froelich and starring Ingrid Bergman Sabine Peters and Carsta Löck. Jochen Huth adapted the script from his own play. The film was intended as a star vehicle to launch Bergman's career in Germany.
 Promise Not to Tell is a 2007 mystery novel with supernatural elements written by Vermont author Jennifer McMahon. The book was released in April 2007 in the US by Harper Paperbacks (an imprint of HarperCollins). It was released in Germany by Rowohlt Verlag under the title Das Madchen Im Wald (The Girl in the Woods) in October 2007. It was released in the United Kingdom by Orion Books in 2008.
 Georges-Honoré Deschênes (August 25 1841 – August 11 1892) was a farmer businessman and politician in Quebec. He represented Témiscouata in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1875 to 1890 as a Liberal and then Conservative member.He was born in Cacouna Canada East the adopted son of Hilary Gagnon and Adeline Pelletier and was educated there. He later moved with his adoptive family to Saint-Épiphane. In 1864 he married Suzanne Michaud.
 Schrankia nokowula is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the New Hebrides.
 To Mock a Mockingbird and Other Logic Puzzles: Including an Amazing Adventure in Combinatory Logic (1985 ISBN 0-19-280142-2) is a book by the mathematician and logician Raymond Smullyan. It contains many nontrivial recreational puzzles of the sort for which Smullyan is well known.
 Omung Kumar is directing and Sanjay Leela Bhansali is producing an untitled Mary Kom Bollywood biopic.
 Telamoptilia hemistacta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from India (Bihar) Taiwan Japan (the Ryukyu Islands) and Madagascar.The wingspan is about 7 mm.The larvae feed on Achyranthes species including Achyranthes aspera Achyranthes bidentata and Achyranthes japonica. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Kim Pearson (born 18 November 1962) is a Republican Iowa State Representative from the 42nd District. She has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2011. She was born in Nebraska and raised in Iowa.As of October 2011 Pearson serves on several committees in the Iowa House - the Education Education Oversight Education Oversight (Joint) Human Resources and Transportation committees.
 Strategies Against Architecture II is a retrospective double album by experimental artists Einstürzende Neubauten which was released in 1991.
 Irish Linen is the tenth of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley.
 203 East 29th Street is a historic house and carriage house located between Second and Third Avenues in the Kips Bay neighborhood of Manhattan New York City one of a small number of wooden houses that remain on Manhattan Island. The year the house was built is uncertain having been variously dated from as early as around 1790 to as late as 1870.The house which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 8 1982 is privately owned and not open to the public.
 Indian Creek is a tributary of the Elwha River located in Washington in the United States.Indian Creek flows from Lake Sutherland into the former Lake Aldwell. Historically Indian Creek supported runs of several anadromous salmon and trout species including all five species of Pacific Salmon.
 Peak 11272 at 11272 feet (3436 m) is the officially unnamed fifth highest peak of the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 1.25 mi (2.01 km) southeast of D. O. Lee Peak its line parent. The Big Boulder Lakes are located north of the peak.
 The Challenge is a 1982 American action film directed by John Frankenheimer and co-written by John Sayles. The film stars Scott Glenn and Toshirō Mifune.
 Sightseek (foaled 1999 in Kentucky) is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse and current broodmare. She was bred and raced by Khalid Abdullah's Juddmonte Farms and was trained by Bobby Frankel. Sightseek is a full-sister to Quest to Peak who produced the 1000 Guineas winner Special Duty.A winner of graded stakes races at age two in her ensuing three and four-year-old seasons Sightseek won seven Grade I races.
 Introducing... Belle & Sebastian is an EP released by Belle & Sebastian in 2008 on Jeepster Records. The EP was compiled from the band's earlier material ranging from their debut in 1996 to 2001.
 Cadlina dubia is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 Sarvavijnanakosam known in English as the Malayalam Encyclopaedia is a general encyclopedia in the Malayalam language. It is intended to be a a compendium of world knowledge covering over 32000 topics. The first volume was published in 1972 and currently 15 of the 20 volumes have been published. It is published by the State Institute of Encyclopaedic Publications.
 The Aline IOOF Lodge No. 263 is an Odd Fellows building in Aline Oklahoma that was built in 1930. It has served historically as a clubhouse as a restaurant and as a specialty store. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It is one of four historic surviving Odd Fellows buildings in Alfalfa County that were subject of a 1983 study. The others are the Carmen IOOF Lodge No. 84 and the Carmen IOOF Home in Carmen and the Cherokee IOOF Lodge No. 219 in Cherokee.
 Girls' Club Foundation (Girls' Club) is a non-profit art foundation and alternative art space located in downtown Fort Lauderdale. Contemporary art works in painting drawing photography and video are presented in curated thematic exhibitions which also include works loaned from other collectors galleries and artists.
 The Uptown Theater in Philadelphia Pennsylvania also known as Uptown Theater and Office Building is an Art Deco building built in 1927. It was designed by the Philadelphia based architectural firm of Magaziner Eberhard & Harris. The Uptown Theater is located on 2240 N. Broad Street. It became a major venue on the chitlin circuit from 1951-1978.
 Downs Mountain (13349 ft (4069 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Downs Mountain is the 15th highest peak in Wyoming. The summit is on the Continental Divide in both Shoshone and Bridger-Teton National Forests. The East Torrey Glacier is on the northern slopes of Downs Mountain while Continental Glacier lies to the west and north and the Downs Glacier is 1 mi (1.6 km) to the south.
 Doe or Die: 15th Anniversary is the 15th anniversary edition of rapper AZ's debut album Doe or Die which was released in 1995 and received critical acclaim from music outlets. The album was released on November 30 2010.
 The Chocolay River is a 21.7-mile-long (34.9 km) tributary of Lake Superior in Marquette County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It forms at the confluence of its West and East Branches west of Skandia and flows generally north then west to Lake Superior at the village of Harvey 3 miles (5 km) southeast of the city of Marquette.
 The Rosy Minor (Mesoligia literosa) is a moth of the family Noctuidae.It is found throughout Europe north Africa and western Asia.The wingspan is 23–30 mm.The moth flies in July and August.The larvae overwinter and feed on various grasses including glaucous sedge and cock's-foot.
 The grove snail or brown-lipped snail (Cepaea nemoralis) is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc. It is one of the most common species of land snail in Europe and has been introduced to North America.Cepaea nemoralis is the type species of the genus Cepaea.It is used as a model organism in citizen science projects.
 Album – Generic Flipper is the debut album by the San Francisco band Flipper. In November 2007 Blender magazine ranked it #86 on their list of the 100 greatest indie rock albums of all time. It is also referred to as Album Album: Generic Generic Flipper and just Generic.
 The confused flour beetle (Tribolium confusum) a type of darkling beetle known as a flour beetle is a common pest insect known for attacking and infesting stored flour and grain. They are one of the most common and most destructive insect pests for grain and other food products stored in silos warehouses grocery stores and homes.
 Poikkal Kudhirai is a 1983 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by K. Balachander and produced by Kalaivani. Starring Viji and Raveendran the film had Ramakrishna and lyricist Vaali making their acting debuts. Kamal Haasan appeared in a guest role in the film. Poikkal Kudhirai was a comedy film based on Crazy Mohan's play Marriage Made in Saloon.
 The Šventoji River (About this sound pronunciation ; literally: The Holy One) is the longest river that flows entirely within Lithuania and the largest tributary of the Neris River. It originates from the Lake Samanis in the Gražutė Regional Park and flows into Neris near Jonava. The longest tributary of the Šventoji is the Širvinta River.The Šventoji passes through the cities of Anykščiai Kavarskas and Ukmergė.
 Shakti with John McLaughlin is the first album by Shakti described as another brain blowing achievement by Agha Yasir [1].
 Lost In Woonsocket is a documentary feature film directed by John Chester. It stars Chester and Andre Miller co-creators of the A&E Network documentary series Random 1 from which the film draws much of its content. It concerns Mark and Normand characters featured in episodes 4 and 10 of Random 1's single season and their attempts to stay sober after being brought out of destitution by Chester Miller and the Random 1 organization.
 Tokyo Skytree (東京スカイツリー Tōkyō Sukaitsurī) is a broadcasting restaurant and observation tower in Sumida Tokyo Japan.
 Cycloptilum is a genus of insect in family Gryllidae. It contains the following species: Cycloptilum irregularis
 Odostomia lutea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures: A Visual Who's Who of Prehistoric Life is an encyclopedia that was published in 1999 by Simon & Schuster.
 Pursuit of Radical Rhapsody is an album by Italian-American jazz fusion and Latin jazz guitarist Al Di Meola released in 2011.
 The Antitrust Law Journal is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Bar Association Section of Antitrust Law. The editors-in-chief are Tara Isa Koslov and J. Robert Robertson.
 Schön! Magazine is an English-language fashion magazine launched in June 2009 and currently based in London England. It is a quarterly publication and is available in print as well as online iPad and iPhone and for download on the magazine's website. The title in German means beautiful.According to its website its goal is showcasing a dynamic and diverse array of ideas and talent in art and fashion.
 Mosty [ˈmɔstɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska within Lębork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Nowa Wieś Lęborska 3 km (2 mi) east of Lębork and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1601.
 David is a 1979 West German film by director Peter Lilienthal. It tells the story of a rabbi's son in Germany during the Holocaust who tries to raise money to escape to Mandate Palestine.
 Sammy & Sue Go Green Too! is the first in a series of children's books by Suzanne Sue Corso and her daughter Samantha Sammy Corso intended to raise awareness about environmentally friendly living.The book includes a glossary which aims to explain the more complicated scientific vocabulary to children; the book is aimed at five to nine year-olds.
 Porcellio uljanini is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that is endemic to Ukraine.
 Terebra oculata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Charles Francis Swift (June 18 1825 – May 1 1903) was an American state politician and newspaper editor from Massachusetts. He served in the Massachusetts Senate Massachusetts House of Representatives and was also collector of customs for the district of Barnstable.
 Bill Gunn Dam 1.5 km (0.93 mi) west of the town of Laidley in South East Queensland was developed to increase the capacity of the existing Lake Dyer a natural lake adjacent to Laidley Creek a tributary of Lockyer Creek. The dam was named after the Australian politician Bill Gunn and is managed by SunWater.The 1170 m (3840 ft) long earthfill structure has a maximum height of 12 m (39 ft) and an overflow spillway which diverts excess water into Laidley Creek.
 Christian the Christian is the seventh album of Lackthereof the solo project of Danny Seim a founding member of Menomena.
 Food & Wine is a monthly magazine published by Time Inc. It was founded in 1978 by Ariane and Michael Batterberry. It features recipes cooking tips travel information restaurant reviews chefs wine pairings and seasonal/holiday content and has been credited by The New York Times with introducing the dining public to Perrier the purple Peruvian potato and Patagonian toothfish.The premier event for the magazine is the Food & Wine Classic in Aspen Colorado.
 David Bibb Graves (April 1 1873–March 14 1942) was a Democratic politician and the 38th Governor of Alabama 1927-1931 and 1935–1939 the first Alabama governor to serve two four-year terms.
 Amir Nosrat'ollah Balakhanlou (Persian: اميرنصرت الله بالاخانلو‎) (1917 – May 20 2007) was an Iranian (Persian) politician. Born in Tehran he served as a two-time Mayor and MP for Hamedan in 1950s and early 1960s.
 Vishwanath Pratap Singh (25 June 1931 – 27 November 2008) was the eighth Prime Minister of India and the 41st Raja Bahadur of Manda.
 Poisson d'avril (English: April Fools) is a French comedy film from 1954 directed by Gilles Grangier written by Michel Audiard starring Zappy Max and Louis de Funès.
 The Goldwyn Follies is a 1938 Technicolor film written by Ben Hecht Sid Kuller Sam Perrin and Arthur Phillips with music by George Gershwin Vernon Duke and Ray Golden and lyrics by Ira Gershwin. Some sources credit Kurt Weill as one of the composers but this is apparently incorrect.
 Prionapteryx lancerotella is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 17-20 mm.
 Dolley Payne Todd Madison (May 20 1768 – July 12 1849) was the wife of James Madison President of the United States from 1809 to 1817. She was noted for her social gifts which boosted her husband’s popularity as President. In this way she did much to define the role of the President’s spouse known only much later by the title First Lady—a function she had sometimes performed earlier for the widowed Jefferson.Dolley Madison also helped to furnish the newly constructed White House.
 Donnea Castle (Dutch: Kasteel de Donnea) is a castle in the village Guigoven municipality of Kortessem eastern Belgium. The main building was built in 1801-1802.
 Boy Friend is a 1961 Hindi movie directed by Naresh Saigal. The film stars Shammi Kapoor Madhubala and Dharmendra. The film's music is by Shankar Jaikishan.
 The Dungeons & Dragons Rules Cyclopedia was published by TSR Inc. in 1991 as a continuation of the basic edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game which ran concurrently with Advanced Dungeons & Dragons. Its product designation was TSR 1071.
 Absdale is a village in the Dutch province of Zeeland. It is a part of the municipality of Hulst and lies about 32 km southwest of Bergen op Zoom.The statistical area Absdale which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 150.
 Lake Peipus (Estonian: Peipsi järv Pihkva järv; Russian: Псковско-Чудское озеро (Pskovsko-Chudskoe ozero) German: Peipussee) is the biggest transboundary lake in Europe on the border between Estonia (part of European Union) and Russia.The lake is the fifth largest in Europe after Lake Ladoga and Lake Onega in Russia north of St. Petersburg Lake Vänern in Sweden and Lake Saimaa in Finland.Lake Peipus is a remnant of a body of water which existed in this area during an Ice Age.
 Catene is a 1974 Italian melodramatic film directed by Silvio Amadio. The film is the remake of the 1949 top grossing film with the same title by Raffaello Matarazzo. It was a commercial failure grossing about 60 millions of lire.
 Ashok Shekar Ganguly CBE noted industry expert and former chairman of Hindustan Lever is a nominated member of the Rajya Sabha. His term ends on 17 November 2015.
 Semmangudi is a village in Kodavasal taluk Tiruvarur district Tamil Nadu. It is the home of many carnatic singers. The popular carnatic singer Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer is from this town.
 Magic for Beginners is a collection of nine works of fantasy and light horror short fiction by Kelly Link. The stories were all previously published in other venues from 2002 to 2005.The book won the 2006 Locus Award for best short story collection. The title story Magic for Beginners won the 2006 Nebula Award and 2006 Locus Award for best novella and the 2006 British SF Award for best short fiction.
 Classic Bike is a UK motorcycle magazine. Launched in 1978 it is noted for coverage of all makes of classic motorcycles including US and Japanese models and one-off specials. Previous editors have included Mike Nicks John Pearson Phillip Tooth Brian Crichton and Hugo Wilson. The current (2013) editor is Ben Miller. Under the banner real bikes for blokes with spanners it has an emphasis on practical hands-on motorcycling.
 Sings Spirituals is the fourth studio album by B. B. King in 1959.
 The Zadorra is a river tributary of the Ebro in the Basque Country at the north of the Iberian Peninsula. The river flows across province Álava all along (with the exception of Burgos' exclave La Puebla de Arganzon) till it pours into the Ebro near Miranda de Ebro in Burgos' lands. The river's water volume is the largest in Álava with its basin being the most extensive in the province.
 Tomie (富江) is a Japanese horror manga series written and illustrated by Junji Ito. The manga has been adapted into a live action film series with nine installments to date. Tomie was Ito's first published work he originally submitted to Monthly Halloween a shōjo magazine in 1987 which led to winning the Kazuo Umezu award.
 The Mohoi River is a tributary of the Bătătura Cailor River in Romania.
 John Parmenter Robarts PC CC QC (January 11 1917 – October 18 1982) was a Canadian lawyer and statesman and the 17th Premier of Ontario.
 Torre del Café (English: Coffee Tower) also known as Edificio del Café (English: Coffee Building) is a 36-storey high-rise commercial office skyscraper in the city municipality of Medellin. Although the starting date of its construction is unknown the Torre del Café was completed in 1975. Torre del Café is 160 metres (520 feet) high.
 Daughter of the Dragon is a 1931 American film directed by Lloyd Corrigan released by Paramount Pictures and starring Anna May Wong as Princess Ling Moy Sessue Hayakawa as Ah Kee and Warner Oland as Dr. Fu Manchu (for his third and final feature appearance in the role excluding a gag cameo in Paramount on Parade). The film was made to capitalize on Sax Rohmer's then current book The Daughter of Fu Manchu which Paramount did not own rights to adapt.
 von Baeyer is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar near side near the southern pole. The crater is located directly adjacent to Svedberg crater and Northeast and South of prominent craters Scott and Demonax respectively. Baeyer was adopted and named after German chemist Adolf von Baeyer by the IAU in 2009.
 Clayton Douglass Buck (March 21 1890 – January 27 1965) was an American engineer and politician from New Castle Hundred New Castle County Delaware. He was a veteran of World War I and a member of the Republican Party who served two terms as Governor and one term as U. S. Senator from Delaware. He was known by his middle name.
 XChange (also spelled: Xchange and X Change) is a 2000 Canadian science fiction thriller film directed by Allan Moyle.
 The Orphan of Zhao (Chinese: 趙氏孤兒; pinyin: Zhaoshi gu'er) is a Chinese play from the Yuan era attributed to the thirteenth-century dramatist Ji Junxiang (紀君祥). The play has as its full name The Great Revenge of the Orphan of Zhao (趙氏孤兒大報仇 Zhaoshi guer da bao chou). The play is classified in the zaju genre of dramas. It revolves around the central theme of revenge.
 Alaus is a genus of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae.
 Krotoszyn [krɔˈtɔʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south-east of Barcin 18 km (11 mi) east of Żnin and 31 km (19 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 527.
 Dragonfly in Amber is the second book in the best-selling Outlander series written by Diana Gabaldon. Her books are difficult to classify by genre since they contain elements of romantic fiction historical fiction and science fiction. The stories center around a time-travelling 20th-century nurse (Claire Randall) and her 18th-century Scottish husband (Jamie Fraser) and are located in Scotland France the West Indies and America.
 Count to Ten (Spanish: Contar hasta diez) is a 1985 Argentine drama film directed by Oscar Barney Finn. It was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Bandelier CCC Historic District also known as Bandelier Buildings and Frijoles Canyon Lodge is a historic district within Bandelier National Monument that preserves a set of architecturally significant park buildings.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987.
 Thaai Magalukku Kattiya Thaali (Tamil: தாய் மகளுக்குக் கட்டிய தாலி) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran and Jamuna in the lead roles and directed by R. R. Chandran who also was a well known cinematographer in his time. The film was released in the year 1959.
 Superman (Malayalam: സൂപ്പർമാൻ) is 1997 Malayalam film by Rafi Mecartin starring Jayaram and Shobana in lead roles. The film was produced and distributed by Siddique Lal and Azeez under the banner of Kavyachandrika Release.
 Cheilotoma voriseki is a species of leaf beetles from the subfamily Cryptocephalinae. It can be found in Turkey on Mount Nemrut in Adıyaman.
 Not Quite Dead Enough is a Nero Wolfe double mystery by Rex Stout published in 1944 by Farrar & Rinehart Inc. The volume contains two novellas that first appeared in The American Magazine: Not Quite Dead Enough (abridged December 1942) Booby Trap (August 1944)These two stories have the distinction of being the only two stories where Archie Goodwin Wolfe's live-in employee in all the other Nero Wolfe stories wears the uniform of the United States Army.
 Hesar Bon (Persian: حصاربن‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār Bon) is a village in Hablerud Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 946 in 284 families.
 Hlízov is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 The Forest Route 157–Tamarack River Bridge also known as the San Souci Bridge is a bridge located on Federal Forest Highway 157 over the Tamarack River in Stambaugh Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The African Collared Dove (Streptopelia roseogrisea) is a small dove found in Africa in the arid region south of the Sahara. Its range extends in a band right across the continent and into southern Arabia. Although it lives in arid lands it is found around water sources.This bird is typically around 26 cm in length. Its upper body from shoulders to tail is a pale grayish brown though the wing edge has a bluish tinge. Flight feathers are darker and nearly black.
 Amudhey is a Tamil film released in 2005. It was directed by Ezhil. Starring Jai Akash Madhumitha and Pranathi in lead roles.
 The Tușnad River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Tehuacana Creek is a river in Texas.
 Gaunshahar (Nepali: ne:गाउँशहर) is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6172 people living in 1260 individual households.
 Der jüdische Arbeiter ('The Jewish Worker') was a Labour Zionist newspaper published from Vienna 1927-1934. It was the organ of the Poale Zion organization in Austria. It substituted the Poale Zion publication Unsere Tribüne (published 1924-1926). It was initially published once every two weeks but became a weekly in 1933. Julius Mamber was the editor of Der jüdische Arbeiter.
 Stańków [ˈstaɲkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Joseph Oliver (1852 – January 8 1922) was Mayor of Toronto from 1908 to 1909.Born in Erin Ontario Oliver lived in Toronto since he was three years old. He worked in the lumber business. He was elected to the School Board in 1885 and to the Toronto City Council in 18951901 19021903 (also Board of Control) and 1906. He was elected mayor in 1908 and 1909. He was President of the Canadian National Exhibition Association in 1914 and 1915.
 Christoph Meineke (* March 13 1979 in Hanover) is a German non-party politician and since January 2007 the first directly elected strong mayor of the municipality of Wennigsen (Deister).
 Honoré Brunelle Tourigny (September 23 1857 – September 25 1918) was a surveyor engineer and political figure in Quebec. He represented Nicolet in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1888 to 1890 as a Conservative.He was born in Gentilly Canada East the son of Honoré Tourigny and Célina Brunelle and was educated at the Collège de Nicolet where he received a degree in civil engineering and surveying. Tourigny was surveyor for the town of Trois-Rivières and chief engineer for the St.
 Stensioella heintzi (Heintz's Little Stensio) is an enigmatic placoderm of arcane affinity. It is only known from the Lower Devonian Hunsrück slates of Germany where the only specimens have been found.
 Coleophora seminella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Nova Scotia and Ontario.The larvae feed on the leaves of Aster species. They create a trivalved tubular silken case.
 Musa bey Rafiyev Haji Mammadhuseyn oglu (Azerbaijani: Musa bəy Rəfiyev Hacı Məmmədhüseyn oğlu; 1888–1938) also known as Musa bey Rafibeyli (Azerbaijani: Musa bəy Rəfibəyli) was an Azerbaijani statesman who served as Special Minister in care of Social Security and Refugee Affairs in the second cabinet Minister of Social Security and Healthcare in the fourth cabinet of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic and was member of Azerbaijani National Council and later Parliament of Azerbaijan.
 Beduino (1968–1991) was a registered Thoroughbred stallion who was a famous sire of Quarter Horses.
 Azincourt is an historical novel written by Bernard Cornwell. The book relates the events leading to the Battle of Agincourt through its protagonist Nicholas Hook. In the United States it was published under the title Agincourt.
 Amazing Grace is a novel by Danielle Steel published by Random House in October 2007. The book is Steel's seventy-third novel.
 Ocean Swell (1941–1954) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1943 to 1945 he ran fifteen times and won six races. As a three-year-old 1944 he won the New Derby a wartime substitute for the Epsom Derby run at Newmarket. He later developed into a specialist stayer winning the Jockey Club Cup in the Autumn of 1944 and the Gold Cup at the following summer. He was then retired to stud where he had limited success.
 The Sugar Pine Tortrix (Choristoneura lambertiana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Eastern parts of North America and the North of the United States (see subspecies section for more information).The wingspan is 18–23 mm.The larvae of Choristoneura lambertiana lambertiana feed on Pinus lambertiana. Subspecies Choristoneura lambertiana ponderosana prefers Pinus ponderosa and Pinus flexilis.
 Rajapart Rangadurai (English: Rangadurai in King's Attire) is a 1973 Tamil Drama Film directed by P.Mathavan and stars Sivaji Ganesan and Ushanandini.It narrates the story about a poor drama actor. It is a film on theatre artists who in time have been ignored they play all roles from mythology characters to patriotic people but fail to appeal a modern genre of viewers who part their ways to more glamour and glitter.
 Ivanjska (Cyrillic: Ивањска) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Orange Crush is Tim Dorsey's third novel and the first not to star Serge A. Storms as the main character. It is a frequently dark spoof of the politics of Florida and the United States' involvement in the Balkans.
 Ab Surakh (Persian: آب سوراخ‎ also Romanized as Āb Sūrākh) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 33 families.
 The Theriaca (Ancient Greek: Θηριακά) is the longest surviving work of the 2nd-century BC Greek poet Nicander of Colophon.It is a 958-line hexameter poem describing the nature of venomous creatures including snakes spiders and scorpions and the wounds that they inflict.Nicander also wrote the companion work Alexipharmaca which explored other poisons and venoms.
 Fuaim is the sixth album by Irish folk group Clannad. It was released in 1982. It was produced by Nicky Ryan and was the last Clannad album to feature younger sister Eithne Ní Bhraonáin (Enya). It is also the only Clannad album to credit her; while she performed keyboard and backing vocals on Crann Úll she was not credited for this. She departed along with Mr. Ryan shortly thereafter to begin a solo career.
 The Donner Party is a 1992 documentary film that traces the history of the Donner Party an ill-fated pioneer group from Springfield Illinois to Sutter's Fort California - a disastrous journey of 2500 miles made famous by the tales of cannibalism the survivors told upon reaching their destination. The film narrated by David McCullough premiered at the Telluride Film Festival in September 1992 and aired on PBS as part of the American Experience program in October 1992.
 Freakish is the second studio album by English rock band Joe Gideon & The Shark. It was released in January 2013 under Bronzerat Records.
 Piz Fora is a mountain of the Bernina Range (Alps) located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. Its summit has an elevation of 3363 metres (11033 ft) and is the tripoint between the valleys of Val Fedoz and Val Fex (both in Graubünden) and Val Malenco (in Lombardy).
 This article describes the eleventh album in the Israeli Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 11 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 11 was released on February 23 2006. The album is the 11th edition of the Israeli Now! series.
 Frygnowo [frɨɡˈnɔvɔ] (German Frögenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of Ostróda and 41 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Lindley Wood Reservoir is located in the Washburn valley north of Otley in Yorkshire England. It was built between 1869 and 1876. The capacity is about 750 million gallons.It was the first of a chain of four reservoirs built along the River Washburn.
 Piegonisko-Wieś [pjɛɡɔˈniskɔ ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Terroreign (Apocalyptic Armageddon Command) is the sixth studio album by Singaporean black metal band Impiety released in 2009 through Agonia Records. The album is made available as regular jewel case limited edition digipak with sticker and vinyl. The latter is pressed to 750 limited copies; 100 on white 400 on regular black LP and the rest 250 copies as picture disc. All vinyl version comes with an A3 landscape poster of Impiety with some bearing Shyaithan's signature.
 Pierre Karl Péladeau (born October 16 1961) is the former president and CEO of Quebecor Inc. Quebecor Media Inc. and Sun Media Corporation. He is the Parti Québécois MNA-elect for Saint-Jérôme.
 Scaphidiinae is a subfamily of Staphylinidae.
 Not Since Carrie: 40 Years of Broadway Musical Flops is a book by Ken Mandelbaum that describes and analyzes various flops throughout Broadway history including the infamous Carrie: The Musical.Jesuit High School created FLOPS: The Musical a musical revue based on the book.
 Kochowo [kɔˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Słupca and 70 km (43 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Get Down or Lay Down is the debut album by Philly's Most Wanted released on August 7 2001 through Atlantic Records. The majority of the album was produced by The Neptunes.The album featured three charting singles the most successful of which was Cross the Border which peaked at 98 on the Billboard Hot 100 and 3 on the Billboard Hot Rap Singles. Y'all Can't Never Hurt Us and Please Don't Mind both found success on the Rap charts reaching 13 and 12 on the chart respectively.
 Los alegres Aguilares (The Cheerful Aguilares) is a 1967 Mexican film. It stars Antonio Aguilar.The adventurer Manuel comes across Carlos who is almost his identical twin. Manuel comes from a rich family so he offers Carlos some money to pass himself off as him for a young woman that wants to marry him. Carlos asks him to return the favor.Starring: Antonio Aguilar Crox AlvaradoDirected by: Miguel ZacariasRuntime: 1 hour 37 minutesRelease year: 1905Studio: Veranda Entertainment
 Sarat Chandra Kuthi (Bengali: শরত্চন্দ্র কুঠী) was the house of Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay and is located in Samtaber (Samta)  Howrah in the Indian state of West Bengal. Sarat Chandra was born into poverty in Debanandapur Hooghly West Bengal in India but he spent the early years of his lifetime as a novelist in this house. His house in Samta is known as Sarat Chandra Kuthi in the locality.
 Juliomys is a genus of South American rodents of the family Cricetidae. Four species are known all found in Argentina and Brazil. They are as follows: Juliomys anoblepas (extinct) Juliomys ossitenuisJuliomys pictipes (Lesser Wilfred's mouse)Juliomys rimofrons (Cleft-headed juliomys)↑
 Nandalala (Tamil: நந்தலாலா ) is a 2010 Tamil drama film written and directed by Mysskin. His himself essays the lead role alongside newcomer Ashwath Ram and Snigdha Akolkar.
 Dousman is a village in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States. The population was 2302 at the 2010 census.
 Cesko-narodni sin-Milligan Auditorium also known as Milligan Auditorium is an historic building located in Milligan Nebraska that was built in 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 29 1996. The building serves as a meeting hall for the Czech community. It historically hosted dances Sokol events films and Czech theater.
 Gagrellopsis nodulifera is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 The Daily Targum is the official student newspaper of Rutgers University the State University of New Jersey. Founded in 1869 it is the second-oldest collegiate newspaper in the United States. The Daily Targum is student written and managed and boasts a circulation of 18000. In its current form it exists as a bi-fold tabloid-style paper featuring international national local and university news as well as editorials columns comics classifieds sports and other amusements.
 Doll Revolution is the fourth album by The Bangles it was their first original material since 1988's Everything.
 William J. Cameron (Cam) Kirby Q.C. (January 12 1909 – June 27 2003) was an Alberta politician leader of the Conservative Party barrister Queen's Counsel and a Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench.Born in Calgary. Kirby's great grandfather Charles Kirby (1805–1870) came to Canada as a soldier in a regiment from Yorkshire England at the time of the Rebellion of 1837 in Upper Canada and settled in Whitby.
 Things Could be Worse is an autobiographical novel by Lily Brett about a family of Polish Jews who migrated to Melbourne in the late 1940s.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic church on E. Main Street in Battleboro North Carolina.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register in 1971.
 Nelda Martinez (born July 22 1961) is the current mayor of Corpus Christi Texas.People who work closely with Nelda Martinez speak of her determination her commitment to do things right and her ability to bring people together. Whether it building her own business or it is public service Nelda approaches each task with the same determination and energy.Nelda founded and served as President of First American Closing Office and later sold the successful business to Stewart Title.
 Alexander Morrison (January 15 1851 – January 24 1930) was a Canadian farmer and politician.Born in Kemptville Canada West the son of William Morrison and Elizabeth Morrow Morrison attended public school and then became a farmer in Homewood Manitoba. He was Reeve of the Rural Municipality of Dufferin for six years before being elected to the Canadian House of Commons for Macdonald in a 1912 by-election.
 Pterygia scabricula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Edward John Stanley 2nd Baron Stanley of Alderley PC (13 November 1802 – 16 June 1869) known as The Lord Eddisbury between 1848 and 1850 was a British politician.
 Conus gabrielae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 California Automobile Museum formerly the Towe Auto Museum is an automobile museum located in Sacramento California. It has a collection of over 160 classic cars race cars muscle cars hot rods and early models displayed throughout 72000 square feet (6700 m2) of museum space.
 Balkan is a village in Stambolovo Municipality in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Tottori Castle (鳥取城 Tottori-jō) was the central castle of the Tottori han (fief) in feudal Japan. It was a yamashiro or mountain-castle built into the mountain itself using natural obstacles and defenses to a greater extent than man-made walls.
 Mount Collins is a mountain in the Great Smoky Mountains located in the Southeastern United States. It has an elevation of 6188 feet (1886 m) above sea level. Located along the Appalachian Trail between Clingmans Dome and Newfound Gap the mountain is a popular destination for thru-hikers. A backcountry shelter and a major trail junction are located along the mountain's northeastern slope.
 The Old Marengo County Courthouse built in 1850 is a Greek Revival courthouse building located in Linden Alabama U.S.A.. It was the third building to serve as the courthouse for Marengo County Alabama out of a total of five purpose-built courthouses. The courthouse was the site of a notable event on 9 October 1890 when nationally infamous train-robber and outlaw Reuben Houston Rube Burrow was shot and killed in the street in front of the building.
 Pipizella maculipennis is a species of Hoverfly from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera.
 Hypseleotris kimberleyensis the Barnett River gudgeon is a species of sleeper goby endemic to Australia where it is only known from the Barnett River system of Kimberley Western Australia. Its preferred habitat is rocky pools and streams. This species can reach a length of 6 centimetres (2.4 in) SL.
 Joe Higgins (born 20 May 1949) is an Irish Socialist Party politician. In the 2011 general election he was elected to Dáil Éireann as Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin West constituency having previously served in that capacity from 1997 to 2007. He was also a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the Dublin constituency from 2009 to 2011 the first Socialist Party MEP.
 Dino Dvornik is the epymous debut album by the late Croatian singer Dino Dvornik. Released in 1989 the album is a mix of R&B synthpop and pop rock. The album was highly successful selling 750000 copies.
 Air Master (エアマスター Ea Masutā) is a seinen manga written and illustrated by Yokusaru Shibata. The story focuses on Maki Aikawa an ex-gymnast turned street fighter. The manga was serialized in the Hakusensha magazine Young Animal from 1997 to 2006 and has been collected into 28 tankōbon (bound volumes). A 27-episode anime adaptation was produced by Toei Animation and originally aired on Japan's Nippon Television from April 1 to September 23 2003.
 Happy Days is the third full-length album by the English alternative rock band Catherine Wheel released in 1995 (see 1995 in music).
 Stand Up! (see 1979 in music) was The Archers fifth studio album and fourth Light Records release. It was co-produced by Elvis Presley’s TCB Band keyboardist Larry Muhoberac and studio engineer John Guess.Stand Up! was the first album in which former female vocalist Nancye Short-Tsapralis did not participate. Although Tsapralis sang background vocals on the prior Fresh Surrender project (un-credited) Janice Archer’s voice was used on female leads.
 Places I Have Never Been is the third studio album and first in ten years by singer/songwriter Willie Nile.
 Zakrzówek [zaˈkʂuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Zwoleń and 106 km (66 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 290 people.
 Warhorse is the debut album by English hard rock band Warhorse. The album was re-released on vinyl in 1984 under the name Vulture Blood.
 Abiel Foster (August 8 1735 – February 6 1806) was an American clergyman and statesman from Canterbury New Hampshire. He represented New Hampshire in the Continental Congress and the U.S. Congress.
 James Anthony Merlino (born 19 August 1972) is an Australian politician serving as the member for Monbulk in the Victorian Legislative Assembly as a member of the Australian Labor Party.Merlino was elected at the 2002 state election defeating Steve McArthur. Merlino comfortably retained his seat at the state election in 2006 and became the Minister for Sport and Recreation and Youth Affairs securing a place in cabinet.
 Szymany [ʂɨˈmanɨ] (German: Gross Schiemanen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno within Szczytno County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Szczytno and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 550.According to Associated Press Szymany harbors a secret CIA prison.
 Challenger Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the north slopes of Mount Challenger. Challenger Glacier descends from 8000 to 5000 ft (2400 to 1500 m). Over 2 mi (3.2 km) wide Challenger Glacier descends along a wide terminus with heavy crevassing and numerous icefalls with a tongue of the glacier in the north descending to a proglacial lake. The ascent up Challenger Glacier is one of the most common routes to the summit of Mount Challenger.
 The Simple Greenbul (Chlorocichla simplex) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Togo and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
 How Green Is the Valley is the second studio album of The Men They Couldn't Hang. It was released in 1986 after the band were signed to MCA records following the success of their previous album Night of a Thousand Candles. It is the last album to feature co-founder Shanne Bradley on bass guitar.
 Mršinci is a village in the municipality of Čačak Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1359 people.
 The Steam Man of the Prairies by Edward S. Ellis was the first U.S. science fiction dime novel and archetype of the Frank Reade series. It is one of the earliest examples of the so-called Edisonade genre. Ellis was a prolific 19th century author best known as a historian and biographer and a source of early heroic frontier tales in the style of James Fenimore Cooper. This novel may be inspired by the steam powered invention of Zadoc Dederick.
 Power of a Woman is the second studio album by the British R&B vocal group Eternal released in 1995. It was the band's first album to feature without former member Louise who left the group to pursue a solo career.
 What Exit is an album by violinist Mark Feldman with pianist John Taylor bassist Anders Jormin and drummer Tom Rainey recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM label
 Grabarka [ɡraˈbarka] (Ukrainian: Грабарка Hrabarka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Nurzec-Stacja 9 km (6 mi) east of Siemiatycze and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 50.
 St. Andrew's Church Chale is a parish church in the Church of England located in Chale Isle of Wight.
 The Greenish Naked-backed Fruit Bat (Dobsonia viridis) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Col des Mosses (el. 1445 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Swiss Alps at Les Mosses in the canton of Vaud linking Aigle to Château-d'Œx.The Alpine Pass Route hiking trail passes through Col des Mosses on the way to Montreux.
 St John the Baptist Church Kirk Hammerton is an Church of England church located in the village of Kirk Hammerton North Yorkshire England. Its origins are thought to be Saxon. The Saxon part of the church which now forms the Lady Chapel is believed to have been built in the 9th century with the tower being added in around 950AD. There were alterations carried out around 1150; in 1892 the building was significantly extended and the interior is richly decorated in a Pre-Raphaelite style.
 A Public Space is a nonprofit quarterly English-language literary magazine based in Brooklyn New York. First published in April 2006. A Public Space publishes fiction poetry essays and art. The magazine's Focus portfolios have examined the writing of a different country each issue covering the literature of Japan Russia and Peru in Issues 1-3.
 Quantum and Woody is a comic book series co-created by writer Christopher Priest and illustrator Mark Bright. After Acclaim Entertainment purchased the rights to the Valiant catalog in 1994 Quantum and Woody was introduced to the Valiant Universe. In 2013 Valiant Entertainment began publishing a re-imagined version of the characters written by James Asmus with art by Tom Fowler.
 William Herbert Gray III (August 20 1941 – July 1 2013) was an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who represented Pennsylvania's 2nd congressional district from 1979 to 1991. He also served as Chairman of the House Committee on the Budget from 1985 to 1989 and House Majority Whip from 1989 to 1991.
 Godlike is the sixth studio album by Natas. Released on May 21 2002 it is the group's first album to be released on a label other than Reel Life Productions and their only release on Number 6 Records. Godlike peaked at #35 on the Billboard Top Independent Albums chart #45 on the Heatseekers chart and #56 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 La Sangre Nunca Muere is the third album by Kinto Sol released in 2005.
 Dermomurex oxum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Piano Teacher (German: Die Klavierspielerin) is a novel by Austrian Nobel Prize winner Elfriede Jelinek first published in 1983 by Rowohlt Verlag. Translated by Joachim Neugroschel it was the first of Jelinek's novels to be translated into English.The novel follows protagonist Erika Kohut a sexually and emotionally repressed piano teacher as she enters into a sadomasochistic relationship with her student Walter Klemmer the results of which are disastrous.
 Urtakand (Persian: اورتاكند‎ also Romanized as Ūrtākand) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District Safayyeh District Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Doubt Is Their Product: How Industry's Assault on Science Threatens Your Health is a 2008 book by David Michaels currently Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health and published by Oxford University Press. Doubt is our product a cigarette executive once observed since it is the best means of competing with the 'body of fact' that exists in the minds of the general public.
 Colossus: The Collected Science Fiction of Donald Wandrei is a collection of science fiction short stories by author Donald Wandrei. It was released in 1989 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 1000 copies.Many of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Weird Tales Astounding Stories The Minnesota Quarterly Thrilling Wonder Stories and Leaves.
 Warren Gard (July 2 1873 – November 1 1929) was an attorney prosecutor jurist and member of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio.
 Lel (Russian: Лель) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Chyornaya River which in turn is a tributary of Veslyana River. The length of the river is 20 km.The source of the river is located near the border with Komi Republic 6 km south of the settlement of Peles 199 m above sea level. Its mouth is located 159 m above sea level
 Røyrvik Church (Norwegian: Røyrvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Røyrvik in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Røyrvik. The church is part of the Røyrvik parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church was constructed in 1828 and seats about 180 people.
 John Wentworth (January 16 1671 – December 12 1730) served as Lieutenant Governor for the Province of New Hampshire from 1717 to 1730.
 The Sleeping Mountain is an adventure novel by English author John Harris.
 Cret Bizovački is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 Como Un Tatuaje is the title of a studio album by K-Paz de la Sierra. It was released on June 2 2009.
 Tomorrow Never Comes is a 1978 British-Canadian crime film directed by Peter Collinson and starring Oliver Reed and Susan George. The film follows a man who loses his girl friend and then finds her in a hotel where he holds her and the others hostage. As the police close in he slowly begins to snap. The film was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
 August Fools (Finnish: Mieletön elokuu) is a 2013 comedy film directed by Taru Mäkelä. It is a Finnish-Czech co-production set in Helsinki Finland in the early 1960s.
 Faisal Hmoud Al Malek Al-Sabah (born 11 December 1963) also known as Abu Malek (Arabic: ابو مالك‎) is a member of Kuwait's ruling family and a diplomat. Al-Sabah earned his bachelor's and master's degrees in Political Science and Economics. Al-Sabah then started his political career as the Director of Protocol at the Al-Diwan Al-Amiri of His Highness the Crown Prince and Prime Minister from 1986 to 2003.
 The Barber Institute of Fine Arts is an art gallery and concert hall in Birmingham England. It is situated in purpose-built premises on the campus of the University of Birmingham.The Grade II listed Art Deco building was designed by Robert Atkinson in the 1930s and opened in 1939 by Queen Mary.
 The Blue Boy is a Children's novel by Martin Auer first published in 1991 in German as Der blaue Junge illustrated by Simone Klages.
 Lifta (Arabic: لفتا‎; Hebrew: מי נפתוח‎ Mei Niftoach lit. spring of the corridor) was a Palestinian Arab village on the outskirts of Jerusalem. The population was driven out during the Arab-Jewish hostilities of 1947/48 and the efforts to relieve the Siege of Jerusalem (1948). The village which is mainly intact is located on a hillside between the western entrance to Jerusalem and the Romema neighbourhood.
 Civilization and Its Discontents is a book by Sigmund Freud. Written in 1929 and first published in German in 1930 as Das Unbehagen in der Kultur (The Uneasiness in Culture). It is considered one of Freud's most important and widely read works.
 Bill Bergson Lives Dangerously (original Swedish title: Kalle Blomkvist – Mästerdetektiven lever farligt) is a 1996 Swedish film directed by Göran Carmback. It is based on the novel with the same name written by Astrid Lindgren.The theme music De hjältemodiga is written by Nanne Grönvall and produced by Peter Grönvall and sung by among Nanne Maria Rådsten Fredrik and Christina Ådén.
 Mazraeh Hosein Sofla (Persian: مزرعه حسين سفلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh Hosein Sofla; also known as Ḩoseyn Soflá Mazrā‘ Ḩoseyn Mīrzā Ḩasan and Mirza Husain) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Gli occhiali d'oro (internationally released as The Gold Rimmed Glasses) is a 1987 Italian drama film directed by Giuliano Montaldo starring Philippe Noiret Rupert Everett and Valeria Golino. Set in Ferrara and in a nearby seaside resort in 1938 the plot follows a Jewish student and a homosexual doctor who suffer persecution in Fascist Italy.
 Shankarrao Bhavrao Chavan (14 July 1920 – 26 February 2004) was an Indian politician who served twice as Chief Minister of Maharashtra from 1975 until 1977 and from 13 March 1986 until 24 June 1988. He was Finance Minister of India from 1987 to 1990 and served as Home Minister of India in the Narasimha Rao cabinet.
 Cisthene dorsimacula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1904. It is found in southern California.The length of the forewings is about 9 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to August and in October.
 Showtime is a video recording by British rock band Blur released in February 1995. It is a recording of the band's gig at Alexandra Palace London England on 7 October 1994. For many years the video has only been released in the UK on VHS. A cult following to get it released on DVD occurred amongst fans[citation needed] which beame successful as a DVD version is included on Blur 21 boxset released 30 July 2012.
 Gladys Grace Mae Strum (February 4 1906 – August 15 2005) was a Canadian politician.Born in Gladstone Manitoba she moved to Saskatchewan when she was 16 to teach. She ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in 1938 and again in 1944. In 1944 she became president of the Saskatchewan Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) the first woman to occupy the position for a provincial party in Canada.
 Kremnitz is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Timbarra River a mostly perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 Point of View is a monthly newspaper published since 2003 in Springfield Massachusetts. The newspaper is owned and published by Frederick and Marjorie Hurst attorneys practicing in Massachusetts.Point of View distributes free copies of its newspaper in Western Massachusetts and throughout the state of Connecticut. The newspaper is also available online.
 Padenia transversa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Sri Lanka and on the Andamans.
 Staind: iTunes Originals is a compilation album by the American rock band Staind. It was released December 16 2008 on Atlantic/WEA exclusively through iTunes. It contains six exclusive live tracks recorded specifically for the release. It has a short interview track between each song. It also contains eight album versions of other songs.
 Elisha Mills Huntington (March 29 1806 – October 26 1862) was an American lawyer politician prosecutor judge and federal jurist.Born in Butternuts New York Huntington moved to Terre Haute Indiana to join his older brother Nathaniel Huntington. He read law and was admitted to the Indiana bar in 1827 on his 21st birthday. Lish as he was known was in private practice in Terre Haute commencing in 1827.
 Włoki [ˈvwɔki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świeszyno within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Świeszyno 8 km (5 mi) south of Koszalin and 132 km (82 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 150.
 The American Dream is Emitt Rhodes' third album by release date although it was recorded first. It was recorded in 1969 but released in 1971 as a contractual obligation to A&M Records. The album was released in response to the success of his two solo albums on Dunhill Records.
 Anne Trister is a 1986 Canadian drama film directed by Léa Pool. It was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Atrina rigida commonly known as the rigid pen shell is a bivalve mollusc found from the North Carolina coast through the West Indies and to Brazil. It has attracted research interest in studies of calcification in its nacre as well as other aspects of its ecology.
 Miodowice [mjɔdɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Przybiernów 23 km (14 mi) north of Goleniów and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Simón Gaviria Muñoz (born 24 November 1980) is a Colombian economist and politician currently serving as Member of the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia since 2006.
 The Zack and Miri Make a Porno soundtrack features audio clips and music from the 2008 comedy.
 Biechowo [bjɛˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłosław within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Miłosław 10 km (6 mi) south of Września and 47 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 330.
 Borderlands is a 1991 children's historical novel by author Peter Carter Originally published in the UK in 1990 as Leaving Cheyenne it is a study of the American West in 1871 as seen through the eyes of a 14-year-old boy.
 Our Cancer Year is a graphic novel written by Harvey Pekar and Joyce Brabner and illustrated by Frank Stack. Published in 1994 by the New York Press publisher Four Walls Eight Windows Our Cancer Year (an offshoot of the cult favorite comic book series American Splendor) relates the story of Harvey's struggle to overcome cancer as well as serving as a social commentary on events of that year. Our Cancer Year won the 1995 Harvey Award for best original graphic novel.
 The Girl with the Golden Panties (Spanish: La Muchacha de las Bragas de Oro) is a 1980 Spanish Film directed by Vicente Aranda. It stars Victoria Abril and Lautaro Murúa. The film was based upon a novel by Catalonian author Juan Marsé. La Muchacha de las Bragas de Oro explores the changing nature of a former fascist a reflection of Spain facing its past during Franco's regime. The film exhibits a sexual frankness which was off-limits in Spanish films made before 1975.
 The Croton Falls Reservoir is a small reservoir in the Putnam County New York townships of Carmel and Southeast roughly 50 miles (80 km) miles north of New York City.
 The Care Bears' Big Wish Movie is a 2005 children's animated feature film produced by Nelvana Limited and released by Lions Gate Home Entertainment. Directed by Larry Jacobs and Ron Pitts and written by Jeffrey Alan Schechter the film is a follow-up to the Care Bears' previous efforts in 2004's Journey to Joke-a-lot. It was the fifth film to feature the Bears and the second to be computer-animated.The Big Wish Movie centres on Wish Bear a Care Bear who can make and grant wishes.
 The Park Avenue House is a high rise residential building located at 2305 Park Avenue in the Park Avenue Historic District in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Uncle Scrooge (stylized as Uncle $crooge) was a comic book starring the stingy Scrooge McDuck (the richest duck in the world) his nephew Donald Duck and grandnephews Huey Dewey and Louie and revolving around their adventures in Duckburg and around the world. It was first published in Four Color Comics #386 March 1952 and the most recent issue to date (Uncle $crooge #404) was released in 2011.
 Richard K. Eaton (born 1948) is a Judge for the United States Court of International Trade.
 Lamellidea monodonta was a species of air-breathing tropical land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae. This species was endemic to Japan; it is now extinct.
 Macqueenia was a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is now considered a synonym of Thalaina.
 The Cathedral Isle of Man known variously as The Cathedral Church of Saint German or Peel Cathedral is located in Peel Isle of Man. The cathedral is also one of the parish churches in the parish of the West Coast which includes the town of Peel and was built 1879-84. It was made the cathedral by Act of Tynwald in 1980.
 This article is about Beacon Hill a traprock landform in Branford Connecticut. For other places by the same name see Beacon HillBeacon Hill (est.) 130 feet (40 m) above sea level is a traprock outcrop located 1.2 miles (1.9 km) southeast of New Haven Connecticut overlooking the mouth of the Farm River 1.2 miles north of Long Island Sound.
 Peter Harwood is a Guernsean lawyer who was the Chief Minister of Guernsey from 1 May 2012 until 25 February 2014.Harwood was born in Guernsey in 1947 and educated at Elizabeth College Guernsey and University of Southampton. He was admitted as an English Solicitor in 1972 and continued in employment in London as a Solicitor and latterly as a Corporate Finance Executive before returning to Guernsey.
 The Sistranser Bach also: Sistrans Creek originates near Sistrans Alpine Hut in Tyrol Austria at an altitude of 1.400 – 1.600 metres. The Creek is formed of 5 source creeks of nearly the same size which look like a fan on the map. It flows from north to south and passes through the villages of Sistrans and Aldrans.Near Castle Ambras the Creek splits in two arms. The side arm flows in the Castle park and forms the „Castle Fall“ a waterfall with a height of 20 metres.
 St Mabyn Church is a Grade I listed late 15th-century Church of England parish church in St Mabyn Cornwall United Kingdom. The church is dedicated to Saint Mabyn or Mabena who was regarded in local tradition as one of the many children of Brychan a Welsh saint and King of Brycheiniog in the 5th century.
 Plus is Joseph McElroy's fifth novel. Set in some unspecified future it tells the story of Imp Plus a disembodied brain controlling IMP the Interplanetary Monitoring Platform in earth orbit. The novel consists of Imp Plus's thoughts as he tries to comprehend his limited existence while struggling with language limited memories and communicating with Ground Control.
 Jon B. Erpenbach (born January 28 1961) is a Democratic member of the Wisconsin Senate representing the 27th District district since 1999.
 For the town of the same name see Robledo ColombiaRobledo is the name of a caldera in Catamarca Province Argentina.
 Armenian monastery complex of Moscow (Armenian: Մոսկվայի հայկական վանքային համալիր; Russian: Армянский храмовый комплекс в Москве) is a complex of Armenian Apostolic church which will become the seat of the Exarch (Head of the Novo-Nakhichevan and Russian Diocese of the Armenian Apostolic Church) and one of the spiritual centers of Armenians in Russia. The Holy Transfiguration Cathedral of the complex is the largest Armenian church outside of Armenia.
 Sekkemo is a village in the municipality of Kvænangen in Troms county Norway. The village is located along the shore of the Kvænangen fjord about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of the municipal centre of Burfjord. The European route E06 highway runs through the small village. Sekkemo Church is located here.
 Madame Aema 11 (애마부인 11 - Aema Buin 11) is a 1995 South Korean film directed by Joe Moung-hwa. It was the eleventh and final entry in the Madame Aema series the longest-running film series in Korean cinema.
 Dead Letters is the 2003 album by Finnish alternative rock band The Rasmus. It was released in 2004 in the US UK and Australia. Their previous album Into had seen some success in some parts of Europe particularly Scandinavia and Germany but Dead Letters signified the band's major break-through. The album received 8 Gold and 6 Platinum music certification awards.
 Bągart [ˈbɔnɡart] (German Baumgarth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Dzierzgoń 22 km (14 mi) east of Sztum and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 420.
 Trouble in Triplicate is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1949 and itself collected in the omnibus volume All Aces (Viking 1958). The book contains three stories that first appeared in The American Magazine: Before I Die (April 1947) Help Wanted Male (August 1945) Instead of Evidence (May 1946 as Murder on Tuesday)Each of the stories involves a character who is posing as someone else.
 The Hon. George Duncan Raukawa Fergusson (born 30 September 1955) is a British diplomat. He was the British High Commissioner to New Zealand and Samoa and the Governor of the Pitcairn Islands from 2006 to 2010. He is the current Governor of Bermuda.
 Walker's Creek Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school building located near Newport Augusta County Virginia. It was built about 1850 as a one-room rectangular log gable roofed schoolhouse measuring 22 feet by 26 feet. It has a large stone chimney and a later shed addition and front porch. The school closed about 1935 and after 1948 converted to a dwelling.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Two Cities is a novel by the American writer John Edgar Wideman set in the Pennsylvania cities of Pittsburgh and Philadelphia during the 1990s. The novel tells the story of Kassima a widow in mourning for her husband and two sons who died in the streets of Pittsburgh. Martin Mallory is Kassima's tenant a photographer whose works depict the 50-year history of life in the African American neighborhoods of Pittsburgh and Philadelphia.
 The Powers of Ten films are two short American documentary films written and directed by Charles and Ray Eames. Both works depict the relative scale of the Universe according to an order of magnitude (or logarithmic scale) based on a factor of ten first expanding out from the Earth until the entire universe is surveyed then reducing inward until a single atom and its quarks are observed.
 Premonition is a 2007 American drama supernatural thriller film directed by Mennan Yapo and starring Sandra Bullock Julian McMahon and Amber Valletta. The film's plot depicts a depressed housewife named Linda who experiences premonitions about her husband's death and the events that follow afterward and how she attempts to save him from his impending doom.Contrary to popular belief the film is not a remake of the 2004 Japanese horror film Premonition and is its own original story.
 Vlahi (village) is a village in Kresna Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 The West-Beskidian Piedmont (Czech: Západobeskydské podhůří Polish: Pogórze Zachodniobeskidzkie) is a geological region of the northeastern Czech Republic extending into southern Poland. The relatively modest foothills are considered part of the Outer Western Carpathians.
 Amanda Stott is the debut album by Canadian country music artist Amanda Stott. It was released by Warner Music Canada on January 4 2000. The album peaked at number 18 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
 Pine Island Bayou is a river in Texas.
 Shakhtehlu (Persian: شخته لو‎ also Romanized as Shakhtehlū) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 6 families.
 St Laurence's Church Gonalston is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Gonalston.
 Jasienna [jaˈɕenːa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Korzenna 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Nowy Sącz and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1000.
 Hammer DeRoburt KBE (25 September 1922 – 15 July 1992) was the founding President of the Republic of Nauru and ruled the country for most of its first twenty years of independence.
 The Love Tyrant is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe. It was described as an Australian drama about the back blocks and a stirring drama full of thrilling incidents. It was set during the early bushranging days.It is a lost film.
 Ogdensburg Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located at Ogdensburg in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1898 and designed by State architect Isaac G. Perry. It consists of a 2-story hip-roofed administration building and a large gable-roofed drill shed. It is built of load-bearing reddish-brown Potsdam sandstone walls built upon a raised rusticated light-gray limestone foundation.
 Zartlichkeiten is a 1981 album by Julio Iglesias.
 Hyphoraia testudinaria Patton's Tiger is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Geoffroy in 1785. It is found from northern Spain to southern and central France and southern Switzerland to north-eastern and southern Italy. It has also been recorded from Great Britain. The habitat consists of grasslands slopes forest edges clear dry forests cliffs and mountain slopes maquis garigues and dry meadows.The wingspan is 35–45 mm.
 The Christophoruskirche is a Protestant church in the borough of Schierstein Wiesbaden Germany. It was built in 1752 to 1754 in the style of the late Baroque and Rococo.
 Wilkinson Call (January 9 1834 – August 24 1910) was an American lawyer and politician who represented Florida in the United States Senate from 1879 to 1897.
 Menage a Trois is an independent label album released by Baby Bash his fifth album overall.
 Kum (Persian: كوم‎ also Romanized as Kūm) is a village in Shenetal Rural District Kuhsar District Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 64 families.
 Clermont is a Gothic novel by Regina Maria Roche. It was first published in 1798 by the sensationalist Minerva Press.
 Mzimvubu River or Umzimvubu River is one of the most important rivers in South Africa. It is located in the Eastern Cape Province.
 Kingsbury Oil Terminal is an oil storage depot located to the northeast of the village of Kingsbury Warwickshire England. It was opened in the late 1960s and serves the Midlands region. It is the largest inland oil storage depot in the United Kingdom. The main operators at the site are BP Warwickshire Oil Storage Limited and Valero Energy Limited.
 Death on the Road is a live CD LP and DVD released by the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden on 30 August 2005 (CD & LP version) and on 6 February 2006 (DVD version). The album was recorded at Westfalenhalle in Dortmund Germany on 24 November 2003 during the Dance of Death World Tour (2003–2004).The release performed well in the national charts of several countries; Finland (no. 5) Sweden (no. 7) Norway (no. 12) France (no. 14) Italy (no. 17) Switzerland (no. 17) Spain (no.
 Felix şi Otilia (Felix and Otilia) is a 1972 Romanian drama film based on the George Călinescu's 1938 novel Enigma Otiliei. The film was directed by Iulian Mihu and scripted by Ioan Grigorescu. The titular roles are played by Radu Boruzescu and Julieta Szönyi.
 Sikkim is a 1971 Indian documentary about the nation of Sikkim directed by Satyajit Ray. The documentary was commissioned by the Chogyal (King) of Sikkim at a time when he felt the sovereignty of Sikkim was under threat from both China and India. Ray's documentary is about the sovereignty of Sikkim. The film was banned by the government of India when Sikkim merged with India in 1975. In 2000 the copyright of the film was transferred to the Art and Culture Trust of Sikkim.
 Sowia Góra [ˈsɔvja ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzychód within Międzychód County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Międzychód and 81 km (50 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 20.
 So the Wind Won't Blow It All Away is a novel written by Richard Brautigan published in 1982.The story is about a narrator in 1979 remembering the events that happened when he was 13 in 1948. The young narrator lives in a lower class suburban Oregon neighborhood and collects beer bottles or does favors for neighbors to earn money. He also spends time alone fishing in a pond on the outskirts of town.
 Salvatore Totò Cuffaro (born 21 February 1958 in Raffadali Agrigento) is a convicted criminal formerly an Italian politician former President of Sicily currently serving a 7 years jail sentence for aiding the Mafia. His nickname is Vasa Vasa [Kiss Kiss] for his tendency to kiss all and sundry – he claims that he has kissed a quarter of all the people on the island.
 Rhopalidae or scentless plant bugs are a family of true bugs. In older literature the family is sometimes called Corizidae. They differ from the related coreids in lacking well-developed scent glands. They are usually light-colored and smaller than the coreids. Some are very similar to the orsilline lygaeids but can be distinguished by the numerous veins in the membrane of the hemelytra. They live principally on weeds but a few (including the box elder bug) are arboreal.
 Venomous Villain is the fourth studio album by American hip hop artist Daniel Dumile the second to be released under the alias Viktor Vaughn. It was released through Insomniac on August 3 2004.
 The Teachers of Gurdjieff is a book by Rafael Lefort that describes a journey to the middle east and central Asia in search of the sources of Gurdjieff's teaching and culminates in the author's own spiritual awakening by meeting and opening to the teachings of the Naqshbandi Sufis.The book is considered by many to be a product of the Sufi school associated with Idries Shah and his brother Omar Ali-Shah.[citation needed] The Gurdjieff biographer James Moore described the book as a distasteful fabrication The book first appeared in 1966 from the British publishing house Victor Gollancz. 
 The Hawaii Hochi is a Japanese and English language six-day-a-week newspaper published and sold in Hawaii United States. The newspaper was founded in 1912 to serve the Japanese immigrant community in Hawaii. At its peak in the early 1990s the newspaper had a circulation of 9000. The number has since dwindled to around 3000. The newspaper is delivered by mail. The newspaper's publishing company also operates a commercial printing business.
 Lucy Haeran Koh (born 1968) is a United States District Judge on the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
 William Marshall Tredway (August 24 1807 - May 1 1891) was a U.S.
 The Tireu River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
 A New Dictionary of the Terms Ancient and Modern of the Canting Crew is a dictionary of English cant and slang by a compiler known only by the initials B. E. first published in London c. 1698. With over 4000 entries it was the most extensive dictionary of non-standard English in its time until it was superseded in 1785 by Francis Grose's Classical Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue. B.
 The Shadowers is a novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1964 continuing the exploits of assassin Matt Helm. It was the seventh novel of the series.
 Lake George (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Kings County in Nova Scotia Canada.There is a Provincial Park beach area at the south end of the lake.
 The Casanna is a mountain of the Plessur Alps overlooking Serneus and Klosters in the canton of Graubünden. It lies west of the Gotschnagrat where a cable car station is located.
 Quincy Electric Light and Power Company Station is a historic power station at 76 Field Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Aepus marinus is a species of beetle in the Carabidae family.
 Jufari River is a river forming part of the border between Amazonas and Roraima states in north-western Brazil.
 Anatomize is the third album by American Progressive rock band Thanatopsis released on February 17 2006.
 Penyes Altes de Moixeró is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 2276 metres above sea level.
 The Kuri Chhu also known as the Lhobrak is a major river of eastern Bhutan that has formed a scenic valley with high peaks and steep hills. Kuri Chhu is a tributary of the Manas River system which is the largest river of Bhutan and a major tributary of the Brahmaputra River that drains most of eastern Bhutan.
 Somebody's Waiting is the 15th studio album by Anne Murray issued in March 1980 on Capitol Records. The album charted lower in the U.S. than most of Murray's other releases from the same period peaking at number 15 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and number 88 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart (in Murray's native Canada it reached number 32). Its first single Lucky Me reached the U.S. country top ten peaking at number 9; it also reached number 42 on the U.S. pop singles charts.
 Sylk Magazine is an exclusive online men's magazine launched in June 2004. Sylk features a mix of socio-political editorial combined with pictorials of scantily clad models (Sylk Girls). Though Sylk Magazine was not the first online men's magazine in the genre it is one of the first to forsake print and embrace 100% Internet distribution.
 Teheran een zwanezang (Tehran a Swan Song) is a novel by Dutch author F. Springer published in 1991. It is a love story set against the background of the Iranian Revolution.
 Constantin-Grigore Dumitrescu also known as Constantin Ticu Dumitrescu or Ticu Dumitrescu (27 May 1928 - 5 December 2008) Olari Prahova was a Romanian politician and president of the Association of Romanian Former Political Prisoners.He was a political prisoner during the communist regime in Romania and a Romanian Senator from 1992 to 2000.
 Scotia Place is an office tower complex in Edmonton Alberta Canada that was completed in 1983. It is located at 10060 Jasper Avenue in the heart of Edmonton's Downtown. It is home to several long term tenants such as Grant Thornton APEGGA Ernst & Young Duncan Craig LLP and Edmonton Transit. The namesake of the complex is Scotiabank.The highest skyscraper in the complex is Scotia 1 with 28 floors and reaching 113 m (371 ft).
 The Madrone Shield Bearer (Coptodisca arbutiella) is a moth of the Heliozelidae family. It was described by Busck in 1904. It is found from California to British Columbia.The larvae feed on Arbutus species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is blotch-like. Full-grown larvae cut out elliptical cases out of the upper and lower leaf surfaces in which pupation takes place.
 Mirror Lake is a lake in the high Uinta Mountains in Utah. It is a popular fishing and recreation spot. The lake contains three species of trout: rainbow brook and tiger. The lake has a Forest Service campground picnic facilities and a boat ramp for non-motorized watercraft.
 Kuo Yuan Ye (Chinese: 郭元益; pinyin: Guōyuányì) is a chain of pastry stores in Taiwan. Kuo Yuan Ye pastry is prepared with skills passed down through generations. In 1708 ancestors of the Kuo family left their native home in Fujian China crossed the Taiwan Strait and arrived in Taipei. In 1867 Kuo Liang-chen built a squat mudbrick shop in Shilin Taipei where he started a pastry business. In memory of his hometown ancestral hall he gave his store the same name “Yuan Ye”.
 Honus & Me is a children's novel by Dan Gutman published in 1997 and the first in the Baseball Card Adventures series. It was rejected by many publishers before HarperCollins finally accepted. The made-for-television movie The Winning Season starring Matthew Modine was adapted from this best-selling book.As well as the novel the book includes a factual epilogue by Gutman and vintage photographs of Wagner.
 The Cat Who Wished to Be a Man (1973) is a children's comic fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander.
 The Berry is the only political newspaper at Cambridge University England. In its print form like The Cambridge Student and Varsity it had a distribution of 10000. In 2009-10 it was relaunched as an online newspaper 'The Berry Online' providing Cambridge students with their only regular forum for political debate.
 St Luke's Church is in the village of Winmarleigh Lancashire England. It is an active Church of England parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the deanery of Lancaster and Morecambe. The church was built in 1875–1876 by Paley and Austin and is designated a Grade II listed building.
 Seven Crows is an original novel based on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel.
 Charles Wayne Dowdy (born July 27 1943) is a former Congressman United States Senate candidate and chairman of the Mississippi Democratic Party.
 St. Mary's Syro-Malabar Catholic Cathedral Basilica Ernakulam is a Cathedral at Kochi in Kerala India. Originally founded in 1112 AD the Cathedral is dedicated to Our Lady of Ports. It is also known by the names Nasrani Palli Anchukaimal Palli or Thekke Palli. The present church was built in the early twentieth century under the direction of Mar Aloysius Pazheparambil and was elevated to the status of a Basilica by Pope Paul VI on 20 March 1974.
 Mt. Jitchu Drake is a mountain in the Himalayas and a companion peak to Mount Jomolhari. Its height is given variously as 6714m 6789m 6797m 6970m or 6989m by various sources. Jitchu Drake has a double summit with the smaller summit to the south.
 Paul W. Mahady (November 19 1908 – October 7 1973) is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate serving from 1959 to 1972.
 Trout Lake in the interior of British Columbia is a ribbon lake located south-east of Revelstoke. At the north end is Trout Lake City which in the early 1900s was a mining boomtown. It now has only a handful of permanent residents and a growing number of cabin owners that come for the holidays many from Calgary.
 Jackboots on Whitehall is a 2010 British satirical film portraying an alternate history of the Second World War in which Nazi Germany has seized London causing the British to band together at Hadrian's Wall if they are to thwart the German invasion. This is the first film of its kind to feature animatronic puppets and the voices of well-known British actors including Ewan McGregor Rosamund Pike Richard E. Grant Timothy Spall Richard O'Brien and Richard Griffiths.
 Home for an Island is the second studio album by The Exit. It was originally released on September 7 2004 on Some Records. On October 11 2005 the album was re-released by Wind-up Records with a different track list and a number of changes to the recording.
 The George M. Cannon House built in 1890 is an historic Late Victorian mansion located at 720 East Ashton Avenue (2340 South) in the Forest Dale area of Salt Lake City Utah. It was designed by noted Salt Lake architect John A. Headlund for George Mousley Cannon (December 25 1861-January 23 1937) a member of the Cannon family a prominent Intermountain West political family. In 1889 George M.
 Time to Move is the first studio album by Canadian singer Blake McGrath. It was released in Canada on November 2 2010. Five singles were released from the album.
 Høgevarde or Høgevard is a mountain in Norefjell Buskerud Norway known for its vast view (estimated 40000 km²) over eastern Norway. At the top there is an iron plate giving names and directions to mountains along the horizon.About 100 meters below the peak is the Høgevard-Cabin a self-service Cabin kept by the DNT (Den Norske Turistforenin).
 Kraken is a fantasy novel by British author China Miéville. It is published in the UK by Macmillan and in the US by Del Rey Books. The book bears the subtitle An Anatomy on the title page. It was the winner for the 2011 Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel.Miéville has described the book as a dark comedy about a squid-worshipping cult and the end of the world. It takes the idea of the squid cult very seriously.
 Fed Up! Our Fight to Save America from Washington is a 2010 political non-fiction book authored by Governor of Texas Rick Perry with acknowledged contributions from Perry's senior advisor Chip Roy and published by Little Brown and Company. It was released shortly after Perry's re-election to a third term as governor. The book analyzes states' rights and the growing role of the federal government demonstrating Perry's support for federalism.
 Episyron quinquenotatus the white-trimmed black wasp is a North American species of pompilid spider hunting wasp.
 Danuria gracilis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Danuria.
 Celtic Woman is the eponymous debut album of the singing group Celtic Woman. The members of the group were first featured on the PBS musical special also by the same name. With the help of said special Celtic Woman reached #1 on the World Music charts within weeks and remained there for a record 86 weeks. The astonishing success led the group's musical director David Downes to adopt the title 'Celtic Woman' as their permanent name.
 Swallowing Darkness (2008) is the seventh novel in the Merry Gentry series written by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Belmont Hospital is an acute care public hospital servicing the City of Lake Macquarie in New South Wales Australia. Established in 1968 it is the only public hospital in the Local Government Area and is located on Croudace Bay Road in the suburb of Belmont. The hospital is operated by the Hunter New England Local Health District. The hospital underwent a major $31.5 million redevelopment between 2003 and 2007 allowing it to expand the range of specialist services available.
 Gravitcornutia cuspis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 25 Years Celebration is a double album by The Dubliners. Recorded in 1987 and charted in the UK at No.43 and No.1 in Ireland. The album released following a special Late Late Show appearance by the group 25 Years Celebration featured a number of special guests and featured The Irish Rover a collaboration with The Pogues which returned The Dubliners to Top Of The Pops 20 years after they first performed Seven Drunken Nights on that show.
 Kolstad Church (Norwegian: Kolstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the Kolstad area of the city of Trondheim about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) from the nearby Heimdal Church. The church is part of the Kolstad parish in the Heimdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The concrete building was designed by Nils Henrik Eggen in a modern style. It was consecrated on 4 May 1986 by Bishop Kristen Kyrre Bremer.
 Mpanjaka betschi is a moth of the family of Erebidae that is found in Central Madagascar.It has a wingspan of 34 mm and the length of the frontwings is 16 mm.
 The Finger is a mountain in the Sawback Range of the Canadian Rockies in Alberta Canada.
 Master Sajjad Sings Memorable Classics is the debut album from Pakistani singer song writer actor director model musician compare Sajjad Ali. The album was released by EMI-Pakistan in 1979.
 The Johnson Manufacturing Company is a historic mill complex at 65 Brown Street in North Adams Massachusetts. The site was used for the production of textiles from its initial construction in 1872 until 1937 when it was sold to the Sprague Electric Company. The Johnson Company was founded in 1850 by Sylvander Johnson Nathaniel Hathaway and Peter Blackinton.
 The Zico Chain released in 2006 was the first album by British rock band Zico Chain.
 St. Mary of the Angels is a Roman Catholic church in Everton Liverpool built in 1907. It has magnificent interiors of marble imported to bring Rome to Liverpool. The building of the church was funded by Amy Elizabeth Imrie a Catholic convert and nun who became an abbess of the Poor Clare Sisters. She was the heiress to the White Star Line shipping fortune when her uncle William Imrie died in 1906.The building is a Grade II Listed Building; its interiors are also listed.
 Electric Peak is the tallest mountain in the Gallatin Range of southern Montana close to the Wyoming border and rises to an altitude of 10969 feet (3343 m). The peak has some of the greatest physical relief in Yellowstone National Park rising 3389 ft (1033 m) above its base.Electric Peak was named during the first ascent in 1872 by the United States Geological Survey.
 The Second Coming: the Passion of Joe Panther is a Ned Kelly Award-winning novel by the Australian author Andrew Masterson published in 2000.
 My Mother Dreams the Satan's Disciples in New York is a 1999 short film directed by Barbara Schock. It won an Academy Award in 2000 for Best Short Subject.
 Blue Demon vs. the Satanic Power (Spanish: Blue Demon contra el poder satánico) is a 1966 Mexican film featuring Mexican wrestler Blue Demon. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Daring Lover is a 2014 Dhallywood film directed by Badiul Alam Khokon. starring Shakib Khan and Apu Biswas in lead roles  while Misa Sawdagar Probor Mitro and Rehana Jolly play other pivotal roles. This is a remake of 2006 Tamil language comedy film Thiruvilaiyaadal Aarambam. Upon release the film received massive response and is said to contribute to record breaking sales in some renowned theaters.
 Numbersixvalverde (born 1996) is an Irish race horse who won both the 2005 Irish Grand National and 2006 Aintree Grand National steeplechase beating Hedgehunter by six lengths with Niall 'Slippers' Madden in the saddle.Numbersixvalverde won his big races in the colours of owner Bernard Caroll who named the horse after his holiday home in the Algarve.
 Emmanuel-Janvier Luzolo Bambi Lessa (born 31 January 1958) is a politician in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He was appointed Minister of Justice in the Muzito cabinet in October 2008.
 The Secret in Their Eyes (Spanish: El secreto de sus ojos) is a 2009 Argentine crime thriller film directed produced and edited by Juan José Campanella and written by Eduardo Sacheri and Campanella based on Sacheri's novel La pregunta de sus ojos (The Question in Their Eyes).
 The Wynaad Laughingthrush (Garrulax delesserti) is a species of laughingthrush in the Leiothrichidae family. It is endemic to the Western Ghats south of Goa in India. These laughingthrushes move in groups in dense forests producing loud calls but tend to be hard to spot in the undergrowth. They have brown upperparts a white throat a broad black mask through the eye and a heavy bill with pale yellow on the lower mandible.
 Naan Kadavul (English: I am God) is a 2009 Indian Tamil film co-written and directed by Bala. Based on the Tamil novel Yezhaam Ulagam by Jeyamohan—who also penned the dialogues for the film—the film features Arya and Pooja in the lead roles.The film revolves around Rudran (Arya) who in his childhood was left in Varanasi by his parents only to become an aghori.
 Masa Nakayama (中山 マサ Nakayama Masa January 19 1891 – October 11 1976) was a Japanese politician who was the first woman appointed to the Cabinet of Japan when she became Minister of Health and Welfare in 1960.She was born Masa Iida-Powers in Nagasaki the daughter of Rodney H. Powers an American businessman and his Japanese partner Naka Iida. Masa attended Kwassui Jogakko a mission school run by American Methodist missionaries.
 Marvin's Marvelous Mechanical Museum (M.M.M.M.) is Tally Hall's debut studio album. Their previous recordings were all independently produced and distributed demos. All of the tracks on the album are fleshed-out finished versions of their demo tracks with the exception of Haiku which is a completely new song.
 The Lines Are Open is the second and final album by The Arrows released in 1985. Producer David Tyson was again nominated for the Juno Award for Producer of the Year for his work on this album.The album title is a line from the last song titled Hampton Avenue. Overall the album has a more serious tone than the previous one and musically it features a number of tracks with a horn section.
 The Dawn Fraser Story is a documentary about Australian swimmer Dawn Fraser. It was made by Joy Cavill who later made a feature film about Fraser Dawn! (1979) and had a romantic relationship with her. It is one of the few Australian documentary films of the time to be directed by a woman.While filming at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics Cavill suffered a heart attack.
 007 Villain Club by Swatch (also known as 007 Villain Collection by Swatch)is a promotional EP distributed free on CD through Metro Magazine and Swatch the Club and as a free download through the Swatch MTV and Yahoo Websites. It was released to promote Swatch's 007 Villains Collection line of watches.
 The Marsh Moth (Athetis pallustris) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in most of Europe the southern Urals southern Russia Ukraine eastern Turkey Siberia the Amur region Mongolia and northern China.The wingspan is 18–34 mm. The males are considerably larger. The females have more rounded forewings and tend to fly less readily. Adults are on wing from May to June.The larvae feed on various low-growing plants such as Plantago species (including Plantago major).
 Ceryx albimacula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Ivory Coast Nigeria and Sierra Leone.
 Live (Industry Sampler) is a live album by American alternative rock band Caroline's Spine. The collection features songs recorded live at various venues. It was only released for a short time and not to the average consumer.
 Nanotechnology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by IOP Publishing. It covers research in all areas of nanotechnology. since 2009 the Editor-in-Chief has been Mark Reed of Yale University USA.
 Jamak Zehi (Persian: جمك زهي‎ also Romanized as Jamak Zehī) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 17 families.
 Shoplifting from American Apparel is Tao Lin's first novella fifth book and first published fiction since the May 15 2007 simultaneous publication of his debut novel Eeeee Eee Eeee and debut story-collection Bed.
 Duddilla Sridhar Babu (born 30 May 1969)[citation needed] is an Indian politician and is a member of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly representing the Indian National Congress. He was the Minister for Civil Supplies Consumer Affairs Legal Metrology and Legislative Affairs in the Government of Andhra Pradesh. He is a member of the Pradesh Election Committee of Telangana as the Manifesto Committee Chairman.
 The Paseo YMCA is a U.S. historic YMCA in Kansas City Missouri.
 The Togcha River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Blood Lad (ブラッドラッド Buraddo Raddo) is a manga series created by Yuuki Kodama and serialized in Young Ace. The manga series has been licensed for distribution in English by Yen Press. An anime adaptation aired between July 7 and September 8 2013 and was licensed in North America by Viz Media for streaming on their website VizAnime and home video distribution in 2014. Neon Alley also acquired the series for streaming on their web service.
 Kalgadarreh-ye Do (Persian: کلگه‌دره دو‎ also Romanized as Kalgadarreh-ye Do; also known as Kalak Darreh and Kalakdarreh-ye Do) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 625 in 119 families.
 The Buff-tip (Phalera bucephala) is a moth of the family Notodontidae. It is found throughout Europe.This is a fairly large heavy-bodied species with a wingspan of 55–68 mm. The forewings are grey with a large prominent buff patch at the apex. As the thoracic hair is also buff the moth resembles a broken twig when at rest. The hindwings are creamy-white.
 Mugam (English: Face) is a 1999 Tamil language film directed by Gnana Rajasekaran. The film features Nassar and Roja in lead roles whilst Manivannan Vivek and Thalaivasal Vijay play supporting roles. The film opened in October 1999 to negative reviews and became a box office failure.
 Orthogonius senegalensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Dejean in 1831.
 Tičići (Cyrillic: Тичићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Doyle Bramhall II' is the first studio album by the artist of the same name. It was released September 9 1996 to mixed reviews.
 The Key West Citizen is a daily newspaper published in Key West Florida USA. The newspaper is the result of the amalgamations of several related publications in the early years of the 20th century becoming the Key West Citizen on April 29 1905 when the first weekly edition rolled off the presses at 534 Front St. announcing the coming of Flagler's Overseas Railroad to Key West.
 The Rice Covered Bridge also known as the Landisburg Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Tyrone Township near Landisburg in Perry County Pennsylvania. It is a 123-foot-long (37 m) combination Burr truss and queen post bridge constructed in 1869. It crosses Sherman Creek. Its WGCB reference is 38-50-10.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Foxfire is a 1996 film based on the Joyce Carol Oates novel Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang. It examines the coming of age of four high school girls who meet up with a mysterious and beautiful drifter.
 Richard Jeffrey Danzig (born September 18 1944) is an American lawyer who served as the 71st Secretary of the Navy under President Bill Clinton. He served as an advisor to President Barack Obama during his presidential campaign and is currently the Chairman of the national security think-tank the Center for a New American Security.
 The General Post Office (abbreviated: GPO) is the main post office in Lahore Pakistan. Located at GPO Chowk on Mall Road (Shahrah-e-Quaid-e-Azam) near Anarkali the GPO is Pakistan's largest. On average it handles 20000 pieces of mail per day.
 Liptena confusa is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 Kaboïla is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 654 square kilometers and includes 26 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 26272. The village of Kaboïla is 12 km south of Sikasso near the main road the RN7 linking Sikasso with Ouangolodougou in the Ivory Coast.
 C. W. Miller House also known as the Mary Baldwin College Music Building is a historic home located on the campus of Mary Baldwin College at Staunton Virginia. It was built in 1899-1900 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay brick and stone building in a Châteauesque / Romanesque Revival style. It features four decorated brick chimneys with elaborately corbelled caps a one-story wraparound porch and a three-story round tower at the corner of the house.
 The Antiquarian's Family or The Mother-in-law and the Daughter (La famiglia dell'antiquario ossia La suocera e la nuora) is a comedy by Italian author Carlo Goldoni first published in 1749.
 The Royal Melbourne Hospital (RMH) located in Parkville Victoria an inner suburb of Melbourne is one of Australia’s leading public hospitals. It is a major teaching hospital for tertiary health care with a reputation in clinical research. The hospital is managed as part of Melbourne Health which comprises the Royal Melbourne Hospital North West Dialysis Service and North Western Mental Health.The emergency department is at the City Campus Grattan Street Parkville.
 44 Scotland Street is an episodic novel by Alexander McCall Smith the author of The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency. The story was first published as a serial in The Scotsman starting 26 January 2004 every weekday for six months. The book retains the 100+ short chapters of the original. It was partially influenced by Armistead Maupin’s Tales of the City a famous serial story.
 Ubja is a village in Sõmeru Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 22 m² is the debut studio album by Finnish rapper Sini Sabotage. Released on 5 December 2013 via PME Records the album peaked at number 27 on the Finnish Albums Chart.
 Izdebnik [izˈdɛbnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Garwolin and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Sharaabi (English: Drunkard) is a 1984 Indian Hindi drama film produced and directed by Prakash Mehra. This was Prakash Mehra's last hit and sixth in a row with Amitabh the other five being Zanjeer Hera Pheri Muqaddar Ka Sikandar Laawaris and Namak Halaal. He did subsequently make Jaadugar with Amitabh but the film did not click.The movie stars Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya Prada with Pran and Om Prakash along with Bharat Bhushan and Ranjeet. The music was given by Bappi Lahiri.
 Harriette L. Chandler (born December 20 1937 in Baltimore Maryland) is the Massachusetts State Senator for the 1st Worcester district which includes parts of the city of Worcester where she resides and the towns of Boylston Holden Princeton and West Boylston and parts of Clinton and Northborough. She is a Democrat who has served since January 2001. From 1995 to 2001 she was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
 Kenneth Patrick Kenny O'Donnell (March 4 1924 – September 9 1977) was a top aide to U.S. President John F. Kennedy and part of the group of Kennedy's close advisors called the Irish Mafia.
 Ore Monogatari!! (俺物語!!) is a Japanese manga series written by Kazune Kawahara and illustrated by Aruko.
 Marsha Rose Thomson born 21 December 1955 in Melbourne is an Australian politician is a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly for the division of Footscray.Thomson was an economic research officer ministerial adviser Implementation Manager with V/Line and Executive Officer of Youth Policy Development Council before being elected to the Legislative Council for Melbourne North Province in September 1999.
 The Wildhorn (3248 m) is the highest peak of the Wildhorn group in the Bernese Alps. The first ascent was made by Gottlieb Samuel Studer in September 1843.The mountain forms the boundary between the Canton of Valais and the Canton of Berne. Two small glaciers lie on the east face of the Wildhorn: the Glacier des Audannes and the Glacier de Ténéhet.
 Elmar Mammadyarov Maharram oglu (Azerbaijani: Elmar Məmmədyarov Məhərrəm oğlu) born on July 2 1960 Baku) is the Foreign Minister in the Government of Azerbaijan since 2004. Mammadyarov speaks Russian English and Turkish.
 The Coconut Revolution is a 2001 multi-award winning documentary film about the struggle of the indigenous peoples of Bougainville Island. The movement is described as the world's first successful eco-revolution and has drawn parallels with the conflict depicted in the 2009 film Avatar.
 The IBM Building is a 20-story skyscraper in the Metropolitan Tract at 1200 Fifth Avenue Seattle Washington. The building was designed by Minoru Yamasaki who also was architect of Rainier Tower on the corner diagonally opposite and the World Trade Center in New York City.
 Władysławów [vwadɨˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wierzbica 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Chełm and 52 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Memo – Magazine of European Medical Oncology memo - Magazine of European Medical Oncology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer and covering the fields of hematology and oncology. memo is the official journal of the Central European Cooperative Oncology Group.memo includes editorials and comments peer-reviewed original reports short reviews case reports and controversies articles explaining the biology of neoplasia and congress reports.
 Runnin' Wild is a collaboration album by American guitarist Tony Rice mandolinist Larry Rice guitar and banjo player Herb Pedersen and guitar/bass player Chris Hillman. This Anti-supergroup as they call themselves has already issued three volumes of music together. They blend folk music progressive bluegrass and contemporary country and this album contains both original songs as well as country classics.
 Czubajowizna [t͡ʂubajɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Wołomin and 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 At All Costs is American author David Weber's eleventh Honor Harrington novel first published in 2005.
 Procerodidae is a family of marine triclads.
 First Things is an ecumenical journal focused on creating a religiously informed public philosophy for the ordering of society. The journal is inter-denominational and inter-religious representing a broad intellectual tradition of Christian and Jewish critique of contemporary society. Published by the New York-based Institute on Religion and Public Life it is published monthly except for bi-monthly issues covering June/July and August/September.
 Ordinary Alien - The Kinky Roland Files is an album by Boy George featuring a collection of dance recordings made between 2001 and 2009. It was produced by Boy George himself and German record producer Kinky Roland.
 Mir Shams ol Din (Persian: ميرشمس الدين‎ also Romanized as Mīr Shams ol Dīn and Mīr Shams od Dīn) is a village in Mir Shams ol Din Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1386 in 400 families.
 No Great Mischief is a 1999 novel by Alistair MacLeod.
 The Climbers is a 1919 silent film produced and distributed by the Vitagraph Company of America. It is based on Clyde Fitch's Broadway play. This film was directed by Tom Terriss and stars Corinne Griffith.A previous version of Fitch's play had been made in 1915 as The Climbers with Gladys Hanson and a later version in 1927 again as The Climbers with Irene Rich.Print preserved in the Library of Congress.
 Kannadi-II is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. Together with Kannadi-I it forms a part of the Kannadi gram panchayat.
 The Jungfernsee (translated Virgins Lake) is located north of Potsdam Germany. It was a glacial kettle and is now part of the River Havel which runs along its southeastern shore which is also the only part of its shores that is in Berlin. The rest of the Lake lies in the Potsdam district.
 Diwan Bahadur Thodla Raghavaiah CSI was an Indian administrator who served as the Diwan of Travancore from 1920 to 1925. He was a favourite of the Maharaja Moolam Thirunal. His refusal to allow low-caste to enter Hindu temples is believed to have led to the Vaikom Satyagraha.
 The Castroville Japanese Language School also known as the Castroville Nihon Gakko is a historic building located at 11199 Geil St. in Castroville California that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). It was built in 1936 and served Japanese-American sharecropping farmer families of the area as a school as a Buddhist temple and as a community meeting hall.
 Songs from the Mirror (1993) is the third solo album by Scottish singer Fish. It does not contain any original Fish material; instead it is a cover album featuring Fish's versions of songs by artists who inspired him before his career started. The choice of songs by Pink Floyd Genesis David Bowie The Moody Blues and others all originally from a period between 1970 and 1976 reflects Fish's taste in music when he was 12 to 18 years old.
 Sadeq Ardeshir Amoli Larijani (Persian: صادق اردشیر آملی لاریجانی; born 12 March 1960 Najaf Iraq) is an Iranian cleric politician and the current and fifth head of the judicial system of Iran after the 1979 revolution.
 I Me aur Main (English: Me Myself and I) is a Bollywood romance drama film directed by debut film director Kapil Sharma. The film features John Abraham Prachi Desai and Chitrangada Singh in lead roles. It was released on 1 March 2013 the movie flopped on box office.
 The Collared Bush Robin (Tarsiger johnstoniae) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is found in Taiwan.
 John Kershaw (September 12 1765 – August 4 1829) was a U.S. Representative from South Carolina.Born in Camden South Carolina Kershaw attended Rushworth School and Oxford College England where he studied law. He was the son of Joseph Kershaw one of the founders of Camden SC. He married Harriet DuBose in 1812. They were the parents of Major General Joseph Brevard Kershaw a noted Confederate Army officer.
 John A. Kowalko Jr. (born September 17 1945 in Portsmouth Virginia) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Delaware House of Representatives since January 9 2007 representing District 25.
 Blind But Now I See: The Biography of Music Legend Doc Watson is an award-winning book written by Kent Gustavson Ph.D. The book serves as a comprehensive biography of the late guitarist and singer-songwriter Doc Watson (1923-2012).
 Big & Beautiful is the third hip-hop album by The Fat Boys released in April 1986. This would be their last for the Sutra label.
 Goya en Burdeos (English: Goya in Bordeaux) is a 1999 Spanish historical drama film written and directed by Carlos Saura about the life of Francisco de Goya the influential 19th Century Spanish painter.
 Antonio Élie (December 9 1893 – January 15 1968) was a Canadian politician and a ten-term Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.
 In the Springtime of the Year is a 1973 novel by Susan Hill. Hill states that the book was inspired by the sudden death of a man whom she had been close to for eight years.
 Inanidrilus triangulatus is a species of Annelid worm.
 If I Could Only Fly is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard released in 2000. The title song was written by Texas songwriter Blaze Foley. It reached Number 26 on the Billboard Country album chart.
 Santuit Post Office is a historic post office on Main Street in Barnstable Massachusetts.The office was built in 1846 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.
 Dürreych is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Thomas Edmunds Price (born October 8 1954) is the U.S. Representative for Georgia's 6th congressional district serving since 2005. He is a member of the Republican Party. The district is based in the northern suburbs of Atlanta. He previously served as chairman of the Republican Study Committee and the Republican Policy Committee. He is currently vice chairman of the House Budget Committee.
 Gorely (Russian: Горелый) is a volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It consists of five overlapping stratovolcanoes and is one of the most active in southern Kamchatka.Gorely is a large long-lived shield-type volcano that is currently in an eruptive phase.
 Old Brick Church (Lower Church Southwark Parish) is a historic church in Bacon's Castle Virginia. The lower chapel of the Southwark Parish was a brick rectangular room church built in 1754 about a mile northwest of Bacon's Castle in Surry County Virginia. Its brick walls are iregularly laid in Flemish bond and English bond with a few glazed headers. The church remained abandoned from the Disestablishment of the Church of England in America until 1847.
 Hard Tack and Coffee: The Unwritten Story of Army Life (1887) is a memoir by John D. Billings. Billings was a veteran of the 10th Massachusetts Volunteer Artillery Battery in the American Civil War. Originally published in 1888 Hard Tack and Coffee quickly became a best seller and is now considered one of the most important books written by a Civil War veteran.
 Sebastian L. Anefal (born January 21 1952 in Guror Gilman municipality Yap Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands) is a Micronesian politician. He became the foreign minister of the Federated States of Micronesia on September 5 2003 when his nomination was approved by the Micronesian Congress. Through foreign ministry work he gained experiences in international politics and have addressed the United Nations general assembly on some occasions where Micronesia was concerned.
 The Gardner Uptown Historic District is a historic district encompassing the former civic heart of Gardner Massachusetts. The 65-acre (26 ha) area includes the old town common an early cemetery and a modest number of non-residential buildings among a larger number of houses. The area was the center of civic life from the incorporation of Gardner in 1785 until municipal functions were moved to West Gardner beginning in the late 1920s.
 Spilarctia adumbrata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Thomas in 1994. It is found on Sumatra.
 The San Luis Mountains are a small lower elevation mountain range of central-southern Pima County Arizona adjacent the U.S.-Mexico border northeast of Sasabe Arizona–Sasabe Sonora.The range is northwest-southeast trending about 10 miles (16 km) in length. The range borders the Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge to the west; both are in the southeast of the Altar Valley.
 Talking Heads: 77 is the debut album by Talking Heads released in 1977. The single Psycho Killer reached #92 on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart. In 2003 the album was ranked #290 on Rolling Stone magazine's The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list. In his 1995 book The Alternative Music Almanac Alan Cross placed it in the #5 spot on his 10 Classic Alternative Albums list.
 The Tarnița River is a tributary of the Netiş River in Romania.
 Ortalis cana is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 He Wouldn't Kill Patience is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977) who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a locked room mystery and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale and his long-time associate Scotland Yard's Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters.
 The Glory of Their Times: The Story Of The Early Days Of Baseball Told By The Men Who Played It is a book edited by Lawrence Ritter telling the stories of early 20th century baseball. It is widely acclaimed as one of the great books written about baseball.
 Bah Humduck! A Looney Tunes Christmas is a 2006 animated direct-to-video comedy film starring the Looney Tunes and directed by Charles Visser and produced by Warner Bros. Animation. The movie is a spoof of the popular Charles Dickens tale A Christmas Carol.
 Acrophiletis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Iyad bin Amin Madani (born April 1946) is a Saudi public figure who served in different cabinet posts. He is the secretary general of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation. He is the first Saudi official to hold his position.
 For the 1946 film starring Laraine Day see The Locket. For the Farscape episode see The Locket (Farscape episode).The Locket (2002) is a Hallmark Hall of Fame psychological drama film starring Vanessa Redgrave. The movie is a screen adaptation of Richard Paul Evans' novel of the same name adapted by Karen Arthur and premiered on 8 December 2002 on CBS Television.
 Sheykh Hoseynlu (Persian: شيخ حسينلو‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Ḩoseynlū; also known as Shaikh Husain Sheykh Ḩasanlū Sheykh Ḩoseyn and Shikhuseyn) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District Minjavan District Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 131 in 34 families.The inhabitants are followers of Yarsan religion. A prominent spiritual leader of the religion Ali Alipour (D. 1991) lived most of his life in Sheykh Hoseynloo.
 The Lambs Inc. (aka The Lambs Club) is a social club in New York City for actors songwriters and others involved in the theater. It is one of America's oldest theatrical organizations.[citation needed]
 The Middle Branch Mousam River is a 13.9-mile-long (22.4 km) river in southern Maine flowing through the town of Alfred in York County. It is a tributary of the Mousam River which flows to the Atlantic Ocean.
 Neethi is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 The L Tower is condominium development under construction in Toronto Ontario Canada. Designed by architect Daniel Libeskind the structure will be located adjacent to the heritage-designated Sony Centre for the Performing Arts itself a modernist icon of the city at the corner of Yonge and Front Streets. It will not be built atop the existing building as has been mistakenly thought.
 W. Robert Pearson (born 1943) is a former Foreign Service Officer who served as United States Ambassador to Turkey (2000–2003) and later as Director of Human Resources in the Foreign Service until his retirement in 2006. He became the fourth President of the nonprofit International Research & Exchanges Board (IREX) in November 2008.
 Bill Bailey is an American businessman and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party.From Seymour Indiana Bailey graduated from Murray State University and was in the real estate and marketing businesses. Bailey was a former Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives. Bailey is also the former mayor of Seymour Indiana and had also served on Seymour City Council. Bailey is currently the president of the Greater Seymour Chamber of Commerce.
 New! is a British weekly magazine specialising in celebrity news and is published by Northern & Shell who also oversee OK! magazine and the Daily Star.The slogan runs if it's hot it's here and the magazine sells over 500000 copies each week. It features columnists Peter Andre Kym Marsh and most recently Amy Childs. A new issue is released every Tuesday. The current Editor is Kirsty Tyler.
 Jih-chi chiu-chung (Nine Diaries) was the most popular book published by Chinese writer Yu Dafu. Written in 1927 it detailed the events of his affair with the leftist writer Wang Ying-hsia and broke all previous Chinese sales records.
 Põlev lipp (English: The Burning Flag / The Burning Banner) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi. It depicts King Conradin's Italian campaign. It was first published in 1961 in Lund Sweden by Eesti Kirjanike Kooperatiiv (Estonian Writers' Cooperative). In Estonia it was published in 1990.A translation into the French by Jean Pascal Ollivry entitled L'étendard en flammes was published in Paris in 2005.
 Paranotoreas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Parathyreinae is a subfamily of fossil beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following genera and species: Genus Acmaeoderimorpha Alexeev 1993 Acmaeoderimorpha emersa Alexeev 1996 Acmaeoderimorpha ignota Alexeev 1993 Genus Ancestrimorpha Alexeev 1993 Ancestrimorpha volgensis Alexeev 1993 Genus Cretocrassisoma Alexeev 2000 Cretocrassisoma indistinctum (Alexeev 1993) Genus Cretoelegantella Alexeev 2000 Cretoelegantella ponomarenkoi (Alexeev 1993) Genus Dicercoptera Alexeev 1993 Dicercoptera longipennis Alexeev 1993 Genus Karatausia Alexeev 1993 Karatausia maculata Alexeev 1993 Genus Mongoligena Alexeev 1993 Mongoligena curta Alexeev 1993 Mongoligena popovi Alexeev 1993 Mongoligena vulgata Alexeev 1993 Genus Mongolobuprestis Alexeev 1993 Mongolobuprestis gratiosus Alexeev 1993 Genus Paleas Alexeev 1993 Paleas maculipennis Alexeev 1993 Genus Paramongoligena Alexeev 1993 Paramongoligena transversicollis Alexeev 1993 Genus Parathyrea Alexeev 1993 Parathyrea jurassica Alexeev 1993 Genus Pseudochrysobothris Alexeev 1993 Pseudochrysobothris ballae (Whalley & Jarzembowski 1985) Genus Pseudomongoligena Alexeev 2000 Pseudomongoligena schinkudukense Alexeev 2000 Genus Stigmoderimorpha Alexeev 1993 Stigmoderimorpha rasnitsyni Alexeev 1993 Genus Umerata Alexeev 1993 Umerata mirabilis Alexeev 1993↑
 Lori Klein is an American politician from Arizona. A Republican she serves in the Arizona Senate representing the state's 6th district.
 Monumental Church is a former Episcopal Church that stands at 1224 E. Broad Street between N. 12th and College Streets in Richmond Virginia. Designed by architect Robert Mills it is one of America's earliest and most distinctive Greek Revival churches and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places is a National Historic Landmark and is located in the Court End historic district.
 Murali Meets Meera is a 2011 Kannada film in the romance genre starring Prajwal Devaraj and Reema Vohra in the lead roles . The film has been directed and written by director Mahesh Rao and produced by Yogish Hunsur. Abhiman Roy has composed the soundtrack and the background score. The film is slated for release on 22 April 2011.
 North Mamm Peak elevation 11126 ft (3391 m) is a summit of Grand Mesa in the White River National Forest of western Colorado. The peak is located in Garfield County southwest of Rifle.
 Øvre Bardu Chapel (Norwegian: Øvre Bardu kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Bardu in Troms county Norway. It is located along the Sørdalselva river in the Sørdalen valley in eastern Bardu. The church is part of the Bardu parish in the Indre Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1971 by the architect Petter Bratli.
 Army of Lovers or Revolt of the Perverts (German: Armee der Liebenden oder Aufstand der Perverse) is a 1979 German documentary film directed by Rosa von Praunheim. The film mainly shot in San Francisco chronicles the rise of gay activism in the United States between 1972 and 1978 in the aftermath of the Stonewall riots and before the arrival of the AIDS epidemic. It explores among other themes the initial unity formed post-Stonewall era splintered into numerous factions.
 Inquisitor zonata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Dobra River ( Hungarian: Dobra-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Rywociny [rɨvɔˈt͡ɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Działdowo and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 104.
 Strange Brew is an urban fantasy short story anthology edited by P.N. Elrod. It reached the NYTimes extended bestseller list in July 2009.[citation needed]
 Joseph-Achille Francoeur (August 28 1882 – January 21 1959) was a plumber and political figure in Quebec. He represented Montréal-Dorion from 1931 to 1935 and Montréal-Mercier from 1939 to 1948 in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec as a Liberal.He was born in Cap-Saint-Ignace Quebec the son of Auguste Francoeur and Avila Caron and was educated there. He apprenticed in Rivière-du-Loup and Quebec City and established a heating system business in Montreal. He invented a hot water furnace.
 Dance of Druids is the first full-length album by the Russian folk metal band Fferyllt. It was released on 9 February 2009 through Stygian Crypt Productions.
 János Mayer (7 June 1871 – 23 December 1955) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Agriculture twice: between 1921-1922 and 1924-1931. He farmed on his parents' possession after the accomplishment of his studies. He was already engaged in the smallholder movements in his early years. With István Szabó de Nagyatád he founded the Smallholders Party in Heves County. He became a member of the Diet of Hungary in 1914 representing Kápolna and his party.
 Darreh Darreh-ye Olya (Persian: دره دره عليا‎ also Romanized as Darreh Darreh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Darreh Darreh) is a village in Babuyi Rural District Basht District Basht County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 15 families.
 SS (エスエス esu-esu an abbreviation of Special Stage) is a manga by Shohei Harumoto which has been serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic Superior between 2000 to 2003 over nine volumes. The manga has since been adapted into a live action movie by Toho. Singaporean publisher Chuang Yi also translated the manga into both English and Chinese languages under the name SS: Special Stage and SS：赛车手特别篇 (literally SS: Racer's Special) respectively.
 Karimabad-e Ali Verdi (Persian: كريم آباد علي وردي‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād-e ‘Alī Verdī ; also known as ‘Alī Verdī and Karīmābād) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 274 in 70 families.
 Much is the first album by Christian rock band Ten Shekel Shirt released in 2001. The album was nominated for the 2002 Dove Award for Praise & Worship Album of the Year.
 Joanell M. Dyrstad (born October 15 1942) was the 43rd Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota. She served January 7 1991 to January 3 1995 and was elected with Governor Arne Carlson. She ran for the U.S. Senate seat in 1994 but lost in the primary to Rod Grams. She served as an Independent Republican (this was the official name of the state's Republican Party from 1975 – 1995).Born and raised in St.
 Lake Tai or Lake Taihu (Chinese: 太湖 p Tài Hú lit. Great Lake) is a large freshwater lake in the Yangtze Delta plain near Shanghai China. The lake belongs to Jiangsu province and the southern shore forms its border with Zhejiang. With an area of 2250 square kilometers (869 sq mi) and an average depth of 2 meters (6.6 ft) it is the third-largest freshwater lake in China after Poyang and Dongting.
 Ezekiel Magolyo Maige (born 28 March 1970) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Msalala constituency since 2005.
 The Fulmar Prion (Pachyptila crassirostris) is a species of seabird in the Procellariidae family found in the southern oceans
 Mary Marston is a novel by George MacDonald written in 1881 and later republished under the title A Daughter's Devotion.Written at the height of George MacDonald's literary career the story centers around the life of a simple merchant's daughter. Mary Marston's unswerving commitment to love God and others is contrasted with a backdrop of an array of characters and a complex and sometimes mysterious plot.It is a story of a woman who loves a man and teaches him to change.
 Geraldo Júlio de Mello Filho; born 19 March 1971 is a Brazilian politician he is a member of the Brazilian Socialist Party.
 Zhang Jilong (born 9 February 1952 in Yantai People's Republic of China) is a Chinese football administrator who is the current senior vice president of Asian Football Federation. Jilong previously served as a Vice President of AFC from 2002 to 2011 and as Senior Vice President from 11 January 2007 to 1 August 2011. He had been the Acting President of the Asian Football Confederation from 14 June 2011 until 1 May 2013 after the resignation of Mohammed Bin Hammam.
 The Flying Club Cup is the second studio album by Balkan folk-influenced indie folk band Beirut released on October 9 2007 on 4AD Records. The album was pre-released on iTunes on September 4 2007.The album features string arrangements by Arcade Fire contributor Owen Pallett better known by his former stage name Final Fantasy.
 Dmitriy Feodorovich Ustinov (Russian: Дми́трий Фёдорович Усти́нов; 30 October 1908 – 20 December 1984) was Minister of Defense of the Soviet Union from 1976 until his death.
 John LaRue Helm (July 4 1802 – September 8 1867) was the 18th and 24th governor of the U.S. state of Kentucky although his service in that office totaled less than fourteen months. He also represented Hardin County in both houses of the Kentucky General Assembly and was chosen to be the Speaker of the Kentucky House of Representatives four times. In 1838 his sole bid for federal office ended in defeat when his opponent Willis Green was elected to the U.S.
 The Potter's Cart (French: La Voiture du Potier) was an 1896 French silent actuality film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's company Star Film and is numbered 52 in its catalogues. The film is currently presumed lost.
 Karthik is a 2011 Kannada action film starring Karthik Shetty and Archana Gupta in the lead roles.
 Jacaré River (Alagoas) is a river of Alagoas state in eastern Brazil.
 Raising a Father is an American memoir written by Arjun Sen and published by iUniverse in 2009. Sen wrote it as a Christmas gift for his daughter Raka Sen. The book focuses on Sen's relationship with his daughter beginning when she was eight years old. Raising a Father is widely regarded as inspirational writing that helps other fathers understand the needs of their children and how to have a strong relationship with them.
 University Club Tower is a condominium tower in Milwaukee Wisconsin. At 446 feet the tower is the tallest residential building in Wisconsin and third tallest building overall in Milwaukee (and Wisconsin). It is located in Milwaukee's East Town neighborhood adjacent to the shoreline of Lake Michigan.The originally planned tower was designed by Santiago Calatrava (who had just designed the Milwaukee Art Museum) in 2001 and was to have only 25 stories.
 Dek hor (Thai: เด็กหอ also Dorm or My School) is a 2006 Thai horror-drama film.
 Chris Steineger Republican member of the Kansas Senate represented the 6th District from 1997-2013. Steineger switched parties from Democrat to Republican in November 2010. He is married and lives in Kansas City Kansas.
 Saint Joseph Hospital is 468 bed medical center located 2 miles southwest of Downtown Lexington Kentucky United States. Founded in 1877 it is Lexington's oldest still existing hospital. It is part of Catholic Health Initiatives.
 The Hijaz Mountains or Hejaz Range is a mountain range is located in the Hejaz region of western Saudi Arabia.The range runs north—south along the eastern coast of the Red Sea.
 Right at Your Door is a 2006 American thriller film about a couple and follows the events surrounding them when multiple dirty bombs detonate in Los Angeles.Chris Gorak both wrote the screenplay and directed the film in his writing and directorial debuts. It was first screened at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2006 where it was nominated for Cinematography Award and the Grand Jury Prize winning the Cinematography award.
 Kalabha Kadhalan is a 2006 Tamil romantic thriller directed by debutant Igore starring Arya and Renuka Menon. This film was a low-budget production and the soundtrack was composed by Niru. Akshaya also appeared in this family based psycho thriller. It enjoyed relatively quiet success. It shared a similar storyline to a great thriller S.J. Suryah’s Vaali and another 2006 film called Uyir.
 Martin M. Looney (born July 23 1948) is an American politician. Looney a Democrat has been a state senator from Connecticut since 1993. Since 2004 Looney has served as Majority Leader of the Senate.Looney a resident of New Haven represents the eastern half of the city as well as part of Hamden in the Connecticut Senate.
 James W. Rankin is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 The Frânca River is a tributary of the Orjogoaia River in Romania.
 Lazarevo Selo is a village situated in Niška Banja municipality in Serbia.
 The Last Canadian is a 1974 science fiction novel by William C. Heine about the adventures of Eugene Arnprior after North America is devastated by a plague. The U.S. release of the novel was titled Death Wind.
 The Conman is a 1998 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau Athena Chu and Nick Cheung. Despite the Chinese title which translates as Knight of Gamblers 1999 Andy Lau does not reprise his role as the Knight of Gamblers from the God of Gamblers series which was also directed by Wong Jing. The film was followed by a sequel The Conmen in Vegas which Lau and Cheung return with new cast members Natalis Chan Kelly Lin Meggie Yu and Alex Man.
 Marinelli Glacier is a tidewater glacier located in Alberto de Agostini National Park Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego. The glacier spills out from the backbone of the Cordillera Darwin and calves into Ainsworth Bay an embayment of the Almirantazgo Fjord. The Marinelli Glacier is in a state of retreat beginning at least as early as 1960 and continuing to the present time.Meltwater of Marinelli glacier discharges to form the headwaters of Marinelli Creek.
 The Minot Daily News is a newspaper printed in Downtown Minot North Dakota. It was originally the Burlington Reporter and was published out of Burlington until the early 20th century. It was at that time that it was transformed into the newspaper that is currently published.It is the primary daily paper for north central and northwest North Dakota. Its average daily circulation is 21848 on Sundays and 20974 on weekdays.The paper's editorial viewpoint is conservative to libertarian.
 Buller's Shearwater (Puffinus bulleri) is a Pacific species of seabird in the family Procellariidae; it is also known as the Grey-backed Shearwater or New Zealand Shearwater. A member of the black-billed wedge-tailed Thyellodroma group among the larger shearwaters of the proposed genus Ardenna it forms a superspecies with the Wedge-tailed Shearwater (P. pacificus).
 Ocalkens Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 674.Ocalkens Lake is just east of Calkens Peak southwest of the Chinese Wall and north of D. O. Lee Peak.
 African Research Review is an open-access peer-reviewed academic journal published by the International Association of African Researchers and Reviewers. It is a multi-disciplinary journal covering African studies.
 The Cure is a 1995 comedy-drama film starring Brad Renfro and Joseph Mazzello about two boys searching for the cure of AIDS from which one of them is suffering. It was produced by Eric Eisner and Mark Burg.
 Angles Without Edges is the first album released by hip hop producer Madlib's Jazz project Yesterdays New Quintet. Although a fictional quintet or virtual band in reality it is Madlib playing the instruments while giving credit to fictional characters. The album was released in 2001 under Stones Throw Records on Compact Disc and vinyl record.
 Niranjanapur or Niranjanpur is a village in the Bidhuna tehsil of Auraiya District in Uttar Pradesh India.
 Hopkinton Dam and Spillway is a historic site at the eastern end of Hopkinton Reservoir in Hopkinton State Park in Ashland Massachusetts. The western end of the reservoir lies in the town of Hopkinton.It was constructed in 1891 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Paul LeVota is the State Senator in Missouri’s 11th District. This district includes Independence Sugar Creek parts of East Kansas City Buckner and unincorporated Jackson County. Paul believes our community deserves a senator who will stand up for common sense accountability.Paul LeVota is a lifelong resident of Independence Missouri. He has been married to his college sweetheart Nancy since 1992.
 Firestorm is a 1998 action thriller film directed by Dean Semler and starring Howie Long Scott Glenn William Forsythe and Suzy Amis.
 Głogów [ˈɡwɔɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Wieniawa 19 km (12 mi) east of Przysucha and 90 km (56 mi) south of Warsaw.
 William Richardson House is a historic home located at Union Springs in Cayuga County New York. It was built about 1840 and is a remarkably intact late Federal / early Greek Revival–style farmhouse. It is a 2-story three-bay brick dwelling main block with a 1 1⁄2-story side ell and 1 1⁄2-story rear wing. Also on the property are four late-19th-century / early-20th-century barns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Eueides is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Heliconiinae in the family Nymphalidae.
 The Red-billed Scythebill (Campylorhamphus trochilirostris) is a species of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily.The Red-billed Scythebill is a fairly large species of woodcreeper. The total length of the species is 24–28 cm (9.5–11 in). As its name indicates the bill is long downcurved and reddish in coloration. The back is red-brown and the belly is lighter cinnamon-brown shade.
 Loudon Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic church of the Cumberland Presbyterian denomination located on College Street in Loudon Tennessee.The congregation was established in Loudon in August 1853 although its official records begin in March 1855.The church building which was the congregation's third home is a Carpenter Gothic design. The building was completed and dedicated in 1882. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Frederick River is a river in the Pilbara of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the Kenneth Range. The river flows in a south-westerly direction until it merges with the Lyons River near Cobra Station homestead.The only tributary of the Frederick river is Mulga Wash.The river was named in 1866 by the explorer Edward Hooley who was on expedition in the area after Frederick Roe the son of John Septimus Roe.
 House with Chimaeras or Gorodetsky House (Ukrainian: Будинок з химерами Budynok z khymeramy; Russian: Дом с химерами Dom s khimerami) is an Art Nouveau building located in the historic Lypky neighborhood of Kiev the capital of Ukraine. Situated across the street from the President of Ukraine's office at No. 10 Bankova Street the building has been used as a presidential residence for official and diplomatic ceremonies since 2005.
 The Riddle-Master of Hed is a fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip. It is the first book of the Riddle Master Trilogy the following two books being Heir of Sea and Fire and Harpist in the Wind. It was published in 1976.The trilogy makes use of a number of themes from Celtic mythology.[citation needed]It takes place in a fantasy world divided into a number of countries. Each ruler has a mystical awareness of his or her land: the land-rule. The seldom-seen High One presides over all.
 Paramphistomum cervi the type species of genus Paramphistomum is an parasitic flat worm belonging to the class Trematoda. It is a tiny fluke mostly parasitising livestock ruminants as well as some wild mammals. Uniquely unlike most parasites the adult worms are relatively harmless but it is the developing juveniles that cause serious disease called paramphistomiasis (or classically amphistomosis) especially in cattle and sheep.
 Amar Ghoul (ar) (born 21 February 1961) is an Algerian politician and the current Minister of Public Works in the Algerian government.Amar Ghoul was born in the wilaya of Ain Defla. He obtained his bac in maths at school in Miliana in 1980. In 1986 he took the post of engineer of State Civil Engineering in à Rouiba (ع ن). He continued his studies and obtained a DEA in nuclear engineering. In 1989 he left for France and in 1991 obtained a Doctorate in nuclear engineering.
 Antygomonas is a genus of marine invertebrates known as mud dragons.
 Vermilion is a village in Stratton and Elbridge Township townships Edgar County Illinois United States. The population was 225 at the 2010 census.
 Terebiniec [tɛrɛˈbiɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Werbkowice 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Hrubieszów and 103 km (64 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 The Postojna Gate (Slovene: Postojnska vrata) also Adriatic Gate and Italo-Illyrian Gate is a major mountain pass of the Dinaric Alps. Located in Slovenia the pass's approximately 30-kilometre (19 mi) wide saddle allows for the lowest crossing of the Dinaric Alps at an elevation of 606 metres (1988 ft) and a second higher crossing at the Hrušica plateau. It is bordered to the south by the Javornik Hills (Javorniki) and to the north by the Trnovo Forest.
 Łojew [ˈwɔjɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Łochów 25 km (16 mi) north-west of Węgrów and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Studia Patristica is a peer-reviewed academic book series established in 1957 that covers the study of patristics. It is the official publication of the Oxford International Conference on Patristic Studies which was first convened in Oxford in 1951 under the direction of F. L. Cross and has met at four-yearly intervals since. Conference papers have been published in the Studia Patristica since the 1955 conference.
 Glasul (English: The Voice) known later as Glasul Naţiunii (English: The Nation's Voice) was the first newspaper in the Republic of Moldova to appear in the Latin alphabet during the dying years of the Soviet Union. Glasul Naţiunii was founded in 1988 by Leonida Lari.
 Impeckable is Budgie's seventh album released in February 1978 on A&M Records.
 The Bonnie & Clyde EP is an EP by the band The Afghan Whigs.
 Amber is The Landmark Mandarin Oriental's modern French restaurant. Richard Ekkebus is the current executive chef.
 Paris is Burning is a 2006 EP release by American musician St. Vincent.
 Market House also known as The Market Hall and The D.L.& W. Hall is a historic market building located at Oswego in Oswego County New York. It was built in 1835 and is a massive brick and stone structure overlooking the Oswego River. The structure originally housed several government entities including city hall. A new city hall was constructed in 1870 and completed in 1872. A section of the basement is believed to have been used as a jail.
 Karamlu (Persian: كرملو‎ also Romanized as Karamlū; also known as Karam Chalkī Karam Shāhlū and Karamshakli) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District Arshaq District Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 410 in 99 families.
 The Land Has Eyes (Pear ta ma 'on maf in Rotuman) is a 2004 Fiji Islander film written and directed by Vilsoni Hereniko. It is the first ever (and so far only) feature film from Fiji.
 Gymnothorax panamensis is a moray eel found in the eastern Pacific ocean. It was first named by Franz Steindachner in 1876 and is commonly known as the Panamic moray or the Masked moray.
 Land and Sons (Icelandic: Land og synir) is a 1980 Icelandic drama film directed by Ágúst Guðmundsson. The film was selected as the Icelandic entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Nemophora cupriacella is a moth of the family Adelidae that is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 12–16 millimetres (0.47–0.63 in). Adults are on wing from the end of June to July.The larvae feed on Knautia Succisa and Scabiosa species.
 The Pristos River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Baekhwasan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 233 metres.
 Clang of the Yankee Reaper is a 1976 album by Van Dyke Parks containing only one original Parks composition. It continues his exploration of Calypso music started in the previous album Discover America. In particular it contains several songs by The Mighty Sparrow and Lord Kitchener as well as a diverse selection of past and present music in the tradition of the Americas.Parks has reflected harshly of the album years later describing it as brain dead.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church of East Cleveland is a current and historic church in East Cleveland Ohio. It was built in 1846 and it was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is credited to the firm of Coburn Barnum & Benes.
 Digital III at Montreux is a 1979 live album featuring a compilation of performances by Ella Fitzgerald Count Basie Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen Joe Pass and Ray Brown recorded at the 1979 Montreux Jazz Festival. It was produced and has liner notes by Norman Granz the cover photo is byPhil Stern.This is one of four albums featuring Fitzgerald at the Montreux Jazz Festival and is Fitzgerald's third Montreux appearance to be released on record.
 Vasil Ivanavich Kazlow (Belarusian: Васіль Іванавіч Казлоў Vasil Ivanavič Kazłoŭ; Russified: Василий Иванович Козлов Vasily Ivanovich Kozlov; March 3 [O.S. 18 February] 1903 - December 2 1967) was a Soviet politician.
 Blue Friend (ブルーフレンド) is a yuri manga by Eban Fumi (えばんふみ Eban Fumi) which runs in the monthly shoujo magazine Ribon.
 The Église Saint-Pothin (English: Church of Saint Pothinus) is one of the religious buildings of Lyon on the left bank of the Rhône in the 6th arrondissement of Lyon on the Place Edgar Quinet. By order of 2 May 2007 the whole church was included in the supplementary inventory of monuments historiques.
 Tropidion is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Tropidion abditum Martins 1968 Tropidion acanthonotum (Martins 1962) Tropidion argentina Galileo & Martins 2010 Tropidion atricolle (Martins 1962) Tropidion aurulentum Martins 1971 Tropidion balfourbrownei Martins 1968 Tropidion batesi Martins 1968 Tropidion bituberculatum (Audinet-Serville 1834) Tropidion boliviensis Galileo & Martins 2010 Tropidion breviusculum (Thomson 1867) Tropidion brunniceps (Thomson 1865) Tropidion calciope (Thomson 1867) Tropidion carinicolle (Bates 1872) Tropidion castaneum Martins 1968 Tropidion centrale (Martins 1962) Tropidion cinctulum (Bates 1870) Tropidion citrinum Martins 1968 Tropidion contortum Martins 1968 Tropidion cruentum Martins & Napp 1986 Tropidion ecoparaba Martins & Galileo 2007 Tropidion elegans (Gounelle 1909) Tropidion enochrum Martins 1968 Tropidion epaphum (Berg 1889) Tropidion erythrurum (Martins 1962) Tropidion extraordinarium Martins & Galileo 1999 Tropidion fairmairei (Gounelle 1909) Tropidion fernandezi Joly 1991 Tropidion festivum (Martins 1962) Tropidion flavipenne (Martins 1964) Tropidion flavipes (Thomson 1867) Tropidion flavum (Martins 1962) Tropidion fuscipenne (Gounelle 1913) Tropidion hermione (Thomson 1867) Tropidion hispidum Martins 1971 Tropidion igneicolle (Martins 1962) Tropidion inerme (Martins 1962) Tropidion intermedium (Martins 1962) Tropidion investitum (Martins 1962) Tropidion iuba Martins & Galileo 2007 Tropidion kjellanderi (Martins 1965) Tropidion lepidum Martins 1971 Tropidion litigiosum Martins 1968 Tropidion mirabile Martins 1971 Tropidion nordestinum (Martins 1962) Tropidion obesum Martins 1968 Tropidion ochraceum Martins & Galileo 2007 Tropidion periboeoides (Thomson 1867) Tropidion persimile (Martins 1960) Tropidion personatum (Gounelle 1909) Tropidion pictipenne (Martins 1962) Tropidion pinima Martins & Galileo 2007 Tropidion praecipuum Martins 1971 Tropidion pubicolle Martins & Napp 1986 Tropidion pulvinum Martins 1968 Tropidion pusillum (Martins 1960) Tropidion rubricatum (Gounelle 1909) Tropidion rusticum (Gounelle 1909) Tropidion salamis (Thomson 1867) Tropidion semirufum Martins 1968 Tropidion signatum (Audinet-Serville 1834) Tropidion silvestre (Martins 1965) Tropidion sipolisi (Gounelle 1909) Tropidion subcruciatum (White 1855) Tropidion supernotatum (Gounelle 1909) Tropidion tendyra Martins & Galileo 2007 Tropidion tymauna Martins & Galileo 2007 Tropidion validum (Martins 1962) Tropidion vianai Martins 1971 Tropidion vicinum (Gounelle 1913) Tropidion xanthocele (Martins 1962) Tropidion zonapterum (Martins 1962)↑
 Zizakesh (Persian: زيزاكش‎ also Romanized as Zīzākesh) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 11 families.
 Khvorjestan (Persian: خورجستان‎ also Romanized as Khvorjestān) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1022 in 244 families.
 Diceratura roseofasciana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in southern Europe (from Portugal to Romania Ukraine and European Russia) and in Asia Minor Iran (Khuzestan Province) Transcaucasia and Kazakhstan.The wingspan is 9-13 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.
 Hirekoppa K.M. is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Sinclair Pass (el. 1486 m or 4875 ft) is a high mountain pass in Kootenay National Park between the Columbia and Kootenay Rivers to the northeast of present-day Radium Hot Springs in the province of British Columbia Canada. It was named after James Sinclair.
 Krivaja is a village in the municipality of Šabac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 952 people.
 Excellent Cadavers (also known as Falcone) is a 1999 television film directed by Ricky Tognazzi.The film is based on the book with the same name by Alexander Stille and tells the real life events of judge Giovanni Falcone. It was filmed in Palermo and Rome.The TV movie was broadcast by HBO October 16 1999. In Italy it was released theatrically with the title I giudici - vittime eccellenti on August 2000.
 The National Museum of Natural History Maltese: Mużew Nazzjonali tal-Istorja Naturali is a natural history museum in the mediaeval walled city of Mdina Malta. It is housed in Palazzo Vilhena a French Baroque palace rebuilt in 1726 by Grand Master Antonio Manoel de Vilhena to designs of Charles François de Mondion.
 Sand Hill (1070+ feet or 326+ m) is the second highest summit in the U.S. state of Indiana. It is located in northeastern Wayne Township in Noble County approximately two and a half miles southeast of the town of South Milford. A burial ground known as Weston Chapel Cemetery is on the southeastern face of the hill.The highest summit in Indiana is Hoosier Hill in Wayne County (1257 feet or 383 metres)
 Tales of Ten Worlds is a collection of short stories by science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke. The stories all originally appeared in a number of different publications.
 The Inept Drasteria (Drasteria inepta) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Arizona to Texas north to Colorado and Utah.The wingspan is 35-43 mm. Adults are on wing from April to August.
 El Negrell is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1345 metres above sea level.
 Got to Be There is the Gold-certified solo debut album by Michael Jackson released by Motown Records on January 24 1972. It includes the song of the same name which was released in the October 7 1971 as Jackson's debut solo single. It would go on to sell nearly 900000 copies in the United States and over 3.2 million copies worldwide. The album was later remastered and reissued in 2009 as part of the 3-disc compilation Hello World: The Motown Solo Collection.
 Komagfjord Church (Norwegian: Komagfjord kirke) is a parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Komagfjord. The church is part of the Talvik parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The brown wooden church was built in 1959-1960 and it was consecrated on 10 April 1960.
 I Saw the Devil (Hangul: 악마를 보았다; RR: Angmareul boatda) is a 2010 South Korean psychological thriller/horror film directed by Kim Ji-woon written by Park Hoon-jung and starring Choi Min-sik and Lee Byung-hun. The film premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival and had a limited U.S theatrical release. The film was Choi Min-sik's first major role since his self-imposed exile in protest of the changes to the Korean screen quota system. The film has received generally positive reviews.
 The Rusty-breasted Nunlet (Nonnula rubecula) is a species of puffbird in the Bucconidae family.It is found in two major ranges regions of the central Amazon Basin with parts of the Guianas; the second is in southeastern Brazil with Paraguay and Argentina including in the interior the cerrado.It is found in Argentina Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Paraguay Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
 Sally Huffer (born September 17 1965) is an American LGBT activist that resides in Houston (Texas USA).
 The Tale of Phạm Công and Cúc Hoa (范公菊花 Phạm Công – Cúc Hoa) is an anonymous 18th Century Vietnamese language poem written in luc bat verse and vernacular chu nom script. As with two similar poems Phạm Tải – Ngọc Hoa and Tống Trân and Cúc Hoa the title is made of the two names of a star-crossed couple the boy Phạm Công and the girl Cúc Hoa.
 Icarus at the Edge of Time is a 2008 novella by physicist Brian Greene illustrated by Chip Kidd with images from the Hubble Space Telescope.
 Opium fürs Volk (Opium for the people) is the seventh studio album by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen. Although it's not considered a concept album it has a central theme of religion (exemplified by the intro Vaterunser Die zehn Gebote and Paradies). It's regarded as one of the best DTH albums.[1][2] The title is derived from a common misquotation of Karl Marx who called religion the Opium of the People - Opium des Volkes.
 Bargłów Dworny [ˈbarɡwuf ˈdvɔrnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Bargłów Kościelny 10 km (6 mi) south-west of Augustów and 77 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Alhaji Abdu Dawakin Tofa was a Nigerian agriculturalist and academic who was briefly governor of Kano State between May and October 1983 during the Nigerian Second Republic.Abdu Dawakin Tofa earned a Higher Diploma from the School of Agriculture Samaru Zaria.From 1954 to 1960 he was an agricultural assistant in the former Borno Province.Tofa was a senior academic at the Audu Bako School of Agriculture Dambatta when he was appointed Commissioner for Agriculture for Kano State in 1979.
 Full Circle is a collaborative album between musicians Holger Czukay Jah Wobble and Jaki Liebezeit released in 1982 through Virgin Records.
 Raw Spirit: In Search of the Perfect Dram is a nonfiction book by Iain Banks first published in 2003. It is his only non-fiction book.
 Black Bone is an album by American jazz trombonist and composer Craig Harris recorded in 1983 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 Bistro Klein Paardenburg is a former restaurant located in Ouderkerk aan de Amstel in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the periods 1976-1979 and 1985-1990. The restaurant was unexpectedly closed down on 31 January 2011 for no obvious reason.Klein Paardenburg was founded by Ton Fagel in 1967. He sold the restaurant in 1999.
 Rage: A Love Story is a young adult novel by Julie Anne Peters. It was first published in hardback in 2009. The story follows Johanna who falls in love with Reeve who has suffered much abuse in her life. When their relationship struggles Reeve begins to physically abuse Johanna who stays with her girlfriend despite the violence.[citation needed]
 Dahle is a river of Saxony Germany. It is a left tributary of the Elbe.
 Melvin Herbert Evans (August 7 1917 – November 27 1984) was the first elected Governor of the United States Virgin Islands serving from 1969 to 1975. After serving as governor he was delegate from the United States Virgin Islands to the United States House of Representatives from 1979 to 1981.Evans was born in Christiansted in Saint Croix and attended Howard University Washington D.C. and the University of California Berkeley.
 The Riverside Inn is a hotel and dinner theater in Cambridge Springs Crawford County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Built in the late-1880s at the height of the mineral springs craze in the United States it was operated as a resort for vacationers heading to the nearby springs that gave Cambridge Springs its name. The Riverside Inn was the first of many resorts to be built in and the only one that remains from that period. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Temptation of Eileen Hughes published in 1981 is a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore. It portrays a quiet young shop assistant from Northern Ireland and her relationship with her rich employers Bernard and Mona McAuley who take her on a trip to London.The New York Times while appreciating the qualities of Moore's earlier novels was critical of this one for being so sketchy anemic and hurried that one is led to wonder what has gone amiss.
 Alleh-ye Hajj Abdol Ali (Persian: عله حاج عبدالعلي‎ also Romanized as ʿAlleh-ye Ḩājj ʿAbdol ʿAlī) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District in the Central District of Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 320 in 53 families.
 New Life Christian Center (NLCC known as New Life) is a church in the Philippines. Its headquarters is based in Alabang Muntinlupa City Metro Manila Philippines.
 Five Serpent's Teeth is the third album by the English thrash metal band Evile. It was released on 26 September 2011 in Europe and on 18 October 2011 in North America The album was produced by Russ Russell (Napalm Death Dimmu Borgir) at Parlour Studios Kettering England. It is the first album not to feature original bassist Mike Alexander who died while on tour just weeks after the release of Infected Nations. It is the first album to feature bassist Joel Graham.
 Maestro is a 1989 novel written by Australian author Peter Goldsworthy. It is a bildungsroman which deals with the themes of art and life.The novel was shortlisted for the 1990 Miles Franklin Award. It has been translated into German and is a set text on year-twelve syllabuses in several Australian states. It was chosen for the inaugural Australian One Book—One Town project.
 Charleta Tavares is a Democratic member of the Ohio Senate representing the 15th district since her election in November 2010. Prior to her election to the Senate Tavares served in the Ohio House of Representatives as Chief of Children's Protection Services and as a City Council member in Columbus Ohio. She ran unsuccessfully for Ohio Secretary of State in 1998 and for Lieutenant Governor of Ohio in 2002.
 The Agout (Occitan: Agot) is a 195 km long river in south-western France left tributary of the Tarn River. Its source is in the southern Massif Central in the Parc naturel régional du Haut-Languedoc. It flows generally west through the following départements and towns: Hérault: La Salvetat-sur-Agout Tarn: Brassac Castres Lavaur Saint-SulpiceThe Agout flows into the Tarn River in Saint-Sulpice.Among its tributaries are the Dadou the Gijou and the Thoré.
 Hajji Beyk-e Olya (Persian: حاجي بيك عليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Beyk-e ‘Olyā and Ḩājjī Beyg-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ḩājjī Beyk-e Bālā Ājī Beyk and Hājī Bāi) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 807 in 146 families.
 Lonely Planet is a two character play written by Steven Dietz. The play tells the story of Jody and Carl two gay men who live in an unnamed American city. The play was written during the midst of the AIDS epidemic which is the central focus of the story though ultimately the play sends the message that one should pay attention to the world around them and realize its problems rather than shun it. The play heavily references the Eugène Ionesco comedy The Chairs.
 The Königstuhl (German pronunciation: [ˈkøːnɪçˌʃtuːl]) translated Kings seat is a 567 metre high hill in the Odenwald Mountains and in the city of Heidelberg in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
 Mediaweek was a New York–based trade magazine owned by e5 Global Media. It is part of Adweek Media Group which in October 2008 announced the merging of its three separate editorial teams (Adweek Brandweek and Mediaweek) into one. In 2011 Mediaweek and Brandweek were merged into Adweek.The chief editor was Michael Burgi.
 Seaside Retreat (foaled May 1 2003 in Kentucky) is a Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in Canada and the United States from a base at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto Ontario. As a foal of 2003 he was a possible contender for the U.S. Triple Crown in 2006 and finished tenth in the Kentucky Derby.
 Termitotroginae is a monotypic subfamily of the family Scarabaeidae the scarab beetles. The only genus in the subfamily is Termititrox. A second genus Aphodiocopris Arrow 1920 has been synonymised with Termitotrox.
 Rabbit Mountain is an eroded volcanic outcrop in the Wrangell Volcanic Field Yukon Territory Canada located 30 km southwest of Koidern and 4 km northwest of Canyon Mountain. It is east of the Yukon-Alaska boundary and can be accessed by old mining roads that reach Rabbit Creek. Rabbit Mountain formed as a result of melting of the crust due to subduction of the Pacific Plate beneath the North American Plate and last erupted during the Pliocene.
 Dizak (Persian: ديزك‎ also Romanized as Dīzak; also known as Dizaik) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Tafresh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 22 families.
 Steve Jones' book Almost like a Whale is a modern introduction to Charles Darwin's Origin of Species and closely follows its structure. It won the 1999 BP Natural World Book Prize.An American version was published as Darwin's Ghost: The Origin of Species Updated (ISBN 978-0-375-50103-6).The title refers to Darwin's observation that a bear swimming in a lake and catching insects in its mouth might conceivably evolve over time into a creature almost like a whale.
 The Dobruș River is a tributary of the Răcătău River in Romania.
 The Streets of San Francisco is the second full-length album by Californian punk rock band Swingin' Utters released in 1995. It was produced by Lars Frederiksen of Rancid. All songs were newly recorded for the album although several had been on the band's previous releases.The original LP was issued by New Red Archives and released on at least four different colors of vinyl: orange yellow purple and blue.
 Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان اباد‎ also Romanized as Solṭānābād) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 5 families.
 Holy Trinity Church (Heilige Dreieinigkeit) was the first German-speaking Roman Catholic church in Cincinnati Ohio. It was located at West Fifth Street and Mound Street in Cincinnati's historic West End. The parish was founded in 1834 and the church was dedicated on October 5 1834. Holy Trinity was founded to serve the growing tide of German-speaking Catholic population in Cincinnati. It was the mother church of the many German Catholic Churches in Cincinnati.
 The Jet Age Museum is the trading name of the Gloucestershire Aviation Collection an all-volunteer charitable organisation dedicated to the preservation of Gloucestershire's aviation heritage. the aviation museum is located on the north side of Gloucestershire Airport between Gloucester and Cheltenham. It houses a number of aircraft aero engines cockpits and other related exhibits.
 Bulmer's tree frog (Litoria bulmeri) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.It is found in Papua New Guinea and possibly West Papua in Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
 Gavrilov is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the south of the heavily eroded crater Vernadskiy and north of Vetchinkin.This is a circular and relatively symmetric crater formation with some erosion of the outer rim. There are some small craterlets in the eastern half of the interior and a small central rise near the midpoint.
 Nannambra is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Goodbye Blue Monday is the third album from Canadian singer-songwriter Jeremy Fisher. It was released March 11 2007 on Aquarius Records in Canada and was released on August 28 2007 in the United States.The album title is the alternate name for Kurt Vonnegut's novel Breakfast of Champions. It is also a performance venue for experimental pop artists in Bushwick Brooklyn and a coffeehouse in Northfield Minnesota.
 Bersan (1882-1904) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. He was foaled in Kentucky and bred by Frank B. Harper who also owned his sire Ten Broeck and dam Sallie M. Green B. Morris purchased Bersan as a yearling for $10000.Trained by Morris as a three-year-old Bersan was one of the best Thoroughbreds racing in the United States. He ran second to Joe Cotton in the 1885 Kentucky Derby and won the Phoenix Hotel Stakes Clark Handicap Latonia Derby and Travers Stakes among others.
 Karmutzen Mountain is a mountain located in the Karmutzen Range on Vancouver Island in British Columbia. It is to the west of Nimpkish Lake which was formally known as Karmutzen Lake.
 Warm Water Under a Red Bridge (赤い橋の下のぬるい水 Akai Hashi no Shita no Nurui Mizu) is a 2001 Japanese film by director Shohei Imamura. This was Imamura's last feature film. It was entered into the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Somali Wheatear (Oenanthe phillipsi) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is found in Ethiopia and Somalia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
 Saint Anthony's Hospital in Morrilton Arkansas is an Art Deco style building built in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Museum of Fine Arts in St. Petersburg Florida USA opened to the public in 1965. It was established by Margaret Acheson Stuart (1896–1980).The museum displays thousands of objects from early antiquity to the present day– one of the most comprehensive art collections on Florida’s west coast.
 Wishing is a compilation album by new wave band A Flock of Seagulls released in 1996.
 The Red-backed Fairywren (Malurus melanocephalus) is a species of passerine bird in the Maluridae family. It is endemic to Australia and can be found near rivers and coastal areas along the northern and eastern coastlines from the Kimberley in the northwest to the Hunter Region in New South Wales. Like other fairywrens this species displays marked sexual dimorphism.
 Wild Butterfly (国境の蝶 Kokkyō no Chō) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hiroki Kusumoto. Oakla Publishing released the manga on January 12 2007. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on August 12 2008.
 The Hanna-Kenty House is located at 251 E. High St. in Lisbon Ohio. It is also known as the Marcus Hanna Boyhood Home.The home is recognized for its local architectural significance. It combines the early 19th century Federal style and the early 20th century Colonial Revival style.
 Poor White is an American novel by Sherwood Anderson published in 1920.
 Batuša (Cyrillic: Батуша) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mr. Bojangles is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1973 and released on the Cadet label.
 Square the Circle is the thirteenth studio album by British singer-songwriter Joan Armatrading. The album was written arranged and produced by Joan Armatrading and recorded at Bumpkin Studios her own purpose built studios. It was released on 23 June 1992 by A&M Records (75021 5388 2). It was also released on cassette and digital formats. Square the Circle was Armatrading's last album for A&M Records – after its release she signed for RCA.
 Emamzadeh Seyyed Mohammad (Persian: امامزاده سيدمحمد‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Seyyed Moḩammad; also known as Emāmzādeh Moḩammad) is a village in Khonjesht Rural District in the Central District of Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Halakhak Komiks (literally Guffaw Comics or Laughter Comics) is the first regularly published comics magazine in the Philippines. Its first publication was on November 15 1946. It was founded by Filipino illustrator Isaac Tolentino and Filipino lawyer Jaime Lucas.
 Monte Porale is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines.
 Spirostreptida is an order of long cylindrical millipedes. There are approximately 1000 described species making Spirostrepida the second largest order of millipedes after Polydesmida.
 Honky Tonk Attitude is the third studio album by American country music artist Joe Diffie. Released in 1993 it features the singles Honky Tonk Attitude Prop Me Up Beside the Jukebox (If I Die) John Deere Green and In My Own Backyard which respectively reached #5 #3 #5 and #19 on the Hot Country Songs charts. The song If I Had Any Pride Left at All was later recorded by John Berry on his 1995 album Standing on the Edge from which it was released as a single.
 Le Petit Robert is a popular single-volume French dictionary first published by Paul Robert in 1967 an abridgement of his eight-volume Dictionnaire alphabétique et analogique de la langue française.As of 2008 it is in its fourth edition and is available in both print and electronic forms.It is also widely used across European nations.It is published by Dictionnaires Le Robert.
 Madame John's Legacy is a house in the French Quarter of New Orleans Louisiana. The name is taken from a story by George Washington Cable. The house was built in 1788 after a fire destroyed much of the neighborhood.
 Underwood's long-tongued bat (Hylonycteris underwoodi) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is monotypic within the genus Hylonycteris.[citation needed] It is found in Belize Guatemala Mexico Nicaragua and Panama.
 Batagurinae is a subfamily of turtles. The following genera are placed here:
 Harold Hellbaum (September 26 1926 – March 9 2007) was a prominent farmer rancher and businessman in Platte County near Wheatland north of Cheyenne who was a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives from 1963 to 1976. He was the House Speaker during his last two-year term from 1975 to 1976.Hellbaum was born in Wheatland to Herman Hellbaum (1892–1970) and the former Lydia Lust (1895–1988).
 Tsurikichi Sanpei (釣りキチ三平 lit. Fishing Enthusiast Sanpei) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Takao Yaguchi. The manga is serialised in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 1973 to 1983. Kodansha has published the manga's 57 bound volumes between July 5 2003 and October 5 2005.The manga was adapted into an 109-episode anime series. Directed by Yoshikata Nitta the anime's 109 episodes were broadcast on Fuji TV between April 7 1980 and July 28 1982.
 Enchiridion militis Christiani or Handbook of a Christian Knight (or: Soldier) was written by Desiderius Erasmus in 1501 and was published in English in 1533 by William Tyndale.During a stay in Tournehem a castle near Saint-Omer Erasmus encountered an uncivilized yet friendly soldier who was an acquaintance of Battus Erasmus' close friend.
 Not Here to Please You is an EP by British band Hadouken! released in USB form and Digital Download only.The band announced on 1 October 2007 that they would be doing something slightly different for their second mixtape.
 Fjala e emigrantit is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Speedway is a 1929 silent film about a car racer who clashes with his father also a driver at the Indianapolis Speedway.
 Coghlan Castle is a building in Rolette County North Dakota near St. John North Dakota. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 16 2008 and is the third property that is listed as featured property of the week.It is of stone construction.
 The Pârâul Urșilor is a headwater of the Lăpuşel River in Romania.
 Scopula spissitarsata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in western Sumatra.
 Sir James Drummond Bone FRSE FRSA (born 11 July 1947) is a Byron scholar and current Master of Balliol College Oxford. Bone had previously served as Vice-Chancellor of the University of Liverpool from 2002 to 2008.
 The Spanish River is a river of Jamaica. It flows from north to south the height of its delta is 0-40m. The Spring Garden near the Spanish River was one of the earliest sugar plantations in Jamaica.
 Mamma Gógó is a 2010 Icelandic drama film directed by Friðrik Þór Friðriksson. The film was selected as the Icelandic entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Zimolza [ʑiˈmɔlza] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin within Żuromin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Żuromin and 115 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Five Cartridges (German: Fünf Patronenhülsen) is a 1960 East German film directed by Frank Beyer and starring Erwin Geschonneck Armin Mueller-Stahl and Manfred Krug.
 Edgar Jacob Herschler (October 27 1918 – February 5 1990) popularly known as Gov. Ed was the 28th Governor of Wyoming from January 6 1975 to January 5 1987. Herschler built a personal appeal to voters based on charisma a small-town background and shrewd political maneuvering to such an extent that he was the only three-term governor in Wyoming history.Herschler served in the United States Marine Corps during World War II.
 Zbyczyn [ˈzbɨt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieciechów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.It lies on the district road on the way up to the national road 48 approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Sieciechów 17 km (11 mi) east of Kozienice and 91 km (57 mi) south-east of Warsaw.↑
 Fushigi Yûgi: The Mysterious Play (ふしぎ遊戯 Fushigi Yūgi) also known as Curious Play is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yuu Watase. Shogakukan published Fushigi Yûgi in Shōjo Comic in its original serialized form from May 1992 through June 1996. Viz Media released the manga series in English in North America starting in 1999.
 Caenosynteles is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Hilleary T. Burrows House is an historic Queen Anne style home located at 4520 River Road Northwest Washington D.C. west of Tenley Circle in the Tenleytown neighborhood.It was built in 1897 from H. Galloway Ten Eyck pattern book by B. N. Burgoyne.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 She Knew What She Wanted is a 1936 British musical comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Albert Burdon Claude Dampier and Googie Withers. An amoral young dancer falls in love with the band leader. It was based on the stage musical Funny Face.
 The Sooty Orange Tip (Zegris eupheme) is an old world Pieridae butterfly that has a range that extends through southern Europe northern Africa and the Middle-East. Global warming currently seems to be extending its range to the north. The habitat consists of open flowery grasslands amongst hills.The wingspan is 46–50 mm (1.8–2.0 in). Adults have yellow undersides and a patch of orange. They have distinctive grey-black forewing tips.
 Banharn-Jamsai Tower (Thai: หอคอยบรรหาร-แจ่มใส) is the tallest tower in Thailand and the main attraction of Suphan Buri Province. It located in Chaloem Phatthara Rachinee Park Tambon Tha Pee Leang Suphan Buri. It is named after the couple Banharn Silpa-archa and Jamsai Silpa-archa. There are four floors.
 In The Company of Actors is a 2007 Australian documentary produced by Shark Island Productions and directed by Ian Darling.
 Frying Pan Lake (renamed Waimangu Cauldron in 1963 though not widely used) is the largest hot spring in the world. It is located in Waimangu Volcanic Rift Valley New Zealand and maintains a temperature of 50-60°C.
 Montezuma's Cattleheart (Parides montezuma) is a butterfly in the family Papilionidae. It is native to the Americas.
 Akim A. Anastopoulo (born October 14 1960 Charleston South Carolina) played the starring role of judge on National Lampoon's syndicated court show Eye for an Eye from 2003 through 2009. On the court show Anastopoulo went by Judge Extreme Akim a nickname derived from his bizarre and draconian forms of punishment on the program. He was formerly an attorney in South Carolina.
 Yeniköy is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 188 people.
 The Vis is a 57.9 km long river in south-central France in the Languedoc-Roussillon région right tributary of the Hérault River. Its source is in the Cévennes near the village of Alzon. It flows between the Causse du Larzac and the Causse de Blandas into the Hérault département and the Gard département. The Vis flows into the Hérault River near Ganges.
 James A. Seymour (born April 8 1939) is the Iowa State Senator from the 28th District. A Republican he has served in the Iowa Senate since 2003.Seymour currently serves on several committees in the Iowa Senate - the Appropriations committee; and the Human Resources committee the State Government committee; and the Veterans Affairs committee where he the ranking member.
 The Tamástslikt Cultural Institute is a museum and research institute located on the Umatilla Indian Reservation near Pendleton in eastern Oregon. It is the only Native American museum along the Oregon Trail. The institute is dedicated to the culture of the Cayuse Umatilla and Walla Walla tribes of Native Americans. The main permanent exhibition of the museum provides a history of the culture of three tribes and of the reservation itself.
 Written in the Sand is a studio album by the Michael Schenker Group the first group effort after the McAuley Schenker era. Re-energized by the short-lived reunion with UFO and by the recording of Walk on Water Michael Schenker collected yet another group of players and recorded Written in the Sand.
 Kallarati is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Japan Echo was an English language periodical on Japanese issues which was initially published in print form by Japan Echo Inc. between 1974 and 2010.
 The Universalist Church is located in Mitchellville Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Howard Steamboat Museum or the Howard National Steamboat Museum is located in Jeffersonville Indiana across from Louisville Kentucky. Based in the old Howard home it features items related to steamboat history.The home was built in 1890 by Edmonds J. Howard who inherited the family shipyard from his father James Howard who founded the Howard Ship Yards both in what was then Port Fulton Indiana. It cost $100000 to build the 22-room 3-floor structure.
 Pagodar (Persian: پاگدار‎ also Romanized as Pāgodār and Pā-ye Godār; also known as Pāgodār-e Maskūn) is a village in Amjaz Rural District in the Central District of Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 4 families.
 Javan Qaleh (Persian: جوان قلعه‎ also Romanized as Javān Qal‘eh and Javānqal‘eh; also known as Gown Maḥalleh) is a village in Dizajrud-e Sharqi Rural District Qaleh Chay District Ajab Shir County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 622 in 133 families.
 Anemosa isadasalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Anemosa. It was described by Walker in 1859 and is known from Australia.
 Lutkówka [lutˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Mszczonów 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 100.
 This article describes the 2nd album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 2 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 2 was released on July 27 1999. The album is the second edition of the (U.S.) Now! series. It debuted and peaked at number three on the Billboard 200 and has been certified 2x Platinum by the RIAA.
 Power Games: The Packer-Murdoch War is an Australian drama-miniseries which screened on the Nine Network in 2013. The miniseries is set in the period 1960-75 when the Murdoch and Packer families collided as they battled for control of Australia’s newspaper and television industries.
 Martin Leslie James Hamilton-Smith (born 1 December 1953) is the member for the electoral district of Waite in the South Australian House of Assembly since October 1997. He was a minister and Member of Executive Council in the Kerin Liberal government 2001 to 2002. He was the parliamentary leader of the South Australian division of the Liberal Party of Australia and the Leader of the Opposition in South Australia from 2007 to 2009.
 Silverhill is an artificial hill near Teversal in Nottinghamshire and is one of the highest points in the county at 204.3 metres (670 ft). Originally it was a mine spoil heap on the site of the former Silverhill colliery that closed in the 1990s. It was subsequently landscaped in 2005 by Nottinghamshire County Council with tree planting numerous footpaths and a viewpoint. It is now known as Silverhill woods and is one of a number of recreation sites in the area.
 Honey I'm Home is the fourth studio by Al B. Sure! released on June 23 2009 by Hidden Beach Recordings. It's his first release of new material since 1992's Sexy Versus.
 The Suppliants (also known as The Suppliant Women Ancient Greek: Ἱκέτιδες Hiketides) first performed in 423 BC is an ancient Greek play by Euripides.
 Helene M. Keeley (born May 15 1965 in Wilmington Delaware) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Delaware House of Representatives since January 14 2003 representing District 3. Keeley served consecutively from 1997 until 2003 in the District 5 seat.
 The University House is a building on the campus of the University of California Berkeley. Designed by the architect Albert Pissis it was formerly the home of the president of the University of California but is now the home of the chancellor of the Berkeley campus.It is actually the only residence in the campus's central core as all student housing lies outside the core campus (but within walking distance).
 Xenopoclinus leprosus the Leprous platanna-klipfish is a species of clinid found along the coast of South Africa from the Orange River to Algoa Bay. It can be found on substrates of sand or gravel. It can reach a maximum length of 8 centimetres (3.1 in) TL.
 Lambdotheriidae is an extinct family of the Perissodactyla (odd-toed ungulate) order (that is browsing and grazing animals). The family was named by the paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope in 1889. It is often considered to be part of Brontotheriidae.
 Santa Maria Annunziata in Borgo popularly known as Annunziatina is an oratory of Rome (Italy) in the rione Borgo on Lungotevere Vaticano.The church was built in the Quarter of Santo Spirito between 1742 and 1745 by architect Pietro Passalacqua as oratory of the Brotherhood of the Ospedale di Santo Spirito in Sassia.
 The Valea Muierii River is a tributary of the Pârâul Negru in Romania.
 Amy T. Koch (born October 8 1971) was a member of the Minnesota Senate and its former Majority Leader. Koch represented District 19 which includes portions of Hennepin and Wright counties in the northwestern Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 Our Version of Events is the debut studio album by Scottish singer-songwriter Emeli Sandé. The album was released on 13 February 2012 by Virgin Records following Sandé's winning of the Critic's Choice Award at the BRIT Awards 2012. Though Our Version of Events is her first release Sandé has been active in the industry since 2009 most notable appearing on singles by Chipmunk (Diamond Rings) and Wiley (Never Be Your Woman). The album features R&B soul and pop music.
 Three Questions (stylized as ??? (スリークエスチョン Surii Kuesuchon)) is the third studio album by Japanese electronica singer Mitsuki Aira released on November 17 2010 in Japan by D-Topia Universe with distribution by Universal Music Japan. The album includes songs that were previously unreleased. This is also the first album to be released under D-topia Entertainment's new label D-Topia Universe. The promotional singles for the album were Aishi Aisarete Ikiru no Sa and Why Two?.
 G magazine is an Australian consumer sustainability magazine published in Sydney since November 2006. G magazine is a bi-monthly publication.Emma Bowen is G magazine's editor and Caitlin Howlett is the features and online writer.
 Road Movie (Hindi: रोड मूवी) is a 2009 Indian road movie directed by Dev Benegal and starring Abhay Deol Tannishtha Chatterjee and Satish Kaushik. It premiered at the 2009 Toronto Film Festival and opened the section Generation 14plus at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival in February 2010. Road Movie was released in India on 5 March 2010.
 King Lear (1983) is a video production of William Shakespeare's 1606 play of the same name directed by Michael Elliott. It was broadcast in 1983 in the UK and in 1984 in the US.Elliott set his Lear in an environment resembling Stonehenge although the production was entirely shot in a studio. The somewhat out-of-focus effect that one sees at certain moments is because mist pervades the setting in several scenes.
 Slanchevo is a village in the municipality of Aksakovo in Varna Province Bulgaria.
 Back to Basics: Live and Down Under is the fourth video release by American singer-songwriter Christina Aguilera. It was premiered on television at 10 PM on January 26 2008 on VH1 and was released for purchase on February 4 2008 by RCA Records. It accompanied her fifth studio album Back to Basics (2006) and included materials from Aguilera's Back to Basics Tour in Adelaide Australia from July 17 to 18 2007.
 Enigmogramma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Miss Congeniality is a 2000 comedy film directed by Donald Petrie written by Marc Lawrence Katie Ford and Caryn Lucas starring Sandra Bullock Michael Caine Benjamin Bratt and Candice Bergen.
 Sierra Madre (known in Mexico as Sierra Madre de Chiapas) is a mountain range which runs northwest-southeast from the state of Chiapas in Mexico across Guatemala and into El Salvador and Honduras. Most of the volcanoes of Guatemala are a part of this range.A narrow coastal plain lies south the range between the Sierra Madre and the Pacific Ocean.
 Charaxes cowani is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Madagascar. The habitat consists of montane forests at altitudes above 1000 meters.
 Lura Lynn Ryan (July 5 1934 – June 27 2011) was the First Lady of the U.S. state of Illinois from 1999 to 2003. She was the wife of former Illinois Governor George Ryan.
 Xylophanes lamontagnei is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Venezuela Ecuador and Peru.It is similar to Xylophanes ceratomioides but can be distinguished by the cream coloured hindwing postmedian band which is separated by dark lines along the veins into distinct lunules.
 Hafla is a live album by Khaled composed of highlights from his Kenza Tour 97 in Confolens France and Leuven Belgium except for the track Chebba which was recorded in Bordeaux. The title is an Arabic for party.Some of this album's tracks were included as bonus tracks in Wrasse Records rereleases of Khaled's albums.
 Château de Montcigoux is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Heart Hospital is a specialist cardiac hospital located in London United Kingdom. It is part of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust and is closely associated with University College London (UCL).The Heart Hospital conducts over 1000 surgical heart operations each year has 95 in-patient beds and is one of the largest cardiac centres in the UK. It treats around 1700 new outpatients 5500 follow-up outpatients and 1200 inpatients each year.
 Ballé is a village and seat of the commune of Dogofry in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
 The Rijksmuseum (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈrɛi̯ksmyˌzeːjʏm]; English: State Museum) is a Dutch national museum dedicated to arts and history in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. The museum is located at the Museum Square in the borough Amsterdam South close to the Van Gogh Museum the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam and the Concertgebouw.The Rijksmuseum was founded in The Hague in 1800 and moved to Amsterdam in 1808 where it was first located in the Royal Palace and later in the Trippenhuis.
 Le Chevalier de Maison-Rouge'' (translated as The Knight of Maison-Rouge: A Novel of Marie Antoinette or The Knight of the Red House) was written in 1845 by Alexandre Dumas père as part of a series referred to as the Marie Antoinette romances. Set in Paris during the Reign of Terror the novel follows the adventures of a brave young man named Maurice Lindey who unwittingly implicates himself in a Royalist plot to rescue Marie Antoinette from prison.
 They Came to Baghdad is an adventure novel by Agatha Christie first published in the United Kingdom by the Collins Crime Club on 5 March 1951 and in the United States by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year.
 My Kind of Music is a 1961 album by Mel Tormé. This was the last album that Tormé recorded for Verve Records.
 The Padina cu Apă River is a tributary of the Poarta River in Romania.
 Love Crimes is the debut album by R&B duo Ruff Endz. It contains the singles No More and Where Does Love Go from Here. It peaked at No. 52 on the Billboard 200 and No. 19 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 Haywire is an album released by American country music artist Chris LeDoux. Overall it is his 26th album and his last under the Liberty banner before it was renamed Capitol Records. Honky Tonk World Tougher Than the Rest and Dallas Days and Fort Worth Nights were released as singles. The album peaked at #17 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 The Rest of the Robots (1964) is a collection of eight short stories and two full-length novels by Isaac Asimov. The stories centred on positronic robots are all part of the Robot series most of which take place in the Foundation universe. Another collection of short stories about robots I Robot was re-published in the previous year which is why Asimov chose to title the collection as The Rest of the Robots.
 Weed Out! is a 1997 album released by House of Wax of live recordings by The Stems. This live 2-track recording features 10 live cuts from a performance at The Old Melbourne Hotel in Perth Western Australia on 18 April 1986. As well as containing live versions of previously released favorites like Rosebud Make You Mine and Love Will Grow the album contains two previously unreleased songs Does It Turn You On and Don't Let Me together with a cover of the Monkees' Stepping Stone.
 Soft Hail is an album by folk-singer John Craigie. It was released on February 25 2008. It features a more mellow and folkier sound similar to his first album i always -ed you.
 Ocnerogyia is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 The Wetzsteinhorn (also known as Sex des Molettes) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the lake of Tseuzier in the canton of Valais.
 Kamień Rymański [ˈkamjɛɲ rɨˈmaɲski] (German: Hohenfier) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Rymań 28 km (17 mi) south of Kołobrzeg and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 50.
 Scopula duplinupta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.The wingspan is 24–29 mm.
 Makowica [makɔˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Limanowa within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Limanowa and 47 km (29 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 234.
 Crab also known as Old Crab and Mr. Panton's Crab (1722 – December 1750) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. After retiring from racing he became a successful stallion and was British Champion sire in 1748 1749 and 1750. He was owned by the 1st Earl of Portmore until purchased by Mr. Cotton and then Thomas Panton.
 Zion Lutheran Church is located in Fredericksburg in Gillespie County in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the oldest Lutheran Church in the Texas Hill Country and one of the oldest in Texas. The church was built by six families in 1852. On January 13 1853 twelve founders signed its articles of organization. The cornerstones for the church were set on March 6 1854. Designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1964 Marker number 10132.
 The Essential Ramblin' Jack Elliott is a compilation album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott released in 1976. It was originally issued as a double LP including Elliot's only Vanguard release Jack Elliott and other live tracks. The album was reissued on CD in 1998.
 Saint Martin's Peak (Polish: Góra Świętego Marcina) (384 m above sea level) is a hill located southeast of the center of Tarnów Poland partly inside the city's administrative boundaries. It forms the northern edge of the threshold of the Carpathian foothills.
 From the 13th Sun is an album by Candlemass released in 1999. The CD liner notes say it is dedicated to the greatest band of all time: Black Sabbath.
 The Whangaparaoa River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest from the Raukumara Range to reach the Whangaparaoa Bay an indentation in the far east of the Bay of plenty five kilometres south of Cape Runaway.
 Incahuasi (Quechua Inkawasi or Inka Wasi inka Inca wasi house Inca house) is a volcanic mountain in the Andes of South America. It lies on the border of the Argentine province of Catamarca and the Atacama Region of Chile. Incahuasi has a summit elevation of 6621 metres (21722 ft) above sea level.The volcano consists of a 3.5-kilometre-wide (2.2 mi) caldera and two stratovolcanoes.
 Kacice [kaˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pułtusk within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Pułtusk and 51 km (32 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Mule Creek State Prison (MCSP) is a California State Prison. It was opened in June 1987 and covers 866 acres (350 ha) located in Ione California. The current population is 3065 or 180.3 percent of its designed capacity of 1700. The prison has a staff of 1242 and an annual operating budget of $157 million.
 The Watery Place is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the October 1956 issue of Satellite Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1957 collection Earth Is Room Enough. It is Asimov's only science fiction story set in Idaho.
 Ussara hilarodes is a species of sedge moths in the genus Ussara. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. It is found in India (Assam).
 Gail Finney (born August 16 1959) is an African American Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives representing the 84th house district. She has served since 2009.
 Standard Operating Procedure is a 2008 documentary film which explores the meaning of the photographs taken by U.S. military police at the Abu Ghraib prison in late 2003 the content of which revealed the torture and abuse of its prisoners by U.S. soldiers and subsequently resulted in a public scandal.
 Vilyvitány is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Power Sex Suicide: Mitochondria and the Meaning of Life is a 2005 popular science book by Nick Lane of University College London which argues that mitochondria are central to questions of the evolution of multicellularity the evolution of sexual reproduction and to the process of senescence.Amongst the theories advanced in the book Lane endorses the hydrogen hypothesis for the formation of the eukaryotic cell whereby mitochondria are the original defining characteristic of the structure.
 Happy Pills is the third studio album by Seattle post-grunge band Candlebox. It features former Pearl Jam drummer Dave Krusen who replaced Scott Mercado in 1997. Happy Pills did not gain the success of its predecessors and would be the last Candlebox album before their hiatus in 2000. It would also be the final Candlebox album recorded for Maverick.Four of the album's tracks would be included on The Best of Candlebox in 2006.The album was produced by Ron Nevison and Candlebox.
 Harris Switch Tower also known as HG Tower or Harris Tower is an interlocking tower in Harrisburg Pennsylvania in the United States. The tower was built in 1929 by the Pennsylvania Railroad and remained in operation until it was closed in 1991 by Amtrak. Harris was purchased by the local chapter of the National Railway Historical Society in 1992 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Supply Business is a quarterly subscription magazine covering the procurement and supply chain profession aimed at senior practitioners. It is published by Redactive Media Group on behalf of the Chartered Institute of Purchasing & Supply and replaced a magazine called CPO Agenda.
 The Korozhechna (Russian: Корожечна) is a river in Sonkovsky Kesovogorsky and Kashinsky Districts of Tver Oblast and in Myshkinsky and Uglichsky District of Yaroslavl Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Volga River. It is 147 kilometres (91 mi) long and the area of its basin 1690 square kilometres (650 sq mi).The source of the Korozhechna is in the northwestern part of Kesovogorsky District close to the village of Puzyryovo.
 The Nahe River is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate and Saarland Germany a left tributary to the Rhine. It has also given name to the wine region Nahe situated around it.The name Nahe is derived from the Latin word Nava which is supposed to be based upon the Celtic origin for the wild river. The Nahe separates the northern part of the Palatinate from the Hunsrück.It rises in the area of Nohfelden (Saarland) flowing through Rhineland-Palatinate and joining the Rhine river in Bingen.
 Ghost Soup is a 1992 Japanese TV drama produced for Fuji TV as part of their part of the food-themed drama series La Cuisine by Shunji Iwai.
 Expressions is an album by Chick Corea released in 1993 through the record label GRP. The album peaked at number ten on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart.The Album is dedicated to Art Tatum.
 Hiperleptodema enigmatica is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Hiperleptodema.
 Megales Epitihies (Greatest Hits) is a compilation album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki released in 1995. A compilation anthologizing most of Eleftheria's work up to 1995.
 A Lesson of Belarusian (Polish: Lekcja białoruskiego) is a 2006 documentary film by Polish director Mirosław Dembiński. It follows the activities of several Belarusian pro-democracy youth activists in the four weeks running up to the highly controversial presidential re-election of Alexander Lukashenko on March 19 2006. The film has won multiple festival prizes.
 Alien 3 (stylized as Alien³) is a 1992 science-fiction thriller film and the debut feature film of director David Fincher. The film is the third installment of the Alien film series. The film takes place right after the events of Aliens (1986) an escape pod from the Colonial Marine spaceship Sulaco crash-lands on a prison-run refinery planet killing everyone aboard except Lieutenant Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver).
 The Moon and Serpent Bumper Book of Magic is an upcoming hardcover work by Alan Moore and Steve Moore (no family relation to each other). Both men have written comics and together co-founded the private magical order known as The Moon and Serpent Grand Egyptian Theatre of Marvels. The book is listed as a future release from Top Shelf Productions.
 Schizoglossa common name the Paua slugs is a genus of medium-sized to large predatory air-breathing land slugs carnivorous terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Rhytididae.
 Młynów [ˈmwɨnuf] (German: Mühldorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kłodzko and 77 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 The Fâncel River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
 Age of the Dragons is a 2011 fantasy film starring Danny Glover and Vinnie Jones directed by Ryan Little. A fantasy-themed reimagining of Herman Melville's classic novel Moby Dick it was released in the United Kingdom on March 4 2011.
 The Chauga River is a 31.3-mile-long (50.4 km) tributary of the Tugaloo River in Oconee County South Carolina.
 Petavius is a large lunar impact crater located to the southeast of the Mare Fecunditatis near the southeastern lunar limb. Attached to the northwest rim is the smaller crater Wrottesley. To the southeast are Palitzsch Vallis Palitzsch and Hase. Farther to the north is the large crater Vendelinus. Petavius appears oblong when viewed from the Earth due to foreshortening. Petavius is Imbrian in age.
 Franz Josef Hoop (14 December 1895 – 19 October 1959) was a political figure from Liechtenstein.
 Crimson Fang Blue Sonnet (紅い牙 ブルーソネット Akai Kiba Burū Sonetto) is a 19-volume manga series by Masahiro Shibata which ran in Hana to Yume magazine from 1981 to 1987 as part of the Akai Kiba series of stories. A five episode anime OVA series was adapted from the manga by Mushi Productions and released in 1989. The OAV series was licensed and released on VHS and LaserDisc in North America by Central Park Media in 1990.
 Chevron House formerly called Caltex House is a high-rise skyscraper located in the central business district of Singapore. It is located on 30 Raffles Place in the financial district of Raffles Place. The building is near several buildings and landmarks such as Singapore Land Tower Hitachi Tower Change Alley and The Arcade all of which are less than 100 metres (110 yd) away. The development has direct underground access to Raffles Place MRT Station.
 Paul Tittl (born November 23 1961) is an American businessman and politician.From Manitowoc Wisconsin Tittl owns Vacuum & Sew Center and Paintball Paul's. Tittl also served on the Manitowoc County Board of Supervisor and Manitowoc Common Council. In November 2012 Tittl was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly as a Republican.
 The Wasenhorn (also known as Punta Terrarossa) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. With Monte Leone in the south it overlooks the Simplon Pass.The Simplon Tunnel runs into the massif of the Wasenhorn below the subsidiary summit named Tunnelspitz (2903 m).
 Leontochroma is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Xerocrassa moraguesi is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Jérôme-Adolphe Chicoyne (August 22 1844 – September 30 1910) was a lawyer journalist and political figure in Quebec. He represented Wolfe in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1892 to 1904 as a Conservative.He was born in Saint-Pie Canada East the son of Jérôme Chicoine and Dorothée Deslandes dit Champigny and was adopted by his godfather Joseph Charbonneau at the age of three. Chicoyne was educated at the Séminaire de Saint-Hyacinthe.
 Charles Starr (born c. 1933) is an American politician and farmer in Oregon. He served as a Republican member of the Oregon Legislature for 14 years serving in both houses. A native of Texas would served in the Oregon State Senate with his son Bruce Starr the first time in Oregon's history a father and son served in the Senate together.
 Sahra Sefid (Persian: صحراسفيد‎ also Romanized as Şaḩrā Sefīd; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Şaḩrā Sefīd Sar-i-Sefīd and Sar Safīd) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 325 in 73 families.
 Sir Henry Bartle Edward Frere 1st Baronet GCB GCSI (29 March 1815 – 29 May 1884) was a British colonial administrator. He had a successful career in India rising to become Governor of Bombay. However as High Commissioner for Southern Africa his attempt to impose a British confederation on the region led to the overthrow of the Cape's first elected government and to a string of regional wars culminating in the invasion of Zululand and the First Boer War.
 Hazaribag Times is a Hindi weekly newspaper published from Hazaribag Jharkhand India. It is one of the oldest newspaper solely published from Hazaribag. The newspaper was started by well-known educationist Subodh Singh Shivgeet to meet the need of local news.
 Lost Mountain is a mountain in Pushmataha County Oklahoma located approximately 10 miles northwest of Antlers Oklahoma. It is a part of the Kiamichi Mountains a subrange of the Ouachita Mountains.Its summit is 791 feet above sea level.The commonly accepted definition of mountain calls for a mountain’s summit to top 1000 feet in elevation. In that sense Lost Mountain qualifies as a hill. Lost Mountain is notable for its unusual isolation.
 Dr. Ferenc Ódor (born November 22 1954) is a Hungarian veterinary physician and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Encs (Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County Constituency IX) since 1998. He served as mayor of Garadna between 1990 and 1998. He also functioned as president of the General Assembly of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County twice: from 1998 to 2002 and between 2006 and 2010.In the general election held in 2006 he was elected MP for Encs for the third time.
 Long Gone Before Daylight is the fifth studio album by The Cardigans. After a long hiatus from their last album in 1998 (with members of the band experimenting with other projects) it was finally released in Japan on 19 March 2003 and in Europe on 24 March 2003. Later it was also released in Canada (April 22 2003) and North America (May 25 2004).The album differs from the band's earlier works.
 Gloria Maria Navarro (born May 1967) is a American attorney and Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Nevada.
 Silo Point formerly known as the Baltimore and Ohio Locust Point Grain Terminal Elevator is a high-rise grain elevator on the edge of the Locust Point neighborhood in Baltimore Maryland. It is one of the largest grain elevators to be constructed in the early 20th century. The grain elevator rises to 310 feet (94 meters) containing 24 floors and 228 rooms. The silo was built by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in 1923-1924 with a capacity of 3.8 billion bushels.
 Hryniewicze Małe [xrɨɲɛˈvʲit͡ʂɛ ˈmawɛ] (Ukrainian: Гриневичі Hrynevychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Bielsk Podlaski and 30 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Brakovci (Serbian: Браковци) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Earth After Us is a 2008 non-fiction book by Jan Zalasiewicz about the geological legacy that humans might one day leave behind them.
 Miratesta celebensis is a species of freshwater air-breathing snails aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails or planorbids. Like all other planorbids it has a sinistral or left-coiling shell. This species is endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 The Encyclopedia of China (Chinese: 中国大百科全书; pinyin: Zhōngguó Dà Bǎikē Quánshū; literally China Great Encyclopedia) is the first large-entry modern encyclopedia in the Chinese language. The compilation began in 1978. Published by the Encyclopedia of China Publishing House the encyclopedia was issued one volume at a time beginning in 1980 with a volume on astronomy; the final volume was completed in 1993. It comprised 74 volumes with more than 80000 entries.
 Hirevo is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Radar Patrol vs. Spy King (1949) is a 12-chapter black-and-white spy film serial produced and distributed by Republic Pictures from an original commissioned screenplay collaboratively written by Royal K. Cole William Lively and Sol Shor. Kirk Alyn played the lead.
 Benoy Choudhury (died 2000) was a revolutionary freedom fighter and politician belonging to the CPI(M) who played a major role in land reforms in the Indian state of West Bengal.
 Finnsnes Church (Norwegian: Finnsnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county Norway. It is located in the central part of the town of Finnsnes. The church is part of the Lenvik parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white stone church was built in 1979 and was consecrated by Bishop Kristen Kyrre Bremer. The church seats about 750 people.
 Hawkesyard Priory was a Dominican Priory in Armitage Staffordshire England built circa 1900 including the Roman Catholic Priory Church of St Thomas. The Dominicans left the site in 1988 and the Estate was sold in 1999 to a private buyer. The Priory Church is still in use by the Old Catholic Church and is the Pro-Cathedral of the Old Catholic Church in the UK
 How Hollow Heart... is a 1997 album by Dead Voices on Air.The title of the album is taken from a poem by Samuel Beckett: How hollow heart and full of filth thou art.
 St Bartholomew's Church Barbon is in the village of Barbon Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Mary the Virgin Kirkby Lonsdale Holy Trinity Casterton St John the Divine Hutton Roof All Saints Lupton St Peter Mansergh and the Holy Ghost Middleton to form the Kirkby Lonsdale Team Ministry.
 The Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company Building also known as the Northern Implement Company and the American Trio Building is a warehouse building in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota. PPG Industries of Pittsburgh constructed the structure. It was designed by locally notable firm Kees and Colburn and shows strong influences of noted architect Louis Sullivan.
 Aeginidae is a family of jellyfish in the order Narcomedusae. Most of the genera include only a single species.
 The First Baptist Church at 302 West Monroe Street in Phoenix Arizona was built in 1929. While local architects Fitzhugh & Byron prepared the working drawings and supervised the building's construction it was mainly designed by supervising architect George Merrill of the Department of Architecture of the American Baptist Home Mission Society in New York.It was designed in an Italian Gothic style but includes Moderne and other architectural elements.
 Khvoshinan-e Vosta (Persian: خوشينان وسطي‎ also Romanized as Khvoshīnān-e Vosţá and Khūshīnān-e Vosţá; also known as Khoshnīān-e Vasaţī Khowshīnah Tappeh Khushinān-i-Tappeh Khushinān-i-Tepe Khvoshī Nān-e Tappeh Khvoshīnān-e Tappeh Vasaţī and Khvoshīnān Tappeh) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 34 families.
 Samurai Assassin (侍 Samurai ) is a 1965 Japanese movie directed by Kihachi Okamoto and starring Toshiro Mifune Koshiro Matsumoto Yunosuke Ito and Michiyo Aratama.Samurai Assassin is set in 1860 immediately before the Meiji Restoration changed Japanese society forever by doing away with the castes in society and reducing the position of the samurai class.The film tells the story of Niiro Tsurichiyo (Mifune) as the illegitimate son of a powerful nobleman and the way of his life that made him a swordfighter but also a social outcast. 
 The Boat is a 1921 American short comedy film written by directed and starring Buster Keaton. The International Buster Keaton Society takes its name The Damfinos from this film.
 Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai: A Good Librarian Like a Good Shepherd (大図書館の羊飼い lit. Large Library's Shepherd or The Shepherd of the Great Library) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by August and released on January 25 2013 for Windows PCs as a DVD. The gameplay in Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai follows a branching plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction and focuses on the appeal of the five female main characters by the player character.
 Anthidium callosum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Archips okuiho is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Vietnam.The wingspan is 17 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream brown slightly mixed with pale ferruginous in the costal half. The strigulation is indistinct and brownish although the basal third of the wing is suffused brown. The hindwings are brownish.
 The Whispering of the Gods (ゲルマニウムの夜 Gerumaniumu no yoru) is a 2005 Japanese drama film directed by Tatsushi Ōmori and based on a 1998 novel by Mangetsu Hanamura. Released without approval from Eirin the film details abuse in a tight-knit Catholic farming community where a teenager who has committed murder takes refuge.
 Thomas E. Watson House also known as Hickory Hill was a home of Georgia Populist Party co-founder Thomas E. Watson.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.It is located on Hickory Hill Drive at Lee Street.
 The Micropezidae are a moderate-sized family of acalyptrate muscoid flies in the insect order Diptera comprising about 500 species in about 50 genera and 5 subfamilies worldwide (except New Zealand and Macquarie Island). They are most diverse in tropical and subtropical habitats especially in the Neotropical Region.Insects in this family are commonly called stilt-legged flies after their characteristically long legs. The fore legs are markedly smaller than the other pairs.
 Shanghai Dreams (simplified Chinese: 青红; traditional Chinese: 青紅; pinyin: Qīng hóng) is a 2005 Chinese film directed by Wang Xiaoshuai and starring Gao Yuanyuan Li Bin Tang Yang Wang Xiaoyang and Yao Anlian. The film was produced by Stellar Megamedia Debo Films Ltd. and Kingwood Ltd.Shanghai Dreams was the winner of the Jury Prize at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.
 The National Palace (or Palacio Nacional in Spanish) is the seat of the federal executive in Mexico. It is located on Mexico City's main square the Plaza de la Constitución (El Zócalo). This site has been a palace for the ruling class of Mexico since the Aztec empire and much of the current palace's building materials are from the original one that belonged to Moctezuma II.
 The Cathedral of Mren is a 7th-century Armenian church now in the Kars region of Turkey near the border with Armenia about 1.5 km west of the Akhurian River.The church of Mren is a domed triple-nave basilica.
 Psilogramma orientalis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Papua New Guinea.
 The Croydon Guardian (with locally branded editions) is a weekly free local newspaper covering the London Borough of Croydon South London and surrounding areas. The newspaper is published once a week every Wednesday and is distributed free of charge in the borough of Croydon. It is sold for 60p at newsagents and other shops in and around the borough.
 Scopula tenuiscripta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 The Horizontal Skyscraper designed by Steven Holl Architects and completed in 2009 is a mixed-use building that includes offices for the Vanke Co. a conference center restaurant an auditorium a hotel apartments and a large public park.By raising the 1296459 sf building on eight cores — as far as 50 meters apart and positioning the building right under the 35-meter high limit of the area — Steven Holl Architects was able to create the largest possible tropical garden on the ground level of the site. 
 Olgunlar is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Haplochromis estor is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria. This species can reach a length of 17 centimetres (6.7 in) SL.
 The Sharing of Flesh (also published as The Dipteroid Phenomenon) is a science fiction novelette by Poul Anderson. Originally published in Galaxy Science Fiction (December 1968) it won a 1969 Hugo Award for Best Novelette and was nominated for a 1969 Nebula Award. The story has appeared in the collections The Night Face & Other Stories (1979) The Dark Between the Stars (1981) Winners (1981) and The Long Night (1983).
 Pandit Govind Ballabh Pant (10 September 1887 – 7 March 1961) was an Indian politician and independence activist. He was one of the foremost political leaders from Uttarakhand (then in United Provinces) and of the movement to establish Hindi as the official language of India.
 Tales in Space is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Peter Crowther. It was first published as a trade paperback by White Wolf Publishing in April 1998. It was issued as a companion to Three in Space from the same publisher; the two books followed up a similar pair Three in Time and Tales in Time published in 1997.The book collects fifteen tales by various authors together with an introduction by the editor.
 Crematogaster ashmeadi commonly known as the acrobat ant is an arboreal ant widespread in the Southeastern United States. It nests and forages almost exclusively above ground level often found in treetops and on lianas. It is one of eleven species in the genus Crematogaster that is native to eastern North America. It is the most dominant arboreal ant in the pine forests of the coastal plains of northern Florida.
 József baron Eötvös de Vásárosnamény (3 September 1813 – 2 February 1871) was a Hungarian writer and statesman the son of Ignacz baron Eötvös de Vásárosnamény and Anna von Lilien who stemmed from an Erbsälzer family of Werl in Germany.He received an excellent education and also spent many years in western Europe assimilating the new ideas both literary and political and making the acquaintance of the leaders of the Romantic school.
 Fargush (Persian: فرگوش‎ also Romanized as Fargūsh; also known as Farkūsh) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 938 in 247 families.
 Rugushuiyeh-ye Olya (Persian: روگوشوئيه عليا‎ also Romanized as Rūgūshū’īyeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Rogūshū’īyeh-ye Bālā Rūgoshū’īyeh-ye ‘Olyā Rūgūshū’īyeh Bālā and Rūgūshū’īyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Jowzam Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 26 families.
 Janet Louise Yellen (born August 13 1946) is an American economist. She is the Chair of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System previously serving as Vice Chair from 2010 to 2014.Previously she was President and Chief Executive Officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Chair of the White House Council of Economic Advisers under President Bill Clinton and Professor Emerita at the University of California Berkeley Haas School of Business.
 One Brief Summer is a 1970 British drama film directed by John Mackenzie. It stars Felicity Gibson and Clifford Evans. It was made at Twickenham Studios.
 The Collared Warbling Finch (Poospiza hispaniolensis) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Pets or Meat: The Return to Flint is a 1992 American short PBS documentary film directed by Michael Moore featuring the director returning to his hometown of Flint Michigan to catch-up with some of the characters featured in his previous film Roger & Me (1989). The film's title refers to Rhonda Britton a Flint resident featured in both films who sells rabbits as either pets or meat.
 Strictly in the Groove is a 1942 American musical comedy film built around musical numbers experienced comedy acts and guest stars. The plot thread a jive-talking college student (Davies) trying to organize a swing-music show at a local resort where the manager (Franklin Pangborn) puts up some opposition. Compare to the similar 1945 Rockin' in the Rockies from Columbia which Keays also directed.
 John J. Siptroth is a Democratic politician who was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He was first elected to represent the 189th legislative district on February 8 2005.
 Police Doggy is an EP release by Parliament-Funkadelic/P-Funk All-Stars. The EP was released on February 10 1995 by P-Vine Records. The EP also features a collaboration with the Scottish rock group Primal Scream. Police Doggy has never been released outside of Japan. Conceptually Police Doggy continues the theme that originated on the P-Funk All-Stars album Dope Dogs.
 Nowbar (Persian: نوبار‎ also Romanized as Nowbār) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 433 in 79 families.
 Hits 97 is a compilation album released in 1996. As a part of the Hits compilation series it contains UK hit singles from mid-to-late 1996. The album had a rivalry with Now 35 released later in the month - due to the longstanding rivalry between the Now and Hits compilation series. Some royalties from Hits 97 went to three different children's charities due to the inclusion of the final track Knockin' on Heaven's Door by Dunblane.
 Beyond the Door III also known as Amok Train and Death Train is a 1989 Italian horror film directed by Jeff Kwitny. This third and final film into the Beyond the Door trilogy like its predecessor Beyond the Door II is a sequel in-name-alone.
 Droopy Butt Begone! is the debut album of solo electronic artist 1-Speed Bike. The third track on this album is a remix of a Fly Pan Am song from their Sédatifs En Fréquences Et Sillons EP.
 Truebella skoptes is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Dorf Goes Auto Racing is a 1990 comedy film starring Tim Conway Eddie Deezen and Tim Conway Jr.
 The jewel lanternfish Lampanyctus crocodilus is a lanternfish of the family Myctophidae found in west Mediterranean Sea and north Atlantic Ocean (above 50° N). Bathypelagic between 400 and 2000 m.
 Strange Fascination is a 1952 American film noir directed by Hugo Haas starring Cleo Moore himself and Mona Barrie.
 Daniel Buck (November 9 1753 – August 16 1816) was an American lawyer and politician. He served as a United States Representative from Vermont.
 Cabinet is a quarterly Brooklyn NY-based non-profit art & culture magazine established in 2000. Cabinet also operates an event and exhibition space in Brooklyn.
 The Ryukyu Wood Pigeon (Columba jouyi) otherwise known as the Silver-banded or Silver-crescented Pigeon is an extinct species of bird in the Columba genus in the Columbidae family. This Wood Pigeon was endemic to the Laurel forest habitat.
 George Magar Mardikian (November 7 1903 – October 23 1977) was an Armenian-American restaurateur chef author and philanthropist who opened the well-known Omar Khayyam's restaurant in San Francisco California in 1938. He is the nephew of Armenian Revolutionary Krikor Amirian.
 Sáta is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Shahrak-e Kowsar (Persian: شهرك كوثر‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Kows̱ar) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1506 in 283 families.
 Hymns to the Silence is the twenty-first studio album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison released in 1991. It peaked at No. 5 in the UK. It was his first ever studio double album.
 The Murga Mică River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Turkincha is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 The Northern Jungle Queen Stichophthalma camadeva (Westwood 1848) is a butterfly found in South Asia that belongs to the Morphinae sub family of the Brush-footed butterflies family.
 St. Edwards Church is a historic church at 823 Sherman in Little Rock Arkansas.It was built in 1901 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Spencer Hawley is an American politician and a Democratic member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 7 since January 11 2011.
 Thomas Scott House in Gloster Louisiana is a Greek Revival house from 1858. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 One Night the Moon is a 2001 Australian musical non-feature film starring husband and wife team Paul Kelly a singer-songwriter and Kaarin Fairfax a film and television actress and their daughter Memphis Kelly. Directed by Rachel Perkins and written by Perkins with John Romeril it was filmed on Andyamathanha land in the Flinders Ranges South Australia for six weeks in early 2000.
 The Doon School Weekly (commonly referred to as Weekly) is a student newspaper produced by and for students of The Doon School; it is sometimes abbreviated to DSW. The Doon School Weekly is owned by Indian Public Schools' Society which is the governing society of The Doon School. The newspaper's constitution grants the paper editorial independence. Articles are written on any topic.
 Old Mother Riley at Home is a 1945 British comedy film directed by Oswald Mitchell and starring Arthur Lucan Kitty McShane and Freddie Forbes. It is the 11th film in the long running Old Mother Riley series.
 Coleophora conspersa is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkey.The larvae feed on Phlomis lycia. They feed on the leaves of their host plant.
 Neighbourhood Watch is a 2011 play by Alan Ayckbourn. It is about a brother and sister who innocently set up a Neighbourhood Watch group following petty crime from a nearby estate only for the group to go out of control and become an authoritarian force controlling the lives of the people they are supposed to protect.
 The Twinkie Squad is a children's novel written by Gordan Korman published in 1992. The story follows the mis-adventures of Armando Commando Rivera a feisty popular basketball-obsessed hotshot who often gets in trouble with both bullies and teachers; and Douglas Fairchild the tall pale son of a U.S. Ambassador who claims to be from a small middle-eastern nation called 'Pefkakia' because he was born on a jet plane in its main airport during an emergency layover.
 The Rappensee is mountain lake in the bavarian part of the Allgäu Alps. The lake is located below the Rappenseekopf near the small settlement Einödsbach.
 Scatoglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Henry Hope was an administrator who served as the first Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man.
 The Château d'Argeville is a château in the commune of Vernou-la-Celle-sur-Seine Seine-et-Marne France. Some elements of the château date from the 17th century and those and parts of its grounds are protected as a monument historique.The château was occupied during the last decades of his life by the exiled English politician Lord Bolingbroke (1678–1751) who wrote many of his works there.
 Solo Flights is the title of a recording by Chet Atkins. Side one of this album features Atkins' experiment with the Octabass Guitar wherein he replaced the two lower strings (the E and A strings) with heavier gauges in order to drop an octave and create a fuller sound.This album was re-issued on CD for the first time in Japan only on April 22 2009
 Trnovitički Popovac is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D26 highway. Its time zone is UTC+1.
 Stalking Santa is a 2006 comedy Christmas feature film that follows one man’s obsession to scientifically prove the existence of the famous Jolly Old Elf. Directed by Greg Kiefer and written by Daryn Tufts the film stars Chris Clark Daryn Tufts Lisa Clark and is narrated by William Shatner.
 Beman Gates Dawes (January 14 1870 – May 15 1953) was a politician and oil executive who served two terms as a Republican Congressman from Ohio.Dawes a descendant of American Revolution hero William Dawes and the son of American Civil War Brevet Brigadier General Rufus R. Dawes was born in Marietta Ohio. Three brothers also gained international prominence in politics and business: Charles G. Dawes Rufus C.
 Rogers Dry Lake is an endorheic desert salt pan in the Mojave Desert of Kern County California. The lake derives its name from the Anglicization from the Spanish name Rodriguez Dry Lake. It is the central part of Edwards Air Force Base as its hard surface provides a natural extension to the paved runways.
 Thomas Wilson Crothers PC (January 1 1850 – December 10 1921) was a Canadian politician.Born in Northport Canada West he was a lawyer and teacher before being elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the Ontario riding of Elgin West in the 1908 federal election. A Conservative he was re-elected in 1911 and as a Unionist in 1917. From 1911 to 1918 he was the Minister of Labour. In October 1921 he was called to the Canadian Senate representing the senatorial division of Ontario.
 Komrij's Patentwekker (Komrij's patented alarm clock) is a book of humorous poetry by Dutch author Gerrit Komrij first published in 1974. The book contains four poems which outline a fictional invention—an alarm clock that consists of a burning candle inserted in the sleeper's anus containing markings for each hour to be spent sleeping. The deeper the candle is inserted the earlier the sleeper rises; the inventor acquires a patent on his idea.
 Seeing Redd is a novel written by Frank Beddor inspired by Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass.Seeing Redd is the second book in the Looking Glass Wars trilogy which is currently seeing further development in a variety of entertainment-related fields such as a spin-off comic book limited series (Hatter M). Seeing Redd was released in the United States on August 21 2007.
 She Is a Song is the second solo album by country rock musician Rick Roberts. The album was recorded in 1973 two years before he founded the band Firefall. He was joined on the record by former Flying Burrito Brother Chris Hillman who also produced the album. Other guest musicians include Joe Walsh and Al Perkins as well as Rusty Young and *George Grantham from Poco. Tracks include Stephen Stills' Four Days Gone Paul Siebel's She Made Me Lose My Blues and Roberts' Glad to Be Goin'.
 Hemonia orbiferana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found in Sri Lanka India Burma Singapore as well as on Borneo and Peninsular Malaysia. The habitat consists of lowland forests.
 Neikunnam is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Mahmoud Ali Othman (born 1938) was a member of the Interim Iraq Governing Council created following the United States's 2003 invasion of Iraq. A Kurd and Sunni Muslim Othman was a member of the Political Bureau Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP). He then founded the Kurdish Socialist Party. He was also the Chief Negotiator in the 1970 agreement with the Baath Party. He is now a leading member of the Iraqi National Assembly.Othman was born in Sulaimaniyah.
 Die Weiße Rose (The White Rose) is a 1982 CCC Film production about the White Rose resistance to the Nazi authorities led by a group of University students in Munich in 1942-1943 whose members were caught and executed in February 1943 shortly after the German capitulation at Stalingrad. The film pre-dates by two decades the film Sophie Scholl: The Final Days.
 Weekend Wives is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Harry Lachman and starring Monty Banks Jameson Thomas and Estelle Brody. It was made at British International Pictures's Elstree Studios. One reviewer described it as being as beautifully photographed gowned and set as the average Paramount picture and as silly.
 Izgar is a village in Malkara district of Tekirdağ Province Turkey It is situated in the eastern Trakya (Thrace) plains at 40°51′N 26°48′E. The distance to Malkara is 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) . The population of the village is 430 as of 2011. It was a Bulgarian village during the Ottoman Empire era. But after the Second Balkan War the Bulgarian population was forced to leave the settlement.
 The leafbirds (Chloropseidae) are a family of small passerine bird species found in India Sri Lanka and Southeast Asia. They are one of only three bird families that are entirely endemic to the Indomalayan ecozone. They were formerly grouped with the ioras and fairy-bluebirds in the family Irenidae. As presently defined the leafbird family is monogeneric with all species placed in the genus Chloropsis.
 Iglesia de San Vicente (Serrapio) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 Sankara is an upcoming Telugu film directed by Thathineni Satya Prakash and produced by R.V.Chandramouli Prasad (Kinnu) under the Sri Leela Movies banner and producer K. S. Rama Rao is presenting it. Nara Rohit and Regina Cassandra play the lead roles in this film. It is a remake of the Tamil hit film Mouna Guru.
 The Borboleta River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Stark Munro Letters is a novel by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle first published in 1895 by Longmans Green & Co. in London England.
 The Promise of Eden is the debut novel of author Eric Durchholz. It was printed in 1999 by Concrete Books. It is a work of fiction in the science fantasy genre.
 The Western Hills (Chinese: 北京西山; pinyin: běijīng xīshān) refers to the hills and mountains in the western part of Beijing.
 Piz Mundaun is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps situated east of Obersaxen in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. In winter the mountain is part of ski area.
 Vijaya Raghunatha Pallavarayar Dorai Raja (1872–1930) was an Indian civil servant and administrator and a member of the royal house of Pudukkottai. He served as the Chief Minister of Pudukkottai state from 1909 to 1922 and regent from 1922 to 1929.
 The Azuga River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Let Me Be Good to You is a 1979 album by American R&B singer Lou Rawls released on the Philadelphia International Records label. Production credits are split between Gamble & Huff Thom Bell Dexter Wansel and Jack Faith. Although full performance credits are not given on the album it is known that new PIR signings The Jones Girls contributed to backing vocals. The album's lead single Let Me Be Good to You made #11 on the R&B chart while the album itself peaked at #13 R&B and #49 pop.
 Alternative Matter is a compilation album album by the UK band Antimatter.
 Kibuli Hospital sometimes referred to as Kibuli Muslim Hospital (KMH) is a hospital in on Kibuli Hill in Kampala Uganda's capital and largest city.
 Bitragunta is a village in Nellore District Andhra Pradesh India. The village received its name when the British found good drinking water and named it Better-gunta which later became Bitragunta.[citation needed]The village is an important stop on the Indian Railways line between Chennai and Vijayawada. It is also the station at the far northern end of North Line of the Chennai Suburban Railway network earlier. Now under Vijayawada Division of South Central Railway.
 Christ Church Picture Gallery is an art museum at Christ Church one of the colleges of Oxford University in England. The gallery holds an important collection of about 300 Old Master paintings and nearly 2000 drawings. It is one of the most important private collections in the United Kingdom. The greater part of the collection was bequeathed by a former member of the college General John Guise arriving after his death in 1765. Further gifts and bequests were made by W.T.H.
 William Gunnell House also known as Gunnell's Run is a historic home located in Great Falls Fairfax County Virginia. It consists of a frame dwelling built in two stages and dated to about 1750 together with its compatible and unobtrusive 20th-century additions. The earliest section is a 1 1/2-story frame Colonial erw dwelling with irregular bays and three entrances. It was carefully restored and rehabilitated in the preservation manner of the Colonial Revival style after 1933.
 The John Rogers House is located in Branford Connecticut. The house was built in 1750 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1988.
 Aberdeen is a village in Brown County Ohio United States along the Ohio River. The population was 1638 at the 2010 census.Aberdeen is connected to Maysville Kentucky by the Simon Kenton Memorial Bridge to downtown Maysville and the William H. Harsha Bridge a cable-stayed bridge completed in 2001. It was part of Zane's Trace a frontier road through the Northwest Territory completed in 1797.
 Mansfield Park is a 1999 British romantic comedy-drama film loosely based on Jane Austen's novel of the same name written and directed by Patricia Rozema. The film differs sharply from the original novel in many respects. For example the life of Jane Austen is incorporated into the film and the issues of slavery and plantations as well. The majority of the film was made at Kirby Hall in Northamptonshire.
 Amara chaudoiri is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family.
 After Dark is the first EP released by the Arizona post-hardcore band Scary Kids Scaring Kids. It was released independently in 2003 and re-released in 2005 through Immortal Records.The album was produced and engineered by the former The Ataris pianist/keyboard player Bob Hoag and mixed and mastered by Jason Livermore.
 The Turabo River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Yevda Sasunovich Abramov (born 12 June 1948 Qırmızı Qəsəbə Quba Rayon Azerbaijan) is a Member of the National Assembly of Azerbaijan and Deputy chairman of Azerbaijani National Assembly's Committee on Human Rights. Abramov is a Mountain Jew representing a part of Azerbaijani Jewish community.
 76:14 is an ambient music album by Global Communication. Initially released via Dedicated on June 1 1994 the album has been re-issued a number of times most recently in 2005 in an expanded and remastered version.The title of the album corresponds to the record's total running time in minutes and seconds. Likewise each track on the album is correspondingly titled after its respective length.
 The SunTrust Center is a skyscraper located in the Central Business District of Orlando Florida. Rising to 441 ft (134.4 m) it is the tallest building in Orlando and Central Florida. Completed in 1988 it has 35 stories and 30 floors of usable office space. Originally named the Sun Bank Center the name changed after SunTrust Banks began its series of mergers and acquisitions in the 1990s.
 Anti-Crisis Girl is a compilation album by Ukrainian artist Svetlana Loboda. The album was released to promote her appearance at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. Loboda participated on behalf of Ukraine with the song Be My Valentine! (Anti-Crisis Girl) which features on the album in both English and Russian (Парень Ты НиЧё! Paren Ti NiCHo)
 Hip Twist is an album by organist Shirley Scott featuring saxophonist Stanley Turrentine which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Prestige label.
 Piz Alv is a mountain of the Swiss Livigno Alps located south-east of Pontresina in the canton of Graubünden. It lies in the group culminating at Piz Minor.
 The Pyshma (Russian: Пышма) is a river in Sverdlovsk and Tyumen Oblasts of Russia. It is a tributary of the Tura and is 603-kilometer (375 mi) long with a drainage basin of 19700 square kilometers (7600 sq mi).The Pyshma has its sources at 290 meters AMSL on the eastern side of the Ural Mountains near the town of Verkhnyaya Pyshma just north of Yekaterinburg.
 The Bozieni River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 The Blue Gate of Babylon is the third comic novel by British writer Paul Pickering published by Chatto & Windus and Penguin Books in the United Kingdom and Random House in the United States was long-listed for the Booker Prize became a New York Times notable book of the year and saw Pickering included in the Top Ten Young British Novelists. The novel received favourable reviews on both sides of the Atlantic.
 Site Anubis is an album by Paul Schütze and Phantom City released in 1996 through Big Cat Records.
 Armies Of Death is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Ian Livingstone illustrated by Nik Williams and originally published in 1988 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2003. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series.
 Imogene Pass (el. 3997 m./13114 ft.) is a high mountain pass in the San Juan Mountains in the southwest part of the US state of Colorado.It crosses a ridge connecting Ouray Colorado with Telluride Colorado and is the highest mountain pass in the San Juan Mountains and the second highest vehicular mountain crossing in Colorado.
 Archie is a long-running comic strip based on the line of the popular Archie Comics. Launched by King Features Syndicate in 1947 it features the misadventures of Archie Andrews and his pals.Bob Montana drew the first issue of the Archie comic book (November 1942). During World War II Montana spent four years in the Army Signal Corps drawing coded maps and working on training films with author William Saroyan and cartoonists Sam Cobean and Charles Addams.
 Piz Picuogl is a mountain of the Albula Alps located between Mulegns and the Val Bever in Graubünden. On its northern side lies the glacier Vadret da Calderas. On the same ridge is located the lower summit Tschima da Flix.
 Gavkosh (Persian: گاوكش‎ also Romanized as Gāvkosh) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District Gafr and Parmon District Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 25 families.
 The Vancouver Police Museum (formerly Vancouver Police Centennial Museum) opened to commemorate the centennial of the Vancouver Police Department and the City of Vancouver British Columbia in 1986. Located at 240 E. Cordova Street in Vancouver's Gastown the museum is housed in a building that was once both the Coroner’s Court and autopsy facilities (until 1980) and the City Analyst’s laboratory (until 1996).
 The Israel Law Review is the oldest Israeli law journal published in English. In Great American Lawyers an Encyclopaedia it is referred to as being among the most prestigious of scholarly journals.
 A Strange Manuscript Found in a Copper Cylinder is the most popular book by James De Mille. It was serialized posthumously and anonymously in Harper's Weeklyand published in book form by Harper and Brothers of New York City during 1888. It was serialized subsequently in the United Kingdom and Australia and published in book form in the United Kingdom and Canada.
 Spring Garden School No. 1 is a historic school building located in the Poplar neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1927-1928. It is a three-story three bay brick building in the Moderne-style. It features a limestone entrance surround a limestone parapet and decorative tile.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Euripides' Electra (Ancient Greek: Ἠλέκτρα Ēlektra) was a play probably written in the mid 410s BC likely after 413 BC. It is unclear whether it was first produced before or after Sophocles' version of the Electra story.
 Force Works was a Marvel Comics superhero team. It first appeared in the comic book series Force Works #1 (July 1994). The title was written by Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning and initially drawn by Tom Tenney.The group was formed from the remains of the West Coast Avengers after leader Iron Man left the Avengers due to an internal dispute. Force Works maintained a different outlook than the Avengers trying to preempt natural and manmade disasters.
 Gar Gaz (Persian: گرگز‎ also Romanized as Gar Kaz) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2014 in 460 families.
 The Carson City Civic Auditorium at 813 N. Carson St. in Carson City Nevada was designed by architect Lehman A. Ferris and was built during 1938-39. It was funded by a municipal bond and by the Public Works Administration. Also known simply as Municipal Auditorium it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.It was deemed significant as a depression era works project and also as a rare example of a monumentally-scaled Romanesque Revival-styled building in Nevada.
 Long Live the Past is the second of two EPs by The Pack. Released by Cyclõps Records in 1982 it spent five weeks on the UK Indie Chart peaking at number 12.
 God's Gift to Women (1931) is a all-talking pre-code musical romantic comedy film released by Warner Brothers and starring Frank Fay Laura LaPlante Louise Brooks and Joan Blondell. The film was based on the play called The Devil Was Sick by Jane Hinton and was originally completed as a musical film. Due to audience distaste for musicals however all the songs were cut in all U.S. prints. The complete film was released intact in other countries where there was no such decline in popularity.
 The Pope Villa in Lexington Kentucky USA was designed by Benjamin Henry Latrobe in 1811 for Senator John Pope. It is one of only three extant Latrobe residences in the United States. As one of Latrobe's most avant-garde designs the Pope Villa has national significance for its architect and unique design.Purchased in 1987 by the Blue Grass Trust for Historic Preservation the Pope Villa is now being restored to reflect its 1811 original construction appearance.
 Les Spécialistes (French pronunciation: ​[le spesjalist]) is a 1985 French film directed by Patrice Leconte.
 Garfield Gets a Life is a half-hour animated television special based on the Garfield comic strip written by Jim Davis. It features Lorenzo Music as the voice of Garfield. The special was first broadcast May 8 1991 on CBS and has been released on both VHS and DVD home video. It was the final Garfield television special probably due to the success of the Garfield and Friends animated series. Odie only appears twice in this special.
 Wait Until The Evening is a novel by Hal Bennett published in 1974. It was the follow-up to his award-winning novel Lord of Dark Places.
 The Seven Stars Galleria is a hotel located in Milan Italy. It describes itself for marketing purposes as the world's first seven-star hotel citing the private inspection company Société Générale de Surveillance although official star classification in Italy includes no rating higher than five-star. The hotel is a member of luxury hospitality trade organisation The Leading Hotels of the World.The hotel opened in March 2007 in the Milan shopping arcade Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II.
 Pfreimd is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Piz Toissa is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps located west of Salouf in the canton of Graubünden.
 Barrow is an old lunar crater that is located near the northern limb of the Moon. It lies between the crater Goldschmidt to the northwest and the irregular formation Meton to the northeast. To the southwest is W. Bond.The outer wall of Barrow has been heavily eroded by subsequent impacts and reshaped by intruding craters. As a result the rim now resembles a ring of rounded hills and peaks surrounding the flat interior. The younger satellite crater Barrow A lies across the southwest rim.
 Elsie Hillman (born December 9 1925) is an American civic and political leader philanthropist and activist with a lifelong devotion to Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. A Republican National Committeewoman for over 20 years she was instrumental in electing moderate Republicans including President George H.W. Bush Senator John Heinz and Pennsylvania Governors Dick Thornburgh and Tom Ridge.
 Bigger Better Faster More! is the only studio album released by alternative rock band 4 Non Blondes released in 1992. The first single was Dear Mr. President which bass player Christa Hillhouse told Songfacts was about the hierarchy of power and government.
 King of the Zombies (1941) horror comedy film produced by Monogram Pictures.
 Johnnie Blakeney Rawlinson (born December 16 1952) is a judge for the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
 The Tongariro River is a river in the North Island of New Zealand. The part of the Waikato River from the Waihohonu Stream down to Lake Taupo was formally named the Tongariro River in 1945. The river originates in the Central Plateau of the North Island where it is fed by numerous tributaries (such as the Whitikau Poutu and Mangamawhitiwhiti streams) that flow off the surrounding hill ranges and mountains such as Mount Ruapehu.
 The Selina River or Șumița River is a tributary of the Brezovița River in Romania.
 Łęczyca [wɛnˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Sarıhacılar Akseki is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 Kerry Metzger is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives representing parts of Tuscarawas County and Guernsey County from 1995-2002. He was succeeded in 2003 by Jimmy Stewart.
 In the Country of Last Things is a dystopian epistolary novel written by American author Paul Auster and first published in 1987.
 Uda Aramba is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Neela Sari is a Malayalam film directed by M. Krishnan Nair released in 1976. The film is based on a popular novel written by Cheri Viswanath. It's love story with a tragic ending.
 Genius + Soul = Jazz is a 1961 album by Ray Charles featuring big band arrangements by Quincy Jones and Ralph Burns. Charles is accompanied by two groups drawn from members of The Count Basie Band and from the ranks of top New York session players. It was recorded at the Rudy Van Gelder Studio in two sessions on December 26 and 27 1960 and originally released on the Impulse! label as Impulse! A–2.The album was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2011.
 Mount Hombori (Hombori Tondo) is a mountain in Mali's Mopti Region near the town of Hombori. At 1153 meters it is the highest point in Mali.Mount Hombori is a significant archaeological site with caves inhabited more than 2000 years ago.Images from Hombori:- Mount Hombori: [1]- Main de Fatima: [2]
 Nazareno (Salta) is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Hacıveliler Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca Antalya Province Turkey.
 For the Woody Guthrie song see Deportee (Plane Wreck at Los Gatos).Deportee is a 1976 dramatic short film written produced and directed by Sharron Miller. It stars Andrew Stevens Leslie Paxton and Sam Gilman.
 The Pontalba Buildings form two sides of Jackson Square in the French Quarter of New Orleans Louisiana.These are matching red-brick one-block-long four‑story buildings built in the 1840s by the Baroness Micaela Almonester Pontalba.
 Stigmella fasciata is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Slovenia Croatia Greece and Turkey.The wingspan is 4.3–5 mm. Adults are on wing from June to September.The larvae feed on Quercus pubescens. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of an extremely densely wound corridor resembling a brown dot. Only the last part of the corridor loosens itself from the knot.
 Highway is a 1995 Malayalam action thriller film directed by Jayaraaj written by Sab John story by Jayaraaj and produced by Prem Prakash.
 Quirrenbach (Pleisbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Eko Eko Azarak (エコエコアザラク) is a Japanese manga by Shinichi Koga. This is also known as the Wizard of Darkness. The manga serves as the basis of live-action TV-series and live-action movies.
 Byeonsan (Uisangbong) is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an altitude of 509 metres.
 Los Hijos Del Maiz is Kinto Sol's fourth album.
 Seyyed Taj ol Din (Persian: سيدتاج الدين‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Tāj ol Dīn and Seyyed Tāj od Dīn; also known as Saiyid Hāji Seid-Khadzhi Seyyed Ḩājī Seyyed Ḩājīm Seyyed Ḩājīn and Seyyed Ḩājjīn) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Khoy County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2490 in 482 families.
 The Kirby's Tiger (Parantica kirbyi) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.The name honours William Forsell Kirby.
 l'Adige is an Italian local daily newspaper based in Trento. It is sold in Trentino and is the most read newspaper in the region along with his main rivals Corriere del Trentino and Trentino.
 Moja Wola [ˈmɔja ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 The Slătioara River is a tributary of the Sebiș River in Romania.
 Holland is a village in Lucas County Ohio United States. The population was 1764 at the 2010 census. Holland is home to the J.H. Fentress Antique Popcorn Museum.
 Seksdagesløbet is a 1958 Danish drama film directed by Jørgen Roos and starring Poul Reichhardt.
 The Nine Billion Names of God (1967) is a collection of science fiction short stories by Arthur C. Clarke.
 Ventolin is a piece of electronic music composed by Cornish musician Richard D James. It is noted for its abrasive sound. James recorded numerous versions of the piece under his Aphex Twin alias.The piece is named after a trade name for the drug Salbutamol which is prescribed for the treatment of asthma. A reported side effect of this drug is tinnitus a high pitched ringing in the ears.
 The Gay Intruders is a 1948 comedy film directed by Ray McCarey and released by 20th Century Fox.
 Flörkendorfer Mühlenau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Saigon Eclipse (Sài Gòn nhật thực) is a 2007 Vietnamese film. The 90-minute film directed by Othello Khanh and starring Dustin Nguyen Trương Ngọc Ánh (vi) Marjolaine Bui (fr) Johnny Tri Nguyen Như Quỳnh (actress) Daniel You Edmund Chen and Joseph Chen Tseng is based on Nguyen Du's epic poem The Story of Kieu.
 Decision Points is a memoir by former U.S. President George W. Bush. It was released on November 9 2010 and the release was accompanied by national television appearances and a national tour. The book surpassed sales of two million copies less than two months after its release breaking the record previously held by former President Bill Clinton’s memoir My Life. Decision Points also opened at #1 on the New York Times bestseller list.
 Polyortha paranae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil.
 Purpurcapsula bayeri is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae the false cowries or trivias.
 Karnachi (Persian: كرناچي‎ also Romanized as Karnāchī; also known as Karnājī) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4644 in 1117 families.
 The Boarmiini (also often called Cleorini) are a large tribe of geometer moths in the Ennominae subfamily.
 SM City Bacolod is a supermall located along Rizal Street Reclamation Area Bacolod City Negros Occidental Philippines. It has a total of land area of 161096.60 square meters and a total floor area of 71760 square meters. SM City Bacolod is the 29th supermall of SM Prime Holdings and the 3rd in the Visayas region. It opened on March 1 2007. SM City Bacolod is currently undergoing renovation and expansion that will be completed in phases.
 So Close is the debut album by British soul–dance singer Dina Carroll released in January 1993 on the A&M label. The album made its chart debut at #2 and remained in the top 20 of the UK Albums Chart for six months. It ended 1993 as the fourth-best-selling album of the year in the United Kingdom and its success continued into 1994 as it remained in the top 20 for another three months and again rose to a peak of #2.
 Ebrahim Hesari (Persian: ابراهيم حصارئ‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīm Ḩeşārī) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Shomali Rural District Marhemetabad District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 509 in 138 families.
 Peter Elliott Shumlin (born March 24 1956) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who serves as the 81st and current Governor of Vermont and has served as chair of the Democratic Governors Association since December 2012. First elected Governor in 2010 he was re-elected by a large margin in 2012. He previously served in the Vermont House of Representatives from 1990 to 1993 and represented the Windham District in the Vermont Senate from 1993 to 2003 and 2007 to 2011.
 La légion saute sur Kolwezi also known as Operation Leopard is a French war film directed by Raoul Coutard filmed in French Guiana. The script is based on the true story of the Battle of Kolwezi that happened in 1978. It was diligently described in a book of the same name by former 1 REP Captain Pierre Sergent. He published his book in 1979; the film came out in 1980. Raoul Coutard shot the film in a documentary style.
 Susan Deacon (born 2 February 1964 Musselburgh) is a Scottish public figure who operates across the spheres of corporate business academia and the not-for-profit sector and is an adviser on public policy governance and leadership. She is a former Scottish Cabinet Minister.She was Labour MSP for Edinburgh East & Musselburgh from 1999–2007 and served as Scotland’s first Cabinet Minister for Health and Community Care following the creation of the Scottish Parliament in 1999.
 Paravespa is an afrotropical and palearctic genus of potter wasps.
 North Table Mountain is a mesa located just northeast of downtown Golden Colorado in Jefferson County Colorado. Its most distinctive feature is its cap of basaltic rock formed from Cenozoic lava flows from the nearby Ralston Dike. North Table Mountain is a popular scenic and recreational destination of the Denver metro area and it is preserved as public open space by Jefferson County and the Access Fund.
 Park Central Mall was the first shopping mall in Phoenix Arizona located on Central Avenue and Osborn Road. Today it exists as a mixed-use business park primarily occupied by regional administrative offices for Catholic Healthcare West and regional offices for UnitedHealth Group. The property currently is known simply as Park Central.
 The Postal River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows west from the Fenian Range reaching the Oparara River five kilometres northeast of Karamea. The Postal River's entire length is within Kahurangi National Park.
 Evripidis Stylianidis (Greek: Ευριπίδης Στυλιανίδης also transliterated Evripidis Stilianides) is a Greek politician who has been Minister for the Interior since 21 June 2012. He is a member of the New Democracy and served as Minister for Education and Minister for Transport and Communications at the cabinets of Kostas Karamanlis. Currently he is also a parliament member.
 Batura Sar also referred to as Batura I is the 25th highest mountain on earth and the 10th highest in Pakistan. It is the highest peak of the Batura Muztagh which is the westernmost subrange of the Karakoram range. It forms the apex of the Batura Wall which is a continuously high part of the backbone of the Batura Muztagh.Alternate forms of the name of this peak are Batura Batura I and Batura I East.
 Alburnus arborella is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus.
 The Mount Stuart visitor centre on the Bute estate near Rothsay on the Island of Bute was designed by the architect Alfred Munkenbeck of Munkenbeck + Marshall and was opened by Richard Attenborough in June 2001.
 The European Journal of Medical Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal. Established as a print journal published by Holzapfel Verlag in 1995 it was relaunched in 2012 as an open-access online-only format by BioMed Central.
 Monthly Big Comic Spirits (月刊!スピリッツ Gekkan Biggu Komikku Supirittsu) is a monthly Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Shogakukan and aimed at males 20–25 years old. It originally launched on August 27 2009. It is a companion magazine to the weekly Big Comic Spirits.
 Mark Kaniela Ing is an American politician and member of the Hawaii State House of Representatives. Ing was born and raised on the island of Maui Hawaii and was elected to serve the 11th House District (South Maui: Kihei Wailea Makena) as a first-time candidate in 2012. Ing ran in the Democratic primary election against opponents Joe Bertram Colin Hanlon and Netra Halerpin and received 43% of the votes.
 Brian E. Linder (born January 24 1972) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 61 since January 8 2013.
 Gymnitidae is a family of Lower to Middle Triassic ammonite cephalopods with evolute discoidal shells. Hyatt and Smith (1905 p. 114-115) included the Gymnitidae in the suborder Ceratitoidea which later became the superfamily Ceratitaceae and included in it genera more primitive than Gymnites as well as the more advanced Gymnites. Those being Xenaspis Flemingites and Ophiceras. Derivation as shown in Smith (1932 p. 30) is from Xenodiscus.
 Free Yourself is the debut album by American Idol winner Fantasia Barrino which was released on November 23 2004. The album was a great success for Barrino selling over 240000 units in its first week and reaching number eight on the United States Billboard 200 chart. Free Yourself is certified platinum in the US and has been nominated for more than twenty awards four of which were Grammy Awards.
 The Fairmont Chateau Lake Louise is a Fairmont Hotel on the eastern shore of Lake Louise near Banff Alberta. The original Chateau was gradually built up at the end of the 19th and the beginning of the 20th century by the Canadian Pacific Railway and was thus kin to its predecessors the Banff Springs Hotel and the Château Frontenac. The hotel's wooden Rattenbury Wing burned down on 3 July 1924 and was replaced by the current Barrot Wing one year later.
 The Pleasant Reed House was a sidehall shotgun house in Biloxi Mississippi on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built by Pleasant Reed (1854–1932) a former slave on a Mississippi farm who moved with his family to coastal Biloxi after the American Civil War. Reed as a freedman worked as a laborer and carpenter and earned the money to build his own house for his rapidly growing family.
 The Glăvan River is a tributary of the Lozna River in Romania.
 Genovesa Island (Tower Island) is a shield volcano in the Galápagos Islands in the eastern Pacific Ocean. The island occupies about 14 square kilometres (5 sq mi) and its maximum elevation is 64 m (210 ft). The horse-shoe shaped island has a volcanic caldera whose wall has collapsed forming the Great Darwin Bay surrounded by cliffs. Lake Arcturus filled with salt water lies in the centre and sediment within this crater lake is less than 6000 years old.
 The Lost Continent: The Story of Atlantis is a fantasy novel by C. J. Cutcliffe Hyne.
 The Journal of Rheumatology is a peer-reviewed medical journal addressing topics in rheumatology and arthritis. It is an official journal of the Canadian Rheumatology Association. Since 1992 the journal has published the proceedings of Outcome Measures in Rheumatoid Arthritis Clinical Trials (OMERACT) conferences.
 Witmer's Tavern also known as the Conestoga Inn Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located at East Lampeter Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania just east of U.S. 30 on Old Philadelphia Pike. It is a large 2 1/2-story rectangular blue limestone building. The original section was built about 1725 and expanded in 1773. It was renovated in 1978. and was later operated as a bed-and-breakfast.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Darreh Namdari (Persian: دره نامداري‎ also Romanized as Darreh Nāmdārī) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District Falard District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 66 families.
 Jeanne Blackistone Dorsey Mandel (May 11 1937 – October 6 2001) was a First Lady of Maryland and second wife of former Maryland Governor Marvin Mandel whom she had met in January 1963. She was a native of Leonardtown St. Mary's County Maryland. Mrs. Mandel died from Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS also known as Lou Gehrig's Disease).Jeanne Blackistone Dorsey was elected to be one of Leonardtown's Town Commissioners in 1968 the first woman elected to public office in St.
 Clarence Stork (October 9 1896 – February 3 1970) was an English-born farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Shaunavon from 1934 to 1938 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Farmer-Labour Group member.He was born in London and came to Canada in 1913 finding employment as a railway worker. Stork served overseas with the Canadian Army during World War I and received the Distinguished Service Order. He married Louise Smith in London in 1918.
 Winx Club: The Secret of the Lost Kingdom (Italian: Winx Club - Il Segreto Del Regno Perduto) is an Italian CGI animated feature film based on the television series Winx Club taking place after the events of the first three seasons. The film had premiere on November 30 2007 in Italian cinemas.Rainbow S.r.l. offered the film to the Cannes Film Festival in 2007. Australian singer Natalie Imbruglia sings the film's ending song All the Magic.
 1 Night in Paris is a 2004 pornographic video depicting Paris Hilton having sexual intercourse in 2001 with Rick Salomon. Not originally intended[citation needed] for release it was filmed primarily with a single stationary tripod-mounted camera using night vision. However a handful of scenes were filmed indoors without night vision.
 Njanasundari is a 1961 Indian Malayalam science mythological film based on the film Nalla Thangal .it was a hit film.starring prem nazirL.VijayalakshmiS.P.PillaiBahadoor etc..produced by T.E.Vasudevankoshydirected by K.S.sethumadhavan.
 Maryanne Lewis is an American businesswoman and former Massachusetts State Representative. In August 2010 Lewis announced she will run as an Independent candidate for the US House of Representatives from the Massachusetts 10th district.
 The Chief Designer is a science fiction novella published in 2001 by Andy Duncan. It won the 2002 Sturgeon Award and was nominated for the 2002 Hugo Award for Best Novella. It also appeared in Gardner Dozois' The Year's Best Science Fiction: Nineteenth Annual Collection.
 Laureano López Rodó (18 November 1920 - 11 March 2000) was a Spanish lawyer diplomat and politician who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs during the rule of Francisco Franco.
 The Livingston Mall is a two-level super-regional shopping mall owned by the Simon Property Group located in Livingston New Jersey United States serving western Essex Morris and Union counties. The mall has a gross leasable area of 985000 sq ft (91500 m2).
 Șipet is a village in Timiș County in the Romanian part of Banat. Administratively it is one of the villages included in the commune of Tormac.In 2002 the population of 856 people was ethnically split between Romanians (90%) Slovaks (7%) Magyars (<1%) Germans (<1%) and others (2%).
 Dendropoma corallinaceus common name the colonial worm shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vermetidae the worm snails or worm shells.
 Saint Patrick's Cathedral in Dublin also known as The National Cathedral and Collegiate Church of Saint Patrick Dublin or in the Irish language as Árd Eaglais Naomh Pádraig founded in 1191 is the larger of Dublin's two Church of Ireland cathedrals and the largest church in Ireland with a 43-metre (140 feet) spire. The other cathedral Christ Church is the diocesan cathedral of the diocese of Dublin and Glendalough.
 Tavankesh (Persian: توانكش‎ also Romanized as Tavānkesh) is a village in Shahu Rural District in the Central District of Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 294 in 68 families.
 The New York Daily News was a daily New York City newspaper from 1855 to 1906 unrelated to the Daily News (New York) founded in 1919. Founded in the 1850s it flourished under the stewardship of Benjamin Wood and faltered after his death in 1900 going through three owners (including his widow) before suspending publication in mid-December 1906.
 Renaissance is the seventh studio album by the Village People released in 1981. The title reflects the band's departure from the disco genre with which they had long been associated to a New Wave style following the downfall of disco as well as the discontinuation of their signature costumes.[citation needed]The album failed commercially and critically[citation needed] and most were turned off by the unexpected change in direction.
 Ticket to Ride: Inside the Beatles' 1964 Tour that Changed the World is a 2003 memoir by Larry Kane. It accounts his experience as the only American reporter to travel with The Beatles' entourage in their 1964 and 1965 tours of The United States and Canada at the height of Beatlemania. At the time the offer was given to him Larry Kane was not himself a Beatles fan so he wrote from the perspective of a journalist rather than a fan.
 Heldorado is a 1946 American modern day Western film starring Roy Rogers set during the annual Helldorado Days celebrations in Las Vegas. It was the last teaming of Roy and comedy relief sidekick Gabby Hayes. Hayes shares a scene with Pat Brady who later became Rogers' comedy relief sidekick.
 The Firesteel River is a river in Thunder Bay District northwestern Ontario Canada in the Hudson Bay drainage basin. It flows from Trap Lake 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east of the Canadian National Railway location of George and 19 kilometres (12 mi) north of the community of Upsala southwest under the Canadian National Railway the Canadian Pacific Railway mainline and Ontario Highway 17 to its mouth at the Seine River 28 kilometres (17 mi) west of Upsala.
 Song for Everyone is an album by Indian violinist L. Shankar featuring Jan Garbarek Zakir Hussain and Trilok Gurtu. It was released on the ECM label in 1985.
 Flint Lake is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Weekly Reader was a weekly educational classroom magazine designed for children. It began in 1928 as My Weekly Reader. Editions covered curriculum themes in the younger grade levels and news-based current events and curriculum themed-issues in older grade levels.
 Leirfjord Church (Norwegian: Leirfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Leirfjord in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Leland. The church is part of the Leirfjord parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1867 and it seats about 450 people.
 Roses from the South (German:Rosen aus dem Süden) is a 1926 German silent romance film directed by Carl Froelich and starring Henny Porten Angelo Ferrari and Wilhelm Bendow. Its title is a reference to the song Rosen aus dem Süden by Johann Strauss II. Art direction was by Franz Schroedter. The film premiered in Berlin on 11 March 1926.
 This article describes the 22nd album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 22 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 22 or Now 22 was released in 1992 on vinyl audio cassette and Compact Disc.
 Derek S.K. Kawakami is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Hawaii House of Representatives since April 4 2011 representing District 14. Kawakami was appointed by Governor Neil Abercrombie to fill the vacancy caused by the appointment of Hermina Morita to chair the Hawaii Public Utilities Commission.
 Frankfurter Büro Center (English: Frankfurt Office Centre) also known as FBC is a 40-storey 142 m (466 ft) skyscraper in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt Germany.
 Mother (Russian: Мать translit. Mat also released as 1905) is a 1955 Soviet drama film directed by Mark Donskoy and based on the eponymous novel by Maxim Gorky. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse-Prescott Main in Prescott Arizona was built in 1931. It was or is also known as Prescott Main Post Office and Courthouse and Prescott Main Post Office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It is a Beaux Arts architecture building and is NRHP-listed for its architecture.The Post Office steps are made of porphyritic granite from Minnesota containing large 1-inch phenocrysts of orthoclase feldspar.
 The Body Issue is an edition of ESPN The Magazine that featured over 30 athletes in nude and semi-nude photographs which is intended to rival Sports Illustrated′s Swimsuit Issue. The first issue debuted on October 9 2009.
 Mannancherry is a village in Alappuzha district in Kerala India. It is situated about 10 km north of Alappuzha town. Mannanchery is blessed with its scenic beauty. The Vembanad Lake forms the eastern boundary of this village.In governance Mannancherry is a Panchayat. In parliamentary representation it is part of the Alappuzha Assembly constituency as well as the Alappuzha LokSabha constituency.The major occupation of the people of this village has been coir making for the last few decades.
 Love Songs – A Collection is a greatest hits album by Olivia Newton-John similar to Love Songs that was released in 1999 the album consists of romantic songs from the singer.
 A Flight of Pigeons is a novella by Indian author Ruskin Bond. The story is set in 1857 and is about Ruth Labadoor and her family (who are British) who take help of Hindus and Muslims to reach their relatives when the family's patriarch is killed in a church by the Indian rebels. The novella is a mix of fiction and non fiction and was made into a film in 1978 called Junoon by Shyam Benegal starring Shashi Kapoor his wife Jennifer Kendal and Nafisa Ali.
 Philip Yorke 1st Earl of Hardwicke PC (1 December 1690 – 6 March 1764) was an English lawyer and politician who served as Lord Chancellor. He was a close confidant of the Duke of Newcastle Prime Minister between 1754 and 1756 and 1757 until 1762.
 Itihaas (translated as History) is a 1987 Hindi film directed by V. Joshi and produced by Tito starring Raaj Kumar Shabana Azmi Rati Agnihotri Anil Kapoor Mohnish Bahl Suresh Oberoi and Danny Dengzongpa.
 Nobody Knows My Name: More Notes of a Native Son is a collection of essays by the American author James Baldwin. The collection was published by Dial Press in July 1961 and like Notes of a Native Son Baldwin's first collection published 1955 it includes revised versions of several of his previously published essays as well as new material.
 Cape Breton Regional Hospital is a Canadian hospital in Sydney Nova Scotia.Operated by the Cape Breton District Health Authority the Cape Breton Regional Hospital opened in 1995 replacing the Sydney City Hospital (opened in 1916) and St.
 Ron Hansen (born May 27 1943) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. He was a New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 1995.
 The Five Fingers Group (also known as The Five Fingers) is a group of summits on the divide between Pitt Lake and Coquitlam Lake and north of Widgeon Lake in British Columbia Canada. The nearest populated areas are Anmore and Coquitlam. The peaks all part of the same massif are named for the fingers of a hand but none of the names are officialThe area is extremely remote and inaccessible.
 The Pentagon is the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense located in Arlington County Virginia. As a symbol of the U.S. military the Pentagon is often used metonymically to refer to the U.S. Department of Defense.The Pentagon was designed by American architect George Bergstrom (1876–1955) and built by general contractor John McShain of Philadelphia. Ground was broken for construction on September 11 1941 and the building was dedicated on January 15 1943.
 The New Zealand Bellbird (Anthornis melanura) also known by its Māori names Korimako or Makomako is a passerine bird endemic to New Zealand. It has greenish colouration and is the only living member of the genus Anthornis. The bellbird forms a significant component of the famed New Zealand dawn chorus of bird song that was much noted by early European settlers. The explorer Captain Cook wrote of its song it seemed to be like small bells most exquisitely tuned.
 Mount Ellery with an elevation of 1280 metres (4200 ft) AMSL is a mountain that is part of the Errinundra Plateau within the Errinundra National Park located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria. The mountain is approximately 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) south of the hamlet of Goongerah.
 Big Sage Reservoir is an artificial lake in Modoc County California and Modoc National Forest. Its waters are impounded by Big Sage Dam which was completed in 1921.
 This article is about hummingbirds from the genus Topaza. For the Ruby Topaz see Ruby-topaz Hummingbird.The topazes are two species of hummingbirds in the genus Topaza. They are found in humid forests in the Amazon Basin. Males are by far the largest hummingbirds in their range – the Giant Hummingbird of the Andes is the only larger species in the family. Males have a total length of about 22 cm (8½ in) although this includes their elongated rectrices.
 The Dorough Round Barn and Farm near Hickory Level Georgia is a 196-acre (79 ha) property that includes a round barn and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The listing included five contributing buildings and another contributing structure.
 The United States Naval Shipbuilding Museum is a private non-profit museum in Quincy Massachusetts featuring USS Salem (CA-139) a heavy cruiser docked at the former Fore River Shipyard where she was laid down in 1945. The museum was established in 1993 in response to efforts by local officials and volunteers to revive the shipyard area after operations at Fore River ended in 1986.
 Ecsenius midas known commonly as the Midas blenny Lyretail blenny or Golden blenny is a species of marine fish in the family Blenniidae.The Midas blenny is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific area from the eastern coast of Africa Red Sea included to the Marquesan Islands.It grows to a size of 13 cm in length.Its normal color is golden orange but it can adapt its color (mimicry) to match the color of the fishes it mixes with. It shows a black spot near the anus.
 Before I Hang is a 1940 American science fiction horror film released by Columbia Pictures starring Boris Karloff. The film was directed by Nick Grinde (under the working title The Wizard of Death) and was one of several films Karloff starred in contract with Columbia.
 Capturing the Friedmans is a documentary film directed by Andrew Jarecki. It focuses on the 1980s investigation of Arnold and Jesse Friedman for child molestation. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Documentary Feature in 2003.Some of the Friedmans' alleged victims and family members wrote to the Awards Committee protesting the nomination their identities confirmed but protected by the judge who presided over the court case.
 The River Brosna (Irish: An Bhrosnach) is a river in Ireland flowing through County Westmeath and County Offaly.The river rises in Lough Owel north of Mullingar and is a tributary of the River Shannon. It meets the Shannon at Shannon Harbour.
 Dalla cypselus is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Colombia and Bolivia.
 Aspistor luniscutis is a species of sea catfish found along the coasts of French Guiana and Brazil. This species attains a length of 120 cm TL.
 Double Plaidinum is the fourth album by Lagwagon released on August 12 1997 (see 1997 in music). It is their first album without the original line-up as guitarist Shawn Dewey and drummer Derrick Plourde both left the band before the recording of this album.
 The Pitt News is an independent student-written and student-managed newspaper for the main campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Oakland which has been active in some form since 1910. It is published Monday through Friday during the regular school year and Wednesdays during the summer.
 The Pharmacist is a 1933 American film directed by Arthur Ripley.
 The Hidden Fortress (隠し砦の三悪人 Kakushi toride no san akunin literally The Three Villains of the Hidden Fortress) is a 1958 jidaigeki film directed by Akira Kurosawa and starring Toshiro Mifune as General Makabe Rokurōta (真壁 六郎太) and Misa Uehara as Princess Yuki.
 Mind Blowin' is the second studio album by American rapper Vanilla Ice. Released on March 22 1994 it is the rapper's final release on SBK Records. The album did not chart and received unfavorable reviews. It has since received some degree of cult status in the hip hop community. Songs from the album made up one third of Vanilla Ice's tours during 1992-2010.Ice followed up this album with 1998's Hard to Swallow which involved a switch to the record label Republic Records.
 Chin Hsiao-hui (Chinese: 金筱輝; pinyin: Jīn Xiǎohuī) is a politician in the Republic of China. He currently serves as the Deputy Minister of the Veterans Affairs Council of the Executive Yuan.
 Edakallu Guddada Mele (Kannada: ಎಡಕಲ್ಲು ಗುಡ್ಡದ ಮೇಲೆ English: On top of the Edakallu Hills) is a 1973 Indian Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal based on a novel by Bharathisutha of the same name and starring Jayanthi Aarathi Chandrashekar Shivaram.
 Glee: The Music The Christmas Album is the fourth soundtrack album by the cast of the American musical television series Glee. The album was released on November 9 2010 and accompanies the season two Christmas episode A Very Glee Christmas aired December 7 2010. Dante Di Loreto and Brad Falchuk serve as the album's executive producers.
 The Vice Society is the second novel from writer James McCreet first published in May 2010. It is a Victorian detective thriller set in 1840s London and continues a series featuring the characters of George Williamson Noah Dyson and Inspector Albert Newsome.
 Engine Company No. 25 is a historic firehouse located at 3203 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave SE Washington District of Columbia.
 Patrick Joseph Kennedy II (born July 14 1967) is an American politician. He is the former U.S. Representative for Rhode Island's 1st congressional district serving from 1995 until 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party. The district includes all of Bristol County and Newport County and parts of Providence County. Kennedy did not seek re-election in 2010.A member of the Kennedy political family he is the younger son of the longtime Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy.
 Common Sense is the fourth album by American folk singer and songwriter John Prine released in 1975.
 Oneida is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hulst in 1889.
 Gol-e Khatr (Persian: گلخاطر‎ also Romanized as Gol-e Khāţr and Gol Khāţer; also known as Gol-e Khāţū') is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Kohleh-ye Hammam (Persian: كهله حمام‎ also Romanized as Kohleh-ye Ḩammām; also known as Koleh-ye Ḩammām) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 11 families.
 Garra kalakadensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Tales from the Mos Eisley Cantina (1995) is an anthology of short stories set in the fictional Star Wars universe. The book is edited by Kevin J. Anderson.
 STUFF is Eleanor McEvoy's eleventh studio album. The tracks on the album were compiled to meet the requests from fans for songs they couldn't find elsewhere. McEvoy chose the songs from her collection of single mixes audiophile tracks and songs written and performed on other artists records. McEvoy then went into the studio to record tracks that weren't found in her collection. After all songs were recorded the entire album was re-mastered.
 Stephen Graham Wade (born 28 March 1960) is an Australian politician. He has been a Liberal Party of Australia member of the South Australian Legislative Council after an appointment in May 2006. Wade was a ministerial adviser to former state minister Dr Michael Armitage before working in the water industry. Having decided to make a move into politics himself he nominated for the party's Legislative Council ticket for the 2006 state election with the support of the party's moderate faction.
 Pleurotomella benedicti is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Tyrrhena Terra is a large area on Mars centered south of the Martian equator and immediately northeast of the Hellas basin. Its coordinates are 14.8°S 90°E﻿ / -14.8; 90 and it covers 2300 km at its broadest extent. It was named for a classic albedo feature of the planet and is in the Mare Tyrrhenum quadrangle of Mars. Tyrrhena Terra is typical of the southern Martian terrae with heavily cratered highlands and other rugged terrain.
 Salehiyeh (Persian: صالحيه‎ also Romanized as Şāleḩīyeh) is a village in Doruneh Rural District Anabad District Bardaskan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 38 families.
 Send-e Bala (Persian: سندبالا‎ also Romanized as Send-e Bālā) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 952 in 255 families.
 Webster Rubber Company Plant is an historic site on Greene Street in Sabattus Maine.The plant was built in 1869 and added to the National Historic Register in 1989.
 Al-Hamraa (Arabic: الحمراء‎ also spelled al-Hamra) is a village in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate located northeast of Hama. Nearby localities include Jubb al-Othman to the northeast Abu al-Thuhur to the north Fan al-Shamali to the west Maar Shahhur to the southwest Salamiyah to the south and Sabburah to the southeast. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) al-Hamraa had a population of 1783 in the 2004 census.
 Zodarion pythium is a spider species found in Greece.
 Wyszowate [vɨʂɔˈvatɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianne within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Trzcianne 12 km (7 mi) south of Mońki and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Solaris is a 1961 Polish science fiction novel by Stanisław Lem. The book is about the ultimate inadequacy of communication between human and non-human species.In probing and examining the oceanic surface of the planet Solaris from a hovering research station the human scientists are in turn being studied by the sentient planet itself which probes for and examines the thoughts of the human beings who are analyzing it.
 Big Comic Superior (ビッグコミックスペリオール Biggu Komikku Superiōru) is a semimonthly seinen manga magazine published since 1987-07-01 by Shogakukan in Japan. Its target audience is somewhere between the audience for Big Comic Original and Big Comic Spirits. Superior was originally a special issue of Big Comic Original published twice monthly on the 1st and 15th.
 Ward Crutchfield (born December 6 1928) is a Tennessee politician and a former Democratic member of the Tennessee Senate for the 10th district which encompasses Marion County and part of Hamilton County. He was a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives from 1957 to 1959 and 1961 to 1963.
 The World of Apu originally titled Apur Sansar is a Bengali drama film directed by Satyajit Ray. It is the third part of The Apu Trilogy about the childhood and early adulthood of a young Bengali named Apu in the early twentieth century Indian subcontinent.
 A History of British Birds is a natural history book by Thomas Bewick published in two volumes. Volume 1 Land Birds appeared in 1797. Volume 2 Water Birds appeared in 1804. A supplement was published in 1821. The text in Land Birds was written by Ralph Beilby while Bewick took over the text for the second volume.
 Xtabentum: A Novel of Yucatan is a popular novel published in 2011 by first-time Mexican Yucatan American novelist Rosy Hugener who resides in Long Grove Illinois.The author sprinkles in enough Mayan folklore to pique the reader's interest. Some of the descriptions are creative. The story line is believable and it draws the reader into the book. Mexico’s turbulent history and the struggle of its indigenous peoples are presented in a palatable way.
 Kambanthodath Kunhan Vishwanatham or Kambanthodath Vishwanatham (4 November 1914 – 17 or 18 August 1992) was governor of the Indian state of Gujarat.Shri K.K. Vishwanathan was born in Mattancheri Cochin on November 4 1914. He was educated at St. Thomas College Trichur Maharaja's College Earnakulam and Law College Trivandrum. He took his Bachelor's Degree in Law from the Madras University in 1938 and started his legal practice in Cochin the same year.
 Pedal Pusher is a play written by the English director and playwright Roland Smith. Pedal Pusher revolves around the Tour de France in the late 1990s and early 2000s. It was developed from dialogue gleaned from interviews biographies and archive footage. It premiered at London's Cavendish Gate Theatre in July 2009 starring Tom Daplyn Josh Cass Alexander Guiney and Graham O'Mara directed by Roland Smith and produced by Theatre Delicatessen.
 The Caramávida River is a river of Chile.
 Olympic Games is a 1927 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 63rd Our Gang short subject released.[citation needed]
 Out for Justice is a 1991 American action film directed by John Flynn and starring Steven Seagal. Written by David Lee Henry the film is about a veteran police detective who vows to kill the crazy drug-addicted mafioso who murdered his partner. Realistic dialogue intense action sequences and the web of relationships of a man with connections on both side of law are portrayed.
 Dover Immigration Removal Centre (formerly known as Dover Prison) is an immigration detention centre located in the historic citadel of the Western Heights fortifications in Dover England. The centre is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service. Dover has been designated as an historic site by English Heritage.
 The Girl from Capri (German: Das Mädel von Capri) is a 1924 German silent comedy film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Lya Mara Ulrich Bettac and Robert Scholz. It premiered in Berlin on 10 July 1924.
 The Goshute Mountains is a mountain range in southern Elko County in the northeastern section of the state of Nevada in the Great Basin region of the western United States.
 Carrsbrook is a historic home and farm complex located near Charlottesville Albemarle County Virginia. The main house was built about 1785 and is a five part Palladian style dwelling. It has a central projecting 2 1/2-story three bay wide section flanked by 1 1/2-story single-bay wings connected by hyphens. The front facade features a single-story dwarf portico supported by Doric order columns.
 Rock Creek is a 52-mile (84 km) river in Missoula and Granite County Montana. Rock Creek is a tributary of the Clark Fork river. The river's headwaters are in Lolo National Forest near Phillipsburg Montana. The river roughly parallels the Sapphire Mountains and enters the Clark Fork near Clinton Montana. Sapphires are found along the river.
 The Elf on the Shelf: A Christmas Tradition is a 2005 children's picture book written and self-published by American author Carol Aebersold and daughter Chanda Bell and illustrated by Coë Steinwart. The book tells a Christmas-themed story written in rhyme that explains how Santa Claus knows who is naughty and who is nice and describes elves visiting children between Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve after which they return to the North Pole until the next holiday season.
 Hugh Percy 3rd Duke of Northumberland KG PC (20 April 1785 – 11 February 1847) styled Earl Percy until 1817 was a British aristocrat and Tory politician who served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland under the Duke of Wellington from 1829 to 1830.
 Aag Aur Chingari is 1994 Hindi language Movie directed by Kanti Shah and starring Asrani Shakti Kapoor Paresh Rawal Kiran Kumar Ravi Kishan and Sripradha.
 Enderly is a historic home located at Charlottesville Virginia. It was built in 1859-1860 and is a two-story three bay Greek Revival style brick dwelling. It has an original one-story rear wing later expanded to two stories in the 20th century. A single-story Colonial Revival front porch replaced the original portico.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Taming of the fire (Russian: Укрощение огня) is a 1972 film directed by Daniil Khrabrovitsky and starring Kirill Lavrov.).
 The red-rimmed melania scientific name Melanoides tuberculata is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum a parthenogenetic aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Thiaridae.The common name comes from the presence of reddish spots on the otherwise greenish-brown shell.The species name is sometimes spelled Melanoides tuberculatus but this is incorrect because Melanoides Olivier 1804 was clearly intended to be feminine because it was combined with the feminine specific epithet fasciolata in the original description.This species is native to northern Africa and southern Asia but it has been accidentally introduced in many other tropical and subtropical areas worldwide. 
 The Journal of Midwifery & Women's Health is a bimonthly peer-reviewed healthcare journal covering midwifery and women's health. It is the official journal of the American College of Nurse-Midwives.
 Angove River or Angove Creek is a river located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia most of the river is found within Two Peoples Bay Nature Reserve. The stream was discovered in 1898 by surveyor William Angove and was named in 1913 after its discoverer by another surveyor BW Ridley.The water is of excellent quality and is considered as fresh potable water. Only 5% of the catchment area has been cleared mostly in the very upper reaches and around the lake.
 Poduru (Telugu: పోడూరు) is a village and a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. In Telugu it means Little forest as it used to a forest before it was cleared for cultivation. The main occupation is paddy cultivation; others include weaving and tailoring.
 Electro-Shock Blues is the second studio album by American band Eels. It was released in the United Kingdom on September 21 1998 and October 20 1998 in the United States through record label DreamWorks.
 Zagorzyn [zaˈɡɔʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łącko within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has a population of 860.
 Lucky Miles is an Australian drama feature film based on several true stories involving people entering Australia illegally along the continent's coastline. Its director was Michael James Rowland and its producers were Jo Dyer and Lesley Dyer.
 Podlugovi (Serbian: Подлугови) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hyles malgassica is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Madagascar.
 William Stevens Fielding PC (November 24 1848 – June 23 1929) was a Canadian Liberal politician the seventh Premier of Nova Scotia (1884–96) and the Minister of Finance 1896–1911 and 1921–25.
 The Grand Village of the Illinois also called Old Kaskaskia Village is a site significant for being the best documented historic Native American village in the Illinois River valley. It was a large agricultural village of Native Americans of the Illini confederacy located on the north bank of the Illinois River near the present town of Utica Illinois. French explorers Louis Joliet and Father Jacques Marquette came across it in 1673.
 Wola Lubiankowska [ˈvɔla lubjaŋˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Głowno 31 km (19 mi) east of Zgierz and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kiessee Dreenkrögen is a lake in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 35 m its surface area is 0.068 km².
 Abdallah S. Jum'ah (born 1941) is a prominent Saudi business executive and the former President and CEO of Saudi Aramco a position he held from January 1995 to December 2008.He serves as a director of The Saudi Investment Bank and has been a director of Halliburton since 15 July 2010.
 Temple Israel is possibly the oldest synagogue west of the Mississippi River it was erected at 201 West 4th Street in Leadville Colorado during the summer of 1884 in less than two months. The Temple Israel building is a rare example of a frontier synagogue. The small 25 ft × 72 ft (7.6 m × 21.9 m) Carpenter Gothic structure was designed by George E. King and constructed by Robert Murdock for $4000 on land donated by the silver baron Horace A. W. Tabor.
 Ypsora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Kacper Ryx is a Polish historical crime novel written by Mariusz Wollny published for the first time in 2006 by Cracow-based Wydawnictwo Otwarte. Novel features many historical characters including poets Mikołaj Sęp-Szarzyński Jan Kochanowski and Mikołaj Rej. It also features Jan Zamojski Jan Tomasz Drohojowski Zygmunt II August Mikołaj Rej Łukasz Górnicki and Erazm Czeczotka.
 Dreibrüderhöhe is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Baanam (English: Arrow) is a Tollywood film which released on September 16 2009. This film stars Nara Rohith and Vedika in the lead roles. Chaitanya Dantuluri directed this film and Priyanka Dutt produced this film on Three Angels Studio Pvt Ltd Banner. The film was a debut for Nara Rohith as lead actor and Chaitanya Dantuluri as director. The Movie was an average at the box office but brought some praises for the film-makers and got so many critics.
 Miši (in Serbian Cyrillic: Миши) is a village in the municipality of Livno in Canton 10 of Bosnia and Herzegovina. In the 1991 census it had a population of 919 inhabitants a majority of whom were Croats.
 American Blue Note is a 1989 film directed by Ralph Toporoff who wrote the screenplay with Gilbert Girion. Filmed in 1989 the independently produced American Blue Note didn't get a distributor until 1991.
 Rieser-Shoemaker Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located in Bern Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It has seven contributing buildings and two contributing structures. They are a 2 1/2-story vernacular Federal brick farmhouse (c. 1820); stone Pennsylvania bank barn (c. 1820); a group of stone brick and frame outbuildings (c. 1820-1930); and a stone walled spring. The original land grant to Henry Reiser was in 1725.
 Christine E. Canavan is the Massachusetts state representative for the 10th Plymouth District which consists of West Bridgewater Ward 4 Precincts B&C; Ward 5 Precincts B C & D; and all of Ward 6 of Brockton Precinct 3 of Easton and Precinct 1 of East Bridgewater. Canavan has held this seat since 1993.
 Qushqovan-e Sofla (Persian: قوشقوان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qūshqovān-e Soflá; also known as Owjdaraq) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 Gaasperplas is an artificial lake used for recreational purposes south-east of Amsterdam in the Netherlands.Gaasperplas was created with the extraction of sand for the construction of the Bijlmer. At its deepest the lake is 35 metres deep.
 William Henry Hunt (June 12 1823 – February 27 1884) was the United States Secretary of the Navy under President James Garfield and briefly under President Chester A. Arthur.
 Storming Heaven is Denise Giardina's second novel. It was published in 1987 and won the W.D. Weatherford Award that year. It is a fictionalized account of the labor strife in the coalfields of southern West Virginia USA during 1920 and 1921.Chapter
 Kicking Against the Pricks is the third album released by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. First released in 1986 the album is a collection of cover versions.
 Les Rendez-vous de Paris [Rendez-vous in Paris] is a 1995 portmanteau French film directed by Éric Rohmer.Three loosely connected variations on the theme of the lover's rendezvous in Paris.
 Hattarwad is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Kumpgraben is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Dall's porpoise (Phocoenoides dalli) is a species of porpoise found only in the North Pacific. It came to worldwide attention in the 1970s when it was disclosed for the first time to the public that salmon fishing trawls were killing thousands of Dall's porpoises and other cetaceans each year by accidentally capturing them in their nets. Dall's porpoise is the only member of the genus Phocoenoides. It was named after American naturalist W. H. Dall.
 Klikach is a village in Karnobat Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Emów [ˈɛmuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna within Otwock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Wiązowna 4 km (2 mi) north of Otwock and 21 km (13 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Forthbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Burden of Truth is a 2006 release by Circle II Circle. It was the band's third full-length studio release so far and is a concept album with the songs telling a story based on The DaVinci Code. Unlike the band's first two albums this album does not feature a guest appearance from lead vocalist Zak Stevens's former Savatage bandmates Chris Caffery and Jon Oliva.
 The Cupaș River is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania. The lower reach of the river defines the border between Harghita and Neamţ counties
 Kukh-e Kani Guyz (Persian: كوخ كاني گويز‎ also Romanized as Kūkh-e Kānī Gūyz) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District Alut District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 113 in 18 families.
 Linda McCartney's Sixties: Portrait of an Era (published on 13 October 1992) is a book by Linda McCartney which presents a number of selected photographic portraits of rock legends. Linda McCartney's Sixties: Portrait of an Era continues to be the most famous work by McCartney.
 Comedown Machine is the fifth studio album by American indie rock band The Strokes which was released on March 26 2013 in the U.S. and on March 25 in the UK. This was the final release in fulfilling the band's contract agreement with longtime label RCA Records.
 Serious Money is a satirical play written by Caryl Churchill first staged in London in 1987. Its subject is the British stock market specifically the London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange (LIFFE). It is notable for being largely written in rhyming couplets.
 William E. Baldwin is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He was elected to Court of Common Pleas of Schuylkill County on November 3 1987.
 Engine Company No. 28 is a former Los Angeles Fire Department fire station on Figueroa Street in Downtown Los Angeles. Built in 1912 the structure served as an operating fire station until it was closed in the 1960s. In the late 1980s it was renovated as a restaurant operating under the name Engine Company No. 28. The restaurant serves food based on recipes from American fire houses. In 1979 the building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Booker T. Washington National Monument is a National Monument near Hardy Franklin County Virginia. It preserves portions of the 207-acre (0.90 km²) tobacco farm on which educator and leader Booker T. Washington was born into slavery on April 5 1856. It provides interpretation of Washington's life and achievements as well as interpretation of 1850s slavery and farming through the use of buildings gardens crafts and animals.
 Cuevas del Almanzora Reservoir is a reservoir in Cuevas del Almanzora province of Almeria Andalusia Spain.
 La Vista (pictured) also known as The Grove is a historic plantation house located in Spotsylvania County Virginia. It was built about 1855 and is a two-story three bay Federal / Greek revival style frame dwelling. It has a hipped roof interior end chimneys and a pedimented portico with fluted Doric order columns. Also on the property are the contributing smokehouse and the Boulware family burial grounds.La Vista was added to the National Register of Historic Places in December 1997.
 Aik Aur Ghazi is a Punjabi-language film directed by Syed Noor. It is based on a man named Yusuf Kazzab from Lahore who claimed to be a Prophet. He was sentenced to death by a lower court of Pakistan and was murdered by a man named Tariq in jail.
 Walk the Line is a 1992 album released by former Supremes member Mary Wilson on the independent CEO Records label.The album was Wilson's first solo album to be released since her debut album Mary Wilson in 1979 on Motown Records. Wilson had began work on a second solo album in 1980 working with English record producer Gus Dudgeon. Dudgeon had produced 4 tracks for the album but Motown dropped Wilson from the label before the album was completed.
 Doraemon TV Soundtrack Collection is a collection of TV opening and ending songs based on the Doraemon TV series during the 30 years of the franchise's TV anniversary.
 Euterebra taylori is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 District X also known as Mutant Town or the Middle East Side is a fictional location in Marvel Comics. It is a neighborhood in New York City first seen during Grant Morrison's run on the series New X-Men in New X-Men #127 which was primarily populated by mutants. The ghetto was established in Alphabet City Manhattan (also known as Loisaida) a neighborhood in the East Village (located between Avenues A to D and between Houston and 14th Streets).
 BusinessWorld is a business newspaper in the Philippines with a nationwide circulation of more than 100000 (as of February 2014). Originally published in 1967 as Business Day it is Southeast Asia's first daily business newspaper.
 Aşağıkuzören is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 133 people.
 Hong Kong Will Be Destroyed After 33 Years (Chinese: 香港將於33年後毀滅) is a Hong Kong science fiction short film produced by a studio called GVA Creative. It was released on YouTube in March 2014 and quickly went viral.
 The Crockett County Courthouse is a historic courthouse built in 1902 at 907 Ave D Ozona Texas United States. The Second Empire style building was designed by Oscar Ruffini of San Angelo. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 27 1974.Crockett County was organized in 1891and named after Davy Crockett. The first courthouse was a wood frame structure built in 1891.
 William J. Hosey (May 5 1854 - September 10 1937) was an American politician and the 20th mayor of Fort Wayne Indiana. Between 1905 and 1934 he served four non-consecutive terms of office.
 Another Time is an album by American-born British-based drummer Jeff Williams. It was released on 10 October 2011 on Whirlwind Recordings.
 Return to the Promised Land is a gospel music soundtrack and 80th overall album by American country singer Johnny Cash released in 2000 as the soundtrack to the 45-minute video of the same title (released in 1992 by Rev. Billy Graham's World Wide Pictures it was only available in VHS format). The Return To The Promised Land soundtrack was released by the now-defunct Brentwood Tennessee independent label Renaissance Records.
 Schwarzenbach (Obere Argen) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Doumanani is a village and seat of the commune of Miria in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 68 km northwest of Sikasso.
 The Words You Don't Swallow is the first full length studio album by American pop rock band Anarbor. The band recorded the album with Mike Green (who has also recorded for Paramore Set Your Goals and Spill Canvas). Their debut album was released on April 20 2010. The album gets its name from lyrics in the song Contagious. The album peaked at number 50 on Billboard's Independent Albums chart and number 16 on the Heatseekers chart.
 The Mercantile Continental Building is located at 1810 Commerce Street in downtown Dallas Texas (USA). It is a contributing structure at the edge of the Government District and adjacent to Main Street Garden Park. The building was built and owned by Mercantile National Bank and connected to their complex by an underground walkway.
 35 Hudson Yards (also known as the E Tower or Equinox Tower) is a mixed-use building currently approved for construction in Manhattan's West Side and is slated to be composed of apartment units and a hotel. Located near Hell's Kitchen Chelsea and the Penn Station area the building is a part of the Hudson Yards project a plan to redevelop the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's West Side Yards.
 A Death in the Small Hours by Charles Finch is a novel set in England during the Victorian era. It is the sixth novel in the Charles Lenox series.
 Patelloida pseudopygmaea is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae one of the families of true limpets.
 Lost and Found (天涯海角 - Tian ya hai jiao literally the ends of the world) is a 1996 Hong Kong film written and directed by Lee Chi-Ngai. It stars Kelly Chan Takeshi Kaneshiro and Michael Wong.
 Harmukh (also known as Mount Haramukh or Harmukh mountain) is a mountain with a peak elevation of 5142 metres (16870 ft) in Ganderbal district of Jammu and Kashmir. Harmukh is part of the Himalaya Range and is located between Nallah Sindh in the south and Kishanganga Neelum River in the north rising above Gangabal Lake in the vicinity of Kashmir valley. It is mostly climbed from the northwestern side of Arin Bandipore.
 Nissly Swiss Chocolate Company is a historic factory complex located at Mount Joy Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The complex includes two contributing buildings. They are the three-story three bay by six bay factory building and the one-story four bay by three bay L-shaped boiler room building. The buildings were both built in 1920. It was used to produce milk chocolates until 1929.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 St Mary's Church Edwinstowe is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Edwinstowe.
 The Doamna River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania
 Main (Persian: مائين‎ also Romanized as Mā’īn; also known as Mahīān Māhīn Mā’īnī and Qal‘eh Now-e Mā’īn) is a village in Abarj Rural District Dorudzan District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 765 in 148 families.
 Chatrak (English: Mushrooms) is a 2011 Indian Bengali drama film directed by Sri Lankan director Vimukthi Jayasundara. The film was screened at several film festivals worldwide including the Directors' Fortnight in the 2011 Cannes Film Festival. The film led to controversy in India when a scene involving explicit nudity was leaked on the internet.
 The Unparalleled Invasion is a science fiction story written by Jack London in 1910.
 The Chinese Cultural Centre is a building in Calgary Alberta Canada. It is located on the north-eastern side of downtown and was completed in September 1992.The centre piece of the complex is the Dr. Henry Fok Cultural Hall a building modeled after the Hall of Prayers of the Temple of Heaven in Beijing. The 70 foot (21 m) high ceiling is decorated with 561 dragons and 40 phoenixes. It is supported by 4 columns with gold ornamentation representing each season.
 Kalateh-ye Zanganeh (Persian: كلاته زنگنه‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Zanganeh) is a village in Zaveh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 829 in 165 families.
 The Doughgirls is a 1944 American film comedy revolving around the newlywed Halstead couple and their misadventures trying to find some privacy and living space in the housing shortage of wartime Washington D.C.
 Baptizing is an album by the progressive bluegrass Maryland band The Seldom Scene. It is marked as a last album for John Starling and arrival of new singer/guitarist Phil Rosenthal. It is also The Seldom Scene's last album recorded under Rebel Records before switching to Sugar Hill Records.
 Cracked was an American humor magazine. Founded in 1958 Cracked proved to be the most durable of the many publications to be launched in the wake of Mad magazine.In print Cracked conspicuously copied Mad's layouts and style and even featured a simpleminded wide-cheeked mascot named Sylvester P. Smythe on its covers (see Alfred E. Neuman). The Smythe character was referred to as Cracked's janitor.
 Ragdale is the summer retreat of Chicago architect Howard Van Doren Shaw located in Lake Forest Illinois. It is also the home of the Ragdale Foundation.
 Burgum (Dutch: Bergum) is the largest and administrative town of the municipality of Tytsjerksteradiel in the Dutch province of Friesland with a population of 10083 inhabitants (December 1 2009). Since January 1 1989 the West Frisian name Burgum is the official name before 1989 the Dutch name was the official one.The name Burgum is suggestive of an area of higher altitude than the surrounding area. The province of Friesland is bordered in the north by the Wadden Sea.
 Jagatpur is a Village Development Committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3699 people residing in 662 individual households.
 Here Come the ABCs is the eleventh studio album and second children's album by alternative rock band They Might Be Giants aimed at young children learning the alphabet.
 Walk the Talk is a 2001 Australian film. It was funded by David Geffen.
 Vesicomyidae is a taxonomic family of saltwater clams marine bivalve mollusks in the superfamily Glossoidea.
 Phyllonorycter tridentatae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Iberian Peninsula.The larvae feed on Chamaespartium tridentatum. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Brzozowa [bʐɔˈzɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gromnik within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of Tarnów and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 743.
 Järvajõe is a village in Tamsalu Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It lies on the left bank of the Valgejõgi River.
 Laguna Bolivia is a lake in the Marbán Province Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 166 m its surface area is 11 km².
 Zombie Prostitute... is an EP by the Dark Wave/dark cabaret artist Voltaire released in 2006 by Projekt Records.All the songs apart from China Girl appeared on Ooky Spooky. Zombie Prostitute... appeared in the same form. Día de los Muertos appeared translated to English meaning Day of the Dead.
 Autentico! is an album by Brazilian guitarist Bola Sete released in 1966 through Fantasy Records. In 2004 it was reissued on CD on the anthology Voodoo Villiage.
 LaMar Baker (December 29 1915 – June 20 2003) was a Tennessee businessman and Republican political figure who served two terms in the United States House of Representatives from 1971 to 1975. Earlier he had been a member of both houses of the Tennessee State Legislature.
 The Aldus Chapin Higgins House is a historic house at 1 John Wing Road on the campus of Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI) in Worcester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story house was designed by Grosvenor Atterbury although Aldus Chapin Higgins the owner had likely made sketches and other design notes for some years before hiring Atterbury.
 Piz Cambrena is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps overlooking the Lago Bianco in the canton of Graubünden. It is situated between Piz Palü and the Bernina Pass.
 The Owendoher River (Irish: An Dothra Bheag) is a small river in southern County Dublin Ireland a tributary of the River Dodder.
 The Passionate Demons (Norwegian: Line) is a 1961 Norwegian drama film directed by Nils Reinhardt Christensen. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Torne River also known as the Tornio River (Finnish: Tornionjoki Swedish: Torne älv Torneälven Northern Sami: Duortneseatnu Meänkieli: Tornionväylä) is a river in northern Sweden and Finland. Approximately half of the river's length is a part of the border between these two countries. It rises at Lake Torne (Swedish: Torneträsk) near the border with Norway and flows generally southeast for a distance of 522 kilometres (324 mi) into the Gulf of Bothnia.
 Kokofata is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The commune includes 17 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 21117.
 Wallach is a tiny lunar impact crater located in the eastern Mare Tranquillitatis. It is a circular bowl-shaped feature with a negligible interior floor; the inner walls just slope down to the midpoint of the crater. Wallach is located to the northeast of the crater Maskelyne near some low ridges in the lunar mare.
 Edmund Henry Lushington (11 July 1766 - 27 March 1839) was the 2nd Chief Justice of Ceylon. He was also a Barrister-at-Law Bencher of the Inner Temple Puisne Judge in Ceylon Chief Commissioner of the Colonial Audit Board Master of the Crown Office. He was appointed in 1807 and was acting Chief Justice until 1809. He was succeeded by William Coke who was also acting Chief Justice.
 Saphenista nuda is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Carchi Province).
 The Shiraz World Trade Center is a mixed-use development project currently under construction in Shiraz Iran.
 No Time is the fourth EP released by the American anarcho street punk band Defiance released on Profane Existence in 1997.
 Kurchatov is a lunar impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side. It is just to the southwest of the crater Wiener and farther to the southeast of Bridgman. A couple of crater diameters to the south of Kurchatov is the northern edge of the Mare Moscoviense.This is a worn and eroded crater formation with a pair of small craters lying across the northern rim and a generally worn and pitted rim and inner wall.
 The Journal of Contemporary Religion is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal which covers anthropological sociological psychological and philosophical aspects of religion.
 Mohammed Ali Beshr (also Bishr; born 14 February 1951) is an Egyptian politician who served as minister of state for local development from 5 January to 4 July 2013. He is one of the prominent figures of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt.
 Buyu Balease (also known as Baliase or Gunung Baleaseis) is a mountain on Sulawesi island located north-east of Palopo city in South Sulawesi Indonesia.
 Lintneria praelongus is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Honduras and Guatemala.It is similar to Lintneria istar but more greyish white and the forewings are more elongate.The larvae probably feed on Lamiaceae (such as Salvia Mentha Monarda and Hyptis) Hydrophylloideae (such as Wigandia) and Verbenaceae species (such as Verbena and Lantana).
 The John Wood Mansion was built between 1835 and 1838 by John Wood who in 1860 became the 12th governor of Illinois on the death of Governor William Bissell. The Wood family moved into the Greek Revival home situated at 12th and State Streets in Quincy Illinois from an unusual two-story log cabin in 1837. Quincy is the county seat of Adams County. Wood founded both the county (1825) and city (1835).
 Haddington Hill (also called Wendover Hill) is a hill in The Chilterns and the highest point in the English county of Buckinghamshire. On the north-eastern flank is Coombe Hill not to be confused with another Coombe Hill 4 kilometres to the south-west.Haddington Hill is owned by the Forestry Commission whose Wendover Woods cover much of the hill.
 The Jauaru River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Klopfzeichen is the first full-length album by German experimental music trio Kluster.Klopfzeichen was recorded on December 21 1969 at Rhenus-Studio Gordorf Germany. Liner notes on the CD reissue on the Hypnotic label as well as some websites place the recording date precisely one year later in 1970. This is incorrect as it would place the recording after the initial release date.
 Reflexisphodrus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Reflexisphodrus eugrammus Vereschagina 1989 Reflexisphodrus formosus Semenov 1895 Reflexisphodrus gracilior Lassalle & Marcilhac 1999 Reflexisphodrus graciliusculus Vereschagina 1989 Reflexisphodrus lanzouicus Lassalle & Marcilhac 1999 Reflexisphodrus marginipennis Fairmaire 1891 Reflexisphodrus refleximargo (Reitter 1894) Reflexisphodrus reflexipennis Semenov 1889 Reflexisphodrus remondorum Lassalle & Marcilhac 1999 Reflexisphodrus stenocephalus Vereschagina 1989 Reflexisphodrus wuduensis Lassalle & Marcilhac 1999↑
 The General Danced at Dawn is a 1970 collection of short stories by George MacDonald Fraser featuring a young Scottish soldier named Dand MacNeill. It is a fond portrait of life in the British army specifically in the Highland Division after the end of the second world war.It was based on Fraser's time as an officer in the Gordon Highlands in Libya after World War Two.The book was followed by McAuslan in the Rough and The Sheikh and the Dustbin.
 Mianzulan (Persian: ميانزولان‎ also Romanized as Mīānzūlan and Mīān Zūlān; also known as Mūzelān) is a village in Avarzaman Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 51 families.
 Lake Evoron (Russian: Эвopон) is a large freshwater lake in Khabarovsk Krai Russia. It has an area of 194 square kilometres and is 30 km long and 12 km wide. Its average depth is about 2–3 m. The lake is used for fishing. Evur River empties to the lake.
 Hardt Regn (Hard Rain) is the third studio album by Norwegian hard rock group Skambankt. It was released on January 26 2009.The first single from the album Malin was released on the band's MySpace account and several digital music stores in October 2008.
 Bambai Ki Sair is a Bollywood comedy film. It was released in 1941.
 Asgarabad-e Kuh (Persian: عسگرابادكوه‎ also Romanized as ‘Asgarābād-e Kūh; also known as ‘Asgarābād) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 880 in 211 families.
 Innocent Edward Kalogeris (born 3 March 1959) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Morogoro South constituency since 2010.
 The Indonesia Museum (Indonesian: Museum Indonesia) is an anthropology and ethnological museum located in Taman Mini Indonesia Indah (TMII) Jakarta Indonesia. The museum is concentrated on arts and cultures of various ethnic groups that inhabit Indonesian archipelago and formed the modern nation of Indonesia.
 William H. Moran (c. 1864 – September 10 1946) was the longest-serving Chief of the United States Secret Service serving from 1917 to 1936. He was appointed by President Woodrow Wilson and served under five presidents: Wilson Warren G. Harding Calvin Coolidge Herbert Hoover and Franklin D. Roosevelt.
 Mehide is a village in Lüganuse Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Apatemyidae is an extinct family of placental mammals that took part in the first placental evolutionary radiation together with other early mammals such as the leptictids.Common in North America during the Paleocene they are also represented in Europe by the genus Jepsenella.
 The Saint Marys River is an 8.4-mile-long (13.5 km) tributary of the South River in Augusta County in the U.S. state of Virginia. By the South and Maury rivers it is part of the James River watershed.The river flows through the Blue Ridge Mountains rising north of the Blue Ridge Parkway near the highlands known as Big Levels and flows west to the South River near the village of Steeles Tavern.
 William Conyngham Plunket 1st Baron Plunket PC KC (1 July 1764 – 5 January 1854) was an Irish politician and lawyer. He served as Lord Chancellor of Ireland between 1830 and 1834 and again between 1835 and 1841.
 The Harwood's Francolin (Pternistis harwoodi) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family. It is a grey-brown bird with red bill and tail and red bare skin around the eyes.
 Jacobus Van Cortlandt was a wealthy merchant and the 30th and 33rd Mayor of New York City from 1710 to 1711 and again from 1719 to 1720.He was born in 1658.Van Cortlandt purchased a parcel of land in what is now Van Cortlandt Park in the Bronx New York from John Barrett after his father Samuel Barrett died around 1691. At that time the plantation was considered Yonkers.
 Päevaleht was a daily newspaper published in Estonia from 1990 to 1995.On 1 February 1990 the newspaper Noorte Hääl (published between 1940–1941 and 1944–1990) was renamed to Päevaleht.The last issue was published on 4 June 1995. After that the newspapers Hommikuleht Päevaleht and Rahva Hääl were merged and given the name Eesti Päevaleht.
 Out. Anthems 4 is a dance compilation album from Ultra Records released as part of the label's Out.Anthems series. It was released on July 28 2009 and mixed by longtime club DJ Ricardo!. The series is notable for being the first gay-themed musical compilation.
 Gaali Maathu (Kannada: ಗಾಳಿಮಾತು) is a 1981 Indian Kannada drama film directed and produced by Dorai - Bhagwan duo. It is based on the novel of the same name by Ta. Ra. Su. The film starred Jai Jagadish Lakshmi and Kokila Mohan in lead roles.The film was a musical blockbuster with all the songs composed by Rajan-Nagendra considered evergreen hits.
 Chrysotoxum arcuatum is a species of hoverfly. It is widespread throughout Britain and Ireland but much more common in the upland districts of the north and west where it is typically found at ground level near woodland and moorland edges. The larvae are thought to feed on root aphids associated with ant colonies.
 And I Thank You is the first full-length album by Canadian indie rock band The Elwins. Before its release on February 21 2012 it was named among the top 20 most anticipated Canadian albums of 2012 by Exclaim! The single Come on Out was the number one song on CBC Radio 3's The R3-30 chart for the week of June 9 2012.
 Harlan Page Bird was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
 The Albergue Caritativo Tricoche or Hospital Tricoche (English: Tricoche Charitable Shelter or Tricoche Hospital) is a historic building located on Tricoche street in Ponce Puerto Rico in the city's historic district. It was designed by the Spanish Royal Corps of Engineers. The architecture consists of 19th Century Civil Architecture.
 Halifax Town Hall is a grade II listed 19th century town hall in Halifax West Yorkshire England. It is notable for its design and interiors by Charles Barry and his son Edward Middleton Barry and for its sculptures by John Thomas.
 Goldsborough is a proletarian novel by the German-American writer Stefan Heym. It depicts a coal miners’ strike during 1949-1950 set in the fictional Goldsborough Pennsylvania a company town near Pittsburgh. The protagonist is Carlisle Kennedy head of a large family and himself a miner. When the local union chief fails to take action against the company Kennedy leads a wildcat pit strike.
 The Crăcălia River is a tributary of the Glăvănești River in Romania.
 That Championship Season is a 1999 television film about a four members of a championship high school basketball team along with their coach that reunite 20 years later. The film is based on Jason Miller's Pulitzer Prize winning play of the same name. Sorvino assumes the role played by Robert Mitchum in the original film with D'Onofrio in his role from that presentation.
 John N. Harms (b. February 17 1940 in Bayard Nebraska) is a Nebraska state senator from Scottsbluff Nebraska in the Nebraska Legislature and a former President of Western Nebraska Community College.
 James Francis Jim Murphy (born 23 August 1967) is a British Labour Party politician and is the Member of Parliament (MP) for East Renfrewshire.He is currently the Shadow Secretary of State for International Development having previously served as Shadow Defence Secretary. From October 2008 to May 2010 he served in government as Secretary of State for Scotland.
 Eupithecia subdeverrata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Daghestan.
 The Ape Who Guards the Balance is the tenth in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.
 Elemental is the second full studio album by the electronic body music/futurepop band Cesium_137. Released in 2004 it was the first release by the band after a three year break.
 The Striated Thornbill (Acanthiza lineata) is a species of bird in the Pardalotidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Ludham Bridge is a hamlet on the River Ant on the Norfolk Broads in Norfolk England. It carries road traffic from Wroxham to Potter Heigham on the A1062. The bridge has 2.59m (8' 6) mean headroom for vessels and to the north has 130 metres of free 24 hours public mooring available to river craft.
 Ebach (Pinnau) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Valea Rugului River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 Bielica [bjɛˈlit͡sa] (German: Behlendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Godkowo 25 km (16 mi) east of Elbląg and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Paul Joseph Kelly Jr. (born 1940) is a United States federal judge sitting on the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. His chambers are in Santa Fe New Mexico.Born in Freeport New York Kelly received a B.B.A. from the University of Notre Dame in 1963 and a J.D. from Fordham University School of Law in 1967. He was in private practice in Santa Fe New Mexico from 1967 to 1992.
 Isırganlı is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 96 people.
 Lemmaku is a village in Tudulinna Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 The Andaman Mormon (Papilio mayo) is a species of swallowtail butterfly that is endemic to the Andamans. It is a species that is protected by Indian Law. The scientific name honours Richard Bourke 6th Earl of Mayo who was assassinated at Port Blair the year before the butterfly was discovered.
 Crossroads is the third full-length studio album by the Futurepop band mind.in.a.box released on August 31 2007 on Dependent Records and September 25 2007 on Metropolis Records.
 Deeghuparwar is a village in Deegh mandal in Sant Ravidas Nagar District in Uttar Pradesh State in India. Deegh Uparwar is 31.9 km from its District Main City Gyanpur and 215 km from its State Main City Lucknow.The locally famous Katara Market is situated in this village.
 Looking for Danger is a 1957 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys. The film was released on October 6 1957 by Allied Artists and is the forty-sixth film in the series.
 Portals to Uphobia is the second full-length studio album Detonation released on the French label Osmose Productions.The artwork for the album was created by Niklas Sundin of Dark Tranquillity.
 Mark Born (born April 14 1976) is an American law enforcement officer and politician.Born in Beaver Dam Wisconsin Born graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College. He then worked in the Dodge County Wisconsin sheriff department. Born also served on the Beaver Dam Common Council. In November 2012 Born was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly as a Republican.
 Stara Żubrówka [ˈstara ʐuˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Krasnopol 15 km (9 mi) west of Sejny and 108 km (67 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Okkadunnadu (Telugu: ఒక్కడున్నాడు) is a 2007 Telugu film starring Gopichand in the lead role Neha Jhulka is female lead and Mahesh Manjrekar as the antagonist. The film was written and directed by Chandra Sekhar Yeleti and produced by P. Chiranjeevi (Cherry) who was an executive producer for hit films such as Chatrapati and Vikramarkudu. The film released on 3 March 2007 turned out to be an average flick at the boxoffice.
 The Ivan the Great Bell Tower (Russian: Колокольня Ивана Великого) is the tallest of the towers in the Moscow Kremlin complex with a total height of 81 metres (266 ft). It was built in 1508 for the Russian Orthodox cathedrals in Cathedral Square namely the Assumption Archangel and Annunciation cathedrals which do not have their own belfries.
 The Cape Verdean Blues is an album by the Horace Silver Quintet led by jazz pianist Horace Silver. The quintet is joined on half of these tracks by trombonist J.J. Johnson with whom Silver had been eager to work for some time. The album was inspired by Silver's father John Tavares Silva who was born in Cape Verde.
 The Kabinakagami River is a river in Cochrane and Algoma Districts in northeastern Ontario Canada. It is part of the James Bay drainage basin and is a right tributary of the Kenogami River.
 Yeşilkaraman is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Ribnik is a village in the municipality of Jagodina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 304 people.
 Alburnus nasreddini is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus that is endemic to Turkey.
 The Hurting is the debut album by the British new wave band Tears for Fears. It was released on 7 March 1983 and peaked at no. 1 on the UK Album Chart. The album was certified Gold by the BPI within three weeks of release and reached Platinum status in January 1985. The album contains Tears For Fears' first three hit singles – Mad World Change and Pale Shelter – all of which reached the Top 5 in the UK.
 The Journal of the Gay and Lesbian Medical Association was a peer-reviewed medical journal devoted to the healthcare needs of the lesbian and gay male bisexual and transgendered populations. The journal published a variety of clinical research review articles and essays. It was the official journal of the Gay and Lesbian Medical Association. Vincent Silenzio served as co-editor in chief. Publication of the journal ceased in 2002.
 Lamartine Griffin Hardman (April 14 1856 – February 18 1937) served two terms as the 65th Governor of the state of Georgia from 1927 to 1931. He believed that state government should be run like a business and was best known for his effort to make governmental processes more efficient.
 Burgruine Karlsberg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Torsken Church (Norwegian: Torsken kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Torsken in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Torsken. The church is part of the Torsken parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built in 1784 to replace a previous church that was located a few blocks to the west. There has been a church in Torsken since around the year 1400. The present church seats about 136 people.
 The Santa Clara River is approximately 83 miles (134 km) long located in southern California in the United States. It drains an area of the coastal mountains north of Los Angeles. The Santa Clara is one of the largest river systems along the coast of Southern California and one of only a few remaining river systems in the region that remain in their natural states and not channelized by concrete. The northern basin of this river was home to most of the Tataviam people.
 Biviere Lake is a lake in the Province of Messina Sicily Italy. At an elevation of 1325 m its surface area is 0.18 km².
 The Austral Entomology (formerly Australian Journal of Entomology) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley on behalf of the Australian Entomological Society. The editor-in-chief is Dr MF Braby.
 Carving out the Eyes of God is the fourth studio album by American Blackened death metal band Goatwhore.
 Beare Sound (variant: Beares Sound) is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Nunavut Canada. It is located in eastern Frobisher Bay off the southern tip of Baffin Island's Blunt Peninsula.Martin Frobisher named the sound after James Beare principal surveyor of the 1577/78 Frobisher expedition.
 Zographus oculator the Orange-eyed Long-horn Beetle is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae.
 Alcheringa: An Australasian Journal of Palaeontology is the official journal of the Association of Australasian Palaeontologists.
 Quick is a defunct Dallas-Fort Worth area free weekly newspaper published from 2003 to 2011. As the name implies it was delivered in a quick-to-read format: a tabloid ranging in page count from 20 to 40. It was available free each week on Thursdays from street teams and courtesy news racks at Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART) rail stations office buildings and other busy locations throughout the Dallas area.
 Davazdeh Emam (Persian: دوازده امام‎ also Romanized as Davāzdeh Emām and Davāzdah Emām) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District Javadabad District Varamin County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 5 families.
 Donal Moynihan (born 2 October 1941) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician who was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork North–West constituency from 1982 to 1989 and from 1992 to 2007.Moynihan was born in Ballymakeera County Cork in 1941. He was educated at Ballyvourney Vocational School and worked as a farmer before entering politics on a full-time basis. He is married to Catherine Twomey with whom he has nine children.
 Alexei Nikolayevich Kosygin (Russian: Алексе́й Никола́евич Косы́гин tr. Aleksej Nikolajevič Kosygin IPA: [ɐlʲɪkˈsʲej nʲɪkɐˈlajɪvʲɪtɕ kɐˈsɨgʲɪn]; 21 February [O.S. 5 March] 1904 – 18 December 1980) was a Soviet-Russian statesman during the Cold War. Kosygin was born in the city of St. Petersburg in 1904 to a Russian working-class family.
 Ingo Wellenreuther is a German politician and the current chairman of Karlsruher SC. He has been a CDU member of the Bundestag since 2002.
 Carl Buell Close Sr. (October 17 1907–December 28 1980) was a Democratic politician from Alexandria Louisiana who served as a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1944 to 1947 when he stepped down to become the mayor of his adopted city of Alexandria a post he held until 1953.
 The Monkey and the Tiger book pairs two unrelated short gong'an detective novels written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). Both stories are fictions based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.The book contains eight illustrations and a map all by the author.
 Pierzchały [pjɛʂˈxawɨ] (German: Pettelkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia within Braniewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Bigger Deal: A Year Inside the Poker Boom is Anthony Holden's followup to his 1990 book Big Deal: A Year as a Professional Poker Player. The book follows Holden's return to professional poker fifteen years after his last adventure ended.
 The Lidice Memorial is located in Phillips Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 There Will Be Violence is the third studio album by Christian extreme metal band Impending Doom and was released worldwide on July 20 2010 via Facedown Records. It is the first with drummer Brandon Trahan formerly of xDeathstarx. Trahan was asked by former bandmate Cory Johnson to join Impending Doom after drummer Isaac Bueno left the band prior to the recording of the album.
 Mucho Mojo Is a mystery/crime novel by American author Joe R. Lansdale. This is the second in Lansdale's Hap and Leonard series of crime novels.
 Eddie and the Cruisers II: Eddie Lives! is the 1989 sequel to the 1983 cult classic Eddie and the Cruisers and despite being a failure at the box office has since joined its predecessor as a cult favorite. It is directed by Jean-Claude Lord and based on literary characters created by author P. F. Kluge. Michael Paré and Matthew Laurance reprise their roles as Eddie Wilson and Sal Amato respectively. The film is marketed with the tagline The legend. The music.
 The Silent Service (沈黙の艦隊 Chinmoku no Kantai) is a manga series by Kaiji Kawaguchi. It was published in Kodansha's Weekly Morning manga magazine from 1988 to 1996 and collected in 32 tankōbon volumes. The series was adapted into an anime TV special and OVA series by Sunrise. The first two episodes of the anime were later spliced together and released in North America as a single volume. The rest of the series remained untranslated.
 The Mystery of a Hansom Cab is a 1925 Australian silent film directed by and starring Arthur Shirley based on the popular novel which had already been filmed in 1911. It is considered a lost film.
 Czaczek [ˈt͡ʂat͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 The Soap Creek School located near Corvallis Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Eddie Murphy Raw (1987) is an American stand-up comedy film directed by Robert Townsend and starring Eddie Murphy. It was Murphy's second feature stand-up video following Eddie Murphy Delirious. The 93-minute show was filmed in New York City's Felt Forum a venue in the Madison Square Garden complex.
 Radzewice [rad͡zɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Mosina and 20 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Elizabeth McCafferty Three-Decker was a historic triple decker house at 45 Canterbury Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was a fine example of a Queen Anne triple decker built in 1894 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. The building has apparently been demolished; the lot is now occupied by an auto shop.
 Long Lake is a lake in the municipality of Kearney in the Almaguin Highlands region of Central Ontario Canada. The lake is located in the part of Kearney located within the territorial district of Nipissing but is however politically located in Parry Sound District. Geographically Kearney spans both districts but politically Kearney is located just in Parry Sound.The lake is about 1 km long and varies in width from about 300 m in the north to no more than 50 m in the south.
 Portrait from Life is a 1948 British drama film directed by Terence Fisher. It stars Mai Zetterling and Robert Beatty.
 Hucisko [xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnobród within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Krasnobród 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Zamość and 86 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 K. J. Alphons Kannanthanam (born 8 August 1953) is an Indian politician hailing from Kottayam District Kerala India. He was the Member of the Legislative Assembly from Kanjirappally in Kottayam District. Prior to joining politics he was an officer of Indian Administrative Service. He joined the BJP in 2011.
 Canto General is Pablo Neruda's tenth book of poems. It was first published in Mexico in 1950 by Talleres Gráficos de la Nación. Neruda began to compose it in 1938.Canto General (General Song) consists of 15 sections 231 poems and more than 15000 lines. This work attempts to be a history or encyclopedia of the entire American Western Hemisphere or New World from a Hispanic American perspective.
 Ball Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island south of Lake Helen MacKenzie on Forbidden Plateau Strathcona Provincial Park.
 Omslag: Martin Kann is the Swedish band bob hund's second full length music album. The album actually has no title but since the words Omslag: Martin Kann (meaning Cover: Martin Kann) can be read on the cover this has become its informal name.
 Fardoulis' Blossom Bat Melonycteris fardoulisi is a species of bat in the Pteropodidae family. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Womb of Dreams is the debut album by electro-disco band Fan Death. It was released on August 6 2010.
 Charley's (Big-Hearted) Aunt is a 1940 British comedy film directed by Walter Forde starring Arthur Askey and Richard Murdoch as Oxford 'scholars'.The film is one of many to be made based on the Victorian farce Charley's Aunt. Arthur Askey's professional nickname was Big-Hearted Arthur which was added to the title to distinguish it from Jack Benny's version for its (limited) American release.
 World War Memorial Library also known as Corning City Club is a historic library building located at Corning in Steuben County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick structure in a combination of the Colonial Revival and Classical Revival styles. Built in 1897 to house the Corning City Club it became home to the library and memorial to Corning natives who lost their lives in World War I following a fire in 1926.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Bogor Palace (Indonesian:Istana Bogor) is one of 6 Presidential Palaces in Indonesia. The palace is noted for its distinctive architectural historical features as well as the adjoining botanical gardens. Istana Bogor was opened to the public in 1968 to public tour groups (not individuals) with the permission of the then President of Indonesia Suharto.
 Priolepis is a genus of gobies with a cosmopolitan distribution.
 Chellagurki is a Village in the Bellary Taluk in the Bellary district District in the state of Karnataka India.
 Freilla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Saints & Sinners is the fifth studio album by English hard rock band Whitesnake released in 1982. It peaked at number 9 on the UK Albums Chart.Two of the tracks Crying in the Rain and Here I Go Again were later re-recorded on their 1987 album Whitesnake.
 Bowen is a small lunar crater that is located to the southwest of the Montes Haemus on the edge of a small lunar mare named the Lacus Doloris. It is distinguished only by having a relatively flat floor rather than being bowl-shaped like most small craters. Bowen was previously designated Manilius A before the formation was named by the IAU. The crater Manilius is located to the south at the opposite shore of the Lacus.
 Post- och Inrikes Tidningar or PoIT (Swedish for Post and Domestic Times) is the government newspaper and gazette of Sweden and the country's official notification medium for announcements like bankruptcy declarations or auctions. The newspaper also carries advertising the largest advertiser being the Swedish Patent and Registration Office.It is the oldest currently published newspaper in the world although as of the 1 January 2007 edition it has switched over to an internet-only format.
 Doris is a sailing yacht yacht which has also been known as Astarte Huntress and Vayu in Deep River Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. She was designed by N.G. Herreshoff who designed five America's Cup defender yachts and who also was the main architect of the America's Cup rule change called the Universal Rule.
 Hermannskoppe is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Alfred Ayer House (also known as the James Eagleton House) is a historic building located on US Alternate 27/441 west of Oklawaha Florida. On July 13 1993 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Januszewo [januˈʂɛvɔ] (German: Januschau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Susz 15 km (9 mi) north of Iława and 68 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 300.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Lumle is a town and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4685 persons living in 955 individual households.
 Angoroj (1964; Esperanto for Agonies) was the first feature film to be produced entirely in Esperanto. It was directed and produced by Jacques-Louis Mahé a friend of Raymond Schwartz who under the pseudonym 'Lorjak' had previously produced a silent Esperanto publicity film before World War II titled Antaŭen! (Onwards!).At the start of the 1960s Mahé a professional photographic and cinematic expert invested in the production of the first fictional film in Esperanto.
 Nowa Rossocha [ˈnɔva rɔsˈsɔxa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Rawa Mazowiecka and 54 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Huta Mińska [ˈxuta ˈmiɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ubajärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Themes From A Rainy Decade is the first solo album released by Richard Bennett after decades of work as a studio musician and producer contributing to thousands of recordings for other artists.In the liner notes to the CD Mark Knopfler writes: For almost ten years now I've felt very lucky having Richard Bennett as a pal and as a member of the band.
 The Diddakoi is a 1972 novel for children by Rumer Godden. It won the 1972 Whitbread Award in the Children's Book category. It is the story of an orphan traveller or Romani girl called Kizzy who faces persecution grief and loss in a hostile close-knit village community. The title is an alternative spelling of the term didicoy.It was dramatised as a television serial Kizzy (1976) which was produced by Dorothea Brooking for the BBC with Vanessa Furst as Kizzy.
 Swarm and Destroy is a documentary chronicling the Moped Army and moped lifestyle. The documentary was filmed at the Decepticon's 2003 Moped BBQ 6 event in Kalamazoo Michigan.Swarm and Destroy contains numerous interviews with Moped Army members interleaved with animations and footage from the ongoing Moped BBQ rally. The documentary is named after the motto of the Moped Army.Tagline: The Greatest Documentary about a Moped Gang Ever Made
 Stress: The Extinction Agenda is the second full-length album by Queens hip hop duo Organized Konfusion released on August 16 1994 on Hollywood BASIC.
 The Inhabited Island (Russian: Обитаемый остров) is a science fiction film directed by Fyodor Bondarchuk. The film was adapted by Marina and Sergey Dyachenko from the 1969 novel by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky of the same Russian name published in English as Prisoners of Power; a part of Noon Universe series. It is a dystopian story set on post-apocalyptic planet Saraksh ruled by totalitarian regime that brainwashes its citizens.
 Fuego is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd recorded in 1959 and released on the Blue Note label in 1960 as BLP 4026 featuring Byrd with Jackie McLean Duke Pearson Doug Watkins and Lex Humphries.
 Darreh Mahini (Persian: دره ماهيني‎ also Romanized as Darreh Māhīnī) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 The Drăgoiu River is a tributary of the Strâmbu River in Romania.
 Euphaedra judith Judith’s Striped Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia and western Ivory Coast. The habitat consists of forests.
 Samad Seyidov Ismayil oglu (Azerbaijani: Səməd Seyidov İsmayıl oğlu; born on January 18 1964) is a professor and an Azerbaijani politician who serves as the Member of National Assembly of Azerbaijan from the 36th Khatai electoral district.
 Ingīshkah (Persian: انگیشکه‎) is a village in Sar-e Pol Province in northern Afghanistan.
 Anna Mercury is a comic book limited series created by Warren Ellis published by Avatar Press with art by Facundo Percio. Issue 1 was released on 2 April 2008. Three issues of a second limited series titled Anna Mercury 2 have thus far been released.
 Wila Pukarani (Aymara wila red or blood pukara pucará (fortress) or mountain of protection -ni Aymara suffix to indicate ownership the one with a red pukara hispanicized spellings Vila Pucarani / Villa Pucarani) is a volcano located in the Coipasa salt pan in the Bolivian Altiplano. It is approximately 4920 m high reaching a prominence of at least 1200 m. It is situated in the Oruro Department Sabaya Province Coipasa Municipality.
 Rudno [ˈrudnɔ] (formerly German Rauden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Tychowo 22 km (14 mi) south-east of Białogard and 115 km (71 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania. The village has a population of 40.
 The Left-Handed Man is a 1913 short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. Prints of the film survive at the film archive of the Museum of Modern Art.
 Guni Kand (Persian: گوني كند‎ also Romanized as Gūnī Kand; also known as Gūnī Kandī and Gūney Kandī) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 225 in 43 families.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Bālā Ḩoseynābād-e ‘Olyā and Husainābād) is a village in Rezvan Rural District Ferdows District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 537 in 139 families.
 Philip W. Johnston (July 21 1944 in Chelsea Massachusetts) is an American businessman politician and former Secretary of Human Services in Massachusetts and Regional Administrator of Health and Human Services for New England.Johnston received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Massachusetts Amherst and a Master of Arts degree from the John F.
 Listen to Me: Buddy Holly is a tribute album to rock ‘n roll pioneer Buddy Holly in celebration of what would have been his 75th birthday in 2011. The album was released by Verve Forecast in the United States on 6 September 2011 (Holly's birthday was 7 September 1936) and by eOne Entertainment on the same date in Canada.
 J. Fred Manning (September 17 1875 – December 6 1955) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the 39th Mayor of Lynn Massachusetts. The Manning Bowl Lynn's football stadium from 1938-2004 was named for Manning. Manning Field Lynn's current football stadium was named for Manning.
 Bruynswick School No. 8 is a former school located on Bruynswick Road (Ulster County Route 7) in the small hamlet of the same name in the northwestern portion of Shawangunk New York United States. It is one of the few remainders of a time when Bruynswick was more populous.The building is on a small lot next to the Shawangunk Valley firehouse on the west side of the road just south of the Gardiner town line. The Shawangunk Ridge dominates the view to the west across mostly open rural land.
 Richard James Frankenburg is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Kvitingskjølen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Moncayo is a 15 km long and about 7 km wide mountain massif giving name to the Tarazona y el Moncayo comarca Aragon Spain. The Moncayo's highest summit San Miguel (2314 m) is the highest point in the 500 km long Sistema Ibérico.The Moncayo is located between the provinces of Zaragoza in Aragon and Soria in Castile and León. The ridge's highest summits are usually covered in snow between October and May every year.
 Sapahi is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7209 persons living in 1275 individual households.
 Z213: Exit is a book by the Greek writer Dimitris Lyacos. The book is the first installment of the Poena Damni trilogy.
 Centauros del pasado is a 1944 Argentine film.
 Kind of Light released in 2003 is the debut album from Los Angeles California pop / rock band The 88. The album includes the songs How Good It Can Be and Hard to Be You which have featured on The O.C.
 Peddamandadi (Telugu: పెద్దమందడి) is a Mandal in Mahbubnagar district Andhra Pradesh.
 The Sălătruc River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
 Gangster's Boy is a 1938 American film directed by William Nigh.
 The Princess Royal Hospital is a teaching hospital located in Apley Castle Telford England.
 The Dakar Grand Mosque (also Grande Mosquée de Dakar) is one of the most important religious buildings in the capital of Senegal. It is situated on Allée Pape Gueye Fall.
 Qaleh Abdol Robababad (Persian: قلعه عبدالرباب اباد‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh ʿAbdol Robābābād) is a village in Zeynabad Rural District Shal District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 17 families.
 The Crucible of Man: Something Wicked Part 2 is the ninth studio album by American heavy metal band Iced Earth. Released in September 2008 it was the first Iced Earth album since 2001's Horror Show to feature singer Matt Barlow. The Crucible of Man is the second concept album based on guitarist-songwriter Jon Schaffer's Something Wicked Saga.
 Steve Michael Gallardo (born October 25 1968) is an American politician from the state of Arizona. A member of the Democratic Party Gallardo serves in the Arizona State Senate representing the 13th district. He previously served in the Arizona House of Representatives from 2003 through 2009.
 Milentija is a village in the municipality of Brus Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 184 people.
 Merlin Edward Fike (born February 5 1925) is an American politician. He was the 24th Lieutenant Governor of Nevada from 1967 to 1971.
 Fazelabad (Persian: فاضل اباد‎ also Romanized as Fāẕelābād and Fazlābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 425 in 72 families.
 A Tree of Night and Other Stories is a short story collection by the American author Truman Capote published in early 1949. The titular short story A Tree of Night was first published by Harper’s Bazaar in October 1945.
 Biskupice [biskuˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 560.
 Mrač is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Garfield's Travel Adventures is a 2005 DVD released February 15 2005 featuring 3 original CBS TV specials based on the popular comic strip Garfield. The DVD featured the three specials based on when Garfield and others go somewhere besides their home: Garfield in the Rough Garfield in Paradise and Garfield Goes Hollywood. The cover art featured Garfield lying down on the Earth in Outer Space and the yellow disc featured Garfield's face with sunglasses on top.
 Amplicincia lathyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Field in 1950. It is found in Jamaica.The species can be distinguished from other Amplicincia species by the three transverse yellow bands on the upperside of the forewing.
 The Brothers Karamazov (Russian: Братья Карамазовы Brat'ya Karamazovy pronounced [ˈbratʲjə kərɐˈmazəvɨ]) is the final novel by the Russian author Fyodor Dostoyevsky. Dostoyevsky spent nearly two years writing The Brothers Karamazov which was published as a serial in The Russian Messenger and completed in November 1880.
 Valashed (Persian: ولاشد‎ also Romanized as Valāshed; also known as Valāshed-e Bālā) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 507 in 141 families.
 The Chelsea Sugar Refinery also known colloquially as Chelsea and the sugar works is a long-established business and landmark in Birkenhead New Zealand located on the northern shore of Auckland's Waitemata Harbour. The refinery was established in 1884 and remains New Zealand's main source of sugar products (for both home use and for the food and beverage industry).
 The 3 ft (914 mm) narrow gauge Mount Beacon Incline Railway was a popular tourist attraction in Beacon New York USA and the neighboring Town of Fishkill. It operated for much of the 20th century providing sweeping views of the Hudson Valley and efforts continue to restore it today.The Otis Elevator Company and Mohawk Construction opened the railway on Memorial Day 1902. Sixty thousand fares were sold in its first year; two decades later that had almost doubled.
 Nassarius caboverdensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 2001: A Space Odyssey is a soundtrack album to the film of the same name released in 1968. The soundtrack is known for its use of many classical and orchestral pieces and credited for giving many classical pieces resurgences in popularity such as Johann Strauss II's 1866 Blue Danube Waltz Richard Strauss' symphonic poem Also sprach Zarathustra (inspired by the writings of Friedrich Nietzsche) and György Ligeti's Atmosphères.
 David John Stewart (born 5 May 1956) is a Scottish politician. Prior to his election in 1997 he had been a leading member of Labour’s Scottish Executive. He is married to Linda Stewart who also stood in the 2007 Scottish elections as Labour Party candidate for the Inverness East Nairn and Lochaber Constituency. She however failed to be elected.
 Flight from Folly is a 1945 British musical comedy film directed by Herbert Mason (in his last directorial credit before moving into production) and starring Patricia Kirkwood and Hugh Sinclair with music from Edmundo Ros and his famous Rumba Band. Kirkwood had appeared in minor roles in four films between 1938 and 1940 before focussing her career on the West End stage where she had become a major star during the war years.
 The Radcliffe Infirmary was a hospital in central Oxford England located at the southern end of Woodstock Road on the western side backing onto Walton Street. The Radcliffe Infirmary named after physician John Radcliffe opened in 1770 and was Oxford's first hospital. It was finally closed in 2007.In 1758 the initial proposals to build a hospital in Oxford were put forward at a meeting of the Radcliffe Trustees who were administering John Radcliffe's estate.
 The Journal of Multivariate Analysis is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers applications and research in the field of multivariate statistical analysis. The journal's scope includes theoretical results as well as applications of new theoretical methods in the field.
 Spirit of Eden is the fourth album by the English band Talk Talk released in 1988. Critical reception on release was mixed and it was not a commercial success; still its reputation has improved over the years and it is now seen by some critics as influential to post-rock a music genre that developed in Britain and North America in the 1990s.
 Kong Oscar Glacier is one of several glaciers that drain the north-western part of the Greenland Ice Sheet into Melville Bay. As part of a comprehensive survey of Greenland’s glaciers that was published in 2006 scientists documented that the mass balance—the sum of gains through snow accumulation and losses through iceberg calving and melting—of Kong Oscar and Greenland’s other north-western glaciers was strongly negative between 1996 and 2005: they lost more ice than they gained.
 Fernando Botero Zea (born 23 August 1956) is a Colombian politician who served in several public positions including as Defense Minister under President Ernesto Samper for whom he was campaign manager in his presidential run. Botero was elected as a member of the Colombian Congress for the Colombian Liberal Party. He is a son of the internationally recognized painter and sculptor Fernando Botero.
 Bråtesletta is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Galileo is a 1974 film version of the Bertolt Brecht play The Life of Galileo. The film was produced and released as part of the American Film Theatre which adapted theatrical works for a subscription-driven cinema series.
 The Marrecas River (Santana River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil. The Maracas were invented by a tribe on this river as a means to scare away animals.
 The Blackthroat (Luscinia obscura) also known as the Black-throated Robin or Black-throated Blue Robin is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It breeds in north-central China but its wintering grounds are uncertain. It has been recorded as a vagrant in northwest Thailand. Its natural habitat is bamboo thickets within coniferous forest at altitudes of 3000–3400 metres.
 Zilla diodia is an orb-weaver spider species found from Europe to Azerbaijan.
 Night Moves is a 1975 mystery film directed by Arthur Penn. It stars Gene Hackman Jennifer Warren Susan Clark and features early career appearances by Melanie Griffith and James Woods.Hackman was nominated for the BAFTA Award for his portrayal of Harry Moseby a private investigator.
 Matthew White Ridley 1st Viscount Ridley PC DL (25 July 1842 – 28 November 1904) known as Sir Matthew White Ridley Bt from 1877 to 1900 was a British Conservative politician and statesman. He notably served as Home Secretary from 1895 to 1900.
 Jeevanadhi (Kannada: ಜೀವನದಿ) is a 1996 Indian Kannada drama film directed by D. Rajendra Babu and produced by P. Dhanraj. The film features Vishnuvardhan Ananth Nag and Kushboo in the lead roles. The film was widely popular for its title song composed by Koti upon release.
 Katrín Jakobsdóttir (pronounced [ˈkʰaːtʰrin ˈjaːkʰɔpstouhtɪr]) (born 1 February 1976) is an Icelandic politician and a member of the Althing (Iceland's parliament) for the Reykjavík North constituency since 2007. She is the leader of the Left-Green Movement and was Iceland's Minister of Education Science and Culture. from 2 February 2009 to 23 May 2013.Katrín graduated from the University of Iceland in 1999 with a degree in Icelandic and French. She received her M.A.
 Janowice [janɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Wierzbinek 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Konin and 109 km (68 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 100.
 Šampanjac (English: Champagne) is an album of Bosnian Serb singer Mile Kitić. It was released in 2005.
 Monte Acero is a mountain of Campania Italy.
 Vexillum monalizae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Pyrausta aerealis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in most of Europe (except Portugal Ireland Great Britain the Benelux Norway the Czech Republic Croatia and Hungary). It has also been recorded from Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Afghanistan China and Algeria.The wingspan is 18–26 mm.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Artemisia vulgaris Thymus serpyllum Scrophularia Gnaphalium Helichrysum and Thalictrum species.
 Leigh Herington is an Ohio Democratic politician and a former member of the Ohio Senate. Herington was a long-serving local attorney and Chairman of the Portage County Democratic Party when appointed to replace Senator Bob Nettle in 1995 who had resigned. Up for election in 1996 Herington easily defended his seat in the primary battle against Barbara Sykes and went on to win the general election.
 Fayetteville National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located on the southern side of the city of Fayetteville in Washington County Arkansas. It encompasses nearly 15 acres and as of November 2013 had 8673 interments.
 Ice (Russian: Лёд Lyod) is a 2002 novel by the Russian writer Vladimir Sorokin. The story is set in a brutal Russia of the near future where a meteor has provided a mysterious cult with a material which can make people's hearts speak. The book is the first written part of Sorokin's Ice Trilogy although the second part in the narrative; it was followed by Bro in 2004 and 23000 in 2006.
 Mazraeh-ye Katirayi (Persian: مزرعه كتيرائي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Katīrāyī) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Dr. Leonard Hall House was a private resident located at 334 West Main Street (M-34) in Hudson in westernmost Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan Historic Site on April 4 1978 and later added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 2 1978.The house was a 1½ story Gothic Revival structure constructed in 1847. The house was constructed by wealthy physician Dr. Leonard Hall who was one of the earliest pioneers in Hudson.
 The Orchid Tit Chliaria othona is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 Dawn of the Arcana (黎明のアルカナ Reimei no Arukana) is a shōjo manga by Rei Toma (藤間麗 Tōma Rei) first serialized in Monthly Cheese! and licensed by Viz Media. This is Rei Toma's first manga to be published in English as well as its original language.
 'Little Death' is the debut album by English indie rock group Pete & The Pirates released on February 17 2008. Recorded and mixed by producer Gareth Parton (The Go! Team Foals The Breeders) at The Fortress Studios London.
 Echinolittorina aspera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Monte Burney is an ice-capped stratovolcano located 200 km northwest of the city of Punta Arenas and south of the Cordillera Sarmiento on the Peninsula Muñoz Gamero in the Chilean Patagonia.The mountain was named Mount Burney in honor of James Burney.
 Chokdaebong is a mountain in South Korea. It sits on the boundary between the county of Gapyeong in Gyeonggi-do and the city of Chuncheon in Gangwon-do. Chokdaebong has an elevation of 1125 m (3691 ft).
 Order of the Black Eagle (aka Black Eagle) is an American pseudo-parody action B movie released in December 1987. The film is a sequel to Unmasking the Idol a 1986 film by the same director (Keeter) story-writer (Eaton) and screenplay writer (Behrens). Leonard Worth Keeter III directed it in Shelby North Carolina at Earl Owensby Studios and the surrounding area. Betty J. Stephens John Alan Stephens PhD and Robert P. Eaton co-produced the film.
 An American Werewolf in Paris is a 1997 comedy-horror film directed by Anthony Waller and starring Tom Everett Scott and Julie Delpy.
 Prague Business Journal or PBJ was an English-language business newspaper published in the Czech Republic from 1996 to December 2003.
 De Heer Kocken is a restaurant in Vught Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2009-present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 13 out of 20 points.Head chef of De Heer Kocken is John Kocken.
 David Tao Self-Titled Album (Chinese: 陶喆 同名專輯) is Taiwanese Mandopop singer-songwriter David Tao's debut Mandarin solo studio album. It was released on 6 December 1997 by Shok Records (Chinese: 俠客唱片).
 Mazraeh-ye Darishak (Persian: مزرعه دريشك‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Darīshak) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Ena montana is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Enidae.
 The Three-Minute Universe is a Star Trek: The Original Series novel written by Barbara Paul.
 Folksamhuset (Swedish for Folksam Building) is a high-rise office building at Skanstull on Södermalm Stockholm and was erected in 1959 as the head office for the insurance company Folksam.
 South of the Clouds is a 2004 Chinese film and the second film directed by the writer Zhu Wen. The film stands in stark contrast to Zhu's previous film. In terms of production South of the Clouds received the cooperation of the state apparatus unlike 2001's Seafood which was an underground production shot on digital hand-held cameras.
 Diarsia subtincta is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Bhairab Nath is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3275 and had 613 houses in the village.
 Ausinza is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Clark County Court House is a Greek Revival courthouse in downtown Winchester Kentucky United States.Built in 1853 it is the fourth building on this site and still houses the Circuit Courtroom and Family Courtroom for the Administrative Office of the Courts. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.It is the centerpiece of the Winchester Downtown Commercial District also NRHP-listed.
 Kadal (English: Sea) is the soundtrack album composed by A. R. Rahman for the 2013 Tamil film of the same name directed by Mani Ratnam that stars Gautham Karthik and Thulasi Nair in the lead roles. Noted poet-lyricist Vairamuthu and his son Madhan Karky penned lyrics for three songs each. Sri Lankan rapper Aaryan Dinesh Kanagaratnam made his debut for Indian cinema with one of the songs. The album was released under Sony Music on December 15 2012.
 Cylichna zealandica is a species of sea snail or bubble snail a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Cylichnidae the chalice bubble snails or canoe bubble snails.
 Haravanj (Persian: هراونج‎ also Romanized as Harāvanj; also known as Kalāteh-ye Harāvanj) is a village in Zibad Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 7 families.
 A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man is the first novel of Irish writer James Joyce. A Künstlerroman in a modernist style it traces the intellectual and religio-philosophical awakening of young Stephen Dedalus a fictional alter ego of Joyce and an allusion to Daedalus the consummate craftsman of Greek mythology. Stephen questions and rebels against the Catholic and Irish conventions under which he has grown and culminates with his self-exile from Ireland in Europe.
 Qaleh Chek (Persian: قلعه چك‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Chek; also known as Qal‘eh Kūchek) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 18 families.
 Rich Cunningham is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives representing District 50 since January 1 2013.
 Deep Bay is a bay off the northwest coast of Lau Fau Shan Hong Kong. It is surrounded to the north by Shenzhen proper and west by the peninsula of Nantau China. It is also known as Hau Hoi Wan (Chinese: 后海灣) in Hong Kong and Shenzhen Bay (Chinese: 深圳湾) in China.
 Bonga Wanga is the fourth studio album of Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota released on July 15 1990. Under the label Kubota released his first single Be Wanabee in October 1990 followed by Mama Udongo in March 1991. The lead single Be Wanabee charted at number 16 on the Oricon Weekly Singles chart. Bonga Wanga became Kubota's first album to peak number one on the Oricon Albums chart. The album also became certified million.
 The Black-Backed Thornbill (Ramphomicron dorsale) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is found only in Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Do Abi-ye Sofla (Persian: دوابي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Do Ābī-ye Soflá; also known as Do Ābī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Miankuh Rural District Chapeshlu District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 157 in 32 families.
 From Hell is a 2001 American horror mystery film directed by the Hughes brothers and loosely based on the graphic novel From Hell by Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell about the Jack the Ripper murders.
 If Democrats Had Any Brains They'd Be Republicans is a book by American conservative columnist Ann Coulter. Published by Crown Publishing Group on October 2 2007 the book is a collection of Coulter's quotes some of which were selected by her fans. Each chapter contains a brief introduction to the subject matter written by Coulter for this book followed by a selection of previously published quotes. Topics included are McCarthyism terrorism and media bias.
 Avan (Persian: اوان‎ also Romanized as Āvān and Ovan; also known as Anwān) is a village in Moallem Kalayeh Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 368 in 128 families. Avan is located on Ovan Lake.
 The San Bernardino Sun is a newspaper in San Bernardino County along with a heavy penetration into neighboring Riverside County. The SB Sun serves most of the Inland Empire in Southern California. The geographic circulation area of the newspaper spans from the border of Los Angeles/Orange Counties to the west east to the Arizona State line north to the Imperial County line and south to the Riverside City line.
 Kivi-Vigala is a village in Vigala Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 The Mithi River (aka Mahim River) is a river in Salsette Island the island of the city of Mumbai. It is a confluence of tail water discharges of Powai and Vihar lakes. The river is seasonal and rises during the monsoons. The overflowing lakes also contribute to the river flow which is stopped by a dam in other times. During this season the river is a favourite with the anglers who catch large fish that have escaped from the lakes. Fishing is banned there.[citation needed]
 The Klutina River (Tl’atii Na’ in Ahtna) is a 63-mile (101 km) tributary of the Copper River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning at Klutina Glacier in the Chugach Mountains the river flows generally northeast passing through Klutina Lake to meet the larger river at the community of Copper Center. The river mouth is 66 miles (106 km) northeast of Valdez.
 Lists of Lights and Buoys is Norwegian group Susanna and the Magical Orchestra's debut released in 2004. It is mostly known for the duo's very personal interpretation of Dolly Parton's Jolene but also contains several tracks written by the band.
 The giant butterfly lizard (Leiolepis guttata) is a rarely seen species of lizard found in parts of Southeast Asia. It is the largest member of Leiolepis.
 Eulima major is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Wyszomierz Wielki [vɨˈʂɔmjɛʂ ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Zambrów and 79 km (49 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Breakup Song is the eleventh studio album by the band Deerhoof. It was released on September 4 2012 on Polyvinyl Records. A music video for the album's title track was released on June 3rd 2013. It was directed by Pieter Dirkx.
 Spark Plug is the second album by soul jazz guitarist Melvin Sparks which was recorded for the Prestige label in 1971.
 Figments of Reality: The Evolution of the Curious Mind (1997) is a book about the evolution of the intelligent and conscious human mind by biologist Jack Cohen and mathematician Ian Stewart.In this book Cohen and Stewart give their ideas on how the sentient human being evolved. Various chapters discuss scientific andphilosophical ideas such as emergence and chaos free will perception versus reality objectivity versus subjectivity self-awareness the ego and id groupthink and extelligence.
 Minodora Cliveti (born 24 October 1955) is a Romanian Social Democratic Party politician. In May 2012 she took her seat in the European Parliament in place of Rovana Plumb who had resigned following her appointment as Environment Minister of Romania.Cliveti graduated from the law faculty of Alexandru Ioan Cuza University in 1978. She practised as a lawyer in Bacău before becoming a diplomat in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1996.
 Georgia Pass elevation 11598 ft (3535 m) is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains of Colorado in the United States.
 Other Hours: Connick On Piano Volume 1 is a Jazz instrumental album by American artist Harry Connick Jr. released in 2003. The album features Connick on piano in the context of a small jazz group. Other Hours is his first quartet album and it is also his first instrumental album in 13 years.The album is the first of his career not released on Columbia the label that signed him to a contract when he was 19.
 Strictly Ballroom is the original soundtrack of the 1992 Golden Globe-nominated film Strictly Ballroom starring Paul Mercurio Tara Morice Barry Otto and Pat Thomson. The original score was composed by David Hirschfelder.The album won the BAFTA Award for Best Original Film Score.
 Besides is the final release from 90's alternative rock band Sugar. As the title suggests it collected the various B-sides from their previously released singles.
 Vardi is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by Umesh Mehra. It stars Dharmendra Sunny Deol Jackie Shroff Kimi Katkar and Madhuri Dixit.
 Dream Dubai Marina is a 101 storey 432 m (1417 ft) supertall skyscraper under construction in Dubai Marina Dubai United Arab Emirates. While originally scheduled for completion in 2012 as of January 2013 it is still under construction and the completion is now expected by the end of 2013 and opening in 2014.The first 32 floors of the skyscraper will have a 5-star hotel while the floors from 34 to 100 will be furnished apartments.
 Masters of Time is a collection of two science fiction novellas by author A. E. van Vogt. It was first published in 1950 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 4034 copies. The novellas originally appeared in the magazine Astounding.
 Gana [ˈɡana] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Praszka within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Praszka 24 km (15 mi) north of Olesno and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Hiding Inside the Horrible Weather is My American Heart's second album released on June 26 2007 by Warcon Records. The album was produced by James Paul Wisner while the artwork was designed by Don Clark of Invisible Creature. The first single from the album is titled The Shake (Awful Feeling).
 The Integral Trees is a 1984 science fiction novel by Larry Niven (first published as a serial in Analog in 1983). Like much of Niven's work the story is heavily influenced by the setting: a gas torus a ring of air around a neutron star. A sequel The Smoke Ring was published in 1987.It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1984 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1985.
 Discordia evulsa is a species of snout moths in the genus Discordia. It was described by Swinhoe in 1885. It is found in India.
 Rhodacarella is a genus of mites in the family Rhodacaridae.
 Tasurehjan (Persian: تاسوره جان‎ also Romanized as Tāsūrehjān; also known as Tāsūleh Jān) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 145 in 36 families.
 Drona 2010 is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Shaji Kailas. Mammotty appears in double role supported by Kanika Navya Nair Manoj K. Jayan Thilakan Jayan Biju Pappan Suraj Venjaramood Bala and K. P. A. C. Lalitha. Scripted by A. K. Sajan the film revolves around a mysterious old mansion believed to be haunted by a ghost. The film was released on January 27 2010. It is dubbed in Hindi as Return Of Chandramukhi.
 Enough Stupidity in Every Wise Man (Russian: На всякого мудреца довольно простоты; translit. Na vsyakogo mudretsa dovolno prostoty) is a five-act comedy by Aleksandr Ostrovsky. The play offers a satirical treatment of bigotry and charts the rise of a double-dealer who manipulates other people's vanities. It is Ostrovsky's best-known comedy in the West.
 Alan Basil de Lastic (24 September 1929 – 20 June 2000) was a prominent Catholic (Latin Rite) clergyman in India who was installed as the fourth Archbishop of Delhi in November 1990.
 John L. Gannon (born in Ross California) is a Democratic Idaho State Representative since 2012 representing District 17 in the A seat.
 Bethany A. Hall-Long (born in Sussex County Delaware) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Delaware Senate since January 13 2009 representing District 10. Hall-Long has served in the Delaware General Assembly continuously since 2003 in the Delaware House of Representatives until 2009.
 Jafarbagi-ye Sofla (Persian: جافربيگي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farbagī-ye Soflá) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 17 families.
 Unbreakable is the third full-length studio album released by Christian rock band Fireflight but second full-length to be released on Flicker Records. The album was released on March 4 2008 on Flicker Records.
 Dr. Ivo Wolfgang Eduard Schricker (18 March 1877 in Strasbourg Alsace-Lorraine – 10 January 1962 in Zürich Switzerland) was a German footballer and the 3rd General Secretary of FIFA serving from 1932 to 1951 upon his resignation.He and his brother Erwin (22 August 1878 – 20 October 1914 killed in action) played at Strassburger FK 1890 Karlsruher Kickers FV Straßburg and while studying in Berlin Akademischer SC 1893 Berlin.
 The Chinese Language: Fact and Fantasy is a book written by John DeFrancis published in 1984 by University of Hawaii Press. The book describes some of the concepts underlying the Chinese language and writing system and gives the author's position on a number of ideas about the language.
 The Siege of Malta is a historical novel by Walter Scott written in 1831–1832 but not published in full until 2008. It tells the story of events surrounding the Great Siege of Malta by the Ottoman Turks in 1565.
 The Plank is a 1967 British slapstick comedy short film made by Associated London Films. It follows the misadventures of two builders who require a floorboard. It was written and directed by Eric Sykes and produced by Jon Penington. The story was based on an episode of Eric Sykes' BBC comedy series Sykes and A...
 Qarah Tappeh (Persian: قره تپه‎) is a village in Razakan Rural District in the Central District of Shahriar County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 61 families.
 Try Anything Once is the first solo album created by Alan Parsons following the split of The Alan Parsons Project.This album features vocals by Ambrosia's David Pack Duran Duran backing singer Jacqui Copland Former Mindbender and 10cc guitarist Eric Stewart and Manfred Mann's Earth Band frontman Chris Thompson.The album takes a different turn from the previously ethereal Project albums and seems to continue the directional development that started with Stereotomy and Gaudi combining rock elements (Back Against The Wall & Breakaway) and mood-oriented beats (Turn It Up & I'm Talking To You) while still retaining certain elements of the classic Project albums that are unique (Mr Time Wine From The Water the instrumentals).
 Aag (originally titled Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag) is a Bollywood action drama film fully created by Ram Gopal Varma. The film was an official remake of the classical success film Sholay (1975). The remake features Amitabh Bachchan Mohanlal Ajay Devgan Prashant Raj Sachdev and Sushmita Sen in lead roles amongst others.
 Het Nieuwe Volk ('The New People') was a Dutch-language newspaper published in Utrecht the Netherlands between June 15 1940 and October 4 1941. Het Nieuwe Volk was the organ of the National Socialist Dutch Workers Party of Ernst Herman van Rappard. It was founded as a continuation of De Nationaal-socialist. The newspaper was initially published fortnightly but became a weekly paper on August 24 1940. Johan Hepp was the editor of Het Nieuwe Volk.
 Disneyremixmania is the first remix album in the Disneymania series. It features fourteen songs from the past three volumes remixed to create dance versions of Disney classics. Additionally there is a fifteenth song the Disneyremixmania Mega Mix contains three Disneymania 3 songs mashed into a medley by DJ Skribble. The album peaked at #146 on the Billboard 200 making it the lowest charting album in the series until Princess Disneymania which peaked at #191 on the Billboard 200.
 Ambo (Quechua: Ampuq) is a town in central Peru capital of the province Ambo in the region Huánuco.Is was the birthplace of Bishop Ricardo Durand Flórez third Bishop of Callao.
 The Enigma of Arrival: A Novel in Five Sections is a 1987 novel by Nobel laureate V. S. Naipaul.Mostly an autobiography the book is composed of four sections which reflect the growing familiarity and changing perceptions of Naipaul upon his arrival in various countries after leaving his native Trinidad and Tobago.Most of the action of the novel takes place in Wiltshire England where Naipaul has rented a cottage in the countryside.
 Sharaku (Japanese: 写楽) is a 1995 Japanese drama film directed by Masahiro Shinoda. It was entered into the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 The North-Western Journal of Zoology is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal on zoology and animal ecology. It is the official journal of the Herpetological Club of Oradea (Romania). It was established in 2005.The journal is indexed and abstracted in the Science Citation Index Expanded The Zoological Record Scopus and EBSCOhost.
 Al Kirs is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Debunking 9/11 Myths: Why Conspiracy Theories Can't Stand Up to the Facts is a non-fiction book published by Hearst Communications Inc. on August 15 2006. The book is based on the article 9/11: Debunking the Myths in the March 2005 issue of Popular Mechanics and is written by David Dunbar and Brad Reagan responding to various 9/11 conspiracy theories. The authors interviewed over 300 sources for the book relying on expert and witness accounts.
 The Christmas Heart is a 2012 Hallmark Channel Christmas film directed by Gary Yates. The movie first released on the Hallmark Channel on December 2 2012 and stars Teri Polo Paul Essiembre and Ty Wood. The film's premise follows a group of neighbors that come together to help provide emotional support for a teenage boy that needs a heart transplant.
 Standards Down is G.a.s. Drummers 4th full length album. It was released on January 18 2006 on Bcore disc. The album was originally going to be produced by John Agnello but the band ended up opting for their previous producer Paco Loco.
 Parsauni Birta is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3004 people living in 483 individual households.
 My Joy (Russian: Счастье моё translit. Schastye moyo; Ukrainian: Щастя моє translit. Shchastya moye) is a 2010 Ukrainian road movie directed by Sergei Loznitsa. It is set in the western regions of Russia somewhere near Smolensk. My Joy was the first Ukrainian film ever to compete for the Palme d'Or.
 Tortured Souls is a novelette written by Clive Barker and included with the Tortured Souls series of collectible figures that he designed with Todd McFarlane in 2001. Each chapter was included separately with the series 1 figures. Clive Barker designed a second series of these figures in 2002 and they were also released by Todd McFarlane.The story was broken into six parts each corresponding to the figure with which it was packaged.
 Tomorrow Stories was an American comic book series created by Alan Moore for his America's Best Comics (ABC) line published by Wildstorm (now a subsidiary of DC Comics).
 Eupithecia jorge is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Chile and/or Peru.
 Imre Dögei (23 June 1912 – 16 January 1964) was a Hungarian Communist politician who served as Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary between 1951 and 1952 and as Minister of Agriculture from 1956 to 1960.He joined to the Hungarian Communist Party (MKP) in 1944.
 The American Statistician is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering statistics published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the American Statistical Association. It was established in 1947 and the editor-in-chief is Ronald Christensen (University of New Mexico).
 York Dominican Friary was a friary in North Yorkshire England.
 Glipodes is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Glipodes bordoni Franciscolo 1990 Glipodes dietrichi Franciscolo 1962 Glipodes sericans (Melsheimer 1845) Glipodes tertia Ray 1936↑
 Odabaşı Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya Antalya Province Turkey.
 Deva (Kannada: ದೇವ) is a 1989 Indian Kannada language romantic action film starring Vishnuvardhan and Rupini in the lead roles. The film is directed by Vijay and written by M. D. Sundar. The film was later remade in Tamil as Dharma Dorai starring Rajinikanth and Gouthami and later in Hindi as Tyagi.
 Ferdinand Francis Fernandez (born May 29 1937) is a United States federal judge.Born in Pasadena California Fernandez received a B.S. from the University of Southern California in 1958 a J.D. from the University of Southern California Law School in 1962 and an LL.M. from Harvard Law School in 1963. He was a law clerk Hon. William M. Byrne of the U.S.
 Paradesi (Tamil: பரதேசி; English: Vagabond) is a 2013 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Bala starring Adharvaa Vedhicka and Dhansika in the lead. The film's music was scored by G. V. Prakash Kumar. The film is based on real life incidents that took place before independence in the 1930s. It released on 15 March 2013. The dubbed version of Telugu was released with the same name. The film opened mostly to positive reviews.
 The Buckskin Mountains of Arizona are a mountain range in west-central Arizona USA. The range lies just east of the north-south Colorado River and borders south of the east-west west-flowing Bill Williams River.The range is part of a three-range sequence of mildly arc-shaped ranges and two intermountain valleys in the Maria fold and thrust belt a region in western Arizona and southeast Southern California with the Colorado River flowing south through the western part of the belt.
 Aknajärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Lein (Kocher) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Leersum (52°1′N 5°26′E) is a town in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is a part of the municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug and lies about 9 km west of Veenendaal.In 2001 the town of Leersum had 6013 inhabitants. The built-up area of the town was 1.44 km² and contained 2465 residences.Until 2006 there was a separate municipality Leersum covering both the village of Leersum and Darthuizen.
 Marteru is a village in Penumantra Mandal West Godavari district Andhra Pradesh India. The village is famous for the rice research center established by the Government of India to conduct research on paddy crops. The center developed many new varieties of rice seeds.A festival called Venkateswara Swami kalyanam is celebrated in Marteru village. It is a celebration among neighbouring villages.
 Domeli is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Sohawa Tehsil.
 Bakans (Latvian: Bakanu ezers or Bakans) is a lake in Madona municipality Latvia. It is located near to Dzelzava village and next to the lake is a smaller village named Jaunbakani.In the 1930s an old lake settlement was found in the lake.
 The Neagu River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Helen O’Loy is a science fiction short story by Lester del Rey originally published in 1938 in Astounding Science Fiction.
 The Hastings & St. Leonards Observer commonly known as just Hastings Observer is an English weekly tabloid newspaper published every Friday since 1859 in Hastings East Sussex.
 Schizochirus insolens is a species of sandburrower native to the coastal waters and bays of eastern Australia from Rockhampton Queensland to Sydney. This species grows to a length of 5.3 centimetres (2.1 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Hoseyniyeh (Persian: حسينيه‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynīyeh) is a village in Asfyj Rural District Asfyj District Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Global Health Promotion is a quarterly peer-reviewed public health journal that covers health promotion and health education. The editor-in-chief is Suzanne Jackson (University of Toronto). It was established in 1994 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of International Union for Health Promotion and Education.
 Dindica hepatica is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Frontier House was home to several Niagara County businessmen and honored guests. It was considered to be a premiere hotel in its day. The house is recognized as a landmark and a structure on the list of National Register of Historic Places listings in Niagara County New York since 1974. The structure served as a hotel private home a fine dining restaurant museum fast food establishment (McDonald's) and several unwelcomed spirits.
 Blade Runner (a movie) is a science fiction novella by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs first published in 1979. The novella began as a story treatment for a proposed film adaptation of Alan E. Nourse's novel The Bladerunner.
 Samuel Bronson Cooper (May 30 1850 - August 21 1918) was a U.S. Representative from Texas and a Member of the Board of General Appraisers.
 Star Trek: Planet of the Titans also known as Star Trek: Planet of Titans was an unproduced film based on Star Trek which reached the script and design phases of production. Following the success of Star Trek: The Original Series in broadcast syndication during the early 1970s and the popularity of the series at science fiction conventions Paramount Studios made several attempts to produce a feature film based upon the series.
 The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare is a novel by G. K. Chesterton first published in 1908. The book is sometimes referred to as a metaphysical thriller.
 Antora Peak elevation 13275 ft (4046 m) is a summit in the Sawatch Range of southern Colorado.
 Ray's Moods is a studio album by Ray Charles released in July 1966.
 Surrender to All Life Beyond Form is the second studio album by Dark Castle.The album was released in CD and vinyl form via Profound Lore Records. A 12 vinyl version was released through Brutal Panda Records limited to 500 copies.In support of this album Dark Castle embarked on a summer tour of North America alongside YOB.
 Steel is a 1997 American superhero action film based on the DC Comics character John Henry Irons who first appeared in 1993 during the Reign of the Supermen! storyline in the Superman comic book titles. The film stars Shaquille O'Neal as Irons and his alter-ego Steel Annabeth Gish as his wheelchair-using partner Susan Sparks and Judd Nelson as their rival Nathaniel Burke. The plot centers on an accident caused by Burke which leaves Sparks paralyzed.
 The Secret Life of Walter Mitty (1947) is a Technicolor comedy film loosely based on the short story of the same name by James Thurber. The film stars Danny Kaye as a young daydreaming proof reader (later associate editor) for a magazine publishing firm and Virginia Mayo as the girl of his dreams. The film was adapted for the screen by Ken Englund Everett Freeman and Philip Rapp and directed by Norman Z. McLeod.
 Ba (Serbian Cyrillic: Ба) is a village in the municipality of Ljig in Central Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 605 people. It lies under the Suvobor mountain.In World War II Ba was a stronghold of Serbian royalist Chetnik movement. Between 25 and 28 January 1944 Chetniks led by Draža Mihajlović held their congress in the village. That was the reason that the village was neglected by post-war Communist authorities.
 Eric Eisnaugle (born February 6 1977) is an American attorney and Republican Party politician who has represented District 44 in the Florida House of Representatives since 2014. He previously represented District 40 from 2009 to 2012.
 The Tartan formerly known as The Carnegie Tartan is the original student newspaper of Carnegie Mellon University. Publishing since 1906 it is one of Carnegie Mellon's largest and oldest student organizations. It currently has over 170 student members who contribute on a weekly basis. It is funded by advertisements and the university's student activities fee.
 Shirin Kand (Persian: شيرين كند‎ also Romanized as Shīrīn Kand) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Bolimów [bɔˈlimuf] is a village in Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the Gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bolimów. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Skierniewice and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of 930.
 Mythago Wood is a fantasy novel written by Robert Holdstock that was published in the United Kingdom in 1984. The conception began as a short story written for the 1979 Milford Writer's Workshop; next a novella of the same name appeared in the September 1981 edition of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction.
 Soltanabad (Persian: سلطان اباد‎ also Romanized as Solţānābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Sultānābād) is a village in Vakilabad Rural District in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2067 in 468 families.
 Daniel Joseph Poling (born October 3 1954 in Parkersburg West Virginia) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 10 since his January 2007 appointment by West Viginia Governor Joe Manchin to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative J. D. Beane.
 Callisthenia lacteata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Amazon region.
 Rosemary Rosie Kane (née McGarvey) (born on 5 June 1961 in Glasgow) is a Scottish Socialist Party politician and former Member of the Scottish Parliament for the Glasgow Region.
 John T. Shaban is an American politician from the state of Connecticut. A member of the Republican Party Shaban serves in the Connecticut House of Representatives representing the 135th district.Shaban is running for the United States House of Representatives to represent Connecticut's 4th congressional district in the 2014 elections challenging incumbent Jim Himes of the Democratic Party.
 In the Court of the Wrestling Let's is the debut studio album by British indie rock band Let's Wrestle. It was released on June 29 2009 through Stolen Recordings.The name of the album appears to be a tribute to highly influential progressive rock band King Crimson's debut album In the Court of the Crimson King which also features the name of the band but with the two words swapped around. The album is to be released in America on Merge Records in March.
 Braubach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 St. Andrew's Parish Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland located in Arbroath Angus Scotland. The church building was constructed in the late 1880s. In 2007 the church underwent extensive refurbishment funded by donations from the congregation and a grant from the Church of Scotland. The current minister is the Rev. Martin Fair. The church houses the 7th Arbroath Boys Brigade and other youth groups.
 Nela Park is the headquarters of GE Lighting and is located in East Cleveland Ohio United States. Today GE Lighting is a part of GE Home & Business Solutions headquartered in Louisville Kentucky. Nela Park serves as the operating headquarters of GE Lighting.The institute was first organized by entrepreneurs Franklin Terry and Burton Tremaine of the National Electric Lamp Company.
 The Girl Is in Trouble is a 2012 thriller film directed by Julius Onah. It stars Columbus Short Mike Starr Wilmer Valderrama and Jesse Spencer. The original motion picture soundtrack has the song for the film titled Solitude. The film premiered at the New York International Latino Film Festival on August 18 2012. The film's release date has not been confirmed but it is predicted that it will be released by the end of 2013.
 Weapons of Choice is the first novel of the Axis of Time alternative history trilogy written by Australian author John Birmingham.
 Eriphus viridis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Monné & Fragoso in 1996.
 Timothy C. Stanceu (born 1951) is a Judge for the United States Court of International Trade.
 Chuvanna Vithukal (English: Red Seedlings) is a 1977 Malayalam socio-political film directed by P. A. Backer and starring Balan K. Nair Kozhikode Shantha Devi Zeenath and Santhakumari.
 Edgewood Manor is located in Clarksburg West Virginia on the east side of US Route 19 and State Route 20 North just one-fourth of a mile off of the West Pike Street Exit off Route 50. The structure was commissioned by Haze Morgan as a residence who named it Edgewood Manor because it was constructed by day labor at the edge of the woods. The manor was designed by architect Steven Warder Ford completed in 1914.
 The Addiction is an unconventional 1995 American vampire film directed by Abel Ferrara starring Lili Taylor Edie Falco Paul Calderón Kathryn Erbe and Christopher Walken. It was written by Ferrara's regular screenwriter Nicholas St John filmed in black-and-white and released simultaneously with Ferrara's period gangster film The Funeral.The film is considered an allegory about drug addiction for some and an allegory of the theological concept of sin by others.
 The Rodger River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Sailor Beware! (1956) is a British comedy directed by Gordon Parry based on the stage play with the same name. It was released as Panic in the Parlor in the United States.It follows the story of a sailor betrothed to be married but wary that home-life may echo that of her parents: a hen-pecked husband and battle-axe mother.It was one of Michael Caine's very first films where he has a small uncredited role as a sailor.
 The Birmingham and Fazeley Canal is a canal of the Birmingham Canal Navigations in the West Midlands of England. Its purpose was to provide a link between the Coventry Canal and Birmingham and thereby connect Birmingham to London via the Oxford Canal.
 Valentine-French House is a historic house at 5105 N. Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It built in 1769 on the 13th lot of Freemen's Purchase by William Valentine for his bride Sybil Winslow. The massive center chimney had six outlets & the fireplace used for cooking is quite large. The house still has Georgian wood paneling & sliding window shutters.
 Redwood Cottage is a historic house located in Lake Geneva Wisconsin. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 A.k.a. Cassius Clay (styled as a.k.a. Cassius Clay) is a 1970 boxing documentary film about the former heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali. Directed by Jimmy Jacobs the film was made during Ali's exile from the sport for refusing to be inducted into the US Army on religious grounds. Narrated by Richard Kiley the film gives an overview of Ali's career to that point.
 Alone is a 1957 studio album by Judy Garland arranged by Gordon Jenkins.
 The Marbled Frogmouth (Podargus ocellatus) is a species of bird in the Podargidae family.It is found in Australia Indonesia Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.There are five subspecies recognised; the nominate ocellatus is found in New Guinea and surrounding islands.
 Bhoothnath (Devanagari: भूतनाथ translation: Lord of Ghosts) is a Bollywood supernatural comedy film directed by Vivek Sharma starring Amitabh Bachchan Shah Rukh Khan Juhi Chawla Aman Siddiqui Priyanshu Chatterjee and Rajpal Yadav in lead roles. The film is an adaptation of the Oscar Wilde short story The Canterville Ghost.
 Symphonic Odysseys: Tribute to Nobuo Uematsu was a symphonic tribute concert held in Cologne Germany on July 9 2011 at the Cologne Philharmonic Hall. The concert exclusively paid homage to the work of Japanese composer Nobuo Uematsu and featured music selected from his works as a video game music composer. Among the games featured were Lost Odyssey Blue Dragon Last Story King's Knight Chrono Trigger Final Fantasy Legend and selected works from the Final Fantasy series.
 Pseudatteria heliocausta is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia. The form baccheutis is found in Costa Rica.
 Ancillista rosadoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Avalancha (Spanish for Avalanche) is the fourth and final studio album released by Spanish rock band Héroes del Silencio in 1995. It's the only album in which guitarist Alan Bogulavsky plays as a full time member of the band. It is to date their last studio recorded album.
 Who Never Lived (Polish: Kto nigdy nie żył...) is a 2006 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Seweryn. It was entered into the 28th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Croc is a 2007 made-for-television natural horror film produced by RHI Entertainment that premiered in Canada on the video-on-demand channel Movie Central On Demand in July 2007. It aired in the United States on the Syfy Channel on November 4 2007. It is the 5th film in the Maneater Series produced under an agreement with Syfy.
 Diphtheroglyphus is a genus of mites in the family Acaridae.
 Don't Play Me Cheap is a 1963 album by Ike & Tina Turner.
 The Lotrioara River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It is starts at the junction of two branches: Valea Ursului and Sterpu
 The Attenbury Emeralds is the third Lord Peter Wimsey detective novel to be written by Jill Paton Walsh. It was published by Hodder & Stoughton in September 2010.The Attenbury Emeralds recounts how Lord Peter begins his hobby of amateur sleuthing in 1921 by becoming involved in the recovery of the Attenbury Emeralds. Lord Peter’s first case is a mystery mentioned by Lord Peter's creator Dorothy L.
 Gangrene is the third album by Mirrorthrone. The song So Frail is featured in the video game Brütal Legend.
 The Miracle of Our Lady of Fatima is a Warner color feature film made in 1952. It was promoted as a fact-based treatment of the events surrounding the apparitions of Our Lady of Fátima in 1917.It stars Susan Whitney as Lucia dos Santos Sammy Ogg as Francisco Marto and Sherry Jackson as Jacinta Marto with Gilbert Roland as a fictional character named Hugo a kindly but agnostic friend of the three children who rediscovered his faith in God through the Solar Miracle of Fatima.
 Kanigówek [kaniˈɡuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Ciechanów and 80 km (50 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Andraca trilochoides is a moth of the Endromidae family. It is found in south-east Asia including India Burma and Vietnam.
 No Mercy No Future (German: Die Berührte) is a 1981 West German drama film directed by Helma Sanders-Brahms.
 Mont Sokbaro is the highest point of Benin with an altitude of 658 metres (2159 ft). It is located on the border between Benin and Togo.
 Anija (German: Hanniecken) is a village in Anija Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 128 (as of 1 January 2010).Anija was first mentioned in 1241 as Hangægus village in the Danish Census Book.
 Kowalewko [kɔvaˈlɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieleszyn within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Mieleszyn 18 km (11 mi) north of Gniezno and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Nubiothis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is not widely accepted.
 Si monvmentvm reqvires circvmspice is a 2004 album by the black metal band Deathspell Omega. The album title is Latin for 'If you seek his monument look around you' from the epitaph of Christopher Wren's tomb at St Paul's Cathedral.Musically it represents a massive departure in sound from the band's previous work both for the increase in recording quality and for the pursuit of far more avant-garde and experimental directions than the band's previous work.
 The Babor Range (Arabic: جبل البابور‎) is a mountain range in Algeria. The highest point of the range is 2004 m high Mount Babor.There is a protected area in the range the Djebel Babor Nature Reserve known for birdwatching and as one of the few relict habitats for the endangered Barbary Macaque Macaca sylvanus.
 Nemesis is the fourteenth studio album by power metal band Stratovarius released on 22 February 2013 through Edel AG. It is the first Stratovarius album to feature new drummer Rolf Pilve who replaced Jörg Michael in 2012. The album was first announced on the band's official website on 24 November 2012 with the track listing being revealed on 5 December 2012. A preview of Unbreakable the album's first single was made available on YouTube and was released on 25 January 2013.
 19972007 (read Nineteen Ninety-Seven Two Thousand Seven) is the first greatest hits album from Japanese electronica/rock duo Boom Boom Satellites released on January 27 2010. The two-disc album compiles the first 10 years of their music with tracks released between 1997 and 2007. A limited edition DVD version was also released containing recordings of live performances and music videos.
 Foulatari is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Karl Vanlouwe (born 22 October 1970 in Nieuwpoort Belgium) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. He was elected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2010.
 Romanzo di un giovane povero is a 1995 Italian drama film directed by Ettore Scola. The film entered the 52nd Venice International Film Festival where Isabella Ferrari was awarded with the Volpi Cup for best supporting actress.
 Killer is the fourth studio album by Alice Cooper released in 1971.Cooper said in the liner notes of Fistful of Alice and In the Studio with Redbeard which spotlighted the Killer and Love it to Death albums that the song Desperado was written about his friend Jim Morrison who died the year this album was released. According to an NPR radio interview with Alice Cooper Desperado was written about Robert Vaughn's character from the movie The Magnificent Seven.
 How It Feels to Be Something On is the third studio album by American alternative rock band Sunny Day Real Estate and the first since their 1997 comeback. It was released September 8 1998.
 Wase Rock is a massive dome shaped rocky inselberg found near Wase town in Wase Local Government Area of Plateau State in central Nigeria. Standing alone in the Wase plains it achieves a remarkable height of about 350 metres (1150 ft) above the surface of the neighbouring surroundings. Available records indicate that this beautiful massive dome shaped rocky inselberg is one out of only five in the world.
 Buckfast Abbey forms part of an active Benedictine monastery at Buckfast near Buckfastleigh Devon England. Buckfast has been home to an abbey since 1018. The first Benedictine abbey was followed by a Savignac (later Cistercian) abbey constructed on the site of the current abbey in 1134. The monastery was surrendered for dissolution in 1539 with the monastic buildings stripped and left as ruins before being finally demolished.
 Lophocampa fasciata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil and on Cuba.
 Pink Sweat is a 2009 American music video directed by Lara Everly written by Lara Everly and Jonny K. The short film was nominated for Best Original Song at the DC Shorts Film Festival won Best Editing in the 2010 Mockfest Awards and was featured on the home page of funny or die. The original music of the video was recorded by Makio Haywood and the vocals were recorded by AlanBernhoft.
 Felimare cantabrica is a species of colourful sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Thirty Years of Maximum R&B Live is a 1994 compilation video of English rock and roll band The Who. The compilation covers the band live from 1965 to 1989 and is edited together with interviews with band members Roger Daltrey John Entwistle and Pete Townshend.
 Hamyard (Persian: هميرد‎) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 8 families.
 Beijing University International Hospital (Chinese: 北大国际医院; pinyin: běidàguójìyīyuàn) is a non-profit hospital affiliated with Beijing University. It is a combination of medicare teaching and research to be in line with the international practices that provides medical services for patients covered by Beijing social medical insurance commercial insurance public medicare and foreign insurances.
 Christopher Olonyokie Ole-Sendeka (born 1 January 1964) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Simanjiro constituency since 2010.
 Limonophila is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Scotopteryx.
 Rockabye is a 1932 American drama film directed by George Cukor. The screenplay by Jane Murfin is based on a play by Lucia Bronder.
 Saad Hassar (Arabic: سعد حصار‎ – born 21 February 1953 Salé) is a Moroccan politician. Between 2007 and 2012 he was Secretary of State for the Interior in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi succeeding Fouad Ali El Himma.Saad Hassar studied at the Mission laïque française of Rabat (Lycée Descartes) and at the École Spéciale des Travaux Publics of Paris.
 Siphonochelus virginiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Journal of Functional Programming is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the design implementation and application of functional programming languages spanning the range from mathematical theory to industrial practice. Topics covered include functional languages and extensions implementation techniques reasoning and proof program transformation and synthesis type systems type theory language-based security memory management parallelism and applications.
 Electra is a play by Rajiva Wijesinha. It was written in 1970 but a radio production in early 1971 was banned because of political sensitivity. The play was finally presented on radio by the Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation in 1985 at which time a public reading was also held at the British Council in Colombo.
 Dear Daddy is a 1976 play written by English playwright Denis Cannan first staged at the Ambassadors Theatre in London's West End.
 The Things They Carried is a collection of short stories by Tim O'Brien about a platoon of American soldiers in the Vietnam War. It was first published by Houghton Mifflin in 1990. Many of the characters are semi-autobiographical sharing similarities with characters from his memoir If I Die in a Combat Zone Box Me Up and Ship Me Home. O'Brien dedicated The Things They Carried to the men of the Alpha Company with whom he fought during the war.
 Lužane is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 942 people.
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Holbav River in Romania.
 The Coll de Balaguer is a mountain pass in Catalonia Spain. It is located at the point where the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range reaches the sea in L'Almadrava within the Vandellòs i l'Hospitalet de l'Infant municipality Baix Camp.Despite its scant altitude this pass has been an important communication line between the Terres de l'Ebre region and the Camp de Tarragona since ancient times.
 Zum Kommunismus! ('For Communism!') was a Volga German communist newspaper. It was the organ of the Volga German regional committee of the Russian Young Communist League. It was published from Marxstadt between 1919 and 1920. D. Schmidt was the editor of Zum Kommunismus!.
 Bicyclus sandace the Dark Vulgar Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Senegal Gambia Guinea Burkina Faso Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria Cameroon Bioko the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Ethiopia western Kenya western Tanzania and Zambia.
 Piz d'Esan is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located in Graubünden Switzerland. It is part of the Swiss National Park.
 Neurogenetics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the field of neurogenetics. It was established in 1997 and is published quarterly by Springer Science+Business Media. The journal publishes review articles original articles short communications and letters to the editors. The editors-in-chief are Ulrich Müller (University of Giessen) Manuel B. Graeber (University of Sydney) and James R. Lupski (Baylor College of Medicine).
 Ruggero John Aldisert (born November 10 1919) is a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.Born in Carnegie Pennsylvania Aldisert graduated as a bachelor of arts from the University of Pittsburgh in 1941. He served during World War II as a Major in the United States Marine Corps from 1942 to 1946 and earned his law degree from the University of Pittsburgh School of Law in 1947.
 Mount Bailey elevation 9089 ft (2770 m) is a summit in the Front Range of central Colorado. The mountain is located 1 mi (1.6 km) northeast of Bailey in Park County.
 The Asian Case Research Journal provides a compilation of original cases on Asian companies and MNCs operating in Asia-Pacific. The journal was founded in 1997. Cases in the journal are decisional or illustrative covering a wide range of business disciplines from Marketing to Management Information Systems.
 Crystal Waters is the third studio album by singer-songwriter Crystal Waters released on June 24 1997 by Mercury Records/Polygram. It includes her third pop crossover hit Say... If You Feel Alright produced by Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. Just a Freak featuring Dennis Rodman was a club hit and while not issued as a single Spin Me feat.
 Parandrita is a genus of beetles in the family Laemophloeidae containing the following species: Parandrita aenea Sharp Parandrita capito Grouvelle Parandrita cephalotes LeConte Parandrita deceptor Sharp Parandrita gracilis Sharp Parandrita konae Sharp Parandrita liturata Sharp Parandrita molokaiae Sharp Parandrita perkinsi Sharp Parandrita permixtus Grouvelle Parandrita stipes Sharp↑
 Akpap or Akpap-Okoyong is a village in the Okoyong area of Cross River State Nigeria and is part of the Odukpani Local Government Area.Akpap was home to the missionary Mary Slessor for some years. Her house was later converted to a rest home and clinic and is now a tourist attraction.
 Irv Gotti Presents: The Murderers is a compilation album released by Def Jam Recordings featuring the labelmates of Irv Gotti's imprint Murder Inc. Records (which included primary members such as Ja Rule Black Child Tah Murdah and Vita). The compilation boasts features from DMX Busta Rhymes (who would later be in conflict with Ja Rule and The Inc.) and Jay-Z. It peaked at #15 on the Billboard 200 and #2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Seitenkyū (聖天宮) (Chinese: Xien Ten Gong or Sheng Tian Gong) is a Taoist temple in Sakado Saitama Japan. It is the largest Taoist temple in Japan.
 Law Culture and the Humanities is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers three times a year in the field of humanities. The journal's editor-in-chief is Austin Sarat (Amherst College). It was established in 2005 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Association for the Study of Law Culture and the Humanities. The journal covers legal history legal theory and jurisprudence law and cultural studies law and literature and legal hermeneutics.
 Islamorada a Village of Islands is an incorporated village in Monroe County Florida United States. It is located on the islands of Tea Table Key Lower Matecumbe Key Upper Matecumbe Key Windley Key and Plantation Key in the Florida Keys.The village was incorporated on November 4 1997. Prior to this date Islamorada was only considered to be on the island of Upper Matecumbe Key.As of the 2010 census the village had a total population of 6119.
 Hoseynabad-e Kachali (Persian: حسين ابادكچلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kachalī and Ḩoseynābād Kachalī; also known as Chāchaliyeh Chāchīlīyeh Ḩasanābād Ḩasanābād Kachalī and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mark L. Zieman (born January 14 1945) was a Republican Iowa State Senator from Iowa. He was formerly part of the leadership of the Iowa Senate. He represented the largely rural 8th district covering Allamakee Winneshiek Chickasaw and Howard counties in the northeastern corner of the state (district map: .*pdf format).
 The Frumosu River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
 Miedna [ˈmjɛdna] (German: Honigbaum) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in Northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
 Alaska Passage is a 1959 Drama directed by Edward Bernds starring Bill Williams and Naura Hayden. Al (Bill Williams) manages the company out of a small town where the trucks make regular runs to Fairbanks.
 You Belong to Me is a film adaptation of the novel written by Mary Higgins Clark. Lesley-Anne Down and Tony DeSantis star in the film. The film is directed by Paolo Barzman.
 Ebrahimabad (Persian: ابراهيم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Azizabad Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 968 in 227 families.
 The Invention of Art: A Cultural History (2003) is an art history book by Dr. Larry Shiner Emeritus Professor of Philosophy History and Visual Arts at the University of Illinois Springfield Shiner spent over a decade to finish the work of this book.
 Eburneana is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).Like several other salticids this genus mimicks ants.
 Essence ordinaire is a studio album from the French rock group Zebda released in 1998.It was their landmark album containing some of their most popular songs in particular Tomber la chemise which catapulted them to fame and earned them a Victoire de la musique award.
 Bakhtabad-e Bala (Persian: بخت ابادبالا‎ also Romanized as Bakhtābād-e Bālā) is a village in Kakhk Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 Lewis Army Museum (originally Fort Lewis Military Museum) is a military museum at Fort Lewis in the state of Washington U.S. It is housed in the historic former Red Shield Inn which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) and can be seen prominently from Interstate 5. It is the only certified U.S. Army museum on the West Coast.Established in 1971 the museum was originally housed in a two-story barracks.
 Namdaebong is a mountain between the city of Wonju and the county of Hoengseong in Gangwon-do South Korea. It has an elevation of 1187 m (3894 ft).
 Sygambritinae is one of two subfamilies of the Goniatitaceae superfamilies. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 Kids on the Slope (坂道のアポロン Sakamichi no Apollon lit. Apollo on the Slope) is a Japanese manga series by Yuki Kodama. An anime television series adaptation of the same name aired in 2012. It is directed by Shinichirō Watanabe at MAPPA and Tezuka Productions with music provided by acclaimed composer Yoko Kanno reuniting the two who previously worked together on Macross Plus and Cowboy Bebop. The anime has been licensed in North America by Sentai Filmworks.
 Central Station (Portuguese: Central do Brasil) is a 1998 Brazilian-French drama film set in Brazil. It tells the story of a young boy's friendship with a jaded middle-aged woman. The film was adapted by Marcos Bernstein and João Emanuel Carneiro from a story by Walter Salles and it was directed by the latter. It features Fernanda Montenegro and Vinícius de Oliveira in the major roles. The film's title in Portuguese Central do Brasil is the name of Rio de Janeiro's main railway station.
 Ostrownica [ɔstrɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Zwoleń and 112 km (70 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Teretia thaumastopsis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Westlake is the first album by British singer and songwriter David Westlake. The record was released in 1987 on Creation Records. Luke Haines describes it as a minor classic.
 Sar Darreh-ye Qobadi (Persian: سردره قبادي‎ also Romanized as Sar Darreh-ye Qobādī; also known as Sardāreh and Sar Darreh) is a village in Gavrud Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 37 families.
 The Diemel is a river in Hesse and North Rhine-Westphalia Germany left tributary of the Weser. Its source is near Willingen in Sauerland. The Diemel flows generally northeast through the towns Marsberg Warburg and Trendelburg. It flows into the Weser in Bad Karlshafen. The total length of the Diemel is 106 km.
 Reedy Creek is a tributary of the Little Kanawha River in western West Virginia in the United States. Via the Little Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 133 square miles (340 km2) in a rural region on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 Seongjesan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1115 metres.
 Euxesta schineri is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
 Ohab Zedek sometimes abbreviated as OZ is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue in Manhattan New York City noted for its lively youthful congregation. Founded in 1873 it moved to it current location on West 95th Street in 1926. The current clergy are: Rabbi Allen Schwartz Senior Rabbi; and Rabbi Avrohom Moshe Farber Cantor.
 Holendry [xɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Świnice Warckie 17 km (11 mi) west of Łęczyca and 47 km (29 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Baby Love is a 1968 British drama film directed by Alastair Reid and starring Ann Lynn Keith Barron Linda Hayden and Diana Dors.
 For the 1980 television adaptation see To Serve Them All My Days (TV series).To Serve Them All My Days is a novel by British author R. F. Delderfield. First published in 1972 the book was adapted for television in 1980. It has been adapted twice by Shaun McKenna first as a stage play at the Royal Theatre Northampton (Royal & Derngate) in 1992 and again as a 5-part series of 45-minute plays for BBC Radio 4 first broadcast in January 2006.
 Our Color Green (The Singles) is an extended play by the American post-hardcore band Glassjaw that was self-released on January 1 2011. The EP compiles five singles that were previously released throughout the later part of 2010. Our Color Green (The Singles) is the first release from Glassjaw since the 2005 B-sides EP El Mark and first release of original material since the 2002 studio album Worship and Tribute. Also the first release as a four piece without Todd Weinstock.
 Toghli Sadat (Persian: طغلي سادات‎ also Romanized as Ţoghlī Sādāt; also known as Toqlī Sādāt) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 245 in 41 families.
 The Aleppo Citadel Museum (Arabic: متحف قلعة حلب‎) is an archaeological museum located in the city of Aleppo Syria within the historic Citadel of Aleppo. It was opened in 1994 in the building of Ibrahim Pasha military barracks of the citadel built in 1834. It occupies an area of 754 m² at the northern part of the citadel. The museum is home to a large number of archaeological remains found in the citadel and belong to ancient civilizations.
 Telvar (Persian: تلوار‎ also Romanized as Telvār) is a village in Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 406 in 85 families.
 Tun Abdullah bin Haji Ahmad Badawi (About this sound pronunciation AHB-doo-lah AH-mahd bah-DAH-wee; Arabic: عبد الله بن حاجّ أحمد بدوي‎ ʿAbdullāh ibn ḥaajj Aḥmad Badawī; born 26 November 1939) is a Malaysian politician who served as Prime Minister from 2003 to 2009. He was also the President of the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) the largest political party in Malaysia and led the governing Barisan Nasional parliamentary coalition.
 Zdziembórz [ˈzd͡ʑembuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Brudzeń Duży 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Płock and 114 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Vano Siradeghyan (Armenian: Վանո Սիրադեղյան also Romanised Siradeghian; born November 13 1946) is an Armenian politician and writer. He served in several high-ranked positions in the 1990s—the Minister of Internal Affairs of Armenia from 1992 to 1996 and the Mayor of Yerevan from 1996 to 1998. After President Levon Ter-Petrosyan's resignation in February 1998 criminal charges were filed against him. Siradeghyan disappeared in April 2000 and since then he is wanted by the Interpol.
 The Valea Întunecoasă River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 Boys Town is a 1938 biographical drama film based on Father Edward J. Flanagan's work with a group of underprivileged and delinquent boys in a home that he founded and named Boys Town. It stars Spencer Tracy as Father Edward J. Flanagan and Mickey Rooney Henry Hull Gene Reynolds Edward Norris and Addison Richards.The film was written by Dore Schary Eleanore Griffin and John Meehan and was directed by Norman Taurog.Legendary MGM Studio head Louis B.
 James Vincent Forrestal (February 15 1892 – May 22 1949) was the last Cabinet-level United States Secretary of the Navy and the first United States Secretary of Defense.Forrestal was a supporter of naval battle groups centered on aircraft carriers. In 1954 the world's first supercarrier was named USS Forrestal in his honor as is the headquarters of the United States Department of Energy.
 The Church of Our Lady of Peace is a historic Roman Catholic parish church of the Archdiocese of New York located at 239-241 East 62nd Street between Second and Third Avenues in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was built in 1886-87 at the cost of $200000 and was designed by Samuel A. Warner in the Victorian Gothic style for the Church Extension Committee of the Presbytery of New York.
 West of Zanzibar is a 1954 British adventure film directed by Harry Watt and starring Anthony Steel Sheila Sim and Edric Connor.It is a sequel to Where No Vultures Fly (1951) from the same director and producer and continues the adventures of game warden Bob Payton played again by Anthony Steel.
 The Zanzibar barb (Barbus zanzibaricus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Kenya and Malawi.Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater lakes. It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
 Rangrezz is a Hindi film directed by Priyadarshan starring Jackky Bhagnani Priya Anand Rajpal Yadav and Amitosh Nagpal in the lead roles. The story is adapted from the Tamil film Naadodigal which has already been remade in Telugu Malayalam Kannada and Bengali. The film is produced by Vashu Bhagnani and released on 21 March 2013.
 Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons (Chinese: 西遊·降魔篇) is a 2013 action-comedy film directed by Stephen Chow and Derek Kok (Derek Kwok Chi-Kin). The movie was first announced in July 2011 and was released on February 10 2013 in China. The film is a loose comedic re-interpretation of the novel Journey to the West a Chinese literary classic written by Wu Cheng'en.
 The Parthenon (Greek: Παρθενών) is a temple on the Athenian Acropolis Greece dedicated to the goddess Athena whom the people of Athens considered their patron. Its construction began in 447 BC when the Athenian Empire was at the height of its power. It was completed in 438 BC although decoration of the building continued until 432 BC. It is the most important surviving building of Classical Greece generally considered the culmination of the development of the Doric order.
 Mazha (Malayalam: മഴ English: The Rain) is a 2000 Malayalam film directed by Lenin Rajendran starring Biju Menon Samyuktha Varma and Lal. The film is based on the novel Nashtappetta Neelambari by Malayalam novelist Madhavikkutty.
 Foundations of Physics is a monthly journal devoted to the conceptual bases and fundamental theories of modern physics and cosmology emphasizing the logical methodological and philosophical premises of modern physical theories and procedures.
 The Eye of Every Storm is the eighth studio album from the Californian band Neurosis. While still carrying the folk influenced sound that was used extensively on A Sun that Never Sets this album sees the band returning to the massive and dark guitar textures and sludge metal passages that were prevalent on Through Silver in Blood but employing a more sparse clear style of songwriting.
 The Journal of Corporation Law (J. Corp. L. or JCL) at the University of Iowa College of Law is the nation's oldest student-published periodical specializing in corporate law. It published its first issue in 1975. Its current adviser is Robert T. Miller who joined the College of Law faculty in August 2012. The journal is routinely cited by scholars practitioners and courts including the United States Supreme Court.
 Serra d'Or (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈsɛrə ˈðɔr]) is a Catalan magazine that appeared in October 1959. It was promoted by a group of university students and was published by the Montserrat abbey press with a monthly circulation of 8.000 copies.
 Poetenes Evangelium (released in 1993 on the label Kirkelig Kulturverksted FXCD 131) is an album by Norwegian singer Morten Harket. It is his first solo album.
 The Escape was a 1914 American silent drama film written and directed by D. W. Griffith and starred Donald Crisp. The film is based on the play of the same name by Paul Armstrong who also wrote the screenplay. It is now considered lost.
 Dr. Christopher S. Best House and Office is a historic home located at Middleburgh in Schoharie County New York. It is a two story flat roofed frame Italianate dwelling built in 1884. It was enlarged and modified with a series of renovations between 1890 and 1912. It now houses a medical history museum. Also on the property are a frame carriage barn and garage.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Skałka [ˈskau̯ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piekoszów within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Piekoszów and 17 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 240.
 La fête des masques is a book by Togolese author Sami Tchak. It won the Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire in 2004.
 Laos knobby newt Tylototriton notialis is a species of newt in the Salamandridae family. It is only known from its type locality in the Nakai-Nam Theun Biodiversity Conservation Area Khammouane Province central Laos. The type locality is an evergreen mixed deciduous–pine forest; the newts were found in and near a small stream. It is likely that Laos knobby newt will also be found in adjacent areas of Vietnam.
 Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang is a novel by Joyce Carol Oates about a group of teenage girls in upstate New York in the 1950s who form a gang called Foxfire.
 The Mistake River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from the Hall Range to the northwest of Lake Tekapo turning east at the southern end of the range to flow into the western edge of the lake.
 All for a Girl is a 1916 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Kanaf Gurab (Persian: كنفگوراب‎ also Romanized as Kanaf Gūrāb Kanaf Goorab and Kanefgurāb) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 41 families.
 Basuki Rahmat (4 November 1921 – 8 January 1969) was an Indonesian General and a witness to the signing of the Supersemar document transferring power from President Sukarno to General Suharto.
 The Don Juans (Czech: Donšajni also known as Skirt Chasers) is a 2013 Czech comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel. The film was selected as the Czech entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated. Originally Agnieszka Holland's mini-series Burning Bush had been selected to represent the Czech Republic. However AMPAS disqualified the film citing regulations that the film must not have initially appeared on television.
 London is the debut studio album by British punk rock band Apologies I Have None released on 19 March 2012. The CD was self-released and the vinyl by Household Name Records. The album's artwork was done by friend of the band Emma Smith.
 Forget-me-not Lakes are located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Situated 1 mile (1.6 km) west of Rimrock Lake and Prospectors Mountain Forget-me-not Lakes consist of several small bodies of water the largest 150 yd (140 m) long and 180 yd (160 m) wide.
 Lakhon Mein Ek is a 1971 Bollywood comedy film directed by S.S. Balan. The film stars Aruna Irani and Mehmood.This film was based on a very sensitive topic of Hindu-Muslim love story. Superb screenplay direction cinematography scenes and excellent performance by every actor. The film was a remake of Tamil film Ethir Neechal.
 The Dead Space 2 Original Videogame Score is an official soundtrack album to the 2011 survival horror video game Dead Space 2. Released on January 25 2011 by Electronic Arts the album includes 14 tracks from the game composed by Jason Graves. A second album entitled Dead Space 2 Collector's Edition Original Soundtrack was also released with a further 18 compositions from Dead Space 2.
 Brick Mansions is a 2014 French-Canadian action thriller film directed by Camille Delamarre and written by Luc Besson Robert Mark Kamen and Bibi Naceri. It is a remake of the 2004 French film District 13. This is one of Paul Walker's final film roles before his death on November 30 2013. The film was released on April 25 2014.
 Ebenezer Watts House is a historic home located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was built between 1825 and 1827 and remodelled in the 1850s. It is a two story brick structure with a hipped roof and cupola in the Italianate style. It features a Federal style entrance and interior. It is the oldest surviving residence in downtown Rochester.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Găunoșița River is a tributary of the Găunoasa River in Romania.
 Harry Robert Bob Morton (born May 19 1934) is a former American politician of the Republican Party. He is a former member of the Washington State Senate and House of Representatives representing the 7th Legislative District.Morton was a leader of the State of Lincoln secession movement wherein the Eastern Washington and Panhandle of Idaho would become a 51st state.
 Le déluge is an early fictional work about trouble and fear in major Western cities by Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.
 Misia Remix 1999 is the first remix album by Japanese R&B singer Misia released June 9 1999. It was released in cassette and vinyl formats only. Misia Remix 1999 debuted at #36 on the weekly Oricon chart selling 8770 copies in its first week.
 Grow into One is the second studio album released by Japanese pop singer Koda Kumi released on March 2003. This album contains one of her best-selling singles Real Emotion/1000 no Kotoba. Combined with the singles the album sold over half a million copies in Japan.
 Through Thick and Thin is the second full length album by San Diego punk band Dogwood.
 Malcolm X is a 1992 American biographical drama film about the African-American activist Malcolm X. Directed and co-written by Spike Lee the film stars Denzel Washington Angela Bassett Albert Hall Al Freeman Jr. and Delroy Lindo. Lee has a supporting role as Shorty a character based partially on real-life acquaintance Malcolm Shorty Jarvis a fellow criminal and jazz trumpeter. Black Panther Party co-founder Bobby Seale the Rev.
 The Okeechobee High School (1925) is an historic redbrick school building located at 610 SW 2nd Avenue in Okeechobee Florida. Designed by architects William Hatcher and Lawrence Funke it was built in 1925 by Rogers and Duncanson. In 1989 it was listed in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture published by the University of Florida Press.The new Okeechobee High School is now located at 2800 Highway 441 North and the 1925 building is the Okeechobee Freshman Campus.
 Kakkothikkavile Appooppan Thaadikal (Malayalam: കാക്കോത്തിക്കാവിലെ അപ്പൂപ്പൻ താടികൾ) is a 1988 Malayalam film directed by Kamal. The film is heroine-oriented in which Revathi and Ambika play the lead roles.
 The Église Saint-Jean-Baptiste du Faubourg is a Roman Catholic church in Aix-en-Provence.
 Storsnasen is a mountain peak in the Snasahögarna mountain range of Jämtland County western Sweden. The peak is 1463 metres (4800 ft) above sea level. Panoramic views of Lake Ånnsjön which lies to the northeast can be seen from the summit. The Storulvåns mountain station is to the south.
 Fighting to Live is a 1934 American film directed by Edward F. Cline.
 19 Naughty III is the third album from Naughty by Nature released on February 23 1993 through Tommy Boy Records. Three single were released from the album the group's second top 10 hit Hip Hop Hooray as well as the minor hits It's On and Written on Ya Kitten.
 Łeszczyn [ˈwɛʂt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Złoczew 23 km (14 mi) south of Sieradz and 69 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Puliyannoor is a village in Kottayam district in the state of Kerala India.
 The Living and the Dead is a 2006 British drama film written and directed by Simon Rumley starring Leo Bill Kate Fahy and Roger Lloyd Pack.
 The extinct Wake Island Rail (Gallirallus wakensis) was a flightless rail and the only native land bird on the Pacific atoll of Wake. It was found on the islands of Wake and Wilkes but not on Peale which is separated from the others by a channel of about 100 meters.
 The Dornoch Firth (Scottish Gaelic: Caolas Dhòrnaich pronounced [kɯːl̪ˠəs̪ ɣɔːrˠn̪ˠɪç]) is a firth on the east coast of Highland in northern Scotland. It forms part of the boundary between Ross and Cromarty to the south and Sutherland to the north.Together with Loch Fleet it is a designated as a Special Protection Area (SPA) for wildlife conservation purposes.
 The Hidișel River is a tributary of the Holod River in Romania.
 The Caraíba de Fora River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Angel and Apostle is a novel written by Deborah Noyes and published in 2005. It is often viewed as a sequel to The Scarlet Letter a novel by American author Nathaniel Hawthorne but it is more like a companion due to the overlap of events between the novels.
 Afra Sara (Persian: افراسرا‎ also Romanized as Afrā Sarā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Shomali Rural District Sorkhrud District Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 292 in 80 families.
 Ajnabee (Hindi: अजनबी; English: Stranger) is a 1974 Bollywood film produced by Girija Samanta and directed by Shakti Samanta. The film stars Rajesh Khanna and Zeenat Aman in the lead supported by Prem Chopra Asrani Madan Puri Yogeeta Bali and Asit Sen. The film's music is by R.D. Burman.
 Rarities is a compilation album by The Stranglers. It was released by EMI who had acquired the back catalogue of the Stranglers' former record labels United Artists and Liberty. Celia and the Mutations are The Stranglers backing Celia Gollin.
 Bai Bureh (February 15 1840 – August 24 1908) was a Sierra Leonean ruler and military strategist who led the Temne and Loko uprising against British rule in 1898 in Northern Sierra Leone.
 Every Tuesday Sometimes Sunday is the name of the 1999 album by Australian singer/songwriter Bernie Hayes. Three of the tracks from the album were released as singles including Mission in Life Matchbox Cars and Marbles and Your Boyfriend's Back in Town with Mission in Life receiving wide airplay on Triple J.The Whitlams recorded a version of You Made Me Hard on their double platinum album Love This City in 1999. It was released as the third single in 2001.
 Charles A. Lindbergh State Park is a 569 acre (2.3 km²) Minnesota state park on the outskirts of Little Falls. The park was once the farm of Congressman Charles August Lindbergh and his son Charles Lindbergh the famous aviator. Their restored 1906 house and two other farm buildings are within the park boundaries. The house a National Historic Landmark and an adjacent museum are operated by the Minnesota Historical Society.
 Back to the Blues is a 2001 album by blues-rock guitarist and vocalist Gary Moore.
 Untraceable is a 2008 American thriller film starring Diane Lane Colin Hanks Billy Burke and Joseph Cross. It was directed by Gregory Hoblit and distributed by Screen Gems.Set in Portland Oregon the film involves a serial killer who rigs contraptions that kill his victims based on the number of hits received by a website KillWithMe.com that features a live streaming video of the victim. Millions of people log on hastening the victims' deaths.The film received negative reviews from critics.
 Nobody's Perfekt [sic] is a 1981 comedy film adapted from Tony Kenrick's novel Two for the Price of One; Kenrick wrote the screenplay for this film.
 Teddy Bear Duke & Psycho is the fifth album by the English synthpop group Heaven 17 released in 1988 by Virgin Records.
 Johanna Wanka (born 1 April 1951) (née Johanna Müller) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and since 14 February 2013 the Federal Minister for Education and Research. From 2000 to 2009 she served as Minister for Science Research and Culture of the state of Brandenburg then from 2010 to 2013 she served as Minister of Science and Culture of the state of Lower Saxony in the Cabinet McAllister.
 The Oyapock or Oiapoque River (/ˈɔɪəpɒk/ or /ɔɪəˈpoʊkiː/; French: Fleuve Oyapock [flœv wɑjapɔk]; Portuguese: Rio Oiapoque [ɔjɐˈpɔki]) is a 370-km (230-mi)–long river in South America that forms most of the border between French Guiana and the Brazilian state of Amapá. It rises in the Tumuk Humak (Portuguese: Tumucumaque) mountain range and flows into the Atlantic Ocean where its estuary forms a large bay bordering on Cape Orange.
 All the Pretty Horses is a 2000 American romance western film directed by Billy Bob Thornton and based on the novel of the same title by author Cormac McCarthy. It stars Matt Damon as John Grady Cole the main character and Penélope Cruz as Alejandra Villarreal the central character. The film received mostly negative reviews and grossed only $18 million worldwide.
 The Pretender is the fourth album by American singer/songwriter Jackson Browne released in 1976 (see 1976 in music). It peaked at #5 on Billboard's album chart. The singles from the album were Here Come Those Tears Again which reached number 23 and The Pretender which peaked at number 58. It was ranked number 391 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
 A Guide to Middle-earth was the first published encyclopedic reference book for the fictional universe of J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth compiled and edited by Robert Foster. The book was published in 1971 by Mirage Press a specialist science fiction and fantasy publisher in a limited edition of 2000 copies (750 numbered hardcovers and 1250 unnumbered paperbacks).
 Alderman Charles Pakenham Buchanan (9 November 1874 - 22 September 1924) was Mayor of Brisbane Queensland Australia from 1909 for 2 terms.Charles Pakenham Buchanan was born in Brisbane Queensland Australia on 9 November 1874 to John Alfred Buchanan (born Enniskillen Fermanagh Ireland 1843 - Brisbane 1886) and Jessie Jane Fraser (born Brisbane 14 December 1849 - Brisbane 1944).He was educated at St. Joseph's College Gregory Terrace in Brisbane.
 The Golden Hare With A Voice Of Silver a double CD by Coil compiles two Russian compilation albums. Disc One is Пособие для начинающих: Глас Сéребра and Disc Two is Пособие для кончающих: Волос Злата.The catalogue number for this release is Eskaton 29.
 John Hus is a 1977 American film biography of the 14th-century Czech church reformer Jan Hus directed by Michael Oconomou. The film was produced by Faith For Today Ministries the creators of a Christian TV program of the same name.The film featured Rod Colbin in the title role.
 Waiau River is the largest river in the Southland Region of New Zealand. It is the outflow of Lake Te Anau flowing from it into Lake Manapouri 10 kilometres to the south and from there flows south for 70 kilometres before reaching the Foveaux Strait eight kilometres south of Tuatapere.
 Thubana xanthoteles is a species of moth of the Lecithoceridae family. It is found in Yunnan in China Thailand India and Sri Lanka.
 Catharina Isabella Ien Dales (October 18 1931 – January 10 1994) was a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA).
 Graphiuricthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 The Small Wood-nymph or Dark Wood-nymph (Cercyonis oetus) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Western North America.The wingspan is 32–45 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August in one generation.The larvae feed on various grasses.
 Hyperolius major is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo Zambia and possibly Angola.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests moist savanna rivers and swamps.
 The Wind from Nowhere first published in 1961 is the debut novel by English author J.G. Ballard.
 Hana to Ryū (華と龍) is a yaoi manga series created by Kazuma Kodaka in 1993. Designed as a doujinshi Hana to Ryū follows Ryūji Kazama the son of a dead yakuza boss as he struggles to maintain a peaceful existence while dealing with harmful forces all around him. Hana to Ryū takes place in the universe of another Kodaka series Kizuna taking place 10–15 years before Kizuna.
 The Seventh Seal is the third solo studio album by American rapper Rakim. It was released November 17 2009 after several delays on Rakim's own Ra Records TVM and SMC Recordings and distributed through Fontana and Universal Music Group. Considered a comeback album after a ten-year gap between releases the album features the singles Holy Are You which was released on July 14 2009 and Walk These Streets which was released on October 7 2009.
 The Villa Müller (Czech: Müllerova vila German: Haus Müller) is an architectural structure designed in 1930 by architect Adolf Loos born in Brno Austria-Hungary (later Czechoslovalia). The villa is located in Prague Czech Republic. The house was designed originally for Mr. František Müller and his wife Milada Müllerová.
 Ngarrabullgan (also Njrrabulgan Nurrabullgan or Ngarrabullgin) officially named Mount Mulligan by the State is a large tabletop mountain (18 km by 6.5 km) located 100 kilometres west of Cairns in the north of Queensland (Australia).The tabletop mountain is a monolith bounded by high cliffs (or escarpments) that fall 200 to 400 m to the surrounding Hodgkinson Basin making it an impressive natural monument which is regarded by the local Djungan Aboriginal peoples to be a sacred 'Dreaming' place (see Dreamtime) and features in the mythological legends and beliefs of other Aboriginal groups for hundreds of kilometres around.On the tabletop itself are found the two oldest-known Aboriginal sites in Queensland: Nonda Rock and Ngarrabullgan Cave. 
 Segmentina is a genus of very small air-breathing freshwater snails aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Planorbidae the ramshorn snails.Albrecht et al. (2007) have confirmed the placement of this genus in the tribe Segmentinini within subfamily Planorbinae.
 Fadogia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. The genera Rytigynia and Fadogia form a strongly supported clade but neither of these genera is monophyletic.
 Eois nucula is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Panama.
 A Long Way to Shiloh (known in the USA as The Menorah Men so as not to be thought a Civil War novel) is a thriller by Lionel Davidson. The book won the Crime Writers' Association's Gold Dagger Award.
 Return of the Reaper is the upcoming seventeenth album from German heavy metal band Grave Digger which is scheduled to be released on 11 July 2014 via Napalm Records.
 The Graveyard Game is the fourth installment in the series of science fiction time travel novels by Kage Baker concerning the exploits of The Company.
 Parker Watkins (Wat) Hardin (June 3 1841 – July 25 1920) was a politician from the U.S. state of Kentucky. From 1879 to 1888 he served as Attorney General of Kentucky. He was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Kentucky in 1891 1895 and 1899.
 Szyk [ʂɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jodłownik within Limanowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Jodłownik 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Limanowa and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Deberah Kula is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 52nd legislative district. She was elected in 2006.Prior to her legislative career Kula served as Magisterial District Judge in North Union Township Pennsylvania. She also served as Court Administrator for the Fayette County Court of Common Pleas.
 They Can't Take These Away From Me is a 1976 studio album by Fred Astaire.This was Astaire's last solo studio album and the second of the three albums he recorded for Ken Barnes and United Artists Records.
 The Uvac (Serbian Bosnian: Uvac Увац) is an international transboundary river rising under Golija mountain and Pešter plateau then flowing through southwestern Serbia and cross into eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina (Republika Srpska) where after 119 km finally meets the Lim river from the right however before it empties into the Lim for a 10 kilometers Uvac forms the border between two countries.
 The British Museum Quarterly was a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the British Museum. It described recent acquisitions and research concerning the museum's collections and was published from 1926 to 1973. It is available electronically from JSTOR.
 Alopecosa strandi is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Romania and Ukraine.
 The Mahoosuc Range a northern extension of the White Mountains straddles the border between New Hampshire and Maine. The range's highest peak 4180-foot Old Speck Mountain is the fourth-highest peak in Maine. Substantial parts of the range are publicly owned as parts of the National Park Service Appalachian Trail corridor and Grafton Notch State Park in Maine.The Appalachian Trail traverses the main ridge of the Mahoosucs between Shelburne New Hampshire and Grafton Notch in Maine.
 Haliotis jacnensis common name : the Jacna abalone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae the abalones.There is one subspecies: Haliotis jacnensis kershawi Owen 2012
 Mixed Flats is a 1915 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Cameron Range is a small low mountain range in northernwestern British Columbia Canada located on the north side of Port Chanal on the western side of Graham Island of the Queen Charlotte Islands. It has an area of 41 km2 and is a subrange of the Queen Charlotte Mountains which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Vaareva is a 2011 Indian Telugu language romance film written and directed by Kalyan Mantena . It stars Goutham the son of famous comedienne Brahmanandam making a re-entry and newcomer Shambhavi in the lead roles. Ashish Vidyarthi plays an important role. The music is composed by Mahesh Shankar. The film release 29 January 2011. RKD Studios owns the film in Hindi & all other Northern Indian languages.
 The Glenwood-Brooklyn Historic District is a neighborhood near downtown Raleigh North Carolina. The 200-acre (0.81 km2) district encompasses 88 buildings that were constructed in the early to mid 20th century. The boundaries of Glenwood-Brooklyn are West Peace Street (to the south) St. Mary's Street (to the west) Wills Forest Street (to the north) and Glenwood Avenue (to the east). In 2002 the district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Pajaral Lake (Laguna Pajaral) is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 200 m its surface area is 9.3 km².
 Thank Evans is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Roy William Neill and starring Max Miller. The film is sequel to Educated Evans (1936) with Miller Hal Walters and Albert Whelan all returning to reprise their roles as the hapless horse racing tipster Evans his pal Nobby and the bungling Sergeant Challoner. The outline of the plot concerns Evans being once again down on his luck and at the racecourse meeting a friendly and sympathetic Lord who helps him out.
 Conceive Magazine is a health and lifestyle publication that provides information about women's health and fertility about various methods of conception (natural alternative assisted and high-tech) and about adoption. Conceive offers information and support to women interested in starting or expanding their families. The content also includes articles on nutrition exercise emotional wellbeing sex and relationship issues. The magazine also covers early (first trimester) pregnancy.
 Bohdan Horyn (Ukrainian: Богдан Миколайович Горинь; born (1936-02-10)10 February 1936 in Kniselo Lviv Voivodeship) is an Ukrainian human rights activist and dissident. He was a People's Deputy of the first and second convocations of the Verkhovna Rada from May 15 1990 to May 12 1998.His older brother is Mykhailo Horyn (1930-2013) also was a Ukrainian human rights activist and Soviet dissident.
 The Lawyer is a weekly British magazine for top Commercial Lawyers and In-House Counsel first published in 1981. It is owned by Centaur Media plc. Each year the magazine publishes a list of Europe's top 100 law firms (excluding the United Kingdom).
 The Piscanu River is a tributary of the Iezerul Mare River in Romania.
 Kevin G. Lynch PC OC (born January 1951) is a Canadian economist and former Clerk of the Privy Council and Secretary to the Cabinet Canada's most senior civil servant.Born in Sydney Nova Scotia he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Mount Allison University a Master of Economics degree from the University of Manchester and a Ph.D. in Economics from McMaster University in 1980.
 Unite is the twenty-first studio album by the band Kool and the Gang released in 1992 following a four-year gap between albums. It marked the return of Khalis Bayyan to the group after his absence on Sweat.
 Talu Sar Mahalleh (Persian: تلوسرمحله‎ also Romanized as Talū Sar Maḩalleh; also known as Talosarmaḩalleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District in the Central District of Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 56 families.
 Acleris bergmanniana the Yellow Rose Button Moth is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from most of Europe to the eastern Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 12–15 mm. The forewings are marked with metallic blue-grey striations edged with rufous. There are also two small raised tufts of black scales. Adults are on wing from June to July.The larvae feed on the leaves and shoots of rose Rosa species (Rosa canina) as well as Rhamnus catharctica.
 Mélodie Française is a compilation album of iconic french pop songs covered by Australian musicians.
 Oedothelphusa is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae containing the single species Oedothelphusa orientalis. It is known from a single site at an altitude of 1210 metres (3970 ft) in Monagas state Venezuela.
 The Ivan River is a tributary of the Nireş River in Romania.
 First They Killed My Father: A Daughter of Cambodia Remembers is a 2000 nonfiction book written by Loung Ung a Cambodian author and survivor of the Pol Pot regime. It is a personal account of her experiences during the Khmer Rouge years.
 Full Moon is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published in the United States by Doubleday & Company on 22 May 1947 and in the United Kingdom by Herbert Jenkins on 17 October 1947. It is the sixth full-length novel to be set at the beautiful but trouble-ridden Blandings Castle home of Lord Emsworth.
 The Valea cu Arini River is a tributary of the Runcu River in Romania.
 The Oman Medical Journal is a bimonthly open access peer-reviewed medical journal. It was established in 1984 and published by the Oman Medical Specialty Board.
 The Queen of Air and Darkness is a novel by English writer T. H. White. It is the second book in his epic work The Once and Future King. It continues the story of the newly crowned King Arthur his tutelage by the wise Merlyn his war against King Lot and also introduces the Orkney clan a group of characters who would cause the eventual downfall of the king. The original second book in the series was The Witch in the Wood published in 1939.
 Lateralus (/lætəˈrælɪs/) is the third full-length studio album by American rock band Tool. It was released on May 15 2001 through Volcano Entertainment. The album was recorded at Cello Studios in Hollywood and The Hook Big Empty Space and The Lodge in North Hollywood between October 2000 and January 2001. David Bottrill who had produced the band's two previous releases Ænima and Salival produced the album along with the band.
 The Valea Strâmbă River or Strâmba River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Cocoa Fruit Borer (Carmenta theobromae) is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It was described by Busck in 1910 and is known from Colombia and Venezuela.The larva of the species feed on Theobroma cacao. They perforate the pods of their host plant and are considered a serious pest.
 Chikoida Mountain is a mountain on the Taku Plateau in northwestern British Columbia Canada located 52 km (32 mi) southeast of Atlin on the east side of the Silver Salmon River.Chikoida Mountain is a volcanic feature of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province that formed in the past 66.4 million years of the Cenozoic epoch.
 Perplexhadena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Besh-Tash Lake (Kyrgyz: Беш Таш) is a rock-dammed lake in Talas Province of Kyrgyzstan. It is located at the altitude of about 3000 m in riverbed of Besh-Tash river left tributary of Talas River.
 Hodgesiella rebeli is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Italy Croatia Hungary Romania the Republic of Macedonia Albania and Greece.The wingspan is 11–12 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is black with three white lines. The hindwings are whitish grey.The larvae feed on Convolvulus althaeoides Convolvulus althaeoides tenuissimus and Convolvulus cantabrica. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 South Wayne is a village in Lafayette County Wisconsin United States. The population was 489 at the 2010 census.
 Child: Care Health and Development is a bimonthly peer-reviewed public health journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Association of Community Child Health the Swiss Paediatric Society and the European Society for Social Pediatrics. The journal was established in 1975 and covers child health issues such as childhood illness health care paediatrics and social work.
 The James O'Connor Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 23 Endicott Street in Worcester Massachusetts. At time of its listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 it was recognized as a well preserved example of a wood frame Queen Anne building featuring a three story porch with decorative turned wood balusters and porch supports and wood siding with decorative bands of cut shingles. However since then the house has been resided and the porches removed.
 Tangal-e Ali Beyk (Persian: تنگل علي بيك‎ also Romanized as Tangal-e ʿAlī Beyḵ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 9 families.
 Sex-O Olympic-O is the fifth album by the Revolting Cocks released on March 3 2009 through 13th Planet Records.
 Amir Dizaj (Persian: اميرديزج‎ also Romanized as Amīr Dīzaj and Amīrdīzaj; also known as Ālā Kūzeh and Ālāgūzeh) is a village in Qebleh Daghi Rural District Howmeh District Azarshahr County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1018 in 188 families.
 The Greater Grape-vine Looper (Eulithis gracilineata) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from eastern Canada south to Florida. It has also been collected west to Saskatchewan and central Alberta where it is rare.The wingspan is 35–40 mm.The larva feed on Vitis and Parthenocissus species.
 The Costești River is a tributary of the Balta River in Romania.
 The Elliott Bridge in North Dakota USA also known as Souris River Bridge was built by Fargo Bridge & Iron Co. in 1902.The bridge was designed to replace a county-owned ferry boat that had been operating across the Souris River at 'the Elliott Place.'It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It is owned and maintained by McHenry County.
 The Leitha Mountains (German: Leithagebirge; Hungarian: Lajta-hegység) are a range of low mountains in Austria lying on the boundary between Lower Austria and Burgenland.The range is an offshoot of the Alps and forms a connection to the Carpathians to the north. It is a ridge about 35 km long and 5–7 km wide along the southeastern edge of the Vienna Basin from Brucker Pforte in the northeast to Wiener Neustädter Pforte (Ödenburger Pforte) in the southwest.
 Beyond the Sunset (飛越黃昏) is a 1989 film by Hong Kong director Jacob Cheung.
 Brain Droppings is a 1997 book by comedian George Carlin. This was Carlin's first real book and contains much of Carlin's stand-up comedy material. According to the cover the book contains jokes notions doubts opinions questions thoughts beliefs assertions assumptions and disturbing references and comedy nonsense satire mockery merriment sarcasm ridicule silliness bluster and toxic alienation.
 The Speed River is a river that flows through Wellington County and the Region of Waterloo in western Ontario Canada. It flows south from its source near Orton through Guelph where it is joined by the Eramosa River then through the towns of Hespeler and Preston finally uniting with the Grand River in north-west Cambridge.
 The Sheriff is an album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded in 1963 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Jasionów [jaˈɕɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiel within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Trzebiel 20 km (12 mi) west of Żary and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Aleksander Józef Skrzyński (Polish pronunciation: [alɛˈksandɛr ˈskʂɨɲskʲi]; 19 March 1882 - 25 September 1931) was a Polish politician from Zagórzany Gorlice Galicia who served as the country's prime minister from 1925 to 1926.He was the first Polish Ambassador to Romania (accredited in 1919) and played a significant part in the negotiations that led to the Polish-Romanian Alliance.
 N'Kourala is a village and seat of the commune of Kapolondougou in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village lies 50 km west of Sikasso on the main road the RN7 linking Sikasso and Bougouni.
 Słonin [ˈswɔnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Czempiń 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Kościan and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Rattlesnake Lake also known as Sauder Reservoir is a manmade lake in southern Alberta Canada. It is located approximately 23 km (14 mi) northwest of Seven Persons and 29 km (18 mi) west of Medicine Hat.
 The John A. Lafevre House and School is located along NY 208 in the town of Gardiner New York United States. It is often believed to be in New Paltz as it is within that town's ZIP Code. The house is a stone structure dating to 1772; the school was built in 1835 and remained in use for almost a century. Both are well-preserved examples of their type of building and were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Cattiva Evasione also known as A Naughty Elopement is a 1923 Australian silent film directed by P.J. Ramster. It was made for Sydney's Italian community with a story by a local Italian actor Angelo Zommo.It is considered a lost film.
 Mount Tasman (Rarakiroa in Māori) is New Zealand's second highest mountain rising to a height of 3497 metres. It is located in the Southern Alps of the South Island four kilometres to the north of its larger neighbour Aoraki/Mount Cook. Unlike Aoraki/Mount Cook Mount Tasman sits on the South Island's Main Divide on the border between Aoraki/Mount Cook National Park and Westland National Park. It is the highest point in Westland District.
 Azadi Cinema Complex is a cineplex building located at Beheshti Street in Tehran. It serves for movie premieres and various entertainment events.
 Navarajpur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5930 people living in 1022 individual households.
 The Journal of Mechanics in Medicine and Biology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 2001 and is published by World Scientific. It covers research in the field of mechanics as applied to medicine and biology.
 The Glaucous Gull (Larus hyperboreus) is a large gull which breeds in the Arctic regions of the northern hemisphere and the Atlantic coasts of Europe. It is migratory wintering from in the North Atlantic and North Pacific oceans as far south as the British Isles and northernmost states of the USA also on the Great Lakes. A few birds sometimes reach the southern USA and northern Mexico.This species breeds colonially or singly on coasts and cliffs making a lined nest on the ground or cliff.
 Mowtowr-e Harun Amiri (Persian: موتور هارون اميري‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Hārūn Amīrī) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 26 families.
 Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health (often abbreviated as DMSMH) is a book by L. Ron Hubbard which sets out self-improvement techniques he developed called Dianetics. The book is also the canonical text of Scientology. It is colloquially referred to as Book One. The book launched the movement which later defined itself as a religion in 1950.
 Sivakasi is a 2005 Tamil action film directed by Perarasu starring Vijay Asin and Prakash Raj in lead roles. The film's music is composed by Srikanth Deva. The film released during Diwali 2005 and was declared as a commercial success .
 Lewistown Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Derry Township Mifflin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1938 and is a one-story I-plan brick building with an exposed basement executed in the Colonial Revival style. It consists of a front administrative section with a drill hall and former stable area behind. The front and stable buildings have hipped roofs while the drill hall has a gable roof.
 Acanthurus grammoptilus is a tropical fish which is found in the Philippines Indonesia and Australia. Also known commonly as the Finelined-surgeonfish it is used commercially in fisheries and can be used for food.
 The Sellers House in Beebe Arkansas is a building from 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Hajji Pirlu (Persian: حاجي پيرلو‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjī Pīrlū; also known as Ḩājjī Panīrlū) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 38 families.
 Clifford Francis Brown was a judge in the U.S. State of Ohio who was a Justice of the Ohio Supreme Court 1981–1987.
 Margaret L. McIntosh (born December 22 1947) is an American politician from the state of Maryland. The Chairman of the Environmental Matters Committee of the Maryland House of Delegates she has been a member of the House of Delegates since November 1992. She is a former Baltimore City Public School teacher who now chairs one of the six standing committees of the Maryland House of Delegates. A Democrat she represents the state's 43rd district in Baltimore City.
 Mama There's A Man in Your Bed is a 1989 light French comedy built around an interracial romance. Its French title is Romuald et Juliette (also the title of its British DVD release). The film was directed by Coline Serreau of Three Men and a Cradle fame and stars Daniel Auteuil and Firmine Richard.
 Seven Years (1998–2005) is a DVD released in 2005 by German producer and DJ ATB. It was also released in a special edition with the Seven Years: 1998-2005 CD.As the title sais the DVD features all his music videos from 1998 to 2005 a photo gallery the making of I Don't Wanna Stop video an interview plus many more specials.
 The British Museum Is Falling Down (1965) is a comic novel by British author David Lodge about a 25-year-old poverty-stricken student of English literature who rather than work on his thesis (entitled The Structure of Long Sentences in Three Modern English Novels) in the reading room of the British Museum is distracted time and again from his work and who gets into all kinds of trouble instead.
 Frisco Waterfront is a 1935 film.
 Exit the Dragon is the fifth album by American alternative rock group Urge Overkill. Exit the Dragon is characterized as being a darker album than their previous album Saturation. The song The Break was featured in the Daria episode I Don't.
 Paul C. Lafond (July 12 1919 – May 27 1988) was a Canadian politician.Born in Hull Quebec he served with the Royal Canadian Air Force as an officer during World War II. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross in 1944 for his part in sinking a German submarine in the Atlantic. After the war he was executive secretary of the Liberal Party of Canada and worked for the Liberal Federation of Canada from 1948 to 1968.
 Sierra de Vicort also known as Sierra de Vicor (Aragonese: Sierra de Bicort) is a 20 km (12 mi) long mountain range in the Comunidad de Calatayud and Campo de Daroca comarcas of Aragon Spain.The ridge is aligned in a NW-SE direction. It stretches southeast of the Sierra de la Virgen in the same direction roughly between Paracuellos de la Ribera and Codos. It is separated from Sierra de la Virgen by the Jalón River valley.
 Wolf Lake is a 1978 film directed by Burt Kennedy. It stars Rod Steiger and Susan Tyrrell.
 Georgootty C/O Georgootty (Malayalam: ജോര്ജ്ജൂട്ടി C/O ജോര്ജ്ജൂട്ടി) is a 1991 Malayalam–language romantic comedy / drama film starring Jayaram Sunitha and Thilakan in major roles. It was directed by Haridas (ayyapan> and written by Ranjith the film was produced under the banner of Chandragiri Productions. It was Haridas' directorial debut. Haridas got the State Award for Best New face Director for this film. The music was composed by Mohan Sithara with lyrics by Gireesh Puthenchery.
 Kobiele Wielkie [kɔˈbjɛlɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kobiele Wielkie. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Radomsko and 84 km (52 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 800.It is the birthplace of Nobel laureate writer Władysław Reymont. There are two monuments commemorating him in the village.
 Thugged Out: The Albulation is the debut album by rapper Yukmouth released November 3 1998 on Rap-A-Lot Records. The album was produced by 88 Keys Don Juan Mike Dean Mr. Lee and Tone Capone. It peaked at number 8 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 40 on the Billboard 200.
 The Geranium is an early short story by the American author Flannery O'Connor. It was first published in Accent: A Quarterly of New Literature in 1946 and is one of the six stories included in O'Connor's 1947 master's thesis The Geranium: A Collection of Short Stories. It later appeared in the 1971 collection The Complete Stories.O'Connor was fond of the story and rewrote it into An Exile in the East (1954) Getting Home (1964) and Judgement Day (1964).
 Sympistis sokar is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Oregon.
 A Rose is Still a Rose is the thirty-sixth studio album by American recording artist Aretha Franklin. Released in 1998 it resulted in the singer's most critically acclaimed and best-selling album of the 1990s. It was also her first Gold-certified studio album in twelve years.
 Phyllonorycter ledella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Québec and the United States (California).The wingspan is 9-10 mm.The larvae feed on Ledum glandulosum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf sometimes covering the whole leaf area.
 Michael Joseph Opat (born March 25 1961) is an American politician from the U.S. state of Minnesota. He serves as the Chair of the Hennepin County Board of Commissioners the governing body for the largest county in Minnesota with more than 1.1 million residents and an annual budget of $1.7 billion.
 Spilosoma penultimum is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1965. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Blake is a monologue by Elliot Hayes. It is based on the life of the English poet William Blake and infused with poetry from Blake’s Songs of Innocence and Experience. Performances include: The Writers' Theater (1996) The 1983 Stratford Festival of Canada↑ ↑
 Autobiography of Red (1998) is a verse novel by Anne Carson based loosely on the myth of Geryon and the Tenth Labor of Herakles especially on surviving fragments of the lyric poet Stesichorus' poem Geryoneis.
 Rosenbach (Weiße Elster) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Madhusudan Mancha is an auditorium in Dhakuria Kolkata West Bengal India. It is named after Bengali poet Michael Madhusudan Dutt. This is controlled and managed by the Information and Cultural Affairs Department Government of West Bengal. This auditorium is regularly used for theatres. This auditorium is inaugurated on 12 October 1995 by Jyoti Basu Chief Minister of West Bengal at that time.
 The Hohe Warte (318–493 m above NN) is a largely forested upland with four striking hills on the southwestern fringe of the Fichtelgebirge mountains located in northern Bavaria near Bayreuth. Its highest peak is the Hirschberg (493 m). About 60% of the ridge lies on the territory of the parish of Bindlach the other 40% is divided between the town of Bayreuth and the parish of Heinersreuth.
 23 Skidoo is a 1964 short experimental black-and-white film by Julian Biggs produced by the National Film Board of Canada. Its central images are eerie and disturbing scenes of downtown Montreal devoid of people.In 1965 the film was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Short Film and was also nominated for a UN Award. It won Special Mention in the international competition at the Cracow Film Festival that year.
 Lake June in Winter on the west side of Lake Placid Florida has a surface area of 3726.11-acre (15079000 m2). This lake is also spelled Lake June-in-Winter and was once known as Lake Stearns. The lake is kidney-shaped with coves on the northeast and northwest. Lake June is bordered on the south some of the east and much of the north by residences and residential areas. The entire western shore is bordered by Lake June in Winter Scrub State Park.
 Second Honeymoon is a 1937 screwball romantic comedy starring Tyrone Power and Loretta Young about a newly remarried woman who finds her businessman husband boring and runs into her wealthy playboy first husband. The supporting cast includes Stuart Erwin Claire Trevor Marjorie Weaver Lyle Talbot and J. Edward Bromberg.
 Meri Jung is a 1985 Hindi movie produced by N N Sippy and directed by Subhash Ghai. The film stars Anil Kapoor Meenakshi Sheshadri Nutan Amrish Puri Javed Jaffrey (in his debut film) A. K. Hangal Iftekhar Kushboo and Parikshat Sahni. The films music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.
 Richard Rick Mirabito is a politician from the U.S. commonwealth of Pennsylvania. A member of the Democratic Party he is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 83rd district.
 Monte Cristo Cottage also known as Eugene O'Neill Summer House was the summer home of acclaimed Irish-American actor James O'Neill and of his family notably his son (with his wife Ella O'Neill) Nobel prize-winning American playwright Eugene O'Neill.
 Qeysariyeh (Persian: قيصريه‎ also Romanized as Qeyṣarīyeh; also known as Qaşrī) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 33 families.
 Seyyed Ghazeban Fazeli (Persian: سيدناصر فاضلي‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Ghaz̤ebān Fāz̤elī) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 8 families.
 The Thousand Eyes of Dr. Mabuse (Ger. Die 1000 Augen des Dr. Mabuse) is a 1960 black-and-white crime film/thriller made in West Germany. It was a West German/French/Italian international co-production and the last film directed by Fritz Lang. It starred Peter van Eyck Dawn Addams and Gert Fröbe. The film made use of the character Dr. Mabuse who had appeared in earlier films by Lang back in 1922 and 1933. The Thousand Eyes of Dr.
 Pop Trash is Duran Duran's tenth album released in 2000. The album marked their first release not under Capitol Records/EMI with whom they had been signed since 1981. It was also the last to feature the trio of Simon Le Bon Nick Rhodes and Warren Cuccurullo. The CD album went out of print in 2001. It was the only album the band released under their new agreement with Hollywood Records.
 St Cuthbert's Church Holme Lacy is a redundant Anglican church about 1 mile (1.6 km) to the southeast of the village of Holme Lacy Herefordshire England. The church stands in an isolated position at the end of a lane in a bend of the River Wye. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Frank Richard White (born 11 November 1939) is a British Labour Party politician.
 The Akron News-Reporter is a weekly newspaper published in Akron Colorado by Prairie Mountain Publishing a subsidiary of MediaNews Group. It primarily serves the Town of Akron the Town of Otis and Washington County in the State of Colorado United States of America. The newspaper is published every Wednesday with a current circulation of about 2000.
 Diadegma areolare is a wasp first described by August Emil Holmgren in 1860. No subspecies are listed.
 Dice Man was a short-lived British comic which ran for five issues in 1986. It was a spin-off from 2000 AD and was edited by Pat Mills who also wrote almost all of the stories. The stories were designed to be played like gamebooks. Each issue contained two or three such stories and was published every two months.
 The South Fork Salmon River is a 86-mile (138 km) tributary of the Salmon River in Idaho and Valley Counties in central Idaho. The river drains a rugged lightly populated wilderness watershed in the Salmon River Mountains. It is the second largest tributary of the Salmon River after the Middle Fork.
 Net Lake is located within the municipality of Temagami in the Nipissing District Ontario Canada. It covers a length of 10 km and is located in Temagami North. Fish in the lake include walleye northern pike trout smallmouth bass whitefish and panfish. There is only one lodge on Net Lake which is called Andorra Lodge.
 The Igarapé Natal is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Viscount Nabeshima Naotada (鍋島 直紀 June 30 1826 – February 23 1891) was the 9th and final daimyō of Hasunoike Domain in Hizen Province Kyūshū Japan (modern-day Saga Prefecture). Before the Meiji Restoration his courtesy titles were title of Kai no Kami and junior 5th lower grade court rank (ju go i no ge 従五位下).
 Tulsa Studies in Women's Literature (TSWL) founded in 1982 was the first journal devoted solely to the study of women's and feminist literature. The journal publishes articles notes research and reviews of literary historicist and theoretical work by established and emerging scholars in the field of women's literature and feminist theory.
 Boneh Kenar (Persian: بنه كنار‎ also Romanized as Boneh Kenār) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District Dehferi District Fereydunkenar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1233 in 336 families.
 Clinton Clint Tracy (born January 1 1974) is a state representative currently serving his first term in the Missouri House of Representatives. He succeeded the seat held by former State Representative Mary Kasten (R-Cape Girardeau) who retired after filling out the remainder of the term of former State Representative Nathan Cooper (R-Cape Girardeau). Cooper pleaded guilty to immigration fraud in August 2007 and is subsequently in prison.
 The lemon sole Microstomus kitt is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae. It is native to shallow seas around Northern Europe where it lives on stony bottoms down to depths of about 200 metres (660 ft). It grows up to 65 centimetres (26 in) in length and reaches about 3 kilograms (6.6 lb) in weight.It is a popular food fish.
 Muhammad Shahabuddin (Urdu: محمد شہاب الدین) was born on 13 May 1895 at Ellore in Madras. He graduated in Arts from Madras Christian College and in Law from Madras Law College.He joined Indian Civil Services in November 1921 and was posted as Sub-Collector at Madras. He later on served as Joint Magistrate and District and Session Judge till February 1943 when he was appointed Additional Judge of the Madras High Court.
 The Pimp & da Gangsta is the second studio album by rap group Dirty their first released through a major label. It was released on February 27 2001 through Universal Records and was produced by the members of group. The album did fairly well on the charts peaking at #88 on the Billboard 200 and #19 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 2512 is a monthly news magazine published in Réunion. Its name refers to the size in square kilometres of this French overseas department which is located in the Indian Ocean.
 Caryocolum immixtum is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Afghanistan.The length of the forewings is about 5 mm for males and about 4.5 mm for females. The forewings are dark brown scattered with white. There are some indistinct white markings. Adults have been recorded on wing from late May to late June.
 Man Friday is a 1975 British/American film. It is adapted from the 1973 play by Adrian Mitchell based on Daniel Defoe's novel Robinson Crusoe but reverses the roles portraying Crusoe as a blunt stiff Englishman while the native he calls Man Friday is much more intelligent and empathic. The film can be regarded as being critical of western civilization against which it draws an idealizing picture of Caribbean tribal life.
 Czarlin [ˈt͡ʂarlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Tczew and 37 km (23 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 806.
 Kengalla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The Witch's Dungeon Classic Movie Museum in Bristol Connecticut is a collection of figures of classic movie monsters. The museum is owned by Bristol-native Cortlandt Hull. Cortlandt is the great nephew of film actor Henry Hull. In 1966 Cortlandt's father helped him build the Swiss chalet-style building to house the museum. Cortlandt built life-size figures of classic movie monsters that were made of wax fine wire mesh papier-mache and polymers.
 Marasmarcha rhypodactylus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Russia Turkey Lebanon Kazakhstan Iraq and Iran.The wingspan is 24-27 mm.
 Thất Sơn also known as Bảy Núi (seven mountains) is a range of small mountains located in the Tri Tôn and Tịnh Biên districts in Vietnam's An Giang Province very close to the Cambodian border.The 710-metre Thiên Cấm Sơn (the Cấm Mountains) is the highest among the mountainous region of Thất Sơn and it is the highest peak in the whole Mekong Delta region. Endowed with such spectacular mountainous terrain Núi Cấm is known as the Đà Lạt of the Mekong Delta.
 Gregory Ngaji is a Nigerian politician who has been a member of the national senate for the Cross River North constituency of Cross River State since 2003.
 Dasht-e Bozorg (Persian: دشت بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Dasht Bozorg and Dasht-ī-Būzūrg) is a village in Aghili-ye Jonubi Rural District Aghili District Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 804 in 168 families.
 Subconscious Lobotomy is the debut album of Swedish death metal band Centinex. The album was received with generally positive reviews. The original cd version was only pressed to 1000 copies worldwide.
 Little Red Flowers (Chinese: 看上去很美; pinyin: Kàn shàng qù hén měi) is a 2006 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yuan. The film was a co-production between China's Beijing Century Good-Tidings Cultural Development Company LTD and Italy's Downtown Pictures. The Dutch company Fortissimo Films handled worldwide sales.The film based on author Wang Shuo's semi-autobiographical novel Could Be Beautiful follows a young four-year old boy Fang Qiang Qiang at a kindergarten boarding school.
 Solz (nördliche) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 I Am is the sixth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Yo Gotti. The album was released on November 19 2013 by Epic and CMG. The album features guest appearances from T.I. Ne-Yo Wale Rich Homie Quan J. Cole Jeezy Meek Mill and YG among others. The album was supported by the singles Act Right featuring YG and Jeezy which peaked at number 100 on the Billboard Hot 100 King Shit featuring T.I. Cold Blood featuring J. Cole and I Know featuring Rich Homie Quan.
 Platyla peloponnesica is a species of very small land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Aciculidae. This species is endemic to Greece.
 Steve Kirby is an American politician of the Democratic Party. He is a member of the Washington House of Representatives representing the 29th district.
 Time Tripping is an album (LP Vinyl) released by the Fullerton College Jazz Band for the Discovery Records Trend AM-PM label it became the Down Beat Magazine 1st Place Award Winner in the College Big Band Jazz category for 1983.
 Bleeding Shadows is a short story collection by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It was published by Subterranean Press on 28 November 2013. This volume contains 30 short stories that span Mr. Lansdale's extensive career. This book is the largest collection of Mr. Lansdale's short stories available to date.
 Miguel Boyer Salvador (born 5 February 1939) is a Spanish economist and politician who served as minister of economy treasury and commerce from 1982 to 1985.
 Straparollinidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod molluscs.Straparollinidae is the only family in the superfamily Straparollinoidea.This family has no subfamilies.
 Alejandro Gómez Maganda (March 3 1910 – September 14 1984) was a Mexican politician and a former Governor of Mexican state of Guerrero from 1951 to 1954.
 The Choir is a retrospective EP by The Choir that has been released only in 12 format. The cover features the same photograph as Choir Practice although it has been cropped and is much grainier. There are actually five songs on the record even though the cover says that there are only four.
 Euriphene lomaensis the Loma Nymph is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone and Ivory Coast. The habitat consists of forests.
 Quzluy-e Sofla (Persian: قوزلوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qūzlūy-e Soflá; also known as Qowzlū-ye Pā’īn and Qowzlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District Khalifan District Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 346 in 49 families.
 Royal Meeker (February 23 1873 – August 16 1953) was an American economist born at Quaker Lake Susquehanna County Pennsylvania. He graduated from Iowa State College in 1898 then studied with E.R.A. Seligman at Columbia (Ph.D. 1906) and for a year at the University of Leipzig (1903-04).
 Don't You Fake It is the debut studio album by The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus released on July 18 2006 and re-released on March 20 2007.The title of the album is taken from a line in the opening track In Fate's Hands.
 Satyam Shivam is a 1981 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. The film stars Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao Akkineni Nageswara Rao Sridevi Kapoor and Rati Agnihotri. It is a remake of the Hindi hit film Suhaag.
 I U (stylised I□U) is the fifth extended play by South Korean recording artist IU released on December 14 2011. It was IU's first release in the Japanese domestic market and was a compilation of Korean language songs released between 2008 and 2011.
 Baer House at 1010 Rock St. Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1915. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 for its architecture which is Bungalow/Craftsman architecture. It was designed by architect Charles L. Thompson.
 Donja Sipulja is a village in the municipality of Loznica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 244 people.
 Aulay MacAulay Morrison (June 15 1863 – February 27 1942) was a Canadian lawyer judge and Liberal politician who represented New Westminster in the Canadian House of Commons from 1896 to 1904.Born in Baddeck Nova Scotia the son of Christopher Morrison and Flora MacAulay Morrison was educated in Common Schools at the Academies of Sydney and Pictou and at Dalhousie University where he graduated with the degree of Bachelor of Law in 1888.
 Saint John the Evangelist Catholic Church is a parish of the Roman Catholic Church in Maryland in the United States founded by Fr. John Carroll in 1774. It falls under the jurisdiction of the Archdiocese of Washington and its archbishop. It is named after John the Evangelist.
 Topology was a peer-reviewed mathematical journal covering topology and geometry. It was established in 1962 and was published by Elsevier. The last issue of Topology appeared in 2009.
 Thanh Nưa is a commune (xã) and village of the Điện Biên District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam.
 Mazraeh-ye Hojjatabad-e Bareqerari (Persian: مزرعه حجت ابادبرقراري‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩojjatābād-e Bareqerārī) is a village in Qanatghestan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 9 families.
 O Filme dos Espíritos is a 2011 Brazilian drama film directed by Michel Dubret and André Marouço based on the book The Spirits Book by Allan Kardec. The film was released in Brazil on October 7 2011 in celebration of the birthday month of Kardec.
 Dendrocopos is a widespread genus of woodpeckers from Asia and Europe and Northern Africa. They range from the Philippines to the British Isles.
 Echoes of Honor is the eighth Honor Harrington novel by David Weber.The novel is divided into six books. Books 1 3 and 5 describe the unfolding course of the Manticore-Haven war while Books 2 4 and 6 focus on the exploits of Honor and her allies on the prison planet Hades also known as Hell.
 Nagayalanka is a small coastal village and a Mandal headquarters in Krishna District Andhra Pradesh. It is located on the banks of Krishna River.The population is about 20000. Agriculture and aquaculture are the primary occupations.On August 23 2010 Cairn India discovered oil at Nagayalanka.[1]
 Hari Sevugan (born 1974) is the former national press secretary for the Democratic National Committee. He served as the senior spokesman for the Barack Obama presidential campaign.
 Tales Don't Tell Themselves is the third album by Welsh rock band Funeral for a Friend. It charted at #3 in the UK selling 25000 copies in its first week and later went gold.It was released on 14 May 2007. Before the release of the album the band released several short studio update videos informing fans of their progress.
 Pillar is a mountain in the western part of the English Lake District. Situated between the valleys of Ennerdale to the north and Wasdale to the south it is the highest point of the Pillar group (some dozen fells clustered round it). At 892 metres (2927 feet) it is the eighth highest mountain in the Lake District. The fell takes its name from Pillar Rock a prominent feature on the Ennerdale side regarded as the birthplace of rock climbing in the district.
 Õle is a village in Kareda Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
 Królowa Polska [kruˈlɔva ˈpɔlska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka Wielka within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kamionka Wielka 10 km (6 mi) east of Nowy Sącz and 82 km (51 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 This article is about the 1957 book. For the bridge itself see Brücke von AndauThe Bridge at Andau is a 1957 nonfiction book by James Michener chronicling the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. Michener was living in Austria in the 1950s.
 Orthogonius rotundatus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 King of Donair (KOD) is a restaurant chain founded in the early 1970s in Halifax Nova Scotia. The first store was on Quinpool Road and serviced a broad clientele into the early morning hours when at the time only a limited number of eating establishments were open. KOD serves a wide range of food including the Halifax (or Maritime) donair the super donair (sometimes served open-faced with cheese) pizza (including donair pizza) poutine and the taco sub.
 Citizen's Briefing Book is a compilation book of recommendations made to President Barack Obama by visitors to the Change.gov website given to the President after his January 20 2009 inauguration.
 Mustafa Haidi Makunganya Mkulo (born 26 September 1946) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Kilosa constituency since 2005.
 Ostrowąsy [ɔstrɔˈvɔ̃sɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Barwice 23 km (14 mi) west of Szczecinek and 125 km (78 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Cham Sar (Persian: چمسار‎; also known as Cham Sārd and Cheshmeh Sār) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District Chavar District Ilam County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Colossus (1966) is a science fiction novel by British author Dennis Feltham Jones about super-computers assuming control of man. Two sequels The Fall of Colossus (1974) and Colossus and the Crab (1977) continued the story. Colossus was adapted cinematically as Colossus: The Forbin Project (1970).
 Mindy Greiling is a former Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented the former districts 54B and 54A in Ramsey County part of the Twin Cities metropolitan area. (These districts have since been divided among other districts by redistricting.) District 54B included parts of Roseville and Little Canada while District 54A included portions of Roseville St. Anthony and Lauderdale.
 The Moraine Park Museum and Amphitheater also known as the Moraine Park Lodge and the Moraine Park Visitor Center are located in Moraine Park a glaciated meadow between two moraines in Rocky Mountain National Park.The two structures were built to serve visitors to the park and are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The museum was built in 1923 by Imogene Green MacPherson as the center of her private tourist development and was then known as the Moraine Park Lodge.
 Kate Kelly was the Democratic Idaho State Senator from the Ada County-based District 18 from 2004 to 2010. In January 2009 she succeeded Senator Clint Stennett of Ketchum as Idaho Senate minority leader after Stennett's announcement that he would miss all of the 2009 legislative session while battling brain cancer.
 Dance Metal is an EP by Widow Sunday released in June 2012 through Rat Pak Records. Dance Metal was produced and engineered by Shane Frisby (Bury Your Dead Cannae The Ghost Inside) at the Brick Hithouse in Hyannis MA and mixed and mastered by Peter Rutcho (Revocation The Year of Our Lord Ravage) at Damage Studios in Southbridge MA.
 Amirabad (Persian: امير آباد‎ also Romanized as Āmīrābād) is a village in Cheraghabad Rural District Tukahur District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1933 in 414 families.
 Salvador is a science fiction short story published in 1984 by Lucius Shepard. In 1985 it won the Locus Poll award for Best Short Story the SF Chronicle award for Short Story and was nominated for the Hugo and Nebula awards for Best Short Story.
 Mokronos Górny [mɔˈkrɔnɔs ˈɡurnɨ] (German: Oberhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.The village has a population of 250.
 Agriculture Week is a weekly agricultural and food science research newspaper reporting on the latest developments in agriculture and food production. Its main topics are Agribusiness Crops Livestock and Markets. It is published by Vertical News an imprint of NewsRx LLC.
 Mordellaria aurofasciata is a species of beetle in the Mordellaria genus which is part of the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1837.
 Kakisa Lake is a large lake located in the Northwest Territories Canada. It is fed by the Kakisa River and near to the community of Kakisa. An outcropping of the Kakisa Formation occurs along the side of this lake.
 Garden Dreams (彼は花園で夢を見る Kare wa Hanazono de Yume wo Miru) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Fumi Yoshinaga. The manga is serialised in Shinshokan's Wings. Shinshokan released the manga on September 1999.It is licensed and published in North America by Digital Manga Publishing on October 24 2007.
 Shadow Forest is a children's novel by Matt Haig published in 2007. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Gold Award was shortlisted for the Waterstone's Children's Book Prize and has been nominated for the Carnegie Medal.
 Bonnie Prince Charlie is a 1948 British historical film depicting the 1745 Jacobite Rebellion and the role of Bonnie Prince Charlie within it. Filmed in Technicolor it starred David Niven Jack Hawkins and Margaret Leighton.
 D. Elmer Hawbaker (November 30 1916 – November 26 1994) is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate serving from 1961 to 1972.
 St. Luke's Church is a Roman Catholic parish located in Defence Colony B-68 New Delhi India. It is under the administration of the Archdiocese of Delhi. The building was constructed in 1979.The Defence Colony was a district set aside for housing armed forces personnel. The original church was built on a vacant residential plot.The present Parish Priest is Fr.James Peter Raj and Asst. Parish Priest is Fr.
 Magic Forest: The Anthology is a compilation album by English folk rock band Fat Mattress released on 13 June 2006 by Sanctuary Records and Castle Communications. The album is named after Magic Forest a song from the band's self-titled debut album released as a single in 1969.
 Karoda is located at . Karoda is a gram panchayat of Behror Tehsil. Karoda situated on State Highway No-14 Near By Barrod Village.The village have approximately 4100 population in 2011 census. Literacy is proximately 80%.
 The Oregon State Savings Bank Building is an historic building in the Ogle County Illinois city of Oregon. Its location is within the boundaries of the Oregon Commercial Historic District. The historic district was designated and added to the National Register of Historic Places in August 2006.
 Argas africolumbae  ' is a small soft-bodied tick that is found primarily on chickens and birds including the Pale Crag Martin.
 Ragnarock City (ラグナロックシティ Ragunarokku Shiti) is an erotic art book and yuri manga by Satoshi Urushihara published by Gakken in 2001 in Japan. It has been released in French and German.The story is set in a world where a large population of cyborgs and robots has inspired a fashion of near-total nudity to show that one has a fully human body.
 Okabena Creek is a 40-mile-long (64 km) waterway in southern Minnesota. It is a tributary via the short Diversion Creek of Heron Lake the outlet of which flows to the Des Moines River. Okabena Creek begins in Worthington Minnesota connecting by a ditch to the outlet of Okabena Lake then flows northeast past the towns of Brewster and Okabena to the Heron Lake/South Heron Lake system.
 Journal of Physics: Condensed Matter is a weekly peer reviewed scientific journal established in 1989 and published by the IOP Publishing. This journal reports on all areas of condensed matter physics including soft matter and nanostructures. This journal publishes papers (experimental theoretical and simulation studies) that contain fundamental condensed matter science.
 The Hollywood Takes is a novel written by the English author Michael de Larrabeiti and published in the United States by Doubleday in 1988.
 See also Queen Alexandra RangeAlexandra Mountains (77°25′S 153°30′W) is a group of low separated mountains in the north portion of Edward VII Peninsula just southwest of Sulzberger Bay in Marie Byrd Land Antarctica. Discovered in January-February 1902 by the British National Antarctic Expedition during an exploratory cruise of the Discovery along the Ross Ice Shelf. Named for Alexandra then Queen of the United Kingdom.
 Consulting-Specifying Engineer (ISSN-0892-5046) is a trade publication and website owned by CFE Media serving the information needs of engineering personnel who perform various consulting engineering activities.The magazine is published monthly and covers Consulting-Specifying Engineering subjects such as: Mechanical Electrical Plumbing Lighting Fire and Life Safety and Controls/BAS Engineering.
 Oud Poelgeest is castle in Oegstgeest north of Leiden that was the former home of the Dutch scientist Herman Boerhaave (1668–1738). He was a Dutch humanist and physician of European fame.
 Rrahim Çota is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.
 Usha Rani Tomar was a member of the 7th Lok Sabha of India. She represented the Aligarh (Lok Sabha constituency) of Uttar Pradesh and is a member of the Indian National Congress (political party).
 Honky Tonk Angels is a 1993 Columbia Records album historically teaming country legends Dolly Parton Loretta Lynn and Tammy Wynette. Honky Tonk Angels was produced by Parton and Steve Buckingham.
 Roll Me Up and Smoke Me When I Die: Musings from the Road is a memoir written by American country music singer-songwriter Willie Nelson published by HarperCollins. The book received positive reviews and became quickly a New York Times Best Seller upon its release.
 Triakel is the first album by the Swedish folk band of the same name Triakel. It was released in 1998 on Xource records a division of MNW Records Group AB.
 Harpathaumas priscus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Harpathaumas.
 Newminster Abbey was a Cistercian abbey in Northumberland in the north of England. The site is protected by Grade II listed building and Scheduled Ancient Monument statusRanulph de Merlay lord of Morpeth and his wife Juliana daughter of Gospatric II Earl of Lothian founded the abbey in 1137 and Saint Robert of Newminster from the Cistercian Fountains Abbey was appointed as the first abbot; he governed from 1138 to 1159.
 The Dastard is the twenty-fourth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 Davudabad-e Mokhtar (Persian: داودابادمختار‎ also Romanized as Dāvūdābād-e Mokhtār; also known as Dāvodābād and Dāvūdābād) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 21 families.
 The Heart River is a river in northern Alberta Canada. It is a major tributary of the Peace River.The motto of the village of Nampa Alberta is A Place close to the Heart a reference to the river flowing through the community.
 Bolbec Castle or Bolebec Castle was a castle in the village of Whitchurch Buckinghamshire England.
 Big Sandy Creek is a 58.0-mile-long (93.3 km) tributary of the Sabine River in Franklin Wood and Upshur counties in northeastern Texas.
 Prag Patel is a Member of Legislative assembly from Mandal constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
 Sex Drugs & Video Games is a Retail mixtape by American rapper David Banner released on May 22 2012. It was self-released by Banner in an attempt to profoundly change the music industry. Downloading the mixtape required a minimum donation of $1.
 The Harvard Art Museums is part of Harvard University and comprise three museums: the Fogg Museum (established in 1895) the Busch-Reisinger Museum (established in 1903) and the Arthur M. Sackler Museum (established in 1985) and four research centers: the Archaeological Exploration of Sardis (founded in 1958) the Center for the Technical Study of Modern Art (founded in 2002) the Harvard Art Museums Archives and the Straus Center for Conservation and Technical Studies (founded in 1928).
 The Barse (French: la Barse) is a 50.1 km (31.1 mi) long river in the Aube département north-central central France. Its source is under the château in Vendeuvre-sur-Barse. It flows generally west. It is a right tributary of the Seine into which it flows at Saint-Parres-aux-Tertres near Troyes.
 Buena Esperanza is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 The Industrial Building is a high-rise built in 1928 in the Washington Boulevard Historic District of downtown Detroit Michigan. It is located at 1410 Washington Boulevard and occupies the northeast corner on Grand River Avenue and Washington Boulevard. The currently residential building stands 22 storeys tall with 21 above-ground floors and one basement level. Architect Louis Kamper designed the Book Tower (left) and the Industrial Building (right) both of which are pictured.
 The U.S. Post Office–Blackfoot Main also known as Blackfoot Main Post Office in Blackfoot Idaho was built in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. It has Moderne architecture.
 Alabama Thunderpussy originally known as Alabama Thunder Pussy were a stoner metal band from Richmond Virginia. It was founded by Bryan Cox Erik Larson and Asechiah Bogdan in 1996.
 Adeline Jay Geo-Karis (March 29 1918 – February 10 2008) was a Republican politician and a member of the Illinois Senate for the 31st District where she served for over 25 years. Prior to her election as Senator she was in the Illinois House of Representatives from 1973 to 1979. Known simply as Geo to her constituents she was a popular politician in Lake County Illinois for many years.
 Champion is a 2000 film directed by Padam Kumar and starring Sunny Deol and Manisha Koirala.
 Stu Rasmussen (born 1948) is an American politician. He became the nation's first openly transgender mayor when he was elected as the mayor of Silverton Oregon in November 2008.He had previously been elected twice in the 1990s as mayor of this Willamette Valley community before coming out as transgender. He was also three times a member of the city council. He is biologically male and still mainly identifies as a man but has breast implants and dresses as a woman.
 Phaio longipennis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Neumogen in 1894. It is found on Cuba.
 The Moldova River is a river in Romania in the historical region of Moldavia. The river rises from the Obcina Feredeu Mountains of Bukovina in Suceava County and joins the Siret River near the city of Roman in Neamţ County.The river gave its name to the Principality of Moldavia whose first capital Târgul Moldovei (now Baia) is on the Moldova River. The origin of the name of the river is disputed (see Etymology of Moldova).
 Banalata Sen (Bengali: বনলতা সেন) is a volume of poems by Jibanananda Das. During Das's lifetime it was published twice: first time in Poush 1349 Bengali calendar(December 1942 AD) with a cover by Sambhu Shaha including 12 poems second time in Srabon 1359 Bengali calendar (1952 AD) an enlarged version with a cover by Satyajit Ray including 30 poems. Das named the volume after the poem: Banalata Sen one of Das’s finest poems certainly his most popular.
 The Making of a Legend: Gone with the Wind is a 1988 documentary outlining the successes and challenges of the casting filming and legacy of the 1939 film Gone with the Wind from concept to finished product. The documentary focuses on David O. Selznick from the time of the book's publication to the Academy Awards ceremony of 1940. Included are interviews with many of the crew and office personnel involved in making the film. Producer David O.
 Magrib (Malayalam: മഗ്‌രിബ് English: Dusk or Reprieve) is a 1993 Malayalam film by P. T. Kunju Muhammed. The film is about the relative shift in the frame of references ruling the familial relations in a traditional community having specific cultural ethos that of the Muslims in the South Malabar. It stars Murali Sreenivasan V. K. Sreeraman and Saranya.
 The River Isle (also known as the River Ile) flows from its source near Combe St Nicholas through Somerset England and discharges into the River Parrett south of Langport near Midelney.Several small springs merge into the river near Wadeford it then flows north past Donyatt Ilminster Puckington and Isle Abbotts before joining the Parrett.
 Mount Mimuro (三室山 Mimuro-yama) is a mountain on the border of Shisō Hyōgo Prefecture and Wakasa Tottori Prefecture Japan. The height is 1358.0 m (4455 ft) and this mountains is the second highest mountain in Hyōgo Prefecture after Mount Hyōno.
 White Chapel or Grace Chapel is a historic church on Rossview Road in Rossview Tennessee.It was established in the 1860s as a mission Sunday school for local children and served all Christian denominations. The frame building that houses the church was built in 1866 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Gecen is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1010 people.
 The Vaal River (pronounced /ˈfɑːl/ and alternatively /ˈvɑːl/ especially by English speakers) is the largest tributary of the Orange River in South Africa. The river has its source near Breyten in Mpumalanga province east of Johannesburg and about 30 km north of Ermelo and only about 240 km from the Indian Ocean. It then flows westwards to its conjunction with the Orange River southwest of Kimberley in the Northern Cape.
 The Canary-Hartnett House is a historic house at 113 Winter Street in Barnstable Massachusetts. This well-preserved 1.5 story wood frame building was built c. 1860 and is associated with the early wave of Irish settlers to the Barnstable area. The property includes a barn that dates to the same period.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Sandra L. Frankel was the Supervisor of the Town of Brighton Monroe County New York. A former Brighton school board member (6 years) and BOCES I Monroe Board of Education (10 years) Vice President of both Frankel served for 20 years as town supervisor the elected executive of an urban suburb of 35000 population. In 1998 Frankel won the Democratic nomination for Lieutenant Governor of New York in the 1998 statewide Primary Election.
 Gergis Teklemichael (alt. Giorgis) is the Minister of Trade and Industry of Eritrea.
 Blepharita leucocyma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in India.
 Kıyıklar is a village in the District of Ulus Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 189 people.
 Lake Stanley Draper is a reservoir in southeast Oklahoma City United States. The lake formed in 1963. It has a surface area of 2459 acres (995 ha).
 Ligovsky Canal (Russian: Ли́говский кана́л) is one of the most extended channels of Saint Petersburg (Russia). It has been constructed in 1721 its length has made 23 kilometres. The channel was under construction for functioning of fountains of Summer garden. The channel delivered water from the Liga river (now called the Dudergofka) in ponds in Bassejnaya street (modern Nekrasov street).
 Upstairs at Eric's is the debut album by British synthpop duo Yazoo (known in the US and Canada as Yaz) released in the UK on Mute Records on 20 August 1982. It was produced by the band and E.C. Radcliffe with assistance from Mute label boss Daniel Miller on some of the tracks. Named after producer Radcliffe's Blackwing Studios where the album was recorded Upstairs at Eric's was preceded by two top three UK singles the ballad Only You and the more uptempo Don't Go.
 The Annotated Hobbit: The Hobbit or There and Back Again is an edition of J. R. R. Tolkien's novel The Hobbit with a commentary by Douglas A. Anderson. It was first published in 1988 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Boston in celebration of the 50th anniversary of the first American publication of The Hobbit and by Unwin Hyman of London.
 Bhavna Chikhalia (Gujarati: ભાવના ચીખલિયા ‎; 14 February 1955 – 28 June 2013) was a former Minister of State of Parliamentary Affairs and of Tourism and Culture in Government of India from 2003 to 2004.
 The Varied Honeyeater (Lichenostomus versicolor) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is found in Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
 Guddal is a village in Fjaler Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of the village of Flekke in the Guddalen valley. The village of Vadheim (in Høyanger Municipality) lies about 25 kilometres (16 mi) to the southeast of Guddal. The village is the site of Guddal Church which serves the whole valley. The local economy is centered around agriculture and forestry.
 The Nerodimka (Serbian: Неродимка Планина Nerodimka planina Albanian: Mali i Nerodimës) is a mountain located in the south of Kosovo. It is named after the Serbian legend of the woman who can't deliver a baby (Serbian: Неродимка Nerodimka meaning woman who can`t give birth). The mountain has two high peaks Bukova Glava 1721 m (5646 ft) and Kurkulica 1549 m (5082 ft).
 Fused Magazine is an art design music and fashion magazine based in Birmingham England and distributed throughout the United Kingdom.It is published bi-monthly and distributed through both free and paid-for channels.
 The Church of the Virgin of Mount Carmel and St. Thérèse of Lisieux (Spanish: Iglesia de la Virgen del Carmen y Santa Teresita) also known as Iglesia de los Carmelitas is a Roman Catholic parish church in the neighbourhood of Prado Montevideo Uruguay.The church was built in Neo-Gothic style by architects Guillermo Armas and Albérico Isola between 1929 and 1954. It was held by the Carmelites until 1995 then it was leased to the Archdiocese.The parish was established on 8 September 1962.
 Cephalotes ramiphilus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to parachute by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants.
 Edge of Seventeen is a 1998 coming of age romantic comedy-drama film directed by David Moreton written by Moreton and Todd Stephens starring Chris Stafford and co-starring Tina Holmes and Andersen Gabrych.
 Fortune is a global business magazine published by Time Inc. and founded by Henry Luce in 1930. The publishing business—consisting of Time Life Fortune and Sports Illustrated—grew to become Time Warner. In turn AOL grew as it acquired Time Warner in 2000 when Time Warner was the world's largest media conglomerate. Fortune's primary competitors in the national business magazine category are Forbes—which is also published bi-weekly—and Bloomberg Businessweek.
 Strictly Dynamite is a 1934 American film starring Lupe Velez and Jimmy Durante. Norman Foster plays a poet whose life changes when he begins writing comedy for Durante and develops an infatuation for Durante's volatile partner.
 Ahmad Mirfendereski (1918 - 2 May 2004) was an Iranian diplomat politician and the last foreign minister of the Shah era in Iran.
 Stick Around is a 1925 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Hound of the Baskervilles (Russian: Приключения Шерлока Холмса и доктора Ватсона: Собака Баскервилей English: The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson: The Hound of the Baskervilles) is a 1981 Soviet film adaptation of Arthur Conan Doyle's novel The Hound of the Baskervilles. It was the third installment in the TV series about adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson.
 Dioryctria erythropasa is a species of snout moths in the genus Dioryctria. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is found from Arizona south along the Mexican Pacific coast to Central America.The wingspan is 23-32 mm. The forewing ground colour is variable but generally with white rnaculations on a background of reddish brown and often heavily shaded with grey. The hindwings vary from light brown to light grey brown.
 The royal tetra Inpaichthys kerri is a species of characin endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Aripuanã River. It is also kept as an aquarium fish. It is the sole member of its genus.
 Gilbert Marie N'gbo Aké (born 1955) is an Ivorian academic and politician. He was named Prime Minister of Côte d'Ivoire by Laurent Gbagbo after the latter claimed victory in the disputed 2010 presidential election.Professor Gilbert Marie N'gbo Aké successfully obtained a State PhD in economics in 1991 at l’université de Toulouse. Specialising in econometrics and regulatory economics was Dean of the Faculty of Economics and Management from 2001 to 2007.
 Leptodactylus syphax is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and rocky areas.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Smith Family Farmstead also known as Riverside is a historic home located at Upper Makefield Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1767 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay by two bay gable roofed stone dwelling. A one bay by two bay stone and frame addition was built in 1945. Also on the property is a contributing two-story stone building used as a garage. It was the birthplace of U.S. Senator from Indiana Oliver H.
 The Alarm is a studio EP by The Alarm. It was released in 1983 by IRS Records.The EP was released initially on vinyl LP and cassette.Freedom was recorded live at The Marquee Wardour Street London W.1. 1.30.83 The cassette was released in the UK with the 68 Guns single.An extended re-mastered version was released including extra tracks.
 (For a 1992 film see The Final Judgement)The Final Judgment is a lost 1915 silent film produced by B. A. Rolfe and distributed by Metro Pictures. Actor Edwin Carewe directed. It stars Ethel Barrymore in her second silent film and first as a player for then new Metro Pictures later to become a part of MGM in 1924. A complete print of this film was preserved by MGM.
 The Auckland Snipe or Auckland Islands Snipe (Coenocorypha aucklandica aucklandica ) is a small bird in the sandpiper family. It is the isolated nominate subspecies of the Subantarctic Snipe that is endemic to the Auckland Islands a subantarctic island group south of New Zealand in the Southern Ocean.
 Atifete Jahjaga (Albanian pronunciation: [ätɪˈfeːtɛ jähˈjɑːɡä]; born 20 April 1975) is the fourth President of Kosovo. She is the first female President of the Republic of Kosovo the first non-partisan candidate the first female head of state in the modern Balkans and the youngest to be elected to the office. She served as Deputy Director of the Kosovo Police holding the rank of Major General the highest among women in Southeastern Europe.
 Heliolonche joaquinensis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the San Joaquin Valley from San Benito and Fresno counties in the north and Kern and Santa Barbara counties in the south.The length of the forewings is 8.5–9 mm for males and 8–9 mm for females. Adults are on wing from March to May.
 A Lightning Sketch (French: Dessinateur) was a series of four 1896 French short silent films directed by Georges Méliès and released by his Star Film Company. Each film showed an artist—very probably Méliès himself—drawing a caricature of a notable political figure in less than a minute.Three similar films were also made at about the same time in August 1896 by the Anglo-American filmmaker J.
 Ek Mon Ek Pran (Bengali: এক মন এক প্রাণ) is an Dhallywood romance drama film directed by Sohanoor Rahman Sohan. The film stars Shakib Khan and Apu Biswas & Toma Mirza in lead roles. the film is based on a love triangle with Toma Mirza also starring opposite Khan as the second female lead. also features Misha Shadoger Afzal Sharif and Ali raz in supporting roles. and was released on April 20 2012 it opened very well at the box office and was declared a super hit.
 Lewisburg Historic District in Covington Kentucky is a 70-acre (28 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. At that time it included 430 buildings deemed to contribute to the historic character of the area.
 Hesam (Persian: حسام‎ also Romanized as Ḩesām) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Licking River is a 303-mile-long (488 km) tributary of the Ohio River in northeastern Kentucky in the United States. The river and its tributaries drain much of the region of northeastern Kentucky between the watersheds of the Kentucky River to the west and the Big Sandy River to the east.
 St Peter's Church Plemstall stands in an isolated position at the end of a country lane near the village of Mickle Trafford Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Chester. Its benefice is combined with that of St John the Baptist's Church Guilden Sutton.
 Spencerport Methodist Church also known as Spencerport United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Spencerport in Monroe County New York United States. It is a Romanesque style three- by seven-bay church building constructed of brick on a foundation of Medina sandstone. Initially constructed in 1870-1871 the interior was updated in 1909 to the Akron Plan precepts for church design.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Studio 150 is the seventh album by British artist Paul Weller. It comprises covers of songs by a variety of artists and showcases Weller's myriad musical influences. It was named after the small Amsterdam studio in which it was recorded. It entered the charts at #2.
 Hellfire Pass (Thai: ช่องเขาขาด known by the Japanese as Konyu Cutting) is the name of a railway cutting on the former Death Railway in Thailand which was built with forced labour during the Second World War in part by Allied prisoners of war. The pass is noted for the harsh conditions and heavy loss of life suffered by its labourers during construction.
 Żelki [ˈʐɛlki] (German: Groß Silkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Kobylnica 15 km (9 mi) south of Słupsk and 102 km (63 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 58.
 Linda J. Scheid (June 16 1942 – June 15 2011) was a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 46 which includes portions of the northwestern suburbs of Hennepin County in the Twin Cities metro area. A Democrat she was first elected to the Senate in 1996 and was re-elected in 2000 2002 2006 and 2010. Prior to the 2002 redistricting the area was known as District 47. She died of cancer on June 15 2011.
 Soldat is a dark bay or brown colt by the sire War Front out of a Coronado’s Quest mare Le Relais. and one of the contenders for the 2011 Kentucky Derby.
 Zionz Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 The Magician is a 1958 film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman. Its original Swedish title is Ansiktet which means the face and it was released theatrically as The Face in the United Kingdom although video releases have used the U.S. title.The film stars Max von Sydow as a traveling magician named Albert Vogler.
 Rockin' in My Outer Space is a CD released by hard rock/heavy metal band Helix on May 24 2004. It is Helix' 9th full length studio album and 15th official album release. It is also their first studio album since 1993's It's a Business Doing Pleasure an 11 year gap and the longest gap between studio albums in Helix history.
 Anxious Disease is the first and only album by the rock band The Outpatience released in 1996 in Japan. The album feature several guest appearances most notably from Guns N' Roses members with whom West Arkeen co-wrote several songs in 1985. Soon after the release the founder of the band West Arkeen died from an overdose. The Album was rereleased posthumously in 2004 in US and Europe.
 Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths is an original direct-to-video animated superhero film released on February 23 2010. It is based on the abandoned direct-to-video feature Justice League: Worlds Collide which was intended as a bridge between the then-concluding Justice League animated television series and its then forthcoming sequel series Justice League Unlimited.
 Onderdonk House also known as Haring House and Arie Smith-Onderdonk House was a historic home located at Piermont in Rockland County New York. It was built over three periods of construction: about 1737 about 1810 and about 1867. It consisted of a 1 1⁄2-story gable-roofed main block and a 1 1⁄2-story wing both of sandstone construction.
 Tolombeh-ye Abul Hasan Shahidi Shomareh-ye Do (Persian: تلمبه ابولحسن شهيدي شماره 2‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Abūl Ḩasan Shahīdī Shomāreh-ye Do) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 10 families.
 Stenalia parva is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1951 by Ermisch.
 Anglo-Saxon Amulets and Curing Stones is an archaeological study of amulets talismans and curing stones in the burial record of Anglo-Saxon England. Written by the Australian archaeologist Audrey Meaney it was published by the company British Archaeological Reports as the 96th monograph in their BAR British Series.
 Annals of Physics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. Its focus is on all aspects of basic physics research. Topics cover theory methodology and applications. The Editor-in-Chief is Nobel Prize laureate Frank Wilczek.
 The Monk and the Woman is a 1917 Australian silent film directed by Franklyn Barrett. It is considered to be lost.
 Two species of chough /ˈtʃʌf/ constitute the genus Pyrrhocorax of the Corvidae (crow) family of birds. These are the Red-billed Chough (Pyrrhocorax pyrrhocorax) and the Alpine or Yellow-billed Chough (P. graculus). The White-winged Chough of Australia despite its name is a member of the family Corcoracidae and only distantly related.The choughs have black plumage and brightly coloured legs feet and bills and are resident in the mountains of southern Eurasia and North Africa.
 Cor Cordium is the twelfth studio album by American progressive rock band Glass Hammer. The name of the album is taken from an eponymous poem by Algernon Charles Swinburne.The album follows the symphonic-progressive musical direction of the previous album If after the arrival of singer Jon Davison and guitarist Alan Shikoh. It is the only album in which Davison plays acoustic guitars.
 The Clark Range is a mountain range that forms part of the Continental Divide and also the boundary between the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia. A small portion of the range extends into the far northwestern section of Glacier National Park Montana USA. It is the easternmost of the Border Ranges subdivision of the Canadian Rockies. The range is named for Captain William Clark of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 Azygophleps larseni is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Iraq Iran Oman and Yemen.
 Sollamale (English: Without Saying) is a 1998 Tamil language film directed by Sasi who made his directorial debut with the film. The film featured Livingston and Kausalya in lead roles whilst Anand Prakash Raj and Karan play supporting roles. The film opened in July 1998 to positive reviews and became a box office success. It was later remade Telugu as Seenu (1998) with Venkatesh and Twinkle Khanna and in Hindi as Pyaar Diwana Hota Hai (2002) with Govinda and Rani Mukerji in the lead roles.
 Radio Free Albemuth is a dystopian novel by Philip K. Dick written in 1976 and published posthumously in 1985. Originally titled VALISystem A it was his first attempt to deal in fiction with his experiences of early 1974. When his publishers at Bantam requested extensive rewrites he canned the project and reworked it into the VALIS trilogy. Arbor House acquired the rights to Radio Free Albemuth in 1985.
 Chipley Priory was a small Augustine religious house dedicated to the Blessed Virgin located about 1 mile (2 km) north-west of the village of Poslingford in the English county of Suffolk. The date of its foundation is unknown and the first references to it occur in 1235. The priory never became a major house – a taxation roll from 1291 shows its income at less than £5 per annum – and by 1455 the buildings were ruins.
 The Jundiaí River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Midtown Historic District in Midtown Atlanta Georgia is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Anotoceras is a smooth shelled discoidal ammonite with a depressed subtrigonal whorl section and ceratitic sutures included in the ceratitid family Otoceratidae. Anotoceras comes from the Lower Triassic of the Himalaya
 Donja Mikuljana is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 83 people.
 The Chrüzlipass (2347 m) is a high mountain pass of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Uri and Graubünden. Its connects Amsteg (Uri) and Sedrun (Graubünden). It is one of the lowest passes between the two cantons and is traversed by a trail.The pass is overlooked by the Witenalpstock and the Chrüzlistock.
 Proporidae is a family of flatworms containing a single genus.
 The Nemiscau River is a river in Quebec Canada. It flows into Lake Nemiscau.
 Absolute Beginners is a novel by Colin MacInnes written and set in 1958 London England. It was published in 1959. The novel is the second of MacInnes' London Trilogy coming after City of Spades (1958) and before Mr. Love and Justice (1960). These novels are each self-contained with no shared characters.
 On The Water is a monthly American fishing and boating magazine covering both freshwater and saltwater topics. The majority of its articles are submitted by freelance authors usually local fishermen and charter-boat captains. On the Water publishes two versions of the magazine a New England edition and a second dedicated to New York and New Jersey.
 And That's Not All... is a Bananarama videos compilation from 1984 which features the music videos that were to the singles from the Deep Sea Skiving and Bananarama albums. The video also featured two extra tracks The Wild Life a non-UK released single was as well as the Bananarama album track State I'm In which was slated for a single release but was later cancelled. The video also featured snippets and behind the scenes footage of the girls.
 Ricky Gervais Live 2: Politics is the title of a performance by British comedian Ricky Gervais. It was filmed at the Palace Theatre London United Kingdom in 2004.
 Perdues dans New York (English: Lost in New York) is a 1989 made for television film directed by Jean Rollin which is one of his most personal films and has a runtime of just 52 minutes.
 Globodera ellingtonae is one of the potato cyst nematodes and was recently recognized as a new species in the United States. This triggered a quarantine of the fields where it was isolated to prevent the spread of this nematode to other fields.
 Happy Ero Christmas (Hangul: 해피 에로 크리스마스; RR: Haepi ero keurisemaseu) is a 2003 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Korean comedian Cha Tae-hyun (My Sassy Girl) and Kim Sun-a (The Greatest Expectation and Wet Dreams).
 Onnen Maa (in English Land of Happiness) is a 1993 Finnish comedy-drama film set in the 1960s (when tango was all the rage in Finland) by multiple award-winning Finnish director Markku Pölönen.
 The Crooked Web is a 1955 film directed by Nathan Juran. It stars Frank Lovejoy and Mari Blanchard.
 Unsere Lieder (Our Songs) is the twenty-fifth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. This was the first Flippers' album that was produced only by Uwe Busse. It was certified Gold.
 The First Three Minutes: A Modern View of the Origin of the Universe is a book written by Steven Weinberg and published in 1977. It attempts to explain the early stages of the Universe after the Big Bang: from Very Early Universe (Planck epoch ending 10−32 seconds after the Big Bang[citation needed]) to the Early Universe (starting of the Photon epoch from 10 seconds after the Big Bang and over).
 A Chorus of Disapproval is a 1984 play written by English playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
 Halfway Tree is the second album by Jamaican reggae artist Damian Marley.
 The Catholic University Law Review is a student-run quarterly law review published by the Columbus School of Law (The Catholic University of America).
 A Liar's Autobiography: The Untrue Story of Monty Python's Graham Chapman is a 2012 British animated comedy film that is a completely inaccurate portrayal of the life of Monty Python alumnus Graham Chapman. The film is loosely based on A Liar's Autobiography: Volume VI a book written by Chapman and David Sherlock. The film received a limited theatrical release on 2 November 2012 in the United States and aired on the Epix TV channel on the same day.
 The Intruder is an Australian film produced by Frank Howson. The movie had to be abandoned during filming in 1991 due to the financial troubles of Boulevard Films. However the film was completed and released on DVD in 2005.It was also known as Deliver Us from Evil.
 Grammia ursina is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schmidt in 2009. It is found on the Channel Islands off the coast of southern California and in mainland south-western California from Kern County south to San Diego County. It is probably also present in Baja California.The length of the forewings is 15.3 mm for males and 16.7 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is dark brown with buff to yellowish-buff bands.
 Alvania cimex is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The E-Flat Man is a 1935 American short comedy film featuring Buster Keaton.
 Vijaysingh Mohite-Patil http://www.rbcsgroup.com/OT/OT-2006/Dec-2006/Images/interview1.jpgVijaysinh Shankarao Mohite-Patil (born June 12 1944) is a former Deputy Chief Minister of Maharashtra. He was also a Minister for Rural Development.
 Mount Olive is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1897 by H.B. Dixon after his wife Dixon Olive.
 Lincliff is a Georgian Revival house in Glenview Kentucky a small city east of Louisville Kentucky where wealthy Louisvillians began building estates around 1900. Lincliff was built in 1911-1912 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Andy Manar is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate. He represents the 48th district stretches from Sangamon and Macon counties in the north to Madison County to the south and includes all or part of the cities of Blue Mound Carlinville Decatur Hillsboro Litchfield Rochester Springfield Staunton and Taylorville. Prior to his election as a State Senator he was the Chief of Staff to Senate President John Cullerton and the Chairman of the Macoupin County Board.
 The Rivan Codex is a collection of background material to the Belgariad and Malloreon fantasy saga by David and Leigh Eddings. It consists of two bodies of material used in writing the novels one for each series with three informal essays by David Eddings. Belgarath the Sorcerer and Polgara the Sorceress do not have dedicated sections but are referred to in the Eddings' discussions and drew on the material of the first ten books.
 The Lying Stones of Marrakech (2000) is the ninth volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould. The essays were culled from his monthly column The View of Life in Natural History magazine to which Gould contributed for 27 years. The book deals in typically discursive fashion with themes familiar to Gould's writing: evolution and its teaching science biography probabilities and common sense.
 Twice Upon a Rhyme is an LP record by Paul Levinson with Ed Fox and Peter Rosenthal. It was released in 1972 by HappySad Records on vinyl.Twice Upon a Rhyme was recorded on and off from 1969 to 1971. It includes all original material by Paul Levinson writing solo and with collaborating writers. Levinson is the featured artist with Ed Fox and Peter Rosenthal.
 Zwettl Abbey (German: Stift Zwettl) is a Cistercian monastery located in Zwettl in Lower Austria in the Diocese of St. Pölten.
 Ghoria is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Halloween II is a 2009 American horror film written directed and produced by Rob Zombie. The film is a sequel to Zombie's 2007 reboot of the Halloween film series and the tenth installment of the franchise. Picking up where the 2007 film ended and then jumping ahead one year Halloween II follows Laurie Strode as she deals with the aftermath of the previous film's events Dr.
 The Life Burns Tour DVD is a release by Apocalyptica. It was released in July 2006. and contains live concert and music videos by the band.
 Collix patricia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Fiji.
 Mashava (formerly known as Mashaba) is a mining village in Masvingo Province Zimbabwe and is located 40 km from Masvingo. Asbestos was and still is being mined in this small Zimbabwean town.
 Book of Vermilion Fish (simplified Chinese: 朱砂鱼谱; traditional Chinese: 硃砂魚譜; pinyin: Zhūshāyú pǔ; Wade–Giles: Chu-sha-yü-p'u) is the very first monograph on goldfish in the world written by Chinese writer Zhang Qiande (simplified Chinese: 张谦德; traditional Chinese: 張謙德; pinyin: Zhāng Qiāndé; Wade–Giles: Chang Ch'ien-te) (1577－1643) in 1596 during the Ming Dynasty.
 Felimida neona also known as the Neon Sea Goddess is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch; it is a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae. It was described by Ernst Marcus in Brazil in 1955.
 Maljević is a village situated in Mionica municipality in Serbia.
 Stonogobiops yasha the Orange-striped shrimpgoby is a species of goby native to the Western Pacific Ocean where it occurs at depths of from 15 to 40 metres (49 to 131 ft). It inhabits sandy areas along the outer slopes of reefs where it lives in a commensal relationship with the shrimp Alpheus randalli. This species can reach a length of 4.7 centimetres (1.9 in) SL.
 It's Very Stimulating is an EP by MC Paul Barman.
 Tielman Johannes de Villiers Roos (1879 - 28 March 1935) was a right wing South African politician and sometime Cabinet minister.
 Petula Clark's Hit Parade is a compilation album of Clark's biggest hits to date. This unofficial 'greatest hits' album released on Clark's British label Pye was only released in the UK however. The US wouldn't see a 'greatest hits' until Warner Bros. released Petula Clark's Greatest Hits Vol. 1 at the end of 1968. Two of Clark's hit singles previously unreleased on an LP were included on the Hit Parade album; Round Every Corner (#21 US) and You'd Better Come Home (#22 US).
 Blue Light Red Light a big band album by American artist Harry Connick Jr. released in 1991. The multi-platinum album features Connick's vocals and piano accompanied by his 14-piece big band.Connick wrote the music with Ramsey McLean writing most of the lyrics (except for track #4 Jill #5 He Is They Are #10 She Belongs To Me and #12 Just Kiss Me with both music and lyrics by Harry Connick Jr.).
 The Blackfin poacher (Bathyagonus nigripinnis also known as the Blackfin starsnout poacher in the United States) is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers). It was described by Charles Henry Gilbert in 1890. It is a marine boreal water-dwelling fish which is known from the northern Pacific Ocean including Komandorski Island and Avachin Bay in Russia St. Mathew Island in the Bering Sea and Eureka California USA.
 Kerala House is the official state house of Government of Kerala at New Delhi. As each state of India has to maintain a statutory representative and state mission house in the capital to liaison with Central Government on behalf of state Kerala House represents Kerala. The house belongs to Kerala Government who is represented by Hon. Resident Commissioner of Kerala state administration. The house is located in heart of New Delhi city at Jantar Mandir Road.
 Eleutherodactylus ixalus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hanoi Garden is a restaurant in Hanoi Vietnam. It serves Southern Vietnamese cuisine and spicy Chinese dishes and is popular with the local Vietnamese. The restaurant has seating for about 100 people.The Vietnam Economic Times has praised its variety of dishes saying You can't fault the Hanoi Garden in this respect at least. Its bill of fare has page after page of Vietnamese dishes.
 Hilbert is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon just past the southeast limb. It lies just beyond the region of the surface that is occasionally brought into view due to libration and so this feature cannot be observed directly from the Earth.The crater is attached to the southeast rim of the walled plain Pasteur a formation nearly half as large again as Hilbert.
 Dowr (Persian: دور‎ also Romanized as Dūr) is a village in Sand-e Mir Suiyan Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 408 in 75 families.
 Croydon Central Library is Croydon's main public library located inside the Croydon Clocktower in Croydon south London. It is owned by the London Borough of Croydon on behalf of Croydon Council. The library is located on four floors inside the Clocktower. On Level 0 there is the customer service desk and the level includes a large children's library. It was the third-most-used in the UK in 2010.
 Konopne [kɔˈnɔpnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Werbkowice 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Hrubieszów and 97 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 The British Journal of Medical Practitioners (BJMP) is a quarterly international peer-reviewed online medical journal published by JMN Medical Education Ltd UK. BJMP publishes articles in all branches of medicine surgery and allied specialties with particular emphasis on the clinical aspects of each topic. BJMP publishes original research clinical reviews case reports letters to editor and health related news to mention a few.
 Waved Out is Robert Pollard's second solo album released in 1998 on Matador Records.
 Compositions is the fourth album by the American R&B/soul singer Anita Baker. The album peaked at #5 on Billboard 200 and was certified platinum in 1990 making it Baker's third platinum selling album. The album also won the Grammy Award for Best Female R&B Vocal Performance at the 1991 Grammy Awards. Compositions marks the final album and collaboration between Baker and longtime producer Michael J. Powell.
 Mount Zion Methodist Church is located on Primrose Avenue (NY 139) in Somers New York United States. It is a white clapboard-sided church built near the end of the 18th century and heavily renovated around 1860. A century later in 1970 it was severely vandalized.It is the oldest church in Somers and important to the establishment of Methodism in New York as the dominant church in northern Westchester County for much of its history.
 Greenwood Cemetery is a cemetery located in downtown Jackson Mississippi. Still in use it was established by a federal land grant on November 21 1821. It was originally known simply as The Graveyard and later as City Cemetery before the present name was adopted in 1899. It is the final resting place of Confederate generals former governors of Mississippi mayors of Jackson as well as other notable figures the most recent of whom is internationally acclaimed author Eudora Welty.
 Sukhda Misra (born October 15 1941) is a political and social worker and a Member of Parliament elected from the Etawah constituency in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh being a Bhartiya Janta Party candidate.
 The Moroka River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 I Was Made to Love Her is the seventh studio album by Stevie Wonder released on August 28th 1967 under Tamla Records a Motown subsidiary.
 The Dix River is a 79.3-mile-long (127.6 km) tributary of the Kentucky River in central Kentucky in the United States.It begins in western Rockcastle County about 5 miles (8 km) west of Mount Vernon. It flows generally northwest in a tight meandering course passing north of Stanford and east of Danville. Southeast of Danville it is impounded by the Dix Dam to form the Herrington Lake reservoir.
 The Widows of Eastwick is the final novel by John Updike author of the Pulitzer-prize winning Rabbit series. First published in 2008 it is a sequel to his novel The Witches of Eastwick.
 Daniel M. Donovan Jr. (born November 6 1956) is an attorney and elected official from New York City. He currently serves as the district attorney for Richmond County New York (Staten Island).
 Lake Büyükçekmece (Turkish: Büyükçekmece Gölü) is a liman formed at the point where the river Karasudere flows into the Marmara Sea. Located in the south of Çatalca district west of Istanbul Turkey it is used as a freshwater reservoir.The lake's bar was reinforced in 1988 by a dam. The area of the lake is 28.47 km2 (10.99 sq mi) it is 7 km (4.3 mi) long and 2 km (1.2 mi) wide.
 John Edward Bernard Seely 1st Baron Mottistone CB CMG DSO TD PC JP DL (31 May 1868 – 7 November 1947) was a British soldier and politician. He was a Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) from 1900 to 1904 and a Liberal MP from 1904 to 1922 and from 1923 to 1924. He was Secretary of State for War for the two years prior to World War I before being forced to resign as a result of the Curragh Incident.
 Lake Arrowhead is an artificial lake located in the San Bernardino Mountains on Little Bear Creek a tributary of Deep Creek and the Mojave River. It has a surface area of approximately 780 acres (320 ha) and a capacity of 48000 acre·ft (59000 dam3).
 Kuwana Castle (桑名城 Kuwana-jō) is a Japanese castle located in Kuwana northern Mie Prefecture Japan. At the end of the Edo period Kuwana Castle was home to a branch the Matsudaira clan daimyō of Kuwana Domain. The castle was also known as Ōgi-jō (扇城) or Asahi-jō (旭城).
 The First Man (French title: Le Premier homme) is Albert Camus' unfinished final novel.On January 4 1960 at the age of forty-six Camus was killed in a car accident in the Luberon area in southern France. The incomplete manuscript of The First Man the autobiographical novel Camus was working on at the time of his death was found in the mud at the accident site. Camus' daughter Catherine Camus later transcribed the handwritten manuscript to type press and published the book in 1994.
 The Growly Family is an album released in 1998 by psychedelic trance artists G.M.S..
 Attacus paukstadtorum is a moth from the Saturniidae family.
 Eubetia boop is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Sabzak (Persian: سبزك‎ also Romanized as Sabzok; also known as Īshak Chūpān and Sabzeh) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 239 in 62 families.
 Pectinivalva planetis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found along the south-eastern coast of New South Wales.The wingspan is about 5.5 mm for females.The host plant is unknown but probably a Myrtaceae species. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Before I Fall is a 2010 young adult novel written by Lauren Oliver.
 O periergos (Greek: Ο περίεργος) is a 1982 Greek comedy film directed by Omiros Evstratides and starring Stathis Psaltis Mimis Fotopoulos and Kaiti Finou.
 Knowles Memorial Chapel built between 1931 and 1932 is an historic Mediterranean Revival building located on the campus of Rollins College in Winter Park Florida in the United States. On December 8 1997 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. On April 18 2012 the AIA's Florida Chapter placed the Knowles Chapel at Rollins College on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years. 100 Places.
 Beside You in Time is a live home video release by Nine Inch Nails issued in Europe on February 26 2007 and the United States on February 27 2007. The video documents NIN's 2006 Live: With Teeth tour and is available on DVD HD DVD and Blu-ray formats (with no official CD release).
 Galleries is the debut album by The Visionaries an American hip hop group composed of 2Mex LMNO KeyKool DJ Rhettmatic Lord Zen and Dannu.
 Blackbirds is a lost 1920 silent film crime drama produced and distributed by Realart Pictures an affiliate of Paramount. It is based on a 1913 Broadway play Blackbirds by Harry James Smith. A previous 1915 version starred Laura Hope Crews who starred in the play. This version stars beautiful but unknown Justine Johnstone and William Stage Boyd.
 The Ștevioara River is a tributary of the Puru River in Romania.
 Marie Olive Lembe di Sita (born 29 July 1976 in Kailo Maniema Zaire) is the current First Lady of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. She was the long-term fiancée of Congolese President Joseph Kabila whom she married on 17 June 2006 becoming her country's First Lady.In 2001 a daughter was born to the couple Sifa Kabila named after Kabila's own mother and former first lady Sifa Mahanya.
 Sinatra '65: The Singer Today is a 1965 compilation album by Frank Sinatra.The album is a collection of various singles and sessions highlighted by the hits Luck Be a Lady Anytime At All Somewhere In Your Heart Stay With Me and Tell Her (You Love Her Each Day). The version of My Kind of Town featured here is not the edited single version.
 Cheshmeh-ye Seyyed (Persian: چشمه سيد‎) is a village in Ayask Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 18 families.
 Scott Krug (born September 16 1975) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.He graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Green Bay with a degree in Psychology in 2009. He was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2010.The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported recently that Krug collected $10560 from taxpayers on top of his regular legislative salary last year — despite promising voters that he would never claim an additional cent.
 Orthochromis mosoensis is a species of cichlid endemic to Burundi where it is only known to occur in the upper Malagarasi River drainage. This species can reach a length of 7.8 centimetres (3.1 in) SL.
 Grundelbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 My Holocaust is an English novel by Tova Reich. The novel is a satire on commercialization of The Holocaust remembrance.
 Paracles ockendeni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Rosenstraße is a 2003 film directed by Margarethe von Trotta starring Maria Schrader and Katja Riemann. It deals with the Rosenstrasse protest of 1943.
 Mafkarat al Islam or The Islamic memo is a newspaper operating throughout Iraq and surrounding nations. It aims to provide coverage of mujahideen or insurgent activities in the Iraq war against the USA and the New Iraqi Army. The newspaper's writings are often translated and published on [1] making the newspaper available over the Internet. Both sites have been accused of false propaganda and disinformation by the US State Department. [2]
 Bogujevac is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 26 people.
 Paloemeu River is a river in the Sipaliwini District of Suriname. It joins the Tapanahony River at the village of Paloemeu.
 Theraphosa is a genus of tarantula spiders of South America. The three species of the genus are large.
 The Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University formerly the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia is the oldest natural science research institution and museum in the New World. It was founded in 1812 by many of the leading naturalists of the young republic with an expressed mission of the encouragement and cultivation of the sciences.
 Portrait of the Fighter as a Young Man (Romanian: Portretul luptătorului la tinereţe) is a 2010 Romanian drama film directed by Constantin Popescu Jr. It was released at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Teufelshörner (Devil's Horns) are pair of mountains on the German-Austrian border in the Berchtesgaden Alps. The two peaks which form a mountain ridge are the Großer Teufelshorn (Great Devil's Horn 2363 m) and the Kleiner Teufelshorn (Little Devil's Horn 2283 m).
 The Soboșa River is a tributary of the Şicasău River in Romania.
 The Elada Checkerspot (Texola elada) is a species of butterfly in the brush-footed butterfly family Nymphalidae. It is found from southern Mexico north to central Texas and central Arizona in the United States.The wingspan is 22–32 mm (0.87–1.26 in). Adults are on wing from April to October. There are several generations per year.The larvae feed on Siphonoglossa pilosella in Texas. They have been recorded feeding on various yellow Asteraceae species in Mexico. Adults feed on flower nectar.
 Yaqubabad (Persian: يعقوب آباد‎ also Romanized as Ya‘qūbābād) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District Namshir District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 227 in 46 families.
 Symphlebia jalapa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1894. It is found in Mexico.
 The Straitjacket Lottery is a 2004 film from writer/director Doug Karr starring Andy Jones David Huband Tara Slone and Joe Cobden. When Boris Durban loses a busload of mental health patients he’ll resort to any means in order to get them back. This 22 minute comedic short set in urban Nova Scotia is a window into the erratic world of mental health and the thin line between idiosyncrasy and insanity.
 The Paul Londershausen House in Dayton Oregon United States was built in 1921. It is also known as the Walters Residence and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is one block away from the Gottlieb Londershausen House. Both houses were listed on the NRHP with the same name Londerhausen House in 1987.
 Higby Mountain or Mount Higby 892 feet (272 m) is a traprock mountain ridge located 3.75 miles (6.04 km) east of Meriden Connecticut. It is part of the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border. Higby Mountain is known for its high cliff faces unique microclimate ecosystems and rare plant communities.
 Crystal Dragon (クリスタル☆ドラゴン) is an ongoing historical fantasy manga series by Yuho Ashibe. It has been serialized by Akita Shoten in the monthly shōjo manga magazine Mystery Bonita since 1981 and collected in 25 bound volumes as of 2009.Set in Ireland and Roman Britain it is the story of a black-haired girl named Alian (known as the Silver Wheel) and her fight against Bara Evil-Eyes the Gothic warlord who destroyed her home tribe.
 Briarhurst also known as William A. Bell House is a finely grained pink Victorian sandstone manor house in Manitou Springs Colorado. Construction began in 1872 on Briarhurst Manor. Dr. William Bell left for England to marry a woman named Cara who agreed to live with Bell in Colorado as long as her children were born in England. The Tudor Revival style home was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Diwan Bahadur S. Venkataramadas Nayudu was an Indian administrator who served as Diwan of the Pudukkottai state from 1899 to 1909.
 Bever (Weser) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Uncover Me is the seventh album from Canadian singer-songwriter Jann Arden released in 2007. Counterfeit Heart is the only track written by Jann Arden (co-written with SHeDAISY's Kristyn Osborn). Three additional tracks from these sessions Moon River What the World Needs Now and End of the World are available from her Myspace site.
 IEEE Software is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Computer Society covering software processes and practices software project management development tools and infrastructure requirements engineering software design and architecture empirical evaluations of software technologies and techniques human and social aspects of software development programming languages and paradigms development of distributed and enterprise software software testing and software quality.The following individuals have been editor-in-chief of the journal: Bruce Shriver 1983–1986 Ted Lewis 1987–1990 Carl Chang 1991–1994 Alan M. 
 Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. The editor-in-chief is S.G. Lisberger (School of Medicine University of California San Francisco. The journal is sponsored by the International Brain Research Organization.
 Razorback and wild hog are Americanisms loosely applied to any type of feral pig wild boar or cross in North America. Common wild boar (Sus scrofa scrofa) are sometimes called Russian boar or Russian razorbacks. The term Razorback has also appeared in Australia to describe such animals there.
 Victoria Peak is a mountain located in the Sutton Range of the Vancouver Island Ranges. At 2163 m it is the third highest peak on Vancouver Island. The mountain is located on the White River valley and has no mountains of comparable elevation nearby.
 Mochnate [mɔxˈnatɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Hajnówka and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 350.
 W New Orleans is a high-rise building in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana. The building rises 279 feet (85 m). It contains 23 floors and was completed in 1984. W New Orleans is currently tied with Charity Hospital as the 28th-tallest building in the city. It also stands as the 8th-tallest hotel in New Orleans. The architectural firm who designed the building was DMJM. The structure is an example of modern architecture.
 The Good Earth is an album released in 1974 by Manfred Mann's Earth Band.Track 1 was originally done by Gary Wright on his second solo-album while tracks 2 and 3 are originally by Australian progressive rock band Spectrum.Early owners of one copy of this album were entitled to rights over one square foot of the earth situated at Llanerchyrfa in the County of Brecon Wales in Great Britain. The inner sleeve included a coupon that had to be sent for registration.
 Korukollu is a small village in the Kalidindi Mandal of Krishna District in Andhra Pradesh India.Its name used to be Korukolanu. It comes under the Kaikaluru assembly constituency and Eluru Parliamentary constituency. The village is located 400 km from Hyderabad 80 km from Vijayawada 30 km from Bhimavaram and 15 km from Kaikaluru. The main occupation of people in this village is farming (Paddy Aqua). There are three canals supplying water for farm lands.
 Trichoclea was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered a synonym of Anarta.
 Deh-e Bar Aftab-e Sofla (Persian: ده برافتاب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bar Āftāb-e Soflá; also known as Deh-e Bar Āftāb) is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Booster Lake is located in Nopiming Provincial Park in the province of Manitoba Canada. It is located inside the Canadian Shield at an elevation of 320 meters (1050 ft) approximately 56 miles (90 km) northeast of Lac Du Bonnet and sits about 5 miles (8.0 km) west from the Ontario border.
 St. Vincent's Medical Center Southside is a not-for-profit faith-based hospital located in the southern part of Jacksonville Florida. It is a member of St. Vincent's HealthCare and is affiliated with Ascension Health. Founded as St. Luke's Hospital in 1873 it was Jacksonville's first private hospital and is Florida's oldest private hospital.
 Thomas Brackett Reed (October 18 1839 – December 7 1902) occasionally ridiculed as Czar Reed was a U.S. Representative from Maine and Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1889–1891 and also from 1895–1899. He was a powerful leader of the Republican Party and during his tenure as Speaker of the House he served with greater influence than any Speaker who came before and he forever increased its power and influence for those who succeeded him in the position.
 The Irving Langmuir House was the home of physicist-chemist Irving Langmuir winner of the 1932 Nobel Prize during his research career with General Electric. It was declared a National Historic Landmark (NHL) in 1976.
 Mount Chephren is a mountain located in the Mistaya River Valley of Banff National Park Canada.Mount Chephren was named after Chephren the 4th Dynasty Egyptian pharaoh. The mountain was originally named Pyramid Mountain in 1897 by J. Norman Collie but it conflicted with an identically named peak in Jasper National Park so it was renamed in 1918 to its present name.
 Peaceful Journey is the third album by rap group Heavy D & the Boyz.
 Kangaroo is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Samy and produced by V House Productions. The film features newcomers Arjuna Priyanka and Varsha Ashwathi in the lead roles with singer Srinivas composing the film's music. The film is expected to be released in mid 2014.
 Chałków [ˈxau̯kuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipie within Kłobuck County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Lipie 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Kłobuck and 89 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice. The village has a population of 22.
 Dysgonia dulcis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Korea China Japan (Honshu Shikoku Kyushu) the Russian Far East (the Primorye region) and Taiwan.
 Charles F. Nahill Jr. (November 12 1938 – October 4 2009) was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Slišane is a village in the municipality of Lebane Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 245 people.
 Barry Silver (born November 18 1956) is a Florida attorney and politician who served as a member of the Florida House of Representatives.Silver was born to Elaine and Samuel Silver in Mount Vernon New York on November 18 1956.Silver came in first in the primary election held on September 2 1996 to replace Ron Klein in Florida House of Representatives District 89. In October Silver won the Democratic nomination for the in a runoff election over Glenn Wichinsky.
 Frontiers of Health Services Management is an official quarterly magazine of the American College of Healthcare Executives published by their Health Administration Press division.
 Fusus blainvillii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Porgoli-ye Olya (Persian: پرگلي عليا‎ also Romanized as Porgolī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Palkūlī) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 21 families.
 Spiritual State is the third studio album by Nujabes released posthumously as a follow-up to Modal Soul in 2005. The album was incomplete upon Nujabes' death in February 2010 inspiring those close to him to see it finished. Spiritual State was released in Japan on December 3 2011 and February 2012 in the United States.
 No Boundaries is a 2005 album by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo and the English Chamber Orchestra.
 The Bright Mississippi is an album by New Orleans Jazz and R&B pianist Allen Toussaint released on Nonesuch Records in 2009. It was produced by Joe Henry and features various guest artists including Brad Mehldau Joshua Redman and Nicholas Payton.The album title is taken from the 1968 Thelonious Monk song of the same name and features a new version of the song. The album is a unique juxtaposition of modern and traditional jazz tunes with stylistic cues drawn from both worlds.
 Ematheudes michaeshafferi is a species of snout moths in the genus Ematheudes. It was described by J.C. Shaffer in 1998 and is known from Kenya.
 Łęgi [ˈwɛnɡi] (German: Langen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Połczyn-Zdrój 13 km (8 mi) east of Świdwin and 100 km (62 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Pogonomyrmex anergismus is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae. It is endemic to the United States.
 Mnesiloba dentifascia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is known from the Oriental tropics.
 Rips the Covers Off some copies of which are titled Rips Off the Covers is an album by Phil Lewis's version of L.A. Guns their first with guitarist Stacey Blades.The studio portion of the album (songs 1-11) consists of cover songs with guitarist Stacey Blades though songs 12 and 13 are live versions of Revolution and Don't Look at Me That Way with guitarists Keri Kelli and Brent Muscat.A different line-up of L.A.
 Niles Canyon is a canyon in the San Francisco Bay Area formed by Alameda Creek. The canyon is largely in an unincorporated area of Alameda County while the western portion of the canyon lies within the city limits of Fremont and Union City. The stretch of State Route 84 known as Niles Canyon Road traverses the length of the canyon from the Niles district of Fremont to the unincorporated town of Sunol.
 Schloss Straßburg is a castle in Straßburg Carinthia Austria.Today the castle hosts changing museum exhibits and houses several ethnographic collections. On permanent display are rural life objects including rustic furniture kitchen gadgets tools and household equipment a collection of textiles from the mid 19th to mid 20th centuries and a collection of smoking pipes.
 Ptiloniola is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Bad Heart River is a short river in northern Alberta Canada. It is a tributary of the Smoky River.It originates in the Saddle Hills of the Peace River Country north of Sexsmith and south of Rycroft at an elevation of 930 m (3050 ft). After descending the slopes of the Saddle Hills ith is crosses by Highway 2 then flows north-eastward.
 American Movie is a 1999 documentary directed by Chris Smith. The film chronicles the real 1996-1997 making of Coven an independent horror film directed by an independent filmmaker named Mark Borchardt.
 Bord Khun-e Kohneh (Persian: بردخون كهنه‎ also Romanized as Bord Khūn-e Kohneh; also known as Bord Khūng-e Kohneh and Kahneh) is a village in Bord Khun Rural District Bord Khun District Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 579 in 119 families.
 The Cline River is a short river in western Alberta Canada. It flows from Pinto Lake in northern Banff National Park and joins the North Saskatchewan River at Lake Abraham in west-central Alberta.
 Brigadier (Ret.) Julius Maada Wonie Bio (born May 12 1964) is a Sierra Leonean politician who was the military Head of State of Sierra Leone from January 16 1996 to March 29 1996 under the National Provisional Ruling Council (NPRC) military junta government.Bio is currently an active member of the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP) and was its presidential candidate in the 2012 presidential election having won the nomination at the July 31 2011 SLPP national convention held at the Miatta Conference Hall in Freetown.[1][2]. 
 Superjudge is the second full length album by Monster Magnet released on April 6 1993 (see 1993 in music).
 Kakkakuyil is a 2001 Malayalam film produced written and directed by Priyadarshan starring Mohanlal and Mukesh in the lead roles. The film received mixed reviews upon release but became a super hit at the box-office completing 100 days of theatrical run. Kakkakuyil was later remade as London in Tamil with Prashanth Golmaal in Hindi with Ajay Devgn and Thappuchesi Pappukoodu in Telugu with Mohan Babu by different directors.
 Gödel Escher Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid (pronounced [ˈɡøːdəl ˈɛʃɐ ˈbax]) also known as GEB is a 1979 book by Douglas Hofstadter. The tagline a metaphorical fugue on minds and machines in the spirit of Lewis Carroll was used by the publisher to describe the book.By exploring common themes in the lives and works of logician Kurt Gödel artist M. C. Escher and composer Johann Sebastian Bach GEB expounds concepts fundamental to mathematics symmetry and intelligence.
 Khalil Bar (Persian: خليل بار‎ also Romanized as Khalīl Bār) is a village in Aqda Rural District Aqda District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Journal of Rheology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research on all aspects of rheology the study of those properties of materials which determine their response to mechanical force. It is published bimonthly by the Society of Rheology through the American Institute of Physics. The editor-in-chief of Journal of Rheology is John Brady. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2009 impact factor of 2.646.
 Cirque du Soleil: Worlds Away is a 2012 3D film directed by Andrew Adamson. The film premiered on October 20 2012 at the Tokyo International Film Festival and was released theatrically in the United States on December 21 2012. It was released in 2D and 3D. It stars Erica Linz and Igor Zaripov as the main characters and incorporates acts from the seven Cirque du Soleil shows that were running in Las Vegas in 2011: O Mystère Kà Love Zumanity Viva Elvis and Criss Angel Believe.
 Samuel McDonnell (1834 – January 1 1910) was a Canadian politician.Born in St. Andrews County of Antigonish Nova Scotia the son of Donald McDonnell (Garanaich) and Mary Macdonald McDonnell studied law in Antigonish with William Alexander Henry. After being admitted to the Bar in 1862 he practiced law in Port Hood Nova Scotia. In 1863 he was elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly in Inverness.
 New Brighton Tower was a steel lattice observation tower at New Brighton in the town of Wallasey Cheshire (now in the Borough of Wirral in Merseyside) England. It stood 567 feet (173 m) high and was the tallest building in Great Britain when it opened some time between 1898 and 1900. Neglected during the First World War and requiring renovation the owners could not afford dismantling of the tower began in 1919 and the metal was sold for scrap.
 The Midou or Midour (/midu/ Occitan: Midor) is the left precursor of the Midouze in the Southwest of France.
 300 is a historically inspired 1998 comic book limited series written and illustrated by Frank Miller with painted colors by Lynn Varley.The comic is a fictional retelling of the Battle of Thermopylae and the events leading up to it from the perspective of Leonidas of Sparta. 300 was particularly inspired by the 1962 film The 300 Spartans a movie that Miller watched as a young boy. The work was adapted in 2006 to a film of the same name.
 Appistoki Peak (8164 feet (2488 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. . Another peak near to it is Mount Henry.
 Hasankendi is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Three Fact Fader is the second full-length studio album by British shoegazing band Engineers released on 6 July 2009 through the Kscope label. The album was produced by the band along with Ken Thomas who also worked with Sigur Rós M83 and Maps with artwork created by Tom Sheehan.To start promoting the record the band played their first live gig in over two years on 10 July 2009 at the Bush Hall in London. They were joined onstage by special guest Ulrich Schnauss.
 Some Hearts Are Diamonds is the solo album by Chris Norman released in 1986 by Hansa Records. Dieter Bohlen formerly of Modern Talking produced the album and wrote several of the songs.The lead single Midnight Lady was a number one hit throughout much of Europe.
 Sarvadhikari (English title: Dictator) is a Tamil language musical film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and M. N. Nambiar as the villain. The film was released in 1951. It established Nambiar as a major star. It was the 25th film for MGR.
 Carl L. Marcellino (born December 23 1942 in Brooklyn New York) is a member of the New York State Senate. He represents the 5th Senate District which comprises parts of Nassau and Suffolk Counties in Long Island. Marcellino is a Republican who was first elected to the Senate in a special election in March 1995 following the resignation of Ralph J. Marino.Marcellino attended public schools in Queens New York.
 Living in Oblivion is a 1995 low-budget independent comedy-drama film depicting the making of a low-budget independent film written and directed by Tom DiCillo and starring Steve Buscemi Catherine Keener Dermot Mulroney Peter Dinklage and James LeGros.
 Mordellistena coleae is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1917 by George Charles Champion.
 Hoseynabad-e Yarahmadi (Persian: حسين ابادياراحمدي‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Yāraḩmadī) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Nagarangalil Chennu Raparkam (Malayalam: നഗരങ്ങളില്‍ ചെന്ന് രാപാര്കം) is a 1989 Malayalam comedy film starring Sreenivasan Suresh Gopi and Jayaram. It was written by Ranjith and directed by Viji Thampi.The movie was well received by Critics & Audienceespecially the performances of Suresh GopiSreenivasan & Thilakan
 Charles Arthur McCool (February 27 1853 – March 19 1926) was a Canadian politician. He represented the riding of Nipissing in the Canadian House of Commons from 1900 to 1908. He was a member of the Liberal Party.McCool a lumber merchant before entering politics was born in Chichester Canada East (Chichester Quebec) .
 Mayian Dul (Persian: مائين دول‎ also Romanized as Māyīan Dūl; also known as Mādīān Dūl) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 259 in 48 families.
 Petr Baron (Russian: Петр Барон born 28 November 1980 in Moscow) is a Ukrainian financier banker businessman one of the key top-executives in history of VAB Bank.
 Marchocice [marxɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Racławice within Miechów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Racławice 12 km (7 mi) east of Miechów and 35 km (22 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 220.
 Jozef Maria Zacharias (Jef) Valkeniers (Schepdaal Belgium - 29 December 1932) is a physician-neuropsychiatrist and a Flemish politician.
 Marked Woman is a dramatic crime film released by Warner Bros. in 1937. It was directed by Lloyd Bacon and stars Bette Davis and Humphrey Bogart with featured performances by Lola Lane Isabel Jewell Rosalind Marquis Mayo Methot Jane Bryan Eduardo Ciannelli and Allen Jenkins.
 Nawabzada Changez Khan Marri (Urdu: نواب زاده چنگیز خان مری‎) is a Baloch politician from Balochistan Pakistan. He is son of nationalist leader Khair Bakhsh Marri a nationalist who lives in Britain. Nawabzada Changez Marri belongs to Marri Baloch tribe.
 Aleksandar Ranković Leka (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Ранковић Лека; 1909–1983) was a Yugoslav communist of Serbian origin considered to be the third most powerful man in Yugoslavia after Josip Broz Tito and Edvard Kardelj. Ranković was a proponent of a centralized Yugoslavia and opposed efforts that promoted decentralization that he deemed to be against the interests of Serb unity; he ran Kosovo as a police state and made Serbs dominant in Kosovo's nomenklatura.
 Hellinsia serenus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Arizona Utah and California.The wingspan is 23-35 mm. The head is cream-white between the antennae elsewhere more or less brownish. The antennae are white and the palpi are whitish. The thorax and abdomen are pale yellowish the latter with two subdorsal pure white stripes and a slender brown dorsal stripe.
 Laaxersee or Lag Grond is a lake in the village of Laax Grisons Switzerland. Its surface area is 5 ha and maximum depth 5.5 m. Fishing season is from May 1 to September 15. In winter the lake is generally frozen.
 The Parker Homestead is a historic home and grounds in Little Silver Monmouth County New Jersey United States located at 235 Rumson Road near Sickles Park. The main house was originally built circa 1720 and include materials from an earlier structure (c1667) the early and late 19th Century and the 1910s and 1920s. It is one of the oldest extant buildings in the state.
 Willibrordus Ildefonsus Ignatius Willibrord van Beek (born 15 January 1949) is a Dutch politician. As a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie) he was an MP from 19 May 1998 to 19 September 2012. From 8 March till 29 June 2006 he was Parliamentary group leader. He focused on matters of public administration administrative law and the Dutch defense.
 Charaxes gallagheri Gallagher’s Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in central and eastern Zimbabwe and Zambia. The habitat consists of granite-boulder hills in savanna.There are two generations per year with adults on wing from November to December and again from late February to April.The larvae feed on Diospyros natalensis.
 B. L. Buddy Shaw (born September 6 1933) is a retiring Republican member of the Louisiana State Senate from Caddo and Bossier parishes in the northwestern corner of the state. He defeated fellow Republican Billy Montgomery in the November 17 2007 general election to procure the District 37 seat vacated by the term-limited Senator Max T. Malone of Shreveport. Shaw received 7157 votes (57 percent) to Montgomery's 5317 (43 percent)
 Prochola is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family.
 Sławoszew [swaˈvɔʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Kotlin 13 km (8 mi) east of Jarocin and 73 km (45 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Certo certissimo... anzi probabile (Certain Very Certain As a Matter of Fact... Probable; English title Diary of a Telephone Operator) is a 1969 Italian film. It stars Claudia Cardinale and Catherine Spaak.
 Constantiaberg is a large whalebacked mountain that forms part of the mountainous spine of the Cape Peninsula in Table Mountain National Park Cape Town South Africa. It lies about 7 km south of Table Mountain on the southern side of Constantia Nek. The mountain is 927 m high. It is not known who first ascended the peak.Constantiaberg Devil's Peak and Table Mountain are the highest mountains in the range that stretches from Table Mountain all the way to Cape Point.
 Agriotypinae is a Palaearctic subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae. There is only one genus (Agriotypus).The known species are aquatic idiobiont ectoparasitoids of Trichoptera pupae. Agriotypus is uncertainly placed and ranked. It has been placed in Proctotrupoidea and considered a family of Ichneumonoidea.
 Hearts and Flowers for Tora-san (男はつらいよ 寅次郎あじさいの恋 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajirō Ajisai no Koi) is a 1982 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Ayumi Ishida as his love interest or Madonna. Hearts and Flowers for Tora-san is the twenty-ninth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 Approved for Adoption (French: Couleur de peau: miel) is a 2012 French-Belgian animated film based on a comic by Jung and directed by Laurent Boileau and Jung. It was released on 6 June in France. It received a Magritte Award nomination for Best Editing.
 The Delta Discovery is a weekly newspaper serving Bethel Alaska and the villages of the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta and Bristol Bay regions of southwestern Alaska. Its motto is Real news for the real people. (Real people is a rough translation of the indigenous name of the local tribe.)
 Christine Jennings (born November 26 1945) is a self-made banker and businessperson and a Democratic politician in Florida.In 2006 Jennings was the Democratic nominee for the United States Congress to represent Florida's 13th congressional district. The seat was left open when incumbent Katherine Harris ran for the U.S.
 All Things New is the thirteenth studio album from Christian singer Steven Curtis Chapman. It was released on September 21 2004 by Sparrow Records.In 2005 the album won the Grammy Award for Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album; unusually for Chapman however the album did not win the corresponding Dove Award that year (2005) although it had been nominated.The All Thing New concert tour in support of this project featured Casting Crowns and worship leader Chris Tomlin.
 Of Mice and Men is a novella written by Nobel Prize-winning author John Steinbeck.
 Balacra haemalea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holland in 1893. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of CongoEquatorial Guinea and Gabon.
 Shahr-e Koti (Persian: شهركتي‎ also Romanized as Shahr-e Kotī) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 24 families.
 The Witness is a film made in 2000 by James LaVeck and Jenny Stein. The name of LaVeck and Stein's non-profit organization is Tribe of Heart.The film depicts the transformation of a New York City construction contractor with an upbringing where animals were treated with suspicion or indifference to becoming an animal lover and animal rights activist.Jason Longo was the cinematographer and Jane Greenberg did the sound.
 Letters from a Porcupine is a documentary style movie made up of footage from the musical career of the alternative rock band Blind Melon including music videos interviews live performances and home movie footage.Several pieces of footage were filmed by Shannon Hoon and his own video recorder which he was said to have brought everywhere.It also contains unreleased music by the band such as a song dubbed no business.
 The Rare Delight of You is a 2002 album by jazz guitarist John Pizzarelli accompanied by pianist George Shearing and his quintet. Interspersed throughout are some established jazz standards as well as a few traditional pop ballads.
 The Rincon Mountains (O'odham: Cew Doʼag) are a significant mountain range east of Tucson Pima County Arizona in the United States. The Rincon Mountains are one of five mountain ranges surrounding the Tucson valley. The other ranges include the most prominent the Santa Catalina Mountains to the north the Santa Rita Mountains to the south the Tucson Mountains to the west and the Tortolita Mountains to the northwest.
 Samurai Girl: Real Bout High School (召喚教師リアルバウトハイスクール Shoukan Kyoushi Riaru Bauto Hai Sukūru) is a Japanese light novel series written by Reiji Saiga and illustrated by Sora Inoue. It was serialized in Dragon Magazine from 1997 to 2010. A manga adaptation by the same authors was serialized in Monthly Comic Dragon from 1998 to 2001. A 13-episode anime television series was produced by Gonzo in 2001.
 Rhinophylla is a genus of South American bats in the family Phyllostomidae containing these species:Hairy little fruit bat R. alethinaFischer's little fruit bat R. fischeraeDwarf little fruit bat R. pumilio↑
 L'homme orchestre is a comedy film from 1969 directed by Serge Korber written by Jean Halain and starring by Louis de Funès.
 The Han River (simplified Chinese: 汉江; traditional Chinese: 漢江; pinyin: Hàn Jiāng) is a left tributary of the Yangtze River (Cháng Jiāng) with a length of 1532 km (952 mi). Historically it was referred to as Hanshui (simplified Chinese: 汉水; traditional Chinese: 漢水; pinyin: Hànshuǐ) and the name is still occasionally used today.
 The Building at 600 Main Street in Barnstable Massachusetts is a historic commercial building built in 1920. It is a 1.5 story wood frame building whose gable roof is pierced by a three-part dormer surrounded by a balustrade. The building has retained almost all of its original details more so than the nearly-identical building at 595 Main Street which has not.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Czernięcin Główny [t͡ʂɛrˈɲɛnt͡ɕin ˈɡwuvnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turobin within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Turobin 29 km (18 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 638.
 Fast Movin' Train is the fourth studio album by American country music group Restless Heart. It was released by RCA Nashville in 1990. The title track Dancy's Dream When Somebody Loves You and Long Lost Friend were released as singles. The album reached #6 on the Top Country Albums chart and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
 Inside of Emptiness is the seventh studio album by John Frusciante released on October 26 2004 on Record Collection and is the fourth in a series of six releases issued from June 2004 to February 2005. The album features contributions from Josh Klinghoffer and Omar Rodríguez-López.Frusciante notes It's really powerful but in a gentle way. There's a soothing quality. It has hard things on it and even the soft things have a heaviness to them.
 A Single Man is a 2009 drama film based on the novel of the same name by Christopher Isherwood. It is the first film directed by Tom Ford. The film stars Colin Firth who was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of George Falconer a depressed gay British university professor living in Southern California in 1962.The film premiered on September 11 2009 at the 66th Venice International Film Festival and went on the film festival circuit.
 The Puelo River has its origin in a lake of the same name in Argentine territory and flows north-west through the Andes into the Reloncaví Estuary of the Reloncaví Sound at the northern end of the Gulf of Ancud.
 Cady-Copp House is an historic house at 115 Liberty Highway in Putnam Connecticut.The house was built in 1745 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 24 Hours on Craigslist is a 2005 American feature-length documentary that captures the people and stories behind a single day's posts on the classified ad website Craigslist. The film made with the approval of Craigslist's founder Craig Newmark is woven from interviews with the site's users all of whom opted in to be contacted by the production when they submitted their posts on August 4 2003.
 The Museum of the Confederacy is located in Richmond Virginia. The museum includes the former White House of the Confederacy and maintains a comprehensive collection of artifacts manuscripts Confederate imprints (books and pamphlets) and photographs from the Confederate States of America and the American Civil War (1861–1865).In November 2013 the museum's governance was merged with the American Civil War Center at Historic Tredegar.
 Better Halves is a 1916 film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Living in the City is a live album by the progressive bluegrass band Northern Lights. After departure of Jake Armerding the band plays as quartet with guest fiddler Vassar Clements. This would be the lasts album for Taylor Armerding the only founding member of the group.
 The Turia Valley (Spanish: Valle del Turía) is a small valley on the western border of the Cantabrian Mountains in the northwest of Spain which is close to beaches and is divided by two autonomous communities: Asturias and Galicia. It consists of an area of 90 km2 3910 inhabitants and is 200 m above sea level. The two main towns are Puente Nuevo (Galicia) and Taramundi (Asturias).
 This Place Is Painted Red is the first album released by indie rock band Deas Vail. The album was self-released in 2005.
 The Magic of Ju-Ju is an album by Archie Shepp released on Impulse! Records in 1967. The album contains tracks recorded by Shepp Martin Banks Mike Zwerin Reggie Workman Norman Connors Frank Charles Dennis Charles Ed Blackwell and Beaver Harris in April 1967.
 Remember to Dismember is Western Addiction's EP to support the then-upcoming album Cognicide on Fat Wreck Chords.It features two tracks From the Ramparts and Not a Surrender that were not on Cognicide. Remember to Dismember was recorded and mixed by Randy Burk.
 Gabrovo is a very sparsely populated village in Blagoevgrad Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is situated on the eastern slope of Vlahina mountain and very close to the border with Republic of Macedonia.
 H.O.W. Journal is a bi-annual non-profit art & literary journal founded in 2006. It features a mix of prominent contemporary writers and artists alongside upcoming talents in a variety of disciplines—fiction non-fiction poetry and visual art.H.O.W. Journal is published each spring and fall. The next issue Issue 6 is set for release in April 2010. Each issue release is accompanied by a fund-raising event.Currently H.O.W.
 Coralliogalathea humilis is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Galatheidae.
 The Grey-tailed Tattler or Polynesian Tattler Tringa brevipes (formerly Heteroscelus brevipes: Pereira & Baker 2005; Banks et al. 2006) is a small foraging shorebird in the genus Tringa and breeds in northeast Siberia. After breeding they migrate to an area from southeast Asia to Australia.
 Dziechowo [d͡ʑeˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępólno Krajeńskie within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 100.
 Stonewall & Riot: The Ultimate Orgasm is a superhero-pornographic 3D animated film created by Joe Phillips which was released in 2006. It was nominated for a GayVN Award. The film follows the adventures of Stonewall and Riot two gay superheroes living in Eros City who have to investigate a crime and identify the guilty party by interrogating (banging with) every male supervillain in the city.
 Karimabad Nurali (Persian: کريم آباد نورعلي‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād Nūrʿalī; also known as Karīmābād) is a village in Nurabad Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 15 families.
 Christmas Spirit is a Christmas-themed album by Donna Summer released in 1994.
 The Livigno Alps are a mountain range in the Alps of eastern Switzerland and northern Italy around the Italian village Livigno.
 Neohipparion is an extinct genus of equid ungulate.
 Baghana is a village and gram panchayat located near Phagwara in Kapurthala District Punjab India.
 Screaming Eagles is a 1956 black-and-white World War II film directed by Charles F. Haas and released by Allied Artists. It stars Tom Tryon Jan Merlin and was the film debut of Jacqueline Beer a French Miss Universe 1954 runner up. The story is set during the night of the Normandy Invasion where the 101st Airborne Division jumps into France. The title of the film refers to the nickname of the Division based on its shoulder sleeve insignia.
 Leeds General Infirmary also known as the LGI is a large teaching hospital based in the centre of Leeds West Yorkshire England and is part of the Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust. Its previous name The General Infirmary at Leeds is still sometimes used.The first hospital known as Leeds Infirmary was opened in 1771 on what is now the site of the former Yorkshire Bank in Infirmary Street off City Square Leeds.
 Operation: Livecrime (stylized as Operation: LIVEcrime) is a boxed set covering the live performance of the album Operation: Mindcrime by the American heavy metal band Queensrÿche. It was released by EMI in 1991.
 Sinistri is the second album by the Italian experimental rock band Starfuckers released in 1994.
 Bicycle Bride is a comedy film directed by Hassan Zee (Night of Henna) and starring Andreas Wilson Melanie Kannokada Shruti Tewari Jessica Kitchens Rajiv Nema Veronica Valencia and Jonathan Bock. The film opened in San Francisco at the Viz Cinema on June 25 2010.
 Seekers of Happiness is a Soviet propaganda film from 1936 trying to attract Jews for the Jewish Autonomous Oblast (JAO) in the far east of the USSR.Alternative names: A Greater Promise Iskateli schastya (Искатели счастья)
 Victoria Jackson-Stanley (born August 20 1953) is an American politician and the first African-American and the first woman to be elected Mayor of Cambridge Maryland.
 Cosmic Chicken is an album by Jack DeJohnette featuring Alex Foster John Abercrombie and Peter Warren recorded in 1975 and released on the Prestige label.
 Dayere Zangi (Dayere zangi or Dayereh-e zangi) (Persian: دایره زنگی; English: Tambourine‎) is a 2008 Iranian film directed by Parisa Bakhtavar and written by her director husband Asghar Farhadi. It was released in Iran during Nowrooz holidays and was an average gross.
 The Royal Alexandra Hospital for Sick Children is a children's hospital located within the grounds of the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton in the English county of East Sussex. It provides outpatient services inpatient facilities intensive care and a 24-hour emergency care service for children referred by GPs and other specialists.The Royal Alexandra Hospital for Sick Children originally stood on Dyke Road in the Montpelier area of Brighton.
 The Peaceful Pill Handbook is a book giving instructions on how to perform suicide. It was originally published in the U.S. in 2007 and was written by the Australian doctors Philip Nitschke and Fiona Stewart.The book describes legal and moral aspects of suicide and euthanasia and provides how-to instructions for several suicide methods. The primary focus of the book is on peaceful (non-violent and painless) suicide methods that can be used by seriously ill and elderly people.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church complex located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. The oldest part of the complex was built in 1869 as the Gothic Revival style Christ Chapel; it was later redesigned in 1913. The main church was constructed in 1884-1886 in the Victorian Gothic style and features stained glass windows designed by John LaFarge and Tiffany studios.
 Anderson's Mabuya or Nine-keeled Skink Eutropis novemcarinata is a species of skink found in Asia.
 St Hilary's Church Wallasey is in the town of Wallasey Wirral England. It consists of a church built in 1858–59 and the separate tower of a former medieval church. Both the church and the tower are designated by English Heritage as Grade II listed buildings. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Wallasey.
 Hohzuki Island (鬼燈の島 Hoozuki no Shima) is a manga written and illustrated by Kei Sanbe. It was serialized in Square Enix bi-monthly seinen magazine Young Gangan commencing in the first issue of 2008 and running for 27 chapters through issue 14 of 2009 the July 3 2009). It is a horror and suspense story set on a nearly deserted island in Japan where six orphaned or abandoned schoolchildren live alone with their four adult teachers in the decrepit ruin of an old school.
 The Quiet Hype is the electro-pop duo Jupiter Rising's third studio album and was released on March 17 2009 and is what they call their beat heavy dance album by Seventeen magazine.
 Not That Kind is the debut studio album by American recording artist Anastacia released on June 16 2000 by Epic Records. The album features production by Sam Watters Louis Biancaniello Ric Wake Evan Rogers Carl Sturken Rickey Minor and The Shadowmen. Not That Kind failed to make an impact in the United States where it peaked at number 168 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Hoplias australis is a predatory freshwater characin fish of the southern Neotropics.
 HM Prison Oakwood is a Category C prison in the village of FeatherstoneWolverhampton in Staffordshire England. First opened in April 2012 the prison is operated by G4S and is aimed to be in full operation by autumn 2012. Originally called Featherstone 2 and designed to be a titan prison it was downsized to hold up to 1605 prisoners with construction starting in August 2009 and built in a modular fashion the first time this had been done in the UK.
 To Kill the Potemkin (ISBN 978-0917657801) is a novel by Mark Joseph originally published in 1986. As a paperback it spent four weeks on The New York Times bestseller list in July and August 1987.
 The Irish American Heritage Center is a non-profit organization located in Chicago that seeks to enhance the study of Irish culture with programing centered on Irish dance literature heritage music and Irish American cultural contributions to the United States. The center's building in the Irving Park community area houses a library museum art gallery archives auditorium and classrooms as well as an Irish pub and gift shop. Founded in 1976 it opened its building in 1985.
 The strong-tailed oldfield mouse (Thomasomys ischyrus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found only in Peru.
 Love Creeps (2005) is the third novel by American writer Amanda Filipacchi. It was translated into French Italian Dutch Russian Polish and Korean. It tackles issues of love desire obsession and addiction.
 Against Perfection is the first album by British alternative rock band Adorable. It was released in 1993.
 The East Parish Meeting House is a historic church building at 267 Middle Road on the rural east side of Haverhill Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame Greek Revival building was built in 1838 replacing a previous meeting house on the site that was built in 1744. It was used for regular services until 1906 when its congregation merged with the Riverside Memorial Church.
 Robert Craggs-Nugent 1st Earl Nugent PC (1702 – 13 October 1788) was an Irish politician and poet. He was tersely described by Richard Glover as a jovial and voluptuous Irishman who had left popery for the Protestant religion money and widows.
 St Radegund's Priory Cambridge was a Benedictine nunnery in Cambridge Cambridgeshire England. It was founded before 1144 (probably in the late 1130s) and dissolved in 1496 by the initiative of John Alcock Bishop of Ely.Radegund was a 6th-century Frankish princess who founded the monastery of the Holy Cross at Poitiers.
 Please Vote for Me is a 2007 documentary film following the elections for class monitor in a 3rd grade class of eight-year-old children in the Evergreen Primary School in Wuhan China. The candidates Luo Lei Xu Xiaofei and Cheng Cheng compete against each other for the coveted role and are egged on by their teachers and doting parents.
 Arvind Patel is a Bharatiya Janata Party politician and Deputy Mayor of Vadodara India.
 Nowy Świat [ˈnɔvɨ ˈɕfjat] (New World) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulechów within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 The Strange World of Coffin Joe (Portuguese: O Estranho Mundo de Zé do Caixão) is a 1968 Brazilian horror film directed by José Mojica Marins who is known by his alter ego Zé do Caixão (in English Coffin Joe). The film is a collection of three short films titled O Fabricante de Bonecas (The Dollmaker) Tara (Obsession) and Ideologia (Theory).
 The Saffron Finch (Sicalis flaveola) is a tanager from South America that is common in open and semi-open areas in lowlands outside the Amazon Basin. They have a wide distribution in Colombia northern Venezuela (where it is called canario de tejado or roof canary) western Ecuador western Peru eastern and southern Brazil (where it is called canário da terra or native canary) Bolivia Paraguay Uruguay northern Argentina and Trinidad and Tobago.
 Hyposmocoma kahaiao is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui. The species belongs to the amphibious caterpillar guild of the Hyposmocoma genus.
 À la recherche du temps perdu is a 2011 television film by Nina Companéez based on Marcel Proust's seven-volume novel In Search of Lost Time.The two-part film attempts to cover the entire novel with the exception of the first volume Swann's Way—the narrator's childhood and the story of Charles Swann are only briefly mentioned the latter having already been previously adapted as Swann in Love (1984) by Volker Schlöndorff.Critical reception was mixed with e.g.
 One Frightened Night is a 1935 American film directed by Christy Cabanne. The film has entered the public domain.
 Inkwell is a literary journal published by Manhattanville College in Purchase New York. First published in 1995. The journal publishes short stories poetry and essays by both emerging and established writers. Inkwell also hosts annual contests in fiction and poetry.
 Yurii V. Kostenko (Ukrainian: Костенко Юрій Васильович) (born 1945) is a Ukrainian diplomat. Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine to the People's Republic of China.
 Semi-Pro is a 2008 American sports comedy film from New Line Cinema. The film was directed by Kent Alterman and stars Will Ferrell Woody Harrelson André Benjamin and Maura Tierney. The film was shot in Los Angeles near Dodger Stadium (in the gym of the Los Angeles City Fire Department Training Center) in Detroit and in Flint Michigan. It was released in theaters on February 29 2008 and was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on June 3 2008.
 The Glâmbocel River is a tributary of the Budișteanca River in Romania.
 Markavatnet or Markvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county Norway. The 2.28-square-kilometre (0.88 sq mi) lake is located about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of the village of Reipå and the same distance north of the municipal centre of Ørnes. The lake Lysvatnet lies about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) to the east of Markavatnet.
 Rage is a 1972 film starring George C. Scott Richard Basehart Martin Sheen and Barnard Hughes. Scott also directed this drama about a sheep rancher who is fatally exposed to a military lab's poison gas.Nicolas Beauvy is featured as the rancher's doomed son in a cast that also includes Paul Stevens and Stephen Young.
 Charles Grant 1st Baron Glenelg PC FRS (26 October 1778 – 23 April 1866) was a Scottish politician and colonial administrator.
 Microsynodontis nannoculus is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Equatorial Guinea where it occurs in the Kyé River. This species grows to a length of 3.91 centimetres (1.54 in) SL.
 Bazeh Kalagh (Persian: بازه كلاغ‎ also Romanized as Bāzeh Kalāgh) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Vampire Moth (吸血蛾 Kyuketsuki-ga) is a 1956 black-and-white thriller and Japanese film directed by Nobuo Nakagawa. The film is based on novel by Seishi Yokomizo.The plot involves a series of murders where the victims have their necks punctured. This film is said to be the first Japanese film in the vampire genre.
 Bridge Mill Farm also known as Bridge Mill Creamery and Marshall Farm is a historic home and farm located in East Brandywine Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The farm has five contributing buildings and two contributing structures. They are a 1 1/2-story stone grist mill dated to the late-18th century three- to four-story banked farmhouse (1842) three level stone barn Italianate style outhouse (1842) two-story stone and frame carriage house (c.
 Performance is a 1970 British crime drama film directed by Donald Cammell and Nicolas Roeg written by Cammell and starring James Fox and Mick Jagger of The Rolling Stones in his film acting debut. The film was produced in 1968 but not released until 1970. Cammell was heavily influenced by the Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges (a portrait of Borges on a book cover can be seen at a crucial moment in the film).
 Wendy J. Olson is the current United States Attorney for the District of Idaho. She was appointed in 2010 by President Barack Obama replacing Thomas E. Moss. As one of 93 US Attorneys nationwide she represents the United States in all civil and criminal cases within his district.Olson was born in Pocatello Idaho and attended Pocatello High School. For college Olson attended Drake University in Des Moines Iowa graduating with a Bachelor's degree in journalism in 1986.
 Plusargyria was a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is now considered a synonym of Thalaina.
 The St. Clairsville Historic District is located in downtown St. Clairsville Ohio United States. The historic district contains buildings built during the Victorian era. The Belmont County Courthouse St. Clairsville Municipal Building and the Clarendon Hotel are some of the most notable buildings in the district. The district was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on 1994-03-17.
 The F. L. Ames Gardener's Cottage is a small residential house in North Easton Massachusetts. This building was designed in 1884 by noted American architect Henry Hobson Richardson and built the following year. This building sits on the original Ames estate and was designed soon after the neighboring Ames Gate Lodge (also a Richardson design). Fredrick L. Ames also commissioned Richardson to build the nearby Old Colony Railroad Station.
 Batman: Original Motion Picture Score is the score album for the 1989 film Batman by Danny Elfman. According to the Batman DVD Special Edition Elfman said that producer Jon Peters was not sure about him as a composer until Tim Burton made him play the main titles. Elfman admitted he was stunned when Peters announced that the score would be released on its own album as releasing a separate score album for a film was something that was rarely done in the 1980s.
 Tolombeh-ye Vali Asr (Persian: تلمبه ولي عصر‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Valī ʿAṣr) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 7 families.
 The Wild is a 2006 American computer animated family adventure comedy film directed by Steve Spaz Williams produced by Clint Goldman and assistant produced by Jim Burton. It was a C.O.R.E. Feature Animation production distributed by Walt Disney Pictures on April 14 2006 in the United States.
 Turbonilla wrightsvillensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Covenant First Presbyterian Church is a congregation of the Presbyterian Church (USA) located at 717 Elm Street at Eighth Street and Garfield Place in Cincinnati Ohio. Two churches the First Presbyterian and Covenant Presbyterian merged in the 1933 to become the Covenant First Presbyterian Church. The first Presbyterian Church in Cincinnati was on the north side of Fourth Street near Main and was organized October 16 1790.
 Piekary [pjɛˈkarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Mszczonów 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Żyrardów and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 130.
 The O'Connor-Proctor Building on N. Main in Victoria Texas was built in 1895 at cost of $7721. It was designed by architect Paul Helwig and its exterior is St. Louis red brick trimmed with Kerrville white limestone. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.In 2013 it is the headquarters building of the Junior League of Victoria.
 Angadickal is a village in Pathanamthitta district in the state of Kerala India.
 The Third Ear is a book by Chris Lonsdale analyzing human attitudes towards language learning learning with an emphasis on the habits of polyglots. Starting as a native English speaker this summary of their habits is coupled with his own experience of learning two Chinese dialects Mandarin and Cantonese. It was released in January 2006 and reprinted in 2007.
 Firuzi (Persian: فيروزي‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzī) is a village in Fazl Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 10 families.
 Alejandro Alex Padilla (born March 22 1973) is a California State Senator. He was elected as the state senator for California's 20th State Senate district in November 2006 and was inaugurated in early December. Prior to serving in the Senate he served 7½ years on the Los Angeles City Council representing the 7th District. First elected in 1999 he was elected council president in July 2001 and remained president through December 31 2005.
 Archaeornithoides is a genus of maniraptoriform theropod dinosaur of the Late Cretaceous of Mongolia.
 Sexy Beast is a 2000 British crime film and the directorial debut of Jonathan Glazer. Glazer had previously directed music videos and commercials for companies such as Guinness and Levi's. The film stars Ray Winstone Ben Kingsley and Ian McShane.Kingsley's performance earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. In 2004 the magazine Total Film named Sexy Beast the 15th greatest British film of all time.
 Achlya is a genus of water mould.
 Sianak-e Pain (Persian: سيانك پايين‎ also Romanized as Sīānak-e Pā’īn; also known as Seyānak-e Soflá and Sīyānak) is a village in Sofla Rural District Zavareh District Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 9 families.
 William Stolte Sr. House is a historic late 19th-century house in Reedsburg Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is located at 432 S. Walnut St next to William Stolte Jr. House.
 The Muscel River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 John Lawrence (1618–1699) was Mayor of New York City from 1672 to 1674 and again in 1691.
 The Correntes River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Contexts: Understanding People in their Social Worlds is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal and an official publication of the American Sociological Association. It is designed to be a more accessible source of sociological ideas and research and has been inspired by the movement towards public sociology. The journal was established in 2002 by Claude Fischer and is published by SAGE Publications; until 2011 it was published by the University of California Press.
 Widmerpool Hall is a Grade II listed English country house in Widmerpool Nottinghamshire.Situated on the north side of the village it was built in 1872 for Major George Coke Robertson to the designs of Henry Clutton. This neo Gothic manor house was constructed of Bath and Clipsham stone and has an Italianate gargoyle adorned clock-tower without a clock.
 HERO is a men's fashion magazine based in the United Kingdom and distributed worldwide.
 Day-Vandevander Mill also known as the Old Mill at Harman is a historic grist mill located near Harman Randolph County West Virginia. The original structure was built about 1877 and is a mortice and tenon hand hewn post and beam structure. The additions built in the 1920s are studded wall frame construction. The property includes the original mill pond and tail race. It is open as a mill museum.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Pârâul Butucilor is a tributary of the Drahura River in Romania.
 Hannah K. is a 1983 drama film directed by Costa Gavras starring Jill Clayburgh and Gabriel Byrne.
 Doktór Murek (English: Doctor Murek) is a 1939 Polish drama film directed by Juliusz Gardan. It is based on two novels by Tadeusz Dołęga-Mostowicz.
 Estação Brasil is a compilation album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho containing songs by him songs by various Brazilian artists and one new song (Nesse Brasil cabôco de Mãe-Preta e Pai João). It was released in 2003.
 Białowieża [bjawɔˈvjɛʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamiennik within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Kamiennik 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Nysa and 58 km (36 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Syntypistis victor is a species of moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in China (Beijing Liaoning Hubei Shaanxi).
 Enviro-Capitalists: Doing Good While Doing Well is a 1997 book written by economists Terry Lee Anderson and Donald R. Leal. In this book Anderson and Leal further developed the concept of free market environmentalism which they first described in their 1992 book Free Market Environmentalism.
 Kesecik is a village in the District of Besni Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 The Tsna is a river in Brest Region Belarus approximately 126 km (78 mi) long. It is a left tributary of the Pripyat River.
 Sweet Mama is the sixth full-length album by Canadian rock band The Respectables. It was released in 2009 by Universal Music Canada.The first single from this album was Sugar feat. Gordie Johnson and it was followed by Sweet Mama.
 Mozaffar Kola (Persian: مظفركلا‎ also Romanized as Moz̧affar Kolā) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 364 in 93 families.
 The Riverside County Regional Medical Center or RCRMC is a public teaching hospital located at 26520 Cactus Avenue Moreno Valley California United States operated by the County of Riverside. It is classified as a Level II Adult & Pediatric Trauma Center.Founded in 1893 and originally located in downtown Riverside California the hospital has since relocated.
 Onnenpyörä (Finnish for Wheel of Fortune) is a live cover album by Sielun Veljet under four different aliases released in 1988.
 Maradana fuscolimbalis is a species of snout moths. It is found on Sardinia and Malta and in Tunisia.The wingspan is about 19 mm.
 Gold Mountain is a 1761-foot (537 m) peak on the Kitsap Peninsula of Washington state in the United States' Pacific Northwest. It is the highest point on the Kitsap Peninsula and the highest point in Kitsap County Washington and nearby 1639-foot (500 m) Green Mountain is the second-highest point. It lies within the boundaries of the 6000-acre (2400 ha) Green Mountain State Forest and adjacent to the City of Bremerton watershed.
 Billy & Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure is the first Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy television movie the second one being Billy & Mandy: Wrath of the Spider Queen. It was also released on DVD. It premiered in the U.S. on March 30 2007 and in the U.K. on February 14 2007.
 Le Marron is a restaurant in Malden Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2007–present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Owner and head chef of Le Marron is Ysbrandt Wermenbol who opened the restaurant in 2005.
 Nenjil Or Aalayam (English: A temple in the heart) is a 1962 Indian Tamil tragedy-drama film written and directed by C. V. Sridhar. The film stars R. Muthuraman Kalyan Kumar and Devika in the lead roles.
 Wild Things Run Fast is Joni Mitchell's eleventh studio album and her first for Geffen Records. Released in 1982 it represents her departure from jazz to a more 80s pop sound.The resulting world tour took Mitchell through the U.S. Europe Asia and Australia. A video of the tour was released in 1983 entitled Refuge of the Roads. The recorded performances were not live but recorded in a studio once the tour had been completed with applause dubbed-in in post production.
 K G Suresh is a New Delhi-based Senior Journalist Columnist Blogger political commentator and media educator. He is currently working as Director and Chief Editor with Global Foundation for Civilizational Harmony (India) a partner of the United Nations Alliance of Civilizations(UNAOC).He is also serving as Adjunct Professor at the Makhanlal Chaturvedi National University of Journalism and Communication Bhopal run by the Government of Madhya Pradesh.He is also the Hony.
 From Prada to Nada is an American romantic comedy film directed by Angel Gracia and produced by Gary Gilbert Linda McDonough Gigi Pritzker and Chris Ranta. The plot was conceived from Jane Austen's Sense and Sensibility.
 Waylla (Aymara Stipa obtusa a kind of feather grass hispanicized spelling Guailla Huailla) is a mountain in the Andes located on the border of Bolivia and Chile in the Cordillera Occidental.It consists of two peaks Waylla East (Guailla Oriente Huaila Oriental Huailla Oriental) and Waylla West (Guailla Occidente Huailla Occidente). The distance between the peaks is about 3 km.
 The Rochdale Pioneers is a British biographical feature film released in 2012 that tells the story of the foundation of the first successful cooperative retail store by working class members of the Rochdale Society of Equitable Pioneers in 1844. This came at a time of chronic unemployment poverty hunger and social inequality and it was met with prejudice and opposition.A documentary The Making of 'The Rochdale Pioneers' was also created to accompany the film.
 Jet is an American weekly marketed toward African-American readers founded in 1951 by John H. Johnson of Johnson Publishing Company in Chicago Illinois. Initially billed as The Weekly Negro News Magazine Jet is notable for its role in chronicling the early days of the American Civil Rights movement from its earliest years including coverage of the Emmett Till murder the Montgomery Bus Boycott and Martin Luther King Jr.
 Kędrzyno [kɛnˈdʐɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemyśl within Kołobrzeg County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Siemyśl 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Kołobrzeg and 93 km (58 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Ctenopoma is a genus of climbing gouramies native to Africa. Microctenopoma has been included in Ctenopoma in the past.
 Pennsylvania Railroad Old Bridge over Standing Stone Creek also known as Conrail Old Bridge over Standing Stone Creek is a historic multi-span stone arch bridge spanning Standing Stone Creek and located at Huntingdon Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built by the Pennsylvania Railroad between 1848 and 1850. It was in use until 1892 when the main line was relocated onto the former Pennsylvania Canal bed.
 The Ruggles River is a waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located within Ellesmere Island's Quttinirpaaq National Park. The river is the only outflow for Lake Hazen. It flows southeast to Chandler Fiord and out to Lady Franklin Bay. The river drops 157 m (515 ft) in elevation between its source and its mouth. At less than 1.5 m (4.9 ft) deep it is quite shallow. Except during very cold years the Ruggles River remains partially open all year long.
 The Cathedral Church of St. Catharine of Siena is the seat of the Diocese of Allentown. It is located at 1825 Turner Street Allentown Pennsylvania United States.
 Willa Cather's A Lost Lady was first published in 1923. It tells the story of Marian Forrester and her husband Captain Daniel Forrester who live in the Western town of Sweet Water along the Transcontinental Railroad.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 439 in 112 families.
 Kekko Kamen (けっこう仮面 Kekkō Kamen sometimes romanized as Kekkou Kamen Kekko Masked Mask of Kekkou or Mask the Kekkou and translated as Splendid Mask) is originally a shōnen manga series from Japanese creator Go Nagai which spawned an OVA series and several live-action films. The manga series is about the misadventures of a student named Mayumi Takahashi who attends a boarding school called Toenail of Satan's Spartan Institute of Higher Education that is run by sexual predators.
 Familiar to Millions is a live album by the British rock band Oasis. It was recorded at Wembley Stadium on 21 July 2000. It debuted at No. 5 in the UK charts with 57000 copies sold in the first week. To date Familiar to Millions has sold around 310000 copies in Britain alone (Platinum) about 70000 copies in the US and an estimated 1 million copies worldwide. The album was initially released simultaneously on six formats: DVD VHS CD double cassette triple vinyl and MiniDisc.
 The Distance to Here is the fourth studio album by the band Live released in 1999. It debuted at #4 on the Billboard 200 selling 138000 copies in its first week and was certified Platinum by the RIAA on November 19 1999.
 Saurita vindonissa is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Ecuador.
 The Negrilești River is a tributary of the Deju River in Romania.
 Ibrahim Spahić (born 10 May 1952 in Sarajevo) is the President and Director of the X Biennial of Young Artist of Europe and the Mediterranean.
 The Chinese General Hospital stands unique among the hospitals of Manila. It is one of the oldest being founded in Spanish colonial times. It was founded purely from charitable donations of well-meaning Chinese immigrants and it has steadily grown in fame and service in its 113 years of existence.One key to the hospital's success is the backing of a strong association the Philippine Chinese Charitable Association or PCCA.
 Scott W. Ecklund is an American politician and a Republican member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 25 since January 11 2013.
 Acrobasis hollandella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Ragonot in 1893. It is found in Japan.
 Jõemetsa is a village in Lohusuu Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Crazy and Mixed Up is a 1982 (see 1982 in music) album by the American jazz singer Sarah Vaughan.
 Lalla Rookh is an Oriental romance by Thomas Moore published in 1817. The title is taken from the name of the heroine of the frame tale the daughter of the 17th-century Mughal emperor Aurangzeb. The work consists of four narrative poems with a connecting tale in prose.
 Devdas is an Bengali film based on the Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay novel Devdas. This is the second Bangladeshi and fifth Bengali version of the story. It is also the first colour film version of the story in Bangladesh.
 Gul Lasht Zom is a snowy pinnacle easily visible from any vantage point on the Tirich Glacier from the Shagroom side. It lies in the Hindu Kush range of Pakistan. It offers easy climbing and was first climbed by Kurt Diemberger of Austria.
 The Boy Who Stopped Talking or De Jongen Die niet meer Praatte is a 1996 Dutch film directed by Ben Sombogaart.
 Nathan Smith (January 8 1770 – December 6 1835) was a United States Senator from Connecticut.
 Saint Thomas Episcopal Church and Rectory is an historic Episcopal church located on Putnam Pike in the village of Greenville in Smithfield Rhode Island.Resolved Waterman donated land for the church. Prominent architect Thomas Alexander Tefft built the church in 1851 and it opened on February 5 1851 consecrated March 9 1852. According to The History of the State of Rhode Island Rev. James H. Eames was chosen rector at its organization and remained until March 8 1857.
 Scarlet Street was an American film magazine that primarily specialized in the genres of horror mystery and film noir. Its initial concentration was on Sherlock Holmes and related film and television productions but later its subject matter expanded to include a variety of other genres.The title was chosen to reference several of its chosen fields: mystery and film noir (from the film of the same name) and Sherlock Holmes (from A Study in Scarlet).
 Oramel Hinckley Simpson (March 20 1870 – November 17 1932) was an American politician from the U.S. state of Louisiana. He became the 39th Governor of Louisiana in 1926 upon the death of his predecessor Henry L. Fuqua. He was defeated – he ran third in the critical Democratic primary – in his bid for a full term in 1928 by the legendary Huey Pierce Long Jr. of Winnfield the seat of Winn Parish.Simpson was born in Washington a small town in St.
 Richard Anthony Paez (born May 5 1947) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
 The Adams-Clarke House is a historic late First Period house at 93 W. Main Street in Georgetown Massachusetts. The 2.5 story colonial house was probably built by Isaac Davis sometime after he bought the land in 1716. Its oldest section is the chimney and right side rooms with the left side rooms added not long afterward. The house exterior was refashioned in Federal style c.
 Dahaneh-ye Meymand (Persian: دهنه ميمند‎ also Romanized as Dahaneh-ye Meymand; also known as Sar Dahaneh-ye Meymand) is a village in Fareghan Rural District Fareghan District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 203 in 58 families.
 The club naiad clubshell pearly mussel or clubshell scientific name Pleurobema clava is a species of freshwater mussel an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae the river mussels.This species is endemic to the United States.
 The Mölssee or Lake Moels can be found at the upper part of the Wattental valley at a height of 2240 metres. With an area of 0.0346 km² it is one larger lakes in the area. The lake can be reached by following the Wattental Road beginning in Wattens. Then above the Moels Alp the lake may be gained by walking up a pretty steep trail heading for the Moels col (Mölser Scharte).
 The Art Gallery of Sudbury is an art gallery in Sudbury Ontario.Established in 1967 by the city's chamber of commerce under the Canadian Centennial centennial projects the gallery is located in the historic turn of the century arts and crafts movement Belrock Mansion of William J. Bell an early lumber baron in the city and philanthropist.
 Meridian Condominiums is the 19th tallest building in San Diego California and is a prominent fixture in San Diego's skyline. It has a height of 371 ft (113 m) and contains 172 units. Located at the southwest corner of Kettner Boulevard and A Street in the Horton Plaza district of Downtown San Diego Meridian Condominiums is a 28-story building that utilizes a modern architectural style designed by the architect firm Maxwell Starkman & Associates.
 Stara Morawa [ˈstara mɔˈrava] (German: Alt Mohrau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. In 1975–1998 it belonged to Wałbrzych Voivodeship. Until 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Stronie Śląskie 24 kilometres (15 mi) south-east of Kłodzko and 95 kilometres (59 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 110.
 The Abloux is a 49.6 km (30.8 mi) long river in the Creuse and Indre départements central France. Its source is at Bazelat. It flows generally northwest. It is a right tributary of the Anglin into which it flows at Prissac.
 Brokedown Palace is Steven Brust's only stand-alone novel set in Dragaera. It was originally published as a paperback original by Ace Books in 1986 and reprinted several times over the next decade. A British edition appeared in 1991. Orb an imprint of Tor Books brought the novel back into print in trade paperback in 2006. It is also notable for being set in Fenario the human-populated portion of that world.
 Hammered is the second album released by the Wicked Tinkers.It contains the music of the Highlands of Scotland along with Irish Canadian and even American tunes rounding out the repertoire.
 Song for Marion (released in the United States as Unfinished Song) is a 2012 British-German comedy-drama film written and directed by Paul Andrew Williams and starring Terence Stamp Gemma Arterton Christopher Eccleston and Vanessa Redgrave.The film was nominated for three awards—Best Actor Best Screenplay and Best Supporting Actress—at the 2012 British Independent Film Awards.
 Lohrville is a village in Waushara County Wisconsin United States. The population was 402 at the 2010 census.
 How I Learned to Love Women (Italian: Come imparai ad amare le donne French: Comment j'ai appris à aimer les femmes German: Das gewisse Etwas der Frauen also known as Love Parade) is a 1966 Italian-French-German comedy film directed by Luciano Salce.
 Arctomelon tamikoae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 Éric Woerth (born 29 January 1956) is a French politician.
 The Palmer Mansion constructed 1882–1885 at 1350 N. Lake Shore Drive was once the largest private residence in Chicago Illinois located in the Near North Side neighborhood and facing Lake Michigan. It was designed by architects Henry Ives Cobb and Charles Sumner Frost of the firm Cobb and Frost and built for Bertha and Potter Palmer. Palmer was a prominent Chicago businessman who was responsible for much of the development of State Street.
 Attack From Atlantis (1953) is a Science fiction novel written by Lester del Rey. The story follows the new U.S.S. Triton submarine on her maiden voyage but trouble happens when the crew comes face to face with the inhabitants of the underwater city Atlantis. Attack from Atlantis is a part of the Winston Science Fiction set a series of juvenile novels. The story is set partly on the atomic powered submarine Triton.
 Newspaper Boy is a Malayalam–language Indian film released in 1955. The film a drama of stark realism narrates the life of the common man on the street. The film is noteworthy in that the entire production programme from script-writing to direction was controlled and executed by students. The group of students were from Adarsh Kalamandir and was written and directed by P. Ramdas. The screenplay was based on a short story written by Ramadas himself.
 Mileszewy [milɛˈʂɛvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonowo Pomorskie within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 My Own is the second album released by Young Bleed. It was released on February 1 2000 on Priority. My Own reachedP #61 on the Billboard 200 and #17 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. After the release of this album he would later resurface on West Coast Mafia Records.
 Lycodryas is a genus of lamprophiid snake. Eight species are endemic to the island of Madagascar and two to the Comoros Islands. They are harmless to humans.
 The Squatter's Daughter is a 1910 Australian silent film based on the popular play by Bert Bailey and Edmund Duggan.
 Półwieś [ˈpuu̯vjɛɕ] (German Ebenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo within Iława County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 The Valea cea Mare River is a tributary of the Bicaci River in Romania
 Torn is the fourth book in The Missing series by Margaret Peterson Haddix. It was released on 23 August 2011.
 Muryongsan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 1492 metres.
 Attack of the Attacking Things is the debut album by American rapper Jean Grae. It was recorded at Da Crib Of Hitz H.A.H and Project Heat Studios in New York City.
 Aïnoumane is a village in Senegal.
 The Valea Domnilor River is a tributary of the Sărand River in Romania.
 Once You Meet a Stranger is a 1996 Warner Bros. Television thriller directed by Tommy Lee Wallace. It is a remake of Alfred Hitchcock's Strangers on a Train. Yet in the remake the genders of the principal characters have been switched from male to female. It stars Jacqueline Bisset and premiered on CBS on 25 September 1996.
 The Cancer Survivors Club is a collection of cancer survival stories. Each story is written from the cancer survivor's own perspective.
 Vitalogy is the third studio album by the American grunge band Pearl Jam released on November 22 1994 through Epic Records. Pearl Jam wrote and recorded Vitalogy while touring behind its previous album Vs. (1993). The music on the record was more diverse than previous releases and consists of aggressive rock songs ballads and several experimental tracks.Vitalogy was packaged in a booklet that replicated material from a 1920s medical book of the same name.
 The Pârâul lui Găman is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Elk Mountain elevation 11424 ft (3482 m) is a summit in the Rabbit Ears Range of northern Colorado. The mountain is 13 mi (21 km) northwest of Granby in the Arapaho National Forest.
 Onlysee is the debut album of Australian recording artist Sia Furler released in 1997 after leaving the Adelaide based acid jazz band Crisp. Unlike her later albums OnlySee was marketed under her full name instead of simply Sia. It was produced by Jesse Flavell and released by the Australian record label Flavoured Records. The song Soon was re-recorded by Sia as Sober and Unkissed and featured on her album Healing Is Difficult. OnlySee is currently out of print.
 The East Anglia Transport Museum is an open air transport museum with numerous historic public transport vehicles (including many in full working order). It is located in Carlton Colville a suburb of Lowestoft Suffolk. It is the only museum in the country where visitors can ride on buses trams and trolleybuses as a well as a narrow gauge railway.
 Maedeli la brèche is a 1980 Belgian short film written and directed by Jaco Van Dormael. The short film was shot in 1980 in Belgium with a Super 35 camera. The film starred Nico d'Oreye Julie Dubart Colette Forton Marie-José Mgank and Jean-François Dufranne. The original music score was written by Pierre Van Dormael Jaco's brother. Van Dormael wrote the film while he was a student at the INSAS in Brussels.
 Sibu crater is an impact crater lying situated within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region on the surface of the planet Mars located in the Valles Marineris hemisphere in an area southeast of the Jones crater.It is located at 23.3°S 19.8°W﻿ / -23.3; -19.8﻿ (Sibu) and is 17.63 kilometres in diameter. It was named after the town of Sibu in Sarawak Malaysia in 1976.
 Waldhäuserriegel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Matt Aragon is the sixth full length album from San Diegan punk band Dogwood.
 The Mount Airy Forest in Cincinnati Ohio was established in 1911. It was one of the earliest if not the first urban reforestation project in the United States. With nearly 1500 acres (610 ha) it's the largest park in Cincinnati's park system.
 American Ninja 3: Blood Hunt is a 1989 martial arts action movie starring David Bradley written by Gary Conway and directed by Cedric Sundstrom.
 The World Has Made Me the Man of My Dreams is the seventh studio album by the American musician Meshell Ndegeocello. The album was released in August 2007. Five of the tracks were previously released on Meshell's 2006 EP The Article 3.In the U.S The World Has Made Me The Man Of My Dreams peaked at #186 on the Billboard 200 Albums chart and #60 on Billboard's Top R&B Album chart.
 Beauty is a 2009 Japanese drama film directed by Toshio Gotō. The film explores themes of love beauty kabuki and the strength of human spirit. It was entered into the 31st Moscow International Film Festival.
 Levee Town is the 5th studio album by Sonny Landreth. Released on Sugar Hill Records Oct. 17 2000 and re-released in an Expanded Edition on Landreth’s own LandFall Records April 21 2009.
 Forty Reasons is the first studio album by drummer Chad Wackerman released in 1991 through CMP Records; it was later reissued together with Wackerman's 1993 album The View as a limited edition double-disc compilation.
 Adolfo E. Carranza is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 The Glăvan River is a tributary of the Buhui River in Romania.
 Lies of the Twins is a 1991 film directed by Tim Hunter.
 William Henry Brouse (June 15 1824 – August 23 1881) was a Canadian physician and politician.Born in Matilda Township Dundas County Upper Canada of German ancestry he attended Upper Canada Academy in Cobourg Canada West in 1839 Victoria College until 1845 and received his Doctor of Medicine degree in 1847 from McGill College.He was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons representing the Ontario riding of Grenville South in the 1872 federal election.
 Lady General Hua Mulan is a 1964 Hong Kong Huangmei opera musical film directed by Yueh Feng depicting the story of Hua Mulan.
 RocknRolla is a 2008 British crime film written and directed by Guy Ritchie and starring Gerard Butler Tom Wilkinson Thandie Newton Mark Strong Idris Elba Tom Hardy and Toby Kebbell. It was released on 5 September 2008 in the UK hitting #1 in the UK box office in its first week of release.
 Luis C. Morse (born May 20 1940) is a retired American politician.Morse previously served as a Representative in the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida. He currently lives in Miami Florida with his family.[1]
 The Mabee-Gerrer Museum of Art is a non-profit art museum located on the campus of St. Gregory's University in Shawnee Oklahoma USA and operates independently of near-by St. Gregory's University.
 Eden is a 1976 play by American playwright Steve Carter. Set in the 1920s it is the first of Carter's Caribbean trilogy. Eden explores intra-racial conflicts between recent immigrants from the Caribbean and the African-American population. The West Coast premiere of this critically acclaimed play received five Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Awards.
 The Long-winged Antwren (Myrmotherula longipennis) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The Cheshire County Courthouse located at 12 Court St. in Keene New Hampshire is the center of government of Cheshire County New Hampshire. Construction on the courthouse began in 1858 and it was first used in 1859.
 Girolamo Sirchia (born September 14 1933) is an Italian physician and politician.Sirchia was born in Milan. He is married and has two daughters. He obtained a medical degree at University of Milan specializing in Internal Medicine and Immuno-hematology.He was Italian Minister of Health from June 2001 to April 2005 and he is known first for a smoking ban (Sirchia law) in all indoor public places.
 Sinogastromyzon is a genus of hillstream loaches native to eastern Asia. IUCN has assessed conservation status of 14 Sinogastromyzon species. Of these ten are considered Data Deficient three of Least Concern and one (S. puliensis) Vulnerable.
 Jifar is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Marco Antonio Rigau Jiménez (born August 16 1946) is a Puerto Rican politician and attorney affiliated to the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). He served as a member of the Senate of Puerto Rico from 1989 to 1997.
 Sunday 7 PM is a 1990 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Shaji Kailas for producer Basheer Changanassery starring Saikumar Lalu Alex Silk Smitha Sulakshana and Nimmy Daniels. Shaji Kailas started News simultaneously with Sunday 7 PM but News became his debut release followed by Sunday 7 PM.
 Ǵorge Ivanov also transliterated as Gjorge (Macedonian: Ѓорге Иванов pronounced [ˈɟɔrɡɛ ˈivanɔf]; born May 2 1960) is the President of the Republic of Macedonia in office since 2009.
 Mazraeh-ye Razavi (Persian: مزرعه رضوي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Raẕavī; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Raẕavīyeh) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lędyczek [lɛnˈdɨt͡ʂɛk] (formerly German: Landeck in Westpreußen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Okonek within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Okonek 21 km (13 mi) north of Złotów and 126 km (78 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 526.
 The Independent Media Center (also known as Indymedia or IMC) is a global participatory network of journalists that report on political and social issues. It originated during the Seattle anti-WTO protests worldwide in 1999 and remains closely associated with the global justice movement which criticizes neo-liberalism and its associated institutions.
 Remedy Club Tour – Live is a second live album/DVD and eighth overall by American band David Crowder Band. The album was released on August 19 2008. It was recorded live on the band's club tour across America which took place after the release of their album Remedy.
 Gastromyzon venustus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Gastromyzon.
 John Henry an American Legend is a 1971 children's picture book by American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats In this book It shows that John Henry a hard working miner tries to beat the steam drill. He used a 20 pound hammer against a steam drill. Whoever won would get 100 dollars and new clothes. In the end John Henry won the competitionbut he also broke inside. He puts his hammer on top of his chest and dies in honor. A man ain't nothin' but a man.
 Style is the sixth studio album by Japanese recording artist Namie Amuro and her first in over three years. This album follows her crossover into R&B/Hip-Hop from the Suite Chic project. Although Amuro has always dabbled with R&B beats this is her first solo album to predominantly feature the actual style.
 Leo's Tavern (Irish: Tábhairne Leo original and official name) is a restaurant and pub in the Donegal Gaeltacht best known as the home of music artists Clannad Enya and Moya Brennan. The pub opened in 1968 and held Irish traditional music sessions nightly becoming the musical starting block for the children of Leo Brennan the pub's founder. The current proprietor is Bartley Brennan one of the youngest of the Brennan siblings.
 Odostomia pilsbryi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Derbent is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 386 people.
 The John Winthrop Jr. Iron Furnace Site is a historic site at 61 Crescent Street Quincy Massachusetts. The site is called Braintree Furnace in some texts; the West Quincy location at the time of operation was in a part of Braintree Massachusetts that later became Quincy. Its importance lies in the fact that it was the first iron blast furnace established in what would become the United States.
 Snowden Hall is a historic home located on the grounds of the Patuxent Wildlife Research Center outside Laurel in Prince George's County Maryland United States. It stands on open rolling ground approximately ¾-mile west of the Patuxent River.
 Akören is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Monographs in Systematic Botany also known as Monographs in Systematic Botany from the Missouri Botanical Garden is a series of monographs relating to the study of systematic botany. It is published by the Missouri Botanical Garden Press.Monographs in Systematic Botany was established in 1978. By 2010 a total of 120 issues had been published approximately 15% of which relating to the flora of Latin America are published in Spanish.
 The Cathedral Church of the Redeemer is located in the city centre of Calgary Alberta. It is the seat of the Anglican Diocese of Calgary.The original Church of the Redeemer a wood frame building erected just east of the present site was completed and opened for worship August 3 1884. It was the first Anglican church to be constructed in what is now the Diocese of Calgary.
 Westwind is a 1990 novel written by Ian Rankin and is one of the author's earliest works. The author has explained on his website that he was not happy with the outcome and unlike other early works by Rankin it has not been reissued.
 Maarouf Saad (Arabic: معروف سعد‎) (1910 or 1914–6 March 1975) was a Lebanese politician and activist. He served as Sidon's representative in the Parliament of Lebanon between 1957 and 1972. He founded the Popular Nasserite Organization in 1973. Saad was known to have a charismatic and populist relationship with the residents of Sidon and the adjacent Palestinian refugee camps according to historian Samir Khalaf.
 Pudong International Information Port (Chinese: 浦东国际信息港) is a skyscraper in the Lujiazui financial district of Shanghai China. It is 211 m high has 40 stories and was completed in 2001.
 Chaplin Historic District in Chaplin Connecticut is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1978.It includes the Witter House which is separately NRHP-listed.
 Rio Minho redirects here. For the river of that name in Jamaica see Rio Minho (Jamaica)Minho (Portuguese: [ˈmiɲu]) or Miño (Spanish: [ˈmiɲo] Galician: [ˈmiɲo]) is the longest river in Galicia Spain with a length of 340 km (210 mi).The name comes from Latin minius meaning cinnibar lead or vermillion essentially the red river.[citation needed] The Minno waters vineyards and farmland is used to produce hydroelectric power and also delineates a section of the Spanish–Portuguese border.
 Cuba is a 1979 film directed by Richard Lester and starring Sean Connery portraying the build-up to the 1958 Cuban Revolution.Connery is as a British mercenary who travels to Cuba which is on the brink of revolution with the authority of dictator Fulgencio Batista steadily collapsing. Connery encounters a former lover there (Brooke Adams) who is neglected by her Cuban husband (Chris Sarandon).
 The Varasău River is a tributary of the Valea Fânețelor in Romania.
 The Railroad Man's Magazine was a pulp magazine which first published in October 1906 founded by Frank Anderson Munsey. A railroad man born in Maine in 1854 he moved to New York City in 1892 where he authored a few books and published periodicals and newspapers in many cities. The magazine's first offices were located in the Flatiron Building in New York City.
 Piz Mundin is a mountain of the Samnaun Alps located between Samnaun and Martina in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. With an elevation of 3146 metres above sea level Piz Mundin is one of the highest summits in the Samnaun Alps.
 Par Surakh (Persian: پرسوراخ‎ also Romanized as Par Sūrākh; also known as Parreh Sīlā and Parreh Sūrākh) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 17 families.
 Extraña invasión released in English as Stay Tuned for Terror is a 1965 Argentine film.
 Worlds Away is a 1990 album by Crumbächer-Duke. After Crumbächer broke up Stephen Crumbächer and Christopher Duke recorded this album together.
 Fox Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Stockland Glendale is a major shopping centre located in Glendale a suburb of the City of Lake Macquarie New South Wales Australia.It is located on Lake Road Glendale on a 19.6-hectare (48.4-acre) parcel of land and primarily serves the Lake Macquarie region to the southwest of Newcastle.
 Esoptron is the second full-length album by Septic Flesh released in 1995. The actual title is ΕΣΟΠΤΡΟΝ or Εσοπτρον. The word is Greek for mirror. The album will be reissued in June 2013 by Season of Mist.
 Brnjic (Cyrillic: Брњиц) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Das Echo is a monthly German language newspaper based in Montreal Quebec Canada.Das Echo began as the Das Echo des Deutschen Hauses für die deutsch-kanadische Gemeinschaft founded by Paul Christian Walter in 1978. It first began printing as a trimestrial newssheet for the German community in Greater Montreal. Like the majority of newspapers in Germany it is a subscriber's publication with a comparable small number of freely sold issues.
 Wiśniowa Góra [viɕˈɲɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrespol within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) south of Andrespol and 14 km (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 2485.
 East Branch Fishing Creek is a tributary of West Branch Fishing Creek (which is in turn a tributary of Fishing Creek) in Columbia County and Sullivan County Pennsylvania in the United States. It is 4.4 miles (7.1 km) long. The stream and its tributaries are acidic and contain aluminum. The area in the vicinity was first settled in the late 1700s.
 This Just Might Be the Truth is the first full length CD released by Swedish hardcore punk band Refused. The CD was first released in 1994 through Startrec and was reissued by Burning Heart Records in 1997.
 Khari River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Matana Madh village. Its basin has a maximum length of 50 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 113 square kilometres (44 sq mi).
 Reefer Madness: Sex Drugs and Cheap Labor in the American Black Market is a book written by Eric Schlosser and published in 2003.
 The Gurgui River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Reczyn [ˈrɛt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Płock and 72 km (45 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Church St. Archangel Michael Kumanovo (Macedonian Cyrillic: Црква Свети Архангел Михаил Куманово) is a orthodox church under construction in the Karposh neighborhood in Kumanovo Macedonia.
 The Robinson-Macken House is a historic home in west downtown Austin Texas.The home is located at 702 Rio Grande. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Central Mountain Range also known as the Zhongyang Range (Chinese: 中央山脈; pinyin: Zhōngyāng Shānmò; Wade–Giles: Chung1-yang1 Shan1-mo4; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tiong-iong Soaⁿ-lêng) is the principal range of mountains in Taiwan. It runs from the north of the island to the south.Due to this separation connecting between the west and east is not so convenient.
 Dobrzyjałowo [dɔbʐɨjaˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Piątnica 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Łomża and 68 km (42 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Valea Zanvelei River or Valea Zambilei River is a tributary of the Dâmbovicioara River in Romania.
 Blackenstein also known as Black Frankenstein is a low budget 1973 blaxploitation horror film loosely based on Mary Shelley's Frankenstein. It was made in an attempt to cash in on the success of Blacula released the previous year by American International Pictures. However Blackenstein fared poorly in comparison to its predecessor with most reviews agreeing that the movie was a totally inept mixture of the worst horror and blaxploitation films.
 Paul John Tagliabue (born November 24 1940) is a former Commissioner of the National Football League. He took the position in 1989 and was succeeded by Roger Goodell who was elected to the position on August 8 2006. Tagliabue's retirement took effect on September 1 2006. He had previously served as a lawyer for the NFL. Tagliabue is currently the chair of Georgetown University's board of directors.
 Praetorians is the fifth full length studio album and eighth album overall released by the black metal band Naer Mataron. It was released on the Season of Mist label in 2008 the first album by Naer Mataron on this label.
 Venciūnai is a village in Alytus district municipality in Alytus County in south Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 588 people.
 Karen Sinclair AM (born 20 November 1952) is a Welsh Labour politician who represented the constituency of Clwyd South from when the National Assembly for Wales was established in 1999 until she stood down in 2011. Born and brought up in Wrexham north Wales Sinclair has lived in Llangollen for over twenty years.
 Lost Years: A People's Struggle for Justice (Chinese: 失去的岁月) is a 2011 documentary directed by Kenda Gee and Tom Radford. The film premiered on December 5 2011 at the Guangzhou International Documentary Film Festival where it won the Best Documentary Award for history and culture. The film has also been shown as a two-part national television mini-series for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
 Taineh (Persian: طاينه‎ also Romanized as Ţāīneh and Tā'īneh) is a village in Avalan Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 52 families.
 Kawęczyn [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Obrowo and 18 km (11 mi) east of Toruń.
 Eupithecia irenica is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Castle Rock is a butte in the Colorado Piedmont region of the Great Plains. An area landmark it is located in as well as the namesake of the town of Castle Rock Colorado.The butte's caprock consists of rhyolite rock which is strongly resistant to erosion. About 37 million years ago a volcanic eruption took place that covered the area around Castle Rock with 20 feet (6.1 m) of rhyolite.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Corozel River in Romania
 The Turbanu River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 Pleisiolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 The Overcoat (Russian: Шинель) is a 1926 Soviet film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg based on Nikolai Gogol stories Nevsky Prospekt and The Overcoat.
 Discovery is a compilation box set by Pink Floyd released on 26 September 2011 to launch the Why Pink Floyd...? re-release campaign. The box set includes all fourteen of their standard studio albums newly remastered by James Guthrie. In addition to the albums the set comes with a 60-page artwork booklet designed by Storm Thorgerson.
 Dekadance is the title of two different collections of remixes by Australian rock group INXS: a 1983 12 EP released in the United States of songs from Shabooh Shoobah and a 1984 cassette released in Australia of songs from The Swing.The Australian cassette features remixes from The Swing and was released in six different versions. Each version had a different sleeve one for each member of the band which were sourced from the band photo on the cover of The Swing.
 Słonne [ˈswɔnnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubiecko within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dubiecko 30 km (19 mi) west of Przemyśl and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 180.
 Charles Henry Nimitz (born Karl Heinrich Nimitz) (1826–1911) was a German merchant seaman as was his father before him. He was the grandfather of and role model for Fleet Admiral Chester Nimitz. In 1852 he built the Nimitz Hotel in Fredericksburg Texas in the United States. The hotel he built now houses the National Museum of the Pacific War. The Nimitz Hotel was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1989 Marker number 10089.
 The Fort of São Sebastião de Caparica (Portuguese: Forte de São Sebastião de Caparica) also known as the Tower of São Sebastião (Portuguese: Torre de São Sebastião) or Fortress of the Old Tower (Portuguese: Fortaleza de Torre Velha) is a medieval fortification located in Monte da Caparica civil parish of Caparica in the municipality of Almada in the Portuguese central region of Península de Setúbal.The fortress of Torre Velha is one of the more important examples of Renaissance-era military architecture at a time when it served as part of an integrated system of defensive artillery outposts at the end of the 15th and beginning of the 16th century in particular with the bulwarks of Cascais (1498) and São Vicente (1512).
 Bring Yer Wellies is the sixth album by Celtic band Gaelic Storm. It was released on July 25 2006. Wellies is a nickname for Wellington boots which feature prominently in the lyrics of Kelly's Wellies and on the album cover.
 Guy's Hospital is a large NHS hospital in the borough of Southwark in central London. It is administratively a part of Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust. It is a large teaching hospital and is with St Thomas' Hospital and King's College Hospital the location of King's College London School of Medicine (formerly known as the GKT School of Medicine).
 The Aztec Fruit-eating Bat (Artibeus aztecus) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is found in Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Panama.
 Charles EP or simply named Skids is the first disc and EP of punk rock band Skids released in 1977 on the Scottish punk label No Bad.The band comprised a then teenage Richard Jobson on vocals Stuart Adamson on guitar Bill Simpson on bass and Thomas Kellichan on drums.
 The Irish Construction Industry Magazine is a bimonthly trade magazine circulated to construction and building professionals in Ireland and the United Kingdom.
 Oženiše me muzikom (trans. They Married Me to Music) is a 3-piece compilation album from the Serbian rock band Galija released in 2009. With the release of the album the band marked thirty years from the release of their debut album Prva plovidba.
 The Viezurata River is a headwater of the Sohodol River in Romania. It flows from North to South parallel to the main axis of the village Vâlcele. The main tributary on this reach is the Valea Caselor River. After the confluence with the next tributary the Padul River the river flows westwards along the limit of the village Vâlcele and continues along county road DJ672 until it joins the other headwater the Pârgavu River.
 People is a 1969 compilation album released by singer Johnny Mathis on Columbia Records.
 The Duluth News Tribune (or known locally as The Tribune or DNT) is a newspaper in Duluth Minnesota. It is published by Forum Communications which bought it in 2006 after The McClatchy Company acquired the News Tribune's previous owner Knight Ridder.The present incarnation of the newspaper is the outcome of the merger and takeover of several former publications. The first News-Tribune was created as a result of the merger of The Duluth Tribune (est.1870) and The Duluth News in 1892.
 Dicrocheles phalaenodectes is a parasitic mite of moths which infest the ear of certain species. They are notable in that only one ear is ever colonised leaving one intact so that the host is still able to detect the sound from hunting bats. This is taken to be an adaptation reducing the 'virulence' of the parasite to avoid its own destruction along with the host.A population of moths was found in New Zealand in which both ears where parasitised the local bat population being extinct.
 The Carolina Inn is a hotel listed on the National Register of Historic Places on the campus of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in Orange County North Carolina which opened in 1924.The Carolina Inn is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.It was built in 1922 by alumnus John Sprunt Hill and donated to the University in 1935. It was managed by Doubletree from 1993 to 2007.
 Omaha City Hall is located at 1819 Farnam Street in downtown Omaha Nebraska. It is the seat of government for the City of Omaha.
 Coralliophila adansoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Kalentan (Persian: كلنتان‎ also Romanized as Kalentān and Kalantān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 456 in 110 families.
 Hard Guy is a 1941 American film directed by Elmer Clifton.The film is also known as Professional Bride in the United Kingdom.
 Azov shad or Black Sea shad Alosa tanaica is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alosa. Widespread in the eastern Black Sea Kerch Strait Sea of Azov.
 Trevor Albert de Cleene OBE (24 March 1933 – 22 April 2001) was a New Zealand politician and lawyer. After gaining experience as a councillor with Palmerston North City Council he was elected to Parliament for the Labour Party in 1981. He was a strong supporter of Rogernomics and was a minister outside cabinet. He resigned his ministerial portfolios in 1988 when Roger Douglas was sacked by David Lange.
 Vista is an album by American jazz saxophonist Marion Brown recorded in 1975 and released on the Impulse! label.
 The Early Thorn (Selenia dentaria) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Northern Europe Northern and Eastern Asia.The wingspan is 28–40 mm. The moth flies in two generation from April to August .The larva feed on various deciduous trees such as birch and alder.
 Daniel Kagan (born c. 1953) is a state representative in the U.S. state of Colorado. Kagan an attorney was appointed by a Democratic Party vacancy committee to the Colorado House of Representatives in March 2009 to fill the vacancy caused by Anne McGihon's resignation. He represents House District 3 which encompasses south Denver.
 वसंत के हत्यारे (English: ) is a short story collection by Hrishikesh Sulabh comprising 9 stories in Hindi written over 10 years from 2003 to 2009. It has won the author the 16th Indu Sharma International Katha Samman given by Katha UK.
 Cruelty: Black Rose Torture (残酷　黒薔薇私刑 Zankoku: kurobara lynch) aka Black Rose Slave is a 1975 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Katsuhiko Fujii and starring Naomi Tani.
 Glogova is a village in the municipality of Bratunac Bosnia and Herzegovina where on 8 May 1992 in the early days of the Bosnian War (1992–95) 65 Bosniak civilians were killed in a massacre ordered by Miroslav Deronjić President of the Bratunac Municipal Board of the Serbian Democratic Party (SDS) of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Water Ranch Lake is a lake located in Water Ranch Park in Gilbert Arizona United States east of Greenfield Rd and south of Guadalupe Dr. Water Ranch is part of the Gilbert Riparian Preserve.
 The inkspot nudibranch Ceratosoma ingozi is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae.
 Kosin [ˈkɔɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Annopol 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Kraśnik and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 680.
 Music Hall completed in 1878 is Cincinnati's premier classical music performance hall. It serves as the home for the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra Cincinnati Opera May Festival Chorus and the Cincinnati Pops Orchestra. In January 1975 it was recognized as a National Historic Landmark by the U.S. Department of the Interior. The building was designed with a dual purpose - to house musical activities in its central auditorium and industrial exhibitions in its side wings.
 Eve's Daughter (1918) is a silent film comedy-drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film was directed by James Kirkwood and starred popular theatre star Billie Burke. The film is based on a 1917 Broadway play Eve's Daughter by Alicia Ramsey which starred Grace George.The film is now considered a lost film.
 Rąbczyn [ˈrɔmpt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Wągrowiec and 51 km (32 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Shaukat Tarin (Urdu: شوکت ترین ‎; born 1953) is a senior banker from Pakistan and former Finance Minister of Pakistan (from 2009 to 2010) in the Yousaf Raza Gillani-led government. On 7 October 2008 he was appointed adviser to the government and was elevated to the post of finance minister after being elected as a senator from Sindh on 27 July 2009.
 Upper Lead Mountain Pond is a lake in Hancock County Maine United States. It is located less than 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of the Lead Mountain and 0.25 mi (0.40 km) north of Maine State Route 9 near the town of Beddington. The inflow to Bear Pond comes from several small stream and it drains via a small 500 feet (150 m) stream to Middle/Lower Lead Mountain Pond. Several unpaved roads provide access to the lake and private residences surrounding it.
 Street Sense (foaled February 23 2004 in Kentucky at Chesapeake Farm) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse U.S. Champion 2-Yr-Old Colt (2006) and winner of the 2007 Kentucky Derby and the 2007 Travers Stakes. He was also the runner up in the 2007 Preakness Stakes by a head. Owned and bred by James B. Tafel Street Sense is out of Bedazzle a granddaughter of Northern Dancer and his sire is 2002 Dubai World Cup winner Street Cry.
 Ruś [ruɕ] (German Reussen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Morąg 15 km (9 mi) north of Ostróda and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Coronel Hilario Lagos is a village and rural locality (municipality) in La Pampa Province in Argentina.
 The Hoosick Falls Armory is located along Church Street (NY 22) in the village by that name in New York United States. It is a red brick building with castellated tower dating to the late 19th century.One of many armories in New York designed by state architect Isaac Perry it is one of his earlier armories more restrained and less imposing than those he built later in his career. It has remained mostly intact since its construction.
 Nudaria diaphanella is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 The Academy Cinema (grid reference ST590744) is a historic building on Cheltenham Road Bristol England.It was built in 1914 in an Edwardian Baroque style. It closed as a cinema in 1955 and became a Christadelphian Hall or chapel. More recently it was adapted for use as a bar under the name The Magic Box. It has since been refurbished as a new venue for Jesters Comedy Club.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
 Cabin Fever is the seventh studio album by Corb Lund and the Hurtin' Albertans. It was released by New West Records on August 14 2012.The album was named a longlisted nominee for the 2013 Polaris Music Prize on June 13 2013.
 Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani (About this sound pronunciation ahb-dool-ah-TEEF ahl zah-YAH-nee) is a Bahraini engineer and retired lieutenant general. He has been the secretary general of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) since 1 April 2011. He is the fifth GCC secretary general and the first with military background since the GCC established.
 Dennis James Richardson AO (born 1947 in Kempsey New South Wales) is an Australian public servant and former diplomat. Richardson is currently the Secretary of the Department of Defence since 18 October 2012.
 Dododhara is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8299 living in 1296 individual households.
 Hikone Castle (彦根城 Hikone-jō) is an Edo period castle in the city of Hikone in Shiga Prefecture Japan. It is considered the most significant historical building in Shiga. Hikone is one of only 12 Japanese castles with the original keep and one of only four castles listed as a national treasure.
 Wang Meng (Chinese: 王蒙; pinyin: Wáng Méng; born 1934) is a Chinese writer. Wang was born in Beijing in 1934. During his middle school years he was introduced to communist ideology and in 1949 officially joined the Communist Youth League.Wang Meng has published over 60 books since 1955 including six novels ten short-story collections as well as other works of poetry prose and critical essays.
 Live Music Hall Koln 1992 is a live album by Richard Marx released exclusively in Germany. The concert was recorded at the Live Music Hall in Cologne Germany.
 Ciechanki Łęczyńskie [t͡ɕɛˈxanki wɛnˈt͡ʂɨɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczna within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Łęczna and 23 km (14 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Stegastes uenfi is a damselfish of the family Pomacentridae. It is native to the tropical West Atlantic Ocean where it is found at depths of about 3 m (10 ft). It is known only from the coast of Brazil.
 Mainz (Vierteljahreshefte für Kultur Politik Wirtschaft Geschichte) is a German quarterly journal that publishes on cultural political economic and historical aspects of the German city of Mainz. The journal was founded in 1981 by Jockel Fuchs and is currently edited by Michael Bonewitz. The journal has sections on culture city history politics sports and other topics and contains full-color illustrations.
 Lake Wamala is a small freshwater lake in Uganda.
 Another Workout is an album by jazz tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on December 5 1961 and first released on the Blue Note label in 1985. It follows Mobley's critically acclaimed 1961 album Workout and features performances by Mobley Wynton Kelly Paul Chambers and Philly Joe Jones.
 Mattaponi Church is a historic Episcopal church near Cumnor King and Queen County Virginia. The original section was built between about 1730 and 1734 and later modified about 1755. It is a one-story cruciform brick structure measuring 84 feet 6 inches long by 64 feet. The church was restored after a fire gutted the interior in 1922. It has been used by Baptists since 1803.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Epimolis flavonotata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guiana the Amazon region and Venezuela.
 Roberto Alemann (born December 22 1922) is an Argentine lawyer economist publisher and academic.
 There are Velvet Underground compilation albums with similar titles: The Best of The Velvet Underground: Words and Music of Lou Reed (1989) and The Best of The Velvet Underground: The Millennium Collection (2000).The Very Best of The Velvet Underground is a compilation album by The Velvet Underground.
 Robert Randolph Bruce (July 16 1861 — February 21 1942) was an engineer mining proprietor and the 13th Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia from 1926 to 1931.Bruce was born in Scotland and educated at the University of Glasgow where he studied engineering. He emigrated to the United States in 1887 before arriving in Canada to work for the Canadian Pacific Railway. In 1897 he settled in British Columbia to become a prospector.
 Karwów [ˈkarvuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Opatów and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 The Vervain Hummingbird (Mellisuga minima) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.It is found in the Dominican Republic Haiti and Jamaica and is a vagrant to Puerto Rico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.It used to be considered the second smallest bird in the world after the Bee Hummingbird. Typical length is 6 cm (2.4 in) including the bill and weight is 2–2.4 g (0.071–0.085 oz).
 Win Green Down (277 metres (909 ft) grid reference ST927209) is a 26.0 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Wiltshire notified in 1971. The summit Win Green is at grid ST924205 and is the highest point of Cranborne Chase. There are extensive views with Bournemouth the Isle of Wight Salisbury and Glastonbury Tor the Mendips and the Quantock Hills all visible in clear conditions.
 Paul Finet (1897–1965) was a Belgian politician who served in the High Authority of the European Coal and Steel Community and led the Finet Authority from 1958 to 1959.
 The Teurihorn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Splügen in the canton of Graubünden. It is located between the valleys of the Stutzbach and the Steilerbach south of the Alperschällihorn.
 Columbus City Center (known locally as City Center) was a 1200000-square-foot (110000 m2) three-level shopping center in Columbus Ohio United States. It was located in the city's downtown near the Ohio State Capitol next to the Ohio Theatre and connected to a Hyatt hotel.
 This article describes the 32nd album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 32 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 32 or Now 32 was released in 1995. The album is the 32nd edition of the (UK) Now! series.
 The Christina Melton Crain Unit (formerly the Gatesville Unit) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice prison for females in Gatesville Texas. The prison is along Texas State Highway 36 3 miles (4.8 km) north of central Gatesville. The unit with about 1317 square feet (122.4 m2) of space is co-located with the Hilltop Unit the Dr. Lane Murray Unit and the Linda Woodman Unit. The unit's regular program houses around 1500 women and it is one of Texas's main prisons for women.
 Jakubikowice [jakubikɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Wińsko 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Wołów and 48 kilometres (30 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Ribaševina (Serbian Cyrillic: Рибашевина) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia. Royal Prime-minister Milan Stojadinovic was kept under house arrest in Ribasevina in 1939 before he was transferred to Mauritius. He was detained in Ribasevina in a villa of a famous Serbian and Yugoslavian painter and sculptor Mihailo Milovanovic.
 Sunday Bloody Sunday is a 1971 British drama film written by Penelope Gilliatt directed by John Schlesinger and starring Murray Head Glenda Jackson and Peter Finch.
 Trail of the Wolf is the twenty-fifth book of the award-winning Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever.
 The Holy Trinity Church at Parker and Hector St. in Trinidad California was built in 1873. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The wood frame building has a gable roof and a small steeple. The steeple replaced a slightly larger sometime between 1907 and 1954.Sixty people can sit in the long wooden pews with another 18 sitting in the choir loft.
 Hemiscyllium michaeli commonly known as the Milne Bay epaulette shark is a species of bamboo shark in the genus Hemiscyllium. It is a tropical shark known from the shallow ocean in the Milne Bay region of eastern Papua New Guinea. The epaulette sharks of this region have long been confused with H. freycineti and it was only in 2010 that H. michaeli was described as a separate species by Gerald R. Allen and Christine L. Dudgeon. It can reach a maximum length of 69.5 centimetres (27.4 in).
 Deified is the fifteenth album by Keak da Sneak. It features Too Short E-40 Daz Dillinger Lil' Keke and Paul Wall among others. Keak also linked up with infamous New York rapper Prodigy from Mobb Deep and The Alchemist for the CD's first single That Go. The song Super Hyphy peaked at #10 on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and #40 on the Rhythmic Top 40 chart.
 That Sinking Feeling is a 1980 comedy film written and directed by Bill Forsyth his first film as a director. The film is set in his home city Glasgow Scotland. The young actors in film were members of the Glasgow Youth Theatre. The film also features Richard Demarco the Edinburgh gallery owner playing himself. The four main actors went on to feature in Forsyth's following film Gregory's Girl.
 That's My Wife is a 1929 short comedy silent film produced by the Hal Roach Studios and starring Laurel and Hardy. It was shot in December 1928 and released March 23 1929 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer with a synchronized music and sound effects track in theaters equipped for sound.
 Grapiczki [ɡraˈpit͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Potęgowo 25 km (16 mi) east of Słupsk and 82 km (51 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1648 the area was part of Duchy of Pomerania 1648-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 23.
 The Kloran (a portmanteau of Klan and Koran) is the handbook of the Ku Klux Klan. Versions of the Kloran typically contain detailed descriptions of the role of different Klan members as well as detailing Klan ceremonies and procedures.The letters Kl were often used at the beginning of words to delineate a Klan association. Examples include: Kloran Klonversation (conversation) Klavern (cavern or tavern; local branch or meeting place) Klavaliers etc.
 Levko Lukyanenko (Ukrainian: Лук'яненко Левко Григорович); (sometimes written as Levko Lukianenko) is a Ukrainian politician and Soviet dissident and Hero of Ukraine.
 William H. MacInnis (born November 22 1861) was an American politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts Senate and Mayor of Pittsfield Massachusetts.
 James Allum MLA is a Canadian politician who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in the 2011 election. He represents the electoral district of Fort Garry-Riverview as a member of the Manitoba New Democratic Party caucus.
 Euphaedra afzelii the Green Ceres Forester is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone. The habitat consists of dense forests.
 Zontar the Thing from Venus also known as Zontar: The Invader from Venus is a 1966 made for television science fiction film directed by Larry Buchanan and based on the teleplay by Hillman Taylor and Buchanan. It is a low budget color 16mm remake of Roger Corman's It Conquered the World (1956) which also featured an alien invader from Venus.The movie is arguably Buchanan's best known.
 The Manuel Alves Pequeno River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Oorukku Uzhaippavan (Tamil: ஊருக்கு உழைப்பவன் English: Worker for the country) is a 1976 Indian Tamil written and directed by M. Krishnan Nair starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role with Vanisri Venniradai Nirmala enacting supporting roles. This film is remade from Hindi film Humshakal starring Rajesh Khanna.
 The Huffman Covered Bridge was built in 1914 south of Middleburg Ohio. The property was listed on the National Register on 1975-03-04.The wooden Kingpost truss bridge stood 50 feet long over the Middle Fork Creek. The bridge stood until a devastating flood washed out the supports in 1998 carrying away the bridge. The same flood took with it six victims.
 Metideniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The Château de Lasserre is a ruined castle in the commune of Béraut in the Gers département of France.With origins in the 14th century the castle was adapted and altered in the 16th and 18th centuries.It has been listed since 1927 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture. It is privately owned.
 Utopia A.D. is The Black League's second full-length album released in 2001 by Spinefarm Records. A music video was made of the song Rex Talionis.
 The Grosser Mythen is a mountain in the Schwyzer Voralpen located near Schwyz in Central Switzerland. It is accessible from Holzegg by a hiking trail which is opened during the summer months only.Geologically the Mythen is a penninic Klippe.
 Radzików-Oczki [raˈd͡ʑikuf ˈɔt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Bistricioara River is a tributary of the Horezu River in Romania.
 Thakurli is a suburb of the Kalyan Dombivli Municipal Corporation in India.Thakurli is also a railway station on the Central line of the Mumbai Suburban Railway network.In this small village in 1932 GIP Railway established its first coal-based power station Chola Power Station for producing the electric power required to run the suburban electric railway.
 Greatest Hits is the first collection of Maureen McGovern's previously recorded material. It is not accurate to call this album Greatest Hits as it is more a re-release of McGovern's self-titled album from 1979 with her biggest hit The Morning After replacing a memorable album track titled Life's a Long Way to Run and rearranging the album's track-listing.
 Odd Obsession (鍵 Kagi lit. The Key) is a 1959 Japanese drama film directed by Kon Ichikawa. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Jury Prize. It was based on the novel The Key by Japanese novelist Junichirō Tanizaki.
 Photosynthetic is the tenth album and third live album by Australian improvised music trio The Necks released on the Russian Long Arms label in 2003. The album features a single track titled Photosynthetic performed by Chris Abrahams Lloyd Swanton and Tony Buck recorded live at DOM Cultural Center Moscow on 29 March 2002.
 The Pará Spiny Tree Rat Mesomys stimulax or Surinam Spiny Tree Rat is a spiny rat species from South America. It is found in Brazil.
 Edwin Johannes Hildegard Linkomies (December 22 1894–September 9 1963 until 1928 Edwin Flinck) was Prime Minister of Finland from March 1943 to August 1944 and one of the seven politicians sentenced to five and a half years in prison as allegedly responsible for the Continuation War on the demand of the Soviet Union.
 Faithful in My Fashion is a 1946 film.
 The Polocin River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Cethosia commonly called the lacewings is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Heliconiinae in the family Nymphalidae. They are found mainly in southeastern Asia as far south as Australia.
 The M-26–Cedar Creek Culvert is a short highway bridge located on M-26 over Cedar Creek in Eagle Harbor Township Michigan. The Keweenaw County Road Commission built the bridge in 1930; they also built the M-26–Silver River Culvert and the US 41–Fanny Hooe Creek Bridge around the same time. The M-26–Cedar Creek Culvert was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Gillis Valckenier (1623–1680) was nine years burgomaster of Amsterdam: in 1665 1666 1668 1670 1673 1674 1676 1678 1679. He was a strong personality but changing allies as a real opportunist.Valckenier was the son of a skipper on Leiden. He studied at the University of Leiden. In 1649 he was appointed as schepen and in 1657 as administrator of the Dutch East India Company.
 Tintorettor Jishu (Tintoretto's Jesus) is a mystery novel by Satyajit Ray about an adventure of Feluda. A movie directed by Sandip Ray has been made based on the story (released in December 2008). An extensive shoot schedule at Hong Kong during May 2008 takes Feluda movies to a new height. The book was published by Ananda Publishers in 1983.
 Fearless Love is the tenth studio album by American rock/pop musician Melissa Etheridge released on April 27 2010 by Island/Def Jam Music Group produced by John Shanks. Etheridge said in an interview the album is about being fearless. It's about choosing love over fear. It's a way a philosophy of living life that suits me well. The album was recorded at the Document Room in Malibu and Hensons Studios in Hollywood CA.
 Aglossestra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Kinnikannanvilai is a village along the west coast of Kanyakumari flanked by Muhilankudieruppu in the south and Koilvilai in the north. Kinnikannanvilai is bound by Pozhiyoor in the east and Arabian Sea in the west. The village is connected with Kanyakumari Bus Terminus (4 km) and Nagercoil town (16 km) by road. The nearest city is Thiruvananthapuram (Capital of Kerala). The holy capitals Swamithope and Suchindrum are 4 and 7 kilometres away from Kinnikannanvilai respectively.
 Krzywe [ˈkʂɨvɛ] (Ukrainian: Криве Kryve) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cisna within Lesko County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Cisna 32 km (20 mi) south of Lesko and 97 km (60 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 50.
 Just Good Ol' Boys is first second album by country singers Moe Bandy and Joe Stampley released in 1979 on the Columbia label recorded at the CBS Recording Studios Nashville Tennessee and Jack Clements Recording Studio Tennessee.
 Oxidizer is an album by industrial rock band Chemlab.
 Emadabad (Persian: عماداباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Emādābād) is a village in Kushk-e Qazi Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Suresh Kashinath Taware is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Bhiwandi constituency of Maharashtra and is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.
 Point Blanc is the second book in the Alex Rider series written by British author Anthony Horowitz. The book was released in the United Kingdom on September 3 2001 and in North America on April 15 2002 under the alternate title Point Blank.In 2003 the novel was listed on the BBC's survey The Big Read. In 2007 it was adapted into a graphic novel written by Antony Johnston and illustrated by Kanako Damerum and Yuzuru Takasaki.
 San Félix is a village or populated centre in the Paysandú Department of western Uruguay. It is a southern suburb of the city of Paysandú and it contains the horce race tracks of the city the Hipódromo San Felix.
 The National Union Building is an historic building located at 918 F Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Penn Quarter neighborhood. It is currently owned by DC-based LivingSocial.
 The axolotl (/ˈæksəlɒtəl/; etymol. Nāhuatl āxōlōtl [aːˈʃoːloːt͡ɬ] (singular) or āxōlōmeh [aːˈʃoːloːmeʔ] (plural) water monster) also known as a Mexican salamander (Ambystoma mexicanum) or a Mexican walking fish is a neotenic salamander closely related to the tiger salamander. Although the axolotl is colloquially known as a walking fish it is not a fish but an amphibian. The species originates from numerous lakes such as Lake Xochimilco underlying Mexico City.
 The Mandarin Daily News (traditional Chinese: 國語日報; simplified Chinese: 国语日报; pinyin: Guóyǔ Rìbào; Wade–Giles: Kuoyu Rihpao; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kok-gú-ji̍t-pò; Gwoyeu Romatzyh: Gwoyeu Ryhbaw; Zhuyin ㄍㄨㄛˊ ㄩˇ ㄖˋ ㄅㄠˋ) is a traditional Chinese children's newspaper published daily in Taiwan. The main text of the articles is accompanied by Zhuyin (Bopomofo) phonetic script to aid identification of difficult characters. The project was founded October 25 1948.
 La Sanie des siècles – Panégyrique de la dégénérescence (which roughly translates as The sanies of the centuries – Ode to degeneration sanies being a thin greenish foul-smelling discharge from a wound ulcer etc. containing pus and blood according to the Collins English Dictionary) is the debut album by French black metal band Peste Noire.
 Euzophera hemileuca is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzophera. It was described by Joannis in 1927 and is known from Mozambique.
 Wymysłów-Piaski [vɨˈmɨswuf ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Dobroń 10 km (6 mi) west of Pabianice and 19 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Kurtziella dorvilliae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Experimental Mechanics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all areas of experimentation including its theoretical and computational analysis. It is an official journal of the Society for Experimental Mechanics and was established in 1961. The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Hareesh V. Tippur (Auburn University).
 Brian W. Jones (born August 9 1968) is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly. He is a Republican representing the 71st district encompassing most of inland San Diego County. On August 20 2012 he was promoted to Chair of the California Assembly Republican Caucus. Prior to being elected to the state assembly he was a member of the Santee City Council.
 Upstream is an independent oil and gas industry's upstream sector weekly newspaper and a daily internet news site. The newspaper is owned by NHST Media Group. It is headquartered in Oslo Norway. The newspaper covers the upstream sector of the global oil and gas industry with full-time staff correspondents in all the major centres of the industry. It is published every Friday.
 Hang The DJ is a 1998 music documentary film debut by twin brothers Marco and Mauro La Villa. Featuring Roger Sanchez Junior Vasquez and DJ Qbert the film presents the cult of DJs in the era that catapulted them into superstars from the inside. Performances from around the globe are intercut with commentary from fans and interviews with the DJs themselves.The name of the film comes from lyrics in Panic the 1986 song from The Smiths.
 Ømmervatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county Norway. The European route E06 highway passes along the eastern coast of the lake. The lake lies about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of Drevjemoen and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Mosjøen.
 Kim King (born November 29 1962) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 55 since January 4 2011.
 Smash is the third studio album by American punk rock band The Offspring. After touring in support of their previous album Ignition (1992) The Offspring began recording Smash in October 1993 at Track Record in North Hollywood California. Recording and production were finished two months later and the album was released on April 8 1994 on Epitaph Records.
 Xá:ytem /ˈhaɪtəm/ or /ˈhɑː.ɪtəm/ is an indigenous archaeological site and the name of a related museum run under the auspices of the Sto:lo people at Hatzic British Columbia Canada. Xá:ytem is approximately 80 kilometres east of Vancouver on Highway 7. It is reached via the bridge at Mission about 15 kilometres from the border with the US state of Washington. When its ancient age was learned in the late 20th century the site was designated in 1992 as a national historic site of Canada.
 Kanllaqucha (Quechua kanlla kanlli pearlfruit (Margyricarpus pinnatus) qucha lake pearlfruit lake hispanicized spelling Canllacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region Huancavelica Province Acobambilla District. Kanllaqucha lies east of the large lake Warmiqucha and south of the lake Aqchiqucha (Junín Region).
 Opharus almopia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1890. It is found in Colombia.
 Vaivere is a village in Kaarma Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Descendants of Darkness (闇の末裔 Yami no Matsuei) is a fantasy manga series created by Yoko Matsushita. The story revolves around shinigami. These Guardians of Death work for Enma Daiō the king of the dead sorting out the expected and unexpected arrivals to the Underworld.
 On Our Way is a studio album by American hardcore punk band Time Flies.
 The Water Club is a hotel that is connected to the Borgata and is located in Atlantic City New Jersey.
 Berthelinia rottnesti is a species of a sea snail with a shell comprising two separate hinged pieces or valves. It is a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Juliidae.
 Oreophryne sibilans is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 V.I.P. is the fifth studio album by hip hop group Jungle Brothers released in 2000.
 L.O.V.Evil is the first album release of the Seattle-based Second Coming.
 Lumikurro is the first full-length album released by metal band Kauan through Bad Mood Man Music in 2007.
 L.A. State of Mind is the second solo album from Melanie Brown. Brown surprised fans with her return it having been five years since her debut album Hot.The only single released from the album was Today for which Brown completed a two-week promotional tour in the United Kingdom.
 Brother Martin: Servant of Jesus (1942) is a race film directed and written by Spencer Williams. The film featured an all-black cast and was produced exclusively for exhibition in U.S. cinemas serving African American communities. It was among a number of religious-themed feature films created by Williams during the 1940s who also wrote and directed The Blood of Jesus (1941) and Go Down Death! (1944).
 Torbido Lake is a lake in the Province of Modena Emilia-Romagna Italy. At an elevation of 1650 m its surface area is 0.001 km².
 Fish Meat is a 2012 documentary by Fish Navy Films that analyzes and questions current fish farming practices. It was an official selection at the Blue Ocean Film Festival Idyllwild Film Festival San Francisco Ocean Film Festival Catalina Film Festival and. It has also screened around the country including at the University of Colorado and at University of Massachusetts Amherst.
 Sopotsko (Macedonian: Сопотско) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia. Sopotsko is roughly 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from the municipal centre of Resen.
 St. Mary's Forane Church Edoor is one of the oldest churches and a notable Marian pilgrim centre in North Malabar of Kerala. It is near Iritty the eastern town of Kannur district. This church is the first church in the name of St. Mary under the archdiocese of Thalassery. It is also the largest parish in the archdiocese. It is situated about 6.5 kilometres from the town of Iritty which is also known as 'The Coorg valley in the God's own country'.
 Fu Xiaoguang (simplified Chinese: 付晓光; traditional Chinese: 付曉光; pinyin: Fù Xiǎoguāng; born February 1952) is a politician of People's Republic of China.
 Tunica Lake (also called Tunica Cutoff) is an oxbow lake located in Lee County Arkansas and Tunica County Mississippi. The Arkansas-Mississippi border follows the center of the narrow curving lake.
 Alden Bradford (17 November 1765 – 26 October 1843) was an American politician clergyman and author who served as the 5th Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth. Born in Duxbury MA he graduated from Harvard in 1786 and received a degree of LL.D. there. He was then ordained as a Congregational church pastor serving in Wicasset Maine. After moving to Boston he served from 1812 to 1824 as secretary of the commonwealth.
 Puthur is a village near the city of Palakkad in the Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India.The central attraction of this village is the Puthur Thirupuraikkal Bhagavathy temple . This temple houses the Goddess Karnaki who is believed to be an incarnation of Goddess Parvathi. This temple is famous locally and attracts several thousands devotees every year to the Puthur-Vela festival.
 Deiannewela is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The Calvin B. Taylor House is a historic U.S. home located at 208 Main Street Berlin Maryland. The house currently serves as The Calvin B. Taylor House Museum.
 In 1983 Al Alvarez published The Biggest Game in Town a book detailing the 1981 World Series of Poker event. The first book of its kind it described the world of professional poker players and the World Series of Poker. It is credited with beginning the genre of poker literature and with bringing Texas Hold'em (and poker generally) for the first time to a wider audience.
 The Dock Clearwing or Dock Moth (Pyropteron doryliformis) is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is found in South-West Europe North Africa and Australasia ecozone.The wingspan is ca. 20 mm.The larvae feed on Rumex. In 1997 it was introduced into Tasmania and subsequently monitored as a possible Biological Control against dock.
 Zarrin (Persian: زرين‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn and Zarīn; also known as Ḩājjīābād-e Zarrīn) is a village in Zarrin Rural District Kharanaq District Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Holothuria is a genus of marine animals of the family Holothuriidae. Members of the genus are found in coastal waters in tropical and temperate regions. They are soft bodied limbless invertebrates that dwell on the ocean floor. They resemble a cucumber in form.The genus contains some species that are harvested for food and sold as sea cucumber.
 Past Lives is a compilation of live performances of post-hardcore band Saccharine Trust released in 1989 through SST.
 The Blue sprat Spratelloides delicatulus also known as the Delicate round herring or Blueback sprat is a type of sprat fish of Indo-Pacific distribution.
 Habern W. Freeman (born August 10 1941) is a Democratic politician from the State of Maryland having served Harford County in several different elected positions including Harford County Executive and State Senator.
 Kharam (Persian: خرم‎) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 57 in 14 families.
 Maurice Dunlea Hinchey (born October 27 1938) was a U.S. Representative serving from 1993 to 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party. In 2012 he announced he would retire at the end of his term ending a long political career.A New York City native who moved to the Hudson Valley where he attended high school and college Hinchey had previously represented part of the area in the New York State Assembly since 1974.
 Lambada is a 1990 dramatic movie starring J. Eddie Peck Melora Hardin Adolfo Shabba-doo Quinones Ricky Paull Goldin Dennis Burkley and Keene Curtis. Lambada was written and directed by Joel Silberg and choreographed by Shabba-Doo.The film was released simultaneously with rival film The Forbidden Dance; neither was well received though Lambada was called the better of the two.
 Calosoma auropunctatum is a species of ground beetle. This species was previously classified as Calosome maderae ssp. auropunctatum. This species is found from Europe (except in western and southwestern parts) eastward to Anatolia Central Asia and western China and Mongolia.
 Soleymanabad (Persian: سليمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Soleymānābād; also known as Sulaimānābād) is a village in Barzavand Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 11 families.
 Snafu Lake is a lake of southern Yukon Canada about 25 to 30 km north of the border with British Columbia.
 The Waldo Theatre is a historic building in Waldoboro Maine. Designed by Benjamin Schlanger it opened in 1937.
 The John Gordon House is a brick home built in 1818 located along the Old Natchez Trace near Williamsport Tennessee within the boundaries of the Natchez Trace Parkway a National Park Service unit. It is one of only two remaining structures from the early history of the Natchez Trace located along the Natchez Trace Parkway.The National Park Service acquired the Gordon House and surrounding property in 1973. In 1974 the home was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Lepista aposema is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kühne in 2010. It is found in Mozambique South Africa Swaziland and Zimbabwe.
 Karanasa is an Old World genus of Satyrinae (family Nymphalidae).
 Laubusbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Flags and Emblems is the fifth studio album by the band Stiff Little Fingers released in 1991 (see 1991 in music).
 Ten Cents a Dance is a 1945 American comedy film starring Jane Frazee.
 Nowa Wieś [ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Busko-Zdrój and 50 km (31 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 110.
 Presidential Reunion is an American comedy Web short directed by Ron Howard and stars Saturday Night Live cast members who parodied Presidents Ford to Obama. The skit was released onto the Funny or Die website on March 3 2010 and received mixed to negative reviews.
 Tenement Symphony (subtitled Kies und Glanz • Grit and Glitter • Grès et Paillettes) is the seventh studio album by the British singer/songwriter Marc Almond. It was released in 1991 and reached number thirty-nine on the UK Albums Chart.
 A Liturgy a Legacy & a Ragamuffin Band is the seventh album by American singer-songwriter Rich Mullins released in 1993. The album was very well received and received the third place in the book CCM Presents: The 100 Greatest Albums in Christian Music (2001).
 Davud Kola (Persian: داودكلا‎ also Romanized as Dāvūd Kolā; also known as Dāvūd Kolā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District Dabudasht District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 457 in 118 families.
 Said Halim Pasha (Albanian: Said Halimi; 18 January 1865 – 6 December 1921) was a statesman who served as the Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire from 1913 to 1917. Born in Cairo Egypt he was the grandson of Muhammad Ali of Egypt often considered the founder of modern Egypt.He was one of the signers in Ottoman–German Alliance. Yet he resigned after the incident of the pursuit of Goeben and Breslau an event which served to cement the Ottoman–German alliance during World War I.
 Gehenna also known as Through Hell or Anguish is a 1938 Polish melodrama film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 Alabama Moon is a 2006 novel by Watt Key. The story follows the adventures of Alabama native Moon Blake.The novel was originally published by Farrar Straus and Giroux in 2006.Following the release of the published work a movie based upon the book titled Alabama Moon was released in 2010.
 The E. N. Jenckes Store is an historic store on Main Street in Douglas Massachusetts. The Greek Revival two story wood frame structure was built in 1833; it features a side-gable configuration in which the roof overhangs a two story porch. The store was built by Elias Balcome but was operated by members of the Jenckes family for most of the 20th century.
 Betti-Cola is the 1993 debut album from Canadian twee pop group Cub. Originally released in fall of 1993 the album was remastered and re-released with bonus tracks in 2007 by Mint Records.The album features tracks taken from various 7 EP's as well as a handful of covers. A 12-song double EP 7 called Betti Cola with similar cover art was released at roughly the same time as the CD.Cover art is courtesy of legendary Archie Comics cartoonist Dan DeCarlo.
 Jafarabad (Persian: جعفراباد‎ also Romanized as Ja‘farābād; also known as Ja’far Abad Bahabad) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 31 families.
 Jean-Marc Jacob (born 18 February 1947) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 1997. He is a veterinarian by career.He was elected in the Charlesbourg electoral district under the Bloc Québécois party in the 1993 federal election thus serving in the 35th Canadian Parliament. On 28 April 1997 Jacob lost his riding's party nomination in the riding to Richard Marceau for the 1997 federal election after which he left Canadian politics.
 Pharaquta (Aymara phara dry quta lake dry lake hispanicized spelling Paracota) is a lake in Peru located in the Puno Region Puno Province Pichacani District. It is situated at a height of about 4512 metres (14803 ft). Pharaquta lies southeast of the larger lake Jukumarini
 Mas Que Alcanzar una estrella (Album) is the soundtrack to the film Mas Que Alcanzar una estrella. It was released in 1992. The album includes songs by artists such as Eduardo Capetillo Mariana Garza and Ricky Martin among others.In the movie Muñecos de Papel is formed by Ricky Martin Bibi Gaytan Alejandro Ibarra and Lorena Rojas.
 The Man is the self-produced eighth album by soul singer Barry White released in 1978 on the 20th Century-Fox Records label which saw its name changed from 20th Century.
 Idioteuthis cordiformis is a species of whip-lash squid found in tropical regions of the west Pacific Ocean.
 Lepaste is a village in Nissi Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Shënkoll is a village in the municipality of Baldushk in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Lo no dicho (The unspoken in English)is the fifth book of the Uruguayan Horacio López Usera. Published in 2013.
 James J. Jim Eagan (March 4 1926 – November 2 2000) was the longtime Mayor of Florissant Missouri in St. Louis County.
 Baby Is Three is a science fiction novella by Theodore Sturgeon first published in the October 1952 issue of Galaxy magazine. It was later crafted into a full novel More Than Human. The original novella was voted the fifth-best science fiction novella of the pre-1965 era by the Science Fiction Writers of America and so was included in The Science Fiction Hall of Fame Volume Two.
 Trypeta mikado is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Erlandiini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the single genus Erlandia and the following species: Erlandia inopinata Aurivillius 1904 Erlandia mexicana Noguera & Chemsak 2001↑
 Vexillum bizonale is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 The Callaghan Apartments also known as the Plaza Apartments and Hotel and the Plaza Hotel was built in 1918 in Hot Springs State Park in Thermopolis Wyoming. It was at one time one of six hotels catering to tourists using the Big Spring of Thermopolis a hot spring reputed to possess curative properties. The hotel was built by bricklayer James Callaghan who obtained a 98 year lease on the site commencing on January 1 1918.
 Enoplia is a subclass of nematodes in Class Enoplea.Enoplians are characterized by amphids shaped like ovals stirrups or pouches. Their bodies are smooth without rings or lines. the esophagus is cylindrical and glandular.As of 2012 the subclass is divided into two orders.
 Gauruncus simplicissimus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province Morona-Santiago Province).
 The Casa de la Apicultura (translation: Beekeeping House) is a museum in Boal Asturias Spain. It is the home of a collection relating to apiculture which is a traditional activity in this part of Asturias.The museum is housed in a former rural school built by the Sociedad de Instrucción Naturales del Concejo de Boal a society founded in Havana Cuba in 1911. The school was built in the mid-30s and restored for this new role.
 Bolemin [bɔˈlɛmin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Deszczno within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Deszczno and 12 km (7 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 The dwarf blue sheep or dwarf bharal Pseudois schaeferi is an endangered species of caprid found in China Proper and Tibet. It inhabits low arid grassy slopes of the upper Yangtze gorge in Batang County of the Sichuan Province and a small part of the Tibet Autonomous Region where it is known by the local name rong-na.Originally given subspecific status to the bharal (Pseudois nauyar) morphological research conducted in the 1970s led it to be considered a distinct species.
 Starr Clark Tin Shop is a historic commercial building located at Mexico in Oswego County New York. It is a two-story wood-framed vernacular building built about 1827 with Federal details. The tin shop measures 24 feet 4 inches (7.42 m) wide and 32 feet (9.8 m) deep with a 24-foot-4-inch-wide by 25-foot-8-inch-deep (7.42 m by 7.82 m) rear wing.
 Young Round Barn is a historic round barn at Greene in Chenango County New York. It was built in 1914 and is a two story structure with a large square entrance bay and a diameter of 80 feet (24 m). It is covered by a conical two slope gambrel roof topped with a circular cupola venting the loft and central silo. DeVern Bates also built the nearby Bates Round Barn.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 JK Enum Nanbanin Vaazhkai (English: Life of a friend called JK) is an upcoming Tamil film written and directed by Cheran. It stars Sharwanand Nithya Menen while Prakash Raj and Santhanam play supporting roles. It is being simultaneously made in Telugu as Yemito Ee Maaya. The film is being produced by Dream Theatres who earlier produced films like Autograph Azhagai Irukkirai Bayamai Irukkirathu and Muran. The film which is said to be a youth entertainer features songs by G. V.
 H2O: Just Add Water is the television soundtrack for series two of the television show of the same name and consists of fifteen tracks by Australian singer Kate Alexa. It is Alexa's second album to be released and her first soundtrack album.
 Yo no elegí mi vida is a 1949 Argentine film.
 The Mackenröder Spitze at about 427.5 m above sea level is the highest hill in the Göttingen Forest and lies on the boundary of the town and district of Göttingen in South Lower Saxony in Germany.
 Will There Be Spring is an album by Norwegian singer-songwiter Maria Solheim released in 2006 by Kirkelig Kulturverksted (FXCD 309).
 25 Churchill Place is a skyscraper under construction in the eastern part of the London financial district Canary Wharf. The building is expected to be completed by 2014.
 The Valea Comorilor River is a tributary of the Părău River in Romania.
 Pauesia is a parasitoid wasp genus in the family Aphidiinae. The species in the genus use the conifer aphids (genus Cinara) as their host.Pauesia anatolica is a parasitoid of the cedar aphid Cinara cedri
 Our Lady of Lourdes Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic parish church of the Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis located in Minneapolis Minnesota in the United States. It was built on the east bank of the Mississippi River in today's Nicollet Island/East Bank neighborhood; it is the oldest continuously used church building in the city and is part of the St. Anthony Falls Historic District.
 Systomus orphoides the Javaen barb is a species of cyprinid fish native to Southeast Asia. It can reach a length of 25 centimetres (9.8 in) SL and is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries.
 Sutješćica is a village in the municipality of Breza Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Le Dernier Verre (tr: the last glass) is a best-selling book by French cardiologist Olivier Ameisen based upon his experience of curing himself of alcoholism using the muscle relaxant baclofen.The book has been translated to English as The End of My Addiction and German as Das Ende meiner Sucht.
 For the female given name see Alejandra (given name).Alejandra (English: Alexandra) is a 1956 Argentinian film directed by Carlos Schlieper. Script by Carlos Schlieper based on the novel by Georges Feydeauy and Alexandre Bisson. The stars of the movie were Delia Garcés and Georges Rivière. The film was released on April 19 1956.
 Riverfenix is the first full-length album by Riverfenix released on December 16 1997 on Drive-Thru Records. It was later re-released (with some changes) by MCA and Drive-Thru Records when Riverfenix was forced to change their name as the self-titled debut album of Fenix TX. This album has since been out of print and is a treasured collector's item among fans as Skinhead Jessie Jaw and the untitled tracks are not featured on the Fenix TX version release.
 A Long Way Down is a 2014 British dark comedy film directed by Pascal Chaumeil loosely based on author Nick Hornby's 2005 novel A Long Way Down. It stars Imogen Poots Toni Collette Pierce Brosnan and Aaron Paul as four strangers who happen to meet on the roof of a London building on New Year's Eve each with the intent of committing suicide. Their plans for death in solitude are ruined when they meet as they decide to come down from the roof alive — however temporary that may be.
 Autophysiopsychic is an album by American multi-instrumentalist and composer Yusef Lateef recorded in 1977 and released on the CTI label.
 Saint John the Baptist Church Penistone Parish Church or Penistone Church is a Church of England church in the Parish of Penistone near Barnsley in South Yorkshire England. The church is a Grade I listed building and is located in the centre of the town of Penistone.
 John Selby Spence (February 29 1788 – October 24 1840) was an American politician. Born near Snow Hill Maryland Spence attended the common schools and graduated from the medical department of the University of Pennsylvania at Philadelphia in 1809 and practiced in Worcester County Maryland. Spence served as a member of both the Maryland House of Delegates and as a member of the Maryland State Senate.
 Matterhorn Peak is located in the Sierra Nevada in the western U.S. state of California at the northern boundary of Yosemite National Park. At 12285 feet (3744 m) elevation it is the tallest peak in the craggy Alps-like Sawtooth Ridge and the northernmost 12000-foot (3700 m) peak in the Sierra Nevada. The peak also supports the Sierra's northernmost glacier system.
 William C. Horne (born February 25 1962 in Wichita Falls Texas) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly since February 4 2003 representing District 34. Horne is a member of the National Black Caucus of State Legislators.
 Phillip Dean Frye is a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's eighty-fourth House district including constituents in Avery Caldwell Mitchell and Yancey counties. A business owner from Spruce Pine North Carolina Frye served in his first state House term during the 2003-2004 session and is currently (2011-2012) serving his fifth term.
 Trilocha varians is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It is widespread in the Oriental Region extending to Taiwan the Philippines Sulawesi and Java.The wingspan is 25–27 mm.The larvae feed on Streblus and Ficus species. Young larvae are grey with large subdorsal black spots and a short fleshy curved horn. Mature larvae are dull brown. Pupation takes place in a boat-shaped cocoon closely woven with white or yellow rather-papery silk. The pupa is pale yellow.
 Verwüstung – Invoke the Dark Age is the first studio album release by Black metal band Abigor. It was released in 1994.
 Eternal Affairs is the second album released by Heather B. It was released on February 12 2002 through independent label Sai Records and featured production from Grammy Award winning Gordon Williams as well as Pete Rock and DJ Premier who are two of the most successful hip hop producers of all time. while the first and only single  Live MC was a moderate hit and the album was met with good reviews the project did not make it to the Billboard charts and has only sold 31000 copies to date.
 Beograd uživo '97 – 1 (trans. Belgrade Live '97 - 1) is the first disc of the fourth live album by Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba released in 1997. Beograd uživo '97 - 1 was followed by Beograd uživo '97 - 2 as the band instead of releasing a double live album opted for two separate releases. Album was recorded on Riblja Čorba concerts held on May 31 and June 1 1997 on Belgrade's Tašmajdan Stadium.
 Elk Landing is the name of a historic home located at Elkton Cecil County Maryland. The house at Elk Landing was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It is a two story fieldstone dwelling three bays wide by two bays deep with a gable roof dating to about 1780. Its interior features a corner fireplace in its northeast corner as well as a full basement.
 Go Tell Fire to the Mountain is the debut album by English band WU LYF released on 13 June 2011. The album was released to high anticipation and the backing of NME Stereogum and Pitchfork Media.
 Dr. Marri Channa Reddy (1919–1996) was an Indian politician active in several states. He was the governor of Uttar Pradesh (1974–1977) governor of Punjab (1982–1983) governor of Rajasthan from February 1992 to May 1993 and governor of Tamil Nadu from 1993 until his death. He was a leader of Indian National Congress Party.
 Ashtrayhead is an album by the English group Ashtrayhead released in 1997 (see 1997 in music).The band's only album released on April 21 1997 in Europe by Dynamica and on May 27 1997 in the United States by Invisible Records. The original CD sleeve featured a heavily made-up Marc Heal with several hundred cigarettes glued to his head.
 Rogaguado Lake is a tropical fresh water in the northern Bolivia in the Yacuma Province of the Beni Department. It is close to the Rogagua Lake. The lake is 2540 km long and 1853 km wide and it has an area of 315 km² making it one of the biggest lakes in Bolivia. It contains six islands the biggest ones of 1 km² and the smaller ones of o65 km² located at the north side of the lake.
 Nadi Theke Sagare is a 1978 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Aurobindo Mukherjee starring Mithun Chakraborty and Soumitra Chatterjee in stellar roles.
 Yukarıçaybelen Bayat is a village in the District of Bayat Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 The Caswell–Taylor House was a historic home located at 803 North Fourth Street in the Fourth and Gill neighborhood of Knoxville Tennessee. It is also known as The Governor's House as it was the home of Governor Robert Love Taylor for several years.The house included a variety of architectural styles including Queen Anne Late Victorian and Eastlake. The property a private residence was on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Kalateh-ye Khuni (Persian: كلاته خوني‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Khūnī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Ḩūnī) is a village in Balaband Rural District in the Central District of Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Arabia Mountain is a monadnock in DeKalb County Georgia USA. The peak is 954 feet (290m) above sea level rising 170 feet (52m) above Arabia Lake reservoir. It is now part of the Davidson-Arabia Mountain Nature Preserve a DeKalb County park.
 Pico del Caballo Cerro del Caballo or simply Caballo (horse) is 3011 m high mountain in the Sierra Nevada Spain.It is the westernmost three thousander of the range.
 Château de Montastruc is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Journal of Consumer Research publishes scholarly research that covers empirical theoretical and methodological aspects of research on consumer behavior spanning a broad range of fields including psychology marketing sociology economics anthropology and communications. It is published by the University of Chicago Press.
 Kureh Rudbar (Persian: كوره رودبار‎ also Romanized as Kūreh Rūdbār) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 11 families.
 Parnassus is the annual literary arts magazine of Northern Essex Community College in Haverhill Massachusetts. The magazine has been in publication since 1965 and was a bi-annual publication until 2008 when it switched to a yearly publication with issues released at the end of each year's spring semester in May.
 The Little Siskiwit River is a 9.0-mile-long (14.5 km) river on Isle Royale in Lake Superior in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 Dangerous Moves is a 1984 French-language film about chess directed by Richard Dembo and starring Michel Piccoli and Alexandre Arbatt. Its original French title is La diagonale du fou (The Fool's Diagonal referring to the chess piece called the bishop in English but the fool in French). The film was a co-production between companies in France and Switzerland. It tells the story of two very different men competing in the final match of the World Chess Championship.
 Tales with Misono: Best is an EP/greatest hits album by former Day After Tomorrow lead singer Misono. The disc features 6 songs 2 by Day After Tomorrow and 4 by Misono one of which is a previously unreleased track.
 Kalpana (English title: Imagination) is a Hindi film featuring a dance-drama written and directed by noted dancer Uday Shankar in 1948. It is his only film. The story revolves around a young dancer’s dream of setting up a dance academy a reflection Shankar's own academy which he founded at Almora.
 The Edward Little House is an historic house at 217 Main Street in Auburn Maine within the Main Street Historic District.The house was built in 1827 and was home to Edward Little. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 What Rhymes With Cars And Girls is the first solo album by You Am I frontman Tim Rogers and the only release featuring the backing band The Twin Set (though members of the group would form Rogers's second solo backing band The Temperance Union). 'You've Been So Good To Me So Far' and 'I Left My Heart All Over The Place' were released as a double-sided radio single.
 Rudolf Hieronymus Petersen (born 30 December 1878 in Hamburg; died 10 September 1962 in Wentorf bei Hamburg) was a German businessman politician (CDU) and First Mayor of Hamburg (1945–46).Petersen was the brother of Carl Wilhelm Petersen. In 1911 he founded the business Rudolf Petersen und Co. — after several mergers today MPC Capital AG. In May 1945 after the World War II Brigadier General Sir George Armytage — Military Governor of Hamburg — appointed Petersen mayor of Hamburg.
 The Isorno is an Italian and Swiss river a tributary of the Melezzo Orientale.Its source is in Italy near Pioda di Crana. It passes through Bagni a frazione of Craveggia then entering Switzerland it flows through Onsernone Mosogno Isorno and Intragna where it joins the Melezzo Orientale.Its valley although easily reached from Lugano Bellinzona Domodossola and Locarno is one of the wildest in Switzerland and there is a proposal to institute a national park like that of Engadin.
 Sadeqiyeh (Persian: صادقيه‎ also Romanized as Şādeqīyeh) is a village in Barf Anbar Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 279 in 63 families.
 Kempegowda Museum is a government museum located in the city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka India. It was established in the year 2011 is dedicated to Yelahanka chieftain Kempegowda (1513-1569) who is the founder of Bangalore city. The museum is located on the first floor of Mayo Hall. The museum has Kempegowda's statue as well as posters and pictures of forts temples reservoirs and inscriptions from his time.
 The Bratcov River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 The Last Chicken in America: A Novel in Stories is a work of fiction by Ellen Litman set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania during the 1990s. The novel tells the story of Masha just out of high school when her family arrives from Russia in Pittsburgh's Jewish neighborhood Squirrel Hill.
 W.J. Maxey Boys Training School offers treatment to delinquent male youths 12 to 21 years of age. The 60-bed facility provides services to Michigan youth who require intensive or specialized rehabilitation treatment and a high level of security and structure.
 The Four-Bit Man is a 1919 short Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 NeveroddoreveN is an album by the British Electronic music group I Monster. It was originally released in 2003 by Instant Karma sublabel Dharma Records during a period of transition for the band's label. It was recorded in the home studio of band member Dean Honer. Capitalization of the final letter in the album's name is suggested by the typography of the original cover art but recognition of this has been inconsistent in the press. The title is a palindrome.
 The Arauá River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Raven: The Untold Story of the Rev. Jim Jones and His People details the life and ultimate demise of Jim Jones and the Peoples Temple. Written by journalist Tim Reiterman the book reviews the history of the Peoples Temple. The book includes numerous interviews audio tapes and documents among its hundreds of sources.
 Fort Phoenix is an American Revolutionary War-era fort located at the entrance to the Fairhaven-New Bedford harbor south of U.S. 6 in Fort Phoenix Park in Fairhaven Massachusetts.On September 5–6 1778 Fort Phoenix was destroyed by the British when they were raiding the harbor.
 The 104th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1 and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This date was January 4 1927 which was two weeks before the beginning of the third administrative year of Governor Robert P. Robinson and James H. Anderson as Lieutenant Governor.
 Grihanathan (Malayalam: ഗൃഹനാഥൻ) is a 2012 Malayalam family film directed by Mohan Kupleri starring Mukesh and Sonia Agarwal in the lead roles.
 Relic of Empire is a science fiction novel by W. Michael Gear.
 William Thomas Pipes (April 15 1850 – October 7 1909) was a politician in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Morgenrot is a 1933 German submarine film set during World War I. Released three days after Adolf Hitler became Reichskanzler it was the first film to have its screening in Nazi Germany. It became a symbol of the new times touted by the Nazi regime.The title (literally morning-red) is the German term for the reddish coloring of the east sky about a half hour before the sunrise. Dawn was the U.S.
 The Pra River is a river in Ghana the easternmost and the largest of the three principal rivers that drain the area south of the Volta divide. Rising in the Kwahu Plateau near Mpraeso and flowing southward for 240 km through rich cocoa and farming areas and valuable forests in the Akan lowlands the Pra enters the Gulf of Guinea east of Takoradi. In the 19th century the Pra served as the border between the Ashanti Confederacy and the Gold Coast.
 Ezequiel David Salinas Sr. (March 20 1908 - March 13 2007) was a Mexican American Democratic state court judge from Laredo the seat of Webb County in south Texas known for his advocacy of civil rights for the Hispanic community. In the late 1940s Salinas was defeated in a race for the Texas House of Representatives but was elected to the 111th District Court in 1950. He served in that position until 1974.
 Misión Nueva Pompeya is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 Ignacio Tuason Arroyo Jr. (October 24 1950 – January 26 2012) also known as Iggy Arroyo was a Filipino politician. He was a member of the Philippine House of Representatives representing the Fifth District of Negros Occidental from 2004. He is the brother of former First Gentleman Jose Miguel Arroyo. He was born to Ignacio L. Arroyo Sr. and Lourdes Tuason-Arroyo.
 Jahmekya is a 1991 studio album by the reggae group Ziggy Marley and the Melody Makers.
 Newtown Creek is a 3.5-mile (6-kilometer) long estuary that forms part of the border between the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens in New York City New York United States. It derives its name from New Town (Nieuwe Stad) which was the name for the Dutch and British settlement in what is now Elmhurst Queens.
 The Oliver Wight House is a historic house located on Main Street (U.S. Route 20) in Sturbridge Massachusetts. Built in the 1780s the house was first occupied by local cabinet maker Oliver Wight and his family. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The Georgian style dwelling was operated as a motor lodge by Old Sturbridge Village until 2006.
 The Woodland Street Historic District is a historic housing district in the Main South area of Worcester Massachusetts. It consists of 19 Victorian houses that either face or abut on Woodland Street between Charlotte and Oberlin Streets. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Goleszczyzna [ɡɔlɛʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Brudzew 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Turek and 119 km (74 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Vaniusha and The Space Pirate (Russian: Ванюша и космический пират) is a 1991 Soviet Russian stop-motion animation film by Vladimir Danilevich. This film prodused by Soyuzmultfilm studio. The film is about The Friendly Newcomer from another planet. The film is The Third Film of the tetralogy which tells about the adventures of The Newcomer Vaniusha and his friends. Other three films called The Newcomer in The Cabbage Vaniusha The Newcomer and Vaniusha and The Giant.
 António Mendo de Castel-Branco do Amaral Osório Borges (18 November 1949 – 25 August 2013) was a Portuguese economist and banker. He was also a Managing Director and International Adviser of Goldman Sachs.
 The Bega (Romanian: Bega Serbian: Begej (Бегеј) German: Bega Hungarian: Béga) is a 254 km long river in Romania (178 km) and Serbia (76 km). It rises in the Poiana Ruscă mountains in Romania part of the Carpathian Mountains and it flows into the Tisa river near Titel Vojvodina Serbia.
 Reba is the fifteenth studio album released in 1988 by Reba McEntire the title signifying that she had become so well known that she could be identified by first name alone but also signaling an entirely different style to her music. Gone were the steel guitars and fiddles of My Kind of Country and Have I Got a Deal for You to be replaced by a highly produced and orchestrated sound.
 Toba is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil.
 Unquestionable Presence: Live At Wacken is a two disc live album by the technical death metal band Atheist. Disc one features the band's reunion performance at Wacken Open Air in 2006 and disc two features a compilation of Atheist tracks from previous albums.
 St Mary's Church Wormsley is a redundant Anglican church in Wormsley some 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) northwest of Hereford Herefordshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Patrick Pat Michael Hayes (October 26 1942 - May 2 2011) was a politician in Ontario Canada. He served as a New Democratic Party (NDP) member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1985 to 1987 and again from 1990 to 1995.
 The Plague (French: La Peste) is a novel by Albert Camus published in 1947 that tells the story of medical workers finding solidarity in their labour as the Algerian city of Oran is swept by a plague. It asks a number of questions relating to the nature of destiny and the human condition.
 Pilodeudorix infuscata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in southern Nigeria the Republic of Congo Uganda (from the western part of the country to Bwamba) and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Thomas's fruit-eating bat (Artibeus watsoni) sometimes also popularly called Watson's fruit-eating bat is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is found in southern Mexico Belize Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Costa Rica Panama and Colombia. The species name is in honor of H. J. Watson a plantation owner in western Panama who used to send specimens to the British Natural History Museum where Oldfield Thomas would often describe them.
 The Church of St Aldhelm in Doulting Somerset England dates from the 12th century. It is a Grade I listed building.The church has a tall spire rather than the towers which are more usual in Somerset. It has a two-storey porch which incorporates a carving of the Green Man into its vaulting.The dedication to St Aldhelm is unusual and arises from the 8th century when King Ine of Wessex gave the local estate to Glastonbury Abbey after his nephew Aldhelm died in the village in 709.
 Like the Actors E.P. is an EP of the band Eisley released December 18 2007 on Reprise Records. The EP contains the proper version of Sun Feet as well as B-Sides from Combinations.
 Obadiah Smith House is a historic home located at Kings Park in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1708 and is a two-story heavy timber frame five-bay center entrance dwelling with a side gable roof and interior end chimneys. It is operated as a house museum by the Smithtown Historical Society.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Protatlanta rotundata is an extinct species of sea snail a holoplanktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Atlantidae.
 Büsching is a lunar impact crater that is located in the crater-covered southern highlands of the Moon. The similar-sized crater Buch is located adjacent to its southwestern rim and further to the southwest lies Maurolycus.This crater has been eroded by a long history of subsequent impacts so that the rim has been worn down and the edge rounded. Several small craterlets lie along the edge of the rim and there is a tiny crater on the interior floor near the east-southeastern rim.
 Chhota Bheem In Junglee Kabeela is an Indian animated movie which belongs to the Chhota Bheem series. The main character of the movie is Bheem. It is the 17th movie of the series. Running Time- 55 mins. The story of this movie is same as Chhota Bheem and The Broken Amulet. This movie was released on 9 June 2013.
 Aethes nefandana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Austria the Czech Republic Slovakia Croatia Albania Bulgaria Romania the Republic of Macedonia Greece Russia Asia Minor and western Kazakstan.The wingspan is 19–20 mm. Adults are on wing from April to July.The larvae feed on Eryngium species.
 Matsudaira Shigetada (松平 重忠 1570 – August 22 1626) was a Japanese daimyo of the Azuchi-Momoyama period to early Edo period. His court title was Tango no kami.In 1612 Shigetada became an ōbangashira (captain of the great guard). He took part in the attack on Osaka Castle in the winter campaign of 1614 and in the defense of Fushimi Castle the following spring and summer.
 Dear Wife is a 1949 comedy film starring Joan Caulfield and William Holden. It is the sequel to Dear Ruth which was based on the Broadway play of the same name by Norman Krasna.J. D. Salinger the author of Catcher in the Rye has stated that he conjured the name of the book's protagonist Holden Caulfield when he saw a movie theatre marquee in his community displaying the names of the lead actors.
 Hull Creek is a 6.5-mile-long (10.5 km) tributary of the tidal portion of the Potomac River in Northumberland County in Virginia's Northern Neck.
 Katal Vasili (Persian: كتل ويسعلي‎ also Romanized as Katal Vasīlī) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 19 families.
 St. Thomas Episcopal Church is a historic church on Craven Street in Bath North Carolina. The church building was constructed in 1734 and is the oldest surviving church building in North Carolina.St. Thomas Parish was established soon after the founding of Bath County North Carolina in 1696 with the original church parishioners meeting in homes. Around 1700 Rev.
 Magane Magane is a 1982 Indian Tamil film directed by K.N.Lakmanan starring Srikanth and Soukar janaki in lead roles. The film had musical score by Ilayaraja and was released on 1982.
 The Anthology (1993 Mercury Records) is a 2-disc set that contains previously released and unreleased material of Bachman–Turner Overdrive studio and live recordings. In addition the first two songs on Disc One are from BTO's precursor group Brave Belt.
 Streets of Glory is a 6-issue western comic book mini-series written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Mike Wolfer. It was published by Avatar Press and the first issue was released in September 2007.
 The Magic of Oz: A Faithful Record of the Remarkable Adventures of Dorothy and Trot and the Wizard of Oz Together with the Cowardly Lion the Hungry Tiger and Cap'n Bill in Their Successful Search for a Magical and Beautiful Birthday Present for Princess Ozma of Oz is the thirteenth Land of Oz book written by L. Frank Baum.
 Kampala Tower sometimes referred to as the East African Trade Centre is a proposed building in Kampala the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country.
 A Push and a Shove: A Novel is a 2007 novel in the thriller genre by Christopher Kelly. Kelly an openly gay man is a film critic and journalist for Fort Worth Star-Telegram and Texas Monthly. Kelly developed the story over four years and it is slightly autobiographical [...] with elements of me in both the main characters. Publishers Weekly recommended it as a combination of revenge and coming-of-age story.The novel won the Lambda Literary Award for Gay Debut Fiction in 2007.
 The Carrie Pierce House is located in Madison Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Mutation is the 36th book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Erica Bobone. It is narrated by Jake.
 Invités Surprises (English: Guests surprised) is a comic film of Côte d'Ivoire issued in 2008 directed by Mike Yoboué.
 Climates (Turkish: İklimler) is a 2006 Turkish drama film directed by Nuri Bilge Ceylan. The film charts the deteriorating relationship between a professional Istanbul couple İsa and Bahar played by Ceylan and his wife Ebru Ceylan. It was Ceylan's first film shot on High-definition video.
 Let It Roll is an album released in 1989 by Don Johnson on the Epic/CBS Records label. Barbra Streisand contributed background vocals on What If It Takes All Night. It also features Johnson's rendition of Aaron Neville's Tell It Like It Is.
 The Daily Cougar is a daily newspaper run entirely by students at the University of Houston.In publication since April 6 1928 The Daily Cougar was originally named The Cougar. The Daily Cougar operates as a student-managed school-funded forum for the university community.The Daily Cougar publishes Monday through Friday during the school year and Wednesdays during the summer though it has run Tuesdays and Thursdays and Mondays and Wednesdays in previous summers.
 You'll Never Eat Lunch in This Town Again is an autobiography by Julia Phillips detailing her career as a film producer and disclosing the power games and debauchery of New Hollywood in the 1970s and 1980s. It was first published in 1991 and became an immediate cause célèbre and bestseller. The book was reissued in 2002 after the author's death.
 Dark Star (foaled 1950 in Kentucky) was an American thoroughbred racehorse and sire. During his racing career he won six races most notably the 1953 Kentucky Derby in which he defeated Native Dancer.
 Phloeostichidae is a family of beetles in the suborder Polyphaga.
 Frederick Walter Hyndman (February 13 1904 – October 12 1995) was an insurance company executive and political figure on Prince Edward Island. He served as the 18th Lieutenant Governor of Prince Edward Island from March 1958 to August 1963.He was born in Charlottetown the son of Walter Eardley Hyndman and Winnifred Sarah Cotton and was educated at Prince of Wales College. In 1934 Hyndman married Norah Cecile Shannon. He served as a major during World War II.
 Eugraphosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Eugraphosia rubrizonea which is found in Peru.
 Połęcze [pɔˈwɛnt͡ʂɛ] (German: Polenzhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Deh-e Karbalayi Reza (Persian: ده كربلائي رضا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Karbalāyī Rez̤ā) is a village in Khenaman Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chah-e Sam (Persian: چاه سم‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Sam) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 30 families.
 The Enchanter Completed: A Tribute Anthology for L. Sprague de Camp is a 2005 gedenkschrift honoring science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp in the form of an anthology of short stories edited by Harry Turtledove. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books. All but one of the pieces are original to the anthology; the remaining one Frederik Pohl's The Deadly Mission of P.
 Echidgnathia khomasana is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Namibia.
 Aulotarache is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Puijo tower is a 75 metres (246 ft) high observation tower in Kuopio Eastern Finland. The tower opened in 1963 has a revolving restaurant with 100 seats. It was the first tower with a revolving restaurant in the Nordic countries. The restaurant was an inspiration to Erkki Lindfors the mayor of Tampere who got the idea to build a similar one in his home town resulting in the Näsinneula tower which opened in 1971.
 Seč dam (Czech Sečská přehrada) is an artificial drinking water reservoir located in Pardubice Region Czech Republic. It supplies cities of Pardubice and Chrudim and is also an important tourist destination located in protected area Železné hory. The dam has also regulatory function and its water is used in some water power plants.
 Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt (パンティ＆ストッキングwithガーターベルト Panti ando Sutokkingu wizu Gātāberuto) is a Japanese anime television series produced by Gainax. It aired nationwide in Japan between October 1 2010 and December 24 2010 on BS Nittele (a free-to-air satellite service of Nippon Television) and was also simulcast on Nico Nico Douga and Crunchyroll. It was also syndicated terrestrially in eight markets including a few JAITS members like Tokyo MX and TVQ a TXN affiliate.
 Hasselbach (Dalke) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Three Cups of Tea: One Man's Mission to Promote Peace ... One School at a Time (original hardcover title: Three Cups of Tea: One Man's Mission to Fight Terrorism and Build Nations ... One School at a Time) is a book by Greg Mortenson and David Oliver Relin published by Penguin in 2007.
 The eXile was a Moscow-based English-language biweekly free tabloid newspaper aimed at the city's expatriate community which combined outrageous sometimes satirical content with investigative reporting.
 Different Tacos is a 1996 live album by Texas-based blues rock band The Fabulous Thunderbirds. The album features a collection of rarities B-sides and outtakes from their first four albums. It also contains live tracks from various UK tours.
 Lac de Bonnal is a lake between Haute-Saône and Doubs France.
 The western nectar bat (Lonchophylla hesperia) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. It is found in Ecuador and Peru. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 James Hamilton Jr. (May 8 1786 – November 15 1857) was an American lawyer and politician. He represented South Carolina in the U.S. Congress (1822–1829) and served as its 53rd Governor (1830–1832).James was born on May 8 1786 in Charleston South Carolina to James and Elizabeth (Lynch) Hamilton-daughter of Congressman Thomas Lynch and sister of Thomas Lynch Jr. He practiced law in Charleston and for several years served the city as its mayor.
 Golińsk [ˈɡɔliɲsk] (German: Göhlenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieroszów within Wałbrzych County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic.
 Lac de Gravelle is a lake in Paris France. At an elevation of 70 m its surface area is 0.01 km².
 Guardian Angel is the fourteenth novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore and the second book of the Aramov series the sequel series to the best-selling CHERUB series which was published between 2004 and 2010. This carries on from the series featuring long-standing central character James Adams. The series has a new central character called Ryan Sharma.
 Qatar-e Sofla (Persian: قطارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Qaţār-e Soflá; also known as Qaţār Qeshlāq) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 16 families.
 Overcoming Life's Disappointments (ISBN 1-4000-3336-5) is a 2006 book by Harold Kushner a Conservative rabbi. Kushner addresses in the book the question of how to cope when disappointing things happen to you. He uses Biblical examples such as how Moses coped with being denied entrance to The Promised Land as well as secular examples such as how Abraham Lincoln coped with depression.
 Zorya (Cyrillic: Зоря) is the debut release by the Canadian-Ukrainian singer-songwriter Luba then known under her full name Lubomyra Kowalchyk. It is a collaboration with an ensemble called Via Zorya (Вiа Зоря). The album was recorded and released around 1975 on vinyl LP. The vinyl is still in print and the album has been made available as a digital download on various online stores.
 Eupoecilia quinaspinalis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Fujian Hainan).The wingspan is 11–13 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellowish intermixed with dark brown. The basal half of the costa is suffused with dark brown. The hindwings are dark greyish.
 The Săcăduș River ( Hungarian: Szakadás-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name means Breakdown Creek in (Hungarian).
 Adrasan is a village in the District of Kumluca Antalya Province Turkey.
 Sir Alan Edward Percival Rose was the 30th Chief Justice of Ceylon. He was appointed in 1952 succeeding Edward Jayetileke and was Chief Justice until 1956. He was succeeded by Hema Henry Basnayake. He also served as Chief Justice of Singapore.
 Calathus solieri is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can bde found on the islands such as Sardinia and Sicily.
 Where the Fire Burns (Turkish: Ateşin Düştüğü Yer) is a 2012 Turkish drama film directed by İsmail Güneş. The film was selected as the Turkish entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Luminessence is an album composed by American pianist Keith Jarrett featuring saxophonist Jan Garbarek and the Südfunk-Sinfonieorchester conducted by Mladen Gutesha which was released on the ECM label in 1975. Jarrett does not perform on this album.
 Kayı is a village in the District of Güdül Ankara Province Turkey.
 The Rogue River (Tolowa: yan-shuu-chit’ taa-ghii~-li~’) in southwestern Oregon in the United States flows about 215 miles (346 km) in a generally westward direction from the Cascade Range to the Pacific Ocean. Known for its salmon runs whitewater rafting and rugged scenery it was one of the original eight rivers named in the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act of 1968.
 More Than Lazy expands 1994's Lazy from seven songs to nineteen and gives even more insight into Scott Taylor's song writing as the listener is treated to the greatest number of Grifterized Hot Monkey tunes.
 Asarta aethiopella is a species of snout moths in the genus Asarta. It was described by Duponchel in 1837. It is found in France Spain Switzerland Italy Germany Austria Slovakia Bosnia and Herzegovina Albania the Republic of Macedonia Bulgaria Romania Ukraine and Russia.The wingspan is 14–16 mm.
 Tabor Church (Wilhelmshagen) (German: Tabor-Kirche) is one of the three churches of the Evangelical Berlin-Rahnsdorf Congregation a member of today's Protestant umbrella organisation Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia. The church building is located in the quarter Wilhelmshagen locality Rahnsdorf borough Treptow-Köpenick of Berlin. The church was named in memory of the Transfiguration of Jesus which allegedly took place on Mount Tabor הר תבור in today's Israel.
 Sigła [ˈɕiɡwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Aleksandrów 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Biłgoraj and 92 km (57 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 15.
 Tuj (Persian: توج‎ also Romanized as Tūj and Tooj; also known as Tūch) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 5 families.
 Baba Haider Zaman is a political personality of HazaraKPPakistan.He got fame after launching a protest compaign against changing the name of Sarhad Province.In 2010the whole political leadership of Hazara Division was united under his guidance and a demand of separate province Suba Hazara was strengthened by a division-wide prostest.He is a former Provincial Minister and District Nazim of Abbottabad.During his tenure as nazim he shot to prominence for opposing the renaming of the NWFP to Pakhtunkhwa. 
 Techné: Research in Philosophy and Technology is a peer-reviewed academic journal with a focus on philosophical analysis of technological systems. The journal was established in 1995 as an electronic journal under the sponsorship of the Society for Philosophy and Technology. It is published three times per year and online access to the journal is a benefit of membership in the society. The journal is published for the society by the Philosophy Documentation Center.
 Isabelle Eberhardt is an Australian-French film.The FFC invested $1.9 million in the film.
 Schloßsee is a lake in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of -0.5 m its surface area is 0.1 km².
 Qorbanabad (Persian: قربان اباد‎ also Romanized as Qorbānābād) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1209 in 241 families.
 XYZ is a 1987 album by Andy Summers. It is the only Andy Summers solo album to feature his vocals though an uncredited vocal by Summers appears on World Gone Strange. The title XYZ comes from the middle names of Summers's three children. His daughter Layla (born 1978) has the middle name 'Z' and his twin sons Maurice and Anton (born 1987) have the middle names 'X' and 'Y' respectively.
 Platylestes praemorsus is a damselfly species in the family Lestidae. It is commonly known as the scalloped spreadwing. Platylestes praemorsus is ofen put into the genus Lestes where it is better known as Lestes praemorsus. This damselfly can be found quite commonly in shaded lowland swamps and drains. Unlike most damselflies Playlestes praemorsus usually perches in a hanging or at least slanting position (rather than horizontally) with its wings half open.
 Chnam Oun 16 is a 1973 Khmer film starring Chea Yuthon and Saom Vansodany. Shortly after the film was released the public found Chea Yuthon and saom Vansodany engaged.
 Wolves of the North is a 1924 Northern drama film serial directed by and starring William Duncan. This serial is considered to be a lost film.
 Brian J. Sullivan was elected to the Snohomish County Council in November 2007 and took office in January 2008. He represents County Council District 2 which includes the cities of Everett and Mukilteo as well as portions of unincorporated Snohomish County.
 Husów [ˈxusuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markowa within Łańcut County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Łańcut and 21 km (13 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 2000.
 Smart Blonde is a 1937 American film directed by Frank McDonald. Glenda Farrell plays Torchy Blane former showgirl newspaper reporter on the police beat and girlfriend of Homicide Detective Steve McBride (Barton MacLane). This is the first of nine Torchy Blane films seven of them featuring Farrell which ran until 1939.Detective novelist Frederick Nebel's reporter Torchy Blaine was a male news-hound named Kennedy. For Warner Bros. Smart Blonde the character's name and gender were changed.
 Praise Band: The Movie is a 2008 faith-based film by Elevating Entertainment Motion Pictures. It starred George Hamilton IV Adam Melton and James Dana Bryan. The screenplay was written by Joshua Moody and the film was produced and directed by Dave Moody.
 The William J. Graham House at 548 California Ave. in Reno Nevada United States is a historic Tudor Revival house that was built in 1928. It was designed by George A. Schastey. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1983.It was deemed significant primarily for its association with William J.
 Barbus brazzai is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Vahid Musayev Abdulla oglu (Azerbaijani: Vahid Musayev Abdulla oğlu) (died January 8 1999) was the deputy Minister of Defense of Azerbaijan and Acting Minister within the month of August (unspecified) 1993.
 Heidi is a 1993 television miniseries based on the classic Swissnovel by Johanna Spyri which has sold over 50 million copies and has been adapted for film and television nearly 20 times. Heidi originally aired on July 18 and 19 1993. and stars Noley Thorton in the title role.
 The Feathered Brindle (Aporophyla australis) is a species of moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in western and southern Europe North Africa and the Middle East.The wingspan is 36–42 mm. In the British Isles adults are on wing from August to October in one generation per year.In the Balkans there are two generations per year and the flight period is August September October November December.The larvae feed on various plants including Silene maritima and grasses.
 Labdia citracma is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Taiwan Japan India and China.The wingspan is 10–15 mm.
 Charaxes mycerina the Mycerina Untailed Charaxes is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Central African Republic the Republic of Congo Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo and Equatorial Guinea. The habitat consists of lowland evergreen forests.
 The long-tailed planigale (Planigale ingrami) also known as Ingram's planigale or the northern planigale is the smallest of all marsupials and one of the smallest of all mammals. It is rarely seen but a quite common inhabitant of the blacksoil plains clay-soiled woodlands and seasonally flooded grasslands of Australia's Top End.
 Lasolo River is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia.Tributaries include the Lalindu River.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Āli-e Hāshemī) is a village in Golmakan Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 18 families.
 Magic's Price is the 1992 fantasy novel and final in the The Last Herald Mage Trilogy by Mercedes Lackey.
 Totland Church (Norwegian: Totland kyrkje) is a parish church in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Totland along the shores of the Nordfjorden. The church is part of the Vågsøy parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1912 to serve the people of the old Davik municipality who lived on the north side of the Nordfjorden.
 Goldhunga is a Village Development Committee(VDC) in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. According to National Population and Housing Census 2011 there are 3806 households in the VDC and the total population is 16174.
 Boonoonoonoos is the fifth studio album by Boney M. It was released in September 1981.Despite producer Frank Farian having announced by the end of 1979 that Boney M. were to take a break recording sessions for a new album began in the spring of 1980 and the title Boonoonoonoos (a Caribbean word for Happiness) already appeared as one of the first completed tracks a cover of Larry Dillon's ska-title Train to Skaville which was intertwined with new rap parts That's Boonoonoonoos.
 Barbara J. Barb Goodwin (born January 25 1949) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) she represents District 41 which includes portions of Anoka Hennepin and Ramsey counties in the northern Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 Something Near is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author August Derleth. It was released in 1945 and was the author's second book published by Arkham House. 2054 copies were printed. The collection has never been reprinted.Most of the stories had appeared earlier in the magazine Weird Tales.
 The Walter C. Lyne House at 135 East South Temple St. in Salt Lake City Utah was built in 1898. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.It was built for Walter C. Lyne and is considered to be the finest remaining work of Jasper N. Melton a local builder who also designed the homes he built.
 The Frederick Collins House is a historic house at 1734 Beacon Street in Newton Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1847 and is the only temple-front Greek Revival house in the village of Waban. It as two-story Ionic columns supporting an entablature and triangular pediment. The tympanum is flushboarded an attempt to give it the appearance of ashlar stone.
 Brachyrhynchocyon is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore which belonged to the family Amphicyonidae (bear dogs) of the suborder Caniformia.
 Ludwików [ludˈvikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przygodzice within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Przygodzice 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 116 km (72 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Abdul Rahim Ghafoorzai (d. August 21 1997) was a politician and diplomat of Afghanistan. He was an ethnic Pashtun a member of the Mohammadzai tribe. During the 1970s he entered the Afghan foreign service. He was sent to the United States to represent the political administration supported by the Soviet Union. As the Ambassador to the UN Mr. Ghafoorzai thought it his duty to call on the global partners to denounce the Soviet invasion in 1979.
 Młyńsko [ˈmwɨɲskɔ] (German: Mühlseiffen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfów Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Gryfów Śląski 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Lwówek Śląski and 113 km (70 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Fath was a Persian-language newspaper published in Iran.
 Scoparia animosa is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1914. It is found in New Zealand.
 Out Of The Races and Onto The Tracks is the first legitimate EP by The Rapture. It was released in 2001 before Gabriel Andruzzi had joined the band. The title track was featured in the film The Rules of Attraction.
 Mount Odlum is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1917 after Odlum Brigadier-General V.W.
 The Oliver H. Hovda House also known as Hovda House is a historic Classical Revival style house on N. Woodward St. in Absarokee Montana that was built in 1900. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It was built by carpenter Jacob Wagner for Oliver Hovda young businessman and postmaster of Absarokee which had been founded in an area of Crow Indian reservation that was opened to settlement in 1892.
 Sun Princess (1980–2001) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and Broodmare. In a career which lasted from September 1982 until October 1984 she ran ten times and won three races. She recorded all her successes at Group One level when a three-year-old in 1983 winning the Classic Epsom Oaks by a record margin of twelve lengths and the Yorkshire Oaks against other females before defeating colts in the St. Leger Stakes.
 Silicon Chip is an Australian electronics magazine. It was started in November 1987 by Leo Simpson. Following the demise of Electronics Australia it is the only hobbyist-related electronics magazine remaining in Australia.
 The Waddy House also known as the Williamson farm or the Jarvis Ballard house is a historic home located at Princess Anne Somerset County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story Georgian-style mid-18th-century brick house supported by a raised Flemish bond brick foundation. The four-room plan dwelling measures 32 feet across by 32 feet deep.
 A Kiss Before Dying is a 1991 British and American neo-noir film. It was directed by James Dearden and based on the novel of the same name by Ira Levin whose book won the 1954 Edgar Award for Best First Novel. It was adapted for the cinema once before in 1956. The drama features Matt Dillon Sean Young and others.
 Bridge of Birds is a fantasy novel by Barry Hughart first published in 1984. It is the first of three novels in the The Chronicles of Master Li and Number Ten Ox series.
 Feudin' Fussin' and A-Fightin' (1948) is a musical comedy film from Universal Studios starring Donald O'Connor. Also featured are Marjorie Main and Percy Kilbride (who later reprised essentially the same roles as Ma and Pa Kettle) with Penny Edwards as the perky love interest.It cost $454000.
 The Colentina River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.The following lakes are built on the river: Lake Moarta Lake Ciocăneşti I Lake Ciocăneşti I Lake Crevedia VI Lake Buftea Lake Mogoşoaia Lake Chitila Lake Străuleşti - 39 ha. Lake Griviţa - 80 ha. Lake Băneasa - 40 ha. Lake Herăstrău - 77 ha. Lake Floreasca - 70 ha. Lake Tei - 80 ha. Lake Plumbuita - 55 ha. Lake Fundeni - 123 ha. Lake Pantelimon I - 120 ha. Lake Pantelimon II - 260 ha. Lake Cernica - 360 ha.
 Hiroshi Mitsuzuka (三塚博 Mitsuzuka Hiroshi 1 August 1927 – 25 April 2004) was a veteran Japanese politician. He was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan. He represented his party at the House of Representatives from 1972 to 2003. In addition he served as transport minister international trade minister finance minister and foreign affairs minister.
 St Peter's Church Hindley is located in Atherton Road Hindley Wigan Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wigan the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. St Peter's is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Gap View Farm near Charles Town West Virginia is a historic farm complex built in 1774. The farm was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 9 1997.
 Abbas Kuh (Persian: عباسكوه‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbās Kūh) is a village in Aliyan Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 477 in 122 families.
 Jan Dara is a 2012 Thai film that is based on a novel by Pramool Unhathoop The Story of Jan Dara.
 Heliaea mirabilis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Heliaea of the family Tachinidae.
 Mount Madison is a mountain in the Presidential Range of New Hampshire in the United States. It is named after the fourth U.S. President James Madison.Mountains in the Presidential Range are named for U.S. presidents with the tallest (Mt. Washington) named for the first president the second tallest (Mt. Adams) for the second president and so on. However due to a surveying error Mt. Monroe named after the fifth President James Monroe is actually 22 feet (6.7 m) taller than Mt. Madison.
 Nuhne is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Fort Washington Plaza is located at the corner of West Fort Street and Washington Boulevard in downtown Detroit Michigan. It occupies the entire block bordered by West Fort Street Washington Boulevard Cass Avenue and West Congress Street. The high-rise office building stands 16 stories in height. It was built in 1969 and includes a parking garage. It was designed in the international architectural style. It uses mainly concrete and glass.
 Patricia M. Clancy is a former Republican member of the Ohio General Assembly representing the 8th District from 2005 to 2007. She is the daughter of former Cincinnati Mayor and U.S. Congressman Donald D. Clancy. Clancy first ran for the Ohio House of Representatives in 1996 after Representative Lou Blessing opted to run for the Ohio Senate. She won and was reelected in 1998 and 2000. For the 124th Ohio General Assembly Clancy was named as majority leader of the House.
 Lawrence Frick State Hospital was a state mental health hospital near Cresson Pennsylvania that had several different names and uses before becoming defunct and converted into a prison in the 1980s.
 Scinax rostratus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Colombia Guyana Panama Suriname Venezuela and possibly Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes pastureland rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Andrew Stein (born Andrew J. Finkelstein; March 4 1945) is an American Democratic politician who served on the New York City Council and was its last President and as Manhattan Borough President. Stein's father Jerry Finkelstein was the multi-millionaire publisher of the New York Law Journal among other publications. Andrew Stein shortened his name when he entered politics.
 The Hinterrhein (English: Posterior Rhine) is one of the two initial tributaries of the Rhine (less in length but bigger by volume) in the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland flowing from the village Hinterrhein near the San Bernardino pass through the Rheinwald valley into a gorge called Roflaschlucht. In this gorge an equally sized tributary the Avers Rhine adds waters from the very remote Avers valley and its side valley Valle di Lei on Italian territory.
 Experimental Mine U.S. Bureau of Mines is a landmark located in the Pittsburgh suburb of Bruceton Pennsylvania. In 1910 the newly created U.S. Bureau of Mines leased a 38-acre tract of land from the Pittsburgh Coal Company and opened the Experimental Mine.One of the early findings in the Experimental Mine demonstrated that coal dust by itself was capable of propagating an explosion even in the absence of any methane gas.
 The Anguilla Bank Ameiva or Caribbean Ameiva (Ameiva plei) is a lizard species in the genus Ameiva. It is found on the Caribbean islands of Anguilla Saint Martin and Saint Barthélemy in the Lesser Antilles. Its coloration and markings vary between each island population.
 The Swarm is a 1998 album by the Wu-Tang Killa Bees which is made up of various artists affiliated with or part of the Wu-Tang Clan.
 Žďár is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Frog Dreaming is a 1986 Australian film starring Henry Thomas and directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith who described it as a charming mystery adventure.In the United States the film was named 'The Quest'. In the United Kingdom it was named The Go-Kids.
 Lopatinec (Hungarian: Lapáthegy) is a village in Croatia.
 The Industrial Pioneer was a monthly publication of the Industrial Workers of the World. It was published in Chicago by the general executive board of the IWW from 1921 to 1926 under various editors. The precursor of the Industrial Pioneer was the One Big Union Monthly. The editor of One Big Union Monthly John Sandgren used his position to wage war on the Communists in the IWW.
 Stenalia graeca is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1965 by Ermisch.
 Burgruine Sturmberg is a castle in Naas Styria Austria.
 London Paris New York also known by the abbreviated form LPNY is an critically and commercially successful Indian romantic comedy film that marks the writing and directing debut of Anu Menon with Ali Zafar and Aditi Rao Hydari in the lead roles. The official theatrical trailer was released on 14 January 2012 while the film was released worldwide on 2 March 2012 with positive reviews. Movie was made with a budget Rs 7 Crore including Promotional Costs earned revenue of Rs 24 Crore.
 Spilarctia dohertyi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found on Sulawesi.
 The Apalachicola Historic District is a U.S. historic district in Apalachicola Florida. It is bounded by the Apalachicola River Apalachicola Bay 17th and Jefferson Streets encompasses approximately 4600 acres (19 km²)[citation needed] and contains 652 historic buildings. On November 21 1980 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 General Eduardo San Lorenzo Oban Jr. (born December 13 1955) is a graduate of the Philippine Military Academy Class of 1979 and the former Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces of the Philippines. His term as chief of staff began on March 6 2011 when he succeeded General Ricardo David and ended when he was succeeded by General Jessie Dellosa. On February 22 2014 Oban was appointed by President Aquino to head the Visiting Forces Agreement Commission.
 Lac de Conche is a lake in the canton of Valais Switzerland. It is located in the municipality of Collombey-Muraz at an elevation of 1687 m close to the French border.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Alhaji Abubakar Sadiq Mohammed (born 14 October 1961) was appointed Nigerian minister of Tourism Culture and National Orientation on 6 April 2010 when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet.Mohammed was born on 14 October 1961 in Nafada LGA of Gombe State.He obtained a B.Sc (Physics) in 1985 from University of Maiduguri and an M.Sc (Physics) from the University of Ibadan.He was a lecturer at the Federal University of Technology Yola (1986–1996).
 Carla's Song (1996) is a British movie directed by Ken Loach with screenplay by Paul Laverty.Set in 1987 it tells the story of the relationship between a Scottish bus driver George Lennox (Robert Carlyle) and Carla (Oyanka Cabezas) a Nicaraguan woman living in exile in Glasgow. Searching for her past (her family and boyfriend) Carla returns to war-torn Nicaragua with George into the thick of the U.S. sponsored Contra insurgency against the Sandinistas.
 Archives of Toxicology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of toxicology. It was established in 1930 as Sammlung von Vergiftungsfällen renamed in 1954 into Archiv für Toxikologie and obtained its current title in 1974. The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Jan G. Hengstler (Leibniz Research Centre for Working Environment and Human Factors).
 Jaja (Persian: جاجا‎ also Romanized as Jājā and Jā Jā; also known as Chah Jā Chāhjah Chāhjeh Chājeh and Shāhjūn) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 88 families.
 Cheers to Those Who Stay is a 2010 Lebanese short film by Cyril Aris and Mounia Akl.
 Raj Mandir Cinema is a famous movie theater in Jaipur in Rajasthan state in India. Situated on the Bhagwan Das Road near M.I. Road the meringue-shaped auditorium opened in 1976 and over the years has seen many movie premieres of Hindi films and has become a popular symbol of Jaipur it is often referred as the Pride of Asia.
 The Hippopotamus Pool is the eighth in a series of historical mystery novels written by Elizabeth Peters and featuring fictional sleuth and archaeologist Amelia Peabody.
 The Mount Sinai School is a historic Rosenwald School in rural Autauga County Alabama northwest of Prattville. The one-story frame building was built in 1919 to the designs of W.A. Hazel to serve the local African American community. The money to build it was provided by the Julius Rosenwald Fund. The school was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on February 2 2001.
 Portaha is a village development committee in Saptari District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4592.
 St. Peter Church (German: Kirche St. Peter) is a Catholic parish church in Cleveland Ohio and part of the Diocese of Cleveland. It is located at the intersection of Superior Ave. near East 17th St. in the Downtown neighborhood.The church is a GNIS named feature. The church building is listed as a Cleveland Designated Landmark.The parish was founded in 1853.George Francis Houck then the Chancellor wrote in 1903 that One of the landmarks of the city and Diocese of Cleveland is St.
 Cookhill Priory was a Cistercian nunnery in Worcestershire England. It was founded by Isabel de Mauduit in 1260.It is now a Grade II* listed building.
 Chauvenet is a lunar impact crater that is located to the northeast of the prominent crater Tsiolkovskiy on the far side of the Moon. Less than one crater diameter to the northwest of Chauvenet is the crater Ten Bruggencate.The rim of this crater is roughly circular with the satellite crater Chauvenet C overlying the northeastern side and intruding into the interior. A ridge runs from the western side of this intruding feature to the midpoint of the interior of Chauvenet.
 Dave Grusin Presents GRP All-Star Big Band Live! is a jazz live album by the GRP All-Star Big Band.
 Powierz [ˈpɔvjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Janowiec Kościelny 10 km (6 mi) south of Nidzica and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 100.
 The Princess and the Pirate is a 1944 American comedy film directed by David Butler and starring Bob Hope and Virginia Mayo. Based on a story by Sy Bartlett the film is about a princess who travels incognito to elope with her true love instead of marrying the man to whom she is betrothed. On the high seas her ship is attacked by pirates who plan to kidnap her and hold her for ransom unaware that she will be rescued by the unlikeliest of knights errant.
 Endotricha flavofascialis is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It is found in Russia and Japan.
 Korzonek [kɔˈʐɔnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopiska within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Częstochowa and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 382.
 Invisible Man is a novel by Ralph Ellison published by Random House in 1952. It addresses many of the social and intellectual issues facing African-Americans early in the twentieth century including black nationalism the relationship between black identity and Marxism and the reformist racial policies of Booker T. Washington as well as issues of individuality and personal identity.Invisible Man won the U.S.
 Kailan Mali ang Pagibig (When is Love Ever Wrong) is an upcoming GMA Film movie that will star Marian Rivera and Dingdong Dantes. This film will be shot in Zambales Manila and USA. The cast also includes Alessandra de Rossi Jean Garcia Gloria Romero Leo Martinez Micheal De Mesa and Gabby Concepcion. The film will start rolling on fall of 2008.
 Bulletin of Insectology (2012 impact factor: 0.375 in entomology category – ISSN 1721-8861) is a scientific journal of entomology and publishes original articles mainly on morphology biology behaviour and physiology of insects and other arthropods; control of insects mites and other arthropod pests with particular reference to biocontrol and integrated pest management.
 The Black Swan Hotel is a traditional inn and hotel in Devizes Wiltshire. Overlooking the Market Place on the A360 road the inn was built in 1737. It is associated with the nearby Wadworth Brewery. The inn is reputedly haunted; a young woman in a long dress is said to wander the corridors and walk through the walls.
 Bend in the Road is an album by British blues musician Jeremy Spencer who was a member of Fleetwood Mac from 1967–71. It is his fifth official solo album and was released on the Propelz Records label on 21 April 2012 to coincide with Record Store Day.
 On the Buses is a 1971 British comedy film directed by Harry Booth and starring Reg Varney and Doris Hare. The film is the first spin-off film from the TV sitcom On the Buses and was followed by two further films Mutiny on the Buses (1972) and Holiday on the Buses (1973). The film was produced by Ronald Chesney and Ronald Wolfe for Hammer Films and enjoyed major success in Britain outdoing Diamonds are Forever to become the highest performing film of 1971.
 Such a Little Pirate is a lost 1918 silent film Pirate-adventure starring Lila Lee as a young sea going heroine and Theodore Roberts as her grandfather. George Melford directed the film. It was produced by Adolph Zukor and Jesse Lasky.
 The Hamilton White House is a historic home in Syracuse New York. The house Greek Revival in design was built by and for Hamilton White Esq circa 1840/42 and occupied by his family in 1842/43. Many believe based on similarities in structure and style that the unknown architect and builder was the same person who designed and built the Moses Burnett House completed in early 1842 later to become the Syracuse Century Club building.
 Kadriye Serik is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 Kyrkja is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Thomas Tom McCabe (born 28 April 1954) is a Scottish Labour Party politician a former Minister for Finance in the Scottish Executive and was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Hamilton South until May 2011. He became an MSP in the first elections to the Scottish Parliament in 1999 later holding the positions of Minister for Parliament (1999–2001) Minister for Health and Community Care (2003–2004) and later Minister for Finance.
 The Boulder River is a tributary of the Yellowstone River approximately 60 mi (96 km) long in south central Montana in the United States. It is one of two rivers named the Boulder River in Montana.It rises in the Gallatin National Forest in the Absaroka Range in southern Park County. It flows north through mountainous canyons a cataract under a natural bridge and northwest in a widening valley past McLeod. It joins the Yellowstone at Big Timber.
 Diana Kovacheva (born 1975) is a Bulgarian lawyer and politician who served as justice minister from 30 November 2011 to 21 February 2013.
 Antara Polanco is an upscale open-air shopping center in Polanco Mexico City Mexico and is considered to be one of the most exclusive shopping destinations in Mexico.
 The Laughter of Carthage is the second novel in the Pyat Quartet tetralogy of novels by Michael Moorcock. It was first published in 1984 by Secker & Warburg. It was written in tandem one during the day and one at night with the second novel in the Von Bek series The City in the Autumn Stars.
 Buskirk Bridge is a wooden covered bridge and is the name of the hamlet in which it is located. It is in the town of Hoosick. The bridge which crosses the Hoosic River is one of 29 historic covered bridges in New York State.Town and Howe truss designs were patented by Ithiel Town in 1820 and William Howe in 1840 respectively. The Buskirk Bridge a Howe truss design and was built to replace a previous Burr arch truss.
 Kanyana is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bantwal taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
 Hunter is a full length mixtape by Chinese-American artist Baiyu released on June 13 2012. The mixtape component of Hunter is part of a larger project that is to be accompanied by a book of poetry as well as a comic book series and animated short entitled The Illuminators for which she is basis of the animated heroine.
 Izvestiya Vysshikh Uchebnykh Zavedenii. Radioelektronika is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published in Russian that covers electrical engineering electronic engineering and electronics. An English translation is published as Radioelectronics and Communications Systems. The Russian version is published by the Kiev Polytechnic Institute and is one of several journals from the series Izvestiya Vysshikh Uchebnykh Zavedenii published by different institutes of the Soviet Union.
 Telmo Ramon Languiller-Tornesi (born 31 July 1957) is an Australian politician. He has been an Australian Labor Party member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly since 1999 representing first Sunshine (1999–2002) and then Derrimut.Mr Languiller was born in Montevideo Uruguay but soon migrated to Australia. He attended high school at Flemington in Victoria and received a Bachelor of Arts majoring in sociology and politics from Footscray Institute of Technology.
 The River Evenlode is a river in England which is a tributary of the Thames in Oxfordshire. It rises near Moreton-in-Marsh Gloucestershire in the Cotswold Hills and flows south-east passing near Stow-on-the-Wold Charlbury Bladon and Cassington and its valley provides the route of the southern part of the Cotswold Line.The River Evenlode passes through many villages and towns in Oxfordshire including Ascott-under-Wychwood Chadlington and Charlbury.
 One Day in September is a 1999 documentary film directed by Kevin Macdonald examining the 5 September 1972 murder of 11 Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich Germany. Michael Douglas provides the sparse narration throughout the film.The film won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature in 2000.
 Acochlidiidae are a taxonomic family of shell-less freshwater gastropods (one of them Palliohedyle weberi lives in brackish water) aquatic gastropod mollusks within the clade Acochlidiacea.
 Joy of a Toy is the debut solo album of Kevin Ayers a founding member of Soft Machine. Its whimsical and unique vision is a clear indication of how Soft Machine might have progressed under Ayers' tenure. He is accompanied on the LP by his Soft Machine colleagues Robert Wyatt Mike Ratledge and Hugh Hopper.After a Soft Machine tour of the USA with the Jimi Hendrix Experience Ayers had decided to retire from the music business.
 Lake Wentworth is located in Carroll County in eastern New Hampshire in the town of Wolfeboro. At 3116 acres (12.61 km2) it is the seventh-largest lake located entirely in New Hampshire. Water from Lake Wentworth flows through the short Smith River into Crescent Lake and then over the dam into Lake Winnipesaukee in Wolfeboro.
 The Souffel (German: Suffel) is a river in Alsace France. It rises near Kuttolsheim and joins the Ill river (a tributary of the Rhine) south of La Wantzenau after a course of 26 km. It has given its name to two villages on its banks: Souffelweyersheim and Griesheim-sur-Souffel. Tributaries of the Souffel are Haltbach Plaetzerbach Musaubach Kolbsenbach and Leisbach. In 1815 the Battle of La Suffel was fought on its banks.
 The Wonders of Nature is a book by Josiah Priest that was published in 1826. The book starts of giving God the honor of creating everything with the main focus being on the incredible nature which seen by the author is controlled by God. The wonders of nature which include a number of examples of what are now termed cryptozoology and anomalistics are concluded in the book to be proof that God lives and interferes. The author condemns people who deny the existence of God.
 Racinoa leucoides is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Strand in 1910. It is found in Tanzania.The larvae feed on Ficus elastica.
 ... & Nobody Else was released in 1999 and is a live album released by British rock band New Model Army.The tracks on this album were recorded at a variety of venues during the Strange Brotherhood tour of 1998.
 Yesspeak Live: The Director's Cut is a two-disc DVD concert film from the progressive rock band Yes. It was recorded live on their 2003 European tour. The set features two concerts recorded in Birmingham England and the Glastonbury Festival respectively. The concerts also feature interviews with band members and commentary. Excerpts of these concerts were used throughout the 2004 documentary Yesspeak.
 Imzadi is a non-canon Star Trek novel by Peter David primarily exploring William Riker's assignment to Betazed and his early relationship with Deanna Troi.Imzadi has a complex structure involving time travel through the Guardian of Forever but a straightforward plot of love and rescue.
 Errors in Calculating Odds Errors in Calculating Value is the fourth album release by indie rock outfit Shorthand Phonetics. It is a concept album which represents the first draft of fictional character Hanabishi Hideaki's debut novel entitled Errors in Calculating Odds Errors in Calculating Value
 Zoo zéro is a 1979 French film directed by Alain Fleischer and starring Klaus Kinski.
 James Sebastian Lamin Wood CMG (Chinese: 吳思田; pinyin: Wú Sītián; born 6 April 1961) is a British diplomat who is British Ambassador to China.Wood was educated at Emanuel School in London then studied mathematics and philosophy at Magdalen College Oxford before joining the Foreign and Commonwealth Office in 1983.
 The National Museum of Cambodia (Khmer: សារមន្ទីរជាតិ Sala Rachana) in Phnom Penh is Cambodia's largest museum of cultural history and is the country's leading historical and archaeological museum.
 The River Blackwater is a river in the English counties of Hampshire and Wiltshire. It is a tributary of the River Test.The river rises just to the east of the Wiltshire village of Redlynch near Salisbury. It then flows east across the county boundary into Hampshire.
 Elektrozorn Vol. 1 is a 2014 promo Industrial/EBM compilation album of exclusive and never-released before music by various artists special for Russian subcultural Bunker magazine.
 All the Shah's Men: An American Coup and the Roots of Middle East Terror is a book written by American journalist Stephen Kinzer. The book discusses the 1953 Iranian coup d'état backed by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in which Mohammed Mossadegh Iran's prime minister was overthrown by Islamists supported by American and British agents (chief among them Kermit Roosevelt) and royalists loyal to Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.
 Total Plaza (formerly the Entex Building Louisiana Place and United Gas Building) is a tower in Downtown Houston Texas one block away from the Allen Center complex. The building managed by Brookfield Properties opened in 1971. The 35 story building designed by the architect Lloyd Morgan & Jones was renovated in 1981 and 1996 and features a mirror-finished reflective glass on its exterior. Each floor has about 24000 sq ft (2200 m2) with a total of 847200 sq ft (78710 m2).
 The Columbian is a 517-foot-tall (158 m) skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. It was constructed from 2005 to 2008 and has 47 floors. It is the tallest brick-clad building and 76th tallest building in Chicago. There are 225 units and 4 elevators.
 Büschengraben is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Vince Hawkes (J.V.N. Hawkes) is the current Commissioner of the Ontario Provincial Police. Hawkes was a biology graduate before joining the OPP in 1984.Hawkes rose through the ranks from Constable to various assignments in the OPP and spent 11 years as a forensic specialist.
 Animosity is the sixth studio album from American punk rock band The Deadweights released May 28 2002 on Reprise Records. The album was the first from the band to criticize America's President George W. Bush.
 The Afon Lwyd - (English: Grey River) is a 13-mile long river in south-east Wales which flows from its source north of Blaenavon through Abersychan Pontnewynydd Pontypool Llanfrechfa and Cwmbran before flowing into the River Usk at Caerleon which subsequently flows into the Bristol Channel in Newport.
 Celebration of Life is a one-hour English play written and directed by Sachin Gupta.
 Ñawinpuyku (Quechua ñawi button hole / eye -n a suffix puyku spring of water / source / well hispanicized spelling Ñahuinpuquio) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region Yauyos Province Tomas District. Ñawinpukyu is situated near the eastern border of the district southeast of the village Kimsakancha (Quimsacancha) and northwest of the village Yanamach'ay .
 10th Anniversary Live is a live performance DVD celebrating the 10th anniversary of the Viking/folk metal band Ensiferum. It was filmed on New Year's Eve 2005 at the music hall Nosturi in Helsinki Finland.
 Promise at Dawn (French: La promesse de l'aube) is a 1960 autobiographical novel by the French writer Romain Gary. Jules Dassin directed a 1970 film with the same title based on the novel.
 Eclipse is a children's fantasy novel the fourth book in Erin Hunter's Warriors: Power of Three and was widely released on September 2 2008. It is the fourth book in the third six-book arc of the Warriors series. Like the three previous books in the series it centers on the grandchildren of the ThunderClan leader Firestar: Jaypaw Hollypaw and Lionpaw who have been blessed with extraordinary powers.
 Cracker Lake is a very small manmade lake inside Zolfo Springs Florida. This lake is square and has a surface area of 1.5 acres (6100 m2). It is contained within Cracker Lake RV Resort which owns it. The resort was established in 1988 and the lake was dug at this time. It is surrounded on all but the west side by streets within the resort. Mobile homes and RVs line the streets on the lake's east and south sides. Two administrative buildings are on the north shore.
 Smash is an American novel by Garson Kanin. Published in 1980 by Viking Press the book follows the creation of a Broadway musical about vaudeville performer Nora Bayes from casting to opening night.Smash was the partial basis for the 2012 NBC television series Smash.
 Emmanuel Chris Welch is the Illinois state representative for the 7th district. The 7th district includes all or parts of River Forest Forest Park Maywood Broadview Bellwood Hillside Westchester La Grange Park and Berkeley.Prior to his service in the Illinois House he served as President of the Proviso Township Board of Education District 209.
 G. Glenn Oder (born September 24 1957) is an American politician. From 2002–2012 he served in the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 94th district in the city of Newport News. He is a member of the Republican Party.
 Viewed to the west travelling north dominates the surrounding lakes of the north Roscommon and Leitrim countryside. Situated between Boyle and Castlebaldwin the Curlew Mountains (Irish: An Corrshliabh) oversees the north Connacht countryside.
 The Râul Străjii or Straja River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 The House That Jack Built is a 1967 National Film Board of Canada animated short based on the nursery rhyme This Is the House That Jack Built. Directed by Ron Tunis written by Don Arioli and produced by Wolf Koenig the eight-minute film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film losing to Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day at the 41st Academy Awards.
 Hofreistæ is a lake in the municipality of Bjerkreim in Rogaland county Norway.
 Sami Potta Mudichu is a 1991 Tamil film directed by R. Sundarrajan. The film stars Murali in the lead role Sindhu.
 The Semnița River is a tributary of the Moraviţa River in Romania.
 The Hatteras Weather Bureau Station is a wood-frame building in Hatteras North Carolina built in 1901 for what was then called the U.S. Weather Bureau. The then-remote location on the Outer Banks of North Carolina provided data on conditions in the Atlantic Ocean from a fixed location that was farther into the ocean environment than any on the Atlantic coast. The building served as a weather station from 1902 to 1946 when it was converted to living quarters for Weather Bureau personnel.
 The Willows is an album by Jim Jupp under the pseudonym of Belbury Poly. The album was released in 2004 on the Ghost Box Music label. It is named after a short story by Algernon Blackwood.
 Narasimha (Tamil: நரசிம்மா) is a 2001 Tamil action film directed by Thirupathisamy which features Vijayakanth in the lead role. The film features an ensemble supporting cast including Isha Koppikar Raghuvaran Nassar and Sharat Saxena while the soundtrack for the film was composed by Mani Sharma. The film released in July 2001 to mixed reviews.
 Kenneth Dale Kilpatrick Sr. (June 14 1928 – March 14 2010) known as K.D. Kilpatrick was a funeral home owner in Ruston Louisiana who served as a Democratic member of the Louisiana State Senate for a single term from 1972 to 1976. He represented Union Lincoln and Jackson parishes and served alongside William Denis Brown III of neighboring Ouachita Parish.
 The Seekogel is a mountain in the Kaunergrat group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Stalking the Nightmare is a 1982 collection of short stories and nonfiction pieces by Harlan Ellison. The short stories are interspersed with Scenes from the Real World sections which are essays on a variety of topics. Although most of the stories had not previously appeared in any of Ellison's books four of them were taken from his out of print 1970 collection Over the Edge.
 Kąty [ˈkɔntɨ] (German: Kattenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Goleniów and 26 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 200.
 Jesse Kendrick Hollis Jr. known as Ken Hollis (March 13 1942 – September 10 2010) was a Republican Party member of the Louisiana State Senate from Metairie in Jefferson Parish in the New Orleans suburbs. He served from 1982 when he won a special election to fill an unexpired term until he was term-limited effective January 14 2008. In 2003 Hollis launched an exploratory campaign for governor but never filed his papers even though he claimed that his early polling was encouraging.
 Hexachaeta oblita is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Hexachaeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Piątnica Włościańska [pjɔntˈnit͡sa vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) east of Piątnica 3 km (2 mi) north-east of Łomża and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 430.
 Golden Fox is a novel by Wilbur Smith one of the Courtney Novels. It is set from 1969 to 1979 and touches on the South African Border War and the revolution in Ethiopia.There were allegations one of the characters was inspired by Winnie Mandela.
 Vance Thomas is an attorney who is expected to serve as Secretary of Labor and Human Resources of Puerto Rico for the governance of Alejandro García Padilla in the 16th Cabinet of Puerto Rico. Thomas was a former candidate for mayor of Culebra in 1992 for the Puerto Rican Independence Party and a former candidate for mayor of San Juan in 2000 for the same party.
 Dust of Angels (Taiwanese: 少年吔，安啦！; pinyin: Siàu-liān-ê Àn-la!) is a 1992 Taiwanese crime film directed by Hsu Hsiao-ming executive produced by Taiwanese filmmaker Hou Hsiao-hsien. It was entered into Directors' Fortnight at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 Lowell is a village in Washington County Ohio United States along the Muskingum River. The population was 549 at the 2010 census.
 The Sentinel is a daily newspaper based in Carlisle Pennsylvania serving the Harrisburg-Carlisle metropolitan area. It is Cumberland County's only daily newspaper.In 2012 the newspaper launched a partnership with abc27 News in Harrisburg Pennsylvania. The media outlets coordinate and share news coverage.
 Balamangalam (Malayalam: ബാലമംഗളം) was a Malayalam comic magazine published by Mangalam Publications (India) Private Limited. The fortnightly magazine was also published in Kannada under the name Balamangala. Along with the comic strips the magazine also featured children's stories rhymes and puzzles.The comic magazine ceased publication in October 2012 as result of falling circulations.Main stories: Dinkan (Artist: Baby) Saktimarunnu (Story: Manu Artist: Baby)
 Murder by Contract is a 1958 film noir directed by Irving Lerner. Academy Award-nominated screenwriter Ben Maddow did uncredited work on the film. Centering around an existentialist hit man assigned to kill a woman the film is often praised for its spare style and peculiar sense of cool.Though not widely seen at the time of its release it finally appeared on DVD included in the boxed set Columbia Pictures Film Noir Classics Vol.
 Ellenfény is an Hungarian language art magazine published in Hungary.
 Dario is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 151 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Dario is named for the Nicaraguan poet Rubén Darío who lived from 1867 to 1916.
 Roman Nights is a 2010 album by jazz trumpeter composer and arranger Tom Harrell. It is the third release with Harrell's current quintet of over five years which includes Wayne Escoffery Danny Grissett Ugonna Okegwo and Johnathan Blake. The album contains nine original compositions by Harrell.
 Eudalaca bacotii is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from South Africa.
 Meiacanthus luteus the Yellow fangbelly is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean around northern Australia. This species grows to a length of 10.3 centimetres (4.1 in) TL.
 The Letter is a 1940 American film noir directed by William Wyler and starring Bette Davis Herbert Marshall and James Stephenson. The screenplay by Howard E. Koch is based on the 1927 play of the same name by W. Somerset Maugham. The film was originally filmed in 1929 by director Jean de Limur (The Letter).
 Eremanepsia is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 A History of Violence is the sixth album by Philadelphia hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks released on November 11 2008 on Babygrande Records.
 Stanisławy [staniˈswavɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Przodkowo 7 km (4 mi) north of Kartuzy and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Windigo Lake is a lake in the Kenora District in Northern Ontario Canada. It is situated at the end of the Northern Ontario Resource Trail.
 Flowering Plants: Evolution Above the Species Level is a book written by evolutionary biologist and botanist G. Ledyard Stebbins which was first published in 1974.
 Cinderella II: Dreams Come True is the first direct-to-video sequel to the 1950 Disney film Cinderella. It was made in 2001 and released on February 26 2002. It was followed by Cinderella III: A Twist in Time in 2007.
 The Manzanares (Spanish pronunciation: [manθaˈnaɾes]) is a river in central Spain which flows from the Sierra de Guadarrama passes through Madrid and eventually empties into the Jarama river which in turn is a tributary to the Tagus.
 Roosevelt: The Soldier Of Freedom is a 1970 biography of US President Franklin D. Roosevelt by James MacGregor Burns published by Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. The book won the 1971 Pulitzer Prize for History and the National Book Award for Nonfiction (History and Biography).
 Rysiowice [rɨɕɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Otmuchów 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Nysa and 53 km (33 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 The alpine salamander (Salamandra atra) is a shiny black salamander found in the Central Eastern and Dinaric Alps at altitudes above 700 metres (2300 ft). The Western Alps are inhabited by a similar species Lanza's alpine salamander (Salamandra lanzai) in only one small area. There are no differences in length between sexes (9–14 cm (3.5–5.5 in)) and sex ratio is 1:1. Their life expectancy is at least 10 years.
 Agatamdike is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bagepalli taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka.
 The Fantastic Expedition of Dillard & Clark is a country rock album by Dillard & Clark. The album was recorded in 1968 shortly after Gene Clark departed The Byrds for the second time and Doug Dillard left The Dillards. The album is hailed by critics and musicians as a masterpiece of the country rock genre.
 Belomitra pourtalesii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Peters's myotis (Myotis ater) is a species of vesper bat It is found in Indonesia Papua New Guinea the Philippines and sometimes Australia.
 Mordellistena candelabra is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1939 by Ray.
 Theodore Otis (December 15 1810-July 11 1873) was an American politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and the seventh Mayor of Roxbury Massachusetts from 1859 to 1860.
 Cinematographer Style is a 2006 documentary by Jon Fauer ASC about the art of cinematography. In the film he interviews 110 leading cinematographers from around the world asking them about their influences and the origins of the style of their films. This is the first major English-language documentary on cinematography since Visions of Light (1993).
 Everything for Gloria (German:Alles für Gloria) is a 1941 German romance film directed by Carl Boese and starring Leo Slezak Laura Solari and Johannes Riemann. The film was shot at the Cinecittà in Rome and marked the German debut of the Italian actress Solari.
 The Pastena Caves (Italian: Grotte di Pastena) are a remarkable karst cave system located in the municipality of Pastena in the province of Frosinone Lazio. They are remarkable show caves of Italy and among the most notable ones of the region.
 Fuzzy Ergo Sum is a science fiction novel written during 2006-2009 by Wolfgang Diehr as a sequel to H. Beam Piper's Fuzzy trilogy: Little Fuzzy Fuzzy Sapiens and Fuzzies and Other People.
 The French River is a 13-mile-long (21 km) river in Saint Louis County Minnesota United States flowing into Lake Superior at the unincorporated community of French River in Duluth Township. The river also flows through Normanna and Lakewood townships.
 Bhilkati is a very small village in Phaltan tehsil of Satara district in Maharashtra state of India. The main profession of the community is farming. Nearly 1000 people of different castes and religion stay in Bhilkati peacefully since the ages. Community is mainly divided by 50-50% Buddhist and Hindu. There is no post office or public transport facilities in Bhilkati. It sells animals such as elephants and cow herders.
 Blues Busters is a 1950 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on October 29 1950 by Monogram Pictures and is the twentieth film in the series.
 The El Paso Times is the newspaper for the U.S. city of El Paso Texas. The paper was founded in 1881 by Marcellus Washington Carrico. It originally started out as a weekly but within a year's time it became the daily newspaper for the frontier town. The newspaper has an approximate daily circulation of 65000 and 125000 on Sundays. Gannett bought the Times in 1972.
 The Albina Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library located in northeast Portland Oregon. The library's origins date back to 1906 with the establishment of a small reading room that housed 100 books. The branch has relocated three times since then moving from the building which now houses The Title Wave Used Bookstore to a retail plaza in northeast Portland.The branch offers the Multnomah County Library catalog of two million books periodicals and other materials.
 Aunty Jack Sings Wollongong is an album released in 1974 as a spin-off from the cult ABC Television show Aunty Jack. It contains a mixture of songs and sketches and along with the single Farewell Aunty Jack is the only audio release from the Aunty Jack crew.
 The Elwood Downtown Historic District is an area roughly bounded by Duck Creek N. A St. 16th St. and S. C St. Significant buildings include the former Elwood City Hall the Leeson's Building and the Opera House.
 The White Ermine (Spilosoma lubricipeda) is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found throughout the temperate belt of Eurasia from Europe through Kazakhstan and Southern Siberia to Amur Region China Korea and Japan. In China several sibling species occur.The wingspan is 34–48 mm. Wing pattern is very variable from entirely white wings to strongly covered with black dots. Hindwings often with one or several black dots (rarely without any black dot).
 Porter is a large-scale impact crater in the Thaumasia quadrangle on the planet Mars situated in Aonia Terra at 50.8° south and 113.9º west. The impact caused a bowl 105 kilometres (65 mi) across. The name was chosen in 1973 by the International Astronomical Union in honour of the US astronomer and explorer Russell W. Porter (1871-1949).
 Hollywood EP is an EP by Australian folk duo Angus & Julia Stone. It features the single Hollywood from A Book Like This as well as three re-recorded songs from that album.All the Colours and Johnny and June are new versions of Wasted and Hollywood respectively with Angus singing. Lonely Hands is Julia's version Just a Boy.All three re-done versions appear on 'Red Berries' the 2010 bonus disc for Down the Way.
 University Club is a historic club building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was constructed in 1930 and is a four story rectangular brick structure with a seven bay Georgian Revival style facade.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Lucerapex indagatoris is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Muppets' Wizard of Oz is a 2005 musical television film directed by Kirk Thatcher and starring Ashanti and The Muppets with supporting roles done by Jeffrey Tambor Quentin Tarantino David Alan Grier and Queen Latifah. The film was produced by Bill Barretta and written by Debra Frank Steve L. Hayes Tom Martin and Adam F.
 The Bold Men was the first of three documentaries William Friedkin made for producer David Wolper.
 Hilarographa soleana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found on Seram.The wingspan is about 17.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamish slightly mixed with orange in the form of lines extending from the dorsum. The hindwings are brownish with a broad dark brown apical third.
 One Business Bay is a 35-storey skyscraper under construction on plot 001 at the northern (at Sheikh Zayed Road) entrance of Business Bay Dubai United Arab Emirates. Designed by German architects Kling Consult GmbH the tower will have 3 basement floors and a five floor podium with 1000 car park spaces. The developer is Omniyat.Each floor will be larger than the previous.
 Jonathan Donald (Jon) Stanhope AO (born 29 April 1951) is a former Australian politician who was Labor Chief Minister of the Australian Capital Territory from 2001 to 2011. Stanhope represented the Ginninderra electorate in the ACT Legislative Assembly from 1998 until 2011. He is the only ACT Chief Minister to have governed with a majority in the ACT Assembly.
 Pasadena is Ozma's fourth full length studio album.
 Lake Akan (阿寒湖 Akan-ko) is a lake in Kushiro Hokkaidō Japan. It is located in Akan National Park and is a Ramsar Site.
 Financial Engineering News (FEN) was a bimonthly print and digital magazine publication of financial engineering-related news. A biweekly email newsletter Financial Engineering Today was also published. Financial Engineering News was established in late 1996 by Dr. Jim Clark and published by Stonebridge Center Publishers Issaquah WA through the year 2000. FEN was acquired in 2001 by Jim Finnegan CFA and was owned by Cusp Communications Group.
 Grand Forks City Hall is a building in Grand Forks North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was built in 1911.It was designed by Grand Forks architect John W. Ross and was built by Northern Construction & Engineering.In a 1981 survey of Downtown Grand Forks historical resources it was stated this building is pure Beaux Arts.
 Nero Wolfe is a 1977 TV film adaptation of Rex Stout's Nero Wolfe novel The Doorbell Rang. Thayer David stars as Nero Wolfe gourmet connoisseur and detective genius. Tom Mason costars as Archie Goodwin Wolfe's assistant. Written and directed by Frank D. Gilroy the made-for-TV movie was produced by Paramount Television as a pilot for an ABC television series but the movie was shelved by the network for more than two years before finally being broadcast December 18 1979.
 City of the Rising Sun (Hangul: 태양은 없다; RR: Taeyanggeun Ebdoa) is a 1999 South Korean film about two friends Hong-ki and Do-chul in their mid twenties struggling on life in the late 1990s Korean scenario. The film stars Jung Woo-sung as Do-chul and Lee Jung-jae as Hong-ki.
 The Château de Saint-Thamar is a castle in the commune of Terrou in the Lot département of France. Dating from the 15th century the castle was altered in the 17th and 18th centuries.The castle is privately owned and not open to the public. It has been listed since 1975 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Dark Space III is the third album by the Swiss band Darkspace. It was released by Avantgarde Music in 2008 in an edition of 500 hand-numbered copies. It contains dialogue samples from the films Event Horizon (on Dark 3.11) and John Carpenter's Prince of Darkness (on Dark 3.16).
 Mark F. Green (born 1953) is an American lawyer from Oklahoma who currently serves as the United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma having served in that position since September 29 2010 when he was appointed by President Barack Obama.
 Zaviyeh Hajjian (Persian: زاويه حاجيان‎ also Romanized as Zāvīyeh Ḩājjīān and Zāveyeh Ḩājeyān; also known as Konārī) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District in the Central District of Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 295 in 57 families.
 The Journal of Politics & Society is an academic journal of the social sciences published twice a year by the Helvidius Group a nonprofit student organization at Columbia University. It is distributed by Source Interlink Companies to Barnes & Noble and Borders bookstores.
 Rust in Peace is the fourth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth. It was released on September 24 1990 by Capitol Records. The album was produced by Mike Clink. Rust in Peace is the first album to feature guitarist Marty Friedman and drummer Nick Menza following the departure of Jeff Young and Chuck Behler in 1989. Two singles were released from the album: Hangar 18 and Holy Wars...
 Profile in Anger is a 1984 Hong Kong action film produced by Raymond Chow and Leonard Ho written action choreographed directed by and starring Bryan Leung. This film is Leung's directorial debut and is also the first film Leung starred in that is set in modern day.
 Sir Cecil Stephen Hincks (18 February 1894 – 1 January 1963) Australian politician was a member of the South Australian House of Assembly who was Minister of Lands Irrigation and Repatriation in Thomas Playford's government.
 Mingus Dynasty is an album by Charles Mingus recorded and released in 1959. It is the companion album to the classic Mingus Ah Um and was inducted in the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1999.
 Bartniki [bartˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Lipsk 37 km (23 mi) east of Augustów and 78 km (48 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Sir Samuel Walker Griffith GCMG QC (21 June 1845 – 9 August 1920) was an Australian politician Premier of Queensland Chief Justice of the High Court of Australia and a principal author of the Constitution of Australia.
 Gökler is a village in the District of Ortaköy Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Lanistes neritoides is a species of large freshwater snail an aquatic gastropod mollusk with a gill and an operculum in the family Ampullariidae the apple snails.It is endemic to the Republic of the Congo.
 Handsome Boy is the 14th studio album by a Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue released in 1990. The album contains the songs that were already known through the commercial tie-in with television programs or advertisements.
 Grapsus grapsus is one of the most common crabs along the western coast of the Americas. It is known variously as red rock crab abuete negro and along with crabs such as Percnon gibbesi as Sally Lightfoot.
 Iressa is a genus of cosmet moths (family Cosmopterigidae). It belongs to subfamily Cosmopteriginae.They are characterized mainly by their wing venation: in the forewings vein 1b is not forked and veins 2-4 are separate while veins 6-8 are not; veins 6 and 7 are stalked and arise from vein 8. In addition the scape is short and bears a comb.This genus contains only 3 known species: Iressa microsema J.F.G.Clarke 1986 Iressa neoleuca J.F.G.Clarke 1971 Iressa triformis (Meyrick 1927)↑
 Kõrgu is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Czernice Borowe [t͡ʂɛrˈnit͡sɛ bɔˈrɔvɛ] is a village in Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czernice Borowe. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Przasnysz and 93 km (58 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 480.
 Konamar (Persian: كنامار‎ also Romanized as Konāmār; also known as Kūna Mār) is a village in Babarashani Rural District Chang Almas District Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 28 families.
 The Tamitatoale River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Inochi no Ki is the 3rd EP to be released by Japanese visual kei band Girugamesh on October 6 2010.
 Diao Chan is a 1938 Chinese sound film directed by Bu Wancang and produced by Zhang Shankun's Xinhua Film Company. The film is a portrayal of one of the Four Beauties of ancient China in this case the titular Diaochan from the late Eastern Han Dynasty era.
 McGilbert House is a building in Lufkin Texas. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Lumpaci the Vagabond (German: Lumpacivagabundus) is a 1936 German / Austrian film directed by Géza von Bolváry.
 The Wavewatcher's Companion is a 2010 science book by Gavin Pretor-Pinney.The book was the 2011 winner of the Royal Society Winton Prize for Science Books.
 The Jefferson Street Viaduct is an historic structure located in Ottumwa Iowa United States. The riveted Warren deck truss bridge was completed in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 as a part of the Highway Bridges of Iowa MPS.
 United Presbyterian Church Summerset also known as Scotch Ridge United Presbyterian Church is an historic structure located in rural Warren County Iowa United States. It was built in 1885 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The founders of the church were Scotch-Irish immigrants who could trace their ancestry to Scotland and were proud of their Scottish heritage.Scotch Ridge United Presbyterian Church was begun on August 13 1853.
 Temeliyeh (Persian: تمليه‎ also Romanized as Temelīyeh Tamalīyēh Tamīleh Temīleh Temlīyeh and Tomelīyeh) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1340 in 268 families.
 Sebastian Darke: Prince of Explorers is a fantasy novel by Philip Caveney. It is the third (and final) book in the Sebastian Darke trilogy. The story continues on from the previous where Sebastian Cornelius and Max are hired by a man called Thaddius Peel to explore the jungles of Mendip for a supposed hidden city. The book starts out with the three heroes' perilous journey through the jungle.
 The Vogelkop Whistler (Pachycephala meyeri) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family.It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Captain's wood snake (Xylophis captaini) is a species of wood snake described in 2007 which is endemic to India.
 Vijay Kumar Chopra (Hindi: विजय कुमार चोपड़ा) (born 31 January 1932 Lahore) is the chief executive officer and editor in chief of the Punjab Kesari print news organisation. He is involved in social welfare work and has received a Padma Shri award. In August 2009 he was elected by the Chairman of the Press Trust of India.
 The Avery Coonley House also known as Coonley House was designed by famous architect Frank Lloyd Wright. Constructed in 1907–08 this is an estate of several buildings built on the banks of the Des Plaines River in Riverside Illinois a suburb of Chicago. It is itself a National Historic Landmark and is included in another National Historic Landmark the Riverside Historic District.
 The Good Life is a compilation album released by clothing company FUBU in conjunction with Universal Records. It was released on September 25 2001 and consisted of a blend of hip hop and contemporary R&B. The Good Life peaked at 52 on the Billboard 200 and 9 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.One charting single was released Fatty Girl by Ludacris LL Cool J and Keith Murray. It peaked at 87 on the Billboard Hot 100 32 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and 6 on the Hot Rap Singles.
 The Fitzgerald Family Christmas is a 2012 comedy-drama film starring Edward Burns and Connie Britton. The film written directed and produced by Burns was premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival. It has been met with positive reviews from critics with 64% on Rotten Tomatoes.
 Galomecalpa meridana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Venezuela Ecuador (Napo Province) and Peru.The length of the forewings is 12 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale whitish yellowwith faint brown marbling. The hindwings are cream white with faint light grey-brown marbling.
 Gózd [ɡust] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna within Skarżysko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Łączna 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna and 17 km (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 560. North of Gózd at 50°58′57.6″N 20°44′47.1″E there is a 104 metres tall free-standing lattice tower used as radio relay.
 The European ass (Equus hydruntinus) is an extinct equine from the middle and late Pleistocene of Eurasia. It appeared first in the fossil report 300000 years before present and did not disappear until Holocene times. In the late Pleistocene it was widespread throughout much of western Eurasia from the Middle East to Europe especially along the Mediterranean with fossil reports from Sicily Turkey Spain France and Portugal.
 Wicked Spring is a 2002 American historical-based dramatic war film directed produced and written by Kevin Hershberger as a his first narrative feature film The fictional portrayal is based on several actual events from the Civil War notably fictionalizing an event that took place in 1862 during the Battle of Crampton's Gap.
 Chhattiana is a village in the Giddarbaha tehsil of Sri Muktsar Sahib district in East Punjab (India).
 Hippotherium is an extinct genus of horse endemic to North America to Asia Europe and Africa during the Miocene through Pliocene ~13.65—3.3 Mya existing for 10.35 million years.
 The Iron Hand of Mars is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.
 The Open Hematology Journal is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal covering ecology. It publishes reviews and letters in all areas of clinical laboratory and experimental hematology including stem cells and blood disorders.
 Withering Tights: Misadventures of Tallulah Casey is the first in an expected series of books written by Louise Rennison. The books are published by publisher Harper Collins.Published in July 2010 in the United Kingdom this book was awarded a Roald Dahl 'funny' prize.
 Inroads is an album by American banjoist Béla Fleck released in 1986.
 Czartówiec [t͡ʂarˈtuvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Antonio Parkinson (born in Oakland California) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Tennessee House of Representatives representing District 98 since his special election March 8 2011 following the death of Representative Ulysses Jones Jr.
 Signals of Belief in Early England: Anglo-Saxon Paganism Revisited is an academic anthology edited by the British archaeologists Martin Carver Alex Sanmark and Sarah Semple which was first published by Oxbow Books in 2010. Containing nine separate papers produced by various scholars working in the fields of Anglo-Saxon archaeology and Anglo-Saxon history the book presents a number of new perspectives on Anglo-Saxon paganism and to a lesser extent early Anglo-Saxon Christianity.
 Chapel Hills Mall is a shopping mall located in Colorado Springs Colorado. It is a super-regional mall with 1159187 square feet (107692 m2) of Gross leasable area. It is anchored by Dillard's JCPenney Closing May 2014 Macy's and Sears. The mall opened in 1982 with renovations in 1985 and 1998. The 1998 renovation included an ice arena climbing wall and Borders Books & Music as well as the addition of JCPenney closing 2014 in an anchor originally occupied by Service Merchandise.
 Geoff Smith is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives representing the western part of Columbus from 1999-2006. Originally appointed he went on to win re-election in 2000 2002 and 2004 until he was defeated in the 2006 general election by Ted Celeste.
 Assalto ao Banco Central (English: Central Bank Heist) is a 2011 Brazilian film directed and produced by Marcos Paulo Simões starring Milhem Cortaz Hermilia Guedes Eriberto leão and Lima Duarte. It is based on the 2005 Banco Central burglary at Fortaleza.According to Fox Filmes Brasil which distributed the film in Brazil Assalto ao Banco Central had a successful premiere with more than 325000 spectators during its first weekend.Receptions to the film have so far been negative.
 Phaeomorpha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Joseph Robert Joe Wright Jr. (born 1938) works in business and used to work in the United States government.
 Quality Hill also known as the John Thomson Mason House is a historic building located at 3425 Prospect Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Georgetown neighborhood.
 The Pocahontas County Courthouse located in Pocahontas Iowa was built in 1923. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Gugjeh-ye Yeylaq (Persian: گوگجه ييلاق‎ also Romanized as Gūgjeh-ye Yeylāq; also known as Gūgjeh and Gūyjah-ye Yeylāq) is a village in Khararud Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 843 in 166 families.
 The Manus Boobook (Ninox meeki) is a small owl. It has an unmarked brown facial disk rufous crown and back barred white flight feathers and tail and whitish underparts with rufous streaking.This species is endemic to Manus Island in the Admiralty Islands. It lives mainly in forests but will appear in trees humans and will sometimes occupy riparian habitats. It is fairly common throughout its limited range.
 Nematocampa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Zzap!64 was a computer games magazine covering games on the Commodore International series of computers especially the Commodore 64 (C64). It was published in the UK by Newsfield Publications Ltd and later by Europress Impact.The magazine launched in April with the cover date May 1985 as the sister magazine to CRASH. It focused on the C64 for much of its shelf life but later incorporated Amiga game news and reviews.
 Neodontobutis is a genus of freshwater sleepers native to eastern Asia.
 Lost Dogs is a two-disc compilation album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam released on November 11 2003 through Epic Records. The album has been certified gold by the RIAA in the United States.
 Ardian (Persian: ارديان‎ also Romanized as Ardīān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 94 families.
 The Man Who Came Back is a 1931 American drama film directed by Raoul Walsh starring Janet Gaynor and Charles Farrell. The movie was adapted to screen by Edwin J. Burke from the play by Jules Eckert Goodman. Gaynor and Farrell made almost a dozen films together including Frank Borzage's classics Seventh Heaven (1927) Street Angel (1928) and Lucky Star (1929); Gaynor won the first Academy Award for Best Actress for the first two and F. W. Murnau's Sunrise (1927).
 Public School 65K is a historic school building located in Cypress Hills Brooklyn New York New York. It was originally built in 1870 and significantly expanded in 1889 to designs by James W. Naughton. It is a two story brick building on a stone base in the Romanesque Revival style. It features a slightly projecting central tower and terra cotta decorative details.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Siah Karan (Persian: سياه كران‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Karān) is a village in Baraghan Rural District Chendar District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 10 families.
 Hotel Bond is a historic hotel built in two stages in 1913 and 1921 in Downtown Hartford Connecticut by hotelier Harry S. Bond. It is located near Bushnell Park and was considered the grandest hotel in Hartford during its heyday. The second section is a 12 story building attached to the 6 story first section. A Statler Hotel opened in the area in 1954 creating competition and the Bond Hotel company declared bankruptcy shortly after that.
 Rostki Skomackie [ˈrɔstki skɔˈmat͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Sheykh Kanlu (Persian: شيخكانلو‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Kānlū) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District Bajgiran District Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 26 families.
 The Urșani River is a tributary of the Luncavăţ River in Romania.
 Louis-Eugène-Aduire Parrot (November 11 1871 – November 18 1948) was a Canadian physician and politician.Born in Sainte-Emmélie near Lotbinière Quebec Parrot studied at the Séminaire de Québec and the Université Laval. He became a physician in 1897 and practised general medicine in Deschaillons from 1897 to 1905. He did a surgery internship in Paris in 1905 and 1906.
 Twardowo [tfarˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamotuły within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Szamotuły and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Trondheims-Pressen was a cooperative newspaper published in Trondheim Norway from May 8 to May 12 1945 by Arbeider-Avisen Nidaros and Adresseavisen.The common newspaper was established after the Second World War when the Norwegian resistance movement and the Norwegian government in exile pressed news agencies to make common newspapers until those that had been discontinued during the German occupation had time to reestablish themselves.
 The Bulletin of Economic Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the fields of economics econometrics and economic history that is published by Wiley-Blackwell. It was established in 1948 and publishes full-length articles alongside shorter referenced articles notes and comments and survey articles.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.188 ranking it 291st out of 321 journals in the category Economics.
 The Bailey–Michelet House is a historic Italianate residence on Sheridan Road in Wilmette Illinois. Originally built in Evanston it was home to meatpacking businessman William Roberts Bailey and his wife Nancy. In 1896 the house was moved to Wilmette when it was sold to lawyer Charles Jules Michelet. Several generations of Michelet lived in the house. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Viviennea salma is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Venezuela and Honduras.
 Resurrecting Ravana is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Tagline: A dark evil is rising.
 The Tootal Broadhurst and Lee Building (subsequently Churchgate House) at No. 56 Oxford Street in Manchester England is a late Victorian warehouse and office block built in an Edwardian Baroque style for a firm of textile manufacturers. It was designed by J. Gibbons Sankey and constructed between 1896 and 1898.
 Leitzach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Chah-e Nakh Kuh (Persian: چاه نخكوه‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Nakh Kūh) is a village in Yunesi Rural District Yunesi District Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Schuylkill Mall is a former regional Crown American shopping mall located in Frackville Pennsylvania. Ownership of the mall later transferred to PREIT after the merger with Crown American. In March 2007 Empire Reality Investments bought the Schuylkill Mall and currently owns and operates the amenity as of August 2011. The facility features approximately 96 storefronts many of which are currently vacant.
 The Toronto Rap Project is a documentary directed by Richard Budman and produced by John Bortolotti for D.C.R. Productions.The Toronto Rap Project premiered April 20 2006 at the ReelWorld Film Festival going on to capture several major film awards including the StarTV audience choice award for best film and the best director award at the festival while selling out both of the screenings of the film.
 Three Dark Horses is the 142nd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Women & Waves is the 2000 album by Jimmy Ibbotson.
 Some Order Long Understood is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz recorded in 1982 and released on the Italian Black Saint label.
 The Undead is a 1957 horror film directed by Roger Corman starring Pamela Duncan Richard Garland Allison Hayes and Val Dufour. It follows the story of prostitute Diana Love (Duncan) who is put into a hypnotic trance by psychic Quintis (Dufour) thus causing her to regress back to a previous life. Star Allison Hayes also starred in Attack of the 50 Foot Woman (1958).
 William Joseph Martinez (born 1954) is a judge on the United States District Court for the District of Colorado.
 St Mary's Church Warrington is in the town centre of Warrington Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is an active Roman Catholic church. The parish was established and served by Benedictine monks from Ampleforth Abbey but following the withdrawal of Ampleforth Abbey from the parish in 2012 it is now served by the priest from St.Benedict's Church Warrington.
 Samuel Sipepa Nkomo is the Zimbabwe Minister of Water Resources Development and Management. He will be nominated for appointment to the Senate of Zimbabwe as a non-constituency senator.He is also the Water Resources Minister.
 The Little Pied Cormorant Little Shag or Kawaupaka (Microcarbo melanoleucos) is a common Australasian waterbird found around the coasts islands estuaries and inland waters of Australia New Guinea New Zealand Malaysia and Indonesia and around the islands of the south-western Pacific and the subantarctic. It is a small short-billed cormorant usually black above and white below with a yellow bill and small crest although a mostly black white-throated form predominates in New Zealand.
 V-Day: Until the Violence Stops (also known as World VDAY) is a 2003 documentary film directed by Abby Epstein. It follows events marking 2002 V-Day — a grassroots movement inspired by Eve Ensler's 1996 play The Vagina Monologues. The film focuses on V-Day activities in the United States Kenya Croatia and the Philippines.
 For other rivers with the same name see Broad River (disambiguation).The Broad River is a principal tributary of the Congaree River about 150 miles (240 km) long in western North Carolina and northern South Carolina in the United States. Via the Congaree it is part of the watershed of the Santee River which flows to the Atlantic Ocean.
 Return to Heaven Denied is the second album by Italian power metal band Labyrinth. It was the first album to feature Rob Tyrant on vocals. On 2010 the band released a follow-up to the album titled Return to Heaven Denied Pt. II: A Midnight Autumn's Dream
 Paul J. McNulty (born January 21 1958 in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania) is the former Deputy Attorney General of the United States having previously served as the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia. He held the position until July 26 2007.He was nominated as U.S. Attorney by President George W. Bush and confirmed on September 14 2001. McNulty was nominated to the position of Deputy Attorney General on October 20 2005 following the withdrawal of Timothy Flanigan's candidacy.
 Shanks is a 1974 American horror film about a puppeteer able to manipulate dead bodies like puppets. Mime Marcel Marceau in his first major film role plays the titular Malcolm Shanks. It was the last film directed by producer-director William Castle.
 Inside Carolina is an independent magazine and web site devoted to the University of North Carolina athletics. The site covers North Carolina football men's basketball baseball and recruiting. Its staff is composed of professional journalists who provide its readers with coverage of Tar Heel sports and recruiting. It features game reports commentary news photography and video clips.
 Rarities B-Sides and Other Stuff Volume 2 is the second compilation album of rarities by Canadian singer-songwriter Sarah McLachlan released in April 2008 twelve years after its predecessor. It was produced by longtime collaborator Pierre Marchand.
 Birkenberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Nannobrachium is a genus of lanternfishes.
 Francisco Núñez Melián (died 13 April 1644) was a Spanish adventurer and royal administrator.In 1626 he led an expedition to locate the wrecks of the two ships Nuestra Señora de Atocha and Santa Margarita. On 3 June 1626 one of his slaves Casta Bañon discovered the wreck of Santa Margarita.He was Governor of Venezuela from 1630 to 1637. Between 1643 and 1644 he was Governor of Yucatán appointed by Philip IV of Spain. He died while in office on 13 April 1644.
 Eleutherodactylus auriculatoides is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family found in the Dominican Republic and possibly Haiti. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hell's Highway is a 1932 American film directed by Rowland Brown.
 Warele-Filipowicze [vaˈrɛlɛ filipɔˈvit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 In a Minor Groove (also released as Dorothy Ashby Plays for Beautiful People) is an album by jazz harpist Dorothy Ashby recorded in 1958 and released on the New Jazz label.
 Trypeta mixta is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.
 Keeney Knob is a mountain of the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians in Summers County West Virginia. It is the highest point in Summers County. The mountain is the site of the WVNS-TV transmitter. The city nearest to Keeney Knob is Alderson.
 Surely You're Joking Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character is an edited collection of reminiscences by the Nobel Prize-winning physicist Richard Feynman. The book released in 1985 covers a variety of instances in Feynman's life. Some are lighthearted in tone such as his fascination with safe-cracking studying various languages participating with groups of people who share different interests (such as biology or philosophy) and ventures into art and samba music.
 Donje Svarče is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 122 people.
 Cerro El Pital is a mountain in Central America on the border of El Salvador and Honduras. It is located 12 km (7 mi) from the town of La Palma at a height of 2730 m (8957 ft) above sea level and is the highest point in Salvadoran territory.
 The Nassau grouper (Epinephelus striatus) is one of the large number of perciform fish in the family Serranidae that are commonly referred to as groupers. It is the most important of the groupers for commercial fishery in the West Indies but has been endangered by overfishing.The Nassau grouper is a US National Marine Fisheries Service Species of Concern.
 Dr. Chakib Pierre Daher (Arabic: بيار شكيب ظاه‎; born July 10 1960) is a Hungarian physician and politician of Lebanese descent member of the National Assembly (MP) from Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County Regional List since 2010. He is a member of the Committee on Health Affairs since July 5 2010 and Committee on Foreign Affairs since February 28 2011.
 The Roux Graineterie of Carpentras founded in 1907[citation needed] at 34 rue Bel Air Carpentras in Vaucluse is an outstanding example of this industry which now has five such institutions in France of which only two are classified as historical monuments (one in Carignan in Ardennes and the other monastic barn 14th century to Blois in Loir-et-Cher ). Since the order of September 9 2005 the building is listed as monument.
 Islom Abdug‘aniyevich Karimov (Cyrillic Uzbek: Ислом Абдуғаниевич Каримов; Russian: Ислам Абдуганиевич Каримов Islam Abduganiyevich Karimov; born January 30 1938) is the first President of Uzbekistan having held this position since 1991.Karimov was placed in an orphanage in Samarkand at birth grew up to study economics and engineering at school. He became an official in the Communist Party of the Soviet Union becoming the party's First Secretary in Uzbekistan in 1989.
 Adderley Hall was a historic country house in Adderley near Market Drayton in Shropshire England. The first house was burned down in 1877 and a new Victorian house was built and completed in 1881. It was demolished in 1955.
 Arlene Isabel Foster (née Kelly) (b. 3 July 1970) is a Northern Irish politician who has been the Member of the Legislative Assembly for Fermanagh and South Tyrone since 2003. She became Minister of the Environment in 2007 before becoming Minister for Enterprise Trade and Investment in 2008. Foster briefly fulfilled the duties of Peter Robinson as acting First Minister of Northern Ireland from 11 January 2010 to 3 February 2010 while he took leave to deal with the Iris Robinson scandal.
 Molteno Pass is a mountain pass in the Western Cape province of South Africa. It is considered to be South Africa's first mountain pass.
 Café paraíso (Paradise Café) is a 2008 Mexican short film directed and written by Alonso Ruiz Palacios.
 Lipie [ˈlipjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Kiełczygłów 14 km (9 mi) north of Pajęczno and 69 km (43 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Harrisburg Military Post is a historic National Guard armory complex and national historic district located at Harrisburg Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It serves as the headquarters for the 28th Infantry Division. The complex consist of ten buildings six of which are contributing to the historic place. The contributing buildings were built between 1929 and 1938.
 The Călugăreasa River is a tributary of the Câlnic River in Romania.
 Seconds is the third album released by Kate Rogers.Her first album was a compilation of her guest appearances as vocalist on Grand Central Records releases entitled Kate Rogers Vs Grand Central. This was followed by St. Eustacia an album of original material written and performed by Rogers.Seconds consists of 8 somewhat surprising cover versions in Kate's downtempo style plus one new original track written and performed with Grand Central Records label-mate Jon Kennedy
 The Henry W. Oliver Building is a 25-storey 106 m (348 ft) skyscraper at 535 Smithfield Street across from Mellon Square in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The building was designed by Daniel Burnham and built 1908-10 consisting of a stone and terra cotta facade over a steel frame. It cost $3.5 million ($91.9 million today)
 Stegnaster wesseli is a sea star of the family Echinasteridae found around the Bahamas and in the Caribbean from Florida to the Yucatan including the Gulf of Mexico.
 Half-Life is a debut novel by Aaron Krach. Published in 2004 by Alyson Books the novel was nominated for a Violet Quill Award and was among the 2004 Lambda Literary Award finalists. It discusses young love coping with death and the issues facing gay youth.
 From Shadows Came Darkness is metal band Mendeed's third EP release.
 Hyposmocoma genitalis is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Maui.
 Captain Lord Charles William Brudenell-Bruce PC (18 June 1834 – 16 April 1897) styled Lord Charles Bruce was a British soldier and Liberal Party politician. He served as Vice-Chamberlain of the Household under William Ewart Gladstone between 1880 and 1885.
 John Rowan (July 12 1773 – July 13 1843) was a 19th-century politician and jurist from the U.S. state of Kentucky. Rowan's family moved from Pennsylvania to the Kentucky frontier when he was young. From there they moved to Bardstown Kentucky where Rowan studied law with former Kentucky Attorney General George Nicholas.
 Six World Trade Center was an 8-story building in Lower Manhattan New York City. The building opened in 1973. It was also the building in the World Trade Center that had the least number of floors. The building served for a short period of time as the US Customs House. It was demolished in 2001 as a result of the September 11th terrorist attacks.
 Melford is a historic plantation home located on the grounds of the Maryland Science and Technology Center near the intersection of U.S. Route 301 and U.S. Route 50 at Bowie Prince George's County Maryland.
 The Warlord of the Air is a 1971 British alternate history science fiction novel written by Michael Moorcock. It concerns the adventures of Oswald Bastable an Edwardian-era soldier stationed in India and his adventures in an alternate universe in his own future wherein the First World War never happened.
 Nadarzyn [naˈdaʐɨn] is a village in Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nadarzyn. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Pruszków and 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Warsaw.In 2007 the village had a population of 3198.
 SWA is a well-known biweekly business magazine based in Jakarta Indonesia. Published in 1985 it has significantly attacted thousands readers across archipelago.
 Dallas Contemporary founded in 1978 is an exhibition space located in the Design District of Dallas Texas. Dallas Contemporary is a non-collecting art museum presenting new and challenging ideas from regional national and international artists. The institution is committed to engaging the public through exhibitions lectures educational programs and events. The range and level of Dallas Contemporary’s programs serve audiences in the metropolitan Dallas-Fort Worth area and beyond.
 The Wide Wide World is an 1850 novel by Susan Warner published under the pseudonym Elizabeth Wetherell. It is often acclaimed as America's first bestseller.
 The Turimawiwi River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northwest from the Wakamarama Range 40 kilometres southwest of Cape Farewell.
 The Old Mobile Site was the location of the French settlement La Mobile and the associated Fort Louis de La Louisiane in the French colony of New France in North America from 1702 until 1712. The site is located in Le Moyne Alabama on the Mobile River in the Mobile-Tensaw River Delta. The settlement served as the capital of French Louisiana in from 1702 until 1711 when the capital was relocated to the site of present-day Mobile Alabama.
 The Église Notre-Dame de l'Assomption (Our Lady of the Assumption Church) is the parish church of the town of Rouffach in southern Alsace and one of the largest medieval churches in the Haut-Rhin département of France. The church is also known as Saint-Arbogast Church (Église Saint-Arbogast).It lies on the Route Romane d'Alsace. Although work started in the 11th century and was carried on with interruptions until 1870 the building remains unfinished.
 Daniel T. Dan McNeill is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives first elected in 2012. He represents the 133rd district. From 1966-1972 McNeill was a member of the Pennsylvania National Guard. McNeill has also served as a commissioner and executive for Whitehall Township and as Manager of Regional Partnerships for Lehigh County.
 Kachal (Persian: کچل‎) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 22 families.
 James Claude Wright Jr. (born December 22 1922) usually known as Jim Wright is a former Democratic U.S. Congressman from Texas who served 34 years in the U.S. House of Representatives and was the Speaker of the House from 1987 to 1989. Wright resigned from the House in 1989 because of a scandal.
 Al-Khalidiyah (Arabic: الخالدية‎ also spelled Khaldiyeh) is a village in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate south of Hama. Nearby localities include Kafr Buhum to the southwest Ayyubiyah to the south Maarin al-Jabal to the southeast al-Jinan to the east and Surayhin to the northeast. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics al-Khalidiyah had a population of 4740 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims.
 Ruth W. Provost (born August 9 1949 in Boston Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented 2nd Plymouth District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1997 to 2003.
 Zukići (Cyrillic: Зукићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ian Milne (born 1954) is an Irish republican politician.Born in Bellaghy Milne joined the Official Irish Republican Army-linked Fianna Éireann youth group soon after its formation but the following year moved to join the Provisional IRA. He was gaoled in 1971 after explosives went off in a car in which he was travelling. He was imprisoned in the Crumlin Road Jail but escaped in January 1973.
 Hileh Sara (Persian: حيله سرا‎ also Romanized as Ḩīleh Sarā; also known as Heleh Sarāy and Heleh Sarā-ye Lemīr) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 75 families.
 The Floodwood River is a 32.1-mile-long (51.7 km) tributary of the Saint Louis River of Minnesota United States joining the Saint Louis at the city of Floodwood.
 Passion's Promise is a 1977 novel by Danielle Steel also published under the title Golden Moments.
 The Eleanor is a historic gaff rigged racing sloop built in 1903 at the B. F. Wood shipyard City Island Bronx and designed by Clinton H. Crane. She is homeported at Hudson Columbia County New York.
 Live at Wood Hall is the fourth album release from Canadian singer-songwriter Allison Crowe. This double-CD set was recorded over two nights of concerts in the converted church chapel of the Victoria Conservatory of Music in Victoria British Columbia.The concert repertoire captured on these discs encompasses a range of genres from roots & blues through folk pop/rock jazz and Broadway.
 I.R.I.S. 4MOTION is a four-CD box set by Romanian hard rock group Iris.
 Balavant Apte (Devanāgarī): बळवंत आपटे (18 January 1939 – 17 July 2012) was a politician from Bharatiya Janata Party and a member of the Parliament of India representing Maharashtra in the Rajya Sabha the upper house of the Indian Parliament. He was a MA LLM. He died on 17 July 2012 at Hinduja Hospital in Mumbai.He was popularly known as Bal Apte or Balasaheb Apte and was one of national vice presidents of the party.
 The Wexford People is a local or regional newspaper published once per week (every Wednesday) in County Wexford Ireland.
 Jodłówka-Wałki [jɔdˈwufka ˈvau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnów within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 The Journal of East Asian Economic Integration is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal on economics. It is published by the Korea Institute for International Economic Policy and was established in 1997 as the Journal of International Economic Studies obtaining its current title in 2012. The editor-in-chief is June Dong Kim (Korea Institute for International Economic Policy).
 Mountain Lake is a lake situated in southern Adirondack Park in Bleecker New York. It is located just east of Great Sacandaga Lake. The lake was called Carpenter's Lake in the 19th century. The lake contains one small island Elmer Island located towards the western end. There is a dam on the northwestern end of the lake. Its outlet flows into Vandenburgh Pond.
 Ellison Wonderland is a collection of short stories by author Harlan Ellison that was originally published in 1962. Gerry Gross bought the book from Ellison in 1961 providing him with the funds he needed to move to Los Angeles. Subsequent payments after the book was published supplied the author with enough money to survive until he was able to find a job writing for a television series. It was later reprinted in 1974 by New American Library with an introduction by Ellison.
 To Ngoc Van is a pit-floored crater on Mercury which was discovered in January 2008 during the first flyby of the planet by MESSENGER spacecraft. Its floor displays an irregularly shaped collapse feature which is called a central pit. The size of the pit is 21 × 10 km. Such a feature may have resulted from collapse of a magma chamber underlying the central part of the crater. The collapse feature is an analog of Earth's volcanic calderas.
 Maxime Arseneau (born November 24 1949 in Havre-aux-Maisons Quebec) is a radio host and teacher and former Quebec politician. He was the Member of National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Îles-de-la-Madeleine. He represents the Parti Québécois and was a former minister in the cabinets of Former Premiers Lucien Bouchard and Bernard Landry. Arseneau served as MNA from 1998 to 2008.
 Bozorg Shivand (Persian: بزرگ شيوند‎ also Romanized as Bozorg Shīvand) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 327 in 65 families.
 Hollywood is the fifth historical novel in Gore Vidal's Narratives of Empire series. Published in 1990 it brings back the fictional Caroline Sanford Blaise Sanford and James Burden Day and the real Theodore Roosevelt and William Randolph Hearst from Empire (the fourth novel in the series). Events are seen through the eyes of the Sanfords Day and the historical Jess Smith a member of the Ohio Gang.Historical characters introduced in this novel include Woodrow Wilson Franklin D.
 The Jellymen was a comic strip that ran in The Beezer from February 1960 until September 1960.The Jellymen were grey five-legged humanoids who had suckers instead of hands. These suckers produced giant bubbles that could solidify and imprison humans.
 Vaadhyar (Malayalam: വാദ്ധ്യാർ Vāadhyar ?; English: Teacher) is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by debutant Nidheesh Sakthi and written by Rajesh Raghavan Produced by N Sudhish under the banner of Lakshminath Creations and the music is composed by Manoj George and R. Gautham. The film stars Jayasurya in the title role.The film is about a government school teacher named Anoop Krishnan his dream is to become an MBA holder but circumstances force him to take up teaching profession.
 Himmatwala (English translation: Brave Man) is a 2013 Indian action comedy film directed by Sajid Khan and jointly produced by UTV Motion Pictures and Vashu Bhagnani. The film features Ajay Devgan and Tamannaah in the lead roles. It is an official remake of film of the same name which is again a remake of Telugu film Ooriki Monagadu by the same director directed by K. Raghavendra Rao.
 Maiwa's Revenge or The War of the Little Hand is a short novel by H. Rider Haggard about the hunter Allan Quartermain. The story involves Quartermain going on a hunting expedition then taking part in an attack on a native kraal to rescue a captured English hunter and avenge Maiwa an African princess whose baby has been killed.
 Alasa Farms also known as the Sodus Bay Shaker Tract and Sodus Bay Phalanx is a historic farm complex located near Alton in Wayne County New York. The farm complex was originally built and occupied by the Sodus Bay Shakers an official branch of the United Society of Believers in Christ's Second Appearing starting in 1833 to 1844.
 Addington Gardner House is a historic house at 128 Hollis Street in Sherborn Massachusetts.It was built in 1730 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life is a 2000 autobiographical book by American cyclist Lance Armstrong with Sally Jenkins. The book was written shortly after Armstrong had won the 1999 Tour de France: he went on to win it six further times in successive years establishing a record. In 1996 he had been diagnosed with testicular cancer which spread to his lungs abdomen and brain and was only given a 40 percent chance of living.
 Wild Arms: Advanced 3rd Original Soundtrack is the complete soundtrack to Media.Vision's 2002 RPG Wild Arms 3. It marks the first time a Wild Arms soundtrack has been released completely rather than half of the soundtrack being on one disc or songs being less than one minute.
 The Blue Jay (Cyanocitta cristata) is a passerine bird in the family Corvidae native to North America. It is resident through most of eastern and central United States and southern Canada although western populations may be migratory. It breeds in both deciduous and coniferous forests and is common near and in residential areas. It is predominately blue with a white chest and underparts and a blue crest. It has a black U-shaped collar around its neck and a black border behind the crest.
 Revolver (stylized as rEVOLVEr) is the fourth studio album by Swedish metal band The Haunted.This album merges the raw blueprint of their self-titled debut with the slightly more refined and produced sound evident on their subsequent albums.As the album name suggests the band has evolved on this record. There are more cleanly sung and melodic vocals than ever before along with the requisite screaming metal-vocals.
 Kaagaz Ke Phool (Hindi: कागज़ के फूल; Urdu: کاغذ کے پھول‎; Kāgaz kē Phūl meaning Paper Flowers) is a 1959 Hindi film produced and directed by Guru Dutt who also played the lead role in the film.The film was a box office disaster in its time but was later resurrected as a world cinema cult classic in the 1980s. The film's music was composed by S. D.
 Mars (マース Māsu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Fuyumi Soryo. Initially serialized in Bessatsu Friend from 1996 to 2000 the series spans 15 tankōbon volumes. It follows the disliked teenage romance between Kira Aso an introverted artist and Rei Kashino a troubled playboy who is a professional motorcycle racer.
 The Church of St. Laurence is a Roman Catholic parish church in Cambridge UK. It is part of the Diocese of East Anglia within the Province of Westminster. It is part of the Cambridge Deanery and is one of the three parishes serving the city of Cambridge the other two being Our Lady and the English Martyrs and St. Philip Howard.
 Churan (Persian: چوران‎ also Romanized as Chūrān) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Bornite Range is a subrange of the Bulkley Ranges located just northeast of Terrace on the north side of Kleanza Creek in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Live at the Googolplex is a live album by rock band Clutch compiled from various live recordings in 2002. It was released in 2003 and contains 15 tracks. The Googolplex of the title refers to the number of the same name.
 Anne Marie Healey (born January 2 1951) is an American politician who represents District 22 in the Maryland House of Delegates.
 Gotham City Sirens is an American comic book series written by Paul Dini with art by Guillem March and published by DC Comics. The series features some of the most popular female characters that inhabit Gotham City including Catwoman Poison Ivy and Harley Quinn. The first issue was released in June 2009 as a part of the Batman: Reborn relaunch in all of DC's Batman titles.
 Nakhelstan-e Mohr (Persian: نخلستان مهر‎ also Romanized as Nakhlestān-e Mohr) is a village in Mohr Rural District in the Central District of Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 The Do Peixe River (Paraná River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Frederick Peters (April 8 1851 – July 29 1919) was a lawyer and Prince Edward Island politician who served as the sixth Premier of Prince Edward Island.
 Springe (Schmiech) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Wasteland is a novel written by Francesca Lia Block and published in 2003.The book is about the tragedy of love between family incest and the guilt anger and suicide of one of the siblings. It switches narratives and persons throughout the book bouncing between the siblings Marina and Lex Lex's journal and Marina's friend West.
 Mayville is a village in Tuscola County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 950 at the 2010 census. The village is within Fremont Township along the boundary with Dayton Township.
 The Land is a novel written by Mildred D. Taylor. It is the first book of the Logan Family saga. It is a prequel to the whole series that recounts the life of Cassie Logan's grandfather Paul as he grows from a nine-year-old boy into a man in his mid-twenties. This book won the 2002 Coretta Scott King Author Award and the 2002 Scott O'Dell Award for Historical Fiction.
 Elk Lake is a large lake located in Elk/Beaver Lake Regional Park in Saanich British Columbia. Elk Lake and Beaver Lake are actually one lake as a shallow channel connects them.Elk/Beaver lake was known as the Freshwater Playground of Victoria in its heyday the 1930s and 1940s. However with the completion of the Pat Bay highway in the 1950s focus turned to environmentalism and measures were taken to start restoring the park to its natural state and protecting it.
 Ardeth Lake is an alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 18 miles (29 km) south of Stanley.
 Toki o Kakeru Shōjo (時をかける少女 lit. The Girl Who Runs Through Time) is the second live-action film adaptation of novel of the same name. The film was released in Japan on November 8 1997 directed by Haruki Kadokawa with a screenplay by Ryōji Itō Chiho Katsura and Haruki Kadokawa starring beginner Nana Nakamoto in the main role. The film is narrated by the previous 1983 film's lead-actress Tomoyo Harada and is set in 1965 when the novel was published for the first time.
 Odorrana anlungensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to China.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. Its status is insufficiently known.
 Dragør Church is a Lutheran church in Dragør Denmark. It belongs to the Church of Denmark.
 King Queen Joker is a 1921 American silent feature farce written and directed by Sydney Chaplin Charlie's older brother. The picture was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures. The film was shot in England France and the United States.Less than a reel of this film the barbershop sequence survives at the British Film Institute. It was included in the 2011 Criterion DVD special two disc edition release of The Great Dictator.
 St Mildred Poultry was a parish church in the Cheap ward of the City of London. It was rebuilt after the Great Fire of London and demolished in 1872. St Mildred in the Poultry was the burial place of the writer Thomas Tusser. Some description of the church and its monuments is given in John Stow's Survey of London.
 Borderless is the debut album of Cameron Cartio a Swedish pop singer of Iranian origin. It was released in 2006. The album contains collaborations (in composition and arrangements) from Marcus Englof Alex Papaconstantinou Cheb Khaled E. Le Tennen (Ari Lehtonen) J. Gill B. Ates T. Hanna and Robin Rex.
 Lost Moon: The Perilous Voyage of Apollo 13 (1994) later renamed Apollo 13 is a book written by Jim Lovell and Jeffrey Kluger. It is about the failed Apollo 13 Lunar landing mission of which Lovell was the commander. The 1995 Ron Howard movie Apollo 13 is based on the book.The Apollo 13 mission was the third intended to land on the Moon. An explosion on board crippled the Service Module containing the majority of the life support systems for the ship.
 Samalpatti is a town in Krishnagiri district Tamil Nadu India.
 Taunggon is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 The Karlspitzen is a twin-peaked mountain in the middle of the Kaisergebirge range of the Northern Limestone Alps in Austria. The two peaks are the northern Hinteren Karlspitze (2281 m) and the southern Vorderen Karlspitze (2263 m) with its summit cross; they are linked by a sharp exposed rocky arête. Seen from the south the Vordere Karlspitze is a huge and very prominent block of rock whereas the Hintere Karlspitze is hidden behind other (lower) neighbouring mountains.
 Chixdiggit! is the debut album by Chixdiggit. It was released in 1996 by Sub Pop
 Congregation Knesseth Israel is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located in Ellington Connecticut.The congregation was founded in 1906 by a group of Jewish farmers.The synagogue building known as Knesseth Israel Synagogue was built in 1913 at the corner of Middle Rd. and Abbott Rd. in Ellington. It was built in the Colonial Revival Style partly with funds from the philanthropist Baron Maurice de Hirsch's Jewish Colonization Association.
 The Cund River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 Jadwisin [jadˈviɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Łuków and 69 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 The Complete Chronicles of Conan: Centenary Edition is a collection of fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The book was published in 2006 by Gollancz and is an omnibus of their earlier collections The Conan Chronicles Volume 1: The People of the Black Circle and The Conan Chronicles Volume 2: The Hour of the Dragon though the stories are rearranged.
 The Journal of Religion and Health is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It publishes original articles that deal with mental and physical health in relation to religion and spirituality of all kinds. The journal was established in 1961 by the Blanton-Peale Institute.
 The American House (est1835) was a hotel in Boston Massachusetts located on Hanover Street.Abraham W. Brigham Lewis Rice (1837-1874) Henry B. Rice (1868-1888) and Allen E. Jones (c. 1921) served as proprietors. In 1851 the building was expanded. In 1868 it had the first hotel passenger elevator in Boston. By the 1860s it also had billiard halls telegraph office and cafe. In the late nineteenth century it was described as the headquarters of the shoe-and-leather trade in the city.
 The Delaware Sports Museum and Hall of Fame is a membership-based organization founded in 1976. The organization runs a museum with exhibits at Daniel S. Frawley Stadium on the Riverfront in Wilmington Delaware and promotes physical fitness in the community.The museum is a member of the International Sports Heritage Association.
 Lucas is the second album by Ghostly International artist Skeletons and the first under their new name of Skeletons and the Kings of All Cities. It was released in 2007.
 Dragonsdale (2007) is a fantasy novel written by The Two Steves (Steve Barlow and Steve Skidmore) under the pen name Salamanda Drake.
 Billy Bathgate is a 1989 novel by author E. L. Doctorow that won the 1989 National Book Critics Circle award for fiction for 1990 and the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction and was the runner up for the 1990 Pulitzer Prize and the 1989 National Book Award.
 Alphaxard Kangi Ndege Lugola (born 25 May 1963) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Mwibara constituency since 2010.
 Fantasma is the third studio album by the Japanese recording artist Cornelius. It was released in 1997 and charted at number six on the Japanese Oricon album chart. Fantasma includes the singles Star Fruits Surf Rider Free Fall and Chapter 8 (co-written by Robert Schneider of The Apples in stereo and featuring Schneider on vocals guitar and bass and Apples in stereo drummer Hilarie Sidney on vocals and drums).
 The Saint Elias Cathedral (Arabic: كاتدرائية القدّيِس الياس‎) is an Eastern Catholic (Maronite) church in Aleppo Syria located in the Christian quarter of Jdeydeh. It is named after Elijah the prophet. The church was built in 1873 on the place of the old Maronite church. It was renovated in 1914.
 Sphaerotheca swani is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to Nepal.Its natural habitat is swamps.
 The American Woodcock (Scolopax minor) sometimes colloquially referred to as the Timberdoodle is a small chunky shorebird species found primarily in the eastern half of North America. Woodcocks spend most of their time on the ground in brushy young-forest habitats where the birds' brown black and gray plumage provides excellent camouflage.Because of the male Woodcock's unique beautiful courtship flights the bird is welcomed as a harbinger of spring in northern areas.
 Christmas with Conniff is a twelve-track album in which Ray Conniff keeps it mostly secular. The lone exception is the inclusion of Greensleeves also one of the few ballads on this album. For the most part Conniff keeps it cheery and bright with songs like Here Comes Santa Claus and Frosty the Snowman.
 Samsara Sangeetham is a Tamil film released in 1989 directed and produced by T. Rajendar. Rajender himself appeared in the title role with Renu whilst the film featured an extensive cast which also featured Rajendar's real life children along with a bevy of supporting actors. The film released on 18 July 1989. The film didn't succeed well at the box office
 Blues at Sunrise is a Blues album by Albert King recorded live atthe Montreux Jazz Festival (July 1 1973)and released in 1973. Material recorded on the 1973 Montreux festival was also released inhis albums Montreux Festival and Blues At Sunset.
 Netechma is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 The Berrima River (in Victoria) also called the Berrima Creek (in New South Wales) is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian states of New South Wales and Victoria.
 Karlas Kabale (English: Karla's World) is a 2007 Danish movie based on the 2003 book of the same title written by Renée Simonsen the film is directed by Charlotte Sachs Bostrup.
 Geodena is a genus of moth from the family Geometridae.
 The SNCI Tower is a planned apartment skyscraper in New York City New York. The building is planned to rise 289.6 metres (950 ft) in the city's TriBeCa district with 57 floors. The building was proposed in mid-2011. The SNCI Tower was designed by the solus4 architectural firm and LeMessurier Consultants.
 Anbarlu (Persian: عنبرلو‎ also Romanized as ‘Anbarlū) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 Federico Fabian Peña (born March 15 1947) is a former United States Secretary of Transportation from 1993 to 1997 and United States Secretary of Energy from 1997 to 1998 during the presidency of Bill Clinton.Born in Laredo Texas Peña earned a B.A. (1969) and a J.D. (1972) from the University of Texas at Austin and The University of Texas School of Law respectively.
 Family Guy: It Takes a Village Idiot and I Married One is an American humor book about Family Guy written by executive story editor Cherry Chevapravatdumrong and writer/voice actress Alex Borstein. The book was first published on 8 May 2007. The book is a biographical monologue by Lois Griffin discussing her memories of growing up and to her attempted run for mayor in the town of Quahog.
 Insufferable is an American comic book series written by Mark Waid and digitally published by Waid's Thrillbent label. The series described by Waid as a dramedy follows an estranged superhero team; the dedicated hero Nocturnus and his arrogant egotistical former sidekick Galahad who are forced to reunite to tackle a new case. Insufferable reunited Waid with his Irredeemable creative team artist Peter Krause and colorist Nolan Woodward.
 Fontanka (Russian: Фонтанка) is a left branch of the river Neva which flows through the whole of Central Saint Petersburg Russia. Its length is 6700 m its width is up to 70 m and its depth is up to 35 m. The Fontanka Embankment is lined with the former private residences of Russian nobility.This river one of 93 rivers and channels in St. Petersburg was once named Anonymous Creek (in Russian Bezymyannyi Yerik Безымянный ерик).
 Mithraculus sculptus the green clinging crab or emerald crab is a species of crab in the family Majidae. It is a dark green colour and is found in tropical waters in the Caribbean Sea. It is sometimes kept in reef aquaria.
 Seoca (Cyrillic: Сеоца) is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hell Below Zero (1954) is a murder mystery film starring Alan Ladd in the second of his films for Warwick Films.The film was directed by Mark Robson and was written by Alec Coppel and Max Trell. The film was produced in color based on the novel The White South by Hammond Innes and presents interesting footage of whaling fleets in action.
 Tom and Jerry's Giant Adventure is a 2013 animated direct-to-video film starring Tom and Jerry produced by Warner Bros. Animation. It is the first Tom and Jerry direct-to-video film to not feature the WBFE print on its back cover. Tom and Jerry are the faithful servants of Jack the owner of a struggling storybook amusement park that gets a much-needed boost thanks to some mysterious magical beans.
 Eramudugolla (7°15'N 80°40'E) is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The White-throated Sierra Finch (Phrygilus erythronotus) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family.It is found in Bolivia Chile and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Charles John Chetwynd-Talbot 19th Earl of Shrewsbury 19th Earl of Waterford 4th Earl Talbot PC (13 April 1830 – 11 May 1877) styled Viscount Ingestre between 1849 and 1868 was a British Conservative politician. He served as Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms under Benjamin Disraeli between 1875 and 1877.
 Sämi is a village in Sõmeru Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It's located on the Tallinn–Narva highway (E20) about 14 km (9 mi) east of the town of Rakvere. Sämi has a population of 59 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Ladies Whose Bright Eyes is a novel by Ford Madox Ford. It was written in 1911 and extensively revised in 1935 and published under Ford's common pseudonym Daniel Chaucer.Although it has a time travel theme of a sort is usually classed as mainstream literature rather than science fiction. As its author explicitly stated  (...)The idea of this book was suggested to me by Mark Twain's A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court.
 Rissopsetia is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cimidae.
 Scales of the Serpent is a 2007 novel written by Richard A. Knaak and is the second novel in the Diablo trilogy The Sin War. It continues the story from Birthright and is followed by The Veiled Prophet.
 Life or Death (Arabic: Hayat ou maut‎) is a 1954 Egyptian film directed by Kamal El Sheikh. It was entered into the 1955 Cannes Film Festival.
 Risingsun is a village in Wood County Ohio United States. The population was 606 at the 2010 census.
 Ian Douglas Trezise (born 30 September 1959) is an Australian politician. He has been an Australian Labor Party member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly since September 1999 representing the seat of Geelong.
 200 Motels is a 1971 American-British musical surrealist film cowritten and directed by Frank Zappa and Tony Palmer and starring The Mothers of Invention Theodore Bikel and Ringo Starr. The film covers a loose storyline about The Mothers of Invention going crazy in the small town Centerville. A soundtrack album was released in the same year.As of 2009 200 Motels was restored / commented on by Tony Palmer and is currently available on an England-sourced for-retail DVD.
 Fikuri is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2371 living in 440 individual households.
 A Very Rosie Christmas is the fifth album by American singer-songwriter Rosie Thomas released in 2008. It is her first holiday album and features vocals from her friends and family members. The album mixes original songs with cover versions.Thomas said of the album: I've always loved to work on Christmas songs; Growing up every Christmas Eve we entertained the family that came over 'cause my parents were musicians.
 Lance Gooden (born December 1 1982) is a departing two-term Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 4 (Kaufman and a portion of Henderson counties).
 The National Historic Trails Interpretive Center (NHTIC) is a 11000-square-foot (1000 m2) interpretive center about several of the National Historic Trails and is located northwest of Casper Wyoming on Interstate 25. It is operated through a partnership between the Bureau of Land Management the City of Casper and the National Historic Trails Center Foundation. The center offers interpretive programs exhibits multi-media presentations and special events.
 Zetsubō ni Kiku Kusuri (絶望に効くクスリ lit. Medicine for Despair) is a Japanese non-fiction manga by Reiji Yamada. Each volume is a collection with interviews describing how the subjects overcame hardship or how they are working to make the world a better place.
 Triple Crossing in Richmond Virginia is believed to be the only place in North America where three Class I railroads cross at different levels at the same spot.At the lowest (ground) level the original Richmond and York River Railroad was extended after the American Civil War to connect with the Richmond and Danville Railroad later part of the Southern Railway System currently part of Norfolk Southern.
 Sk. Mastan Vali is an Indian politician belonging to Indian National Congress. He is a Member of Legislative Assembly from Guntur East Andhra Pradesh.
 Daggubati Purandhareswari (Telugu: దగ్గుబాటి పురంధరేశ్వరి; born (1959-04-22)22 April 1959) is an Indian politician from the state of Andhra Pradesh. She represents the Visakhapatnam constituency of Andhra Pradesh as a Member of Parliament in the 15th Lok Sabha of India. She had previously represented the Bapatla constituency in the 14th Lok Sabha during which period she served as the Minister of State in the Ministry of Human Resource Development.
 Yucheng Postal Stop (Chinese: 盂城驿; pinyin: Yúchéng yì) also called Yucheng Post is located in the Postal Lane outside the South Gate of Gaoyou Jiangsu China west of the Grand Canal. It is currently the largest and most completely preserved ancient courier station in China where couriers changed horses and rested. The stop has been listed in the fourth group of National Key Cultural Relics Protection Units since 1996.
 The Skeptic is a British magazine and is billed as the UK’s longest running and foremost sceptical magazine which examines science skepticism secularism critical thinking and claims of the paranormal.
 Nowy Boguszyn [ˈnɔvɨ bɔˈɡuʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Curse of the Talisman is a 2001 made-for-TV horror film directed by Colin Budds. It starred Jesse Spencer Capkin Van Alphen and Sara Gleeson.
 Sabine baroness de Bethune (born 16 July 1958) is a Belgian politician and a member of the Christian Democratic and Flemish party.The daughter of former Kortrijk mayor Emmanuel de Bethune she is family member of the noble house of the Barons de Bethune and styled as a Lady. Lady de Bethune holds a Master of Laws from the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven. She was elected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 1995. Sabine is also a member of the AWEPA Governing Council.
 The Wilson Quarterly is a magazine published by the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington D.C. The magazine was founded in 1976 by Peter Braestrup and James H. Billington. The Quarterly is noted for its nonpartisan nonideological approach to current issues with articles written from various perspectives.
 Laguna de Bay (Filipino: Lawa ng Bay; English: Lake of Bay) is the largest lake in the Philippines located east of Metro Manila between the provinces of Laguna to the south and Rizal to the north. The freshwater lake has a surface area of 911-949 km² (352-366 sq mi) with an average depth of about 2.8 metres (9 ft 2 in) and an elevation of about 1 metre (3 ft 3 in) above sea level. The lake is shaped like a stylized 'W' with two peninsulas jutting out from the northern shore.
 The Shasta Blue (Aricia shasta) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from northwestern United States to southern Saskatchewan and Alberta.The wingspan is 20–22 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Lupinus lyalli Astragalus spatulatus Astragalus calycosus and Trifolium dasphyllum.
 Firuzabad (Persian: فيروزاباد‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Azari Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 67 families.
 Eristalinus taeniops is a species of hoverfly also known as the band-eyed drone fly.
 The Trentemøller Chronicles is a compilation album by Danish electronic musician Trentemøller released on October 1 2007. The first disc acts as a mix session mixed by Trentemøller and the second disc contains selected Trentemøller remixes in their full length. The double album is also available on vinyl and as digital download.The liner notes read:The Trentemøller Chronicles peaked at #13 on the Danish Albums Chart.
 Paraphidippus nigropilosus is a spider species in the Salticidae (jumping spider) family. It belongs to the genus Paraphidippus. The species is endemic to Mexico and was officially described by Nathan Banks in 1898.
 Conchitella clivinoides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Conchitella.
 The Pure in Heart is a novel by Susan Hill. It is the second in a series of crime novels which contains The Various Haunts of Men and The Risk of Darkness.
 Dog Day Afternoon is a 1975 American dramatic crime film directed by Sidney Lumet written by Frank Pierson and produced by Martin Bregman. The film stars Al Pacino John Cazale Charles Durning Chris Sarandon Penelope Allen James Broderick Lance Henriksen and Carol Kane. The title refers to the sultry dog days of summer.The film was inspired by P.F.
 Tirumale Ranganatha Shamanna (13 March 1912 – 30 August 1990) was an Indian politician social activist educationistand independence movement activist from the state of Karnataka. He served as member of Parliament 7th Lok Sabha for Bangalore South from 1980-1984.
 Urft is a 31.1 mile long river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Stephanie Dawn Thacker (born August 22 1965) is a United States Circuit Judge for the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
 Semechnice is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 The White-breasted Antbird (Rhegmatorhina hoffmannsi) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Tuyunaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the later part of the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Leonard Hoffmann Baron Hoffmann PC (born 8 May 1934) is a retired senior British judge. He served as a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary from 1995 to 2009. Well known for his lively decisions and willingness to break with convention he has had an especially large impact on shareholder actions in UK company law in restricting tort liability for public authorities human rights and on intellectual property law in particular patents.
 Zygomaturus is an extinct giant marsupial from Australia during the Pleistocene. It had a heavy body and thick legs and is believed to be similar to the modern Pygmy Hippopotamus in both size and build. The genus moved on all fours. It lived in the wet coastal margins of Australia and became extinct about 45000 years ago. Zygomaturus also is believed to have expanded its range toward the interior of the continent along the waterways.
 Gack [ɡat͡sk] (German: Kolonie Berkenbrügge) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Drawno 22 km (14 mi) east of Choszczno and 82 km (51 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Long Winter (Spanish: El largo invierno) is a 1992 French-Spanish drama film directed by Jaime Camino and starring Vittorio Gassman Elizabeth Hurley and Jacques Penot. It depicts a middle-class Catalan family during the Spanish Civil War. The film was entered into the 42nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 For the Hawaiian nationalist leader see Bumpy Kanahele. For the character see Mr. Bumpy. Or see bump (disambiguation).Bumpy is a species of Jellyfish Stellamedusa ventana.The species was first described in the Journal of the Marine Biological Association in 2004 by Kevin Raskoff and George Matsumoto of the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute. As of February 2004 seven specimens have been observed five off the California coast in Monterey Bay and two in the Gulf of California.
 Lipienica [lipjɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie within Golub-Dobrzyń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kowalewo Pomorskie 11 km (7 mi) west of Golub-Dobrzyń and 22 km (14 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Armando Franco is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). He was elected to the Puerto Rico House of Representatives in 2012 to represent District 17.
 David Blaize is a novel of school life by English author Edward Frederic Benson. The first edition was published in 1916 by Hodder and Stoughton London.Set in England before the First World War the novel describes David's years at prep school and public school his studies sports and friendships and finally his brush with death when he stops a runaway horse.
 The John M. and Elizabeth Bates House No. 1 is a historic house in Portland Oregon United States. Architect Wade Pipes a pivotal figure in the Arts and Crafts movement in Oregon designed the house in the mid-1930s for his close friends John and Elizabeth Bates. Built in 1935 it represents that decade's transition in Pipes' focus from English vernacular exterior elements toward clean lines rectilinear forms and minimal decoration.
 Break Sokos Hotel Eden is located in the Hietasaari district 4.5 km (3 mi) away from Oulu centre in the Nallikari camping-area. This Finland subtropical sea spa was constructed in 1989 by the designer Paavo Karjalainen.The spa was originally known as The Eden Nallikari Sea Spa. Subsequent names have included Spa Hotel Eden Oulu Eden Spa Hotel Holiday Club Oulu Eden and Sokos Hotel Eden. The hotel is currently named Break Sokos Hotel Eden.
 Crib Goch is described as a knife-edged arête in the Snowdonia National Park in Gwynedd Wales. The name means red ridge in the Welsh language presumably referring to the serrated ridge and the colour of some of the rocks. The highest point on the arête is 923 metres (3028 ft) above sea level.
 Terebra luandensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Serchio (in antiquity the Auser) is the third longest river in the Italian region of Tuscany at 126 kilometres coming after the Arno (242 km) and the Ombrone (161 km).
 Wilbert Joseph Keon OC (born May 17 1935) is a heart surgeon researcher and was a Canadian Senator.Born in Sheenboro Quebec he received a Bachelor of Science from St. Patrick's College Carleton University and a Doctor of Medicine from the University of Ottawa.After a period of studying and teaching at Harvard University in Boston he returned to Ottawa in the early 1970s Dr.
 Bijnapalli or Bijinapalle is a Mandal in Mahbubnagar district Andhra Pradesh.
 Scala Regia (Latin pronunciation: [ˈskaːla ˈreːɡia] and Italian pronunciation: [ˈskaːla ˈreːdʒia]; English: Royal Staircase) is a flight of steps in the Vatican City and is part of the formal entrance to the Vatican. It was built by Antonio da Sangallo the Younger in the early 16th century to connect the Apostolic Palace to St.
 Ratra Aarambh (Devnagari: रात्र आरंभ) is a thriller Marathi movie directed by Ajay Phansekar released in India in 1999 starring Dilip Prabhavalkar as an old man suffering from split personality. This is the first Marathi movie on Paranoid SchizophreniaThe story revolves around the two worlds inhabited by Prabhakar Phadke / Vasudeo Balwant Thombre - Dilip Prabhavalkar - an ordinary senior citizen who is an avid reader of crime fiction.
 Crush.Fukk.Create: Requiem for Generation Armageddon is the first live DVD by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth.
 Lots More Blues Rags and Hollers is an album by the blues trio Koerner Ray & Glover released in 1964.
 Airlock or How To Say Goodbye In Space is a short British science fiction film.This film was nominated for the Shine Award at the Bradford International Film Festival 2008.
 Grooves is an American electronic music magazine founded in 1999 by editor Sean Portnoy initially concentrating on the then-burgeoning IDM music genre and expanding to its more experimental abstract offshoots such as microsound microhouse and glitch eventually encompassing a global view of musicians and cross-cultural influences that is reflected in coverage of jungle two-step avant rap broken beat and other offbeat new music.Early issues contained a vast range of full-length album and 12 single/EP reviews; later issues added new media release types including reviews of books and DVD-based documentary and music video film releases. 
 Hard Steel is a 1942 British drama film directed by Norman Walker and starring Wilfrid Lawson Betty Stockfeld and John Stuart. It was based on the novel Steel Saraband by Roger Dataller. The film was one of four made by G.H.W. Productions backed by the Rank Organisation. The film follows the rise of an ambitious steel worker as he is appointed to run his local steel mill.
 Ardor is the second album by Love Spirals Downwards an ethereal wave band on the US record label Projekt Records. It was originally released in 1994; a remastered version with extra tracks was released in 2007.
 Not Brand Echh was a satiric comic book series published by Marvel Comics that parodied its own superhero stories as well as those of other comics publishers. Running for 13 issues (Aug. 1967 to May 1969) it included among its contributors such notable writers and artists as Stan Lee Jack Kirby Gene Colan Bill Everett John and Marie Severin and Roy Thomas.
 Black Love is the fifth album by the band The Afghan Whigs released on 1996. It was released on the Elektra label and was produced by Greg Dulli.Prior to this album's release lead singer Greg Dulli seriously explored producing a movie in the film noir genre but despite his optioning at least one book in the end the movie was never made and Dulli's ideas for a sound track led to the songs recorded on this album.
 Brian Pettyjohn is an American politician and a member of the Delaware Senate. A Republican he has served in the Senate representing the 19th District since 2012.
 Żarnowa [ʐarˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżów within Strzyżów County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 1000.
 Southern Railway Depot in Piedmont Alabama is a station that served the Southern Railway from 1868. It was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on May 27 1983 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 5 1984.
 Cycle Psycho (also known as Savage Abduction) is a 1973 thriller written and directed by John Lawrence and distributed by Troma Entertainment. This was the last film appearance for Stafford Repp before his death a year later.
 Taagepera is a village in Helme Parish Valga County in southern Estonia. It has a population of 109 (as of 1 January 2011).Taagepera is famous for its Jugendstil castle.
 Acıkuyu is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Philadelphia Stock Exchange (PHLX) now known as NASDAQ OMX PHLX is the oldest stock exchange in the United States founded in 1790. It is now owned by NASDAQ OMX and located at 1900 Market Street in Center City Philadelphia.
 Pseudoharpax virescens virescens is one of the two subspecies of mantis in the species Pseudoharpax virescens.
 The Chestnut-bellied Euphonia (Euphonia pectoralis) is a species of bird in the Fringillidae family. It was formerly placed with the related Thraupidae. It is found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.The Black-throated Euphonia (Euphonia vittata) is now thought to be a hybrid between the Chestnut-bellied Euphonia and the Orange-bellied Euphonia.
 Chibidokuga is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 El Ayudante (English: The Helper) is a 1971 Argentine drama film directed and written by Mario David with Bernardo Kordon. The film premiered on 25 March 1971 in Buenos Aires.
 Taqi Kandi (Persian: تقي كندي‎ also Romanized as Taqī Kandī; also known as Mīāndraq) is a village in Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 18 families.
 April Lady is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer. It is in many respects a classic example of her work; light with some drama and delicately handled romance. Heyer writes from the perspective of two main characters throughout the book. The story is set in 1813.
 The Fabulous Impressions is an album by the American soul music group The Impressions. It includes a cover of the Gene McDaniels song One Hundred Pounds of Clay.
 Timo is a village in Veriora Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Symphony in Black: A Rhapsody of Negro Life is a nine-and-a-half minute musical short produced in 1935 that features Duke Ellington’s early extended piece A Rhapsody of Negro Life. The film Billie Holiday’s screen debut was directed by Fred Waller and distributed by Paramount Pictures.Symphony in Black represents a landmark in musical cultural and entertainment history as well as significant progress in Ellington’s own biography.
 Yevhen Shcherban (Ukrainian: Євген Олександрович Щербань January 18 1946 Kostiantynivka–November 3 1996 Donetsk) was a Ukrainian businessman and politician. As a member of the Liberal Party of Ukraine he was elected to the Verkhovna Rada from the Volnovakha electoral district in Donetsk Oblast. Became the most widely known for relating to the Shcherban Affair which is used as a political blackmail in Ukraine since 2003.
 Black Day Blue Night is an American crime/thriller film. Released in both 1995 and 1996.
 The naked-soled conyrat (Reithrodon typicus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found in grasslands in northern Argentina southern Brazil and Uruguay.
 Babilla is a studio album released by Puerto Rican singer Vico C. Babilla - 4:28 Pólvora - 4:03 Sentimiento (Feat. Arcángel) - 3:41 Se Escapa (Feat. Yaga & Mackie) - 5:25 Moriré - 4:21 Payasito (Feat. Wiso G) - 3:22 El Silencio Mata - 4:16 El Corazón Se Pone Bruto - 3:22 La Prueba de Farmacia (Feat. Gustavo Laureano) - 3:59 Por Eso Lloro - 3:47 Angelina (Feat. Ángel López) - 4:32 Aquí la Que Falló Fue Usted (Feat. Andy Montañez) - 3:57 Agua - 3:56
 Muryongsan is a mountain located in Buk District and Dong District Ulsan South Korea. It has an elevation of 452 m (1483 ft).
 Lon Po Po: A Red-Riding Hood Story from China is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Ed Young. Published in 1989 the book is a version of the Little Red Riding Hood fairy tale. Young won the 1990 Caldecott Medal for his illustrations.
 The River Gavenny (Welsh: Afon Gafenni) is a short river in Monmouthshire in south Wales. It rises 1 mile south-west of the village of Llanfihangel Crucorney from springs in Blaengavenny Wood and flows south for about 4 miles (6 km) to its confluence with the River Usk at Abergavenny.Abergavenny derives its English-language placename from the confluence 'aber' meaning 'mouth of' in the Welsh language.The diminutive Gavenny is now something of a misfit stream in its broad valley.
 Mr. Ego (Take Me Down) is a song and an EP made by the German power metal band Helloween taken from the album Master of the Rings. It is dedicated to former Helloween's singer Michael Kiske.It was released in some countries as Mr. Ego (Take Me Down). In Japan it was released as Where the Rain Grows.
 Brian Gosch is an American politician from the state of South Dakota. He is a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives and serves as the Speaker pro tempore.Gosch is from Aberdeen South Dakota. He graduated from the University of South Dakota in 1993 and then attended the University of South Dakota School of Law graduating in 1996. He was appointed to the South Dakota House by Governor Mike Rounds in 2007 succeeding Alan Hanks.
 The Church of the Resurrection is a historic Episcopal church and rectory in Richmond Hill Queens New York City. It was originally built in 1874 as a frame Gothic Revival style church. It was extensively remodeled and enlarged in 1904 in the Late Gothic / Tudor Revival style. It has an exterior of random quarry-faced stone and a prominent bell tower with spire. The church includes the Riis family memorial window donated in 1905 by Elizabeth Riis wife of Jacob Riis.
 The Christian Examiner was an American periodical published in the 19th century.Founded in 1813 as The Christian Disciple it was purchased in 1814 by Nathan Hale.
 The Firm of Girdlestone is a novel by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It was first published in 1890 by Chatto and Windus in London England. In 1915 a silent film adaptation The Firm of Girdlestone was made.
 The Kids Are Alright is a soundtrack album by British rock band The Who as a companion to the band's documentary film of the same name.It was originally released as a double album in June 1979 on Polydor Records in the UK and MCA Records in the US. The performance of My Wife was from a concert The Who filmed for The Kids Are Alright at the Gaumont State Cinema in Kilburn; however the footage was not used in the film.
 Aditya 369 (Telugu: ఆదిత్య 369) is a 1991 historical science fiction Telugu film directed by Veteran Singeetam Srinivasa Rao and produced by Anita Krishna. Nandamuri Balakrishna plays the lead role in the movie. The film's soundtrack was composed by Illayaraja. This movie was later dubbed in Tamil as Aboorva Sakthi 369. Aditya 369 collected 90 million rupees at the time a new record for the Telugu film industry.
 L'Enfant prodigue (France 1907) (The Prodigal Son) was the first feature-length motion picture produced in Europe running 90 minutes. Directed by Michel Carré fils from his own three-act stage pantomime the film was basically an unmodified record filmed at the Gaumont Film Company studios in May 1907.The film premiered at the Théâtre des Variétés on the Boulevard Montmartre in Paris on June 20 1907.Carré directed another film version of L'Enfant prodigue in 1916.
 Welcome Back is an upcoming Bollywood comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee and produced by Firoz Nadiadwala Co Producer : F M KHAN (Swiss Entertainment Pvt Ltd) It is a sequel to the 2007 comedy Welcome and features an ensemble cast that includes Nana Patekar and Anil Kapoor reprising their roles of Uday Shankar Shetty and Majnu Bhai respectively from the prequel along with Paresh Rawal while John Abraham and Shruti Haasan are new additions to the cast. The filming began in August 2013.
 Jediah Hill Covered Bridge is a registered historic structure near Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register on March 28 1973. The wooden covered bridge was built in 1850.
 Kazemabad (Persian: كاظم اباد‎ also Romanized as Kāz̧emābād) is a village in Astaneh Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 204 in 49 families.
 The Marchiazza is a 34 km long stream (torrente) of Piedmont in north-western Italy. It's a left side tributary of the Cervo which flows through the provinces of Biella and Vercelli.
 Razorlight is the self-titled second album by English indie rock band Razorlight. The album was released on 17 July 2006 in the United Kingdom and debuted at No. 1 in the UK Albums Chart a week later (see 2006 in British music).The band achieved their first No. 1 single from this album with America peaking at the top of the UK Singles Chart in October 2006. The song also peaked at No. 6 in Ireland No. 9 in the Netherlands No. 10 in New Zealand No. 17 in Austria No. 21 in Belgium No.
 Appooppan (also known as Charitram Aavarthikkunnilla before release) is a 1976 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by P. Bhaskaran starring Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair Jayabharathi Sumithra and Kamal Haasan.
 Plötzensee (German pronunciation: [ˈplœtsənzeː]) is a small glacial lake in Berlin. It is situated near the Rehberge public park in the former borough of Wedding now a part of Mitte. The name stems from Plötze one name for the roach in German as the lake formerly teemed with it.Plötzensee is part of a chain of lakes stretching from the northeast to the Spree valley formed in the last ice age. Until 1443 the nunnery of St.
 Radovesnice I is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 William Mayrant (March 8 1765 – January 23 1832) was a U.S. Representative from South Carolina.William Mayrant was elected in 1814 as a Democratic-Republican to the Fourteenth Congress and served until his resignation on October 21 1816 (March 4 1815-October 21 1816). He was elected to his first and only term as a member of the US House of Representatives from his home at Stateburg near what is now Sumter SC. He represented South Carolina's 9th congressional district.
 Hardball is a 2001 American dramedy film directed by Brian Robbins. It stars Keanu Reeves Diane Lane and D. B. Sweeney. The screenplay by John Gatins is based on the book Hardball: A Season in the Projects by Daniel Coyle. The original music score is composed by Mark Isham. The film is known in some parts of the U.S. as Little Sluggers.[citation needed]
 Sushil Kumar Modi (Hindi: सुशील कुमार मोदी) (born 5 January 1952) is an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party and was a former Deputy Chief Minister and Finance Minister of Bihar India. He is a lifelong member of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh. He was appointed the Chairman of the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers for the Implementation of Goods and Service Tax in July 2011.
 Oriel Chambers is the world's first building featuring a metal framed glass curtain wall. Designed by architect Peter Ellis and built in 1864 it is located on Water Street near the town hall in Liverpool England. Due to its outstanding importance it has been grade I listed.
 The Amazonian Pygmy Owl (Glaucidium hardyi) is an owl found in northern South America and northern Brazil in the center of the Amazon Basin and in Venezuela and the Guianas. In the southwest of the basin bordering the Andes cordillera the species is found in Peru and Bolivia. In the Guyanas the range is bifurcated as the species is not found in the middle country of Suriname.
 Flic Story is a French crime thriller released on October 1 1975 based on the autobiography of the same name written by French police detective Roger Borniche. Both film and book portray Borniche's nine-year pursuit of French gangster and murderer Emile Buisson who was executed on February 28 1956. Directed by Jacques Deray the film stars Alain Delon and Jean-Louis Trintignant as Borniche and Buisson respectively supported by Claudine Auger and André Pousse.
 The 108th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1 and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This date was January 8 1935 which was two weeks before the beginning of the seventh administrative year of Governor C. Douglass Buck and third administrative year of Roy F.
 Timothy L. Brooks (born July 17 1964) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas.
 PC Format is a computer magazine published in the United Kingdom by Future plc and licensed to other publishers in countries around the world. In publication since 1991 it is part of Future plc's Format series of magazines that include articles about games entertainment and how to get the most out of the platform. Despite the occasional mention of alternatives PC Format takes the term 'PC' to mean a Microsoft Windows-based computer.
 Pijanów [piˈjanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Słupia 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Końskie and 36 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 180.
 The Henegar Center is a historic U.S. building located at 625 East New Haven Avenue Melbourne Florida. Built in 1919 it is one of Brevard County’s oldest public buildings. On March 12 1963 the building received its name in honor of Ruth Henegar a long-time teacher and principal at the school that used the building at the time. The building now serves as The Henegar Center for the Arts.
 St Catherine's Church Over Alderley also known as St Catherine's Church Birtles stands in an isolated position in Birtles Lane near to Birtles Hall in the civil parish of Over Alderley Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It was originally a private chapel for the Hibbert family and is now a parish church. It is unusual in that its tower is octagonal. It contains furnishings and stained glass from Germany and the Netherlands.
 Gabrielle is a 2005 French film directed by Patrice Chéreau. It is a screen adaptation of Joseph Conrad's short story The Return.
 Polgara the Sorceress is a fantasy novel by David and Leigh Eddings and the twelfth in the setting of The Belgariad The Malloreon and Belgarath the Sorcerer. Like Belgarath it is presented as a first-person narrative recounting the life of the eponymous character Polgara framed by a prologue and epilogue in the third person placing it in context relative to the earlier stories.
 Robert Carl Bud McFarlane (born July 12 1937) was National Security Advisor to President Ronald Reagan serving from 1983 through 1985.After a career in the Marine Corps he became part of the Reagan administration and was a leading architect of the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI) for defending the United States against missile attack. Subsequently he was involved in the Iran-Contra affair.
 Professor Joseph Jao-yiu Sung SBS (Chinese: 沈祖堯; born 1959 Hong Kong) is the Vice-Chancellor of the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK).
 Branko Vukelić (9 March 1958 - 3 May 2013) was a Croatian politician and former Minister of Defence and member of the Croatian Democratic Union.Vukelić graduated from the University of Zagreb Faculty of Electrical Engineering in 1981. He was married with one child.
 The African carp (Labeo coubie) is a cyprinid fish widespread in Africa where it occurs within the drainage basin of the Nile (Blue White Lake Albert) and in the Chad Niger-Benue Volta Senegal and Gambia Rivers as well as the Cross River and Cameroon coastal rivers. Furthermore it is also known from East Africa and the middle reaches of the Congo. Records from the Zambezi drainage need confirmation.
 Mallu Swarajyam (born 1931) was an Indian politician from Communist Party of India and Freedom fighter. She was member of an armed dalam which took part in the Telangana struggle.
 The Carlton Hotel is a luxury hotel located in the Central Coast of California city Atascadero. Construction began in 1928 with the hotel officially opening its doors in 1929. After several decades of local popularity and notoriety by the early 1980s the hotel had fallen into deep disrepair.
 The Riverside Avenue Bridge is the only cast-iron bridge in Connecticut and one of a small number still in use in the United States. It carries Riverside Avenue over the New Haven Line railroad tracks in the Riverside section of Greenwich Connecticut. The bridge was part of an earlier span built in 1871 over the Housatonic River by the New York and New Haven Railroad and when that bridge was replaced part of it was erected in Riverside in 1895.
 The Common Kestrel (Falco tinnunculus) is a bird of prey species belonging to the kestrel group of the falcon family Falconidae. It is also known as the European Kestrel Eurasian Kestrel or Old World Kestrel. In Britain where no other kestrel species occurs it is generally just called the kestrel.This species occurs over a large range. It is widespread in Europe Asia and Africa as well as occasionally reaching the east coast of North America[citation needed].
 Sticks and Stones is an album by American pianist Dave Grusin with his brother Don Grusin. It was released in 1988 recorded for the GRP label. The album reached #14 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz chart.
 Charles Douglas Langford (December 9 1922 – February 11 2007) was an Alabama state senator who represented Rosa Parks in the famous civil rights case of the 1960s. Attorney Langford served in the Alabama Legislature as a State Representative District 77 Montgomery County from 1976 to 1983 and as a State Senator District 26 Montgomery County from 1983 to 2002. He was the sixth child of Nathan G. and Lucy Brown Langford. Mr.
 Michèle Angelique Flournoy (born December 14 1960) is the former Under Secretary of Defense for Policy the third-ranking official in the U.S. Department of Defense and in that role served as principal advisor to U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta from February 2009 to February 2012. When the U.S.
 Paju (Hangul: 파주; RR: Paju) is a 2009 South Korean film. It tells the tale of a teenage schoolgirl (Seo Woo) and her complex relationship to her older sister’s husband (Lee Sun-kyun). Set in the city where it takes its name from – a longtime military area and now a developing city located close to the North/South Korean border – its elegant and well-constructed narrative deals with guilt mystery love and redemption as well as the psychological layers of its characters.
 John Polk Cochran (February 7 1809 – December 27 1898) was an American farmer and politician from Middletown in New Castle County Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic Party who served as Governor of Delaware.
 Głuchów [ˈɡwuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiechów within Zielona Góra County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Trzebiechów and 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra.
 V.I.P is a 1997 Indian Tamil language film directed and co-written by Sabapthay. The film features Prabhu Deva Abbas Rambha and Simran in the lead roles while Rami Reddy Prakash Raj and Manivannan play other pivotal roles. Ranjit Barot composed the music while Arthur A. Wilson handled the cinematography. This film was opened in July 1997 to above average reviews and collections.
 Alphaville Amiga Compilation (1988) was released under the Amiga label only in former East Germany where Forever Young and Afternoons in Utopia weren't easily available. Two songs submitted for the compilation To Germany with Love and Summer in Berlin were rejected by the label for political reasons.
 The Australian ZX Users' Association (AZUA) was an Australian computer users' group established in 1981 to support users of the Sinclair ZX80 and Sinclair ZX81 computers. It closed in 1986 after producing thirty-nine issues of its magazine AZUA and the Australian Sinclair Gazette.AZUA was the idea of David Brudenall and David Vernon and they remained the editor and assistant editor respectively throughout the five years of its operation.
 Nauwakhor Prashahi is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3236 persons living in 625 individual households.
 The Dome Cinema Worthing West Sussex England is a grade II* listed building owned by the Worthing Dome & Regeneration Trust. Then trust leases parts of the building to three separate businesses; the Dome Cinema which has two screens and a Projectionist's Bar Alfresco Services who have two function rooms and the cafe at the front of the building and the Tourist Information Centre. It has closed for refurbishment several times most recently between December 2005 and July 2007.
 Daniel A. Ivey-Soto is an American politician and a Democratic member of the New Mexico Senate representing District 15 since January 15 2013.
 Trematolestes is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Lower Keuper (Ladinian Middle Triassic) of southern Germany. It was first named by Rainer R. Schoch in 2006 and the type species is Trematolestes hagdorni. It is the first trematosaurid represented by a nearly complete skeleton. Below is a cladogram showing the phylogenetic position of Trematolestes from Schoch (2006):
 Antonieta is a 1982 film by Spanish director Carlos Saura starring Isabelle Adjani and Hanna Schygulla. The film a Mexican-Spanish French co production was based on a novel by Andrés Henestrosa. The plot centers on the life of Antonieta Rivas Mercado a Mexican writer who killed herself inside Paris' Notre Dame in 1931.
 Motivation Radio is the third studio album by British progressive rock musician Steve Hillage. It was recorded primarily in California and was produced and engineered by Malcolm Cecil of TONTO's Expanding Headband.
 The Brotherhood III: Young Demons is the third of the Brotherhood series of homoerotic horror films that started with The Brotherhood directed by David DeCoteau and was released in 2003.
 Romantico the fourth studio album from the Filipino rock band Kamikazee. It has 14 tracks and released under Universal Records in March 2012 and released on ITunes on April 12 2012. An 8-track promotional CD was released on 14 of October 2011.
 Mariano Fernández Bermejo (born 1948) is a Spanish jurist and politician who served as justice minister of Spain from 2007 to 2009.
 The Pfaffenstein formerly called the Jungfernstein is a low table mountain 434.6 m (1426 ft) above sea level in the Elbe Sandstone Mountains in Saxony.
 The Babeș River is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania.
 Ring of Changes is the twelfth studio album by British rock band Barclay James Harvest released in 1983.
 The Egg and I is a 1947 American romantic comedy film directed by Chester Erskine who co-wrote the screenplay with Fred F.
 V. is the debut novel of Thomas Pynchon published in 1963. It describes the exploits of a discharged U.S. Navy sailor named Benny Profane his reconnection in New York with a group of pseudo-bohemian artists and hangers-on known as the Whole Sick Crew and the quest of an aging traveller named Herbert Stencil to identify and locate the mysterious entity he knows only as V. It was nominated for a National Book Award.
 Questo pazzo pazzo mondo della canzone is a 1965 Italian musicarello film directed and written by Bruno Corbucci and Giovanni Grimaldi.
 Alessandro Dudan (January 29 1883 – March 31 1957) was a Dalmatian politician and an Italian senator. As a member of the Autonomist Party he rejected the unification of Dalmatia with the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia.
 Tunnicliff-Jordan House is a historic home located at Richfield Springs in Otsego County New York. The house consists of three blocks. The main block was built between 1810 and 1835 and is a 2-story four-bay square plan building with a hipped roof. A 1 1⁄2-story gable-roofed frame ell dated between 1830 and 1850 extends from the rear. A narrow single-story lean-to originally added to the ell about 1850 was remodeled for residential use about 1939.
 Tibor Füzessy (born 14 September 1928) is a Hungarian politician and jurist who served as Minister of Civilian Intelligence Services of Hungary between 1992 and 1994.
 Haworthia is a genus of small succulent plants endemic to Southern Africa. Like the Aloes they are members of the subfamily Asphodeloideae and they generally resemble miniature aloes except in their flowers which are characteristic in appearance. Horticulturally they are popular garden and container plants.
 Barsaat Ki Raat (Hindi: बरसात की रात; Translated: 'A Rainy Night') is a 1960 Bollywood film starring Bharat Bhushan Madhubala Shyama Mumtaz Begum and K.N. Singh. It was directed by P. L. Santoshi. Although Madhubala gets top billing the main character is played by Shyama.This film was released in black-and-white and is widely considered to be a classic. The film became particularly popular for its qawwali songs and was one of the biggest hits at the box-office in 1960.
 BxB Brothers (BxBブラザーズ BxB Burazāzu) is a Japanese manga series by manga author Ayane Ukyō.
 Echo Passage is a collaborative album by ambient musicians Alio Die (Stefano Musso) and Vidna Obmana (Dirk Serries). The album was originally released in 1999 on the Italian label Musica Maxima Magnetica and was reissued on Projekt Records in 2006.
 Don Winslow of the Coast Guard (1943) is a Universal Pictures film serial based on the comic strip by Frank V. Martinbek.
 Kent M. Williams is a Democratic member of the South Carolina Senate representing the 30th District since 2004.
 Casper and Abraham Shafer Grist Mill Complex is located in Stillwater Township Sussex County New Jersey United States. The mill was built in 1764 and rebuilt after an 1844 fire and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 10 2009.
 Abu ol Kheyr (Persian: ابوالخير‎ also Romanized as Abū ol Kheyr) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 48 families.
 The Net (German: Das Netz) is a 1975 West German drama film directed by Manfred Purzer and starring Heinz Bennent.
 The Harcuvar Mountains are a narrow mountain range in western-central Arizona USA.
 Aïda Mbodj is a Senegalese politician a Deputy and a Cabinet Minister as well as Vice-President of the National Assembly of Senegal.
 Male Pijace (in Serbian Cyrillic: Мале Пијаце in Hungarian: Kispiac) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Kanjiža municipality in the North Banat District Vojvodina province. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority(96.37%) and its population numbering 1988 people (2002 census).
 The Eastern Tepuis (Spanish: Tepuyes Orientales) also known as the Roraima–Ilú range is a mountain chain stretching for some 60 kilometres (37 mi) along the border between Guyana Venezuela and to a lesser extent Brazil. It runs in a northwesterly direction from the tripoint of these countries closely following the Guyana–Venezuela border with a single major peak (Uei-tepui) to the south on the Brazil–Venezuela border.
 The Sedona Ranger Station was built by the U.S. Forest Service in Sedona Arizona in 1917 to administer the Red Rock Ranger District of Coconino National Forest. The ranger station complex includes a residence a barn and a pump house. The house is a wood frame single story bungalow-style building on a sandstone foundation.In the 1935 the Civilian Conservation Corps built the barn and pumphouse.
 Orveh-ye Sofla (Persian: عروه سفلي‎ also Romanized as ‘Orveh-ye Soflá) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 13 families.
 '98 Live Meltdown is a concert album by Judas Priest recorded and released in 1998 and is the first live album to feature new lead singer Tim Ripper Owens recorded during the Jugulator Tour. A second live album featuring Owens Live in London was released in 2003.
 Farsighted for Two Diopters (Bulgarian: Два Диоптъра Далекогледство / Dva Dioptara Dalekogledstvo) is a 1976 Bulgarian comedy film directed by Petar B. Vasilev and written by Mormarevi Brothers. The film stars Georgi Partsalev Dimitar Panov Sashka Bratanova Ivan Obretenov and Valentin Gadzhokov.The film represents the clash between the generations in the person of the conservative father Dimo Manchev (Partsalev) and his daughter (Bratanova).
 Perret's Night Frog or Astylosternus perreti is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.It is endemic to Cameroon.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss. It is also known to be one of only three species of African frogs to have claws used on demand when it feels threatened.
 The Lincoln Library of Essential Information also called The New Lincoln Library Encyclopedia is an abridged encyclopedia. The encyclopedia is named after Abraham Lincoln whose inspiring example demonstrated the possibilities of self education.The 44th edition ISBN 978-0-912168-22-7 published in January 2011 containing 2100 pages is the latest edition.
 Akna Montes are a mountain range on Venus centered at 68.9°N 318.2°E and stretching 830 km long.The Akna range is a north-south trending ridge belt that forms the western border of the elevated smooth plateau of Lakshmi Planum. The Lakshmi plateau plains are formed by extensive volcanic eruptions and are bounded by mountain chains on all sides. The plains appear to be deformed near the mountains. This suggests that some of the mountain building activity occurred after the plains formed.
 Agelastes is a small genus of birds in the guineafowl family. It comprises two species: White-breasted Guineafowl Agelastes meleagrides Black Guineafowl Agelastes niger↑
 Appare Jipangu! (天晴じぱんぐ！) is a manga by Yuu Watase. Set in Japan during the Edo period it follows the life of Yusura who as a baby was found under a cherry tree with the Kongoumaru (a staff that turns blue when people are sad) by her side.
 William Hopkinson Cox (October 22 1856 – October 13 1950) was an American politician who served as the 30th Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky from 1907 to 1911 under Governor Augustus E. Willson.
 Khadem Kandi (Persian: خادم كندي‎ also Romanized as Khādem Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 32 families.
 Old St. Nicholas Church in Javorani is Serbian Orthodox church in Bosnia. The church is dedicated to St. Nicholas.
 Clutch of Constables is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-fifth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn and was first published in 1968. The plot concerns art forgery and takes place on a cruise on a fictional river in the Norfolk Broads; the Constable referred to in the title is John Constable whose works are mentioned by several characters.
 The Blue-winged Mountain Tanager (Anisognathus somptuosus) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae the tanagers. It is native to South America where it is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela. It is a common species and its populations appear to be stable.
 The Mystery of Alexina (French: Le Mystère Alexina) is a 1985 French drama film directed by René Féret. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Lakeport Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library located near the shore of Clear Lake in Lakeport California.Completed in 1918 in the Classical Revival type of architecture it had been given a $8000 grant for its construction after local organizations like the Ladies' Improvement Club lobbied philanthropist Andrew Carnegie. The plans were drawn by Ward and Blohme and it was built by Hinds and Randolph. By December 1920 there were 4793 books in the library.
 Ursule (Serbian Cyrillic: Урсуле) is a village in Šumadija and Western Serbia (Šumadija) in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač) lying at 43°52′34″N 21°08′01″E at the elevation of 215 m. According to the 2002 census the village had 400 citizens.
 Tchórzno [ˈtxuʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcińsko-Zdrój within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Trzcińsko-Zdrój 40 km (25 mi) south-east of Gryfino and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Breathe In is the second studio album (though the first to be released) by the British pop singer-songwriter Lucie Silvas released by Mercury Records on 11 October 2004 in the United Kingdom. It was released in the Netherlands on 29 March 2005 and worldwide in April 2006.The majority of the album was co-written by Silvas with Judie Tzuke whom Silvas had previously been a backing singer for.
 Dipogon bifasciatus is a spider wasp from the family Pompilidae.
 The Pârâul lui Pal is a tributary of the Gereb River in Romania.
 The Măgaru River is a tributary of the Șendroaia River in Romania.
 Sundagrapha is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Santa Teresa Mountains are located in western Graham County Arizona within the Coronado National Forest and within the Santa Teresa Wilderness.
 De Swaen is a former restaurant located in Oisterwijk Netherlands. The fine dining restaurant under the leadership of head chef Cas Spijkers was awarded one or more Michelin stars. In the period 1984-1991 it was awarded 2 Michelin stars. The restaurant was awarded one star in the periods 1981-1983 1992-1998 and 2002-2003.
 Ehengah (Persian: اهنگاه‎ also Romanized as Ehengāh) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Grosvenor House is a hotel in the Mayfair area of London. The hotel is owned by the Sahara Group. and the name has also been licensed to a property in Dubai.The Grosvenor House Hotel was built in the 1920s and opened in 1929 on the site of Grosvenor House the former London residence of the Dukes of Westminster whose family name is Grosvenor. The hotel owed its existence to Albert Octavius Edwards who conceived and built it then presided over it as chairman for 10 years.
 The Humberg is a mountain in the south of Kaiserslautern Germany that stands on the border of the Palatinate forest. With a height of 425 meters it is the highest point in the area of Kaiserslautern. At its peak the Humberg Tower (German: Humbergturm) provides a dramatic view of the area below.
 Ricardo Paras (February 17 1891 - October 10 1984) was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from April 2 1951 until February 17 1961.
 May Martin Van Wye (born c. 1879 died August 26 1968) was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives and the Ohio Senate. She was one of the first six women elected into the Ohio General Assembly in 1922. In 1962 she published her first novel Eve's Tower which is loosely based on her experiences as a female state senator.
 Wierzbica Górna [vjɛʐˈbit͡sa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn within Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Wołczyn 18 km (11 mi) west of Kluczbork and 41 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 1141.
 El Mosquito was an independent weekly satire newspaper published in Buenos Aires Argentina. It was the first political humor newspaper in Argentina.
 Lake Mathews is a large reservoir in Riverside County California located in the Cajalco Valley in the foothills of the Temescal Mountains. It is the western terminus for the Colorado River Aqueduct that provides much of the water used by the cities and water districts of the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California. The reservoir is fenced and closed to all public access.
 Zielęcin [ʑɛˈlɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnia within Pajęczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Rząśnia 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Pajęczno and 68 km (42 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 500.
 Pinheiro's Slender Opossum Marmosops pinheiroi is an opossum species from South America. It is found in Brazil French Guyana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.
 Critters 3 is the third installment of the Critters series directed by Kristine Peterson and is also Leonardo DiCaprio's film debut. Actor Cary Elwes mentioned on the commentary for the uncut edition DVD of Saw that he passed on the role of Josh. It was shot back-to-back with its sequel Critters 4. Unlike the first two films it does not take place in the town of Grover's Bend.
 The Valea Crișului River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. Its source is located at the junction of headwaters: Pârâul Mare and Pârâul Mijlociu
 Il Segreto delle tre punte is a 1952 Italian film.
 Rock Haven is a 2007 gay Christian-themed movie directed by David Lewis and starring Sean Hoagland Owen Alabado Laura Jane Coles and Katheryn Hecht. The film was shot on location in San Francisco and Bodega Bay. The movie is slowly paced with numerous shots of the Northern California seascape.
 Sailor Moon R: The Movie is the first of three theatrically released Sailor Moon films. Its full name in Japanese Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon R The Movie (劇場版 美少女戦士セーラームーンＲ Gekijōban Bishōjo Senshi Sērā Mūn Āru) became Sailor Moon R the Movie: The Promise of the Rose in the English-language dub. The film debuted in Japanese theaters on December 5 1993 and Pioneer Entertainment released it in the United States on February 8 2000.
 Ron Lemieux MLA (born August 15 1950 in Dauphin Manitoba) is a Canadian politician who has been an elected member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba since 1999 and a former professional ice hockey player.Ron was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman drafted by the Pittsburgh Penguins in the ninth round (#110). Ron started with the Dauphin Kings of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League helping the Kings to the Manitoba championship in 1971-72.
 Hans Ulrich von Eggenberg (1568 – 18 October 1634) was an Austrian statesman a son of Seyfried von Eggenberg Lord of Erbersdorf (1526-1594) and great-grandson of Balthasar Eggenberger (died 1493) of the House of Eggenberg.
 Manifest! is the debut album from American band Friends released in June 2012 on the Fat Possum label in the United States and on the Lucky Number label in Europe.
 Brykill Farms originally just Brykill is a family-owned organic grass-fed beef ranch located on Bruynswick Road (Ulster County Route 7) in Gardiner New York United States. Formerly a country estate its 180 acres (73 ha) have a panoramic view of the Shawangunks to the west.First built as a small settler's home in 1724 and used as a court during the mid-19th century it was expanded considerably in 1927 in a sympathetic style and material.
 All Under the Moon (月はどっちに出ている Tsuki wa Dotchi ni Dete Iru) is a 1993 Japanese film directed by Yoichi Sai.
 The Augusta Sledge House also known as the Morrisette-Tunstall-Sledge House was a historic plantation house and historic district near Newbern Alabama USA. The main house was built in 1855 and is an example of the cottage orné style which was at the height of its popularity in the mid-19th century. The property is included in the Plantation Houses of the Alabama Canebrake and Their Associated Outbuildings Multiple Property Submission.
 The Hemioniscidae are a family of marine isopod crustaceans in the suborder Cymothoida. The original description was made by Bonnier in 1900.
 I Heard the Owl Call My Name is a best-selling 1960s book by Margaret Craven. The book tells the story of a young Anglican vicar named Mark Brian who has not long to live and also who learns about the meaning of life when he is to be sent to a First Nations parish in British Columbia.
 Sylvester Commercial Historic District is a historic District in Sylvester Georgia that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1987. It includes the Worth County Local Building which is separately NRHP-listed. Its boundaries were increased in 2002 to include some federally owned property.
 Cirrhinus rubirostris is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cirrhinus.
 The Sacred Land is the third book in the Hellenic Traders series by H N Turteltaub. Like the others in the series it is a work of historical fiction concerning the adventures of a pair of Greek traders from Rhodes.
 Dodurga is a village in the District of Mudurnu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 129 people.
 Singin'... is a 1977 album release by Melissa Manchester on Arista Records. This was Manchester's sixth album and fourth and final collaboration with producer Vini Poncia who had produced her 1975 commercial breakthrough Melissa.
 İpekköy is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 The Sărăcinul Mare River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 End of the Century is the fifth studio album by the American punk rock band the Ramones released on February 4 1980 through Sire Records. The album was the band's first to be produced by Phil Spector though he had offered the band his assistance earlier in their career. With Spector fully producing the album it was the first release to exclude original member Tommy Ramone who left the band due to poor record sales.
 The Fan Darya is a river in Ayni District of Sughd Province Tajikistan. The Fan Darya is 24 kilometres (15 mi) long and the area of its drainage basin is 3230 square kilometres (1250 sq mi). It is a major left tributary of the Zeravshan River.The Fan Darya is formed in the village of Zarafshan between the Zarafshan and Gissar Ranges from the Yaghnob River which flows west from the Yaghnob Valley and the Iskander Darya River which has its source in Lake Iskanderkul and flows east.
 Temple Emanuel on Pearl Street in Denver Colorado is a building that was built in 1898–1899 and expanded in 1924. In 1957 the synagogue was sold to First Southern Baptist Church and then LovingWay Pentecostal Church in 1977. In 1986 the building was acquired by the city of Denver because of a foreclosure process. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The temple is located in Denver's North Capitol Hill neighborhood.
 Casey at the Bat is a 1927 silent film starring Wallace Beery and featuring Ford Sterling Zasu Pitts and Sterling Holloway. The film was directed by Monte Brice and loosely based on the baseball poem Casey at the Bat written by Ernest Thayer. Surviving period advertisements indicates Eddie Sutherland may have been slated as director before Brice.A copy is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Dizaj-e Mir Homay (Persian: ديزج ميرهماي‎ also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Mīr Homāy; also known as Homāyābād and Homāy) is a village in Razliq Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 5 families.
 James Wilfred Snow (July 12 1929 – September 13 2008) was a politician in Ontario Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1967 to 1985 and was a cabinet minister in the governments of William Davis and Frank Miller. Snow was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.
 Provanna laevis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Provannidae.
 Henry Sewell (7 September 1807 – 14 May 1879) was a prominent 19th-century New Zealand politician. He was a notable campaigner for New Zealand self-government and is generally regarded as having been the country's first Premier having led the Sewell Ministry in 1856.
 Latrodectus hesperus the western black widow spider or western widow is a venomous spider species found in western regions of North America. The female's body is 14–16 mm (1/2 in) in length and is black often with an hourglass-shaped red mark on the lower abdomen. This hourglass mark can be yellow and on rare occasions white. The male of the species is around half this length and generally a tan color with lighter striping on the abdomen.
 Miguel d’Escoto Brockmann born in Los Angeles USA on February 5 1933 is a Nicaraguan diplomat politician and suspended Catholic priest of the Maryknoll congregation of priests. He was recently nominated as Libyan Representative to the UN a request which is currently pending. As the President of the United Nations General Assembly from September 2008 to September 2009 he presided over the 63rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly.
 Parkview Christian Church is a non-denominational evangelical Christian megachurch located in Orland Park IL a suburb of Chicago. Outreach Magazine rated Parkview as one of the 100 fastest growing churches in America for two years in a row. During the Christmas Eve services in 2012 Parkview reached a record 18000 attendees. Since then they have grown to average 7000 people in attendance between its 2 campuses each week.
 The settlement of Fort Maurepas or Old Biloxiin colonial French Louisiana (New France) began in April 1699 along the Gulf of Mexico (at present-day Ocean Springs MS).Fort Maurepas was the capital of Louisiana (in New France) in 1719 when the capital was being moved from Mobile (in present-day Alabama) while government buildings at New Orleans were still under construction.The fort had been completed on May 1 1699 under direction of French explorer Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville who soon sailed for France on May 4. 
 The Aroser Rothorn is the highest mountain of the Plessur Alps. It is located between Arosa and Lenzerheide in the canton of Graubünden and culminated at an altitude of 2980 metres above sea level. The summit lies near the Parpaner Rothorn which is served by a cable car.
 Ring of Bright Water is a British feature film starring Bill Travers and Virginia McKenna. It is a story about a Londoner and his pet otter living on the Scottish coast. The story is fictional but is adapted from the 1960 autobiographical book of the same name by Gavin Maxwell. It featured the stars of Born Free another movie about a close relationship between humans and a wild animal. The film has been released to VHS (1981) and to DVD (2002).
 Chinna Thayee is a 1992 Tamil drama film directed by S. Ganesaraj. The film features Vignesh and Padmashri in lead roles. The film produced by M. Vedha had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 1 February 1992.
 10 Neurotics is the tenth studio album by the Darkwave/ Dark Cabaret band Black Tape for a Blue Girl. It was released September 22 2009 by Projekt Records in America and September 25 2009 by Trisol Records in Germany.Sam Rosenthal is joined by an all new band: Brian Viglione (The Dresden Dolls & World/Inferno Friendship Society) plus vocalists Athan Maroulis (Spahn Ranch) Laurie Reade (Attrition) and Nicki Jaine.
 The Hartland River is a perennial river of the East Gippsland catchment located in the Australian state of Victoria.
 Anne L. Wexler (February 10 1930 – August 7 2009) was an American influential Democratic political consultant public policy advisor and later the first woman to head a leading lobbying firm in Washington.
 The Rojdaș River is a tributary of the Topliţa River in Romania.
 Stand and Fight is the third album by British band Northern Uproar and the first after their reunion in 2005. It was released in 2007.
 Already Dead is a 2005 pulp-noir / horror novel by Charlie Huston and published in 2005. This is the first of the Joe Pitt Casebooks.
 The Patty Patty Sound is the second release by The Beta Band released in 1998. Despite being almost 40mins long and originally being released on 2 x 12 records the release is still considered an E.P. by both the band and the press. All the tracks from the EP were later included on the compilation The Three E.P.'s along with Champion Versions and Los Amigos del Beta Bandidos.
 The Greendale Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located near the intersection of Interstates 290 and 190 in Worcester Massachusetts. The complex has traditionally had two anchor stores located at the northern and southern entrances. An expansion in the late-1990s added a third anchor store near the mall's center entrance. Best Buy TJ Maxx and Big Lots occupy the anchor positions. Lechmere used to have a store in the space now partially occupied by Best Buy but closed in 1997.
 The Jakama Hairstreak (Chrysozephyrus jakamensis) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Creativity is a website formerly a monthly magazine covering all things creative in advertising and design. The magazine launched in 1986 provides a showcase of the best ideas across all areas of consumer culture an exploration of the talent and techniques behind the work and insight on the people and the trends shaping brand creativity.Creativity covers the creative process from concept through execution.
 Thala secalina is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Abiadisaurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian.
 Glorious Youth is a 1929 British silent drama film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Anny Ondra Randle Ayrton and William Freshman. It is also known by the alternative title of Eileen of the Trees. It was one of two films Cutts made with the Czech actress Anny Ondra. The film is based on the novel Eileen of the Trees by Henry De Vere Stacpoole and was made at Elstree Studios.
 Sexy Battle Girls (狙われた学園、制服を襲う Nerawareta gakuen: seifuku o osou) AKA Target Campus: Attack the Uniform is a Japanese Pink film directed by Mototsugu Watanabe and starring Kyōko Hashimoto Hotaru Yukijiro and Yutaka Ikejima. The film was released in Japan in June 1986. The film first appeared in the United States as Sexy Battle Girls at the San Francisco Independent film festival on February 14 2009. The film was released on DVD in the United States on February 23 2009.
 The Bartlett Building (previously known as the Union Trust Building) is a historic building in downtown Cincinnati Ohio located at 4th & Walnut Street. The 18-story tower was the tallest building in the state for 3 years. As of June 21 2010 the building's power was disconnected and is vacant.The Union Trust Building was dedicated January 1 1901. In 1985 the skyscraper was renamed for its new owners The Bartlett Company. The company sold the building in 2006.
 The Anita Willets Burnham Log House located at 1140 Willow Rd. in the Crow Island Woods of Winnetka Illinois United States was the home and studio of artist and author Anita Willets-Burnham. The log cabin was built in 1836 on a farmstead in south central Winnetka. In 1917 Willets-Burnham purchased the house and moved it to 1401 Tower Road in northwest Winnetka; she placed an addition on the home in the same year.
 The Best of Benny Hill is a 1974 film spinoff from the television comedy series The Benny Hill Show. This movie features sketches from the early Thames Television years from 1969-1973.
 Jayne Mansfield's Pink Palace was a mansion built by the actress as a pink landmark.
 They Were Born to Kill is a bootleg EP released by American punk rock band The Offspring in 1991. It features early versions of Jennifer Lost The War and Out on Patrol the first and third song on the band's debut and self-titled album – The Offspring – which was released two years earlier. Both songs were taken from the Side B of the 1988's Tehran demo tape.
 Bakir Izetbegović (born 28 June 1956) is a Bosnian politician. Izetbegović is a member of the Party of Democratic Action and son of the late Bosnian president Alija Izetbegović. In 2010 he was elected to be the Bosniak member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Buddha and His Dhamma a treatise on Lord Buddha's life and Buddhism was the last work of Indian statesman and scholar B. R. Ambedkar. The book is treated as a holy text by Indian Buddhists.
 Qarah Gonbad-e Sofla (Persian: قره گنبدسفلي‎ also Romanized as Qarah Gonbad-e Soflá) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 8 families.
 Behind The Player: Fieldy is an Interactive Music Video featuring Korn bassist Fieldy. Released on November 1 2008 by IMV the DVD features Fieldy giving in-depth bass lessons for how to play Got The Life and Freak on a Leash by Korn and an intimate behind-the scenes look at his life as a professional musician including rare photos and video.
 Wolfgang Zeidler (2 September 1924 – 31 December 1987) was a German legal scholar and judge. He served as the 5th president of the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany from 1983 to 1987. Zeidler also served as president of the British-German-Jurists' Association.
 Face of a Hero is a novel written by American writer Louis Falstein and published in 1950. Though out of print for a long time interest in this narrative dealing with the war experience of a B-24 tail gunner in Southern Europe during W.W.II was rekindled when it was suggested that it inspired Joseph Heller while writing his well-known war novel Catch-22.
 Marconi Ferreira Perillo Júnior (born in Goiânia March 7 1963) is a Brazilian politician affiliate to the Partido da Social Democracia Brasileira (PSDB). He is the current governor of the state of Goiás and he is on his third mandate (1999–2002; 2003–2006; 2011–).
 Sunwah Center is a high-rise building in Ho Chi Minh city Vietnam. It is located on Nguyen Hue street. The building comprises 21 floors and 3 basements used for parking. There are 6 elevators used for customers and 1 elevator for service purpose only. The building opened in 1995 and was the tallest building in Vietnam for that year with 92 meters until it was surpassed by Saigon Centre with 106 meters.[citation needed]
 Geogepa striatula is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Vietnam.The wingspan is 23 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cinnamon cream suffused and strigulated with brownish cinnamon and with brown along the basal part of the costa. The hindwings are brownish grey but creamier towards the base with brownish grey strigulation.
 The Red Rider (1934) is a Universal movie serial based on the story The Redhead from Sun Dog by W. C. Tuttle. It is a remake of the 1931 John Wayne movie Range Feud.
 Nuttby Mountain is a Canadian peak in the Cobequid Mountains and the highest elevation point on the mainland portion of Nova Scotia.Located west of Route 311 north of Truro the peak is accessible by vehicle using a gated road and is topped by telecommunication towers and a forest fire surveillance tower. A 2007 proposal details plans to install over 20 wind turbines along the peak.
 Kicked out of hell is the second album of the Welsh psychobilly band Demented Are Go. As the debut-album it is released on the ID Records label. It's the first record to feature Lex Luther on guitar and Graeme Grant on bass. As on their previous record the band did a cover-version of a classic Rock'n'Roll song with some lyrical adaptations.
 Yoshihara Shigetoshi (吉原重俊 May 15 1845-December 19 1887) was a Japanese diplomat and first Governor of the Bank of Japan (BOJ).
 Dolphins are cetacean mammals closely related to whales and porpoises. There are almost forty species of dolphin in 17 genera. They vary in size from 1.2 m (4 ft) and 40 kg (90 lb) (Maui's dolphin) up to 9.5 m (30 ft) and 10 tonnes (9.8 long tons; 11 short tons) (the orca or killer whale). They are found worldwide mostly in the shallower seas of the continental shelves and are carnivores eating mostly fish and squid.
 Etheostoma vulneratum the wounded darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States.
 Darreh Pahn (Persian: دره پهن‎) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 19 families.
 East Fork Rio Chama is a tributary of the Rio Chama in southern Colorado. The stream flows south from Dipping Lakes near the continental divide in Conejos County Colorado to a confluence with the West Fork Rio Chama in Archuleta County Colorado that forms the Rio Chama.
 James Jimmy Miller (23 March 1942 - 22 October 1994) was a Brooklyn New York-born record producer and musician who produced dozens of albums between the mid-1960s and early 1990s including landmark recordings for Blind Faith Traffic the Plasmatics Motörhead The World Bank and Primal Scream.
 Dušan Simović (Serbian: Душан Симовић; 28 October 1882 – 26 August 1962) was a Serbian general who served as Chief of the General Staff of the Royal Yugoslav Army and as the Prime Minister of Yugoslavia.
 Five Guns West is a 1955 Western film set during the American Civil War directed by Roger Corman. It was Corman's first film as director although he had already made two as producer.R. Wright Campbell was paid $200 to write the script. It was shot over nine days.
 The Smelt or European smelt (Osmerus eperlanus) is a species of fish in the Osmeridae family.
 Darmaran-e Olya (Persian: درمران عليا‎ also Romanized as Darmarān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 14 families.
 Code Orange is a young adult novel by Caroline B. Cooney. The novel won a National Science Teachers Association recommendation.
 Edward Cohen AKA (Eddie Cohen The Great) (born China 1822 - died 13 April 1877) was a Chinese merchant and a Victoria State politician. He served as Mayor of Melbourne from 1862 to 1863.
 Meydan is a village in the District of Kurucaşile Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 251 people.
 Last Time Around is the third and final album by folk rock band Buffalo Springfield. Released 1968 it featured Neil Young Stephen Stills Richie Furay Dewey Martin Bruce Palmer and Jim Messina who also worked as producer and a recording engineer.
 Chah-e Shahdoost Nosratabad (Persian: چاه شه‌دوست ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 7 families.
 The Jefferson Avenue–Huron River and Harbin Drive–Silver Creek Canal Bridges are two separate bridges sharing a continuous railing that were jointly listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 10 2000.The Jefferson Avenue Bridge carries West Jefferson Avenue (known south of the river as the U.S. Turnpike) across the Huron River which connects Brownstown Charter Township in Wayne County to Berlin Charter Township in Monroe County.
 Steal Moon is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Makoto Tateno. The manga is published in Japan by Nihonbungeisha and in Taiwan by Ever Glory Publishing.The manga is licensed for an English-language released in North America be Digital Manga Publishing.
 Ectopleura is a genus of hydrozoans in the family Tubulariidae.
 Dehigastenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Slaughter is a 1972 Blaxploitation film which was released during the early 1970s Blaxploitation film era. It was directed by Jack Starrett and it stars Jim Brown as a black Vietnam Veteran and former Green Beret captain who is referred to only by his last name Slaughter. He seeks revenge for the murder of his parents by the mafia which his father had ties to. This film was followed by a sequel the following year Slaughter's Big Rip-Off (1973).
 Gowd-e Sorkh (Persian: گودسرخ‎ also Romanized as Gowd Sorkh) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 7 families.
 Asad Umar (Urdu: اسد عمر ‎)(born 1961) is a Pakistani lawmaker and former business administrator . He served as CEO and President of Engro Corporation for 8 years during a 27-year career with the company. He resigned from his post at Engro and Joined Imran Khan led political party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf on April 2012. He received Sitara-i-Imtiaz for his business achievements in 2010.
 Reutibach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Now Hear This is the second and final studio album by hard rock band Howe II released in 1991 through Shrapnel Records.
 Opostega orophoxantha is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921. It is known from Umtali Zimbabwe.
 Oncis stuxbergi is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Mount Calvary Church is a Roman Catholic Anglican Use parish located in the Seton Hill neighborhood of Baltimore Maryland. The church was founded in 1842 as part of the Episcopal Church and is now a community within the Personal Ordinariate of the Chair of St. Peter.
 Bernardo Glacier is one of the largest glaciers in the Southern Patagonian Ice Field.[citation needed] It is located northeast of Témpano Glacier within Bernardo O'Higgins National Park in Chile. The glacier flows westward Bernardo Fjord.
 Kalinowo [kaliˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Giżycko and 81 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 100.
 Drożęcin-Lubiejewo [drɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin lubjɛˈjɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Oh Wicked Wanda! was a British full-color satirical adult comic strip written by Frederic Mullally and drawn by Ron Embleton. The strip regularly appeared in Penthouse magazine from 1973 to 1980. In the 1960s Ron Embleton already a veteran comic book artist had worked extensively for TV Century 21 comic illustrating stories based on the television programmes Stingray Thunderbirds and Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons amongst others.
 Volga-Volga (Russian: Волга-Волга) is a Soviet film comedy directed by Grigori Aleksandrov released on April 24 1938. It centres around a group of amateur performers on their way to Moscow to perform in a talent contest called the Moscow Musical Olympiad. Most of the action takes place on a steamboat travelling on the Volga River.
 Manila is an independently produced twinbill film that pays homage to Lino Brocka's Jaguar and Ishmael Bernal's Manila By Night. Piolo Pascual co-produced and starred in both episodes.
 Mount Pleasant Methodist Church is historic church in Waldron Arkansas.It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 Love & Basketball is a 2000 American romantic drama film starring Omar Epps and Sanaa Lathan. The film tells the story of Quincy McCall (Epps) and Monica Wright (Lathan) two next-door neighbors in Los Angeles California who are pursuing their basketball careers before eventually falling for each other. The film was produced by 40 Acres and a Mule Filmworks and marks the directing debut of screenwriter Gina Prince-Bythewood.
 Ricky Martin is the fifth album by the Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin released on Columbia Records on May 11 1999. The album is one of the best selling albums of all time and has sold 22 million copies worldwide.This album is Martin's third which marketed in the United States and is his first album in English. Ricky Martin includes singer’s first US number one hit Livin' la Vida Loca.
 Babin [ˈbabʲin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Bełżyce and 22 km (14 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin. The village has a population of 830.A large skirmish took place near the village during the November Uprising (17 April 1831).
 Stanisławów Nowy [staniˈswavuf ˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Lutomiersk 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 19 km (12 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Just One of the Guys is a 1985 comedy film directed by Lisa Gottlieb. The film is marketed with the tagline Terry Griffith is about to go where no woman has gone before. This movie ranked number 48 on Entertainment Weekly 's list of the 50 Best High School Movies. The movie is a loose adaptation of William Shakespeare's Twelfth Night.
 Diodora rueppellii common name the Rüppell's keyhole limpet is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Space Is the Place is an 82-minute science fiction film made in 1972 and released in 1974. It was directed by John Coney written by Sun Ra and Joshua Smith and features Sun Ra and his Arkestra. A soundtrack was released on Evidence Records.
 Bully (originally titled The Bully Project) is a 2011 documentary film about bullying in U.S. schools. Directed by Lee Hirsch the film follows the lives of five students who face bullying on a daily basis. Bully premiered at the 2011 Tribeca Film Festival. It was also screened at the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival and the LA Film Festival.Bully had its global premiere at Italy's Ischia Film Festival on July 17 2011.
 Franck Biancheri (11 March 1961 – 30 October 2012) was the founder of the Newropeans European political party and the leader from June 2006. The party planned to run for campaigns in the European Parliament election 2009 in all EU member states simultaneously.Biancheri had previously founded the European Students' Forum (AEGEE) in 1985 and the thinktank LEAP/Europe2020 in 1998.
 Bryan T. Kaenrath (born 1983) is an American politician from Maine. Kaenrath graduated from the University of Maine in 2006 and was elected to the Maine House of Representatives that year representing the west end of South Portland. He was re-elected in 2010 for his 3rd term and is pursuing an online master's degree through Marist College.In January 2012 Kaenrath announced his candidacy for the Maine Senate District 7. Cynthia Dill vacated the seat in order to run for the United States Senate.
 Power-Up: How Japanese Video Games Gave the World an Extra Life (ISBN 0-7440-0424-1) is a 2005 book by Chris Kohler. It explores the video game market in Japan and the history of video games in both Japan and North America. Kohler argues that Japan’s role in the history of video games in America is undervalued. It includes personal interviews with many influential figures such as Shigeru Miyamoto most of them translated from Japanese.
 Anton Joseph Edler von Leeb was a mayor of Vienna.
 Lokur [[]]  .
 Naru (Persian: نارو‎ also Romanized as Nārū) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The African threadfish Alectis alexandrina (also known as the Alexandria pompano) is a species of large marine fish in the jack family Carangidae. The species is distributed along the coast of tropical Africa in the eastern Atlantic Ocean extending to the Mediterranean Sea. Adults live predominantly in shallow waters shallower than 70 m deep often forming small schools.
 Kitcliffe Reservoir is a reservoir in Piethorne Valley in between Ogden and Piethorne Reservoirs in the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale within Greater Manchester England.
 Canopus Hill is located on the island of East Falkland near Stanley the capital city of the Falkland Islands. It is named after HMS Canopus which fired the first shots in the Battle of the Falkland Islands during World War I.
 A Bad Case of Stripes is a children's book by David Shannon published in 1998 by Scholastic Press. A 2004 study found that it was a common read-aloud book for fourth-graders in schools in San Diego County California. Based on a 2007 online poll the National Education Association named the book one of its Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children.
 Antonio Serapio (1937 – 19 February 2007) was a lawmaker from the district of Valenzuela Philippines. He died when his car collided with an oncoming bus. He was rushed to Cabanatuan City Doctor's Hospital but there he suffered a cardiac arrest and died at the age of 69.
 Zacladus is a genus of weevils (beetles of the family Curculionidae).
 The John Mason House is a historic house at 10 Hillside Avenue in Winchester Massachusetts. This two story wood frame house was built sometime in the 1860s probably for Joshua Stone who sold it to John Mason sometime before 1875. Mason was one of the first Boston businessmen to establish a suburban residence in Winchester.
 Alias Grace is a historical fiction novel by Canadian writer Margaret Atwood. First published in 1996 by McClelland & Stewart it won the Canadian Giller Prize and was shortlisted for the Booker Prize.The story is about the notorious 1843 murders of Thomas Kinnear and his housekeeper Nancy Montgomery in Upper Canada. Two servants of the Kinnear household Grace Marks and James McDermott were convicted of the crime.
 George John Spencer 2nd Earl Spencer KG PC FRS FSA (1 September 1758 – 10 November 1834) styled Viscount Althorp from 1765 to 1783 was a British Whig politician. He notably served as Home Secretary from 1806 to 1807 in the Ministry of All the Talents.
 Arvīds Pelše (Russian: А́рвид Я́нович Пе́льше Arvid Yanovich Pelshe); February 7 [O.S. January 26] 1899 – May 29 1983) was a Soviet politician functionary and historian.
 Ibhayibheli Liyindlela is an album by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. It was released in 1984 and was a religious release focusing on songs such as Ujesu Wami (My Jesus) and Ibhayibheli Lami (My Bible). The album (#BL 472) was recorded on March 7 1984 and released on March 26 of that year.
 Movements is the second studio album by Berlin-based electronic band Booka Shade released on 16 May 2006 on Get Physical Music.
 Talahua is a genus of hoverflies.
 Talam Khan (Persian: تلم خان‎ also Romanized as Talam Khān; also known as Talīm Khān) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 52 families.
 The Lost Honour of Katharina Blum or: how violence develops and where it can lead (original German title: Die verlorene Ehre der Katharina Blum oder: Wie Gewalt entstehen und wohin sie führen kann) is a 1974 novel by Heinrich Böll.The story deals with the sensationalism of tabloid news and the political climate of panic over Red Army Faction terrorism in the 1970s Federal Republic of Germany.
 Wide Awake in America is a four-track EP by the Irish rock band U2 released in 1985. It combines two live performances of songs from the group's 1984 album The Unforgettable Fire with two B-sides from the era which had previously been available only in the United Kingdom.It was originally released only in North America and Japan but sold so well that it charted in the UK as an import.
 The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters is a Pulitzer Prize-winning novel written by Robert Lewis Taylor which was later made into a short-running television series on ABC from September 1963 through March 1964 featuring Kurt Russell as Jaimie Dan O'Herlihy as his father Doc Sardius McPheeters and Michael Witney and Charles Bronson as the wagon masters Buck Coulter and Linc Murdock respectively.
 Kelmti Horra (Arabic كلمتي حرة My Word is Free) is the debut studio album by Tunisian protest singer Emel Mathlouthi. It was released on January 24 2012. The title track was written by Tunisian singer Amin al-Ghozzi and became an important protest song in the Tunisian and Egyptian revolutions.
 Steady Nerves is a 1985 album by Graham Parker and The Shot.
 The Richtenberger See (also: Franzburg-Richtenberger See) is a lake between the towns of Franzburg and Richtenberg in Western Pomerania in northeast Germany. The waterbody was drained in 1936 but refilled as part of an ecological measure to compensate for environmental damage caused by the construction of the A 20 motorway.
 Loves Me Loves Me Not is a short film created by Aardman Animations. It is known as Me quiere... no me quiere in Spanish.
 Lac Courte Oreilles /ləˈkuːdəreɪ/ is a large freshwater lake located in north west Wisconsin in Sawyer County in townships 39 and 40 north ranges 8 and 9 west. It is irregular in shape having numerous peninsulas and bays being approximately six miles long in a southwest to northeast direction and with a maximum width of about two miles (3 km). Lac Courte Oreilles is 5039 acres (20.39 km2) in size with a maximum depth of 90 feet (27 m) and a shoreline of 25.4 miles (40.9 km).
 Kierwałd [ˈkʲɛrvau̯t] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Morzeszczyn 33 km (21 mi) south of Tczew and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 180.
 Olympia is the second studio album by Canadian electronic music band Austra released in Canada on June 18 2013 by Paper Bag Records. It was also released in the United States on June 18 2013 and a day before in rest of the world by Domino. Olympia has spawned two singles so far: Home and Painful Like. Stephen Thompson of NPR describes the album as having a more bombastic throb compared to its predecessor but still showcasing lead singer Katie Stelmanis's classically trained ...
 To the Yet Unknowing World is a limited-edition EP album by Josh Ritter and The Royal City Band released on February 8 2011.The EP features b-sides demos and remixes from the So Runs the World Away recording sessions. To the Yet Unknowing World was first made available on Ritter's official website and at his 2011 tour performances. The EP later went on sale at indie record stores and iTunes February 15 2011.
 Arthur Count of Posadowsky-Wehner Baron of Postelwitz (German: Arthur Graf von Posadowsky-Wehner Freiherr von Postelwitz 3 June 1845 – 23 October 1932) was a German conservative politician and statesman.
 Tuck Everlasting is a 1981 American film based on Natalie Babbitt's 1975 children's book of the same title.
 The Janus Mirror is the second full-length album from Brooklyn-based orchestral rock band Emanuel and the Fear and was released via Haldern Pop in September 2012.
 The Sweeney-Conner cabin is a structure within the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park. It was registered in the National Park Service's database of Official Structures on June 26 1989.
 Lake Ry de Rome is an artificial lake near the city of Couvin in Belgium near the border of France. The lake is located in the Ardennes. The water volume is 2200000 m³ and the area is 0.25 km².
 Kopanka [kɔˈpanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 The Oddfellows Building is a historic Odd Fellows building at Central Square in Stoneham Massachusetts.The Second Empire style building was constructed in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It was included in the Central Square Historic District in 1990.
 Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد‎ also Romanized as 'Ḩasanābād and Hassanābād; also known as Hasan Abad Daroo’iyeh and Hassahābād) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 54 families.
 Winds of September (九降風) is a 2008 Taiwanese film set in 1996 in Hsinchu that focuses on a gang of teenage boys who drink smoke and gamble and the relationships between them.
 Kupinovac is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D43 highway.
 Kalenderovci Donji (Serbian: Календеровци Доњи) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Isaac Hamilton Taylor (April 18 1840 – December 18 1936) was a lawyer judge and single-term U.S. Representative from Ohio.Taylor was born near New Harrisburg (later Hibbetts) Carroll County Ohio. He was the son of James and Mary Ann (Highland) Taylor. Taylor attended the common schools and completed an academic course. He then studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1867 subsequently commencing practice in Carrollton Ohio.
 Daulat is a 1949 Bollywood film directed by Sohrab Modi.
 Acrocercops cymella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Puerto Rico. It was described by W.T.M. Forbes in 1931.
 Al-Biruni is an impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon just beyond the eastern limb. This portion of the surface is sometimes brought into sight due to librations of the Moon but due to its location the crater is viewed from the side. Al-Biruni lies to the south of the crater Joliot and to the northeast of Goddard.The rim of Al-Biruni forms a somewhat irregular circle with a slight outward bulge in the northeast wall and a somewhat wider inner wall to the west.
 In October 2009 Andrea released her second album Men si tarsil (Bulgarian:Мен си търсил). The songs included in this album are 10 and most success from them are the pilot single “Men si tarsil” “Day mi vsichko” the duets with Costi (Costi Ionita) – “Only Mine” (2008 best duet song) and “Used Up” also the project with Romanian DJ Geo Da Silva recorded in two version: “Moyata poroda” (Bulgarian) and “Bellezza” (Italian).
 Lovers of the Arctic Circle (Spanish: Los amantes del círculo polar) sometimes called The Lovers from the North Pole is a 1998 film by the Spanish director Julio Médem starring Najwa Nimri and Fele Martínez.
 Mount Kearsarge is a mountain located in Wilmot New Hampshire and Warner New Hampshire. Two state parks are located on the mountain: Winslow State Park and Rollins State Park. On a very clear day skyscrapers in the city of Boston Massachusetts 80 miles (130 km) away are visible from the fire tower on the summit.
 Kaqalaq (Persian: كقالق‎ also Romanized as Kaqālaq; also known as Kafalagh and Kafāleq) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 785 in 204 families.
 Le foto proibite di una signora per bene is a 1970 giallo film directed by Luciano Ercoli. Written by Ernesto Gastaldi and Mahnahén Velasco the film stars Pier Paolo Capponi Simon Andreu and Dagmar Lassander.
 Fort Paté is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 Mpanjaka montana is a moth of the family of Erebidae that is found in Central Madagascar.The male has a wingspan of 57 mm and the length of the frontwings is 28 mm. Abdomen thorax and head are uniformely beige. Antennaes are bipectinated.Front wings are white with a dense pattern of black scaled and 3 red lines of red spots crossing the wing. Rear wings are of yellowish-white colour.
 The chinspot batis (Batis molitor) is a species of bird in the Platysteiridae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Burundi Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Gabon Kenya Lesotho Malawi Mozambique Namibia Rwanda South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Uganda Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and dry savanna.The chin-spot is a common and widespread bird and is primarily insectivorous finding its food on the surfaces of leaves and occasionally catching insects on the wing. 
 The McKay is an Art Deco building in Indianapolis Indiana. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Pay-Off is a 1930 American film directed by and starring Lowell Sherman. The film is based on the play 'Crime' by Samuel Shipman and John B. Hymer. It had a good run of 186 performances at the Eltinge Theatre in New York from February to August 1927. The film was remade as Law Of The Underworld in 1939In 1958 the film entered the public domain in the USA due to the copyright claimants failure to renew the copyright registration in the 28th year after publication.
 Hualālai (pronounced [huwəˈlaːlɐi] in Hawaiian) is a dormant shield volcano on the island of Hawaiʻi in the Hawaiian Islands. It is the third-youngest and the third most active of the five volcanoes that form the island of Hawaiʻi following Kīlauea and the much larger Mauna Loa and also the westernmost. Its peak is 8271 feet (2521 m) above sea level. Hualālai is estimated to have risen above sea level about 300000 years ago.
 Everything Will Never be OK is the 2003 album by British rock band Fiction Plane. The track Wise contains the hidden track Bongo after 5 minutes of silence (making the total running time 15:50).
 Saint Boniface Cathedral is a Roman Catholic basilica and the cathedral of Saint Boniface Winnipeg Manitoba Canada.It is an important building in Winnipeg and is the principal church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Boniface serving the eastern part of Manitoba province as well as the local Franco-Manitoban community. The basilica sits in the centre of the city at 190 avenue de la Cathédrale Saint Boniface.
 Steven John Steve Ashton (born February 29 1956 in Surrey England) is a politician in Manitoba Canada. He is a long-serving member of the Manitoba legislature and is currently a cabinet minister in the New Democratic Party government of Greg Selinger.The son of John Stewart Ashton and Nedra May Childs he moved with his family to Thompson in northern Manitoba at age eleven. He was educated at R.D.
 Millwood is the site and ruins of an antebellum plantation house at 6100 Garner's Ferry Road (US 76) Columbia South Carolina. Owned by Colonel Wade Hampton II and his wife Ann Fitzsimmons Hampton it was the boyhood home of their first son Wade Hampton III and other children. He later became a Confederate general and later South Carolina governor and U.S. Senator. After the death of Wade Hampton II in 1858 the house was inherited by his four unmarried daughters.
 X -Cross- (simply read as Cross) is the 57th studio album released by Japanese kayōkyoku singer Sayuri Ishikawa celebrating her 40th anniversary in the music industry. She collaborated with Shigeru Kishida of Quruli Kazufumi Miyazawa of The Boom Tamio Okuda Michiru Hako Yamasaki Neko Saito and Hiroko Taniyama to write the tracks on the album.
 Sharon Pratt Kelly (born January 30 1944) formerly Sharon Pratt Dixon and now known as Sharon Pratt was the third mayor of the District of Columbia from 1991 to 1995. Pratt was the first black woman to serve as mayor of a major American city. She is also to date the only woman to have served as mayor of Washington D.C.Though she campaigned and was elected and inaugurated mayor as Sharon Pratt Dixon on December 7 1991 she married James R.
 The Chiapas catfish Lacantunia enigmatica is an unusual species of catfish (order Siluriformes) newly described in 2005 from the Lacantún River in the Mexican state of Chiapas. While discovery of an undescribed species of catfish is not uncommon discovery of a new family-level taxon of any vertebrate group is a rare event. The Chiapas catfish mainly feeds on crabs prawns small fish and large tough plant seeds.
 P. Sathidevi (born 29 November 1956) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. She used to represent the Vadakara constituency of Kerala and is a member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPI(M)) political party.
 Arispe concretalis is a species of snout moth. It is found in Mexico.
 Chościszowice [xɔɕt͡ɕiʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec within Bolesławiec County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 km (2 mi) north-east of Bolesławiec and 103 km (64 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 60.
 The Sunraysia Daily is a daily newspaper in the north-western Sunraysia region of Victoria Australia. From its first publication in 1920 up until 14 September 2007 it was published in broadsheet format changing to tabloid-size the following day.
 Barbus carottae is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Der Schuh des Manitu (English: Manitou's Shoe) is a 2001 German parody of western films. Directed by Michael Herbig it is a film adaptation of the Winnetou sketches from his ProSieben television show Bullyparade.
 Goniographa discussa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from the Zeravshan Mountains and Hissar Mountains through the western Pamirs to north-eastern Afghanistan (Badakhshan).The wingspan is 30-35 mm.
 Gemmula truncata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Mohammed Lawal Uwais was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Nigeria from 1995 until 2006. Later he chaired a commission that published a controversial report on electoral reform.Uwais is the son of the Chief Alkali and later Waziri of Zaria emirate.
 Karimabad-e Sardar (Persian: كريم ابادسردار‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād-e Sardār) is a village in Mahan Rural District Mahan District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Charles Manners-Sutton 1st Viscount Canterbury GCB PC (9 January 1780 – 21 July 1845) was a British Tory politician who served as Speaker of the House of Commons from 1817 to 1835.
 Sagina Mahato is a 1970 Bengali film. Produced by Shri J.K. Kapur and directed by Tapan Sinha the film stars Dilip Kumar and Saira Banu. The film is based on the true story of the labour movement of 1942-43 told through with fictional characters and the mock trial of Sagina Mahato the trade union leader of a factory in Siliguri. It was entered into the 7th Moscow International Film Festival. The film was shot on locations in Kurseong near Darjeeling.
 Mowtowr-e Gami (Persian: موتورگمي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Gamī) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Men Like These is a 1931 British drama film directed by Walter Summers and starring John Batten Sydney Seaward Syd Crossley James Enstone and Lesley Wareing. A number of men are trapped underwater in the L56 submarine and through their comradeship and devotion to duty finally manage to escape.
 Tolombeh-ye Arj Yarahmadi (Persian: تلمبه ارج ياراحمدي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ārj Yārāḩmadī) is a village in Rizab Rural District Qatruyeh District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 21 families.
 Kleenex/LiLiPUT (The Complete Recordings) is a compilation album by LiLiPUT formerly known as Kleenex.Kleenex was a Zürich Switzerland punk band. The group started out in 1978 and evolved through numerous personnel changes throughout the next five years touring with bands such as Spizzenergi The Raincoats and Gang of Four. Guitarist/bassist Marlene Marder and bassist/guitarist Klaudia Schifferle were the sole constants throughout the band's recording career.
 Live in Warsaw (also released as Beautiful Love The Lady from Caracas Monk's Dream and At the Warsaw Jamboree) is a 1991 live album by McCoy Tyner released on the Who's Who in Jazz label. It was recorded for a television broadcast by Polish Channel 1 (which has also been released as a DVD) in October 1991 at the Operatka House Warsaw Poland and features a solo performance by Tyner.
 One Night in One City also known as One Night in a City and One Night in the City (Czech: Jedné noci v jednom městě) is a stop-motion-animated feature-length black comedy horror film from the Czech Republic.
 Eye 2 Eye is the title of the independently produced EP by singer/songwriter Casey Donovan. It was released on 28 November 2007 to a limited physical release with only 2000 copies printed and as of 5 December 2007 is available only through her MySpace. Plans are currently underway for a release through selected stores and online retailers as well as international sales through US company CD Baby.
 Stephen Francis Smith (born 12 December 1955) was an Australian Labor Party member of the Australian House of Representatives from March 1993 to August 2013 representing the Division of Perth Western Australia. His last ministerial appointment was the Minister for Defence. Smith was born in Narrogin Western Australia and was educated at CBC Highgate the University of Western Australia and the University of London where he earned a master's degree in law.
 The Paricarana River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Catopsilia thauruma the Madagascar Migrant is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found on Madagascar Mauritius and La Réunion. The habitat consists of forest margins and anthropogenic environments.The larvae feed on Cassia siamea.
 This is the discography of Scale the Summit an instrumental progressive metal band from Houston Texas. Formed in 2004 Scale the Summit have released four studio albums one single and one demo.Scale the Summit was formed in 2004 by guitarist Chris Letchford and some classmates from the Los Angeles Musicians Institute.
 The Checklist of Fantastic Literature is a bibliography of English science fiction fantasy and weird books compiled and edited by Everett F. Bleiler with a preface by Melvin Korshak and a cover by Hannes Bok.With a print run of 1933 copies it was the first book from Shasta Publishers. The bibliography is nearly complete and lists over 5000 titles published prior to 1949. The books are listed by author and indexed by title.
 The Carpathians is the last novel by New Zealand writer Janet Frame published in 1988 and awarded that year's Commonwealth Writers Prize.
 The Settles Hotel is an historic 15-story hotel located at 201 East Third Street in Big Spring Texas. Originally completed in 1930 the Settles opened for business October 1 1930 and was occupied until the early 1980s. It has stood abandoned since that time.The building was purchased by the Settles Hotel Development Corporation in late 2006.
 Awakening The World is the debut album of the power / progressive metal band Lost Horizon released in 2001 (see 2001 in music).
 Congreve (1924-1944) was an Argentine Thoroughbred racehorse and one of the most influential sires in South America. He was a bay stallion by Copyright (GB) (by Tracery who was sired by Rock Sand) his dam Per Noi by Perrier (GB).
 The Cisa Pass or La Cisa Pass is a mountain pass in Italy that marks the division between the Ligurian and Tuscan Apennines. It is located on the border between northern Tuscany (Province of Massa-Carrara) and Emilia-Romagna (Province of Parma) near the source of the Magra River at an altitude of 1040 meters (3414 feet) above sea level.
 The Caru River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Church of St Bartholomew at East Lyng in the parish of Lyng Somerset England dates from the 14th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The Anglican church is dedicated to St Bartholomew and is thought to have been built by the monks who were displaced from Athelney Abbey when it was dissolved by King Henry VIII of England in 1539.The ornate three-stage tower which was built around 1497 is of lias with hamstone dressings supported by set-back buttresses connected diagonally across the angles of the tower on the bottom two stages; these terminate as diagonal pinnacles on shafts at the third stage. 
 To Bring You My Love is the third studio album by British musician and singer-songwriter PJ Harvey. It was released by Island Records in February 1995. Recorded after the break-up of the PJ Harvey trio it stands as her first proper solo album. The songs on the album are heavily influenced by American blues music.To produce the album Harvey chose Flood best known for his work with U2 Depeche Mode and Nine Inch Nails. Harvey co-produced the record with Flood and John Parish.
 Joseph Walker Barr (January 17 1918 – February 23 1996) was an American businessman and politician. He served as the United States Secretary of the Treasury from December 21 1968 until January 20 1969 in President Lyndon B. Johnson's cabinet.
 The dwarf pufferfish also known as the Malabar pufferfish pea pufferfish or pygmy pufferfish Carinotetraodon travancoricus is a small freshwater pufferfish endemic to the River Pamba in Kerala Southwest India. Maximum size is 22 mm (less than one inch) making it one of the smallest pufferfish in the world. Although closely related to marine pufferfish they are not found in brackish or salt water and reports to the contrary may be based on misidentification.
 Wola Zambrzycka [ˈvɔla zamˈbʐɨt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The Nick of Time Baby is a 1916 American silent comedy film directed by Clarence G. Badger and starring Gloria Swanson.
 The British Journal of Management is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal which was established by David T. Otley in 1990 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Academy of Management. The current editor-in-chief is Mustafa F.
 Fatima Houda-Pepin (born December 26 1951) was a Quebec politician and a member of the National Assembly of Quebec Canada. She represented the La Pinière electoral district (the city of Brossard) between 1994 and 2014 and was a member from the Quebec Liberal Party until 2014.She was born in Meknes Morocco.
 The Albemarle-Kenmore Terraces Historic District is a small historic district located in the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City. It consists of two short cul-de-sacs Albemerle Terrace and Kenmore Terrace off of East 21st Street and the 32 houses on the two streets.All the houses were designed by the local firm of Slee & Bryson but differ in style between the two streets.
 Chimaira is the third studio album by Chimaira released on August 9 2005. It debuted No. 74 on the Billboard 200 charts. The album would be the band's final release under Roadrunner Records and the only one to feature Kevin Talley on drums.
 Galerie Birch is a Danish art gallery located on Bredgade in Copenhagen. The gallery opened in 1946 and is the oldest Danish gallery for Modern art.Galerie Birch was created and originally opened by art dealer Børge Birch. The gallery was assumed by his daughter Anette Birch in 1994.Galerie Birch is knows for it work with COBRA-artists here included Asger Jorn Pierre Alechinsky and Christian Dotremont.
 M. G. Ejaife (born I June 1912 – 6 March 1972) was an Urhobo nationalist from Okpara Inland and the first principal of the premier Urhobo College Effurun Warri. He was one of two recipients of scholarship awards from Urhobo Progress Union during World War II years. (The other recipient was G. N. Igho.) He returned to Nigeria after his graduation with a B.A. degree of Durham University in 1948 thus becoming the first Urhobo graduate.
 St Martin's Church Whenby is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Whenby North Yorkshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The Goulburn Roundhouse was saved from demolition by the Goulburn Locomotive Roundhouse Preservation Society.The roundhouse is now run as Goulburn Rail Heritage Centre a museum open to the public with large collection of rolling stock and various exhibits as well as privately owned locomotives and carriages.
 The Tucannon River is a tributary of the Snake River in the U.S. state of Washington. It flows generally northwest from headwaters in the Blue Mountains of southeastern Washington to meet the Snake 4 miles (6 km) upstream from Lyons Ferry Park and the mouth of the Palouse River. The Tucannon is about 62 miles (100 km) long. Part of the upper river flows through the Wenaha–Tucannon Wilderness.
 Hard Grit (1998) is a climbing film produced by Slackjaw Film featuring climbing on gritstone in the North of England. It has won ten international film festival awards.
 Golddigger (Hungarian: Az aranyásó) is a 1914 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.Goldigger is about the California Gold Rush. Xarkrow the lead character leaves his home in Fortanska a fictional city in Hungary to go to California to dig for gold in the hills of the Sierra Nevada. While there he strikes it rich with great gold.
 An Inquiry into the Good (Japanese: 善の研究 Zen no kenkyū) is a 1911 book by Kitaro Nishida the foremost Japanese philosopher of the 20th century and founding father of the Kyoto School.
 O Cortiço (titled in English: The Slum) is an influential Brazilian novel written in 1890 by Aluísio Azevedo. The novel depicts a part of Brazil's culture in the late Nineteenth century represented by a variety of colorful characters living in a single Rio de Janeiro slum.
 Wiley H. Bates High School is a historic black school building in Annapolis Anne Arundel County Maryland. It was completed in 1932 and replaced the original Annapolis Colored High School. The school building is named after Wiley H.
 Orzelec Duży [ɔˈʐɛlɛt͡s ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubnice within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Łubnice 19 km (12 mi) south of Staszów and 66 km (41 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 300.
 Dominion Tower is one of the major distinctive and recognizable features of Downtown Norfolk Virginia United States. Once the tallest building in the Hampton Roads metro area it is now the tallest building in the City of Norfolk having been surpassed by the mid-2000s construction of the Armada Hoffler Tower and Westin Virginia Beach Town Center tower in nearby city Virginia Beach Virginia. It can be viewed over the Elizabeth River (Virginia).
 Strumigenys liukueiensis is a species of ant endemic to Taiwan.This ant is similar to Strumigenys solifontis but can be identified by the abundant hairs on the head and mesosoma. The only similarly hairy Strumigenys ant found in Taiwan is S. lichiaensis which is much smaller than S. liukueiensis.
 Voltigeur (1847–1874) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1849 to August 1852 he ran ten times and won five races. In 1850 he won the Epsom Derby and the St Leger against his fellow three-year-olds and then recorded his most famous victory when beating The Flying Dutchman in the Doncaster Cup. In May 1851 Voltigeur was beaten by The Flying Dutchman in what was probably the most celebrated match race in the history of British thoroughbred racing.
 Skarbiszów [skarˈbiʂuf] (German: Karbischau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Dąbrowa and 14 km (9 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 859.
 Mount Hatsuka (羽束山 Hatsuka-yama) is a 524.0 meter high Japanese mountain in Sanda Hyōgo Japan. Another name of this mountain is Mount Koge.Mount Hatsuka is an independent peak in Tamba Highland. This mountain is on a popular picnic course from Dojo Station to Kozuki Bus Stop of Shinki Bus. On the top of the mountain Hatsuka Shrine is extant.
 The collared pika (Ochotona collaris) is small (~160 gram) alpine lagomorph that lives in boulder fields of central and southern Alaska (U.S.) and in parts of Canada including northern British Columbia Yukon and western parts of the Northwest Territories. It is closely related to the American pika (O. princeps).
 American Short Fiction is a nationally-circulated literary magazine based in Austin Texas. Issued tri-annually American Short Fiction publishes short fiction novel excerpts and an occasional novella and strives to publish work by both established and emerging contemporary authors.
 Passionate Guitars is a reissue of Passion Guitars by Bucky Pizzarelli and John Pizzarelli.
 Leszyce [lɛˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Wielka within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Shongram (Bengali: সংগ্রাম) is the soundtrack album to the 2014 film of the same name written and directed by Munsur Ali. The album is the first soundtrack and third studio album by Boston-based Bangladeshi singer-songwriter and composer Armeen Musa.
 Sunnyside is a historic plantation home and complex located near Newsoms Southampton County Virginia. The house was built in three stages dating to about 1815 1847 and 1870. It is a two-story T-shaped frame dwelling. The main section was built in 1870 and has Greek Revival and Italianate design elements. The front facade features an imposing two-story pedimented portico sheltering the main entrance.
 Duets: An American Classic is an album by Tony Bennett released in 2006.The album was released in conjunction with Bennett's 80th birthday the previous month. The songs selected were mostly ones that Bennett had played a major role in introducing into the Great American Songbook.
 Stargate literature comprises the novels and short stories in the Stargate franchise fictional universe (based on either the original Stargate film or the Stargate SG-1 Stargate Atlantis and Stargate Universe television shows) as well as non-fiction devoted to the franchise. Stargate literary works follow no strict continuity with the series or each other and are often considered to be non-canon.
 The taimen (Hucho taimen) also known as Siberian taimen and Siberian salmon is a species of fish in the salmon family (family Salmonidae) of order Salmoniformes.
 Patrick A. Miles Jr. (born October 19 1967) is the U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Michigan based in Grand Rapids Michigan. He was nominated by President Obama on March 29 2012 and confirmed by the U.S. Senate on June 29 2012. Miles is the first person of color to hold the position of U.S.
 The Șopteriu River or Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
 Vincent Forge Mansion also known as Young's Forge Mansion and Kerry Dell Farm is a historic home located in East Vincent Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1770 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay by two bay stone dwelling with a gable roof and pent. It was originally the ironmaster's home and office at an 18th-century iron forge. The forge operated from about 1760 to 1800. The house later became a farm house.
 Grand Hyatt Dubai is a hotel in the area of Zabeel in Dubai United Arab Emirates established in 2003 and owned by the ruler of Dubai; at the time its 674 rooms made it the largest hotel in Dubai. The restaurant serves Arabic cuisine.
 Eduardo Serra Rexach is a Spanish politician and businessman who served as the Minister of Defence from 1996 to 2000 during the government of José María Aznar. He is the only person to have held public office with all three governing parties in democratic Spain having served in senior roles in the UCD the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and the Partido Popular.
 Sarab-e Shahini (Persian: سراب شاهيني‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Shāhīnī) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 182 in 43 families.
 Pseudosphex discoplaga is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in Venezuela.
 Castle of Afyonkarahisar (Turkish: Afyonkarahisar Kalesi) is a historical fortification which was built around 1350 BC and is located in Afyonkarahisar Turkey.
 Discovery! The Search for Arabian Oil is a non-fiction book written by Pulitzer Prize winning American author Wallace Stegner.Written by Stegner in the late 1950s the book was originally serialized in fourteen parts in the magazine Saudi Aramco World in 1970-71 and later published in Beirut Lebanon in 1971 in a limited press run.
 The Valea Nisipului River is a tributary of the Şcheiu River in the city of Braşov Romania.
 Kenneth R. Ken Buck (born February 16 1959) is the District Attorney for Weld County Colorado and is a candidate for the 4th District U.S. Congressional seat in Colorado. He was the unsuccessful Republican challenger to Michael Bennet in the 2010 U.S. Senate race in Colorado.
 The Pârâul lui Ilie is a tributary of the Tâmpa River in Romania.
 A Guide to Heritage of Hyderabad: The Natural and the Built is a book on the heritage structures and buildings located in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. It is written by Madhu Vottery. The book contains all the heritage structures and building like the Charminar Golconda Qutb Shahi Tombs Chowmahalla Palace etc.
 Misery is the fifth EP by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts. The EP was released on October 10 2011 in conjunction with their album Die Miserable. The EP is limited to 500 hand-numbered copies on CD 100 cassettes and is also available as a digital download.
 Paul W. Semmel is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He is a 1957 graduate of Parkland High School. He earned a degree in agricultural education from Penn State University in 1961. He completed some graduate work at Temple University.Prior to elective office he worked as a teacher in the Catasauqua Area School District for 15 years. He is owner of the Excelsior Dairy Farm in Schnecksville Pennsylvania.
 The O. C. Barber Creamery built in 1909 is an historic farm building located at 365 Portsmouth Avenue on the Anna-Dean Farm in Barberton Ohio. It was built by American businessman and industrialist Ohio Culumbus Barber the developer of both Barberton which he envisioned as a planned industrial community and the nearby 3500-acre (14 km²) Anna-Dean Farm which he envisioned as a prototype for modern agricultural enterprise.
 Dufferin Mall is a shopping mall and office complex in Toronto Ontario Canada. It is located on the west side of Dufferin Street between Sylvan Avenue and Croatia Street (formerly Awde Street) south of the intersection of Bloor Street West on the site of a former race track in the Brockton Village neighbourhood.
 The Garden is a 1990 British arthouse film by director Derek Jarman produced by James Mackay for Basilisk Communications in association with Channel 4 British Screen and ZDF. It focuses on homosexuality and Christianity set against a backdrop of Jarman's bleak coastal home of Dungeness in Kent and his garden and the nearby landscape surrounding a nuclear power station a setting Jarman compares to the Garden of Eden. The film was entered into the 17th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Monte Baldo is a mountain in the Italian Alps located in the provinces of Trentino and Verona.
 Vayasu Pilichindi (Telugu: వయసు పిలిచింది) is a 1978 Telugu dubbed film directed by C. V. Sridhar. It is the dubbed version of the Tamil film Ilamai Oonjal Aadukirathu (1978). The film became a big hit due to the music. The director remade the film in Hindi as Dil-E-Nadaan (1982) starring Rajesh Khanna Shatrughan Sinha Smita Patil and Jayapradha which fethched 4.3 crores at the box office.
 The Trip: Created by Snow Patrol is a mix album compiled by alternative rock band Snow Patrol's vocalist Gary Lightbody and released through the Family Recordings label on 1 November 2004. Issued as a 2×CD and a 3×LP Vinyl the album was the fifth in The Trip series. In the CD release Disc I was called Bert and Disc II was Ernie. Lightbody wished to compile his own Trip album after listening to the album compiled by Tom Middleton.
 The Comedy Bible: From Stand-up to Sitcom—The Comedy Writer's Ultimate How to Guide (2001) is a self help and joke writing book by comedian Judy Carter. According to the cover it is the how to book for anyone who wants to pursue a career as a comedian. It covers everything from: How to make a living performing and writing comedy. How to turn you life experience into killer comedy. Advice from comedy's hottest: stars producers and agents. Complete list of managers agents and comedy clubs.
 Dagblad de Limburger is a Dutch newspaper oriented towards the province Limburg. The newspaper cooperates with its regional counterpart Limburgs Dagblad as Media Groep Limburg owned by Mecom Group. The newspapers operate a common website. The newspaper is the result of a merger between Dagblad voor Noord-Limburg and De Limburger.
 Richard Killian is an American businessman United States Army officer and politician.
 Dune: The Butlerian Jihad is a 2002 science fiction novel by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson set in the fictional Dune universe created by Frank Herbert. It is the first book in the Legends of Dune prequel trilogy which takes place over 10000 years before the events of Frank Herbert's celebrated 1965 novel Dune.
 Now! is a 1963 album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Stitt his first of two albums released by Impulse! Records.
 The Night the Bridge Fell Down is an American action film starring James MacArthur Desi Arnaz Jr. and Leslie Nielsen. The movie was produced by Irwin Allen in 1979 in association with Warner Bros.
 The Rufous-chested Plover or Rufous-chested Dotterel (Charadrius modestus) is a species of bird in the Charadriidae family.It breeds in southern parts of Argentina and Chile and on the Falkland Islands. Some birds migrate north in winter reaching as far as Uruguay southern Brazil and occasionally Peru.Its natural habitats are temperate grassland and sandy shores.
 The Voice of Cambodia is a weekly newspaper published in Cambodia.
 New Toy (1981) is an album by Lene Lovich first issued in the UK by Stiff Records. It featured her second single New Toy. Containing only six songs it is considered an EP rather than a full album. On the American dance charts the title track peaked at number nineteen and stayed on the chart for six months.
 Uralsky Sledopyt (Russian: Уральский Следопыт Ural Pathfinder) is a Soviet and Russian magazine dedicated to tourism but also covering various themes like local history and science fiction. It is printed in Yekaterinburg (formerly Sverdlovsk) Russia located on the eastern side of the Ural mountain range hence the name of the magazine.In 1981 the magazine established the Aelita Prize for science fiction.
 Ningbo Center is a skyscraper under construction in Ningbo China.
 Ballylongford (historically Bealalongford from Irish: Béal Átha Longfoirt meaning ford-mouth of anchorage) is a village near Listowel in north County Kerry Ireland.
 Grace Episocopal Church is an Episcopal church located in Mount Clemens Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1975.
 The Talismans of Shannara is the fourth book of the tetralogy The Heritage of Shannara written by Terry Brooks.
 The Court Jester is a 1956 musical-comedy film starring Danny Kaye Glynis Johns Basil Rathbone Angela Lansbury and Cecil Parker. The movie was co-written co-directed and co-produced by Melvin Frank and Norman Panama.
 Little Town on the Prairie by Laura Ingalls Wilder was first published in 1941 and is the seventh of nine books written in her Little House series also known as The Laura Years. The book is set in De Smet South Dakota. It opens in the spring after the Long Winter and ends as Laura becomes a schoolteacher so she can help her sister Mary stay at a school for the blind in Vinton Iowa.
 Narthamalai	(Tamil: நார்தமலை	) is a village in the Annavasalrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 El Faro de Gibraltar is a Spanish language free weekly newspaper published in Gibraltar since 2003. It is the only Spanish language newspaper currently published in Gibraltar and belongs to the Spanish media group Publicaciones del Sur S.A..
 Encounter in the Dawn is a short story by Arthur C. Clarke published in 1953 in the magazine Amazing Stories. It was originally collected in the anthology Expedition to Earth and in one edition of the book is titled Expedition to Earth. In a later collection the title Encounter at Dawn is used.
 The Covașnița River or Cvașnița River is a tributary of the Ruscova River in Romania.
 The Horse Range is a mountain range in Josephine County Oregon.
 Mirosternus eximius also known as the death watch beetle is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Dąbroszyn [dɔmˈbrɔʂɨn] (formerly German Tamsel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witnica within Gorzów County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Witnica and 39 km (24 mi) west of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 820.
 Safar (Persian: صفر‎ also Romanized as Şafar) is a village in Jayezan Rural District Jayezan District Omidiyeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1103 in 234 families.
 Holiday From You is the second major label release by the Milwaukee-based rock band The Gufs. The album peaked at #33 on the Billboard magazine Top Heatseekers chart. Holiday From You was re-released on Red Submarine Records with some alternate tracks and revamped artwork in 2006. The track Give Back Yourself features vocals by Rob Thomas. The 2006 reissued version features the Don Gilmore remixes of Last Goodbye and Give Back Yourself.
 Nelly et Monsieur Arnaud (English: Nelly and Mr. Arnaud) is a 1995 French movie directed by Claude Sautet and starring Michel Serrault Emmanuelle Béart and Jean-Hugues Anglade. It won the César Award for Best Director and Best Actor from Michel Serrault.
 The Daily Globe is a daily newspaper based in Ironwood Michigan.The Daily Globe serves Gogebic and Ontonagon counties in Michigan and Iron County in Wisconsin.
 Atago Green Hills (愛宕グリーンヒルズ Atago Gurīn Hiruzu) is an urban complex located in Atago Minato-ku in central Tokyo between the Kamiyacho and Onarimon subway stations. Constructed by building tycoon Minoru Mori the complex incorporates offices residences shops gardens temples and museum.
 Take It Easy is a 2011 Kannada film in the comedy genre starring Anant Nag Shashi Kumar and Sanjana in the lead roles . The film has been directed and written by Anantha Padmanabha and produced by Nargis Babu . The film is released on 25 February 2011.
 Bakhtajerd (Persian: بختاجرد‎ also Romanized as Bakhtājerd; also known as Bakhlagird Bakhlājerd and Baxtâjerd) is a village in Bakhtajerd Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 877 in 201 families.
 Lead Me On is a 1971 vocal duet studio album by American country music singer-songwriters Loretta Lynn and Conway Twitty.This was Lynn and Twitty's second duet album together. With their previous album We Only Make Believe they became a successful duo and won a Grammy award for their #1 hit After the Fire Is Gone. This album's title track was the only single and became the duo's second #1 hit together as well as their second released single. The duo's album includes 11 tracks.
 Virgil von Graben (15th century — 1507) was an Austrian noble and knight who was stadtholder of Lienz and East Tyrol and Regent (captain) and stadtholder of Görz. He also ruled four Burggrafschaften (a sort of Viscountships) in the County of Tyrol the Duchy of Carinthia and in the Archbishopric of Salzburg. Virgil von Graben was a powerful advisor to count Leonhard of Gorizia and emperor Maximilian I.
 Coleophora oxyphaea is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Contradusta pulchella common name the pretty cowry or beautiful (little) cowry is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.
 Squealer is a 2005 pornographic horror film directed by Jack the Zipper.
 The Ciulnița River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Mordellistena downesi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1965 by Medvedev.
 The Buchberg is a 674 m high mountain in the Bavarian Fichtelgebirge range.The mountain which is formed from porphyritic granite lies south of the village of Reicholdsgrün in the borough of Kirchenlamitz in the district of Wunsiedel im Fichtelgebirge.The Buchberg is cloaked by a forest 23 hectares in area which is one of the few near-natural stands of deciduous forest in the Fichtelgebirge (woodrush beech forest).
 Under The Grey Banner is the fifth studio album by Swedish power metal band Dragonland. The album was released on November 13 2011. This is the third part of the Dragonland Chronicles saga. Damian Bajowski(known from million-selling PC game The Witcher) created the cover artwork for this chapter of the Dragonland saga. The album's title track is Dragonland's longest song to date lasting for over eight minutes.
 Deč (Serbian Cyrillic: Деч) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Pećinci municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1590 people (2002 census).
 Rasbora myersi is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.
 Microwave and Optical Technology Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published monthly by Wiley Periodicals Inc. (Wiley Online Library) and is edited by Kai Chang (Texas A&M University). It is a rapid publications journal.
 The Great White Pelican (Pelecanus onocrotalus) also known as the Eastern White Pelican Rosy Pelican or White Pelican is a bird in the pelican family. It breeds from southeastern Europe through Asia and in Africa in swamps and shallow lakes.
 The Swiss Conspiracy is a 1976 action film starring David Janssen Senta Berger and Elke Sommer and directed by Jack Arnold. It was co-produced between Germany and the United States.
 Bamrud (Persian: بمرود‎ also Romanized as Bamrūd and Bemrood; also known as Banamrūd) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District Central District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 961 in 198 families.
 This article is about the academic journal. For the field of study see Economic botany.Economic Botany is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers all aspects of economic botany. The editor-in-chief is Robert A. Voeks (California State University Fullerton). The journal was established in 1947 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the New York Botanical Garden Press on behalf of the Society for Economic Botany.
 Ninth & Stewart is a proposed skyscraper project in the Denny Triangle neighborhood of Seattle Washington. The most recent plan (as of April 2013) is to build a 43-story tower to open in 2017 which would include a hotel meeting space and apartments. If constructed it would be among the tallest skyscrapers in Seattle and the city's largest hotel.
 Hollywood Lights is a 1932 American comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 The Rufous-fronted Prinia (Prinia buchanani) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.It is found in India and Pakistan.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Budy [ˈbudɨ] (German: Jagdhaus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrowie within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Jastrowie 27 km (17 mi) west of Złotów and 112 km (70 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany.
 Bone Sickness is a low-budget 2004 horror film about a degenerative bone disease from the same director as Mummy Raider. The film runs for 98 minutes.
 The Acrobatidae are a small family of gliding marsupials containing two genera each with a single species the feathertail glider (Acrobates pygmaeus) from Australia and feather-tailed possum (Distoechurus pennatus) from New Guinea.
 The painted tree-rat (Callistomys pictus) is a species of spiny rat from Brazil and is the only species in the genus Callistomys. It appears to lack close relatives and is often placed in the genus Isothrix or less regularly Nelomys.
 Veni Vidi Vici is the debut album from Punk Rock band The Forgotten. It is their second release under TKO Records overall release #12 by the label itself. It was released in 1998 on blue vinyl and CD re-released in 2000 on black vinyl. It contains the band's most popular song Fists Up.
 Curuquetê River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Cima di Biasca is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located southeast of Biasca in the canton of Ticino.
 A Footnote to History: Eight Years of Trouble in Samoa is a historical non-fiction work by Robert Louis Stevenson. describing the Samoan Civil War.Robert Louis Stevenson arrived in Samoa in 1889 and built a house at Vailima. He quickly became passionately interested and involved in the attendant political machinations.
 Hello Good-bye officially written as Hellogood-bye (katakana: ハローグッドバイ Harō Guddobai) sometimes abbreviated as HGB is a Japanese Bishōjo visual novel developed and published by Lump of Sugar playable on PC. Hello Good-bye was Lump of Sugar's sixth title officially released on 16 October 2010 after Prism Rhythm was published. Other eroge games established by Lump of Sugar include Nursery Rhyme Itsuka Todoku Ano Sora ni Tayutama: Kiss on my Deity (most notably) and more.
 Alexandria the Great is the third studio album by the American jazz singer Lorez Alexandria.
 The Arun River (Nepali: अरुण नदी) is a trans-boundary river and is part of the Kosi or Sapt Koshi river system in Nepal. It originates in Tibet Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China where it is called Bum-chu.
 The Wurzelbrink is a hill south of Lübbecke which at 318 m above NN is the second highest peak in the Wiehen Hills in north Germany. Immediately to the south is the no less majestic Kniebrink (315 m). There is an old and rather small watchtower the Wartturm on top of the Wurzelbrink which was built in 1857 whose outstanding views of the local area are partly obscured by the trees that have now grown up around it.
 Eolactoria sorbinii is an extinct prehistoric boxfish that lived during the Lutetian epoch of the middle Eocene in Monte Bolca. It had two pairs of long spines one over each eye and one pair beneath the anal and caudal fins arranged very similarly to those possessed by the modern genus Lactoria (e.g. cowfish) but were in comparison much longer. E.
 Omphaloceps is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Aayiram Nilave Vaa is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Prof.A.S.Pragasam for New Wave Pictures. The film stars Karthik Muthuraman and Sulakshana in the lead roles.
 Earl's Sluice a lost river in south-east London UK; named after the Duke of Gloucester in the time of Henry I. Its source is Ruskin Park on Denmark Hill. In South Bermondsey it joins with the River Peck before emptying into the Thames at Deptford Wharf.Earl's Creek marks the boundary between St Mary's parish Rotherhithe and St Paul's parish Deptford. Until 1899 this was also the Kent-Surrey boundary.
 From Russia with Love is the fifth novel in Ian Fleming's James Bond series first published in the UK by Jonathan Cape on 8 April 1957. As with the first four books From Russia with Love was generally well received by the critics. The story was written at Fleming's Goldeneye estate in Jamaica in early 1956.
 Kelontekemäjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Kemijoki main catchment area. It is located in Kittilä municipality in the region Lapland in Finland. Historically the lake has been a border mark between the Sami villages of Kittilä and Sodankylä.
 First Presbyterian Church of Elizabeth (Old First of Elizabeth) is a historic church at 14-44 Broad Street in Elizabeth Union County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1783 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.In 2013 a bible dating from 1699 belonging to founder James Odgen was returned to the congregation.
 Chrysomphe is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Jenkins Music Company Building in Kansas City Missouri is a building from 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Headstunts is The Datsuns' fourth studio album released on 6 October 2008. It was recorded in early 2008 in Sweden and was self-produced. It is the first album The Datsuns recorded with new drummer Ben Cole.The title of the album Headstunts is an anagram of the band's name.
 Black Out the Sun is the ninth studio album by the American metal band Sevendust released on March 26 2013.
 Kolczyn [ˈkɔlt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą within Opole Lubelskie County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Józefów nad Wisłą 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Opole Lubelskie and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin.
 The Roses of the Desert (Italian: Le rose del deserto) is an Italian film released in 2006. It was directed by Mario Monicelli and was loosely inspired by the romance Il deserto della Libia of Mario Tobino.
 Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād; also known as Qarah Qūzī) is a village in Esperan Rural District in the Central District of Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 50 families.
 This article is about the standard chronicle of Konbaung Dynasty. See Glass Palace Chronicle for the article on the English translation of the chronicle.Hmannan Maha Yazawindawgyi (Burmese: မှန်နန်း မဟာ ရာဇဝင်တော်ကြီး pronounced: [m̥àɴnáɴ məhà jàzəwɪ̀ɴdɔ̀dʑí]; commonly Hmannan Yazawin; known in English as the Glass Palace Chronicle) is the first official chronicle of Konbaung Dynasty of Burma (Myanmar). It was compiled by the Royal Historical Commission between 1829 and 1832.
 La Fausse Suivante or Le Fourbe Puni is a play by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux written in 1724 and produced for the first time by the Comédie-Italienneon the July 8 1724 at the theatre of the Hôtel de Bourgogne.The themes of the play are seduction money power cross-dressing. The main male character is a manipulative libertine who promises marriage to a rich countess for her fortune.
 The White-vented Shama (Copsychus niger) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.
 Taft House is a historic home located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1908 and is a light wood-frame dwelling consisting of a 2 1⁄2-story gable-fronted main block and a 1-story rear kitchen wing on a limestone foundation. Also on the property is a heavy wood-frame gable front carriage barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 My 20th Century (Hungarian: Az én XX. századom) is a 1989 Hungarian comedy-drama film written and directed by Ildikó Enyedi. It premiered at the Toronto Film Festival. Enyedi won the Golden Camera award at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.
 13 Colorful Character (⑬カラフルキャラクター Jūsan Karafuru Kyarakuta) is the thirteenth studio album by the Japanese girl group Morning Musume. It was released on September 12 2012.
 The Pârâul Roșu River is a tributary of the Novăţ River in Romania.
 Düsedieksbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Flirting With Fate is a 2012 novel conceived by Pinaki Chaudhuri written and edited by Indian author and Freelance Editor Writer Preeti Singh. The book was released on Saturday 14 July 2012 by Writer Vivek Atray at CII in Chandigarh.
 Choapa River or El Río Choapa is a river of Chile located in the Coquimbo Region. The river rises in the Andes at the confluence of the streams Totoral Leiva and Del Valle. The river then flows through the town of Salamanca before it meets with its main tributary the Illapel River. The Choapa then empties into the Pacific Ocean in the vicinity of Huentelauquén Cove about 35 km north of Los Vilos.The major settlement along the river is Salamanca.
 Exit Paradise is the fourth and final studio release by the San Francisco Bay area thrash metal band Epidemic. This was also the only recording where the band played as a four-piece group after the departure of guitarist Guy Higbey.The album features clear Death metal influences as marked by the use of distorted guitars and the change in Carl Fulli's vocal style.
 Caerulea is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Hard Core Logo is a 1996 Canadian mockumentary adapted by Noel Baker from the novel of the same name by author Michael Turner. Director Bruce McDonald illustrates the self-destruction of punk rock. Released in 1996 the film documents a once-popular punk band Hard Core Logo which is composed of lead singer Joe Dick (Hugh Dillon) fame-tempted guitarist Billy Tallent (Callum Keith Rennie) schizophrenic bass player John Oxenberger (John Pyper-Ferguson) and drummer Pipefitter (Bernie Coulson).
 Cringle Moor is the third highest hill in the North York Moors and the highest point west of Clay Bank.The hill is crossed by the Cleveland Way National Trail and is a part of Wainwrights Coast to Coast Walk which also passes over the neighbouring tops of Cold Moor Carlton Moor Live Moor and Hasty Bank—a section of the walk which Wainwright describes as 'one of the finest'. It is also part of the Lyke Wake Walk.
 Aga-Mirza-Obasi is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 The Allakh-Yun (Russian: Аллах-Юнь) is a river in Sakha Republic and Khabarovsk Krai Russia. It is a right tributary of the Aldan River.
 Dansville Library is a historic library located at Dansville in Livingston County New York. It is a large two story Neoclassical style frame structure. It is dramatically enhanced by a pedimented giant portico covering its full width. The portico features four Doric columns an elaborate frieze with triglyphs and rosettes a modillion cornice and a semi-ellipical fan decoration in the cornice. The earliest section was built in 1823 as a private home for Joshua Shepard (1780–1829).
 Lisa Brown (born March 6 1960) was named by Barack Obama's office of presidential transition to serve in the Obama Administration as Staff Secretary assuming that post on January 20 2009 where she is responsible for managing the flow of information advice and decision-making between staff members and the President. During the transition she served as Co-Chair of Agency Review in the Obama-Biden Transition.
 Halifax Historic District is a historic district in Halifax North Carolina that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. It includes several buildings that are individually listed on the National Register.
 Jacques Santer (born 18 May 1937 in Wasserbillig) is a Luxembourg politician.He was finance minister of Luxembourg from 1979 until 1989 and the 22nd Prime Minister of Luxembourg from 1984 to 1995 as a member of the Christian Social People's Party which has been the leading party in the Luxembourg government since 1979. As Prime Minister of Luxembourg he also led the negotiations on the Single European Act which effectively set aside the 20-year-old Luxembourg Compromise.
 Losers Kings and Things We Don't Understand is a compilation album by Less Than Jake released on No Idea Records in 1995.The album itself is a compilation of every previous Less Than Jake release apart from their debut album Pezcore.
 Radęca (or Rdęca) is a river in western Poland a tributary of the Orla. It meets the Orla at Jutrosin where it is dammed to create Zbiornik Justrosin (Lake Justrosin) just north of the town and above the confluence.
 Ghashiram Kotwal is a Marathi play written by playwright Vijay Tendulkar in 1972 as a response to the rise of a local political party Shiv Sena in Maharashta. The play is a political satire written as historical drama. Based on the life of Nana Phadnavis (1741–1800) one of the prominent ministers in the court of the Peshwa of Pune. Its theme is how men in power give rise to ideologies to serve their purposes and later destroy them when they become useless.
 Forever is the nineteenth studio album by the funk band Kool and the Gang released in 1986. The album included a pair of top ten singles on both the Hot 100 Charts and the R&B Charts with Victory (R&B #2 Pop #10) and Stone Love (R&B #4 Pop #10).
 April in Paris is a 1957 jazz album by Count Basie. Released on the Verve label it was recorded in 1955 and 1956. The album is one of the first to include an arrangement by Neal Hefti who would go on to write many of the Basie band's most acclaimed songs including many on the Atomic Basie album.
 Cushing House (formerly called Cushing Hall) is a four-story co-ed dormitory on Vassar College's campus in the town of Poughkeepsie New York. A response to freshmen overcrowding the college's Board of Trustees hurried the Allen & Collens-designed building named for college librarian and alumna trustee Florence M. Cushing to construction and completion in 1927.
 Lunar Paraphrase is a poem from the second (1931) edition ofWallace Stevens's first book of poetryHarmonium. One of Stevens'swar poems from Lettres d'un Soldat (1918) it is in the publicdomain.The poem makes use of a late autumn night to express a mood. It appropriates Christian images in a manner that is consistent with a naturalism that disclaims religious belief.
 Hitler (1962) is a black and white U.S. made film (that was later re-released with the title Women of Nazi Germany). The film stars Richard Basehart in the title role of Adolf Hitler. Cordula Trantow stars as Geli Raubal and Maria Emo as Eva Braun. John Banner stars as Gregor Strasser.
 Grace Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at 625 Connable Street in Petoskey Michigan.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 Miletus is a genus of butterfly. The members (species] are found in the Eastern Palearctic ecozone the Indomalaya ecozone and some stray east of the Wallace line. The genus was erected by Jacob Hübner in [1819] (precise year uncertain).Miletus is the type genus of the subfamily Miletinae.
 Septimus Heap: The Magykal Papers is a supplementary book to the Septimus Heap series. Released on July 2009 the book is divided into four sections dealing with The Castle The Palace The Wizard Tower and the other parts of the Septimus Heap world. It consists of biographies of the main characters their journals and notes and other items.
 The Purple-headed Starling (Lamprotornis purpureiceps) also known as the Purple-headed Glossy-starling is a species of starling in the Sturnidae family.
 Gifts of Unknown Things: A True Story of Nature Healing and Initiation from Indonesia's Dancing Island (1976 ISBN 0-671-22632-0) is a book by Lyall Watson. It recounts a true adventure; washed onto a remote island in Indonesia he is greeted by local people who have a strong and mystic culture and a fascinatingly unique comprehension of colour sound and movement.Jim Capaldi's song Gifts of Unknown Things from his album Fierce Heart was inspired by the book.
 Guy Ferri (July 7 1922 – 1991) was a United States diplomat and United Nations official who served as a State Department foreign service officer from 1954–1972 and as the deputy representative of the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations from 1972 to 1983.
 Tramways & Urban Transit (TAUT or T&UT) also known as Modern Tramway is a British monthly magazine about tramways and light rail transport published continuously since 1938. Its content is orientated both to tramway enthusiasts and to persons working in the tram transport field or studying tramways. It has been issued monthly from the beginning.
 Recilia hesperidum is a species of bugs from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to Cape Verde.
 Bolborhynchus is a genus of parrot in the Psittacidae family. It contains the following species: Andean Parakeet Bolborhynchus orbygnesius Barred Parakeet Bolborhynchus lineola Rufous-fronted Parakeet Bolborhynchus ferrugineifrons
 Rare Breed is the 12th album released by MC Breed. It was released on February 8 2000 for Albatross Records and was produced by MC Breed Jazze Pha and Chuck Nyce.
 István Nagy (born January 1 1954) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz Budapest Regional List since 2010. He was also a Member of Parliament from the party's National List from 2006 to 2010.Nagy is a member of the Committee on Employment and Labour since May 30 2006.
 Hollywood High is a 2003 documentary television film about the depiction of drug addiction in film. It was directed by Bruce Sinofsky and features appearances by Darren Aronofsky Jared Leto and Hubert Selby Jr.
 The Tollense (German pronunciation: [tɔˈlɛnzə]) is a river in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in northeastern Germany right tributary of the Peene. The river starts as the outflow of the lake Tollensesee in Neubrandenburg. The Tollense is 68 km long and empties into the river Peene in Demmin.
 Funky Miracle is a compilation album from the funk group The Meters on the Charly Records label containing re-issued material mainly from their first three albums with Josie Records: The Meters (1969) Look-Ka Py Py (1970) and Struttin' (1970). In fact 35 of the 36 tracks from these albums are present on Funky Miracle with only Wichita Lineman from Struttin' missing.
 The Cuca River is a headwater of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 Ronald L. Rice (born December 18 1945) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey State Senate since 1986 where he represents the 28th Legislative District. While serving in the Senate Rice has held a variety of different leadership roles including Associate Minority Leader (1998-2001) Assistant Deputy Minority Leader (1994-1997) and Assistant Majority Leader (1990-1991). His son Ronald C. Rice is a city councilman in Newark New Jersey.
 Mina alla Bussola dal vivo is Italian singer Mina's first live album.Mina was the first Italian woman to record a live album during her performance at the Bussola a popular night club in Marina di Pietrasanta Versilia Tuscany Italy. She recorded this live in occasion of tenth year of her smashing career.
 Lac de Bareilles is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. The lake can be reached by foot from the village of Bareilles in 30 minutes.
 Taurotragus is a genus of antelopes of the African savanna which are commonly known as Elands. It contains two species: the Common Eland and the Giant Eland. Elands are the largest African antelopes. Males range in size from 600 to 800 kg (1300 to 1800 lb) and may even reach a ton on rare occasions; females range from 400 to 600 kg (880 to 1320 lb).The meat of the eland contains more protein than cattle meat and less fat and eland milk has a very high calcium level.
 Seongsusan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 1059 metres.
 Live At Madison Square Garden 1978 is a concert video and an album by English rock band Jethro Tull released in 2009. It was recorded on October 09 1978 at Madison Square Garden in New York City.50 minutes of the performance were broadcast live via satellite on the BBC's Old Grey Whistle Test.
 The Greater Key is a compilation of remixes of recordings of the electro-industrial band Asmodeus X. It was released in North America through Next-Gen Records on July 11 2008. This two-disc style release contained 20 tracks one of which was a re-release and a second track that was a new release by the band entitled Wewelsburg 2. A 21st track was unreleased.
 Mobile Computing and Communications Review (MC2R) is a peer-reviewed quarterly scientific journal and newsletter published by the ACM SIGMOBILE covering mobile computing and networking. The purpose of the journal is the rapid publication of completed or in-progress technical work including articles dealing with both research and practice. The journal also covers the status of major international standards in the field and news of conferences and other events.
 Young Celts is a 2008 studio album by Scottish brother band The MacDonald Brothers who were contestants on The X Factor. The album was released on 13 October 2008.
 Canoe Creek is a 33.2-mile-long (53.4 km) tributary of the Upper Iowa River. It rises in Burr Oak Township in Winneshiek County Iowa. North Canoe Creek rises in Hesper Township meeting the main stream in Canoe Township. Canoe Creek continues through Pleasant Township to enter the Upper Iowa just into Allamakee County in Hanover Township in the state-maintained Canoe Creek Wildlife Management Area.
 Morrissey ridge is a mountain range of the Border Ranges located south-east of Fernie.
 Senecan tragedy is a body of ten 1st century (A. D.) dramas of which eight were written by the Roman Stoic philosopher and politician L. Annaeus Seneca (Seneca the Younger). Rediscovered by Italian humanists in the mid-16th century they became the models for the revival of tragedy on the Renaissance stage. The two great but very different dramatic traditions of the age—French neoclassical tragedy and Elizabethan tragedy—both drew inspiration from Seneca.
 Dartut (Persian: دارتوت‎ also Romanized as Dārtūt) is a village in Shabab Rural District in the Shabab District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 22 families.
 Seeing (Portuguese: Ensaio sobre a Lucidez lit. Essay on Lucidity) is a novel by Nobel Prize-winning Portuguese author José Saramago. It was published in Portuguese in 2004 and in English in 2006. It is a sequel to one of his most famous works Blindness.
 Jamune Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8326 people living in 1570 individual households.Jamune Village Development Committee is mostly popular for oranges. Lots of people are involved in orange farming.
 Savar-e Bala (Persian: سواربالا‎ also Romanized as Savār-e Bālā; also known as Savār) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District Pishkamar District Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 62 families.
 The Hușnița River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
 Donna Reed Miller is a Democratic politician and former Councilwoman representing the Eighth District on the City Council of Philadelphia Pennsylvania USA. She served from 1996 to 2012.
 St. James Memorial Church of Eatontown is a historic church at 69 Broad Street in Eatontown Monmouth County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 Live at XM is an EP by Wheatus released on 15 December 2004 and exclusively available at Apple's iTunes Store. It features five songs from a live performance that was part of an hour-long Wheatus special broadcast by XM Satellite Radio. The song 'Lemonade' on the EP was dedicated to Brendan B. Brown's neighbors.
 Çağlayan is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Hawthorne Bomb Plot is a Formerly Used Defense Site that had a Strategic Air Command (SAC) AUTOTRACK radar station during the Cold War.
 Rory Vincent Ellinger (June 13 1941 – April 9 2014) was an American lawyer and politician. Ellinger was born in St. Louis Missouri. He served as the Representative for Pagedale University City and Wellston in St. Louis County (District 86) in the Missouri House of Representatives. He was elected to his first two-year term in November 2010 on the Democratic Party ticket.
 The Bougainville Photoplay Project is a verbatim play by Paul Dwyer and Version 1.0. It is published by Currency Press.
 Grand Lake is a lake in the Ottawa River drainage basin in the Unorganized West Part of Timiskaming District in Northeastern Ontario Canada.The lake is 1.2 kilometres (0.7 mi) long and 0.4 kilometres (0.2 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 340 metres (1115 ft) about 15 kilometres (9 mi) south west of the community of Gowganda.
 Biston perclara is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan and Japan.
 Llyn Gwernan is a lake in Gwynedd Wales and an important geological site notable for an unusual thickness of Devensian Late-glacial organic deposits.
 Arundel Friary was a friary in West Sussex England.
 Chicoreus jessicae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 San Andrés is a village located on the island of Tenerife in the Canary Islands (Spain). It is located on the coast at the foot of the Anaga mountains 7 km northeast of the capital city Santa Cruz de Tenerife. It is administratively part of the municipality of Santa Cruz de Tenerife. San Andrés is one of the oldest villages of the Canary Islands and was founded around 1497.
 The Río Limón is a river of Puerto Rico. It flows into Lago Dos Bocas a reservoir.
 Walter Oliver Bigby Sr. (April 10 1927 – January 2 1980) was a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Bossier Parish having served from 1968 until 1979. Often called the Dean of the House because of his reputation for integrity fairness and hard work Bigby was a son-in-law of banker and former State Senator V. V. Whittington of Benton the seat of Bossier Parish.
 Storm of the Horde is the debut album by the Dutch death metal band Katafalk. It was released in 2003 by Cold Blood Industries.
 Hungry for Stink is the fourth album by the Los Angeles grunge band L7. The title is taken from a personal ad that was seen by one of the band members shortly before the album was released.[citation needed] It was released in July 1994 during their Lollapalooza tour. Musically the album is heavier than the band's previous work marking the culmination of their progression from a largely punk to metal sound.
 Peosina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Kate Murray (born October 9 1962) is the Supervisor of the Town of Hempstead New York United States. Murray is the first woman to be elected supervisor since the position was created in 1918.
 James O. Whelan Jr. is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He is a native of Petersburg Virginia.He was first elected May 21 1974.
 Innocence Surround is the debut release by American metalcore band Confide released in June 2005. Only one of the members of this release was still part of the band until the time of Confide's break-up which was Jeffrey Helberg. Aside from this Helberg and two other Confide members (William Billy Pruden and Aaron Van Zuthpen) that played on this release stayed a part of the band up until the Shout the Truth recording.
 Kuzie [ˈkuʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesław within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Bolesław 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 The Traveller's Baggage is a novel by Nobel Prize-winning author José Saramago. It was first published in 1973.
 The Nordenskjöld (Spanish: Lago Nordenskjöld or Lago Nordenskiöld) is a lake located in Torres del Paine National Park in the Magallanes Region southern Chile. The lake is named after the Swede Otto Nordenskiöld who discovered the lake in the beginning of the 20th century. The outfall of Nordenskjöld Lake consists of a waterfall known as Salto Grande. At this western end of the lake on the southern side is an abundance of wildlife including wild grazing Guanaco.
 Kania Mała [ˈkaɲa ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Chociwel 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Ghazanfarkhani (Persian: غضنفرخاني‎ also Romanized as Ghaẕanfarkhānī; also known as Eslāmābād and Qal‘eh-ye Ghaẕanfarkhānī) is a village in Kakan Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 33 families.
 The Kisenyi forest tree frog Leptopelis kivuensis is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family found in Burundi the Democratic Republic of the Congo Rwanda and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical swamps subtropical or tropical moist montane forests swamps and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Shahriar Kandeh (Persian: شهرياركنده‎ also Romanized as Shahrīār Kandeh) is a village in Miandorud-e Bozorg Rural District in the Central District of Miandorud County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1464 in 391 families.
 Smaridiidae is a family of mites belonging to the order Trombidiformes. These large predatory mites have long oval bodies distinctively pointed in front. They are usually red and densely hairy with slender legs sometimes very long. They have either one or two pairs of eyes.
 The Orland P. Bassett House also known as the American Beauty House is a historic Colonial Revival residence in Hinsdale Illinois.
 The Racetrack mountain area is an area from which all precipitation drains towards the Racetrack Playa.
 Black Roots is the fourth feature-length film produced and directed by American independent filmmaker Lionel Rogosin. The film gathers a number of African American folk and blues musicians in a room where they share stories and songs about the black experience in America.
 Mary L. Padula is a former politician who represented the Second Worcester and Middlesex District in the Massachusetts Senate from 1983 to 1991 and served as Massachusetts' Secretary of Housing & Community Development from 1991 until the post was eliminated in 1996.Prior to serving the Senate Padula was the executive secretary for the town of Lunenburg Massachusetts from 1953 to 1983.
 The Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church and its Liturgical Museum can be found in the Downtown of Miskolc (7 Deák square.)The church was built between 1785 and 1806 in Zopf style. Its furniture is also in Zopf style from the late 18th century. It is a listed historic monument. The church houses one the largest iconostases in Europe[citation needed] (16 m high with 88 pictures of the life of Jesus).
 Things Go Better with RJ and AL is the second full-length album by hip hop duo Soul Position. It was released on March 14 2006 on Rhymesayers Entertainment.
 Days of Despair by Rajiva Wijesinha is a darker sequel to the author's political comedy Acts of Faith which came out in the early years of the racial and political strife in Sri Lanka.
 Daniel-Jérémie Décarie (March 20 1836 – October 30 1904) was a Canadian politician.Born in Montreal the son of Jérémie Descary and Apolline Gougeon Décarie was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for the electoral district of Hochelaga in 1897. A Liberal he was re-elected without opposition in 1900. He died in office in 1904. His son Jérémie-Louis Décarie was also a Quebec MLA.
 Amydria dyarella is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in North America including Alabama Arkansas Florida Indiana Kentucky Louisiana Maryland Mississippi North Carolina Ohio Texas and West Virginia.
 Red Velvet Car is the fourteenth studio album by US hard rock band Heart released worldwide on August 31 2010 by Legacy Recordings. It peaked at #10 on the US Billboard 200 and at #3 on the US Rock Albums chart making it their first top 10 hit album in 20 years since 1990's Brigade.
 Splendours of Royal Mysore — The Untold Story of the Wodeyars is a book written by Vikram Sampath. The book chronicles the history of the Wodeyar dynasty that ruled the Kingdom of MysoreIt was the summer of AD 1399 that disaster struck a small principality of southern India. Mahisuru which later went on to become Mysore had lost its chieftain and was vulnerable to the machinations of a cunning upstart.
 This article is about the novel. For the film adaptations see Atlas Shrugged: Part I Atlas Shrugged: Part II or Atlas Shrugged: Part III.Atlas Shrugged is a 1957 novel by Ayn Rand. Rand's fourth and last novel it was also her longest and the one she considered to be her magnum opus in the realm of fiction writing.
 Hotel Berlin is a drama film set in Berlin near the close of World War II made by Warner Bros. in late 1944 to early 1945. Directed by Peter Godfrey it stars Faye Emerson Helmut Dantine Raymond Massey and Andrea King.It has aspects of propaganda in that Allied leaders are praised. At the conclusion of the film several Nazis are planning to escape to South America.
 Łomno [ˈwɔmnɔ] (German: Lomno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 The Chapel of Kambal na Krus (Filipino: Kapilya ng Kambal na Krus) is a Community Chapel located at Raxabago St Tondo Manila Philippines. Kambal na Krus is under the administration of St. Joseph de Gagalangin Parish with its parish priest Rev. Fr. Nestor M. Gungon Kambal na Krus Chapel scopes 6 Barangays. Its Feast Day is celebrated during the Third Sunday Of March.
 The Weird: A Compendium of Strange and Dark Stories is an anthology of weird fiction edited by Ann and Jeff VanderMeer. Published on 8 May 2012 it contains 110 short stories novellas and short novels. At 1152 pages in the hardcover edition it is probably the largest single volume of fantastic fiction ever published according to Locus.
 Krasna Dąbrowa [ˈkrasna dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ross Finnie (born 11 February 1947 Greenock) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician and former Member of the Scottish Parliament. He is a former Minister for the Environment and Rural Development in the Scottish Executive and Member of the Scottish Parliament for the West of Scotland region. He became an MSP in the first elections to the Scottish Parliament in 1999 and held the same ministerial portfolio until May 2007.
 Kuhle Wampe (full title: Kuhle Wampe oder: Wem gehört die Welt? released in English as Kuhle Wampe or Who Owns the World?) is a 1932 German feature film about unemployment and left wing politics in the Weimar Republic. The script was conceived and written by Bertolt Brecht. He also directed the concluding scene: a political debate between strangers on a train about the world coffee market. The rest of the film was directed by Slatan Dudow. The film music was composed by Hanns Eisler.
 The International Journal of Fracture is a scientific journal focused on fracture in materials science. Founded in 1965 it is published by Springer. The journal publishes original analytical numerical and experimental contributions which provide improved understanding of the mechanisms of micro and macro fracture in all materials and their engineering implications. The journal has an impact factor of 1.147 (2008)
 Bathyfautor coriolis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Kawęczyn [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kawęczyn. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Turek and 123 km (76 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Ceratopsidae (sometimes spelled Ceratopidae) is a speciose group of marginocephalian dinosaurs including Triceratops and Styracosaurus. All known species were quadrupedal herbivores from the Upper Cretaceous mainly of Western North America (though Sinoceratops is known from Asia) and are characterized by beaks rows of shearing teeth in the back of the jaw and elaborate horns and frills. The group is divided into two subfamilies.
 Binnein Mòr is the highest peak in the Mamores the range of mountains between Glen Nevis and Loch Leven in the Highlands of Scotland and lies five kilometres north north-east of Kinlochleven. The pyramidal summit of Binnein Mòr lies above the uninhabited upper section of Glen Nevis north of the main Mamores ridge. To the south a short narrow ridge links to the main ridge at an unnamed 1062 m subsidiary top listed in Munro's Tables as Binnein Mòr south top.
 The Petrimanu River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Navagraha is Indian Kannada movie directed by Dinakar starring Darshan and Sharmila Mandre. It is a heist movie.
 Khirbat al-Muntar was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War by Palmach's First Battalion and 'Oded Brigade of Operation Yiftach after resistance by the Syrian Army. It was located 8.5 km east of Safad.In the 19th century Turkish and Kurdish nomads occupied the village.
 The Biertan River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Catacombs of the Black Vatican is the ninth studio album by heavy metal band Black Label Society. The album was released on April 8 2014. It is the first Black Label Society album to feature former Breaking Benjamin drummer Chad Szeliga after fill-in Mike Froedge departed the band. Froedge himself replaced Will Hunt who in turn replaced longtime drummer Craig Nunenmacher all in the span of less than two years.
 Andrew D. Hevesi (born 1974) is a Democratic member of the New York State Assembly representing the 28th Assembly District which includes Forest Hills Rego Park Richmond Hill Glendale Kew Gardens Ridgewood and Middle Village.
 Anolis conspersus also known as the Cayman blue-throated anole is a species of anole found on the Cayman Islands.
 The Long Island Museum of American Art History and Carriages informally known as the Long Island Museum is an open air museum located in Stony Brook New York. Founded in 1939 as the Museums at Stony Brook it changed its name in 2000. It is known for its collection of over 200 carriages and its extensive collection of work by the Hudson River School painter William Sidney Mount and over 4000 other paintings sculptures and prints. In 2006 it became a Smithsonian affiliate.
 The Danville News is a newspaper published in Danville Pennsylvania.The publication is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. a company founded in 1997 by Ralph Martin. CNHI newspapers are clustered in groups that cross-sell packages to advertisers and occasionally feature editorial content written by a regional reporter working directly for CNHI.
 Kahriz (Persian: كهريز‎ also Romanized as Kahrīz) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2553 in 560 families.
 Flight of Eagles is a novel by Jack Higgins set in World War II.
 Eslamabad-e Chahar Gavareh (Persian: اسلام ابادچهارگواره‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Chahār Gavāreh; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 573 in 149 families.
 Per Schlingmann ([ˈʃliŋman]; born 16 October 1970 in Borås) was the party secretary of the Swedish Moderate Party between 28 September 2006 and 1 October 2010 (succeeding Sven Otto Littorin) and a prominent figure in its political reorientation following the 2002 election defeat and leading to its 2006 election success. From 11 October 2010 to 24 May 2012 Sclingmann served as State Secreterary for Communications to the Prime Minister.
 Centrostephanus besnardi is a species of sea urchins of the Family Diadematidae. Their armour is covered with spines. Centrostephanus besnardi was first scientifically described in 1955 by Bernasconi.
 Mercury City Tower (Russian: Меркурий Сити Тауэр) is a 75-story skyscraper currently under construction in Moscow. Located in the Moscow International Business Center construction started in 2009. The building topped-out at 338.8 m (1112 ft) on 1 November 2012 overtaking The Shard in London as Europe's tallest building.
 The Flowering is a live album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd performed in France and Norway by the Charles Lloyd Quartet featuring Keith Jarrett Cecil McBee and Jack DeJohnette.
 Lexell is a lunar crater that lies across the southeastern rim of the huge walled plain Deslandres in the southern part of the Moon. To the northeast is the walled plain Walther and to the south is Orontius another walled plain.This is a somewhat irregular formation with a wide break in the northern rim. The western rim forms a low arcing wall and is overlain to the southwest by Lexell H after passing the rim of Deslandres.
 The Epic Level Handbook is a rule-book by Wizards of the Coast for the 3rd edition of Dungeons & Dragons. The book was published in 2001 and contains optional game rules for playing characters who have reached a higher experience level than is allowed for in the standard rules. This is referred to in the book as epic level play.
 West Little Owyhee River is a 63.1-mile-long (101.5 km) tributary of the Owyhee River in the U.S. state of Oregon. The source of the river is at an elevation of 6508 feet (1984 m) near McDermitt while the mouth is at an elevation of 4373 feet (1333 m) in the Owyhee Desert. West Little Owyhee River has a 310-square-mile (800 km2) watershed.The river begins east of McDermitt and flows east by Deer Flat and into Louse Canyon.
 Claudio Teehankee PLH (April 18 1918 - November 27 1989) was the 16th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. He was also the most senior associate justice and chairman of the First Division of the Supreme Court of the Philippines.
 Coleophora triflua is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Deh Kohneh-e Mazdak (Persian: ده كهنه مزدك‎) is a village in Sarrud-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 838 in 202 families.
 Mont Shefford is a Monteregian Hill located in Shefford in the Montérégie region of Quebec Canada.Mont Shefford is 526 metres (1726 ft) tall and is home to the Ski Shefford ski resort.
 Spoilt Rotten: The Toxic Cult of Sentimentality (subtitle in US editions: How Britain is Ruined by Its Children) is a book by the British writer and retired doctor and psychiatrist Theodore Dalrymple originally published in 2010. Polemical in nature the book contends that sentimentality has become culturally entrenched in British society with harmful consequences.
 The Agârcia River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Ebalia tumefacta sometimes called Bryer's nut crab is a species of crab in the family Leucosiidae.
 Hamzehabad-e Olya (Persian: حمزه ابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Ḩamzehābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Ḩamzehābād-e Bālā) is a village in Lahijan-e Gharbi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 21 families.
 Stanisławka [staniˈswafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitno within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sitno 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Zamość and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 The Anachii River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Vitolište is a village in the Prilep Municipality of Macedonia. Its FIPS code was MKB5. It is the largest village in the Mariovo region.
 Narhar is an ancient town situated in Jhunjhunu district in Rajasthan India. It is Located at a distance of . The people pour forth from all over the country on the famous Fair of the Janama Ashthami. It is an emblem of National integrity.
 Craugastor cruzi is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.It is endemic to Honduras.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and intermittent rivers.
 Apaporis (also known as Apaporis En Busca del Rio or Apaporis: In Search of One River or In Search of One River) is a Colombian documentary film directed by Antonio Dorado. The movie was produced by Antonio Dorado Juan Carlos Paredes and Omar Dorado. It opened theatrically in New York City on July 30 2010 and opens in Los Angeles on August 6 2010 at the 14th Annual DocuWeeks.
 Pallavarayankaddu Aru is a river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. The river rises in western Mullaitivu District before flowing north-west through Mullaitivu District and Kilinochchi District. The river empties into Palk Bay.
 The Xinxim River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Major General Chamlong Srimuang (Thai: จำลอง ศรีเมือง born 5 July 1935) is a Thai activist and former politician. A former general he was a leader of the Young Turks military clique founded and led the Palang Dharma Party served for six years as governor of Bangkok led the anti-military uprising of May 1992 and is a prominent member of the People's Alliance for Democracy a group strongly opposed to former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra.
 Kirk Franklin & the Family Christmas is a studio album by Kirk Franklin.
 Dactyloscopus byersi the Notchtail stargazer is a species of sand stargazer native to the Pacific coast of Mexico to Panama where it can be found at depths of from 0 to 2 metres (0.0 to 6.6 ft). It can reach a maximum length of 5 centimetres (2.0 in) NG.
 Musquash Lake is a lake of Yarmouth District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Destination Hitchcock: The Making of North by Northwest is a 2000 documentary film about the making of Alfred Hitchcock's classic thriller film North by Northwest. It is hosted and narrated by the film's female lead Eva Marie Saint and features interviews with Hitchcock's daughter several of the technical and behind-the-scenes people involved with the production of the film and the main surviving actor Martin Landau.
 Canso is a Martian crater. It lies about 450 kilometres west of the Viking 1 lander slightly northeast of Lunae Planum and west of Chryse Planitia in the Lunae Palus quadrangle. The crater is named after Canso a fishing town in Nova Scotia. The name was officially adopted in 1988 by the International Astronomical Union's Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature (IAU/WGPSN).
 L=A=N=G=U=A=G=E was an avant garde poetry magazine edited by Charles Bernstein and Bruce Andrews that ran thirteen issues from 1978 to 1981. Along with This (journal)[citation needed] it is the magazine most often referenced as the breeding ground for the group of writers who became known as the Language poets
 Przygodzice [pʂɨɡɔˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ] is a village in Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Przygodzice. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of the town of Ostrów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 3000.
 Titius is a lunar crater that is located on the Moon's far side beyond the eastern limb. It lies to the west of the Lacus Solitudinis a small lunar mare. Less than a crater diameter to the north east is the crater Bowditch and farther to the southwest is Donner.The rim of this crater has been nearly ruined by subsequent impacts leaving only the northern and northeast parts relatively intact.
 Çekalan is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 The Rapture is the 11th and final studio album by Siouxsie and the Banshees. The songs with cello arrangements including the title track plus Fall from Grace and Not Forgotten were produced by the band on their own in 1993. John Cale later produced the remaining songs in mid-1994.
 Fish Lake (also Murphy Lake) is a lake in Marion County Oregon United States. Fish Lake lies at an elevation of 4265 feet (1300 m).
 Blood Oath is a 1990 Australian feature film known in some countries as Prisoners of the Sun. The film is based on the real-life trial of Japanese soldiers for war crimes committed against Allied prisoners of war on the island of Ambon in the Netherlands East Indies (Indonesia) such as the Laha massacre of 1942.It was directed by Stephen Wallace and co-written by Denis Whitburn and Brian A. Williams.
 Ottumwa Young Women's Christian Association is an historic structure located in Ottumwa Iowa United States. The Renaissance Revival building was built in 1924. The three-story brick structure features round arch openings on the first floor and windows that diminish in size on the upper floors. The interior features terrazzo floors and oak woodwork that exhibits an American Craftsman influence. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Karim Kawar is the former ambassador to the United States from Jordan where he served under the title of Ambassador extraordinary and plenipotentiary of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan to the United States of America and the Republic of Mexico from July 2002 until January 2007. Kawar was one of the youngest of Jordan's ambassadors who at the time of his appointment had been involved in developing Jordan's information and communications technology sector.
 The Bridge in Shaler Township which carries Birchfield Road over Pine Creek is a single span stone arch bridge in Allegheny County Pennsylvania built in 1915. The bridge is a high quality ashlar construction with the single span covering 63 feet. Stone arch bridges are rare in western Pennsylvania.The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 22 1988.
 Cricou River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 C. Madhava Reddy is an Indian politician and was Member of Parliament of India. He was a member of the 1st and 8th Lok Sabhas. Reddy represented the Adilabad constituency of Andhra Pradesh and is a member of the Telugu Desam Party political party.
 The Northwestern Ontario Sports Hall of Fame established in 1978 in Thunder Bay Ontario Canada is dedicated to the people of Northwestern Ontario who have achieved greatness in any kind of sport.It is located on 219 South May Street in Downtown Fort William.
 Ancient Maya: The Rise and Fall of a Rainforest Civilization (2004) an archaeological book written about the ancient Maya civilization. It was written by Arthur Demarest Ingram Professor of Anthropology at Vanderbilt University Tennessee.The book discusses the complex lifestyle and volatile political history of the Maya states from the first to eighth centuries. It also gives an explanation of the mystery of the ninth-century abandonment of most of the great rainforest cities.
 Full Service: My Adventures in Hollywood and the Secret Sex Lives of the Stars is a tell all book about the sex lives of Hollywood stars from the late 1940s to the early 1980s by Scotty Bowers with Lionel Friedberg as a contributing author. In the book Bowers makes many claims about the sex lives of many people most of whom were associated with the Hollywood movie industry during that period.
 Gzin [ɡʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Dąbrowa Chełmińska 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Toruń.The village has a population of 450.
 Anarak-e Sofla (Persian: انارك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Anārak-e Soflá; also known as Anārak and Anārak-e Avval) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 9 families.
 Ameerega braccata formerly Epipedobates braccatus is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Juice is a well known German hip hop magazine and the biggest of its kind in Europe. In every issue readers find interviews with rappers and record reviews.
 The Day a Pig Fell Into the Well (돼지가 우물에 빠진 날 Daijiga umule pajinnal) is a 1996 Korean drama film and the directorial debut of Hong Sang-soo. It stars Bang Eun-hee Cho Eun-sook Park Jin-song Lee Eung-kyung and Kim Eui-sung. It was also the feature film debut of Song Kang-ho. The title derives from a 1954 book by John Cheever.Hong earned the Best Director award at the Korean Blue Dragon Film Awards for his work as well as awards at Rotterdam and Vancouver.
 Wprost (Polish pronunciation: [ˈfprɔst] Direct) is an Polish-language weekly newsmagazine published in Poland.
 Fusinus undatus common name Legrand's/Wavy Spindle is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The zebra duiker (Cephalophus zebra) is a small antelope found primarily in Liberia as well as the Ivory Coast Sierra Leone and occasionally Guinea. They are sometimes referred to as the banded duiker or striped-back duiker. It is believed to be one of the earliest duiker species to have evolved.Appearance:Zebra duikers have gold or red-brown coats with 12-16 distinctive zebra-like stripes dark markings on their upper legs and russet faces.
 All the People Said Amen is the first compilation album by CCM recording artist Matt Maher released on April 23 2013. It is his fourth album with Essential Records which this marks the seventh album for his career. The album was produced by Matt Maher and Paul Moak.
 Koshlong Lake is a lake in the municipalities of Highlands East and Dysart et al Haliburton County in Central Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin.Most of the lake is in geographic Glamorgan Township in Highlands East; only the very northwest tip is in geographic Dysart Township in Dysart et al.The primary inflow at the east is Koshlong Creek.
 John Pippy (born December 12 1970 in Ubon Thailand) is an American politician from the U.S. State of Pennsylvania. He is a member of the Republican Party and served in the Pennsylvania State Senate.
 Witch Doctor is a US comic book created by writer Brandon Seifert and artist Lukas Ketner. It was the first title published by Skybound Entertainment an imprint of Image Comics. As of early 2013 Witch Doctor consists of a four-issue mini-series an issue #0 printed as a flipbook with The Walking Dead #85 a one-shot subtitled Witch Doctor: The Resuscitation and a second six-issue mini-series entitled Witch Doctor: Mal Practice which debuted in November 2012.
 Spider's Web is a 1954 play by crime writer Agatha Christie.
 İmamlar Bartın is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 183 people.
 Sadamitsu the Destroyer (破壊魔定光 Hakaima Sadamitsu) is a manga series by Masahiko Nakahira. It was adapted into a 10 episode animated series.
 Claire's mouse lemur (Microcebus mamiratra) or Nosy Be mouse lemur is a newly described species of lemur from the genus of the mouse lemurs (Microcebus). It lives on the island Nosy Bé in the Antsiranana province of Madagascar and on the mainland near the village of Manehoka including Lokobe Reserve. The scientific type name mamiratra comes from Malagasy and means clear and bright; this refers the Theodore F. and Claire M.
 Zard Kuh (meaning Yellow Mountain also spelled Zardkuh or Zard-e Kuh-e Bakhtiari; Persian: زردكوه بختياري) is a sub-range in the central Zagros Range Iran.It is located in the Zagros Mountains in the Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province of Iran.The Karun and also Zayanderud rivers start in the Zagros mountains near the Zardkuh.
 The Carp River Forge is an abandoned forge located along the Carp River on the grounds of the Michigan Iron Industry Museum at 73 Forge Road near Negaunee Michigan. It was the first forge constructed in northern Michigan; the site was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1956 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It is also known as the Jackson Iron Company Site.
 Cosmisoma militaris is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Giesbert & Chemsak in 1993.
 Julinek [juˈlinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-west of Leszno 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 29 km (18 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Plaine Magnien is a village in southeast Mauritius located in the Grand Port District. According to the Statistics Mauritius census in 2011 the population was at 10443. The village is the location of the only airport on the island Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport. Plaine Magnien also has an all girls State Secondary School France Boyer de la Giroday SSS. In addition it is the birthplace of the former Governor-General of Mauritius Dayendranath Burrenchobay.
 Ćićevci (Serbian: Ћићевци) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Maury River is a 42.8-mile-long (68.9 km) tributary of the James River in west-central Virginia in the United States. Via the James River it is part of the watershed of Chesapeake Bay.The Maury flows for its entire length in Rockbridge County. It is formed near Goshen by the confluence of the Calfpasture and Little Calfpasture rivers and flows south past Lexington and Buena Vista; between the cities it collects the South River and is paralleled by a 7-mile (11 km) rail trail.
 What We Do Is Secret is a 2007 American biographical film about Darby Crash singer of the late-1970s Los Angeles punk rock band The Germs. Rodger Grossman directed the film and wrote the screenplay based on a story he had written with Michelle Baer Ghaffari a friend of Crash's and co-producer of the film.
 Travailleur socialiste ('Socialist Worker') was a French language weekly newspaper published from Pointe-à-Pitre Guadeloupe. Travailleur socialiste was founded in 1934. It was an organ of SFIO. As of 1937 Paul Valentin was the political director of the publication.
 Oakleaf Bearers or The Battle for Skandia in the United States is the fourth novel in the Ranger's Apprentice book series which was written by Australian author John Flanagan.This book was a finalist for the 2006 Aurealis Award for Best Children's Novel. The book continues to track Will and includes such characters as Halt his mentor and Horace his best friend.
 Jack T. O'Connell (born October 8 1951) is an American politician and the former 26th California State Superintendent of Public Instruction having been elected to the post in November 2002 with 61% of the vote. He was re-elected to his post by receiving a majority (52%) of the vote in the Primary election on June 6 2006 thus avoiding a November run-off. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
 It Ain't Easy is the name of a 1982 Country Music album by Country music recording artist Janie Fricke. This was one of her most successful albums. The album featured her four big hits that year; He's a Heartache (Looking for a Place to Happen) Tell Me a Lie It Ain't Easy Bein' Easy and You Don't Know Love; the first three becoming #1 hits in that year. The album rose on the US Country Albums Chart breaking into the top twenty and peaking at #15.
 Stephen D. Mull (born April 30 1958) is a Senior Foreign Service officer and United States Ambassador to Poland who previously served as Acting Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs and United States Ambassador to Lithuania.
 Filipa Azevedo is the first studio album by the Portuguese pop singer Filipa Azevedo it was released in 2009 and its lead single was Só eu Sei.
 Hume Hall built in 2002 is the Honors Residential College of the University of Florida located on the eastern side of the university's Gainesville Florida campus.The current structure is the second at the university to bear the name. The original Hume Hall was designed by Guy Fulton and built on the same site in 1958 as a conventional dormitory.
 75 Minutes is an album released by artist Acen Razvi.
 Response is the fifth studio album by Christian Alternative-Contemporary-Rock-Worship musician Phil Wickham. It was released on October 4 2011 by label Fair Trade Services his fourth album released under that label. The album was produced by Brown Bannister and Peter Kipley.
 Lal Krishna Advani (Sindhi: لال ڪرشنا آڏواڻي Hindi: लालकृष्ण आडवाणी) born on 8 November 1927 in Karachi in Sindh (now Pakistan) is an Indian politician who is a senior leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) the current opposition in the Indian Parliament. When the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance was in power from 1998–2004 under Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee Advani served as Home Minister and Deputy Prime Minister (the latter in 2002–04).
 Donald Duk is a coming-of-age novel written by Frank Chin and was first published in February 1991. It is about an eleven-year-old boy named Donald Duk dealing with the struggles of cultural identity as he learns to accept himself for who he is.
 Summer Of My German Soldier is a 1978 made-for-TV movie based on the novel of the same name written by Bette Greene. It stars Kristy McNichol as a Jewish-American girl and Bruce Davison as the German prisoner of war whom she befriends.
 Drum Taps was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse. He was a noted stayer showing his best form over distances in excess of two miles but was also successful over shorter distances. He won England’s most important staying race the Ascot Gold Cup in 1992 and 1993. In 1992 he was named European Champion Stayer of 1992 at the Cartier Racing Awards. He raced in seven different countries in a career which lasted from 1989 to 1993.
 The Lion's Claws is a 1918 American adventure film serial directed by Harry Harvey and Jacques Jaccard. The film is considered to be lost.
 Rahtla is a village in Mustjala Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Leafie A Hen into the Wild (Hangul: 마당을 나온 암탉; RR: Madangeul Naon Amtak) is a 2011 South Korean animated film which depicts the freedom will and instinctive motherly love of a hen as she raises an adopted duckling. It made box office history by drawing over 2.2 million viewers the largest audience for a home-grown animated film in South Korea.
 Internet Magazine was a monthly print title launched in October 1994 by the UK publishing house Emap. Its last issue number 119 was published in July 2004.
 Edea is the debut album by Edea. It was released in 1998.
 World War II Radio Heroes: Letters of Compassion is a book by psychologist Lisa Spahr co-authored with Austin Camacho that recounts her personal investigation of the activities of shortwave radio listeners who notified families of captured U.S. military personnel of their status as prisoners of war during World War II.
 Hollies Sing Hollies is the ninth studio album released in England by The Hollies. It was released in November 1969 by Parlophone their second album that year coming 6 months after an entire album of Bob Dylan covers.
 Popki [ˈpɔpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south of Kolno and 79 km (49 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 104.
 Turn It On Again: The Hits is a greatest hits collection by British progressive rock/pop-rock band Genesis. The album was first released as a single album on 26 October 1999 (see 1999 in music) by Virgin Records in England and by Atlantic Records in the United States.In 2007 an expanded two-disc edition subtitled The Tour Edition was released to promote the Turn It on Again reunion tour. All of the tracks except for The Carpet Crawlers 1999 were remixed by Nick Davis.
 Vladimir Konstatinov (Russian: Влади́мир Андре́евич Константи́нов Ukrainian: Константинов Володимир Андрійович; born November 19 1956) is a Crimean politician and was from 17 March 2010 until 15 March 2014 the Chairman of the Supreme Council in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea.On March 5 2014 the Shevchenko district court of Kyiv ruled on the detention of the self-proclaimed leaders Sergey Aksyonov and Vladimir Konstantinov.
 For the 1937 Tennessee Williams play see Fugitive Kind.The Fugitive Kind is a 1959 American drama film starring Marlon Brando and Anna Magnani and directed by Sidney Lumet. The screenplay by Meade Roberts and Tennessee Williams was based on the latter's 1957 play Orpheus Descending itself a revision of his unproduced 1939 work Battle of Angels.Despite being set in the Deep South the United Artists release was filmed in Milton New York.
 Sackville Memorial Hospital is a Canadian hospital located in the town of Sackville New Brunswick.It is operated by Horizon Health Network.It is an acute care community hospital and provides services to the following area of Westmorland County: Sackville Parish (Sackville and surrounding areas) Dorchester Parish (Dorchester and surrounding areas) Botsford Parish (Port Elgin and surrounding areas)
 Earth vs. The Radiators: the First 25 is a 2004 concert film by the New Orleans rock band The Radiators. Released in honor of the band's twenty-fifth anniversary the film contains the complete performance from their January 31 2004 concert at Tipitina's nightclub in New Orleans and features guest appearances by a wide variety of other musicians.
 Opening Day of Close-Up (Italian: Il giorno della prima di Close Up) is a 1996 Italian short film directed by Nanni Moretti. It was screened out of competition at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival.
 Rabbit Is Rich is a 1981 novel by John Updike. It is the third novel of the four-part series which begins with Rabbit Run and Rabbit Redux and concludes with Rabbit At Rest. There is also a related 2001 novella Rabbit Remembered. Rabbit Is Rich was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Award for Fiction in 1982 as well as the National Book Critics Circle Award for Fiction in 1981.
 El Subliminoso is the third album by the alternative rock group dada and their final album for I.R.S. Records. In the United States the album was initially released in April of 1996. On July 13 2004 the album was reissued with bonus tracks by Blue Cave Records.
 Alexotypa vitiata is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1913. It is found in India (Assam).
 Agum Gumelar (born in Tasikmalaya West Java December 17 1945) is an Indonesian military politician and sportsman. He is a former minister having held several positions a retired military officer and a former chairman of Indonesian Football Association and National Sports Committee of Indonesia a former Indonesian Vice President candidate and a former West Java Governor candidate.He is an alumnus of the National Military Academy in Magelang Central Java.
 Kuźnia [ˈkuʑɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocz within Pleszew County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Chocz 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Pleszew and 85 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Comenzaré released in 1998 is the debut album by Luis Fonsi. The album was certified Platino for sales of 100000 copies.
 Euchontha frigida is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is distributed along the eastern slope of the Andes from central Colombia south to Bolivia.
 Gotley Glacier is a well-defined glacier 5 nautical miles (9 km) long descending from the ice-covered slopes of the Big Ben massif to the southwest side of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean. Its terminus is located between Cape Arkona and Cape Labuan. To the east of Gotley Glacier is Deacock Glacier whose terminus is located between Cape Labuan and Long Beach. To the northwest of Gotley Glacier is Lied Glacier whose terminus is located between Cape Arkona and Cape Pillar.
 Chinese Wall at 11238 feet (3425 m) above sea level is a cliff and peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 0.53 mi (0.85 km) north of Calkens Peak its line parent.
 Tonantins River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Grodziska [ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Nowy Duninów 20 km (12 mi) west of Płock and 115 km (71 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Kopanina [kɔpaˈnina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd within Strzelce County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Ujazd 10 km (6 mi) south of Strzelce Opolskie and 39 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 The Mangawhero River is in the North Island of New Zealand.It drains the south-western slopes of Mount Ruapehu passes though Ohakune before discharging into the Whangaehu River to the south-west of Mangamahu.On 8 September 1979 up to 17000 litres of heating oil were spilt into the river from the Turoa ski field.
 Triplophysa xichangensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Kress Building also known as S.H. Kress and Co. Building in Fort Worth Texas was built in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Two Hours Traffic is the self-titled debut album by Two Hours Traffic a Canadian indie rock power-pop band from Charlottetown Prince Edward Island. It was nominated for Rock Recording of the Year at the 2006 East Coast Music Awards. Although their music video for Better Sorry than Safe was in rotation on MuchMusic in late 2005 it was not until April 2006 that the band had a boost in their profile—that was when Limelight was used in an episode of The O.C.
 Koetoi River (声問川 Koetoi-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan.
 Char Kolania is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.
 Podgajew [pɔdˈɡajɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oporów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Oporów 8 km (5 mi) east of Kutno and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Liberty House is a 42-floor tower in the Dubai International Financial Centre in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 166 m (545 ft). Construction of the Liberty House was completed in March 2009.The structure contains eight floors of freehold office space 208 convenient studios 120 one-bedroom apartments and 44 spacious two-bedroom apartments.
 Dartum (Persian: درتوم‎ also Romanized as Dartūm and Dartowm) is a village in Aladagh Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1157 in 292 families.
 Notes and Records of the Royal Society (ISSN 0035-9149) is an international journal which publishes original research in the history of science technology and medicine up to and including the 21st century. It is published both in print and online. As a journal of the Royal Society Notes and Records belongs to a group of journals including the longest running scientific journal in the world Philosophical Transactions.
 Turig (3) (Persian: توريگ(3)‎ also Romanized as Tūrīg (3)) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 68 families.
 Micropentila galenides is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Prothoosuchus is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Thoosuchidae.
 The Daily News is an English-language newspaper in Sri Lanka. It is now published by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited (Lake House) a government-owned corporation. The newspaper commenced publishing on 3 January 1918. D. R. Wijewardena was its founder.The present-day newspaper is written as a broadsheet with photographs printed both in color and black and white.
 The Virginia Law & Business Review is a premier journal of business law scholarship that is published three times per year by students of the University of Virginia School of Law. The student-editors are members of the Virginia Law & Business Review Association a not-for-profit corporation chartered in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
 Prochoreutis pernivalis is a moth of the Choreutidae family. It is known from North America including British Columbia and Alberta.
 Lake Otis is a natural freshwater lake located on the east side of Winter Haven Florida. The Polk County Water Atlas says the lake sometimes is known as Little Otis but this is confirmed nowhere else. The main part of the lake is somewhat rectangular in shape and on the south side of the main section of the lake is a long tail-shaped cove. Lake Otis has a 144 acres (58 ha) surface. It is connected on its northeast side to nearby Lake Link by a 50 feet (15 m) canal.
 Palazzo Versace Dubai is a luxury hotel and resort under construction in Culture Village on the foreshore of Dubai Creek in Dubai United Arab Emirates. It will cost AED 2.3 billion.
 Northwest Community Hospital (NCH) is an acute care hospital in Arlington Heights Illinois United States. NCH serves more than 350000 outpatients each year as well as nearly 30000 inpatients at the 496-bed acute care hospital.
 Fr. Thomas Tom J. Morrissey historian teacher and writer was the fifth Director of Education at the College of Industrial Relations (National College of Ireland) from 1983 to 1989. Fr. Thomas was born in Limerick and was educated at Crescent College. He entered the Jesuit Order in 1948. He studied history at University College Dublin and graduated with a Master’s degree. In 1976 he was awarded a doctorate in education at University College Cork.
 Calliostoma circumcinctum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
 Gerbe's vole (Microtus gerbei) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae found in France and Spain.
 Dowden's Luck is a historic home located at Poolesville Montgomery County Maryland United States. The main house is a 2 1⁄2-story late Federal-style frame house. Major additions were made in 1855 and 1910. Also on the property are a one-story gable-roofed stone slave quarters a one-story gable-roofed brick smokehouse a stone spring house and the foundations of two barns all built during the 1824-1850 plantation period.
 Maintaining was a comic strip by cartoonist Nate Creekmore. Nate is a two-time winner of the Scripps College Cartoonist of the Year and an Associated Press award for achievement in college cartooning. Nate's strip first appeared in the newspaper at Lipscomb University in Nashville. Maintaining was later picked up for syndication through Universal Press Syndicate. It was launched on May 7 2007 and canceled in August 2009 for poor sales.
 Chandrabhaga is one of the important rivers in Amravati district of Maharashtra. As a tributary of Purna it forms a part of Tapti-Purna river system.The main stream of the river rises just down the Vairat Plateau in the Chikhaldara hills and takes an eastward course draining the south slopes of Chikhaldara and Gawilgarh plateaus. There is a dam on the river as it comes out of the valley.
 The Cornell—Randall—Bailey Roadhouse (also known as the Log Gift and Curtain Shoppe) is an historic building located at 2737 Hartford Avenue in Johnston Rhode Island.The building was constructed in 1799. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 10 1984.
 Chestnut Mountain is a mountain near the city of Brevard North Carolina. It reaches an elevation of 3012 feet (918 m). The mountain generates feeder streams for the French Broad River.
 Black Hand Inn is the eighth studio album by German heavy metal band Running Wild released 24 March 1994 through Noise Records. It is a loose concept album about a resurrected man against a backdrop of piracy foreseeing Armageddon.
 Junkovac (Serbian: Јунковац) is a village situated in Lazarevac municipality in Serbia.
 Maria Elżbiera Kurnatowska (2 July 1945 – 27 March 2009) was a Polish politician who served as a Member of Sejm from 1993 to 1997 and as a Member of Kuyavian-Pomeranian Regional Assembly from 1999 to 2009.
 Biologiska museet is a museum located in Djurgården in Stockholm. It exhibits a collection of stuffed European birds and mammals in dioramas. Some of the diorama backgrounds were created by artist Bruno Liljefors known for his dramatic paintings of Scandinavian wildlife. The museum was built in 1893after a design by architect Agi Lindegren who was inspired by medieval Norwegian stave churches.
 Malmsjøen is a lake in the municipality of Skaun in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) southeast of the village of Skaun about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of Korsvegen (in Melhus) and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southwest of the village of Melhus.
 Joseph Keaveny is a Democratic politician from Missouri. A longtime banking industry professional and ward committeeman for the 28th Ward in the city of St. Louis Sen. Joe Keaveny was elected to the Missouri Senate to represent the citizens of the 4th Senatorial District which includes the St. Louis City during a special election on November 3 2009 to fill an unexpired term.Senator Keaveny is one of six children born to the late John Joseph and Mary Justine Keaveny.
 Dwykia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 The Acariformes are the more diverse of the two superorders of mites. Over 32000 described species are found in 351 families and an estimated total of 440000 to 929000 species occur including undescribed species.
 Polwatte Ihalagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Juiced: Wild Times Rampant 'Roids Smash Hits & How Baseball Got Big is a 2005 book by Jose Canseco and his personal account of steroid usage in Major League Baseball. The book is autobiographical and it focuses on Canseco's days as a major leaguer his marriages his daughter and off-field incidents including his bar room brawl in 2001. The book deals primarily with anabolic steroids drawing upon the personal experiences of Canseco.
 Peace is the eighth and final studio album by the British band Eurythmics released in October 1999. It was the band's first album of new material in ten years following 1989's We Too Are One.
 Maurice Dupré PC (March 20 1888 – October 3 1941) was a Canadian politician.Born in Lévis Quebec he first ran unsuccessfully for the Canadian House of Commons representing the Quebec riding of Kamouraska in the 1925 federal election. A Conservative he was elected in the 1930 federal election representing the riding of Quebec West. He was defeated in 1935 and again in 1940. From 1930 to 1935 he was the Solicitor General of Canada.
 Zaviyeh-ye Kord (Persian: زاويه كرد‎ also Romanized as Zāvīyeh-ye Kord Zāvīeh Kord and Zāvīeh-ye Kord; also known as Zeīwa and Zeyva) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kowsar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 379 in 81 families.
 Urophora mauritanica is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 The Water of Ken is a river in Galloway south-west Scotland. It rises on Blacklorg Hill north-east of Cairnsmore of Carsphairn in the Carsphairn hills and flows south-westward into the Glenkens valley passing through Carsfad and Earlstoun lochs both of which are dammed to supply the Galloway Hydro Electric Scheme. From there the river flows south passing St. John's Town of Dalry and New Galloway before widening to form the 11-mile long Loch Ken.
 Bow Down to the Exit Sign is an album by David Holmes featuring contributions from Bobby Gillespie Sean Gullette Jon Spencer Martina Topley-Bird and Carl Hancock Rux.
 Domenico Siniscalco (born 15 July 1954) is an Italian economist and former Minister of Finance.Sinicalco graduated with law degree from the University of Turin.He served Italian government from June 2001 to July 2004 as Director General of Treasury. He took office as the Italian Minister of Economy and Finances on July 16 2004 until September 22 2005.Along with Tommaso Padoa Schioppa he is not part of any significant political party preferring to remain independent.Mr.
 The Ship Who Searched is a science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey and Mercedes Lackey. It is the third of seven books in the The Ship Who Sang series by McCaffrey and four other authors and the only one by Lackey. It was first published as a serial in the monthly Amazing Stories June to September and as a paperback original by Baen Books in August 1992.The Ship Who Searched follows the adventures of Hypatia Cade whom an alien virus renders quadriplegic.
 Black Volcano is an inactive volcano located near Albuquerque New Mexico and is part of the Albuquerque volcanic field. Black Volcano is located directly north of JA volcano. Black Volcano is the second of five volcanoes (traveling south to north) within the western boundary of Petroglyph National Monument. North of Black Volcano are Vulcan Bond and Butte volcanoes. The date of its last eruption is unknown but is believed to have been more than 150000 years ago.
 Alien Origin is an 2012 American science fiction/Horror film produced by The Asylum and directed by Mark Atkins. The film stars Chelsea Vincent Peter Pedrero Philip Coc Trey McCurley and Daniela Flynn.The film was released direct-to-DVD on June 12 2012. In the tradition of The Asylum's catalog Alien Origin is a mockbuster of the Ridley Scott film Prometheus.
 Backstreet Project is an American comic book created by Nick Carter and Stan Lee. The comic features members of Carter's band the Backstreet Boys as themselves as well as superheroes. The book was available for purchase at their concerts and online stores in 2000–2001.
 Dreams That Money Can Buy is a 1947 experimental feature color film written produced and directed by surrealist artist and dada film-theorist Hans Richter.The film was produced by Kenneth Macpherson and Peggy Guggenheim.Collaborators included Max Ernst Marcel Duchamp Man Ray Alexander Calder Darius Milhaud and Fernand Léger. The film won the Award for the Best Original Contribution to the Progress of Cinematography at the 1947 Venice Film Festival.
 Karagöl (Turkish pronunciation: [kaˈɾaɟøl]) is a tourist attraction of Giresun Province located in eastern Black Sea region of Turkey.
 Circle of Friends is a 1995 film directed by Irish filmmaker Pat O'Connor and based on the novel of the same name written by Maeve Binchy.
 Stop In the Name of Love is the tenth studio album by American singer La Toya Jackson. The album which was recorded and mixed in Sweden is a collection of dance-style well-known Motown covers including The Supremes' Stop! In the Name of Love and Baby Love the Four Tops' I Can't Help Myself and The Jackson 5's I'll Be There. The entire album was recorded in one hour.
 Württembergische Eschach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Grande Motte is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3653 metres above sea level.One side of it is in the Tignes ski area. There is a cable car up to 3453 m.
 Jimmie V. Reyna (born November 11 1952) is an American lawyer and former president of the Hispanic National Bar Association and is currently a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Reyna was formerly a partner in the Washington D.C. office of the law firm of Williams Mullen PC. The Senate confirmed his nomination on April 4 2011 by a vote of 86 ayes to 0 nays and he received his commission on April 5 2011.
 Sir Roland Theodore Symonette (16 December 1898 – 13 March 1980) achieved high office as a Bahamian political figure. Roland Pop Symonette was one of many children of Methodist minister Edwin Symonette and his wife Lavania (née Weech) on the small island settlement of Current Eleuthera. Although he had only six years of formal education Symonette became one of the wealthiest men of his generation.
 Aliyen Habib Kentaui (born 1954 in Smara Western Sahara) is the Polisario Front representative for Sweden.
 John McIntosh (October 27 1841 – July 12 1904) was a farmer and political figure in Quebec. He represented Compton in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1886 to 1894 and Town of Sherbrooke in the Canadian House of Commons from 1900 to 1904 as a Conservative member.He was born in La Prairie Canada East the son of John McIntosh and Margaret Brodie and was educated there. McIntosh settled on a farm in Compton in 1860.
 Tonle Bati (Khmer: ទន្លេបាទី) is a small lake about 30 km south of Phnom Penh the capital of Cambodia. It is a popular weekend destination for the local population. It is also a popular fishing spot for both tourists and people who live locally.Close to the lake there is a temple Ta Prohm built in the 12th century by Jayavarman VII. It is located off the highway to Takeo.20 minutes south of the lake there is another temple called Phnom Chisor (Khmer: ភ្នំជីសូរ).
 Merrifieldia nigrocostata is a moth of the Pterophoridae family.
 A Portrait of Thelonious is a studio album by jazz pianist Bud Powell released on Columbia in 1965 featuring a session recorded at Studio Charlot in Paris on 17 December 1961 with Pierre Michelot on bass and Kenny Clarke on drums.
 Kinshasa One Two is an album recorded by Damon Albarn alongside ten producers of the newly established DRC Music (Democratic Republic of the Congo Music) group to benefit Oxfam's work in Congo.
 Let Me Out (Hangul: 렛 미 아웃; RR: Let-mi-aut) is a 2013 South Korean film. Part coming-of-age part comedy the low-budget indie is about a film student's struggles with making a movie for the first time and captures the harsh realities of the Korean filmmaking industry.
 Benmar Sabalan (Persian: بنمارسبلان‎ also Romanized as Benmār-e Sabalān; also known as Bīnamār-e Sabalān and Benmār) is a village in the Sabalan District of Sareyn County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 483 in 104 families.
 Songs for Japan is a charity compilation album created to benefit relief efforts for the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. A collaborative project between the music industry's big four record labels (EMI Sony Universal and Warner) the album was released through the iTunes Store on March 25 2011 through Universal. Royalties for the songs featured on the album were waived so that all proceeds may be donated to the Japanese Red Cross Society.
 The Federal Building-Courthouse in London Kentucky is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky. It was built in 1911 under the supervision of architect James Knox Taylor and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Nushk (Persian: نوشك‎ also Romanized as Nūshk) is a village in Jowzar Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 13 families.
 Sa Pusod ng Dagat (En. In the Navel of the Sea) is a 1998 Filipino film directed by Marilou Diaz-Abaya. Starring Jomari Yllana with Chin Chin Gutierrez and Elizabeth Oropesa it was released by GMA Films and Film Experts Inc.The film was critically acclaimed in local and international film festivals. It premiered on March 13 1998.
 Michel Daerden (16 November 1949 – 5 August 2012) was a francophone Belgian politician a member of the Parti Socialiste and a Finance auditor.Daerden was born in Baudour Belgium. With a reputation as a 'bon vivant' his undenied penchant for a drink (especially Pomerol) led him to be lovingly nicknamed the Gainsbourg of Belgian Politics both by himself in a famous TV interview and by Belgium's much respected weekly news magazine Le Vif/L'Express.
 VH1 Presents: The Corrs Live In Dublin is an album which is a live performance performed by the Irish celtic folk-rock band The Corrs in Dublin Ireland who are accompanied by the Irish Film Orchestra. The Corrs have performed previous released songs with a slight remix into it. Also this album highlights include two duets with Bono of U2 — performing Ryan Adams' When the Stars Go Blue and the Lee Hazlewood/Nancy Sinatra song Summer Wine.
 Hamamlu (Persian: حماملو‎ also Romanized as Hamāmlū and Ḩammāmlū; Azerbaijani: Hamamlı; also known as Ḩammām ‘Alī and Khamamlu) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 35 families.
 Anthracoceratidae is one of nine families of the Pericyclaceae superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 That Girl in Pinafore (Chinese: 我的朋友 我的同学 我爱过的一切; literally My friend my classmate all that I've ever loved) is a 2013 Singaporean comedy-musical film directed by Chai Yee Wei and starring Julie Tan Daren Tan Jayley Woo Hayley Woo Kenny Khoo Seah Jiaqing and Kelvin Mun
 When She Jumped (Spanish: Cuando ella saltó) is a 2007 Argentine drama film directed and written by Sabrina Farji. The film stars Iván de Pineda and Andrea Galante and deals with the theme of suicide.Iván de Pineda is nominated for a 2008 Best New Actor Silver Condor award for his performance as Ramiro.
 The Putina River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 Charles R. Charlie Huggins (born January 27 1947 in High Springs Florida) is a Republican member of the Alaska Senate representing the E District.
 Traveller's Rest — also known as the General Horatio Gates Home — is a historic house located near Kearneysville Jefferson County West Virginia. It was the home of General Horatio Gates. The eastern section was built in 1773 with the western added a few years later. The eastern section is a 1 1/2 story structure over a full basement with a gable roof. It measures about 34 feet wide and 30 feet deep.
 Desmopuntius trifasciatus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Indonesia where it can be found in dark slowly flowing blackwater rivers. This species can reach a length of 9.6 centimetres (3.8 in) SL.
 The Common Merganser (North American) or Goosander (Eurasian) (Mergus merganser) is a large duck of rivers and lakes of forested areas of Europe northern and central Asia and North America. It eats fish and nests in holes in trees. John James Audubon called this bird the Buff-breasted Merganser in his book The Birds of America.
 Zakrzewska Osada [zaˈkʂɛfska ɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Więcbork 12 km (7 mi) south-west of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 48 km (30 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Barbarian also known as Kane the Barbarian is an American sword and sorcery action direct-to-video film released in 2003. It can almost be considered a remake from the 1983 film Deathstalker. It stars the American bodybuilder wrestler and actor Michael O'Hearn and Martin Kove and also R&B singer Cassie Ventura had a bit part in the film.
 The Maly Cheremshan (literally The Little Cheremshan Russian: Малый Черемшан; Tatar Cyrillic: Кече Чирмешән Latin: Keçe Çirmeşän) is a river in Tatarstan and Ulyanovsk Oblast Russian Federation a right-bank tributary of the Bolshoy Cheremshan River. Its length is 213 km (192 of them in Tatarstan) and its drainage basin is 3190 km². It origins near Tatarsky Yeltan Chistopolsky District Tatarstan and falls to the Bolshoy Cheremshan in Ulyanovsk Oblast.
 Chaungbya is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Rudniki [rudˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Opalenica 20 km (12 mi) east of Nowy Tomyśl and 35 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Romanowo [rɔmaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Gehenu Lamai is a 1978 Sri Lankan drama movie directed by Sumitra Peries. It introduced actress Vasantha Chathurani and was a critical and box office success.
 Mowtowr-e Molla Bakhsh Kuseh (Persian: موتورملابخش كوسه‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mollā Bakhsh Kūseh) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 5 families.
 Conus emaciatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Hydrillodes is a moth genus in the family Noctuidae. Its validity is somewhat disputed.Species include:
 Magic Dirt is an album by Australian alternative rock band Magic Dirt released in the U.S. on the Dirt label. It compiles the band's first two Australian-released EPs Signs of Satanic Youth and Life Was Better along with additional tracks.
 Driven to Distraction is a non-fiction book first published in 2009 written by British journalist and television presenter Jeremy Clarkson. The book is a collection of Clarkson's articles for the Sunday Times newspaper all originally published in 2006 and 2007. The articles consist of car reviews combined with comment on current affairs.
 Ella and Basie! is a 1963 (see 1963 in music) studio album by Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by the Count Basie Orchestra with arrangements by Quincy Jones. It was later reissued with slightly different cover art as On the Sunny Side of the Street.
 Madonna Creek is a 2.5-mile-long (4.0 km) stream in San Mateo County California which is a tributary of Pilarcitos Creek.
 For the 2003 film see Qayamat: City Under ThreatQayamat is a 1983 Indian Hindi film directed by Raj N. Sippy. It is an Indian version of the 1962 Hollywood film Cape Fear. The film stars Dharmendra as a man who goes to jail and holds his police officer friend (Shatrughan Sinha) responsible for the jailing. On his return after a long sentence he sets about taking revenge targeting the officer and his family (Smita Patil and Poonam Dhillon). Jaya Prada appears in flashbacks as Dharmendra's wife.
 Al Watan (Arabic: الوطن‎ meaning The Homeland ) is a daily newspaper in Saudi Arabia. The chairman of the newspaper is Bandar bin Khalid.Al Watan's main publishing centre was at Abha in the south of the country close to the Yemen border. The paper was based in the Asir province the south-west of Saudi Arabia. However later its headquarters was moved to Jeddah. In addition it has publishing facilities in London New York Amman and Cairo.
 Thick as Thieves is a 2011 novel by American author Peter Spiegelman. The book is the fifth novel by Spiegelman and was released on July 26 2011 in the United States through Knopf. The story surrounds a group of thieves following their reluctant leader Carr as he plans a million-dollar heist of a criminals compound. The novel was well received.
 Kiszewy [kiˈʂɛvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuliszków within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Tuliszków 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Turek and 99 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 280.
 Saturday Teenage Kick is Junkie XL's first studio album released in 1997.
 Meridian Museum of Art is an art museum located at 628 25th Avenue Meridian Mississippi. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 and declared a Mississippi Landmark in 1985. The building originally served as the home of the First Presbyterian Church of Meridian until the city of Meridian bought the building in 1911 and turned it into a Carnegie Library in 1913.
 Nur-Ana Lady Ann I. Sahidulla is a Filipino politician and current representative (2010–13) of Sulu Province's 2nd congressional district in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM). She is a close ally of Abdusakur Mahail Tan.
 Pilodeudorix tenuivittata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo from the north-eastern part of the country to the Ituri Forest. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Imma albofascia is a moth of the Immidae family. It is known from the Ambon Island.
 MilK Magazine (France) is a contemporary children's fashion and lifestyle quarterly magazine based in Paris France.
 Chapel Hill is a historic home located near Lexington Rockbridge County Virginia. It was built about 1842 and is a two-story Federal style brick dwelling. It has a lower two-story rear wing with a brick first story and weatherboard-sided second story add about 1910. It features a molded cyma recta brick cornices below a metal sheathed side-gable roof.
 The Pearls of Lutra is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 1996. It is the ninth book in the Redwall series. The American edition of the novel was published simply as Pearls of Lutra.
 Lake Nockamixon is a reservoir in southeastern Pennsylvania United States and the largest lake in Bucks County. It is formed by a dam on Tohickon Creek and is the centerpiece of Nockamixon State Park. Swimming is not allowed in the lake but boating is popular. The park maintains a marina and a boat rental as well as three other boat-launch areas.
 Jebu Donga (Telugu: జేబు దొంగ English: Pickpocketeer) is a 1987 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. The film stars Chiranjeevi Bhanupriya and Radha in important roles.
 Podgórze [pɔdˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Kadzidło 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 122 km (76 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Asau is situated on the north west coast of Savai'i island in Samoa. It is the capital village of the Vaisigano political district and serves as the main business centre at the west end of the island.Asau was the centre of the timber industry in Samoa with logging of native forests. In the 1960s a new wharf was completed at Asau for the lumbering operations of an American company Potlatch Corporation.
 Ernest Larry Ernie Eves (born June 17 1946) was the 23rd Premier of the province of Ontario Canada from April 15 2002 to October 22 2003.
 Brzoza [ˈbʐɔza] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów within Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Borów 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Strzelin and 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Saint Anthony Cathedral Basilica in Beaumont Texas is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Beaumont.
 Whitewater Lake is a lake in the city of Sudbury Ontario. The community of Azilda borders its eastern shore.The lake is host to a number of amateur fishing tournaments and it was the site of an annual powerboat racing championship. It is the site of the Sudbury/Azilda Water Aerodrome which supports a number of aircraft capable of landing on water.
 Judith Steinberg Dean M.D. (born May 9 1953) is a physician from Burlington Vermont. She is the wife of Howard Dean the Democratic former Governor of Vermont and past chairman of the Democratic National Committee.
 The Lincoln Park Post Office is a post office located at 1335 Southfield Road in Lincoln Park Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Deh Now-ye Barez (Persian: ده نوبارز‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-ye Bārez) is a village in Barez Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 931 in 176 families.
 The Transsexual Empire: The Making of the She-Male is a 1979 book by the American radical feminist author and activist Janice Raymond.
 Kallavesi (Ristiina) is a medium-sized lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in the region of Southern Savonia in Finland. In Finland there are two lakes with this name and the lake Kallavesi in Kuopio is much bigger.
 The British Journal of Diabetes and Vascular Disease is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers six times a year in the field of Cardiovascular Medicine. The journal's editors are Clifford J Bailey (Aston University) Ian Campbell (Victoria Hospital) and Christoph Schindler (Dresden University of Technology). It has been in publication since 2001 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Raining Rock is the second studio album from Jettblack released through Spinefarm Records.
 Dinera is a genus of tachinid flies in the family Tachinidae. Most larvae are parasitoids of Coleoptera (Scarabaeidae).
 Centre Place Shopping Centre is a shopping mall in Hamilton New Zealand. It is located in the suburb of Hamilton Central.Home to 2 state of the art cinemas a dining lane and exclusive fashion retailers Centre Place has it all. In 2013 an extension of Centre Place replaced the former Downtown Plaza.
 The Morals of Marcus(1915) is a lost silent film comedy-drama produced by the Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a 1905 novel by William John Locke The Morals of Marcus Ordeyne which was later produced on Broadway in 1907. The star of the play was Marie Doro who makes her motion picture debut in this film version. Both Edwin S. Porter and Hugh Ford take part in the direction of the film.
 Aspects of Scientific Explanation and other Essays in the Philosophy of Science is a 1965 book by Carl Gustav Hempel.
 No Word From Tom is the third album from indie folk band Hem. Released on February 7 2006 it features covers live songs and new recordings from the band.
 Amorbia rectangularis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from southern Brazil to Guatemala where it is found at altitudes between 50 and 1670 meters.The length of the forewings is 6.5–8 mm for males and 9.5–12 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is pale yellow with brownish marks in the median and postmedian area near the costa. The hindwings have a dark apical area bordering a translucent patch. There seem to be multiple generations per year.
 Łukoszyno-Biki [wukɔˈʂɨnɔ ˈbiki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of Sierpc and 113 km (70 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 110.
 For Marx (French: Pour Marx) is a 1965 book by Louis Althusser a leading theoretician of the French Communist Party. Althusser reinterprets the work of Karl Marx proposing an epistemological break between the young Hegelian Marx and the old Marx the author of Capital. One of Althusser's chief works Pour Marx was first published in 1965 with an English translation in 1969.
 The Yellow Rolls-Royce is a 1964 dramatic composite film written by Terence Rattigan produced by Anatole de Grunwald and directed by Anthony Asquith the trio responsible for The V.I.P.s (1963).Apparently adapting an idea from In Those Days a 1947 German drama by Helmut Käutner that had its US premiere in March 1951 The Yellow Rolls-Royce uses a yellow 1930 Rolls-Royce Phantom II to frame the story of three very different owners: an English aristocrat a Miami gangster and a wealthy American widow. 
 Assa (Асса) is a Soviet film directed by Sergei Solovyov and released in 1987. It became a cult film mostly thanks to the fact that it was one of the films that brought Russian rock music from the underground into the mainstream. Solovyov made a sequel to the film twenty years later 2-ASSA-2.
 L is the second album by Godley & Creme. It was released in 1978. Its 34-minute running time was a stark contrast with that of the ill-received triple concept album Consequences. The album wasn't entirely well received however.The songs contained much variation and artistry dissonances complex time signatures and melodies clever poetical lyrics and some wonderful echoes from Frank Zappa's Over-Nite Sensation.
 Eugene A. Besson was a Massachusetts pharmacist and politician who served in both branches of the Massachusetts legislature and as the 27th Mayor of Lynn Massachusetts.
 The Station Mall in Sault Ste. Marie Ontario Canada is the second largest shopping mall in Northern Ontario trailing just behind the New Sudbury Centre in Greater Sudbury. With 86 stores and 555000 square feet (51600 m2) of retail space on one level [1]. Built in 1973 the mall has since undergone two major expansions. Its major tenants include Sears Walmart and the 52000 square feet (4800 m2) Galaxy Cinemas movie theatre complex.
 The Boston Evening Transcript was a daily afternoon newspaper in Boston Massachusetts published from July 24 1830 to April 30 1941.
 Crotaphatrema tchabalmbaboensis is a species of caecilian in the family Scolecomorphidae the tropical or African caecilians. It was discovered in 1997 on Mount Tchabal Mbabo in western Cameroon and described to science as a new species in 2000.
 Too Late (Portuguese: Tarde Demais) is a 2000 Portuguese film directed by José Nascimento. It was Portugal's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Yalta Hotel Complex (Russian: Гостиничный комплекс «Ялта-Интурист») is a hotel in Yalta (Crimea Ukraine) set in Massandra park on the Black Sea coast. It is one of the major tourist centers in Ukraine.
 The Louisiana State Capitol is the seat of government for the U.S. state of Louisiana and is located in downtown Baton Rouge. The capitol houses the chambers for the Louisiana State Legislature made up of the House of Representatives and the Senate as well as the office of the Governor of Louisiana. At 450 feet (137 m) tall and with 34 stories it is the tallest building in Baton Rouge the seventh tallest building in Louisiana and tallest capitol in the United States.
 Backyard Wedding is a 2010 television drama film directed by Bradford May starring Alicia Witt and Teddy Sears.
 Paracles cajetani is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Uruguay.
 Dobrotin is a village in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 251 people.
 Freddy and the Men from Mars (1954) is the 22nd book in the humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese. It tells the story of the confrontation between Freddy and his friends phony Martians real Martians and a circus con artist.
 Billy's Love Making is a 1915 American silent romantic drama directed by and starring William Garwood and Violet Mersereau.
 Ladies First is the debut album of Desi/British Asian rapper Ms Scandalous recorded almost three years after her first appearance with Panjabi Hit Squad with the track Hai Hai on their 2002 album The Streets. PHS produced and co-wrote the album. In addition to Ms Scandalous' MCing the album featured the sung vocals of Jaspinder Narula and Alyssia.The video for Aaja Soniyah by Simon Poon-Tip entered the Top Ten of MTV Base a first for an Asian female artist.
 The Valea lui Bădescu River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
 Tour De Flock is the first live album and DVD by Bell X1. It is a 2-disc compilation featuring 16 tracks from their sold-out gig at The Point Theatre Dublin on 1 December 2006.The album is the group's first since being leaving Island Records and was issued through their own BellyUp label. The deluxe double package comes with a wallpaper style digipack sleeve.
 Sir Robert Francis Mudie KCSI KCIE OBE (24 August 1890 – 15 September 1976) was a member of the Indian Civil Service during the British Raj. He was the last British Governor of Sind and after the partition of India and Pakistan in August 1947 he continued to serve as Governor of the West Punjab.
 Sinocyclocheilus brevis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 UAB Hospital is a Level I trauma center hospital located in Birmingham Alabama.It is located in the Medical Center District on the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) campus on Birmingham's Southside. UAB Hospital is a 908-bed facility that provides patients with a complete range of primary and specialty care services. It is Alabama's major tertiary care center and a modern medical complex serving approximately 35000 patients annually.
 Kahnuj (Persian: كهنوج‎ also Romanized as Kahnūj) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 18 families.
 Echo Summit is a mountain pass (also known as Johnson Pass) located in eastern El Dorado County California USA. At an elevation of 7382 ft (2250 m) it is the highest point on U.S. Route 50 in California which traverses it at postmile 66.48 between Twin Bridges and Meyers south of Lake Tahoe.The Sierra Nevada Southern Route (aka the Pioneer Route) of the Lincoln Highway the first road across the United States of America was routed over Echo Summit in 1913.
 Het uur tussen hond en wolf is a novel by Dutch author Maarten 't Hart. It was first published in 1987.
 The Winslow Boy is a 1948 film adaptation of Terence Rattigan's play The Winslow Boy. It was made by De Grunwald Productions and distributed by the British Lion Film Corporation. It was directed by Anthony Asquith and produced by Anatole de Grunwald with Teddy Baird as associate producer. The screenplay was written by de Grunwald and Rattigan based on Rattigan's play.
 Srnetica (Serbian: Срнетица) is a village in the municipality of Drvar Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Lindsay Hamilton Simpson Thompson AO CMG (15 October 1923 – 16 July 2008) Australian Liberal Party politician was the 40th Premier of Victoria from June 1981 to April 1982. He was also notable for his actions in the Faraday School kidnapping and was the longest serving minister and Deputy Premier in Victorian parliamentary history.
 Peter James Goldmark (born August 4 1946) is the Washington State Commissioner of Public Lands and heads the Washington Department of Natural Resources. He is a Democrat from a rural part of Okanogan County Washington outside of the town of Okanogan. Goldmark has placed a lifelong emphasis on agriculture science education and public service.
 Oybach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Sabzabad (Persian: سبزاباد‎ also Romanized as Sabzābād) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Serdis is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.One representative is Serdis fractifascia found in the tropical forests of Colombia.
 Béla Csécsei (October 12 1952 – December 31 2012) was a Hungarian educator and politician who served as Mayor of Józsefváros (8th district of Budapest) from February 2 1993 to September 2 2009 his resignation.
 Kelley J. Linck (born November 10 1963) is a tourism official from Yellville in Marion County in northern Arkansas who is a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives. District 99 which he has represented since 2013 includes parts of Marion Searcy Boone and Baxter counties. From 2011 to 2013 he represented District 86 now held by the Democrat Greg Leding of Fayetteville.
 Podłukawka [pɔdwuˈkafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechowice within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Wojciechowice 11 km (7 mi) east of Opatów and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Unieck [ˈuɲet͡sk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Raciąż 29 km (18 mi) north-west of Płońsk and 91 km (57 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Diana Paulette Wallis (born 28 June 1954 in Hitchin Hertfordshire) was a British Liberal Democrat Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for Yorkshire and the Humber. Wallis was first elected in 1999 and re-elected in 2004 and in 2009. She resigned her seat in January 2012.
 The Eternal Husband (Russian: Вечный муж Vechny muzh) is a novel by Russian author Fyodor Dostoyevsky that was first published in 1870 in Zarya magazine. The novella's plot revolves around the complicated relationship between Velchaninov and Trusotsky the husband of his deceased former lover.
 T with the Maggies is the first album from Irish Celtic-Folk supergroup T with the Maggies. It was released on 29 October 2010 in Ireland and on 22 February 2011 in the United States.
 United Presbyterian Church of Canehill is a historic church on Main Street in Canehill Arkansas.It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Higham Gobion Castle was an 11th-century castle located in the village of Higham Gobion now part of the civil parish of Shillington in the English county of Bedfordshire.The castle was a timber motte and bailey fortress built by the Gobion family from which the castle and neighboring town derive their name sometime after the Norman Invasion of 1066. Built in a marshy site it encompased a large triangular area.
 The Man Who Loved Women (French: L'Homme qui aimait les femmes) is a 1977 French comedy/drama film directed by François Truffaut and starring Charles Denner Brigitte Fossey and Nelly Borgeaud. In 1983 it was remade in Hollywood under the same title. The film had a total of 955262 admissions in France.
 Shasta Lake is a reservoir in Shasta County California United States. It is within the Whiskeytown–Shasta–Trinity National Recreation Area operated by the Shasta-Trinity National Forest.It is impounded by Shasta Dam the second largest dam and tallest concrete dam in the United States. Known as the keystone of the Central Valley Project the outflow of Shasta Dam provides electricity and irrigation water.
 Labiobaetis is a genus of mayflies in the family Baetidae.
 Stigmella ilicifoliella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is widespread in Portugal and Spain. In France it is known from old specimens along the Atlantic coast near Bordeaux and in the Hérault and the Côte d’Azur near Cannes.The wingspan is 6-6.6 mm. Adults are on wing from June to early September.The larvae feed on Quercus ilex Quercus ilex rotundifolia and Quercus suber. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Innuitian Mountains are a mountain range in Canada's Arctic territories of Nunavut and the Northwest Territories. They are part of the Arctic Cordillera and are largely unexplored due to the hostile climate. They are named after the northern indigenous people who live in the region. In some locations the Innuitian Mountains measure over 2500 m (8202 ft) in height and 1290 km (802 mi) in length. The highest point is Barbeau Peak at 2616 m (8583 ft).
 Favorite Channel is a channel in Southeast Alaska northwest of Juneau Alaska United States. It is 25 kilometres (16 mi) long extending northwest from Stephens Passage to Lynn Canal separating Lincoln and Shelter islands from the mainland to the east. It was named in 1880 by U.S.
 17 & 19 Newhall Street is a red brick and Architectural terracotta Grade I listed building on the corner of Newhall Street and Edmund Street in the city centre of Birmingham England.
 Lakshmi is a 2014 Hindi drama film directed by Nagesh Kukunoor. The film deals with the harsh realities of human trafficking and child prostitution which continue behind closed curtains in rural areas of India. It was earlier expected to release on January 17 2014 but got delayed due to censorship issues.The film Won Best Film - Mercedes Benz Audience Award for Best Narrative at the Palm Springs International Film Festival on January 13 2014. The film released on March 21 2014.
 American Border Peak is a mountain just south of the US-Canada border in the North Cascades of Washington state with a corresponding sister peak Canadian Border Peak just north along a col connecting to it across the border. It is located within the Mount Baker Wilderness part of the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest near North Cascades National Park.
 Harvey Munford is a Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly representing the Clark County District 6 since 2004.
 Pic de Jallouvre is a mountain of Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Bornes Massif range. It has an altitude of 2408 metres above sea level.
 Paula Rodríguez Homs (born April 8 1968) is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the New Progressive Party (PNP). She was a member of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives from 2009 to 2013 representing District 14. She is currently a member of the Board of Directors of the Commission of Public Service.
 Theater of Salvation is the fourth studio album by German power metal band Edguy released in 1999. It is the first to feature drummer Felix Bohnke and bass player Tobias Exxel. The album reached No. 50 in the Swedish Albums Chart.
 Kamieńczyk [kaˈmjɛɲt͡ʂɨk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszków within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Wyszków and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 700.Kamienczyk which was also called Kamieniec Mazowiecki is located 5 kilometers east of Wyszkow.
 Acremodonta is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ataphridae.The radula of species in this genus have very long and narrow teeth and dendritic cusps that are repeatedly divided.
 iCon: Steve Jobs The Greatest Second Act in the History of Business is an unauthorized biography by Jeffrey S. Young and William L. Simon about the return of Steve Jobs to Apple Inc in 1996. It was published in 2005.The book's title is a double entendre with one connotation that of Jobs as an icon with attributes to be admired while carrying the negative interpretation as I-(am a)-Con as in a con man criticized for charisma used in harmful ways such as the reality distortion field.
 Race for Your Life Charlie Brown is a 1977 animated film produced by United Feature Syndicate for Paramount Pictures directed by Bill Meléndez and the third in a series of films based on the Peanuts comic strip. It was the first Peanuts feature-length film produced after the death of composer Vince Guaraldi and used the same voice cast from the 1975 TV special You're a Good Sport Charlie Brown.
 Chiromachla pallescens is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on the Comoros and Madagascar.
 The Shropshire Star is the fifth biggest-selling regional evening newspaper in Britain. It is based in Ketley Telford and covers the whole of Shropshire plus parts of Herefordshire Worcestershire Staffordshire Cheshire and Mid Wales.Currently edited by Martin Wright the Shropshire Star publishes three editions a day Monday to Friday and one edition on a Saturday. In the first half of 2012 the newspaper had a daily circulation of 49751 but this fell to 46498 in the second half of 2012.
 Stowe's Hill is an elongated hill 381 metres (1250 ft) high located on the eastern edge of Bodmin Moor in the county of Cornwall England.Stowe's Hill is a prominent granite ridge located about 1500 metres north of Minions the highest village in Cornwall. It is dominated by Stowe's Pound a huge tor enclosure comprising two massive stone-walls. The smaller enclosure surrounds the tors at the southern end of the hill; the larger one encircles the rest of the ridge.
 Asuroides rubea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Durante in 2008. It is found in Africa.
 Dorycera brevis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Dorycera of the family Ulidiidae.
 Crazy Peoples Right to Speak is the third album by the British new wave/pop rock band Kajagoogoo released in 1985. For this release the band had shortened its name to Kaja a name the band used earlier for the U.S. release of their second album Islands. By this time the band was a three-piece as drummer Jez Strode had quit in 1984.The album was not a commercial success and failed to make the UK Top 100.
 The Hogea River is a tributary of the Gemenea River in Romania.
 Dysauxes parvigutta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Christoph in 1889. It is found in Iran.
 Education Policy Analysis Archives is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal established in 1993 by Gene V. Glass (Arizona State University). Articles are published in English Spanish or Portuguese. The journal covers education policy at all levels of the education system in all nations. The editor-in-chief is Gustavo Enrique Fischman (Arizona State University). The journal is abstracted and indexed in Education Research Complete and Scopus.
 Dorithia meridionalis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Gustavo Adolfo Bell Lemus (born 1 February 1957) is the current Ambassador of Colombia to Cuba. A lawyer economist and historian he served as the seventh Vice President of Colombia between 1998 and 2002 under the administration of Andrés Pastrana Arango during which time he also served concurrently as High Commissioner for Human Rights of Colombia and as Minister of National Defence between 2001 and 2002.
 Kenneth Kurtz is a Republican politician from Michigan currently serving in the Michigan House of Representatives. First elected in 2008 he will be ineligible to seek re-election in 2014.Kurtz owned and operated three funeral homes in the Coldwater area and was pastor of United Brethren Church in that town. He has served on several community boards and is a member of several local organizations.
 The Holyoke Range or Mount Holyoke Range is a traprock mountain range located in the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts. It is a sub-range of the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border. A popular hiking destination the range is known for its anomalous east-west orientation high ledges and its scenic character.
 Alvania nestaresi is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Krajeński within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kamień Krajeński 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 254.
 Supersized is the debut studio album of drum & bass DJ producer and musician Danny Byrd. It was released on 26 May 2008 through Hospital Records.
 Alao is a village on the narrow east coast of Tutuila Island American Samoa. It is located close to the island's easternmost point just to the north of Aunu'u Island.
 Tiruchi Siva (Tamil: திருச்சி சிவா) is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Tamil Nadu in the Rajya Sabha the upper house of the Indian Parliament from the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party. He is a Speaker and a Writer. He won from Pudukkottai (Lok Sabha constituency) in 1996.
 San Sebastiano in Vallepiatta is an ancient church found next to piazzeta della Selva in Siena Italy.The construction of the building began in 1493 under the patronage of the guild of weavers (Tessitori). Built in the shape of a Greek cross it has a cupola with a cylindrical tambor. The design is attributed to Francesco di Giorgio Martini. Most of the brick façade has only a sliver of a cornice with architrave in travertine marble added in 1545-1550.
 Temporary Freedom is a 2008 Moroccan film.
 Long Beach 2 Fillmoe is the first collaboration album by Daz Dillinger & JT the Bigga Figga. The album was released on January 16 2001 through Gangsta Advisory Records DPG Recordz and Black Market Records and was produced by Sean T Daz and JT the Bigga Figga. The album was a minor success making it to #70 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #30 on Independent Albums however no charting singles were released from the album.
 Isidiella divitella is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in France on the Iberian Peninsula Corsica and Sardinia.The wingspan is 11–12 mm. It has a white head gold and white thorax and a white abdomen. The wings are golden brown and white.The larvae feed on Helichrysum italicum Helichrysum italicum serotinum Helichrysum stoechas and Santolina species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Caloptilia fidella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Germany to Italy and Macedonia and from France to Russia and Ukraine.The larvae feed on Celtis australis and Humulus lupulus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a small triangular full depth blotch mine in a vein axle. Part of the frass is ejected and the remainder lies scattered in the mine. Older larvae live freely under a rolled leaf margin.
 Chicago Confidential is a 1957 film directed by Sidney Salkow starring Brian Keith Beverly Garland and Dick Foran . It was the first film produced for Edward Small by Robert E. Kent who had been a writer and story supervisor at Columbia. Small and Kent went on to make many movies together.
 A Christmas Carol also known as A Christmas Carol: The Musical is a 2004 television film based on a 1994 stage musical of the same name with songs written by Alan Menken (music) and Lynn Ahrens (lyrics). The musical is based on Charles Dickens' famous 1843 novella of the same name produced by Hallmark Entertainment for NBC. It was directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman and features Kelsey Grammer as Ebenezer Scrooge Jason Alexander as Jacob Marley Jesse L.
 The Northern Brownbul (Phyllastrephus strepitans) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Mozambique Somalia Sudan Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 The Colour of Magic (also known as The Color of Magic) is a 1983 comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett and is the first book of the Discworld series. Pratchett has described it as an attempt to do for the classical fantasy universe what Blazing Saddles did for Westerns.
 Keerthi Chakra (Malayalam: കീര്‍ത്തിചക്ര) is a 2006 Malayalam war film directed and written by debutant A.K. Ravindran (known as Major Ravi) and starring Mohanlal and Jiiva. The film is based on true events related to insurgency in the Indian controlled region of Kashmir. The political situation of the conflict is portrayed from an Indian perspective in the film.The film the first movie in the Major Mahadevan series was released on 7 August 2006 worldwide.
 Shri Parashuram Ganawar (born 5 December 1937) is an Indian politician and ex member of parliament a doctor by profession. He was born in a Gangwar family in a small town of Barkhera his Father Mr. Jhamman Lal was a local former. In May 1957 he married Smt. Ishwarawati and has two sons and four daughters from her.He quilified A.M.B.S. from Lalit Hari Ayurvedic College Pilibhit Uttar Pradesh he is a Medical Practitioner and Agriculturist.
 Pseudoclivina is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pseudoclivina assamensis (Putzeys 1846) Pseudoclivina bohemani (Putzeys 1861) Pseudoclivina costata (Andrewes 1929) Pseudoclivina grandis (Dejean 1826) Pseudoclivina mandibularis (Dejean 1831) Pseudoclivina memnonia (Dejean 1831) Pseudoclivina senegalensis (Dejean 1831)↑
 The Galfa Building or Galfa Tower (Torre Galfa in Italian) is a skyscraper in Milan Italy located in the Centro Direzionale di Milano district north of the city centre. It was designed by architect Melchiorre Bega in 1956 and completed in 1959. The name Galfa is a portmanteau derived from the names of the two streets where the tower has its facades Via Galvani and Via Fara.
 Endless Harmony Soundtrack is an anthology album of previously unheard material by The Beach Boys originally released by Capitol Records in August 1998. Named for Bruce Johnston's song on the 1980 album Keepin' the Summer Alive it was designed as a tie-in with the band's biographical documentary of the same name. The soundtrack was re-issued in March 2000 with some remixing and different artwork while the original 1998 edition (with the orange/yellow cover) was deleted shortly thereafter.
 We Hear of Love of Youth and of Disillusionment is a Daytrotter session recorded at the first Moogfest in Asheville North Carolina. It contains a cover of Only a Shadow a song originally performed by The Cleaners from Venus.
 Dioryctria is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Zeller in 1846.
 Derobrachus inaequalis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1872.
 Bone Black: Memories of Girlhood (Holt 1996) is a memoir by bell hooks. It details her childhood experiences as a poor African American girl growing up against a background of racial segregation.
 The Bayuda (or Baiyuda) Volcanic field is a collection of more than 90 eruptive centres including at least 15 named cinder cones and five named craters in the Bayuda Desert Sudan. The largest explosive crater Hosh ed Dalam is 1.3 km wide and approximately 500 m deep.
 Brian H. Schoenjahn is an Iowa State Senator from the 12th District. A Democrat he has served in the Iowa Senate since 2005. He received his B.A. in Social Science and his M.A. in Political Science from the University of Northern Iowa.Schoenjahn currently serves on several committees in the Iowa Senate - the Appropriations committee; the Judiciary committee; the Local Government committee; the Natural Resources committee; and the Education committee where he is vice chair.
 Isojärvi is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is situated in the region of Satakunta in Western Finland and in the municipalities of Pomarkku in south and Siikainen in north. The lake is a part of the Karvianjoki basin that drains into the Gulf of Bothnia.Isojärvi is common lake name in Finland. There are 31 lakes with this name.
 C'est dimanche! is a 2008 film.
 Karczewiec [karˈt͡ʂɛvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Vezirly is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Sam Rasoul (born June 30 1981) is an American politician. A Democrat he was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in January 2014. He represents the 11th District which is made up of part of the City of Roanoke.Rasoul was elected in a special election held on January 7 2014. The special election was held to fill the vacancy created by the resignation in November 2013 of Delegate Onzlee Ware. Rasoul received nearly 70% of the vote over his Republican opponent Octavia Johnson.
 The Pocreaca River is a tributary of the Vasluieţ River in Romania.
 Battlebridge Basin is a canal basin in the London Borough of Islington. It is located off the Regents Canal.
 White Heat is a 1926 British drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Juliette Compton Wyndham Standing and George Bellamy. A dancer becomes romantically involved with a producer.
 Imitation General is a 1958 war comedy film starring Glenn Ford Red Buttons and Taina Elg.
 Rossleigh Court constructed between 1906 and 1907 currently is a rental apartment building located on the northwest corner of 85th Street and Central Park West in the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City.Like the similarly designed and adjoining building to its north 257 Central Park West Rossleigh Court was designed by Mulliken and Moeller and built by Gotham Building and Construction.
 Thomas Long (August 7 1836 – October 9 1920) was an Ontario merchant and political figure. He represented Simcoe West in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Conservative from 1875 to 1883.He was born in County Limerick Ireland in 1836 began his education there and went to Simcoe County in Canada West in 1850 where he apprenticed with a merchant. He finished his schooling in Buffalo New York.
 Petite Blonde is the name of a live jazz collaboration album. It features Victor Bailey on bass Dennis Chambers on drums Mitch Forman on keyboards Chuck Loeb on guitar and Bill Evans on saxophone (soprano and tenor). It was recorded live on July 4 1992 at the Neuwied Jazzfestival and on July 14 1992 at The Fabrik in Hamburg Germany.
 Rowshanabsar-e Pain (Persian: روشن ابسرپائين‎ also Romanized as Rowshanābsar-e Pā’īn; also known as Rowshanābsar) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District in the Central District of Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 15 families.
 Bright Road is a 1953 low-budget film adapted from the Christopher Award-winning short story See How They Run by Mary Elizabeth Vroman. Directed by Gerald Mayer and featuring a nearly all-black cast the film stars Dorothy Dandridge as an idealistic first-year elementary school teacher trying to reach out to a problem student. The movie is also notable as the first feature film appearance by Harry Belafonte who co-stars as the principal of the school.
 Raat Ke Rahi is a 1959 Indian Hindi drama film written and directed by Naseem. It was a Pushpanjali production with music by Bipin Babul and lyrics by Vishwamitra Adil. The cast included Shammi Kapoor Jabeen Nazir Hussain Anwar Hussain and Achala Sachdev. Naseem (Salamuddin) went on to direct the successful Bhojpuri film Hamar Sansar (1967) which was produced by Nazir Hussain.According to Jabeen in an interview Raat Ke Rahi was one of the first films to be made with a Christian background.
 Mr. C.B. (Japanese : ミスターシービー April 7 1980 - December 15 2000) was a Japanese thoroughbred racehorse sired by Tosho Boy a son of Tesco Boy out of C.B. Queen a daughter of Topyo. Mr. C.B. won the Japanese Triple Crown in 1983 and was inducted into the Japan Racing Association Hall of Fame in 1986. He died of old age in 2000.
 Hury Reservoir is a reservoir in County Durham England situated in a dale called Baldersdale. The reservoir is located about four miles south of Middleton-in-Teesdale and about three miles west of Cotherstone. It supplies water for Teesdale and is owned by Northumbrian Water. It gets its name from the nearby village of Hury. It is almost adjoined to Blackton Reservoir to the immediate west.
 Count Uesugi Mochinori (上杉 茂憲 April 15 1844 – April 18 1919) was a Japanese samurai of the late Edo period who served as the last daimyo of Yonezawa han in Dewa Province. In the Meiji era he became a government official and briefly served as governor of Okinawa Prefecture.
 Aphnaeus marci is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 Incisimura is an extinct genus of sponge in the family Guadalupiidae that existed during the Permian period in what is now Texas USA. It was described by Robert M. Finks in 2010 and the type species is Incisimura bella.
 Random Lake is a village in Sheboygan County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1594 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Sheboygan Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Limbatochlamys pararosthorni is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Shaanxi Gansu Sichuan and Chongqing).The length of the forewings is 30-32 mm for males and 33-34 mm for females.
 Eurrhyparodes tricoloralis is a moth of the Crambidae family.It occurs in Africa Seychelles Chagos Archipelago Réunion Australia India Japan and Hong Kong.It has been displayed on a 30c stamp of the Cocos Keeling Islands in 1982.
 The Mutiny of the Elisnore is a 1920 American silent action film directed by Edward Sloman and starring Mitchell Lewis Helen Ferguson and Noah Beery Jr.. It is an adaptation of the Jack London novel The Mutiny of the Elsinore.
 Ralph Haller is the tenth Deputy Director of the National Reconnaissance Office.The Deputy Director National Reconnaissance assists the Director and Principal Deputy Director in the day-to-day direction of the NRO and also serves as the senior Air Force Officer for the Air Force civilian and uniformed personnel assigned to NRO.
 Fireworks Still Alive is the fifth live album by the German hard rock band Bonfire. It was released in 2011 by LZ Records and Sony Music. All the live performances on the album were recorded at various venues/concerts by Bonfire throughout Europe. The concept was to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the release of the band's studio album Fireworks and the entire album is presented on the live edition.
 Rowshan Ershad is a Bangladeshi politician who is currently the Leader of the Opposition in the 10th parliament. She is a presidium member of the Jatiya Party and she was the wife of former Bangladesh president Hussain Muhammad Ershad.
 Kate Bolz is a Democratic member of the Nebraska Legislature representing the 29th district.
 The Pârâul Minerului is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Halqeh Basteh (Persian: حلقه بسته‎ also Romanized as Ḩalqeh Basteh) is a village in Gasht Rural District in the Central District of Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 98 in 28 families.
 Mount Popa (Burmese: ပုပ္ပားတောင်; MLCTS: puppa: taung IPA: [pòpá tàʊɴ]) is a volcano 1518 metres (4981 feet) above sea level and located in central Burma (Myanmar) about 50 km (31 mi) southeast of Bagan (Pagan) in the Pegu Range. It can be seen from the Ayeyarwady (Irrawaddy) River as far away as 60 km (37 mi) in clear weather. Mount Popa is perhaps best known as a pilgrimage site with numerous Nat temples and relic sites atop the mountain.
 Luhnau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Flight is a novel written by Sherman Alexie. It is written in the first-person from the viewpoint of a Native American teenager who calls himself Zits a time traveling mass murderer. Zits is a foster child having spent the majority of his life moving from one negative or abusive family experience to another. His friend Justice introduces Zits to a new way of thinking and to the idea of committing random violence.
 Omvati Devi (born 1949) is a politician and a Member of Parliament elected from the Bijnor constituency in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh being a Samajwadi Party candidate.
 Season is a 1989 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed Padmarajan starring Mohanlal and Gavin Packard in lead roles. The film though a failure at the box office stands apart because of Padmarajan's story-telling style realistic portrayal of drug trade in Kovalam and flawless performance of Mohanlal and is considered now as a cult classic.
 Palmadusta asellus is a species of sea snail a cowry a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae the cowries.Subspecies Palmadusta asellus asellus (Linnaeus) Palmadusta asellus bitaeniata (Geret 1903) Palmadusta asellus latefasciata Schilder 1930 Palmadusta asellus vespacea (Melvill 1905)↑ 1.0 1.1
 Gymnasura flavia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1900. It is found in New Guinea and Australia (Queensland).
 Music for Cars is a five-track EP by English alternative rock band The 1975 released on 4 March 2013 through Dirty Hit. It is the third of four EPs released before the band's debut album The 1975.
 Buddy is a 1997 film directed by Caroline Thompson and produced by Columbia Pictures with help from Jim Henson Pictures. It starred Rene Russo as Mrs. Gertrude 'Trudy' Lintz and Robbie Coltrane as her husband.The film was based on the life of a gorilla called Massa with elements of Gertrude Lintz's other gorilla Gargantua (who was called Buddy at the time).
 The Schwalmis is a mountain of the Urner Alps overlooking Lake Lucerne in Central Switzerland. Its 2246 metre high summit lies on the border between the cantons of Nidwalden and Uri.
 Bruce A. McPherson (born January 7 1944) is a California politician who was the 30th California Secretary of State sworn in March 30 2005. He was nominated to replace former Secretary of State Kevin Shelley who resigned on March 4. McPherson a Republican from Santa Cruz County served his term as Secretary until January 8 2007.
 Gonivada is a small village 20 km from Davangere in Karnataka state in India. It is well connected by Davangere-Shimoga Karnataka state highway. The main occupation of the villagers is agriculture the same as thousands of other villages in India. The land is semi-fertile with black and red soil. The chief agricultural product is paddy rice followed by sugarcane as there is a sugar factory nearby. The population of the village is around 2000.
 Charles Joseph Ignace Marie Welter (April 6 1880 – March 28 1972) was a Dutch politician of the Roman-Catholic State Party (RKSP) until the party became the Catholic People's Party (KVP) later his own formed Catholic National Party (KNP) and again the Catholic People's Party (KVP).
 Daniel K. Webster (born April 2 1964 in Stoughton Massachusetts) is an American attorney and politician who represented the 6th Plymouth District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2003 to 2013. Webster is a graduate of Colby College in Maine and Suffolk University Law School in Boston.
 Dokshin is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Louis I. 'Lou' Lang is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 16th District since 1987.Lang was appointed to the Illinois House in 1987 by the Niles Township Democratic organization to fill the vacancy when Lang mentor Representative Alan Greiman became a judge.In May 2000 Lang raised money and formed an exploratory committee for a possible bid for the Democratic nomination for governor in the 2002 race. By July 2001 Lang had raised $1 million.
 The Doftănița River is a tributary of the Dofteana River in Romania.
 Tytsjerk (Dutch: Tietjerk ) is a small village in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province of Friesland in the Netherlands. It had a population of 1539 on December 31 2007.
 Madawaska Lake is a lake covering some 168 km² (65 sq mi) located in Haliburton County Ontario within the boundaries of Algonquin Provincial Park. The only piece of private land on the lake is owned by the Salvation Army.The lake is not accessible by road.
 Ultra Dance 14 is a compilation DJ mix album featuring songs from the dance music genre as well as dance remixes of songs. It is the fourteenth album in the Ultra Dance series and was released by Ultra Records on February 12 2013.The album's cover artwork features Canadian model Danielle Knudson.
 Agos (Armenian: Ակօս Furrow) is an Armenian bilingual weekly newspaper published in Istanbul Turkey. It was established on 5 April 1996. Today Agos has a circulation of over 9000. It has both Armenian and Turkish pages as well as an on-line English edition. Hrant Dink was its chief editor from the newspaper's start until his assassination outside of the newspaper's offices in Istanbul in January 2007.
 La Piscine (The Swimming Pool) is a 1969 Italian-French film directed by Jacques Deray starring Alain Delon Romy Schneider Maurice Ronet and Jane Birkin. Set in summertime on the Côte d'Azur it is a drama of sexual jealousy and possessiveness. French and English-language version of the film have been made which was unusual at a time when movies were always either dubbed or subtitled. It means that the actors have been filmed speaking English for the international version.
 Polyommatus achaemenes is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Skala in 2002. It is only known from very high altitudes (ranging from 3800 to 4000 meters) in the Iranian Zagros range (Kuh-e-Haft Bakhtiari).
 Kukaklek Lake is a lake in southern Alaska near the base of the Alaska Peninsula. Located in Katmai National Park and Preserve the lake is 46080 acres (18650 ha) in area and is the source for the Alagnak River a designated Wild River. Notable for its excellent sport fishing it is rated as one of the top wilderness destinations in Alaska. Wildlife in the area is typical of the Alaskan Peninsula with grizzly bears moose gray wolf and caribou frequently seen around the lake's shores.
 King of the Lost World is a 2005 film produced by The Asylum. The film is a very loose adaptation of The Lost World by Arthur Conan Doyle the creator of Sherlock Holmes but the film bears a closer resemblance to the remake of King Kong released in the same year particularly as both center on a giant ape. Hence King of the Lost World is a mockbuster of said film a tradition that The Asylum usually undergoes.
 Scotura aeroptera is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 12.5-13.0 mm for males and 15.5 mm for females. The ground color of the forewings is creamy bronze in the basal half and bronzy gray in the outer half. The ground color of the hindwings is glossy charcoal gray.The larvae feed on Genipa americana
 Tomie: Another Face (富江 アナザフェイス) is a 1999 Japanese horror film directed by Toshirō Inomata. It is the second installment of the Tomie film series based on a manga of the same name by Junji Ito. This sequel was a set of three V-cinema episodes.
 Premier Youthwork (previously Youthwork) is an evangelical Christian magazine published monthly in the United Kingdom by Premier.The magazine started life in the early 1990s as a supplement of Premier Christianity magazine (known as Alpha at that time). Its prominence in Alpha was due to editor John Buckeridge who had joined the Alpha team in 1989.
 Live in Brazil is an EP by Brazilian hard rock band Dr. Sin. It was released only in Japan with the album Double LIVE! by Yngwie Malmsteen. The Swedish guitarist loved the opening show in Brazil and he decides to launch the Japanese version of 'Double LIVE!' with one EP with four musics of Dr. Sin live. Yngwie Malmsteen & Dr. Sin sold 50.000 records in Japan only in the first week.
 The Hinchiriș River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 George Mark Malloch Brown Baron Malloch-Brown KCMG PC (born 16 September 1953) is a former UK government minister (2007 - 2009) and United Nations Deputy Secretary-General (2006) as well as development specialist at the World Bank and United Nations (1994 - 2005) and a communications consultant and journalist. He was Minister of State in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office of the British government with responsibility for Africa Asia and the United Nations (June 2007 - July 2009).
 Santosh Gangwar (born 1 November 1948) is a former minister of state in Government of India and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He was Member of Parliament for the city of Bareilly between 1989 and 2009. He was also the chief whip of the party in 14th Lok Sabha. He faced defeat in the 15th Lok Sabha Elections 2009 by a very narrow margin.Gangwar is associated with social work and active politics for over three decades.
 The guiding concept behind The Book of Tongues is the impossible. The founding editor-at-large Rustum Kozain undertakes a journey through illusion and disillusion secret desire and the wilderness of the imagination that includes a detour into landscape encounter memory and history - among other diversions.
 Rocketfuel is the second studio album by the Dutch rockband Peter Pan Speedrock.
 The Leaden Flycatcher (Myiagra rubecula) is a species of passerine bird in the family Monarchidae. Around 15 cm (6 in) in length the male is a shiny lead-grey with white underparts while the female has grey upperparts and a rufous throat and breast. It is found in eastern and northern Australia Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical mangrove forests in the northern parts of its range in the south and inland it is eucalypt woodland.
 Red Deer Regional Hospital is a medical facility located in Red Deer Alberta. Alberta Health Services is responsible for the operations of the hospital.
 Sulewo-Prusy [suˈlɛvɔ ˈprusɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Wąsosz 17 km (11 mi) south of Grajewo and 67 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Haji Kombo Mussa is a Tanzanian CUF politician and Member of Parliament for Chake Chake constituency since 2010.
 The British Columbia Penitentiary (BC Penitentiary commonly referred to as the BC Pen and the Pen) was a federal maximum security prison located in New Westminster British Columbia Canada. The BC Penitentiary operated for 102 years from 1878 until it was decommissioned in 1980. It was the first federal penal institution west of Manitoba.
 Seven Standards (1985) Vols. 1 & 2 is a two volume set by free jazz musician Anthony Braxton. It was recorded January 30 – 31 1985. The album is less free than most of Braxton's previous work and features jazz standards arranged in the usual jazz-combo style.
 Trypanidius nocturnus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae and the only species in the genus Trypanidius. It was described by Fisher in 1942.
 The Hand of Glory is a 2002 young-adult novel by Sophie Masson. Set in Melbourne in the mid 19th century it follows the stories of two young people: Sylvia Hoveden who has come from Britain to search for her brother and Anje Otsoa who is searching for his parents' killer.
 African Issues was an academic journal that published short articles analyzing contemporary policies toward Africa in Africa and involving the Africanist community. A former title is Issue: A Journal of Opinion. The journal was established in 1971 and ceased publication in 2004.
 Jaru (Persian: جارو‎ also Romanized as Jārū; also known as Jārn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Haftgel County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 21 families.
 Mordella laterufescens is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.
 Abra River is the 6th largest river system in the Philippines in terms of watershed size. It has an estimated drainage area of 5125 square kilometers and a length of 178 kilometers from its source in the vicinity of Mount Data in the Benguet province.
 BBC History Magazine is a British publication devoted to history articles on both British and world history and are aimed at all levels of knowledge and interest. The publication releases thirteen editions a year one per month and a Christmas special edition and is owned by BBC Worldwide but is published under license by the Immediate Media Company.
 Dysgonia leucogramma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Zeh-e Ruzehi (Persian: زهروزهي‎ also Romanized as Zeh-e Rūzeh’ī and Zehrūzehī) is a village in Margan Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 472 in 86 families.
 Without a Paddle: Nature's Calling is a 2009 direct-to-video spin-off from the 2004 film Without a Paddle. There is no connection to the first film and none of the original actors return.It was released on DVD in the US on January 13 2009 and in the UK on March 23 2009.
 Dear Lemon Lima is a 2009 family comedy feature film written and directed by Suzi Yoonessi. Based on her short film of the same name and developed with the support of Film Independent and its Filmmaker Labs this film is about a 13-year-old half-Yup’ik girl navigating her way through first heartbreak and the perils of prep school in Fairbanks Alaska.
 Winged Victory is a 1944 American drama film directed by George Cukor a joint effort of 20th Century Fox and the U.S. Army Air Forces. Based upon the play of the same name by Moss Hart who also wrote the screenplay the film only opened after the play's theatre run.
 Scissurella georgica is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Scissurellidae.
 Jiaodontus is an extinct genus of lonchidiid cartilaginous fish which existed in Liuhuanggou Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region northwestern China during the late Jurassic (Oxfordian age). Fossils have been found in the Qigu Formation China. It was first named by Stefanie Klug Thomas Tütken Oliver Wings Hans-Ulrich Pfretzschner and Thomas Martin in 2010 and the type species is Jiaodontus montaltissimus.
 Mordellistena arcifer is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1965 by Ermisch.
 The Paturau River (sometimes spelt Patarau) is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. One of the northernmost rivers in the South Island it flows predominantly north from its sources in the Wakamarama Range to reach the Tasman Sea 20 kilometres west of Collingwood.
 Onay (Arabic: انی‎) is a village in Helmand Province in southwestern Afghanistan.
 The Ultimate Aural Orgasm is the twelfth studio album by Scooter. Two singles were released from it: Behind The Cow and Lass Uns Tanzen. This is the first album released with new member Michael Simon. Its artwork is an homage to the 1987 album Music for the Masses by Depeche Mode.
 Harttia novalimensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Das Velhas River basin. This species grows to a length of 5.8 centimetres (2.3 in) SL.
 The Film That Changed My Life (also known as The Film That Changed My Life: 30 Directors on Their Epiphanies in the Dark) is a non-fiction collection of interviews compiled by American journalist author and film columnist Robert K. Elder. The book presents interviews with thirty famous directors who share stories about the movies that affected their career paths and directing styles.
 Atan Rud (Persian: اتان رود‎ also Romanized as Ātān Rūd) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District Rudbar-e Alamut District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 10 families.
 Ambara (Kannada: ಅಂಬರ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada language romance film written and directed by Sen Prakash. The film stars Yogesh and Bhama in the lead roles. Anand Raj has produced the film under Aura Cinemas banner. Abhiman Roy has scored the music and Soori is the cinematographer.
 Holy Land Hardball (2008) is a documentary film about starting a professional baseball league in Israel. It is the story of the founding of the Israel Baseball League.
 Pomorzanki [pɔmɔˈʐaŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Gostynin and 117 km (73 mi) west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Horton House (also known as Horton-duBignon House Brewery Ruins duBignon Cemetery) is a historic site on Riverview Drive in Jekyll Island Georgia.The tabby house was originally constructed in 1743 by Major William Horton a top military aide to General James Oglethorpe. Horton also brewed beer in Georgia's first brewery (the ruins of which are a few hundred yards down the road).
 Grey Star the Wizard is the first book in the World of Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever and written by Ian Page. It is one of four books in the mini-series and features Grey Star for whom the first book is named a young Wizard trained by the enigmatic Shianti to stop the Wytch-King and his Shadakine Empire. All four of the Grey Star books were released by Project Aon along with many of the other installments of the Lone Wolf series.
 Arizona Business Gazette is a business newspaper in Phoenix Arizona owed by Gannett Company. A spin off of The Arizona Republic is was downsized in 1997 and now mainly focuses on real-estate and local business news. It has a circulation of 1208.
 William M. Connell School is a historic school located at 650 Plymouth Avenue in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was designed by notable city architect Joseph M. Darling on the same plan as the Davol School.
 Mariano Marcos y Rubio (April 21 1897 – March 8 1945) was a lawyer and a politician from Ilocos Norte Philippines.
 Blood Price is the first novel in Tanya Huff's series about private investigator Victoria (Vicky) Nelson her new immortal helper bastard son of Henry VIII Henry FitzRoy 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset or simply Henry Fitzroy and her former lover and colleague Detective - Sergeant Mike Cellucci. It was published in 1991 and followed by four subsequent novels: Blood Trail (1992) Blood Lines (1992) Blood Pact (1993) Blood Debt (1997) and one short stories collection - Blood Bank.
 Novel is a 2008 Malayalam film produced and directed by East Coast Vijayan. This is East Coast Vijayan's debut directorial film.
 La hermana dinamita (The Dynamite Sister) is a 1969 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Radetzky March (German: Radetzkymarsch 1932) by Joseph Roth chronicles the decline and fall of the Austro-Hungarian Empire via the story of the Trotta family. Radetzkymarsch is an early novelistic example of a story that features the recurring fictional narrative participation of a historical figure the Emperor Franz Josef I of Austria (1830–1916). Roth continues his account of the Trotta family to the time of the Anschluss in his The Emperor's Tomb (Kapuzinergruft 1938).
 Mahnabad (Persian: مهن اباد‎ also Romanized as Mahnābād; also known as Mahābād and Mahīnābād) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 360 in 68 families.
 Clear Lake is a brackish lake located near Houston Texas USA in Harris County. The lake feeds Galveston Bay. It is bordered by Houston (Clear Lake City) Pasadena League City Clear Lake Shores Taylor Lake Village and El Lago Texas. NASA's Johnson Space Center lies near its shores.The lake is a major recreation center and home to one of the largest concentrations of recreational boats and marinas in the nation.
 The Gray Furcula Moth (Furcula cinerea) is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in the United States southern Canada and the Northwest Territories.The wingspan is 33–45 mm. The forewings are light grey with medium grey median and subterminal areas. The hindwings are light greyish white with a dark discal spot and a terminal line of black dots. Adults are on wing from April to September in the south and from May to August in the north. There are two generations per year in the south.
 Australochus is an genus of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.
 The remains of the Château de Bar-sur-Seine are the ruins of a medieval French fortified castle destroyed in the 16th century. The site is in the town of Bar-sur-Seine in the Aube département.The historic importance of the castle was due to its position on the frontier between Champagne (a vassal County of the King of France) and the Burgundy (a Duchy allied with the English) during the Hundred Years War. At the time the Château de Bar sur Seine was considered the most important in Burgundy.
 Eulimella protofunis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Biała Piska 25 km (16 mi) east of Pisz and 110 km (68 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 A New Alice in the Old Wonderland is a novel by Anna Matlack Richards written in 1895 and published by J. B. Lippincott of Philadelphia. It is according to Carolyn Sigler one of the more important Alice imitations or novels inspired by Lewis Carroll's Alice books.It concerns Alice Lee an American girl with a coincidental name visiting Wonderland and meeting all the characters she has read about in the original Alice book.
 Kein Ärger mit Cleopatra (English-language title: No Trouble with Cleopatra) is an East German comedy film directed by Helmut Schneider. It was released in 1960.
 The Blob Sculpin (Psychrolutes phrictus) is a species of deep-sea fish of the Psychrolutidae family. It feeds mainly on crustaceans molluscs and sea urchins.It lives off the continental shelves in very deep water (839–2800 m) in the North Pacific ocean by the coasts of Japan the Bering Sea and California. When the female lays eggs the male guards them. Blob sculpin have spikes on their scales to protect them from enemies.[citation needed]
 Barbara M. Stafford (born May 7 1953) is a former member of the Virginia House of Delegates. She was preceded by her husband Jeff Stafford who died in office in 1990. Her district included parts of Bland Giles and Tazewell counties.
 Rütavere is a village in Sauga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 The John Hunter Hospital (sometimes known as the JHH or more colloquially the John) is the principal referral centre and a community hospital for Newcastle Lake Macquarie and Northern New South Wales. It is the main teaching hospital of the University of Newcastle. The hospital contains the only trauma centre in New South Wales outside of the Sydney Metropolitan Area and has the busiest emergency department in the state.
 Ooh La La is the final studio album by rock and roll band Faces released in April 1973.
 The Town Center at Aurora (formerly known as Aurora Mall) is an enclosed two-level regional shopping center located in Aurora Colorado and covers a leasable area over 1 million square feet. It lies at the center of the commercial and retail district in the area adjacent to Aurora City Square Aurora City Place and Aurora Park Shopping Center a strip mall.
 God Bless the Child is a 1988 film directed by Lary Elikann. It depicts the struggle of homelessness and the perpetual cycle of poverty and how it affects people and tells the story of the sacrifices of a single mother Theresa Johnson (played by Mare Winningham) in hope of a better life for her daughter Hillary Johnson (played by Grace Johnston).
 Walker House also known as the William Walker House is a historic home located at Warren Albemarle County Virginia. It was built between 1803 and 1805 and is a one-story three-bay hipped-roof brick house on a high English basement. It has a one-story one-bay shed-roofed brick addition built in 1978. It was built by James Walker a long time employee of Thomas Jefferson.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Leiocassis is a genus of bagrid catfishes found mostly in Southeast Asia with some species occurring in China.This genus has a confused taxonomy and there is uncertainty surrounding the number of valid species. Certain East Asian bagrids formerly placed in this genus have been moved to Pseudobagrus. In 2006 Heok Hee Ng considered the genus Leiocassis to be restricted to Sundaic Southeast Asia and Borneo and only a handful of species as valid (L. aculeatus L. collinus L. hosii L.
 The Saudades River (upper Chapecó River) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Liberty School No. 4 Friendship Building is a former elementary school (now a Montessori school) in the Friendship neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1899. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Juxtolena omphalia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Chashkhvoran-e Pain (Persian: چاشخوران پائين‎ also Romanized as Chāshkhvorān-e Pā’īn; also known as Chāsht Khvorān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Burlington is a historic plantation home located near Barboursville Orange County Virginia. The main house was built in 1851-1852 and is a two-story three-bay T-shaped residence with a shallow hipped roof in the Greek Revival style. It has a traditional I-house plan with an ell addition. The front facade features a portico with six Greek Ionic order columns with a plain entablature. It has a Jeffersonian Chinese lattice balcony cantilevered on the second floor.
 Succinea guamensis is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Succineidae the amber snails.
 Lipówiec [liˈpuvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Ojrzeń 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Ciechanów and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Dicerogastra chersotoides is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Israel Jordan Saudi Arabia and Oman.Adults are on wing from September to November in semi-arid areas and from June to July in temperate regions. There are possibly two generations per year.
 Coptophalangium buniger is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Phalangiidae.
 I Thought About You (思いはあなただけ Omoi wa anata dake) is a 1997 Japanese Pink film directed by Yukio Kitazawa. It was chosen as Best Film of the year at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Lubomyśle [lubɔˈmɨɕlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Ślesin 17 km (11 mi) north of Konin and 93 km (58 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Heteroscarus acroptilus the Rainbow cale is a species of weed whiting endemic to Australia where it is found in marine waters along the southern coast. It inhabits rocky reefs that have plentiful growth of brown algae and also in beds of seagrass (particularly those of the genus Posidonia. It occurs at depths of from 1 to 15 metres (3.3 to 49.2 ft). This species grows to a length of 24 centimetres (9.4 in) SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 Zagaty [zaˈɡatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Chorzele 25 km (16 mi) north of Przasnysz and 113 km (70 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Taurožė is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 8.8 kilometres and has a basin area of 9.5 km².It is a tributary of the Šventoji River.
 Shavers Mountain is a high and rugged ridge situated in the Allegheny Mountains of eastern West Virginia USA. It is about 35 miles (56 km) long north to south and several of its peaks exceed 4000 feet (1200 m) in elevation. Shavers Mountain is notable for being “bookended” at its northern and southern ends by two exceptional natural areas: the Otter Creek Wilderness and the Gaudineer Scenic Area respectively both of which preserve small stands of old growth forest on the mountain.
 Lake Arpi (Armenian: Արփի լիճ) is located in the Shirak Province of Armenia in the northwestern part of the country. The lake level is at an altitude of 2023 m. The lake area is 22 square kilometres. The area was increased artificially in the 1950s from the natural state of 4.5 square kilometres and the lake has become the second most important water body of Armenia next to Lake Sevan. It is used for irrigation and hydropower production.
 Andrew Caldwell Mailer (April 4 1853 – December 3 1909) was an American politician. He was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate representing Wisconsin's 2nd Senate District from 1897 to 1901. He was a member of the Republican Party.Mailer was born in DePere Wisconsin and attended Lawrence University in Appleton the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor Rush Medical College in Chicago and the Bellevue Hospital Medical College in New York.
 Dąbrowica [dɔmbrɔˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Długołęka and 17 km (11 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Marching Out is the second studio album by guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen released on 30 September 1985 through Polydor Records. The eighth track On the Run Again is a remake of Victim of the City a 1983 song by Malmsteen's earlier band Steeler which was later released on their 2005 compilation album Metal Generation: The Steeler Anthology.
 Spirit in the System is the second studio album from British band The Qemists. The album was released on 7 July 2010 under record label Ninja Tune. On 26 May 2010 the band announced the album was complete. The album artwork was created by Glenn Fabry.On 14 June 2012 the band announced they had completed the music video for the single Hurt Less featuring Jenna G. The video was directed by Keith McCarthy.
 Empis borealis is a species of dance fly in the fly family Empididae. It is found in most of Europe except the Balkan Peninsula the Baltic Region and the Iberian Peninsula.
 Glyphipterix dolichophyses is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Diakonoff in 1978. It is found in China.
 Bush's Brain: How Karl Rove Made George W. Bush Presidential is a book by James Moore and Wayne Slater that chronicles the political career of Karl Rove and the role he has played in the elections of George W. Bush both when running for Governor of Texas and for President. It was published in 2003 by John Wiley & Sons Inc. ISBN 0-471-47140-2.In 2004 a documentary film was directed and produced by Joseph Mealey and Michael Paradies Shoob with the shortened title Bush's Brain.
 Leonard J. Bodack is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate in the United States.
 Ghislain Maltais (born April 22 1944) is a Canadian politician. He was appointed to the Canadian Senate by Stephen Harper on January 6 2012 and sits as a Conservative representing the Senate division of Shawinigan (Quebec).He was born in Sacré-Coeur Quebec and studied at the Université du Québec à Rimouski. Maltais was an unsuccessful Liberal candidate in the 1981 Quebec election but won a by-election on June 20 1983.
 The Punisher: The Album is the official soundtrack for the film The Punisher and was released in 2004 by Wind-Up Records. Its lead singles were Broken by Seether and Evanescence frontwoman Amy Lee Step Up by Drowning Pool and Eyes Wired Shut by Edgewater all of which have accompanying music videos.
 The Valea Pietrei Mici River is a tributary of the Timișul Sec de Jos River in Romania. The Tamina Waterfall is located on this river.
 Biochemical Society Transactions is an academic journal which publishes the transactions of the annual conference and focused meetings of the Biochemical Society together with independent meetings supported by the Society. The Society's annual symposium previously published only in Biochemical Society Symposia was first published in Transactions in 2008. Established in 1973 the journal is currently published six times a year by Portland Press the Society's publishing arm from London UK.
 Muppet Beach Party is a music and comedy record released by The Jim Henson Company through BMG Kidz in 1993. The album consisted of the Muppets having an all-day beach party and performing popular songs mostly from the 1960s. Similar to The Muppet Show albums from the late 70s the album divides song tracks with Muppet dialogue. It was released in CD and cassette form with the latter including a poster with lyrics on the opposite side.
 Helmcken House is a museum in Victoria British Columbia located in Thunderbird Park. It was built by Dr. John Sebastian Helmcken the first doctor in Victoria in 1852 a surgeon with the Hudson's Bay Company. It is currently claimed to be the oldest house in British Columbia that is open to the public. Some interesting items on display include his medical kit.
 Léon Mercier Gouin (December 24 1891 – October 16 1983) was a French Canadian author barrister professor and politician.Born in Montreal Quebec the eldest son of Lomer Gouin the Premier of Quebec from 1905 to 1920 and the grandson of Honoré Mercier the Quebec Premier from 1887 to 1891 he received a Bachelor's degree from Loyola College in 1911 and studied at Oxford University. His brother Paul Gouin was also a politician. In 1917 he married Yvette Ollivier.
 Admiralty House in London is a Grade I listedbuilding facing Whitehall currently used for UK government functions and as ministerial flats. It was opened in 1788 and until 1964 was the official residence of the First Lords of the Admiralty.
 The Grisly Wife is a 1993 Miles Franklin literary award winning novel by the Australian author Rodney Hall.The Miles Franklin Award Judges' Report called it a novel with a rather surprising vision. This novel is the third book in The Yandilli Trilogy (also referred to as A Dream More Luminous Than Love) following the novels Captivity Captive in 1988 and The Second Bridgeroom in 1991.
 Contact is the eleventh studio album by the American vocal group The Pointer Sisters released in 1985 on the RCA label.
 Gli Amanti Latini (Latin Lovers) is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Costa.
 De Zuid-Afrikaan was a nineteenth-century Dutch language newspaper based in Cape Town that circulated throughout the Cape Colony published between 1830 and 1930.The paper was founded by the advocate Christoffel Johan Brand on 9 April 1830 and played a major role in providing a mouthpiece for the more educated sections of the Cape Dutch community. In 1930 the paper finally succumbed to falling circulation figures resulting from the popularity of the Afrikaans language paper Die Burger.
 Crimes of the Heart is a play by Beth Henley.
 Lac du Crescent is a lake in Nièvre France. At an elevation of 300 m its surface area is 1.65 km².
 Tom Sawyer Detective is an 1896 novel by Mark Twain. It is a sequel to The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (1876) Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (1884) and a prequel to Tom Sawyer Abroad (1894). Tom Sawyer attempts to solve a mysterious murder in this burlesque of the immensely popular detective novels of the time. Like Adventures of Huckleberry Finn the story is told using the first-person narrative voice of Huck Finn.
 Jamnica [jamˈɲit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka Wielka within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of center of Nowy Sącz and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 720.
 Schoolboy Crush (2004) is a controversial gay pornographic film directed by Bryan Kocis (under the industry name Bryan Phillips) released on Cobra Video and cast with: Brent Everett and Sean Paul Lockhart under the stage name Brent Corrigan. Corrigan being underage at the time of filming led to legal actions against Phillips and the withdrawal of the film Schoolboy Crush from the Cobra Video film catalog.
 Lutèce was a French restaurant in Manhattan that operated for more than 40 years before closing in early 2004. It once had a satellite restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip.It was famous for its Alsatian onion tart and a sauteed foie gras with dark chocolate sauce and bitter orange marmalade.
 That's Life is a studio album released in 2005 by American country music artist Neal McCoy. It was released on his own 903 Music label. Three singles were released from this album: Billy's Got His Beer Goggles On the first of these three reached #10 on the Hot Country Songs charts in 2005 becoming McCoy's first Top Ten hit since The Shake in 1997. The Last of a Dying Breed peaked at #36 while Tail on the Tailgate failed to chart.
 Bald Hill is a hill on the Illawarra Range in the state of New South Wales Australia. With an elevation of approximately 300 metres (980 ft) AMSL[citation needed] Bald Hill is one of the best known and most popular lookouts in the Illawarra region providing panoramic vistas across the Illawarra escarpment and over the Illawarra plain and the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean. The nature reserve on the hill is internationally renown as a major hang gliding and paragliding site.
 Janosi or Yanoshi (Ukrainian: Яноші Hungarian: Makkosjánosi ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.
 Gendi Khori-ye Vosta (Persian: گندي خوري وسطي‎ also Romanized as Gendī Khorī-ye Vostá; also known as Gendī Khorī-ye Mīānī) is a village in Tut-e Nadeh Rural District in the Central District of Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 24 families.
 Lakas Tama is the debut studio album by comedian Vice Ganda released by Vicor Records June 15 2011. It has 8 tracks 5 original songs and 3 revivals.
 Maladolescenza (German: Spielen wir Liebe) is a 1977 film directed by Pier Giuseppe Murgia.
 Sooriyamanal is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Muhammad Ayub Khan (Urdu: محمد ایوب خان‎; May 14 1907 –April 19 1974) widely known as Ayub was a five-star general officer and statesman serving as the second President of Pakistan from 1958 until his forced resignation in 1969.
 A Liar's Autobiography Volume VI is a comical autobiography written by Graham Chapman of Monty Python fame featuring a fictionalised account of his life. First published in Britain in 1980 it was republished in 1991 1999 and 2011.Unusually for an autobiography the work is credited inside to five authors: Chapman his partner David Sherlock Alex Martin Douglas Adams and David A. Yallop.
 Skrzypiec [ˈskʂɨpjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Gidle 15 km (9 mi) south of Radomsko and 94 km (58 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 The South Puyallup River Bridge was built in 1930-31 in Mount Rainier National Park as part of the West Side Road project planned to link the park's Nisqually and Carbon River entrances. The stone-faced reinforced concrete bridge was designed by the National Park Service and the Bureau of Public Roads. It spans 42 feet (13 m) and is almost 35 feet (11 m) wide carrying two lanes of traffic.The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13 1991.
 Gandicheruvu or Gandi Cheruvu is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Hayathnagar mandal.
 Ansorgia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Jimmy L. Love Sr. is a Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's 51st House district since 2006.
 Khalihenna Ould Errachid (Arabic: خلي هنا ولد الرشيد‎ name also transliterated from Arabic as Khalihenna Wald Al Rasheed and other variations) is the Sahrawi chairman of the Royal Advisory Council for Saharan Affairs (CORCAS) a Moroccan government body active in the non-self-governing territory of Western Sahara.
 Greg L. Adams (born February 6 1952) is the Speaker of the Nebraska Legislature.
 The League of Gentlemen is a 1960 British crime drama directed by Basil Dearden and starring Jack Hawkins Nigel Patrick Roger Livesey and Richard Attenborough. It was based on the 1958 novel by John Boland and adapted by Bryan Forbeswho also starred in the film.
 Barbatovac is a village in the municipality of Blace Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 356 people.
 Henry Roberto Cuellar (born September 19 1955) is the U.S Representative for Texas's 28th congressional district serving since 2005. He is a member of the Democratic Party. The district extends from the Rio Grande to the suburbs of San Antonio including nearby Wilson County.Outside of politics he has served as a professor at the Texas A&M International University (TAMIU) in Laredo Texas.
 Slaughtered Vomit Dolls is a 2006 Canadian-American horror film written and directed by Lucifer Valentine who coined vomit gore as a new subgenre. The film had a simultaneous DVD and limited theatrical release on February 14 2006.
 The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy Gentleman (or more briefly Tristram Shandy) is a humorous novel by Laurence Sterne. It was published in nine volumes the first two appearing in 1759 and seven others following over the next seven years (vols. 3 and 4 1761; vols. 5 and 6 1762; vols. 7 and 8 1765; vol. 9 1767). Probably Sterne's most enduring work it purports to be a biography of the titular character.
 The Church of St Clare Liverpool is located on the corner of Arundel Avenue and York Avenue in the Sefton Park area of Liverpool Merseyside England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is an active Roman Catholic parish church in the Archdiocese of Liverpool and the Pastoral Area of Liverpool South. It is the only Grade I listed Roman Catholic church in the Archdiocese of Liverpool.
 Leïla Ben Ali (Arabic: ليلى بن علي‎ née Trabelssi; born 24 October 1956) is the wife of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali the former president of the Tunisian Republic. She was the president of the defunct Arab Women Organization and chair of the Basma Association a charitable organization working to secure employment for the disabled. In July 2010 Mrs. Ben Ali founded the extinct SAIDA to improve care for cancer patients in Tunisia.
 Pawon (known locally as Candi Pawon) is a Buddhist temple in Central Java Indonesia. Located between two other Buddhist temples Borobudur (1.75 km (1.09 mi) to the northeast) and Mendut (1.15 km (0.71 mi) to the southwest) Pawon is connected with the other two temples all of which were built during the Sailendra dynasty (8th–9th centuries).
 Road Rage is a 1999 American made-for-TV movie a thriller starring Yasmine Bleeth and Jere Burns. It was first broadcast on NBC on October 3 1999.
 The Life of Larry and Larry & Steve are two animated short films created by Seth MacFarlane in the mid 1990s that eventually led to the development of the animated sitcom Family Guy. MacFarlane originally created The Life of Larry as a thesis film in 1995 while studying at the Rhode Island School of Design. His professor at RISD submitted MacFarlane's cartoon to Hanna-Barbera where he was hired a year later.
 St Ann's Hospital is a psychiatric hospital located in the Canford Cliffs area of Poole Dorset run by Dorset HealthCare University NHS Foundation Trust. It was designed by Robert Weir Shultz and opened in 1912 at a cost of £46500.00.
 Not to be confused with La guzla de l'émir a comic opera by Théodore DuboisLa Guzla ou Choix de poesies illyriques recueillies dans la Dalmatie la Bosnie La Croatie et l'Hertzegowine (The Guzla or a Selection of Illyric Poems Collected in Dalmatia Bosnia Croatia and Herzegovina) was an 1827 literary hoax of Prosper Mérimée.It was presented as a collection of translations of folk ballads narrated by a guzlar (gusle player) Hyacinthe Maglanović complete with invented commentaries.The Russian poet Alexander Pushkin translated some of the ballads from La Guzla into his cycle Songs of the Western Slavs.
 Domanie [dɔˈmaɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Cherokee Public Library in Cherokee Iowa was designed by Frank E. Wetherell. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Journal of Aerospace Engineering Part G of the Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research in applied sciences and technology dealing with aircraft and spacecraft as well as their support systems. The journal was first published in 1989 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of IMechE.
 Łąka [ˈwɔnka] (German Lonkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczyna within Pszczyna County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Pszczyna and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 2690.
 Questions of Truth is a book by John Polkinghorne and Nicholas Beale which offers their responses to 51 questions about science and religion. The foreword is contributed by Antony Hewish.The book was launched at a workshop at the 2009 American Association for the Advancement of Science Annual Meeting in Chicago and then in the UK at a discussion at the Royal Society chaired by Onora O'Neill in a week when it was also featured on the Today Programme.
 Monte Pulito is a small village (curazia) located in San Marino. It belongs to the castle of Faetano.
 Lake Harris is a small alpine lake near the Harris Saddle on the Routeburn Track in the South Island of New Zealand.
 The Cartel is a 2009 American documentary film by New Jersey-based television producer reporter and news anchor Bob Bowdon that covers the failures of public education in the United States by focusing on New Jersey which has the highest level of per-student education spending in the U.S.
 A Beautiful EP is an EP release by indie rock band Clem Snide. It was released primarily to capitalize on the band's performance of the Christina Aguilera single Beautiful during live shows.Two versions were released one for the United States market on spinART Records and a European version on Fargo Records with extra tracks.
 1227 QI Facts To Blow Your Socks Off is the sixth in a series of books based on the intellectual British panel game QI written by series-creator John Lloyd director of research John Mitchinson and chief researcher James Harkin. Published on 1 November 2012 (September 9 2013 in the US) it is a trivia book containing 1227 facts collected during the making of the series which had been ten years in the making at the time of publication.
 Dangerous Game is a 1987 Australian film directed by Stephen Hopkins.
 Road to Paloma is an upcoming American drama thriller film directed procuced co-written by and starring Jason Momoa.. It co-stars Sarah Shahi Lisa Bonet Michael Raymond-James and Wes Studi. The film will be released on July 11 2014.
 Gymnothorax hepaticus is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian Oceans. It was first named by Eduard Rüppell in 1830 and is commonly known as the Liver-colored moray eel.
 The Arizona Daily Wildcat is a student newspaper serving the University of Arizona. It was founded in 1899 as the Sage Green and Silver. Previous names include Arizona Weekly Life University Life Arizona Life and Arizona Wildcat. Its distribution is within the university and the Tucson Arizona metropolitan area. It has a distribution of 20000. It is published daily during the spring and fall semesters and weekly during the summer months as the Arizona Summer Wildcat.
 Live is the first live album by Swedish doom metal band Candlemass released in 1990.
 The Patton Building is a historic commercial office building at 15-19 Hampden Street in Springfield Massachusetts. It was built c. 1872 and is noted for its association with William Patton one of Springfield's most successful businessmen of the late 19th century and his son William Junior a real estate developer.
 Wasa Mayu (Quechua wasa the human back or the back of an animal mayu river back river hispanicized spelling Huasa Mayu) is a Bolivian river in the Cochabamba Department Tiraque Province Tiraque Municipality and in the Carrasco Province. It is a left tributary of Ivirizu River the most important affluent of San Matéo River.
 Entenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Zāyandé-Rūd or Zāyanderūd (Persian: زاینده رود‎ from زاینده [zɑːjændɛ] “life giver” and رود [rʊːd] “river”) also spelled as Zayandeh-Rood or Zayanderood is the largest river in the central plateau of Iran.The Zayandeh starts in the Zagros Mountains and flows 400 kilometres (200 mi) eastward before ending in the Gavkhouni swamp a seasonal salt lake southeast of Isfahan city. The Zayandeh has significant flow all year long unlike many of Iran's rivers which are seasonal.
 Dark Mountain formerly also known as Black Mountain is a mountain in the Tanzilla Plateau of the Northern Interior of British Columbia Canada located northeast of the settlement of Dease Lake near Cry Lake.
 For the title song see We're an American Band (song). For the unrelated Yo La Tengo song see I Can Hear the Heart Beating as One.We're An American Band is the seventh studio album by American hard rock band Grand Funk Railroad credited as Grand Funk. The album was released by Capitol Records on July 15 1973 (see 1973 in music) and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America a little over a month after its release. Two singles were released from the album.
 Melanie Meier (born August 25 1967) is a Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives representing the 40th district. She was called up for active duty and replaced by Don Navinsky in February 2009. Once Meier's tour of duty in Iraq was complete in January 2010 Navinsky relinquished the seat and Meier resumed her duties at the State House. She was re-elected to a second term in November 2010.
 Mauricio Cárdenas Santa María (born 9 June 1962) is the current Minister of Finance and Public Credit and former Minister of Mines and Energy of Colombia serving in the administration of President Juan Manuel Santos Calderón. Prior to this he was a Senior Fellow and Director of the Latin America Initiative at the Brookings Institution.
 Tariq al-Hashimi (Arabic: طارق الهاشمي‎ Țāriq al-Hāshamī; born 1942) is an Iraqi politician who served as the general secretary of the Iraqi Islamic Party (IIP) until May 2009. Along with Adil Abdul-Mahdi he served as the Vice President of Iraq in the government formed after the December 2005 elections for five years. He has been serving as the Vice President (along with Khodair al-Khozaei) since 2011. As a Sunni he took the place of fellow Sunni politician Ghazi al-Yawar.
 Shadow Mountain Trail is a trail 4.8 miles long on east side of Shadow Mountain Lake near Grand Lake Colorado. It is also known as or is associated with Echo Mountain Trail Lookout Mountain Trail and Pine Ridge Trail. The trail was rebuilt in 1930 by the National Park Service; trail design reflects NPS Naturalistic Design of the 1920s to 1940s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. The listing included 8 acres (3.2 ha) with one contributing structure.
 Phymatodes amoenus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Say in 1824.
 40 Pounds of Trouble is a 1962 film directed by Norman Jewison that marks his directorial debut. The film was shot on location at Disneyland and Lake Tahoe. It is a retelling of Damon Runyon's story Little Miss Marker.
 Hotel Lautréamont is a 1992 poetry collection by the American writer John Ashbery. The title comes from the symbolist poet Comte de Lautréamont.
 Braveheart is the soundtrack album to the 1995 film Braveheart.The soundtrack for Braveheart was composed and conducted by James Horner and performed by the London Symphony Orchestra. It is Horner's second of three collaborations with Mel Gibson as director. The soundtrack comprising 77 minutes of film score was noticeably successful; album co-producer Simon Rhodes produced a follow-up soundtrack in 1997 titled More Music from Braveheart.
 Horim Museum is a museum in Seoul South Korea.The museum was founded by Yun Jang-seob (윤장섭 尹章燮) who after setting up the Sungbo Cultural Foundation (성보문화재단 成保文化財團) in July 1981 to purchase antiquities established the Horim Museum in October 1982 at Daechi-dong Gangnam-gu by leasing one floor of a building.
 Down in Albion is the debut album by Babyshambles Pete Doherty's post-Libertines band.Down in Albion was released on 14 November 2005 on Rough Trade Records although it was leaked on to the Internet on 19 October 2005. Produced by Mick Jones Down in Albion contains a rerecorded version of their second single Killamangiro as well as a reggae track Pentonville. The influence of The Clash has been noted on songs such as À rebours and The 32nd of December.
 The Bregenzer Ache is the main river of the Bregenz Forest in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is a tributary to Lake Constance.
 Welcome to the New is the eighth studio album from Christian rock band MercyMe which released on April 8 2014 by Fair Trade Services and Columbia Records and the producers are David Garcia and Ben Glover.It debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Christian Album chart No. 1 and No. 4 on the Billboard 200 chart selling 26000 copies in its first week. The lead single from the album is Shake which has peaked at No.
 Mount Vernon Hospital is one of two hospitals run by The Hillingdon Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust located in Northwood.
 Bridge in Athens Township is a historic Pennsylvania (petit) truss bridge in Athens Township and Athens Bradford County Pennsylvania. It spans the Susquehanna River. It was built between 1913 and 1916 and measures 540 feet (164.6 m) long. It has two spans; one measuring 253 feet (77.1 m) long and built by the Penn Bridge Co. and the second measuring 287 feet (87.5 m) long and built by the Bethlehem Steel Bridge Co.The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Fusinus flavicomus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Lars Løkke Rasmussen (Danish: [lɑːs ˈløɡ̊ə]; 15 May 1964) is a Danish politician who served as Prime Minister of Denmark from April 2009 to October 2011. He is the leader of the centre-right liberal party Venstre.Rasmussen has been a member of the Danish parliament (Folketinget) since 21 September 1994. He also served as County Mayor of Frederiksborg County from 1998 to 2001.
 Khalilan-e Sofla (Persian: خليلان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Khalīlān-e Soflá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 26 in 5 families.
 Malacoctenus tetranemus the Throatspotted blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of the Americas from the Gulf of California to Peru as well as around the Galapagos Islands. It inhabits rocky areas where it lives in tide pools and shallows generally at depths of from 6 to 23 metres (20 to 75 ft). This species can reach a length of 7.5 centimetres (3.0 in) TL.
 Somalibelus is a genus of belemnite an extinct group of cephalopods.
 Coathanger Antennae is an album by Diesel released in 2006. The album reached a peak of #23 on the ARIA Album Charts on July 3 2006.Crazytown was the first single released from the album.
 Stephy Fantasy is an album by Stephy Tang and it was released on March 28 2006.The tracks on the album are: 禮物 (Gift) 零與零之間 (Between Zero) 十分．愛 (A Lot of Love) 自由自在 (Free) 姊妹淘 (Sisters) 被遺棄的公主 (Abandoned Princess) 占星術 (The Art of Astrology) 蝴蝶飛了 (The Butterfly Flew) 天使/魔鬼 (Angel/Devil) 蘋果 (Apple) So Sweet 十分．愛 (A Lot of Love - featuring Alex Fong)
 Unexplained Fevers is a book of poetry that was written by Jeannine Hall Gailey and published by New Binary Press in 2013. This collection Gailey's third deals again with issues that affect contemporary women such as body image illness and how to deal with the limiting social norms and expectations of women. Familiar Grimms fairy tale characters make repeated appearances in this collection including The Snow Queen Rapunzel Red Riding Hood Snow White and Rose Red.
 Mrs Craddock is a novel by William Somerset Maugham first published in 1902.
 Anbar Sara (Persian: عنبرسرا‎ also Romanized as ‘Anbar Sarā and Anbār Sarā; also known as ‘Ambar Sarāi and ‘Anbar Sara’ī) is a village in Zaveh Rural District in the Central District of Zaveh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 815 in 170 families.
 Mouse Noses on Toast is a children's book written by Daren King and illustrated by David Roberts published in 2006. It won the Nestlé Children's Book Prize Gold Award.Reviewers variously commented that it is a quick and easy read and a nice book to read aloud. The Observer compared its style of humour to The Magic Roundabout and the School Library Journal said it is just as engaging as it is loopy.
 James Melvin Jim Miles (born October 10 1941) is an American politician attorney and current chief of staff to Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina Andre Bauer. Miles served as Secretary of State of South Carolina from 1991 to 2003.Born in Norfolk Virginia Miles received his B.A. from Duke University in 1964 and J.D. from the University of North Carolina School of Law in 1969. Miles was admitted to the North Carolina Bar in 1969 and South Carolina Bar in 1971.
 Lara A Tale is a rhymed tragic narrative poem by Lord Byron; first published in 1814. The first work composed after Byron abandoned the idea of giving up writing and buying back his copyrights it is regarded by critics as a continuation of the autobiographical work begun in The Corsair.
 The Uncanny is a 1977 British anthology horror film concerning feline revenge. The film was written by Michael Parry directed by Denis Héroux and stars Peter Cushing Donald Pleasence Ray Milland Joan Greenwood Donald Pilon Samantha Eggar and John Vernon.Although it is similar to the horror anthologies released by Amicus Productions and could be mistaken as one it was actually distributed by The Rank Organisation.
 Madeline Hughes Haikala (born 1964) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama.
 Union Flat Creek is a 72-mile (120 km) long tributary of the Palouse River. Beginning at an elevation of 2820 feet (859.5 m) near Genesee in northern Nez Perce County Idaho it flows west into Whitman County Washington passing through the towns of Uniontown and Colton. It then flows to its mouth west of La Crosse at an elevation of 1168 feet (356.0 m).
 Pustelnik [pusˈtɛlnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marciszów within Kamienna Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Marciszów 4 km (2 mi) north of Kamienna Góra and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 21 & Over is a 2013 American comedy film. It was written by and served as the directorial debut of Jon Lucas and Scott Moore. The film stars Skylar Astin Justin Chon and Miles Teller.
 Scarecrow Slayer is a 2004 low-budget horror film which is a sequel to the 2002 film Scarecrow. The film was a direct-to-video release as well as its predecessor and its 2004 sequel Scarecrow Gone Wild.The film was directed by David Michael Latt. Latt also wrote the screenplay for the film. The film starred Tony Todd Nicole Kingston and David Castro. The film is rated R for horror violence/gore and language and has a running time of 90 minutes.
 Metal: A Headbanger's Journey is a 2005 documentary directed by Sam Dunn with Scot McFadyen and Jessica Wise. The film follows 31-year-old Dunn a Canadian anthropologist who has been a heavy metal fan since the age of 12. Dunn sets out across the world to uncover the various opinions on heavy metal music including its origins culture controversy and the reasons it is loved by so many people.
 Agani is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sakleshpur taluk of Hassan district in Karnataka.
 Golanik-e Sofla (Persian: گلانيك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Golānīk-e Soflá; also known as Golānīk-e Pā’īn and Kalānīk-e Pā'īn) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 129 in 26 families.
 'Les Étoiles des Filles Mortes' is an album by Alec Empire released in 1996. It is his fifth and final album for the Mille Plateaux label and his third of three albums released that year.
 Mitromorpha chelonion is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Miroir is the fourth studio album by French Canadian singer Marie-Mai. The album was produced by Fred St-Gelais. Most of the French titles were recorded in the spring of 2012 with the exception of Sans Cri Ni Haine which was released as a promotional single in France on February 2012. 3 of the songs (Young & Wired Riptide and Heart Attack) were part of an English-language EP that was recorded in late 2010 but never released.
 A Minor Adjustment is a 1967 play. It was written by Eric Nicol a Canadian humorist and the original production cost $72000 and closed after 13 performances. It received a poor review in the New York Times.
 El Cronista (Spanish: The Reporter) is a daily business newspaper published in Buenos Aires Argentina.It was founded by Martin Giménez Antonio and first published as El Cronista Comercial on November 1 1908. In 1989 the name was changed to El Cronista.It was the first business daily newspaper in Argentina. In 1994 it was the first newspaper in Argentina to publish online.It is published by Unidad Editorial.
 13 Eerie is a 2013 Canadian horror film directed by Lowell Dean making his feature film debut. It is also produced by Don Carmody Kevin DeWalt Mark Montague and David Cormican and written by Christian Piers Betley. The film stars Katharine Isabelle Michael Shanks Brendan Fehr Brendan Fletcher Nick Moran and Jesse Moss.
 Invasion is a 1975 novel by author Dean Koontz. In 1994 Koontz re-released the book under a new name- Winter Moon. He also updated and revised it. Winter Moon is the current title under which the book can be purchased. Although Winter Moon acknowledges the fact that Koontz is the author of the book Invasion was released under the pseudonym Aaron Wolfe. Invasion shall hereafter be referred to as Winter Moon.Winter Moon is a suspense novel with a moderate amount of horror mixed in.
 The Delaware Breakwater is a set of breakwaters east of Lewes Delaware on Cape Henlopen that form Lewes Harbor. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 12 1976.The original 1700-foot (520 m) and 2800-foot (850 m) breakwaters were built in 1828. The breakwaters are now included in the National Harbor of Refuge and Delaware Breakwater Harbor Historic District.The breakwaters were the first structure of their kind to be built in the Western Hemisphere.
 Deltaspis nigripennis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1880.
 Parategeticula ecdysiastica is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in the Sierra de la Laguna Mountains of the Cape region of Baja California MexicoThe wingspan is about 25 mm. The forewings are tannish white with a very light scattering of linear white scales. The hindwings are clear-translucent with very scattered white linear scales above and below. Adults are possibly on wing in July.The larvae feed on Yucca capensis.
 Vanessa Matz (born 1973) is a Belgian politician and a member of the cdH. She was elected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2007.
 Eudiaphora is a monotypic genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from the mountains and deserts of Central Asia and western Mongolia. It has been recorded from Turkmenistan Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Uzbekistan Tajikistan Afghanistan and China (Xinjiang).
 Calyptra gruesa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It has been found in China. C. gruesa has a wingspan range of 25 to 29 millimetres (0.98 to 1.14 in).
 Fingerprints released in 2006 is Peter Frampton's first instrumental album and features guest appearances from friends and musical acquaintances as well as Frampton's signature effect the talkbox. It was his first album on A&M Records in 24 years.Fingerprints won a Grammy in 2007 for Best Pop Instrumental Album.
 Bucculatrix bifida is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It was described by Seksjaeva in 1989. It is found in the Russian Far East (Primorsky Krai).
 Gloria Negrete McLeod (born September 6 1941) is an American politician who has been the United States Representative for California's 35th congressional district since 2013. The district includes portions of eastern Los Angeles County and western San Bernardino County. She was a California State Senator representing the 32nd District from December 2006 until her election to Congress.
 Ras Dashen (alternatively Ras Dashan or Ras Dejen Ge'ez ራስ ዳሸን rās dāshen or ራስ ደጀን rās dejen Amh. head guard) is the highest mountain in Ethiopia and tenth highest mountain of Africa. Part of Simien Mountains National Park it reaches an elevation of 4550 metres (14928 ft).
 Vittilapuram is a village in Thoothukudi district Tamil Nadu India. It is around 15 kilometers from Tirunelveli junction and 2 kilometers from Vasayappapuram Vilaku which is on the Tirunelveli-Thoothukudi highway NH 7A. The place names comes from Sri Panduranga Vittalar temple. It was built by King Vittalarayar under the jurisdiction of Empire Sri Krishnadeva Rayar on 1547 AD.
 New Era Building is a historic commercial and industrial building located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It is a three story L shaped brick building in the Queen Anne style. The original section was built in 1890-1891. The rear section was expanded in 1900 1903 and 1914 to accommodate the growing printing company. It originally housed the New Era newspaper and printing company.
 Thalattorhynchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Longbox Option Package is the name of a 2006 retrospective box set by the surreal prank call artist known only as Longmont Potion Castle. It was released in an extremely limited quantity by the independent label D.U. Records and only occasionally appears for sale on eBay.The set contains seven audio discs and one DVD. Included are Volume 1 Volume 2 Volume 3 Volume 4 Late-Eighties-Vein Volume 5 and Volume 7.
 The Darragh House at 2412 Broadway Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1916. It was designed by architect Charles L. Thompson in Colonial Revival Dutch Colonial and other style.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Hustle is a 1975 American neo-noir crime film directed by Robert Aldrich and starring Burt Reynolds Catherine Deneuve Ben Johnson Paul Winfield Eileen Brennan Eddie Albert and Ernest Borgnine which was released in 1975.
 Eopsettinae is a subfamily of fish in the Pleuronectidae family.
 The Las Palmas River is a river of Mexico.
 Ummadi Kutumbam (Telugu: ఉమ్మడి కుటుంబం) was a 1967 Telugu Drama film directed by D. Yoganand and produced by National art theater starring N. T. Rama Rao the film was selected by Film Federation of India as one of its entries to the 1968 Moscow Film Festival.
 Zad-Shahapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Arthur Koestler: The Story of a Friendship is a book by George Mikes published in 1983 soon after Arthur Koestler’s suicide. As the author states in the Introduction the book is not a biography of the subject but a series of recollections and anecdotes of a friendship spanning more than thirty years from 1952 up to the time of Koestler’s suicide in March 1983.
 Charles Andrew Gilman (February 9 1833 – June 7 1927) was a Minnesota legislator Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives and the ninth Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota. Born in Gilmanton New Hampshire he later moved to Minnesota. He first served in the Minnesota Senate in 1868 and later served in the Minnesota House from 1875 to 1879 serving as the body's leader his last two years in office. He became Lieutenant Governor under Governors John S.
 The Ruhr is a medium-size river in western Germany (North Rhine-Westphalia) a right tributary (east-side) of the Rhine.
 Loužnice is a village and municipality in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
 Calappa is a genus of crabs known commonly as box crabs or shame-faced crabs. The name box crab comes from their distinctly bulky carapace and the name shame-faced is from anthropomorphising the way the crab's chelae (claws) fold up and cover its face as if it were hiding its face in shame.
 The Sydney Mint in Sydney Australia is the oldest public building in the Sydney Central Business District. Built between 1811 and 1816 as the southern wing of the Sydney Hospital it was then known as the Rum Hospital. In 1854 a mint was established on the site with the hospital building used to house mint staff as well as providing a residence for the Deputy Mint Master. A coining factory was built at the rear.
 So Ends Our Night is a 1941 drama war film starring Fredric March and directed by John Cromwell. The screenplay was adapted from the novel Flotsam by Erich Maria Remarque.
 Anderson Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 899 Steam Mill Ferry Road in Madison Hall Tennessee.It was built in 1894 and added to the National Register in 2007.
 The Cabbage Whitefly (Aleyrodes proletella) is a species of whitefly from the Aleyrodidae family. It has a global distribution.Adults are 15 mm in length. They have white wings with four gray spots. The wings are white due to a powdery wax. The head and thorax are dark while the underside is yellow and also covered with a layer of wax. The eyes are red.The species is a pest on various Brassica species (mainly Brussels sprout and Kale) and Fragaria.
 Loket Castle (Czech: Hrad Loket) is a 12th-century Gothic style castle located about 12 km from Karlovy Vary on a massive rock in the town of Loket Karlovarský kraj Czech Republic. It is surrounded on three sides by the Ohře river. Once known as the Impregnable Castle of Bohemia because of its thick walls it is one of the oldest and most valuable historical stone castles in the Czech lands.
 Kumaraswamy Nandagopan (Tamil:குமாரசுவாமி நந்தகோபன்; 1976 – November 14 2008) alias Ragu was the president of the Tamil Makkal Viduthalai Pulikal in Sri Lanka and advisor to Sivanesathurai Chandrakanthan. He was a staunch Pillaiyan loyalist and his appointment as TMVP president was opposed by Karuna. He was shot and killed near Colombo by suspected LTTE gunmen on Friday November 14 2008.
 The Last One Left (1966) is a mystery novel by John D. MacDonald. The story largely takes place in southern Florida and the Bahamas and is similar to many of the author's Travis McGee stories. The book is in fact dedicated to McGee who lent invaluable support and encouragement and a named runabout motorboat later appears in the McGee novel Pale Gray for Guilt. It was originally published in 1967 appearing in paperback by Fawcett (reprinted 1981) and in hardcover by Doubleday.
 Copelatus masculinus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Régimbart in 1899.
 The St. James Lutheran Church is a church located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The congregation was founded in 1889 by missionaries as Portland's first English-speaking Lutheran church. The first pastor was Rev. M. L. Zweizig. The cornerstone for the present building was laid in May 1907. Many of the original fixtures are still in use in the building including the marble baptismal font and oak pews.
 The Methodist Episcopal Church of Montrose also known as the United Methodist Church of Montrose is a historic church in Montrose Colorado United States. It was designed circa 1909 as an Akron Plan church by Thomas P. Barber but it not completed until 1920. A 1991 addition was designed by Parik Davis.
 Tamer Animals is the second album of the American indie rock band Other Lives.
 Deulgaon Bazar is a village in Sillod taluka in the Indian state of Aurangabad district Maharashtra.This village is situated on the bank of the Charna river 27 km from Sillod. Due to the presence of various temples in the village it was named Deulgaon (village of temples). Until some years before the Sunday bazar (Weekly Market) of Deulgaon was very famous in this area. The land of the village is very fertile.
 The Last Hour is a 1930 British comedy crime film directed by Walter Forde and starring Richard Cooper and Stewart Rome and Kathleen Vaughan and Alexander Field.
 Rasstriga is an extinct genus of insects. It existed in what is now Illinois U.S.A. during the Pennsylvanian subperiod. It was described by D. S. Aristov and A. P. Rasnitsyn in 2012 and the type species is R. americana. Its body measured 22.5 millimetres in length while its forewings were about 23 millimetres. It is currently placed in the family Idelinellidae although its belonging in the family is uncertain at present.
 Wilshire Boulevard Temple known from 1862 to 1933 as Congregation B'nai B'rith is the oldest Jewish congregation in Los Angeles California. Wilshire Boulevard Temple's building its sanctuary topped by a large Byzantine revival dome and decorated with interior murals is a City of Los Angeles Historic Cultural Monument and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Tokyo Korean Culture Center is a Korean Language and Cultural Exchange Center in Tokyo Japan. Supported by the Korean Ministry of Culture this center offers Korean Language classes and promotes Korean culture in Japan through educational sporting entertainment art and trade events and through the promotion of tourism. The Tokyo Korea Center is one of twelve Korean Cultural Centers in nine different countries.
 Old Statehouse is a historic state capitol building located on The Green at Dover Kent County Delaware. It was built between 1787 and 1792 and is a two-story five bay brick structure in a Middle Georgian style. The front facade features a fanlight over the center door and above it a Palladian window at the center of the second floor. It has a shingled hipped roof topped with an octagonal cupola. A number of attached wings were added between 1836 and 1926.
 The Road to Gandolfo is a story by Michael Shepherd (a pen name used by Robert Ludlum) about General MacKenzie Hawkins (The Hawk) a military legend and Army veteran. He defaces an important Chinese memorial as a result of being drugged by a Chinese general and is later kicked out of the Army.
 Eleutherodactylus mariposa is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mercurius Hungaricus (Hungarian: Magyar Merkúr) later Mercurius Veridicus ex Hungaria was the first periodical newspaper in the Kingdom of Hungary published between 1705 and 1710 (only seven issues). It was a semiofficial news release for the Rákóczi's War of Independence the articles were written in mostly Latin language.
 Haunted Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Gabelbach (Ilm) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 St. Peter's Church Shorwell is a parish church in the Church of England located in Shorwell Isle of Wight.
 The 8500 Tower is a high-rise skyscraper in Bloomington Minnesota. It peaks at 381 feet and is the 26th-tallest building in Minnesota. It is also the tallest building in the suburbs of the Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan area.
 Heravi (Persian: هروي‎ also Romanized as Heravī and Hervī; also known as Herbī) is a village in Meydan Chay Rural District in the Central District of Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2399 in 640 families.Its fame is due to its pleasurable climate & amazing nature. Hervi is also known for its damask rose.
 Beyond the Sound Barrier is a live album by saxophonist Wayne Shorter released on Verve Records in 2005. It was recorded in Europe America and Asia and features the 'Footprints Quartet' of Shorter Danilo Perez John Patitucci and Brian Blade.Two pieces Joy Ryder and Over Shadow Hill Way are markedly different versions of tunes featured on Shorter's synth-heavy electronic album from 1988 Joy Ryder.
 Pan American C.M.A. Church (Christ Church) is a historic church at 76 Prospect Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1848 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Itaueira River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 Zarnan (Persian: زرنان‎ also Romanized as Zarnān; also known as Zarnān-e Bālā Qal‘eh-ye Bālā Zarnān and Zard Āb) is a village in Danesh Rural District in the Central District of Qods County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 562 in 155 families.
 Baldpate Mountain is a peak of Upper Pohatcong Mountain mountain in Warren County New Jersey. This peak rises to 1165 feet (355 m) and is located in Mansfield Township. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Reading Prong.
 Satan Takes a Holiday is an album of evocative lost songs by Anton Szandor LaVey founder and former high priest of the Church of Satan.The collection is an eclectic body of songs LaVey constructed using his synthesizer. A few of these songs are standards and their composers well known. Nevertheless LaVey chose all these songs to create deliberate modes of feeling and mood.
 Tahkuna is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Khalasht (Persian: خالشت‎ also Romanized as Khālasht) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nikolay Evtimov Mladenov (Bulgarian: Николай Евтимов Младенов; born 5 May 1972) is a Bulgarian politician who served as the minister of foreign affairs in the government of then prime minister Boyko Borisov from 2010 to 2013. He was a Member of the European Parliament from 2007 to 2009 and was minister of defense from 27 July 2009 to 27 January 2010.
 Mastermind is the eighth studio album by the American stoner rock band Monster Magnet. A video for the first single Gods and Punks was released on October 1 2010. The album was released on October 25 2010.The album debuted at No. 165 on the Billboard 200 selling around 3000 copies becoming the band's first album since 2001's 'God Says No' to chart on the Billboard 200. Mastermind was also the final album of lead guitarist and long-term member Ed Mundell.
 Joshua D. Miller also known as Josh Miller (born 1981) is a property manager from Heber Springs Arkansas who has been since 2013 a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives. His District 66 includes portions of Cleburne Van Buren and Faulkner counties in the north-central portion of his state.
 Diego and His Brothers is a short film directed by Marty Lopez. It is based on events that had happened to his grandfather and his brothers during World War II in the Philippines.
 Residence Lopez also known as Residence Herrera Lopez in Aguadilla Puerto Rico was built in 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Savage Mountain is an anticline extending from Bedford County Pennsylvania southwest into Western Maryland. It is the western side of the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians and the eastern portion of the ridge forms the border of Garrett and Allegany Counties of Maryland.
 Saadatabad (Persian: سادات اباد‎ also Romanized as Sa‘ādatābād) is a village in Padena-ye Sofla Rural District Padena District Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1585 in 364 families.
 Tahli is a village in 5 km of begowal. dasuya is a tehsil in the city hoshiarpur of Indian state of Punjab.This village also named Khokharan.
 Loránd Győry (11 April 1871 – 30 July 1926) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Agriculture for few days in 1919. He was the son of Vilmos Győry a Hungarian theologist.
 Anne Stevens is a former Republican member of the Hawaii House of Representatives. Stevens was appointed in January 2006 to replace Galen Fox as the representative for the State's 23rd district which includes Waikiki and Ala Moana on the island of Oahu.Stevens unsuccessfully ran for election to the 23rd District seat in 2006 and 2008. She remains active in her community as the Chairperson for the Waikiki Neighborhood Board.
 The Orata River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 Brave New World is a novel written in 1931 by Aldous Huxley and published in 1932. Set in London of AD 2540 (632 A.F.—After Ford—in the book) the novel anticipates developments in reproductive technology sleep-learning psychological manipulation and classical conditioning that combine to profoundly change society.
 Avengers: The Initiative was a comic book series from Marvel Comics.
 Reishia clavigera is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Shirozua is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Chimney Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1910 by T.G. Longstaff.
 Leśniczówka [lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Sienno 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Lipsko and 133 km (83 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Yusufağa is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Javadiyeh-ye Mortazavi (Persian: جواديه مرتضوي‎ also Romanized as Javādīyeh-ye Mortaz̤avī; also known as Javādīyeh) is a village in Ferdows Rural District Ferdows District Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 364 in 92 families.
 The Broadsword and the Beast is the 14th studio album by Jethro Tull released on 10 April 1982 (see 1982 in music) and according to Ian Anderson in the liner notes of the remastered CD contains some of Jethro Tull's best music. It mixes electronic sound with acoustic instruments and is a cross between the synthesiser sound of the 1980s and the folk-influenced style that Tull had in the previous decade.
 The Zengwun River (Chinese: 曾文溪; pinyin: Zéngwén Xī; Wade–Giles: Tseng2-wen2 Hsi1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Chan-bûn-khoe) formerly spelled Tsengwen River is a river in Taiwan. It flows through Tainan City and Chiayi County for 130km.Located upstream of Zengwun River is the largest reservoir in Taiwan Zengwun Reservoir formed by Zengwun Dam. The endangered black-faced spoonbills come every winter as migrants and inhabit downstream near the estuary where many other waterfowls are also found.
 Posht Asman (Persian: پشت اسمان‎ also Romanized as Posht Āsmān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Siri Sampadalu is a 1962 Telugu drama film. The ensemble cast film was directed by veteran P. Pullaiah.
 Dream with Me is the second full-length album (first on a major label) by American child singer Jackie Evancho. It was released on June 3 2011 on digital download format and on June 14 2011 in the standard CD format. Evancho was eleven years old when this album was released although she was still ten when it was recorded.
 Bethel Church is a charismatic Pentecostal megachurch that was established in Redding California as an Assemblies of God congregation in 1954 and has since grown to an estimated weekly attendance of over 3000 people. The Bethel School of Supernatural Ministry was founded by the church in 1998.
 Introduction is Alex Parks' debut album released on 24 November 2003. Recorded and released within only two weeks of Parks winning the BBC's Fame Academy it included seven original compositions mostly co-written with songwriters Helen Boulding Gary Clark and Boo Hewerdine as well as six cover songs from John Lennon Tears for Fears R.E.M. Christina Aguilera Eurythmics and Coldplay.The album reached number 5 in the UK Top 40 Album charts.
 Peter J. O'Donnell Jr. (born 1924) is a businessman securities investor and philanthropist from his native Dallas. From 1962 to 1969 he was the Texas Republican state chairman. In 1963 he was also the national chairman of the Draft Goldwater Committee.
 Shineh-ye Olya (Persian: شينه عليا‎ also Romanized as Shīneh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Qalayi Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 177 in 36 families.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 52 Marshall Street in Coldwater Michigan. Built 1866–1869 it is a Michigan State Historic Site (MSHS) and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Heglach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Young Man of Manhattan is a 1930 film made by Paramount Pictures directed by Monta Bell and starring Claudette Colbert Norman Foster Ginger Rogers and Charles Ruggles. It had been filmed in New York City.
 Pete Hershberger (born 4 June 1949 in Denver Colorado) is a Republican Party politician who served as a member of the Arizona House of Representatives representing the 26th District from 2001 to 2008.
 Donald G. Davis (born August 29 1971) is an American politician who was elected to one term in the North Carolina Senate in 2008 representing Pitt Wayne and Greene counties. He was defeated for re-election in 2010 but ran and won a Senate seat for the newly redrawn 5th District in the 2012 election.Davis served as mayor of Snow Hill North Carolina from 2001 until his election to the Senate. Elected at age 29 he was the youngest mayor in the history of Snow Hill.
 Fighters from Mars or The War of the Worlds in and near Boston is an un-authorized and rewritten version of The War of the Worlds taking place in Boston. The sequel Edison's Conquest of Mars is better known. The story follows H. G. Wells' story more or less the publisher Boston Evening-Post newspaper even refer to a H. C. Wells instead of H. G. Wells. At the time the issue about copyright law made possible to copy Wells' famous story without suffering legal consequences.
 Kathleen Ann Dahlkemper (née Steenberge; born December 10 1957) is an American politician. She was elected the county executive of Erie County Pennsylvania in 2013 and served as U.S. Representative for Pennsylvania's 3rd congressional district from 2009 to 2011.
 3×3 Eyes (pronounced Sazan Eyes in Japanese) is a manga written and illustrated by Yuzo Takada. It spans 40 volumes beginning in 1987 and ending in 2002. It was serialized in Young Magazine. In 1993 it won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen. The English-language manga was being published by Dark Horse Comics but was canceled before the release of volume 9 in 2005. There are also two anime OVA series based on 3×3 Eyes and were first released in 1991 and 1995.
 Jo Jo Dancer Your Life Is Calling is a 1986 semi-autobiographical film starring Richard Pryor. This was the first and only feature film he directed (although he is credited as such on the screen version of Richard Pryor: Here and Now).
 Pink Drums Purple Lights is the debut album from Japanese American indie singer-songwriter Maya Bond. The album was released when Bond was four years of age. It was produced by Maya Bond's father T.W. Bond. Since this recording Bond has released no other albums.
 Scoresby is a lunar impact crater that is located in the northern part of the Moon's near side. It is nearly attached to the crater Challis along the north-northwestern rim and is located just to the north of the walled plain Meton. Due to its location this crater appears highly foreshortened when viewed from the Earth appearing elliptical in shape.
 The Weapon is a short story by the American science fiction writer Isaac Asimov. Written in September 1938 when Asimov was 18 it was first published in the May 1942 issue of Super Science Stories under a pseudonym H.B. Ogden. Because of the pseudonym Asimov forgot that this story had ever been published and so assuming that it had been rejected and believing that he no longer had a copy of it he omitted it from The Early Asimov (1972) a collection of his earliest stories.
 Periophthalmus gracilis is a species of mudskippers native to marine and brackish waters of the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean where it is an inhabitant of the intertidal zone capable of spending time out of water. This species can reach a length of 4.5 centimetres (1.8 in) SL.
 Toxin Reviews is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on toxins and their characteristics activities and mechanisms of action ranging in scope from new underutilized substances through antivenoms to chemical and biological weapons. It is published by Informa. The editor-in-chief is R.
 The Pintoyacu River is a river of Ecuador.
 Molunkus Stream is a tributary of the Mattawamkeag River in Maine. From the confluence of the stream's East Branch and West Branch (45°53′50″N 68°24′20″W) in Sherman the river runs 35.6 miles (57.3 km) southeast to its mouth on the Mattawamkeag in Kingman.
 Motor Trend is an American automobile magazine. It first appeared in September 1949 issued by Petersen Publishing Company in Los Angeles and bearing the tag line The Magazine for a Motoring World. Petersen Publishing was sold to British publisher EMAP in 1998 who sold the former Petersen magazines to Primedia in 2001. As of 2007 it is published by Source Interlink.
 Bani Tak (Persian: بني تاك‎ also Romanized as Banī Tāk and Bonī Tāk; also known as Binitak Mentūq Mintug and Mintugi) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1336 in 273 families.
 Deh Iji (Persian: ده یجی‎ also Romanized as Deh Ījī; also known as Da‘chī Da echī Da‘ījī Deh Eījī Deh Ichi and Dehjī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 305 in 54 families.
 The Glen Campbell Goodtime Album is the 19th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1970.
 Jacob Mueller (March 10 1822 – August 31 1905) was an American politician who served as the tenth Lieutenant Governor of Ohio from 1872 to 1874.
 The Oblong Box (1969) is a British horror film directed by Gordon Hessler starring Vincent Price Christopher Lee and Alister Williamson. This was the first film to star both Price and Lee.
 Morghdari-ye Sabah (Persian: مرغدارئ صباح‎ also Romanized as Morghdāri-ye Sabāḥ) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 5 families. The name means Sabah Poultry.
 Baily is the remnant of a lunar crater on the boundary between Mare Frigoris to the north and Lacus Mortis to the south. The crater interior has been flooded by lava in the past and only the northern half of the crater rim remains relatively intact. There is an outward bulge in the northeastern rim possibly the remnant of another crater formation that once overlapped Baily. The crater interior is flat and relatively featureless with no impacts of significance.
 Mesopotamia is an EP by new wave band The B-52s. It was produced by David Byrne of Talking Heads and was intended to be the band's third studio album. Due to conflicts with Byrne and record label pressure recording sessions were aborted prematurely and only six of ten songs to be completed were released as an EP. The record was distributed as a vinyl record by Warner Bros. in the US and by Island Records on both CD and vinyl in the UK and other non-US markets.
 James Edward Paxton known as Jim Paxton (born December 19 1963) is the district attorney of the Louisiana 6th Judicial District which encompasses East Carroll Madison and Tensas the delta parishes along the Mississippi River in the northeastern corner of the state.Paxton was born and reared in Madison Parish. He received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in 1985 from Mississippi State University in Starkville Mississippi.
 Roll Bounce is a 2005 American comedy-drama film written by Norman Vance Jr. and directed by Malcolm D. Lee. The film stars hip hop artist Bow Wow as the leader of a roller skating crew in 1970s Chicago. The film also stars Nick Cannon Meagan Good Brandon T. Jackson Wesley Jonathan Chi McBride Kellita Smith and Jurnee Smollett. (The name of the film is derived from the 1979 song Bounce Rock Skate Roll by Vaughan Mason & Crew.)
 Yilong Cave (simplified Chinese: 义龙洞; traditional Chinese: 義龍洞; pinyin: Yìlóng Dòng; literally righteous dragon cave) is a 180 million year old karst cave located in Pingxiang City Jiangxi Province People's Republic of China. Also known as Nielong Cave (孽龙洞/孽龍洞 literally evil dragon cave) the cave extends to around 4200 m (13800 ft) in length. Inside there are unusual rock formations small streams and waterfalls.
 Alphonse Desjardins PC KPO (6 May 1841 – 4 June 1912) was born in Terrebonne Quebec and was mayor of Montreal from 1893 to 1894 and later a Canadian cabinet minister. He married Virginie Paré in 1864 and remarried Hortense Barsalou in 1880.He was a lawyer journalist businessman and politician. He owned a tile factory and participated in the founding of the Banque Jacques-Cartier which later became part of the National Bank of Canada.
 The Fugal Dugout House at what is now 630 N. 400 East in Pleasant Grove Utah was built in 1869. It was used as the foundation for a stone house in 1882. It is architecturally significant as the only known example in Utah of a dugout serving as the basis for a later house expansion. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Mazal Zamedi (Persian: مزعل ضمدي‎ also Romanized as Maz‘al Ẕamedī; also known as Maz‘al Bandeh) is a village in Chenaneh Rural District Fath Olmobin District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 371 in 51 families.
 Featuring Ourselves is a jazz/fusion album released in 1999 by Alex Machacek.
 The Pârâul Brazilor is a tributary of the Muncaciu River in Romania.
 Anavoor is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 James D. Hathaway House is a historic house located at 311 Pine Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1843 by James D. Hathaway a carpenter and was perhaps designed by Russell Warren or copied by Hathaway from his designs.It is one of seven extant monumental temple-fronted Greek Revival houses in Fall River. It is also located within the Lower Highlands Historic District.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is currently a law office.
 Rip Off Review Of Western Culture was an underground comics magazine published by Rip Off Press and produced out of San Francisco California. It published three issues in 1972. The publication was historically significant in that it brought together the work of many noteworthy underground artists and writers.
 Tell Me Your Dreams is a 1998 novel by American writer Sidney Sheldon.
 Cameo is the eighth studio album released by singer Dusty Springfield. Cameo is her first LP for the ABC Dunhill Records label. It was recorded in the States between July and October 1972 and released in the UK (by Philips Records) in May 1973 having appeared in the States some three months earlier. Cameo was produced by Steve Barri Dennis Lambert and Brian Potter who later went on to write and produce major hits for among others Glen Campbell The Four Tops and The Tavares.
 Douglas Edward Bruce (born August 26 1949) is a conservative activist and former legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado.
 Speleoithona bermudensis is a species of crustacean in the family Speleoithonidae. It is endemic to Bermuda. Its natural habitat is karsts.
 Richard Bruce Dick Cheney (born January 30 1941) is an American politician and businessman who was the 46th Vice President of the United States from 2001 to 2009 under President George W. Bush.Born in Lincoln Nebraska Cheney was primarily raised in Sumner Nebraska and Casper Wyoming. He attended the University of Wyoming where he earned a BA and an MA in Political Science and began his political career as an intern for Congressman William A.
 William Prentice Cooper Jr. (September 28 1895 – May 18 1969) was an American politician who served as Governor of Tennessee from 1939 to 1945. He led the state's mobilization efforts for World War II when over 300000 Tennesseans joined the armed forces and numerous defense-related facilities were established across the state. He later served as U.S. Ambassador to Peru (1946–1948) and chaired Tennessee's 1953 constitutional convention.
 The Common Tiger Blue Pointed Pierrot or African Pierrot (Tarucus theophrastus) is a small butterfly found in the Old World tropics. It belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.This is the type species of the genus Tarucus.
 Timperley Hall was a moated manor house in Timperley Greater Manchester England first recorded in 1560 but almost certainly built to replace an earlier medieval structure. Very little remains of the 16th-century Hall which is not shown on the Tithe map of 1838. The date of the Hall's demolition is unknown but the size of the moat suggests that it was a substantial house.
 Rusty Medals and Broken Badges is the debut full-length studio album from Californian hardcore punk band Over My Dead Body. It was released in November 2001 on Indecision Records. In addition to the CD format it was also released on limited edition vinyl pressings of 103 red 286 purple and 603 black.[1]
 Sheila Helen McKay (born June 7 1936) is a Canadian retired politician who served on the Edmonton City Council from 1989 to 1995.
 The Dill is a 55 km (34 mi) long river flowing through central Hesse in Germany. It is a tributary to the Lahn joining it on the right bank at the town of Wetzlar.
 Max Tyler (born c. 1948) is a small business owner and legislator from Lakewood Colorado. A Democrat he was elected to the Colorado House of Representatives in 2010 after being appointed in May 2009 following the resignation of Gwyn Green and subsequently elected to the post. He represents the 23rd district which covers portions of Golden Applewood and Lakewood within Jefferson County.
 Maruk (Persian: مروك‎ also Romanized as Marūk) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 15 families.
 Rake Brook Reservoir is a reservoir fed by two streams including the eponymous Rake Brook a tributary of the River Roddlesworth in Lancashire.The reservoir is adjacent to the two Roddlesworth Reservoirs.
 The Union Brewery is a historic brewery building in Iowa City Iowa. The brewery was founded in 1856 by German immigrants Anton Geiger and Simeon Hotz. Conrad Graf was the brewery's brewmaster and its beer was named Graf's Golden Brew after him; Graf later came to own the brewery after Geiger's death.
 Street Singer is a hard bop album jointly led by tenor Tina Brooks and alto Jackie McLean released on the Japanese Blue Note label in 1980. The tracks Appointment in Ghana A Ballad for Doll and Isle of Java were originally released in 1960 on Jackie's Bag. The three tracks left would be later included on the CD reissue of said album.
 Odense Fjord is a 13 km long fjord on the northern part of the Danish island of Funen.It covers an area of about 63 km².
 The Pedestrian is a short story by author Ray Bradbury. This story was originally published in the August 7 1951 issue of The Reporter by The Fortnightly Publishing Company. It is included in the collection The Golden Apples of the Sun (1953).
 Tontogany is a village in Wood County Ohio United States. The population was 367 at the 2010 census.
 Papilio oxynius is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Cuba.
 Qeshlaq-e Qaravgholi Jabar (Persian: قشلاق قراوغلي جبار‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qarāvgholī Jabār) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 19 families.
 Eternity and a Day (Greek: Μια αιωνιότητα και μια μέρα Mia aioniotita kai mia mera) is a 1998 Greek film starring Bruno Ganz and directed by Theo Angelopoulos. The film won the Palme d'Or and the Prize of the Ecumenical Jury at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
 Cherna Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Promise the Moon is a 1997 film by Kevin Sullivan based on the book The Four Arrows Fe-As-Ko by Randall Beth Platt. The script was adapted by Kevin Sullivan and Peter Behrens and directed by Ken Jubenvill.The film won a Gemini Award for Best Costume Design.
 The Milwaukee Art Museum (MAM) is an art museum with a collection of over 30000 works of art serving over 350000 visitors a year. The campus of three buildings is located on Lake Michigan in Milwaukee Wisconsin.
 Tashar (Persian: تشار‎ also Romanized as Tashār) is a village in Sirvan Rural District Nowsud District Paveh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 280 in 75 families.
 Teaching Ethics is a peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to the philosophical examination of ethical issues in all disciplines. Notable contributors that illustrate the range of issues covered in the journal include Michael Davis Deni Elliot Mollie Painter-Morland Lisa Newton Louis Pojman Wade Robison and Holmes Rolston III. The journal is sponsored by the Society for Ethics Across the Curriculum and members of the society receive the journal as a benefit of membership.
 Waubee Lake is a small lake situated 2 miles (3 km) southeast of Milford Kosciusko County Indiana United States.Waubee is typical in structure of natural lakes of the glaciated portions of the upper Midwest. Like other lakes in the general area Waubee is lined with vacation homes and year-round residences. Part of the extreme upper west shore is void of residences and borders farm land.
 Good Thang is the second album by American funk band Faze-O released in 1978.
 Doddaalahalli Kempegowda Suresh a.k.a D. K. Suresh is an Indian Politician and is Member of Parliament of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Bangalore Rural constituency of Karnataka and is a member of the Indian National Congress political party.
 Pipe Dreams is the fourth album released February 10 2009 from Potluck a rap group from Humboldt County California. It features 21 tracks with guest appearances such as the Kottonmouth Kings Krizz Kaliko Twiztid and more. The album's first single Stoner Bitch had its video released on YouTube on February 3 2009. The album went on to appear on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart at #30 on February 28 2009.
 Ashes To Ashes is the second mixtape by American rapper Rick Ross it was released on December 24 2010. The mixtape features guest appearances from T.I. Ludacris Wiz Khalifa Wale Meek Mill Chester French Aaliyah Ne-Yo and Birdman.
 Garden Court is a neighborhood in the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is located west of Spruce Hill north of Cedar Park east of Cobbs Creek and south of Walnut Hill.In the 1920s The Philadelphia Inquirer called Garden Court the most exclusive location in West Philadelphia. Garden Court was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 5 1984.
 Lubin [ˈlubin] (formerly German Lebbin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyzdroje within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Międzyzdroje 26 km (16 mi) south-west of Kamień Pomorski and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 340.
 Mian Rud (Persian: ميانرود‎ also Romanized as Mīān Rūd; also known as Chāl Mīch Kheyl) is a village in Valupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Thomas Rudyard (1640 – buried 2 November 1692) was a deputy governor of East Jersey.
 Inkpot is the fifth album by Shocking Blue released in 1972.The similarly titled song in the album is perhaps best known to people in Hong Kong as the longtime theme music of televised Mark Six lottery drawings.
 Belfast confetti is a poem about the aftermath of a sectarian riot in Belfast by Northern Irish poet and translator Ciarán Carson. The poem won the Irish Times Irish Literature Prize for Poetry. The name of the poem derives from the nickname for the large ship-building rivets and other scrap metal that were used as missiles by Protestant shipyard workers during anti-Catholic riots in Belfast.
 South of the Border is the third album by American easy listening brass band Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass originally released in 1964. The name of the group for this album is Herb Alpert's Tijuana Brass.Alpert's first top ten hit and fifth gold record the album continued the progression of the Tijuana Brass from its mostly-Mexican sound to a more easy-listening style with a collection of cover versions of popular songs.
 The Judas Pair is a crime novel by Jonathan Gash. It is the first book in the Lovejoy series. The story was first published in 1977 and won a John Creasey Award.The story was adapted by Ian La Frenais for the BBC television series Lovejoy starring Ian McShane. The episode The Judas Pair first aired on 7 February 1986 as episode 5 of season 1.
 Luna (Russian: Луна́ Moon) — is a soviet popular science and science fiction film directed by Pavel Klushantsev.
 Diyar Planitia is a region of relatively un-cratered terrain on Saturn's moon Enceladus. It is located at 0.5° North Latitude 239.7° West Longitude and is approximately 311 km across.Images from the Voyager probes could not resolve whether Diyar Planitia is part of the ridged plains unit of Enceladus (Kargel and Pozio 1996) or the smooth plains unit (Rothery 1999) which is thought to be the youngest terrain on the moon.
 We Can Do Whatever is the debut album by American singing duo Otis & Shug. Although it was scheduled to be released August 29 1995 on Interscope Records the album was shelved until it finally was released January 18 2005 on Expansion Records. It was produced by Raphael Saadiq. One single Journey peaked at number 60 on the 1996 Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. It features guest performances by Raphael Saadiq.
 Fambly 42 is the fourth studio album by San Pedro-based punk band Toys That Kill released on May 15 2012 on Recess Records.
 Diwan Bahadur Sir Mannath Krishnan Nair KCIE (1870–1938) was an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress and later Justice Party who served as a member of the Madras Legislative Council and later executive council of the Governor of Madras. He also served as the Diwan of Travancore from 1914 to 1920
 County Square is a shopping centre in Ashford Kent England. It is one of three main shopping facilities in the town others being Park Mall and the Ashford Designer Outlet.
 Sing but Keep Going is the first full-length record put out by Sherwood. It was released May 31 2005. Pre-orders included autographed material by the band members. Dan Koch was the principal songwriter for the album.
 Thomas Francis Frank Gill CBE DSO (31 January 1917 – 1 March 1982) was a New Zealand politician of the National Party and an Air Commodore in the Royal New Zealand Air Force (RNZAF).
 Voodoo Highway is the second album of the band Badlands. After the first Badlands album drummer Eric Singer left the band to join KISS and was replaced by drummer Jeff Martin who had previously sung lead vocals in the bands Surgical Steel and Racer X. Badlands bandmates Greg Chaisson and Jeff Martin later played together in the bands Blindside Blues Band and RedSea.
 Leatherface: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III is the second sequel to the 1974 film The Texas Chain Saw Massacre and was directed by Jeff Burr. It was released by New Line Cinema on January 12 1990. The film is both a sequel and a reboot to the previous movies as the original Sawyer family and apparently the Leatherface character died in the previous film.The film stars Kate Hodge Ken Foree William Butler and a then-unknown Viggo Mortensen.
 Robert L. Shevin (January 19 1934 – July 11 2005) was the Florida Attorney General from 1971 until 1979 and a judge on the Florida Third District Court of Appeal.
 Kozluca is a village in the District of Taşova Amasya Province Turkey.
 The Hog's Back is a part of the North Downs in Surrey England that lies between Farnham in the west and Guildford in the east.
 Nancy Drew is a 2007 American film loosely based on the popular series of mystery novels about the titular teen detective. It stars Emma Roberts as Nancy Drew Max Thieriot as Ned Kay Panabaker as George and Amy Bruckner as Bess Marvin. The film was rated PG by the MPAA for mild violence thematic elements and brief language. Set in Los Angeles it was directed by Andrew Fleming.Critics' reactions were mixed with the general thought of it being refreshing.
 Crazy Nights is the second album released by country music band Lonestar. Four singles were released from this album: Come Cryin' to Me You Walked In Say When and Everything's Changed. Come Cryin' to Me reached number one on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 The English Review was a London literary magazine launched in 1783 by John Murray I under the full title English Review or Abstract of English and Foreign Literature. Its editor was Gilbert Stuart.Initially Stuart wrote much of the Review with William Thomson. He died in 1786. Thomson carried it on becoming proprietor in 1794. In 1796 the English Review was merged into the Analytical Review.
 Billcobbanoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 The Ihuraua River is a river of the southern North Island of New Zealand. It flows north from its source southeast of Eketahuna joining with several streams to become the Tiraumea River north of Alfredton.
 This article is about the novel. For films and other uses see White Fang (disambiguation).White Fang is a novel by American author Jack London (1876–1916) — and the name of the book's eponymous character a wild wolfdog. First serialized in Outing magazine it was published in 1906. The story takes place in Yukon Territory Canada during the 1890s Klondike Gold Rush and details White Fang's journey to domestication.
 The Moving Picture Man (Spanish: El cine soy yo) is a 1977 Venezuelan drama film directed by Luis Armando Roche. It was entered into the 10th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Dash Bolagh-e Olya (Persian: داشبلاغ عليا‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh-e ‘Olyā; also known as Dāsh Bolāghī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 11 families.
 Lin Join-sane (Chinese: 林中森; pinyin: Lín Zhōngsēn) is a politician in the Republic of China. He currently serves as the Chairman of the Straits Exchange Foundation since 27 September 2012.
 Empire of Silver (known as Ogedai: Empire of Silver in America) is the fourth book of the Conqueror series based on the life of Mongol warlord Genghis's son Ogedai by Conn Iggulden. It focuses mainly on the Mongol attacks on Russia the problems of succession and the building of Karakorum.
 Qarwarasu (Quechua qarwa leaf worm larva of a beetle / pale / yellowish / golden Ancash Quechua rasu snow ice mountain with snow hispanicized spellings Carhuaraso Carhuarasu Carhuarazo Ccarhuaraso Ccarhuarasu Ccarhuarazo Qarwarazo) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 5112 m (16772 ft) high. It is located in the Ayacucho Region Lucanas Province Chipao District as well as in the Sucre Province Soras District.
 Santhanuthalapadu is a village and mandal in Prakasam District Andhra Pradesh in India. It's located about 10 km from Ongole.
 Eilema arizana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Kuolemanpalvelus (English: Ceremony of Death) is the third studio album by the Finnish death metal band Sotajumala. It entered the Finnish billboard charts at position 6 on its release week.
 Tân Trạch is a commune (xã) and village in Bố Trạch District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Ernocornutia termasiana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo Province).The wingspan is 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream mixed strigulated and dotted with brown. The hindwings are cream but whiter in the basal part and tinged with pale ochreous in the apical portion.
 Desperate Search is a 1952 adventure film directed by Joseph H. Lewis from a novel by Arthur Mayse. It starred Howard Keel Jane Greer Patricia Medina and Keenan Wynn in a drama revolving around two lost children in the Canadian north.
 The Macdermots of Ballycloran is a novel by Anthony Trollope. It was Trollope's first published novel which he began in September 1843 and completed by June 1845. However it was not published until 1847. The novel was an abysmal failure with the reading public.The novel was written while Trollope was staying in the village of Drumsna County Leitrim Ireland.
 Retrato de Mujer is the sixth album of Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario. It was released in 1979.
 Webster Wagner House is a historic home located at Palatine Bridge in Montgomery County New York. It was built in 1876 and designed by noted architect Horatio Nelson White (1814–1892) as the home for railroad car magnate Webster Wagner (1817–1882). It consists of a 2 1⁄2-story main block with a 2-story rear service wing. It features a 3-story entrance tower at the southeast corner.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Battle Games in Middle-earth (BGiME) was a fortnightly magazine published by De Agostini in conjunction with British games manufacturer Games Workshop. Unlike White Dwarf which is dedicated to the three core systems of miniature wargaming produced by Games Workshop BGiME was exclusively about The Lord of the Rings Strategy Battle Game.According to the magazine itself as well as it was sold in Ireland the United Kingdom Australia New Zealand Malta and South Africa.
 The Ibex Hills are a mountain range in Inyo County California.
 Anies Rasyid Baswedan Ph.D. (born in Indonesia May 7 1969) is the current President of Paramadina University in Jakarta Indonesia. He is the initiator and chairman of Indonesia Mengajar (Teaching Indonesia).As a student he was actively involved in the Indonesian student movements during Suharto's authoritarian regime. He is known as one of the few Indonesian student leaders from the early 1990s movements to win a Fulbright scholarship and study abroad for graduate school.
 Le Carnaval des vérités is a 1920 French silent film written and directed by Marcel L'Herbier.
 Belfort [ˈbɛlfɔrt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Dziemiany 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Kościerzyna and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Death Duel is a 1972 Taiwanese and Hong Kong film.
 Barnabas Andyar Iyorhyer Gemade (born 4 September 1948) is a Nigerian politician formerly National Chairman of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) who was elected Senator for the Benue North East constituency of Benue State Nigeria in 9 April 2011 national elections.
 Punjabi Virsa 2006 was a concert tour by Manmohan Waris Sangtar and Kamal Heer. The Punjabi Virsa 2006 concert at the Hershey Center was recorded live and released on DVD and CD by Plasma Records. The Tour featured concerts in 34 Cities (8 in Canada 7 in Europe 3 in Australia and 16 in the USA). This has been one of the biggest Punjabi Virsa tours and one of the most successful ones. After the tour Sangtar said the following:We had a wonderful time meeting people all around the world.
 Francis Annesley 1st Viscount Valentia PC (c. 1585 – November 1660) was an English statesman during the colonisation of Ireland in the seventeenth century. He was a Member of Parliament for both the English and Irish houses and was elevated to the Irish peerage as Baron Mountnorris and later Viscount Valentia.
 In the Palace of the King is a 1923 American silent historical romantic drama film based on the novel of the same name by F. Marion Crawford. Directed by Emmett J. Flynn the film stars Blanche Sweet Pauline Starke and Edmund Lowe.A previous silent version had been made and released in 1915 by the Essanay company and starred Richard Travers and Nell Craig. Prior to the films the novel was adapted into a Broadway in 1900 starring Viola Allen and her father C. Leslie Allen.
 Czuchów [ˈt͡ʂuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Platerów 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Łosice and 123 km (76 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Bayt Naqquba (Arabic: بيت نقّوبة‎ also known as Bait Naqquba) was a Palestinian village in British Mandate Palestine located 9.5 kilometers west of Jerusalem near Abu Ghosh. Before Palmach and Haganah troops occupied the village during Operation Nachshon on April 11 1948 approximately 300 Palestinian Arabs lived there. After the 1948 Arab–Israeli War a moshav named Beit Nekofa was founded close to the site by Jewish immigrants from Yugoslavia.
 Fischbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Woodswallows are soft-plumaged somber-coloured passerine birds. There is a single genus Artamus The woodswallows are either treated as a subfamily Artaminae in an expanded family Artamidae which includes the butcherbirds and Australian Magpie or as the only genus in that family. The generic name which in turn gives rise to the family name is derived from the Ancient Greek artamos meaning butcher or murder.
 Ultra. Dance 02 is a dance compilation album from Ultra Records released as part of the label's Ultra.Dance series. It was released on June 25 2002 and mixed by DJ Encore.
 Żmijewo-Zagroby [ʐmiˈjɛvɔ zaˈɡrɔbɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Troszyn 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Ostrołęka and 103 km (64 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Gubiny [ɡuˈbinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogóźno within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 200.
 Camber of Culdi is fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Ballantine Books on June 12 1976. It was the fourth novel in Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published and the first book in her second Deryni trilogy The Legends of Camber of Culdi. The Legends trilogy serves as prequels to The Chronicles of the Deryni series that Kurtz wrote from 1970 to 1973 and it details the events that occurred two centuries before the Chronicles trilogy.
 Mont Avril is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border. Its summit has an elevation of 3347 metres above sea level and can be reached by a trail from the Fenêtre de Durand (2800 m).
 Kangashi (Persian: كنگاشي‎ also Romanized as Kangāshī) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 44 families.
 Ishlaq (Persian: ايشلق‎ also Romanized as Īshlaq; also known as Ashlogh Eshlaq and Eshleq) is a village in Tirchai Rural District Kandovan District Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 461 in 171 families.
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 13 families.
 As Dreams Are Made On is a short film written and directed by Gabriel Reid.Ian Hughes plays Reuben Mills a talented but impoverished actor feeling much pressure to nest. With his acting company about to tour he finds himself at an emotional crossroads. The time has come to choose his path.Gabriel Reid was inspired to undertake this project after researching an M.A. thesis examining film adaptations of Shakespeare.
 Dennis Lee Wojtanowski is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives and a current political advisor and current President of the Ohio Automotive Council.
 Nathan's Department Store is a historic department store building located at Johnstown Cambria County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1917 and is a four-story brick building with a finished basement. The front facade features glazed architectural terra cotta in a simplified classical motif. The building was damaged in the Flood of 1977. For many years the building housed an S. S. Kresge store.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 DJ-Kicks: Terranova is a DJ mix album mixed by Terranova. It was released on 19 January 1998 on the Studio !K7 independent record label as part of the DJ-Kicks series.
 Riders of the Range is a 1923 western silent film presented by Clifford S. Efelt and directed by Otis B. Thayer and starring Edmund Cobb Dolly Dale Helen Hayes and Frank Gallagher. The film was shot in Colorado by Thayer's Art-O-Graf film company. It was a Roy M. Langdon Production. The film was released on VHS by Grapevine Video.
 Come Into the World is the debut EP by the South Korean boy band Teen Top. It was released in July 9 2010 with the song Clap as a promotional track. The album was re-released on July 11 2013 with additional unseen photos titled as Come into the World: Clap Encore.
 E-Commerce Place (French: Cité du commerce électronique) (CCE) is an office complex of two towers located in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located on René-Lévesque Boulevard West between Mountain Street and Lucien L'Allier Street in Downtown Montreal.It derives its name from the fact that its construction was part of a program grant from the Government of Quebec to promote the development of employment in the field of information technology.
 Basiptera castaneipennis is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily and the only species in the genus Basiptera. It was described by Thomson in 1864. It is known from Paraguay and Argentina.
 Send Flowers is the debut album release from Black Lungs the side project of Alexisonfire guitarist and backing vocalist Wade MacNeil. MacNeil's sound has been described as the soundtrack for punk rockers hip hoppers pill poppers young ladies and show stoppers.The album was originally due out at the end of Alexisonfire's tour in December 2007 but was instead released in May 2008 with Dine Alone Records.
 Fast Company is a 1929 American comedy film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and starring Jack Oakie and Evelyn Brent.
 The Sicilian is a 1987 action film based on the novel of the same name by Mario Puzo. It was directed by Michael Cimino and stars Christopher Lambert Joss Ackland and Terence Stamp.
 Atalu (Persian: عطالو‎ also Romanized as ‘Aţālū) is a village in Bastamlu Rural District in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 19 families.
 Kaagaz Ki Nao is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by B. R. Ishara.
 Balasaheb Bhausaheb Thorat (Marathi: बाळासाहेब भाऊसाहेब थोरात) (7 Feb 1953) is a leader of farmers and Indian National Congress legislator. He is well known in the cooperative movement as the founder of the Sangamner Cooperative Sugar Mill and Milk Cooperative and former president of the Sangamner District and State Cooperative Bank. He is recognized for his constructive work in Sangamner taluka and Akole taluka. He has founded cooperative educational institutions in Sangamner.
 The Gleason Building is a historic commercial building at 349-351 Essex Street in Lawrence Massachusetts. It is a Richardsonian Romanesque building six stories tall faced in brick and brownstone. It was built by William Oswald to a design by Arthur Gray and boasted the city's first hydraulic elevator.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 For the sake of mahdi (Persian: بخاطر مهدي‎) is a 2012 Iranian film directed by Hossein Shahabi (persian: حسین شهابی).
 St Mary’s Church Harborne Birmingham is a Roman Catholic parish in the Archdiocese of Birmingham.
 Mawali (मवाली) is a Hindi language novel by Surender Mohan Pathak. It is based upon the biography of a fictional personality called Shyamrav Pethekar better known as Sikander.
 Rozłopy [rɔˈzwɔpɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sułów within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Sułów 20 km (12 mi) west of Zamość and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Hypophytala henleyi Grose-Smith’s Flash is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the western part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād; also known as Fathēbād) is a village in Deris Rural District in the Central District of Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 199 in 46 families.
 Tan Choo Leng (simplified Chinese: 陈子玲; traditional Chinese: 陳子玲; pinyin: Chén Zǐlíng) is a Singaporean lawyer and the wife of Singapore's second prime minister Goh Chok Tong.Tan obtained her Bachelor of Laws from the University of Singapore (now the National University of Singapore). She is currently an advocate and solicitor for M/s Wong Partnership.She has given her support to many charities and was best known for being a patron of the Singapore National Kidney Foundation (NKF).
 The Truth About Charlie is a 2002 remake of the 1963 classic film Charade. It is also an homage to François Truffaut's 1960 film Shoot the Piano Player complete with that film's star Charles Aznavour making two surreal appearances singing his song Quand tu m'aimes (first in French later in English).The Truth About Charlie was produced directed and co-written by Academy Award winner Jonathan Demme.
 Lady Love is a Japanese manga series by Hiromu Ono. It won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo manga in 1984.
 Sea Lion Tarn (Ezero Morski Lav \'e-ze-ro 'mor-ski 'l&v\) is a freshwater tarn with an area of 0.3 ha (0.74 acre) located between Sea Lion Glacier and the north-western slopes of Atlantic Club Ridge on Hurd Peninsula in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica. The lake drains westward through a 100 m creek into South Bay.The feature takes its name from the adjacent Sea Lion Glacier.
 The Anglican Church of St Mary in Chedzoy Somerset England dates from the 13th century and has been designated as a grade I listed building.There is evidence of a Church in Chedzoy in 1166 when it was given along with the parent church in North Petherton to Buckland Priory.
 Gallacoccus is a genus of the scale insects commonly known as beesoniids. They typically cause galls on their plant hosts. Gallacoccus anthonyae is the type species. Female members of the genus Gallacoccus have only three instars in contrast to the other beesoniid genera where the females have four.
 Celebrate the Dead is the third EP by Beherit released in 2012. The album includes a new song and a re-recording of Demon Advance originally found on the Engram album. The tracks on the EP showcase a decidedly more dark ambient style than those found on their last effort.
 Lepaki Wielkie [lɛˈpaki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Lepacken (1938-45:Ramecksfelde)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Ełk and 115 km (71 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Lulu and Jimi is a 2009 drama film directed by Oskar Roehler. It is about the relationship between Lulu a rich German girl and Jimi a black man happened in the German 50's.
 John Henry Haynes (27 January 1849 – 29 June 1910) was an American traveller archaeologist and photographer best known for his archaeological work at the first two American archaeological excavations in the Mediterranean and Mesopotamia at Nippur and Assos. Haynes can be regarded as the father of American archaeological photography and his corpus remains an important record of numerous archaeological sites across Ottoman Anatolia.
 Górki [ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Klimontów 24 km (15 mi) west of Sandomierz and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
 MetaFour is the sixth solo album released by John Taylor.
 Cophosomorpha is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Cophosomorpha agilis Straneo 1995 Cophosomorpha alticola (Peringuey 1899) Cophosomorpha anceyi (Tschitscherine 1890) Cophosomorpha angulicollis Straneo 1943 Cophosomorpha angustibasis Straneo 1955 Cophosomorpha angustula Straneo 1940 Cophosomorpha arnoldi Straneo 1940 Cophosomorpha basilewskyi Straneo 1975 Cophosomorpha brincki Straneo 1958 Cophosomorpha brittoni Straneo 1940 Cophosomorpha caffra (Dejean 1828) Cophosomorpha capicola (Tschitscherine 1890) Cophosomorpha castelli (Peringuey 1926) Cophosomorpha congenera (Peringuey 1899) Cophosomorpha congruens (Peringuey 1896) Cophosomorpha crenicollis Straneo 1986 Cophosomorpha dichroa (Tschitscherine 1890) Cophosomorpha endroedyi Straneo 1986 Cophosomorpha fallaciosa (Tschitscherine 1899) Cophosomorpha femoralis Straneo 1995 Cophosomorpha hessei Straneo 1958 Cophosomorpha impunctata Straneo 1975 Cophosomorpha laetans Peringuey 1926 Cophosomorpha leleupiana Straneo 1965 Cophosomorpha longelytrata Straneo 1940 Cophosomorpha longula Straneo 1951 Cophosomorpha loveridgei Straneo 1951 Cophosomorpha macroptera (Peringuey 1899) Cophosomorpha minuta Straneo 1958 Cophosomorpha natalensis (Boheman 1848) Cophosomorpha propinqua Peringuey 1926 Cophosomorpha pseudocastelli Straneo 1958 Cophosomorpha pseudodichroa Peringuey 1926 Cophosomorpha recticollis Straneo 1940 Cophosomorpha rufina Straneo 1940 Cophosomorpha sagittalis Straneo 1940 Cophosomorpha similis Straneo 1949 Cophosomorpha sinuatangula Tschitscherine 1901 Cophosomorpha soror (Tschitscherine 1890) Cophosomorpha sublaetans Straneo 1965 Cophosomorpha vansoni Straneo 1940↑
 Susuzşahap Akseki is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 Gallison Hall is a historic home located near Charlottesville Albemarle County Virginia. It was designed by the architect Stanhope Johnson in the Georgian Revival style and built between 1931 and 1933. It consists of a 2 1/2-story five-bay brick center section with a steeply pitched hipped roof flanked by 1 1/2-story three-bay gable-roofed wings conneected by hyphens.
 St. Martin's Church is a grade II listed Church of England parish church in Sherwood Nottingham.
 Voice Over! Seiyu Academy (声優かっ! Seiyū ka-!) lit. The voice actor! is a shōjo manga by Maki Minami. The series started serialization in the 14th issue of the biweekly manga magazine Hana to Yume on June 20 2009. In order to accurately present the voice acting business in the manga the company 81 Produce and the professional Tokyo Animation Institute were involved in references and research.
 Mitromorpha saotomensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 So Sudden is the debut album of The Hush Sound. It was first released independently during early 2005. It was re-released after the band signed to Decaydance Records Fall Out Boy's Pete Wentz's independent record label.
 St. John the Evangelist Upper Edmonton is a church in Edmonton and is within the Diocese of London and are under the Bishop of Edmonton The Rt Revd Peter Wheatley. St John is within the Anglo-Catholic of the Church of England and has the Mass at the centre of the Parishes life.
 Mount Collie is a mountain in Yoho National Park located on the western boundary of the Wapta Icefield in Canada. The mountain was named in 1897 by Charles S. Thompson after J. Norman Collie an accomplished mountaineer and early explorer of the Canadian Rockies.
 Kurumbu is a 2003 Indian Tamil film directed by Vishnuvardhan making his directorial debut. The film a remake of the 2002 Telugu film Allari stars Allari Naresh who also starred in the original version which marked his acting debut along with the female artists Diya and Nikita Thukral in lead roles.
 Granite Building is a historic department store building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was designed by J. Foster Warner in 1893 and at 12 stories with 23 acres (9.3 ha) of floor space was the city's first skeletal steel skyscraper. Its facade is a mix of Second Renaissance Revival style and Beaux-Arts style classical details. It is characterized by recessed monumental four story granite columns supporting recessed arches.
 Gozokht (Persian: گزخت‎ also Romanized as Gazokht and Kozokht; also known as Qalat Gujat) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District Central District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 699 in 135 families.
 Alte Aller is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Cobb is a 1994 biopic starring Tommy Lee Jones as the famed baseball player Ty Cobb. It was written and directed by Ron Shelton and was based on a book by Al Stump. The original music score was composed by Elliot Goldenthal.
 Die Mücke is a 1954 German drama film directed by Walter Reisch. It was entered into the 1955 Cannes Film Festival.
 Sympistis amenthes is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Washington to Oregon and from the east slope of Cascade Mountains to Northwestern Nevada at altitudes of 2600 to 5600 feet.The wingspan is 28–36 mm. Adults are on wing in September.
 The Future in America: A Search After Realities is a 1906 travel essay by H. G. Wells recounting his impressions from the first of half a dozen visits he would make to the United States. The book consists of fifteen chapters and a concluding envoy.Wells describes the United States as a great and energetic English-speaking population strewn across a continent so vast as to make it seem small and thin . . .
 Childe Morgan is a fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was published by Ace Books on December 5 2006. It is the fifteenth of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published the second book in the fifth Deryni trilogy the Childe Morgan trilogy. The events of this trilogy are a direct prequel to the first Deryni trilogy the Chronicles of the Deryni.
 Blepharomyia pagana is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
 1211 Avenue of the Americas (also known as the News Corp. Building) is an International style skyscraper in Midtown Manhattan New York City. Formerly called the Celanese Building it was completed in 1973 as part of the Rockefeller Center extension that started in the late 1950s with the Time-Life Building. The Celanese Corporation would later move to Dallas Texas.
 Haplochromis eduardianus is a species of cichlid endemic to Uganda where it is found in Lake George Lake Edward and the Kazinga Channel. This species can reach a length of 7.9 centimetres (3.1 in) SL.
 React (2008) is the third collaborative album by electronic musicians Robert Rich and Ian Boddy. Like their previous collaborations Outpost and Lithosphere this album was released as a limited edition of 2000 copies.
 Young Woodley is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Marjorie Hume Sam Livesey and Robin Irvine. The film was never released and was subsequently remade by Bentley as a sound film Young Woodley in 1930. It was made at Cricklewood Studios. It was based on the play Young Woodley by John Van Druten.This silent version was released to the home movie market running 8 x 200 ft reels standard 8mm on Amber Stock.
 Theresa Makone is the Zimbabwe Minister of Public Works. She is the Member of House of Assembly for Harare North (MDC-T).
 Alexander Harper (February 5 1786 – December 1 1860) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.Born near Belfast Ireland Harper immigrated to the United States and settled in Zanesville Ohio. He pursued preparatory studies studied law was admitted to the bar in 1813 and commenced practice in Zanesville. He served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1820 and 1821.
 Qualitative Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Sociology and Social Sciences Interdisciplinary. The journal's editors are Paul Atkinson (Cardiff University) and Sara Delamont (Cardiff University). It has been in publication since 2001 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Lusići (Cyrillic: Лусићи) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 For his son who is currently a member of the Illinois House of Representatives see Art Turner.Arthur L. Turner is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 9th District since 1981 and serving as the Deputy Majority Leader. He was a candidate for the Democratic Party nomination for Lieutenant Governor of Illinois in 2010 but placed second to Scott Lee Cohen. Mr.
 The Rook is the 2012 debut novel of Australian author Daniel O'Malley. The epistolary novel follows protagonist Myfanwy (pronounced like Tiffany with an M) Thomas as she attempts to re-integrate into her life of administrating a clandestine government organization responsible for protecting the U.K. from supernatural threats.
 The Seehorn (2439 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Gondo in the canton of Valais. Unlike most other mountains in Valais the Seehorn lies on the south side of the Alps in the southern Simplon Valley.From the Furggu pass (1872 m) a trail leads to its summit.
 Keeper of Dreams (2008) is a short story collection by Orson Scott Card. It contains twenty-two stories by Card which do not appear in his collection Maps in a Mirror. This collection was released on April 15 2008.
 Thank God I'm A Contra Boy is a 1986 album by the Capitol Steps.
 Mount Hua or Hua Shan (simplified Chinese: 华山; traditional Chinese: 華山; pinyin: Huà Shān) or Xiyue (Chinese: 西岳; pinyin: Xīyuè; literally western great mountain) is a mountain located near the city of Huayin in Shaanxi province about 120 kilometres (75 mi) east of Xi'an. It is one of China's Five Great Mountains and has a long history of religious significance.
 Johnny is the fifth studio album by Australian pop singer John Farnham (who was billed then as Johnny Farnham) which was released on HMV for EMI Records in August 1971. It peaked at #24 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Charts. Farnham had earlier #1 singles with Sadie (The Cleaning Lady) in 1968 and his cover of Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head in 1970; a non-album single Acapulco Sun was released in May 1971 but there were no charting singles from Johnny.
 The Brinkerhoff House is located in Wood-Ridge Bergen County New Jersey United States. The building was originally constructed in 1792 by George Brinkerhoff. In the 1870s the house was remodeled by Henry E. Brinkerhoff. The house was renovated and turned into the Wood-Ridge Memorial Library in 1954. The house was renovated again and expanded in 2000. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24 1984.
 Jerome Van Croninsfield Smith (July 20 1800 – August 21 1879) was an American politician serving as the fourteenth mayor of Boston Massachusetts from 1854 to 1855.
 Syed Sharifuddin Pirzada (Urdu: شریف الدین پیرزادہ سيد ‎) NI (born 12 June 1923 Burhanpur Central Provincess) (British India) a direct descendant of Shaikh (Arabic: شيخ) Burhanuddin Raz-i-Ilahi[citation needed] (the Saint/Pir (Persian: پیر)) of the Shattar order in Burhanpur who had amongst others Emperor Aurangzeb as his disciple[citation needed]).
 Sister Princess (シスター・プリンセス Shisutā Purinsesu) is a Japanese seinen series written by Sakurako Kimino and illustrated by Naoto Tenhiro. It began as a serialized light novel series in 1999. In 2001 a manga series and a bishōjo game for the PlayStation were released. Sequels to the game were released for the PlayStation and Game Boy Advance. Sister Princess was also adapted into two anime television series.
 Arab al-Nufay'at was a Palestinian Arab village in the Haifa Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on April 10 1948. It was located 45 km south of Haifa.The population in 1945 was 820.
 Monterey Historic District is a national historic district located in Washington Township Franklin County Pennsylvania. The district includes 60 contributing buildings associated with a late-19th century summer resort community developed primarily after 1885. The residential buildings include a number of high-styled Late Victorian Georgian Revival and Colonial Revival style cottage dwellings.
 The Eagle House in Lonoke Arkansas is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house that was built in 1915. It was designed by architect Charles L. Thompson. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Cymothoe althea the Western Glider is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana and Nigeria. The habitat consists of wetter forests.
 Scopula anysima is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Zereshki (Persian: زرشكي‎ also Romanized as Zereshkī) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 William Smith PC (November 16 1847 – January 22 1931) was a Canadian politician.Born in Columbus Canada West the son of William Smith and Elizabeth Laing Smith received his early education in the public schools of Columbus after which he continued his studies in Upper Canada College. An agriculturist Smith was deputy reeve and afterwards reeve of the township of East Whitby. He was also trustee of Columbus School Board for twenty years.
 Mount Kanmuri (冠山 Kanmuri-yama) is a mountain located on the border between Gifu and Fukui prefectures in the Chūbu region of Japan. It is 1256.6 m (4123 ft) tall and part of the Ryōhaku Mountains. It is also the source of the Ibi River.The mountain peak has a small area that can only hold about 10 people but it offers an unobstructed 360-degree panoramic view. There is also a triangulation station on the peak.
 explore is a Canadian publication focusing on outdoor lifestyle content. The magazine is published four times a year by OP Publishing.Each issue highlights travel adventures to remote corners of Canada and beyond. The magazine also features gear and events across the country.
 The Milk River is a tributary of the Goat River which is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 Ancient Heart is the debut album by Tanita Tikaram. The record was released by Warner Music Group on September 13 1988. The album had huge success and was a hit globally launching Tanita's mainstream career. Guest musicians included Rod Argent Mark Isham Peter Van Hooke Paul Brady and Brendan Croker. Argent and Van Hooke produced the album. The record includes four singles.
 Uroplatus sikorae is a species of gecko commonly referred to as the Mossy leaf-tailed gecko. This species endemic to Madagascar is found in primary and secondary forests on the island. It has the ability to change its skin color to match its surroundings and possesses dermal flaps which break up its outline when at rest.It is a CITES II protected animal due to habitat loss and overcollection for the pet trade.
 Coleophora aquaecadentis is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Namibia.
 Ang Tala sa Panghulo (The Bright Star at Panghulo) is a 1913 Tagalog-language romance novel written by Filipino novelist Patricio Mariano. The 207-page book was published in Manila by R. Martinez and was printed by the Imprenta At Litograpya Ni Juan Fajardo (Printer And Lithography By Juan Fajardo) during the American era in Philippine history.
 Michi Madness (stylized as MiChi MadNesS) is the first album released by British-Japanese musician MiChi released on 27 June 2008. It was released on Mmm Records an independent record label. The album includes four cover songs originally by The Spice Girls Queen Des'ree and Fergie. Surrender was featured on a dance compilation album titled Freedom-House Mode Collection. The album peaked at number 142 on the Japanese Oricon charts and had a chart run of six weeks.
 St. Joseph's Metropolitan Cathedral also known as Palayam Palli is the Roman Catholic cathedral of the Archdiocese of Trivandrum. The first church was built here in 1873. The church was entended in the manner of a cross in 1912. The final stage of extension including the Gothic style facade and the bell-tower was completed in 1927. The three bells were brought from Belgium and were named Joseph Xavier and Aloysius in honour of St. Joseph the Patron of the Church St.
 US Post Office-Long Beach is a historic post office building located at Long Beach in Nassau County New York United States. It was built in 1936 and designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect under the direction of Louis A. Simon. It is a one story symmetrically massed building faced with red brick in the Colonial Revival style. It features a central five bay wide section with a gable roof flanked by single bay end pavilions with gable roofs perpendicular to the central section.
 Willem Jacob van de Graaf (28 May 1736 or 1737 Huissen - 10 December 1804 Utrecht) was the 35th Governor of Zeylan during the Dutch period in Ceylon. Willem Jacob was the third child of Sebastiaan van de Graaf Major of Cavalry in the Army of the United Provinces and Geertruid van Vinceler. At the age of 18 Van de Graaf left on the ship Blijdorp for Ceylon where he became a merchant in Galle.
 Archostemata is the smallest suborder of beetles consisting of fewer than fifty known species organized into five families. Archostemata is an ancient lineage with a number of primitive characteristics. They are similar in morphology to the first beetles which appear in the fossil record approximately 250 million years ago. Antennae may be thread-shaped (filiform) or like a string of beads (or moniliform).
 Hasanabad-e Kareyak (Persian: حسن ابادكريك‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Kareyak; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Dana Rural District in the Central District of Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 66 in 15 families.
 Arias with a Twist is a collaborative play created by drag queen Joey Arias and puppeteer Basil Twist. It premiered on June 12 2008 at the HERE Arts Center in the Dorothy B. Williams Theatre. Although the play is performed as a one-person show starring Arias it also features the work of six nearly-invisible puppeteers who manipulate traditional marionettes hand puppets and the scenic elements. It has been nominated for the 2009 Drama Desk Award for Unique Theatrical Experience.
 Château de Pommier is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Platzerberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Spencer Township Hall is a historic former government building in the Columbia-Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. One of Cincinnati's oldest extant public buildings it has been designated a historic site because of its architecture.
 33 is the debut release by British gothic rock/Indie rock band Esben and the Witch released in 2009 by themselves and features early recording's of Eumenides and future single Marching Song.it was recorded in Rachel Davies bedroom and they released it in 2009 themselves. It was available as a free download of their website and hand-made CD's were released at early shows and local record shops in Brighton.
 Hindi Blogging : Abhivyakti Ki Nai Kranti (Hindi: हिन्दी ब्लॉगिंग : अभिव्यक्ति की नयी क्रान्ति) literally Hindi Blogging: Expression of new revolution is a book of critical writings based on the Hindi blogosphere. This is a first analytical book related Hindi Blogging edited by Ravindra Prabhat and Awinash Vachaspati.
 Timothy Belcher Dyk (born February 14 1937) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
 Pic Eccles (4041 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in the Val d'Aosta Italy. It lies at the foot of the Innominata ridge to the summit of Mont Blanc. The mountain is named after the English mountaineer and geologist James Eccles.Although the mountain was probably climbed on 31 August 1874 by J. G. A.
 Potamotherium ('river beast') an extinct genus from the Miocene period which has been assigned both to the mustelids and to the pinnipeds.The genus was first described in 1833. In 1988 it was assigned to the family Mustelidae and the subfamily Oligobuninae. However it has been suggested that Potamotherium was not a mustelid at all but rather a very basal pinniped. One species has been identified in the genus: P. miocenicum.
 Lloyd's of London is a 1936 American drama film directed by Henry King. It stars Tyrone Power Madeleine Carroll and Guy Standing. The supporting cast includes Freddie Bartholomew George Sanders Virginia Field and C. Aubrey Smith. Loosely based on historical events the film follows the dealings of a man who works for Lloyd's of London during the Napoleonic Wars.
 The Andraș Filip River (Hungarian: Fülöp András-patak) is a tributary of the Vinul River in Romania
 Black Watch Library is a historic library building located at Ticonderoga in Essex County New York. It was built in 1905 and is a one story brick structure with a cruciform plan in the Jacobean Revival style. It features a blue / green slate gable roof with projecting rafter ends.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Walker-Broderick House at 541 Pine St. in Ketchikan Alaska was built in 1920 by local Ketchikan master builder Carl Foss. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It has also been known as the Doc Walker House and is Alaska Historic Resources Site No. KET-138.According to its 1980 NRHP nomination the house is considered by architects as a perfect example of the Craftsman Bungalow. It was home for Norman R.
 Common names: Peruvian forest-pitviper.Bothriopsis oligolepis is a venomous pitviper species found in Peru and Bolivia. The specific name is derived from the Greek words oligo and lepis meaning few scales; probably an allusion to the lower numbers of dorsal and ventral scales that it has compared to B. bilineata. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Boris Ivanovich Gostev (Russian: Бори́с Ива́нович Го́стев; born 15 September 1927 Moscow) was a Soviet Minister of Finance from 1985 to 1989.
 The William Haner Polygonal Barn was an historical structure located near Pisgah in rural Harrison County Iowa United States. It was built in 1912 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The 12-sided building measured 54 feet (16.5 m) around. It featured white horizontal siding with a block foundation a two-pitch roof and a large hay dormer on the south side. It was destroyed in a fire caused by lightning in 2002.
 Dealer's Choice is a play by Patrick Marber first performed at the Royal National Theatre (Cottesloe) in London in February 1995 where it won both the 1995 Evening Standard Award for Best Comedy and the Writers' Guild Award for Best West End Play.It is set in a restaurant in London in the mid-1990s. The action takes place over three acts.
 Cherokee County Courthouse in Canton Georgia was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Speckled Tinkerbird (Pogoniulus scolopaceus) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Togo and Uganda.
 Midjil (Telugu: మిడ్జిల్) is a Mandal in Mahbubnagar district Andhra Pradesh.
 Odostomia washingtonia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Hempel Hotel was a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It was located at 31-35 Craven Hill Gardens to the north of Hyde Park off Bayswater Road. It was a small boutique hotel with Zen inspiration designed by noted designer Anouska Hempel. The design of each of the 40 rooms and 10 apartments centered around minimalistic art and the color white. It also featured a Zen Garden.
 Přerovská hůra (also Bělice or Bílá hůrka - Přerov hill White hill) is a hill in the central part of Labe lowlands in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. A fortification was built on the top of the hill during the Iron Age and was used by the Celts and early Slavs. The fortification is not dug out.
 The Common Whitethroat (Sylvia communis) is a common and widespread typical warbler which breeds throughout Europe and across much of temperate western Asia. This small passerine bird is strongly migratory and winters in tropical Africa Arabia and Pakistan.This is one of several Sylvia species that has distinct male and female plumages. Both sexes are mainly brown above and buff below with chestnut fringes to the secondary remiges. The adult male has a grey head and a white throat.
 Catfish is a 2010 American documentary film directed by Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman involving a young man Nev being filmed by his brother and friend co-directors Ariel and Henry as he builds a romantic relationship with a young woman on the social networking website Facebook. The film was a critical and commercial success even inspiring an MTV reality TV series Catfish: The TV Show.
 Melleh Khik Andeh (Persian: مله خيكنده‎ also Romanized as Melleh Khīk Andeh) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District Sorna District Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 330 in 55 families.
 Zendaneh (Persian: زندانه‎ also Romanized as Zendāneh) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District Pareh Sar District Rezvanshahr County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 Payingomuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Live from Radio City Music Hall is the title of Liza Minnelli's fifth solo live album. Also the entire show was directed for television by Louis J. Horvitz and later was released in VHS and DVD.
 Phaegoptera fusca is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Travassos in 1955. It is found in Brazil.
 Greenough Pond is a 234-acre (0.9 km2) water body located in Coos County in northern New Hampshire United States in the township of Wentworth's Location. The pond is part of the Androscoggin River watershed.
 The Da Pescaria River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Operation Antha is 1995 Indian Kannada language film starring Ambareesh and directed by Upendra. It is a direct sequel to the 1981 movie Antha which also starred Ambareesh. Ambareesh reprises his role as Kanwar Lal.
 Fuad Isgandarov (Azerbaijani: Fuad İsgəndərov born on August 6 1961 Baku) also spelled as Fuad Iskandarov is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Azerbaijan to the Kingdom of Belgium since 2012. At the same time he is the head of the delegation of the Republic of Azerbaijan to the European Union.
 The Post-Crescent is a daily newspaper based in Appleton Wisconsin. Part of the Gannett chain of newspapers it is primarily distributed in numerous counties surrounding the Appleton area.
 The Lost And Found EP by Royal Wood was released on Dead Daisy Records (2009).
 8 Miles High was meant to be the debut album of Australian nu-metal band Superheist. Due to problems with record company and line-up changes it was released as an EP instead.Like the previous Ep Chrome Matrix 8 Miles High was recorded at Backbeach Studios in Rye Victoria by D.W Norton and Mark Rachelle.This EP had lineup changes in the form of Si Durrant leaving just post of recording Drew Dedman came in to fill his shoes and keyboardist Fetah Sebawi was now a permanent member of the band.
 Detours is a live album by Canadian progressive rock band Saga. The album was recorded during their European Tour in 1997.
 Arend's golden mole (Carpitalpa arendsi) is a species of mammal in the Chrysochloridae family. It is found in Mozambique and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests temperate grassland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland arable land pastureland plantations rural gardens urban areas and introduced vegetation.
 The Herefordshire Beacon is one of the hills of the Malvern Hills.The name Malvern of the nearby town is probably derived from the Welsh moel fryn or bare hill. It is 1109 feet (338 m) high although the Victorian era inscription at the foot of the hill puts its height at 1145 feet (349 m). It is surrounded by a British Iron Age hill fort earthwork known as British Camp.The boundary between Herefordshire and Worcestershire is about 100 metres (330 ft) east of the summit.
 Pinnacle Peak is a peak located in Mount Rainier National Park in Lewis County Washington. It is the second highest peak in the Tatoosh Range.The trail to the saddle and summit grants spectacular views of Rainier. Some scrambling and rock climbing is needed to attain the summit.
 Grabowo [ɡraˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Biały Bór 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Szczecinek and 164 km (102 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 310.
 Charlotte Gray is a 1999 book by Sebastian Faulks and completes his loose trilogy of books about France with an account of the adventures of a young Scotswoman who becomes involved with the French resistance during the Second World War. It is set in Vichy France during World War II. The story is thought to be based on the exploits of French Resistance member Nancy Wake codenamed the White Mouse by the Gestapo and Pearl Cornioley a British secret service agent.
 Richard Hudson (born November 4 1971) is an American politician who has been the United States Representative for North Carolina's 8th congressional district since 2013. He is a member of the Republican Party.
 New Train is an album by Paul Pena recorded in 1973 and released in 2000. The album was recorded at Bearsville Records and produced by Ben Sidran (keyboardist for the Steve Miller Band).
 Death by a Thousand Cuts is a book by the historians Timothy Brook and Gregory Blue and scientific researcher Jérôme Bourgon which examines the use of slow slicing or lingchi a form of torture and capital punishment practised in mid- and late-Imperial China from the tenth century until its abolition in 1905.
 Leslie B. McLemore (born August 17 1940) is a civil rights activist and political leader in Jackson Mississippi. He served as interim Mayor of Jackson following the death of Frank Melton on May 7 2009 until the inauguration of re-elected mayor Harvey Johnson Jr. on July 3 2009.
 The Silver Peak Range is a mountain range in southwest Esmeralda County Nevada.
 New York Public Library and Bryant Park is a conjunction of the New York Public Library Main Branch and the adjacent Bryant Park. This conjunction was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1966.Its listing on the National Register is distinct from the New York Public Library on the same day which covered just the main branch building. The NRHP reference number of the other listing is 66000546.
 The Palani Hills (Tamil: பழனி மலை) (also Palani Hills) are a mountain range in Tamil Nadu state of South India. The Palani Hills are an eastward extension of the Western Ghats ranges which run parallel to the west coast of India. The Palani Hills adjoin the high Anamalai range on the west and extend east into the plains of Tamil Nadu covering an area of 2068 square kilometres (798 sq mi).
 The Killing Fields is the 10th record album by Mike Oldfield released in 1984. It was the soundtrack album for the British drama film of the same name based on the experiences of two journalists in the Khmer Rouge regime in Cambodia. It is the only full score written by Oldfield and the music was orchestrated by David Bedford.
 Haile Woldense or Woldetensae (ሃይለ ወልደትንሳኤ) is an Eritrean politician.Woldense was born in 1946 and attended High School in Asmara Eritrea. After graduation he was accepted to the Addis Ababa University engineering program. There he met Isaias Afewerki and they withdrew from school to join the Eritrean Liberation Front.In 1974 he became a member of what would become the Eritrea People's Liberation Front (EPLF) Central Committee and joined the Political Bureau.
 Hestad Chapel (Norwegian: Hestad kapell) is a chapel in Gaular Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Hestad on a small peninsula jutting into the Hestadfjorden a lake that is part of the river Gaula. Because of its location on a small island-like peninsula the church is also known as the Øyrakyrkja (island church). The chapel is part of the Viksdalen parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
 The Fresco River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil. A tributary to Xingu River at São Félix do Xingu.
 Romanów [rɔˈmanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Rzgów and 17 km (11 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Igor Muratovich Akhba (Abkhaz: Игор Мурат-иҧа Ахба; Georgian: იგორ ახბა; Russian: Игорь Муратович Ахба) is the current ambassador of the Republic of Abkhazia to the Russian Federation and a one time Minister for Foreign Affairs.
 The Elkhart River is a 48.3-mile-long (77.7 km) tributary of the St. Joseph River in northern Indiana in the United States. It is almost entirely contained in Elkhart County. It begins southeast of Millersburg just across the county line in Noble County. It flows generally westward through Benton and then turns northward. It then flows through Bainter Town and Waterford Mills into the Goshen Dam Pond. From there it flows northeast through Goshen Dunlap and Elkhart. It flows into the St.
 Ctrl.Alt.Shift was an initiative politicising a new generation of activists for social justice and global change. It was a project of UK aid and development charity Christian Aid.
 The Ontal River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
 Lac du Laouzas is a lake in Tarn France. At an elevation of 790 m its surface area is 3.35 km².
 Michael E. Guest (born 1957) was an openly gay U.S. Ambassador to Romania during the Bush Presidency. Guest was sworn in by U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell on September 18 2001 and took up his duties on September 24 2001.His life partner Alex Nevarez was acknowledged by Powell at the swearing-in ceremony in the State Department Diplomatic Reception Room.
 Piz Uffiern is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located between the valleys of Curnera and Nalps in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Piz Blas where runs the border with the canton of Ticino.
 Mount Asplenium is a mountain in the Main Range of south-east Queensland Australia. It is protected within the Main Range National Park. The summit can be reached by hiking south from Mount Huntley however there is no marked trail so only experienced navigators should attempt the ascent. The summit is rocky and covered in rainforest vegetation making camping unpleasant and blocking out views.
 Zebra in the Kitchen is a 1965 American family comedy film produced and directed by Ivan Tors. The film stars Jay North in his first leading feature film role Martin Milner Andy Devine and Joyce Meadows and tells the story of a 12-year-old boy's love and compassion for the animals he finds living at his local zoo. Originally released by MGM as a children's matinee feature the film has subsequently been released on VHS and DVD by Warner Bros.' family entertainment division.
 Alexandru Djuvara (Romanian pronunciation: [alekˈsandru d͡ʒjuˈvara]; December 20 1858 – February 1 1913) was a Romanian writer journalist and politician.
 Castell y Gwynt is a top of Glyder Fach in Snowdonia north-west Wales. It has the merit of being the only 3000 ft Welsh summit classed as only a Nuttall hence it is not included in the Welsh 3000s. It has a prominence of 15.7 m (51.5 ft) and was only included on the Nuttall's list after re-surveying in 2007. The top is more famous as a feature than a summit.Castell y Gwynt and the Cantilever Stone were used in Walt Disney's Dragonslayer.
 The Journal of Geophysical Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Geophysical Union 80 times per year. It contains original research on the physical chemical and biological processes that contribute to the understanding of the Earth Sun and solar system. It has seven sections: A (Space Physics) B (Solid Earth) C (Oceans) D (Atmospheres) E (Planets) F (Earth Surface) and G (Biogeosciences).
 William Pepperrell House is a historic house on State Route 103 (ME 103) in Kittery Point Maine.The building was completed in 1683 and was home to William Pepperrell a military hero best known for commanding the 1745 Siege of Louisbourg during King George's War. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. The structure and interior finish remains well preserved and has been partially restored in several places.
 Thane Alexander Campbell CC (July 7 1895 – September 28 1978) was a Prince Edward Island politician and jurist who served as the 19th Premier of Prince Edward Island from 1936 to 1943.
 Charles Allan Smart (March 23 1868 – June 4 1937) was a Canadian politician and a seven-term Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.
 In the Swing of Christmas is Barry Manilow's third Christmas-themed album released in 2007. It was only available at Hallmark Cards stores. You could also go to one of Barry's web sites to download the bonus track It Came Upon The Midnight Clear. In 2009 the album was re-released on Arista Records with two added tracks the first one was Christmas Is Just Around The Corner from the animated movie A Cranberry Christmas and the other one was Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer.
 The Mumbai World Trade Centre in Cuffe Parade was built in 1970. It consists of two towers MRVDC and IDBI. MRVDC was at 156m the tallest building in South Asia until the 2010 completion of The Imperial Mumbai (252m).
 The Socorro Mockingbird (Mimus graysoni) is an endangered mockingbird endemic to Socorro Island in Mexico's Revillagigedo Islands. The specific epithet commemorates the American ornithologist Andrew Jackson Grayson.Mimus graysoni shows its close relationship to the Northern and Tropical Mockingbirds rather subtly. It is a much stouter bird resembling some thrashers in habitus. It also has a distinct juvenile plumage more rufous above and with heavy pattern especially below.
 Bovan ( Serbian: Бован) is a village in Serbia situated in the municipality of Aleksinac in the Nišava District. Bovan has a population of 554 as recorded in the 2002 census.
 Golanik-e Olya (Persian: گلانيكعليا‎ also Romanized as Golānīk-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kalānīk-e Bālā) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District Anzal District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 55 in 12 families.
 Mark Traecey Patrick Kimmitt (born 21 June 1954) was the 16th Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs serving under George W. Bush from August 2008 to January 2009. Prior to joining the State Department he was a Brigadier General in the United States Army and served as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Middle East.
 Love and War is the second studio album by American recording artist Tamar Braxton. The album was released on September 3 2013 by Epic Records and Streamline Records. It is the first album by Braxton in 13 years.
 Raymond McCartney (born 29 November 1954) is a Sinn Féin politician and a former hunger striker and volunteer within the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA).He was born in Derry Northern Ireland.
 The River Wingham is a tributary of the Little Stour in Kent England.The river runs from its source near Ash west through Wingham to the Little Stour.
 St. David Catholic Church is a historic church in Madawaska Maine.It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Women for Sale is a 2005 documentary by Nili Tal. It explores the phenomenon of Russian women who immigrate to Israel to work as prostitutes.
 Berduj is a village in the municipality of Babušnica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 157 people.
 Billy Armstrong (born 21 June 1943 Coagh County Tyrone) is an Ulster Unionist politician in Northern Ireland.He served as Assembly Member for Mid Ulster from 1998 until 2011 when he was succeeded by his daughter Sandra Overend. He was a member of the Agriculture and Rural Development Committee the Committee for Enterprise Trade & Industry and the Committee of the Environment.
 Malashi (Persian: ملاشي‎ also Romanized as Malāshī; also known Qorbānābād) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District in the Central District of Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 191 in 47 families.
 The Col du Portillon (Spanish: El coll de Portilló; elevation 1293 m) is a high mountain pass in the Pyrenees on the border between France and Spain. It connects Bagnères-de-Luchon in France with Bossòst in the Val d'AranSpain.
 Jin Daoming (simplified Chinese: 金道铭; traditional Chinese: 金道銘; pinyin: Jīn Dàomíng; born December 1953) is a former politician of People's Republic of China.
 The Manila Bulletin (PSE: MB) (also known as the Bulletin and previously known as the Manila Daily Bulletin from 1906 to September 23 1972 and the Bulletin Today from November 22 1972 to March 10 1986) is the Philippines' largest broadsheet newspaper by circulation followed by the Philippine Daily Inquirer. It bills itself as The Philippines' Leading National Newspaper which is its official slogan.
 Greatest Remix Hits 4 is a remix album by Australian pop–dance singer Kylie Minogue. It was released by Mushroom Records on 21 August 1998 in Australia only. The album contained rare and previously unavailable remixes of songs from Minogue's studio albums with PWL from 1987 to 1992. One song on this set I Am The One For You was never released before this.
 Adam Young is a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing the 41st district. Young has also served as a social studies teacher at Nicholas County High School.
 Sar Gerik (Persian: سرگريك‎ also Romanized as Sar Gerīk and Sar Gerig) is a village in Binalud Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 10 families.
 Porky is the fifth novel by English author Deborah Moggach first published in 1983 by Jonathan Cape and recommended in OUP's Good Fiction Guide.
 New Erections is noise rock band The Locust's third album and their second with ANTI- Records. It was released on March 20 2007.
 The All New Adventures of The Lads is The Lads debut American release and sixth overall album.
 Danilo Ramon Subiaga Fernandez is a Filipino actor doctor and politician currently on his second term as Representative of the 1st District of Laguna. Prior to his election in the Congress he was formerly a member of the Sangguniang Panlalawigan and the Vice Governor of Laguna under the governorship of Teresita Lazaro. He also ran for governor in 2004 but lost to incumbent Governor Lazaro.
 The Second Presbyterian Church of Lexington Kentucky is a historic church located at 460 E. Main Street.It was built in 1922. It is a work of architects Cram & Ferguson and also is a work of architects Frankel & Curtis. It includes Art Deco architecture.It was built in 1922 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 Waldorf Astoria Hotel & Residences Philadelphia was a proposed skyscraper in the city of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was to be built in the former One Meridian Plaza lot half of which is now occupied by The Residences at The Ritz-Carlton. The project comprised a 670 feet (200 m)/58 floor tower located at 1441 Chestnut Street and was to be completed by Waldorf Astoria Philadelphia by the year 2012.
 Captain Spanky's Show Boat is a 1939 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 183rd Our Gang short (184th episode 95th talking short 96th talking episode and 15th MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Scopula flaccidaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Asia Minor Russia and south-eastern Europe.The wingspan is 19–23 mm.
 Glide Path is a novel by Arthur C. Clarke published in 1963. Clarke's only non-science fiction novel it is set during World War II and tells a fictionalized version of the development of the radar-based ground-controlled approach (called ground-controlled descent in the novel) aircraft landing system and includes a character modeled on Luis Alvarez who developed this system. It is based on Clarke's own wartime service with the Royal Air Force during which he worked on the GCA project.
 Peršėkė is a river of Alytus district municipality Alytus County southern Lithuania. It flows for 66 kilometres and has a basin area of 542 km².It begins near Gervėnai village and crosses the Lake Obelija at upper course. There is a water reservoir on Peršėkė near Krokialaukis. The most important settlements near Peršekė are Krokialaukis and Balbieriškis. Peršėkė joins the Neman River from its left side.
 The Greatest Hits ia a compilation album by the Canadian Rock band Toronto released in 1984. Tha album features two new studio tracks: Andrea and Me Generation. The CD release features the bonus track What About Love as well as music videos for three songs.
 André Spénard (born 13 March 1950) is a Canadian politician. He is a member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Beauce-Nord first elected in the 2012 election. He was reelected in the 2014 election.
 Anisomorpha is a genus of walking stick insect capable of secreting a substance from glands on the metathorax that can cause an intense burning irritation of the eyes (and in some cases temporary blindness) and mouth of potential predators on contact. Species are found throughout the mainland Central northern South America and the southeastern United States. The adult female is larger than the male in terms of length and width.
 Laadi is a village in Tahkuranna Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. Also he is part of the biggest partnership of two sexy people known as LAADZIM the extension of the partnership is known as laadzim bharoka jaddon
 Profit Over People: Neoliberalism and Global Order is a 1999 book by Noam Chomsky published by Seven Stories Press. It contains his critique of neoliberalism.He argues about the doctrines and the development of a pro-corporate system of economic and political policies that restrict the public arena and support private power.
 En Concierto... Inolvidable (In concert... Unforgettable) is the title of second live album by Spanish singer Rocío Dúrcal released on 22 October 2002 by BMG Music and Ariola Records. Produced by Argentinean songwriter Bebu Silvetti.It was recorded on 19 September 2002 during her concert made in the National Auditorium in Mexico City.
 The Fragile Art of Existence is the first album by Control Denied. It was released world-wide on Nuclear Blast America in 1999. Metal Mind Productions reissued the album on April 15 2008 (February 11 2008 in Europe). The release was limited to 2000 copies digitally remastered using 24-bit process on golden disc. The album was also rereleased in 2010 by Relapse Records available in 2 disc and 3 disc editions.
 Women in Music was an American newsletter founded in July 1935 by its publisher and editor Frédérique Petrides then the conductor of the Orchestrette Classique – an orchestra based in New York made-up of all women musicians. The publication ran until December 1940. The thirty-seven extant issues have been reprinted in the 1991 book by Jan Bell Groh Evening the Score: Women in Music and the Legacy of Frédérique Petrides.
 death_dateWilliam J. Lindsay (November 24 1945 - Sep 2013) was an American politician. He served as Suffolk County New York Legislator from the 8th district until his death. He also served as the Presiding officer of the Suffolk County Legislature.Lindsay was a native of Long Island having lived in Glen Cove as a child.He spent the majority of his life as an electrician. This career began through an apprenticeship with the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local 25.
 Tebhapadar is a village of Birmaharajpur subdivision of Subarnapur district of Orissa India. It is located on the bank of Surubalijora and Mahanadi River. Total population of this village is 1326 out of which 697 are male and 629 are female. This village is spread over 755.673 acres (3.05810 km2) of land.It has three temples viz. Jagannath Khameswari and Bhagabat temple.
 The Traitor's Emblem is a 2011 bestselling thriller novel by Juan Gómez-Jurado originally published in Spain. It has become an instant bestseller throughout Europe with more a million copies sold to date topping the bestsellers list for weeks and is being translated into 45 languages. The plot is set in Munich during the Interwar period.
 Drift: The Unmooring of American Military Power is a 2012 book by Rachel Maddow. Her first book Drift explores the premise that the manner in which the United States goes to war has gradually become more secretive and less democratic. In Drift Maddow examines how American declarations of war have incrementally shifted from being Congressionally approved to being centralized in the hands of the American President.
 Cruising with Ruben & the Jets is the fourth studio album by the Mothers of Invention. Released on December 2 1968 on Bizarre and Verve Records with distribution by MGM Records it was subsequently remixed by Frank Zappa and reissued independently.As with the band's previous three albums it is a concept album influenced by 1950s doo wop and rock and roll.
 Ong-Bak: Muay Thai Warrior (Thai: องค์บาก [oŋbaːk]) also known in the United States as Ong-Bak: The Thai Warrior is a 2003 Thai martial arts action film. It was directed by Prachya Pinkaew featured stunt choreography by Panna Rittikrai and starred Tony Jaa. Ong-Bak proved to be Jaa's breakout film with the actor hailed internationally as the next major martial arts star.
 Aquagrill is a seafood restaurant located at 210 Spring Street (on the corner of Sixth Avenue) in SoHo in Manhattan in New York City. It was opened in 1996 by owners Jennifer and Jeremy Marshall.
 Murder Is News is a 1937 Canadian / American film directed by Leon Barsha.
 Made to Stick: Why Some Ideas Survive and Others Die is a book by brothers Chip and Dan Heath published by Random House on January 2 2007. The book continues the idea of stickiness popularized by Malcolm Gladwell in The Tipping Point seeking to explain what makes an idea or concept memorable or interesting. A similar style to Gladwell's is used with a number of stories and case studies followed by principles.
 The Southeast Asia Weekly (SAEW) is a weekly English-language newspaper published in Phnom Penh Cambodia. It got a license in 2006 by the Ministry of Information. It is printed in full-color tabloid format. The Southeast Asia Weekly is a not-for-profit newspaper that is affiliated with The University of Cambodia. All the content views and opinions published pertain strictly to The Southeast Asia Weekly and in no way reflect the views and policies of The University of Cambodia.
 A Gem of a Jam is the 76th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Worlds Apart is the fourth studio album by the Canadian progressive rock band Saga and was originally released in 1981. The album has been released with several different covers. The album was produced by Rupert Hine.
 St. Luke's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church at 508 W. Pine in Warren Arkansas. Built in 1907 it has a simple L-shaped plan with Gothic Revival styling. The exterior is concrete blocks that have been treated to look like ashlar stone. It was originally built for the Episcopal Diocese of Arkansas and called St. Mary's Church but it never had a large congregation and services ended in the late 1920s.
 Dark World (1935) is a British film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring Tamara Desni Leon Quartermaine and Googie Withers. The film released by Fox Film Corporation is now considered a lost film.
 Gravel Hill is a historic plantation home located near Charlotte Court House Charlotte County Virginia. It was built in 1847 and is a two-story three-bay frame dwelling in the Greek Revival style. A two-story frame addition was built in 1912. It features a two-story pedimented Doric order portico.
 Mount Carter at 10590 feet (3230 m) above sea level is the seventh highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area on the border of Boise and Custer counties. The peak is located 0.32 mi (0.51 km) northwest of Mickey's Spire its line parent and 0.43 mi (0.69 km) west of Thompson Peak the highest point in the range.
 Lake Erie (/ˈɪri/; French: Lac Érié) is the fourth largest lake (by surface area) of the five Great Lakes in North America and the tenth largest globally or twelfth largest globally if measured in terms of surface area. It is the southernmost shallowest and smallest by volume of the Great Lakes and therefore also has the shortest average water residence time. It is bounded by Ontario to the north Ohio Pennsylvania and New York to the south and Michigan to the west.
 Oak Hill Lake (Halifax) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Valentine Girl is a 1917 American silent romantic drama film directed by J. Searle Dawley and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film starred Marguerite Clark Frank Losee and Richard Barthelmess. Actress Laura Sawyer wrote the screen story. The film is now presumed lost.
 Lila de las Mercedes Mayoral Wirshing (12 May 1942[citation needed] – 1 July 2003) was the wife of Governor of Puerto Rico Rafael Hernández Colón and served as First Lady during his three terms as Governor (1972–1977 1985–1993).
 The Tschierva Glacier (Romansh: Vadret da Tschierva) is a 4 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Bernina Range in the canton of Graubünden/Grisons in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 6.2 km2.
 Women Without Names is a 1940 American film directed by Robert Florey.
 Amphibulima patula is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amphibulimidae.
 Anbar Ab (Persian: انبار آب‎ also Romanized as Anbār Āb and Anbārāb) is a village in Zarrineh Rural District Karaftu District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 34 families.
 Ya Bent El-Eih is Tamer Hosny's third full length studio album released in March 2007. It features thirteen songs nine of which were leaked on the internet almost a week before the album was released.
 The Patience of the Spider (orig. Italian La pazienza del ragno) is a 2004 novel by Andrea Camilleri translated into English in 2007 by Stephen Sartarelli. It is the eighth novel in the internationally popular Inspector Montalbano series.Set once again in Sicily The Patience of the Spider pits Inspector Montalbano against his greatest foe yet: the weight of his own years.
 Hi-Score - The Best Of Che Fu is the first hits collection released by New Zealand hip-hop/R&B male vocalist Che Fu. It features tracks taken from his 3 studio albums plus 4 new recordings.
 Natasa is an album by popular Greek artist Natasa Theodoridou. It was released on November 27 2007 by Sony BMG Greece. All the lyrics in the album by Ilias Filippou and all the music by Kyriakos Papadopoulos
 Coconut Telegraph is the tenth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett. It was released in February 1981 as MCA 5169 and was produced by Norbert Putnam.
 Jeffrey M. Frederick (born September 23 1975) is an American politician. He served as a Republican member of the Virginia House of Delegates 2004–2010. Frederick was also chairman of the Republican Party of Virginia and a member of the Republican National Committee from May 2008 to April 2009.
 Chinit River (alternates: Stung Chinit or Stoeng Chinith) is a river of Cambodia. Located in Kampong Thom Province it is a major tributary of the Tonlé Sap Lake (Great Lake) which joins the Tonlé Sap River at the downstream end in the larger Mekong basin. Somewhat unusually the river is looped back into the same river system which accounts for its length of 264 kilometres leaving Tonlé Sap lake and entering its river again downstream.
 Belle Terre is a Star Trek: New Earth novel written by Dean Wesley Smith and Diane Carey.
 Oor Magal Marikkumo is a Malayalam language film starring Kamal Haasan Sobha T. R. Omana and Vidhubala. It was directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan.
 Koruza (Persian: كروزا‎ also Romanized as Korūzā) is a village in Dustan Rural District Badreh District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tin Lily is an album by American singer-songwriter Jeff Black released in 2005.
 As Far as Siam is the second studio album by the Canadian rock band Red Rider. The album was recorded at Sunset Sound in Los Angeles and released by Capitol Records in 1981.The album reached #65 on Billboard's Pop Albums chart in 1981. The single What Have You Got to do (To Get Off Tonight) peaked at #16 on the Canadian charts.
 The Herald is South West Media Group's Plymouth-based newspaper serving Plymouth and the surrounding communities of West Devon South East Cornwall and parts of the South Hams. The editor is Paul Burton the deputy editor is Clare Jardine the head of news is Neil Shaw.
 I Not Stupid (Chinese: 小孩不笨; pinyin: Xiǎohái Bù Bèn; literally Children are not stupid) is a 2002 Singaporean comedy film about the lives struggles and adventures of three Primary 6 pupils who are placed in the academically inferior EM3 stream. Written and directed by Jack Neo and produced by MediaCorp Raintree Pictures the movie stars Xiang Yun Richard Low Selena Tan Shawn Lee Huang Po Ju and Joshua Ang.
 What I Loved is a novel written by American writer Siri Hustvedt first published in 2003 by Hodder and Stoughton in London. It is written from the point of view of Leo Hertzberg an art historian living in New York. The author herself grew up in Northfield Minnesota and then moved to New York in 1978.
 Covelong (Kovalam) is a fishing village in India 40 kilometres south of Chennai on the East Coast Road en route to Mahabalipuram.
 Xenormicola prouti is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 El Acil (Arabic: الأصيل‎) meaning The Authentic is an Algerian daily newspaper in French language published in Constantine capital of the north-east of Algeria. The newspaper was established in 1993. It belongs to the EURL Inter-Med-Info group which owns the Arabic Al Acil and L'Authentic another French-language newspaper. El Acil′s manager is Nacer Tafraout and the editor is Abdelkrim Zerzouri.
 Nynne is a Danish film directed by Jonas Elmer starring Mille Dinesen. It is based on the bestselling Danish novel Nynnes dagbog (en. Nynne's Diary) by Henriette Lind Lotte Thorsen and Anette Vestergaard which again was based on a popular newspaper column in Politiken. Nynne was the fourth-most seen film total in theaters in Denmark in 2005 with 429301 tickets sold. (The most seen was Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire). Dinesen reprised the role in a short series the following year.
 Edward Bruce Alexander (b. 1872 - d. 1955) was an acting Governor of British Ceylon. He was appointed in 18 October 1925 and was acting Governor until 30 November 1925. He was succeeded by Hugh Clifford.
 Dupelli is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Atmakur mandal.
 John Mercer Walker Jr. (born December 26 1940) is a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. He was appointed to the Second Circuit in 1989 and served as the Circuit's chief judge from October 1 2000 to October 1 2006 when he assumed senior status.He was a judge in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York appointed in 1985 by President Ronald Reagan before being elevated to the Second Circuit in 1989.
 Carlos Frödden Lorenzen (May 14 1887 - August 12 1976) was a Chilean Navy officer and politician.He was born in Coronel the son of Federico Frodden and Carolina Lorenzen. He studied at the Liceo in Lebu and at the Naval Academy where he graduated in 1906 earning the silver medal second highest award. In 1906 he was commissioned Midshipman Second Class and made a trip around the world. Between 1909 and 1911 he was in the Patagonian Channels doing survey work.
 Chaumont House is a historic home located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It was built between 1806 and 1820 and consists of a 2 1⁄2-story five-by-three-bay Federal style main block of limestone with a 1 1⁄2-story three-by-two-bay lateral wood-frame wing. Also on the property are a contributing carriage house and garage.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Warbreaker is a stand-alone fantasy novel written by American author Brandon Sanderson. It was first published in June 2009 by Tor Books.Sanderson released several rewrites of Warbreaker under a Creative Commons license one chapter at a time. The entire novel including older drafts is available in digital format from Sanderson's website. Warbreaker has been well received by reviewers.
 The Tisza or Tisa is one of the main rivers of Central Europe. It rises in Ukraine and is formed near Rakhiv by the junction of headwaters White Tisa whose source is in the Chornohora mountains and Black Tisa which springs in the Gorgany range.
 Star Spangled Salesman is a 1968 short film produced by the U.S.
 Veselka is a Ukrainian 24-hour restaurant in New York City’s East Village.It was established in 1954 by post-World War II Ukrainian refugees Wolodymyr and Olha Darmochawal and is one of the last of the many Slavic restaurants that once proliferated the neighborhood. A cookbook published in October 2009 by St. Martin’s Press highlights more than 120 of the restaurant’s Eastern European recipes.A sister restaurant Veselka Bowery on East 1st Street and Bowery opened in November 2011.
 The zimb also known as tsaltsalya (Ethiopian) or seriut (Arabic) is any horse-fly of the genus Pangonia found in Ethiopia. The genus is more widespread and contains many species but only those from this region are given the name zimb. They are similar in feeding habits to the tsetse fly but completely unrelated.
 The Fabulous Chi-Ali is the first and only album by rapper Chi-Ali a member of the Native Tongues.
 David Anthony Laws PC (born 30 November 1965) is the British Liberal Democrat Member of Parliament for Yeovil and the Minister of State for Schools and the Cabinet Office where he has a cross-departmental role working on the Coalition Agreement and government policy.Laws was briefly a Cabinet Minister in 2010 as Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
 La Revue de Téhéran (Tehran Magazine) is an Iranian monthly magazine published in French mainly devoted to issues pertaining to Iranian culture and traditions. Founded in October 2005 it is affiliated to the Ettela'at foundation that publishes not only a widely circulated newspaper equally entitled Ettela'at but also many other scientific and cultural works.
 The Oarba River is a tributary of the Horincea River in Romania.
 William Berkeley 4th Baron Berkeley of Stratton PC PC (I) (d. 24 March 1741) was a British politician and judge. He was Master of the Rolls in Ireland between 1696 and 1731 and also held political office as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster from 1710 to 1714 and as First Lord of Trade from 1714 to 1715.
 HM Prison Whitemoor is a Category A men's prison located near the town of March in Cambridgeshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Jan Aziz (Persian: جان عزيز‎ also Romanized as Jān ‘Azīz) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 10 families.
 Teraqechi Kola (Persian: طرقچي كلا‎ also Romanized as Ţeraqechī Kolā; also known as Ţeraqīchī Kolā) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 87 families.
 The World Chess Hall of Fame (WCHOF) is a nonprofit collecting institution situated in the Central West End neighborhood of St. Louis Missouri.The WCHOF is the only institution of its kind and offers a variety of programming to explore the dynamic relationship between art and chess including educational outreach initiatives that provide context and meaning to the game and its continued educational impact.
 Kirathakudu (Telugu: కిరాతకుడు) is a 1986 Telugu Crime film based on the novel write by Yandamuri Veerendranath. The film was directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. The film stars Chiranjeevi Suhasini Mani Ratnam Silk Smitha and Kongara Jaggayya in important roles.S.V.Krishna Reddy plays an unusual role of an eunuch who later made many movies as a director.
 Mount Ng'iro is a mountain in the north of Kenya overlooking the Suguta Valley part of the Great Rift Valley to the west.The mountain is surrounded by desert but is forested on its upper slopes.It lies in the territory of the Samburu people. The Masula phratry of these people cultivate bees on the mountain and as bee-keepers claim exclusive rights to the land and water.
 Thomas Dick (13 August 1823 – 5 February 1900) was a 19th-century New Zealand politician. Originally a merchant he worked in London and then represented his firm on Saint Helena for seven years. From there he was sent to Dunedin as the company's representative; he emigrated with an extended family. He soon became involved in politics and was Superintendent of Otago Province from 1865 until 1867.
 The Zombie Farm is a 2011 American zombie film written and directed by Ricardo Islas. It stars Adriana Cataño Nadia Rowinsky Khotan Monika Munoz and Monika Munoz. It is about a battered wife con man and documentary filmmaker who team up against a voodoo priestess.
 Fifal (Persian: فيفل‎ also Romanized as Fīfal) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Save Me is the third studio album recorded by the Richmond Virginia based Pat McGee Band. It is a marked departure from the band's previous records as the familiar acoustic guitars and three part harmonies were eschewed in favor of a more raw electric sound. Four tracks were produced in California with Marti Frederiksen who had collaborated on their writing. The remainder of the album was laid down in Avatar Studios during late 2003.
 Aethes iranica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Asia Minor and Iran.
 Faraony is a river in Vatovavy-Fitovinany eastern Madagascar. It flows down from the central highlands to the Indian Ocean. It empties south of Namorona.
 Gerald K. Maloney is an American politician who served as the second mayor of West Valley City Utah.
 Lake Nagambie is an artificial lake in Victoria Australia. The lake was formed by the damming of the Goulburn River by the Goulburn Weir. The town of Nagambie is on its shores.
 The Artist In The Ambulance is Thrice's third album but their first on a major label. The album peaked at #16 on The Billboard 200 charts.[citation needed] As with The Illusion of Safety a portion of the sales of this CD were donated to a charitable cause. In this case it was the Syrentha J.
 Qasem Begi (Persian: قاسمبگي‎ also Romanized as Qāsem Begī) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tactical Force is 2011 feature film written and directed by Adamo Paolo Cultraro and starring Stone Cold Steve Austin Michael Jai White Candace Elaine Keith Jardine Michael Shanks Michael Eklund Darren Shahlavi and Lexa Doig. It was released on August 9 2011 in North America by Vivendi Entertainment (NYSE:VIV) and went on to become #10 in the top ten best selling DVDs in the United States for the month of August 2011.
 La mosca y la sopa [The fly and the soup] is the fifth album by Argentine rock band Patricio Rey y sus Redonditos de Ricota released in 1991. It was recorded through 1990 and 1991. This is the third Patricio Rey album to feature Lito Vitale on the keyboards.
 Mulan II is a 2004 American direct-to-video Disney animated film directed by Darrell Rooney and Lynne Southerland and is a sequel to the 1998 animated film Mulan (originally released in theaters). The entire cast from the first film returned except for Eddie Murphy (Mushu) Miriam Margolyes (The Matchmaker) Chris Sanders (Little Brother) and Matthew Wilder (Ling's singing voice).
 The Annie Lennox Collection is the first greatest hits album by Scottish singer-songwriter Annie Lennox. It was released on 9 March 2009 and also contains two brand-new songs Shining Light originally a song by Ash and a cover of Keane's rare B-side Closer Now retitled Pattern of My Life. The artwork was shot by rock singer Bryan Adams.
 Civilized Evil is an album by French Jazz-Fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty released in 1980. It was reissued on Atlantic Records on CD in 1992.
 Storm is a 2005 Swedish fantasy-thriller film directed by Måns Mårlind and Björn Stein. The film stars Eric Ericson Eva Röse and Jonas Karlsson. The official opening of Storm was on 20 January 2006 but the actual opening was at a preview of the film on 18 November 2005 during the Stockholm Film Festival where it also was awarded. Before 2006 Storm had already been sold to 18 other countries.
 Sainik is an Indian film directed by Sikander Bharti and released in 1993. It stars Akshay Kumar Ashwini Bhave and Farheen.
 European Monsoon is an album by British musician Pagan Wanderer Lu (real name Andy Regan). Released in June 2010 on Brainlove Records.
 Chemical Physics Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in the field of chemical physics. It was established in 1967 and is published by Elsevier. The current editors-in-chief are David Clary M. Okumura and R.J. Saykally.
 Parsberg (Berg) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The K9YA Telegraph is a free monthly general interest amateur radio e-Zine first published in January 2004. The journal of the Robert F. Heytow Memorial Radio Club the K9YA Telegraph is distributed to subscribers in over 100 countries via e-mail as a PDF file. Issues comprise original articles written by authors drawn from its subscriber base.
 Fico d'India (Prickly Pears) is a 1981 Italian comedy film directed by Steno.
 Dobrouščići (Serbian: Доброучићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.
 Gozd [ɡɔst] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Ryki and 67 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 William J. Murphy (born 1963) is an American attorney and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing the 26th District since 1992. He served as the 221st Speaker of the House from January 7 2003 to February 11 2010 when he handed over the gavel to his majority leader Gordon D. Fox.
 The Vienna and Earl Apartment Buildings are 1907 Neo-Classical Revival residences designed by Carl P. Waldon located in Saint Paul Minnesota. They are Registered Historic Places.
 Beyond This Place (2010) is a documentary film directed by Kaleo La Belle screened at a number of film festivals. In it La Belle reunites with his biological father Cloud Rock La Belle a charismatic figure who was largely absent from his life.
 Baby's Day Out is a 1994 American family comedy adventure film written by John Hughes produced by Richard Vane and John Hughes and directed by Patrick Read Johnson. The film stars twins Adam and Jacob Worton as Baby Bink with co-stars Joe Mantegna Joe Pantoliano and Brian Haley as the film's three incompetent antagonists. The plot centers on a wealthy baby's kidnapping by three incompetent villains his escape and adventure through a big city while being pursued by the three kidnappers.
 Krzysztof Jakub Putra (Polish pronunciation: [ˈkʂɨʂtɔf ˈputra] July 4 1957 – April 10 2010) was a Polish politician a member of the Law and Justice (PiS). He served as a Deputy of the Senate Marshal from October 27 2005 until November 4 2007. He later became a Sejm member (from November 5) and PiS candidate for Sejm Marshal.Putra was born in Józefowo Suwałki County. He was a grandson of Aleksander Putra who served as Sejm Member before World War II from Polish People's Party.
 The Urlatul Mic River is a tributary of the Tărlung River in Romania.
 Gonyleptoidea is the most diverse superfamily of the Grassatores. It includes around 2500 species distributed in the tropics. They are characterized by the simplified male genitalia with the glans free subapical in the truncus.Gonyleptoidea is the only group of harvestmen to show maternal care of offspring.
 Monster Walks the Winter Lake is David Thomas' fourth solo album. The album is noted as being the most personal album in David Thomas' canon. The album was included in the 1997 David Thomas anthology box set Monster.
 T.H.U.G.S. is a Compilation album by Bone Thugs-N-Harmony. It was released by Ruthless Records. It debuted on the Billboard US 200 at no.73 selling 15000 in its first week.
 Someone Special (Hangul: 아는 여자; RR: Aneun yeoja; lit. A Woman I Know) is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy film about a struggling baseball player and a fan with a long-time crush on him. It was selected to screen at the 2004 Pusan International Film Festival 2005 Udine Far East Film Festival and made its United States premiere at the 2005 New York Asian Film Festival.
 The Perfect Machine is a 2005 album by Vision Divine. It is a concept album dealing with a scientist who is able to put an end to death and disease for all mankind and thus make the human race immortal. The story considers the social and religious aspects of what such a discovery could bring.
 Mitra decurtata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Superior Ultraman 8 Brothers (大決戦！超ウルトラ８兄弟 Daikessen! Chō Urutora Hachi Kyōdai lit. Great Decisive Battle! The Super 8 Ultra Brothers) is a Ultraman theatrical feature and the first film by director Takeshi Yagi who has since retired from Tsuburaya Productions and Kaiju film as of January 2008. It unites the Shōwa heroes Ultraman Seven Jack and Ace together on screen with the Heisei heroes Tiga Dyna Gaia and Mebius.
 Hrvoje Šarinić (born 17 February 1935) is a Croatian politician.Šarinić was born in Sušak Rijeka and graduated from the University of Zagreb then-Faculty of Architecture Construction and Geodesy.Šarinić had a business career in Paris France. He is a dual citizen of both Croatia and of France as he spent 25 years in France.
 Asiab-e Yahayi (Persian: اسياب يحيي‎ also Romanized as Asīāb- Yaḥayī) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Farsangi Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cage is a 1989 American martial arts action film starring Reb Brown and Lou Ferrigno.
 Ölbach (Wapelbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Akkalasandra is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Turuvekere taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 The Savoy Hotel Moscow is a Russian historical hotel in the Moscow city center re-opened after major renovation in 2005. The symbol of the hotel is a salamander.
 Drumroll (Russian: Barabaniada) is a 1993 Russian comedy film directed by Sergei Ovcharov. It was entered into the 18th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Special Silver St. George and the Prix of Ecumenical Jury.
 Galyuu (雅流) is an album released by Miyavi on December 2 2003.
 The Valea Boții River is a tributary of the Cerna river in Romania.
 Arctomys Cave is a cave in Trio Mountain above the Moose River Valley in Mount Robson Provincial Park in the Rocky Mountains of British Columbia. Arctomys Cave has 3496 metres of surveyed passages and is currently Canada's second deepest known cave at 536 metres (1608 feet) deep.
 Rawal Lake (Urdu: جھیل راول‎) in Pakistan is an artificial reservoir that provides the water needs for the cities of Rawalpindi and Islamabad. Korang River along with some other small streams coming from Margalla Hills have been set to form this artificial lake which covers an area of 8.8 km². Korang River is the outlet stream of Rawal Dam. Rawal Lake is located within an isolated section of the Margalla Hills National Park.
 Le Petit Nicolas (English title: The Little Nicholas) is a 2009 French film directed by Laurent Tirard based on a series of children's books by René Goscinny. The film was released in France on 30 September 2009.
 Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented also known as Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Tess of the d'Urbervilles or just Tess is a novel by Thomas Hardy. It initially appeared in a censored and serialised version published by the British illustrated newspaper The Graphic in 1891. Though now considered an important work of English literature the book received mixed reviews when it first appeared in part because it challenged the sexual mores of Hardy's day.
 Anasis howitti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Anasis.
 Play Me a Love Song (Croatian: Pjevajte nešto ljubavno) is a Croatian comedy film directed by Goran Kulenovic. It was released in 2007.
 Razorback Mountain is a mountain located within British Columbia Canada. It is the highest peak of the Niut Range a subrange of the Coast Mountains. Razorback Mountain has an elevation of 3183 metres (10443 ft) and with a prominence measure of 2153 metres (7064 ft) it is the 20th most prominent peak in British Columbia.Razorback Mountain was first climbed in 1931 by Henry S. Hall and Hans Fuhrer.
 Tarphops is a genus of large-tooth flounders native to the northwest Pacific Ocean.
 The Wing River (Rapid River) is a river of Minnesota.
 Kuzmičevo is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 The Órbigo River is a river in the provinces of León and Zamora Spain. It begins at the convergence of the Luna River and the Omaña River in the town of Secarejo in the Cimanes del Tejar municipality. Decades ago that confluence was some km. defore in the town of Santiago del Molinillo. It flows from north to south through the province of León and ultimately flows into the Esla River below Benavente.How the river came to have this name is not known.
 Fonda F. Hawthorne (born 1956) is a member of the Arkansas House of Representatives. She has represented the 4th district since 2013 for the Democratic Party. She serves on the Public Transportation City County and Local Affairs and Legislative Joint Auditing committees.
 Hannah Miller House also known as the William Joseph House is a historic home located near Mossy Creek Augusta County Virginia. It was built about 1814 and is a two-story banked stone Continental bank house style dwelling. It sits on a full but not fully excavated basement and has an exterior stone chimney. The interior of the house is absolutely plain and little-altered with a single room on each floor.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Light Between Us is the third studio album by the English band Scouting for Girls. It was released in the United Kingdom on 31 August 2012. The album includes the singles Love How It Hurts and Summertime In the City.
 Upper Flood Swallet (grid reference ST50575576) which was originally known as Blackmoor Flood Swallet is a cave near Charterhouse in the carboniferous limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England. The cave is part of the Cheddar Complex SSSI.The entrance was revealed in the Great Flood of 1968 giving the cave its name. It was dug consistently since then with breakthroughs occurring in 1971 1972 1985 and 2006.At of September 2008 it is over 3.5 km in length and around 125m deep.
 Yashwantrao Balwantrao Chavan (12 March 1913 – 25 November 1984) was the first Chief Minister of Maharashtra after the division of Bombay State and the fifth Deputy Prime Minister of India. He was a strong Congress leader Co-operative leader social activist and writer. He was popularly known as Leader of Common People. He advocated social democracy in his speeches and articles and was instrumental in establishing co-operatives in Maharashtra for the betterment of the farmers.
 Karajabad (Persian: كرج اباد‎ also Romanized as Karajābād; also known as Chīzābād) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1947 in 420 families.
 Ron Huberman is a private equity manager and entrepreneur. He moved to the private sector following almost two decades in public service for the city of Chicago. He is the former chief executive officer and superintendent of Chicago Public Schools the third-largest school system in the United States. In that role he oversaw a system of 675 schools and more than 400000 students with a budget of upwards $6 billion.
 Hothouse is a 1962 award-winning fantasy/science fiction novel by British author Brian Aldiss composed of 5 novelettes that were originally serialised in a magazine. In the US an abridged version was published as The Long Afternoon of Earth; the full version was not published there until 1976. Five of the stories which make up the novel which were published separately in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction in 1961 were collectively awarded the 1962 Hugo Award for Best Short Fiction.
 The Savannah Tribune is a weekly African-American newspaper located in Savannah Georgia United States.
 Sar Barzah (Persian: سربرزه‎) is a village in Horr Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 190 in 48 families.
 Disconnected is a 2007 collaboration album between the German krautrock group Faust and Nurse with Wound .
 Glass Harp is the debut album by American rock band Glass Harp released in 1970 on Decca Records. It was produced by Lewis Merenstein and engineered by Ron Johnsen at Electric Lady Studios.
 Lake Mohave is a reservoir formed by Davis Dam on the Colorado River which defines the border between Nevada and Arizona in the United States. The lake lies at an elevation of 647 feet (197 m) near Laughlin Nevada Searchlight Nevada Cottonwood Cove Nevada and Bullhead City Arizona The Lake starts at the Hoover Dam on the Colorado River and runs to the Davis Dam.
 The Lithic Studies Society (LSS) was founded in 1979 to advance knowledge of and education and research in lithic studies. The Society's members have diverse interests spanning Palaeolithic to historic periods across many areas of the world. The Society provides a convivial forum for the exchange of ideas and information and produces. It regularly holds lectures day meetings conferences and field trips publishes an annual peer-reviewed journal (Lithics) and occasional thematic volumes.
 Cumia alfredensis common name : the narrow dwarf triton is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colubrariidae.
 Stigmella porphyreuta is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1917 and is endemic to Natal South Africa.
 Scythocentropus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 George T. Tommy Dickerson is a Democratic member of the Mississippi Senate representing the 43rd District since 2008 and previously from 1993 through 2003.
 Preludes: Rare and Unreleased Recordings is a two-CD compilation of music and interviews including unreleased outtakes and demos by singer-songwriter Warren Zevon who died in 2003.A few months after Zevon's death his son Jordan drove out to one of his father's storage spaces in the San Fernando Valley to begin the process of sorting through old recordings.
 Burn My Eye was the debut EP recorded by Sydney punk rock band Radio Birdman in October 1976. It was a low-budget EP recorded at Trafalgar Studios Sydney and released on the studio's own Trafalgar label after the band had been rejected by many other labels. Part of the reason that many labels were reluctant to sign the band was because of their unconventional sound which was quite different from the music then popular in the Australian rock scene during the 1970s.
 Dancing Under Streetlights an EP is the third and final release by The Brains. It was released in 1982.
 Sinfonía Soledad (Spanish for Solitude Symphony) is the fifth album by Mexican rock band Panda and the first to be recorded live.The album is based on a compilation of the best known songs of the band recorded on 25 and 26 November 2006 at the National Auditorium in Mexico City; tracks Nunca Nadie Nos Podrá Parar (Gracias) (which is a token of appreciation to their audience) and No Te Deseo el Mal...
 Journal of Research in Reading is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the UKLA. The journal was established in 1978. The Journal of Research in Reading publishes papers on topics such as the history and development of literacy policy and strategy for literacy and the learning teaching and use of literacy in different contexts.
 Babasaheb Anantrao Bhosale (15 January 1921 – 6 October 2007) was an Indian politician who served as Chief Minister of Maharashtra from 21 January 1982 until 1 February 1983.
 Raymond Joseph Michael O'Hurley PC (October 1 1909 – March 27 1970) was a Canadian politician.Born in St-Gilles Quebec he was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1957 for the Quebec riding of Lotbinière. A Progressive Conservative he was re-elected in 1958 and 1962. He was defeated in 1963 and 1965. From 1957 to 1958 he was the Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Mines and Technical Surveys. From 1958 to 1963 he was the Minister of Defence Production.
 The Kreeger Museum is a private museum located in Washington D.C. at the former home of David and Carmen Kreeger and first opened in 1994. The collection features 19th- and 20th-century paintings and sculptures with works by internationally known artists such as Boudin Cézanne Epstein Kandinsky Monet Moore Munch Picasso Rodin Stella and van Gogh together with works by local Washington artists such as Sam Gilliam and traditional west and central African art.
 Niedźwiedź [ˈɲɛd͡ʑvjɛt͡ɕ] (formerly German Niedewitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Łagów 17 km (11 mi) west of Świebodzin 34 km (21 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra and 58 km (36 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
 Ramu (Telugu: రాము) is a 1966 Telugu drama film produced by AVM Productions and directed by A. C. Trilogchander. The film stars NTR and Jamuna in the lead roles. The film is a remake of the 1965 Tamil film of the same name starring Gemini Ganesan K. R. Vijaya and Pushpalatha. The soundtrack of the film is very good with music score provided by R. Goverdhanam and songs rendered by Ghantasala Venkateswara Rao and P. Susheela most memorable one Raa Raa Krishnayya.
 Sonic Brew is the first album by the heavy metal band Black Label Society however unlike the albums that followed this album still possessed a distinct Southern rock overtone that up to this time had predominated Zakk Wylde's solo writing style. The album was initially released in Japan on October 28 1998. It contained 13 tracks (lacking Lost My Better Half and No More Tears); the cover art was printed on clear plastic with a separate paper booklet.
 Colonel Bogey is a 1948 fantasy film directed by Terence Fisher. It stars Jack Train and Mary Jerrold.
 Nubar (Persian: نوبر‎ also Romanized as Nūbar) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District Rud Ab District Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stefanów Ruszkowski [stɛˈfanuf ruʂˈkɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Brzeźnio 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 62 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Darklords is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1991.
 E. Purushothaman was an Indian civil servant and administrator. He was the administrator of Mahe from January 9 1970 to August 8 1972.
 James Angus MacKinnon PC (October 4 1881 – April 18 1958) was a Canadian politician.Born in Port Elgin Ontario he was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons representing the riding of Edmonton West in the 1935 federal election. A Liberal he was re-elected in 1940 and 1945.
 Lucas Demetrios Papademos (Greek: Λουκάς Παπαδήμος; born 11 October 1947) is a Greek economist who was the Prime Minister of Greece from 2011 to 2012 leading a provisional government in the wake of the Greek debt crisis.He was previously the Governor of the Bank of Greece from 1994 to 2002 before leaving to become Vice President of the European Central Bank from 2002 to 2010.
 Bellamy-Ferriday House and Garden (also known as the Joseph Bellamy House) is a historic house on Main Street North and West Street in Bethlehem Connecticut. It was built in 1760 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.The building was constructed as a farmhouse in about 1754 by the Rev. Joseph Bellamy a prominent Congregationalist minister. Later Henry Ferriday bought the property; his daughter Carolyn Woolsey Ferriday owned it until her death in 1990.
 Rochester Castle stands on the east bank of the River Medway in Rochester Kent South East England. The 12th-century keep or stone tower which is the castle's most prominent feature is one of the best preserved in England or France. Located along the River Medway and Watling Street Rochester was a strategically important royal castle. During the late medieval period it helped protect England's south-east coast from invasion.
 Prionomelia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Aníbal Vega Borges is a Puerto Rican politician and current mayor of Toa Baja. He also served as a member of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives from 1993 to 2005.Vega Borges was elected as a representative for District 10 at the 1992 general elections. He was reelected in 1996 and 2000.Vega Borges was elected as mayor of Toa Baja at the 2004 general elections. He was reelected in 2008 receiving more than 70% of the votes. He was the mayor with the largest margin of victory.
 Nachan Main Audhay Naal (Punjabi: نچاں میں اودے نال) is sixth and to date the latest pop music album Pakistani singer Abrar-ul-Haq. It was released on June 1 2004.
 Deborah Newcomb is a Democratic politician who most recently served in the Ohio House of Representatives from 2008 to 2010. A representative for one and one half terms Newcomb lost reelection in 2010 to Casey Kozlowski by 42 votes.
 Barefoot to Herat (Persian: پابرهنه تا هرات ‎ Pa Berahneh ta Herat) is a 2002 Iranian film by Majid Majidi. It is a documentary about the plight of Afghani refugees just after the 2001 military offensive against the Taliban.
 The Hotel Thomas also known as Sunkist Villa but currently known as the Thomas Center is an historic building in Gainesville Florida United States. It is located on the block bounded by Northeast 2nd and 5th Streets and Northeast 6th and 7th Avenues.
 First Evangelical Reformed Church (Swiss Colony Church) is a historic church at KY 80 in Bernstadt Kentucky.It was built in 1884 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Andries Thomas Van Buskirk House is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1725 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 Dus (Hindi: दस translation: Ten) is a 2005 Bollywood action spy thriller film directed by Anubhav Sinha and produced by Nitin Manmohan. It stars Sanjay Dutt Sunil Shetty Abhishek Bachchan Shilpa Shetty Zayed Khan and Esha Deol in lead roles.The film is a tribute to celebrated director Mukul S. Anand who had died while filming the 1997 incomplete film of the same name and which had also starred Sanjay Dutt in the lead role.
 Shankar Dayal Sharma About this sound pronunciation (19 August 1918 – 26 December 1999) was the ninth President of India serving from 1992 to 1997. Prior to his presidency Sharma had been the eighth Vice President of India serving under R. Venkataraman. He was also Chief Minister (1952–1956) of Madhya Pradesh and Cabinet Minister (1956–1967) holding the portfolios of Education Law Public Works Industry and Commerce National Resources and Separate Revenue.
 Scoparia contexta is a moth of the Crambidae family. It was described by Philpott in 1931. It is found in New Zealand.
 The Sexuality of Bereavement is an EP by death/doom metal band My Dying Bride. This EP was only available to the Peaceville Collectors Club Series members. The Collectors Club was eventually disbanded because it had too few members. After this point the band discontinued production of EPs up until 2006.The Sexuality of Bereavement was originally recorded for the Turn Loose the Swans but was not included in the final track listing.
 The Baciu River is a tributary of the Gârbăul Mare River in Romania.
 Phonology is a British peer-reviewed journal of phonology published by Cambridge University Press the only journal devoted exclusively to this subfield of linguistics. The current editors are Prof. Colin J. Ewen (Leiden University) and Prof. Ellen Kaisse (University of Washington).
 Wigstock: The Movie is a 1995 documentary film focusing on Wigstock the annual drag music festival that had been held New York City's East Village through the 1980s and 1990s. The film presents a number of performances from the 1994 festival including Crystal Waters Deee-Lite Jackie Beat Debbie Harry Leigh Bowery Joey Arias and the Dueling Bankheads.
 The Heartbreak Kid is a 1993 Australian film starring Claudia Karvan and Alex Dimitriades which was based on a play of the same name by Richard Barrett and first performed by Griffin Theatre Company. It was later spun off into the television series Heartbreak High.
 Engelbertus Pieter (Bert) de Jong (born 5 August 1945) is a Dutch politician he was a member of the Dutch Senate from 8 June 1999 until 15 July 2000 for the Christian Democratic Appeal.De Jong studied Dutch law at Utrecht University between 1963 and 1969. He earned his promotion at the same university in 1975. Since 1979 he has been a professor of social law at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam.
 Shadows on the Sage is a 1942 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by Lester Orlebeck.
 The Moon and Sixpence is a 1942 film adaptation of W. Somerset Maugham's novel of the same name. Dimitri Tiomkin was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Music Scoring of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture.
 The Cars That Ate Paris is a 1974 Australian horror comedy film. Directed by Peter Weir it was his first feature film. Shot mostly in the rural town of Sofala New South Wales the film is set in the fictional town of Paris in which most of the inhabitants appear to be directly or indirectly involved in profiting from the results of car accidents.
 El Abuelo (English language: The Grandfather) is a 1954 Argentine family drama film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and written by Emilio Villalba Welsh. It was based on the novel by Benito Pérez Galdós. Starring Enrique Muiño and Mecha Ortiz.
 Latirus flavidus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Subrata Bose (born 25 February 1932) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Barasat constituency of West Bengal and is a member of the All India Forward Bloc political party.
 Sie nannten ihn Amigo is an East German film. It was released in 1959.
 Masarkal (Kannada: ಮಸರಕಲ್ ) is a village in the Devadurga taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Masarkal is located southeast to Devadurga town. Masarkal lies on road connecting Kalmala and Devadurga. Great saint Muktayakka lived in Masarkal in 12th century.
 The Saint of Gamblers (賭聖２之街頭賭聖) is a 1995 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Jing. It is a spin-off of the All for the Winner series with only Ng Man Tat reprising his role.
 The Devil Has Seven Faces (Italian: Il diavolo a sette facce also known as The Devil with Seven Faces) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Osvaldo Civirani.
 James Jim Riesberg (born April 4 1942) is the Commissioner of Insurance for the Colorado Division of Insurance. He was appointed to the position by Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper on June 27 2011 and joined the Division on July 1 2011. He was confirmed by the Colorado State Senate on May 7 2012.
 The Barcheș River or Barheș River is a tributary of the Caraş River in Romania.
 Melinda R. Katz (born August 19 1965) is a New York politician who is currently the Queens Borough President. Katz was a New York City Councilwoman from 2002 to 2009. She left politics in 2009 to work at Greenberg Traurig a law firm where she specializes in government affairs and land use. In 2012 she announced her return to politics with a run for Queens Borough President in 2013. She had previously run for City Comptroller in 2009.
 Saint-Étienne-du-Mont is a church in Paris France located on the Montagne Sainte-Geneviève in the Ve arrondissement near the Panthéon. It contains the shrine of St. Geneviève the patron saint of Paris.The church also contains the tombs of Blaise Pascal and Jean Racine. Jean-Paul Marat is buried in the church's cemetery.The sculpted tympanum the The Stoning of Saint Stephen is the work of French sculptor Gabriel-Jules Thomas.
 Gastrodiscoides hominis is a zoonotic helminth parasite belonging to a class of flatworms Trematoda. This is the only species in the genus Gastrodiscoides.It is primarily an intestinal fluke of pig but also infect other vertebrates including human. In fact the first specimen was described from human subject in 1976 and constitute an important parasite of human in Bangladesh India Burma China Kazakhstan Philippines Thailand Vietnam and Volga Delta in Russia.
 Selden Palmer Spencer (September 16 1862 – May 16 1925) was an American lawyer and politician. A Republican he served as a United States Senator from Missouri.
 The Imja Khola (Nepali: इम्जा खोला) is a tributary of the Dudh Kosi in Nepal. It drains the slopes of Mount Everest.The Khumbu Glacier melts into the Lobujya (Lobuche) River which flows southward as the Imja Khola to its confluence with the Dudh Kosi at Tengboche.The Imja Khola collects water from the Imja Glacier through the Dingboche Valley.
 The Cauchie house (French: Maison Cauchie Dutch: Cauchiehuis) was built in 1905 by Art Nouveau architect painter and designer Paul Cauchie in Etterbeek Brussels next of the Cinquantenaire. Its façade is remarkable for its allegorical sgraffiti.
 Tom Swift and His Giant Cannon or The Longest Shots on Record is Volume 16 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 Northern February red (Brachyptera putata) is a species of stonefly in the family Taeniopterygidae.
 Nikodem Dyzma is a 1956 Polish comedy film directed by Jan Rybkowski. It is based on the 1932 novel Kariera Nikodema Dyzmy by Tadeusz Dołęga-Mostowicz.
 Absolute Classic Masterpieces is the third compilation album by English alternative rock band Felt released in 1992. It collects tracks from the band's singles and albums recorded for Cherry Red between 1981 and 1985 with two exceptions: Dance of Deliverance from guitarist Maurice Deebank's album Inner Thought Zone; and Index a single recorded and released by leader Lawrence before the band formed properly.
 Hillebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 A Glint at the Kindling is a folk album released in 1979 by Robin Williamson and his Merry Band.The 2005 CD re-release by Gott Discs includes 5 bonus poetry tracks: Five Bardic Mysteries.
 Prandegg Castle is a ruined hill castle in Austria near the village of Schönau im Mühlkreis in the Freistadt District (which lies in the Mühlviertel area of Upper Austria).
 Thurstonfield Lough (lough pronounced as loff) is the largest species-rich area of open water in the lowlands of north and east Cumbria England.[citation needed] Within this area it supports some of the best examples of a range of vegetation types: from the submerged aquatics through an extensive fringing marsh to good wet sallow and alder woodland. The Lough lies in the Solway Plain of north Cumbria 5 km west of the City of Carlisle.
 Partly Cloudy is a Pixar CGI animated short film written and directed by Peter Sohn and produced by Kevin Reher. It was shown in theaters before Pixar's feature film Up and is a special feature on its DVD and Blu-ray release. It was included in the Animation Show of Shows in 2009.In a CGSociety article Sohn says his idea for the film came from watching Dumbo as a child: in the movie a stork delivers Dumbo leading a young Sohn to wonder where the birds got their babies from.
 Archives of Computational Methods in Engineering is a scholarly journal that provides a forum for spreading results of research and advanced industrial practice in computational engineering with particular emphasis on mechanics and its related areas. It publishes reviews presenting developments in computational engineering.
 Venusia laria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China and Japan.The wingspan is 17–21 mm.
 Nybelinella is a genus of blind cusk eels.
 The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a 16-acre (6.5 ha) historic district in Nevada City within the U.S. state of California. Located in Nevada County it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It dates from 1917 with examples of Moderne and Italianate architecture. The period of significance is 1856-1917. The historic district covers the downtown section roughly bounded by Spring Bridge Commercial York Washington Coyote and Main Streets.
 HM Prison Haverigg is a Category C men's prison located in village of Haverigg (near Millom) in Cumbria England. Haverigg Prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is part of the HMP North Lancashire and Cumbria Estate (along with HMP Lancaster Castle and HMP Lancaster Farms).
 Live at Austin City Limits Festival by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison is a limited edition live album recorded from the Austin City Limits Festival concert at which he was the first night headliner on September 15 2006.
 So Cool is the debut album by Korean girl group Sistar. The album was released on August 9 2011. The song with the same title was used as the promotional song. The album contains 12 songs 5 new songs and a special version of the song Ma Boy released by the sub-unit Sistar19. The album was also released worldwide through iTunes.
 Atkins Peak el. 10928 feet (3331 m)is a mountain peak in the eastern section of the Absaroka Range in Yellowstone National Park.
 Aliqtisadi is an Arabic-language business news portal that covers several countries including the UAE Saudi Arabia Egypt Lebanon Palestine and United Kingdom. It is published by Haykal Media based in twofour54 Abu Dhabi UAE.
 Indian Creek is a tributary of the New River flowing through the state of West Virginia in the United States.
 Bound and Gagged (1919) is a silent film serial produced by George B. Seitz Productions and distributed by Pathé. It was a spoof of the cliched melodramatic serials of the era. It was shot in Fort Lee New Jersey when many early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based there at the beginning of the 20th century.Four episodes survive in the Library of Congress film archive.
 The Battle of Chile is a documentary film directed by the Chilean Patricio Guzman in 3 parts: The Insurrection of the Bourgeoisie (1975) The Coup d'état (1976) Popular Power (1979). It is a chronicle of the political tension in Chile in 1973 and of the violent counter revolution against the democratically elected government of Salvador Allende. It won the Grand Prix in 1975 and 1976 at the Grenoble International Film Festival.
 Marynin [maˈrɨnin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Heterobranchia the heterobranchs (meaning different-gilled snails) is a taxonomic clade of snails and slugs which includes marine aquatic and terrestrial gastropod mollusks.Heterobranchia is one of the main clades of gastropods. Currently Heterobranchia comprises three informal groups: the Lower Heterobranchia the Opisthobranchia and the Pulmonata also known as the lower heterobranchs the opisthobranchs and the pulmonates.
 Yves Cochet is a French politician member of Europe Écologie–The Greens. He was minister in the government of Lionel Jospin. On December 6 2011 he was elected member of the European Parliament.He wrote Apocalypse pétrole which was published in 2005.
 The Ugly is a 1997 New Zealand horror film the first feature directed and written by Scott Reynolds. The film starred Paolo Rotondo Rebecca Hobbs Jennifer Ward-Lealand and Roy Ward. The film is about a psychiatrist that is meeting with a serial killer to determine whether or not he has been successfully cured. They delve into a journey through his past and his victims and through this The Ugly a distorted allusion to the The Ugly Duckling is revealed.
 Cuando en el cielo pasen lista is a 1945 Argentine film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque.
 The Navarre-Anderson Trading Post is a former trading post complex located at 3775 North Custer Road in Frenchtown Charter Township along the River Raisin in Monroe County Michigan. It was listed as a Michigan Historic Site on June 16 1972 and also listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 31 1972.The main building on the complex dates back to 1789 making it the oldest surviving wooden residential building in the state.
 Norm Johnson (born 1941) is an American politician of the Republican Party. He is a member of the Washington House of Representatives representing the 14th district.
 Kaboom: A Soldier's War Journal was a popular military blog from November 2007 to June 2008 before it was shut down by the writer's military chain-of-command. The author of the online journal who went by the pseudonym of LT G wrote about the front-line experiences in the Iraq War as a United States Army soldier. A scout platoon leader LT G often incorporated the trials and tribulations of his platoon in his writings offering a brash and brutally honest perspective of modern warfare.
 Harbinger of Metal is a 74-minute EP by Finnish doom metal band Reverend Bizarre that was released in 2003. It was released on double vinyl in 2009 by Svart Records.
 Azygophleps equatorialis is a moth in the Cossidae family. It is found in Congo.
 Popraykovtsi is a village in the municipality of Tryavna in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Mohave County Hospital is between Grand View and First Street on Beale Street Kingman AZ. The hospital was built in 1921-22 with Wings in 1940's and 1962. The hospital was built in the style of Mission/Spanish Revival. Santa Fe Railway Engineering Department designed the building and J. B. Lammers of Flagstaff was the contractor. Mohave County General Hospital was the main hospital in Mohave County until the 1970s.
 Calophasidia dichroa is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to the Northern Territory Queensland and Western Australia.
 Berisu (Persian: بريسو‎ also Romanized as Berīsū) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 367 in 61 families.
 Gangiwal is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 James Weimer House is a historic home located at St. Albans Kanawha County West Virginia. It was built in 1917 and is a 2 1/2-story brick dwelling with Classical Revival and Colonial Revival style detailing. It has a gambrel roof with original red clay tiles and dormers. It features a one story porch running the width of the house and continuing a short distance along the side.
 Polysoma aenicta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Zimbabwe.The larvae feed on Albizzia gummifera species. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a moderate irregular transparent blotch mine.
 Natalia Yuriivna Korolevska (Ukrainian: Наталія Юріївна Королевська) (born 18 May 1975 in Krasnyi Luch) is a Ukrainian politician and ex-Minister of Social Policy of Ukraine. Since 23 December 2011 she has been the party-leader of the Ukrainian Social Democratic Party. On 22 March 2012 the Ukrainian Social Democratic Party was renamed Party of Natalia Korolevska Ukraine – Forward!.
 Draycott Hotel is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England.
 Dahakalikasthan is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1999 living in 362 individual households.
 Alone Together is an studio album by American composer/arranger/pianist Clare Fischer recorded in October 1975 and released in 1977 on the German label MPS and in the US by Discovery Records in 1980 (catalogue number DS 820).
 Yarabad (Persian: يارآباد‎ also Romanized as Yārābād; also known as Pārābād and Yaryiabad (Persian: ياري آباد) also Romanized as Yāryīābād) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 16 families.
 Kani Chay (Persian: كاني چاي‎ also Romanized as Kānī Chāy; also known as Kānī Chā’ī) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District Serishabad District Qorveh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 26 families.
 The Revolution is the debut studio album by Canadian rapper Belly which was released on June 5 2007 in Canada on Capital Prophets Records Inc.. The album became a commercial success a month after its release when it was certified gold by the CRIA for shipping over 50000 copies. The lead single Pressure won Best MuchVibe video at the 2007 MuchMusic Video Awards and also peaked at #10 on the Canadian Singles Chart. Also the album won the Rap Recording of the Year at the 2008 Juno Awards.
 The Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue of Montreal also known as Shearith Israel is a Montreal synagogue located on St. Kevin Street in Snowdon which is the oldest Jewish congregation in Canada. The Congregation traces its history back to 1760 and was formally established in 1768.
 The Jorat is the area of the Canton of Vaud (Switzerland) located between the Gros-de-Vaud West and the Broye East.
 Peri-Banu is a crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Peri-Banu was first discovered in Voyager 2 images but was seen at much higher resolution though near the terminator by Cassini. It is located at 62° North Latitude 322.9° West Longitude and is 18 kilometers across. The western portion of the crater is largely absent either buried or disrupted by the eastern margin of Samarkand Sulci.
 Umieszcz [ˈumjɛʂt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Tarnowiec 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Jasło and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Aido: Slave of Love is a 1969 Japanese film directed by Susumu Hani. It was entered into the 19th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Buick Men is the debut studio album by the American rock band Hagfish released in 1993 on Dragon Street Records. Eight of the albums tracks would later be re-recorded for the follow-up Rocks Your Lame Ass. The album is currently out of print.
 Chrysochlorosia superba is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Serious Hits... Live! is the name of Phil Collins' 1990 live album with a CD as well as the DVD video recording of that concert. The songs on the CD version are taken from various concerts during the Serious Hits! tour though it sounds as if the CD was recorded over one entire concert. It was recorded during the Seriously Live! World Tour. At the Brit Awards in 1992 the album brought Collins a nomination for British Male Artist.
 JW Marriott International Finance Centre is a supertall skyscraper with 102 floors and with a roof height of 431 m (1414 ft) planned for Chongqing China. The design has gone through several versions requiring the demolition of the base for a previous version of the project.
 Saidu Muhammed Dansadau (born 20 June 1953) was elected Senator for the Zamfara Central constituency of Zamfara State Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic running on the All People's Party (APP) platform. He took office on 29 May 1999.He was reelected in April 2003 on the All Nigeria People's Party platform for another four years.
 The Torrington Fire Department Headquarters is located in Torrington Connecticut. The firehouse was built in 1901 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 31 1987.
 Jumbee and Other Uncanny Tales is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Henry S. Whitehead. It was released in 1944 and was his first book published by Arkham House. 1559 copies were printed. The introduction is by Whitehead's fellow Floridian Robert H. Barlow. The stories for this volume were taken chiefly from the magazines Weird Tales and Adventure.
 Beautiful Vision is the thirteenth studio album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison. It was released February 1982 (see 1982 in music) by Warner Bros. Records in the US and Mercury Records in the UK. As with many of Morrison's recordings spirituality is a major theme and some of the songs are based on the teachings of Alice Bailey.
 Pussalagolla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Monogram Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Monogram Lake can be reached by trail from Snoqualmie National Forest. The distance from the trailhead to the lake is 5 mi (8.0 km) one way and is considered strenuous since it requires an altitude gain of 4040 ft (1230 m).
 William Bill James Beck Sr. is Republican member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to House District 6 which represents the Whitefish area. He has served in that capacity since 2007.
 Taco Mayo Restaurant is a Mexican-American fast food chain based in Oklahoma City Oklahoma.The chain originated in Norman Oklahoma in May of 1978. By 1980 Taco Mayo had expanded into franchising by establishing three stores in the Oklahoma City metropolitan area. Over the years Taco Mayo has expanded from a single store in Norman Oklahoma into a regional operation with franchise locations throughout Oklahoma northern Texas southern Kansas and western Arkansas.
 The Ștevioara River is a tributary of the Valea de Peşti river in Romania.
 Bound in Morocco was a 1918 American silent action comedy/romance film starring Douglas Fairbanks. Fairbanks produced and wrote the film's story and screenplay (under the pseudonym Elton Thomas) with Allan Dwan directing. The film was produced by Douglas Fairbanks Pictures Corporation and distributed by Famous Players-Lasky/Artcraft Pictures. It is now considered a lost film.
 Vaccine: The Controversial Story of Medicine's Greatest Lifesaver is a 2007 book by freelance writer Arthur Allen. The book describes the history of vaccination beginning in 1796 when it was discovered by Edward Jenner and including mandatory vaccination policies during World War II in the United States military. It ends on a discussion of the vaccine-autism controversy.
 Chlorolestes elegans is a species of damselfly in family Synlestidae. It is found in Botswana Malawi Mozambique South Africa and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Prime Cut is a 1972 American film produced by Joe Wizan and directed by Michael Ritchie with a screenplay written by Robert Dillon. The movie stars Lee Marvin as a mob enforcer from Chicago sent to Kansas to collect a debt from a meatpacker boss played by Gene Hackman. Sissy Spacek appears in her first credited on-screen role as a young orphan sold into prostitution.
 The Leftwich House is a historic house in Greenville Ohio United States. Built in 1875 the house features a combination of the Italianate and Stick-Eastlake styles.
 Shirley Thompson vs. the Aliens is a 1972 film directed by Jim Sharman. It is the first feature-length film from Sharman who subsequently directed The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
 L-O-V-E is a 1965 album by Nat King Cole arranged by Ralph Carmichael.
 Triplophysa fuxianensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.
 Tajabad (Persian: تاج اباد‎ also Romanized as Tājābād) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 275 in 63 families.
 Henüzçakırı is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 The Ogle County Courthouse is a National Register of Historic Places listing in the Ogle County Illinois county seat of Oregon. The building stands on a public square in the city's downtown commercial district. The current structure was completed in 1891 and was preceded by two other buildings one of which was destroyed by a group of outlaws. Following the destruction of the courthouse the county was without a judicial building for a period during the 1840s.
 Sadiq Abdulkarim Abdulrahman is a Libyan physician and politician who has been first deputy prime minister since 14 November 2012.
 Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Matthew Nathan GCMG PC (3 January 1862 – 18 April 1939) was a British soldier and civil servant who variously served as the Governor of Sierra Leone Gold Coast Hong Kong Natal and Queensland. He was Under-Secretary for Ireland from 1914 to 1916 and was responsible with the Chief Secretary Augustine Birrell for co-ordinating the British response to the Easter Rising in Ireland.
 WWF Full Metal: The Album is an album released by the World Wrestling Federation in 1996. It featured mostly recent theme tunes of wrestlers on the roster at the time. It is considered to be Volume 1 of the WWE: The Music series.
 Cyclobatis is an extinct genus of stingray-like skate from the Upper Cretaceous of what is now Lebanon. The genus is typified by a circular form hence the prefix Cyclo- meaning wheel-like and the presence of an extremely short tail.
 Descender is the debut solo album by American singer/songwriter Andrew Wyatt of the indie dance trio Miike Snow. In a departure from his work with his main project and work as a producer Wyatt recorded the album in Prague backed by a 75-piece orchestra with guest appearances by The Libertines' Anthony Rossomando Interpol's former touring bassist Brad Truax and Tortoise's John Herndon.
 The Old Dearborn Bank Building is a historic building in the Loop community area of Chicago Illinois. It is one of only two Rapp and Rapp buildings designed as an office building. The building was designated a Chicago Landmark on June 4 2003.In 2011 Virgin Hotels part of Virgin Group purchased the building with the aim of opening it as their first hotel in 2013.
 The Balao halfbeak Hemiramphus balao (occasionally shortened to Balao) is an ocean-going species of fish in the family Hemiramphidae. It was first described by the French naturalist Charles Alexandre Lesueur in 1821.
 Pringi is a village in Viimsi Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located about 10 km (6 mi) northeast of the centre of Tallinn situated just northwest of the settlement Haabneeme on the coast of Tallinn Bay. Pringi has a population of 951 (as of 1 January 2011).
 Not to be confused with: Nariman Narimanov.Nariman bey Hashim oglu Narimanbeyov (Azerbaijani: Nəriman bəy Nərimanbəyov Həşim oğlu; 1889–1937) also known as Nariman bey Narimanbeyli (Azerbaijani: Nəriman bəy Nərimanbəyli) was an Azerbaijani lawyer and statesman who served as State Controller in the fourth cabinet of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic and was member of Parliament of Azerbaijan.
 Asadabad (Persian: اسداباد‎ also Romanized as Asadābād) is a village in Galehzan Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 57 families.
 A Strange Place to Meet (French: Drôle d'endroit pour une rencontre) is a 1988 French film directed by François Dupeyron and starring Catherine Deneuve and Gérard Depardieu.
 The Blackbyrds is the debut album by the American rhythm and blues and jazz-funk fusion group The Blackbyrds. Produced by Larry Mizell and Donald Byrd with production supervision by Orrin Keepnews.
 Apithecia viridata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India Bhutan China and Taiwan.
 Shakashik is an impact crater on the anti-Saturn hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Shakashik was first observed in Cassini images during that mission's March 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is located at 17.3° South Latitude 180.8° West Longitude and is 8.5 kilometers across. Behram appears to have formed after Shakashik based on the superposition of the larger crater's southern rim on Shakashik's northern rim.
 Criss Cross is a novel by Lynne Rae Perkins that won the 2006 Newbery Medal for excellence in children's literature. It followed the character Debbie from her previous novel All Alone in the Universe but introduced several new characters primarily her neighborhood friends Hector Lenny and Phil.
 Rajali is a 1996 Tamil language film directed by Velu Prabhakaran and written by R. K. Selvamani. The film features Ramki and Roja in lead roles whilst Silk Smitha Napoleon and Disco Shanti play supporting roles.
 Happy Face Killer is a 2014 Canadian-American television film inspired by real-life events of the hunt and capture of serial killer Keith Hunter Jesperson. The film premiered on March 1 2014 on the Lifetime network and starred David Arquette as Jesperson. Gloria Reuben played Melinda Gand the lead FBI case investigator.
 Keep It Pimp & Gangsta is the third album released by rap group Dirty. It was released on February 25 2003 through Universal Records and was produced by member Big Pimp and Mannie Fresh. Keep It Pimp & Gangsta is thus far Dirty's most successful album chart-wise peakin at #63 on the Billboard 200 and #13 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and was the duo's last album distributed by Universal as they would later join the famed Southern hip hop label Rap-a-Lot Records.
 Kaczkowizna [kat͡ʂkɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Żychlin 26 km (16 mi) east of Kutno and 56 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Jiul de Est River (previously also known as Jiul Unguresc River) is a headwater of the Jiu River in Romania.
 For the Touched by an Angel episode see List of Touched by an Angel episodesThe Feather is a 1929 British romantic drama film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott based on the 1927 novel of the same name by Charlotte Mary Matheson and starring Jameson Thomas Véra Flory Randle Ayrton and Mary Clare. It was made as a silent film with added sound effects and music. It was made by the independent producer Julius Hagen at Elstree Studios.
 Aghuzchal (Persian: اغوزچال‎ also Romanized as Āghūzchāl) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 Grenzbach (Darmühlenbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Idols of Clay is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Mae Murray and David Powell. A copy of the film survives in the Gosfilmofond Archive in Moscow.
 Stari Trg pri Ložu (Slovene: Stari trg pri Ložu) is a settlement and the administrative centre of the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint George and belongs to the Ljubljana Archdiocese. The parish was created in the second half of the 12th century and the church was first mentioned in written documents dating to 1221. The original church was rebuilt and expanded on a number of occasions.
 K. A. Sengottaiyan is an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu from Gobichettipalayam constituency.
 The Summoning is a novel by Kelley Armstrong and is the first book in the Darkest Powers series. It was released on July 1 2008.
 The Prihodiștea River is a tributary of the Larga River in Romania.
 Corsican Red Deer (Cervus elaphus corsicanus Erxleben 1777) also known simply as Corsican or Sardinian Deer is a subspecies of the Red Deer (Cervus elaphus) endemic to the Mediterranean islands of Sardinia Italy and Corsica France.
 Le Huitième Art et la Manière English: The Eighth Art and Way is a French comedy film from 1952 directed by Maurice Regamey written by Armand Jammot starring Christian Alers and Louis de Funès.
 Gilbane's Service Center Building is an historic site at 175-191 Pawtucket Avenue in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The site was built in 1931 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 The Ocoi River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Tête à Pierre Grept is a mountain in the Bernese Alps located between the cantons of Vaud and Valais. It is situated in the region between the Grand Muveran and Pas de Cheville. On the northern side lies the small Glacier de Paneirosse.
 Iglesia de Santa María (Cerredo) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 Caged Desires is a 1970 film.
 The Dinidoridae are a small family of insects comprising about a hundred species in sixteen genera in the Hemipteran suborder Heteroptera the true bugs. As a group the family does not have any common name. Until the late 19th century they were generally regarded as a subfamily of the Pentatomidae.
 Eğirdir (Turkish: Eğirdir Gölü formerly Eğridir) is the name of a lake and of the town situated on the shore of that lake (Eğirdir) in Turkey. The lake lies in the Turkish Lakes Region and is 186 kilometers (116 mi) north of Antalya. With an area of 482 square kilometres (186 sq mi) it is the fourth largest (second largest freshwater) lake in Turkey.
 Horstmann Peak at 10475 feet (3193 m) above sea level is the 11th highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. The peak is located 1.85 mi (2.98 km) south-southeast of Mickey's Spire its line parent. It is also 2.0 mi (3.2 km) south of Thompson Peak and 1.35 mi (2.17 km) north of Braxon Peak.
 Carol Spackman Moss is a Democratic member of the Utah State House representing the state's 37th house district in Holladay since 2000. She served as the Assistant Minority Whip in the Utah House from 2004 to 2010.
 Son Excellence Eugène Rougon is the sixth novel in the Rougon-Macquart series by Émile Zola. It was serialized in 1876 in Le Siècle before being published in novel form by Charpentier. It was translated into English by Mary Neal Sherwood (as Clorinda) in 1880 by Kenward Philp (as The Mysteries of Louis Napoleon's Court) in 1884 by Ernest A. Vizetelly in 1897 (reprinted 2006) and by Alec Brown in 1958. The novel is set in the highest echelons of Second Empire government.
 Shyne is the self-titled debut album by rapper Shyne with Sean P. Diddy Combs' Bad Boy Records and was released on September 26 2000. Shyne had been hyped prior to the album's release as similar in style and delivery to the deceased Notorious B.I.G.. Shyne had also drawn unfavorable media attention for being convicted in June 2000 for his involvement in a nightclub shooting; Shyne was incarcerated at the time of this album's release. The album peaked #5 on the Billboard Top 200.
 Hollywood on Parade (1932 - 1934) is a series of short subjects released by Paramount Pictures.
 Magico is an album by bassist Charlie Haden saxophonist Jan Garbarek and guitarist Egberto Gismonti recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label.
 Comstock Hall is a building of Cornell University. It was built in 1911 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It was designed by Green & Wicks.The old Comstock Hall was built by New York State or the Entomology Department but in the 1980s it was sold to Cornell so that mainframe computers could be relocated from Langmuir Laboratory.
 Małoszyce [mawɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowie within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Sadowie 6 km (4 mi) north of Opatów and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 90.
 Decision Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research about decision making within the boundaries of an organization as well as decisions involving inter-firm coordination. According to the 2010 Journal Citation Reports Decision Sciences is ranked 40th out of 140 journals in the category Management. Decision Sciences is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Decision Sciences Institute. The editor-in-chief is Asoo J.
 HE Kinza Godfrey Clodumar (born February 8 1945) is a political figure from Nauru who was President of Nauru from 1997 to 1998.
 Belianske Tatras (Slovak: Belianske Tatry) is a mountain range in the Eastern Tatras in North Central Slovakia. Eastern Tatras are part of the Tatra Mountains which are part of the Inner Western Carpathians. The highest point is Havran at 2151.5 m (7059 ft). Like most of the area the peak is not accessible for tourists to protect the rare animals and plants. The first inhabitants were shepherds in the 14th century.
 Friday the 13th Part VII: The New Blood is the seventh installment in the original Friday the 13th series released in 1988. It also marked the first appearance of Kane Hodder in the role of Jason Voorhees a role which he repeated three more until the infamous Jason X. It follows Friday the 13th Part VI: Jason Lives and precedes Friday the 13th Part VIII: Jason Takes Manhattan.
 Hatun Ñañu Punta (Quechua hatun (in Bolivia always jatun) big ñañu thin (cylindrical objects) slim Ancash Quechua punta first before in front of Spanish punta tip point hispanicized spellings Jatunñano Punta Jatunñaño Punta) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5812 metres (19068 ft) high. It is situated in the Cusco Region Canchis Province Pitumarca District and in the Quispicanchi Province Marcapata District.
 Łazy [ˈwazɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kampinos 28 km (17 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat) and 42 km (26 mi) west of Warsaw.
 The Sitter is a 1991 made-for-television movie starring Kim Myers as Nell an unstable baby-sitter who lives in the reality of romance novels. This TV movie is a remake of the 1952 Marilyn Monroe movie Don't Bother to Knock.
 The Writer's Chronicle is a journal published 6 times each year. It is the flagship publication of the Association of Writers & Writing Programs. The Writer's Chronicle presents essays articles news & information designed to enlighten inform & entertain writers editors students & teachers of writing. The publication follows an academic print schedule and there are six issues each year: September October/November December February March/April and May/Summer.
 Beltaine is the fourth album by goth rock band Inkubus Sukkubus originally released independently in 1990. It was released again in 1996 on the Resurrection label and again in 2003 on the Russian label CD-Maximum. It is named after the Celtic festival Beltane.
 The Confessional (French: Le Confessionnal) is a 1995 mystery / drama film directed by Robert Lepage.The film is set in Quebec City in two distinct time periods. In the present day Pierre Lamontagne (Lothaire Bluteau) searches for his brother Marc (Pierre Goyette) to help unravel a family mystery.
 Sarmast (Persian: سرمست‎) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1269 in 245 families.
 The Fireman's Insurance Company was an insurance company founded in 1855 in Newark New Jersey that built two buildings downtown to house its offices.The Home Office Building is located adjacent to Military Park at 10 Park Place in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1928 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 17 1982.The building was designed by Jay H. and Wilson C. Ely and built for the Fireman's Insurance Company.
 Glee: The Music The Christmas Album Volume 3 is the fourteenth album by the Glee cast. It features six songs from the fourth season and four bonus songs. It was released on December 11 2012.
 Mr. Monk Is Open For Business is the eighteenth novel based on the television series Monk. It will be published on June 3 2014. Like the other novels the story is narrated by Natalie Teeger Monk's assistant. It is the third novel in the series to be written by Hy Conrad.
 Bactericera is a psyllid bug genus in the family Triozidae.
 Jedi Twilight is the first book in Michael Reaves' series Coruscant Nights set in the Dark Times.
 Stephensia unipunctella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Spain.
 The São Sepe River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Waiting for the Barbarians is a novel by the South African-born Nobel laureate J. M. Coetzee. First published in 1980 it was chosen by Penguin for its series Great Books of the 20th Century and won both the James Tait Black Memorial Prize and Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize for fiction.
 Black Magic is an album by Swollen Members a Canadian hip hop group. It is their fourth full length release not including Monsters In The Closet their B-sides compilation. This album features guest vocals including former group member Moka Only on two tracks. The album peaked at number 21 on the Billboard Independent Albums chart.
 International Perspectives in Psychology: Research Practice Consultation is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Division 52 of the American Psychological Association. It was established in 2011 and covers research in the psychology of human behavior and experiences around the globe. The current editor-in-chief is Judith L. Gibbons of Saint Louis University.
 Arthur Wellington Woodworth also known as the Honorable Arthur Woodworth (b. May 7 1823) was the founder and President of the First National Bank of Enosburgh a Vermont State Senator and Representative and member of the Woodworth political family.
 Meredydd John Hughes CBE QPM is a retired British police officer. He served as Chief Constable of South Yorkshire Police from 1 September 2004 to 2011.Hughes started his career at South Wales Constabulary in 1979 and was transferred to West Yorkshire Police in 1995 to a position of Superintendent. He was promoted in 1999 to the rank of Assistant Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police.
 Roy Padilla Sr. (Original name is Casimiro Padilla Sr.) was a Governor of the Philippines province of Camarines Norte. A member of Corazon Aquino's People Power ticket. He was succeeded by his son Roy Padilla Jr.
 Bogucin Duży [bɔˈɡut͡ɕin ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klucze within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.
 Charles Bradford Brad Henry (born July 10 1963) was the 26th Governor of Oklahoma. A member of the Democratic Party he was elected governor in 2002. Henry won re-election for a second term on November 7 2006 with 66% of the vote.Henry was the third governor and second Democrat in Oklahoma history to hold two consecutive terms along with Democrat George Nigh and Republican Frank Keating.
 The Iška (pronounced [ˈiːʃka]) is a river of Slovenia. Part of the river valley—the Iška Gorge or Iška Canyon (Slovene: Iški Vintgar)—separates Lower Carniola from Inner Carniola. The river is 31 km (19 mi) long.
 Hydrelia pavonica is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China.
 Parapsychology: Frontier Science of the Mind is a book by Joseph Banks Rhine and Joseph Gaither Pratt originally published in 1957. It is a textbook and reference work which provides an introduction to the field of parapsychology which discusses methods for testing tables for evaluation reading lists and other research aids.Parapsychology: Frontier Science of the Mind has been reviewed in The Philosophical Review Philosophy East and West and the Southern Medical Journal.
 The Geelong Advertiser is a daily newspaper servicing Geelong Victoria Australia the Bellarine Peninsula and surrounding areas. The Geelong Advertiser is the oldest newspaper title in Victoria and the second oldest in Australia and was first published on 21 November 1840. The newspaper is currently owned by News Limited. It is the Pacific Area Newspaper Publishers Association 2009 Newspaper of the Year (circulation 25000 to 90000).
 Mount Hay is a mountain in the Blue Mountains National Park New South Wales Australia. It is located approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) west of Sydney and 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) north-west of the nearest town Leura. Mount Hay is approximately 944 metres (3097 ft) AMSL and is one of several volcanic plugs located within the UNESCO World Heritage Greater Blue Mountains Area.
 The Pula Cathedral or fully the Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary (Croatian: Katedrala uznesenja Blažene Djevice Marije) is a co-cathedral in Pula Croatia. Along with the Euphrasian Basilica it is one of the two official seats of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Poreč and Pula. The church is located on the south side of the Pula bay at the foot of the hill with the 17th century Venetian fort.
 You Know Me Al is a book by Ring Lardner and subsequently a nationally syndicated comic strip which Lardner scripted drawn by Will B. Johnstone and Dick Dorgan. The book consists of stories were written as letters from a professional baseball player Jack Keefe to his friend Al Blanchard in their hometown of Bedford Indiana.
 Prometheus Rising is a book by Robert Anton Wilson first published in 1983.
 Fulguropsis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Melongenidae the crown conches and their allies.
 Dicellitis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Aphomia poliocyma is a species of snout moths in the genus Aphomia. It was described by Turner in 1937 and is known from Australia (it was described from Sydney).
 John C. F. Slayton (June 27 1856 — January 4 1922) was an American produce dealer and politician who served as a member of the Melrose Massachusetts Board of Aldermen and on the Massachusetts Executive Council.
 The Edna E. Lockwood is a Chesapeake Bay bugeye the last working oyster boat of her kind. She is located at the Chesapeake Bay Maritime Museum in Saint Michaels Maryland. She was built in 1889 at Tilghman Island Maryland by John B. Harrison and is of nine-log construction similar to the smaller log canoe and was launched on October 5 1889 for Daniel Haddaway at a cost of $2200.
 Empire of Lies is a 2008 thriller novel written by screenwriter and Edgar-winner Andrew Klavan. The book takes its title from a quote by Ron Paul Truth is treason in an empire of lies.
 Lillian W. Walker (born May 8 1923) is a former member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from East Baton Rouge Parish Louisiana having served from 1964 to 1972 corresponding with the administration of Governor John J. McKeithen her fellow Democrat.Walker was narrowly unseated in the general election held on February 1 1972 by the Republican Clark Gaudin also of Baton Rouge. Gaudin polled 6949 votes (51 percent) to Walker’s 6645 (49 percent).
 Byronosaurus is a genus of troodontid dinosaur which lived during the Late Cretaceous Period.
 Ceerial Port is the name of the 2006 EP by Ceephax Acid Crew.
 Bayside is a plantation home built in 1850 by Francis D. Richardson on the Bayou Teche in Jeanerette Louisiana United States. Richardson a classmate and friend of Edgar Allan Poe purchased the land for a sugar plantation. It has been listed in the National Register of Historic Places since January 29 1987. Richardson attended St. Mary's College in Baltimore Maryland.
 Aloeides namibiensis the Namibia Copper is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Namibia. The habitat consists of arid savanna.Adults have been recorded in December.
 Help! I'm a Fish (Danish: Hjælp jeg er en fisk; a.k.a. A Fish Tale) is a 2000 Danish animated film directed by Stefan Fjeldmark and Michael Hegner It was released on October 6 2000 in Denmark and released on August 10 2001 in United Kingdom.Danish teen-pop girl-group Little Trees performed the title track Help! I'm a Fish (Little Yellow Fish) which was released as a single in the UK. Fellow Danish girl group Creamy also recorded a version of the song.
 Chenar Barm-e Olya (Persian: چناربرم عليا‎ also Romanized as Chenār Barm-e ‘Olyā and Chenār Barm ‘Olyā; also known as Chenār Baram-e Bālā Chenār Barm-e Bālā and Chenār Bon-e Bālā) is a village in Pataveh Rural District Pataveh District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 854 in 157 families.
 Tandi is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7919 people living in 1410 individual households.
 Good Neighbor Sam is a 1964 American comedy film co-written and directed by David Swift and starring Jack Lemmon Dorothy Provine and Romy Schneider.It was based on the novel by Jack Finney. The screenplay was the motion picture debut of James Fritzell and Everett Greenbaum who had written many American television situation comedies[citation needed] including Mr. Peepers (created by David Swift). Greenbaum also created the mobile sculpture featured in the film.
 Neculăieuca is a commune in Orhei district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Neculăieuca.
 The Yakima Valley Museum is a 65000-square-foot (6000 m2) facility offers historical exhibits on the Yakima Valley—its natural history American Indian culture pioneer life early city life and the roots and development of the Valley’s fruit industry.
 The Rough Guide to the Music of Kenya and Tanzania is a world music compilation album originally released in 1996. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series it focuses on the music of Kenya and Tanzania two countries which share Swahili as a common language. The release was compiled by Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network.
 Warakadeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Grace Episcopal Church built in 1867 is an historic Episcopal church located at 1041 Wisconsin Avenue NW in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington D.C.. Historically known as Grace Protestant Episcopal Church it was added under that name to the National Register of Historic Places on May 6 1971. It is also known as Mission Church for Canal Boatmen.Grace Church is an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Washington. The Rev. John Graham is the current rector.
 The House of the Worm is a collection of stories by author Gary Myers. It was published in 1975 by Arkham House in an edition of 4144 copies and was the author's first book. The book is a stylistic pastiche of H. P. Lovecraft and Lord Dunsany and may be seen as an expansion of Lovecraft's Dream Cycle.
 Childhood (Russian: Детство Detstvo) is the first published novel by Leo Tolstoy released under the initials L. N. in the November 1852 issue of the popular Russian literary journal The Contemporary.It is the first in a series of three novels and is followed by Boyhood and Youth.
 Županjac (Serbian Cyrillic: Жупањац) is a village in the municipality of Lazarevac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 582 people.
 Tìa Dình is a commune (xã) and village of the Điện Biên Đông District of Điện Biên Province northwestern Vietnam. The commune covers an area of 98.82 square kilometres and has a reported population of 2468.
 Caguán River (Spanish pronunciation: [kaˈɣwan]) is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin.
 Prodasycnemis is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Kenneth Francis Sheets (born November 6 1976) is an attorney from Dallas Texas who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives. Since 2011 he has represented the highly politically competitive District 107 in Dallas County.
 The Friedrichswerder Church (German: Friedrichswerdersche Kirche French: Temple du Werder) was the first Neo-Gothic church built in Berlin Germany.
 Beneath the Surface (ISBN 9780733619328) is a children's picture book by the author Gary Crew and illustrated by Steven Woolman. It is a sequel to The Watertower. It was published in 2004 10 years after its prequel.It is about Dr Spiros Trotter aka Spike from The Watertower who is a hydrologist. He returns to Preston to test the water in the mysterious watertower on the hill. The words in the book describe Spike's actions while the pictures on each page skip all around the world.
 Napaktulik Lake also known as Takijuq Lake is the eighth largest lake Nunavut Canada. It is located 173 km south of Kugluktuk.
 The short-tail nurse shark Pseudoginglymostoma brevicaudatum is a nurse shark in the family Ginglymostomatidae the only member of the genus Pseudoginglymostoma. It is found in the tropical western Indian Ocean between latitudes 0° and 27° S and reaches a length of 75 cm.
 For the 1960s British rock band and their only album see Sweet Thursday (band) and Sweet Thursday (album)Sweet Thursday is a 1954 novel by John Steinbeck. It is a sequel to Cannery Row and set in the years after the end of World War II. According to the author Sweet Thursday is the day between Lousy Wednesday and Waiting Friday.
 Eventually All At Once is the tenth full-length album by Joan of Arc released in 2006 on Record Label Records. It was recorded at the home of Donna Kinsella in Buffalo Grove IL.
 Blue Mountain School is an historic school in Port Angeles Washington.Blue Mountain School was built in 1903 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.
 Gregory Wright Carman (born January 31 1937) is a Judge for the United States Court of International Trade and was formerly a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from New York.
 Crow's First Lesson is a poem written by Ted Hughes in 1970.
 Black Market Babies is a 1945 American film directed by William Beaudine.A small-time hood teams up with an alcoholic obstetrician to set up a private maternity ward where the expectant mothers' expenses are paid by the donations of adoptive parents. The racket goes wrong when one of the pre-sold children is stillborn which means the hood has to come up with a replacement baby.
 Bette B. Grande is a North Dakota Republican Party member of the North Dakota House of Representatives representing the 41st district with State Representative Al Carlson (R-Fargo).Grande is a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council ALEC serving as North Dakota state leader also with Carlson.
 Forgetting June is a 2013 Nigerian romantic drama film directed by Ikechukwu Onyeka starring Majid Michel Beverly Naya and Mbong Amata.
 Chizumi to Fujiomi-kun (千津美と藤臣君) is a shōjo manga series of one-shots involving the main characters Chizumi and Fujiomi-kun by Kyouko Hikawa serialized in Hana to Yume. It is available in two bunko volumes from Hakusensha Haru o Matsu Koro (Waiting for Spring) first published in bunko form on June 15 2000 and Giniro Ehon (Silver Picture Book) first published on September 14 2000.
 The Port–Manning House is a historic home in Salem Oregon United States. The house was built in 1884 by Dr. Luke A Port. The house was designed after the Italianate Victorian style. Under threat of demolition it was moved from its downtown location to south of the city of Salem in 1975 where it currently is situated. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It currently is used as a private residence.
 Sheppard's Plume Moth (Geina sheppardi) is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It known from western North America including Mississippi Ontario and Wisconsin.The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults are on wing from May to June. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Vitis species. They make ties in young leaves. Full-grown caterpillars are about 10 mm long pale green and hairy.
 The Unicorn Cave (German: Einhornhöhle) in Austria is situated in the Hohe Wand Nature Park near Dreistetten in Lower Austria and may be reached on signposted hiking trails in ca. 20 minutes from Dreistetten aus (typical signpost illustrated). The cave was discovered in 1927 by Otto Langer senior and opened as a show cave in 1930. In 1964 the structures built by Otto Langer junior were modernised.
 Hospital subtitled A Dream-Vision is a 2007 novel by Toby Litt describing surreal events in a large hospital around the framing device of an unnamed boy's attempts to find the exit. It is Litt's eighth novel and was originally published by Hamish Hamilton.
 Stereo ★ Type A is an album by Cibo Matto released in 1999. It is only their second studio album and their last before they disbanded in 2001.While having a strong focus on atmospheric and ambient sounds and melody (particularly in Moonchild) Stereo ★ Type A also contains a broad range of styles reaching into hip hop territory in Sci-Fi Wasabi (with vocals by Duma Love) and heavy metal in Blue Train. Furthermore Clouds and Mortming contain heavily vocoded vocals.
 Chaos by Design is an album by New Zealand drum and bass group Concord Dawn released in 2006. This album features tracks with Tiki of Salmonella Dub and Wellington soul singer Hollie Smith.
 Chulahoma: The Songs of Junior Kimbrough is an EP by American blues rock duo The Black Keys. Essentially a tribute album it is a collection of the band's cover versions of songs by Fat Possum Records bluesman Junior Kimbrough who died in 1998.
 Marcellina Mountain elevation 10845 ft (3306 m) is a summit in the Raggeds Wilderness of Gunnison National Forest in western Colorado.
 The Museum of Korean Culture is located on Concourse 4F Incheon International Airport Incheon South Korea. It houses artifacts and art of cultural significance to Korea. The museum also displays a Korean bell and pagoda.
 John Michael Mick Mulvaney (born July 21 1967) is an American politician who has been the U.S. Representative for South Carolina's 5th congressional district since 2011. He is a member of the Republican Party. Mulvaney previously served as a member of the South Carolina Senate representing the 16th district (Lancaster and York Counties) from 2009 to 2011. He is the first Republican to represent South Carolina's 5th district since 1883.
 Under A Monsoon Cloud is a crime novel by H. R. F. Keating. It is the fifteenth book in the Inspector Ghote series.
 Simon-Pierre Diamond (born February 9 1985 in Boucherville Quebec) is a politician in Quebec. He represented the Marguerite-D'Youville district in the National Assembly of Quebec from 2007 to 2008 as a member of the Action démocratique du Québec.From 2004 to 2007 Diamond a law student at Université de Montréal and a resident of Boucherville served as President of the Youth Commission of the ADQ.
 Ankale is a village in Hukkeri Taluk Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 The Valea Carelor River or Carele River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Salt Creek is a tributary 30 miles (48 km) long of the Middle Fork Willamette River in Lane County in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is named for salt springs along its banks that are used as licks by deer. The stream originates in the forested Cascade Range just southeast of Waldo Lake and flows generally south through Gold Lake to Route 58 which it follows mainly northwest for about 26 miles (42 km) to its mouth at the Middle Fork Willamette just below Hills Creek Dam.
 Dogma is a 1999 American comedy film written and directed by Kevin Smith who also stars in the film along with an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck Matt Damon Linda Fiorentino Alan Rickman Bud Cort Salma Hayek Chris Rock Jason Lee George Carlin Janeane Garofalo Alanis Morissette and Jason Mewes.Brian O'Halloran and Jeff Anderson the stars of Smith's debut film Clerks have cameo roles as do Smith regulars Scott Mosier Dwight Ewell Walt Flanagan and Bryan Johnson.The fourth film set in the View Askewniverse is a hypothetical-scenario film revolving around the Catholic Church and Catholic belief which caused organized protests and much controversy in many countries delaying release of the film and leading to at least two death threats against Smith. 
 The Whispering Statue is the fourteenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was originally published by Grosset & Dunlap in 1937. An updated revised and largely different story was published under the same title in 1970.
 Francisco Ximenes de Texada y Eslava was the 69th Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta from 1773 to 1775. During his reign the order became unpopular mainly due to bankruptcy brought by his predecessor Pinto's lavish lifestyle. Ximenes' reign was marked by an unsuccessful revolt of the priests.
 Devils & Dust is the thirteenth studio album by American recording artist Bruce Springsteen and his third folk album (after Nebraska and The Ghost of Tom Joad). It was released on April 25 2005 in Europe and on April 26 2005 in the United States. It debuted at number one the US Billboard 200 album chart.
 Ma 6-T va crack-er (i.e. Ma cité va craquer in standard French My City is Going to Crack derived from craquer break down and the drug crack cocaine) is a French movie directed by Jean-François Richet in 1997 caricaturing gang warfare.
 Aldri mer 13! (13 Never Again!) is a Norwegian film from 1996 directed by Sirin Eide and starring Sofie Cappelen
 The Gunfighters is a 1987 television Western film starring Art Hindle and George Kennedy directed by Clay Borris.
 The Emphorini are a tribe of apid bees.
 Machine Dreams is the second studio album by Swedish electronic band Little Dragon. It was released on 17 August 2009 by Peacefrog Records.
 Pontohedyle is a genus of sea slugs acochlidians shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Microhedylidae. Sea slugs in this genus are highly simplified and uniform.
 Whisper is a 2007 horror film directed by Stewart Hendler and written by Christopher Borrelli. The film revolves around the kidnapping of a young boy David who is more than he appears and brings unexpected troubles for his kidnappers.
 Down by the Riverside is a 2007 New Zealand independent film noir horror film produced and directed by Brad Davison and Marama Killen and written by Davison and Killen with Joe Hitchcock.
 Neocteniza is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae with species found in South America.
 Pelecus cultratus known variously as the sichel the ziege the sabre carp or sabrefish is a species of cyprinid fish from an Eastern Europe and adjacent Asian regions. It is the only species of its genus. This species inhabits lower reaches of rivers and brackish waters of eastern Baltic Black Caspian and Aral Sea basins. This fish has no major threats and the IUCN lists it as being of Least Concern.
 Gentleman's Agreement is a 1947 novel by Laura Z.
 Surveillance is an independent thriller that is set in the Nebraska plains of the United States (US). The film is directed by Jennifer Lynch and stars Julia Ormond Bill Pullman Michael Ironside and French Stewart. The film premiered out of competition and appeared in a midnight slot at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival. Surveillance is Lynch's second feature film following a fifteen-year break after Boxing Helena.
 Neil Sedaka On Stage is a 1974 live-in-concert album recorded by Neil Sedaka during one of his tours to Sydney Australia. The concert itself took place in 1971 though it was not released for another three years. The album contains mostly cover versions of rock and pop standards from previous decades. It was released on the RCA International label in the United Kingdom.
 Al-Marrakushi is a small relatively isolated lunar impact crater in the eastern Mare Fecunditatis. It is a circular symmetrical formation with inner walls that slope down to the midpoint. To the northeast is the prominent crater Langrenus. The mare near Al-Marrakushi is marked by ray material from its larger neighbor.This crater was identified as Langrenus D until it was given a name by the IAU. It was named after Ibn al-Banna al-Marrakushi (c. 1256 – c. 1321).
 Hainbach (Offenbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Thinking in Textures (stylised as Thinking in textures) is the debut extended play (EP) by Australian musician Chet Faker. It was released on 23 March 2012 by Opulent and Remote Control Records.The album won Best Independent Single/EP at the Australian Independent Records Awards.
 Late Registration is the second studio album by American hip hop artist Kanye West released on August 30 2005 by Roc-A-Fella Records. Recording sessions for the album took place over the course of a year at Record Plant Studios Chalice Recording Studios and Grandmaster Recording Studios in Hollywood and at Sony Music Studios in New York City.
 African and Asian Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on Africa and Asia.
 Introduction to Automata Theory Languages and Computation is an influential computer science textbook by John Hopcroft and Jeffrey Ullman on formal languages and the theory of computation.
 Víkarbyrgi is a former village on the Faroese island of Suðuroy Faroe Islands.It no longer has a population. It retains a postal code (FO 928) and is located at N 61° 26' 34 W 6° 43' 28. The etymology of its name is reputed to be connected with an early settlement of Irish monks who predated the arrival of the Vikings. The last inhabitants had left Víkarbyrgi by 2003.
 Vicki Marble is a Republican member of the State of Colorado's General Assembly. First elected to the Colorado State Senate in 2012 to a four-year term Marble represents District 23 which encompasses parts of Broomfield Larimer and Weld Counties; including Broomfield Erie Longmont Northglenn and Windsor.
 The Étang de Berre (in Provençal Occitan: estanh de Bèrra / mar de Bèrra according to classical orthography estang de Berro / mar de Berro according to Mistralian orthography) is a lagoon on the Mediterranean coast of France about 25 km north-west of Marseille.
 William Edward Miller (March 22 1914 – June 24 1983) was a New York politician. He was the Republican Party nominee for Vice President of the United States in the 1964 election. He was the only Catholic vice presidential nominee of the Republican Party until Paul Ryan in 2012.
 The Church and Friary of St Francis known locally as Gorton Monastery is a 19th-century former Franciscan friary in Gorton in east Manchester England. The Franciscans arrived in Gorton in December 1861 and built their friary between 1863 and 1867. Most of the building work was done by the friars themselves with a brother acting as clerk of works. The foundation stone for the church was laid in 1866 and completed in 1872; it closed for worship in 1989.
 Mount Osore (恐山 Osore-zan) is a caldera volcano in the center of remote Shimokita Peninsula of Aomori Prefecture Japan. According to the Smithsonian National Museum of National History it peaks at 879 meters (or 2884 feet) and its last eruption was noted in 1787 (Global). While known regionally as Mount Osore it is locally referred to as Yake-yama (or “Burning Mountain”) due to minimal activity which occurred throughout the past century.
 Victory World Church is a multi-cultural non-denominational Christian megachurch located in Norcross Georgia. Founded in 1990 Pastors Dennis and Colleen Rouse held the first service in their small apartment home with just six people. Today Victory's main campus in Norcross welcomes more than 8500 people from over 100 nations each weekend.
 Chah-e Shamareh-ye Do Mehdi (Persian: چاه شماره 2مهدي‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Shomāreh-ye Do Mehdī) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District Zeberkhan District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Alan Baker (born July 15 1956) is a Republican member of the Alabama House of Representatives representing the 66th district Baldwin and Escambia counties.
 Science Technology & Human Values (ST&HV) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on the relationship of science and technology with society. The journal's editor-in-chief is Edward J. Hackett (Arizona State University). From the Newsletter on Science Technology and Human Values that Gerald Holton established in 1972 it became Science Technology & Human Values in 1976. ST&HV is published by the Society for Social Studies of Science in conjunction with SAGE Publications.
 Resurrection Men is a 2002 novel by Ian Rankin. It is the thirteenth of the Inspector Rebus novels.
 Carol Schrager is an attorney from Hunter New York. Schrager ran unsuccessfully in 2009 for the Democratic nomination in the special election to succeed Former Congresswoman Kirsten Gillibrand the junior Senator of New York who previously represented New York's 20th congressional district. Schrager was the first person to announce her candidacy to succeed Gillibrand and promised to continue Gillibrand's record in congress.
 Craspedoxantha is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Dê Mullā Samanḏar Şāḩib Kêlay (Template:Lang-pashtu) or Mollā Samand is a village in Paktika Province in eastern Afghanistan.
 Most of the Remixes we've made for other people over the years except for the one for Einstürzende Neubauten because we lost it and a few we didn't think sounded good enough or just didn't fit in length-wise but including some that are hard to find because either people forgot about them or simply because they haven't been released yet a few we really love one we think is just ok some we did for free some we did for money some for ourselves without permission and some for friends as swaps but never on time and always at our studio in Ghent commonly shortened to Most of the Remixes... 
 The Blackvein Sergeant is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Southwest India and parts of Southeast Asia.
 Wild Geese Calling is a 1941 film made by 20th Century-Fox directed by John Brahm and starring Henry Fonda and Joan Bennett. The screenplay was written by Horace McCoy based on a novel by Stewart Edward White. The music score is by Alfred Newman.
 Jar City also known as Tainted Blood (Icelandic: Mýrin The Bog) (About this sound listen ) is a crime novel by Icelandic author Arnaldur Indriðason first published in Iceland in 2000. In the UK the title was changed to Tainted Blood when the paperback edition was released.The novel won the Scandinavian crime writers' Glass Key award in 2002.
 Globipes is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Alo Mohar also known as Allo Mahar Sharif is a village and union council of Daska Tehsil Sialkot District in Punjab Pakistan. The village is located at 32°23'60N 74°25'0E and lies located 8 km to the west of Daska and 15 km southwest of the district capital – Sialkot. It contains the shrines of many Islamic Naqshbandi saints of Allo Mahar.It is famous as it is birth place of prominent Islamic Naqshbandi saint Pir Syed Muhammad Channan Shah Nuri.
 Cyclotorna ementita is a moth of the Cyclotornidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Petit Combin is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located between the valleys of Entremont and Bagnes in the canton of Valais. It belong to the Grand Combin massif.The Petit Combin is a popular destination for heliskiing and snow landing.
 The Leșu River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
 Manuel Salazar y Baquíjano count of Vistaflorida was briefly the President of Peru from June to August 1827. His parents were José Antonio de Salazar y Breña and Francisca Baquíjano y Carrillo de Córdoba. José Baquíjano was Manuel Salazar's uncle.
 William J. Quest is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He was first elected on June 5 1978.
 Perseverance Dam is the second largest (in terms of storage capacity) and the second oldest dam of Toowoomba city's three water supply dams. The other two storages used for Toowoomba are Cooby Dam and Cressbrook Dam which is located downstream of Perseverance.Construction of this dam commenced in 1962 and was completed in 1965. Perseverance dam is located approximately 35 km Northeast of Toowoomba on Perseverance Creek which is a tributary of Cressbrook Creek.
 47 Rojulu (English: 47 days) is a 1981 Indian Telugu language drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Chiranjeevi Jaya Prada Sarath Babu and Ramaprabha. It was simultaneously made in Tamil as 47 Natkal Actress Saritha plays herself in a guest role. The film is based on a novel by Sivashankari.One of the best movies in early days of chiru career which proved his versatality.
 The Abyssinian Catbird or Juniper Babbler (Parophasma galinieri) is a species of bird in the Sylviidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Parophasma. It is endemic to Ethiopia. The catbird's natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 The skink genus Lobulia belongs to the subfamily Lygosominae. They are only found in New Guinea.
 Sky released their sixth album 'Cadmium' in December 1983.
 Tongeia fischeri Fischer’s blue is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Eversmann in 1843. It is found in south-eastern Europe the southern Ural northern and eastern Kazakhstan south-western and southern Siberia the Russian Far East (Primorye southern Sakhalin) Mongolia China Korea and Japan.Larva feed on various succulent plants including Orostachys japonica.
 To Wake the Dead first published in 1938 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr featuring his series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a whodunnit.
 Umimachi Diary (海街diary) is a Japanese josei manga by Akimi Yoshida serialized in Monthly Flowers magazine. It won the Excellence Prize for manga at the 2007 Japan Media Arts Festival Awards and the 6th Manga Taishō. It was also nominated for the 1st Manga Taisho where it came in 3rd place for the 12th Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize where it came in 2nd place and for the 13th Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize.
 Borzymy [bɔˈʐɨmɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Jadów 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Wołomin and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Pelican Butte is a steep-sided dormant shield volcano in the Cascade Range of southern Oregon. It is located 28 miles (45 km) due south of Crater Lake and 12 miles (19 km) northeast of Mount McLoughlin and rises over 3800 feet (1200 m) directly above the shore of Upper Klamath Lake. Ice Age glaciers carved a large cirque into the northeast flank of the mountain forming a steep bowl which is popular in winter with backcountry skiers and snowmobilers.
 A Dark Night's Passing (暗夜行路 An'ya Kōro) is the only full-length novel by Japanese writer Shiga Naoya. It was written in serialized form and published in Kaizō in between 1921 and 1937. The story follows the life of a wealthy young Japanese writer in the early 1900's who seeks to escape his unhappiness through marriage.It was translated into English by Edwin McClellan.
 Home Fire was the fourth album by Irish musician/songwriter Ron Kavana. Released in 1991 on Green Linnet records the album is really a joint project with Terry Woods formerly of The Pogues. The album features two Kavana/Woods co-writes including Young Ned Of The Hill previously recorded by The Pogues on the album Peace and Love. About half the tracks are performed by Kavana and Woods unaccompanied the other half with other musicians.
 Winter's Heart (abbreviated as WH by fans) is the ninth book of the Wheel of Time fantasy series written by American author Robert Jordan. It was published by Tor Books and released on November 7 2000. Upon its release it immediately rose to the #1 position on the New York Times hardcover fiction bestseller list making it the second Wheel of Time book to reach the #1 position on that list. It remained on the list for the next two months. Winter's Heart consists of a prologue and 35 chapters.
 The Mayo Building on S. Main St. in Tulsa Oklahoma was built in 1910. It had five stories. It was expanded by a duplicate building to the north in 1914 and further expanded by addition of 5 more stories in 1917.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.According to its NRHP nomination the building is one of Tulsa's earliest business/office buildings.
 Phil Poole was a Democratic member of the Alabama Senate representing the 21st District from 1995 to 2010. He was defeated for re-election in 2010 by Republican Gerald Allen. Previously he was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives from 1982 through 1994. Poole is married to Dr. Leigh Ann Chandler Poole.
 Princeska z napako is a novel by Slovenian author Janja Vidmar. It was first published in 1998.
 Pieni-Kiimanen is a medium-sized lake in Kainuu region in northern Finland. It is located in Sotkamo and it belongs to the Oulujoki main catchment area. Pieni-Kiimanen is separated from another lake Iso-Kiimanen with strait Pajusalmi.
 Kunama Raju Palem is a village in the Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh India. It is 10 kilometers away from Nagari. The population is approximately 1700. There is a sub-community called Malada. The population there consists largely of the scheduled castes.The main industry is agriculture. In 2007 Malada elected its first female sarpanch.
 The Sword of Paros (パロスの剣 Parosu no Ken) is a 1986 yuri historical fantasy manga composed of three volumes written by Kaoru Kurimoto a science fiction author best known for Guin Saga and illustrated by Yumiko Igarashi best known for Candy Candy. The plot of The Sword of Paros is also strongly centred on the romance of the protagonists one of whom like Oscar in The Rose of Versailles is trying to pass as a man.
 Shore Farm historically known as Shore Farm Camp is a historic farm complex located at Hounsfield in Jefferson County New York. The farm complex consists of the Luff/Wardwell House a former tenant house/milk house and a cattle barn. The house is a stone and wood frame structure dating to about 1822 and enlarged about 1895. Also on the property are non-contributing cabins and cottages.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Lawrence K. Larry Grooms (born March 20 1964) is a Republican member of the South Carolina Senate representing the 37th District.
 Voices of war: Australians tell their stories from World War I to the present (2006) is a telling of the oral history of the Australian experience of war edited by Michael Caulfield. It is made up of 21 firsthand accounts of Australians involvement with war from the First World War through to the Iraq War.The stories are taken from the 2000 histories recorded by the Australians at War Film Archive.
 Hammel Madden Deroche (August 27 1840 – March 10 1916) was an Ontario (Canada) lawyer and political figure. He represented Addington in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1871 to 1883.He was born in Newburgh in Upper Canada in 1840 the son of Pascal Deroche and graduated from the University of Toronto in 1868. During that time he served with the Queen's Own Rifles and fought against the Fenians at the Battle of Ridgeway. He taught school at Newburgh and Napanee.
 Sunwapta Pass (2035 m/6677 ft) (2023 m/6637 ft) (2055 m/6742 ft) is a mountain pass in the Canadian Rockies in the province of Alberta. The pass marks the boundary between Banff and Jasper National Parks. The Icefields Parkway travels through Sunwapta Pass 108 km (67 mi) southeast of the town of Jasper and 122 km (76 mi) northwest of the Parkway's junction with the Trans-Canada Highway near Lake Louise. The pass is the second highest point on the Icefields Parkway.
 Vile Vicious Vision is the fourth studio album by Polish thrash metal band Acid Drinkers. It was released on October 1993 in Poland through Loud Out Records. The album was recorded from 5 to 16 June 1993 at HELLENIC Studio Poznań. The cover art was created by Mariusz Łechtański and Litza and fotos by Lech Brzoza and Magda Starosta. Tracks on Vile Vicious Vision was recorded only in two days.
 Thimmapur is a village and a mandal in Karimnagar district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Harold 'Cope' Copenhaver (born July 17 1961) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives representing District 58 since January 14 2013.
 The Touchet River is a 55-mile (89 km) tributary of the Walla Walla River in southeastern Washington in the United States. The upper Touchet was a traditional summer meeting place for trade and games for the Palus Nez Perce and Walla Walla tribes. The name Touchet derives from the similarly pronounced Sahaptin term for the river Tu-se meaning roasting.
 Shirazi-ye Vosta (Persian: شيرازي وسطي‎ also Romanized as Shīrāzī-ye Vosţá; also known as Shīrāzī-ye Babrī) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 The striped-faced dunnart (Sminthopsis macroura) is an Australian marsupial. This dunnart has an average length of 155-198 mm from the tip of the snout to the tip of the tail snout to anus distance of 75-98 mm a tail measuring 80-100 mm and an ear length of 17-18 mm. Its weight varies between 15-25 grams. It has a dark stripe between its ears on top of the snout to the nose.
 Holiday Inn New Delhi / Mayur Vihar / NOIDA is a hotel in East Delhi India near NOIDA. It opened in 2011 alongside its sister property Crowne Plaza New Delhi / Mayur Vihar / NOIDA. The hotel is part of the InterContinental Hotels Group an international hotel chain hotel founded in 1946. This property is owned by Eros Resorts & Hotels Limited a Delhi based real estate and hospitality group who also own and manage other properties in the area.
 Palliative Medicine is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Medicine. The journal's editor is Catherine Walshe (Manchester University). It has been in publication since 1987 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of European Association for Palliative Care.
 Ruthenica is a genus of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae the door snails all of which have a clausilium.
 Pocket God is a series of digital and paperback comic books–strips published by Ape Entertainment published and marketed by iVerse Media released for iOS devices and available as a print in retailers via contest on August 3 2010. The comic is created and plotted by Dave Castelnuovo and Allan Dye written by Jason M. Burns and drawn by Rolando Mallada.
 The St. Joseph Observatory (OSJ) is an amateur astronomy observatory located in Buenos Aires Argentina. It was founded in 1913. It was initially constructed on 1870 and for being the tallest building was declared ideal observatory of Balvanera neighborhood. It is the first astronomical observatory in Buenos Aires which still remains in activity.Currently performs research and recreational activities for the public as courses or seminars.
 Gastrotheca dunni is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland plantations rural gardens heavily degraded former forest ponds and irrigated land.
 Ammatucha piti is a species of snout moths in the genus Ammatucha. It was described by Roesler in 1983 and is known from Sumatra.
 Hunter's Run is a 2007 science fiction novel written by Daniel Abraham Gardner Dozois and George R. R. Martin. It is a heavily-rewritten and expanded version of an earlier novella called Shadow Twin.
 For the Pet Shop Boys' EP of the same name see Christmas (Pet Shop Boys EP)Mary Margaret O'Hara's Christmas EP was released in 1991. It collects three covers of classic Christmas standards as well as an original Christmas-themed song written by O'Hara.
 Timia nasuta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Fil Bustan (Persian: فيل بوستان‎ also Romanized as Fīl Būstān) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The News (formerly The Evening News) is a daily newspaper serving New Glasgow and Pictou County Nova Scotia
 The Pile-builder Megapode (Megapodius molistructor) is an extinct species of megapode. The subfossil remains were found by Jean-Christophe Balouet and Storrs L. Olson in the Pindai Caves of New Caledonia. Its remains have also been found on Tonga.
 Anarrhotus is a genus of jumping spiders. The only described species Anarrhotus fossulatus is endemic to Malaysia. It is one of several monotypic genera from Southeast Asia where despite their first description dating back more than a hundred years there are no habitat details although genital and sometimes other drawings are now available for several of them. Anarrhotus is only known from a single male specimen the pedipalp of which was drawn by Proszynski (1984).
 Emergency Nurse is a monthly professional magazine which publishes original research and clinical articles relevant to the practice of emergency nursing.
 Padenodes unifascia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.
 Lake Findley also known as Lake Alice is a reservoir on Chiltipin Creek about 1 mile (1.6 kilometers) north of the city of Alice Texas. The reservoir was formed in 1965 by the construction of a dam across the creek. The dam and lake are managed by the City of Alice. Lake Findley serves as a venue for recreation especially fishing.
 The Camenca River or Caminca River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The Derjon (Ladin: Derjon; Italian: Rio Gardena; German: Grödner Bach) is a stream in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Wackiest Wagon Train in the West is a 1976 American Western comedy film directed by Jack Arnold. The film stars Bob Denver as Dusty the bumbling assistant to Wagonmaster Callahan featured in the syndicated series Dusty's Trail.The film itself consists of four episodes of Dusty's Trail edited together.
 Happythankyoumoreplease is a 2010 comedy-drama film written and directed by Josh Radnor in his directorial debut.
 El Economista is a Mexican business and economics newspaper. Founded in 1989 it publishes from Monday to Friday in five columns. One of its most commented features is the strange tone of pink-orange paper it's printed on.
 Phillip Lee Phil Swagel (born 1965/1966) is an American economist and former official in the United States government. As Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy from 2006 to 2009 he played an important role in the Troubled Asset Relief Program that was part of the U.S. government's response to the financial crisis of 2007–08.
 Oerane is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Hylomyscus is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae. It contains the following species:Genus Hylomyscus - African wood miceH. aeta groupBeaded Wood Mouse Hylomyscus aetaHylomyscus grandisH. alleni groupAllen's Wood Mouse Hylomyscus alleniAngolan Wood Mouse Hylomyscus carillusStella Wood Mouse Hylomyscus stellaWalter Verheyeni's Mouse Hylomyscus walterverheyeniH. anselli groupAnsell's Wood Mouse Hylomyscus anselliArc Mountain Wood Mouse Hylomyscus arcimontensisH.
 Mountain Of Love is the 2012 debut self-titled album by acid house psychedelic electric funk soul band Mountain of Love (band). It was released on 2 August 2012 through Cooked Griffin Records and features no singles yet.
 Mandepudi is a village in Amaravathi Mandal of Guntur District. It resides on East of Andhra Pradesh and south of Amaravathi Mandal. It is located approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) from Guntur City.
 A. J. Spiker is the State Chairman of the Republican Party of Iowa. He also serves as 1 of 168 voting members on the Republican National Committee. Spiker was nominated to be Chairman of the Republican Party of Iowa in 2012 by then RNC Committeewoman Kim Lehman of Polk County he was elected with 53% of the vote. In 2013 Spiker easily won reelection with 72% of the vote he was nominated by RNC Committeeman Steve Scheffler of Polk County.
 Ginga Legend Weed (銀牙伝説ウィード Ginga Densetsu Wīdo lit. Silver Fang Legend Weed) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshihiro Takahashi. It is a sequel to Takahashi's 1980s manga Ginga: Nagareboshi Gin and focuses on Weed the son of Gin the original series' protagonist. Weed named after the English word for wild plant leaves his birthplace to search for his father in the Ōu Mountains.
 The Bonaventura Heinz House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983. Another house was also attributed to him Bonaventura Heinz House (first) which was also listed on the NRHP in 1983. It was delisted in 2005.
 The Indonesian big-eyed tree frog Nyctimystes fluviatilis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to West Papua Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 Laughing Gas is a 1914 film starring Charlie Chaplin. The film is also known as Busy Little Dentist Down and Out Laffing Gas The Dentist and Tuning His Ivories.
 Mount Formidable is a mountain in the North Cascades of Skagit County in Washington state. Its first ascent was undertaken by members of the original Ptarmigan Traverse and the peak is a popular climb for parties on the traverse. It was named by early mountaineer Herman Ulrichs in 1935 because of the rugged appearance of its north face. The peak is usually accessed from Cascade Pass via the Ptarmigan Traverse.
 Jaise Ko Taisa is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Murugan Kumaran about twins which live their lives in contrasting social status after they are separated at birth. The film stars Jeetendra and Sridevi as a child artist. R D Burman scored music for this film. Two songs 'ab ke sawan mein jee dare' and 'daiya re daiya re paap ki naiyya re' are not only good to listen but also picturised well. It is one more hit film having double roles.
 The Rogues' Tavern is a 1936 American film directed by Robert F. Hill.
 The Seven Minutes is a 1971 American drama film directed and produced by Russ Meyer. The film was based on the 1969 novel of the same name by Irving Wallace.
 Michael Ho Mun-ka (born 6 November 1955) is a member of the Hong Kong Democratic Party and was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (1991—2000) for the Health Services (constituency).
 Truth and Method (German: Wahrheit und Methode) is the major philosophical work by Hans-Georg Gadamer first published in 1960.
 Exile is the third studio album from the British progressive metal band To-Mera. It is the band's first full-length release with keyboardist Richard Henshall who joined them prior to recording their 2009 EP Earthbound.The cover artwork was done by vocalist Julie Kiss and features the To-Mera logo design of Eliran Kantor.
 Öndor Hairhan (Mongolian: Өндөр хайрхан lit. high holy mountain) is a mountain of the Altai Mountains and located in the Bayan-Ölgii Province in Mongolia. It has elevation of 3914 m (12841 ft) and permanently snow-capped.
 Ifernouane is a village and rural commune in Niger. As of 2011 the commune had a total population of 13243 people.
 Year of the Black Rainbow is the fifth studio album by rock band Coheed and Cambria released on April 13 2010 through Columbia. The album is a prequel to the band's previous four concept albums which comprise The Amory Wars narrative. Year of the Black Rainbow marks drummer Chris Pennie's only studio appearance. It is the last album to feature Michael Todd on bass.The band began recording the album in 2009.
 Meugher (/ˈmuː.fər/) is a hill in the Yorkshire Dales England. It lies in remote country between Wharfedale and Nidderdale in the parish of Stonebeck Down less than 1 km outside the Yorkshire Dales National Park. The hill has a conical peak which has been described as perhaps the remotest and least inviting summit in the Yorkshire Dales.
 The Love Contract is a 1932 British musical film directed by Herbert Selpin and starring Winifred Shotter Owen Nares and Sunday Wilshin. A young woman becomes the driver of a wealthy stockbroker who lost her family's savings. It was based on a play by Jean de Letraz Suzanne Desty and Roger Blum. It was produced by Herbert Wilcox's company British & Dominions Film Corporation. Alternate language versions were made in French and in German both of which were also directed by Selpin.
 Fist Stick Knife Gun: A Personal History of Violence is a memoir by Geoffrey Canada an American social activist who is the current president and chief executive officer of Harlem Children's Zone.
 The Transantarctic Mountains (abbreviated TAM) comprise a mountain range in Antarctica which extend with some interruptions across the continent from Cape Adare in northern Victoria Land to Coats Land. These mountains divide East Antarctica and West Antarctica. They include a number of separately named mountain groups which are often again subdivided into smaller ranges.
 Live Twenty-Five is a 2006 live album by 10000 Maniacs recorded to commemorate the band's 25th anniversary and was only sold on tour. It is their first release with Oskar Saville as lead singer.
 The Church of Saint George (Arabic: كنيسة القديس جيورجوس or كنيسة مار جريس‎ Hebrew: כנסיית גאורגיוס הקדוש קוטל הדרקון) is the major shrine for the fourth-century Christian martyr Saint George (الخضر Al-Khidr in Arabic) and is located in Lod Israel.
 Let Yourself Go is the first 12 extended play by 808 State released in 1988. The cover depicts a Matryoshka doll in the shape of a bear.
 Chabařovice Lake /ˈkɑː.bɑːˌrʒoʊ.vɪˌtsɛ/ (Czech: Chabařovické jezero) also known as Milada is a reservoir in the Czech Republic. It originated from excavation by an old coal mine and flooded former villages Hrbovice Tuchomyšl and Vyklice. The lakes surface area stretchs 250 ha which makes it slightly smaller than the nearby Machas Lake. Its average depth is 15.5 meters and its maximum depth is 22 m. The capacity is approximately 35 mil. m3.
 Wola Dębska [ˈvɔla ˈdɛmpska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Mława and 107 km (66 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Epatolmis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It consists of only one species Epatolmis caesarea. It is found in Europe Asia Minor Southern Siberia Amur Mongolia Northern China up to Korea and Japan.The wingspan is 35–40 mm.The caterpillars feed on various plants including Rubus Atriplex Cynoglossum Plantago Veronica Stellaria Galium Hieracium and Euphorbia species.
 Doboj (Cyrillic: Добој) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Deltaspis alutacea is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1885.
 Podrzewie [pɔˈdʐɛvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Duszniki 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Szamotuły and 38 km (24 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań. Buraki z Łąkowej.
 Jasenovac is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac Bosnia and Herzegovina located east of the town of Bosanski Petrovac on the M5 road (part of E761) to Ključ between the villages Bravski Vaganac and Bravsko.In 1991 the village had a total population of 430 people; 424 Serbs 4 Yugoslavs and 2 Others/Unknown.
 Ace Ventura: Pet Detective is a 1994 American comedy detective film directed by Tom Shadyac and written by Jim Carrey who also starred in the film. It was developed by the film's original writer Jack Bernstein and co-producer Bob Israel for almost six years. The film co-stars Courteney Cox Tone Lōc Sean Young and former Miami Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino. The film was a box office success grossing $107 million worldwide from a $15 million budget.
 The Middle Fork of the Salmon River is a 110-mile-long (180 km) river in central Idaho in the northwestern United States.
 The Life of Oharu 西鶴一代女 Saikaku Ichidai Onna Saikaku's Amorous Woman is a 1952 historical fiction black-and-white film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi starring Kinuyo Tanaka as Oharu a one-time concubine of a daimyo (and mother of a later daimyo) who struggles to escape the stigma of having been forced into prostitution by her father.
 The Thing is a 2011 science fiction horror film directed by Matthijs van Heijningen Jr. and written by Eric Heisserer based on the novella Who Goes There? by John W. Campbell. It is a prequel to the 1982 film of the same name by John Carpenter. The film stars Mary Elizabeth Winstead Joel Edgerton Ulrich Thomsen Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje and Eric Christian Olsen.
 Stafford Gorman Whittle (December 5 1849 – September 11 1931) was born at the family home Woodstock in Mecklenburg County Virginia. His early education was received in Norfolk but when the American Civil War began he continued his studies with a tutor at his father’s home in Botetourt County. Later he attended Chatham Male Institute in Pittsylvania County and entered Washington College when he was eighteen. The following year 1868 he studied law at the University of Virginia.
 Central Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Port Arthur Texas. Opened in 1982 it features Bealls Bed Bath & Beyond Dillard's J. C. Penney Sears Target TJ Maxx and a movie theater.
 Maria Benvida Levy is a Mozambican politician and former judge.
 Aucanquilcha (pronounced: OW-kahn-KEEL-chuh) is a massive stratovolcano located in Antofagasta Region of northern Chile just west of the border with Bolivia. It comprises a number of overlapping cones along a 10 km (6 mi) long ridge that forms the summit. There is weak episodic fumarolic activity and voluminous sulfur deposits in the summit region.
 Miss All-American Beauty is a 1982 American TV-film directed by Gus Trikonis and starring Diane Lane.
 Nature Reviews Cancer is a monthly review journal covering the field of oncology.According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal received a 2012 impact factor of 35.000 ranking it second out of 196 journals in the category Oncology.
 Bainbridge is a village in Ross County Ohio United States along Paint Creek. The population was 860 at the 2010 census.Bainbridge is the location of Pike Lake State Park. It was among a series of towns originally plotted and established by General Nathaniel Massie.
 Eupithecia aduncata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran.
 Nirali Duniya is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Livingstone Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital situated in Korsten Port Elizabeth in South Africa.
 P.D.Q. Bach in Houston: We Have a Problem! is a live performance celebrating 40 years of P. D. Q. Bach. This performance features Professor Peter Schickele with Orchestra X conducted by Peter Jacoby. It includes never-before-recorded performances of Trumpet Involuntary movement of Iphigenia in Brooklyn and also the rounds Odden und Enden (many of which have been previously unavailable on CD).
 Heatwave is the fifth album by Belgian RIO band Univers Zero. Released in 1986 the album is a continued exploration of the Middle Eastern influences which first appeared on Uzed. The instrumentation here is more electronic than in their previous works. The album was recorded and mixed by Didier de Roos at Daylight Studio Brussels.The album is unusual among Univers Zero albums in that drummer/bandleader Daniel Denis did not write the majority of the material.
 Ixala is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Steaua Mică River is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
 The Serpent Bride is a fantasy novel by Sara Douglass. It is the first novel the Darkglass Mountain trilogy and was published in 2007. The storyline is set after the events of The Axis Trilogy and The Wayfarer Redemption trilogy. A sequel was released in 2008 entitled The Twisted Citadel.
 Aw Come Aw Wry is the second full-length album by Phosphorescent and their first and only on the Misra Records label. It was released on June 7 2005.
 Batagalla (7°15'N 80°40'E) is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The Reissend Nollen is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Obwalden and Bern. It lies on the range west of the Titlis between Engelberg and Gadmen.
 Wayne W. Ford is the Iowa State Representative from the 65th District. He has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 1997.
 The Heart of a Sunburned Land is a novel written by Australian author Elizabeth Haran and published in 2002 by Bastei Lübbe.
 Mark of Charon was an American comic book published by CrossGen Entertainment from April to August 2003. It is a five-issue limited series written by Tony Bedard and penciled by Joe Bennett. Taking place in the Sigilverse it primarily features the characters Charon Javi Cobian and Appolyon.
 Kuźnica Zagrzebska [kuʑˈnit͡sa zaˈɡʐɛpska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klonowa within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Klonowa 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Sieradz and 83 km (52 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 The North Branch Meduxnekeag River is a river in Aroostook County Maine and Carleton County New Brunswick. From the outlet of a small pond (46°21′40″N 68°03′18″W) in Maine Township 8 Range 3 WELS the river runs about 20 miles (30 km) northeast south and east to the Canada – United States border crossing into Canada at 46°16′40″N 67°46′56″W. It runs about 4 miles (6 km) southeast to its confluence with the Meduxnekeag River in Wakefield NB.
 Arrowhead Pool is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Situated within Hanging Canyon tiny Arrowhead Pool is surrounded by Mount Saint John to the north and Symmetry Spire to the south while Ramshead Lake is .25 miles (0.40 km) to the west.
 Silk Skin Paws is an EP by English rock band Wire. It was released in 1988.
 A Bronx Tale is a 1993 American crime drama film set in the Bronx during the turbulent era of the 1960s. It was the directorial debut of Robert De Niro that follows a young Italian-American teenager as his path in life is guided by two father figures played by De Niro and Chazz Palminteri. It also includes a brief appearance by Joe Pesci. It was written by Palminteri based partially upon his childhood. The film grossed over $17 million domestically in the box office.
 The Kurubrang River is a river of Guyana a tributary of the Potaro River.
 Norman Kim Maleng (1938 – 2007) served as the King County Washington Prosecutor for 28 years. He was also an architect of Washington's Sentencing Reform Act.
 The Macon County Courthouse and Annex is located at Courthouse Sq. in Macon Missouri. The Romanesque style courthouse was designed by Levi Aldrich and John H. Konefas and built in 1865. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Qojur (Persian: قجور‎ also Romanized as Qojūr) is a village in Afshar Rural District in the Central District of Takab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 55 families.
 Give Me the Roses While I Live: Their Complete Victor Recordings (1932–1933) is a compilation of recordings made by American country music group the Carter Family released in 1997. It is the sixth of nine compilations released by Rounder Records of the group's Victor recordings.
 Simpsonibelus is a genus of belemnite an extinct group of cephalopods.
 Lophioturris polytropus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Arlington Club is a private social club organized in 1867 by 35 business and banking leaders of Portland in the US state of Oregon. First called the Social Club and later renamed the Arlington Club it offered its all-male members most of whom were relatively wealthy and powerful an exclusive place to socialize and discuss their interests.During its first century a total of more than 3300 men were club members at one time or another.
 Marthandavarma (Malayalam: മാർ‍ത്താണ്ഡവർ‍മ്മ Māṟttāṇḍavaṟmma [mɑːṟt̪t̪ɑːɳɖaʋaṟmma]) is a novel by C.V. Raman Pillai published in 1891. It is presented as a historical romance recounting the history of Venad (Travancore) during the final period of Rajah Rama Varma’s reign and subsequently to the accession of Marthanda Varma. The action of story takes place in Kollavarsham 901-906 (Gregorian calendar: 1727-1732).
 Savar Kalateh (Persian: ساوركلاته‎ also Romanized as Sāvar Kalāteh) is a village in Katul Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 450 in 113 families.
 Killers of Kilimanjaro is a 1959 British CinemaScope adventure film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Robert Taylor Anthony Newley Anne Aubrey and Donald Pleasence for Warwick Films. The story was inspired by actual incidents of the Tsavo maneaters recounted in the book African Bush Adventures by JA Hunter and Daniel P. Mannix.The movie was originally known as Adamson of Africa.
 Ruth Rowan (born September 12 1948) is an American politician from the U.S. state of West Virginia. She is a member of the Republican Party and is currently the West Virginia House of Delegates member from the 57th District which represents parts of Mineral County and Hampshire County in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle. In 2004 she defeated the embattled House Delegate Jerry Mezzatesta for his seat after he was embroiled in a political scandal of 2003-2004.
 The whitecheek surgeonfish also known as the goldenrim surgeonfish or yellow-spotted surgeonfish Acanthurus nigricans is a reef-associated tang found from the central Indo-Pacific area to the eastern Pacific coast Hawaii included. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to 21.3 cm in length.
 Outcast is the third book in Erin Hunter's Warriors: Power of Three children's fantasy novel series. HarperCollins published it on 9 April 2008 in Canada and 22 April 2008 in the United States and United Kingdom. The novel details a journey undertaken by protagonist siblings Jaypaw Hollypaw and Lionpaw cats who are referred to in a prophecy to the mountains to help a group of cats known as The Tribe of Rushing Water.
 New York Methodist Hospital (NYM) is a hospital located in the historic brownstone neighborhood of Park Slope in Brooklyn New York between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on Sixth Street. The hospital is a 651-bed voluntary non-profit hospital and serves almost 38000 inpatients each year. Another 250000 outpatient visits and services are logged annually.
 Juy Sefid (Persian: جوي سفيد‎ also Romanized as Jūy Sefīd; also known as Jūb-e Sefīd Jūb Sefīd and Jūk-i-Sefīd) is a village in Baghestan Rural District in the Central District of Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 365 in 83 families.
 Witchingham Priory was a priory in Norfolk England.
 The Akhenaten Adventure is a novel by the Scottish writer P.B. Kerr. It is the first book of the Children of the Lamp series. It tells the story of John and Philippa Gaunt and their adventures when they find that they are djinn or mystical genies. The book was on the New York Times Best Seller list for children's books and received generally favorable reviews. It's sequel is The Blue Djinn of Babylon.
 Troublesome Night 2 is a 1997 Hong Kong horror comedy film produced by Nam Yin and directed by Herman Yau. It is the second of the 19 films in the Troublesome Night film series.
 Daniel Srb (pronounced [daniel sr̩b]; 23 November 1964) is a Croatian right-wing politician and president of the Croatian Party of Rights.
 Kolangal is a 1995 Tamil drama film directed by I. V. Sasi. The film features Jayaram and Kushboo in lead roles. The film produced by Henry had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 15 September 1995.
 Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 27 families.
 Chaos of Forms is the third studio album by an American technical death metal band Revocation released on August 16 2011 by Relapse Records. The song Cradle Robber was released and streamed on their Facebook page in May 10 2011.
 The Ludwig’s Double-collared Sunbird or Montane Double-collared Sunbird (Cinnyris ludovicensis) (sometimes placed in the genus Nectarinia) is a small passerine bird which breeds in forested mountains above 1800 m in western Angola.Its flight is fast and direct on short wings. It lives mainly on nectar from flowers but takes some fruit and especially when feeding young insects and spiders.. It can take nectar by hovering like a hummingbird but usually perches to feed most of the time.
 Avril Lavigne is the self-titled fifth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne released on 1 November 2013 by Sony Music Entertainment. The album is a follow-up to her 2011 effort Goodbye Lullaby and was developed short after its release. Lavigne collaborated with numerous producers including Martin Johnson of Boys Like Girls Peter Svensson David Hodges Matt Squire and her husband Chad Kroeger of Nickelback.
 My Secret is My Silence is the debut studio album by Idlewild lead vocalist Roddy Woomble released 24 July 2006 on Pure Records.The album produced by John McCusker features tracks co-written by McCusker Rod Jones Michael Angus and Karine Polwart as well as the vocals of folk singer Kate Rusby.Regarding the album Woomble states that: the barriers were down so I could do whatever I wanted.
 Askival is the highest mountain on the island of Rùm located 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of the town of Kinloch Scotland. It is often climbed as part of a full traverse of the Rùm Cuillin a rocky range of hills in the south east corner of Rùm of which Askival is the highest.
 Chilkat Inlet is an inlet in Lynn Canal in the Southeast region of the U.S. state of Alaska that includes the delta for the Chilkat River and borders Haines and the Chilkat Peninsula. It was first charted in 1794 by Joseph Whidbey master of the HMS Discovery during George Vancouver's 1791-95 expedition.
 Invocations/The Moth and the Flame is a double album of improvised music written by and performed by Keith Jarrett on soprano saxophone and Pipe Organ (Invocations - recorded at the Benedictine Abbey in Ottobeuren Germany) and Piano (The Moth and the Flame) which was released on the ECM label in 1981.
 Miomir Žužul (born 19 June 1955 in Split) is a Croatian diplomat and politician.
 Nevada is a 1927 American Western silent film directed by John Waters and starring Gary Cooper Thelma Todd and William Powell. Based on the novel Nevada by Zane Grey the film is about a former outlaw hired to protect a ranch owner's daughter which angers the ranch foreman who is in love with the girl. The villainous foreman spreads a rumor of his rival's dark past to the sheriff and the former outlaw is soon on the run again.
 Witeradów [vitɛˈraduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olkusz within Olkusz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Olkusz and 33 km (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 University Hospital Coventry is a large National Health Service (NHS) hospital situated in the Walsgrave on Sowe area of Coventry West Midlands England 4 miles (6.4 km) from the city centre. It is part of the University Hospitals Coventry and Warwickshire NHS Trust which also includes the Hospital of St. Cross that is situated in Rugby Warwickshire.
 Fathom is the second album by Christian dance rock band Mortal and is generally considered the band's best album. The band produced the album along with Terry Scott Taylor of Daniel Amos. It peaked at No. 32 on the Billboard Top Contemporary Christian chart.
 Jabal Ruwaydah is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Homer Alonzo Ramey (March 2 1891 – April 13 1960) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.Born on a farm near Sparta South Bloomfield Township Ohio His parents were Burt C. and Mae (Bockoven) Ramey. He attended the grade and high schools.He was graduated from Park College of Parkville Missouri in 1913 and from the law school of Ohio Northern University at Ada in 1916.
 Edgefield is a historic home and farm complex located at Renick Greenbrier County West Virginia. The Edgefield House is a frame two-story three-bay building with a side gable roof. It has a two-story ell with an asymmetrical gabled roof. The front facade is dominated by a full-height (two-story) open porch supported by four large square columns. Also on the property are the contributing coal shed meat house cistern granary machine shed and two barns.
 Tes Lake is a natural tourism attraction in Lebong Regency. It is one of the largest lakes in Indonesia. Lake Tes is the main Hydroelectricity (hydropower) supplier for almost whole of Bengkulu Province. The area of the lake is about 750 Ha. Located at Kutai Donok Village it is approximately an hours travel from Muara Aman and can be reached by most public transportation. The Central Hydroelectricity which is only about 2 km from the lake can be visited.
 Profit and the Loss is a 1917 British silent drama film directed by A.V. Bramble and Eliot Stannard and starring James Carew Randle Ayrton and Margaret Halstan.
 Protohadros (meaning first hadrosaur) is a genus of herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous (Cenomanian stage) 95 million years ago.Gary Byrd a part-time palaeontologist discovered some remains of this euornithopod (ribs and an ungual) during early 1994 at Flower Mound Denton County north-central Texas. He informed professional palaeontologist Yuong-Nam Lee of the find who arranged for the entire preserved fossil to be excavated.
 Sir Mark Andrew O'Regan KNZM (born 1953) is the President of the Court of Appeal of New Zealand. Educated at St. Patrick's College Silverstream he graduated from the Victoria University of Wellington.He was admitted as a barrister and solicitor of the High Court in 1977 and became a partner with the law firm Chapman Tripp in 1984.
 The Peters Cartridge Company was a company in Kings Mills Ohio that specialized in gunpowder and ammunition production. Its historic buildings built in 1916 at 1915 Grandin Road were added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 10 1985.[citation needed]The site was listed as a Superfund National Priorities List site by the Environmental Protection Agency in April 2012 for copper lead and mercury soil contamination.
 Mount Garibaldi is a potentially active stratovolcano in the Sea to Sky Country of British Columbia 80 km (50 mi) north of Vancouver Canada. Located in the southernmost Coast Mountains it is one of the most recognized peaks in the South Coast region as well as British Columbia's best known volcano. It lies within the Garibaldi Ranges of the Pacific Ranges.This heavily eroded dome complex occupies the southwest corner of Garibaldi Provincial Park overlooking the town of Squamish.
 The Odd Trio is a solo album released in 2000 by guitar virtuoso Michael Schenker. Schenker himself talks about this album on his website: This album came about in 2000 when I had the urge to record an album playing all instruments. I thought of it as a fun thing to do and decided to disguise myself as different musicians inventing characters. It was quite an experience engineering producing and recording all instruments by myself in my own studio.
 Lord of the Flies is a 1963 British film adaptation of William Golding's novel of the same name. It was directed by Peter Brook and produced by Lewis M. Allen. The film was in production for much of 1961 though the film was not released until 1963. Golding himself supported the film. When Kenneth Tynan was a script editor for Ealing Studios he commissioned a script of Lord of the Flies from Nigel Kneale but Ealing Studios closed in 1959 before it could be produced.
 Kuusamojärvi is a lake in Finland. It is situated in the town of Kuusamo in the Northern Ostrobothnia region in northern Finland.The lake is a part of the Kem River basin that drains into the White Sea in the Republic of Karelia Russia.
 Clathrina antofagastensis is a species of sponge in the genus Clathrina from Chile. The species is named after Antofagasta Chile where the holotype was discovered.
 William Ferguson Farm is a historic home and farm located in Wallace Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The farm has three contributing buildings two contributing sites and one contributing structure. They include the main house a residence converted in 1957 from a former carriage house and granary and Georgian and Federal style tenant house. The main house is in two sections; the earlier dates to 1741 and the latter from about 1830.
 The John Gottschalk Freedom Center is a newspaper production facility located at 14th Street and Capitol Avenue in Downtown Omaha Nebraska. Built for the Omaha World-Herald the building is considered to be one of the most automated and technologically advanced newspaper facilities in the world.
 Finnknevatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county Norway. The water flows out of the lake to the north into the lake Hundålvatnet. It is located just north of the Lomsdal–Visten National Park.
 Charles' Aunt (Danish: Charles' tante) is a 1959 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.
 Lake Lenore (aka. Lenore Lake) is located in Grant County Washington. It is a 1670-acre (6.8 km2) lake formed by the Missoula Floods in the lower Coulee just north of the town of Soap Lake Washington. It is situated between Alkali Lake to the north and Soap Lake to the south. The lake is rather narrow but long.
 Step on It! is a 1922 American Western film directed by Jack Conway and featuring Hoot Gibson released by Universal Pictures.
 Of Human Bondage is a 1934 American drama film directed by John Cromwell and is widely regarded by critics as the film that made Bette Davis a star. The screenplay by Lester Cohen is based on the 1915 novel of the same title by W. Somerset Maugham. The film was remade in 1946 and again in 1964.
 Bookforum is an American book review magazine devoted to books and the discussion of literature. Based in New York City New York it is edited by Albert Mobilio Chris Lehmann David O'Neill Michael Miller and Emily Cooke.
 COSMOS is the scientific journal of the Singapore National Academy of Science. It is published twice annually by World Scientific and covers interdisciplinary research in Science and Mathematics.
 Pirnaq (Persian: پيرنق‎ also Romanized as Pīrnaq) is a village in Dursun Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 231 in 52 families.
 The Finn Valley Post is a local newspaper in County Donegal Ireland based in the town of Ballybofey. The paper was first published on 18 July 2007 by the River Media group which produces other local titles such as the Donegal Post and Letterkenny Post. The paper covers much of east and central County Donegal including Ballybofey Stranorlar Raphoe and Lifford.The publication's name comes from the River Finn which flows through the area.
 Bursting at the Seams is a studio album by English band Strawbs. It contains their two most successful singles and reached number 2 in the UK Album Chart.
 Balto II: Wolf Quest is a 2002 American straight-to-DVD sequel to Universal Pictures/Amblin Entertainment' 1995 animated film Balto.
 Ayşecik ve Sihirli Cüceler Rüyalar Ülkesinde (Little Ayşe and the Magic Dwarfs in the Land of Dreams) is a 1971 film by Turkish film director Tunç Başaran an uncredited and very close adaptation by Hamdi Değirmencioğlu of L. Frank Baum's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. The film was produced by Özdemir Birsel for Hisar (Citadel) Film.One of the late films of a cycle of nearly forty films featuring Zeynep Değirmencioğlu (b. 1954; ret.
 The United States Rubber Company Mill Complex is a historic site in Providence Rhode Island.The site was built in 1885 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Bystrojowice [bɨstrɔjɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Samborzec 12 km (7 mi) west of Sandomierz and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Luther Scott Harshbarger (born December 1 1941) is a lawyer and a Democratic politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. He is currently Senior Counsel in the Boston office of Proskauer Rose.
 Aliabad-e Hojjat (Persian: علي ابادحجت‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Ḩojjat; also known as ‘Alīābād and ‘Alīābād-e Moz̧affarī) is a village in Takab Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 24 families.
 La Tosca is a 1909 French film directed by André Calmettes and Charles Le Bargy.
 Kandar-e Mohammadi (Persian: كندرمحمدي‎ also Romanized as Kandar-e Moḩammadī) is a village in Sigar Rural District in the Central District of Lamerd County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 361 in 78 families.
 Lintneria merops is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from western South America including Venezuela to Mexico Belize Guatemala Nicaragua Honduras and Costa Rica.The wingspan is 103–122 mm. Adults have been recorded from April to January in Costa Rica.The larvae feed on Lantana camara and probably other Verbenaceae species. The third instar has a dermal crest and yellow eye-spots on the sides. There are two black eye-spots on the last two instars.
 Black Tar Heroin: The Dark End of the Street is a 1999 documentary directed by Steven Okazaki. Filmed from 1995 to 1998 in the Tenderloin San Francisco California the documentary describes the lives of heroin addicts.
 The Symbol of the Unconquered (aka The Wilderness Trail) is a 1920 silent race film drama produced written and directed by Oscar Micheaux. This film is Micheaux's fourth feature length film and along with Within Our Gates is amongst his earliest surviving works. This film was made at Fort Lee New Jersey and released by Micheaux on November 29 1920. A print of the film is extant at the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
 Agaram (English: The first letter of the Tamil alphabet) is a 2007 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by T. Nagarajan who had earlier directed the 1997 film Aravindhan starring Sarath Kumar. It stars Nandha of Mounam Pesiyadhe and Punnagai Poove fame and newcomer Archana in the lead roles with Biju Menon portraying the role of the antagonist and Vivek Seetha and Raj Kapoor among others in supporting roles.
 Pelochyta semivitrea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dognin in 1907. It is found in Peru.
 Megasoma Thersites is found in Mexico.
 Phool Aur Aag is a 1999 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Jackie Shroff Harish Ayesha Jhulka Aruna Irani and Rakesh Bedi
 Logan Regional Hospital is a 148-bed general hospital located in Logan Utah. It is owned by Intermountain Healthcare. The hospital serves Cache Valley including Cache County Utah and Franklin County Idaho and western Wyoming.
 Glyphipterix variata is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Guyana.
 Young X-Men was a comic book series published by Marvel Comics. It lasted for 12 issues from April 2008 through March 2009. The series was written by Marc Guggenheim.
 Charles Richard Charlie Bean (born 16 September 1953) is Deputy Governor at the Bank of England.Bean attended Brentwood School and Emmanuel College Cambridge and was a contemporary of the comedian Griff Rhys Jones at both and the writer Douglas Adams at Brentwood School. He worked at Her Majesty's Treasury. He gained his Ph.D. at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1981 with thesis title Essays in unemployment and economic activity under the supervision of Robert Solow.
 Richard Spink Bowles (November 16 1912 – July 9 1988) was a lawyer and office holder in Manitoba Canada. He served as the province's 16th Lieutenant Governor from 1965 to 1970.Bowles had no political experience prior to his appointment as Lt.
 Elk Hill is a historic home and farm complex located at Nellysford Nelson County Virginia. It is one of the earliest extant farms in Nelson County. The 173-acre (0.70 km2) rural farm bounded in part by the South Fork of the Rockfish River and Reid’s Creek The main house is a substantial two-story three-bay wide frame dwelling with a central hall plan with the original portion built between 1790 and 1810.
 Sarıderesi is a village in the District of Kurucaşile Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 383 people.
 Dziadoszyce [d͡ʑadɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] (formerly German Döringau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kożuchów 10 km (6 mi) south of Nowa Sól and 28 km (17 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 47.
 Šklėriai is a village in Varėna district municipality in Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 74 people.
 A New Morning Changing Weather is an album by The (International) Noise Conspiracy.
 The Divan Istanbul (Turkish: Divan İstanbul) is a five star hotel in Istanbul Turkey. It is located next to Taksim Gezi Park in Elmadağ Şişli in walking distance from Taksim Square. Opened in 1956 it is the flagship of the Divan Group hotel chain.During the 2013 protests in Turkey it opened its doors to injured protestors as well as those fleeing police attacks. During the night of 15/16 June police repeatedly tear-gassed the lobby.
 Alvania euchila is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 The Bubble is a 1966 American 3-D science fiction film in color later re-released under the title Fantastic Invasion of Planet Earth. It was written and directed by Arch Oboler and starred Michael Cole and Deborah Walley.
 The Xylem Tube EP is an early EP by electronic music artist Richard D. James commonly known by his pseudonym of Aphex Twin. It was his second release under the Aphex Twin alias on R&S Records of Belgium the alias he used for all of his releases on this label.Xylem Tube EP was released exclusively on vinyl in June 1992.
 Poi E is an album released by New Zealand Māori culture group the Patea Maori Club. In 1984 the totally Maori language title track Poi-E topped the New Zealand Pop charts for four consecutive weeks and was that year's biggest selling single - outselling all international recording artists.Dalvanius Prime the album's producer and leader was known for merging the styles of traditional Maori show bands and more recent Maori hip-hop.
 Jallad No. 1 is a 2000 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 Epischidia fulvostrigella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epischidia. It was described by Eversmann in 1844. It is found in Russia Romania and Spain.
 Aai is a 2004 Indian Tamil language film starring Sarath Kumar Namitha Vadivelu and Kalabhavan Mani. It was a successful film with a good soundtrack.
 The BRAND'S Health Museum (Chinese: 白蘭氏健康博物館; pinyin: Báilánshì Jiànkāng Bówùguǎn) is a museum in Changhua Coastal Industrial Park Lukang Changhua County Taiwan.
 Tetrapyra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pretty Things is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label featuring Donaldson with Blue Mitchell Leon Spencer Ted Dunbar and Idris Muhammad and one track with Lonnie Smith and Melvin Sparks replacing Spencer & Dunbar and Jimmy Lewis added.The album was awarded 2 stars in an Allmusic review by Scott Yanow who states Lou Donaldson has recorded many strong sessions throughout his career but this CD reissue brings back one of the less-significant ones...
 Three Golden Rivers is an historical young-adult novel by the American writer Olive Price. Set in 1850 it tells the story of four orphaned siblings who must leave the family farm after their father is killed and head to Pittsburgh Pennsylvania to find work. The children land in a multi-ethnic neighborhood where Stephen befriends a Scottish lad named Andrew Carnegie.
 The News-Gazette is a daily newspaper serving eleven counties in the eastern portion of Central Illinois and specifically the Champaign–Urbana metropolitan area. Based in Champaign Illinois the paper is independently owned by Professional Impressions Media Group which also controls local radio stations WDWS WKIO and WHMS.
 Mansureh-ye Sadat (Persian: منصوره سادات‎ also Romanized as Manşūreh-ye Sādāt; also known as Manşūreh Manşūreh-ye Pā’īn Manşūreh-ye Soflá and Manūreh-ye Shay) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District in the Central District of Shadegan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 551 in 89 families.
 Liometopa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Qaleh (Persian: قلعه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh) is a village in Jaghin-e Shomali Rural District Jaghin District Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1241 in 271 families.
 The Message is a Venezuelan music album made by Gerry Weil in 1971. It has the Mercury-Polydor seal album of Venezuelan jazz.
 MTV Unplugged is an extended play (EP) and live album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey released in the United States on June 2 1992 by Columbia Records. Following the success of Carey's previous two albums and the growing critical commentary on her lack of concert tours and unsubstantial televised performances Sony BMG organised a performance show at the Kaufman Astoria Studios New York on March 16 1992.
 Fix Your Face is the first DJ mix released by TRV$DJAM. It features Travis Barker on drums and DJ AM spinning records. It was released online on August 27 2008.
 The National Museum of History of Moldova (Romanian: Muzeul Național de Istorie a Moldovei) is a museum in Central Chişinău Moldova.
 Narrows Plantation House is located in Lake Arthur Louisiana. It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 9 1985.
 Clinical Pediatrics is a peer-reviewed medical journal of pediatrics that was established in 1962. It is published monthly by SAGE Publications and edited by Russel W. Steele.
 Live & Off the Record (released as En Vivo y en Privado in Spain and Latin America) is the second live album by Colombian musician Shakira. The album was released in 2004 and consists of a two-disc CD and DVD compilation. The CD includes recordings of live performances recorded during 2003 and 2004 and the DVD includes footage from Shakira's Tour of the Mongoose live performance in Rotterdam Netherlands on April 22 2003. The album was certified gold by the RIAA in May 2004.
 Harvest Train is an independent EP by Juno Award winning Canadian singer-songwriter Melanie Doane.
 Ghoria gigantea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. The species was first described by Oberthür in 1879. It is found in the Russian Far East (Amur Primorye Sakhalin) China (Kunashir Heilongjiang Liaonin Hebei Shanxi Shaanxi Zhejiang) Korea and Japan.
 Daylight Fades is a 2010 feature film produced by Memphis-based Old School Pictures in association with Southern Pics LLC written by Allen C. Gardner and directed by Brad Ellis. It stars Matthew Stiller as Johnny and Rachel Miles as Elizabeth. Principal photography was completed after a 38-day shoot in January and February 2009. The film premiered in Memphis on June 15 2010.
 CivilWarLand in Bad Decline is short story writer George Saunders’s first full length short story collection published in 1996; it is 192 pages long. The collection has many stories that appeared in different forms in Kenyon Review Harper's The New Yorker and Quarterly West. The collection was a New York Times Notable Book for 1996 as well as a finalist for the 1996 PEN/Hemingway Award.
 Riverside Methodist Hospital is the largest member hospital of OhioHealth a not-for-profit faith-based healthcare system located in Columbus Ohio.As a regional tertiary care hospital Riverside Methodist is host to a number of specialty centers and services including Neuroscience and Stroke Heart and Vascular Maternity and Women’s Health Cancer Care Trauma Center II Hand and Microvascular Surgery and Minimally Invasive Surgeries Orthopedics Imaging and Bariatric Surgery.
 Hypotia colchicaloides is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypotia. It was described by Amsel in 1949 and is known from Iran.
 The Freedom Writers Diary: How a Teacher and 150 Teens Used Writing to Change Themselves and the World Around Them is a non-fiction 1999 book written by The Freedom Writers a group of students from Woodrow Wilson High School in Long Beach California and their teacher Erin Gruwell. It is the basis of the 2007 movie Freedom Writers starring Hilary Swank.
 Return of the Boom Bap is KRS-One's first official solo album released in 1993 on the Jive Records label. It peaked on the Billboard 200 charts at position 37 on October 16 1993. In 1998 the album was selected as one of The Source's 100 Best Rap Albums.
 Palamut (Greek: Δρυϊνοχώρι Dryïnochṓri ) is a village in the district of Şarköy Tekirdağ Province Turkey. It is thirty kilometres from the town of Şarköy. The primarily occupation is as a farmer. The village has a drinking water supply system but no sewer system. There is a branch post office. Electricity and telephone service are available.The population of the village has been declining. In 1985 it was 113 in 1997 it was 73 in 2000 it was 63 and as of 2011 the population was 44.
 Category: Freaks (Japanese: カテゴリ:フリークス Hepburn: Kategori: Furīkusu) also known as Category Freaks is a manga series created by Ashika Sakura and published in Comic Birz since 2002.The manga is published in the United States by DrMaster since the company took over most of ComicsOne's manga and manhua titles. It was also licensed in Russia by Comix-ART.
 This article describes the first album in the Australia Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! (disambiguation) and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow 01 is a compilation CD released by EMI Music Australia and Warner Music Australia in 2002. It was the first of the new compilations to replace the long running 100% Hits CDs.
 Grane Church (Norwegian: Grane kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Grane about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) north of the municipal center of Trofors. The church sits along the European route E06 highway just 250 metres (820 ft) from the river Vefsna. The church is the main church for the Grane parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
 For Herod's other palaces see Herod's Palace.Herod the Great built a palace within the fortress of Herodium about 12 kilometers south of Jerusalem. Herod himself commissioned a lavish palace to be built between 23 and 15 BCE atop Herodium for all to see. The palace itself consisted of four towers of seven stories a bathhouse courtyards a Roman theatre banquet rooms a large walkway (“the course”) as well as extravagant living quarters for himself and guests.
 The Shire /ʃiːrɛ/ is the largest river in Malawi. The river has been known as the Shiré or Chire River. It is the only outlet of Lake Malawi and flows into the Zambezi River in Mozambique. Its length is 402 kilometres (250 mi). The upper Shire River issues from Lake Malawi and runs approximately 12 miles before it enters shallow Lake Malombe. It then drains Lake Malombe and flows south through Liwonde National Park where large concentrations of hippopotamus are common along its shores.
 Golin [ˈɡɔlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człopa within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Człopa 30 km (19 mi) south-west of Wałcz and 105 km (65 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Wałcz County.
 Ceretes is a genus of moths within the family Castniidae. It was described by Schaufuss in 1870.
 Near to Earth is a 1913 American silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Drosophila bifurca is a species of fruit fly. Males of this species are known to have the longest sperm cells of any organism on Earth an astonishing 5.8 cm long when uncoiled. The cells are mostly tail and are delivered to the females in tangled coils. In a male's entire life he can only make a few hundred such cells. The other members of the genus Drosophila also make very few giant sperm cells with D. bifurca's being the longest.
 Padesh is a village in Blagoevgrad Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.It situated in a valley in the Vlahina foothills 13 kilometers southwest of Blagoevgrad. There is a primary school Todor Aleksandrov and a cultural center Smilen Seimenski with a public library.Padesh is the birthplace of the Mayor of Blagoevgrad Atanas Kambitov (GERB).
 Naranwita is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Jeffersonville School is a historic school building located at Jeffersonville in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1938-1939 and is a large expansive two story Georgian style central school with a below grade basement. The original buildings is a T shaped steel frame and concrete structure with red brick and brickwork ornamentation and surmounted by a slate roof. It is topped by a white windowed cupola a four sided clock tower and a weather vane.
 Who's Your Momma is the fifth studio album by Dutch pop rock singer Anouk. It was released on 23 November 2007 in the Netherlands and Belgium. It is her first studio album of new material since Hotel New York in December 2004. Who's Your Momma debuted at number one in the Netherlands making it her fifth number one album and fourth debut at the top. The album contains the soul-influenced rock first single Good God.
 Break the Science Barrier is a 1996 television documentary written and presented by Richard Dawkins which promotes the viewpoint that scientific endeavour is not only useful but also intellectually stimulating and exciting.
 The Castaway Cowboy is a 1974 adventure film released by Walt Disney Productions starring James Garner Vera Miles Eric Shea and Robert Culp about a Texas rancher who gets shanghaied then jumps ship and finds himself washed ashore in Hawaii. Filmed on location in Hawaii the movie was directed by Vincent McEveety and written by Don Tait and Richard M. Bluel.
 I Don't Luv U is a 2013 Bollywood romantic drama film starring Ruslaan Mumtaz and Chetna Pande in the lead roles. The film is produced by Amit Kasaria under the banner of Amrapali Media Vision. The film was released on 17 May 2013 in India.
 The gumboot chiton Cryptochiton stelleri also known as the Giant Western Firey Chiton is the largest of the chitons growing to 36 cm (14 in) and over 2000 grams. It is found along the shores of the northern Pacific Ocean from Central California to Alaska across the Aleutian Islands to the Kamchatka Peninsula and south to Japan.
 Ian Charles Blayney (born 2 February 1962) is an Australian politician. He was born in Geraldton Western Australia. He has been a Liberal Party member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly since the 2008 state election representing Geraldton. He defeated sitting Labor member Shane Hill after a redistribution made the seat notionally Liberal. He holds an Associate Diploma of Agriculture.
 The Yale Review of Law and Social Action was a student-edited quarterly that was published by Yale University from 1970 to 1973. Hillary Rodham served on its Board of Editors and was an associate editor while attending Yale Law School.
 Lee Sang-don (born December 4 1951 in Busan) is a South Korean legal scholar and a conservative political activist. He currently works as a professor at Chung-Ang University. He is a well-known conservative pundit for expressing criticisms towards the Lee Myung-bak government. He received criticisms from a group of pro-Lee Myung-bak lawmakers for participating in the restructure of the Saenuri Party (formally Grand National Party) in the past due to his distance with Lee Myung-bak.
 Elliott William Hardey (born 3 January 1932) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a farmer by career.Born in Chatham Ontario Hardey was first elected at Kent riding in the 1984 federal election thus he served in the 33rd Canadian Parliament. Hardey left federal politics following the 1988 federal election in which he was defeated by Rex Crawford of the Liberal party.
 The Order is a 2001 American action film directed by Sheldon Lettich and written by Jean-Claude Van Damme who also starred in the film. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on March 12 2002.
 St. James Episcopal Church also known as the Red Church is an historic Episcopal church building formerly Anglican located at 42 Snell Street in Sonora California. Built in 1859 in the Carpenter Gothic style its board and batten exterior walls are of California redwood and are painted red. It was consecrated in 1870 by the Rt Rev. William Ingraham Kip first bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of California.
 Sang Jar (Persian: سنگ جار‎ also Romanized as Sang Jār) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District Kojur District Nowshahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 10 families.
 The Fifth Form at St. Dominic's (published 1881) is the best known of the school stories by the late nineteenth century author Talbot Baines Reed. The stories as well as the book were written for the Boy's Own Paper and published by the Religious Tract Society with illustrations by Gordon Browne.
 The Plum Bush Creek Bridge near Last Chance Colorado is a concrete rigid frame bridge that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It brings US 36 across Plum Bush Creek and is located at milepost 138.16 of US 36. It was designed by Colorado Department of Highways and built by Peter Kiewit Sons Construction Co. in 1938.
 Jabelscher See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.1 m its surface area is 2.34 km².
 Miresa is a genus of moths in the family Limacodidae.
 Guiyu is an extinct genus of bony fish and is the earliest known one. It lived during the Late Silurian (419 million years ago) in China and was 33 cm long. It has the combination of both actinopterygian and sarcopterygian features although analysis of the totality of its features place it closer to Sarcopterygii.
 Ubrangala is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 The Rufous-throated Bronze Cuckoo (Chrysococcyx ruficollis) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is tropical moist montane forests.
 St. Anthony Hospital is an acute care hospital in Pendleton in the U.S. state of Oregon. The 25-bed facility licensed for 49 beds is a level 4 trauma center. Opened in 1902 it is part of the Catholic Health Initiatives and is accredited by the Joint Commission. The new campus sits along U.S. Route 395 on the south side of the city.
 The Huron River flows for 33 km to the east side spill in the Chambly Basin just north of the city of Chambly. Its mouth is located in the municipality of Saint-Mathias-sur-Richelieu in the Rouville Regional County Municipality in the administrative region of Montérégie in Quebec in Canada. Hurons River flows through the Les Maskoutains Regional County Municipality RCM of Richelieu Valley then the western part of the MRC Rouville Regional County Municipality.
 The Journal of Interdisciplinary Economics (JIE) is an academic journal that had been published by A B Academic Publishers Oxon England. In July 2011 Sage announced its acquisition of the journal alongside several other titles that had been published by A B.
 Pizzo Cramalina is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Vergeletto in the canton of Ticino. It lies on the chain between the valleys of Vergeletto and Maggia.
 Zapieczne [zaˈpjɛt͡ʂnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Troszyn 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Ostrołęka and 99 km (62 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Stierjoch is a mountain at the border of Bavaria Germany with Tyrol Austria. The climb is easy but long.
 Kitsemetsa is a village in Rakke Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 The Paint Rock River is a 58.7-mile-long (94.5 km) tributary of the Tennessee River in northern Alabama in the United States. Its tributaries also drain a portion of south-central Tennessee.The river is formed in northeastern Jackson County by the confluence of Estill Fork and Hurricane Creek and flows generally southwardly past the town of Paint Rock. In its upper course the river flows through a deep valley cut into the Cumberland Plateau.
 The Bricklayers (Spanish: Los albañiles) is a 1976 Mexican drama film directed by Jorge Fons. It was entered into the 27th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear.
 Schistocyttara is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 The Asthenic Syndrome (Russian: Астенический синдром translit. Astenicheskiy sindrom) is a 1990 Soviet drama film directed by Kira Muratova. It was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear - Special Jury Prize.
 Deutsche Bank Place is a 240 m (790 ft) skyscraper in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It is located at 126 Phillip Street (corner of Hunter Street) in the north-eastern end of the central business district across the road from Chifley Tower. Construction began in 2002 and was completed in 2005. The building's architect is Norman Foster of Foster and Partners.
 Wynona Moore Lipman (1923 – May 9 1999) was an American Democratic Party politician who represented the 29th Legislative District in the New Jersey Senate. Lipman became the first African-American woman to be elected to the Senate when she won her seat in 1971 and her 27 years of service made her the Senate's longest-serving member at the time of her death.
 Abrafo is a small village located in Twifo/Heman/Lower Denkyira District of the Central Region of Ghana about 30 kilometers north of Cape Coast.
 Mish Mash! is the fifth full-length release from Regurgitator and was released on 15 November 2004.The album was the result of the Band in a Bubble project a new reality TV-inspired media stunt sponsored and broadcast by Australian music channel Channel V. The band entered a small glass recording studio built in Federation Square in the centre of Melbourne to record the album.
 Staw [staf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north of Pokrówka (the gmina seat) 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Chełm and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 540.
 Innu is the second album by Canadian folk rock band Kashtin released in 1991. The album was certified platinum in Canada. It contains the band's biggest chart hit Ishkuess as well as a cover of Willie Dunn's Son of the Sun the only song the band ever recorded in a language other than their native Innu tongue.
 Petropavlovsky is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It is attached to the southern rim of the slightly larger crater Razumov intruding slightly into the interior. Just to the west is the crater Frost along the southern rim of the walled plain Landau.This is a moderately eroded feature with a worn outer rim that is marked by several lesser impacts. A merged pair of small craters cuts across the northwestern rim and inner wall and another craterlet lies along the southeast rim.
 Hurleston Junction (grid reference SJ625553) is the name of the canal junction where the Llangollen Canal terminates and meets the Shropshire Union Canal main line at Hurleston Cheshire England.
 William McMaster (December 24 1811 – September 22 1887) was a Canadian wholesaler Senator and banker in the 19th century. A director of the Bank of Montreal from 1864 to 1867 he was a driving force behind the creation of the Canadian Bank of Commerce of which he served as the founding president from 1867 to his death in 1887.He served in the Canadian Senate from 1867 to 1887 as a Liberal.
 The George River is a river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. The river was named on 16 July 1861 by the surveyor and explorer Frank Gregory who was conducting an expedition in the area.
 Amblyeleotris rubrimarginata is a species of goby found on reefs or in sea grass beds in the western Pacific from New Caledonia to the Great Barrier Reef and around New Guinea Indonesia Malaysia and the Philippines. It can be found at depths of from 3 to 26 metres (9.8 to 85.3 ft).
 St John's Church Barmouth Gwynedd Wales was built between 1889 and 1895 and designed by the Chester architects Douglas and Fordham. The foundation stone was laid by Princess Beatrice of the United Kingdom. Majority of construction costs was donated by Mrs Sarah Dyson Perrins in memory of her husband James Dyson Perrins (father of Charles William Dyson Perrins) of Lea & Perrins.The church belongs to the Church in Wales.
 Orthaga achatina is a species of snout moths in the genus Orthaga. It was described by Butler in 1878 and is known from Japan and Russia.The larvae are a pest on Cinnamomum camphora.
 Tidings is the third studio album by Allison Crowe released in 2003 (see 2003 in music) in EP form and expanded to full album length in 2004 (see 2004 in music). Recorded live-off-the-floor it is primarily an album of traditional songs of the season and Christmas carols alongside cover versions of some of Crowe's favourite songs of spirituality and redemption.This collection includes several songs by fellow Canadian songwriters along with international writers.
 Hotel París also Casa de la Bola is a hotel in Huelva Spain. It is located in the heart of the capital and in the rear of the Palace of the Duke of Medina-Sidonia. It was commissioned by Antonio García Ramos and architect Francisco Monís y Morales in 1907. Monís designed a building divided into two independent sectors. The number 1 building was designed as for homes and businesses while the number 2 as the hotel itself. The facade contains elements of both classical and modernist styles.
 This Is My Boomstick is The Stiletto Formal's second release it was released in early 2006. It also marked the last album ex-keyboard and percussionist Shelly Barnes and drummer Nole Kennedy perform on. Drums on track 1 2 and 4 were performed by Nole Kennedy but not track 3 due to Nole's departure during recording.
 The Bălăteasa River is a headwater of the Finiș River in Romania.
 St Andrew's Presbyterian Church Wingham is the main centre of the Wingham and Upper Manning Parish in the Presbyterian Church of Australia. The other centre is St Thomas' Presbyterian Church Krambach.
 San Karim (Persian: سن كريم‎ also Romanized as San Karīm; also known as San Karīm-e Bahādol) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 279 in 48 families.
 The Basentello is an Italian river that flows into the Bradano. Its source is near Palazzo and the river forms part of the border between the province of Potenza and the province of Bari. It flows into Lago di Serra del Corvo and continues flowing southeast near the border with the province of Matera until it enters the Bradano near Lago di San Giuliano (a short distance before the Bilioso does the same).
 The Rough Guide to the Music of Ethiopia is a world music compilation album originally released in 2012. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the release contains two discs: an overview of the music of Ethiopia—focusing mainly on 21st century pop—is found on Disc One while Disc Two features dub-style musician Invisible System. The compilation was curated by Dominic Raymond-Barker and Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network who was also the producer.
 Basleoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Hana to Akuma (花と悪魔) is a Japanese manga series by Hisamu Oto. It was serialized in the shōjo manga magazine Hana to Yume which is published by Hakusensha.
 Horrid Henry is the first book of the Horrid Henry series. It was published in 1994 and written by Francesca Simon and illustrated by Tony Ross.
 Ghost Hardware is the third EP release by English electronic musician Burial released on the Hyperdub label in 2007.
 The Herald Mexico was a daily English language newspaper published in Mexico City Mexico from 2004 to 2007. It was an international joint venture between The Miami Herald of Miami Florida United States and El Universal a widely circulated Spanish language newspaper also published in Mexico City.
 Hear in the Now Frontier is the sixth studio album by the American heavy metal band Queensrÿche released in 1997. It was partly recorded at Studio Litho in Seattle the home studio of Pearl Jam guitarist Stone Gossard and was engineered and mixed by Toby Wright who had recently worked with Alice In Chains. The album debuted at No. 19 but quickly vanished from the charts.
 The Cathedral Church of Our Lady and St Philip Howard is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Arundel West Sussex England. Dedicated in 1873 as the Catholic parish church of Arundel it became a cathedral at the foundation of the Diocese of Arundel and Brighton in 1965. It now serves as the seat of the Bishop of Arundel and Brighton.
 Songs & More Songs by Tom Lehrer is a reissue of musical satirist Tom Lehrer's two studio albums (Songs by Tom Lehrer and More of Tom Lehrer) combined with other studio sessions and a newly recorded version of I Got It From Agnes. Agnes was a song from Lehrer's early live repertoire which he polished up for the Cameron Mackintosh-produced musical revue Tom Foolery in 1981 but which Lehrer himself never professionally recorded until 1996. The booklet notes include an essay by Dr.
 The Fast Lady is a 1962 British comedy film directed by Ken Annakin. The screenplay was written by Henry Blyth and Jack Davies based on a story by Keble Howard. It was Julie Christie's second film.
 Nujum Pak Belalang (The Fortune-telling of Pak Belalang) is a 1959 Malaysian comedy film directed by and starring P. Ramlee. The film is styled as a fairytale and is loosely based on Malay folklore.
 The Smallpox Hospital sometimes referred to as the Renwick Smallpox Hospital and later the Maternity and Charity Hospital Training School is an abandoned hospital located on Roosevelt Island in Manhattan New York City. Originally designed by architect James Renwick Jr. the 100-bed hospital opened in 1856 when the area was known as Blackwell's Island.A century after it opened the hospital was closed and the building eventually fell into disrepair.
 The Arctic Tern (Sterna paradisaea) is a seabird of the tern family Sternidae. This bird has a circumpolar breeding distribution covering the Arctic and sub-Arctic regions of Europe Asia and North America (as far south as Brittany and Massachusetts). The species is strongly migratory seeing two summers each year as it migrates along a convoluted route from its northern breeding grounds to the Antarctic coast. Recent studies have shown average annual roundtrip lengths of about 70900 km (c.
 The Belton Estate is a novel by Anthony Trollope written in 1865. The novel concerns itself with a young woman who has accepted one of two suitors then discovered that he was unworthy of her love. It was the first novel published in the Fortnightly Review.
 Electra (Greek: Ilektra) is a 1962 Greek film based on the play Electra written by Euripides. It was directed by Michael Cacoyannis as the first installement of his Greek tragedy trilogy followed by The Trojan Women in 1971 and Iphigenia in 1977. It starred Irene Papas in the lead role as Elektra and Yannis Fertis as Orestis.
 Numenes patrana is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in north-eastern Bhutan India (Bengal) Nepal and Taiwan.
 Phyllonorycter oxygrapta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Peru.
 Puig de Fontlletera is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2577 metres above sea level.
 Robert Ian Ian Campbell AO PSM is a former senior Australian public servant and policymaker.
 Grant Haskin (born 1968) is the former Executive Deputy Mayor of Cape Town where he also served briefly as acting Mayor City of Cape Town South Africa.
 The Alternative is a 1978 Australian TV movie about an unmarried editor of a woman's magazine who finds herself pregnant. She has a relationship with another woman.At the Annual Penguin Awards given by the Television Society of Australia the film was awarded best Actress (Wendy Hughes) Actor (Peter Adams) and Supporting Actor (Alwyn Kurts) as well as Best Adult Drama.
 Saino (Nepali: साईनो) is a hit Nepali film directed by Ugyen Chopel produced in 1987. It starred Danny Denzongpa Bhuwan K.C. Tripti Nadakar and child actor Raksha. The music of the film was composed by Ranjit Gazmer.Danny Denzongpa wrote the story of the film and Tulsi Ghimire scripted the dialogues.
 Anapisa monotonia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1963. It is found in Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo and Kenya.
 Cerro Azul (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈsero aˈsul] blue hill in Spanish) sometimes referred to as Quizapu is an active stratovolcano in the Maule Region of central Chile immediately south of Descabezado Grande. Part of the South Volcanic Zone of the Andes its summit is 3788 metres (12428 ft) above sea level and is capped by a summit crater that is 500 metres (1600 ft) wide and opens to the north.
 The Mechanical Bride: Folklore of Industrial Man (1st Ed.: The Vanguard Press NY 1951) is a pioneering study of popular culture by Herbert Marshall McLuhan treating newspapers comics and advertisements as poetic texts.Like his later 1962 book The Gutenberg Galaxy The Mechanical Bride is unique and composed of a number of short essays that can be read in any order – what he styled the mosaic approach to writing a book.
 The National Historical Museum of Brazil (Portuguese: Museu Histórico Nacional) was created in 1922 and possesses over 287000 items including the largest numismatic collection of Latin America. The architectural complex that houses the museum was built in 1603 as the St James of Mercy Fort; earlier structures date back to 1567 erected by order of King Sebastian I of Portugal. In 1693 the Calaboose Prison for slaves was built.
 Cuore is the twelfth studio album and sixteenth album overall by Gianna Nannini. It was released in 1998 on Polydor Records.
 The Pârâul Beldii is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Cornetul and Mocirla
 Salu Kola (Persian: سلوكلا‎ also Romanized as Salū Kolā) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 410 in 103 families.
 Mount Barlow is located on the Continental Divide along the border of Alberta and British Columbia at the southern edge of the Freshfield Icefield in Banff National Park. It was named in 1916 by D.B. Dowling after Dr. Alfred Ernest Barlow a cartographer with the Geological Survey of Canada who perished in the 1914 Empress of Ireland disaster.
 Palair Lake is a man made lake and a major source of freshwater in the Khammam district of Andhra Pradesh India. It is located at the Palair village in Kusumanchi mandal of the district and is about 30 kilometers away from the district headquarters of Khammam. The lake is a balancing reservoir for the Lal Bahadur Canal a left bank canal of the Nagarjuna Sagar project. Covering an area of 1748 hectares the lake has a storage capacity of 2.5 TMC of water.
 Borovac (Serbian: Боровац) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Vakilabad (Persian: وكيل اباد‎ also Romanized as Vakīlābād) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Insight Turkey is an academic journal publishing peer-reviewed articles on Turkish politics since 1999. The current editor of the journal is Talip Küçükcan a professor of international relations at the Marmara University İstanbul Turkey).Insight Turkey is indexed and abstracted in EBSCO European Sources Online (ESO) Index Islamicus Middle East & Central Asian Studies Scopus Sociological Abstracts. and Worldwide Political Science Abstracts among other scientific databases.
 Mount Howitt is a mountain in Victoria Australia named for Alfred William Howitt. Located in the Wonangatta Moroka Unit of the Alpine National Park approximately 170 km north-east of Melbourne.The mountain is a popular bushwalking destination due to spectacular views and relatively easy access in summer via several popular walks including the Australian Alps Walking Track. The closet point to a road is via MacAlister Springs and the Howitt Plains a distance of about seven kilometres.
 Agecroft Hall is a Tudor manor house and estate located on the James River in the Windsor Farms neighborhood of Richmond Virginia United States. The manor house was built in the late 15th century and was originally located in the Irwell Valley in Agecroft Pendlebury in the historic county of Lancashire England. The hall was bought at auction in 1925 disassembled crated and shipped across the Atlantic Ocean and reassembled at its present site. It is now operated as a house museum.
 Narok [ˈnarɔk] (German Norok) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa within Opole County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Dąbrowa and 14 km (9 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 300.
 Jocara tenebrosa is a species of snout moths in the genus Jocara. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Shadow Puppets is a science fiction novel by American author Orson Scott Card published in 2002. It is the sequel to Shadow of the Hegemon and the third book in the Ender's Shadow series (often called the Bean Quartet). It was originally to be called Shadow of Death.
 Szymankowszczyzna [ʂɨmaŋkɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Kaveripattinam Poongavanam Munusamy (Tamil: கே.பி.முனுசாமி) (born 7 June 1952) is an Indian politician and incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from Krishnagiri Constituency. Munusamy completed his Bachelor of Arts from Govt. Arts College Krishnagiri during 1971-1974 and later graduated Bachelor of Law from Government Law College Chennai.
 Paradox is a science-fiction television film starring Kevin Sorbo Steph Song and Christopher Judge directed by Brenton Spencer and based on a three-part graphic novel mini-series by Christos Gage.
 Strupczewo Duże [strupˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Brudzeń Duży 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Płock and 115 km (71 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Clyde Russell Dengler (May 10 1899 – August 15 1992) is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate serving from 1969 to 1974.
 Inquiry was a libertarian magazine published from November 1977 to 1984. It was originally published by the Cato Institute then later transferred to the Libertarian Review Foundation.
 Wysoka [vɨˈsɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łańcut within Łańcut County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łańcut and 18 km (11 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 2400.
 Daniel Fowler Ashford (November 29 1879 – July 17 1929) was a cotton planter from St. Joseph in Tensas Parish in northeastern Louisiana who served from 1916 until his death in office as a Democrat in the Louisiana House of Representatives.
 Olszanka [ɔlˈʂaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The guenons (/ɡəˈnoʊn/ or /ˈɡwɛnən/) are the genus Cercopithecus of Old World monkeys. Not all the members of this genus have the word guenon in their common names and because of changes in scientific classification some monkeys in other genera may have common names that do include the word guenon. Nonetheless the use of the term guenon for monkeys of this genus is widely accepted.All members of the genus are endemic to sub-Saharan Africa and most are forest monkeys.
 Alucita walmakensis is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It was described by Gielis in 2009. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 One Mo Nigga ta Go is a 1996 album by former N.W.A producer DJ Yella. It is a tribute dedicated to the late Eazy-E a long-time friend and fellow N.W.A member who died of AIDS on March 26 1995 exactly one year before the album was released. The album cover shows close-up of Eazy-E's face and Yella himself at Eazy-E's grave. Singles included Dat's How I'm Livin and 4 Tha E a tribute to Eazy-E. The album is certified Gold.DJ Yella produced the whole album but did not rap on most of it.
 The Infernal Desire Machines of Doctor Hoffman published in the United States as The War of Dreams is a 1972 novel by Angela Carter. This picaresque novel is heavily influenced by surrealism Romanticism critical theory and other branches of Continental philosophy. Its style is an amalgam of magical realism and postmodern pastiche.
 Claude Bartolone (French pronunciation: ​[klod baʁtɔˈlɔn]; born 1951) is a French politician. He has served as President of the National Assembly of France since June 2012. A Socialist he has been elected to the National Assembly representing the Seine-Saint-Denis department since 1981. He served in the government as Minister for the City from 1998 to 2002 and he has been President of the General Council of Seine-Saint-Denis since 2008.
 Joseph Laferté (September 27 1851 – May 1 1930) was a farmer merchant and political figure in Quebec. He represented Drummond in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1901 to 1909 as a Liberal.He was born in Saint-David Canada East the son of Antoine Théroux dit Plessis et Laferté and Angèle Vanasse. Laferté was a director of the agricultural society for Drummond County and was a school commissioner for Saint-Germain-de-Grantham in 1894 and 1895.
 Donald Caldwell Arthur Jr. is a retired U.S. Navy medical corps vice admiral (VADM). He entered the Navy in 1974 and eventually served as the 35th Surgeon General of the United States Navy (2004–2007).
 Kamenica is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 A Bug and a Bag of Weed is a 2006 comedy film directed by David Gonella and starring Sebastian Spence Chris Cuthbertson Drew Hagen Nico Lorenzutti Laura Kohoot Nigel Bennett Ryan Scott Greene Amy Kerr John Dunsworth George Green Shawn Duggan David Flemming Veronica Reynolds and Christopher Shyer.
 Let the Right One In (Swedish: Låt den Rätte Komma In) is a 2004 vampire fiction novel by Swedish writer John Ajvide Lindqvist. The story centers on the relationship between a 12-year-old boy Oskar and a centuries-old vampire child Eli. It takes place in Blackeberg a working class suburb of Stockholm in the early 1980s.
 Kannudaiyampalayampudur is a village situated in Erode Tamil Nadu India.
 The Museum of Science and Industry (MSI) is located in Chicago Illinois USA in Jackson Park in the Hyde Park neighborhood between Lake Michigan and The University of Chicago. It is housed in the former Palace of Fine Arts from the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition. Initially endowed by Julius Rosenwald the Sears Roebuck and Company president and philanthropist it was supported by the Commercial Club of Chicago and opened in 1933 during the Century of Progress Exposition.
 Mareura is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Old Dubbo Gaol was a prison in the city of Dubbo New South Wales Australia. It was the second gaol in Dubbo replacing lockups built in 1847 and 1862.When closed the State Government planned its demolition and replacement with a multi-storey office block. Protests led by the city council and historical society led to the plans being dropped.
 The McMillan Reservoir Park is a reservoir in Washington D.C. that supplies the majority of the city's municipal water. It was originally called the Howard University Reservoir or the Washington City Reservoir and was completed in 1902 by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The reservoir was built on the site of Smith Spring one of the springs previously used for drinking water.
 The Bethaniënklooster is a former 15th-century monastery in the Wallen red-light district in Amsterdam. It is one of the few remains of the once-expansive area of monasteries that dominated the oudezijde (old side) of town in the Middle Ages.
 Lighting Research & Technology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Optics and Construction. The journal's Editor is David Carter MSc PhD CEng FCIBSE FILE FSLL (the Society of Light and Lighting). It has been in publication since 1969 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society of Light and Lighting (part of the Chartered Institution of Building Services Engineers).
 Armada is the third studio album by the Norwegian black metal band Keep of Kalessin. The album was originally released under Tabu Records however a 2 vinyl set of the album was released on Back On Black. The release features the return of drummer Vyl and new bassist Wizziac and vocalist Thebon.
 Remember the End is the second novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888–1982) and it is set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania from the 1890s to World War I.The protagonist Alex MacTay is a Scotsman who is called to be a poet but instead emigrates to America. On a farm in Western Pennsylvania he forms a partnership in a coal mine marries the farmer's daughter and suppresses his aesthetic interests.
 Danny Deckchair is a 2003 Australian comedy film written and directed by Jeff Balsmeyer. The majority of Danny Deckchair was shot in Bellingen a Mid North Coast town in New South Wales.It was inspired by the story of Lawnchair Larry (Larry Walters).
 The Megascolecidae are a large family of earthworms which has native representatives in Australia New Zealand Southeast and East Asia and North America. The most ancient lineages of the family show a Gondwanan distribution and have been used as evidence of continental drift. Members of the Pheretima group of genera (e.g. Amynthas) are widely distributed around the tropics much as some Lumbricidae are distributed through the temperate zones. Some North American native genera – e.g.
 Colla gaudialis is a moth in the Bombycidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana.
 Forest is the seventeenth album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle first released on CD in 2004 by Ektro Records. It was re-issued the following year by No Quarter Records. It was recorded in May 2004 and is the first Circle album to feature mainly acoustic instruments. It continues the band's krautrock-influenced interest in repetition but bears little resemblance to the Judas Priest-meets-Neu! sound of earlier albums.[citation needed]
 Gorčinci is a village in the municipality of Babušnica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 537 people.
 The Sound Behind Johnny Cash is the only album released by Johnny Cash's band The Tennessee Three. It is a very rare scarce and nearly impossible to find album. It contains instrumental versions of 11 Johnny Cash hits.
 The Union River is a river of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
 Klimonty [kliˈmɔntɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Stary Lubotyń 13 km (8 mi) north of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 100 km (62 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Franklin Delano Frank Raines (born January 14 1949) is an American business executive. He is the former chairman and chief executive officer of the Federal National Mortgage Association commonly known as Fannie Mae who served as White House budget director under President Bill Clinton. His role leading Fannie Mae has come under scrutiny.
 Mondo Keyhole is a 1966 film directed by Jack Hill. A sexploitation drama it covers themes such as the pornography business drug-taking rape martial arts and revenge.
 Badanahatti is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Bellary taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.
 Gemmula graeffei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Nelson P. Collantes a Filipino politician is a Member of the Philippine House of Representatives for the Third District of Batangas. He succeeded Victoria Hernandez-Reyes. He is one of the 24 Members of the 15th Congress who switched parties and joined the Liberal Party on June 25 2010.
 Sherkanlu (Persian: شركانلو‎ also Romanized as Sherkānlū and Sharkānlū) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 140 in 35 families.
 Itambe is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1892 and contains the species I. fenestalis. It is found in Brazil.
 30 Days of Night is a 2007 American vampire horror film based on the comic book miniseries of the same name. The film is directed by David Slade and stars Josh Hartnett Melissa George and Danny Huston. The story focuses on an Alaskan town beset by vampires as it enters into a thirty-day long polar night.30 Days of Night was originally pitched as a comic then as a film but was rejected. Years later Steve Niles showed IDW Publishing the idea and it took off.
 Wonkwangsa International Zen Temple (Chinese: 元光寺 Korean: 원광사 English: Temple of Original Light) is a Korean-tradition zen temple and monastery located in Búbánatvölgy a valley near Esztergom Hungary.The temple is currently run by the Abbot Chong An Sunim and Vice Abbot Dok Hae Sunim.There are lay residents living in the temple that perform various functions such as Kitchen Master Head Dharma-Teacher Garden Master or Moktak Master.Fundraising for the project started in 2005.
 The Caraíba de Dentro River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Seyyedabad-e Asadollah Khan (Persian: سيداباداسداله خان‎ also Romanized as Seyyedābād-e Āsadollah Khān; also known as Seyyedābād-e Āsadollahkhān) is a village in Binalud Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 21 families.
 The bichirs and reedfish (also called ropefish) comprise the Polypteridae a family of archaic-looking ray-finned fishes and the sole family in the order Polypteriformes.All species occur in freshwater habitats in tropical Africa and the Nile River system mainly swampy shallow floodplains and estuaries.Bichirs are considered the sister group to all other extant ray-finned fishes.
 Ithu Nammude Katha (Malayalam: ഇതു നമ്മുടെ കഥ English: This Is Our Story) is a 2011 Malayalam film written and directed by Rajesh Kannankara who debuts with this film. It stars Asif Ali Nishan Abhishek Vineeth Kumar Ananya Amala Paul and Nimisha in the lead roles. The film is an unofficial remake of 2009 Tamil film Nadodigal with story credited to Samuthirakani. The story revolves around a girl with lot of problems. She enters the life of a group of three youngsters.
 Rees Griffith Richards (July 22 1842 – February 10 1917) was an American Republican politician who served as the 16th Lieutenant Governor of Ohio from 1882 to 1884.
 Sarleyleh (Persian: سرليله‎; also known as Sarleyl) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 38 families.
 The Straits of Johor (also known as the Tebrau Strait Johor Strait Selat Johor Selat Tebrau and Tebrau Reach) is a strait that separates the Malaysian state of Johor on mainland Eurasia to the north from Singapore to the south.
 Hyefjorden is a fjord in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 14-kilometre (8.7 mi) long Hyefjorden is relatively narrow with steep rock walls located close to the fjord on both sides. The west side is where impassable mountains plunge straight into the fjord. Norwegian County Road 615 runs on the east side of the bay with a series of tunnels through avalanche areas.
 Xyletobius sulcatus is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Krajna [ˈkrai̯na] (Ukrainian: Крайна) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza within Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Bircza 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Przemyśl and 56 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.On the site of the village is the disused Arłamów Airport.
 For the Bald Eagle Creek in Blair County Pennsylvania see Bald Eagle Creek (Little Juniata River).Bald Eagle Creek is a 55.2-mile-long (88.8 km) tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River mostly in Centre County Pennsylvania in the United States.Bald Eagle Creek runs through the Bald Eagle Valley at the foot of the Bald Eagle Mountain ridge to Lock Haven.The shorter Bald Eagle Creek (Little Juniata River) runs south in the valley from the same headlands near the Blair County/Centre County line terminating in the Little Juniata River in Tyrone.The main line of the Nittany and Bald Eagle Railroad short line runs along the full length of both Bald Eagle creeks. 
 The Ottilienberg is a mountain near Eppingen in Baden-Württemberg Germany. The mountain has been a cult place in ancient times. On top of the mountain are the remains of a late medieval pilgrimage church and remains of a fortification from the 17th century.The mountain itself is a sandstone oval about 3 km south east of Eppingen. Because of the extraordinary geological formation the 310 m high mountain is assumed to be a very early refuge and cult place.
 The Beaver County Courthouse in Beaver Utah was built in 1882 in a Late Victorian architectural style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. Construction took place from 1876 to 1882 and a vault and jail were added to the rear in later years.
 Mount Tomuraushi (トムラウシ山 Tomuraushi-san) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Polatlı is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 124 people.
 Haidberg bei Zell is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Parting Should Be Painless is Roger Daltrey's fifth solo album released in 1984 the album is his first solo studio album since the demise of The Who. The vinyl album was released on Atlantic 80128-1 USA and reached #102 on the US music charts. The single Walking in My Sleep reached #56 on the US singles charts. The album was produced by Mike Thorne with executive producer listed as Spike.
 The American Journal of Mathematics is a bimonthly mathematics journal published by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
 Triple Time Dance is a full-length album from electronic artist Susumu Yokota released in Japan in 2006. In it Yokota attempts a somewhat unconventional sequence of deep techno arrangements featuring relentless triple metre structures.
 Tetrarhynchia is an extinct genus of brachiopod found in Jurassic strata in Europe and South America. It was a stationary epifaunal suspension feeder.
 The World Is Full of Married Men is the debut novel of British author Jackie Collins first published in 1968 by W. H. Allen.
 Matthew C. Patrick (born April 1 1952 in New Brunswick New Jersey) is a Democratic politician who served as member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He represented the 3rd Barnstable District from 2001-2011. He lives in Falmouth Massachusetts. He was unopposed for re-election in the 2006 elections.
 Felix M. Anthony is a Fiji Indian trade unionist and political leader. During the 2000 coup he was illegally detained by members of the Taukei Movement an ethnic Fijian extremist organisation.He was appointed to the Senate in 2002 as one of eight nominees of the Leader of the Opposition. Anthony is National Secretary of the Fiji Trades Union Congress (FTUC).
 Kowraki (Persian: كوركي‎ also Romanized as Kowrakī and Koorki) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District Zarqan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 571 in 152 families.
 The Seekonk River is a tidal extension of the Providence River in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows approximately 8 km (5 mi). Most historical scholars agree that the name is derived from two Native American words sucki (meaning black) and honc (meaning goose). The river is home to the Brown University rowing team India Point Park Blackstone Park Crook Point Bascule Bridge Narragansett Boat Club Swan Point Cemetery and the Bucklin Point WWTF.
 The Estrela Basilica (Portuguese: Basílica da Estrela) or Royal Basilica and Convent of the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus is a basilica and ancient carmelite convent in Lisbon Portugal built by order of Queen Maria I of Portugal as a fulfilled promise for giving birth to a son (José Prince of Brazil). The official name of the church is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart of Jesus.
 Bell Tower Building or the Allegany County League for Crippled Children building is a historic building in Cumberland Allegany County Maryland. It was built in 1887 and is a two story brick structure topped by a small wooden tower with an open belfry. This was the first separate building to be used as police headquarters and jail in Cumberland.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Sight is a novel written by David Clement-Davies about a pack of wolves. The pack members are: Huttser Palla Khaz Kipcha Brassa Bran Larka and Fell though Kar and Palla's brother Skop join later.
 Largescaled rasbora or Rasbora paucisqualis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora. It is a lotic species found in the Mekong basin and in Malaysia.
 Jablunkov Pass (Czech: Jablunkovský průsmyk  Polish: Przełęcz Jabłonkowska ) is a mountain pass in the Beskids located in the elevation of 553 m above sea level in the Czech Republic near the border with Poland and Slovakia.It separates the Moravian-Silesian Beskids and the Silesian Beskids mountain ranges. It is one of the most important transport routes in the Western Carpathians. Road from Žilina to Těšín runs here. Košice-Bohumín railway line also runs here.
 Thomas Hayes (22 February 1890 – 19 February 1967) was an Australian politician. He was the Australian Labor Party member for Melbourne in the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 1924 to 1955.Hayes was born in Ararat Victoria to an Irish railway worker Patrick Hayes and his wife Sarah. He was educated at St Mary's School and then followed his father into the railway industry joining the Ararat branch of Victorian Railways and was later transferred to Melbourne.
 The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: 1955 is a 1955 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by T. E. Dikty. Most of the stories had originally appeared in 1954 in the magazines Astounding The Saturday Evening Post Fantasy and Science Fiction Amazing Stories Science Stories Galaxy Science Fiction Imagination and Fantastic.
 Kōtal-e Khushk (Arabic: کوتل خشک‎) also called Ąaćbaną and Kōtal-e Darband is a mountain pass in Daykundi Province central Afghanistan.
 The Glodu River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
 Thanga Padhumai (Tamil: :தங்கப் பதுமை) is a Tamil language film starring Sivaji Ganesan and Padmini in the lead roles. The film was released in the year 1959.
 Thalla is a village near Nagar Tehsil Phillaur Jalandhar district in Punjab India.
 Błotka [ˈbwɔtka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 km (6 mi) west of Toruń.The village has a population of 40.
 Bucksport Railroad Station is located in Bucksport Maine. The rail station was built in 1874 by the Maine Central Railroad and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 28 1975. The station is now the home of the Bucksport Historical Society Museum.
 Ridnitsohkka (Finnish: Ridnitšohkka Northern Sami: Ritničohkka) is the second-highest point in Finland though it is the highest mountain with its peak within Finland. The eastern face is steep while the western side is mild. While somewhat popular destination among off-piste skiers the remoteness (50 km or 31 mi from the nearest settlement) of this mountain makes it very isolated.
 The Radiant Seas is a novel from the Saga of the Skolian Empire series of books by Catherine Asaro. The book continues where Primary Inversion ended and centers on the story of the devastating interstellar Radiance War.
 Svibovec Podravski is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D2 highway.
 The Dos Lomitas Ranch also known as the Rattlesnake Ranch Blankenship Well and the Gray Ranch was the first of fifteen ranches and line camps in the Gray family cattle business in the Sonoran Desert country north of the US-Mexico border in Arizona. The ranch is now part of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
 The Homestead is a historic home located at Waccabuc Westchester County New York. It has five contributing buildings and one contributing structure. The main house known as The Homestead was built between 1820 and 1822 in the Federal style by the locally prominent Mead family. It has a four bay wide main block with a three bay ell. The frame building sits on a cut stone foundation. Also on the property is a 19th-century barn four room cottage tool shed (c. 1900) chicken house (c.
 Polly Ann is a lost 1917 silent film comedy drama produced and distributed by the Triangle Film Corporation. It was directed by Charles Miller and stars Bessie Love.
 Tragic Love is a 1909 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Liberata Mulamula is a Tanzanian diplomat presently serving as the Ambassador to the United States. She was appointed by President Jakaya Kikwete in 2013.
 The Spectacular Scarlet Spider is a comic book series starring the Scarlet Spider published by Marvel Comics for two issues from November 1995 to December 1995.The book was a direct continuation in terms of creative teams and storylines of the The Spectacular Spider-Man series which the title temporarily replaced for two months between issues 229 and 230.It was one of four briefly published books which featured the character.
 Bolbolu-ye Kalantar (Persian: بلبلوكلانتر‎ also Romanized as Bolbolū-e Kalāntar; also known as Bolbolū) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 216 in 41 families.
 The Night Flier is a horror short story by Stephen King first published in the anthology Prime Evil: New Stories by the Masters of Modern Horror and then in King's own 1993 Nightmares & Dreamscapes collection.The story was made into a 1997 film of the same title.
 The date stone beetle or button beetle Coccotrypes dactyliperda is an insect belonging to the bark beetles (Scolytinae). It feeds on and spends part of its life cycle in dates the fruits of the date palm (Phoenix dactylifera). Because of its damage to dates it is considered a pest.Adults of the species are reddish-brown and 1.8–2.3 mm (0.07–0.09 in) long with a convex shape and hairs on the dorsal surface.
 The Crna (also Crna Reka Macedonian: About this sound Црна Река or Reka Crna) is river in the Republic of Macedonia right tributary of the Vardar. It runs though much of the south and west of the country. Its source is in the mountains of western Macedonia west of Kruševo. It flows through the village Sopotnica and southwards through the plains east of Bitola.
 Physiological Reports is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering original research in all areas of physiology. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Physiological Society and the American Physiological Society.
 The Lesser Striped Swallow (Cecropis abyssinica) is a large swallow. It breeds in sub-Saharan Africa from Sierra Leone and southern Sudan south into eastern South Africa. It is partially migratory with South African birds wintering further north. West African birds leave the north of the breeding range in the dry season.This is a bird of wooded mainly lowland habitats and is replaced in montane grassland by the Greater Striped Swallow Hirundo cucullata.
 Vatmanabad (Persian: وتمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Vatmānābād) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 24 families.
 Boraras maculatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Boraras. It grows to be .8 inches long at adulthood.
 Caleb Lothrop House is a historic house at 14 Summer Street in Cohasset Massachusetts.The house was built in 1823 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Rave Un2 the Joy Fantastic is the twentieth studio album by Prince (his stage name at the time being the love symbol he created). Featuring a radio-friendly sound the album was conceived as a return to commercial success after several years without significant public attention.
 American Ice Company Baltimore Plant No. 2 is a historic ice manufacturing plant located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It consists of two industrial buildings: an original two story stone ice manufacturing building built in 1905 and a brick ice storage addition built in 1919 is an immense nearly windowless structure with the height of a six-story building.American Ice Company Baltimore Plant No. 2 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Earth-Science Reviews is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It covers all aspects of Earth sciences. The editors-in-chief for this journal are A. Chin C. Doglioni J.L. Florsheim M.F.J. Flower G.R. Foulger S. Khan S. Marriott A.D. Miall G.F. Panza J.A. Sanchez-Cabeza M. Strecker E.S. Takle M. Widdowson and P.B. Wignall.
 Al-Watan Daily is a daily English-language newspaper published in Kuwait. It was established and is printed by the Dar Al-Watan publishing house which also publishes the Arabic language daily newspaper Al-Watan (Kuwait). In 2006 Dar Al-Watan had published the english language daily The Daily Star – Kuwait edition in cooperation with The Daily Star (Lebanon).
 The Plateau Rosa is a glacier situated in the Pennine Alps in the Valais canton of Switzerland just across the border with the Aosta Valley Italy. Its name derives from the French word plateau and the Valdôtain patois term Rosà meaning frozen.The glacier includes peaks such as the Klein Matterhorn (3883 m) and Testa Grigia (3480 m). Plateau Rosa is renowned for its sporting facilities.
 The Hanks' Dugouts are a series of pioneer dwellings in southern Utah in what is now Capitol Reef National Park. The dugouts were constructed as temporary housing for the Ephraim K. Hanks family Mormon pioneers who established the now-vanished Floral Ranch on Pleasant Creek in April 1883. The remains of three dugouts and one other structure remain at the site. All above-ground construction has collapsed.
 Sławomir Stanisław Skrzypek (10 May 1963 – 10 April 2010) was the President of the National Bank of Poland (NBP) from 2007 until his death in 2010. He died in the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash when a plane transporting a number of Polish notables including the President of Poland Lech Kaczynski crashed en route to a ceremony commemorating the 70th anniversary of the Katyń massacre.
 Hamilton is a lunar impact crater that is located near the southeastern limb of the Moon. From the Earth this crater is viewed nearly from the edge limiting the amount of detail that can be observed. It can also become hidden from sight due to libration or brought into a more favorably viewing position.This crater is situated almost due east of the lava-flooded crater Oken near the uneven Mare Australe. To the northeast of Hamilton along the lunar limb is the flooded crater Gum.
 The Residences at the Ritz-Carlton is a luxury condominium building and residential skyscraper in Toronto Canada. At 209.8 m (688 ft) it is Toronto's ninth tallest building. The skyscraper is located at 181 Wellington Street West on the western edge of the downtown core and bordering Toronto's entertainment district. The hotel opened on 16 February 2011.
 Stirling James Hinchliffe (born 23 November 1970) is an Australian politician. Born in Dalby Queensland he was educated at state schools and received a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Queensland. He was a property industry analyst policy manager policy advisor and executive officer before his entry into politics. He had a long involvement with the Australian Labor Party which included a position as National Secretary of Young Labor in 1995.
 Johan Nygaardsvold (Norwegian pronunciation: [ˈnyːɡoːrsvɔl]; 6 September 1879 - 13 March 1952) was a Norwegian politician from the Labour Party. He was Prime Minister of Norway from 1935 to 1945 (from 1940 to 1945 in exile in London) as head of the cabinet Nygaardsvold.
 The Pale Criminal is a historical detective novel and the second in the Berlin Noir trilogy of Bernhard Gunther novels written by Philip Kerr.
 The Panari River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Podlesie [pɔdˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bogoria 13 km (8 mi) north-east of Staszów and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 139.
 Yuri: Sí soy así is the fourth album by Mexican iconic pop singer Yuri. It was released in 1983.
 Greenwich Villageoften referred to by locals as simply the Village is a largely residential neighborhood on the west side of Lower Manhattan in the city of New York City in the U.S. state of New York. A large majority of the district is home to upper middle class families. Greenwich Village however was known in the late 19th to mid 20th centuries as an artists' haven the bohemian capital and the East Coast birthplace of both the Beat and '60s counterculture movements.
 Emamzadeh Abdollah (Persian: امامزاده عبداله‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh ʿAbdollah; also known as Khānābād) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District in the Central District of Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 78 families.
 Teflon Don is the fourth studio album by American rapper Rick Ross released on July 20 2010 on Maybach Music Group and Def Jam Recordings. Production for the album took place during 2009 to 2010 and was handled by several record producers including Clark Kent No I.D. The Olympicks J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League Lex Luger Danja The Inkredibles The Remedy and Kanye West.The album debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 chart selling 176300 copies in its first week.
 Outcast is a 1928 silent film drama produced and distributed by First National Pictures. It was directed by William A. Seiter and stars Corinne Griffith often considered one of the most beautiful women in film. This story had been filmed in 1917 as The World and the Woman with Jeanne Eagels. 1922 saw a Paramount film of the same name with Elsie Ferguson reprising her stage role. Both films were based on a 1914 play Outcast by Hubert Henry Davies which starred Ferguson.
 The Aiguille Verte (French pronunciation: ​[eɡij vɛʁt]; 4122 m (13524 ft)) which is French for Green Needle is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in the French Alps. It was first climbed on 29 June 1865 by Edward Whymper Christian Almer and Franz Biner a fortnight before the fateful first ascent of the Matterhorn. Whymper was unable to climb with his usual guide Michel Croz who had to wait for a client in Chamonix.
 Halstenbach (Agger) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 First Methodist Episcopal Church (Red Church) is a historic church at 4451 Second Street in Port Hope Michigan.It was built in 1880 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 The Bârghiș River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
 Tony Hale Space Detective is a juvenile science fiction novel the fifteenth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber in 1973.This and all subsequent books in the series focused on either Earth or local planetary adventures as technology to explore further afield could not be justified by Walters.Tony Hale was first introduced as a character in Moon Base One and this is the only book to bear one of the main characters in the title.
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Berheci River in Romania.
 The Duchess of Kent Children's Hospital at Sandy Bay (Chinese: 大口環根德公爵夫人兒童醫院) is a pediatric hospital in Sandy Bay on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.The hospital is the only specialist pediatric hospital in Hong Kong.
 Erico Aristotle C. Aumentado (born December 29 1977) also known in Bohol as Aris is a Filipino businessman and politician. A member of the Nacionalista Party he has been elected as a Member of the House of Representatives representing the Second District of Bohol. He replaced his father Erico Aumentado.
 Blemus discus is a ground beetle species in the genus Blemus.
 The Strange Night (Italian: La notte pazza del conigliaccio) is a 1967 Italian film directed by Alfredo Angeli. It was entered into the 17th Berlin International Film Festival.
 A Challenge for Robin Hood is a 1967 British adventure film directed by C.M. Pennington-Richards and starring Barrie Ingham Peter Blythe and John Arnatt.
 Sampson is a relatively tiny lunar impact crater located near the central part of the Mare Imbrium. To the northeast is the crater Landsteiner and to the southeast lies Timocharis. West of this crater is the Dorsum Grabau a wrinkle ridge in the mare.
 Peter Mafany Musonge (born December 3 1942) is a Cameroonian politician who was Prime Minister of Cameroon from September 1996 to December 8 2004.
 The John R. Oughton House commonly known as The Lodge or the Keeley Estate is a Victorian mansion located in the village of Dwight Illinois United States. The grounds remain mostly unchanged since the house was moved from its original site in 1894 and remodeled a year later. John R. Oughton occupied the house until his death in 1925 and in 1930 the house became a boarding home for patients of the internationally known Keeley Institute.
 Chalabad (Persian: چال آباد‎ also Romanized as Chālābād; also known as Seyfābād) is a village in Sursur Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Desertshore is the third studio album by Nico. It was released in December 1970 through record label Reprise.
 Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد‎ also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 8 families.
 The relictual slender salamander (Batrachoseps relictus) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.It is endemic to California found only a small area in Kern County California.
 Luces de Buenos Aires is a 1931 Argentine tango comedy film directed by Adelqui Millar.
 Proteuxoa atra is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Tasmania and Victoria.Adults have dark brown patterned forewings.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Tucson (FCI Tucson) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates with an administrative facility for male and female offenders. It is part of the Tucson Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Tucson) and operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FCI Tucson is located within Tucson city limits 10 miles southeast of downtown Tucson.
 Striped Peak is a mountain located approximately 12 miles (19 km) west of Port Angeles Washington. It is located directly off the Strait of Juan de Fuca and rises to 1166 feet (355 m). The mountain used to be part of Camp Hayden there are still accessible bunkers located on the mountain. To the east is located Freshwater Bay and to the west Crescent Bay.
 Anourag is an album of Indian classical music performed by Anoushka Shankar released in 2000. Anoushka Shankar's father sitar master Ravi Shankar adapted six ragas for her to play on this album.
 Latirus minutisquamosus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Eupatorus gracilicornis the five-horned rhinoceros beetle is a beetle that has four large horns on the prothorax and one extra-long cephalic horn. Rhinoceros beetles the Dynastinae are a subfamily of the scarab beetle family (Scarabaeidae). They are also known as Hercules beetles unicorn beetles or horn beetles. There are over 300 described species of these beetles best known for their bizarre shapes and large size.The range of the five-horned rhinoceros beetle is Southeast Asia.
 Cincorunia uncicornia is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Loja Province and Zamora-Chinchipe Province).
 Stuntman is the fifth album by 't Hof van Commerce.
 For the location in Syria see Karkar.Karkar Island is an oval-shaped volcanic island located in the Bismarck Sea about 30 kilometres off the north coast of mainland Papua New Guinea in Madang Province. The island is about 25 km in length and 19 km in width. In the centre is an active volcano with two nested calderas. The land is covered with the volcanic andesitic lava. The soil is very fertile and used for growing food crop and cash crop.
 Bill Harris (born September 1 1934) is a Republican politician who served in the Ohio General Assembly notably as President of the Ohio Senate from 2005 to 2010.
 Burj Al Fattan is a proposed supertall skyscraper for construction in Dubai Marina. The tower will be built on the site of an existing hotel which is currently being demolished. Burj Al Fattan is projected to have 97 floors and a height of 463 m.
 Evci is a village in the District of Haymana Ankara Province Turkey.
 Memories of Matsuko (嫌われ松子の一生 Kiraware Matsuko no Isshō Life of despised Matsuko) is a 2006 Japanese film written and directed by Tetsuya Nakashima. It is based on a Japanese novel by Muneki Yamada.It has not yet received North American distribution though in its North American premiere at the 2007 New York Asian Film Festival the film received the Audience Award with an average rating of 9.2
 Divellomelon is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae.
 Koh e Alburz Romanized as Kuh i Elburz Kohe Alborz Kuh i Alborz (Persian: کوه البرز‎ high mountain) is a mountain of the Hindu Kush in Afghanistan. It is located in near Dey Chopan District Zabul Province.The mountain should not be confused with another mountain spur with the same name. Kōh-e Alburz is a mountain spur 2736 m. It is situated in Zabul Afghanistan.
 The Master (known previously in the United States as 3 Evil Masters) is a 1980 martial arts film produced in Hong Kong. It was directed by Lu Chin Ku and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio. The film stars Chen Kuan-tai Yuen Tak and Wang Lung-wei.
 Tribe is an extended play from the metal band Soulfly. This EP was only released in Australia on a tour Soulfly was on.
 The Stevenson House located at 1316 E. Washington St. in Bloomington Illinois was the boyhood home of Illinois governor and two-time Democratic presidential nominee Adlai Stevenson II. Architect Arthur Pillsbury designed the house in 1900 for original owner Lyman Graham. In 1906 six years after Adlai's birth the Stevenson family bought the house.
 Trhové Dušníky is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It lies on the Litavka river.
 Louder Than War is a DVD release from the Welsh rock band Manic Street Preachers. It is a recording of their live concert in the Karl Marx Theatre in Havana Cuba in 2001. The concert was notable for being the first time a western rock band had played in Cuba. Fidel Castro was in attendance and met the band before the concert.
 On a Mission was released in Europe in 2001 to coincide with a Buck-O-Nine tour of the UK. It features tracks from Songs in the Key of Bree Barfly and Water in My Head.
 If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death (Italian: Se incontri Sartana prega per la tua morte) also known as Sartana is a 1968 spaghetti western film directed by Gianfranco Parolini. The film stars Gianni Garko William Berger Fernando Sancho and Klaus Kinski and features a musical score by Piero Piccioni. If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death was the first in a series of spaghetti westerns based on the character Sartana.
 Otis C. Norcross (November 2 1811 – September 5 1882) served as the nineteenth Mayor of Boston Massachusetts from January 7 1867 to January 6 1868 during the Reconstruction era of the United States.
 Armen Martirosyan (sometimes spelt Martirosian Martirossyan or Martirossian) held the post of Armenia's Deputy Foreign Minister. He was also a two-term member of the National Assembly of Armenia.
 Suillia lurida is a European species of Heleomyzidae.
 The Lašva is a river in Central Bosnia Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is a left tributary of the Bosna.It originates from the confluence of two little Lašva Karaula Lašva and Komarska Lašva in Turbe. The Lašva flows through Travnik then through Vitez before draining into the Bosna.
 Warriors of Legend is a series of books that are to be published by Genvid L.L.C. The first book in the series Warriors of Legend: Reflections of Japan in Sailor Moon (Unauthorized) is the only book published so far.
 Židovice (Jičín District) is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It is located 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Jičín and 68 kilometres (42 mi) east of Prague.The municipality covers an area of 3.32 square kilometres (1.28 sq mi) and as of 2006 it had a population of 119.First written notice about the village is from year 1361.
 Chełmce [ˈxɛu̯mt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Opatówek 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Kalisz and 116 km (72 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has an approximate population of 900.
 The Yellow Cameo is a 1928 American adventure film serial directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet. The film is now considered to be lost.
 House of Usher (also known as The Fall of the House of Usher and The Mysterious House of Usher) is a 1960 American horror film directed by Roger Corman and written by Richard Matheson from the short story The Fall of the House of Usher by Edgar Allan Poe.
 Creative Campaigning is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1993.
 The Respected Comrade Supreme Commander Is Our Destiny (Hangul: 경애하는 최고사령관동지는 우리의 운명; hanja: 敬愛하는 最高司令官同志는 우리의 運命; RR: Gyeongaehaneun choego saryeonggwan dongjineun uriui unmyeong; MR: Kyŏngaehanŭn ch’oego saryŏnggwan tongjinŭn uriŭi unmyŏng) is a 2008 North Korean film described by the North Korean State news agency KCNA as a documentary film.It was screened at the People's Palace of Culture in Pyongyang in August 2008 for the 48th anniversary of Kim Jong-il's first steps in his Songun revolution leadership and aimed at celebrating him as the author of the policy. 
 The Mirror is a 1913 silent film directed by Anthony O'Sullivan.
 Ekşiler (also called Eşkiler) is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the Göksu River valley. The village is to the north of Göksu River and Turkish state highway D.715. Its distance to Silifke is 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) and to Mersin is 95 kilometres (59 mi). The population of the village is 118 as of 2012. Main economic activities of the village are farming and animal breeding.
 Aspidodiadema jacobyi is a small sea urchin in the family Aspidodiadematidae. It lives in tropical seas at great depths. Aspidodiadema jacobyi was first scientifically described in 1880 by Alexander Emanuel Agassiz an American scientist.
 In a Groove is the second studio album (in the U.S) by singer/songwriter Jonny Blu released in the United States on 21 July 2008 by Dao Feng Music and Sound Cubed Studios. It is an EP of original compositions by Jonny Blu.
 Beggarman Thief is a 1977 novel written by Irwin Shaw. It was a sequel to his 1970 bestseller Rich Man Poor Man.The miniseries adapted from the original novel had a sequel entitled Rich Man Poor Man Book II but it was broadcast prior to the publication of Beggarman Thief and was not based on the second novel.
 Remember Me This Way is a title of a 1974 motion picture documentary about the British glam rock star Gary Glitter.Filmed the previous year the documentary follows Glitter through a routine of press conferences radio interviews photo shoots concert rehearsals and so forth. It also includes Glitter's audition to star in an unproduced feature film.The picture also documents the people working behind the scenes of Glitter's career.
 The Lady in the Morgue (1936) is one of the novels by Jonathan Latimer featuring private detective William Crane. The lady of the title is a female corpse which is stolen from a Chicago morgue before the dead woman's identity can be established.The book is to a large extent a send-up of the hardboiled school of crime writing. Crane is depicted as an ambivalent figure.
 Phyllonorycter viminetorum is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Latvia to the Pyrenees and Italy and from Ireland to Ukraine.The wingspan is 8–9 mm.The larvae feed on Salix viminalis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface tentiform mine close to the leaf margin and normally also close to the petiole. There are often two mines in a single leaf. The mine in contracted in a tube-like fashion.
 The Greatest Hits and More is a music DVD released by Wet Wet Wet in 2004 featuring a collection of original song videos plus live performances.
 King of Thieves is a 2004 movie directed by Ivan Fíla starring Lazar Ristovski Jakov Kultiasov Katharina Thalbach Paulus Manker Birol Ünel and Werner Daehn.
 The Balaj River is a tributary of the Putna in Romania.
 US Post Office-Boonville is a historic post office building located at Boonville in Oneida County New York United States. It was designed and built in 1937 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. It is a one story five bay building with a poured concrete foundation and brick facades in the Colonial Revival style.
 At Peace with Woman is the second album by The Jones Girls. Released in 1980 the album reached number seven on the Top Soul Albums chart
 Barbus martorelli is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Vilna is a historic village in central Alberta Canada.Vilna is located in Smoky Lake County on Highway 28 150 km (93.2 mi) northeast of the city of Edmonton. Bonnie Lake Provincial Recreation Area is located 6 km (3.7 mi) north of the community on the shores of Bonnie Lake.
 The Eastern Smooth Frog or Victorian Smooth Froglet (Geocrinia victoriana) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland swamps and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Meoneurites is an extinct genus of flies (Diptera). There is 1 described species.
 Bogatovo is a village in the municipality of Sevlievo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Season Ticket: A Baseball Companion is a 1988 book written by Roger Angell whose previous works include Five Seasons Late Innings and the New York Times best-seller The Summer Game. Angell is considered one of the country's premier baseball writers.
 Daniel Francis McComas (born May 26 1953 in San Juan Puerto Rico) has served as a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's nineteenth House district in New Hanover County. After nine terms in the state House McComas announced that he would not seek re-election in 2012. Then he resigned before the end of his final term to accept Gov. Beverly Perdue's appointment as chairman of the North Carolina Ports Authority.
 Conta pectinata is a species of South Asian river catfish endemic to India where it occurs the Brahmaputra River drainage of Assam. This species grows to a length of 4.91 centimetres (1.93 in) SL.
 A Guy and a Gal (Swedish: En kille och en tjej) is a 1975 Swedish film directed by Lasse Hallström.
 Education Week is a United States national newspaper covering K-12 education. It is published by Editorial Projects in Education (EPE) a non-profit organization which is headquartered in Bethesda Maryland in Greater Washington DC. The newspaper publishes 37 issues a year three of them special annual reports (Quality Counts Technology Counts and Diplomas Count).
 King of Shadows is a children's historical novel by Susan Cooper published in 1999 by Penguin. In the U.K. it was a finalist for both the Carnegie Medal and the Guardian Children's Fiction Prize.Not in the world of the stage can Nat Field (Nathan) find an escape from the tragedies that have shadowed his young life. So he is thrilled when he is chosen to join an American drama troupe traveling to London to perform A Midsummer Night's Dream in a new replica of the famous Globe Theatre.
 Outrageous Betrayal: The Dark Journey of Werner Erhard from est to Exile was written by freelance journalist Steven Pressman and first published in 1993 by St. Martin's Press. The book gives an account of Werner H. Erhard's early life as Jack Rosenberg his exploration of various forms of self-improvement techniques and his foundation of Erhard Seminars Training est and later of Werner Erhard and Associates and of the Est successor course The Forum.
 André Azoulay (born 17 April 1941) is a senior adviser to King Mohammed VI of Morocco. He previously advised Mohammed's father King Hassan II. He currently presides over the Anna Lindh Euro-Mediterranean Foundation for the Dialogue Between Cultures based in Alexandria Egypt.
 Okrężnica [ɔkrɛ̃ʐˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Disney Prep & Landing is a computer animated television special based on an idea by Chris Williams at Walt Disney Animation Studios and developed by Kevin Deters and Stevie Wermers-Skelton into a half-hour Christmas special. It first aired December 8 2009 on ABC.The special was released on-line the next day along with an original one minute short film Tiny's BIG Adventure.
 The Very Best of Judy Garland is a three-disc box set of Judy Garland songs released in 2007. The set features previously unreleased and digitally remastered tracks.
 The Verman River (Russian: Верман Река Finnish: Vermanjoki) is a river in Murmansk Oblast Russia. For much of the Arctic Campaign of World War II stretches of it formed the front line and much fighting occurred there.
 Pamela Jo Bondi (born November 17 1965) is an American attorney politician and member of the Republican Party who serves as the current Attorney General of Florida.
 The ABC of Communism (Russian: Азбука коммунизма Azbuka Kommunizma) is a book written by Nikolai Bukharin and Yevgeni Preobrazhensky in 1920 during the Russian Civil War. Originally written to convince the proletariat of Russia to support the Bolsheviks it became an elementary textbook of communist knowledge.
 The Desert Mountains are a mountain range located in west-central Nevada south of the Lahontan Reservoir and north of the town of Yerington. The range includes Cleaver Peak at 6711 feet (2046 m) above sea level. The range is found in Lyon and Churchill Counties. Desert Peak at 6404 feet (1952 m) in elevation is located in the eastern part of the chain.
 James John Walker often known as Jimmy Walker and colloquially as Beau James (June 19 1881 – November 18 1946) was Mayor of New York City from 1926 to 1932. During a corruption scandal he was forced to resign.
 Allison Glacier is a small glacier in Victoria Land Antarctica. Its head is located just north of Mount Huggins descending from the west slopes of Royal Society Range into Skelton Glacier. Abbott Spur separates the lower ends of Rutgers Glacier from Allison Glacier.
 Andaz Apna Apna (translation: Every One has their own style) is a 1994 Indian Hindi comedy film directed by Rajkumar Santoshi starring Aamir khan Salman Khan Raveena Tandon Karisma Kapoor and Paresh Rawal in the lead roles. Govinda and Juhi Chawla make guest appearances.The film was released on 11 April 1994. Even though the movie was an average grosser when it released it has since gained a strong cult following over the years.
 Spring Green is a historic home located near Mechanicsville Hanover County Virginia. It was built about 1800 and encompasses an earlier dwelling dated to about 1764. It is a 1 1/2-story five bay center hall single pile frame dwelling in the Federal style. The oldest section includes the hall east parlor with the old kitchen. The house sits on a brick foundation has a gable roof with dormers and exterior end chimneys.
 Aseptis paviae is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in south-western Oregon and California.
 Jérémie-Louis Décarie (August 30 1870 – November 5 1927) was a Canadian lawyer politician and judge in the province of Quebec.Born in Notre-Dame-de-Grâce Quebec the son of Daniel-Jérémie Décarie and Philomène Leduc Décarie was educated at Sainte-Marie College and at the Université Laval in Montreal. He was called to the Bar of Quebec in 1896 and was created a King's Counsel in 1904. He read law first in the office of E. Barnard and later with Mercier Gouin & Lemieux.
 Mt. Sannomine (三ノ峰 San-no-mine) is located on the border of Gujō Gifu Prefecture and Hakusan Ishikawa Prefecture Japan and rises to a height of 2128 m (6982 ft).
 Ghelna is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders).
 Betrayal Fear Anger Hatred is the first EP by the Canadian punk rock band NoMeansNo. The tracks from the EP were later included on the CD reissue of the band's debut album Mama. The EP was described by Trouser Press as a statement of purpose. At this stage the band was still a duo of Rob and John Wright. The EP was described by Maximumrocknroll as 4 great songs.
 The R.R. Gardner House is an historic house at 700 Curtis Corner Road in South Kingstown Rhode Island.The house was built in 1896 in a Queen Anne style and added to the National Historic Register in 1996.
 Motilal Vora is a former chief minister of Madhya Pradesh and a former governor of Uttar Pradesh from 26 May 1993 to 3 May 1996 . He is a senior leader of Indian National Congress.He was born in Nagaur district in present day Rajasthan on Dec. 20 1928. His fore-father came from Nimbi-Jodha and prior to that from Phalaudi.The other bohras from Nimbi Jodha had migrated to Bikaner Jodhpur and Punjab. He received his education at Raipur and Kolkatta.
 Guźlin [ˈɡuʑlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Brześć Kujawski 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Odostomia galapagensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The historic Abbe Creek School is a one-room schoolhouse museum located one mile west of Mt. Vernon Iowa on E48. It is believed to be the oldest standing one room brick schoolhouse in Iowa. The school is located on land claimed by William Abbe the first white settler in Linn County Iowa.
 Red Angel (Japanese title: 赤い天使 Akai Tenshi) is a 1966 Japanese film directed by Yasuzo Masumura. It tells the story of a young Japanese nurse on the front lines in China during the Second Sino-Japanese War. It is based on a 1966 novel of the same name by Yorichika Arima (ja).
 The Debussy quadrangle (H-14) is one of fifteen quadrangles on Mercury. It runs from 270 to 360° longitude and from -20 to -70° latitude. Named after the Debussy crater it was mapped in detail for the first time after MESSENGER entered orbit around Mercury in 2011. It had not been mapped prior to that point because it was one of the six quadrangles that wasn't illuminated when Mariner 10 made its flybys in 1974 and 1975.
 Capromeryx minor is a very small extinct species of pronghorn-like antilocaprid ungulate discovered in the La Brea Tar Pits of California and elsewhere. It has been found at least as far east as the coast of Texas. It stood about 60 centimetres tall at the shoulders and weighed about 10 kilograms (22 lb). It is unclear whether females had horns as well as males.
 After the Fall is the debut studio album by Australian rock band After the Fall released 27 June 2004 by Festival Mushroom Records.After the Fall's debut album was one of the top 50 albums of 2004 in Australian Rolling Stone magazine's Year Book issue. After the Fall also charted in the number one position on Triple J's Short.Fast.Loud Top 40 Albums of 2004. The album's first single Mirror Mirror appeared in Triple J's Hottest 100.
 Terence Wynne Terry Mulder (born 16 August 1952) is an Australian politician. He has been a Liberal member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly since 1999 representing the Colac-based electorate of Polwarth. He is currently Minister for Transport and Roads.Mulder was born in Colac and attended Trinity College but did not complete high school and began working as a laborer.
 She Shoulda Said 'No'! (also known as Wild Weed; Marijuana the Devil's Weed; The Story of Lila Leeds and Her Exposé of the Marijuana Racket; and The Devil's Weed) is a 1949 exploitation film that follows in the spirit of morality tales such as the 1936 films Reefer Madness and Marihuana.
 The Goose River is a river in Knox County Maine. From the outflow of Hosmer Pond (44°12′40″N 69°07′17″W) in Camden the river runs 4.4 miles (7.1 km) southeast to Rockport Harbor in Rockport.
 The Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located three blocks south of Fordham University at the corner of Belmont Avenue and 627 East 187th Street Fordham Bronx New York City New York.
 Darreh-ye Kuh Surag (Persian: دره کوه سورگ‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Kūh Sūrag) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 5 families.
 Nai Aru Lagoon (or Nay Aru Lagoon) is an estuarine lagoon in Mullaitivu District north-east Sri Lanka. The lagoon is fed by a number of small rivers including Nay Aru (Mullaitivu). It is linked to the sea by a narrow channel to the south that is very often blocked by a sand bar. The lagoon's water is brackish. The lagoon is surrounded by dense forest scrubland rice paddies and coconut palm.
 Bolma is a genus of medium to large sea snails with a calcareous operculum marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 Cockscomb Mountain was named in 1921 because the outline of the summit was said to resemble a roosters comb. It is located in the Sawback Range in Alberta.
 Obozin [ɔˈbɔʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Skarszewy 11 km (7 mi) north of Starogard Gdański and 35 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 187.
 Major Lance's Greatest Hits Recorded Live At The Torch is an album by soul artist Major Lance released in 1973 on the Contempo label. It was recorded live in front of a sell-out audience at the Torch Tunstall Stoke-On-Trent on 9 December 1972 and has been described as perhaps the best Northern soul album ever made and a one-off gig when everything came together in perfect harmony.
 The Kryepazari Mosque also called Majapazari Mosque is one of the six mosques in Ulcinj. It was built by Nuradin-Beg from Ulcinj in 1749. It was destroyed in the earthquake in 1979 and 16 years later it was renewed by the donations of the local people. The Friday Khutbah is given in Arabic and Albanian language. To the complex of this mosque also belong the main office of the Islamic religious community of Ulcinj a library and a kindergarten.
 The Canute Peterson House is a historic residence in Ephraim Utah United States. Built in 1869 by Canute Peterson an early Latter-day Saint leader in Sanpete County it was designed by architect William H. Folsom. In 1978 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Richard Nibley brother of Mormon scholar Hugh Nibley purchased and restored the home in the 1960s. It sits next door to the historic Bank of Ephraim building.
 Spirit in the Room is the 40th studio album by Welsh musician Tom Jones released 21 May 2012 It was produced by Ethan Johns. Tracks featured on Spirit In The Room include interpretations of Tom Waits’ Bad as Me Odetta’s Hit Or Miss Vera Hall Ward’s Travelling Shoes and Charlie Darwin by Low Anthem. Spirit in the Room also includes songs by Paul Simon Leonard Cohen and Paul McCartney amongst others.
 Most Requested Hits is American teen pop singer Aaron Carter's first compilation album. The album did not make the Top 50 and has only sold about 50000 copies to date. The compilation included no tracks from Carter's self-titled debut album including one of Carter's most successful singles worldwide Crush on You.
 Lake Hammar (Arabic: هور الحمّار‎ Hawr al-Ḥammār) is a saline lake in southeastern part of Iraq within the Hammar Marshes. It has an area of 600-1350 km². Water level in the lake fluctuates with maximum depths varying from 1.8 metres (winter) to 3.0 metres (spring). The lake is an important wetland site for birds.
 Argentala subcoerulea is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia Panama and Costa Rica.
 Walter Audisio (June 28 1909 Alessandria – October 11 1973 Rome) was an Italian partisan and communist politician. He was responsible for the death of Italian dictator Benito Mussolini.
 Dzierzbiętów Duży [d͡ʑɛʐˈbjɛntuf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łęczyca and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hellraiser: Revelations is an American horror film written by Gary Tunnicliffe and directed by Víctor García. It is the ninth film in the Hellraiser film series and the first entry in the series since Hellraiser: Bloodline to be based on an original script instead of incorporating series antagonist Pinhead into an unrelated horror story.
 Phyllonorycter graecus is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Peloponnisos in Greece.There are at least two but possibly multiple generations per year.The larvae feed on Quercus macrolepis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a large strongly contracted lower-surface tentiform mine. Pupation takes place in de mine in a flimsy cocoon.
 Balala Little Fairy (Chinese: 巴啦啦小魔仙; pinyin: Ba lā lā xiǎo mó xian) is a 2013 Chinese adventure film produced by Guangdong Alpha Animation and Culture Co.Ltd. It is a live-action film adaptation of an animated magical girl series of the same name created by Guangzhou Toy company Auldey.
 Leśnica [lɛɕˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryszów within Wadowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Stryszów 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Wadowice and 31 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
 The Hoapec River is a tributary of the Vulcăniţa River in Romania.
 Henna Maria Virkkunen (born 4 June 1972 in Joutsa) is a Finnish politician belonging to the National Coalition Party. She is Minister of Public Administration and Local Government since 22 June 2011.
 Weliwita Pahalagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Georges is a short novel by Alexandre Dumas père set on the island of Mauritius from 1810 to 1824. This novel is of particular interest to scholars because Dumas reused many of the ideas and plot devices later in The Count of Monte Cristo and because race and racism are at the center of this novel and this was a topic on which Dumas despite his part-African ancestry rarely wrote.Georges was first published in 1843.
 Agriphila tersellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Spain Portugal France Italy Austria Croatia Slovakia Hungary Romania Bulgaria Greece Morocco Algeria Tunisia Asia Minor Turkmenistan Syria Lebanon Iran and Transcaucasia.The wingspan is 22–26 mm.
 Phyllonorycter mannii is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from France to Croatia Hungary and Slovakia and from Bulgaria and the European part of Turkey.Phyllonorycter mannii is treated as a synonym of Phyllonorycter distentella by many authors.The larvae feed on Quercus pubescens and Quercus robur. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They create a lower-surface tentiform mine. The lower epidermis has numerous extremely fine folds.
 North Arapaho Peak elevation 13508 ft (4117 m) is a summit in the Indian Peaks of Colorado. One of the 637 peaks above 13000 feet (3962 m) in elevation in the state (see thirteeners). It is located on the continental divide within the Indian Peaks Wilderness Area of Arapaho and Roosevelt National Forests.
 Najam Aziz Sethi (Urdu/Punjabi: نجم سیٹھی; born c. 1948) is the 16th and former (caretaker) chief minister of Punjab. He is an award winning Pakistani journalist editor and media personality the editor-in-chief of The Friday Times a Lahore based political weekly and previously the editor of Daily Times and Daily Aajkal newspapers.
 Leona Dombrowsky (born April 29 1957) is a politician in Ontario Canada. She was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario representing the riding of Prince Edward—Hastings and was a cabinet minister in the government of Premier Dalton McGuinty.Dombrowsky was born in Belleville Ontario and received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Toronto in 1979.
 Sierniki [ɕerˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Rogoźno 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Oborniki and 40 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań. The village has a population of 280.According to tradition Sierniki was the place of the death of King Przemysł II in 1296.
 Dotsero is a 700-meter (2300 ft) wide by 400-meter (1300 ft) deep maar volcano located in Dotsero Colorado near the junction of the Colorado River and the Eagle River. It is classified as a scoria cone with evaporitic rock basaltic tephra and oxidized sandstone. Erupting approximately 4200 years ago it is the youngest volcano in Colorado.
 Harmony Hill United Methodist Church (Stillwater United Methodist Church) is a historic church in Stillwater Township Sussex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1832 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 Ham Hill is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) Scheduled Ancient Monument Iron Age hill fort Roman site Local Nature Reserve and country park to the west of Yeovil in Somerset England.
 The Board of Education Building also known as the Board of Education Administration Building is a historic building in Philadelphia Pennsylvania the long-time center of the educational system for the city.Finished in 1932 the building's design was selected by jury. It's style is a combination of Art Deco and Classical Revival commonly known as Moderne.
 Barcice [barˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Sącz within Nowy Sącz County Masovian Małopolskie in south Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Stary Sącz 15 km (9 mi) south of Nowy Sącz and 120 km (75 mi) south of Cracow.The village has a population of 2000.
 St Nectan's Church is the parish church of Welcombe on the border of Devon and Cornwall.W. G. Hoskins writes St Nectan's Chapel was one of the many medieval chapels in the vast parish of Hartland. It lies in unspoiled country altogether Cornish in appearance and feeling with views down the combes to the Atlantic. Welcombe was raised to parochial status in 1508 when the church was enlarged by the addition of the north and south transepts.
 Sergeant Deadhead is a 1965 musical comedy film starring Frankie Avalon. It features many cast members who appeared in the Beach Party movies.
 The Franklin County Courthouse located in Courthouse Square on Main Street in Ottawa is the seat of government of Franklin County Kansas. The courthouse was built from 1892 to 1892; while Ottawa had been the county seat since 1864 it lacked a permanent courthouse prior to then. Architect George P. Washburn designed the courthouse in the Romanesque Revival style; the red brick courthouse is considered one of Washburn's most outstanding works.
 Tosen Chapel or Lande Chapel (Norwegian: Tosen kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Brønnøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Lande. The church is part of the Velfjord og Tosen parish in the Sør-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was originally constructed in 1734 at Solstad (near Holm) in Bindal and it was disassembled and moved here in 1888.
 Karayuki-san the Making of a Prostitute is a 1975 Japanese film by director Shohei Imamura. It is a documentary on one of the Japanese karayuki-san who were women who left their homes in Japan to work as prostitutes in Japanese-occupied territories during World War II. Many of these women were told that they were doing this to support their families because of the extreme poverty in wartime Japan. Imamura focuses on one particular woman who was sent to Malaysia and never returned to Japan.
 Skarddalseggi or Skardalseggje is a mountain in Jotunheimen National Park in Oppland Norway.
 The I.O.O.F. Building of Buffalo in Buffalo Oklahoma was built in 1917 in what is now known as Plains Commercial Style architecture. Also known as Harper County Journal Office the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It served historically as a meeting hall and as a business.
 The American White Pelican (Pelecanus erythrorhynchos) is a large aquatic bird from the order Pelecaniformes. It breeds in interior North America moving south and to the coasts as far as Central America and South America in winter.
 Choreutis chalcotoxa is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1886. It is found in Tonga.
 The Wu Chung House (胡忠大廈) is a 40-floor skyscraper located on 213 Queen's Road East in the Wan Chai area of Hong Kong. It was completed in 1992.
 The Journal of Epidemiology and Biostatistics is a peer reviewed journal for epidemiological and biostatistical studies. It is published by Martin Dunitz Ltd part of Taylor & Francis Group. It covers Biology Mathematics and Statistics and Public Health. In 2002 the title was changed to Journal of Cancer Epidemiology and Prevention.
 Mandé Sidibé (20 January 1940 – 25 August 2009) was Prime Minister of Mali from 2000 to 2002 and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ecobank from 2006 to 2009. He was also Director of the Malian branch of the Central Bank of West African States (Banque Centrale des États de l'Afrique de l'Ouest BCEAO) from 1992 to 1995.
 Ups and Downsizing is the second album released by Flint Michigan's The Swellers. It is their follow up to their debut My Everest and is their first release through Fueled by Ramen. The title is half derived from a quote from the 1998 cult film The Big Lebowski. Vinyl pressings of the album were issued in three colors – Dirt Rust and Leaves. 333 of each were produced.
 Argumentation and Advocacy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Forensic Association edited by Catherine H. Palczewski and John Fritch.
 Mis Canciones Favoritas (En Concierto Acústico) is a 2003 unplugged acoustic performance by Spanish musician Chenoa released as an album and DVD.Recorded in April 2003 in Barcelona it included some of her favorite songs such as: Man in the mirror Respect Chain of fools or Love of my life. It was released on a limited edition of 100000 copies for fans.
 The Little Tamarack River is a river of Minnesota.
 The Great Silence (Il grande silenzio 1968) or The Big Silence is an Italian spaghetti western.The movie features a score by Ennio Morricone and stars Jean-Louis Trintignant as Silence a mute gunfighter with a grudge against bounty hunters assisting a group of outlawed Mormons and a woman trying to avenge her husband (one of the outlaws). They are set against a group of ruthless bounty hunters led by Loco (Klaus Kinski).It is one of Corbucci's better known movies.
 Lerch Tavern is a historic inn and tavern building located at Wernersville Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1797 and is a two-story rectangular limestone building. It is five bays by two bays and measures 32 feet by 42 feet. The raised mansard roof was added about 1870 and replaced an earlier gable roof. The tavern operated into the 1850s after which it was occupied as a private residence.
 Hajia Aishat Ismail was appointed Nigerian Minister of Women Affairs & Youth Development in the first cabinet of President Olusegun Obasanjo holding office between June 1999 and May 2003.Aishat Ismail was a university lecturer and later a Kano State Commissioner.In December 2000 she noted the shifts in Northern society leading to more women entering white collar jobs but also to higher levels of divorce and an increasing tendency for women to retain custody of the children after the divorce rather than leaving them with the father's family.In February 2001 she spoke out against the lack of commitment of delegates to the recently concluded West African Women Association (WAWA) conference.In August 2001 talking of the increase in the spread of Vesicovaginal fistula she warned families of the dangers of child marriage and aaid that in future surgical operations for the disease would free in all hospitals.In March 2002 Ismail welcomed the acquittal of Safiya Hussaini a woman who had been sentenced to death under Sharia law for adultery. 
 Opening Night is a 1977 American drama film written and directed by John Cassavetes and starring Gena Rowlands Ben Gazzara Joan Blondell Paul Stewart Zohra Lampert and Cassavetes.
 Kathleen Passidomo (born May 19 1953) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 106th District which includes eastern Collier County since 2012.Passidomo was born in Jersey City New Jersey and attended Trinity Washington University in Washington D.C. graduating with a Bachelor's degree in 1975 and later graduated from the Stetson University College of Law with a law degree in 1978 after moving to the state of Florida in 1976.
 Self-Constitution (full title: Self-Constitution: Agency Identity and Integrity) is a philosophical book by Christine Korsgaard in which the author sets out to demonstrate how people determine their own actions. A dialogue with Immanuel Kant is sought throughout the book.
 Celithemis is a genus of dragonflies in the Libellulidae family commonly known as Pennants. The genus contains eight species all native to Eastern North America.
 Phyllobrostis is a genus of moths in the family Lyonetiidae.
 The Zhelcha River (Russian: Желча) is a river in Strugo-Krasnensky and Gdovsky Districts in Pskov Oblast Russia a tributary of Lake Peipus. It is 107 kilometres (66 mi) long and the area of its drainage basin is 1220 square kilometres (470 sq mi). It is navigable downstream from the settlement of Yamm.
 Tlayucan is a 1962 Mexican comedy film directed by Luis Alcoriza and based on a novel by Jesús Murciélago Velázquez. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 John Michael Kefalas (born December 26 1954) is a legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado. An educator and lobbyist before first running for the legislature in 2004 Kefalas defeated a Republican incumbent to win election to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Democrat in 2006. Kefalas won election to the State Senate in 2012 and he now represents Senate District 14. In the legislature Kefalas has focused primarily on health care and poverty issues.
 Aakko is an upcoming Tamil comedy drama film directed by Shyam Kumar and produced by Deepan Boopathy and Ratesh Velu. The film features newcomers Geethan Britto and Tulika Gupta in the leading roles with Arjunan and Swaminathan in pivotal roles while Anirudh Ravichander composes the film's music and plays a guest appearance.
 We Died They Remixed is a 2006 remix album of Australian band Architecture in Helsinki's 2005 release In Case We Die. Each track from In Case We Die was remixed with Do the Whirlwind featured twice. Like a Call from their 2003 debut Fingers Crossed is also included.
 The Reality of My Surroundings is the third full-length album by Fishbone released on April 23 1991. It was the first Fishbone album to include former Miles Davis music director John Bigham (guitar keyboards) who joined in 1989 during the Truth and Soul tour.
 Kamianets-Podilskyi Castle (Ukrainian: Кам'янець-Подільська фортеця; Polish: twierdza w Kamieńcu Podolskim; Russian: Каменец-Подольская крепость; Turkish: Kamaniçe Kalesi) is a former Ruthenian-Lithuanian castle and a later three-part Polish fortress located in the historic city of Kamianets-Podilskyi Ukraine in the historic region of Podolia in the western part of the country.
 Knapp Creek is a tributary stream of the Greenbrier River in Pocahontas County West Virginia. Its source is east of the community of Frost on Allegheny Mountain. From its headwaters Knapp Creek slowly flows down through farmland until its confluence with Laurel Creek at Minnehaha Springs. Downstream from the confluence of the two streams Knapp Creek flows through Huntersville.
 The Săliștea River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 Odyssey: The Definitive Collection is a 2003 compilation album of works by Greek electronic composer and artist Vangelis. It includes two unreleased tracks being the opening theme from Cavafy and a new composition called Celtic Dawn. All tracks were remastered.
 Hypsidoris is an extinct genus of catfish classified within its own family Hypsidoridae from the Eocene epoch of North America.Hypsidoris was about 20 centimetres (7.9 in) long and looked similar to the modern catfish also possessing sensitive barbels used to detect prey in murky waters.
 Mount Konocti /kɵˈnɒktaɪ/ is a volcano in Lake County California on the south shore of Clear Lake. At 4305 feet (1312 m) it is the second highest peak in the Clear Lake Volcanic Field which consists of numerous volcanic domes and cones ranging from 10000 to 2.1 million years old. Although it is often described as extinct it is actually classified as High to Very High Threat Potential.
 Punctapinella ambatoana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province).
 5 Deadly Venoms of Brooklyn is a mixtape created by five New York City DJs P.F. Cuttin' Mister Cee Tony Touch DJ Premier and Evil Dee. The mixtape was recorded in 1997 and released by Tape Kingz only on cassette tape. The name of the album is a reference to known kung-fu movie Five Deadly Venoms.On the album there were mixed artists such as: Dr. Dre B-Real Busta Rhymes KRS-One Kool G Rap Mobb Deep Notorious B.I.G. Sunz Of Man Jeru The Damaja and many more.
 Ra's al Helal (Arabic: رأس الهلال‎) is a village on the Mediterranean coast in the Jebel Akhdar foothills in the northeastern region of Cyrenaica Libya. Ra's al Helal (English: 'The Crescent Cape') takes its name from its cape landform which is crescent shaped when viewed from above in the surrounding mountains. The village is in the District of Derna.
 Deh-e Bid (Persian: ده بيد‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Bīd) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Strothe is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Lost Princess is a children's picture book by Celeste and Carmel Buckingham published on October 1 2007 on Divis-Slovakia. Accompanied with illustrations by Georgina Soar the work credited to the both artists has been released as their official debut. The fairy tale includes such literary genre as fantasy featuring also elements of adventure novel and mystery fiction. The main story itself it revolves around friendship love and family determination.
 Pitka (Persian: پيتكا‎ also Romanized as Pītkā; also known as Petkā) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District Babol Kenar District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 251 in 66 families.
 Love Made Visible was the first release by British indie band Delays on Fiction Records. It was due to be released on 5 November 2007 however on Amazon it was released on the 12th.
 Khomeh Olya (Persian: خمه عليا‎ also Romanized as Khomeh Olya and Khomeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Khvomeh-ye Bālā Khomeh Bālā Khomeh-ye Bālā Khowmb-e Bālā and Khumbe Bāla) is a village in Khomeh Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 755 in 149 families.
 Kandaran (Persian: كندران‎ also Romanized as Kandarān; also known as Kantarūn) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District Meymand District Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 109 in 23 families.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District Larijan District Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Trimorphodon is a genus of mildly venomous rear-fanged colubrid snakes. They are commonly known as lyre snakes named after the distinctive V shaped pattern on their head that is said to resemble the shape of a lyre.
 Shib-e Talabad (Persian: شيب تل اباد‎ also Romanized as Shīb-e Talābād) is a village in Javaran Rural District Hanza District Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Iberian nase (Pseudochondrostoma polylepis) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found in Portugal and Spain. Its natural habitats are rivers and intermittent rivers.
 Thadeo Z Teddy Ouano is a former Mayor of Mandaue City- 2007) in The Philippines.On May 2007 election time Dmitri Cortez and Active Banana created this because they are supporting Jonas Cortes the enemy of former mayor Thadeo Ouano In 2004 the justice department initiated an independent probe into why Ouano's administration had not detected and taken action against a Later Ouano was also one of a number of mayors investigated for improper use of funds used for city improvements (specifically decorative lampposts) for an Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) conference held in the area in 2007. 
 Larry Giovando also known formally as Lorenzo Giovando (born March 10 1905) was twice MLA in British Columbia's Legislative Assembly for the Conservative Party of British Columbia for the seat of Nanaimo and the Islands.
 The Minster Church of St Nicholas in Great Yarmouth is the largest parish church in England by floor-surface area. It was founded in 1101 by Herbert de Losinga the first Bishop of Norwich and consecrated in 1119. It is cruciform with a central tower which may preserve a part of the original structure although the form of the church has been changed by a number of alterations. The width of the nave is 26 feet (7.9 m) and the total length of the church is 236 feet (72 m).
 Actual Air is a book of poetry written by David Berman and published by Open City in 1999. A limited hardcover version was published by Drag City in 2003.
 Crime Classification Manual: A Standard System for Investigating and Classifying Violent Crimes (1992) is a text on the classification of violent crimes by John E. Douglas Ann W. Burgess Allen G. Burgess and Robert K. Ressler. The publication is a result of a project by the Federal Bureau of Investigation's National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime.A second edition of the book was published in 2006 and added 155 pages of new information and research.
 Wall of People is the first full length release by Providence Rhode Island band Monty Are I. It is also the first effort the band has released since changing their name from Monty's Fan Club.
 Northern Windows is an album by jazz keyboardist Hampton Hawes recorded for the Prestige label in 1974.
 FabricLive.47 is a 2009 album by Toddla T (Tom Bell). The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series. Bell described the album as sounding as Sheffield sonic stylee – as if a sweaty Sheffield basement was deported to Farringdon for the night.
 Sangram is 1993 Hindi movie directed by Lawrence D'Souza and starring Ajay Devgn Karishma Kapoor Ayesha Jhulka Amrish Puri. Other cast members include Danny Denzongpa Reema Lagoo Asrani Laxmikant Berde Anjana Mumtaz Tej Sapru Vikas Anand Satyendra Kapoor Avtar Gill and Dinesh Hingoo.
 Hampton Comes Alive is a six-disc live album by the American rock band Phish released on November 23 1999 by Elektra Records. It is the band's third live album and the first time complete live Phish concerts were released in their entirety (though fan recordings of most Phish shows are widely circulated). Hampton Comes Alive consists of two full concerts recorded on November 20 and 21 1998 at the Hampton Coliseum in Hampton Virginia.
 Holding Trevor is a 2008 gay American romantic-drama written by and starring Brent Gorski as Trevor and directed by Rosser Goodman.
 Teenagers from Outer Space also known as The Gargon Terror and (in the UK) as The Ray Gun Terror is a 1959 science-fiction film about an extraterrestrial space ship landing on Earth to use it as a farm for its food supply. The crew of the ship includes teenagers two of whom oppose each other in their activities. The independent film was originally distributed by Warner Brothers.
 El Derecho de Nacer is the name of two Mexicans telenovela based on the Cuban radionovela of the same name written by Félix B. Caignet adapted for TV by Fernanda Villeli. The 1981 series was produced by Ernesto Alonso and directed by Raúl Araiza; it consisted of 150 episodes and consolidated Verónica Castro's career after the success of Los Ricos También Lloran.The Best Telenovela of the Year (Premios TVyNovelas 1983)
 Spilargis is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its sole species S. ignicolor occurs in New Guinea. A subspecies S. ignicolor bimaculata is found on the Moluccas.
 Graham Peak at 8867 feet (2703 m) above sea level is the fourth highest peak in the Albion Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in the City of Rocks National Reserve and Cassia County less than 0.2 mi (0.32 km) south of the Sawtooth National Forest border. It is located 5.13 mi (8.26 km) south-southwest of Cache Peak. Forest road 707 lead directly to the summit.
 Clifton is a historic home located at Ednor Montgomery County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story gambrel-roofed brick structure with a lower north wing also with a gambrel roof. Outbuildings on the property include a wood-frame shed and a guest house or cottage.
 Azemia is a satirical novel written by William Thomas Beckford that was first published in 1797. The book parodies what Beckford considered sensationalist writing as well as political issues of the time.
 The Rio Bueno is a river of Jamaica.
 Tebbutt is a lunar crater that is located near the southwestern edge of Mare Crisium. It was formerly designated Picard G before being named by the IAU and lies south of the crater Picard. To the north of Tebbutt but farther east than Picard is the flooded Lick.This crater has a worn and damaged outer rim along its eastern half but the rim is all but nonexistent on the western face being little more than a pair of curved ridges beneath the surface.
 Mollalu (Persian: ملالو‎ also Romanized as Mollālū; also known as Mollālar Mollālor and Māllālār) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District Anguti District Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 459 in 85 families.
 Hutchinson's Silver Spot or Hutchinson's High-flier (Aphnaeus hutchinsonii) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa Botswana Mozambique from Zimbabwe through eastern Africa to Somalia. In South Africa it is found from northern KwaZulu-Natal to Gauteng Mpumalanga and the Limpopo Province.The wingspan is 29.5–33 mm for males and 32–43 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to January with a peak from October to November.
 Odostomia hilgendorfi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Długopole Górne (German:Oberlangenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzylesie within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Międzylesie 23 kilometres (14 mi) south of Kłodzko and 103 kilometres (64 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Naqiabad (Persian: نقي اباد‎ also Romanized as Naqīābād; also known as Taqīābād) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District in the Central District of Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 67 families.
 Untamed is the second album by Heather Myles. Most of its songs were either written or co-written by Myles. It includes such tunes as Cadillac Cowboy Indigo Moon and a cover of the Marty Robbins tune Begging to You.
 Deluxe is the second album from the highly influential Krautrock/Kosmische Musik group Harmonia. Harmonia was formed by the addition of Neu! guitarist Michael Rother to Cluster the duo of Hans-Joachim Roedelius and Dieter Moebius.Deluxe was recorded in June 1975 in Harmonia's studio in Forst Germany. It was first released on the Brain Records label in 1975. It was produced by the band members and legendary Krautrock producer Conny Plank.
 They Made Me a Killer is a 1946 Film noir directed by William C. Thomas and written by Daniel Mainwaring Winston Miller and Kae Salkow based on story by Owen Franes. It stars Barbara Britton and Robert Lowery. The film was made by Pine-Thomas the B-movie unit of Paramount Pictures.
 Smash His Camera is a 2010 documentary film directed by filmmaker Leon Gast about the life and career of paparazzi photographer Ron Galella. The film won the Directing Award Documentary at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival and began a limited U.S. theatrical release on 30 July 2010 through Magnolia Pictures and will be shown on HBO.
 Platyptilia claripicta is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Seychelles.
 Perry E. Thurston Jr. (born January 30 1961) is a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 94th District which includes parts of central Broward County since 2012.
 Forged in Fire is the third studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Anvil.
 Silas Sammis House is a historic home located at Huntington in Suffolk County New York. It consists of a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay shingled section built about 1730 and a larger three-bay 1 1⁄2-story shingled residence built about 1800. The small east wing was the original dwelling. It is an intact example of settlement period architecture in Huntington.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Lago di Ogliastro is an artificial lake in the province of Enna and the province of Catania Sicily Italy. The lake gets its waters from the river Gornalunga.
 Zusidava serratilinea is a moth in the Drepanidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 23-27 mm. Adults are on wing in June July and October.The larvae feed on the leaves of Prunus phaeostica phaeosticta. Mature larvae fix the terminal end of a leaf with silk at the mid-rib to pupate inside.
 Poświętne [pɔɕˈfjɛntnɛ] is a village in Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Poświętne. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Wołomin and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 290.
 The Four Loves is a book by C. S. Lewis which explores the nature of love from a Christian and philosophical perspective through thought experiments.The book was based on a set of radio talks from 1958 criticised in the US at the time for their frankness about sex.
 Grand Lake is a lake in central New Brunswick Canada approximately 40 kilometres east of Fredericton; and the province's largest freshwater lake. The lake drains through the Jemseg River and the Grand Lake Meadows into the Saint John River.The lake is popular for recreation with locals with several beaches and cottages on its shores.Commercial barges of forest products were towed across the lake from a large sawmill in Chipman to a pulp mill in Saint John until the late 1990s.
 The Hotarul River is a tributary of the Ghindăoani River in Romania.
 Kondapalli Raja (Telugu: కొండపల్లి రాజా) is a 1993 Tollywood film and remake of Tamil film Annamalai directed by Ravi Raja Pinisetty and produced by K V V Satyanarayana. Venkatesh Nagma and Suman played the lead roles.
 Van Bergen House is a historic home located at New Baltimore in Greene County New York. It was built about 1786 (expanded about 1820) and is a two story four by five bay subblestone residence with a slate-clad hipped roof. It was restored in the mid-20th century. Also on the property is a smoke house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Things We Lost in the Fire is a 2007 drama film directed by Susanne Bier and written by Allan Loeb and starring Halle Berry and Benicio del Toro. The film was released in the United States and Canada on October 19 2007 and in the United Kingdom on February 1 2008.
 Carry the Banner is the debut studio album by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder. It was originally released on 10-inch vinyl in December 1994 through Too Many Records. The album was re-released on CD through Lookout! Records in 1995. Carry the Banner was the group's first release to feature Jason White on guitar replacing Mike Kirsch whom left the band in 1994. The album was re-released on vinyl and CD through Recess Records on February 12 2010.
 The Valea lui Foale River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 Ma'am May We Go Out? is a 1985 Philippine comedy film produced by Viva Films. It starred Filipino comedians Tito Sotto Vic Sotto and Joey de Leon.
 The Hon. Steven Ernest Linares is a Gibraltarian teacher trade unionist barrister and politician affiliated to the Gibraltar Liberal Party (GLP). He is an MP at the Gibraltar Parliament and as of December 2011 formed part of the Government of Gibraltar as Minister for Sport Culture Heritage & Youth.
 Nebria arcensis is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.
 Bon Zard (Persian: بن زرد‎) is a village in Marz Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 12 families.
 Kuršiai is a village in Valkininkų (lt) (Valkininkai) eldership Varėna district municipality Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village had a population of 93 people. As of the 2011 Census the population was 54.
 Harar-e Kalgah-e Shiraz (Persian: حراركلگاه شيراز‎ also Romanized as Ḩarār-e Kalgāh-e Shīrāz; also known as Ḩarāreh Kalgāh-e Shīrāz) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 7 families.
 Congregation Ahavath Beth Israel is a synagogue in Boise Idaho. Its 1896 building is thought to be the oldest synagogue building in continuous use in the United States west of the Mississippi River. The congregation is affiliated with the Union for Reform Judaism.
 The Keeley Creek is a river of Minnesota. It empties into Birch Lake in the Bear Island State Forest in St. Louis County Minnesota.
 Déjà Vu is the sixth album of Blue System. Was published in 1991 by BMG Ariola and produced by Dieter Bohlen. The album contains 10 new tracks.
 Xanthorhoe anaspila is a species of moth of the Geometridae family.
 Hard Reyne is the second solo album by Australian singer/songwriter James Reyne released in 1989.
 Philip N. Carney was an American politician from Lynn Massachusetts who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
 Opisthencentrus dentipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Opisthencentrus.
 '48 is a 1996 alternate history horror novel by British horror author James Herbert.
 The Scocul Ursului River is a tributary of the Valea Gardului River in Romania.
 Liz O'Donnell (born 1 July 1956) is a former Irish Progressive Democrats politician who represented Dublin South as a Teachta Dála (TD) from 1992 to 2007.
 For the 1961 film see All in a Night's Work (film).All in a Night's Work is the ninth studio album by the funk and disco group KC and the Sunshine Band. The album was produced by Harry Wayne Casey and Richard Finch and was released in August 1982 on the Epic label.
 Moses Nadenbousch House also known as Red Hill and Woodside Farm is a historic home located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1885 and is a 2 1⁄2-story five bay I-house wood frame dwelling with Italianate-style details. It is set on a limestone foundation and has an intersecting gable roof. Also on the property is a shed large bank barn (1903) and garage.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Bell Tower is an office tower in Edmonton Alberta Canada completed in 1982. The tower comprises 31 storeys and stands 130 metres (426 ft) tall. It was formerly known as the Canadian Commercial Bank Tower was the headquarters of the Canadian Commercial Bank before that bank failed in 1985. Current tenants include Bell Canada Meyers Norris Penny and Bishop & McKenzie LLP.
 First Flight: Maiden Voyages in Space and Time is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Damon Knight first published in paperback by Lancer Books in August 1963. It is a compilation of the first published stories of ten prominent authors in the genre. It was reprinted in November 1966 and reissued as Now Begins Tomorrow in November 1969 by the same publisher.
 The Sarawak pygmy swellshark (Cephaloscyllium sarawakensis) is a species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae found in the benthic zone near the edge of the Pacific continental shelf at depths of 118–165 m.
 The Canterbury Society of Arts Gallery was an art gallery in the central city of Christchurch New Zealand. It consisted of two buildings built in the late 1800s. The buildings were demolished in 2012 due to damage from the Canterbury earthquakes.Benjamin Mountfort designed the first building in 1890 costing a total of £1229. It consisted of a large gallery and some smaller rooms one that was meant for use as a library.A second building designed by Richard Harman was completed in 1894.
 A Time to Heal is a 1994 TV movie starring Nicollette Sheridan Gary Cole and Mara Wilson.
 The chigoe flea or jigger (Tunga penetrans) is a parasitic arthropod found in most tropical and sub-tropical climates not to be confused with the larval form of Trombiculidae (called chiggers) found in more temperate climates. It is native to Central and South America and has been inadvertently introduced by humans to sub-Saharan Africa. At 1 mm long the chigoe flea is the smallest known flea.
 The Vlădiceni River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 The Journey is a CD/DVD by 2006 Australian Idol runner-up Jessica Mauboy. It contains recordings of all her live performances from her time in the top- 12 on Idol. It was released on 24 February 2007 in Australia reached number 4 on the ARIA Albums Chart and gained a gold accreditation.
 Maurice Eugène Auguste Count Lippens (21 August 1875 – 12 July 1956) was governor of Belgian Congo from 30 January 1921 until 24 January 1923.When his predecessor retired as Governor of Congo the Belgian Cabinet departed from precedent by choosing on 30 January 1921 as the new governor-general a man without previous colonial experience Maurice Lippens who was the governor of the Belgian province of East Flanders.
 Amphigenes is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Wolfgang Pass (el. 1631 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.It connects Klosters and Davos with Davos being almost level with the pass.
 Som Parkash is a politician in India and belongs to the ruling Bharatiya Janta Party. He is a member of Punjab Legislative Assembly and represent Phagwara. He is also a former deputy commissioner of Jalandhar.
 Hot House is an album by Steve Lacy and Mal Waldron released on the RCA Novus label in 1991. It features duo performances of tunes written by Herbie Nichols Tadd Dameron Bud Powell Thelonious Monk. Sidney Bechet Duke Ellington along with two compositions by Waldron and one by Lacy.
 Staircase House is a Grade II* listed medieval building dating from around 1460 situated in Stockport historically in Cheshire now within Greater Manchester England.
 Wilby Wonderful is a 2004 film by Daniel MacIvor. The film is a comedic drama about 24 hours in the life of the small town of Wilby where the municipal festival is in preparation. It focuses on the changes occurring in the lives of several different inhabitants as development comes to the island and threatens to change the world around them.
 The Varnițele River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
 Green Leaves historically the Koontz House is a Greek Revival mansion in Natchez Mississippi constructed in 1838 by Edward P. Fourniquet a French lawyer who built other structures in the area. It was purchased by George Washington Koontz a local banker in 1849 and has been owned by his descendants ever since. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on March 29 1979.The house is best recognized for its preserved family memorabilia and furnishings.
 Mahishwadgi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 They're All Gonna Laugh at You! is the debut album by American comedian Adam Sandler released in 1993. The title comes from a repeated line in the track Oh Mom... which is itself a parody of a scene in the film Carrie. Several of the tracks on the album feature very adult humor a departure from the material in his films which are generally rated PG-13. This is a trend that would continue on his subsequent comedy albums and live tours.
 The Alberche is a river in the provinces of Ávila Madrid and Toledo central Spain. It begins its course at 1800 m in Fuente Alberche San Martín de la Vega del Alberche municipal term Ávila Province. It forms the natural division between the Sierra de Gredos and the Sierra de Guadarrama in the Sistema Central.The Alberche flows roughly from NW to SE and bends sharply midway in its course to flow from NE to SW. It meets the Tagus at Talavera de la Reina.
 The Methodist Central Hall 196-224 Corporation Street Birmingham England is a three storey red brick and terracotta Grade II* listed building with a distinctive tower at the northern end of Corporation Street opposite the Victoria Law Courts.
 Lake Toplitz (German: Toplitzsee) is a lake situated in a dense mountain forest high up in the Austrian Alps 98 km (61 mi) from Salzburg in western Austria. It is surrounded by cliffs and forests in the Salzkammergut lake district within the Totes Gebirge (dead mountains). The Toplitzsee water contains no oxygen below a depth of 20m.
 Orthomecyna albicaudata is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Lanai.
 Cratacanthus dubius is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Cratacanthus.
 Calero Reservoir is an artificial lake in the Santa Teresa Hills south of San Jose California U.S.A..The lake is formed by Calero Dam built in 1935 across Calero Creek. Its waters reach the San Francisco Bay by way of Los Alamitos Creek and the Guadalupe River.A 4455-acre county park surrounds the reservoir and provides fishing (catch-and-release) picnicking and hiking activities. Boating water-skiing and jet-skiing are permitted in the reservoir.
 Otro Nivel De Música is the third studio album released by reggaetón artist J Alvarez on September 20 2011 through Universal Music Latino. The tracks were produced by reggaetón producer DJ Nelson.
 Galianeh-ye Ali Baqer (Persian: گليانه علي باقر‎ also Romanized as Galīāneh-ye ‘Alī Bāqer; also known as Galīāneh Galyāneh and Kalīāneh-ye ‘Alī Bāqer) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 516 in 111 families.
 IRC Morton Hall is an Immigration Removal Centre located in the village of Morton Hall (near Lincoln) in Lincolnshire England. The centre is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and was previously a women's prison.
 Bernabé Piedrabuena (died 1841) was an Argentine soldier and politician who was Governor of Tucumán Province from 1838 to 1840.
 Cyana nyasica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1918. It is found in Malawi.
 Motala ström is the river system that drains lake Vättern the second largest lake in Sweden into the Baltic Sea in Norrköping. It is named from the city Motala where it begins. In the early 19th century the Göta Canal was constructed in parallel with Motala ström.
 The Surinam cockroach or greenhouse cockroach (Pycnoscelus surinamensis) is a species of burrowing cockroach. It is a common plant pest endemic to the Indomalayan region that has spread to tropical and into subtropical regions around the world and in isolated populations to temperate climates where protective habitat such as greenhouses provide shelter for individuals inadvertently shipped in the soil of plants.
 Suite for the Seven Mountains (released April 15 2008 in UK by the label Edition Records – CALI074CD) is the debut album of the Norwegian saxophonist Marius Neset and his «People Are Machines».
 The Carver Trilogy is Sue Harrison's dealing with the prehistoric Aleut tribes. The trilogy includes Mother Earth Father Sky (1990) My Sister the Moon (1992) andBrother Wind (1994).
 Oonops mahnerti is a spider species found in Greece.
 St. Philip's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 317 E. Main Street in Brevard North Carolina.It was built in 1926 and added to the National Register in 1997.
 Mõisaaseme is a village in Rapla Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Ethmia volcanella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found in Mexico and Guatemala.The length of the forewings is 8.7-11.2 mm. The ground color of the forewings is gray with a distinct white spur at the end of the cell and marked with black. The ground color of the hindwings is pale pink brightest in the anal area and becoming paler distally. The apical area is dark brownish.
 Kings Hill Pass is part of the Kings Hill Scenic Byway which passes through the Little Belt Mountains in the Lewis and Clark National Forest in Montana United States. The route is home to a wide variety of wildlife and provides many recreational opportunities for travelers on the route. The Byway is a 71-mile route that begins on US Highway 89 at its junction with US Highway 12.
 Lophopleurella capensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Oxynoidae.Lophopleurella capensis is the only species in the genus Lophopleurella.The specific name capensis is from the Latin language meaning of the Cape i.e. from the Cape Province.
 The Little Willow River is a 26.2-mile-long (42.2 km) tributary of the Mississippi River in northern Minnesota United States. It rises in western Aitkin County at the outlet of Esquagamah Lake and flows generally south to its junction with the Mississippi River 3 miles (5 km) northwest of Aitkin.
 Zilker Metropolitan Park is a recreational area in the heart of south Austin (near Barton Springs Pool and Lady Bird Lake) that comprises over 350 acres (142 ha) of publicly owned land. It is named after its benefactor Andrew Jackson Zilker who donated the land to the city in 1917. It was developed into the park during the Great Depression in the 1930s.
 Peter Stephen Wilenski AC (10 May 1939 – 3 November 1994) was a senior Australian public servant and ambassador. He was a champion of women's rights and equal opportunity.
 The Red Pony is an episodic novella written by American writer John Steinbeck in 1933. The first three chapters were published in magazines from 1933–1936 and the full book was published in 1937 by Covici Friede. The stories in the book are tales of a boy named Jody Tiflin. The book has four different stories about Jody and his life on his father's California ranch. Other main characters include Carl Tiflin - Jody's father; Billy Buck - an expert in horses and a working hand on the ranch; Mrs.
 Niver Sofla (Persian: نيورسفلي‎ also Romanized as Nīver Soflá) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District Hir District Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sergei Dmitrievich Stanishev (Bulgarian: Сергей Дмитриевич Станишев born May 5 1966) is a Bulgarian politician who has been the leader of the Bulgarian Socialist Party (BSP) since 2001 and the leader of the Party of European Socialists the second-largest party in the European Parliament since 2011. He was Prime Minister of Bulgaria from 2005 to 2009.
 Degrees of Connection is a 2004 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the 20th and last entry in the Scobie Malone series. Cleary decided to stop writing crime novels because he felt he was getting stale.
 Chris Rothfuss (born October 21 1972) is a Democratic member of the Wyoming Senate representing the 9th District which is based in Albany County since 2011.
 Patrick Jay Hurley (January 8 1883 Choctaw Nation Indian Territory — July 30 1963 Santa Fe New Mexico) was a highly decorated American soldier with the rank of Major General statesman and diplomat.He has since been known as 赫爾利 hè ěr lì in China a phonetic rendering of his last name into Chinese.
 A Cure for Cancer is a novel by British fantasy and science fiction writer Michael Moorcock [1]. It is part of his long-running Jerry Cornelius series [2].The second novel of the sequence [3] is essentially a collage of absurdist vignettes many of which first appeared in an eclectic range of British and American magazines. The lurid blurb of the original edition [4] sets the scene in graphic terms: Up from the ocean depths comes the jet-black caucasian transvestite champion.
 Lawrence Wong (simplified Chinese: 黄循财; traditional Chinese: 黃循財; pinyin: Huáng Xúncái; born 18 December 1972) is a Singaporean politician. A member of the governing People's Action Party (PAP) he is currently the Minister Ministry of Culture Community and Youth and 2nd Minister Ministry of Communications and Information.
 Gábor Cserna (born October 27 1969) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fejér County Regional List since 2011. He was already Member of the Parliament from 2002 to 2006. He is the current Mayor of Dunaújváros since October 2010.
 Anahita Ratebzad (born 1930) is a female Afghan Marxist and former member of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan and the Revolutionary Council.Ratebzad was deputy head of state in the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan (PDPA) government from 1980 to 1986. She was the first Afghan woman to play an active role in government and one of the few Afghan women to become a medical doctor. Born in Guldara in Kabul province Ratebzad attended the Malalai Lycée in Kabul.
 For the film see Ten Days' Wonder (film)Ten Days' Wonder is a novel that was published in 1948 by Ellery Queen. It is a mystery novel primarily set in the imaginary town of Wrightsville USA.
 Callawayia is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur. It contains the species Callawayia neoscapularis and C. altispinus.
 Puigsacalm Xic is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1490 metres above sea level.
 The Corbu River is a tributary of the Preluci River in Romania.
 Laurent Lessard (born October 28 1962 in Thetford Mines Quebec) is a politician and notary in Quebec Canada. He is the current Member of the National Assembly for the provincial riding of Frontenac in Central Quebec south of Quebec City. Member of the Quebec Liberal Party he is the current Minister of Municipal Affairs and Regions and Land Occupancy.
 The Georgetown Hospital is a community hospital located in the Georgetown area of Halton Hills Ontario. It is part of the Halton Healthcare Services group of hospitals. Built on 17 acres (69000 m2) of land it opened in 1961 to serve Halton Region but today it serves the communities of Peel Region also.
 Orlando Premium Outlets-International Drive (formerly Prime Outlets-Orlando) is an outdoor outlet mall in Orlando Florida United States along the northern end of International Drive.
 K.S.R Murthy was a member of the 11th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Amalapuram constituency of Andhra Pradesh and was a member of the Indian National Congress. He was in Prajarajyam party for some time and later resigned from the Party to join congress again. Prior to entering politics he served in Indian Administrative Service and rose to the level of secretary to Government of India.
 Catcleugh Reservoir is a reservoir in Northumberland England adjacent to the A68 road; just north of Byrness; and to the south of the border with Scotland.
 The H. Langford Warren House is an historic house at 6 Garden Terrace in Cambridge Massachusetts.H. Langford Warren (1857–1917) both client and architect for this house was an important figure in the Arts and Crafts movement in Boston and one of the 24 founding members of the Society of Arts and Crafts in June 1897. (Some sources erroneously refer to him as Lanford H. Warren.)The house was built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Keishichō Tokuhanka 007 (警視庁特犯課007 lit.  Metropolitan Police Department Special Offenses 007) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kaji Eiri. It began its serialization on October 2006 in the magazine Ichiraci. The manga ended with a total of 11 volumes.
 The Ogre Downstairs is a 1974 fantasy novel for children. It is British author Diana Wynne Jones' third published novel.
 Clarendon Methodist-Episcopal Church South is a historic church at 121 Third Street in Clarendon Arkansas.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Time After Time is a 1992 compilation album by Crumbächer.
 Seyyed Kalam Sar (Persian: سيدكلامسر‎ also Romanized as Seyyed Kalām Sar and Seyyed Kolāmsar) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Kelardasht District Chalus County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 7 families.
 Marshallena nierstraszi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Cathedral of the Holy Great-Martyr George (Serbian: Саборни храм Светог великомученика Георгија / Saborni hram Svetog velikomučenika Georgija locally known as Saborna crkva) is the seat of the Serbian Orthodox Eparchy of Bačka located in Novi Sad northern Serbia. The present-day church was completed in 1905 on the ruins of a church built in 1734 that was destroyed in 1849. It is located next to the eparchy offices in Bishop's Palace in Nikola Pašić Street.
 The Spirit Ring is a fantasy novel by Lois McMaster Bujold published in 1992.
 Nagina Masjid (meaning 'Jewel Mosque') is a mosque in Champaner Gujarat state western India. It was built during the time of Mahmud Begada in the 15th century as were several other masjids such as the Kevada Bawaman Ek Minar Jama Khajuri and Shahar Ki. It has minarets globe-like domes and narrow stairs. It is part of the Champaner-Pavagadh Archaeological Park a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
 Diwangi Ne Had Kar Di is a 2010 Hindi romance film/thriller film directed by Jiten Purohit and produced by himself under the banner of Asheema Creations. The film was released on November 19 2010.
 The San Dieguito River is a major river in Southern California USA. Its headwaters rise on the southern slope of the Volcan Mountains in San Diego County and the river flows generally southwest for 23.8 miles (38.3 km) draining 346 square miles (900 km2) before emptying into the Pacific Ocean 20 miles (32 km) north of San Diego.
 Ball Four is a book written by former Major League Baseball pitcher Jim Bouton in 1970. The book is a diary of Bouton's 1969 season spent with the Seattle Pilots (during the club's only year in existence) and then the Houston Astros following a late-season trade. In it Bouton also recounts much of his baseball career spent mainly with the New York Yankees.
 Tugaske is a Martian impact crater approximately 31 kilometres in diameter. It is located at 32.1°S 101.2°W south of the crater Dinorwic and southeast of the crater Virrat. It is named after a town in Saskatchewan Canada and its name was approved by the International Astronomical Union in 1991. According to a surface age map of Mars based on US Geological Survey data the area around Tugaske is from the Noachian epoch which places the area's age at 3.8 to 3.5 billion years ago.
 Un Kannil Neer Vazhindal is a 1985 Tamil film is directed by Balu Mahendra. It stars Rajinikanth and Madhavi in the lead with Y. Gee. Mahendra in a prominent role. Rajinikanth plays the role of a police officer and Madhavi as his wife. Rajini succeeded at the box office.
 Zeid Ibn Shaker GBE CVO (4 September 1934 - 30 August 2002) (Arabic: الامير زيد بن شاكر‎) served as commander in chief of the Jordanian Military for more than twelve years and Prime Minister of Jordan three times. King Hussein awarded him the non-hereditary title Prince on 4 February 1996.Field Marshal General of the Army Sharif Zaid ibn Shakir was a cousin of King Hussein. He joined the military and served with the future King Hussein.
 Jo's Boys and How They Turned Out: A Sequel to Little Men is a novel by American author Louisa May Alcott first published in 1886. The novel is the final book in the unofficial Little Women series. In it Jo's children now grown are caught up in real world troubles.It is also the only Alcott novel that has not had a movie adaption.
 The Encyclopedia of New York City is a comprehensive reference book on New York City New York. Historian and Columbia University professor Kenneth T.
 Francisco Raul Quico Canseco (born July 30 1949) is an attorney businessman and former U.S. Representative for Texas's 23rd congressional district. He is a member of the Republican Party.
 Majevica (Мајевица pronounced [mâjɛv̞it͡sa]) is a low mountain range in Republika Srpska north-eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is situated between Semberija Posavina and Tuzla Canton.Its highest peak is Stolice some 10 miles east of Tuzla in the far southeastern part of the range. The north-eastern part of the range is located in the Republic of Srpska while most of it is located in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Walls Lake is a lake of Shelburne District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The John Frank House was built in 1955 in Sapulpa Oklahoma United States. It was designed by architect Bruce Goff. It was designed for John Frank founder of Frankoma Pottery. It was specifically designed to showcase the Frank’s love for pottery. John and Grace Lee Frank glazed and fired the ceramic tiles located throughout the house.The home is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is available for the public to visit upon request.
 Kranti is a 2002 Bollywood film directed by Naresh Malhotra. It stars Vinod Khanna Bobby Deol Ameesha Patel Rati Agnihotri Kabir Bedi and Dalip Tahil.
 What's Come Inside of You is the third album by American electronic music group Freescha released May 6 2003 on AttackNine Records. It focuses on sexual themes with most of the songs either having a sexual connotation or pornography samples embedded within the music. In addition to this the two songs Feel Back and Come Good complement each other and switching the two words produces the phrases Come Back and Feel Good perhaps referring to feelings of abandonment after sex.
 The Rosy Footman (Miltochrista miniata) is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in the temperate parts of the Palearctic ecozone.The wingspan is 23–27 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.The caterpillars feed on Lichen.
 Borki [ˈbɔrki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczów within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Tczów 10 km (6 mi) west of Zwoleń and 102 km (63 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Slaves of the Shinar is a historical fantasy novel that was written by Justin Allen and published in 2006. The book explores the early lives and origins of characters and peoples to be found in middle eastern myths and religious texts especially the Biblical Book of Genesis and the Epic of Gilgamesh. Included from Genesis are depictions of the Nephilim (called Niphilim in the book) Jared (grandfather of Methuselah) Lamech (father of Noah) and Adah (wife of Lamech).
 Parker 13-Sided Barn is an officially registered historic barn nestled in the lovely hamlet of Jefferson in Schoharie County New York. It is located on State Route 10 between Harpersfield and Stamford. The barn has a long and colorful history built in 1896 and one of only two 13-sided barns listed in the National Register of Historic Places in this area of New York state.The Parker Barn is a three story structure 60 feet in diameter and was built by Mr.Richtmyer Hubbell over a century ago.
 Donald William Cameron (born May 20 1946) was the 22nd Premier of Nova Scotia Canada from February 1991 to June 1993.His administration was known for a smaller cabinet supporting anti-discrimination measures and amending the human rights act to extend protection to gays and lesbians. His government also privatized Nova Scotia Power Incorporated the largest privatization move in Canada at the time.
 Lynn Jenkins (born June 10 1963) is the U.S. Representative for Kansas's 2nd congressional district serving since 2009. She is a member of the Republican Party. As of the 113th Congress she is the senior member of Kansas' House delegation and the Vice Chair of the House Republican Conference.
 Mount Brown (8565 feet (2611 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.It was named for William Brown of Chicago then Solicitor General for the Chicago and Alton Railroad by some members of his party on a camping and fishing trip to the area around Lake McDonald in 1894. The companions Charles H. Russell (not the artist) and Frank A. Johnson climbed this mountain that arose back of their camp and so named it.
 Roztoka [rɔsˈtɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 104.
 The Green-headed Hillstar Oreotrochilus estella stolzmanni is a species of hummingbird found in the Andes in far southern Ecuador and northern and central Peru in alpine grassland and scrub at altitudes of 3600 to 4200 metres (11800 to 13800 ft).
 Lyne Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It is about 4300 metres (14108 ft) long and 900 metres (2953 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 295 metres (968 ft). The primary inflows are the Whitesand River flowing downstream from Hornblende Lake as well as Ross Creek and the outflow is the Whitesand River downstream to the river's mouth at Whitesand Lake.
 The Humor River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Ishaara is a 1943 Indian Bollywood film. It was the tenth highest grossing Indian film of 1943.
 Electric Dreams is a 1984 British-American science fiction romantic comedy-drama film set in San Francisco California that depicts a love triangle between a man a woman and a home computer. It stars Lenny Von Dohlen Virginia Madsen and the voice of Bud Cort and was directed by Steve Barron. It was the first film released by the Virgin Films production company. The film's credits dedicate it to the memory of UNIVAC I.
 The Array Operations Center (AOC) in Socorro New Mexico is the control and monitor center for the Very Long Baseline Array. From the AOC National Radio Astronomy Observatory operators are able to remotely control and monitor the ten VLBA telescope stations over the internet. The operators aim the antennas select radio frequencies for observation control the hard drives and monitor the weather and 'health' of the equipment at every site.
 Drakas! is an anthology in S.M. Stirling's alternate history series The Domination.
 Barnyard (also known as Barnyard: The Original Party Animals) is a 2006 American computer-animated family comedy film produced by Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon Movies directed by Steve Oedekerk (who was also the principal screenwriter) and produced by Steve Oedekerk and Paul Marshal. It was released on August 4 2006.The film stars the voices of Kevin James David Koechner Sam Elliott Courteney Cox Danny Glover and Jeff Garcia.
 The Senator Hotel (officially Hotel Senator) (1924–1979) was a nine-story 400-room Italian Renaissance-style hotel in Sacramento California located at 12th and L streets across from the California State Capitol building that served as a nexus of California political and social activity for more than 50 years.
 The Pennsylvania State University Creamery often shortened to just Berkey Creamery or The Creamery is a producer and vendor of ice cream sherbet and cheese all made through the Department of Food Science in the College of Agricultural Sciences of the Pennsylvania State University.
 The U.S. Post Office-Manchester Main also known as Manchester Main Post Office is a building in Manchester Connecticut that was built in 1931. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It includes Colonial Revival Classical Revival and Georgian Revival architecture.It has a unique design prompted by difficulties of its location credited to United States Supervising Architect James Wetmore. It was built by Pieretti Brothers contractors.
 Huluganga is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Sloan's Lake is a body of water park and neighborhood in Denver Colorado US. The neighborhood is located on the northwest side of Denver. The lake is the central feature of Sloan's Lake Park which is managed by the Parks and Recreation division of the City and County of Denver.
 The Church of St John the Baptist in Hatch Beauchamp Somerset England was built in the Norman period and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The church has a crenellated 3-stage tower from about 1500. It displays crocketed pinnacles a pierced parapet with quatrefoils and arcades in the merlons and gargoyles. The church has diagonal buttresses to support the tower whereas in other churches angle buttresses are the norm.
 Joseph Sewall (December 17 1921 – November 23 2011) was an American politician and businessperson. He served four terms as President of the Maine Senate (1975–1982) which made him the longest serving President in Maine history.Sewall was born in Old Town Maine son of James Wingate Sewall and Louise Gray Sewall in the home that his great grandfather and Speaker of the Maine House of Representatives George P. Sewall built between c.1835 and 1851.
 Plagerepne is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family. It has been listed as a genus in the Noctuidae and Pyralidae by other authors.
 Bretton Hall is a country house in West Bretton near Wakefield West Yorkshire England. It housed Bretton Hall College from 1949 until 2001 and was a campus of the University of Leeds (2001–2007). It is a Grade II* listed building.
 See How They Run is a 1955 British comedy film directed by Leslie Arliss and starring Ronald Shiner as Wally Winton.
 His Way is a 2011 television documentary film about Jerry Weintraub an American film producer and former chairman and CEO of United Artists. It was directed by Douglas McGrath. It features interviews with Weintraub Jane Morgan George H. W. Bush Barbara Bush George Clooney Brad Pitt Julia Roberts Elliott Gould Ellen Barkin James Caan Matt Damon and Bruce Willis.
 First Presbyterian Church is an historic Presbyterian church building on at 100 West Bridge Street in Wetumpka Alabama. The structure was built in 1856 in a Gothic Revival style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Lake Pflugerville is a reservoir in Pflugerville Texas in the United States. Construction of the 180-acre reservoir began in 2005 and was completed in 2006. Pumps are used to flow water through a 16-mile pipeline to the reservoir from the lower Colorado River. Its main purpose is to provide water to area residents.Recreation activities also surround the reservoir. Amenities include a 3 mi (4.8 km)-long granite hike and bike trail and fishing piers.
 Youth is a 2001 Indian Telugu romance film written and directed by Jitendra. The film stars Vikram and Sri Harsha in the lead roles who plays his love interest.
 Darbast (Persian: داربست‎ also Romanized as Dārbast) is a village in Jakdan Rural District in the Central District of Bashagard County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 41 families.
 The Ugly Dachshund is a 1966 Walt Disney Productions feature film starring Dean Jones and Suzanne Pleshette in a story about a Great Dane who believes he's a dachshund. Based on a 1938 novel by Gladys Bronwyn Stern the film was written by Albert Aley and directed by Norman Tokar. The Ugly Dachshund was one of several light-hearted comedies produced by the Disney Studios during the 1960s.
 Ras Mengesha Seyoum Prince of Tigray (Ge'ez: ራስ መንገሻ ሰዩም) GCVO (born 7 December 1927 ) is a member of the imperial family of the Ethiopian Empire. In 1974 the monarchy was abolished by the Derg a communist military junta.
 Prayashchit is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Kamal Majumdar.
 Marie-Claude Nichols is a Canadian politician in Quebec who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2014 election. She represents the electoral district of Vaudreuil as a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.Prior to her election to the legislature Nichols was the mayor of Notre-Dame-de-l'Île-Perrot.
 Randy Lew Ewing (born February 10 1944) is a timberbusinessman from Jackson Parish who as a Democrat represented District 35 (Jackson Lincoln Union and part of Ouachita parishes) in the Louisiana State Senate from 1988 to 2000. He was the State Senate President in his last term from 1996 to 2000 which corresponded with the first term of Republican Governor Murphy J. Mike Foster Jr.
 Chyornaya Turka (Russian: Чёрная Турка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Turka River which in turn is a tributary of Iren River. The length of the river is 18 km.
 Poor Tom Is Cold is 2004 made for TV film starring Peter Outerbridge Colm Meaney Keeley Hawes and Flora Montgomery. The second film to feature the character of William Murdoch and his unique ways of doing detective work the film is based on the novel by Maureen Jennings of the same name and was directed by Michael DeCarlo from a screenplay by Janet Maclean.
 The Hon Edward David Joseph Lyon-Dalberg-Acton FRHistS (born 4 February 1949) is a British academic and current Vice-Chancellor of the University of East Anglia.Born in Zimbabwe Edward Acton is the 4th son of John Lyon-Dalberg-Acton 3rd Baron Acton and great-grandson of the historian John Dalberg-Acton 1st Baron Acton. He was educated at St George's College Harare the University of York (BA) and at St Edmund's College Cambridge (PhD).
 Ghost in the Machine (also known as Deadly Terror) is a 1993 American horror/science fiction film directed by Rachel Talalay and released by 20th Century Fox.
 Qaleh Kuh Khosrow (Persian: قلعه كوه خسرو‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Kūh Khosrow) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 12 families.
 Ichor is The Black League's first full-length album released in 2000 by Spinefarm Records. A music video was made of the song Winter Winds Sing. The limited 2LP version of Ichor includes two bonus tracks: The Everlasting Pt. III and Pain Without A Name of which the former was later re-recorded for the Doomsday Sun EP.
 The Grand Ditch also known as the Grand River Ditch and originally known as the North Grand River Ditch is a water diversion project in the Never Summer Mountains in northern Colorado (United States). It is 14.3 miles (23.0 km) long 20 feet (6.1 m) wide and 3 feet (0.91 m) deep on average.
 A Surprising Burst Of Chocolaty Fudge is another Slave Pit video released by Gwar. Documenting their 1997 Hell-oween tour this video contains the only official release of their cover of The Mentors Golden Showers.
 St. Mary's Episcopal Church and Cemetery located at 258 Concord Street in the village of Newton Lower Falls Newton Massachusetts were added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 14 1980. St. Mary's Parish was formed in 1811 and its Gothic Revival/Federal style meeting house built in 1814 is the oldest surviving church building in the city of Newton as well as the first built in what are today Boston's western suburbs.
 Pure Imagination is a 1998 album by jazz pianist Eric Reed released through Impulse! Records. This album contains reinterpretations (remakes) of traditional pop songs from classic Broadway and Hollywood productions such as Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory Porgy and Bess A Little Night Music among others. Pure Imagination has peaked at #8 on Billboard's Top Jazz Album charts.
 Sanatorium Under the Sign of the Hourglass is an album by the Cracow Klezmer Band performing compositions written by John Zorn in tribute to the Polish writer Bruno Schultz.
 Mosquito Creek about 60 mi. (97 km) long is a tributary of the Missouri River in southwest Iowa in the United States. It rises near Earling in Shelby County and flows in a generally southwesterly direction meeting the Missouri approximately 5 mi. (8 km) downstream of Council Bluffs.
 Blue Hawaii is the fifth studio album by Filipino singer-actress Nora Aunor released in 1971 and 14th album since 1967. This was by Alpha Records Corporation in the Philippines in LP format and later released in 1999 in a compilation/ cd format.
 The Atlantic lizardfish (Synodus saurus) is a species of lizardfish that primarily lives in the Eastern Atlantic.
 Marriott’s Grand Chateau a Marriott Vacation Club resort is located just off the Las Vegas Strip and sits between the Planet Hollywood and MGM Grand hotels. Marriott’s Grand Chateau consists of four 38-story towers consisting of 256 one-bedroom 511 two-bedroom and 128 three-bedroom villas totaling 895 two- and three-bedroom villas. It is currently tied as the 35th tallest building in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers.
 Welcome to Howdywood is the debut album of the American country music band Boy Howdy. It was released in 1992 via Curb Records. The album includes the singles Our Love Was Meant to Be and A Cowboy's Born with a Broken Heart which respectively reached #43 and #12 on Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs).
 Comanche Station is a 1960 American CinemaScope western film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Randolph Scott Nancy Gates and Claude Akins. The film was the last of Boetticher's late 1950s Ranown Cycle.
 Family Album also known as Danielle Steel's Family Album is a 1994 television film directed by Jack Bender. The film which was released in two parts is based upon the 1985 novel of the same name written by Danielle Steel. The drama centers on the life chronology of a Hollywood actress who becomes a successful film director in an era where directing was dominated by men.
 Non Stop Rock'n Roll is the third studio album by Norwegian glam metal band Wig Wam. The album was released on January 21 2010 making it the first Wig Wam-album to be released worldwide on the same day.
 Rokeby also known as La Bergerie is a historic estate and federally recognized historic district located at Barrytown in Dutchess County New York. It includes seven contributing buildings and one contributing structures. The original section of the main house was built 1811–1815. It started as a rectangular 2-story structure with a hipped roof topped by a square pyramidal-roofed cupola. It features a Palladian window.
 Regulice [rɛɡuˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Nysa and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Simon Cameron House also known as John Harris Mansion and the Harris Cameron Mansion is a site in Harrisburg Pennsylvania. The structure is one of the oldest buildings in Harrisburg and has undergone numerous additions and significant renovations since it was first constructed in 1766. The house and family items were donated to the Historical Society of Dauphin County in 1941 and is open for tours from April through December.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
 Surrender To The Night is the second album by Trans Am released in 1997.
 Living Enrichment Center (LEC) was a New Thought megachurch and retreat center in the U.S. state of Oregon. Originally founded in the Scholls Oregon farmhouse of senior minister Mary Manin Morrissey in the mid-1970s the church moved to a 94500 square foot (8800 m²) building on a forested area of 95 acres (384000 m²) in Wilsonville in 1992.
 Memoirs is an album by pianist Paul Bley bassist Charlie Haden and drummer Paul Motian recorded in 1990 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 Bloody Tourists was the sixth studio album by 10cc and the second to be produced following the band's 1976 split. It yielded the singles Dreadlock Holiday which reached No.1 in the UK in August 1978 and Reds in My Bed which did not chart. For You and I was issued as a double a-side single with I'm Not in Love in the autumn of 1979 but also didn't chart.
 Vellaiya Thevan is a 1990 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Manoj Kumar starring Ramki and Kanaka in lead roles.
 Dr Kenneth Chan Ka-lok (Chinese: 陳家洛; pinyin: Chén Jiāluò) born 1968 is and has since September 2012 been an elected member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council representing the Hong Kong Island geographical constituency. He was the chairman of the Hong Kong Civic Party. He is an Associate Professor in political science at Hong Kong Baptist University.
 Gohine Shobdo (Bengali: গহীনে শব্দ) is a 2010 Bangladeshi film directed by Khalid Mahmud Mithu.
 Tokyo Journal is an English-language quarterly magazine about Tokyo and Japan which was established in 1981. The international edition of the magazine was published under the title Japan Journal for a time.
 The Docks of New York (1928) is a silent drama film directed by Josef von Sternberg and starring George Bancroft Betty Compson and Olga Baclanova. The movie was adapted by Jules Furthman from the John Monk Saunders story The Dock Walloper.
 For other uses see Sign of the times (disambiguation).Signs of the Times is a monthly subscription magazine published by Signs Publishing Company a Seventh-day Adventist publishing house for Australia and New Zealand. Signs is an easy-to-read magazine for the general public promoting positive relationships and family values a healthful lifestyle and Bible-based Christian belief.Signs is related to the North American magazine of the same title which is published by Pacific Press.
 The Pârâul Repede is a tributary of the Pietrosu River in Romania.
 Reject the Sickness is the first full-length studio album by the New Jersey heavy metal quintet God Forbid. It was recorded at Trax East Studios in South River New Jersey and produced mixed and engineered by Steve Evetts. Cover art was painted by Matt Kimball. It was re-released in 2001 on We Put Out Records. God Forbid owns the master tapes and thus was able to release it themselves outside of their deal with Century Media Records.
 The Journal of Labelled Compounds and Radiopharmaceuticals is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1965. It is published in fourteen issues per year by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the International Isotope Society and covers all aspects of research and development leading to and resulting in labelled compound preparation. The current editor-in-chief is K. M. W. Lawrie (GlaxoSmithKline).
 Kalina [kaˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Wierzbinek 28 km (17 mi) north of Konin and 100 km (62 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Kokwino [kɔkˈfinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Sierakowice 19 km (12 mi) west of Kartuzy and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 29.
 Marion Zimmer Bradley's Darkover is a collection of fantasy and science fiction short stories by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 929) in October 1993. The stories are divided into four sections each preceded by a brief overview of Bradley's thoughts on that category's main subject(s).
 Thug Lord: The New Testament is the second studio album by rapper Yukmouth released on March 27 2001. Unlike his last album the album barely made the top 75 on the Billboard 200 peaking at #71.
 Shabdeh (Persian: شبده‎; also known as Shībdeh) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 51 in 11 families.
 Palaephatus leucacrotus is a moth of the Palaephatidae family. It is found in the wetter areas of the Valdivian forest region of south-central Chile.The length of the forewings is 6-7 mm for males and 6.5-7 mm for females. Adults have dark fuscous forewings irregularly mottled with light brown and white. There is a large white spot on the termen. They are on wing from October to December in one generation per year.
 Turbonilla portoricana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Mathematicians in Love is a science fiction novel written by Rudy Rucker.
 The Mahmood Mosque (Arabic: مسجد محمود‎) in Kababir Haifa was built by Ahmadiyya Muslim community in the late 1970s.
 Ceryx ciprianii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Berio in 1937. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Holy Rosary Cathedral at 13th Avenue and Garnet Street in Regina Saskatchewan is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Regina.Construction began in 1912; the cornerstone was blessed (see photo) by the Apostolic Delegate. the Ambassador of the Holy See on 30 June 1913 before some 2000 people and the building was completed in 1917.It was designed in the Romanesque Revival style by the firm of Joseph Fortin of Montreal who also designed the Roman Catholic cathedrals of St.
 Thomas Howell Cobb (September 7 1815 – October 9 1868) was an American political figure. A Southern Democrat Cobb was a five-term member of the United States House of Representatives and Speaker of the House from 1849 to 1851.
 The Breakers is a Vanderbilt mansion located on Ochre Point Avenue Newport Rhode Island United States on the Atlantic Ocean. It is a National Historic Landmark a contributing property to the Bellevue Avenue Historic District and is owned and operated by the Preservation Society of Newport County.The Breakers was built as the Newport summer home of Cornelius Vanderbilt II a member of the wealthy United States Vanderbilt family. It is built in an Italian Renaissance style.
 Phyllonorycter albertinus is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in the Albertine Rift in Kenya. The habitat consists of savannah areas with intermixed secondary vegetation.The length of the forewings is 3.27–3.36 mm. The forewings are greyish ochreous with white markings. The hindwings are dark beige with fuscous shading and a long greyish fringe. Adults are on wing from mid-January to early February.
 Not to be confused with the Barramundi cod or the Australian members of the genus Scleropages (which sometimes are referred to as barramundis).The barramundi or Asian seabass (Lates calcarifer) is a species of catadromous fish in family Latidae of order Perciformes. The species is widely distributed in the Indo-West Pacific region from the Persian Gulf through Southeast Asia to Papua New Guinea and Northern Australia.
 Graves Mill also known as Jones Mill and Beech Grove Mill is a historic grist mill complex located near Wolftown Madison County Virginia. The complex includes a three-story heavy timber frame gristmill; a two-story log frame and weatherboard miller’s house; and a one-story heavy timber frame barn. The gristmill was built about 1798 probably on the foundation of an earlier gristmill built about 1745.
 Mars Life is a science fiction novel by Ben Bova. This novel is part of the Grand Tour series of novels. It was first published in 2008 and is a sequel to Ben Bova's novel Return to Mars.
 David Meriwether (October 30 1800 – April 4 1893) was a United States Senator from Kentucky and Governor of New Mexico Territory.Born in Louisa County Virginia Meriwether moved with his parents to Jefferson County Kentucky in 1803. He attended the common schools and engaged in fur trading in 1818 near what is now Council Bluffs Iowa. He later engaged in agricultural pursuits in Jefferson County.Meriwether studied law was admitted to the bar and commenced practice.
 The Great Fire of 1911 Historic District is located in downtown Bangor Maine and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984. It preserves Maine's most significant collection of early 20th century public and commercial buildings and commemorates an urban re-building campaign matched only by Portland's following its own destruction by fire in 1866.
 The University of Illinois Experimental Dairy Farm Historic District also known as South Farm is a designated historic district in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is located on the campus of the University of Illinois in Urbana Illinois. The district consists of eight contributing structures and several non-contributing structures.
 Sangkosh is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4391 and had 847 houses in it.
 Evangelische Lutherische Emanuels Kirche (also known as Emmanuel Evangelical Lutheran Church; Hill Church) is a historic church near Dubois Indiana.It was built in 1901 and was added to the National Register in 1990.
 The American Journal of Lifestyle Medicine is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers the field of lifestyle medicine. The editor-in-chief is James M. Rippe (Tufts University Medical School). It was established in 2007 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 DNA is an Australian monthly magazine targeted at the gay male audience. The magazine features stories celebrity profiles pop culture reviews fashion tips/reviews grooming tips and photography. The magazine is available at most newsagencies in Australia as well as larger book stores. Launched in Australia in 2000 the magazine is now available in many countries including Canada the United States New Zealand United Kingdom and several other countries in Europe.
 Rebirth is an album by reggae artist Jimmy Cliff released in July 2012. It won the Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album and was included in Rolling Stone's '50 Best Albums of 2012'.
 Anayurt Oteli (English title: Motherland Hotel) is a 1986 Turkish film directed by Ömer Kavur. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Yusuf Atılgan.
 I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With is a 2006 independent romantic comedy film written produced directed by and starring Jeff Garlin also featuring Sarah Silverman and Bonnie Hunt. Many improv veterans of Chicago's Second City and even its 1950s predecessor Compass Players appear as well as Chicago radio personality Steve Dahl in a cameo.
 St Lawrence's Church Stoak is located in the village of Stoak Cheshire England (which lies between the intersection of the M56 and M53 motorways and the Shropshire Union Canal). The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester the deanery of Wirral South and the Ellesmere Port team ministry.
 Socha Na Tha (Hindi: सोचा न था meaning It was never imagined) is a Hindi language film released on 4 March 2005. It debuts Abhay Deol and stars Ayesha Takia & Apoorva Jha. It marks the directorial debut of Imtiaz Ali. Abhay Deol's uncle Dharmendra produced it.
 It's Complicated is a 2009 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Nancy Meyers. It stars Meryl Streep as a successful bakery owner and single mother of three who starts a secret affair with her ex-husband played by Alec Baldwin ten years after their divorce – only to find herself drawn to another man: her architect Adam (portrayed by Steve Martin).
 Appu is a 1990 Malayalam film directed by Dennis Joseph and written by Sreekumaran Thampi starring Mohanlal Murali and Sunitha.
 Møllergata 19 is an address in Oslo Norway where the city's main police station and jail was located. The address gained notoriety during the German occupation from 1940 to 1945 when the Nazi security police kept its headquarters here. This is also where Vidkun Quisling in 1945 surrendered to the legitimate Norwegian government and was imprisoned.
 Pierzchały [pjɛʂˈxawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The Mars Project (German: Das Marsprojekt) is a nonfiction science book by German (later German-American) rocket physicist astronautics engineer and space architect Wernher von Braun. It was translated from the original German by Henry J. White and first published in English by the University of Illinois Press in 1953.The Mars Project is a technical specification for a manned expedition to Mars.
 Beyuz-e Yek (Persian: بيوض يك‎ also Romanized as Beyūẕ-e Yek; also known as Beyūẕ and Boyūz) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 454 in 69 families.
 The Nile perch (Lates niloticus) is a species of freshwaterfish in family Latidae of order Perciformes. It is widespread throughout much of the Afrotropic ecozone being native to the Congo Nile Senegal Niger and Lake Chad Volta Lake Turkana and other river basins. It also occurs in the brackish waters of Lake Maryut in Egypt. Originally described as Labrus niloticus among the marine wrasses the species has also been referred to as Centropomus niloticus.
 Once in a Lifetime is a 1932 Pre-code comedy film based on a play Once in a Lifetime by George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart. The film was produced and distributed by Universal Pictures directed by Russell Mack and stars Jack Oakie Sidney Fox and Aline MacMahon.It is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Peabody Hall is a historic site in Gainesville Florida United States. It is located in the northeastern section of the University of Florida. On June 27 1979 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It currently houses the Dean of Students Office and the Counseling Center at the university.
 Zangelanlu (Persian: زنگلانلو‎ also Romanized as Zangelānlū; also known as Zangalānli and Zānganānlī) is a village in Zangelanlu Rural District Lotfabad District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 802 in 187 families.
 The Das Fêmeas River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Netta [ˈnɛtta] is a river in north-east Poland a right tributary of the Biebrza approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) long. It is a continuation of the Rospuda which flows into Lake Rospuda (connected to Lake Necko) north of the town of Augustów. The Rospuda and Netta together have a length of 102 kilometres (63 mi) and a watershed of 1336 square kilometres (516 sq mi).
 The Antico Caffè Greco (sometimes simply referred to as Caffè Greco) is an historic landmark café which opened in 1760 on 86 Via dei Condotti in Rome Italy.
 The Saint Patricks River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Love Cherish Respect (Kocha lubi szanuje) is a 1934 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 The Padina Închisă River is a tributary of the Padina Şindileriei River in Romania.
 John Hillyard Cameron QC (April 14 1817 – November 14 1876) was an Ontario lawyer businessman and political figure. He was a Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons representing Peel from 1867 to 1872 and Cardwell from 1872 until his death.He was born in Blendecques France in 1817. His father was a soldier in the 79th Highlanders who served in France during the Napoleonic Wars. In 1825 he came with his family to Kingston in Upper Canada.
 Now Deh (Persian: نوده‎; also known as Now Deh-e Markhāl) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District in the Central District of Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 276 in 77 families.
 Countless Hours Making Waves is the debut EP by British rock / Post Hardcore band Days in December. The EP was released on 19 July 2004.Three of the bandmembers from Days in December went on to form the band New Device in 2007.
 Hits & Dubs is the first compilation album by Brazilian band Cidade Negra. The album contains several hits including Onde Você Mora? Firmamento A Sombra da Maldade Downtown and Falar a Verdade success at the time when the singer was Ras Bernardo. The album also features a remake of the song Eu Também Quero Beijar by Pepeu Gomes.
 Boys' Night Out is an American comedy film released in 1962 starring Kim Novak James Garner and Tony Randall and featuring Janet Blair Patti Page Jessie Royce Landis Oscar Homolka and Howard Duff. It was directed by Michael Gordon and was written by Ira Wallach based on a story by Arne Sultan and Marvin Worth.
 The Río Viejo (Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Journal of the Photographic Society later the Royal Photographic Society was first published on 3 March 1853 and it has been published continuously ever since. The magazine's title was changed with volume 5 (1859) when it was re-named The Photographic Journal and this was recently updated to the RPS Journal. The publication is the oldest photographic periodical in the world.
 Kormi-ye Pain (Persian: كرمي پايين‎ also Romanized as Kormī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Kormī) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 16 families.
 The soundtrack to the film Rockers was released in 1979.
 Machijhitakaiya is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7318 persons living in 1440 individual households.
 Oxycanus byrsa is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in New South Wales.
 William Cary Renfrow (March 15 1845 – January 31 1922) was a Confederate soldier in the American Civil War and Democratic 3rd Governor of Oklahoma Territory. His term of office saw the opening of the Cherokee Outlet.
 Potpolje (Cyrillic: Потпоље) is a village in the municipality of Čitluk Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Bybrook also known as the By Brook is a tributary of the Bristol Avon some 12 miles (19 km) long. The sources are the Burton Brook and the Broadmead Brook which rise in South Gloucestershire at Tormarton and Cold Ashton respectively. They join just north of Castle Combe in Wiltshire. The river has a mean flow rate of 57.25 cubic feet per second (1.621 m3/s) as recorded at Middlehill near Box.
 Fear and Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72 is a collection of articles covering the 1972 presidential campaign written by Hunter S. Thompson and illustrated by Ralph Steadman.
 La Garce is a 1984 French thriller film directed by Christine Pascal and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 Lin Junq-tzer (Chinese: 林政則; pinyin: Lín zhèngzé) is a politician in the Republic of China. He currently serves as the Governor of Taiwan Province since 26 February 2010.
 Computer is an IEEE Computer Society practitioner-oriented magazine issued to all members of the society. It contains peer-reviewed articles regular columns and interviews on current computing-related issues. The magazine can be categorized somewhere between a trade magazine and a research journal drawing on elements of both. Computer provides information regarding current research developments trends best practices and changes in the profession.
 Lundmark is an eroded crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southwest of the Mare Ingenii one of the rare mare areas on the far side. Nearly attached to the southwestern outer rim of Lundmark is the crater Koch and located to the northwest is the flooded Jules Verne.It is a heavily worn and damaged crater formation that is marked by a number of smaller craters along the sides and interior.
 The Brown-shaded Gray Moth (Anacamptodes defectaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Pennsylvania west to Iowa and Kansas south to Texas and south and east to Florida.The wingspan is about 30 mm. Adults are on wing from February to November depending on the location.The larvae feed on oak poplar sweet cherry and willow.
 Faoa Aitofele Toese Fiti Sunia (born March 27 1943 Fagatogo American Samoa) formerly known by the title of Ipulasi Aitofele Sunia is an American Samoan lawyer and politician. Sunia has served as the Lieutenant Governor of American Samoa since April 11 2003.
 Another City Not My Own is a 1997 novel by Dominick Dunne. The roman à clef subtitled A Novel in the Form of a Memoir was inspired by Dunne's experiences in Los Angeles while covering the O.J. Simpson murder trial for Vanity Fair.The hardcover edition (ISBN 0-609-60100-8) was released by Crown Publishers. The paperback (ISBN 0-517-3613-96) was published by Random House in February 1999.
 The Magic is a 2012 self-help and spirituality book written by Rhonda Byrne. It is the third book in The Secret series. The book was released on March 6 2012 as a paperback and e-book.
 Doktor Dolitle is an album by the Swedish folk singer-songwriter and guitar player Fred Åkerström.
 Sawt al Jamahir (Arabic صوت الجماهير meaning Voice of the Masses) was a monthly newspaper published by the Iraqi-controlled Arab Liberation Front (ALF) a small right-wing radical faction within the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO). It was edited by the ALF's Secretary-General Rakad Salem and was believed to have been funded by the Iraqi government. It was unclear if publication continues after the fall of the Iraqi government in 2003.
 Chintakayala Ravi is a 2008 Telugu romantic comedy cross over cinema starring Venkatesh Mamta Mohandas and Anushka Shetty. The soundtrack composed by Vishal-Shekhar received positive reviews.
 Stigmella rhamnella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Denmark to the Iberian Peninsula and Italy and from France to Romania and Ukraine. It has also been recorded from Estonia. It is not on the southern part of Balkan Peninsula.There are two to three generations per year.The larvae feed on Rhamnus alpinus Rhamnus catharticus Rhamnus pumilus and Rhamnus saxatilis. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Three Lives (1909) was American writer Gertrude Stein's first published book. The book is separated into three stories The Good Anna Melanctha and The Gentle Lena.The three stories are independent of each other but all are set in Bridgepoint a fictional town based on Baltimore MD.
 Mali izvor is a village in the municipality of Tervel in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Buddharama Temple is a Buddhist temple currently under construction near Fredrika in Åsele Municipality Sweden. It is scheduled to become the largest Buddhist temple in Europe. Originally intended to be funded by the government of Thailand. It will be a Thai-style temple with monks from Thailand residing in a monastery adjacent to the temple. The temple will cater to the spiritual needs of the prominent Thai community in Scandinavia as well as other Buddhists in Northern Europe.
 The Carrie Chapman Catt House also known as Juniper Ledge is located on Ryder Road in the town of New Castle New York United States. It is an Arts and Crafts-style building from the early 20th century.
 Parasa shirakii is a moth of the Limacodidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 27-34 mm.
 Falęcin [faˈlɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Staroźreby 31 km (19 mi) east of Płock and 74 km (46 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 100.
 The Groapa River is a tributary of the Pleşcoaia in Romania.
 Eyes on This is the second album by MC Lyte. It was released on September 12 1989 almost a year after her classic debut album Lyte as a Rock for First Priority and Atlantic Records and featured production from her brothers Audio Two as well as The King of Chill and Nat Robinson.
 Brick is a biannual literary magazine established in 1977. It publishes literary and creative non-fiction.
 The Boy Mir is documentary film about ten years life of a Hazara boy in Afghanistan. This film was made after an international hit film The Boy who Plays on the Buddhas of Bamiyan by a British film maker Phil Grabsky.
 F Minus is a horizontally oriented single panel comic strip by Tony Carrillo started when he was a sophomore at Arizona State University. It ran daily in The State Press an independent newspaper at ASU from 2002 until 2004 when Carrillo graduated.
 The Joseph W. Podmore Building on the corner of Merchant and Alakea streets in Honolulu Hawaiʻi was built in 1902 by Joseph W. Podmore an English sailor who did business in Honolulu during the early 1900s. He built it to rent out for retail and office use initially to a tailor and a decorator on the ground floor and to the Mercantile Printing Company upstairs.
 Nine is the ninth album by the British folk rock group Fairport Convention and according to Allmusic is their most uneven. It is their second album to feature Trevor Lucas and Jerry Donahue and features no original members of Fairport Convention.Polly on the Shore was re-recorded by the 21st century lineup of Fairport Convention (featuring only Dave Pegg from the Nine-era lineup) for their album Sense of Occasion in 2007 with Simon Nicol on lead vocals.
 Aphelenchoides besseyi is a plant pathogenic nematode. It is sometimes referred to as rice white tip spring dwarf strawberry bud or strawberry crimp disease nematode. This foliar nematode is found in Africa North Central and South America Asia Eastern Europe and Pacific Islands
 Quiet Music 3 is a cassette album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach. It is the final edition of the Quiet Music cassette series.
 Correio do Povo (The People's Mail) is a Brazilian daily newspaper printed in the city of Porto Alegre located in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. The newspaper is owned by Grupo Record.
 Miño Volcano is a symmetrical cone-shaped stratovolcano located in El Loa Province Antofagasta Region Chile. It lies a few kilometres northwest of Aucanquilcha volcano and at its foot originates Loa River. The major settlement in its vicinity is Ollagüe.Unlike many other high summits in the area there is no evidence of a pre-Columbian ascent to its summit.
 The Te Arai River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally north from its origins in rough hill country 20 kilometres north of Nuhaka before veering northeast past the township of Manutuke to reach the Waipaoa River five kilometres from the latter's outflow into Poverty Bay.
 Vladimir Ivanovich Dolgikh (Russian: Владимир Иванович Долгих; 5 December 1924) was a Soviet-Russian political figure; a head of the Metallurgical Department of the Central Committee Secretariat. He was a candidate-member (non-voting) of the Political Bureau (Politburo) from 1982 to 1988.
 H is a 1990 Canadian film written directed and produced by Darrell Wasyk.
 Ruslan and Ludmila (Russian: Руслан и Людмила) is a 1972 film directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. Based on the poem of the same name written by Alexander Pushkin in 1820.
 The Livorno Hills (also known as Leghorn Hills or in Italy as the Colline Livornesi) is a mountain range in Tuscany included in the municipalities of Livorno Collesalvetti and Rosignano Marittimo and in the Province of Livorno. Due to its vicinity to the sea the average height is quite low. The highest mountain is Poggio Lecceta (Holms Knoll) with an elevation of 462 meters on the sea level.
 The Galleon is the official newspaper of Spanish River Community High School. It has been a trend-setter among high school newspapers in Palm Beach County frequently leading in award competitions.
 US Post Office-Ilion is a historic post office building located at Ilion in Herkimer County New York United States. It was built in 1935-1936 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. It is a one story seven bay steel frame building on a raised foundation with a brick watercourse in the Colonial Revival style.
 Wólka Orchowska [ˈvulka ɔrˈxɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orchowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Orchowo 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Słupca and 80 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Symphyta is a genus of moths in the family Lasiocampidae.
 The Aspy River is a river on northeastern Cape Breton Island which rises in the Cape Breton Highlands and empties into Aspy Bay. The river valley follows the ancient Aspy Fault which extends for 40 km inland from the coast and extends along the upper section of the northeast Margaree River. This geological fault is thought to be a part of the Cabot Fault (Newfoundland)/ Great Glen Fault (Scotland) system of Avalonia.It is believed by some sources that John Cabot landed at Aspy Bay in 1497.
 Chwałkowo [xfau̯ˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Środa Wielkopolska and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 170.
 ShaneGujrat is Gujrat-based Urdu-language newspaper in Pakistan.It also provides a special section Gujrat Villages which covers the information pictures videos the personalities and history as well as a special Gujrat section for the reader
 Richard J. Dick Cohen (born December 10 1949) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) he represents District 64 which includes portions of the city of Saint Paul in Ramsey County.
 Olana State Historic Site was the home of Frederic Edwin Church (1826–1900) one of the major figures in the Hudson River School of landscape painting. The centerpiece of Olana is an eclectic villa composed of many styles difficult to categorize which overlooks parkland and a working farm designed by the artist. As well the residence has a wide view of the Hudson River valley the Catskill Mountains and the Taconic Range.
 The Fountain Lake Farm also known as Wisconsin Farm Home of John Muir was the home of John Muir from 1849 to 1856 and 1860 to 1862. The landmark site is located at County Highway F and Gillette Road in rural Montello Wisconsin United States North America and includes an area of 80 acres (32 ha). Muir attributed much of his philosophy about conservation to ideas he conceived while living at Fountain Lake Farm.
 Visible Secret is a 2001 Hong Kong horror comedy film directed by Ann Hui starring Eason Chan Shu Qi Anthony Wong Sam Lee James Wong Wayne Lai Kara Hui Tony Liu and Cheung Tat-ming.
 Der lachende Mann – Bekenntnisse eines Mörders is an East German film. It was released in 1966.
 The Nicholas Way House (also known as Abishai Way House) at 108 Beaver Road in Edgeworth Pennsylvania was built in 1838. This Greek Revival house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 13 1978 and the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2002.
 Stetson Pond is a 93-acre (380000 m2) warm water pond in Pembroke Massachusetts. The average depth is 15 feet (4.6 m) and the maximum depth is 33 feet (10 m). The pond is characterized by brown water with a transparency of five feet. Access to the pond is provided by a dirt launch located off Plymouth Street near Route 36. The launch is suitable for car top boats and canoes and is owned by the Town of Pembroke.
 Clement Leroy Butch Otter (born May 3 1942) is the 32nd Governor of Idaho in office since January 2007. He is a member of the Republican Party. Otter served as Lieutenant Governor of Idaho from 1987 to 2001 and as the United States Representative for Idaho's 1st congressional district from 2001 to 2007.Otter is the first Idahoan since statehood to win elections as both a U.S. Representative and as Governor.
 Helminthophis frontalis is a species of snake in the Anomalepididae family. It is endemic to Costa Rica and Panama.
 Gol Khatun (Persian: گل خاتون‎ also Romanized as Gol Khātūn) is a village in Chenaran Rural District in the Central District of Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 132 in 29 families.
 Thomas Jefferson School is a historic school building located in the Northern Liberties neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1924. It is a four-story nine bay brick building on a raised basement in the Art Deco-style. It features an entrance portico with Doric order columns supporting an entabulature. It is named for President Thomas Jefferson.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Endless Bummer is the fifth studio album by Sloppy Seconds. It was released in 2008 ten years after More Trouble Than They're Worth.
 Modern C++ Design: Generic Programming and Design Patterns Applied is a book written by Andrei Alexandrescu published in 2001 by Addison-Wesley. It has been regarded as one of the most important C++ books by Scott Meyers.The book makes use of and explores a C++ programming technique called template metaprogramming. While Alexandrescu didn't invent the technique he has popularized it among programmers. His book contains solutions to practical problems which C++ programmers may face.
 Nail is the fourth studio album by Scraping Foetus Off the Wheel. It was released in October 1985 through record labels Self Immolation and Some Bizzare.
 Wat Aranyawiwake (Thai script: วัดอรัญญวิเวก RTGS: Wat Aranyawiwek) also known as Wat Ban Pong (Thai script: วัดบ้านปง) is a monastery (Wat) in the Thai Forest Tradition of the Theravada lineage of Buddhism located in Mae Taeng Chiang Mai Province northern Thailand. Phra Ajahn Plien Panyapatipo is the current abbot of Wat Aranyawiwake where he has resided since 1966.
 Astra (foaled January 25 1996 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racemare who won four Grade I races on turf.
 Dunia Baru: The Movie is a Malaysian film based on the comedy drama series Dunia Baru. The film released on 7 February 2008.
 Conus papilliferus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Deroceras invadens is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Agriolimacidae. Until 2011 this widely distributed species was known as Deroceras panormitanum and earlier as Deroceras caruanae or Agriolimax caruanae but Reise et al. (2011) showed that these names refer to a distinct species of similar external appearance known only from Sicily and Malta.
 My Wife is a Gangster 3 (Hangul: 조폭 마누라 3; RR: Jopok manura 3) is a 2006 Korean film. It is a sequel to My Wife is a Gangster 2.This movie however bearing the My Wife is a Gangster title has little to no relation to the previous movies.
 Chloroclystis poliophrica is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
 Bucktown USA is a 1975 crime action blaxploitation film released by American International Pictures starring Fred Williamson as Duke Johnson a man who arrives in Bucktown to bury his brother a bar owner who was killed after refusing to pay crooked cops for protection. After arriving to Bucktown he realize he needs help after being threatened himself. Duke calls his friend Roy (Thalmus Rasulala) and his gang to come and help after arriving Roy's gang decided to take over the town.
 Phyllonorycter rostrispinosa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Kyūshū Honshū).The wingspan is about 5.5 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus serrata Quercus acutissima and Quercus variabilis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a ptychonomous leaf mine situated between two veins on the underside of the leaf.
 Silver Creek is a stream in southern Indiana in the United States. It drains a watershed of 97442 acres (394.33 km2). The creek rises in Scott County and flows 38.0 miles (61.2 km) dropping 168 feet (51 m) before flowing into the Ohio River. It forms the boundary between Clark and Floyd counties. The stream was called Silver Creek by the time it was part of land granted to George Rogers Clark who lived in a log cabin near the creek's mouth.
 Zero’s Subs is an American-origin restaurant chain that was established in Virginia Beach in 1967. The company slogan is We're Hot and on a Roll. Zero’s Subs has been franchising since 1994.
 The White Tern (Gygis alba) is a small seabird found across the tropical oceans of the world. It is sometimes known as the Fairy Tern although this name is potentially confusing as it is the common name of the Fairy Tern Sternula nereis. Other names for the species include Angel Tern and White Noddy.
 Comin' Round the Mountain is a 1936 Western film directed by Mack V. Wright and starring Gene Autry Ann Rutherford and Smiley Burnette. Based on a story by Oliver Drake the film is about a Pony Express rider who is robbed and left to die in the desert where he is saved by a wild horse he captures and later uses to round up other horses to be used in the race for a government contract.
 Bone Quill is the sequel to Hollow Earth from sibling writing pair John Barrowman and Carole Barrowman published in February 2013.
 Bolyai is an old lunar crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. To the southeast of Bolyai is the crater Eötvös and to the north is Neujmin.This crater has been heavily eroded and worn by subsequent impacts leaving only a deformed remnant of the original rim that is overlaid by a multitude of lesser craters. The most notable of these is Bolyai D along the northeast rim and Bolyai W to the northwest.
 Hey Everyone! is the debut album by Glasgow-based rock band Dananananaykroyd released on April 6 2009 on the Best Before Records label.
 The Michael Franks Anthology: The Art of Love is a jazz vocal album by Michael Franks released in 2003 with Warner Bros. It is Franks' eighteenth album and his third compilation after his import-only Indispensable: The Best of Michael Franks released in 1988 and The Best of Michael Franks: A Backward Glance in 1998.The compilation contains a selection of tracks over two discs spanning twenty three years from The Art of Tea in 1976 to Barefoot on the Beach in 1999.
 Graham Ford Towers CC (September 29 1897 – December 4 1975) was the first Governor of the Bank of Canada from 1934 to 1954. Born in Montreal Quebec educated at St. Andrew's College in Toronto he graduated from McGill University in 1919. During World War II he was Chairman of the Foreign Exchange Control Board and Chairman of the National War Finance Committee.
 Urumandampalayam Rayappa Gounder Krishnan (born April 1 1944) is an Indian politician from the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.
 A Letra A (The Letter A) is the fourth solo album released by Brazilian musician Nando Reis and the first one after his departure from Titãs where he sang and played the bass guitar. Mesmo Sozinho was previously recorded by Nando with Titãs on the album A Melhor Banda de Todos os Tempos da Última Semana the last to feature him and Luz dos Olhos was recorded live by Cássia Eller on her Acústico MTV album.
 Barnaby Fitzpatrick (born Irish: Brían Óg Mac Giolla Phádraig) (c. 1485-1575) was by patent dated 11 June 1541 created the first Lord Baron Upper Ossory by King Henry VIII of England as part of the King's policy of Surrender and regrant. Barnaby Fitzpatrick was subsequently knighted on 1 July 1543.
 The 1912 film Geronimo's Last Raid is considered an important film of the pre-World War I era.[citation needed]
 Blackout is a 2008 Finnish film written and directed by JP Siili.
 The Arpa Valley (Kyrgyz: Арпа өрөөнү) is a high-altitude valley located in the south-west part of internal Tien-Shan. The valley is limited by Fergana Range Torugart Range Atbashi Range Ortok Too and Djaman-Too.
 The Ultimate Collection is a 2002 two-disc greatest hits set by The Who with both singles and top hits from albums all of which have been remastered. The compilation was released by Polydor Records internationally and on MCA Records in the US. The first 150000 copies added a third disk with rare tracks and music videos. The album debuted on the Billboard 200 album chart on 29 June 2002 at #31 and hit #17 on the British charts.
 The Iciest Sin is a crime novel by H. R. F. Keating. It is the eighteenth novel in the Inspector Ghote series but the nineteenth book to be published as an anthology of short stories was released the year before.
 Stanulus talboti Talbot's blenny is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific Ocean. This species feeds primarily on plants including benthic algae and weeds. This species can reach 4.8 cm (1.9 in) in TL. This fish is also found in the aquarium trade.
 The Musk Lorikeet (Glossopsitta concinna) is a lorikeet one of the three species of the Glossopsitta genus. It inhabits south-central/eastern Australia. The Musk Lorikeet was first described by ornithologist George Shaw in 1790 as Psittacus concinnus from a collection in the vicinity of Port Jackson in what is now Sydney. John Latham described it as Psittacus australis. Its specific epithet is the Latin concinna elegant.
 The Taihang Mountains (Chinese: 太行山; pinyin: Tàiháng Shān) are a Chinese mountain range running down the eastern edge of the Loess Plateau in Shanxi Henan and Hebei provinces. The range extends over 400 kilometres (250 mi) from north to south and has an average elevation of 1500 to 2000 metres (4900 to 6600 ft). The principal peak is Xiao Wutaishan (2882 metres (9455 ft)).
 James Diman Green (September 8 1798 – August 18 1882) was a Massachusetts politician who served as a Member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives a member of the Board of Selectmen and the first fourth and eighth Mayor of Cambridge Massachusetts.
 Five Science Fiction Novels is a 1952 anthology of five science fiction novellas edited by Martin Greenberg. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Unknown and Astounding.
 Heterodera sacchari (Sugarcane cyst nematode) is a plant pathogenic nematode and also an invasive species.
 Santa Rosa Creek Reservoir is a reservoir in Spring Lake Regional Park in the city of Santa Rosa California USA. It is impounded by an earthen dam built in 1963 and owned by the Sonoma County Water Agency.
 Jung Hong-won (Hangul: 정홍원; born October 9 1944 ) is the Prime Minister of the Republic of Korea. He has served from 26 February 2013. He announced his resignation on 27 April 2014.
 Cottrell House is an historic site at 500 Waites Corner Road in South Kingstown Rhode Island.The Federal house was built in 1790 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Tomnatecu River is a tributary of the Bârnaru River in Romania.
 Auckland Campbell-Geddes 1st Baron Geddes GCMG KCB PC (21 June 1879 – 8 June 1954) was a British academic soldier politician and diplomat. He was a member of David Lloyd George's coalition government during the First World War and also served as Ambassador to the United States.
 St. Ann’s Academy was commissioned by the Roman Catholic women’s order of the Sisters of St. Ann of Lachine Quebec. The chapel was built in 1858 and is the oldest part of the Academy. The chapel was the original St. Andrew's Cathedral (Victoria British Columbia). The chapel was later moved from its original location encased in brick and became the ’heart’ of the newly built school of St. Ann’s Academy (1871).
 Tellico Reservoir also known as Tellico Lake is a reservoir in Tennessee created by the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) in 1979 upon the completion of Tellico Dam. The dam impounds the Little Tennessee River and the lower Tellico River. While TVA is careful to refer to its artificial lakes as reservoirs (such as Tellico Reservoir) common usage tends to refer to the reservoir as Tellico Lake. The lake is approximately 16000 acres in surface area and provides 357 miles of shoreline.
 The Ogașu Pepinierii is a tributary of the Sohodol River in Romania.
 Mosaics within Mosaics is an upcoming album to be released by Circulatory System on June 24th 2014.
 The Narrows is an American 2008 independent film starring Kevin Zegers Sophia Bush Vincent D'Onofrio Eddie Cahill and Monica Keena.
 Mongi Slim (Arabic: منجي سليم‎) (September 1 1908 – October 23 1969) was a twice jailed Tunisian diplomat who became the first African to become the President of the United Nations General Assembly in 1961. He received a degree from the faculty of law of the University of Paris.
 Wahseeja Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is just northwest of Shaheeya Peak.
 Matthew Hansen Matt Mead (born March 11 1962) is an American politician who has served as the 32nd Governor of Wyoming since 2011. A Republican he is a maternal grandson of Governor and U.S. Senator Clifford Hansen.
 The Night of Morningstar is the title of the eleventh book chronicling the adventures of crime lord-turned-secret agent Modesty Blaise. The novel was first published in 1982 and was written by Peter O'Donnell who had created the character for a comic strip in the early 1960s. The book was first published in the United Kingdom by Souvenir Press.
 The Bliss of Mrs. Blossom is a 1968 British comedy film directed by Joseph McGrath. The screenplay by Alec Coppel and Denis Norden was adapted from a play by Coppel that was based on a short story by Josef Shaftel who served as the film's producer.
 Dorian Gray is a 2009 British fantasy-thriller drama film based on Oscar Wilde's 1890 novel The Picture of Dorian Gray.This version is directed by Oliver Parker written by Toby Finlay (his first screenplay) and stars Ben Barnes as Dorian Gray and Colin Firth as Lord Henry Wotton. The film tells the story of the titular character Dorian Gray an attractive Englishman whose image is captured in an enchanted painting that keeps him from aging.
 Brian Mannal is an American politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Mannal is a member of the state legislature representing the Second Barnstable in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. The Second Barnstable district is located on Cape Cod and includes Barnstable Precincts 2-10 & 13 and Yarmouth Precincts 5 & 6. Mannal is a member of the Democratic Party.
 Omar (Arabic: عمر‎) is a 2013 Palestinian drama film directed by Hany Abu-Assad. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Jury Prize. It was shown at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. The film has been selected as the Palestinian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards and was nominated. It also won Best Feature Film at the 2013 Asian Pacific Screen Awards.
 Elvis Inspirational RCA's 2006 compilation is part of a set of six theme-based compilations that also includes Elvis Rock Elvis Country Elvis Movies Elvis Live and Elvis R&B and while this collection suggests that it will deliver 20 tracks of Elvis singing gospel tunes that's not quite the case.
 71: Into the Fire (Korean: 포화 속으로) is a 2010 South Korean war drama film directed by Lee Jae-han. The film was made in commemoration of those who fought during the Korean War to raise awareness of the existence and importance of the student-soldiers during that period.
 The John Whittlesey Jr. House was built in 1693. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Opium War is a 2008 Afghan black comedy film directed by Siddiq Barmak.
 Blast of Silence (Axed My Baby for a Nickel) is the third album by The Golden Palominos released in 1986 through Celluloid Records.
 Stenele is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Monte Kali or Kalimanjaro refers to the spoil heap or spoil tip that towers over the town of Heringen Hesse Germany. It is one of a number of sites where K+S dump the unusable sodium chloride which is a byproduct of potash mining a major industry in the area.The mountain rises over 200 meters above the surrounding land the peak standing at 520 meters above sea level. It contains over 135 million tonnes of salt with another 13000 tonnes being added each day.
 Cochylis piana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Inner Mongolia Liaoning Shaanxi Xinjiang) Afghanistan Iran and Russia.
 Live at the Fillmore — February 1969 is a live album released by the American rock band The Byrds in 2000 on Columbia Records. This release was compiled from two performances at the famed Fillmore West on February 7 & 8 1969. The album includes several songs not found on the group's studio albums.Recorded less than a week after the release of The Byrds' album Dr. Byrds & Mr.
 Triple Glaciers are in Grand Teton National Park Wyoming United States. The glaciers are disconnected from each other and occupy three separate cirques on the northwest face of Mount Moran and northeast of Thor Peak.
 Pico do Alberto is a mountain located in the eastern part of São Nicolau island in Cape Verde. The mountain's summit is located south of Juncalinho. The mountain are almost rocky desert-like and has traces of vegetation. The area around are mountains except for further south where the Atlantic Ocean is located a few kilometres south. The mountain is entirely of volcanic origin. The panorama offers a view to the around three-fourths of the island missing out the western part.
 Duran Duran (commonly known as The Wedding Album) is the seventh studio album and the second self-titled album by Duran Duran released on 23 February 1993. It reached the Top Ten in North America and provided two Top Ten hits in the U.S Ordinary World and Come Undone. Those hits made the band one of only a very select few artists from their era to have true mainstream success in the 1990s a fact that caught both the record industry and the band members themselves by surprise.
 Count József Teleki de Szék (24 October 1790 – 15 February 1855) was a Hungarian jurist and historian who served as the first President of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences from 1830 until his death.He was born into an old noble Calvinist family. He functioned as Governor of Transylvania between 1842 and 1848.
 Pieńki-Towarzystwo [ˈpjɛɲki tɔvaˈʐɨstfɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Zârna River is a headwater of the Râul Doamnei in Romania.
 Looney Tunes Super Stars' Pepé Le Pew: Zee Best of Zee Best is a DVD featuring all 17 Pepé Le Pew cartoons (14 new-to-DVD and 3 previously-on-DVD) and was released on December 27 2011. The pre-53 shorts are presented in full screen while the post-53 shorts have both widescreen and full screen options (except for Heaven Scent which is only available in full screen). This was also the last Looney Tunes Super Stars series to feature a matted 1:85 widescreen format option for the post-1953 shorts.
 Dysodia is a genus of moths of the Thyrididae family.
 The Amajari River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Mendoza Chico is a village or populated centre in the Florida Department of southern-central Uruguay.
 Summer Catch is a 2001 romantic comedy film starring Freddie Prinze Jr. Jessica Biel and Matthew Lillard. The film was directed by Mike Tollin marking his feature film directorial debut. The story takes place on Cape Cod but the majority of the film was shot in Southport North Carolina.
 La mazzetta (also known as The Payoff) is an Italian comedy-crime movie directed in 1978 by Sergio Corbucci. It is based on the 1976 crime novel of the same name by the writer Attilio Veraldi.
 Policy Review was one of America's leading conservative journals.
 Oryszew-Osada [ɔˈrɨʂɛf ɔˈsada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Krukówko [kruˈkufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 206.
 Meebo and Zuky is a comic strip in the British children's comic The Beano. It was introduced as one of three new strips in the Beano's Comic Idol competition in June 2010 where the winner gets a permanent place in the comic. It was up against Home Invasion about green aliens who want to invade Earth and Uh Oh Si Co! about a boy who'd get angry at the slightest annoyance.
 It's In There Somewhere is an album by David Thomas Broughton released in 2007 collating a number of unreleased songs recorded during the previous six years.
 The Poverty of Historicism is a book by twentieth century philosopher Karl Popper which seeks to persuade the reader of both the danger and the bankruptcy of the idea of historicism.
 The Xinfeng River (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Sunfung River; Chinese: 新丰江; pinyin: Xīnfēng Jiāng) is a river in Guangdong Province China and a tributary of the Dong River. Its confluence with the Dong is in Heyuan. The river is dammed by the Xinfengjiang Dam creating the large Xinfengjiang Reservoir.
 Tadas Blinda: The Beginning (Lithuanian: Tadas Blinda. Pradžia) is a 2011 Lithuanian adventure film directed by Donatas Ulvydas based on the 1987 Rimantas Šavelis novel Tadas Blinda and on the legendary history of the 19th-century outlaw Tadas Blinda.
 Pachycarus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pachycarus aculeatus Reiche & Saulcy 1855 Pachycarus artipunctatus (Dvorak 1993) Pachycarus atrocoeruleus (Waltl 1838) Pachycarus brevipennis Chaudoir 1850 Pachycarus cyaneus (Dejean 1830) Pachycarus latreillei Solier 1835 Pachycarus macedonicus V. & B. Gueorguiev 1997↑
 Immadihalli is a suburb situated in the Eastern periphery of Bangalore City and part of the Internationally renowned Whitefield township. Immadihalli was a part of the Varthur Legislative Assembly but now belongs to the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike BBMP[1]. Immadihalli belongs to Mahadevapura Legislative Assembly in the state of Karnataka with effect from the year 2008. Immadihalli is very close to ITPL which is heart of IT in Bangalore.
 The Radisson Blu Iveria Hotel is a hotel in the city center of Tbilisi located on Rose Revolution Square. The hotel was built in 1967 by the Soviet government as the premier luxury hotel of the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic and was named Hotel Iveria after the ancient kingdom of Iveria. As a result of the war in Abkhazia in 1992 the hotel became a refugee camp housing more than 800 refugees. In 2004 the refugees were removed from the hotel and offered $7000 per room.
 Bhagraj Choudhary is the MLA from Ahore in the Jalore district in the Rajasthan state.
 Conus plinthis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Damien Arsenault is a Canadian politician who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in a by-election on December 5 2011. He represented the electoral district of Bonaventure as a member of the Quebec Liberal Party caucus until September of 2012.Prior to his election to the legislature Arsenault was the mayor of Saint-Elzéar.
 Siogamaia morioria is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Bozeman Daily Chronicle is a daily newspaper published in Bozeman Montana.Founded in 1883 the paper was originally a weekly. Since 1996 the Chronicle has been published each morning and its first Saturday edition was published in 1997. The paper converted to a morning publication with a new design in April 1996.
 Game Change: Obama and the Clintons McCain and Palin and the Race of a Lifetime is a book by political journalists John Heilemann and Mark Halperin about the 2008 United States presidential election. Released on January 11 2010 it was also published in the United Kingdom under the title Race of a Lifetime: How Obama Won the White House. The book is based on interviews with more than 300 people involved in the campaign.
 Austrorossia is a genus of bobtail squid encompassing five species.
 The Imuruk Lake volcanic field is a volcanic field in western Alaska United States located in the Bering Land Bridge National Preserve in central Seward Peninsula.
 The Truth about Truman School is a children's book by Dori Hillestad Butler that was first published on March 1 2008 through Albert Whitman & Company. The book deals with the subject of cyberbullying and has been listed several times as a recommended read for middle school aged students.The Truth about Truman School has been listed on the ALA's Joint Presidents' Program Resources list for 2012.
 The Dr. John Quincy Howe House is a notable house located in Phelps New York. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places the house is thought to be the only house in the state of New York with a two-story privy and the only house in the United States with a two-story brick privy.The house is owned by the Phelps Community Historical Society and is operated as a museum.
 The Midgley Museum is a city-owned museum located in the city of Enid Oklahoma.The museum's exhibits include a large mineral and rock collection that features a 7000-pound petrified stump and fluorescent rocks that must be viewed under a black light.
 The Landward House is a brick Italianate mansion with a limestone facade and projected entrance. There are 22 rooms and six bathrooms in this three-story building. Dr. Stuart Robinson used the mansion as his office. The garden was created by Frederick Law Olmsted Jr. in 1929. The tertiary garden features a vegetable garden a labyrinth garden and an informal side garden. A landscape-architecture firm uses its carriage house for its office.
 Catt Hall is an administrative building completed in 1892 at Iowa State University which currently houses the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences the Department of Philosophy and Religious Studies and the Carrie Chapman Center for Women and Politics. The building is named for Carrie Chapman Catt an American women's rights activist and founder of the League of Women Voters. She graduated from Iowa State in 1880 at the top of her class.
 Nebria brevicollis is a species of ground beetle native to Europe and the Near East. In Europe it is found in all countries and islands except the Azores the Canary Islands the Channel Islands Franz Josef Land Gibraltar Madeira Malta Monaco the North Aegean Islands Novaya Zemlya San Marino the Selvagens Islands Svalbard and Jan Mayen and Vatican City. It has now been reported as introduced in western Oregon U.S.A. (D. Kavanaugh & J. R.
 Radzowice [rad͡zɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Reesewitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadowa Kłoda within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Dziadowa Kłoda 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Oleśnica and 47 kilometres (29 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 SuperConsciousness Magazine is an independent quarterly theme-based magazine devoted to evidence-based human potential practical spirituality and an inspired visionary future. The publication is available in Print or Digital formats and is internationally distributed. SuperConsciousness also publishes a website a community site and a Science and Spirituality blog. The tag line for the magazine is The VOICE for Human Potential. The offices are based in western Washington State.
 Kal Khvajeh (Persian: كل خواجه‎ also Romanized as Kal Khvājeh) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 144 in 34 families.
 Raymond Lorenzo Heffner (May 7 1925-November 28 2012) was a University Professor and former president of Brown University. He served in the United States Navy during World War II and graduated from Yale College in 1948 where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa the Elizabethan Club and Scroll and Key.
 Ilm is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Boșorogu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania. Its source is located at the junction of headwaters Pârva and Gropşoara
 Paul D. Rosenthal (born February 29 1959) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) he represents District 49B which includes West Bloomington South Edina North East Eden Prairie and South West Minnetonka in Hennepin County which is in the Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 Laila Majnu is a Telugu film that released on 1 October 1949 starring A. Nageswara Rao and P. Bhanumathi. It was originally produced in Telugu and was dubbed in Tamil by Bharani Pictures. The film was a box office hit and is considered one of the best film adaptations of the classic Sufi legend of Laila and Majnu.
 Vaki Kola (Persian: واكي كلا‎ also Romanized as Vākī Kolā) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 267 in 67 families.
 David Berger (born March 30 1950) is a Canadian lawyer politician diplomat and sports executive.He was born in Ottawa Ontario the eldest son of Sam Berger. He attended Ashbury College before receiving a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1971 from the University of Toronto and a Bachelor of Civil Law in 1975 from McGill University. From 1975 to 1979 he was an Executive Vice-President for the Montreal Alouettes Football Club. From 1978 to 1979 he was President of the Canadian Football League.
 Digama pandaenis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Zaire.
 Sasami-san@Ganbaranai (ささみさん@がんばらない lit. Ms. Sasami@Unmotivated) is a Japanese light novel series written by Akira with illustrations by Hidari. The first volume was published in December 2009 and 11 volumes have been released by Shogakukan as of June 2013. A manga adaptation has been produced and a 12-episode anime TV series adaptation by Shaft aired between January and March 2013.
 Stare Paprockie Holendry [ˈstarɛ paˈprɔt͡skʲɛ xɔˈlɛndrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzymów within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Konin and 103 km (64 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Brat Farrar is a 1949 crime novel by Josephine Tey.
 Mehranjan-e Arameneh (Persian: مهرنجان ارامنه‎ also Romanized as Mehranjān-e Ārāmeneh) is a village in Oshtorjan Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 269 in 70 families.
 Morum fatimae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae the harp snails.
 Late Orchestration is a live album by American hip hop artist Kanye West released on April 24 2006 on Mercury Records. The album features recordings of live renditions of songs derived from his first two studio albums. It was recorded at the famed Abbey Road Studios in London England before an audience of three hundred personally invited guests and fans on September 21 2005.
 Barry Harris Plays Barry Harris is an album by pianist Barry Harris performing his own compositions which was recorded in 1978 and released on the Xanadu label.
 Charles Charlie O'Connor (born 9 April 1946) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South–West constituency from 2002 to 2011.O'Connor was born in Dublin in 1946. He was educated at Synge Street CBS Drimnagh Castle CBS the Irish Management Institute and the Industrial Relations Institute.
 Daanchhi is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 11246 and had 2593 households in it.
 Old Material 1984–1986 is a 1989 album by Spirit of the West.It was the band's final release for Stony Plain Records. Side one of the album includes five tracks from their out-of-print 1984 album Spirit of the West and side two presents a 1986 live performance from the Vancouver East Cultural Centre.
 Calmos is a 1976 French film directed by Bertrand Blier.
 The Urlățelu River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
 The 1983 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the twelfth volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1983 followed by a hardcover edition issued in September of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club.
 Miles Davis & Gil Evans: The Complete Columbia Studio Recordings is a box set of music by jazz musicians Miles Davis and Gil Evans originally released on CD in 1996 and remastered and re-released in 2004. It collects work from 1957 through 1968 at Columbia Records recording studios.Miles Davis and Gil Evans had worked together on Davis' landmark 1949 album Birth of the Cool.
 Ketyconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (November 2011) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Greatest Hits – Chapter One (stylized as Greatest Hits • Chapter One) is the first greatest hits album by American pop-rock recording artist Kelly Clarkson released on November 16 2012 by RCA Records. It contains material from Clarkson's first five studio albums: Thankful (2003) Breakaway (2004) My December (2007) All I Ever Wanted (2009) and Stronger (2011).
 For the current region of Chad see Tibesti Region.The Tibesti Mountains are a mountain range in the central Sahara primarily located in the extreme north of Chad with a small extension into southern Libya. The highest peak in the range Emi Koussi lies to the south at a height of 3445 metres (11302 ft) and is the highest point in both Chad and the Sahara. Bikku Bitti the highest peak in Libya is located in the north of the range.
 Anger is the second album by Sandy Lam released under CBS Records in 1986. This album performed poorly in terms of album sales and chart performance. Despite this Sandy attracted a group of male teenager audiences.
 The Source (French: La Source des femmes) is a 2011 French drama-comedy film directed by Radu Mihăileanu starring Leïla Bekhti and Hafsia Herzi. It premiered In Competition at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
 Heeron Ka Chor is a 1982 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by S K Kapoor starring Mithun Chakraborty Bindiya Goswami Ashok Kumar Vinod Mehra Shakti Kapoor and Madan Puri
 Zamin Bon (Persian: زمين بن‎ also Romanized as Zamīn Bon) is a village in Baladeh Rural District Khorramabad District Tonekabon County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 16 families.
 Enrique Mac Iver Rodríguez (15 July 1844 – 21 August 1922) was a Chilean lawyer and politician. He participated in the 1891 Chilean Civil War on the side of the victorious Congressist faction doing himself the first draft for the deposition of president José Manuel Balmaceda. In 1898 he represented Chile in the Puna de Atacama dispute.He was married to the granddaughter of Chilean president José Tomás Ovalle.
 The redspot barb (Barbus kerstenii) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus found in East Africa. It is named for the large orange-red spot found on each operculum.
 Celandine is a children's fantasy novel by Steve Augarde. It is the second book in the Touchstone Trilogy and was first published in 2006. Celandine is set ninety years before The Various the first book of the trilogy. It follows the adventures of Celandine (born 1901) in the years 1914–1915 at the onset of World War I. Having run away from her detested boarding school Celandine is too afraid to go home in case she is sent back.
 Manikwadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Varifula is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 The Museum of Broken Relationships (Croatian: Muzej prekinutih veza) is a museum in Zagreb Croatia dedicated to failed love relationships. Its exhibits include personal objects left over from former lovers accompanied by brief descriptions.The museum began as a traveling collection of donated items the museum has since found a permanent location in Zagreb. It received the Kenneth Hudson Award for Europe's most innovative museum in 2011.
 Los Angeles Reader was a weekly paper established in 1978 and distributed in Los Angeles USA. It followed the format of the (still active) Chicago Reader. The paper was known for having lengthy thoughtful reviews of movies plays and concerts in the LA area. James Vowell was its founding editor.
 Sugar Creek is a tributary of the Tuscarawas River in northeastern Ohio in the United States. It is 45 miles (72 km) long. Via the Tuscarawas Muskingum and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 356 square miles (922 km²) on glaciated and unglaciated portions of the Allegheny Plateau.It is the namesake of Sugarcreek Ohio and of townships in Stark Tuscarawas and Wayne counties Ohio.
 Son of the Pink Panther (1993) is the ninth entry in the 30-year-old The Pink Panther film series. Directed by Blake Edwards it stars Roberto Benigni as Inspector Clouseau's illegitimate son. Also in this film are Panther regulars Herbert Lom Burt Kwouk and Graham Stark and a star of the original 1963 film Claudia Cardinale. It was the final film for both writer-director Blake Edwards and composer Henry Mancini; Edwards retired from movie making and Mancini died the following year.
 Cory Anthony Booker (born April 27 1969) is an American politician and the junior United States Senator from New Jersey. At the time of his election to the Senate he was the Mayor of Newark. Booker was born in Washington D.C. and then raised in Harrington Park New Jersey.
 Rusibórz [ruˈɕibuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo within Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Dominowo 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 36 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Saving Fish From Drowning is a 2005 novel written by Amy Tan. It is Tan's sixth and most recent work. The book is about twelve American tourists that travel to China and Burma.The novel was awarded an honorable mention from the Asian/Pacific American Awards for Literature.
 Samantha Gwendoline Cameron (née Sheffield; born 18 April 1971) is a British businesswoman and wife of David Cameron the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.Until 13 May 2010 Cameron was the creative director of stationers Smythson of Bond Street. She took on a part-time consultancy role after her husband became Prime Minister.
 45 rpm: The Singles 1980–1982 is a box set compilation by British rock band The Jam. The set contains nine singles released by the band between 1980 and 1982 in remastered formats with original artwork and reproduction sleeves.
 Ronald A. Brisé (born June 12 1974) serves as Chairman of the Florida Public Service Commission. He previously served as Florida State Representative of District 108. He is an Haitian-American and a strong supporter of the Haitian-American Community.
 The Aninoasa River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Paradysstroma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 George Elyott Dement Jr. (January 23 1922 – January 12 2014) was an American innkeeper and restauranteur who served from 1989 to 2005 as the mayor of Bossier City Louisiana.
 Loch Brown also known in Scots as Loch Broun Broon or Broom was situated in a kettle hole in the mid-Ayrshire clayland near Crosshands. It is nowadays (2011) visible as a surface depression in pastureland partially flooded situated in a low lying area close to farms and dwellings of Skeoch Dalsangan Ladebrae Lochhill and Crosshands mainly in the Parish of Mauchline and partly in Craigie East Ayrshire Scotland.
 Caravan Kidd (キャラバン キッド Kyaraban Kiido) is a shōnen science fiction manga by Johji Manabe. It was published in the United States and Canada in English by Dark Horse Comics.
 Posądza [pɔˈsɔnd͡za] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Proszowice and 27 km (17 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Nie dla oka... (Not for the Eye...) is a debut studio album of Polish actress and singer Agnieszka Włodarczyk. It was released in November 2007 following Włodarczyk's win in Jak oni śpiewają a Polish edition of Soapstar Superstar.
 Muricopsis (Risomurex) schrammi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Ding Baozhen (Ting Pao-chen; simplified Chinese: 丁宝桢; traditional Chinese: 丁寶楨) was the Qing Dynasty governor of Sichuan Province China after whom the Szechuan dish Kung Pao chicken was named.
 What About Me is the debut studio album by Anne Murray issued in 1968 on Arc Records. Upon its release the album was only issued in Canada (it would later be issued in the U.S. following Murray's 1970s chart success there).
 Crowdy Reservoir is located on Bodmin Moor near Camelford in north Cornwall. It supplies water to the North Cornwall water distribution network via treatment at the Lowermoor Water Treatment Works. It is fed by run-off and drainage from surrounding moorland.
 The Large Blue Emperor Large Blue Charaxes or Divebomber Charaxes (Charaxes bohemani) is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found in eastern and southern Africa.The wingspan is 65–75 mm in males and 78–95 mm in females. Their flight period is year-round.
 St. Anne's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located in Church Circle Annapolis. The first church in Annapolis it was founded in 1692 to serve as the parish church for the newly created Middle Neck Parish one of the original 30 Anglican parishes in the Province of Maryland.
 Beckford Priory was a medieval monastic house historically within Gloucestershire presently in Worcestershire England.
 Nth Man: The Ultimate Ninja is a comic book about an American ninja set in an unspecified near future where World War III has started. It was written by Larry Hama between 1989 and 1990 based largely on his success writing the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero comic which he wrote concurrently with The Nth Man (and also features a modern ninja as one of the main characters). Nth Man and Alfie O'Meagan first appeared in Marvel Comics Presents #25 (August 1989).
 Rise Up! is a 1998 concept album by Chicago-based rocker Bobby Conn released on Truckstop Records.
 Pierre Antoine Deblois (October 15 1815 – June 21 1898) was a Quebec farmer businessman and political figure. He was a Conservative member of the Senate of Canada for La Salle division from 1883 to 1898.He was born at Quebec City in 1815. Deblois was also mayor of Beauport. He was named to the Senate in February 1883.He died in office in 1898.His nephew Sir Adolphe-Philippe Caron was a member of the House of Commons and served in the cabinet of Sir John A. Macdonald.
 Zetheumenidion is a small afrotropical genus of potter wasps currently containing 5 species one of them with two recognized subspecies. The species are distributed through southern and eastern Africa.
 Tetrarhanis ilma is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Angola Uganda Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of primary forests.
 Auntie Aubrey's Excursions Beyond the Call of Duty is a remix compilation by The Orb originally released on a limited edition four record set in 1996. It was re-released five years later on CD along with its sequel Auntie Aubrey's Excursions Beyond the Call of Duty Part 2. The original vinyl did not have Lily Was Here or Marathon's Movin and instead had Depeche Mode's Happiest Girl Erasure's Ship of Fools Primal Scream's Higher Than The Sun and Lovekittens' What Goes On.
 Golinka [ɡɔˈlinka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Bojanowo 11 km (7 mi) north of Rawicz and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Euphaedra solida is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Where the Humans Eat is the first full-length album released by American singer-songwriter Willy Mason. It was recorded in Catskill New York in early May 2004. Songs were mostly recorded live and feature Mason singing and playing guitar (adding cello accordion and vibraphone in the studio) and his younger brother Sam on drums.
 Epischidia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Rebel in 1901.
 The Bădila River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 Bring You Back is the debut studio album by American country music artist Brett Eldredge. It was released on August 6 2013 by Atlantic Nashville. The album includes Eldredge's debut single Raymond and his third single Don't Ya the latter of which has reached Number One on the Country Airplay chart. The album has gained critical acclaim by music critics.
 The Thon or Ton is a small offshoot of the Oise river making it a sub-offshoot of the River Seine. It crosses the Ardennes and Aisne departments and is the central river of the Thiérache.
 The McLemore House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.The property has also been known as the Harvey McLemore House as it was the home of ex-slave Harvey McLemore who became a successful farmer. It has also been known as the House and Estate of Maggie Matthews.
 Thorong La or Thorung La is a summit pass located 5416 metres (17769 ft) above sea level in the Damodar Himal north of the Annapurna Himal in central Nepal. It connects the village of Manang (3540 m) in the Manang district to the east with the temple of Muktinath (3800 m) and the village of Ranipauwa (3700 m) to the west in the Mustang district. It is regularly used by local traders.
 Q'umirqucha or Q'umir Qucha (Quechua q'umir green qucha lake green lake hispanicized spelling Jomercocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region Quispicanchi Province Marcapata District. It is situated at a height of about 4637 metres (15213 ft) about 0.54 km long and 0.36 km at its widest point. Q'umirqucha lies between the mountains Paqu Ananta and Ch'akiriyuq of the Willkanuta mountain range north of the village Yanaq Qusqu K'uchu.
 Schrankia nouankaoa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on the New Hebrides.
 Quai des Orfèvres is a 1947 French police procedural drama based on the book Légitime défense by Stanislas-Andre Steeman. Directed by Henri-Georges Clouzot the film stars Suzy Delair as Jenny Lamour Bernard Blier as Maurice Martineau Louis Jouvet as Inspector Antoine and Simone Renant as Dora.The film was Clouzot's third directorial effort and the first after the controversy of Le corbeau.
 $ also known as Dollars and in the UK as The Heist is a 1971 American caper film starring Warren Beatty and Goldie Hawn and distributed by Columbia Pictures. The movie was written and directed by Richard Brooks and produced by M.J. Frankovich. The supporting cast includes Gert Fröbe Robert Webber and Scott Brady.
 The Rich Man's Wife is a 1996 American thriller film written and directed by Amy Holden Jones and starring Halle Berry. The title character becomes a suspect when her husband is murdered and the investigating detectives are suspicious of her alibi.
 Lanelater fuscipes is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae subfamily Agrypninae.
 China Town (Malayalam: ചൈന ടൌണ്‍) is a 2011 Malayalam comedy film starring Mohanlal Jayaram Dileep Kavya Madhavan and Poonam Bajwa in the lead roles while Dipa Shah Pradeep Rawat Suraj Venjaramoodu Captain Raju Shankar Shanavas Jose Jagathi Sreekumar Maya Viswanath Bindu Asokan Lakshmi and Deepu Karunakaran play other pivotal roles. Written and directed by the duo Rafi Mecartin it portrays the story of love and friendship of three friends who were in the various fields of life.
 Entomocorus gameroi is a species of driftwood catfish native (possibly endemic) to Venezuela and questionably present in Colombia. It is found in the Apure River basin. It grows to a length of 7.0 cm and can be distinguished from its congeners by an oblique band crossing from the dorsal profile of the caudal peduncle to the middle-upper rays of the caudal fin. E.
 President Plaza (統一廣場) is an Asian-themed shopping mall located in the Golden Village district of Richmond British Columbia at the intersection of Cambie Road at No. 3 Road between Yaohan Centre and Aberdeen Centre.The mall's anchor tenant is T & T Supermarket a supermarket chain based in Richmond.
 Pudimadaka or Pudi Madaka (Telugu: పూడిమడక) is a village in Achutapuram mandal of Visakhapatnam district Andhra Pradesh India.
 Cotesia is a genus of Braconid wasp.
 Neighborhood Supastar Pt. 3 is a collaboration album by American rappers The Boy Boy Young Mess and Philthy Rich released in June 2011 via Livewire Records & SMC Recordings. The last of the Neighborhood Supastar series it features guest appearances from Mistah F.A.B. J. Stalin Glasses Malone Rydah J. Klyde and Kafani among others. It charted on the Heatseekers Pacific chart.
 Poźrzadło Wielkie [pɔˈʑʐadwɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] (German: Groß Spiegel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Kalisz Pomorski 20 km (12 mi) south of Drawsko Pomorskie and 87 km (54 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Ladies and Gentlemen is a play by Charles MacArthur and Ben Hecht. The courtroom drama inspired by a Hungarian play Twelve in a Box by Ladislaus Bush-Fekete centers on the relationship that develops between two sequestered jurors Miss Scott and Mr. Campbell during a lengthy murder trial.The play premiered in Santa Barbara then ran for two weeks each in San Francisco and Los Angeles with Helen Hayes and Herbert Marshall in the lead roles.
 Namenlos (German for nameless) is the eighth studio album from Austrian band L'Âme Immortelle.
 Gleam is a live album recorded in 1975 by jazz trumpeter Freddie Hubbard. It was released as a double LP on Sony Music Japan and features a live performance recorded in Tokyo by Hubbard Carl Randall George Cables Henry Franklin Carl Burnett and Buck Clark. The selections are extended performances of material from Hubbard's recent albums High Energy and Polar AC; as well as three songs from the upcoming and as of then unrecorded album Liquid Love.
 Per amore di Poppea (For the Love of Poppaea) is a 1977 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti and set in the ancient Rome.
 Nesoryzomys darwini also known as Darwin's Nesoryzomys or Darwin's Galápagos Mouse is a species of rodent in the genus Nesoryzomys that lived on Santa Cruz Island in the Galápagos Islands. It was probably nocturnal and inhabited burrows or rock crevices under bushes. Only four specimens exist collected by Frank Wonder between 12 and 16 January 1929.
 Front Porch Stories is Avail's sixth and final studio album and released on Fat Wreck Chords in 2002.
 Moskwa [ˈmɔskfa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. (Moskwa is also the Polish name for Moscow.)
 Live Extracts (released 2010 in Oslo Norway by Jazzland – 0602527364575) is a Nu Jazz album by the Norwegian guitarist Eivind Aarset's Sonic Codex Orchestra.
 This article is about Jameh Mosque of Borujerd; for similar uses see Jameh Mosque (disambiguation).The Jāmeh Mosque of Borujerd (Persian: مسجد جامع بروجرد‎ – Masjid-e-Jāmeh Borujerd) is a congregational mosque (Jāmeh) in Borujerd in the province of Loristan western Iran. The mosque is the oldest mosque in the Zagros area and western Iran. It ranks as No. 228 in the Inventory of National Artefacts of Iran. The mosque located in the old district of Borujerd city previously called Do Dangeh.
 My Brother Borat is an upcoming Kazakh dark comedy film written and directed by Erkin Rakishev as an unauthorised sequel to the 2006 film Borat: Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan created by the director to address mis-conceptions of Kazakhstan as portrayed in the 2006 film. The film is stated for release early in 2011.
 The Undertones is the 1979 debut album by The Undertones. The album was recorded at Eden Studios in London in early 1979 and released in May that year. The original release included just one single release: Jimmy Jimmy and an album version of Here Comes The Summer which was never released as a single.A re-released version of the album (housed in an alternate sleeve) was issued in October 1979.
 The Schutter is a 55 kilometer long river in Baden-Württemberg Germany a left tributary of the Kinzig.The source is located at the Hünersedel at 680 m height. From there the Schutter runs firstly westwards through the Schuttertal and after an almost right-angled crease in a northerly direction it passes the towns of Seelbach and Lahr. It leaves then the Black Forest and flows parallel to the Rhine through the Upper Rhine Graben until it joins the Kinzig at Kehl.
 The Norfolk Ground Dove (Gallicolumba norfolciensis) was a species of bird in the Columbidae or pigeon family.It was endemic to Norfolk Island but became extinct due to introduced predators disappearing within a few decades after European settlement in the late 18th century.
 Orthogonius cambodgensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 Rębiechów [rɛmˈbjɛxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Kobylin 18 km (11 mi) west of Krotoszyn and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Abbasabad-e Eyshabad (Persian: عباس ابادعيش اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e ʿEyshābād; also known as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Negar Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Eleutherodactylus barlagnei is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Guadeloupe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers and pastureland.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mount George V is a mountain located in Strathcona Provincial Park on Vancouver Island in British Columbia. This peak is located 3.2 km (2 mi) south of Mount Albert Edward. Mount Frink and Castlecrag Mountain are within 2 km (1 mi) to the northeast. Its first ascent may have been by surveyors in the 1930s.
 Daryl Beall (born December 11 1946) is an American politician. He is the Iowa State Senator from the 5th District. A Democrat he has served in the Iowa Senate since 2003. He received his A.A. from Iowa Central Community College his B.A.
 Waterman Creek is a 3.0-mile-long (4.8 km) southward-flowing stream in southern San Mateo County California. Rising near Big Basin Way and the Santa Cruz County line it empties into Pescadero Creek.In 2008 a conservation organization awarded $32000 to the San Mateo County Farm Bureau to fund removal of a 12-foot (3.7 m) high 100 year-old log dam that was preventing steelhead from accessing potential spawning grounds in the upper reaches of the creek.
 Blow Up is an extended play by the Australian electro house group The Presets the band's first release. It was released on 17 November 2003. Silverchair's lead guitarist Daniel Johns guests on three tracks and co-wrote Cookie with The Presets' members Julian Hamilton and Kim Moyes. Hamilton and Moyes also produced mixed and engineered the album.
 The Big Caper is a 1957 film noir movie based on the 1955 pulp novel of the same name by Lionel White. It was directed by Robert Stevens and stars Rory Calhoun Mary Costa and James Gregory
 The Rába (German: Raab; Hungarian: Rába; Slovene: Raba; Prekmurian: Rába) is a river in southeastern Austria and western Hungary and a right tributary of the Danube. Its source is in Austria some kilometres east of Bruck an der Mur below Heubodenhöhe Hill. It flows through the Austrian states of Styria and Burgenland and the Hungarian counties of Vas and Győr-Moson-Sopron. It flows into a tributary of the Danube (Mosoni-Duna) in northwestern Hungary in the city of Győr.
 The Baccharis Borer (Hellinsia balanotes) is a moth of the Pterophoridae family which is native to the United States Guatemala and northern Mexico including Arizona Texas Florida Mississippi South Carolina and Maryland but has been introduced to Australia for the control of Baccharis halimifolia.The wingspan is 31–42 millimetres (1.2–1.7 in).
 Cramond is a historic home located in Tredyffrin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was designed by the noted architectural firm of McKim Mead & White in the Classical Revival style. It was built in 1886 and is a 2 1/2-story six bay half-timbered dwelling sided in clapboard. It has a hipped roof with a pair of hipped dormers and two large brick chimneys. It is occupied by a private school known as The Goddard School.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Exempla Saint Joseph Hospital is a hospital in the City Park West neighborhood of Denver.
 Pixie Pop (ゴックン!ぷーちょ Gokkun! Pūcho) is a shōjo manga created by Ema Toyama. The series was first published in 2004 by Kodansha. Pixie Pop was then later translated and publicized on 13 February 2007 by Tokyopop (year may vary with the United Kingdom).The series lasted for three volumes and is rated 13 for romance.
 Melody Time (working title All in Fun) a 1948 film is the 10th theatrically released animated feature produced by Walt Disney and released to theatres by RKO Radio Pictures on May 27 1948. Made up of several sequences set to popular music and folk music the film is like Make Mine Music before it the popular music version of Fantasia (an ambitious film that proved to be a commercial disappointment upon its original theatrical release).
 Tarzan of the Apes is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the first in a series of books about the title character Tarzan. It was first published in the pulp magazine All-Story Magazine in October 1912; the first book edition was published in 1914. The character was so popular that Burroughs continued the series into the 1940s with two dozen sequels.
 Sándor Egeresi (Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈʃaːndor ˈɛɡɛrɛʃi]; Serbian: Шандор Егереши / Šandor Egereši; born 25 June 1964 in Bačka Topola SAP Vojvodina SFR Yugoslavia) is a Vojvodinian politician of Hungarian descent. He finished elementary and secondary school in Bačka Topola after which he finished secondary School of Law.
 William Maxwell Max Aitken 1st Baron Beaverbrook PC ONB (25 May 1879 – 9 June 1964) was an Anglo-Canadian business tycoon politician and writer.Lord Beaverbrook held a tight grip on the British media as an influential press baron owning The Daily Express newspaper as well as the London Evening Standard and the Sunday Express.
 New Provinces: Poems of Several Authors was an anthology of Canadian poetry published in the 1930s anonymously edited by F. R. Scott assisted by Leo Kennedy and A. J. M. Smith. The first anthology of Canadian modernist poetry it has been hailed as a landmark anthology and a milestone selection of modernist Canadian verse.
 Storfosna Church (Norwegian: Storfosna kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Ørland in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located on the island of Storfosna.The church was built in 1913 to hold up to 150 people. The architect Johan Kunig designed the building. The church has about 12 scheduled Sunday worship services per year. The church is part of the Ørland parish in the Fosen deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 The African Leaf Butterfly (Precis tugela) also known as the Eared Commodore is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern and southern Africa ranging from Ethiopia to South Africa. It is commonly included in the genus Precis instead of Junonia.The wingspan is 55–60 mm in males and 58–64 mm in females.The larvae feed on Plectranthus spp. and Englerastrum scandens.
 The Mind's Eye (Det grovmaskiga nätet) is a 1993 novel by Håkan Nesser in the Van Veeteren series translated into English in 2008 by Laurie Thompson. Nesser was awarded the 1993 Swedish Crime Writers' Academy Prize for new authors for this novel.A TV series based on the novel was produced in 2000 see The Mind's Eye (TV series).
 Sexto Sentido (Spanish for Sixth Sense) is the 29th album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was released in 2002 as part of a new recording contract with Warner Music Latina and was produced by Kike Santander. It marked the first time that the singer collaborates with her daughter Noelia in the tracks Te Vine A Buscar and La Luna.The track 'La Luna' was translated to the Spanish by her daughter Noelia and she also sings backup vocals on the track.
 Muglbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 CrazySexyCool: The TLC Story is a 2013 American television biographical film about the R&B and hip hop musical trio TLC. The film stars Keke Palmer as Rozonda Chilli Thomas Niatia Lil Mama Kirkland as Lisa Left Eye Lopes and Drew Sidora as Tionne T-Boz Watkins. The film was directed by Charles Stone III and written by Kate Lanier. Thomas and Watkins also served as executive producers of the film.The film premiered on VH1 on October 21 2013.
 A Tangled Web is a novel by L. M. Montgomery. It is one of the few books she published that was written mainly for adults. It centers on a community consisting mainly of two families the Penhallows and the Darks. Over three generations 60 members of the Penhallow family have married 60 members of the Dark family creating a tangled web of relationships and emotions.The book was not as financially successful as Montgomery's earlier works as it was released after the Wall Street crash of 1929.
 The Reed Loch was also known as Loch Green. As a curling pond it was probably known as the Fullarton House Pond located as it was on the edge of the Fullarton House and Crosbie Castle estate curtilage It was originally a shallow and overgrown freshwater loch hence the name Reed Loch and its marshy appearance on Johnson's 1828 map. It was cleaned out and used as a curling pond in the latter part of the 19th century before falling out of use and being drained in the late 20th century.
 The Manouane River flows from west to east in the Haute-Mauricie (Upper-Mauricie) at northwest of La Tuque in the administrative region of Lanaudière and Mauricie in the Province of Quebec Canada. The river basin is mostly covered by forest.
 Colerain Forges Mansion is a historic home located at Franklin Township in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built in four stages between the late-18th century and mid- to late-19th century. It appears as a two-story five bay T-shaped dwelling with a one-story full-length porch in the Federal style. The oldest section is the two-story plastered midsection. The frame portion to the east dates to the 1830s and the brick section to the west to the 1840s.
 Rohoznice (Jičín District) is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 The Valley is an amateur film made by then fifteen-year-old Peter Jackson in 1976 with his friends. It was strongly influenced by the films of Ray Harryhausen. It was filmed silent on a Super 8 camera and was shown on children's television show Spot On.
 Brown Sugar is a 1922 British silent romance film directed by Fred Paul and starring Owen Nares Lillian Hall-Davis and Eric Lewis. It was based on a play by Lady Arthur Lever.
 The slate pencil urchin Eucidaris thouarsii is a cidaroid sea urchin that inhabits littoral regions of the Pacific Ocean.
 Open is the second studio album from the Christian band yFriday. Released in 2001 the CD also contains Head Over Heels which was released as the band's only single.
 Deudorix vansomereni Van Someren’s Playboy is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-eastern Kenya and north-eastern Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Acacia species and Agalana obliqua.
 Relentless is the tenth studio album by the Australian christian metal band Mortification.
 Čtyřlístek (English: Four-leaf clover) is a Czech comic book continuously published since 1969 created by Jaroslav Němeček. In the 1980 an average edition contained about 220 000 prints and became one of the most popular comic books for children in Czechoslovakia.
 Uranothauma confusa is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania (the Livingstone Mountains) and Malawi (the mountains in the south of the country except Mount Mlanje).
 Monotheist is the sixth and according to band members final studio album by the Swiss heavy metal band Celtic Frost. The album was released in May 2006 and was the first new recording released by the band for fourteen years.
 Practical Computing was a UK computer magazine published monthly. The magazine was published by IPC Electrical Electronic Press Ltd. The first edition was released in August 1978 as a special computer show edition and the second issue was October 1978. The magazine carried on to 1987 when it merged with Business Computing.
 Çatak is a village in the Saimbeyli Adana Province Turkey.
 Łozienica [wɔʑeˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Goleniów and 20 km (12 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Argiope catenulata also known as the grass cross spider is a species of Orb-weaver spider ranging from India to the Philippines to Papua New Guinea. Like other species of the same genus it builds a web with a zig-zag stabilimentum.
 The Basilica of the Sacred Heart in Notre Dame Indiana USA is a Roman Catholic church on the campus of the University of Notre Dame also serving as the mother church of the Congregation of Holy Cross in the United States. The neo-gothic church has 44 large stained glass windows and murals completed over a 17 year period by the Vatican painter Luigi Gregori.
 Hernandez Reservoir is an artificial lake created in by impounding water from the San Benito River in the Diablo Mountain Range of San Benito County California.
 The Sas dles Nü (German: Neuner; Italian: Cima Nove) is a mountain in the Dolomites near La Val South Tyrol Italy.
 The Bridesmaid is a 2004 film co-written and directed by Claude Chabrol. Its title in French is La Demoiselle d'honneur. The film is based on the novel The Bridesmaid by Ruth Rendell.
 The Knights of Pythias Pavilion in Franklin Tennessee also known as Carlisle House is a Classical Revival architecture building designed by Henry Gibel and built in 1897.
 Mehmet Zeki Sezer is a Turkish politician and former chairman of the Democratic Left Party (Demokratik Sol Parti DSP) he was elected in the 6th ordinary party congress in 2004 after the resignation of Bülent Ecevit.Sezer was born in 1957 in Eskişehir. He graduated from M. Rüştü Uzel Chemistry Vocational High School and then from the School of Chemical Engineering at Gazi Üniversitesi in Ankara.
 Coenolarentia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Maeda Toshinaga (前田 利長 February 15 1562 – June 27 1614) was a Japanese daimyo who was the second head of the Kaga Domain. He was the eldest son of Maeda Toshiie and married one of Oda Nobunaga's daughters Ei-hime.He supported Tokugawa Ieyasu and after receiving his brother Toshimasa's lands (Noto 215000 koku) controlled a total of 1250000 koku an amount exceeded only by the Shogunate.
 Lomax African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Zion church located at 2704 24th Rd. South in Arlington Virginia. It was built in 1922 and is a one story three bay by six bay brick church building on a parged concrete foundation. It features two unequal-sized crenellated towers and brick buttresses along the facade and side elevations in the Late Gothic Revival style.
 St. Wystan's Church Repton is a parish church located in Repton Derbyshire famous for its Anglo-Saxon crypt which is the burial place of two Mercian Kings. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is dedicated to the Anglo-Saxon Saint Wystan (or Wigstan) who was formerly buried within the church's crypt.
 Ha is the second release by the tabla artist and music producer Talvin Singh. With yet another near-universally understood title the album mellows down the crossbred musical concepts of his previous album and draws more inspiration from the Indian sub-continent.
 Qaleh-ye Sheykh Jasem (Persian: قلعه شيخ جاسم‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Sheykh Jāsem) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 428 in 75 families.
 Lake Hauroko is located in a mountain valley in Fiordland National Park in the South Island of New Zealand. The long S-shaped lake is 30 kilometres in length and covers an area of 63 km². The surface is at an altitude of 150 metres above sea level and the lake is 463 metres deep. It is New Zealand's deepest lake.One of the country's southernmost lakes it is 35 kilometres northwest of Tuatapere between the similarly-sized lakes Monowai and Poteriteri.
 The Koffler Centre of the Arts is a broad-based cultural institution established in 1977 by Murray and Marvelle Koffler and based at Artscape Youngplace in the West Queen West area of downtown Toronto Ontario. It is a Jewish cultural institution with a broad mandate to serve all and present a wide range of artistic programs through a global lens in a specifically Canadian context.
 H2 (Japanese: エイチ・ツー Hepburn: Eichi Tsū) is a Japanese manga written by Mitsuru Adachi portraying high school baseball. It has been made into an 41-episode anime series and an 11-episode television drama series H2: Kimi to Ita Hibi directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi.
 Ab Kaseh (Persian: اب كاسه‎ also Romanized as Āb Kāseh) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 36 families.
 Antigius attilia is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is widespread from Japan the Korean Peninsula the Russian Far East throughout northern central and western China to Taiwan.The wingspan is 14–16 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus serrata Quercus acutissima Quercus variabilis Quercus mongolica Quercus dentate and Quercus aliena. Subspecies yamanakashoji has been recorded on Quercus acutissima.
 The Mandarin Duck (Aix galericulata) or just Mandarin is a medium-sized East Asian perching duck closely related to the North American Wood Duck. It is 41–49 cm long with a 65–75 cm wingspan.
 The Lișcovu Mic River is a tributary of the Lișcovu Mare River in Romania.
 Eastwood Creek in San Diego County California is a tributary of Coleman Creek that arises at the north face of the gold bearing mountain north of Julian in the Cuyamaca Mountains. From the source Eastwood Creek descends northwesterly a short distance then turns southwest down a canyon to its confluence with Coleman Creek just below the site of Branson City.
 The Road to Bresson (Dutch: De weg naar Bresson) is a 1984 Dutch documentary film directed by Leo De Boer and Jurriën Rood. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1984 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Passagassawakeag River (/pæsəɡæsəˈwɑːkɛɡ/ pas-uh-gas-uh-WAH-keg or /pəˌsɑːɡæsəˈwɑːkɛɡ/ pa-SAH-ga-suh-WAH-keg) is a 16-mile-long (26 km) river in Waldo County Maine in the United States. From the outlet of Lake Passagassawakeag (44°30′04″N 69°07′59″W) in Brooks it runs south and east to its estuary in Belfast Maine.
 Marsh Hall historically known as the Othniel C. Marsh House is a historic house at 360 Prospect Street on Prospect Hill in New Haven Connecticut. The property which includes the house and a 6.8 acres (2.8 ha) area was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.The four-story brownstone house was built in 1878 It was designed by J. Cleaveland Cady as the residence of Yale professor and paleontologist Othniel Marsh. Marsh left his estate to the university in 1899.
 The Ciumfu Mare River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 Frank Feighan (born 4 July 1962) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He has been a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Roscommon–South Leitrim constituency since 2007. He was elected to the Dáil at the 2007 general election. He was a member of the 22nd Seanad Éireann elected by the Administrative Panel from 2002 to 2007.Feighan is from Boyle County Roscommon. He took part in the RTÉ charity show You're a Star in 2006 to raise funds for a children's charity.
 The fallfish Semotilus corporalis is a freshwater fish a chub in the family Cyprinidae. It is found in the northeastern United States and eastern Canada where it inhabits streams rivers and lake margins. It is fished as a game fish but opinions vary as to its palatability. As far as a game fish goes it does put up a good fight. The fallfish tends to be very slimy when held.
 Gaj [ɡai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytoczna within Międzyrzecz County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 Mateo is a 1937 Argentine drama film directed and written by Mario Soffici.
 Konary [kɔˈnarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Dąbrowa Biskupia 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Inowrocław and 35 km (22 mi) south of Toruń.
 Damias postexpansa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Nocturnal is a novel and podcast by author Scott Sigler. The novel was originally released in 2007 in podcast format with a print format releasing in 2012 by Crown Publishing with some elements from the original version altered.
 Primrose Lake is a large lake in Saskatchewan and Alberta Canada. The lake straddles the Alberta/Saskatchewan border with most of the water surface in Saskatchewan. It is close to the better known Cold Lake Alberta.Primrose Lake has a total area of 448 km2 (173 sq mi) with 444 km2 (171 sq mi) water area (of which 17.7 km2 (6.8 sq mi) in Alberta) and lies at an elevation of 559 m (1834 ft).
 Derrumbe is the fourth album of Latin rap artist Gerardo. It was released in 1995 (see 1995 in music) on EMI Records.Once again Gerardo made an album composed entirely of lyrics in Spanish. The album was less influenced by Latin music than his previous works adding more elements of pop-rap and dance-pop music. The album garnered no hits but a video for the title track was filmed.This would be Gerardo's last album in six years until 2001's Fame Sex y Dinero.
 Liotyphlops argaleus is a species of snake in the Anomalepididae family. It is endemic to Colombia.
 Augustine Colin Macdonald (June 30 1837 – July 16 1919) was a Canadian merchant and political figure. He represented King's County and later King's in the Canadian House of Commons from 1873 to 1874 from 1878 to 1882 from 1883 to 1887 and from 1891 to 1900 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
 Mystery of the Samurai Sword is the 60th title of the Hardy Boys series written by Franklin W. Dixon. Grosset & Dunalp printed the book in 2005.
 Robert E. Burt was president of the Dallas Oil Company in the early 20th century and the mayor of Dallas Texas from 1927 - 1929.
 The Venerable Cecil Lloyd Matthews (1881–1962) was an eminent Anglican priest and author in the mid 20th century.Matthews was educated at Monmouth Grammar School and Keble College Oxford. In 1902-3 he was Assistant Master at The Limes Preparatory School Shrewsbury and from 1903-1907 was Assistant Master at Norwich School.
 Belomajite is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Ghost Town is the sixth full length album by Chicago musician Mike Kinsella under the moniker Owen. It was released on November 8 2011 to mostly positive reviews.
 Ibn Firnas is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon in honour of Abbas Ibn Firnas (a polymath from Andalucia Spain) who in the 7th century devised a chain of rings that could be used to simulate the motions of the planets and stars. Attached to the exterior of its southwestern rim is the prominent crater King. Only a few kilometers to the north separated by a rugged stretch of terrain is the larger crater Ostwald.
 Austrophlebia is a small genus of dragonflies in the family Aeshnidae. The species are very large with strong yellow markings on the thorax.The genus contains only two species:Austrophlebia costalis (Tillyard 1907) - Southern Giant DarnerAustrophlebia subcostalis Theischinger 1996 - Northern Giant Darner↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑ ↑
 The Year of the Dog (Russian: Год собаки translit. God sobaki) is a 1994 Russian drama film directed by Semyon Aranovich. It was entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding artistic contribution.
 Kiribatkumbura is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 La Gaceta is a weekly newspaper in Tampa Florida founded in 1922. Published in English Spanish and Italian it is the only trilingual newspaper in the United States.The paper was founded by Victoriano Manteiga a former lector in the cigar factories of West Tampa and Ybor City to serve the needs of the immigrant population of Tampa.Later his son Roland Manteiga took over as editor and publisher.
 Camille Laurin (May 6 1922 – March 11 1999) was a psychiatrist and Parti Québécois (PQ) politician in the province of Quebec Canada. MNA member for the riding of Bourget he is considered the father of Quebec's language law known informally as Bill 101.
 Ahmad Mustafa Karami (born 29 August 1944) is a Sunni Lebanese politician and minister of state in the cabinet of Najib Mikati.
 Gramma is a short story by Stephen King first published in Weirdbook magazine in 1984 and collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew. Certain characters/creatures/unearthly powers featured in the works of H.P. Lovecraft also appear in this story making it a story set in the Cthulhu Mythos.
 Agapise Me is the second studio album by Greek pop singer and Super Idol contestant Tamta. It was released on May 16 2007 by Minos EMI. The album was repackaged in early 2008 with Tamta's CD Single Mia Stigmi Esi Ki Ego/Ela Sto Rhythmo.Prin Ksana Erotefto is a Greek version of the song A Rose in the Wind by Anggun. I Zoi Einai Oraia was the Greek entry for the 2007 Mediterranean Song Contest.
 Clifton Alexander Woodrum (April 27 1887 - October 6 1950) was a U.S. Representative from Virginia.
 The Day After is a 1983 American television film that aired on November 20 1983 on the ABC television network. It was seen by more than 100 million people during its initial broadcast. It is currently the highest-rated television film in history.The film postulates a fictional war between NATO forces and the Warsaw Pact that rapidly escalates into a full-scale nuclear exchange between the United States and the Soviet Union.
 First Presbyterian Church is an historic Presbyterian church located at 642 Telfair Street in Augusta Georgia in the United States. The church was established in 1804 and the building was completed in 1812. It was designed by noted architect Robert Mills in the Romanesque style. On February 21 1997 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places listed as First Presbyterian Church of Augusta.During his childhood United States president Woodrow Wilson's father - Joseph R.
 Plaza 440 is a 49-story residential condominium building located in downtown Chicago Illinois.Originally built in 1992 it underwent a condominium conversion in 2005. The building contains 457 residential units and shares a 2000000-square-foot (190000 m2) mixed-use development with a 336-room Marriott hotel and a 400-space parking garage.
 Yolly Roberson is a Miami Florida attorney and Democratic politician who serves as the representative for District 104 of the Florida House of Representatives. She was first elected to the Florida House in 2002 and then reelected successively to three more terms. She served as Democratic Whip from 2004 to 2006.Representative Roberson was born in Mirebalais Haiti on October 26 1955.
 First Calvary Baptist Church is a historic African-American Baptist church located at Norfolk Virginia. It was built in 1915-1916 and is a four-story 11 bay brick church building in the Second Renaissance Revival style. The building features decorative terra cotta and stained-glass dome. It has a two tier engaged entrance portico with fluted columns Corinthian order capitals and terra cotta entabulatures.
 Kusthi is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2006. Prabhu and Karthik came together after Agni Natchathiram which was a blockbuster at the box office. Unfortunately this movie failed at the box office even though we have two established actors in the movie.
 Mohammed Thambi Hasen Ali (Hasan Ali) is a Sri Lankan politician and a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.In January 2003 Ali was elected secretary general of the Sri Lanka Muslim Congress (SLMC).Ali was appointed as the SLMC's National List MP in the Sri Lankan Parliament in April 2004. He resigned from Parliament in April 2008 to contest the Eastern Provincial Council elections. He was subsequently elected to EPC from Ampara district but resigned in July 2008.
 I'm the One is an album by Roberta Flack released in May 1982 which reached #59 on the album chart in Billboard whose R&B album chart afforded the album a #16 peak.The Burt Bacharach/Carole Bayer Sager-produced Making Love which appeared in the film of the same name and in the spring of 1982 had afforded Flack her final solo Top 40 hit (#13 on the Billboard Hot 100) was included on the I'm the One album along with eight new tracks co-produced by William Eaton Ralph MacDonald William Salter and Flack herself. 
 J. Francis Kellogg House is a historic home located at Avon in Livingston County New York. It is a Colonial Revival–style dwelling with Arts and Crafts influenced detailing constructed in 1908. It is a 2 1⁄2-story square frame residence with a flat topped hipped roof with dormers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Dolenz Jones Boyce & Hart was an album released by the group of the same name released in 1976. The group consisted of Micky Dolenz Davy Jones Tommy Boyce and Bobby Hart. Dolenz and Jones had been members of 1960s pop group/band The Monkees while Boyce and Hart had written many of the group's biggest hits such as Last Train to Clarksville and (Theme from) The Monkees. As such several publications such as Allmusic consider the album to be a Monkees-reunion album.
 Faith Promise Church is an American evangelical multi-site church with a central campus in Knoxville Tennessee.
 For the Simple Minds Album see Real Life (Simple Minds album).Real Life is the second studio album by Evermore released on 8 July 2006. The album debuted on the ARIA charts at number five and on the RIANZ charts at number two. The album reached double-platinum certification in Australia. Four singles were released from the album – Running Light Surrounding You Unbreakable and Never Let You Go.
 The North Fork Feather River is a watercourse of the northern Sierra Nevada in the U.S. state of California. It flows generally southwards from its headwaters near Lassen Peak to Lake Oroville a reservoir formed by Oroville Dam in the foothills of the Sierra where it runs into the Feather River. The river drains about 2100 square miles (5400 km2) of the western slope of the Sierras.
 Meggarine Guedima is a village in the commune of Megarine in Megarine District Ouargla Province Algeria. The village is located 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) northwest of Ain Beida and 5.5 kilometres (3.4 mi) east of the provincial capital Ouargla.
 The Valea Cășăriei River is a left tributary of the Prahova River in the area of Cumpătu Sinaia Romania.
 The Diamantino River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Bayfair Shopping Centre (usually referred to as 'Bayfair' by locals) is the main shopping mall in Tauranga.
 Szklarnia [ˈʂklarɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kochanowice within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Lubliniec and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 78.
 The Baby of Mâcon is a 1993 film written and directed by Peter Greenaway starring Ralph Fiennes Julia Ormond and Philip Stone.
 I gabestokken is a 1950 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Siennica 11 km (7 mi) south of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 43 km (27 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Róka Hasa Rádió is the fourth full-length album from Hungarian avant-garde metal group Thy Catafalque. It is a concept album about the relationship between the ever evolving solid and massive physical matter and the fragileness of humans and all living spirits throughout distant childhood memories and scientific explanations of nature.
 John Wallace de Beque Farris (December 3 1878 – February 25 1970) was a Canadian lawyer and politician.Born in White's Cove New Brunswick the son of Laughlin P. Farris and Louise Hay he was educated at St. Martin's Seminary received his Bachelor of Arts from Acadia University and received his Bachelor of Law from the University of Pennsylvania. He was called to the British Columbia Bar in 1903.
 Hypsopygia nitidicilialis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Hering in 1901. It is found on Sumatra.
 Pop and Contemporary Fine Art is a contemporary art gallery located on Orchard Road Central Region Singapore that resides on the third floor of Palais Renaissance. The gallery specialises in original paintings limited edition lithographs screen prints etchings and sculptures from the Pop and Contemporary Art genres.
 Lee Hong-yuan (Chinese: 李鴻源; pinyin: Lǐ Hóngyuán) is a politician in the Republic of China. He was the Minister of the Ministry of the Interior (MOI) of the Executive Yuan in 2012-2014.
 Pink Gods is a lost 1922 silent film melodrama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Penrhyn Stanlaws and starred Bebe Daniels and Adolphe Menjou. The source was a short story Pink Gods and Blue Demons by Cynthia Stockley. The film was released the same day as Manslaughter in which Pink Gods cast members Raymond Hatton and Guy Oliver also appear.
 Demos and Live Cuts Vol. 1 is a 2007 album by Michale Graves.
 The Journal of Neuroinflammation is a peer-reviewed open-access scientific journal covering immunological responses of the nervous system. It was established in 2004 and is published by BioMed Central. The editors-in-chief are Sue T. Griffin (University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences) and Robert E. Mrak (University of Toledo Medical Center).
 Temple Beth Zion is a Reform synagogue located at 805 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo New York. Founded in 1850 Temple Beth Zion is the largest Jewish congregation in Western New York and one of the oldest and largest reform congregations in the nation. The circular building features 10 scallop walls each a symbol of the 10 commandments. The temple contains a Casavant Frères 48-rank 4000-pipe organ.
 Hyalosagda hollandi is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
 Steven P. Neville (born June 30 1950 in Santa Fe New Mexico) is an American politician and a Republican member of the New Mexico Senate representing District 2 since January 2005.
 Rogożajny Wielkie [rɔɡɔˈʐai̯nɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wiżajny 29 km (18 mi) north of Suwałki and 137 km (85 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Bigge is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Pizzo Alzasca is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Cevio in the canton of Ticino.On the south side lies the lake of Alzasca.
 Mierovo (Hungarian: Béke Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈbeːkɛ]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Colonnade at State College is an open-air shopping center located just off North Atherton Street (Business Route 322) in State College Pennsylvania. Opened in 2000 the center is currently home to three anchors (Kohl's Target and Wegmans) plus many other well-known retailers including Chico's Ann Taylor LOFT PETCO HomeGoods Dick's Sporting Goods Michael's and JoS. A. Bank.Dining options include Applebee's Cracker Barrel Old Country Store and Wegmans Market Cafe.
 The Vestal (Rhodometra sacraria) is a moth of the family Geometridae.
 Spilauersee is a lake in the Canton of Uri Switzerland below Rossstock. The lake can be reached by foot in half an hour from the Chäppeliberg–Lidernen aerial tramway.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Daw Mauritania is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 The Orange-breasted Bunting (Passerina leclancherii) is a species of bird in the Cardinalidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It is more abundant in second growth than in undisturbed forest. The species was introduced to Oahu in 1941 but did not persist and was extirpated by 1952.
 Tenshi Ja Nai!! (天使じゃない!! tran. I'm no Angel!!) is a manga series by Takako Shigematsu. The manga was serialized in America by Go! Comi. The eighth and final volume was published in September 2007.
 Pseudotryphia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Blaenavon Ironworks is an industrial museum in Blaenavon in Wales. The ironworks was of crucial importance in the development of the ability to use cheap low quality high sulphur iron ores worldwide.
 Hobba is a village in the commune of Reguiba in Reguiba District El Oued Province Algeria. The village is located on the N48 highway at the junction with a local road leading to Reguiba 29 kilometres (18 mi) northwest of El Oued.
 Anasyntormon is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
 John Wayne Mixson (born June 16 1922) was the 39th Governor of the U.S. state of Florida. He assumed the office in January 1987 after Bob Graham stepped down to take his seat in the United States Senate and served only three days until the governor-elect Bob Martinez was sworn in. He also served as a Special Ambassador to Ecuador being appointed to this post by President Jimmy Carter in 1979.
 Sunshine Peak is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the San Juan Mountains in Hinsdale County approximately 9 miles (14 km) south west of Lake City and about 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Redcloud Peak. It rises on the north side of the Lake Fork of the Gunnison River.Sunshine Peak has the dubious distinction of being the lowest of Colorado's 54 official fourteeners.
 The Command is a 1954 CinemaScope Western film directed by David Butler. It stars Guy Madison and Gordon MacRae. It was based on the novel Rear Guard by James Warner Bellah and features a screenplay by Sam Fuller.
 Le Monnier is the remnant of a lunar crater that has been partly inundated by lava flows. It is located on the eastern edge of Mare Serenitatis and the western part of the rim is missing so that it now forms a large bay. To the north is the crater Chacornac.The interior of this formation is relatively flat and smooth with no significant craterlets to mark the surface. The outer rim is battered worn and notched with past impacts.
 Arroyo Calabasas (also known as Calabasas Creek) is a 7.0-mile-long (11.3 km) tributary of the Los Angeles River in the southwestern San Fernando Valley area of Los Angeles County in California.
 Rehmerloh-Mennighüffer Mühlenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Wood Creek Lake is a 672-acre (2.72 km2) reservoir in Laurel County Kentucky. Created by impounding Wood Creek in 1969 the lake is located in the middle of Daniel Boone National Forest.Wood Creek Lake Dam is a rock-fill dam 163 feet high and 800 feet long at its crest with a maximum capacity of 29101 acre-feet. Dam and lake are owned by the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
 The cocoa pod borer (Conopomorpha cramerella) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family.
 The Wicker Man is a 2006 American horror film written and directed by Neil LaBute and starring Nicolas Cage. The film is primarily a remake of the 1973 British cult classic The Wicker Man but also draws from its source material David Pinner's 1967 novel Ritual. Cage dedicated this film to his friend Johnny Ramone the guitarist of the band The Ramones who died 2 years earlier.
 Marianowo [marjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Wejherowo and 32 km (20 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 ¡All-Time Quarterback! is the third and final release from Ben Gibbard's solo project ¡All-Time Quarterback!. It is a collection of tracks from the now out of print EPs ¡All-Time Quarterback! and The Envelope Sessions. Oddly the ¡All-Time Quarterback! album excludes the tracks Don't Touch the Tape Lullaby Lullaby Dig It! and Stark Mobile despite its short album length.
 Toprzyny [tɔˈpʂɨnɨ] (German: Topprienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Górowo Iławeckie 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Bartoszyce and 64 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Millennium Hotel Mayfair is a luxury 4-star hotel in London England. It is located at 44 Grosvenor Square Mayfair to the east of Hyde Park and northeast of the Knightsbridge centre. The deluxe rooms to the hotels are a minimum 36 sq metres in size and are decorated in traditional furnishings.
 Salah Abdel Maqsoud (born 1958) (Arabic: صلاح عبد المقصود) is the minister of information of Egypt as part of the Qandil Cabinet.
 Robert Offley Ashburton Crewe-Milnes 1st Marquess of Crewe KG PC (12 January 1858 – 20 June 1945) known as The Lord Houghton from 1885 to 1895 and as The Earl of Crewe from 1895 to 1911 was a British statesman and writer.
 Angela Spindler is a British businesswomen and the CEO of N Brown Group Plc she assumed the role in July 2013. She is also the Chair of Remco based in Manchester. She is the former CEO of The Factory Shop Group Limited Whilst at the 'Factory Shop' Spindler oversaw a large expansion scheme and increased sales and profitability. In September 2012 The Telegraph reported that the chains year on year sales had increased almost 6% and its pre-tax profits up 30% in the prior six months.
 Immanuel Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a Tudor Revival style church building that consists of a one and half story front gable auditorium connected to a T-plan 2 1⁄2-story school wing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 I Tried to Rock You But You Only Roll is a pop/rock album by Leona Naess her second album released in 2001 by MCA Records.Naess wrote much of the album while on tour in support of her debut album Comatised (2000). She considered the album a second chapter of her debut but felt more confident recording it at the age of 26. The title track I Tried to Rock You But You Only Roll and Mayor Of Your Town were released as singles.
 Asgarabad (Persian: عسگراباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Asgarābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District Zarrin Dasht District Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 546 in 124 families.
 The Science of Discworld III: Darwin's Watch is a book set on the Discworld by Terry Pratchett Ian Stewart and Jack Cohen. It is the sequel to The Science of Discworld and The Science of Discworld II: The Globe.As with the first two volumes the book alternates between a Discworld story and a serious scientific discussion.The Science of Discworld series is arguably unique in style: we call it fact/fantasy fusion.
 Saturnight (subtitled Live in Tokyo) is a 1974 live album by Cat Stevens released only in Japan to support UNICEF.
 Manna is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Antologia Acústica is an acoustic compilation album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho. It was released in 1997 and went double-platinum and triple-platinum in 2004 with more than 750.000 copies sold.
 Soundtrack is a 2011 Bollywood Stoner drama film and is an official remake of the Canadian independent film It's All Gone Pete Tong (2004). The film was directed by Debutant Neerav Ghosh and features Rajeev Khandelwal and Soha Ali Khan. The film received positive reviews from critics but was a flop at the box office.
 Harutaeographa rubida is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Nepal and northern India(Sikkim).
 Koogu is a village in Aseri Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 The Aztec Theatre is a historic theater in Downtown San Antonio Texas USA.
 Eating is a 1990 American comedy-drama film starring Nelly Alard Lisa Blake Richards Frances Bergen Mary Crosby Gwen Welles Elizabeth Kemp Marina Gregory and written and directed by Henry Jaglom.
 Robert Grosvenor 1st Baron Ebury PC (24 April 1801 – 18 November 1893) styled Lord Robert Grosvenor from 1831 to 1857 was a British courtier and Whig politician. He served as Comptroller of the Household between 1830 and 1834 and as Treasurer of the Household between 1846 and 1847. In 1857 he was ennobled as Baron Ebury.
 Industrial Silence is the debut album of the Norwegian alternative rock band Madrugada. The best known track of the album is the ballad Vocal.From the album also exist a limited edition including 2 discs and a remastered Deluxe edition of the album was released on 5 July 2010. Disc 2 of the remastered Deluxe edition contains 4 previously unrelased demo recordings and also has tracks from all their early EPs. The remastering was done by Greg Calbi at Sterling Sound in New York.
 Trevor Raymond Sprigg (10 August 1946 – 17 January 2008) was an Australian politician and legislator from Western Australia as well as a former football star. Sprigg a member of the Liberal Party of Australia was the Liberal Party legislative whip as well as the member for the electorate of Murdoch in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly.Sprigg was elected to his seat in the Western Australian general election in 2005.
 Douglas A. Racine (born October 7 1952 in Burlington Vermont) is current Vermont Secretary of Human Services a former Vermont State Senator and was the 77th Lieutenant Governor of Vermont. He is a Democrat. Racine was a candidate for the 2010 Democratic nomination for Governor of Vermont. He previously ran for governor in 2002 but yielded to Republican Jim Douglas.
 Thomas L. Copeland (born April 17 1924) was an American politician from Washington.Copeland was born to Edwin and Delia Copeland in Pendleton Oregon. He served in the United States Army during World War II serving in Europe as a tank destroyer commander. After the conclusion of the war he stayed with the Army as an administrator and was eventually promoted to Captain.
 Damodar Kund (Gujarati: દામોદર કુંડ) is one of the sacred lakes as per Hindu beliefs which is located at the foothills of Girnar hills near Junagadh in Gujarat India.It is considered holy as per Hindu mythology and many Hindus prefer to bathe and immerse the ashes and the bones left after cremation of dead bodies here at Damodar Kund due to a belief that the departed souls would get moksha here.
 The Record of a Fallen Vampire (ヴァンパイア十字界 Vanpaia Jūji-Kai Vampire Cross-World) is a modern-day vampire-themed manga illustrated by Yuri Kimura (木村 有里 Kimura Yuri) and written by Kyo Shirodaira (城平 京 Shirodaira Kyō) writer behind the popular manga and anime series Spiral - Bonds of Reasoning. It was serialized in Monthly Shōnen Gangan and has been collected into nine tankōbon published by Square Enix. VIZ Media began releasing The Record of a Fallen Vampire in spring 2008.
 The Economic Observer (simplified Chinese: 经济观察报; traditional Chinese: 經濟觀察報; pinyin: jīngjìguānchá bào) is an independent[citation needed] weekly simplified Chinese-language newspaper published in the People's Republic of China since April 2001.
 Shahr-e Kohneh (Persian: شهركهنه‎ also Romanized as Khabūshān and Shahr Kohneh) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3683 in 930 families.
 Estarkhi (Persian: اسطرخي‎ also Romanized as Esţarkhī; also known as Estakhrī) is a village in Sangar Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 183 in 39 families.
 Doomsday is a novel by Warwick Deeping which was published in 1927.Set in post-1918 rural Sussex the story revolves around a girl with aspirations to leave her small town as well as her relationship with a man living on a local acreage known as the Doomsday Farm. The novel was developed into a movie of the same name which was released in 1928 and which starred Florence Vidor and Gary Cooper.
 Lamba (from Old Norse Lamb-hagi meaning lamb outfield) is a small village in the bottom of the inlet Lambavík on the East coast of Eysturoy Faroe Islands. There are similarly named places Lamba in Shetland and Lambay in Ireland.
 The Shoebill (Balaeniceps rex) also known as Whalehead or Shoe-billed Stork is a very large stork-like bird. It derives its name from its massive shoe-shaped bill. Although it has a somewhat stork-like overall form and has previously been classified in the order Ciconiiformes its true affiliations with other living birds is ambiguous. Some authorities now reclassify it with the Pelecaniformes. The adult is mainly grey while the juveniles are browner.
 The Lord Howe Thrush (Turdus poliocephalus vinitinctus) also known as Vinous-tinted Thrush or Vinous-tinted blackbird is an extinct subspecies of the Island Thrush (Turdus poliocephalus). It was endemic to Lord Howe Island an Australian island in the Tasman Sea where it was also called the Doctor Bird or Ouzel by the islanders. It had a length of 22.9 cm. The head was olive brown. The upperparts were chestnut brown. Wings and tail were dark brown.
 El Fagr (IPA: [elˈfæɡɾ]; also Al Fagr Arabic: الفجر‎ The dawn) is an Egyptian independent newsweekly based in Cairo. It was launched in June 2005. hassan Amr is one of the former editors of the paper.
 Her Story: Scenes from a Lifetime is the title of a two-disc live compilation album released in 2005 (see 2005 in country music) by American country music artist Wynonna Judd. The album was recorded live at the Grand Ole Opry house on February 1 2005. It features a mix of Wynonna's solo songs songs that she originally recorded as one-half of The Judds and some other cover songs.
 YOU is a South African family magazine that is aimed at demographically diverse South African English-speaking readers of different ethnicities with coverage on current events and interesting people. It has two sister magazines: Huisgenoot (aimed at White and Coloured Afrikaans-speaking readers) and Drum (aimed at Black English Sotho and Zulu - speaking readers).The YOU magazine was launched in 1987 by Nasionale Pers which later became Media24.
 Burj Al Arab (Arabic: برج العرب‎Tower of the Arabs) is a luxury hotel located in Dubai United Arab Emirates. It is 'The world's only 7 star Hotel' since 1999. At 321 m (1053 ft) it is the fourth tallest hotel in the world; however 39% of its total height is made up of non-occupiable space. Burj Al Arab stands on an artificial island 280 m (920 ft) from Jumeirah beach and is connected to the mainland by a private curving bridge.
 Ascalenia grisella is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Armenia.The wingspan is about 9.7 mm.The larvae feed on Tamarix species creating a stem gall.
 Lutfur Rahman (born 1965 or 1966) is the first directly elected mayor of Tower Hamlets in London. He was elected to the role in 2010 having previously been the leader of Tower Hamlets London Borough Council from 2008 to 2010. His first mayoral term has been marked by severe financial restrictions imposed upon the borough by the national government; much of his work has focused on assisting those affected by these cuts.
 One Guitar No Vocals is an instrumental album by American guitarist Leo Kottke released in 1999.
 Bartlett's Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge carrying Clara Barton Road over the French River in Oxford Massachusetts. The bridge was built in 1889 to a design by Charles A. Allen at the time a civil engineer for the city of Worcester. The bridge was built to replace an older wooden span at the request of Edwin Bartlett the owner of textile mills in North Oxford whose businesses and employees would have used the road.
 Józefowo [juzɛˈfɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Gródek and 39 km (24 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Big Bags is an album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring big band performances arranged by Tadd Dameron and Ernie Wilkins recorded in 1962 and released on the Riverside label.
 Aai Thor Tujhe Upkaar is a Marathi movie which was released in November 1999. The movie is produced by Uma Prakash Bhende and directed by her husband Prakash Bhende the movie shows how a greed ridden son drags his own mother to court for money.
 Roberto Carlos is an album by Brazilian singer and composer Roberto Carlos released in 1973.
 A járvány is a Hungarian film directed by Pál Gábor. It was released in 1975.
 Naughty by Nature is the self-titled second album from Naughty by Nature released on September 3 1991 through Tommy Boy Records. It was a critical and commercial success having been certified platinum on February 6 1992 thanks in large part to the hit single O.P.P. which reached #6 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1991.Additional singles released from the album were Everything's Gonna Be Alright and Uptown Anthem both of which were minor hits on the Billboard charts.
 The City Slicker is a 1918 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. Prints of the film survive in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 River Vashishti is one of the larger rivers in the Konkan coast of Maharashtra India.The town of Chiplun lies on its banks.The river begins in the Western Ghats and snakes its way westwards towards the Arabian Sea.Kolkiwadi Dam near Alore has a vast reservoir which feeds a tributary of the river.During the 2005 Maharashtra floods the river swelled its banks causing many of the city's residents to evacuate it.The river has many riverine islands.Crocodiles are known to inhabit the waters.
 The Story of the Great Heroes also known as The Great Heroes is a four-part Hong Kong film adapted from Louis Cha's novel The Return of the Condor Heroes. The film was released separately by each part in 1960 and 1961.
 Sister (French: L'Enfant d'en haut) is a 2012 Swiss drama film directed by Ursula Meier. The film competed in competition at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Special Award the Silver Bear.The film has been selected as the Swiss entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards making the January shortlist.
 The Vorona River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 ¡Alarma! is a 1981 album by rock band Daniel Amos released on Newpax Records.¡Alarma! released weeks after the band's the Beatles- and The Beach Boys-influenced Horrendous Disc took a decidedly New Wave direction along the lines of Elvis Costello or Talking Heads.Lyrically the album contains social commentary so harsh that CCM described it as perhaps the most scathing ever put out by a Christian label.¡Alarma! was the first of a four part series of albums by DA entitled The ¡Alarma! Chronicles which also included the albums Doppelgänger Vox Humana and Fearful Symmetry. 
 Alvian (Persian: علويان‎ also Romanized as Ālvīan) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 97 in 20 families.
 Toffee Apple is an album by the Australian children's musician Peter Combe. It features the popular songs Juicy Juicy Green Grass (A Sheep's Lament) Toffee Apple and Jack and the Beanstalk alongside several other song which remain in Combe's current set list.
 Juan Alfredo Pinto Saavedra (born 2 November 1953) is the current Ambassador of Colombia to India with concurrent accreditation to Iran Nepal Sri Lanka Bangladesh and until 2011 to Indonesia.
 The novel The Story of the Last Thought (in German Das Märchen vom letzten Gedanken) of the German-Jewish writer Edgar Hilsenrath is about the Armenian Genocide in 1915. The epic which has the form of a fairy tale (Märchen) and for which Hilsenrath received many prizes is regarded as the most important book about this historical episode. In 2006 the president of Armenia presented the author with the State Award for Literature of the Republic of Armenia for his work.
 Qaleh (Persian: قلعه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh and Kale) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 15 families.
 Diceratocephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived from 501 to 490 million years ago during the Dresbachian faunal stage of the late Cambrian Period.
 Lepidosaphes beckii also known as purple scale mussel scale citrus mussel scale orange scale comma scale and mussel purple scale is a scale insect that is a pest of Citrus trees. The small insects attach themselves to leaves fruits and small branches and cause injury by sucking the tree's sap.The specific name beckii is in honour of historian Richard Beck.
 Bziniczka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Mała Panew.
 Conchaspididae is a small and relatively unstudied family of scale insects.
 Kaganaias (meaning 'Kaga water nymph') is an extinct genus of mosasauroid lizard that lived in what is now Japan during the Early Cretaceous. Kaganaias was semi-aquatic and is the only known aquatic squamate to be found in Asia and is also the only known aquatic squamate known from before the Cenomanian stage of the Cretaceous. It is also the first to be found in an inland area instead of on the coast where aquatic squamates are commonly found.
 Down Among the Z Men is a B/W 1952 British comedy film starring The Goons; Spike Milligan Peter Sellers Michael Bentine and Harry Secombe.
 The Chimps of Fauna Sanctuary: A Canadian Story of Resilience and Recovery is a non-fiction book written by Canadian writer Andrew Westoll first published in May 2011 by Harper Collins. In the book the author chronicles the time he spent volunteering at the Fauna Sanctuary an animal refuge in Quebec for chimpanzees that had been used for biomedical research.
 Dissident Gardens is Jonathan Lethem's ninth novel. It is a multigenerational saga of revolutionaries and activists the civil rights movement and the counterculture from the 1930s Communists to the 2010s Occupy movement and is mostly set in Sunnyside Gardens Queens and in Greenwich Village.The title is an obvious play on Sunnyside Gardens.
 In Defense of Global Capitalism (in Swedish: Till världskapitalismens försvar) is a book by Swedish writer Johan Norberg promoting economic globalization and free trade. The book was originally published in May 2001 by the Swedish think tank Timbro. Since then a number of translations into other languages have followed.In the book Norberg examines the arguments put forward by the anti-globalization movement.
 Technology Tradition and the State in Africa is a book studying the indigenous political systems of sub-Saharan Africa written by the British social anthropologist Jack Goody (1919–) then a professor at St. John's College Cambridge University.
 Benjamin Ruggles (February 21 1783 – September 2 1857) was a National Republican and Whig politician from Ohio. He served in the U.S. Senate.
 Miri Marriott Resort & Spa is the first and only international five star hotel in Miri Malaysia as of April 2009.Miri is a city in northern Sarawak Malaysia on the island of Borneo. Miri is the birthplace of Sarawak's and Malaysia's petroleum industry which remains the major industry of the city. Gunung Mulu National Park near Miri Sarawak Malaysian Borneo is a UNESCO World Heritage Site that encompasses incredible caves and karst formations in a mountainous equatorial rainforest setting.
 Pyara Watan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.
 Lake Fehér is a lake of Hungary. It is named Fehér (White) because it is white. It is a part of Kiskunság National Park and it is situated just north of the town of Szeged. It covers an area of 14 square kilometres. Lake Fehér is Hungary's largest saltwater lake. It is carefully protected because it is home to 280 species of bird and because of its ancient flora. The area is an important stop in the migration of European birds and serves as a resting and feeding place for them.
 Daudebardia brevipes is a species of air-breathing land snail or semi-slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae which belongs to the Limacoid clade.
 Nowe Kłudno [ˈnɔvɛ ˈkwudnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Just Me and My Dad is a Little Critter book by Mercer Mayer; second in the series after Just for You. The story takes place when Little Critter and his dad go camping in the woods. He and his dad have a few misfortunes during their trip like Little Critter having trouble setting up the tent and a bear taking their freshly caught fish away from them.
 Raševica is a village in the municipality of Paraćin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1215 people.
 Los Superhéroes is the debut studio album by reggaeton duo J-King & Maximan released on June 15 2010.
 Elements is the third album released by the progressive / technical death metal band Atheist. It was released on August 30 1993 by Music for Nations in Europe and by Metal Blade Records in the US. Elements was reissued by Relapse Records in 2005 and was digitally remastered with the addition of six bonus tracks.The album has more of a jazz influenced style than their two previous albums[citation needed] but it remains highly technically complex.
 For the Dutch lawyer see Arnold Vinnius.Vinnius is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). They all occur in Brazil with one species also found in Argentina.The genera Frespera and Arnoliseus were split from this genus in 2002.
 Hallsborough Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located near Midlothian Chesterfield County Virginia. The original center section was built about 1790 and is a 1 1/2-story three bay double pen frame structure on a brick foundation. It was expanded by 1832 with the addition of the 1 1/2-story western section and two-story double pen eastern section.
 Naaigal Jaakirathai (Tamil: நாய்கள் ஜாக்கிரதை ; English: Beware of Dogs ) is an upcoming Indian Tamil comedy-thriller film written and directed by Shakti Soundar Rajan featuring a dog in the lead. The film which also stars Sibiraj is produced by his dad Sathyaraj under the banner Nathambal Film Factory which had earlier produced Lee.
 Kula is a volcanic field located in western Turkey. Kula field consists of a broad area of cinder cones and maars. It is the westernmost volcano of Turkey.The Kula volcano shows spectacular volcanic morphology with steep cones maars and basalt flows. The works revealed that it was formed in a time period between 7 Ma to Quaternary.
 The Edge of the Sea is a book by the American conservationist Rachel Carson first published by Houghton Mifflin in the U.S. in 1955. It is counted the third book of her so-called sea trilogy.The Edge of the Sea was made commercially possible by the smash success of its predecessor The Sea Around Us in 1951 and 1952. Carson had become a full-time writer and this third book may be called her first as a conservationist rather than a marine biologist.
 Bello Hayatu Gwarzo is a Nigerian politician who has been a member of the national senate since 1999.
 New Creek Mountain is a mountain ridge of the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians in Grant and Mineral counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia. The mountain is named for New Creek which rises and flows along its western flanks. It is part of the Wills Mountain Anticline with Knobly Mountain along its eastern flank. The Allegheny Front rises steeply to the west of New Creek Mountain.
 Something Wicked This Way Comes is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Iced Earth.
 Ramón Eusebio Castro Ruz (born October 14 1924) is the older brother of Fidel and Raúl Castro and a key figure of the Cuban Revolution.As the eldest male Castro sibling Ramón remained at home at the onset of the revolution looking after his parents and the sizable farm owned by the family.
 The Ransom of Red Chief is a 1907 short story by O. Henry first published in The Saturday Evening Post. It follows two men who kidnap and attempt to ransom a wealthy Alabaman's son; eventually the men are driven to distraction by the boy's spoiled and hyperactive behavior and end up having to pay the boy's father to take him back.The story and its main idea have become a part of popular culture with many children's television programs using a version of the story as one of their episodes.
 For the anthropologist see Walter Baldwin SpencerWinston Baldwin Spencer (born October 8 1948) is the Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda. He has been Prime Minister since March 24 2004 when his party the United Progressive Party (UPP) which he had led as the opposition party for several years won a parliamentary election. He has also been Minister of Foreign Affairs since January 6 2005.
 Sea Fog (Hangul: 해무; RR: Haemu) is an upcoming South Korean film.The film is adapted from the 2007 stage play of the same name which in turn was based on the true story of 25 Korean-Chinese illegal immigrants who suffocated to death in the storage tank of the fishing vessel Taechangho; their bodies were dumped by the ship's crew into the sea southwest of Yeosu on October 7 2001.
 Paper Moon was recorded by the Dave Brubeck Quartet at Coast Recorders in San Francisco California. The record was released in September 1981 by Concord Jazz a subsidiary of Concord Records. It was produced by Russell Gloyd and engineered by Ron Davis and Phil Edwards. On this recording pianist Dave Brubeck is accompanied by his son Chris Brubeck on the bass and bass trombone with Jerry Bergonzi on tenor sax and Randy Jones on the drums.
 Naravere is a village in Vigala Parish Rapla County in western Estonia.
 The Yellow-crowned Amazon or Yellow-crowned Parrot (Amazona ochrocephala) is a species of parrot native to the tropical South America and Panama. The taxonomy is highly complex and the Yellow-headed (A. oratrix) and Yellow-naped Amazon (A. auropalliata) are sometimes considered subspecies of the Yellow-crowned Amazon. Except in the taxonomic section the following deals only with the nominate group (including subspecies xantholaema nattereri and panamensis).
 Spatulosia malgassica is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1965. It is found on Madagascar.
 Norman B. Hansen is an American politician and government official who held various positions in Saugus Massachusetts. He served as Town Manager from 1987 to 1992 and on four occasions served as temporary Town Manager.
 The Man from Hong Kong (known in the U.S.A. as The Dragon Flies) is a 1975 action film that marked the first Australian-Hong Kong co-production filmed in both nations. It was directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith and starred Shanghai-born Jimmy Wang-Yu and former 007 George Lazenby. The film was later restored by the Australian National Film and Sound Archive.
 Loch Katrine (About this sound listen ; Scottish Gaelic: Loch Ceiteirein or Loch Ceathairne pronounced [lˠ̪ɔx kʲʰeʰtʲəɾʲɛɲ]) is a freshwater loch in the district of Stirling Scotland. It is roughly 8 miles long by 2/3 of a mile wide and runs the length of Strath Gartney (Gaelic: Srath Ghartain).
 Untitled R. Balki project is an upcoming Hindi film directed by R. Balki. The yet-to-be titled film stars Amitabh Bachchan Dhanush and Akshara Haasan in her debut in the lead roles. The film's soundtrack and background score will be composed by Ilaiyaraaja while cinematography will be handled by P. C. Sreeram.
 Cheeks Hill is a hill on Axe Edge Moor in the Peak District England. It lies just south of the Cat and Fiddle Road near Buxton and forms part of the border between Derbyshire and Staffordshire. It is the highest and most northerly point in Staffordshire at 520 metres (1710 ft) above sea level.
 Lac de Pareloup is a lake in Aveyron France. It lies on the Lévézou plateau 25 km south east of Rodez.
 Dancing Pirate is a 1936 American musical comedy film directed by Lloyd Corrigan set in 1820s California. It is the third film shot in the three strip Technicolor process and the first musical in that format. Produced by the makers of Becky Sharp the film was based on the December 1930 Colliers Magazine story Glorious Buccaneer by Emma-Lindsay Squier a serious and action filled romance that may have been inspired by the story of Joseph Chapman.
 The Moeangiangi River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows east from hill couintry to the east of Lake Tutira to reach Hawke Bay 25 kilometres north of Napier
 Janowiec [jaˈnɔvʲɛt͡s] (German: Johnsbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bardo within Ząbkowice Śląskie County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 the village belonged to the region of Silesia in Germany. Until 1946 the remaining German population was expelled.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bardo 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Ząbkowice Śląskie and 72 kilometres (45 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 I See It Now is the third studio album by American country music artist Tracy Lawrence. Released in 1994 on Atlantic Records the album produced four singles: the title track If The World Had a Front Porch Texas Tornado and As Any Fool Can See. Of these Texas Tornado was a Number One on the Hot Country Songs charts while the other singles all reached #2 on the same chart.
 Dar Mar Seyyed Mehdi (Persian: درمرصيدمهدي‎ also Romanized as Dar Mar Seyyed Mehdī; also known as Dar Mar) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 St. Mary's Catholic Church is a historic Catholic church building in an eastern neighborhood of Dayton Ohio United States. Constructed at the beginning of the twentieth century it remains home to an active parish. Its grand architecture has made it an aviator's landmark and it has been named a historic site by the federal government.
 Christmas Is Almost Here Again is singer-songwriter Carly Simon's 27th album and second Christmas album released in October of 2003. It is essentially a re-release of her 2002 Christmas album Christmas Is Almost Here with two additional tracks.
 The Substitute is the soundtrack to the 1996 crime film The Substitute. It was released on April 9 of that year on Priority Records and consisted entirely of hip hop. The soundtrack peaked at #90 on the Billboard 200 and #18 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Bujjigadu (Telugu: బుజ్జిగాడు) is a 2008 Telugu language film directed by Puri Jagannadh and produced by K. S. Rama Rao. Prabhas plays the lead role with Trisha Krishnan and Sanjana playing the heroines. The film has been dubbed into Tamil as Kumaran Rajini Rasigan. This movie is dubbed in Hindi as Deewar-Man of Power. The film was earlier titled as Shadow with Shriya Saran and Prabhas in the lead role however due to her busy schedule Shriya opt out from the film.
 The Leaf Blotch Miner Moth (Acrocercops brongniardella) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Europe and North America. In the USA it afflicts a variety of plants for example the widely occurring Bay Laurel tree.The wingspan is 8–10 mm.The larvae feed on Quercus species.
 Piranch (Persian: پيرانچ‎ also Romanized as Pīrānch; also known as Bīranj Pīranj and Pīrūnj) is a village in Damen Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1130 in 192 families.
 The Executioner is a crime novel by Bulgarian novelist Stefan Kisyov about the killing of Bulgarian dissident writer Georgi Markov. It was published in 2003 and it is the first Bulgarian novel awarded with the Vick Foundation's Prize: Best Novel of the year. in 2004.
 Club Creek is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 The 88 is a 22-storey 87.2 m (286 ft) residential skyscraper in downtown San Jose California. Upon completion of the tower in 2008 the tower became the tallest building in the city surpassing the 86.9 m (285 ft) San Jose City Hall that was completed in 2005.
 Art Martinez de Vara (born April 29 1975) is an American politician and the founder and current Mayor of Von Ormy Texas.
 Architect Musa Mohammed Sada (born 25 February 1957) was appointed Nigerian Minister of Mines & Steel Development on 6 April 2010 when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet.Sada was born on February 25 1957 in Mani Katsina State. He attended Ahmadu Bello University (ABU) Zaria and gained a B.SC in 1982 and M.Sc in Architecture in 1984. He earned an MBA from ABU in 1998.
 Anolacia bozzettii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 The First Flower is Play Dead's debut album recorded at the Jungle Records studio in March 1983. Originally titled The First Flower: A Six Track Album this album came totally unexpected as the group had disappeared since their last record company Fresh Records had gone under. The album was reissued in 1993 as simply The First Flower and included ten extra tracks. Four of the ten extra tracks featured original guitarist Re-Vox.
 John Lyons (born June 1977) is an Irish Labour Party politician. Lyons was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North–West constituency at the 2011 general election.
 Australia For Kids is a 1989 album by Don Spencer.
 Carrefour Richelieu is a regional shopping mall in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu Quebec Canada. It opened in 1980 and was enlarged in 1989. It has 115 stores and its floor area is 455035 sq ft (42274.1 m2).
 Dawn... A New Beginning is the only EP by the Australian progressive metal band Eyefear self-released in 1999.
 Apollo 18 is a 2011 American science fiction horror film written by Brian Miller directed by Gonzalo López-Gallego and produced by Timur Bekmambetov and Ron Schmidt. After various release date changes the film was released in the United States United Kingdom and Canada on 2 September 2011; however the release dates for other territories vary.
 The Man Who Would Not Shake Hands is a short story by Stephen King first published in the 1982 horror anthology Shadows 4 edited by Charles L. Grant and collected in Skeleton Crew in 1985.Like the novella The Breathing Method from King's collection Different Seasons the story takes the form of a nested narrative told in a strange 'club' in Manhattan.
 Northern root-knot nematode (Meloidogyne hapla) is a vegetable pathogen which produces tiny galls (a sore caused by friction and abrasion) on around 550 crop and weed species. They invade root tissue after birth. Females are able to lay up to 1000 eggs at a time in a large egg mass. By surviving harsh winters they can survive in cold climates. (Hence the name Northern)
 Motoga [mɔˈtɔɡa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 42.
 Sugarloaf Mountain is a mountain located in Franklin County Maine. It is the third highest peak in the state after Mount Katahdin's Baxter and Hamlin peaks. Sugarloaf is flanked to the south by Spaulding Mountain.The northeast and west sides of Sugarloaf drain into the South Branch of the Carrabassett River which flows into the Kennebec River and into the Gulf of Maine.
 Mosaic: Pieces of My Life So Far (ISBN 0-3809-7594-7) is an autobiography written by American musician Amy Grant published by Flying Dolphin Press and WaterBrook Press (subsidiaries of Random House) and released in October 2007. The book features song lyrics memoirs original poetry pictures and a partial index of Grant's career achievements.
 Gone Tomorrow is the thirteenth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published on 23 April 2009 in the United Kingdom and 19 May 2009 in the USA. This is one of at least five Reacher novels written in the first person.
 Cyborg Soldier is a science fiction film released on October 7 2008 directed by John Stead and starring Rich Franklin Tiffani Thiessen and Bruce Greenwood.
 Eric Munoz M.D. MBA FACS (October 14 1947 – March 30 2009) was an American Republican Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 2001 where he represented the 21st legislative district until his death on March 30 2009.
 James Ross (6 September 1814 – 23 January 1874) was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.He was born in Fearn Ross & Cromarty Scotland son of Alexander Ross and Christian Ross (maiden surname also Ross) and emigrated to Quebec City in approximately 1829. In the 1830s he worked in a mercantile house in Quebec and was captain of a ship trading to the West Indies.
 The Seventh Crystal is the twelfth novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen. It was published on July 1 1996 by Random House.
 Lužani (Serbian: Лужани) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Synanthedon pauper is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Cameroon.
 LaLa (Chinese: 徐佳瑩; pinyin: Xú JiāYíng; literally LaLa) is Taiwanese Mandopop artiste Lala Hsu's (Chinese: 徐佳瑩) first self-titled debut Mandarin solo studio album. It was released by Asiamuse on 29 May 2009. The album features 11 self-composed tracks. The album was the bestseller in 2009.[citation needed]With this album Lala Hsu won Best New Artist at the 21st Golden Melody Awards.
 Bellator egretta the streamer searobin is a species of searobin native to the western Atlantic Ocean. This fish reaches a length of 20 centimetres (7.9 in) TL.
 Liptena sauberi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon and possibly Nigeria.
 Mohsenabad (Persian: محسن اباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩsenābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The General John Hathorn Stone House is located on Hathorn Road in the town of Warwick New York United States just off NY 94 a mile south of the village of Warwick. It was built by Hathorn in 1773 but expanded considerably in the mid-19th century.It is on a 14-acre (5.6-ha) lot the remainder of the original 300 acres (120 ha) Hathorn and his family farmed. In 2001 it and an early-19th-century outbuilding were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Sycamore is a village in Wyandot County Ohio United States. The population was 861 at the 2010 census.
 Head Cases: Serial Killers in the Delaware Valley is a 2013 horror film from director Anthony Spadaccini.
 Volpertsberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Klofjell is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Mallanagouda Basanagouda Patil (Kannada: ಮಲ್ಲನಗೌಡ ಬಸವನಗೌಡ ಪಾಟೀಲ್) popularly known as M. B. Patil (born 7 October 1964) is an Indian politician from Bijapur and currently the Minister for Water Resources Government of Karnataka.He is former member of the Lok Sabha and is the fourth time being elected as a member of Karnataka Legislative Assembly. He is also currently the president of BLDE Association which provides education to the rural masses.
 Terrorizer: The Last Chapter... is the second album by Dispatched. It was first released in 2003.
 Kings of Bachata: Sold Out at Madison Square Garden is the third live album released by Bachata group Aventura. The concert was sold out and took place on September 1 2007 at Madison Square Garden. A DVD of the concert was released November 13 2007. Kings of Bachata: Sold Out at Madison Square Garden was certified 8× Disco De Platino by the Recording Industry Association of America on June 4 2009.
 Lowadeh (Persian: لواده‎ also Romanized as Lowādeh) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 30 families.
 Tildenia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Wild Geese is a Canadian novel of the historical fiction genre written by the author Martha Ostenso first published in 1925 by Dodd Mead and Company. The story is set on the prairies of Manitoba Canada in the 1920s. The novel details characters struggling against victimization to achieve a better life and follow their respective passions.
 The Heins Block is the most prominent commercial building in the city of Olivia Minnesota United States. It was built in 1896 to house a bank and a hardware store owned by P.W. Heins. P.W. Heins opened up his first mercantile store soon after the village of Olivia was surveyed by the Hastings and Dakota Railway. Heins established the Peoples Bank in 1889.The architect A.J. Hedlund designed a Queen Anne-styled house for Heins.
 U Ime Igre is a studio album by the Serbian hip-hop artist Lud. The album features many Serbian hip-hop artists including Struka VIP Marčelo Looney and others. The whole album was produced by Lud only the track Bang Bang was co-produced by Oneya.
 The Village is a novel by Mulk Raj Anand first published in 1939. This book was the first of a trilogy that included Across the Black Waters and The Sword and the Sickle. The plot centers around India's political structure specifically the British rule and the independence movement.
 Mayapada Tower formerly Bank Dharmala Tower is a 20-story office building located on Jalan Jend Sudirman Kav 28 Jakarta Indonesia. Jalan Sudirman is considered the CBD of Jakarta and is the most prime location for office towers in Jakarta.
 St James' Church Arnside is located in the village of Arnside Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle.
 Hafez (Persian: حافظ‎ also Romanized as Ḩāfez̧) is a village in Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 185 in 41 families.
 Jawab is a 1942 Indian Bollywood film. It was the fourth highest grossing Indian film of 1942.
 The Valea Ulmului River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Ibë e Poshtme is a village in the municipality of Bërzhitë in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Bobby Baseball (ISBN 0440404177) is a children's/adolescents book by Robert Kimmel Smith that was originally published in 1991.The fictional work explores the life of 10-year-old Bobby Ellis as he plays on a local Little League Baseball team coached by his father.
 Hoplophoneus is an extinct genus of the family Nimravidae subfamily Nimravinae endemic to North America during the Late Eocene to Early Oligocene epochs (38—33.3 mya) existing for approximately 3.9 million years.
 The Fabrosauridae was originally proposed by Galton (1972) as a group of basal ornithischian dinosaurs from the Early to Middle Jurassic. However recent studies indicate the Fabrosaurs are not a natural grouping of dinosaurs and instead consist of unrelated genera.The proposed Fabrosaurs descended from a Lesothosaurus-like animal. Proposed fabrosaurids were 1–2 meters long and were lightly built and bipedal. Their skulls were triangular and had very large eye sockets.
 Rehearsal (EP) is a heavy metal album released on 18 January 2005 by the band A Perfect Murder. It was produced by Louis Dionne and featured six tracks.
 Magpa is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2238.
 Crips and Bloods: Made in America is a documentary by Stacy Peralta discussing the unique circumstances and factors that led to the creation of Crips and Bloods two of the most violent[citation needed] gangs in all of United States history. The documentary goes beyond the general background of and discusses the external factors that fueled the African American youth to turn to gangs. It also raises many questions regarding the government responses/lack thereof to such minority conflict.
 Symphodus melanocercus is a species of wrasse native to coastal waters throughout the Mediterranean Sea and the Sea of Marmara. It prefers areas with rocks or eelgrass at depths from 1 to 25 m (3.3 to 82.0 ft). This species can reach 14 cm (5.5 in) in total length though most do not exceed 11 cm (4.3 in). It is occasionally taken in artisanal fisheries.
 Cultripalpa partita is a species of moth of the Erebidae family.
 Siah Soltan (Persian: سياه سلطان‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Solţān and Seyāh Solţān; also known as Mīā Solţān Mia Sultān and Sīā Solţān) is a village in Hendudur Rural District Sarband District Shazand County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 101 in 19 families.
 Stephen Henry Lewis CC (born November 11 1937) is a Canadian politician broadcaster and diplomat. He was the leader of the social democratic Ontario New Democratic Party for most of the 1970s. During many of those years as leader his father David Lewis was simultaneously the leader of the Federal New Democratic Party. After politics he became a broadcaster on both CBC Radio and Toronto's CityTV.
 Chupi Chupi (English: Silently) is a 2013 film directed by Abir Bose and produced by Rakesh Shrivastav under the banner of Ma Sarada Chitra Mandir 2012 Production. It features actors Ritojit and Priyanka Haldar in the lead roles. This film is Abir Bose's third film his last release being long back in 1988 (Kidnap). It released on April 26 2013.
 Kung Fu Palace is the first album released by Diego's Umbrella.
 Animation magazine is a monthly publication covering the animation industry including reviews about film and television animation visual effects and video games.Founded in 1986 by Terry Thoren the print magazine is published every month in the United States and features articles on current animated movies and short animated films animated television series visual effects from big productions interactive design of titles and software releases from different studios inside and out of USA and independent producers. 
 Frammia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Silurian in what is now Canada. It was described by Holtedahl in 1914 and the type species is Frammia dissimilis. It also contains the species F. bachae. The type locality was the Douro Formation in Nunavut.
 Nikhil Kumar Choudhary (born 6 December 1945) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Katihar constituency of Bihar and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party. He was a Minister of State in the National Democratic Alliance government. He comes from a Bhumihar Brahmin family.
 Wielkie Budziska [ˈvjɛlkʲɛ buˈd͡ʑiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Cekcyn 16 km (10 mi) east of Tuchola and 56 km (35 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 120.
 The Palm Warbler (Setophaga palmarum) is a small songbird of the New World warbler family.
 Solanin (ソラニン Soranin) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Inio Asano. It was serialised in Shogakukan's Weekly Young Sunday from 2005 to 2006. The manga is licensed and published in English by Viz Media in French by Kana and in Chinese by Taiwan Tohan. The manga was nominated for the 2009 Eisner Award for Best U.S. Edition of International Material – Japan.The manga was made into a live-action film starring Aoi Miyazaki as the female protagonist.
 Samuel Phillips Jr. (February 5 1752 – 1802). Merchant manufacturer and patriot Phillips is considered a pioneer in American education.
 Chrósty [ˈxrustɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Stara Kiszewa 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Kościerzyna and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Duas Mulheres is a 2009 Portuguese film directed by João Mário Grilo.
 Lake Carnico is a 114-acre (0.46 km2) reservoir in Nicholas County Kentucky. It was constructed in 1962.
 Styggmann or Styggemann is the highest mountain of Skrimfjella in southern Norway.A legend about the mountain claims it used to be the home of a troll. The troll hated people walking on his mountain disturbing his rest so he used to lie on top of the mountain to scare them away. If someone came too close he threw rocks and boulders at them. If you walk the path to Sørmyrseter you can still see some of them.
 Pygocentrus cariba or Black Spot Piranha is a species of piranha native to the Orinoco River basin lowlands and the Llanos region in Venezuela and Colombia. This species can reach a length of 27.9 centimetres (11.0 in) TL. It is popular as a game fish.
 This article focuses on the part of the Alps and Pré-Alps that is located in North-Eastern Switzerland. This region is bordered by: Lake Lucerne in the south-west; the Klausen Pass upper Linth valley and Lake Walen in the south; the Rhine valley in the east; Lake Constance in the north.
 Mara Lake is a lake in the Shuswap Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia Canada located immediately south of the community of Sicamous and to the north of the community of Enderby. It is the outlet of the Shuswap River which begins in the Monashee Mountains to the east. Its own outlet is Sicamous Narrows which is a short canal-like stretch of water connecting to Shuswap Lake and passing beneath the Trans-Canada Highway and the Canadian Pacific Railway mainline at Sicamous.
 Universal Syncopations is an album by Czech bassist Miroslav Vitous recorded in 2003 and released on the ECM label.
 Batillaria australis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Batillariidae.
 Profundulus guatemalensis the Guatemalan killifish is a teleost fish found in Belize and Guatemala.
 Diet for a Small Planet is a 1971 bestselling book by Frances Moore Lappé the first major book to note the environmental impact of meat production as wasteful and a contributor to global food scarcity.
 El Negro Blanco is an Argentine comic strip that was published by the Clarín newspaper from 1987 to 1994. It was written by Carlos Trillo and drawn by Ernesto García Seijas. The words Negro and Blanco mean black and white in Spanish but the title is not intended to set a black-and-white dichotomy Blanco is simply the family name of the main character and Negro is a common Argentinian nickname.
 Rogolin [rɔˈɡɔlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Radzanów 10 km (6 mi) south of Białobrzegi and 73 km (45 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Cessnock Correctional Centre an Australian minimum and maximum security prison for males is located in Cessnock New South Wales. The centre is operated by Corrective Services NSW an agency of the Department of Attorney General and Justice of the Government of New South Wales.
 The Trail of Bohu also known as Imaro III: The Trail of Bohu is a sword and sorcery novel written by Charles R. Saunders and published by Daw Books in 1985. The Trail of Bohu was the third and final book in the original Imaro Trilogy.A revised version of the novel was published independently in 2009 through Sword & Soul Media and the online press Lulu.
 All You Need Is The Music is a 1978 in-studio album containing the works of the American pop-singer Neil Sedaka. It was released in the US on Elektra Records his second album for the company. Outside of the US it was released on the European-based Polydor label.
 Scouting in Arkansas has a long history from the 1913 to the present day serving thousands of youth in programs that suit the environment in which they live.
 James Jim Soletski was a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 88th Assembly District from 2007 through 2011. He was born and currently resides in Green Bay Wisconsin.Soletski served as Chairman of the Assembly Energy and Utilities Committee and as a member of the Colleges and Universities Consumer Protection Criminal Justice Elections and Campaign Reform and Labor committees.
 San Francisco Chinatown: A Guide to Its History & Architecture is a book by Philip Choy first published in 2012.
 In the kingdom of oil and millions (Azerbaijani: Neft və milyolnar səltənətində) – is an art film of 1916 shot by film-director Boris Svetlov basing on the motifs of I.Musabeyov’s narrative of the same name. It is considered the first art film in the history of Azerbaijan.
 Robert 'Bob' Del Beach (born July 21 1959 in Morgantown West Virginia) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the West Virginia Senate representing District 13 since January 2011. Beach served consecutively in the West Virginia Legislature from January 2001 until January 2011 and non-consecutively from his May 1998 appointment to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Robert C. Beach until November 3 1998 in the West Virginia House of Delegates in a District 44 seat.
 Elmer Buchanan (born c. 1946) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. He was a New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 1995 and was a cabinet minister in the government of Bob Rae. Buchanan left the NDP to support Bob Rae's 2006 Liberal party leadership bid.
 Nomudar Kola (Persian: نموداركلا‎ also Romanized as Nomūdār Kolā; also known as Nomūr Kolā) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 161 in 39 families.
 The Noyo River is a river on the north coast of California in Mendocino County. The river's headwaters are in the steep Mendocino Range but downstream the river flows through gently sloping marine terraces before draining into the Pacific Ocean.
 Ocrisiodes bamella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ocrisiodes. It was described by Amsel in 1958 and is known from Iran.
 The Boston and Providence Railroad Bridge in East Providence is a railroad bridge on the Boston and Providence Railroad spanning Ten Mile River. A portion of the bridge also spans Roger Williams Avenue. The bridge became part of the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Coscinia bifasciata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rambur in 1832. It is found on Corsica and Sardinia.Adults are on wing from June to August in one or two generations per year.The larvae feed on Calluna Erica Vaccinium Genista Taraxacum and Plantago species. The species overwinters in the larval stage.
 Pseudopoda spirembolus is a species of huntsman spider found in Japan.
 Scopula coniaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan and Russia.The wingspan is 20–24 mm.
 The Arfak pygmy bandicoot (Microperoryctes aplini) is a species of marsupial in the Peramelidae family. It is endemic to the Arfak mountains in the Vogelkop Peninsula of West Papua in Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 They Used to Play on Grass is a 1972 novel by former English footballer Terry Venables and Scottish author Gordon Williams. The novel predicted the end of grass as a playing surface and that plastic pitches would become the norm in football. In 2003 the book was listed on the BBC's The Big Read poll of the UK's best-loved novel.
 Sorkh Deh (Persian: سرخده‎) is a village in Rudbar Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 36 families.
 Richard de Luci (1089 – 14 July 1179) (also Richard de Lucy) was first noted as Sheriff of the County of Essex then he was made Chief Justiciar of England.
 Kuri Hayati (Persian: كوري حياتي‎ also Romanized as Kūrī Ḩayātī and Kūrīḩayātī) is a village in Kuri Rural District in the Central District of Jam County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 765 in 164 families.
 Barbasphecia ares is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Ghana.
 Kolonia Partyzantów [kɔˈlɔɲa partɨˈzantuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynice within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Zion Episcopal Church is a historic church on Ridge Street at Monroe Street in Monroeville Ohio.It was built in 1861 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Seabraia sanguinicollis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Zajciw in 1958.
 The Van Horn Mansion was built by Judge James Van Horn in 1823. It is the site of the Town of Newfane's first town meeting April 6 1824. The name for the Town of Newfane is believed to be chosen by the town Postmaster. The Mansion includes 16 rooms and five bathrooms. It is located on Lockport-Olcott Road in Niagara County New York on Route 78 and is also considered to be haunted. It is one many National Register of Historic Places in Niagara County.
 This article describes the 27th album in the U.K. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 27 and Now That's What I Call Music! discography Now That's What I Call Music! 27 or Now 27 was released in 1994 on vinyl audio cassette and CD.
 Smoky Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Smoky Mountains in Sawtooth National Forest. While no trails lead to the lake it is most easily accessed from the end of forest road 170. The lake is located just southeast of Prairie Creek Peak. It is also near Little Lost Lake Big Lost Lake and Upper and Lower Norton lakes.
 Coleonyx reticulatus is a species of small gecko native to the United States (Texas) and Mexico (Coahuila). It is sometimes referred to as the Reticulated Gecko or Reticulate Banded Gecko.
 Heroes II: the Return is a 1991 Australian mini-series about Operation Rimau during World War II.
 Avvai Shanmugi is a 1996 Tamil comedy film directed by K. S. Ravikumar and written by Crazy Mohan which is an Indian adaptation of the American comedy film Mrs. Doubtfire. The film features Kamal Haasan in the lead role with Meena Gemini Ganesan Nagesh Heera Manivannan and Nassar. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by Deva while the film was produced by Ravindran and Hari. Avvai Shanmughi became a major success among 1996 Deepavali releases.
 Golugonda is a village and a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. This village is famous for availability of semi-precious stones. Special police squads have been formed to prevent illegal quarrying of semi-precious stones both here and in other mandals in the district.
 South Palmerston Loch or Flush previously known as Loch of the Hill lying to the east of the 500 ft Back o'hill Mount. It was one of several small lochs within the Parish of Ochiltree. The loch lying in a glacial Kettle Hole drained into the Lugar Water via the Burnock Water.
 Miyavi is the seventh major studo album by Japanese musician Miyavi. It was released on June 19 2013 in Japan and on March and April of 2014 in Europe and United States. It charted as number eight on Oricon and Billboard Japan.
 Pain Navai Mahalleh (Persian: پائين نوائي محله‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn Navā’ī Maḩalleh; also known as Navāee Maḩalleh-ye Soflá) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District Dehferi District Fereydunkenar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 39 families.
 Blenniventer violaceotinctus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Blenniventer.
 The Stallings–Carpenter House located on State Road 1713 north of Clayton Johnston County North Carolina was constructed in 1845 by James and Elizabeth (Jones) Stallings in the Greek Revival style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 28 Mar 1983.
 Zameczek [zaˈmɛt͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Opoczno and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 90.
 Railsea is a young-adult novel written and illustrated by English writer China Miéville and published in May 2012. Miéville described the novel as weird fiction and io9 labeled its mix of fantasy and steampunk elements as salvagepunk.
 Rössjöholm Castle (Swedish: Rössjöholms slott) is a castle in Ängelholm Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Dr. Who & the Daleks is a soundtrack album of music from the two Dalek films based on the BBC television series Doctor Who. It includes music from Dr. Who and the Daleks by Malcolm Lockyer music from Daleks' Invasion Earth: 2150 A.D. by Bill McGuffie with electronic effects by Barry Gray.
 Heminautilus is an extinct nautiloid genus from the nautilacean family Cymatoceratidae that lived during the early Cretaceous (Kummel 1964). Nautiloids are a subclass of shelled cephalopods that were once diverse and numerous but are now represented by only a handful of species.Heminautilus has a discoidal compressed involute shell with flanks converging on a narrow flattened outer margin the venter. Whorls are higher than wide.
 Payback is a 1999 American crime thriller directed by Brian Helgeland and starring Mel Gibson. The film shares the same source material as the 1967 noir-classic Point Blank directed by John Boorman and starring Lee Marvin; both are based on the book The Hunter written by Donald E. Westlake under the pseudonym of Richard Stark.The film was Helgeland's directorial debut after a career as a screenwriter.
 A Suspension of Mercy (1965) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith. It was published in the US under the title The Story-Teller.
 Lost River begins and ends in a closed basin in northern California and southwestern Oregon in the United States. The river 60 miles (97 km) long flows in an arc from Clear Lake Reservoir in Modoc County California through Klamath County Oregon to Tule Lake in Siskiyou County. About 46 miles (74 km) of Lost River are in Oregon and 14 miles (23 km) are in California.From its source the river flows into Langell Valley where Miller Creek enters from the right.
 In The Skies is an album by British blues rock musician Peter Green who was the founder of Fleetwood Mac and a member from 1967–70. Released in 1979 this was his second solo album and the first after eight years of obscurity.Accompanying Green on this album were several experienced session musicians including Snowy White who went on to work with Pink Floyd before joining Thin Lizzy.
 You Are Not Alone (Danish: Du er ikke alene) is a 1978 Danish coming-of-age film written by Lasse Nielsen and Bent Petersen directed by Lasse Nielsen and Ernst Johansen and produced by Steen Herdel.
 Inventions for the New Season is an album by Maserati released in 2007. The song Show Me the Season was featured in the trailer for Project Natal.
 Miłaków [miˈwakuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasteczko within Nowa Sól County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Nowe Miasteczko 15 km (9 mi) south of Nowa Sól and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.The village has a population of 350.
 Pasteur Bizimungu (born 1950) was the fifth President of Rwanda holding office from 19 July 1994 until 23 March 2000.
 The Widener Law Review (formerly known as the Widener Law Symposium Journal) is a student-run law review at Widener University School of Law. It was established in 1993 and is the school's only general law review. Its covers current legal issues in two yearly issues including one covering the annual Spring Symposium.
 The Guerilla Filmmakers Handbook is a bestselling textbook on low-budget and independent film production written by Chris Jones and Genevieve Jolliffe. Currently in its third edition it consists primarily of interviews with filmmakers and case studies in filmmaking. The Handbook has become widely respected in the UK as a comprehensive filmmaking guide.Jones and Jolliffe have also written three further books on film making. Chris Jones wrote The Guerilla Film Makers Movie Blueprint.
 Ambush Bug: Year None is a six-issue comic book limited series written Keith Giffen and Robert Loren Fleming and illustrated by Keith Giffen and Al Milgrom. The first issue Hey You Sank My Battle-Ax! was published on July 23 2008. DC Comics announced that instead of releasing a sixth issue the series would skip issue #6 and conclude with issue #7. Ambush Bug: Year None #7 was released on October 28 2009.
 Duthie's golden mole (Chlorotalpa duthieae) is a species of mammal in the Chrysochloridae family. It is endemic to South Africa. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna temperate grassland arable land pastureland plantations rural gardens urban areas and introduced vegetation. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bera Mawr is a summit in the Carneddau mountains in north Wales height 794 metres. It and Bera Bach are together known as the Berau or northern Carneddau. The summit is a large rock tor characteristic of the western Carneddau. There are views of Llwytmor and Foel-fras to the north-east Garnedd Uchaf to the south-east Bera Bach to the south Drosgl to the west and the Menai to the north-west.
 The Church of St. John Berchmans (French: Saint Jean Berchmans Dutch: Sint Jan Berchmans) is the Roman Catholic church of St Michael College in Brussels Belgium. Founded by the Society of Jesus at the turn of the 20th century the church is dedicated to the Belgian Jesuit saint St. Jan Berchmans.
 Mount Halcon or Monte Halcón is a mountain located in the island of Mindoro in the Philippines. Its height of 2586 m (8482 ft) makes it the 18th highest peak in the Philippines. Its slopes have earned it the title to be the most difficult mountain to climb in the country.Mt. Halcon is home to the indigenous Alangan Mangyans.
 Charlie Wilson's War is a 2007 American biographical-drama film recounting the true story of U.S. Congressman Charlie Wilson who partnered with CIA operative Gust Avrakotos to launch Operation Cyclone a program to organize and support the Afghan mujahideen during the Soviet war in Afghanistan.The film was directed by Mike Nichols and written by Aaron Sorkin who adapted George Crile III's 2003 book Charlie Wilson's War: The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Covert Operation in History.
 Geri D. Huser (born July 14 1963) is the Iowa State Representative from the 42nd District. She has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 1996. Huser currently serves on several committees in the Iowa House - the Judiciary committee; the Local Government committee; the Ways and Means committee; and the Transportation committee where she is chair.
 Yellow-edged lyretail is the common name for the species Variola louti. It is also commonly known as the lyretail grouper or the coronation cod.
 Velika Sejanica is a village in the municipality of Leskovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 796 people.
 The World Trade Center of Grenoble (WTC G) is one of the 12 World Trade Centers in France and one of 330 WTCs in the world. It is located in the heart of the Europole district of Grenoble. It is certified by the World Trade Centers Association (WTCA) since 1988. The Silver Certification has been given since 2008 corresponding to the new certification expectancies.
 Pozarzyn [pɔˈzaʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sheridan is a village in Montcalm County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 649 at the 2010 census. The village is located at the corners of four townships and incorporates land from each: Evergreen Township to the northeast Bushnell Township to the southeast Fairplain Township to the southwest and Sidney Township to the northwest.In 1851 Louis Lovell recorded an entry for land here and John W. Winsor built the first business a sawmill. A shingle-mill owner Erastus P.
 Fire on the Mountain is a 1962 novel by Edward Abbey. It was Abbey's third published novel and followed Jonathan Troy and The Brave Cowboy.The hero of the story is John Vogelin a New Mexico rancher whose land is about to be condemned by the United States Air Force who want to use his land to expand a bombing range. He is the last holdout among the several people whose land the Air Force wants and he refuses to move.
 The Chiquito de Cibao River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Shululux is a village in Buuhoodle District in the Togdheer Region of southern Somaliland in northern Somalia. It is located north by road from Widhwidh.
 Djupeskardnosi is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Pila occidentalis is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae the applesnails. This species is found in Angola Botswana Namibia and Zambia.
 Ezhavathu Manithan (The Seventh Man) (1982) is a Tamil film directed by K. Hariharan. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by L. Vaidyanathan. The film met with widespread critical acclaim upon release winning the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil and two Tamil Nadu State Film Awards. It was also nominated for the Golden St. George prize at the Moscow International Film Festival.
 Neon is the fourth studio album by British R&B singer Jay Sean. The album was released on July 30 2013 by Cash Money Records and distributed by Republic Records. The album features guest appearances from Busta Rhymes Ace Hood and Rick Ross.
 Oscar Ugarte Ubilluz was the Peruvian Minister of Health under President Alan García from October 2008 to July 2011.
 Csebény is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Endoclita absurdus is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from China.
 Big Thing is the debut album by Lisa Stansfield's band Blue Zone. It was released by Arista Records in November 1988. The songs were written by Blue Zone members: Stansfield Ian Devaney and Andy Morris and produced by Paul Staveley O'Duffy. The album also includes one cover Jackie co-produced by Ric Wake. Big Thing spawned three singles: On Fire Thinking About His Baby and Jackie.
 Unhalfbricking is the third album by the British folk rock band Fairport Convention and their second album released in 1969.
 The Santa Marta Antbird (Drymophila hellmayri) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is endemic to humid foothill forests of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta in Colombia especially in association with bamboo. This 15 cm (6 in) bird is found at higher elevations. It was previously considered conspecific with the Long-tailed Antbird.
 Torule [tɔˈrulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Boćki 21 km (13 mi) south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 50.
 Chandrika Bandaranaike Kumaratunga (Sinhala: චන්ද්‍රිකා බන්ඩාරනායක කුමාරතුංගTamil: சந்திரிகா பண்டாரநாயக்க குமாரதுங்க; born 29 June 1945) was the fifth President of Sri Lanka who served from 12 November 1994 to 19 November 2005. The country's only female president to date she is the daughter of two former prime ministers and also the leader of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) until the end of 2005.
 Pebbles Volume 7 is a compilation album among the CDs in the Pebbles series; it is subtitled Chicago 2. The previous CD in the series Pebbles Volume 6 also features bands from Chicago as does the LP Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 4.
 Farlowella altocorpus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Bolivia where it occurs in the Coroico River This species grows to a length of 17.0 centimetres (6.7 in) SL.
 The Cannonball Adderley Quintet in San Francisco is a 1959 album by The Cannonball Adderley Quintet.The groundbreaking album launched soul jazz according to NPR bridging the gap between bebop and funk. Originally released by Riverside Records the album has been reissued on CD several times since 1991 by Riverside and OJC. Remastered versions of the album include extended cuts of several of the songs on the original including the retitled (A Few Words by Cannonball...And) This Here.
 Hyposmocoma municeps is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai and Maui. The type locality is Olinda where it was collected on an altitude of 4000 feet.
 The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe without Design is a 1986 book by Richard Dawkins in which he presents an explanation of and argument for the theory of evolution by means of natural selection. He also presents arguments to refute certain criticisms made on his previous book The Selfish Gene.
 Soulful Fruit is the first album by the turntablist Rob Swift. It was released on May 13 1997 by Stones Throw Records and was produced by Rob Swift Mista Sinista and Roc Raida. The album was a huge critical success gaining many positive reviews. Soulful Fruit is regarded by many as one of the best turntablism albums ever made.
 The Hazen-Spiller House is a historic late First Period house at 8 Groveland Street in Haverhill Massachusetts. Built c. 1724 by Richard Hazen It is a rare example of a brick house of the time and notable for its role in early 20th century restoration activities. The 2.5 story building is made of brick laid in English bond with end chimneys and a central hall layout.
 Placabis is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 War Party is a 2004 album by the band Gwar. It was released on October 26 2004 being the band's first album in DRT Entertainment. The album was released to positive reviews and has been said by the band to be Gwar's best selling album in recent years.
 Pocahontas Times Print Shop is a historic building located at Marlinton Pocahontas County West Virginia. It was built in 1900 and is a one-story rectangular frame building measuring approximately 21 feet by 75 feet. It was built to house The Pocahontas Times newspaper operations. It houses a paper folder and press installed around 1911. The Pocahontas Times has been published since 1882.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Vapa is a village in the municipality of Čačak Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 691 people.
 Petrov (Prague-West District) is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Hattarwat is a village located in Chikodi taluka in the Belgaum District in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is also called the green valley of Chikodi.It is 1000 metres (3300 feet) above sea level. The village is very cool. It never faces a water problem in summer. The climate is cool even when nearby villages face a temperature of 32°C. The founder of the village was Nasarullah Shah Wali-Allah Taalanahu.
 Hard Knott is a fell in the English Lake District at the head of Eskdale.
 Sky 2 is the second album by English/Australian instrumental band Sky released in 1980. Despite being a double album it reached number one in the British Album charts and at the time was the fastest double album to receive platinum status in the UK while the instrumental single Toccata peaked at 5 in the British Singles Chart.Francis Monkman played guitar on the 20-minute rock suite FIFO because in his words I felt it necessary to inject a grunge element.
 The Union Trust Company Building is an historic site at 170 Westminster Street and 62 Dorrance Street in Providence Rhode Island.The building was constructed in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Druim Moir also known as the Houston Estate Historic District is a historic district in the Chestnut Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania.Druim Moir was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It is a contributing property of the Chestnut Hill National Historic District.
 Gosławice [ɡɔswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchosławice within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wierzchosławice 9 km (6 mi) west of Tarnów and 68 km (42 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Antonio Borja Won Pat (December 10 1908 – May 1 1987) was the first Delegate from Guam to the United States House of Representatives from 1965 to 1985.
 Under Summer Sun is the fourth studio album released by the American singer-songwriter Matt Wertz.
 251 Menlove Avenue named Mendips was the childhood home of John Lennon singer and songwriter with the Beatles and is now preserved by the National Trust.Mendips is a 1930s semi-detached property in Woolton South Liverpool England. The house belonged to Lennon's Aunt Mimi and her husband George Smith. The couple took John in at the age of five after his mother who was living with her boyfriend was persuaded that it would be better for Mimi and George to take care of him.
 Bab Ayur (Persian: باب ايور‎ also Romanized as Bāb Ayūr; also known as ‘Ayūr Bāba Aiyūr Bābā Alīvar Bābā Ayūr Bābā Ayyūr and Bovāyūr) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District in the Central District of Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 371 in 85 families.
 Tom Kitt (born 11 July 1952) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South constituency from 1987 to 2011. He also served as Government Chief Whip from 2004 to 2008.
 Henry Edward Hugh Pelham-Clinton-Hope 9th Duke of Newcastle-under-Lyne OBE DL JP (8 April 1907 – 4 November 1988) styled Earl of Lincoln from 1928 to 1941 was a British peer and aviator.
 Klanica is a village in the municipality of Valjevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 590 people.
 Goman Dasht (Persian: گماندشت‎ also Romanized as Gomān Dasht and Gamān Dasht; also known as Gamān Gumbadasht and Konbadasht) is a village in Darram Rural District in the Central District of Tarom County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 128 in 36 families.
 Whispering Footsteps is a 1943 American crime film noir directed by Howard Bretherton. The drama features John Hubbard Rita Quigley and Joan Blair.
 Blue Sky Mind is the first studio album by Sheavy released in 1996.
 Norman William Norm Sterling (born February 19 1942) is a Canadian politician who served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1977 to 2011.
 Feather Falls is a waterfall located on the Fall River a tributary of the Middle Fork Feather River within the Plumas National Forest in the Sierra Nevada mountain range in Butte County eastern California.
 All Ashore is a 1953 Technicolor musical comedy film directed by Richard Quine. It is the second of Mickey Rooney's three films for Columbia Pictures that was produced by Jonie Taps directed by Richard Quine and written by Blake Edwards. In the tradition of MGM's Anchors Aweigh and On the Town the film tells the stories of three sailors (Rooney crooner Dick Haymes and dancer Ray McDonald) on shore leave on Santa Catalina Island California where much of the film was shot.
 BiWeekly Eleven is a weekly newspaper published in Burma.
 Mount Meron (Hebrew: הר מירון‎ Har Meron; Arabic: جبل الجرمق‎ Jabal al-Jarmaq) is a mountain in Israel. It has special significance in Jewish religious tradition and parts of it have been declared a nature reserve.At 1208 metres (3963 ft) above sea level Mount Meron is the highest peak in Israel though many peaks in the Golan Heights are higher.
 Rock Creek Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Chance Somerset County Maryland. It is a cross-plan Gothic style church supported by a continuous common bond brick foundation built in 1900. It features a three-story bell tower capped by a pyramidal spire. Also on the property is a single-story L-shaped frame church hall built in 1928.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Janówek [jaˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 The Valley Morning Star established in 1911 is an American newspaper published in Harlingen Texas. In 1938 The New York Times reported on a printer's strike at the newspaper that was organized by the Typographical Union. In 1951 the newspaper was bought by Raymond C. Hoiles. In 2012 Freedom Communications papers in Texas were sold to AIM Media Texas.
 Ajooba Kudrat Kaa or Ajooba Kudrat Ka (English title The Magnificent Guardian) is a 1991 Bollywood thriller directed by Shyam Ramsay and Tulsi Ramsay who are famous for their horror/thriller films.The film centres on the platonic relationship between a young girl and a Yeti (a Himalayan monster). It was the first Bollywood film with a yeti theme.
 Grzybowo [ɡʐɨˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Foraker River (Lower Tanana: Kwalana or Kotalhno) is a 60-mile (97 km) stream in central Alaska in the United States. It drains an area on the north slope of the Alaska Range on the south edge of the Tanana Valley southwest of Fairbanks. The Herron River is a major tributary.The Foraker River issues from Foraker Glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve northwest of Mount Foraker.
 The William H. Lewis Model House is a Colonial Revival house in Portland Oregon United States. It is also known as the Frederick and Caroline Rothchild House and the Arnold and Enid Blitz House. Designed by noted Oregon architect Ellis F. Lawrence it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Free Agent is the second studio album by American rapper Joell Ortiz. It was released on February 22 2011 through E1 Music in the United States after being pushed back. It is the follow-up to his previous album The Brick: Bodega Chronicles (2007). The album had leaked on the internet 3 months early via Amazon.com but was later taken down. Joell Ortiz was trying to be released from E1 formally Koch Records to sign to Shady Records as part of the super group Slaughterhouse.
 The Dascomb House is a historic house at 125 Dascomb Road in Andover Massachusetts. It was built c. 1760 by Jacob Johnson a local blacksmith who had his shop on the property. It remained in the Johnson family until 1832 when it was deeded to Jacob Dascomb deacon of the West Parish Church. He fell on financial hard times and sold the property in 1852 after which it has been through a long succession of owners.The house is a typical 2.5 story center chimney Georgian colonial.
 Tainted is a 1988 U.S. motion picture written and directed by Orestes Matacena and starring Shari Shattuck. The movie is a low-budget suspense drama about Cathy (Shattuck) a young school teacher married to the owner of a crematorium. The movie is centered on Cathy's attempt to cover-up the murder of an intruder who attempted to rape her. The cover up of the rape is due to the man that raped her being her ex-husband in the movie.
 Chwaścice [xfaɕˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Jędrzejów and 30 km (19 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 160.
 The Deerslayer or The First Warpath (1841) was the last of James Fenimore Cooper's Leatherstocking tales to be written. Its 1740-1745 time period makes it the first installment chronologically and in the lifetime of the hero of the Leatherstocking tales Natty Bumppo. The novel's setting on Otsego Lake in central upstate New York is the same as that of The Pioneers the first of the Leatherstocking tales to be published (1823).
 Cat of Many Tails is a novel that was published in 1949 by Ellery Queen. It is a mystery novel set in New York City USA.
 Vasco da Gama is a lunar impact crater that is located near the western limb of the Moon. It is named for the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama. It lies to the south of the walled plain Einstein due south of Dalton. Attached to the southwestern rim of Vasco da Gama is the somewhat smaller crater Bohr.The northern and southern parts of the rim of Vasco da Gama have been heavily eroded by impacts with the western and eastern rims being more intact.
 HMP Greenock is a prison located in Greenock Scotland and serving designated courts in western Scotland by holding male prisoners (both adult and under 21s) on remand and short-term convicted prisoners. It provides a national facility for selected prisoners serving 12 years or over affording them the opportunity for progression towards release. It also accommodates a small number of prisoners for a range of management and operational reasons.
 Arthur Fletcher (December 22 1924 in Phoenix Arizona – July 12 2005 in Washington DC) was an American government official widely referred to as the father of affirmative action as he was largely responsible for the Revised Philadelphia Plan.
 Hwaaksan is a mountain in South Korea whose area extends over Gapyeong County Gyeonggi-do and Hwacheon County Gangwon-do. It has an elevation of 1468.3 m (4817 ft).
 The Sears Roebuck and Company Department Store in Miami Florida was an Art Deco building built in 1929 for Sears Roebuck and Company. The building was the first known implementation of Art Deco architecture in the county and was spectacular. It was followed a year later by the Shrine Building (Miami Florida) an application of Art Deco with local Seminole Indian motifs added as an interesting twist.
 Bart Martens is a Belgian politician and a member of the SP.A. He was elected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2007.
 The Banded Rubber Frog (Phrynomantis bifasciatus) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in Angola Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Somalia South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe.Its natural habitats are dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland intermittent freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland water storage areas ponds and canals and ditches.The female can reach a maximum size of 65 mm whereas the tadpoles can reach a size of 37 mm. 
 One Liberty Plaza formerly the U.S. Steel Building is a skyscraper in Lower Manhattan in New York City at the location of the former Singer Building (tallest structure ever dismantled) and the former City Investing Building. One Liberty Plaza is currently owned and operated by Brookfield Office Properties. The building is 743 ft (226 m) tall and has 54 floors. It was completed in 1973.
 Beda Fell is a fell in the English Lake District situated to the south of Ullswater. It divides the valleys of Boredale and Bannerdale within the Martindale system.
 Kamen Rider OOO Wonderful the Movie: The Shogun and the 21 Core Medals (劇場版 仮面ライダーオーズ　WONDERFUL　将軍と２１のコアメダル Gekijōban Kamen Raidā Ōzu Wandafuru: Shōgun to Nijū-ichi no Koa Medaru) is the film adaptation of the 2010 & 2011 Kamen Rider Series drama Kamen Rider OOO. The film was released on August 6 2011 alongside the film for Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger the Movie: The Flying Ghost Ship.
 The Salina Catacombs are a cluster of small catacombs located near the Church of the Annunciation in Salina Naxxar in Malta. Although small when compared to the catacombs of St. Paul and St.
 The Valea Cerii River is a tributary of the Săucani River in Romania.
 Abdul Haris Nasution (3 December 1918 - 6 September 2000) was an Indonesian general who was twice appointed Army Chief of Staff and who escaped an assassination attempt during the 1965 coup attempt by 30 September Movement.
 Mätasselja is a village in Kärla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 The Sula (Russian: Сула) is a river in Leshukonsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Mezen River. It is 221 kilometres (137 mi) long and the area of its basin 2210 square kilometres (850 sq mi). The major tributaries of the Mezenskaya Pizhma are the Pyshega River and the Omza River (both left).The Sula starts on the Kozminsky Kamen Plateau part of the Timan Ridge. It generally flows in the south-western direction.
 Big Al is a children's picture book written by Andrew Clements and illustrated by Yoshi Kogo. It was originally released in 1989 through Picture Book Studio later rereleased via Simon & Schuster. A sequel Big Al and Shrimpy was published in 2002. The book is about a fish named Al who wants to have friends but all the fish are afraid of him.
 Randall L. Gardner (born August 20 1958) is an American politician currently a Republican member of the Ohio Senate serving the 2nd District since 2013. He formerly held the same district from 2001 to 2008 and was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1985 to 2000 and from 2008 to 2012.
 Sternacanthus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Sternacanthus allstoni Bates 1870 Sternacanthus batesi Pascoe 1862 Sternacanthus picicornis Thomson 1860 Sternacanthus picticornis Pascoe 1857 Sternacanthus sexmaculatus Bates 1870 Sternacanthus undatus (Olivier 1795) Sternacanthus unifasciatus Aurivillius 1922↑
 Alamdar (Persian: علمدار‎ also Romanized as Alamdār and ‘Alamdār) is a village in Ganjafruz Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1713 in 479 families.
 The Wilson Park Historic District (sometimes Rock House Historic District) is a historic district in Fayetteville Arkansas USA located just northeast of the University of Arkansas. The district consists of several residential buildings that developed during the late 19th and early 20th Century near Wilson Park just north of Dickson Street the city's primary entertainment district. Wilson Park Historic District includes 47 contributing buildings.
 Lipicze W is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Somdet Chao Phraya Borom Maha Si Suriyawongse (Thai: สมเด็จเจ้าพระยาบรมมหาศรีสุริยวงศ์ personal name Chuang Bunnag; December 23 1808 – January 19 1883) was a prominent 19th century Thai figure and served as the regent during the early years of the reign of King Chulalongkorn.A member of a family originally of Persian origin Si (or Sri) Suriyawongse was born the eldest son of Dis (ดิศ) Bunnag (Prayurawongse สมเด็จเจ้าพระยาบรมมหาประยูรวงศ์) and Than Phuying Chan.
 Engine Company No. 2 is a firehouse located at 1313 Washington Street in Hoboken Hudson County New Jersey United States. The firehouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 30 1984.
 Daynette 'Dee' Morikawa is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Hawaii House of Representatives since January 19 2011 representing District 16.
 Święck Wielki [ˈɕfjɛnt͡sk ˈvjɛlki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 57 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Hospital Universitario San Ignacio is a 4th level university hospital in Bogotá Colombia. It is located within campus of the Pontificia Universidad Javeriana and is home to this school's faculties of Medicine Nursing and Dentistry. The hospital serves nearly all fields in medical expertise and has been home to several recognised physicians including neurologist Rodolfo Llinás and anesthesiologist Alejandro Jadad.
 Me and My Kid Brother (Danish: Mig og min lillebror) is a 1967 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and starring Dirch Passer.
 The Woman and the Stranger (German: Die Frau und der Fremde) is a 1985 East German film directed by Rainer Simon. It is based on Leonhard Frank's novella Karl und Anna and tells the story of two friends in a POW camp during World War I. One of them escapes and forms a relationship with the other man's wife. After the war her husband returns. The film was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Golden Bear.
 Pico do Monte Negro is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul at 1398 metres (4587 ft).It is located in the canyon of same name more precisely at the city of São José dos Ausentes. The peak is considered easy to reach. By car it is possible to reach the base of the mountain with the rest of the way being travelled by foot.All the mountain and its surroundings are covered by a dense Araucaria forest.
 Milk & Honey is an award-winning cocktail bar in Soho London and the Lower East Side Manhattan [1]. The London branch is operated as a private members' club although non-members can visit before 11pm with a prior reservation [2].
 Crimen (also known as ...And Suddenly It's Murder! and Killing in Monte Carlo) is a 1960 Italian whodunit-comedy movie by Mario Camerini.The movie had two remakes: the first Io non vedo tu non parli lui non sente was directed by the same Camerini in 1971 and was starred by Gastone Moschin Enrico Montesano and Alighiero Noschese the second Once Upon a Crime was filmed in 1992 by Eugene Levy and has John Candy and James Belushi in the main roles.
 84C MoPic (also known as 84 Charlie MoPic) is a 1989 American independent war film drama by Patrick Sheane Duncan.
 Qarah Vali (Persian: قره ولي‎ also Romanized as Qarah Valī and Qarahvalī; also known as Yāstī Bolāghī) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District Hir District Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 8 families.
 WOW Gospel 2004 is a gospel music compilation album from the WOW series. Released January 27 2004 it includes thirty songs on a double CD album. It reached number 27 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2004 and hit number one on the Top Gospel Albums chart that year and also in 2006; it made number 19 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart in 2004.
 Kulin Kłodzki [ˈkulin ˈkwɔt͡ski] (German: Keilendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Kłodzki within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Lewin Kłodzki 24 km (15 mi) west of Kłodzko and 93 km (58 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Nowy Cygów [ˈnɔvɨ ˈt͡sɨɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Wołomin and 32 km (20 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Totem is a 2007 album recorded by French pop singer Zazie. It was her sixth studio album and her ninth album overall. It was released first digitally on 5 February 2007 then as a CD one week later. The album achieved success in francophone countries.
 Sir Francis Graham Moon 1st Baronet (28 October 1796 - 13 October 1871) was an English printseller and publisher and served as Lord Mayor of London.
 Ennamo Nadakkudhu (English: Something is happening) is a 2014 Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by Rajapandi. It stars Vijay Vasanth Mahima Nambiar Prabhu Rahman Saranya Ponvannan Sukanya and Thambi Ramaiah. Produced by Vijay Vasanth's brother V. Vinoth Kumar for Triple V Records it has music composed by Premgi Amaren and cinematography by A. Venkatesh while the editing is taken care of by Praveen K. L. and N. B. Srikanth.
 The Entomologist's Monthly Magazine is a British entomological journal first published in 1864. The journal publishes original papers and notes on all orders of insects and terrestrial arthropods from any part of the world specialising in groups other than Lepidoptera.Although its name would suggest otherwise it is currently produced only four times per year by Pemberley Books as of 2007.
 Mazeh Najaf (Persian: مازه نجف‎ also Romanized as Māzeh Najaf) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Smoluća Gornja is a village in the municipality of Lukavac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Ramnagar Bhutaha is a village development committee in Sunsari District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8003 people living in 1325 individual households.
 Pseudodeltote formosana is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The length of the forewings is 12-14 mm. The forewings are dark brown suffused with olive-green and the hindwings are white sparsely irrorated with dark brown.
 Admiralty Peak is a peak 3100 feet (945 m) high lying east of Wilckens Peaks in the central part of South Georgia. Charted by Discovery Investigations in 1926–30 and named after the Board of Admiralty. This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document Admiralty Peak (content from the Geographic Names Information System).
 Kort Grocery is a historic property located on Four Mile Road in Camp Springs Kentucky a rural area of Campbell County Kentucky. The stone building was constructed by Peter Kort in 1880 as part of a settlement built by German immigrants. The structure was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Indian River is a river in Lanark County in Eastern Ontario Canada. It is in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin and is a left tributary of the Mississippi River.
 SGNL>05 is an EP released by Isis which acts as an extension to their earlier full-length album Celestial as the tracks were all directly culled from the Celestial recording sessions.
 South Park Calvary United Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 1035 Broad Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Thermochrous stenocraspis is a species of moth of the Anomoeotidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zimbabwe.
 The Emperor Swallowtail (Papilio ophidicephalus) is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in Subsaharan Africa.The wingspan is 90–110 mm in males and 100–120 mm in females. Has two broods between August to December and January to April.The larvae feed on Clausena inqequalis Calodendrum capense Citrus spp. Clausena anisata Zanthoxylum capense and other Zanthoxylum spp.
 Before Too Long: Triple J's Tribute to Paul Kelly is a 3× CD tribute album by Various Artists of tracks originally performed by Australian singer-songwriter Paul Kelly which was released on 12 February 2010. Two discs were recorded at two live concerts sponsored by national radio station Triple J on 13 and 14 November 2009 at the Forum Theatre. The concerts celebrated Kelly's 30th year as a recording artist and were organised by Richard Kingsmill musical director at Triple J.
 The church is greatly renovated. Removed were four large pillars that supported the cupola. These pillars appear in old photographs of the church interior. A statue of St. Joseph and the Child Jesus beside him is in the style of 18th century ivories and may be from Jesuit times.
 My Name Is Asher Lev is a novel by Chaim Potok an American author and rabbi. The book's protagonist is Asher Lev a Hasidic Jewish boy in New York City. Asher is a loner with artistic inclinations. His art however causes conflicts with his family and other members of his community. The book follows Asher's maturity as both an artist and a Jew.Potok asserted that the conflict between tradition and individualism is constant and that the tension between religion and art is lifelong.
 Time Honoured Ghosts is a 1975 album released by the English rock group Barclay James Harvest. The title was suggested by the wife of Harvey Lisburg the band's manager at the time though it is believed that she was quoting from another unknown source. It was recorded between May and July 1975 at the His Masters Wheels studio in San Francisco. It was produced by Elliot Mazer and released in October on the Polydor Records label.
 Invisible Touch is the thirteenth studio album by Genesis released in 1986. It reached No.1 in the UK where it remained in the charts for 96 weeks making it by far the most commercially successful album of their career being certified 6x platinum in the US and 4x platinum in the UK. It eventually sold over 15 million copies worldwide.
 Heherson Sonny T. Alvarez is a politician from the Philippines. He has served as a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines and the Senate of the Philippines. He also was Secretary of Agrarian Reform and Minister of Agrarian Reform.
 Wola Szydłowiecka [ˈvɔla ʂɨdwɔˈvjɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Bolimów 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Skierniewice and 64 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Harischandraa is a 1999 Telugu Romance film directed by Thulasi kumar. The film starred J. D. Chakravarthy and Raasi in lead roles. It was remake of Tamil film which has same titled Harichandra which starred Karthik Muthuraman and Meena Durairaj in the lead roles.
 Mera Geet is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Nightwings is a science fiction novella by Robert Silverberg. It won the Hugo Award for Best Novella in 1969 and was also nominated for the Nebula Award in 1968. Nightwings is the first in a trilogy of novellas the next two being Perris Way (1968) and To Jorslem (1969). These three works were later collected into a single novel in three sections also titled Nightwings.
 Hoodrush is a 2012 Nigerian Musical thriller film written produced and directed by Dimeji Ajibola. It stars OC Ukeje Bimbo Akintola and Gabriel Afolayan. It received two nominations at the 9th Africa Movie Academy Awards Gabriel Afolayan eventually won the award for the category Best Actor In A Supporting Role.The film tells a story of the challenges encountered by two brothers who strife to partake in musical talent shows.
 Bowling Green is a station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway located at Broadway and Battery Place (at the Bowling Green) in the Financial District of Manhattan. It is served by the 4 train at all times and the 5 train at all times except late nights.
 John Castellani is an American public affairs executive and public policy advocate. He serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) and advocates for health and economic polices that encourage biopharmaceutical research investment and innovation. Prior to joining PhRMA Castellani led the Business Roundtable a U.S. advocacy and lobbying group. Currently he is on the Pharmacist Partners Advisory Board.
 Gończyce [ɡɔɲˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sobolew 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Garwolin and 70 km (43 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 840.
 Uninvited is a 1999 Italian thriller film directed by Carlo Gabriel Nero. It stars Nero's parents Vanessa Redgrave and Franco Nero. It premiered at the Mar del Plata Film Festival in Argentina on 26 November 1999 before its release in Italy on 19 May 2000. Carlo later collaborated with his mother in 2004 directing her in the HBO film The Fever.
 The Austin American-Statesman is the major daily newspaper for Austin the capital city of Texas. It is owned by Cox Enterprises. The newspaper places focus on issues affecting Austin and the Central Texas region.The Austin American-Statesman competes with the Austin Chronicle an alternative weekly.
 The Cheerful Squadron (Italian: L'allegro squadrone French: Les gaietés de l'escadron) is a 1954 Italian-French war-comedy film directed by Paolo Moffa.
 Lucerapex casearia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Cockedhat Mountain is a 7410-foot (2259 m) mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska and is one of the tallest mountains in the central Brooks Range. Located in the midst of the protected wilderness of Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve Cockedhat Mountain is approximately 27 air miles from the village of Anaktuvuk Pass Alaska.
 The United (Arabic: المتحدين) is a 2012 film produced by Touchstone Pictures. It was conceived as Disney's first ever Arabic-language film intended primarily for Middle Eastern audiences. Produced by Rachel Gandin The United was directed by Amin Matalqa written by Nizar Wattad and features performances from Farouk Al-Fishawy Waleed Zuaiter Bosaina and Amir Scandar. It was shot in and around Amman Jordan in January 2011 by veteran cinematographer Ray Peschke and edited by Debbie Berman.
 Dolmen Mall Clifton is a Mall in Karachi Pakistan that is located on Seaview Clifton. It opened in September 2011 successfully and is known for opening first international brand outlets such as Debenhams Timberland Next Monsoon and Accessorize and first openings of international fast food outlets such as Fatburger and Tutti Frutti Frozen Yogurt as well as Şölen Istanbul. It also opened a kid's arcade called Sindbad's Underwater World.
 Charles Patrick (Paddy) Neale (January 21 1921 – February 9 1990) was a Canadian politician who represented the electoral district of Vancouver East in the Canadian House of Commons from 1972 to 1974. He was a member of the New Democratic Party.Neale died at Vancouver on February 9 1990 of complications of heart disease and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
 Ligotka [liˈɡɔtka] (German Ellguth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Hi Scores is an EP by Boards of Canada. It was released on CD and vinyl in 1996 and subsequently re-released in 1998 2002 and 2005.
 Below Zero (1998) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich. It is a compilation of work that were released on multi-artist collections works created for such albums due later that year and previously unreleased tracks.This is the second compilation of this type released by Robert Rich the first being A Troubled Resting Place (1996). It also follows a similar style to A Troubled Resting Place consisting of turbulent organic atmospheres.
 Adrian Schrinner is a Councillor in the Brisbane City Council and has been in office since September 2005 for the Chandler Ward. He is a member of the Liberal National Party. He was endorsed as the Deputy Mayor of Brisbane in April 2011. Following the 2008 Brisbane City Council election he was appointed as the Chairman of the Finance and Administration Committee which oversees the management of the Council's $3 billion budget.
 Cicindela lepida is a species of threatened tiger beetle. The species size is 9-11 millimeters the dorsal surface is white or cream the head and thorax are green or reddish and covered with white setae and the maculations are greatly expanded and leaves only small areas of white brown. The species natural habitat is in pure white to pale yellow dry sandy areas with sparse or no vegetation. It is commonly found on coastal shorelines or large lake shores.
 Slow Man is a 2005 novel by South African-born Nobel laureate J. M. Coetzee and concerns a man who must learn to adapt after losing a leg in a road accident. The novel has many varied themes including the nature of care the relationship between an author and his characters and man's drive to leave a legacy. It was Coetzee's first novel since winning the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2003.
 Kufra Crater is a crater in the Cebrenia quadrangle of Mars located at 40.7° North and 239.77° West. It is 37.5 km in diameter and was named after a town in Libya.
 Parker House is believed to have been constructed for Robert Parker and his wife Ruth a daughter of Blue Hill founder Joseph Wood in 1816 (or possibly in 1812) on an upland portion of the Parker family land grants of which Parker Point was also part. After passing to other owners including Frederick Fisher grandson of Blue Hill's first settled minister Jonathan Fisher the house was remodeled in 1900 by George A. Clough for Mrs.
 The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is a Roman Catholic church near the Mansion District in Albany New York United States. Built in the 1850s it is the mother church of the Diocese of Albany. In 1976 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It has several claims to architectural and ecclesiastical history.
 Darreh Gol (Persian: دره گل‎) is a village in Shahr Meyan Rural District in the Central District of Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 11 families.
 Kim McMillan (nee Ambrester born c. 1963) is a Democratic politician who is mayor of Clarksville Tennessee and was the first woman in Tennessee history to be elected Majority Leader of the Tennessee House of Representatives. She was a candidate in the 2010 Tennessee gubernatorial election but dropped out to run for mayor of Clarksville.
 Acicula hausdorfi is a species of very small land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Aciculidae.
 Before I'll Die is the second studio album by Polish band Blog 27 which was released on April 18 2008.
 Kareh Dasht Mar (Persian: كره دشت مار‎ also Romanized as Kareh Dasht Mār) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 James Robert Hindman (February 4 1839 – October 12 1912) was the 23rd Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky.He was born in Bourbon County Kentucky in 1839. In 1883 he ran for and was elected Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky serving a full four year term under Governor J. Proctor Knott.The city of Hindman in Knott County Kentucky is named after him.
 Human Factors: (The Journal of Human Factors and Ergonomics Society) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of ergonomics. The editor-in-chief is William S. Marras (Ohio State University). It was established in 1964 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society.
 Witch’s Way of Love (original title Un Amour de Sorcière) is a 1997 French fantasy film written directed by René Manzor.
 The Naval Museum of Armament & Technology (NMAT) preserves and interprets the history of Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake and its heritage of advancing Naval aviation armament and technology. This museum is the repository of artifacts photographs and film documents and related heritage memorabilia from China Lake.
 Piz Muragl is a mountain of the Livigno Alps overlooking Pontresina in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range south of the Val Muragl.
 Im Sonderauftrag (English-language title: Special Mission) is an East German black-and-white film directed by Heinz Thiel. It was released in 1959.
 The Great Plains Black History Museum was formerly located at 2213 Lake Street in the Near North Side neighborhood in North Omaha Nebraska. It was housed in the Webster Telephone Exchange Building which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. A nationally renowned institution for more than 30 years the museum includes more than 100000 periodicals manuscripts photographs and research materials.
 Mutham (English: Kiss) is a 2002 Tamil slasher film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar. The film features Arun Vijay Sathyan Nagendra Prasad Ajayan Charulatha Jenifer and Anjali in lead roles. The film produced by M. Arul Moorthy had musical score by Bharani and was released on 6 December 2002 to negative reviews.
 Podkupientyn [pɔtkuˈpjɛntɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Sokołów Podlaski and 90 km (56 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Cruz Miguel Bustamante (born January 4 1953) is an American politician. He was the 45th Lieutenant Governor of California a former Speaker of the State Assembly and a member of the Democratic Party. He served with Governors Gray Davis and Arnold Schwarzenegger and was succeeded by John Garamendi on January 8 2007.
 Sacred Heart Church is a Grade II listed redundant Roman Catholic church on Tyldesley Road Hindsford Atherton in Greater Manchester England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Schizothorax nasus or Dongu snowtrout is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 Qaleh-ye Farhad Khan (Persian: قلعه فرهادخان‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Farhād Khān; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Farhād Khānād) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 400 in 97 families.
 The Kubnya (Russian: Кубня Chuvash: Кĕтне Tatar Cyrillic: Гөбенә Latin: Göbenä) is a river in Chuvashia and Tatarstan Russian Federation a left-bank tributary of the Sviyaga River. Its length is 176 km (121 of them in Tatarstan) and its drainage basin is 2480 km². It origins in Chuvashia and falls to the Sviyaga River 4 km south of Burunduki.Major tributary is Uryum River. The maximal mineralization is 500-800 mg/l. Average sediment in mouth per year is 92 mm.
 Albysjön (Swedish for Lake Alby) is a lake forming part of Lake Mälaren. It separates Botkyrka Municipality and Huddinge Municipality in south-western Stockholm Sweden.The lake which is filling a geological fault has steep cliffs along the western shore. To the north it connects to Vårbyfjärden through the narrow strait Fittja näset.
 Amerila astreus is a member of Arctiidae family. It is found from the Oriental region (including India) to New Guinea. The species is found in primary and secondary habitats ranging from the lowlands to montane regions.
 Lake Chagan (or Lake Balapan) Kazakhstan is a lake created by the Chagan nuclear test fired on January 15 1965 part of the Nuclear Explosions for the National Economy. Its water comes from the Chagan River. Often referenced as Atomic Lake the crater lake's volume is approximately 100000 m3 (81 acre·ft) and the lake is still radioactive although it has decayed to the point where people can swim in it. To the south the rim of the crater holds back the waters of a second reservoir.
 Hell's Bells: The Dangers of Rock 'N' Roll is a 1989 Christian documentary film produced and directed by Eric Holmberg who also produced and directed its sequel Hell's Bells 2 - The Power and Spirit of Popular Music (2004).
 Come Sing Jimmy Jo is a 1985 children's novel written by U.S. novelist Katherine Paterson. The book focuses on a West Virginia boy named James Johnson whose parents are bluegrass music performers. When it is discovered that James has previously unrecognized musical talent his parents force him to take the stage name Jimmy Jo and perform with them.
 Kottmar is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany. It is part of the Lusatian Highlands (Lausitzer Bergland). Its elevation is 583 m.
 Shadows Over Innsmouth is an anthology of stories edited by Stephen Jones. It was published by Fedogan & Bremer in 1994 in an edition of 2100 copies of which 100 were signed by the contributors. The anthology contains the H. P. Lovecraft novella The Shadow Over Innsmouth and several stories by British authors written as sequels to the Lovecraft story. Seven of the stories are original to this collection.
 The Gamma Phi Beta Sorority House in Urbana Illinois also known as Omicron Chapter of Gamma Phi Beta was built in 1918. It was designed by Hewitt Emerson & Gregg. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Aristosyrphus is a genus of Neotropical hoverflies.
 Eupithecia exquisita is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in China (Shensi).
 St. Walfridus kerk is a church located in Bedum Netherlands dedicated to Saint Walfridus. The church was founded ca. 1050.
 Killing Heidi is the third album by Australian rock band Killing Heidi released by Columbia Records in Australia on 30 August 2004 (see 2004 in music). It was the band's first album without their producer Paul Kosky — who worked on their previous albums and has a more sophisticated and grittier feel to it with the lead singer Ella Hooper stating that releasing the album is just like a re-launch.
 Cosmisoma lineellum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1870.
 Dracula III: Legacy is a 2005 horror film and the sequel to Dracula 2000 and Dracula II: Ascension. The film was directed by Patrick Lussier and stars Jason Scott Lee Jason London Roy Scheider and Diane Neal. It was released direct-to-video on July 12 2005.The role of Dracula is played by Rutger Hauer following Gerard Butler in Dracula 2000 and Stephen Billington in Dracula II: Ascension continuing the theme of Dracula's appearance changing due to regeneration.
 Ashen Victor known in Japan as Haisha (灰者) is a futuristic manga by Yukito Kishiro taking place in the same universe as his Battle Angel Alita series specifically in the Scrapyard.
 P. Ramachandran (July 11 1921–May 23 2001) was an Indian politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly. In parliament he represented Tamil Nadu. He was also Governor of Kerala (1982–1988). In the assembly he was elected from Peranamallur constituency as an Indian National Congress candidate in 1962. He was later elected to Lok Sabha from Chennai Central constituency as a Janata Party candidate in 1977.
 St. James Church and Rectory is a historic Episcopal church on NY 17B on the north side east of the junction with NY 97 within the Town of Delaware in Callicoon Sullivan County New York. The church was built in 1928 and the rectory about 1912. The church is a gabled building with a stuccoed exterior in the Mission style. It features a bell tower centered at the peak of the front-facing gable.
 The tenth The Desert Sessions LP titled Volume 10: I Heart Disco was released in 2003 packaged along with Volume 9: I See You Hearin' Me in a gatefold 10 album format. In My Head...Or Something later appeared on the Queens of the Stone Age album Lullabies to Paralyze under the title In My Head.
 College Holiday is a 1936 Paramount comedy. The film stars Jack Benny George Burns Gracie Allen and Martha Raye. It was directed by Frank Tuttle.
 T'inkiqucha (Quechua t'inki union qucha lake union lake hispanicized spelling Tinguicocha Tinquicocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huanuco Region Lauricocha Province Cauri District at a height of about 4365 m. It is situated in the Rawra mountain range southeast of the lake Patarqucha west of the lake Qarwaqucha and north of the smaller lake Puywanqucha. T'inkiqucha is 2 km long and 0.47 km at its widest point.
 Forever in Blue: The Fourth Summer of the Sisterhood is the fourth novel in Ann Brashares's acclaimed Sisterhood series. The story concludes the adventures of four girls who share a pair of magical pants that fit each one of them perfectly despite their vastly different shapes and sizes. This is the fourth book in the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series and was considered the last until Brashares published a fifth book in 2011. It was released on January 9 2007.
 Truth Be Told Part 1 is the first extended play by Greyson Chance. It contains five original songs it was released on November 19 2012.
 Everyone Loves You When You're Dead: Journeys into Fame and Madness is a book by the American author Neil Strauss released on March 15 2011. A New York Times bestseller the book is a compilation of more than 200 interviews from the author’s career as a pop culture journalist.To construct the book Strauss visited his original interview recordings notes and transcripts and selected the often unpublished moments from the three thousand-something interviews conducted for various periodicals.
 Ghalleh Zaghesi (Persian: غله زاغسي‎ also Romanized as Ghalleh Zāghesī) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 56 families.
 The Sierra de Lema is a mountainous upland area of Bolívar state Venezuela. Lying north of the Gran Sabana it marks the divide between the drainage basins of the Caroní and Cuyuni Rivers. It is partly within the bounds of Canaima National Park and encompasses a number of prominent tepuis including the entire Los Testigos chain and Ptari Massif. The elevational range of the Sierra de Lema is around 150–1650 metres (490–5410 ft) above sea level.
 George Knipp & Brother Building is a historic retail building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a five-story brick commercial structure with a four-bay cast-iron façade constructed about 1875. It features large window openings flanked by Corinthian columns. It was originally the location of John Knipps’ furniture business and his brother George Knipp’s enterprise in gas fixtures and plumbing supplies. It was later occupied by a furniture and carpet firm and later a J.G.
 Satamrai is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Shamshabad mandal.
 Cyphoma macumba is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Paul Tse Wai-chun (born 1959) is a Hong Kong solicitor who advertises himself as the Superman of Law. He also owns a small travel agency and was elected to the Legislative Council of Hong Kong for the tourism functional constituency in the 2008 legislative election. He is known for his relationship with celebrity and radio host Pamela Peck.[citation needed]
 Paraphasca is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Linn's Stamp News an American publication is the largest[citation needed] weekly newspaper for stamp collectors with a paid circulation of just over 46000 (as of 2005) Circulation peaked at almost 92000 in 1978 and has declined ever since because fewer new collectors are subscribing to replace those who subscribed in the 1950s to 1970s period. It is published by Amos Press who also publish the Scott stamp catalogs.
 Abbasabad-e Pisht (Persian: عباس ابادپيشت‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Pīsht; also known as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Zeydabad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 23 families.
 Pastorale is an album by Italian pianist Stefano Battaglia with Michele Rabbia on electronics and percussion recorded in 20009 and released on the ECM label.
 Sarafina! is a 1992 South African film starring Leleti Khumalo Whoopi Goldberg Miriam Makeba John Kani and Tertius Meintjies.
 The Alhambra Theatre also known as the Palace Theatre is a building in El Paso Texas. The building was designed by architect Henry C. Trost. The theatre opened on August 1 1914. It is an example of Moorish Revival architecture.
 Pari Chata also spelled Parichata (Aymara pari red hot Pukina chata mountain red hot mountain) is a mountain in the Andes in Bolivia about 4704 m (15433 ft) high. It is located in the Cordillera de los Frailes in the Potosí Department Tomás Frías Province Yocalla Municipality north of the river Pillku Mayu (red river).
 Blatna (Cyrillic: Блатна) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pizzo di Cadrèigh (2516 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located west of Olivone in the canton of Ticino. It lies south of the Scopi between the Val di Campo and the Valle Santa Maria.
 Vatileh (Persian: وتيله‎ also Romanized as Vatīleh) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 56 families.
 Ghost Sweepers (Hangul: 점쟁이들; RR: Jeomjaengyideul; MR: Chŏmjaengidŭl; also known as The Fortune Tellers) is a 2012 South Korean comedy horror film about a group of shamans from across the nation who gather together for a grand exorcism at a small village notorious for dark spirits as a young journalist gets sent to cover the story.
 Of Chameleons and Gods is the title of the first collection of poetry by Malawian poet Jack Mapanje published in 1981 in the United Kingdom. Despite critical acclaim the collection was withdrawn from circulation in Malawi because it was seen as a critique of the current government and especially the leader Hastings Kamuzu Banda.Mapanje in his introduction to the work describes as the result of the work of ten turbulent years.
 Prototheora parachlora is a species of moth of the Prototheoridae family. It is found in South Africa where it is only known from the Karkloof forest region of KwaZulu-Natal.The wingspan is about 15 mm. The only known adult was collected in late January.
 Cruel Summer is the third American album by Swedish pop music group Ace of Base. When Flowers saw the sale of four million copies after its release in Europe Asia and Africa on June 15 1998 Arista Records decided to release their own version of the album in the US and Japan re-titled Cruel Summer.
 Spirit Dome (2004) is a collaborative album by ambient musicians Steve Roach and Vidna Obmana. It was recorded in a live studio session in Philadelphia Pennsylvania on May 24 2002 beginning at around 1 AM. Although there are eight tracks on the CD they are not individually titled making Spirit Dome a single 73 minute piece of music.The music consists of electronic drones and other treated sound sources similar to Early Man.
 Death of a Neapolitan Mathematician (original Italian title: Morte di un matematico napoletano) is a 1992 Italian drama film written and directed by Mario Martone.The film earned nine awards and was nominated for two with director and writer Mario Martone winning seven awards.
 The Santa Justa Lift (Portuguese: Elevador de Santa Justa pronounced: [elɨvɐˈdoɾ dɨ ˈsɐ̃tɐ ˈʒuʃtɐ]) also called Carmo Lift (Portuguese: Elevador do Carmo [elɨvɐˈdoɾ du ˈkaɾmu]) is an elevator/lift in civil parish of Santa Justa in the historical city of Lisbon situated at the end of Rua de Santa Justa.
 Zorana Mihajlović (Serbian Cyrillic: Зорана Михајловић pronounced [zǒrana mixǎjloʋitɕ] born 5 May 1970 in Tuzla Yugoslavia) is a Serbian politician and current Deputy Prime Minister and the Minister of Construction Transport and Infrastructure in the Government of Serbia.
 Samoana diaphana one of several species also known as the Moorean viviparous tree snail or the Polynesian tree snail is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae. This species is endemic to French Polynesia.
 Lihtensteini is a village in Veriora Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 The Wichita Eagle is a daily newspaper published in Wichita Kansas. It is owned by The McClatchy Company which publishes 31 other newspapers including The Kansas City Star. It is the largest newspaper in Wichita Kansas and the surrounding area.
 Welcome to the Jungle is a 2008 hardback graphic novel written by science fiction and fantasy author Jim Butcher and illustrated by Ardian Syaf. Set in the world of Butcher's contemporary fantasy/mystery novel series The Dresden Files Welcome to the Jungle was written as a prequel to the first novel Storm Front. It was nominated for a Hugo Award in the Best Graphic Novel category.
 Itapalluni (Aymara itapallu nettle -ni Aymara suffix to indicate ownership place of nettles) is a mountain located in the Bolivian Andes about 4866 metres / 15965 ft high. It is situated in the La Paz Department Loayza Province Malla Municipality south west of Lake Wallatani and Jach'a Khunu Qullu of the Cordillera Kimsa Cruz (Kimsa Cruz mountain range).
 The Intimate Sessions - Volume 1 is a 2006 (see 2006 in music) album by Ilse Huizinga.
 Freedom Rock is the second studio album by the rock group H.E.A.T. Released in 2010 by the record company StormVox.
 St Michael's Church Burgh by Sands is in the village of Burgh by Sands Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Carlisle the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Andrew Aikton St Mary Kirkandrews-on-Eden with Beaumont and St Peter Kirkbampton. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 And Things That Go Bump in the Night is a play written in 1964 by Terrence McNally. It premiered on February 4 1964 at the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis. McNally was awarded a Rockefeller Foundation grant to write this play. The play ran on Broadway in 1965 for 16 performances.
 Memphis Brooks Museum of Art is an art museum in Memphis Tennessee. The Brooks Museum which was founded in 1916 is the oldest and largest art museum in the state of Tennessee. The museum is a privately funded nonprofit institution located in Overton Park in Midtown Memphis.The original Beaux-Arts building a registered U.S. National Landmark designed by James Gamble Rogers in 1913 was donated by Bessie Vance Brooks in memory of her husband Samuel Hamilton Brooks.
 Fotografiks is a book by David Carson published in 1999.
 Diplommatina lutea is a species of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 Sherrill United Methodist Church is one of the oldest and continuously active churches in Jefferson County Arkansas. Established in 1847 it was originally called Sherrill Methodist Episcopal Church South. In 2002 under that name it was among four Arkansas properties to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places the country’s official registry of historically significant properties according to Arkansas Historic Preservation Program director Ken Grunewald.
 Mordella holomelaena is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1914.
 The Elms Hotel and Spa is a historic resort hotel at Regent and Elms Boulevard in Excelsior Springs Missouri. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Mount Independence at 9950 feet (3030 m) above sea level is the second highest peak in the Albion Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest and Cassia County. It is located about 1 mi (1.6 km) northwest of Cache Peak. The Independence Lakes are located in the basin to the east of the peak.
 The Things We Did Last Summer is the second studio pop album by singer and actress Shelley Fabares released in 1962 on Colpix Records. It was available in both mono and stereo catalogue numbers CP-431 and SCP-431.The album was produced and arranged by Stu Phillips who had produced her previous record. It peaked on the Billboard 200 Chart at #121 in October 1962. The album features her Top 40 hit single Johnny Loves Me.
 The Cicârlăuț River is a tributary of the Cicârlău River in Romania.
 Lone Survivor is a 2013 American war film written and directed by Peter Berg and starring Mark Wahlberg Taylor Kitsch Emile Hirsch Ben Foster and Eric Bana. The film is based on the 2007 nonfiction book of the same name by Marcus Luttrell and Patrick Robinson.
 Our Last Best Chance: The Pursuit of Peace in a Time of Peril (Arabic: فرصتنا الأخيرة: السعي نحو السلام في وقت الخطر ) is a book written by King Abdullah II of Jordan and published by Viking Press in New York City. The book is available in eight languages highlights King Abdullah's vision towards resolving the Arab–Israeli conflict as well as the challenges facing the Middle East.
 Beinn Chùirn is a Scottish hill situated five kilometres west-southwest of Tyndrum it stands on the border of Stirlingshire and Perthshire at the northern extremity of the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park.
 Robert P. Aitken (1819–1873) was a Republican politician in the U.S. state of Michigan from 1865–1868 as well as a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War a township supervisor a fire insurance company secretary and a farmer.
 Phyllonorycter sexnotella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Kentucky and Pennsylvania).The wingspan is 7-7.5 mm.
 Calliclinus nudiventris is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Pacific coast of Chile.
 Waco is a 1966 western film starring Howard Keel and Jane Russell directed by R. G. Springsteen written by Max Lamb Steve Fisher and Harry Sanford and released by Paramount Pictures.This was the last leading screen role for Russell who did only bit parts in a pair of later films The Born Losers and Darker than Amber.The supporting cast features Brian Donlevy Wendell Corey Terry Moore John Agar Richard Arlen DeForest Kelley and Robert Lowery.
 Adam Ingram MSP (born 1 May 1951 Kilmarnock) is the Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for Carrick Cumnock and Doon Valley (Scottish Parliament constituency).
 How We Are was the second EP by Bombay Bicycle Club released in 2007. It was released to download on CD and as a limited edition 7 vinyl.
 The Shadowmancer Returns is the fourth novel in Graham Taylor's Shadowmancer series following Tersias and a direct sequel to Shadowmancer.
 The Bulge is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Pilot Range of the White Mountains.
 Miles Davis and Horns is an album by jazz trumpeter Miles Davis released in 1956.
 Renee Schulte (born December 9 1970) is an American politician who is the Iowa State Representative for the 37th District. She has worked as an adjunct professor of psychology at Mount Mercy College in Cedar Rapids and as a family therapist at Four Oaks a child welfare agency.As of October 2011 Schulte serves on several committees in the Iowa House - the Appropriations Education Human Resources and State Government committees.
 Lyria brianoi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 In the Wake of the Flood is a 2010 documentary film produced in Canada by director Ron Mann and featuring author Margaret Atwood. The film follows Atwood on her unusual book tour for her novel The Year of the Flood.The film premiered in Canada in October 2010 and will have its U.S. West Coast premiere at the San Francisco Green Film Festival in March 2011.
 Nobody's Coming to Save You is the second studio album by British indie band The Sunshine Underground the follow-up to their 2006 album Raise the Alarm and was released on 16 February 2010 through City Rockers/EMI. The album was recorded in September 2009 in Castleford.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church Complex is a historic church on Rider Avenue at the intersection of Terry Street in Patchogue New York. Though the official address is listed as being at 31 Rider Avenue the actual church is located between two houses owned by the church the southernmost of which is actually located at 31 Rider Avenue.It was built in 1883 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Freaks: Alive on the Inside (2006) is a fantasy romance and adventure novel by Annette Curtis Klause.
 The J. Whitney Goff Round Barn near Winfred South Dakota United States is a round barn that was built in 1915. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.Round barns in the state were later studied and a number more were recommended for NRHP listing.
 Jesse Lee (born 1979) was named the White House Director of Progressive Media & Online Response on May 23 2011. This is a newly created position to help maintain the President's online presence as he prepares for his 2012 Presidential reelection bid. The duties of this position dealing with negative or factually incorrect stories about the President was formerly handled by the Democratic National Committee's rapid response team.
 The Thelon River (or Akilinik) stretches 900 kilometres (560 mi) across northern Canada. Its source is Whitefish Lake in the Northwest Territories and it flows east to Baker Lake in Nunavut. The Thelon ultimately drains into Hudson Bay at Chesterfield Inlet.
 Aliabad-e Khosrowi (Persian: علي ابادخسروي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Khosrowī; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Mashiz Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kelly Lake (Annapolis ) is a lake of Annapolis County Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Loznișoara River is a tributary of the Rusca River in Romania.
 Poor Moon is the third studio album by American duo Hiss Golden Messenger. It was released in April 2012 under Tompkins Square Records
 The 71st Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began on the first Tuesday in January.
 Ahmed al-Gaddafi al-Qahsi (died 26 July 2011) was the cousin of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. In 2006 he married Gaddafi's daughter Ayesha. According to the Gaddafi family Qahsi who was a Colonel in the Libyan Army was killed in the 26 July 2011 bombing of the Gaddafi compound during the Libyan civil war. The couple had three children before the conflict started.
 Paroha is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
 Qaleh Sard-e Bala (Persian: قلعه سردبالا‎ also Romanized as Qalʿeh Sard-e Bālā; also known as Qalehsard-e Bālā) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 118 in 22 families.
 Epitymbia alaudana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is known from Australia.
 Finella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Scaliolidae.This genus has been assigned in the course of time to different families by different authors: Rissoidae Cerithiidae Dialidae Obtortionidae Finellidae and Diastomatidae Morphological and anatomical studies by Winston Ponder in 1994 established that the genera Finella and Scaliola didn't belong in the above mentioned families and he brought them in a new family Scaliolidae.
 Mesothen inconspicuata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kaye in 1911. It is found in Guyana.
 Bartlett School also known as the Frank C. Palumbo Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located in the Hawthorne neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1930. It is a brick building with terra cotta ornament in the Art Deco-style.Since September 2006 the school has operated as a college preparatory magnet high school within the School District of Philadelphia known as the Academy at Palumbo.
 Kenyarctia epicaste is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Fawcett in 1915. It is found in Kenya.
 Sanjog is a 1985 Hindi-language film directed by K. Vishwanath.
 Terrorist is the 22nd novel written by John Updike.
 Hnawayaca is a village in northwestern Maré Island in the Loyalty Islands of New Caledonia. It lies west by road from Wakuarori northeast of Padawa and south of Roh.The villagers are notable performers of the Drui dance.
 Tiberia is a genus of minute parasitic sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. Tiberia is the only genus in the tribe Tiberiini.
 Queer Visitors from the Marvelous Land of Oz was a newspaper comic strip written by L. Frank Baum and illustrated by Walt McDougall a political cartoonist for the Philadelphia North American. Queer Visitors appeared in the North American the Chicago Record-Herald and other newspapers from 28 August 1904 to 26 February 1905.
 Nazarabad (Persian: نظراباد‎ also Romanized as Naz̧arābād; also known as Naz̧ābād) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 306 in 86 families.
 Dast Bezanu (Persian: دستبزانو‎ also Romanized as Dast Bezānū) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 21 families.
 The Cozănești River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Eyeball (Italian: Gatti rossi in un labirinto di vetro Spanish: El ojo en la oscuridad also known as Wide-Eyed in the Dark The Devil's Eye and The Secret Killer) is a 1975 Italian-Spanish giallo film directed by Umberto Lenzi.
 Terpsichora (舞姫（テレプシコーラ） Maihime Terepushikōra lit. The Dancing Girl) also known as Maihime Τερψιχόρα in Greek is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Ryoko Yamagishi. The manga was awarded the grand prize for the 11th Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize in 2007. Media Factory published the 10 tankōbon volumes of the manga between June 23 2001 and January 23 2007.Ryoko Yamagishi also wrote a sequel titled Terpsichora Part 2 (舞姫（テレプシコーラ） 第２部 Maihime Terepushikōra Dai Ni Bu lit.
 Hānaiakamalama (The Foster Child of the Moon) or Queen Emma Summer Palace served as a retreat for Queen Emma of Hawaii from 1857 to 1885 as well as for her husband King Kamehameha IV and their son Prince Albert Edward. It is a now a historic landmark museum and tourist site located at 2913 Pali Highway less than a ten-minute drive outside of downtown Honolulu Hawaii. The museum is open daily from 9:00 a.m.
 The Confederate Monument in Frankfort in Frankfort Cemetery in Frankfort Kentucky is a monument dedicated to the Confederate States of America that is on the National Register of Historic Places.The statue depicts a Confederate soldier standing ready. It is made of white marble and stands atop a granite pedestal and limestone base.
 Gary Haluska (born March 17 1950) is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Bee Hives is a 2004 album by Broken Social Scene. It is a collection of B-sides from their second full length You Forgot It in People.The working title for the album was Death Is a B-Side. Cover art for this title can be found in the book This Book Is Broken.
 Simple Headphone Mind is the second collaboration between Stereolab and Nurse With Wound. As with their first release Crumb Duck Stereolab recorded the basic track and then handed it over to Steven Stapleton to do with as he pleased.
 Risqué is the third studio album by American R&B band Chic released on Atlantic Records in 1979 the same year that Bernard Edwards and Nile Rodgers wrote and produced Sister Sledge's massively successful We Are Family.Risqué includes three classic Chic hits; Good Times (#1 Pop #1 R&B June 23 1979 #5 UK) My Forbidden Lover (#33 R&B #43 Pop October 13 1979 #15 UK) and My Feet Keep Dancing (#42 R&B #101 Pop December 8 1979 #21 UK).
 Mount Eolus is a fourteener in the U.S. state of Colorado the highest of the Needle Mountains (a subrange of the San Juan Mountains). It is located in the Weminuche Wilderness (part of the San Juan National Forest) in La Plata County approximately 13 miles (21 km) south of Silverton. Named after the Greek god of the wind the mountain was originally referred to as Aeolus in the 1874 Hayden Survey.
 Thomas Clay McCreery (December 12 1816 – July 10 1890) was a Democratic U.S. Senator from Kentucky.Born at Yelvington Kentucky. McCreery graduated from Centre College in Danville Kentucky in 1837. He studied law passed the bar and commenced practice in Frankfort Kentucky. He then returned to Owensboro and engaged in literary pursuits.He ran unsuccessfully for election in 1842 to the Twenty-eighth Congress and again in 1844 to the Twenty-ninth Congress.
 Blaguša is a village in Croatia.
 The Beehive is the original terminal building at Gatwick Airport England. Opened in 1936 it became obsolete in the 1950s as the airport expanded. In 2008 it was converted into serviced offices operated by OREGA having served as the headquarters of franchised airline GB Airways for some years before that. It was the world's first fully integrated airport building and is considered a nationally and internationally important example of airport terminal design.
 Konstantinos Adosidis was the Ottoman-appointed Prince of Samos from 1873 to 1874 and again from 1879 to 1885.A native of Kayseri upon being appointed Prince of Samos he organized all the civil services of the Principality of Samos and he abolished the taxation system based on the tithe earning him much popularity on the island After ruling for five months he was summoned back by the Ottoman Sultan in order to work elsewhere in administration of the Ottoman Empire the Samian parliament begged the Sultan to reconsider. 
 Nigel Lawson Baron Lawson of Blaby PC (born 11 March 1932) is a British Conservative politician and journalist. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) representing the constituency of Blaby from 1974 to 1992 and served in the Thatcher Cabinet from 1981 to 1989. Prior to entering the Cabinet he served as the Financial Secretary to the Treasury from May 1979 until his promotion to Secretary of State for Energy.
 Fan Fawr (Welsh 'big peak') is a mountain in the Fforest Fawr section of the Brecon Beacons National Park South Wales and over 734 m (2408 ft) high.The summit overlooks the steep eastern face and is marked by a cairn. Unusually the trig point on this hill does not sit at the summit but 600 m to the south-west on a subsidiary spur. The hill is drained to the west by streams flowing into the Afon Dringarth and to the east by streams draining into the Taf Fawr.
 Taboche (also known as Tawoche Tobuche Tāuje Taweche Tawache or Tawetse) is a mountain in the Khumbu region of the Nepalese Himalaya. Taboche is connected to Cholatse by a long ridge. Taboche lies directly across the Imja River from Ama Dablam and above the villages of Pheriche and Dingboche.The first ascent was made in 1974 by a French expedition led by Yannick Seigneur and the clarinettist and composer Jean-Christian Michel.
 Dehlaq (Persian: دهلق‎) is a village in Mofatteh Rural District in the Central District of Famenin County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1098 in 235 families.
 A Submarine Pirate is a 1915 short comedy film starring Syd Chaplin and featuring an early uncredited appearance by Harold Lloyd.
 Aftershock is the second album by Canadian rock band Forty Foot Echo. Created after a complicated series of events that led to the breakup of the original band lineup lead singer Murray Yates suffered a period of depression.[citation needed] Along with friend Shaun McDowell Yates reformed the band with new members and recorded this album[citation needed]
 Taj Mahal is a palace built by Sultan Shah Jahan Begum of Bhopal. It is located beside the Taj-ul-Masajid in Bhopal India.
 The Bendola is a river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. It is a left tributary of the Roya. Its source is in the Ligurian Alps east of Saorge near the border with Italy. It discharges into the river Roya near Saorge.
 Zebra Lounge is a 2001 erotic thriller directed by Kari Skogland and written by Claire Montgomery and Monte Montgomery.
 Tree of Knowledge (Danish: Kundskabens træ) is a 1981 Danish coming-of-age drama directed by Nils Malmros. The film details the lives of 17 teenage schoolmates in 1950s Denmark. Shooting on location at the high school which he had attended Malmros took two years to film the action so the cast members reflected the real life physical and emotional development of their characters.
 Massimo D'Alema (Italian pronunciation: [ˈmassimo daˈlɛma]; born 20 April 1949) is an Italian politician. He is also a journalist and a former national secretary of the Democratic Party of the Left (PDS). He was the 53rd Prime Minister from 1998 to 2000 and later he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2006 to 2008.
 Unstable is Adema's second and also final album to feature its original lineup with vocalist Mark Chavez departing from the band after its release and then again after their reunion. It was released on August 12 2003. It has sold about 400000 copies worldwide. Its radio single was the self-titled song Unstable which also had a music video but it didn't get very much radio play.
 The Queen Of African Music is a 17-track compilation album by Miriam Makeba released by Theo König Verlag Pläne in 1987.
 Retro Puppet Master (also known as Retro Puppetmaster) is a 1999 direct-to-video horror film written by Charles Band Benjamin Carr and David Schmoeller and directed by David DeCoteau.
 Introns is an album by LCD Soundsystem released in March 2006 as a digital download. It is a compilation of b-sides and remixes from the album LCD Soundsystem and associated singles. The cover image shows James Murphy's record collection.Three of the tracks are from a session recorded for London radio station Xfm. The session version of Slowdive a Siouxsie and the Banshees cover was originally on the Disco Infiltrator single.
 Lindberg Farias (born December 8 1969) is a Brazilian politician. He has represented Rio de Janeiro in the Federal Senate since 2011. Previously he was a Deputy from Rio de Janeiro from 1995 to 1999. He is a member of the Workers' Party.
 The Best of Two Worlds was released by Columbia Records in 1976 to feature Stan Getz in a reunion with João Gilberto. Their previous collaboration was a decade earlier on Getz/Gilberto Vol. 2. Heloisa Buarque de Hollanda (Miúcha) who was then married to João Gilberto sang the English vocals.
 Stakkattakktwo is the fourth album of the British glam metal band Wrathchild. It was released in October 3 2011 via Perris Records. The name is a reference to the band's first album Stakk Attakk (1984). It is the only Wrathchild album to feature Gaz Psychowrath Harris who left the band in August 2013.
 Lyaskovo Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 Ingeniøren (full name: Nyhedsmagasinet Ingeniøren literally The News Magazine The Engineer) is a Danish weekly newspaper specialising in engineering topics. It covers science and technology issues as well as political topics and debate related to engineering.The corresponding magazines are Ny Teknik in Sweden and Teknisk Ukeblad in Norway.
 September Tapes is a faux-documentary feature film co-written and directed by Christian Johnston in his feature debut. An early review of the film's promotional trailer noted that the footage looked more real than network news footage. It was rated R for language and violent images by the MPAA.
 Aldanaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 Notoncus is a genus of ant in the subfamily Formicinae.
 Drupa speciosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Eesti Kullafond [Estonian Gold Foundation] is a series of albums of Estonian classic artists. This album has most of the Singer Vinger's recorded original songs. A notable exclusion is Valvuri laul from Ärq ei lääq the reason probably being that the album is not yet outdated and so people would still buy it. It has 2 CD-s and a DVD.
 Loudoun Hill also commonly Loudounhill is a volcanic plug in East Ayrshire Scotland. It is located near the head of the River Irvine east of Darvel. One real and one fictional battle have been fought around Loudoun Hill.
 Fortrose Cathedral was the episcopal seat (cathedra) of the medieval Scottish diocese of Ross. It is probable that the original site of the diocese was at Rosemarkie but by the 13th century the canons had relocated a short distance to the south-west to the site known as Fortrose or Chanonry. According to Gervase of Canterbury in the early 13th century the cathedral of Ross was manned by Céli Dé (culdees).
 BurritoVille is a New York City-based quick-service food chain serving Tex-Mex cuisine established in 1992. Until 2008 there were 16 locations in Manhattan one in Westbury New York on Long Island and one in Hoboken NJ. The menu items consist mostly of various types of burritos and tacos as well as salads and nachos. Many of the items are vegetarian. Each restaurant delivers in the surrounding area while dine-in patrons have access to free unlimited chips and salsa.
 Wish is a 1993 album by jazz saxophonist Joshua Redman.
 Van Wijk is a small lunar impact crater that lies in the southern part of the far side of the Moon. It is located to the north-northwest of the huge walled plain Schrödinger and to the southwest of the crater Fechner.The rim of this crater has a noticeable outward bulge toward the south but it is otherwise relatively circular. The perimeter remains relatively sharp-edged with some wear along the north and northwest faces.
 The Valea Mărăcinilor River is a tributary of the Gârcin river in Romania.
 Fort William and Mary was a colonial fortification in Britain's worldwide system of defenses manned by soldiers of the Province of New Hampshire who reported directly to the royal governor. The fort known locally as the Castle was situated on the island of New Castle New Hampshire at the mouth of the Piscataqua River estuary. First fortified by the British prior to 1632 the fort guarded access to the harbor at Portsmouth and served as the colony's main munitions depot.
 Majówka [maˈjufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 16 km (10 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 70.
 Nebria heegeri is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Chornagora and Gorgany Mountains of Ukraine. The males are brown coloured while the females are black. Both sexes are 11 millimetres (0.43 in) long.
 Cat vs. Rat is a Shaw Brothers martial arts-comedy film directed by Lau Kar Leung starring Alexander Fu Adam Cheng Kara Hui and Hsiao Ho. The plot is loosely based on the 19th century wuxia classic novel The Seven Heroes and Five Gallants.
 The Unseeable (Thai: เปนชู้กับผี or Pen Choo Kub Pee; RTGS: Pen Chu Kap Phi) is a 2006 Thai horror film directed by Wisit Sasanatieng. The first film of another writer's screenplay by the director the writer is Kongkiat Khomsiri one of the Ronin Team credited with directing the 2005 Thai horror film Art of the Devil 2.
 Kleiner Pälitzsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 56.1 m its surface area is 2.01 km².
 Ultimate Power is a nine-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics.The series is a crossover that ties the Supreme Power universe into the Ultimate Marvel universe and is written by Brian Michael Bendis J. Michael Straczynski and Jeph Loeb with art by Greg Land.
 Only One Life: The Songs of Jimmy Webb is a studio album by American singer Michael Feinstein released in October 2003 by Concord Records. The album was recorded in tribute to the songwriter Jimmy Webb.
 Bathycongrus macrocercus is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Alfred William Alcock in 1894 originally under the genus Congromuraena. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the Andaman Islands in the eastern Indian Ocean.
 Perception is a 40th-anniversary edition 12-disc box set by The Doors. The CDs contain the 1999 remastered editions of all the Jim Morrison albums while the DVD-Audio discs contain new (2007) 40th Anniversary stereo and surround remixes of those albums as well as visual extras. Each album includes extra tracks consisting of previously unreleased session outtakes. Exclusive to the box set is a DVD with several live performances and other extras.
 Buinak (Persian: بويينك‎ also Romanized as Bū’īnak and Būynak) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 844 in 199 families.
 Goodbye Columbus is a 1959 collection of fiction by the American novelist Philip Roth comprising the title novella Goodbye Columbus—which first appeared in The Paris Review—and five short stories.
 Chelat Achutha Menon (13 January 1913 – 16 August 1991) was the Chief Minister of Kerala state for two terms. The first term was from 1 November 1969 to 1 August 1970 and the second 4 October 1970 to 25 March 1977. He was instrumental in starting number of institutions and development projects in Kerala. Achutha Menon was the only politician who adorned the chief minister ship of Kerala for two consecutive terms.
 Mecklenburg's Garden is a historic restaurant in the Corryville neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Its Italianate building perhaps constructed as a house was built in about 1865 but it was converted into a restaurant by 1870. In its earliest years as a restaurant it was run by John Neeb who sold it to one of his employees in 1886.
 Sharafat is a 1970 Hindi film directed by Asit Sen starring Dharmendra Hema Malini Ashok Kumar Sonia Sahni and Jagdeep. Hema Malini plays the role of a feisty courtesan Chanda in search of her father in this satire about society's hypocritical moral standards.
 The Pasterze (Slovenian Pastirica shepherdess) at approximately 8.4 kilometers (5.2 mi) in length is the longest glacier in Austria and in the Eastern Alps reaching from the 3453-metre (11329 ft) Johannisberg to 2100 metres (6900 ft) above sea level. It lies within the Hohe Tauern mountain range in Carinthia directly beneath Austria's highest mountain the Grossglockner.
 Tymieniec-Jastrząb [tɨˈmjɛɲɛt͡s ˈjastʂɔmp] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Coopers Square is an indoor shopping centre located in Burton upon Trent Staffordshire England. It is owned by the Grosvenor Group.Formerly called Burton Shopping Centre; the site was opened in 1970 by HRH Princess Alexandra.The total retail area for the shopping centre is 35766 m2 (385000 sq ft).The shopping centre has 800 car parking spaces with a ground car park as well as a rooftop car park.
 The Costa Rican Variable Harlequin Toad (Atelopus varius) also known as the clown frog is a neo-tropical true toad from the family Bufonidae (Crump 1986). Once ranging from Costa Rica to Panama A. varius is now listed as critically endangered and has been reduced to a single remnant population near Quepos Costa Rica (rediscovered in 2003) and is presumed to be extinct in Panama (IUCN).
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist located at 300 East Burlington Avenue in Fairfield Iowa is an historic structure that on October 30 1997 was determined to be eligible for addition to the National Register of Historic Places. It is now St. Gabriel and All Angels Liberal Catholic Church.
 Qurnat as Sawdā’ is the highest point in Lebanon and the Levant at 3088 meters above sea level.Lebanon Peaks Mount Lebanon peaks above 1800 m are covered with snow almost 4 months a year and the peaks above 2500 m are covered around 6 months a year.
 Noreen Evans (born April 22 1955) is an American lawyer and politician who is a member of the California State Senate. She is a Democrat representing the 2nd district encompassing Humboldt Mendocino Lake and Napa counties as well as parts of Sonoma and Solano counties.
 Two Yanks in England is an album by The Everly Brothers released in 1966.The backing band on most of the recordings is actually The Hollies and eight of the twelve songs featured are credited to L. Ransford The Hollies' Allan Clarke Tony Hicks and Graham Nash songwriting pseudonym. Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones are also purported to play on the record as session musicians.
 Colonel John Jestyn Llewellin 1st Baron Llewellin GBE PC MC TD (6 February 1893 – 24 January 1957) was a British army officer Conservative Party politician and minister in Winston Churchill's war government.
 Naveen Patnaik (born October 16 1946) is 14th and current Chief Minister of Odisha a state in eastern India. The founding chief of the Biju Janata Dal political party he is also a writer and has published three books. His attempts to bring in transparency in the system and his drive against corruption in high places including his own party BJD have given him the epithet of Mr Clean and voted as most popular chief minister.
 The Stag and Hounds Public House is on Old Market Street Old Market Bristol.It was built originally in 1483 probably as a private house.
 Lake Elmore is a 219-acre (0.89 km2) lake located in and named after Elmore Vermont. The lake is located northwest of Elmore and it drains into the Lamoille River through Elmore Pond Brook at the northern end. Recently the lake has had a problem with milfoil and there are several fundraisers every year to help the Milfoil Foundation which then uses the money to pay for the milfoil's extraction.
 Tolombeh-ye Morteza Khan (Persian: تلمبه مرتضي خان‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Morteẕá Khān) is a village in Jereh Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 11 families.
 Sławowice [swavɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Wołów and 34 kilometres (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 For the Sake of My Intemperate Youth (Swedish: För min heta ungdoms skull) is a 1952 Swedish drama film directed by Arne Mattsson. It was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
 Christopher P. Lu (simplified Chinese: 卢沛宁; traditional Chinese: 盧沛寧; pinyin: Lú Pèiníng; born June 12 1966) is the United States Deputy Secretary of Labor. He also served as Assistant to the President and Cabinet Secretary for United States President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2013 as well as the co-chair of the White House Initiative on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders.
 Neurogomphus featheri is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in Chad Gambia Kenya Nigeria and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and rivers.
 The Kingslayer is a collection of science fiction short stories by author L. Ron Hubbard. It was first published in 1949 by Fantasy Publishing Company Inc. in an edition of 1200 copies. The title story first appeared in this collection. The other stories had previously appeared in the magazine Astounding.
 The Norton Museum of Art is an art museum located in West Palm Beach Florida. Its collection includes over 7000 works with a concentration in European American and Chinese art as well as in contemporary art and photography. In 2003 it overtook the John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art in Sarasota as the largest museum in Florida.
 Conan the Hero is a fantasy novel written by Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian and his black counterpart Juma of Kush a character originally created by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter for their Conan story “The City of Skulls.” It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in February 1989 and was reprinted in September 1991 and March 1997.
 The Juína-Miriam River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Mount Coffin was a promontory in what is now Longview Cowlitz County Washington U.S.. It served as native burial grounds for the Skillute a Chinook Jargon speaking tribe who practiced above-ground interment of their deceased. The memaloose illahee or cemetery was named by Lieutenant William Robert Broughton of George Vancouver's expedition aboard the HMS Chatham in 1792. The landmark was leveled for its gravel during construction of the Port of Longview.
 The Bec des Rosses is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking Verbier in the Swiss canton of Valais. It is connected to Verbier and the 4 Vallees ski area.Each year the Bec des Rosses hosts the world's most prestigious extreme skiing and snowboarding contest the Verbier Extreme. Most routes down the face are between 55 and 60 degrees and for this reason the Bec des Rosses is renowned as one of the toughest mountains to ski in the Alps.
 Strabena mopsus is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 Habibabad (Persian: حبيب اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩabībābād) is a village in Sornabad Rural District Hamaijan District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 80 in 20 families.
 Lamottella is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its single described species is found in Guinea.
 Abrothrix andinus also known as the Andean Altiplano Mouse or Andean Akodont is a species of rodent in the genus Abrothrix of family Cricetidae. It is found in the altiplano habitat of the Andes from central Peru through Bolivia south to Argentina and Chile.
 Die Supernasen is a 1983 West German comedy film featuring Thomas Gottschalk and Mike Krüger. The name of the movie The Supernoses refers to the fact that both of them have big noses.The two have worked together in several very popular movies. They were mostly college-movies in a German setting - two naughty young men in Bavaria with lots of beautiful girls and funny complications. Their current popularity keeps their old films alive like this film Die Supernasen.
 Matsuyama Castle (松山城 Matsuyama-jō) is a flatland-mountain castle that was built in 1603 on Mount Katsuyama whose height is 132 meters in Matsuyama city in Ehime Prefecture (the former Iyo Province). It is not to be confused with Bitchū Matsuyama Castle.
 The Sand Castle (French: Le château de sable) is a 1977 stop motion animated short by Co Hoedeman. Winner of the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 50th Academy Awards the film was produced by Gaston Sarault for the National Film Board of Canada. The film was created with sand animation and sand-covered foam rubber puppets.
 The Galápagos Martin (Progne modesta) is a species of bird in the Hirundinidae family endemic to the Galápagos Islands in Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland pastureland and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Masked Woman is a lost 1927 silent film melodrama produced and distributed by First National Pictures. Filmed in France it was the last screenwriting effort of famed June Mathis who died in 1927 and was directed by her husband Silvano Balboni usually a cinematographer. Anna Q. Nilsson Holbrook Blinn and serial veteran Ruth Roland star.
 Che (Persian: چ) is a 2014 Iranian biographical war film directed by Ebrahim Hatamikia. Che depicts 48 hours of Mostafa Chamran's life who was the first post-Islamic Revolution defense minister of Iran on August 16 and 17 1979 when he was sent by Ayatullah Khomeini to command several military operations in the civil war in the Kordestan region which was besieged by anti-revolutionary forces. The films was submitted to the 32nd Fajr International Film Festival.
 Secret Room is a 2013 Nigerian direct-to-video Thriller film directed by Eneaji Chris Eneng starring OC Ukeje Jide Kosoko Linda Ejiofor and Lilian Esoro.
 Garrus (Persian: گروس‎ also Romanized as Garrūs and Garroos; also known as Gīrow Gīrū Karnow Keruo and Kerus) is a village in Chelleh Khaneh Rural District Sufian District Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1737 in 481 families.
 Vacanze a Ischia (also known as Holiday Island) is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Camerini.
 Umbrail Pass (el. 2501 m.) is a high mountain pass on the Swiss-Italian border connecting Santa Maria in Val Müstair with Bormio in the Adda valley. On the Italian side it connects to the Stelvio Pass road. It is currently the highest paved road in Switzerland.
 Silent But Deadly is an American 2011 feature film which was filmed at Chatham-Kent Ontario Canada. It stars Kim Poirier Jason Mewes and William Sadler. It is a MJC Entertainment Inc production. It premiered on the Canadian TV channel Super Channel on November 11 2011.
 Glorify Astrological Martyrdom is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released in 2008 by Important Records.
 The Albannach is a small hotel in the port of Lochinver in the Scottish Highlands. It has an acclaimed restaurant which was awarded a Michelin star in 2009.
 Prestosuchids were a group of Triassic carnivorous archosaurs. They were large active terrestrial apex predators ranging from around 2.5 to 7 metres (8.2 to 23.0 ft) in length. They succeeded the Erythrosuchidae as the largest archosaurs of their time. While resembling erythrosuchids in size and some features of the skull and skeleton they were more advanced in their erect posture and crocodile-like ankle indicating more efficient gait.
 The Newlydeads is the first album by the band The Newlydeads.
 The Altar and the Door Live is a live CD/DVD by the Christian rock band Casting Crowns released in 2008.
 Happy Christmas Vol. 3 is a 2000 holiday music compilation album. It was released by BEC Records and features artists from a variety of styles who were signed to BEC's parent Tooth & Nail Records. The album is the third in a series of five being preceded by Happy Christmas in 1998 and Happy Christmas Vol. 2 in 1999 and succeeded by Happy Christmas Vol. 4 in 2005.
 The Santa Fe New Mexican is a daily newspaper published in Santa Fe New Mexico. It is the oldest daily newspaper west of the Mississippi River established in 1849. The downtown offices for The New Mexican are located at 202 East Marcy Street in Santa Fe. In this office the advertising editorial accounting and administration departments are located. The New Mexican built a new 65000 sq. ft. production building in November of 2004.
 As We May Think is an essay by Vannevar Bush first published in The Atlantic in July 1945 and republished again as an abridged version in September 1945 — before and after the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
 Dr. Zoltán Kovács (born 1969) is a Hungarian historian and politician who currently serves as Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Relations in the Second Cabinet of Viktor Orbán.
 Buneh Rizak-e Chenar (Persian: بونه ريزك چنار‎ also Romanized as Būneh Rīzak-e Chenār; also known as Būneh Rīzak) is a village in Chenar Rural District Kabgian District Dana County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 41 in 9 families.
 The Wawona Hotel is a historic hotel located within southern Yosemite National Park in California. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987 and is on the National Register of Historic Places .
 Childhood subtitled A journal of global child research is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal publishing research in the field of childhood studies. It was established in 1993 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Norwegian Centre for Child Research. The journal's editors-in-chief are Leena Alanen (University of Jyvaskyla) Daniel Thomas Cook (Rutgers University) Virginia Morrow (University of Oxford) and Olga Nieuwenhuys (University of Amsterdam).
 Sir Chintaman Dwarakanath Deshmukh CIE ICS (14 January 1896 – 2 October 1982) was an Indian civil servant and the first Indian to be appointed as the Governor of the Reserve Bank of India in 1943 by the British Raj authorities. He subsequently served as the Finance Minister in the Union Cabinet (1950–1956).
 Reset the Preset is an electronica album by Console. The track Dirt on the Wire was sung by Miriam Osterrieder.
 The Virginia & Truckee (V&T) Railroad Depot of Carson City Nevada is a historic railroad station that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). It is significant for its association with the economically important role of the V&T railroad historically in Carson City following discovery of the Comstock Lode mine in 1859.
 Francis J. Rush (May 25 1921 – June 15 1985) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 The Cherry River is a tributary of the Gauley River in southeastern West Virginia USA. Via the Gauley Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. The Cherry River drains mostly rural and forested areas and flows for much of its length through the Monongahela National Forest. Throughout its entire length the Cherry goes over a series of whitewater rapids in a mountainous setting.
 Paadatha Thenikkal is a 1988 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by V.M.C.Haneefa starring Sivakumar and Radhikain lead role.
 Una Mas on the front cover titled Una Mas (One More Time) is a jazz album by trumpeter Kenny Dorham and his quintet released in 1963 on Blue Note as BLP 4127 and BST 84127. The album would be the next-to-last studio session led by the legendary trumpeter since after 1964 he'd begin to fade and disappear from the jazz scenes.
 Qasemabad (Persian: قاسم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Sarjam Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Scianenuropsis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 Puhosjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Iijoki main catchment area. It is located in Pudasjärvi municipality in the region of Northern Ostrobothnia in Finland.
 Nor Crystal Tears (1982) is a first-contact novel written by Alan Dean Foster about the meeting of the insectoid Thranx and Man. This sets in motion the creation of the Humanx Commonwealth; the political body that is the union of human and thranx society which forms the foundation for many of Foster's science-fiction novels. Nor Crystal Tears is written from the perspective of the Thranx and the cultural lens through which they encounter the monstrous fleshy alien mammals known as humans.
 Vigra Church (Norwegian: Vigra kyrkje) is a parish church in Giske Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the island of Vigra. The church is part of the Vigra parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1894 by the architect Gabriel Smith. The church seats about 500 people.
 Lisa Madigan (born July 30 1966) has been the 41st Attorney General of the US state of Illinois since 2003 when she became the first female attorney general for Illinois. She is a Democrat and the daughter of Michael Madigan who has been Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives for most of the last quarter century.On December 12 2008 she attracted national attention after filing a motion with the Supreme Court of Illinois to temporarily remove Governor Rod Blagojevich from office.
 The Strathcona Public Building or South Edmonton Post Office is an historic building in the Old Strathcona heritage district of Edmonton.The building was constructed between 1911 and 1913 during a massive building boom in the Edmonton area and at the same time that the city of Strathcona Alberta (also called South Edmonton) was being merged into the city of Edmonton.
 Krondor: Tear of the Gods is the third novel in The Riftwar Legacy by acclaimed fantasy author Raymond E. Feist. It is a novelization of the computer game Return to Krondor.
 Lake Tarawera is the largest of a series of lakes which surround the volcano Mount Tarawera in the North Island of New Zealand. Like the mountain it lies within the Okataina caldera. It is located 18 kilometres to the east of Rotorua and five kilometres to the west of the mountain. The lake's surface area is 39 km².
 The Yellow-breasted Flatbill or Yellow-breasted Flycatcher (Tolmomyias flaviventris) is a passerine bird in the tyrant flycatcher family. It is found in South America ranging from Colombia and Venezuela south to Peru Bolivia and Brazil and on both Trinidad and Tobago. There are significant variations in its voice and plumage with western birds duller and more olive and eastern and northern birds brighter and more ochre-yellow.
 Morris Jackson Mo Brooks Jr. (born April 29 1954) is an American politician who has been the U.S. Representative for Alabama's 5th congressional district since 2011. He is a member of the Republican Party.
 Joseph Peak el. 10420 feet (3180 m) is a mountain peak in the southern section of the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park.
 Red Dirt Road is the eighth studio album for country duo Brooks & Dunn released in 2003 on Arista Nashville. Certified platinum for sales of one million copies in the U.S. the album produced three top ten singles: Red Dirt Road (#1 on the Hot Country Songs chart) You Can't Take the Honky-Tonk out of the Girl (#3) and That's What She Gets for Lovin' Me (#6).
 The Velvet Hour is a 2003 album by Bird York. It features the song In the Deep from the film Crash. Producers on this record include Michael Becker Bird York Thom Russo and Larry Klein. It also includes songs heard on CSI: NY House Seven Pounds Everwood the John Cusack-produced feature Never Get Outta The Boat and Jake 2.0 among others. This record was licensed by EMI from York's label Blissed Out Records in 2006 and rereleased with minor changes as Wicked Little High.
 Slieve True or Slievetrue (from Irish Sliabh an Triúir meaning hill of the three) is a 312m high hill in County Antrim Northern Ireland. It is near Knockagh Hill and Monkstown about 6 km north of Belfast.Slieve True derives its name from three standing stones (known as The Three Brothers) about half a mile southwest of the summit. These have since been integrated into a field wall.
 Hulda from Holland is a 1916 silent film produced by Famous Players Film Company and released by Paramount Pictures. It stars Mary Pickford then the biggest movie star in America. The story is an original for the screen called Miss Jinny.
 Danówek [daˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo within Grajewo County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Buried Mountain is a mountain in the Orocopia Mountains visible from Interstate 10. The mountain gains its name due to its appearance of being buried into the ground as it is 500 feet shorter than the rest of the Orocopia Mountains lying in the background.
 The Aurora Art Museum (Chinese: 震旦藝術博物館; pinyin: Zhèndàn Yìshù Bówùguǎn) is a museum in Songshan District Taipei Taiwan. The museum is located in the Aurora 21st Century Building.
 LP is a 2006 album by American singer-songwriter Landon Pigg.
 Kurki [ˈkurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Olsztynek and 26 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Lielvārde Castle (Lielvārde bishop's castle) is a castle in Lielvārde - town in the historical region of Vidzeme in northern Latvia. Castle has been built at the steep bank of Daugava River overseeing this important medieval waterway. Built before 1248 by Riga Archbishop destroyed by Russian troops in 1579. Conserved ruins up to the level of second floor.
 Love Songs is a 2009 compilation album by the American R&B and soul singer-songwriter and record producer Luther Vandross.
 St Thomas Aquinas Church Ham is a Roman Catholic church on Ham Street in Ham in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.
 Mount Saint Benedict or the Abbey of Our Lady of Exile is a Benedictine abbey located in north Trinidad. It was founded in October 1912 by an order of monks from Brazil after the Order of St Benedict of Italy [1] The Abbey complex consists of several buildings among them a church a monastery a seminary a yoghurt factory a drug rehab centre and Pax Guest House. The whole complex is situated high in the Northern Range north of St. Augustine/Tunapuna.
 Grabnica [ɡrabˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzany within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Dobrzany 31 km (19 mi) east of Stargard Szczeciński and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Killer Bean Forever is a 2009 computer-animated action film written produced and directed by Jeff Lew. It tells the story of an assassin named Jack Bean whose alias is Killer Bean. (In the film all the characters are beans.) The film was preceded by two web shorts: Killer Bean: The Interrogation and Killer Bean 2: The Party.
 Swartz Creek is a 33.9-mile-long (54.6 km) creek located in the Mid Michigan area in the United States. It is a tributary of the Flint River and has two branches the East and West Branch. Its name comes from the German word Schwarz meaning black as the creek water is muddy.
 The American Alpine Journal is an annual magazine published by the American Alpine Club. Its mission is to document and communicate mountain exploration.Subtitled as a compilation of The World's Most Significant Climbs the magazine contains feature stories about notable new routes and ascents written by the climbers as well as a large Climbs and Expeditions section containing short notes by climbers about new and noteworthy achievements.
 Adam Bede the first novel written by George Eliot (the pen name of Mary Ann Evans) was published in 1859. It was published pseudonymously even though Evans was a well-published and highly respected scholar of her time. The novel has remained in print ever since and is used in university studies of 19th-century English literature.
 Johnston's Tavern also known as the New Lodge Inn is a historic inn and tavern located at Springfield Township Mercer County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1831 and is a two-story five bay wide fieldstone building with Greek Revival style design details. It was one of the main stagecoach stops on the Pittsburgh-Erie Turnpike. The tavern was a stop on the Underground Railroad.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Can't Have Nothin' Nice is the third and final album recorded by Austin Minnesota band the Gear Daddies. It is a collection of new and live versions of previously released songs as well as new songs that had never been released on an album (though many had been played in concert). It was released in 1992 on Crackpot Records.
 Pheia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Best of Bee Gees is a 1969 compilation album by the English rock band Bee Gees. It was their first international greatest hits album. It featured their singles from 1966-1969 with the exception of the band's another single Jumbo. Every Christian Lion Hearted Man Will Show You was the only track in this album which was not released as a single.
 The World Gone Mad (also released as The Public Be Hanged ) is a 1933 American crime film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Pat O'Brien Evelyn Brent and Neil Hamilton. It was made on a low-budget by the independent Majestic Pictures a Poverty Row forerunner of Republic Pictures.
 Bolton Priory is a historic home built in 1838 for the Reverend Robert Bolton and his family in the Town of Pelham in Westchester County New York. The home stands upon a wooded tract of land overlooking Pelham Bay; the once large estate surrounding it has now diminished to 3.7 acres. Influenced by the Romantic Movement in England Bolton chose to design the house in the Romantic idiom.
 Palanasaspis chekhivensis is an extinct species of jawless fish which existed during the early Devonian period.
 Kongarahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kollegal taluk of Chamarajanagar district in Karnataka.
 Lulu City was a transient mining town in eastern Grand County Colorado in the Kawuneeche Valley in what is now Rocky Mountain National Park. The town appeared after silver was discovered in the area in 1879 by prospector Joe Shipler and was built primarily by the Middle Park and Grand River Land Improvement Company in 1880. The company was backed by Benjamin F. Burnett of Fort Collins and Fort Collins rancher William Baker. The town was named after Burnett's daughter.
 The Best American Short Stories 2010 a volume in The Best American Short Stories series was edited by Heidi Pitlor and by guest editor Richard Russo.
 Interlude is an EP by the German power metal band Iron Savior composed of five live tracks four new songs and one cover. The live tracks were recorded at the 1998 Wacken Open Air festival during the tour promoting their first album Iron Savior. The new songs return to the ongoing science fiction story that began on the debut album and continued on the band's second album Unification. Desert Plains is a cover of Judas Priest's song from the album Point of Entry.
 Rear Admiral Frank Caldwell Jr. USN is the Commander Submarine Force U.S. Pacific Fleet. He leads a force that includes attack ballistic-missile and guided-missile submarines submarine tenders a floating submarine dock a submarine rescue unit and undersea surveillance. Caldwell was previously assigned as commander Submarine Group 9 in Bangor Washington.
 Woburn Manor is a historic home and farm located near Sharpsburg Washington County Maryland United States. The manor house is a Federal style 2 1⁄2-story stuccoed stone dwelling with a gable roof structure built around 1820. The stucco is incised to resemble cut block. The property includes a landscaped yard with terracing to the south stone outbuildings including an out kitchen and smokehouse and slave quarters.Woburn Manor was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Radio Inside is a 1994 American drama film written and directed by Jeffrey Jackson Bell.
 Qeshlaq-e Esmail Khan Mohammad Izadi (Persian: قشلاق اسماعيل خان محمدايزدي‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Esmāʿīl Khān Moḩammad Īzadī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 15 families.
 Stare Kłudno [ˈstarɛ ˈkwudnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Dream Letter: Live in London 1968 is a live album by Tim Buckley. The album was recorded in Queen Elizabeth Hall London England on October 7 1968 (mistakenly credited as being recorded on July 10 due to a confusion between American and British formatting of dates). Due to a lack of available funds Buckley was unable to tour with regular bass player John Miller and conga player Carter C.C. Collins.
 Hirendranath Mukhopadhyay (November 23 1907 – July 30 2004) also known as Hiren Mukerjee was an Indian politician lawyer and academic. He was a member of the Communist Party of India having joined in 1936 when it was still illegal.
 The Great History (Arabic: التاريخ الكبير; al-Tārīkh al-Kabīr‎) is a book by ninth-century Islamic scholar Muhammad ibn Ismail al-Bukhari in the field of biographical evaluation.
 Night Bugs is the second album by Canadian artist Sarah Slean.
 Augstberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 My Favorite Season (French: Ma saison préférée) is a 1993 French drama film directed by André Téchiné and starring Catherine Deneuve Daniel Auteuil and Marthe Villalonga. The story concerns two middle age siblings a brother and sister who resume their fragile relationship when they are forced to care for their ailing mother. It won the award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 1996 Boston Society of Film Critics Awards.
 12 Songs is the twenty-sixth studio album by Neil Diamond released in 2005. It was his first album of all-original all-new material since 2001's Three Chord Opera. It was produced by Rick Rubin and is often erroneously cited as the first Diamond album since the Bang Records era to feature the artist playing guitar.The working title for the album was self-titled. The original pressing of the album was copy-protected using Sony's controversial XCP technology.
 Antofagasta de la Sierra is a volcanic field in Argentina. The main type of volcanic edifice in the area are scoria cones. The area contains the youngest vents in the whole of the Puna region of Argentina. It is considered by many authors that the cones in the field are only a few thousand years old thus putting them firmly into the Holocene period. The field lies between the Salar de Antofalla volcanic field and the Cerro Galan caldera.
 Mount Hibok-Hibok (also known as Catarman Volcano) is a stratovolcano on Camiguin Island in the Philippines. It is one of the active volcanoes in the country and part of the Pacific ring of fire.
 The Engine Company 16 Fire Station is located in Hartford Connecticut. The firehouse was built in 1927 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 2 1989.
 De Fuik is a restaurant located in Aalst in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 2008-2011.GaultMillau did not award the restaurant any points but retained it in its Guide. The restaurant has lost its rating due to the new owner/head chef coming in.Owner and head chef of De Fuik is Marco Poldervaart.
 Govindaputhur is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Zatadawbon Yazawin (Burmese: ဇာတာတော်ပုံ ရာဇဝင် pronounced: [zàdàdɔ̀bòʊɴ jàzəwɪ̀ɴ]; also spelled Zatatawpon; lit. the Chronicle of Royal Horoscopes) is the earliest extant chronicle of Burma. The chronicle mainly covers the regnal dates of kings as well as horoscopes of select kings from Pagan to Konbaung periods.
 Rundu is the capital of the Kavango Region northern Namibia on the border with Angola on the banks of the Okavango River about 1000 m above sea level. The place normally receives an annual average rainfall of 565 millimetres (22.2 in) although in the 2010/2011 rainy season 757 millimetres (29.8 in) were measured.Rundu is growing rapidly. The 2001 census counted 36964 inhabitants; for 2010 it is estimated to have grown to over 80000 people.
 Timeless is a multilingual album by Assamese musician Jim Ankan Deka. The album was recorded in 2012. The CD contains seven tracks while the digital version has only five tracks. The album is a tribute to Indian music maestros Dr. Bhupen Hazarika and Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan writer Bhabananda Deka and the National anthem of India.
 White Paper (Persian: Kaghaz-e Sefid کاغذ سفید) is 2010 Iranian animated short film directed by Seyed Mohsen Pourmohseni Shakib. It is director's debut short animation.
 Abadiye is a village in the District of Bilecik Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 233 people.
 St James Buildings is a high-rise Grade II listed building in Manchester England. The building was completed in 1912 and overlooks Oxford Road reaching a maximum height of 60m. The building is Edwardian Baroque in style and has a Portland stone exterior.
 Green Lantern: Evil's Might is a three-issue American comic book mini-series published in 2002 by DC Comics in that company's Elseworlds imprint. It is written by Howard Chaykin and David Tischman and illustrated by the late Marshall Rogers.The story takes place in 1888 in New York City and uses the infamous Boss Tweed as one of the main villains and Tammany Hall political machine as a plot device.
 Heebie Jeebies is a 2005 film written by Doug Evans along with J.J. Shebesta and directed by Evans and Michael Hawkins-Burgos.
 Ratas Ratones Rateros is a 1999 Ecuadorian film directed by Sebastián Cordero and starring Simón Brauer and Marco Bustos. It wasn't widely released until 2001 or 2002. It was nominated for Best Film of the Year in 2001 by the Spanish Goya Awards.The plot follows the life of Salvador (Bustos) a young petty thief from Quito after he is visited by his cousin Ángel (Valencia) an ex-convict with a bounty on his head.
 Jay Wolfe is a former business owner State Senator and U.S. Senate candidate.
 Croston Hall was a country mansion house built in a gothic style architecture situated in the village of Croston Lancashire.
 Lucero volcanic field is a monogenetic volcanic field located New Mexico USA.
 Ashikaga Yoshiakira (足利 義詮 July 4 1330 – December 28 1367) was the 2nd shogun of the Ashikaga shogunate who reigned from 1358 to 1367 during the Muromachi period of Japan. Yoshiakira was the son of the founder and first shogun of the Muromachi shogunate Ashikaga Takauji. His mother was and Akahashi Tōshi also known as and Hōjō Tōshi.He spent his childhood in Kamakura as a hostage of the Hōjō clan. His father Takauji joined forces with the banished Emperor Go-Daigo.
 The Profession of Arms (Italian: Il mestiere delle armi) is a 2001 Italian film directed by Ermanno Olmi.
 Schizopodidae is a family of beetles in the large suborder Polyphaga containing the following three genera:The family of Schizopodidae is a part of the superfamily Buprestoidea which is a member of the suborder of polyphaga beetles defined by the coxa not being fused to the thorax. Bupretoidea contains bullet-shaped beetles known for their distinctive metallic colors. Little is known about the Schizopodidae family (also known as the ‘false jewel beetle’).
 Eupithecia pulgata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Ecuador.
 The Basic Eight is the debut novel by author Daniel Handler published in 1998. The book is full of sarcastic plot devices that poke fun at high school English classes standardized testing satanic panic and talk-show analysts. For example Handler labels foreshadowing explicitly as such. In addition to creating a farce on high school English he includes vocabulary words and study questions at the end of some of Culp's diary entries.
 Elm Place formerly First National Bank Tower is a 52-story 191 m (627 ft) skyscraper in the Main Street district of downtown Dallas Texas adjacent to the Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART) Akard Station. It is the tenth tallest building in the city. In January 2010 the building was closed due to low occupancy rates.
 Tudu (Persian: تودو‎ also Romanized as Tūdū) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 30 families.
 Meggers is an impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon. Nearby craters of note include Olcott to the southwest and Innes and Seyfert farther away to the northwest. To the east lies Vernadskiy.The rim of Meggers is roughly circular in form with slight outward bulges to the southeast and northeast. The crater merges with a comparably sized formation to the northwest and the intervening rim is somewhat irregular in form.
 Black and White Farm Barn is a historic barn located near Sonyea in Livingston County New York. It is a large two story wood frame building built in 1884 on a 600-acre (2.4 km2) farm. The barn is rectangular in plan and measures 160 feet (49 m) in length and 200 feet (61 m) in depth. It features a central courtyard which measures approximately 80 feet (24 m) in length and 120 feet (37 m) in depth.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Xanthoxena is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Seven is the seventh album of singer/actor/host Janno Gibbs. It was produced and released by GMA Records in September 2004.
 Oakdale Public School at the corner of Hastings Avenue and Noblestown Road in Oakdale Pennsylvania was built in 1894 in the Romanesque Revival style. It served grades 1-8 and was the only grade school in Oakdale until 1972 when it was closed. The building then stood empty until at least 1997.The school was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 28 1997.
 The Pustia River is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
 The Patriotic Traitors: A History of Collaboration in German-Occupied Europe 1940-45 is a 1972 book by David Littlejohn. It is a history of the European nationalists who took part in collaborationism with the Third Reich. Individual chapters are devoted to Norway Denmark the Netherlands Belgium France and the Soviet Union.
 The Historian is a history journal published quarterly by Blackwell Publishing on behalf of the history honor society Phi Alpha Theta. The journal was established in 1938. The Historian publishes original articles and book reviews in all areas of historical scholarship.
 John Rutherfurd (September 20 1760 – February 23 1840) was an American politician and land surveyor. He represented New Jersey in the United States Senate from 1791 to 1798.
 Bawyrym (Kazakh/Russian: Бауырым) is a 2008 Kazakh film released in 2008.
 Horabagrus nigricollaris is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to India. It is also known as the Black Collared Catfish.
 Kornelin [kɔrˈnɛlin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Szubin 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Nakło nad Notecią and 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 124.
 Le Solitaire is a French crime film directed and partly written by Jacques Deray.
 Nausea (French: La Nausée) is an epistolary novel by the existentialist philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre which was published in 1938 and written while he was teaching at the lycée of Le Havre.
 The Word Among Us is a monthly Christian devotional magazine aimed primarily at a Catholic audience although it is not an official Catholic publication. As of 2010 there are 350000 monthly subscribers in North America 500000 worldwide. The Word Among Us is produced in 13 languages and distributed to 120 countries.The Word Among Us is designed to help people to pray and read Scripture. The format of the magazine is simple.
 Prilep Dobrich Province is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka in Dobrich Province in northeastern Bulgaria.
 José María Figueres Olsen (born in San José Costa Rica December 24 1954) is a Costa Rican businessman and politician. After he left the presidency of Costa Rica in 1998 Figueres has also been involved in global issues such as climate change sustainable development and technology. He started his career as an engineer working in agribusiness. After a decade he entered public service as Minister of Foreign Trade and then Minister of Agriculture.
 Amara castalia is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family.
 Bif Naked is the first album by singer/songwriter Bif Naked released in 1995.
 Total Euphoria is the first and only studio album by the Australian Dance trio Euphoria. The album was released in April 1992 by EMI Australia and peaked at number 14 on the Australian Album Charts. The album yielded four singles two of which reached number one on the Australian Singles Chart: Love You Right in February 1992 and One In a Million in April 1992. The album was co-produced and co-written by Andrew Klippel and Ean Sugarman.
 Proteuxoa scotti is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Tasmania.
 The Río Toro is a river of Puerto Rico.
 In a Man's Womb is the debut album released by French-Israeli singer-songwriter Yael Naïm which was released under only the name Yael.
 Tobelbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Young Black en Gifted commonly referred to as Y.B.G. is Sunny Boy's debut album released in December 2005 after he was signed to Mshasho Records in 2004. Young Black en Gifted boosted Sunny's commercial popularity thus making him a common household name among mainstream music fans. The album also established Sunny as one of the most profound lyrics in Namibia. Most of the tracks features a fusion of hip hop and kwaito.
 Wiślica [viˈɕlit͡sa] is a village in Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wiślica. It lies on the Nida River approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce. In 2006 the village had a population of 680.
 DIY is a United Kingdom-based music magazine dedicated to alternative music. It is named after a song by the Scottish alternative rock group Bis.DIY initially launched as an online-only publication in 2002 staffed largely by a freelance writing team from across the globe.
 Aziz Ahmed (Urdu: عزیز احمد; born 1906 – died 1982) HPk was a career Pakistani statesman and diplomat during the Cold war served as 12th Foreign Minister serving under executed Prime minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto.
 Kraig Paulsen (born September 9 1964) is the Speaker of the Iowa House of Representatives and State Representative from the 35th District.
 Tyrants Destroyed and Other Stories is a collection of thirteen short stories by Vladimir Nabokov. All but the last one were written in Russian by Nabokov between 1924 and 1939 as an expatriate in Berlin Paris and Menton and later translated into English by him and his son Dmitri Nabokov. These stories appeared first individually in the Russian émigré press. The last story was written in English in Ithaca New York in 1951. The collection was published in 1974.
 Pennsylvania Canal and Limestone Run Aqueduct is a historic aqueduct and related sites located at Milton Northumberland County Pennsylvania. The Milton Section was built in 1829-1830 as part of the West Branch Division of the Pennsylvania Canal. It encompasses 20 contributing structures and 2 contributing sites and consists of the Limestone Run Aqueduct canal bed and towpath. Included are the remains of Lock #17.
 St Dionis Backchurch was a parish church in the Langbourn ward of the City of London. Of medieval origin it was rebuilt after the Great Fire of London to the designs of Christopher Wren and demolished in 1878.
 Calçoene River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 The International Journal of Image and Graphics was established in 2001 and covers image and graphics technologies and systems. It is published by World Scientific and provides a central forum for scientists researchers engineers and vendors from different disciplines to exchange ideas identify problems investigate relevant issues share common interests explore new directions and initiate possible collaborative research and system development.
 Alice in the Cities (German: Alice in den Städten) is a 1974 German road movie directed by Wim Wenders. This was the first part of Wenders' Road Movie Trilogy which included The Wrong Move (1975) and Kings of the Road (1976). The film is shot in black and white by Robby Müller with several long scenes without dialogue. The film's theme closely foreshadows Wenders' later film Paris Texas.
 Dashamukha (Kannada: ದಶಮುಖ) is a 2012 Indian Kannada film directed by Ravi srivatsa. It has an ensemble cast including V. Ravichandran Ananth Nag Devaraj Avinash Ravi Kale Chetan Kumar Akanksha and yesteryear actress Saritha. The film is inspired by the Hollywood film 12 Angry Men. The film's score is composed by Sadhu Kokila while the songs are composed by Sridhar V. Sambhram. The film's theatrical release was on 13 April 2012.
 Concern (foaled 1991 in Maryland) is a multi-millionaire American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was sired by top stallion Broad Brush who in turn was a son of Ack Ack. His dam was Fara's Team. Concern was best known for his wins in the 1994 Breeders' Cup Classic and the grade two Arkansas Derby. Born at owner Robert Meyerhoff's Fitzhugh Farm in Phoenix Maryland. To date Concern is one of only three Maryland-bred horses ever to surpass the three million dollar mark in earnings.
 One Commerce Plaza also known as the Twin Towers is a private office building located on Washington Avenue in downtown Albany New York. At 20 floors and 270 feet (82 meters) it is the twelfth tallest structure in Albany. One Commerce Plaza was completed in 1971 and originally had a black glass and white marble exterior. Although it is a private office tower much of the building is occupied by New York State government offices. Its lobby features several eateries.
 The Colții lui Andrei Mari River is a headwater of the Colții lui Andrei River in Romania.
 Bandits in Milan (Italian: Banditi a Milano; also known as The Violent Four) is a 1968 Italian crime film directed by Carlo Lizzani. It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France. In June of the same year it was entered into the 18th Berlin International Film Festival. It is the debut film of Agostina Belli.
 A Lively Mind is the second artist album from the British dance music DJ and producer Paul Oakenfold. The album is the follow-up to Oakenfold's 2002 debut Bunkka. The single Faster Kill Pussycat features Brittany Murphy and is one of many collaborations to appear on the album with other collaborators including Pharrell Williams Grandmaster Flash and Ryan Tedder of OneRepublic.
 Moontower is a solo album by Swedish musician Dan Swanö. Dan Swanö described the album as sounding like “If Rush played death metal in the 1970s”. The album cover is a close up of Swanö's own eye.
 Larry Lee Pressler (born March 29 1942) is a U.S. politician from South Dakota. He served two terms in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1975 to 1979 then three terms in the U.S. Senate from 1979 to 1997 losing a re-election campaign to Tim Johnson in 1996. He was the first Vietnam veteran to be elected to the Senate.Since leaving the Senate Pressler has served as a lawyer business advisor and lecturer and has remained active in politics and government.
 William Bradford Reed (June 301806–February 18 1876) was an American attorney diplomat academic and journalist. He is best-known for his biography of his grandfather General Joseph Reed.
 Sublime Mix is an album by Jean Michel Jarre released in 2006 as a special limited edition promo for Jaguar France. The album features a continuous mix of six tracks taken from Geometry of Love and Live Printemps de Bourges 2002. This album was given away freely to Jaguar's prospective customers during 2006 to promote the launch of the Jaguar XK 2007 model.
 Animalize is the twelfth studio album by American hard rock band Kiss. It was released in 1984 on Mercury Records.
 Fort Jesup also known as Fort Jesup State Historic Site or Fort Jessup or Fort Jesup State Monument was built in 1822 22 miles west of Natchitoches Louisiana to protect the United States border with Spain and to return order to the Neutral Strip. Originally named Cantonment Jesup the fort operated from 1822 until 1846. After the abandonment of the fort in 1846 the United States federal government continued to own the abandoned fort site until the privatization of the site in 1869.
 Runk Bridge also known as Huntingdon County Bridge No. 9 is a historic Pratt truss bridge spanning Aughwick Creek and located at Shirley Township Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built by the Pennsylvania Bridge Co. in 1898. It measures 134-foot-long (41 m) and has two spans.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Stockholm a French solo album by Jean-Louis Aubert. It includes the singles Océan and Le Jour Se Lève Encore.
 Mohamed Habib Gherab (8 May 1926 – 17 March 2011) (Arabic: محمد الحبيب غراب‎) was a United Nations Under Secretary-General Tunisian diplomat and senior government official.
 Rudnia is a village in Kaniavos eldership (lt) Varėna district municipality Alytus County southeastern Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village had a population of 108 people. As of the 2011 census the population was 74.
 Gråhøe i Rondane is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 How Great Is Our God is the 2005 album recorded live at Passion 05 a conference held yearly in January in Nashville TN.The album was released on May 1 2005. There is also a Worship Music Book Available. This CD has artists including Chris Tomlin Matt Redman Charlie Hall Shane & Shane Watermark and David Crowder Band.
 The Bătrâna River is a tributary of the Bâlta River in Romania.
 R. Sankar (1909–1972) was the third Chief Minister of Kerala from 1962 to 1964. He was also the Deputy Chief Minister of the State from 1960 to 1962. Sankar apart as a politician is known as a statesman administrator orator educationist writer and editor.
 Krishnarjuna (Telugu: కృష్ణార్జున) is a 2008 Telugu language film starring Vishnu Vardhan Babu Dev Gill and Mamta Mohandas in the lead roles. The film directed by P. Vasu features prominent actor Nagarjuna in a guest role. The film was released on 1 February 2008.
 Babki [ˈbapki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Mosina and 10 km (6 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 350.
 The Royal Northern Hospital was a general hospital on Holloway Road London N7 near Tollington Way. It had inpatient outpatient accident and emergency facilities and was also a centre for postgraduate education. Originally located at King's Cross it began as an independent and voluntary hospital. The hospital moved to Holloway Road in 1888 and received a Royal Charter in 1921. The casualty department was built using public subscription.
 Frozen Justice is a 1929 American partially sound drama film with a synchronized soundtrack featuring music and sound effects directed by Allan Dwan. The picture starred Lenore Ulric in her first sound film and is based the 1920 novel Norden For Lov og Ret by Ejnar Mikkelsen. A shorter silent version of the film was also released. The film was set in Nome Alaska during the Klondike Gold Rush in 1898 and 1899.Both versions are now presumed lost.
 Age of Love is the fourth studio album by German techno band Scooter released in 1997. Age of Love was released containing two singles The Age Of Love and Fire. It is the last studio album featuring Ferris Buller who left the band in 1998 to pursue a solo career.Fire appears on the Mortal Kombat: Annihilation Soundtrack.Fire received Gold in Germany for selling 250000 copies.
 The Florina Museum of Modern Art is an art museum in Florina in Greece. It was founded by the Florina Art Centre in 1977. It is housed in a neoclassical building by the Skouleva river. The museum's collection is composed of 480 works by 254 artists which includes paintings sculptures and engravings. More recently its collection was enriched by a work of El Greco donated by the national Gallery as well as by 44 engravings from Florence. These are in display since August 1999.
 The Dagua River (Río Dagua) is a river in Valle del Cauca. Colombia. It generally flows north by northwest from the Farallones de Cali into the Pacific Ocean next to Buenaventura. In recent years illegal mining has caused ecological damages to the river. The middle portion of the river runs through the Dagua Canyon Dry Enclave (Enclave Seco del Río Dagua) natural area which is listed as an Important Bird Area.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 31 families.
 Kammel Kalamak (Arabic: كمل كلامك English: Keep Talking) is a 2005 album by Amr Diab. It is the long anticipated follow up to Leily Nahary. This was rumoured to be released in the summer of 2005 but was pushed back to Eid. The album got another delay and was finally released in December 2005 with very poor marketing by Rotana. The album was a huge hit and sold 1.2 million copies worldwide. Kammel Kalamak was one of Rotana's highest selling album of 2005.
 István Bóka (born January 12 1964) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Balatonfüred (Veszprém County Constituency II) since 1998. He served as Chairman of the Committee on Local Government and Regional Development from 2002 to 2003. He is the current Mayor of Balatonfüred since 2002.
 Charles James Fox PC (24 January 1749 – 13 September 1806) styled The Honourable from 1762 was a prominent British Whig statesman whose parliamentary career spanned thirty-eight years of the late 18th and early 19th centuries and who was particularly noted for being the arch-rival of William Pitt the Younger.
 Longichela orobica is an extinct species of prawn which lived in the Norian and is the only species in the genus Longichela.
 Hon. Rabindra Pratap Shah (born 27 June 1957) was as of 2012 Inspector General of Nepal Police of the Nepal Police. On 2 June 2011 he assumed the duties of the chief of Nepal Police after succeeding Ramesh Chand Thakuri. Shah was born in Maidi in the Dhading District and graduated from Tribhuvan University with a Bachelors degree in Business Administration.Shah joined the Nepalese police service on 1 September 1982 as an Inspector of Police.
 Okatoma Creek is a tributary of the Bouie River in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is part of the watershed of the Pascagoula River.Okatoma Creek is popular for canoeing and kayaking particularly near Seminary Mississippi where there are several rental businesses. While a far cry from being a challenge to the highly experienced canoe enthusiast it does offer several Class I falls and shoots.
 Scream 3 is a 2000 American slasher film and the third installment in the Scream franchise. Directed by Wes Craven and written by Ehren Kruger the film stars Neve Campbell Courteney Cox and David Arquette and was released on February 4 2000.
 Syndetodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Abdullah Al-Ahmar Arabic: عبدالله الأحمر‎ (born 1936) is a Syrian politician and prominent member of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party. He is the Assistant Secretary-General of the Ba'ath Party's National Command.Born at Al-Tall Ahmar joined the Ba'ath Party in the 1950s and graduated from the Faculty of Law at the University of Damascus in 1964. Soon after he was appointed as a governor of Hama (1967-1969) then Idlib (1969-1970).
 L'Alpe d'Huez is a ski resort at 1250 to 3330 metres (4100 to 10930 ft). It is a mountain pasture in the Central French Alps in the commune of Huez in the Isère département in the Rhône-Alpes region. It is used regularly in the Tour de France cycle race including twice on the same day in 2013.
 The Complete Copenhagen Concert is a 1961 album by jazz musician John Coltrane. It was recorded November 20 1961 in Copenhagen Denmark.
 The Blue Duck River is a river of New Zealand. A tributary of the Dart River it rises to the south of the Blue Duck Glacier flowing into that river east of Cattle Flat.
 Ultimate Comics: X is a limited series from Marvel Comics written by Jeph Loeb with pencils by Art Adams originally planned as an ongoing bi-monthly series.The story picks up after the events in Ultimatum and serves as a quasi-sequel/spin-off of Ultimate X-Men. Originally scheduled to be published bi-monthly alternating months with Loeb's other Ultimate title Ultimate Comics: New Ultimates X suffered from long repeated delays and became instead a prologue to Ultimate Comics: X-Men.
 James Settelmeyer is a Republican politician of the Nevada Senate in the United States of America. He represents Churchill Douglas Lyon County and Storey County in Senate District 17. Settelmeyer was born in Carson City and now lives and works on his family ranch in Carson Valley. Senator Settelmeyer is a third generation Nevada Rancher born in the United States. His great-grandfather migrated to Gardnerville NV in 1880 from West Falla West Germany.
 Michael Calvert Warren (born 1964) is the former mayor of Adamstown the capital city and sole settlement of Pacific British Overseas Territory Pitcairn Islands.In December 2010 Warren was charged with possessing indecent photos of children and possessing pornographic images videos and documents involving children. Warren fought to have his case tried in Pitcairn; Crown prosecutors sought to try him in New Zealand. His application was rejected in a hearing held in May 2012.
 Mirle is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Krishnarajanagara taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Ogtay Shiraliyev Kazim oglu (Azerbaijani: Oqtay Şirəliyev Kazım oğlu; born in 1950) is a professor PhD and Azerbaijani politician serving as the Minister of Healthcare of Azerbaijan Republic.
 Mordellistena kraatzi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1876 by Emery.
 Patrick John Hillery (Irish: Pádraig J. Ó hIrghile; 2 May 1923 – 12 April 2008) was an Irish politician and the sixth President of Ireland from 1976 until 1990. First elected at the 1951 general election as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for Clare he remained in Dáil Éireann until 1973. During this time he served as Minister for Education (1959–1965) Minister for Industry and Commerce (1965–1966) Minister for Labour (1966–1969) and Minister for Foreign Affairs (1969–1973).
 Navy Captain Eben Ibim Princewill was Military Governor of Cross River State Nigeria between 1986 and December 1989 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.His regime was noted for its corruption. For example four palm oil estates owned by the state were sold for much less than they were worth and many construction contracts were paid without any work being done often to non-existent companies.
 505 North Ervay also known as the Reserve Loan Life Building is a mid-rise skyscraper located in the City Center District of downtown Dallas Texas (USA). Originally an office building today it is part of the First Baptist Church of Dallas campus.
 Almost Alone is an album by Chet Atkins. He was 71 at the time of the album's release. It is almost all solo guitar instrumentals. Jam Man won the 1997 Grammy award for Best Country & Western Instrumental Performance.Chet replaced the two low strings on a Country Gentleman guitar with bass strings on I Still Write Your Name in the Snow. There are no overdubs except for Jam Man and You Do Something to Me.
 Graphium adamastor Boisduval’s White Lady is a butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Mali Burkina Faso Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Benin Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of dry forests and the transition zone between forests and the Guinea savanna.Adult females mimic of Amauris damocles.
 Enayatullah Nazari was the acting minister of defense of Afghanistan from 8 August 2012 to 15 September 2012 serving for a transitional period. He took over from Abdul Rahim Wardak who resigned after a no-confidence vote by the Afghan parliament. Nazari previously served as Wardak's deputy defense minister.
 The Abrud (Hungarian: Abrud-patak) is a small river in the Apuseni Mountains Alba County western Romania. It is a right tributary of the river Arieş. It flows through the town Abrud and joins the Arieș near Câmpeni. It is fed by several smaller streams including Izbicioara Cerniţa Valea Albă Pârâul Buciumanilor Abruzel and Roșia.
 The Nanya River is the primary right tributary of the middle Dadu River (Dadu He) — in Sichuan Province southern China. The Dadu is a tributary of the upper Yangtze River (Chang Jiang).The Nanya River borders Mianning County and Shimian County and is interrupted by the Yele Dam.
 Wilczyna [vilˈt͡ʂɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Duszniki 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Szamotuły and 35 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Alpine Journal is the yearly publication of the Alpine Club of London. It is the oldest mountaineering journal in the world.
 Macrometopia maculipennis is a species of Hoverflies from the family Syrphidae in the order Diptera. It was first found in Colombia and was named after its patterned wings.
 The Căiuțul Mic River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The Alligator Lake is a freshwater lake in Osceola County Florida.
 The Lakeshore Advance newspaper is in Grand Bend a small southwestern Ontario community on Lake Huron. This is a tourist resort that swells to thousands of visitors in the summer. This paper was originally in Zurich Ontario until the late 1990s. We cover two counties and three municipalities which encompasses a large area.
 The Midland Packing Company is a historic building in Sioux City Iowa that was built in 1919. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Tanaocheles is a genus of crabs the only genus in the family Tanaocheleidae. It contains two species T. bidentata and T. stenochilus. The two species were formerly placed in different families and they were only shown to be related and placed in a new subfamily (now elevated to the taxonomic rank of family) in 2000.
 Sudigadu (Telugu: సుడిగాడు) is a 2012 Telugu comedy film directed by Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao and produced by Chandrasekhar D Reddy under Arundathi Movies. It is the adaptation of C. S. Amudhan's debut tamil super hit movie Thamizh Padam. The film features Allari Naresh and Monal Gajjar in the lead roles. Allari Naresh plays double roles in this movie as father and son. The film was released on 24 August 2012.It is said to be the Landmark Film of Allari Naresh.
 Lal Darja (English language: The Red Door) is a 1997 Bengali allegorical drama film about a Kolkata dentist Dr. Nabin Dutta who fears becoming a cripple. Directed and written by Buddhadev Dasgupta he film won the Golden Lotus Award for Best Film at the Indian National Film Awards.
 Cap Stubbs and Tippie was a syndicated newspaper comic strip created by the cartoonist Edwina Dumm. At times the title changed to Tippie & Cap Stubbs or Tippie. After Dumm's strip about the young Cap and his dog Tippie debuted August 21 1918 in an Ohio newspaper The Columbus Monitor she moved to New York City and Cap Stubbs and Tippie was syndicated by the George Matthew Adams Service.
 The EarthBound series known in Japan as the Mother series is a role-playing video game series created by Shigesato Itoi for Nintendo. The series started in 1989 with the Japan-only release of Mother which was followed up by Mother 2 for the Super NES in 1995. It was released outside of Japan under the name of EarthBound giving the series its non-Japanese name. A second sequel was released in Japan only Mother 3 for the Game Boy Advance in 2006.
 Deb Kennedy (born August 12 1954) is the former Democratic State Representative in the Michigan House of Representatives representing the 23rd District which covers parts of Wayne County. The 23rd District includes Brownstown Flat Rock Gibraltar Grosse Ile Huron Township Rockwood Sumpter Township and Woodhaven.
 The Twilight People is a 1972 horror movie made in the Philippines. It stars John Ashley and in an early film appearance Pam Grier.
 The Politics of Experience and The Bird of Paradise is a 1967 book by Scottish psychiatrist R.D. Laing comprising two essays. The work was inspired by Laing’s extensive experimentation with LSD.
 Odostomia ornatissima is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Marmo is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The title is Italian for marble and the album is dedicated to Italian marble – particularly Venetian. The tracks are named after Leo Lionni's La botanica parallela (The parallel botany) a book of fantasy plants. The CD comes in a folded marbled-effect paper sleeve with gold lettering.
 Euphaedra leloupi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Lomami and Lualaba).
 Szwejki Małe [ˈʂfɛi̯ki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Biała Rawska 17 km (11 mi) east of Rawa Mazowiecka and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Urfe is the third studio album by British industrial black metal band The Axis of Perdition. It was released on January 16 2009 on Code666 Records. It is a concept album about a man named Urfe who travels through the ruins of a desolate city all the while being led by a mysterious figure who goes by the name of Pylon.
 Fram (Norwegian for Forward) is a 2008 play by Tony Harrison. It uses the story of the Norwegian explorer Fridtjof Nansen's attempt to reach the North Pole and his subsequent campaign to relieve famine in the Soviet Union to explore the role of art in a world beset by seemingly greater issues.
 The steppe field mouse (Apodemus witherbyi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found in Georgia Armenia Azerbaijan Israel Turkey Jordan Iran Turkmenistan Pakistan and probably Afghanistan Iraq Lebanon and Syria. The Mount Hermon field mouse (sometimes recognized as a distinct species: A. hermonensis) and the yellow-breasted field mouse (sometimes recognized as a distinct species: A.
 Priscilla Taylor is a West Palm Beach Florida businesswoman and Democratic politician who serves as Palm Beach county commissioner for District 7. Representative Taylor was born on December 31 1949. She earned her Bachelor of Science degree at Barry University in 1997 and her M.B.A. at Palm Beach Atlantic University in 1999. She owns an insurance agency and was a Port of Palm Beach commissioner from 1999 to 2004.
 Junu (Persian: جونو‎ also Romanized as Jūnū) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 114 in 23 families.
 Trogglodynamite is the second album by the English rock band The Troggs released in 1967. The album was re-released in 2003 with eight bonus tracks by Repertoire Records.
 Hala Mohammad al-Nasser (born 1964) is the current Minister of Housing and Construction for Syria serving since 2011.
 Laurel Hill Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian church in Dunbar Pennsylvania. The first Presbyterian church west of the Allegheny Mountains it was founded in 1772. The original church was a simple log structure and was built by Scotch-Irish immigrants.As the congregation grew the church was rebuilt in 1782 1852 and most recently 1898.The church is within the Presbytery of Redstone a Presbytery of the Presbyterian Church U.S.A.
 Lepidochrysops arabicus the Arabian Giant Cupid is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Yemen. The habitat consists of rocky meadows at altitudes ranging from 1500 to 2800 meters.The length of the forewings is about 16 mm. The upperside of both wings is shining lavender-blue. The costa and outer margin are outlined in blackish-brown. There is a blackish-brown transverse line at the end of the cell on the forewings. The hindwings are tailed.
 Rudka [ˈrutka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchosławice within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 720.
 The Flatiron Building originally the Fuller Building is located at 175 Fifth Avenue in the borough of Manhattan New York City and is considered to be a groundbreaking skyscraper. Upon completion in 1902 it was one of the tallest buildings in the city and one of only two skyscrapers north of 14th Street – the other being the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower one block east.
 Mecyna marcidalis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France as well as the Near East including Turkey Syria Iran and the Palestinian Territories.
 Coralliophila francoisi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Rock 'N' Roll Alive is a double disc live album from former White Lion and Freak of Nature lead singer Mike Tramp released in 2003.The album was recorded Live at the Pumphouse in Copenhagen Denmark from his most recent tour in support of his latest album More to Life Than This which was also released in 2003.This is the first live compilation released by Mike Tramp/White Lion and the only album to feature tracks from White Lion Freak of Nature and Mike Tramp solo music.
 The Vocational-Agriculture Building in Lovelock Nevada located at 1150 Elmhurst Ave. is a historic Moderne-style building that was built in 1941. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was a work of the National Youth Administration and it was a work of Reno architect Russell Mills.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.The building is now used for the Pershing County School District offices.
 Ignacio Mariscal (Oaxaca Mexico July 5 1829 – Mexico City April 17 1910) was an important Mexican writer diplomat and politician. He was named Secretary of Foreign Affairs in 1871–72 for the first time during the Benito Juarez administration. During the Porfirio Diaz's government he held the office in 1880–83 and 1885–1910. In 1909 he was the President of Mexican Academy of the Language.
 Paul Berry (born June 3 1976) is a Northern Ireland unionist politician.
 Birth of a Notion is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. The story was written to celebrate the semicentennial (fiftieth anniversary) of the magazine Amazing Stories in June 1976. It appeared in the 1976 collection The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories.
 The bull ring in La Línea de la Concepción (Spanish: Plaza de Toros de la Línea de la Concepción) a town in the province of Cádiz at the southern edge of Spain close to the British territory of Gibraltar was opened in 1883.
 Koca Mustafa Reşid Pasha (literally Great Mustafa Reşid Pasha; 13 March 1800 – 7 January 1858) was an Ottoman statesman and diplomat known best as the chief architect behind the Ottoman government reforms known as Tanzimat.Born in Istanbul in 1800 he entered public service at an early age and rose rapidly becoming ambassador to France (1834) and to the United Kingdom (1836) minister for foreign affairs (1837) and once again ambassador to the United Kingdom (1838) and to France (1841).
 The Cairo apartment building located at 1615 Q Street NW in Washington D.C. is a landmark in the Dupont Circle neighborhood and the District of Columbia's tallest residential building.
 Paul Connaughton Jnr (born January 1982) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway East constituency at the 2011 general election. From Mountbellew County Galway he was previously a member of Galway County Council for the Ballinasloe electoral area from 2009 to 2011. His father Paul Connaughton Snr was a TD for Galway East from 1981 to 2011.
 Okniny-Podzdrój [ɔkˈninɨ ˈpɔd͡zdrui̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Chaetodipterus zonatus (Pacific spadefish) is a species of fish belonging to the Ephippidae family. It is native to the eastern Pacific from San Diego California to Peru including is the Galapagos islands where it is known as Chambo.
 Conan the Mercenary is a fantasy novel written by Andrew J. Offutt and illustrated by Esteban Maroto featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian the second volume in a trilogy beginning with Conan and the Sorcerer and concluding with The Sword of Skelos. It was first published in paperback by Ace Books in 1980 with an official publication date of January 1981. Ace reprinted the novel in April 1983 and issued a trade paperback edition in 1985.
 Mizutamari ni Utsuru Sekai (水たまりに映るセカイ) —The world reflected in a puddle— is Yui Horie's first solo album with mostly original content but also featuring versions of the Love Hina songs Yakusoku and Happy Happy Rice Shower.
 The Yarkon River (Hebrew: נחל הירקון‎ Nahal HaYarkon) also Yarqon River is a river in central Israel. The source of the Yarkon (Greenish in Hebrew) is at Tel Afek (Antipatris) north of Petah Tikva. It flows west through Gush Dan and Tel Aviv's Yarkon Park into the Mediterranean Sea. El-Auja Arabic counterpart means Meandering.
 Thunder in the East is Japanese heavy metal band Loudness' fifth studio album and the first released by a major American label after the contract signed with Atco Records a subsidiary of Warner Music Group. All the songs are in English. It is the first Loudness album produced by Max Norman who also produced the album Lightning Strikes in 1986 and the album Soldier of Fortune in 1989.
 Charles W. Miller (born August 2 1939 in Tompkinsville Kentucky) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 28 since January 1999.
 Johan Anthoniszoon Jan van Riebeeck (21 April 1619 – 18 January 1677) was a Dutch colonial administrator and founder of Cape Town.
 Daniel Yona (born 3 May 1941) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and a former Member of Parliament for Same East constituency.
 Velika Ježevica is a village in the municipality of Požega western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 481 people.
 Vastrapur Lake is situated in western part of Ahmedabad. It is officially named after Narsinh Mehta. The lake was beautified by the AMC after 2002 and has since become a popular spot in the city.Every weekend a large number of people visit this lake. It currently boasts an open air theater and children's park.
 Die zwei Leben des Daniel Shore (The Two Lives of Daniel Shore) is a 2009 German film by Michael Dreher; written by him and produced by Karim Debbagh Rüdiger Heinze Rainer Kölmel and Stefan Sporbert. It stars Nikolai Kinski Katharina Schüttler Morjana Alaoui and Sean Gullette. The film is Michael Dreher's feature film debut and had its premiere at the 44th Hof International Film Festival.
 Jesse Wharton (July 29 1782 – July 22 1833) was an attorney who briefly represented Tennessee in each house of Congress.
 Plumularia is a genus of hydroids in the family Plumulariidae.
 Destination Unknown is the third album from Israeli psychedelic trance producer Vibe Tribe released on 2009.
 The Honourable Hilary Mary Weston (née Frayne) CM O.Ont (born January 12 1942) was the 26th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario serving from 1997 to 2002. During her five-year tenure Weston focussed on issues related to women volunteerism and young people drawing public attention to people working with the homeless in hospices and as mentors to at-risk youth.
 Wayne's World is a 1992 American comedy film directed by Penelope Spheeris and starring Mike Myers as Wayne Campbell and Dana Carvey as Garth Algar hosts of the Aurora Illinois-based Public-access television cable TV show Wayne's World.
 Jabłonowo-Wypychy [jabwɔˈnɔvɔ vɨˈpɨxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The cherubfish or pygmy angelfish (Centropyge argi) is a gentle omnivorous marine angelfish with a metallic blue body and yellow to orange colouration in parts of the head only. It is native to the Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico and has a maximum length of 8 cm. It is easily confused with the orangeback angelfish (Centropyge acanthops) but in the latter the orange stripe extends across the back.When kept in an aquarium cherubfish are distributed throughout the tank.
 Lauer Flats are 1887 residential townhouses designed by Henry and Charles Lauer in Italianate style located in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. They are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Hollywood in Uniform is a 1943 American short documentary film directed by Ralph Staub. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 16th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 The Wild One is a 1953 American outlaw biker film directed by László Benedek and produced by Stanley Kramer. It is famed for Marlon Brando's iconic portrayal of the gang leader Johnny Strabler.
 Tolombeh-ye Mozaffar-e Abbaslu (Persian: تلمبه مظفرعباسلو‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Moz̧affar-e ‘Abbāslū) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 8 families.
 Toolibin Lake is a 493 hectares (1218 acres) nature reserve containing a seasonal fresh to brackish water perched lake or wooded swamp in south-western Australia. It lies about 200 kilometres (124 mi) south-east of Perth in the Shire of Narrogin and 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of the town of Narrogin in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
 Rags and Tatters (Arabic: فرش وغطا‎) (translit. farš wa-ġaṭa) is a 2013 Egyptian drama film written and directed by Ahmad Abdalla. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. The film was also selected in London Film Festival and Abu Dhabi Film Festival in the official competition. In November 2013 the film won the Grand Prix (The Goldne Antigone) at the Montpellier Film Festival.
 Armageddon (Russian: Армагеддон) is the tenth studio album by Aria and the first after signing to the CD-Maximum label. It shows a bit of power metal influence uncommon for the band.Track #8 Chuzhoy reached the 1st position on the Russian radio charts.It was the last album of the band to feature Artur Berkut on its line-up.
 The Vermelho River (Perdida River) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The House for an Art Lover is a building constructed in 1989-96 based on a design of 1901 by Charles Rennie Mackintosh with his wife Margaret MacDonald. The building is situated in Bellahouston Park in Glasgow Scotland. The idea to actually construct the house from the Mackintoshs' designs came from Graham Roxburgh a civil engineer in Glasgow who had done refurbishment work on the Mackintosh interiors in Craigie Hall.
 Prospect Peak el. 9527 feet (2904 m) is a mountain peak in the Washburn Range of Yellowstone National Park. The summit is located approximately 6 miles (9.7 km) west southwest of Tower Junction. Between 1883-85 members of the Arnold Hague Geological Surveys named the peak Surprise Peak for reasons not now known. In 1880 then superintendent Philetus Norris had named the peak Mount Stephans for one of his assistants C. N. Stephans.
 Rolling Acres Mall was a retail mall located in the Rolling Acres area of Akron Ohio United States. Built in 1975 and expanded several times in its history it once comprised more than 140 stores including five anchor stores a movie theater and a food court. The mall was closed off in 2008 save for the only two anchors still in operation Sears and JCPenney Outlet. However in January 2011 Sears Holdings announced the Sears store would close by April 2011.
 When Darkness Falls is also the title of a song by Killswitch Engage from their album The End of HeartacheWhen Darkness Falls is the third and final book of Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory's Obsidian Trilogy.It is preceded by The Outstretched Shadow and To Light a Candle.
 Avinash Chander is an Indian politician and belongs to the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal. He is a member of Punjab Legislative Assembly and represent Phillaur.
 Gerald J. McKelvey was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Unbeaten 28 is a 1980 Hong Kong independent released martial arts film directed by Joseph Kuo starring Jack Long Mark Long and Meng Fei.
 The Lesser Whitethroat (Sylvia curruca) is a common and widespread typical warbler which breeds in temperate Europe except the southwest and in western and central Asia. This small passerine bird is strongly migratory wintering in Africa just south of the Sahara Arabia and India.Unlike many typical warblers the sexes are almost identical. This is a small species with a grey back whitish underparts a grey head with a darker bandit mask through the eyes and a white throat.
 Ju-on: Beginning of the End (呪怨: 終わりの始まり Ju-on: Owari no Hajimari) is an upcoming 2014 Japanese horror film and the seventh installment of the Ju-on franchise. The film was written and directed by Masayuki Ochiai and produced by Takashige Ichinose.
 George Westinghouse Jr. Birthplace and Boyhood Home is a historic home located at Central Bridge in Schoharie County New York. The property includes two 19th-century residences two small barns a well house and privy as well as the site of a combined blacksmith shop and threshing machine works.
 10000 Days is the Grammy Award-winning fourth studio album by American rock band Tool. The album was released on April 28 2006 in parts of Europe April 29 2006 in Australia May 1 2006 in the United Kingdom and May 2 2006 in North America. By the end of 2007 the album had sold 2.5 million copies worldwide and has been awarded a Platinum certification by the RIAA.
 Hasan Ali (Persian: حسنعلي‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan ʿAlī) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 7 families.
 She's Got You is an EP released by American country music singer Patsy Cline on April 20 1962. It was the second EP Cline released in that year. She's Got You contained two new songs: the title track and Strange. The title track was released as a single in January 1962 and was climbing the charts during the time of this EP's release.
 Pieszowola [pjɛʂɔˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnowica within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 The name Dusky Indigobird can also refer to the Purple Indigobird (Vidua purpurascens).The Black Widowfinch Dusky Indigobird or Variable Indigobird (Vidua funerea) is a species of bird in the Viduidae family. It is found in Angola Burundi Cameroon Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Guinea-Bissau Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Sierra Leone South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitat is moist savanna.
 Purnendo Bose is an Indian politician and the present Minister for Labour in the Government of West Bengal. He is also an MLA elected from the Rajarhat Gopalpur constituency in the West Bengal state assembly election 2011.
 Dehak (Persian: دهك‎ also Romanized as Dehek and Dihik) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 799 in 205 families.
 Johnny's Charcoal Broiled Hamburgers or simply Johnny's Hamburgers is an eatery located in Scarborough Toronto at Victoria Park and Sheppard Ave. Comedian Mike Myers has endorsed the eatery several times during interviews as being a childhood favourite having grown up in Scarborough Ontario. The spot was combined with the Canadian coffee and donut chain Tim Hortons to create Stan Mikita's a fictional hangout appearing in Myers' famous Wayne's World movies.[1]
 Bad Biology is a dark horror comedy film directed and produced by Frank Henenlotter and rapper R.A. the Rugged Man. It stars Charlee Danielson and Anthony Sneed as sexually unfulfilled people who are drawn together because of their mutated genitalia. It was released on DVD in the UK in 2009 and in the US in 2010. Reviews were positive.
 Aphelinus thomsoni is a parasitoid wasp that parasitizes the sycamore aphid Drepanosiphum platanoidis.
 Nineteenth-Century Literature is a literary journal published by University of California Press. It publishes articles dealing with British and American literature of the 19th century. The journal was established in 1945 as The Trollopian changing its name to Nineteenth-Century Fiction in 1949 before being renamed Nineteenth-Century Literature in 1985.
 Diaries 1969–1979: The Python Years dedicated by Michael Palin to his mother and father has reduced “mountains to molehills” according to his own words to take the reader inside the period of the author’s life that corresponds to the Monty Python era.In the introduction we are advised that he started keeping this specific diary (there was an aborted attempt at age 11) on April 1969 at 25 years of age one month before the Python experience started in full swing.
 Tranquilizer Gun or Puška za uspavljivanje is a Croatian film. It was released in 1997.
 Dr. Baburam Bhattarai (Nepali:बाबुराम भट्टराई) is a Nepali politician who was the 36th Prime Minister of Nepal from August 2011 to March 2013. As a way out of the political deadlock since the dissolution of the first Nepalese Constituent Assembly in May 2012 he was then replaced by Chief Justice Khil Raj Regmi to head an interim government that should hold elections by 21 June 2013. He is a senior Standing Committee Member and vice chairperson of Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).
 Nkechi Justina Nwaogu (born 29 May 1956) is a Nigerian senator who represents the People's Democratic Party in Abia State. She became a senator in 2003.
 George E. Lavender (born September 7 1955) is an American state politician and a departing Republican two-term member of the Texas House of Representatives having been first elected on November 2 2010.Though he was reared in Texarkana Arkansas Lavender is a businessman in Texarkana in Bowie County Texas where he resides with his wife the former Jan Timberlake. He graduated in 1973 from Arkansas High School in Miller County Arkansas.
 The Elfenstein is a hill spur about 475 m above sea level in the northern foothills of the Harz Mountains of central Germany and the site of the eponymous granite rock formation above the town of Bad Harzburg. It is located in the unincorporated area of Harz in the county of Goslar in the state of Lower Saxony.
 Hugaboom Lake is a 31-acre (13 ha) lake that is located in northern Delta County Michigan in the Hiawatha National Forest. It is just south of the county line with Alger and Schoolcraft countries and about a mile and half east of the intersection of Federal Forest Highway 13 and County Road 440. Other nearby lakes include Mowe Lake Corner-Straits Chain of lakes Ironjaw Lake and Round Lake.
 Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch (マーメイドメロディーぴちぴちピッチ Māmeido Merodī Pichi Pichi Pitchi) is a shōjo manga and anime series created by Michiko Yokote with artwork by Pink Hanamori. The manga was originally published in the monthly shōjo manga anthology Nakayoshi.
 The Captain and the Enemy is a fiction novel written by the English author Graham Greene first published in 1988.
 Firefight at Yechon: Courage and Racism in the Korean War is an autobiography by Charles M.
 Afterburn is a 1992 dramatic film written and produced for television based on a true story where one woman takes on the United States military and General Dynamics manufacturer of the F-16 jet fighter aircraft that took her husband's life. The docudrama starred Laura Dern Robert Loggia and Vincent Spano.
 Faust is a 1960 West German theatrical film directed by Peter Gorski. It is based on Goethe's Faust and adapted from the theater production at the Deutsches Schauspielhaus in Hamburg. The film starred Peter Gorski's adoptive father Gustav Gründgens as Mephistopheles and was chosen as West Germany's official submission to the 33rd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film but did not manage to receive a nomination.
 The Book of the New Sun (1980–83) is a series of four science fantasy novels or one four-volume novel by the American author Gene Wolfe. Alternatively it is a series comprising the original tetralogy a 1983 collection of essays and a 1987 sequel.
 The High Frontier: Human Colonies in Space is a 1976 book by Gerard K. O'Neill a road map for what the United States might do in outer space after the Apollo program the drive to place a man on the Moon. It envisions large manned habitats in the Earth-Moon system especially near stable Lagrangian points. Three designs are proposed: Island one (a modified Bernal sphere) Island two (a Stanford torus) and Island 3 two O'Neill cylinders.
 Frank Lindsay Bastedo (April 12 1886 – December 9 1973) was the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Saskatchewan. He is notable for being one of the few Canadian vice-regal representatives to refuse to give royal assent to a legislative bill.Bastedo earned his law degree from the University of Toronto in 1909. He moved to Regina two years later to join a law firm there.
 Epitaphs for the Living: Words and Images in the Time of AIDS is a book of photographs (ISBN 0870742892) by [1] published in 1989 by Southern Methodist University Press in Dallas. The photographs are mostly portraits and depict persons infected with AIDS. Underneath each picture is a copy of a handwritten message by the subject either telling an abbreviated version of the story of their illness or expressing thanks to the family and friends who have stood by them.
 RoseLee Vincent is an American politician recently elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives. She is a Democrat from Revere Massachusetts who will be sworn in April 16 2014 to represent the 16th Suffolk district. She won the March 4 primary and the April 1 special election called after the resignation of Kathi-Anne Reinstein.
 West Virginia Explorer is an informational guide to the U.S. state of West Virginia that has been published online since 2000. Long classified as a travel guide it has since evolved into a compendium of resources for West Virginia information.
 Ndeumba River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 Bigelow School is an historic school at 350 West 4th Street in South Boston Massachusetts.The school was designed in 1901 by Charles J. Bateman and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Travis Holdman is a Republican member of the Indiana Senate representing the 19th District since 2010. He has championed legislation to make texting while driving illegal in Indiana.
 Shadowlands is a 1993 British biographical film about the love-relationship between Oxford academic C. S. Lewis and American poet Joy Davidman her tragic death from cancer and how this challenged Lewis' Christian faith. It is directed by Richard Attenborough with a screenplay by William Nicholson based on his 1985 television production and 1989 stage adaptation of the same name.
 Mount Parnassus (/pɑrˈnæsəs/; Greek: Παρνασσός Parnassos) is a mountain of limestone in central Greece that towers above Delphi north of the Gulf of Corinth and offers scenic views of the surrounding olive groves and countryside. According to Greek mythology this mountain was sacred to Apollo and the Corycian nymphs and the home of the Muses. The mountain was also favored by the Dorians. There is a theory that Parna- derived from the same root as the word in Luwian meaning House.
 The Putna River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania. It is formed at the junction of two headwaters: Putna Mică and Pârâul Roşu (or Putna Mare)
 Dolemite is a 1975 blaxploitation feature film and is also the name of its principal character played by Rudy Ray Moore who co-wrote the film and its soundtrack.
 Jeżewice [jɛʐɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabiszyn within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Łabiszyn 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Żnin and 17 km (11 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.
 Burroughs: The Movie is a 1983 documentary film directed by Howard Brookner about the beat generation writer William S. Burroughs.
 La Colmena (tr. The Beehive or The Hive) is a 1982 Spanish film directed by Mario Camus. Based on the novel The Hive by Camilo José Cela it depicts the aftermath of the Spanish Civil War and its impact on several characters. Cela has a small role as Matías.
 Krähenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 El Primer Instinto is an album recorded by Mexican rock band Jaguares. The album released on October 22 2002 under the label Sony Music International.
 The Mangatawhiri River is a river of the Auckland and Waikato Regions of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southwest from its sources in the Hunua Ranges southeast of Clevedon before flowing through a system of irrigation canals at the northern edge of the Waikato Plains close to the town of Pokeno. It reaches the Waikato River close to the township of Mercer. The upper reaches of the Mangatawhiri are dammed to form reservoirs to store water for use by Auckland City.
 JW Marriott Indianapolis is a hotel in downtown Indianapolis adjacent to the Indiana Convention Center. The new JW Marriott Indianapolis is part of the $450 million Marriott Place consisting of five Marriott hotels all connected to the Indiana Convention Center. The hotel is 34 floors and 376 feet (115 m) tall making it the 7th-tallest building in Indianapolis and tallest hotel in Indiana. The hotel has 1005 guest rooms. The facility also has a 950 space underground parking garage.
 Waveland a historic estate located at 120 East Erksine Rd in Danville Kentucky. The house is now owned by the Bluegrass Trust for Historic Preservation Inc. The Bluegrass Trust along with several other parties including another historic preservation group the James Harrod Trust for Historic Preservation Inc. purchased Waveland at auction on June 8 2013 to save it from potential investors/developers who were planning to demolish the house.
 The California African American Museum (CAAM) is a museum located in Exposition Park Los Angeles California USA.
 The Metallic Coleophora Moth (Coleophora mayrella) is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is native to Europe and Armenia but is an adventive species in the Nearctic ecozone where it is found throughout the United States and southern Canada. It has also been recorded from New Zealand Chile and Argentina. The habitat consists of grassy areas and waste ground.The wingspan is 10–12 millimetres (0.39–0.47 in). The adults have a bronzy or greenish metallic sheen with no markings.
 Popiel [ˈpɔpʲɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Piszczac 23 km (14 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 104 km (65 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 160.
 Sickle Moon Peak or Bharanzar Peak (6574 metres or 21568 feet) is located in the Kishtwar Himalaya and is the highest summit of the range. It lies in the eastern Himalayan range and is 12 km (7 mi) north of Brammah massis in Kishtwar 55 kilometers east of Kishtwar town and 195 kilometers east of Srinagar the state capital of Jammu and Kashmir.The Brammah massif lies south of Sickle Moon and is separated by a 12 kilometer glacier.
 The Treble Brown Spot (Idaea trigeminata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Europe.The species has a wingspan of 23–25 mm. The adults fly in one generation from late May to early July . They are attracted to light.The larvae feed on ivy knotgrass and other low growing plants.
 Dasht-e Ahu (Persian: دشت اهو‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Ahū; also known as Dasht-e Ahū-e Yek) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 172 in 37 families.
 A Home at the End of the World is a 1990 novel by Pulitzer Prize-winning American author Michael Cunningham. The book is narrated in the first person with the narrator changing in each chapter. Bobby and Jonathan are the main narrators but several chapters are narrated by Alice Jonathan's mother and Clare. An excerpt from A Home at the End of the World was published in The New Yorker chosen for Best American Short Stories 1989 and featured on NPR's Selected Shorts.
 Naina Iosifovna Yeltsina (Russian: Наина Иосифовна Ельцина née Girina Гирина; born 14 March 1932) is the widow of the first President of the Russian Federation Boris Yeltsin. Naina Yeltsina was born in the Orenburg Oblast in 1932. After graduating from the construction faculty at the Ural Polytechnic Institute in Sverdlovsk in 1955 she worked with various projects at the Sverdlovsk Institute.
 The Paris Elks Lodge No. 812 Building is a historic building located at 111 E. Washington St. in Paris Illinois. The building served as a meeting place for the Paris lodge of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks. The building was constructed in 1927 25 years after the Paris Lodge was chartered. Architect Everett Blackman a member of the lodge designed the building in the Mediterranean Revival style.
 Terence Flanagan (born 1 January 1975) is an Irish politician. He has been a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North–East constituency since May 2007. He was elected at the 2007 general election. He was previously a member of Dublin City Council for the Artane area. He sits as an independent TD having lost the Fine Gael parliamentary party whip in July 2013.In February 2008 Flanagan made a speech which was notably similar to a previous one by Labour Party TD Joan Burton.
 Hot Young Bloods (Hangul: 피끓는 청춘; RR: Pikkeulneun Cheongchun; lit. Blood Boiling Youth) is a 2014 South Korean teen romantic comedy film that depicts the loves rivalries and friendships between four high school students in Hongseong County South Chungcheong Province in the 1980s.
 The Ryōhaku Mountains (両白山地 Ryōhaku Sanchi) are a mountain range spanning Gifu Toyama Ishikawa Fukui and Shiga prefectures in Japan. It is divided into the Kaetsu Mountains (加越山地 Kaetsu Sanchi) whose major peak is Mount Haku and the Etsumi Mountains (越美山地 Etsumi Sanchi) whose major peak is Mount Nōgōhaku. The range derives its name from the two major peaks which both have haku in their names. Most of the Ryōhaku Mountains are within Hakusan National Park.
 Sampson Jackson II is a Democratic member of the Mississippi Senate representing the 32nd District since 1992.
 The Insomniac is a 2009 Singaporean film noir written and directed by Madhav Mathur. It is the debut feature length film under the Bad Alliteration Films independent production banner. The Insomniac premiered at the Sinema Old School Singapore-based independent distribution house opening in the 100-seater venue on August 13 2009 in Singapore.The film's narrative centers on Ali a workaholic writer who is struggling to complete his latest work of fiction.
 Shaobo Lake（Chinese: 邵伯湖; pinyin: Shàobó Hú）is a freshwater lake in Jiangsu Province China it is located between Gaoyou and Yangzhou. Shaobo Lake is a part of the Huai River system as the Huai River flows south through Shaobo Lake on its way to the Yangtze River like Gaoyou Lake. It is about 17 km long and 60 km wide covering approximately 77 km2.
 Samar Alsaggaf is the director of the Department of Medical and Health Science Programs at the Saudi Arabian Cultural Mission in Washington D.C. She was voted as best director of the year in 2011 and 2012.In the past Alsaggaf has served as academic lecturer and physician with a specialization in anatomy embryology histology and a particular expertise in the development of the nervous system.
 Ovčari (Cyrillic: Овчари) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Stara Wieś Trzecia [ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ ˈtʂɛt͡ɕa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Bychawa and 35 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 308.
 Apache Mall is the largest enclosed shopping space in Rochester Minnesota. It was built in 1969 at the intersection of U.S. Route 52 and U.S. Route 14. The Mall's food court has had free wi-fi access provided by the city's only cable television company Charter Communications since January 2007. Apache Mall is managed by General Growth Properties of which filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy on April 16 2009.In 2014 the mall's Sears store was closed.
 Raja Nanna Raja (Kannada: ರಾಜ ನನ್ನ ರಾಜ) is a 1976 Kannada romance film directed by A. V. Sheshagiri Rao and produced by A. L. Abbaiah Naidu. The film starred Rajkumar Aarathi and Chandrashekar in the lead roles. The songs composed by G. K. Venkatesh were received extremely well and considered as evergreen hits.The film deals with the reincarnation as main subject with the lead actors romancing in both the incarnations. The film was a huge success at the box-office after its release.
 Skibniew-Kurcze [ˈskibɲɛf ˈkurt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Sokołów Podlaski and 86 km (53 mi) east of Warsaw.
 The Land Before Time V: The Mysterious Island is a 1997 direct-to-video animated adventure musical film directed by Charles Grosvenor. This is the first film in the series in which Anndi McAfee is the voice of Cera and Aria Noelle Curzon is the voice of Ducky. It is also the only film in which Brandon LaCroix plays Littlefoot; it is the first in which Thomas Dekker provides the singing voice for Littlefoot.
 21st Century Live is a live album by the band Styx released in 2003. The album contains a CD and a DVD The tracks on the CD are identical to the tracks released on Styx World: Live 2001 (2001) but are presented in a different order and do not include some tracks included on Styx World: Live 2001. The DVD contains songs from Styx World: Live 2001 and two other previously released albums Arch Allies: Live at Riverport (2001) and At the River's Edge: Live in St.
 The Mirax-Plaza Ukraine (Ukrainian: Міракс-плаза Україна) is an unfinished building in Kiev the capital of Ukraine. It is located in the central Podilskyi district (municipal address: 43 Glybochytska St.). If completed it would surpass the Parus Business Centre (156 m or 516 ft) to become the tallest building in Ukraine. The project suggests class-A office space as well as retail and residential space.
 Tzitzernavank (Tsitsernavank or Dzidzernavank) Armenian: Ծիծեռնավանք) is a fifth- to sixth-century Armenian church and former monastery in the Qashatagh Province of Nagorno-Karabakh Republic (formerly Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan). The monastery is within five kilometers of the border of Armenia's province of Syunik.
 Pentila umangiana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo from the Democratic Republic of Congo to Sudan and in Uganda Tanzania and Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.
 Casbah (1948) is a musical film directed by John Berry starring Yvonne DeCarlo and Tony Martin and released by Universal Studios.
 Adam Fetterman is a Port St. Lucie Florida attorney and Democratic politician who served as the representative for District 81 of the Florida House of Representatives. He was first elected to the Florida House in 2008.Representative Fetterman was born in New Rochelle New York on October 16 1970 and moved to Florida in 1973. He graduated from Palm Beach Gardens High School.
 Hill House also known as the Col. James Johnston House is a historic home located at Boalsburg Harris Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1830 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay stone dwelling with a gable roof attic and basement. It measures 46 feet by 24 feet. It has a stone and frame rear kitchen ell that measures 20 feet by 18 feet. It was built by Col.
 Breathing and Not Breathing is a compilation album by experimental indie rock group Supreme Dicks released October 18 2011. The album comprises the band's previous albums in chronological order as well as five previously unreleased songs listed as the last five songs on disc 4.
 Protracta is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Protracta illuminata which is found in Bolivia.
 The Mound is a novella H. P. Lovecraft wrote as a ghostwriter from December 1929 to January 1930 after he was hired by Zealia Bishop to create a story based on the following plot synopsis: There is an Indian mound near here which is haunted by a headless ghost. Sometimes it is a woman.Lovecraft did not like this premise of what seemed to be a conventional ghost story.
 Motorcyclepedia is a motorcycle museum containing over 450 mostly American motorcycles mainly from the first half of the 20th century with a special emphasis on Indian motorcycles including a model from every year of the original Indian brand on display covering 1901 to 1953.The 85000-square-foot (7900 m2) non-profit museum was opened by Gerald A. Doering and his son Ted Doering on April 16 2011 at 250 Lake Street in Newburgh New York.
 Lutków [ˈlutkuf] (Ukrainian: Людків Liudkiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chłopice within Jarosław County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Chłopice 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Jarosław and 55 km (34 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Forestside Shopping Centre (better known as Forestside) is located in Newtownbreda in the southern suburbs of Belfast Northern Ireland. The first phase of the centre the 39000 square feet (3600 m2) Sainsbury's store opened in March 1997. The popularity of the centre has exceeded expectations with traffic congestion a problem in peak trading seasons. Sainsbury's was obliged to pay for extensive roadworks on the A24/A55 junction.
 Gael Tarleton (born January 1 1959) is an American politician of the Democratic Party. She is a member of the Washington House of Representatives representing the 36th district.
 Back 2 the Game is the fourth album released by rap group Do or Die. It was released on August 13 2002 for Rap-A-Lot Records/Virgin Records. This album did not fare as well as the group's previous three but peaked at #64 on the Billboard 200 and #25 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 See also The Great Santini (film)The Great Santini is a novel written by Pat Conroy and published in 1976.
 Buda [ˈbuda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Stare Babice 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Endre Kukorelly (born April 26 1951) is a Hungarian writer poet and journalist. He is a teacher of the Hungarian University of Fine Arts. He was also an editor of the Magyar Narancs.
 Dartut (Persian: دارتوت‎ also Romanized as Dārtūt; also known as Dāreh Tūt and Dārtūt-e Gorāzān) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 538 in 138 families.
 The Veteran is a 2011 British action film directed by Matthew Hope featuring Toby Kebbell Brian Cox Tony Curran and Adi Bielski.
 Man Maid is a 2008 American comedy film starring Phillip Vaden Sara Rue Jane Lynch Steve Hytner and John Doe.
 Dalla genes is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Bolivia Peru Colombia and Ecuador.
 Sang-e-Meel Se Mulaqat (from Urdu meel = mile; sang = stone mulaqat = meeting Meeting the Milestone) is a documentary on life of Ustad Bismillah Khan by Goutam Ghose.
 Daniel Guin Kyle known as Dan Kyle (born 1937) is a businessman from Baton Rouge Louisiana who served as his state's legislative auditor from 1989–2003 when he stepped down to run unsuccessfully for insurance commissioner. An active Republican Kyle uncovered many instances of misappropriations in state and local governments during his fifteen years as auditor.
 Sumerian Daemons is the sixth studio album by the Greek death metal band Septic Flesh. It was released by Hammerheart Records (now known as Karmageddon Media) in 2003. It was originally the band's final album before they disbanded later the same year until they reformed in 2007.
 Gone Wanderin' is a 2002 album released by Jackie Greene.
 Kandian (Persian: كنديان‎ also Romanized as Kandīān; also known as Kandān) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzkuh County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 14 families.
 Asem River is a river in northern Java Indonesia.
 The Valea Prejbei River is a tributary of the Cerna river in Romania.
 Stoystown Historic District is a national historic district located at Stoystown in Somerset County Pennsylvania. The district includes 81 contributing buildings 2 contributing sites and 1 contributing object. It encompasses central business district and surrounding residential areas in Stoystown. They primarily date from the late-19th and early-20th century. Notable non-residential buildings include the Grace Lutheran Church (1888) St.
 Słonów [ˈswɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Dobiegniew 19 km (12 mi) east of Strzelce Krajeńskie and 43 km (27 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 A. Durai Arasan (October 22 1922 - April 10 1998) was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu. He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as a Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam candidate from Arantangi constituency in 1962 and 1967 elections.
 The Granby Center Historic District is a historic district in Granby Connecticut. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1985.The district includes 35 properties in the center of Granby. This section of town was settled in the 18th century but most of those original buildings no longer exist. The district includes two buildings dating to the 18th century 24 dating to the 19th century and 8 dating to the 20th century.
 River Mill Hydroelectric Project also known as River Mill Dam and Station M is a hydroelectric dam and powerhouse in Clackamas County Oregon United States. It is just north of Estacada Oregon on the Clackamas River at river mile 23.5.The dam has been in continuous production of hydroelectric power since 1911 when its construction was funded by the Portland Railway Light and Power Company.
 Sir Robin Urquhart Young KCB (born 7 September 1948) is a former British civil servant. He was Permanent Secretary for the Department for Culture Media and Sport from 1998 to 2001 and Permanent Secretary for the Department of Trade & Industry from 2001 to 2005.
 Tutermaa is a village in Harku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 274 (as of 1 June 2010).
 Giorgi (Goga) Khachidze (Georgian: გიორგი ხაჩიძე; born February 9 1974) is a Georgian politician who served as the Minister of Environment Protection and Natural Resources of Georgia from 2008 to 2012.
 Auer Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Odetta at Town Hall is a live album by American folk singer Odetta recorded at Town Hall New York NY on April 5 1963 and first released later that year.At Town Hall is also available along with At Carnegie Hall from the same era on Vanguard's double-LP The Essential Odetta but the CD version of that release omits eight songs from the Town Hall LP and two songs from the Carnegie Hall LP.
 The Ashburton River / Hakatere is a river in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. The official name of the river was amended to become a dual name by the Ngai Tahu Claims Settlement Act 1998. It has been identified as an Important Bird Area by BirdLife International because it supports breeding colonies of the endangered Black-billed Gull.
 Michael Kirk Talbot (born November 18 1969) is a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from River Ridge Louisiana located in Jefferson Parish in suburban New Orleans.
 Criodion angustatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 The bluestreak cleaner wrasse Labroides dimidiatus is one of several species of cleaner wrasses found on coral reefs from Eastern Africa and the Red Sea to French Polynesia. Like other cleaner wrasses it eats parasites and dead tissue off larger fishes' skin in a mutualistic relationship that provides food and protection for the wrasse and considerable health benefits for the other fishes.
 The Skateboard Mag is an independently published American skateboarding magazine that has published over 100 issues (in 2005 its circulation was approximately 90000) and featured professional skateboarder Danny Way on the cover of its inaugural issue depicted mid-air while executing a trick on a construction known as the Mega Ramp. As of February 2005 the publication is owned by a group that consists of seven partners while the magazine employs eleven full-time staff members.
 Vranov nad Dyjí is a château in the homonymic town of Vranov nad Dyjí in the South Moravia (South Moravian Region) Czech Republic. It lies on the Dyje (Thaya) river 3 km (1.9 miles) north from the Austrian border close to Hardegg.
 Acanthomyops subglaber is a species of ant belonging to the Acanthomyops genus. Described in 1893 by Emery the species is native to the United States and Canada.
 Thomas Alun Rhys Davies (born 12 February 1964) is a Welsh Labour Co-operative politician. After beginning his political career in Plaid Cymru he later joined the Labour Party. He has been a member of the National Assembly for Wales since 2007 initially representing the Mid and West Wales region and since 2011 his home seat of Blaenau Gwent. He is a former Welsh public affairs consultant.
 Majdany [mai̯ˈdanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Grabica 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Piotrków Trybunalski and 30 km (19 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Bembidion nigropiceum is a small fast-moving water beetle in the Trechinae subfamily.
 Djedi River (French: Oued Djedi or Ouad-ed-Djedi) or Djeddi River is a wadi (river with intermittent stream) in Algeria and one of the largest rivers of Sahara. It starts in the Saharan Atlas mountains at elevation of about 1400 meters (4600 ft) flows for about 480 kilometers (300 mi) approximately from west to east and discharges into Chott Melrhir lake at about –40 meters (130 ft) below mean sea level which is the lowest point of Algeria.
 Bianyifang (Chinese: 便宜坊; pinyin: Biànyífānɡ) is the oldest Peking Duck restaurant currently doing business in Beijing China.
 Eois glauculata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Brazil.
 The Paper is a 1994 American comedy-drama film directed by Ron Howard and starring Michael Keaton Glenn Close Marisa Tomei Randy Quaid and Robert Duvall. It received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Song for Make Up Your Mind which was written and performed by Randy Newman.The film depicts a hectic 24 hours in a newspaper editor's professional and personal life. The main story of the day is the murder of a visiting businessman by two boys.
 The Mutum River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Crossing the Quality Chasm: A New Health System for the 21st CenturyThe committee on the Quality of Health Care in America released this report on March 1 2001. It followed the 1999 report To Err is Human: Building a Safer Health System which brought to light the human toll and financial cost of medical error.
 Monique Jérôme-Forget (born c. 1940 in Montreal Quebec) is a psychologist and a former Quebec politician. She was the Member of National Assembly (MNA) for the riding of Marguerite-Bourgeois in the Montreal region as a member of the Quebec Liberal Party between 1998 and 2009.
 Nomule is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1610 people living in 251 individual households.
 Gaguda is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2470 living in 478 individual households.
 Roche Pourrie is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Beaufortain Massif range. It has an elevation of 2037 metres above sea level.
 Fried Green Tomatoes is the ninth and final studio album by country music artist Ricky Van Shelton. Of the two singles released The Decision charted at number 71 while Call Me Crazy failed to chart. This was his only release for the Audium label. All I Have to Offer You Is Me is a cover of a Charley Pride single. I'm the One was previously recorded by McBride & the Ride on their 1992 album Sacred Ground which also includes a cover of All I Have to Offer You Is Me.
 Körpeli is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 The Spieth and Krug Brewery also known as Union Hall and Maxey Block is a brewery established in 1867 in Bozeman Montana by two German immigrants Jacob Spieth and Charles Krug. The current building was built in 1882. In 1895 the brewery was bought by Julius Lehrkind whose descendants still operate beverage businesses in Bozeman.
 Kim Appleby is the solo debut album by British singer Kim Appleby.With the aid of her boyfriend ex-Bros bassist Craig Logan Kim launched a solo career with much of her debut solo album composed of songs cowritten with her sister Mel for what was intended to be the next Mel and Kim album.
 Seeta Bibaha (1934) (Oriya: ସୀତା ବିବାହ) was the first Oriya film directed by Mohan Sundar Deb Goswami; it presented the marriage of Lord Rama to Sita based on the epic story Ramayana. The film starred Makhanlal Bannerjee Mohan Sundar Deb Goswami Krishnachandra Singh and Prabhavati. It premiered April 28 1936 at the Laxmi Talkies of Puri. Sita Bibaha was the first complete Oriya film and an important part of the struggle for a manifestation of Oriya cultural identity in celluloid form.
 Connie O'Brien (born October 12 1946) is a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives representing the 42nd district. A native of Kansas City Missouri she has served since 2009.O'Brien is currently President of Leavenworth County Republican Women and Vice Chair of the County Party. She previously served as Precinct Committee Woman and President of Kansas for Life. O'Brien has a BA in Social Studies and Secondary Education from St. Mary College of Leavenworth.
 Anaximenes is a low-rimmed lunar crater that is located near the north-northwest limb of the Moon. It lies to the west of the crater Philolaus and northeast of Carpenter. To the northwest is Poncelet close to the visible edge of the Moon.The outer rim of Anaximenes has been eroded and worn into a roughly circular ring of ridges. The rim is lowest along the northeast side where Anaximenes partly overlaps the equally worn satellite crater Anaximenes G.
 William Weldon Ted Bennett Jr. (born December 24 1940 in Halifax Virginia) is an American politician. A Democrat he served in the Virginia House of Delegates 1990–2002. On March 13 2009 he announced that he was running for reelection to his old seat in the 60th district after his Republican successor Clarke Hogan announced his own retirement.
 Fodinoidea formosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1984. It is found in Madagascar.
 Ctenucha semistria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found in Brazil.
 Heraskah (Persian: هرسكه‎ also Romanized as Herasgah) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 7 families.
 Fréttablaðið (English: The Newspaper) is the Icelandic newspaper with the largest circulation. Fréttablaðið is in Icelandic and is distributed free of charge to homes in parts of the country. Each paper is read by about 60% and at any given time only 20% will not have read it at all over the past week. Fréttablaðið is published 6 days per week Monday - Saturday.
 Kodaikanal Lake also known as Kodai Lake is a manmade lake located in the Kodaikanal city in Dindigul district in Tamil Nadu India. Sir Vere Henry Levinge the then Collector of Madurai was instrumental in creating the lake in 1863 amidst the Kodaikanal town which was developed by the British and early missionaries from USA.
 Nixonland: The Rise of a President and the Fracturing of America is a work of history written by Rick Perlstein released in May 2008.
 Lipniki [lipˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Korytnica 16 km (10 mi) west of Węgrów and 60 km (37 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 The Hay–Adams is a luxury hotel located at 800 16th Street NW in Washington D.C. Lafayette Square and St. John's Episcopal Church also known as the Church of the Presidents are located across the street. The hotel is a contributing property to the Lafayette Square Historic District and a member of the Historic Hotels of America.The hotel occupies the site where the 1885 homes of John Hay and Henry Adams once stood at 16th and H Streets NW.
 Dogmatic Infidel Comedown OK is an album of reworks and reinterpretations of tracks from IAMX's third studio album Kingdom of Welcome Addiction.It includes remixes by Combichrist Pull Out Kings Alec Empire Vive la Fête Black Light Odyssey Omega Man Aesthetic Perfection and Terrence Fixmer; covers by Miss Derringer James Cook and Anne Marie Kirby (The Dollhouse) German band Index and Larry Driscoll; and Chris Corner's own reworks under the alias of UNFALL.
 Neriamangalam (നേര്യമംഗലം) is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala. Neriamangalam is on the banks of Periyar River. It is on the border of Ernakulam & Idukki districts. Agriculture is the predominant occupation in this area.The Neriamangalam Bridge Ranikallu (stone of queen) etc. are of historical importance.
 The Friend is the monthly English language children's magazine published by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). It is aimed at those of Primary age (Primary is the name for the young LDS children's Sunday school program) approximately ages 3 through 12.
 Gayasan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1430 metres.
 Lake Abbe also known as Lake Abhe Bad is a salt lake lying on the Ethiopia-Djibouti border. It is one of a chain of six connected lakes which also includes (from north to south) lakes Gargori Laitali Gummare Bario and Afambo.
 Sándor Bejczy (1920–2004) was a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from FKGP National List between 1990 and 1994.
 Sirangahawatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Richland Mall is a 708249-square-foot (65798.5 m2) regional shopping mall in Waco Texas owned by CBL & Associates Properties located on 77 acres (31 ha). The mall opened in 1980. It has 95 stores with four anchors. The mall contains two Dillard's stores one of which was originally H. J. Wilson Co. and later Service Merchandise.
 Robert Jones Atkinson was a Democratic politician from the state of Ohio United States. He was President of the Ohio Senate in 1854 and was an appointed official in the United States Department of the Treasury 1854 to 1864.
 Jack Elliot Sings is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott released in Great Britain in 1958. Elliott's name is misspelled on the cover.
 Thelenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Ayaghchi (Persian: اياغچي‎ also Romanized as Ayāghchī; also known as Āyākhchī) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District Ziviyeh District Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 29 families.
 Bad Boys is the fourth and final studio album by the original formation of Spanish duo Baccara first released on label RCA-Victor in West Germany in 1981. It contains European single release Colorado. The rights to the RCA-Victor back catalogue are currently held by Sony BMG Music Entertainment - the original Bad Boys album in its entirety remains unreleased on compact disc.
 Towhidabad (Persian: توحيداباد‎ also Romanized as Towḩīdābād; also known as Toḩīdābād) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 21 families.
 The natterjack toad (Epidalea calamita formerly Bufo calamita) is a toad native to sandy and heathland areas of Europe. Adults are 60–70 mm in length and are distinguished from common toads by a yellow line down the middle of the back and parallel paratoid glands.
 Walter Forward (January 24 1786 – November 24 1852) was an American lawyer and politician. He was the brother of Chauncey Forward.
 Great Catherine: Whom Glory Still Adores is a 1913 one-act play by Irish dramatist George Bernard Shaw. It was written between two of his other 1913 plays Pygmalion and The Music Cure and focuses on Captain Charles Edstaston a very prim and proper British military attaché who in 1776 is assigned to the Imperial Russian court in Saint Petersburg during the 34-year (1762–1796) rule of Empress Catherine the Great and brings his equally prim fiancée Claire with him.
 Mount Ulysses is the highest mountain in the Muskwa Ranges of the Northern Canadian Rockies in British Columbia.
 Spore is the ninth book in the Galaxy of Fear series by John Whitman set in the Star Wars galaxy shortly after Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.
 Postplatyptilia uruguayensis is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Uruguay.The wingspan is about 18 mm. Adults are on wing in March.
 Laothus is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Neotropic ecozone.
 Medusa is the second studio album by Dutch darkwave band Clan of Xymox. It was released in November 1986 on the 4AD record label.
 Yarvaliabad (Persian: يارولي آباد‎ also Romanized as Yārvalīābād; also known as Yārvalī and Dah Pahlavān) is a village in Itivand-e Shomali Rural District Kakavand District Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 45 families.
 The Loc River is a tributary of the Madicea River in Romania.
 The College Heights Estates Historic District encompasses a mid-20th century automobile-centered residential suburban area of University Park Maryland and the neighboring unincorporated area of College Heights Estates in Prince George's County. The earliest portions of the area were platted out in 1938 and the area was mostly built out between then and 1960. The area features winding lanes and dead-end roads with large houses on generously sized lots.
 Pseudotomoxia trilineata is a species of beetle in the Pseudotomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was described in 1936 by Eugene Ray.
 The Nahant Life-Saving Station is a historic coastal rescue station at 96 Nahant Road in Nahant Massachusetts. The station which consists of a residence and an equipment building was established in 1900 by the United States Life-Saving Service before being taken over by the United States Coast Guard in 1915. The station was discontinued in 1964 and the facilities were converted recreational use by the Coast Guard.
 Opposite Way is the second studio album from the Christian band Leeland released on February 26 2008. The album reached #1 on the iTunes Store Christian Albums chart in its debut week. Count Me In and the title track Opposite Way have been released as radio singles.
 Leonard Lenny Mirra is an American state legislator serving in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He is a West Newbury resident and a member of the Republican Party.
 Odetta and The Blues is an album by folk singer Odetta released in 1962.Recorded as the 1950s/1960s American folk music revival was getting underway the album is notable for Odetta's use of a jazz band on the record.It has subsequently been re-released on CD in 1984 on Riverside/Original Blues Classics (OBCCD-509-2) Ace (509) (1993) and Legacy (354).
 Man Materiya is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8362.
 Eupithecia mentavoni is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Tanzania.
 Non-Fiction is Bob Bennett's third release.
 Prisoje (Serbian: Присоје) is a village in the municipality of Bileća Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Clarión Wren (Troglodytes tanneri) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family.It is endemic to Clarión Island off Pacific Mexico.It looks much like a House Wren but is larger with a prominently longer bill somewhat approaching the Carolina Wren in form.Its natural habitats are the less arid patches of shrubland notably thickets of Ipomoea halierca morning glory.
 Yahya Kassim Issa (born 25 September 1950) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Chwaka constituency since 2000.
 The Ibuki Mountains (伊吹山地 Ibuki Sanchi) are a mountain range straddling the border between Gifu and Shiga prefectures in Japan. After lowering and nearly disappearing in Shiga Prefecture the range continues as the Suzuka Mountains. During the winter the winds from the Ibuki Mountains are a cause of much of the snowfall on the Nōbi Plain covering Gifu and Aichi prefectures.The range is named after Mount Ibuki the highest peak in the range at an elevation of 1377 meters above sea-level.
 Arasilangkumari (Tamil: அரசிளங்குமரி) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran Padmini and Rajasulochana in the lead roles. The film was released in the 1961.
 Alive and Kickin' Ass is the fifth live album released by Crack the Sky. Recorded live at the Tower Theater in Philadelphia Pennsylvania and the Agora in Cleveland Ohio in 1978—the same shows that were used for the Live Sky album.
 The Basilica of Our Lady of Solitude (Spanish: Basílica de Nuestra Señora de la Soledad) is a Roman Catholic Basilica located in Oaxaca de Juárez Oaxaca Mexico. It was built between 1682 and 1690 and is a sanctuary dedicated to Our Lady of Solitude patron saint of Oaxaca. The architecture style is Baroque and was intentionally built with low spires and towers as to better resist earthquakes.
 Forest of Secrets is a children's fantasy novel the third book in the original Warriors series written by Cherith Baldry under the pen name of Erin Hunter. The plot is about Fireheart a ThunderClan warrior attempting to prevent his best friend Graystripe from falling in love with Silverstream whom Graystripe is not allowed to fall in love with. Silverstream later dies giving birth to Graystripe's kits.
 Daniel M. Dan Tangherlini is the Administrator of the United States General Services Administration. Unanimously approved to the post by the United States Senate on June 27 2013 he had served as Acting Administrator since his appointment by President Barack Obama on April 2 2012. He earlier served as an executive in the U.S. Department of Treasury as City Administrator of Washington D.C. and as interim General Manager for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority.
 The Honor of Thieves is a 1909 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Metaleptina is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family.
 The Quay Arts Centre is located at the head of the River Medina in Newport in the centre of the Isle of Wight. It is the island's leading art gallery and venue for live events.The complex features three art galleries a 134 capacity theatre a crafts shop conferencing facilities and a cafe and was fully refurbished in 1997 by architect Tony Fretton. The Quay Arts owns and operates Jubilee Stores also located on Newport Quay.
 The Edwin C. Denby High School is a public secondary education facility located at 12800 Kelly Road in northeastern Detroit Michigan. Denby High opened in 1930 and the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Obongsan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 262 metres.
 Rostam Kalateh-ye Sadat (Persian: رستم كلاته سادات‎ also Romanized as Rostam Kalāteh-ye Sādāt; also known as Rostam Kalāteh) is a village in Estarabad-e Shomali Rural District Baharan District Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 819 in 200 families.
 A Few More Published Studies is the first full length album by the indie rock group The XYZ Affair.The music video for the album's first single All My Friends was shot in Brooklyn NY in 2007 featuring former Nickelodeon TV stars Marc Summers (Double Dare - Host) Danny Cooksey (Salute Your Shorts - Budnick) Michael Maronna (The Adventures of Pete & Pete - Big Pete) and Jason Zimbler (Clarissa Explains It All - Ferguson).
 The Killer Inside Me is a 2010 American film adaptation of the 1952 novel of the same name by Jim Thompson. The film is directed by Michael Winterbottom and stars Casey Affleck Kate Hudson and Jessica Alba. At its release it was criticised for its graphic depiction of violence directed toward women.
 Scarrow Beck is a minor watercourse which rises in the north of the English county of Norfolk. It is a tributary of the River Bure. It's spring is in the North Norfolk village of Aylmerton west of the main street. It eventually merges after 7.7 miles (12.4 km) with the River Bure at Ingworth just north of the Blickling Hall estate. There are two watermills on the beck both of which are no longer in working order.
 The High Street Historic District in Hartford Connecticut is a 1.1 acres (0.45 ha) historic district that includes three buildings all contributing. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.The district is significant in that it embodies many characteristics of late-19th century and early-20th century commercial architecture and it illustrates the rapid commercial growth of Hartford after the U.S.
 The Klages's Antwren (Myrmotherula klagesi) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is endemic to Brazil. It is named after the collector of the first specimen Samuel M. Klages (1875-1957).Its natural habitat is the canopy and edges of varzea forest. It is threatened by habitat loss and is listed by IUCN as near-threatened.
 Little Hunting Creek is a 3.6-mile-long (5.8 km) primarily tidal tributary of the Potomac River located in Fairfax County Virginia USA not to be confused with Hunting Creek farther north.
 The Mahdi is a 1982 thriller novel by Philip Nicholson writing as A. J. Quinnell. The book was published in January 1982 by William Morrow & Co and deals with political power struggles over a presumed Muslim prophet.
 The unicorn crestfish or unicornfish Eumecichthys fiski is a very rare little-known species of crestfish in the family Lophotidae and the only member of its genus. It likely has a worldwide distribution having been first discovered offshore of Kalk Bay South Africa and subsequently reported from the Sea of Japan southwest Florida Clarion Island off Mexico Hawaii and India. A report from the Bering Sea may have been in error.
 Fiordichthys is a genus of viviparous brotula native to the southwest Pacific Ocean.
 Duplicaria duplicata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Saarte Hääl is a daily newspaper published in Saare County Estonia. Before 4 May 2010 it bore the name of Oma Saar.The publisher is TÜ Oma Saar.Newspapers named Saarte Hääl has also been published 1940–1950 and 1988–1992.
 Castles in the Air (Italian:Castelli in aria) is a 1939 Italian comedy film directed by Augusto Genina and starring Lilian Harvey Vittorio De Sica and Otto Treßler. It was made at Cinecittà in Rome as part of a co-production with Germany. A separate German-language version was also released. It is based on a novel by Franz Franchy.
 Tmetolophota semivittata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is endemic to New Zealand.The wingspan is about 40 mm.
 Segunda Mano (English: Second Hand) is a 2011 Filipino horror suspense film directed by Joyce Bernal and it stars Kris Aquino Dingdong Dantes and Angelica Panganiban. The film was produced and released by Star Cinema with the co-production of Agosto Dos Pictures and MJM Productions. It is also an official entry to the 2011 Metro Manila Film Festival.
 Afortunado is an album by Joan Sebastian released in December 2002 through the record label Musart. In 2004 the album earned Sebastian a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album.
 All My Best is the second greatest hits album by the Japanese pop and R&B singer-songwriter Mai Kuraki. It was released on September 9 2009 to commemorate her tenth anniversary in the music business. The album was issued in seven formats: a regular 2CD a limited 2CD+DVD a limited microSD a USB flash drive a MiniDisc a compact cassette and an LP album. The album debuted at the top of the Japanese Oricon weekly album chart with sales over 137050.
 Suyunchi or Babushka-general (transliteration of the title of the film in Russian) (Uzbek: Suyunchi Суюнчи; Russian: Бабушка-генерал) is a 1982 Uzbek drama film directed by Melis Abzalov.
 Rampelsberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Chalet Royal is a former restaurant located in Den Bosch in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin stars in the period 1958-1976 and 1998-2011.Chalet Royal was one of the founders of the Alliance Gastronomique Neerlandaise in 1967.Kees van Gaalen founded “Chalet Royal” in 1937 as a hotel-restaurant. He was already owner of restaurant Royal in the Visstraat when he decided to branch out and buy the villa.
 Geordie (released in the U.S. as Wee Geordie) is a 1955 British film based on David Walker's novel of the same title with Bill Travers in the title role as a Scotsman who becomes an athlete at the 1956 Melbourne Olympic Games.
 It's Alive is the thirty-first studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the first installment in the Buckethead Pikes Series. It is named so after the kiosk inside Bucketheadland that sells albums not yet available at the regular store.The album was announced and released on May 15 2011 through the board of Buckethead's site making this the first album since Kaleidoscalp (2005) to be advertised on the site.
 The Firebrat (Thermobia domestica sometimes listed as Thermophila furnorum) is a small insect (typically 1–1.5 cm) similar to the Silverfish both in the order Thysanura.Firebrats prefer higher temperatures and require some humidity and can be found in bakeries and near boilers or furnaces. They feed on a wide variety of carbohydrates and starches that are also protein sources such as dog food flour and book bindings.
 Carga de rurales is an 1896 Mexican short black-and-white silent documentary film directed by Gabriel Veyre.
 Yamana Sōzen (山名 宗全 July 6 1404 – April 15 1473) was originally Yamana Mochitoyo (山名 持豊) before becoming a monk. Due to his red complexion he was sometimes known as Aka-nyūdō the Red Monk. He was one of the daimyo who fought against Hosokawa Katsumoto during the Ōnin War in Kyoto.
 The Yegorlyk (Russian: Егорлык or Большой Егорлык) is a river in Russia a tributary of the Manych River.
 Murad Saeed (Urdu/Pashto: مراد سعید‎; born 17 October 1986) is a Pakistani politician who is a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan. Saeed was elected to the National Assembly from his constituency NA-29 in Swat Khyber Pakhtunkhwa following the 2013 general election. He is a native of the town of Kabbal in Swat District. He also holds the distinction of being the youngest parliamentarian in Pakistan's history.
 Drive Creek is a creek in the Nelson River drainage basin in Kenora District northwestern Ontario Canada. It begins at Drive Lake at an elevation of 396 metres (1299 ft). The creek then takes in its right tributary Tripoli Creek at an elevation of 390 metres (1280 ft) just upstream of its mouth at the Marchington River at the same elevation. The total length of the creek is 2.9 kilometres (1.8 mi).
 Young & Restless is an album by American singer Kristinia DeBarge that was released on May 3 2013 through Manhattan Records exclusively to Japan. Two singles have been released so far. Cry Wolf the first single was released on September 27 2012 independently and did not chart on any major chart. Ignite its second single was released on April 3 2013 exclusively through Japan iTunes and has so far peaked at number six on the iTunes Japan R&B chart.
 Live in Germany 1983 is a live album. It is a recording of British rock band Atomic Rooster on 1 February 1983 at the Zeche Club in Bochum Germany.Former Atomic Rooster guitarist Bernie Tormé released the album the contents of an old but still-playable cassette tape of Jeannie Crane's via his RetroWrek Records label in 2000. The tape was recorded via a single microphone in the audience.No known live soundboard recordings of the 1983 (Crane/Hammond/Tormé) lineup of Atomic Rooster exist.
 Ernest Frederick Fritz Hollings (born January 1 1922) served as a Democratic United States Senator from South Carolina from 1966 to 2005 as well as the 106th Governor of South Carolina (1959–1963) and the 77th Lieutenant Governor (1955–1959). He served 38 years and 55 days in the Senate which makes him the 8th-longest-serving Senator in history.
 Old Providence Presbyterian Church also known as Halifax Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Providence Halifax County Virginia. It was built about 1830 and is a rectangular one-story single room gable roofed frame structure. It measures approximately 26 feet by 31 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Koloonella capricornia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Jiul de Vest River (previously also known as Jiul Românesc River) is a headwater of the Jiu River in Romania. The upper course of the river is also known locally as Câmpușelu River.
 This article describes the 29th album in the South Africa Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 29 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 29 or Now 29 was released in 2001. The album is the 29th edition of the South African Now! series.
 La storia di un peccato is a 1918 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.
 Mont du Borgne is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3153 metres above sea level.
 Kick is an Australian movie produced and directed by Lynda Heys. It stars Russell Page Rebecca Yates and Martin Henderson. The movie was released on 14 December 1999 in Australia.
 Popowice [pɔpɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Puppendorf; Kashubian: Pòpòwice) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south-west of Bytów and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship). From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It has a population of 52.
 Storbrettingskollen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 A Date with the Falcon is the second in a series of films about a suave detective nicknamed The Falcon. The 1942 sequel film features many of the same characters as its predecessor The Gay Falcon.
 Thomas Heath Haviland (13 November 1822 – 11 September 1895) was a Canadian lawyer politician and father of Canadian Confederation. He was born in and died in Charlottetown Prince Edward Island. He was appointed to the Canadian Senate on 18 October 1873 and represented Prince Edward Island as a Conservative until his resignation on 1 July 1879.He was born in Charlottetown the son of Thomas Heath Haviland and was educated in Belgium.
 Live at the Wiltern is the second live album recorded by Crosby Pevar and Raymond (CPR).
 Tazehabad-e Khachekin (Persian: تازه ابادخاچكين‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Khāchekīn; also known as Tāzehābād and Tāzehābād-e Khvāchekīn) is a village in Chukam Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1146 in 322 families.
 My Way to Olympia is a 2013 feature documentary produced and directed by Niko von Glasow which follows disabled athletes preparing to compete at the London 2012 Paralympics. The film focuses on Matt Stutzman an armless American archer; Norwegian table tennis player Aida Dahlen; the Rwandan sitting volleyball team; one-legged German swimmer Christiane Reppe and the tetraplegic Greek boccia player Greg Polychronidis. The film was produced by Palladio Film.
 The Children of the Sky is a science fiction novel by American writer Vernor Vinge. It is a direct sequel to A Fire Upon the Deep and shares the Zones of Thought universe with A Deepness in the Sky. Unlike A Fire Upon the Deep the novel is set completely on the Tines' world. It was nominated for the 2012 Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel and the Prometheus Award.
 The AAPG Bulletin is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering geosciences and associated technologies relating to the energy industry. It is an official journal of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists.
 Ronnie Mabra is Democratic member of the Georgia House of Representatives serving since 2013. Mabra played football for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets where he was a member of the All-ACC Academic Honor Team. Mabra is also an attorney in private practice.
 Take Me Where the Good Times Are is a novel by Robert Cormier. First published in 1965 it is Cormier's third novel.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Horgan Rural District in the Central District of Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 13 families.
 Mount Bowlen is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia and forms part of the Valley of the Ten Peaks. It was named in 1953 after John J. Bowlen a native of Prince Edward Island successful Alberta rancher honorary chief of the Blackfoot and a Lieutenant Governor of Alberta. Its former name was Yamnee which translates to the number 3 in the local Nakoda (Stoney) language.
 St Martin's Church is a Grade I listed Anglican church dedicated to Martin of Tours in Ancaster Lincolnshire England. The church is situated 6 miles (10 km) north-east from Grantham below the southern edge of the Lincoln Cliff and at the side of High Dyke part of the old Ermine Street Roman road. St Martin's is in the ecclesiastical parish of Ancaster and Wilsford in the Deanery of Loveden and the Diocese of Lincoln.
 Walt Disney Presents Burl Ives' Animal Folk (Disneyland ST 3920 1963) is one of several albums for children by the folk singer Burl Ives.There is a full-color booklet inserted between the gatefold covers of this album. The booklet is lavishly illustrated with selected song lyrics and cartoon representations of Ives interacting with the animals in the songs.
 Patak-e Arab (Persian: پتك اعراب‎ also Romanized as Patak-e A‘rāb) is a village in Nahr-e Anbar Rural District Musian District Dehloran County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 636 in 96 families.
 Dragon Age: Dawn of the Seeker (ドラゴンエイジ ブラッドメイジの聖戦 Dragon Age: Blood Mage no Seisen) is a 2012 Japanese CG anime film directed by Fumihiko Sori and based on the video game series Dragon Age.
 Phacopida (Lens-face) is an order of trilobite that lived from the Ordovician to the Devonian. It is made up of a morphologically diverse group of related suborders.The origin of the Phacopida order is uncertain. It comprises three suborders (Phacopina Calymenina and Cheirurina) which share a distinctive protaspis (developmental stage lacking segments) type.
 Ramesh Hiraman Wanjale (Marathi: रमेश हिरामण वांजळे) (November 12 1965 – June 10 2011) was a Maharashtra politician. He was fondly known as the “gold man” in the Pune district because of his habit of sporting gold jewellery. Wanjale entered politics as a sarpanch of Ahire village and went on to become an MLA in 2009 representing the Khadakwasla constituency. Before joining the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena he was with the Congress and served as Deputy Chairman of the Haveli Panchayat Committee.
 Dardanus tinctor the anemone hermit crab is a species of marine hermit crab in the family Diogenidae. Dardanus tinctor is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific region including the Red Sea. It reaches a length of 10 centimetres (3.9 in).
 Khvajeh Monji Kuh (Persian: خواجه منجيكوه‎ also Romanized as Khvājeh Monjī Kūh) is a village in Bandan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 24 families.
 Secret of St. Job Forest (Hungarian: A szentjóbi erdö titka) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 The Re di Anfo is a stream (or torrente) in the Province of Brescia Lombardy. Its source is on Cima Meghè and it flows into Lago d'Idro at Anfo on the western side of the lake. Its entire course is contained within the territory of the Commune of Anfo.A short stretch of the river is suitable for the sport of canyoning.
 The Château de Saumur originally built as a castle and later developed as a château is located in the French town of Saumur in the Maine-et-Loire département. It was originally constructed in the 10th century by Theobald I Count of Blois as a fortified stronghold against Norman predations. It overlooks the confluence of the Loire and the Thouet. In 1026 it came into the hands of Fulk Nerra count of Anjou who bequeathed it to his Plantagenet heirs.
 Dąbie [ˈdɔmbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Champagne Castle is a mountain in the central Drakensberg range and is the second highest peak in South Africa. It contains a series of subsidiary peaks amongst them Cathkin Peak (3149 m) Sterkhorn Mount Memory Monk's Cowl and Dragon's Back.It is said that when two intrepid mountaineers David Gray and Major Grantham climbed the peaks directly in front of Cathkin they were about to celebrate their long haul by popping a bottle of champagne.
 When a Woman Loves is the fourteenth solo album released by singer Patti LaBelle her sixth ever on the MCA Records label. The album was released on October 24 2000.
 Oyakjung is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Terhathum District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4648 people living in 819 individual households.
 Ace of Hz EP is the sixth EP by British electronic music band Ladytron. It was released as music download on 11 January 2011 through Nettwerk.This EP includes the album version of the single Ace of Hz plus five remixes of it. Two remixes were made by the well-known trance producer and DJ Tiësto.The song Ace of Hz appeared in the Ladytron's compilation Best of 00–10 and also on their 2011 studio album Gravity the Seducer.
 A Time for Judas is a novel by Canadian author Morley Callaghan published by Macmillan of Canada in 1983. It tells the story of a man in modern times who discovers tablets written by a scribe named Philo of Crete or Philo the Greek. In the story these tablets are from the time of Jesus and are Philo's telling of Jesus' last days and the aftermath including his resurrection. This modern-day man writes a novel based on these tablets. The bulk of the real novel is the fictional novel i.e.
 Margots also known as Eagle's Nest Eagles Lodge and Claybancke is a historic home located near Tettington Charles City County Virginia. It was originally built about 1700 as a 1 1/2-story three-bay brick structure above a basement until raised by addition of a frame second story in the 19th century. The house measures 44 feet 4 inches by 20 feet 8 inches. It is one of a few surviving circa 1700 medium-sized houses of Tidewater Virginia.
 Peter Graham Faithfull Henderson AC (born 1 October 1928) is a retired Australian senior public servant. He was Secretary of the Department of Foreign Affairs between 1979 and 1984. He was also well known for being the son-in-law of Robert Menzies.
 Secret Agent of Japan (1942) is the first American anti-Japanese war film produced by a major studio after the attack on Pearl Harbor. The film stars Preston Foster as a nightclub owner in Shanghai who becomes involved in espionage revolving around preparations for the infamous sneak attack.
 Aglaocrinus is an extinct species of crinoidea in the Cladia order. It has been proposed that it was a blind stationary (attached) suspension feeder the hard parts of which were composed of magnesium calcite. It has been discovered in 3 locations in North America.
 Christian Noyer (born 6 October 1950) is a French higher civil servant current Governor of the Bank of France (since 2003) and former vice-president of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank (1998–2002). In March 2010 Noyer became Chairman of the Bank for International Settlements.
 The Huslia River is a 100-mile (160 km) tributary of the Koyukuk River in the U.S. state of Alaska. The river begins at the confluence of its north and south forks and flows generally southeast across the Koyukuk National Wildlife Refuge to meet the larger river near the community of Huslia.
 The Thick-tailed Shrew (Crocidura brunnea) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is found on the islands of Java and Bali in Indonesia.
 The Android's Dream is a science fiction novel by John Scalzi.
 Mademoiselle ma mère (English: My Mother Is a Miss) is a 1936 French comedy film directed by Henri Decoin and starring Danielle Darrieux Pierre Brasseur and Pierre Larquey. The screenplay was written by Jean Boyer based on a play by Louis Verneuil. The music score is by Georges Van Parys. It tells the story of a rich young girl who avoids the sex with her older husband and falls in love with her stepson. The film was remade as Novio marido y amante (1948) in Argentina.
 Another Country is a 1962 novel by James Baldwin. The novel is set Greenwich Village in the late 1950s. It portrayed many themes that were taboo at the time of its release including bisexuality interracial couples and extramarital affairs.
 Ramakrishna Badiga (born 2 September 1942) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Machilipatnam constituency of Andhra Pradesh and is a member of the Indian National Congress. He was defeated by the TDP's BC Candidate Kanakalla Narayana Roa in 2009 Lok sabha elections by a meager margin of 12000 votes in a multi sided contest where in PRP LoksattaBJP fielded candidates from the Kapu community and polled more than 2 lakh votes.
 Richard John Hely-Hutchinson 4th Earl of Donoughmore PC FRS (4 April 1823 – 22 February 1866) styled Viscount Suirdale between 1832 and 1851 was a British Conservative politician.
 The Atlanta Daily World is the oldest black newspaper in Atlanta Georgia. It was the Southern United States' most influential daily newspaper in the 20th century. Currently owned by Real Times Inc. it publishes daily online and weekly in print.
 Kwesi Botchwey is a Ghanaian former government official and Professor of Practice in Development Economics at The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy of Tufts University. Botchwey was Ghana's Minister of Finance from 1982 to 1995. He was appointed by Jerry Rawlings to assist in stabilizing Ghana's collapsed economy.Botchwey holds an LL.B. from the University of Ghana a LL.M from Yale Law School and a doctorate from the University of Michigan Law School.
 Perdona bonita pero Lucas me quería a mí (English title: Excuse Me Darling But Lucas Loved Me) is a film directed by Dunia Ayaso and Félix Sabroso in 1997. The film was considered an ensemble comedy in which the characters involved in the plot were taken to the extreme as far as stereotypes are concerned. This caused some criticism that it exaggerated accused gay characters to which the directors responded that also heterosexual characters were exaggerated and based on clichés.
 Ługi [ˈwuɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Zwoleń and 105 km (65 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 The Golden Opportunities 2 is a free downloadable EP by indie rock band Okkervil River containing the covers of five songs – the product of a one day studio session recorded onto a two track tape by Danny Reisch at Premium Recording in Austin TX. It was released as a free download from the band's website on November 28th 2011. It is a sequel to their 2007 album Golden Opportunities Mixtape.
 The former Ahavas Sholem Synagogue building was built in 1928 at 30 White Street in New Haven Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The building is now used by the Church of Christ and is presently known as the Thomas Chapel.In its NRHP nomination it was asserted to be significant architecturally because it is an example of a neighborhood synagogue with an elaborate facade.
 Confessions Of Fire is the debut album by Harlem rapper Cam'ron. It was released on July 21 1998. Its singles were Horse & Carriage featuring Mase 357 and Feels Good featuring Usher. The album was certified gold by the RIAA with over 500000 copies sold.
 Ben Oss (Gaelic: Beinn Ois pronounced [peɲˈɔʃ]) is a Scottish mountain situated in the Stirling Council area six kilometres south west of the village of Tyndrum within the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park.
 Freshwater Lake is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 No Tomorrow is a 1999 film directed by Master P and starring Master P Pam Grier and Gary Busey. It was released direct-to-video on October 19 1999 by No Limit Films. Kickboxer Gary Daniels co-stars. The movie was a big success for No Limit Records and No Limit Films.
 District Jail Sialkot is an ancient Jail situated in Sialkot Pakistan.
 The Best from the Noise Years is the first compilation album by German heavy metal band Rage released in 1998 by Victor Entertainment. The album is made up of fifteen songs from the band's early albums (86-94) released by the Noise Records.
 The Bondwoman's Narrative is a bestselling novel by Hannah Crafts a self-proclaimed slave escaped from North Carolina. She likely wrote the novel in the mid-19th century. The manuscript was authenticated and published in 2002. Scholars believe that the novel possibly the first written by an African-American woman was created between 1853 and 1861.
 The Ayres L. Bramble House is a historic residence on the eastern side of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in the Greek Revival style of architecture in 1815 it is primarily a wooden building featuring weatherboarded walls and other elements of wood. Two stories tall the house features a Neoclassical entrance portico with fluted columns in the Doric order.
 The West Branch Piscataquis River is a 22-mile-long (35 km) tributary of the Piscataquis River in Piscataquis County Maine.
 Yagam is a 2010 Telugu film directed by P.A. Arun Prasad starring Navdeep Bhumika Chawla and Kim Sharma. The film was partially re-shot and released in Tamil as Sinam with scenes of Sathyaraj and Sathyan added in. The Tamil version released on February 3 2012.
 Virbia minuta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Felder in 1874. It is found in Brazil (Amazons) and Mexico.
 Vásárosbéc is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 After We Will Rock You became a hit in London various other productions were put on around the world. One of the earliest was in Australia. The cast came from around Australia and New Zealand.To help promote this production a special version of the British musical soundtrack was released to help protmote the production.
 Blue Lake National Park is a national park in Queensland Australia 44 kilometres (27 mi) east of Brisbane on North Stradbroke Island. Access is provided by road 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) west of Dunwich. Camping open fires and domestic animals are not permitted in the park.
 The World Is Darker EP is the first EP by Neverending White Lights. It was released as an iTunes Exclusive and features three tracks: the radio edit of The World Is Darker the second single from Act 2: The Blood and the Life Eternal; an extended techno-dance remix of Always the first single from Act II: The Blood and the Life Eternal; and a cover of the Nelly Furtado song Maneater.
 San Antonio de las Vueltas is a village (consejo popular) in central northern Cuba belonging to the municipality of Camajuaní Villa Clara Province.
 The Murphy's Crow (Euploea caespes) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Falling Forward is an album by Christian rock musician Margaret Becker released in 1998 by Sparrow Records.
 Save Your Heart is the second studio album by Swedish cinematic postrock band Lights & Motion. It was released worldwide on November 12 2013 through the American independent record label Deep Elm Records. The album was produced by Christoffer Franzén and recorded in Gothenburg during 2012 and 2013. The album contains eleven tracks and has a total running time of 40 minutes. It is the follow-up to the bands debut album Reanimation and it is Deep Elms 200th release in their catalog.
 Le Brévent is a mountain of Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Aiguilles Rouges range. It has an altitude of 2525 metres above sea level.
 Mount Mitoku (三徳山 Mitoku-san) is a mountain located in Misasa Tottori Prefecture. Mount Mitoku has an elevation of 900 m (2953 ft). Mount Mitoku was known from ancient times as a place of both religious significance and scenic beauty. The mountain is home to Sanbutsu-ji a historically significant temple designated an Important Treasure of Japan in 1952.
 Francis E. Gleeson Jr. is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Goodnight Mister Tom is a play by David Wood based on the children's novel of the same name by Michelle Magorian. The play earned the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Entertainment at the 2013 Laurence Olivier Awards.
 Truman Smith Baxter (November 24 1867 – October 27 1931) was the 16th mayor of Vancouver British Columbia. He was born on a farm near Carlingford Ontario part of Fullertown Township in Perth County. He was theson of Richard and Elizabeth Baxter the former a native of Ontario and the latter of Cornwall England.
 Blue Moon is the eighth in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery/erotica novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.
 Karmic was the debut EP from American rock band Nada Surf released in 1996. It was recorded in 1993 and 1994. The song Treehouse appeared on the band's first album High/Low. In 2007 Karmic was reissued under the Hi-Speed Soul label with bonus track Pressure Free.
 A Dissertation Concerning the Nature of True Virtue is a work by American Christian reformer theologian author and pastor Jonathan Edwards originally published posthumously in 1765. The work was published jointly with A Dissertation Concerning the End for Which God Created the World.
 Acontiinae is a subfamily of moth family Noctuidae.
 Lewdeniya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Adnan Omran (Arabic: عدنان عمران‎) (born 1934) is a Syrian diplomat and politician who served as information minister from 2000 to 2003.
 For the London England theatre venue see Victoria Palace Theatre.Victoria Palace (Romanian: Palatul Victoria) is a palace in Victory Square Bucharest built in 1937  which is the headquarters of the Prime Minister of Romania and his cabinet.The palace was build under the supervision of Duiliu Marcu (1885-1966) student of the Bucharest Superior School of Architecture (1906) and of Paris Ecole de Beaux – Arts (diplomat in 1912).
 Homo Sol is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov that was first published in the September 1940 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov. It deals with the proposed acceptance into a galactic federation of hominid civilizations of the hominids of newly discovered Earth.
 First Baptist Church was a historic African-American Baptist church located in the Gainsboro neighborhood of Roanoke Virginia. It was built in 1898-1900 and was a large six-bay nave-plan brick church with Romanesque and Gothic detailing. It featured a clipped gable roof and a front bell tower. A one-story Parish Hall was built in 1936. First Baptist Church occupied the building until moving to a new sanctuary in 1982.
 Drzęczewo Pierwsze [dʐɛnˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Piaski 5 km (3 mi) north-east of Gostyń and 57 km (35 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 132.
 Ninemile Creek is a river on Douglas Island in the City and Borough of Juneau Alaska United States. Its origin is in hills to the southeast and it flows northwest to Gastineau Channel near West Juneau; it is 1.2 miles (1.9 km) east of Entrance Point and 6.4 miles (10.3 km) northwest of the city of Juneau.The name was supplied by the United States Geological Survey in 1962 and it was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on March 31 1981.
 Horseshoe Lake is a reservoir that was formed by the Horseshoe Dam on the Verde River in the U.S. state of Arizona. This lake is located inside the Tonto National Forest as such the facilities located here are managed by that authority. Located upstream and north of Bartlett Lake Horseshoe Lake is the first of the Salt River Project lakes to be very low when irrigation and domestic water requirements dictate.
 Ashbourne Hall is a Manor house originally built by the Cockayne family in the 13th century in Ashbourne Derbyshire. The present building is part of a largely demolished Georgian-styled hall built in the 18th century.
 Pseudoedaleosia scoparioides is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Western Australia.
 Rindgenaria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Wieldządz [ˈvjɛld͡zɔnt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płużnica within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Płużnica 12 km (7 mi) north-west of Wąbrzeźno and 36 km (22 mi) north of Toruń.
 Derekarabağ is a village in the District of Bolvadin Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Coleophora viscidiflorella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including California.The larvae feed on the leaves of Chrysothamnus viscidiflorus. They create a trivalved tubular silken case.
 St Luke's Church Liverpool is a former Anglican parish church which is now a ruin. It stands on the corner of Berry Street and Leece Street looking down the length of Bold Street Liverpool Merseyside England. The church was built between 1811 and 1832 and was designed by John Foster senior and John Foster junior father and son who were successive surveyors for the municipal Corporation of Liverpool.
 Onchidella wah is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Çıralı is a village in the District of Kemer Antalya Province Turkey.
 Stara Rokitnia [ˈstara rɔˈkitɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Ryki and 68 km (42 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 500.
 Augraben is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Chris Romer (born 1959) is currently President and Co-founder of American Honors. Romer is a former politician of the U.S. state of Colorado. Elected to the Colorado State Senate as a Democrat in 2006 he represented Senate District 32 which encompasses south Denver.On November 30 2010 Romer announced his candidacy for Mayor of Denver. He then resigned from the state senate and after qualifying for the runoff election lost the race to Michael Hancock.
 George Perry Graham PC (31 March 1859 – 1 January 1943) was a journalist editor and politician in Ontario Canada. In the 1898 Ontario provincial election he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario and re-elected in 1902 and 1905. In 1904 he was appointed to the cabinet as Provincial Secretary by Premier George William Ross and served in that position until the Ross government lost the election of 1905.
 Adalberto Jose Jordan (born December 1961) is an Appeals Court Judge for the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. Jordan was confirmed by the United States Senate to the Eleventh Circuit on February 15 2012. He received his judicial commission on February 17 2012.Jordan is also an adjunct professor at the University of Miami School of Law his alma mater and at Florida International University's College of Law.
 Hispanic Journal of Behavioral Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is Amado M. Padilla (Stanford University). It has been in publication since 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Musgrave Park Hospital is a regional specialist hospital managed by Belfast Health and Social Care Trust in Belfast Northern Ireland. It specialises in orthopaedics rheumatology sports medicine and rehabilitation of patients of all ages. These specialties are spread out across a large site in the leafy suburbs of South Belfast. The Hospital is named after the 48 acres (190000 m2) of adjacent municipal parkland known as Musgrave Park first opened to the public in 1920.
 Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania is an upcoming 2014 Bollywood film. The film features Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt in lead roles. The film is produced by Karan Johar and directed by debutant Shashank Khaitan. The film will be released on 11 July 2014.
 Fuentes is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders). Its two described species are found in Central America.
 Lucien Cliche (August 4 1916 – June 2 2005) was a lawyer and political figure in Quebec. He represented Abitibi-Est in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec and then the Quebec National Assembly from 1960 to 1970 as a Liberal. Cliche was Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from 1960 to 1961.He was born in Vallée-Jonction Quebec the son of Vital Cliche and Anne-Marie Cloutier. Cliche was educated at the Séminaire de Québec and the Université Laval.
 The Helmeted Woodpecker (Dryocopus galeatus) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.It is found in Argentina Brazil and Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Tongkaw is a village in Hsi Hseng Township Taunggyi District in the Shan State of eastern Burma. It is located south of the township capital of Hsi Hseng by National Highway 5. Kong Pyek is located further south along the road in Kayah State. An atrocity was committed in the village on 2 August 1984 by the 101st light infantry regiment.
 Maunder is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon just beyond the western limb. This region is sometimes brought into view during favorable librations but not much detail can be seen. The crater lies at the northern end of the Mare Orientale within the ring of mountains named Montes Rook and it is the largest crater on this lunar mare.
 Ararirá River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Carposina atronotata is a moth of the Carposinidae family. It is endemic to Maui.
 Vexillum puerile is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Tea and Sympathy (1956) is an adaptation of Robert Anderson's 1953 stage play directed by Vincente Minnelli and produced by Pandro S. Berman for MGM in Metrocolor. The music score was by Adolph Deutsch and the cinematography by John Alton. Deborah Kerr Leif Erickson and John Kerr re-created their original stage roles. Also in the cast were Edward Andrews Darryl Hickman Norma Crane Tom Laughlin and Dean Jones.
 Instrumental Assassination is a 1966 jazz-rock EP by Manfred Mann produced by Shel Talmy and released by Fontana Records (TE17483). Mann reported that the group loved it and the producer was particularly pleased: Fontana's Jack Baverstock found it full of ideas humour and new thinking but the EP sold poorly and was re-released in its entirety on the 1968 Fontana compilation album What A Mann.
 Douglas F. Doug Gansler (born October 30 1962) is an American attorney politician who serves as the 45th and current Attorney General of Maryland. Gansler previously served as the State's Attorney for Montgomery County Maryland from 1999 to 2007. He then won nomination in the state Democratic primary election for Attorney General and defeated Republican candidate Scott Rolle in the 2006 general election taking 61% of the vote. He was re-elected unopposed in the 2010 election.
 The Dumfries & Galloway Standard is a tabloid newspaper primarily serves Dumfries and the surrounding towns and villages such as Thornhill Sanquhar Lockerbie and Annan. But it also covers Castle Douglas Kirkcudbright Gretna and news in Wigtownshire such as in the town of Stranraer. Its sister paper is the Galloway News which covers the Galloway area more in depth with Castle Douglas Kirkcudbright and Dalbeattie the three main towns in its patch.
 The Ferryman is a New Zealand made film directed by Chris Graham and starring British actor John Rhys-Davies and New Zealand actress Amber Sainsbury the film was released in the middle of 2007.The 1970s style film follows a group of twenty-something's who charter a boat to Fiji for the trip of a lifetime before stumbling upon an evil that demands vengeance at any cost.The film has sold to over 38 countries including the United States Great Britain Germany and most of Asia with worldwide sales receipts now in the millions of dollars.
 Tano da morire (internationally released as To Die for Tano) is a 1997 Italian musical comedy film written and directed by Roberta Torre.
 Payal Ki Jhankaar (Hindi: पायल की झंकार) is a 1980 Indian romance film directed by Satyen Bose. The film was selected as the Indian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Shade River is a tributary of the Ohio River in southeastern Ohio in the United States. Via the Ohio River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 221 square miles (570 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau. The Shade River is 17.4 miles (28.0 km) long or 38.2 miles (61.5 km) including its west branch.The Shade River flows predominantly as three streams its east middle and west branches.
 Mobstability II: Nation Bizness is the second studio album by Chicago-based rappers Twista and his crew the Speedknot Mobstaz (Liffy Stokes & Mayz). It was released May 27 2008; featured guest appearances include Jim Jones Mello Tha Gudda Mann and Toxic.The first buzz-singles from the album were Gangstaz Don't Dance (produced by Drumma Boy) and Money N Murda while the official first single is Money To Blow with a video already out.
 Monksville Reservoir known for its trophy size muskellunge walleye bass and trout sits atop the defunct community of Monksville New Jersey. The lake is used by anglers sporting clubsthe Society for the Education of American Sailors (SEAS) and is the home of Highlands Rowing Center.
 Sorrow Galaxies is Mütiilation's fifth full-length album. Unlike most previous releases live drums were used on this recording.
 Guneh Qarshu (Persian: گونه قارشو‎ also Romanized as Gūneh Qārshū) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 11 families.
 Portrait Of Carrie is the fourth album by Carrie Lucas. Released in 1980 on the SOLAR Records label.
 The Drivetime is a 1995 science fiction film directed written and produced by the Finnish-born filmmaker Antero Alli.
 L'insegnante viene a casa (internationally released as The School Teacher in the House) is a 1978 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini. The film is the third chapter in the Schoolteacher film series and the last starred by Edwige Fenech in the title role.
 Clathrina hondurensis is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Belize.
 Long Hard Funky Dreams is the title of Scottish pop singer Mary Kiani's debut album and album track from it.The album was released on January 27 1997. It has long since been deleted and the catalogue number was 534 512-2.
 Exile Express is a 1939 American drama film directed by Otis Garrett and starring Anna Sten Alan Marshal and Jerome Cowan. After being wrongly implicated in the murder of her scientist boss by foreign agents a young immigrant woman is placed on board an exile express from California to New York City where she is to be deported from Ellis Island.
 Magnolia Manor is a postbellum manor located in Cairo Illinois located in Alexander County. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since December 17 1969.The house is operated as a Victorian period historic house museum by the Cairo Historical Association.
 Conguillío Lake is a lake located in the La Araucanía Region of Chile within the Conguillío National Park. The lake was formed by the damming of the Trufultruful River caused by a lava flow from the Llaima volcano.
 Llanharan House is a historic house on the outskirts of Llanharan Rhondda Cynon Taf Wales. It is located off the A473 road just east of Llanharan and is a Grade II* listed building.
 Beni Prasad Verma (born 11 February 1941) is an Indian politician and presently a member of the Indian National Congress political party. Earlier he was with Samajwadi Party of Mulayam Singh Yadav.
 Maids and Muslin is a 1920 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Mohamed Fawzi (5 March 1915 – February 2000) was an Egyptian general and politician who served as minister of defense.
 Richard Barnbrook (born 24 February 1961) is a British former politician and an ex-member of the London Assembly. He was elected as a British National Party (BNP) list candidate in the 2008 election though he resigned the BNP whip in August 2010 and subsequently sat as an independent. Barnbrook was a councillor and leader (2006–08) then deputy leader (2008–10) of the BNP group on Barking and Dagenham London Borough Council. He represented Goresbrook ward.
 Breedgreedbreed is the third album from Finnish metal band Misery Inc. released by Finnish record label Johanna Kustannus (Megamania) on October 10 2007. The album was recorded at Soundtrack Recording Studio & Monttu's by Mikko Herranen during May-July 2007. Album was mixed & produced by Mikko Herranen. Mastered by Svante Forsbäck at Chartmakers Oy.
 Global Underground 022: Melbourne is a DJ mix album in the Global Underground series compiled and mixed by Dave Seaman. The album peaked at #8 on the Billboard Top Electronic Albums chart.GU returns Down Under as Dave Seaman mans the controls.
 Gateh-ye Now (Persian: گته نو‎) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 11 families.
 Canciones De Mi Padre (Spanish for Songs Of My Father or My Father's Songs) is American singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt's first album of Mexican traditional Mariachi music. This album was deleted in 2013 - in the United States - after more than 25 years in print.
 Bapira (Persian: باپيرا‎ also Romanized as Bāpīrā) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 107 in 22 families.
 Pleasanton is a village in Buffalo County Nebraska United States. The population was 341 at the 2010 census. Pleasanton was once the terminus of the Omaha and Republican Valley Railway a Union Pacific line that ended in the 1940s.
 Akbarabad (Persian: اكبراباد‎ also Romanized as Akbarābād) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 450 in 108 families.
 Contes et nouvelles en vers (French: Tales and Novellae in Verse) is an anthology of various ribald short stories and novellae collected and versified by Jean de La Fontaine. Claude Barbin of Paris published the collection in 1665.La Fontaine drew from several French and Italian works of the 15th and 16th centuries among them The Decameron of Giovanni Boccaccio Ludovico Ariosto's Orlando Furioso Antoine de la Sale's collection Cent Nouvelles Nouvelles and the work of Bonaventure des Périers.
 Requiem is a 1982 Hungarian drama film directed by Zoltán Fábri. It was entered into the 32nd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement.
 Fare Thee Well Love is the second studio album by Canadian folk music group The Rankin Family. The album was originally self-released by the siblings in 1990. It was re-issued by Capitol Records in 1992 and certified 5× Platinum by the CRIA.
 House of Sand and Fog is a 1999 novel by Andre Dubus III. It was selected for Oprah's Book Club in 2000 and was a finalist for the National Book Award for Fiction. It was adapted into the 2003 film House of Sand and Fog.
 Staetherinia is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Angela Dorothea Merkel (German: [aŋˈɡeːla doʁoˈteːa ˈmɛʁkl̩] ; née Kasner; born 17 July 1954) is a German politician and a former research scientist who has been the Chancellor of Germany since 2005 and the leader of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) since 2000.
 Scinax flavoguttatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Bukeh Dar (Persian: بوكدر‎ also Romanized as Būkeh Dar) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 136 in 23 families.
 Bran Nue Dae is a feature film adaptation of 1990 musical Bran Nue Dae by Jimmy Chi. It was theatrically released in Australia on 14 January 2010.
 The Guaporé River (Rio Grande do Sul) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The National Theater is a historic theater in Richmond Virginia. Part of a city block along the 700 block of Broad Street once known as Theatre Row it is the only surviving auditorium of the row (the others now exist in facade only).The National Theater was built in 1923 originally staging both live entertainment (such as vaudeville shows) as well as motion-pictures.
 The Supramonte cave salamander (Speleomantes supramontis) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family endemic to the island of Sardinia (Italy).Its natural habitats are temperate forests rocky areas caves and subterranean habitats (other than caves).It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Porcu River is a tributary of the Bâsculița River in Romania.
 Étang de Bois Rouge is a lake in the city of St.André Réunion France. At an elevation of 1 m its surface area is 0.05 km².
 The Computer Museum was a Boston Massachusetts museum that opened in 1979 and operated in three different locations until 1999. It was once referred to as TCM and is sometimes called the Boston Computer Museum.
 Nice Work If You Can Get It is a 1983 studio album by Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by the pianist André Previn and the double bassist Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen.This was Fitzgerald's only album recorded with Previn and represented her first album of single composer material since her 1981 album Ella Abraça Jobim. Nice Work If You Can Get It was the last in a long line of collaborations that Fitzgerald made with predominantly jazz piano accompaniment.
 In Old Kentucky is a 1927 American silent drama film produced and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and directed by John M. Stahl. The film was based on the popular 1893 play of the same name by Charles T. Dazey and stars Helene Costello and James Murray. In Old Kentucky also features an early performance by Lincoln Perry who later became known as Stepin Fetchit.
 Jon E. Stanard is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives representing District 62 since January 1 2013. He lives in St. George Utah.
 Yoldia limatula or the file yoldia is a clam in the family Yoldiidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to New Jersey as well as along the Pacific coast from Alaska to San Diego.
 Camp Four in Fort Smith Montana was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Tolombeh-ye Rashkami (Persian: تلمبه رشكمي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Rashkamī) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Teagues Bay is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 The Old Boys' Network: A Headmaster's Diaries 1970–1986 is the 2009 autobiography by the late headmaster of Westminster School John Rae. It consists of the journal he kept for most of the period in which he was headmaster of Westminster School (1972– 1986) edited by him shortly before his death in December 2006 aged 75. It was published by Short Books on 2 April 2009. It was serialised as BBC Radio 4's Book of the Week from 30 March to 3 April 2009 read by Tim Pigott-Smith.
 Vojislav Stanimirović (born 19 August 1953) is a Croatian Serb politician and president of the Independent Democratic Serb Party. He currently serves as member of the Sabor.
 What's New!!! (subtitled Sonny Stitt Plays the Varitone) is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1966 and released on the Roulette label. The album represents Stitt's first recorded use of the varitone an electronic amplification device which altered the saxophone's sound.
 Judgment Day: My Years with Ayn Rand is a memoir by Nathaniel Branden that focuses on his relationship with his former mentor and lover Ayn Rand. It was originally published in 1989 and Branden released a revised version retitled as My Years with Ayn Rand in 1999.
 For the religious concept see Conceptions of God#EternityEternal God is an album of Christian worship music recorded by Don Moen in 1990. The Contemporary Christian album was recorded live at North Heights Lutheran Church Arden Hills Minnesota and released in 1990 by Integrity Hosanna! Music and Sparrow-Star Song. It peaked at #31 on the Billboard (magazine) charts for Top Contemporary Christian in 1997.
 Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters (2009) is a parody novel by Ben H. Winters with Jane Austen credited as co-author. It is a mashup story containing elements from Jane Austen's 1811 novel Sense and Sensibility and common tropes from sea monster stories. It is the thematic sequel to another 2009 novel from the same publisher called Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. It was first published by Quirk Books on September 15 2009.
 First Presbyterian Church of Natchez is a historic church at 117 S. Pearl Street in Natchez Mississippi. It was built in 1830 and added to the National Register in 1978. It also became a contributing property to the Natchez On-Top-of-the-Hill Historic District in 1979.
 Men of Maize (orig. Spanish title Hombres de maíz) is a 1949 novel by Guatemalan Nobel Prize in Literature winner Miguel Ángel Asturias. The novel is usually considered to be Asturias's masterpiece yet remains one of the least understood novels produced by Asturias. The title Hombres de maíz refers to the Maya Indians' belief that their flesh was made of corn. Its title originates in the Popol Vuh one of the sacred books of the Maya.
 Duh Darrehsi (Persian: دوه دره سي‎ also Romanized as Dūh Darrehsī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 53 in 9 families.
 Leptotrophon biocalae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Tao of Wu is the second philosophical book written by prominent Wu-Tang Clan member and principal producer RZA. It is a sequel to The Wu-Tang Manual.
 Vaughan Mills is a large shopping centre in Canada located at the southeast corner of Highway 400 and Rutherford Road in Vaughan Ontario about 32 km north of downtown Toronto. The mall is located adjacent to Canada's Wonderland. Vaughan Mills opened on November 4 2004 and was the first regional enclosed shopping complex in the Greater Toronto Area since the Erin Mills Town Centre opened in 1990.
 The fourth in an ongoing series of annual releases for members of the official Supersuckers fan club. Hey Ya is a cover of the OutKast song. The cover would prove to be so popular in concert the Supersuckers would eventually release a single version.
 Muffins is a 1997 cassette tape by Hoobastank (then known as Hoobustank) that is a very ska and funk themed release rather than their recognized post-grunge sound.
 Outside the Law (Spanish: Fuera de la ley) is a 1937 Argentine thriller film directed and written by Manuel Romero. The film premiered on 12 May 1940 in the United States. The film starred José Gola Luis Arata Roberto Blanco and Irma Córdoba
 Santa Barbara Honeymoon is the tenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released in 1975.
 Gordon Francis Joseph Osbaldeston PC CC (born April 29 1930) is a former Canadian civil servant.Born in Hamilton Ontario he received a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Toronto in 1952 and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Western Ontario in 1953. He was the Gold Medalist at St. Michaels College the University of Toronto and the Gold Medalist at the Ivey School of Business University of Western Ontario.
 Ivan Scalfarotto (born 16 August 1965) is an Italian politician and activist committed to LGBT rights. He was nominated to the national leadership of the center-left in the primary elections of The Union in 2005 and since 2009 is the vice president of the Democratic Party. He has been elected in the Chamber of Deputies after the 2013 general election.
 Rustai Sahab Vazamel (Persian: روستائ صاحب وزامل‎ also Romanized as Rūstā'i Şāḥab Vazāmel) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 64 in 9 families.
 Dziurków [ˈd͡ʑurkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec nad Wisłą within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Solec nad Wisłą 5 km (3 mi) east of Lipsko and 129 km (80 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Serra de Montsant is a mountain chain in Catalonia Spain. It is part of the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range. The main peaks are Roca Corbatera (1163 m) Piló dels Senyalets (1109 m) and la Cogulla (1063 m).The Montsant mountain range is a natural park.This mountain region gives its name to the Montsant wine-producing area.
 Lamoria eumeces is a species of snout moths in the genus Lamoria. It was described by Turner in 1913. It is found in Australia.
 Acromyrmex landolti is a species of leaf-cutter ant a New World ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae of the genus Acromyrmex. This species is from one of the two genera of advanced attines (fungus-growing ants) within the tribe Attini.
 Dance Madness is a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by Robert Z. Leonard based upon a script by Frederica Sagor. The film starred Claire Windsor Conrad Nagel and Hedda Hopper. Dance Madness is now considered lost.According to the credited screenwriter Frederica Sagor Dance Madness was patently a rewrite of The Guardsman a work by Ferenc Molnár that was later directly adapted for film. Sagor notes the screenplay was not written by her but by Alice D.G.
 The Ringgold County Courthouse in Mount Ayr Iowa United States was built in 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Trauma of Birth (German: Das Trauma der Geburt) is a 1924 book by Otto Rank first published in English translation in 1929. It was the beginning of a series of books in which Rank argued that birth is an interruption of blissful uterine life from which people spend the rest of their lives trying to recover. Sigmund Freud read the manuscript and seems initially to have welcomed the book even writing to Rank to tell him that he would accept its dedication to him.
 Alternate Presidents is a 1992 Tor alternate history anthology edited by Mike Resnick. Each story is by a different author and presents a scenario where an individual becomes President of the United States in a way that did not occur in real life.
 The Men in My Life is a 1988 studio album by Lena Horne featuring Horne in duet with Joe Williams and Sammy Davis Jr..At the 31st Grammy Awards Horne was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Performance - Female for her performance on this album.
 Tokugawa Yoshinao (徳川 義直 January 2 1601 – June 5 1650) was a Japanese daimyo of the early Edo period.
 The Karmanasa River (Hindi: कर्मनाशा नदी) is a tributary of the Ganges. It originates in Kaimur district of Bihar and flows through the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. Along the boundary between Uttar Pradesh and Bihar it has the districts of Sonbhadra Chandauli Varanasi and Ghazipur on its left (UP side); and the districts of Kaimur and Buxar on its right (Bihar side).
 Cethegus elegans is a species of spider in the genus Cethegus found in Queensland.
 St Faith under St Paul’s in Castle Baynard Ward was an unusual parish within the City of London. It had been physically removed in 1256 to allow for the eastern expansion of the Old St Paul's Cathedral. Until the reign of Edward VI the parishioners worshipped at the end of the west crypt under St Paul’s Quire. The well known diarist of the Long Parliament Sir Simonds D'Ewes attended the wedding of his father Paul and his stepmother Lady Elizabeth Denton in St. Faith's under St.
 H*Commerce: The Business of Hacking You is a six-part online documentary film series directed by Seth Gordon. It centers on the struggle between criminal hackers and security experts. Each segment is between five and eight minutes in length. The first was released on the Internet on May 20 2009.H*Commerce stands for hacker commerce specifically the business of making money through the illegal use of technology to compromise personal and business data according to McAfee.
 Sex with an X is the second studio album by the Scottish alternative rock band The Vaselines which was released on 14 September 2010 on Sub Pop.The first single from the album I Hate The 80's was released on 10 June 2010. The second single the title track Sex with an X was released on 24 August 2010 with a B-Side entitled Roaster while the third single Mouth To Mouth was released on Valentine's Day 14 February 2011.
 Porthecla ravus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Amazon Basin and southern Brazil.The length of the forewings is 14.5 mm for males and 13.6 mm for females. Adults are on wing year-round. They feed on the nectar of Cordia schomburgkii.
 Blacktop Passages is a literary magazine published in the United States since 2013. It is completely non-profit published by the founding editors with support from public donations. It is currently edited by Thomas John Nudi Christopher Cartright Ryan Cheng and Zachary Lundgren.
 The New Hampshire Governor's Mansion known as Bridges House is the official residence of the Governor of New Hampshire and the governor's family. Bridges House located in Concord the capital of New Hampshire has served as the governor's official residence since 1969. Bridges House was built by Charles Graham about 1836. Styles Bridges governor of New Hampshire (1935–36) and U.S. senator for 25 years thereafter lived here from 1946 until his death.
 Scott Dianda is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives first elected in 2012. His district consists of Baraga Gogebic Houghton Iron Keweenaw and Ontonagon counties as well as Powell and Ishpeming Townships in Marquette County.
 Johnson Paulo Mathias Mwanyika is a former Attorney General of Tanzania having previously held the offices of Deputy Attorney General and Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Justice and Constitutional Affairs. He was appointed in December 2005 succeededing Andrew Chenge who left the post after ten years to become an MP.In September 2008 Mwanyika was implicated in the Richmond electricity generation scandal.
 The Rovina River is a tributary of the Holod River in Romania.
 Mirror Lake is a mountain lake in Clackamas County of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is located at the foot of Tom Dick and Harry Mountain in a natural catchment formed by a toe of the mountain 11.4 kilometres (7.1 mi) southwest of Mount Hood and 3.1 kilometres (1.9 mi) WSW of Government Camp within Mount Hood National Forest.It is among the most popular day hikes in the Mount Hood area and a popular Nordic skiing destination.
 The Château de Pibrac is a converted 16th century castle in the commune of Pibrac in the Haute-Garonne département of France. It was rebuilt in 1540 to replace the old manor house. The architect appears to be Dominique Bachelor. During the Revolution in 1794 the sculptures were smashed and the tops of the towers destroyed. It was restored with alterations in 1887.The red brick structure privately owned has been listed since 1932 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Arreton Manor is a manor house in Arreton Isle of Wight England. Its history is traced to 872 AD to the time of King Alfred the Great and his parents. Once owned by William the Conqueror as mentioned in the Domesday Book in 1086 in the 12th century it became part of Quarr Abbey and was used by the monks for over 400 years. In 1525 it was leased to the Leigh family. The manor was rebuilt between 1595 and 1612. Built in Jacobean style it is in the shape of a H.
 Spring Bank Farm is a large house built in 1880 near Frederick Maryland in the small community of Harmony Grove. The house combines Gothic Revival and Italianate architecture. The house retains much of its historic detailing and interior fabric as well as a number of outbuildings.
 An Caisteal is a Scottish mountain situated six kilometres south of the village of Crianlarich in the Stirling Council area.
 Patrick Johnston is the current vice-chancellor and President of Queen's University Belfast. He took office on March 1 2014. He is also a leading expert in cancer research with a global reputation.
 Nannocharax is a genus of distichodontid fishes found in Africa.
 Locastra is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1859.
 Punisher: In the Blood is a five-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. The Punisher will face in the final battle against Jigsaw. The series was released in 2010 written by Rick Remender.
 Dimitrie Brătianu (1818–1892) was the Prime Minister of Romania from 22 April to 21 June 1881 and Minister of Foreign Affairs from April 10 1881 until June 8 1881. He was the older brother of Ion C. Brătianu.
 Neofriseria kuznetzovae is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Moldova Ukraine and Russia (the southern Ural and southern Siberia: Altai Tuva and Tomsk oblast).
 The Weeping of a Thousand Years is the second full length album by Deinonychus. It was released in July 1996 on Cacophonous Records.
 Guillaume Bresse (February 2 1833 – January 30 1892) was a Canadian shoe manufacturer and politician.
 Each One Teach One is the second album by American reggae band Groundation. The album was released July 31 2001 on Young Tree Records.
 Frank and Anna Hunter House also known as Pocohontas County Museum is a historic home located at Marlinton Pocahontas County West Virginia. It was built in 1903 and is a two-story square frame dwelling. The house has a hipped roof with dormers and crowned with a captain's walk. The front elevation features Victorian-Gothic icing ornamentation. Also on the property is a log cabin built about 1850 and moved to the property from nearby Beards Mountain.
 Cousins House in Newberry South Carolina was built in 1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The American Thread Building is a historic building located at 260 West Broadway (Manhattan) West Broadway in the TriBeCa neighborhood in lower Manhattan New York NY. The eleven story building was designed in the renaissance revival style by architect William B. Tubby and built in 1896.
 Lydia Dmitrievna Gromyko (Лидия Дмитриевна ГРИНЕВИЧ; née Grinevich; 1911 – 2004) was the wife of Soviet leader Andrey Gromyko (1909-1989). From 1985 to 1988 she was the First Lady of the Soviet Union.
 Novotel Century Hong Kong (Chinese: 世紀香港酒店) is a 4-star hotel in Hong Kong. It is located at 238 Jaffe Road at the junction of Jaffe Road and Steward Road in Wan Chai.Novotel Century Hong Kong is a convention and business hotel located close to the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre. It is equipped with business and meeting facilities three restaurants a bar health club swimming pool sauna and a range of leisure facilities.
 Stomatosuchidae is an extinct family of neosuchian crocodylomorphs. It is defined as the most inclusive clade containing Stomatosuchus inermis but not Notosuchus terrestris Simosuchus clarki Araripesuchus gomesii Baurusuchus pachecoi Peirosaurus torminni or Crocodylus niloticus. Two genera are known to belong to Stomatosuchidae: Stomatosuchus the type genus and Laganosuchus. Fossils have been found from Egypt Morocco and Niger.
 Deh-e Molla (Persian: ده ملا‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Mollā and Deh Mollā) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Khecheopalri Lake originally known as Kha-Chot-Palri (meaning the heaven of Padmasambhava) is a sacred Lake for both Buddhists and Hindus which is believed to be a wish fulfilling lake. It is located near Khecheopalri village 147 kilometres (91 mi) west of Gangtok and 34 kilometres (21 mi) to the northwest of Pelling town in the West Sikkim district of the Northeastern Indian state of Sikkim. The local name for the lake is Sho Dzo Sho which means Oh Lady Sit Here.
 Rive-Sud Express is a free French-language weekly tabloid newspaper based in Boucherville Quebec Canada. The newspaper is distributed to 145000 homes in cities of Boucherville Longueuil (boroughs of Le Vieux-Longueuil Saint-Hubert and Greenfield Park) Brossard and Saint-Lambert. Rive-Sud Express is owned by Transcontinental Media the same owners of various other regional weekly newspapers across Quebec.
 Odostomia eyerdami is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Burwood One (formerly known as Kmart Plaza and originally Kmart Burwood) is a sub regional shopping centre located in the eastern suburb of Burwood East in the city of Melbourne Australia. Owned and managed by Fitzroys the centre is the site of the first Kmart to be built in Australia opening on 30 April 1969. The site originally consisted of the primary Kmart discount department store and an integrated Kmart Food supermarket.
 A December to Remember is a Christmas album released by country music artist Aaron Tippin. The album is his first Christmas album and it includes a mix of original songs and covers. Tippin's rendition of Jingle Bell Rock charted on the Hot Country Songs charts in late 2001.
 Riverfront Towers is an apartment/condominium complex of three luxury high rise residential skyscrapers along the International Riverfront in Detroit Michigan United States. Each Riverfront Tower creates an ascending tier of three towers.
 Gamiani or Two Nights of Excess (French: Gamiani ou deux nuits d'excès) is a French erotic novel first published in 1833. Its authorship is anonymous but it is believed to have been written by Alfred de Musset and the lesbian eponymous heroine a portrait of his lover George Sand. It became a bestseller among nineteenth century erotic literature.The novel was illustrated with unsigned lithographs whose authorship remains unknown.
 Texas Lady is a 1955 film made by RKO Radio Pictures directed by Tim Whelan and starring Claudette Colbert Barry Sullivan and Ray Collins. It tells the story of a female publisher who encounters injustice and violence in a Texas town.
 The Ormonde Apartment Building is a building located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Gay Crusader (1914–1932) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who won a wartime version of the English Triple Crown in 1917. In a career which lasted from September 1916 and October 1917 he ran ten times and won eight races including his last seven in succession. In addition to his three Classic wins he defeated older horses in the Newmarket Gold Cup and the Champion Stakes. Because of wartime restrictions all of his races were at Newmarket Racecourse.
 A Gypsy Good Time is a 1992 noir detective novel by Vietnam veteran Gustav Hasford and the last novel he completed before his death in 1993 at age 45. It is written in the style of classic hardboiled detective fiction and was poorly received by book critics at the time for making too much use of the cliches of the genre.
 The Grudge is an album released by Mortiis. It was recorded at Silvertone Studios in Fredrikstad Norway in 2003-2004 and released in 2004.The artwork was done by Jean Sebastian Rossbach of the Living Rope Design.
 The Abolition of Man is a 1943 book by C. S. Lewis. It is subtitled Reflections on education with special reference to the teaching of English in the upper forms of schools and uses that as a starting point for a defense of objective value and natural law and a warning of the consequences of doing away with or debunking those things.
 Brattleboro Memorial Hospital the Hospital in Brattleboro Vermont.Brattleboro Memorial Hospital is a community hospital which has been serving greater Brattleboro and the tri-state area since 1904. The BMH Medical Staff claims to employ more than 100 board-certified physicians active in both primary care and many specialties.[citation needed]
 Flyingbolt was a famous racehorse. Officially he is the second best National Hunt racehorse of all time after Arkle but he is not nearly as well known as his rival. Flyingbolt's racing career was dogged by illness and injury but at his best he was a horse of the highest class.
 The Blarney Stone (also known as The Blarney Kiss) is a 1933 British comedy film directed by and starring Tom Walls. It also features Anne Grey Robert Douglas Zoe Palmer and Peter Gawthorne. A penniless Irishman becomes the business partner of an English aristocrat with a penchant for high-stakes gambling.
 Radunia (German: Geiersberg) is a mountain in the Ślęża Masiff. Its height is 573 meters. It lies in Góra Radunia Landscape Park.The mountain located in Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Reeds Millpond is a 10-acre (40000 m2) pond in Kingston Massachusetts. The pond is located on Route 27 northwest of the intersection with Winter Street and Reed Street north of Pembroke Street South Pond south of Lower Chandler Pond and southwest of Pine Street Pond. Pine Brook a tributary of the Jones River flows through the pond. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish in the pond.
 Firuzabad Teacher Centre (Persian: مركزتربيت معلم فيروزاباد‎ – Markaz-e Terbīt Mo‘alam-e Fīrūzābād) is a village and teacher centre in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Firuzabad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 8 families.
 Tseng Yung-fu (Chinese: 曾勇夫; pinyin: Zēng Yǒngfū) is a politician in the Republic of China. He was the Minister of Justice of the Executive Yuan in 22 March 2010 - 6 September 2013.
 Victor Kennedy (Vic) Copps (March 21 1919 – October 15 1988) was a Canadian politician and Mayor of Hamilton.Born in Haileybury Ontario he enlisted in the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II following which he worked in Timmins Ontario for a local newspaper. In 1945 he moved to Hamilton to become a sports broadcaster on CHML. He entered local politics in 1960 winning a seat on the Board of Control and becoming deputy Mayor. He ran for Mayor in 1962 defeating the incumbent.
 Hercule Poirot's Christmas is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 19 December 1938 (although the first edition is copyright dated 1939). It retailed at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6).It was published in US by Dodd Mead and Company in February 1939 under the title of Murder for Christmas. This edition retailed at $2.00. A paperback edition in the US by Avon books in 1947 changed the title again to A Holiday for Murder.
 Crown Street Women's Hospital (now-closed) was once the largest maternity hospital in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It was located at 351 Crown Street (corner of Crown and Albion Streets) Surry Hills.The hospital was one of several stand-alone maternity hospitals in Sydney none of which remain. It opened in 1893 and was closed in 1983. During its 90 year life it trained hundreds of midwives and doctors and was a teaching hospital of the University of Sydney.
 Hyperopisus bebe is a species of elephantfish in the family Mormyridae. It is the only species in its genus and is divided into two sub-species. This species is known from the rivers of northern Africa. It reaches a length of 51 cm.
 The Bruno's casque-headed frog (Aparasphenodon brunoi) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 If On a Winter's Night ... is the ninth studio album from British musician Sting.
 The Sunda Frogmouth (Batrachostomus cornutus) is a species of bird typically placed in the family Podargidae of the order Caprimulgiformes. But recent research suggests that the old order Podargiformes should be re-established wherein like its closest relatives it might be better placed in a distinct family Batrachostomidae.It is found in Brunei Indonesia and Malaysia where it occurs on Borneo and Sumatra.
 The Circle was a lesbian journal collectively produced by the Sisters for Homophile Equality (SHE) in Wellington New Zealand between December 1973 and 1977.
 Worth the Fighting For is a 2002 book by United States Senator John McCain with Mark Salter. Published by Random House it is part autobiography part mini-biographies of others.The book picks up where McCain's first memoir Faith of My Fathers left off with his return to the United States following his release as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam. The first part briefly covers the balance of his final years in the Navy until his 1981 retirement.
 Aristaea pavoniella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Germany and Poland to Italy as well as central and southern Russia.The wingspan is 8–10 mm.The larvae feed on Aster alpinus Aster amellus and Aster bellidiastrum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts with a very shallow lower-surface corridor continuing as a large full depth tentiform mine. The upper surface shows a distinct keel.
 Deadly Desire is a 1991 made-for-TV thriller film directed by Charles Corell and starring Jack Scalia Kathryn Harrold and Will Patton.
 The J.R.R. Tolkien Encyclopedia subtitled Scholarship and Critical Assessment edited by Michael D.C. Drout was published by Routledge in 2006 (ISBN 978-0415969420). A team of 127 Tolkien scholars on 720 pages covers topics of Tolkien's fiction his academic works his intellectual and spiritual influences and his biography. Co-editors were Douglas A. Anderson and Verlyn Flieger (both Drout's co-editors also of Tolkien Studies) Marjorie Burns and Tom Shippey.
 Arthur Edward Moore CMG (9 February 1876 – 7 January 1963) was an Australian politician. He was the Country and Progressive National Party Premier of Queensland from 1929 to 1932. He was the only Queensland Premier not to come from the ranks of the Labor Party between 1915 and 1957.
 Smothered Covered & Chunked is a cover studio album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse. Released August 14 2012 the same day as The Mighty Death Pop! and Freaky Tales. It was prepackaged with the Red Pop variant edition of The Mighty Death Pop! it is the group's fourth album with producer Mike E. Clark since his return to Psychopathic Records.
 Madiama nigroscitalis is a species of snout moths and the only species in the genus Madiama. It was described by Walker in 1864. It was described from Sierra Leone but the type is lost.
 Patti Fritz (born October 20 1944) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) she represents District 24B which includes all or portions of Dodge Rice and Steele counties in the southeastern part of the state. She is also a licensed practical nurse.
 Crash Landing (simplified Chinese: 紧急迫降; traditional Chinese: 緊急迫降; pinyin: Jǐnjí pòjiàng; literally emergency forced landing) is a 1999 Chinese thriller film directed by Zhang Jianya. A Shanghai Film Studio production Crash Landing follows the contours of many airplane disaster films such as the Airport series and stars Shao Bing Xu Fan and You Yong.
 The Church of the Condemnation and Imposition of the Cross is a Roman Catholic church located within the Franciscan compound that also contains the Church of the Flagellation in the old city of Jerusalem.
 Firefly is an album by American flautist Jeremy Steig recorded in 1977 and released on the CTI label.
 St. Joseph's Church and Parochial School is a historic church at 210 W. 13th and 217 W. 13th in Hays Kansas United States. It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register in 2008.
 William Edwin Dannemeyer (born September 22 1929) is a conservative American politician activist and author known for his criticism of homosexuality. He is currently honorary national chairman of Citizens For a Better America. He served as U.S. Representative from the 39th Congressional District of California from 1979 to 1993 during which time he along with friend and fellow Republican U.S. Rep. Robert K. Dornan came to personify Orange County conservatism.
 The fringed-lipped peninsula carp (Labeo fimbriatus) is a cyprinid fish in genus Labeo. It is listed in the global IUCN Red List of threatened species.
 Moncef Belkhayat (born 28 January 1970 in Rabat) is a Moroccan politician of the National Rally of Independents party. He served as the Minister of Youth and Sports in Abbas El Fassi's government in 2009.In 1988 he earned his High school diploma. In 1992 he graduated from the High Institute of Commerce and Business Administration (ISCAE). From 1992 to 1995 he served as a sales Rep for the group Procter & Gamble in Morocco.
 The Very Best of Dan Fogelberg is a 2001 compilation album by Dan Fogelberg released by Sony Records and contains 17 tracks.
 The Hawk is a 1935 American Western film directed by Edward Dmytryk. It was Dmytryk's debut film as a director.
 Queen of the Ocean released in 1999 is the seventh album by the American symphonic rock vocalist Lana Lane. Though Queen of the Ocean is Lana Lane's seventh album overall (by Japanese release) it is her fourth album release in the US.
 Rezső Nyers [ˈrɛʒøː ɲɛrʃ] (born 21 March 1923) is a former Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Finance between 1960 and 1962. For a few months in 1989 he was the country's last Communist leader.
 The St. Francis River Bridge near Madison in St. Francis County Arkansas United States is a bridge that was built in 1933 across the St. Francis River. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.The center of the bridge is capable of being swung with a hand-operated mechanism although it is likely that the swinging mechanism has never been used.
 Jalla! Jalla! is a 2000 Swedish comedy film directed by Josef Fares starring Fares Fares Torkel Petersson Tuva Novotny and Laleh Pourkarim as the main roles. Jalla! Jalla! is the debut film by Josef Fares and one of his most well-known. The film received eight nominations and won four including Best Film.“Jalla! Jalla!” means “Come on!” or “Hurry up!” in Arabic.
 Calliostoma filiareginae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Kombologion).
 The Teesta River (Pron:ti:ˈstə) or Tista (Nepali: टिष्टा Hindi टीस्ता Bengali তিস্তা) is said to be the lifeline of the Indian state of Sikkim flowing for almost the entire length of the state and carving out verdant Himalayan temperate and tropical river valleys. The river then forms the border between Sikkim and West Bengal before joining the Brahmaputra as a tributary in Bangladesh. The total length of the river is 309 km (192 mi) It drains an area of 12540 km².
 Health Psychology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. The journal is devoted to understanding the scientific relations among psychological factors behavior and physical health and illness. The current editor-in-chief is Anne E. Kazak (Children's Hospital of Philadelphia).
 Janissaries is a novel by science fiction author Jerry Pournelle. It was originally published in 1979 and was illustrated by comic artist Bermejo. The novel is the first book of Pournelle's Janissaries series. The following books are Janissaries II: Clan and Crown and Janissaries III: Storms of Victory.Like King David's Spaceship a novel in Pournelle's CoDominium Series it is the story of a capable military leader undertaking campaigns on a backward planet.
 Mary Czaja (born September 25 1963) is an American businesswoman and politician.A graduate of Tomahawk High School and University of Wisconsin–River Falls Czaja is the owner of CIS Insurance Group in Tomahawk Wisconsin. In November 2012 Czaja was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly as a Republican.
 Molly Moon's Hypnotic Time-Travel Adventure is the third book in the best-selling series by Georgia Byng. It is part of a series the first book being Molly Moon's Incredible Book of Hypnotism
 Biological Procedures Online is a peer-reviewed biomedical protocols journal that is open access and published online only. Biological Procedures Online publishes protocols in research techniques and applications of existing techniques; validity analysis of research methods and approaches for judging the validity of research reports; hypothesis development and experimental design; application of common research methods; and reviews of techniques. The editor of the journal is Shulin Li.
 The Supreme Court Building in San Juan Puerto Rico is a Modern Movement-style building from 1955. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2006.It is a concrete building designed by Puerto Rican firm Toro-Ferrer with design consultation by Charles H. Warner Jr. and Harold Eliot Leeds. The building projects over a reflecting pool helping it to blend with the park surroundings in Luis Munoz Rivera Park.The court building was opened in 1956 with U.S.
 The Afon Tarell is a river in Powys Wales which rises to the west of the Brecon Beacons in Brecon Beacons National Park and flows north then north-east for 12 miles (20 km) into the River Usk.The river is followed for its entire length through Glyn Tarell (the Tarell valley) by the A470 road passing by the hamlets of Libanus and Tai'r Bull and entering the Usk at Llanfaes on the southern edge of Brecon.
 The Slaty-tailed Trogon Trogon massena is a near passerine bird in the trogon family Trogonidae. It breeds in lowlands from southeastern Mexico south through Central America to Colombia and a small region of northwestern Ecuador.It is a resident of the canopy and higher levels of damp tropical forests but comes lower in adjacent semi-open areas.
 Quiet Nights is the tenth studio album by Canadian jazz singer-songwriter and pianist Diana Krall released on March 31 2009 by Verve Records. The album marks Krall's first work with arranger Claus Ogerman since 2002's Live in Paris and her first studio work with Ogerman since 2001's The Look of Love.
 Dahira nili is a moth of the Sphingidae family which is endemic to China.It is similar to Dahira taiwana but the forewing upperside has a stronger and more contrasting pattern of transverse lines with diffuse pale yellow patches in the distal half and in the orange colour of the hindwing upperside being restricted to a large central patch surrounded by very dark brown on all sides.
 Thunder on the Hill is a 1951 mystery drama film directed by Douglas Sirk. The picture was made by Universal International Pictures and produced by Michael Kraike from a screenplay by Oscar Saul and Andrew Solt based on the play Bonaventure by Charlotte Hastings. The music score was by Hans J. Salter and the cinematography by William H. Daniels.The film stars Claudette Colbert and Ann Blyth with Robert Douglas Gladys Cooper Michael Pate John Abbott and Norma Varden.
 The Church of St Mark Reading is an Anglican church in Cranbury Road Reading Berkshire. It is part of the parish of St. Mark and All Saints Reading which includes All Saints' Church.
 The City and Territory Museum is a museum in Vetralla Lazio central Italy. It was founded in 1992 by Enrico Guidoni and Elisabetta De Minicis. It is located where part of northern walls of Vetralla used to be.
 This article is about Pinnacle Rock a mountain peak in Farmington Connecticut. For other landforms by the same name see Pinnacle (disambiguation).Pinnacle Rock 600 feet (180 m) is a traprock mountain peak located 10 miles (16 km) southwest of Hartford Connecticut in the towns of Farmington and Plainville.
 Hepialiscus monticola is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Taiwan.
 Theodore Johnson is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He was born in Georgia to William Edward and Mary (née Collins) Johnson.
 Tatary [taˈtarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica within Nidzica County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Nidzica and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Cabinet is the debut album of the Swedish death metal band Spawn of Possession.
 Ho Fook alias Ho Chak-sang JP (30 November 1863 – 29 August 1926) was a Hong Kong prominent Eurasian compradore and philanthropist.
 Pornoise/Extra is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow featuring tracks not including in the box set Pornoise/1kg. The track titles refer to the physical characteristics of the Buddha. It was issued several times with different artwork and variations of the title.It was included in the Merzbox in 2000 with different track titles.
 Hyposmocoma enixa is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai. The type locality is Kaholuamano where it was collected on an altitude of 4000 feet.
 Schizosthetus is a genus of mites in the family Parasitidae.
 Chettayees: Lovable Rascals is a 2012 Malayalam comedy film written by Sachi and directed by Shajoon Kariyal. The film is produced under the banner of Thakkaali Films a production house launched by a group of friends – actors Biju Menon and Suresh Krishna cinematographer P. Sukumar scenarist Sachi and director Shajoon Kariyal.The film tells the story of friendship.
 Adetomyrma venatrix is an endangered species of ants endemic to Madagascar. Workers of this species are blind. The species was described as the type species of Adetomyrma in 1994 with the genus being an atypical member of its tribe.
 Varmiyeh (Persian: ورميه‎ also Romanized as Varmīyeh; also known as Varmīneh and Vīrmeh) is a village in Masal Rural District in the Central District of Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 307 in 86 families.
 Farewell My Love is a 2001 action film by Randall Fontana starring Gabrielle Fitzpatrick Phillip Rhys and Robert Culp.
 The Alamosa River is a river in the southern part of the U.S. state of Colorado. It is about 64 miles (103 km) long flowing roughly east through the San Luis Valley. Its watershed comprises about 148 square miles (380 km2).The river's name means shaded with cottonwoods in Spanish.The river was affected by the Summitville mine disaster the worst cyanide spill in United States history.
 Ella Fitzgerald's Christmas is a 1967 studio album by Ella Fitzgerald. This was her second and last Christmas album. Unlike her previous Christmas album (which was almost completely secular) this album consisted of only religious Christmas songs. It was her second album for Capitol Records the album charted at #27 on Billboard's Holiday Albums chart.
 The Warped Ones (狂熱の季節 Kyonetsu no kisetsu aka Season of Heat Wild Love-Makers and The Weird Lovemakers) is a 1960 Japanese Sun Tribe film directed by Koreyoshi Kurahara and starring Tamio Kawachi Eiji Go Yuko Chishiro and Noriko Matsumoto. It was produced and distributed by the Nikkatsu Company.
 The Far Pavilions is an epic novel of British-Indian history by M. M. Kaye first published in 1978 which tells the story of an English officer during the British Raj. The novel rooted deeply in the romantic epics of the 19th century has been hailed as a masterpiece of storytelling. It is based partly on biographical writings of the author's grandfather as well as her knowledge of and childhood experiences in India.
 Pierson is a community located in the Rural Municipality of Edward in southwestern Manitoba. It has a current population of about 250 people though this number is in flux due to the large number of oil workers working in the area.Pierson is home to the Carnival of Crafts which averages an attendance of 1700 people. This event takes place at the Edward Sports Center on the first Saturday in October.
 Jerome Joseph Jerry Shestack (February 11 1923 – August 18 2011) was a Philadelphia lawyer and human rights advocate active in Democratic Party politics who served as president of the American Bar Association (ABA) from 1997 to 1998. He chaired the International League for Human Rights for twenty years and was appointed the United States Ambassador to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights from 1979 to 1980 by President Jimmy Carter.
 Westminster & 5th was released in 2007 and is the fifth studio album by Beowülf and the first since 2¢ (1995) and the subsequent hiatus of the band. The sound and playing on Westminster & 5th is reminiscent of Beowülf's first two albums: Beowülf (1986) and Lost My Head... (1988).
 Carl E. Seel (born July 14 1969 in Maryland) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Arizona House of Representatives representing District 20 since January 14 2013. Seel served consecutively from January 2009 until January 14 2013 in the District 6 seat.
 The Strand Theater is an abandoned neighborhood movie theater located at 5129–5131 Nannie Helen Burroughs Avenue Northeast Washington D.C. in the Deanwood neighborhood.
 Czesław Kiszczak [ˈt͡ʂɛswaf ˈkiʂt͡ʂak] (born 19 October 1925) was a Polish communist-era soldier and Communist politician. A member of the PPR and later the Polish United Workers' Party (PZPR) during the years of the Polish People's Republic he served as a high-ranking officer of the Polish Army a chief of secret services and Minister of Internal Affairs (MSW) between 1981 and 1990 during the years of Martial Law in Poland.
 Calafquén Lake (Mapudungun: Lake like a sea) is a lake of Chile which straddles the border between the La Araucanía Region and Los Ríos Region. It is one of the Seven Lakes and forms part of the drainage basin of the Valdivia River.The Villarrica Volcano is situated in the vicinity north of the lake.
 Niaz Ali (Persian: نيازعلي‎ also Romanized as Nīāz ‘Alī; also known as Rūstā-ye Shahīd Naz̧arpūr and Shahīd Kheyrollāh-e Nazarpūr) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nassarius erythraeus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Freaks Faggots Drunks and Junkies is the fourth studio album by transgressive punk rock musician GG Allin. A collaboration with backing band Bulge the LP was first released by Homestead Records in 1988.Critic Steve Huey said about the album: Allin's entire output ranks as perhaps the worst music ever recorded; this is its clearest expression. [1]
 Meirim River is a river of Alagoas state in eastern Brazil.
 Split Wide Open is a 1999 Indian film and is Dev Benegal's second feature film after English August. The film primarily deals with the Water conflicts in the slums of Bombay and paedophilia and also looks at the subversive sexuality in modern India and how the notions of morality are challenged when sex and poverty collide. The film came under harsh criticism when released in India and has been one of the most controversial Indian films.
 Three Girls from Rome (Italian: Le ragazze di Piazza Spagna released as Girls of the Spanish Steps in the UK) is a 1952 Italian classic comedy drama film directed by Luciano Emmer
 Véronique et son cancre (Veronique and Her Dunce) is a short comedy film by Éric Rohmer which he directed before his series of Six Moral Tales (Contes moraux).
 Bark Along with The Young Snakes is The Young Snakes only EP released in 1982.
 Cathedral of the Rockies also known as Cathedral of the Rockies First United Methodist Church is a United Methodist cathedral located in the historic North End district of Boise Idaho United States of America.
 Khiladi (English: Player) is a 1992 Bollywood suspense thriller film directed by Abbas Mustan. The film was Akshay Kumar's breakthrough role and also stars Ayesha Jhulka Deepak Tijori Sabeeha. While Prem Chopra Shakti Kapoor Anant Mahadevan and Johnny Lever played supporting roles. Khiladi was the first installment in the Khiladi (film series) which had Khiladi in the title and Akshay Kumar in the leading role.
 Medicine Lake Volcano is a large shield volcano in northeastern California about 30 miles (50 km) northeast of Mount Shasta. The volcano is located in a zone of east-west crustal extension east of the main axis of the Cascade Volcanic Arc and the Cascade Range. The 0.6-mile (1 km) thick shield is 22 miles (35 km) from east to west and 28 to 31 miles (45 to 50 km) from north to south and covers more than 770 square miles (2000 km2).
 Night Shift is a 1982 American comedy film one of former actor Ron Howard's earliest directorial efforts. It stars Howard's Happy Days co-star Henry Winkler along with Michael Keaton in his first starring role and Shelley Long who later in the year would star as Diane Chambers in the popular sitcom Cheers. Also appearing are Richard Belzer and (as usual for Ron Howard films his brother) Clint Howard.
 The North Pole by Submarine is the first and only album released by ambient techno artist Bleep. Bleep was the one-time moniker of Geir Jenssen who is more widely known as Biosphere.
 Blood Blockade Battlefront known in Japan as Kekkai Sensen (血界戦線 lit. Bloodline Battlefront) is a manga by Yasuhiro Nightow published bimonthly in the magazine Jump SQ.19. It is published in the United States by Dark Horse Comics. It centers around the crime fighting organization Libra and their battles in Jerusalem's Lot formerly known as New York City.
 This film is not to be confused with the very popular Russian Song Moscow NightsMoscow Nights is a 1935 British drama film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Laurence Olivier Penelope Dudley-Ward and Harry Baur. During the First World War a wounded Russian officer Captain Ignatoff falls in love with his nurse. In the United States it was known under the alternative title of I Stand Condemned.
 The Pârâul Sălcii is a tributary of the Șugag River in Romania.
 The Debla River is a river in the Pădurea Craiului Mountains of Romania. It ends in the Gălăşani Cave and continues its flow underground through the cave. It emerges near the village of Josani through various small springs which flow into the lower reach of the Dobrineşti River.
 Heterabraxas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Long Phú is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Tân Châu District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by Danish percussion duo Safri Duo released on 21 June 2010. It is released nearly ten years after Safri Duo scored an international hit single with Played-A-Live (The Bongo Song) in 2001 which became the fourth fastest selling single ever in Europe selling over 1.5 million copies worldwide. The compilation album contains songs from the duo's three commercial studio albums Episode II (2001) 3.0 (2003) and Origins (2008).
 The pygmy lanternshark Etmopterus fusus is a shark of the family Etmopteridae found in the eastern Indian Ocean from northern Western Australia and possibly Java at depths of between 430 and 550 m. Its length is up to 26 cm.Reproduction is ovoviviparous.
 Subangdaku River is a river situated in Sogod Southern Leyte. It is the town's biggest river lying on the center part of the area that drains to the Sogod Bay. From the name itself in Cebuano means big river or wide riverFor years following the floodings of the river it created an issue over the province. It has been quarried and rechanneled which caused the incidents. After many attempts the issue remained unsolved.
 The Davenport House is a hotel currently known as the Bauer Manor. It is located at 1280 U.S. Route 12 (known locally as Michigan Avenue) near the unincorporated community of Tipton in Franklin Township in northern Lenawee County Michigan.
 Scopula jejuna is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
 Parwane is a Bollywood action film released in 1993 starring Avinash Wadhavan Siddharth Shilpa Shirodkar and Paresh Rawal.The story is written by Tanveer Khan and music is composed by Anand-Milind
 Zachary Wyatt (born October 7 1984) is an American politician from the state of Missouri. A Republican Wyatt was a one-term member of the Missouri House of Representatives from the 2nd District encompassing Adair county Putnam county and a part of Sullivan county. In May 2012 Representative Wyatt became at that time the nation's only openly gay Republican legislator. He came out during a press conference in the Missouri Capitol while opposing the Don't Say Gay bill.
 Oh! My Three Guys is a 1994 Hong Kong comedy drama film directed by Derek Chiu and starring Eric Kot Lau Ching Wan and Dayo Wong. The film tells the story of three gay young men portrayed by Kot Lau and Wong.
 Eurypteridae are an extinct family of eurypterids. They were members of the superfamily Eurypteroidea.
 Arise: The Worship Legacy of Don Moen is a Contemporary Christian EP of Worship music by Don Moen. The EP was released exclusively through online digital music stores such as iTunes and Amazon.com on September 26 2006 by Integrity Hosanna! Music Columbia and Sony. It contains two songs from Thank You Lord and two songs from Hiding Place.
 William Henry Trescot (November 10 1822 – May 4 1898) was an American diplomatist born in Charleston South Carolina on the November 10 1822. He graduated at College of Charleston in 1840 studied law at Harvard University and was admitted to the bar in 1843. From 1852 to 1854 he was secretary of the U.S. legation in London.
 Robert Kennedy & His Times is a 1985 American television miniseries directed by Marvin J. Chomsky. The miniseries was released in three parts and depicts the life of Robert F. Kennedy.
 FlyPast is a magazine published monthly edited by Nigel Price. The magazine started as a bi-monthly edition in May/June 1981 and its first editor was the late Mike Twite. It is owned by Key Publishing Ltd of Stamford Lincolnshire and the magazine's main former editor until 2010 was Ken Ellis.
 One Day at HorrorLand is the sixteenth children's horror novella in the Goosebumps series by R. L. Stine. It was adapted into a two-part episode for the television series which was later released on VHS and DVD. A comic adaptation of the book was included in the graphic novel compilation Terror Trips part of the Goosebumps Graphix series. There were two video games based on the book. The HorrorLand theme park was expanded upon in the book series Goosebumps HorrorLand.
 The Golden Cuckooshrike (Campochaera sloetii) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Campochaera.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 La Traite des blanches is a 1965 French and Italian film.
 Boy Meets Dog is an American animated commercial short made in 1938. It was produced by Walter Lantz as a Technicolor cartoon for theatrical release by Universal Pictures. However it did not see theatrical release but Castle Films purchased it and released it to the home movie market. This animated short is presented and brought to this part by Ipana.
 Jurová (Hungarian: Dercsika Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈdɛrtʃikɒ]) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
 Remember This is the second album released by American power pop band Artist vs. Poet which was released on April 25 2012. It marks their first Self Release after being dropped by Fearless Records on December 7 2011.
 The Sarchii River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
 Walter Maxfield Lea (February 10 1874 – January 10 1936) was a Prince Edward Island politician.A farmer and livestock breeder by profession Lea was born in Tryon the son of William C. Lea and Annie Murphy. He was elected to the provincial House of Assembly in 1915 as a Liberal and became commissioner of agriculture in 1919.
 Historical Research is a scholarly journal published by the Institute of Historical Research at the University of London. It was first published in 1923 under the title Bulletin of the Institute of Historical Research. Beginning with Vol. 60 no. 141 (Feb. 1987) the journal appeared under its present name Historical Research.
 Plaza Low Yat (often abbreviated PLY) is a shopping specializing electronics and IT products in Malaysia. In 2009 Plaza Low Yat was named “Malaysia’s Largest IT Lifestyle Mall” by the Malaysia Book of Records.[citation needed] Plaza Low Yat falls under the Low Yat Group alongside other properties in the city centre such as Federal Hotel Capitol Hotel Federal Arcade and BBpark.
 The Gen. James Bintliff House is located in Monroe Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Huojuvat Keulat is a 1946 poetry collection by Finnish poet Aaro Hellaakoski. The poems consist of short verses reflecting on nature and travel through the landscape.
 Mary O. Boyle is an American politician of the Ohio Democratic party.Boyle started her career in elective office as a state legislator representing Cleveland Heights (Ohio District #9). She was the first female Majority Whip in the Ohio House of Representatives. Following that she served on the Board of County Commissioners of Cuyahoga County Ohio.
 Bashqurtaran (Persian: باشقورتاران‎ also Romanized as Bāshqūrtārān and Bāsh Qūrtārān; also known as Bashgoor Taran and Bāsh Qūtrān) is a village in Mehraban-e Olya Rural District Shirin Su District Kabudarahang County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 288 in 54 families.
 Norigae (노리개 ) is 2013 South Korean film based on the story of Jang Ja-yeon. The films depicts the darker side of Korean cinema including the casting couch and sex abuse.
 Lipówki [liˈpufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilawa within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Pilawa 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Garwolin and 48 km (30 mi) south-east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 750.
 Shelley Keeney (née White) (born June 24 1979) is a state representative from the U.S. state of Missouri currently serving her first term in the Missouri House of Representatives. She succeeded the seat originally held by former Speaker of the House Rod Jetton (R-Marble Hill). She represents Missouri's 156th Legislative District which consists of all of Bollinger County and Madison County and most of Wayne County. She is a member of the Republican Party.
 Everybody's Famous! (Dutch: Iedereen beroemd!) is a 2000 film directed by Dominique Deruddere. It was nominated for Best Foreign Language Film at the 73rd Academy Awards.
 Bōryoku no Machi (ペン偽らず　暴力の街) is a 1950 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Satsuo Yamamoto.
 Zapaleri Lake is a lake in the Sur Lípez Province Potosí Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 4608 m its surface area is 2 km².
 The Dragon's Pearl is the autobiography written by Sirin Phathanothai telling her experiences growing up in the 1950s and 1960s among the leaders of China.The book tells the story of how in 1956 when Bangkok-Beijing relations were tense at the height of the Cold War Thailand was trying to survive the power struggle between China and the United States in Asia.
 Dorchester Pottery Works is a historic site at 101-105 Victory Road in Dorchester Massachusetts a neighborhood of Boston. The Dorchester Pottery Works was founded in 1895 by George Henderson and made stoneware. The Dorchester Pottery Works closed in 1979. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Manistee River in the U.S. state of Michigan runs 190 miles (310 km) through the northern Lower Peninsula through the villages of Sharon Smithville and Mesick and enters Lake Michigan at Manistee. It is considered like the nearby Au Sable River to be one of the best trout fisheries east of the Rockies.The river rises in the sand hills in southeastern Antrim County on the border with Otsego County about 6 miles (10 km) southeast of the town of Alba.
 Mauricio G. Domogan (born October 10 1946) is a Filipino politician. A member of the Lakas Kampi CMD party he has been elected to three terms as a Member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines representing the Lone District of Baguio City. He first won election to Congress in 2001 and was re-elected in 2004 and 2007.
 The Lowell Damon House is located in Wauwatosa Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Tolt River is located in the western foothills of the Cascade Mountains in north central King County in the U.S. state of Washington. The river begins at the confluence of the North Fork Tolt and South Fork Tolt rivers. It flows southwest joining the Snoqualmie River near Carnation Washington. The Tolt River watershed is part of the larger Snohomish River and Puget Sound drainage basin.
 Ayumi Hamasaki Arena Tour 2003-2004 A was released on September 29 2004
 Emile Jacotey is the fourth album by the French progressive rock band Ange released in 1975.
 Kahkadan (Persian: كهكدان‎ also Romanized as Kahkadān) is a village in Samen Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2382 in 611 families.
 Mangosuthu Buthelezi (born 27 August 1928) is a South African politician who founded the Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) in 1975 and the former prime minister of the KwaZulu bantustan. His praise name is Shenge.In 1964 he played King Cetshwayo kaMpande (his own maternal great-grandfather) in the film Zulu.
 Philip Heath Mendelson (born November 8 1952) is a politician from Washington D.C. He is currently the Chairman of the Council of the District of Columbia elected by the Council on June 13 2012 following the resignation of Council Chair Kwame R. Brown. He formally won the chairmanship in a citywide special election on November 6 2012.
 The Pressey-Eustis House is a historic house at 14 Stevens Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built in the early 1850s and is a fine local example of Gothic Victorian decoration. Its most distinctive features are the vergeboard featuring an unusual acorn pattern and the finials at the gable tops.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Lexicon of Comicana is a 1980 book by the American cartoonist Mort Walker. It was intended as a tongue-in-cheek look at the devices that cartoonists utilize in their craft. In it Walker invented an international set of symbols called symbolia after researching cartoons around the world. In 1964 Walker had written an article called Let's Get Down to Grawlixes a satirical piece for the National Cartoonists Society.
 Perfil: Vol. I is the third compilation album by brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso.
 Adelbert C. Del Marsh is a Republican member of the Alabama Senate representing the 12th District since 1998. He defeated Democratic challenger Judge Wallace Wyatt in the 2010 Midterm Elections. The next day he was chosen as President pro tempore of the Alabama State Senate by his colleagues.
 Adam Kurtz House also known as Washington's Headquarters is a historic home located at Winchester Virginia. It was built about 1757 and is of hewn-log construction. It consists of three rooms with the westernmost room having two of its three exterior walls of stone construction.
 The Rubyz is the debut album by the American Christian tween pop girl group The Rubyz. The album was released on April 1 2008 and tracks from the album including Outrageous were featured on Radio Disney. Additionally the album peaked at No. 26 on the Christian Albums chart published by Billboard.
 Mauvais œil (French for Evil eye) is the debut album by French hip hop duo Lunatic released in October 2000 over the independent label 45 Scientific.
 New York Scene is a live album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded in New York City in 1984 and released on the Concord Jazz label.
 The Pietrosu River (Hungarian: Köves-Somlyó or Köves-Somlyó-patak; Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈkøvɛʃʃomjoː]) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Compass Point (Chinese: 勘宝坊) is a suburban shopping mall located in the town centre of Sengkang New Town Singapore.
 Clark S. Barnes (born August 6 1950) is a member of the West Virginia Senate representing District 15 as a Republican. Originally elected in 2004 Barnes was reelected to the Senate’s District 15 in 2008. He ran in the 2012 election for West Virginia State Senate District 11.
 Jean Rochon (born July 29 1938 in Montreal Quebec) is a former Quebec politician and Member of National Assembly of Quebec. He was a Cabinet Minister for several Ministries from 1994 to 2003 when the Parti Québécois formed the government under the leadership of Jacques Parizeau Lucien Bouchard and Bernard Landry. Rochon went to several universities from 1958 to 1973.
 Shuttle Down is a novel by American author G. Harry Stine written under the nom de plume Lee Correy. First appearing as a four-part serial in Analog magazine between December 1980 and March 1981 the novel was later published by Ballantine/Del Rey in 1981 with a second edition following in 1985. The book can best be described as an early form of the techno-thriller genre later popularized by authors such as Tom Clancy.
 Upper Barachois Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Thanks for the Feedback is a live album by The Presidents of the United States of America the first full live album released by the band.
 The Northern Maine Medical Center is a hospital located in the town of Fort Kent Maine. It serves most of Aroostook County including more than ten small and medium-sized communities.
 The Snowy Owl (Bubo scandiacus) is a large owl of the typical owl family Strigidae. It was first classified in 1758 by Carolus Linnaeus.Until recently it was regarded as the sole member of a distinct genus as Nyctea scandiaca but mtDNA cytochrome b sequence data (Olsen et al. 2002) shows that it is very closely related to the horned owls in the genus Bubo. However some authorities debate this classification still preferring Nyctea.
 Never Say Never is an EP by American new wave band Romeo Void released in 1982. It was released on CD in 2006 by Wounded Bird Records as four bonus tracks to their reissue of Benefactor.
 Married Love is a 1923 British silent drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Lillian Hall-Davis Rex Davis and Sydney Fairbrother. It was also known by the alternative titles Married Life and Maisie's Marriage. The film was loosely based on the 1918 non-fiction book Married Love by Marie Stopes.
 Only Road Home is an album by the American musical artist Ronnie Penque. Penque is best known as the bassist and singer for the New Riders of the Purple Sage. Only Road Home is Penque's first solo album. It was released on November 2 2010 on the Bayland Records label. The album features 11 songs written and produced by Penque.In early 2011 Only Road Home made it to the top of the college radio charts in the Jam Band category.
 Pseudotessellarctia ursina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in Brazil.
 The Grange Hall in the Cannondale section of the town of Wilton Connecticut is a historic Grange building and is home of the Cannon Grange.The building was built in 1899 as a community center. It was acquired by the Grange organization in 1933.The building is a contributing property in the Cannondale Historic District which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Black 'N Blue is the self-titled debut album from the Glam metal band Black 'n Blue. Recorded in March to April 1984 and released worldwide the following August the album includes one of Black 'n Blue's most successful hits Hold On to 18.The track Chains Around Heaven had previously appeared on the second pressing of the first Metal Massacre compilation perhaps best known as the compilation to feature the first commercially released recording by Metallica.
 Dioumara Koussata is a rural commune and village in the Cercle of Diéma in the Kayes Region of western Mali. Dioumara Koussata is one of 18 villages in the commune. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 16218.
 Lipiny [liˈpinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Warta 13 km (8 mi) north of Sieradz and 46 km (29 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Anantaram (English: Monologue Malayalam: അനന്തരം meaning Thereafter) is a 1987 Malayalam feature film production written and directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan. Mammootty Ashokan and Shobhana star in the lead. The film is structured like a monologue. It develops through a commentary by the protagonist about himself in the first person. The attempt of the protagonist is to narrate how he became what he is now.
 Muqaddar is a 1996 Indian Hindi film. Produced by Rajiv Babbar and directed by T L V Prasad it stars Mithun Chakraborty Puneet Issar and Kiran Kumar in lead roles and Moushumi Chatterjee Simran Ayesha Jhulka and Hemant Birje in supporting roles.
 Northwestern Master of Product Design and Development Management (MPD²) is an educational program within the McCormick School of Engineering at Northwestern University. The MPD² program's goal is attuned to the abilities desires and needs of humanity. Coupling their human-centered design with the practical realities of technology and organizations the MPD² program seeks an education that leads to innovation and profitable products. The MPD² program is directed by Walter B.
 Oh to Be on the Bandwagon! (Danish: Man sku være noget ved musikken) is a 1972 Danish drama film directed by Henning Carlsen. It was entered in the 22nd Berlin International Film Festival. The film was selected as the Danish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 45th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 La Cogulla (Figuerola del Camp) is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 785 metres above sea level.
 The Dudley Canal is a canal passing though Dudley in the West Midlands of England. The canal is part of the English and Welsh connected network of navigable inland waterways and in particular forms part of the popular Stourport Ring narrowboat cruising route.The first short section which connected to the Stourbridge Canal opened in 1779 and this was connected through the Dudley Tunnel to the Birmingham Canal system in 1792. Almost immediately work started on an extension called Line No.
 Paul Wegener (1 October 1908 in Varel – 5 May 1993 in Wächtersbach) was a German Nazi Party official.
 The Presidential Mansion in Athens Greece is the official residence of the President of the Hellenic Republic. It served previously as the Royal Palace (often known as the New Royal Palace) until the abolition of the monarchy by referendum in 1974.
 Glitz is a 1985 novel by author Elmore Leonard following the story of Detective Vincent Mora who's being stalked by Teddy Magyk the serial rapist he put away. It was made into a 1988 TV movie starring Jimmy Smits.
 Morula ambrosia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Costești River or Valea Pietrenilor River is a tributary of the Bistriţa in Romania.
 Micardia pulchra is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Korea and Japan.The length of the forewings is 13–15 mm. The forewings are rufous brown mixed with ochreous. The hindwings are ochreous white irrorated with brown.
 Sir George Warburton Fuller KCMG (22 January 1861 – 22 July 1940) was Premier of New South Wales Australia on two occasions during the 1920s. His first term of office lasted less than one day (20 December 1921); his second lasted from 13 April 1922 to 17 June 1925.
 Joanka [jɔˈanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Baranów 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Kępno and 150 km (93 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 275.
 Destiny (Arabic: المصير‎ translit. Al-massir) is a 1997 French-Egyptian historical drama film directed by Youssef Chahine. It was screened out of competition at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.The film is about Averroes a 12th-century philosopher from Muslim-controlled Andalusia who would be known as the most important commentator on Aristotle.
 Christina Lake (54°40'N 111°00'W) is an elongated lake in northern Alberta Canada located east of Conklin between Lac La Biche and Fort McMurray near Highway 881. Christina Lake and the Christina River are named to honour Christine Gordon originally from Scotland who was the first white woman to live permanently in the Fort McMurray area.
 The desert locust (Schistocerca gregaria) is a species of locust. Plagues of desert locusts have threatened agricultural production in Africa the Middle East and Asia for centuries. The livelihood of at least one-tenth of the world’s human population can be affected by this voracious insect. The desert locust is potentially the most dangerous of the locust pests because of the ability of swarms to fly rapidly across great distances. It has two to five generations per year.
 Pomadasys commersonnii the smallspotted grunter is a species of grunt native to the shores of the western Indian Ocean from India to South Africa being found in brackish and marine waters and occasionally into fresh waters. This species can produce a jet of water to clear away mud to reveal benthic invertebrates upon which it feeds. It can reach 80 cm (31 in) in TL. It is also important commercially and is a popular game fish.
 Bag Limit is a crime novel written by Steven F. Havill. It is a first person view story of a reluctant sheriff of Posados County named Bill Gastner.
 Gorky Park is a 1983 film based on the novel Gorky Park by Martin Cruz Smith. It was directed by Michael Apted from a screenplay by Dennis Potter (for which he won a 1984 Edgar Award).The main stars of the film are William Hurt as Arkady Renko Lee Marvin as Jack Osborne Joanna Pacuła as Irina Asanova Rikki Fulton as Major Pribluda Brian Dennehy as William Kirwill Ian McDiarmid as Professor Andreev Michael Elphick as Pasha and Ian Bannen as Prosecutor Iamskoy. James Horner wrote the score.
 The Soul of Buddha was a 1918 American silent romance film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara who also wrote the film's story. The film was produced by Fox Film Corporation and was shot at the Fox Studio in Fort Lee New Jersey. It is now considered lost.
 Karambar pass (el. 14250 ft.) is a high mountain pass in Pakistan. It connects Yarkhun River valley in upper Chitral District to the Karambar river valley in Ishkoman tehsil of Ghizer district in Hunza Valley. Sometimes it is misspelled as Karomber or Kromber pass.The pass is one mile to the west of Karambar lake and 2 miles to the south of Dupsuk peak (5748m) that is the meeting point of Pakistan Afghanistan and Pakistan Kashmir.
 Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament in Sacramento is a cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States. It is the mother church and seat of Jaime Soto the ordinary bishop of the Diocese of Sacramento. The Cathedral is located downtown at the intersection of 11th and K Streets.Currently the cathedral is considered both a religious and civic landmark.
 The Bradford Canal was a 3.5-mile (5.6 km) English canal which ran from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal at Shipley into the centre of Bradford. It opened in 1774 and was closed in 1866 when it was declared to be a public health hazard. Four years later it reopened with a better water supply and closed for the second time in 1922. It was subsequently filled in although consideration has been given to restoring it.
 I Wanna Go Backwards is a Robyn Hitchcock box set released in 2007 on Yep Roc Records. The set contains reissues of three of Hitchcock's albums each with bonus tracks and also a two-disc rarities set While Thatcher Mauled Britain. The set consists of five CDs and was also released as a limited edition of eight vinyl LPs.
 Pinkie Carolyn Wilkerson (1948 – August 1 2000) was an African American member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from her native Grambling west of Ruston Louisiana who served from 1992 until her death in a six-vehicle traffic accident on Interstate 20 in Bossier City Louisiana. Wilkerson was particularly involved in the areas of health care and rural development. Her District 11 included Claiborne Parish and portions of Bienville Lincoln and Union parishes in North Louisiana.
 Muscle Beach Party (1964) is the second of seven beach party films produced by American International Pictures. It stars Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello and was directed by William Asher who also directed four other films in this series.Dick Dale and the Del-Tones and Stevie Wonder appear in musical numbers the latter aged thirteen and making his film debut billed as Little Stevie Wonder.
 The tusked frog (Adelotus brevis) is a species of ground-dwelling frog native to eastern Australia from Eungella National Park Queensland south to Ourimbah New South Wales. It is the only species in the Adelotus genus - adelotus meaning unseen and brevis meaning short.
 The Granite Store is an historic building located at 110 Hecla Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. This 2 1⁄2 story granite building was constructed c. 1850-60 and may have been built by the Spaulding Company who owned the nearby mill complex. It is distinctive locally as a granite structure in a residential area of predominantly wood-frame houses and for its uses as a company store (below) and meeting space (above).
 Overclocked: Stories of the Future Present (Thunder's Mouth Press 2007 ISBN 1-56025-981-7) is a collection of previously published science fiction short stories and novellas by Cory Doctorow. This is Doctorow's second published collection following A Place So Foreign and Eight More.
 William Wells House also known as The Stone House or Stonehurst is a historic home located at Tyler City Tyler County West Virginia. It was built about 1801-1804 and is a modest 2-story sandstone residence. The house is nearly square and has an unusually large interior chimney. A Victorian-style frame addition was built about 1895 at the rear of the house. It is recognized as the county's oldest house.
 Vättern is the second largest lake (by surface area) in Sweden after Vänern and the sixth largest lake in Europe. It is a long finger-shaped body of fresh water in south central Sweden to the southeast of Vänern pointing at the tip of Scandinavia.
 Melba Acosta Febo Born in Arecibo Puerto Rico is an attorney certified public accountant notary public and corporate executive who is the Secretary of Treasury of Puerto Rico for the governance of Alejandro García Padilla.
 Land of Make Believe is the third album by alternative hip-hop group Kidz in the Hall released on March 9 2010. It is their second release on Duck Down Records. The first single released is Take Over the World which features producer Just Blaze and singer Colin Munroe.
 This Machine is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band The Dandy Warhols. It was released on 24 April 2012. The album features a more stripped-down laid-back style than much of the band's previous work.
 Journal of Mathematical Biology is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Springer Verlag. Founded in 1974 the journal publishes articles on biology statistics and mathematical biology. It is the official journal of the European Society for Mathematical and Theoretical Biology. The two editors-in-chief are M. Gyllenberg and M. Lewis.Its 2009 impact factor was 1.695.
 Doctor Who: 30 Years at the BBC Radiophonic Workshop was a 1993 album celebrating the 30th anniversary of popular BBC science-fiction series Doctor Who which had been taken off the air four years previous. The compilation featured a selection of sound-effects and atmospheres from throughout the history of the programme as well as a sample of music from the 1993 BBC Radio production The Paradise of Death.
 Kani Qaleh (Persian: كاني قلعه‎ also Romanized as Kānī Qal‘eh) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 23 families.
 The Divine Invasion is a BSFA Award nominated 1981 science fiction book by Philip K. Dick. It is the second book in the gnostic VALIS trilogy and takes place in the indeterminate future perhaps a century or more after VALIS. It was originally titled Valis Regained.After the fall of Masada in 74 AD God or Yah is exiled from Earth and forced to take refuge in the CY30-CY30B star system.
 The Walking Dead: Rise of the Governor is a post-apocalyptic horror novel written by Robert Kirkman and Jay Bonansinga and released October 11 2011. The novel is a spin-off of The Walking Dead comic book series and explores the back-story of one of the series' most infamous characters The Governor. Rise of the Governor is the first of two completed works in a trilogy of novels. The Walking Dead's fourth season utilizes plots from the novel The Chalmers family in particular.
 Kotiyagala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Henry Arthur Stanistreet (19 March 1901 – 4 September 1981) was the 14th Bishop of Killaloe Kilfenora Clonfert and Kilmacduagh.Stanistreet was educated at Trent College and Trinity College Dublin and ordained in 1924. He was a curate at Clonmel and then curate in charge of Corbally before becoming the Rector of Templeharry with Borrisnafarney. From 1931 to 1943 he was Rural Dean of Ely O’Carroll then Dean of Killaloe Cathedral. He was ordained to the episcopate in 1957.
 Prince Katsura Tarō (桂 太郎 January 4 1848 – October 10 1913) was a general in the Imperial Japanese Army politician and three-time Prime Minister of Japan.
 Untere Burg (Lower Castle) also known colloquially as Burg Alt-Schellenberg (Castle of Alt-Schellenberg) is a castle ruin located in the municipality of Schellenberg Liechtenstein. It lies at the edge of a local forest a few hundred meters north of the main road between Vorderer Schellenberg and Mittleler Schellenberg (two of the burroughs in the village of Alt-Schellenberg). It is freely open to tourists and accessible by foot or mountain bike via a local footpath.
 Dear Diary was a failed TV pilot starring Bebe Neuwirth written and directed by David Frankel and produced by Frankel and Barry Jossen for the new film studio DreamWorks. It was put into limited theatrical release in 1996 and went on to win an Oscar for Live Action Short Film at the 69th Academy Awards.
 Ares is a 2006 Marvel Comics comic book limited series starring the character of the same name is written by Michael Avon Oeming and pencilled by Travel Foreman.
 Dreams Like Deserts is the debut EP by the Norwegian black metal band Aura Noir.
 Càrn Mòr Dearg (1221 m) is the eighth highest mountain in Scotland. It is situated in the west of Scotland close to the town of Fort William in Lochaber Highland. It lies just to the north-west of its much more famous neighbour Ben Nevis to which it is linked by the spectacular Càrn Mòr Dearg Arête.The ascent of Càrn Mòr Dearg from the north (start by golf course) the traverse of the arête and the scramble up the north side of Ben Nevis make one of the best horse-shoe routes in Scotland.
 Banuj (Persian: بانوج‎ also Romanized as Bānūj; also known as Banūch and Bāynūj) is a village in Hashivar Rural District in the Central District of Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2402 in 596 families.
 The Big Mouth is a 1967 comedy film produced directed co-written and starring Jerry Lewis released on July 12 1967 by Columbia Pictures. It was filmed in San Diego and features Frank De Vol as an onscreen narrator.
 Sharifabad-e Chah Kan (Persian: شريف ابادچه كان‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād-e Chah Kān) is a village in Karvandar Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 46 families.
 Marfil is a 2011 documentary film.
 Neighbourhood is the second solo album released by session drummer Manu Katché. While his first offering It's About Time was considered a rock/funk album Neighbourhood is solid jazz. Katché composed all of the music on the album.
 Koza Plaza located in Istanbul Turkey is Europe's largest wholesale retail facility of textiles.
 Abeh-ye Palang (Persian: ابه پلنگ‎ also Romanized as Ābeh-ye Palang; also known as Oveh Palang and Oveh Paknak) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 91 families.
 Gan Gan is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina.
 Witch Hunter is the second studio album of Grave Digger. It was released in May 1985 by Noise Records.The song School's Out is an Alice Cooper cover that was originally released on the School's Out album.
 Edward Garrison Walker also known as Edwin Garrison Walker (1830-1901) was an American artisan in Boston who became an attorney in 1861 as one of the first black men to pass the Massachusetts bar. He later became a politician sharing with Charles Lewis Mitchell the distinction in 1866 of being one of the first two black men elected to the Massachusetts State Legislature.
 Count Mihály Teleki de Szék (20 April 1896 – 20 August 1991) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Agriculture between 1938 and 1940. After the Nazi occupation of Hungary he was the chairman of the governing Party of Hungarian Life. Teleki lived in emigration since 1945. He died in London England at the age of 95.
 The Gulf Coast spiny softshell turtle (Apalone spinifera aspera) is a subspecies of softshell turtle endemic to the southeastern United States.
 Margin Call is a 2011 American independent drama film written and directed by J.C. Chandor. The story takes place over a 36-hour period at a large Wall Street investment bank and highlights the initial stages of the financial crisis of 2007–08. In focus are the actions taken by a group of employees during the subsequent financial collapse.
 Floored is a 2009 documentary film about the people and business of the Chicago trading floors. The film focuses specifically on several Chicago floor traders who have been impacted by the electronic trading revolution and whose jobs have been threatened by the use of computers in the trading world. Directed by James Allen Smith the film runs for 77 minutes.The film has become particularly relevant in light of the U.S.
 John Feeney Hunter (October 19 1896 – December 19 1957) was a lawyer soldier and three-term U.S. Representative from Ohio.Born in Ford City Pennsylvania Hunter moved with his parents in 1907 to Toledo Ohio where he attended the public schools. He was graduated from the law department of St. John's University in Toledo in 1918.
 The Ultimate Yes: 35th Anniversary Collection is a triple compilation album by progressive rock band Yes was released in 2003 in the United Kingdom and in early 2004 in the United States and covers the length and breadth of the band's thirty-five-year career.Released on Warner Music in the UK as a double CD the United States edition - on Rhino Records - included a bonus disc of acoustic recordings of old and new material recorded in October 2003.
 Poseidon's Arrow is a Dirk Pitt novel the twenty-second of that series. The hardcover edition was released November 6 2012. Other editions were released on other dates.
 Flamingos is Enrique Bunbury's third studio album.
 The 86th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This date was January 6 1891 which was two weeks before the beginning of the first administrative year of Governor Robert J. Reynolds.
 Hipposcarus is a genus of parrotfish.
 Analogue Bubblebath 4 was the fourth EP released by Richard D. James under the alias AFX. It is also the fourth release in the Analogue Bubblebath series. The EP consists of four tracks (plus one hidden track on CD releases). It was released in 1994 on Rephlex Records in both CD and 12 vinyl formats.All tracks are untitled. The fifth track of the CD reissue is actually a heavily modulated snippet from a press conference with Evel Knievel sometime after the Snake River Canyon incident.
 It's Not Too Late is the second solo album from Neal Morse.
 Turbonilla modesta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Kent and Sussex Courier is an English regional newspaper published in Tunbridge Wells Kent.The paper was the result of an amalgamation of a number of Kent and East Sussex local newspapers and hence has always been published in at least two editions one of which covered the western parts of Kent while the other covered the eastern part of East Sussex.After its purchase by Northcliffe Newspapers part of the Daily Mail and General Trust news group its publishing company was renamed Courier Newspapers. 
 The Columbia Gorge Hotel is a historic hotel in Hood River Oregon United States. It was built by Simon Benson who was involved with the Columbia Gorge Scenic Highway. Benson envisioned a hotel at the end of the highway and completed the Mission style hotel in 1921. The new hotel was built on the site of the previous Wah Gwin Gwin Hotel built in 1904.
 Magelhaens is an impact crater in the southern highlands of Mars located at 32.36° south latitude and 185.42° west longitude. It is 105 km long and was named for Ferdinand Magellan the 16th century Portuguese explorer.Magelhaens is located southwest of the volcanic region of Tharsis. It is surrounded by rocky peaks of unknown origin. These forms may be the result of tectonic movements in the Tharsis region or of meteorite impacts.
 Barracks Virginia Military Institute also known as Old Barracks is a historic building still in use on the campus of the Virginia Military Institute in Lexington Virginia. They were designed by architect Alexander Jackson Davis and built in 1848.The building was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
 Urqu Jawira (Aymara urqu male jawira river male river hispanicized spellings Orkhojahuira Orkho Jahuira) is a Bolivian river in the La Paz Department Aroma Province Calamarca Municipality.
 The Story of Woo Viet (Chinese Title: 胡越的故事 Cantonese Yale: Woo yuet dik goo si) is a Hong Kong political drama film made by director Ann Hui in 1981. Actor Chow Yun-fat played the title character Woo Viet. The assistant director was Stanley Kwan and the action choreographer was Ching Siu-tung.The movie was one of the first political dramas made in Hong Kong.
 Aakhri Kasam is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Dinesh-Ramanesh. The film stars Kabir Bedi.
 Torre Europa (Torres Europa) - generally is the name of five skyscrapers of complex buildings in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat (suburb of Barcelona) Spain with numbers from 1 to 5. However the Torre Europa 1 has name of Torre Inbisa the Torre Europa 2 has name of Torre Zenit and both these towers are over 100 meters tall. Other buildings is Torre Europa 3 Torre Europa 4 and Torre Europa 5. Torre Europa 3 4 5 has 19 floors and rises 75 meters. All these towers are lies on Plaza de Europa.
 The Touch (Swedish: Beröringen) is a 1971 film directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Max von Sydow Bibi Andersson Elliott Gould and Sheila Reid.
 Les Bronzés font du ski (French Fried Vacation 2) is a classic 1979 French comedy directed by Patrice Leconte.It is a sequel to Les Bronzés (1978) and it was followed by Les Bronzés 3 : Amis pour la vie (2006).
 Gol Chigi (Persian: گل چيگي‎ also Romanized as Gol Chīgī; also known as Gol Chīkeh) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 33 in 9 families.
 Ponnagaram is a 1980 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by K.S.Madhangan starring Sarath Babu and Shoba
 Kurtha is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5421 persons living in 980 individual households.
 The Roosevelt Elementary School at 200 E. Arlington St. in Waterloo Iowa was built in 1922. It was a Late Gothic Revival architecture work by Waterloo architect Mortimer B. Cleveland. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Eugène François Charles Joseph Lamoral de Ligne d'Amblise et d'Epinoy (Brussels 28 January 1804 – Brussels 20 May 1880) 8th Prince of Ligne and of the Holy Roman Empire was a Belgian diplomat and liberal politician. He was the son of Prince Louis Eugene Marie Lamoral of Ligne and Louise van der Noot de Duras.
 The Martin Creek Mountains are a mountain range in Humboldt County Nevada.
 The Arabah (Hebrew: הָעֲרָבָה HaAravah lit. desolate and dry area; Arabic: وادي عربة‎ Wādī ʻAraba) known in Hebrew as Aravah is a section of the Jordan Rift Valley running in a north-south orientation between the southern end of the Sea of Galilee (as the Jordan river valley) down to the Dead Sea and continuing further south where it ends at the Gulf of Aqaba. It includes most of the border between Israel to the west and Jordan to the east.
 Barbus ansorgii is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 Peter Bercovitch (September 17 1879 – December 26 1942) was a Canadian provincial and federal politician.Born in Montreal Quebec the son of Hyam Bercovitch and Fannie Goldberg he received a Bachelor of Civil Law from McGill University and a Master of Laws from the Université de Montréal. He was called to the Quebec Bar in 1901 and was created a King's Counsel in 1911.
 Howard High School of Technology is a vocational-technical high school in Wilmington Delaware and is the oldest of four high schools within the New Castle County Vocational-Technical School District which includes Delcastle Technical High School in Newport Hodgson Vo-Tech High School in Glasgow and St. Georges Technical High School in St. Georges.
 The Kelsey Range is a mountain range in Siskiyou County California.
 Midtre Skagastølstind is one of the peaks constituting Skagastølstindane (Skagastøl peaks) in the Hurrungane mountain range. The 2284-metre (7493 ft) tall mountain lies in the eastern part of the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The mountain lies in between Nordre Skagastølstind Vetle Skagastølstind and Store Skagastølstind.
 The Gen. George Cowles House is located in Farmington Connecticut. The house was built in 1803 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 11 1982.
 Anna Marina Terrana (born March 31 1937) is a former Canadian politician who was the Member of Parliament for the riding of Vancouver East from 1993 to 1997. Terrana sat as a member of the Liberal Party of Canada.Born in Torino Italy she immigrated to Canada in 1966.
 Women Beware Women is a Jacobean tragedy written by Thomas Middleton and first published in 1657.
 Adamów [aˈdamuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Margaret Ann Jay Baroness Jay of Paddington PC (born 18 November 1939) is a British politician for the Labour Party and former BBC television producer and presenter.
 Dangerous: The Short Films is a collection of music videos from the Dangerous album by Michael Jackson released initially on VHS Laser Disc and double Video CD (in Asia market only) in 1993 and reissued on DVD in 2001. It was re-packaged with Dangerous in a two disc set in 2008.
 Kalte Moldau (Czech: Studená Vltava) is a river of Bavaria Germany and Czech Republic (South Bohemian Region).
 Lake DeFuniak is a lake in DeFuniak Springs Florida United States at the center of the DeFuniak Springs Historic District.Lake DeFuniak is one of the two almost perfectly round circular spring-fed lakes in the world. [1]
 Kästner is a lunar crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon to the southwest of the Mare Smythii. Just to the northwest of Kästner is the walled plain Gilbert. To the south is the prominent crater Ansgarius and to the southwest lies La Pérouse.This formation belongs to the category termed a walled plain. It has a worn irregular outer wall that is overlaid by several small craters and there is a small break along the north-northeast.
 Odium is the second full-length release by the German band Morgoth. It was released in 1993 by Century Media. It was produced by Dirk Draeger recorded and mixed at Woodhouse Studios in Hagen engineered and mixed by Siggi Bemm.
 Time Adventure: Zeccho 5-byo Mae (Japanese: タイム・アバンチュール　絶頂５秒前) is a 1986 Japanese pink film directed by Yōjirō Takita.
 Ciszyca Przewozowa [t͡ɕiˈʂɨt͡sa pʂɛvɔˈzɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Tarłów 38 km (24 mi) north-east of Opatów and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 70.
 The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight is a 1969 novel written by Jimmy Breslin and a film of the same name based on the book and released in 1971. The novel is a roman à clef based on the life of Joey Gallo.In the 1971 film version of the novel Kid Sally Palumbo – the character based on Joe Gallo also known as Crazy Joey – is played by Jerry Orbach.
 Capperia raptor is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in North America including Colorado Indiana and Canada.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The abdomen is brown mixed with dark fuscous. The forewings are ferruginous-fuscous irrorated with dark fuscous. There is a small dark fuscous spot on the base of the cleft.
 Birkenhead Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia Canada located in the Lillooet Country region to the northeast of Pemberton and immediately northwest of Birkenhead Peak and Gates Lake (aka Birken Lake) at the community of Birken.
 The American Journal of Sexuality Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2005 and published by Routledge. It publishes articles on current research programmatic overviews resource reviews and other articles related to sex education. The journal is edited by William J. Taverner and is an official journal of the American Association of Sexuality Educators Counselors and Therapists.
 Dungeon Geomorphs is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The Galleria Tower is a 17-story 285000 square foot (26000 m²) office building located at the Riverchase Galleria in the Hoover suburb of Birmingham Alabama United States. The building was developed by Jim Wilson & Associates as a part of the Riverchase Galleria. Construction began in 1983 and was completed in 1986. The building connects to the Galleria via a large glass atrium.The building is the tallest office building outside of the Downtown Birmingham District.
 Gákkajávri is a lake that lies in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 7.4-square-kilometre (2.9 sq mi) lake lies just east of the European route E06 highway between Lakselv and Karasjok.The village of Skoganvarre and the lake Øvrevann popular tourist areas are located on the west side of the lake. In the winter time this area is a popular setting-off point for ski- and snow scooter activities.
 Christina M. Tina Tchen (simplified Chinese: 陈远美; traditional Chinese: 陳遠美 pinyin: Chén Yuǎnměi) (born January 25 1956) is an American lawyer. She serves as Assistant to President Barack Obama; Chief of Staff to First Lady Michelle Obama; and Executive Director of the White House Council on Women and Girls. From the date of Obama's inauguration until January 5 2011 she was the Director of the White House Office of Public Engagement previously known as the Office of Public Liaison.
 Y2K: The Album is the debut album of the Queensbridge hip-hop group Screwball released on Tommy Boy Records in early 2000 following the controversial single Who Shot Rudy?. The album features a wide arrange of guests and producers including Mobb Deep Cormega Pete Rock DJ Premier MC Shan and Capone.
 Iğdır is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 87 people.
 One Good Turn is a 1951 British comedy film produced and directed by Arthur Maude who died before the studio release. It was written by Valerie Villiers-Bolton and involves a boy who saves a girl from a car accident and is invited to her party.
 Hohe Mark (Spessart) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Pittenweem Priory is the name of an Augustinian priory located in the village of Pittenweem Fife Scotland. It was originally a Benedictine community founded from Reading Abbey in England and based on the Isle of May.
 George Hamilton Lamb (1 January 1900 – 7 December 1943) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 1935 until his death in 1943 representing the electorate of Lowan for the Country Party.
 Shirley A. Mullen is the current president of Houghton College and the first female president of the college. Prior to becoming President at the Houghton College she was provost at Westmont College in Santa Barbara California.During her time as president she elected to sell Houghton College's satellite campus located in West Seneca New York; this move was to shift more focus to the Buffalo area.
 Etheostoma duryi the black darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States where it occurs in the drainage of the Tennessee River in the states of Tennessee Georgia and Alabama. It is an inhabitant of rocky pools in streams and smaller rivers and their adjacent riffles. This species can reach a length of 7.2 centimetres (2.8 in) TL though most only reach about 5 centimetres (2.0 in).
 Elachista ohridella is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in the Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria.
 A Summer Place is a 1958 novel by Sloan Wilson a follow-on to The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit. It was adapted into a 1959 film of the same name.
 Sir Charles Philips Trevelyan 3rd Baronet PC (28 October 1870 – 24 January 1958) was a British Liberal and later Labour politician and landowner. He served as President of the Board of Education in 1924 and between 1929 and 1931 in the first two Labour administrations of Ramsay MacDonald.
 Hamlet is a 2009 television film adaptation of the Royal Shakespeare Company's 2008 award-winning modern-dress stage production of William Shakespeare's play of the same name aired on BBC Two on 26 December 2009.
 El País is a Uruguayan newspaper first published on September 14 1918 and distributed nation-wide. It previously belonged to the same media group as the television channel Teledoce. Its website is ranked 6th in Uruguay according to Alexa.
 Vachagan (Armenian: Վաչագան) is a river in the southern Syunik Province of Armenia. The river has a length of 5 km and flows through the town of Kapan. It is a tributary of the Voghji River. Its origin is at the northern edge of Mount Khustup in the Syunik Mountains range. It has a basin of 35 km².
 Dark Side of the Moon is a French mockumentary by director William Karel which originally aired on Arte in 2002 with the title Opération Lune. The basic premise for the film is the theory that the television footage from the Apollo 11 Moon landing was faked and actually recorded in a studio by the CIA with help from director Stanley Kubrick. It features some surprising guest appearances most notably by Donald Rumsfeld Dr.
 Tituiyeh-ye Seh (Persian: تيتوئيه3‎ also Romanized as Tītūīyeh-ye Seh; also known as Tītūīyeh) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 18 families.
 Traces of a Dragon (Chinese: 龍的深處：失落的拼圖; aka Traces of a Dragon: Jackie Chan and his Lost Family) is a 2003 documentary film directed by Mabel Cheung. The film explores the touching and history-filled background of Jackie Chan as we have never seen him before.
 The Cuntu River is a headwater of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Arenig Fach is a mountain in southern Snowdonia north Wales. It is a peak in the Arenig range and lies to the north of its parent peak Arenig Fawr. It lies close to Llyn Celyn alongside the A4212 between Trawsfynydd and Bala. Carnedd y Filiast and Foel Goch (Arenigs) is to the east while Moel Llyfnant Gallt y Daren and Arenig Fawr are to the south.
 Black Fury is a 1935 American crime film starring Paul Muni Karen Morley and William Gargan. It was adapted by Abem Finkel and Carl Erickson from the short story Jan Volkanik by Judge Michael A. Musmanno and the play Bohunk by Harry R. Irving.
 Thiên Đường Cave (Paradise Cave) is a cave in Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng National Park UNESCO's World Heritage Site 60 km northwest of Đồng Hới city.Thiên Đường Cave is located on an elevation of 200 meters above the sea level near the west branch of Ho Chi Minh Highway in Son Trach Commune Bố Trạch District Quảng Bình Province Vietnam.
 Duruçay is a village in the Vezirköprü district of Samsun Province Turkey.
 This article is for the unofficially named mountain near Vancouver British Columbia. For the officially named mountain in the Omineca region of British Columbia see The Thumb (Omineca). For other uses see Thumb (disambiguation).The Thumb is a mountain in the Five Fingers Group a group of summits on the divide between Pitt Lake and Coquitlam Lake and north of Widgeon Lake in British Columbia Canada.
 Here I Stand is the fifth studio album by American R&B recording artist Usher released on May 13 2008 by LaFace Records. Inspired by love for his new wife—Tameka Foster—and son Usher recorded many ballads for the album. Prior to the album's recording Usher split with his mother Jonnetta Patton as manager and hired Benny Medina. Usher's estranged father died months before the release of Here I Stand; this also influenced themes of the album.
 Supergator is a 2007 horror film from Roger Corman starring Brad Johnson and Kelly McGillis. The music was by Damon Ebner.
 The river Bolbec or Commerce is one of the rivers that flow from the plateau of the southern Pays de Caux in the Seine-Maritime département of Haute-Normandie into the Seine. The river rises at Bolbec and passes Gruchet-le-Valasse where its name changes to the Commerce. It then passes through Lillebonne and joins the Seine at Notre-Dame-de-Gravenchon.
 Margaret Jean Anderson (August 7 1915 – December 8 2003) was a Canadian businesswoman and senator.Born in Burnt Church New Brunswick she was president of the family business W.S. Anderson and Company Ltd. a lumber company.From 1972 to 1976 she was president of the New Brunswick Women's Liberal Association.In 1978 she was summoned to the senate on the advice of Pierre Trudeau representing the senatorial division of Northumberland--Miramichi New Brunswick.
 Mars is the third Mini-Album for the Japanese rock duo B'z. The album sold 1730500 copies in total reaching #1 at Oricon.
 Charles Laplante dit Champagne (October 16 1838 – December 22 1907) was a lawyer judge and political figure in Quebec. He represented Deux-Montagnes in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1876 to 1882 as a Conservative. His name also appears as Charles Champagne.He was born in Saint-Eustache Lower Canada the son of Charles Laplante dit Champagne and Christine Andrave.
 Hoàng Lương is a commune (xã) and village in Hiệp Hòa District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Club Daze Volume II: Live in the Bars is an album by Twisted Sister.
 Hang on to Your Resistance is the debut album for Canadian musician Tom Cochrane originally released in 1974 (see 1974 in music) on Daffodil Records. The album was released under just his last name Cochrane. In 1987 Capitol Records re-released the album under Tom Cochrane but changed the title slightly to Hang on to Your Resistance (The Early Years).
 Moheb Saraj (Persian: محب سراج‎ also Romanized as Moḩeb Sarāj) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 156 in 32 families.
 Arnold L. Arnie Roblan (born April 8 1948) is a former educator and a Democratic politician in the U.S. state of Oregon. He has served in the Oregon House of Representatives representing District 9 which spans the southern Oregon Coast since 2005. He also served as co-speaker of the House for the 2011–2012 session along with Republican Bruce Hanna. He is currently a member of the Oregon State Senate representing district 5.
 Se ei olekaan niin (in English: But It's Not Like That) is the fourth studio album by Finnish pop rock singer-songwriter Maija Vilkkumaa. Released by Warner Music in Finland on 11 July 2005 it debuted at number one the Finnish Albums Chart and charted for 26 weeks. The album has sold over 47000 copies to date in Finland which has granted it a platinum certification.
 Borków [ˈbɔrkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów within Pińczów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Pińczów and 36 km (22 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Sulejman Ugljanin (pronounced [sulějman ǔɡʎanin]) (Serbian Cyrillic: Сулејман Угљанин; born 20 November 1953) is an ethnic Bosniak politician from the Sandžak region of Serbia. He is the leader of the Party of Democratic Action of Sandžak and the List for Sandžak coalition of the 2007 Serbian parliamentary election which won two seats.
 McIntyre H. Sandlin (c. 1870 - October 31 1955) was a Democratic politician from Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana.Sandlin was born on a farm near Minden a few months prior to the creation of Webster Parish from its eastern neighbor Claiborne Parish. In 1894 at the age of twenty-four Sandlin was elected the mayor of Minden the seat of government of Webster Parish.
 Lyra's Oxford is a short book by Philip Pullman depicting an episode involving the heroine of His Dark Materials Pullman's best-selling trilogy. Lyra's Oxford is set when Lyra Silvertongue is 15 two years after the end of the trilogy. It was released to quench the thirst of fans of the trilogy while they wait for the unspecified release of The Book of Dust and also to expand upon Pullman's themes from the trilogy.The book consists mainly of an illustrated short story Lyra and the Birds.
 The Tunari River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Jen Hong (Chinese: 任弘; pinyin: Rèn Hóng) is a politician in the Republic of China. He was the Deputy Minister of the Overseas Chinese Affairs Council of the Executive Yuan.
 Vasillaq Ngresi is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.
 Epilacydes unilinea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone and Gambia.
 Carter Hill is a historic home located near Lebanon Russell County Virginia. It was built in 1921-1922 and is a tall two-story brick sheathed frame Colonial Revival style dwelling. It has a side gable roof with green-glazed terra cotta tiles and pedimented and hipped dormer windows. It also has a projecting temple-fronted center bay a hipped ell and several rear shed wings.
 Babarganj is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7405 people living in 1353 individual households.
 Asad is a 2012 South African-American short film directed by Bryan Buckley. The film is nominated for the 2012 Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film.Produced in South Africa by Mino Jarjoura of Hungry Man Productions the cast is made up of Somali refugees living in South Africa none of whom had any acting experience prior to production.After being nominated for an Academy Award the film was released along with all the other 15 Oscar-nominated short films in theaters by ShortsHD.
 Baggersee Innsbruck (also: Baggersee Rossau) is located in the south-eastern part of Innsbruck at the Inn River and belongs to the city district Amras. With an area size of 2.8 ha it is the second largest lake in the city area. Only the Lake Lans surpasses it by size and volume.Many people use the lake as recreation area in Summer. The water can warm up to 24 °C. Recreational activities at the lake include beach volley badminton streetball or table tennis.
 Underworld is the third book in Jude Watson's series The Last of the Jedi
 Lord Henry Frederick Thynne PC DL (2 August 1832 – 28 January 1904) was a British Conservative politician. He served under Benjamin Disraeli as Treasurer of the Household between 1875 and 1880.
 The Royal Free Hospital (also known simply as the Royal Free) is a major teaching hospital in Hampstead London. It was rated 'excellent' for quality of services and 'good' for quality of financial management by the Healthcare Commission in 2009. The hospital is part of the Royal Free London NHS Foundation Trust which is a member of the UCL Partners' academic health science centre.The nearest London Underground station is Belsize Park.
 The Rookie is a science fiction sports novel by New York Times best-selling novelist Scott Sigler. It is the beginning of Sigler's Galactic Football League Series. It was released in both podcast and print versions in 2009.
 Djilali Mehri:(Arabic: الجيلالي مهري‎) is the Chairman and CEO of Pepsi Algeria the holding Maghreb and the Middle East Investors and he has a project to build 36 hotels with the Accor in major cities in Algeria such as Algiers Constantine and Oran.
 The Jim Crow Museum of Racist Memorabilia at Ferris State University Big Rapids Michigan displays a wide variety of artifacts including cartoons figurines and advertising depicting the history of racist portrayals of African Americans in American popular culture.Curator David Pilgrim explains in his essay The Garbage Man: Why I collect racist objects: I collect this garbage because I believe and know to be true that forms of intolerance can be used to teach tolerance..The Jim Crow Museum of Racist Memorabilia is a collection of racist artifacts dating from the present back to the segregation era in the United States put together by Ferris State University Vice President of Diversity and Inclusion David Pilgrim. 
 Come Home (released 2009 on the Heilo catalog by the Grappa label - HCD 7244) is a studio album by the couple Annbjørg Lien and Bjørn Ole Rasch.
 Bring Me Home: Live 2011 is a live video album by English soul band Sade released on 22 May 2012 by RCA Records. It was filmed at Citizens Business Bank Arena in Ontario California on 4 September 2011 during the band's Sade Live concert tour. The DVD and Blu-ray contain twenty-one tracks as well as rare glimpses of behind-the-stage scenes with a twenty-minute documentary exclusive candid moments a short technical documentary by Stuart Matthewman and outtakes from the crew.
 Reproductive Health Matters (RHM) is an independent charity which produces a twice yearly peer-reviewed journal and other publications on reproductive and sexual health and rights and organises workshops and meetings on these issues. Aimed at an international audience RHM's publications are available in print and online by subscription. They are distributed free to institutions and organisations who cannot afford to pay particularly in developing countries.
 The Tuxpan River (Veracruz) is a river of Mexico.
 First Hawaiian Center is the tallest building in the U.S. state of Hawaiʻi and the city of Honolulu the largest city in the state. It is the world corporate headquarters of First Hawaiian Bank the oldest and largest bank based in Hawaii. The tower is one of the most well-known buildings in Honolulu with a striking presence at the center of downtown Honolulu's skyline.
 St. Joseph's Church-Catholic is a historic church on Main Street in Pierz Minnesota United States. It was built 1886–1888 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.The history of the parish dates back to 1865 when Reverend Francis Xavier Pierz started ministering to the community of Rich Prairie—as it was then known—along with Joseph F. Busch Ignatius Tomazin and James Trobec.
 Euzophera formosella is a species of snout moths in the genus Euzophera. It was described by Rebel in 1910. It is found in Greece and Russia.
 Orthomegas cinnamomeus is a species of beetle in the Orthomegas genus that is in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Linnaeus in 1758. It is found in Hispaniola Trinidad Colombia Venezuela the Guianas Brazil Ecuador Peru and Bolivia.
 Under the Gun is the 14th album by the Country rock band Poco.Released in July 1980 Under the Gun was the followup to Poco's breakout album Legend. Legend had been released in November 1978 on ABC Records just prior to that label's being bought out by MCA: in a June 7 2013 interview with Rockin' Rich Lynch of SoundPress.net Radio Network veteran Poco member Paul Cotton would state that MCA required that Poco audition prior to being allowed to record for MCA.
 The Minneapolis Fire Department Repair Shop is a building in Minneapolis Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The repair shop was established by the city of Minneapolis to reorganize and consolidate the services of the fire department.
 The International Journal of Motorcycle Studies (IJMS) is the first peer-reviewed journal dedicated to the study and discussion of motorcycling culture. The journal considers motorcycling culture in all its forms — from the experience of riding and racing to the history of the machine the riders and design to the images of motorcycling and motorcyclists in film advertising and literature.
 Blue Eyes Black Hair (French: Les Yeux bleus cheveux noirs) is a 1986 novel by the French writer Marguerite Duras. It tells the story of a couple who meet by chance in a small vacation town. The man is homosexual and has recently fallen in love with a man with blue eyes and black hair. After meeting the woman at a cafe he pays the woman to come to his room so that he can look at her presumably in order to learn something about women or love.
 Dielwar is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 The Kreuzbergpass (Italian: Passo Monte Croce di Comelico; German: Kreuzbergpass) (1636 m) is a high mountain pass between the provinces of South Tyrol and Belluno in Italy. It connects the Puster Valley with Cadore.The pass is also the division line between the Dolomites to the west and the Carnic Alps to the northeast.
 Lipe is a village in the municipality of Žagubica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 15 people.
 Aventura is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shin Midorikawa. It has been serialized in Monthly Shōnen Sirius. As of February 2009 Kodansha has published 3 bound volumes of the manga.The manga is licensed for an English released by Del Rey Manga. As of March 2009 Del Rey Manga has published 3 bound volumes of the manga.
 Browne Sugar is the debut album by Tom Browne. It was released in 1979 on the GRP Records and reached number six on the Jazz Album chart in 1979.
 Dziećmiarki [d͡ʑet͡ɕˈmjarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłecko within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 That Night in Toronto is a live concert DVD featuring Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip filmed and directed by filmmaking brothers Pierre and Francois Lamoureux.It was recorded November 26 2004 at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto Ontario Canada during The Hip's In Between Evolution tour. It differs from most concert DVDs in the fact that nothing was edited out of the set.
 Dlouhá Lhota (Příbram District) is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Griveaudia nigropuncta is a species of moth of the Callidulidae family. It is found in Asia.
 Pisary [piˈsarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów within Opatów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Ożarów 20 km (12 mi) east of Opatów and 78 km (48 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Chieftains Museum also known as the Major Ridge Home is a two-story house built in 1792 in Cherokee country (present-day Rome Georgia). It was the home of the Cherokee leader Major Ridge— notable for his role in negotiating and signing the Treaty of New Echota of 1835 which ceded the remainder of Cherokee lands in the Southeast to the United States. The chiefs had agreed they could not go to war against the United States on the removal issue but many wanted to resist for a longer period.
 Nature's Best 3 is a two-disc compilation album of 35 New Zealand popular music songs numbers 66-100 on the APRA 75th Anniversary Top 100 New Zealand Songs of All Time. See Nature's Best for more information on the selection process of this list.Nature's Best 3 was released as part of a Nature's Best Box Set on 29 November 2005.
 John T. Walsh (December 21 1898 – February 1977) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 It Came from Hollywood is a 1982 comedy film compiling clips from various B movies. Written by Dana Olsen and directed by Malcolm Leo and Andrew Solt the film features wraparound segments and narration by several famous comedians including Dan Aykroyd John Candy Gilda Radner and Cheech and Chong. Sections of It Came from Hollywood focus on gorilla pictures anti-marijuana films and the works of Edward D. Wood Jr..
 The Lôbo d'Almada River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Seven Something (Thai: รัก 7 ปี ดี 7 หน RTGS: Rak Jed Pee Dee Jed Hon) is a 2012 Thai romantic film directed by Jira Maligool Adisorn Tresirikasem and Paween Parijtipanya. The film commemorates the seven year establishment of GTH.
 Jankówek [janˈkuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Żychlin 16 km (10 mi) east of Kutno and 53 km (33 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 40.
 Yasutomo Suzuki (鈴木 康友 Suzuki Yasutomo born August 23 1957) is the mayor of Hamamatsu Shizuoka in Japan. A 1980 graduate of Keio University he was first elected mayor in 2007 after serving in the House of Representatives in Diet (national legislature) for two terms.
 Rzęsna [ˈʐɛ̃sna] (formerly German Vorbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 50.
 Huta Żuławska [ˈxuta ʐuˈwafska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejewo within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Bozorg Bisheh-ye Mahalleh (Persian: بزرگ بيشه محله‎ also Romanized as Bozorg Bīsheh-ye Maḩalleh; also known as Bozorg Bīsheh) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District Dehferi District Fereydunkenar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1292 in 294 families.
 St. Cyril and St. Methodius Church is an historic church on Main and High Streets inLisbon Falls Maine.The church was built in 1926 by Addison D. Pulsifer and was added to the National Historic Register in 1977.
 Three Chords and a Half Truth is the eighth studio album by American punk rock band Face to Face released on April 09 2013 through Trevor Keith's Antagonist Records under exclusive license to Rise Records their first album for Rise.The album's first single Right As Rain was released on March 05 2013. The single marked a change in style for Face To Face a departure from their fast punk rock sound into a more mid-tempo layered classic punk sound.
 Forcella Staulanza (el. 1773 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Dolomites in the province of Belluno in Italy.It connects the Zoldo valley in the south and the Cadore valley in the north.
 Libyana is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Emory Point is a mixed-use development on Clifton Road in Druid Hills unincorporated DeKalb County Georgia adjacent to Atlanta. It is across Clifton Road across from the Centers for Disease Control and surrounded on three sides by the campus of Emory University backing up to Peachtree Creek's South Fork. The complex contains 80000 square feet (7400 m2) of retail space and 443 apartments.
 Kowiesowo [kɔvjɛˈsɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów within Żyrardów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Mszczonów 18 km (11 mi) south of Żyrardów and 48 km (30 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 The Rivière Bouyaha is a river of Haiti.Bouyaha River in French riviere Bouyaha is a river flowing through the cities of Dondon Saint Raphael and Pignon. It is said that the river started in the mountain surrounding the municipalities of Dondon and Marmelade. Bouyaha river merges with the guayamouc river in the nearby city of Hinche.
 Stoermeriana is a genus of Moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
 It's Alive! is the only album released by The New Cars. The album features fifteen live tracks twelve of which are songs known as being performed by the original Cars. Not Tonight is a new song. The remaining two I Saw the Light and Open My Eyes were popularized by New Cars member Todd Rundgren (Open My Eyes was originally performed by Rundgren's original group Nazz). The album ends with three new studio tracks recorded especially for this release.
 Saviour King is the sixteenth album in the live praise and worship series of Christian Contemporary music by Hillsong Church. It debuted at No. 6 on the ARIA album chart on 9 July 2007 while the DVD debuted at No. 2 on the DVD chart. On the US Billboard Top Christian Albums Chart it debuted at No. 5.
 Argna is a genus of air-breathing land snails pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Argnidae.
 Giriyal Kariyat Bagewadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Palo y hueso (Stick and Bone) is a 1968 Argentine film released on 7 August 1968 directed by Nicolás Sarquís and starring Héctor da Rosa and Miguel Ligero. The film was shot entirely in Buenos Aires premiering there on August 7 1968.
 Skarsvåg Church (Norwegian: Skarsvåg kirke) is a parish church in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Skarsvåg. The church is part of the Nordkapp parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1961 and it seats about 60 people. The church was consecrated on 6 August 1961 by the Bishop Alf Wiig. It was called Skarsvåg Chapel until 1999 when it was renamed a church.
 Sepiola knudseni is a species of bobtail squid native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean specifically northwest and west Africa from the Canary Islands to the Gulf of Guinea. It lives on the inner continental shelf. S. knudseni lives at depths of 32 to 90 m.Females of this species are on average considerably larger than males.
 Congorhynchus (Greek for Congo snout) is a genus of prehistoric fish that was described by E. Darteville and E. Casier in 1949. Fossils belonging to Congorhynchus date back to the Maastrichtian stage of the Late Cretaceous as well as the Eocene. This means that this genus survived the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event that killed the dinosaurs. There are three known species all of which are extinct.
 Bastrop State Park is a state park in Bastrop County in Central Texas. The park was established in 1938 and consists of stands of Loblolly Pines mixed with Post Oak and junipers.
 Kleparz [ˈklɛpaʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 St Matthew's Church in Paisley is notable for its Art Nouveau architecture by WD McLennan and stained glass window by Robert Anning Bell.The church was built between 1905 and 1907 and shares a small traffic island on Gordon Street with a (now disused) fire station. Originally called St George's East Free Church it became a Church of Scotland with reunification in 1929 and was later renamed St Matthew's.
 Christine J. Johnson is a former Republican member of the Illinois Senate representing the 35th legislative district in Boone DeKalb Ogle LaSalle and Winnebago counties from 2011 to 2013. She currently serves as the Minority Spokesperson on the Higher Education Committee.
 Brother of Sleep (German: Schlafes Bruder) is a 1995 German film directed by Joseph Vilsmaier and based on a novel by Austrian writer Robert Schneider. It was chosen as Germany's official submission to the 68th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film but did not manage to receive a nomination.
 Ben Tee (Scottish Gaelic: Beinn an t-Sìthidh [ˈpeiɲ əɲ ˈtʲiː.ɪ]) is a Scottish mountain situated in the Lochaber area of the Highland council area some 15 kilometres north of Spean Bridge. It is rated as one of the best of Scotland’s smaller mountains with Hamish Brown saying:
 WWE Heroes is a comic book series published by Titan Publishing and written by Keith Champagne with art by Andy Smith.It stars WWE's most popular wrestlers such as John Cena and Triple H.The first issue was released in April 2010 with a continual storyline called Rise of the Firstborn. A different but similar story continues in the Undertaker's 2-part issue.
 Carcerato is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Armando Zorri.
 Chah Boneh (Persian: چاه بنه‎ also Romanized as Chāh Boneh and Chāhbaneh) is a village in Khabar Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 5 families.
 Kamisama Kiss (神様はじめました Kamisama Hajimemashita 'Nice to Meet You God') is a Japanese manga series by Julietta Suzuki and serialized by Hakusensha in the shōjo manga magazine Hana to Yume. The series is licensed for regional release in North America by Viz Media as part of their Shojo Beat imprint. An anime adaptation has been produced by TMS Entertainment and directed by Akitaro Daichi and began airing in October 2012. It has been streamed by Funimation Entertainment in North America.
 The Cumpărata Mare River is a headwater of the Ghimbav River in Romania.
 The Church of Our Lady of Fatima (Spanish: Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de Fátima) is a Roman Catholic parish church in the neighbourhood of Pocitos Montevideo Uruguay.The parish was established on 1 May 1954. The temple is dedicated to the Virgin of Fatima. It is held by the Claretians who also run the adjacent private school Colegio y Liceo Nuestra Señora de Fátima (established 1960).
 Jibon Dhara is the third studio album by the Bangladeshi hard rock band Warfazereleased on 5th February 1997.
 Kidnapped is a 1948 Drama directed by William Beaudine starring Roddy McDowall Sue England and Dan O'Herlihy. The former child star Roddy McDowall plays David Balfour in the story about a young man cheated out of his birthright by his wicked covetous uncle Ebenezer (Houseley Stevenson).
 Cryptosaccus is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Zosinów [zɔˈɕinuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) east of Kutno and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Switch V is the fifth album by Switch and the last they recorded for Motown. Released in 1981 it was the band's first album not to feature brothers Bobby and Tommy DeBarge although Bobby does sing on one track and the last album to include Phillip Ingram who would depart for a solo career. New members Terrance Gaines and Attala Giles make their debuts on this album. After this album they signed to Total Experience Records in 1983.
 Benita: An African Romance is a 1906 novel by H Rider Haggard.
 Mordellistena korschefskyi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1941 by Ermisch.
 Andazaq (Persian: اندزق‎) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 642 in 131 families.
 Girl in Progress is a 2012 American drama film directed by Patricia Riggen. The film received a limited release on May 11 2012. Originally the film was scheduled for release on April 27 2012 but was postponed until May 11 2012 to avoid competition with The Pirates! Band of Misfits. The film received the Favorite Movie Award at the 2012 ALMA Awards which honors the accomplishments made by Hispanics in film television and music.
 Sir William Buell Richards PC Kt (May 2 1815 – January 26 1889) was the first Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.Richards was born in Brockville Upper Canada to Stephen Richards and Phoebe Buell. He earned law degree at the St. Lawrence Academy in Potsdam New York and then articled with his uncle Andrew Norton Buell in Brockville. He was called to the bar in 1837 and continued to practice in Brockville with George Malloch until 1853 and then with his uncle again.
 Al McAffrey is an American politician from Oklahoma who serves in the Oklahoma Senate representing district 46. He has served in the Oklahoma House of Representatives representing district 88. McAffrey is running for the United States House of Representatives in 2014.
 Episcopal Church of the Epiphany is a historic church at 303 W. Main Street in New Iberia Louisiana.It was built in 1858 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 Stigmata is the second album by Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy. The album was Arch Enemy's first to see worldwide release in Europe and North America on Century Media Records and in Japan again on Toy's Factory records. Stigmata features session drummer Peter Wildoer who had also appeared in Christopher Amott's solo project Armageddon on the 1997 album Crossing the Rubicon shortly before the recording of the album.
 Island of Lost Women is a 71-minute black-and-white movie directed by Frank Tuttle which was released by Warner Brothers in 1959.Its plot borrows from the 1956 science fiction classic Forbidden Planet which in turn lifted much of its plot from Shakespeare's The Tempest. Jeff Richards plays Mark Bradley a radio commentator whose pilot Joe Walker (John Smith) is flying him across the Pacific to a conference in Australia.
 Ramon C. Gonzalez Jr. (born 1947) is a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives. Gonzalez is from Perry Kansas where he serves as police chief. Elected in a special election by the Republican precinct delegates to replace Lee Tafanelli who had resigned from the State House of Representatives to become the adjutant general of Kansas.Gonzalaez spent most of his career as an employee of Southwestern Bell from which he has retired.
 Salvador Augusto Mijares Izquierdo (12 November 1897 - 29 June 1979) was a Venezuelan lawyer historian writer educator and journalist. He is best known for his biography about Simón Bolívar entitled El Libertador. He was a member of the Venezuelan Academy of History (1947) the National Academy of Political Science (1960) and the Venezuelan Academy of Language (1971).
 The Jacksonville Maritime Museum (JMM) - now known as the Jacksonville Maritime Heritage Center - tells the maritime history of Jacksonville Florida USA and the First Coast through its connection to the St. Johns River and the Atlantic Ocean. Its collection includes large scale models of ships from the Mayflower to present day vessels as well as paintings photographs and artifacts dating to 1562.
 Orthophyia longa is a prehistoric proteid salamander from the Miocene of Europe. It is now extinct. Its modern relatives include the olm and the mudpuppies.
 Ed James (born Edward Stirk) is a British disc jockey broadcaster and journalist who currently hosts the Breakfast Show for Heart West Midlands in Birmingham alongside Rachel New. He has presented the programme since 2002. He is also a columnist with the Birmingham Mail Chairman of the Birmingham Press Club and also runs a local PR and events management company.
 The House at 1 Morrison Avenue is one of a few Tudor Revival houses in in Wakefield Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1890 and has a hip roof with a copper crest a central dormer and a larger projecting gable section on the left. The single story porch wraps around two sides of the house and features a high gable over the front stairs which is decorated with bargeboard and half timbers.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Mellow Soul is an album by organist Don Patterson recorded in 1967 and released on the Prestige label.
 Stictane fractilinea is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Snellen in 1880. It is found on Sumatra and possibly in India (Sikkim) Sri Lanka and on Java.
 'D.B. Corp Ltd.' is the largest Print Media Company of India with 19.8mn readership. It's a publisher of Indian Hindi-language daily newspaper Dainik Bhaskar (Hindi: दैनिक भास्कर) Gujarati-language daily newspaper Divya Bhaskar Marathi-language daily newspaper Divya Marathi Business Bhaskar Saurashtra Samachar DB Star & DNA. It was started in year 1958 from Bhopal the capital city of Madhya Pradesh.
 The Malše (German: Maltsch) is a river in Austria and in the Czech Republic and a right tributary of the Vltava.The Malše originates on the north slope of Viehberg near the village of Sandl in Bezirk Freistadt Upper Austria. It flows northward and forms 22 kilometres (14 mi) of Austria-Czech border before fully entering the Český Krumlov District of South Bohemia near Dolní Dvořiště.
 Grand View Dairy Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located in South Heidelberg Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It has eight contributing buildings and four contributing structures. They are a 2 1/2-story log and frame farmhouse on a stone foundation (c. 1790 c. 1890); frame summer kitchen (c. 1890); smokehouse; butcher shop; stone and frame dairy barn (1849 1901); bull barn (c. 1910); and two frame sheds.
 Governor's Square is a super-regional shopping mall located on Apalachee Parkway in Tallahassee Florida. Its two-level design was a first for northern Florida when it opened in 1979 and it remains the newest of two enclosed malls in the Tallahassee area the other being Tallahassee Mall. Its anchors are Sears JCPenney Dillard's and Macy's.
 The Wild Ammonoosuc River is a tributary of the Ammonoosuc River about 15 miles (24 km) long in northwestern New Hampshire in the United States. Via the Ammonoosuc River it is part of the watershed of the Connecticut River which flows to Long Island Sound.The Wild Ammonoosuc flows for its entire length in Grafton County.
 Samserganj is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4880 and had 883 houses in the town.
 Jayaco River (Spanish: Río Jayaco) is a 14.58 km (9.06 mi) long river in the Dominican Republic province of Monseñor Nouel. A part of the Yuna River watershed the river originates in Hoyo Redonda within the Cordillera Central mountain range.The river flows east from its source and reaches its mouth at the Rincón Reservoir (Spanish: Presa de Rincón) a part of the Jima River.
 Silberschlag is a small circular Impact crater in the central portion of the Moon. It lies between the craters Agrippa to the southwest and Julius Caesar to the northeast. Silberschlag is bowl-shaped and is joined at the northern rim by a small ridge.Just to the north is the prominent Rima Ariadaeus a wide linear rille that runs toward the east-southeast. This cleft is about 220 kilometers in length and continues to the edge of Mare Tranquillitatis to the east.
 Barnum School is a historic elementary school located on Barnum Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was designed by architect George W. Briggs and built in 1926 to replace a previous school on the site that had burned. When it opened the Barnum School was considered the most modern in school design in an era of continuing educational reform.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.The school closed in June 2013.
 Evil Laugh is an independent film/horror film/splatter/slasher that touched on a tongue-in-cheek approach with avid Fangoria reader Barney providing the voice of reason.
 Rabies is Finnish industrial metal band Ruoska's fifth album and it was released on April 9 2008.
 The Virgin Spring (Swedish: Jungfrukällan) is a 1960 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman. Set in medieval Sweden it is a revenge tale about a father's merciless response to the rape and murder of his young daughter. The story was adapted by screenwriter Ulla Isaksson from a 13th-century Swedish ballad Töres döttrar i Wänge (Töre's daughters in Vänge).
 Ise Bay (伊勢湾 Ise-wan) is a bay located at the mouth of the Kiso Three Rivers between Mie and Aichi Prefectures in Japan. Ise Bay has an average depth of 19.5 metres and a maximum depth of 30 metres toward the centre. The mouth of the bay is 9 kilometres wide and is connected to the smaller Mikawa Bay by two channels: the Nakayama Channel and the Morosaki Channel. Mikawa Bay is subsequently joined to the Pacific Ocean by the Irako Channel which ranges from 50 to 100 metres in depth.
 Tihomir Novakov Ph.D known also as Tica Novakov (born March 16 1929) is an American physicist. As a scientist Novakov is known for his black carbon air quality and climate change research.
 The New Providence Wharf is a residential development in London's Docklands at the north end of the Blackwall Tunnel. It was designed by Skidmore Owings and Merrill and is being developed by Ballymore a property development company.It consists of a crescent-shaped block along Fairmont Avenue and Yabsley Street plus two skyscrapers. The Ontario Tower has already been built but the taller Quebec Tower is apparently on hold.
 Wetherby-Hampton-Snyder-Wilson-Erdman Log House also known as Cockleburr Prologue House and Cabindale is a historic home located in Tredyffrin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1725 and is a 2 1/2-story 2 bay dwelling. The first story is of slate and the upper stories of log construction. A 2 1/2-story stone wing was added between 1817 and 1835.
 Mynydd y Gwair (Penlle’r Castell) (English: The Hay Mountain) is a mountain in Swansea Wales. Mynydd y Gwair is 373m/1224 ft high.[1]
 Margaretamys is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae. It contains the following species: Beccari's Margareta Rat (Margaretamys beccarii) Christine's Margareta Rat (Margaretamys christinae) Elegant Margareta Rat (Margaretamys elegans) Little Margareta Rat (Margaretamys parvus)↑ ↑
 Leland G. Christensen is a Republican member of the Wyoming Senate representing the 17th district since 2011. The 17th district is Teton and Fremont counties.
 Nasreddin in Bukhara (Russian: Насреддин в Бухаре) is a 1943 Soviet comedy film directed by Yakov Protazanov based on the Leonid Solovyev novel Disturber of the Peace about Nasreddin.
 The Krone (3187 m) is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located on the border between Austria and Switzerland. It lies south of the Fluchthorn on the range between the Jamtal (Tyrol) and the Val Fenga (Graubünden).
 Inside Wants Out is the debut extended play (EP) and very first overall release by American blues rock musician John Mayer. Released by Mayer Music on September 24 1999 the album was later re-released by Columbia Records on August 2 2002 with the omission of Neon 12:47 AM. The songs Back to You No Such Thing My Stupid Mouth and Neon were later re-recorded for Mayer's 2001 full-length debut album Room for Squares.
 Vladimir Nikolaevich Novikov (Russian: Владимир Николаевич Новиков; Novgorod Governorate 23 November [O.S. 6 December] 1907 – Moscow 21 July 2000) was a Soviet-Russian statesman was Chairman of the State Planning Committee from 1960 to 1962 and Chairman of the Supreme Soviet of the National Economy from 1962 to 1965.
 The Great Synagogue of Gibraltar also known as Kahal Kadosh Sha'ar HaShamayim (Hebrew: קהל קדוש שער השמיים‎) is located in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar and was the first synagogue on the Iberian Peninsula to operate since the expulsions from Spain and Portugal in 1492 and 1497 respectively.
 Little Nemo: Adventures in Slumberland known in Japan as simply Nemo is a 1989 Japanese/American animated feature film directed by Masami Hata and William T. Hurtz. Loosely based on the comic strip Little Nemo in Slumberland by Winsor McCay the film went through a lengthy development process with a number of screenwriters. Ultimately the screenplay was credited to Chris Columbus and Richard Outten; the storyline and art style differed from the original version.
 Aesthetic Theory (German: Asthetische Theorie) is a book by the German philosopher Theodor Adorno which was culled from drafts written between 1961 and 1969 ultimately published posthumously in 1970.
 Jane Bradley Pettit was an American philanthropist.
 The small island of Banda Api (Indonesian api fire) is an active volcano in the Banda Sea at the center of the Banda Islands group. It has been known to Europeans since the Age of Exploration when the Portuguese Empire and the Kingdom of the Netherlands competed in the area for spice trade. A 7 km wide and mostly submerged caldera is located at the northwest corner of the volcano.
 Out Of Our Minds (also abbreviated as OOOM) is the second solo album from Melissa Auf der Maur released on March 30 2010.Released six years after her self-titled debut the album was also accompanied by a feature film and comic of the same name. According to reports the album has been completed since 2007.
 Austrodinychus is a genus of mites in the family Nenteriidae.
 The Château de Cambiac is a 15th-century castle in the commune of Cambiac in the Haute-Garonne département of France.Originally a vast 15th century residence it was probably constructed on the foundations of an earlier structure. It was given to the sieur Milhau constable of Montauban by Marguerite de Navarre.At the end of the 19th century massive restoration works gave the castle an extra floor and a pavilion.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād; also known as Moḩammadābād-e Pā’īn and Kalāteh-ye Mad Ḩājjī) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District Jolgeh-e Mazhan District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Chrysallida brevicula is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies. The species is one of multiple species within the Chrysallida genus of gastropods.
 Mahendra Chandra Vinod (born 1922) was a Fiji Indian civil servant and editor who has also been a member of the House of Representatives of Fiji.He was born in Nacokaika Naitasiri Fiji and after completing his Bachelor of Science from the University of Hawaii and Diploma in Journalism from New Delhi joined the Fiji civil service. He retired from the civil service in 1979 and became the editor of the Hindi language newspaper Shanti Dut in 1981.
 Trương Như Tảng (born 1923 Cholon French Indochina) is a Vietnamese lawyer and politician living in France. He was active in many anti-South Vietnamese organizations before joining the newly created Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Republic of South Vietnam as the Minister of Justice. He spent many years in the jungles near and in Cambodia until the Fall of Saigon in 1975.
 Stenalia aethiopica is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1968.
 Dysphania sagana is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in southern Vietnam Thailand Peninsular Malaysia and on Sumatra and Borneo. The basal half of the forewings is chrome-yellow while the outer half is bluish black crossed by two bands of semitransparent white spots. The hindwings are chrome-yellow with a black spot at the end of the cell. The apex and a submarginal row of spots are black.
 East Head Reservoir also known as East Head Pond is a 92-acre (370000 m2) pond in Carver and Plymouth Massachusetts within the Myles Standish State Forest located northeast of the forest headquarters east of Barrett Pond southwest of New Long Pond and College Pond and northwest of Fearing Pond. The reservoir is the headwaters to the Wankinco River.
 Sherwin T. Gatchalian (born April 6 1974) is a notable figure in business and politics. He was the mayor of Valenzuela Philippines where he served three terms and is currently the Representative-elect of the First Legislative District of the same city for the House of Representatives of the Philippines. Prior to his taking office as the city mayor he also served in the House from 2001 to 2004.
 Stylonuridae are an extinct family of prehistoric eurypterids within the Superfamily Stylonuroidea.
 Bruce Poliquin is a Maine politician and investor. From 2011 to 2013 he was the State Treasurer of Maine. He was a candidate for the Republican nomination for the United States Senate in 2012 finishing second in the primary election.
 Mirror Ball is the twenty-second studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young and features members of Pearl Jam. It was released on June 27 1995 through Reprise Records. The album has been certified gold by the RIAA in the United States.
 Young Hearts is a compilation album by the Steve Miller Band released in September 2003 by Capitol Records. It is the first single-disc career-spanning compilation for the band including material from their earliest days through their latest (at the time) album.
 Die Arche (aka The Ark) is a 1919 silent science fiction film starring Leo Connard and directed by Richard Oswald. It is a two-part German epic based upon a novel by Werner Scheff. It follows the story of a near future in which civilization has been destroyed.
 Sim Greene and Tom the Tinker's Men: A Narrative of the Whisky Insurrection Being a Setting Forth of the Memoirs of the Late David Froman Esquire is an historical novel by the American writer Richard Taylor Wiley.It is set in 1790s Western Pennsylvania near Pittsburgh against the backdrop of the Whiskey Rebellion.
 The Future of Ideas: The Fate of the Commons in a Connected World (2001) is a book by Lawrence Lessig at the time of writing a professor of law at Stanford Law School who is well known as a critic of the extension of the copyright term in US.
 Hjalmar Johan Fredrik Procopé (8 August 1889 – 8 March 1954) was a Finnish politician and a diplomat from the Swedish People's Party. Procopé was a minister in several cabinets in the 1920s and 1930s.Hjalmar Procopé was born on August 8 1889 to Major General Carl Albert Fredrik Procopé and Elin Hedvig Vendla von Törne. After receiving his baccalaureate in 1907 Procopé studied law at Helsinki University (then the Imperial University of Finland).
 The Kansas City Kansan is an online newspaper that serves Kansas City Kansas and other towns in Wyandotte County.
 Iton Tel Aviv (Hebrew: עיתון תל אביב‎) is an Israeli newspaper based in Tel Aviv. The Hebrew-language newspaper covers general news in Israel.
 Number the Stars is a work of historical fiction by Newbery Award award-winning author Lois Lowry. It is about the escape of a Jewish family from Copenhagen during Occupation of Denmark on Second World War because of the Holocaust.The story centers around ten-year-old Annemarie Johansen who lived in Copenhagen Denmark in 1943 and was caught up in the events surrounding the rescue of the Danish Jews.
 Ashoka The Great is a fictional biography of the emperor Ashoka. It was originally written in Dutch in the form of a trilogy by Wytze Keuning in 1937-1947. These were translated into English and combined into a single volume by J.E.Steur.
 The Quantum Rose is a science fiction novel by Catherine Asaro which tells the story of Kamoj Argali and Skolian Prince Havyrl Valdoria. The book is set in her Saga of the Skolian Empire. It won the 2001 Nebula Award for Best Novel and the 2001 Affaire de Coeur Award for Best Science Fiction. The first third of the novel appeared as a three-part serialization in Analog magazine in the 1999 May June and July/August issues. Tor Books published the full novel in 2000.
 Cryptograms is the second album from Atlanta Georgia-based indie rock group Deerhunter released through Kranky Records on January 29 2007 on CD and vinyl. Following the 2005 release of its first full-length album Turn It Up Faggot Deerhunter began recording material for its next record at Rare Book Room studio in New York. This initial recording session failed due to the physical and mental state of lead singer Bradford Cox as well as malfunctioning equipment in the studio.
 Glenn L. Emmons originally of Atmore Alabama served as Commissioner of the Bureau of Indian Affairs beginning on August 10 1953. Previously he was a banker in Gallup beginning in 1929. He succeeded Dillon S. Myer.
 John Ambler Smith (September 23 1847 – January 6 1892) was a U.S.
 El Profesor erótico is a 1976 Argentine film.
 Marwan Fares (Qaa born 1947) is a Lebanese politician.Doctorate in French literature and professor at the Lebanese University he is a member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party.He was elected for the Greek-Catholic seat in Baalbek-Hermel since 1996 supported by Hezbollah and pro-Syrian parties. He chaired between 1996 and 2005 the Parliamentary Committee on Human Rights.
 For others with a similar name see Antonio Muñoz (disambiguation).Antonio Munoz is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate representing the 1st District since 1999.
 The Ishpatina Ridge is the highest point of land in the Canadian province of Ontario at an estimated 693 m (2274 ft) above sea level. Ishpatina Ridge rises approximately 300 m (984 ft) above the immediate area. The ridge lies in Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater Provincial Park. Because of its remote location Ishpatina Ridge is not very accessible; the closest major highway Highway 560 is more than 30 km away and roads and trails in the remote area are difficult to travel in poor weather.
 The Smoky God or A Voyage Journey to the Inner Earth is a novel of 1908 by Willis George Emerson which is presented as a true account of a Norwegian sailor named Olaf Jansen and explains how Jansen's sloop sailed through an entrance to the Earth's interior at the North Pole.
 Gomphosus is a genus of wrasses native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
 We Have Arrived is the debut studio album by thrash metal band Dark Angel released in March 1985.We Have Arrived has been reissued at least two times. In 1986 it was re-released by the French recording label Axe Killer in a 2000 number limited edition. It was then re-released once again in 1997 by Axe Killer. The label attached to the plastic wrap says that this is a remastered edition but there is no indication of it in the booklet.
 Agorius constrictus is a species of ant mimicking jumping spider from Singapore.
 Gerrymandering is a 2010 documentary feature film written and directed by Jeff Reichert. The film explores the history and the ethical moral and racial problems raised by redistricting i.e. the drawing of boundaries of electoral districts in the United States.Gerrymandering covers the history of the redistricting practice how it is used and abused how it benefits the two major political parties Democrats and Republicans.
 Kus Anbar (Persian: كوس عنبر‎ also Romanized as Kūs ‘Anbar) is a village in Saral Rural District Saral District Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 268 in 47 families.
 The Vagabond is a silent film by Charlie Chaplin and his third film with Mutual Films. Released to theaters on July 10 1916 it co-starred Edna Purviance Eric Campbell Leo White and Lloyd Bacon. This film echoed Chaplin's work on The Tramp with more drama and pathos mixed in with the comedy.
 Ruszenice [ruʂɛˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Żarnów 22 km (14 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Nieuwerkerken Castle is a castle in Nieuwerkerken Belgium.
 Police Story 4: First Strike (Chinese: 警察故事4之簡單任務 released in the United Kingdom as Jackie Chan's First Strike) is a 1996 Hong Kong action film written and directed by Stanley Tong starring Jackie Chan Jackson Lou Wu Chen-chun and Bill Tung. The film was released in Hong Kong on 10 February 1996.Jackie reprises his role as Chan Ka-kui (also known in some versions as Jackie) yet again as a Hong Kong cop who works with Interpol to track down and arrest an illegal weapons dealer.
 Dacetinops is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 El Derecho de Nacer (The Right to be Born) is a Mexican film produced in 1951. It is based on a Cuban radionovela (radioplay) of the same name by Félix B. Caignet. The movie starred by Gloria Marín broke box-office records in Mexico when it was first released
 Łazy-Poręba [ˈwazɨ pɔˈrɛmba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice within Milicz County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Khan Abbasi (Persian: خان عباسي‎ also Romanized as Khān ‘Abbāsī) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Sofla Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 291 in 72 families.
 The Port of Indiana-Burns Harbor is an industrial area founded in 1965 and located on the Lake Michigan shore of Indiana at the intersection of U.S. Highway 12 and Indiana 249. The primary work done in the area is the manufacturing of steel and the port area is dominated by steel mills. The port is divided between the municipalities of Burns Harbor and Portage.
 Eudonia philerga is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in New Zealand.
 Habeeb Zain Arif (born in Hyderabad India) is an Indian politician and the present Corporator of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation MIM .
 Sir Alan Samuel Marre CB KCB (25 February 1914 - 20 March 1990) was a civil servant serving most notably as Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration and as the first Health Service Commissioner for England Scotland and Wales.Marre was the son of an immigrant tobacconist and was educated at St Olave's Grammar School in Orpington Kent. He went to Trinity Hall Cambridge where he achieved a double first.He joined the Ministry of Health and was Assistant Principal in 1936.
 Jacquou le Croquant is a 2007 French historical film based on the novel by Eugène Le Roy. Set in the Dordogne during the Bourbon Restoration it tells the story of a young peasant who leads a revolt against an evil nobleman. It was nominated for two César Awards in 2008.
 Zion Baptist Church in Collinsville Mississippi is a Carpenter Gothic church built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Church of St. Philip Neri is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located on the west side of the Grand Concourse at East 202nd Street Bedford Park Bronx New York City.
 The Indian Shaker Church and Gulick Homestead are an ensemble of historic buildings in The Dalles Oregon United States. Built by Henry Gulick directly on the Columbia riverbank in the 1890s it is the only remaining 19th century fishing homestead in Oregon. Gulick an employee of the locally-important Seufert salmon canning concern included a church building in the complex in ca. 1896 for his wife Harriet a member of the Wasco people.
 Curtains for Three is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1951 and itself collected in the omnibus volume Full House (Viking 1955). The book comprises three stories that first appeared in The American Magazine: The Gun with Wings (December 1949) Bullet for One (July 1948) Disguise for Murder (September 1950 as The Twisted Scarf)
 Granite Wash is a stream located in Mohave County Arizona north of Bullhead City. The name was collected by the United States Geological Survey between 1976 and 1980 and entered into the Geographic Names Information System on February 8 1980.
 Elíseo Arango Ramos (16 April 1900 — 17 December 1977) was a Colombian lawyer and diplomat who served as 4th Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations and as Minister of Foreign Affairs. A Conservative Party ideologue and politician he was part of the far-right group known as Los Leopardos (The Leopards).
 South of Suva is a lost 1922 silent film drama starring Mary Miles Minter. It was directed by Frank Urson and produced by the Realart Company a knock production unit of Adolph Zukor's.
 Celtic Pride is a 1996 American comedy written by Judd Apatow and Colin Quinn and directed by Tom DeCerchio. It stars Daniel Stern and Dan Aykroyd as Mike O'Hara and Jimmy Flaherty two passionate Boston Celtics fans and Damon Wayans as Lewis Scott the Utah Jazz's All-Star shooting guard.The film was a critical and commercial failure.
 Wólka Smolana [ˈvulka smɔˈlana] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów within Sochaczew County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Brochów 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Sochaczew and 48 km (30 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Beauty is the Beast (Japanese: 美女が野獣 Hepburn: Bijo ga Yaju) is a manga series written and illustrated by Tomo Matsumoto published in English by Viz Media's Shojo Beat.
 Karuna Nadee (River of Kindness) is an oratorio for chorus and orchestra based on the life of Buddha by the Sri Lankan composer Dinesh Subasinghe. It was composed in 2010 and released on CD in November of that year.
 The Economics of John Maynard Keynes: The Theory of Monetary Economy is a non-fiction work by Dudley Dillard which seeks to make The General Theory of Employment Interest and Money by John Maynard Keynes understandable to both the economist and to the non-economist. It was first published in 1948.In addition to explaining the economic theories of Keynes Dillard also includes a chapter on Keynes’s philosophical development and the “social philosophy toward which it leads.”
 The Century of Progress Architectural District a part of the eastern unit of Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore is an historic district on Lake Front Drive in Beverly Shores Porter County Indiana. The district comprises five buildings all from the Homes of Tomorrow Exhibition during the 1933 Century of Progress World's Fair which took place in Chicago.
 Punisher: War Zone is a 2008 comic book action film directed by Lexi Alexander; based on the fictional Marvel Comics vigilante/anti-hero the Punisher. It is the third film to depict the Marvel character Frank Castle (the Punisher).
 The Pârâul Aspru is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 Creature Feature is an animal gag cartoon strip which appeared weekly in the Sunday Times supplement Funday Times for over 15 years and is currently syndicated throughout the world including Germany and the Middle East (Khaleej Times). Created by cartoonist Dave Follows the Creature Feature is still the longest running cartoon strip ever to appear in The Sunday Times supplement.The last printed edition of the Funday Times was published on Sunday March 12 2006.
 Röthen is a river of Thuringia Bavaria Germany.
 The Stub-tailed Antbird (Myrmeciza berlepschi) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Robert Mercer Taliaferro Hunter (April 21 1809 – July 18 1887) was an American statesman born in Essex County Virginia.
 Passamaquoddy Bay is an inlet of the Bay of Fundy between the U.S. state of Maine and the Canadian province of New Brunswick at the mouth of the St. Croix River. Most of the bay lies within Canada with its western shore bounded by Washington County Maine. The southernmost point is formed by West Quoddy Head on the U.S.
 Tibor Scitovszky de Nagykér (21 June 1875 – 12 April 1959) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1924 and 1925. He started his career in the Ministry of Trade after he attended the university in Budapest and Paris. During the Treaty of Trianon he participated in the peace negotiations. He was the chairman of the Magyar Általános Hitelbank from 1944.
 Rockcliffe Mansion is located in Hannibal Missouri (USA) and was built in 1898 by John J. Cruikshank Jr. a descendant of Scottish immigrants whose fortune was founded on lumber. He erected the residence on [West] Bird Street. It came to be acknowledged as the most imposing beautiful and costly residential structure in that part of the state of Missouri.
 Loxostege is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Easan (Tamil: ஈசன்) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language drama film written directed and produced by M. Sasikumar directing his second film after the blockbuster Subramaniapuram. It stars Samudrakani Vaibhav producer A. L. Alagappan and Abhinaya in lead roles alongside several newcomers. The film was known and referred to as Nagaram and Aaga Chiranthavan before the official title was confirmed. It released on 17 December 2010.
 Dynamosport was the official magazine of the Sportvereinigung Dynamo. It covered the organization and events of the roughly 190 Dynamo clubs in the GDR. It was founded in 1966 and was published until 23 November 1989. The logo looks like a brushed painting with the writing Dynamosport in white in background in wine-red.
 Mount Ephraim is a 1490-foot (450 m) mountain near Springfield Vermont U.S. and the highest land mass in the Precision Valley. It features one of several mysterious stone monuments that appear through the area.
 Casa Paoli (English: Paoli House) on 2648 Mayor Street barrio Cuarto Ponce Puerto Rico is nationally significant as the birthplace of Antonio Emilio Paoli y Marcano (1871–1946) a tenor who was the first Puerto Rican to reach international recognition in the performing arts and one of the most outstanding opera singers of all times. Paoli was introduced to art and opera at this house during his formative years.
 The Julius I. Foust Building at 1000 W. Spring Garden St. in Greensboro North Carolina was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was designed by Orlo Epps and partner Hackett.
 Live: Canterbury Comes to London is a live recording of the progressive rock band Caravan from 17 September 1997 being released 20 April 1999.
 Beneath the Valley of the Ultra-Vixens (1979) is a satirical sexploitation film starring Kitten Natividad and Ann Marie with a cameo by Uschi Digard. It was directed by American motion picture director Russ Meyer and written by Roger Ebert and Meyer.
 Can't Win With You! (きみには勝てない! Kimi ni wa Katenai! aka. High School Nights) is a Japanese manga written by Satosumi Takaguchi and illustrated by Yukine Honami. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga's three bound volumes through its imprint Juné between August 15 2007 and March 11 2008. The manga is licensed in Germany as High School Nights by Tokyopop Germany.
 Benaam Badsha is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by K. Ravi Shankar and produced by K. Ramji. It stars Anil Kapoor Juhi Chawla and Shilpa Shirodkar in pivotal roles. This was a remake of Tamil film Pudhiya Paadhai.Dialogues of this movie became quite successful credits to Iqbal Durrani audio cassette of dialogues were released.
 Guvard (Persian: گوورد‎ also Romanized as Gūvard; also known as Gūrd) is a village in Jirandeh Rural District Amarlu District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 160 in 35 families.
 Monteixo is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an height of 2905 metres.The village of Àreu is located at the foot of the mountain.Together with Pic de Norís (2820 m) and Lo Sentinella (2562 m) Monteixo is part of a mountain chain that surrounds Lake d'Aixeus a glacial lake at an altitude of 2400m.
 Simisola is a 1994 novel by British crime writer Ruth Rendell. It features her recurring detective Inspector Wexford and is the 16th in the series. Though a murder mystery the book also touches on the themes of racism and welfare dependency.
 Acarolella stereopis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 The Valea Andreiașului River is a tributary of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 In Every Direction is the third EP released by the Swedish band Junip and the second single from the band's album Fields.
 Truth is the debut album by the Jeff Beck Group released in 1968 in the United Kingdom on Columbia Records and in the United States on Epic Records. It introduced the talents of Rod Stewart and Ronnie Wood to a larger audience and peaked at number 15 on the Billboard 200.
 Scouse the Mouse is a children's album released in the UK in 1977 that featured the vocals of Ringo Starr and others.
 The Sărand River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede river in Romania
 Eleutherodactylus leucopus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Pot Boiler is a 2007 album by The Verlaines on Flying Nun Records.
 MTV Unplugged in New York is a live album by the American grunge band Nirvana. It features an acoustic performance taped at Sony Music Studios in New York City on November 18 1993 for the television series MTV Unplugged. The show was directed by Beth McCarthy and first aired on the cable television network MTV on December 16 1993.
 The Amanda Conk Best House at 3622 South 1100 East in Millcreek Utah was built in 1896.
 Esmaeelabad Mirjaveh (Persian: اسماعیل‌آباد ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 23 families.
 Princess of Gossip is a Young Adult novel by Sabrina Bryan (The Cheetah Girls Dancing with the Stars) and Julia DeVillers (How My Private Personal Journal Became A Bestseller). The book published by MTV/Simon & Schuster was released on October 7 and sold out on Amazon.com on the first day.
 Keep Your Receipt is a small release by Reel Big Fish in 1997 between their albums Turn the Radio Off and Why Do They Rock So Hard. It includes songs from their two previous releases; the aforementioned Turn the Radio Off and 1995's Everything Sucks plus a cover of an Operation Ivy song previously released on a tribute album.The release also features enhanced CD-ROM content.
 Atlasova (also known as Atlasov or Nylgimelkin) is a basaltic shield volcano situated in Kamchatka. It is named after Russian explorer Vladimir Atlasov.
 Fifth Third Bank Tower is a high rise in Indianapolis Indiana. It was completed in 1983 and has 17 floors. It is primarily used for office space.
 Tân Mỹ is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Chợ Mới District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 The Single Moms Club is a 2014 American comedy-drama film produced written and directed by Tyler Perry. The film stars Nia Long Wendi McLendon-Covey Zulay Henao Cocoa Brown Amy Smart Terry Crews and Perry. The film was released on March 14 2014.
 Wyoming Apartments is an historic apartment building located at 2022 Columbia Road Northwest Washington D.C. in the Kalorama neighborhood.
 Mitra typha is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 The Saturdays (1941) is a children's novel by the award-winning author Elizabeth Enright. The first of her four books about the Melendy family it is followed by The Four-Story Mistake Then There Were Five and Spiderweb for Two: A Melendy Maze. It tells of the adventures of the four Melendy children who pool their allowances and take turns having adventures in pre-World War II New York City.
 Der letzte Fußgänger is a 1960 West German film directed by Wilhelm Thiele.
 Bölkau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Mordella pauli is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1924.
 For the tribe see Chickahominy (tribe).The Chickahominy is an 87-mile-long (140 km) river in the eastern portion of the U.S. state of Virginia. The river which serves as the eastern border of Charles City County rises about 15 miles (24 km) northwest of Richmond and flows southeast and south to the James River. The river was named after the Chickahominy Indian tribe who lived near the river when it was claimed by English colonists in 1607 and whose descendants live in Charles City VA today.
 Majówka [maˈjufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Supraśl and 12 km (7 mi) east of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 10.
 Black Perl is a famous piece of Perl poetry. It was posted to Usenet on April 1 1990. It is written in Perl 3 and will not parse under Perl 5. Multiple independent updates to Black Perl to make it parsable in Perl 5 have been published. The full text of the poem is reproduced below.
 Drill is the self-titled debut album by Drill released on March 5 1996.
 The Golden Valley County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in the city of Beach in Golden Valley County North Dakota. The courthouse was built in 1923 in the Federal Revival style; it is one of two courthouses in North Dakota to have been built in this style the other being the Logan County Courthouse. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 14 1985.
 The Antelope Valley adjacent to the Nevada/Utah state line and located in southeast Elko County and northeast White Pine County Nevada is a 70 mi (113 km) long endorheic valley. The valley curves around the Dolly Varden and Kinsley Mountains and the Antelope Range.The valley is separated into two sections north and south with an unnamed badlands region (though labelled as such) between eastern mountain ranges on its central-east perimeter.
 Outlanders (アウトランダーズ Autorandāzu) is a popular manga comic written by Johji Manabe combining aspects of the space opera science fantasy fan service magical girlfriend and harem genres.
 Ricla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Gerrhosauridae is a family of lizards native to Africa and Madagascar. Also known as plated lizards they live in a range of habitats from rocky crevices to sand dunes. Their form is variable with some species having four fully developed limbs and others with vestigial hind limbs only. Most species are believed to be oviparous.
 Bell Rock Memorial Park is a public park between Main Wigglesworth Meridan and Ellis Streets in Malden Massachusetts. The west side of the rock is the site of the two earliest Congregational meeting houses in Malden (First Meeting House 1649-1658 and Second Meeting House 1660-1730). The park also has an American Civil War memorial statue The Flag Defenders by Bela Pratt and a World War II memorial. The park was laid out in 1910 by Frederick Law Olmsted Jr.
 Daniel Lozada is a Peruvian economist who served as interior minister from December 2011 to May 2012.
 The Scărișoara River is a headwater of the Plescioara River in Romania.
 Ronin is a 1998 American spy thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring Robert De Niro Jean Reno Natascha McElhone Stellan Skarsgård Sean Bean and Jonathan Pryce. Written by J.D. Zeik and David Mamet the film is about two of several former special forces and intelligence agents who team up to steal a mysterious heavily guarded case while navigating a maze of shifting loyalties and alliances. The film is noted for its car chases through Nice and Paris.
 The East Branch Nezinscot River is a 19.4-mile-long (31.2 km) river in Maine. It flows from its source (44°26′22″N 70°27′16″W) on Black Mountain in Peru to its confluence with the West Branch in Buckfield. The resulting river the Nezinscot continues east to the Androscoggin River which flows to the Kennebec River near its mouth at the Atlantic Ocean.
 Live in Bucharest: The Dangerous Tour is a live concert DVD by American recording artist Michael Jackson released on July 25 2005. The DVD was previously included with The Ultimate Collection box set in 2004. The concert took place during Jackson's first leg on his Dangerous World Tour on October 1 1992 at the Bucharest National Stadium with a sold-out attendance of 70000.
 Ballads of Living and Dying is Marissa Nadler's first album released in 2004 on Eclipse Records.
 Sirali is a town in the Harda district Madhya Pradesh India. The town has an estimated population of 8507 people and life revolves around the Machak River the life line of the town.Among its attractions is the Shri Tilbhandeshwar(Shivaji) Mandir temple. Sri Radha-Krishan is also located in Sirali.The nearest cities to Sirali include Harda Khirkiya and Khandwa.now sirali is the fourth tehsil of Harda district.[citation needed]
 Soul in Love is the fourth studio album and second cover album by Filipino singer Jay R released in January 2008 by Universal Records. The album showcases his vocal quality and range singing classical R&Bs and jazzes that he grew up listening to like After the Love Has Gone Always and Forever and Ain't No Sunshine. It received highly positive reviews from OPM critics and won numerous awards for his outstanding vocal performance.
 Helicella orzai is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies. This species is endemic to Spain.
 St Peter's Church Crewe is located in Earle Street Crewe Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Nantwich the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is combined with that of All Saints and St Paul Crewe. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Haddon Lee Sarokin (born November 25 1928) is a retired U.S. district judge and U.S. appeals court judge. Sarokin served on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit from 1994 until 1996.
 Water politics in the Jordan River basin are the political issues of water within the Jordan River drainage basin including competing claims and water usage and issues of riparian rights of surface water along transnational rivers as well as the availability and usage of ground water.
 Würm is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Devil Went Down to the Holy Land is Israeli groove metal band Betzefer's third full-length studio album released in November 25 2013.
 Doomsday Rock 'n Roll is an album by Norwegian heavy metal / hard rock band Chrome Division. The album reached #31 on the Norwegian albums chart.
 Monella (titled Frivolous Lola in the UK) is a 1998 Italian comedy film-erotic film directed by Tinto Brass.
 Gymnobela lanceata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Ship is a novel written by British author C. S. Forester set in the Mediterranean during World War II and first published in May 1943. It follows the life of a Royal Navy light cruiser for a single action including a detailed analysis of many of the men on board and the contribution they made.
 The Alberta Railway Museum (ARM) located in the north end of Edmonton Alberta houses a collection of railway equipment and buildings. It has locomotives from both the Canadian National Railways (CNR) and Northern Alberta Railways (NAR).
 Nanobagrus stellatus is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to Indonesia where it is found in the Batain Hari basin of Sumatra. It grows to a length of 3.4 cm and is colored brown with three rows of cream-colored spots that are located above along and below the lateral line.
 The Hamilton General Hospital (HGH) is a major teaching hospital in downtown Hamilton Canada on the corners of Barton Street East and Victoria Avenue North. It is operated by Hamilton Health Sciences and is formally affiliated with McMaster University.HGH is also a trauma centre handling cases in and outside of Toronto in Southern Ontario.
 Hawaii is the fourth studio album by English musical project the High Llamas released on 1 January 1996 on V2 Records.
 Zaskwierki [zaskˈfʲɛrkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska within Pisz County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Biała Piska 22 km (14 mi) east of Pisz and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Genesis Alpha is a young adult and science fiction novel by Icelandic author Rune Michaels and was first published in 2007.
 The Narrative of John Smith (2011) is a novel written in 1883 by Arthur Conan Doyle published posthumously by The British Library. In a work of narrative fiction Doyle writes from the perspective of a middle-aged bachelor named John Smith recovering from rheumatic gout. Unlike his later work in detective fiction fantasy and science fiction this novel unfolds through a series of tangential essay-like thoughts stemming from observations on everyday life.
 Alias a Gentleman is a 1948 film starring Wallace Beery. The supporting cast includes Gladys George and Sheldon Leonard and the movie was directed by Harry Beaumont.
 Old School Gouls is a metal album by horror rock group Impaler.
 Clark Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation around 9000 feet (2700 m). Clark Glacier is just to the southwest of South Sister an extinct stratovolcano.
 James Jim Shelton is the Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Department of Education. Prior to assuming this office Shelton served as the assistant deputy secretary for innovation and improvement managing a portfolio that included most of the Department's competitive teacher quality school choice and learning technology programs.
 Negative Outlook is the first EP by Sworn Enemy released in 2000 on Stillborn Records. It was re-released in 2004.
 Opalla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Salvage is a 2006 horror film by the Crook Brothers. It was an official selection of the 2006 Sundance Festival. According to the directors' commentary the film was shot for around $25000. It stars Lauren Currie Lewis as Claire Parker Cody Darbe as her boyfriend Jimmy and Chris Ferry as the killer Duke Desmond.
 Mimacraea fulvaria is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of dense forests.Adults mimic Acraea aurivillii.The larvae feed on algae growing on tree trunks.
 Petrit Vasili is an Albanian politician. He is the secretary of Socialist Movement for Integration party and minister of health in the cabinet of Sali Berisha.
 Barczewko [barˈt͡ʂɛfkɔ] (German: Alt Wartenburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Brzezie-Huby [ˈbʐɛʑɛ ˈxubɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostyń within Gostyń County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Gostyń and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Simyra is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Witchcraft VIII: Salem's Ghost (also known as Salem's Ghost: Witchcraft) is the eighth film in the Witchcraft horror film series. This film is a major departure from the first seven films. Rather than reviving the Will Spanner character (who died in Witchcraft VII: Judgement Hour but was brought back from the dead in Witchcraft IX: Bitter Flesh) Vista Street chose to make a stand alone chapter of the series which would spawn a saga revolved around Salem's Ghost.
 How to Make Love Like a Porn Star: A Cautionary Tale is the autobiography of adult film star Jenna Jameson published August 17 2004. It was mainly written by co-writer Neil Strauss later famous for writing The Game and published by ReganBooks a division of HarperCollins. It was an instant best-seller spending six weeks on the New York Times Best Seller list.
 Stictochironomus han is a species of fly belonging to the family Chironomidae (non-biting midges). This is a relatively large dark brown species distinguished from related species by the wing being distinctively marked with several dark patches and by details of the genitalia. The specific name refers to the Han River in Korea where the species was discovered.
 Old Brown's Mill School is a historic one-room school located at Antrim Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1836 and is a 1 1/2-story limestone building with an A-shaped shingle roof. It houses a school until 1921. It was restored in 1934 and in 1962 was acquired by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Edwin R. Pacheco (born 1981) is a former Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing the 47th District since 2005. During his tenure sessions he served on the House Committees on Corporations Municipal Government Oversight and Separation of Powers. In May 2010 Pacheco was elected as Chairman of the Democratic Party in Rhode Island.
 Hong Kong Confidential (Latvian: Amaya) is a 2010 romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Latvian director Māris Martinsons.It was chosen as Latvia's submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist.
 Frank S. Lombardo III (born July 12 1958) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island Senate representing District 25 since January 2011.
 The 79th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This date was January 2 1877 which was two weeks before the beginning of the third administrative year of Governor John P.
 The canal de l’Aisne à la Marne is an 58.1 km long canal which connects the Aisne and the Marne valleys. It runs from Berry-au-Bac to Condé-sur-Marne in northeastern France. It was completed in 1866 and rebuilt after being entirely destroyed during World War I.
 Reaper's Grave is an EP by Toxic Holocaust.
 Gamal Abdel Nasser Hussein (Arabic: جمال عبد الناصر حسين‎ IPA: [ɡæˈmæːl ʕæbdenˈnɑːsˤeɾ ħeˈseːn]; 15 January 1918 – 28 September 1970) was the second President of Egypt serving from 1956 until his death. He planned the 1952 overthrow of the monarchy and was deputy prime minister in the new government. In 1953 Nasser introduced far-reaching land reforms.
 Il giorno più corto (also known as The Shortest Day) is a 1962 Italian Comedy film. It is a parody of the war movie The Longest Day and stars the popular duo Ciccio Ingrassia and Franco Franchi in the leading roles. Dozens of many other well-known actors accepted to appear in the movie in cameo roles for free to avert the bankruptcy of the production company Titanus.
 Suess is a small lunar impact crater on the Oceanus Procellarum. It is a circular cup-shaped feature with a higher albedo than the surroundings. The closest significant crater is Reiner about 150 kilometers to the west-northwest.
 24 is a compilation of 24 hits from Christian group Point of Grace. It was released in 2003 by Word Records.
 To Be Happy (快樂為主) is an album by Taiwanese pop singer Evonne Hsu released in 2002.
 Serrivomer danae is an eel in the family Nemichthyidae (snipe eels). It was described by Louis Roule and Léon Bertin in 1924.
 Budhivanta (translation: Intelligent) (also known as Buddhimanthudu in Telugu) is a 2008 Kannada language film starring Upendra in the lead role. It was directed by Ramnath Rigvedhi. It is a remake of the Tamil film Naan Avanillai. It was released on 26 September 2008. The film was supposed to be released on Upendra's birthday 18 September 2008 but because of the delay in censor certification the release date got postponed to 26 September 2008.
 Éric Charbonneau (born July 11 1969 in Montreal Quebec) is a politician from Quebec Canada. He was an Action démocratique du Québec Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Johnson from 2007 to 2008.Éric Charbonneau graduated from the Université de Sherbrooke with a bachelor and masters degree in economics.
 Gridlock'd is a 1997 crime thriller comedy-drama starring Tupac Shakur Tim Roth and Thandie Newton. It was the directorial debut of Vondie Curtis-Hall who also wrote the story and screenplay and had a small part in the film. The film's opening was relatively low despite critical acclaim; its opening weekend netted only $2678372 and it finished with a little over $5.5 million. The film paid tribute to star Tupac Shakur who had been murdered four months prior to the film's release.
 Gokarna is a 2003 Kannada film starring Upendra and Rakshita. The film was directed by Naganna and was produced under Upendra's banner of Anegudda Vinayaka Productions. Music for the film was scored by Gurukiran. It is the second among a series of films by Upendra and Naganna. The film also starred Madhu Bangarappa Tennis Krishna S.Ramesh Satyajit Dr.Nagesh and Indhudhar in supporting roles. The film is a remake of the 1992 Tamil film Annamalai starring Rajinikanth.
 Gowd-e Mahmud (Persian: گودمحمود‎ also Romanized as Gowd-e Maḩmūd) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Shelbourne Ultimatum is a 2012 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and the twelfth in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
 Epidesma rotundipennis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Zerny in 1931. It is found in Bolivia.
 Live at the BBC is a compilation of sessions recorded at the BBC between 1994 and 1998 by the British band Shed Seven released in 2007.Disc one is a compilation of BBC sessions between 1994 - 1998 while disc two includes several live tracks from 1995 - 1997.
 Borojevia aspina is a species of sponge in the genus Borojevia from Brazil. The species name refers to the lack of spines in the apical actine.
 Proschaliphora butti is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in South Africa.
 Castle Goring is a grade one listed country house in Worthing in Sussex England.The building to some extent defies categorisation being neither fully a castle nor is it fully in Goring. The word is often used for English country houses constructed after the castle-building era (c.1500) and not intended for a military function.
 Flags of Our Fathers (2000) is a New York Times bestselling book by James Bradley with Ron Powers about the five United States Marines and one United States Navy Corpsman who would eventually be made famous by Joe Rosenthal's lauded photograph of the flag raising at Iwo Jima one of the costliest and most horrifying battles of World War II's Pacific Theater.
 Cassandra's Dream is the soundtrack to the 2008 Woody Allen film Cassandra's Dream and features an original orchestral score by Philip Glass. The soundtrack was released on January 8 2008.
 Stanford Lake is a natural mountain lake in the Eastern Sierra Nevada in California. It is near Mount Stanford on the Sierra Crest in the Inyo National Forest.
 The Hātea River is a river of New Zealand. It flows from the north-east of Whangarei southwards and into the northern head of Whangarei Harbour. Its lower length forms the eastern boundary of the city. The banks along the lower reaches are parks and bushland with a series of metalled walks suitable for all weathers.At Whangarei Falls near Tikipunga the Hātea River drops 26 metres (85 ft) over a basalt lava flow.
 Middenwaard is a shopping centre located in Heerhugowaard Netherlands owned by real estate investment company Corio.
 Cleospira bicolor is a species of small predatory sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Strictispiridae.
 Phú Hưng is a commune (xã) and village of the Phú Tân District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Red to Kill (Chinese: 弱殺; pinyin: ruò shā) is a 1994 category III Hong Kong film directed by Billy Tang Hin-Shing.
 Andropolia theodori is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found in the eastern parts of North America from British Columbia south to California.The wingspan is 43–55 mm.The larvae feed on Ceanothus velutinus and Holodiscus discolor.
 The Book of Opposites (2010) is a novel by John David Morley a love story set in Berlin in the aftermath of the fall of the Wall.
 Revolver (aka Blood in the Streets) is a poliziottesco film directed by Sergio Sollima and released in 1973. It stars Oliver Reed and Fabio Testi and the film's theme Un Amico which was scored by Ennio Morricone was also featured in Quentin Tarantino movie Inglourious Basterds (2009)
 Mohammadabad-e Chah Kavir (Persian: محمدابادچاه كوير‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Chāh Kavīr and Moḩammadābād Chāh Kavīr; also known as Chāh-e Kavīr and Chāh Kavīr) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 6 families.
 Town Point also known as Kingston-upon-Hull and Logan's Lane is a historic home located at Dover Kent County Delaware. It was built in three sections with the earliest dated to about 1677. The oldest section is a brick three bay structure consisting of two rooms and a center hall. A one-story brick kitchen wing was added to the original section at an early date.
 Doe Lake is a lake in Parry Sound District Ontario Canada. The lake is composed of three sections and as such known locally for their size as Big Doe Lake Middle Doe Lake and Little Doe Lake. Doe Lake is the largest lake in the Almaguin Highlands area of the Magnetawan River system.The communities of Katrine and Doe Lake can be found on the Lake. The community of Katrine has a small marina and is found on the Little Doe section of the lake.
 The 1989 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the eighteenth volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in June 1989 followed by a hardcover edition issued in September of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club. For the hardcover edition the original cover art by Jim Burns was replaced by a new cover painting by Richard M.
 Dikilitaş is a village in the District of Kozan Adana Province Turkey.
 The Bulletin of Engineering Geology and the Environment is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in geoscience. It is the official journal of the International Association of Engineering Geology and the Environment and published on their behalf by Springer Science+Business Media. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 0.667.
 Close Range: Wyoming Stories is a 1999 collection of short stories written by E. Annie Proulx. The stories are set in the desolate landscape of rural Wyoming and detail the often grim lives of the protagonists. The best known story from the collection is Brokeback Mountain which was previously published as a 64-page novella in 1998.
 Aslan (Persian: اصلان‎ also Romanized as Aşlān) is a village in Tarrud Rural District in the Central District of Damavand County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Clash is the eponymous debut studio album by English punk rock band The Clash. It was released on 8 April 1977 through CBS Records.
 Tolombeh-ye Ziayi (Persian: تلمبه ضيائي‎ also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ẕīāyī) is a village in Ramjerd-e Yek Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Turbonilla conradi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 ¡¡Que Corra La Voz!! is the fifth studio album by the Spanish ska punk band Ska-P released in 2002.The album cover depicts Gato López with a megaphone and a medallion with the Anarchy symbol bursting through the front page of a newspaper. The album title can be loosely translated as Spread the word!
 Stranger in a Strange Land is a 1961 science fiction novel by American author Robert A. Heinlein. It tells the story of Valentine Michael Smith a human who comes to Earth in early adulthood after being born on the planet Mars and raised by Martians. The novel explores his interaction with—and eventual transformation of—terrestrial culture. The title is an allusion to the phrase in Exodus 2:22. According to Heinlein the novel's working title was The Heretic.
 My Turn: The Memoirs of Nancy Reagan is an autobiography authored by former First Lady of the United States Nancy Reagan. It was published by Random House in 1989.
 Maltby Lake is located on southern Vancouver Island British Columbia. It is located 10 km North of Victoria British Columbia in the Tod Creek Watershed. The lake is the headwaters for the watershed which eventually feeds the world class Butchart Gardens.Maltby Lake is a pristine freshwater source in the middle of a semi rural developing area on the Saanich Peninsula on Vancouver Island.
 The Mountain is an album released by Steve Earle and the Del McCoury Band on February 23 1999 (see 1999 in music).The songs were written by Earle with musical accompaniment provided by the famous bluegrass band of Del McCoury.The album was a significant departure from Earle's previous work being the first wholly bluegrass album he had written.
 Carpathian Tragedies is the second solo studio album by Italian extreme metal vocalist Alessandro Nunziati (a.k.a. Lord Vampyr). It was released on 3 February 2009. This would be the last album on which Lord Vampyr would play symphonic black metal; in the following album Horror Masterpiece he would shift to an industrial/gothic direction.
 Recognized as the leading newsstand publication in its field Airways is currently distributed through newsstands in North America and 35 nations worldwide reaching subscribers in more than 60 countries. Located at America’s commercial aviation epicenter Airways International Inc.
 The McKinstry's Mills Historic District is a national historic district in Union Bridge located in Carroll and Frederick County Maryland. The district comprises the entirety of the settlement of McKinstry's Mills a 26-acre (110000 m2) hamlet consisting of six separate properties that were owned and developed in the 19th century by the McKinstry family local millers. At the center is a 3 1⁄2-story grist mill constructed in 1844.
 Dragon Sword and Wind Child (ISBN 0-374-30466-1) is the first book of award-winning fantasy writer Noriko Ogiwara.
 Łęczno [ˈwɛnt͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Sulejów 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 57 km (35 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hawkes Heights is an ice-filled crater rising to 2000 metres (6600 ft) that dominates the southern part of Coulman Island in the Ross Sea Antarctica and marks the island's summit. The feature was named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE) 1958–59 for Captain William M. Hawkes U.S.
 Jasus edwardsii the southern rock lobster red rock lobster or spiny rock lobster is a species of spiny lobster found throughout coastal waters of southern Australia and New Zealand including the Chatham Islands. This species is commonly called crayfish or crays in New Zealand and kōura in Māori. They resemble lobsters but lack the large characteristic pincers on the first pair of walking legs.
 The Main Street-Albertson Street-Park Place Historic District is located in the residential neighborhood just west of US 9 near central Hyde Park New York United States.
 Moori is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It has a population of 33 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Star Wars Comic is a British comic published monthly by Titan Magazines. It previously featured comic strips reprinted from Star Wars graphic novels but now contains all-original content.
 The Ultimate Collection is a compact disc by Gladys Knight and The Pips released on Motown Records catalogue MOTD 0826 in October 1997. It is a collection of singles comprising many of the group's greatest hits with liner notes written by Ruth Adkins Robinson.
 Frank Morey (July 11 1840 – September 22 1890) was a soldier in the Union Army (1861-1865) reaching the rank of colonel; afterward he moved to Louisiana where he became a planter and sold insurance. He was elected as a U.S. Representative from Louisiana serving from 1869-1876. His election in 1876 was contested and he lost his seat in June of that year to Democrat William B. Spencer. Afterward Morey moved to Washington D.C. where he practiced law.
 Sol's Rusty Trombone is the seventh comedy album by prank call artist The Jerky Boys. The album was released in 2007 and is the second Jerky Boys album to be released by the independent Laugh.com record label. The album differs from previous Jerky Boys releases as it consists mainly of voicemail messages and ringtones with six prank calls mixed in.Sol's Rusty Trombone is also the first Jerky Boys album released without former Jerky Boys member Kamal Ahmed who left the act in 2000.
 Les plus grands succès de Céline Dion (meaning Céline Dion's Greatest Hits) is a French greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion released in Quebec Canada on September 17 1984. It is her 8th French album and 1st greatest hits.
 The River Mellte (Welsh: Afon Mellte) is a river in Wales. It is formed by the confluence of the Afon Llia and the Afon Dringarth. It then flows south through the village of Ystradfellte to Pontneddfechan where it joins with the Nedd Fechan to become the River Neath (Welsh: Afon Nedd). The river derives its name from Mellt - the Welsh word for 'lightning' - after its tendency to rise and fall rapidly in response to heavy rainfall.
 Muzikantská Liduška is a 1940 Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič.
 Weber­—The Contemporary West (formerly Weber Studies) is a leading American literary magazine founded in 1984 and based at Weber State University in Ogden Utah. It focusses on the literature and culture of the American West. Work that has been published in Weber Studies has received commendation by the O. Henry Prize.The journal awards the O. Marvin Lewis Essay Award Sherwin W. Howard Poetry Award and Neila C. Seshachari Fiction Award.
 A Shine of Rainbows also known as Tomás and the Rainbows is a 2009 Irish family drama directed and co-written by Vic Sarin and a film adaptation of the novel A Shine of Rainbows by Lillian Beckwith.
 Berlin Alexanderplatz (pronounced [bɛɐˈliːn ˌalɛˈksandɐplats]) originally broadcast in 1980 is a 14-part West German television miniseries adapted and directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder from the Alfred Döblin novel of the same name and stars Günter Lamprecht Hanna Schygulla Barbara Sukowa Elisabeth Trissenaar and Gottfried John. The complete series is 15½ hours long. In 1983 it was released theatrically in the United States where a theatre would show two or three parts per night.
 Nieławice [ɲɛwaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Wizna 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Łomża and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
 The New Britain Naked-backed Fruit Bat (Dobsonia praedatrix) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
 The Beginning Place is a short novel by Ursula K. Le Guin written in 1980. It was subsequently published under the title Threshold in 1986. The novel does not belong to any of the cycles for which Le Guin is well known. The story's genre is a mixture of realism and fantasy literature. The novel's epigraph What river is this through which the Ganges flows? is quoted from Jorge Luis Borges who is known for his works of magical realism.
 Mount Olympus (Greek: Όλυμπος - Olympos) is a mountain in the eastcentral part of the island of Euboea Greece. Its maximum elevation is 1172 m. It is not the highest mountain of Euboea that is 1743 m high Dirfi 16 km to the north. The Olympus is 10 km north of Amarynthos 11 km northeast of Eretria and 24 km east of the city of Chalcis. There are forests on the northern slopes while most of the mountain range is covered with grassland and bushes.
 Corcyra nidicolella is a species of snout moths in the genus Corcyra. It was described by Rebel in 1914 and is known from Egypt.
 The Pârâul Alb is a tributary of the Jiu river in Romania.
 Now Deh (Persian: نوده‎ also Romanized as Naudeh) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 65 families.
 Jirisan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 398 metres.
 Metro-Land is a BBC documentary film written and narrated by the then UK Poet Laureate Sir John Betjeman. It was directed by Edward Mirzoeff and first broadcast on 26 February 1973. The film celebrates suburban life in the area to the north-west of London that grew up in the early 20th century around the Metropolitan Railway (later the Metropolitan Line of the Underground).
 Marie François Antonio Prince (October 22 1859 – April 8 1906) was a Canadian politician. He served on the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories for St. Albert from 1891 to 1894.Born in Quebec Prince attended Nicolet College and studied law under Sir Wilfrid Laurier. He was later a cattle rancher from Battleford Saskatchewan and came to Edmonton in 1887. During his time in the legislature he was a lawyer who lived in Edmonton. He was president of the St.
 John Henry Baker III (born October 20 1934) is a semiretired farmer and landowner from Franklin Parish in northeastern Louisiana who was active in the rebirth of the Republican Party in his state during the 1970s and 1980s. Baker was his party's nominee for the District 22 seat in the Louisiana State Senate in 1972 and for the former position of state elections commissioner in 1979.
 Bab El-Oued City is a 1994 Algerian drama film directed by Merzak Allouache. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival where it won the FIPRESCI Award.
 Where Mountains Float (Danish: Hvor bjergene sejler) is a 1955 documentary film directed by Bjarne Henning-Jensen. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Saptasajya(1950) (Oriya: ସପ୍ତଶଯ୍ୟା) is an Ollywood / Oriya film directed by Kalyan Gupta
 Charano! (キャラの！) is a monthly Japanese light novel magazine first published on September 2006. The magazine is aimed at young adult males. It was first titled Novel Japan but on June 30 2007 its title was changed to Charano!.
 Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln is a 2005 book by Pulitzer Prize-winning American historian Doris Kearns Goodwin published by Simon & Schuster. The book is a biographical portrait of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln and some of the men who served with him in his cabinet from 1861 to 1865. Three of his Cabinet members had previously run against Lincoln in the 1860 election: Attorney General Edward Bates Secretary of the Treasury Salmon P.
 Sympistis deserticola was a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Sympistis major. It was recorded from North America including California.It was formerly known as Oncocnemis riparia deserticola  a subspecies of Oncocnemis riparia but was elevated to species level and transferred to the Sympistis genus in 2008.
 Piilsi is a village in Lohusuu Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Australian GamePro was a bi-monthly video games magazine published by IDG from November 10 2003 to February 2007. The founding editor was Stuart Clarke who was succeeded in January 2006 by Chris Stead. According to the latter the magazine had doubled its sales from 2006 to 2007 but the decision to discontinue the publication came as a result of internal restructuring.
 Eurema alitha is a butterfly species within the genus Eurema. It was first described as Terias alitha by C. & R. Felder in 1862. It is found in Southeast Asia.
 Kolonia Święte [kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɕfjɛntɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Peggy is a 1977 album by Peggy Lee. It was arranged and conducted by Pete Moore.
 Full Bloom is the debut solo album by Hisham Bharoocha aka Soft Circle. It was released in January 2007 by Eastern Developments Music.
 Immortal is the third studio album by the Danish/American progressive power metal band Pyramaze released on May 30 2008.Iced Earth vocalist Matt Barlow who had originally left Iced Earth and later joined Pyramaze performs the vocals on Immortal; however on the official Pyramaze website both Barlow and Pyramaze guitarist Michael Kammeyer have stated that this album will be Barlow's only contribution to Pyramaze after which time he will continue to work only with Iced Earth.
 St Alban's Church Wallasey is in Mill Lane Liscard Wallasey Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active Roman Catholic church in the diocese of Shrewsbury. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Hendrik Becker (sometimes Bekker) (3 August 1661 Amsterdam - ca 15 August 1722 Amsterdam) was the Governor of Ceylon from 1707 until 1716.Becker was the son of Johanna Rombouts and Hendirk Becker Sr schepen of Amsterdam a director of the Dutch West Indies Company and owner of a whaling fleet. Hendrik Jr joined the Dutch East Indies Company (VOC) and sailed to the East Indies as captain of the ship de Voetboog.
 The Little Whiteface River is an 8.8-mile-long (14.2 km) river of Minnesota and the northern of two tributaries of the Whiteface River with the same name.
 Shōnen Alice (少年アリス Boy Alice) is the 4th studio album released by singer Maaya Sakamoto. Many of the songs are of a completely different style than her previous work.
 Thomas Jones is an American politician and a Democratic member of the South Dakota Senate representing District 17 since January 8 2013. Jones served consecutively in the South Dakota Legislature from January 11 2011 until January 8 2013 in the South Dakota House of Representatives District 17 seat.
 Remix Classics is a compilation album of remixes released by rapper Master P. It was released on September 20 2005 through Koch Records and managed to make it to #81 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #47 on the Top Independent Albums.
 D.A.D. Special is a compilation album by the Danish rock group D-A-D. The compilation was released on December 1 1989 in Sweden Norway Denmark and Finland only.It contains tracks from the groups two first albums Call of the Wild and D.A.D. Draws a Circle and also form their debut EP Standin' On the Never Never.
 Uetoayamix is a remix album by Japanese pop singer Aya Ueto. It was released on August 24 2005 on Flight Master.
 The Allison Ranger Station is a Forest Service compound consisting of eight rustic buildings located in the Malheur National Forest in the Ochoco Mountains of eastern Oregon. It was originally built as a district ranger station for the Snow Mountain Ranger District. It was later converted to a summer guard station. Today it is an active Forest Service guard station with a crew of twelve fire fighters on station during the summer fire season.
 The Cordillera Darwin is an extensive mountain range mantled by an ice field that is located in Chile.
 The South Branch Moose River is a tributary of the Moose River in Franklin County Maine. Its source (45°26′21″N 70°36′14″W) on Caribou Mountain is about 1.5 miles (2 km) from the Canada – United States border in Skinner (Maine Township 1 Range 7 WBKP). From there the river winds generally north for 11.0 miles (17.7 km) to its confluence with the main stream of the Moose River in Lowelltown (T1 R8 WBKP).
 Manpreet Singh Ayali (born January 6 1975) is serving as MLA Dakha from the political party Shiromani Akali Dal. He served as Chairman of ZilaParishad President Co-operative Society Ayali Khurd and Sarpanch of his native village. He has undertaken a number of initiatives in his constituency and has released more than 200 crores for its development thus becoming synonymous with grants.
 Antastulu or Anthasthulu (Telugu: అంతస్తులు) is 1965 Telugu Drama film directed by V. Madhusudan Rao.It is a Musical film with some melodious songs by Ghantasala Venkateswara Rao P. Susheela and Bhanumathi Ramakrishna. The Music score is provided by K. V. Mahadevan. The film has garnered the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu in 1965.
 The Stover Canal is a canal located in Devon England. It was opened in 1792 and served the ball clay industry until it closed in the early 1940s. Today it is derelict but the Stover Canal Society is aiming to restore it and reopen it to navigation.
 The Haunting is a 1999 remake of the 1963 horror film of the same name. Both films are based on the novel The Haunting of Hill House by Shirley Jackson published in 1959. The Haunting was directed by Jan de Bont and stars Liam Neeson Catherine Zeta-Jones Owen Wilson and Lili Taylor. It was released in the United States on July 23 1999.
 Stefan Meller [ˈstɛfan ˈmɛllɛr] (4 July 1942 in Lyon France – 4 February 2008 in Warsaw Poland) was a Polish diplomat and academician. He served as foreign minister of Poland from 31 October 2005 to 9 May 2006 in the cabinet of Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz.Meller was a graduate from the faculty of history of the University of Warsaw. He was a Humanities professor until he was employed by the Polish Institute of International Affairs.
 The Empty City is a 2012 children's fantasy novel written under the pseudonym Erin Hunter. It is the first in the Survivors novel series.
 The Mountains of East Kerry also called the Mangerton Mountains are a range of mountains situated immediately to the south and east of Killarney National Park and the town of Killarney in County Kerry in Ireland.
 The African groove-toothed rat or mill rat (Mylomys dybowskii) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Angola Cameroon Central African Republic Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Kenya Liberia Malawi Rwanda Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Three Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is the fourth album released by Béla Fleck and the Flecktones released in 1993. It is the band's only release as a trio after the departure of Howard Levy but before the arrival of Jeff Coffin.
 Shah Pahneh (Persian: شاه پهنه‎ also Romanized as Shāh Pahneh and Shāpahneh) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District Japelaq District Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 12 families.
 Jabal Janubi is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Hometown is a live album by The Dubliners recorded and released in 1972. Its release was short-lived because Raglan Road was split across both sides of the original LP. Recorded at the National Stadium in Dublin it featured the original members. The album included songs that had not previously been recorded.
 Granite Tower formerly Stellar Plaza and Plaza Tower is located in the Downtown Denver Colorado at 1099 18th Street Denver CO. 80202. This office tower is part of Denver Place a two city block mixed-use high-rise complex.
 Pat Travers is the debut rock album by Pat Travers. It was released in 1976 on Polydor Records.
 The Soul of the Robot is the sixth science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley featuring the character Jasperodus from his 1956 story Fugitive. The book tells of Jasperodus the only robot with a soul as he attempts to prove that he is the equal of the humans around him.
 Mordella nigra is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1863.
 Biomphalaria glabrata is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae the ram's horn snails.Biomphalaria glabrata is an intermediate snail host for the trematode Schistosoma mansoni which is one of the main schistosomes that infect humans.
 Tunbyholm Castle (Swedish: Tunbyholms slott) is a castle in Tomelilla Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Somersault is Swedish Indie Pop band Eggstone's second album which was first released in Sweden in March 1994. A US release appeared later that year on BMG label Critique Records. The song The Dog was issued as a promotional single and became a hit on various college radio stations.[citation needed] The album was re-issued on vinyl in 1997 by Vibrafon Records.
 Mont Chauffé (2093 m) is a mountain in the Chablais Alps in Haute-Savoie France.
 Goodnight Nobody is an album by Julie Doiron released in 2004.
 Tazeh Kand (Persian: تازه كند‎ also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand; also known as Amīnābād and Tāzeh Kand-e Ūjān) is a village in Ujan-e Sharqi Rural District Tekmeh Dash District Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 31 families.
 Bumboo is a 2012 Bollywood film. Bumboo is based on an original story L'emmerdeur written by Francis Veber.
 Sacrament is the Grammy Award nominated fifth studio album from the American groove metal band Lamb of God. Released on August 22 2006 Sacrament debuted at No. 8 on the Billboard 200 charts with first-week sales of 63000. The album was the top-selling metal album of 2006 and received the Album of the Year award from Revolver magazine.
 Klapperichimorda is a genus of beetles in the family Mordellidae containing the following species: Klapperichimorda kodadai Horák 1996 Klapperichimorda lutevittata Fan & Yang 1995 Klapperichimorda quadrimaculata Ermisch 1968↑
 Mother Joan of the Angels (Polish: Matka Joanna od Aniołów also known as The Devil and the Nun) is a 1961 drama film on demonic possession directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz based on a novella of the same title by Jarosław Iwaszkiewicz. The film won the Special Jury Prize at the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 Muraz-e Gholam (Persian: مورازغلام‎ also Romanized as Mūrāz-e Gholām) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 NRG Ensemble is the debut album by American jazz multi-instrumentalist Hal Russell which was recorded in 1981 and released on Nessa.It was reissued in 2012 with new artwork and two bonus tracks previously unreleased from a demo tape the band gave to producer Chuck Nessa prior to the sessions.
 Nušl /ˈnʊʃəl/ is an impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies just to the north of the crater Trumpler and to the west of Shayn.This crater has a slightly eroded rim and still possesses some terrace or ledge structures along the inner wall. A small crater is attached to the exterior rim along the east-northeast. The interior floor is relatively level with an elongated central ridge near the midpoint.
 University Village (colloquially known as the U-Village) is an upscale shopping mall in Seattle Washington built at the south corner of Ravenna neighborhood. Located north of Downtown Seattle University Village is an open-air lifestyle shopping center which offers restaurants locally-owned boutiques and signature national retailers. U-Village is a regional destination for home furnishings popular fashions and unique gift items with a distinct collection of restaurants and eateries.
 Badham's Blue (Lepidochrysops badhami) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa where it is found in Succulent Karoo to the east of Springbok in the North Cape. The wingspan is 28-32 mm for males and 29-32 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to October. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Pelargonium dasyphyllum.
 Brithyceros are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Brithyceros dichroanthes which is found in Brazil.
 Garreg Lwyd also known as Moel Gornach is a peak in the Black Mountain of the Brecon Beacons South Wales. It is a subsidiary summit of Fan Brycheiniog.It is the westernmost area over 2000 feet above sea level in South Wales. Although no marked path crosses the mountain it may be climbed from the car parks on the A4069 between Brynamman and Llangadog. A cairn with a trig point marks the summit.
 The Holy Temple is a 1980 book by Boyd K. Packer that discusses the doctrine and purpose of the temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) including an explanation of the entrance requirements. The book also explains why LDS Church teachings focus on family history and genealogy and how this relates to the temples.The Holy Temple was published by Bookcraft. Since its publication excerpts have regularly appeared in official magazines of the LDS Church.
 The whitesaddled catshark Scyliorhinus hesperius is a species of catshark family Scyliorhinidae found on the upper continental slope of the western central Atlantic from Honduras Panama and Colombia between latitudes 22° N and 9° N at depths of between 275 and 460 m. Its length is up to 47 cm.Reproduction is oviparous.
 Khorramabad-e Sofla (Persian: خرم اباد سفلي‎ also Romanized as Khorramābād-e Soflá; also known as Shahveh-ye Soflá) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 17 families.
 Strzelce [ˈstʂɛlt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Mniszków 24 km (15 mi) west of Opoczno and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Hellinsia tepidus is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.The wingspan is 24 millimetres (0.94 in). The forewings are ferruginous‑ochreous with some dark fuscous irroration. The hindwings are grey.
 Jimmy A. Eldridge (born April 1 1948 in Jackson Tennessee) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives representing District 73 since January 2003.
 The Bretelin River is a tributary of the Herepeia River in Romania.
 The Worcester Corset Company Factory is an historic factory building at 30 Wyman Street in Worcester Massachusetts in the Main South neighborhood. The oldest part of the factory was built in 1895 with expansion of the facilities taking place up to 1909. The buildings were designed by Arthur Gray for the Worcester Corset Company whose origins date to an 1861 business by David Hale Fanning making hoops for skirts but shifted to manufacturing corsets after fashions changed.
 Chavarzaq (Persian: چورزق‎; also known as Chauriz and Chavarza) is a village in Mojezat Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1538 in 363 families.
 Ahn Sang-soo (born February 9 1946 in Changwon) is a South Korean politician and the former chairman of the Grand National Party.
 Abdurrahim Abdulhafiz El-Keib PhD (Arabic عبد الرحيم عبد الحفيظ الكيب; also transcribed Abdel Rahim AlKeeb Abdul Raheem Al-Keeb etc.; born 1950) is a Libyan politician professor of electrical engineering and entrepreneur who served as interim Prime Minister of Libya from 24 November 2011 to 14 November 2012.
 Stradomia Wierzchnia [straˈdɔmʲa ˈvʲɛʂxɲa] (German: Ober Stradam) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Syców within Oleśnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany (former Groß Wartenberg County Niederschlesien).
 Brömsebäck is a small stream in southern Sweden on the border between the provinces Småland and Blekinge. Before 1658 the river formed the border between Sweden and Denmark. The Treaty of Brömsebro was entered on an islet in the river.
 Loveless (ラブレス Raburesu) is an ongoing fantasy manga by Yun Kōga. It is serialized in the Japanese magazine Monthly Comic Zero Sum by Ichijinsha and collected in eleven tankōbon as of June 2013. Kōga plans to end the manga at fifteen volumes.A 12-episode anime television series adaptation was made by J.C. Staff broadcast in a post-midnight slot on TV Asahi and ABC from April 2005 to June 2005.
 Sun Secrets is an album by The Eric Burdon Band recorded in 1973 and released in December 1974.It includes some re-recording of songs with which lead singer Eric Burdon topped the charts a few years before. The band included Aalon Butler on guitar Randy Rice on bass and Alvin Taylor on drums.The Real Me Ring of Fire and Don’t Let Me Be Misunderstood were released as singles. The album peaked No.
 Varbó is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
 Martin J. Gruenberg is the 20th Chairman of the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). He was appointed to the post for a five-year term by Barack Obama. His appointment was confirmed by the United States Senate on November 15 2012.Gruenberg has served on the FDIC Board of Directors since August 22 2005.
 The snowshoe hare (Lepus americanus) also called the varying hare or snowshoe rabbit is a species of hare found in North America. It has the name snowshoe because of the large size of its hind feet and the marks its tail leaves. The animal's feet prevent it from sinking into the snow when it hops and walks. Its feet also have fur on the soles to protect it from freezing temperatures.For camouflage its fur turns white during the winter and rusty brown during the summer.
 The Coming of the Terraphiles is a Doctor Who novel written by Michael Moorcock featuring the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond. It was the first special release of a Doctor Who novel by BBC Books in a lengthier hardback format to that of the previous New Series Adventures.
 The Umayyad Mosque also known as the Great Mosque of Damascus (Arabic: جامع بني أمية الكبير‎ Romanization Ğāmi' Banī 'Umayya al-Kabīr) located in the old city of Damascus is one of the largest and oldest mosques in the world. It is considered by some Muslims to be the fourth-holiest place in Islam.After the Arab conquest of Damascus in 634 the mosque was built on the site of a Christian basilica dedicated to John the Baptist (Yahya) honored as a prophet by Christians and Muslims alike.
 Nanosiren garciae is an extinct sirenian mammal a pigmy tusked sea cow of the family Dugongidae genus Nanosiren living in warm shallow seas approximately 11.610—3.6 Ma during the Miocene existing approximately 8.01 million years. It is evolutionarily related to modern species of manatees and dugongs.
 Sunset is a lifestyle magazine in the United States. Sunset focuses on homes cooking gardening and travel with a focus almost exclusively on the Western United States. The magazine is published monthly by the Sunset Publishing Corporation part of Southern Progress Corporation itself a subsidiary of Time Warner.
 The Wanpi World Safari Zoo (Chinese: 頑皮世界野生動物園; pinyin: Wánpí Shìjiè Yěshēng Dòngwùyuán) is a zoo in Xuejia District Tainan Taiwan.
 Neethaane En Ponvasantham (English: You Are My Golden Springtime) is a 2012 Indian Tamil musical romance film written and directed by Gautham Menon featuring Jiiva and Samantha in the lead roles. The film produced by RS Infotainment. cinematography by M. S. Prabhu and Om Prakash. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The film was simultaneously shot in Telugu as Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu which features Nani playing Jiiva's role.
 Posht Lor (Persian: پشتلر‎ also Romanized as Posht-e Lor) is a village in Halil Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 992 in 235 families.
 Wokkpash Lake is a lake in the Canadian Rockies in northeast British Columbia Canada.It is about 140 kilometres (87 mi) west of Fort Nelson along the Alaska Highway.
 Mount Fryatt is Alberta's 26th highest peak. It was named in 1920 after Captain Charles Fryatt a British merchant seaman who was executed by the Germans during World War I. It lies within peaks that are between the Athabasca and Whirlpool Rivers in Jasper National Park.
 Love That Boy is a 2003 Canadian film and romantic comedy directed by Andrea Dorfman and starring Nadia Litz and Adrien Dixon. It is about a woman in love with a younger teenage boy. In French the film is called J'aime ce garçon.
 Redeemer (Portuguese: Redentor) is a 2004 Brazilian drama film the debut film of director Cláudio Torres.
 Hello Bangladesh is a Bengali song album of Anjan Dutt. This album was released in 1999 and this was Dutt's sixth solo music album.
 How We Fought the Emden is a 1915 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe about the Battle of Cocos during World War I. It features footage shot on Cocos Island.
 Platycypha is a genus of African damselflies in the jewel damselfly family (Chlorocyphidae).The genus contains the following species:Platycypha amboniensis (Martin 1915) - Montane Dancing-jewelPlatycypha auripes (Förster 1906) - Golden Dancing-jewelPlatycypha caligata (Selys 1853) - Dancing JewelPlatycypha eliseva Dijkstra 2008Platycypha fitzsimonsi Pinhey 1950 - Boulder JewelPlatycypha inyangae Pinhey 1958Platycypha lacustris (Förster 1914)Platycypha picta (Pinhey 1962)Platycypha pinheyi Fraser 1950Platycypha rufitibia (Pinhey 1961) - Red-booted Jewel↑ ↑ ↑ ↑ 4.0 4.1 ↑
 The Chain Gang is a collection of books written by English illustrator and author Robin Lawrie and his wife Christine Lawrie. The series follows the adventures of a group of young mountain bikers.
 Chengcing Lake (Chinese: 澄清湖; Hanyu Pinyin: Chéngqīng Hú; Tongyong Pinyin: Chéngcing Hú; Wade–Giles: Ch'eng2-ch'ing1 Hu2) also known as the Cheng Ching Lake Dabei Lake (大貝湖) or Toapi Lake (Chinese: 大埤湖; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tōa-pi-ô͘) in Taiwanese is an artificial lake located in Niaosong Kaohsiung Taiwan. The lake is not far from downtown Kaohsiung and the major suburban district of Fengshan. The lake is a source of the water supply network and a tourist area of the Kaohsiung region.
 Sharks is the sixteenth album by the British hard rock band UFO. It is the last album to feature longtime German lead guitarist Michael Schenker.
 Table for One is the debut solo album by British singer-songwriter Darren Hayman. It was released by The Track & Field Organisation in 2006.
 Do Yaar is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Kewal Misra. The film stars Vinod Khanna Rekha and Shatrughan Sinha. The film was later remade in Telugu as Iddaru Iddare (1976) starring Shobhan Babu Krishnam Raju Manjula and Chandrakala. It was also remade in Tamil as Kuppathu Raja (1979) with Rajinikanth Vijayakumar and Manjula.
 Qaleh-ye Pain Baram (Persian: قلعه پائين برم‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-e Pā’īn Baram) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Damghan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 350 in 89 families.
 Last Human is the title of a 1995 science fiction comedy novel written by Doug Naylor. It is part of the Red Dwarf series of novels based on the popular television show created by Naylor and his partner Rob Grant. Like the other novels it does not take place within the television series continuity but instead adapts situations presented on the series to occur within an alternative universe.
 Hank Williams Jr. & Friends is a 1975 album by Hank Williams Jr.. It is Williams' breakthrough album featuring a transition toward country rock and William's own unique style as opposed to imitating his father's. The album was issued by MGM Records as number M3G5009 and was later reissued by Polydor Records as number 831 575-4 Y-1. The album was also reissued on CD in 2000 by Mercury Records a division of UMG Recordings Inc. Allmusic editor Thom Jurek cites Hank Williams Jr.
 Hilltop Lake is a lagoon in Richmond California.
 Home of Peace is a Jewish cemetery in Helena Montana founded in 1867 by the local Hebrew Benevolent Society (also referred to as the Hebrew Benevolent Association) which formed on December 9 1866. The Society formally purchased the land in 1875. The Home of Peace Cemetery Association now maintains the grounds. It is the oldest active cemetery in Helena and the oldest active European ethno-religious cemetery in Montana.
 Piz Varuna (3453 m) is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies east of Piz Palü between the Val Poschiavo and the Val Malenco.
 Glas Slavonije (English: The Voice of Slavonia) is a Croatian daily newspaper published in Osijek. In 2000 its average daily circulation was c. 9000 making it the 7th largest daily newspaper in Croatia.
 Kalinowo [kaliˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 98 km (61 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 Skokówka [skɔˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość within Zamość County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Zamość and 78 km (48 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 410.Jan Zamoyski Grand Hetman of the Crown was born in Skokówka in 1542
 Arboreal is the ninth studio album by The Flashbulb (Benn Jordan) released on 8 June 2010.Alphabasic offered Arboreal in a limited edition format (500 copies) that included a 20 page full-color booklet entitled While You Were Flying - The Rewards of Aerophobia. It contains pictures taken by Benn Jordan himself while driving across the United States.
 Gowhert (Persian: گوهرت‎ also Romanized as Gowhert and Gowhart; also known as Gohart Gohert Gohort Gowhīrat Gowhīrot and Kowheyrat) is a village in Surak Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 748 in 155 families.
 Chartiers Run is a tributary of Chartiers Creek in Washington County Pennsylvania in the United States. It was named after Peter Chartier a trapper of French and Native American parentage who established a trading post at the mouth of Chartiers Creek in 1743. Chartiers Run joins Chartiers Creek at the borough of Houston.
 Code of the Outlaw is a 1942 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by John English.
 The Cup is a non-fiction book written by American author Eric O’Keefe. First published in Australia in 2009 its subject is the 2002 running of the Melbourne Cup which was won by the American-bred gelding Media Puzzle who was ridden by champion Australian jockey Damien Oliver and prepared by the Irish trainer Dermot Weld.
 Leiostyla lamellosa is an extinct species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lauriidae.This species is mentioned in Annexes II and IV of the Habitats Directive.
 Coleophora turbatella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain.The wingspan is about 10 mm.The larvae feed on Carex brevifolia.
 East Stroudsburg Armory also known as the Captain George M. Kemp Memorial Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at East Stroudsburg Monroe County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1928 and is a T-plan building consisting of a two-story administration building and attached one-story drill hall executed in the Tudor Revival style. It is constructed of brick and sits on a concrete foundation.
 The Death of Salvador Dalí is a short film written and directed by Delaney Bishop. The plot of this 2005 fantasy film involves Salvador Dalí consulting Sigmund Freud on how to depict madness in his artwork.
 Baqerabad (Persian: باقراباد‎ also Romanized as Bāqerābād and Baqerābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 5 families.
 Mount Zion United Methodist Church is a historic church at 218 Alexander Street in Belton Texas.It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Mais Alto is a Portuguese language aviation magazine published by the Portuguese Air Force since 1959. It is sold in Portugal and also has subscribers in Australia Belgium Brazil Italy Finland France Netherlands United Kingdom Spain Sweden Germany Uruguay Mexico United States and South Africa.
 Ensam i världen in Swedish and Ensom i verden in Norwegian (in English Alone in the World; this novel has not has been translated into English) is a novel by Norwegian-Swedish author Margit Sandemo. The novel is about Norway and the life of a homeless orphan girl called Kira in the maelstrom of the Thirty Years' War.Kira is not her real name which she forgot after her mother died.
 Astafjorden is a fjord (more accurately a strait) in Troms county Norway. It flows through the municipalities of Salangen Gratangen Ibestad and Skånland. The 30-kilometre (19 mi) long fjord flows from the Salangen fjord in the east to the Vågsfjorden in the west. The 3.5-kilometre (2.2 mi) wide fjord separates the islands of Andørja and Rolla from the mainland. There are several small fjords that branch off this fjord including: Lavangen Gratangen Grovfjorden and Salangen.
 Jean Baptiste Baron Nothomb (3 July 1805 – 6 September 1881) was a Belgian statesman and diplomat the sixth Prime Minister.
 The Christian Leinenweber House is a house located in Astoria Oregon United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1874 by a local businessman named Christian Leinenweber. It is also known as the Otto Gramms House; Gramms and his family owned it from 1916 to 1965.
 Basler Zeitung (literally: Basler Newspaper) or BaZ is a Swiss German-language regional daily newspaper published in Basel. It was created in 1977 through the merger of the Basler Nachrichten and the National-Zeitung. The newspaper is owned by the Basler Zeitung Medien which also publishes the free daily newspaper Baslerstab.
 Alien Nation: Dark Horizon (original airdate: October 25 1994) is a television movie made as a continuation of the Alien Nation television series. Produced by the Fox Network Alien Nation lasted a single season ending in 1990 with a cliffhanger series finale. Dark Horizon was written to be the season opener for the second season but when the series was unexpectedly canceled and looked like it might never return to television the plot was published as a book.
 Kariz Khaneh (Persian: كاريزخانه‎ also Romanized as Kārīz Khāneh; also known as Kārīz Khān (Persian: كاريزخان) Shāzdeh (Persian: شازده) and Qal‘eh Kārīz) is a village in Salehabad Rural District Salehabad District Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 125 in 32 families.
 Preston Conrad Bynum (born June 8 1939) is a lobbyist in Little Rock Arkansas who served as a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from January 1969 to December 1980.With his first election Bynum was one of only four Republicans in the 100-member House; when his party's delegation numbered five or six he became as senior member the minority leader.Bynum succeeded fellow Republican Jim Sheets then of Siloam Springs in Benton County who did not seek a second term because of family business. 
 The play Henceforward... is the first comedy in which Alan Ayckbourn includes elements of science fiction. It concerns Jerome a composer who develops a plan to persuade his estranged wife Corinna that his home life is sufficiently stable for her to allow their daughter to stay with him. The plan involves both an actress and a gynoid (the female equivalent of an android).Henceforward... was Ayckbourn's thirty-fourth full-length play.
 Here Come the Munsters is a television film that aired on Fox October 31 1995. It starred Edward Herrmann Christine Taylor and Veronica Hamel. It included cameos from original Munsters surviving cast members Yvonne De Carlo Al Lewis Butch Patrick and Pat Priest. The film told the story of the Munster family's arrival in America from Transylvania.While the movie did in some parts capture the feel of the original series it departs from the established Munsters canon.
 White Bird in a Blizzard is an upcoming French thriller co-produced written and directed by Gregg Araki.
 The Gallery is the second full-length studio album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity released on November 27 1995. It was the first full-length release to feature Mikael Stanne on lead vocals while passing down his position of guitarist to Fredrik Johansson.
 Time is the last studio album by the classic Klinik line up of Dirk Ivens and Marc Verhaeghen. Due to mounting tensions and musical differences Ivens left shortly after the recording to pursue a solo career as Dive.The CD release contains the Plague album as a bonus. Plague has never been released as a separate CD.
 Sadisfaction is the first album by Gregorian.Originally Gregorian was conceived as a more pop-oriented group in the vein of Enigma. Under this concept they recorded this album with lead vocals provided by The Sisters of Oz: Susana Espelleta (Peterson's wife at the time) and Birgit Freud. However this was the only album in that style leading to the Masters of Chant albums.
 Donna Tanoue (born May 5 1954) served as the 17th Chairman of the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) from May 26 1998 until July 11 2001. Subsequently in April 2002 she became Vice Chairman and Managing Committee member of the Bank of Hawaii.As FDIC Chairman Tanoue focused attention on emerging risks in the financial institution industry and especially on the risks that arise from subprime lending.
 Eggs is a 1995 Norwegian comedy film by Bent Hamer. It was awarded the 1995 Amanda for Best Norwegian film. It was also entered into the 19th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Ophichthus maculatus is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Rafinesque in 1810.
 Twelve Mile Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Unspoken (French: Non-dit) is a 2008 Belgian drama film. It was written and directed by Fien Troch produced by Antonino Lombardo and starred Emmanuelle Devos and Bruno Todeschini.The film tells the story of Grace who is still grappling with the disappearance of her daughter five years earlier and her husband Lukas which is trapped in his own helpless grief. He and Grace have long since stopped communicating.
 Zingale is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 The Château de Rochemont was built in the late 18th century in Ruffosses near Saussemesnil Normandy France by ancestors of the De Mondesir family (who owned the property in the 20th century) who managed to hold onto their property despite the French Revolution due to their support for it.
 Love's Kitchen (originally titled No Ordinary Trifle) is a 2011 British romantic comedy film directed by James Hacking and starring Dougray Scott Claire Forlani Michelle Ryan and featured celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay in his first acting role. Hacking also wrote the script for the film and it was the director's first feature length film. It received a limited theatrical release in the UK taking £121 on its opening weekend from five screens.
 Lake Muhazi (Kinyarwanda: Ikiyaga cya Muhazi) is a long thin shallow lake in the east of Rwanda. The bulk of the lake lies in the Eastern Province with the western end forming the border between the Northern and Kigali Provinces. It is a flooded valley lake lying predominantly in an east to west direction but with numerous offshoots in a north to south direction formerly the location of tributaries.
 Tonight or Never is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Mervyn LeRoy starring Gloria Swanson and featuring Boris Karloff.
 Lagi Sedih is the sixth studio album Indonesia's Slank musical group. Which was released in 1997. Contains 16 songs with the song Tonk Kosong as the hits singles of this album. Named Lagi Sedih because in making this album Slank abandoned three personnel (Pay Bongky Indra Qadarsih) who chose to pull out of this group.
 Dragon Ball Z: Bojack Unbound known in Japan as Dragon Ball Z: The Galaxy's at the Brink!! The Super Incredible Guy (ドラゴンボールZ 銀河ギリギリ!!ぶっちぎりの凄い奴 Doragon Bōru Zetto: Ginga Giri-Giri!! Butchigiri no Sugoi Yatsu) is the ninth Dragon Ball Z feature movie. It was released in Japan on July 10 1993 at the Toei Anime Fair where it was shown alongside the Dr. Slump movie N-cha! Pengin-mura yori Ai wo komete and the first YuYu Hakusho movie.
 Turahi (Persian: تورهي‎ also Romanized as Tūrahī) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District Tashan District Behbahan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 40 in 8 families.
 Charade is a 1984 animated Canadian film directed by John Minnis. The film won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 57th Academy Awards. The film was animated by Minnis with Pantone markers on paper during a single 3-month summer term at Sheridan College.
 Rankine is a small lunar impact crater near the eastern limb of the Moon. It lies on the southern floor of the satellite crater Maclaurin B a 43-kilometer-diameter feature which is located to the southeast of Maclaurin. To the east of Rankine is the crater Gilbert and directly to the south is von Behring.This is an insignificant bowl-shaped formation with a negligible interior floor.
 Janowice [janɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mełgiew within Świdnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Mełgiew 6 km (4 mi) north-east of Świdnik and 14 km (9 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Robert Richard Hall (December 10 1865 – April 8 1938) was a Canadian politician.Born in Fenelon Township Victoria County Canada West Hall was educated at the Cambray Public School and the Peterborough Collegiate and Vocational School Institute. A lawyer Hall was elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the electoral district of Peterborough West at the 1904 general elections. A Liberal he did not run in 1908. He was defeated in the 1917 election.
 The Ragamuffin is a 1916 American silent drama film directed and written by William C. deMille. The film stars Blanche Sweet in a 'Pickfordish' style role.
 Different Slanguages is the sixth album by rapper Messy Marv aka MessCalen.
 Rashidabad-e Mowtowr-e Nushirvan (Persian: رشيداباد موتور نوشيروان‎ also Romanized as Rashīdābād-e Mowtowr-e Nūshīrvān) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District Nukabad District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Imagination is a 1958 album recorded by Billy Eckstine. It was released under the EmArcy label.
 Gołocin [ɡɔˈwɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Chojnów 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Legnica and 76 kilometres (47 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 UMass Memorial Health Care (UMMHC) is a not-for-profit health care network affiliated with the University of Massachusetts Medical School in Worcester Massachusetts that operates 5 hospitals and a number of health clinics in the Central Massachusetts area. UMass Memorial Medical Center ranks number one in New England for surviving and treating a heart attack
 Terry L. Murphy is a Republican member of Montana Legislature. He was elected for Senate District 39 representing the Cardwell Montana area. He previously served the House of Representative in 1971.
 Carlos Holguín Sardi (born 16 December 1940) was the 64th and 54th Governor of Valle del Cauca. A Conservative party politician he served as the 3rd Minister of the Interior and Justice of Colombia from 2006 to 2008 and as the 20th Minister of Communications of Colombia from 1973 to 1974.When he was just 25 he was elected to the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia for Valle del Cauca and served from 1966 to 1970.
 Stathmopoda crocophanes is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in New South Wales Queensland South Australia Tasmania and Western Australia.The wingspan is about 0.4 (10 mm). Adults are yellow with two broad dark brown triangles on each forewing. The hindwings are dark brown with yellow tips. The inner margin of each wing has a hairy fringe wider than the wing itself.The larvae live in dead leaf litter.
 Blue Box is a 1996 album released by ARIA award winning recording artist Kate Ceberano and was certified Gold. The album's second single Change was nominated for two ARIA awards in 1996.
 The Church of Saint Athanasius on Via Tiburtina (Italian: Sant'Atanasio a Via Tiburtina Latin: S. Athanasii ad viam Tiburtinam) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome built as a parish church. It was consecrated 11 March 1961 by Cardinal Clemente Micara. On 28 June 1991 Pope John Paul II granted it a titular church as a seat for Cardinals.The present Cardinal Priest of the Titulus San Athanasii ad viam Tiburtinam is Gabriel Zubeir Wako.
 Thomas Bryant Tom Cotton (born May 13 1977) is a member of the United States House of Representatives representing Arkansas's 4th congressional district since 2013. He is a member of the Republican Party. He is a U.S. Army veteran and a lawyer.Born in Russellville Arkansas Cotton is a graduate of Harvard College and Harvard Law School. He worked as a law clerk and as an attorney in private practice before joining in the U.S. Army in 2005.
 The Large Guava Blue Virachola perse is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
 The Cathedral of St. John in Providence Rhode Island is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of Rhode Island of The Episcopal Church. The cathedral is located at 271 North Main Street Providence Rhode Island 02903.
 Animatronic is the third album from Norwegian Industrial Metal band The Kovenant and was released in 1999 through Nuclear Blast.
 Kilimán is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Zinbar (Persian: زينبر‎ also Romanized as Zīnbar) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Grace Hopkinson Eliot Hall often called Eliot Hall is an historic dormitory building on the Radcliffe Quadrangle of Harvard University at 51 Shepard Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The four story neo-Georgian brick building was built in 1907 to a design by Alexander Wadsworth Longfellow Jr. It is a duplicate of Bertram Hall which is adjacent except some of its architectural details were simplified to reduce costs.
 James J. Jim Gallen (August 15 1928 – April 12 2012) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He represented Berks County in the State House for over twenty-seven years first as one of the county's at-large representatives then as the member for the 128th District seat created in 1968 following an overhaul of the State Constitution which reapportioned seats based upon numbered districts.
 Dil Nasheen is a music album by the Indian singer and Ghazal composer Hariharan released in the year 1988. The album featured 9 songs all of them sung by Hariharan.
 Framingham Reservoir No. 1 Dam and Gatehouse is a historic district including a dam and gatehouse at the end of Framingham Reservoir No. 1 off Winter Street and north of Long Avenue in Framingham Massachusetts.It was built in 1876 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Music of Old Adriatic is a vinyl album by Ensemble Renaissance released in 1984 on the PGP RTB label. It is their first album with early music of Dalmatia and Adriatic and their second album overall.The A side of the record deals with the composers who were born on the territory of modern Dalmatia in the parts which were Venetian at the time such as Andrea Antico Franciscus Bossinensis and Giacomo Gorzanis .
 Goldbach (Bibers) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Mutteristock (also named Redertenstock) is a mountain in the Glarus Alps which rises 2295 meters above sea level. It is located between the cantons of Glarus and Schwyz Switzerland overlooking the Wägitalersee and the Klöntalersee on its northern and southern side respectively. Its summit is the highest point of the subrange lying north of Pragel Pass. The mountain's slopes display bare limestone.
 Křivsoudov is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Trade is a 2007 American film directed by Marco Kreuzpaintner and starring Kevin Kline. It was produced by Roland Emmerich and Rosilyn Heller. The film premiered January 23 2007 at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival and opened in limited release on September 28 2007. It is based on Peter Landesman's article The Girls Next Door about sex slaves which was featured as the cover story in the January 24 2004 issue of The New York Times Magazine.
 The Paper Brigade (also known as Gunther and the Paper Brigade) is a 1996 adventure/comedy film directed by Blair Treu. The film stars Kyle Howard and Robert Englund.
 Jannée Castle (French: Château de Jannée) is a castle in Jannée in the village of Pessoux municipality of Ciney province of Namur Belgium.
 The Bournemouth Daily Echo commonly known as the Daily Echo (aka the Bournemouth Echo) is a local newspaper that covers the area of southeast Dorset England including the towns of Poole Bournemouth Christchurch.
 James Shaver Woodsworth (July 29 1874 – March 21 1942) was a pioneer in the Canadian social democratic movement. Following more than two decades ministering to the poor and the working class J. S. Woodsworth left the church to lay the foundation for and become the first leader of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) a democratic socialist party that later became the secular social-democratic New Democratic Party (NDP).
 The Garrett-Bullock House is a fine example of Queen Anne style architecture in Columbus Georgia. This High Victorian mansion was built in 1881 by Confederate Colonel Joseph S. Garrett (Columbus merchant postmaster and planter).The house was sold in 1910 to Osborn C. Bullock a Columbus banker and business leader whose family resided in the house until the death of his last surviving daughter Margaret Bullock Schaefer in 1985.
 The Myers School Timbered Lodge (32BI401) is a historic site located near Medora North Dakota. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and has historic significance relating to the year 1850. The precise address of the site is restricted.
 The Ruchi is a mountain in the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Glarus and Graubünden. It overlooks the Muttsee (2446 m) on its west side from where a trail leads to the summit. On its south-east side lies a small glacier the Glatscher da Gavirolas. The Ruchi is connected to the higher summit of the Hausstock on the north-east by a 2 kilometre long ridge.
 Miedzianowo [mjɛd͡ʑaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Dąbrowa Białostocka 34 km (21 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 62 km (39 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Jay Love Japan is an album by the late hip hop producer J Dilla.
 Redenzione is a 1919 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.
 The Rafael Uribe Uribe Palace of Culture is a public building in Medellín Colombia that houses all the cultural programs related to the state of Antioquia such as concerts conferences and art exhibitions. It was originally the official building for the Government of Antioquia known as Calibío Palace. The palace was built during the years 1920-1930 by the Belgian architect Agustín Goovaerts who designed the building in a Gothic Revival style.
 Sheykh Sharbati (Persian: شيخ شربتي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Sharbatī and Shaikh Sharbati) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 178 in 45 families.
 Viševac is a village in the municipality of Rača Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 700 people.
 The Movilișu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Gallatin Gateway Inn is a Spanish-stucco style railroad hotel at Gallatin Gateway Montana. The hotel is one of the Historic Inns of America. The Gallatin Gateway Inn was opened on June 18 1927. Constructed and operated by The Milwaukee Road (Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad) the luxury hotel was reached by electrified railroad branch line that connected to the Milwaukee's main line at Three Forks Montana.
 The Highland School is a historic school building at 64 Middlesex Avenue in Reading Massachusetts. The two story brick and concrete Renaissance Revival building was designed by architect Horace G. Wadlin and built in 1896-97. The building served the town's public school needs until 1981.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Another 4x4 but a sequel and a Different Rendition to the original 4x4 the original plans werefor a Freestyle 4x4 Reissue but with Collage and Denine Replaced with Tolga and Noel but instead the decided a new volume was necessary with Secret Society Tolga Stephanie and Meg.
 Where I Find You is the second studio album release by Kari Jobe which was released January 24 2012 but was her first album on the Sparrow Records label. The song We Are is the only radio and charted hit off of the album so far. The album has charted on three Billboard charts: No. 10 on Billboard 200 No. 1 on Christian Albums and at No. 5 on Digital Albums. All of the peak positions occurred on February 11 2012 selling 25000 copies in the first week.
 Not Without Love is the second studio album from CCM musician Jimmy Needham. It was released on August 19 2008 through Inpop Records in the United States. The album's lead single A Breath or Two was released prior to the album and reached #11 on Christian contemporary hit radio.
 Matt Lesser American politician member of the Democratic party. He is a current member of the Connecticut House of Representatives representing Connecticut's 100th district in the General Assembly. The district is made up of Durham Middlefield Rockfall and parts of Middletown. Lesser was first elected in 2008 and re-elected in 2010.Lesser serves as House Vice Chairman of the Government Administration and Elections Committee.
 Won't Be Blue Anymore is the fifth studio album by country music artist Dan Seals. It has been his most successful album to date; the only one to reach #1 on the Top Country Albums chart. The album featured some of Seals most popular songs including Bop and Meet Me In Montana a duet with Marie Osmond. These and the third single Everything That Glitters (Is Not Gold) all reached #1 on the Hot Country Songs chart.
 Eyes of an Angel is a 1991 drama starring John Travolta and directed by Robert Harmon. It was released in France Sweden and on TV in the U.S. as The Tender. It was released straight to video in 1994 under its proper title to coincide with Travolta's bigger name release Pulp Fiction. According to the opening credits the movie is based on a true story.
 Meheti'a or Me'eti'a is a volcanic island in the Windward Islands in the east of the Society Islands in French Polynesia. This island is a very young active stratovolcano 110 kilometres (68 mi) east of the Taiarapu Peninsula of Tahiti. It belongs to the Teahiti'a-Mehetia hotspot.The island has an area of 2.3 square kilometres (0.89 sq mi) and its highest point is 435 metres (1427 ft). Meheti'a's well-defined volcanic crater contains a very active hot point.
 Propeller Island City Lodge is a hotel and art installation in Berlin Germany designed by artist Lars Storschen and located in the borough of Wilmersdorf. The hotel is known for its eclectic and elaborately themed rooms.
 Khana Poshtan (Persian: خاناپشتان‎ also Romanized as Khānā Poshtān) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 20 families.
 Gonodactylellus is a genus of mantis shrimp. It contains the following species:
 George John Shaw-Lefevre 1st Baron Eversley PC DL (12 June 1831 – 19 April 1928) was a British Liberal Party politician. In a ministerial career that spanned thirty years he was twice First Commissioner of Works and also served as Postmaster General and President of the Local Government Board.
 Burgruine Groppenstein is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 This Is an Outrage! is the second studio album by American power pop band Capital Lights with their previous album being released under the name Aftereight. Outrage placed on the X 2009 Christian rock hits compilation and Out of Control went to #1 on the R&R Christian Rock charts in 2008.
 Sisak Synagogue was the 19th century synagogue in Sisak Croatia built in the 1880. During World War II it was devastated and robbed and synagogue rabbi Beno Heisz was killed in 1943. Synagogue today serves as a music school.
 Stetinden (Lom) is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 M. Shivanna (born 8 March 1948) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Chamarajanagar constituency of Karnataka and is a member of the Janata Dal (Secular) (JD(S)) political party.
 Vigiliae Christianae: A Review of Early Christian Life and Languages is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Brill Publishers in the field of early Christian studies. According to the publisher:Vigiliae Christianae contains articles and short notes of an historical cultural linguistic or philological nature on early Christian literature written after the New Testament as well as on Christian epigraphy and archaeology.
 Raphitoma pallaryi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Why the Swallow Has the Tail with Little Horns (Russian: Почему́ у ла́сточки хво́стик ро́жками; tr.:Pochemu u lastochki khvostik rozhkami) is the first animated film made in the Kazakh SSR. It was directed by Amen Khaydarov and released in 1967.
 Léon Casgrain (August 13 1892 – November 5 1967) was a Canadian politician from Quebec.
 Emanuel Medical Center is a 209-bed acute care hospital located in Turlock California and also runs a 145-bed skilled nursing facility. The medical center is equipped with a helipad (FAA LID: CA58). Emanuel Medical Center is a ministry of the Evangelical Covenant Church. In the most recent year with available data the medical center had 11041 total admissions performed 3510 inpatient procedures 3083 outpatient procedures and the emergency department had 58450 visits.
 Trance Appeal is the sixth album by Klaus Schulze under the alias Richard Wahnfried (or just Wahnfried in this case) released in 1996.
 The Whitcomb Inn and Farm (also known as the David and Tilly Whitcomb House and Farm and the Samuel Wheeler House and Farm) is an historic farm at 43 Old Sugar Road in Bolton Massachusetts. The oldest portion of the farmhouse which is believed to be the oldest building in Bolton is estimated to have been built c. 1708 when David Whitcomb acquired the land from his father.
 Duškovci is a village in the municipality of Požega western Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 369 people.
 Obiageli Ezekwesili is a Nigerian chartered accountant. She was a co-founder of Transparency International serving as one of the pioneer Directors of the global anti-corruption body based in Berlin Germany. She served as Federal Minister of Solid Minerals and then as Federal Minister of Education during the second term presidency of Olusegun Obasanjo. Since then she has been the Vice President of the World Bank's Africa division.
 Thais bitubercularis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Maurice Joseph Sullivan (December 7 1884 – August 9 1953) was an American politician. He was the 15th and 18th Lieutenant Governor of Nevada and a U.S. Representative from Nevada. He was a member of the Democratic Party.
 Ghitung is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2515 persons living in 482 individual households.
 Šimanovci (Serbian Cyrillic: Шимановци) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Pećinci municipality in the Srem District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 3358 people (2002 census).
 The C. Burton Hotel also known as the Sycamore House is located on NY 55 a mile west of Grahamsville New York United States. It is a wooden Greek Revival structure dating to 1851.It is possibly the only Greek Revival building in Sullivan County with columns and the only one with a ballroom. In its later years it was used as a house and a medical office; currently it is unoccupied. In 2005 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Bank of America Fifth Avenue Plaza is a 166 m (545 ft) skyscraper in Seattle Washington. It was constructed from 1979 to 1981 and has 42 floors. It is the 9th tallest building in Seattle and was designed by 3D/International. The building has been able to retain a minimum of 98% occupancy since it was opened.
 Dreisesselberg (Czech: Třístoličník) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany in the Bavarian Forest.Three of the Chair Berg is a 1333 m high mountain in the Bavarian Forest in Bavaria (Germany).
 Naserabad (Persian: ناصراباد‎ also Romanized as Nāṣerābād) is a village in Saghder Rural District Jebalbarez District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 James Mason House and Farm is a historic home located at Hedgesville Berkeley County West Virginia. The two story stone house was built about 1809 and is a four-bay limestone building with a gable roof measuring 24 feet wide by 22 feet deep. A two-story concrete block residential addition was completed about 1900. Also on the property is a bank barn (c. 1890) and corn crib (c. 1890).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 James O’Quinn Reese known as Jim Reese (born December 14 1929) is a businessman who served from 1968 to 1974 as the mayor of Odessa Texas. From the 1960s to the 1980s he was a figure in the development of the two-party system in West Texas. In 1978 he lost the Republican nomination to future U.S. President George W. Bush for Texas' 19th congressional district seat in the United States House of Representatives.
 Hiresindhogi also spelled as Hire Sindhogi (Kannada: ಹಿರೇಸಿಂಧೋಗಿ ) is a village in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Hiresindhogi is located South to District Headquarters Koppal and is 12 km from Koppal city.
 Trkusów [ˈtrkusuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Skalmierzyce 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 103 km (64 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Chah-e Gerd (Persian: چاه گرد‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Gerd) is a village in Rahdar Rural District in the Central District of Rudan County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Benjamin Howland (July 27 1755 – May 1 1821) was a United States Senator from Rhode Island. Born in Tiverton he attended the common schools engaged in agricultural pursuits was collector of taxes in 1801 town auditor in 1802 and town moderator in 1805. He was a member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives in 1810 and a general in the State militia during the War of 1812.Howland was elected as a Democratic-Republican to the U.S.
 Eupithecia flavoapicaria is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan and Taiwan.
 Uzundere is a village in the District of Hasankeyf Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 195 people.
 Zipbangboom is the third album by Fishboy.
 The Funhouse is a 1981 American horror film directed by Tobe Hooper. It was written by Larry Block and stars Elizabeth Berridge Kevin Conway William Finley Southern Mississippi University football star Cooper Huckabee Miles Chapin Largo Woodruff (Becky from Coward of the County) and two-time Academy Award-nominee Sylvia Miles. The film's plot concerns four teenagers who become trapped in a dark ride at a local carnival and are stalked by a deformed killer.
 Swarth is the third studio album by Australian extreme metal band Portal. The album was packaged in a gatefold hard cover digi-sleeve with a 16-page booklet.
 Anepesa is a village in Kärla Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Lakeside Lake is located at Chuck Ford-Lakeside Park in east Tucson Arizona United States on the northwest corner of Stella Road and Sarnoff Drive.
 Kevin Bacon is the state Senator for the 3rd District of the Ohio Senate. Formerly he served in the Ohio House of Representatives. He is the chairman of the Senate Commerce and Labor committee. He is a Republican.
 Najbolje do sada (English translation: The Best Until Now) is the first greatest hits/compilation album by Montenegrin singer Boban Rajović. It was released in 2009.The cover of the album was photographed by Belgrade-based photographer Andreja Damnjanović.
 Pasveh (Persian: پسوه‎ also Romanized as Pasevh and Pasooh; also known as Qal‘eh Paswah and Qal‘eh-ye Pasveh) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District Lajan District Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2977 in 515 families.
 Jirhandeh (Persian: جيرهنده‎ also Romanized as Jīrhandeh) is a village in Jirhandeh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District Lasht-e Nesha District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 605 in 180 families.
 The Itajaí do Oeste River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Andaman Sea (Bengali: আন্দামান সাগর; Hindi: अंडमान सागर) is a body of water to the southeast of the Bay of Bengal south of Burma (Myanmar) west of Thailand north-west of Malay Peninsula north of Sumatra and east of the Andaman Islands India; it is part of the Indian Ocean.The sea has been traditionally used for fishery and transportation of goods between the coastal countries and its coral reefs and islands are popular tourist destinations.
 Bergy Bridge Historic District is a national historic district located near Harleysville in Upper Salford Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It encompasses four contributing buildings and two contributing structures. They are the Bergy Stone Arch Bridge (1848) Kratz House and Barn (c. 1861) German garden Bergy Inn and Stable Building.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Zizina is a genus of gossamer-winged butterflies in the subfamily Polyommatinae.
 The Barnsley Canal is a canal that ran from Barnby Basin through Barnsley South Yorkshire England to a junction with the Aire and Calder Navigation near Wakefield. It was 14.5 miles (23.3 km) long and included 15 locks. It was taken over by the Aire and Calder Navigation in 1854 and despite competition from the railways and structural damage from subsidence remained profitable until 1942.
 Scientriffic is a bi-monthly kids science magazine published by CSIRO Publishing. It was established in 1999 as a sister publication to The Helix CSIRO Publishing's magazine for teens.The magazine is usually 40 pages long and trimmed to quarto paper size. It typically contains feature articles about science and mathematics of interest to kids.
 Raúl Modesto Castro Ruz (Spanish pronunciation: [raˈul ˈkastro]; born 3 June 1931) is a Cuban Marxist-Leninist politician and revolutionary who has been President of the Council of State of Cuba and the President of the Council of Ministers of Cuba since 2008; he previously exercised presidential powers in an acting capacity from 2006 to 2008.
 The Haunted House of Horror also titled Horror House and The Dark was an early type of teen slasher film set in late 60's England. It starred Frankie Avalon and Jill Haworth as young adults looking for a thrill by spending the night in an old mansion in the English countryside. Although portraying a teenager Avalon was nearly 30 years old at the time of filming. It was directed by Michael Armstrong who would go on to direct Mark of the Devil.
 Songdo First World is the first completed residential project in Songdo IBD Korea. There are 12 buildings ranging from 3 floors to 64 floors.[citation needed] Currently there are 2685 units within this complex. This luxury apartment is designed by KPF and BAUM. It is located adjacent to the Songdo convensia Northeast Asia Trade Tower and subway station.
 Hiding Place is an album from Contemporary Christian group Selah. It was released on 2004.
 The Manzai Comics (also known as The Comedy Team) is a manga series written by Atsuko Asano and illustrated by Hizuru Imai. In Japan it is published by Jive. In the United States it is published by Aurora Publishing.Takashi Akimoto (秋本 貴史 Akimoto Takashi) a confident and forceful student cajoles Ayumu Seta (瀬田 歩 Seta Ayumu) a misfit into forming a comedy duo.
 The Andreneasa Creek ( in Hungarian: Andrenyásza-patak ) is a right tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Aphyle affinis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It found in the Upper Amazonas and Peru.
 Joseph Cable (April 17 1801 – May 1 1880) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio great-grandfather of John Levi Cable.Born in Jefferson County then in the Territory Northwest of the River Ohio (now in the State of Ohio) Cable attended the public schools. He studied law. He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Jefferson County.
 Scilicet was established in 1968 by Jacques Lacan as the official French-language journal of the École Freudienne de Paris. Published by Éditions du Seuil it appeared intermittently until the double issue of 1976. The title was revived in 2006 to distribute preparatory texts for the Congresses of the World Association of Psychoanalysis and is now published in both French and Spanish. The new series began with a digital volume and has since extended to three print volumes.
 No Questions Remain is the debut album by Albanian-American recording artist Kristine Elezaj. Elezaj released her first single Let You Know along with a music video in late 2009. In early 2010 Souvenirs was released with its music video which was credited as having dance moves like the young Britney Spears.The album has been noted as being a collection of club ready songs with a few powerful ballads including Light Years Always and Momentum.
 Jeremiah Northup (1816 – April 10 1879) was a Canadian merchant shipowner and politician.Born in Falmouth Nova Scotia the son of John Northup and Agnes Harvey he had ownership of at least seven ships during his lifetime. In 1867 he was elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as an anti-confederate. He was appointed to the Senate of Canada in 1870 representing the senatorial division of Halifax Nova Scotia. A Liberal he served until his death in 1879.
 Alcatraz is the ninth album by the Berkeley California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience released in 1999 by Lookout! Records. It was the band's last album to include bassist Joel Reader who left the group after its release.
 Fujian Blue (simplified Chinese: 金壁辉煌; traditional Chinese: 金壁輝煌; pinyin: Jīn Bì Hūihúang; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kim-piah-hui-hông) is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Weng Shouming (Robin Weng).
 Muscle & Fitness is an American fitness and bodybuilding magazine founded by Joe Weider but now published by American Media Inc.
 Early Mornin' Stoned Pimp was Kid Rock's third full length album It was distributed by his own label Top Dog Records. There are two pressings of this CD the first the 1996 original pressing has the Top Dog logo on the actual CD while the 1999 reissue it just a basic labeled disc. Kid Rock used the money he made from his 1994/1995 monthly Bootleg Series cassettes as well as becoming the janitor at The White Room Studios to purchase recording time.
 The Magellanic Cloud (Polish title: Obłok Magellana) is a 1955 science fiction novel by Polish writer Stanisław Lem who also wrote Solaris. The novel was the basis for the Czech film Ikarie XB-1.
 Eldorado Peak is a 8868-foot (2703 m) peak in the North Cascades of the U.S. state of Washington about 27 miles (43 km) east of Concrete. It is located in North Cascades National Park at the head of Marble Creek and west of Inspiration Glacier. Other glaciers in the immediate vicinity include Eldorado Glacier and McAllister Glacier.
 Wólka Konopna [ˈvulka kɔˈnɔpna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebieszów within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Łuków and 88 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 190.
 Medyka [mɛˈdɨka] is a village in Przemyśl County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Medyka. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Przemyśl and 72 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.In 2006 the village had a population of approximately 2800.
 Gerdeh Qol (Persian: گرده قل‎; also known as Gerdeh Qūl) is a village in Mokriyan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 507 in 109 families.
 The John Smith House is an historic property located in LeClaire Iowa United States. The house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979. The property is part of the Houses Houses of Mississippi River Men Thematic Resource which covers the homes of men from LeClaire who worked on the Mississippi River as riverboat captains pilots builders and owners.
 We Are Smug is a collaborative studio album recorded by Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes and producer and songwriter Robert Conley under the pseudonym We Are Smug. Originally intended as an anonymous secret side project for Hayes to experiment with new sounds the album was given away for free for a limited period via digital download as a gift to fans on Hayes' birthday on 8 May 2009 but all free links have since been removed.
 The Phascogales (members of the eponymous genus Phascogale) also known as wambengers are carnivorous Australian marsupials of the family Dasyuridae. There are two species: the brush-tailed phascogale (Phascogale tapoatafa) and the red-tailed phascogale (Phascogale calura). As with a number of dasyurid species the males live for only one year dying after a period of frenzied mating.
 The 65th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began on the first Tuesday in January.
 Sad Songs Remind Me is the ninth installment in The Emo Diaries series of compilation albums released June 24 2003 by Deep Elm Records. As with all installments in the series the label had an open submissions policy for bands to submit material for the compilation and as a result the music does not all fit within the emo style.
 Chloroclystis permixta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found on Java.
 Elizabeth Betsy Johnson (born c. 1950) is an American politician in the state of Oregon. A Democrat she is serving her second term in the Oregon State Senate representing the 16th Senate District which includes the cities of Tillamook Astoria St. Helens and Seaside. Johnson previously served in the Oregon House of Representatives.She began serving in the Senate in January 2005 initially being appointed to succeed Joan Dukes who had vacated the seat to take another position.
 Rika's Landing Roadhouse also known as Rika's Landing Site or the McCarty Roadhouse is a roadhouse located at a historically important crossing of the Tanana River off mile 274.5 of the Richardson Highway in Big Delta in the Southeast Fairbanks Census Area Alaska United States.The roadhouse is named after Rika Wallen who obtained it from John Hajdukovich and operated it for many years. It became a hub of activity in that region of the interior.
 North Triangle Pond is a 20-acre (81000 m2) shallow pond in the West Plymouth section of Plymouth Massachusetts east of the Route 80 terminus off Samoset Street (former U.S. Route 44). The average water depth of the pond is less than one meter. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and nuisance exotic species.
 József Varga (born 27 June 1962) is a Hungarian politician of Romani ethnicity member of the National Assembly (MP) from Budapest Regional List since 2010. He was also MP from the National List of Fidesz between 2002 and 2010.He served as a member of the Committee on Human Rights Minority Civic and Religious Affairs from 2002 to 2010. He was appointed Vice Chairman of Committee on Employment and Labour on 14 May 2010.
 The Enchanted Wood is a children's novel written by Enid Blyton the first in The Faraway Tree series.
 Arielulus is a genus of Vesper bats. It contains the following species sometimes in Pipistrellus:Genus ArielulusCollared Pipistrelle (Arielulus aureocollaris)Black-Gilded Pipistrelle (Arielulus circumdatus)Coppery Pipistrelle (Arielulus cuprosus)Social Pipistrelle (Arielulus societatis)Necklace Pipistrelle (Arielulus torquatus)
 Southey’s Widow (Tarsocera southeyae) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in South Africa on medium altitudes from Calvina in the northern Cape to Willowmore and Jansenville in the eastern Cape.The wingspan is 42-52 mm for males and 50-57 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to November (with a peak in October). There is one generation per yearThe larvae probably feed on various Poaceae species.
 Holyrood Church (or Holy Rood Church) was one of the original five churches serving the old walled town of Southampton England. Built in 1320 the church was destroyed by enemy bombing during the blitz in November 1940. In 1957 the shell of the church was dedicated as a memorial to the sailors of the Merchant Navy.
 This is a large subfamilly of robberflies
 Dagger & Guitar is the 1983 third album by the Danish rock band Sort Sol (previously Sods) and the first of their records to carry the new name Sort Sol.The album was when it was released often seen as the first commercial album for the band as it contained more listenable and catchier songs than the two previous albums. It was produced by the American producer Chris Butler. As with the previous records this was too reissued in 1997 though with a new cover.
 The Tribune's Curse is a novel by John Maddox Roberts. It is the seventh volume of Roberts's SPQR series featuring Senator Decius Metellus.
 Domenica (also known as Sunday) is a 2001 Italian drama film directed by Wilma Labate. It entered the Panorama section at the 51st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Borów [ˈbɔruf] (German: Markt Bohrau) is a village in Strzelin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Borów. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Strzelin and 28 kilometres (17 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 900.
 Bakersfield City Hall (which is also referred to as City Hall South) is the center of government for the City of Bakersfield California. It houses the Mayor's office and the City Council Chambers. It is located in the Civic Center Downtown. A statue of Colonel Thomas Baker the city's founder is in front of the building and is marked as California Historical Landmark #382. Many of the city's departments and officials are located in City Hall North which is one block west of City Hall South.
 This is about the politician. For the fictional character see Splatterhouse. For the American college football coach see Rick Taylor (American football).Rick Taylor is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 151st legislative district. He was elected in 2006.Taylor attended University of Minnesota and interned for Minnesota House of Representatives and with Paul Wellstone.
 Knud Børge Andersen known as K. B. Andersen for short (1 December 1914 – 23 March 1984) was a Danish politician who served as Danish Minister of Education and Minister of Foreign Affairs and held international offices.
 The Bay of Plenty Times is the regional daily paper for the Bay of Plenty area including Tauranga.
 The Ohio Theatre is a historic movie theater in downtown Lima Ohio United States. Built in 1927 the theater is a brick and concrete structure featuring multiple architectural styles.
 Cash (stylized as Ca$h) is a 2010 American independent crime-thriller film directed by Stephen Milburn Anderson that stars Sean Bean and Chris Hemsworth.
 Mi Mejor Regalo (Spanish: My Best Present) is the first Christmas album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was released in 1992 and is currently out of print in CD but it is available as a digital download at iTunes.
 Kirby Bellars Priory was a priory at Kirby Bellars in Leicestershire England.
 Monte Aga is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Book of Lies is a novel written by Brad Meltzer which assumes a connection between the story of Cain and Abel and the superhero Superman written by Jerry Siegel. According to WorldCat the book is in 2133 libraries The book has been translated into Polish Hebrew Italian German and Korean.
 The Moana Hotel also known as the First Lady of Waikīkī is a famous historic hotel on the island of Oʻahu located at 2365 Kalākaua Avenue in Honolulu Hawaiʻi. It is today one of three buildings that make up the Moana Surfrider A Westin Resort & Spa. Built in the late 19th century as the first hotel in Waikiki the Moana opened its doors to guests in 1901 becoming the first large hotel in Waikīkī.
 Sierpowo [ɕerˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarne within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Czarne 26 km (16 mi) west of Człuchów and 136 km (85 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 187.
 The Bretea River is a tributary of the Şieu River in Romania.
 The Cozla River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Florida Brewing Company building is a historic brewery building that once housed Ybor City Brewing Company which became Florida Brewing Company. It has been restored and converted into a law office. It is the tallest building in Tampa's Ybor City Historic District.
 Ratko: The Dictator's Son also known as National Lampoon's Ratko: The Dictator's Son is a 2009 teen comedy directed by Savage Steve Holland. The film was produced by Intermedia Films and Cinetel Films and was distributed by National Lampoon Inc. It was filmed in Vancouver B.C. Canada.
 Mikołajówek [mʲikɔwaˈjuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The Otterbury Incident is a novel for children by Cecil Day-Lewis first published in 1948 with illustrations by Edward Ardizzone. Day-Lewis's second and final children's book the novel is an adaptation of a French screenplay Nous les gosses (Us Kids) which was filmed in 1941.The novel is set in the immediate post-World War II period in the fictional English small provincial town of Otterbury.
 Different Kinda Different is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released in June 1980 by Columbia Records. The album was retitled All for You for its release in the UK where it made it to number 20 during an eight-week run on the album chart that began the following month on July 12.
 Qeshlaq-e Qaleh Now-e Amlak (Persian: قشلاق قلعه نواملاك‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qal‘eh Now-e Amlāk; also known as Qeshlāq-e Qal‘eh Now and Qeshlāq Qal‘eh) is a village in Ferunabad Rural District in the Central District of Pakdasht County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 407 in 89 families.
 Nargan (Persian: نرگان‎ also Romanized as Nargān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 27 families.
 Babylon is the debut album of Welsh rock band Skindred. The band was formed from members of the disbanded band Dub War including leader Benji Webbe and signed to RCA Records in 2002 who released the album in July. The band felt that they were being treated poorly by the label and left in 2004 signing with Bieler Bros. Records who released the album internationally in association with Lava Records.
 Autodectis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Trichomycterus guaraquessaba is a species of pencil catfish presently only known from Rio Bracinho a small isolated river in Paraná state Brazil.This is an elongate catfish up to 91.5 centimetres (36.0 in) standard length. It has no unique morphological features and can be distinguished from its congeners by a combination of characters including a uniformly grey colouring with only small dark spots on the flank pelvic fin not covering the urogenital opening and square-ended caudal fin.
 Whatever Gets You Through the Day is the third (and so-far final) album released by UK duo Lighthouse Family in 2001 on Wildcard / Polydor.[citation needed] The album produced one Top 10 hit (I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel to Be) Free / One one Top 30 hit Run and one Top 60 single Happy. It reached Platinum status.
 Tondanichthys kottelati is a species of viviparous halfbeak endemic to Indonesia where it is only known from Lake Tondano in the far north of the island of Sulawesi. This species grows to a length of 6.4 centimetres (2.5 in) SL.
 Rum Sodomy & the Lash is the second studio album by the London-based folk punk band The Pogues released in 1985. The album's title is taken from a quotation often misattributed[citation needed] to Winston Churchill: Don't talk to me about naval tradition. It's nothing but rum sodomy and the lash. Singer and primary songwriter Shane MacGowan claimed that the title was suggested by drummer Andrew Ranken.
 Svante Myrick (born March 15 1987) is mayor of Ithaca New York the county seat of Tompkins County and host city to Cornell University and Ithaca College. Myrick is a member of the Democratic Party. In September 2011 he won a contested primary election for the Democratic Party nomination for Mayor of the City of Ithaca. On November 8 2011 he won the general election with 54.9% of the vote defeating three other candidates (two independents and one Republican).
 Let the Ocean Take Me is the fourth album by Australian metalcore band The Amity Affliction. It is scheduled to be released on June 6 2014 in Australia and June 10 2014 in the US through Roadrunner Records. It's the first record to feature new guitarist Dan Brown following Imran Siddiqi's departure shortly before their previous album release (August 2012).
 Eric Barlow (born May 8 1966 in Gillette Wyoming) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing District 3 since January 8 2013.
 Harriet Ruth Harman (born 30 July 1950) is a British Labour Party politician and Member of Parliament (MP) for Camberwell and Peckham since 1982. She has been Deputy Leader of the Labour Party since 2007 and is also currently Shadow Deputy Prime Minister and Shadow Secretary of State for Culture Media and Sport. Harman was first appointed to the Cabinet in 1997 under Tony Blair as Secretary of State for Social Security and the first ever Minister for Women.
 For Love of Mother-Not (1983) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book is the first chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series though it was written fourth as a prequel to help flesh out Flinx’s early history.
 Kach Kurin (Persian: كچ كورين‎ also Romanized as Kach Kūrīn; also known as Kajgūrīn and Qal‘eh-ye Tarān) is a village in Damen Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 23 families.
 X: The Man with the X-ray Eyes is a 1963 science fiction/horror film. Directed by Roger Corman from a script by Ray Russell and Robert Dillon the film stars Ray Milland as Dr. James Xavier. A world renowned scientist Dr. Xavier experiments with X-ray vision and things go horribly wrong. While most of the cast are relatively unknown Don Rickles is notable in an uncharacteristically dramatic role.
 The Răcătău River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Distributed Computing is a peer reviewed scientific journal in the field of computer science published by Springer. The journal covers the field of distributed computing with contributions to the theory specification design and implementation of distributed systems.
 Krzczonów [ˈkʂt͡ʂɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Drzewica 10 km (6 mi) east of Opoczno and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 578.
 House at 226 West Penn Street also known as Long Beach Historical Museum is a historic home located at Long Beach in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1909 and is a two story American Craftsman / bungalow style residence with a stucco exterior and a clay tile hipped roof. It features a large stucco colonnaded wraparound porch supported by eight thick columns. Also on the property is a contributing early 20th century garage.
 Wild!! is a jazz album by Terry Silverlight.
 The Raleigh Tavern was a tavern in Williamsburg Virginia and was one of the largest taverns in colonial Virginia. It gained some fame in the pre-American Revolutionary War Colony of Virginia as a gathering place for legislators after several Royal Governors officially dissolved the House of Burgesses the elected legislative body when their actions did not suit the Crown.
 Cochylimorpha pirizanica is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Kirgizstan and Iran (Fars Province).
 Gwimokbong is a mountain in Gapyeong County Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It rests between the peaks of Cheonggyesan and Myeongjisan. Gwimokbong has an elevation of 1036 m (3399 ft).
 Cristina Elisabet Fernández de Kirchner (Spanish pronunciation: [kɾisˈtina eˈlisaβet ferˈnandes ðe ˈkiɾʃneɾ] ; born 19 February 1953) known as Cristina Kirchner and often referred by her initials «CFK» is the 52nd and current President of Argentina and widow of former president Néstor Kirchner. She is the second woman to serve as President of Argentina (after Isabel Martínez de Perón 1974–1976) the first directly elected female president and the first woman re-elected.
 Skyscraper is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Howard Higgin. At the 2nd Academy Awards in 1930 Elliott J. Clawson was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Writing (Adapted Screenplay).
 Nicias is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Nicias alurnoides (Thomson 1857) Nicias andrarius (Galileo 1987) Nicias buquetii Thomson 1857 Nicias crenatocerus (Galileo 1987) Nicias dichotomus (Galileo 1987) Nicias elegans (Waterhouse 1880) Nicias lobicollis (Bates 1875) Nicias magnificus (Galileo 1987) Nicias pallidus (Galileo 1987)↑
 Chwalborzyce [xfalbɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Świnice Warckie 26 km (16 mi) west of Łęczyca and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Archiv für Molluskenkunde is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Senckenberg Gesellschaft für Naturforschung covering research in malacology.
 Ovčinja is a village in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 582 people.
 Reelfoot Lake is a shallow natural lake located in the northwest portion of U.S. state of Tennessee. Much of it is really more of a swamp with bayou-like ditches (some natural some man-made) connecting more open bodies of water called basins the largest of which is called Blue Basin. Reelfoot Lake is noted for its bald cypress trees and its nesting pairs of bald eagles. It is the site of Reelfoot Lake State Park.
 California Agriculture is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal reporting news and research on agricultural natural and human resources that is published by the University of California Division of Agriculture and Natural Resources. The journal was established in December 1946.
 Miklusėnai is a village in Alytus district municipality in Alytus County in south Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 1021 people. Village name first time mentioned in 1744.
 Goat Songs is the name of a 7 vinyl EP by The Sundowners released on Sea Note Records in 1993. The EP is a collaboration between Palace Brothers (Will Oldham) and Smog (Bill Callahan). The EP was reissued on 21 May 1994.
 The Beauregard Parish Training School in DeRidder Louisiana was a school for education of black students and for training of black teachers. The school buildings located on the original property on the corner of Martin Luther King drive and Alexandria street in DeRidder were the first African-American related structures in southwestern Louisiana to be listed in the National Register of Historic Places on March 1 1996.
 The Whole Love is the eighth album by American alternative rock group Wilco released on September 27 2011. It is their first album on their own label dBpm. Attendees at Wilco's 2011 Solid Sound Festival at the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art from June 24 to 26 could purchase the first single from the album I Might. The entire album was streamed live on Wilco's official website for 24 hours between September 3 and 4 2011 and later streamed on National Public Radio.
 Tinaco River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The White Nile (Arabic: النيل الأبيض‎ an nīl al 'abyaḍ) is a river of Africa one of the two main tributaries of the Nile from Egypt the other being the Blue Nile. In the strict meaning White Nile refers to the river formed at Lake No at the confluence of the Bahr al Jabal and Bahr el Ghazal Rivers. In the wider sense the term White Nile refers to the approximately 3700 kilometres (2300 mi) of rivers draining from Lake Victoria into the White Nile proper.
 The Merchant and the Alchemist's Gate is a fantasy novelette by Ted Chiang originally published in 2007 by Subterranean Press and reprinted in the September 2007 issue of Fantasy & Science Fiction. It won the 2008 Hugo Award for Best Novelette and the 2008 Nebula Award for Best Novelette.
 Instant 0 in the Universe is a 2003 EP by Stereolab. It was released as three 7 singles in a slipcase as well as on CD. This was the first release by the group after the death of longtime member Mary Hansen in December 2002. It was also the first release recorded at Stereolab's Instant Zero studio north of Bordeaux in France.
 Elachista spinigera is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Turkmenistan.The length of the forewings is about 3.7 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is white with three brown spots. The hindwings are brownish. Adults have been recorded in August.
 Dragonslayer is the debut album by the Swedish heavy metal band Dream Evil.
 Rim is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D3 highway.
 It's Like This Cat is a novel written by Emily Cheney Neville that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1964.
 Walter Becher (October 1 1912 - August 25 2005) was a German Bohemian politician representative of the All-German Bloc/League of Expellees and Deprived of Rights (GB/BHE) All German Party (German: Gesamtdeutsche Partei) (GDP) and the Christian Social Union of Bavaria.He was an associate of the pro-Nazi politician Konrad Henlein. Later he became a writer for the Nazi newspaper Die Zeit published in Sudetenland.
 Osakia lineolella is a species of snout moths and the only species in the genus Osakia. It was described by Ragonot in 1901 and is known from Japan.
 Vartavan (Persian: ورتوان‎ also Romanized as Vartavān) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 268 in 73 families.
 Andy Patrick is an American politician from the state of South Carolina. A member of the Republican Party Patrick is a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives representing the 123rd district.
 Blastobasis neniae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 5.7 mm. The forewings are pale-brown intermixed with brown scales or pale-brown scales tipped with white intermixed with brown scales tipped with pale brown and a few dark-brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Leva Reka (Macedonian: Лева Река) is a village in the northern part of Resen Municipality in the Republic of Macedonia roughly 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi) from the municipal centre of Resen. It has 60 residents.
 Zachrysia is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae[citation needed] or Pleurodontidae.[citation needed]
 Calathus micropterus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania Andorra Greece Hungary Moldova Monaco Portugal San Marino Spain Vatican City all states of former Yugoslavia (except Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina) and various islands.
 The Macabu River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Folded Palm is the third album by Frog Eyes released on September 14 2004 on Absolutely Kosher Records.
 Sarah Coral Hanson-Young (born 23 December 1981) is an Australian politician. She has been a Greens member of the Senate since July 2008 representing the state of South Australia. She is the youngest Senator and the youngest woman ever elected to the Australian Parliament.
 Privalj (Serbian: Приваљ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census the village is located in the municipality of Široki Brijeg.
 The Maciovița River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania
 William Purnell Jackson (January 11 1868 – March 7 1939) was a Republican member of the United States Senate representing the State of Maryland from 1912-1914. His father William Humphreys Jackson was a U.S. Congressman from Maryland.
 Cheshmeh-ye Leyraki (Persian: چشمه ليركي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Leyraḵī) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Ranchinu River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Full Metal Panic! (フルメタル·パニック! Furumetaru Panikku! often abbreviated to FMP!) is a series of light novels written by Shoji Gatoh and illustrated by Shiki Douji.
 The Driffield Times is a weekly newspaper in Driffield East Riding of Yorkshire England. It is owned by Yorkshire regional Newspapers Ltd a subsidy of the Johnston Press publishing empire.
 The Glade within the Grove is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author David Foster.
 The Prince Kūhiō Federal Building formally the Prince Jonah Kūhiō Kalanianaʻole Federal Building and United States Courthouse is the official seat of the United States federal government and its local branches of various agencies and departments in the state of Hawaiʻi.
 St. Paul's Parish Church is a historic Gothic Revival Episcopal church designed by architect Ralph Adams Cram. It is located at 26 Washington Street in Malden Massachusetts and was built in 1913. The current building replaced an earlier 1871 building that now serves as the church's parish house. Some of the church's stained glass windows were created by the noted glass studio of Wilbur Herbert Burnhamn.The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Outward Bound (1930) is an all-talking dramatic film based on the hit 1923 play of the same name by Sutton Vane. The film stars Leslie Howard Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Helen Chandler Beryl Mercer Montagu Love Alison Skipworth Alec B. Francis and Dudley Digges. The film was later remade with some changes as Between Two Worlds (1944).
 You or Me is an album by saxophonist Jimmy Heath featuring performances recorded 1995 and released on the SteepleChase label.
 Years of Refusal is the ninth solo album by Morrissey. Distributed by Decca in the UK and Lost Highway in the US it was released on 16 February 2009 in the UK and on 17 February 2009 in the US. Morrissey has described his newest album the follow-up to 2006's UK #1 record Ringleader of the Tormentors as his strongest work to date. It was the last album completed by legendary producer Jerry Finn before his death.
 Gyarakal is a 2004 Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty and produced by [[Pijush SahaRajib Bhadra]]. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rachana Banerjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Babul Bose
 Anand Ramlogan SC (born 1972) is the Current Attorney General of Trinidad and Tobago having been appointed to that office on the 28th day of May 2010.Ramlogan is also a Constitutional and Human Rights Lawyer having been called to the Bar of Trinidad and Tobago in 1996 and the Bar of England and Wales in 1994 and was appointed Senior Counsel on the 30th day of December 2011.He is a member of the Honourable Society of the Middle Temple (U.K.) the holder of an L.L.B.
 The Three Sisters is a 1966 film directed by Paul Bogart. It stars Geraldine Page and Shelley Winters and is based on the play by Anton Chekhov.
 Captains Outrageous is a suspense/crime novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale the sixth novel in the Hap and Leonard series of books.
 Amaxia erythrophleps is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in the upper Amazon Basin.
 Eselsbach (Warmenau) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Bosque is a scientific journal published by the Forestry Faculty of the Southern University of Chile. It publishes articles on a wide range of forestry-related topics primarily on issues that are relevant to Chile Latin America and the Southern Hemisphere. The published articles include peer-reviewed scientific research papers items of current interest and opinion pieces. Bosque's first issue was published in 1975 and the journal was issued yearly until 1985.
 Zeytinada is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Abdi Beyg (Persian: عبدي بيگ‎ also Romanized as ‘Abdī Beyg; also known as ‘Abdī Beyk) is a village in Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 121 in 23 families.
 Gholam Mohammad Bazar (Persian: غلام محمد بازار‎ also Romanized as Gholām Moḩammad Bāzār; also known as Moḩammad and Muhammad) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 233 in 36 families.
 Fir Creek is a tributary about 5 miles (8 km) long of the Bull Run River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Part of the system that provides drinking water to the city of Portland it flows generally northwest through a protected part of the Mount Hood National Forest in Clackamas and Multnomah counties. It joins the Bull Run River at the upper end of Bull Run Reservoir 1 about 14 miles (23 km) from the larger stream's confluence with the Sandy River.
 Bomarzo is a novel by the Argentine writer Manuel Mujica Láinez written in 1962 and later adapted by its author to an opera libretto set by Alberto Ginastera which had its premiere in Washington D.C. in 1967. It is set in the eerie and surrealistic Italian Renaissance town and palace of Bomarzo and concerns the morally and physically deformed Pier Francesco Orsini Duke of Bomarzo.
 Longview Farm in Lee's Summit Missouri United States was built by Robert A. Long. In planning the farm Long again turned to Henry F. Hoit of Hoit Price and Barnes as he had designed Corinthian Hall and the R.A. Long Building. George Kessler was chosen as the landscape architect. The farm and over 50 other structures was built on 1780 acres. Construction started in 1913 and completed in 1914 taking just 18 months to complete.
 Joey also known as Making Contact is a 1985 West German fantasy film from Centropolis Film Productions (now Centropolis Entertainment). The film was co-written and directed by Roland Emmerich.
 Run Come Save Me is the second album released by Roots Manuva. It was released on the Big Dada label in August 2001.Witness (1 Hope) features in the films Children of Men and Kidulthood. It has also been used in television programmes including an episode of Charlie Brooker's Screenwipe over the end credits of the first episode of teen drama Skins and in episode 13 of season one The Wire.
 Bastard Out of Carolina is a 1996 film made by Showtime Networks directed by Anjelica Huston. It is based on a novel by Dorothy Allison and adapted for the screen by Anne Meredith. Jena Malone stars as a poor physically abused and sexually molested girl.In 1997 the theatrical and video releases of the film were banned by Canada's Maritime Film Classification Board.
 Tecmerium rosmarinella is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in France.The larvae feed on Rosmarinus officinalis.
 Wodąca [vɔˈdɔnt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno within Lipsko County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Lipsko and 131 km (81 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Alpha Motherfuckers is a tribute album by various artists originally released on June 9 2001. This record's material is compiled of covers of the Norwegian band Turbonegro.The artists on this record range from Queens of the Stone Age from the U.S. to HIM from Finland.Multiple versions of this album exist including the German version that included a bonus disc of left-over covers in the early first limited pressings; there is also a U.S.
 Backwards Tunnel also known as the Ogdensburg Railroad Arch is located in Ogdensburg Sussex County New Jersey United States. The tunnel was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 28 2005.
 Gahkadeh (Persian: گاه كده‎ also Romanized as Gāhkadeh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 10 families.
 The patchwork stingaree (Urolophus flavomosaicus) is a little-known species of stingray in the family Urolophidae with a disjunct distribution off northwestern and northeastern Australia. It usually inhabits the outer continental shelf at a depth of 60–320 m (200–1050 ft). This species has a diamond-shaped pectoral fin disc much wider than long and a short flattened tail with a prominent dorsal fin and leaf-like caudal fin. There is a skirt-shaped curtain of skin between its nostrils.
 Congresox is a genus of eels in the pike conger family Muraenesocidae. It currently contains these species: Congresox talabon (Cuvier 1829) (yellow pike conger) Congresox talabonoides (Bleeker 1853) (Indian pike conger)
 The genus Neides is a small but common Old World group of stilt bugs; the name has precedence of the junior synonym name Berytus which Fabricius coined for the same taxon in 1803. It formerly included one North American species (Neides muticus) which has been removed to its own genus Neoneides.
 The Valea Crișului River is a tributary of the Săsar River in Romania.
 Kayyalathu Thomas Chacko or K.T. Chacko is a retired Indian Administrative Service officer who held several public offices in the Government of India. He was appointed as the Directorate General of Foreign Trade of India in 2004. He is widely known for his commitment to increase India's participation & role in the Global Economy.
 We're the Brotherhood of Man is the second album by British pop group The Brotherhood of Man in their early incarnation on Deram Records.The album was released in April 1972 two years after their first album and it included the singles Reach Out Your Hand and You and I. Although Reach Out Your Hand was a top 100 hit in the US none of the group's singles around this time had charted in the UK.
 Alcohol Shirt and Kiss (酒とYシャツとキス Sake to Y-shirt to Kiss) is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yuko Kuwabara. It is her debut boys love manga. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on March 21 2007.
 Stolen Hill is the second studio album by New Zealand recording artist Anika Moa it was released on 1 August 2005 by Warner Music NZ. The album was certified gold and has sold over 7500 copies.
 Tayyar Mehmet Pasha (died 24 December 1638) was an Ottoman grand vizier. His epithet Tayyar means flying referring to his speed in military operations.
 Karamindula is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The African Economic Outlook is an annual reference book-journal which focuses on the economics of most African countries. It reviews the recent economic situation and predicts the short-term interrelated economic social and political evolution of all African economies. The report is published by the OECD Development Centre the African Development Bank the United Nations Development Programme and United Nations Economic Commission for Africa. It was established in 2002.
 First Underground Nuclear Kitchen is a studio album by former Deep Purple Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/bassist Glenn Hughes. It is his twelfth solo studio album and was released in 2008 on Frontiers Records.
 The Makens Bemont House commonly called the Huguenot House is a property in East Hartford Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The house is one of several buildings located in Martin Park and operated by the Historical Society of East Hartford as the Historical Houses at Martin Park. The Makens Bemont House is furnished to appear as if owned by a late 18th/early 19th century workingman.
 The Winslow Homer Studio is the historic studio and home of the artist Winslow Homer which is located on what is now Winslow Homer Road on Prouts Neck in Scarborough Maine. Maine architect John Calvin Stevens altered and expanded an existing carriage house to suit Homer's needs in 1884 even moving the building 100 feet for added privacy from his brother's neighboring summer home. The most dramatic element is a balcony the width of the building from which the artist often painted in winter.
 Chain of Rocks is a village in Lincoln County Missouri United States. The population was 93 at the 2010 census.
 Noël Mamère (born 25 December 1948 in Libourne Gironde) is a French journalist and politician. He is the mayor of Bègles in Gironde as well as deputy to the French National Assembly for that constituency. He was for several years a member of the party Europe Écologie–The Greens but left it in late September 2013.
 Joyride is the fourth album by the singer/songwriter Lida Husik released on March 14 1995 through Caroline Records.
 Chah-e Khalil Borati (Persian: چاه خليل براتي ‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Khalīl Borātī; also known as Chāh-e Ḩājj Mīrzā Ḩasan) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nevado Tres Cruces is a massif of volcanic origin in the Andes Mountains. It has two main summits Tres Cruces Sur at 6749 m and Tres Cruces Central at 6629 m and a third more minor summit Tres Cruces Norte 6030m. The former marks the border between Argentina and Chile. The usual route of ascent for all peaks is from the Chilean side since the Argentine side is very remote.The massif gives its name to Nevado Tres Cruces National Park in Chile.
 Ketumadi Toungoo Yazawin (Burmese: ကေတုမတီ တောင်ငူ ရာဇဝင် lit. the Chronicle of Toungoo) is a Burmese chronicle that covers the history of Toungoo from 1279 to 1613. An 1837 palm-leaf manuscript copy of an earlier copy has survived. The chronicle only provides a brief summary of early rulers. A more detailed account of later rulers begins with the reign of Min Sithu of Toungoo (r. 1481–1485) suggesting that the chronicle was first compiled in the late 15th century.
 Neil Douglas Walter CNZM (born 1942) is a New Zealand diplomat and a former Administrator of Tokelau a territory of New Zealand. He served from February 1988 until 1990 and again from March 1 2003 to 17 October 2006.
 Mount Aragats (Armenian: Արագած also: Ալագյազ - Alagyaz) is a large andesitic-to-dacitic stratovolcano in northwest Armenia about 40 km northwest of the capital city of Yerevan. It is the highest point in Armenia located in the province of Aragatsotn northwest from Yerevan. On its slopes are the Byurakan Observatory and the medieval Amberd Fortress.
 Of Love and Other Demons (Spanish: Del amor y otros demonios) is a novel by Colombian author Gabriel García Márquez first published in 1994.In the prologue García Márquez claims the novel is the fictional representation of a legend the author was told by his grandmother as a child: of a 12 year-old girl who contracts rabies but was believed to be a 'miracle-worker' with long flowing copper hair that continues to grow after death.
 Man with the Screaming Brain is a 2005 science fiction/slapstick film co-written produced directed by and starring Bruce Campbell. It is Campbell's feature film directorial debut. The film was co-written by David Goodman and co-stars Ted Raimi.
 Live In A Dive is the eighth album by punk band Strung Out released by Fat Wreck Chords. The album was recorded in 2002 and released on June 3 2003. The album is the fourth in a series of live albums Live in a Dive by Fat Wreck Chords.
 The James Monroe Law Office located in Fredericksburg Virginia was used for that purpose from 1786 to 1789. James Monroe would later become the fifth President of the United States (1817-1825). It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1966.The building is now the James Monroe Museum and Memorial Library which is owned by the Commonwealth of Virginia and operated by the University of Mary Washington.
 Chah-e Ashair Hajji Nabi Hoseyni (Persian: چاه عشايرئ حاجي نبي حسيني‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAshāīr' Ḩājjī Nabī Ḩoseynī; also known as Chah-e Shahīd ʿAlī) is a village in Doreh Rural District in the Central District of Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 17 families.
 Sgorr na Dìollaid is a mountain in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland. It is situated between Glen Strathfarrar and Glen Cannich 7 km north-west of the village of Cannich.
 Behind the Lines: Powerful and Revealing American and Foreign War Letters—and One Man's Search to Find Them published in 2005 by Scribner is a book compiled by Andrew Carroll the editor of three New York Times bestsellers consisting of letters written by soldiers during the wars in American history correspondences by their civilian families and Carroll's search to find them.
 XXV: The Essential is a compilation album written and mostly performed by Mike Oldfield and released in 1997. The Roman numerals XXV are to represent that this is a compilation pieces of the first 25 years of Oldfield's work.
 May Blitz is the self-titled debut album by British/Canadian power trio May Blitz. It was released in 1970 by Vertigo Records in the UK and Paramount Records in the US.
 Henri-Gédéon Malhiot (March 22 1840 – October 20 1909) was a politician from Quebec Canada.
 Night Train to Paris is a 1964 British spy film starring Leslie Nielsen Aliza Gur and Dorinda Stevens.
 Lake Webster is a fresh water lake located in Kosciusko County Indiana United States. Formerly it was known as Boydston Lake. It borders the town of North Webster to the west of the lake.
 The Al Tayer Tower is a 59-floor residential tower in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Its location along Sheikh Zayed Road gives it close proximity to Downtown Dubai (the district that includes the Burj Khalifa and the Dubai Mall) and Business Bay. The design of the tower was completed in 2005 but ground works did not begin until Spring 2006. The building began to rise above ground level in December 2006. The first glass was put on the building in April 2007 but this was only two windows.
 New Day Dawning an album by Cherish the Ladies was released in 1996 on the Green Linnet label.
 Nataliconus is a proposed genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies. This genus currently (November 2011) is still treated by some experts as an alternative representation of this group of species. When the alternative representations are not used this group of species is instead still placed in the Linnaean genus Conus.
 Mylocheilus caurinus the peamouth is a species of cyprinid fish that is found in North America. It is the only species in its genus.
 The Sulawesi Striped Blue Crow (Euploea configurata) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily. It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Robert Charles Wong (Chinese: 黃景培; born April 27 1941) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. He was a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1987 to 1990 serving as a cabinet minister in the provincial government of David Peterson.
 Titanic Town is a 1998 film. Ciarán Hinds and Julie Walters play Aidan and Bernie McPhelimy a mother and father caught in the Northern Ireland Troubles in Belfast (known for building the Titanic hence the title). Bernie's close friend is killed in the crossfire and so she becomes involved in the peace process.
 Arthur Capell 1st Earl of Essex PC (1631 – 13 July 1683) whose surname is sometimes spelled Capel was an English statesman.
 Bonobono (ぼのぼの) is a yonkoma manga series by Mikio Igarashi. From March 1986 to March 1987 the series ran in the Takeshobo manga magazine Tensai Club before the magazine was replaced with Manga Club where it has been serialized since April 1987. It has also been serialized in Manga Life since April 1986. It has been adapted into an anime television series as well as two anime films and two video games.While the series is considered a yonkoma manga most of the stories use eight panels.
 The Wonderful Adventures of Guerrin Meschino (Italian: Le Meravigliose avventure di Guerrin Meschino) is a 1951 Italian film directed by Pietro Francisci. It is based in part on the 1410 chivalric romance Il Guerrin Meschino.
 Ge Lake (Chinese: 滆湖; pinyin: Gé Hú) is a freshwater lake in China it is situated in south of Jiangsu Province northwest of Lake Tai. The lake has a total area of about 146.5 square kilometers. The average depth is 1.19 m the water storage capacity is about 1.74×108m3.
 Sclerophantis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Going Going Gone is a 2000 alternate history novel by Jack Womack. As the sixth and final installment of his acclaimed Dryco series the novel was the subject of much anticipation and speculation prior to its release and critically well received.
 Donald Robertson ISO (1860 - 31 May 1942) was the first Public Service Commissioner in New Zealand. Prior to being the Public Service Commissioner he was Secretary of the Post & Telegraph Department.He wrote the Early History of the New Zealand Post Office. When he retired he lived in the south of France but came back to New Zealand in the depression. He was born in Dunedin and died in a Wanganui private hospital. Robertson married Edith Martin in 1883.
 Blue Hole (ブルー　ホール Burū Hōru) is a science fiction manga series by Yukinobu Hoshino involving dinosaurs living in the present. Its title in France is Le Trou Bleu. It was serialized in Mister Magazine from 1991 to 1992 with two tankōbon published.
 Rough Mix is an album by The Who's guitarist Pete Townshend and The Faces bassist Ronnie Lane.The album was released in September 1977 as Polydor 2442 in the UK and MCA 2295 in the US.The album peaked at number 44 on the UK album chart and at number 45 on the Billboard 200.
 Death of a Dude is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout published by the Viking Press in 1969.
 121 West Tradealso known as the Interstate Tower is a skyscraper located at the Trade and Tryon in Charlotte center city North Carolina. The post modern building was designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates. It also has 330000 feet (101000 m) of Class A office space.
 Chaos;Head (カオスヘッド Kaosu Heddo) stylized as ChäoS;HEAd is a Japanese visual novel developed by 5pb. and Nitroplus that was released on April 25 2008 for the PC. A port of the game named Chaos;Head Noah (カオスヘッドノア Kaosu Heddo Noa) for the Xbox 360 console was released on February 26 2009 followed by releases on the PlayStation Portable iOS Android & PlayStation 3.
 Excelsior is a former restaurant located in Hotel de l'Europe Amsterdam Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin stars for the period 1957-1970 and for the period 1987-1992.Restaurant Excelsior closed in 2010 and was replaced by Restaurant Bord'Eau in February 2011.GaultMillau awarded Excelsior 15.0 points (out of 20) in 2009.
 Through the Years is Cilla Black's fourteenth solo studio album released in 1993. It features cover versions re-recordings of some of her best known songs duets with other singers and new songs.
 Legg's Dependence also known as Long Creek Farm and William E. Porter Farm is a historic home located at Stevensville Queen Anne's County Maryland. It is a 2 1⁄2-story center-hall plan brick house. It was built in several stages beginning around 1760–80 as a single-story hall/parlor plan dwelling. It was enlarged to its present form during the second quarter of the 19th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Shōjo Friend (少女フレンド Shōjo Furendo) was a shōjo manga magazine formerly published by Kodansha beginning in 1962. Kodansha used the knowledge gained from publishing magazines aimed at young girls including Nakayoshi and Shōjo Club as well as the experience from publishing Weekly Shonen Magazine. Shōjo Friend is considered the successor to Shōjo Club. In 1963 Shueisha began publishing Margaret and the two magazines became fierce competitors.
 Fantasy Ride is the third studio album by American recording artist Ciara first released on May 3 2009 by RCA Records and LaFace Records. The album was recorded between 2007 and 2009. Ciara was executive producer on the album along with co-executive Mark Pittsand Ciara worked with several record producers including Blac Elvis Benny Blanco Blade Jasper Cameron The Clutch Darkchild Danja Dr.
 Doreen Nampiye Sioka (née Matengu 1960–) is a Namibian politician. She is member of the National Assembly of Namibia since 1994 for the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) and a member of the Cabinet since 2005.
 Hugh Richard Heathcote Gascoyne-Cecil 1st Baron Quickswood PC (14 October 1869 – 10 December 1956) styled Lord Hugh Cecil until 1941 was a British Conservative Party politician.
 Blessed Sacrament Catholic Church is a parish in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles located on Sunset Boulevard in the heart of Hollywood California. The church today serves an urban multiethnic community and is known for among other things its gay and lesbian ministry and its many outreach programs including programs to assist the poor.
 Fractals is a peer-reviewed scientific journal devoted to explaining complex phenomena using fractal geometry and scaling. It is published by World Scientific and has explored diverse topics from turbulence and colloidal aggregation to stock markets.
 Spilarctia irina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dubatolov in 2006. It is found in western Indonesia.
 Welaka is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Gold Stars 1992–2002: The Juliana Hatfield Collection is Juliana Hatfield's first collection of greatest hits and also includes previously unreleased recordings released in 2002.
 Saint Anthony's Catholic Church is a parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Davenport. The church is located in Davenport Iowa United States at the corner of 4th and Main Streets. It is the first church congregation organized in the city of Davenport and the second after St. Raphael's Cathedral in Dubuque in the state of Iowa. The parish buildings are listed on the National Register of Historic Places as St. Anthony's Roman Catholic Church Complex.
 Blood Brothers is the 1995 London Studio Cast recording of the Willy Russell musical Blood Brothers. The album features David Cassidy Shaun Cassidy and Petula Clark. The album was the second release of a Blood Brothers cast recording; the earlier version featured the 1988 cast.
 Chester Franciscan Friary is a friary in Chester England established in the 1230s and dissolved in 1538.
 Largichi (Persian: لارگيچي‎ also Romanized as Lārgīchī) is a village in Oshtorjan Rural District in the Central District of Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 589 in 154 families.
 Habit is a 1997 vampire horror film starring Larry Fessenden who also wrote and directed the film. It received rave reviews at the Chicago and Los Angeles International Film Festivals. It is a remake of Fessenden's 1985 film of the same title.
 Goniobranchus multimaculosus is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Piano Love Songs is the 13th studio album released by Bradley Joseph on the Robbins Island Music label (see 2006 in music). Soft Classic Love Songs Performed on the Piano.(Forever I Do written by Bradley Joseph)
 The Peripheral is an upcoming novel by William Gibson. Gibson has stated that it will be set in multiple futures.On April 19 2013 Gibson appeared at the New York Public Library and read from the first chapter: The Gone Haptics.
 A Town Like Alice is a 1956 British drama film based on the novel by Nevil Shute and with Virginia McKenna and Peter Finch in the leading roles. The film does not follow the whole novel concluding at the end of Part Two of the book and many plot details are truncated or omitted. It was partially filmed in Malaya and Australia.
 The Medical Center of Central Georgia (MCCG) is a 637-bed hospital located in Macon Georgia. MCCG is the second largest hospital in Georgia behind Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta. MCCG is a teaching hospital affiliated with Mercer University Medical School. MCCG Serves 30 counties throughout Central Georgia and southern Georgia an area of approximately 750000 residents. MCCG EMS serves Baldwin Bibb Jonesand Twiggs Counties.
 The Paraú River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 Live at The Macbeth London 7th May 2011 is the first live album from Brooklyn Punk band Cerebral Ballzy. It was released in August 2011 in the United Kingdom through Cooking Vinyl.This audio cassette only album is a Rough Trade exclusive that came with the first 100 orders of Cerebral Ballzy's debut album . It came packaged in a custom sickbag sealed with a sticker with the bands logo on it.
 Icerigger (1974) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. Like many of Foster's science-fiction novels Icerigger takes place within his Humanx Commonwealth fictional universe.
 Personal Stereo is the fifth album by Norwegian electronic band Flunk released in 2007 on Beatservice Records.
 Mount Dempo is the highest stratovolcano in South Sumatra province that rises above Pasumah Plain near Pagar Alam and adjacent with Bengkulu Province. Seven craters are found around the summit. A 400 m wide lake is found at the northwest end of the crater complex.The most recent activity has been in 2009. Historical activity has been confined to being small-to-moderate explosive activity that produced ashfall near the volcano.
 Oakwood Cemetery is a nonsectarian rural cemetery in northeastern Troy New York United States. It operates under the direction of the Troy Cemetery Association a non-profit board of directors that deals strictly with the operation of the cemetery. It was established in 1848 in response to the growing rural cemetery movement in New England and went into service in 1850. The cemetery was designed by architect John C.
 Sean D. Wiley is a Pennsylvania politician. A Democrat he is the State Senator for the 49th district.
 BPM magazine was launched in 1996 with the emergence of electronic music and dj culture in America and has been a trusted source ever since.
 R. Tracy Seyfert is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives representing the 5th District from 1997 through her resignation in 2000.Seyfert attended Mountain View Joint Schools. She earned her undergraduate degree from Villa Maria College (now part of Gannon University) her M.A. from Edinboro University of Pennsylvania and a Ph.D. from University of Pittsburgh in 1988.
 Mr S and the Secrets of Andorra's Box is a 2008 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and the eighth in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
 Microcotyle is a genus which belongs to the phylum Platyhelminthes and class Monogenea. It is an ectoparasite that affects its host by attaching itself as a larva on the gills of the fish and grows into adult stage. This larval stage of Microcotyle is called oncomiracidium and is characterized as free swimming and ciliated. Microcotyle is considered as a monogenetic parasite having only one host in its entire life cycle.
 Celtic Woman 4 is the fourth release in a compilation series from Valley Entertainment that began in 1998. The album brings songs both original and traditional from CDs released in Ireland Scotland and England to the United States. It features many accomplished Celtic artists including Karen Matheson (of Capercaillie) Julie Fowlis Kate Rusby Back of the Moon and more.
 Lieutenant-General Eric Norman Goddard CB CIE CBE MVO MC (6 July 1897 – 11 June 1992) was a regular soldier of the Indian Army who rose to the position of General Officer Commanding-in-Chief Indian Southern Command.
 Kauaiina howarthi is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 The Probation Journal: The Journal of Community and Criminal Justice is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering criminal justice and probation that was established in 1929. It is published by SAGE Publications in association with the National Association of Probation Officers (United Kingdom).
 Ajiwal (Punjabi: ਅਜੀਤਵਾਲ਼ is a village situated on the National Highway no. 95 (Ferozepur - Ludhiana road) in the tehsil and district of Moga in Eastern Punjab (India). It is 16 km away from Moga and 14 km away from Jagraon. As of 6 January 2012 Mrs. Jaswinder Kaur is the present Sarpanch of the village.
 Earth is the second recording from the progressive metal band Elitist.
 Absolutely Live is a live album released by the band Toto in 1993 with new vocalists Jenney Douglas-McRae John James and Donna McDaniel. Initially released in 1993 the album has been subsequently re-released in 1999 on Sony International.
 Icon: Best of Vanessa Carlton is the first compilation album by American singer-songwriter and pianist Vanessa Carlton released on January 4 2011 by Universal Music Enterprises and is part of a series of similar Icon albums released by the label. The album includes all of Carlton's released singles as well as a handful of album tracks.
 The Little Church of the West is a wedding chapel on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise Nevada that is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places. Built of California redwood it was intended to be a replica of a typical pioneer town church. It is the oldest building on the Strip.
 The New Deadwardians is an eight issue comic book series by Dan Abnett with artwork by I.N.J. Culbard. The series began publication in March 2012 by Vertigo. Abnett has stated that The New Deadwardians will span eight issues but that We already have a very very nice idea where we would go next with it both in terns of the geopolitics of the world but a very specific other case for a second series.
 Aconaemys is a genus of rodent in the family Octodontidae. It contains the following species: Chilean rock rat (Aconaemys fuscus) Porter's rock rat (Aconaemys porteri) Sage's rock rat (Aconaemys sagei)↑
 Matt W. Windschitl (born December 30 1983) is the Iowa State Representative from the 17th District. A Republican he has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 2007 when he defeated Republican incumbent Paul Wilderdyke in a primary election. Windschitl studied gunsmithing at the Colorado School of Trades. He is a gunsmith and a conductor with the Union Pacific Railroad.
 Krrish Square is a set of four supertall skyscrapers proposed for construction in Colombo Sri Lanka. The multi-purpose residential and commercial will be built on a 4.3-acre (17401 m2) land leased from the Urban Development Authority for a period of 99-years at a cost of Rs.5 billion (approximately US$39.6 million May 2013 rates). The project is owned and run Krrish Group an Indian real-estate company established in 1983.
 St Ignatius Church or the Jesuit Church is a Roman Catholic Church building served by the Society of Jesus next to Coláiste Iognáid in Galway. It was founded in 1863 and is a protected structure in the city.
 Iglesia de San Salvador (Fuentes) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 The giant salmon carp (Aaptosyax grypus) also termed the Mekong giant salmon carp is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family and the single species in the monotypic genus Aaptosyax. It is endemic to the middle reaches of the Mekong River in northern Cambodia Laos and Thailand.
 Taylor Lake (Cumberland) is a lake of Cumberland County in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Samanlı is a village in the District of Beşiri Batman Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 292 people.
 New Writings in SF 22 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer the first volume of nine he oversaw in the New Writings in SF series in succession to the series' originator John Carnell. It was first published in hardcover by Sidgwick & Jackson in 1973 followed by a paperback edition under the slightly variant title New Writings in SF - 22 issued by Corgi in 1974.
 Nöther is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located in the far northern latitudes to the northwest of the walled plain Poczobutt. About two crater diameters to the north-northwest of Nöther lies Niepce.This is an old eroded feature with an outer rim that has become round-shouldered and marked with several small craterlets. The inner wall is narrower along the northeastern side while the southern half is the most heavily marked by impacts.
 If We Could Only See Us Now is a dual disc release by the post hardcore band Thrice and has been certified Gold by the RIAA. The first disc is a CD of rarities including unreleased songs. The second disc is a documentary of the band on DVD which covers their career from their founding up through the release of their album The Artist In The Ambulance.
 Zerograd (Russian: Город Зеро translit. Gorod Zero) is a 1988 Russian mystery film directed by Karen Shakhnazarov. Moscow engineer Alexey Varakin visits small town on a business trip where his adventures begin. He meets a naked secretary at a local factory a prosecutor who wants to commit a crime and other strange characters.
 The Hualien County Stone Sculptural Museum (Chinese: 花蓮縣石雕博物館; pinyin: Huālián Xiàn Shídiāo Bówùguǎn) is a museum of stone sculpture in Hualien City Hualien County Taiwan.
 Zambak magazine was an ethnic political magazine published in Chicago between the years 1994 and 2008. It was founded during the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina as large groups of Bosnian refugees settled in the United States. Zambak started as a newsletter published by the Information Center of Bosnia Herzegovina in Chicago and one year later it became an independent magazine publishing monthly issues until 2008.
 Puthooramputhri Unniyarcha is a 2002 Malayalam film directed by P. G. Viswambharan. Based on Vadakkanpattu the folklore of North Malabar which are ballads extolling the brave and valiant chekavars it stars Vani Viswanath Devan Siddique Captain Raju and Kunchacko Boban in major roles. Jagadeesh Mala Aravindan Jayakrishnan Anoop Sreehari Manya Manka Mahesh Spadikam George and Mamukkoya form the supporting cast. This is the last film of P. G.
 Henry Brougham Loch 1st Baron Loch GCB GCMG (23 May 1827 – 20 June 1900) was a Scottish soldier and colonial administrator.
 Howard Draw is a valley that heads in the extreme south of Reagan County Texas at an elevation of 2720 feet at 30°05′09″N 101°22′27″W and runs through Crockett County to its foot on the Pecos River in Val Verde County elevation 1575 feet.Howard Draw is also a stream or arroyo formerly known as Howard Creek it is an ephemeral stream within Howard Draw tributary to the Pecos River in Texas.The historical Howard Springs and an important waterhole on the San Antonio-El Paso Road were located in Howard Creek just above Government Canyon in Howard Draw.Howard Draw was 44 miles along the route the San Antonio-El Paso Road took northwestward to the Pecos River after it left the Head of Devil's River at Pecos Canyon crossing Johnson Draw Government Canyon to Howard Draw and Howard Springs. 
 Sălaj County monograph (Hungarian: Szilágy vármegye monográfiája) is a book edited by Petri Mór. All six volumes of the book were published in Budapest from 1901 to 1904. The monograph covers the main features of the history of Szilágy County.
 Nowy Świat [ˈnɔvɨ ˈɕfjat] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Wieluń and 90 km (56 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Sir Ernest Cooper Riddle (5 April 1873 – 28 February 1939) was an Australian banker who served as governor of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia then Australia's central bank from 1927 to 1938.
 Gagana (Kannada: ಗಗನ meaning Sky) is a 1989 Kannada movie starring Anant Nag and Kushboo.
 Eupithecia rosmarinata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in France and Spain.The larvae feed on Rosmarinus and Thymus species.
 Goldberg Magazine was a Spanish-based publication devoted to early music and Baroque music. The magazine was initially published in bilingual English/Spanish and English/French versions.
 The Canary Press is a quarterly short story literary magazine published in Melbourne (Australia). It was established in 2013 by Robert Skinner and Andy Josselyn in an elaborate attempt to avoid doing the dishes. The Canary Press publishes short stories and travel writing from Australia and abroad.Skinner believes that fiction is the quickest and most enjoyable way of getting to deeper truths. The Canary Press publishes work for new readers and emerging writers.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Clay County Arkansas United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 259 feet (79 m).
 Carabus sylvestris haberfelneri is a subspecies of beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Austria and Germany.
 Winter of Fire is a non-fiction book detailing the kidnapping of U.S. General James L. Dozier in Italy in 1981.
 Wild Fire is a 2006 novel by American author Nelson DeMille. It is the fourth of DeMille's novels to feature Detective John Corey now working as a contractor for the fictional FBI Anti-Terrorist Task Force in New York.The book follows Corey and his wife Kate Mayfield as they attempt to stop the Custer Hill Club members especially Bain Madox from nuking American cities in order to force the Wild Fire protocol to be initiated.
 Eugene J. Watts (October 17 1942 – November 11 2008) was a member of the Ohio Senate United Statesserving the 16th district. His district encompassed the western portions of Columbus Ohio. In 2000 he faced term limits and was succeeded by Priscilla D. Mead. He was a Professor Emeritus of History at The Ohio State University. He served in the Army during the Vietnam War and rose to the rank of captain and earned a bronze star.
 Crime by Night is a 1944 drama directed by William Clemens starring Jane Wyman and Jerome Cowan. It tells the story of Sam Campbell (Jerome Cowan) and his secretary (Jane Wyman) who take a vacation and uncover a murder.
 Machine Vision and Applications is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering image processing. It was established in 1988 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Mubarak Shah (University of Central Florida). According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.103.
 Cristino Seriche Bioko (born 1940?) was the prime minister of Equatorial Guinea from 15 August 1982 to 4 March 1992.
 Bäke is a river of Berlin and Brandenburg Germany.The river has been moved largely into the Teltow Canal which was constructed between 1900 and 1906.
 Forever My Lady is the debut studio album from American R&B group Jodeci released May 28 1991 on Uptown Records and distributed through MCA Records.Forever My Lady peaked at eighteen on the U.S. Billboard 200 and reached number one on the R&B Albums chart where it remained for three weeks.
 Victorian Corn Cribs are historic agricultural buildings at St. Michael's Talbot County Maryland. The two structures feature elaborate tracery along the eaves and bargeboards and are connected by a low rough shed. They were moved from their original site on the north side of U.S. Route 13 about two miles east of Westover in Somerset County to their present Talbot County site in June 1975.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Fortress is a 1992 science fiction film directed by Stuart Gordon and shot at Warner Brothers Movie World in Queensland Australia. The story takes place in a dystopian future. The main character in the movie John Henry Brennick (Christopher Lambert) and his wife Karen B. Brennick (Loryn Locklin) are sent to a maximum security prison because they are expecting a second child which is against strict one-child policies. It was followed by a sequel Fortress 2: Re-Entry in 1999.
 Martha Northam Schrader (born August 12 1953) is a Democratic American politician who is serving on the Board of Commissioners of Clackamas County Oregon. She has served in the Oregon Senate representing Oregon's 20th Senate district in southeastern Clackamas County including the cities of Barlow Canby Gladstone Johnson City Oregon City and portions of Milwaukie.
 Such a Gorgeous Kid Like Me (French: Une belle fille comme moi) also known as A Gorgeous Bird Like Me is a 1972 French film directed by François Truffaut starring Bernadette Lafont. It is based on Henry Farrell's 1967 novel of the same name.
 Novo Selo is a village in the municipality of Sokobanja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 56 people.
 The Wieseck is a river in Hesse Germany. It is a left tributary of the Lahn in the Vorderer Vogelsberg region. It rises in Saasen and after 24.3 kilometres flows into the Lahn at Giessen near the railway station. The Giessen suburb of Wieseck is named after the river.
 Aha Naa Pellanta is a 2011 Indian Telugu language comedy film written and directed by Veerabhadram . It stars Allari Naresh the son of famous director E. V. V. Satyanarayana and newcomer Ritu Barmecha in the lead roles. Brahmanandam plays an important role. The music is composed by Raghu Kunche. The film was released on 2 March 2011.The Movie completed 50 days in 48 centers across the state and 100 days in all main centers.
 Ana Paula Cristovão Lemos dos Santos (born October 17 1963) is the wife of current President of Angola José Eduardo dos Santos and First Lady of the South-West African state.Former fashion model and air hostess of the presidential Angolan aeroplane Ana Paula dos Santos knew her husband during the time in which she was working on presidential flights.
 Silknoose is a CD-album by Muslimgauze. The release was limited to 800 copies.
 Sunset Peak or Tai Tung Shan (Chinese: 大東山) is the third highest peak in Hong Kong. It is situated on Lantau Island within Lantau South Country Park and Lantau North Country Park and stands at a height of 869 metres (2851 ft) above the sea level. The second highest Lantau Peak is on the western part of the island.
 Poèmes is a 2012 album of French songs sung by operatic soprano Renée Fleming. Ravel's Shéhérazade (1903) and Messiaen's Poèmes pour mi (1936) are followed by two sets of songs by Henri Dutilleux. Deux Sonnets de Jean Cassou and Le temps l'horloge were composed for Fleming. It won the 2013 Grammy Award for Best Classical Vocal Solo.
 Conumber E:P is the first release by Tom Jenkinson under the alias Squarepusher. The album was pressed as a 12 vinyl the first release on the Spymania label.Conumber Eviscerate and Male Pill 5 were later released on the Squarepusher compilation Burningn'n Tree. Eviscerate (Version) also appears on the album in a truncated form.
 The North Cascades are a section of the Cascade Range of western North America. They span the border between the Canadian province of British Columbia and the U.S. state of Washington and are officially named in the U.S. as the Cascade Mountains.
 Hector Uribe (born January 17 1946 in Brownsville Texas) is a former Democratic member of the Texas Senate District 27 and a past candidate for Texas Land Commissioner. As a senator he worked to pass the Texas Enterprise Zone Act which is designed to create new jobs in economically impacted areas and the Protective Services for the Elderly Act which guards against abuse of senior citizens. He also worked to establish the University of Texas–Pan American.
 Morpho rhodopteron is a Neotropical butterfly known only from the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta in Colombia.With a wingspan of 7.5 cm (3 inch). It is the smallest species in the genus Morpho.
 RR (aka Railroad) is a 2008 film by American James Benning. Shot in 16 mm film as most of Benning's films are RR is another in Benning's series of American experimental landscape films; this one focusing on trains and their surrounding environs. In Railroad Benning explores themes of American consumerism and overconsumption in what Benning calls a collaboration with the trains themselves.The film is an exercise in minimalist restraint. Basically it is a series of static shots of trains.
 Marudhanaattu Ilavarasi is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran and V. N. Janaki in the lead roles and story and dialogues by M. Karunanidhi. The film was released in 1950.
 Clea fusca is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks most of which are marine.
 Surtningssue (or Surtningssui) is the seventh highest mountain in Norway. It lies in Jotunheimen on the border between the municipalities Lom and Vågå. Surtningssue has several distinct peaks of which Store Surtningssue is the highest.Surtningssue is most easily reached from the cabin Memurubu along the northern shore of Gjendin.
 Candy Rock is a 2003 album by the Japanese rock group Shonen Knife. It is one of their few albums not to be released in the United States. All of the songs are sung in Japanese.
 Kispáli is a village in Zala county Hungary.
 Chiqllarasu (Quechua chiqlla green Ancash Quechua rasu snow ice mountain with snow hispanicized spelling Chicllarazo) Portugueza or Portuguesa is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5167 metres (16952 ft) high. It is situated in the Ayacucho Region Cangallo Province Paras District. Chiqllarasu lies between the villages Patawasi (Patahuasi) in the northwest and Kichkawasi (Quichcahuasi) in the southeast.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت آباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād) is a village in Kharqan Rural District Bastam District Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 10 families.
 Aiako Harria in Basque or Peñas de Aya in Spanish is a massif east of the town of Oiartzun in the Basque Country. The river Oiartzun rises on its north-western face.The range is very popular with the inhabitants of the area. Other neighbouring towns are Irun on the north and Lesaka on the east. The massif comprises three summits extending 4-odd kilometres north to south in a row namely Irumugarrieta (806 m) Txurrumurru (821 m) and Erroilbide (837 m).
 Thaalikaatha Kaaliamman is a 2001 Tamil devotional film directed by R. Somasunder. The film features Prabhu Kausalya and Sanghavi in lead roles. The film was produced by P. Kannappan Yadav had musical score by Sirpy and was released on 16 February 2001.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 27 Pleasant Street in Brunswick Maine.It was built in 1845 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Providence Alaska Medical Center is Alaska's largest hospital has 371 beds 766 nurses and more than 500 physicians on staff. It is located at 3200 Providence Drive in Anchorage Alaska. In the last year with available data the hospital had 16358 admissions 69133 emergency room visits 5350 annual inpatient surgeries and 7770 outpatient surgeries.
 Corey Tochor is a Canadian politician who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in the 2011 election. He represents the electoral district of Saskatoon Eastview as a member of the Saskatchewan Party caucus.
 Curtain Call at Cactus Creek is a 1950 American film starring Donald O'Connor and Gale Storm. In the story a traveling entertainer (O'Connor) gets mixed up with bank robbers.
 Knieja [ˈkɲeja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Barcin 15 km (9 mi) east of Żnin and 29 km (18 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 158.
 Two Girls on Broadway is a 1940 musical film directed by S. Sylvan Simon and starring Lana Turner and Joan Blondell. The film is a remake of The Broadway Melody (1929).
 Les Bains Des Docks (The Bath by the docks) is an Aquatic Center in the city of Le Havre France. It was designed by award winning architectural firm Ateliers Jean Nouvel as part of an effort by Le Havre to revitalize its docks and warehouse district.
 The Lake Street Fire Station is an historic fire station at 2 Lake Street in Gardner Massachusetts. The 2.5 story Italianate brick building was built in 1884 and originally housed a school on the second floor which moved out in 1890. The station originally had four bays for firetrucks and a tower for drying hoses.
 Binky Brown Meets the Holy Virgin Mary is a 44-page autobiographical comic book from 1972 by American cartoonist Justin Green. It was the first long autobiographical work to appear in underground comics and was extremely personal detailing Green's childhood struggle with a disorder which in Catholicism is referred to as scrupulosity and was later diagnosed as obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).
 The Pompton River is a tributary of the Passaic River approximately 8 mi (13 km) long in northern New Jersey in the United States.It is formed south of the borough of Pompton Lakes by the confluence of the Ramapo and Pequannock rivers. It flows south passing between Lincoln Park and Pequannock Township (to the west) and Wayne (to the east). It enters the Passaic north of Fairfield.
 We The People is the debut album by the Washington D.C. group The Soul Searchers.
 'Tis Pity She's a Whore is a tragedy written by John Ford. It was likely first performed between 1629 and 1633 by Queen Henrietta's Men at the Cockpit Theatre. The play was first published in 1633 in a quarto printed by Nicholas Okes for the bookseller Richard Collins. Ford dedicated the play to John Mordaunt 1st Earl of Peterborough and Baron of Turvey.
 Ali Beygluy-e Sofla (Persian: علي بيگلوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Beyglūy-e Soflá; also known as ‘Alī Beyglū-ye Soflá and ‘Alībeyglū-ye Soflá) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 20 families.
 Latridopsis is a genus of trumpeters found in the southwestern Pacific Ocean and the southeastern Indian Ocean.
 Gavgol-e Qaleh (Persian: گاوگل قلعه‎ also Romanized as Gāvgol-e Qal‘eh; also known as Gāvkol Gāvkol-e Pā’īn and Gāvkol-e Soflá) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 199 in 45 families.
 Old Main constructed in 1907-1908 is a historic building at Minot State University-Bottineau a two-year college in Bottineau North Dakota. The building previously housed the North Dakota School of Forestry. The building is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 Four Seasons Hotel and Private Residences Denver is a 565 feet (172 m) tall skyscraper in Denver Colorado. It was completed in 2010 and has 45 stories and 766487 sq ft (71209 m2) of usable floor space. It is estimated to cost $350 million which would make it the most expensive privately owned building ever constructed in Denver.
 Silver Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington and descends to the northwest from near the summit of Mount Spickard. Silver Glacier descends from 8700 to 7200 ft (2700 to 2200 m) and Silver Lake lies .50 mi (0.80 km) below the current terminus of the glacier. The National Park Service is currently studying Silver Glacier as part of their glacier monitoring project.
 National Park Service Southwest Regional Office also known as National Park Service Region III Headquarters Building is an office building in Santa Fe New Mexico. Designed by NPS architect Cecil J.
 The Wollondilly River an Australian perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury–Nepean catchment is located in the Southern Tablelands and Southern Highlands regions of New South Wales. The river meanders from its western slopes near Crookwell flowing south-east through Goulburn turning north-east to near Bullio flowing north-west to Barrallier before finally heading north-easterly into its mouth at Lake Burragorang.
 Cadorela translucida is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. It is found in south-western Madagascar.The male of this species has a wingspan of 18mm head and front are clear brown palpae beiges fine and turned downwards. Antennae are dark-brown and largely pectinated. Thorax is brown-black abdomen brown-black on the upperside and brown-yellowish on the underside.The holotype of this species had been found East of Sakaraha in the Zombitse-Vohibasia National Park at 640m.
 The Ismaili Centre London is one of five such centres world-wide. Established in South Kensington more than a quarter of a century ago it is a religious social and cultural meeting place for the Ismaili Muslim community in the United Kingdom and is the first such centre to be specially designed and built for Ismailis in the Western world.
 La Repubblica (Italian pronunciation: [la reˈpubblika]) is a Italian daily general-interest newspaper. It was founded in 1976 in Rome by Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso led by Eugenio Scalfari and Carlo Caracciolo and Arnoldo Mondadori Editore. Born as a radical/socialist newspaper it has since moderated to a centre-left political stance.
 The Florida crowned snake (Tantilla relicta) is a species of colubrid snake native only to Florida.
 This article concerns the manga series. For the Latin phrase meaning and so forth see Et cetera. For further uses see Etcetera (disambiguation) or ETC.Et Cetera (えとせとら Etosetora) is an action adventure comedy manga written and illustrated by Tow Nakazaki (なかざき 冬 Nakazaki Tō). It is licensed in English by Tokyopop. The first volume was released on August 2004; the final volume was published in April 2007.
 A Guide to Love Loss & Desperation is the first album to be released in Britain by British indie band The Wombats. It was released on November 5 2007 on 14th Floor Records. There is also a DVD to accompany the album which includes footage of them at the South by Southwest festival along with music videos from the band's recent singles. The album was recorded at the Rockfield Studios. The album managed to reach #11 in the UK Albums Chart.
 This Hungry Life is the fourth solo album by Tanya Donelly released in 2006. The album was recorded live in front of an audience at a closed hotel in Bellows Falls Vermont in August 2004.
 Librantowa [libranˈtɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmiec within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Chełmiec 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Nowy Sącz and 74 km (46 mi) southeast of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1099.
 Sparodus is an extinct genus of microsaur within the family Gymnarthridae.
 Auto Raja (Kannada: ಆಟೋ ರಾಜ) is a 1980 Indian Kannada language film directed by Vijay. The film stars Shankar Nag and Gayathri in lead roles. It had Dwarakeesh Balakrishna and Leelavathi playing supporting roles. The music of the film was composed by Rajan-Nagendra.
 Just a Rolling Stone is the debut album by pop/R&B singer Donnie Klang it was released on September 2 2008 in the United States and Canada. The album debuted and peaked at number 19 on the Billboard 200. The album includes production from Channel 7 Mario Winans Tricky Stewart The-Dream Soul Diggaz; Diddy was the executive producer.
 Under Secretary for Economic Growth Energy and the Environment is an undersecretary position within the United States Department of State. The Under Secretary for Economic Growth Energy and the Environment serves as senior economic advisor at the State Department and advises the Secretary of State on international economic policy. The Under Secretary also leads the work of the Department on trade agriculture aviation and bilateral trade relations with America's economic partners.
 The Wood Harrier or Mime Harrier (Circus dossenus) is an extinct bird of prey which lived in Hawaii during the Holocene. This rather small species of harrier with short wings which inhabited the forests of Molokai and Oahu where it presumably hunted for small birds and insects.
 The Chong-Kemin River (Kyrgyz: Чоң-Кемин дарыясы) is a river in Kemin District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan. It is a right tributary of the Chu River in Boom Gorge.It has a length of 116 km with a basin area of 1890 km ².
 The Journal of Counseling & Development is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Counseling Association. The journal was established in 1921 as the National Vocational Guidance Bulletin. In 1924 the titled changed to Vocational Guidance Magazine and again to Occupations: The Vocational Guidance Journal.
 Municipal Building also known as Old Bluefield Municipal Building is a historic municipal building located at Bluefield Mercer County West Virginia. It was built in 1924 and is a two- to three-story steel and reinforced concrete Classical Revival-style building. It features a three-story high pedimented central pavilion with four engaged Ionic order columns.
 The Luama River is a tributary of the Lualaba River in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
 Corinne J. Wood (born May 28 1954) served as the 44th Lieutenant Governor of the US state of Illinois from 1999 to 2003. Graduating Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Illinois and Loyola University School of Law Wood was named general counsel to the Illinois Commissioner of Banks and Trusts.
 Acnodon is a genus of serrasalmids found in South America with three recognized species: Acnodon normani Gosline 1951 (sheep-pacu) Acnodon oligacanthus (J. P. Müller & Troschel 1844) Acnodon senai Jégu & dos Santos 1990↑
 Do Gerdan Khunsorkh (Persian: دوگردان خونسرخ‎ also Romanized as Do Gerdān Khūnsorkh; also known as Do Gerdān Dogerdān and Dowgerdān) is a village in Gachin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1581 in 337 families.
 The Boys (aka The Guys) is a drama/black comedy television film starring James Woods and John Lithgow. It was directed by Glenn Jordan who had previously worked with Woods on the 1986 TV movie Promise and would later work with Woods again in 1994 for the TV drama film Jane's House. The film first aired on September 15 1991 on the ABC Network.
 Małowidz [maˈwɔvit͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Jednorożec 24 km (15 mi) north of Przasnysz and 111 km (69 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Utetheisa antennata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Swinhoe in 1893. It is found on the Nicobar Islands.
 St. George is a Roman Catholic church in Bridgeport Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 The William H. Holcomb House also known by Carl Vandre House is located in the Ogle County Illinois city of Rochelle. An elegant Italianate structure the Holcomb House has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1973.
 Audioslave is the eponymous debut studio album by the American rock supergroup Audioslave and was released on November 19 2002 (see 2002 in music). It features the hit singles Cochise Show Me How to Live What You Are Like a Stone and I Am the Highway. The record was certified triple platinum in the US. Like a Stone was nominated for the 2004 Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance.
 Necessary Illusions: Thought Control in Democratic Societies is a 1989 book by United States academic Noam Chomsky concerning political power using propaganda to distort and distract from major issues to maintain confusion and complicity preventing real democracy from becoming effective.
 First Presbyterian Church of Maumee Chapel (also known as First Presbyterian Church of Maumee) is a historic church at 200 E. Broadway in Maumee Ohio. It is the oldest church building in Northwest Ohio.The Greek Revival church building was constructed in 1837 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Dos Patos River (Ivaí River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Alien Arsenal is a science fiction movie released in 1999 directed by David DeCoteau. It is a loose remake of an earlier Charles Band production Laserblast.
 Jamal Kandi (Persian: جمال كندي‎ also Romanized as Jamāl Kandī) is a village in Avajiq-e Shomali Rural District Dashtaki District Chaldoran County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 15 families.
 You & I is the 2008 debut album from Auckland pop-rock band Cut Off Your Hands. It was released in 2009 in the US. It was recorded with well-known indie producer Bernard Butler.
 Mahboob Zahedi (2 February 1929 - 8 April 2006) was an Indian politician who represented the Katwa (Lok Sabha constituency) in West Bengal from 1996 till his death in 2006. A former soldier of Indian National Army he had fought British forces under the leadership of Shahnawaz Khan.
 L'Orient-Le Jour meaning The Orient-The Day is a leading French language daily newspaper in Lebanon.
 The Elk Fork is a tributary of Point Pleasant Creek 14.8 miles (23.8 km) long in northwestern West Virginia in the United States. Via Point Pleasant Creek Middle Island Creek and the Ohio River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 21.1 square miles (55 km2) in a rural region on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.The Elk Fork's entire course and watershed are in Tyler County.
 Walking Down is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green recorded in 1956 and released on the Prestige label.
 Szaleniec [ʂaˈlɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Pole within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Stare Pole 16 km (10 mi) east of Malbork and 55 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 103.
 Lewis and Harriet Hayden House was the home of African-American abolitionists who had escaped from slavery in Kentucky; it is located in Beacon Hill Boston. They maintained the home as a stop on the Underground Railroad and the Haydens were visited by Harriet Beecher Stowe as research for her book Uncle Tom's Cabin (1852).
 Pankaj Choudhary (born 1 January 1958) is an Indian politician. He stood for the 2004 Lok Sabha elections on the BJP ticket and won the elections.In 2009 he also contested the general elections on the very BJP ticket but lost to the congress candidate Harsbardhan from Maharajganj.
 Jerusalem Commands is a novel by Michael Moorcock. It is the third in the Pyat Quartet tetralogy.
 Appropriate Behavior is an American comedy film which premiered on January 18 2014 at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival.
 The Sitna River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania. The Suliţa dam is located on the Sitna River.
 The Curve of the Earth is an album by Canadian band Attack in Black released on November 13 2007. The album was released on one thousand 12 vinyl records and was also available for digital download. The album was released on the indie label Dine Alone Records alongside their EP Northern Towns.
 Ulidia facialis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ulidia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Dubrave (Cyrillic: Дубраве) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pterotopteryx monticola is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It was described by Zagulajev in 1992. It is found in Russia.
 Vukkala Rajeswaramma (born July 10 1948) is an Indian politician and a Member of Parliament elected from the Nellore constituency in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh being a Telugu Desam Party candidate.
 De tre måske fire is a 1939 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.
 Price's Post Office or the Price House is a house built ca. 1800 in Spartanburg County South Carolina. Its name in the USGS Geographic Names Information System is Prices Post Office. It is located at the intersection of Oak View Farm Road (South Carolina State Highway 42-200) Old Switzer Road (South Carolina State Highway 42-199) and Price House Road (South Carolina State Highway 42-86). It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on October 28 1969.
 Sandy Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario. The Severn River flows through the lake. Sandy Lake First Nation community is located near the lake.
 Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors (Russian: Королевство Кривых Зеркал translit. Korolevstvo krivykh zerkal) is a 2007 Russian fairy tale musical film directed by Alexander Igudin based on the novel Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors by Vitali Gubarev. It was different and adapted from the 1963 film Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors.
 Eoin O'Duffy (Irish: Eoin Ó Dubhthaigh; 30 October 1892 – 30 November 1944) was an Irish political activist soldier and police commissioner best known for his advocacy of fascism.O'Duffy was the leader of the Monaghan Brigade of the Irish Republican Army (IRA) during the successful Irish War of Independence and in this capacity became Chief of Staff of the IRA in 1922.
 The New York – New Jersey Highlands is a geological formation composed primarily of Precambrian igneous and metamorphic rock running from the Delaware River near Musconetcong Mountain northeast through the Skylands Region of New Jersey along the Bearfort Ridge and the Ramapo Mountains Sterling Forest Harriman and Bear Mountain State Parks in New York to the Hudson River at Storm King Mountain.
 The Hour of the Gate (1984) is a fantasy novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book follows the continuing adventures of Jonathan Thomas Meriweather who is transported from our world into a land of talking animals and magic. It is the second book in the Spellsinger series.
 Wimmen's Comix later titled Wimmin's Comix was an influential all-female underground comics anthology published from 1972 to 1992. Though it covered a wide range of genre and subject matter Wimmen's Comix focused more than other anthologies of the time on feminist concerns homosexuality sex and politics in general and autobiographical comics.
 Push is the 1996 debut novel of American author Sapphire. Thirteen years after its release it was made into Precious: Based on the Novel Push by Sapphire a film that won two Academy Awards and was produced by Oprah Winfrey and Tyler Perry.
 Asovia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Technopolis (Gazi) is an industrial museum and a major cultural venue of the City of Athens Greece in the neighborhood of Gazi next to Keramikos and very close to the Acropolis. It is dedicated to the memory of the great Greek composer Manos Hatzidakis which is why it is also known as Gazi Technopolis Manos Hatzidakis. It has been in operation since 1999 and is situated in the city's former gasworks which were founded in 1857 occupying an area of about 30.000 m2.
 The Chestnut-winged Cinclodes (Cinclodes albidiventris) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is found in Colombia Venezuela Ecuador and Peru. It was formerly considered a subspecies of the Bar-winged Cinclodes.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and grassland.
 Vike Church (Norwegian: Vike kyrkje) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Vikanes along the Romarheimsfjorden. The church is part of the Vike parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1891 by the architect Johannes Øvsthus. The church seats about 200 people.
 The African Security Review is the quarterly journal of the Institute for Security Studies (ISS). It provides a regular forum for the dissemination of research findings and information through the publication of research reports policy papers and articles on security and related issues in sub-Saharan Africa. The journal was previously published as the African Defence Review (1994) and the Southern African Defence Review (1992–1993).
 The Puerto Rican Tody is a tody endemic to Puerto Rico island. Despite is scientific name Todus mexicanus it is endemic to Puerto Rico. It is commonly known locally as San Pedrito (Little Saint Peter).
 Mõisaküla Salme Parish is a village in Salme Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Tavaq (Persian: طوق‎ also Romanized as Ţavaq) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2026 in 415 families.
 Forty Thousand Horsemen (aka 40000 Horsemen) is a 1940 Australian war film directed by Charles Chauvel. The film tells the story of the Australian Light Horse cavalry which operated in the desert at the Sinai and Palestine Campaign during World War I. It follows the adventures of three rowdy heroes in fighting and romance. The film culminates at the Battle of Beersheba which is reputedly the last successful cavalry charge in history.
 Rail Professional is a monthly UK magazine covering the business side of rail transport in Great Britain. Published by Rail Professional Ltd the magazine is available free of charge to managers of UK train operating companies and Network Rail or by subscription to non-qualifying readers.The magazine was launched soon after privatisation with the aim of creating a forum for managers to communicate across the industry and stay abreast of developments in other companies.
 By the Sword known in Japan as You (妖 -you-) is a Japanese manga series created by Sanami Matoh who is also the creator of Fake.
 Mont Mallet (3989 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in Haute-Savoie France.
 Cryptomyelois glaucobasis is a species of snout moths in the genus Cryptomyelois. It is found in Australia.
 The Blind Owl (1937) (Persian: بوف کور‎ Boof-e koor) is Sadegh Hedayat's most enduring work of prose and a major literary work of 20th century Iran. Written in Persian it tells the story of an unnamed pen case painter the narrator who sees in his macabre feverish nightmares that the presence of death annihilates all that is imaginary.
 Kruševo is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
 William Bill Kettner (November 20 1864–November 11 1930) was a former US Democratic politician from San Diego California. He served four terms in Congress from 1913 through 1921 and is credited with bringing many U.S. Navy facilities to San Diego.
 Newell Hall is a historic site in Gainesville Florida United States. It is located in the northeastern section of the University of Florida. On June 27 1979 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 World of the Dead: The Zombie Diaries 2 is a 2011 British horror film written by Kevin Gates. The film is a sequel to The Zombie Diaries.The film received a limited cinema release in the UK followed by a DVD released on June 27. The film was released at US cinemas on September 2 2011. The leads are played by Alix Wilton Regan Philip Brodie and Vicky Aracio.
 St Cynhaearn's Church Ynyscynhaearn is a redundant church standing in an isolated position on a former island in Llyn (Lake) Ystumllyn 900 metres (980 yd) south of the village of Pentrefelin Gwynedd Wales. It is designated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building. The church is approached from the village by an ancient causeway and is in the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 Qatar Aghaj (Persian: قطاراغاج‎ also Romanized as Qaţār Āghāj) is a village in Dezhkord Rural District Sedeh District Eqlid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 29 families.
 The Pastra (Greek: Πάστρα) is a mountain in West Attica Greece near the border with Boeotia. It is the eastern extension of the Kithaironas mountain range. Its highest peak named Petrogeraki (Πετρογεράκι) is 1016 m high. The nearby peak Kourtiza (Κούρτιζα) is 1015 m high. Its morphology is defined by steep slopes and four deep gorges on the northeast side. Its flora consists of brushwood holm oaks pine trees and arbutus. Its fauna includes hares foxes blackbirds and partridges.
 The Ararandeua River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Ćićina (Serbian: Ћићина) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 238 people.
 Bahrain Royal Medical Services (also known as Bahrain Defense Force Hospital) is one of the major hospitals in the Kingdom of Bahrain and the only hospital where free health care is provided exclusively for non-civilians in the country.
 Lucky Partners is a 1940 American comedy romance drama film directed by Lewis Milestone for RKO Radio Pictures. The film is based on the 1936 Sacha Guitry story Bonne Chance and stars Ronald Colman and Ginger Rogers marking their only film together and Rogers' eleventh and final film written by Allan Scott.
 Asaphocrita deae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Singles 1968–1971 is a box set compilation of singles by The Rolling Stones spanning the years 1968 to 1971.
 Fort McKavett State Historic Site is located in Menard County Texas United States. Fort McKavett was a frontier fort established as Camp on the San Saba in 1852 to protect settlers from Indian raids.
 Hydra is the sixth studio album by the Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation. It was released on January 31 2014 in Europe and on February 4 2014 in North America. The album contains guest appearances by metalcore singer Howard Jones (ex-Killswitch Engage) rapper Xzibit classical-crossover/symphonic metal vocalist Tarja Turunen (ex-Nightwish) and alternative rock singer Dave Pirner (Soul Asylum).
 The Lakeview Tithing Office also known as the Bunnell Creamery is a historic building located in Provo Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Zębowo [zɛmˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Obrowo and 22 km (14 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 621.
 Scutellastra cochlear is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Patellidae one of the families of true limpets. It is commonly known as the snail patella the pear limpet or the spoon limpet and is native to South Africa. It often grows in association with the crustose coralline alga Spongites yendoi and a filamentous red alga which it cultivates in a garden. It was first described by the malacologist Ignaz von Born in 1778 as Patella cochlear.
 Kristen Dexter (July 20 1961) is a Democratic Party politician and former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who represented the 68th Assembly District from 2009 to 2011. She succeeded long-time incumbent Representative Terry Moulton. In 2010 she ran for re-election but was defeated by her challenger Chippewa County Clerk Kathy Bernier.Dexter was elected to the Altoona Wisconsin Board of Education in 2002 and served for six years.
 My Friend Flicka is a 1941 novel by Mary O'Hara about Ken McLaughlin the son of a Wyoming rancher and his horse Flicka. It was the first in a trilogy followed by Thunderhead (1943) and Green Grass of Wyoming (1946). The popular 1943 film version featured young Roddy McDowall. It was followed by film adaptations of the other two novels Thunderhead Son of Flicka in 1945 and Green Grass of Wyoming in 1948.
 Breaking the Surface: The Greg Louganis Story is a 1997 TV-movie about diver Greg Louganis based on the best-selling book Breaking the Surface co-written by Greg Louganis and Eric Marcus that stayed on top of the New York Times Best Seller list for 5 weeks.
 The Power that Preserves is the final book of the first trilogy of The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant fantasy series written by Stephen R. Donaldson. It is followed by The Wounded Land which begins the second trilogy.
 Treason Keep is a fantasy novel written by Australian author Jennifer Fallon. It is the second in a trilogy titled the Demon Child. On the brink of death R'shiel is taken to the Harshini haven of Sanctuary where crucial decisions are being made.
 The Rio Grande (Jujuy) is a river of Argentina.
 General Theophilus Yakubu Danjuma GCON FSS psc (Rtd) (born 9 December 1938) is a Nigerian Jukun soldier politician and multi-millionaire businessman. He was Nigerian Army Chief of Army Staff from July 1975 to October 1979. He was also Minister of Defence under Olusegun Obasanjo. Danjuma is chairman of South Atlantic Petroleum (SAPETRO).
 Peterstone Priory a house of Augustinian Canons was a priory in Burnham Overy Norfolk England. It was founded before 1200 and incorporated 1449.
 Period -the Best Selection- is a compilation album released by Luna Sea on December 23 2000 prior to their Final Act concerts. All tracks were remastered from their original versions and tracks 11-13 & 15 were re-recorded just for this release. The album reached number one on the Oricon chart.
 Hypoprepia cadaverosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strecker in 1878. It is found in Colorado. Utah South Carolina South Dakota Arizona New Mexico and Texas.The wingspan is about 24 mm. The forewings are pale ochreous with three slate coloured bands. The hindwings are also ochreous but somewhat paler. The costal margin is slate coloured. Adults are on wing from May to August.
 Pasin Darreh (Persian: پسيندره‎ also Romanized as Pasīn Darreh; also known as Pasandār and Pasandara) is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 26 families.
 The Graben River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 The Ogeechee River is a 294-mile-long (473 km) blackwater river in the U.S. state of Georgia. It heads at the confluence of its North and South Forks about 2.5 miles (4.0 km) south-southwest of Crawfordville and flowing generally southeast to Ossabaw Sound about 16 miles (26 km) south of Savannah. Its largest tributary is the Canoochee River which drains approximately 1400 square miles and is the only other major river in the basin.
 Taranis rhytismeis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Being at Home with Claude is a 1992 Canadian drama film directed by Jean Beaudin and based on the play by René-Daniel Dubois.The film stars Roy Dupuis as Yves a gay man who has just murdered his lover Claude (Jean-François Pichette) and is attempting to explain his reasons to the police investigator (Jacques Godin).At the 13th Genie Awards the film was nominated for Best Motion Picture and Godin was nominated for Best Actor.
 Loch Insh is a loch in Highlands region Scotland.It is situated in the heart of Badenoch and Strathspey seven miles south of Aviemore and seven miles north of Kingussie. The loch is a location for sailing and kayaking/canoeing. There is a well stocked watersports centre on the southeast side of the loch and good fishing also. The watersports centre is complemented by several Chalets and a small hotel by the name of Insh Hall.
 Techno Animal Versus Reality is a remix album by the Illbient band Techno Animal released on March 30 1998 through City Slang.
 Mieczysławka [mjɛt͡ʂɨˈswafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Lubartów and 20 km (12 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 200.
 The Bilingual Lover (Spanish: El Amante Bilingüe) is a 1993 Spanish film written and directed by Vicente Aranda adapted from a novel by Juan Marsé. It stars Imanol Arias Ornella Muti and Loles León. The film is a grotesque drama with some elements of comedy. Set in Barcelona El Amante Bilingüe takes an ironic approach to Catalonian linguistic policies nationalism and eroticism with a pattern of double identity.
 The Rère (French: la Rère) is a 53.3 km (33.1 mi) long river in the Cher and Loir-et-Cher département central France. Its source is at Presly. It flows generally west. It is a left tributary of the Sauldre into which it flows at Villeherviers.
 Osędowice [ɔsɛndɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daszyna within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Daszyna 13 km (8 mi) north of Łęczyca and 46 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Harvard Civil Rights-Civil Liberties Law Review is a student-run law review published by Harvard Law School. The journal is published two times per year and contains articles essays and book reviews concerning civil rights and liberties. In 2009 its online companion Amicus was launched which features standard length journal articles coupled with online responses.
 Cornelis de Graeff (23 August 1671 Amsterdam – 16 February 1719 Ilpendam) was a member of the family De Graeff a prominent regent family from the Dutch Golden Age.His parents were Pieter de Graeff and Jacoba Bicker his younger brother was Johan de Graeff the Lord of the semisouverain Lordship Zuid-Polsbroek. Cornelis never married.Cornelis de Graeff was a Canon of St. Pieter at Utrecht. Most of the time he resided at his castle Ilpenstein.
 Acrobasis glaucella is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 19–23 mm. Adults are on wing from June to August.The larva feed on various oak species.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist built in 1907 is an historic Christian Science church edifice located at 1443–1451 North Prospect Avenue in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was designed in the Classical Revival style by noted Chicago architect Solon Spencer Beman who designed at least a dozen other Christian Science churches across the country. On March 8 1989 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Ab Torsh (Persian: اب ترش‎ also Romanized as Āb Torsh) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Perfectly Dirty is the debut EP released by Nana Kitade's band The Teenage Kissers. The EP's first single Ghost Bitch was released physically February 20 2013 and digitally June 16 2013. The song Violent Lips was used in a commercial for the EP which appeared on MTV Japan starting September 17 2013. A music video for the song Black Skinny Bird directed by Ryoji Aoki debuted on MTV Japan on September 19th 2013.
 Rolling Vengeance is a 1987 exploitation film directed by Steven Hilliard Stern and starring Don Michael Paul and Ned Beatty. The movie follows a truck driver that builds a special eight-ton truck to help get revenge against the rednecks who killed his family and raped his girlfriend. The film script's initial premise centered around a young boy that created special monster trucks in order to eliminate drunk drivers.
 Kitchell Park is a park which is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places. The park is in the city of Pana Illinois located in Christian County. A 40-acre (160000 m2) facility Kitchell is one of the city's main parks. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District Firuzabad District Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 480 in 105 families.
 Mount Ortobene (Orthobene in the local dialect) is a mountain in the province of Nuoro in central Sardinia Italy close to the town of Nuoro.There are two main parks: Sedda Ortai and Il Redentore. At the feet of the mountain is a nuraghe archaeological area including the Domus de janas tombs. On the mountain's top is the bronze Statue of Christ the Redeemer by Vincenzo Jerace (1901).
 Saint Saviour's is the Church of England parish church for the village of Branston south of Burton upon Trent. It is part of the Diocese of Lichfield.The church was built in 1864 designed by the architect Vincent Cook.The church building was originally single-celled with a bell turret at its western end.
 Ñawinqucha (Quechua ñawi button hole / eye -n a suffix qucha lake hispanicized spelling Ñahuincocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Huancayo Province Chongos Alto District. It is situated at a height of about 4592 metres (15066 ft) about 2.25 km long and 0.64 km at its widest point. Ñawinqucha lies south-east of the lake Yuraqqucha and north-east of the lake Aqchiqucha.
 Kangaroo is a 1952 American Technicolor film directed by Lewis Milestone. It is also known as The Australian Story (American subtitle). The first Technicolor movie filmed on-location in Australia. Strong winds on location forced Milestone to re-dub much of the exterior dialogue.Kangaroo was remade in Africa as The Jackals in 1967.
 Outside Mullingar is a play by John Patrick Shanley which ran on Broadway in 2014.
 Pain fitzJohn (sometimes Payn fitzJohn Payn FitzJohn or Pagan fitzJohn; died 1137) was an Anglo-Norman nobleman and administrator one of King Henry I of England's new men who owed their positions and wealth to the king. Pain's family originated in Normandy but there is little to suggest that he had many ties there and he appears to have spent most of his career in England and the Welsh Marches.
 Acrotomia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Wedding Maidens (Chinese: Chujia nu) is a 1990 Chinese drama film directed by Jin Wang. It was entered into the 17th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Special Silver St. George.
 Paseo San Pedro is a small high-fashion shopping mall in Monterrey Mexico located in San Pedro Garza García in the intersection of Avenida Gómez Morín Avenida José Vasconcelos and Calzada del Valle in front of Los Tubos. The mall takes its name from the municipality it resides in.
 The Izvorul Băilor River is a tributary of the Valea Colbului River in Romania.
 Pneumophionyssus aristoterisi is a species of mite placed in its own family Pneumophionyssidae in the order Mesostigmata.
 The Skills Dat Pay da Bills was Positive K's debut album which was released November 3 1992. With I Got a Man making waves on the radio he was doing underground compilation appearances guest spots on other hip-hop artists' albums and worked with emcee Big Daddy Kane on the single (Nightshift) which led to his album. Despite reviews calling the album more than a fluke hit it lacked perseverance on the album charts leading him to become a one-hit wonder.
 Dubica Górna [duˈbʲit͡sa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Wisznice 29 km (18 mi) south of Biała Podlaska and 74 km (46 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 The Bride Wore Black (French: La Mariée était en noir) is a 1968 French film directed by François Truffaut and based on the novel of the same name by William Irish a pseudonym for Cornell Woolrich. It stars Jeanne Moreau Charles Denner Alexandra Stewart Michel Bouquet Michael Lonsdale Claude Rich and Jean-Claude Brialy.It is a revenge film in which a widowed woman hunts down the five men who killed her husband on her wedding day.
 I Love New Year is an Indian romantic comedy film directed by Radhika Rao and Vinay Sapru starring Sunny Deol and Kangana Ranaut. The film is produced by Bhushan Kumar and Krishan Kumar under the banner of Super Cassettes Industries Ltd. The planned release date of the film is December 30 2013. The film is extensively shot in Mumbai New York City and Bangkok.
 Amaxia violacea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Reich in 1933. It is found in Peru.
 The Bond at Brickell is a proposed 323 unit residential skyscraper to be built at 1080 Brickell Avenue. The 1080 Brickell site is located near the Tenth Street Metromover station and the Brickell Metrorail station. 1080 Brickell would be located behind the existing 1110 Brickell office building and would actually have frontage on Southeast 1st Avenue not Brickell Avenue.
 Arap Mosque (Turkish: Arap Camii literally Arab Mosque) is a mosque in the Karaköy (historically Galata) quarter of Istanbul Turkey. The building was originally a Roman Catholic church erected in 1325 by the friars of the Dominican Order near or above an earlier chapel dedicated to Saint Paul (Italian: San Paolo) in 1233.
 Maleczewo [malɛˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] (German: Malleczewen (1938-45:Maletten)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Ełk and 120 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 John Bruce Jack Coghill (born September 24 1925 in Fairbanks Alaska) was the eighth lieutenant governor of Alaska serving from 1990 to 1994 under Governor Walter Hickel. Both were members of the Alaskan Independence Party. Originally elected as the Republican Party's lieutenant governor nominee in 1990 Coghill had faced serious compatibility issues with running mate Arliss Sturgulewski.
 Climate Capitalism: Capitalism in the Age of Climate Change is a 2011 book by L. Hunter Lovins and Boyd Cohen. It presents positive stories and examples of how profit-seeking companies are helping to save the planet and says that the best way to rebuild America’s economy cities and job markets is to invest in energy efficiency and renewable energy resources whether climate change is happening or not.
 Explorers of the New Century is the fifth novel by Booker shortlisted author Magnus Mills published in 2005.
 Loch Muick is a 2-mile long freshwater loch in Aberdeenshire Scotland. It is fed from the west by the Allt an dubh Loch which flows down from Dubh Loch. The outflow is the source of the River Muick. A hiking path around the loch exists and is accessible from a carpark at Spittal of Glen Muick at the northeastern end of the loch.
 The Großer Zschirnstein (561.74 m (1843.0 ft)) is the highest hill in the Saxon and German part of the Elbe Sandstone Mountains.
 Otodus is an extinct mackerel shark which lived during the Paleocene and Eocene epochs approximately 60 to 45 million years ago.
 The Vărfurașu River is a tributary of the Crăciunu River in Romania.
 Cophixalus zweifeli is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.The species was named to honour American herpetologist Richard G. Zweifel.
 There's Beauty in the Purity of Sadness is the second album by industrial metal band Red Harvest. It was released through Voices of Wonder in 1994.
 Triactis is a genus of sea anemone in the family Aliciidae. It is monotypic having only one species – Triactis producta. This is found in shallow waters in the Indo-Pacific where it lives on the seabed rocks and corals. It derives much of its energy needs from the symbiotic algae it contains. It also forms a mutualistic relationship with small Lybia crabs.
 John David Podesta (born January 8 1949) was the fourth and final White House Chief of Staff under President Bill Clinton from 1998 until 2001. He is the former president and now Chair and Counselor of the Center for American Progress a liberal think tank in Washington D.C. and is also a Visiting Professor of Law at the Georgetown University Law Center. Podesta was a co-chairman of the Obama-Biden Transition Project.
 Gamvik Church (Norwegian: Gamvik kirke) is a parish church in Gamvik Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Gamvik. The church is part of the Gamvik parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
 April Catherine Glaspie (born April 26 1942) is a former American diplomat and senior member of the Foreign Service best known for her role in the events leading up to the Persian Gulf War of 1991.
 Elfinwild Pennsylvania is an unincorporated village in Allegheny County Pennsylvania. It is part of Hampton and Shaler Township. Pine Creek runs through it.
 Vrapče is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 58 people.
 Hoseynabad-e Navvab (Persian: حسين ابادنواب‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Navvāb) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 12 families.
 Early Computer Works is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was only available with a limited edition version of Scene.
 The Răchita River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Trunk Music is the fifth novel by American crime author Michael Connelly and the fifth featuring the Los Angeles detective Hieronymus Harry Bosch.
 Čukljenik is a village situated in Niška Banja municipality in Serbia.
 Currency Wars (simplified Chinese: 货币战争; traditional Chinese: 貨幣戰爭; pinyin: Huòbì zhànzhēng) by Song Hongbing also known as The Currency War is a bestseller in China reportedly selling over 200000 copies in addition to an estimated 400000 pirated copies in circulation and is reportedly being read by many senior level government and business leaders in China.
 The Conoco-Phillips Building is a 22-story 90.2 m (296 ft) office building completed in 1983 at 700 G Street in downtown Anchorage Alaska. It is the tallest building in state and with the nearby Robert B. Atwood Building predominantly defines the center of the skyline of the city.The actual building is more of a complex composed of the atrium connecting with a smaller office tower.
 Together We're Heavy is the second release from Dallas symphonic rock group The Polyphonic Spree. Produced by Eric Drew Feldman and released in Japan on June 30 2004 Europe on July 12 and North America on July 13. It includes the hit singles Hold Me Now and Two Thousand Places. The album was released by Hollywood Records and represents the band's first true album (their previous release The Beginning Stages of...
 Francisco Guterres popularly known as Lú-Olo (born September 7 1954 in Ossu) is the President of the Revolutionary Front for an Independent East Timor (FRETILIN). He was also President of the National Parliament of East Timor from 2002 to 2007. As the FRETILIN candidate he ran for the presidency of the country in the 2007 presidential election but was defeated in the second round.Guterres has described himself as “the son of a poor family of humble people”.
 Krombach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Garra fasciacauda is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.
 Samsaaram Aarogyathinu Haanikaram (English: Speaking is injurious to health) is a 2014 Malayalam romantic comedy film directed by Balaji Mohan. The film stars Dulquer Salman and Nazriya Nazim in lead roles. Sean Roldan scores the music Soundararajan is the cameraman and Abhinav Sunder Nayak is on the edit. The film was simultaneously made in Tamil with the same lead actors under the title Vaayai Moodi Pesavum and both versions were released on 25 April 2014 to positive reviews.
 Macroleter is an extinct genus of reptile which existed in Oklahoma and Russia during the upper Permian period. It was a quite generalized primitive reptile in many ways resembling their amphibian ancestors. It was first named by paleontologists Tverdochlebova and Ivachnenko in 1984. According to classification by Michel Laurin and Robert R. Reisz the genus is a pararetile belonging to the same branch as Millerettidae Procolophonidae and other generalized anapsid reptiles.
 Child of the Dark Prophecy is the first novel in The Great Tree of Avalon trilogy by T. A. Barron. It is set in a world made up of a great tree and its seven roots inhabited by creatures.
 Rainbow Magic is a children's fiction brand owned by HIT Entertainment and best known for the children's books published by Orchard Books. The books are ghostwritten by a number of authors under the collective pseudonym Daisy Meadows and illustrated by Georgie Ripper in some books and uncredited illustrators in the latest books.
 Dwight Clinton Jones (born February 3 1948) is the Mayor of Richmond Virginia. He was inaugurated on January 1 2009. A member of the Democratic Party he is also a Baptist minister. Jones was born in Philadelphia and moved to Richmond after attending Virginia Union University. He is currently senior pastor of the First Baptist Church of South Richmond.Jones' inauguration was held on January 10 2009.
 Lee's Creek Covered Bridge is a historic wooden bridge on Lee's Creek Road 0.1 miles (0.16 km) south of Kentucky Route 8 near Dover Kentucky. It is 61 feet (19 m) long with a double set of Queen post trusses on each side.It was built in 1835 as a toll bridge and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. Major renovations were completed in 1926 by the Bower Bridge Company and in 1966 by the Kentucky Highway Department.
 Thylacoptila is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Meyrick in 1885.
 Barbara is the fourth studio album and fifth overall album by indie rock band We Are Scientists released (digitally and physically) in the UK on June 14 2010. The release was supported by lead single Rules Don't Stop released on April 5 2010 and Nice Guys released June 7 2010. Following the band's split from EMI/Virgin in November 2009 the record was released by PIAS Recordings in the United Kingdom.
 The Păpușa River is a tributary of the Romanu River in Romania.
 No Dough Boys is the 82nd short subject starring the slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Hamoudi Mosque is a mosque in Djibouti City Djibouti.
 Reconstruction is the psychological romantic drama film and the debut of Christoffer Boe who also wrote the screenplay together with Mogens Rukov. It was filmed in Copenhagen and won the Camera D’Or at the Cannes Film Festival in 2003 Golden Plaque for Manuel Alberto Claro's luminous wide-screen cinematography.
 Confession of a Murderer (German: Beichte eines Mörders) is a 1936 novel by the Austrian writer Joseph Roth. It has the subtitle Told in One Night (Erzählt in einer Nacht). The narrative focuses on an exile Russian Golubchik who tells what he claims to be his life's story to an alcoholic writer.
 Kemp's Hotel is a historic inn and tavern building located at Maxatawny Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1795 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular limestone building. A two-story four bay western addition and one-story rear wing was built in 1852. The building has a slate covered gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The pig frog (Rana grylio) is a species of aquatic frog found in the Southeastern United States from South Carolina to Texas. Some sources also refer to it as the lagoon frog or the southern bullfrog.
 What Starts Ends is a 1992 album by the British band Rubicon.
 Lucifer is an album by Danish neofolk act :Of the Wand & the Moon:. It was released on November 4 2003 through Euphonious Records.
 Jamali (Persian: جمالي‎ also Romanized as Jamālī; also known as Jamādī) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 7 families.
 Hate Campaign is the fifth album by Dismember.
 Bokermannohyla itapoty is a species of frog in the Hylidae family. It is endemic to Brazil.
 My Princess Boy is an American picture book written by Cheryl Kilodavis and illustrated by Suzanne DeSimone. Kilodavis first self-published the book in 2009 via KD Talent of Seattle. On 21 December of the following year Simon & Schuster published a new edition on their Aladdin imprint.Kilodavis wrote the book about her son Dyson and their family. Dyson's self-expression does not conform to stereotypical gender roles.
 Edgbaston House is a highrise commercial building in on Duchess Place Birmingham. It was built by Laing Development Co Ltd. and the consulting engineers were Ove Arup. Construction cost £1720000. It was the result of work by Calthorpe Estates to attract businesses to the Hagley Road and Five Ways by promoting the construction of office blocks there. It is part of the Duchess Place estate which consists of office blocks totalling 200000 sq ft (19000 m2).
 Conus dictator is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Vadakkumnadhan (Malayalam: വടക്കുംനാഥന്‍) is a 2006 Malayalam drama film directed by Shajoon Kariyal written by Gireesh Puthenchery starring Mohanlal Padmapriya and Kavya Madhavan in the lead roles. The film is an unusual love story shot mostly in the scenic foothills of the Himalayas. This film was a critical and commercial success and turned out to be a hit.
 Kayacılar Bartın is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 191 people.
 The Groundsman is a BAFTA winning short graduation film produced by the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland. Written & Directed by Jonny Blair Starring David O'Hara.
 Glen Tonche is an American estate atop Mount Tonche in Ulster County near Shokan New York.The estate's house was built in 1928 as the summer family compound of American businessman Raymond Pitcairn whose family founded PPG Industries.
 The Gen. William Mitchell House also known as Boxwood or the Gen. Billy Mitchell House was the home of Billy Mitchell during the last ten years of his life from 1926 through 1936. Mitchell was an American general who is regarded as the father of the U.S. Air Force. He was regarded as one of the most famous and most controversial figures in American airpower history.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.It is located about .5 mile south of Middleburg on Virginia Route 626.
 The Texas Trail Stone Corral near Imperial Nebraska was built in 1874 and is a rare surviving artifact of cattle drives along the Texas Trail. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and as a Nebraska historic resource NeHBS no. CH00-041.The site has two surviving walls of a c. 1876 dry stone corral. It is on a property that was once a 640-acre ranch property.
 Hambaeksan is a mountain between the county of Jeongseon and the city of Taebaek Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1573 m (5161 ft).
 Holy Trinity Catholic Church in Shreveport Louisiana was built in 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Composed arranged and recorded by Paul Giovanni and Magnet The Wicker Man soundtrack contains folk songs performed by characters in the film (including some by members of the cast). For example Lesley Mackie who plays the character of Daisy in the film sings the opening song and various others in the CD Soundtrack.
 The Valea Jurii River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Spitfire and the Troubleshooters (renamed to Spitfire with issue #8 and to Codename: Spitfire with issue #10) was a short-lived comic book series from Marvel Comics' New Universe line.
 Sępolno Wielkie [sɛmˈpɔlnɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Biały Bór 27 km (17 mi) north of Szczecinek and 156 km (97 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 360.
 Shadow of the Scorpion is a novel by Neal Asher published by the Macmillan Publishers imprint Tor Books in 2008. The novel introduces Ian Cormac and is therefore a prequel. The novel skips between Cormac's first mission for the ECS (Earth Central Security) and his upbringing as a child.
 The Croydon Canal ran 9.25 miles (15 km) from Croydon via Forest Hill to the Grand Surrey Canal at New Cross in south London England. It opened in 1809 and closed in 1836 the first canal to be abandoned by an Act of Parliament.
 Black Kiss is a hardboiled erotic American comic book limited series written and drawn by Howard Chaykin which was originally published in 1988 by Vortex Comics.
 Il voto is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Bonnard.
 Juhan (Johann) Kukk VR III/1 (13 April [O.S. 1 April] 1885 in Käru Salla Parish (now in Rakke Parish) Viru County Estonia – 4 December 1942 in Kargopol Arkhangelsk Oblast Soviet Union) was an Estonian politician.Kukk finished the Tartu High School of Sciences studied in the Commerce Department of the Riga Polytechnical School in 1904-1910 and got additional education in Germany graduated with the diploma of first degree.In 1917-1918 Kukk was Head of the Financial Dept.
 Gaj-Grzmięca [ˈɡai̯ ˈɡʐmjɛnt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Zbiczno 11 km (7 mi) north of Brodnica and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of Toruń.The village has a population of 110.
 A Small Good ThingA Small Good Thing Bocephus King's second album was released by New West Records in 1998. The album was marketed as country.Sure argues Perry there's a smattering of that within A Small Good Thing but not enough to ghettoize him within that one genre. It got great reviews says Perry [but] it got stuffed into places it didn't belong.
 Immaan Dharam (faith in Urdu and Hindi respectively) is a 1977 Hindi film. Written by Javed Akhtar produced by Premji it is directed by Desh Mukherjee. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Shashi Kapoor Sanjeev Kumar and Rekha. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.The film was a disaster at box office.This is a story about two guys who act as mock witnesses and always hang around court to give evidence as per the requirement of the case every time.
 Logan is a three-issue comic book mini-series starring Wolverine and published under the Marvel Knights imprint of Marvel Comics. The series was written by Brian K. Vaughan penciled and inked by Eduardo Risso and colored by Dean White.
 Marmarita (Arabic: مرمريتا‎ Classical Syriac: ܡܪܡܪܝܬܐ Marmarītā) is a Greek Orthodox Christian village located in northwestern Syria. Marmarita is one of the largest villages in Wadi al-Nasarah (Valley of the Christians) a region north of Talkalakh. It is also a popular summer destination and tourist attraction in Syria. The village has been part of the Homs Governorate since 1953; prior to that it was part of the Latakia Governorate.
 Guitarist is a monthly music making magazine published by Future plc in the United Kingdom. The magazine features reviews of newly released guitars amplifiers and other equipment plus interviews with guitar players features on the guitar industry news articles and features on playing technique that are accompanied by tablature.
 Rajupalem is a village and a mandal in Guntur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh India.
 Men Are from Mars Women Are from Venus is a book written by an American author and relationship counselor John Gray.It has sold more than 50 million copies and according to CNN it was the highest ranked work of non-fiction of the 1990s and spent 121 weeks on the bestseller list.
 The Three Mothers (Le Tre madri in Italian) is a trilogy of supernatural horror films by Italian film director Dario Argento. It consists of Suspiria Inferno and The Mother of Tears.
 Metarctia pulverea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1907. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo Rwanda and Uganda.
 The Dogs of Riga (Swedish: Hundarna i Riga) is a Swedish detective mystery by Henning Mankell set in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is the second book of the Kurt Wallander series and was translated into English by Laurie Thompson.
 Derostenoides is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Loud is an album by the rock group Half Japanese first released on the Armageddon label in 1981.The album was the band's first release since the line up was expanded with four new members (two saxophone players a guitarist and a drummer) and contains elements of free jazz. The album includes a cover version of The Doors' The Spy.It was reissued on compact disc in 2004 on Drag City together with the Horrible EP as Loud and Horrible.
 Sarımsaklı is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Choreutis piepersiana is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Snellen in 1885. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Charles Anderson (June 1 1814 – September 2 1895) was first a Whig and later a Republican politician from Ohio. He served briefly as the 27th Governor of Ohio.
 Zitha is a genus of snout moths.
 Father Malachy's Miracle is a 1931 novel by the Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 Alfonso Gómez Méndez (born 19 August 1949) is the 9th Minister of Justice and Law of Colombia.Alfonso was born on 19 August 1949 in Chaparral Tolima. He attended Universidad Externado de Colombia where he graduated in Law in 1971.On 9 March 1989 the Senate of Colombia elected Gómez to succeed Horacio Serpa Uribe as Inspector General of Colombia. Gómez who at the time was serving as Chamber Representative was nominated by President Virgilio Barco Vargas.
 St Andrew's Church Cranford is a redundant Anglican church in Cranford St Andrew Northamptonshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in the park of Cranford Hall to the southwest of the house.
 Thansing is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5951 people living in 1020 individual households.
 A Winter Haunting is a 2002 horror novel by American writer Dan Simmons. It was nominated for the Locus Award for Best Fantasy novel in 2003.
 Wyrandy [vɨˈrandɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Purda and 15 km (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Fer Mamla Gadbad Gadbad (Punjabi: ਫੇਰ ਮਾਮਲਾ ਗੜਬੜ ਗੜਬੜ) is a Punjabi film scheduled for release. The film is to be released on 12 July 2013 starring Roshan Prince Japji Khera and Bhanu Sri Mehra.‘FMGG’ is a romantic-comedy story revolving around an aspiring actor ‘Jassi’ (Roshan Prince) who dreams of making a movie and launch himself as a ‘hero’.
 Allophanopsis emarginata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Allophanopsis.
 Lá Nua (meaning 'New Day') was an Irish language daily newspaper based in Belfast. It was the first daily newspaper in Ireland to be published in Irish. Lá Nua belonged to the Belfast Media Group and was sister paper of The Andersonstown News.Established in the 1980s it developed from a broadsheet format to a European tabloid size. With a print circulation of a few thousand and an active website Lá Nua catered for the Irish language community throughout the island and abroad.
 The John Davis House in Fayetteville North Carolina was built in 1870. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Pinaglahuan (literally the point or place where someone or something disappeared or fading point) is a Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Faustino S. Aguilar. Aguilar completed the manuscript on 25 September 1906. The novel was published by Manila Filateco in Manila Philippines in 1907. The novel was written during the American period in Philippine history (1898-1946).
 Pagellus erythrinus or the common pandora is a fish of the Sparidae family (sea bream). It is a popular food fish in Mediterranean countries with delicate white flesh. It has a slim oval fusiform body with a smallish mouth and scales covering its face. The eyes are smaller than those of Pagellus bogaraveo and Pagellus acarne. It is silver in colour with a pink tinge particularly on its back.
 Ab Khizuiyeh (Persian: ابخيزوييه‎ also Romanized as Āb Khīzūīyeh and Ābkhīzūeeyeh) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 11 in 4 families.
 Song For Josia (released 2014 in Oslo Norway by Øra Fonogram – OF034) is the second solo album by the saxophonist Hanna Paulsberg as «Hanna Paulsberg Concept».
 Scabricola vicdani is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Der Roiter Emes (Yiddish: דער רויטער אמת 'The Red Truth') was a Yiddish-language newspaper published from Riga Latvia. The first issue was published on January 13 1919. It was an organ of the Communist Party of Latvia. It was published three times per week. The newspaper featured frequent attacks on the bourgeoisie and the Jewish religious establishment. It ceased publication when the Bolshevik forces lost control of Riga on May 22 1919.
 An InCONvenient Truth is the third album by the Norwegian urban music duo Madcon. It was released in December 2008. It peaked at number 8 on the Norwegian Albums Chart.
 Mount Piratokomi (ピラトコミ山 piratokomi-san) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. On the Geographical Survey Institute map the mountain is mislabeled Mount Piratomi (ピラトミ山 piratomi-san).
 Holly Hall is a historic home located at Elkton Cecil County Maryland. Built by James Sewall ca. 1810-20 it is a 2 1⁄2-story Federal-style brick mansion built about 1810. The one-story brick north wing was added as a chapel in the 20th century. Also on the property ia a late-19th-century two-story wood tenant house and two concrete block buildings. A few holly trees remain of the many which gave this house its name. Its parapets are unique in Maryland.
 Kisschasy: The Movie is Kisschasy's first ever official DVD release. Kisschasy: The Movie follows Aussie band Kisschasy as they hit the road for their largest and longest tour to date. This tour covered 37 shows in only six weeks. The movie documents the entire tour from the first morning they wake up til the last person standing at the home-coming party.
 Under Plum Lake is a children's adventure novel by Lionel Davidson first published in 1980.
 Petersburg City Hall is a historic city hall building located at Petersburg Virginia. It was designed by architect Ammi B. Young and built between 1856 and 1859 as the U.S. Customs House and Post Office. It is a three-story three bay by eight bay Italian Renaissance Revival style brick building faced in granite. It measures 46 feet wide and 100 feet deep and was expanded to its present size in 1908-1910.
 Parret is a village in the Commune of Baldushk Tirana District Tirana County western Albania.
 Little Red is the second studio album by British singer Katy B. It was released on 7 February 2014 by Rinse Columbia Records and Sony Music. The album includes the singles 5 AM and Crying for No Reason. The album peaked at number one on the UK Albums Chart making it her first number-one album in the United Kingdom.
 Zuniga is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).
 Homoeosoma caradjellum is a species of snout moths in the genus Homoeosoma. It was described by Roesler in 1965. It is found in the Russian Far East.
 Maotianshania cylindrica is an extinct worm-like creature of average size (up to 4 centimetres or 1.6 inches long and 2 millimetres or 0.079 inches wide). It occurs in the Lower Cambrian (Atdabanian) Chengjiang biota of Northeastern Yunnan China. It is usually preserved as pink impression. The gut is a dark central zone. The anterior pharyx and collar carry tiny sepia-colored teeth. The very back-end of the body has two small hooks.
 Robert Wyse Jackson (12 July 1908 - 21 October 1976) was an eminent Irish Bishop and author during the mid 20th century.Educated at Trinity College Dublin he qualified as a barrister but was then ordained in 1934. He began his career as Curate of St James' Church Broughton Salford after which he was Curate-in-charge of Corbally and then Rector of St Michael’s Limerick from 1940 to 1943.
 Walanae River is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia.
 The Weißwandspitze (Italian: Parete Bianca; German: Weißwandspitze) is a mountain in the Stubai Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Błędziszki [bwɛnˈd͡ʑiʂki] (German: Blindischken from 1938-45 Wildwinkel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
 Axiopoeniella laymerisa is a species of moth in the family Arctiidae. It is found on Madagascar.
 Darreh Sefid (Persian: دره سفيد‎ also Romanized as Darreh Sefīd) is a village in Banesh Rural District Beyza District Sepidan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 217 in 40 families.
 Chew is an American comic book series about a U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) agent who solves crimes by receiving psychic impressions from comestibles including people. It is written by John Layman with art by Rob Guillory and published by Image Comics. The series won an Eisner Award.
 Joseph L. Joe Paskvan (born May 19 1952) is an attorney and a Democratic member of the Alaska Senate. He has represented the residents of District E which includes the entire city limits of Fairbanks and several neighborhoods just outside since 2009.Joe Paskvan was born in Fairbanks Alaska where he has lived his entire life save for a several year period during law school. He graduated from Monroe High School in 1970.
 The Other Side... Demos and Rarities is the second compilation extended play by UK-based pop act Shakespears Sister released in May 2013 exclusively through the newly re-opened digital store on the act's official website.. The seven-track EP consists of demos remixes and previously never-heard unreleased songs.
 The Fairmont San Jose is an 805-room high-rise hotel at 170 South Market Street in San José California facing the water fountain in Plaza de César Chávez.There is a swimming pool and associated deck on rooftop with a specially designed windscreen to create a microclimate designed to be acceptable for sunbathing and swimming.
 Pržine (Cyrillic: Пржине) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Spoiler is an American action Sci-Fi film that takes place in New York in the far future.
 Neotamandua is an extinct genus of anteaters that lived in the Miocene to Pliocene in South America. Their fossils have been found in the La Venta fauna of Colombia and the Pliocene Araucano Formation in Argentina. Its closest living relatives are the giant anteater (Myrmecophaga tridactyla) and tamanduas (genus Tamandua). The species Neotamandua borealis was suggested to be an ancestor of the giant anteater.
 Santo vs. las Mujeres Vampiro (also known as Samson vs. the Vampire Women) is a 1962 horror film starring the wrestling superhero Santo. The film was featured on a 1995 episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000. The film was also featured on the television show Cinema Insomnia.
 <red>Luha ng Buwaya or Crocodile's Tear in translation is a 1983 novel written by Palanca Awardee and Filipino novelist Amado V. Hernandez. It consists of 53 chapters. The story is about poor farmers uniting against the greedy desires of the prominent family of the Grandes. In Filipino idioms crocodiles were used to symbolize those people who are corrupt. The buwaya (crocodile) in the title refers to the Grandes family who were greedy for money.
 National Lampoon's Animal House Book was an American humor book that was published in 1978 by National Lampoon magazine. The book was an illustrated novel based on the hit movie National Lampoon's Animal House. The cover illustration was the illustration for the movie poster which was by Rick Meyerowitz. The novel was put together by Chris Miller and it was published by Twenty First Century Publications Book Division.The book was re-issued in 2007.
 Stigmella pyrivora is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is endemic to Cyprus.The larvae feed on Pyrus syriaca. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine resembles the mine of Stigmella paradoxa.
 Vanja Udovičić (born Franjo Udovičić Serbian Cyrillic: Вања Удовичић pronounced [ʋâɲa udɔ̌ʋit͡ʃit͡ɕ]; born 12 September 1982) is a retired Serbian water polo player currently performing the role of cabinet minister in the Serbian government under prime minister Aleksandar Vučić and deputy prime minister Ivica Dačić.During an illustrious professional water polo career that spanned 15 seasons Udovičić played for Partizan Belgrade Jadran Herceg Novi Posillipo Naples Pro Recco Mladost Zagreb and Radnički Kragujevac. 
 The Oxford University Museum of Natural History sometimes known simply as the Oxford University Museum is a museum displaying many of the University of Oxford's natural history specimens located on Parks Road in Oxford England. It also contains a lecture theatre which is used by the University's chemistry zoology and mathematics departments. The University Museum provides the only access into the adjoining Pitt Rivers Museum.
 The Pluton-Dolhești River or Dolhești River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 Doctor Thrill (スリル博士 Suriru Hakase) is a manga series written and illustrated by Osamu Tezuka published in Shogakukan's Shōnen Sunday from April 5 1959 to September 6 of the same year.
 Evidence is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Canadea and released on the Canadian Dark Light Music label.
 Black River Academy is a historic academy on High Street in the village of Ludlow in Vermont.Black River Academy was chartered in Ludlow in 1835 and operated as a school serving as the Town of Ludlow's public high school until 1938 when a new school was built. The original academy building burned early in the school's history and the school operated in a church for 44 years until a new school building was built in 1888. Notable alumni of the Black River Academy include U.S.
 The Highwood River is a tributary of the Bow River in southwestern Alberta Canada.
 Snow Hill is a manor house located south of Laurel Maryland off Maryland Route 197 in Prince George's County. Built between 1799 and 1801 the one-and-a-half-story brick house is rectangular with a gambrel roof interior end chimneys and shed dormers. It has a center entrance with transom and a small gabled porch. A central hall plan was used with an elaborate interior and corner cupboards. The original south wing was removed and rebuilt and the home restored.
 ParaNorman is a 2012 American 3D stop-motion animated comedy horror family film produced by Laika distributed by Focus Features and was released on August 17 2012. The voice cast includes Casey Affleck Tempestt Bledsoe Jeff Garlin John Goodman Bernard Hill Anna Kendrick Leslie Mann Christopher Mintz-Plasse Kodi Smit-McPhee Jodelle Ferland Elaine Stritch and Tucker Albrizzi.
 What a Feelin' is the second album by American singer-songwriter Irene Cara and her most successful album to date. Released in November 1983 this album is dominated by dance-pop and Euro disco songs produced by the legendary producer Giorgio Moroder unlike her R&B-heavy debut. Many of the songs were co-written by Cara herself. The album includes the major hit singles Dream (Hold On to Your Dream) (U.S. #37) Flashdance... What a Feelin' (her only #1 hit in the U.S.) Why Me? (U.S.
 Shireh Choqa (Persian: شيره چقا‎ also Romanized as Shīreh Choqā and Shīreh Cheqā) is a village in Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District in the Central District of Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 22 families.
 Behavioral Ecology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Society for Behavioral Ecology. The journal was established in 1990.
 Khumbila or Khumbu Yül-Lha roughly translated as God of Khumbu is one of the high Himalayan peaks in the Khumbu region of Eastern Nepal within the boundaries of Sagarmatha National Park. Considered too sacred to be climbed by most local Sherpa people the mountain is considered home to the patron God of the local area.
 Silhouette is the fifth studio album by saxophonist Kenny G. It was released by Arista Records in 1988 and reached number 1 on the Contemporary Jazz Albums chart number 8 on the Billboard 200 and number 10 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. April 2011 11xplatinumsold 25 million internationally
 Playlist: The Very Best of Suicidal Tendencies is a best-of compilation album released on Sony Legacy featuring a collection of Suicidal Tendencies' music with the label (as such material from their first two albums and post-1993 releases are not included; however their 1994 album Suicidal for Life was a Sony release).
 Roots Revolution is the independent-label debut album from Canadian CCM band Newworldson. The album won the 2007 Gospel Music Association Canada Covenant Award for Folk/Roots Album Of The Year. The accompanying DVD received a 2007 GMAC nomination for DVD Of The Year. Roots Revolution was also nominated as the Contemporary Christian/Gospel Album Of The Year at the Juno Awards of 2008.The lyrics and music were written by Joel Parisien.
 Onmyouji 2 (陰陽師II) is a 2003 Japanese jidaigeki film directed by Yojiro Takita.
 Vaset (Persian: واسط‎ also Romanized as Vāseţ) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District Jolgeh Rokh District Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 16 families.
 Go West (a.k.a. The Marx Brothers Go West) is the 10th Marx Brothers comedy film in which brothers Groucho Chico and Harpo head to the American West and attempt to unite a couple by ensuring that an evil railroad baron is thwarted. The scene is set in Dead Man's Gulch. Groucho is S. Quentin Quale Chico is Joe Panello and Harpo is Rusty Panello. It was directed by Edward Buzzell and written by Irving Brecher who receives the original screenplay credit.
 Carderock Springs Historic District is a national historic district located at Bethesda Montgomery County Maryland. The district encompasses 275 modernist houses located northwest of Bethesda. It was developed between 1962 and 1966 and was planned to take full advantage of the existing landscape and topography with curvilinear streets and cul-de-sacs serving wooded sloping lots.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Jakupica (Macedonian: About this sound Јакупица ) or Mokra is a mountain range in the central part of the Republic of Macedonia. Its highest peak is Solunska Glava 2540 m (8333 ft). Other significant peaks are: Karadzica (2473 m) Popovo Brdo (2380 m) Ostar Breg (2365 m) Ubava (2353 m) Ostar Vrv (2275 m) and Dautica (2178 m). The relief is criss-crossed by numerous clear and fast mountain rivers. Large areas are covered with beech oak and conifer forests.
 The Montlake Cut is the easternmost section of the Lake Washington Ship Canal which passes through the city of Seattle linking Lake Washington to Puget Sound. It is approximately 2500 feet (760 m) long and 350 feet (110 m) wide. The center channel is 100 feet (30 m) wide and 30 feet (9.1 m) deep.The Cut provides a connection between Union Bay part of Lake Washington to the east and Portage Bay an arm of Lake Union to the west.
 Conan the Usurper is a 1967 collection of four fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. Most of the stories originally appeared in the fantasy magazine Weird Tales in the 1930s. The book has been reprinted a number of times since by various publishers and has also been translated into German Spanish Italian Swedish and Dutch.
 The Café A Brasileira (The Brazilian Cafe) is one of the oldest and most famous cafés in the old quarter of Lisbon in the civil parish of Sacramento. Located at 120 Rua Garrett at one end of the Largo do Chiado (Chiado Square) in the district of the same name near the Baixa-Chiado metro stop and close to the University ensuring its café and terrace are never empty.
 Cry to Heaven is a historical novel by American author Anne Rice published by Alfred A. Knopf in 1982. Taking place in eighteenth-century Italy it follows the paths of two unlikely collaborators: a Venetian noble and a maestro from Calabria both trying to succeed in the world of the opera.
 Shadows Linger is the second novel in Glen Cook's ongoing series The Black Company. The series combines elements of epic fantasy and dark fantasy as it follows an elite mercenary unit The Black Company through roughly forty years of its approximately four hundred year history.
 Chintapalli (Telugu: చింతపల్లి) is a Village and Gram panchayat in Pusapatirega mandal of Vizianagaram district Andhra Pradesh India.It is located about 12 kilometers from the mandal headquarters Pusapatirega and about 25 kilometers from Vizianagaram city.
 Larinus sibiricus is a species of true weevil found in Eastern Europe and the Middle East.The weevil feeds on Xeranthemum annuum (Asteraceae). Females lay eggs on the flowerheads and larvae undergo development inside the flower heads. The species' larvae apparently are parasatized by Bracon urinator (Hymenoptera: Braconidae).
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Vilas County Wisconsin USA. Its surface area is 81 acres (33 ha) at an elevation of 1663 feet (507 m). The lake is close to the Michigan border.
 All Quiet on the Orient Express is the second novel by Booker shortlisted author Magnus Mills published in 1999. As with his first novel it is a tragi-comedy with an unnamed narrator dealing with apparently simple but increasingly sinister situations.
 The Ounuora River is a river of the Coromandel Peninsula in the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally east from the Coromandel Range reaching the Whitianga Harbour close to the small settlement of Mill Creek five kilometres southwest of Whitianga.
 The Rica River is a tributary of the Cormoș River in Romania.
 Mount Karasuba (烏場山 Karasuba-yama) is a mountain of modest height on the border of thecities Minamibōsō and Kamogawa in Chiba Prefecture Japan reaching an elevation of 266.6 m (875 ft). It is one of themountains of the Mineoka Mountain District of the Bōsō Hill Range. The kanji for Mount Karasuba 烏 and 場 mean 'crow' and 'place' respectively. The mountain became a popular hiking destination after the construction of a hiking trail in 1975.
 St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Roman Catholic church building located at 14608 Macleod Trail in the Midnapore neighbourhood in Calgary Alberta Canada. It was built in 1904 by local crafstmen on land donated by Patrick Glenn son of John Glenn and a member of one of Calgary's pioneer farm families. Its steep pitched roof and lancet windows are typical of Carpenter Gothic churches. St. Patrick's was served by noted missionary priest Fr.
 First Blood is a compilation album by the Danish industrial band Psychopomps. It features some of the bands best work as well as earlier recorded version of some songs.
 The Olive-winged Bulbul (Pycnonotus plumosus) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Burma the Philippines Singapore Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. The Ashy-fronted Bulbul was previously considered a subspecies.
 Hermeuptychia intricata is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It has been recorded from the coastal plains of the eastern United States and is currently documented from Texas Louisiana Florida and South Carolina.The length of the forewings is 16.5 mm.
 Seeley Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built about 1890 and is a 2 1⁄2-story side-gable-roofed wood frame dwelling on a raised basement with clapboard aluminum and asbestos siding. There is a sizable 2-story rear wing. It features a large open verandah with two sizable cure porches on top.
 Q & A is a novel by Vikas Swarup an Indian diplomat. Published in 2005 it was the author's first novel. Set in India it tells the story of Ram Mohammad Thomas a young waiter who becomes the biggest quiz show winner in history only to be sent to jail on accusations (but with no evidence) that he cheated. In 2008 the book was adapted into the multiple Oscar-winning movie Slumdog Millionaire.
 Alicia Sánchez-Camacho Pérez (born 22 April 1966) is a Spanish lawyer and politician. She has served as the President of the People's Party in Catalonia since 6 July 2008.Sánchez-Camacho was elected as a deputy for the Province of Girona in the Catalonian parliamentary elections of 1999 and 2003. She was also elected as the Deputy for Barcelona Province in the Spanish general election of 2004.
 Harvey House also known as the Coin Harvey House is a historic home located at Huntington Cabell County West Virginia. It was built in 1874 and is a two story dwelling reminiscent of houses in New Orleans. It features stained glass windows a cast iron mantel and a beamed ceiling in the dining room. It is most notable as the home of William Hope Coin Harvey (1851 – 1936).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Admetula garrardi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Smartbomb: The Quest for Art Entertainment and Big Bucks in the Videogame Revolution is a book written by journalists Heather Chaplin and Aaron Ruby. It was published on November 4 2005 by Algonquin Books. It is the authors' first book and the work of five years of research.The last chapter chronicles how the PlayStation 2 threatened Microsoft with upcoming multimedia and personal computer appliances promised in the post-PC era.
 Bezd (Persian: بزد‎; also known as Bezg and Bīzak) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2821 in 663 families.
 Philiolaus is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Music of the Spheres is an album by English musician Mike Oldfield released in the United Kingdom on 17 March 2008. The album Oldfield's second album with Mercury Records and his first classical work is based on the concept of a celestial Musica universalis. The album features New Zealand soprano Hayley Westenra (on On My Heart) and Chinese pianist Lang Lang on six tracks.Music of the Spheres was nominated for a Classical Brit Award in 2009.
 The Prince and the Pauper is a lost 1915 silent film adventure based on the novel by Mark Twain and starring Marguerite Clark. The film was produced by the Famous Players Film Company and was directed by Edwin S. Porter and Hugh Ford.
 The Siliștea is a tributary of the Țibrin River in Romania.
 Wulfbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Seventh Day (第七天 dì qī tiān) is the third Mandarin-language album by Beijing rock band Thin Man. It was released in December 2008 on Fanren Records (凡人唱片).
 The Obbia Lark (Spizocorys obbiensis) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family. Endemic to Somalia its natural habitat is sub-tropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Luxiaria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Isaac M. Wise Temple (formerly the Plum Street Temple) is the historic synagogue erected for Rabbi Isaac Mayer Wise. Rabbi Wise was the founder of American Reform Judaism. The temple building was designed by prominent Cincinnati architect James Keys Wilson. Its design was inspired by the Alhambra at Granada.The temple is located at 720 Plum Street in Cincinnati Ohio and was built by members of the Lodge Street Synagogue. It was built chiefly during the Civil War at a cost of $275000.
 Khaneqah-e Olya (Persian: خانقاه عليا‎ also Romanized as Khāneqāh-e ‘Olyā and Khānqāh-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 950 in 264 families.
 Jyoti Pandya is current and 24th Mayor of Vadodara and a senior Bhartiya Janata Party politician.
 The Great Pursuit is a 1977 comic novel by Tom Sharpe. It is a satire encompassing commercialism in publishing and literary criticism.
 Francis A. Yindra (January 17 1906 – July 7 1972) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
 Eudendrium ramosum is a marine species of cnidaria a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
 Brian's Winter also known as Hatchet: Winter is a 1996 young adult novel by Gary Paulsen. It is the third novel in the Hatchet series but second in terms of chronology as an alternate ending sequel to Hatchet.It was also released as Hatchet: Winter by Pan Macmillan on February 9 1996.
 Colour Temple is the first studio album by progressive metal band Vanden Plas released in late 1994 through Limb Music and in June 1995 through Dream Circle Records; a two-disc edition was reissued in 2002 through Inside Out Music which included the band's 1996 acoustic EP AcCult.
 Mont Tondu is a mountain of Savoie and Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Mont Blanc Massif range. It has an elevation of 3196 metres above sea level.
 Rogha: The Best of Clannad is the fourth greatest hits album released by Irish group Clannad. The word rogha is the Irish word for choice; it's pronounced row-ah (row as in an argument).
 The Poeh Museum (Tewa translates poeh to mean pathway) is a museum in Pojoaque New Mexico U.S.A. The museum is located off U.S. Route 84. It is devoted to the arts and culture of the Puebloan peoples especially the Tewas in the northern part of the state. It was founded by Pojoaque Pueblo in 1987 and is housed in the Poeh Center. The museum organizes changing exhibitions and is a large repository of permanent artifacts and programs.
 Symphony Soldier is the second studio album by American rock band The Cab. It was released on August 23 2011 as the follow-up to their first album Whisper War in 2008.The album's first single Bad was released to iTunes on July 11 2011 and was announced by the band on July 18; a music video was later released.
 Towers of Midnight by Robert Jordan and Brandon Sanderson is the sequel to the novel The Gathering Storm and the 13th book in the Wheel of Time series.The novel is the second part of A Memory of Light Robert Jordan's projected final book. Because of the amount of material to cover it was agreed by Jordan's wife Tor Books and Brandon Sanderson to break the final book into three separate books.
 James McClurg (1746 – July 9 1823) was a delegate to the Philadelphia Convention and the 17th mayor of Richmond Virginia. McClurg's lifelong friendship with Thomas Jefferson dated from their school days.
 The Aftermath is a collection of songs released following the 'aftermath' of the Thing a Week project by comedy rock musician Jonathan Coulton. The project was originally intended to be Coulton's eighth studio album. After he was convinced to start recording in a professional studio by John Flansburgh however Coulton decided to scrap this project and start anew for his next album which later became Artificial Heart.
 Nowhere to Here is the sixth studio album by Blue Rodeo.A more electric rock album than the band's 1993 outing Five Days in July the album was not as well received by critics and fans as its predecessor.[citation needed] It is generally viewed as one of the band's lesser albums[citation needed] although Side of the Road and Better Off As We Are were notable singles.Sarah McLachlan appears as a guest musician.
 Pleasants House is a historic home located at Amagansett in Suffolk County New York. It was built in the late 1860s and is a two story frame residence with a three bay central block side and rear wings gable roofs and front porches.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Interpreter of Maladies is a book collection of nine short stories by Indian American author Jhumpa Lahiri published in 1999. It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award in the year 2000 and has sold over 15 million copies worldwide.
 Ricky is a 2009 French fantasy film directed by François Ozon about a human baby who develops a set of functional wings and how the parents cope with the child's abnormality.
 Mall St.Vincent 32.477225°N 93.75305°W﻿ / 32.477225; -93.75305 is an enclosed shopping mall located at the intersection of Interstate 49 and Kings Highway in Shreveport Louisiana. It is owned and managed by Rouse Properties one of the largest mall owners in the United States. The mall features two major anchors Dillard's and Sears and 55 specialty shops.
 Soul Circus is a 2003 crime novel by George Pelecanos. It is set in Washington DC and focuses on private investigators Derek Strange and Terry Quinn. It is the third novel to involve the characters following Right as Rain (2001) and Hell to Pay (2002).
 Qasemabad-e Sarui (Persian: قاسم ابادساروئي‎ also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Sārū’ī; also known as Qāsemābād Sārū’ Sārū’ī and Sārū’īyeh) is a village in Naqsh-e Rostam Rural District in the Central District of Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1953 in 462 families.
 Gudowo [ɡuˈdɔvɔ] (German: Baumgarten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Sand Land (Japanese: サンドランド Hepburn: Sando Rando) is a short manga series written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama. It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine during the summer of 2000 and collected into one tankōbon volume on November 2 2000 by Shueisha.Sand Land was serialized in North America by Viz Media in their English Shonen Jump magazine in 2003. It was later released in one graphic novel on December 24 2003.
 Aethotaxis mitopteryx the Longfin icedevil is a species of cod icefish native to the Southern Ocean where it can be found at depths down to 850 metres (2790 ft). This species grows to a length of 42 centimetres (17 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Ptychochromis is a genus of cichlids endemic to rivers and lakes in Madagascar. One species (P. grandidieri) can also be seen in brackish water. Most species in this genus are threatened and P. onilahy is probably extinct. Most reach a length of 12–15 cm (4.7–5.9 in) but P. grandidieri reaches about 21.5 centimetres (8.5 in).
 Fort Jefferson was a fortification erected by soldiers of the United States Army during the Northwest Indian War. Built to support a military campaign it saw several years of active fighting. Today the fort site is a historic site.
 Psilogramma salomonis is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Solomon Islands.
 Salehabad-e Sofla (Persian: صالح ابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Şaleḩābād-e Soflá; also known as Şaleḩābād) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 4 families.
 Cophixalus sphagnicola is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
 Love Explosion is Tina Turner's fourth solo album released in March 1979 on the EMI label in the UK Ariola Records in West Germany and United Artists in the United States. It was her second solo album to be released after she left husband Ike Turner and the Ike & Tina Turner Revue. The album features heavy influences of funk and disco.
 The Napa Valley Register is a daily newspaper located in Napa California. The paper began publication on August 10 1863. By 1864 the newspaper had dropped “Valley” from its name becoming simply the Napa Register until returning to the original name over a century later.The current editor is Michael Donnelly. The Napa Valley Register is published by Napa Valley Publishing which also publishes the St.
 A Small Town in Germany is a 1968 espionage novel by British author John le Carré. It is set in Bonn the small town of the title against a background of concern that former Nazis were returning to positions of power in West Germany.
 Rock'n'roll Etiquette is the fifth studio album by the Japanese rock band Guitar Wolf. It was released in Japan in February 2000 then in the U.S. on October 19 2004. The U.S. version of the album includes the extra track The Way I Walk and has been remastered by band leader Seiji (Guitar Wolf).
 Green City Presbyterian Church is a historic church at One East Street in Green City Missouri.It was built in 1918 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Dil Ki Baazi is an Indian film directed by Anil Ganguly and released in 1993. It stars Akshay Kumar Ayesha Jhulka and Avinash Wadhavan.
 The 21er Haus or Einundzwanziger Haus (English: House 21) is a modernist style steel and glass building designed by Austrian architect Karl Schwanzer (1918–1975). Originally constructed as the Austrian pavilion or temporary showroom for the Expo 58 in Brussels it was later transferred to Vienna to house the Museum of the 20th Century which explains why it was first nicknamed 20er Haus (House 20). Between 1979 and 2001 the building also acted as a depository for contemporary art works.
 The Guelph Mercury is an English language daily newspaper published in Guelph Ontario Canada. It publishes a mix of community national and international news and is owned by the Torstar Corporation. The newspaper in many incarnations has been a part of the community since 1854. It is one of the oldest broadsheet newspapers in Ontario.[citation needed]
 The River Witham is a river almost entirely in the county of Lincolnshire in the east of England. It rises south of Grantham close to South Witham at SK8818 passes Lincoln at SK9771 and at Boston TF3244 flows into The Haven a tidal arm of The Wash near RSPB Frampton Marsh. The name Witham seems to be extremely old and of unknown origin. Archaeological and documentary evidence shows the importance of the Witham as a navigation from the Iron Age onwards.
 Play a Part EP is the second EP from Sydney band Expatriate. By the time the EP was released touring bassist Dave Molland had become a permanent member of the band. However he did not contribute to the recording of this EP.
 Judeichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the lower Cenomanian.
 Pediatric Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal published bimonthly by Jannetti Publications Inc. Its focus is professional pediatric nursing in clinical practice education research and administration. The editor in chief is Judy A. Rollins. The journal sponsors the Annual Pediatric Nursing Conference.
 The Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology (JVP) was founded in 1980 at the University of Oklahoma by Dr. Jiri Zidek. It is a scientific journal that publishes original contributions on all aspects of the vertebrate paleontology including vertebrate origins evolution functional morphology taxonomy biostratigraphy paleoecology paleobiogeography and paleoanthropology.
 The River Farset (An Fhearsaid or Abhainn na Feirste in Irish) is a river in Belfast Northern Ireland a tributary of the River Lagan. It is on the County Antrim side of the Lagan and joins the Lagan close to its outflow into Belfast Lough. The River Farset is now contained within a tunnel under Belfast's High Street; a tunnel supposedly big enough to take a bus.
 This Is the Night is a 1932 comedy film made by Paramount Pictures and directed by Frank Tuttle.The film stars Lili Damita Charles Ruggles Roland Young Thelma Todd and Cary Grant.It is based on the 1923 play Pouche by Henri Falk and René Peter and the 1925 English-language adaptation Naughty Cinderella written by Avery Hopwood. The plays had already been adapted for film once before as Good and Naughty (1926) with Pola Negri. This is the Night is Cary Grant's feature film debut.
 Nakul Das Rai (born 12 February 1960) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Sikkim constituency and is a member of the Sikkim Democratic Front (SDF) political party.
 Adapt or Die: Ten Years of Remixes is a remix album released by Everything But The Girl in 2005.
 Tall Zard (Persian: تل زرد‎) is a village in Hana Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 66 families.
 Black River is an 11.0-mile-long (17.7 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. The river flows into Lake Michigan at 46°05′37″N 85°20′30″W approximately 5 miles (8 km) east of Naubinway.The main branch of the river rises at 46°11′59″N 85°22′13″W in a marshy area in eastern Garfield Township near Cranberry Lake Bog. The East Branch rises at 46°08′05″N 85°16′46″W in Hudson Township and joins the main course at 46°05′47″N 85°20′24″W.
 The Thomas A. Crimmins House is a historic house at 19 Dartmouth Street in Newton Massachusetts. The 2.5 story brick house was built in 1910-11 and is one of the city's finest Georgian Revival houses. The roughly square house has a slate hip roof with a modillioned cornice and the corners have brick quoins.
 Yank Crime is the second and final album by the San Diego California post-hardcore band Drive Like Jehu released in 1994 by Interscope Records. It was the band's major-label debut and its artwork was created by singer/guitarist Rick Froberg.
 Japonesque (stylized as JAPONESQUE) is the tenth studio album by Koda Kumi. The album was released on January 25 2012.The album comes in four different versions each displaying a different cover and containing different content: CD only CD+DVD CD+2DVD and CD+goods. Similar to her 2008 album Kingdom each song has a corresponding music video with the exception of the introduction and the interlude.
 Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe QPM (born 25 October 1957) is the present Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis (head of London's Metropolitan Police Service).
 Bondo is a village and commune and seat of the Cercle of Koro in the Mopti Region of Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 15872
 Pharmacis anselminae is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is known from Italy.
 The Authentic Life of Billy the Kid is a biography and first-hand account written by Pat Garrett sheriff of Lincoln County New Mexico in collaboration with a ghostwriter Marshall Ashmun Ash Upson. During the summer of 1881 in a small New Mexican village Garrett shot and killed the notorious outlaw William H. Bonney better known as Billy the Kid.
 Ruperto Cadava Kangleon (March 27 1890 – February 27 1958) was a Filipino military figure and politician. He was a native of the municipality of Macrohon in the now named province of Southern Leyte.Kangleon was the acknowledged leader of the Resistance Movement in Leyte during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines during World War II.
 Lake Karoro is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Wayne Knox (bon June 30 1927) is a former politician in the American state of Colorado. He served in the Colorado House of Representatives from 1960 to 1962 and 1975 to 1996. A retired teacher Knox is a native Denver and served as a Democrat.
 HM Prison Liverpool (formerly Walton Gaol) is a categoryB/C local men's prison located in the Walton area of Liverpool in England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Indian Queen Tavern and Black's Store is a historic hotel and store complex located at Charlestown Cecil County Maryland USA. It consists of two mid-18th century structures: Black's Store originally the Red Lyon Inn and the Indian Queen Tavern later called Hotel. The two taverns and their remaining outbuildings form a court. The outbuildings include a log kitchen with a loft and a two-story smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 A Brief History of Crime is the third book by conservative author and journalist Peter Hitchens. Originally published in 2003 it was reissued in 2004 under the new title The Abolition of Liberty. The book was described in 2012 by The American Conservative magazine as a must-read for anyone on either side of the Atlantic.
 Dark Funeral is the debut EP by Swedish black metal band Dark Funeral. It was released in 1994.
 Glory Revealed II: The Word of God In Worship (released in 2009) is a compilation album by popular CCM musicians. In 2010 it garnered the Dove Award for Special Event Album of the Year at the 41st GMA Dove Awards.
 Scopula internataria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Angola the Comoros the Democratic Republic of Congo Ivory Coast Kenya La Réunion Madagascar Malawi Mozambique South Africa Sudan Tanzania Uganda and Zambia.
 Rush in Rio is a live DVD by Canadian band Rush released in 2003 (see 2003 in music). It is also available as a three CD set. It was the first concert DVD ever released by the band and is a two-disc set containing 28 songs. Bonus features include a tour documentary multi-angle viewing options for certain songs and behind-the-scenes footage. The performance was recorded and filmed at Maracanã Stadium in Rio de Janeiro Brazil and was the final night on the 2002 Vapor Trails Tour.
 Gerald R. Young is an American intelligence official who was Deputy Director of the National Security Agency from 1988 to 1990 under director William O. Studeman during which time he was the highest ranking civilian in the agency. During his time at the NSA he also held the position of Deputy Director for Plans and Policy.
 Dragonsword is a novel written by Gael Baudino and published in 1988. It is the first in the Dragonsword Trilogy. The other novels are Duel of Dragons (1989) and Dragon Death (1992). According to the author after completing an unfinished manuscript and fleshing it out to roughly double its length she sold it to Byron Preiss Books a book packaging company looking for a series of sword and sorcery novels including dragons and a super-magical sword who sold it to Lynx Omeiga Books.
 Protobrotula is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch.
 The Border Legion is a 1916 Western novel written by Zane Grey first published by Harper & Brothers in 1916.
 Aradhana (Telugu: ఆరాధన)(English Meaning : ADMIRATION) is a 1962 Telugu movie directed by V. Madhusudhan Rao starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao and Savitri under the banner of Jagapati Art productions. It is a love story involving four characters based on Bengali film Sagarika. Savitri played the main character Anuradha in the movie. Her character is a mixture of love sacrifice responsibility and service.
 Gunnbjørn Fjeld (also called only Gunnbjørn) is Greenland's highest mountain and also the highest mountain north of the Arctic circle. It is located in the Watkins Range on the east coast which contains several other summits above 3500 metres. It is a nunatak a rocky peak protruding through glacial ice.
 Will Prettyman Stephenson served as a justice of the Supreme Court of Ohio from 1932 to 1936.
 Xispia is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Timothy D. Dukes (born September 30 1964 in Seaford Delaware) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Delaware House of Representatives since January 8 2013 representing District 40.
 Cold Spring Harbor Fire District Hook and Ladder Company Building is a historic fire station located at Cold Spring Harbor in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1880 as a harnass shop and adapted in 1896 to house the equipment of the newly formed Cold Spring Harbor fire department. It is a one story wood framed building with a gable roof. It was moved to the rear of the lot on which it is located in 1930.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Brookins Campbell (1808 – December 25 1853) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for the 1st congressional district of Tennessee.
 Khvajehlar-e Vosta (Persian: خواجه لروسطي‎ also Romanized as Khvājehlar-e Vosţá) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 115 in 14 families.
 Sam Whiskey is a 1969 comedy-western film directed by Arnold Laven and starring Burt Reynolds - one of his earlier films that began his climb to super stardom in the 1970s. Angie Dickinson Clint Walker and Ossie Davis co-star.The film was one of the first to have a scene cut under the newly introduced MPAA ratings system. The version submitted by director Laven to the MPAA included a bare-from-the-waist-up shot of Angie Dickinson.
 Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run is a 2006 computer-animated short film from Sony Pictures Animation. As a spin-off of the animated movie Open Season Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run was released on the Open Season DVD and Blu-ray on January 30 2007.
 Live at the Montreal Jazz Festival is the second DVD by Canadian jazz pianist and vocalist Diana Krall released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).
 The X Factor is the tenth studio album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden released on 2 October 1995 through EMI. It is the band's first album to include Blaze Bayley formerly of Wolfsbane as vocalist replacing Bruce Dickinson who left the band following their previous tour to pursue a solo career.
 The Blood Rose (French: La Rose écorchée) is a 1970 French horror film directed and co-written by Claude Mulot. The film involves a portraitist named Frederick Lansac (Philippe Lemaire) wanting to restore his Anne's (Anny Duperey) face to its former beauty after it was disfigured in an accident. Lansac tries to force a surgeon named Rohmer (Howard Vernon) to perform a transplant on her.
 The Lesser Horned Owl or Magellanic Horned Owl (Bubo magellanicus) is a large owl of the genus Bubo found in southern South America extending north to the central Andes. It has traditionally been classified as a subspecies of the Great Horned Owl (Bubo virginianus) but is now frequently treated as a separate species based on differences in voice and size and because of the genetic distance between the two.It is about 45 centimetres long with birds in the north of the range being largest.
 The Old Man of Lochnagar is a children's book written by Prince Charles and illustrated by Sir Hugh Casson.The story revolves around an old man who lives in a cave in the cliffs surrounding the corrie loch under the Lochnagar a mountain which overlooks the royal estate at Balmoral in Scotland where the Royal Family spend much of their summer holidays.The story of the old man of Lochnagar was one Prince Charles had told some years earlier to entertain his brothers Andrew and Edward when they were young. 
 Nemophora karafutonis is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Matsumura in 1932. It is found in the Russian Far East and Japan.The length of the forewings is 7-8.5 mm for males and 7-7.5 mm for females.
 Tarzan and the Foreign Legion is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the twenty-second in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. The book written June–September 1944 while Burroughs was living in Honolulu and published in 1947 was the last new work by Burroughs to be published during his life (Llana of Gathol the tenth book in the Barsoom series was published in 1948 but it was a collection of four stories that were originally published in Amazing Stories in 1941).
 The Arab is a 1915 American silent adventure film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. Edgar Selwyn had starred in the Broadway play version of the story in 1911. This film is based on that play. A print of the film survives at the Gosfilmfond film archive.
 Grafik was a specialist London-based bi-monthly magazine on graphic design and visual culture.
 Carry Me Down (2006) is the second novel of British writer M. J. Hyland. It was awarded the Hawthornden Prize and was shortlisted for the Booker Prize.Carry me down is a spell-binding story of a young boy who can detect lies. Set in a small village this extraordinary boy John Egan first realised his powers when his father ruthlessly killed three kittens and lied about not feeling bad. He had warm relations with his kind-hearted mother.
 Sikap (also known as Mimbar-politik sikap) was an Indonesian newspaper published in Djakarta in the 1950s during the Sukarno area.Sikap was published by the Education and Propaganda Section of the Socialist Party of Indonesia. L. M. Sitorus was the editor of the newspaper.Due to the nature of publications from the 1950s frequency varies in library catalogues - and only short incomplete runs have been microfilmed.
 Lopez Lake is a reservoir near the city of Arroyo Grande in San Luis Obispo County California. The lake is formed by Lopez Dam on Arroyo Grande Creek 9 mi (14 km) upstream from the Pacific Ocean. The creek drains about 60 sq mi (160 km2) above the dam and 90 sq mi (230 km2) below. The dam was built in 1969 and is operated by the San Luis Obispo County Flood Control and Water Conservation District. The earth-fill dam was retrofitted to protect against earthquakes between 2001 and 2003.
 Stop-Loss is a 2008 American drama film directed by Kimberly Peirce and starring Ryan Phillippe Channing Tatum Abbie Cornish and Joseph Gordon-Levitt. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and produced by MTV Films.
 Mountain Farms Mall is a one-story shopping mall in Hadley Massachusetts United States with approximately 12 stores. It is located on Route 9 at 335 Russell Street in Hadley Massachusetts between Amherst and Northampton approximately five miles east of Exit 19 off I-91. The mall is owned by S.R. Weiner and WS Development.
 The Valea Îndărăt River is a tributary of the Drăghiciul River in Romania.
 Edificio Oliver in Arecibo Puerto Rico was built in 1914. The building houses government offices for the municipality of Arecibo. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 William Bellinger Bulloch (1777 — May 6 1852) was an American Senator from Georgia uncle to James Stephens Bulloch granduncle to James Dunwoody Bulloch Martha Bulloch Roosevelt and Irvine Stephens Bulloch great-granduncle to President Theodore Roosevelt Jr. and Elliott Bulloch Roosevelt and great-great-granduncle to First Lady of the United States Anna Eleanor Roosevelt.
 The Very Best of Brand Nubian is a greatest hits album by hip hop group Brand Nubian. The front cover of an album is reference to the debut album by Brand Nubian.
 Bank of America Plaza is a skyscraper located in between Midtown Atlanta and Downtown Atlanta otherwise known as the SoNo district of Atlanta Georgia. At 317 m (1040 ft) the tower is the 60th-tallest building in the world. It is the 10th tallest building in the U.S. and the tallest building in Georgia. It is also the tallest building in any U.S.
 Siah Kamar (Persian: سياه كمر‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Kamar and Seyāh Kamar) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 58 in 11 families.
 The European Tour is a 1980 album by jazz musician John Coltrane.
 Concrete is the second studio album by American country music singer Sunny Sweeney. It was released on August 23 2011 via Republic Nashville. The album includes the singles From a Table Away Staying's Worse Than Leaving and Drink Myself Single all of which have charted within the top 40 of Hot Country Songs.
 The International Journal of Nanomedicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on the application of nanotechnology in diagnostics therapeutics and drug delivery systems throughout the biomedical field. The journal was established in 2006 and is published by Dove Medical Press.
 Goszczynno [ɡɔʂˈt͡ʂɨnnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daszyna within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 LaGrange in or near Harris Crossroads North Carolina is a 131.7 acres (53.3 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.In 1982 the district included four buildings deemed to contribute to the historic character of the district and one other contributing site.
 Mass Slaughter: The Best of Slaughter is a Slaughter compilation album.
 Comedy's Dirtiest Dozen is a stand-up comedy concert film featuring big name talents before they reached stardom including Tim Allen Chris Rock and Bill Hicks. It was created and produced by Stuart S. Shapiro after the cult success of his film Mondo New York. The performances were shot on film instead of on tape like most comedy shows of the time. Island Films (an offshoot of Chris Blackwell's Island Records) intended to run Comedy's Dirtiest Dozen in theaters and not on cable TV.
 Nesocordulia is a genus of dragonfly in family Corduliidae. It contains the following species: Nesocordulia villiersi
 Musca albina is a widespread Old World species known from dry areas of the Af­rotropical Region North Africa and the Middle East Central Asia India and Sri Lanka. It is a sun-loving species and adults have been found clustering around domestic animals to feed on sweat and other secretions and on their faeces.
 Act Without Words I is a short play by Samuel Beckett. It is a mime Beckett's first (followed by Act Without Words II). Like many of Beckett's works the play was originally written in French (Acte sans paroles I) being translated into English by Beckett himself. It was written in 1956 following a request from the dancer Deryk Mendel and first performed on April 3 1957 at the Royal Court Theatre in London. On that occasion it followed a performance of Endgame.
 Sergey Leonidovich Katanandov (Russian: Серге́й Леонидович Катанандов) was the President of the Republic of Karelia in Russia in 2002-2010.Katanandov was born in 1955 in the Karelian capital of Petrozavodsk. Educated in civil engineering and law Katanandov served as Mayor of Petrozavodsk from 1990 to 1998 and became Chairman of the Government of Karelia in 1998. From May 2002 till June 30 2010 he was the Head of the Republic of Karelia.
 Montauk Tennis Auditorium also known as Montauk Playhouse is a historic tennis center located at Montauk in Suffolk County New York just below Montauk Manor. It was built in 1928-1929 as one of the central buildings of the great resort which developer Carl G. Fisher planned and partially completed in the 1920s. The Tudor Revival style structure is of light steel frame construction sheathed in prefabricated plywood frame panels and coated in stucco. The base is formed of rough fieldstone.
 The Adour (Basque: Aturri Occitan: Ador) is a river in southwestern France. It rises in High-Bigorre (Pyrenees) at the Col du Tourmalet and flows into the Atlantic Ocean (Bay of Biscay) near Bayonne. It is 324 kilometres (201 mi) long of which the uppermost 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) as the Adour du Tourmalet. At its final stretch i.e. on its way through Bayonne and a short extent upstream the river draws the borderline between the Northern Basque Country and Landes regions.
 The Abbey Ditcheat (formerly known as The Priory) is a large house at Ditcheat in Somerset built as the rectory by John Gunthorpe who was rector of Ditcheat and Dean of Wells in 1473. The house was altered in 1667 for Christopher Coward; and given a new facade and rearranged internally in 1864–68 probably by James Piers St Aubyn for Rev. William Leir.
 Man in the Moon is an L.A. Guns album. Long-time vocalist Phil Lewis and guitarist Mick Cripps returned for this album. It is the only L.A. Guns album with bass guitarist Muddy.
 Eutoreuma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Fălcoaia River is a tributary of the Cătuşa River in Romania.
 Fandry is a 2013 Indian Marathi language film written and directed by Nagraj Manjule in a directorial debut. It stars Somnath Avghade and Rajshree Kharat as the film leads. The story focuses on a romance amidst caste-based discrimination. The film set in Akolner a village near Ahmednagar is about a teenager from a Dalit (lower caste) family who lives at the village fringe and falls in love with an upper caste girl.The film won the Grand Jury Prize at the Mumbai International Film Festival.
 Do Ya is the sixth studio album by the Australian hard rock band The Screaming Jets. It was released by StockXChange Music/Sony Music. The first single Do Ya was taken from the album.
 Dar Eshgaft-e Baba Bahram (Persian: دراشگفت بابابهرام‎ also Romanized as Dar Eshgaft-e Bābā Bahrām) is a village in Malavi Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 12 families.
 James David Jim Matheson (born March 21 1960) is the current U.S. Representative for Utah's 4th congressional district. He previously represented the 2nd district from 2001 until 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party and currently holds the distinction of representing a more Republican-leaning district than any other Democratic member of Congress.On December 17 2013 Matheson announced he will not seek reelection in the 2014 elections.
 Hiddaulla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Edge of Victory: Rebirth (also released as Edge of Victory II: Rebirth) is the second novel in a two-part story by Greg Keyes. Published and released in 2001 it is the ninth installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars galaxy.
 Diario Frontera is a Venezuelan regional newspaper headquartered in Ejido in the state of Mérida. Founded in 1978 its slogan is El diario del occidente del país (The Daily of the occident of the country).
 Betsy Hannig was a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives having been appointed to serve as a placeholder caused by the vacancy caused by the resignation of her husband Gary Hannig who was appointed by Governor Pat Quinn to be Illinois Secretary of Transportation.
 The Monkey is a short story by Stephen King first published in Gallery magazine in 1980. It was significantly revised and published in King's collection Skeleton Crew in 1985.
 The Hidden Jungle is an American children’s adventure film directed by Steve McCurdy written and produced by Warren Chaney and released in 1990. The film stars Chuck Stockdale Damon Merrill Charles Charpiot Lesley Chaney and Dennis Frost Jr. The Executive Producer was Beverly Wilson and the film’s production company was Sandpiper Pictures. It was filmed on location in Mozambique and at the Y.O.
 Themes is an album by Moravian ethno metal band Silent Stream of Godless Elegy (Czech Republic) originally released in 2000 by Redblack. This album was priced Czech Grammy Award as the best act in hard'n'heavy genre in 2001.
 Catatropis johnstoni is a fluke from the United States. It was first described in 1956 by Martin who had found cercariae (a larval stage of a fluke) released by the snail Cerithidea californica in southwestern California. When the cercaria were fed into chickens (Gallus gallus domesticus) they developed into mature worms; Martin speculated that the natural host was a waterbird.
 Julia is a minute sea snails genus marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the superfamily Oxynooidea.Julia is the type genus of the family Juliidae.
 Chinese Medical Herbology and Pharmacology is a text on Chinese herbology by Dr. John K. Chen and Tina T. Chen. It is one of the few comprehensive texts on Chinese herbology in existence that has been published in the English and German language and it is widely recognized by the oriental medicine community as both a valid teaching tool used in many oriental medicine universities in the US as well as a reference book that is widely cited by many academic individuals and practitioners.
 Keelanatham is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Who's Who in Scotland (2013: ISBN 978-0-9565748-6-2) is an annual biographical dictionary published since 1986 by Carrick Media.
 Nebulosa crypsispila is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Panama and Costa Rica.
 24 Hours (24 sata) is a Croatian anthology film released in 2002. The film is made up of two segments Sigurna kuća directed by Kristijan Milić and Ravno do dna directed by Goran Kulenović.
 Javanan-e Goruh (Persian: جوانان گروه‎ also Romanized as Javānān-e Gorūh Javanan Gorooh and Javānān Gorūh; also known as Gavan Gīrūh Gavaneh Gīrveyā Geviana Girvia and Gevyana-Gireya) is a village in Arzil Rural District Kharvana District Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 10 families.
 At the Village Gate is a 1961 album by jazz flutist Herbie Mann. The album cover shows the title as Herbie Mann at the Village Gate. This was his third album for Atlantic Records the main label for much of his career. The album was recorded at legendary club The Village Gate.
 Grænalón is one of the glacier lakes of the Icelandic glacier Vatnajökull. It is situated in the south of Iceland. Its surface measures 18 km².Unlike the better known glacier lake Jökulsárlón it is lying not at the sea shore but in the Highlands of Iceland at the northwestern end of the glacier Skeiðarájökull which is part of Vatnajökull.
 Hotel Ureka Malabo is a hotel in Malabo Equatorial Guinea. The hotel is located near Malabo Airport on the corner of Airport Road and the Street of Algeria.In 1987 it was reported to have 42 international business class rooms.
 MiXXXes of the Molé is a remix album by industrial metal band Ministry. The album is composed of remixes of tracks from the band's 2004 album Houses of the Molé.
 Sefar Qaleh (Persian: صفرقلعه‎ also Romanized as Şefar Qal‘eh) is a village in Dibaj Rural District Lotfabad District Dargaz County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 41 families.
 Gudas Belgaum is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Unknown is a 2011 British-German-French psychological thriller film directed by Jaume Collet-Serra starring Liam Neeson Diane Kruger January Jones Aidan Quinn Bruno Ganz and Frank Langella. The film is based on the 2003 French novel published in English as Out of My Head by Didier Van Cauwelaert.
 Emmalocera phaeostrotella is a species of snout moths in the genus Emmalocera. It was described by Hampson in 1918. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Kate Jennifer Jones (born 10 April 1979) is a former Australian politician and Queensland Government minister. She is a member of the Australian Labor Party and was elected in the seat of state electorate of Ashgrove in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland in 2006 which was previously held by former Speaker Jim Fouras (ALP).
 Weierbach (Brunsbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Palletoori Pilla (English title: Village Girl) is a 1950 Telugu film directed by B. A. Subba Rao. The title role is played by Anjali Devi. The story was loosely based on the English play Pizaro by Richard Sheridan. The film is a commercial hit and ran for more than 100 days in 6 centres. This is also the first film wherein great actors of Telugu cinema N. T. Rama Rao and Akkineni Nageswara Rao acted for the first time.It was later made into Insaniyat (1955) in Hindi directed by S. S.
 Heydar Baghi (Persian: حيدرباغي‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydar Bāghī) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 92 families.
 Of Human Bondage (1915) is a novel by W. Somerset Maugham. It is generally agreed to be his masterpiece and to be strongly autobiographical in nature although Maugham stated This is a novel not an autobiography though much in it is autobiographical more is pure invention. Maugham who had originally planned to call his novel Beauty from Ashes finally settled on a title taken from a section of Spinoza's Ethics.The Modern Library ranked Of Human Bondage No.
 Kongsrudia mutata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Chikkoppa S.K. is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Karapınar Kuyucak is a village in the District of Kuyucak Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 698 people.
 Kalu (Persian: كلو‎ also Romanized as Kalū and Kolū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 28 families.
 Paturi Rajagopala Naidu better known as Rajanna (7 November 1900–21 October 1995) was an Indian freedom fighter parliamentarian and kisan (farmer) leader. He was political guru of Nara Chandrababu Naidu. He was an exponent of the peasant philosophy and considered the father of the Indian Peasant Movement after Swami Sahajanand Saraswati.
 Cervocerus is a deer genus that lived about 7 million years ago at the boundary between the Miocene and Pliocene periods. Cervocerus novorossiae was found in China	and the Republic of Moldova.
 Morven (Scottish Gaelic: A' Mhòr Bheinn) is a mountain in Caithness in the Highland Region of Scotland. The hill is classed as a Graham and at 706 metres its summit is the highest point in the county of Caithness.Caithness is generally quite low lying. Morven's relative height and conical appearance makes it a prominent feature of the landscape as seen from many different places in the county.
 The Museo de la Historia de Ponce (Museum of the History of Ponce) is a museum located in the historic Casa Salazar-Candal in the city of Ponce Puerto Rico. The museum depicts the city's ecology economy architecture government and elements of daily life.
 Robert A. Hall served five terms in the Massachusetts State Senate.
 The Man Who Wrote Frankenstein is a 2007 book about poet Percy Bysshe Shelley by John Lauritsen who argues that Shelley not his wife Mary Shelley was the real author of Frankenstein (1818) and that the hidden theme of the book is male love.
 Mount Tyree (4852m) is the second highest mountain of Antarctica located 13 kilometres northwest of Vinson Massif (4892 m) the highest peak on the continent. It surmounts Patton Glacier to the north and Cervellati Glacier to the southeast.Mt. Tyree was discovered in January 1958 during reconnaissance flights by the United States Navy VX-6 squadron and mapped later that month by the Marie Byrd Land Traverse Party. The mountain was named for Rear Admiral David M.
 Abu Tarbeh (Persian: ابوتربه‎ also Romanized as Abū Tarbeh; also known as Abū Taryeh and Bātarbeh) is a village in Bagh Safa Rural District Sarchehan District Bavanat County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 471 in 103 families.
 Franco Reviglio (born 1935) is an Italian academic businessman and socialist politician who served in various capacities in the federal administration of Italy.
 Comedy of Power (French: L'Ivresse du pouvoir) is a 2006 French drama film directed by Claude Chabrol and starring Isabelle Huppert. The French title which sums up the whole story means “drunk with power”.
 Regional at Best is the second studio album from American alternative band Twenty One Pilots. The album was independently or self-released on July 11 2011. The album was originally available digitally and physically it has however since been pulled from most of the internet and is no longer in print.
 Wander This World is the third studio album by American blues guitarist Jonny Lang released in 1998 when he was 17. The album was recorded at Seedy Underbelly Studios and Oarfin Studios in Minneapolis and the Sound Kitchen in Nashville. This album produced Lang's first Grammy nomination. Lang recorded his 1st album at the age of 14.
 Schie is the name for four waterways in the area of Overschie South Holland the Netherlands. There are the Delftse Schie the Delfshavense Schie the Rotterdamse Schie and the Schiedamse Schie. The existence of these four streams is the result of medieval rivalry among the cities of Delft Rotterdam and Schiedam for toll rights.
 Grybaulia is a small village in Dzūkija National Park in Lithuania. The village is best known for its extensive fish ponds which surrounded by boreal forests provide breeding feeding and wintering habitats for a number of bird species.
 Rick Is 21 is the sixth album by rock and roll and teen pop idol Rick Nelson released in 1961. This album was the first to credit his first name as Rick; previous albums were credited to Ricky Nelson.The album peaked #8 on the Billboard 200 chart. Successful singles from the album include Travelin' Man and Hello Mary Lou.
 The D.C. Eldridge House is located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 The Pilgrimage (Portuguese: O Diário de Um Mago Diary of a Mage) is a 1987 novel by Brazilian novelist Paulo Coelho. A parable that explores the need to find one's own path. In the end we discover that the extraordinary is always found in the ordinary and simple ways of everyday people. Part adventure story part guide to self-discovery this compelling tale delivers the perfect combination of enchantment and insight.
 A.R.O.G: A Prehistoric Film (Turkish: A.R.O.G: Bir Yontma Taş Filmi) is a 2008 Turkish science-fiction comedy film directed by Cem Yılmaz and Ali Taner Baltacı about a used carpet salesman who is sent back in time by an old interplanetary adversary out for revenge. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on December 5 2008 (2008-12-05) was the highest grossing Turkish films of 2008 and is one of the most expensive Turkish films ever made. It is a sequel to G.O.R.A.
 Augustus Frederick Adolphus Greeves (7 September 1806 - 23 May 1874) was a Mayor of Melbourne and Member of Parliament in Melbourne Australia.Greeves was born in Knaresborough Yorkshire England and emigrated to the Port Phillip District in New South Wales in 1840. He was one of the first medical men to arrive in Melbourne. He was a surgeon publican and local councillor and was the Mayor of the City of Melbourne between 1849 and 1850.
 The Best of 1979–1988: Vol 2 is the third compilation and the second double set of greatest hits by Modus released on Open Music in 1998.
 Nowe Lutobory [ˈnɔvɛ lutɔˈbɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice within Rawa County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Tardi (Persian: تردي‎ also Romanized as Tardī) is a village in Chelo Rural District Chelo District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kaadhal Solla Vandhen (Tamil: காதல் சொல்ல வந்தேன்; English: I came to express my love) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romance film written and directed by Boopathy Pandian which stars Balaji Balakrishnan of Kana Kaanum Kaalangal fame Meghana Raj and Karthik Sabesh in lead and Arya in a guest role. The film previously titled as Naanum En Sandhyavum and Naan Avalai Sandhitha Pozhudhu is produced by S3 Films and features music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 Hof van Cleve is a restaurant in western Belgium. The restaurant is set in the countryside near the town of Kruishoutem. The chef is Peter Goossens.
 The Cypress Tip Moth (Argyresthia cupressella) is a moth of the Yponomeutidae family. It is endemic to the western coast of the United States and Canada but has been introduced in Europe.The wingspan is 8–9 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July depending on the location.The larvae feed on Chamaecyparis Cupressocyparis Thuja Sequoia and Juniperus species.
 Mark William Lewis (born 27 November 1957) was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council as a Liberal member for Mining and Pastoral region at the 2013 state election. He took his seat on 22 May 2013 in the 39th Parliament.Prior to his election Lewis was involved in agricultural development projects particularly water resource developments. Immediately prior to this he held various regional management roles also with the Western Australian Department of Agriculture and Food.
 James W. Ross CM (born September 6 1938) is a Canadian businessman and former Canadian Senator.Ross was one of eight Senators appointed directly by the Queen on the advice of Prime Minister Brian Mulroney under Section 26 of the Constitution Act 1867 in order to pass the Goods and Services Tax.
 Nilgerides trifasciata is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Sumatra.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The head patagia tegulae thorax and ground colour of the forewing are blackish brown while the basal medial and terminal areas of the wing are dark blackish brown. The subterminal area and the fringes are slightly lighter brown. The crosslines are generally indistinct. The antemedial and postmedial line are brown suffused with black scales.
 Television Centre Southampton was home to the three ITV contractors for the South and South East region: Southern TVS and Meridian. It was also known as The Southern Television Centre The Southampton Television Centre unofficially as The Northam Studios and locally as The Dream Factory.The studio centre was constructed in 1967 vacated in 2004 and demolished in 2008. The site currently lies empty after development ceased.
 Golgota Picnic (Golgotha Picnic) is a play by the Argentinian playwright Rodrigo García. The play interweaves serious critique of consumer society despair over the human race and deconstruction of the person and message of Jesus of Nazareth.
 The Museum of Outdoor Sculpture of Alcala de Henares (Museo de Escultura al Aire Libre de Alcalá de Henares) is a permanent exhibition of contemporary art in public Alcalá de Henares (Madrid - Spain) opened in 1993 and organized by the sculptor José Noja.
 The Handbook (formerly the Church Handbook of Instructions and earlier the General Handbook of Instructions) is a two-volume book of instructions and policies for leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). The books are prepared by the First Presidency and Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of the church. Along with the church's standard works (i.e. its scriptural canon) the Handbook stands as the preeminent policy and practice guide for the leaders of the LDS Church.
 Grab [ɡrap] (Ukrainian: Граб Hrab) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Krempna 34 km (21 mi) south of Jasło and 77 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 The Tucunduba River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 Maurice Edwin Landrieu known as Moon Landrieu (born July 23 1930) is a Democratic politician from Louisiana who served as Mayor of New Orleans from 1970 to 1978. He also is a former judge. He represented New Orleans' Twelfth Ward in the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1960 to 1966 served on the New Orleans City Council as a member at-large from 1966 to 1970 and was the United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development under U.S. President Jimmy Carter from 1979 to 1981.
 Norah bint Abdallah Al Faiz (Arabic: نورة بنت عبد الله الفايز‎) also spelled Noura Al Fayez (born 1956) is the first female to hold a cabinet-level office in Saudi Arabia.
 Zulfikar Ali Bhutto (Urdu: ذوالفقار علی بھٹو Sindhi: ذوالفقار علي ڀُٽو IPA: [zʊlfɪqɑːɾ ɑli bʱʊʈːoː]) (5 January 1928 – 4 April 1979) was a Pakistani statesman and politician who served as the 9th Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1973 to 1977 and prior to that as the 4th President of Pakistan from 1971 to 1973. Revered as Quaid-i-Awam (قا ئد عوام; lit.
 Udara selma is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South-east Asia.
 Maksim Zakharovich Saburov (Russian: Максим Захарович Сабуров 2 February 1900 – 24 March 1977) was a Soviet engineer economist and politician three-time Chairman of Gosplan and later First Deputy Premier of the Soviet Union. He was involved in the Anti-Party Group's attempt to displace Nikita Khrushchev in 1957.
 Children and Television: Lessons from Sesame Street (1974) is a non-fiction book written by Gerald S. Lesser in which he describes the production of Sesame Street and the formation and pedagogical philosophy of the Children's Television Workshop. Lesser was a professor at Harvard University studying how social class and ethnicity interacted with school achievement and was one of the first academics in the US who researched how watching television affected children and their development.
 Odivere is a village in Saare Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia. As of 2011 the population of the village was 72.
 The Cabuçu River is a river situated in South Eastern Brazil within the state of Rio de Janeiro.
 Dr. Virgil Cox House is a historic home located at Galax Virginia. It was built about 1913 and is a large 2 1/2-story frame dwelling with Queen Anne and Colonial Revival style design elements. It has a complex exterior presentation complex roof plan and an equally complex floorplan.
 Bikini Planet is a science fiction comedy written by David S. Garnett and released exclusively in the United Kingdom as a paperback. It is written as a sub-sequel to an earlier story written by Garnett in 1994 entitled Stargonauts which features the some of the same settings and characters from the first story.
 Bucculatrix illecebrosa is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from California.The wingspan is 7.5-8 mm. The forewings are bright brown the scales below the fold black-tipped. The hindwings are grey.The larvae feed on Helianthus species. The larvae are leaf-skeletonizers. Pupation takes place in a white or pale yellow cocoon.
 Qaleh-ye Mirzai (Persian: قلعه ميرزايي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Mīrzā’ī and Qal‘eh Mīrzā’ī; also known as Ghal‘ehé Mirzai) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 564 in 124 families.
 In Time was the sixth studio album released by americana-neotraditional country-tex-mex band The Mavericks on January 21 2013 or February 26 2013 on the Valory Music Group label which is owned by Big Machine Records. The album was produced by Niko Bolas and Raul Malo. The album has achieved success amongst the critics and according to Metacritic has garnered universal acclaim.The vinyl LP version of the record was pressed by United Record Pressing in Nashville TN.
 The Best of Chicane is a Chicane compilation album released in 2008.
 Brett Dennen is the first studio album by the American musician Brett Dennen. It was released in 2004 by Downtown Records and Dualtone Records.
 Al's Lads (released in the United States as Capone's Boys) is a 2002 British crime/drama film.
 Pyrrhidivalva is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Mattupetty Machan is a 1998 Malayalam movie directed by Jose Thomas. Mukesh Baiju Jagathy Sreekumar Oduvil Unnikrishnan Maathu etc. played the main roles in the movie. The movie was produced by Gopikrishnan Vinu Kiriyath and Kannan Nair under the banner of Gopurachithra who also distributed the movie. Rajan Kiriyath and Vinu Kiriyath created the story for which the script and direction was added by Udaykrishna and Siby K. Thomas.
 Tornatellinops ponapensis is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Achatinellidae. This species is endemic to Micronesia.
 Dr Sampurnanand (1 January 1891 – 10 January 1969) was a teacher and politician in Uttar Pradesh India. He was served as the second Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh from 1954 to 1960. If single tenures in the office of the Uttar Pradesh Chief Ministers are only considered then Dr. Sampurnanand had the longest stretch from 28 December 1954 to 7 December 1960 which is almost six years in the office. Dr. Sampurnanand a scholar of Sanskrit and Hindi succeeded Govind Ballabh Pant.
 Heroes is an album by country singers Johnny Cash (his 72nd overall album release) and Waylon Jennings released on Columbia Records in 1986 (see 1986 in music). Although the two musicians had collaborated several times before - most notably in 1985 as part of The Highwaymen along with Willie Nelson and Kris Kristofferson - this was the duo's first and only full-length album. Heroes was also Cash's last original release on Columbia with which he parted ways soon after the record's release.
 Teketeke is a 2009 J-Horror film directed by Kôji Shiraishi and based on the urban legend. It was followed by a sequel filmed in the same year.
 The Highest Mountain is an album by saxophonist Clifford Jordan which was recorded in West Germany in 1975 and first released on the SteepleChase label. The album should not be confused with the CD reissue of the Muse album Night of the Mark VII which also used the same title
 Sušica is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 878 people.
 Pseudanthias parvirostris is a Pseudanthias fish from the Indo-West Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 7.5cm in length.
 What's Next is an album by Frank Marino & Mahogany Rush released in 1980 under Columbia Records. The bonus live tracks of the CD edition were recorded in Salinas California during the Juggernaut tour of 1983.
 Williford Methodist Church is a historic church northwest of the junction of Ferguson and Hail Streets in Williford Arkansas.It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 The Octagon House in Columbus Georgia also known as May's Folly is an octagonal building built in 1829.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
 The Government Museum Tiruchirappalli is a heritage centre at Tiruchirappalli Tamil Nadu India.
 St Michael and All Angels Church Altcar is to the west of the village of Great Altcar West Lancashire England. The church is timber-framed and is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the deanery of Sefton. Its benefice is combined with that of St Stephen's Hightown. In the Buildings of England series it is described as an utterly charming church.
 The Edinburgh Middle East Report (Arabic: تقرير الشرق الأوسط ادنبورج‎) often abbreviated to EMER is Scotland's only periodical dedicated to the Middle East.
 Robert Maxwell Morrow UE (born August 9 1946) is a Canadian politician who served as mayor of Hamilton Ontario from 1982 to 2000. He was the longest-serving mayor in the city's history.Born in Hamilton Morrow first won election in 1968 as alderman for Ward One. However he was disqualified because his name was not on the voter's list. In a subsequent by-election his father George Morrow secured the seat.
 Baghdadi (Persian: بغدادي‎ also Romanized as Baghdādī) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District Ahmadi District Hajjiabad County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 24 families.
 David Alexander Edward Lindsay 27th Earl of Crawford and 10th Earl of Balcarres KT PC DL FRS FSA (10 October 1871 – 8 March 1940) styled Lord Balniel between 1880 and 1913 was a British Conservative politician and art connoisseur.
 Thomas Theodore Crittenden (January 1 1832 – May 29 1909) was a United States colonel during the American Civil War and a Democratic politician who served as the 24th Governor of Missouri from 1881 to 1885.
 Kereft (Persian: كرفت‎) is a village in Sefidar Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1285 in 322 families.
 Miles Teel Bivins (November 22 1947–October 26 2009) served as United States ambassador to Sweden between 2004 and 2006. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on May 21 2004 and sworn in at Washington D.C. on May 26. He presented his credentials to King Carl XVI Gustaf in Stockholm on June 9. He left the position early after being stricken with progressive supranuclear palsy a fatal condition.
 Son Chhay (Khmer: សុន ឆ័យ; born January 1 1956) is a Cambodian politician and one of the highest ranking members of the Cambodia National Rescue Party. Son Chhay graduated in 1984 from Flinders University in Australia with a Bachelor Degree in Mathematical Science. This was followed by a Diploma in Education from Adelaide University in 1985. He currently belongs to the opposition Sam Rainsy Party.
 Take Good Care of My Baby was Bobby Vinton's seventeenth studio album released in 1968. The title track was previously a hit for Bobby Vee. Other cover versions include I Apologize and Serenade of the Bells. The title track is the album's sole single.
 Return of the Crimson Guard is the second fantasy novel by Canadian author Ian Cameron Esslemont set in the world of the Malazan Book of the Fallen co-created with Esselmont's friend and colleague Steven Erikson. Chronologically Return of the Crimson Guard takes place after the events in Erikson's sixth Malazan novel The Bonehunters.
 Amara blanchardi is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family. It is native to North America.
 Mont Gond is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking Siviez south of Nendaz in the canton of Valais.
 The second album by Grand Central Records artists Rae & Christian released in 2001.In the US it was released on the Studio !K7 label.
 George Hartman House also known as Larchwood Farm is a historic home located in East Pikeland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house is in three parts. The oldest section was built between about 1790 and 1801. It is 2 1/2-story random fieldstone house with a gable roof and 20 inch thick stone walls. The 2 1/2-story center hall plan random fieldstone addition was built in 1806. In the late-1930s a 2 1/2-story frame addition was built on the north side.
 Bamboo Ridge (in full Bamboo Ridge: Journal of Hawai'i Literature and Arts) is a Hawaii-based literary journal and press founded in 1978 by Eric Chock and Darrell H.Y. Lum to publish works by and for the people of Hawaii. It was named after a popular fishing spot on Oahu [1]. Lois-Ann Yamanaka is among the writers Bamboo Ridge has published.
 Fusceulima projectilabrum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Aspathrekaval is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Hunsur taluk of Mysore district in Karnataka.
 Allotinus melos is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Druce in 1896. It is found on the Philippines (Mindanao and Palawan) Balabac Island and Borneo.
 Qarkhelar (Persian: قرخلار‎ also Romanized as Qerkhlār and Qerekhlar; also known as Kirkhiar Kirkhlar Kyrkhlar Qahveh Khāneh-ye Qerekhlār Qerkhlār Zanjīreh and Zanjīreh) is a village in Koshksaray Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 13 families.
 The Fort Worth Museum of Science and History is located on 1600 Gendy Street Fort Worth Texas 76107 in the city's Cultural District. It was opened in 1945 as the Fort Worth Children's Museum and moved to its current location in 1954. In 1968 the museum adopted its current name.
 Cannibal (Spanish: Caníbal) is a 2013 Spanish-Romanian thriller film directed by Manuel Martín Cuenca. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Gerald Prentice Nye (December 19 1892 – July 17 1971) was an American politician who represented North Dakota in the United States Senate from 1925 to 1945. He was a Republican and supporter of World War II-era isolationism chairing the Nye Committee which studied the causes of United States' involvement in World War I.
 The Battle of Pollocks Crossing is the sixth novel by J.L. Carr published in 1985. The novel was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1985 and followed a nomination in 1980 for A Month in the Country his preceding novel.The novel describes a year spent by a young English exchange teacher named George Gidner in the fictional town of Pallisades on the Great Plains of South Dakota.
 Watch What Happens! is an album by American jazz pianist and composer Steve Kuhn recorded in 1968 and originally released on the MPS label but rereleased in the US as In Europe; 1968 on the Prestige label in 1969.
 János Bud (30 May 1880 - 7 August 1950) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Finance between 1924 and 1928. After finishing his law studies he worked for the National Statistical Office. From 1910 he served as secretary aide for the Ministry of Trade. He taught statistic on the University of Budapest. István Bethlen appointed him Minister of Food in 1922. After 1928 he served as Minister of Economic and Minister of Trade.
 The Northern Hawk-Owl (Surnia ulula) or Northern Hawk-Owl in North America is a non-migratory owl that usually stays within its breeding range though it sometimes irrupts southward. It is one of the few owls that is neither nocturnal nor crepuscular. This is the only living species in the genus Surnia of the family Strigidae the typical owls (as opposed to barn owls Tytonidae).
 Kalomen is a village in the municipality of Dryanovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Nuneaton Museum & Art Gallery is set in the grounds of Riversley Park Nuneaton England and has three galleries which house regularly changing temporary and touring exhibitions. There is a gallery dedicated to the writer George Eliot together with two others focusing on local history and fine art. There is a small display of objects which belonged to the comedian Larry Grayson.The museum opened in 1917. It was paid for as a gift to Nuneaton from Edward Ferdinand Melly.
 Samuel Lewis Southard (June 9 1787 – June 26 1842) was a prominent U.S. statesman of the early 19th century serving as a U.S. Senator Secretary of the Navy and the tenth Governor of New Jersey.
 The Siege of Numantia (Spanish: El cerco de Numancia) is a tragedy by Miguel de Cervantes set at the siege of Numantia. The play is divided into four acts (jornadas or days). The dialogue is sometimes in tercets and sometimes in redondillas but for the most part in octaves. The work was composed circa 1582 and was apparently very successful in the years before the advent of Lope de Vega as playwright. It remained unpublished until the eighteenth-century.
 Memsahab is a 2008 Bollywood drama film directed by Arshad Siddiqui. The film stars Yukta Mookhey and Vijay Raaz. Memsahab is a woman-oriented movie with a social message of non-violence. In Memsahab Yukta has to be lauded for staged a comeback with a sincere effort. She has adorned a bold new look in this flick. Yukta admits that getting into the character of a prostitute was a bit tough and bold too but she portrayed it with honesty.
 Remember Me is an album by jazz musician Frank Strozier recorded in 1976 for SteepleChase Records.
 Verdi is a relatively young impact crater on the planet Mercury. It was named after Italian Romantic composer Giuseppe Verdi (1813–1901) in 1979 as recognized by the International Astronomical Union. The crater's extensive ejecta blanket and secondary crater field are superposed on plains materials and older craters.Verdi lies in the northern section of the Shakespeare quadrangle and is relatively large for a Mercurian crater with a low rim and shallow floor.
 Trzcińskie [ˈtʂt͡ɕiɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Kolno and 99 km (62 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 76.
 Al Alam Al Youm (in Arabic العالم اليوم meaning The World Today in English) is an Arabic business newspaper published in Cairo Egypt. It is the first private specialized independent paper of the country.
 Little River Band is the first album by the Australian rock group Little River Band which was released by EMI in November 1975. It peaked at No. 12 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart. The band's first single Curiosity (Killed the Cat) was released in September ahead of the album and peaked at No. 15 on the Kent Music Report Singles Chart. The following single Emma appeared in January 1976 and peaked at No. 20.
 Max is a novel by Howard Fast.
 Donoor is a small village in the Karimnagar district of Andhra Pradesh which is located in the backward Telangana region. It is a small gram-panchayat with a population of just around 2500. It is around 8 kilometers from the temple town Dharmapuri.
 Soul Food is the 1995 debut album for the Goodie Mob released by LaFace Records. Its title track was a hit single and the album included the first use of the term 'dirty south' (originated by Cool Breeze) on the track of the same name. The Goodie Mob quartet includes Cee-Lo Green Big Gipp Khujo and T-Mo. Guest vocalists on this album include Andre 3000 and Big Boi of OutKast Cool Breeze and Witchdoctor.
 Achatinella buddii was a species of land snail a gastropod in the Achatinellidae family. It was endemic to Hawaii.
 Jetalpur is a town in the Ahmedabad district of the Indian state of Gujarat. It is the location of a Swaminarayan temple commissioned by Swaminarayan himself.The Engineering College Narnarayan Shastri Institute of Technology is situated in Jetalpur.
 I Lived with You is a 1933 British romantic comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Ivor Novello Ursula Jeans and Ida Lupino. It is based on the play I Lived With You by Novello. A young woman meets a peniless Russian prince and takes him home to live with her family.
 Le casseur de pierres is a 1989 Tunisian short drama film directed by Mohamed Zran. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
 Wall Street Methodist Episcopal Church now the home of the African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at 69 Wall Street in Auburn New York United States. It is a large Gothic Revival style brick and limestone structure built in 1887. The facade is dominated by a square tower topped by a broach spire.
 Olszyny [ɔlˈʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babice within Chrzanów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Babice 10 km (6 mi) south of Chrzanów and 35 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has an approximate population of 750.
 Welcome To The Underground is the second EP from female fronted industrial metal act Lahannya. It is the prequel to the band's second album Defiance. It is a concept EP which sets out to tell the tale of how the world is being controlled by the government and how anyone wanting to carry out an alternative lifestyle is forced into the shadows.
 The basilica of San Vincenzo in Prato is a church in Milan northern Italy. It is the only one in city which has entirely maintained its original Palaeo-Christian appearance.
 Paper Boys is a 2009 American coming-of-age film directed by Bryan E. Hall MPW A teen bunch of door-to-door salesmen deal with the issues of Sean a 17 year old suffering from drug use sexual confusion and family dysfunction. This film deals comically and seriously with the timely issue of bi-curiosity.Winner of 4 Accolade Awards for Feature Film 2009 Post Production Editing and Supporting Actor and 1 Indy Award for Feature Film 2009Paper Boys - IMDB
 The Mission Times Courier is a monthly community newspaper published in San Diego California by Mission Publishing Group LLC. The newspaper was founded May 11 1995 by Sally and Jim Madaffer. The Mission Times Courier carries news of local community interest covering the San Diego communities of Allied Gardens College Del Cerro Grantville Rolando and San Carlos.
 Wimbleball Lake on Exmoor in Somerset England is a water supply reservoir constructed in the 1970s and completed in 1979. The 161 feet (49 m) high dam is of concrete buttress construction and impounds the River Haddeo to provide a water storage capacity of some 21000 megalitres over an area of 374 acres (1.51 km2). Aggregate for the dam came from a quarry at Bampton and sand from Uffculme.
 The Canary Trainer: From the Memoirs of John H. Watson is a 1993 Sherlock Holmes pastiche by Nicholas Meyer. Like The Seven Percent Solution and The West End Horror The Canary Trainer was published as a lost manuscript of the late Dr. John H. Watson.
 Złota is a river of Poland a tributary of the San which it meets in the south-eastern village of Kuryłówka.
 Jintara Poonlarp 12 is a luk thung and mor lam album by the Thai singer Jintara Poonlarp. First released on the Grammy Entertainment label it was the 12th album in her first series of recordings and her 12th original album.
 Kławki [ˈkwafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Pole within Malbork County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Stare Pole 13 km (8 mi) east of Malbork and 53 km (33 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 126.
 Szűr is a village in Baranya county Hungary.
 Windy Pass elevation 9957 ft (3035 m) is a mountain pass in the San Juan Mountains of Colorado. The pass is in the San Juan National Forest southwest of Wolf Creek Pass.
 Xala is a 1973 novel by Ousmane Sembène. It is about El Hadji Abdou Kader Beye a businessman who is struck by impotence on the night of his wedding to his third wife. It was adapted into a movie also called Xala and directed by Sembene.
 Michael Dennis Blanch TD (born c. 1947) is a British diplomat who served as Chief Executive of the Falkland Islands from January 2000 to March 2003 and again as interim Chief Executive from 12 September 2007 to 3 January 2008.Blanch studied economics at university gaining a PhD in 1975 and was a member of the Territorial Army for 26 years.
 Kumbarganvi is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Angela Angie Lavinia Bray (born 13 October 1953) is a British Conservative Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Ealing Central and Acton since 2010.
 Calyptratae is a subsection of Schizophora in the insect order Diptera commonly referred to as the calyptrate muscoids (or simply calyptrates). It consists of those flies which possess a calypter that covers the halteres among which are some of the most familiar of all flies such as the house fly.
 Gamu the Armored Soldier (甲冑の戦士雅武 Kacchū no Senshi Gamu) is a Japanese manga series by Yoshihiro Takahashi which was serialized in the magazine Monthly Shōnen Jump.
 The Ohio River which streams westward from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania to Cairo Illinois is the largest tributary by volume of the Mississippi River in the United States. At the confluence the Ohio is even bigger than the Mississippi river (Ohio at Cairo: 281500 cu ft/s (7960 m3/s); Mississippi at Thebes: 208200 cu ft/s (5897 m3/s)) and thus is hydrologically the main stream of the whole river system including the Allegheny River further upstream.
 The NeverEnding Story III: Escape from Fantasia (also known as: The NeverEnding Story III: Return to Fantasia) is a 1994 film and the second sequel to the fantasy film The NeverEnding Story (following the first sequel The NeverEnding Story II: The Next Chapter). It starred Jason James Richter as the principal character Bastian Bux and Jack Black in one of his early roles as the protagonist's tormentor the school bully Slip.
 Tal-e Chegah (Persian: تل چگاه‎ also Romanized as Tal-e Chegāh) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 93 in 14 families.
 Etheostoma smithi the slabrock darter is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States. It occurs in the drainages of the lower Cumberland River and the lower Tennessee River in the states of Kentucky and Tennessee. It inhabits rocky pools in smaller rivers and streams and along the rocky margins of larger streams and bodies of water. This species preys on insect larvae and extremely small crustaceans.
 Sympistis chorda is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from British Columbia south to California. It was formerly known as Oncocnemis chorda but was transferred to the Sympistis genus in 2008.The wingspan is about 32 mm.
 Leptostylus palliatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1874.
 Aphthona is a genus of beetle in the leaf beetle family Chrysomelidae native to Europe and Asia. More specifically Aphthona are flea beetles meaning they have enlarged hind legs for jumping away from potential danger.There are 135 species known from the Palaearctic region.This flea beetle genus is important because of the usefulness of some species in controlling leafy spurge a major invasive weed in parts of western North America.
 The Park Addition School at 1100 Richardson Court in Cheyenne Wyoming was built in 1921. It was designed by architect Frederick Hutchinson Porter. It has also been known as the Chaplin School. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The Park Addition School was open From 1921 to 1977 before it was sold by the school district and became a Daycare in the Early 1980's. As of today the property is vacant and privately owned.
 St. Josaphat Cathedral is a Ukrainian Catholic cathedral in McCauley Edmonton Alberta one of the best examples of Byzantine Rite church architecture in Canada. It is the seat of the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Edmonton and has been a cathedral (the seat of a bishop) since 1948.
 Shon the Piper is a 1913 American silent short historical romantic drama film directed by Otis Turner and starring Robert Z. Leonard. The film also features Lon Chaney in a supporting role as a Scottish clansman. The film is now considered lost.
 Richard Henry Bayard (September 26 1796 – March 4 1868) was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington in New Castle County Delaware. He was a member of the Whig Party who served as the first Mayor of Wilmington Chief Justice of the Delaware Superior Court and as U.S. Senator from Delaware.
 Bite Your Tongue is the debut solo album by Australian singer-songwriter Tiffani Wood. It was released in Australia on 14 October 2006 through Wood's own independent record label Mudhoney Records.
 Köprücük Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan Ardahan Province Turkey.
 Bob Loughman born 8 March 1961 is a ni-Vanuatu politician.A member of the Vanua'aku Pati he was first elected to Parliament as MP for Tanna in the general election on 6 July 2004. He was re-elected in 2008 and 2012. In March 2013 following a change in government new Prime Minister Moana Carcasses appointed him Minister for Education.
 Leptodactylodon ovatus is a species of frog in the Astylosternidae family.It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Thoracolophotos is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Breakfast Creek an urban watercourse that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in Greater Western Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 Nightmare in Blood is a 1978 American comedy horror film directed by John Stanley.
 Pieszkowo [pjɛʂˈkɔvɔ] (German Petershagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Górowo Iławeckie 20 km (12 mi) west of Bartoszyce and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Bureaucracy is a political book written by Austrian School economist and libertarian thinker Ludwig von Mises. The author's stated motivation in writing the book is his concern with the spread of socialist ideals and the increasing bureaucratization of economic life.
 Broken Bells is the self-titled debut album from Broken Bells consisting of James Mercer of indie rock band The Shins with producer and multi-instrumentalist Brian Burton (aka Danger Mouse) and was released on March 9 2010.In 2011 Broken Bells was nominated for Best Alternative Music Album at the 53rd Grammy Awards.
 Only Fade Away is a 1954 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
 Musurgina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Lobesiodes is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Sonia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 David W. Stevens is an American politician and a Republican member of the Arizona House of Representatives representing District 14 since January 14 2013. Stevens served consecutively from January 2009 until January 14 2013 in the District 25 seat.
 John Cotting House is a historic house at 74 Main Street in Marlborough Massachusetts.The Greek Revival house was built in 1851. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The John Cotting House is currently the location for the law offices of Stephen G. Morte Joseph J. Connolly and Sem Aykanian.
 Common names: Woodlizards Wood lizards.[citation needed]Enyalioides is a genus of lizard from the Hoplocercidae family found in the northern part of South America and Panama.
 Međurječje (Cyrillic: Међурјечје) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Munir Udit Zadu Nehru Butt CMG (born 1940) is a former senior British diplomat and academic who was an economic and foreign policy advisor to various British Prime-Ministers.
 Milind Deora (born 4 December 1976) is a Member of the 15th Lok Sabha the lower house of Parliament of India from the Mumbai South constituency. Deora is the Minister of State with the Ministry of Information Technology and Communications and the Minister of State with the Ministry of Shipping within the Government of India.Deora is one of the youngest members of the current Lok Sabha. He became MP at the age of 27.
 The Magician is a 1900 American silent film produced by Thomas A. Edison's Edison Manufacturing Company. According to the Edison film catalog the film originally was sold to theaters for $9.00. This film exemplifies the strong links between early film and magic; the 1900 Edison film catalog alone contained several trick films including Ching Ling Foo Outdone The Clown and the Alchemist Congress of Nations and Hooligan Assists the Magician.
 Ignasin [iɡˈnaɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice within Krasnystaw County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 The William J. and Lizzie Cullimore House at 396 W. 1600 N. in Orem Utah United States was built in approximately 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1998. The listing included two contributing buildings.At the time of its NRHP listing it was one of only six similar houses remaining in Orem.
 Locus Solus is a 1914 French novel by Raymond Roussel.
 Pitcher-Plants of Borneo is a monograph by Anthea Phillipps and Anthony Lamb on the tropical pitcher plants of Borneo. It was first published in 1996 by Natural History Publications (Borneo) in association with the Royal Botanic Gardens Kew and the Malaysian Nature Society. An updated and much expanded second edition was published in 2008 as Pitcher Plants of Borneo with Ch'ien Lee as co-author.
 Ana Hernandez Luna is a member of the Texas House of Representatives representing the 143rd District.
 Not to be confused with Infernal Affairs the 2002 Hong Kong crime-thriller film nor its prequel and sequel.Infernal Affairs is the debut album by the Danish dance act Infernal released in 1998 in Denmark. It became an unexpected success selling more than 80000 copies (two-times platinum). The album was awarded Danish Upfront Dance Release of the Year at the 1999 Danish Grammy Awards.
 The Holy Cross Church (Finnish: Pyhän Ristin kirkko) in Hattula Finland is the oldest church in the former Tavastia (Häme) province.Archaeologist and art history professor Markus Hiekkanen has shown that construction of the current brick building spanned the period from 1472 to 1490 and that the building did not date to the 14th century as previously thought.Unique for having been built almost entirely of brick rather than stone the church was a popular pilgrimage destination during the Middle Ages. 
 The Joseph E. Hall House is a privately owned residential house located at 210 South Oneida Street in the city of Tecumseh in Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic State and listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 13 1986. It is located just around the corner from the George J. Kempf House.The house was built in as early as 1870 for Joseph E. Hall a local jeweler and instrument maker.
 Dave is a 1993 comedy-drama film directed by Ivan Reitman written by Gary Ross and starring Kevin Kline and Sigourney Weaver. Frank Langella Kevin Dunn Ving Rhames and Ben Kingsley appear in supporting roles.
 Intuit is Kurt Rosenwinkel's second album as a band leader.
 Pacific Banana is a 1981 Australian sex comedy film which reunites the star and writer of Alvin Purple.
 METRO Church is a Pentecostal church affiliated with Australian Christian Churches (the Australian branch of the Assemblies of God) and located on the Gold Coast Queensland Australia.
 The British edition of the American magazine Men's Health was launched in February 1995 with a separate editorial team and is the best-selling monthly men's magazine in the United Kingdom selling more than GQ and Esquire put together. The magazine focuses on topics such as fitness sex relationships health weight loss nutrition fashion technology and style.
 Lodela is a 1996 dance film directed by Philippe Baylaucq and produced in Montreal by the National Film Board of Canada. The film received eight awards including Best Short Documentary at the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival and a Special Jury Citation for its formal beauty and poetic cinematic construction at the Toronto International Film Festival.
 Bandhuwan is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4112.
 The Catholic Historical Review is the official organ of the American Catholic Historical Association. It was founded at The Catholic University of America in 1915 and is published by The Catholic University of America Press. The journal publishes articles and book reviews received in all areas of ecclesiastical history.
 Strumienno [struˈmjɛnnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krosno Odrzańskie within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Krosno Odrzańskie and 36 km (22 mi) west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 The Someșul Cald River is a headwater of the Someşul Mic River in Romania. It joins the Someșul Rece River in Lake Gilău.Lakes Mărişelu Tarniţa and Someşul Cald are located on this river.The Tarniţa - Lăpuşteşti Hydropower Plant began construction on the river on June 15 2008.
 We Interrupt This Program... is a 1975 play by Norman Krasna.
 Total Strife Forever is the debut album by the electronic musician East India Youth. It was released on January 13 2014 by Stolen Recordings.
 Return of the Bad Men is a 1948 American western film directed by Ray Enright and starring Randolph Scott Robert Ryan and Anne Jeffreys. The film was also released with the alternative title Return of the Badmen. It was a loose sequel to the 1946 film Badman's Territory and was followed by Best of the Badmen (1951).
 A Honeymoon Adventure is a 1931 British thriller film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Benita Hume Peter Hannen and Harold Huth. Written in collaboration by Rupert Downing and Basil Dean it follows a brilliant scientist and his wife who go on honeymoon to Scotland where they are nearly kidnapped by agents of a foreign power. The film was shot at Beaconsfield Studios. Location shooting including the railway scenes took place in Scotland.
 Eshqabad (Persian: عشق اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eshqābād) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 331 in 89 families.
 The Oriental Apartments in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a two-story multi-family dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in the Tudor Revival style in 1926 it was added to the register in 1992.Constructed by Curtis A. Gardner an engineer and contractor for C.E.
 Face the Nation is the third and final album by hip-hop duo Kid 'n Play. It was released on September 24 1991 on Select Records and produced by Eric Quicksilver Johnson Christopher Play Martin Pete Rock and Hurby Luv Bug. This title of the last album was inspired by the CBS Sunday morning talk show of the same name which starred television journalist Bob Schieffer.
 Janinów [jaˈninuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Dzierzkowice-Góry [d͡ʑɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzkowice within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 The Dotted Graylet (Hyperstrotia pervertens) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in woodlands and forests from Missouri to Nova Scotia south to Florida and Texas. It is found in New Brunswick Nova Scotia Quebec and Ontario in Canada. In the United States it has been recorded from Massachusetts Iowa New York and South Carolina.The wingspan is about 16 mm. There is one principal generation.The larvae feed on beech and oak.
 Yellow Hair (노랑머리 Norang Meori) is a 1999 South Korean film written and directed by Kim Yu-min and starring former child actress Lee Jae-eun. The film caused controversy for its strong sexual content and was only approved for release after some of the more explicit material was cut. The film's English title is sometimes given as The Blonde.A sequel Yellow Hair 2 was released in 2001.
 Private Account (April 26 1976 - November 25 2004) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse whose wins included the Grades 1 Gulfstream Park and Widener Handicaps under jockey Jeffrey Fell.
 Laleta is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Jefferson Franklin Jackson House commonly known as the Jackson-Community House is a historic Italianate-style house in Montgomery Alabama. It was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on July 21 1978 and to the National Register of Historic Places on May 17 1984.
 The Race a political thriller written by Richard North Patterson. It is set during the 2008 presidential election and revolves around fictional Ohioan Senator Corey Grace and his quest to become the Republican nominee for President of the United States. The Race is found in over 1500 libraries according to WorldCat.Main Characters:Corey Grace:Senator from OhioRepublicanWas a fighter pilot in the beginning of the book. He became a POW and was later awarded the purple heart.
 Buchanan Rides Alone is a 1958 American Western film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Randolph Scott Craig Stevens and Barry Kelley. Based on the 1956 novel The Name's Buchanan by Jonas Ward the film is about a Texan returning home with enough money to start his own ranch. When he stops in the crooked town of Agry he is robbed and framed for murder.[citation needed]
 Heavy Metal Parking Lot is a video documentary short produced by Jeff Krulik and John Heyn in 1986.
 Aphomia vinotincta is a species of snout moths in the genus Aphomia. It was described by Hampson in 1908 and is known from Sri Lanka and India.
 The Center Depot is a historic railway station at 57 Water Street (MA 129) in Wakefield Massachusetts. The Queen Anne style depot was built in 1900 on the Boston and Maine Railroad's Wakefield to Newburyport line. The depot was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. As of 2008 the former depot serves as a restaurant.
 The Kyle Building (also known as Kyle Block) was built in 1933 as a storefront. It is located at 215 Orleans St. in downtown Beaumont Texas. The building contains 11 stores and has two story offices at both ends of the building. It is an excellent example of Zig-Zag Art Deco architecture. It is located at the site of the Kyle Opera house which was demolished in 1931.
 Final Approach is a thriller movie released in 1991.The SR-71 Blackbird spy plane is featured in the film. Final Approach was also one of the films to use Cinema Digital Sound.
 Madeleine Meilleur (born November 22 1948) is a politician in Ontario Canada. She is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario and is a cabinet minister in the government of Premier Kathleen Wynne.
 Robert Pyle Robinson (March 28 1869 – March 4 1939) was an American banker and politician from Wilmington in New Castle County Delaware. He was a member of the Republican Party who served as Governor of Delaware.
 Darkness Falls is a 1999 drama film by John Howlett very loosely adapted from N. J. Crisp's psychological thriller Dangerous Obsession and directed by Gerry Lively.N. J. Crisp's name does not appear on the films credits.The film was shot in late 1997 on the Isle of Man.
 Zgniłobłoty [zɡniwɔˈbwɔtɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Brodnica and 50 km (31 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 The Rankin River is a river in the town of South Bruce Peninsula Bruce County in southwestern Ontario Canada which flows from the east side of the Bruce Peninsula to join the Sauble River near Sauble Falls Provincial Park on the west side. The river is in the Lake Huron drainage basin and was named after Charles Rankin who first surveyed the Bruce Peninsula.
 Himganga is a village development committee in Ramechhap District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3793 people living in 631 individual households.
 Marlene Johnson (born January 11 1946) was the 42nd Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota and the first woman to hold that office. She was elected as the running mate of Governor Rudy Perpich and held the position from 1983 – 1991.Marlene Johnson was born and raised in Braham Minnesota.
 Festubert Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named after Festubert a village in France.
 The Heart's Cry (French: Le Cri du coeur) is a 1994 Burkinabé/French drama film directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo.
 Schlücht is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Orontobia mooseri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Freina in 1997. It is found in Tibet.
 Animal Crackers is a 1930 Marx Brothers comedy film in which mayhem and zaniness ensue when a valuable painting goes missing during a party in honor of famed African explorer Captain Spaulding. A critical and commercial success on its initial release filming took place at Astoria Studios in Astoria Queens; it was the second of two films the Brothers would make in New York.
 Central Tower is a 91 m (299 ft) 21-story office building at Market and Third Streets in San Francisco California. The building has undergone numerous renovations since its completion in 1898 as the Call Building and later the Spreckels Building.
 Diana E. Murphy born in 1934 is a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
 John Crawford (June 17 1856 – May 31 1928) was a Canadian politician.Born in Kintail Huron County Ontario the son of James Crawford and Catherine McGregor Crawford received his education in the Port Albert public school and after spending six years in a flour mill in Port Albert moved to Gladstone Manitoba.
 Cichostów [t͡ɕiˈxɔstuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milanów within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Parczew and 52 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Polytremariidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005). This family has no subfamilies.
 En Vivo – Gira 2004–2005 is a documentary of the live concert and history by Chilean band Kudai released by Warner Bros. Records. It was released on 13 December 2005 in Chile. The DVD includes all music videos from their debut album Vuelo a documentary and a bonus CD containing previously unreleased material and the live concert of their tour.
 Rača is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 247 people.
 Lago di Tovel is a lake in Trentino Italy. At an elevation of 1178 m its surface area is 0.38 km².The lake has been recognised as a wetland of international importance under the Ramsar Convention in 1980.
 Yaribieh (Persian: يربيعي‎ also Romanized as Yaribi‘eh; also known as Yorbī‘ī Yorebey‘ī Yowrabī‘eh and Yowraybīyeh) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 Do Your Duty is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine.
 Acrobasis automorpha is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Meyrick in 1886. It is found in New Guinea.
 Show Your Glory was the second studio-recorded album released by Hillsong Music Australia.
 Angels in the Outfield (known simply as Angels in some countries) is a 1994 remake of the 1951 film of the same name.
 Menawali (मेणवली) is a village about three kilometres from Wai in Satara district and is known fora Peshwa era Wada (Fortified Mansion) built by Nana Fadnavis the great Maratha statesman of the Peshwa period.Bhavan Rao Trymbak Pant-Pratinidhi of Aundh and Raghunath Ghanshyam Mantri (Satara) bestowed the village of Menawali to Nana Fadnavis in December 1768.
 Live At Vicar Street is a live album recorded by The Dubliners at a concert at Vicar Street in Dublin on Sunday 23 July 2006 as part of their Irish tour. A DVD and double CD of the concert were released. Ceoladh Sheahan joined her father and the band on stage for a rendition of The Marino Waltz. This was the first of the band's albums to feature Patsy Watchorn who replaced Paddy Reilly after nine years with the group.
 The Chavner Family House in Gold Hill Oregon is a building from 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Chlorognesia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 John Herbert Adler (August 23 1959 – April 4 2011) was a U.S. Representative for New Jersey's 3rd congressional district serving from 2009 until 2011. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was formerly a member of the New Jersey Senate from 1992 to 2009 where he represented the 6th Legislative District. The district stretches from the suburbs of Philadelphia to Ocean County.
 Maniyat is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala India.
 Tossal d'Orenga is a mountain of the Serra d'En Celler range Valencian Community Spain. It reaches an elevation of 1144 metres (3753 ft) above sea level.Its name means Peak of Oregano owing to the presence of the herb in its slopes. Located within the Ares del Maestre municipal term in a relatively uninhabited area close to the CV-12 road it is a popular mountain among those who do paragliding in the region.
 Höglwörther See is a lake in Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 540 metres (1770 ft). It has a surface area of 13.5 hectares (33 acres).The Höglwörth Abbey was founded in 1125 on an island in the lake now a peninsula due to silting.
 The Avon River is a small Canadian river in central Nova Scotia.A northerly flowing river the Avon River's flow rises at an elevation of 145 metres (475 ft.) at Card and Bag Lakes on the South Mountain a distance of approximately 29 kilometres (18 miles) southwest of the town of Windsor. Its meander length is 64 km (40 mi). At Windsor Forks the main tributary the West Branch Avon River adds its flow along with that of the Southwest Branch Avon to the Avon.
 Holzbach (Erft) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Héroe a la fuerza (Hero in the Force) is a 1963 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 X-Men is a comic book ongoing series published by Marvel Comics featuring its namesake superhero team. The previous volume which began publication in September 2010 and for most of its run featured team-ups between the X-Men and other Marvel characters ended at issue #41 in February 2013. As part of Marvel NOW! the title was relaunched as a new series written by Brian Wood and featuring an all-female team.
 Ambuli is a 2012 Tamil science-fiction thriller film directed by Hari Shankar and Hareesh Narayan who earlier directed Orr Eravuu (2010). The film was made in stereoscopic format making it the first 3-D film in Tamil cinema. It has also Dubbed in Hindi Under the Title Kaal Purush.
 Llewelyn E. Jones is a Republican member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to Senate District 14 representing Conrad Montana for the 2011-2013 term. Previously Jones served 3 terms in the House of Representatives. Jones holds an MS in Economics from Montana State University.
 Trophon is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Anna Elżbieta Fotyga ['anːa fɔˈtɨɡa] née Kawecka (born 12 January 1957 in Lębork) is a Polish economist politician former Member of the European Parliament and former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Poland in the successive cabinets of Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz and Jarosław Kaczyński. She was Poland's first female to serve in the roleFotyga is a graduate of the University of Gdańsk and the Danish School of Public Administration.
 One for the Road is a 2003 British comedy-drama film written and directed by Chris Cooke.
 Emanuel and the Fear is the first EP from Brooklyn-based Orchestral rock band Emanuel and the Fear and was released via Paper Garden Records in February 2009.
 Debbie Healy Hammons is a former Democratic member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing the 27th district from 2005 to 2011. Her son Nathan is the CEO of Simply Contracts LLC.
 The Dobriașul Mare River is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 What Every Woman Knows is a 1921 American silent film comedy-drama adapted form the play What Every Woman Knows by 'James Barrie. The play had premiered on Broadway in 1908 and was a hit starring Maude Adams. A British silent film version had been made in 1917 and a later American talkie would be produced in 1934 with Helen Hayes. This silent film version was directed by William C. deMille continuing his forte at adapting literary and/or stage plays to the silent screen.
 Göritz is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Lake Lesina (Italian:Lago di Lesina or Laguna di Lesina) situated in the north of Puglia between Tavoliere delle Puglie and the promontory of Gargano is the ninth largest lake in Italy and the second of the southern part of the country. It is about 22 km long an average of 2.4 km wide and covers an area of 51.4 km².Two canals Acquarotta and Schiapparo link it to the Adriatic Sea from which it is separated by a dune known as Bosco Isola between 1 and 2 km in width and 16 km in length.
 Watts Warehouse is a large ornate Victorian Grade II* listed building standing on Portland Street in the centre of Manchester England. It opened in 1856 as a textile warehouse for the wholesale drapery business of S & J Watts and was the largest single-occupancy textile warehouse in Manchester. Today the building is part of the Britannia Hotels chain.
 Rakówka [raˈkufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Księżpol within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Księżpol 17 km (11 mi) south of Biłgoraj and 95 km (59 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 541.
 The Bailey Colony Farm on the Glenn Highway near Palmer Alaska in Matanuska-Susitna Borough is a historic Matanuska Colony farmstead that dates from 1935. It was part of a New Deal program opening farms in Alaska as part of assisting overpopulated rural areas of the lower 48 states of the USA in a program conceived of by FERA architect David Williams.Also known as the Estelle Farm and denoted as AHRS Site No.
 Mount Sicker is a small mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada. It is near Crofton Chemainus and Duncan.
 Schadenfreude is the second EP released by the Australian noise rock band Lubricated Goat released in 1989 through Black Eye Records.
 The Cimbrina River is a tributary of the Șomuzul Mare River in Romania.
 Once a Hero is a science fiction novel by Elizabeth Moon. It is the first of the three books of the Esmay Suiza trilogy in Moon's fictional Familias Regnant universe following the three of the Heris Serrano trilogy.
 Orbus is a 2009 science fiction novel by Neal Asher. It is the third novel in the Spatterjay sequence.
 The Fall of Doctor Onslow is a novel by Frances Vernon published in 1994. Many of its characters are loosely based on real people sometimes with names changed.
 The Night Side is an anthology of Fantasy and Horror stories edited by August Derleth and illustrated by Lee Brown Coye. It was first published by Rinehart & Company in 1946.
 Sidzina [ɕiˈd͡ʑina] (German Hennersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoroszyce within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Skoroszyce 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Nysa and 35 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ledyanaya (Russian: Ледяная) is a railway station on the Trans-Baikal Railway in the Svobodnensky District located in the Amur Oblast near the town of Svobodny. The station has use in the construction and serving of the newly build spaceport Vostochny Cosmodrome.
 Ultradrug is a compilation of material from the Psychic TV albums Ultrahouse The L.A. Connection and Ultrahouse The Twelve Inch Mixes. The album is composed of new edits of the tracks from both releases. It was reissued in 1999 as the second CD of the compilation Origin Of The Species Volume Too! with one track differing. See also Sirens (Ultradrug - Thee Sequel).
 Lock Up Your Daughters! is a 1969 British historical comedy film directed by Peter Coe and starring Christopher Plummer Susannah York and Ian Bannen. It is an adaptation of the stage musical of the same name set in Eighteenth century Britain. It lacks all the songs from the original stage production. It was one of a number of British costume films released in the wake of the success of the 1963 film Tom Jones.
 Crystal Gayle in Concert is the name of a live album and DVD by Crystal Gayle from one of concerts released in 2005.This was one of Crystal Gayle's first live albums. It was filmed during her HBO concert and was released as a DVD and CD as a package from White Star records. Gayle was most famous in the 70s and 80s for her string of Country-Pop crossover songs like Don't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue and Half the Way.
 Jonsberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 St. Mary’s Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral located in Ogdensburg New York United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Ogdensburg.
 The Negoiu River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 Greetings from Tim Buckley is a 2012 American film directed by Daniel Algrant starring Penn Badgley and Imogen Poots. The film follows the journey Jeff Buckley took in grappling with the legacy of his late musician father Tim leading up to and culminating with his legendary 1991 performance of his father's songs. The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival on September 9 2012 to generally positive reviews.
 Yondering is a collection of short stories by American author Louis L'Amour. Rather than deal with L'Amour's traditional subject matter of the Old West Yondering contains adventure stories primarily set in the first half of the 20th century.
 Red Screes is a fell in the English Lake District situated between the villages of Patterdale and Ambleside. It may be considered an outlier of the Fairfield group in the Eastern Fells but is separated from its neighbours by low cols. This gives Red Screes an independence which is reflected in its prominence.
 Honky Tonk Angel is the 1972 debut solo album by Ellen McIlwaine following her departure from Fear Itself. The first side of the album contains songs that were recorded live at The Bitter End in New York City while side two of the record is made up of studio recordings.The album was re-released on CD in 1993 along with McIlwaine's 1973 album We the People as Up From the Skies: The Polydor Years.
 The Castle is a historic Gothic Revival style home in Marietta Ohio USA.
 456132015 is the EP by American dub-reggae band De Facto released on 1st March 2001 through Grand Royal in Europe only. It's often considered as the band's first official release as their debut De Facto was only available as a very limited pressing.The EP recorded by Robert Carranza and produced and mixed by Mario Caldato Jr. is notable for its clean production and more polished sound compared to other De Facto recordings mostly made at members' home studios.
 St Luke's Church is situated in the Borella district of Colombo the commercial capital of Sri Lanka. The church plays an important role within the history of the Church Missionary Society (CMS) on the island and is prominent within the Anglican Church in Sri Lanka.
 Lincoln Hall is a building containing a theatre and classrooms at Portland State University in Portland Oregon. It was originally home to Lincoln High School.
 Kafshgar Kola-ye Arateh (Persian: كفشگركلاارطه‎ also Romanized as Kafshgar Kolā-ye Araţeh and Kafshgar Kolā-ye Arţeh; also known as Kafshgar Kolā) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1852 in 476 families.
 David A. Bray currently serves as the Chief Information Officer (CIO) for the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) an independent agency of the United States (U.S.) government. As CIO he supports the eight current goals of the FCC in the areas of broadband competition the spectrum the media public safety and homeland security as well as efforts to modernize the Commission. Bray was named as one of the top 70 Most Social U.S.
 Exclusive iTunes EP 2 is a digital EP by Aqualung exclusive to the iTunes music store that contains two b-sides available on CD singles. When I Finally Get My Own Place from the Brighter Than Sunshine CD2 and There's A Place from the Easier To Lie CD2. Take Me Home is originally from Aqualung's second album Still Life which is not available in the United States. This is a sequel to Exclusive iTunes EP.
 Snowdrift Lake (also Murphy Lakes) is a lake in Grand County Colorado United States. It is part of Rocky Mountain National Park. Snowdrift Lake lies at an elevation of 11069 feet (3374 m) below Snowdrift Peak.
 Old Stuff Part 3 is a compilation album by grindcore band Anal Cunt. The album contains a demo recorded for a Boston hardcore compilation that was never released (most of these songs were later rerecorded for the album I Like It When You Die). It also contains songs from The Raunchous Brothers split 7 songs from various tribute compilations and other previously unreleased songs. It was released on CD on July 24 2008 and on LP in April 2009. The LP comes with an exclusive poster.
 Church of Christ (Latvian: Kristus Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca) is a Lutheran church in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia under the episcopal authority of the Archbishop of Riga. The location where the church meets is situated at the address 1 Mēness Street.
 Tarn Hows is an area of the Lake District National Park containing a picturesque tarn approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) northeast of Coniston and about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) northwest of Hawkshead.
 Metaleptus angulatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chevrolat in 1834.
 Pseudapistosia similis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1901. It is found in Bolivia.
 Anasaitis canosa previously of the genus Corythalia is a small jumping spider that can typically be found atop leaf-litter or man-made structures such as fences and exterior walls. This species is more commonly known as the twin-flagged jumping spider due to the two pennant shaped markings on the dorsal side of the cephalothorax.
 Boulengerula uluguruensis or the Uluguru pink caecilian (or Uluguru African caecilian) is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family. It is endemic to Tanzania where it is found in the Nguu Nguru and Uluguru Mountains.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Streaked Wren-Babbler (Napothera brevicaudata) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.It is found in Cambodia China India Laos Malaysia Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Ice Upon the Night is the second studio album by Finnish melodic death metal band Immortal Souls. It is Immortal Souls' first album released by the Dutch Fear Dark record label. It was released in March 2003.
 Poisoned Electrick Head is the self-titled debut full-length album by the English psychedelic rock band Poisoned Electrick Head.The album features several long tracks and a more directly psychedelic instrumental sound than subsequent albums. It also features more samples from outside sources (including the 1974 John Boorman science fiction film Zardoz and George Bush's declaration of war on Iraq at the start of the First Gulf War).
 Deorala is a village in the Sikar district of Rajasthan India.Deorala is a village in Shekhawati region. It is located near Amarsar which was the capital of Maharao Shekhaji ancientor of all Shekhawat rajputs.Deorala (or Divrala) became infamous because of the Sati incident that took place on 4 September 1987.
 Elsava is a just 25 km long right tributary of the Main (river) in the administrative districts Aschaffenburg and Miltenberg in the Bavarian Spessart. It flows into the river Main in Elsenfeld. The short section upstream from Hessenthal to Mespelbrunn is called Kaltenbach.
 Charmi (Persian: چرمي‎ also Romanized as Charmī) is a village in Estakhr-e Posht Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 6 families.
 The Grand Forks Herald is a daily broadsheet newspaper established in 1879 published in Grand Forks North Dakota United States. It is the primary daily paper for northeast North Dakota and northwest Minnesota. Its average daily circulation is 34763 on Sundays and 31524 on weekdays. It has the second largest circulation in the state of North Dakota.
 Chorthippus scalaris is a species of 'short-horned grasshoppers' belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Gomphocerinae.This grasshopper is present in most of Europe in the Near East and in eastern Palearctic ecozone. The adult males grow up to 18–20 millimetres (0.71–0.79 in) long while the females reach 24–27 millimetres (0.94–1.06 in) of length.
 Dr. Juanda Jaya is a citizen of Malaysia of Melanau decent. He was the former Mufti of Perlis and was supposed to be in office from 2009 to 2011.On 1 October 2009 he started to take a leave on the 30 of September 2009. He was also a visiting scholar for Oxford University for 10 month starting from 5 October 2009.
 The Sky's the Limit is the fifth and final album by The Dynamic Superiors released on the Venture label in 1980. It was available in very limited quantities and is extremely hard to find. This is the only recording with Tony Washington's replacement singer Tony Camillo. The sessions would later be released on CD in 2003 by P-Vine Records.
 Sparganopseustis flavicirrata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 Sajjadiyeh (Persian: سجاديه‎ also Romanized as Sajjādīyeh) is a village in Elhayi Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 27 families.
 Live Forever: The Rise and Fall of Brit Pop is a 2003 documentary film written and directed by John Dower. The documentary is a study of popular culture in the United Kingdom during the mid to late 1990s. The focus of the piece is British popular music (Britpop) which underwent a resurgence during the mid-1990s and then seemingly retreated with similar haste towards the end of that decade.The political landscape of the time also features.
 Cello Again is an album by bassist and cellist Sam Jones which was recorded in 1975 and released on the Xanadu label.
 Woyzeck is a stage play written by Georg Büchner. He left the work incomplete at his death but it has been posthumously finished by a variety of authors editors and translators. Woyzeck has become one of the most performed and influential plays in the German theatre repertory. Büchner probably began writing the play between June and September 1836. It remained in a fragmentary state at the time of his early death in 1837.
 Jason Isaacson (born May 20 1971) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) he represents District 42B in the central Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 Nizhneye Akh-Kerpi is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Gothensee is a lake in Usedom Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 0 m its surface area is 5.56 km².
 Monte Cimone is the highest mountain in the northern Apennines of Italy. It has an elevation of 2165 m and is also the highest point in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy.The mountain encompasses the comuni of Fiumalbo Sestola Fanano and Riolunato in the province of Modena. Its interior houses a military structure; for this reason during the Cold War access to the peak was forbidden.
 Christ Stopped at Eboli (Italian: Cristo si è fermato a Eboli) is a 1979 film adaptation of the book of the same name by Carlo Levi. It was directed by Francesco Rosi and stars Gian Maria Volonté as Carlo Levi with Paolo Bonacelli Alain Cuny Léa Massari and Irene Papas.The film won the Golden Prize at the 11th Moscow International Film Festival and was shown out of competition at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival. The film received the first BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1982.
 La Révolution française is a two-part film co-produced by France Germany Italy the United Kingdom and Canada. The first part titled La Révolution française: les Années lumière (The Years of Light) was directed by Robert Enrico. The second part La Révolution française: les Années terribles (The Years of Terror) was directed by Richard T. Heffron.
 Caviria is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Beggars Banquet is the second collection of short stories by crime writerIan Rankin.It features 21 stories written between 1991 and 2000. The collection features the novella Death Is Not the End which was later expanded into the novelDead Souls.
 The Dr. S. O. Richardson House is a historic house at 694 Main Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. Built in the late 1830s this wood frame house is one of the finest Greek Revival houses in Wakefield and was the home of Dr. Solon O. Richardson a locally prominent physician and real estate developer.
 Ancylosis rhythmatica is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is known from Panama.
 Zwierzyniec [zvjɛˈʐɨɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śliwice within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Śliwice 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Tuchola and 67 km (42 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 40.
 Municipal Waste is the debut EP by the Richmond crossover thrash band; Municipal Waste. Like many of The Waste's early releases it is notable for its short run time of only 7:11.
 BloodRayne 2: Deliverance is a 2007 direct-to-DVD vampire/Western film set in 1880's America and directed by Uwe Boll. The film is a sequel to the 2006 film BloodRayne which was also directed by Uwe Boll and starred Kristanna Loken. In Deliverance Natassia Malthe replaces Loken in the lead role.
 A Nosa Terra is a Galician weekly newspaper founded in 1977 and published in Vigo. It is known for its leftist stance and its closeness to Galician Nationalism.
 Morning is the fifth studio album and the first English language album from the Hong Kong English pop/Cantopop singer Janice Vidal released on July 3 2009 under record label Amusic.
 The Izvorul lui Cârstocea River is a tributary of the Tâmpa River in Romania.
 The Harmony Plantation is a historic home at 5104 Riley Hill Road in Wendell North Carolina a town in eastern Wake County. Built in 1833 the house is an example of Greek Revival architecture. In January 2008 the Harmony Plantation was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Panic in Year Zero! sometimes known as End of the World is a 1962 science fiction film directed by and starring Ray Milland. The original music score was composed by Les Baxter. It was written by John Morton and Jay Simms. Although the similarities to Ward Moore's stories Lot (1953) and Lot's Daughter (1954) are obvious Moore received no credit for the film.
 Eden Roc (1999) is a music album by the Italian pianist Ludovico Einaudi. Eden Roc is the name of a number of localities and hotels around the world.
 Love Shelby is the seventh studio album by American country artist Shelby Lynne. Released on November 13 2001 through Island Records the album serves as a follow-up to her critically acclaimed I Am Shelby Lynne which came out a year before in the US. Producer Glen Ballard mostly known for producing Alanis Morissette’s breakthrough album Jagged Little Pill as well as recordings by the Dave Matthews Band worked with Shelby on the album.
 Cults of Unreason is a non-fiction book on Scientology pseudoscience and cults written by Christopher Riche Evans Ph.D. The book was first published in the UK in 1973 by Harrap and in the United States in 1974 by Farrar Straus and Giroux and then again in paperback in 1975 by Delacorte Press. The book was also published in German by Rowohlt in 1976.
 Deh Abbas (Persian: ده عباس‎ also Romanized as Deh ‘Abbās and Deh-e ‘Abbās; also known as Den ‘Abbās) is a village in Deh Abbas Rural District in the Central District of Eslamshahr County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 917 in 238 families.
 Hochmut kommt vor dem Knall is an East German comedy film directed by Kurt Jung-Alsen. It was released in 1960.
 Whiddon Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It is 1.7 kilometres (1.1 mi) long and .7 kilometres (0.4 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 332 metres (1089 ft) about 18.5 kilometres (11.5 mi) northeast of the community of Armstrong. The primary outflow is an unnamed creek that joins the Whitesand River at a point between the mouth of Blackett Creek upstream and Whitesand Lake downstream.
 River Tud is a tributary of the River Wensum Norfolk in the East of England. The Tud's source is just south of East Dereham and it flows in an easterly direction for 14 miles (23 km) to its confluence with the Wensum below Hellesdon mill.
 Slow Wall is a 3 track EP by Fionn Regan which was released under the name Bilbo.
 Oakley is a historic plantation home located at Heathsville Northumberland County Virginia. It was built about 1820 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay Federal style frame dwelling. It is topped by a gabled standing seam metal roof. A frame two-story ell was added in 1898 and a one-story glass-enclosed porch in 1978. The front facade features a one-story tetrastyle porch. Also on the property are the contributing massive frame barn and 19th century frame shed.
 The Tlikakila River (Dena'ina Athabascan Łiq'a Qilanhtnu literally salmon-are-there river) is a stream 51 miles (82 km) long in the U.S. state of Alaska. The river lying entirely within Lake Clark National Park flows southwest from Summit Lake in the Chigmit Mountains of the Aleutian Range to Lake Clark.The Tlikakila is one of three national wild rivers in Lake Clark National Park.
 The Southern Literary Messenger was a periodical published in Richmond Virginia from 1834 until June 1864. Each issue carried a subtitle of Devoted to Every Department of Literature and the Fine Arts or some variation and included poetry fiction non-fiction reviews and historical notes. It was founded by Thomas Willis White who served as publisher and occasional editor until his death in 1843. White hired Edgar Allan Poe in 1835 as a staff writer and critic.
 Pasquale 'Patsy' Caggiano (August 31 1909 – April 13 1972) was a Massachusetts politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as an At Large City Councilor and the 49th Mayor of Lynn Massachusetts.Caggiano was orphaned as a child he went into the mortuary business and opened up a funeral parlor in Winthrop.Caggiano served on the Lynn City Council from 1950 to 1951. From 1952 to 1957 he a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
 The Sun Rises in the East is the debut album of American hip hop rapper Jeru the Damaja released May 24 1994 on PayDay Records. Production on the album was handled by DJ Premier. The album features fellow Gang Starr Foundation member Afu-Ra. The album cover depicts the World Trade Center on fire only one year after the 1993 bombing of the North Tower.The Sun Rises in the East was well received by most music critics upon its release.
 Ma′unga Terevaka is the largest tallest (507.41 m (1664.73 ft)) and youngest of three main extinct volcanoes that form Rapa Nui (Easter Island a Chilean island in the Pacific Ocean). Several smaller volcanic cones and craters dot its slopes including a crater hosting one of the island's three lakes Rano Aroi.While Terevaka forms the bulk of Easter Island the island has two older volcanic peaks; Poike which forms the eastern headland and Rano Kau the southern.
 Il segreto del castello di Monroe is a 1914 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina.
 Beck – I guds namn (Beck: In the name of God) is a 2007 Swedish police film about Martin Beck directed by Kjell Sundvall.
 Petrus Josephus Servatius (Jos) Serrarens (12 November 1888 – 26 August 1963) was a Dutch politician and judge. From 1920 to 1953 Serrarens was the Secretary General of the International Federation of Christian Trade Unions. He was member of the Senate of the Netherlands and later the House of Representatives. Although not having completed any legal training he became a judge at the European Court of Justice where he worked from 1952 until 1958.
 Sar Chat (Persian: سرچات‎ also Romanized as Sar Chāt) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Glassworks-Gabler House also known as Building 302A is a historic home located at Monongahela Township in Greene County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1810 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay vernacular log dwelling. It sits on a rubblestone foundation. It has a rear kitchen addition added in the 20th century.
 Hôpital de Verdun (English: Verdun General Hospital) is a hospital in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 4000 LaSalle Boulevard in the borough of Verdun.
 Michael Mullins (born 22 February 1953) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was elected to Seanad Éireann on the Cultural and Educational Panel in April 2011. He was a member of Galway County Council from 1985 to 2011 representing Ballinasloe. He was an unsuccessful candidate for the Galway East at the 1992 general election. He is the Fine Gael Seanad spokesperson on Foreign Affairs and Trade. He is a former human resources manager. He is a first cousin of independent Senator Rónán Mullen.
 The Otematata River is a river in North Otago New Zealand. It rises west of Kohurau and flows northward into Lake Aviemore east of Otematata township.
 Prunum cahuitaensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Xi River (Chinese: 西江) is the western tributary of the Pearl River in China. It is formed by the confluence of the Gui and Xun Rivers in Wuzhou Guangxi. It then flows east through Guangdong and enters the Pearl River Delta just east of the Lingyang Gorge in Zhaoqing. The main branch of the Xi River flows southeast through the delta entering the South China Sea at Modao Men just west of Macau.
 Greatest Hits is the first compilation album by American country music artist Earl Thomas Conley. It was released in September 1985 via RCA Records. The album peaked at number 1 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Ignatius Joseph Kasimo Hendrowahyono (10 April 1900 – 1 August 1986) is a National Hero of Indonesia and Indonesian politician.
 Kaye Mary Darveniza (born 15 February 1955) is an Australian politician. She has been an Australian Labor Party member of the Victorian Legislative Council since September 1999 representing Melbourne West Province. In the 2006 Victoria State election she transferred to the Northern Victoria Region and was re-elected. Darveniza was born in the town of Mooroopna and educated in Shepparton. She studied nursing becoming a registered psychiatric nurse in 1975.
 Darvand (Persian: داروند‎ also Romanized as Dārvand) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 5 families.
 The Million Dollar Mystery is a 23-chapter film serial directed by Howell Hansel and starring Florence La Badie and James Cruze.
 Xenormicola extensa is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Bolivia.
 Nukabad (Persian: نوك اباد‎ also Romanized as Nūkābād; also known as Nūgābād) is a village in Barzavand Rural District in the Central District of Ardestan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Pale Horse Coming (ISBN 0-684-86361-8) is a novel by Stephen Hunter published in 2001. It is his second book in the series featuring the character of Earl Swagger.
 The Krishansar Lake (Urdu: کرشن سر) is an alpine high altitude oligotrophic lake situated in the vicinity of Sonamarg less than one kilometer from Vishansar Lake north westwards at an elevation of 3710 meters. It has a maximum length of 0.95 kilometers and maximum width of 0.6 kilometers.
 The Emin's Shrike (Lanius gubernator) is a species of bird in the Laniidae family.It is found in Cameroon Central African Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea-Bissau Mali Nigeria Senegal Sudan and Uganda.Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 A pata da gazela is a novel written by the Brazilian writer José de Alencar. It was first published in 1870.
 Think of Me First as a Person is a documentary film and home movie about Dwight Core Jr. a boy with Down syndrome. The footage was originally shot throughout the 1960s and '70s by Core's father Dwight Core Sr. The footage was later discovered and completed by the filmmaker's grandson George Ingmire.The film was first shown at New Orleans' 2006 Home Movie Day.
 Aaptos kanuux is a sea sponge belonging to the Phylum Porifera.It is a newly discovered species of sea sponge and it is named after the Aleutian word for heart.
 Robert A. Bob Wieckowski (born February 18 1955) is an American attorney and politician in California. He was elected November 2 2010 to the California State Assembly from the 25th district. Wieckowski previously served as vice-mayor of Fremont and was a member of their city council.Assemblymember Bob Wieckowski was re-elected on November 6 2012 and represents the 25th Assembly District in the California State Legislature.
 Code Name: Emerald is a 1985 action-drama film about a spy for the Allies working undercover in Nazi Germany during World War II. The film was directed by Jonathan Sanger and stars Ed Harris Max von Sydow Eric Stoltz and Patrick Stewart. It was the first theatrical film produced by NBC.
 Ramón Beteta Quintana (7 October 1901 - 5 October 1965) was an influential politician in Mexico.Ramón Beteta Quintanaa was born in Mexico City Federal District on 7 October 1901 into a landowning family.He was the son of Enrique Beteta Méndez and Sara Quintana brother of Major General Ignacio M.
 The MAXXI Italian: Museo nazionale delle arti del XXI secolo or National Museum of the 21st Century Arts is a national museum of contemporary art and architecture in the Flaminio quartiere of Rome Italy. The museum is managed by a foundation created by the Ministero dei beni e delle attività culturali the Italian ministry of cultural heritage. It was designed as a multidisciplinary space by Zaha Hadid and committed to experimentation and innovation in the arts and architecture.
 300 North Meridian is a high rise in Indianapolis Indiana. It was completed in 1989 and is currently the fifth-tallest building in the city. It is primarily used for office space.
 Lęgniszewo [lɛnɡniˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Kuppathu Raja is a Tamil film is directed by Ramanna.Remake of the Hindi film Do Yaar which stars Vinod Khanna Rekha and Shatrughan Sinha. .
 The Joy of Work (1998) by Scott Adams is a two-part book the first offering recommendations as to how office workers can find happiness at their cubicle desks and the second sharing Adams' formula for creating humor based on his experience penning the Dilbert comic strip.
 Antoine or Tony Karam (born 1956) is a Maronite Lebanese politician who served as the minister of environment.
 Devineni Uma Maheswara Rao better known as Uma is an Indian politician and farmers' leader in the state of Andhra Pradesh India. He was elected to the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly for three terms (15 years) in 1999 2004 and 2009. He was elected first in 1999 from the Nandigama Constituency and then in 2009 he was elected from the Mylavaram Constituency. He is the president of the Krishna District Telugu Desam Party.
 Richard Joseph Cashin PC OC (born January 5 1937 in St. John's Newfoundland) is a lawyer and former Canadian politician and trade union leader.The grandson of Sir Michael Cashin and nephew of Peter Cashin Richard Cashin is a member of a prominent Newfoundland political family. He was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1962 general election as the Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for St. John's West.
 The Tagus (Spanish: Tajo [ˈtaxo]; Portuguese: Tejo [ˈtɛʒu]; Latin: Tagus; Ancient Greek: Τάγος Tagos) is the longest river on the Iberian Peninsula. It is 1038 km (645 mi) long 716 km (445 mi) in Spain 47 km (29 mi) along the border between Portugal and Spain and 275 km (171 mi) in Portugal where it empties into the Atlantic Ocean near Lisbon. It drains an area of 80100 square kilometers (30927 sq mi) (the second largest in the Iberian peninsula after the Douro).
 Vũ Muộn is a commune (xã) and village in Bạch Thông District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 The Ciocârlia River is a tributary of the Miloveanu River in Romania.
 Farrington Lake is a scenic freshwater reservoir in Middlesex County New Jersey near Milltown New Jersey. Created by a dam on the Lawrence Brook a tributary of the Raritan River the lake is in fact a widened section of the Lawrence Brook.
 Trapped in a Purple Haze is a TV movie about drug abuse which originally aired on ABC in 2000; its title is a reference to the Jimi Hendrix song Purple Haze. The film starred Jonathan Jackson JoBeth Williams and Carly Pope with a supporting role by Hayden Christensen (who eventually beat Jackson for the part of Anakin Skywalker in the Star Wars prequel trilogy).
 The Lauterach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Cheft Sara Kand (Persian: چفت سراكند‎ also Romanized as Cheft Sarā Kand) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 69 families.
 Living Without Your Love is the eleventh studio album recorded by singer Dusty Springfield and tenth released.
 Sosnówko [sɔsˈnufkɔ] (German: Neu Zozenow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Resko 19 km (12 mi) north of Łobez and 74 km (46 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Shawnee Peak elevation 11932 ft (3637 m) is a summit in the Kenosha Mountains of central Colorado. The peak is in the Lost Creek Wilderness of Pike National Forest west of Bailey.
 The American Ear Moth (Amphipoea americana) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from coast to coast in the northern United States and southern Canada it is also present in the Northwest Territories south in the west to California south in the east to GeorgiaThe wingspan is 28–35 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on grasses sedges and sometimes on the roots of corn.
 Cat Street (キャットストリート Kyatto Sutorīto) is a shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Yoko Kamio. It was serialized by Shueisha in Bessatsu Margaret from August 2004 and October 2007 and collected in eight bound volumes.It was adapted as a six-episode live-action drama broadcast on NHK between August 28 and October 1 2008.
 Louis-Rodrigue Masson PC (baptized Louis-François-Roderick Masson) (6 November 1833 – 8 November 1903) was a Canadian Member of Parliament Senator and the fifth Lieutenant Governor of Quebec. He represented Terrebonne in the Canadian House of Commons from 1867 to 1882.Masson was born in Terrebonne Lower Canada in 1833 the son of Joseph Masson. He studied at Georgetown College in Washington D.C. and College of the Holy Cross in Worcester Massachusetts.
 Last Hero in China is a 1993 Hong Kong film written and directed by Wong Jing. It is a derivative of the Once Upon a Time in China film series and unlike other imitations it can be considered a spin-off or parody to some extent.[citation needed] It was released after the first three films in the Once Upon a Time in China franchise. The film starred Jet Li as Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung and the action choreography was done by Yuen Woo-ping.
 Odostomia dijkhuizeni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Gouwe is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Opmeer and lies about 11 km northwest of Hoorn.The statistical area Gouwe which also can include the surrounding countryside has a population of around 210.
 Acharya is an upcoming documentary film about A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami the founder of the Hare Krishna movement scheduled for release in September 2015 in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of Bhaktivedanta Swami's arrival in the United States. It is directed and produced by Yadubara Das and co-directed by Mukunda Michael Dewil.
 Tezenj (Persian: طزنج‎ also Romanized as Ţezenj) is a village in Miankuh Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 246 in 82 families.
 Ashes to Dust is the third studio album by American musician/songwriter William Elliott Whitmore. It was released in 2005 on the Southern Records label.
 Jenny lives with Eric and Martin originally Mette bor hos Morten og Erik is a black-and-white picture book by the Danish author Susanne Bösche published in 1981 in Danish and in 1983 in English. It was perhaps the first English-language children's book to discuss homosexuality.
 Toronto Lake is a recreational lake in southern Kansas opened in 1960 and maintained by the US Army Corps of Engineers. Toronto Lake was authorized in the Flood Control Act of 1941. It is located on the Verdigris River about 4 miles southeast of Toronto Kansas. Construction started on the lake in November 1954 and it was completed in February 1960.
 The Extra is a 2005 Australian film starring Irish comedian Jimeoin.
 Ramaća (Serbian: Рамаћа) is a village in the municipality of Stragari Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 340 people.
 The Elmhurst Suburban Life is a weekly newspaper published on Fridays in Elmhurst Illinois.The Elmhurst Suburban Life was formerly known as the Elmhurst Press.The Elmhurst Suburban Life is published by Suburban Life Media and owned by Shaw Media. Shaw Media's suburban group includes the Northwest Herald Kane County Chronicle Daily Chronicle of DeKalb and The_Herald-News of Joliet.
 Sheykh Shamzin (Persian: شيخ شمزين‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Shamzīn) is a village in Targavar Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 413 in 70 families.
 Heungjeongsan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1276.5 m (4188 ft).
 The Codex Astensis is a Medieval catalog of documents relating to the Asti region. Dating to the 14th century it describes events related to the medieval commune of Asti from 1065 to 1353.
 Buenaventura Báez Méndez (July 14 1812 – March 14 1884) was the President of the Dominican Republic for five nonconsecutive terms. He is known for attempting to annex the Dominican Republic to other countries on multiple occasions. His son Ramón Báez was briefly president in 1914.
 The Tournette (2351 m) is a mountain in the Bornes Massif in Haute-Savoie France. It is the highest of the mountains surrounding Lake Annecy.It is possible to drive most of the way up parking at Chalet De L'Aulp. From here the summit can be reached via a well marked path in around 3 hours. The final third of the climb requires some scrambling but there are chains and ladders in all the difficult sections.[citation needed]
 Sir Joseph Hector McNeil Carruthers KCMG (21 December 1857 – 10 December 1932) was an Australian politician and Premier of New South Wales.According to Percival Serle few premiers of New South Wales succeeded in doing so much distinguished work. Early in his career Henry Parkes recognized Carruthers' untiring energy and ability acknowledged that if Carruthers' comparatively frail body had allowed him he might have done even more remarkable work for his own state or for the Commonwealth.
 The Ennstal Alps (Alps of the Enns valley) are a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps. They are located in the Austrian states of Styria and Upper Austria but mostly in Styria. The most famous scenery in the Ennstal Alps is the Gesäuse a valley where the Enns breaks through the limestone.
 A pancake dome also known as a lava dome is an unusual type of volcano found on the planet Venus. They are widely scattered on that planet and often form groups or clusters though with smaller numbers of pancake domes in each group than is typical for the more common shield volcanos. They are commonly found near coronae and tesserae (large regions of highly deformed terrain folded and fractured in two or three dimensions believed to be unique to Venus) in the lowland plains.
 Cymbuliidae is a family of pelagic sea snails or sea butterflies marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cymbulioidea.
 Halysidota insularis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found on Saint Lucia.
 Jógvan á Lakjuni (born 13 November 1952 in Fuglafjørður) is a Faroese politician composer and teacher. He is the current speaker of the Faroese parliament the Løgting. He worked as a fisherman in the period 1969–1972. He was educated school teacher in 1977 and worked as a school teacher in Fuglafjørður from 1977-89. This period he also studied at the University of the Faroe Islands and since 1989 he has worked as a high school teacher at Føroya Handilsskúli in Kambsdalur.
 Five Little Pigs is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd Mead and Company in May 1942 under the title of Murder in Retrospect and in UK by the Collins Crime Club in January 1943 although some sources state that publication occurred in November 1942. The UK first edition carries a copyright date of 1942 and retailed at eight shillings while the US edition was priced at $2.00.The book features Hercule Poirot.
 Hyppolit the Butler (Hungarian: Hyppolit a lakáj) is a 1931 black-and-white Hungarian film comedy of manners. It was one of the earliest full sound films produced there.In 2000 Hungarian film critics chose it as one of the twelve best films of Hungary.It was remade in 1999 as Hippolyt a lakáj (with the y and the i interchanged).The screenplay was written by prolific Hungarian screenwriter Károly Nóti AKA Karl Noti based on a stage play by István Zágon.
 The Pierce–Hichborn House (circa 1711) is an early Georgian house located at 19 North Square Boston Massachusetts. It is immediately adjacent to the Paul Revere House and is now operated as a nonprofit museum by the Paul Revere Memorial Association. An admission fee is charged.
 Hundra is a 1983 Italian-Spanish fantasy film directed by Matt Cimber and starring Laurene Landon.
 Nureyev (1977–2001) was an American-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and champion sire. As a racehorse he was best known as the disqualified winner of the 2000 Guineas in 1980.
 Chaker Bazar (Persian: چاكربازار‎ also Romanized as Chāker Bāzār; also known as Shāker Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District Polan District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 258 in 48 families.
 The Castle of Silves is a castle in the civil parish of Silves in the municipality of Silves in the Portuguese Algarve. Built between the 8th and 13th century the castle is one of the best preserved of the Moorish fortifications in Portugal the most important Moorish fortification resulting in its classification as a National Monument in 1910.
 Shiroi Heya no Futari (白い部屋のふたり literally: Our White Room or Couple of the White Room) is a yuri manga by Ryoko Yamagishi one of the Year 24 Group. It was first published by Shueisha in Ribon in 1971 making it one of the earliest shōjo yuri manga and is the story of a romance between two girls at a prestigious all-girls school in France.
 Autographa macrogamma is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the northern parts of European Russia Siberia and Mongolia.The wingspan is 36–42 mm. Adults are on wing from the end of June to beginning of August.The larvae feed on Trollius europaeus and Sorbus aucuparia.
 Pink Bubbles Go Ape is the fourth studio album by German power metal band Helloween released in 1991. It marked the departure of guitarist Kai Hansen with Roland Grapow replacing him. Musically it was written with a softer less epic and sometimes humorous approach which would be later fully implemented in the band's following album Chameleon (1993).The album contains two singles which are Kids of the Century and Number One. Kids of the Century reached #56 in the United Kingdom.
 Live is a 2001 live album by Texas based Blues Rock band The Fabulous Thunderbirds. Recorded on the evening of February 16 2000 the concert made history somewhat for becoming the first ever to be broadcast over the internet using high-definition cameras. It was also released on DVD titled Invitation Only. Some versions of the album are titled This Night in L.A..
 Lake Victoria is a 1.39 km² shallow saline lake on the Bellarine Peninsula Victoria Australia close to the township of Point Lonsdale and part of the Lonsdale Lakes Nature Reserve administered by Parks Victoria. It is separated from Bass Strait by a narrow strip of coastal dunes.
 The International Journal of Lower Extremity Wounds is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Medical Sciences. The journal's editor is Raj Mani PhD FACA (Southampton University Hospital). It has been in publication since 2010 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Red Sky EP is the companion CD to Vheissu (2005) by Thrice. It was released on April 11 2006. It contains live acoustic versions of Under A Killing Moon (originally from The Artist in the Ambulance) Red Sky and For Miles and also an AOL Sessions version of Of Dust and Nations erroneously listed as an acoustic track (all originally from Vheissu). It also contains two B-sides from Vheissu Flags of Dawn and The Weight of Glory.
 Relentless is a 2009 suspense thriller from The New York Times #1 best selling author Dean Koontz. The story follows the plight of best selling author Cullen Cubby Greenwich his wife son and family dog Lassie who are being stalked and hunted by a feared and revered national book critic Shearman Waxx. The novel was released in the US on June 9 2009 by Bantam Books.
 Ureme 8: Esperman and Ureme 8 (1993) is the eighth in the Ureme series of Korean children's science-fiction films. After separating in the previous two entries director Kim Cheong-gi and star Shim Hyung-rae were reunited in this film. This is the eighth installment in the Ureme saga.
 Samuel Axley Smith was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for the 3rd congressional district of Tennessee.
 The American is a novel by Henry James originally published as a serial in The Atlantic Monthly in 1876–1877 and then as a book in 1877. The novel is an uneasy combination of social comedy and melodrama concerning the adventures and misadventures of Christopher Newman an essentially good-hearted but rather gauche American businessman on his first tour of Europe. Newman is looking for a world different from the simple harsh realities of 19th-century American business.
 The Prairie Dog Creek Bridge near Orleans Nebraska is a historic Camelback pony truss bridge that was built in 1913. It was designed and built by Monarch Engineering Co. with its steel was fabricated by Jones & Laughlin Steel Co.. Also designated as NEHBS No. HN00-53 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.The bridge is a single rigid-connected Camelback pony truss and has carried vehicular traffic since 1913.
 The Schwarzenstein (Italian: Sasso Nero; German: Schwarzenstein) is a mountain in the Zillertal Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Lophocraspedon is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Boys is the third Korean studio album (fourth overall) by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation. It was released on 19 October 2011 by S.M. Entertainment distributed by KMP Holdings and digitally released on the same day. On 8 December 2011 a Version B edition re-titled Mr. Taxi was released. The Version B featured Mr.
 Taqab (Persian: تقاب‎ also Romanized as Taqāb and Tāghāb; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 920 in 256 families.
 Sex Tips from Rock Stars: In Their Own Words (ISBN 978-1849384049) is a book by Paul Miles that quotes answers from twenty three rock stars to many questions on a broad range of sexual topics. The editors claim that the book is the world’s first confessional by rock stars on their sexual adventures.As the rock stars share their sexual instincts urges and experiences it produces a book that is part self-help sex manual part rock music biography part humour and part erotica.
 Ibrahim Edhem Pasha (1819–1893) was an Ottoman statesman who held the office of Grand Vizier in the beginning of Abdulhamid II's reign between 5 February 1877 and 11 January 1878. He served numerous administrative positions in the Ottoman Empire including Ottoman minister of foreign affairs in 1856 Ottoman ambassador to Berlin in 1876 and Ottoman ambassador to Vienna from 1879 to 1882. He also served as Army Engineer and Ottoman minister of interior from 1883 to 1885.
 Chlorhoda albolimbata the Flashing Footman is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Peru.If disturbed adults flash open their wings revealing their bright blood-red hindwings and abdomen presumably to ward of predators.
 Il poliziotto è marcio (internationally released as Shoot First Die Later) is a 1974 Italian poliziottesco-noir film directed by Fernando Di Leo. Di Leo reprises some elements of the novel Rogue Cop by William P. McGivern. Luc Merenda later starred in two other Di Leo's films Kidnap Syndicate and Nick the Sting.
 Tarzan and the Forbidden City is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the twentieth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan.
 Gniła [ˈɡniwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dobrzyniewo Duże and 17 km (11 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 490.
 Louňovice is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Međurečje is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 156 people.
 On Food And Cooking: The Science And Lore Of The Kitchen is a book by Harold McGee published by Scribner in the United States in 1984 and revised extensively for a 2004 second edition. It is published by Hodder & Stoughton in Britain under the title McGee on Food and Cooking: An Encyclopedia of Kitchen Science History and Culture.The book provides a reference to the scientific understanding and preparation of food.
 Jesus Songs is a 2004 mini-album by British group The Broken Family Band. The songs have a unifying theme in Jesus Christ though the band themselves are not Christians.Lead singer Steve Adams told Songfacts that he wrote Poor Little Thing thinking it was about my twin sister and then I ended up realizing it was about me.
 Papilio albinus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in west Irian Jaya and Papua New Guinea.
 Marana is a village in Saarde Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Kawęczyn [kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Imielno 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Jędrzejów and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Joseph-Charles-Ernest Ouellet (December 23 1882 – January 4 1952) was a farmer and political figure in Quebec. He represented Dorchester in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1917 to 1930 as a Liberal.He was born in Sainte-Germaine-du-Lac-Etchemin Quebec the son of Joseph-Sifroid Ouellet and Marie Laflamme. In 1905 he married Marie Ferland.He was elected to the Legislative Assembly in a by-election on December 15 1917. He was re-elected in 1919 1923 and 1927.
 Antoine is an 82-minutes 2008 Canadian documentary film directed by Laura Bari. The film features a young 5-year old blind kid named Antoine Houang.living in Montreal. It tells the real and imaginary life of Antoine a boy detective who runs drives makes decisions hosts radio shows and adores simultaneous telephone conversations. Over the course of two years he uses a mini-boom microphone to discover and capture the sounds surrounding him.
 Katherine Keith Hanley (born March 5 1943) is a Democratic politician in Virginia. She served as Secretary of the Commonwealth of Virginia from 2006 to 2010 having been appointed to that post by Governor Tim Kaine following the rejection of his first nominee state AFL-CIO President Daniel G.
 Prostyń [ˈprɔstɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Małkinia Górna 16 km (10 mi) south of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 84 km (52 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 840.
 John Bright (16 November 1811 – 27 March 1889) Quaker was a British Radical and Liberal statesman one of the greatest orators of his generation and a strong critic of British foreign policy.In partnership with Richard Cobden he founded the Anti-Corn Law League aimed at abolishing the unpopular Corn Laws which protected landowners’ interests by levying taxes on imported wheat thus raising the price of bread at a time when factory-owners were trying to cut wages.
 The Lake Vlimeux straddles in two municipalities Saint-Roch-de-Mékinac and Sainte-Thècle in the Mekinac Regional County Municipality in Mauricie in Quebec in Canada. This lake is marking the former northwestern boundary of the lordship of Batiscan which was once the property of Jesuits.
 Nosratabad (Persian: نصرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Noşratābād) is a village in Katul Rural District in the Central District of Aliabad County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 563 in 145 families.
 Roques de Benet is a compact group of sheer rocky outcrops in the northwestern side of the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit Catalonia Spain. The highest summit has an elevation of 1007.2 metres above sea level.
 Sespe Creek is a stream some 61 miles (98 km) long in Ventura County southern California in the Western United States.
 Owkhchi (Persian: اوخچي‎ also Romanized as Owkhchī and Ūkhchī) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Jonubi Rural District Saraju District Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 60 families.
 Hunter in the Dark is a young adult novel by Monica Hughes first published in 1982. It is about a boy with leukemia who goes on a hunting expedition.
 Raghuva was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family it is now considered a synonym of Heliocheilus.
 Carnethy Hill the second highest of the Pentland Hills is a hill 5 km north-west of Penicuik Scotland. It lends its name to the Carnethy Five Hill race held annually since 1971 and the Carnethy Hill Running Club. Loganlea Reservoir lies on the Northwest flank of the hill.
 Leonard Rhone House also known as Rhoneymeade is a historic home located at Potter Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1853 and is a 2 1/2-story L-shaped brick dwelling with a gable roof. It sits on a limestone foundation. The interior has a traditional Georgian center hall plan. Also on the property is a contributing outbuilding.
 Pratt Historic Building is a historic building at 106 South Main Street in Cohasset Massachusetts.It was built in 1903 with private donations as the Paul Pratt Memorial Library to house the town's 7500-volume collection. The building was expanded in the 1960s and '70s. In 2003 the library moved to a new site on Ripley Road in the former Joseph Osgood Elementary School.The building now serves as the headquarters and main museum of the Cohasset Historical Society.
 Chitram! Bhalare Vichitram!! is a 1992 Telugu film directed by P. N. Ramachandra Rao.
 Year of the Dog... Again is the sixth studio album released by American rapper DMX. It was released on August 1 2006. The first singles released from the album were We in Here and Lord Give Me a Sign.The album debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 chart and number one on the Rap Charts with 125000 copies sold. It was DMX's first album to not debut at number one on the Billboard 200. As of 2011 the album has sold 344000 copies according to Nielsen Soundscan.
 Acanthops centralis is a species of praying mantis in the subfamily Acanthopinae of the family Acanthopidae and is one of many mantis from various genera that resembles a dead leaf.
 Crazy Watto is a two-minute-long fan film that made its debut on the internet in 2000. The film is a spoof of used car deal ads shown on television featuring Watto from Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace . Watto offers up for sale familiar ships (and objects) such as an X-Wing with genuine battle marks used in the Battle of Yavin for $599.99 and an AT-AT for $999.99.
 Apterostigma is a genus of New World ants of the subfamily Myrmicinae.
 Kimsachata also Kimsa Chata (Aymara and Quechua kimsa three Pukina chata mountain three mountains hispanicized spelling Quimsachata Quinsachata erroneously also Quimsachta which has no meaning in the local languages) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5442 metres (17854 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region Quispicanchi Province Marcapata District.
 Pygospila is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Malina is a 1971 novel by the Austrian writer Ingeborg Bachmann. It tells the story of a female writer and her relationships with two different men one joyous and one introverted. The book was adapted into a 1991 film with the same title directed by Werner Schroeter from a screenplay by Elfriede Jelinek.
 The Charioteer of Delphi is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence published in 2006. It is the twelfth volume of the Roman Mysteries series. Like several of Lawrence’s novels it explores a particular aspect of daily life in Ancient Rome: in this case chariot racing.
 Béla Zsedényi de Lőcse (5 April 1894 – 8 February 1955) was a Hungarian jurist and politician who served as Speaker of the Provisional National Assembly of Hungary between 1944 and 1945. He was a member of the High National Council due to his office.
 Tamaki Nami Reproduct Best is a remix album released by Japanese Pop singer Nami Tamaki on March 25 2009. The album is a compilation of Tamaki's singles all remixed. The album has some entirely new remixes as well as some old ones.
 The Parking Lot Movie is an American documentary film directed by Meghan Eckman. It was filmed from 2007 to 2010 and premiered at the South By Southwest film festival in Austin Texas in 2010. It was purchased by PBS and aired nationwide on Independent Lens October 19 2010 opening the series' 2010 season.
 Timbuktu is a 1999 novella by Paul Auster. It is about the life of a dog Mr Bones who is struggling to come to terms with the fact that his homeless master is dying.The story set in the early 1990s is told through the eyes of Mr Bones who although not anthropomorphised has an internal monologue in English.
 François Caron (1600–1673) was a French Huguenot refugee to the Netherlands who served the Dutch East India Company (VOC) for 30 years rising from cabin boy to Director-General at Batavia (Jakarta) only one grade below Governor-General.
 Shorewood is a village in Milwaukee County Wisconsin United States. The population was 13162 at the 2010 census. Howell Raines of The New York Times said in 1979 that [t]his maplestudded town on Lake Michigan dotes on its reputation as Milwaukee's most liberal suburb.
 The Harland Sanders Café is a historic restaurant located in North Corbin Kentucky. Colonel Harland Sanders the founder of Kentucky Fried Chicken operated the restaurant from 1940-1956. Sanders also developed the famous KFC secret recipe at the café during the 1940s. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 7 1990.
 The Family Jewels is a 1965 American comedy film. It was filmed from January 18-April 2 1965 and was released by Paramount Pictures on July 1 1965. The film was co-written directed and produced by Jerry Lewis who also played seven roles in the film. Lewis' co-star Donna Butterworth made only one other film Paradise Hawaiian Style with Elvis Presley. Gary Lewis & The Playboys have a cameo singing their current hit This Diamond Ring
 Strumień Godowski is a river of Poland a tributary of the Mleczna.
 Various Failures is a compilation album by American post-punk band Swans. It was released in 1999 and contains tracks from White Light From the Mouth of Infinity Love of Life The Burning World and The World of Skin's Ten Songs From Another World.
 Jonathan Jon Robert Elrod (born May 3 1977) is an American attorney and politician. He is a former member of the Indiana House of Representatives from District 97.He was the Republican Party candidate in the Indiana's 7th congressional district special election held on March 11 2008 to fill a vacant seat losing to Democrat André Carson.
 The Bippolo Seed and Other Lost Stories is a collection of seven illustrated stories by children's author Dr. Seuss published by Random House on September 27 2011. Though they were originally published in magazines in the early 1950s they had never been published in book form and are quite rare described by the publisher as the literary equivalent of buried treasure. The stories were discovered by Charles D.
 South Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house on Marcy Street and Meeting House Hill in Portsmouth New Hampshire.It was built in 1866 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The second of three 'Always New' EPs. These were originally released by Jonah Matranga via his website as downloads chronicalling the music he'd been creating in 6 month blocks. The recordings were later released on CD as a multimedia experience containing cartoons pictures and in Jonah's words who knows what else from the period in which the music was written.
 Autolycus is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southeast part of Mare Imbrium. West of the formation is Archimedes a formation more than double the size of Autolycus. Just to the north is Aristillus and the outer ramparts of these two craters overlap in the intermediate stretch of the lunar mare.The rim of Autolycus is somewhat irregular although generally circular overall. It has a small outer rampart and an irregular interior with no central peak.
 Anisolabella is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Anisolabidinae. It was cited by Srivastava in Part 2 of the book Fauna of India. It contains one species Anisolabella braueri and can be found primarily in the Afrotropic ecozone. The genus and species were first classified in 1911 by Zacher.
 Ramanella nagaoi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Sri Lanka.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Near East University Hospital is the largest and one of the leading medical facilities in Nicosia Cyprus. It is affiliated with the Near East University Faculty of Medicine.
 The Ugandan red colobus (Procolobus tephrosceles) is an endangered species of red colobus monkey recognised as a distinct species since 2001. There is disagreement however over taxonomy with many considering the Ugandan red colobus to be a subspecies (Procolobus rufomitratus tephrosceles). The Ugandan red colobus is an Old World monkey which is found in 5 different locations across Uganda and Tanzania.
 Tareeq al-Amal About this sound listen (Arabic: طريق الأمل‎ English: The Road of Hope) is a 1957 Egyptian romance/drama film directed by the Egyptian film director Ezzel Dine Zulficar. It starred Rushdy Abaza Shukry Sarhan and Faten Hamama.
 Peći (Ključ) is a village in the municipality of Ključ Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Cop (French: Un condé Italian: L'uomo venuto da Chicago) is a 1970 French-Italian crime film directed by Yves Boisset and starring Michel Bouquet.
 The Observer is the second EP by the American band The Strokes. It was released in 2003 in both editions of the album Room on Fire.The EP contains five songs including three previously unreleased tracks.
 Amarnath Peak is a mountain with a peak elevation of 5186 metres (17014 ft) in Ganderbal district of Kashmir in the vicinity of Sonamarg. Amarnath Peak is part of the Himalayas and is located south of Zojila and west of Machoi Glacier. It lies 117 km northeast from Srinagar 13 km from Baltal in the southeast. It lies 6 km south of Zojila.
 Aborolabis nigrescens is a species of earwig in the genus Aborolabis the family Anisolabididae the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera.
 Am Ende der Sonne is the second solo album of the German musician Farin Urlaub released in 2005. The title translates to At Sun's end.
 Neolithocolletis is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
 Happy Town is the third album by American singer-songwriter Jill Sobule released in 1997. (see 1997 in music). The album contained the singles Bitter and When My Ship Comes In as well as the fan favorite Half a Heart and the satirical social commentary Soldiers of Christ where Sobule sings from the point of view of a Christian Conservative to illustrate the existence of Homophobia in religion.
 The Burton Mail (formerly the Burton Daily Mail) is a British daily newspaper published each weekday and on Saturdays. It covers the East Staffordshire South Derbyshire and North West Leicestershire areas. In the period December 2010-June 2011 it had an average daily circulation of 12198.
 The Alphubel (4206 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located between the valleys of Zermatt and Saas in the canton of Valais. It is part of the Mischabel range which culminates at the Dom (4545 m). The summit of the Alphubel consists of a large ice-covered plateau part of the Fee Glacier on its east side. The west side of the mountain is more rocky and much steeper.
 Medicinemaker: Mystic Encounters on the Shaman's Path (ISBN 0-553-37932-1) is the second book in the Spiritwalker trilogy written by Dr. Hank Wesselman. The trilogy details a series of out-of-body experiences to a tribal society 5000 years in the future.
 Dead to the World is the fourth book in Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries released in 2004. In Dead to the World Sookie aids vampires Eric and Pam in their struggle against a coven of witches seeking to take over control of their area and takes care of Eric after the witches erase his memory. The novel was adapted as the fourth season of True Blood the HBO series based on the novels however with a few notable differences.
 The Rabbit Ears Range (elevation approximately 11000 ft) is a mountain range of the Rocky Mountains in north central Colorado in the United States. The range stretches east-west along the continental divide forming the border between Grand and Jackson Counties separating Middle Park (south) from North Park (north). The range connects the Front Range on the east with the Park Range and the Gore Range on the west. It is traversable at Willow Creek Pass.
 Beaufortia szechuanensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Beaufortia.
 The Mostonga (Serbian Cyrillic: Мостонга) is a river in northern Serbia in Bačka region of the province of Vojvodina a 70-km long left tributary to the Danube. Once 92 km long due to the extensive corrections and channeling of the river to make it part of the other canals the Mostonga is shortened turned into a series of channels and popularly referred to as a river there is no more.
 The Elizabethton Covered Bridge is a 134-foot (41 m) covered bridge over the Doe River in Elizabethton the county seat of Carter County Tennessee. The Elizabethton Covered Bridge was constructed in 1882 and connects 3rd Street and Hattie Avenue.
 Dziewin [ˈd͡ʑevin] (German: Dieban) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ścinawa within Lubin County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in southwestern Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) southeast of Ścinawa 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Lubin and 49 kilometres (30 mi) northwest of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Chaos is a 2008 Hong Kong action crime film directed by Herman Yau and starring Gordon Lam Andrew Lin Kristal Tin and Charmaine Fong.
 Jashu Korat is a Member of Legislative assembly from Jetpur constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
 On Snow (German: Vom Schnee) is a 2003 long poem by the German writer Durs Grünbein. It has the subtitle or Descartes in Germany (oder Descartes in Deutschland). It focuses on the life of the French philosopher René Descartes. Andreas Nentwich of Die Zeit described it as a baroque picture arc of war violence vanity and a lot of snow.
 Finbar and Eddie Furey is the 1968 debut album of the Irish folk music duo The Fureys. It includes such classics as Curragh of Kildare Come by the Hills Eamonn an Chnuic and Shay Healy's topical song This Town is Not Our Own among others.
 Jogu Ramanna is an Indian politician. He belongs to Telugu Desam Party. He is an M.L.A from Adilabad assembly constituency.
 Copelatus chibcha is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1952.
 Drossinis Museum is in the center of Kifisia a northern suburb of Athens and it is housed in “Amaryllis” villa where Georgios Drossinis lived in his last years and which is named after a central character of one of his earliest and most popular works. The museum was founded in 1997 with the aim to preserve and promote Drossinis’ (1859-1951) multidimensional work.
 Yusefabad (Persian: يوسف اباد‎ also Romanized as Yūsefābād) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 59 in 17 families.
 In March 2014 Telephone House was purchased by developer Vita which intends to convert the building into 347 ‘high-standard’ apartments. The value of the project is £35 million and the revamp of the tower will involve a complete refurbishment of the interior and a facelift for the exterior with all the windows being replaced.
 Web of the City (originally published as Rumble) is the first novel written by author Harlan Ellison. The novel follows the story of Rusty Santoro a teenage member of the fictional Cougars street gang in the 1950s Brooklyn New York. In order to research the book Ellison spent time in an actual street gang in Brooklyn.
 Dziedno [ˈd͡ʑednɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno within Sępólno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sośno 15 km (9 mi) east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Slioch (Scottish Gaelic: Sleaghach) is a mountain in the Scottish Highlands situated in Wester Ross eight kilometres north of the village of Kinlochewe. Slioch reaches a height of 981 metres (3218 feet) and towers above the south east end of Loch Maree to give one of the best known and most photographed sights (from the A832 road) in the Highlands.
 Founded in 1986 Le Magasin - Centre National d'Art Contemporain is housed in an industrial hall built for the 1900 Paris World's Fair by the workshops of Gustave Eiffel. Manufacturers Bouchayer and Viallet working in the area of hydroelectric equipment bought the iron structure and reassembled it in Grenoble France.Its exhibitions focus on contemporary art.
 The Fruit That Ate Itself is the third EP released by indie rock band Modest Mouse in 1997. The album was recorded at Calvin Johnson's Dub Narcotic Studios. Originally the session was planned to record a 7 release but it soon expanded into an EP. The track Dirty Fingernails also appears on Yoyo A Go Go a compilation album released by Yoyo Records.
 Deejay Time is a DJ mix album released in 1984 mixed by Joe T. Vanelli though there is no mention that he mixed it on the cover. It was released by EMI in Italy only.Though 16 artists appear on the album the cover acreits the album to Duran Duran Kajagoogoo Talk Talk Classix Nouveaux Re-Flex Limahl Kim Wilde Gang of 4 Naked Eyes Soho and Zu Zu Sharks.
 Double Vision is a 1992 television film directed by Robert Knights. The film was based on the novel by Mary Higgins Clark.
 The Vanil d'Arpille (also known as Maischüpfenspitz) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located north of Im Fang in the canton of Fribourg.
 World War II: When Lions Roared (also known as Then There Were Giants) is a 1994 TV movie directed by Joseph Sargent that stars Michael Caine John Lithgow and Bob Hoskins as the three major Allied leaders.It was the first video production to be produced in an early form of analog high-definition video using the Sony HDVS line of equipment expressly for broadcast in the United States on the NBC television network.
 The Gerhardt Octagonal Pig House near Gladstone North Dakota United States was built in 1930. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Românul River is a tributary of the Apa Roşie River in Romania.
 Burgäschisee is a lake near Aeschi in Switzerland on the border of the cantons of Berne and Solothurn. The lake has a surface of 21 ha and a maximum depth of 36 m.In 1941 and 1943 the waterlevel was lowered by 2 m. The current surface elevation is 465 m.
 Plutonian Ode is a poem written by American Beat poet Allen Ginsberg in 1978 against the arms race and nuclear armament of the superpowers. It is heavily inspired by Gnosticism which Ginsberg came to know after reading Hans Jonas's book on the subject. Philip Glass' Symphony No. 6 is based on and includes parts of this poem.It was first published in The CoEvolution Quarterly / Journal for the Protection of All Beings co-issue Fall 1978.
 Fairfield Plantation also known as the Lynch House is a plantation about 5 mi (8 km) east of McClellanville in Charleston County South Carolina. It is adjacent to the Wedge Plantation and just north of Harrietta Plantation. The plantation house was built around 1730. It is located just off US Highway 17 near the Santee River. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on September 18 1975.
 Atypichthys is a genus of sea chubs native to inshore waters from Australia to New Zealand and the Kermadec Islands with currently two recognized species: Atypichthys latus McCulloch & Waite 1916 (eastern footballer) Atypichthys strigatus (Günther 1860) (Australian mado)↑ 1.0 1.1
 William Fairfield was an American politician who served as Speaker of the Massachusetts House of Deputies in 1741.
 St Mary's Church Bleasby is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Bleasby Nottinghamshire.
 Iowa County Courthouse in Dodgeville Wisconsin was built in 1859. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Curveulima titahica is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Curveulima.
 The historic Brainerd Public Library is a Carnegie library built in 1904. The building is located at 206 7th Street North in Brainerd Minnesota and is in the Classical Revival architectural style using granite and brick. The facade of the building features a portico with four columns holding up a pedimented gable.
 Castillo Concejuelo is a private castle and automobile museum located in Torre Loizaga Biscay in the Basque Country Spain.
 The Hotel Vintage Plaza formerly the Imperial Hotel and The Plaza Hotel is a historic hotel building in downtown Portland Oregon United States. It was completed in 1894 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Mian Bura (Persian: ميان بورا‎ also Romanized as Mīān Būrā) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 96 families.
 The Conjugal Bed (Romanian: Patul conjugal) is a 1993 Romanian comedy film directed by Mircea Daneliuc. It was entered into the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Delphacidae is a family of planthoppers containing about 2000 species distributed worldwide. Delphacids are separated from other hoppers by the prominent spur on the tibia of the hindleg. All species are phytophagous many occurring on various grasses and some are important vectors for cereal pathogens. The brown planthopper Nilaparvata lugens (Stål) is an example.
 Named for James Wolcott a prosperous businessman during the late 1820s to the mid 1840s only the Wolcott House is original to the site. Built by James Wolcott and his wife Mary Wells the Wolcott House began as a log house and evolved into a beautiful 14-room Federal-style mansion between the years 1827 and 1836.Maumee the Foot of the Rapids of the Maumee River was an important transshipment point serving Indian French English and American traders throughout the 19th century.
 The Best Horror of the Year: Volume One (ISBN 978-1-59780-161-4) is a horror fiction anthology edited by Ellen Datlow that was published on January 1 2009. It is the first in The Best Horror of the Year series.
 Steel Cold Winter (Hangul: 소녀; RR: Sonyeo; lit. Girl) is a 2013 South Korean romance/mystery thriller film starring Kim Yoon-hye and Kim Shi-hoo. Directed by Choi Jin-sung it premiered in the New Currents section of the 18th Busan International Film Festival and was released in theaters on November 7 2013.
 Matando Cabos (Killing Cabos) is a 2004 Mexican film directed by Alejandro Lozano in close partnership with long-time friend Tony Dalton. The film was one of the most highly anticipated Mexican movies of all time mainly due to its high budget and the amount of money put into the action scenes such as the car chase through the Estadio Azteca.
 The Dunham Tavern located at 6709 Euclid Avenue is the oldest building in Cleveland Ohio. Rufus and Jane Pratt Dunham built their first home on the site in 1824 and the existing taproom was built in 1842. It is believed to be the first building constructed on Euclid Avenue east of East 55th Street and the first frame house on the street. It later became a stagecoach stop and tavern.
 Kur Shurab-e Alishah (Persian: كورشوراب عليشاه‎ also Romanized as Kūr Shūrāb-e ‘Alīshāh; also known as Kūr Shūrāb-e Soflá) is a village in Mamulan Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 28 families.
 Sentimental Education (French: L'Éducation sentimentale 1869) is a novel by Gustave Flaubert and is considered one of the most influential novels of the 19th century being praised by contemporaries George Sand Émile Zola and Henry James.
 Soode is a river in Hesse Germany.
 Midnight Predator is a vampire novel written by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes published in 2002 when the author was 18. The novel was an ALA Quick Pick and “a must-read” according to School Library Journal who also wrote that “the plot and characters are so skillfully intertwined that each one moves the story to its thoughtful ending.” Fannie Heaslip Lea’s poem The Dead Faith appears in the beginning of the book.
 Kruszka [ˈkruʂka] (Kashubian: Kruszkô; German: Kruschke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Chojnice and 94 km (58 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 148.
 Sud Khor (Persian: سودخر‎ also Romanized as Sūd Khor; also known as Galā'm and Sūd Khvor) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 91 in 22 families.
 July Flame is American singer-songwriter Laura Veirs' seventh studio album released on January 12 2010. The title comes from a type of peach Veirs saw at a farmer's market. Jim James of American rock band My Morning Jacket contributes falsetto harmonies on several tracks including Carol Kaye which is a tribute to the so named bass guitarist.
 The Rose Anthelid (Chenuala heliaspis) is a moth of the family Anthelidae. It is endemic to Australia.The wingspan is approximately 6 cm for males and 7 cm for females.The larvae feed on the leaves of Eucalyptus Acacia and Pinus species.
 Camaegeria aristura is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Uganda.This species is black and the tip of the abdomen has red-orange scales. It is similar to Camaegeria auripicta Strand 1914 Camaegeria monogama (Meyrick 1932) and Camaegeria sophax (Druce 1899)
 The Journey (Malayalam: സഞ്ചാരം Sancharram) is a 2004 Malayalam feature film written directed and produced by Ligy J. Pullappally inspired both by her short film Uli and a true story of two lesbian lovers in the South Indian state of Kerala.
 The Big Man is a novel by William McIlvanney published in 1986. The book was adapted into a film in 1986 by David Leland The Big Man starring Liam Neeson Billy Connolly and Hugh Grant.
 The Daniel Hosmer House is located in West Hartford Connecticut. The house was built in 1774 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 10 1986.
 Lycas is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 The Graduates of Malibu High is a low budget American action film starring James Van Patten Mike Norris Ernest Borgnine Richard Roundtree and Lynda Day George. It is known as Young Warriors in the United Kingdom. It was released theatrically by Cannon Films on August 28 1983. It has only been released on VHS and on Laserdisc in the United Kingdom.
 The Parkersburg News and Sentinel is the primary newspaper in Parkersburg West Virginia United States. It was formed by the merger of the previously separate morning News and afternoon Sentinel on April 25 2009.
 Rega redirects here. For other uses see Rega (disambiguation).The Rega is a river in north-western Poland flowing into the Baltic Sea. It is the country's 24th longest river with a total length of 168 km and a catchment area of 2725 km².Towns on the Rega: Świdwin Łobez Resko Płoty Gryfice Trzebiatów
 Framed! is a 2010 children's novel written by Gordon Korman. It is the third installation in the Swindle series. It is the sequel to the book Zoobreak and it is the third book in the series.
 Tân Lộc is a commune (xã) and village in Thới Bình District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Mount Slamet or Gunung Slamet is an active stratovolcano in the Purbalingga Regency of Central Java Indonesia. It has a cluster of around three dozens of cinder cones on the lower southeast-northeast flanks and a single cinder cone on the western flank. The volcano is composed by two overlapping edifices. Four craters are found at the summit.
 The Columbian Centinel (1790-1840) was a Boston Massachusetts newspaper established by Benjamin Russell. It continued its predecessor the Massachusetts Centinel and the Republican Journal which Russell and partner William Warden had first issued on March 24 1784. The paper was the most influential and enterprising paper in Massachusetts after the Revolution. In the Federalist Era it was aligned with Federalist sentiment. Until c.
 When the Game Stands Tall is an upcoming sports drama film. The film which stars Jim Caviezel as Coach Bob Ladouceur Laura Dern as Bev Ladouceur Michael Chiklis as assistant coach Terry Eidson and Alexander Ludwig as running back Chris Ryan is about the record-setting 151-game 1992–2003 high school football winning streak by De La Salle High School of Concord California. The film is an adaptation of the 2003 book of the same name by Neil Hayes published by North Atlantic Books.
 1956 is an album by hip hop group Soul-Junk. It was released in July 2000 on 5 Minute Walk. Some tracks were selected to appear on the MTV reality show Road Rules.
 Parasphaerichthys is a genus of gouramies known only from Myanmar.
 Scarred City is a 1998 action film.
 I Aim at the Stars is a 1960 biographical film which tells the story of the life of Wernher von Braun. The film covers his life from his early days in Germany through Peenemünde up until his work with the U.S. Army NASA and the American space program.The film stars Curt Jürgens Victoria Shaw Herbert Lom Gia Scala and James Daly.The movie was written by Jay Dratler based on a story by George Froeschel H. W. John and Udo Wolter. It was directed by J.
 The Dolomites (Italian: Dolomiti; Ladin: Dolomites; German: Dolomiten; Venetian: Dołomiti: Friulian: Dolomitis) are a mountain range located in northeastern Italy. They form a part of Southern Limestone Alps and extend from the River Adige in the west to the Piave Valley (Pieve di Cadore) in the east. The northern and southern borders are defined by the Puster Valley and the Sugana Valley (Val Sugana).
 University College Hospital (UCH) is a teaching hospital located in London United Kingdom. It is part of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust and is closely associated with University College London (UCL).The hospital has 665 in-patient beds 12 operating theatres and houses the largest single critical care unit in the NHS. The Accident & Emergency department sees approximately 80000 patients a year.
 Thaeides is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Now in Technicolor is the debut album by the Pakistani rock band Mauj released on April 24 2009. Singles from the album Khushfehmi and Paheliyan were both a critical hit in Pakistan.
 Blessed Are... was a 1971 album by Joan Baez and her last with Vanguard Records. It included her hit cover of The Band's The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down and work by Kris Kristofferson the Beatles Jesse Winchester and The Rolling Stones as well as a significant number of Baez' own compositions.
 Wyczółki [vɨˈt͡ʂuu̯kʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Piszczac 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 95 km (59 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Cut Your Noose was the second EP release (and fourth CD release overall) by American emo band Vendetta Red.The EP features songs that have been previously released on other CD's these include:Three Cord Valentine from the first EP 6 Kisses A Blatant Reminder of Why We Are AlivePor Vida from the second album White Knuckled Substance
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Husainābād and Khusainabad) is a village in Sonbolabad Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 542 in 152 families.
 Son of a Plumber is an album released by Swedish pop-rock singer and composer Per Gessle. It is the first album by Gessle to use a pseudonym artist name; Son of a Plumber. The album which was officially released on 23 November 2005 is a double CD album packed with deeply personal and highly inventive music according to Gessle[citation needed].There were three singles released from the album.
 Church by the Bridge Kirribilli and Lavender Bay is an Anglican Church on Sydney's Lower North Shore.
 Borki Nizińskie [ˈbɔrki niˈʑiɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszów Narodowy within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Tuszów Narodowy 12 km (7 mi) north of Mielec and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 600.
 Poebrotherium is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae endemic to North America from the Eocene through Oligocene 38—30.8 mya existing for approximately 7.2 million years.
 Wachwaqucha (Quechua wachwa Andean Goose qucha lake lagoon Andean Goose lake hispanicized spelling Huachuguacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region Huarochiri Province Carampoma District. It lies northwest of the mountains Millpu and Wachwa (Huachhua).
 Autochton is a genus of skipper butterflies. They belong to the subfamily Eudaminae which was long included with the spread-winged skippers (Pyrginae) as a tribe. They are found from Mexico to South America.
 Cymbalomia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Best of The Big Band is a compilation album from the American swing revival band The Brian Setzer Orchestra released on 2002 in Japan only.
 Sleeping Dogs is a 1995 young adult novel by Australian author Sonya Hartnett. The novel centers on the depressed Willow family isolated dysfunctional and violent. Bow Fox an artist arrives to stay at the family's caravan park precipitating a dark downward spiral.
 The Hunting Shack River is a river of Minnesota.
 Game (Telugu: గేమ్) is a Telugu film that released on 5 August 2006 and was directed by Ram Prasad. It stars Mohan Babu and Vishnu Manchu in lead roles with Shobana Parvati Melton Sumalatha and Giri Babu in supporting roles. The film's background score and soundtrack were composed by new age music composer Joshua Sridhar. The soundtrack for the movie was released on 27 July 2006. The movie is based on Hollywood Movie Changing Lanes which was remade in three Indian languages Taxi No.
 All She Was Worth is a crime novel by Miyuki Miyabe originally published under the Japanese title Kasha (Japanese: 火車).
 The Pârâul Satului is a tributary of the Tăcașele River in Romania.
 Stone House Mansion also known as the John Strode House is a historic home located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. The main house was built in 1757 and is a two story stone house with a slate gable roof. Porches were added during the 20th century. Also on the property is a stuccoed brick ice house (c. 1900) bunk house (1905) and a barn / garage (c. 1910).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Crowned Slaty Flycatcher (Griseotyrannus aurantioatrocristatus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family the tyrant flycatchers. It was formerly united in the genus Empidonomus with the Variegated Flycatcher but is now considered the only species of Griseotyrannus. The name Griseotyrannus aurantioatrocristatus means orange-colored black-crested grey Tyrannus.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Paraguay Peru Uruguay and Venezuela.
 The Lenzspitze is a 4294-metre (14088 ft) mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland. It is the southernmost peak on the Nadelgrat a high-level ridge running roughly north–south north of Dom in the Mischabel range above the resort of Saas Fee to the east and the Mattertal to the west.It was first climbed in August 1870 by Clinton Thomas Dent with guide Alexander Burgener and a porter Franz Burgener by the north-east face to the Nadeljoch and then the north-west ridge to the summit.
 The Ornate Burrowing Frog (Platyplectrum ornatum) formerly (Opisthodon ornatus and Limnodynastes ornatus) is a species of ground frog native to Australia. It was moved to the genus Opisthodon in 2006 following a major revision of amphibians and is now classified in the genus Platyplectrum [1].
 Metallanchista perlaeta is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Lebiinae subfamily that can be found in such Asian countries as Malaysia and Indonesian islands such as Java and Sumatra.
 Hardboiled & Hard Luck (ハードボイルド／ハードラック Alt: Hādoboirudo. English) is a novel written by Japanese author Banana Yoshimoto in 1999 and translated into English in 2005 by Michael Emmerich.
 Cyclophora heydena is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the north-eastern Himalayas and on Borneo and Java.
 Gruzovik Press -Russian automotive publication. Is published once a month. Tells of trucks buses and military vehicles.
 The dwarf lemurs are the lemurs of the genus Cheirogaleus. All of the species in this genus like all other lemurs are native to Madagascar.
 The Times Higher Education (THE) formerly the Times Higher Education Supplement (THES) is a weekly magazine based in London reporting specifically on news and issues related to higher education. It is the United Kingdom's leading publication in this field.
 Vrhbarje (Serbian: Врхбарје) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Save Your Soul is an EP by She Wants Revenge released in 2008.
 Coleophora brandbergella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Namibia.
 Canidia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Canidia canescens (Dillon 1955) Canidia chemsaki Wappes & Lingafelter 2005 Canidia cincticornis Thomson 1857 Canidia giesberti Wappes & Lingafelter 2005 Canidia mexicana Thomson 1860 Canidia ochreostictica (Dillon 1956) Canidia spinicornis (Bates 1881) Canidia turnbowi Wappes & Lingafelter 2005↑
 Jorge Martín Arturo Argüello (born April 20 1956) is an Argentine politician and diplomat. He served as Permanent Representative of Argentina to the United Nations between 2007 and 2011 and was designated Ambassador of Argentina to the United States during 2011-2013. In 2013 was appointed Ambassador of Argentina to Portugal.
 Richard Theodore Haik (born March 1 1950) is a U.S. District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana based in Lafayette Louisiana.
 Dust and Shadow: An Account of the Ripper Killings by Dr. John H. Watson is a non-canonical Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Lyndsay Faye which pits Sherlock Holmes against Jack the Ripper.The book is Faye's first novel and it has the blessing of Conan Doyle's heirs.
 I Justice (Czech: Já spravedlnost; German: Als Hitler den Krieg überlebte [If Hitler Would Have Survived the War]) is a 1968 Czechoslovak psychological thriller directed by Zbyněk Brynych.
 CoreaHancock is an acoustic live album by Chick Corea and Herbie Hancock. It was recorded over the course of several live performances in February 1978 and released in 1979. Corea has first billing on this album as Hancock was credited for An Evening with Herbie Hancock & Chick Corea: In Concert another recording of the same concert tour released by Hancock's label. The CD version heavily edits the final side of the vinyl release.
 Jappeloup is a 2013 French film directed by Christian Duguay. In January 2014 Lou de Laâge was nominated for the Most Promising Actress award at the 39th César Awards.
 Alkalu (Persian: الكلو‎ also Romanized as Ālkalū) is a village in Sara Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 425 in 84 families.
 Chaetostoma (Bristlemouths) is a genus of suckermouth armored catfishes native to South America with one species extending into Central America. Some species are kept in unheated aquaria.
 Drahenice is a village and municipality in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Norton Bay is a waterway classified bay located on the northwestern part of the Norton Sound on the Seward Peninsula in the Nome Census Area of the Bering Sea of the U.S. state of Alaska. The mouths of several rivers debouch at Norton Bay including the Kwik Kwiniuk and Tubutulik rivers.The name Norton was assigned in 1859 by the Coast Survey.
 The Silent Force Tour is a double DVD which was released by the symphonic metal/rock band Within Temptation on November 18 2005. In addition to the standard double DVD release the deluxe edition includes a bonus CD.The main concert features the band playing at the Java-eiland Amsterdam. Three songs that were performed at the concert were not included on the release being them Somewhere Enter and Running Up that Hill.
 A Ferret Called Mickey is a 2003 Irish short film directed by Barry Dignam about a father who tries to get his young son involved in more manly pursuits (such as rabbit hunting) by getting him a ferret.
 Kharpahlu (Persian: خارپهلو‎ also Romanized as Khārpahlū) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 134 in 33 families.
 Hulen Mall is a diverse-scale shopping mall located in southwest Fort Worth Texas. Located at the southwest corner of Interstate 20 and Hulen St the mall is in southwest side of the DFW Metroplex.Hulen mall opened in 1977 and is anchored by three major department stores and contains over 140 specialty shops and stores.The mall is owned and operated by General Growth Properties (GGP) a major shopping mall developer.
 The Basilica Minore of Our Lady of Charity (Basilica de Nuestra Señora de la Caridad) better known as Agoo Basilica is a Roman Catholic Minor Basilica in Agoo La Union the Philippines dedicated to Our Lady of Charity. It is the seat of the Santa Monica Parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Fernando de La Union under the Vicariate of St. Francis Xavier (Vicar Forane Father Raul S. Panay). The diocese of San Fernando La Union is part of the territory of the Archdiocese of Nueva Segovia.
 The Parr's Mill Covered Bridge No. 10 is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Cleveland Township and Franklin Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is a 84.25-foot-long (25.68 m) Burr Truss arch bridge with a tarred metal roof constructed in 1865. It crosses the North Branch of Roaring Creek. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Willard Lloyd Rambo (March 22 1917 – November 28 1984) was a Democratic member of both houses of the Louisiana State Legislature having represented districts in the north central portion of the state during the 1950s and the 1960s. As a native and lifelong resident of tiny Georgetown in Grant Parish north of Alexandria Rambo was a member of the Long political dynasty through his second marriage to the former Mary Alice Long (born August 1 1928).
 Reys (Persian: ريس‎) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 34 in 6 families.
 The Royal Palace at Tell el-ful stands near Beit Hanina atop a hill named Tell el-Ful (Hill of Beans Hebrew: גבעת שאול‎ Givat Shaul lit. Hill of Saul). It was intended to be a summer residence for King Hussein of Jordan who had conquered Jerusalem and the rest of the West Bank and annexed the territory after the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. Construction started in the mid-1960s but was interrupted when Israel captured the area during the 1967 War.
 William Willie Hay MLA (born 16 April 1950 in County Donegal Ireland) is the current Speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly. He attended Faughan Valley High School in Drumahoe County Londonderry.
 Ayúdeme usted compadre is a 1968 Chilean musical film directed by Germán Becker. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Almighty Thor is a fantasy action film by The Asylum which premiered on the Syfy cable network on May 7 2011 and was released on DVD on May 10 2011 in the United States. The film is directed by Christopher Ray and is a mockbuster coinciding with the release of the Marvel Studios/Paramount Pictures film Thor. The film has been met with a largely negative response from critics. Inspired by Norse mythology the film follows a young version of the thunder deity Thor.
 Devil's Tower Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. Dorothy Garrod found a Neanderthal skull in the cave. This and together with other evidence found in this cave tells us it was used as a rock shelter by the Neanderthals of Gibraltar.
 False is the second studio album by the death metal band Gorefest. It was released in 1992 on Nuclear Blast Records.
 God Bless America is a 2011 dark comedy film that combines elements of political satire with black humor. The film was written and directed by Bobcat Goldthwait and stars Joel Murray and Tara Lynne Barr. God Bless America premiered on September 9 2011 at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival and was released On Demand on April 6 2012 and in theaters on May 11 2012. The DVD for the film was released on 9 July 2012.
 Perseverance Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia.
 James Paul Lankford (born March 4 1968) is an American politician who has been the U.S. Representative for Oklahoma's 5th congressional district since 2011. He is a member of the Republican Party.From 1996 to 2009 Lankford was the student ministries and evangelism specialist for the Baptist General Convention of Oklahoma and he was director of the Falls Creek youth programming at the Falls Creek Baptist Conference Center in Davis Oklahoma.
 Richard Henry Lee (January 20 1732 – June 19 1794) was an American statesman from Virginia best known for the motion in the Second Continental Congress calling for the colonies' independence from Great Britain. He was a signatory to the Articles of Confederation and his famous resolution of June 1776 led to the United States Declaration of Independence which Lee signed.
 Vitularia crenifer is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Ravela is a remote village 18 km from Guntur City which is located in Tadikonda Mandal of Guntur district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
 Dąbrowa Łużycka [dɔmˈbrɔva wuˈʐɨt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przewóz within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south-west of Żary and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Abdulaziz Khafizovich Komilov (Uzbek: Abdulaziz Xafizovich Komilov; Russian: Абдулазиз Хафизович Камилов; born November 16 1947) is an Uzbek politician who has been Uzbekistan's Minister of Foreign Affairs since 2012. Previously he served in the same post from 1994 to 2003.
 The West Berkshire Museum is a museum located in Newbury Berkshire. Established in 1904 the museum houses various artworks and collections. The museum is housed in two of Newbury's most historic buildings. The Cloth Hall was built in 1626-1627 by Richard Emmes a master carpenter of Speenhamland for the Newbury Corporation as a cloth factory.
 Katcho Achadjian is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly. He is a Republican representing the 35th district encompassing San Luis Obispo County and a part of Santa Barbara County. Prior to being elected to the state assembly he was a member of the San Luis Obispo County Board of Supervisors.
 The Hand is a 1981 psychological horror film written and directed by Oliver Stone based on the novel The Lizard's Tail by Marc Brandell. The film stars Michael Caine and Andrea Marcovicci. Caine plays Jon Lansdale a comic book artist who loses his hand which in turn takes on a murderous life of its own. The original film score is by James Horner in one of his earliest projects. Warner Bros. released the movie on DVD on September 25 2007.[citation needed]
 St. Mark's Church in Grenoside South Yorkshire England is an Anglican church in the parish of Ecclesfield built in 1884.There is no present incumbent following the retirement of the Rev. Martin Kilner who served as Vicar from January 2009 - October 2012.One former incumbent is Rev Mark Carey son of the former Archbishop of Canterbury George Carey
 Dypterygia punctirena is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Hispaniola Jamaica and Puerto Rico and has also been reported from Florida.The wingspan is about 35 mm.
 Sztynort Mały [ˈʂtɨnɔrt ˈmawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo within Węgorzewo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Węgorzewo and 85 km (53 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 60.
 The Sound of Madness is the third studio album by American rock band Shinedown released June 24 2008.
 Hwayi: A Monster Boy (Hangul: 화이: 괴물을 삼킨 아이; RR: Hwa-i: Gwi-mul-eul Sam-kin A-i) is a 2013 South Korean film about a 16-year-old boy of the same name (played by Yeo Jin-goo) who is raised by five criminal fathers to become the perfect assassin. It takes pulling the trigger to discover his true identity after he realizes the mystery surrounding his past and his fate.
 The Eastern Rhaetian Alps (Östliche Rätische Alpen in German Alpi Retiche orientali in Italian) are a mountain range in the central part of the Alps.
 The Plains of Heaven is a 1982 Australian film directed by Ian Pringle about two men at a remote satellite relay station who contemplate their obsessions.Ian Pringle shared the Interfilm Award win for The Plains of Heaven at the Mannheim-Heidelberg International Film festival in 1982.
 Lieutenant General Sami Hafez Anan or Enan (Arabic: سامى حافظ عنان‎ IPA: [ˈsæːmi ˈħɑːfezˤ ʕæˈnæːn -ʕeˈnæːn]; born 1948) is an Egyptian soldier. He was the Chief of Staff of the Egyptian Armed Forces until his retirement was announced by President Mohamed Morsi on 12 August 2012. From 1990 to 1992 he was the Egyptian Defence Attaché to Morocco. More recently he served as the Commander of the Egyptian Air Defence Forces from 2001 to 2005.
 Filatima spurcella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from central and southern Europe to the southern Ural and Turkey.
 Karate is a 1983 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Deb Mukherjee starring Mithun Chakraborty Kaajal Kiran Yogeeta Bali and Mazhar Khan
 Grand Slam is the fourth studio album by Australian rock band Spiderbait. The album marked a significant change in sound for the band with many of the songs being heavily-produced pop sung by bassist Janet English. The remainder of the album is a mix of alternative rock (sung as in previous albums by drummer Kram) and electronica.The song Glockenpop is featured in the 2009 video game LittleBigPlanet for PlayStation Portable.
 dwightyoakamacoustic.net is the title of a studio album released in 2000 by American country music artist Dwight Yoakam. It features 25 of his songs recorded in an acoustic manner save for Little Sister which also features Pete Anderson on electric guitar. The album peaked at #24 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart and #195 on The Billboard 200.
 The Fish Flake Hill Historic District encompasses a section of Front Street in Beverly Massachusetts that includes a remarkable concentration of colonial buildings and which was notable for its importance in the American Revolutionary War. The district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971 includes properties on both sides of Front Street between Cabot and Bartlett Streets.
 Redberry Lake is a lake near Hafford Saskatchewan Canada. It is a medium sized saline lake within an area characterized by mostly freshwater aquatic environments. The lake makes up the core protected area of the Redberry Lake (UNESCO) Biosphere Reserve and is a federal bird sanctuary of the same name. A small regional park is situated at the north west corner of the lake.
 Wójcin B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Holy Trinity Church commonly known as Horwich Parish Church is a Grade II listed building in Horwich Greater Manchester England. It is an active Church of England parish church and part of the Deane deanery in the archdeaconry of Bolton diocese of Manchester. Holy Trinity Church is now part of the United Benefice of Horwich and Rivington which includes the other two Anglican churches in Horwich St Catherine's Church and St Elizabeth's Church and Rivington Anglican Church.
 Malin Kundang (Anak Durhaka) (literally Malin Kundang [Faithless Child]) is a 1971 film directed by D. Djajakusuma and adapted by Asrul Sani from the folktale of the same name. It follows a young boy who forgets his roots after spending much of his childhood at sea. Starring Rano Karno Putu Wijaya and Fifi Young the film was a commercial failure.
 The Sunday Business Post is an Irish national Sunday newspaper. It was previously owned by Thomas Crosbie Holdings. The Sunday Business Post is now owned by Key Capital Paul Cooke and staff members (6% equity for staff).The paper's first edition appeared on 26 November 1989. While the group's other major newspaper titles the Irish Examiner and Evening Echo are based in Cork The Post is published in Dublin.
 Escala en la ciudad (A stop in the ciy) is a 1935 Argentine film directed and written by Alberto De Zavalia with Carlos Aden. It was produced by SIFAL a production company run by de Zavalia and his partner Luis Saslavsky. The production company disbanded the following year after de Zavalia had made Escala en la ciudad his feature film debut and Saslavsky had completed his second and most famous movie Crimen a las tres.
 Shironamhin Shironamhin (Bengali: শিরোনামহীন শিরোনামহীন; Śirōnāmahīn Śirōnāmahīn English: Untitled as Always) is the fifth album by Bengali psychedelic rock band Shironamhin. Siren a concern of Incursion Music record label released the album in 19 July 2013 and digitally distributed by Qinetic Music.This is the fifth studio album in self-titled of the band. This album is a collection of ten tracks which is selected from twenty-five tracks.
 Bee Season is a 2000 novel by Myla Goldberg. It follows a young girl as she attempts to win the national spelling bee and the repercussions of her success on the other members of her family.
 Now That's What I Call Music! 75 or Now! 75 is a double-disc compilation album released in the United Kingdom on 29 March 2010. The album is the 75th edition of the (UK) Now! series and is available on CD and downloadable formats.Now 75 features nine songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: Bad Romance Meet Me Halfway Everybody in Love Replay Pass Out In My Head The Climb Everybody Hurts and Fireflies.
 Good Girl Gone Bad is the third studio album by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. It was released on May 31 2007 by Def Jam Recordings and SRP Records. While recording the album Rihanna worked with many producers including C. Tricky Stewart Terius Dream Nash Neo da Matrix Timbaland Carl Sturken Evan Rogers and StarGate. Influenced by Brandy Norwood's fourth studio album Afrodisiac (2004) Good Girl Gone Bad is a dance-pop and R&B album with 1980s music influences.
 Starksia nanodes is a species of labrisomid blenny native to coral reefs of the Caribbean Sea and the adjacent Atlantic Ocean. This species can reach a length of 2.2 centimetres (0.87 in) SL.
 Urlaub auf Ehrenwort (variously translated as Leave on Word of Honour Holiday on Parole Furlough on Parole Leave on Parole and Pass on a Promise) is a 1938 propaganda film directed by Karl Ritter the last of three films set in the First World War which he made during the period when Nazi Germany was rearming.
 Thomas F. Yewcic was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives representing the 72nd District from 1993 until 2008. He and his wife live in Jackson Township and have 2 children. He retired prior to the 2008 election and was succeeded by Democrat Frank Burns.
 Bharatsinh Solanki is a politician who as of October 2012 holds the office of Minister of State for Union Minister of State for Drinking Water and Sanitation(Independent Charge) in the Government of India. His previous posts include that of Minister of State for Power. He is a member of the Indian National Congress political party.
 Without You is the third album by British singer-songwriter Sami Yusuf released in London on 17 January 2009 following the release of his first chart-topping albums Al-Mu'allim and My Ummah.
 Raise the Pressure is Electronic's second album released in July 1996.
 Madhouse is a 1974 British horror film directed by Jim Clark for Amicus Productions in association with American International Pictures. It stars Vincent Price Natasha Pyne Peter Cushing Robert Quarry Adrienne Corri and Linda Hayden.
 The Wedding of Zein (Arabic: عرس الزين‎ translit. Urs Al-Zayn) is a 1976 Kuwaiti drama film directed by Khalid Al Siddiq. It is based on the novel of the same name. The film was selected as the Kuwaiti entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 51st Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The National Historical Fire Foundation (Hall of Flame) is a museum dedicated to the historical preservation of fire fighting equipment used through the years around the world.The museum has five exhibit bays and the National Firefighting Hall of Heroes gallery. The equipment is grouped as: Hand & Horse Drawn (1725–1908); Motorized Apparatus (1897–1948); Motorized Apparatus (1918–1968); Motorized Apparatus (1919–1950) and Wildland Firefighting.
 Shri Ram Vanvas is a 1977 Bollywood drama film directed by Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao. It is the sequel to the film Sita Swayamvar.
 Mel Bay's Deluxe Encyclopedia of Guitar Chords also known as the Encyclopedia of Guitar Chords or Deluxe Guitar Chord Encyclopedia is a best-selling encyclopedia of guitar chords first published by Mel Bay in 1971. It is a staple in the study and teaching of guitar.The encyclopedia contains 324 different chord types; 27 in each of the 12 keys with thousands of shapes and inversions.
 Coldstream River a watercourse of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Rivers district of New South Wales Australia.
 Żakowice [ʐakɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kutno and 46 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 70.
 Odostomia callimorpha is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Mecyna asinalis sometimes known as the Madder Pearl is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in west and southern Europe including Ireland Britain the Iberian Peninsula France Germany Switzerland Italy Albania Croatia Greece and Sicily Sardinia Malta Madeira Corsica the Azores and the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 25–29 mm. The moth flies from May to October depending on the location.
 L'arma is a 1978 Italian film. It stars Claudia Cardinale.
 South Arkansas River is a 24.5-mile-long (39.4 km) tributary of the Arkansas River that flows from a source near Monarch Pass in the Sawatch Range of southern Colorado. It joins the Arkansas just south of Salida Colorado.
 God's Debris: A Thought Experiment is a 2001 novella by Dilbert creator Scott Adams.God's Debris espouses a philosophy based on the idea that the simplest explanation tends to be the best (a corruption of Occam's Razor).
 Kanjinchō (勧進帳 The Subscription List) is a Japanese kabuki play by Namiki Gohei III based on the Noh play Ataka. It is one of the most popular plays in the modern kabuki repertory.Belonging to the repertories of the Naritaya and Kōritaya guilds the play was first performed in March 1840 at the Kawarazaki-za in Edo. Ichikawa Ebizō V Ichikawa Kuzō II and Ichikawa Danjūrō VIII played the leading roles of Benkei Togashi and Yoshitsune respectively.
 Deh-e Shir-e Sofla (Persian: ده شير سفلي‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Shīr-e Soflá and Deh Shīr-e Soflá; also known as Ardh-i-Shīr Dehshīr Deh Shīr-e Pā’īn Dehshīr-e Soflá Deshīr Pā’īn Deshīr Soflā and Karagez) is a village in Qoltuq Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 81 in 20 families.
 The Grand Concourse Apartments is a historic site in Miami Shores Florida built in 1926. It is located at 421 Grand Concourse. On December 2 1985 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was designed by Robert L. Weed.
 Béla Mezőssy (13 November 1870 – 19 January 1939) was a Hungarian politician who served as Secretary of Agriculture from 1906 to 1910 and Minister of Agriculture between 1917 and his retirement in 1918.
 The Quest of the Missing Map is the nineteenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1942 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Mildred Wirt Benson.
 General Owoye Andrew Azazi CFR FSS MSS DSS GSS psc(+) fwc (retired) (1 February 1952 – 15 December 2012)has been the National Security Adviser to President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria. He was also former Chief of Defence Staff (CDS) of Nigeria. Former President Chief Olusegun Obasanjo made this appointment.General Azazi also served as the Chief of Army Staff (COAS) between 2006 and 2007. He replaced General Martin Luther Agwai.
 The New Indian Express is an Indian English-language broadsheet daily newspaper published by the Express Publications and based in Chennai. It was founded in 1932 as the Indian Express under the ownership of Chennai-based P. Varadarajulu Naidu. In 1991 following the death of the then owner Ramnath Goenka the Goenka family split the group into two separate companies. Initially the two groups shared the Indian Express title and editorial and other resources.
 Printemps et autres saisons is the title of a collection of short stories written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .
 Manhattan Tower was a Patti Page LP album issued by Mercury Records as catalog number MG-20226 in 1956. It is her version of Gordon Jenkins' popular 1948/1956 Manhattan Tower suite.The album was reissued combined with the 1956 Patti Page album You Go to My Head in compact disc format by Sepia Records on September 4 2007.
 Michael L. Connor is the current United States Deputy Secretary of the Interior.
 Ljutovnica is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village had a population of 190 people.
 Wyscig pokoju – Warszawa-Berlin-Praga is a Polish-East German film based on the Peace Race. It was released in 1952.
 Lyctus is a genus of beetles with a worldwide distribution being present on all continents except Antarctica.
 The United States of Leland is a 2003 American drama film written and directed by Matthew Ryan Hoge that follows a meek teenage boy the eponymous Leland who has inexplicably committed a shocking murder. In the wake of the killing his teacher in prison tries to understand the senseless crime while the families of the victim and the perpetrator struggle to cope with the aftermath.
 The Vermillion Literary Project Magazine is an award-winning American literary magazine distributed by the University of South Dakota. The journal the only literary publication of USD has been in publication since 1982 and is the culmination of the Vermillion Literary Project.The annual journal publishes art essays and short stories that center on a regional theme but make exceptions for distinguished work from world-wide submissions.
 Lista insulsalis is a species of moth of the Pyralidae family. It was described by Lederer in 1863 and is known from Lianping Guangdong; and Ningpo Zhejiang China.
 Gardi is a village development committee in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9544 people living in 1620 individual households.
 William Rufus Day (April 17 1849 – July 9 1923) was an American diplomat and jurist who served for nineteen years as a Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
 The Purple Dress is a 1918 two reel silent short film directed by Martin Justice.
 Fireworks and Darkness is a 2002 young-adult novel by Natalie Jane Prior. It follows the story of Simeon Runciman who is a firework maker and former dark magician who is caught in up in murder and magic when his enemy reappears. It is followed by a companion book entitled Star Locket which was published in 2006.
 Meat is an album by Hawksley Workman released January 19 2010 on Isadora Records and Universal Music Canada.The album was a longlisted nominee for the 2010 Polaris Music Prize.
 Grunnelbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Pterodactyl Woman from Beverly Hills is a 1997 Troma film directed by Philippe Mora.
 Brookh is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Live European Tour is the first live album by Billy Preston released in 1974 in Europe & Japan. It was recorded during his opening act stint for The Rolling Stones 1973 European Tour featuring Mick Taylor on lead guitar & Preston's own band The God Squad. In 2003 A&M Records released this album in Japan featuring alternative song takes.
 The Jacob D. Cox House is a historic residence located on Gilman Avenue in the Mount Auburn neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. An Italianate structure built in 1880 it was the home of prominent politician Jacob Dolson Cox. A native of Montréal in Lower Canada Cox settled in Ohio in the 1840s served in the Ohio Senate from 1859 to 1861 and later served as the United States Secretary of the Interior during the Grant administration.
 Ab Har Shaam Niraali Hogi (Hindi: अब हर शाम निराली होगी) is a poetry book written by Krishan Kumar Sharma Rasik in August 2011. This is a Hindi Poetry work consisting of 47 poems based upon romance and sorrow.
 Eccoptochiloides is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now the Czech Republic. It was described by Prantl and Pribyl in 1947 and the type species is Eccoptochiloides tumescens which was originally described under the genus Cheirurus by Barrande in 1852. The type locality was the Vinice Formation.
 John Naif Ellem (born July 19 1967 in Parkersburg West Virginia) is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 10 since his January 4 2001 appointment to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative Rick Modesitt. In 2014 Ellem announced that he would not be running for re-election.
 Loch Watten is a loch in Caithness Scotland in the River Wick drainage basin. The name is a tautology consisting of the word loch (of Gaelic origin) and vatn a Norse word meaning the very same found in such names as Þingvallavatn and Myvatn in Iceland and Røssvatnet and Møsvatn in Norway.It is well known as a good fly fishing loch for brown trout with the local village Watten being located to the south
 Bamboo coral family Isididae is a family of mostly deep-sea coral of the phylum Cnidaria class Anthozoa and subclass Octocorallia. It is a commonly recognized inhabitant of the deep sea due to the clearly articulated skeletons of the species. Deep water coral species such as this are especially affected by the practice of bottom trawling.
 Craspedoma is a genus of tropical land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Cyclophoridae.
 The Parramatta Female Factory in the former penal colony of New South Wales is located in the grounds of Cumberland Hospital North Parramatta New South Wales. It was one of 13 female factories in the colonies of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land. The factory idea was a combination of the functions of the British bridewells prisons and workhouses.
 The Enchained Spiritual Beast Ga-Rei (喰霊 Ga-rei) also simply known as Ga-Rei or Ga-rei is a supernatural action manga by Hajime Segawa (瀬川 はじめ Segawa Hajime). It has been serialized by Kadokawa Shoten in the magazine Monthly Shōnen Ace and collected in twelve tankōbon volumes. A prequel anime series Ga-Rei: Zero aired from October 5 2008 to December 21 2008 which details the backstory of key characters Kagura and Yomi.
 Castle is Sherman Chung's second album released by EEG Emperor Entertainment Group in 2008.
 Gyokusen-ji (玉泉寺) is a small Buddhist temple in Shimoda Shizuoka Prefecture Japan. It is noteworthy in that it served as the first American consulate in Japan.
 Peters Rest is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Great Manson Farm is a property on the northern outskirts of Monmouth Monmouthshire Wales in the Buckholt area. It is in the Manson Lane neighbourhood within the electoral division of Dixton with Osbaston. During the course of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries members of the Clarke Goode Clark Dampier and Morgan families resided at Great Manson Farm at which time the reported size of the farm varied from 170 to 200 acres.
 Qarah Owri (Persian: قره اوري‎ also Romanized as Qarah Owrī; also known as Qareh Āvar) is a village in Qezel Uzan Rural District in the Central District of Meyaneh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 235 in 56 families.
 The Hugh and Susie Goff House is a house located in Jerome Idaho listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Vonray is the debut major label (Elektra Records) studio album by American rock band Vonray released on April 8 2003. This was Vonray's last released album. Vonray yielded the band's only success: the single Inside Out.
 The Little Trout River is a 9.2-mile-long (14.8 km) river in Presque Isle County Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Lake Huron.
 Bernard F. O'Brien (March 5 1914 – January 30 2011) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania.O'Brien played an instrumental role in funding the construction of the Cross Valley Expressway in northeastern Pennsylvania. He was succeeded in the state House by Kevin Blaum a young Wilkes-Barre city councilman who upset O'Brien in a Democratic primary.
 Shibaura is Jun Shibata's 2nd compilation album. It was released on March 14 2007 and peaked at #36.
 Cerro Provincia is a mountain on the eastern side of Santiago Chile. It is a popular climb due to its accessibility and low level of difficulty by mountaineering standards (an 'F' or 'easy' on the Alpine scale). The peak has an altitude of 2750 metres (9022 ft) and a climb requires an altitude gain of almost 2000 meters from the highest road-accessible point. There is a small dome-shaped refuge shelter at the summit.
 Qeshlaq-e Yilatan ol Hurdi Dowlat (Persian: قشلاق يل اتان الهوردي دولت‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Yīlātān ol Hūrdī Dowlat) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Malon is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 La calle sin sol is a 1948 Spanish drama film written by Miguel Mihura and directed by Rafael Gil.
 Vigilant is a science fiction novel written by the Canadian author James Alan Gardner published in 1999 by HarperCollins Publishers under its various imprints. The book is the third volume in Gardner's League of Peoples series after Expendable (1997) and Commitment Hour (1998).
 Ypthima pulchra is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria the Republic of Congo Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia.
 Ancient History: A Paraphase is Joseph McElroy's third novel published in 1971. It presents itself as a hastily written essay/memoir/confession. The character Dom is sometimes described as a fictionalized Norman Mailer.The title Ancient History refers to both classical Roman Greek Egyptian and Persian history which Cy the narrator is something of an amateur expert in. It is the name for the course Cy took at Poly Prep.
 Danişment is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 154 people.
 Ilman Arvoa ja Arkkua/Kinaiδoς is a split EP by the black metal band Horna and Legion of Doom. It was released on Zyklon-B Records in 2006 as a black 7 vinyl and a 7 picture disc both limited to 300 copies. The label also released a red 7 version and a box set limited to 50 copies (25 Horna and 25 Legion of Doom) thease are considered as bootlegs as they were approved by neither of the bands.
 Ch-paa-qn (Squaw) Peak is in Missoula County Montana United States. It is west of Missoula Montana. Ch-paa-qn is a Salish word meaning shining peak.
 Azarori is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Right Here is Eddie Money's eighth album released in 1991. The video for I'll Get By is dedicated to producer Bill Graham who worked with Money on previous projects.
 Watershed is the debut solo album by Grant McLennan founding member of The Go-Betweens released under the name G. W. McLennan. The album was recorded nine months after The Go-Betweens called it quits and was released in 1991. It featured contributions by singer-songwriters Paul Kelly and Dave Dobbyn ex-Go-Between Amanda Brown (who was now half of Cleopatra Wong with Lindy Morrison) and Phil Kakulas of Blackeyed Susans. Despite this stellar line-up the album received disappointing sales.
 Baissogyrus savilovi is an extinct species of fossil beetle in the family Gyrinidae the only species in the genus Baissogyrus.
 Epermenia falciformis is a moth of the Epermeniidae family. It is found in Great Britain Fennoscandia Latvia Denmark Germany the Netherlands Belgium France Austria the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The wingspan is 9–11 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July and again from August to September in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Angelica sylvestris and Aegopodium podagraria.
 Nothing But the Best is a 1964 British comedy film directed by Clive Donner based on the 1952 short story 'The Best of Everything' by Stanley Ellin.
 Introducing Joss Stone (styled as Introducing... Joss Stone) is the third studio album by English recording artist Joss Stone. It was released in the United Kingdom on 12 March 2007 by Relentless Records. While not as commercially successful as Stone's previous albums in her native UK Introducing Joss Stone debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 selling 118000 units in its opening week yielding the second-ever highest debut for a British female solo artist on the chart.
 Matt Baugh is a British diplomat. In February 2012 he was appointed the UK's Ambassador to Somalia the first to serve in over twenty years. Baugh initially worked out of the British diplomatic office in Nairobi. On 25 April 2013 he re-located to Mogadishu as the UK diplomatic mission for Somalia officially re-opened its embassy in the Somali capital.
 Starcross is a young adult novel by Philip Reeve released in October 2007. Illustrated by David Wyatt it is the second book in the Larklight Trilogy sequel to the 2006 novel Larklight.
 Kiplinger's Personal Finance (KIP-ling-ers) is a magazine that has been continuously published on a monthly basis from 1947 to the present day.[citation needed] It was the nation's first personal finance magazine and claims to deliver sound unbiased advice in clear concise language.[citation needed] It offers tips and tricks on managing money and achieving financial security as well as information and practical guidance on saving investing planning for retirement paying for college and buying automobiles homes and other major purchases. 
 Ditto Knolls is a historic home located near Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. It was built about 1790 and is a five-bay two-story brick house with a two-bay one-story brick rear wing. It features a one-story entrance porch supported by Doric columns. Also on the property is a large stone bank barn and springhouse.
 Our Gods Wear Spandex: The Secret History of Comic Book Heroes is a book by Christopher Knowles the former editor of Comic Book Artist with illustrations by Joe Linsner.The book examines superheroes as a modern evolution of mythological archetypes and the more modern history as well as the mystical influences on comics.
 Highness Samson Kiwia (born 8 October 1976) is a Tanzanian CHADEMA politician and Member of Parliament for Ilemela constituency since 2010.
 The Clarence is a river in northern France whose 32 km course crosses the département of Pas-de-Calais.Its source is near the village of Sains-lès-Pernes. It flows through the communes of Sachin Pernes Calonne-Ricouart Calonne-sur-la-Lys and Gonnehem finally joining the Lys near Merville.It has two tributaries the Nave and the Grand Nocq.
 The Ridges formerly called the Athens Lunatic Asylum was a mental hospital operated in Athens Ohio from 1874 until 1993. During its operation the hospital provided services to a variety of patients including Civil War veterans children and violent criminals suffering from various mental disabilities.
 Paavo Juho Hynninen (born 31 May 1883 in Joroinen died 18 May 1960) was a former Finnish diplomat who was the Minister of Foreign Affairs in two politically neutral cabinets led by Reino Kuuskoski and Rainer von Fieandt. In 1922 Hynninen became an official in the foreign ministry and initially worked in the Finnish consulate in St. Petersburg. Later he became the ambassador to Latvia and Estonia in the 1930s.
 We Were Here is the sixth studio album by Turin Brakes and second released on Cooking Vinyl. It was recorded at Rockfield Studios and engineered and mixed by Ali Staton and produced by Turin Brakes and Ali Staton. It will be released on September 30 2013.
 Calliphora stygia commonly known as the brown blowfly or rango tumaro in Māori is a species of blow-fly that is found in Australia and New Zealand. The brown blowfly has a grey thorax and yellow-brown abdomen.The fly can cause the flystrike disease in sheep when the maggots it lays burrow into the sheep's skin.C. stygia adapts well to cold conditions and in winter can be found in Australia as far south as southern Victoria.
 The Delaware Water Gap is a water gap on the border of the U.S. states of New Jersey and Pennsylvania where the Delaware River cuts through a large ridge of the Appalachian Mountains. It forms the southern portion of the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area which is used primarily for recreational purposes such as rafting canoeing swimming fishing hiking and rock climbing.
 The Lézarde Rivière is a river of Martinique.
 James Knox is a Republican member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to House District 47 which represents a portion of the Yellowstone County area.
 Balthasarella melandryoides is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae the only species in the genus Balthasarella.
 La Nación (Spanish: The Nation) is an Argentine daily newspaper. The country's leading conservative paper the centrist Clarín is its main competitor.
 The Nesse is a river in Werra-Meißner District North Hessen Germany. It is 5.9 km long.
 The Mask is a 1994 American superhero fantasy action comedy film based on a series of comic books published by Dark Horse Comics. This film was directed by Chuck Russell and produced by Dark Horse Entertainment and New Line Cinema and originally released to movie theatres on July 29 1994. The film stars Jim Carrey as Stanley Ipkiss a man who finds the Mask of Loki that turns him into The Mask a grinning magically-powered trickster uninhibited by anything including physical reality.
 Mount Athabasca is located in the Columbia Icefield of Jasper National Park in Canada. The mountain was named in 1898 by J. Norman Collie who made the first ascent on August 18 of that year. Athabasca is the Cree Indian name for where there are reeds which originally referred to Lake Athabasca.
 Kamarlu (Persian: كمرلو‎ also Romanized as Kamarlū) is a village in Mahur Rural District Mahvarmilani District Mamasani County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 15 families.
 The Cat River is a 16.3-mile-long (26.2 km) tributary of the Crow Wing River in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is part of the Mississippi River drainage basin.
 Anticipation is the sixth album by comedian Lewis Black. It was released on August 5 2008 on Comedy Central Records. The album consists of stand-up material he has used on his tours over a three-year period and was recorded on September 21 2007 in Wausau Wisconsin.The album cover features part of the word Anticipation while the back features the rest of the word. It was designed for people to think Black was anti-something.
 120 Wall Street is a skyscraper in Wall Street New York City United States which was completed in 1930. The building is 399 ft (122 m) tall has 34 floors and is located along Wall Street Pine Street and South Street.
 Marti Coley (born March 15 1961) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 5th District which includes Holmes County Jackson County Walton County Washington County and northern Bay County since 2012.
 Ichabod Bartlett (July 24 1786 – October 19 1853) was a United States Representative from New Hampshire.
 Wild Together is the second extended play by American country music group Carter's Chord. It was released on May 24 2011 by Show Dog-Universal Music as the follow-up to Carter Chord's 2008 debut EP Carter's Chord.
 Sralanh Khmer is a weekly newspaper published in Cambodia.
 The Return of the Soldier is the debut novel of English novelist Rebecca West first published in 1918. The novel recounts the return of the shell shocked Captain Chris Baldry from the trenches of The First World War from the perspective of his female cousin Jenny.
 The Current Newspapers are a group of weeklies in Washington DC with editions targeted to Upper Northwest Chevy Chase (DC) Dupont Circle Georgetown and Foggy Bottom. The company previously owned a newspaper on Capitol Hill - Voice of the Hill - but it has ceased publication.
 Copelatus montivagus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Young in 1942.
 Alexander Ramsey (September 8 1815 – April 22 1903) was an American politician.
 Headstrong is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Ashley Tisdale released on February 6 2007 by Warner Bros. Records. Tisdale began working on the project after the first installment of High School Musical (2006) and after she had achieved the feat of being the first female artist to debut with two songs on the Billboard Hot 100. The singer worked with a variety of established writers and producers on the album including Diane Warren J.R.
 Aha Shake Heartbreak is the second studio album by American rock band Kings of Leon. It was released in November 2004 in the UK and February 2005 in the United States.
 Gojko Šušak (16 March 1945 – 3 May 1998) was a Croatian politician who held the post of defence minister from 1991 to 1998. A Bosnian Croat emigrant who had moved to Canada in 1969 Šušak rose to prominence in the Croat diaspora in North America in the following decades eventually becoming a close friend and associate to Franjo Tuđman leader of the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) a nationalist party seeking Croatia's independence from Yugoslavia.
 The Tualatin Mountains (also known as the West Hills or Southwest Hills of Portland) are a range of hills on the western border of Multnomah County Oregon United States. A spur of the Northern Oregon Coast Range they separate the Tualatin Basin of Washington County Oregon from the Portland Basin of western Multnomah County and Clark County Washington.The highest peak in the range is Cornell Mountain at 1270 feet (390 m).
 Giitu is an album by the Finnish folk music group Angelin tytöt released in 1993 in Finland. The musical tracks consist mainly of traditional Sámi yoiking accompanied by a guitar. The album was recorded at Finnvox Studios in Helsinki and mixed by Risto Hemmi.
 Sine Sierra is The Faint's debut album released in 1995. At the time the band was known as Norman Bailer. The album was released by Lumberjack Records on cassette only. Conor Oberst of Bright Eyes was in the band at the time. He played guitar and sang back-up vocals as well as being the sole singer on certain songs including Willow Wood.
 John Bunyan Museum is a museum primarily dedicated to the life times and works of John Bunyan. The museum is located in Bedford Bedfordshire England.John Bunyan (1628 – 1688) a Christian writer and preacher was born in Harrowden (one mile south-east of Bedford) in the Parish of Elstow England. He wrote The Pilgrim's Progress arguably the most famous published Christian allegory.
 Shekarlu (Persian: شكرلو‎ also Romanized as Shekarlū) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Imbricaria bicolor is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Eleutherodactylus celator is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sinai Hospital is a Baltimore Maryland hospital originally founded in 1866 as the Hebrew Hospital and Asylum. It is now a Jewish-sponsored ANCC Magnet and teaching hospital that provides care for patients in the greater Baltimore City Baltimore County and surrounding communities. It is notable as the birthplace of the implantable cardioverter-defibrillator or ICD invented by the team of Dr. Michel Mirowski Dr. Morton Mower M.
 Château de la Valouze is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France. It was built in 1861.
 Shotgun Jones is a 1914 American short Western film directed by Colin Campbell.
 Raja Bajrang Bahadur Singh (1905–1970) referred to as Raja (King) of Bhadri was the governor of Himachal Pradesh belonging to the royal Rajput family of Oudh in Pratapgarh district Uttar Pradesh.
 Doctrine is the sixth studio album by Dutch technical death metal band Pestilence which was released on April 24 2011. The album was recorded and mixed at Woodshed Studio in southern Germany with engineer Victor V.Santura Bullok. The artwork was designed by Marko Saarelainen. The album represents a second release by the reformed Pestilence with two new members: Yuma van Eekelen and Jeroen Paul Thesseling who was a member of the band during the Spheres era.
 Mameigwess Lake is a wilderness lake in the Kenora District of northwestern Ontario Canada.
 The Sport of the Gods is a novel by Paul Laurence Dunbar first published in 1902 centered around urban black life. Forced to leave the South a family falls apart amid the harsh realities of Northern inner city life in this 1902 examination of the forces that extinguish the dreams of African Americans.
 Hassop Hall is a 17th-century country house near Bakewell Derbyshire which is now operated as a hotel. It is a Grade II* listed building.
 Bandar-e Tauneh (Persian: بندرطاعونه‎ also Romanized as Bandar-e Ţā‘ūneh; also known as Bandar-e Ţāḩūneh Bandar Tahooneh Ţāḩūneh Ţā‘ūneh and Tāvūneh) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 205 in 36 families.
 The Law Quarterly Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering common law throughout the world. It is published by Sweet & Maxwell and was established in 1885. The editor-in-chief is Francis Reynolds (University of Oxford).
 Bailey's pocket mouse (Chaetodipus baileyi) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae. It is found in Mexico and in California Arizona and New Mexico in the United States.The Bailey's Pocket Mouse is the only known animal to be able to digest the wax found inside the jojoba nut.
 Pleistodontes proximus is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with Ficus lilliputiana the fig species it pollinates.
 Tora-san's Dream of Spring (男はつらいよ 寅次郎春の夢 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajirō Haru no Yume) aka Torasan Dreams Springtime is a 1979 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Kyōko Kagawa as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san's Dream of Spring is the twenty-fourth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 The Resterberg is a compilation album of recordings by Paul Westerberg released in 2005. It contains alternate mixes single versions and a previously unreleased track.
 Mosaic is Wang Chung's fourth album and third on Geffen Records. Released in 1986 Mosaic was commercially successful due to three singles: Everybody Have Fun Tonight (reached a high of #2 on the Billboard Hot 100) Let's Go! (#9 on the Hot 100) and Hypnotize Me (#36 on the Hot 100). Mosaic earned a Gold rating by the RIAA and hit #41 on the Billboard 200 album charts.
 Neang Champa Meas is a 1970 Khmer film directed by Saravuth and stars Vann Vannak and Vichara Dany.
 Ihering's Atlantic Spiny-rat Trinomys iheringi is a spiny rat species from South America. It is endemic to Brazil and was named in honor of Hermann von Ihering.
 Bray Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 William Fosgate Kirby (November 16 1867 – July 26 1934) was a Democratic Party politician from Arkansas who represented the state in the U.S. Senate from 1916 to 1921.Kirby was born in Miller County Arkansas near Texarkana on November 16 1867 and attended common schools. He studied law at Cumberland School of Law at Cumberland University graduating in 1885 in which year he was admitted to the bar and began practice in Texarkana.
 Strung Up is a 1975 double live/compilation album by Sweet released by RCA Records in 1975. The first disc contains seven songs recorded live during a concert at the Rainbow Theatre London on 21 December 1973. The second one contains ten selection of their songs recorded since 1973 including three songs that have not been released previously on any album (Burn On The Flame and Miss Demeanour) but only one (I Wanna Be Committed) is brand new.
 Pełczyn [ˈpɛu̯t͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Wołów and 37 km (23 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Hobson's Choice is a 1931 Britis comedy drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring James Harcourt Viola Lyel Frank Pettingell and Herbert Lomas. It follows a coarse bootshop owner who becomes outraged when his eldest daughter decides to marry a meek cobbler. It is basedon the play Hobson's Choice by Harold Brighouse.
 Not to be confused with the Shakespeare character Ophelia.Opheliac is the second studio album by Emilie Autumn released in September 2006 by Trisol Music Group GmbH. Opheliac was recorded at Mad Villain Studios Chicago USA. It is the first album by the artist to receive widespread distribution around the world. All of Autumn's previous albums were only available through her own independent record label Traitor Records.
 Proctor's Theater is located on Fourth Street (northbound US 4) in Troy New York United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 and is a contributing property to the Central Troy Historic District added to the Register in 1986.It was built in 1914 for vaudeville performances by Capital District entrepreneur Frederick Freeman Proctor who also built another theater with his name in nearby Schenectady.
 Eye of the Hunter (1999) is the debut solo album by Brendan Perry previously the male half of the band Dead Can Dance. The album was released by 4AD on 4 October 1999 in the UK and a day later in the US.
 The General's Wife is a horror short story by Peter Straub. It was first published in 1982 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 1200 copies and was issued without a jacket. The story is from a previously unpublished extract from the manuscript of Straub's novel Floating Dragon.
 The Bucureasa Mică River is a tributary of the Bucureasa Mare River in Romania.
 Düpenau is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 Times Like These is the fourth studio album by American country music singer Buddy Jewell. The album was released on April 26 2005 by Columbia Records. Two singles were released from the project If She Were Any Other Woman and So Gone. While the former peaked in the Top 30 of Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart the latter failed to chart entirely.Sales of Times Like These failed to meet those of Jewell's debut and he was dropped by Columbia in September 2005.
 Plagiotremus spilistius is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific ocean. This species reaches a length of 17.4 centimetres (6.9 in) SL.
 Tyrrell Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 The Clue of the Tapping Heels is the sixteenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1939. An updated revised and largely different story was published under the same title in 1970. The 1939 version is published as a facsimile edition by Applewood Books. As of 2006 this title is still in print.
 Aanchal is a Hindi blockbuster released in 1980 directed by Anil Ganguly and starring Rajesh Khanna Raakhee Rekha as the main protagonist and supported by Prem Chopra and Amol Palekar. This story basically revolves around divine relationship shared by Rajesh Khanna with Raakhee. Music is by R D Burman. Songs are sung by Kishore Kumar Lata Mangehkar and Asha Bhonsle.
 Mabudachi (En. Bad Company) is a 2001 Japanese film written and directed by Tomoyuki Furumaya. It stars Ryosuke Takahashi.
 Ulrik Munther is the self-titled debut album of young Swedish singer-songwriter Ulrik Munther. It was released on 24 August 2011 in Sweden under the Universal Music record label and hit the #1 position on the Swedish Albums Chart on its first week of release staying at #1 for one week. All of the songs are composed by Munther himself.Munther re-released the album on 29 February 2012 after his participation in the Melodifestivalen 2012.
 Jet-Set is a Colombian-based fortnightly magazine profiling the glamorous compelling and sometimes scandalous lives and happenings of Colombian and international celebrities politicians artists and those of the elite and high-society that is to say those in the jet-set.
 Genocyber (ジェノサイバー Jenosaibā) is a 1993 Japanese Cyberpunk manga series by Tony Takezaki. One volume of the manga was published and the story remains unfinished. It was adapted into a 5-part Anime OVA series from 1993 to 1994. The plot of the anime differs significantly from the manga. Both are notable for their extreme graphic violence.The OVA was produced by Bandai Visual and released in North America by U.S. Manga Corps.
 Hidden Stash 420 is a 2009 compilation album from American hip hop group Kottonmouth Kings. It is their fourth compilation album and includes b-sides remixes demos solo tracks by Kottonmouth Kings members D-Loc and Johnny Richter and collaborations with other artists. The album comprises 40 tracks on two discs.The Best Buy edition of the album includes a bonus DVD titled Lost Adventures which consists of two hours of behind the scenes footage and videos.
 The Henry Adams Building (also known as the Land and Loan Office Building) located in Algona Iowa was designed by Louis Sullivan in 1912.Although it was not designed as a bank and has never served as such the building is nonetheless considered to be one of Sullivan's Jewel Boxes a series of banks designed and built in the Midwest between 1909 and 1919.
 The Flight from the Enchanter is a novel written by Iris Murdoch and published in 1956.
 The Ernest Hemingway Cottage also known as Windemere was the boyhood summer home of author Ernest Hemingway on Walloon Lake in Michigan.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1968.
 Chasing the Sky is the second album by Canadian singer Amanda Stott. It was released by EMI Music Canada on March 8 2005.
 Justin Chenette is a Democratic member of the Maine House of Representatives for District 134 in Saco succeeding Linda Valentino. At age 23 Chenette is the youngest legislator in Maine and is also the youngest openly-gay legislator in the United States.
 John Edwards (1748 – 1837) was an American planter and statesman who player a key role in securing Kentucky statehood and represented the new state in the United States Senate.Edwards was born in Stafford County Virginia and move to Fayette County to start a plantation in what is now Bourbon County Kentucky around 1780. He represented his county in the Virginia House of Delegates in several years and was part of the commission that determined the borders for Kentucky in 1788.
 Thupstan Chhewang (born 1 September 1947) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Ladakh constituency of Jammu and Kashmir.He is Natioanl Executive member and contested 2014 Lok Sabha elections from Ladakh as BJP candidate.
 Princess Ninja Scroll Tenka Musō (天下無双 Tenka Musō) is a 2-volumes shōnen manga by Akane Sasaki.
 Gol Anjir (Persian: گل انجير‎ also Romanized as Gol Anjīr) is a village in Gurani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 22 families.
 Buddha Mountain is a 2010 drama film directed by Li Yu and starring Fan Bingbing Sylvia Chang Bolin Chen Fei Long. It was produced by Laurel Films a small independent production company owned by Fang Li and based in Beijing. Laurel Films also produced Li Yu's previous film Lost in Beijing.This film chronicles the lives of three youths who have no intention of sitting exams and getting into universities and a retired Chinese opera singer who is mourning the death of her son.
 The Insight Journal is an electronic scientific journal that covers the reproducibility of technical reports in the areas of image analysis and visualization. The journal provides mechanisms for sharing open source software open data and full description of parameters needed to reproduce the experiences reported in the submitted papers.
 The Tura River (Russian: Тура́) also known as Dolgaya River (Long River Russian: Долгая) is a historically important Siberian river which flows eastward from the central Ural Mountains into the Tobol River a part of the Ob River basin. The main town is Tyumen. From about 1600 to 1750 the Tura River was the main entry point into Siberia. Most people and goods entering or leaving passed through the customs house at Verkhoturye.
 Sta. Ursula Parish Church is a 200 year old church located in the heart of Binangonan Rizal. It belongs to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Antipolo.
 Flavicorniculum is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Mess of Blues is an album by Jeff Healey. It was released in 2008 less than two months after his death and just three weeks shy of his 42nd birthday. Four of the albums tracks were recorded live in front of audiences two of the live tracks at the Islington Academy in London and the other two live tracks at Jeff Healey's Roadhouse in Toronto. The other six tracks were recorded at Studio 92 in Canada by Norm Barker and Richard Uglow.
 Dave Sullivan (born December 29 1964 in Chicago) is a former Illinois State Senator. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was first appointed in 1998 to fill a vacancy following the death of former State Senator Marty Butler. He was subsequently re-elected in 2000 and 2002.
 Live at the Whitney is a live album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded at the Whitney Museum of American Art in 1972 and released on the Impulse! label in 1995.
 Corizus hyoscyami is a species of scentless plant bug belonging to the family Rhopalidae subfamily Rhopalinae.
 Rowe-Lant Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at East Chatham in Columbia County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1790 and is an L-shaped dwelling with a 2-story brick main block and 1 1⁄2-story brick and frame wing. It is five bays wide and two bays deep with a gable roof. Also on the property is a large timber-frame barn garage and horse barn and large tractor barn.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 David P. Bobzien Jr. is a Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly representing Washoe County District 24 since 2006. He owns the web design firm Bobzien Interactive Strategies. He attended George Mason University where he received his Bachelors of Arts in Government and Politics. He then received his Master of Public Administration from Boise State University with an emphasis in Natural Resources and Public Lands Policy.
 Whitney is the second studio album by American R&B/pop singer Whitney Houston released in the United States on June 2 1987 by Arista Records as the follow-up to her best selling debut album Whitney Houston. She became an international star with this album which made her the era's top female star. Whitney was certified 9× platinum by the RIAA on November 29 1995.The album met the expectations of many people and was sensationally popular after its release.
 Cechides amoenus is a species of curculionid weevil native to Western Australia.It is the main seed predator of Banksia prionotes.
 Frederick Hamilton Tarr (October 8 1868 – May 13 1944) was an American attorney and politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1904 to 1905 a member of the Massachusetts Governor's Council from 1916 to 1918 and the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts from 1926 to 1933.His son Frederick H. Tarr Jr. was a Massachusetts state representative.
 West Branch Chillisquaque Creek is a tributary of Chillisquaque Creek. Its watershed spans parts of Northumberland Montour Lycoming and Columbia counties in Pennsylvania. West Branch Chillisquaque Creek is about five miles long. The creek is home to a number of tree species and herb species. There are also five main types of rock formations and four main types of soil in the creek's watershed.
 Quarry Farm is located in Elmira New York. In 1869 Jervis Langdon purchased it as a vacation home for his family. When he died the following year it was inherited by his eldest daughter Susan Langdon Crane Mark Twain's sister-in-law.Twain and his family summered there for over twenty years.
 Karbala (Persian: كربلا‎ also Romanized as Karbalā) is a village in Piveshk Rural District Lirdaf District Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 226 in 46 families.
 Bert Stedman is a Republican member of the Alaska Senate representing the A District from his appointment in November 2003 to the 2010 census redistricting which placed him in District Q in 2013.
 The Cathedral of Saint Mary the Crowned is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Gibraltar. It is the primary centre of Catholic worship in the Diocese of Gibraltar.
 Seif Ali Iddi (born 23 February 1942) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Kitope constituency since 2000.
 The Guardian is a Belizean newspaper and the official print organ of the United Democratic Party.It is published on Thursdays and sells for BZ$1.00.
 The Grey-breasted Spiderhunter (Arachnothera modesta) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia Myanmar Singapore Thailand and Vietnam.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is sometimes considered conspecific with the Streaky-breasted Spiderhunter.
 Famara L. Jatta (July 16 1958 – March 17 2012) was a Gambian government minister and economist. He was the Gambia's Secretary of State for Trade from 1997 to 1998 and Secretary of State for Finance and Economic Affairs from 1998 to 2003. From 2003 to 2007 he was Governor of the Central Bank of the Gambia.
 The Vlăsia Mică River is a headwater of the Vlăsia River in Romania.
 Clypeobarbus hypsolepis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Clypeobarbus.
 This article is about the Nepalese village. For the Red International of Labor Unions see Profintern.Rilu is a village in Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3153 and had 582 houses in the village.
 The nut weevil (Curculio nucum) is a medium-sized beetle with an especially elongated snout characteristic of the Curculionini tribe of the weevil family (Curculionidae). Its larvae develop in hazel nuts Corylus avellana being a serious pest in hazenut orchards. It occurs in most of Europe from south Sweden Finland and Great Britain to the Mediterranean.
 Jermenovci (Serbian: Jermenovci or Јермeновци; Hungarian: Ürményháza; German: Ürmenhausen) is a village located in the Plandište municipality in the South Banat District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority (69.11%).
 Release the Pressure is the debut album by rap group Criminal Nation. It was released in 1990 for Nastymix Records and was produced by the groups producers Eugenious and Womack. The album peaked at #73 on the Billboard charts' Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and also featured the hit single Insane which made it to #17 on the Hot Rap Singles. The video for another single Black Power Nation gained some airplay.
 Pseudohemihyalea ludwigi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Beutelspacher in 1984. It is found in Mexico.
 Safety in Numbers is a 1930 American musical comedy film. It stars Buddy Rogers and features Kathryn Crawford Josephine Dunn and Carole Lombard (in one of her early roles).
 Waves is an album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd recorded in 1972 by Lloyd and featuring Gabor Szabo Roger McGuinn and Mike Love.
 The Campfire Headphase is the third studio album by Boards of Canada. Released by Warp Records in October 2005 the album featured the addition of heavily treated acoustic guitars and the use of more conventional song structures. The album took the duo three years to make.
 Justice Undone (Icelandic: Grámosinn glóir) is a novel by Icelandic author Thor Vilhjálmsson. It was first published in 1986. In 1988 Thor won the Nordic Council Literature Prize for the book.It was translated to English in 1998 by Bernard Scudder.
 For the Pomeranian castle see Veste Landskron.Landskron is a ruined castle (German: Burgruine Landskron Slovene: Grad Vajškra) northeast of Villach in the state of Carinthia Austria.The estate near Lake Ossiach was first mentioned in a 878 deed issued by the East Frankish king Carloman of Bavaria who granted it to the monastery of Altötting he had established shortly before.
 Kadłub [ˈkadwup] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wieluń and 94 km (58 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Ode to J. Smith is the sixth studio album by Scottish rock band Travis released on 29 September 2008 in the United Kingdom and received generally positive reviews. The album was released in the United States on 4 November 2008. The first single from the album Something Anything was released on 15 September and despite being generally well received by Travis fans gained very little airplay.Ode to J. Smith entered the UK Album Chart at #20 and spent 3 weeks on the chart.
 Bartków [ˈbartkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Korczew 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 108 km (67 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Renata Polverini (Born Rome 14 May 1962) is an Italian politician and trade unionist. She was President of the Lazio region and was formerly Secretary General of the General Labour Union (UGL); she resigned on 24 September 2012 after an expense scandal.
 The Puget Sound Business Journal is a weekly American City Business Journals publication containing articles about business people issues and events in the greater Seattle Washington area. The publication also publishes a technology news website named TechFlash. In 2010 the newspaper was a finalist for a Pulitzer prize in explanatory reporting for a series of stories about the foreclosure crises and the federal shutdown of Washington Mutual which remains the biggest bank failure in U.S.
 Abdellatif Hammouchi (Arabic: عبد اللطيف حموشي‎; born 1966 in Fes Morocco) is the head of the Moroccan secret services the DGST (Formerly known as the DST French: Diréction de surveillance du térritoire).He is also an advisor to Mohammed VI on terrorism-related affairs.
 Lurita Alexis Doan (born January 4 1958) is an African-American Republican who was the administrator of the United States General Services Administration from May 31 2006 to April 29 2008 during the administration of U.S. President George W. Bush. She is the first woman to have held this position.She is a conservative commentator on Federal News Radio 1500AM in Washington D.C. and hosts the weekly opinion editorial Leadership Matters.
 The North Okkalapa General Hospital is an affiliated teaching hospital of the University of Medicine 2 Yangon located in North Okkalapa Township in the eastern part of Yangon Burma.
 The desert box turtle (Terrapene ornata luteola) is a subspecies of box turtle which is endemic to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.
 Germán Zea Hernández (15 April 1905 — 8 February 1989) was a Colombian lawyer and politician. A Liberal Party politician he served twice as Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations and occupied the Ministries of Government Justice and Foreign Affairs was appointed 11th Comptroller General of Colombia Mayor of Bogotá and Governor of Cundinamarca and served in both Chambers of Congress as Senator and Representative.
 All Star Sessions is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded between 1950 and 1955 and released on the Prestige label.
 George O'Reilly (27 February 1911 – 17 June 1992) was a Canadian politician.Born in Pointe-Saint-Charles Montreal Quebec O'Reilly was a Verdun city councillor from 1951 to 1960 and mayor from 1960 to 1966. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Montréal-Verdun in 1960. A Liberal he was re-elected in 1962. He was appointed to the Legislative Council of Quebec for De la Durantaye in 1964 and served until its abolishment in 1968.
 New Horizons is the thirty first studio album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released in March 1978 on Monument Records and was produced by Ray Baker. It was Smith's final studio album released under Monument and contained four singles released between 1977 and 1978 including I Just Want to Be Your Everything.
 The Elephant Whisperer published in April 2009 by Pan Macmillan in London and in July 2009 by Thomas Dunne/St Martin's Press in New York is the second book written by South African author and conservationist Lawrence Anthony along with journalist Graham Spence. It follows Babylon's Ark the incredible wartime rescue of the Baghdad Zoo. This bestselling book tells the story of a herd of wild African elephants on an African game reserve.
 For the song by Winger see Down Incognito (song).Down Incognito was the second solo album by American rock artist Kip Winger. It was released by Domo Records in 1998. The album was released under different names. Down Incognito is the American title while it was called Made by Hand in Europe and Another Way in Japan.The album mostly consists of acoustic studio versions of songs from the three Winger albums and Kip Winger's first solo album.
 Wymysłowo [vɨmɨˈswɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Oborniki and 27 km (17 mi) north-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Trophonella longstaffi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Richard II is a 2012 British television film based on William Shakespeare's play of the same name. It is the first of four television adaptations of Shakespeare's second history tetralogy commissioned by BBC Two under the series title The Hollow Crown. Richard II was directed by Rupert Goold who adapted the screenplay with Ben Power. Ben Whishaw stars as the titular Richard II of England.
 Movie Crazy is a 1932 comedy film starring Harold Lloyd in his third sound feature.
 John Anthony Volpe (/ˈvoʊlpi/; December 8 1908 – November 11 1994) was the 61st and 63rd Governor of Massachusetts and a U.S. Secretary of Transportation.
 Calliostoma gendalli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus Calliostoma (Benthastelena).
 Alexander Livingstone (August 2 1884 – October 26 1944) was a Canadian politician and municipal councillor in Edmonton Alberta.
 Khuruña (Aymara for to eat greedily hispanicized spellings Coruna Coruña) is a mountain in the Barroso mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5453 metres (17890 ft) high. It is situated in the Tacna Region Tacna Province Palca District and in the Tarata Province in the districts Tarata and Tarucachi. Khuruña lies southwest of the mountain Awkitaypi (Auquitaipe).
 Robert J. Campbell (born December 20 1937) is an American politician who served 16 years in the California State Assembly from 1980 to 1996. He represented the11th district. He is a Democrat.
 Preneopogon is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Haradanahalli Doddegowda Deve Gowda (born 18 May 1933) was the 11th Prime Minister of India (1996–1997) and the 14th Chief minister of the state of Karnataka (1994–1996).He is an influential leader of the Vokkaliga community and is popularly known as Mannina maga (Son of the soil) for espousing the cause of the farmers. He is the National President of the Janata Dal (Secular) party.
 The American Journal of Kidney Diseases is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of nephrology. It is the official journal of the National Kidney Foundation and is published by Elsevier. The journal publishes original research case reports and educational articles such as narrative reviews and teaching cases. It is abstracted and indexed in PubMed/MEDLINE/Index Medicus. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 5.294.
 Koźminek [kɔʑˈminɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczaniec within Świebodzin County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Szczaniec 15 km (9 mi) east of Świebodzin 35 km (22 mi) north-east of Zielona Góra and 67 km (42 mi) south-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.The village has a population of 135.
 Eulima elongata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 The Woman Warrior: Memoirs of a Girlhood Among Ghosts is a memoir or collection of memoirs by Maxine Hong Kingston published by Vintage Books in 1975. Although there are many scholarly debates surrounding the official genre classification of the book it can best be described as a work of creative non-fiction.Throughout the five chapters of The Woman Warrior Kingston blends autobiography with old Chinese folktales.
 Findley's myotis (Myotis findleyi) is a species of vesper bat. It is found only on the Tres Marías Islands off the west coast of Mexico.
 The William H. Bliss Building is a historic apartment building at 26 Old Lincoln Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built in 1888 the four story brick building is one of the few remnants of a once larger development of apartment blocks north of Lincoln Square; most of the other period apartment blocks in the area were demolished by highway development or urban renewal processes.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Invisible Monster (1950) is a Republic film serial.
 Robinson is a fell in the English Lake District its southern slopes descending to Buttermere while its northern side is set in the Newlands Valley. Paths lead to the summit from the village of Buttermere from the nearby summit Dale Head and from various locations in the valleys to the north.
 Daddy's Girl is a 1996 film directed by Martin Kitrosser.
 The Ighiu River is a tributary of the Bucerdea River in Romania.
 Tareh (Persian: طره‎ also Romanized as Ţareh; also known as Turreh) is a village in Barzrud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 244 in 124 families.
 The Volcán de Colima also known as Volcán de Fuego is part of the Colima Volcanic Complex (CVC) consisting of Volcán de Colima Nevado de ColimaAbout this sound ne'βado de ko'lima and the eroded El Cantaro (listed as extinct). It is the younger of the three and is currently one of the most active volcanos in Mexico and in North America. It has erupted more than 40 times since 1576. One of the largest eruptions was on January 20–24 1913.
 Bacon Peak is a mountain in the Cascade range in the U.S. state of Washington. Its glaciers cover 1.2 square miles (3.2 km2); the three main glaciers are Diobsud Creek Glacier (south-east 1.6 miles (2.5 km) wide) Green Lake Glacier (north-east 1.3 miles (2.1 km) wide) and Noisy Creek Glacier (north-west 0.9 miles (1.4 km) long).
 Qelichabad (Persian: قليچ اباد‎ also Romanized as Qelīchābād; also known as Shahīd Honarmand and Shahīd Moḩammad Honarmand) is a village in Zavin Rural District Zavin District Kalat County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1088 in 285 families.
 Thornton Creek is 18 miles (29 km) of urban creeks and tributaries from southeast Shoreline through northeast Seattle to Lake Washington. The creek is the largest watershed in Seattle draining a 12-square-mile (31 km2) region of relatively dense biodiversity for an urban setting home to frogs newts ducks other birds and an occasional beaver in addition to over 200000 people.
 Hinrich Lohse (2 September 1896 – 25 February 1964) was a Nazi German politician best known for his rule of the Baltic states during World War II.
 Newstead-on-Ancholme Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire England. The Gilbertine priory of Holy Trinity Newstead-on-Ancholme was founded for Gilbertine canons by King Henry II in 1171. The endowment was small and the number of canons and lay brothers was limited by Saint Gilbert to thirteen.The priory was surrendered in 1538 by the prior Robert Hobson and five canons.
 Washington School is a building in Grand Forks North Dakota that was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.It was designed by William J. Edwards in Classical Revival style and was built by contractors Melby & Standahl.
 Megalopygidae is the technical name of a group of insect species known generally as crinkled flannel moths or simply Flannel Moths. They occur in North America (11 species) and the New World tropics. The larvae are called Puss Caterpillars and with their long hairs resemble cotton balls. They have venomous spines that can cause a painful sting and inflammation lasting for several days. In some cases the sting may cause headache nausea and shock-like symptoms.
 Lasowice Wielkie [lasɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] / German: Groß Lassowitz (1936-45 officially Oberwalden) is a village in Kluczbork County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lasowice Wielkie. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Kluczbork and 31 km (19 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 764. There is an old wooden church in Lasowice Wielkie from the 16th century.
 Guy R. Williams (October 7 1907 – December 31 1992) was a Canadian Senator and Haisla First Nations leader and was for a number of years the only Native Canadian in the Senate. He was appointed in 1971 following the 1970 retirement of James Gladstone who had been the first status Indian appointed to the upper house.Williams was born on a Native reserve.
 Ried S. Holien (born in 1969 in Watertown South Dakota) is an American politician and a Republican member of the South Dakota Senate representing District 5 since January 11 2011.
 Ornarantia meratella is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Busck in 1914. It is found in Panama.
 Moschoneura is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae. It contains only one species the Pinthous Mimic White (Moschoneura pinthous) which is found in northern South America.Adults mimic Scada karschina and other Ithomiini species.
 The music of Cutie Honey spans many soundtracks including Cutey Honey: TV Original B.G.M. Collection and New Super Android Cutey Honey: Music Collection Vol. 1 by Columbia Records and Koda Kumi's Love & Honey by Avex Group under the Rhythm Zone label.
 European Journal of Entomology is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Czech Academy of Sciences. It covers research in entomology including Myriapoda Chelicerata and terrestrial Crustacea. It was established in 1904 by the Czech Entomological Society under the title Acta Societatis Entomologicae Bohemiae then later as Acta entomologica bohemoslovaca. The insect depicted on the cover of the journal is Pyrrhocoris apterus.
 Passport to Paradise is a 1932 American drama film directed by George B. Seitz.
 Prithvi was a 1997 mystery film starring Suniel Shetty in title role and Shilpa Shetty in double role.
 Baava Baamaida is a 2001 Indian Kannada language romantic comedy film starring Shivarajkumar and Rambha in the lead roles. The film is directed by Kishore Sarja and based on the Tamil language film Pandithurai (1992) directed by Manoj Kumar.
 Nowy Barkoczyn [ˈnɔvɨ barˈkɔt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Nowa Karczma 10 km (6 mi) east of Kościerzyna and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 543.
 Life with Archie was a comic book published by Archie comics from 1958 to 1991. It featured Archie Andrews in adventure stories that were more dramatic than the standard Archie tales. In 2010 it was revived as a magazine-sized comic devoted to stories that grew out of Archie Marries Veronica/Archie Marries Betty. Archie's character is set to be killed off in the second to last issue Life With Archie #36.
 Wat Phnom (Khmer: វត្តភ្នំ; Mountain Pagoda) is a Buddhist temple (wat) located in Phnom Penh Cambodia. It was built in 1373 and stands 27 metres (88.5 ft) above the ground. It is the tallest religious structure in the city. The pagoda was given the name of Wat Preah Chedey Borapaut. Wat Phnom is the charming central point of Phnom Penh.
 The Journal of Chiropractic Education is a medical journal and the official journal of the Association of Chiropractic Colleges. It publishes articles related to educational theory methods and content relevant to the practice of chiropractic. The journal is indexed in PubMed (but not MEDLINE) and CINAHL.
 The Iowa Building is an historic structure located in downtown Cedar Rapids Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Ingleside Avenue Historic District is a residential historic district on 218-220 and 226-228 Ingleside Avenue in Worcester Massachusetts. It consists of a cluster of four triple decker residences and three period garages all built c. 1928 during the last phase of triple decker construction in the city.
 Blood of the Dragon is the seventh album by Nox Arcana incorporating an interactive puzzle. The music is mainly instrumental with a classical symphonic and at times tribal Celtic sound. The music is interspersed with brief narrations and sound effects that relate a story.The overall theme is laden with elements popularized in sword and sorcery stories and games such as wizards warriors dragons elves witches dwarves and trolls.
 Mount Julian is a peak located at the southern end of Maligne Lake in Jasper National Park Canada.The mountain was named in 1928 by Leo Amery for his son JulianThe mountain was first climbed in 1930 by J.A. Corry C.G. CrawfordE.M. Gillespie J. McAuley M. Percy R. Rushworth G. Shanger and I. Vanderberg.
 Vrpsko is a village in Municipality of Prilep.
 Kannon Do Zen Meditation Center provides Sōtō Zen practice in the San Francisco Peninsula and the South Bay. Named after Kannon the Buddhist personification of compassion the center provides a supportive environment in which Americans can experience traditional Zen teaching.
 Kerse Loch (NS 34894 16186) also recorded as Carse Loch (1841) is a small freshwater loch in the East Ayrshire Council Area lying in a glacial Kettle Hole Parish of Dalrymple Scotland.
 Beinn Dorain (Gaelic: Beinn Dòbhrain 'hill of the streamlet' or 'hill of the otters') is a mountain located in the Bridge of Orchy hills of Argyll and Bute Scotland.
 Parides agavus is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in Brazil Paraguay and north Argentina.The red anal spot of the hindwing very large Z-shaped. The abbreviated white band of the hindwing is somewhat variable. It is not uncommon even in gardens. Adults frequent flowers. It is not thought to be threatened. Parides agavus is ranched in Brazil.The larvae feed on Aristolochia triangularis and Aristolochia fimbriata.
 Tros of Samothrace is a historical novel with fantasy elements by author Talbot Mundy. It was published in 1934 by Appleton-Century. The novel was constructed of novellas which first appeared in the magazine Adventure in 1925-1926.Mundy dedicated Tros of Samothrace to his friend Rose Wilder Lane who hadsupported its book publication.
 Mount Jarvis is an eroded shield volcano in the Wrangell Mountains of eastern Alaska. It is located in Wrangell-Saint Elias National Park about 10 miles (16 km) east of the summit of Mount Wrangell.
 Emergency Ward! is a 1972 album released by Nina Simone. The title of the record is rendered as Emergency Ward on the record label itself but as Emergency Ward! on the cover sleeve. The sleeve also bears the text Nina Simone in Concert.
 The Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul head church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia is located at 18th Street and the Benjamin Franklin Parkway on the east side of Logan Circle in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built from 1846-1864 and was designed by Napoleon LeBrun – from original plans by Reverends Mariano Muller and John B. Tornatore – with the dome and Palladian facade designed by John Notman and Rev. John T. Mahoney added after 1850.
 Narcopolis is the debut novel of Indian author Jeet Thayil previously known for his poetry. It is a novel about opium and its effect set in 1970s Old Bombay. The book sets out with the narrator arriving in Bombay where he gets sucked into the opium underground. Gradually however the story expands to encompass all the people he encounters along the way. The reader meets Dimple the eunuch Rashid the opium house's owner and Mr Lee a former Chinese officer.
 Helina maculipennis is a fly from the family Muscidae.
 Track the Man Down is a 1955 British drama film written by Paul Erickson and directed by R.G. Springsteen.The melodramatic crime caper centers on a robbery at a greyhound racetrack that results in the unintentional murder of a guard.
 The Great Leap (German: Der grosse Sprung) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Leni Riefenstahl Luis Trenker and Hans Schneeberger. A young Italian girl living in the Dolomites falls in love with a member of a tourist party skiing on the nearby mountains.
 Roßsiefenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Naughty Flirt is a 1931 romantic comedy film directed by Edward Cline and starring Alice White Paul Page and Myrna Loy.
 Iolaus cottrelli Cottrell’s Sapphire is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Uganda Kenya Tanzania and Zambia.
 The Fifth Witness is the 23rd novel by American author Michael Connelly and features the fourth starring appearance of Los Angeles criminal defense attorney Michael Mickey Haller. The Fifth Witness was released in the United States on April 5 2011.
 The Art of Seeing is a 1942 book by Aldous Huxley which details his experience with and views on the controversial Bates method which according to Huxley improved his eyesight.
 St Mary's Church Astbury is an Anglican parish church in the village of Newbold Astbury Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and its architecture has been praised by a number of writers.It is possible that a church was present on the site in the Saxon era although the earliest fabric in the church is Norman.
 The Kimball-Stevenson House is located just north of downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was built in 1873 and it has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Witchcraft was the ninth album by the German heavy metal band Stormwitch released in 2004. The album sees a further expansion on the new style first shown in Dance With The Witches with a prominent use of keyboards that gave a much more symphonic sound. This was the last album to feature this lineup as all members except for Andy Mück have since left the band.An extract of a video for Fallen From God can be viewed on Stormwitch's website.
 Lahore - A sentimental Journey is Pran Nevile's first book in which he recollects his pre-partition days in Lahore.[1] Lahore - A sentimental Journey is Pran Nevile's first book in which he recollects his pre-partition days in Lahore. Lahore a sentimental journey is the Novel by an Indian author Pran Nevile. Published in 1993 by Penguin Book India. The author takes us back in the 1930s and 40s right into the heart of Lahore; Pakistan.
 Meyqan (Persian: ميقان‎ also Romanized as Meyqān Mīqān and Mīyqān; also known as Maīghan) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 396 in 127 families.
 Crvenčevo is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 135 people.
 I Am Not A Serial Killer is a 2009 thriller novel written by Dan Wells. It is the first installment in the John Wayne Cleaver trilogy. Its sequel Mr. Monster was released in 2010 in the UK. The third installment I Don't Want To Kill You was released in January 2011 in the UK.
 The Singular Life of Albert Nobbs (French: La Vie singulière d'Albert Nobbs) is a play by French author Simone Benmussa. Based on a novella by George Moore the drama tells the story of a 19th-century woman who disguises herself as a man to avoid poverty. The role of Albert Nobbs was originated by French actress Juliet Berto. The drama premiered in November 1977 at the Théâtre d'Orsay in Paris.
 We All Raise Our Voices to the Air (Live Songs 04.11–08.11) is a 2012 live album by the folk rock band The Decemberists. The album was recorded during the 2011 Popes of Pendarvia World Tour to promote the album The King Is Dead at venues across the United States. The album was released as a double Compact Disc and a triple vinyl LP set. The title comes from a line in the track The Infanta from the album Picaresque.
 Ranella is a genus of large warm-water and tropical sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Ranellidae the tritons.
 Calvin B. Ball III (September 2 1975) is a member of the U.S. Democratic Party and since April 2006 a Council Member of the 2nd District of Howard County Maryland. On December 4 2006 Dr. Ball made Howard County history when he was elected the youngest Chairperson ever to lead the County Council serving approximately 50000 constituents and on December 6 2010 he was unanimously elected to serve his second term as Chairperson of the County Council. He is married to Shani D.
 Ab Sardan-e Tal Deraz (Persian: اب سردان تل دراز‎ also Romanized as Āb Sardān-e Tal Derāz; also known as Āb Sardān-e Vosţá) is a village in Ludab Rural District Ludab District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 37 families.
 Drwały [ˈdrvawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Mount Dana is a mountain in Washington state in Olympic National Park. It was named in honor of Charles Dana who was an editor of The Sun a New York newspaper.
 Dead Body is a 2002 short film by Kaz Rahman.
 New Avengers/Transformers is an intercompany crossover comic book series published by Marvel Comics and IDW Publishing that involves the pre-Civil War New Avengers and the Transformers. It is set in the fictional nation of Latveria and involves the characters Captain America Spider-Man Iron Man Luke Cage Wolverine Falcon and Ms. Marvel from the Avengers and Prowl Ratchet Jazz Bumblebee and Optimus Prime from the Autobots.
 The Essential Britney Spears is the fourth greatest hits album of American singer Britney Spears. It was released on August 20 2013 by Jive Records and Legacy Recordings.All the tracks are remastered except for Hot as Ice and Out from Under.[citation needed]
 Vasili Mikhailovich Blokhin (January 7 1895 – February 3 1955) was a Soviet Major-General who served as the chief executioner of the Stalinist NKVD under the administrations of Genrikh Yagoda Nikolai Yezhov and Lavrentiy Beria (after their respective falls from power Yagoda and Yezhov were executed by Blokhin himself).
 Rosenberger is an old lunar impact crater in the southeastern part of the Moon. Due to foreshortening this crater appears oval when viewed from the Earth. From orbit however the crater rim is nearly circular.This crater is located in a region rich with prominent craters. The slightly smaller Vlacq is nearly attached to the northwestern outer rim of Rosenberger. Other nearby craters of note include Biela to the east Hagecius to the south-southeast and Nearch to the south-southwest.
 Earl Cooley was the 21st Lieutenant Governor of Colorado serving from 1921 to 1923 under Oliver Henry Shoup.He was born in Richmond Illinois on March 27 1880. He was married and had one child. He served in World War I in the 2nd Colorado Infantry. He had no public political office until he was elected to the office of Lieutenant Governor of Colorado. On February 17 1922 while acting as governor he pardoned a man whom he had defended on the charge of horse-stealing in 1907.
 The Optoceni River is a tributary of the Frasin River in Romania.
 I Can Lick 30 Tigers Today! and Other Stories (ISBN 0-394-80094-X) is a children's story book written by Dr. Seuss and first published in 1969. The title story concerns a boy who brags that he can fight 30 tigers and win. He makes excuse after excuse finally disqualifying all the tigers until he must fight no tigers at all. The illustrations are notable for their use of gouache and brush strokes rather than the usual pen and ink.
 The Sharon Valley Historic District is located around the junction of Kings Hill Sharon Valley and Sharon Station roads in Sharon Connecticut United States. It is a small community that grew up around an iron mining and refining operation during the late 19th century the first industry in Sharon.Many of the buildings within date from that era. Some are intact examples of their respective architectural styles. There are remains of the original industrial facilities and three iron bridges.
 The Bravo is a novel by James Fenimore Cooper first published in 1831 in three volumes. Inspired by a trip to Europe where he traveled through much of Italy the novel is set in Venice. The Bravo is the first of Cooper's three novels to be set in Europe. This group of three novels which one critic would call Cooper's European trilogy include The Heidenmauer and The Headsman. Like his other novels set in Europe The Bravo was not very well received in the United States.
 Desiderata is a 1971 album by Les Crane and with music by Broadway composer Fred Werner. It is a spoken word album with sung refrains and instrumental accompaniment.
 Old Bnai Zion Synagogue (also known as Sunset Palace) is a historic synagogue at 906 N. El Paso Street in El Paso Texas.It was built in 1916 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Anoplolepis custodiens is a species of ant in the genus Anoplolepis native to South Africa.
 Baltimore is a village in Fairfield County Ohio United States. The population was 2966 at the 2010 census.
 Col de Port (el. 1249 m.) is a mountain pass in the French Pyrenees between Massat and Tarascon-sur-Ariège in the massif de l'Arize. It links the Couserans and Ariège valleys.The pass is used occasionally in the Tour de France and is popular with touring cyclists.The name of the pass is tautological as Col means pass in French and Port means pass in Occitan.
 Dumi (also Duni) is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census the village had a population of 1517 living in 332 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census the population was 1877 of which 35% was literate.
 Bridges Worth Burning is an album by the band Kind of Like Spitting. It was released on August 6 2002 on Barsuk Records.Ben Gibbard of Death Cab for Cutie contributed by playing drums on this album.
 The Skating Rink (La Pista de Hielo in Spanish) is a novel by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño. A translation from the Spanish by Chris Andrews was published by New Directions in August 2009.
 John V. McCarthy (c. 1932 – May 24 1987) was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives. While in office he was the sponsor of a bill proposing the establishment of medical schools at three Ohio universities. He left office in 1972 in order to run for election for treasurer of Mahoning County Ohio but did not win the election.
 Ophidiaster granifer the grained seastar is a species of starfish in the family Ophidiasteridae. It is found in the Red Sea and the Indo-Pacific and is the only known species of starfish to reproduce by parthenogenesis.
 Big Zeb (foaled 13 May 2001) is a retired Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in National Hunt racing and was best known for his performances in steeplechases over the minimum distance of two miles. He was slow to mature and made little impact in bumpers and hurdle races before being switched to chasing and winning the Swordlestown Cup Novice Chase in 2008. In the following season he won the Paddy Power Dial-A-Bet Chase but fell twice in five races.
 Sulejki [suˈlɛi̯ki] (German: Suleyken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Olecko and 122 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).Siegfried Lenz named his book of short stories So zärtlich war Suleyken after the village.
 Greg Leding is an American Democratic Party elected official who since 2011 has been a Member of the Arkansas House of Representatives representing the 86th district. He has served as Minority Leader since 2013. From 2011 to 2013 he represented District 92.
 Jaksonek [jakˈsɔnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Aleksandrów 21 km (13 mi) east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 180.
 Barbara of the House of Grebe is the second of ten short stories in Thomas Hardy's frame narrative A Group of Noble Dames. It is told by the old surgeon. The story was published in The Graphic in 1890 and in book form in 1891.
 Jushatuy-e Sofla (Persian: جوشاتوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Jūshātūy-e Soflá; also known as Jūshātū-ye Soflá) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 50 families.
 Earle Chester Clements (October 22 1896 – March 12 1985) was an American farmer and politician. He represented the state of Kentucky in both the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate and was its 47th Governor serving from 1947 to 1950. For three decades he was the leader of a faction of the state's Democratic Party that stood in opposition to the faction led by two-time governor and senator A. B.
 Cumayanı is a village in the District of Köşk Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 563 people.
 Arcola malloi (formerly Vogtia malloi) is a species of snout moth known as the alligator weed stem borer. It is used as an agent of biological pest control against the noxious aquatic plant known as alligator weed (Alternanthera philoxeroides). This moth is native to South America. It was introduced to the United States in the 1970s to attack the alligator weed. It is now established in populations of the weed in the southeastern United States.
 Belenli is a village in the District of Kaş Antalya Province Turkey.
 Deborah Debbie Cook (Born January 22 1954) is the former mayor of Huntington Beach California and was the Democratic candidate for California's 46th congressional district in 2008. Cook was elected to the Huntington Beach City Council in 2000 and re-elected in 2004.
 Calvary Wakefield Hospital is a private Catholic hospital in Adelaide Australia providing acute care with inpatient and outpatient facilities. It also provides dental care and plastic and reconstructive surgery to patients. Since its 2006 acquisition from Ramsay Health Care the hospital has been one of the Little Company of Mary (LCM) Health Care providers overseen by the international religious institute Sisters of the Little Company of Mary.
 Jeff Howe is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota he represents District 13A in central Minnesota.
 Tritonia bayeri is a species of dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
 Bertholdia aroana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1919. It is found in Venezuela.
 Matthew Grove is the Conservative Police and Crime Commissioner for Humberside Police. He is the first person to hold the post and was elected on 15 November 2012 and following a closely fought race with Labour's John Prescott. Grove was previously a local councillor in the East Riding of Yorkshire.
 Euchromius gozmanyi is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in France Spain Portugal on Sardinia and Sicily and in Tunisia Algeria and Morocco.The wingspan is 15–16 mm.
 Blood of Emeralds: The Very Best Of Part 2 is a compilation album by Gary Moore. Released in 1999 the album encompasses a part of Moore's immense career from 1974 to 1998.
 The Rivière à la lime flows in the municipality of Sainte-Geneviève-de-Batiscan in the Les Chenaux Regional County Municipality in the administrative region of Mauricie in the province of Quebec Canada. The “rivière à la lime” drains a watershed of 25.86 km2. This river has a length of 12.14 km and empties into the Batiscan River.
 Général François-Joseph d'Estienne Chaussegros de Léry (9 September 1754 - 5 September 1824) was the Canadian Engineer-in-Chief of Napoleon's Armies and Commander-in-Chief of Napoleon's Armies in the Netherlands. On his death his name was on the list of officers being considered to fill the position of Marshal of France. He was created a Baron d'Empire and on the restoration of Louis XVIII of France he was created Vicomte de Léry and given the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour.
 The Whangae River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally northeast to reach a southwestern arm of the Bay of Islands.
 Ab Bad-e Pedari (Persian: اببادپدري‎ also Romanized as Āb Bād-e Pedarī; also known as Āb Bād Āb Bād-e Peders and Āb Yād-e Badrī) is a village in Khabar Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 12 in 4 families.
 American Journal of Medical Genetics is a peer-reviewed medical journal dealing with human genetics published in three separate sections (parts) by Wiley-Liss: American Journal of Medical Genetics Part A American Journal of Medical Genetics Part B: Neuropsychiatric Genetics American Journal of Medical Genetics Part C: Seminars in Medical GeneticsUntil 1996 they were one journal under the name American Journal of Medical Genetics when they split into Part A and Part B.
 Don Harmon is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate representing the 39th District since 2003. His district includes Chicago's Austin neighborhood and the suburbs of Oak Park Addison Bensenville Elmwood Park Franklin Park Melrose Park Northlake River Grove Rosemont Schiller Park and Stone Park.
 Established in 1964 the Aga Khan Hospital Dar es Salaam is an 80-bed multispecialty hospital offering quality health care. The hospital provides general medical services specialist clinics and state of the art diagnostic services.
 Pizza My Heart is a 2005 movie directed by Andy Wolk and starring Shiri Appleby Michael Badalucco and Eyal Podell. This is a modern retelling of Romeo and Juliet set in modern-day Verona New Jersey. A son and daughter of two rival pizzeria owners fall in love much to the disapproval of both families.The movie premiered July 24 2005 on ABC Family.
 Lake Strom Thurmond also known as Clarks Hill Lake is a reservoir at the border between Georgia and South Carolina in the Savannah River Basin. It was created by the J. Strom Thurmond Dam during 1951 and 1952 by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers near the confluence of the Little River and the Savannah River. At 71000 acres (287 km²) it is the third-largest artificial lake east of the Mississippi River behind the Kentucky Lake on the Tennessee River and Lake Marion on the Santee River.
 Aruq (Persian: اروق‎ also Romanized as Ārūq) is a village in Gavdul-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3566 in 902 families.
 Tales from the Nightside is a collection of stories by author Charles L. Grant. It was released in 1981 and was the author's first book by Arkham House and was published in an edition of 4121 copies. The book cover has been featured on Thrash Metal band Sepultura album Beneath the Remains
 Dino Rossi (born October 15 1959) is a former member of the Washington State Senate. He is an American commercial real estate executive two-time Republican candidate for Governor of Washington and former Republican candidate for United States Senate. His first run for the Governor's mansion in the 2004 election became the closest gubernatorial race in U.S. history; Rossi was certified as Governor-elect before losing a hand recount to Democrat Christine Gregoire.
 Simon and Laura is a 1954 stage comedy by Alan Melville that in 1955 became a Rank Organisation film produced at Pinewood Studios.
 Coleophora acuminatoides is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Nova Scotia.The larvae feed on the seeds of Aster acuminatus. They create a trivalved tubular silken case. It is similar in size to the case of Coleophora bidens but differing in the paler coloration which in freshly formed cases is a light brown.
 John Aloysius Green was born in the parish of Moore County Roscommon Ireland 10 December 1844. His parents were John Green and Bridget (Kenny) Green. John A. Green came to Boston Massachusetts September 2 1852 and attended the common schools. In 1860 he learned the monumental trade and worked at it for ten years. Later he worked in granite sandstone and last of all limestone. Mr. Green came west in 1865 living for a time in Joliet Illinois.
 Direct is a 1988 album by the Greek synthesizer artist Vangelis. The album marks a new development in Vangelis' music employing a somewhat more popular format.
 Unity Presbyterian Church Complex (also known as Old Unity Cemetery; Unity/Municipal Cemetery; Unity Manse) is a historic church in Fort Mill South Carolina.It was built in 1881 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Arkadi Ghukasyan (Armenian: Արկադի Ղուկասյան born 22 June 1957) was the third President of the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. He was elected as the President on 8 September 1997 and re-elected in 2002 until his term ended on 19 July 2007 and was succeeded by Bako Sahakyan.Born in Stepanakert in the Nagorno Karabakh Autonomous Republic of the Azerbaijan SSR on 22 June 1957 he graduated in 1979 from Yerevan State University with a degree in linguistics.
 The Bronaugh Apartments also known as the Hyland Apartments Olive Apartments and Ellsworth Apartments (originally named as three component sub-buildings) are a historic building in Portland Oregon United States. Constructed in 1905 during Portland's period of rapid growth around the Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition it was one of the city's earliest modern apartment buildings contrasting with the boarding houses that were already common.
 The Oregon Commentator is a student publication at the University of Oregon in Eugene Oregon United States. Founded on September 27 1983 and first published on October 24 1983 it is a self-described conservative journal of opinion modeled after such publications as Harvard Lampoon The Onion and Reason Magazine. The magazine's official ideological stance is conservative although many of the ideas and values it promotes might be better described as libertarian.
 Pijawne Polskie [piˈjavnɛ ˈpɔlskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Nowinka 15 km (9 mi) north of Augustów and 98 km (61 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Dalas (Persian: دلس‎; also known as Dalsaq) is a village in Jarahi Rural District in the Central District of Mahshahr County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 7 families.
 Living Room Suite is the eighth studio album by the American singer/songwriter Harry Chapin released in 1978. (see 1978 in music).
 The New York World was a newspaper published in New York City from 1860 until 1931. The paper played a major role in the history of American newspapers. It was a leading national voice of the Democratic Party. From 1883 to 1911 under publisher Joseph Pulitzer it became a pioneer in yellow journalism capturing readers' attention and pushing its daily circulation to the one-million mark.
 The News Line is a daily newspaper published by a British Trotskyist group the Workers' Revolutionary Party. It was launched in 1969 as Workers Press and renamed News Line in 1976.For a time during the 1980s the WRP split into two rival factions and for a short time there were two versions of The News Line being produced every day one by each faction.
 Spilosoma albiventre is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1963. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Tanzania.
 Strawberry Shortcake and the Baby Without a Name is an animated television special from 1984 produced by Nelvana. This is the fifth to feature American Greetings character Strawberry Shortcake.
 Deep Sea Chanteys and Whaling Ballads are two albums recorded then combined for release as a 1941 album by the Almanac Singers. The lineup of the group at the time was Millard Lampell Lee Hays Woody Guthrie and Pete Seeger. The group received a $250 advance for both albums and bought a Buick for a cross country tour.The songs are:
 The Crăiasa River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania. The upper reach of the river upstream of the junction with the Fagu River (Crăiasa) is also known as Pietrele Roșii River.
 Anastasia's Chosen Career (1987) is a young-adult novel by Lois Lowry. It is the seventh part of a series of books that Lowry wrote about Anastasia and her younger brother Sam.
 Yūkan Club (有閑倶楽部 Yūkan Kurabu lit. The Leisure Club) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yukari Ichijo. It is serialized in Shueisha's Bessatsu Margaret. Yūkan Club received the 1986 Kodansha Manga Award for the shōjo category. The manga was adapted into an original video animation by Madhouse Studios. It was also adapted into a Japanese television drama.
 Myron H. Bright (born March 5 1919) is a United States federal judge.Bright was born in Eveleth Minnesota. He joined the U.S. Air Force in 1942 rising to the rank of captain by the time of his discharge in 1946. He received his undergraduate and law degrees from the University of Minnesota the latter in 1947. Following graduation he began practicing in Fargo North Dakota. In April 1968 President Lyndon B. Johnson nominated Bright to an open seat on the U.S.
 Lake Cachi (Spanish: Lago de Cachí ) is an artificial lake in central Costa Rica created by the Cachí Dam (Represa de Cach) an arch dam which is located north of Tapantí National Park to the east-southeast of Cartago in Cartago Province. The main town is Cachí located away from the east bank of the lake. Built in the 1970s it was one of the first hydroelectric projects in Costa Rica.
 Rooden Reservoir is a reservoir in the Piethorne Valley in the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale within Greater Manchester England. It is close to Denshaw in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham.
 Margarita Armando y su padre is a 1939 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Francisco Múgica. The film is based a play by Enrique Jardiel Poncela who himself adapted the film for the silver screen. The film premiered in Buenos Aires and starred Mecha Ortiz and Pedro Quartucci.Production design of the film was performed by Ricardo J. Conord.
 Delichon is a small genus of passerine birds that belongs to the swallow family and contains three species named as house martins. These are chunky bull-headed and short-tailed birds blackish-blue above with a contrasting white rump and with white or grey underparts. They have feathering on the toes and tarsi that is characteristic of this genus. The house martins are closely related to other swallows that build mud nests particularly the Hirundo barn swallows.
 The Seaside Institute in Bridgeport Connecticut is a Richardsonian Romanesque rock-faced granite brick brownstone and terracotta building designed by Warren R. Briggs and completed in 1887 at the corner of Lafayette and Atlantic avenues not far from Seaside Park. Originally built for the use and benefit of the female employees of the Warner Brothers Corset Company it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Aleksinački Bujmir ( Serbian: Алексиначки Бујмир) is a village in Serbia situated in the municipality of Aleksinac in the Nišava District. The population of the village is 467 people (2002 census).
 Vasanthrao Lakangouda Patil (Kannada: ವಸಂತ್ ರಾವ್ ಲಕ್ಕನ್ ಗೌಡ ಪಾಟೀಲ್ Marathi: वसंतराव पाटील) (25 March 1922 – 9 December 2012) widely known as ‘Aaba’ was an Indian politician industrialist and freedom fighter.
 Halloween Party is an album by Pink Anvil released in 2003 by Ipecac Recordings.
 Sico Pass (Spanish: Paso Sico) is a mountain pass on the border between Argentina and Chile. The pass is located on the main divide of the Andes. Administratively it separates the province of Salta in Argentina and the region of Antofagasta in Chile.The pass is served by Chile Route 23 here a gravel road and Argentina Route 51 connecting San Pedro de Atacama on the Chilean side with Catua and San Antonio de los Cobres on the Argentinian side.
 Dysmachus trigonus the fan-bristled robberfly is a species of robber fly (family Asilidae). It preys on other insects in flight.
 Mary Queen of Scots is a 2013 Swiss drama film directed by Thomas Imbach. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Paterno is a 2012 biography of Penn State football coach Joe Paterno book by sportswriter Joe Posnanski. The Paterno family granted Posnanski a great deal of access during the writing process which included the time period of the Penn State child sex abuse scandal and Paterno's firing. The book debuted at #1 on the The New York Times Best Seller list for hardcover non-fiction best-seller.
 Mutus is a lunar crater that is located in the rugged southern part of the Moon. It lies to the north-northeast of the larger crater Manzinus and some distance to the south of Hommel. It is 78 kilometers in diameter and 3.7 kilometers deep. It is from the Pre-Nectarian period 4.55 to 3.92 billion years ago.The outer rim of Mutus is worn and eroded with a pair of small but notable craters Mutus A and Mutus V lying across the eastern rim.
 Bart Rowland (born April 11 1977) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 53 since the February 7 2012 special election to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative James Comer.
 Real Fine Place is a country music album by singer/songwriter Sara Evans. It is her fifth studio album and the follow-up album to the platinum Restless. The album has been certified platinum for U.S. shipments of a million copies.
 Empire is the seventh studio album by New York hardcore punk band Madball. Recorded in Florida during the Summer 2010 and entirely produced by Erik Rutan it was released on October 10 2010.
 Domanice [dɔmaˈnit͡sɛ] (Kashubian: Domanice) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland on the border with West Pomeranian Voivodeship. It lies approximately 44 kilometres (27 mi) south-west of Bytów and 120 km (75 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship).From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.It has a population of 88.
 Raklitza is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Prochilodus nigricans or black prochilodus is a species of freshwater fish from the Amazon Basin in South America.
 The Eigerjoch is a high Alpine pass lying between the Mönch (south) and the Eiger (north). The lowest point (3614 m) on the ridge is named Nördliches Eigerjoch while another pass (3747 m) located closer to the Mönch is named Südliches Eigerjoch.
 Stacy (ステーシー suteishi; also known as Stacy: Attack of the Schoolgirl Zombies) is a Japanese horror comedy film released in 2001. It is based on a novel by Kenji Ohtsuki (大槻 ケンヂ) directed by Naoyuki Tomomatsu in which teenage girls turn into zombies.
 Lutfi Haziri (born 8 November 1969 in Gnjilane Yugoslavia now Kosovo) is the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Kosovo for Culture Youth Sports and Non-Residential Affairs. He headed the delegation of Kosovo in the talks on the political status of Kosovo with Serbia in Vienna in February 2006. Haziri is a central figure in Kosovo politics and a candidate for the successor of the late Kosovo President Ibrahim Rugova for the chairmanship of the Democratic League of Kosovo (LDK).
 Second-Hand was a 2005 Romanian film directed by Dan Pița.
 Clark's Conveniency is a historic home located near Pomona Kent County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story early-18th-century brick house built in three sections: the main block and a wing on the east and west ends. It is representative of the houses built by the smaller but still prosperous planters of 18th-century tidewater Maryland.Clark's Conveniency was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Grzybów [ˈɡʐɨbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek within Zduńska Wola County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Szadek 13 km (8 mi) north of Zduńska Wola and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Greatest Hits is the first compilation album by DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince. The album includes several of the duo's biggest hits including Girls Ain't Nothing but Trouble Parents Just Don't Understand and Summertime. This also includes the previously unreleased track Lovely Daze and two solo tracks by Will Smith from his major-motion picture film Men In Black.
 Dave van Ronk and the Hudson Dusters is a 1967 album featuring Dave Van Ronk.
 St Michael at the North Gate is a church in Cornmarket Street at the junction with Ship Street in central Oxford England. The church is so-called because this is the location of the original north gate of Oxford when it was surrounded by a city wall.
 Enchanted Lady is the fifth album by Detroit Michigan-based R&B group Enchantment.
 Live in Concert is a live album by the noise pop band The Jesus and Mary Chain released in 2003. It contains recordings from two concerts from 1992 and 1995.
 The Tebeleuca River is a tributary of the Teșna River in Romania.
 Nell is a 1994 American drama film starring Jodie Foster as a young woman who has to face other people for the first time after being raised by her mother in an isolated cabin. The film also co-starred Liam Neeson Natasha Richardson Richard Libertini and Nick Searcy. The film was directed by Michael Apted and was based on Mark Handley's play Idioglossia. The original music score is composed by Mark Isham. Foster was nominated for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award for her role.
 Charles Lloyd in the Soviet Union is a live album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd recorded at the International Jazz Festival Tallinn 1967 Kalevi Sport Hall Tallinn Estonia (at that time part of the USSR) in 1967 by the Charles Lloyd Quartet featuring Keith Jarrett Ron McClure and Jack DeJohnette.
 Loving is a 1970 American comedy film released by Columbia Pictures and directed by Irvin Kershner. It is based on the novel Brooks Wilson Ltd. written by pulp magazine illustrator John McDermott under his pen name J. M. Ryan. The movie starred George Segal in the title role of a philandering NYC illustrator and Eva Marie Saint as his wife. The cast also included Sterling Hayden David Doyle Keenan Wynn Roy Scheider and future 20th Century Fox president Sherry Lansing among others.
 Delhi Belly (Hindi: देलही बेली) is a 2011 Indian black comedy film written by Akshat Verma and directed by Abhinay Deo. It stars Imran Khan Kunaal Roy Kapur Vir Das Poorna Jagannathan and Shenaz Treasurywala. While the original version was in Hinglish a Hindi dubbed version was also released. The film is produced by Aamir Khan Productions and IBC Motion Pictures.
 The Indian River is a river and estuary approximately 15 mi (24 km) long in Sussex County in southern Delaware in the United States.It rises approximately 2 mi (3 km) southwest of Georgetown and flows east past Millsboro its head of navigation. It enters Indian River Bay an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean south of Cape Henlopen.
 Il sogno eretico (translatable as The Heretical Dream) is the fifth studio album by the Italian rapper Caparezza released on March 1 2011. The title of the album contains a pun: in Italian eretico sounds like erotico (erotic) so that the reader thinks about a kind of parody of The erotic dream.The album debuts at the second place of official Italian charts FIMI.
 The Canadian Journal of Earth Sciences is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1963 which reports current research on all aspects of the Earth sciences. It is published by NRC Research Press. The journal also publishes special issues that focus on information and studies limited in scope to a specific segment of the Earth sciences. The editor-in-chief is Ali Polat (University of Windsor).
 Norman Andrew (Norm) Davison (December 13 1907 – June 28 1990) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Everett Ontario.A machinist by trade Davison served four terms in the Ontario legislature from 1959 until his retirement in 1975. He was first elected as the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation Member for Provincial Parliament for Hamilton East in the 1959.
 Cryptodaphne gradata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Louis-Tréfflé Dorais (March 19 1835 – January 2 1907) was a merchant and political figure in Quebec. He represented Nicolet in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1883 to 1888 as an independent conservative.He was born in Sainte-Martine Lower Canada the son of Léon Dorais and Félicité Lamagdelaine and was educated there. He was an exporter and dealer in hay. In 1856 he married Marie-Louise-Elmire Poisson. Dorais was postmaster at Warwick. In 1872 he moved to Saint-Grégoire.
 Kalalgamuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The Great Smith House Hustle is a novel for children by the American writer Jane Louise Curry.The Smith clan who after moving across the country to live in Grandma Smith’s old house in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania learn they are to be evicted. The Smith children with the help of the community race to uncover a long-standing scam to steal the houses of seniors before the savings and loan repossesses Grandma’s home.
 Ruined Kingdoms is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1994.
 The Man The Myth The Legacy is the second album from rapper Lord Infamous released on October 23 2007. It was his first solo album in over a decade. Pressured by a close friend and manager Roman White collaborations with LaChat and tracks produced by Jae Bino sparked the beginning of this project. Track 14 is the new version the original Yeah I'm Wit It featured Kingpin Skinny Pimp.
 Hemagalma is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Rushagan (Persian: روشگان‎ also Romanized as Rūshagān; also known as Rūshakān) is a village in Qahan Rural District Khalajastan District Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 14 families.
 The Green Ripper (1979) is a mystery novel by John D. McDonald the eighteenth of 21 in the Travis McGee series. It won a 1980 U.S. National Book Award in the one-year category Mystery.The plot is centered on revenge against a secretive terrorist cult that is responsible for killing McGee's lover Gretel. The title is a word play on the name of the Grim Reaper. McGee's friend Meyer an economist features prominently in the novel.
 Pseudoclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.
 Hylorchilus is a genus of bird in the Troglodytidae family. It contains the following species: Nava's Wren (Hylorchilus navai) Sumichrast's Wren (Hylorchilus sumichrasti)
 Joanne M. Joanie Mahoney (born 1965) is the County Executive of Onondaga County New York. She is the first woman to hold this position. She took office on Tuesday January 1 2008.
 Szlasy-Złotki [ˈʂlasɨ ˈzwɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Orthogonius dongnanya is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
 James Pate Philip (born May 26 1930 in Elmhurst Illinois) is a Republican from Wood Dale Illinois. Philip was a member of the Illinois House of Representatives from 1966 to 1975 and the Illinois Senate from 1975 until his retirement in 2003. He was known as a highly influential politician in the Illinois state legislature both for the projects that he passed and blocked in state government and for his often-blunt comments on some issues. Richard S.
 Edwin McMasters Stanton (December 19 1814 – December 24 1869) was an American lawyer and politician who served as Secretary of War under the Lincoln Administration during most of the American Civil War. Stanton's effective management helped organize the massive military resources of the North and guide the Union to victory.After Lincoln's assassination Stanton remained as the Secretary of War under the new President Andrew Johnson during the first years of Reconstruction.
 Czaplice [t͡ʂaˈplit͡sɛ] (German: Neu Zapplin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice within Gryfice County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Karnice 15 km (9 mi) north of Gryfice and 79 km (49 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The John P. Parker House is a National Historic Landmark in Ripley Ohio. It was home to former slave and inventor John P. Parker from 1853 to his death in 1900 and was a stop on the Underground Railroad. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and it was further designated a National Historic Landmark in 1997.
 Rybnica Leśna [rɨbˈnit͡sa ˈlɛɕna] (German: Reimswaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieroszów within Wałbrzych County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Mieroszów 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Wałbrzych and 72 kilometres (45 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 210.
 To the Wonder is a 2012 romantic drama art film written and directed by Terrence Malick starring Ben Affleck Olga Kurylenko Rachel McAdams and Javier Bardem. Filmed in Oklahoma and Paris France it premiered in competition at the 2012 Venice Film Festival. where it was nominated for the Golden Lion Award. It won the SIGNIS Award in another festival.
 Vail Montgomery Delony (January 5 1901 – November 18 1967) was a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Lake Providence in East Carroll Parish Louisiana having served from 1940 until his death in office. He was also Speaker of the chamber from 1964 until his death.Delony was born in Lake Providence where he resided all of his life to Tobias Stephens Delony and the former Helen Montgomery.
 Hanover Lutheran Church is a Lutheran congregation located in Cape Girardeau Missouri which is a member of the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod. The congregation's original organization came about in 1846 as a result of the heavy German immigration to Missouri in the 19th century.
 The Gulf of Varna (Bulgarian: Варненски залив Varnenski zaliv) is a gulf on Bulgaria's Black Sea coast. The length of the gulf is 3 kilometres (1.9 mi). Its maximum width is 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) and its depth ranges from 10 to 18 metres (33 to 59 ft). The Port of Varna and the major city of Varna are located on the gulf.
 Yeh Mohabbat Hai is a 2002 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Umesh Mehra starring Rahul Bhatt Johnny Lever Parikshit Sahni Akanksha Malhotra Mohnish Behl Gulshan Grover Arbaaz Khan Nasir Khan and Danny Denzongpa
 Engine House No. 6 is a historic fire station located at Baltimore Maryland United States. This two story brick building features a 103-foot Italian-Gothic tower at the apex of its truncated triangular shape. It was built in 1853-54 and the tower is said to be a copy of Giotto’s campanile in Florence Italy.Engine House No. 6 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Hassan Ali Joho is a Kenyan politician. He belongs to the Orange Democratic Movement and was elected to represent the Kisauni Constituency in the National Assembly of Kenya since the Kenyan parliamentary election 2007. During 2013 election he was elected governor of Mombasa County. He is the first governor of Mombasa County.
 The Riverside Hotel is a public house and hotel located in Cinderhill Street Monmouth Wales. The hotel has a bar and a function room and has 17 bedrooms.
 Gioco al massacro (internationally released as Massacre Play and The Wounded King) is a 1989 Italian thriller-drama film directed by Damiano Damiani.
 Nikagolla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Bandajou is a village on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the town had a population of 1129. The current estimate for 2009 is 1988 people
 King George Hospital is an NHS hospital in Barley Lane Goodmayes in the London Borough of Redbridge. The nearest rail stations are Goodmayes (Greater Anglia) and Newbury Park Underground station (Central Line).
 Phelps Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County New York.
 The Drift is a collaborative EP by producer-composer Arjun Singh and musician Michelle Chamuel. Released in January 2014 the EP is a collection of six original songs and was in the works for about a year. The fifth track Drift features vocals by hip hop artist Isaac Castor in a duet with Chamuel. The second track Not Now had been released as a single in November 2013. A review was positive and complimentary to Chamuel's lyrics and vocals and to Singh as a musician.
 The Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital (NNUH) is a National Health Service academic teaching hospital located on the Norwich Research Park off the A11 road and the Watton Road (B1108) on the southern outskirts of Norwich England.The university hospital replaced the former Norfolk and Norwich Hospital which was founded in 1771 and the West Norwich Hospital.
 Umurata is a mountain in the Andes about 5717 m (18757 ft) high situated in the Cordillera Occidental on the border of Bolivia and Chile. It is located in the Arica and Parinacota Region of Chile and in the Oruro Department of Bolivia in the Sajama Province Turku Municipality Chachakumani Canton south of the Uqi Uqini volcano and Sura K'uchu north of the Acotango and north east of the Wallatiri volcano. Umurata lies south of National Route 4 near the Chungara-Tambo Quemado pass.
 Hideaki Ōmura (大村 秀章 Ōmura Hideaki born March 9 1960) is a Japanese politician the governor of Aichi Prefecture. He was a former member of the Liberal Democratic Party also a member of the House of Representatives in the Diet (national legislature). A native of Hekinan Aichi and graduate of the University of Tokyo he joined the Ministry of Agriculture Forestry and Fisheries in 1982. He was elected to the House of Representatives for the first time in 1996.
 Takan (Persian: تكان‎ also Romanized as Takān) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 7 families.
 Al Jissah is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Glens Falls Home for Aged Women is a historic residential building located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built in 1903 and is a large T shaped 2 1⁄2-story brick institutional building topped by a gambrel roof in the Colonial Revival style. It features a central entrance pavilion with a gambrel-roofed cross gable and a semi-circular entrance portico.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Seoce is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 115 people.
 Red White and Blue Paradise: The American Canal in Panama (ISBN 0-151-76135-7) is a history of the Panama Canal Zone by Herbert and Mary Knapp.It is at once an intellectual history of the Canal Zone and its host Republic and an account of the authors' own reluctant emergence from a fashionable contempt for the Zonians.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 5 or Now 5 was released in 1986. The album is the fifth edition of the South African Now! series.
 Shovel Headed Tour Machine: Live At Wacken & Other Assorted Atrocities is a live DVD album by American thrash metal band Exodus. It was recorded at Exodus's July 2008 performance at the Wacken Open Air Festival in Germany.
 One to One is the third album by British pop musician Howard Jones released in October 1986. The CD release also contains the single version of No One Is to Blame (a song featured on his previous album) with Phil Collins on backing vocals and drums. The album contained the hits You Know I Love You...Don't You? (US top twenty) and All I Want (top 40 in many European countries).
 Grace Church Rectory is a historic church rectory at 301 Broad Street in Windsor Connecticut.It was built in 1870 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Four Year Plan is a documentary film directed by Mat Hodgson about London based football club Queens Park Rangers.The film chronicles the take over of the nearly bankrupt club in 2007 by a consortium of billionaires and their effort to promote the team to the Premier League by 2011. The consortium consisted of Bernie Ecclestone Flavio Briatore and Alejandro Agag steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal and Amit Bhatia.
 Dominate is the third album by Adagio. The album was produced by Stephan Forté and Kevin Codfert and mixed at House Of Audio Studios in Germany by Dennis Ward. It is also the first and only Adagio album to feature Gus Monsanto on vocals.
 Sharonov is a lunar impact crater that lies on the Moon's far side. It is located to the southeast of the crater Anderson and to the southwest of the ray-covered Virtanen. To the south-southeast of Sharonov lies Valier.This crater is roughly circular with a slight outward bulge along the southern rim. The rim edge is well-defined and has not been significantly degraded as a result of impact erosion.
 Gerandigala is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Scopula capnosterna is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on Sulawesi.
 Olivella altatae is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.
 Limketkai Luxe Hotel (Chinese:林堅尼地城啟酒店和度假村) is a hotel and resort complex located in Limketkai Center Cagayan de Oro Philippines. The construction of the first tower was completed in the last quarter of 2013 at the cost of 1.9 billion pesos. while the south end is still undergoing construction. The hotel has been operational since 1st quarter of 2014. The development is owned and jointly developed by Limketkai Sons Inc. Cagayan de Oro's largest company.
 Integrity Title Insurance Trust and Safe Deposit Company is a historic bank building located in the Northern Liberties neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1902 and an addition was built in 1912. The two-story building is in a German baroque style and has a limestone base with Pompeiian brick and flat stone arches.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Smell of Success is an Initiate Productions film directed by Michael Polish starring Billy Bob Thornton Téa Leoni Kyle MacLachlan and Ed Helms. The film’s original title was Manure.
 Eric Tanenblatt (born August 15 1966) is a U.S. Republican Party activist from the state of Georgia. He was a presidential elector in 2000 and 2004. He later served as Chief of Staff to Governor Sonny Perdue. Tanenblatt is currently a senior managing director of national government affairs at the law firm of McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP.
 Sir Robert Thorne Coryndon (2 April 1870 – 10 February 1925) was a British colonial administrator a former secretary of Cecil Rhodes who became Governor of the colonies of Uganda (1918–1922) and Kenya (1922–1925).He was one of the most powerful of colonial administrators of his day.
 Saintly Sinners is a 1962 film about a priest who reforms his parishioners but gets accused of armed robbery. The New York Times described it as a piece of low budget whimsey.. achieves the improbable feat of being almost as bad as it sounds.
 Saad-eddine Rafiq Al-Hariri (Arabic: سعد الدين رفيق الحريري‎; born 18 April 1970) is a Lebanese billionaire who served as the Prime Minister of Lebanon from 2009 until 2011. He is the second son of Rafiq Hariri the former Lebanese Prime Minister who was assassinated in 2005. Hariri was prime minister from 9 November 2009 until the collapse of his cabinet on 12 January 2011 and has also been the leader of the Movement of the Future party since 2005.
 Vincent Joseph Vince Fumo (born May 8 1943) is a former politician lawyer and businessman from Philadelphia Pennsylvania. A Democrat he represented a south Philadelphia district in the Pennsylvania Senate from 1978 to 2008. On March 16 2009 he was convicted of 137 federal corruption charges. On July 14 2009 he was sentenced to 55 months in federal prison.
 Patti Rocks is a 1988 comedy film starring John Jenkins Karen Landry and Chris Mulkey and directed by David Burton Morris.
 V obrazech (English: In Pictures) is the second set of the original motion pictures scores by Petr Hapka which was released in 2003.The forty tracks collection compils his music written for the movies Upír z Feratu (English: Ferat Vampire directed by Juraj Herz 1982) Tisícročná včela (English: A Thousand-year-old Bee directed by Juraj Jakubisko 1983) Perinbaba (English: The Feather Fairy also directed by Jakubisko 1985).Apart from others the album also features vocal performances by Marika Gombitová on three tracks in total (Jaro léto podzim zima Píseň and Běh času).
 Jasin [ˈjaɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Swarzędz within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Swarzędz and 13 km (8 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 994.
 Small Voice is the first album by Lea Salonga recorded when she was only nine years old. The album reached #1 in the Philippines and went gold then platinum. Philippine critics gave the album and Salonga's performance positive reviews. After the success of the album she was given her own variety show called Love Lea.
 Matono (Greek: Ματώνω; English: I'm bleeding) is the title of the sixth studio album by the popular Greek artist Peggy Zina released in 2004 by Minos EMI.
 Dijamanti... (English translation: Diamonds...) is the third studio album of Bosnian singer Halid Bešlić. It was released in 1984.
 Greatest is a greatest hits compilation album released in 1998 by the band Duran Duran.
 Ocieka [ɔˈt͡ɕeka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Ostrów 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Ropczyce and 33 km (21 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.(Between 1975-1998 Ocieka was in the Rzeszów Voivodeship). The village has a population of 1233 and lies on the main road between Ropczyce and Mielec.
 Remains of Elmet is a collection of poems by Ted Hughes published in 1979. In this book Hughes has poetically covered the region of Elmet. The book contains black and white photographs by Fay Godwin taken in the barren hill country of West Yorkshire Hughes's birthplace.The book was re-published by Faber and Faber in 1994 re-titled as Elmet with a third of the book comprising additional new poems and photographs.
 Zodarion alentejanum is a spider species found in Portugal.
 Orochi: Blood (おろち) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kazuo Umezu. It was published in English by Viz Media. It was adapted into a live action film in 2008.
 John Trezise Tonkin AC (2 February 1902 – 20 October 1995) popularly known as Honest John was an Australian politician.
 The Majada River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Rock On is the second live release by the Australian band The Screaming Jets released in 2005. It was also released as a DVD (Rock On) with this disc as a bonus disc.
 Country Home was a country lifestyle magazine published by Meredith Corporation. The magazine featured decorating and collecting food and entertaining fashion and well-being travel and shopping. Country Home provided ideas and inspiration for readers who live a country lifestyle or aspire to create one in city lofts farmhouses suburban colonials getaway cottages or wherever else.
 This article describes the ninth album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 9 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 9 was released on March 19 2002. The album is the ninth edition of the (U.S.) Now! series. It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 albums chart in April 2002.
 Fennimore Store is a historic commercial building located at Leipsic Kent County Delaware. It was built between 1840 and 1860 and is a two-story hipped roofed frame structure clad in weatherboard siding. It features a full width porch on two sides. It is representative of mid-19th century commercial vernacular architecture.
 Cope's eastern Paraguay tree frog Hypsiboas polytaenius is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers intermittent rivers freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land pastureland plantations rural gardens urban areas heavily degraded former forests ponds irrigated land and canals and ditches.
 The River Gryfe or River Gryffe is a river and tributary of the Black Cart Water running through the historic county of Renfrewshire and the modern council areas of Renfrewshire and Inverclyde in the west central Lowlands of Scotland United Kingdom. It gives its name to the surrounding area of Gryffe Valley also known as the former lordship of Strathgryfe.
 Stuart Malcolm Leggatt (November 9 1931 – September 21 2002) was a Canadian politician and judge.Born in New Westminster British Columbia he received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of British Columbia and a law degree in 1954. He practiced law in Port Coquitlam and Vancouver. In 1969 he was elected as an alderman in Port Coquitlam. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the riding of New Westminster in 1972 federal election.
 All About Men is a CD which is presented by Universal Music and produced by TVB Music Limited. The songs in this CD are all by male actors. This CD was produced in April 2005.
 Und-raja-varam is a village and a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Hoplocorypha nigra is a species of praying mantis found in the region of the Congo River.
 Bujurquina is a genus of cichlid fish endemic to South America. Most species in the genus are restricted to the western Amazon Basin. The only exceptions are B. mariae from the Orinoco Basin and B. oenolaemus and B. vittata from the Paraguay–Paraná Basin.
 Valley of Eagles (US release title Valley of the Eagles) is a 1951 British thriller film written and directed by Terence Young and starring Jack Warner Nadia Gray and John McCallum. A Swedish scientist's crucial new invention is stolen by his wife who tries to take it to the Soviet Union.
 The Walthamstow Reservoirs are located in the London Borough of Waltham Forest at Walthamstow. They form part of the Lee Valley Reservoir Chain which supplies drinking water to London and are owned and managed by Thames Water. The complex comprises ten reservoirs which are a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI):Lockwood ReservoirHigh Maynard ReservoirLow Maynard ReservoirEast Warwick ReservoirWest Warwick ReservoirReservoirs numbered 1 to 5↑ ↑ ↑
 The Sierra del Escudo de Cabuérniga is a mountain range in Cantabria Spain. It is a northern foothill of the Cantabrian Mountains located between the main ranges and the Bay of Biscay. Its highest point is 927 m high Gándara.Traditionally in Cantabria this range has been considered the border between La Marina (The Coast) and La Montaña (The Mountain).
 Signabøur is a village on the east coast of the Faroese island Streymoy in the Torshavnar municipality.The 2005 population was 157. Its postal code is FO 416. There was a whaling station here from 1903 to 1920.22
 From Now On New Songs + Best Selection is a studio album Malaysian singer Nicholas Teo. It was released on April 28 2008.
 Diwancheruvu is a village and a grama panchayat in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh India. This village and its surroundings are famous for custard apple cultivation and marketing.
 Hajjiabad-e Naseri (Persian: حاجي اباد ناصري‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Nāşerī) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District Marvast District Khatam County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Irondequoit Bay is a large body of water located in northeastern Monroe County New York. The bay roughly 0.5 miles (0.80 km) wide and 4 miles (6.4 km) in length is fed by Irondequoit Creek to the south and flows into Lake Ontario at its northern end.
 Theories for Everything subtitled An Illustrated History of Science From the Invention of Numbers to String Theory is a book published by the National Geographic Society. It details the history of science from its earliest beginnings to the latest discoveries. Available in two versions Deluxe and Standard it was originally offered to National Geographic Society members and subsequently in the society's online shop.
 Hypolophota amydrastis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypolophota. It was described by Turner in 1904 and is known from Australia (including Queensland).
 James Pollock (September 11 1810 – April 19 1890) was the 13th Governor of the State of Pennsylvania from 1855 to 1858.
 Phyllonorycter telinella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Spain.The larvae feed on Teline monspessulana. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 The Search for Signs of Intelligent Life in the Universe (1991) is the filmed version of the one-woman stage show written by Jane Wagner and starring Lily Tomlin which won the Drama Desk Award for Unique Theatrical Experience.Directed by John Bailey and edited by Sally Menke the film stays true to the original stage performance earning it the Golden Space Needle Award at the Seattle International Film Festival.
 Benjamin Taisacan Manglona (born March 31 1938) is a politician and civil engineer in the United States Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI). He is the CNMI’s longest serving elected official having served as a congressman senator and former mayor of Rota (the third largest island in the CNMI chain). Manglona served as the third Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands of the Northern Mariana Islands from 1990 to 1994 and as Mayor of Rota from 1998 to 2006.
 Große Haube is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. It is 658 metres above sea level. The mountain is part of a large low mountain range located in Bavaria. The name Große Haube is German for large hood.
 Slaves for Life is the debut album by Israeli folk/progressive metal band Amaseffer released on June 6 2008 in Israel and June 24 2008 worldwide by InsideOut Music.The album is the first in a trilogy of albums telling the old testament's story of the Exodus from the Hebrew slavery period in ancient Egypt through the years in the desert and up to the entrance of the twelve tribes of Israel to the promised land of Canaan (later Israel).
 Anil’s Ghost is the critically acclaimed fourth novel by Michael Ondaatje. It was first published in 2000 by McClelland and Stewart.Anil’s Ghost follows the life of Anil Tissera a native Sri Lankan who left to study in Britain and then the United States on a scholarship during which time she has become a forensic pathologist. She returns to Sri Lanka in the midst of its merciless civil war as part of a Human Rights Investigation by the United Nations.
 Pseudophoxinus zeregi is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Turkey.Its natural habitat is rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Ouémé River is a river in the countries of Benin and Nigeria. It flows into the Atlantic Ocean near the large city of Cotonou Benin (pop. 761000). Also known as the Weme River this river has its source in the Atakora Mountains of Benin. This river is about 300 miles (480 km) long and it flows past the towns of Carnotville and Ouémé to a large delta on the Gulf of Guinea near the seaport city of Cotonou.
 Dodsworth is a 1936 American drama film directed by William Wyler and starring Walter Huston Ruth Chatterton and Mary Astor. Sidney Howard based the screenplay on his 1934 stage adaptation of the 1929 novel of the same name by Sinclair Lewis. Huston was likewise recreating his stage role.The center of the film is a study of a marriage in crisis.
 The Lilian's Lovebird (Agapornis lilianae) also known as Nyasa Lovebird is a small African parrot species of the lovebird genus. It is mainly green and has orange on its upper chest and head. It is 13 cm (5 inches) long and is the smallest parrot on mainland Africa. In captivity it is uncommon and difficult to breed.
 Lucid Interval is the third full-length album released by Cephalic Carnage. It was released in 2002 via Relapse Records. The album was reissued by Relapse Records with a bonus track on September 13 2011.
 Pelochyta aliena is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Maassen in 1890. It is found in Colombia.
 Wola Grabska [ˈvɔla ˈɡrapska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 This article is about the 2002 novel; For other uses see Yacoubian BuildingFor the film of the same name see The Yacoubian Building (film).The Yacoubian Building (Arabic: عمارة يعقوبيان‎ ʿImārat Yaʿqūbīān) is a novel by Egyptian author Alaa-Al-Aswany.
 Wielkie Chełmy [ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ˈxɛu̯mɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Brusy 21 km (13 mi) north of Chojnice and 85 km (53 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 294.
 Nelson Doi formally Nelson Kiyoshi Doi (born January 1 1922) was the fifth Lieutenant Governor of Hawaii from 1974 to 1978 in the first elected administration of Governor George Ariyoshi. Doi is a member of the Hawaii Democratic Party.
 Radisson Blu is a five-star hotel in Chennai India. It is located at on GST Road at Meenambakkam 2 km from Chennai International Airport.
 Sehar (2005) is an Indian Hindi language action crime drama film directed by Kabeer Kaushik starring Arshad Warsi Pankaj Kapur Sushant Singh and Mahima Chaudhary. Based on real-life incidents and individuals the film depicts organized crime in the late '90s in the state of Uttar Pradesh India and how the State Police worked to tackle it.
 Overcome by Happiness is a Pernice Brothers album released in 1998.
 Susquehanna is the fifth studio album by American band the Cherry Poppin' Daddies released on Space Age Bachelor Pad Records in February 2008 and later re-issued on Rock Ridge Music in September 2009.Susquehanna marked the Daddies' return to recording after a nearly decade-long break following their brief hiatus in 2000 and sporadic touring throughout 2002 - 2006.
 Joseph McIlvaine (October 2 1769 – August 19 1826) was a United States Senator from New Jersey from 1823 until his death.
 Bagbana is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4756 people living in 796 individual households.
 Arhopala alitaeus is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Asia (see subspecies section).
 Jay Prakash Narayan Yadav (born 2 August 1954) is an indian politician from bihar .He was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Monghyr constituency of Bihar and is a member of the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) political party.
 Mount Gass is a mountain located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide and is part of the Rocky Mountain chain. It was named in 1928 after Gass L.H. The mountain is 2865 m (9400 ft.) tall and has two peaks the southernmost being the highest. In 1948 King Bearpaw a Stoney Indian and Bill Watt went prospecting on the mountain specifically on the eastern peak where they had seen unusual looking rocks.
 Eldfell is a composite volcanic cone just over 200 metres (660 ft) high on the Icelandic island of Heimaey. It formed in a volcanic eruption which began on the eastern side of Heimaey in the Westman Island on 23 January 1973. This came without any sign of warning. The name of Eldfell means Mountain of Fire in Icelandic.The eruption caused a major crisis for the island and nearly led to its permanent evacuation.
 Yevhen Petrovych Kushnaryov (Ukrainian: Євген Петрович Кушнарьов Jevhen Petrovyč Kušnar'ov; Russian: Евгений Петрович Кушнарёв Evgenij Petrovič Kušnarëv) (January 29 1951 – January 17 2007) was a prominent Ukrainian politician of the post-Soviet era. Kushnaryov was considered one of the chief ideologues of the Party of Regions and a key ally of Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych.
 Lemuel Franklin Smith (April 21 1890 – October 15 1956) was a Virginia lawyer and judge. He was born in Albemarle County Virginia. He attended local schools and later received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Randolph Macon College where he was a member of the Kappa Sigma fraternity. After teaching for three years at Randolph Macon Academy he entered law school at the University of Virginia where he received his law degree in 1916. Shortly after that he and John S.
 Komisario Palmun erehdys (1960) (Swedish title: Mysteriet Rygseck; international title: Inspector Palmu's Error) is a Finnish crime film directed by Matti Kassila for Suomen Filmiteollisuus. It is set in Helsinki in the 1930s and centers around Inspector Palmu's investigation of the murder of rich and decadent Bruno Rygseck. It is based on Mika Waltari's 1940 novel of the same name and was the first film adaptation of his Inspector Palmu novels.
 Shargh (شرق in Persian meaning East in English) is the most popular reformist newspaper in Iran.
 DJ Sammy At Work (In the Mix) is the first remix album by DJ Sammy. It was released in 1998.
 Jim Ardis is the mayor of Peoria Illinois a position he has held since 2005. He served on the Peoria City Council from 1999 through 2005.
 The Cireșna River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Maestro Zone is the third studio album by Canadian rapper Maestro Fresh Wes released April 21 1992 on Polydor/PolyGram Records. It is a re-packaged version of his previous album The Black Tie Affair featuring four new songs. The only single was Another Funky Break (From My Pap's Crate). In 1992 just before the album was released Maestro moved to Brooklyn New York in an attempt to expand his fanbase in the US. It was nominated for Best Rap Recording at the 1993 Juno Awards.
 Czernice [t͡ʂɛrˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Opinogóra Górna 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Ciechanów and 78 km (48 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Sikakurmu is a village in Meeksi Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 3rd ~Love Escalation!~ (3rd～LOVEエスカレーション!～ Sādo ~Rabu Esukarēshon~) is the third album from the Japanese girl idol group Cute. It was released in regular and limited editions on March 12 2008 on the Zetima Records label.
 Kinnikuman (キン肉マン) also known as Kinnikuman: Stolen Championship Belt (キン肉マン 奪われたチャンピオンベルト Kinnikuman Ubawareta Chanpion Beruto) is the first theatrical film of the anime series Kinnikuman. It was released in Japan on July 14 1984 along with Choudenshi Bioman Uchuu Keiji Shaider and The Kabocha Wine.
 The Perlidae are a family of stoneflies with a total of 84 species in 15 genera. The majority of the Perlidae are found in eastern North America but they occur world-wide except for Antarctica and parts of Africa. Their lifecycles range between one and three years. They adults emerge in the summer; they are very active and known to be attracted to light sources. They are usually very sensitive to changes in environment. Perlidae are usually lotic and lentic erosional.
 Pygaerinae is a subfamily of the moth family Notodontidae the silver prominents and relatives. The genus list is preliminary as not all Notodontidae have been assigned to subfamilies yet.
 Şaban Erden who was born in Kırklareli in 1949 is the Deputy Secretary General of the Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality.After the high school education at Kabataş Erkek Lisesi (Kabataş Erkek Lisesi) he graduated from the Civil Engineering Faculty of Istanbul Technical University (İTÜ) in 1972 with a Master of Science degree in Civil Engineering.
 Maria Manuela Dias Ferreira Leite GCC • GCIH (born Lisbon 3 December 1940) commonly known as Manuela Ferreira Leite (Portuguese pronunciation: [mɐnuˈɛlɐ fɨˈʁɐjɾɐ ˈlɐjtɨ]) is a Portuguese economist and politician.
 The Taiwan Salt Museum (Chinese: 臺灣鹽博物館; pinyin: Táiwān Yán Bówùguǎn) is a museum about salt in Qigu District Tainan Taiwan.
 Mulrien House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built in 1862 and is a 1 1⁄2-story Gothic Revival–style dwelling with a steeply pitched slate-covered cross gable roof. It features curved and cut-out bargeboard with ornamentation and a small balcony over the front door.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Spanish Synagogue is one of the two functioning synagogues in the Venetian Ghetto of Venice northern Italy. It is open for services from Passover until the end of the High Holiday season.
 David G. Greenfield is an American attorney and a member of the New York City Council representing the 44th council district which comprises the neighborhoods of Bensonhurst Borough Park and Midwood in Brooklyn New York. Greenfield was elected by his Brooklyn colleagues to co-chair the Brooklyn delegation and serve as their representative on the Budget Negotiating Team of the New York City Council.
 Strong Hand of Love: A Tribute to Mark Heard is a compilation of songs by various artists in tribute to songwriter Mark Heard. Recorded and released in 1994 after Heard's death in 1992. Proceeds benefit the Heard Family Fund. In 1996 most of these tracks and many more were rereleased as the 2 CD Orphans of God.
 Beeston Castle is a former Royal castle in Beeston Cheshire England (grid reference SJ537593) perched on a rocky sandstone crag 350 feet (107 m) above the Cheshire Plain. It was built in the 1220s by Ranulf de Blondeville 6th Earl of Chester (1170–1232) on his return from the Crusades.
 John William Meece (born June 3 1843) was a member of the Mississippi Legislature in 1911.He also served as a Sergeant for the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War. After the war Meece taught for several years in different counties and was married to Elizabeth Jason Jefcoat in 1874. Meece was elected to the Mississippi Legislature in 1911.
 The James McPartland Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 17 Pond Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built c. 1888 it is a rare surviving instance of the form in Worcester's East Side Irish neighborhood. It has a hip roof with decorative brackets in the eaves.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Legend of Seven Cutter (aka Escaping Charisma) is a 2006 South Korean film starring popular Korean singer-turned-actress Yoon Eun Hye.
 R.E.O. Speedwagon was the debut album by American rock band REO Speedwagon. Released in 1971 it was the only album recorded with singer Terry Luttrell until Kevin Cronin joined the band for R.E.O./T.W.O.
 The Secret Intensity of Everyday Life is a novel by the British playwright novelist and Oscar nominated screenwriter William Nicholson.
 Bebearia denticula is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Nigeria.
 Joe D. Whitley currently in private practice at Greenberg Traurig was the first General Counsel for the United States Department of Homeland Security. During the George H.W. Bush administration Joe served as the Acting United States Associate Attorney General the third-ranking position in the Department of Justice. Under President Ronald Reagan he was the U.S. Attorney in the Middle District of Georgia in Macon and under President George H.W. Bush Whitley served as the U.S.
 Good Answer is an EP by The Spinto Band released in 2004.
 Enchelycore tamarae is a moray eel found in coral reefs around India. It was first named by Prokofiev in 2005 and might feed on crustaceans.
 The Sacrifice is a post-apocalyptic young adult horror novel written by best-selling author Charlie Higson. The book takes place in London after a worldwide sickness has infected adults turning them into something akin to zombies and begins five days after the end of The Fear. It was published by Puffin Books in the UK and Australia on 20 September 2012. The Sacrifice is the fourth novel in the Enemy series with previous instalments titled The EnemyThe Dead and The Fear.
 Somokluy-e Sofla (Persian: سمكلوي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Somoklūy-e Soflá; also known as Somoklū Somoklū-ye Soflá and Sūmīlkū) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 83 in 20 families.
 Mantidactylus granulatus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations and heavily degraded former forest.
 Cetostoma regani the Pink flabby whalefish is a species of flabby whalefish found in the ocean depths down to 2250 metres (7380 ft). This species grows to a length of 24.7 centimetres (9.7 in) SL.
 Support for Learning is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Nasen. The journal was established in 1986 and covers the field of special education as it relates to mainstream schools. Topics of note include the relationship between theory research and practice curriculum development and delivery and classroom management.
 Khankhaneh (Persian: خنخنه‎; also known as Khal Khāneh Khalkhāneh and Khel Khāneh) is a village in Solduz Rural District in the Central District of Naqadeh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 399 in 82 families.
 The Fantasy/Science Fiction novel No Present Like Time (2005) by Steph Swainston is the sequel to the critically acclaimed The Year of Our War (2004).Again the Emperor’s winged messenger Jant is the protagonist of the story. The novel features a successful challenger to the position of Swordsman in the Emperor’s Circle of immortals and the rebellion of the former holder of that position.
 Dimboola is a 1979 Australian independent film about a country wedding reception. It is based on the 1969 play of the same name by Jack Hibberd and was principally filmed on location in Dimboola Victoria.
 St. Faith's Church Cowes is a parish church in the Church of England located in Cowes Isle of Wight. In October 2013 the Diocese of Portsmouth revealed plans to close the church and merge the parish into a team ministry with other nearby churches.
 Berbar (Persian: بربار‎ also Romanized as Berbār) is a village in Kukherd Rural District Kukherd District Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 28 families.
 Common names: Iranian mountain viper zigzag mountain viper.Vipera albicornuta is a venomous viper species endemic to Iran. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 Mount Blaurock is a mountain located in the Sawatch Range in Chaffee County Colorado within the San Isabel National Forest. It was named after Carl Blaurock a co-founder of the Colorado Mountain Club.
 Neuromancer is a 1984 novel by William Gibson a seminal work in the cyberpunk genre and the first winner of the science-fiction triple crown — the Nebula Award the Philip K. Dick Award and the Hugo Award. It was Gibson's debut novel and the beginning of the Sprawl trilogy. The novel tells the story of a washed-up computer hacker hired by a mysterious employer to pull off a truly righteous hack.
 Touch 'Em with Love is the fourth album by Bobbie Gentry. The first of two albums she released in 1969 it was recorded in Nashville and produced by Kelso Herston. It was released on Capitol Records.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Clonk Clonk is one of three novellas by William Golding published together under the title The Scorpion God in 1971. Clonk Clonk is set in pre-historic Africa - some 70000 years ago. A tribe lives under the heat of the African Sun. The men and women live largely separate lives with the women taking the lead and the men being seen as stupid and reckless.[citation needed]
 Dicopis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. It is now considered a synonym of Psaphida.
 Euvrilletta occidentalis is a species of beetles in the genus Euvrilletta of the family Anobiidae.
 Batavia's Graveyard: The True Story of the Mad Heretic Who Led History's Bloodiest Mutiny (2002) is a book by Welsh author Mike Dash about the Dutch ship Batavia shipwrecked in 1629 on a small island in the Houtman Abrolhos atoll off the western shore of Australia.The book retells the story of one of the largest mutinies in history led by one of the ship's officers Jeronimus Cornelisz who eventually oversaw the murder of at least 110 people.
 Carry On is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Dinah Shurey and starring Moore Marriott Trilby Clark and Alf Goddard.
 Hot Stuff is the 172nd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Thur is a 131 km (81 mi) long river in north-eastern Switzerland. Its source is near the mountain Säntis in the south-east of the canton of St. Gallen. In this canton it flows through the Toggenburg region and the town Wil. After Wil it flows through the canton of Thurgau and its capital Frauenfeld. The final 19 km (12 mi) of the river Thur are in the canton of Zürich. It flows into the river Rhine on the border with Germany south of Schaffhausen.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Trenton is a village in Hitchcock County Nebraska United States. The population was 560 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Hitchcock County.
 Il Cromuele (/ɪlkrɔːˈmwɛlæ/; The Cromwell) is a tragedy in five acts first edition 1671 last reprint 1673. It was thought and written by Girolamo Graziani through the sixties of the 17th century in Modena during the troubled reign of Laura Martinozzi.
 Głębokie [ɡwɛmˈbɔkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszówka within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Emmelina argoteles is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in southern and central Europe through Russia to India China Korea and Japan. It was discovered in Great Britain in 2005.The wingspan is about 17 mm.The larvae feed on Calystegia sepium Calystegia sodanella Calystegia japonica Convolvulus species and Ipomoea batatas.
 Wolf Lake is a lake in the Hudson Bay drainage basin located in the municipal district of Bonnyville No. 87 in census division No. 12 Alberta Canada. Its primary inflow and outflow is the Wolf River which flows via the Sand River Beaver River and Churchill River to Hudson Bay.
 She's Not Really Cheatin' (She's Just Gettin' Even) is the 17th album by country singer Moe Bandy (Marion Franklin Bandy Jr.) released in 1982 on the Columbia label and recorded at Sound Emporium and CBS Recording Studios A and B Nashville Tennessee.
 Destiny Line is the debut studio album by American-born Japanese pop singer Leah Dizon. It was released on September 12 2007 by Victor Entertainment. Dizon herself also wrote or co-wrote 10 of the tracks.
 Kamionki [kaˈmjɔnki] (German Kamionken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Giżycko and 82 km (51 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Warsaw Academy is a historic school in Warsaw Wyoming County New York. It is a two-story cobblestone structure measuring 35 feet by 57 feet in the Greek Revival style. Built as a school in 1846 the building has housed a Masonic temple since 1907. A two-story brick wing was added in 1854 and a one story stucco wing was added in 1928.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Terra Terra - The Aquarius Era is a musical work by Nicholas Lens. It is the second part of the operatic trilogy The Accacha Chronicles following the successful first part Flamma Flamma. In 12 sections the score combines orchestra chorus and six operatic voices that contrast with the eerie tonalities of two female nasal-natural singers.
 The Breaza River is a tributary of the Geamărtălui River in Romania.
 Summer of ’98: When Homers Flew Records Fell and Baseball Reclaimed America is a 1999 book written by Mike Lupica a sports columnist for the New York Daily News and an ESPN analyst. The book follows the 1998 baseball season that featured Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa chasing Roger Maris home run record. Lupica’s book approaches the subject in a three generational context where his father himself and his son are all passionate baseball fans following the home run competition.
 Dominican Friary Winchester was a friary in Hampshire England.
 Agelena atlantea is a species of spider in the family Agelenidae which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders. It was first described by Fage in 1938. It is commonly found in Morocco.
 The Tecucel River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 Judson Jud McMillin is a Republican member of the Indiana House of Representatives representing the 68th District since being elected in 2010.He defeated incumbent Robert Bischoff who had held the position for over 30 years by a 54 to46 percent margin. During his freshman session he was appointed Vice Chair on the House JudiciaryCommittee and he served on the Court and Criminal Code Committee and Roads and TransportationCommittee.
 The Yellow-winged grasshopper (Gastrimargus musicus) is a common grassland locust in Australia and India. It only displays its yellow back wings in flight when it also emits a loud clicking sound.
 Byron Alan Clark (born 1960) is a businessman from Hot Springs in Garland County Arkansas who is a Republican member of the Arkansas State Senate from District 13. He represents Hot Spring County and parts of Garland Grant and Saline counties.
 I Killed My Lesbian Wife Hung Her on a Meat Hook and Now I Have a Three-Picture Deal at Disney is a 1993 short satirical film directed by Ben Affleck from a screenplay by Kamala Lopez and Jay Lacopo. The film is Affleck's first directorial effort.
 Sihinaya Dige Enna (Come along the dream) is a 2012 Sri Lankan film directed by Chandrarathne Mapitigama. It is a musical love story which also focuses on Sri Lankan ethnic issues.
 Eudonia delunella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 17–18 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on various mosses and Lichen.
 Schmollensee is a lake in Usedom Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 0 m its surface area is 5.03 km².
 The Florile Albe River is a tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.
 Przystajnia-Kolonia [pʂɨsˈtai̯ɲa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Katak (Persian: كتك‎ also Romanized as Kotok) is a village in Lar Rural District Laran District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 49 families.
 Stone Mountain is the centerpiece of Stone Mountain State Park. It is a dome of exposed granite (specifically a quartz diorite to granodiorite) of Devonian age which has intruded into the gneiss of the Precambrian Alligator Back Formation. It rises sharply over 600 feet (183 m) above the surrounding terrain. The mountain which has an elevation of 2305 feet (706 m) above sea level is known for its barren sides and distinctive brown-gray color and can be seen for miles.
 Farewell (Russian: Прощание) is a 1983 Soviet film based on Valentin Rasputin's novel Farewell to Matyora and directed by Elem Klimov.
 Aghlian (Persian: اغليان‎ also Romanized as Āghlīān) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District Simmineh District Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 37 families.
 The Yadkin Ripple is a weekly newspaper based in Yadkinville North Carolina. It was first published in East Bend North Carolina on October 18 1892.The Ripple published on Thursdays was purchased in June 2007 by Heartland Publications. It has a circulation of 5740 according to the UNC-Chapel Hill School of Journalism and Mass Communications. It shares a publisher and its production staff with The Tribune in Elkin and is printed at The Mount Airy News.
 Metisella kumbona is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It was described by Evans in 1937. It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
 Zulfiqar Ahmad Dhillon (born on October 2 1948 in Addian village Punjab) is a Pakistani politician and a retired Brigadier in the Pakistan Army.After retiring from the Army Dhillon was a Pakistani Punjabi politician from Pakistan Muslim League (Q) and served as Provincial Minster Education for Punjab between 1997-1999. Subsequently he was elected as a Member of Pakistan National Assembly in the 2002 General Elections. He graduated from Government College Lahore in 1959 with a Bsc.
 Siah Rud Poshteh (Persian: سياهرودپشته‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Rūd Poshteh; also known as Sīāh Rūd) is a village in Rostamabad-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 152 in 41 families.
 Platyptilia vinsoni is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Mauritius.
 President's House is the official residence of the President of Sri Lanka located in Colombo Sri Lanka. It used to be the Queen's House until Sri Lanka became a Republic in 1972.
 The Catholic Worker is a newspaper published seven times a year by the Catholic Worker Movement community in New York City. The newspaper was started by Dorothy Day and Peter Maurin to make people aware of church teaching on social justice. Day said the word Worker in the paper's title referred to those who worked with hand or brain those who did physical mental or spiritual work.
 Nodiscala zelandica is a species of very small deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Epitoniidae the wentletraps.
 Diamond of Istanbul is the tallest building under construction in Istanbul Turkey being built in the city's Maslak central business district. It is also the country's first steel skyscraper.
 Opisthopterus is a genus of longfin herring in the family Clupeidae. There are currently six species in this genus.
 The Hochstuckli (1566 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps overlooking Mostelberg in the canton of Schwyz.In winter the mountain is part of a ski area. A ski-lift climbs to a height of 1486 metres.
 Big Guns is a 2006 film about a 60- to 75-year-old Senior Softball team Kids At Heart. The film was directed and written by John Rester Zodrow and stars Barry Primus Mel Novak Susan Thomas and Gino Giordan.The premise of the movie is loosely based on real life events that took place a number of years ago in the Senior League World Series where allegations of underage players and doctored or altered bats lead to the disqualification and banning of a Senior League World Series team.
 Ashford (Irish: Áth na Fuinseoige) historically known as Ballymacahara (Irish: Baile Mhic Aodha Charraigh) is a village in County Wicklow Ireland. It lies on the River Vartry and at the meeting of the R772 R763 and R764 regional roads. The village was formerly on the main Dublin–Wexford route the N11 but was bypassed by the new N11 in 2004.Ashford is about 3 km (1.9 mi) north of Rathnew which is on the outskirts of the town of Wicklow.
 Betrayal Knows My Name (裏切りは僕の名前を知っている Uragiri wa Boku no Namae wo Shitteiru) also known as UraBoku is the title of a Shōjo manga by Odagiri Hotaru. It premiered in the Shōjo magazine Monthly Asuka in October 2005. An anime adaptation began on April 2010 on Chiba TV.
 The Knapweed Fritillary (Melitaea phoebe) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone except the Northernmost locations. It used to include Melitaea telona recently revalidated as a distinct cryptic species.The wingspan is 34–50 mm. The butterfly flies from April to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Plantago and Centaurea species (including Centaurea jacea).
 The Amelungsburg is a 292-metre (958 ft) high hill in the Lippe Uplands in central Germany in the municipality of Dörentrup in the district of Lippe.The Amelungsburg is believed to be the observation hill (Warthberg) belonging to the Piepenkopf rampart system located on its south-southwestern spur. Investigations into the charred remains (Brandfunde) at the site of the settlement with its double-embankment have been dated to 250 B.C.
 Pot o' Gold is a 1941 American romantic musical comedy film starring James Stewart and Paulette Goddard directed by George Marshall and based on the radio series Pot o' Gold. The film was released April 3 1941 eight months before the NBC radio series came to an end. Paulette Goddard's singing voice was dubbed by Vera Van.The film is also known as Jimmy Steps Out (American alternative title) and as The Golden Hour (in the United Kingdom).
 The Erin-Warren Fractional District No. 2 Schoolhouse also known as the Halfway Schoolhouse is a school building located at 15500 Nine Mile Road in Eastpointe Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1990.
 Mohammadabad (Persian: محمداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Baba Aman Rural District in the Central District of Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4368 in 1002 families.
 The William D. Fenton House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a 2.5-story single-family dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in the Queen Anne style in 1892 it was added to the register in 1979.Notable features of the asymmetrical house include many porches and projections intricate decorative elements variegated siding a wrap-around veranda a flare-top chimney and a stained-glass side door.
 Sir Murray Love Hammick KCSI CIE (May 11 1854 – March 4 1936) was an Indian civil servant and administrator who acted as the Governor of Madras from March 30 1912 to October 30 1912.
 President Wilson in Paris is a 1973 Australian TV movie based on the play by Ron Blair set during the Paris Peace Conference 1919.
 Les maîtres fous (The Mad Masters – 1955) is a short film directed by Jean Rouch a well-known French film director and ethnologist. It is a docufiction his first ethnofiction a genre he is considered to have created.
 Lyddie is a 1991 novel by Katherine Paterson. Set in the 19th century this is a story of determination and personal growth. When thirteen-year-old Lyddie and her younger brother are hired out as servants to help pay off their family's debts Lyddie is determined to find a way to reunite her family.
 Saptapadii is 2013 Gujarati film produced by Amitabh Bachchan Corporation starring Manav Gohil and Swaroop Sampat in leading roles. Saptapadii (A Businessman’s Wife) is the story of a contemporary Gujarati (Indian) woman who risks her comfortably settled married life of 20 years to do what she believes in. Saptapadii had been released in theatres across India on 1 February 2013 and had a record-breaking run of 12 weeks.
 Shur Hayat (Persian: شورحيات‎ also Romanized as Shūr Ḩayāt) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District in the Central District of Aqqala County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 795 in 167 families.
 Sharifabad (Persian: شريف اباد‎ also Romanized as Sharīfābād; also known as Eshkambarābād Shekambarābād Ishtambarābād and Shekambor Abad) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 42 families.
 Gymnothorax serratidens is a moray eel found in the southeast Pacific ocean around Peru. It was first named by Hildebrand and Barton in 1949.
 Company President's Secretary: Hunting Big Tit Sexual Harassment (社長秘書　巨乳セクハラ狩り Shachō Hisho: Kyonyū Sekuharakari) is a 2007 Japanese pink film written and directed by Kuninori Yamazaki. It won the award for Sixth Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and lead actor Yutaka Ikejima was named Best Actor.
 Vermeer's Hat: The Seventeenth Century and the Dawn of the Global World is a book by the historian Professor Timothy Brook in which he explores the roots of world trade in the 17th century through six paintings by the Dutch Golden Age painter Johannes Vermeer. It focusses especially on growing ties between Europe and the rest of the world and the impact of China on the world during what Brook sees as an age of innovation and improvisation.
 The Construction and Principal Uses of Mathematical Instruments (French: Traité de la construction et des principaux usages des instrumens de mathématique) is a book by Nicholas Bion first published in 1709. It was translated into English in 1723 by Edmund Stone.It was described as the most famous book devoted to instruments by historian of science David M. Knight.
 St. Andrew's Episcopal Church is located at North Main and Madison (U.S. Route 20) avenues in Albany New York United States. It is a complex of three buildings centered around the church itself a stone structure designed by architect Norman Sturgis in the Late Gothic Revival architectural style and built in 1930. In 2005 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The congregation was established by a downtown church St.
 Bang Bang Bang is the eleventh studio album of German band Bad Boys Blue. It was released on June 20 1996 by Intercord. The record includes two singles: Hold You in My Arms and Anywhere.
 The Kehila Kedosha Janina (Holy Community of Janina) synagogue at 280 Broome Street between Allen and Eldridge Streets in the Lower East Side neighborhood of Manhattan New York City was built in 1925-27 and was designed by Sydney Daub. It is now the only Romaniote rite synagogue in the Western Hemisphere.
 Attabiyeh-ye Jonubi (Persian: عطابيه جنوبي‎ also Romanized as ‘Attābīyeh-ye Jonūbī) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 28 families.
 We Shall Not Flag Or Fail We Shall Go On To The End is the first full length album by accordion singer-songwriter Geoff Berner.It was released in 2003 in Canadian and US territories.
 Hebrews is the sixth full-length studio album by American rock band Say Anything. On March 25 the band announced via their label Equal Vision Records's blog that their new record entitled Hebrews titled after front-man Max Bemis's Jewish lineage would be released on June 10 2014. Early on in the recording process it was announced that the album would be self produced by Bemis and engineered by Garron DuPree.
 The Bell Telephone Building located at 920 Olive Street in downtown St. Louis Missouri was built in 1889 for the purposes of housing the switchboard and local headquarters of the Bell Telephone Company. The building served as the main telephone exchange for St. Louis from its construction until 1926 and it is the oldest extant telephone building in St. Louis (and possibly was the first building constructed for the telephone industry in St. Louis).
 Tan-Shapur was an Sasanian nobleman who served as Marzban of Persian Armenia from 552/554 to 560.
 The Medical Letter on Drugs and Therapeutics (commonly referred to as The Medical Letter) is a peer-reviewed biweekly medical journal providing evaluations of pharmaceutical drugs. It is published in English French and Italian The Medical Letter Inc. which also publishes the monthly Treatment Guidelines from The Medical Letter. the journal is abstracted and indexed in Index medicus/MEDLINE/PubMed.
 The Coruia River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 7 Grandmasters (虎豹龍蛇鷹絕拳) is a 1978 kung fu film directed by Joseph Kuo starring Mark Long Jack Long Corey Yuen and Lee Yi Min. It was filmed in Mandarin as opposed to Cantonese which is more common due to Hong Kong's enormous output on the genre.
 Piranha is a 1972 thriller film.
 Amazing Things is a 1993 album the eighth by Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig.Amazing Things was ranked the #3 best album of the 1990s in the music review column The War Against Silence by Glenn McDonald: The most life-affirming album ever made. Maybe the most life-affirming art work ever made.The cover features a close-up photo of the Hugh MacDiarmid Memorial near Langholm created by sculptor Jake Harvey.
 Boner's Ark was an American comic strip created by Mort Walker also the creator of Beetle Bailey. Walker debuted the strip under the pseudonym Addison on March 11 1968. The title is a reference to Noah's Ark of Abrahamic religions.Designed and written by Mort Walker Boner's Ark first appeared on March 11 1968.
 Lieutenant Colonel Peter Bonnevaux (b. c.1752 - d. 1797) was the 4th Military Governor of British Ceylon. He was appointed in 2 July 1797 and was Governor until 12 July 1797. He was succeeded by Pierre Frédéric de Meuron.Bonnevaux joined the 10th Madras Native Infantry of the East India Company as an Ensign in 1768 rose to rank of Lieutenant Colonel in 1794.
 Happiness is a 2014 French-Finnish documentary film written directed and produced by Thomas Balmès. The film premiered in-competition at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 17 2014. It won the Documentary World Cinema Cinematography Award at the festival.The film premiered at 2014 Thessaloniki Documentary Festival in Views of the World section on March 16 2014. It will also premiere at 2014 San Francisco International Film Festival on April 27 2014.
 Things We Deeply Feel the fourth album release for The Archers and their first release for the West Coast’s powerful CCM franchise Light Records. The record company went all out for the project bringing in some of Hollywood’s top studio players including several Steely Dan alumni. Released before national charts were created it spawned several top airplay list hits including the #1 “It Wouldn’t Be Enough”.
 Hauz Khas Complex (Hindi: हौज़ ख़ास Punjabi: ਹੌਜ਼ ਖ਼ਾਸ Urdu: حوض خاص‎) in Hauz Khas South Delhi houses a water tank an Islamic seminary a mosque a tomb and pavilions built around an urbanized village with medieval history traced to the 13th century of Delhi Sultanate reign.
 Jean-Jacques Dordain (born April 14 1946) is the current Director General of the European Space Agency and has held the position since 2003.Graduated at École Centrale Paris in 1968 Dordain began his scientific career in the French Aerospace Research Agency (ONERA) and later worked as a professor at the National Higher School of Aeronautics and Aerospace in the 1970s and 1980s. He has conducted extensive research in rocket engines and microgravity experiments.
 Hasan Mashadi Huseyn oghlu Aghayev (Azerbaijani: Həsən bəy Ağayev; 1875 – 1920) known also as Hasan bey Aghayev and Hasan Aghazada was an Azerbaijani public figure journalist doctor teacher and politician. He served as the Deputy Speaker of National Assembly of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic (ADR)
 The Fairholme Range is a mountain range east of the Bow River valley in the Canadian Rockies. The range is bounded by the Trans-Canada Highway on the west side while the northern section of the range extends into Banff National Park to the southern shores of Lake Minnewanka.
 Kristin Halvorsen (born 2 September 1960 in) is a Norwegian socialist politician. She served as Minister of Finance from 17 October 2005 to 20 October 2009 and as Minister of Education from 20 October 2009 to 16 October 2013. Taking over as leader of the Socialist Left Party in 1997 she established an unprecedented level of consensus within the party. At the 2005 election the party received a disappointing 8.8% share of the vote and in 2009 down further to 6.2%.
 Clough Head is a fell in the English Lake District. It is the northernmost top of the Helvellyn range in the Eastern Fells standing to the south of Threlkeld and the A66.
 The Essential Gloria Estefan is the seventh compilation album released by American singer Gloria Estefan but is the twentieth-eighth album overall released in 2006. It is part of Sony BMG's The Essential series.The album included a special bonus interview by Internet in which Estefan's talks about every song of the album.On August 31 2010 the album was reissued with a bonus disc and retitled Essential 3.0.
 Ambetilia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Balinsky in 1994 and contains the species Ambetilia crucifera. It is found in South Africa.
 End Titles... Stories for Film is the fourth studio album from British electronic music act Unkle inspired by feature films created since Unkle's previous 2007 album War Stories released on 7 July 2008 (2008-07-07). The album follows a title and a mixed soundscape after Unkle's 2005 mix album Edit Music for a Film: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack Reconstruction but unlike that composed entirely of original material.
 The Road to Serfdom is a book written by the Austrian-born economist and philosopher Friedrich von Hayek (1899–1992) between 1940–1943 in which he warned of the danger of tyranny that inevitably results from government control of economic decision-making through central planning and in which he argues that the abandonment of individualism and classical liberalism inevitably leads to a loss of freedom the creation of an oppressive society the tyranny of a dictator and the serfdom of the individual. 
 The Yankee Years is a book written by Tom Verducci and Joe Torre. The book chronicles Torre's years as manager of Major League Baseball's New York Yankees from 1996 to 2007. It goes into great detail on Torre's relationship with the players general manager Brian Cashman team owner George Steinbrenner and the Yankees organization as a whole.
 Catching Up with Depeche Mode is a compilation released only in North America by British band Depeche Mode on 11 November 1985. As the title suggests it was an attempt to let the (American) public catch up with the band's four previous LP's by including singles and album songs. The compilation contains the band's singles not already available on the People Are People compilation as well as the band's two most recent B-sides Flexible and Fly on the Windscreen.
 The US Southwest Soaring Museum is an aviation museum located at 918 E US Route 66 in Moriarty New Mexico United States that focuses on the history of gliding in the western United States.The museum is an affiliate member of the Soaring Society of America.
 7 Walkers is an album by the rock band 7 Walkers. The group's only album it was released on CD and LP on November 2 2010.The band 7 Walkers was formed in 2009 by former Grateful Dead drummer Bill Kreutzmann and guitarist and singer Malcolm Welbourne better known as Papa Mali along with multi-instrumentalist Matt Hubbard and bass player Reed Mathis.
 St Paul's on Symonds Street in Auckland New Zealand is a historic Anglican church near The University of Auckland and Auckland University of Technology with a creative vibrant and spirit-filled community.St Paul's is Auckland's oldest church. Occupying its third building it is known as the Mother Church of Auckland as the original St Paul's was the first church to be built in the city in the same year that the original town was established.
 Roobuka is a village in Saku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 Wesolowskana is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Both described species are endemic to the Cape Verde Islands. The genus should possibly be included in the genus Pseudicius. It was renamed from its original name Luxuria which was already in use for a genus of molluscs.
 Blood Covered Words is an EP by the heavy metal Canadian band A Perfect Murder.
 Neaveia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae endemic to the Afrotropics. It consists of only one species Neaveia lamborni the Pierine Blue which is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of frests and open areas.
 Super Mario-kun (スーパーマリオくん Sūpā Mario-kun) is a Japanese kodomo manga series written and illustrated by Yukio Sawada and serialized in the monthly manga anthology CoroCoro Comic. Individual chapters are collected into tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan who released the first volume on July 27 1991 and have released 45 volumes as of November 28 2012. The series has not been licensed outside of Japan.
 The Homorod River (Hungarian:Homoród-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Watch Out! is a 1987 album released by R&B singer Patrice Rushen. This album was the only album Rushen released with Arista Records after leaving Elektra Records. The album produced several R&B hits for Rushen. Watch Out was a playful upbeat title single which made out to be a Top Ten R&B hit. Other songs such as: Somewhere Anything Can Happen All My Love Till She's out of Your Mind Come Back to Me and Tender Lovin were also popular with her fans.
 The Small Yellow Wave (Hydrelia flammeolaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in most of the Palearctic ecozone from western Europe to Japan.The wingspan is 14–20 mm. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from mid May to August.The larvae feed on various deciduous trees including Alnus (including Alnus glutinosa and Alnus incana) and Acer (including Acer campestris) species. Larvae can be found from July to September. It overwinters as a pupa.
 Arnheim is a historic plantation home located at Radford Virginia. It was built between 1838 and 1840 and is a two-story three bay Federal / Greek Revival style brick dwelling. It is a symmetrical double-pile plan dwelling 40 feet square and sitting on a raised brick basement. In 1939 it was converted into a home economics annex for the adjacent Radford High School. Arnheim was built by Dr. John Blair Radford for whom the City of Radford is named.
 Noam Bramson (born December 13 1969) is an American politician from the state of New York. He is the mayor of New Rochelle New York and has served since being appointed in January 2006 to complete the unexpired term of Mayor Timothy C. Idoni. Bramson was reelected in 2011 with 79% of the vote.Prior to becoming mayor Bramson served for ten years on the New Rochelle City Council as a representative of the Fifth City District.
 Broken Path/Broken Fist/Attack Of The Yakuza is a Martial Arts Action film starring Power Rangers alumni Johnny Yong Bosch and Daniel Southworth. The film is directed by Koichi Sakamoto with the help of his Alpha Stunts Team.
 You've Got to Stand for Something is the debut album of American country music artist Aaron Tippin. The title track was Tippin's first chart entry peaking at #6 on the Billboard country charts in 1991. Also released from this album were I Wonder How Far It Is over You and She Made a Memory out of Me which reached #40 and #54 respectively. In My Wildest Dreams was would later be recorded by Kenny Chesney as the title track to his 1994 debut album In My Wildest Dreams.
 Vuolep Sårjåsjávrre is a lake which lies on the border between Norway and Sweden. The western part lies in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county Norway and the eastern part lies in Jokkmokk Norrbotten county Sweden. The 7.17-square-kilometre (2.77 sq mi) lake lies just to the east of the large Blåmannsisen glacier.
 Torii Tadateru (鳥居 忠英 1665 – May 12 1716) was a Japanese daimyo of the early Edo period who ruled the Shimomura Minakuchi and Mibu Domains.
 City on a Hill: It's Christmas Time is the third album released in the City on a Hill series of compilation albums by popular CCM musicians.
 Sex Objects is the third full-length studio album by The Briefs released in 2004 on CD and yellow and black vinyl. It was released in France with an additional unnamed track and on yellow wax records.
 The Shadow of the Wind (Spanish: La Sombra Del Viento) is a 2001 novel by Spanish writer Carlos Ruiz Zafón and a worldwide bestseller. The book was translated into English in 2004 by Lucia Graves and sold over a million copies in the UK after already achieving success on mainland Europe topping the Spanish bestseller lists for weeks. It was published in the United States by Penguin Books and in Great Britain by Weidenfeld & Nicolson and by Orion Books.
 Izatha epiphanes is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is endemic to New Zealand where it is widespread throughout the North Island.The wingspan is 17–25 mm for males and 18.5–28 mm for females. Adults are on wing from late October to February.Larvae have been reared from dead wood of Pittosporum tenuifolium and Fuchsia excorticata and dead standing wood of a Coprosma species (probably Coprosma grandifolia).
 St Audry's Hospital Melton Suffolk England was known as a psychiatric hospital from about 1917 having previously been an asylum that was founded in 1827. The hospital was closed in about 1993 and converted for use as residences. The administration block with the main entrance has been a Grade II listed building since 11 June 1985 and the South Entrance Pavilion has been Grade II listed since 14 November 1997.
 Mercy is the second album by the Burden Brothers which was released on October 31 2006 by Kirtland Records.The album was released 2 weeks earlier on October 17 in digital format on iTunes and other download sites.
 José R. Rodríguez (born March 1 1948) is a Democratic member of the Texas State Senate from District 29 in El Paso Texas.Rodríguez was born to migrant laborer parents in Alice in Jim Wells County Texas. From a young age he worked alongside them in the fields to help support a family of nine.Rodríguez graduated from the University of Texas - Pan American then known as Pan American University in Edinburg in South Texas. As an undergraduate in 1971 he served as student body president.
 ...Ich töte mich jedesmal aufs Neue doch ich bin unsterblich und ich erstehe wieder auf; in einer Vision des Untergangs... (German:...I kill myself every time anew but I am immortal and I rise again; in a vision of Doom..; usually referred to as ...Ich töte mich...) is the debut album by darkwave band Sopor Aeternus & the Ensemble of Shadows and was released in 1994.
 The Dusky-lemon Sallow (Xanthia gilvago) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 32–38 mm. The moth flies from August to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on English elm.
 L'Heptade is the third and final album from Harmonium. It was released as a double-LP in 1976 and is considered by some critics to be one of the most important Québécois albums in popular music.
 Boot to the Head is a Canadian comedy album performed by The Frantics comedy troupe. Originally released as an LP in 1987 it was re-issued in 1996 as a CD with the same track listing. The album features a number of skits from their radio show Frantic Times as well as a few sketches that could not be aired to a general audience. The sketches were recorded over a three-day period in front of a live audience at the Toronto Free Theatre.
 The Federal Register abbreviated FR or sometimes Fed. Reg. is the official journal of the federal government of the United States that contains government agency rules proposed rules and public notices. It is a daily (except federal holidays) publication.The Federal Register is compiled by the Office of the Federal Register (within the National Archives and Records Administration) and is printed by the Government Printing Office.
 Al Corazón (English language:To the Heart) is a 1996 Argentine documentary musical film dancing directed and written by Mario Sábato. The film starred Libertad Lamarque and Alberto Castillo. The film explores the history of tango dancing in Argentina and was filmed in Buenos Aires Argentina.
 Voyage ~Sans Retour~ is the second album by Malice Mizer released on June 9 1996. The title is French for voyage of no return. It is their first material released with second vocalist Gackt. The first press edition limited to 5000 came in a plastic slipcase with an additional Visual Arts Booklet.
 A Girl of the Bush is a 1921 Australian silent film directed by Franklyn Barrett. It is one of the few films from Barrett to survive in its entirety today.
 Rehovice is a village in the municipality of Qendër in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 Red Hill volcanic field also known as Quemado volcanic field is a monogenetic volcanic field located in the vicinity of the ghost town of Red Hill in Catron County New Mexico USA. Also known as the Quemado volcanic field Red Hill is 24 kilometers (15 mi) east of the larger Springerville volcanic field and immediately south of the Zuni Salt Lake field. The area is made up of scoria cone and silicic dome fields. The last eruption was 23 ka BP.
 Doraemon The Movie: Nobita's Great Battle of the Mermaid King (ドラえもん のび太の人魚大海戦 Doraemon Nobita no Ningyo Daikaisen) also known as Doraemon the Legend 2010 is a 2010 Japanese film based on the manga of the same name. The film was released on March 6 2010.As part of the franchise's 40th anniversary (and the 30th anniversary of the first Doraemon film) it was released in selected Singaporean cinemas on December 9 2010 in Chinese.
 Lehigh Valley Railroad Headquarters Building also known as the Conrail Building is a historic office building located at Bethlehem Northampton County Pennsylvania. It is a red brick building set on a stone masonry base. The building was built by the Lehigh Valley Railroad in two stages; the ground through third floors were constructed in 1885-1886 and the upper floors and western wing were added in 1889-1890. The building's style reflects Late Victorian Gothic and Queen Anne influences.
 Wygon [ˈvɨɡɔn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Bierzwnik 28 km (17 mi) east of Choszczno and 89 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Siebenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Fulika is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4910 people living in 811 individual households.
 Philip Akot Akok Kiir (born January 1 1937) is a South Sudanese pastor former educator and politician.
 69 is a 1988 album by A.R. Kane.
 Niziny [niˈʑinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków within Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Sobków 16 km (10 mi) east of Jędrzejów and 24 km (15 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Torchlight to Valhalla is a lesbian-themed novel published by Random House in 1938 written by Gale Wilhelm. The novel is considered a classic in lesbian fiction being one of the few hardbound novels with lesbian content to be published in the early 20th century. Quite rare for lesbian fiction in this time the ending is actually satisfactory for the lesbian characters. It was also reissued in 1953 by Lion Publishers but titled The Strange Path.
 Kuara (Russian: Куара) is a river in Sverdlovsk Oblast Russia a right tributary of Vogulka River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 27 km. Area of drainage basin is 186 km². Main tributaries: Bolshoy Miass River and Miass River (right).
 Emigrant Springs in Lincoln County Wyoming near Kemmerer was an important camping ground area of wagon trains on the Emigrant Trail headed for California or Oregon and is now a historic site listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is located on a main branch of the Sublette Cutoff of the Emigrant Trail where the slightly longer but better watered Slate Creek Cutoff rejoins the Sublette Cutoff. It is named for a spring feeding Emigrant Creek which empties into Slate Creek.
 David Harris is a member of the Illinois House of Representatives serving as the representative for the 53rd District since being sworn into office in 2011.
 Bells of Doom is a compilation album of Swedish Symphonic metal band Therion released by the official fan club (now called Therion Society) in 2001. The album was originally available for Therion Society members only but is now available to anyone in Therion's Official online store. It contains rare tracks from early recordings of the band.
 Schwartziella puncticulata is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae.
 The Mezzanine (1988) is the first novel by Nicholson Baker about what goes through a man's mind during a modern lunch break.
 Songs the Lord Taught Us is the debut studio album by the American garage punk band The Cramps. It was released in 1980 on Illegal Records.
 River Bann (Irish: An Bhanna) is a river in County Wexford in the southeast of Ireland. It rises in the southern slopes of Croghan Mountain in North Wexford on the County Wicklow border. It flows south and is joined by the Blackwater Stream near the village of Hollyfort. Veering southwest it passes under the R725 then continuing southwestwards it flows beneath the N11 national primary route at the village of Camolin.
 X (Japanese: エックス Hepburn: Ekkusu) also known as X/1999 is a Japanese shōjo manga series created by Clamp a creative team made up by Satsuki Igarashi Nanase Ohkawa Tsubaki Nekoi and Mokona. It premiered in Monthly Asuka's May 1992 issue and ran there until the magazine's editors showed concern with the increasingly violent stories and the series went on long-term hiatus in March 2003. The story takes place at the end of days in the year 1999.
 The Booth (Bûsu: original Japanese title) is a 2005 Japanese horror film directed by Yoshihiro Nakamura and starring Ryuta Sato. The Booth was released on DVD in the United States May 23 2006 distributed by the Tartan Video under their label Tartan Asian Extreme.
 No. 5 Collaborations Project is an extended play by British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran. The track was the fifth out of five EP's recorded in a hope to get him signed by a record label. Sheeran wanted each song to act as a musical and tried to avoid lyrics about women. Musically the album combined sensitive production with serious subject matters and haunting themes. The EP features a collection of grime artists such as; Devlin Wiley P Money Ghetts and JME.
 George T. Darany is a Democratic politician from Michigan currently serving in the Michigan House of Representatives.Darany is a former member of Dearborn City Council the owner of a small business Classic Trolly Company and worked as a realtor and broker for 16 years.
 Congress is a village in Wayne County Ohio United States. The population was 185 at the 2010 census.
 Panzer Division Marduk is the sixth studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded and mixed at The Abyss in January 1999 and released in June 1999 by Osmose Productions. The theme of the album is war as Nightwing was blood and La Grande Danse Macabre (the band's next studio album) would be death forming a trilogy of Blood War and Death Marduk's vision of what black metal is unending grimness.
 Paul Boyer is an American politician and a Republican member of the Arizona House of Representatives representing District 20 since January 14 2013.
 The Elz is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany a right tributary of the Rhine. It rises in the Black Forest near the source of the Breg. The Elz flows through Elzach Waldkirch and Emmendingen before reaching the Rhine near Lahr. Its length is approx. 90 km (56 mi).The lower reaches of the Elz are by-passed by the Leopold Canal a flood relief canal.
 Calconiscellus is a genus of crustacean in family Trichoniscidae. One species C. gotscheensis is listed as vulnerable on the IUCN Red List.
 Steve Marchand (born January 10 1974) is the former mayor of Portsmouth New Hampshire. He was an early Democratic primary candidate for U.S. Senate for the 2008 election but he dropped out of the race in 2007 and endorsed former Governor Jeanne Shaheen.During the 2008 New Hampshire Presidential Primary Marchand endorsed Democratic presidential candidate Governor Bill Richardson.
 St Philip's Church Hassall Green is located in New Inn Lane Hassall Green Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican church in the parish of Wheelock the benefice of Sandbach Heath with Wheelock the deanery of Congleton the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. The other churches in the benefice are St John the Evangelist Sandbach Heath and Christ Church Wheelock.
 Gur Mohammad (Persian: گورمحمد‎ also Romanized as Gūr Moḩammad; also known as Tīzāb) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 28 families.
 The Dăncilă River is a tributary of the Jieţ in Romania.
 Kaduney-e Vosta (Persian: كادوني وسطي‎ also Romanized as Kādūney-e Vosţá; also known as Delbar Sādāt-e Vosţá and Delbar Sādāt) is a village in Veysian Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 23 families.
 Stojačak is a village in the municipality of Smederevska Palanka Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 419 people.
 Starlog was a monthly science-fiction film magazine published by Starlog Group Inc. The magazine was created by publishers Kerry O'Quinn and Norman Jacobs. O'Quinn was the magazine's editor while Jacobs ran the business side of things dealing with typesetters engravers and printers. They got their start in publishing creating a soap opera magazine.
 Cranborne Priory was a priory in Cranborne in Dorset England. The monastery of Cranborne is said to have been founded as an abbey for Benedictine monks about the year 980. The chronicle of Tewkesbury states that it was founded around that time by a knight known by the name of Haylward Snew and made it the parent house of Tewkesbury.
 The Amboina box turtle (Cuora amboinensis) or southeast Asian box turtle is a species of Asian box turtle.It is found in the Nicobar Islands eastern India (Assam) Bangladesh Myanmar Thailand Cambodia Laos central and southern Vietnam West Malaysia Singapore Philippines (Leyte Luzon Mindanao Samar Negros Panay etc.) Indonesia (Sulawesi Ambon Island Sumatra Borneo East Malaysia Brunei Nias Enggano Simeulue Java Sumbawa Halmahera Ceram Seram Buru East Timor Bali Palawan and Maluku) and possibly Sri Lanka.The type locality is Amboine (or Amboina) Island today Ambon Island in Indonesia.
 Metibokka is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The Woods Are Dark is a 1981 horror novel by American author Richard Laymon. It was one of his earliest published works and one he credits with having all but destroyed his publishing career in the United States.An uncut version of the novel was released by Cemetery Dance Publications in July 2008.
 Firebird: Jazz Meets the Symphony No. 3 is an album by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin with basssist Ray Brown drummer Grady Tate trumpeters Jon Faddis and James Morrison saxophonist Paquito D'Rivera and the London Philharmonic Orchestra recorded in 1995 and released on the Four Winds label.
 The Journal of the Geological Society is a peer-reviewed scientific journal which covers research in all aspects of the Earth sciences.
 Buczynów [buˈt͡ʂɨnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Góra Kalwaria 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Piaseczno and 33 km (21 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Everyman is a novel by Philip Roth published by Houghton Mifflin in May 2006. It won the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction in 2007. It is Roth's third novel to receive the prize.
 James E. Thorpe was a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 Nielepice [ɲɛlɛˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabierzów within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Zabierzów and 18 km (11 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 734.Religions: Roman Catholicism Jehovah's Witnesses (1%).↑
 Patrick M. Browne is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate who has represented the 16th District since 2005. His district includes portions of Lehigh County Monroe County and Northampton County.Browne is a graduate of the University of Notre Dame and Temple University Law School.Prior to his election to the State Senate Browne worked as Certified Public Accountant and attorney.
 Guachuna Lake is a lake in the Yacuma Province Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 150 m its surface area is 102.8 km².
 Our Lady Queen of Peace Church Richmond is a Roman Catholic church in Sheen Road Richmond London. As it is close to Richmond's boundary with East Sheen it is often known as Our Lady Queen of Peace Church East Sheen. It was the first church to be designed by architect F G (Frank) Broadbent (1909–1983) (of Goodhart-Rendel Broadbent and Curtis). 	 	 The Rt Reverend Monsignor Cyril Cowderoy Roman Catholic Bishop of Southwark laid the foundation stone in November 1953.
 The Lottie Moon House located at 220 East High Street in Oxford Ohio was completed in 1831. It was not named Lottie Moon House but rather adopted the name after being inhabited by the Moon family in 1839. The nineteenth-century architecture is a simple design enhanced by a one-story wooden porch that spans most of the entire front of the house. The front of the house is symmetrical which adds to its simple beauty.
 The Holiday Inn Townsville nicknamed the Sugar Shaker by the locals is currently the tallest building in Townsville Australia. The building is located on Flinders Mall in the CBD a pedestrian mall that is under redevelopment.The building has become popular to tourists visiting Queensland and Australia having it is one of Australias Most famous hotels due to its weird shape.
 Mordellistena rufifrons is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Schilsky in 1894.
 Warblino [varˈblinɔ] (German: Warbelin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce within Słupsk County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Główczyce 28 km (17 mi) north-east of Słupsk and 84 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 174.
 Uśmierz [ˈuɕmjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Dołhobyczów 34 km (21 mi) south-east of Hrubieszów and 132 km (82 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 30.
 Hangin' On is a 1968 album by Waylon Jennings on RCA Victor. It features the song I Fall in Love So Easily.
 The Bryan Mountains are a small mountain range in the northwestern Sonoran Desert of southwestern Arizona. The range is located in southeastern Yuma County about 75 mi southeast of Yuma and about 35 mi west of Ajo. The range is approximately ten miles long and about three miles wide at its widest point. The highpoint of the range is 1794 feet (547 meters) above sea level and is located at 32°18'27N 113°22'46W (NAD 1983 datum).
 John David Souther is the self-titled debut album by American singer-songwriter J.D. Souther released in 1972 (see 1972 in music). The song How Long was recorded in 2007 by the Eagles on their album Long Road Out of Eden from which it was released as a single.Souther joined with Chris Hillman and Richie Furay to form the Souther-Hillman-Furay Band after the release of his solo debut. They recorded two albums before Souther returned to his solo career.
 Am Bodach is a Scottish mountain which lies in the Mamores range four kilometres north of Kinlochleven in the Highland council area.
 The Straussee is a German lake located in Strausberg Brandenburg. It is situated about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north-east of the city of Berlin. The town of Strausberg occupies the eastern shore of the lake whilst the forest of the Strausberger Wald is on the western shore.
 Modern Drunkard Magazine is a bi-monthly glossy color periodical promoting the functional alcoholic's lifestyle. Created in 1996 it has slowly gained notoriety and currently enjoys a circulation of roughly 50000. The magazine's creator Frank Kelly Rich is also listed as the publisher/editor.
 Metaplectrus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Poems and Stories is a compilation of some of the lesser-known writings of J. R. R. Tolkien released in 1980 by George Allen & Unwin (UK) and in 1994 by Houghton Mifflin (North America).
 The Tille is an 83-kilometre-long (52 mi) river of eastern France (département Côte-d'Or) a right tributary of the Saône. It is formed by the confluence of three small streams near Cussey-les-Forges on the Plateau of Langres. The Tille flows south through the following towns: Til-Châtel Arc-sur-Tille (east of Dijon) and Genlis. The Tille flows into the Saône in Les Maillys 8 km south of Auxonne.
 Yavana Rani (Tamil:யவன ராணி) is a Tamil language historical novel written by Sandilyan. Its title translates to Greek Queen in English. The story is based on ancient Tamil poetry. It is a love story set around 2000 years ago focusing on the Commander-in-chief of the Chola Army. The story takes place during the period of Karikalan one of the greatest kings of the Early Cholas.
 Josiah Dennis House is a historic house at 16 Whig Street in Dennis Massachusetts.The house was built in 1736 and added to the National Historic Register in 1974.The Dennis Historical Society owns and operates the house as the Josiah Dennis Manse Museum an 18th-century historic house museum. The house is open on Tuesdays and Thursdays in the summer.
 More Music for Films or Music for Films Volume 2 is an album by Brian Eno Daniel Lanois and Roger Eno. The album is a sequel to Eno's 1978 album; Music for Films.On the back cover Eno states I released the first volume of 'Music for Films' in 1978 and it contained samples of my work spanning the period of 1975-78. This second volume picks up where the first left off but is somewhat different in that it contains fewer pieces with greater average length.
 Mount Celeste is the unofficial name for a mountain located on Vancouver Island British Columbia. It shares the name Celeste with two peaks in the Cariboo region of the BC Interior. Within the boundaries of Strathcona Provincial Park this peak lies at the north end of Rees Ridge. Iceberg Peak lies at the south end of this ridge.
 Vargeh Pahneh (Persian: وارگه پهنه‎ also Romanized as Vārgeh Pahneh; also known as Vārkah-e Pahneh) is a village in Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 7 in 4 families.
 Munyurangabo is a 2007 feature film directed by Lee Isaac Chung. Filmed entirely in Rwanda with local actors it is the first narrative feature film in the Kinyarwanda language. It premiered in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival on 24 May and won the Grand Prize at the 2007 AFI Fest American critic Roger Ebert calls it in every frame a beautiful and powerful film — a masterpiece.
 Edison Studios was an American motion picture production company owned by the Edison Company of inventor Thomas Edison. The studio made close to 1200 films as the Edison Manufacturing Company (1894–1911) and Thomas A. Edison Inc. (1911–1918) until the studio's closing in 1918. Of that number 54 were feature length the remainder were shorts.Its first production facility Edison's Black Maria studios in West Orange New Jersey was built in the winter of 1892–93.
 Serpelice [sɛrpɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki within Łosice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Sarnaki 24 km (15 mi) east of Łosice and 140 km (87 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a wooden church built in 1947 by the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin who also have a monastery in the village.
 Col. William M. and Nancy Ralston Bond House is a historic home located at Lockport in Niagara County New York. It is a 2-story brick structure with a 1 1⁄2-story side wing constructed in 1823 in the late Federal / early Greek Revival style. It is currently operated as a house museum by the Niagara County Historical Society.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Al Malbanah is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 James Martin Pacelli McGuinness (Irish: Máirtín Mag Aonghusa; born 23 May 1950) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician who has been the deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland since 2007. He was also Sinn Féin's unsuccessful candidate for President of Ireland in the 2011 election.A former Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) leader McGuinness was the MP for Mid Ulster from 1997 until his resignation on 2 January 2013.
 Flying Colors is the sixth studio album by the Canadian rock band Trooper released in 1979. The album contained the hits 3 Dressed Up as a Nine Good Clean Fun and Janine the latter of which became the band's highest charting single in their career history. The album would reach double-platinum certification in Canada.
 1919 is a 1985 British drama film directed by Hugh Brody and written by Michael Ignatieff together with Brody. It was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Schwabenkopf is a mountain in the Kaunergrat group of the Ötztal Alps.
 A Horse and Two Goats and Other Stories (also published as A Horse and Two Goats) is a collection of short stories by R. K. Narayan published in 1970 by The Bodley Head. The book is illustrated by R. K. Laxman Narayan's brother and includes five stories.
 Chiquititas is an Argentine telenovela created by Cris Morena. It was very successful in every country where it was broadcast. The cast recorded seven albums as soundtracks and the songs were written by Cris Morena (credited as Cristina de Giacomi).
 Dos was the first album recorded by the band Dos. It is a curious yet interesting double bass guitar side project for Mike Watt (of the Minutemen and Firehose) and his former wife Kira Roessler (from Black Flag). Formed as a vehicle to take the bass beyond its perceived background role and into the forefront of a band Dos also became a therapeutic experience in the wake of Roessler's departure from Black Flag and more tragically Minutemen D. Boon's sudden death on December 22 1985.
 Revengers Tragedy is a film adaptation of the 1606 play The Revenger's Tragedy (attributed to Thomas Middleton in the credits following the current scholarly consensus). It was directed by Alex Cox and adapted for the screen by Cox's fellow Liverpudlian Frank Cottrell Boyce.
 The Clermont County Courthouse is located at 270 East Main Street in Batavia Ohio. It was built by the Works Progress Administration and opened in 1936.
 Central Warehouse is a small warehouse in Salt Lake City Utah that was built in 1929 for George E. Chandler. The architectural design construction technique and its historic integrity make this structure one of the best examples of a warehouse in the city. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The Old Greektown station served by UTA TRAX light rail trains is in the middle of the street (200 south) in front of it.
 Julio A. Brady (born August 23 1942) is a U.S. Virgin Islander judge politician and attorney. Brady served as the Lieutenant Governor of the United States Virgin Islands from 1983 to 1987 during the second term of former Governor Juan Francisco Luis. Brady has served as a U.S. Virgin Islands Superior Court judge since 2006.
 Batillaria attramentaria common name the Japanese false cerith is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Batillariidae.
 Saad Zaghloul (Arabic: سعد زغلول‎; also: Saad Zaghlûl Sa'd Zaghloul Pasha ibn Ibrahim) (1859 – August 23 1927) was an Egyptian revolutionary and statesman. Zaghloul was the leader of Egypt's nationalist Wafd party. He served as Prime Minister of Egypt from January 26 1924 to November 24 1924.
 Just No Other Way is Coco Lee's first full-English language album. It consists of pop and R&B songs. It features the singles Before I Fall In Love (from the Runaway Bride soundtrack) Can't Get Over featuring Kelly Price Wherever You Go and her largest U.S. Billboard hit so far Do You Want My Love. While all three singles received a warm reception only one single charted. Do You Want My Love became a moderate hit peaking at number 49 on the U.S. Hot Dance Club Play chart.
 The Mușatul River is a tributary of the Gârcin River in Romania.
 Marche à l'ombre is the fourth studio album by French singer-songwriter Renaud released in 1980 by Polydor Records. It is the first of Renaud's album that officially has a title his three first albums being unnamed.Marche à l'ombre contains three of Renaud's most popular songs:[citation needed]: Marche à l'ombre contains observations and aspersions cast on various characters who walk into the narrator's favorite bar as he relaxes with a pinball-obsessed friend.
 The Revolution of Everyday Life (French: Traité de savoir-vivre à l’usage des jeunes générations) is a 1967 book by Raoul Vaneigem Belgian author philosopher and one time member of the Situationist International (1961–1970). The original title literally translates as Treatise on Living for the Younger Generations.
 Tropy Elbląskie [ˈtrɔpɨ ɛlˈblɔ̃skʲɛ] (German: Troop) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Thorunna florens is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Off Beat is a 1986 comedy film about a young librarian who impersonates a police officer. The film was directed by Michael Dinner and stars Judge Reinhold Meg Tilly and Cleavant Derricks.
 Braćak is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 230 people.
 Elvis: A Legendary Performer Volume 1 is a greatest hits collection by Elvis Presley issued in 1974 by RCA Records. It features 14 tracks which includes twelve songs and two interviews with Presley. It was certified Gold on January 8 1975 and Platinum and 2x Platinum on July 15 1999 by the RIAA. The album opens with his first recording from 1954 That's All Right the song that started his recording career at Sun Records.
 Kingdom Come is the debut album by American hard rock band Kingdom Come.The album reached Number 12 on the U.S. Billboard 200 Album Charts
 Heer is a village in Akershus Norway.
 Pseudovermis hancocki is species of minute sea slug specifically an aolid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pseudovermidae.These extremely small sea slugs are meiofauna; they live among sand grains.
 Reminiscencias is a 2011 Peruvian experimental documentary film written produced and directed by Juan Daniel Fernández Molero.
 The Do Braço River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Echoes: The Best of Pink Floyd is a compilation album by Pink Floyd. It was released by EMI Records in the United Kingdom on 5 November 2001 and the following day in the United States through Capitol Records. It debuted at number 2 on the Billboard 200 album chart on 24 November 2001 with sales of 214650 copies. It remained on the chart for 26 weeks. The album was certified Gold Platinum and Double Platinum on 6 December 2001 in the US by the RIAA.
 Pedro Bravo de Acuña (died June 24 1606) was a Spanish military officer and colonial official in the New World and the Philippines. From 1602 to 1606 he was governor of the Philippines.
 The Crookwell River is a perennial river that is part of the Lachlan catchment within the Murray–Darling basin located in the Southern Tablelands and South West Slopes regions of New South Wales Australia.Sourced by runoff from the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range the river rises south of Crookwell and flows generally northwest by west joined by one minor tributary before reaching its confluence with the Lachlan River northwest of Binda and east of Frogmore.
 Sunburnt is an album officially by Martin Phillipps and The Chills though more correctly by Martin Phillipps alone. Owing to visa problems the usual Chills line-up were not able to take part in the recording sessions and session musicians Dave Gregory and Dave Mattacks appeared on all tracks with Phillipps handling vocal keyboard and guitar parts as well as some of the percussion.
 Howson Peak is a mountain in west central British Columbia Canada located 54 km (34 mi) southwest of Telkwa and southwest of the head of Telkwa River. This prominent mountain is the highest of the Howson Range. Howson Peak was first climbed in 1958 after an accident during a 1957 attempt in which Rex Gibson then president of the Alpine Club of Canada was killed. That route as well as many other lines remains unclimbed.
 Gilmore's Camp is located on the California side of the Colorado River between Blythe California and Yuma Arizona.
 It's My Turn is a 1980 romantic comedy-drama film starring Jill Clayburgh Michael Douglas and Charles Grodin. The film was directed by Claudia Weill and written by Eleanor Bergstein.
 Meszna [ˈmɛʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Słupca and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Stór Amhrán (A Wealth of Songs) is a music album by Irish singer Nóirín Ní Riain. It was released in 1988 and features mostly ancient and traditional songs many of which have been recorded for the first time by Ní Riain.
 Sidney Earle Smith PC (March 9 1897 – March 17 1959) was a noted academic and Canada's Secretary of State for External Affairs in the government of Prime Minister John Diefenbaker.
 Masters of Evolution is a 1959 science fiction novel by Damon Knight. It first appeared in 1954 in Galaxy Science Fiction as the novella Natural State. Knight subsequently expanded the text by about 5000 words and the longer version was published by Ace Books in 1959 as Masters of Evolution in a dos-a-dos paperback that included George O. Smith's Fire in the Heavens (Ace Double D-375).
 Kingsley Hall (grid reference ST596731) is at 59 Old Market Street in Old Market Bristol.It was built as a private house in 1706 and restored in the late 19th century for use as a political club and office premises. Originally occupied by the East Bristol Conservative Party by the early 20th Century it had become the Bristol headquarters of the Independent Labour Party who renamed it in honour of the Christian Socialist Charles Kingsley.
 Özkan Yorgancıoğlu (born 1954) is a Cyprus political leader who has been serving as the Prime Minister of the island nation's Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (TRNC) since September 2013. Born in Lempa a village in Paphos the southwestern district of the island which was at the time a British crown colony Yorgancıoğlu studied at Istanbul University's Department of Economics and Public Finance receiving his Political Science degree in 1980.
 Rocky River a watercourse of the Gwydir catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.Sourced from the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range the river rises at First Creek Falls on Kentucky Creek at Rocky River west of Uralla and flows generally to the north and north-west before reaching its confluence with the Boorolong Creek to form Gwydir River south of Yarrowyck; descending 223 metres (732 ft) over its 34 kilometres (21 mi) course.
 The Twizel River is a river of the Mackenzie Basin in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It is part of the Waitaki River system.The Twizel River has its origins in numerous streams which flow down the eastern flanks of the Ben Ohau Range the longest of which are the Gladstone Stream and the Duncan Stream. The Twizel River flows south veering slowly southeast close to the town of Twizel. From here it flows into the northern end of the artificial lake Lake Benmore.
 Visitors is a 2003 thriller film dealing with the experiences of a young woman sailing solo on a yacht around the world. The loneliness makes her start to lose her sanity. The movie was directed by Richard Franklin and was produced by Jennifer Hadden. This film in some ways is close to the theme of The Shining by Stanley Kubrick. Director Richard Franklin attempts to create an atmosphere of isloation and cabin-fever phenomena in the lonely girl on the water.
 'Phantom of the Megaplex' is a 2000 Disney Channel Original Movie produced by the Disney Channel. With a title and concept very loosely based on The Phantom of the Opera the film concerns strange happenings at a monstrous megaplex on the night of a major movie premiere gala Midnight Mayhem. The central character played by Taylor Handley is Pete Riley the 17-year-old assistant manager of the theater.
 Ględy [ˈɡlɛndɨ] (German: Gallinden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Łukta 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Ostróda and 28 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 260.
 Dasht-e Hasani-ye Yek (Persian: دشت حسني1‎ also Romanized as Dasht-e Ḩasanī-ye Yek) is a village in Juyom Rural District Juyom District Larestan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 9 families.
 Margowo [marˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno within Kamień County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Świerzno 8 km (5 mi) south-east of Kamień Pomorski and 61 km (38 mi) north of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Przyczyna Dolna [pʂɨˈt͡ʂɨna ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa within Wschowa County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.
 The Genius Club is a 2006 film from the United States written and directed by Tim Chey. The film was released on October 27 2006 via the Cinemark Theaters.The film tells the story of seven geniuses who try to solve the world's problems in one night in order to prevent a nuclear bomb from exploding in Washington D.C. The film was produced and distributed by Cloud Ten Pictures and RiverRain Productions.
 The Goetsch-Winckler House (also known as Goetsch-Winkler House) was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright built in 1940 and is located at 2410 Hulett Rd Okemos Michigan. The house is an example of Wright's later Usonian architectural style and is considered to be one of the most elegant.
 The Covington River is a 7.4-mile-long (11.9 km) river in the U.S. state of Virginia. The river rises at the eastern foot of the Blue Ridge Mountains in Rappahannock County and flows southeast to the Rush River just north of that river's confluence with the Thornton River. The river system flows via the Hazel River to the Rappahannock River a tributary of Chesapeake Bay.
 The Fall is a 2006 adventure fantasy film directed by Tarsem Singh starring Lee Pace Catinca Untaru and Justine Waddell. It is based on the screenplay of the 1981 Bulgarian film Yo Ho Ho by Valeri Petrov. The film earned $3.2 million worldwide. The film was released to theaters in 2008.
 The Carnegie Library of Barnesville in Barnesville Georgia was built in 1910. It was designed by Whitfield & King. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The George W. South Memorial Church of the Advocate also known as the George W. South Memorial Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic church in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.The church was built from 1887 to 1897 as a memorial to the merchant and civil leader George W. South. The church was designed by Charles Marquedant Burns (1838 – 1922) a prominent church architect in the late 19th and early 20th century.
 Tommy Joe Vandergriff (January 29 1926 – December 30 2010) was a politician from Texas. He served as Mayor of Arlington from 1951 to 1977 as a U.S. Representative from Texas's 26th congressional district from 1983 to 1985 and as County Judge of Tarrant County from 1991 to 2007.
 The Benjamin DuBois Stone House-Captain Martin Stone House is located at 347 West Main Street Catskill New York on the west side of Catskill Creek. It is significant for its architecture and historically for its relation to the settlement of the area. The Dubois family were some of the original white settlers of the town. The house was built in the 1740s. After passing out of the DuBois family it was owned by Captain Martin.
 Peixonauta – Agente Secreto da O.S.T.R.A. is a 2012 Brazilian animated film directed by Célia Catunda and Kiko Mistrorigo based on the Fishtronaut (Portuguese: Peixonauta) animated TV series.The film is a compilation of five episodes of the cartoon.
 Vices is the third full-length album by Christian hard rock band Dead Poetic. The album was released on October 31 2006 through Tooth & Nail Records.
 Merci is a studio album by French progressive rock group Magma. It was released in 1984. It is usually regarded by fans as one of Magma's less successful releases.
 Sister Time is a novel by John Ringo and Julie Cochrane and is partofthe Legacy of the Aldenata series specifically a spin off that features Michael O'Neal'sdaughters Cally and Michelle. Michelle has been raised off planet by the Indowy race and has been trained in highly advanced mental techniques. As established in the earlier Cally's War Cally is a dangerous assassin. They meet for the first time since the war but it is not certain if they will be allies or enemies.
 Sarychev Peak (Russian: вулкан Сарычева Vulkan Sarycheva variants: Japanese: 芙蓉山 Fuyō Mountain Fuyō-san Fuyō-yama Fuyo-zan Huyō San Japanese: 松輪富士 Matsuwa-fuji) is a stratovolcano covering almost the entirety of Matua Island in the Kuril Islands Russia. It is a young highly symmetrical stratovolcanic cone.
 Albania was an Albanian periodical published by Faik Konica one of the most important figures of Albanian culture in the early decades of the twentieth century. Albania was published from 1896-7 to 1910 and is widely regarded as the most important Albanian periodical in the beginning of the 20th century and one of the most important Albanian periodicals to have existed until the end of World War II.
 The Oster River (Ukrainian: Остер) is a river in the northern Ukrainian oblast of Chernihiv. The river is the left branch of the Desna River. It is approximately 199 km long and its basin area is 2950 km². It is connected by canals and streams with the Trubizh River which flows southwest from Kiev into the Dnieper River. Important towns and villages on the river include: Nizhyn Kozelets Roslavl and Oster.
 Scoliosis (ISSN 1748-7161) is an open-access peer-reviewed online-only medical journal in the field of spinal deformaties. Topics covered include the prevention and treatment of spinal deformities such as scoliosis (spinal curvature).Published by BioMed Central Scoliosis is the official journal of the Society on Scoliosis Orthopaedic and Rehabilitation Treatment and is also affiliated with the International Research Society of Spinal Deformities.
 Victor Robert (1822 – January 25 1885) was a farmer carpenter and political figure in Quebec. He represented Rouville in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1867 to 1878 as a Liberal. His name also appears as Victor Robert dit Lafontaine.He was born in Chambly Lower Canada the son of Jean-Baptiste Robert dit Lafontaine and Marie-Anne Tifault. He established himself at Marieville. Robert served as justice of the peace member of the municipal council and mayor of Marieville.
 Abbigeri (Koppal) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Chain of Fools (also known by its production title Shiny New Enemies) is a 2000 heist comedy/romance film about a hapless barber named Kresk (Steve Zahn).
 Lough Bane (Irish: An Loch Bán) is a lough situated on the borders of County Meath and County Westmeath in Ireland. The border between the two counties runs east-west through the centre of the lake.
 The San Diego Pro-cathedral formerly known as the San Diego Parish Church or the St. Didacus Parish Church before its declaration as a pro-cathedral in 1994 is an early 20th-century church in Silay City Negros Occidental in the Philippines. It is the only pro-cathedral outside of the national capital of Manila and is unique in Negros Occidental for being the only church in the province featuring a cupola or dome.
 The 87th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This year was January 1 1893 which was two weeks before the beginning of the third administrative year of Governor Robert J. Reynolds.
 Imagine Dragons is an EP by Las Vegas rock group Imagine Dragons released in 2009 in the United States. It was recorded at Battle Born Studios. All songs were written by Imagine Dragons and self-produced. Engineering was by Robert Root. Tracks from the EP featured on Windows Media Player after the band won a competition on Reverbnation. I Need a Minute was featured on hit predictor CrazedHits.com.The track I Need a Minute cracked the CMJ Radio 200.
 Le Jour se lève (or Daybreak) is a 1939 French film directed by Marcel Carné and written by Jacques Prévert based on a story by Jacques Viot. It is considered one of the principal examples of the French film movement known as poetic realism.In 1952 it was included in the first Sight and Sound top ten greatest films list.
 Lipianki [liˈpjanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Ujazd 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Calamoecia is a genus of copepods in the family Centropagidae confined to Australasia. It is thought to have evolved since the separation of the Australian continent from Antarctica. Three of the Australian endemic species are listed as vulnerable species on the IUCN Red List (marked VU in the list below). The genus contains the following species:
 The Clark Thread Company Historic District located at 900 Passaic Avenue East Newark Hudson County New Jersey United States is a large mill complex. The company originally started in Newark as an offshoot of the Clark Thread Company of Paisley Scotland and then expanded into these buildings in 1875. There are 35 buildings on the 13-acre (53000 m2) block.The site is now used by a variety of industrial companies.
 St. John's Chapel of St. Michael's Parish is a historic Episcopal church at Easton Talbot County Maryland. It is a granite Gothic Revival ruin. The building measures 35 feet wide and 50 feet deep. The chapel was built in about 1835 and abandoned around 1895.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Wólka Rydzewska [ˈvulka rɨˈd͡zɛfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Judith Guichon OBC is the 29th and current Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia. Her appointment to the position was announced by Prime Minister Stephen Harper on October 1 2012 to succeed Steven Point. Guichon was sworn in on November 2 2012 at the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia.
 The Live Adventure is the first live album from Steven Curtis Chapman released on September 7 1993. The album was recorded during Chapman's tour for The Great Adventure on May 6 1993.The concert video won the 1994 Gospel Music Association award for Long Form Music Video of the Year and the song Go There With You won the title of Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year. The album brought Chapman his third Grammy 1994's Grammy Award for Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album.
 William Haine has served as the Illinois State Senator for Illinois’s 56th district since his appointment in November 2002.
 7 Days (French: Les 7 jours du talion The 7 Days of Retaliation) is a 2010 Canadian thriller film directed by Daniel Grou and starring Claude Legault. The screenplay was written by Patrick Senécal and based on his novel Les sept jours du talion.
 Karam Bal-e Ramazan (Persian: كرمبل رمضان‎ also Romanized as Karam Bal-e Ramaẕān; also known as Karīm Bāl) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 224 in 54 families.
 The Trump Hotel Las Vegas is a 64-story luxury hotel condominium and timeshare located on Fashion Show Drive near Las Vegas Boulevard just off the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise Nevada named for famed real estate developer Donald Trump. It is located across the street from Wynn Las Vegas on 3.46 acres (14000 m2) near the Fashion Show Mall and features both non-residential hotel condominiums and residential condominiums. The exterior windows are gilded with 24-carat gold.
 Ortalis concisivitta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ortalis of the family Ulidiidae.
 Mitteilungen der Österreichischen Geographischen Gesellschaft (English: Transactions of the Austrian Geographical Society) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of geography regionally often focusing on Central and Eastern Europe and the former areas of Austria-Hungary.
 Lake Kuttara (倶多楽湖 Kuttara-ko) is a near circular caldera lake in Shiraoi Hokkaidō Japan. It is part of Shikotsu-Tōya National Park. The lake is recognized as having the best water quality in all of Japan. With a transparency of 19 metres (62 ft) the lake ranks second only to Lake Mashū according to the Ministry of the Environment.Resident species of the lake include a salamander species Hynobius retardatus (エゾサンショウウオ Ezo Sanshōuo).
 The Bolivian red howler (Alouatta sara) is a species of howler monkey a type of New World monkey endemic to Bolivia. It can be found in rain forests including riverine and seasonally flooded forests.
 Łumbie [ˈwumbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Sejny and 116 km (72 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Ontarjatra (Bengali : অর্ন্তযাত্রা Homeland) is a 2006 Bangladeshi drama film directed by Tareque Masud and Catherine Masud. Upon its release on 2006 the film achieved critical and commercial success. It won for Best Direction at International Film Festival Bangladesh in 2006. Special Jury Award at Osian's Cinefan Festival Delhi in 2006.
 Roovere is a village in Väätsa Parish Järva County in central Estonia.
 To Cure the Sane with Insanity is the first studio release by brutal death metal band Deathbound. It was released in 2003.
 The Alpha Phi Sorority House located in Eugene Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St John the Baptist's Church Avon Dassett is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Avon Dassett Warwickshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The Cool and the Crazy is a 1958 motion picture that was distributed by American-International Pictures.
 Stigmella braunella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family which is endemic to California.The wingspan is 5.4–6.6 millimetres (0.21–0.26 in). There are two generations per year with late instar larvae being encountered throughout the year.The larvae feed on Prunus ilicifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is located on the upper-surface and is linear or serpentine and convoluted terminally and in this region frequently crossing itself or forming a blotch.
 Stare Rakowo [ˈstarɛ raˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Kolno and 84 km (52 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 140.
 Lawrence Talbot Neal (September 22 1844 - November 2 1905) was a U.S.
 Stone Cold Sober is the fifth studio album by the German thrash metal band Tankard. It was released on June 9 1992 and reissued in 2005 by Nuclear Blast.
 Niavol (Persian: نياول‎ also Romanized as Nīāvol Neyavol Niaval and Niya Vel; also known as Nīāvalā and Niāwala) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 32 families.
 God Is Abundant is the twenty second studio album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released in November 1973 on Columbia Records and was produced by George Richey. It was Smith's first album of Gospel music for the Columbia and her fourth Gospel album overall.
 Lake Marville is a lake located on Courbet Peninsula in the Kerguelen islands in the French Southern and Antarctic Lands.With a surface of about 50 km² it is among the three largest lakes of France with Lac de Grand-Lieu and Lac du Bourget.
 Bloodlines is the second studio album from American heavy metal band Howl. The album is set for release in Germany and Benelux on April 26 2013 in the rest of Europe on April 29 and in North America on April 30 under Relapse Records. The album was produced by Chris Zeuss Harris and recorded in early 2012 at Planet Z studio in Hadley Massachusetts.
 75 is a live album by Austrian-American jazz musician Joe Zawinul and his band the Zawinul Syndicate. It was recorded in 2007 at two of bandleader Joe Zawinul's final performances in Switzerland and Hungary. The album was produced by Joachim Becker and originally released in 2008 by JVC Compact Discs with the Zawinul Estate and Becker serving as executive producers. It was later released by BHM Productions and Heads Up International the BHM release with the alternate title 75th.
 Lake Endla is a lake of Estonia.
 Big Creek is a roughly 120 kilometre-long tributary of British Columbia's Chilcotin River.Its source is remote Lorna Lake located deep in the midst of the Chilcotin Ranges near the vertex of the boundaries of Big Creek Provincial Park the valley of the Taseko River and Taseko Lakes which lies to its west and the Spruce Lake Protected Area to its south (aka the South Chilcotin even though it's in the Bridge River Country part of the Lillooet region).
 Asimoneura is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Beyond is the eighth full-length album by the German power metal band Freedom Call. It was released on February 21 2014 by SPV.
 Daily News is a daily newspaper owned by Independent News & Media and published every weekday afternoon in Durban South Africa. It was called Natal Daily News between 1936 and 1962 and The Natal (Mercantile) Advertiser prior to 1936 going back to the 19th century. In June 2010 the newspaper had daily average sales of 57 000 and an estimated daily readership of 320 000 people. It is an English-language newspaper and was first published in 1878.
 Beltway Park Baptist Church is an evangelical Christian megachurch located in Abilene Texas associated with Southern Baptist Convention that was founded in 1985. In 2008 Beltway Park averaged approximately 3000 people in attendance each week. The head pastor is David McQueen. Beltway Park is located on the south side of Abilene. Matt Chandler was on staff at Beltway Park from 1996 to 1999 and indicates this time as important in restoring his value for the local church.
 The Château Louis XIV is a château constructed between 2008 and 2011 in the commune of Louveciennes in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region.Although it is a new construction the Château Louis XIV meets the exact standards and rules of proportions and ornamentation established from Antiquity as they were regularly applied during the 17th century.The Château Louis XIV is a historic construction project initiated by the real-estate development company Cogemad in 2008 with the same techniques and materials that were used in the 17th century. 
 Immune is the third studio album by Soul Embraced released on February 25 2003.
 Strachocin [straˈxɔt͡ɕin] (formerly German Zartzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 36 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 279.
 Stroker Ace is a 1983 action comedy film filmed in North Carolina and Georgia about a NASCAR driver the eponymous Stroker Ace played by Burt Reynolds.The co-stars were Jim Nabors Loni Anderson Ned Beatty Parker Stevenson and Bubba Smith with appearances by many NASCAR drivers such as: Dale Earnhardt Richard Petty Neil Bonnett Harry Gant Terry Labonte Kyle Petty Benny Parsons Tim Richmond Ricky Rudd Cale Yarborough and announcers Ken Squier David Hobbs and Chris Economaki.
 Varkbar-e Olya (Persian: وركبارعليا‎ also Romanized as Varkbār-e ‘Olyā; also known as Varkbār and Warkbār) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Nowbaran District Saveh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 34 families.
 The Loch of Swannay is the most northerly loch on the mainland of Orkney and lies within the parish of Birsay in the north west of the island. It is an elliptically shaped freshwater loch and is close to the lochs of Hundland and Boardhouse. The grassland at the shore of the loch is the main feeding area for a wintering flock of rare Greenland white-fronted geese and the rare flat-stalked pondweed is found in the waters.
 Phineas Jones Stone (May 23 1810-August 12 1891) was a Massachusetts politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives as a member of the Board of Selectmen for the Town of Charlestown Massachusetts as a member of and president of the Common Council and as the seventh mayor of the City of Charlestown Massachusetts.
 Bungevatnet is a lake in Sørkapp Land at Spitsbergen Svalbard. It located south of the glacier Bungebreen northeast of Tørrflya. The river Bungeelva flows from Bungevatnet to the sea. The lake is named after Russian Arctic explorer Alexandr Alexandrovich Bunge.
 The Weskeag River is a short tidal river in Knox County Maine. The Abenaki Indians called it Wessaweskeag meaning tidal creek or salt creek. From its source (44°04′13″N 69°09′38″W) in South Thomaston the river runs 1.2 miles (1.9 km) northeast and southeast to its confluence with Marsh Creek then 4.2 miles (6.8 km) southeast through its estuary to the Muscle Ridge Channel of West Penobscot Bay. Its mouth is on the border between the towns of South Thomaston and Owls Head.
 Beyond the Hills (Romanian: După dealuri) is a 2012 Romanian drama film directed by Cristian Mungiu starring Cristina Flutur and Cosmina Stratan. The narrative follows two young women at an Orthodox convent in Romania.The film premiered at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival where Mungiu won the award for Best Screenplay and Flutur and Stratan shared the award for Best Actress.
 George Lionel Throssell CMG (23 May 1840 – 30 August 1910) was the second Premier of Western Australia. He served for just three months from 15 February 1901 until 27 May 1901 during a period of great instability in Western Australian politics.George Throssell was born at Fermoy County Cork in Ireland on 23 May 1840. The son of a pensioner guard he came to Western Australia on board the Scindian in 1850 with his parents and was educated at the Perth Public School.
 The Preto River (São Paulo) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Pedro M. Pancho (born July 2 1934) is a Filipino politician. He has been elected to five terms as a Member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines representing the Second District of Bulacan from 1992 to 2001 and from 2004 to the present. He is currently a member of the LAKAS-CMD Party.
 The Elements of C# Style is a book of style rules for the C# programming language. It is written by Kenneth Baldwin Andy Gray and Trevor Misfeldt of CenterSpace Software. The book was published by Cambridge University Press in July 2006. The book provides conventions for formatting naming documentation programming and packaging.This book is part of a series of books that include The Elements of Java Style and The Elements of C++ Style.
 Logging Mountain (8566 feet (2611 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Logging Mountain rises more than 4700 feet (1400 m) above Logging Lake.
 The Ames Monument is a large pyramid in Albany County Wyoming designed by Henry Hobson Richardson and dedicated to brothers Oakes Ames and Oliver Ames Jr. Union Pacific Railroad financiers. The brothers garnered credit for connecting the nation by rail upon completion of the United States' First Transcontinental Railroad in 1869. Oakes a U.S.
 Mengejar Mas-Mas is a 2007 Indonesian comedy drama film directed by Rudy Soedjarwo and written by Monty Tiwa.
 The Journal of Polymer Science Part B: Polymer Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research on all aspects of physics and physical chemistry of polymers including but not limited to theory and experimental behavior of polymeric solutions blends liquid crystals networks membranes biological polymers and interfaces. The journal offers free online access to the full-text content of all review-type articles.The journal is published by John Wiley & Sons.
 Tokyo Species (TOKYOスピーシーズ) is a 2012 Japanese erotic horror V-cinema release directed by Nozomu Kasagi and starring AV Idol Maria Ozawa. It was described by critics as a low-budget version of the 1995 American film Species.
 Acrolophus satyrisca is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The Day of the Bomb (in German Sadako Will Leben meaning Sadako Wants to Live) is a non-fiction book written by the Austrian author Karl Bruckner in 1961.The story is about a Japanese girl Sadako Sasaki who lived in Hiroshima and died of illnesses caused by atomic-bomb radiation.The book was translated into most major languages published on the world wide web and is often used as material for peace education in schools around the world.
 The Gateway of Europe (Polish: Wrota Europy) is a Polish historical film. It was released in 1999. In 2001 it received Polish Film Awards for Best Cinematography Best Costume Design and Best Production Design.
 Helleh va Delleh (Persian: حله ودله‎ also Romanized as Ḩelleh va Delleh; also known as Ḩalleh Delleh Ḩalvā Dillāy Ḩelleh Delleh and Hilloi-o-Dillai) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 173 in 35 families.
 Romaszki [rɔˈmaʂkʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rossosz within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) south of Biała Podlaska and 73 km (45 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 463.
 Bystrzyna [bɨsˈtʂɨna] (formerly German Beustrin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Świdwin and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Meton is a compound formation on the Moon that consists of several merged crater rings that have been flooded with lava forming the remnant of a walled plain in the shape of a clover leaf. It is located near the northern lunar lumb and is viewed from a low angle and foreshortened. The crater Barrow is attached to the southwest rim. To the northwest is the crater Scoresby and to the east are Baillaud and Euctemon.
 The Curse (also known as The Farm or The Curse 1) is a 1987 horror film adaptation of H. P. Lovecraft's The Colour Out of Space directed by David Keith. Famed Italian director Lucio Fulci was listed as a co-producer in the credits and is said to have supervised the special gore effects in the film.
 13 Things That Don't Make Sense is a non-fiction book by the British science writer Michael Brooks published in both the UK and the US during 2008. It became a best-selling non-fiction paperback in 2010.[citation needed]The British subtitle is The Most Intriguing Scientific Mysteries of Our Time while the American is The Most Baffling ... (see image).
 Tunnels of Blood is the third novel of twelve in the The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan.
 Bathyuroconger parvibranchialis is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Henry Weed Fowler in 1934 originally under the genus Silvesterina. It is a marine deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the western central Pacific Ocean. It is known to dwell at a depth of 1023 metres.
 The Innocent Age is the seventh album by American singer/songwriter Dan Fogelberg released in 1981 (see 1981 in music). It was also one of his most successful albums; three of his four Top 10 singles on the Billboard pop chart (Hard to Say (#7) Same Old Lang Syne (#9) and Leader of the Band (#9)) were from this album as well as another Top 20 single in Run for the Roses (#18).
 Dream of Fair to Middling Women is Samuel Beckett’s first novel. Written in English in a matter of weeks in 1932 when Beckett was only 26 and living in Paris the clearly autobiographical novel was rejected by publishers and shelved by the author. It was eventually published in 1992 three years after the author's death. The main character Belacqua a writer and teacher is very similar to Beckett himself though a character named Mr. Beckett also makes an appearance in the book.
 Shaolin vs. Wu-Tang is the fifth studio album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan-member Raekwon released March 7 2011 on Ice H20 and EMI Records. Guests for the album include Black Thought Busta Rhymes Ghostface Killah GZA Inspectah Deck Lloyd Banks Method Man Nas and Rick Ross among others.The album debuted at number 12 on the US Billboard 200 chart selling 29000 copies in its first week. It produced two singles Butter Knives and the title track. Upon its release Shaolin vs.
 Lawrence Sidney Eagleburger (August 1 1930 – June 4 2011) also known as Lawrence of Macedonia was an American statesman and career diplomat who served briefly as the Secretary of State under President George H. W. Bush. Previously he had served in lesser capacities under Presidents Richard Nixon Jimmy Carter Ronald Reagan and as Deputy Secretary of State under George H. W. Bush. Eagleburger is the only career Foreign Service Officer to have served as Secretary of State.
 Shaolin Soccer is a 2001 Hong Kong comedy film co-written directed by Stephen Chow who also stars in the lead role. A former Shaolin monk reunites his five brothers years after their master's death to apply their superhuman martial arts skills to play soccer and bring Shaolin kung fu to the masses.In 2008 a sequel produced by but not starring Stephen Chow was released entitled Shaolin Girl. Very few of the cast from the original film made an appearance.
 Spilarctia casigneta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in northern Pakistan the Himalayas Nepal and Bhutan.
 The Livestock Exchange Building in Omaha Nebraska was built in 1926 at 4920 South 30 Street in South Omaha. It was designed as the centerpiece of the Union Stockyards by architect George Prinz and built by Peter Kiewit and Sons in the Romanesque revival and Northern Italian Renaissance Revival styles. In 1999 it was designated an Omaha Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Oligarchs: Wealth and Power in the New Russia is a 2001 non-fiction book written by Pulitzer Prize-winning author and The Washington Post contributing editor David E.
 The Bar-shouldered Dove (Geopelia humeralis) is native to Australia. It is protected under the National Parks and Wildlife Act 1974. It is a medium sized pigeon varying in size from 26 to 30 centimetres (10.4 to 12 inches). Its voice is a distinctive and melodious cook-a-wook or coolicoo.
 The Hereford Times is a weekly tabloid newspaper published every Thursday in Hereford England. Its offices are based in Holmer Road. The editor is Fiona Phillips.
 St Thomas' Church is an Anglican church in Garstang a market town in Lancashire. It is an active Church of England parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn and the archdeaconry of Lancaster. The church was built in 1770 as a chapel of ease to St Helen's Church in nearby Kirkland and was later assigned its own parish. It is designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage.
 The Great Dusky Swift (Cypseloides senex) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.It is found in Argentina Bolivia Brazil and Paraguay. Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 Boreaphaenops is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Boreaphaenops angustus Ueno 2002 Boreaphaenops hirundinis Ueno 2005↑
 Çamëria is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Camp Pine Knot also known as Huntington Memorial Camp on Raquette Lake in the Adirondack Mountains of New York State was built by William West Durant. Begun in 1877 it was the first of the Adirondack Great Camps and epitomizes the Great Camp architectural style. Elements of that style include log and native stonework construction decorative rustic items of branches and twigs and layout as a compound of separated structures.
 Atylostoma is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
 Ailuroedus is a genus of birds in the Ptilonorhynchidae family (bowerbirds).
 Augustus Emmett Maxwell (September 21 1820–May 5 1903) was a United States Representative from Florida as well as a senator in the Confederate Congress representing Florida.
 Atomic Lobster is the tenth novel by Tim Dorsey. It was released January 27 2008. It follows overly zealous serial killer Serge A. Storms.
 Heliopetes laviana the Laviana White-Skipper or Laviana Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found from Argentina through Central America and northern Mexico to southern Texas. Strays can be found in southern Arizona and central and northern Texas. The habitat consists of edges of brushy areas trails roadsides open woodland thorn forest and streamsides.The wingspan is 35-42 mm. The upperside of the males is white with dark markings along the outer wing margins.
 Różany [ruˈʐanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Głowno 30 km (19 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 31 km (19 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 It Was All a Dream is the third studio album by Southern rapper Lil' Keke. It was released on July 14 1999 and is now out of print. But in 2004 there was a Rap Classics version made. Guest appearances include 8Ball Big Hawk Big Pokey Archie Lee Mr.3-2 Hot Boys SPM Herschelwood Hardheadz and more.
 Qaemabad (Persian: قائم اباد‎ also Romanized as Qā’emābād and Qa’emābād; also known as Qa’emābād Shāh Yūrdī Shahivardi Shāh Vardī Shāhverdī Shāhyowrdī and Shāh Yūrdī) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1186 in 226 families.
 Darreh Chapi (Persian: دره چپي‎ also Romanized as Darreh Chapī; also known as Darreh Chīnī) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District in the Zagros District of Chardaval County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 33 families.
 The Australian Pratincole (Stiltia isabella) is a species of bird in the Glareolidae family found in Australia Christmas Island Indonesia Malaysia and Papua New Guinea.It is a medium sized nomadic shorebird which is commonly found in arid inland Australia. It breeds predominantly from south-western Queensland to northern Victoria and through central Australia to the Kimberley region in Western Australia.The Australian population is estimated at 60 000.
 Meehaz Mountain is a mountain in the Cassiar Country of the Northern Interior of British Columbia Canada located on the north side of the headwaters of Teslin River and to the south of the Atsutla Range. It is a product of subglacial volcanism during the Pleistocene period when this area was covered by thick glacial ice forming a subglacial volcano that never broke through the overlying glacial ice known as a subglacial mound.
 Rhynchaglaea perscitula is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family which is endemic to Taiwan.
 The Underdog/El Subestimado is a rap/hip-hop album released by Tego Calderón on August 29 2006. The first single of the album was titled Los Maté (I Killed Them) which has garnered much air-play on the radio. During a press conference in Puerto Rico Tego Calderón expressed that this new album is a diary of sorts from my experiences. There are happy moments and sad ones.This time around Tego decided not to use as much reggaeton and focus more on hip-hop.
 Raanjhanaa (English: Beloved One) is a 2013 Indian romantic drama film directed by Anand L. Rai and written by Himanshu Sharma. The film is produced by Krishika Lulla under the banner Eros International. It stars Dhanush in his Bollywood debut Sonam Kapoor and Abhay Deol in lead roles. The film was released on 21 June 2013 worldwide while the dubbed Tamil version titled Ambikapathy was released a week later.
 Carabus alexandrae cratocephaloides is a subspecies of black coloured beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Gansu China. The females of the subspecies are on average approximately 28 millimetres (1.1 in) long.
 Endophthora are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae.
 Melody Maker is a defunct UK weekly pop/rock music newspaper which was one of the world's earliest music weeklies (according to its publisher IPC Media the earliest). It was founded in 1926 largely as a magazine for dance band musicians by Leicester-born composer publisher Lawrence Wright; the first editor was Edgar Jackson. In 2000 it was merged into long-standing rival (and IPC Media sister publication) New Musical Express.
 In the Bag is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley released on the Jazzland label featuring performances by Adderley with his brother Cannonball Adderley Sam Jones Nat Perrilliat James Black and Ellis Marsalis.
 Frank DuVal Hargrove Sr. (born January 13 1927) is an American politician. From 1982 to 2010 he served in the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 55th district in the northeast suburbs of Richmond in and around Hanover County.On January 26 2009 Hargrove announced that he would not run for reelection.
 The Escoe Building also known as the Simmons Building was at 228-230 N. 2nd St. Muskogee Oklahoma. It was a two-story brick office building built in 1908 and demolished in 1988.The Escoe Building was the only professional building in Muskogee's black district and housed the first black-owned bank in Oklahoma. It was also known as the Simmons Building because it housed the Simmons Royalty Co. Oklahoma's first major oil business owned by a black family.
 Nowa Dąbrowa [ˈnɔva dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn within Wolsztyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Wolsztyn and 64 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 402.
 Return to Paradise is a South Seas drama film released by United Artists in 1953. The film was directed by Mark Robson and starred Gary Cooper Barry Jones and Roberta Haynes. It was based on a short story Mr. Morgan by James Michener in his short story collection Return to Paradise his sequel to Tales of the South Pacific. It was filmed on location in Matautu Western Samoa (present-day Samoa).
 The Oakura River is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows north from the slopes of Taranaki/Mount Egmont veering northwest before reaching the Tasman Sea at Oakura southwest of New Plymouth.
 Bochicidae is a family of pseudoscorpions distributed throughout the Caribbean Central America and Mexico with one species found as far north as Texas. Members of the family can be diagnosed mainly by features of the claws notably the presence of exactly 12 trichobothria on each claw (members of other similar families possess many more) and a long as opposed to short venom duct.
 Oba Lake – North is a lake of the Algoma District in northern Ontario Canada. It is located on the northwestern border of the Chapleau Crown Game Preserve.
 Andrew Rabb House is a historic home located at German Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1773 and is a 2 1/2-story 5-bay stone dwelling in a vernacular Georgian style. It measures 44 feet by 24 feet. Andrew Rabb (c. 1740-1804) was a locally prominent and wealthy distiller who was significant in the Whiskey Rebellion in Fayette County.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Saranggola (international title: The Kite) is a 1999 Filipino drama film directed by Gil Portes starring Ricky Davao Lester Llansang and Jennifer Sevilla and produced by GMA Films and Teamwork Productions. It is a chilling morality tale showing murder and corruption through the eyes of a child.
 Emigrant Peak el. 10915 feet (3327 m)is a prominent mountain peak on the western edge of the Absaroka Range near Emigrant Montana. The peak is flanked by Emigrant Gulch on the north and Sixmile Creek on the south with the Gallatin National Forest and lies just outside the Absaroka-Beartooth Wilderness. The peak is readily visible from Paradise Valley Montana and U.S. Route 89 when traveling to the north entrance of Yellowstone National Park at Gardiner Montana.
 The Golden Gate (1986) is the first novel by poet and novelist Vikram Seth. The work is a novel in verse composed of 590 Onegin stanzas (sonnets written in iambic tetrameter with the rhyme scheme following the unusual ababccddeffegg pattern of Eugene Onegin).
 Jonathan Wallace House is a historic home located at Potsdam in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1828 and is a two story five bay hipped roof Federal style residence with a two story rear wing built about 1846. The main block and wing are constructed of red Potsdam Sandstone in the slab and binder style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Dansa als esperits is a Spanish 2009 documentary film.
 Gulen is a fjord in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The fjord empties into the Frøysjøen strait (on the west end) and to the east it splits into three branches: Nordgulen Midtgulen and Sørgulen. The fjord is a maximum of 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) long (including the Nordgulen branch) terminating at the village of Svelgen in the east. The Svelgen river is one of the primary inflows of the fjord.
 Lee Nerison (born July 31 1952) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.Born in La Crosse Wisconsin Nerison is in the agricultural business and lives in Westby Wisconsin. Nerison has served in the Wisconsin State Assembly as a member of the Republican Party since 2005. He represents the 96th Assembly District which includes all of Vernon and Crawford counties and part of Monroe County. Nerison is the Chair of the Wisconsin Assembly Committee on Agriculture.
 Grand Bec is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3398 metres above sea level.
 The Urban Hive is a building designed by architect In-Cheurl Kim located at the address of 200-7 Nonhyun-dong Gangnam-gu in Seoul Korea. The building is called the Urban Hive because of its unusual honeycomb exterior structure.
 Skybreaker sequel to Airborn is a fantasy novel for young adults and adolescents written by Canadian author Kenneth Oppel. It continues the adventures of young airship student Matt Cruse and Kate de Vries a would-be scientist.
 You Are What You Eat is a 1968 American counterculture semi-documentary movie that attempts to capture the essence of the 1960s flower power hippie era and the Haight & Ashbury scene. The film features locally known personalities including well known and somewhat mythical pot dealer Super Spade and musicians of the day including Tiny Tim David Crosby and Peter Yarrow etc.
 The Man Who Invented the Moon is a 2003 film by Normandie County Films written by Lee Kirk and directed by John Cabrera. The film stars Sean Gunn Nicolette DiMaggio Julie Dolan and Brent Sexton and was produced by Larry Fitzgibbon. The Man Who Invented the Moon was John Cabrera's directorial debut.
 Tom Tom Magazine is a quarterly print magazine and website based out of New York City. It was founded in 2009 by Mindy Abovitz who currently serves as editor-in-chief. It is the only magazine in the world that is dedicated to female drummers.
 Hanan Wak'a (Quechua hanan elevated high wak'a a local god of protection a sacred object or place high wak'a hispanicized spelling Hananhuaca) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Amazonas Region Utcubamba Province Cumba District near the little village of Tactago.Hanan Wak'a is a natural viewpoint with good views across the Marañón valley. Annually on June 24 a feast is celebrated on top of the mountain named Día de los Campesinos (Spanish for peasants' day).
 Hello Everything is an album by Squarepusher released on 16 October 2006.This is Squarepusher's tenth album and prior to its release three downloadable singles were made available from Bleep (Warp's download store) — Welcome to Europe Hanningfield Window and Exciton; the last two are only on the Japanese version of the album. All three tracks were released on the 12 vinyl single Welcome to Europe. Limited editions of the album included a bonus 3 CD Vacuum Tracks.
 Sangar (Persian: سنگر‎) is a village in Dasht-e Bil Rural District in the Central District of Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 60 families.
 James Karl Bartleman OC OOnt (born 24 December 1939 in Orillia Ontario) is a Canadian diplomat author and was the 27th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario from 2002 to 2007.James Bartleman grew up in the Muskoka town of Port Carling and is a member of the Chippewas of Mnjikaning First Nation.
 The Ceylon Journal of Medical Science is a peer-reviewed medical journal that started out as Section D of the Ceylon Journal of Science which was first published in 1924 by the Government of Ceylon. It obtained its current name in 1965 and is now being published by the University of Colombo. The journal publishes articles reviews original research and case reports in medicine and medical sciences.
 Bouguer is a lunar impact crater that lies along the southern edge of the Mare Frigoris to the north of the crater Bianchini. To the west-southwest of Bouguer along the same shore of the mare is the crater Foucault. Nearly due west is the more prominent Harpalus and to the west is La Condamine.This is a relatively young crater with well-defined edge. The formation is relatively circular but there are slight outward bulges to the east north-northwest and southwest.
 Tilehurst Water Tower also sometimes known as Park Lane Water Tower is a distinctive water tower in Tilehurst a suburb of the English town of Reading.
 In This House of Brede is a novel by Rumer Godden published in 1969.
 RIITIIR occasionally typeset as RIITIIЯ is the twelfth studio album from the Norwegian black metal band Enslaved. It was released on September 28 2012 in Europe and on October 9 2012 in North America. The name RIITIIR is Ivar Bjørnson's Norse-ified take on the words Rites/Rituals or The Rites of Man.
 Simon Ritter Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Varick in Seneca County New York. It is a late Federal / early Greek Revival style cobblestone farmhouse with an overlay of Italianate detailing. It is a two story slightly asymmetrical structure on a raised fieldstone foundation. It was built about 1830 and is constructed of irregularly sized and variously colored field cobbles. The house is among the approximately 18 surviving cobblestone buildings in Seneca County.
 Kaleidoscope is a 1966 British crime film starring Warren Beatty and Susannah York.
 Plusidia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Isaac Davis (June 2 1799 – April 1 1883) was a lawyer and politician active in Worcester Massachusetts.Davis was born in Northborough Massachusetts graduated from Brown University in 1822 studied law until admitted to the bar in 1825 and began the practice in Worcester Massachusetts where he soon rose to eminence. He was from 1843 to 1854 a member of the Massachusetts Senate and three times mayor of Worcester from 1856 to 1859 in 1858 and 1861.
 L'Indice dei libri del mese (L'Indice) is an Italian monthly of cultural information. Founded in 1984 it is one of the most longeve and authoritative in the field.
 Just Like Heaven is an American romantic comedy fantasy film released on September 16 2005 in the United States and Canada. Set in San Francisco it was directed by Mark Waters starring Reese Witherspoon Mark Ruffalo and Jon Heder. It is based on the novel If Only It Were True (Et si c'était vrai...) by Marc Levy. Steven Spielberg acquired the rights to make the film out of the book.
 The Royal Naval Hospital Gibraltar (RNH Gibraltar) formerly the British Military Hospital Gibraltar (BMH Gibraltar) was a military hospital founded c. 1903 to provide healthcare for British military personnel and local sailors. The facility located on Europa Road in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar's South District comprised three buildings. The hospital was transferred to the Royal Navy in 1963.
 Becconsall Old Church is a redundant church in the village of Hesketh Bank Lancashire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It is situated on a lane leading to a boatyard on the River Douglas.
 Language Mesh (German: Sprachgitter) is a 1959 German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan. It was translated to English by Joachim Groschel in 1971 as Speech-Grille and as Language Mesh by Michael Hamburger in 1988.
 Christian Archibald Herter (March 28 1895 – December 30 1966) was an American politician and statesman; 59th governor of Massachusetts from 1953 to 1957 and United States Secretary of State from 1959 to 1961.
 Phlogothauma is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
 A.I. Revolution (A·Iレボリューション A. I Reboryuushon) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yuu Asami.
 Elwood Gordon Gee (born February 2 1944) is an American academic and is currently serving his second term as President of West Virginia University. He has served as the chief executive at several universities in the United States previously serving at Ohio State University. Gee had been heading an Ohio State-based think tank following his retirement from the Ohio State presidency on July 1 2013.
 Marina Promenade is a cluster of six residential towers located in Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The six towers range in height from 77 m (250 ft) to 147 m (480 ft). The shortest tower has 23 floors while the tallest has 39 floors.
 Słuchowo [swuˈxɔvɔ] (Kashubian: Słëchòwò German: Schlochow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Krokowa 30 km (19 mi) west of Puck and 63 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 160.
 The Wheel of Brisbane is a Bussink R60 transportable Ferris wheel installation in Brisbane Queensland Australia. It is almost 60 metres (197 ft) tall.It was erected in 2008 at the northern entrance to South Bank Parklands the transformed World Expo 88 site by the Brisbane River as part of the 20th anniversary of World Expo 88 and the 150th anniversary of the State of Queensland 1859–2009 celebrations.
 Trematocara unimaculatum is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika. This species can reach a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL.
 Lago di Lei is a reservoir in the Valle di Lei. The lake is almost entirely located in Italy but the barrage was built on territory later assigned to Switzerland (municipality of Innerferrera Grisons). The dam is operated by Kraftwerke Hinterrhein.The waters of the lake are the only waters in Italian territory which end up in the North Sea being part of the Rhine's drainage basin.
 The Ibar also known as the Ibër and Ibri (Albanian: Ibër Ibri; Montenegrin/Bosnian: Ibar Serbian Cyrillic: Ибар pronounced [îbar]) is a river that flows through eastern Montenegro Serbia and Kosovo with a total length of 276 km (171 mi). The river begins in the Hajla mountain in Rožaje eastern Montenegro passes through Kosovo and flows into the West Morava river Central Serbia near Kraljevo.It belongs to the Black Sea drainage basin.
 Live 1983–1989 is a collection of live performances by British pop duo Eurythmics recorded throughout the 1980s. The collection is spread across two discs encompassing the years of their greatest commercial success.
 Mihnea Ioan Motoc is the current ambassador from Romania to the European Union.
 Fallin is Tay Kewei's second label album released on February 14 2012.
 The Pianist is a studio album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington compiled from sessions in 1966 and 1970 and released on the Fantasy label in 1974.
 IA The Journal of the Society for Industrial Archeology is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Society for Industrial Archeology currently edited by Fredric L. Quivik (Michigan Technological University). IA publishes scholarly research essays and reviews of books published in the field of industrial archeology.
 Koila is a village in Viru-Nigula Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Holding My Own is a 1992 album by country music singer George Strait. It was released by MCA Records and features the singles Gone as a Girl Can Get and So Much Like My Dad both of which charted in the Top 5 on the country charts. Trains Make Me Lonesome was previously recorded by the trio Schuyler Knobloch & Overstreet on their self-titled debut album and before that by Marty Haggard.
 Olympian is the 1995 debut album by British indie band Gene.The album reached #8 in the UK albums chart selling 70000 copies and gaining a silver disc.
 Possum Kingdom Lake (popularly known as P.K.) is a reservoir on the Brazos River located primarily in Palo Pinto County Texas. It was the first water supply reservoir constructed in the Brazos River basin. The lake has an area of approximately 17000 acres (6900 ha) with 310 miles (500 km) of shoreline.
 The Cerro Colorado Mountains are a low mountain range in southern Pima County Arizona USA. The highest point of the range is (5319 feet (1621 m)). The range consists of a NNW–SSE trending ridge with several shorter ridges extending off the main ridge to the ENE.
 Nancy Goes to Rio is a musical comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1950. It was directed by Robert Z. Leonard and produced by Joe Pasternak from a screenplay by Sidney Sheldon based on a story by Ralph Block Frederick Kohner and Jane Hall.
 Gader Valley (Slovak: Gaderská dolina) is a long valley in the Greater Fatra Range in Central Slovakia. It is accessible from the village of Blatnica. The valley is the gateway to the peaks of Tlstá and Ostrá. Its upper part from the merger with the Selenec Valley is named Dedošová.
 Kainach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Scopula oppunctata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
 Captain America is a 1944 Republic black-and-white serial film loosely based on the Timely Comics (today known as Marvel Comics) character Captain America. It was the last Republic serial made about a superhero. It also has the distinction of being the most expensive serial that Republic ever made.
 Hog Harbour is a village in the island of Espiritu Santo in Vanuatu.It is located in northeast Santo in close proximity to Port Olry village.
 Trial by Jury is a 1994 American thriller film directed by Heywood Gould and starring Joanne Whalley Gabriel Byrne and Armand Assante.
 The Milton Odem House is a small bungalow home located in Redmond Oregon. The house was built in 1937 by Ole K. Olson for Milton Odem a local theater owner. It is one of the best examples of residential Streamline Moderne architecture in Oregon. The Milton Odem House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 J. Chitharanjan (October 22 1927 – June 13 2008) was an Indian labor leader politician a leader of the Communist Party of India (CPI). He was the president of CPI's Trade Union wing AITUC a Minister in the state and was a member of the Rajya Sabha.Chitharanjan was elected to Kerala Assembly in 1977 1980 and 1987 from his home district of Kollam. His parents were Janardhanan Asan and Meenakshi Amma.
 Scaphiophis is a genus of African snakes. Common names include shovel-nosed snake.
 From Time to Time is a 2009 British adventure film directed by Julian Fellowes and starring Maggie Smith Timothy Spall Carice van Houten Alex Etel Eliza Bennett Elisabeth Dermot-Walsh Dominic West Hugh Bonneville Kwayedza Kureya and Pauline Collins. It was adapted from Lucy M. Boston's 1958 children's novel The Chimneys of Green Knowe. The film was shot in Athelhampton Hall Dorset.
 Mantidactylus webbi is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Arturo Modesto Tolentino (September 19 1910 – August 2 2004) was a prominent political figure in the Philippines who briefly held the position of vice president in 1986. He is more well known as the father of the Philippine “archipelagic doctrine” and expert on the Law of the Sea.
 Jammy Smears is a studio album by Ivor Cutler originally released in 1976. It was the last of the three albums he released on Virgin Records and as with the previous two he is joined by Phyllis King who reads six of her own poems and short stories.
 Cephalia fulvicornis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Cephalia of the family Ulidiidae.
 Pygmodeon is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Pygmodeon andreae (Germar 1824) Pygmodeon boreale Martins 1971 Pygmodeon buscki (Linsley 1935) Pygmodeon cribripenne (Bates 1880) Pygmodeon ditelum (Bates 1872) Pygmodeon excelsum Martins & Napp 1986 Pygmodeon involutum (Bates 1870) Pygmodeon latevittatum (Bates 1885) Pygmodeon m-littera (Martins 1962) Pygmodeon mutabile (Melzer 1935) Pygmodeon obtusum (Bates 1874) Pygmodeon puniceum Martins 1970 Pygmodeon staurotum Martins 1970 Pygmodeon validicorne (Bates 1885)↑
 Rebecca Vigil-Giron (born September 4 1954) is an American politician who served as a Democratic Secretary of State in New Mexico from 1987 to 1990 and from 1999 to 2006. She is the longest serving Secretary of State in New Mexico History.
 Revue aerospatiale was a monthly magazine published by the French aerospace company Aérospatiale.
 Bannerdale Crags is a fell in the English Lake District. It stands between Blencathra and Bowscale Fell in the Northern Fells.
 Shir Savar (Persian: شيرسوار‎ also Romanized as Shīr Savār) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District Gatab District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 995 in 227 families.
 Çavak is a village in the Mersin Province Turkey. Administratively it's part of Yenişehir district (which is an intracity district within Mersin city). The population of the village is 1132 as of 2011. The village is north of the city center.
 The Sports Lawyers Journal is a law journal edited by Tulane University Law School students and published by the Sports Lawyers Association (SLA). The Journal is annually distributed to over 1000 lawyers professors law students and other readers. It bills itself as the most widely read legal sports journal in the country. The Journal primarily seeks to publish student-written articles.
 Ronnie Foster Live: Cookin' with Blue Note at Montreux is a live album by American jazz organist Ronnie Foster recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1973 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Pain (Persian: پائين‎ also Romanized as Pā’īn) is a village in Gevar Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Smoliska [smɔˈliska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżec within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Bełżec 9 km (6 mi) south of Tomaszów Lubelski and 115 km (71 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Hypocoela is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Leucanopsis terola is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1941. It is found in Brazil.
 Erika Forster-Vannini (born 27 February 1944 in Zürich) is a Swiss politician of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland and President of the Swiss Council of States (2009/2010).She held many other offices including President of the Foundation for the Protection of the Swiss Landscape Member of the Board of the Association of Private Limited Companies Member of the Board of the Minergie Association President of the Foundation for Psychiatric Services for Young People in the Canton of St.
 Lat (Persian: لات‎ also Romanized as Lāt) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 300 in 89 families.
 The Cocoș River is a tributary of the Agigea branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.
 Never Never Land is a 1971 album by the UK underground group Pink Fairies.The group were formed when the three musicians from The Deviants having sacked their singer and leader Mick Farren returned from a disastrous tour of the West Coast of North America and hooked up with Twink.
 Andy Pratt is the second album by American singer-songwriter Andy Pratt. It is a raw emotionally expressive and musically experimental album.The song 'Avenging Annie' was covered by The Who's lead singer Roger Daltrey for his third solo album 'One of the Boys'.
 If Only It Were True (original title: Si seulement c'était vrai...) is French author Marc Levy's first novel released in 1999. It was translated into English in 2000 and was adapted into the American film Just Like Heaven in 2005. A 2006 Bollywood movie named I See You is also an adaptation of this book. A Malayalam film Vismayathumbathu with a similar theme was released in 2004. The inspiration of which may be this novel.
 The Erza McKenzie Round Barn is located near Hazleton in rural Buchanan County Iowa. It was built in 1922 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 70 feet (21.3m) around. The barn is constructed of clay tile and features small cupolas on the west southwest and south sides of the structure. The building features a two-pitch roof and a central silo.
 Packerville Bridge is a historic 62 feet (18.9 m) bridge carrying Packerville Road over Mill Brook in Plainfield Connecticut. It is a masonry arch bridge with cut-stone barrel and rubble spandrels. The bridge was built in 1886 and is a well-preserved example of vernacular 19th century masonry bridge technology. The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 William Bill Partlow Daniel (November 20 1915 – June 20 2006) was a Governor of Guam and Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives. Born in Dayton Texas and a graduate of Baylor University he spent the majority of his life working as a lawyer in Liberty County Texas.
 Budy Kaleńskie [ˈbudɨ kaˈlɛɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Szczawin Kościelny 10 km (6 mi) east of Gostynin and 98 km (61 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Mowtowr-e Jafar (Persian: موتورجعفر‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Jaʿfar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 6 families.
 Dirk Nowitzki : German Wunderkind is a biography of the German NBA basketball star Dirk Nowitzki written by German sports journalists Dino Reisner and Holger Sauer. It was published in 2004 by the German Copress publishing house. It follows Nowitzki's life as a boy in Würzburg how he turned to basketball as a teenager broke through in Germany and eventually became the franchise player of the Dallas Mavericks in the NBA.
 Tanaophysa is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The U.S. Post Office-Lewiston Main is an historic main post office at 49 Ash Street in Lewiston Maine.The post office was built in 1933 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Misir Jumayil oglu Mardanov (Azerbaijani: Misir Mərdanov Cumayıl oğlu; born October 3 1946) is an Azerbaijani politician and was the Minister of Education from 1998 to 2013.
 Count Mikhail Petrovich Bestuzhev-Ryumin (Михаи́л Петро́вич Бесту́жев-Рю́мин) (1688 Moscow – 1760) was a Russian diplomat. He was the son of Pyotr Bestuzhev and elder brother of the more famous Aleksey Bestuzhev.Mikhail Bestuzhev was brought up with his brother in Berlin. In 1705 Peter the Great commanded him to join the Russian embassy in Copenhagen.
 The Post-Bulletin is the major newspaper for Rochester Minnesota. Published Monday through Saturday each week it is the largest afternoon newspaper in the state. The Post-Bulletin also offers an exact replica of the print edition online to subscribers. It publishes an Austin Minnesota edition.Originally there were two separate publications the Post and the Bulletin. The Post-Bulletin's foundation marked the combination of these two in 1925.
 Skeptics Apocalypse is the debut album from the US speed metal band Agent Steel. It was recorded in Los Angeles California and mastered at Frankort Wayne Studios by Tom Coyne. The album was released by Combat Records in June 1985 and reissued in 1999 by Century Media.
 The Murat River (Turkish: Murat Nehri) or Eastern Euphrates is the major source of the Euphrates. The river was called Arsanias (Armenian: Արածանի) in antiquity. It originates near Mount Ararat north of Lake Van in Eastern Turkey and flows westward for 722 km (449 mi) through mountainous area.
 The Haunt of Fear was a bi-monthly horror comic anthology series published by EC Comics in 1950. Along with Tales from the Crypt and The Vault of Horror it formed a trifecta of popular EC horror anthologies. The Haunt of Fear was sold at newsstands beginning with its May/June 1950 issue. It ceased publication with its November/December 1954 issue compiling a total of 28 issues.
 Hold That Ghost is a 1941 comedy horror film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello and featuring Joan Davis Evelyn Ankers and Shemp Howard.On August 1 1941 Abbott and Costello performed a live version of the film for radio audiences on Louella Parsons' Hollywood Premiere.
 St Luke's Church Broughton Sulney is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Upper Broughton.
 Sister Act 2: Back In The Habit is a 1993 American comedy film loosely based on the life of Crenshaw High School choir instructor Iris Stevenson and starring Whoopi Goldberg. Directed by Bill Duke and released by Columbia Pictures it is the sequel to the successful 1992 film Sister Act. Most of the original cast reprise their roles in the sequel including Kathy Najimy Maggie Smith Wendy Makkena and Mary Wickes.
 A Woman of Affairs is a 1928 drama film directed by Clarence Brown and starring Greta Garbo John Gilbert Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Lewis Stone.
 Sports Hochi (スポーツ報知 Supōtsu Hōchi) previously known as Hochi Shimbun (報知新聞 Hōchi Shinbun) is a Japanese language daily sports newspaper. In 2002 it had a circulation of a million.[citation needed]It is an affiliate newspaper of Yomiuri Shimbun.
 Qush Qayahsi (Persian: قوش قيه سي‎ also Romanized as Qūsh Qayahsī; also known as Qūshqāyā) is a village in Zolbin Rural District Yamchi District Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 147 in 31 families.
 The Xitiao River (Chinese: 西苕溪) is located in Zhejiang Province China.
 Sternidius variegatus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae and the only species in the genus Sternidius. It was described by Haldeman in 1847.
 The Big Question: A Novel of Reality Television by the Author of Confessions of a Dangerous Mind is a 2007 novel by Chuck Barris about a game show which airs in 2011.
 Fuzzbucket is a 1986 television film written and directed by Mick Garris starring Chris Hebert as a young Michael Gerber and Phil Fondacaro as his invisible friend Fuzzbucket. The films also stars Joe Regalbuto as Michael's dad Wendy Phillips as his mother Robyn Lively as his older sister and John Vernon as the Principal.
 Loiq Sher-Ali (born 1941 in Tajiki/Persian: Лоиқ Шералӣ/لائق شیرعلی) was a Tajik poet Iranologist and one of the most celebrated Persian literary figures of Tajikistan and central Asia.Loiq Sher-Ali had expertise in classical Persian poetry. The influence of Firdowsi Khayyam and Molana Jalaleddin-e Balkhi is evident in Shir-Ali's works.
 The Valea Runcu River is a headwater of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 The genus Neophema is an Australian genus with six or seven species. They are small parakeets with a more or less dull green basic color with some contrasting colorful patches and are commonly known as grass parrots.
 Cyanopepla imperialis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1883. It is found in Ecuador.
 An Instance of the Fingerpost is a 1997 historical mystery novel by Iain Pears.
 Thallogama is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Aku Ankka (Finnish for Donald Duck) is a Finnish weekly Disney comics magazine published by Sanoma Magazines.The first issue was published on December 5 1951 and sold 34017 copies. The first issue with a special Christmas theme and the Snow White story published later in the 1950s are very prized collectors' items and can fetch a price of several thousand euros on the collector market.
 Zeitlbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Herald am was a free daily newspaper in Dublin which was published between 2005 and 2010. It was distributed at train stations bus stops Luas stations traffic junctions and high density footpaths and was one of two free newspapers distributed to Dublin commuters. It was owned by Independent News & Media and had a daily readership of around 120000 and a circulation of around 72000 copies daily. It merged with the competing publication Metro Ireland to form the Metro Herald in 2010.
 North Ray crater is a small crater in the Descartes Highlands of the moon visited by the astronauts of Apollo 16. The name of the crater was formally adopted by the IAU in 1973.The Apollo 16 Lunar Module (LM) Orion landed between North Ray and South Ray craters on April 21 1972. The astronauts John Young and Charles Duke explored the area between the craters over the course of three EVAs using a Lunar Roving Vehicle or rover.
 The Retezat Mountains (Romanian: Munţii Retezat) are one of the highest massifs in Romania being part of the Southern Carpathians. The highest peak is Peleaga (Vârful Peleaga) at an altitude of 2509 metres. Other important peaks are Păpuşa (Varful Păpuşa) and Retezat Peak (Vârful Retezat). The name means cut off in Romanian.
 The American National Bank Building is a historic bank in Alamosa Colorado United States. It is located at 500 State Avenue. Built in 1909 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 15 1999.
 Illusions perdues was written by the French writer Honoré de Balzac between 1837 and 1843.It consists of three parts starting in the provinces thereafter moving to Paris and finally returning to provincial France. Thus it resembles another of Balzac’s greatest novels La Rabouilleuse (The Black Sheep) in that it is set partly in Paris and partly in the provinces.
 Marshall Joyner Parker (April 25 1922 – November 15 2008) was a Republican politician from the U.S. state of South Carolina.
 Geritola liana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda and north-western Tanzania.
 The Râmna River is a tributary of the Belareca River in Romania.
 Maria Damanaki (Greek: Μαρία Δαμανάκη) is a Greek politician former president of the Synaspismos party of the radical left and currently a state member of the Hellenic Parliament within the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK).She was born in Agios Nikolaos Crete in 1952 and studied chemical engineering in the National Technical University of Athens.
 Demirçay is a village in the District of Söke Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 276 people.
 Live At Massey Hall 1971 is a live album by Neil Young. Released in 2007 the album features a solo acoustic performance from Massey Hall in Toronto Canada on 19 January 1971 during the Journey Through the Past Solo Tour. It is the second release in Young's Archives Performance Series. It reached #1 in Canada with 11000 units sold in its first week.
 Gone Fishin' is a 1997 American comedy film starring Joe Pesci and Danny Glover as two bumbling fishing enthusiasts. Nick Brimble Rosanna Arquette Lynn Whitfield and Willie Nelson costar. This film is the third collaboration between Glover and Pesci. The first two films with the two are Lethal Weapon 2 and Lethal Weapon 3. They would team up together again the following year for Lethal Weapon 4.
 Deadbeat Sweetheartbeat is the fourth and final studio album by Greensburg Pennsylvania indie-rock band The Juliana Theory released on September 13 2005 as a joint release from Abacus Records and the band's own Paperfist Records. It also includes a bonus DVD which features the making of the album and four bonus tracks.
 No Peace Under the Olive Tree is a 1950 Italian film directed by Giuseppe De Santis. It is a realist film.
 Träume sind stärker (English: Dreams are stronger) is a pop/rock album by the Austrian band Schürzenjäger. It was released in 1996 by BMG Ariola Media GmbH.
 Alwandi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in Karnataka.
 Linyphia triangularis is a European species of spider in the family Linyphiidae.
 The Broken Kingdoms is the second book of the Inheritance trilogy written by N. K. Jemisin. It takes place ten years after the events of The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms and centers around a young woman named Oree Shoth who lives in the World Tree-shrouded godling-inhabited city of Shadow.
 Anju (Persian: انجو‎ also Romanized as Anjū) is a village in Milas Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 317 in 67 families.
 Madugalla is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Ab Morgen is a German film directed by Raphael Wallner. It was released in 2011.
 Jahadabad Taleqani-ye Chah Shomareh-ye Yek (Persian: جهادابادطالقاني چاه شماره يك‎ also Romanized as Jahādābād Ţāleqānī-ye Chāh Shomāreh-ye Yek) is a village in Dehshir Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Izvorul Măguricii River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 Seyyediyeh (Persian: سيديه‎ also Romanized as Seyyedīyeh Sayyediyeh and Seydīyeh) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 82 in 16 families.
 The Nokomai River is a river in New Zealand a tributary of the Mataura River.
 Mickey's Explorers is a 1930 short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Albert Herman the two-reel short was released to theaters on February 17 1930 by RKO.
 The Terrorist Hunters (published 2009) is a controversial non-fiction book by former senior police officer Andy Hayman co-written by Margaret Gilmore about Hayman's role as head of the Metropolitan Police's Specialist Operations Division. The British Attorney General Baroness Scotland QC sought and initially won a High Court injunction against the publication of the book. The book was reported to have sold 2500 pre-order copies before the injunction was issued.
 Powelliphanta spedeni known as one of the amber snails is a species of large carnivorous land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae.
 Witków [ˈvitkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Chojnów 24 km (15 mi) west of Legnica and 85 km (53 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Pale Gray for Guilt (1968) is the ninth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot revolves around McGee's investigation into the death of his close friend Tush Bannon who he suspects has been murdered because of his refusal to sell his waterfront property to developers. In terms of series continuity Pale Gray for Guilt is particularly important in that it involves a love interest Puss Killian who is central to the final book: The Lonely Silver Rain.
 The Gray Comma or Grey Comma (Polygonia progne) is a species of Polygonia that occurs in North America.
 Daryasar (Persian: درياسر‎ also Romanized as Daryāsar) is a village in Daryasar Rural District Kumeleh District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2557 in 744 families.
 Oobius agrili is a parasitic non-stinging wasp of family Encyrtidae which is native to North Asia. It is a parasitoid of the emerald ash borer (Agrilus planipennis Fairmaire family Buprestidae) an invasive species which has destroyed tens of millions of ash trees in its introduced range in North America.
 Gnabagangal (English: Memories) is a 2009 Tamil-language drama film. It stars Pa. Vijay and Sridevika in the lead roles.This is a remake of the Hindi film Raincoat with only difference in the purpose of protagonist's visit to his ex-love.
 The Journal of Cachexia Sarcopenia and Muscle is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research relevant to changes in body composition especially cachexia and sarcopenia as consequences of chronic illnesses or of the aging process respectively. It was established in 2010 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media in association with the Society on Sarcopenia Cachexia and Wasting Disorders. The journal is abstracted and indexed in PubMed PubMed Central and EMBASE.
 Alice Echo-News Journal is a newspaper based in Alice Texas covering the Jim Wells County area of South Texas. Publishing Wednesday Friday and Sunday it is owned by American Consolidated Media.D.S. Boother founded the Alice Echo in 1894 publishing it as a weekly. He sold to a group headed by publisher Kenneth Fellows in 1935 which sold to V.D. Ringwald three years later.
 Gory Mahalleh (Persian: گرئ محله‎ also Romanized as Gory Maḩalleh) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 35 families.
 Alamut is a novel by Vladimir Bartol first published in 1938 in Slovenian dealing with the story of Hassan-i Sabbah and the Hashshashin and named after their Alamut fortress.Bartol first started to conceive the novel in the early 1930s when he lived in Paris. In the French capital he met with the Slovene literary critic Josip Vidmar who introduced him to the story of Hassan-i Sabbah.
 Paraethria triseriata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1855. It is found in Brazil (Parana Santa Catarina).
 Ugly Ego is the third album by the funk/soul band Cameo released in 1978.
 Adopted is a 2009 American independent film starring comedian Pauly Shore. It is a mockumentary in which [Pauly] plays himself going to Africa to adopt a child à la Madonna and Angelina Jolie. The film marks Shore's third turn as a writer director and producer.
 Mount Misen (弥山 Misen) is the holy mountain on the holy island Itsukushima in Hatsukaichi Hiroshima Japan; it is situated within the World Heritage area of Itsukushima Shrine.The sea around the island (Seto Inland Sea) and all of the island are within Setonaikai National Park.The foothills of the north side of the mountain are covered by primeval forest and have many buildings and gates including the temple of Daishō-in.
 Charles Pelham Villiers (3 January 1802 – 16 January 1898) was a British lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1835 to 1898 making him the longest-serving Member of Parliament (MP).
 Lost Corner Mountain is a mountain summit in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe on the border of the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County California. The city closest to it is Meyers California which is 4.4 miles away.The Pacific Crest Trail skirts the mountain on its west flank.
 The Fântânele River is a tributary of the Mostil River in Romania.
 Frankford (Preparative) Friends Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Its oldest parts having been built in 1775–1776 it is significant as the oldest surviving meeting house in Philadelphia.Located at the corner of Unity and Waln Streets it is now used also as a community center.
 The Jacaré Pepira River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lorene Thomason Coates (born January 13 1936) served as a Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the U.S. state's seventy-seventh House district including constituents in Rowan county from 2001-2011.A retiree from Salisbury North Carolina she worked for the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
 Sarab-e Ahmadvand (Persian: سراب احمدوند‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Aḩmadvand; also known as Gachīneh Gajīneh and Machīneh) is a village in Nurabad Rural District in the Central District of Delfan County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 671 in 143 families.
 Zapatos Viejos (English: Old Shoes) is a spanish-language 1993 film directed by Sergio Andrade.
 Guns & Weapons for Law Enforcement (ISSN 1058-2975) is a firearms magazine that is published eight times per year by Harris Publications.
 The Kukule is a river in Sabaragamuwa Province in southwestern Sri Lanka. The Kukule Ganga Dam and reservoir lies along the river.
 Shy People is the Tangerine Dream soundtrack to the 1988 movie Shy People.
 Yana Urqu (Quechua yana black urqu mountain black mountain hispanicized spelling Yana Orco) is a mountain in the Potosí mountain range of the Bolivian Andes about 4860 m (15945 ft) high. It is situated south east of Potosí in the Potosí Department in the north of the José María Linares Province. Yana Urqu lies north east of the Khunurana and Mount Q'umir Qucha and east of the small lakes Muyu Qucha and Q'umir Qucha.
 Seatallan is a mountain in the western part of the English Lake District. It is rounded grassy and fairly unassuming occupying a large amount of land. However it is classed as a Marilyn because of the low elevation of the col connecting it to Haycock its nearest higher neighbour to the north. The name Seatallan is believed to have a Cumbric origin meaning Aleyn's high pasture.
 St. Andrew's Church Nottingham is a parish church in the Church of England.
 Hemidiaptomus is a genus of freshwater copepods in the family Diaptomidae containing the following species:Hemidiaptomus ignatovi G. O. Sars 1903Hemidiaptomus monticola Weisig & Ali-Zade 1938Hemidiaptomus rylovi Charin 1928Hemidiaptomus tarnogradskii Rylov 1926↑
 A Smoky Mountain Christmas is a 1986 fantasy television film directed by Henry Winkler (who also has a cameo role in the film). It stars Dolly Parton and Lee Majors.
 Food Network Magazine is a monthly food entertainment magazine founded by Hearst Corporation and Scripps Networks Interactive based on the latter's popular television network Food Network. The magazine debuted in 2008 originally as two newsstand-only test issues to be followed by the first official issue in June 2009. As of 2010 it reaches 5 million readers with each issue with a 1.35 million circulation. It is now published 10 times a year.
 Ceutholopha isidis is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceutholopha. It was described by Zeller in 1867 and is known from Egypt India Pakistan Sri Lanka Afghanistan Iran Namibia South Africa and the United Arab Emirates.The larvae feed on Acacia farnesiana Acacia tortilis Rhus oxyacantha and Acacia nilotica.
 Anekes undulisculpta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
 Baldwin's Arcade in Hope North Dakota was built in 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1975.According to its NRHP nomination it is the oldest commercial building in the county and served as apost office bank furniture store funeral parlor drug store hardware store and grocery at various times during its long years of service.
 Harry A. Englehart Jr. (August 21 1923 – May 1982) is a former Democrat member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He died suddenly in a Pittsburgh hospital in 1982.
 Manigramam is a village in Nagapattinam district in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is located 25 km from Mayiladuthurai (Mayuram) 18 km from Sirkali 5 km from Poompuhar 2 km from Thiruvengadu. Famous Thirumani Azhagar temple is located in this village. Other than this Mariyamman temple PiraiVeeran temple Mosque and Church decorate the village.Nearest Railway Station : Sirkazhi Mayiladuthurai Nearest Airport : Tiruchy
 Faneuil Hall (/ˈfænjəl/ or /ˈfænəl/; previously /ˈfʌnəl/) located near the waterfront and today's Government Center in Boston Massachusetts has been a marketplace and a meeting hall since 1742. It was the site of several speeches by Samuel Adams James Otis and others encouraging independence from Great Britain. Now it is part of Boston National Historical Park and a well-known stop on the Freedom Trail.
 Andromeda Klein is Frank Portman's second young adult novel published in 2009.The story focuses on high school occultist Andromeda who simultaneously tries to save her beloved local library from modernization and solve the various mysteries surrounding: her missing much-older boyfriend; the strange signs seemingly being sent to her from her recently deceased best friend Daisy; and her ever more prophetic tarot readings.
 Wilde Aa is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Gadmeh Gater (Persian: گادمه گتر‎ also Romanized as Gādmeh Gater) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 416 in 80 families.
 Sax Expressions is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1965 and originally released on the Roost label.
 Good Samaritan Hospital is a hospital in Los Angeles California United States. The hospital has 408 beds.
 The Whakataki River is a river of the southern Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally south before turning east to reach the Pacific Ocean five kilometres north of Castlepoint.
 Straight out of Cypress is a compilation album by Big Eye released under on May 29 2001. The album is a 3-CD box set with each album from V & Legacy Mellow Man Ace and SX-10.
 The Jicatuyo River is a river in Honduras.
 Kłobia [ˈkwɔbja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Świątki and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia). The village has a population of 55.
 The Swindle Continues is the first album released by the Ex Pistols in 1988.
 Johnny Cash with His Hot and Blue Guitar is the debut album of country singer Johnny Cash released on October 11 1957.
 The Frank G. Bloom House or Bloom Mansion is located in Trinidad Colorado USA which is within Las Animas County. The Bloom Mansion is a late 19th-century building meant to serve as the personal residence of its owner. The mansion is located in Trinidad's 300 block of Main Street and has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1970.
 The Church of St Mary the Virgin Halkyn is to the north of the village of Halkyn Flintshire Wales. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of St Asaph. The church is designated by Cadw as a Grade I listed building.
 Plauer See is a lake in the state of Brandenburg Germany. It is situated to the west of the city of Brandenburg an der Havel and is one of a number of directly linked lakes along with the Breitlingsee Möserscher See Quenzsee and Wendsee.The lake has a surface area of 6.4 square kilometres (2.5 sq mi) and has a maximum depth of 6.7 metres (22 ft).The navigable River Havel flows through the lake entering from directly from the Breitlingsee and exiting downstream at Plaue.
 William Woodville Rockhill (May 1 1854 – December 8 1914) was a United States diplomat best known as the author of the U.S.'s Open Door Policy for China and as the first American to learn to speak Tibetan and therefore as the father of modern U.S. Tibetan Studies.
 Tolv i topp is a 1997 cover album from Swedish dansband Lotta Engbergs mostly featuring covers from 1960s and 1970s hits/schlagers. The album was recorded after Lotta Engberg in 1996 hosted the TV show Fem i topp in TV4 and sung the songs. The album was released in the name of the dansband Lotta Engbergs. The album peaked at # 23 at the Swedish album chart.
 Vern Swanson (born July 2 1941) is a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives representing the 64th district. He has served since 2007.
 Thelecythara is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Horaiclavidae.
 Tirol (16 March 1987 – August 2007) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a racing career that lasted from July 1989 to September 1990 he ran nine times in Britain Ireland and France. Beginning in September 1989 he won five consecutive races culminating the following spring with successes in the Classic 2000 Guineas at Newmarket (in record time) and the Irish 2000 Guineas at the Curragh.
 The Flimspitz (2929 m) is a mountain of the Samnaun Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Austria. It lies on the range between the Greitspitz and the Bürkelkopf.From the Flimjoch a trail leads to the summit of the mountain.
 This article refers to the now-demolished Peter G. Van Winkle House. For the Van Winkle-Wix House see Julia-Ann Square Historic District.The Peter G. Van Winkle House was a historic home located in the Julia-Ann Square Historic District in Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built between about 1880 and 1899 and was a two-story duplex in the Queen Anne style. It featured a deck hipped roof with intersecting gables turrets and dormers.
 Phoxinellus dalmaticus is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Croatia.Its natural habitats are rivers and inland karsts.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Gavahnchan (Persian: گوهنچان‎ also Romanized as Gāvahnchān; also known as Gāvān Chāh Gavānchān-e Bālā Gāwanchān and Gavānchūn) is a village in Rameshk Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 122 in 30 families.
 Oreophryne pseudasplenicola is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to West Papua Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 A Tale of Two Cellos is a recording of twenty one duets for two cellos and piano (or harp) ranging from the sixteenth century Monteverdi to the twenty-first century Arvo Pärt. The recording features cellists Julian Lloyd Webber and his wife Jiaxin Cheng as well as pianist John Lenehan harpist Catrin Finch and two former BBC Young Musician of the Year winners Guy Johnston and Laura van der Heijden.It was released by Naxos Records in September 2013.
 Aatish: Feel the Fire is 1994 Hindi action movie directed by Sanjay Gupta and starring Sanjay Dutt Aditya Pancholi Karishma Kapoor and Raveena Tandon in lead roles. Other cast include Atul Agnihotri Shakti Kapoor Gulshan Grover Kader Khan Ajit Tanuja Ram Mohan Vishwajeet Pradhan Dinesh Hingoo Tiku Talsania Mushtaq Khan. The film is an unofficial remake of John Woo's A Better Tomorrow
 The Book of Lies is the first fantasy novel by Australian novelist James Moloney who has written more than thirty books most of them realistic fiction for children. Published in 2004 the fantasy novel is set in a land known as Elster and tells of the story of the main character Marcel after he wakes up in a foundling home with no memory of who he is.
 Bayırlı is a village in the District of Suluova Amasya Province Turkey.
 Bound by Fire is the debut album by Canadian humorous metal band Zimmers Hole (then spelt as Zimmer's Hole). This edition of the album may be out of print. Some copies (still sealed) surface on eBay quite often. It was later re-issued on Century Media Records with bonus tracks. Devin Townsend produced this CD underneath the alias Dr.Skinny (Also the name he uses for Punky Brüster)
 Rajan Pallan is an Indian National Congress politician from Thrissur city India. He is the fifth and the curret mayor of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.
 Subrata Mukherjee is an Indian politician and the present Minister for Public Health Engineering in the Government of West Bengal. He is also an MLA elected from the Ballygunge constituency in the West Bengal state assembly election 2011.He is also the Village Development and Panchyat Minister from 27 December 2011.
 Pupilla bigranata is a species of minute air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pupillidae.
 Arpar is a village in the Kudavasal taluk of Tiruvarur district in Tamil Nadu India.
 Faith in Me Faith in You is the seventh studio album released by American country music artist Doug Stone. It was his only album for Columbia Records after leaving Epic Records' roster in 1995. Although this album produced three singles — Sometimes I Forget the title track and Born in the Dark — none of these singles reached Top Ten on the country music charts.
 Mardock Scramble (マルドゥック・スクランブル Marudokku Sukuranburu) is the name for a series of novels by Tow Ubukata which were later adapted into a manga series and a trilogy anime film series. The story is about a girl named Rune Ballot who was taken in by a man named Shell who later tried to kill her and left her for dead. She is saved and turned into a cyborg.
 The Scoop & Behind The Screen are both collaborative detective serials written by members of the Detection Club which were broadcast weekly by their authors on the BBC National Programme in 1930 and 1931 with the scripts then being published in The Listener within a week after broadcast. The two serials were first published in book form in the UK by Victor Gollancz Ltd in 1983 and in the US by Harper & Row in 1984.
 The Bushbabies is a children's novel by Canadian author William Stevenson published in 1965. The book was inspired by Stevenson's own life in Kenya where his daughter Jackie to whom the book is dedicated kept a bushbaby named Kamau as a pet. The fictional aspects of the novel involve Jackie Rhodes and her father's African servant Tembo escaping across the wilderness from a pack of man-hunters who have been led to believe that Tembo has kidnapped Jackie.
 Perfume de Gardênia (English: Perfume of Gardenia) is a 1992 Brazilian-Argentine drama film directed by Guilherme de Almeida Prado. It was screened at the 1992 Montreal World Film Festival. The filming took place in April 1991 with its production lasting until February 1992.
 Pilichowice [pilixɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Żarnów 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Little Beaver Lakes is a lake of Inverness County in north-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Borneo Bulletin is a daily English-language newspaper in Brunei. It is published by Brunei Press which also publishes a Malay-language daily Media Permata. The Bulletin circulates around 20000 copies on weekdays and 25000 copies on Saturday and Sunday. The Borneo Bulletin is the main source of information on local regional and foreign affairs as well as business news.
 Doce de Mãe (English: Sweet Mother) is a television film and a special year-end Brazilian produced by Casa de Cinema de Porto Alegre and broadcast by Rede Globo on December 27 2012. It was written and directed by Jorge Furtado and Ana Luiza Azevedo and Fernanda Montenegro stars as Dona Picucha.
 Sari Qayah (Persian: ساري قيه‎ also Romanized as Sārī Qayah) is a village in Sain Rural District in the Central District of Sarab County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 271 in 51 families.
 Grind is the soundtrack to the 2003 skateboarding film Grind. It was released on August 12 2003 through Atlantic Records and consisted of a blend of alternative rock punk rock hip hop and reggae music.
 Bahunidanda is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2365 persons living in 401 individual households.
 Rollo and the Spirit of the Woods (also titled Rolli Finnish: Rölli ja metsänhenki) is a 2001 Finnish fantasy film directed by Olli Saarela. It is the second film based on the television series Rölli the first being Rölli – hirmuisia kertomuksia (1991).
 Daravaram is a village in Chagallu mandalam West Godavari district in Andhrapradesh state in India.
 For other men with the same name see: William Drayton (disambiguation).William Drayton (March 21 1732 – May 18 1790) was an American lawyer and jurist from South Carolina. During colonial years he served as Chief Justice of the Province of East Florida (1765-1780). He later was appointed as the first United States judge in South Carolina District Court.
 Paul Lindquist (born October 25 1964 in Stockholm) is a Swedish politician and municipal commissioner (mayor) of Lidingö since 2003. He is a Moderate Party member.Paul Lindquist has a BSc in Business Administration from Uppsala University in Sweden. He has worked for IBM (1989-1993) and telecom gigant Ericsson (1993-2002) in various marketing and management positions before being appointed mayor and chairman of the municipal executive board.
 The Adventures of Captain Underpants is an American children's novel by Dav Pilkey the first novel in the Captain Underpants series.
 Epischnia prodromella is a species of snout moths in the genus Epischnia. It was described by Hübner in 1799 and is known from North Africa and most of Europe except Fennoscandia Ireland Great Britain and the Baltic region.The wingspan is 28–35 mm.
 Popielewo [pɔpjɛˈlɛvɔ] (formerly German Gross Poplow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój within Świdwin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Połczyn-Zdrój 27 km (17 mi) east of Świdwin and 111 km (69 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 No P. or D. is the first album by German indietronica band Ms. John Soda. It was released on Morr Music in 2002.The album is listed by Pitchfork Media as the 45th top album of 2003.
 Catalogue of Works in Refutation of Methodism: from its Origin in 1729 to the Present Time (often referred to as Catalogue of Works in Refutation of Methodism) is the title of an antiquarian bibliography or catalogue first published in America in 1846 by the 19th century author Curtis H. Cavender who compiled the work under the anagrammatic pen name of H.C. Decanver.A reference work of religious criticism the Catalogue is Decanver's debut publication and his only written work.
 Dawson Building is a historic commercial building located at 1851 Purchase Street in New Bedford Massachusetts.The Classical Revival building was constructed in 1896 for Benjamin Dawson a grocer and liquor distributor. In 1923 it was purchased by the New Bedford Aeire #647 Fraternal Order of Eagles. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The building has since been converted into apartments.
 Jessheim is a city in the Ullensaker municipality in Akershus of Norway.The name Jessheim is from Norse Jasseimr or Jesseímr where the first part has unknown origin while the second part (heimr) means home. It is also possible that the first part Jess can mean jarl or jarls (earls). The name was originally used for the Hovin parish.
 Zoo Is Sad People Are Cruel is a 14 track compilation album by the Hong Kong indie pop group my little airport released in 2007 by Spain-based label Elefant Records. Nearly all the tracks are selected from the two previously released studio albums of My Little Airport except When I Listen To The Field Mice and Mountaintop Doll Lollypop (山頂公仔波板糖).
 The Barnstable County Correctional Facility is the county jail for Barnstable County. It was opened in 2004 replacing an earlier structure from the 1930s. The building also houses the Barnstable County Sheriff's Office. Sheriff James M. Cummings hired former Massachusetts 10th district congressional candidate Jeff Perry as special sheriff on 25 January 25 2011.
 View Road Hospital is located at Admiralty Road West Woodlands Singapore. It used to be a medical complex in Singapore specialising in the treatment of patients with mental illnesses. The hospital used to be a subsidiary of Woodbridge Hospital (now known as the Institute of Mental Health) and was closed down in 2001. The premises was converted into a foreign workers dormitory known as View Road Lodge.
 North Fork Elk River or North Fork Elk Creek is a 15.2-mile-long (24.5 km) tributary of the Elk River in Routt County Colorado. It flows from a source on the northeast slopes of Big Agnes Mountain in the Sawtooth Range to a confluence with the Middle Fork Elk River that forms the Elk River.
 The Front Page is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Adolphe Menjou and Pat O'Brien. Based on a Broadway play of the same name the film was produced by Howard Hughes written by Bartlett Cormack and Charles Lederer and distributed by United Artists. The supporting cast includes Mary Brian George E. Stone Matt Moore and Edward Everett Horton.
 Sac de noeuds is a 1985 French comedy film directed by Josiane Balasko and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 Pennington’s Skolly (Thestor penningtoni) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it is known from the West Cape from the Swartberg Pass along the Great Swartberg Elandsberg north of Seweweekspoort the Keeromsberg and Waboomsberg as well as the Hex River Mountains.The wingspan is 26–37 mm for males and 32–41 mm for females. Adults are on wing from late October to November. There is one generation per year.
 Shirakatsi is an impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side. It is attached to the southern exterior rim of the larger crater Perepelkin and overlies the northwestern rim of Dobrovol'skiy.This is a relatively fresh crater that has not been significantly eroded by subsequent impacts. The rim edge is well-defined and there are some terrace structures along parts of the inner wall. The interior floor is uneven particularly in the north where it is covered by a complex of ridges.
 David Henshaw (April 2 1791 – November 11 1852) was the 14th United States Secretary of the Navy.Henshaw was born in Leicester Massachusetts in 1791 and educated at Leicester Academy. Trained as a druggist he achieved notable success in that field then expanded his energies into banking transportation and politics. He was elected to the Massachusetts Senate in 1826 and served as Collector of the Port of Boston from the late 1820s until 1838.
 Barney Live! In New York City is a Barney & Friends stage show taped at Radio City Music Hall in New York City on March 6 1994 and released on video on August 26 1994. It was also the largest Barney & Friends stage show much to its size.
 Darreh Posht (Persian: دره پشت‎) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District Sangar District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 632 in 178 families.
 School of Fish is the debut album by the band of the same name. It was released in March 1991.
 David Sypolt is a Republican West Virginia state senator from the 14th District representing part or all of the following counties: Barbour County Grant County Hardy County Mineral County Monongalia County Preston County Taylor County and Tucker County. He was elected to his first term in 2006.
 Trader Hornee is a 1970 sexploitation film written and produced by David F. Friedman and directed by Jonathan Lucas. This is an adult-oriented parody of the vintage safari movie Trader Horn (1931) which was first remade in 1934. This story was filmed yet again in 1973 as Trader Horn starring Rod Taylor.In 1977 the Adult Film Association of America gave it a retroactive award of merit at its 1977 Erotica Awards as the movie considered to be the best adult film of 1966 to 1970.
 Savvy is a 2008 children's fantasy novel by Ingrid Law aimed at children aged nine to twelve years. The American Library Association named Savvy a 2009 Newbery Honor Book.Characters Mississippi Mibs - The thirteen-year old main character. Throughout the book she reminisces about her family and speculates about her own future as she feels she is on the cusp of growing up. Her savvy is to be able to read the mind of people when they have ink on their body. Fish - Fourteen years old.
 Sandrach is a 48km long river of Bavaria Germany.
 Feminist Formations is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1988 as the NWSA Journal (also known as The National Women's Studies Association Journal); the name was changed beginning with the Spring 2010 issue. It publishes interdisciplinary and multicultural feminist scholarship in women's gender and sexuality studies linking feminist theory with teaching and activism.
 The Lighthouse lizardfish (Synodus jaculum) is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Indo-Pacific.
 The Red Curtain Trilogy is the title given to the first three films directed by Baz Luhrmann: Strictly Ballroom (1992) starring Paul Mercurio and Tara Morice William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet (1996) starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes Moulin Rouge! (2001) starring Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregorThese three films were included in a Red Curtain Trilogy DVD box set released in 2002.
 The Bruhoaia River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania.
 Heta Himlen is the debut studio album release by the American electronic music artist The Jellyrox.The album's name is Swedish for Hot Heavens.
 Bryotropha montana is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in central China.
 Risk is a 2001 Australian film about insurance fraud.
 Gymnobela dubia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Daniel 'Danny' Bundy Wells (born March 15 1940 in Charleston West Virginia) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 36 since January 12 2013. Wells served consecutively from January 2005 until January 2013 in a District 30 seat.
 Le Bonheur Children's Hospital is a 255-bed tertiary care children's hospital located in Downtown Memphis Tennessee.Le Bonheur has more than 700 medical staff representing 40 pediatric specialties. Approximately 170 patients per day are admitted mostly from Tennessee and nearby states but also from around the world mainly due to its nationally recognized brain tumor program affiliation with St.
 The Light Beyond the Forest: The Quest for the Holy Grail is the second book in Rosemary Sutcliff's Arthurian trilogy. While the previous book The Sword and the Circle is a collection of Arthurian tales including the creation of the Round Table Sir Gawain and the Green Knight and Beaumains the Kitchen Knight this book focuses on the search for the Holy Grail cutting back and forth between the quests of Lancelot Bors Percival and Galahad.The trilogy continues with The Road to Camlann.
 Petit is an EP by Japanese singer-songwriter Ua released on October 21 1995. Like its lead single Petit also failed to chart on the Oricon charts. The EP was re-issued on September 22 2005.
 Jesús Murillo Karam (born March 2 1948 in Real del Monte Hidalgo) is a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He served as governor of the state of Hidalgo from 1993 to 1998.
 What the Dog Saw: And Other Adventures is the fourth book released by author Malcolm Gladwell on October 20 2009. The book is a compilation of the journalist's articles published in The New Yorker.
 Released in October 2004 Just Beyond the River is the second studio album by James Yorkston and the Athletes. The album was released on 12 vinyl and on CD initial copies of the CD came with a 3-track CD of folk standards and original compositions. The album was produced by Kieran Hebden (aka Four Tet).
 Fire It Up is a 1997 Blues album by Tinsley Ellis. It was recorded and mixed at Southern Tracks Atlanta Georgia by Caram Costanzo with Ryan Williams as assistant engineer mastered by Jason Rau and produced by Tom Dowd. Tinsley wrote or co-wrote five of the songs.
 Hyponephele neoza is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It is found in India.
 Chen Der-hwa (Chinese: 陳德華; pinyin: Chén Déhuá) is a politician in the Republic of China. He currently serves as the Political Deputy Minister of Education after his predecessor Chen I-hsing sudden resignation from his post. He was the Administrative Deputy Minister in June 2012 until October 2013.
 Tun Mohd Khalil bin Yaakob is the Yang di-Pertua Negeri (Governor) of the Malaysian state of Melaka. Khalil is a United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) politician from Pahang and served as the state's Menteri Besar for more than 10 years. He was appointed as Governor in 2004 by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong. During his term as the Yang di-Pertua Negeri (Governor) Khalid's main goal was to make Malacca a progress state.
 Kijevci is a village in the municipality of Gradiška Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The News of Cumberland County previously the Bridgeton Evening News was a daily newspaper in Cumberland County New Jersey United States. It was published from 1879 until 2012 when it merged with two other papers from the South Jersey area Today's Sunbeam and the Gloucester County Times to form the South Jersey Times.
 Silent Night Deadly Night 3: Better Watch Out! is a 1989 slasher film directed by Monte Hellman. A direct-to-video release the film is the second sequel to the 1984 film Silent Night Deadly Night and centers around the Christmas-obsessed killer Ricky Caldwell awakening from a coma and stalking a blind teenager with psychic powers while she travels to her grandmother's house for the Christmas holiday with her brother and his girlfriend.
 Acrocercops ochrocephala is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from New South Wales.
 Mathieu Lemay is a Canadian politician in Quebec who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2014 election. He represents the electoral district of Masson as a member of the Coalition Avenir Québec.
 John McGivern (born in Milwaukee Wisconsin) is an actor and writer. He has won numerous awards including Best Writer of a New Work and the After Dark Award. He also played the role of Bruce McIntosh in the Disney film The Princess Diaries and many commercials for companies such as Kohl's department store Sears and Philadelphia Cream Cheese. John is a graduate of St.
 Richard Knight Causton 1st Baron Southwark PC DL (25 September 1843 – 23 February 1929) was an English stationer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1880 and 1910. In the same year he was raised to the peerage and sat in the House of Lords.
 The Antelope Range is a mountain range in White Pine County Nevada.
 Čichalov (German: Sichlau) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 St Bartholomew's Church Church Minshull is in the village of Church Minshull Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Nantwich. Its benefice is combined with those of St Mary Acton St David Wettenhall and St Oswald Worleston.
 Welterwerk is the first full-length album by Norwegian extreme metal band Drottnar released on Endtime Productions in 2006.
 The Roya (French) Roia (Italian) or Ròia (Brigasc Occitan) is a 59 km river of France and Italy. The river rises in French territory near the Col de Tende and flows through the Mercantour National Park The river passes through the communes of Tende Saorge Breil-sur-Roya La Brigue before entering Italy in the commune of Olivetta San Michele. The remainder of its course remains within the province of Imperia and after crossing Airole the river enters the sea at Ventimiglia.
 The Sound and the Silence is a 1992 TV movie directed by John Kent Harrison starring John Bach as Alexander Graham Bell.
 Blairsville Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Blairsville Indiana County Pennsylvania. It was designed by Pittsburgh architects W.G. Wilkins & Co.. It was built in 1909 and is a T-shaped two-story three-bays wide and nine-bays deep castle-like building in the Romanesque Revival style. The front section is the flat-roofed administration building with a gable roofed drill hall behind.
 That's the Way of the World is a 1975 album by Earth Wind & Fire released on Columbia Records. It was also the soundtrack for a 1975 motion picture of the same name which featured several of the band members in cameo roles. Included on the album was the single Shining Star which was a #1 U.S. pop and R&B hit. Another popular single was the title track which reached #12 on the pop chart.
 Aniar (Irish pronunciation: [anʲiːɾˠ] meaning From the west) is a restaurant in Galway Ireland. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star for 2013 and 2014.The head chef to win the Michelin star was Enda McEvoy. He left in 2013 and Ultan Cooke took over. He retained the star for 2014.
 Moberly Correctional Center is a Missouri Department of Corrections state prison for men located in Moberly Randolph County Missouri. According to the official Official Manual State of Missouri the facility has a capacity of 1800 medium- and minimum-security prisoners. The facility opened in January 1963 built from a design by St.
 Florence Ellen Hummerston née Hayman (6 March 1889 – 31 December 1983) was an Australian politician. She was a City of Perth councillor between 1951 and 1969.
 Rupert Wilson Wigmore PC (October 5 1873 – April 3 1939) was a Canadian politician.Born in Saint John New Brunswick he was a civil engineer before being elected to the Canadian House of Commons representing St. John--Albert in the 1917 federal election. A Unionist and later Conservative he was Minister of Customs and Inland Revenue and Minister of Customs and Excise.
 The Château de Gerbéviller is a chateau in the small community of Gerbéviller in Lorraine France.The site has been occupied since at least the 12th century.
 Kogri is a village in Käina Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 The Governor Charles Croswell House is a building located at 228 North Broad Street in the city of Adrian in Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic Site on February 19 1958 and later listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 16 1972.
 Ivaj (Persian: ايوج‎ also Romanized as Īvaj) is a village in Farsesh Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 58 families.
 Dąbrowa [dɔmˈbrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Milejów-Osada 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Łęczna and 35 km (22 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 103.
 The International Journal of Private Law is a quarterly peer-reviewed law journal covering all aspects of private law including audio-visual media communication and space law. It is intended to cover the legal issues facing individuals entrepreneurs and business owners on an international scale. The editor-in-chief is Sylvia Kierkegaard. Occasionally the journal publishes special issues on important topics in private law. The journal is abstracted and indexed by Scopus.
 Goose Lake is a small lake in Anchorage in the U.S. state of Alaska located near the University of Alaska Anchorage 1.2 miles (1.9 km) South-East of confluence of North and South Forks Chester Creek and 2.8 miles (4.5 km) South-East of Anchorage Cook Inlet Low. It is a popular swimming location in summer with one of two municipal beaches and is connected to the city's extensive trail system. It is a kettle lake.
 New Geneva Historic District is a national historic district located at Nicholson Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. The district includes 29 contributing buildings and 2 contributing sites in the community of New Geneva. The oldest buildings are the late-18th century log Bothwell House and Thompson House and the stone Wilson House (c. 1800). Most of the contributing buildings were built between c.
 Broken Strings is a 1940 American film directed by Bernard B. Ray and produced by L.C. Borden.
 Mount Heha is the highest mountain in Burundi and the highest point in the Burundi Highlands mountain range. It is located in the Bujumbura Rural province of Burundi and it lies approximately 20 km to the east of Lake Tanganyika and about 30 km to the southeast of Bujumbura the capital of Burundi.
 Neithea is an extinct genus of bivalve mollusks that lived from the Early Jurassic to the early Paleocene with a worldwide distribution. Neithia sp. are inequivalve. That means that the two valves are not the same shape the right valve being strongly concave and the left valve being flattened or concave. Sculpture consist of alternating strong and weaker radiating ribs.
 The Tale of Zatoichi (Japanese: 座頭市物語 Zatōichi monogatari) directed by Kenji Misumi is the first film of a classic Japanese samurai drama saga starring Shintaro Katsu as Zatoichi a character created by Kan Shimozawa.
 The White Cloud Mountains are part of the Rocky Mountains of the western United States located in central Idaho southeast of Stanley in Custer County. The range is located within the Sawtooth National Recreation Area (SNRA) and is part of the largest unprotected roadless area in the United States outside of Alaska.
 Joseph-Couillard Lislois (January 8 1856 – February 4 1935) was a Canadian politician in the province of Quebec.Born in Montmagny Canada East the son of Charles-Couillard Lislois and Geneviève Nicol Lislois was mayor of Montmagny from 1890 to 1896 and again from 1898 to 1901. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Montmagny in 1897. He did not run in 1900 and was defeated in the 1908 election.
 The Cricketer is a monthly English cricket magazine providing articles writing and photography from international country and club cricket.The magazine was founded in 1921 by Sir Pelham Warner the ex-England captain turned cricket writer. Warner edited the magazine until 1963. Later editors included E W Swanton and Christopher Martin-Jenkins.Apart from its coverage of the contemporary game The Cricketer also contributed much to the sport's history.
 Imagine: John Lennon is a 1988 documentary film about English musician John Lennon.Imagine: John Lennon with its wealth of stock Lennon footage and self-narration proved to be a well-received film. Bridging his two musical phases together as a member of The Beatles and as a solo artist Imagine: John Lennon is a career-spanning collection of Lennon's many musical highlights.
 Some Nice Things I’ve Missed is a 1974 album by the American singer Frank Sinatra.
 Róża [ˈruʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Susiec 15 km (9 mi) west of Tomaszów Lubelski and 97 km (60 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Phandebaaz is a 1978 Bollywood action film comedy directed by Samir Ganguly.
 Cookin' up Hits is the fourth studio album by Liz Anderson.
 Saurita concisina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bryk in 1953. It is found in the Amazon region.
 The Araguá River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Murmuring the Judges is a 1998 novel by Quintin Jardine. It is the eighth of the Bob Skinner novels.
 Osawatomie State Hospital is a psychiatric hospital established in 1855. It has been named Kansas Insane Asylum and the State Insance Asylum but was officially changed to its present name in 1901.
 Stave Lake is a hydroelectric reservoir in the Stave River system located on the northern edge of the District of Mission about 65 km (40 mi) east of Vancouver British Columbia. The main arm of the lake is just over 20 km (12 mi) long and there is a southwest arm about 9.5 km (5.9 mi) long ending at Stave Falls Dam near Stave Falls. The original lake occupied about a third of the space of the main arm.
 Atlantis Found is a 1999 novel by Clive Cussler the fifteenth book in the Dirk Pitt series.
 The Gamaliel Thompson House is a former residential structure located at 101 Summit Street in the city of Hudson in westernmost Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic State on February 22 1974 and soon after listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 3 1975. It is located two blocks south of the Heman R. Goodrich House.Built in 1890–1891 by John L.
 Mount Barney is a mountain and locality within the Scenic Rim Region in south-east Queensland Australia. It lies approximately 130 kilometres south-west of Brisbane not far from the Queensland - New South Wales border and forms part of the McPherson Range. It is a popular destination for bushwalkers and campers. Mount Barney is the fifth highest mountain in Queensland and is often regarded as one of the most impressive parts of the Scenic Rim.
 Scripta Geologica is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes on vertebrate and invertebrate palaeontology palaeobotany/palynology stratigraphy petrology and mineralogy including gemmology with a focus on systematics.
 Charles Bathurst 1st Viscount Bledisloe GCMG KBE PC (21 September 1867 – 3 July 1958) was a British Conservative politician and colonial governor. He was Governor-General of New Zealand from 1930 to 1935.
 Kartoos is a 1999 film directed by Mahesh Bhatt and starring Sanjay Dutt Jackie Shroff and Manisha Koirala. It is the last release of Mahesh Bhatt as a director. The film borrows its plot idea from the 1993 film Point of No Return (film) which in turn a remake of French film Nikita where Bridget Fonda essays a role very similar to that of Sanjay Dutt.
 The Brooklyn Fire Headquarters also known as Old Brooklyn Fire Headquarters is a historic building in Brooklyn New York. Designed by Frank Freeman and built in 1892 it was used as a fire station until the 1970s after which it was converted into housing apartments. The building described as one of New York's best and most striking architectural compositions was made a New York City landmark in 1966 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Jinbē (じんべえ) is a romance manga by Mitsuru Adachi. It appeared irregularly in the manga magazine Big Comic Original from 1992 through 1997 and was collected in one tankōbon volume in May 1997. In 1998 it was adapted as an 11-episode television drama series by Fuji TV.
 The Protestant church of Dearsum or Saint Nicholas church is a religious building in Dearsum Netherlands one of medieval churches in Friesland. It is a Romanesque church from c. 1200 with a 13th-century tower build out of red brick. In the 16th century four large windows where added to the south side.
 Stickelgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Happiness Is is the sixth studio album by American rock band Taking Back Sunday released on March 18 2014 through Hopeless Records. The album produced by Marc Jacob Hudson and Mike Sapone is the second consecutive album to feature the band's revived lineup of vocalist Adam Lazzara guitarist/vocalist John Nolan guitarist Eddie Reyes bassist Shaun Cooper and drummer Mark O’Connell.
 Ramón Castilla y Marquesado (31 August 1797 – 25 May 1867) was a Peruvian caudillo and President of Peru four times. His earliest prominent appearance in Peruvian history began with his participation in a commanding role of the army of the Libertadores that helped Peru become an independent nation. Later he led the country when the economy boomed due to the exploitation of guano deposits.
 The Colour Out of Space is a short story written by American horror author H. P. Lovecraft in March 1927. In the tale an unnamed narrator pieces together the story of an area known by the locals as the blasted heath in the wild hills west of Arkham Massachusetts.
 Schistura malaisei is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 The Yàntra (Bulgarian: Янтра) is a river in northern Bulgaria a right tributary of the Danube. It is 285 km long (the third longest Bulgarian tributary of the Danube) and has a watershed of 7862 km².The Yantra has its source from the northern foot of Hadzhi Dimitar Peak in Central Stara Planina at 1340 m. In its upper course it is often called Etar (Етър) its older name.
 Los Castillos is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Mont Thabor is a mountain of Savoie and Hautes-Alpes France. It lies in the Massif des Cerces range. It has an elevation of 3178 metres above sea level.
 Music Wonderland is a compilation album by Mike Oldfield released in 1981. The album has since been reissued worldwide on CD.Another compilation released the previous year Mike Oldfield's Wonderland with a similar title has not been reissued since and this is considered as the reissue of it although it has a different track listing.
 The San Jacinto Monument is a 567.31-foot (172.92 m) high column located on the Houston Ship Channel in unincorporated Harris County Texas United States near the city of La Porte. The monument is topped with a 220-ton star that commemorates the site of the Battle of San Jacinto the decisive battle of the Texas Revolution.
 Escape Route is a 1952 British thriller film directed by Seymour Friedman and Peter Graham Scott and starring George Raft Sally Gray and Clifford Evans.
 The Hotel Alexandria is an historic building constructed as a luxury hotel at the beginning of the 20th century in what was then the heart of downtown Los Angeles. As the business center of the city moved gradually westward the hotel decayed and gradually devolved into a single room occupancy (SRO) hotel housing long-term low income residents and gained a reputation for crime and being unsafe.
 Honey Badger Don't Care is a 2011 non-fiction book by Randall that focuses on comedic descriptions of several animals. The book is based on the YouTube viral video The Crazy Nastyass Honey Badger. In addition to the honey badger the book also includes chapters on the aye-aye the Tasmanian devil the Emperor tamarin the pink fairy armadillo the tarsier the opossum the solenodon the wombat the American bullfrog and the sloth.
 Flacillula is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with five described species that occur in the Southeast Asian region. It is closely related to the genus Afraflacilla.They look flattish with a long gray body. They are often found on warm walls rocks and tree trunks.
 Gásadatjávri is a lake in Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 2.56-square-kilometre (0.99 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 500 metres (1600 ft) northeast of the large lake Iešjávri in the northwestern part of the municipality.
 Farewell is the fourth album released by the band Divinefire.
 Pale River is a river in Viljandi County Estonia.
 Montes Caucasus is a rugged range of mountains in the northeastern part of the Moon. It begins at a gap of level surface that joins the Mare Imbrium to the west with the Mare Serenitatis to the east and extends in an irregular band to the north-northeast to the western side of the prominent crater Eudoxus. The range forms the northwestern boundary of the Mare Serenitatis. It forms a continuation of the Montes Apenninus range to the southwest.
 The Soul of a Butterfly is the autobiography of Muhammad Ali born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. a former heavyweight boxer who was three times World Heavyweight Champion and has been called the greatest heavyweight from all eras.It is written in collaboration with his daughter Hana Yasmeen Ali.
 Bubblegum Lemonade and… Something for Mama is the second solo album released by Cass Elliot under the billing Mama Cass. It was recorded in 1969 and arranged and produced by Steve Barri. The album was originally released on July 5 1969 with only 11 tracks. It was released again on December 6 1969 under a new title and with a different album cover as Make Your Own Kind of Music/It’s Getting Better.
 Orthoptila abruptella is a species of moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The Verdugo River is a river in the province of Pontevedra Galicia in north-western Spain. Its source is located at 760 m in the municipality of Forcarei. The river ends in the Atlantic Ocean at Pontevedra.
 Video de Familia is an independent Cuban film made in 2001. It tells the story of a broken Cuban family with a homosexual son which has emigrated to the US. The film is composed of 5 shots of 10 minutes each in the form of Video Letters. The film has run a number of awards in Cuba.
 Schistura waltoni is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schistura.
 Ziberan (Persian: زيبران‎ also Romanized as Zīberān) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kuşluca (“(place) with birds”) a very small village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated in the high plateau of Toros Mountains at 36°52′N 34°06′E. Distance to Erdemli is 50 kilometres (31 mi) and to Mersin is 85 kilometres (53 mi). There are forests around the village and the village is named after the birdsongs from the forest. Up to 2005 Kuşluca was a hemlet. It still has a very low population. The settled (winter) population of Toros was only 34 as of 2012.
 Jerry Franklin is the President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of CPBI which includes CPTV and WNPR in Hartford Connecticut.
 The Hercules Pavilion (Danish: Herkulespavillonen) is a pavilion located in Rosenborg Castle Gardens in central Copenhagen Denmark. Its history dates back to the foundation of the park in 1606 but it was adapted to its current Neoclassical style by Caspar Frederik Harsdorff in 1773 after the gardens had been opened to the public. The pavilion takes its name from a statue of Hercules positioned in a deep niche in its facade.
 The Paisano is the independent student-run newspaper of the University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA). It was established in 1981 and publishes 7000 copies weekly. Paisano is a Spanish and Italian word for fellow countryman.The newspaper is published once a week except during exam and holiday periods.
 Faxe Church (Danish: Faxe Kirke) is a Danish church located in the Diocese of Roskilde in Faxe Region Sjælland on the island of Zealand. It was built at the end of the 15th century on a site where there had originally been a Romanesque church. A number of frescos probably painted by artists from the Brarup workshop have been uncovered on the cross vaults most recently above the organ.
 Taha Carım was a Turkish diplomat who held several high-ranking posts in Turkish foreign service and was assassinated by Armenian gunmen from Justice Commandos of the Armenian Genocide.
 Ausland is a village in Aust-Agder Norway.
 Naku Penta Naku Taka is an upcoming Malayalam-language Indian film directed by Vayalar Madhavan Kutty and produced by Gokulam Gopalan starring Indrajith Sukumaran Bhama Murali Gopy and veteran actor Shankar.
 Von Richthofen and Brown (1971) also known as The Red Baron is a film directed by Roger Corman and starring John Phillip Law and Don Stroud as the titular characters.Although the names of real people are used the story by Joyce Hooper Corrington and John William Corrington is essentially fictionalised.
 Ghost Voyage is a 2008 horror television film produced for broadcast on the Sci Fi Channel in the United States. Its cast includes Antonio Sabato Jr. Deanna Russo P.J. Marino and Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa. The story contains many elements of an updated Outward Bound and Between Two Worlds.
 Zweiohrküken (lit. Two-eared chick English title: Rabbit Without Ears 2) is a 2009 German romantic comedy film written produced and directed by Til Schweiger. A sequel to 2007's Keinohrhasen (Rabbit Without Ears) it was co-written by Anika Decker and Schweiger starring Schweiger and Nora Tschirner as former yellow press reporter Ludo and his girlfriend Anna.Produced by Barefoot Films and Warner Bros. the film premiered in theaters across Germany and Austria on December 3 2009.
 Hate It or Love It is the fourth studio album by the rapper Chingy released on December 18 2007. It is his second album with the Disturbing tha Peace label.It was released in the US in a regular edition as well as a rare limited edition with a bonus DVD containing interviews live footage and the making-of video for Fly Like Me. The album was released in Japan (limited - not on amazon.com or amazon.co.uk) with two bonus tracks Ain't No Way and Remember When.
 Music from Here is an album of instrumental rock music by Ronnie Montrose.
 The Pârâul Popii River is a tributary of the Patacu River in Romania.
 Jumping Lake is a lake a short distance south of Birch Hills Saskatchewan Canada. It is a small freshwater lake popular locally for migratory bird hunting and fishing. In addition to being a stopping point for migrating geese and ducks the lake is home to a population of walleye which occasionally suffer from winterkill. In the mid decades of the twentieth century a beach and recreational facilities existed at the lake frequented by area locals but these have since been abandoned.
 One City Centre is a 410 ft (125 m) tall skyscraper in Houston Texas USA made from glass steel and concrete It was completed in 1960. It has 32 floors and is the 41st tallest building in the city. Originally called the First City National Bank Building One City Centre is the first high modern office building built in downtown Houston.
 Pure Prairie League is the self-titled debut album by American country rock band Pure Prairie League released in 1972 (see 1972 in music).
 Epworth Hall is a historic building in Gainesville Florida United States. It is notable as one of the oldest surviving buildings associated with the University of Florida though it is no longer part of the university's campus. It was erected in 1884 and is located at 419 Northeast 1st Street in downtown Gainesville. Now part of the First United Methodist Church it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on July 25 1973.
 La Doctora quiere tangos is a 1949 Argentine film.
 Bienotheroides is a genus of tritylodont therapsids from the Jurassic of China and Mongolia. The genus contains four species primarily known from cranial remains. Along with some fellow tritylodonts Bienotheroides is one of only a few non-mammalian synapsids to survive the Triassic-Jurassic extinction event.
 Inside Story is the debut album by actress-singer Lalaine. The album received a very limited release and did not appear on any major music charts.
 The Sperchios Barbel (Barbus sperchiensis) is a disputed species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.It is often included in B. cyclolepis.
 Delightfully Dangerous is a 1945 American musical film directed by Arthur Lubin showcasing teenage singer Jane Powell—in her second film on loan out to United Artists from MGM—and orchestra leader Morton Gould. The working titles of this film were Cinderella Goes to War Reaching for the Stars and High Among the Stars. It was Frank Tashlin's first writing credit on a live action feature film.
 Deh Shaib-e Olya (Persian: ده شيب عليا‎ also Romanized as Deh Sha‘īb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Deh Sha‘īb-e Bālā) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 27 families.
 The Anglo-Celt is a weekly local newspaper published every Thursday in Swellan Cavan Ireland founded in 1846. It exclusively contains local news about Cavan and surroundings. The news coverage of the paper is mainly based on the paper's local county of Cavan. Over the years it has fended off competition from papers like the Cavan Post and The Cavan Voice.According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations it had an average weekly circulation of 18000 during the first six months of 2007.
 James E. Keller is a native of Harlan Kentucky United States. He received his undergraduate degree from Eastern Kentucky University. In 1966 he graduated from the University of Kentucky College of Law before entering into private practice from 1969 until 1976.He was elected to serve as a circuit court judge in Fayette County where he served as chief judge for more than twenty years. In 1999 Keller was appointed to the Kentucky Supreme Court.
 Hatcher Pass (3886 ft./1148 m.) is a mountain pass through the southwest part of the Talkeetna Mountains Alaska. It is named after Robert Hatcher a prospector and miner. The nearest incorporated communities are Palmer and Wasilla approximately 12 miles (19 km) to the south and Willow approximately 26 miles (42 km) to the west. The communities are at an elevation of approximately 250 feet (76 m) in the Mat-Su valley.
 Lake Roy is a natural freshwater lake inside the city of Winter Haven Florida. It has a 74.17-acre (300200 m2) surface area and is located on the south side of Cypress Gardens Boulevard. The lake once had a larger surface area but when Cypress Gardens Boulevard was upgraded it ran over some of the northern part of Lake Roy; this part had been filled so the road could be rerouted.
 Foundations of the Science of Knowledge (German: Grundlage der gesamten Wissenschaftslehre) is a 1794 book by the German philosopher Johann Gottlieb Fichte. Based on lectures Fichte had delivered as a Professor of Philosophy in Jena it was later reworked in various versions. The standard Wissenschaftslehre was published in 1804 but other versions appeared posthumously.
 Brintesia is a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae subfamily Satyrinae.This genus described by Hans Fruhstorfer in 1911 has only one species:Brintesia circe (Fabricius 1775) common name: the Great Banded Grayling
 Claude L'Écuyer (born January 26 1947 in Saint-Hyacinthe Quebec) is a politician from Quebec Canada. He was an Action démocratique du Québec Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Saint-Hyacinthe from 2007 to 2008.L'Ecuyer holds a degree in law from the Université de Montréal and is a member of the Barreau du Québec and the Canadian Bar since 1973. He practiced law for nearly 35 years before jumping to provincial politics.
 Do or Die is a 1991 action film starring Cynthia Brimhall Pat Morita and Erik Estrada. It was directed written and produced by Andy Sidaris.
 Norstrilia is the only novel published by Paul Linebarger under the pseudonym Cordwainer Smith which he used for his science-fiction works (though several related short stories were once packaged together as a short novel Quest of the Three Worlds). It takes place in Smith's Instrumentality of Mankind universe and was heavily influenced by the classic Chinese novel Journey to the West.
 Dumara is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3948 people living in 575 individual households.
 Saade Vol. 1 is the second studio album from Swedish singer Eric Saade. It was first released on 29 June 2011 in Sweden and Norway.
 Szczawinek [ʂt͡ʂaˈvinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny within Gostynin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The James Nathanial Burwell House also known as Yellow House Farm was built about 1842 near Ridgeway West Virginia. The house is a late example of the Federal Style with some Greek Revival features unique in Berkeley County.The brick house is L-shaped in plan with a five bay front elevation. A small porch features chamfered columns with a Greek Revival character.
 The Loa River (Spanish: Río Loa) is a U-shaped river in Chile's northern Antofagasta Region. At 440 km long it is the country's longest river and the main watercourse in the Atacama Desert.
 Santuario de Tres Pozos is a rural municipality and village in Jujuy Province in Argentina.
 Henryk Floyar-Rajchman (December 7 1893 - March 22 1951) was a Polish statesman and a founding member of the Józef Piłsudski Institute of America for Research in the Modern History of Poland created in New York City in July 1943.
 Tomarps Kungsgård Castle (Swedish: Tomarps kungsgård) is a castle in Åstorp Municipality Scania in southern Sweden. Probably erected as a Renaissance building in the mid-16th century composed of four two story high wings with brick roof surrounded by a narrow (7*9 meter) rectangular yard. The central part of the north wing contains the remains of a building from the Middle Ages. In the south-east corner of the yard there was a tower until the late 18th century.
 Nameless Cults: The Cthulhu Mythos Fiction of Robert E. Howard is a collection of Cthulhu Mythos short stories by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in the US in 2001 by Chaosium Press. All of these stories had been published previously between 1929 and 1985 in Weird Tales From Beyond the Dark Gateway Strange Tales Weirdbook Fantasy Crosswinds Coven Fantasy Book Dark Things and The Fantasy Magazine.The collection includes an introduction by Robert M.
 The Essex Town Hall and TOHP Burnham Library is an exuberant Shingle Style building at 30 Martin Street in Essex Massachusetts in the United States. Containing town offices a public library and an auditorium it was built in 1893-94 and its architect was Frank W. Weston of Boston and Malden Massachusetts.The new building was described in the March 1894 issue of The Library Journal:Essex (Mass.) P[ublic].
 Abatus cavernosus is a species of sea urchin of the family Schizasteridae. Their armour is covered with spines. It came from the genus Abatus and lives in the sea. Abatus cavernosus was first scientifically described in 1845 by Philippi.
 Elisha Benjamin Andrews (January 10 1844 – October 30 1917) was an American economist and educator.
 Gangs of New York is a 2002 American epic historical drama film set in the mid-19th century in the Five Points district of Lower Manhattan. The film was directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Jay Cocks Steven Zaillian and Kenneth Lonergan inspired by Herbert Asbury's 1928 non-fiction book The Gangs of New York.
 Gleierbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Saint Francis de Sales Roman Catholic Church is located at 407 Northland Ave in Buffalo New York. The Italian Romanesque Revival style church previously served as a parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo. The church was closed by the Roman Catholic Diocese in 1993. The church is a Buffalo landmark.
 The Times-News is the daily newspaper for Hendersonville North Carolina and its surrounding area. It has served Henderson Transylvania and Polk counties in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Western North Carolina since 1881. In December 1985 it became an A.M. paper and added a Sunday edition. With a daily circulation of approximately 15000 the Times-News averages about 40000 readers per day.
 Parachaetolopha turbinata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 Not Quite Dead is an underground comic book series by Gilbert Shelton and the French cartoonist Pic published in France by the magazine Flag and in the U.S. by Rip Off Press. The title is the name of a fictional band.
 King of the Jews is a book by Nick Tosches.
 Man of the Moment is a 1955 comedy film starring Norman Wisdom Belinda Lee Lana Morris and Jerry Desmonde.
 Playlist: The Very Best of Sir Mix-a-Lot is a compilation album of songs from the Seattle based hip-hop artist Sir Mix-a-Lot released as part of the Playlist series issued by Sony BMG in 2009.Allmusic critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine praised the album as a solid overview of Sir Mix-a-Lot's songs and he added that he thought it serves as both a sampler and introduction.
 The European version of Planet Tedward is a compilation album by Irish pop duo Jedward. The album was released on 15 July 2011 and is a compilation of tracks from the duo's first two albums Planet Jedward and Victory.
 The Samuel Green House at 264 E. Two Hundred S. in Pleasant Grove Utah was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.It is a two-story soft-rock vernacular house with a hall-parlor plan and a gable roof from c.1870. It has a front porch that was added on in 1985.
 Sophie and Peter Johnston is the eponymous 1986 first album from the duo of the same name.
 The Irony of Fate 2 or The Irony of Fate: Continuation (Russian: Ирония Судьбы. Продолжение; Ironiya sud’by. Prodolzheniye) is a 2007 Russian romantic comedy film directed by Timur Bekmambetov based on a screenplay by Alexey Slapovskiy produced by Channel One and released by Mosfilm.
 The Fuller House is a historic house on Parker Road in Barnstable Massachusetts. The 1-1/2 story three-bay Cape style house was built c. 1800. Its entry is flanked by pilasters and topped by a transom window typical Federal style features. The property includes a barn of approximately the same age.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Pousse au crime et Longueurs de temps (which translates to crime incitation and lengths of time) is an Album by French Punk Band Dirty District. The album had a variety of styles including Ska Reggae and an early attempt at Rap Metal. The album was heavily delayed as the songs were recorded in February 1989 and the album was released in 1990. The CD came with short explanations (written in French) and the lyrics for each song.
 The Man Who Could Not Shudder first published in 1940 is a detective story by John Dickson Carr featuring his series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a locked room mystery (or more properly a subset of the locked room mystery called an impossible crime story).
 Shattered Mirror is a vampire novel written by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes published in 2001 when the author was 17. W. B. Yeats’ poem The Two Trees which references broken glass appears in the beginning of the book and is the inspiration for the title. The main theme of the book is that the perceived heroes can sometimes be evil in their actions and the villains can sometime have good sides.
 Autumn in New York is an album recorded in 1954 by the jazz guitarist Tal Farlow. It was one of his earliest for Verve Records and is of a generally relaxed style with only the final track Cherokee being a little more up-tempo.
 Crossover Dreams is a 1985 film. The film follows singer Rudy Veloz (played by Ruben Blades) on his rise to fame.The film has moments of pathos but it is anything but melancholy. Its heart has the ebullient salsa beat. Like Rudy Veloz it appreciates the irony of the sometimes humiliating situations he lands in but it never looks back in sorrow or defeat...
 A Monkey's Tale (French: Le Château des singes; literally The Castle of Monkeys) is a feature-length French animated film directed by Jean-François Laguionie. It was released in 1999 and won the Award for Best Animated Feature Film at the 5th Kecskemét Animation Film Festival. It has never been released on American video or DVD although it has been available in the UK.
 Edward William Fitzalan-Howard 18th Duke of Norfolk DL (born 2 December 1956) styled Earl of Arundel between 1975 and 2002 is a British peer.
 Mash Confusion is the debut album by American rap group A-1 released August 24 1999 on Sick Wid It and Jive Records. A-1 is composed of Big Bone and D-Day. The album features production by Bosko K-Lou Sam Bostic Studio Ton and Tone Capone.
 The Commissioner is a 1998 Belgian-German drama film directed by George Sluizer and written by Christina Kallas. It was entered into the 48th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Acropora rongelapensis is a species of branching scleractinian coral. It is only known from the lagoon of Rongelap Atoll in the Marshall Islands Pacific Ocean.This coral forms colonies up to 20 cm across with main branches up to 10 cm long. It is pale brown in colour but appears white in strong light due to the dense skeleton. The main distinguishing feature from its congeners is the laterally flattened branches. It occurs at depths of 28-32 m.
 I milanesi ammazzano il sabato (14 ricette di quotidiana macabra felicità) is a studio album by Italian Alternative Rock band Afterhours published May 2 2008 from Universal Music. On October 24 2008 is also published in the reissue of the disc with a CD that includes six additional tracks and two unreleased live version: Due di Noi and You know you're right (Nirvana cover).The title is inspired by the famous noir novel by Giorgio Scerbanenco: I milanesi ammazzano al sabato.
 After School Nightmare (放課後保健室 Hōkago Hokenshitsu literally After School Infirmary) is a shōjo fantasy manga by Setona Mizushiro. It was serialized from 2004 to 2007 in the manga magazine Princess and collected in ten tankōbon volumes. It is licensed in North America by Go! Comi with all volumes adapted by Mallory Reaves and edited by Brynne Chandler.
 Bovichtus is a genus of thornfishes.
 Mercy Chapel at Mill Run is an historic Carpenter Gothic-style church located at Selbysport Garrett County Maryland. It is a one story one room frame structure built on an octagonal plan above a coursed stone foundation. The interior of the chapel is a fine example of local craftsmanship and is virtually unchanged since the 1870s. Two small graveyard plots lie adjacent to the chapel.
 Theekkathir is a Tamil newspaper and the organ of the Tamil Nadu State Committee of the Communist Party of India (Marxist). Theekkathir published from Madurai Chennai Coimbatore and Tiruchirappalli.
 Higher is a 2002 English language album by Canadian singer Roch Voisine.
 Weihung is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Kobyle [kɔˈbɨlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frysztak within Strzyżów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Frysztak 12 km (7 mi) west of Strzyżów and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Pyromania is the third studio album by English rock band Def Leppard released on 20 January 1983. It featured new guitarist Phil Collen and was produced by Robert John Mutt Lange. The album was a huge success charting at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 and No. 18 on the UK Albums Chart and selling over ten million copies in the US and thus being certified diamond by the RIAA.
 The Troubled Month of Veresen is a 1976 Ukrainian drama. The film which was produced at the Dovzhenko Film Studios.
 Leviathan is American writer Paul Auster’s seventh novel published by Viking Press in 1992. The novel follows the life and crimes of a man who decides to take action over words to deliver his message to the world as told by his estranged best friend.
 Chaim Deutsch is a Democratic City Council member in New York City. He was elected to the 48th Council District in Brooklyn New York on November 5 2013 Deutsch defeating Republican David Storobin. The 48th District includes Brighton Beach Manhattan Beach Sheepshead Bay Homecrest and Midwood.He succeeded Democrat Mike Nelson on the city council.
 Lunn-Musser Octagon Barn is a historic barn in Garrattsville New York.It was built in 1885 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Somersault is an Australian independent film written and directed by Cate Shortland and released in September 2004. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 King Solomon's Treasure is a 1979 British-Canadian low-budget film based on the novel King Solomon's Mines by H. Rider Haggard. It stars John Colicos as Allan Quatermain as well as David McCallum Britt Ekland and Patrick Macnee who replaced Terry-Thomas.TV Guide had this to say about the film: The cast of seasoned veterans (McCallum Macnee Ekland) contribute embarrassingly bad performances.
 Creek National Capitol also known as Creek Council House is a building in downtown Okmulgee Oklahoma. It was capitol of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation nation from 1878 to 1907 when Oklahoma became a state. In 1919 the U.S.
 Tobacco (Bulgarian: Тютюн translit. Tyutyun) is a 1962 Bulgarian drama film directed by Nikola Korabov. It was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.The film was based on Dimitar Dimov's best-selling novel Tobacco.
 Międzylesie [mjɛnd͡zɨˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno within Oborniki County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Rogoźno 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Oborniki and 37 km (23 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 122.
 Mahmud Aghli (Persian: محموداغلي‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūd Āghlī; also known as Maḩmūd Āghol) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 17 families.
 Zakrzewo [zaˈkʂɛvɔ] (German: Schöngau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Babiak 19 km (12 mi) north of Koło and 117 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 224.
 Palleopa innotata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is known from Australia including Tasmania.The wingspan is about 60 mm. Adults have streaky brown forewings and pale hindwings.The larvae feed on the foliage of Eucalyptus species. Young larvae are brown on top and off-white underneath. They have a greenish dorsal stripe. Older instars are reddish-brown with some black and white spots along the sides.
 Council Grove Historic District is a National Historic Landmark (NHL) located in Morris County Kansas. The site was named for the occasion of an 1825 treaty negotiation between the Osage Indians and the US Federal government which guaranteed the Santa Fe caravans safe passage through Osage territory.
 The Wakefield Rattan Company was the world's leading manufacturer of furniture and objects made from rattan in the second half of the 19th century. Founded by Cyrus Wakefield in 1851 in South Reading Massachusetts (now Wakefield) the company perfected machinery for working with rattan developing looms for weaving chair seats and mats. The company's products also included wicker furniture and baby carriages.
 Cholesbury Camp is a large and well-preserved Iron Age hill fort on the northern edge of the village of Cholesbury in Buckinghamshire England. It is roughly oval-shaped covers an area including ramparts of 15 acres (6.1 ha) and measures approximately 310 m (1020 ft) north-east to south-west by 230 m (750 ft) north-west to south-east. The interior is a fairly level plateau and has been used as farmland since the medieval period.
 The Geelong Art Gallery is a major regional gallery in the city of Geelong in Victoria Australia. The gallery has approximately 4000 works of art in its collection. The gallery forms Geelong's Arts Precinct with the adjacent Geelong Performing Arts Centre Geelong Heritage Centre Geelong Courthouse centre and the Geelong Library.
 Chotala is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum Tehsil and is located at 32°49'0N 73°35'0E with an altitude of 214 metres (705 feet).
 Nur Hassan Wirajuda (born July 9 1948 in Tangerang Banten) is an Indonesian politician who was the foreign minister of Indonesia from 2001 to 2009. He served during the presidencies of Megawati Sukarnoputri and Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
 Po-i-Kalyan or Poi Kalyan (Uzbek: Poi Kalon Persian: پای کلان‎ Pā-i Kalān which means The Foot of the Great) is an architectural complex located at the foot of the great Kalyan minaret in Bukhara Uzbekistan.
 The Electric River is a river of Fiordland New Zealand. It arises around Lake Jaquiery in the Kaherekoau Mountains and flows eastward into Lake Monowai at June Bay.
 Młynary [mwɨˈnarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Margonin within Chodzież County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Margonin 14 km (9 mi) east of Chodzież and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Sinnissippi Mounds are a Havana Hopewell culture burial mound grouping located in the city of Sterling Illinois United States.
 Unite is the debut album of the Danish indie pop band A Friend in London. It was released on January 21 2013 on ArtPeople record label and includes New Tomorrow their Danish Eurovision Song Contest 2011 entry that finished fifth in that year's competition. The album also includes a collaboration with Carly Rae Jepsen who is featured in the track Rest from the Streets.
 Partners in Crime is an album by Rupert Holmes includes the hits Him and Escape (The Piña Colada Song) the latter of which was the Billboard #1 hit of December 1979 and January 1980; it was the only single to hold the #1 position in both years and in different decades. The album itself reached #33 on the Billboard Album Charts. Also although Escape (The Piña Colada Song) was released as a single on Infinity Records Him was released on MCA Records.
 Knower House is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. It was built about 1800 and is a two story frame house in the Georgian Colonial style. It features a central entrance and second story Palladian window. While occupied by Benjamin Knower future New York Governor William L. Marcy married Cornelia Knower at the house in 1824.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Ulysses S. Grant (born Hiram Ulysses Grant; April 27 1822 – July 23 1885) was the 18th president of the United States (1869–1877) following his success as military commander in the American Civil War. Under Grant the Union Army defeated the Confederate military; the war and secession ended with the surrender of Robert E. Lee's army at Appomattox Court House.
 The Fir-Tree (Danish: Grantræet) is a literary fairy tale by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen (1805–1875). The tale is about a fir tree so anxious to grow up so anxious for greater things that he cannot appreciate living in the moment. The tale was first published 21 December 1844 with The Snow Queen in Copenhagen Denmark by C.A. Reitzel. One scholar indicates that The Fir-Tree was the first of Andersen's fairy tales to express a deep pessimism.
 For the 1933 UK comedy film see The Medicine Man (1933 film).The Medicine Man (1930) is an American comedy film directed by Scott Pembroke released by Tiffany Joyce and starring Shane Johnsen Betty Bronson and Eva Novak. The son and daughter of a shopkeeper fall in with a travelling medicine man. This was an early role for Jack Benny. After talking pictures took over the silent film vaudeville died and Jack Benny and many other comedians went to motion pictures.
 To Win or To Lose is the second studio album by The Pine Hill Haints.
 Bapir-e Jafar Qoli (Persian: باپيرجعفرقلي‎ also Romanized as Bāpīr-e Ja‘far Qolī) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District in the Central District of Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 16 families.
 Fatty's Magic Pants is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle. The film is also known as Fatty's Suitless Day.
 Ceratrichia wollastoni is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Republic of Congo the Democratic Republic of Congo Uganda western Kenya and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
 The University Register (UR) is the official campus newspaper of the University of Minnesota Morris and is published weekly during the academic year. It primarily serves the University of Minnesota Morris campus and the greater Morris community. The paper is entirely student-run operating out of the basement of the school's Multi-Ethnic Resource Center and distributes over 1500 copies to the campus every Thursday afternoon.
 Fresvik Church (Norwegian: Fresvik kyrkje) is a parish church in Vik Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Fresvik along the southern shore of the Sognefjorden. The church is part of the Fresvik parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has 200 seats was consecrated on 29 June 1881 by the local Dean Jacob Edward Smith. The architect Johannes Henrik Nissen made the designs for the building.
 Restaurant 't Misverstant is a restaurant located in Den Bosch Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1984-1995.Gault Millau awarded the restaurant 14 out of 20 points.The star was gained under the leadership of head chef Alexander Koene He voluntarily gave up the Michelin star due to the immense pressure related to it.
 Sankham is a Telugu feature film starring Gopichand Trisha Krishnan Sathyaraj amongst others directed by Siva. Produced by J Bhagavan J Pulla Rao and music composed by Taman. It was an average grosser in 2009.The film was dubbed in Hindi as Phir Ek Most Wanted and in Tamil as Sivappu Saamy.
 Carroll Park Methodist Episcopal Church is a former Methodist church in Brooklyn New York formerly located at 295 Carroll Street Carroll Gardens Brooklyn New York City. The Victorian Gothic edifice was erected c.1890 and located within the Carroll Gardens historic district. It was reused as Norwegian Methodist Episcopal Church reflecting the large Scandinavian population in Brooklyn between the 1890s and 1949.
 War/Dance is a 2007 American documentary film written and directed by Sean Fine and Andrea Nix Fine and produced by Shine Global's Susan MacLaury a professor at Kean University and Albie Hecht. It was nominated for the 2008 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature and received the Emmy Award for Best Documentary and Best Cinematography in 2010.
 Rąkczyn [ˈrɔŋkt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Poddębice and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Letters in the Wind (Persian: Namehay Bad‎) is a critically acclaimed Iranian film of 2002. It was the directorial debut of Ali Reza-Amini.
 All I Really Want to Do is the debut solo album by American singer and actress Cher and was released on October 16 1965 by Imperial Records. The album was produced for Cher by her husband and singing partner Sonny Bono with contributions from arranger Harold Battiste. The album is by-and-large a collection of cover versions but does contain three songs written by Bono. Upon its release the album was well received by critics and garnered positive reviews.
 The Clancy's Rustic (Caradrina kadenii) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It originates from Southern and Central Europe but has gradually extended its range to the North.The wingspan is ca. 30 mm. The length of the forewings is 12–15 mm. The moth flies from May to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on various low-growing herbaceous plants.
 Clitaetra is the least known of the four currently recognised nephilid spider genera. It occurs in Africa Madagascar and Sri Lanka hinting to a Gondwanan origin. The split between Clitaetra and other nephilids may be as old as 160 million years.The smallest species (C. thisbe) reaches 3.5 mm in female length the biggest species can be as long as one centimeter.
 Garfinckel's Department Store is an eight-story department store building erected at the northwest corner of 14th and F Streets across from the Willard Hotel which is one block from the Treasury Department and less than two blocks from the White House.
 The River Daugava or Western Dvina is a river rising in the Valdai Hills Russia flowing through Russia Belarus and Latvia draining into the Gulf of Riga in Latvia an arm of the Baltic Sea. The total length of the river is 1020 km (630 mi): 325 km (202 mi) in Russia 338 km (210 mi) in Belarus and 352 km (219 mi) in Latvia. In the 19th century it was connected by a canal to the Berezina and Dnieper rivers (the canal is currently not functioning).
 St. Aloysius Chapel (Italian: Cappella di San Luigi Portuguese: São Luís Capela) or the chapel of St. Aloysius College is a Christian chapel in Mangalore in the state of Karnataka in southwest India. The Chapel is situated in the heart of the city on the Lighthouse Hill.
 Hylemera is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.Type species: Hylemera tenuis Butler 1878
 The Mindanao Miniature Babbler (Micromacronus sordidus) is a bird species in the family Timaliidae. It was formerly included in M. leytensis as a subspecies is now usually held to be a distinct species M. sordidus.M. sordidus is endemic to the Philippines. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. Its status is insufficiently known.
 The Auberge d'Aragon (Maltese: Berġa ta' Aragona) is one of the auberges built in Birgu Malta for the langues of the knights of the Order of Saint John. It housed the langue of Aragon until the building of a larger Auberge d'Aragon in Valletta in the 1570s. The building was next to Auberge d'Auvergne et Provence and Auberge de France and together these Auberges formed a compact block.
 Humppa United is a 2008 album by the Finnish group Eläkeläiset. It consists of humppa cover versions of (relatively) popular songs.
 Dardanelles is the debut EP by Melbourne based Indie rock band Dardanelles released in November 2004.
 Hyde Park is a village in the town of Hyde Park Lamoille County Vermont United States. The population was 415 at the 2000 census.
 Palo Verde Hospital is an acute care hospital located in Blythe California.
 Carnival Boy is debut album solo by Guided by Voices member Tobin Sprout released in 1996.
 Fourth Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at 318 W. St. Catherine Street in Louisville Kentucky.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 The Wailin' Jennys EP was the debut release from the eponymous Canadian folk trio. The lineup of the group at the time was Ruth Moody Nicky Mehta and Cara Luft; Luft has since left the group being replaced first by Annabelle Chvostek and later by Heather Masse.
 The New Archaeological Museum of Patras is located in the city of Patras Greece. It opened on July 24 2009. The construction plans for the museum were initially announced by the then Minister of Culture Melina Mercouri. However the construction plans did not materialise until 2004.Built on a 28000-square-metre (300000 sq ft) plot of land with 8000 square metres of interior spaces it is the second-largest museum of Greece.
 The Râul Vacii is a tributary of the Rezu Mare River in Romania.
 Prethopalpus is a spider genus known as Goblin Spiders and are found in the Australasian tropics including Nepal India Indonesia Papua New Guinea and Australia. Three species are widely distributed whereas the majority of species are recorded a single localities. Of the 41 species 14 blind troglobite species live in subterranean eceosystems in Western Australia.
 Midnight at Madame Tussaud's is a 1936 British thriller film directed by George Pearson and starring Lucille Lisle James Carew and Charles Oliver. A daring explorer bets his friends he can spend a night in Madame Tussaud's chamber of horrors. Meanwhile on the outside his young female ward is in danger from an unscrupulous gang.
 Parcele Sokołowskie [parˈt͡sɛlɛ sɔkɔˈwɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Bharya is a 1962 Malayalam language film starring Sathyan and Ragini in the lead roles. It was directed by Kunchacko based on a novel with the same title by Kanam EJ.The novel was based on the controversial Thiruvalla Ammalu murder case. Ponkunnam Varkey wrote the dialogues which became a cult favourite among family audiences and was subsequently released along with the soundtrack album.
 The Very Best Of Cilla Black is a compilation album by Cilla Black to be released in October 2013 by Parlophone UK to mark her Golden Anniversary in showbusiness.
 Rhodothemis is a genus of dragonflies in the family Libellulidae. The species occur from India through south-east Asia to Australia.The genus contains the following species:Rhodothemis flavostigma Navás 1932Rhodothemis lieftincki Fraser 1954 - Red ArrowRhodothemis mauritsi Lohmann 1984Rhodothemis nigripes Lohmann 1984Rhodothemis rufa (Rambur 1842)↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑
 Reds is a 1981 epic film that was co-written produced and directed by Warren Beatty. The picture centers on the life and career of John Reed the journalist and writer who chronicled the Russian Revolution in his book Ten Days that Shook the World.
 Louis Julien Demers (December 9 1848 – April 29 1905) was a merchant and political figure in Quebec. He represented Lévis in the Canadian House of Commons from 1899 to 1905 as a Liberal.He was born in St-Romuald Canada East the son of Benjamin Demers and Felicite Carrier and was educated at the Collège de Lévis. In 1883 he married Elmina Giroux. Demers was first elected to the House of Commons in an 1899 by-election held after the death of Pierre Malcom Guay.
 The Journal of the Operational Research Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering operations research. It is an official journal of The Operational Research Society and has been in existence since 1950. It publishes full length case-orientated papers full length theoretical papers technical notes discussions (viewpoints) and book reviews.
 Mama Uqllu (hispanicized spelling Mama Occllo Mama Ocllo) also Puntiagudo (Spanish for sharp pointed) is a mountain in the Bolivian Andes about 5281 metres (17326 ft) high. It lies in the northern part of the Kimsa Cruz mountain range between the Calzonani in the north west and the Yaypuri in the south east. It is situated in the La Paz Department Inquisivi Province Quime Municipality north of the village Viloco.
 Copenhagen is a play by Michael Frayn based around an event that occurred in Copenhagen in 1941 a meeting between the physicists Niels Bohr and Werner Heisenberg. It premiered in London in 1998 at the National Theatre running for more than 300 performances starring David Burke (Niels Bohr) Sara Kestelman (Margrethe Bohr) and Matthew Marsh (Werner Heisenberg).It opened on Broadway at the Royale Theatre on 11 April 2000 and ran for 326 performances.
 Real Gone Cat is a 2006 film directed by Robert Sucato and starring Dennis Rowland and Scott Hopkins. The film was an official selection of both the Sedona Film Festival and the Phoenix Film Festival. Hopkins wrote and starred in the film with Rowland.
 The Princeton Packet is a semi-weekly newspaper serving the Princeton New Jersey area. The company traces its lineage to 1786. The Princeton Packet Inc. is the publisher of 12 community newspapers a weekly arts and entertainment supplement a monthly magazine and a series of local-news-based websites.
 Icon II: Rubicon is a studio album recorded by Asia band members John Wetton and Geoffrey Downes and is second in the Icon franchise. At the point of the album's release both Wetton and Downes were members of Asia following a reunion of the band's founding members earlier in 2006.
 Call Out the Marines is a 1941 military comedy released by RKO in February 1942. It stars Victor McLaglen and Edmund Lowe playing the same characters with different names that they played in What Price Glory? and several sequels; however the original film trailer mentions What Price Glory? and The Cock-Eyed World. The film features extensive stock footage from RKO's Soldiers of the Sea that in some cases appear on process screens that the actors stand in front of.
 Sheila Colleen Bair (born April 3 1954) served as the 19th Chairperson of the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). She was appointed to the post for a five-year term on June 26 2006 by George W. Bush. Bair served as a member of the FDIC Board of Directors through July 8 2011.
 The Far Call is a 1929 American lost film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Charles Morton and Leila Hyams. Produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation The Far Call is a late silent film with Fox's Movietone sound on film system containing music and sound effects.
 The Metamora Crossroads Historic District is a historic district centered at the intersection of Oak and High Street in the small village of Metamora in Metamora Township in Lapeer County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic Site and also added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 19 1984.The historic district comprises 3.5 acres (1.4 hectares) and 15 buildings and one non-contributing property.
 The Volcán Barú (also Volcán de Chiriqui) is an active stratovolcano and the tallest mountain in Panama at 3474 metres (11398 ft) high. It lies about 35 km off the border of Costa Rica.Due to its height and Panama's relatively short width it is possible to see both the Pacific Ocean and Caribbean Sea from Volcán Barú's peak on a clear day this is relatively rare.
 The 129th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This date was January 4 1977 which was two weeks before the beginning of the first administrative year of Republican Governor Pierre S.
 Killjoy Goes to Hell is a 2012 horror comedy and sequel to Full Moon's hit urban horror movie Killjoy. This film is one of several made by Full Moon Entertainment in an attempt to resurrect old franchises. Other new films included Puppet Master: Axis of Evil and The Demonic Toys 2: Personal Demons. During Sandie's recap of Killjoy 3 there are three scenes shown in the montage that are not in the final cut of the previous film.
 Mame Madior Boye (born 1940) was Prime Minister of Senegal from 2001 to 2002. She was the first female holder of that position.Boye was born in Saint-Louis. She was the first President of the Association of Senegalese Lawyers from 1975 to 1990 then the Director of Engagements for the West African Banking Company (Compagnie bancaire de l'Afrique Occidentale CBAO) from September 1990 to April 2000.
 Le Calandre is a restaurant in Padua Italy. The chef is Massimiliano Alajmo the world's youngest chef to have achieved the third Michelin star at the age of 28.The restaurant was voted 36th best in the world in Restaurant (magazine) Top 50 2008.
 Engineering News-Record (widely known as ENR) is a weekly magazine that provides news analysis data and opinion for the construction industry worldwide.
 Afro-Cuban is an album by American jazz trumpeter Kenny Dorham. The first release of the album dates back to 1955 on 10 Vinyl featuring only four tracks and having a different cover artwork. Two years later Blue Note decided to add three tracks and issue an LP (see below for details). After publishing a 2003 RVG edition which featured two additional pieces and a different track listing Blue Note remastered and recompiled Afro-Cuban in 2007 restoring the original track order.
 Gillis James Pinac known as Gil Pinac (born November 29 1957) is a former 12-year Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Crowley the seat of Acadia Parish. He switched his affiliation to Republican a week before announcing his candidacy for the Louisiana Public Service Commission in the special election held on April 4 2009.Pinac ran third in the election. As he conceded defeated on election night Pinac endorsed his fellow Republican former U.S.
 Jumpin' East of Java is the first live album from the American swing revival band The Brian Setzer Orchestra released on 2001 in Japan only.
 Unknown Time or De tussentijd is a 1993 Dutch drama film directed by Marianne Dikker.
 Bukichi Miki (三木 武吉 Miki Bukichi 15 August 1884 - 4 July 1956) was a Japanese politician. He was a close friend and ally of Ichiro Hatoyama and was the key figure in carrying out the conservative merger that resulted in the formation of the Liberal Democratic Party.Despite being a powerful conservative politician in the Taisho and Showa eras Miki remarkably never held any cabinet post.
 Anarsia anisodonta is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1954. It is found in New Guinea and Queensland.Adults have grey forewings with a triangular black mark on the costa.
 The Outsider is a novel by American author Richard Wright first published in 1953. The Outsider is Richard Wright's second installment in a story of epic proportions a complex master narrative to show American racism in raw and ugly terms. The kind of racism that Wright knew and experienced a racism from which most black people of his own time could not escape remained the central element in his fiction.
 The Richard Wall house built 1682 is the oldest house in Pennsylvania which has had continuous family residency. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places as Wall House also known as The Ivy. Having hosted religious meetings and weddings the house is also among the earliest places of Quaker worship still standing in the United States. It is now a museum located at Church Road and Wall Park Drive Elkins Park Pennsylvania.
 The Parkview Apartments in Pine Bluff Arkansas were built in 1925. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Anurag Thakur (Anurag Singh Thakur) is a member of Lok Sabha from Hamirpur in Himachal Pradesh in India. He is son of Prem Kumar Dhumal the former Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh. He was elected to Lok Sabha in May 2008 in a by poll as a candidate of Bharatiya Janata Party. He is the currently Joint Secretary of BCCI.
 Kahang (Persian: كهنگ‎) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Kondazhy is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 The Izvorul Negru River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 Ee Abbai Chala Manchodu (Telugu: ఈ అబ్బాయి చాలా మంచోడు) is a 2003 Telugu film directed by Agathiyan and produced by B. V. S. N. Prasad. The film stars Ravi Teja Sangeetha and Vani in the lead roles.
 Christopher N. Speranzo (born October 24 1972 in Pittsfield Massachusetts) is an American attorney and politician who represented the 3rd Berkshire District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2005 until July 13 2011 when he resigned after he was appointed by Governor Deval Patrick to the position of clerk magistrate of the Pittsfield District Court.
 Les Sept péchés capitaux is a 1962 film composed of seven different segments one for each of the seven deadly sins.
 Ignacew Rozlazły [iɡˈnat͡sɛf rɔˈzlazwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Parzęczew 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Zgierz and 24 km (15 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 A Self Made Hero (French: Un héros très discret) is a 1996 French film directed by Jacques Audiard. It is based on the novel by Jean-François Deniau.
 The Centerville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the heart of the village of Centerville in Barnstable Massachusetts. The district extends along Main Street from a point north of its junction with Old Stage Road and Park Avenue south to the junction with Church Hill Road. Most of the buildings in the district were built in the middle decades of the 19th century although its oldest building the Austin Bearse House was built c. 1690.
 Elementalz is the debut album by British hip hop group The Brotherhood. it was released on January 9 1996 through Virgin.
 Advances in Theoretical and Mathematical Physics (ATMP) is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by International Press.Established in 1997 the journal publishes articles on theoretical physics and mathematics.The current managing editor is Charles Doran (University of Alberta).
 French News was a monthly newspaper based in Périgueux Dordogne France published in English and distributed mostly in France.
 The bellowfishes or bellowsfishes are fishes in the genus Notopogon in the family Centriscidae. They are found in deeper parts of the temperate southern oceans although the longspine bellowfish has been recorded as far north as New Caledonia and Madagascar. According to FishBase they are part of the family Centriscidae but some authorities split that family in which case the genus Notopogon is in the family Macroramphosidae.
 Sir Frederick Henry Wheeler AC CBE (9 January 1914 – 5 August 1994) was a senior Australian public servant. He was Secretary of the Department of the Treasury between 1971 and 1979.
 Sophie Maxwell was a member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors representing District 10.
 Salzgittersee (Salzgitter Lake) is a lake in the city of Salzgitter in Lower Saxony Germany. At an elevation of 78 m its surface area is 0.75 km².
 Broken Drum is a contemporary Christian album performed by Jon Buller released in 2003.
 The Lost Moment is a 1947 American psychological thriller film with elements of horror directed by Martin Gabel and starring Robert Cummings Susan Hayward and Agnes Moorehead.
 Conus pacificus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 The Devil Does Exist (悪魔で候 Akuma de Sōrō) is a shōjo romance manga based on school life written by Mitsuba Takanashi it consists of 11 volumes.[citation needed]
 Pay or Die is a 1960 film starring Ernest Borgnine Zohra Lampert Howard Caine Alan Austin and Robert F. Simon.
 The Tower of Silence (German: Der Turm des Schweigens) is a 1924 German mystic melodrama directed by Johannes Guter and starring Xenia Desni and Nigel Barrie. The Tower of Silence is a silent film and one of the few films by Guter to survive. In 2007 it became the director's first film to be restored for modern audiences.
 Brzączowice [bʐɔnt͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobczyce within Myślenice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Dobczyce 11 km (7 mi) east of Myślenice and 24 km (15 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 311 is the third studio album by American rock band 311. The album often referred to as The Blue Album was released July 25 1995. The album contained three successful singles Don't Stay Home All Mixed Up and Down resulting in the band's mainstream breakthrough. It has been certified triple platinum with sales over three million albums. The album unlike the first two was recorded live with no instrumental over-dubs.
 Losada River (Spanish pronunciation: [loˈsaða]) is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Black Mountain is the debut album by Black Mountain released by Jagjaguwar in 2005.
 Porsgrunn City Hall is the seat of government for Porsgrunn city and municipality in Telemark Norway. The current city hall was constructed in 1905 after the original building was destroyed in a fire. The building is situated at the intersection of Storgata and Rådhusgata in eastern Porsgrunn.
 Tuetenseeli (Tuetesee) is a lake in Menznau Canton of Lucerne Switzerland. Its surface area is 2.15 ha. The lake and its surrounding bogs are a nature preserve.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Larkin Terminal Warehouse also known as Larkin at Exchange or the Larkin R/S/T Building is located at 726 Exchange Street Buffalo New York in a neighborhood known as the Hydraulics. The neighborhood was one of Buffalo's earliest industrial districts and it derived its name from the construction of a small hydraulic canal. The building clearly visible from the I-190 interstate was originally part of the Larkin Company and was one of the last constructed buildings in the complex.
 Eyes of Innocence is the 8th studio album released by the Miami Sound Machine and their first English language studio album released in 1984 (see 1984 in music).
 Fire Station No. 23 is a former fire station in Downtown Los Angeles. Built in 1910 as an operating fire station it was also the Los Angeles Fire Department's headquarters until 1920 and the residence of every fire chief from 1910-1928. When it opened it spawned a political firestorm due to the ornate interior and expensive imported materials leading to its being called the Taj Mahal of firehouses.
 The Sparrow (1996) is the first novel by author Mary Doria Russell.It won the Arthur C. Clarke Award James Tiptree Jr. Award Kurd-Laßwitz-Preis and the British Science Fiction Association Award. It was followed by a sequel Children of God in 1998. The title refers to Matthew 10:29-31 which relates that not even a sparrow falls to the earth without God's knowing of it.
 Lake Livingston is a reservoir located in the East Texas Piney Woods. Lake Livingston was built and is owned and operated by the Trinity River Authority of Texas (TRA) under contract with the City of Houston for water supply purposes. The lake is one of the largest lakes constructed for water supply purposes located totally within the State of Texas. Only the Sam Rayburn Reservoir is larger.
 Potreb is a village in the municipality of Tutin Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 267 people.
 The Black Castle is a mystery film released by Universal Pictures in 1952. It was produced by William Alland who would have better success two years later with Creature from the Black Lagoon. The film was made in the United States but premiered in Sweden.
 Paul Shooner (born May 2 1923) is a former Canadian provincial politician. He was the Union Nationale member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Yamaska from 1966 to 1970.
 The former Union Free School is located at the end of Conklin Street in New Hamburg New York United States. It is a red brick building constructed in the 1870s.For many years it was the only public building in the hamlet. It remained in use as school for over a half a century. Since then it has been converted into a residence. In 1987 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The MİT Museum of Espionage (Turkish: MİT Casusluk Müzesi) is a non-public museum owned by the Turkish National İntelligence Organization (Turkish: Milli İstihbarat Teşkilatı MİT) and located in Ankara Turkey. Situated within the campus of the MİT it is dedicated to the history of espionage featuring a collection of spying equipment.In 2011 during the celebration of MİT's 85th anniversary of foundation it was learnt that the institution owns a spy museum.
 The Brown House is a 19th-century house in Yuma Arizona built of brick in the 1890s. The house was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It may be a contributing property included within Yuma Crossing and Associated Sites a U.S. National Historic Landmark.
 Boneh-ye Morteza (Persian: بنه مرتضي‎ also Romanized as Boneh-ye Morteẕá; also known as Boneh Mortezā) is a village in Aghili-ye Jonubi Rural District Aghili District Gotvand County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 311 in 56 families.
 Padrão dos Descobrimentos (Portuguese pronunciation: [pɐˈdɾɐ̃w̃ duʃ dɨʃkubɾiˈmẽtuʃ]; lit. Monument to the Discoveries) is a monument on the northern bank of the Tagus River estuary in the civil parish of Santa Maria de Belém Lisbon. Located along the river where ships departed to explore and trade with India and Orient the monument celebrates the Portuguese Age of Discovery (or Age of Exploration) during the 15th and 16th centuries.
 Kohan Sar (Persian: كهن سر‎) is a village in Pariz Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rathod Harising Nasaru (born 4 February 1954) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Yavatmal constituency of Maharashtra and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party. He won office in the 2004 election.
 Tristeza on Piano (Portuguese pronunciation: [tɾiʃˈtezɐ]) is a 1970 album by Oscar Peterson.
 Bab's Diary was a 1917 American silent romantic comedy film directed by J. Searle Dawley starred Marguerite Clark. The film's scenario was written by Martha D. Foster based on the screen story Her Diary by Mary Roberts Rinehart. It was the first in a trilogy of Babs films that Clark made in 1917 all of which are now presumed lost.
 Rodrigo José Ramón Francisco de Jesús Carazo Odio (27 December 1926 – 9 December 2009) served as President of Costa Rica from 8 May 1978 to 8 May 1982.Carazo was born in 1926 in Cartago.
 The Honor of the Mounted is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Murdock MacQuarrie Pauline Bush and Lon Chaney. The film is now considered lost.
 King Kong is the third studio album by American rapper Gorilla Zoe released on June 14 2011. The album debuted at #56 on the Billboard 200 with 10300 copies in its first week out.
 Web is a science fiction novel written by the English science fiction author John Wyndham. The novel was published by the estate of John Wyndham in 1979 ten years after his death.
 Gervillaria is an extinct genus of saltwater clams marine bivalve mollusks that lived from the Triassic to the Cretaceous in Asia Europe North America and South America.
 The Santo Antônio River (Iguazu River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Ghulām Nabī Kêlay (Persian: غلام نبی کلی‎) is a village in Helmand Province in southwestern Afghanistan.
 Fife House is a Grade I listed building in Kemp Town Brighton United Kingdom which was previously owned by the Duke of Devonshire and the Duke of Fife; it is not to be confused with the former Fife House Whitehall in London.
 Yek Borji (Persian: يك برجي‎ also Romanized as Yek Borjī) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 families consisting of a total of 82 individuals.
 John Bulloch was a Republican member of the Georgia State Senate. He was first elected in 2002 to represent the 11th district. He resigned on December 6 2012. Bulloch and his wife Miriam have three daughters: Dee Joni and Ashley.
 Ethan Allen Hitchcock (September 19 1835 – April 9 1909) served under Presidents William McKinley and Theodore Roosevelt as U.S. Secretary of the Interior.
 Polypoetes villiopsis is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The Cobblestone Path is a historic pathway along the east side of the Bardstown Historic District of Bardstown Kentucky passing by eight acres of land. Once longer due to various construction it now remains between Flaget Avenue and Broadway directly across from the Bardstown Civil War Museum.
 Büğet is a village in the District of Eskil Aksaray Province Turkey.
 Comin' On Strong is the sixth album from American country music singer Trace Adkins. It was released on December 2 2003 on Capitol Records Nashville. Although it produced only two singles — Hot Mama and Rough & Ready which respectively reached No. 5 and No. 13 on the Hot Country Songs charts — it was certified platinum by the RIAA.The track I'd Sure Hate to Break Down Here was later recorded by Julie Roberts as Break Down Here on her self-titled debut album.
 The Visitors is a 1972 American drama film directed by Elia Kazan. It was entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival. Kazan used Daniel Lang's Casualties of War story as a jumping-off point for this film.
 In The Good Old Country Way is the third studio album released by British post-punk band The Nightingales. It was released in 1986 through the Vindaloo record label.
 Muff (from Irish: Magh) is a village in County Donegal Ireland. It is near the mouth of the River Foyle (where it flows into Lough Foyle) and sits at the border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. The village of Culmore and the city of Derry are to the south. Muff has experienced significant growth in population during the last decade as people from Northern Ireland migrate across the border.
 Jahorina (Serbian: Јахорина) is a village in the municipality of Pale Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Poor White Trash is a crime-comedy film directed by Michael Addis. The film was released on June 16. 2000 and was distributed by jointly by Hollywood Independents and Xenon Group. The film stars an ensemble cast of actors including Jaime Pressly and others most of them before they became famous.
 The Spotted Clover (Schinia scutosa) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Europe to southern Siberia the Near East and the Middle East and from central Asia to Japan. In North Africa it is found from Morocco to Egypt.The wingspan is 30–36 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September.
 Boboliczki [bɔbɔˈlit͡ʂki] (German Neu Bublitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Bobolice 33 km (21 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 147 km (91 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 Lake Columbia is a small man-made lake in Columbia Township in southern Jackson County in the U.S. state of Michigan. Originally formed as a mill pond in 1836 it was expanded to 840 acres (3.4 km2) in 1961. At its greatest extent the lake is 2 and 1/4 miles long and 1 and 3/4 miles wide. It has approximately 14 miles (23 km) of shoreline and the water source to the lake is Goose Creek. The lake has an average depth of 18 feet (5.5 m).
 Tandikat is a stratovolcano in West Sumatra Indonesia. Its elevation is 2438 m (7999 ft). It is a twin volcano with Mount Singgalang which is located to the north-north-east of Tandikat. However only Tandikat has had historical volcanic activity. The city of Padang Panjang is located at the foot of the mountain.
 Isabella River a perennial stream that is part of the Lachlan catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the central–western region of New South Wales Australia.The river rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range between Isabella and Burraga and flows generally south south-west north-west and west before reaching its confluence with the Abercrombie River east of Tuena; descending 671 metres (2201 ft) over its 51 kilometres (32 mi) course.
 Paulton Memorial Hospital is a small community hospital located in the village of Paulton Somerset approximately 12 miles from the City of Bath.There are 28 beds for inpatients in the hospital ward including 5 single rooms and the largest bay having 7 beds. An outpatient service operates 5 days a week Monday to Friday. NHS Bath and North East Somerset contract in Consultants time from 2 local acute trusts to provide specialist local outpatient service.
 Nothing Lasts Forever is a 1979 thriller novel by Roderick Thorp a sequel to his 1966 novel The Detective. It is mostly known through its film adaptation Die Hard. In December 2012 the book was brought back into print and released as an ebook for the 25th anniversary of the film.
 Gábor Scheiring (born March 14 1981) is a Hungarian economist and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Politics Can Be Different (LMP) National List since 2010.He graduated from the Corvinus University of Budapest. He is a leading member of the Védegylet which nominated László Sólyom to the position President of Hungary in 2005. He is an organizer and instructor of the Ökofeszt since 2005. He was one of the founders of the LMP in Spring 2009.
 Xanthodaphne dalmasi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Old Stone House is a 1933 reconstruction—with some original materials—of the Vechte-Cortelyou House which was destroyed in 1897. The house an important part of the 1776 Battle of Brooklyn is located in JJ Byrne park in the Park Slope neighborhood of Brooklyn New York. At one point it was the clubhouse of the Brooklyn Superbas which later became the Brooklyn Dodgers. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 Bruma parvus is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from North Sumatra.The wingspan is 9-10 mm. The head patagia anterior part of the tegulae prothorax basal part of the costa costal part of the medial area and the terminal area including the fringes are black. The costal medial area is quadrangular. The forewing ground colour is brown suffused with few black scales. The crosslines are indistinct and beige. The terminal line is marked by black interneural dots.
 Sarvedan (Persian: سرودان‎ also Romanized as Sarvedān; also known as Sar Dūn Sar-e Dūn Sarv Dān and Sarverān) is a village in Hotkan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 8 families.
 Wyckoff Heights Medical Center is a 350-bed teaching hospital located in the Wyckoff Heights section of Bushwick Brooklyn in New York City. The hospital was affiliated with the Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University and was a member of the NewYork-Presbyterian Healthcare System but is no longer.
 Sky Drips Drifts is an album released in 2007 by White Rainbow. The album is one continuous track split into five sections for easy tracking of sections/movements. Like Sun Shifts Sky Drips Drifts is a representation of the current White Rainbow live experience complete with loops shakers and heavy ambient noise. Unlike Sun Shifts though this album is not a limited edition and is readily available.
 Caloptilia betulicola commonly known as Red Birch Slender) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found from Scandinavia and the north of European Russia to the Pyrenees and Alps and from Ireland to Poland and Slovakia. In the east it is found up to China Japan and the Russian Far East.The wingspan is 14–16 millimetres (0.55–0.63 in).
 Greatest Hits is Bruce Springsteen's first compilation album released February 27 1995 on Columbia Records. It is a collection of some of Springsteen's hit singles and popular album tracks through the years and four extra numbers at the end mostly recorded with the E Street Band in 1995. The latter constituted Springsteen's first (albeit very partial) release with his backing band since the late 1980s.
 Under the Sunset is a collection of short stories by Bram Stoker (the author of Dracula) first published in 1881.Its significance in the development of fantasy literature was recognized by its republication by the Newcastle Publishing Company as the seventeenth volume of the celebrated Newcastle Forgotten Fantasy Library series in October 1978.The stories in the collection are:Under the SunsetThe Rose PrinceThe Invisible GiantThe Shadow BuilderHow 7 Went MadLies and LiliesThe Castle of the KingThe Wondrous ChildThe Shadow Builder was adapted to film in 1998 as Shadow Builder.
 Alex in Wonderland is a 1970 American comedy-drama film directed by Paul Mazursky written with his partner Larry Tucker starring Donald Sutherland and Ellen Burstyn. Sutherland plays Alex Morrison a director agonizing over the choice of follow-up project after the success of his first feature film. The situation is similar to the one Mazursky found himself in following the success of Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice (1969) and he casts himself in a role as a new-style Hollywood producer.
 The Key to the Kingdom (王国の鍵 Ōkoku no Kagi) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kyoko Shitou. The manga was serialised in Kadokawa Shoten's Asuka Fantasy DX. The manga is licensed and published in North America by CMX and in Taiwan by Kadokawa Shoten's subsidiary Kadokawa Media.
 Khvorheh (Persian: خورهه‎ also Romanized as Khorbeh Khowrheh Khūrheh Khurreh and Khvoreh) is a village in Khomeh Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 249 in 54 families.
 The Crossings Premium Outlets is an open-air outlet mall in Monroe County Pennsylvania adjacent to the Tannersville interchange of Interstate 80 with Route 715. It consists of seven buildings lettered A through G and has a small food court in Building C.
 Odostomia atossa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Spring Creek is a 6.0-mile-long (9.7 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River in Dauphin County Pennsylvania in the United States.Spring Creek rises in Lower Paxton Township flowing through adjacent areas such as Paxtang Oakleigh Progress Lawnton and Colonial Park. The stream flows in a westerly direction eventually joining the Susquehanna River in southern Harrisburg.
 Buckingham Baptist Chapel is a Baptist church in Clifton Bristol England. It was built in 1842 to the designs of Richard Shackleton Pope and is an example of Gothic Revival architecture being particularly noteworthy in that it is one of the earliest Baptist chapels built in this style. It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.The chapel describes itself as 'independent evangelical baptist'.
 Anapisa dufranei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1952. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 The Hook is a weekly newspaper published in Charlottesville Virginia and distributed throughout Central Virginia and the Shenandoah Valley.
 Mercury is the first full-length and currently the only studio album by the British indie rock band Longview.
 The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter. It was published by Frederick Warne & Co. in October 1905. Mrs. Tiggy-winkle is a hedgehog washerwoman who lives in a tiny cottage in the fells of the Lake District. A child named Lucie happens upon the cottage and stays for tea. The two deliver freshly laundered clothing to the animals and birds in the neighbourhood.
 Nuwe Amanya Mushega commonly known as Amanya Mushega is Ugandan lawyer politician diplomat and civil servant. He formerly served as the Secretary General of the East African Community from 2001 until 2006. He was appointed to that position by the East African Community Heads of State in 2001 for a five-year term.
 The San Pedro Valley of western Cochise County Arizona is a 50 mile long mostly north-south valley trending northwesterly. It drains from Sierra Vista Southeast north towards I-10 Benson and the southeast of the Rincon Mountains.The coordinates for Charleston Arizona south center of the valley are 31389-N 1101021-W.
 The Chicago Bee Building is a historic building on Chicago's South Side. It originally housed the Chicago Bee a newspaper serving the African Americans of Chicago. The building now houses the Chicago Bee Branch of the Chicago Public Library. The building was named a Chicago Landmark on September 9 1998.
 Alfred H. Richards House is a historic house at 354 Highland Avenue in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1923 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Panghkok is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Not to be confused with the unrelated 1950 film.My Blue Heaven is a 1990 comedy film directed by Herbert Ross written by Nora Ephron and starring Steve Martin Rick Moranis and Joan Cusack. This would be the third film Steve Martin and Rick Moranis starred together in. It has been noted for its relationship to the movie Goodfellas which was released one month after this film.
 City Hall is a 1996 film directed by Harold Becker. It stars Al Pacino John Cusack and Bridget Fonda. The plot follows the aftermath of the death of a boy caught in the crossfire of a shootout between a drug dealer and a detective.According to the website Box Office Mojo the film grossed an estimated $20 million in the U.S.This was Becker's second collaboration with Pacino having directed him in Sea of Love released seven years earlier.
 Doraemon: Nobita and the Steel Troops (ドラえもん のび太と鉄人兵団 Doraemon: Nobita to Tetsujin Heidan) is a 1986 anime science fiction film based on the popular anime/manga series Doraemon. The original plot was written by Fujiko F. Fujio. Alternate titles include The Platoon of Iron Men or The Robot Army. The film pays homage to many anime series featuring giant robots or mecha most notably Gundam and Mazinger. This film was later remade in 3D.
 Fr. Daniel P. Coughlin STL (born November 8 1934) served as the 59th Chaplain of the United States House of Representatives from March 23 2000 to April 14 2011. He was the first Roman Catholic priest to serve in that position and the process that led to his selection included some controversy.
 Henry St. John (July 16 1783–1869) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.Born in Washington County Vermont St. John received a limited schooling.He served during the War of 1812.He moved to Wooster Ohio in 1815 to Crawford County Ohio in 1828 and in 1837 to Seneca County where he engaged in agricultural pursuits milling and storekeeping near Tiffin Ohio.St.
 Gorosthaney Sabdhan (Bengali: গোরস্থানে সাবধান) is a 2010 thriller film directed by Sandip Ray based on the novel of the same name by Satyajit Ray. The film was released on 10 December 2010. It is different from most other Feluda stories in the sense that this story is based on Feluda's hometown Kolkata (Calcutta). Most of Feluda's adventures take place as he and his company go to visit some place in India or outside. Here however Calcutta itself is the setting.
 Kamionka [kaˈmjɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smętowo Graniczne within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Smętowo Graniczne 32 km (20 mi) south of Starogard Gdański and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 400.
 Zubki Małe [ˈzupki ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniewice within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Czerniewice 25 km (16 mi) north-east of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 53 km (33 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Shelburne Hotel was a resort in Atlantic City New Jersey located at Michigan Avenue and the Boardwalk. Built and opened in 1869 the hotel was originally a wood-frame cottage. Following several expansions under the direction of hotel manager Jacob Weikel a modern brick-faced steel frame multistory structure was constructed along Michigan Avenue at the corner with the Boardwalk. This portion of the hotel opened in 1926.
 Guildfordia radians is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.
 The Bear River is a minor river in western Nova Scotia Canada. Flowing from south to north it is 40 kilometres (25 mi) long from its headwaters to its discharge into the Annapolis Basin some 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) east of Digby. The river is tidal for the last 9.7 kilometres (6.0 mi) of its length. The village of Bear River (which today calls itself “The Tidal Village”) is situated near the head of the tide where shipbuilding took place in the nineteenth century.
 Poison Ochs: A Tribute to Phil Ochs is a tribute compilation to the music of the late Phil Ochs. Ochs' songs which are generally thought of as folk music and folk rock are performed by musicians associated with indie rock and experimental rock.Poison Ochs was released in 2003 by Wood Records. All profits from the album's sales were distributed to Amnesty International.
 The Root of All Evil is a Japan-only EP release by the all-female tribute band The Iron Maidens.
 Sveltella philippii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Savior Sorrow (also recognized as SaVIor Sorrow in the development stages of the album) is the sixth studio album release and the follow-up to 2003's XIII by the Cleveland Ohio based industrial metal band Mushroomhead. It is their first release through Megaforce Records. This is the first Mushroomhead recording to feature Waylon Reavis on vocals who replaced Jason J Mann Popson.
 Svenska Dagbladet (common abbreviation SvD; the title translates as the Swedish daily paper) is a daily newspaper in Sweden.
 Fazeley Junction (grid reference SK202020) is the name of the canal junction where the authorised Birmingham and Fazeley Canal terminates and meets the Coventry Canal at Fazeley near Tamworth Staffordshire England.
 Basic Battle Skills is a field training manual formerly issued to individual soldiers in the British Army.Editions were modified over a period of approximately 25 years before the book was withdrawn from issue.
 Ferenc Duschek (28 August 1797 - 17 October 1872) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Finance during the Hungarian Revolution of 1848. He started his career as Lajos Kossuth's state secretary. In fact Duschek managed the ministry's affairs because of the minister's occupations. After the Battle of Temesvár he was captured by the Austrian troops. After that he spent his life in full solitude.
 Back Here On Earth is Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot's fourth studio album released in 1968 on the United Artists label.Apart from his eponymous debut album it is Lightfoot's only studio album not to derive its title from a song on the album. Back Here on Earth was Lightfoot's last studio recording on the United Artists label which he left after releasing the live album Sunday Concert in 1969.
 Chamandan (Persian: چمندان‎ also Romanized as Chamandān) is a village in Ahandan Rural District in the Central District of Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 44 families.
 Pokhari Chauri is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3879 in 609 individual households. It lies in the border of Ramechhap and kavrepalanchowk district. It is about 150 km away from the capital of Nepal Kathmandu
 No Money known in Japan as Okane ga Nai (お金がないっ) is a yaoi novel and manga created by Hitoyo Shinozaki and illustrated by Tohru Kousaka. Besides the manga there are also drama CDs and four OVA's.
 Hebron Church in Long Ashton North Somerset near Bristol in England was first founded in 1934 by Ernest Dyer.The Church arose out of a Sunday School and youth club by Mr Dyer who cycled weekly from Keynsham to run the clubs. Mr Dyer lived above the Church until his death in the late 1960s. His sister continued living there until her subsequent death.
 Kajetanów [kajɛˈtanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puławy within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Puławy and 53 km (33 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 The Maynard and Edith Hamlin Dixon House and Studio is a residence and former painting studio in Mount Carmel Utah. Maynard Dixon was a prominent artist in the 1920s through 1940s who is best known for his landscape paintings of the American West. He moved to Mount Carmel in 1939 shortly after marrying Edith Hamlin a muralist from San Francisco California. The Dixons spent their summers in the home and wintered in Tucson Arizona.
 Chak Shadi is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is located near the town of Pinanwal and is a part of Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil and is located at 32°39'40N 73°15'20E with an altitude of 206 metres (679 feet). Almost the entire population is Muslim and belong to the Jalap tribe.
 The Carpentarian dunnart (Sminthopsis butleri) also known as the Butler's dunnart with a puffy brown or mouse grey colour above and the underside of white similar to its close relative the Kakadu dunnart. Head to anus length is 75-88m with a tail of 72-90mm long for a total length of 147-178mm. Weight varies from 10-20gr depending on a variety of factors including sex food abundance habitat etc.
 Night is a work by Elie Wiesel about his experience with his father in the Nazi German concentration camps at Auschwitz and Buchenwald in 1944–1945 at the height of the Holocaust and toward the end of the Second World War.
 Al Messa (in Arabic المساء) is an Arabic daily published in Egypt.
 Maradi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Agency Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Oregon located in Yamhill County. Agency Creek is a tributary to the South Yamhill River.
 Karkan-e Pain (Persian: كركان پائين‎ also Romanized as Karkān-e Pā’īn and Karakān-Pā’īn; also known as Garakān-e Soflá and Karkān-e Soflá) is a village in Saruq Rural District Saruq District Farahan County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 333 in 79 families.
 Fun in Acapulco is a 1963 American musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley and Ursula Andress.
 Philautus acutirostris is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Steven Everett Pylant Sr. (born November 25 1954) is a former sheriff of Franklin Parish Louisiana who currently serves as a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 20 which includes all or portions of Franklin Caldwell Catahoula La Salle and Tensas parishes in the northeastern section of his state.
 Sharif Hassan Sheikh Adan (Somali: Shariif Xasan Sheekh Aadan Arabic: شريف حسن الشيخ عدن‎) (born 1947) is a Somali politician. He is a former Finance Minister of Somalia and the current Speaker of the Transitional Federal Parliament (TFP). He hails from the Adan Mirifle (Siyeed) Ashraaf sub-clan of the Rahanweyn (Digil and Mirifle) major clan.
 Torch Lake is approximately 2700 acres (11 km²) lying mostly within Torch Lake Township and having portions within Osceola Township and Schoolcraft Township. The lake is fed by the Traprock River.The village of Lake Linden at the north end of the lake was once the site of the largest copper milling operation in North America. About 200 million tons of copper mill stamp sands were dumped into Torch Lake itself filling about 20 percent of the lake's volume. The U.S.
 Song of Solomon is a 1977 novel by American author Toni Morrison. It follows the life of Macon Milkman Dead III an African-American male living in Michigan from birth to adulthood.This book won the National Books Critics Award was chosen for Oprah Winfrey's popular book club and was cited by the Swedish Academy in awarding Morrison the 1993 Nobel Prize in literature.
 Antipodocottus is a genus of sculpins native to the western Pacific Ocean.
 Nottoway Plantation also known as Nottoway Plantation House is located in White Castle Louisiana. This home was completed in 1859 for the John Hampden Randolph family. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Nottoway Plantation is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 Boy A is the title of a 2004 novel by British writer Jonathan Trigell.
 Triumph of the Will (German: Triumph des Willens) is a 1935 film made by Leni Riefenstahl. It chronicles the 1934 Nazi Party Congress in Nuremberg which was attended by more than 700000 Nazi supporters. The film contains excerpts from speeches given by Nazi leaders at the Congress including portions of speeches by Adolf Hitler Rudolf Hess and Julius Streicher interspersed with footage of massed Sturmabteilung and Schutzstaffel troops and public reaction.
 Worms (Portuguese: Minhocas) is a Brazilian-Canadian stop-motion animated film directed by Paolo Conti and Arthur Medeiros. It is the first Brazilian stop-motion animated film. It was released in Brazil on December 20 2013.
 Rudawica [rudaˈvit͡sa] (formerly German Eisenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań within Żagań County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Żagań and 46 km (29 mi) south of Zielona Góra.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Hector's Bunyip is a 1986 Australian TV movie about a young boy who is abducted by a bunyip.It was shot in the lower Hunter Valley.
 Kushat-e Dum (Persian: كوشات دوم‎ also Romanized as Kūshāt-e Dūm) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 11 families.
 Irodori no Nai Sekai is Yōsei Teikoku's third mini-album released on January 14 2009. It includes the Ending song to the anime Kurokami: The Animation.
 Red Hat Tower (formerly known as Two Progress Plaza) is a skyscraper in Raleigh North Carolina. It was completed in 2004 at a cost of $100 million as a headquarters for Progress Energy Inc and has 19 floors and 366000 square feet (34000 m2) of space. It is owned by J.P. Morgan Trust Co. In 1999 Carolina Power & Light announced plans for a new headquarters tower.
 Give Me Ten Desperate Men (French: Donnez-moi dix hommes désespérés) is a 1962 French drama film directed by Pierre Zimmer. It was entered into the 12th Berlin International Film Festival.
 James Henry Bradney (2 April 1853–26 May 1936) was a New Zealand Reform Party Member of Parliament and shipping proprietor.
 Pidonia quadrata is a species of the Lepturinae subfamily in the long-horned beetle family. This beetle is distributed in Canada and the USA.
 Live at the Greek Theatre 2008 is a live album released by musician Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band in 2010. It is one of few current albums that Ringo Starr has released on a major label this one being released on Universal Music Group as well as his 2008 studio album Liverpool 8 which was released under Capitol Records.
 Euerythra is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 You are Here is the second album released by +/-. It was the first full-length release to feature the line-up of James Baluyut Chris Deaner and Patrick Ramos. It featured a remixed and edited version of Trapped Under ice Floes from the Holding Patterns EP. With its European release in mid-2008 it became the first +/- album to be available in LP format.
 Grasshoppers (Cavallette) is an animated short by Bruno Bozzetto which condenses the whole of human civilization into 9 minutes focusing primarily on the human race's predilection for warfare and the vanity of war. It was an Oscar Nominee for Best Animated Short in 1991.Each piece of history is presented as a simple vignette usually depicting a few simply-drawn characters arguing and making war over and over again.
 Minoa is a village in Onondaga County New York United States. As of the 2010 census the village population was 3449. Minoa is in the northern part of the town of Manlius and is east of Syracuse.
 Paul A. Bell (October 3 1950 – June 7 2010) was the Iowa State Representative from the 41st District. He served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1993 and until his death in June 2010. He received his BA from the University of Northern Iowa.Bell served on several committees in the Iowa House—the Ethics committee; the Public Safety committee; the Transportation committee; the Veterans Affairs committee; and the Natural Resources committee where he was chair.
 Der Blindensturz (1985) (translated as The Parable of the Blind) is the title of short novel in ten chapters by German writer Gert Hofmann.Inspired by Parabel der Blinden (1568) a painting by Netherlandish artist Pieter Bruegel the novel tells the story of the work's creation from the point of view of the six blind men depicted in the painting. The story is recounted in the present tense first person plural.
 Andrew P. Koenig (born December 21 1982) is a small business owner and a Republican member of the Missouri House of Representatives. He has represented the 99th district which includes Ballwin Winchester and parts of Ellisville since 2009.
 Laccocenus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Laccocenus ambiguus Sloane 1890 Laccocenus vicinus Moore 2004↑
 Valeh (Persian: وله‎) is a village in Nesa Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 302 in 76 families.
 Kristin A. Conzet is an American politician and a Republican member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 32 since January 11 2011.
 Vilva River (Russian: Вильва) is a river in Perm Krai Russia left tributary of Usva River. It starts on west foothills of Ural near the border with Sverdlovsk Oblast. Flows to west and southwest. Flows into Usva in 4 km of its mouth on area of town Chusovoy. The length of the river is 170 km. The area of its drainage basin is 3020 km².
 Shriek is the fourth studio album by indie band Wye Oak. It was released on April 29 2014 by Merge Records in the United States and City Slang in Europe.
 Gideon's Sword is a novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child. It was released on February 22 2011.It was optioned by Bay Films and will be produced by Michael Bay.
 Blame! (Japanese: ブラム! Hepburn: Buramu!) pronounced blam is a ten-volume 1998 cyberpunk manga by Tsutomu Nihei published by Kodansha. A six part original net animation was produced in 2003 with a seventh episode included on the DVD release.
 Prvý Slíž is the demo tape by the Slovak punk rock/comedy rock band Horkýže Slíže. Many of the band's songs from this demo tape have appeared on their first three albums: V Rámci Oného Vo Štvorici Po Opici and Ja Chaču Tebja.
 Eleutherodactylus xylochobates is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Raphael Nii Amaa Ollennu (21 May 1906 – 22 December 1986) was the Chairman of the Presidential Commission and acting President of Ghana during the Second Republic from 7 August 1970 to 31 August 1970.
 Oczkowice [ɔt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejska Górka within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Miejska Górka 16 km (10 mi) north-east of Rawicz and 81 km (50 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Aldea Beleiro is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina.
 The Centro Andino Mall started construction on January 1991. It is located in Bogotá Colombia in the Zona Rosa near the Zona T and next to El Retiro Mall another mall of Bogotá. Centro Andino is made up of a business center and shopping mall. The business center covers 19.486 m2 and the mall 17.316 m2 and contains 205 stores.
 Strophotina apparata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Morona-Santiago Province).
 Stephen Lee Steve Gunn (born May 12 1946) is an Independent politician from Montgomery (population 787 in 2000) in northern Grant Parish in north central Louisiana. From 1992–1996 Gunn was a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 22 (Catahoula Grant and La Salle parishes plus one precinct in Rapides Parish). From 2002 to 2010 he was the mayor of Montgomery. Gunn's maternal great-aunt Lula Wardlow was also a mayor of Montgomery.
 Hưng Hội is a commune (xã) and village in Vĩnh Lợi District Bạc Liêu Province in south-western Vietnam.
 Havullu is a village in the District of Gerede Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 210 people.
 The History of Civilization is a boxed set of science fiction novels by author Edward E. Smith Ph.D.. It contains the six novels of Smith's Lensman series. The set was published in 1961 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 75 copies. Each volume was printed from the original Fantasy Press plates but with a new title page giving the name of the set. They were bound in red half-leather numbered and signed by Smith.
 Street Map is an EP of new studio recordings from The Innocence Mission.
 Dadkan (Persian: دادكان‎ also Romanized as Dādkān; also known as Dad Gan Dādkān-e Soflá and Dād Khān) is a village in Irandegan Rural District Irandegan District Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 800 in 171 families.
 Falkenberg Farewell (Swedish: Farväl Falkenberg) is a 2006 Swedish drama film written and directed by Jesper Ganslandt. It was nominated for four Guldbagge Awards including Best Film as well as being selected as Sweden's submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 79th Academy Awards.
 Wyrzysk Skarbowy [ˈvɨʐɨsk skarˈbɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk within Piła County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-east of Wyrzysk 37 km (23 mi) east of Piła and 89 km (55 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
 Augustine Geve was a Solomon Islands Catholic priest and politician.He was first elected to Parliament in the December 2001 general election as MP for South Guadalcanal at the time of the violent ethnic conflict on Guadalcanal. He was then appointed Minister for Youth Women and Sports in Prime Minister Allan Kemakeza's Cabinet.On August 20 2002 he was assassinated by Ronnie Cawa Francis Lela and warlord Harold Keke on a remote beach on Guadalcanal.
 The Utsunoya-tōge Pass (宇津ノ谷峠 Utsunoya-tōge) is a pass on the old Tōkaidō highway connecting the capital of Edo with Kyoto. Located between former Mariko-juku in what is now Aoi-ku Shizuoka and Okabe-juku in what is now Fujieda it is the only portion of the Heian period road known to have survived to the present day and was proclaimed a National Historic Site on February 22 2010.The route of the ancient Tōkaidō highway skirted the coast of Suruga Bay during the Nara period.
 Cat 'n' Mouse is an album by guitarist John Abercrombie with violinist Mark Feldman bassist Marc Johnson and drummer Joey Baron recorded in 2000 and released on the ECM label
 Immaculate Conception Church is a historic Roman Catholic church building at 1314 Lynn Avenue in Pawhuska Oklahoma.It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Deadly Medicine is a 1988 non-fiction true crime book by Kelly Moore and Dan Reed that was adapted for television in 1991 as an NBC Movie-of-the-Week by the same name. The book was first published in November 1988 and focused on the murder case of convicted serial killer Genene Jones.
 The Daring Twins: A Story for Young Folk is a mystery novel for juvenile readers written by L. Frank Baum author of the Oz books. It was first published in 1911 and was intended as the opening installment in a series of similar books.The story centers on a family of five orphaned children two of whom are twins. Phil Daring works in a bank; when he is unjustly suspected of thievery his twin sister Phoebe a spirited 16-year-old seizes the initiative in proving his innocence.
 Patrick Hall (born 20 October 1951) is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Bedford and Kempston from 1997 to 2010. He has been selected by the Labour Party as their candidate in Bedford for the 2015 general election.
 The Manipur moustached caecilian Ichthyophis moustakius is a species of amphibian in the family Ichthyophiidae found in Manipur in India.Its common name stems from the narrow yellow lines from the tentacles to the nares which resemble a moustache.
 Aerodramus is a genus of small dark cave-nesting birds in the Collocaliini tribe of the swift family. Its members are confined to tropical and subtropical regions in southern Asia Oceania and northeastern Australia. Many of its members were formerly classified in Collocalia but were first placed in a separate genus by American ornithologist Harry Church Oberholser in 1906.This is a taxonomically difficult group of very similar species.
 Punk Goes Pop 2 is the eighth compilation album released from the Punk Goes... series created by Fearless Records to feature covers by various artists of pop songs. It was released on March 9 2009 in the United Kingdom and March 10 2009 in the United States. The album debuted at number 15 on the Billboard 200 selling 21000 copies in its first week.The album's release was originally slated for February.
 Rotten Apples: The Smashing Pumpkins' Greatest Hits is a greatest hits compilation album by alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins. In the US it was released in 2001 along with a bonus disc titled Judas O. The album's concluding track Untitled was the Pumpkins' final recording before their breakup. Completed in the days leading up to the band's farewell concert at the Metro in Chicago it was also released as a single.
 The Green Plain Monthly Meetinghouse is a historic former Quaker house of worship near South Charleston in Clark County Ohio United States. Built in 1843 it was used by a part of a monthly meeting that was established in the area in 1822.
 Cheyne Stoking is the debut studio album by English heavy metal band Huron.
 Chayam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Farnaq (Persian: فرنق‎; also known as Farnagh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District in the Central District of Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1535 in 393 families.
 Robczysko [rɔpˈt͡ʂɨskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rydzyna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Rydzyna 15 km (9 mi) east of Leszno and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Dom is a mountain in the Pennine Alps above Saas Fee in the canton of Valais. With its 4545 m (14911 ft) summit it is the third highest peak in the Alps and the second highest in Switzerland.
 Ferdinand Alexander Ferry Hoogendijk (23 November 1933 – 14 February 2014) was a Dutch journalist and politician.
 Knuffle Bunny: A Cautionary Tale is a children's picture book by Mo Willems. Released by Hyperion Books in 2004 an illustrated version of the book won the 2005 Caldecott Honor. The story also spawned an animated short which won the Carnegie Medal for Excellence in Children's Video in 2007. In August 2007 the sequel Knuffle Bunny Too: A Case of Mistaken Identity was published. The sequel follows the main character Trixie from the original Knuffle Bunny three years later.
 The Isle of Lost Ships is a 1929 talking film released in an alternative silent version with a prerecorded track of effects and music. It was produced by Richard A. Rowland and First National Pictures and distributed by First National. Irvin Willat was the director with Jason Robards Sr. and Virginia Valli in the leads. It is based on The Isle of Dead Ships by Crittenden Marriott and is also a remake of Maurice Tourneur's now lost 1923 classic. This film is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Mount Banahaw (alternative spelling: Banahao or Banájao) is an active volcano on Luzon in the Philippines. The three-peaked volcano complex is located between the provinces of Laguna and Quezon and is the tallest mountain in the CALABARZON region dominating the landscape for miles around.The mountain is considered by many as a Holy mountain and is popular among pilgrims along with mountain climbers.
 Argyroeides magon is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Wooster Nagar is the name of a small fishing village in the state of Tamil Nadu India. Dedicated January 3 2007 the village consists of 26 homes built with funds donated by citizens of Wooster Ohio USA. In recognition of these donations the village residents renamed their village Wooster Nagar. Nagar is a from Sanskrit and means city.The village is located at Pudupattinam just inland from the Indian Ocean coastline an hour south of Chennai the capital of Tamil Nadu.
 Mantidactylus kathrinae is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests rivers swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Fort Laurens was an American Revolutionary War fort in what is now the U.S. state of Ohio.
 Fabric 20 is a DJ mix compilation album by John Digweed as part of the Fabric Mix Series. It was whittled down from a five hour set based on Digweed's time at Fabric.
 Sheshnag Lake (Sanskrit: शेषनाग झील) is an alpine high altitude oligotrophic lake situated at the track leading to Amarnath cave 23 kilometers from Pahalgam in Anantnag district of Kashmir valley in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir at an elevation of 3590 meters. It has a maximum length of 1.1 kilometers and maximum width of 0.7 kilometers.
 A Daughter's a Daughter is a novel written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Heinemann on 24 November 1952. Initially unpublished in the US it was later issued as a paperback by Dell Publishing in September 1963. It was the fifth of six novels Christie wrote under the nom-de-plume Mary Westmacott.
 The Bates Olivewing (Nessaea batesii) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in eastern Venezuela the Guianas and the lower Amazon in Brazil.The length of the wings is 29-36 mm for males and 32-40 mm for females. The upperside of adult males is dark brown with bright sky blue diagonal bands on the forewings and orange patches on the hindwings.
 Hessdalen Church (Norwegian: Hessdalen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Hessdalen.The church was built in 1940 by architects John Egil Tverdahl and Arne S. Gynnild. The wooden building was built to hold about 186 people.The church is part of the Hessdalen parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 William Bill Emmerson (born October 28 1945) was a Republican California State Senator who represented the 23rd district in Riverside County. He previously represented the 37th Senate District having been elected in a June 8 2010 special election and sworn into office the next day. He was previously the California State Assemblyman representing District 63 in the Inland Empire counties of Riverside and San Bernardino having been first elected in November 2004.
 The Kleine Zschirnstein (Little Zschirnstein) is a 472.7 metre high table mountain in the Elbe Sandstone Mountains in Saxony.It is located north of the Großer Zschirnstein above the village of Kleingießhübel. The summit plateau rises gently from east to west and is covered in forest. Whilst the southern end of the table descends gradually there are steep rock faces on the northern side with several free-standing climbing summits.
 Thebit is a lunar impact crater located on the southeast shore of Mare Nubium. To the north-northwest is the crater Arzachel and Purbach lies to the south-southwest. To the southwest is the flooded remnants of Thebit P which is actually larger in diameter than Thebit itself.The rim of Thebit is generally circular in outline with a double-notch in the southwest wall. A prominent bowl-shaped crater Thebit A lies across the west-northwestern rim.
 Tamir Pardo (Hebrew: תמיר פרדו; born 1953) is the current Director of the Mossad taking over the role from Meir Dagan on January 1 2011. The appointment was announced by Israeli prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on November 29 2010.
 The Romen River (Ukrainian: Ромен; Russian: Ромен) is a right tributary of the Sula River with a length of 111 km and a drainage basin of 1645 km². It begins in the northern Ukrainian Oblast of Chernihiv and flows into the Sula River near the Sumy Oblast city of Romny. The average discharge quantity amounts to 3 m³/s at the delta.The name is of Baltic origin; cf. Lithuanian romus 'quiet.'
 Bektashabad (Persian: بكتاش اباد‎ also Romanized as Bektāshābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 220 in 47 families.
 The Maracaí River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Goreme is a village in Strumyani Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.
 Nassarius tinei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Eua zebrina is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Partulidae. This species is endemic to American Samoa. A cladogram showing phylogenic relations of Eua zebrina:
 New Town Killers is a British drama film written and directed by Richard Jobson starring James Anthony Pearson and Dougray Scott. New Town Killers follows two business men portrayed by Dougray Scott and Alastair Mackenzie who play macabre cat and mouse games with people from the fringes of society. The film was an official selection for both The Times BFI London Film Festival 2008 and The International Thessaloniki Film Festival 2008.
 The Charles E. Loose House is a historic house located in Provo Utah. The house was individually nominated for listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 but was not listed due to owner objection. It later was included as a contributing property in the Provo East Central Historic District.
 Trymalitis is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Ultimate Comics: Fallout is a comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics that debuted in July 2011 as part of the second re-launch of the Ultimate Universe. The story itself deals mainly with the aftermath of the Death of Spider-Man storyline and is written by Brian Michael Bendis Jonathan Hickman and Nick Spencer.
 Mohammad Alikhani (Persian: محمدعلي خاني‎ also Romanized as Moḩammad ‘Alīkhānī; also known as Chaleh-ye Moḩammad ‘Alī Khānī and Moḩammad ‘Alīkhān) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 344 in 65 families.
 James Piper Taliaferro (September 30 1847 – October 6 1934) was a US Senator from Florida who served as a Democrat from 1899 to 1911.
 The Calvinistic Congregational Church is an historic church building located at 820 Main Street in Fitchburg Massachusetts. In 1967 the congregation merged with the First United Methodist Church of Fitchburg and is now known as Faith United Parish.The church was designed by architect Henry M. Francis and was built in 1896. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Calliostoma anseeuwi is a species of medium-sized deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calliostomatidae.
 The Promise is the debut album from Christian boy band Plus One. The album features the singles Written On My Heart God Is In This Place Last Flight Out and Here In My Heart. The album was certified Gold in 2000.
 Gloria's Romance is a 1916 silent film serial starring Billie Burke. It was written by Rupert Hughes and his wife and produced by George Kleine. Walter Edwin and Colin Campbell served as principal directors. It is Burke's second outing as a film actress and one of the very rare occasions a Broadway performer of her magnitude starred in a chapter play. In its original form this serial comprised 20 chapters and was 40 reels long several chapters longer than most of the time. It is a lost film.
 Ndawathumu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Hypolycaena scintillans the Scintillating Fairy Hairstreak  is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It was described by Stempffer in 1957. It is found in Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria and western Cameroon. The habitat consists of primary and secondary forests.
 #1s… and Then Some is the title of a two-disc compilation album released on September 8 2009 by country music duo Brooks & Dunn. It is the duo's fifth greatest hits package and their last album together. The package contains two new tracks that were both released as singles Indian Summer and a collaboration with ZZ Top lead guitarist Billy Gibbons Honky Tonk Stomp the latter of which is Brooks & Dunn's 50th and final single as a duo.
 Streets of Laredo is a 1949 western film starring William Holden Macdonald Carey and William Bendix as three outlaws who rescue a young girl played by Mona Freeman.
 Monte Cadria is a mountain in the Alps located in Italy. It is the highest peak of the Brescia and Garda Prealps.
 Palikije Drugie [paliˈkijɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechów within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 21 km (13 mi) west of the regional capital Lublin. It has a population of approximately 100 people with 37 households.
 The Chęciny Royal Castle was built in the late 13th century in Chęciny Poland. It fell into ruin in the 18th century and remains in that state to this day.
 Shpat i Sipërm is a village in the municipality of Baldushk in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 The Dălșești River is a tributary of the Sighișoara River in Romania.
 The Very Best of dansbands hårdrock is a 2001 album from Swedish heavy metal band Black Ingvars.
 Dewar is a lunar crater that lies on the Moon's far side. Less than one crater diameter to the south-southwest is the crater Stratton. Vening Meinesz is a little over one crater diameter to the northwest. The slightly worn rim of this crater is roughly circular with a small outward protrusion along the southern edge. The interior floor is marked by several small impacts along the eastern side.
 Sweet Right Here is the third studio album of country music trio SHeDAISY. It was released on June 8 2004. It peaked at 16 on the Billboard 200 chart and at number 2 on the Country Albums Chart on June 26 2004. This album has received Gold certification by the RIAA for shipment of over 500000 copies.The singles from this album Passenger Seat Come Home Soon and Don't Worry 'bout a Thing reached numbers 12 14 and 7 respectively on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
 Chah-e Puzeh (Persian: چاه پوزه‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Pūzeh and Chāh Pūzeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Ferdows County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mordellistena anomala is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1968 by Ermisch.
 Lake Howard is a fresh water lake located in Winter Haven Florida. The lake is part of the headwaters of the Peace River watershed. Lake Howard is a prominent lake in Winter Haven's Chain of Lakes. Lake Howard is on the southern chain of lakes. It is connected to Lake Cannon to the north-west and Lake May to the south-east. Lake Howard has a surface area of 624 acres.
 Edward Ed J. Suslovic (born November 17 1959) is an American politician and current member of the Portland Maine City Council. Suslovic a Democrat previously represented part of Portland in the Maine House of Representatives from 2002 to 2004 and served as the ceremonial mayor of Portland from 2007 to 2008.
 Good Enough is the second studio album to be released by Swedish pop singer Ola. The album originally debuted and peaked at #6 on the Swedish albums chart however it reached a new peak at #2 when re-released with a new track listing in 2008.
 The Bride Wore Boots is a 1946 romantic comedy film with Barbara Stanwyck in the title role playing opposite Robert Cummings. A very young Natalie Wood is seen in the film directed by Irving Pichel.This was Stanwyck's last feature comedy. Some years later she complained to columnist Hedda Hopper I've always got my eye out for a good comedy. Remember Ball of Fire and The Lady Eve? But they don't seem to write that kind of comedy anymore -- just a series of gags.
 Kudavattor is a small village of the Kottarakara Taluk in the Kollam district of the Indian state of Kerala well known for its agricultural atmosphere and natural beauty of the landscape. In the local Malayalam language kuda means umbrella and vattor round thus it is common to see a special kind of traditional style umbrella in the area.
 We Are Smarter Than Me is a collaborative-writing project using wiki software whose initial goal was producing a book about decision making processes that use large numbers of people. The first book was published as a printed book late in 2007 by the publishing conglomerate Pearson Education.
 The John Mertz House at 610 W. Washington St. in Sandusky Ohio was built in 1909. It was designed and/or built by George Feick. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Zuni-Bandera volcanic field (also known as Bandera lava field Grants Malpais and Malpais volcanic field) is a volcanic field located in the state of New Mexico United States.The volcanic field has been considered for geothermal exploitation.
 Dargah (Persian: درگاه‎ also Romanized as Dargāh; also known as Dargāh-e Bālā and Dehgah) is a village in Dehshal Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1059 in 354 families.
 Ivor Graham Dent CM (February 7 1924 – March 29 2009) was a politician from Alberta Canada a mayor of Edmonton and a former candidate for the Canadian House of Commons and the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.
 Brookesia betschi commonly known as Blanc's leaf chameleon or the Marojejy leaf chameleon is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar. It was described by Édouard-Raoul Brygoo Patrick Blanc and Charles Antoine Domergue in 1974.
 Danger—Human is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Doubleday in 1970. It was subsequently published by DAW Books in 1973 as The Book of Gordon Dickson. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Astounding Analog Science Fiction and Fact If Galaxy Science Fiction and Fantasy and Science Fiction.
 The Green Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S. state of Vermont. The range runs primarily south to north and extends approximately 250 miles (400 km) from the border with Massachusetts to that with Quebec Canada. In Massachusetts the Green Mountains are known as The Berkshires while in Quebec they are called the Sutton Mountains or Monts Sutton.All mountains in Vermont are often referred to as the Green Mountains.
 Hohnstein Castle (German: Burg Hohnstein) is a one of the largest and best-preserved castle ruins in Germany and is located near Neustadt in the vicinity of Nordhausen in Thuringia.
 Shine Through the Stars is the first full-length studio album from the Christian rock band Chasen released on April 15 2008. Two singles have been released off the album; Crazy Beautiful and Drown. The first single Crazy Beautiful reached No. 1 on CRW’s Christian Contemporary Hit Radio (CHR) chart as well as the top 10 on R&R’s CHR chart.
 A.C.O.D. is a 2013 American comedy-drama film directed by Stu Zicherman based on a script by Zicherman and Ben Karlin and starring Adam Scott Amy Poehler Jessica Alba and Jane Lynch. The name of the film is an abbreviation for Adult Children of Divorce.Teddy Schwarzman is producing the film through his Black Bear Pictures production company.
 Elachista cylistica is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Australia.
 The New Continent is an album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie's Big Band featuring performances arranged and composed by Lalo Schifrin and conducted by Benny Carter recorded in 1962 and released on the Limelight label. The CD reissue added four bonus tracks originally released on An Electrifying Evening with the Dizzy Gillespie Quintet (Verve 1961).
 Mike Schaufler is a former Democratic member of the Oregon House of Representatives representing District 48 from 2003 to 2013.After growing up and graduating from high school in Webster City Iowa Mike developed an early interest in politics. He was an active participant in student council throughout his time in school ultimately attending the University of Iowa to pursue a B.A. in Political Science.
 Făclia Ţării (English: The Country Torch) was a newspaper from Chişinău Bessarabia founded in 1912.
 So Dark the Night is a 1946 American crime film noir directed by Joseph H. Lewis and written by Dwight V. Babcock Martin Berkeley based on a story written by Aubrey Wisberg. The drama features Steven Geray Micheline Cheirel Eugene Borden among others.
 The former Harmanus Bleecker Library is located at the intersection of Washington Avenue (New York State Route 5) and Dove Street in Albany New York United States. It is a brick and stone Classical Revival building constructed in the 1920s.
 Tango on intohimoni (or Tango is my Passion) is a novel about Finnish tango written by M. A. Numminen. It features Virtanen who is obsessed with the Finnish tango and is interpersed with a history of the Finnish tango.
 Collection is a 2002 compilation album from Swedish dansband Arvingarna.
 Hometown Guitar is the title of a recording by Chet Atkins. It peaked at number 17 on the Billboard Country Albums chart.
 Megachile perihirta commonly known as the Western leafcutting bee is a bee in the genus Megachile. The bee is native to western North America ranging from Nebraska to Texas and Mexico west to California and north to British Columbia and Alberta and often inhabits meadows and orchards. The bee is black with long whitish-yellow hair more so below the thorax and abdomen. The abdomen however is mostly bare although each segment has scattered whitish hair.
 Deh-e Hut (Persian: ده حوت‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩūt; also known as Dehḥūt) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 949 in 178 families.
 Victory is a Telugu film directed by Ravi. C. Kumar released in 2008. The film stars Nitin Kumar Reddy Mamta Mohandas Shashank and Sindhu Tolani in lead roles. The film is produced by Venkat under R.R. Movie Makers. This film was dubbed in Hindi as Kabzaa - The Mafia Raaj.Nitin plays the role of a vibrant energetic youngster who is also a well responsible boy. The film throws light on the dreaded Land Mafia. Nitin who fight against them at last wins over them.
 Kahlu Chal (Persian: كهلوچال‎ also Romanized as Kahlū Chāl) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Notophyson buckleyi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1895. It is found in Ecuador.
 Elacatinus horsti the Yellowline goby is a species of goby native to the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.
 Jean-Claude Gaudin (born 1939) is a French politician. He has been Mayor of Marseille since 1995 and Vice-President of the Senate since 1998; additionally he has been Vice-President of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) since 2002.
 Mark William Buesgens (born May 14 1961) is a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives representing District 35B which includes portions of Scott County in the southern Twin Cities metropolitan area. A Republican he is an educator by profession and is currently the business manager for the Saint Paul Conservatory for Performing Artists in Saint Paul.
 Philautus aurantium is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.It is endemic to Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād; also known as Abbas Abad Kharaghan Sharghi) is a village in Abgarm Rural District Abgarm District Buin Zahra County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 58 families.
 Close Escape is a 1989 Hong Kong crime action film directed by Chow Chun Wing and starring Max Mok Michael Miu and Aaron Kwok who acts in his debut film role.
 The Cordillera Blanca (Spanish for White Range) is a mountain range in the Ancash Region of Peru. Part of the larger Andes range it includes 33 major peaks over 5500 metres (18040 ft) high in an area 21 kilometres (13 mi) wide and 180 kilometres (112 mi) long.
 The White Moll is a lost 1920 silent film feature length crime drama directed by Harry Millarde and starring Pearl White. It was produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation. Pearl White's return to feature films and her first film for Fox Film Corporation.
 The False Bruce Spanworm or Eversmann's Peacock (Macaria loricaria) is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from Fennoscandia and the Baltic States to Sakhalin. It is also found in North America where it is found from Alaska to Newfoundland and New York south to Colorado.The wingspan is 25–29 mm for males. Females are wingless.
 Romanów [rɔˈmanuf] is an unincorporated village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienica Polska within Częstochowa County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Częstochowa and 48 km (30 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 308.
 Amtosaurus (/ˌɑːmtɵˈsɔrəs/; Kurzanov & Tumanova 1978) is a genus of ornithischian dinosaur based on a fragmentary skull collected from the Upper Cretaceous Bayanshiree Svita Formation (Cenomanian-Santonian) of Mongolia and originally believed to represent an ankylosaurid. Hadrosaurid affinities have also been suggested. However per Parish and Barrett this specimen is too fragmentary to be reliably classified beyond an indeterminate ornithischian. A second species assigned to the genus A.
 Fatal Contact (Chinese: 黑拳) is a 2006 Hong Kong martial arts film written produced and directed by Dennis Law and starring Wu Jing Ronald Cheng Miki Yeung Theresa Fu Cheung Siu-fai Ken Lo Andy On Lam Suet and Timmy Hung. Wu Jing played Kong Ko who is trained with the fighting techniques of Sanshou martial arts and lured into the world of illegal martial arts fighting.
 Mordellistena atrocincta is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1925 by Píc.
 William John Robert Billy Cavendish Marquess of Hartington (10 December 1917 – 9 September 1944) was an English politician. He was the eldest son of Edward William Spencer Cavendish and his wife Mary Alice Gascoyne-Cecil. He was the husband of Kathleen Agnes Kick Kennedy sister of future U.S. President John Fitzgerald Jack Kennedy.
 Wu Shiow-ming (Chinese: 吳秀明; pinyin: Wú Xiùmíng) is a politician in the Republic of China. He currently serves as the Chairperson of the Fair Trade Commission
 Yuranunt Pamornmontri (Thai: ยุรนันท์ ภมรมนตรี nicknamed Sam) (born January 2 1963) is a Thai actor and politician. He was Members of the House of Representatives from 2005 to 2006 when Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra was deposed in a military coup and convicted in absentia for a conflict of interest. He was born in Bangkok and started his career as actor. He was elected as party-list MP again in 2011 general election substituting resigned Police Lieutenant General Chatt Kuldilok.
 Swannia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Robert L. Bob Hawks is a Democratic Party member of the Montana Senate. He represented District 33 from 2004 to 2012. He was unable to run for re-election in 2012 due to Montana's term limits.
 Togetherness Supreme is a 2010 Kenyan film.
 The Journal of Religious & Theological Information is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Routledge that covers research in the field of library and information studies as relating to religious studies and related fields including philosophy ethnic studies anthropology sociology and history.
 Minicorona are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Minicorona tricarpa which is found in South Africa.
 Meza meza the Common Missile is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Senegal Guinea-Bissau Guinea Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of disturbed and successional forests.Adults are attracted to flowers.The larvae feed on Paspalum conjugatum.
 Drenovo is a village in Petrich Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Kahnanzeh (Persian: كهنان زه‎ also Romanized as Kahnānzeh; also known as Kahanzeh and Kahnazeh) is a village in Talang Rural District Talang District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nelson Albano (born March 11 1954) is an American Democratic Party politician who serves in the New Jersey General Assembly where he represents the 1st Legislative District having taken office on January 10 2006. Albano was elected to the Assembly on November 8 2005 unseating John C.
 Catchacoma Lake is a lake located in the Kawartha Highlands of Ontario Canada.
 The Runcu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Cadlina excavata is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 The Tenth Street Bridge is a concrete arch bridge in Great Falls Montana spanning the Missouri River. The bridge was designed by engineer Ralph Adams of Spokane Washington and Great Falls architect George Shanley and was completed in 1920. It was the longest open-spandrel ribbed concrete arch bridge in Montana.The construction of a new bridge at Ninth Street in the 1990s made the bridge redundant and it was proposed for demolition.
 Implicit Meanings: Essays in Anthropology is a collection of essays written in the 1950s 1960s and 1970s by the influential social anthropologist and cultural theorist Mary Douglas.
 The Smothers Brothers at the Purple Onion released May 1 1961 on Mercury Records was the first album released by the Smothers Brothers and established their reputation as folk music satirists. The Purple Onion is a celebrated comedy and music club in the North Beach area of San Francisco that launched the careers of the Kingston Trio and Phyllis Diller in addition to the Smothers Brothers.
 Lying to the Moon is the debut album of American country music singer Matraca Berg. It was released in 1990 via RCA Records Nashville. The album accounted for the singles Baby Walk On The Things You Left Undone I Got It Bad and I Must Have Been Crazy. Berg co-wrote all ten of the tracks.
 Itaharwa is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3362 persons living in 562 individual households.
 Black Chew Head in Saddleworth in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham is the highest point or county top of Greater Manchester in northern England. It stands on moorland on the edge of the Peak District at a height of 542 metres (1778 ft) above sea level. The higher part of the Chew Valley is across the border with High Peak in Derbyshire. Black Chew Head is an outlying part of Black Hill meaning Kinder Scout is its parent peak.
 Katebennuru is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 Leftback is the fourth and final studio album by Little Brother. It was released on April 21 2010 via Hall of Justus Records.
 Motherfuckers Be Trippin' is the sixth studio album by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers. It was released on April 22 2003 on the band's own label Mid-Fi Recordings. The album's title comes from the name jokingly announced by the New Bomb Turks as the title of their upcoming album while on tour with Supersuckers. When the Supersuckers went into the studio to record their next album they put it down as a working title as an inside joke.
 Chamaesipho brunnea is an intertidal barnacle common in New Zealand on North Island and South Island north of Stewart Island. Juveniles have six shell wall plates reducing to four in adults and with age all plates become concrescent with no trace of sutures inside or out. Shell is brown colored.
 David 'Dave' L. Young is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Colorado House of Representatives representing District 50 since his appointment July 28 2011 to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Jim Riesberg.
 Shanagarry (Irish: An Seangharraí meaning the old garden) is a village in east County Cork in Ireland. The village is located along Ireland's south coast and is known for the Ballymaloe Cookery School the home and gardens of celebrity chef Darina Allen. The castle given to William Penn before he settled in Pennsylvania and started his Holy Experiment is also situated here approximately 2 miles from the house he was born in.
 Rhubarb was a 1969 British short film written and directed by Eric Sykes starring Sykes and Harry Secombe. The dialogue consisted entirely of repetitions of the word rhubarb all the characters last names were Rhubarb and even the license plates on vehicles were RHU BAR B. A baby spoke by holding a sign with the word Rhubarb written on it.Rhubarb is a radio idiom for unintelligible background speech.
 José María Maravall Herrero (born 1942 in Madrid) is a Spanish academic and politician of the Spanish Socialist Party (PSOE). Maravall was Spanish Minister of Education and Science between 1982 and 1988 and was elected to the Spanish Parliament in 1986 representing Valencia Province. Maravall eventually returned to academic life where he has continued his study of politics.
 Mała Kłoda [ˈmawa ˈkwɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 China's Wild West is a 2009 British documentary directed by Urszula Pontikos.The film received its world premiere at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival its European premiere at the 2009 One World Film Festival. It won Prix du Jeune Public at the 2009 Anûû-rû âboro International Film Festival in New Caledonia.
 Colostethus elachyhistus is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Silas P. Smith Opera House now known as Doddridge County Public Library is a historic theatre located at West Union Doddridge County West Virginia. It was built in 1900 and is a two story brick commercial building measuring 40 feet wide and 70 feet deep. It has simple Romanesque Revival style architectural details. The building has housed the Doddridge County Public Library since 1965.
 Lipovica (Serbian Cyrillic: Липовица) is a village in Despotovac municipality in the Pomoravlje District of Serbia.
 Afrotheora rhodaula is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from South Africa.
 Owrazan (Persian: اورازان‎ also Romanized as Owrāzān Āvrāzān and Ūrāzān; also known as Deh-e Avrāzān and Durasān) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District in the Central District of Taleqan County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 208 in 76 families.
 Illsee is a natural lake used as a reservoir above Sierre in the Valais Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.21 km². Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Old Man and the Sea is a 1958 film starring Spencer Tracy in a portrayal for which he was nominated for a best actor Oscar. The screenplay (the most literal word-for-word rendition of a written story ever filmed) was adapted by Peter Viertel from the novella of the same name by Ernest Hemingway and the film was directed by John Sturges.
 Gurchin (Persian: گورچين‎ also Romanized as Gūrchīn; also known as Gogarchīn and Gowgar Chīn) is a village in Mehranrud-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Bostanabad County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 727 in 119 families.
 Essential Selection Presents Music From The Motion Picture Human Traffic is a soundtrack album to the British independent film Human Traffic both released in 1999. It includes music by some of the most famous contemporary dance music producers. The second CD is mixed by renowned English DJ Pete Tong.
 Pehkwin is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 The Aldridge Hotel dates from 1930. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995 and is today used as senior citizen housing.
 Felix Kipatarus Koskei (born 1964) is a Kenyan who was nominated by President Uhuru Kenyatta as Cabinet Secretary for Agriculture Livestock and Fisheries on 25 April 2013.
 William M. Hart-Bennett CMG (1861–1918) was a British government official who served overseas. He was a British colonial minister in Nassau Bahamas and a Governor of British Honduras (now known as Belize) from January 29 1918 to September 4 1918 and before that was employed as Colonial Secretary of the Bahamas.Hart-Bennett was married to Ella Mary Tuck the daughter of Charles E. Tuck of Norwich Ontario. Ella was an author and a prominent figure in Naussau's society.
 The Wrentham Village Premium Outlets is an open-air outlet power center owned by the Simon Property Group. It is located off of I-495 and Route 1A in Wrentham Massachusetts. The facility opened in 1997 and was expanded in 1998 1999 and 2000. With 616000 sq ft (57200 m2) and 170 retailers it has been credited as the reason for the downfall of the nearby smaller Worcester Common Outlets which closed in 2006.
 Gynacantha is a genus of dragonflies in the family Aeshnidae. The females have two prominent spines under the last abdominal segment. This gives the genus name (from Greek female and thorn) and the common name Two-spined Darners. They are also commonly known as Duskhawkers.The genus contains the following species:
 Barmacheh-ye Bala Mahal (Persian: برمچه بالا محل‎ also Romanized as Barmacheh-ye Bālā Maḩal; also known as Barmache Barmacheh and Barmacheh-ye Bālā Maḩalleh) is a village in Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District Khomam District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 383 in 113 families.
 Storm Front is a 2000 novel by science fiction and fantasy author Jim Butcher. It is the first novel in The Dresden Files his first published series that follows the character of Harry Dresden professional wizard.
 Grammia complicata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found on south-eastern Vancouver Island and several Gulf Islands of British Columbia and Washington. The habitat consists of dry Garry Oak meadows and sandy beaches.The length of the forewings is 15.7 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is black with pale buff to yellowish-ochre bands. The hindwings are pale whitish yellow varying to yellow or rarely yellowish orange. The markings are black.
 Redeemer is the third album by D'espairsRay released on March 11 2009 in Japan. The album was released in Europe on May 24 2009.The album has also been released in the United States at Hot Topic and other record stores.The album debuted at #39 on the Oricon Charts with 4032 copies sold.[citation needed]
 L'Hôpital Universitaire Justinien is the main hospital in the second largest city in Haiti Cap-Haïtien. It is located close to the center of the city near the Place d'Armes Cathedral. The hospital is named after Justinien Etienne a local magistrate who spearheaded and oversaw the construction of the hospital. Justinien Hospital began as a hospice in 1890 and was later transformed into a hospital in 1920 during the United States occupation in Haiti.
 Tin Planet is the second album from Liverpool-based Britpop group Space. It was released on 9 March 1998 and peaked at #3 in the UK charts two places higher than their debut album Spiders.The songs Avenging Angels The Ballad of Tom Jones (a duet with Catatonia's Cerys Matthews) Begin Again and Bad Days were released as singles all hitting top 40.
 The Shops at Mission Viejo is an upscale shopping mall located in Mission Viejo California. It is the southernmost mall in Orange County and is anchored by Macy's Nordstrom and Forever 21. The Shops at Mission Viejo is managed by Simon Malls.
 Dondestan is the sixth studio album by Robert Wyatt. It was released in 1991.
 The Arthur Child Heritage Museum of the 1000 Islands is a museum in Gananoque Ontario Canada that interprets the history and ecology of Gananoque and the 1000 Islands.The Museum's Mission Statement: The Historic Thousand Islands Village Foundation operating as the Arthur Child Heritage Museum of the Thousand Islands is a non-profit charitable organization dedicated to creating exhibits and archives collecting and preserving artifacts that interpret the unique history life and times of the Thousand Islands Region and its communities.
 Parafodina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Wójty [ˈvui̯tɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 32 kilometres (20 mi) north-east of Wołomin and 54 km (34 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 The Unborn is a 2009 American supernatural horror-thriller film written and directed by David S. Goyer. The film stars Odette Yustman as a young woman who is tormented by a ghost (a dybbuk) and seeks help from a rabbi (Gary Oldman). The dybbuk seeks to use her death as a gateway to physical existence. The film is produced by Michael Bay and Platinum Dunes. It was released in American theaters on January 9 2009 by Rogue Pictures.
 People of the World is a studio album by Jamaican reggae singer Burning Spear.It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album at the 30th Grammy Awards in 1988.
 Elle: A Modern Cinderella Tale is a 2010 family film directed by John and Sean Dunson and starring Ashlee Hewitt and Sterling Knight. The screenplay was written by Bo Ransdell Ryan Dean and Thomas Martin and produced by Sean Dunson John Dunson and Carlucci Weyant.Hewitt stars as Elle Daniels an intern who dreams of becoming a singer. Hewitt announced to fans she was filming for the movie on June 20 2009 while Knight's involvement was confirmed on March 5 2010.
 March on the Drina is a 1964 Yugoslav war film co-written and directed by Žika Mitrović. The film was released by the Avala Film studio in Belgrade. The screenplay was written by Žika Mitrović and Arsen Diklić. The title is derived from the eponymous 1914 musical composition by Stanislav Binicki.The film is based on a historical event the Battle of Cer which took place in 1914 during World War I.
 Thaprek is a Village Development Committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3585 people residing in 632 individual households.
 The Cato Journal is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal which covers public policy from an Austro-libertarian point of view. It was established in 1981 and is published by Cato Institute a Washington D.C.-based libertarian think tank. It publishes articles discussing politics and economy. According to the Cato Institute website the journal is a free-market public policy journal ...
 James M. Murphy is an American state legislator serving in the Massachusetts House of Representatives since 2001. He is a Weymouth resident and a member of the Democratic Party. He attended Boston College High School Merrimack College and Suffolk University Law School. Before election to the Massachusetts House he was an Assistant District Attorney for Norfolk County Massachusetts. He represents the 4th Norfolk district comprising most of Weymouth and one precinct of Hingham Massachusetts.
 James H. Jim Morrissey (born May 10 1930) is an American politician. He was a Republican Assemblyman from California's 69th State Assembly district from 1994 to 1998.
 Duck Soup is a 1933 Marx Brothers anarchic comedy film written by Bert Kalmar and Harry Ruby with additional dialogue by Arthur Sheekman and Nat Perrin and directed by Leo McCarey. First released theatrically by Paramount Pictures on November 17 1933 it starred what were then billed as the Four Marx Brothers (Groucho Harpo Chico and Zeppo) and also featured Margaret Dumont Raquel Torres Louis Calhern and Edgar Kennedy.
 Renaat Julien Landuyt (born 28 January 1959 in Ypres West Flanders) is a Belgian socialist politician. He is a member of the SP.A.Renaat Landuyt became a licentiate in law in 1982 and has been an attorney since then. He was first elected to the Belgian House of Representatives in 1991 where he served until 1999. From 1995 to 1999 he served as a quaestor of the House.
 Delhi-6 (Hindi: दिल्ली 6) is a 2009 Hindi-language Indian drama film directed by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra and starring Abhishek Bachchan Sonam Kapoor Om Puri Waheeda Rahman Rishi Kapoor Atul Kulkarni Deepak Dobriyal and Divya Dutta. The story is reportedly based on Mehra's growing up years in Chandni Chowk area of Old Delhi. The number 6 refers to the Postal Index Number (PIN) code of Chandni Chowk area of Old Delhi a shortened form of 110006.
 The Lost Fleet: Courageous is the third book in Jack Campbell's The Lost Fleet series that was published in 2007.
 William L. 'Bill' Ogg was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1995-2002. His district consisted of Scioto County Ohio. He was succeeded in 2003 by Todd Book.His son William K. Ogg is the Scioto County treasurer and both are members of the Scioto County Democratic Party Hall of Fame.
 The M. Pico Building built in 1915 on the site of a wooden lodge hall that had burned down is an historic 2-story redbrick building located on the corner of Monroe and Main streets N.W. across the street from the Lafayette County Courthouse in Mayo Florida. In 1989 it was listed in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture prepared by the Florida Association of the American Institute of Architects and published by the University of Florida Press.The M.
 Sir Thomas Leigh (c. 1509 – November 17 1571) was Lord Mayor of London in 1558.
 The Jewish Cemetery of New Bedford Massachusetts is located in the far north of the city on Old Plainville Road just north of New Bedford Regional Airport. The cemetery was established in 1898 as the principal burying ground for two congregations Chesed Shel Emes and Ahavath Achim. It is the second Jewish cemetery in the city; the first a small section of Peckham West Cemetery was filled up in the 1890s.
 Putzarer See is a lake in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 7.3 m its surface area is 1.68 km2 (1 sq mi).
 Aphnaeus neavei Neave’s Highflier is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in north-eastern Kenya. The habitat consists of dry savanna at altitudes below 200 meters.
 The Wyndham Werewolves series is a paranormal romance book series by MaryJanice Davidson. The series is about the Wyndham werewolf pack and focuses on various characters throughout the series.
 The Verkhovna Rada building (Ukrainian: Будинок Верховної Ради) is located in the center of Kiev the Pechersk Raion. The building is located at the Constitution Square.It is the place where the Ukrainian parliament (Verkhovna Rada) meets for all regular and ceremonial sessions. The building was erected between 1936–38 to a design by Volodymyr Zabolotny (Vladimir Zabolotny) in the neo-classical Ukrainian architectural style of the Stalin era.
 Richard-Stanislas Cooke (January 23 1850 – July 10 1924) was a politician from Quebec Canada.
 Retreat Through the Wet Wasteland (濡れた荒野を走れ Nureta koya o hashire) is a 1973 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Yukihiro Sawada and starring Yuri Yamashina and Takeo Chii.
 The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Florei River in Romania.
 Into the Skyline is the second studio album by English dance artist Cathy Dennis. It was released in May 1992. Written with an aim toward the U.S. market. The album featured the singles You Lied to Me Irresistible Moments of Love Falling and Why - the latter was credited to D Mob with Cathy Dennis. The album got to #8 in the UK Album Chart whilst in the U.S.
 The Cat Who Could Read Backwards is the first novel in Lilian Jackson Braun's The Cat Who... series published in 1966.
 A Story Tale is an album by jazz saxophonists Clifford Jordan and Sonny Red which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Jazzland label.
 Naveen Chawla is a former Chief Election Commissioner of India. Four phases (out of five) of the Indian general election to Loksabha were executed under his supervision in April and May 2009.Chawla is best known for his pro-Indira Gandhi stance as secretary to the lieutenant governor of Delhi during the (1975–77) Indian Emergency and for his biography of Mother Teresa.
 Thought: A Journal of Philosophy is a twice-annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell for the Northern Institute of Philosophy. The journal covers logic philosophy of maths philosophy of mind epistemology philosophy of language and metaphysics. The editors-in-chief are Crispin Wright (New York University) John Divers (University of Leeds) and Carrie Jenkins (University of British Columbia).
 Rock N Roll Experience Magazine is a Maryland based publication that started out in 1992 as a print zine & switched over to an online zine in 2000. Rock N Roll Experience is devoted to music and popular culture and is updated daily with reviews and interviews.
 Ibuki (いぶき) is the seventh original album by the Japanese taiko group Kodō (鼓童).
 John Heriot's Wife (Dutch: De vrouw van de minister) is a 1920 Dutch-British silent crime film directed by Maurits Binger.
 Nimeh Kareh (Persian: نيمه كاره‎ also Romanized as Nīmeh Kāreh; also known as Neşfeh Kār and Nīmeh Kār) is a village in Zamkan Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 411 in 90 families.
 Coleophora fretella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Spain Italy Serbia and Montenegro Greece and Turkey.
 Millapitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Turanovac is a village in Croatia.
 Prince Yeonsan (연산군 - Yeonsan gun) is a 1961 South Korean film directed by Shin Sang-ok. Among several awards including Best Actor and Best Actress it was chosen as Best Film at the first Grand Bell Awards ceremony.
 The Life of the Party is a 1930 American musical comedy film photographed entirely in Technicolor. The musical numbers of this film were cut out before general release in the United States because the public had grown tired of musicals by late 1930. Only one song was left in the picture. The complete film was released intact in countries outside the United States where a backlash against musicals never occurred. It is unknown whether a copy of this full version still exists.
 The Jorquera River is a river of Chile.
 Museo ItaloAmericano also known as the Italian American Museum is a museum in San Francisco California the only to focus solely on Italian and Italian-American art and culture. The nonprofit museum was founded in 1978 and is located within the Fort Mason Center.
 Ohmwork is an album by GZR. It was originally released on May 10 2005 in the United States and on May 9 2005 in the United Kingdom. The artwork was done by Lawrence Azarad of LAdesign.
 The Best of Barbara Mandrell is a compilation album by American country music singer Barbara Mandrell released in January 1979.The Best of Barbara Mandrell covered most of Mandrell's biggest hits from the mid to late 70s. It includes the #1 Sleeping Single In a Double Bed other Top 10s including Tonight Standing Room Only and Woman to Woman.
 The Unteraar Glacier (Unteraargletscher in German) is the larger of the two sources of the Aar river in the Bernese Alps. It emerges from the association of the Finsteraar Glacier (near the Finsteraarhorn) and the Lauteraar Glacier (near the Lauteraarhorn) and flows for about 6 km (3.7 mi) to the east down to the Grimselsee near the Grimsel Pass. In total the glacier is 12.95 km (8.05 mi) long and 29.48 km2 (11.38 sq mi) in area (1973).
 Lucy Elizabeth Cardon Rampton (August 10 1914 – January 23 2004) was the First Lady of Utah between 1965 and 1977.
 Candidula intersecta is a species of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.This snail can be a pest species in agricultural settings.
 21st Century Spin is the second studio album of British indie band Dissident Prophet under the name Maccabees. Produced and Engineered by Tom Livemore and Dissident Prophet. It was independently released in the UK on their own TAX Records label on January 2002.
 Martinton is a village in Martinton Township Iroquois County Illinois United States. The population was 375 at the 2000 census.
 The General (2008) is the tenth novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore. The primary action of the novel is set in the Nevada desert during a joint training exercise.
 Shah Maleki (Persian: شاه ملكي‎ also Romanized as Shāh Malekī Shāh Molkī and Shāh Malakī; also known as Chāh Malakī and Shāh Mālīkī) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 483 in 101 families.
 Capell Lane Weems (July 7 1860 - January 5 1913) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.Born in Whigville Ohio Weems attended the common schools and normal academy Caldwell Ohio. He studied law was admitted to the bar in 1883 and commenced practice in Caldwell.Weems was elected prosecuting attorney of Noble County in 1884. He served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1888 and 1889. He moved to St.
 Lanka Dahan (English: Lanka Aflame) is a 1917 Indian silent film directed by Dhundiraj Govind Phalke (Dadasaheb Phalke). Phalke also wrote the film based on an episode of the Hindu epic Ramayana credited to Valmiki. The film was Phalke's second feature film after the 1913 Raja Harishchandra which was the first Indian full-length feature film.
 The Electric Horseman is a 1979 album by country singer Willie Nelson and the soundtrack to the Sydney Pollack film The Electric Horseman.
 The Solomon Nightengale House (or Nightingale) is a historic house at 429 Granite Street in Quincy Massachusetts.The house shown in the image is at the correct address (429 Granite Street) and lot as verified by reference to the site map provided on the Massachusetts Historical Commission report precedent to its nomination to the National Register.
 Bridge 634 Northern Central Railway is a historic stone arch railroad bridge in Shrewsbury Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1871 and measures about 80-foot-long (24 m) overall. The brown limestone and brick bridge was built by the Northern Central Railway and crosses a roadway and Codorus Creek.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The O.K. Range also spelled OK Range is a mountain range in northern British Columbia Canada located northeast of Terrace. It has an area of 347 km2 and is a subrange of the Bulkley Ranges which in turn form part of the Hazelton Mountains.
 Sir James Alexander Milne Marjoribanks KCMG (29 May 1911 – 29 January 2002) was a career diplomat in the British Foreign Service and became British ambassador to the European Economic Community. He presented Britain's application to join the European Community in 1967 and was instrumental in this application becoming successful.
 Ciborowice [t͡ɕibɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Proszowice and 34 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 150.
 Death of a Citizen is a 1960 spy novel by Donald Hamilton and was the first in a long-running series of books featuring the adventures of assassin Matt Helm.
 The Princess and the Pilot (とある飛空士への追憶 To Aru Hikūshi e no Tsuioku Recollections for a Certain Pilot) is a 2011 Japanese anime film based on the fantasy light novel of the same name by Koroku Inumura. It was released in Japanese cinemas on 1 October 2011.To Aru Hikūshi e no Tsuioku is a joint production by Japanese animation studios Madhouse and TMS Entertainment and it was directed by the director Jun Shishido. The cast of this film was officially revealed on 19 May 2011.
 Esfanjan (Persian: اسفنجان‎ also Romanized as Esfanjān) is a village in Sahand Rural District in the Central District of Osku County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3660 in 1060 families.
 Play God is the 1991 album by heavy metal band Reverend. This album was Reverend's second (and last) full-length release. Play God also marks the departure of bassist Dennis O'Hara and drummer Rick Basha who were replaced by Angelo Espino and Jason Ian respectively. This album includes a cover of Creedence Clearwater Revival's Fortunate Son.
 Bye Bye Bluebird is a 1999 Danish-Faroese comedy film directed by Katrin Ottarsdóttir and starring Hildigunn Eyðfinsdóttir and Sigri Mitra Gaïni. The satirical film relates the tale of two eccentric young women who after years abroad return to their native Faroe Islands and embark on a strange road trip. The film received awards at several film festivals including Lübeck Nordic Film Festival Rouen Nordic Film Festival and the International Film Festival Rotterdam.
 Götzenstein is an Odenwald mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Livadh lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Livadhit or Albanian: Shterbaqko; Serbian: Штрбачко језеро Štrbačko jezero or Ливадичко језеро Livadičko jezero) is a mountain lake in the Shar Mountains in Kosovo. It lies at an elevation of 2173 m (7129 ft) above sea level and has a maximum length of 228 m (748 ft) and a maximum width of 120 m (394 ft). It has a great depth for a mountain lake with 7.30 m (24.0 ft) being the maximum depth.
 Lionville Historic District is a national historic district located in Uwchlan Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The district includes 39 contributing buildings in the crossroads community of Lionville. The buildings date to the 18th and 19th century and include a variety of residential commercial and institutional buildings and outbuildings.
 Diamonds is a 1999 comedy film directed by John Mallory Asher and written by Allan Aaron Katz. The film stars Kirk Douglas Dan Aykroyd Lauren Bacall Jenny McCarthy and Corbin Allred.
 Je te mangerais (literally I could eat you in English; marketed under the title You Will be Mine) is a French movie written and directed by Sophie Laloy.
 Leon United Methodist Church now known as the Leon Historical Society Museum is a historic United Methodist church building located at Leon in Cattaraugus County New York. It was constructed in 1836 and is in the Gothic Revival style. It was also known as Leon Methodist Episcopal Church.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Mordella schwarzi is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1945.
 Lane Motor Museum is located in Nashville Tennessee and features a unique collection of mostly European automobiles.
 Toxorhamphus is a genus of bird in the Melanocharitidae family. They are commonly known as longbills and were once thought to be in the honeyeater family. The genus is endemic to the islands of New Guinea. It contains the following species: Yellow-bellied Longbill (Toxorhamphus novaeguineae) Slaty-headed Longbill (Toxorhamphus poliopterus)
 Captives of the Flame is a 1963 science fantasy novel by Samuel R. Delany and is the first novel in the Fall of the Towers trilogy. The novel was originally published as Ace Double F-199 together with The Psionic Menace by Keith Woodcott (a pseudonym of John Brunner).
 Janardhana Swamy is a Member of Parliament (Lok Sabha) India. He is elected to the 15th Lok Sabha on 2009 and is representing the Chitradurga Lok Sabha Constituency in the Parliament of India.
 Undi (Telugu: ఉండి) is a village and a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.It is located about 39 kilometers from Eluru town.
 The Mapocho River (Spanish: Río Mapocho) (Mapudungun: Mapu chuco water that penetrates the land) flows from the Andes mountains onto the west and divides Chile's capital Santiago in two.
 Madame Bovary is an upcoming drama film directed by Sophie Barthes and starring Mia Wasikowska Paul Giamatti and Ezra Miller. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Gustave Flaubert.
 Wilsing is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies due north of the crater Plummer and farther to the north of the huge walled plain Apollo. Wilsing is located just inside the rim of the immense South Pole-Aitken basin.This is a heavily worn formation with the smaller satellite crater Wilsing Z lying prominently across the northern half of the interior floor.
 The Louis Rehm Barn near Hebron North Dakota United States was built in 1917. It was built by Adam Rehm and in 1994 was owned by Armin Rehm. It is also known as the Armin Rehm Barn. The barn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. The barn got electricity in 1918.
 The Lesser Peachtree Borer (Synanthedon pictipes) is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from the eastern half of Canada and the United States westward to Minnesota in the north and eastern Texas in the south.The wingspan is 18-25 mm. Adults are black with a metallic sheen and whitish yellowish markings on the head and thorax and a narrow band on the abdomen. The wings are transparent. Males and females are similar but males are more slender and have a finely tufted antenna.
 Save Me Plz is a fantasy short story by David Barr Kirtley. The story originally appeared in the October 2007 issue of Realms of Fantasy magazine and was selected for the anthology Fantasy: The Best of the Year 2008 Edition. The story follows Meg a recent college graduate who learns that her ex-boyfriend Devon whom she broke up with due to his video game addiction has vanished without a trace.
 Ozias Goodwin House is a historic house at 7 Jackson Avenue in Boston Massachusetts.The house was built in 1795 and added to the National Historic Register in 1988.
 The Songs of Kings was a novel published in 2002 by Barry Unsworth that retells the story of Iphigenia at Aulis told by the Greek tragic poet Euripides.
 Fengming a Chinese Memoir (simplified Chinese: 和凤鸣; traditional Chinese: 和鳳鳴; pinyin: Hé Fèngmíng) also known as Chronicle of a Chinese Woman is a 2007 Chinese documentary film directed by Wang Bing. The film consists almost entirely of an interview with the elderly He Fengming recounting her experiences in post-1949 China.
 Ma. Alicia Austria-Martinez (born Ma. Alicia Austria December 19 1940 Manila) is a Filipino jurist who served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 2002 to 2009. She was appointed to the Court by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo on April 12 2002.
 Life Death and Other Morbid Tales is the second album by Memento Mori. It was released in 1994 by Black Mark Productions.
 For the Polish organization see Biuro Szyfrów for the U.S. intelligence agency see Black Chamber.Cipher Bureau is a 1938 American film directed by Charles Lamont. Leon Ames plays the head of a listening agency in Washington DC dedicated to breaking up a foreign radio-spy ring enlisting his naval-officer brother and tangling with beautiful spies. The film was successful enough to cause a sequel Panama Patrol.
 Blood Song (also known Dream Slayer) is a 1982 horror film directed by Robert Angus and Alan J. Levi produced by Frank Avianca and Lenny Montana and starring Frankie Avalon.
 Rome is an album written by the American music producer Danger Mouse and the Italian composer Daniele Luppi. The album took five years to make and was inspired by the music from spaghetti westerns.The album was recorded using vintage equipment and as well as featuring musicians who recorded spaghetti western soundtracks also features a reunited Cantori Moderni – the choir put together by Alessandro Alessandroni – which features on the soundtrack to The Good the Bad and the Ugly.
 Robert J. Bob Mellow is a Democratic politician and former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate who represented the 22nd District from 1971 to 2010. He also served as the Minority Floor Leader and President pro tempore.
 Nan Madol is an album by Finnish avant-garde jazz composer bandleader and drummer Edward Vesala originally released on the JAPO label in 1974 and re-released on the ECM label in 1976.
 Gandab-e Sofla (Persian: گنداب سفلي‎ also Romanized as Gandāb-e Soflá) is a village in Horr Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 18 families.
 Progress Live is the twelfth album released by British pop band Take That. It is also the band's second live album to date and was released as a double disc album in Europe on 21 November 2011 and in the UK on 28 November 2011. The album was recorded during their Progress Live tour at Wembley Stadium in London and Etihad Stadium in Manchester in June and July 2011.
 Rangila Jawan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 National Lampoon's 301: The Legend of Awesomest Maximus is a 2011 comedy film directed by Jeff Kanew starring Will Sasso. It was released on August 5 2011. It was released on DVD on March 20 2012.
 The King Kong Grosbeak or Giant Grosbeak (Chloridops regiskongi) is a prehistoric species of Hawaiian honeycreeper that was endemic to Hawaiʻi. It had the largest beak of the three Chloridops species known to have existed. The King Kong Grosbeak was described from fossils found at Barber's Point and Ulupau Head on the island of Oʻahu. It was 11 inches (28 cm) long making it one of the largest Hawaiian honeycreepers.
 Dentimargo ratzingeri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Other People's Money is a 1991 drama/romantic comedy film starring Danny DeVito Gregory Peck and Penelope Ann Miller. It is based on the play of the same name by Jerry Sterner the film adaptation being directed by veteran Norman Jewison and written by Alvin Sargent.This was the last substantial feature film role of Gregory Peck. He did appear in one other 1991 release Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear (coincidentally a remake of one his most famous films) but only briefly as a Southern lawyer.
 Pericoptus frontalis is a New Zealand native sand scarab which inhabits sandy river-banks and sandbars in inland Otago.
 Thus Spoke Zarathustra: A Book for All and None (German: Also sprach Zarathustra: Ein Buch für Alle und Keinen also translated as Thus Spake Zarathustra) is a philosophical novel by German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche composed in four parts between 1883 and 1885. Much of the work deals with ideas such as the eternal recurrence of the same the parable on the death of God and the prophecy of the Übermensch which were first introduced in The Gay Science.
 Orthocomotis mediana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Tungurahua Province Pichincha Province Napo Province Morona-Santiago Province) and Peru.The wingspan is 21-24.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream white white in the terminal area and grey in the dorsal and basal portions. There are brown dots with a fewrust scales on the interfasciae and green scales on the markings which are dark brown. The hindwings are greyish brown.
 Paul Lawrence Toole an Australian politician is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Bathurst for the National Party of Australia since 26 March 2011.
 Sükhbaataryn Batbold (Mongolian: Сүхбаатарын Батболд born June 24 1963) is a Mongolian politician who was Prime Minister of Mongolia from 2009 to 2012 as well as General Secretary of the Mongolian People's Party. He was previously Minister of Foreign Affairs in the government of his predecessor Sanjaagiin Bayar.
 Jatinga Ityadi (Assamese: জাতিঙ্গা ইত্যাদি) is an Assamese language film directed by Sanjib Sabhapandit. The film was screened in the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) 2007 in the Indian Panorama section. The film depicts the current scenario of militancy in Assam.
 Special is a 2006 drama film written and directed by Hal Haberman and Jeremy Passmore. It was released in theatres in the UK on November 17 2006 and on DVD in the UK on March 5 2007. It was released in theatres in the US on November 21 2008.
 The Connection is the Debut Album by American Rapper DeLon. It was officially released on September 27 2005. The first single from 'The Connection' was 'Calor De La Salsa'. Calor De La Salsa peaked on the Billboard charts at No.15 <- Calor De La Salsa on Billboard and established DeLon as the First Sri Lankan to ever chart on the US Billboard Charts.
 Spectroscopy is a trade magazine published since 1985 by the Advanstar Publishers.
 Burak-e Sofla (Persian: بورك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Būrak-e Soflá) is a village in Zilayi Rural District Margown District Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 79 families.
 The Moon Maiden is a science fiction novel by Garrett P. Serviss. It was first published in book form in 1978 by William L. Crawford without imprint in an edition of 500 copies. The novel originally appeared in the magazine Argosy in 1915.
 The Moldoveanul River or Recea River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 Ashton is a village in Sherman County Nebraska United States. The population was 194 at the 2010 census.
 Vaceuchelus vallesi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae.
 Billy Budd Sailor (1924) is a novella begun in November 1888 by American author Herman Melville left unfinished at his death in 1891 and published in 1924. It was acclaimed by British critics as a masterpiece when published in London and quickly took its place among the canon of significant works in the United States.The novella was discovered in manuscript form in 1919 by Raymond M. Weaver who was studying Melville's papers as his first biographer.
 Soltan Nasir (Persian: سلطان نصير‎ also Romanized as Solţān Naşīr; also known as Sultān Nasīr) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 8 families.
 John William Ward 1st Earl of Dudley PC FRS (9 August 1781 – 6 March 1833) known as the Honourable John Ward from 1788 to 1823 and as the 4th Viscount Dudley and Ward from 1823 to 1827 was a British politician. He served as Foreign Secretary from 1827 to 1828.
 Maninder Singh Dhir (known as MS Dhir) is an Indian politician who has been Speaker of the Delhi Legislative Assembly since 2014. A member of the Aam Aadmi Party he was elected to the Assembly in December 2013 as a candidate in Jangpura constituency.
 Brudzyno [bruˈd͡zɨnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Staurotypinae are a subfamily of the Kinosternidae family of aquatic turtles which contains the genera Claudius and Staurotypus.
 The Peruvian fish-eating rat (Neusticomys peruviensis) is a species of semiaquatic rodent in the family Cricetidae. It is found only in eastern Peru where it is known from locations at elevations from 200 to 400 m.
 The Storyman is singer Chris de Burgh's 16th original album released in 2006. The album is a collection of songs with accompanying stories.
 Kireçli is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 353 people.
 The Rawhide Buttes Stage Station the Running Water Stage Station and the Cheyenne-Black Hills Stage Route comprise a historic district that commemorates the stage coach route between Cheyenne Wyoming and Deadwood South Dakota. The route operated from 1876 to 1887 when it was replaced by a railroad.The Rawhide Buttes station was demolished in 1973 after having functioned as a ranch headquarters.
 The Valea de Pruni River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Tylwica-Kolonia [tɨlˈvit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Michałowo and 23 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Saurita tijuca is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).
 The Boulder Mountains are a mountain range running north–south west of Boulder between Helena and Butte in the U.S. state of Montana. Parts of the range are in four different counties: Deer Lodge Jefferson Lewis and Clark and Silver Bow.Haystack Mountain which reaches 8819 feet (2688 m) is the tallest peak in the range. The three other highest peaks are Jack Mountain at 8752 feet (2668 m) Bull Mountain at 8609 feet (2624 m) and Thunderbolt Mountain at 8597 feet (2620 m).
 Green View Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Green View Lake is 1 mi (1.6 km) southeast of Goode Mountain and is within a cirque. The lake is not accessible via any designated trails but is only about 2 mi (3.2 km) northwest of the Pacific Crest Trail and the backcountry camping zone at North Fork.
 Angel-A directed by Luc Besson is a 2005 French fantasy and romantic drama film featuring Jamel Debbouze and Rie Rasmussen. The film premiered in the United States at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival.
 Truth about Kerry is a 2011 suspense film. It was written by Shaun O'Sullivan and Katherine Torpey directed by Katherine Torpey produced by Shaun O'Sullivan Katie Torpey & Tony Zanelotti and stars Stana Katic Jessica Dean and Darren Keefe. The film was shot in County Kerry Ireland and in San Francisco California USA. The film is currently going on post production and is scheduled to be released in the Film Festival
 The Chicago Building or Chicago Savings Bank Building was built in 1904-1905. It is located at 7 W. Madison Street Chicago Illinois. It was designed by architectural firm Holabird & Roche it is an early and highly visible example of the Chicago school of architecture. The building's features characterize this style through the use of large Chicago windows metal frame construction distinctive bays and terra cotta cladding.
 Martin Luther is a 1923 German silent historical film directed by Karl Wüstenhagen and starring Wüstenhagen Dary Holm and Anton Walbrook. The film depicts the life of the 16th century Christian reformer Martin Luther. It was shot at historic sites in Erfurt and the Wartburg.The film is still extant but only through copies intended for distribution outside Germany.
 Singl ploče (1976–1980) (trans. 7 Singles (1976–1980)) is a compilation album by Yugoslav rock band Bijelo Dugme released in 1982.
 Worthing Farm is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It only appears in his short story collection The Worthing Saga.
 John Coleman Calhoun (March 1871 – September 28 1950) was a politician in Alberta Canada and a municipal councillor in Edmonton.
 J. William Lincoln (born October 27 1940) is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate serving from 1979 to 1994.
 B.T.'s Smokehouse is a dry-rubbed and slow-smoked barbecue restaurant located in the downtown section of Sturbridge Massachusetts.
 The Lymansville Company Mill is a historic industrial complex at 184 Woonasquatucket Avenue in North Providence Rhode Island. The oldest portion of the complex a three story brick building which originally a textile spinning and carding building was built in 1884. The mill was significantly expanded in subsequent years with its last addition taking place in 1951. The Lymansville Company was founded in 1884 and closed in 1957.
 Gregory Allen Greg Brower (born February 8 1964) is an American attorney in private practice a Senator in the Nevada Senate former United States Attorney in the state of Nevada and a former member of the Nevada Assembly. He is a member of the Republican Party.
 Maharathi (Telugu: మహారథి) is an 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by P. Vasu. Balakrishna plays the lead roles while Sneha Meera Jasmine and Jayaprada have other vital roles. The film released on 1 February 2007.The film met with negative reviews from critics and was declared a flop at the box office.Jyothika was the initial cast instead of Sneha.
 A Fool's Alphabet is a 1992 novel by author Sebastian Faulks.
 Zeydabad (Persian: زيداباد‎ also Romanized as Zeydābād and Zeid Abad; also known as Javādīyeh-ye Zeydābād) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District in the Central District of Fahraj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 489 in 123 families.
 Australian Pie is a comedy about a young man who loses his penis in a mincer and gets a transplant from a porn star.It is also known as Going Down Under.
 The Return of the Durutti Column is the debut studio album by English band The Durutti Column. It was released in January 1980 through record label Factory.
 Demon Seed is a science fiction novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz first published in 1973 and then completely rewritten and republished in 1997. Though Koontz wrote both versions and they share the same basic plot the two novels are very different. The earlier version has a dual narrative with some chapters written from the perspective of Susan the story's heroine and others based on the observations of Proteus the rogue computer that imprisons her.
 Ługi [ˈwuɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 Eagle Rock Community Cultural Center formerly known as the Eagle Rock Branch Library is a historic Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival style building in Eagle Rock in north-central Los Angeles County California.
 Zarabad (Persian: زراباد‎ also Romanized as Zarābād) is a village in Byaban Rural District Byaban District Minab County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 223 in 39 families.
 The Eurasian Siskin (Carduelis spinus) is a small passerine bird in the finch family Fringillidae. It is also called the European Siskin Common Siskin or just Siskin. Other (archaic) names include Black-headed Goldfinch barley bird and aberdevine. It is very common throughout Europe and Asia.
 Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band is the debut album by disco group Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band released in 1976 on RCA and including the band's best-known and most successful track Whispering/Cherchez La Femme/Se Si Bon. The album peaked at #22 on the Billboard albums chart and #31 on the R&B listings. The lead vocals were provided by Cory Daye.
 Luc Van den Brande (Mechelen 13 October 1945) is a Flemish politician member of the CD&V and was Minister-president of Flanders from 21 January 1992 until 13 July 1999. He took the initiative to create the Flanders Institute for Biotechnology (VIB). On 6 February 2008 he became President of the European Union's Committee of the Regions for a period of two years.
 The Don Flows Home to the Sea (1940) is the second in the series of the great Don epic (Tikhii Don) written by Mikhail Sholokhov. It originally appeared in serialized form between 1928 and 1940. The English translation of the second half of this monumental work appeared under this title in 1940.The novel follows the fortunes of the Don Cossacks in peace and war revolution and civil war. The novel depicts the destruction of Cossack society during the Civil War.
 The Sherabad River Shirabad River or Sherabad Darya (Darya meaning river) is a right tributary of the Amu Darya in south-central Tajikistan. It is about 130 kilometres (81 mi) long and drains an area of 11000 square kilometres (4200 sq mi). The river rises in the arid foothills of the Gissar Range and flows south through steppe before flowing through a mountain ridge to empty into the Central Asia plain near Shirabad.
 The Conspirator is a 2010 historical drama film directed by Robert Redford based on an original screenplay by James D. Solomon. It is the debut film of the American Film Company. The film tells the story of Mary Surratt the only female conspirator charged in the Abraham Lincoln assassination and the first woman to be executed by the United States federal government.
 The Haunted Airman is a Psychological thriller film first aired on BBC on 31 October 2006. Adapted from Dennis Wheatley's 1948 novel The Haunting of Toby Jugg it was directed by Chris Durlacher and starred Robert Pattinson in the title role.
 H. H. Warner Building is a historic office building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a large seven story commercial building built in 1883-1884. It is constructed of load bearing brick walls a cast iron vault timber framework and a cast iron facade on St. Paul St. Originally built to house a patent medicine laboratory and warehouse it now houses office and storage facilities.
 The Silver Cloud Café (1996) is the second novel by Alfredo Véa Jr.. Set primarily in modern day San Francisco The Silver Cloud Café has the narrative frame of a mystery but utilizes postmodern devices manipulating time and space.
 Comin' at Ya! is a 3-D Western film featuring Tony Anthony Victoria Abril and Gene Quintano and directed by Ferdinando Baldi.It was produced as a co-production between American company Filmways and Lupo-Anthony-Quintano Productions an independent company. Released in 1981 the film effectively started the 3-D film boom of 1983. The same filmmakers returned in 1983 with Treasure of the Four Crowns.
 The Lozva River is a tributary of the Taița River in Romania.
 Winsome Earle Sears (born March 11 1964) is an American politician. She was a Republican member of the Virginia House of Delegates 2002–2003 and ran unsuccessfully for the United States House of Representatives from Virginia's 3rd congressional district in 2004.
 Innocents is the eleventh studio album by American electronic artist Moby. He announced the album through his YouTube channel and through his Web site on July 1 2013. The first official single from the album A Case for Shame was also released on the same day. The album was released on October 1 2013 and features collaborations on 7 of the album's 12 tracks.
 Shurjeh (Persian: شورجه‎ also Romanized as Shūrjeh; also known as Shūrcheh and Sūrjeh) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District Bagh-e Bahadoran District Lenjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 71 in 17 families.
 Stare Bulkowo [ˈstarɛ bulˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Lyle L. Hanson is a North Dakota Democratic-NPL Party member of the North Dakota House of Representatives representing the 12th district since 1979.
 William Kennon Jr. (12 June 1802 – 19 October 1867) was a lawyer judge and a U.S. Representative from Ohio. Born in Carrickfergus Ireland Kennon immigrated to the United States in 1816 with his parents who settled near Barnesville Ohio. He was a first cousin of William Kennon Sr.. He attended the common schools and graduated from Franklin College New Athens Ohio in 1826. Kennon studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1830. He commenced practice in St.
 Khur (Persian: خور‎ also Romanized as Khūr) is a village in Nujin Rural District in the Central District of Farashband County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 45 families.
 Farouk Seif Al Nasr (14 December 1922) is an Egyptian politician who served as justice minister in different cabinets during Mobarak's term.
 Thomas F. Stroock (October 10 1925–December 13 2009) was an American businessman ambassador and a Republican politician from Casper Wyoming.
 The Pârâul Vânătorului is a headwater of the Luncani River in Romania.
 The Pemex Executive Tower (Spanish: Torre Ejecutiva Pemex) is a skyscraper in Mexico City. The 214 meter (211 meters to top floor) international style tower was built between 1979 and 1983. Since the building's opening it has been occupied by state-owned Pemex one of the largest petroleum companies in the world.
 Minx is the fourth full-length album by English punk band Leatherface. Though regarded as a lesser album than its predecessor Mush it was still generally well received many reviews citing its strength as a stand alone album.
 The Singing Quail (Dactylortyx thoracicus) is a species of bird in the Odontophoridae family.It is found in Belize El Salvador Guatemala Honduras and Mexico.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Koveyk-e Bala (Persian: كويك بالا‎ also Romanized as Koveyk-e Bālā) is a village in Jask Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 194 in 39 families.
 Honour Among Thieves (1993) is a novel by English author Jeffrey Archer. The book takes place in 1993 with Saddam Hussein planning to retaliate against the United States after the events of the Gulf War.When the United States defeats Iraq in the 1991 Gulf War Saddam Hussein plans to humiliate the victors by stealing the American Declaration of Independence and publicly burning it on 4 July in full view of world media.
 Phelps Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. The natural lake is located at the entrance to Death Canyon in the southern section of the park. A number of hiking trails can be found near the lake the most popular being a 1.8 mile (2.9 km) roundtrip hike to the Phelps Lake overlook.
 Lake Ohrid (Macedonian: Охридско Езеро Albanian: Liqeni i Ohrit) straddles the mountainous border between southwestern Macedonia and eastern Albania. It is one of Europe's deepest and oldest lakes preserving a unique aquatic ecosystem that is of worldwide importance with more than 200 endemic species. The importance of the lake was further emphasized when it was declared a World Heritage site by UNESCO in 1979 and when in 2010 NASA decided to name one of Titan's lakes after Lake Ohrid.
 Deltinea is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Gwaneumsan is a mountain in the city of Pocheon Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 733 m (2405 ft).
 Sport is a Spanish daily sports newspaper based in Barcelona Spain. Founded in 1979 it is owned by Grupo Zeta who also publishes El Periódico de Catalunya.Ideologically it defines itself as the newspaper of the supporters of FC Barcelona its slogan being Sempre amb el Barça (always with Barça in Catalan) and focuses primarily to a Catalonia-based readership despite being written in Spanish.
 The Mămuca River is a tributary of the Isachea River in Romania.
 Bach Mai Hospital is a multi-field medical facility in Hanoi and is considered one of the largest in Vietnam. The hospital was established in 1911 during the French colonial rule. It played important role in the health system of Vietnam and is one of three high specialized medical centers specializing on internal medicine.
 The WonderLab Museum of Science Health & Technology is a science museum located in the city of Bloomington Indiana United States. It was incorporated in 1995 as a private 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. WonderLab is a member of the Association of Science-Technology Centers.
 The Appeal is a 2008 novel by John Grisham his twentieth book and his first fictional legal thriller since The Broker was published in 2005. It was published by Doubleday and released in hardcover in the United States on January 29 2008. A paperback edition was released by Delta Publishing on November 18 2008.
 Hide is an album by experimental artist Foetus released on CD by Ectopic Ents on September 29 2010. Initial copies included a 5″ x 5″ sticker of the front cover signed by J. G. Thirlwell.
 Sentraltind (also known as Sentraltinden or Vestre Styggedalstind) is a mountain in the Hurrungane mountains in the Jotunheimen mountain range. The 2348-metre (7703 ft) tall mountain is located in the eastern part of the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is the 10th highest summit in Norway. Sentraltind lies on a ridge between Store Skagastølstind-Vetle Skagastølstind and Store Styggedalstind-Jervvasstind.
 The Minahassa pipistrelle (Pipistrellus minahassae) is a species of vesper bat.It can be found in Indonesia.
 Parthan Kanda Paralokam is a 2008 Malayalam film directed by Anil starring Jayaram Mukesh and Sree Devika in the lead roles.
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Viezurata River in Romania.
 Yul Choi is a South Korean activist environmentalist and organizer. He chaired the Korean Anti-Pollution Movement from 1988 and led the Korean Federation for Environmental Movement from 1993. He was awarded the Global 500 Roll of Honour in 1994 and the Goldman Environmental Prize in 1995. He is currently a president of the Korea Green Foundation.
 Poochakkoru Mookkuthi (translation: A Nose-Ring for the Cat) is a 1984 screwball comedy Malayalam film written and directed by Priyadarshan with the story based on Charles Dickens's play The Strange Gentleman. The film features an ensemble cast featuring Mohanlal Shankar Menaka M G Soman Nedumudi Venu C.I. Paul Sukumari Baiju Jagathy Sreekumar Kuthiravattam Pappu and Sreenivasan.The film released in 1984 by Dinny Films was the debut of Indian director Priyadarshan.
 Ahmed M. Hassan (Somali: Axmed Xasan Arabic: احمد حسن‎) is a Somali American businessman and politician. He is a member of the Clarkston City Council the first Somali to hold the position.
 The Ziller is an approximately 47 km long right-side tributary to the Inn River in the Zillertal in Tyrol Austria. It springs from the ridge of the Zillertal Alps and feeds the Zillergründl Dam. In Mayrhofen it receives the Zemmbach (that in turn receives the Tuxerbach).
 Electronic Projects for Musicians is a b-sides and rarities compilation album by The Apples in Stereo. It was released April 1 2008 under the Simian Records Yep Roc Records and Elephant 6 labels.
 Dalla dividuum is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Mexico.
 Biographic is a weekly comics feature by award-winning cartoonist and illustrator Steve McGarry. Launched in 2005 the feature is syndicated by Universal Uclick and appears in such publications as New York Daily News Boston Herald Toronto Sun Hong Kong's Daily Young Post India's Mail Today Tokyo Mainichi Weekly Bangkok Post Student Weekly and South Africa's People Magazine.
 More Light is the tenth studio album by Scottish band Primal Scream released on 13 May 2013.The single It's Alright It's OK received airplay on national stations like BBC Radio 2 BBC Radio 6 Music and Absolute Radio and on music channel MTV Rocks whilst it has also been played on a number of smaller stations including 106.9FM WHCR and Kingstown Radio.
 Davis Peak is a mountain just north of Gorge Lake in North Cascades National Park in the US state of Washington. It is located just south of the Picket Range. While not of particularly high elevation even for the North Cascades it is notable for its large steep local relief and in particular for its huge Northeast Face which drops 5250 ft (1600 m) in one horizontal mile (1.6 km).
 Abner Woodworth House is a historic home located at Benton in Yates County New York. It is a Greek Revival style structure built about 1830.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Junonia hadrope the Volta Pansy is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Ghana (the Volta Region).
 Weaver of Dreams is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1960 and 1961 and originally released on the Columbia label. The album features Burrell's vocal talents as well as his guitar playing.
 The Lords of the North is a novel based in the 9th century Anglo-Saxon kingdoms Wessex and Northumbria. The book starts where The Pale Horseman left off. It is the third book in Bernard Cornwell's Saxon Stories.
 Porathissery is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala India.
 Kåfjorden (Northern Sami: Njoammelgohppi) is a fjord in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 7-kilometre (4.3 mi) long fjord branches off the main Altafjorden. The village of Kåfjord and Kåfjord Church both lie along the northern coast of the fjord. The European route E06 highway follows the northern shoreline of the fjord.
 Bamberg City Hall located in Bamberg South Carolina is a municipal city hall. It is an example of the type of early twentieth century style of governmental building designed by the Anderson South Carolina firm of Sayre and Baldwin. A number of architectural details of this three-story brick and cast stone building are also noteworthy. The building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on September 28 2004.
 Granger Lake is a United States Army Corps of Engineers reservoir on the San Gabriel River in central Texas in the United States. The lake is located near the towns of Granger Texas and Taylor Texas in Williamson County. The dam lake and all adjacent property are managed by the Fort Worth District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The reservoir was officially impounded in 1980 and serves to provide flood control for the communities downstream.
 Harris Sawyer Richardson (January 10 1887 – February 17 1976) was an American politician who served as President of the Massachusetts Senate from 1948 to 1949 and again in 1950.
 Eremopezus is a prehistoric bird genus. It is known only from the fossil remains of a single species the huge and presumably flightless Eremopezus eocaenus. This was found in Upper Eocene Jebel Qatrani Formation deposits around the Qasr el Sagha escarpment north of the Birket Qarun lake near Faiyum in Egypt.
 The Bâsca Chiojdului River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Helmont House is a high-rise hotel and office tower in Cardiff Wales. Completed in 1984 the 58 metres (190 ft) high building has 12 floors and is the tenth tallest building in Cardiff. The building was renovated in 2009 into a 200-room Premier Inn hotel.The building was previously occupied by British Gas and was one of the largest office buildings in Cardiff and is yards away from Cardiff Queen Street railway station.
 Michael Richard Pompeo (born December 30 1963) is an American politician who has been the U.S. Representative for Kansas's 4th congressional district since 2011. He is a member of the Republican Party. He has also served as a Kansas representative on the Republican National Committee.
 Samuel Morgan Shortridge (August 3 1861 – January 15 1952) was a Republican Senator from California.A descendant of Daniel Boone he was born in Mount Pleasant Iowa and moved to California as a child with his family which settled in San Jose in 1875. He practiced law in San Francisco California for most of his life.He lost the 1914 U.S. Senate Republican primary to veteran congressman Joseph R. Knowland who was defeated in the general election by James D. Phelan.
 The Observer established in 1896 is a newspaper that serves Union and Wallowa counties in the U.S. state of Oregon. Its headquarters are in La Grande the county seat of Union County. The Observer circulates Monday Wednesday and Friday afternoons to more than 11000 people. It is owned by the Bend-based Western Communications a family-owned company that also owns newspapers in Baker City Brookings and Redmond and in Crescent City and Sonora California.
 The Inkwell also known as The Octagon House is an historic octagonal house located on U.S. 264 east of Lake Landing on Lake Mattamuskeet near Engelhard North Carolina. It was built in 1855 by Dr. William T. Sparrow. It is now houses the Partnership for the Sounds and is open two days a week.On September 1 1978 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Young Comic (ヤングコミック Yangu Komikku) is a long-running Japanese seinen manga magazine started in 1967 as a magazine for teenage boys competing with titles like Manga Action and Big Comic. Today it targets a young adult male audience ith contents tilting heavily toward sex nudity and gratuitous fan service. It is published monthly by Shonen Gahosha as a sister publication to Young King. Its circulation in 2008 was reported at 112000 copies.
 Ľadový štít (translated into English as Ice Peak) is the third highest of the Tatra Mountains in Slovakia and in the whole 1500 km (930 mi) long Carpathian mountain chain as well as in northern and eastern Central Europe.
 Pancho & Lefty is a honky tonk album by outlaw country musicians Merle Haggard and Willie Nelson released in 1983. A blockbuster album Pancho & Lefty dominated country music for the year and helped establish both artists as two of the best-selling and most critically acclaimed of the genre.
 Miechów-Kolonia [ˈmjɛxuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Bramschebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Dianne Esther Cunningham (born December 5 1939) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. She was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1988 to 2003 and a cabinet minister in the governments of Mike Harris and Ernie Eves.
 California Here I Come is a live album by jazz pianist Bill Evans. It was recorded in 1967 but not released on Verve until 1982 as a double LP. It peaked at #12 on the Billboard Jazz Album charts in 1983 and was reissued on CD in 2004.
 St. Joseph Catholic Church is a historic church at 110 E. Henri de Tonti Boulevard in Tontitown Arkansas.It was built in 1939 in a Gothic Revival style and was added to the National Register in 2006.
 Makati Medical Center is a tertiary hospital in the Philippines with more than 600 beds. The hospital was founded on May 31 1969. It is one of the hospitals owned and operated by Medical Doctors Inc. a subsidiary of Metro Pacific Investments Corporation.
 Dordura aliena is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Indian subregion Burma Thailand Peninsular Malaysia Sumatra Borneo and New Guinea.
 Lila Walter Evans is a former Republican member of the Montana House of Representatives who represented District 16 from 2011 to 2013. She was defeated for re-election in 2012 by Lea Whitford by a margin of 1823 to 935.
 Parornix obliterella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Pennsylvania Kentucky Maine and Vermont).The larvae feed on Betula lenta and Betula nigra. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Henry Edward Fox-Strangways 5th Earl of Ilchester PC (13 February 1847 – 6 December 1905) known as Henry Fox-Strangways until 1865 was a British peer and Liberal politician. He served as Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms under William Ewart Gladstone between January and February 1874.
 The Jewish Journal of Greater Los Angeles is an independent nonprofit community weekly newspaper serving the Jewish community of greater Los Angeles published by TRIBE Media Corp. The Journal was established in 1985. As of 2010 it had a verified circulation of 60000 and an estimated readership of 180000; it is the largest Jewish weekly outside of New York City. TRIBE Media Corp.
 Gemmula hindsiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 The Șoimuș River or Lazuri River is a tributary of the Roşia River in Romania.
 Beqabu is a 1996 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by N. Chandra and starring Sanjay Kapoor and Mamta Kulkarni.
 Tom Butler (born 9 April 1944 in Huntsville Alabama) was a Democratic member of the Alabama Senate. He represented the 2nd District from 1995 until 2010. Senate District 2 is a fast-growing region of Alabama encompassing most of Limestone County and western Madison County.
 Wifey is a 1978 American novel by Judy Blume.
 Holcocera ianuae is a moth in the Blastobasidae family which is endemic to Costa Rica.
 Movies for the Blind is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Cage released by Eastern Conference Records on August 6 2002. The album peaked at #12 on the Heatseekers chart #14 on the Top Independent Albums chart #58 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and #193 on the Billboard 200. The movie poster seen on the album cover is a parody of the They Live poster.
 Broad Ripple Park Carousel also known as White City Carousel and Children's Museum Carousel is an antique carousel in The Children's Museum of Indianapolis. It was installed in 1917 at an amusement park near the White River in Indianapolis Indiana where it remained until the building housing it collapsed in 1956. The ride's mechanism was destroyed but the animals were relatively unscathed and put into storage by the park's owners the Indianapolis Park District.
 Silk Stockings is a 1957 Metrocolor Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer CinemaScope musical film adaptation of the 1955 stage musical of the same name which itself was a remake of Ninotchka. It was directed by Rouben Mamoulian and starred Fred Astaire and Cyd Charisse.
 Winter Quarters in Tensas Parish Louisiana United States is a surviving example of an Antebellum cotton plantation. It is located south of Newellton on Lake St. Joseph an ox-bow lake or former bend in the Mississippi River. The main plantation home began as a hunting lodge in 1805 but was soon enlarged and became a residence. Before the Vicksburg Campaign of 1863 during the American Civil War there were fifteen plantations along Lake St. Joseph.
 The Tulburea River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania
 The Experiment is a 2010 direct-to-video thriller film directed by Paul T. Scheuring and starring Adrien Brody Forest Whitaker Cam Gigandet Clifton Collins Jr. and Maggie Grace about an experiment which resembles Philip Zimbardo's Stanford prison experiment in 1971.The film is a remake of the 2001 German film Das Experiment which was directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel.
 Alucita wamenaensis is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It was described by Gielis in 2009. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
 The Visalia Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Visalia California.
 NYC 1978 is a reissue of the 1979 Ramones live album It's Alive. The album was released by King Biscuit Entertainment on August 19 2003 as part of the King Biscuit Flower Hour Archive Series.
 Synalocha is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 JAMA Surgery is a monthly professional medical journal which aims to be a sounding board and forum for all the changes that are occurring in surgery today. The journal was established in 1920 as Archives of Surgery.
 Anthems is a compilation by the Slovenian industrial music group Laibach. It was released in 2004 as a double album. The first CD contains a collection of Laibach's best tracks throughout the years while the second disc accommodates remixes of Laibach songs by different artists. Besides the CDs the Anthems box also contains a 44 page booklet with a history of Laibach plus several paintings and photographs by and of the band.
 The four-lined skink (Plestiodon tetragrammus) is a species of lizard which is endemic to North America. It is a medium-sized member of the Plestiodon skinks.
 Fast Girls is a 2011 British drama film directed by Regan Hall and written by Jay Basu Noel Clarke and Roy Williams. It stars Lenora Crichlow Lily James Bradley James Noel Clarke and Rupert Graves. The film follows the story of two women as they become professional sprinters and join the British relay team for a World Championship event. The film was launched at the Toronto Film Festival in 2011 before having its world premiere in London on 7 June 2012.
 Dreierwalder Aa is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Andrew Murray Gurr was the Governor of Saint Helena from 2007 to 2011. He took up office on 11 November 2007 in a ceremony in Jamestown at which he declared his commitment to Saint Helena and dependencies in his inaugural speech.
 New Man was a prominent American Christian lifestyle men's magazine founded in 1994 and becoming an online publication in 2008. Its stated purpose is Helping men to develop Christ-centered perspectives that will transform their lives their families and their worlds.. For the first three years of its existence it was the official magazine of the Promise Keepers movement.
 Herbert P. Wasgatt (August 26 1865 – December 21 1934) was an American shoe manufacturer and politician who served as the eleventh Mayor of Everett Massachusetts and was a member of the Massachusetts Governor's Council.
 The Stockbridge Indian Cemetery is a cemetery north of Stockbridge Wisconsin. It is located on Moore Road just west of Wisconsin Highway 55. The cemetery was established in 1834 after the Stockbridge Indians moved to the community. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Ustedes los ricos (You the Rich Ones) is a Mexican film made during the Golden Age of Mexican cinema. It is the second film in a trilogy. The first is Nosotros los pobres and the third is Pepe El Toro. Ustedes los ricos stars Mexican actor/singer Pedro Infante as Pepe with a cast – including Blanca Estela Pavón and Evita Muñoz Chachita – that is very well known in Mexico for working in several films from the Golden Age.
 Garrett House also known as the Garrett Residence in Syracuse New York was built in 1913. Along with other Ward Wellington Ward-designed homes it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It is listed for its architecture. The most distinctive feature on the outside of the house was that its roof was made to look like an English Cottage thatched roof.
 Desdemona is a play by Toni Morrison.
 Get Off on the Pain is the eighth studio album by American country music artist Gary Allan. It was released on March 9 2010. The album's first single Today was released in June 2009 and was a Top 20 hit. The album's second single the title track was released on March 15 2010 and debuted at number 42 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. The album's third single Kiss Me When I'm Down released to radio in 2010.
 Daphnella angulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 XXV is the fifteenth album released by British pop group The Shadows. It was released in 1983 on Polydor Records. It includes instrumental cover versions of songs by Toto Mark Knopfler Joe Cocker & Jennifer Warnes Dusty Springfield Jet Harris & Tony Meehan Elaine Paige & Procol Harum.
 Tachyrhynchus reticulatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 William Nichols Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Benton in Yates County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1844 and is an example of Greek Revival style cobblestone domestic architecture. It is a 1 1⁄2-story L-shaped residence. It is built of reddish lakewashed cobbles. The property includes a barn and smokehouse. The farmhouse is among the nine surviving cobblestone buildings in Yates County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Victorious: Music from the Hit TV Show is the soundtrack for the Nickelodeon TV series Victorious. The majority of the album was sung by the lead actress of the television series Victoria Justice with the Victorious cast being listed beside her. Some of the other singers on the album feature Ariana Grande Elizabeth Gillies Miranda Cosgrove and Matt Bennett.
 The Andia Range (Andiako mendilerroa in Basque and Sierra de Andía in Spanish) is a mountain range of western Navarre Spain part of the Basque Mountains. Its highest point is the 1493 metres high Beriain.Together with the neighboring Urbasa range Andia is part of the Urbasa-Andia Natural Park.
 Actinopyga is a genus of sea cucumbers found in coastal waters in tropical and temperate regions.
 The Weatherford Daily News is a five-day daily newspaper published in Weatherford Oklahoma. The newspaper is owned by the Reid family who also own the Vinita Daily Journal the Perry Daily Journal the Nowata Star the Tri-County Journal and the Afton/Fairland American.Southwestern Oklahoma State University graduate James Craddock purchased the Weatherford Democrat newspaper that he would rename the Weatherford Daily News in 1929.
 Night of Mystery is a 1937 American mystery film directed by E.A. Dupont and starring Grant Richards Roscoe Karns and Helen Burgess. The film was a remake of The Greene Murder Case (1929) adapted from a 1928 novel of the same name. Because of this it is sometimes known by the alternative title The Greene Murder Case.
 Mordellistena chrysotrichia is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1951 by Nomura.
 Sefid Qoba (Persian: سفيدقبا‎ also Romanized as Sefīd Qobā) is a village in Khomeh Rural District in the Central District of Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Level Live Wires is a studio album from American indie hip hop producer Odd Nosdam. It was released on Anticon in 2007.The album features guest appearances from Tunde Adebimpe Jessica Bailiff Jel Why? among others.
 The Parbati River in Rajasthan India rises in hilly terrain near Chhawar village in the Sawai Madhopur district. It runs for 123 km and falls into the Gambhir River near Kharagpur in Dhaulpur District Rajasthan.
 Things Happen at Night is a 1947 British supernatuarl ghost comedy film directed by Francis Searle and starring Gordon Harker Alfred Drayton Robertson Hare and Gwynneth Vaughan. The film is based upon a stage play The Poltergeist by Frank Harvey Jnr.
 Fear and Trembling (original Danish title: Frygt og Bæven) is an influential philosophical work by Søren Kierkegaard published in 1843 under the pseudonym Johannes de silentio (John of the Silence).
 Al's Big Deal – Unclaimed Freight is a compilation album by Al Kooper. It was released as a double-LP in 1975.
 Do Saran (Persian: دوسران‎ also Romanized as Do Sarān Dowsarān and Dusaran) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District Qareh Poshtelu District Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 146 in 35 families.
 John Wu or Wu Chih-yang (Chinese: 吳志揚; pinyin: Wú Zhìyáng) is a politician in the Republic of China. He currently serves as the Magistrate of Taoyuan County since 20 December 2009.
 The History of the Indian Tribes of North America is a three volume collection of Native American biographies and accompanying lithograph portraits originally published from 1836 to 1844 by Thomas McKenney and James Hall. The majority of the portraits were first painted in oil by Charles Bird King.
 The Big Boodle is a 1957 film starring Errol Flynn set in Cuba.
 The Gorgol River is a river of southern Mauritania that is a tributary of the Sénégal River. The river is formed by the confluence of the Gorgol Noir (194 km in length) with the Gorgol Blanc (345 km in length). The Gorgol joins the Sénégal River at Kaédi.The river basin plays an important in role in Mauritanian economy facilated by investment in the 1970s.
 Doña Bárbara is a 1998 Argentine-Spanish romantic drama film directed by Betty Kaplan adapted from the novel Doña Bárbara by Venezuelan author Rómulo Gallegos. The film stars Esther Goris in the title role of a wealthy embittered female land owner who clashes with a male neighbor portrayed by Jorge Perugorría.
 Ovesné Kladruby (German: Habakladrau) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
 The Yellow Tiger Moth (Arctia flavia) is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in the Alps above the tree level. It also occurs in Balkan mountains (Rila) European Russia northern Kazakhstan Siberia Mongolia North-Eastern China and Korea.The wingspan is 50–70 mm. The moth flies July to August.The larvae feed on a wide range of plants.
 Naug Ma Kja Kyay (Burmese: နောက်မကျကျေး) or Late is a 2004 Burmese musical drama film directed by Mg Myo Min (Yin Twin Phit).
 Black Widow is the eponymous second album by English rock band Black Widow. It was issued in 1971 on CBS Records (the same year Black Sabbath's Master of Reality was released) and was produced by Patrick Meehan Jr. On Black Widow the occult-based lyrical themes that had dominated the band's debut disappeared.
 John Lambert (Autumn 1619 – March 1684) was an English Parliamentary general and politician. He fought during the English Civil War and then in Oliver Cromwell's Scottish campaign (1650–51) becoming thereafter active in civilian politics until his dismissal by Cromwell in 1657.
 Dust of the Damned is a 2012 novel by Western author Peter Brandvold. It is a Weird Western a Western with supernatural or paranormal content. The two main characters arewerewolf hunter Uriah Zane and beautiful Deputy U.S. Marshal Aubrey Coffin.
 Dr. András Cser-Palkovics (born 1974) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Székesfehérvár (Fejér County Constituency I) since 2010. He was a Member of the Parliament from Fejér County Regional List between 2006 and 2010. He is the current Mayor of Székesfehérvár since October 2010.
 The Kaiapoi River is a minor river of north Canterbury in New Zealand's South Island. Originally called the Cam River it is a tributary of the Waimakariri River which it joins at the larger river's estuary.The town of Kaiapoi is situated on the banks of the river.The Kaiapoi River has several tributaries including the Cam River used for carting logs and wool in the 1890s and 1900s. There are also several streams that join the Kaiapoi River.
 Zabrus gibbulus is a species of ground beetle in the Iberozabrus subgenus that is endemic to Spain.
 Above and Beyond the Doll of Cutey is the debut album of American country music artist Pam Tillis. Released in 1983 as her only album for Warner Bros. Records it features the singles Killer Comfort and Love Is Sneakin' Up on You. The album was more pop oriented in comparison to her work on Arista Nashville.
 The Wild Boys: A Book of the Dead is a novel written by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs. It was first published in 1971 by Grove Press. It depicts a homosexual youth movement whose objective is the downfall of western civilization set in an apocalyptic late twentieth century.
 Riverside Train Station is a historic railroad station located at Riparius Warren County New York. It was built in 1913 and is a one story rectangular (40 feet by 168 feet) hipped roof frame building with covered platforms at each end. A baggage room was added between 1915 and 1924. It was built by the Delaware and Hudson Railroad and embodies a Prairie School style design.
 Passion is a 1982 film by Jean-Luc Godard and the second feature film made during his return to relatively mainstream filmmaking in the 1980s sometimes referred to as the Second Wave.
 Sokolniki-Las [sɔkɔlˈniki ˈlas] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Ozorków 14 km (9 mi) north of Zgierz and 22 km (14 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has an approximate population of 340.
 The Church of St John the Baptist Leamington Spa is a Grade II* listed parish church in Leamington Spa England.
 Little Lord Fauntleroy is a 1936 drama film based on the 1886 novel of the same name by Frances Hodgson Burnett. The film stars Freddie Bartholomew Dolores Costello and C. Aubrey Smith. The first film produced by David O. Selznick's Selznick International Pictures it was the studio's most profitable film until Gone With the Wind.The film was critically well received and is now in the public domain.
 Lipowo [liˈpɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki within Mrągowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Piecki 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Mrągowo and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 240.
 The salmon shark Lamna ditropis is a species of shark occurring in the north Pacific ocean. As an apex predator the salmon shark feeds on salmon squid sablefish and herring. Salmon sharks are remarkable for their ability to maintain body temperature known as homeothermy and an as-yet unexplained variability in the sex ratio between the eastern north Pacific and western north Pacific.
 Kownaty-Kolonia [kɔvˈnatɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyn within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 1 kilometre (1 mi) north of Wilczyn 32 km (20 mi) north of Konin and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Schultzidia is a genus of eels in the snake eel family Ophichthidae. It currently contains the following species: Schultzidia johnstonensis (L. P. Schultz & Woods 1949) (Johnston snake-eel) Schultzidia retropinnis (Fowler 1934) (Fringe-lipped worm-eel)
 Judith Margaret Farnworth (born 25 April 1966) is a British diplomat. She was educated at the University of Durham (BA Russian with Philosophy) and at the University of East Anglia (MA International Relations). She joined the Foreign and Commonwealth Office upon graduation in 1991 and was appointed British Ambassador to Kyrgyzstan in 2012.
 Vlkolínec Slovakia is a picturesque village under the administration of the town of Ružomberok. Historically however it was a separate village. The first written mention of the village came from 1376 and after 1882 it became part of Ružomberok. Its name is probably derived from the Slovak word vlk i. e. wolf.Vlkolínec has been listed as a UNESCO World Heritage site since 1993 and is one of ten Slovak villages that have been given the status of a folk architecture reservations.
 Men's Fitness (UK) is a monthly men's magazine specialising in health and fitness and published by Dennis Publishing in the UK and Ireland.The magazine's slogan is Look Great Feel Great and it targets men of all ages featuring the latest tips advice and information on training nutrition muscle-building fat loss and sports performance as well as sex tips grooming advice celebrity interviews and in-depth features and analysis on the core and emerging health and fitness trends.
 My Best Friend Is You is the second album by English singer-songwriter Kate Nash released in the United Kingdom on 19 April 2010 and elsewhere on 20 April. The album was originally entitled Crayon Full Of Colour but the name was changed due to Paolo Nutini's similar song title at that time Pencil Full Of Lead. On 13 April 2010 Kate appeared on John Kennedy's XFM show Xposure where they did a track-by-track interview playing the whole of the album.
 The Silent Whales of Lunar Sea is the fifth full-length studio album by British folk metal group Skyclad. Its title is a homophonic pun: when said aloud in a non-rhotic accent (such as British or Australian accents) it sounds identical to The Silent Wails of Lunacy.
 Madea Goes to Jail is a 2009 parodic comedy-drama film written and directed by Tyler Perry which was based on his 2006 play. The play and the film deal with Perry's recurring character Madea going to prison for her uncontrollable anger management problems. The play starred Tyler Perry as Madea Cassi Davis as Ella Kincaid and Cheryl Pepsii Riley as Wanda.
 Baile de Máscaras is the fourth album recorded by Mexican rock band Maldita Vecindad y los Hijos del Quinto Patio. The LP was released on May 7 1996 under the BMG label.
 The Pointe d'Orny (3271 m) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif located west of Orsières in the canton of Valais. It lies north-east of the Plateau du Trient.Below the summit lies the Cabane du Trient a mountain hut operated by the Swiss Alpine Club.
 Manpower is an album by Miquel Brown recorded in 1983. Includes the major international hits So Many Men So Little Time and He's a Saint He's a Sinner which peaked at number two and number twenty-nine respectively as well as the moderate hits Beeline and Sunny Day.So Many Men So Little Time is considered by many within the male gay community to be one of the greatest dance songs from the 1980s.
 The Siberian large-toothed shrew (Sorex daphaenodon) is a species of shrew. An adult Siberian large-toothed shrew has a weight of 4.6-6.0 grams and a body length of 5.5-6.4 centimeters with a tail of 2.4-3.75 centimeters. This species is found across Northeast Asia from Mongolia through northeastern China to the Russian Far East and the Paektusan region of North Korea.
 Uninhabited is a 2010 Australian horror film directed by Bill Bennett. The film premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival and in Australia during the 2010 Melbourne International Film Festival. It tells the story of a young couple vacationing at a deserted island later discovering it has a disturbing history.
 Osiedle Petrykozy [ɔˈɕɛdlɛ pɛtrɨˈkɔzɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Pabianice and 16 km (10 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Maestros is Orquesta El Arranque's fifth album. It received a nomination for the Premios Gardel in 2005.
 Dark Light is the fifth studio album by East 17. It was released on 2 April 2012. Their first album to be released as a trio without Brian Harvey it features the band's transition towards rock music and away from their more dance/pop orientated past.Originally the album was going to be titled Recharged and released in late 2011 when Blair Dreelan was the group's lead singer. A new single featuring Dreelan called 'Falling Stars was also cancelled.
 The Chiril River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Dimitrie Cornea (1816–1884) was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from April 4 1876 until April 26 1876 during the existence of United Principalities.
 Trnjane is a village in the municipality of Požarevac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 915 people.
 Alexander Willis House is a historic home located at Coeymans in Albany County New York. It was built about 1852 and is a two story frame dwelling in a transitional Greek Revival / Gothic Revival style. The rear elevation has a large two story wing with enclosed porch. It features broad eaves supported by ornate brackets and broad paneled corner boards. The steep gable roof has a central dormer with smaller flanking dormers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Chariot is the debut studio album by singer-songwriter Gavin DeGraw first released in 2003 on J Records. It was re-released in 2004 as Chariot (Stripped) which included all of the original Chariot content as well as a bonus disc.
 Live at the Fitzgerald is the first live album (third album including studio albums) released by the rock n' roll jam band The Big Wu. It was released at their third annual Family Reunion on Memorial day weekend in 2000. It was recorded at the historic Fitzgerald Theater in downtown St. Paul on April 21 2000.
 Eleutherodactylus casparii is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens heavily degraded former forests and introduced vegetation.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Abbasabad-e Kollab (Persian: عباس ابادكلب‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Kollab; also known as ‘Abbāsābād-e Golāb) is a village in Meyghan Rural District in the Central District of Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 154 in 36 families.
 Originally called the New Cumberland Covered Bridge it was built in 1877 by William Parks of Marion Indiana. This Howe Truss bridge is 181 feet (55 m) long.
 Earth's Last Citadel is a novel written by the husband and wife team of C.L. Moore and Henry Kuttner. It was first published in 1943 in the magazine Argosy and in book form it was published first in 1964.
 The Larga Mare River or Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Cerbu River and Valea Oilor River.
 Time After Time is the second studio album by Canadian country music singer/songwriter Jake Mathews. It was released on June 8 2004 by Open Road Recordings.
 The American Journal of Human Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering human biology. It is the official publication of the Human Biology Association (formerly known as the Human Biology Council). The journal publishes original research theoretical articles reviews and other communications connected to all aspects of human biology health and disease.
 Into Eternity is a feature documentary film directed by Danish director Michael Madsen released in 2010. It follows the construction of the Onkalo waste repository at the Olkiluoto Nuclear Power Plant on the island of Olkiluoto Finland.
 Styotrichia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 College Kumaran is a 2008 Malayalam film directed by Thulasidas starring Mohanlal and Vimala Raman.
 Winfield Scott Kerr (June 23 1852 - September 11 1917) was a U.S.
 Nancy Denson is a politician and mayor of Athens Georgia in the United States. She is a member of the Democratic Party.
 Aleptina inca is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from south-eastern California east to southern Arizona and western Texas. It is also found in Baja California.The wingspan is about 19 mm. Adults are on wing from May to October in multiple generations in western Texas.
 Schinia oculata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America including Arizona and California.The wingspan is about 23 mm. The larvae feed on Baccharis sarothroides.
 Still Within the Sound of My Voice is the 43rd album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1987 (see 1987 in music).
 Arthur C. Art Eggleton PC (born September 29 1943) is a former Canadian Cabinet minister and Mayor of Toronto and is currently a Senator representing Ontario.
 Behind the Clouds the Sun Is Shining (Dutch: Achter de wolken schijnt de zon) is a 1925 Dutch silent documentary film directed by Willy Mullens.
 Speedy Delivery (2008) is a documentary feature directed and produced by Paul B. Germain. [1] The film follows the life story of David Newell better known as Mr. McFeely from the children's television show Mister Rogers' Neighborhood. [2]Shot in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania Speedy Delivery is a character study of Newell examining his mission to help save The Neighborhood following the passing of his close friend Fred Rogers.
 Unspeakable is a 2004 album by American jazz guitarist Bill Frisell his 22nd album overall and his 17th to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label.After several often languorous albums emphasizing country folk and blues music Unspeakable was something of a new direction for Frisell emphasizing R&B/funk rhythms extensive sampling from unusual vinyl records and some of Frisell's most dissonant guitar work in years.
 The Wages of Fear is the second studio album by English indie rock band Tellison. It was released on 13 June 2011 through Naim Edge Records. The album was made available to listen to on SoundCloud on 27 April 2011.
 Heavy Petting Zoo is the sixth studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX. It was released on January 31 1996 through Epitaph Records. The record reached a position of No. 63 on the American Billboard 200 Albums chart the first NOFX album to do so. In Austria Heavy Petting Zoo peaked at No. 20 while the album achieved the No. 13 position in both Sweden and Finland.
 The Monte Cristo Arboeral Alligator Lizard (Abronia montecristoi) is an endangered species of lizard. This species is distributed in the cloud forests of El Salvador as well as Honduras. This species is classified as Endangered by the IUCN Red List
 The Killer Inside Me is a 1952 novel by American writer Jim Thompson published by Fawcett Publications.In the introduction to the anthology Crime Novels: American Noir of the 1950s it is described as one of the most blistering and uncompromising crime novels ever written.
 The Hotel Tallcorn is located at 134 East Main Street in Marshalltown Iowa. Today it is called the Tallcorn Towers Apartments. Built in 1928 by the Eppley Hotel Company local citizens contributed $120000 to ensure the successful completion of this seven-story hotel. It was completed in connection to the seventy-fifth anniversary of Marshalltown. The hotel's sale in 1956 from the Eppley chain to the Sheraton Corporation was part of the second largest hotel sale in United States history.
 Spheres 2 is an album by Canadian industrial/electronic music group Delerium in 1994.
 Perlino [pɛrˈlinɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Gniewino 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Wejherowo and 60 km (37 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 332.
 The Quillen River is a river of Chile.
 Vodava is a village in Vaivara Parish Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 The Wife of an Important Man (Arabic: Zawgat ragol mohim‎) is an Egyptian drama film directed by Mohamed Khan. Starring Ahmad Zaki and Mervat Amin this film tells us the story of the rise and fall of a police officer during the regime of Anwar El Sadat.It received the Silver Award at the Damascus Film Festival in 1987 and was screened in competition at the 15th Moscow International Film Festival in 1987.
 The United States Marine Hospital is a historic Greek Revival hospital building in Mobile Alabama United States. Construction began in 1838 and was completed in 1842. It was designed by architect Frederick Bunnell and was operated by the Marine Hospital Service from its opening until it closed in 1952. It treated injured Confederate and Union soldiers during the American Civil War.
 Clay Forau Soalaoi more commonly referred to as Clay Forau (born 10 October 1976) is a Solomon Islands politician. He was first elected to Parliament representing the Temotu Vatud constituency at the 2006 general election in April. From 22 April to 5 May he served briefly as Minister for Justice and Legal Affairs under Prime Minister Snyder Rini.
 Samuel Maclay (June 17 1741 – October 5 1811) was an American surveyor farmer and politician from Union County Pennsylvania. He served in the state legislature and represented Pennsylvania in both the U.S. House and the United States Senate.
 Wielogóra [vjɛlɔˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec within Sandomierz County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Samborzec 10 km (6 mi) west of Sandomierz and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 200.
 HM Prison Doncaster is a Category B men's private prison located in the Marshgate area of Doncaster in South Yorkshire England. The prison is operated by the Serco Group.
 Crystal Springs Creek a 2.7-mile (4.3 km) tributary of Johnson Creek flows entirely within the city of Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. The stream rises from springs near the Reed College campus in the southeastern part of the city and runs generally southwest to meet Johnson Creek in the Portland neighborhood of Sellwood.The creek's even flow and cool year-round temperature make it a good place for fish including coho and chinook salmon salmon and steelhead.
 Doldim-e Bozorg (Persian: دلديم بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Doldīm-e Bozorg; also known as Doldīm) is a village in Blukat Rural District Rahmatabad and Blukat District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 166 in 33 families.
 Steven M. Berman is a past mayor of the Town of Gilbert Arizona. Mayor Berman is an Arizona native and has lived in Gilbert since 1981. He is a former captain in the United States Army and holds a bachelor’s degree from Arizona State University. He owns a business that sells cell phones and communications services. He currently attends Life Community Church.
 Łęgonice [wɛnɡɔˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą 36 km (22 mi) south-west of Grójec and 74 km (46 mi) south-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 440.
 Screwball Comedy is an album by the Japanese band Soul Flower Union. The album found the band going into a simpler harder-rocking direction after several heavily world-music influenced albums.
 Methodist Episcopal Church South (Bethesda Heritage Church) is a historic church at 238 E. 3rd Street in Albany Oregon.It was built circa 1875 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Space Buddies is a 2009 family comedy film. It is the third film in the Air Buddies series. It was released February 3 2009. Like Air Buddies and Snow Buddies this film was released directly on DVD and became the first Air Bud film to be released on Blu-ray.
 Back in Baby's Arms is the thirteenth studio album by American country artist Connie Smith. The album was released in October 1969 and was produced by Bob Ferguson. It was Smith's third and final album released in 1969.
 Bernard Kouchner (born 1 November 1939) is a French politician and doctor. He is the co-founder of Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) and Médecins du Monde. From 2007 until 2010 he was the French Minister of Foreign and European Affairs in the center-right Fillon government under president Nicolas Sarkozy although he had been in the past a minister in socialist governments. In 2010 the Jerusalem Post considered Bernard Kouchner the 15th most influential Jewish person in the world.
 Maragatham Chandrasekar (b. November 11 1917 - d.October 27 2001) was an Indian politician and Member of Parliament from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Kniebis is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 For the song often called Day-O see Banana Boat Song.Day-O is a 1992 family TV-movie about an imaginary childhood friend Dayo who returns to the adult Grace (played by Delta Burke) helping her through various adult crises. It was an early acting role for Elijah Wood. Grace is challenged by her own timidity to save her Grandfather's restaurant. Only the arrival of her imaginary childhood friend spurs her on to success.
 The Uberaba River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Ahmed Abdallah Abderemane (Arabic: أحمد عبد الله عبد الرحمن‎ Ahmad Abd Allah Abd ar-Rahman 12 June 1919 – 26 November 1989) was a Comorian politician. He was President of the Comoros from 25 October 1978 until his death.
 Sitona is a large genus of weevils in the family Curculionidae native to the Nearctic and Palaearctic regions. Over 100 species have been described. Sitona is easily distinguished from related genera by flat recumbent scales on the mandibles by the absence of an oval scar on the mandibles by short and broad rostrum with a deep longitudinal median groove and by dense scales on the body.Sitona specialize on legumes plants of the family Fabaceae.
 Passion: One Day Live is the 2000 album recorded live at the annual One Day 2000 in Memphis TN.
 Sawpaga is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 The Red Groundling Moth or Pied Groundling Moth (Perigea xanthioides) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Canada to Brazil and on Jamaica.The wingspan is about 29 mm.The larvae feed on Vernonia and Eutrochium species.
 David Hillman is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives representing District 13 since January 14 2013.
 Śmiechowice [ɕmjɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Lubsza 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Brzeg and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Peristernia forskalii common name the Forsskal's whelk is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Living is American author Annie Dillard's first novel a historical fiction account of European settlers and a group of Lummi natives in late 19th century Washington published in 1992.
 Back To Mine: Röyksopp is a compilation album from the Back To Mine series from DMC Publishing. It was compiled and mixed by the electronica band Röyksopp.
 Juan Moreira is an Argentine novel written by Eduardo Gutiérrez. It was written during the winter of 1879 and is considered one of the most important works of Argentine literature. Shortly after its publication it was developed into a successful play which is itself foundational in Buenos Aires's theatre. Three homonymous versions of the novel were made into a film: one in 1936 one in 1948 and the more famous 1973 version directed by Leonardo Favio.
 W. Paul White (born July 7 1945 in Cambridge Massachusetts) is an American political politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1973 to 1989 and the Massachusetts Senate from 1989 to 1999. He was the House Majority Leader in 1984 and the Second Assistant Majority Leader in the Senate from 1995 to 1996.
 A Pattern of Roses is a 1972 children's novel by British author K. M. Peyton about a mystery and a ghost. It was issued in the US under the title So Once Was I in 1975 but subsequent editions have used the original title.The novel was made into a television film in 1983. The film was the first significant on screen role for Helena Bonham Carter; the cast also included Philip Jackson and Suzanna Hamilton.
 Kill and Be Killed (Spanish: A hierro muere) is a 1962 Spanish-Argentine crime film directed by Manuel Mur Oti and written by Enrique Llovet. Starring Olga Zubarry and Alberto de Mendoza.
 The Justin S. Morrill Science Center more commonly known as the Morrill Science Center is a research center lecture hall and faculty office complex serving the College of Natural Sciences at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. It comprises four buildings that contain research laboratories for several different programs including the biochemistry biology geosciences microbiology and public health departments.
 Kościanki [kɔɕˈt͡ɕanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Krzeptów [ˈkʂɛptuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 Sari Miri (Persian: ساري ميري‎ also Romanized as Sārī Mīrī; also known as Sarimiri) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 418 in 83 families.
 Taragmarcha is a genus of moth in the family Oecophoridae. The species of this genus are found in Mauritius and La Réunion.
 Casino is an EP by Romanian hard rock group Iris.
 Joseph Gerald Finnegan (born 1 October 1942) is a retired judge of the Supreme Court of Ireland. He was previously President of the High Court. Finnegan was technically the second highest ranking judge in the Republic of Ireland while he was President of the High Court and was an ex officio member of the Supreme Court that he was subsequently appointed to as a full member. He was educated at Synge Street C.B.S. and St. Mary's College Dundalk.
 The Draper-Steadman House at 13518 South 1700 West in Riverton Utah was built in c.1894. Also known as Draper-Steadman-Morgan House it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.Its NRHP nomination asserted it is architecturally significant as oneof the best examples of the Victorian Eclectic style in Riverton and as a rareexample of the double cross-wing house type.
 Jonathan Prentiss Dolliver (February 6 1858 – October 15 1910) was a Republican orator U.S. Representative then U.S. Senator from Iowa at the turn of the 20th century. In 1900 and 1908 Republican National Conventions he was promoted as a vice-presidential candidate but he was never chosen.
 The Urbana College Historic Buildings are a historic district on the campus of Urbana University in Urbana Ohio United States. Composed of three nineteenth-century buildings the district includes the oldest structures on the university's campus.
 The Birth of Soul: The Complete Atlantic Rhythm and Blues Recordings is a 3-CD box set compilation by Ray Charles released in 1991.
 Gromadno [ɡrɔˈmadnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Kcynia 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Nakło nad Notecią and 40 km (25 mi) west of Bydgoszcz.
 The Girls: Sappho Goes To Hollywood is a 2000 book by Diana McLellan that speculates on a romance between Greta Garbo and Marlene Dietrich. The Observer found it purely speculative and uncorroborated. Kirkus found it lively. Publishers Weekly was more approving saying McLellan was able to bring a broader context and new sense of scholarship to the subject.
 Pieczonogi [pjɛt͡ʂɔˈnɔɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pałecznica within Proszowice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Pałecznica 6 km (4 mi) north of Proszowice and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Munson Valley Historic District is the headquarters and main support area for Crater Lake National Park in southern Oregon. The National Park Service chose Munson Valley for the park headquarters because of its central location within the park. Because of the unique rustic architecture of the Munson Valley buildings and the surrounding park landscape the area was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1988.
 Above All is a British heavy metal band. They released their debut album Domain in 1996 on the Roadrunner Records label which was produced by Alex Newport (Fudge Tunnel Nailbomb). Their lyrics were highly politically motivated and protested against right wing politics and advocated Straight Edge .
 Mount Saint Helena (Wappo: Kanamota Human Mountain) is a peak in the Mayacamas Mountains with flanks in Napa Sonoma and Lake counties of California. Composed of uplifted 2.4-million-year-old volcanic rocks from the Clear Lake Volcanic Field it is one of the few mountains in the San Francisco Bay Area to receive any snowfall during the winter.The mountain has five peaks arranged in a rough M shape. Its highest point North Peak is in Sonoma County.
 Aizawl Adventist Hospital is a general hospital with registered capacity of 40 beds situated in Aizawl Mizoram. The hospital is widely known among Mizo people as 7th day Hospital. It is owned and operated by the Christian Medical Foundation of the Seventh-day Adventist Church and is a part of global Adventist healthcare network.
 The Russet-throated Puffbird (Hypnelus ruficollis) is a near-passerine bird which breeds in tropical South America in northeastern Colombia and much of Venezuela. It is commonly named in Colombia as Bobito Utta Tol and Coludo.The puffbirds are an insectivorous bird family related to the jacamars but lacking the iridescent colours of that group. The Russet-throated Puffbird is fairly common in dry scrub and dry forest.
 Main Street is a 2010 drama film about several residents of Durham North Carolina a city in the Southern U.S. whose lives are changed by the arrival of a stranger with a controversial plan to save their decaying hometown.
 Khalifa bin Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan (Arabic: خليفة بن زايد بن سلطان آل نهيان‎; born 25 January 1948; referred to as Sheikh Khalifa) is the President of the UAE and Ruler of Abu Dhabi. He succeeded to the position of Emir of Abu Dhabi on the moment of his father's death after a royal family meeting thereby becoming the President of the UAE the next day 3 November 2004 taking rule over from his father Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan.
 The Man Called Back is a 1932 American film directed by Robert Florey.Based on the novel Silent Thunder by Andrew Soutar the story follows a disgraced doctor (Conrad Nagel) who exiles himself to the South Seas and is rehabilitated by meeting a society woman and her irresponsible husband. This film was independently produced for the bargain-basement price of $68000 partly because Florey was allowed to re-use the tropical set constructed for RKO Pictures' 1932 Bird of Paradise.
 Mount Rosseau is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 43 km (27 mi) southwest of Courtenay and 23 km (14 mi) south of Mount Albert Edward. It is the highest summit of the Septimus-Rosseau massif. The most western summit of the massif is Mount Septimus.Mount Rosseau is part of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Caramelman and Asian Kung-Fu Generation is an early EP by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation released during their indie days. The mini-album was a joint-work with and composed almost entirely in English lyrics. The fourth track Aono Uta was later re-recorded and included within the band's major-label debut EP Hōkai Amplifier.
 The White-faced Plover (Charadrius alexandrinus dealbatus) is a subspecies of the Kentish Plover (Charadrius alexandrinus) found in Thailand Malaysia and Singapore. The bird resembles the Kentish Plover with which it has been much confused.
 Nokere Castle is a castle in Kruishoutem Belgium.
 Light Years Away (French: Les Années lumière) is a 1981 film directed by Alain Tanner. It tells the story of a young man who meets an old man who says he was taught by birds how to fly and is building a flying machine. It is based on a novel by Daniel Odier.Although filmed in English and shot in Ireland it was made by a Swiss director and produced by companies from France and Switzerland. The film won the Grand Prix Prize at the 1981 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Iron Ladies (Thai: สตรีเหล็ก or Satree lek) is a Thai comedy film from the year 2000. The movie follows the true events of a men's volleyball team composed mainly of gay and kathoey (transgender) athletes. The movie was directed by Youngyooth Thongkonthun and written by Visuttchai Boonyakarnjawa and Jira Maligool.In 2003 the combined sequel and prequel called The Iron Ladies 2 (Satree lek 2) [1] was released.
 Sir Charles Latham (26 January 1882 – 26 August 1968) was an Australian politician born in Hythe Kent in England.
 Luther is a 1961 play by John Osborne depicting the life of Martin Luther one of the instigators of the Protestant Reformation. Albert Finney created the role of Luther which he performed at with the English Stage Company at the Theatre Royal Nottingham the Théâtre Sarah Bernhardt Paris the Holland Festival the Royal Court Theatre London the Phoenix Theatre London and the St.
 Jack the Giant Slayer (previously titled Jack the Giant Killer) is a 2013 American fantasy adventure film based on the English fairy tales Jack the Giant Killer and Jack and the Beanstalk. The film is directed by Bryan Singer with a screenplay written by Darren Lemke Christopher McQuarrie and Dan Studney and stars Nicholas Hoult Eleanor Tomlinson Stanley Tucci Ian McShane Bill Nighy and Ewan McGregor.
 Asura amabilis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on the Solomon Islands.
 The Hospital for Tropical Diseases (HTD) is a specialist tropical disease hospital located in London United Kingdom. It is part of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust and is closely associated with University College London and the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine. It is the only NHS hospital dedicated to the prevention diagnosis and treatment of tropical diseases and travel-related infections.
 The MG's is a 1973 album recorded by The MG's for Stax Records. Both frontman Booker T. Jones and guitarist Steve Cropper were estranged from Stax by 1973. Remaining members Donald Duck Dunn and Al Jackson Jr. recruited Bobby Manuel to replace Cropper and Carson Whitsett to replace Jones.Billed as The MG's since Jones was not involved with the project the group released two singles Sugar Cane and Neck Bone.
 The Visayan Hornbill (Penelopides panini) is a hornbill found in rainforests on the islands of Panay Negros Masbate and Guimaras and formerly Ticao in the Philippines. It formerly included all other Philippine tarictic hornbills as subspecies in which case the common name of the 'combined species' was shortened to Tarictic Hornbill.
 Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Kolno and 88 km (55 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 500.
 A State of Mind is a 2004 documentary film directed by Daniel Gordon and produced by Nicholas Bonner. The film follows two North Korean child gymnasts and their families for over eight months during training for the 2003 Pyongyang mass games. The film won two awards at the North Korean Pyongyang International Film Festival in 2004 and was shown at 11 other film festivals worldwide before being released in a theatrical run in 2005.
 The Olatunji Concert: The Last Live Recording is the Impulse! Records-released final live recording of saxophonist John Coltrane recorded April 23 1967 at the Olatunji Center of African Culture in New York and released posthumously on Compact Disc. The album consists of two songs—Ogunde which Coltrane also recorded for his final self-approved album Expression and an especially free-form My Favorite Things which Coltrane had performed live regularly since 1960.
 The International Journal of Operations and Production Management is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Emerald Group Publishing.
 Nankhel is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4520 with 767 houses in it.
 On the Eve of Destruction: 1991–1995 is a compilation album by the Detroit Michigan punk rock band The Suicide Machines released in 2005 by Noise Riot Records. It collects nearly all the tracks from the band's early releases including The Essential Kevorkian and Green World demos the Vans Song single and other demos and rare tracks. Several of the songs were re-recorded for the band's debut album Destruction by Definition in 1996 but appear here in early rawer forms.
 Saul Laskin (15 May 1918 – 4 October 2008) was a Canadian politician. He was the first mayor of the City of Thunder Bay Ontario. Born in Fort William Ontario he was the younger brother of jurist Bora Laskin. He was educated in Fort William and Toronto and served overseas in World War II.
 Kálmán de Kánya (7 November 1869 - 28 February 1945) Foreign Minister of Hungary during the Horthy era. He started his diplomatic career in Constantinople. In 1913 he appointed as Austro-Hungarian ambassador to Mexico later to Berlin. From 1933 he served as Minister of Foreign Affairs. During his ministership Hungary joined to the Tripartite Pact the county became an ally of the Nazi Germany. Inside this he tried to counterbalance Germany's hegemony with increased cooperation with Italy.
 The Black-and-crimson Oriole (Oriolus cruentus) is a species of bird in the Oriolidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Worcester State Hospital was a Massachusetts state mental hospital located in Worcester Massachusetts. It is credited to the architectural firm of Weston & Rand. The hospital and surrounding associated historic structures are listed as Worcester Asylum and related buildings on the National Register of Historic Places.It was once known as the Worcester Lunatic Asylum and the Bloomingdale Asylum. The hospital dates back to the 1830s. On January 12 1833 the Worcester Insane Asylum opened.
 The Panzara-Kan or Panjhra is a river in the Kandesh region of Maharashtra state of India. It is a tributary of the Tapi River. The Panjhra River originates just few kilometers from the small town of Pimpalner tal-sakri in Dhule District. At its headwaters is a small reservoir which was created when the Latipada Dam was constructed.
 Yu is a 2003 Austrian drama film directed by Franz Novotny. It was entered into the 25th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Muhammad Tariq Tarar (Urdu: ًمحمد طارق تارڑ) (Tarik tareq tarique) date of Birth 13 May 1961) is a Pakistani legislator and a former Member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-108 (M.B.Din-I) for the PPP . He is from the village of Raike Phalia District Mandi Bahauddin Punjab.
 Robert Alexander Nader (born March 31 1928) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives serving from 1971 to 1982 when he became a judge.
 Tanda Putera (English: Mark of Prince) is a 2013 Malaysian film directed by Shuhaimi Baba. The film is set to be released in Malaysia on 13 September 2012 but delayed until 29 August 2013 The fictional biographical film about the 2nd prime minister of Malaysia Tun Abdul Razak (Father of current Prime Minister Najib Razak) and his then deputy Tun Dr Ismail set around the time after the 1969 racial riots. It is a Shuhaimi Baba's sequel film to 1957: Hati Malaya in 2007.
 Penny Wisdom is a 1937 American short comedy film directed by David Miller and produced by Pete Smith. The film won an Academy Award in 1938 for Best Short Subject (Color). This could be considered a remake of the MGM short film Menu (1933) also produced by Pete Smith.
 For other uses of the name Vampira see Vampira (disambiguation).Vampira (also known as Old Dracula) is a 1974 comedy/horror film spoofing the vampire genre. It stars David Niven and Teresa Graves. Following the success of Young Frankenstein Vampira was renamed Old Dracula for release in the United States in an attempt to cash in on Young Frankenstein's success.
 Regents Park is a 1026 unit upscale apartment complex in the Indian Village section of the Kenwood community area of Chicago in Cook County Illinois United States and adjacent to the Hyde Park community area border. Bordering Harold Washington Park its two parallel towers are just west of Lake Shore Drive Burnham Park and Lake Michigan with clear park and lake views to the east and south.
 Amerila omissa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found from the north-eastern parts of the Himalaya through China and Malaysia to Borneo.
 A Boy and His Samurai (ちょんまげぷりん Chonmage Purin Chonmage Pudding) is a 2010 Japanese time travel comedy film directed by Yoshihiro Nakamura.
 Nakayoshi (なかよし good friend also romanized Nakayosi in Kunrei-shiki) is a monthly (月刊 gekkan) shōjo manga magazine published by Kodansha in Japan. First published in December 1954 it is a long-running magazine with over 50 years worth of manga publication history. The target demographic for Nakayoshi (like Ribon and Ciao) is aimed at young girls between (ages 9–15).
 Olivella common name the dwarf olives is a genus of small predatory sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives. Olivella is the type genus of the family.
 Solo Command (1999) is the seventh novel in the Star Wars: X-wing series and the final book to detail the adventures of Wraith Squadron. It was written by Aaron Allston.
 Prophets is the debut album by Canadian hardcore band Counterparts. It was released February 23 2010 through Verona Records. The album is out of print.
 James L. Jim McIntire (born April 9 1953) is an American economist and politician who currently serves as the State Treasurer of Washington. A Democrat McIntire was first elected as Washington state Treasurer in 2008 and had previously served five terms in the Washington State House of Representatives from 1998 to 2009.
 Diplocardia is a genus of North American (USA Mexico) earthworms with 52-57 known species that is remarkably similar to Australian Diplotrema Spencer 1900.Species include Diplocardia pettiboneae Gates 1977 [misspelled D. pettibonae Gates 1977 by James (1995: 34) and this copied to Blakemore (2005/6) wherewithin species lists are presented].
 Live in Branson MO USA is a live album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released in 1993 on Laserlight Records and was produced by Ralph Jungheim. It was Smith's first official album (other than compilations) since 1978's New Horizons.
 Harikanassou is a village and rural commune in Niger.
 Schmerach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Cerithidea rhizophorarum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae.
 Soul Catcher (1972) is a novel by the science fiction writer Frank Herbert.It is about a Native American who kidnaps a young white boy and their journey together.
 Charles C. Platt Homestead is a historic home located at Plattsburgh in Clinton County New York. It was built about 1802 and is a two story rectangular plan dwelling on a stone foundation in the Federal style. It features a one story gable roof rear wing with a board and batten wing behind. In 1814 it was used as the headquarters for Major-General Sir Thomas Makdougall Brisbane during the Battle of Plattsburgh.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Kõpu is a village in Tõstamaa Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia. It has a population of 11 (as of 1 January 2011).In 1873 the Pootsi-Kõpu Holy Trinity Apostolic Orthodox church was built.The eastern half of the village is covered by Lindi Nature Reserve with Lindi bog.
 The Horror at 37000 Feet is an American horror television movie made for CBS Television by David Lowell Rich. The film first aired in 1973. In the movie demonic forces terrorize the passengers on a Boeing 747 en route from London to New York.William Shatner who 10 years earlier had starred in the Twilight Zone episode Nightmare at 20000 Feet plays the lead role.
 Vaidasoo is a village in Rae Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 110 (as of 1 January 2010).
 The People of Forever Are Not Afraid is a novel by the Israeli writer Shani Boianjiu published in 2012.
 Konstantinos Karatheodoris was a member of the distinguished Phanariote Karatheodori family. He served as the Ottoman-appointed Prince of Samos from 1906 to 1907. He was the younger brother of the diplomat and statesman Alexander Karatheodori Pasha who also served as Prince of Samos from 1885 to 1895.In his youth he studied Engineering in Europe. He became manager of the Ottoman railways and then a member of the Supreme Council of the Ottoman Empire.
 The Yellow-spotted Sun Moth (Synemon leucospila) is a moth in the Castniidae family. It is found in Australia including Western Australia.
 The Patagonian Tyrant (Colorhamphus parvirostris) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family the only one in the genus Colorhamphus. It is found in Argentina and Chile. Its natural habitat is temperate forests. Though it is a primarily insectivorous species it has been seen also to eat the seeds of mayten and the fruit of leñadura.
 Drive is an album by American banjoist Béla Fleck. The album was produced toward the end of Fleck's New Grass Revival career and before the Flecktones were formed and included an all-star list of bluegrass performers.
 Ivica Račan (pronounced [îʋitsa râtʃan]; 24 February 1944 – 29 April 2007) was a Croatian politician who was Prime Minister of Croatia from 2000 to 2003 heading two centre-left coalition governments. He was leader of the Social Democratic Party (SDP)—initially the League of Communists of Croatia (SKH)—from 1989 to 2007.
 Meu Testamento is a Portuguese language novel by Brazilian author Oswald de Andrade. It was first published in 1944.
 Duke of York Bay is an arm of Foxe Basin in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut Canada. It is located in northeastern Southampton Island. The bay is directly south of the southern end of White Island with Comer Strait at the western entrance and Falcon Strait at the eastern entrance.
 Water Flower (水の花 Mizu no Hana) is a Japanese film which was released on 5 August 2005.
 The Farewell Waltz (Czech: Valčík na rozloučenou) is a Czech-language novel by Milan Kundera published in 1972. A French edition was published in 1976 and an English version entitled The Farewell Party.This novel mostly deals with love hate and accidents between eight characters who are drawn together in a small spa town in Czechoslovakia in early 1970s.Like most Kundera's work The Farewell Waltz is a book of many layers. On the surface it is a comedy or a burlesque.
 The Gose is a small river a left tributary of the Oker in Lower Saxony Germany. It flows through the historic town centre of Goslar where its waters were once used in the brewing of the traditional Gose beer – although within Goslar itself the river is today known as the Abzucht (meaning conduit or drain). The Gose flows into the Oker about 3 km east of Goslar town centre.
 The Solnan (French: le Solnan) is a 61.6 km (38.3 mi) long river in the Ain and Saône-et-Loire départements eastern France. Its source is at Verjon in the Jura Mountains. It flows generally north-northwest. It is a left tributary of the Seille into which it flows at Louhans.Its main tributaries are the Sevron and the Vallière.
 Tom Swift and His Air Scout Or Uncle Sam's Mastery of the Sky is Volume 22 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.
 Pierre Curzi (born February 11 1946 in Montreal Quebec) is an actor screenwriter and politician in Quebec Canada. He is a former Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA) for the riding of Borduas in the Montérégie region south of Montreal. Elected under the Parti Québécois (PQ) banner he later sat as an independent.
 Rostki Bajtkowskie [ˈrɔstki bai̯tˈkɔfskʲɛ] (German: Rostken (1938-45:Waiblingen)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk within Ełk County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Ełk and 118 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kartlayt is a village in Dhofar Governorate in southwestern Oman.
 The Dahl's toad-headed turtle (Mesoclemmys dahli) is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.
 Scutellastra miliaris is a species of sea snail a true limpet a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Patellidae one of the families of true limpets.
 The Courage of Marge O'Doone is a 1920 American drama film directed by David Smith and featuring Boris Karloff. Its survival status is classified as unknown which suggests that it is a lost film.
 Jawed Usmani (Hindi: जावेद उस्मानी; Urdu: جاوید عثمانی‎) is the Chief Secretary to the Government of Uttar Pradesh. He was appointed to this post in March 2012.
 Dennis Vélez Barlucea is a Puerto Rican politician from the New Progressive Party (PNP). He served as member of the 20th Senate of Puerto Rico from 1993 to 1997.Vélez was elected to the Senate of Puerto Rico in the 1992 general election. He represented the District of Ponce along with Eddie Zavála Vázquez.Vélez ran again for the 1996 general election but lost to the candidates of the Popular Democratic Party (PPD).
 Return of the Ugly is the sixth studio album by Bad Manners released in 1989 (see 1989 in music). It was the band's first release on an independent label.
 Octopus is the seventh full-length studio album recorded by the British synthpop band The Human League. It was produced by the former Tears for Fears keyboard player Ian Stanley and released by EastWest Records in 1995. It was the first new album from the Human League in five years after the termination of their long-term contract with Virgin Records.
 Las Comillas (Spanish for the quotes pronounced: [las koˈmiʝas] ) is a Chilean village located in Pichilemu Cardenal Caro Province.
 Odžak is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Bulletin of the American Museum of Natural History (Bull. Am. Mus. Nat. Hist.) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the fields of zoology paleontology and geology. It is part of a group of journals published by the American Museum of Natural History in which context it is commonly referred to as the Bulletin to distinguish it from other series of journals published by the museum.The Bulletin was founded in 1881 originally for publishing short papers.
 Calderwood was a community once located along the Little Tennessee River in Blount County Tennessee United States. Established in 1912 as a base for the Aluminum Company of America's Little Tennessee Valley hydroelectric development operations the community continued to house construction personnel and dam maintenance personnel for nearby Calderwood Dam until the 1960s.
 The Piranhas River (lower Tocantincs River) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Tomb of Allama Muhammad Iqbal is a simple but impressive structure located in Lahore Pakistan in the Hazuri Bagh lawn between the Badshahi Mosque and the Lahore Fort where both the grand structures (the Mosque and the Fort) face each other. Official guard is maintained by Pakistan Rangers. The architecture reflects a combination of Afghan and Moorish styles and is entirely constructed of red sandstone.
 Women With Vision! is an English-language Canadian magazine of women's lifestyles and entrepreneurship.The magazine and website cover a variety of women's interests from fashion life coaching motivational speaking beauty home garden and decor to current affairs the arts health food and entertainment.
 Paurine Mpariwa is the Zimbabwe Minister of Labour and Social Welfare. She is the Member of House of Assembly for Mufakose (MDC-T).
 Rogue River Valley Grange No. 469 is a historic Grange hall located at 2064 Upper River Road in Grants Pass Oregon. It was built in 1923 in the bungalow craftsman style.On March 9 1992 Rogue River Valley Grange No. 469 was added to the National Register of Historic Places.The Grange hall was destroyed by fire on June 18 2012. The local Grange organization remains an active part of the Oregon State Grange.
 Wilson Shannon Kennon (May 15 1826 – June 18 1895 was a Republican politician who was in the Ohio House of Representatives and was appointed Ohio Secretary of State from 1862-1863.Wilson S. Kennon was son of William Kennon who represented Ohio in the U.S. House of Representatives and sat on the Ohio Supreme Court. He was born in St. Clairsville Ohio where he continued to reside. He was educated at the St.
 An Introduction to the Theoretical Basis of Nursing is the book that details Martha E. Rogers' grand nursing theory of the science of unitary human beings. The book serves as the theoretical basis for several nursing specialties including holistic nursing and space nursing.
 The Secret of Dr. Honigberger (Romanian: Secretul doctorului Honigberger) is a 1940 novella by the Romanian writer Mircea Eliade. It centres on the search for a 19th-century physician named Johann Martin Honigberger who disappeared in India while searching for the invisible kingdom Shambhala as well as his early 20th-century biographer who has also disappeared.Honigberger has existed and was a physician and ethnographer who travelled in Asia in the 19th century.
 Edvard Kardelj (pronounced [ˈeːdvaɾt kaɾˈdeːl]; 27 January 1910 – 10 February 1979) also known under the pseudonyms Bevc Sperans and Krištof was a journalist and one of the leading members of the illegal Communist Party from Ljubljana Slovenia before World War II.
 St Aloysius Convent of Mercy classrooms and girls dormitory (fmr) is located on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia. This building is a part of the complex built by the Sisters of Mercy to provide accommodation and a school.This single storey building was constructed by William Thomas Clark who tendered £4444 for the job in 1928. The architect was Mr. Edgar Le B. Henderson of Perth. It accommodated 35 girls and was strong enough to carry another storey if required.
 Traveler's Rest was a stopping point of the Lewis and Clark Expedition located about one mile south of Lolo Montana. The expedition stopped from September 9 to September 11 1805 before crossing the Bitterroot Mountains and again on the return trip from June 30 to July 3 1806. Traveler's Rest is at the eastern end of the Lolo Trail. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.
 Ajjakadirenahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Sidlaghatta taluk of Kolar district in Karnataka.
 The Caspian Tit (Poecile hyrcanus formerly Parus hyrcanus) is a passerine bird in the tit family. It is often lumped with Sombre Tit Poecile lugubris (del Hoyo et al.
 Lake Ray Roberts (formally Ray Roberts Lake) is a 29350-acre (119 km2) reservoir located 10 miles (20 km) north of Denton Texas between the cities of Pilot Point Texas and Sanger Texas. It was named after Ray Roberts (a local congressman who supported creation of the lake) in 1980.It is located in and supplies water to Cooke Grayson and Denton counties. On March 2 1945 the U.S.
 Hamlet and Oedipus is a study of William Shakespeare's Hamlet in which the titular character's famously inexplicable behaviours are subjected to investigation along psychoanalytic lines.The study was written by Sigmund Freud's colleague and biographer Ernest Jones following on from Freud's own comments on the play as expressed to Wilhelm Fliess in 1897 before being published in Chapter V of The Interpretation of Dreams (1899).
 Christian Frémont (born 1942) was the chief of staff for Nicolas Sarkozy. He was also the Representative of the French Co-Prince of Andorra from September 2008 to May 2012.
 Kakkarakottai is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.Kakkaraikkottai is a village of Orathanadu taluk; the area is about 10 km2 and population is about 5000. This panchayath contains three villages: Kakkaraikkottai west Kakkaraikkottai east and Vadakkunaththam respectively. The village is bordered by Thekkur in the west Pinnayur in the east Vadakkikottai in north and Karukkadipatti in the southThere is one small river running through the village.
 The Advance Thresher/Emerson-Newton Implement Company buildings in Minneapolis Minnesota are a pair of buildings designed by Kees and Colburn. The two buildings are united under a common cornice and appear to be a single structure. However the two buildings were actually built four years apart. The Advance Thresher Company building was built in 1900 and has six floors. The adjacent Emerson-Newton Plow Company building was built in 1904 and has seven floors.
 Blake Oshiro (born January 16 1970) is an American politician currently serving as deputy chief of staff to Neil Abercrombie the governor of Hawaii. He previously served as Majority Leader of the Hawaii House of Representatives where he represented District 33 comprising the Honolulu neighborhoods of Aiea and Halawa. He spent ten years in the legislature.Oshiro was first elected to the House in 2000 and took office the following January.
 The Young Stranger (1957) is a low-budget drama film the first film directed by John Frankenheimer. It was based on the teleplay Deal a Blow by Robert Dozier.
 The Rose City Electric Automobile Garage located in northwest Portland Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 From a Boy to a Man is the seventh studio album from American rapper San Quinn.
 Thomas Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Thomas Tucker County West Virginia. It encompasses 48 contributing buildings and two contributing structures. They include the business and commercial core of Thomas. Most of the buildings in the district date from the late-19th and early-20th century in popular architectural styles such as Italianate Renaissance Revival and Gothic Revival.
 Brüggen Glacier also known as Pío XI Glacier is in southern Chile and is the largest western outflow from the Southern Patagonian Ice Field. Now about 66 km (41 mi) in length it is the longest glacier in the southern hemisphere outside of Antarctica. Unlike most glaciers worldwide it advanced significantly from 1945 to 1976 Brüggen surged 5 km (3.1 mi) across the Eyre Fjord reaching the western shore by 1962 and cutting off Lake Greve from the sea.
 Miłowice [mʲiwɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Biała Prudnicka 9 km (6 mi) north of Prudnik and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Ché OVNI is a 1968 Argentine science-fiction musical comedy film directed by Aníbal Uset and starring Juan Carlos Altavista Javier Portales Jorge Sobral and Marcela López Rey.
 Mt Kerling (Old Hag) is the highest mountain (1538 m) in the District of Eyjafjarðarsveit in the northern part of Iceland. Its structure is mainly basaltic rock but the uppermost part is rhyolite which extends to Mts Súlur nearby and all the way to the lower slopes of Mt. Vindheimajökull to the north of valley Glerardalur.Considered an easy climb with excellent panoramic views on a fine day.
 The Sărișorul Mic River is a tributary of the Sărișorul Mare River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Pârâul Snopului and Țancuri River
 Alwyn Louis Schlebusch (16 September 1917 – 7 January 2008) was the only holder of the title Vice State President of South Africa from 1 January 1981 to 14 September 1984. He was an Afrikaner with a surname of German origin.
 John C. Bradford (born February 16 1940 in Middleborough Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented 10th Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1985–1993.
 The Madagascan Cuckoo-Hawk (Aviceda madagascariensis) also known as the Madagascar Baza or the Madagascan Cuckoo Falcon is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The Executive was a monthly entrepreneurship publication. It covered business management finance and leadership. Articles were primarily written in a self-help.It began publication under Singapore Media Press in December 2006.
 Clay County Progress is a weekly newspaper based in Clay County North Carolina covering Clay and Cherokee counties in North Carolina and Towns County Georgia.
 Naan (English: Me) is a 2012 Tamil crime thriller film directed by Jeeva Shankar starring composer Vijay Antony in the lead role as a psychopath killer who also produced it and worked as the music director. Siddharth Venugopal and Rupa Manjari appeared in supporting roles. The filming of Naan began in April 2010. The film was released on 15 August 2012 and received positive response. This film was declared a super-hit in the box-office at the end of its run.
 Reno 911!: Miami is a 2007 comedy film based on Comedy Central's Reno 911! directed by cast member Robert Ben Garant who plays Junior. It was released on February 23 2007. The film opened at #4 with an estimated gross of $10.4 million.
 Phyllonorycter arizonella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the United States (Arizona).The larvae feed on Arbutus arizonica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a broad tract with loosened epidermis. It is somewhat greenish at first but later turns brown. It is found on the upperside of the leaf.
 Cantrainea nuda is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae.
 Stone Eagles also known as the Mochary House is located in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1929 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 1 1988.
 The Abajo Mountains also called the Blue Mountains is a small mountain range west of Monticello Utah south of Canyonlands National Park and north of Blanding Utah. The mountain range is located within the Manti-La Sal National Forest.
 Cheshmeh-ye Ali (Persian: چشمه علي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye ‘Alī and Chashmeh-ye ‘Alī; also known as Chashma ‘Al) is a village in Sefid Sang Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Woodland in Huntsville Texas was the residence of Sam Houston from 1847 to 1859. The clapboard-over-log house is on the grounds of Sam Houston State University and is part of the Sam Houston Memorial Museum.
 Rybin [ˈrɨbin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobyla Góra within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kobyla Góra 18 km (11 mi) west of Ostrzeszów and 129 km (80 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Meneria Metalmark (Amarynthis meneria) is a butterfly of the Riodinidae family. It is only member of the Amarynthis genus. It is a common species in lowland rainforests east of the Andes from Venezuela Surinam and Guyana south through the Brazilian Amazon to Peru and northern Argentina.
 San Domenico is a church in Pisa Italy. It was erected in 1385 under the guidance of Pietro Gambacorti adjacent to a Dominican Convent. Pietro’s daughter the beatified Chiara Gambacorti resided in that convent.In 1724 through 1732 the interior was decorated in the ornate late-Baroque style. The church and the adjacent convent were extensively damaged during World War II. It is today in use by the Order of the Knights of Malta.
 The Politically Incorrect Guide to English and American Literature is the sixth book in Regnery Publishing's Politically Incorrect Guide series published in December 2006.The book argues that the study of literature in universities today is distorted by theories - developed in the 1960s at Yale and expanding through the 1970s and 1980s - that are aimed at attacking western civilization and Christianity for their alleged racism and sexism.
 Seljani (Cyrillic: Сељани) is a village in the municipality of Konjic Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Bare-throated Whistler (Pachycephala nudigula) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Quincy School is a historic school at 94 Newbury Avenue in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. A longtime elementary school it closed in 1981 following city cutbacks in the wake of Proposition 2 1/2 and was subsequently sold to private developers for conversion to condominiums.
 Dixon also known as Dixon's Plantation is a historic plantation home located near Shacklefords King and Queen County Virginia. It was built about 1793 and is a two-story five bay frame house with brick end walls. It has a gambrel roof and sits on a brick foundation. Curving hyphens connect the main house to flanking buildings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Call Me by My Name is the sixth studio album by British soulsinger Ruby Turner released in October 1998. Turner co-wrote five songs and enlisted the help of rhythm and blues luminaries Bobby Tench Zoot Money Stan Webb and Bad Company bassist Boz Burrell.
 Janet Trujillo (born in Salt Lake City Utah) is a Republican Idaho State Representative since 2012 representing District 33 in the A seat.
 Tropic was The Miami Herald's Sunday magazine published as an insert in the Sunday edition from 1967 until 1998. Tropic won three Pulitzer Prizes and published many writers who went on to become well known. The magazine published humor columnist Dave Barry's Gene Weingarten Carl Hiaasen Paul Levine Madeleine Blais Joel Achenbach Bill Cosford Tom Shroder among others.The magazine created the Tropic Hunt now known as the Herald Hunt.
 Love Marriage (2008) is the debut novel by author V.V. Ganeshananthan set in Sri Lanka and North America. Published by Random House in April 2008 Love Marriage was named one of the Washington Post Book World's Best of 2008 and appeared on the longlist for the Orange Prize. It was also selected as a Barnes & Noble Discover Great New Writers Pick. Ganeshananthan began the novel as part of her senior thesis at Harvard University under the direction of Jamaica Kincaid.
 Army Garrison Bampur (Persian: پادگان نظامي ارتش‎ – Pādegān-e Nez̧āmī Ārtesh) is a village and military installation in Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Bampur County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 33 families.
 The Red River is a 10.6-mile-long (17.1 km) river of Minnesota and Wisconsin flowing to the St. Louis River southwest of Duluth.
 Paramesiodes is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 BBC Radiophonic Workshop – A Retrospective is a 2008 compilation of music and effects from the BBC Radiophonic Workshop. It was released to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the establishment of the workshop and includes material ranging from then to its closure. Many of the tracks were previously released on the BBC Radiophonic Workshop - 21 and The Soundhouse.
 Parviz Kazemi (born 29 January 1958 in Tehran) is an Iranian politician and former Minister of Welfare and Social Security in the first cabinet of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. He was proposed by Ahmadinejad to parliament in August 2005 but was resigned after one year.
 The Little Colorado River is a river in the U.S. state of Arizona providing the principal drainage from the Painted Desert region. Together with its major tributary the Puerco River it drains an area of about 26500 square miles (69000 km2) in eastern Arizona and western New Mexico.
 Ernst Rüdiger Camillo Starhemberg (Eferding 10 May 1899 – Schruns 15 March 1956; His Serene Highness Ernst Rüdiger Camillo 6. Fürst von Starhemberg until the 1919 abolition of nobility) was an Austrian nationalist and conservative politician prior to World War II a leader of the Heimwehr and later of the Christian Social Party/Fatherland's Front.
 Come and Go is a short play (described as a dramaticule on its title page) by Samuel Beckett. It was written in English in January 1965 and first performed (in German) at the Schillertheater Berlin on 14 January 1966. Its English language premiere was at the Peacock Theatre Dublin on 28 February 1966 and its British premiere was at the Royal Festival Hall in London on 9 December 1968.
 One Metropolitan Square also known as Met Square is a skyscraper completed in 1989 in downtown St. Louis Missouri. At 180.7 m (593 ft) it is the tallest building in the city and second tallest building in Missouri behind One Kansas City Place in Kansas City.
 The Haune is a 64 km long river in Hesse Germany right tributary of the Fulda. Its source is southeast of the town Fulda in the Rhön Mountains. The Haune flows generally north through the towns Hünfeld Burghaun and Haunetal. It flows into the Fulda in Bad Hersfeld.
 APT (released as 9:56 in Singapore) is a 2006 South Korean horror film directed produced and written by Ahn Byeong-ki and starring Ko So-young. It is based on a comic by Kang Full. The name APT is from the English word meaning apartment. The film had 644893 admissions nationwide.
 The Riots is a play created by Gillian Slovo from spoken evidence which explains and evaluates the events that took place during the 2011 England riots. The play is written in the style of verbatim theatre using interviews from politicians police rioters and victims involved in the riots. The Riots first opened at the Tricycle Theatre in Kilburn on 22 November 2011 after previewing from 17 November 2011.
 The Moustached Laughingthrush (Garrulax cineraceus) is a bird species in the Leiothrichidae family. In the proposed rearrangement of the laughingthrushes it is placed in the genus Ianthocincla as I. cineracea.It is found in China India and Myanmar. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Brooklyn Heights is a village in Cuyahoga County Ohio United States. The population was 1543 at the 2010 census.
 Dayton Fire Station No. 14 is an historic structure at 1422 N. Main St. in Dayton Ohio. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 27 1980. It was designed by the Peters Burns & Pretzinger firm.
 Lake Paiku (or Peiku) -- in Tibetan Paiku-Tso or -Tsho—is at 4591 meters (15070 ft) elevation on the Tibetan Plateau at 28°55′N 85°35′E 18 km south of the Yarlung Tsangpo (Brahmaputra) River. The lake is 27 km (17 mi) long and 6 km (3.7 mi) wide at its narrowest. It is surrounded by mountains reaching 5700 to 6000 meters (19 to 20000 ft).
 Crime and Dissonance is a 2005 compilation album of Italian composer Ennio Morricone's film score work. Intended as a follow-up to two earlier Morricone compilations assembled by Dagored the album was put together by Alan Bishop and released by Ipecac Recordings.
 Simple Math is the third studio album from Atlanta-based indie rock band Manchester Orchestra. It was released on May 10 2011 through independent label Favorite Gentlemen Recordings itself distributed by Sony Music Entertainment.
 The House is one of the restaurants at the Cliff House Hotel in Ardmore County Waterford Ireland. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded a Michelin star from 2010 to present. Bridgestone Guides also lists the hotels as one of the 100 Best Places To Eat. Journalist Pol O Conghaile listed the hotel and restaurant on his The travel hot list 2010 in the Irish Independent.The original Cliff House Hotel was established around 1932.
 The Andean small-eared shrew (Cryptotis avia) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to Colombia.
 Will Power is a 1987 album by Joe Jackson. It is his first experiment with classical music continued in later albums including Night Music Heaven and Hell and Symphony No. 1.
 art press is a monthly international review of contemporary art. Its first issue was for December 1972–January 1973. The original branding which has hardly changed since was by Roger Tallon. Articles are in French and English.
 John B. Good House is a historic home located at Bowmansville Brecknock Township in Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1847 and is a 2 1/2-story sandstone building with a gable roof and full-width front porch. The house measures 36 feet by 30 feet. The property includes the remains of demolished outbuildings including a summer kitchen barn large drive-in scales and corn crib.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Pop Lib is an EP album by New Zealand band The Puddle released in 1982.
 The Other Side of Benny Golson is the third album by saxophonist Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in late 1958 and originally released on the Riverside label.
 The Schmittenhöhe is a mountain 1965 m AA high on the eastern edge of the Kitzbühel Alps. It is the local mountain of the district capital of Zell am See from where a cable car was built in 1927 by Adolf Bleichert & Co. that runs to the summit. The cable car system has been renovated several times since.
 Modge is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 The House of Branching Love (Finnish: Haarautuvan rakkauden talo) is a 2009 Finnish comedy-drama film directed by Mika Kaurismäki. It is based on the novel Haarautuvan rakkauden talo by Petri Karra. The film is about a married couple going through a divorce.
 The Valea Boii River is a tributary of the Aleu River in Romania.
 Edmund Jüssen (1830-February 17 1891) was an American politician and diplomat. Jüssen came to the Wisconsin Territory from Germany in 1847. He open a store in Columbus Wisconsin. He then moved to Saint Louis Missouri and back to Columbus Wisconsin. He studied law and was admitted to the Wisconsin bar. Jüssen served in the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1862 as a Republican. He served in the 23rd Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment as a colonel in the American Civil War.
 Switched-On Bach II is a musical album by Wendy Carlos produced by Carlos and Rachel Elkind and released in 1973. Talking about Switched-On Bach II American Record Guide in 2000 said Switched-On Bach II has the Badinerie Minuet and Bourrée from Bach's orchestral suite in B minor the Inventions in A and A minor 'Sheep May Safely Graze' four little pieces from Anna Magdalena's Notebook (including a heart-rending 'Bist du bei mir') and Brandenburg 5.
 Matthew Hair Farm also known as the Calvin Shaulis Farm and Fruit Crest is a historic farm and national historic district located at Jenner Township in Somerset County Pennsylvania. The district includes three contributing buildings and three contributing structures. The buildings are a Georgian-inspired vernacular brick house (1817) Germanic-influenced bank barn (c. 1870) and a kitchen / spring house (c. 1850).
 The Vâlta River is a tributary of the Coșna River in Romania.
 Travyanka (Russian: Травянка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Veslyana River which in turn is a tributary of Kama River. The length of the river is 48 km. Its source is located near the border with Komi Republic; flows through northwestern portion of Gaynsky District of the krai.
 Strojców [ˈstrɔi̯t͡suf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesław within Dąbrowa County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north of Dąbrowa Tarnowska and 74 km (46 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 100.
 Scullion is the first studio album by Irish band Scullion. It was released in 1979 by Mulligan Music and produced by P.J. Curtis.
 Kenneth M. Duberstein (born April 21 1944) served as U.S. President Ronald Reagan's White House Chief of Staff from 1988 to 1989.
 Horner House and Barn also known as Alexander Horner House and Locust Grive Farm is a historic home and barn located at Cumberland Township Adams County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1819 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay vernacular Federal style dwelling. It has a main block and rear ell and sits on an uncut fieldstone foundation. The bank barn was built in 1840. The barn has two levels and measures 100 feet 6 inches by 50 feet.
 Mestolaemus fallax is a species of beetle in the family Laemophloeidae the only species in the genus Mestolaemus.
 Pentila glagoessa the Immaculate Cream Pentila is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in eastern and southern Nigeria Cameroon Gabon the Democratic Republic of Congo (Haut-Uele Tshopo Equateur and Sankuru) and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.Adults resemble day-flying cream moths.
 Swar Utsav is a live album of the Indian singer and Ghazal composer Hariharan released in the year 2001. The album features 6 songs all of them performed by Hariharan during a concert at India Gate New Delhi in 2001.The song Patta Patta Boota Boota is written by 18th-century poet Mir Taqi Mir. This song was composed by Hariharan itself. The other songs are written by Naushad Ali Daag Dehlvi and Jan Nisar Akhtar.
 Kintana is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 Alberta Tinsley-Talabi is a Democrat member of the Michigan House of Representatives. She was a member of the Detroit City Council from 1993 to 2009. She has also served as a Wayne County Commissioner. She is currently being investigated for accepting money while on the Detroit City Council but has not been charged.Tinsley-Talabi was first elected to the State House in 2010.
 The Stoclet Palace (French: Palais Stoclet Dutch: Stocletpaleis) is a private mansion built by architect Josef Hoffmann between 1905 and 1911 in Brussels Belgium for banker and art lover Adolphe Stoclet. Considered Hoffman's masterpiece the Stoclet's house is one of the most refined and luxurious private houses of the twentieth century.The mansion is still occupied by the Stoclet family and is not open to visitors. It was designated as a world heritage site by UNESCO in June 2009.
 Chicoreus aculeatus common name the pendant murex is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Matthew Thornton House was the home of Matthew Thornton a signer of the U.S. Declaration of Independence.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.It is located at 2 Thornton Street at the intersection with North Main Street in Derry New Hampshire.
 Lake gem is a round lake on the north side of Winter Haven Florida. It is tiny and has a surface area of 3.15-acre (12700 m2). On its north side is residential housing. On its east west and south it is bordered by trees. It is just north of the Polk State College campus. 11th Street Northeast passes 50 feet (15 m) to the east of Lake Gem.Lake Gem has no public boat ramp or swimming beach. The only public access is along the strip of land bordering 11th Street.
 Joseph Allen Frear Jr. (March 7 1903 – January 15 1993) was an American businessman and politician. A Democrat he served as a United States Senator from Delaware from 1949 to 1961.
 Hirehalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Challakere taluk of Chitradurga district in Karnataka.
 The Verificationist is a 2000 novel by American author Donald Antrim. The novel follows the conversations fantasies and the emotionally dissociated states of a group of psychoanalysts gathered during a nocturnal pancake supper.
 The South Dakota Board of Regents is a governing board that controls six public universities in the U.S. state of South Dakota. These include Black Hills State University Dakota State University Northern State University South Dakota School of Mines and Technology South Dakota State University and the University of South Dakota.
 Standing for Something: 10 Neglected Virtues That Will Heal Our Hearts and Homes is a self-improvement book by Gordon B. Hinckley the 15th president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The foreword to the book was written by Emmy Award-winning journalist Mike Wallace and it bears endorsements by William J. Bennett Stephen R. Covey and United States Senator Joseph Leiberman.
 Notohippidae is an extinct family of notoungulate mammals from South America. Notohippids are known from the Eocene and Oligocene epochs.
 The Test is the 43rd book in the Animorphs series written by K.A. Applegate. It was ghostwritten by Ellen Geroux. It is narrated by Tobias.
 Lake Déllő is a lake of Hungary.
 The Pendragon Legend is a 1934 novel by the Hungarian writer Antal Szerb.The book is a philosophical thriller/comedy/murder-mystery/ghost story set first in London and then in Wales. A mystical element is diffused through an increasingly complex plot as all threads converge in the final chapters.The Pendragon Legend was first translated into English by Lili Halápy in 1963 and again by Len Rix in 2006.
 Kurozakuro (クロザクロ) is a manga series by Yoshinori Natsume. The series was ended after seven volumes.
 Hobsons Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Calliotropis infundibulum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.
 This article is about the Piney River of East Tennessee. For the river of the same name in Middle Tennessee see Piney River (Middle Tennessee).The Piney River is a stream that drains a portion of Tennessee's Cumberland Plateau generally referred to in the area as Walden Ridge. It rises near the Rhea County – Bledsoe County line and is referred to in its upper reaches roughly until its confluence with Duskin Creek as Piney Creek.
 The Chandler is a 36-story high-rise situated at the mouth of the Chicago River and Lake Michigan. Completed in June 2008 The Chandler is located at 450 E. Waterside Drive in the Lakeshore East area of Chicago. The Chandler is part of urban community development Lakeshore East.
 East of the Mountains is a novel by American author David Guterson first published in 1999 and in paperback in 2000. His second full novel it marks something of a change of pace from the taut courtroom drama of Snow Falling on Cedars (1994) being primarily focused on the chance actions and introspective musings of its protagonist over the course of a few days.
 Thomas Otis (Tom) Murry (born May 8 1977) is a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's 41st House district in western Wake County. He defeated incumbent Rep. Chris Heagarty in the 2010 general election.
 The Cass Motor Sales is a commercial building located at 5800 Cass Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Nowa Rozedranka [ˈnɔva rɔzɛˈdraŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 The Chemistry of Death is a novel by the British crime fiction writer Simon Beckett first published in 2006. The novel introduced the character of Dr David Hunter who has gone on to feature in other novels by the writer.The Chemistry of Death was nominated for the Duncan Lawrie Dagger by the Crime Writer's Association in 2006.
 The Boyd Avenue Historic District is a residential district comprising 80 houses in Martinsburg West Virginia. The district includes the circa 1776 Aspen Hall and the associated Mendenhall's Fort of circa 1756. The district extends along Boyd Avenue 1500 feet (460 m) from West Race Street to Aspen Hall. The older section of the street is a single 40-foot (12 m) right-of-way while the newer portion is boulevarded with a grassed median between two separate roads.
 Catholic Family News (ISSN:1054-5682) is a Traditionalist Catholic monthly publication edited by traditionalist Catholic journalist John Vennari printed and published in the Western New York/Southern Ontario region. Catholic Family Ministries which publishes the monthly Catholic Family News (CFN) is run by John Vennari.Catholic Family News has no official affiliation with the various traditionalist groups but is sympathetic regarding the Society of Saint Pius X.
 Amblyseius bellatulus is a species of mite in the Phytoseiidae family. It was described by Tseng in 1983.
 The Paranaíta River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Astronomy is the fifth full-length album by the Christian rock band Bleach. It was released in 2003 under Tooth & Nail Records. This album was dedicated to Captain Josh Byers who was killed in the Iraq War on July 23 2003. He was the brother of band members Milam Byers and Jared Byers.
 The Mirrors of Tuzun Thune is one of the original short stories about Kull of Atlantis written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine circa 1929. It is one of only three Kull stories to be published in Howard's lifetime.Set in the fictional Pre-Historic Thurian Age it deals with a disillusioned King Kull questioning the meaning of existence leading him to seek the council of a two-faced wizard.
 William Sylvester Taylor (October 10 1853 – August 2 1928) was the 33rd Governor of Kentucky. He was initially declared the winner of the disputed gubernatorial election of 1899 but the Kentucky General Assembly reversed the election results giving the victory to his opponent William Goebel. Taylor served only 50 days as governor.A poorly educated but politically astute lawyer Taylor began climbing the political ladder by holding local offices in his native Butler County.
 Storm Over the Nile is a 1955 film adaptation of the novel The Four Feathers directed by Terence Young. The film not only extensively used footage of the action scenes from the 1939 film version stretched into CinemaScope but exactly the same screenplay almost line-for-line also then directed by Zoltan Korda as well as several pieces of music by the original composer Miklos Rozsa.
 Samarzewo [samaˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lądek within Słupca County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Słupca and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Shrine of New Generation Slaves is the fifth studio album by Polish progressive rock band Riverside. The album was released on January 18 2013 in Poland January 21 in the rest of Europe and February 5 in USA. It is available in four different formats: digital 1CD jewelcase 2CDs mediabook and 2LP vinyl. The latter two contain two bonus tracks. The author of the art booklets is as is the case with all the previous albums Travis Smith.
 John Patitucci is the debut solo album of jazz bassist John Patitucci. The album charted #1 at the Billboard Top Jazz Albums 1987.
 Nimrata Nikki Randhawa Haley (born January 20 1972) is an American politician and the 116th and current Governor of South Carolina. A member of the Republican Party Haley represented Lexington County in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 2005 to 2010.In the 2010 South Carolina gubernatorial election Haley was endorsed for the Republican nomination by former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin and the Tea Party movement.
 Eyach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It flows for 49.8 kilometres.
 Oliva sidelia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Popstar is an American film that features teen singer Aaron Carter in his only lead role in a feature film. The direct-to-video film was directed by Richard Gabai and written by Timothy Barton; the film was released on November 8 2005. The premiere was held in The Woodlands Texas. It was filmed in Calabasas California at A.C. Stelle Middle School and the Commons.
 Ostrea diluviana is a fossil species of oyster.
 Dan Skogen (born December 14 1957) is a Minnesotan politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 10 which includes all or portions of Becker Otter Tail and Wadena counties in the northwestern part of the state.
 Simply the Best: Honestly Love You - Her Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by Olivia Newton-John that was released in 1995.
 My Father's Glory (French: La Gloire de mon père) is a 1957 autobiographical novel by Marcel Pagnol. Its sequel is My Mother's Castle. It is the first of four volumes in Pagnol's Souvenirs d'enfance series. It is also a 1990 film based on the novel and directed by Yves Robert.
 Auto da Fé (original title Die Blendung The Blinding) is a 1935 novel by Elias Canetti; the title of the English translation (by C. V. Wedgwood 1946) refers to the burning of heretics by the Inquisition.
 The Taiwan Times (Chinese: 台灣時報; pinyin: Táiwān Shíbào; Wade–Giles: Tái-wān Shí-pào) is a newspaper based in Taiwan. The newspaper began publishing on August 25 1971. Wang Hsing-ching worked as one of its notable reporters.
 Jankowo [janˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Świątki and 22 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.While traditionally Prussian with the Second Peace of Thorn in 1466 the area became part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1772; 1772-1945 Kingdom of Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Robert L. Joynt (May 22 1845 – November 4 1931) was an Ontario merchant and political figure. He represented Grenville in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1898 to 1904 as a Conservative member.He was born in New Boyne Leeds County Canada West the son of Irish immigrants. Joynt was reeve for Augusta Township from 1891 to 1895 and warden for the United Counties of Leeds and Grenville in 1895. He married Margaret Donovan in 1874. He died in 1931.
 Rudawki [ruˈdafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smętowo Graniczne within Starogard County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Smętowo Graniczne 31 km (19 mi) south of Starogard Gdański and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 70.
 Indignation is a novel by Philip Roth released by Houghton Mifflin on September 16 2008. It is his twenty-ninth book.
 Isaabad (Persian: عيسي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Īsáābād; also known as ‘Īsāābād-e Sar Bonān and Īsīābād) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 609 in 145 families.
 Daniel Duncan McKenzie PC (January 8 1859 – June 8 1927) was a Canadian lawyer judge and politician.
 Terrae Incognitae is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of cartography geography and exploration. It is published by the Society for the History of Discoveries.
 The Râul Leleștilor is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Homostolus acer the Filament cusk is a species of cusk-eel found in the western Pacific Ocean from the waters off of Japan to Australia and New Caledonia where it occurs at depths of from 300 to 1000 metres (980 to 3280 ft). This species grows to a length of 18.4 centimetres (7.2 in) SL and is of minor importance to commercial fisheries. It is the only known member of its genus.
 Fusolatirus luteus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 The Bârloaia River is a tributary of the Suciu River in Romania.
 Sheykh Hozur (Persian: شيخ حضور‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Ḩoẕūr Sheikh Hozoor and Sheykh ’ozūr) is a village in Fatuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Bastak County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 440 in 93 families.
 Urisići (Serbian: Урисићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Varkureh (Persian: وركوره‎ also Romanized as Varkūreh; also known as Varkūrā) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District Rankuh District Amlash County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 370 in 109 families.
 Shwehnit is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 Douglas Dewayne Moseley known as Doug Moseley (born March 24 1928) is a retired United Methodist minister and author who served as a Republican member of the Kentucky State Senate from 1974 to 1986. The Senate district included the eight counties of Adair Clinton Cumberland Green Metcalfe Russell Taylor and Wayne and at times Casey and a part of McCreary counties.
 New Boy EP is an extended play released by the American pop/rock band The Connells. Along with the title song the EP included the Jethro Tull cover Living in The Past and two tracks recorded live at Purple Dragon Studio in Atlanta GA for broadcast on Live X (WNNX).
 Mariko Yamada (born October 23 1950) is a Democratic assemblywoman from California's 4th Assembly district. Assemblywoman Yamada was elected in 2008 after defeating West Sacramento mayor Christopher Cabaldon in a competitive Democratic primary a defeat that many considered an upset win for Yamada. She is the third consecutive woman from Davis to be elected to this seat following in the footsteps of Helen Thomson and Lois Wolk.
 Anderson Lake is located about 25 miles North of the town of Pemberton British Columbia and is about 28.5 km² (11 sq mi) in area and around 21 km (13 mi) in length. Its maximum depth is 215 meters (705 feet). It is drained by the Seton River which feeds Seton Lake and so the Fraser River.
 The Rufous-browed Flycatcher (Anthipes solitaris) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family. It is found in Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It was formerly placed in the genus Ficedula.
 Easy Now is the third album by American-born singer/songwriter Jeb Loy Nichols released in 2002 on the Rykodisc record label.
 Nes is a village in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The village is located on the western shore of the Lustrafjorden about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) east of the municipal centre of Gaupne. The village sits along Norwegian County Road 55 which follows the coastline of the fjord. Nes Church is located in the village.
 Music of the Millennium III is the third and final edition in the Music of the Millennium album series. The album was released at the beginning of the third millennium and it includes some of the most influential names that have contributed to popular music in the 20th century. The album sees some of the biggest international hits from the 1960s 1970s 1980s and 1990s. Different versions of the album have been released including an international versions and a Japanese version.
 The Youth's Companion Building is a historic building at 209 Columbus Avenue in Boston Massachusetts. The building is also known as the Pledge of Allegiance Building because the Pledge of Allegiance was written and published there. The building originally had the address 201 Columbus Avenue and also has the address 142 Berkeley Street.
 Shi to Kanojo to Boku (死と彼女とぼく) is a Japanese horror manga series by Madoka Kawaguchi. It was adapted into a television series that premiered in 21 September 2012 in Japan.
 Deep Heat 2 – The Second Burn the second album in Telstar Records' hugely successful Deep Heat compilation series was released in April 1989. Containing 28 full length dance tracks it continued the series' success reaching #2 on the Compilations Chart and being awarded a UK Gold Disc for album sales in excess of 100000 copies. As with the rest of the series the album features numerous styles of dance music of the time including techno acid house and hip house.
 Viera Tomanová (born February 5 1948) is a Slovak politician former Minister of Labour of Slovakia under Prime Minister Robert Fico.As a Minister she became known for her wild statements and many controversies most famously claiming her dog was poisoned in her house prompting Prime Minister Fico to accuse Slovak journalists of the deed. She was popular among the elderly citizens for establishing Christmas pensions 13th state pensions issued out in December.
 Brooklyn Church and Cemetery is a historic church in Chatham Louisiana.It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Marcelo Llorente (born March 7 1977 in Miami Florida) was a Republican Representative in the House of Representatives of the U.S. state of Florida. He was first elected in 2002 and re-elected in 2004 2006 and 2008. At the time of his election to the Florida House of Representatives Marcelo was the third youngest person ever elected to that body. He is the son of Cuban parents.On June 17 2009 Marcelo Llorente announced that he will be running for Mayor of Miami-Dade County in 2012.
 Wouter Beke (born 9 August 1974) is a Belgian politician and a member of the CD&V. He was reelected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2007.Wouter Beke studied Social Law at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and Political Sciences at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven. He is a doctor in the Social Sciences.While working as a researcher at the Leuven University he entered politics in his municipality Leopoldsburg. He became a senator in 2004.
 Hõbesalu is a village in Varbla Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia on the coast of the Gulf of Riga. It has a population of 15 (as of 1 January 2011).Half of the village is covered by Nehatu Nature Reserve.
 Go Jump in the Pool! is a 1979 children's novel by Canadian author Gordon Korman. This is the second novel in the Macdonald Hall series. It continues the plights and adventures of Bruno Walton and Boots O'Neal. The book was republished in 2003; the text was updated to appeal to today's generation of young readers and to match today's economy (e.g. the pool in the original version cost $25000. It now costs $50000).
 Teater Tun Siti Hasmah is a Malaysian play directed by Erma Fatima and starring Lisa Surihani Eja Nazim Othman and Esma Danial. It depicts the life of Tun Dr. Siti Hasmah Mohamad Ali wife of Malaysian prime minister Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad concentrating largely on her role as a doctor and medical officer in her youth before becoming Malaysia's first lady. The play was produced in November 2012 at the Istana Budaya Malaysia's Palace of Culture and main theatrical venue.
 The Rings is a 1985 Iranian horror mystery film written by director Mohsen Makhmalbaf and directed by Mohammad Reza Honarmand. It tells the story of a reporter investigating the sudden inexplicable deaths of a growing number of people who had received phone calls informing them of exactly how long they had to live. The word Zangha is Persian for The Rings (as in telephone rings).
 Dystaxia is a genus of beetles in the family Schizopodidae containing the following species: Dystaxia elegans Fall 1905 Dystaxia murrayi LeConte 1866↑
 Solo Solo solosolo was PUFFY's second album. It was the group's solo album. Each one sang their own set of songs. It was released in 1997.
 Into the Spider’s Web is a 1988 American adventure film made for children. It was directed by Steve McCurdy produced by Warren Chaney and stars Chuck Stockdale Robert Shafer Jessica Avery and Luis Lemus. The Executive Producer was Beverly Wilson and the film’s production company was Sandpiper Pictures.
 Mikhail Zaitsev (Russian: Михаи́л Митрофа́нович За́йцев); (also transliterated as Zaytsev) born 23 November 1923 in the village of Zadowski Chutor (Tula Oblast) died 22 January 2009 in Moscow was a general of the Soviet Army. Zaitsev's principal commands were the Group of Soviet Forces in Germany and the southern military districts of the Soviet Union.
 Sahab Singh Chauhan is the member of legistative assembly of Delhi from the constituency Ghonda Delhi.
 Kand Halan (Persian: كندهلان‎ also Romanized as Kand Halān Kand Helān and Kandehlān; also known as Kandelān Kandelan Kandlān and Khiāndelan) is a village in Jowkar Rural District Jowkar District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 563 in 123 families.
 Raw Deal is 1986 American action film directed by John Irvin starring Arnold Schwarzenegger Kathryn Harrold Darren McGavin and Sam Wanamaker. The film was released in the United States on June 6 1986. The film tells the story of an elderly and embittered high ranking FBI chief Harry Shannon who wants to get revenge against a Mafia organization and sends a former FBI agent and now small-town sheriff Mark Kaminsky to destroy the organization from the inside.
 Leioselia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Qeshlaq (Persian: قشلاق‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Maragheh County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 409 in 106 families.
 God's Favorite is the third solo studio album by rapper N.O.R.E. released on June 25 2002. The single Nothin' reached #10 on the Billboard Hot 100 becoming his biggest hit single and his only to reach the Top 10. This album peaked at #3 on the Billboard 200 albums chart moving 118000 units in its first week of release.
 The Wings of Merlin is a children's fantasy novel by T.A. Barron. It is the fifth book in the Lost Years of Merlin epic about the legendary wizard Merlin's youth. It was published by Philomel in 2000 and republished by Puffin Books in 2011 under the title A Wizard's Wings. Though the character Merlin is world famous as an ancient wizard this story of his lost youth is original to the author. In this series Merlin searches for his true identity while overcoming perilous odds.
 Barsaat (English: Rain) is a 1995 Hindi romantic film which was the debut of Bobby Deol (son of veteran actor Dharmendra) and Twinkle Khanna (daughter of late actor Rajesh Khanna). The film was directed by Rajkumar Santoshi. The movie was initially titled Jaan later changed to Meri Jeet then Jeet and then Satwa Asmaan before the Deols settled on Barsaat.
 Onésime Carignan (October 16 1839 – September 20 1897) was a wholesale and retail grocer and political figure in Quebec. He represented Champlain in the Canadian House of Commons from 1891 to 1896 as a Conservative member.He was born in Champlain Quebec the son of Joseph Carignan and Josephte Turcotte. In 1864 he married Aglaée Le Bel. Carignan served as a member of the town council for Trois-Rivières from 1876 to 1888.
 The Râul Grădinii is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Mathematically Alive: A Story of Fandom is an award-winning 2007 documentary film about fans of the New York Mets. Directed produced and edited by Katherine Foronjy and Joseph Coburn the film follows a wide variety of fans over the course of the 2005 and 2006 baseball seasons culminating in an exciting 7 game series against the St. Louis Cardinals in the NLCS.
 Siccia dudai is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Ivinskis and Saldaitis in 2008. It is found in Oman.
 Armageddon's Children is the first novel in Terry Brooks' fantasy trilogy The Genesis of Shannara which bridges the events of Brooks' Word/Void trilogy with his Shannara series. It takes place in an apocalyptic world around the year 2100 (about eighty years after the novel Angel Fire East) and details the events during the Great Wars a historical conflict referenced frequently in the Shannara books. It is followed by the novel The Elves of Cintra.
 Villa Zeno is a patrician villa at Cessalto Veneto northern Italy and is the most easterly villa designed by Renaissance architect Andrea Palladio. The building is near the highway between Venice and Trieste but was built to face a canal which served as the primary means of arrival.
 Caught in the Middle is the name of the second studio album by the freestyle-pop group Linear. It was released on April 28 1992 by Atlantic Records. The album's first single TLC got it to # 30 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was the last single of the trio to have a video clip and also the last to get into a parade. Even with the success of the single the album did not go into any music chart.
 Tommy Tutone 2 is the second album by rock band Tommy Tutone released in 1981. It features their biggest hit 867-5309/Jenny.In October 2006 VH1 listed 867-5309/Jenny as the 36th greatest song of the 1980s.[1]
 Ion Bălăceanu (January 25 1828 – December 22 1914) was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from January 30 1876 until March 31 1876 during the existence of United Principalities. Bălăceanu is considered one of the most active foreign ministers who promoted closer alliances of Romania with Great Britain and France rather than with Germany and Russia.
 Gold Dust and Ashes is a book by Ion Idriess set in the New Guina goldfields. It was highly popular on release.
 The Sea Devil's Eye is a novel by Mel Odom set in the Forgotten Realms campaign setting. It is the last book in the Threat from the Sea Trilogy.
 The Somerville Journal Building is a historic commercial building at 8-10 Walnut Street in Somerville Massachusetts.It was built in 1894 as offices and the printing facility for the Somerville Journal. Administrative and editorial offices were on the first floor. Production and typesetting were on the second floor and printing presses and equipment were located in the basement. The Somerville Journal vacated the building in approximately the 1950s.
 The Great Vacation Vol.1: Super Best of Glay is a compilation album by Japanese band Glay released on June 10 2009. This album reached #2 position on Oricon charts ando sold 194.289 copies. It was certified Platinum for shipment of over 250000 copies.
 The Seven Dials Mystery is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the UK by William Collins & Sons on 24 January 1929 and in the US by Dodd Mead and Company later in the same year. In it Christie brings back the characters from an earlier novel The Secret of Chimneys: Lady Eileen (Bundle) Brent Lord Caterham Bill Eversleigh George Lomax Tredwell and Superintendent Battle.
 Darka Sar (Persian: دركاسر‎ also Romanized as Darkā Sar; also known as Darkeh Sar) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District in the Central District of Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 422 in 106 families.
 Conus scalarissimus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 8 Shenton Way (Chinese: 八珊顿道;Chinese: Bā Shān Dùn Dǎo) formerly The Treasury and Temasek Tower is the sixth tallest skyscraper in the city of Singapore with at 234.7 m (770 ft). It is currently the tallest cylindrical building in the world. Built in 1986 as Treasury Building it has 52 stories and is one of the prominent buildings in the business district. The tower houses 16 double deck elevators supplied by Otis.
 Jindai-ji (甚大寺) is a Buddhist temple located in the city of Sakura in Chiba Prefecture Japan. The temple was originally located in Yamagata Prefecture but when the Hotta clan was granted control of the Sakura Domain Hotta Masasuke moved the temple in 1746 to serve as the clan’s funerary temple (菩提寺 bodaiji) or family temple.
 The James L. Fleming House at 302 S. Greene St. in Greenville North Carolina was built in 1902. It is a Queen Anne style house with design credited to Barber & Klutz who published architectural pattern books. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Klikawa is a river of Poland a tributary of the Metuje.
 Pasteur Crater is a crater in the Arabia quadrangle of Mars located at 19.4° north latitude and 335.5° west longitude. It is 113 kilometres (70 mi) in diameter and was named after Louis Pasteur a French chemist.Dark sand dunes are clustered in the southwest of the crater. The orientation of the barchan dunes suggest that they were generated by northeasterly winds. The source of the dune's sand appears to be local.
 The Gallery of Fine Arts (Croatian: Galerija likovnih umjetnosti) is an art museum in Osijek Croatia. It was established in 1954.
 Subhash Bapurao Wankhede (born 4 January 1963) is an Indian politician and a member of the Shiv Sena (SS) political party. He is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India and represents the Hingoli constituency in Maharashtra state.
 The Chicago Milwaukee and St. Paul Freight House is a railroad building in Stillwater Minnesota United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The predecessor of the Chicago Milwaukee and St. Paul Railway was the Stillwater and Hastings Railway which was established in 1880 to connect Stillwater to Hastings Minnesota. The Stillwater and Hastings Railway only completed five miles of track before being acquired by the Chicago Milwaukee and St.
 Lanka is a Malayalam film directed by A. K. Sajan released in the year 2006. The film stars Suresh Gopi and Mamta Mohandas.
 The Orlando Museum of Art is located at 2416 North Mills Avenue Orlando Florida. The museum exhibits local regional national and international works of art. The museum collections include a diverse range of pieces that cover a broad spectrum of subjects using a variety of artistic media.
 Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al-Ghazi (Somali: Axmad bin Ibrahim al-Ghazi Arabic: أحمد بن إبراهيم الغازي‎ ) the Conqueror (c. 1507 – February 21 1543) was an Imam and General of Adal who invaded Ethiopia and defeated several Ethiopian emperors.
 Marta Fernández Miranda de Batista (November 11 1923 – October 2 2006) was First Lady of Cuba from 1952 until 1959. She was the second wife of Cuban President Fulgencio Batista who was overthrown by Fidel Castro in the 1959 Cuban Revolution which forced the couple to flee permanently into exile.
 The Silent World of Nicholas Quinn is a crime novel by Colin Dexter the third novel in Inspector Morse series.
 If I Should Love Again is the eighth studio album released by singer and songwriter Barry Manilow. The album was recorded at United Western Recording Studios in Los Angeles California.
 Sally Can't Dance is the fourth solo album by Lou Reed. It is Reed's highest-charting album reaching the Top 10 in the United States.
 Kiss is the ninth studio album of German band Bad Boys Blue. It was released on September 27 1993 by Coconut Records. One single was also released. John McInerney performed Kiss You All Over Baby which before had been sung by Trevor Taylor. The song Save Your Love from the previous album was performed here as Aguarda Tu Amorin in Spanish. The song Kisses And Tears is taken from the second album.This record was the last with Trevor Bannister.
 The Cobra Event is a 1998 thriller novel by Richard Preston describing an attempted bioterrorism attack on the United States. The perpetrator of the attack has genetically engineered a virus called Cobra that fuses the incurable and highly contagious common cold with one of the world's most virulent diseases smallpox.
 All Saints Episcopal Church is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Southeast Florida founded in the year 1912. and located in downtown Fort Lauderdale Florida
 Sofie is a 1992 Danish drama film based on the novel Mendel Philipsen and Son by Henri Nathansen. It was Denmark's submission for the 1992 Academy Award for Best Foreign Film.
 Self-Help; with Illustrations of Character and Conduct was a book published in 1859 by Samuel Smiles. The second edition of 1866 added Perseverance to the subtitle. It has been called the bible of mid-Victorian liberalism.
 Teichgraeber-Runbeck House is a historic house at 116 Mill Street in Lindsborg Kansas.It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Tirraturhinus is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae.
 Thursius is a genus of prehistoric fish.
 For the physics concept see Action at a distance (physics) and Quantum entanglementSpooky Action at a Distance is the second studio album by Lotus Plaza a.k.a. Lockett Pundt guitarist/vocalist/songwriter for Deerhunter. It was released on April 2 2012 on Chicago-based label Kranky Records.
 El Mont or Serra del Mont better known as Mare de Déu del Mont is a mountain range of the Alta Garrotxa natural region Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1123 metres above sea level.This mountain has a traditionally very popular Virgin Mary shrine on top of the highest peak hence its name meaning Mother of God of the Mountain.It has been often mentioned in Catalan literature having been referred to as Porta del Pirineu meaning the Gate of the Pyrenees among other epithets.
 Ardin (Persian: اردين‎ also Romanized as Ardīn) is a village in Bam Rural District Bam and Safiabad District Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 323 in 97 families.
 The Zhiguli Mountains (/ʒiːɡuːˈliː/; Russian: Жигулëвские горы [Zhigulyovskiye gory]) or simply Zhiguli (Russian: Жигули́) sometimes called The Zhiguli Heights - Жигулëвская возвышенность [Zhigulyovskaya vozvyshennost] are a range of wooded mountains located in Russia on the right bank of the Volga River in the Samara bend.
 Powhatan Ellis (January 17 1790 – March 18 1863) was a United States Senator from Mississippi and a United States federal judge.Born at Red Hill in Amherst County Virginia he graduated from Washington Academy (now Washington and Lee University) in 1809 attended Dickinson College in Carlisle Pennsylvania in 1809 and 1810 receiving an A.B. and studied law at William and Mary College in 1813 and 1814. He was a Lieutenant in the Prevost Guards of Virginia in 1814.
 Class A is the second book in the CHERUB series of books written by Robert Muchamore.It continues the story of teenager James Adams and his fellow CHERUB agents as they try to bring down a feared drug gang led by Keith Moore. The book was originally to be called Drugs Cars and Guns but this was changed so as to sound appropriate for children. It received generally good reviews although not as many awards as its predecessor The Recruit.
 Salisbury Manor is an historic 1730 farmhouse near Leeds Greene County New York.The house was built by Francis Salisbury for his oldest son Abraham. The house was expanded in 1760 and 1823 leading to a mix of architectural styles.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 for its architectural significance and representation of colonial era settlement. It is privately owned.
 Gallows Thief (2001) is a historical mystery novel by Bernard Cornwell set in London in the year 1817 which uses capital punishment as its backdrop.Rider Sandman a veteran of the Napoleonic Wars is hired as an investigator as a formality to rubber-stamp the death sentence of a condemned murderer. Instead he discovers a conspiracy to conceal the real killer.
 The Chalkhill Blue (Polyommatus coridon) is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (West Europe South Europe Central Europe  Asia Minor South Ural North-west Turan)
 Judy in Love is a 1958 studio album by Judy Garland arranged by Nelson Riddle.
 Dr. Imre Pesti (born September 16 1952) is a Hungarian physician and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz Budapest Regional List since 2006. He served as Deputy Mayor of Budapest for Health and Social Affairs in 2010.
 Gray Matter is a short story by Stephen King first published in the October 1973 issue of Cavalier magazine and later collected in King's 1978 collection Night Shift. It is set in the same area as King's novel Dreamcatcher.
 Renaissance is Lionel Richie's sixth studio album which was released on October 16 2000. Bonus tracks on international albums include Shout It To The World Just Can't Say Goodbye and Angel (Boogieman Extended Remix). Tonight was produced by Rodney Darkchild Jerkins.
 Frank A. Pecora is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate who represented the 44th District from 1979 to 1995.
 Quequechan Valley Mills Historic District is a historic district located on Quequechan Jefferson and Stevens Streets between Interstate-195 and Denver Street in Fall River Massachusetts. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈsɪɣmʏntʏr ˈtaːvið ˈkʏnløyxsɔn]; born 12 March 1975) is an Icelandic politician who has been Prime Minister of Iceland since 2013. He has also been chairman of the Progressive Party since 2009. He was elected to the Althing (Iceland's parliament) as the 8th member for the Reykjavík North constituency on 25 April 2009. He currently represents the Northeast Constituency as its 1st member since 27 April 2013.
 Tân Trung is a commune (xã) and village in Đầm Dơi District Cà Mau Province in Vietnam.
 Ridin High is the seventh studio album by rap duo 8Ball & MJG and their second release for Bad Boy Records. The album was released on March 13 2007. It was originally scheduled for July under the title Pure American Pimpin' but then has been confirmed to be titled Ridin High.The album features artist like Three 6 Mafia Juvenile Yung Joc P Diddy The Notorious B.I.G. Jazze Pha 112 Big Pun & Project Pat.
 The Amboy United Brethren Church is a church located in Amboy Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 William P. Mullen is the current Allegheny County Sheriff serving metropolitan Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Mullen took office in October of 2006.Formerly he was a long time supervisor in the Pittsburgh Police even filling in as Pittsburgh Police Chief for a week in June 1996[1] when the Chief was at a police conference in Boston and the Deputy and Assistant Chiefs were on vacation.
 A Fear of Strangers is a 1964 British TV drama starring Stanley Baker as a racist police inspector. Although written in 1958 it was banned for six years.
 The Great Divide is the Bluegrass debut solo album by Styx guitarist/vocalist Tommy Shaw released on March 22 2011.
 Klimash is a village in Sungurlare Municipality in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 Fernelmont Castle (French: Château de Fernelmont) is a fortified farmhouse or château-ferme in Noville-les-Bois in the municipality of Fernelmont province of Namur Belgium.
 Isoplenodia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It formerly consisted of only one species Isoplenodia arrogans found on Madagascar but new species were described in 2010.
 The Sunday News is a New Zealand tabloid newspaper published each weekend by the Fairfax group in Auckland. In addition to a self-described 'punchy' take on the news it features coverage of weekend sport entertainment star gossip fashion and TV listings.The Sunday News is made in Auckland.
 Flicka is a 2006 film loosely based on the 1941 children's novel My Friend Flicka by Mary O'Hara. The film is directed by Michael Mayer. The novel has previously been made into a film in 1943 and served as the inspiration for a 39-episode TV series in 1956–1957.In this version set in the 21st century the protagonist isn't a boy but a girl played by Alison Lohman.
 Reviews of Modern Physics is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Physical Society. It was established in 1929 and the current editor-in-chief is Gene D. Sprouse. The journal publishes review articles on all aspects of physics.
 Laurent Beauvais (born 24 June 1952) is a French politician and the incumbent President of the Regional Council of Basse-Normandie. He is a member of the Socialist Party.Born in Nogent-le-Rotrou Eure-et-Loir he grew up in Evreux then Mortrée near Argentan (Orne). He joined the Socialist Party at age 21 and he was elected to the Mortrée municipal council in 1977.
 Eupithecia albistillata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya.
 The Malibamat'so River is a river in northern Lesotho. It flows south from close to the South African border past the town of Ha Lejone and joins the Senqu River close to the town of Taung. The waters of the Malibamat'so River are dammed by the Katse Dam which is Africa's highest dam at 1993 m (6539 ft) above sea level.
 Venekuusiku is a village in Vändra Parish Pärnu County in western-central Estonia.
 Rohrberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Holt House is an historic house located on the grounds of the National Zoo and probably built before 1814. It is one of the most important examples of early Neoclassical architecture in Washington D.C. and was one of the major houses in the new Federal City when it was built. Its caretaker has been the Smithsonian Institution since 1889 and is the oldest building under the Smithsonian's auspices but has been left vacant since the 1980s. It was listed in the D.C.
 Mad Monster is a U.S.-based horror entertainment company that publishes Mad Monster Magazine and promotes Mad Monster Party an annual horror convention in Charlotte North Carolina.Founded by Eben McGarr the company is run by him and his partner Joe Moe. Mad Monster Magazine is a retro-style throwback to vintage monster magazines but also covers contemporary horror with a classic approach.
 Borowiec [bɔˈrɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Wielgomłyny 26 km (16 mi) east of Radomsko and 90 km (56 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Major-General Robert Harley Wordsworth CB CBE (21 July 1894 – 22 November 1984) was a British Indian Army officer and an Australian politician.
 Mowhub (Persian: موهوب‎ also Romanized as Mowhūb) is a village in Sirch Rural District Shahdad District Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sabash Babu is a Tamil film released in 1993 produced by T. Rajendar and directed by Sasi Mohan. Rajender himself appears in a major role with his son Silambarasan appearing in the title role as a child artiste. Heera Rajgopal also features whilst the film featured an extensive cast which also featured Rajendar's other children along with a bevy of supporting actors. The film released in diwali 1993. The music and lyrics by T. Rajendar.
 The Laramie Project is a play by Moisés Kaufman and members of the Tectonic Theater Project (specifically Leigh Fondakowski Stephen Belber Greg Pierotti Barbara Pitts Stephen Wangh Amanda Gronich Sara Lambert John McAdams Maude Mitchell Andy Paris and Kelli Simpkins) about the reaction to the 1998 murder of University of Wyoming gay student Matthew Shepard in Laramie Wyoming.
 Going Public is the fifth studio album by Christian pop rock band Newsboys released in 1994. The album was the band's second commercial success (following Not Ashamed) and it featured Shine one of their most popular songs.The album was recognized with two Dove Awards at the 25th GMA Dove Awards one for Rock Album of the Year and the other Rock Recorded Song of the Year for Shine as well as nominations for Short Form Music Video of the Year (Shine) and Song of the Year (Shine).
 The Telegraph & Argus is the local daily newspaper for Bradford West Yorkshire England. Printed early morning (it used to be an evening paper) on its own presses in Bradford it is published six times each week from Monday to Saturday inclusive. Locally the paper is known as the T&A. It also breaks news 24/7 on its website.
 Patient Man is the debut album from American country music artist Brad Cotter who in 2004 was declared the winner of the television talent show Nashville Star.. It features the single I Meant To a Top 40 hit on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts in 2004. Can't Tell Me Nothin' and I Miss Me were both released as well peaking at #59 on the same chart.The track I Came Here to Live was later recorded by Trace Adkins on his 2006 album Dangerous Man.
 The Complete Patents of Nikola Tesla (ISBN 978-1-566-19266-8) is a book compiled and edited by Jim Glenn detailing the patents of Nikola Tesla.
 East Village Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house at U.S. 2 and U.S. 14 in East Montpelier Vermont.It was built in 1833 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Dongul River is a river of Chile.
 Osteodiscus is a genus of snailfishes native to the Pacific Ocean.
 Pelli Sambandham (Telugu: పెళ్ళి సంబంధం ) is a 2000 Telugu film directed and produced by K. Raghavendra Rao . The film stars Akkineni Nageswara Rao Sumanth and Sakshi Shivanand in the lead roles.
 The J.H.C. Petersen's Sons Wholesale Building was an historic building located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was built in 1910 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The building was a part of the J.H.C. Petersen's Sons' Store. It stood next to the Schick's Express and Transfer Co. building. Both the Petersen’s Wholesale building and the Schick’s building were torn down to make way for a parking structure and the Davenport Skybridge.
 Some Bride is a 1919 silent film comedy directed by Henry Otto and produced and distributed by Metro Pictures. It stars Viola Dana.
 Carpinteria Creek is an 8.1-mile-long (13.0 km) stream that runs from headwaters in the Santa Ynez Mountains flows south past Snowball Mountain then continues southwest to its estuary at Carpinteria State Beach on the Santa Barbara Channel at Carpinteria.
 The Joseph Smith House is a historic house at 109 Smithfield Road in North Providence Rhode Island.The American colonial house was built in 1705 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Wronów [ˈvrɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski within Brzeg County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Death to the French is a 1932 novel of the Peninsular War during the Napoleonic Wars written by C. S. Forester the author of the Horatio Hornblower novels. It was also published in the United States under the title Rifleman Dodd.
 The Muppets Valentine Show aired on ABC on January 30 1974. It was one of two pilots produced during the planning stages for The Muppet Show. The other pilot was The Muppet Show: Sex and Violence which aired in 1975.In this half-hour Valentine's Day special featuring the Muppets and special guest star Mia Farrow host Wally has writer's block—he can't think of material for the show that represents the true meaning of love. He asks the other Muppets and Mia for assistance with mixed results.
 Holmträsket is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Joseph R. Kainrad (born May 29 1932) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives and a current Judge in Portage County Ohio.
 Stenalia balcanica is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1949.
 The Senator John Heinz History Center an affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution is the largest history museum in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Named after the late U.S. Senator H. John Heinz III (1938–1991) it is located in the Strip District of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States.
 Pink Elephant is the fourth album by the Dallas Texas native N'dambi. Released in 2009 and produced by the legendary Leon Sylvers III it marks her debut release for the rejuvenated Stax label.
 Bogojević Selo (Cyrillic: Богојевић Село) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Linta is a river in the region of Atsimo-Andrefana in southern Madagascar. It crosses the Route nationale 10 near Ejeda and flows into the Indian Ocean in the Bay of Langarano east of Androka.Its main affluents are the Manakaralahy and Manakaravavy which are dry during the dry season from July to November. Its annual discharge is low approx. 1-2 l/s/km².
 Mike Smigiel (born June 18 1958) is a delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates representing District 36 which covers Caroline Cecil Kent and Queen Anne's Counties. He was first elected in 2002 along with fellow Republicans Richard Sossi and Mary Roe Walkup after the legislative boundaries were redrawn. Prior to 2002 District 36 had a separate representative for Cecil Kent and Queen Anne's Counties.
 Qareh Bolagh (Persian: قره بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Qarah Bolāgh) is a village in Harzandat-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Marand County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 29 families.
 Nobleza ranchera (Rural Chivalry) is a 1975 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Tunshu is a mountain in the Paryaqaqa or Waruchiri mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5730 metres (18799 ft) high. It is situated in the Junín Region Jauja Province Canchayllo District and in the Yauli Province Suitucancha District. Tunshu lies north of the Paryaqaqa and northwest of the lake Qarwaqucha and the mountain Tukumach'ay. The lake southeast of the Tunshu is also named Tunshu.
 Wishing For This is a Christmas EP by the alternative rock/indie pop artist and Sixpence None the Richer member Leigh Nash. It was released for download on November 14 2006. Wishing For This was produced by Mark Nash (PFR) and Nate Blackstone and is made up of 7 tracks: one traditional Christmas song “O Holy Night” one original Christmas tune (the title track) and five cover tunes.
 Sharpe Homestead and Cemetery is a historic home and cemetery located at Defreestville in Rensselaer County New York. The house was built about 1740 and is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular frame dwelling 20 feet by 40 feet topped by a steeply pitched gable roof covered with standing seam metal. It rests on a low fieldstone foundation.
 Ngọc Sơn is a commune (xã) and village in Hiệp Hòa District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Sheykh Baba (Persian: شيخ بابا‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Bābā and Sheykhbābā) is a village in Gavdul-e Markazi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 436 in 105 families.
 Darmodar Aghost pass (el. 14340 ft.) is a high mountain pass in Pakistan.
 My Neighbor My Killer (French: Mon voisin mon tueur) is a 2009 French-American documentary film directed by Anne Aghion that focuses on the process of the Gacaca courts a citizen-based justice system that was put into place in Rwanda after the 1994 genocide. Filmed over ten years it makes us reflect on how people can live together after such a traumatic experience.
 Mikulin [miˈkulin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśnik within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kraśnik and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 The Blasenflue (1118 metres (3668 ft)) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located near Signau in the canton of Bern.
 Crystal Lake is a small lake resort about 1.6 km (0.99 mi) wide and 3.2 km (2.0 mi) long. It is a small recreational lake fed by natural underground springs in eastern Saskatchewan Canada. It is 24 km (15 mi) north of Canora and 24 km (15 mi) southeast of Preeceville. It is popular among residents in the neighboring towns for day and weekend getaways and has many cabins outlying the perimeter of the lake.
 Rostam Ghasemi (Persian: رستم قاسمی born 5 May 1964) is an Iranian military officer and politician who was minister of petroleum from 3 August 2011 to 15 August 2013.
 Big Tujunga Creek is a major stream in Los Angeles County in the U.S. state of California. From its headwaters high in the San Gabriel Mountains it flows generally southwest for 28.8 miles (46.3 km) joining Little Tujunga Creek to form the Tujunga Wash near Pacoima. The stream is sometimes considered as one with the Tujunga Wash which is the continuation of Big Tujunga to the Los Angeles River bringing the total length to more than 40 miles (64 km).
 Darıçayalanı is a village in the District of Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Commissioner Barry C. Swanson (bron April 4 1950) is an American Salvation Army Officer who was commissioner as an Officer in The Salvation Army on June 11 1978 and who was the 23rd Chief of the Staff of The Salvation Army under Salvation Army Generals Shaw Clifton and Linda Bond. He was succeeded by Andre Cox in February of 2013. Swanson was also a candidate for the 20th General of The Salvation Army in August 2013 but he was not elected.
 The original Columbia County High School is a historic building in Lake City Florida United States located at 528 West Duval Street. It is presently the location of Columbia County School District administrative offices. It was built in 1921 and was the only high school in Columbia County. When enrollment exceeded capacity it was replaced in 1957 by a larger facility on Pennsylvania Avenue which was named Columbia High School.
 Nugetenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kimberly Lightford is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate representing the 4th district since 1998. She is Assistant Majority Leader and also serves on Labor Education Executive Financial Institutions and Redistricting committees.
 Bang Boom Bang is a German comedy film from 1999. The movie is set in Unna Westphalia which was besides Dortmund one of the shooting locations.
 Loller Academy is a historic school building located at Hatboro Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1811 and is a two-story stucco building measuring 65 feet wide by 56 feet long. It has a hipped roof and 40 foot square cupola. The building has a later two-story 24 feet by 72 feet rear addition. The building features a belfry with clock. It housed a school until 1960.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Kuke is a village in Hanila Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 The RMIT Design Hub houses research archive exhibition and studio space of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology in Melbourne AustraliaCompleted in May 2012 the Design Hub was designed by Sean Godsell Architects in association with Peddle Thorp Architects. It is an icon of design innovation[citation needed] heralding a new era of integrating technology with design. The Design Hub is located on the historic Carlton & United Breweries site.
 The Orchard Ermine (Yponomeuta padella) is a lepidoptera from the family Yponomeutidae the Ermine moths. The wingspan ranges from 19 to 22 mm.It is also known as the Cherry Ermine.The flight time ranges from July to August. The moth is attracted to light.Similar species (also destructive pests): Apple Ermine Moth (AEM) Yponomeuta malinellus Bird-cherry Ermine Yponomeuta evonymella↑
 What Happened at Midnight is Volume 10 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Leslie McFarlane in 1931. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter. The original version of this book was rewritten in 1967 by Tom Mulvey resulting in two different stories with the same title.
 Goat Haunt Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Goat Haunt Mountain is southeast of the lake.
 Camarhynchus is a genus of bird in the Thraupidae family; all species of Camarhynchus are endemic to the Galápagos Islands and together with related genera they are collectively known as Darwin's finches.
 Complexity is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in the field of complex adaptive systems. The journal's scope includes studies on chaos genetic algorithms cellular automata neural networks and evolutionary game theory. Notable contributors include Nobel Prize laureates such as Philip Warren Anderson Murray Gell-Mann Gerard 't Hooft and Paul Lauterbur.Complexity is issued bimonthly and its contents can be accessed online.
 Bareback Ride released in 1993 is the second full length album by the band Walt Mink. Sales and acclaim for this album fell short of the band's first album Miss Happiness which was released the previous year.Bareback ride was the second and last album with the original band lineup of John Kimbrough Candice Belanoff and Joey Waronker.
 The Open Door is a 2008 Australian horror/thriller film directed by Doc Duhame and starring Catherine Munden Sarah Christine Smith and Ryan Doom. Munden's character finds her vengeful wishes toward people coming true.
 Songs of Anarchy: Music from Sons of Anarchy Seasons 1–4 is a soundtrack album featuring music from FX television program Sons of Anarchy. The album consists of songs recorded for the show as well as those previously released through a number of EPs; Sons of Anarchy: North Country (2009) Sons of Anarchy: Shelter (2009) and Sons of Anarchy: The King is Gone (2010).
 Bled White is a 2011 Zombie horror film. It was written and directed by Jose Carlos Gomez and stars North Roberts Matthew Prochazka and Colleen Boag. The film was shot around the Chicago area during the winter. It went on to win several awards and as of 2011 is available on DVD and video on demand.
 The Lovell Block is an historic residential and commercial building at 1853 Massachusetts Avenue in Cambridge Massachusetts. The three story brick building was built in 1882 by Andrew Jackson Lovell with two specific commercial tenants in mind. One was his own grocery business and the other was the North Cambridge Post Office. The upper floors contained a total of four well-appointed residential flats.
 Bacillogaster is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Pachrophylla.
 Gasterichus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 The Museum Tower is a thirty story skyscraper in the Government Center district of Downtown Miami Florida United States. As its name implies the building is situated across the street from the Miami Art Museum (MAM) and HistoryMiami (former Historical Museum of Southern Florida) which are both part of the Miami Cultural Plaza.
 Melted Love (どうせ、めろめろ Dōse Meromero) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by You Takumi. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released the manga through its imprint Juné on 22 September 2007.
 SS United States: Lady in Waiting is a 2008 documentary film about the famed ocean liner SS United States which was in service from 1952 to 1969. It features interviews of many past crew members and passengers about the background construction service and life on board the SS United States. The film also focuses on the lighting up of the vessel by artist Robert Wogan while also showing footage of her glamorous years in service.
 Tha Thug Show is the third studio album by Houston-based rapper Slim Thug. The album was released on November 30 2010.
 Odcinek [ɔtˈt͡ɕinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Rudniki 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Olesno and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 214.
 Motown Remixed is a 2005 compilation album containing remixed versions of Motown hits released on May 24 2005 by Motown/Universal Records.Several hip hop and dance producers including: Z-Trip DJ Jazzy Jeff The Randy Watson Experience Salaam Remi Groove Boutique (aka DJ Rafe Gomez and David Baron) and Easy Mo Bee took hit records by The Jackson 5 The Temptations The Supremes and others and re-imagined them in new styles.
 Brice Hortefeux (born 11 May 1958) is a French politician. He was Minister of the Interior Overseas Territories and Territorial collectivities. He was previously Minister for Labour Labour Relations the Family Solidarity and Urban Affairs and Minister-Delegate for Local Government at the Ministry of the Interior and was a Member of the European Parliament.
 Khvosh Ab-e Shirin (Persian: خوشاب شيرين‎ also Romanized as Khvosh Āb-e Shīrīn Khowsh Āb-e Shīrīn and Khvoshāb-e Shīrīn; also known as Khvoshāb and Shīrīn) is a village in Kafsh Kanan Rural District in the Central District of Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 105 in 20 families.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is a historic church at 472 N. Main Street in Mount Airy North Carolina.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 The Canadian Journal of Infectious Diseases & Medical Microbiology is a peer-reviewed medical journal. It is the official journal of Medical Microbiology and Infectious Disease Canada for which it serves as the primary source of society guidelines. It is published by Pulsus Group and covers all aspects of infectious diseases and medical microbiology.
 The Lickey Hills (known locally as simply The Lickeys) are a range of hills in Worcestershire England 11 miles (18 km) to the south-west of the centre of Birmingham near the villages of Lickey Cofton Hackett and Barnt Green. The hills are a popular country park area and they afford panoramic views over much of the surrounding countryside.
 Tonetta Lake (also known as Lake Tonetta) is a freshwater lake located in the town of Southeast New York north of the village of Brewster. Lake Tonetta has the only public beach in Southeast accessible to town residents and their guests. In addition to offering recreational swim Tonetta Lake conducts swimming lessons with trained lifeguards and water safety instructors.
 Voltaire Y. Rosales was a Filipino Executive Judge of the Regional Trial Court Branch 83 Tanauan Batangas Philippines.
 The Black-fronted White-eye (Zosterops minor) is a songbird species. It is closely related to the Old World babblers and its family Zosteropidae might better be included in the Tiimalidae. Some sources include this species within Z. atrifrons the Black-crowned White-eye.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Quite common it is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
 Marx's Theory of Ideology is a 1982 book about Karl Marx by Bhikhu Parekh. The work was inspired by Parekh's experience of racial discrimination in British society.
 Swedish Lutheran Parsonage is a historic church parsonage at 230 Kane Street Wilcox in Jones Township Elk County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1901 in the Queen Anne style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The First Unitarian Church of Oakland in Oakland California is a member of the Unitarian Universalist Association. The church building was designed in 1889 by Walter J. Mathews. This solid masonry Romanesque church departed radically from California's traditional Gothic wood frame construction.
 Cafe Bahar is a popular hotel located in Basheerbagh Hyderabad India. The restaurant is also for its Hyderabadi Biryani Hyderabadi haleem etc.
 Biturix venosata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in Mexico Panama Costa Rica and southern Texas.
 The Second Brazer Building is an historic building at 25-29 State Street in Boston Massachusetts.The building was built in 1896 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.
 Paris When It Sizzles is a 1964 romantic comedy film directed by Richard Quine and produced by Quine and George Axelrod. The screenplay is by George Axelrod based on the story and film Holiday for Henrietta by Julien Duvivier and Henri Jeanson. The music score is by Nelson Riddle the cinematography by Charles Lang and Claude Renoir. The film stars William Holden and Audrey Hepburn and features Grégoire Aslan Raymond Bussières and Noël Coward. and Tony Curtis.
 They Live By Night (2002) is The Hamsters eighth album. It was recorded live at several different venues during the UK summer of 2001.
 Suznak (Persian: سوزنك‎ also Romanized as Sūznak) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 142 in 42 families.
 Prototype is a 1983 made-for-television film starring Christopher Plummer.
 The Weddle Bridge is a 120-foot long wooden covered bridge located in Sweet Home Oregon United States.The bridge originally spanned Thomas Creek near Crabtree Oregon. It was bypassed in 1980 by a concrete bridge. The unused bridge became a safety issue and the span was disassembled in October 1987.
 Donja Batina is a village in Croatia.
 Sheryl Gordon McCloud (born October 5 1955) is an Associate Justice of the Washington Supreme Court. She was elected to replace outgoing Associate Justice Tom Chambers on Seat 9 of the Washington Supreme Court winning 55.24% of the vote and defeating former Associate Justice Richard B. Sanders. She was appointed to her six-year term on January 1 2013 by Christine Gregoire.
 Duplex sumbawensis is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Sumbawa.The wingspan is about 8.5 mm. The forewing is greyish brown although the basal costal area is blackish brown and the medial area dark grey the upper half darker and the postmedial area is brownish. The reniform stigma is relatively weakly marked. The crosslines are indistinct and dark brown. The terminal line is weakly marked by brown interveinal spots.
 Heiglkopf also spelled Heigelkopf (1205 m) is a mountain near the village of Wackersberg in Upper Bavaria Germany close to the Austrian border. Between 1933 and 1945 it was known as Hitler-Berg.In April 1933 the title of honorary citizen of Wackersberg was awarded by the municipal council to Adolf Hitler Chancellor of Germany and the mountain was renamed to his honor. A 10-metre high black iron swastika illuminated at nights by torches was erected at the top in June 1933.
 Ektos Programmatos (Off The Road) is a live album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki and it was released in 1998 by Polygram Greece. The album includes old-time classic Greek songs that Eleftheria and her band used to play and sing during the breaks of their tours after the end of concerts etc...The album sold over 100000 copies in Greece and was certified Double Platinum.
 Anniversary is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the March 1959 issue of Amazing Stories and subsequently appeared in the collections Asimov's Mysteries (1968) and The Best of Isaac Asimov (1973). The story was written to mark the twentieth anniversary of Asimov's first published story Marooned Off Vesta in the March 1939 issue of Amazing. The story is also part of a loosely connected series of stories by Asimov about the supercomputer Multivac.
 Epimyrma corsica is a species of ant in the family Formicidae. It is endemic to France.
 The Long Way Home (Turkish: Eve Dönüş: Sarıkamış 1915) is a 2013 Turkish drama film directed by Alphan Eşeli.The film has won the International Federation of Film Critics' Fipresci Award the Golden Zenith Award for Best First Fiction Feature film from the 37th Montreal World Film Festival and the New Talent Award for Best First Feature Film from the Hong Kong Asian Film Festival. Furthermore The Long Way Home was nominated for the Sutherland Trophy at the 57th BFI London Film Festival.
 The Book of Laughter and Forgetting (Czech: Kniha smíchu a zapomnění) is a novel by Milan Kundera published in France in 1979. It is composed of seven separate narratives united by some common themes. The book considers the nature of forgetting as it occurs in history politics and life in general. The stories also contain elements found in the genre of Magical Realism.
 Gerd-e Kashan (Persian: گردكاشان‎ also Romanized as Gerd-e Kāshān) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Oshnavieh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 380 in 71 families.
 Lefter Maliqi is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.
 Varkaneh (Persian: وركانه‎ also Romanized as Varkāneh) is a village in Alvandkuh-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Hamadan County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 848 in 196 families.
 Julianka [juˈljanka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łysomice within Toruń County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 km (6 mi) north of Toruń.
 Abdellatif Loudiyi (Arabic: عبد اللطيف لودييي‎) is a Moroccan civil servant and politician. Since 2 August 2010 he holds the position of Ministry-Delegate for National Defense succeeding the late Abderrahmane Sbai. Before this appointment he was a career civil servant who worked at the Ministry of Finance for which he was the General Secretary between 2003 and 2010. Few details about him have filtrated in the Moroccan press.
 Bastiments is a mountain peak at the easternmost side of the Pyrenees mountain range. It is located on the Spanish-French border within the confluence of the Spanish municipalities of Setcases and Queralbs and the French commune of Fontpédrouse. it has an altitude of 2881 metres (9452 ft) above sea level.
 Brewer's Rogues Villains and Eccentrics is a reference book first published by Brewer's in 2002 and edited and compiled by William Donaldson.The book is an esoteric look at some of the wild characters emanating from the United Kingdom and has been described as a work of maniacal genius. It featured entries on eccentrics and rogues famous infamous and little-known including Beauchamp Bagenal Lord Berners John Aspinall and John Wilkes.
 Latukan volcano is a potentially active stratovolcano in the centre of a chain of young E-W-trending stratovolcanoes in NW Mindanao SE of Lake Lanao province of Lanao del Sur island of Mindanao in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao.
 Nooksack Tower (8285 feet (2525 m)) is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. Nooksack Tower is part of the Mount Shuksan Massif and is .75 mi (1.21 km) northeast of the main summit of Shuksan. Nooksack Tower looms to the west over Nooksack Cirque. The East Nooksack Glacier lies to the southeast West Nooksack Glacier to the east and Price Glacier is on the north flanks of the tower.
 Mrkovi is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception (Spanish: Catedral de la Inmaculada Concepción) is the main Roman Catholic church building of Minas Uruguay. It is the see of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Minas since 1960.Built in Neoclassical style it was consecrated in 1892. It is dedicated to the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mary.
 Wetzstein is a mountain of southeastern Thuringia Germany part of the Thuringian Highland. It is located south of Lehesten. In 2004 the Altvaterturm was built on the summit as a replica of the tower that stood on the mountain Praděd (German: Altvater eastern Czech Republic) until 1959.
 The Chestnut-tipped Toucanet (Aulacorhynchus derbianus) is a South American species of bird in the Ramphastidae family. It occurs in humid highland forests along the east Andean slope from southernmost Colombia to Bolivia. It was formerly considered conspecific with Whitely's Toucanet.
 Casual Viewin' is a 2000 album by Canadian alternative rock band 54•40. The title refers to a lyric from the Genesis song Broadway Melody of 1974 which reads: Marshall McLuhan casual viewin' head buried in the sand. 54•40 commented in interviews at the time of the album's release that they were influenced by McLuhan's work when making the album and that they adopted the Genesis lyric as a result.
 Left Here Alone; Smiling is the fourth studio album by Echo Orbiter. It was released on Looking Glass Workshop in 2002. The album was produced using a unique writing and recording style the band called Audio Impressionism where individual notes in a progression or arpeggiated notes were individually recorded one by one on different tracks with different sounds and instruments and then meticulously pieced together to form the progression or arpeggiated line.
 Lago di Recentino is a lake in the Province of Terni Umbria Italy.
 Blipta is a genus of moths in the Carposinidae family.
 Hurst-Pierrepont Estate is a historic estate located at Garrison in Putnam County New York. It was designed by noted architect Alexander Jackson Davis (1803-1892) for Edwards Pierrepont (1817-1892) and built in 1867. It is a two story brick Gothic villa. It features a four story flat roofed tower. Also on the property is a cow barn and carriage house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Izvorul Negru River or Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Two Gallants is the third full-length album from the band Two Gallants released on September 25 2007. It follows up their EP The Scenery of Farewell which was released in June.
 Sabz Daraq (Persian: سبزدرق‎; also known as Sabzeh Daraq) is a village in Guzal Darreh Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 417 in 99 families.
 Grodzisko [ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Osieczna 11 km (7 mi) east of Leszno and 59 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mount Pelée (/pəˈleɪ/; French: Montagne Pelée Bald Mountain) is an active volcano at the northern end of the island and French overseas department of Martinique in the Lesser Antilles island arc of the Caribbean. Its volcanic cone is composed of layers of volcanic ash and hardened lava.The stratovolcano is famous for its eruption in 1902 and the destruction that resulted dubbed the worst volcanic disaster of the 20th century. The eruption killed about 30000 people.
 Hind Ka Lal is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940. Hind ka lal was released in 1940.The director of this film is Ramji Arya.
 The Seip House is a historic building on the west side of Chillicothe Ohio United States. Built in 1895 it is among the city's grandest houses.Born in Germany in the late 1810s Charles Seip was a butcher who settled in the United States in 1845. Soon after crossing the Atlantic Seip took up residence in Chillicothe; he soon began operating a butcher shop on Allen Avenue married and became prosperous.
 Videoplasty is the third home video by Primus following 1993's Cheesy Home Video and the fan club exclusive Horrible Swill. Videoplasty was released at the end of 1998 to complement the band's recent covers EP Rhinoplasty and is composed mostly of highlights from a live show performed on October 14 that year at The Phoenix Theater in Petaluma California.
 Michael Cheng Tak-kin JP (born 1938 Hong Kong) was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and Wong Tai Sin District Board. Born in Hong Kong Michael Cheng studied at the La Salle College in his youth. Cheng obtained his bachelor degree in History and Political Science from the University of Hong Kong and master degree in Education from the Chinese University of Hong Kong.
 Dolenje Jezero (German: Unterseedorf) is a village on the northern edge of Lake Cerknica in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.The local church in the settlement to the southwest is dedicated to Saints Peter and Paul and belongs to the Parish of Cerknica.
 A Tango Tragedy is a 1914 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Dearborn River is a tributary of the Missouri River approximately 70 mi (113 km) long in western Montana in the United States. It rises in the Lewis and Clark National Forest near Scapegoat Mountain in the Lewis and Clark Range of the Rocky Mountains at the continental divide in western Lewis and Clark County.
 Molla Qorbani (Persian: ملاقرباني‎ also Romanized as Mollā Qorbānī; also known as Sarāb-e Mollā Qorbānī and Seyl Mollā Qorbānī) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 12 families.
 The Tadpole madtom (Noturus gyrinus) is a species of fish in the Ictaluridae family. It is native to Canada and the United States.
 Pownalborough Courthouse is a historic court house on Cedar Grove Road in Dresden Maine.It was built in 1761 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Hyles tithymali is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is found in North Africa the Canary Islands Madeira some islands in the Mediterranean Sea and in the mountains in Yemen.The length of the forewings is 45–85 mm.The larvae feed on Euphorbia.It is thought that Hyles tithymali had a much larger range in Europe but has been pushed further south after the cooling ca. 3600 years ago. Its place has been taken over by Hyles euphorbiae which is more resistant to the cold.
 The Izvorul Ursului River is a tributary of the Pârâul Stânei in Romania.
 Motijhil (also Motijheel literal translation: Pearl Lake) also known as Company Bagh due to its association with the East India Company is a horse-shoe shaped lake in Murshidabad West Bengal India. It was created by Nawazish Muhammad Khan the son-in-law of Nawab Alivardi Khan. He also constructed a precious palatial palace beside this lake which is called the Sang-i- dalan (literal translation:stone palace) which is also known as the Motijhil Palace.
 The Woodstock Square Historic District is located in the county seat of McHenry County Illinois which is Woodstock. The district is located in downtown Woodstock and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1982. Within the district two of Woodstock's other Registered Places can be found Woodstock Opera House and the Old McHenry County Courthouse.
 William Doan (April 4 1792 – June 22 1847) was a U.S.
 Rabenberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 John B. Nelson is an American Republican politician former city councilman of Phoenix Arizona former member of the Arizona House of Representatives and a current member of the Arizona Senate.
 Zhang Guangning (simplified Chinese: 张广宁; traditional Chinese: 張廣寧; pinyin: Zhāngguǎngníng; born 1953 in Jiangsu) was the 14th Mayor of Guangzhou Guangdong province China.
 The Exam (Turkish: Sınav) is a 2006 Turkish comedy-drama film directed by Ömer Faruk Sorak about five Turkish highschool students preparing to sit for the university entry exam who enlist the services of a professional thief played by Jean-Claude Van Damme to steal the papers. The film went on nationwide general release across Turkey on October 20 2006 (2006-10-20).
 Down Home is a 1920 American silent drama film written directed and produced by Irvin Willat and starring Leatrice Joy and James Barrows. The film is based on the novel Dabney Todd by F. N. Westcott. It was distributed by the independent film distributor W. W. Hodkinson.An early surviving Leatrice Joy feature at the Library of Congress. The film is available on DVD from Ioffer.com
 Serigala Terakhir (Last Wolf) is a 2009 Indonesian action-drama film directed by Upi Avianto.
 Fakhrabad (Persian: فخراباد‎ also Romanized as Fakhrābād) is a village in Garkan Rural District Garkan-e Jonubi District Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1545 in 404 families.
 Bagh-e Sorkh (Persian: باغ سرخ‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Sorkh and Bāghsorkh; also known as Bāgh-i-Surkh) is a village in Manzariyeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 43 families.
 Tõdva is a village in Saku Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 County palace (Croatian: Županijska palača) is a building of County Assembly of Osijek-Baranja County in Osijek Croatia.
 Richard Gerald Lyon-Dalberg-Acton 4th Baron Acton and Baron Acton of Bridgnorth (30 July 1941 – 10 October 2010) was a British Labour politician.The oldest son of John Lyon-Dalberg-Acton and Daphne Strutt daughter of Robert Strutt 4th Baron Rayleigh he was educated at St George's College Harare in Zimbabwe and at Trinity College Oxford from which he emerged with a Bachelor of Arts in 1963 (later he would receive a Master of Arts from the same institution).
 The Arthur H. Compton House located at 5637 South Woodlawn Avenue in Chicago Illinois was the residence of professor Arthur Compton from the late 1920s until 1945. Arthur Compton was a physicist who discovered the Compton Effect proving that light has both a particle and a wave aspect. Compton received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1927 for this discovery.
 Roperia poulsoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.Roperia poulsoni is the only species in the genus Roperia.Ocenebra poulsoni is the basionym but this species has been placed in a separate genus because of its distinctive radula.
 Southwest Florida Regional Medical Center was a 400 bed general hospital in Fort Myers Florida. Then Ft Myers Community Hospital was originally developed by a subsidiary of Basic American Industries (BAI) called Basic American Medical in 1974. BAI was based in Indianapolis Indiana. The first Executive Director of the Hospital was John Gass.
 Karwowo is a lake in West Pomeranian Voivodeship in Łobez County in Gmina Łobez. It is situated about 500 meters from the Rega river and about one kilometer from residential buildings which are a part of the Karwowo village. The area of Karwowo lake equals 33.3 ha the length is 1.1 km the maximal depth is 4.2 m and the average depth is 3.5 m.On the shore of Karwowo lake there are small piers for fishermen.
 This article describes the Pigeon River which flows from western North Carolina into East Tennessee. See also Pigeon River disambiguation page.The Pigeon River of western North Carolina and east Tennessee rises above Canton North Carolina is impounded by Walters Dam enters Tennessee and flows into the French Broad River just past Newport Tennessee.The river takes its name from the passenger pigeon an extinct bird whose migration route once included the river valley in North Carolina.
 The Râul Viilor is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Downtown is a 1990 American police action comedy film directed by Richard Benjamin. This would be the second pairing of Anthony Edwards and Forest Whitaker both of whom played roles in Fast Times at Ridgemont High. (1982)
 Dravlaus is a village in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village is located along the Dalsfjorden about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of the village of Lauvstad. The Dravlausdalen valley runs west from Dravlaus along the Dravlauselva river. Dalsfjord Church is located in Dravlaus along the shore of the fjord.
 Elsinore Peak is a named 3575-foot (1090 m) summit at the southern end of the mountain ridge running southeast from the vicinity east of El Cariso in the Elsinore Mountains in Riverside County California in the United States.
 Te Acordarás de Mí (You Will Remember Me) is the title of a studio album released by singer Olga Tañón on October 27 1998. This album became her second number-one album on the Billboard Top Latin Albums.The song Voy A Sacarte De Mi Mente is a Spanish-language version of Go West's hit song King of Wishful Thinking.
 Swimmers is a 2005 American independent drama about a waterman's family on Chesapeake Bay's eastern shore. It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 22 2005 and won the Grand Jury Prize for Best New American Film from the Seattle International Film Festival. The title and theme of the film were inspired by the Latin name for the Chesapeake Bay's indigenous Maryland blue crab – Callinectes sapidus – Callinectes translates as beautiful swimmers.
 Musaabad (Persian: موسي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mūsáābād) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Asadabad County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1716 in 415 families.
 Teodorówka-Kolonia [tɛɔdɔˈrufka kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol within Biłgoraj County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Frampol 15 km (9 mi) north of Biłgoraj and 65 km (40 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 171.
 Vinegar Hill is a 1994 novel by A. Manette Ansay. It was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in November 1999. It was adapted as a TV movie in 2005 starring Mary-Louise Parker and Tom Skerritt.
 Neve Shalom Synagogue (Turkish: Neve Şalom Sinagogu Hebrew: בית הכנסת נווה שלום‎; lit. Oasis of Peace or Valley of Peace) is a synagogue in the Karaköy quarter of Beyoğlu district in Istanbul Turkey.The synagogue was built in response to an increase in the Jewish population in the old Galata neighborhood (today encompassed by Beyoğlu district) in the late 1930s. A Jewish primary school was torn down in 1949 for that purpose and the synagogue was built on its ruins.
 Kirsten Running-Marquardt is a Democratic Iowa State Representative elected to represent the 33rd District in the Iowa House of Representatives since a special election in November 2009. She replaced Dick Taylor who resigned in October 2009 to focus on his family.As of October 2011 Running-Marquardt serves on several committees in the Iowa House - the Appropriations Economic Growth/Rebuild Iowa Labor and Local Government committees.
 Wycinki [vɨˈt͡ɕinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziec within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south-west of Konin and 85 km (53 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 30.
 Ge is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Yussuf Khamis (born 13 August 1964) is a Tanzanian CUF politician and Member of Parliament for Nungwi constituency since 2010.
 Fantasia 2000 is a 1999 American animated film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 38th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series and the sequel to the 1940 film Fantasia. As with its predecessor the film consists of animated segments set to pieces of classical music with The Sorcerer's Apprentice being the only segment that is featured in both films.
 The River Kennett rises south of Dalham in Suffolk and flows northward past Moulton and Kennett and joins Lee Brook a tributary of the River Lark just south of Freckenham. The river is generally dry in the summertime.At Moulton the river passes under a Grade-II*-listed 15th-century packhorse bridge. This bridge has four arches indicating that the river was larger when the bridge was constructed.
 Stanley Institute also known as Rock School is a historic African American school building located at Cambridge Dorchester County Maryland. It is a rectangular one-story gable-front frame building with a small entrance vestibule built about 1865. Three original blackboards still occupy their proper locations The building was moved to its present location from a site near Church Creek in 1867.
 Illimani (Aymara) is the highest mountain in the Cordillera Real (part of the Cordillera Oriental a subrange of the Andes) of western Bolivia. It lies just south of La Paz at the eastern edge of the Altiplano. It is the second highest peak in Bolivia after Nevado Sajama and the eighteenth highest peak in South America. The snow line lies at about 4570 metres (15000 ft) above sea level and glaciers are found on the northern face at 4983 m (16350 ft).
 Adak Army Base and Adak Naval Operating Base on Adak Island is significant for having served as a staging area for the American assaults during World War II on Japanese-held Aleutian Islands of Kiska and Attu.The set of bases was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987.Only ruins of the bases survive today.
 The Bregu Mosque is one of the six mosques in Ulcinj and it is located in neighbourhood Meraja. It was built by captain Ahmet Gjyli from Ulcinj in 1783 near his own house. It was significantly damaged in the earthquake in 1979 and in 1986 was reconstructed. The Friday Khutbah is given in Arabic and Albanian language. By some local scholars is claimed that the mosque is influenced by Wahhabi movements.
 Second Light (subtitled An Original Dreadzone Sound Adventure) is the second album by the British band Dreadzone. It was released on Virgin Records in 1995. John Peel had supported their first album 360° giving it heavy airplay as he also did for Second Light which he cited as one of his favourite albums of all time. The album was heavily represented in the Festive Fifty for 1995.
 Srimanta Sankaradev Kalakshetra (Assamese: শ্ৰীমন্ত শংকৰদেৱ কলাক্ষেত্ৰ) commonly Kalakshetra is a cultural institution in the Panjabari area of Guwahati Assam named after the medieval poet-playwright and reformer Srimanta Sankardev. It includes a cultural museum library and various facilities for preserving demonstrating and performing cultural items besides a children's park.
 Fred Schneider and the Shake Society is an album by Fred Schneider.
 Tonse East is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Udupi taluk of Udupi district in Karnataka.
 Rhytidopilidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails marine gastropod mollusks from the Paleozoic Era.This family is unassigned to superfamily. This family has no subfamilies.
 Outbreak is a 1995 American medical disaster film directed by Wolfgang Petersen. The film stars Dustin Hoffman Rene Russo and Morgan Freeman and co-stars Cuba Gooding Jr. Kevin Spacey Donald Sutherland and Patrick Dempsey.The film focuses on an outbreak of a fictional Ebola-like virus called Motaba in Zaire and later in a small town in the United States. Its primary settings are government disease control centers USAMRIID and the CDC and the fictional town of Cedar Creek California.
 Belodol is a village in the municipality of Pomorie in Burgas Province in southeastern Bulgaria.
 'Olavu Geluvu' (Kannada: ಒಲವು ಗೆಲುವು ) is a 1977 Indian Kannada film directed by H.R. Bhargava.The film starred Rajkumar Lakshmi in the lead roles.
 Shooting Script is a first person narrative novel by English author Gavin Lyall first published in 1966.
 All Your Love is Malaysian recording artist Siti Nurhaliza's fifteenth studio album and her first English-language album. It was released digitally on September 16 and physically on September 26 2011 by What's Up Entertainment which is owned and managed by her stepson Adib Khalid.
 Zekri (Persian: ذكري‎ also Romanized as Z̄ekrī; also known as Kalāteh Z̄ekrī) is a village in Tabas-e Masina Rural District Gazik District Darmian County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 17 families.
 The Magic Mountain (German: Der Zauberberg) is a novel by Thomas Mann first published in November 1924. It is widely considered to be one of the most influential works of 20th century German literature.Mann started writing what was to become The Magic Mountain in 1912. It began as a much shorter narrative which revisited in a comic manner aspects of Death in Venice a novella that he was then preparing for publication.
 The São Tomé shrew (Crocidura thomensis) is a white-toothed shrew approximately three inches long found only on São Tomé Island São Tomé and Príncipe. It is listed as a critically endangered species due to habitat loss and a restricted range. It was discovered in 1886. The population continues to decrease making these animals rare. It is found only on São Tomé Island a small island that is actually a shield volcano that rises out of the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Rondi Toró River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Benjamin and Mary Ann Bradford House is a private house located at 48145 Warren Road in Canton Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Aditya Thackeray (born 13 June 1990) is the son of Uddhav Thackeray leader and chairperson of the Shiv Sena and grandson of Balasaheb Thackeray. He is currently head of Yuva Sena a youth wing of Shiv Sena.Aditya established the Yuva Sena on 17 October 2010 and it has units across Maharashtra Rajasthan Madhya Pradesh Kerala Bihar and Jammu and Kashmir.
 Gone Again is an album by Patti Smith released June 18 1996 on Arista Records. The production of the record was preceded by the deaths of many of Smith's close friends and peers including her husband Fred Sonic Smith her brother Todd Robert Mapplethorpe Richard Sohl and Kurt Cobain with whom Smith had sympathized.
 Islam and Dhimmitude: Where Civilizations Collide is a book by Bat Ye'or.
 The Good Dinosaur is an upcoming American 3D computer-animated comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is currently scheduled to be released on November 25 2015. It is the studio's sixteenth feature film. Bob Peterson who came up with the idea for the story directed The Good Dinosaur until August 2013 when he was removed from the film.
 The Year of the Dragon is the best-known play by Frank Chin the first Asian American playwright to be produced on a mainstream New York stage. It was staged in 1974 by the American Place Theatre and was filmed by PBS with George Takei in the leading role; Pat Suzuki and Tina Chen were in both versions.
 Kohel Bolagh (Persian: كهل بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Kohel Bolāgh; also known as Kohel Bolāghī) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 43 families.
 Cine Blitz is a Hindi and English film magazine published every month in India. It is based in Mumbai.Cine Blitz belongs to the VJM Media Group promoted by Dr. Vijay Mallya. It was originally started by Rifa Publications headed by Russy Karanjia and publishers of the popular political weekly Blitz. His daughter Rita Mehta was the first editor-in-chief of the magazine. Currently Nichola Pais is the editor of Cine Blitz.
 River of Gold (Portuguese: O Rio do Ouro) is a 1998 Portuguese drama film directed by Paulo Rocha. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Tauherenikau River is a river of the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows initially southeast from its sources on the slopes of Mount Hector before turning southwest to run down a long valley in the tararua Range. from the end of the valley it again turns southeast flowing past the town of Featherston before reaching the northern shore of Lake Wairarapa.
 Tornoconia is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family.
 The Shooting Range is a compilation album by American rapper Messy Marv released on August 2010 via Clickclack Records. The first of the Shooting Range series the album features guest appearances from D.O.E. Glasses Malone and The Jacka among others. It peaked on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart at No. 85.
 Candidatus (Latin for candidate of Roman office named after the white gown worn by Roman senators) is in scientific classification a component of the taxonomic name for a bacterium that cannot be maintained in a bacteriology culture collection. It is an interim taxonomic status for noncultivable organisms. An example would be Candidatus Phytoplasma allocasuarinae. This can be abbreviated to Ca. Phytoplasma allocasuarinae.
 Philagraulella are a genus of insect belonging to the family Tineidae. It contains only one species Philagraulella punica which is found in Sudan.
 Sheikh Chilli is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Breakthrough was a 1950 film starring John Agar about an American infantry unit in World War II. Approximately one-third of the film was assembled from preexisting footage.
 Fergus Ewing (born 23 September 1957) is a Scottish politician serving as the Scottish Government's Minister for Energy Enterprise and Tourism and the Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for Inverness and Nairn.
 Free Spirit (Spanish: Alma liberada) is a 1951 Argentine drama film directed and written by Edmundo del Solar. The film premiered on 9 July 1951 in Buenos Aires.The film starred Juan Corona María de la Fuente Pilar Gómez Iván Grondona and Josefina Ríos. Director Edmundo del Solar also appeared in the film.
 Jokajdon is a genus of small air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.
 Seeta Rama Kalyanam is a 1961 Telugu film starring N. T. Rama Rao.
 BMC Nursing is an open access peer-reviewed nursing journal published by BioMed Central covering all aspects of nursing research training education and practice.
 The Broken Jug (also sometimes translated The Broken Pitcher) (German: Der zerbrochne Krug) is a comedy written by the German playwright Heinrich von Kleist. Kleist first conceived the idea for the play in 1801 upon looking at a copper engraving in Heinrich Zschokke's house entitled Le juge ou la cruche cassée. In 1803 challenged over his ability to write comedy Kleist dictated the first three scenes of the play though it was not completed until 1806.
 Looking Forward is also the title of a science fiction anthology edited by Milton Lesser.Looking Forward is the fourteenth album by Crosby Stills Nash & Young and the third studio album by the quartet. It was released on Reprise Records in 1999 and peaked at #26 on the Billboard 200. It is their final studio album to date and is currently out of print.
 Partners Brothers And Friends is a 1985 album from The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band. The album reached #9 on the US Country charts. The three singles from this album were top 10 on the US Country charts. Modern Day Romance went to #1 Home Again in My Heart went to 3 and Partners Brothers and Friends went to 6.
 Suspicious Package is the second full-length album by the blues-rock band Earl Greyhound. It was released in April 2010 by the band's own label Hawk Race Records. The album marks a departure from the band's previous album Soft Targets by mixing that album's blues rock sounds with additional genre influences while increasing the contributions of bassist/keyboardist/singer Kamara Thomas and drummer Ricc Sheridan.
 Darío Suro (June 13 1917 La Vega – January 18 1997 Santo Domingo) was an art critic diplomat and painter from the Dominican Republic. He was the nephew of painter Enrique García Godoy his first art teacher. Along with Yoryi Morel and Jaime Colson he is considered one of the founders of the modernist school of Dominican painting.
 Baritius drucei is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1910. It is found in Venezuela.
 The Ingrate is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Vosuqabad (Persian: وثوق اباد‎ also Romanized as Vos̄ūqābād) is a village in Eqbal-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 452 in 113 families.
 Goniocraspedum is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Down East The Magazine of Maine also known as Down East Magazine is the principal general interest monthly magazine covering Maine according to Ulrich's Periodicals Directory. It is based in Camden Maine. As it was originally known Down East Magazine was founded in 1954.
 The Namu Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia Canada located south of Namu Lake east of Fitz Hugh Sound. It has an area of 197 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 Parakneria spekii is a species of fish in the Kneriidae family. It is endemic to Tanzania. Its natural habitat is rivers.
 Ultra (Italian: Ultrà) is a 1991 Italian drama film directed by Ricky Tognazzi. It was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival where Tognazzi won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
 Frank Crean (28 February 1916 – 2 December 2008) was a senior minister in the Australian Labor Party government of Gough Whitlam from 1972 to 1975 and was Deputy Prime Minister for the last six months of the government's term.
 Jamieson Ronald Jamie Reed (born 4 August 1973) is a British Labour politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Copeland in Cumbria since 2005 replacing Copeland's long-serving former MP Jack Cunningham. He is currently a Shadow Health Minister.
 Museo de Arte de Ponce (MAP) is an art museum located on Las Americas Avenue (PR-133) in Ponce Puerto Rico. It is considered one of the finest art museums in Puerto Rico. It houses a collection of European art as well as work by Puerto Rican artists. The largest art museum in the Caribbean it has also been called one of the best in the Americas.
 Wiera (Schwalm) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Buttermilk Creek is a tributary of the Muskrat River in the township of Whitewater Region Renfrew County Ontario Canada.
 Monga (Chinese: 艋舺; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Báng-kah) is a 2010 Taiwanese gangster film set in 1980s Taipei. The film stars Ethan Juan from TV series Fated To Love You and Mark Chao also features Ma Ju-Lung from Cape No.7 and Rhydian Vaughan from Winds of September. The film was directed and co-written by Doze Niu who also appears in the film.
 Lindholmiola is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicodontidae.
 Smithsonian is the official journal published by the Smithsonian Institution in Washington D.C. The first issue was published in 1970.
 Time and Tide is a 1916 short drama film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 St Fflewin's Church Llanfflewin (sometimes referred to as St Fflewyn's Church Llanfflewyn) is a small rural church situated by a farm in Anglesey north Wales.
 Patrick Lee Pat Garofalo is an American politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota he represents District 58B which includes portions of Dakota and Goodhue counties in the southeastern Twin Cities metropolitan area.
 The Tearful Underwing (Catocala lacrymosa) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Massachusetts and Connecticut south to Florida west to Texas and eastern Oklahoma and north to Illinois and Michigan and into southern Ontario.The wingspan is 60–82 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September depending on the location.
 Paracotis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Alexander Nikolaevich Yakovlev (Russian: Алекса́ндр Никола́евич Я́ковлев; 2 December 1923 – 18 October 2005) was a Soviet politician and historian. During the 1980s he was a member of the Politburo and Secretariat of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
 The Sandstone Shrikethrush (Colluricincla woodwardi) is a species of bird in the Colluricinclidae family.It is endemic to Australia.
 Alan Joseph Shatter (born 14 February 1951) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He is a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South constituency and has been the Minister for Justice and Equality and Minister for Defence since March 2011.
 Guet-Apens is the sixth studio album by the French progressive rock band Ange and the first without Jean Michel Brezovar and Daniel Haas. It was released in 1978.
 Euphaedra uganda is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Uganda and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.The larvae feed on Deinbollia fulvotomentella and Allophylus subcoriaceus.
 Champions of Ruin is a hardcover accessory for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 Blechroneromia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Breiliflaka is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The News & Observer is the regional daily newspaper of the Research Triangle area of the U.S. state of North Carolina. The N&O as it is popularly called is based in Raleigh and also covers Durham Cary and Chapel Hill. The paper also has substantial readership in most of the state east of Winston-Salem. It is the state's second-largest newspaper after The Charlotte Observer.
 Christmas Time with Oleta is a holiday album by the American vocalist pianist and songwriter Oleta Adams and was released in 2006.
 Il Boss aka The Boss Murder Inferno or Wipeout! is a poliziottesco film written and directed by the Italian crime film specialist Fernando Di Leo in 1973. It is the final part of Di Leo's Milieu Trilogy also consisting of Milano calibro 9 and La mala ordina both released in 1972.
 Fort View Apartments also known as Fort Stevens Place is an historic structure located in the Brightwood neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of Washington D.C. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010. The apartments designed by George Santmyers overlook Fort Stevens Park. The 62-unit complex sat empty for a number of years until it was redeveloped for over $19 million. The project was completed in 2011.
 The Şirod River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
 Barbie: The Princess and the Popstar is a 2012 American musical Comedy fantasy animated film produced by Rainmaker Animation and Universal Studios Home Entertainment.
 Persona Non Grata is the third studio release by Dutch crossover band Urban Dance Squad. With the departure of DJ DNA the band decided to maintain a more aggressive approach than on their previous two albums resulting in their most hard rock and heavy metal influenced album. The stylistic change resulted in some moderate success in Europe. The album was released in April 1994. The song Demagogue became a European club hit.
 Räitsvere is a village in Rakke Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Jack is a 2014 German drama film directed by Edward Berger. The film had its premiere in the competition section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Pol Van Den Driessche is a Belgian politician and a member of the Christian Democratic and Flemish party (CD&V). He was elected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2007.
 Abraham Edwards (September 7 1796-February 5 1870) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the fifth Mayor of Cambridge Massachusetts.
 Zarzar (Persian: زرزر‎; also known as Raz Zarzar) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District Sojas Rud District Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 608 in 116 families.
 Live at the Dynamo is the second major live release by British folk metal band Skyclad. It contains some of the same tracks as Another Fine Mess but was distributed in a different market.
 Pamela Pam Snyder is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives serving since 2013. She represents the 50th district. Snyder previously served for nine years as a Greene County Commissioner.
 Animetal Lady Marathon II (アニメタル・レディー・マラソンII Animetaru Redī Marason Tsū) is the second and final studio album by Animetal Lady (Animetal with Mie of Pink Lady as the vocalist). As with Animetal Lady Marathon the album consists of heavy metal covers of shōjo anime theme songs children's anime theme songs and other anime theme songs sung by women. The album features a guest appearance by former Megadeth guitarist Marty Friedman.
 Oryan (Persian: عريان‎ also Romanized as ‘Oryān) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 426 in 110 families.
 The Shock Labyrinth (戦慄迷宮) is a 2009 Japanese film directed by Takashi Shimizu. The theme song is called CLONE and is performed by Straightener.
 Kohoutov is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Henck Alphonsus Eugène Arron (25 April 1936 – 4 December 2000) was the Prime Minister of Suriname from 24 December 1973 to 25 February 1980 when he was overthrown in a coup d'état by Dési Bouterse. After Johan Adolf Pengel died in 1970 Arron a banker became the leader of the NPS the main Creole party. In 1973 Arron created a coalition which included the pro-independence PNR party that won that year's general election.
 Pony is an award-winning short film directed by Ed Gass-Donnelly starring Karyn Dwyer as a dead girl in limbo who uses the last seconds of her life to ease her father's grief. It is based on an excerpt from the play White Biting Dog by two time Governor General Award winning playwright Judith Thompson.
 Michel Aflaq (Arabic: ميشيل عفلق‎‎ 1910 – 23 June 1989) was a Syrian philosopher sociologist and Arab nationalist. His ideas played a significant role in the development of Ba'athism and its political movement; he is considered by several Ba'athists to be the principal founder of Ba'athist thought.
 Dancing in my Nuddy-Pants! is young adult novel (a romance aimed at girls aged 13–15) by British author Louise Rennison. It is the 4th book in the Georgia Nicolson series. The book was first published in Great Britain by Piccadilly Press Ltd in 2002.
 Hondryches is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Xyletobius meyrickii is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Here is the third album by rap musician and producer of The Foreign Exchange Hip hop duo Nicolay. The album was self produced and mixed under BBE music. The album has collaborations from artists Darien Brockington Black Spade Wiz Khalifa and Sy Smith.
 Nine Princes in Amber is a new wave fantasy novel and the first in the Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny. It was first published in 1970 and later spawned a computer game of the same name.
 Hellboy: Weird Tales is a Dark Horse Comics bimonthly eight-issue comic book limited series that offered a variety of guest writers and artists the chance to give their own take on the Hellboy characters created by Mike Mignola whilst he was in Prague working on the first Hellboy movie. The issues were published bi-monthly to alternate with a series of B.P.R.D. one-shots and were collected in two trade paperback volumes.
 Senathipathi (English: Chief) is a 1996 Tamil drama film directed by M. Rathnakumar an erstwhile assistant of Bharathi Raja and also wrote script for his films Karuthamma and Kizhakku Cheemayile. The film features Sathyaraj Soundarya and Sukanya in lead roles. The film produced by Malar Balu and K. Dhandapani had musical score by Deva and was released on 10 November 1996.
 The Stone Monkey is a novel by crime writer Jeffery Deaver. First published in 2002 it is the fourth Deaver novel featuring the quadraplegic detective Lincoln Rhyme.
 Acrocercops chalinopa is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Brazil. It was described by E. Meyrick in 1920.
 Flourish is a 2006 film written produced and directed by Kevin Palys and starring Jennifer Morrison Jesse Spencer Leighton Meester and Ian Brennan.
 Euphaedra brevis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon and from Equatorial Guinea to the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 A Long Time Coming is the first studio album by Emmy award-winning actor and comedian Wayne Brady. It was released on September 16 2008. It has also been noted for bringing back a more classic style of R&B music.[citation needed] It spawned one single Ordinary. It peaked at #183 on the Billboard 200 and #30 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart on October 4 2008 but five weeks later it went up on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums peaking at #20 and making a re-entry on the Billboard 200 at #157.
 In the Midst of Bloodied Soil is the debut album by American technical death metal band With Passion.
 The House at 203 Islington Road is a historic house at 203 Islington Road in Newton Massachusetts.It was built in 1870 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It was historically referenced as the gatehouse of the Islington Estate developed by Ezra Winslow.It was briefly featured in episode 1 of the 31st season of the PBS television series This Old House (2009).
 Colus holboelli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Stone Arabia School also known now as Stone Arabia Schoolhouse Museum was built in 1854 in Cicero New York. It is significant as an outstanding example of a mid-nineteenth century modest Greek Revival style one-room schoolhouse. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.It is operated by a local history group the Cicero Historical Society and is open on weekends during the summer.
 Nephopterix nocticolorella is a species of snout moths in the genus Nephopterix. It was described by Ragonot in 1887. It is found in the Russian Far East (it was described from the Amur region).
 The Cerasa River or Cerișa River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Khar Tidu (Persian: خارتيدو‎ also Romanized as Khār Tīdū; also known as Zangūtī) is a village in Bajestan Rural District in the Central District of Bajestan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sierra de Cuera (Asturian: Sierra del Cuera) is a 30 km long mountain chain of the Cantabrian Mountains.The ridge's highest point is Pico Turbina (1315 m). This mountain range is located at 6 km from the sea and runs parallel to the coast. It lies within the Cabrales Llanes Peñamellera Alta Peñamellera Baja and Ribadedeva municipal terms.
 The Warren E. Sherburne House is an historic house on 11 Percy Road in Lexington Massachusetts. This architecturally eclectic house was designed by Boston architect Samuel D. Kelley and built in 1894. The house as irregular massing reminiscent of Queen Anne styling as well as other features such as its porch treatment that are indicators of the Colonial Revival then coming into style.
 Óscar Luis Castañeda Lossio (born June 21 1945) is a Peruvian politician who was Mayor of Lima Peru from 2003 to 2010.
 Jeffrey Dinowitz represents District 81 in the New York State Assembly which comprises Kingsbridge Norwood Riverdale Van Cortlandt Village Wakefield and Woodlawn.He was chosen in a special election held in 1994 to replace G. Oliver Koppell. Dinowitz previously served as Democratic District Leader from 1986 to 1994. He has also served as a Democratic State Committeeman (1978) and as a delegate to the Democratic National Convention.
 Christa Prets (born 2 October 1947 in Diez Germany) is an Austrian politician and Member of the European Parliament.
 The Sound of the Trio is a 1961 live album by the Oscar Peterson Trio recorded at the London House jazz club in Chicago.Three other albums were recorded by Peterson and his trio at the London House The Trio Something Warm and Put On a Happy Face. The complete music recorded by the trio at these sessions was released in 1997.
 The Robert L. Spotswood House also known as the J. Clyde Glenn House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1926 in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12 1991 as a part of the Spanish Revival Residences in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.
 The Bidasoa (Basque: [bidasoa] Spanish: [biðaˈsoa]; French: Bidassoa) is a river in the Basque Country of northern Spain and southern France that runs largely south to north.
 Tappeh Taq (Persian: تپه طاق‎ also Romanized as Tappeh Ţāq; also known as Pathūk and Pazūk) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District Dastgerdan District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 392 in 104 families.
 James Jim or J.R. Keller (January 16 1907 – August 7 1972) was a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives and the Minnesota Senate from southeastern Minnesota.
 The common shrew opossums (genus Caenolestes) are members of the Caenolestidae family. They are found in Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.
 Haata Dhari Chalutha is a 2013 Oriya romantic movie directed by Himansu Parija. It was produced by Anubhav & Anuprash Mohanty. The film starts with Anubhav mohanty & Barsha priyadarshini in lead roles. The music was given by Prem Anand. The film released on 14 June 2013.
 Throne of the Crescent Moon is a fantasy novel by Saladin Ahmed. The book was published by DAW Books in February 2012. The book is a nominee for the 2013 Hugo Award for best novel and was nominated for the 2012 Nebula Award for Best Novel. It won the Locus Award for Best First Novel.
 The Northern Lights Cathedral - Alta Church (Norwegian: Nordlyskatedralen - Alta Kirke) is a the main parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the central part of the town of Alta. The church is part of the Alta parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
 The Venețioara River or Venecioara River is a tributary of the Veneția River in Romania.
 Alcithoe chathamensis is a species of medium-sized deepwater sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae the volutes.
 The Journal of Palliative Medicine is the official academic journal of both the Center to Advance Palliative Care and the Hospice and Palliative Nurses Association covering aspects of end of life medical care. It is known in the field by the acronym 'JPM.' Until 2008 it was the official journal of the American Association of Hospice and Palliative Medicine.
 The Cultural Creatives: How 50 Million People Are Changing the World is a nonfiction social sciences and sociology book by sociologist Paul H. Ray and psychologist Sherry Ruth Anderson first published in 2000. The authors introduced the term Cultural Creatives to describe a large segment in Western society that has recently developed beyond the standard paradigm of modernists or progressives versus traditionalists or conservatives.
 Old Main at Knox College Galesburg Illinois is the oldest building on the college campus and the best preserved site of one of the 1858 senatorial debates between Abraham Lincoln and Stephen Douglas. It has been designated a National Historic Landmark by the U.S. Department of the Interior.
 The Hennepin County Government Center is the courthouse and primary county government administration building for Hennepin County in the State of Minnesota. It is located in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota the county seat of Hennepin County. Before its construction the Hennepin County government offices were housed in the Minneapolis City Hall-Hennepin County Courthouse.
 Bhatewadi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka India.
 The Knoxville News Sentinel is a daily newspaper in Knoxville Tennessee United States owned by the E. W. Scripps Company. It operates knoxnews.com an award-winning news website.
 The Big 10 is the ninth mixtape by American rapper 50 Cent. It was released on December 9 2011 via his community website ThisIs50 as a free download.
 The Riley–Cutler House was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Zahedshir (Persian: زاهدشير‎ also Romanized as Zāhedshīr and Zāhed Shīr; also known as Deh-e Zāhed Deh Zāhid and Zāhedshīn) is a village in Dehpir Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 79 families.
 Cranopsis mazatlanensis is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical dry forests and intermittent rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hemingford is a village in Box Butte County Nebraska United States. The population was 803 at the 2010 census.
 Burntside Lodge is a resort located on Burntside Lake several miles out of Ely Minnesota United States. The resort has been in operation for nearly one hundred years.
 Luis Daniel Muñiz Cortés (born July 7 1974 on Mayagüez Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican politician and Senator. He has been a member of the Senate of Puerto Rico since 2004.
 The Musée des beaux-arts de Tours (English: Museum of Fine Arts of Tours) is located in the bishop's former palace near the cathedral St. Gatien where it has been since 1910. It displays rich and varied collections including that of painting which is one of the first in France both in quality and the diversity of the works presented.
 Urophora emphanes is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Slave to the System is the debut album by the American alternative hard rock supergroup Slave to the System released independently in 2002 and re-released through Spitfire Records on February 21 2006.
 Single and Famous is the first collaboration between Stanford graduates MC Lars and K.Flay.It was produced by K.Flay and MC Lars with help from the Rondo Brothers and the Dust Collector. The title track received airplay on San Francisco's Live 105.
 Eudalaca holophaea is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Dnevnik Hiacinte Novak is a novel by Slovenian author Aksinja Kermauner. It was first published in 2003.
 Adequate 7 EP is the debut release from the Welsh funk/punk/hardcore band Adequate Seven. It contains five tracks and is limited to 1500 copies.Two of the tracks were re-recorded for their debut full length album Songs of Innocence and of Experience. This EP features the original line up of the band: Ben Reynolds (drums) Jamie Searle (vocals) Jonny Prosser (bass) Kazz Bassma (guitar) Pete Barnes (guitars) Matt Price (trumpet) and Tom Pinder (trombone).
 An Other Cup is a studio album by Yusuf (formerly known as Cat Stevens) released on 10 November 2006 in Germany 13 November in the UK and the US and worldwide on 14 November. It is Yusuf's first Western pop album since Back to Earth which was released in 1978 under the name Cat Stevens.
 Stegastes apicalis commonly known as the Japanese gregory is a damselfish of the family Pomacentridae. It is native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean in the seas around Japan and the Ryukyu Islands. It has also been reported from Taiwan and South Korea. It is found on rocky reefs at depths ranging from 5 to 20 m (16 to 66 ft).
 Robinsonia mossi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1922. It is found in French Guiana and Brazil.
 Netphe is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Homaloptera santhamparaiensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Homaloptera.
 Roger Jonathon Reinert (born July 22 1970) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) he represents District 7 which includes St. Louis County. He is also an educator.
 The Rogoazele River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 Claude Wagner PC QC (April 4 1925 – July 11 1979) was a judge and politician in the Province of Quebec Canada. In his career Wagner was a Crown prosecutor professor of criminal law and judge.
 Jura Kola (Persian: جوراكلا‎ also Romanized as Jūrā Kolā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahmudabad County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 959 in 245 families.
 Krstače (Serbian: Крстаче) is a village in the municipality of Bileća Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Extreme Music From Women is a compilation album released in 2000 on the Susan Lawly label.
 Boyd Mill Ruins is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.It was built in the early 19th century powered by the West Harpeth River. The mill was used to produce flour and corn mill for area farmers for more than 50 years. It was one of about a dozen water-powered mills in the county in the 19th century. Around 1900 the mill ceased operation and was left to fall into ruins.
 Viktor Borisovich Khristenko (Russian: Ви́ктор Бори́сович Христе́нко; born 28 August 1957) was the Russian Minister of Industry from 9 March 2004 to 31 January 2012. From 31 May 1999 to 10 January 2000 he was First Deputy Prime Minister.
 The Shilabati River (also known as Silai) originates in the terrain of the Chhota Nagpur Plateau in the Purulia district of the state of West Bengal in eastern India. It flows in an almost southeasterly direction through the districts of Bankura and West Midnapore. The Shilabati joins the Dwarakeswar near Ghatal and afterwards is known as Rupnarayan.
 Koštana (Serbian: Коштана) is a popular play written by Borisav Stanković. It is set in Stanković's native Vranje a town in southern Serbia. It features a many themes of Serbian folklore and patriarchal customs which were still present in the late nineteenth century. The play is very popular to this day.The Serbian composer Petar Konjović wrote an opera of the same name based on the play.
 The short-nosed bandicoots (genus Isoodon) are members of the order Peramelemorphia. They can be found in Queensland New South Wales Victoria and in Albany Western Australia.[citation needed]
 Douglas Brand OBE (born 28/04/1951) is former British police officer who was tasked with assisting with the establishment of the newly formed Iraqi Police in the aftermath of the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
 The Campbellford Memorial Hospital is an Ontario class C and class G 34-bed hospital in the community of Campbellford municipality of Trent Hills Northumberland County in central Ontario Canada. It opened in 1953 is part of the Central East LHIN and is the largest employer in the community. The emergency department had 20448 visits between April 2009 and Mar 2010
 East Grand Blues (also released as Pattern Skies) is an EP by The Greenhornes.
 Heppnerographa is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.
 Suuresta is a village in Rae Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 54 (as of 1 January 2010).
 The Ethereal Mirror is the second full-length album by British doom metal band Cathedral. Released in 1993 this album sees the band experiment a wider scale of sound than on their debut album Forest of Equilibrium. The songs are not as doom-laden and grinding as on the first album. Some of the songs contain the first hints of a musical change which led to embracing stoner rock style on later records. It was re-issued in 2009 with a bonus disc and the DVD Ethereal Reflections.
 The North Sea is a marginal sea of the Atlantic Ocean located between Great Britain Scandinavia Germany the Netherlands Belgium and France. An epeiric (or shelf) sea on the European continental shelf it connects to the ocean through the English Channel in the south and the Norwegian Sea in the north.
 Billy: The Early Years is a 2008 American biographical film directed by Robby Benson. The film recounts the story of the world renowned evangelist Billy Graham played by Armie Hammer creating a portrayal of Billy’s life from the mid-1930s to the late 1940s when Billy Graham finds himself speaking in his famous Los Angeles crusade.
 Basilica di Santa Maria Assunta (Italian: Basilica Patriarcale di Santa Maria Assunta is the principal church in the town of Aquileia in the Province of Udine and the region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia Italy. The original church dated back to the fourth century. The current basilica was built in the eleventh century and rebuilt again in the thirteenth century. It is located on Via Sacra overlooking the Piazza del Capitolo along with the bell tower and baptistery.
 The Short-tailed Swallowtail (Papilio brevicauda) is a North American butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
 Commissioner Catherine Bramwell-Booth CBE OF born Catherine Booth Booth (20 July 1883 – 3 October 1987) Salvation Army officer was one of seven children born to General Bramwell Booth and Florence Eleanor Soper and was the granddaughter of the Salvation Army's Founder General William Booth and his wife Catherine Mumford known as the 'Mother of the Salvation Army'. In her later years Bramwell-Booth became well-known through her books and various radio and television appearances.
 Damlıca is a village in the District of Demirözü Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 177 people.
 John Fogg is an American politician who served as the mayor of Pensacola Florida from 1994-2009. Fogg was appointed to the post by the Pensacola City Council in 1994 and reappointed in 1995 1997 and 1999. In 2001 he became the first elected mayor since 1913.
 The Tonawanda Armory is a historic armory originally built for the 25th Separate Company of the New York National Guard and located in the city of Tonawanda in Erie County New York. It is a brick and stone castle-like structure built in 1897 designed to be reminiscent of medieval military structures in Europe. It was designed by State architect Isaac G. Perry.
 Anything Goes is the debut album from American country music singer Randy Houser. It was released on November 18 2008 (see 2008 in country music) on Universal South Records. The album's lead-off single is its title track which reached No. 16 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. Houser co-wrote all but three of the songs on the album. Boots On was released in February 2009 as the second single peaking at No. 2 on the same chart.
 Szántód is a village in Somogy county Hungary situated between Balatonföldvár and Zamárdi on the shore of the Lake Balaton. The village is famous for its ferry ferryboats the stunning view of Tihany from Szántód and the Szántódpuszta Tourist and Cultural Center which is a village museum (skanzen).It's just 13.4 km from Siófok the major town of the area 65.8 km from Kaposvár the capital of Somogy County and 117 km from Budapest the capital of Hungary.
 Winter Solstice is a 2004 American drama film written and directed by Josh Sternfeld. The screenplay focuses on the efforts of a man to interact with and relate to his sons in the years following the accidental death of his wife.
 Meterana stipata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It was described by Walker in 1865. It is found in New Zealand.
 The Snohomish River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington formed by the confluence of the Skykomish and Snoqualmie rivers near Monroe. It flows northwest entering Port Gardner Bay part of Puget Sound between Everett and Marysville. The Pilchuck River is its main tributary and joins the river at Snohomish.
 Józef Zych ([ˈjuzɛf ˈzɨx] born March 23 1938) is a Polish politician of the Polish People's Party. He was Sejm Marshal from 1995 to 1997 (and several times as Senior Marshall).As a Sejm Marshal Zych administered the oath of office for the first term of President Aleksander Kwaśniewski in December 1995.
 The Philological Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on medieval European and modern literature and culture. It was established in 1922 by Hardin Craig. The current editor-in-chief is Alvin Snider.
 The Latta Arcade is an indoor shopping arcade located at 320 S. Tryon St. in Charlotte North Carolina. It was built in 1914 to include a two floor atrium with stores and restaurants. There is a glass skylight over the atrium which was originally used to allow natural light for grading cotton. It was designed by architect William H. Peeps. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Hochschwab (or Hochschwabgruppe) is a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps of Austria. The range is in Steiermark. The highest peak is also called Hochschwab and is 2277 metres above the Adriatic.
 CBC Warrier (Malayalam:സിബിസി വാര്യർ Sibisi Vāryaj̳a) (born 30 October 1932 in Haripad Alleppey Kerala India) known to the political circle as CBC was an Indian political leader of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) and a member of Kerala Legislative Assembly for 12 years. He was elected as MLA Member of Legislative Assembly in 4th and 6th term of Kerala State legislative assembly.
 Jajui-ye Olya (Persian: جاجوي عليا‎ also Romanized as Jājūī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Jājū Jājū ‘Olyā and Joojah) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 35 in 5 families.
 The Africa Development Perspectives Yearbook is an annual publication devoted to socio-economic trends in Africa. According to its publication program the yearbook wishes to analyse African economic policies on various levels: from local to national regional and international level.
 Mumm Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1910 by J. Norman Collie after Mumm Arnold L.
 The APA Building (also known as The Australian Building) is generally noted as one of the earliest high-rise buildings in Australia and the first skyscraper in Melbourne. The worlds 3rd tallest building in 1889 it is notable for being one of the few examples of the short-lived Queen Anne architectural style applied to a Victorian skyscraper.
 Kuortaneenjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Lapuanjoki main catchment area. It is located in the Southern Ostrobothnia region in Kuortane Finland.
 Monthly Comp Ace (月刊コンプ エース Gekkan Konpu Eesu short for Monthly Comptiq Ace) is a Japanese computer game and manga magazine published by Kadokawa Shoten. Comp Ace began as a special edition version of another one of Kadokawa Shoten's magazines Comptiq. The first issue was released on March 26 2005 and was published quarterly for the first three volumes which had cover illustrations by Itaru Hinoue of Key.
 Empire of the Undead is the eleventh studio album by German power metal band Gamma Ray released in March 28 2014. It will be their first album to feature new drummer Michael Ehré following Dan Zimmerman's departure in 2012.
 The Queen's Secretary (German: Der Sekretär der Königin) is a 1916 German silent comedy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Käthe Dorsch Ressel Orla and Margarete Kupfer. A young Queen secretly marries the commander of her bodyguard but things are complicated when his ex-lover arrives with a touring opera company. The film was widely praised for its direction acting and cinematography.
 Murrell Dobbins Career & Technical Education High School also known as Murrell Dobbins Vocational High School is a historic vocational school building located in the West Lehigh neighborhood of North Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1936-1937. It is a six- to seven-story 14 bay brick building in the Moderne-style. It has a one-story stone front building.
 Going in Style is a 1979 caper film written and directed by Martin Brest. It stars George Burns Art Carney Lee Strasberg and Charles Hallahan. The casino scenes were shot at the Aladdin Hotel & Casino on the Las Vegas Strip.
 Into the Glorious is the second studio album from Contemporary Christian music artist Christy Nockels released on April 3 2012 by Sparrow and sixstepsrecords.
 Thirsty (1997) is a horror novel written by M. T. Anderson. It is set in modern Clayton Massachusetts. The main character Christopher just wants a normal life; to date his crush Rebecca Schwartz stay up late and other teenager things. Unfortunately Chris has much more to worry about than puberty — he also has to deal with his vampirism.
 Carphontes paradoxus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Monne and Monne in 2010 and is known from Venezuela.
 Joking Apart is a 1978 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It was written in response to comments that Ayckbourn only ever wrote about unhappy couples. In this play Richard and Anthea are a perfectly happy married couple who inadvertently worsen the lives of those around them. Joking Apart on official Ayckbourn site
 Yoder Mill also known as Renninger Mill is a historic grist mill located in Pike Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1796 and is a 2 1/2-story frame building measuring 41 feet by 50 feet. It sits on a stone basement. It was rebuilt in 1885 after a fire. Also on the property is a contributing 2 1/2-story stuccoed stone miller's house (c. 1885) the headrace and millpond.
 Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm is a 1917 silent comedy-drama film directed by Marshall Neilan based upon the novel of the same name by Kate Douglas Wiggin. This version is notable for having been adapted by famed female screenwriter Frances Marion. The film was made by the Mary Pickford Company and was an acclaimed box office hit. When the play premiered on Broadway in the 1910 theater season the part of Rebecca was played by Edith Taliaferro.
 Tonale Pass (Italian: Passo del Tonale) (el. 1883 m./6178 ft.) is a high mountain pass in northern Italy across the Rhaetian Alps between Lombardy and Trentino.It connects Valcamonica and Val di Sole. It is delimited by the Ortler Alps to the north and the Adamello range to the south.The pass plays host to many hotels and shops for tourists in the winter as the land around the pass is used for winter sports - mainly skiing (see Adamello Ski Raid) and snowboarding. 
 Cryptoplax striata commonly known as the Striate Leathery Chiton is a species of chiton in the cryptoplax genus that lives under rocks and in crevices in the intertidal and subtidal waters of southern Australia. It grows to 120 mm long and has a brown leathery appearance with tiny non-articulated shell valves.
 The Obancea River is a tributary of the Valea lui Lambă River in Romania.
 Wheatus is the self-titled debut album by American alternative rock band Wheatus. The album was released on August 15 2000. Three singles were released from the album - Teenage Dirtbag which reached number two on the UK Singles Chart; A Little Respect which peaked at #3; and a double A-side single of Wannabe Gangstar and Leroy which peaked at #22. The album makes two references to Iron Maiden and the single version of Wannabe Gangstar features Bruce Dickinson their vocalist.
 The former United States Customhouse (now the Custom House Maritime Museum) is a historic building at 25 Water Street in Newburyport Massachusetts.The Classical Revival style building was constructed in 1834 and served a custom house until Newburyport declined in popularity as a major port. The Newburyport Maritime Society Inc. operates the Custom House Maritime Museum to showcase the maritime heritage of the Merrimack Valley.
 Cerro Paniri is a stratovolcano located in El Loa Province Antofagasta Region Chile and near the border with Bolivia. To its northwest lie the twin volcanoes San Pedro and San Pablo and to its southeast lies Cerro del León from which is separated by the huge Chao lava dome.Claudio Lucero and Nelson Muñoz made the first recorded ascent of Paniri in 1972. They found archaeological remains on its summit.
 A Wizard of Earthsea is a fantasy novel by the American author Ursula K. Le Guin first published by the small press Parnassus in 1968. Set in the fictional archipelago of Earthsea the story relates the education of a young mage named Ged under the tutelage of his aunt (a village witch) as an apprentice to a wizard at a school of wizardry and finally through a quest of self-discovery.
 Live is a live album by Saint Vitus recorded on November 10 1989 at Germany's Circus Gammelsdorf. The album was released in 1990 on Hellhound Records. It was re-released by Southern Lord Records (SUNN43) in 2005. This was the final release to feature singer Scott Wino Weinrich until he rejoined Saint Vitus some years later performing on their 2012 album Lillie: F-65.
 Saint is a 2006 mystery novel written by Ted Dekker. It is the second in the series of the 'Project Showdown' Books which are also called 'The Paradise Novels'.
 Boztepe is a village in the District of Adıyaman Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 For the 2011 play of this title see South Downs (play).The South Downs is a range of chalk hills that extends for about 260 square miles (670 km2) across the south-eastern coastal counties of England from the Itchen Valley of Hampshire in the west to Beachy Head near Eastbourne East Sussex in the east. It is bounded on its northern side by a steep escarpment from whose crest there are extensive views northwards across the Weald.
 Adam H. Putnam (born July 31 1974) is an American politician who has been the Florida Commissioner of Agriculture since 2011. Previously he was the U.S. Representative for Florida's 12th congressional district from 2001 to 2011. He is a member of the Republican Party.
 Eric Frederick Skrmetta (born October 1 1958) is an attorney from Metairie Louisiana who is a Republican member of the Louisiana Public Service Commission from District 1 which includes suburban New Orleans the eastern Florida Parishes and the River Parishes. The Public Service Commission is an influential regulatory agency which was the political springboard for former Governors Huey Long Jimmie Davis and John McKeithen.
 Good Girl Gone Bad: The Remixes is the first remix album by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. It was released on January 27 2009 through Def Jam Recordings. The album contains club remixes of tracks from her third studio album Good Girl Gone Bad (2007) and its 2008 re-release Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded. The songs were remixed by producers and disc jockeys such as Moto Blanco Tony Moran Soul Seekerz and Wideboys.
 Harry Micajah Daugherty (/ˈdoʊ.ərti/; January 26 1860 – October 21 1941) was an American politician. A key Ohio Republican political insider Daugherty is best remembered for his service as Attorney General of the United States under Presidents Warren G.
 Stratosfear is an electronic music album released in 1976 by the German group Tangerine Dream. It marks the beginning of the band's development away from their uncompromising early 1970s synthesizer experiments toward a recognizably more melodic sound a trend they would pick up again in 1979's Force Majeure.
 Dashti Kalateh-ye Sharqi (Persian: دشتي كلاته شرقي‎ also Romanized as Dashtī Kalāteh-ye Sharqī; also known as Dasht Kalāteh-ye Sharqī) is a village in Anzan-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Bandar-e Gaz County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 666 in 153 families.
 Son of Oi! is a 1983 punk compilation album released by Syndicate Records.
 Tetragimyia minor is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae the only species in the genus Tetragimyia.
 Barkudia insularis is a limbless lizard which was described in 1917 by Nelson Annandale and rediscovered in the wild in 2003. Little is known about the species but it is believed to be found only in the mangrove habitats near Barkud Island in Chilka Lake Odisha India. The lizard looks like a large earthworm and lives in the subsoil and probably feeds on small arthropods. The holotype was found in loose earth near the roots of a banyan tree of Badakuda island of Chilika lagoon in 1917.
 Rumor Has It... (Rumour Has It... in the United Kingdom Australia and Canada) is a 2005 romantic comedy film directed by Rob Reiner starring Jennifer Aniston Kevin Costner Shirley MacLaine and Mark Ruffalo. The screenplay by Ted Griffin derives from a real-life rumor[citation needed] about the family in the 1963 novel The Graduate by Charles Webb.
 Juan Pablo Longueira Montes (born August 12 1958) is a Chilean right-wing politician and industrial civil engineer who served as Minister of Economy Development and Tourism of Chile from 2011 to 2013. He is a member of the Independent Democratic Union (UDI) and served as a Senator before being appointed by President Sebastián Piñera to serve in the Cabinet.
 Fiestas and Fiascos is the final Lifter Puller LP composed of new material and the only album of theirs not included on Soft Rock. The record is much tighter than previous songs following the direction implied by songs like Secret Santa Cruz where the band plays hook-centrically and vocalist Craig Finn sings with more vocal force (shouting at times) than melodicism.
 The Julia Morgan House (also known as the Goethe House) is a Mediterranean Revival mansion located in the Elmhurst neighborhood of Sacramento California constructed by Julia Morgan the first woman licensed to practice architecture in California and formerly owned by Charles Goethe. Goethe left the home now listed on the National Register of Historic Places to Sacramento State University after his death in 1966.
 Mahala Gomionica is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Confess is the second album by Twin Shadow. The album was produced by George Lewis Jr.
 Edward Montagu Cavendish Stanley Lord Stanley PC MC (9 July 1894 – 16 October 1938) was a British Conservative politician. The eldest son of the 17th Earl of Derby he held minor political office before being appointed Secretary of State for Dominion Affairs in 1938 sitting in the cabinet alongside his brother Oliver Stanley. However Stanley died only a few months after this appointment aged 44.
 Zeitgeist: The Movie is a 2007 documentary-style film by Peter Joseph. It presents a number of conspiracy theory-based ideas such as the Christ myth theory conspiracy theories about the 9/11 attacks in 2001 and argues that bankers manipulate the media and international monetary system.[citation needed]Released online on June 18 2007 at zeitgeistmovie.com it became popular among conspiracy theorists.
 Yume Tsukai (夢使い trans. Dream Users) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Riichi Ueshiba. The series is a spin-off of Ueshiba's earlier manga Discommunication. It was made into an anime TV series produced by Madhouse that aired on some UHF stations and ABC Television.
 Behind The Player: Tim Skold is an Interactive Music Video featuring Marilyn Manson guitarist/bassist/producer Tim Skold. Released on November 1 2008 by IMV the DVD features Tim giving in-depth guitar and bass lessons for how to play Putting Holes in Happiness by Marilyn Manson and an intimate behind-the scenes look at his life as a professional musician including rare photos and video.
 Stephen (Steve) Kent MHA (born May 7 1978) is a Canadian politician in Newfoundland and Labrador. He currently serves as the Minister of Municipal and Intergovernmental Affairs the Minister Responsible for Fire and Emergency Services - Newfoundland and Labrador Minister Responsible for the Office of Public Engagement and Registrar General in the cabinet of Tom Marshall and is the Member of the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly for the District of Mount Pearl North.
 Basuki Tjahaja Purnama (EYD: Basuki Cahaya Purnama Chinese: 鍾萬勰; pinyin: Zhōng Wànxié; born June 29 1966) is the Vice Governor of Jakarta a former legislator in the Indonesian People's Representative Council. and the first Chinese Indonesian to hold this position.
 Idzikowice [id͡ʑikɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków within Namysłów County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Wilków 9 km (6 mi) north of Namysłów and 57 km (35 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Col des Champs (elevation 2087 m (6847 ft)) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence in France.It connects Barcelonette and the road over the Col d'Allos joining the valleys of the Var River and the Verdon River.
 Cheating at Solitaire is the first solo album from Social Distortion frontman Mike Ness. Released in 1999 it bypasses much of Social Distortion's punk muscle in favor of a more roots-oriented approach to rock and roll. It features cameos by Bruce Springsteen Brian Setzer and members of Royal Crown Revue.
 Leiocottus hirundo the Lavender sculpin is a species of sculpin native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from southern California USA to northern Baja California Mexico. It can be found from inshore to a depth of around 37 metres (121 ft). This species grows to a length of 25 centimetres (9.8 in) TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Vivian Grey is Benjamin Disraeli's first novel published by Henry Colburn in 1826. In 1827 a second volume was published. Originally published anonymously ostensibly by a so-called man of fashion part 1 caused a considerable sensation in London society. Contemporary reviewers suspicious of the numerous solecisms contained within the text eventually identified the young Disraeli (who did not move in high society) as the author.
 Harbinger Down is an upcoming American independent science-fiction monster horror film written and directed by Alec Gillis and produced by Tom Woodruff Jr.; the founders of the special effects studio Amalgamated Dynamics (ADI). The plot of the film follows a group of graduate students aboard the titular fishing trawler Harbinger who are studying the effects of global warming on a pod of Orcas in the Bering Sea.
 Robert John Anderson Carnwath Lord Carnwath of Notting Hill CVO (born 15 March 1945) is a British judge.Carnwath was educated at Eton College and Trinity College Cambridge.Carnwath was called to the Bar at Middle Temple in 1968. He practised in parliamentary law planning and local government revenue law and administrative law. He held the appointment of Junior Counsel to the Inland Revenue (Common Law) from 1980 to 1985 succeeded by Alan Moses now Lord Justice Moses.
 Keep Singin' That Love Song was The Archers first major label album. Impact Records re-released their independent recording The Archers a year earlier and sent master producer Bob MacKenzie to the West Coast for the new project.
 Shirvan (Persian: شيروان‎ also Romanized as Shīrvān; also known as Sharkat Zarayi Shirvan Chafa (Persian: شركت زراعي شيروان چفا) also Romanized as Sharḵat Zarāʿī Shīrvān Chafā Shahrak-e Shirvan (Persian: شهرك شيروان) also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Shīrvān Ḩasanābād Raḩīmābād and Shīrvān Chaqā) is a village in Shirvan Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1101 in 280 families.
 Keshli (Persian: كشلي‎ also Romanized as Keshlī) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District Kargan Rud District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2784 in 719 families.
 Amy Berman Jackson (born July 22 1954) is a District Judge on the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
 Write Your Own History is a compilation of B-sides and unreleased material by the Sunderland band Field Music. From the (entirely typographical) album cover & liner notes:...Field Music's debut album was recorded and mixed before we'd even decided upon a name though the three core members have played together in one form or another for over ten years.
 Gallahawatta is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The Protection of the Theotokos Church (Ukrainian: Свято-Покровська церква) is an Orthodox temple in the central part of the village of Il’nytsya Irshava Raion Zakarpattia Oblast Ukraine.
 Autochloris solimoes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1924. It is found in Brazil.
 The Accidental Gangster and the Mistaken Courtesan (Hangul: 1724 기방난동사건; RR: 1724 Gibang-nandong sageon; literally Gibang riot in 1724) is a 2008 South Korean film. Described as a comic action film The Accidental Gangster and the Mistaken Courtesan depicts the gangster culture of Joseon Dynasty Korea and is based on an actual fight that occurred at a kisaeng house in 1724.
 Ognjen Tadić (Огњен Тадић) (born 20 April 1974) is a Serb politician from Bosnia and Herzegovina. He is the vice-president of the Serbian Democratic Party and a MP of the House of the People in the Parliamentary Assembly of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Educated at the University of Banja Luka where he earned a B.Sc on the Faculty of Law and Magister of Science on the Faculty of political science. He was lawyer and newsman. Tadić is married and has two children.
 Foolish Behaviour is Rod Stewart's tenth studio album released on November 21 1980 (see 1980 in music) and on the Riva label in the United Kingdom (RVLP 11) and on Warner Bros. Records in both The United States (HS 3485) and Germany (WB 56 865). The tracks were recorded at The Record Plant Studios and Cherokee Studios in Los Angeles from February to September 1980.
 The Coongan River is an ephemeral river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise below the Chichester Range.
 Eudonia octophora is a species of moth of the Crambidae family. It is known from New Zealand.
 Joseph A. Petrarca Sr. (December 20 1928 – March 13 1995) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Trinity Chapel also known as St. John's Church and Beth-El Temple Church of God in Christ is a historic Episcopal church at 1874 Mott Avenue in Far Rockaway Queens New York. It was built in 1858 to the design of noted architect Richard Upjohn (1802–1878). It is a frame Gothic Revival style chapel on a brick foundation and three bays wide by five bays long. It has a steeply pitched roof and sided in wood shingles. Atop the roof is a wooden belfry with steeply pitched pyramidal roof.
 Choqa Kalbali (Persian: چقاكلب علي‎ also Romanized as Choqā Kalb‘alī and Chaqā Kalbe‘alī) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 70 families.
 Bill Haley and His Comets is the title of the tenth album of rock and roll recordings by Bill Haley & His Comets. Released in April 1960 it was the band's first album release for Warner Bros. Records following their departure from Decca Records at the end of 1959.
 Acrolophus hamiferella is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.
 James Henry Scullin (18 September 1876 – 28 January 1953) was an Australian Labor Party politician and the ninth Prime Minister of Australia. Scullin led Labor to government at the 1929 election. The Wall Street Crash of 1929 transpired just two days after his swearing in which would herald the beginning of the Great Depression in Australia.
 Kamenice river (German: Kamnitz) is a tributary of the Jizera river in the Czech Republic. It rises from several source streams in the Jizera Mountains (German: Isergebirge) of Bohemia at Holubník (the pigeon-house) (1070 m). Below the former crystal production village of Kristiánov (Christiansthal) a locality in the Bedřichov (Friedrichswald) only Liščí bouda (Fuchsbaude) remains preserved as a glass museum near where the Kamenice meets the Josefův Důl dam.
 Krambek (Pinnau) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Niedziałowice Drugie [ɲɛd͡ʑawɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Rejowiec 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Chełm and 57 km (35 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 129.
 Vidar Sveinung Kleppe (born 16 September 1963) is a Norwegian politician. He was a Member of Parliament and deputy leader of the Progress Party until he was suspended and left the party in 2001. He has since 2002 been leader of the Democrats party and has since 2003 held office as a member of the Vest-Agder county council and the Kristiansand municipal council.
 The Globalized City: Economic Restructing and Social Polarization in European Cities is a collection of discussions and case studies of large-scale urban development projects in nine European cities. It analyzes the relation between these projects and trends such as social exclusion the emergence of new urban elites and the consolidation of less democratic forms of urban governance.
 Lubno [ˈlubnɔ] (German: Lüben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz within Wałcz County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Wałcz and 118 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.
 Timeless is the thirty-fifth studio album by Bobby Vinton released in 1989. Two singles came from this album: It's Been One of Those Days and Please Tell Her That I Said Hello.
 Pulse is the seventh studio album by American R&B singer–songwriter Toni Braxton released May 4 2010 on Atlantic Records. It is her first album in five years and serves as her debut for the Atlantic label after signing a new record deal. Production for the album took place during September 2008 to March 2010 and was handled by several record producers including David Foster Harvey Mason Jr. Frank E Oak Lucas Secon and Dapo Torimiro.
 The Pârâul Cantonului is a tributary of the Coasta Benghii in Romania
 Zborówek Nowy [zbɔˈruvɛk ˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland.The village has a population of 181.
 Brighton Rock is a 1947 British film noir directed by John Boulting and starring Richard Attenborough as Pinkie (reprising his breakthrough West End creation of the character some three years earlier) Carol Marsh as Rose William Hartnell as Dallow and Hermione Baddeley as Ida. It was produced by Roy Boulting through the brothers' production company Charter Film Productions. The film was adapted from the 1938 novel Brighton Rock by Graham Greene.
 Barud (Persian: برود‎ also Romanized as Barūd and Bar Rūd) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 17 families.
 Peeping Tom Reloaded is the second compilation album fifth album overall by German eurodance/trance project S.E.X. Appeal.
 Lucius Nathan Littauer (January 20 1859 – March 2 1944) was an American politician businessman philanthropist and college football coach. He served in the United States House of Representatives from New York for five terms between 1897 and 1907. Littauer graduated from Harvard University in 1878 and was the school's first head football coach guiding the Crimson to a record of 5–1–2 in 1881.
 Market Wizards is a book written by Jack D. Schwager and published in 1988 in which he interviews a wide range of traders with excellent track records of profitability.The book contains four parts covering interviews with traders in a wide range of markets. The interviews contain a mixture of facts about the trading careers of the interviewees their philosophy and many trading anecdotes.
 La Buscona is a 1970 Argentine film.
 Lampronia russatella is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in mesic forests in eastern North America.The wingspan is about 12 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous with a purplish sheen. There is a yellowish white band near the base of the wing and two creamy spots on the termen. The hindwings are grey with reddish tinge. Adults are on wing from May to July.
 Häxan is a soundtrack to the 1922 Swedish/Danish silent horror film movie of the same name composed by Barði Jóhannsson.It also is the first album he released under his own name (he had before released 3 studio albums and a few singles with his bands Bang Gang and Lady and Bird). It was performed by the Bulgarian Symphony Orchestra produced by Barði Jóhannson and Thorir Baldursson and released in 2006.
 Bonjour paresse (Hello Laziness) is the title of an international bestseller by Corinne Maier a French writer psychoanalyst and economist. The book is a highly cynical and humorous critique of contemporary French corporate culture (epitomized for Maier by the middle manager) that advocates various ways of undermining the system. The title is a reference to Françoise Sagan's novel Bonjour Tristesse.
 The White-throated Cacholote (Pseudoseisura gutturalis) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.It is endemic to Argentina.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Turn Japanese is an EP released by Me First and the Gimme Gimmes on February 21 2001 by Japanese label Pizza of Death Records. The EP is made up of covers of songs from the 1960s and 70s.The majority of the songs were previously released with The Boxer You've Got a Friend and Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me each originally appearing on 7 singles (Garf In Your Barkalounger and Elton respectively) in 1999. All three later appeared on Have Another Ball.
 The Bradley-Hubbell House is an historic house located at 535 Black Rock Turnpike in Easton Connecticut. Built in 1816 for Aljah and Elizabeth Bradley it is a Colonial with a traditional center-chimney plan and a few Federal-style ornaments including oval windows in the gables a parlor mantel and rope molding on the stairs.
 Hypsidracon is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Awaragira is a 1990 Sri Lankan film directed by Lester James Peries.
 The Memoirs of Solar Pons is a collection of detective fiction short stories by author August Derleth. It was released in 1951 by Mycroft & Moran in an edition of 2038 copies. It was the second collection of Derleth's Solar Pons stories which are pastiches of the Sherlock Holmes tales of Arthur Conan Doyle.
 The Church of the Good Shepherd near Syracuse New York is located on the Onondaga Indian Reservation.
 Gornji Draganec is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D43 highway.
 Generation X is a 1965 165-page book on popular youth culture by British journalists Jane Deverson and Charles Hamblett. It contains interviews with teenagers who were part of the Mod subculture. It began as a series of interviews in a 1964 study of British youth commissioned by British lifestyle magazine Woman's Own where Deverson worked.
 Mona is the debut album by the American alternative rock band Mona. It was released in the United Kingdom and Europe on May 16 2011 via Zion Noiz Recordings/Island Records and in the United States on February 28 2012 via Zion Noiz Recordings/Mercury Records. The album was recorded and produced by the band independently and mixed by producer Rich Costey. Four singles were released from the album in the UK: Listen to Your Love Trouble On the Way Teenager and Shooting the Moon.
 Mada Minu Ashita ni (未だ見ぬ明日に Into an Unseen Tomorrow) is the second major-label EP by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation released on June 11 2008. The mini-album features songs conceived around the time of the recording of their preceding full-length album World World World.
 Delicate Edible Birds is a short story collection written by Lauren Groff. Groff was born and raised in Cooperstown New York home of American writers James Fenimore Cooper and W.W. Lord. Several of the stories take place in Upstate New York. Groff is also the author of the best-selling novel The Monsters of Templeton.
 Jean-Jacques Louis Philippe Guerrier (December 19 1757 – April 15 1845) was a career officer and general in the Haitian Army who became President of Haïti on May 3 1844. He died in office on April 15 1845.A respected soldier Guerrier had successfully commanded the southern black army during the Haitian Revolution. After Haiti became independent he retired from active service and became a plantation owner.
 The Pointe de l'Échelle (3442 m) is a mountain in the Vanoise Massif in Savoie France.
 One Deadly Summer (French: L'été meurtrier) is a French film directed by Jean Becker. Isabelle Adjani won a César award for her performance in this film. The film was a massive hit in France gaining 5137040 admissions and was the 2nd highest grossing film of the year.
 Seym (also transliterated as Seim and Sejm in Russian: Сейм; Ukrainian: Сейм) is a river in Russia and Ukraine. Its length is 748 km and its basin area about 27500 km². It is the largest tributary of the Desna.Towns located on the river: Kursk Rylsk Putyvl Kurchatov Baturin.
 The Alibeg River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Jaag Utha Insan is a 1984 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by K Vishwanath starring Mithun Chakraborty Rakesh Roshan Sridevi Sujit Kumar and Deven VermaIt is a love story between a Harijan boy and a Brahmin Girl played by Mithun Chakraborty and Sridevi respectively in the lead role supported by Rakesh Roshan Sujit Kumar and Deven Verma.
 A Cosmic Christmas is the first television special produced by the Canadian animation company Nelvana. It premiered on December 4 1977 in Canada on CBC Television a Canadian television network owned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation the national English-language public broadcaster. (Its French-language counterpart is Télévision de Radio-Canada headquartered in Montreal.)
 Cerro Bonete is a mountain in the north of the province of La Rioja Argentina near the provincial border with Catamarca. Its summit is 6759 m above mean sea level making it the fourth highest separate mountain in the Americas (after Aconcagua Ojos del Salado and Monte Pissis). SRTM data disproves the frequently made claim that its summit is 6872 m asl.
 Creatonotos fasciatus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Candèze in 1927. It is found in Cambodia Laos and China (Hong Kong).The length of the forewings is about 18.5 mm for males and 19 mm for females.
 Baboy Scouts (a spoof of Boy Scouts) is an adventure story arc of the Philippine comic strip series Pugad Baboy created by Pol Medina Jr. and originally published in the Philippine Daily Inquirer. This particular story arc lasts 25 strips long. In 1992 the story arc was reprinted in Pugad Baboy 3 the third book compilation of the comic strip series.
 Mantri Square (Kannada: ಮಂತ್ರಿ ಸ್ಕ್ವೇರ್) is a shopping mall situated in the Malleswaram locality in Bangalore Karnataka India. Mantri square is one of the biggest malls in the country and one of the popular malls in the city.
 Lizard (とかげ) is a short story collection by Banana Yoshimoto written in 1993 and translated into English in 1995 by Ann Sherif. It is a collection of six short stories on love and the healing power of time. In the American edition Banana dedicates her book to Kurt Cobain.
 Sheykh Koli (Persian: شيخ كلي‎ also Romanized as Sheykh Kolī; also known as Sheykh Kolá) is a village in Balatajan Rural District in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1065 in 261 families.
 Bounty (stylized as bounty) is the second audiovisual album produced by the electronic music project iamamiwhoami pseudonym of Swedish singer-songwriter Jonna Lee. Originally produced and released as a series of singles throughout 2010 and 2011 it was later released as an album on 3 June 2013 on iamamiwhoami's label To whom it may concern distributed by Cooperative Music a group of independent labels.
 Copadichromis mbenji is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Malawi. Its natural habitat is freshwater lakes.
 Arca imbricata or the mossy ark clam is a clam in the family Arcidae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America ranging from North Carolina to the West Indies Brazil and Bermuda.
 Otterbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Sirens is an album by American singer-songwriter S. J. Tucker released in 2006 (See 2006 in music).
 Ornarantia contrariana is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Walker in 1863. It is found in Brazil.
 Naveh Fereh (Persian: ناوه فره‎ also Romanized as Nāveh Fereh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 52 families.
 St. James Episcopal Church is a historic church at 131 N. State Street in Painesville Ohio. The main building was built in 1865 and added to the National Register in 1975.
 Ferenc Somogyi (born 1 September 1945. Hartkirchen Austria) is a former Hungarian Ambassador to the United States.
 Sphodromantis congica common name Congo mantis is a species of praying mantis found in Angola Nigeria and the Congo River region.
 The Saint Charles River (French: Rivière Saint-Charles) is a branch of the Saint Lawrence River that starts in Salaberry-de-Valleyfield Quebec. The river divides the Grande-Île and the Island of Salaberry which are located approximately 50km east of Montreal. The river is 8km long and drops 24m over its course from Lake Saint Francis east to Lake Saint-Louis.
 Enomoto: New Elements that Shake the World (えの素) is a manga written and drawn by Shunji Enomoto. It appeared in Kodansha's Weekly Morning from 1997 to 2003 and has been gathered into nine book collections. It is filled with extreme scatological and sexual humor on a gargantuan scale.
 Chase the Clouds Away is the tenth album by jazz musician Chuck Mangione.
 The Diamond Firetail (Stagonopleura guttata) is a species of estrildid finch that is endemic to Australia.
 The Burlington Magazine is a monthly academic journal that covers the fine and decorative arts. Established in 1903 it is the longest running art journal in the English language It is published by a charitable organisation since 1986.
 Run to Ruin is the third album by American singer-songwriter Nina Nastasia. It was recorded by Steve Albini at Black Box studio in Noyant-la-Gravoyère France and at Looking Glass studio in New York. Released in 2003 by Touch and Go Records it received universal critical acclaim according to Metacritic with a composite rating of 85 ranking 29th among the best albums of 2003.
 Krmelín is a village and municipality in Frýdek-Místek District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
 P. D. T. Achary (born 17 June 1945) is the former Secretary General of the 14th Lok Sabha and 15th Lok Sabha and Lok Sabha Secretariat Parliament of India i.e. the House of the People in the Indian Parliament (similar to the British House of Commons). As Secretary General he is also the Administrative head of the Secretariat of the Lok Sabha.
 Sivasakthi is a 1996 Tamil crime film directed by Suresh Krissna. The film features Sathyaraj Prabhu and Rambha in lead roles. The film was produced by M. G. Sekar and S. Santhanam had musical score by Deva and was released on 6 September 1996. The films was dubbed in Telugu under the same title. It is loosely a remake of the Hindi movie Agneepath (1990 film).
 Aporia crataegi the Black-veined White is a large butterfly of the family Pieridae.It is found in orchards and bushes throughout most of Europe North America temperate Asia Korea and Japan. It is normally found an altitudes of 500 to 2000 metres (1600 to 6600 ft).
 Huk (Persian: هوك‎ also Romanized as Hūk) is a village in Kahruyeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 133 in 28 families.
 Kołomia [kɔˈwɔmja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Nowe Ostrowy 18 km (11 mi) north-west of Kutno and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Rancid is a 2004 Swedish thriller film in English written by Jesper Ersgård and directed by Jack Ersgard.
 The long-tailed weasel (Mustela frenata) also known as the bridled weasel or big stoat is a species of mustelid distributed from southern Canada throughout all the United States and Mexico southward through all of Central America and into northern South America.
 Land Beyond the Map is a short science fiction novel written by Kenneth Bulmer. It originally appeared in the magazine Science Fantasy in 1961 under the title The Map Country. It was subsequently enlarged and published by Ace Books in 1965. It was published in an Ace Double which also contained another short novel Fugitive of the Stars by Edmond Hamilton on the opposite side.
 Paraye Bas Mein is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Mansuriyeh (Persian: منصوريه‎ also Romanized as Manşūrīyeh) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District in the Central District of Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 5 families.
 What is Soul is the seventh album and sixth studio album by Ben E. King and his fifth and last studio album on the Atco label. It was made up of mostly unsuccessful singles. The album was not issued in the US.
 Big Sandy Creek is a tributary of the Milk River approximately 50 miles (80 kilometers) long in northwestern Montana in the United States.It rises in the southern Rocky Boys Indian Reservation in the Bears Paw Mountains and flows southwest then north past Box Elder then northeast joined by Sage Creek and joins the Milk approximately 10 mi (16 km) west of Havre.
 Journal of Theoretical Politics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of political science. It is published by Sage Publications. It was established in 1989 and the editors-in-chief are Keith Dowding (Australian National University) and James R. Rogers (Texas A&M University).
 Ciuciuleni is a commune in Hînceşti district Moldova. It is composed of a single village Ciuciuleni.
 Wróblewo [vruˈblɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Radzanów 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Mława and 103 km (64 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 James Kenneth Jim Hahn (born July 3 1950) is an American lawyer and politician. Hahn was elected the 40th Mayor of Los Angeles in 2001. He served until 2005 at which time he was defeated in his bid for re-election. Prior to his term as mayor Hahn served in several other capacities for the city of Los Angeles including Deputy City Attorney (1975–1979) City Controller (1981–1985) and City Attorney (1985–2001).
 The Guilty (有罪 Yūzai) is a Japanese yaoi light novel series written by Katsura Izumi and illustrated by Hinako Takanaga. It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing which released all 4 books of the series through its yaoi imprint Juné between October 21 2008 and July 8 2009.
 Ghost Manor was a horror-suspense anthology comic book series published by Charlton Comics (in two volumes) from 1968 to 1984 (though it was primarily a reprint title from 1978 onward). Volume one was hosted by the Old Witch (not to be confused with the Old Witch who hosted the 1950s EC title Haunt of Fear) while volume two was hosted by Mr. Bones.Ghost Manor was part of a wave of new horror and suspense comics published by Charlton during this period.
 Bryn Mawr Classical Review (BMCR) is an open access journal founded in 1990. It publishes reviews of current scholarly work in the field of classical studies including classical archaeology. This journal is the second oldest online humanities scholarly journal. It provides both online and print subscriptions at no charge. The journal is funded entirely by the sale of Bryn Mawr Commentaries.
 The Day He Arrives (Hangul: 북촌 방향; hanja: 北村 方向; RR: Bukchon Banghyang; MR: Pukch'on Panghyang) is a 2011 South Korean drama film written and directed by Hong Sang-soo. The film is in black and white. It premiered on 19 May 2011 in the Un Certain Regard section of the 64th Cannes Film Festival. The film had 45223 admissions nationwide.
 Kanchana (Tamil: காஞ்சனா–முனி-2) is a 2011 Tamil comedy horror film directed written and produced by Raghava Lawrence as a prequel to his previous venture Muni (2007). The film features himself in the lead role with Sarathkumar in titular character and Lakshmi Rai in other roles. The film released on 22 July 2011 while a dubbed same-titled Telugu version was released a week earlier in Andhra Pradesh.
 Stigmella amuriella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is known from the Russian Far East.
 The Epureni River or Iepureni River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Slobodan Obradov (Serbian Cyrillic:Слободан Обрадов) (born November 26 1918 in Senta Serbia then Yugoslavia) is a Serbian physician. In the course of his professional career he has developed the hematology specialization in former Yugoslavia and aided in world class research on the subject of blood related cancers.
 Krapperup Castle (Swedish: Krapperups slott) is a castle in Höganäs Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 You Have to Run Fast is a 1961 thriller film.
 Barnimie [barˈnimjɛ] (German: Fürstenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Drawno 27 km (17 mi) east of Choszczno and 86 km (53 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 310.
 David Sturtevant Ruder (born May 25 1929) is the William W. Gurley Memorial Professor of Law Emeritus at Northwestern University School of Law where he has served on the faculty since 1961 and where he served as Dean from 1977 to 1985. He served as chairman of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission from 1987 to 1989 and later practiced with the Chicago-based law firm Baker & McKenzie.
 Sinployea planospira was a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae. This species was endemic to the Cook Islands; it is now extinct.
 The Serra Geral is a mountain range in southern Brazil constituting the southern portion of the Serra do Mar system which runs along Brazil's southeastern coast. The Serra Geral runs parallel to the Atlantic coast in Santa Catarina and northern Rio Grande do Sul states separating a narrow coastal plain from an interior plateau.
 Women's College Hospital is a teaching hospital in downtown Toronto Ontario Canada. It is located at the north end of Hospital Row a section of University Avenue where several major hospitals are located. It currently functions as an independent ambulatory care hospital. The physician-in-chief is Dr. Jim Ruderman.Women's College Hospital maintains a focus on women's health research in women's health and ambulatory care.
 This article describes the 44th album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 44 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 44 is the 44th edition of the Now! series in the United States and was released on November 6 2012.
 Swarm is a science fiction novelette by Bruce Sterling and his first magazine sale(his previous publications were either novels or anthology contributions) nominated for the Nebula Hugo and Locus Award. It was first published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in 1982 and later republished in the 1989 collection Crystal Express.
 Édouard H. Léger (April 23 1866 – August 8 1892) was a physician and political figure in New Brunswick Canada. He represented Kent in the Canadian House of Commons from 1890 to 1892 as a Conservative member.He was born in Grande-Digue New Brunswick the son of Hypolite Léger. He taught school for one year before continuing his education at St. Joseph's College in Memramcook. In 1888 he graduated with an M.D. from the Detroit Medical College. Later that year he married Élise Michaud.
 Ennarukil Nee Irunthal is a 1991 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Sundar.K.Vijayan starring Chi. Guru Dutt and Priyanka in lead roles.
 The Styx River is a 41.3-mile-long (66.5 km) river in the state of Alabama. It rises in Baldwin County near the town of Bay Minette in the southwestern part of the state and is a tributary to the Perdido River. It is named for the River Styx in Greek mythology.
 Mohammad Omar Daudzai (Pashto: محمد عمر داودزی‎ - born October 12 1957) is a Politician in Afghanistan who started work as the Chief of Staff of Afghan President Hamid Karzai from 2003 to 2005 and then from 2007 to around 2010. He is a former member of the Hezbi Islami and was from 2005 until 2007 Afghan Ambassador in Iran. He then served as Afghan Ambassador to Pakistan and is now serving as Afghan Minister of the Interior in Kabul.
 Asad Qeshlaqi-ye Yek (Persian: اسدقشلاقي 1‎ also Romanized as Asad Qeshlāqī-ye Yek) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District Aslan Duz District Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 46 families.
 Drużyny [druˈʐɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Brodnica and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 The Young Nun or La suora giovane is a 1965 Italian romantic drama film directed by Bruno Paolinelli.
 Sir John Budd Phear (9 February 1825 - 1905) was a judge and author who was the 13th Chief Justice of Ceylon. He was appointed on 18 October 1877 succeeding William Hackett and was Chief Justice until 1879. He was succeeded by Richard Cayley. When Phear retired Harry Dias Bandaranaike acted as Chief Justice for 12 days.Phear was the eldest of three sons of John Phear rector of Earl Stonham. One of his brothers Samuel George Phear became Master of Emmanuel College Cambridge.
 The William B. Dunlap Mansion is a historic house in Bridgewater Pennsylvania United States. Erected in 1840 on a bluff over the Beaver River in the northern part of the borough it has been ranked as the grandest and best-preserved 19th-century house in Bridgewater.The mansion was built for coffee entrepreneur James Arbuckle whose architect employed the Greek Revival style of architecture. Arbuckle lived in the house until 1865 when he sold it to Samuel R. Dunlap and his family.
 Blood is the fourth studio album by the American band In This Moment. The album was released by Century Media on August 14 2012. As has been the case with every In This Moment album the record has a different sound dropping many of the traditional metalcore elements in favor for electronic samples and further experimentation.
 Woman of the World / To Make a Man is a 1969 studio album by American country music singer-songwriter Loretta Lynn.This was Lynn's second album of 1969 released on Decca Records. The album was named after the two singles spawned from it. The lead single Woman of the World (Leave My World Alone) went to #1 in 1969 and became Lynn's third #1 of her career (she would have 16 #1s).
 Face Value is a 1918 silent film drama starring Mae Murray and directed by Robert Z. Leonard. It was released by Universal Film and produced by their second tier production unit Bluebird. This film survives in a copy at the George Eastman House.
 Gada Meilin is a 2002 film directed by Chinese director Feng Xiaoning. It deals with the story of Inner Mongolian hero Gada Meiren who led a failed rebellion at the beginning of the 1930s against dispossession of Mongol banner lands by Zhang Zuolin and Zhang Xueliang.
 The Independent Order of Odd Fellows Hall in Salt Lake City Utah also known as the I.O.O.F. Hall was built in 1891. It was designed by George F. Costersian in Richardsonian Romanesque style.The building served historically as a meeting hall presumably for the Odd Fellows and others. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Steinbach2Clarksville is a split EP released by the bands Colourbone and Emanuel Nice. It was released by the German label Roddog Records.
 Fengshen Yanyi also known as Fengshen Bang or translated as The Investiture of the Gods is a 16th-century Chinese novel and one of the major vernacular Chinese works in the shenmo genre written during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644). Consisting of 100 chapters it was first published in book form around the 1550s.The story is set in the era of the declining Shang Dynasty (1600 BC–1046 BC) and the rise of the Zhou Dynasty (1046 BC–256 BC).
 Dame Pauline Green DBE (born 8 December 1948) is a former Labour and Co-operative Member of the European Parliament and former Leader of the Parliamentary Group of the Party of European Socialists (PES). As leader of the PES she had a central role in the controversy surrounding the failure to discharge the European Commission (EC)'s 1996 budget bringing the first motion of censure against the Commission but voting against it.
 Imagine is an educational periodical for 7th-12th graders and published by the Center for Talented Youth (CTY) at Johns Hopkins University. It is intended to provide intellectual stimulus for students looking toward their college years. Each issue focuses on an academic theme such as engineering social sciences archaeology or robotics that a younger student might not be exposed to in the course of primary or secondary education.
 All I Want is a 2005 DVD that contains the documentary A Portrait of Rufus Wainwright along with live performances music videos interviews and more. The documentary features background information about Rufus' childhood teen years and family and how each of his first four albums were influenced.
 Sokółki [sɔˈkuu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kazimierz Biskupi 6 km (4 mi) north of Konin and 91 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Harder They Come is the soundtrack album to the iconic film of the same name released in 1972 in the United Kingdom as Island Records ILPS 9202. It was issued in February 1973 in North America as Mango Records SMAS-7400. It peaked at #140 on the Billboard 200.
 The House at 64 Main Street in Southbridge Massachusetts is a vernacular Queen Anne Victorian house built around the turn of 20th century. It was built for George Wells president of the American Optical Company as a property to rent to factory workers. Its styling includes a wraparound porch and diamond-pattern shingles in the gable end as well as patternwork in the slate roof.
 Teymurabad (Persian: تيموراباد‎ also Romanized as Teymūrābād) is a village in Abravan Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 345 in 75 families.
 The Harry S Truman Historic District in Independence Missouri is closely associated with US President Harry S. Truman and contains the residence where he lived for most of his time in Missouri as well as the Truman Presidential Library. Wallace House (also called the Truman Home) 219 North Delaware Street Independence Missouri would be the home of Harry S. Truman on-and-off after his marriage to Bess Wallace on June 28 1919 until his death on December 26 1972.
 Chicago X is the eighth studio album and tenth album overall by the American band Chicago and was released on June 14 1976. The album is notable for its soulfulness and it ended up being a turning point in the band's career thanks to one song.After recording Chicago VIII in a state of exhaustion Chicago didn't return to the studio until the spring of 1976 feeling refreshed after a substantial break away.
 Tritonia wellsi the sea whip slug is a species of nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae. The type locality is Beaufort North Carolina.
 Lasiochernes cretonatus is a pseudoscorpion discovered in the late 1990s in the Souré cave in Crete.
 Deh-e Miran (Persian: ده ميران‎ also Romanized as Deh-e Mīrān; also known as Mīrān) is a village in Qorqori Rural District Qorqori District Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 165 in 33 families.
 Imperial Ambitions: Conversations with Noam Chomsky on the Post-9/11 World is a 2005 Metropolitan Books American Empire Project publication of interviews with American linguist and political activist Noam Chomsky conducted and edited by award-winning journalist David Barsamian of Alternative Radio.In the interviews Chomsky offers his opinions on such topics as the occupation of Iraq the doctrine of pre-emptive attack and the threat to international peace posed by the U.S.
 Sar Kahaki (Persian: سركهكي‎ also Romanized as Sar Kahakī; also known as Kūhakī and Sar Kūhakī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 522 in 109 families.
 Friar Tut is an album by Americana and Bluegrass dobro player Tut Taylor released in 1972. Taylor is joined by Norman Blake Sam Bush and David Taylor. Taylor's son David was 16 years old at the time of this recording.Friar Tut was reissued on CD in 1998.
 Club 60 is a 2013 Bollywood film produced by Kavee Kumar under the Pulse Media banner and directed by Sanjay Tripathy. The film features Farooq Sheikh Sarika Raghubir Yadav and Satish Shah in key roles. The film was Farooq Sheikh’s last release before his untimely demise on 27 December 2013.
 Gaea is an impact crater on Amalthea one of the small moons of Jupiter. The crater is 80 km wide and at least 15 km deep. Gaea is one of two named craters on Amalthea the other being Pan. It is named after the Greek goddess Gaia.Gaea is also a neighbour to two mountains Mons Lyctas and Mons Ida.
 Bahar-e Sofla (Persian: بهارسفلي‎ also Romanized as Bahār-e Soflá; also known as Bahār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Sangar Rural District in the Central District of Faruj County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 38 families.
 Slavkovský štít is a mountain peak in the High Tatras mountains in Slovakia. Its summit is 2452 metres above sea level. It can be reached by foot on a walking trail in about four and a half hours from Starý Smokovec.
 Andrew Turnbull Baron Turnbull KCB CVO (born 21 January 1945) was the head of Her Majesty's Civil Service and Cabinet Secretary between 2002 and 2005 when he was succeeded by Sir Gus O'Donnell. He was educated at Enfield Grammar School and Christ's College Cambridge. He serves on the Dulwich College Board of Governors and has been its Chairman since 2009.
 Patel Dahyabhai Vallabhbhai (born 10 March 1945) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Daman and Diu constituency and is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.
 Conan of Aquilonia is a collection of four linked fantasy short stories written by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The stories were originally published in Fantastic for August 1972 July 1973 July 1974 and February 1975.
 Château de Clérans is a château in Dordogne Aquitaine France.
 Patherheri (also known as Pathrari) is a village in Gurgaon district in the Indian state of Haryana. It is said that Patherheri was formed in the campaign of British Government. This village is situated 4 kilometres from Bilaspur from the NH-8 on Bilaspur-Tauru Road.
 Krzewa [ˈkʂɛva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec within Starachowice County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Mirzec 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Starachowice and 47 km (29 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 90.
 The Salisbury Mall was a one-level 600000-square-foot (56000 m2) regional mall located on Civic and Glen Avenues in Salisbury Maryland. The Salisbury Mall was the first enclosed climate-controlled shopping mall on the Delmarva Peninsula. In the October 16 1968 edition of the Daily Times in Salisbury it was reported that the overall cost of the mall had exceeded $7 million and the parking lot could accommodate 3300 vehicles.
 Virbia ferruginosa the Rusty Holomelina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1854. It is found from Nova Scotia to British Columbia in Canada. In the United States it is found from the north-east and upper Midwest south to Virginia Mississippi Missouri and Louisiana.The length of the forewings is about 13.4 mm for males and 15 mm for females. The male forewings are cinnamon brown with a faint olive brown discal spot.
 The Exchange Building is a 19-story skyscraper which was formerly known as the Cotton Exchange Building and the Merchants Exchange Building and is the twelfth tallest building in Memphis Tennessee. It should not be confused with the Memphis Cotton Exchange which is located on Front Street and Union Avenue. The Exchange Building is located at the corner of Second Street and Madison Avenue in downtown Memphis Tennessee.
 The Asse (Assa in Occitan) is a 75.4 km (46.9 mi) long river in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence département southeastern France. Its source is several small streams which converge at Tartonne 12 km (7.5 mi) east of Digne-les-Bains. It flows generally southwest.
 Trump Tower Manila is a residential building located in Makati Philippines. The Trump Tower Manila showroom was scheduled to open in early 2012 although the company has said that unit reservations started in September 2011.
 First Presbyterian Church Manse is a historic church parsonage at 415 N. Maple Street in North Little Rock Arkansas.It was built in 1927 and added to the National Register in 1993.
 Tang Bi-a (Chinese: 唐碧娥; pinyin: Táng Bì'é; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tông Phek-ngô͘) is a Taiwanese legislator. She speaks Japanese fluently. Tang is a supporter of the Taiwanese localization movement.
 Store Godthåb is a former late 18th century country house in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen Denmark. It is located on Godthåbsvej named after the property at No 79. It is situated on Godthåbsvej which is named after it.
 Common names: odd-scaled snakes.Achalinus is a genus of harmless colubrid colubrid snakes found in Japan Taiwan China and northern Vietnam. Nine species are currently recognized.
 Gustavo Balcázar Monzón (born 10 August 1927) is a Colombian lawyer and retired politician. A member of the Colombian Liberal Party he served as Member of both the Senate and the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia presiding over both chambers of Congress.
 Cochran Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Gong Global Family – Live in Brazil 2007 is a live album and DVD by Gong in their Global Family format recorded on 20 November 2007 at the SESI theatre in São Paulo but not released until 2009 by Voiceprint catalogue number VP520CD. No producer was credited but mixing and mastering were carried out by guitarist Fabio Golfetti and video editing and DVD were by Flavio Tsutsumi.Pictures and videos can be seen here:
 The Kofa Mountains is the central mountain range comprising the Kofa National Wildlife Refuge about 60 miles northeast of Yuma Arizona in the southwestern part of the state. The equally extensive Castle Dome Mountains comprise the southern refuge border; the western end of the Tank Mountains are in the southeast of the wildlife refuge and the New Water Wilderness in the New Water Mountains ends the extension of the Kofa National Wildlife Refuge to the north.
 Tunupa is a dormant volcano in the Potosí Department of Bolivia. It stands on the northern side of the Salar de Uyuni at an elevation of 5321 m (17457 ft) above sea level.
 David Ivor Young Baron Young of Graffham PC DL (born 27 February 1932) is a British Conservative politician and businessman.
 Col du Mont d'Orzeires (el. 1060 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
 Hexing a Hurricane is a 2006 documentary film about the effect of Hurricane Katrina on New Orleans. It has been billed as the First Katrina documentary released by a New Orleanian. The film is directed by Jeremy Campbell and distributed by the National Film Network. The film's score was orchestrated by New Orleans artist Eric Laws.The film begins back when life was normal in New Orleans- six weeks before Hurricane Katrina and the associated levee failures devastated the city.
 Warrior is the debut and only the full-length album by the rock group Scandal (billed on the album as Scandal featuring Patty Smyth). The album reached a high of #17 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 200 album charts on the strength of the lead single The Warrior.
 Bentonsport is a 35-acre (14 ha) historic district in Van Buren County Iowa in the area of Keosauqua Iowa that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.It dates from 1839.
 Suomen Kuvalehti (Finnish: the picture magazine or the Finnish picture magazine) is a weekly Finnish magazine published by Otava (publisher) (formally Yhtyneet Kuvalehdet) every Friday. The magazine has a circulation of 101000 and its editor is Tapani Ruokanen. Suomen Kuvalehti aims to write broad articles about current topics.The comic strip Blondie regularly appears in the magazine.
 The Costello Memoirs is a collection of writings by Australian politician and long-standing treasurer Peter Costello and co-authored by former politician and Costello's father-in-law Peter Coleman.
 The Sărata River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The Ablach is a right tributary of the Danube. It rises on the European Watershed which is only a hint in this area from the Mindersdorfer Aach in the municipality of Hohenfels in the Landkreis of Konstanz. It is about 36 kilometers long or when including the headwaters in the Hohenfels area 38 km.
 Lough Lene (Irish: Loch Léinn) is a lake situated in north County Westmeath Ireland between the villages of Castlepollard Collinstown and Fore.It possesses a rich and varied history. It also boasts the existence of prehistoric burial sites old ruins many ancient village-type communal circular dwellings locally called ringforts stiles and mass paths.
 Olin Wellborn (June 18 1843 – December 6 1921) was an American politician. He served in the United States House of Representatives from Texas.
 Joe Perry is the first solo album by Aerosmith guitarist Joe Perry released on May 3 2005 on Sony BMG. Joe Perry is his first solo album without The Joe Perry Project. The album peaked at #110 at the Billboard charts. Joe Perry was released as a regular CD and a DualDisc.
 Chengalayi is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala. The village is also known as Chengalayi.
 Mięsośnia [mjɛ̃ˈsɔɕɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Głowno 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 29 km (18 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Commencement Day is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 25th Our Gang short subject released.
 Backstage (aka Back Stage) is an entertainment-industry brand aimed at people working in film and the performing arts with a special focus on casting job opportunities and career advice.Backstage publishes a full-color glossy magazine in the U.S.
 Juratinden or Gjuratinden is a mountain on the border of the municipalities of Nesset and Rauma in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) east of Isfjorden and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Åndalsnes. The lake Eikesdalsvatnet lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) to the east of the mountain. The mountain Kyrkjetaket lies about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) to the northwest.The mountain is 1712 metres (5617 ft) tall.
 The Hon. Pauline Mills McGibbon CC OOnt (October 21 1910 Sarnia Ontario – December 14 2001 Toronto) served as the 22nd Lieutenant Governor of Ontario from 1974 to 1980.
 Robert Orton Work (born January 17 1953) is a United States national security professional who serves as the current United States Deputy Secretary of Defense. Prior to that Work was the United States Under Secretary of the Navy from May 19 2009 to March 22 2013.
 Lake Tisza (Hungarian: Tisza-tó) also known as Kisköre Reservoir (Hungarian: Kiskörei-víztározó) is the largest artificial lake in Hungary. It is located at the southeastern edge of Heves county next to counties Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén Hajdú-Bihar and Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok.As part of the ongoing Tisza River flood control project it was built in 1973. Its filling was finished in the 1990s resulting a 127 km² lake.
 Piaski [ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Konstancin-Jeziorna 12 km (7 mi) east of Piaseczno and 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 The Goodson Memorial School in Union County New Mexico near Seneca was built in 1936 by the Works Progress Administration. It has also been known as the Goodson School. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003; the listing included one contributing building three other contributing structures and one contributing site.It was deemed significant as one of few surviving WPA school buildings in northeast New Mexico.
 Ender's Shadow (1999) is a parallel science fiction novel by the American author Orson Scott Card taking place at the same time as the novel Ender's Game and depicting some of the same events from the point of view of Bean a supporting character in the original novel. It was originally to be titled Urchin but it was retitled Ender's Shadow prior to release. Ender's Shadow was shortlisted for a Locus Award in 2000.
 A Man and His Soul is a 1967 compilation of studio and live performances by Ray Charles. The LP version includes an album size booklet containing biographical information photos and details on his recordings.
 The Honorable Mr. Buggs is a 1927 American silent comedy film featuring Anna May Wong and Oliver Hardy. This film is held by a private owner.
 The Stepford Wives is a 2004 American science fiction film. It was directed by Frank Oz from a screenplay by Paul Rudnick and stars Nicole Kidman Matthew Broderick Bette Midler Christopher Walken Faith Hill and Glenn Close. The film is a remake of the 1975 film of the same name; both films are based on the Ira Levin novel The Stepford Wives.
 Children of the Streets (Swedish: Gatans barn) is a 1914 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.
 The Ion River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 Kein Mann zum Heiraten is a 1959 Austrian film directed by Hans Deppe.
 P&M Mall is the first mall of Patna the capital city of the eastern Indian state Bihar. It was opened in April 2011. Film director Prakash Jha is the owner of the mall.
 Ram Niwas Mirdha (24 August 1924 – 29 January 2010) was an Indian politician from Rajasthan. He served as member of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from 1953 to 1967 and as speaker of the assembly from 1957 to 1967. Mirdha was as a cabinet minister of the Government of India for several departments during the 1970s and 1980s and became of member of the Lok Sabha for Barmer Rajasthan from 1991 to 1996. He was a member of the executive board of UNESCO from 1993 to 1997.
 Ephraim King Wilson II (December 22 1821 – February 24 1891) the son of Ephraim King Wilson was a Congressional Representative and a Senator from Maryland. Wilson born in Snow Hill Maryland and attended Union Academy at Snow Hill and Washington Academy in Princess Anne Maryland. He graduated from Jefferson College in 1840 and taught school for six years. He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1848 and began a practice in Snow Hill.
 Phu Soi Dao (French: Phou Soai Dao) is a mountain in Southeast Asia. It is 2120 metres tall and rises at the southern end of the Luang Prabang Range on the international border between Laos and Thailand. Phu Soi Dao National Park is located on the Thai side of the range in Phitsanulok and Uttaradit Provinces.Pinus kesiya Betula alnoides Schima wallichii and Shorea siamensis are among the species of trees present in the forest.
 S. is a 2013 novel written by Doug Dorst and conceived by J.J. Abrams. The novel is unique in its format presented as a story within a story. It is composed of the fictional novel Ship of Theseus by a fictional author and hand-written notes filling the book's margins as a dialogue between two college students hoping to uncover the author's mysterious identity and the novel's secret plus loose supplementary materials tucked in between pages. S.
 Aksdalsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Tysvær in Rogaland county Norway.
 Azamora crameriana is a species of snout moth in the genus Azamora. It was described by Stoll in 1781 and is known from Surinam.
 The Quill /ˈkwɪl/ is a dormant stratovolcano located on the island of Sint Eustatius in the Caribbean Netherlands. The summit elevation is 601 metres (1972 ft) above sea-level.It is also the second highest mountain in the Netherlands.The name 'Quill' originates from the Dutch term kuil ([ˈkœyl]) meaning 'pit' or 'hole' which was used originally with reference to the volcanic crater. The Quill was designated as a national park by the government of the Netherlands Antilles in 1998.
 Korab is a mountain range in Albania and Republic of Macedonia.The highest peak is Mount Korab (2764 m).sr:Планина Кораб
 The Westin Bayshore is a hotel in Vancouver Canada. It overlooks Coal Harbour. The hotel has 510 rooms and is located in two buildings one of which was formerly a low-rise building built in 1961 and one is a newer tower.
 Science Center Nemo is a science center in Amsterdam Netherlands. It is located at the Oosterdok in Amsterdam-Centrum situated between the Oosterdokseiland and Kattenburg. The museum has its origins in 1923 and is housed in a building designed by Renzo Piano since 1997. It contains five floors of hands-on science exhibitions and is the largest science center in the Netherlands. It attracts annually over 500000 visitors which makes it the fifth most visited museum in the Netherlands.
 Culbertson-Harbison Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Greene Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The house was built between 1798 and 1800 and is a two-story five bay limestone dwelling in the Federal style. It has a two-story three bay stone addition built between 1820 and 1840. Attached to the addition is a frame kitchen addition and brick smokehouse.
 My Boyfriend's Back is the second album issued by American girl group The Angels in 1963. It was heavily weighted upon the success of the title track My Boyfriend's Back which was a number one hit; composed by the team of Bob Feldman Jerry Goldstein and Richard Gottehrer. Peggy Santiglia was by this time the lead singer of The Angels but included on the album is the group's first hit Till which was originally recorded in 1961 with the group's previous lead singer Linda Jansen.
 A Beautiful Life is a 2008 American film released by New Films International adapted from the play Jersey City by Wendy Hammond. The film received a rare 0% score on the review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes.
 The Chairman (Russian: Председатель) is a 1964 Soviet film directed by Aleksei Saltykov and starring Mikhail Ulyanov Nonna Mordyukova and Ivan Lapikov. This film was honored with a Second Prize at All-Union Film Festival in Kiev (1966).
 Zargar (Persian: زرگر‎) is a village in Gowg Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 926 in 197 families.
 Vanderbilt is a village in Otsego County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 562 at the 2010 census.
 Pinewood Depot is an historic railway station located at the junction of East Avenue and Clarke Street in the town of Pinewood at the southern entrance of the High Hills of Santee South Carolina. It is the only railroad station left in Sumter County but is not longer used by CSX the current owner of the railroad right-of-way. On June 10 1997 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Kaidupur is an Indian village situated in Patiala District Punjab. It lies on the Nabha-Bhadson road with Nabha being nine km away on one side and Bhadson on the other.
 Avery House in Griswold Connecticut also known as Hopeville Pond Park House was built around 1770. The house is a 20 feet (6.1 m) by 40 feet (12 m) the two story central-chimney Colonial that was originally sheathed in clapboard and topped with a gable roof. The central chimney is on a stone base and has a built-in root cellar. Alterations in the house changed the traditional five-room first floor plan by eliminating the keeping rooms and the removal of the kitchen fireplace.
 Where Soldiers Come From is a 2011 American documentary film directed by Heather Courtney. The film is an intimate look at the young men who fight our wars and the families and town they come from.
 The Laborec (Hungarian: Laborc) is a river in eastern Slovakia that flows through the districts of Medzilaborce Humenne and Michalovce in the Košice Region and the Prešov Region. The river drains the Laborec Highlands.
 Dharmapuram is a village near Srikakulam town in Ponduru Mandal Division in Andhra Pradesh India.
 Pascula ferruginosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Oberon Old and New or Oberon Past and Present is a book containing a new libretto written by Anthony Burgess in 1985 for Carl Maria von Weber's last opera Oberon (1826).
 Morning Musume Zen Single Coupling Collection (モーニング娘。 全シングル カップリングコレクション Mōningu Musume Zen Shinguru Kappuringu Korekushon) is the 5th greatest hits collection released by Morning Musume. It features every b-side the group has released thus far on their singles in a set of three discs. It was released on October 7 2009 in both limited (EPCE-5661～3) and regular (EPCE-5664～6) editions. The limited edition has different album art and includes a photobook.
 Una Noche is a Cuban-set drama-thriller film written and directed by Lucy Mulloy.
 Menteşbey Akseki is a village in the District of Akseki Antalya Province Turkey.
 The FBI Story is a 1959 American drama film starring James Stewart and produced and directed by Mervyn LeRoy. The screenplay by Richard L. Breen and John Twist is based on a book by Don Whitehead.
 The Quill is the first album by Swedish rock band The Quill.
 The original soundtrack to the film Trespass was released in 1992. It features performances from a variety of hip hop acts including Public Enemy Black Sheep and Sir Mix-a-Lot. The title track was performed by two actors from the film Ice Cube and Ice-T. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA in March 1994.
 Mistborn: The Hero of Ages is the third novel of Brandon Sanderson's Mistborn trilogy released on October 14 2008. It was preceded by Mistborn: The Final Empire and Mistborn: The Well of Ascension.
 In the Belly of the Bloodhound is a historical novel written by L.A. Meyer surrounding the adventures of a young girl named Jacky Faber alias Bloody Jack set in the early 19th century. It is the fourth installment in the Bloody Jack series and follows the heroine as she returns on land from her adventures on the seas in the previous novel Under the Jolly Roger.
 Lonelyhearts (also known as Miss Lonelyhearts) is a 1958 drama film directed by Vincent J. Donehue. It is based on the play by Howard Teichmann and the 1933 novel Miss Lonelyhearts by Nathanael West but without the Marxian references.The film stars Montgomery Clift Robert Ryan Myrna Loy Jackie Coogan Dolores Hart and Maureen Stapleton in her first film role. Stapleton was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress as well as for a Golden Globe.
 The Immortal Bard is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the May 1954 issue of Universe Science Fiction and has since been republished in several collections and anthologies including Earth Is Room Enough (1957) and The Best Science Fiction of Isaac Asimov (1986). (In Earth Is Room Enough (Panther Books Ltd. reprint 1973 edition) the title of the story is An Immortal Bard in the Contents list but The Immortal Bard on the destination page.
 Rudziczka [ruˈd͡ʑit͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suszec within Pszczyna County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Suszec 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Pszczyna and 28 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 2000.
 Two Ocean Pass is a mountain pass on North America's Continental Divide in the Teton Wilderness which is part of Wyoming's Bridger-Teton National Forest. The pass is notable for Parting of the Waters where one stream North Two Ocean Creek splits into two distributaries Pacific Creek and Atlantic Creek which ultimately flow into their respective oceans as described by the Hungarian engineer Andrew Kovacs.
 Frosty Returns is an animated Christmas television special starring Jonathan Winters as the narrator and John Goodman as the voice of Frosty the Snowman. The special was directed by Bill Melendez and Evert Brown and features music by Mark Mothersbaugh. It first aired in 1992 on CBS.
 Pizzo Rotondo (Orobie) is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Portrait of a Queen is a play about the life of Queen Victoria based on her letters. Dorothy Tutin played the role of Victoria on the West End and Broadway.
 The History of a Town is a fictional chronicle by Mikhail Saltykov-Shchedrin first published in 1870 and regarded as the major satirical Russian novel of the 19th century. Originally it came out subtitled: Based on true historical documents and published by M.E.Saltykov (Shchedrin) implying the latter to be a publisher not the author.
 Patricia G. Fiero is an American politician who represented the 5th Essex District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1984 to 1991.
 Cry Tough is a 1976 album from Nils Lofgren. The follow-up to his solo debut Cry Tough is another offering of Lofgren-penned pop/rock. Notable for the title track and the songs It's Not A Crime Mud In Your Eye and Can't Get Closer Cry Tough also includes Al Kooper on keyboards.
 The Eagles Hall in San Diego California is a Classical Revival building built in 1934. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Tończa-Janówki [ˈtɔɲt͡ʂa jaˈnufki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Ctenosaura bakeri also known as the Utila iguana Baker's spinytail iguana swamper or wishiwilly del suampo is a critically endangered species of spinytail iguana endemic to the island of Utila one of the Islas de la Bahía off the coast of Honduras.The Utila iguana is the only species of iguana and one of only two species of lizard to exclusively inhabit brackish mangrove swamps forced there due to competition from larger species.
 George Marsden Waterhouse (6 April 1824 – 6 August 1906) was a Premier of South Australia from 8 October 1861 until 3 July 1863 and the seventh Premier of New Zealand from 11 October 1872 to 3 March 1873.
 Przybyszewo [pʂɨbɨˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Regimin 12 km (7 mi) north of Ciechanów and 88 km (55 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Freddy Ehlers Zurita (born 30 November 1945) is an Ecuadorian politician. He has been Minister of Tourism since 10 May 2010. In 1996 and 1998 Ehlers stood candidate for the office of President of Ecuador. Between 1 February 2007 and 7 May 2010 Ehlers was the Secretary-General of the Andean Community of Nations
 The Pollino (Italian: Massiccio del Pollino) is a massif in the southern Apennines on the border between Calabria and Basilicata southern Italy. It became part of the Pollino National Park in 1992. The main peaks include Monte Pollino 2248 m (7375 ft) and the massif's high point Serra Dolcedorme 2267 m (7438 ft) which overlooks the plain of Sibari.
 Sławutowo [swavuˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Puck and 39 km (24 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 225.
 The Angled Gem or Acute-Lined Flower Moth (Schinia acutilinea) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the dry southern portions of Saskatchewan Alberta and British Columbia south across the plains and Great Basin to southern Arizona and California.The wingspan is 25–27 mm.
 Platysemaphora is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Vangjush Dako is the current mayor of the city of Durrës Albania. He was elected to the post following the February 2007 local elections. He is a member of the Socialist Party of Albania.Vangjush Dako was born in Durrës on 29 November 1966. He attended Tirana University's School of Engineering where he graduated in 1991.
 The Legend of Bagger Vance is a 2000 American film directed by Robert Redford and starring Will Smith Matt Damon and Charlize Theron. It is based on the 1995 book of the same title by Steven Pressfield and takes place in the U.S. state of Georgia in 1931. This was Jack Lemmon's final film before his death in 2001. On release the film was attacked by several African American commentators and reviewers for using the magical negro as a plot device.
 Strength in Numbers is the fifth album from New York-based Calla.
 In the book The Tragedy of Today's Gays gay activist Larry Kramer publishes a speech he delivered at New York City's Cooper Union Hall on November 21 2004. In the speech Kramer urges gay men and lesbians to take action unite as a community and embrace safer lifestyles. The speech led to a protest two days later against American General Peter Pace Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff who had previously called homosexuality immoral.The speech is preceded by a foreword by Naomi Wolf.
 Chah Haftad Tumani-ye Do (Persian: چاه هفتادتوماني 2‎ also Romanized as Chāh Haftād Tūmānī-ye Do; also known as Ḩājj ʿAbbās Shohāb Dāyīn (Persian: حاج عباس شهابداين); also known as Chāh Haftād Tūmānī) is a village in Golestan Rural District in the Central District of Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 42 in 10 families.
 The Green Child is the only completed novel by the English anarchist poet and critic Herbert Read. Written in 1934 and first published by Heinemann in 1935 the story is based on the 12th-century legend of two green children who mysteriously appeared in the English village of Woolpit speaking an apparently unknown language.
 Frans C. Erasmus (1896 - 1967) was a South African National Party politician and Minister of Defence from June 1948 to 1959 as well as Minister of justice from 1959 - August 1961.In 1927 he was appointed Deputy Attorney General of South West Africa. Afterwards he entered politics and was elected to Parliament in 1933.
 Drzewianowo [dʐɛvjaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza within Nakło nad Notecią County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 The Little Man from Archangel (original title Le Petit Homme d'Arkhangelsk) first published in English by Hamish Hamilton in 1957 is a novel by Georges Simenon.
 The Marked Men is the eponymous debut album by the Denton Texas punk rock band The Marked Men released May 20 2003 by Rip Off Records and Dirtnap Records.
 Praealticus oortii is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Pacific ocean.
 Hypercompe hambletoni is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Brazil.Larvae have been recorded feeding on Bidens Eriobotrya Gossypium Hibiscus Manihot and Ricinus species.
 Big Ain't Bad is a romantic comedy film directed by Ray Culpepper and written by Brian Poe (aka Drayton Jamison). It stars Sean Blakemore (2012 Daytime Emmy Nominee for his role on ABC-TV's General Hospital) Jade Jenise Dixon Reginald Ballard Tico Wells and Troy Medley. The film won the Audience Choice Award at the 2003 Hollywood Black Film Festival in Los Angeles California. It was the Kick Off Film to the Fox Theater's 75th Anniversary Summer Film Series in Atlanta in 2004.
 Big Game is a short story (1000 words) by the American science fiction writer Isaac Asimov. He wrote in November 1941 when he was 21 failed to sell it to any magazine and eventually lost the manuscript. When in 1972 Asimov compiled a collection of his earliest stories The Early Asimov he listed Big Game as the last of eleven stories which he had failed to publish anywhere and which he thought were lost forever. However a fan of his Matthew B.
 Elmer Gantry is a 1960 drama film about a con man and a female evangelist selling religion to small town America.
 Patience Lake is a lake in central Saskatchewan Canada east of Saskatoon. The lake is located in the rural municipality of Blucher No. 343.
 The Short-Wave Mystery is Volume 24 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Leslie McFarlane in 1945. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter. The original version of this book was rewritten in 1966 by David Grambs resulting in two different stories with the same title.
 Hezar Mashki (Persian: هزارمشكي‎ also Romanized as Hezār Mashkī; also known as Tall Bozān-e Hezār Mīshī) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Monte Sernio is a mountain in the Carnian Alps part of the Eastern Alps with an altitude of 2187 m. It is located together the nearby Creta Grauzaria in the mountain chain between the Val d'Incarojo and the Val Aupa in the province of Udine.
 Ortaköy is a village in the District of Aydın Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 550 people.
 The Lewis Cabot Estate is a historic estate in Brookline Massachusetts.
 The Sociological Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of sociology including anthropology criminology philosophy education gender medicine and organization.
 Head Music is the fourth album by English alternative rock band Suede released by Nude Records in May 1999. Produced and mixed by Steve Osborne Head Music features a more electronic sound which was a new approach for the band. The recording of Head Music was plagued with difficulties such as singer Brett Anderson's addiction to crack and keyboardist Neil Codling's struggle with chronic fatigue syndrome.
 TYTO Regional Art Gallery is a regional art gallery in Ingham Queensland within the Hinchinbrook Shire. It is located in the TYTO Wetlands (named after the local Eastern Grass Owl Tyto longimembris). It is a public gallery operated by Hinchinbrook Shire Council that hosts continuous local and traveling exhibitions. The gallery also has a shop that primarily sells art by North Queensland artists.
 Virtual Control is the third solo album by video game music composer Frank Klepacki released in 2005 and featuring ten songs.
 Jürgen Walter Franz Karl Warnke (20 March 1932 – 27 April 2013) was a German lawyer and politician who served in various capacities at the Bundestag and German cabinets.
 The Hedge Fund Journal is a monthly British magazine focusing on the European hedge fund industry.
 Lillybanks is a historic residence in eastern Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1926 it is a stone building with a slate roof. Prepared by John Scudder Adkins the design of the two-and-a-half-story house is heavily Tudor Revival — its location atop a hill and behind walls gives it the isolation common to Tudor Revival mansions.
 Hyposmocoma alliterata is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Oahu Molokai Maui and Hawaii. This species is thought to range from the lowlands to the highlands where it is most abundant.The larvae feed amongst lichens on trees trunks of Acacia koa Aleurites moluccana Boehmeria Manihot glaziovii Prosopis and Sophora. Its larvae are at times common on the trunks of living trees.
 Heart and Soul – The Very Best of T'Pau is a compilation album by the British group T'Pau. It was released in 1993 and reached number #35 on the UK charts for a total of two weeks.The album was the band's last appearance on the album chart to date.The compilation's title was based on the band's successful debut single Heart and Soul
 Robert Trevors is a Canadian politician who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick in the 2010 provincial election. He represents the electoral district of Miramichi Centre as a member of the Progressive Conservatives.
 St Andrew’s Church is the only congregation of the Church of Scotland in Portugal. It seeks to provide English-speaking Reformed Christian worship and pastoral care to a multinational community.An English-speaking congregation was established in Lisbon by the Free Church of Scotland in 1866; the present church building in Rua Arriaga in the historic Lapa district of Lisbon was constructed in 1899.
 Long Lake is 5625-acre (22.76 km2) lake in the U.S. state of Michigan. The lake is on the boundary between Alpena County to the south and Presque Isle County to the north near Lake Huron in Northern Michigan.The larger part of the lake is in Alpena Township Michigan with the southern shore approximately 7 miles (11 km) from downtown Alpena along US 23 which continues along the eastern side of the lake.
 Murphy Lake is a reservoir in Lee County Alabama United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 538 feet (164 m).
 For the Pashto singer from Pakistan see Ismail and Junaid.Mohammad Ismail Khan (Persian: محمد اسماعیل خان‎) (born 1946) is a politician in Afghanistan serving as Minister of Water and Energy since 2005. He was previously the Governor of Herat Province. He is widely known as a warlord because of his rise to power during the Soviet war in Afghanistan. He controlled a large sized mujahideen force mainly his fellow Tajiks from western Afghanistan.
 Qareh Tappeh Railway Station (Persian: ايستگاه راه اهن قره تپه‎ – Īstgāh-e Rāh Āhan-e Qareh Tappeh) is a village and railway station in Koreh Soni Rural District in the Central District of Salmas County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 26 families.
 Torkilstrup also Torkildstrup is a little village some 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southeast of Nørre Alslev on the Danish island of Falster. It is best known for Torkilstrup Church one of the island's oldest churches built before 1160.
 The angular roughshark Oxynotus centrina is a rough shark of the family Oxynotidae.
 Monte Croce di Muggio is a mountain of Lombardy in Italy with an elevation of 1799 m. It is located near Lake Como close to the city of Bellano.
 North East Mall (sometimes Northeast Mall) is an large enclosed upscale shopping mall located at 1101 Melbourne Rd (Texas Highways 121/183 and Loop 820 N.) in Hurst Texas a Fort Worth suburb. It is 10 miles (16 km) west of the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport and 10 minutes east of downtown Fort Worth centered in the rapidly growing Mid-Cities area. The department stores include Macy's Nordstrom Sears Dillard's and JCPenney.
 John Irving's third and perhaps darkest novel The 158-Pound Marriage examines the sexual revolution-era trend of Swinging (partner-swapping) via a glimpse into the lives of two couples in a small New England college town who enter casually into such an affair with disastrous consequences.
 Hypselodoris imperialis is a species of sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Hatchet for the Honeymoon (Italian: Il rosso segno della follia / The Red Mark of Madness); also known as Blood Brides and An Axe for the Honeymoon) is a 1970 Italian giallo film directed by Mario Bava and starring Stephen Forsyth Dagmar Lassander and Laura Betti.
 The Art Gallery of Western Australia is a public gallery that is part of the Perth Cultural Centre in Perth Western Australia. It is located near the Western Australian Museum and State Library of Western Australia. The current gallery opened in 1979.The State's art collection consists of over 15500 works of art and the Art Gallery is visited by approximately 400000 people annually.
 Horsham Museum is a museum at Horsham West Sussex in South East England. It was founded in August 1893 by volunteers of the Free Christian (now Unitarian) Church and became part of Horsham District Council in 1974. It is a fully accredited museum and serves both Horsham and its district with the support of the Friends of Horsham Museum and an active volunteer base.
 The Last Dickens is a novel by Matthew Pearl published by Random House. It is a work of historical and literary fiction. The novel is a Washington Post Critics' Pick.[citation needed] It contains some characters from The Dante Club.
 Prionus lecontei is a species of longhorn beetle in the genus Prionus. Its range extends from British Columbia to Baja California.
 Witoldowo [vitɔlˈdɔvɔ] (German: Wittelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Koronowo and 21 km (13 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz. Sir William Anthony Hobbs conquered this place.
 The Intercession of the Holy Mother of God Russian Orthodox Church of Kanaker (Armenian: Քանաքեռի Սուրբ Տիրամոր Ռուս Ուղղափառ Եկեղեցի Russian: Храм Покрова Пресвятой Богородицы в Канакер) is an active Russian Orthodox church in the old area of Kanaker Yerevan Armenia. It was built in the village of Kanaker -nowadays absorbed by Yerevan- 7 km north of old Yerevan in 1912.
 O Heraldo is a daily newspaper in the Indian state of Goa.
 Emergence is a solo album by Czech bassist Miroslav Vitous recorded in 1985 and released on the ECM label.
 Hiltia is the debut album by the German folk/black metal band Adorned Brood. It was released the March 1 1996 on Folter Records.
 Telmatobius timens is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Bolivia and Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and rivers.
 Cochylimorpha tiraculana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in France Italy and Switzerland.The wingspan is 14-18 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from July to August.
 Aindlinger Baggersee is a lake in Swabia Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 434 m its surface area is 9 ha. It is just west of the town Todtenweis.
 The Convent of São Pedro de Alcântara (Portuguese: Convento de São Pedro de Alcântara) is a Baroque convent and church complex in the civil parish of São Roque in the municipality of the same name in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.
 The Rooster Crows: A Book of American Rhymes and Jingles is a book by Maud and Miska Petersham. Released by Macmillan it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1946.
 Holy Trinity Church Brathay is located in Bog Lane in the village of Brathay Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. The building has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Jawai Bandh is a village also situated near to the dam and a railway station on Ajmer-Ahmedabad route. With the same name a dam built across the Jawai river a tributary of Luni river. It comes under Sumerpur Tehsil of Pali district in Rajasthan.
 Swojki [ˈsfɔi̯ki] (German Schwoiken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Ray Rapp is a Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's one hundred eighteenth House district including constituents in Haywood Madison and Yancey counties. He is currently a Minority Whip. A college administrator from Mars Hill North Carolina Rapp is currently (2009-2010 session) serving in his fourth term in the state House. Rapp is a former Mayor of the town of Mars Hill.
 Journey to the Center of the Mind is the second studio album released by The Amboy Dukes. It was released in April 1968 on Mainstream Records (stereo S/6112 mono 56112 (promo only)).A remastered CD reissue was released in 1992 by Mainstream Direct Ltd. with one bonus track (MDCD 911).
 Xylophanes xylobotes is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru.It is similar to Xylophanes ceratomioides but paler and all three dorsal abdominal lines are evenly narrow and continuous. The black apical line of the antenna is very short. The forewing upperside is also very similar in general pattern to Xylophanes ceratomioides but the ground colour is pale brown and the black pattern elements are less extensive.
 Weilbach (Main) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Seh Darreh (Persian: سه دره‎; also known as Seh Darreh’ī) is a village in Rabor Rural District in the Central District of Rabor County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 11 families.
 Austropyrgus eumekes is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the Hydrobiidae family. This species is endemic to western Victoria Australia. It is only known from several locations on Darlot Creek a tributary of the Fitzroy River.
 Fields of Grace is the third studio album by Contemporary Christian music Christian rock band Big Daddy Weave. This was their second release with a major label in Fervent Records. It was released on September 30 2003. This album charted on the following Billboard's charts on October 18 2003: No. 177 on Billboard 200 No. 8 on Christian Albums and No. 7 on Top Heatseekers.
 Street Faërie is the first full-length album recorded by Cree Summer. It was released in 1999 on the Work Group a now-defunct imprint of Sony Music. Summer who is Neo-Pagan and a political and human rights activist wove themes of racism romantic liaisons and spirituality into the lyrics of guitar-heavy pop and folk songs. Miss Moon is an ode to lovemaking while a woman is menstruating.
 Evolve (v3.0) is the debut album by the Florida-based nu metal/hard rock music group Endo. The album was released on March 20 2001 via DV8/Columbia Records (a division of Sony Music). The track Malice is present on the soundtrack for the film Dracula 2000.
 Freakin' Beautiful World (Finnish: Sairaan kaunis maailma) is a 1997 Finnish drama film written and directed by Jarmo Lampela. The film is about two teenage boys from Helsinki who owe money to a local drug dealer. In order to pay their debt they have to travel to Stockholm to collect drugs for the drug dealer.The film won Jussi Awards for Best Film Best Cinematography and Best Editing.
 Brushy Creek (San Gabriel River) is a river in Texas.
 The Moro Lorenzo Sports Center is a sports facility located in the Ateneo de Manila University campus in Quezon City Philippines
 Taylorsville Times is a weekly newspaper based in Taylorsville North Carolina covering Alexander County.
 Echeta excavata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Shikari in Galveston is an alternate history short story written by S. M. Stirling. It is a prequel to The Peshawar Lancers.
 Stranda Church (Norwegian: Stranda kyrkje) also known as Sløgstad Church is a parish church in Stranda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Stranda along the western shore of the Storfjorden. The church is part of the Stranda parish in the Austre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden octagonal church was built in 1838 to replace an older church on the site. There has been a church at this site for centuries.
 Unconquered is a 1989 television film directed and produced by Dick Lowry and co-produced by Dean Silvers.
 Walpole Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house in Walpole Maine.It was built in 1772 along with the Harrington Meeting House and meeting house at Broad Cove all within the town of Bristol Maine U.S.A. This meeting house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Marianówka [marjaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda within Parczew County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Dębowa Kłoda 14 km (9 mi) east of Parczew and 55 km (34 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Before…12:01…and After is a collection of science fiction fantasy mystery and horror stories by author Richard A. Lupoff. It was released in 1996 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 2100 copies of which 100 were signed by the author and the artist. Many of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Pagoda Fantasy and Science Fiction Heavy Metal Fantastic Whispers Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine Detective Story Magazine Hardboiled and Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine.
 Halcali Bacon (ハルカリベーコン) is the debut album released by Halcali. The album reached number five on the Oricon chart and stayed on the chart for a total of 21 weeks making it the first album by a female hip-hop artist to enter the top ten in Japanese history. Halcali's debut album featured many well-known Japanese hiphop producers as guests as well.
 Koi Mere Dil Mein Hai is a 2005 Indian Bollywood film directed by Deepak Ramsay. It stars Priyanshu Chatterjee and Dia Mirza in pivotal roles.
 Endgame is the twelfth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth. It was released on September 9 2009 through Roadrunner Records (the second of three Megadeth albums on that label) and was produced by Dave Mustaine and Andy Sneap.
 Wild Minds is a science fiction short story published in 1998 by Michael Swanwick. It was nominated for the 1999 Hugo Award for Best Short Story.
 Harisu is the self-titled fourth studio album by Harisu released in South Korea by YBM Seoul Records on January 24 2006. It was seen as her comeback album following a two-year absence from the Korean music scene and marked a change in her image with an emphasis on being cute rather than sexy. The album itself features pop music that ranges in style between R&B hip hop disco and slow ballads.
 The Talented Mr. Ripley is a 1999 American psychological thriller written for the screen and directed by Anthony Minghella. An adaptation of the 1955 Patricia Highsmith novel of the same name the film stars Matt Damon as Tom Ripley Jude Law as Dickie Greenleaf and Gwyneth Paltrow as Marge Sherwood.The novel was previously filmed as Plein Soleil in 1960.
 Kumanovo is a village in the municipality of Aksakovo in Varna Province Bulgaria.Kumanovo Peak on Oscar II Coast in Graham Land Antarctica is named after the village.
 Điểu Hữu Khương (born 1933) was a South Vietnamese Government Ranking Cabinet Member and Banking Chief Executive Officer in the South Vietnam government from the mid 50’s to the 1975.
 The French Powder Mystery is a novel that was written in 1930 by Ellery Queen. It is the second of the Ellery Queen mysteries.
 Monte Zucco is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Meraj Muhammad Khan (Urdu: معراج محمد خان‎; born 20 October 1938) is a notable communist intellectual and Leninist philosopher.
 James Alfred Nash CBE (27 July 1871 – 24 July 1952) known as Jimmy Nash was a Reform Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand and a Mayor of Palmerston North.
 Dil Bahadur Lama (21 March 1930 - 25 March 2014) popularly known as DB Lama was a leader of Nepali Congress (Democratic) and former Inspector General of Nepal Police. He was elected to the Pratinidhi Sabha in the 1999 election on behalf of the Nepali Congress. In 2001 he was included as an Assistant Minister of General Administration in Sher Bahadur Deuba's expanded cabinet. In that cabinet he served under Minister of General Administration Khem Raj Bhatt Mayalu.
 Hordubal is a Czech novel written by Karel Čapek. It was first published in 1933. It compares internal and external knowledge. It is considered part of a trilogy with Meteor and An Ordinary Life.
 Ab To Aaja Saajan Mere is a 1994 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Rakesh Nahata. It stars Arvind Joshi and Shalini Kapoor in pivotal roles.
 Eduardo Edu Barrios Manzano (born September 14 1955) is a Filipino actor television personality comedian and politician. He was previously the host of game shows The Weakest Link Pilipinas Game KNB? 1 vs. 100 and Asar Talo Lahat Panalo.
 Asia is a residential skyscraper on Brickell Key in the Brickell district of Downtown Miami Florida United States. The tower rises 483 feet (147 m) with 36 floors. Asia was topped out in mid-2007 and was completed structurally in January 2008. It is currently the 20th-tallest building in Miami. The tower is one of several new residential developments taking place in Miami and is a part of the city's recent Manhattanization wave.
 The Tugaloo River (originally Tugalo River) is a 45.9-mile-long (73.9 km) river bordering the U.S. states of Georgia and South Carolina. It is fed by the Tallulah River and the Chattooga River which each form an arm of Lake Tugalo on the edge of Georgia's Tallulah Gorge State Park. The Tugaloo then flows out of the lake via Tugaloo Dam passing into Lake Yonah and through Yonah Dam. The river then ends as an arm of Lake Hartwell as does South Carolina's Seneca River.
 Porthecla gemma is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Amazon Basin and the Guianas at altitudes between 100 and 1000 meters.The length of the forewings is 14.6 mm for males and 13.9 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round.
 House to House: A Soldier's Memoir is a 2007 memoir by Iraq War veteran and Silver Star recipient David Bellavia. The secondary author is John R. Bruning who also helped write the war memoir Outlaw Platoon (2012).
 Frédéric Liguori Béique PC (May 20 1845 – September 12 1933) was a Canadian lawyer and politician.Born in Saint-Mathias Quebec he was trained as a lawyer and was called to the Quebec Bar in 1868. From 1899 to 1905 he was the president of the Saint-Jean-Baptiste Society. In 1902 he was appointed to the Canadian Senate representing senatorial division of De Salaberry Quebec. A Liberal he served until his death in 1933.
 The Tenino Depot located in Tenino Washington was built by the Northern Pacific Railroad in 1914 along the mainline from Portland Oregon to Tacoma Washington. The depot is rectangular in shape and is made out of the local sandstone. (The sandstone quarry located east of the rail line was also listed in the National Register of Historic Places.) The architecture is a modernized Richardsonian style with simplified stone coursework and arched windows.
 The World of Fine Wine abbreviated WFW is a British quarterly publication for a wealthy audience of wine enthusiasts and collectors. Originally published by Quarto Magazines Ltd and now published by Progressive Media International the first issue was released in June 2004. It has been described as an up-market Decanter with longer more in-depth features more credible tastings and less advertising.
 Mansion House (also referred to as Ellarslie and McCall House) is an historic residence located in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The house was built as a summer residence for Henry McCall Sr. of Philadelphia in 1848 and is one of the earliest examples of Italianate architecture in the United States. Since 1978 the building has been home to the Trenton City Museum which features collections of decorative and fine arts.
 Rang Rezi (Persian: رنگ رزي‎ also Romanized as Rang Rezī) is a village in Sadat Rural District in the Central District of Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 28 in 4 families.
 Block Music is the second studio album from the Chicago native Shawnna. The first single was Gettin' Some which went gold in June 2006 and platinum in December 2006. The second single is Damn featuring Smoke of Field Mob. The album has an exclusive remix of Gettin' Some featuring Ludacris Lil Wayne Pharrell and Too Short.
 I nostri mariti is a 1966 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Filippo D'Amico Dino Risi and Luigi Zampa.
 The Horse Legends is the twentieth album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey. This is Murphey's tribute to the horse and contains a duet with Johnny Cash on Tennessee Stud cover versions of Dan Fogelberg's Run for the Roses and Gordon Lightfoot's The Pony Man and re-recordings of Murphey's Wildfire and The Running Blood. The Horse Legends was the last album Murphey recorded for Warner Bros. Records.
 Metropolis: Point Zero or The Audition is the first unofficial album by American recording artist Janelle Monáe released sometime in 2003. The album features thirteen songs and one instrumental song I Won't Let Go. Before signing with Bad Boy Records she self-distributed the album under the Wondaland Arts Society label out of a boarding house she was living in at the time. There are fewer than 500 physical copies in existence.
 Philipis is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Philipis agnicapitis Baehr 1995 Philipis alpina Baehr 2007 Philipis alticola Baehr 1995 Philipis alutacea Baehr 1995 Philipis atra Baehr 1995 Philipis bicolor Baehr 1995 Philipis castanea Baehr 1995 Philipis cooki Baehr 1995 Philipis distinguenda Baehr 1995 Philipis ellioti Baehr 1995 Philipis frerei Baehr 1995 Philipis geoffreyi Baehr 1995 Philipis heatherae Baehr 1995 Philipis inermis Baehr 1995 Philipis inexspectata Baehr 2002 Philipis laevigata Baehr 1995 Philipis laevis Baehr 1995 Philipis lawrencei Baehr 2007 Philipis lustrans Baehr 1995 Philipis minor Baehr 1995 Philipis perstriata Baehr 1995 Philipis picea Baehr 1995 Philipis picta Baehr 1995 Philipis planicola Baehr 1995 Philipis quadraticollis Baehr 1995 Philipis reticulata Baehr 1995 Philipis rufescens Baehr 1995 Philipis ruficollis Baehr 1995 Philipis sinuata Baehr 1995 Philipis spurgeoni Baehr 1995 Philipis striata Baehr 1995 Philipis striatoides Baehr 2002 Philipis subtropica Baehr 1995 Philipis sulcata Baehr 1995 Philipis thompsoni Baehr 1995 Philipis tribulationis Baehr 1995 Philipis trunci (Darlington 1963) Philipis unicolor Baehr 1995 Philipis unistriata Baehr 2002 Philipis vicina Baehr 1995 Philipis weiri Baehr 2007↑
 Southeast Chicago Observer was a bi-monthly newspaper published on Wednesdays by the Southeast Chicago Development Commission (SEDCOM) a community development organization operating in the Southeast Side of Chicago. The newspaper covered the Bush South Chicago East Side and Hegewisch neighborhoods.
 Sairostoma is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.
 Jacqueline Hong-Ngoc Nguyen (Vietnamese: Nguyễn Hồng Ngọc; born 1965) is a United States Circuit Judge for the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
 The Crown of the Russian Empire or Once Again the Elusive Avengers (Russian: Корона Российской Империи или Снова Неуловимые; translit. Korona Rossiyskoy Imperii ili Snova Neulovimye) is a 1971 Soviet action movie a second sequel of The Elusive Avengers directed by Edmond Keosayan and made on Mosfilm.
 Chris Eaton is a well known figure in the world of sports results manipulation who is sought after worldwide for his expert opinion and feedback on program's aimed at tackling corruption in sport. He has worked in sport integrity at FIFA and INTERPOL and is currently the Sports Integrity Director at the International Centre for Sport Security (ICSS).
 Away From The Sea is the debut studio album by French electro house artist Yuksek.
 The Citrus Peelminer (Marmara gulosa) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from California Arizona Texas Florida and Cuba.The larvae feed on Nerium oleander Citrullus vulgaris Prosopis Persea americana Gossypium hirsutum Citrus paradisi Salix lasiolepis and Vitis vinifera. Damage caused by citrus peelminer is apparent on the peel of the fruit and is cosmetic in nature. However only two to three mines per fruit renders fresh-market fruit commercially unacceptable.
 Agrioglypta itysalis is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Asia including India and Borneo.The wingspan is about 30 mm. The forewings are brown with white patches and the hindwings are white with a broad brown margin. It looks similar to Glyphodes bivitralis.
 Kändliku is a village in Käru Parish Rapla County in western-central Estonia.
 The Lime Kilns are an historic site (lime kilns) in Lincoln Rhode Island near Limerock Rhode Island off Louisquisset Pike Sherman and Dexter Rock Roads.The Kilns were largely constructed in 1750 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Tower at Cityplace is a 42-story building located at 2711 North Haskell Avenue at North Central Expressway (US 75) in the Cityplace district of Uptown Dallas Texas (USA). The building is 560 feet (171 m) tall and has 1400000 square feet (130000 m2) of office space. It's also the tallest building outside of Downtown Dallas.
 The leaf-nosed lizard or Tennent's leaf-nosed lizard (Ceratophora tennentii) is a species of [[lizard]s] in the Agamidae family endemic to Sri Lanka.
 La devoradora (The Devourer) is a 1946 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Holy Trinity Church Holdgate is located in the village of Holdgate Shropshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ludlow the archdeaconry of Ludlow and the diocese of Hereford. Its benefice is united with those of St Peter Diddlebury Broadstone Church St Michael Munslow and St Catherine Tugford. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It stands in the former southwest bailey of Holdgate Castle.
 Ice Age is a 2002 American computer-animated comedy-drama adventure film produced by Blue Sky Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Carlos Saldanha and Chris Wedge from a story by Michael J. Wilson.
 The Telegraph is an American daily newspaper published in Alton Illinois serving the St. Louis Metro-East region. It is owned by Civitas Media a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.It was founded in 1836 as the Alton Telegraph by Lawson A. Parks. It is published seven days a week. Until the 1970s the Telegraph was known as the Alton Daily Telegraph and then the Alton Evening TelegraphIn 1969 the Alton Telegraph was sued for defamation by a local builder James C. Green.
 Second Ward Negro Elementary School also known as the Second Ward Annex is a historic school building located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It was built in 1938-1939 and is a one-story plus basement T-shaped brick building in the Art Deco style. It sits on a sandstone foundation. Funds for the building's construction were provided by the Works Progress Administration.
 Pyaar Karke Dekho is a 1987 Indian film.
 Mark Dale Lowery (born 1957) is a college professor and former lobbyist from Maumelle Arkansas who is a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from District 39 in Pulaski County near the capital city of Little Rock.
 Marquess Kuroda Nagahiro (黒田 長溥 March 1 1811 – March 7 1887) was a Japanese daimyo of the late Edo period who ruled the Fukuoka Domain.
 King of the Rocket Men is a 1949 12-chapter Republic movie serial notable for introducing the Rocket Man who would later appear with different character identities in the rocket-powered hero serials that followed: Radar Men from the Moon (1949) Zombies of the Stratosphere (1952) and Commando Cody: Sky Marshal of the Universe (1953) (later syndicated on television in 1955 as a 25 episode series with the same title).
 Oxydisia hyperythrella is a species of snout moths in the genus Oxydisia. It was described by Hampson in 1901 and is known from Australia.
 The Encore Remix is a remix album by Deion Sanders. The album was released in 2005 for Bungalo Records. It featured a remix for every song from Sander's first album Prime Time. The album featured the hit Straight To My Feet a duet with MC Hammer (which was not on the Prime Time album but on the 1994 Street Fighter soundtrack) and 2 versions of Sanders' song Must Be the Money.
 The Kaiser Convention Center is a historic publicly owned multi-purpose arena in Oakland California. The facility includes a 5492-seat arena a large theater and a large ballroom. The building is #27 on the list of Oakland Historic Landmarks.
 Pharaoh Overlord #1 is the debut album by Finnish experimental rock band Pharaoh Overlord. It was released on CD in 2000 by Ektro Records. It features three members of krautrock-influenced rock band Circle indulging their love for stoner rock. All the tracks are instrumental and follow a basic model of hugely distorted repetitive riffs.
 15 August (French: 15 Août) is a 2001 French film directed and written by Patrick Alessandrin.
 Johnny W. Shaw (born January 5 1942 in Laconia Tennessee) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Tennessee House of Representatives representing District 80 since January 2001.
 Chinna Thambi Periya Thambi (Tamil: Chinna Thambi Periya Thambi)(English: Younger Brother Elder Brother) is a 1987 Tamil Romantic Comedy film directed by Manivannan. The film casts Sathyaraj and Prabhu Ganesan in lead role along with Nadia. The film was a box-office blockbuster and completed a 100 day run at all centres.
 Kuchary [kuˈxarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Wiślica 16 km (10 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Mark of the Frog is a 1928 American drama film serial directed by Arch Heath. The film is now considered to be lost.
 The Great Train Robbery is a bestselling 1975 historical novel written by Michael Crichton. Originally published in the USA by Alfred A. Knopf (then a division of Random House) it is currently published by Avon an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers. It is the story of the Great Gold Robbery of 1855 a massive gold heist which takes place on a train traveling through Victorian-era England on May 22 1855. Most of the book takes place in London.
 The Goon is a comic book series written and drawn by Eric Powell (with colors often by Dave Stewart or Eric/Robin Powell). The series mixes both a comical and violent atmosphere with a supernatural slant with the average story concerning various undead creatures/zombies ghosts ghouls mutants skunk-apes with an unnatural hunger for pies giant squids mob/gang leaders extra-dimensional aliens mad scientists robots and more.
 George Henry Murray (June 7 1861 – January 6 1929) was a Nova Scotia politician who served as the province's eighth Premier for twenty-seven years the longest unbroken tenure for a head of government in Canadian history. He was born in Grand Narrows Nova Scotia.Despite his later political longevity Murray's early political career was marked by inability to get elected. He lost five consecutive elections at the federal and provincial level before finally winning a seat.
 Men's Health (MH) published by Rodale Inc. in Emmaus Pennsylvania United States is the world's largest men's magazine brand with 40 editions in 47 countries. It is also the best-selling men's magazine on U.S. newsstands. Although originally started as a men's health magazine it currently covers various men's lifestyle topics such as fitness nutrition fashion and sexuality. The magazine's website MensHealth.com averages 38 million page views a month.
 Oecomys speciosus also known as the savannah oecomys arboreal rice rat or Venezuelan arboreal rice rat is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae. It ranges over northeastern Colombia and much of Venezuela including the island of Trinidad. This rodent lives in tropical rainforest and tropical dry forest including secondary forest and gallery forest as well as in savanna habitat.
 The Southern California Review of Law and Social Justice is an honors journal of legal scholarship that examines issues at the intersection of social justice and the law published by an independent student group at the USC Gould School of Law.
 Religious Studies Review (RSR) is the journal of the Council of Societies for the Study of Religion (CSSR) which is based at Rice University. The journal is published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell. RSR reviews over 1000 titles annually in review essays and critical notes.
 The Poplar River is a 58.4-mile-long (94.0 km) tributary of the Lost River of western Minnesota in the United States. Via the Lost River the Clearwater River the Red Lake River the Red River of the North Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River it is part of the Hudson Bay watershed.
 St. Vincent Archabbey Gristmill also known as The Gristmill is a historic grist mill located in Unity Township Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1854 and is a four-story frame structure measuring 45 feet by 40 feet. A 45 feet by 45 feet addition was built in 1883. The mill operated by steam and remains in use.
 The Berry State Aid Bridge spans the Niobrara River in Cherry County Nebraska near Valentine Nebraska. It is a historic Pratt through truss bridge that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Also known as the Niobrara River Bridge and identified as NEHBS No. CE00-225 it was built during 1920-21.
 Svartnuten is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Chicka Chicka 1 2 3 is a New York Times best-selling children's book written by Bill Martin Jr. and Michael Sampson.
 Marshmallows is the debut mini-LP of The For Carnation released on March 12 1996 through Matador Records.
 Nemphe is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Snout (Hypena proboscidalis) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 25–38 mm. The moth flies in two generations from May to September.The larvae feed on hop nettle and ground-elder.
 A Rich Man's Plaything was a 1917 American silent drama film produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation. The film starred Valeska Suratt in her final film role. A Rich Man's Plaything is now considered lost. It is one of many silent films that were destroyed in a fire at Fox's film storage facility in Little Ferry New Jersey in July 1937.
 The Queen is the second studio album by Swedish singer Velvet. Her official website and her label Bonnier confirmed that The Queen would be released on March 18 2009. The album features fourteen tracks including the singles Fix Me Chemistry Déjà Vu Take My Body Close and The Queen. Also included is a cover of Ultravox's 1984 single Dancing with Tears in My Eyes.
 Biomedical Chromatography is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1986 by John Wiley & Sons. It covers research on the applications of chromatography and allied techniques in the biological and medical sciences. The editor-in-chief is Michael Bartlett (University of Georgia).
 Clypeomorus persicus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 The Hope Star is a daily newspaper serving Hope Arkansas United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media.
 Tak Mar (Persian: تكمار‎ also Romanized as Tak Mār) is a village in Sheshtaraz Rural District Sheshtaraz District Khalilabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 635 in 167 families.
 Vartan Gregorian (Armenian: Վարդան Գրիգորեան; Persian: وارتان گرگوریان‎ born April 8 1934) is an Iranian-born Armenian-American academic serving as the president of Carnegie Corporation of New York.He came to the United States in 1956 as a freshman attending Stanford University where he completed his B.A. with honors in two years.
 Fort Saginaw Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in Buena Vista Township just outside the city of Saginaw Michigan United States. Opened in 1966 the mall served as Saginaw's only enclosed mall until Fashion Square Mall opened on the other end of town in 1972. Fort Saginaw Mall had become a dead mall by the 1980s as many of its stores had closed.
 Odostomia ziziphina is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Comparatist is an American literary journal published annually since 1977 by the Southern Comparative Literature Association that publishes articles on the topic of comparative literature. Its current editor-in-chief is Dorothy M.
 The St. Dumitru Church (Romanian: Biserica Sf. Dumitru) is a church in Orhei Moldova.
 Spare Change is a crime novel by Robert B. Parker the sixth and final novel in his Sunny Randall series published before his death.
 Goran Svilanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Горан Свилановић; born 22 October 1963) is Secretary General of the Regional Cooperation Council (RCC) as of 1 January 2013 following the appointment by the South-East European Cooperation Process (SEECP) Foreign Ministers in Belgrade Serbia on 14 June 2012.
 Stella Garza-Hicks (born 1953) is a former Republican legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado. A former cosmetologist and salesperson Garza-Hicks became active in Republican Party activism in Colorado Springs Colorado and rose to become a district chairperson and campaign manager for local candidates. A legislative aide to Rep. Mark Cloer Garza-Hicks was appointed to Cloer's seat in the Colorado House of Representatives when he resigned unexpectedly in 2006.
 Down Drury Lane to Memory Lane was the fourth hit album and first UK number one for German orchestra 101 Strings. The album was the twentieth record to make number one in the UK and the first double number one album. It spent five weeks at the top.The album consists of orchestral cover versions of both older and contemporary hits.
 John Copcutt Mansion also known as Saint Casimir's Rectory is a historic home located at Yonkers Westchester County New York. It was built in 1854 and is cruciform in plan two and one half stories high in an elaborate Italianate style. It is five bays wide divided into three sections by a central projecting three story tower. It was acquired by St. Casimir Roman Catholic Parish in Yonkers in 1900 and used as a convent and after 1955 a rectory.
 Taqakenarsheh (Persian: طاقاكنارشه‎ also Romanized as Ţāqākenārsheh) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 36 in 9 families.
 Khatun Kandi (Persian: خاتون كندي‎ also Romanized as Khātūn Kandī; also known as Khāt Kandi and Khatkendi) is a village in Qoltuq Rural District in the Central District of Zanjan County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 821 in 202 families.
 One Financial Place is a 515ft (157m) tall skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. It was completed in 1985 and has 39 floors. Skidmore Owings & Merrill designed the building which is tied with 401 East Ontario as the 78th tallest building in Chicago.One Financial Place houses the Chicago Stock Exchange. The highly-acclaimed restaurant Everest and a boutique hotel are located on the top floor.
 Alfredo Ouano is a former Mayor of Mandaue City and father of politician Thadeo Ouano who was also mayor of Mandaue. In 2009 he sat on One Cebu's Council of Elders.
 Asaad Abu Gilel al-Taie is the former SCIRI governor of Najaf province in Iraq. He has Finnish citizenship because he and his family have lived there as refugees since the 1990s.
 Lewis Smith Lake is a reservoir in north Alabama. Located on the Sipsey Fork of the Black Warrior River the lake covers over 21000 acres (85 km2) in Cullman Walker and Winston counties. The three-fingered lake has over 500 miles (800 km) of shoreline and at full pool has a level of 510 feet (160 m).The lake was created by Alabama Power with the construction of the Lewis Smith Dam.
 Aseminun (Persian: اسمينون‎ also Romanized as Āsemīnūn) is a village in Nowdezh Rural District Aseminun District Manujan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 39 families.
 Project Censored the Movie: Ending The Reign of Junkfood News is a 2013 documentary film about the news media in the United States written and directed by Christopher Oscar and Doug Hecker. The film is based on the work by Project Censored a media organization at Sonoma State University that publishes under-reported news stories. It was released in April 2013 at the Sonoma International Film Festival.
 The Barreiro de Baixo River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Polish Officer (1995) is a novel by Alan Furst.
 Basanti is a Punjabi film by Altamash Butt.
 The Strange Idols Pattern and Other Short Stories is the third album by English alternative rock band Felt released in 1984.Tracks 2 4 and 7 are instrumental. Crucifix Heaven was omitted from recent reissues of the album. Whirlpool Vision of Shame is a re-recording of earlier single My Face is on Fire with new lyrics.
 Badla Jatti Da (Punjabi:ਬਦਲਾ ਜੱਟੀ ਦਾ) is a 1991 Punjabi action movie directed by Ravinder Ravi. This movie stars Gugu Gill and Yograj Singh in lead roles. The villain role played by Yograj Singh is considered one of his best. The movie was a blockbuster hit across Punjab.
 Pegasoferae is a proposed clade of mammals based on genomic research in molecular systematics by Nishihara Hasegawa and Okada (2006).To the surprise of the authors their data led them to propose a clade that includes bats (order Chiroptera) carnivores such as cats and dogs (order Carnivora) horses and other odd-toed ungulates (order Perissodactyla) and pangolins (order Pholidota) as springing from a single evolutionary origin within the mammals.
 The Grey Tortrix (Cnephasia stephensiana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone and has also been recorded from Canada.The wingspan is 18–23 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.Eggs are laid in July and August and hatch after about three weeks. The young caterpillars make a cocoon in which they overwinter. They start feeding in spring. In the beginning they mine. Later they live in folded leaves.
 Billboard Top Hits: 1988 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1994 featuring 10 hit recordings from 1988.Of all the albums in the Billboard Top Hits series the 1988 volume includes the most songs that reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart (nine). The remaining song — Shattered Dreams by Johnny Hates Jazz — peaked at No. 2 early in the year.
 Monte Mars at 2600 m is the highest peak of the Alpi Biellesi north-western Italy.
 Gajeva planina (Serbian Cyrillic: Гајева планина) is a mountain on the border of Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina between towns of Priboj and Rudo. Its highest peak Timor has an elevation of 1280 m (4199 ft) above sea level.
 Mitchell's Pass is a mountain pass in the Western Cape province of South Africa which approaches the town of Ceres from the south-west connecting it to Tulbagh Worcester and the Breede River Valley. The pass is traversed by the R46 road and the (now closed) Ceres branch line railway.
 Saadanius is a genus of fossil primate dating to the Oligocene that is closely related to the common ancestor of the Old World monkeys and apes collectively known as catarrhines. It is represented by a single species Saadanius hijazensis which is known only from a single partial skull tentatively dated between 29 and 28 mya (million years ago).
 El diablo no es tan diablo (The Devil is not so Devil) is a 1949 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Damaged Goods is a 1919 British silent drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Campbell Gullan Marjorie Day and J. Fisher White. It was based on the play Les Aviaries by Eugène Brieux. Because of the play's controversial tackling of the subject of venerial disease the film had issues with censor boards and attracted a degree of notoriety. The film was described by one reviewer as a masterpiece.
 Live from Aragon Ballroom is a live DVD concert of the band Widespread Panic filmed at the Aragon Ballroom in Chicago Illinois on October 31 2011.
 Deroplatyini is a tribe of the subfamily Deroplatyinae of the family Mantidae of Mantodea.
 Labussee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 57.5 m its surface area is 2.51 km².
 The Pinaleño Mountains or the Pinal Mountains are a remote mountain range in southeastern Arizona. They have over 7000 feet (2100 m) of vertical relief more than any other range in the state. The mountains are surrounded by the Sonoran-Chihuahuan Desert. Subalpine forests cover the higher elevations.
 The Marriage Ring is a 1918 silent drama film directed by Fred Niblo.
 The Sea and the Sky is a 2004 collaborative album by North Carolina-based singer-songwriter Jonathan Byrd and Georgia-based world music duo Dromedary (Andrew Reissiger & Rob McMaken).
 Francis Egerton 1st Earl of Ellesmere KG PC (1 January 1800 – 18 February 1857) known as Lord Francis Leveson-Gower until 1833 was a British politician writer traveller and patron of the arts. Ellesmere Island a major island (10th in size among global islands) in Nunavut the Canadian Arctic was named after him.
 Obiettivo ragazze is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring the comic duo Franco Franchi and Ciccio Ingrassia.
 The Curve-billed Thrasher (Toxostoma curvirostre) is a perching bird of the thrasher group native to the southwestern United States and much of Mexico.
 Sit Down and Shut Up: Punk Rock Commentaries on Buddha God Truth Sex Death & Dogen's Treasury of the Right Dharma Eye is a book written by Brad Warner an author and ordained Zen priest. The work serves as both an autobiography and an introduction to Dogen's (道元) work Shōbōgenzō (正法眼蔵) (Treasury of the Right Dharma Eye).
 Jelitowo [jɛliˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechanowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Dzhigurovo is a village in the municipality of Sandanski in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria.
 Charles Arthur Bruzon (10 June 1938 – 16 April 2013) was a Gibraltarian curate and politician affiliated with the Gibraltar Socialist Labour Party (GSLP). In the general elections of 2011 he was elected and appointed Minister for Housing and the Elderly.
 Sex and Gasoline is the thirteenth studio album of Rodney Crowell.
 Archives is a compilation album by Rush released in April 1978. The compilation was a complete repackaging of the band's first three albums (Rush Fly by Night and Caress of Steel).
 Henry Reginald Gamble (6 November 1859 – 9 August 1931) was an Anglican priest and author. He was the Dean of Exeter in the Church of England from 1918 to 1931.Gamble was educated at Oriel College Oxford and ordained in 1885. He held curacies at All Saints Molton Devon St Mark's Hamilton Terrace and St Andrew's Wells Street. From 1895 to 1902 he was Vicar of St Botolph's Aldersgate and then Rector of Holy Trinity Sloane Street with St Jude's Sloane Court.
 Escapade is a 1935 romantic comedy film starring William Powell and Luise Rainer.
 Xylophanes lissyi is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru.
 Robert Griffith Houston (October 13 1867 – January 29 1946) was an American lawyer publisher and politician from Georgetown in Sussex County Delaware. He was a member of the Republican Party who served four terms as U.S. Representative from Delaware. Houston is pronounced house-ton unlike the city in Texas with the same spelling.
 Woodside Methodist Episcopal Church also known as Woodside United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located on Main Street and North Murderkill Hundred in Woodside Kent County Delaware. It was built in 1889 and is a rectangular frame building in the Late Gothic Revival style. It measures 50 feet 4 inches deep by 30 feet 6 inches wide. It has a steeply pitched gable roof and features a bell tower capped with a steepled square belfry.
 Sarasinula plebeia commonly called the bean slug or the Caribbean leatherleaf slug is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae the leatherleaf slugs.As of November 2012 some websites and databases (including the ITIS entry) have a species listed as Sarasomia plebeia by the same author.
 The Kiso River (木曽川 Kiso-gawa) is a river in Japan roughly 193 km long flowing through the prefectures of Nagano Gifu Aichi and Mie before emptying into Ise Bay a short distance away from the city of Nagoya. It is the main river of the Kiso Three Rivers (along with Ibi and Nagara rivers) and forms a major part of the Nōbi Plain.
 Femeia visurilor was a 2005 Romanian film directed by Dan Pița.
 Out Louder is an album produced as a collaboration between Medeski Martin & Wood and John Scofield. It is the first album released under the name Medeski Scofield Martin & Wood since 1998's A Go Go was released under Scofield's name alone. A Go Go was John's record and we were essentially sidemen where Out Louder musically comes from all of us explains Wood.
 ¡Suicídate mi amor! (Kill Yourself My Love!) is a 1961 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Francis Granger House is a historic home located at Canandaigua in Ontario County New York. It is a two-story five-bay center hall frame structure in an extensively altered Federal style. It was built in 1817 and was the home of nationally primonent Whig politician Francis Granger until 1827.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Ghilcoș River is a tributary of the Hăghimaş River in Romania.
 The Tartar Steppe (Italian: Il deserto dei Tartari literally The Desert of the Tartars) is a novel by Italian author Dino Buzzati published in 1940.The novel tells the story of a young officer Giovanni Drogo and his life spent guarding the Bastiani Fortress an old unmaintained border fortress.
 Let Sleeping Cops Lie also known as Don't Wake a Sleeping Cop (French: ''Ne réveillez pas un flic qui dort'') is a French crime film released in 1988 directed by José Pinheiro starring Alain Delon and Michel Serrault. The screenplay is written by Alain Delon and José Pinheiro based on the novel „Clause de style“ by Frédéric H.
 Mome Ki Gudiya is a 1972 Hindi film produced and directed by Mohan Kumar. The film stars Tanuja Premnath Jeevan Helen Om PrakashNazir Hussain and Ratan Chopra. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal and the lyrics by Anand Bakshi
 Heterogynidae is a family of insects in the Lepidoptera order. There are only two currently recognized genera: Heterogynis and Janseola.
 Partridge Lake is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County Ontario Canada.The lake is about 0.8 kilometres (0.5 mi) long and 0.5 kilometres (0.3 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 288 metres (945 ft) about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) west southwest of the community of Cloyne on Ontario Highway 41 and just 1 kilometre (0.6 mi) southwest of the western tip of Skootamatta Lake.
 The Dennison High School is located at 220 North Third Street in Dennison Ohio. The property was listed on the National Register on 2006-02-01.
 Khan Höhii (Mongolian: Хан хөхий lit. khan the blueish) is a mountain of the Uvs Province in Mongolia. It has elevation of 2928 metres (9606 ft).
 The Cache River is a 92-mile-long (148 km) waterway in southernmost Illinois in a region sometimes called Little Egypt. The basin spans 737 square miles (1910 km2) and six counties: Alexander Johnson Massac Pope Pulaski and Union. Located at the convergence of four major physiographic regions the river is part of the largest complex of wetlands in Illinois.
 Quảng Phúc is a commune (xã) and village in Quảng Trạch District Quảng Bình Province in Vietnam.
 Palpatine is a fictional character and the main antagonist of the Star Wars franchise. He is portrayed in the live action films by Ian McDiarmid.In the original trilogy the character appears as the aged pale-faced and nearly decrepit Emperor Palpatine of the Galactic Empire. In the prequel trilogy his character is a rather elderly Chancellor Palpatine of the Galactic Republic who rises to power through deception and treachery.
 The String (French: Le Fil) is a 2009 French film directed by Mehdi Ben Attia. It stars Claudia Cardinale. Notably part of the film was shot in Tunisia Cardinale's country of birth.
 Toi le venin (aka: Blonde in a White Car; US title: Nude in a White Car; UK title: Night Is Not for Sleep) is a 1958 French crime drama film directed and written by Robert Hossein based on novel C'est toi le venin... by Frédéric Dard. The music score was by André Hossein. The films tells the story of a young man who have affairs with two sisters.
 The Flesh in the Furnace is a 1972 novel by Dean Koontz.
 The Battle of the Somme is a 1916 British documentary and propaganda film shot by two official cinematographers Geoffrey Malins and John McDowell. The film depicts the British Army in the preliminary and early days of the battle of the Somme (1 July – 18 November 1916). The film had its première in London on 10 August 1916 and was released generally on 21 August.
 Puruvesi is a lake in Eastern Finland. The lake is located in Kerimäki Kesälahti and Punkaharju municipalities. Part of the Saimaa lake system it borders on the sub-lake system of Pihlajavesi to the south.
 Pisau Cukur is a 2009 Malaysian comedy-drama film. It is directed Bernard Chauly. It stars popular Malaysian actresses Nur Fazura and Maya Karin and also Singaporean crossover star Aaron Aziz.
 Gol Soleymanabad (Persian: گل سليمان اباد‎ also Romanized as Gol Soleymānābād) is a village in Baruq Rural District Baruq District Miandoab County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2923 in 699 families.
 Fumarioideae is a subfamily of the family Papaveraceae (the poppy family). It was formerly treated as a separate family the Fumariacae (the fumitory fumewort or bleeding-heart family). It consists of about 575 species of herbaceous plants in 20 genera native to the Northern Hemisphere and South Africa.
 The Taj Tashi is a hotel in Thimphu Bhutan. Opened in 2008 the hotel is the first five-star hotel in Bhutan. The hotel is a joint venture of local company Tashi Group of Companies and Indian company Taj Leisure Hotels. The hotel also hosts a conference space.
 Frederic Walker Lincoln Jr. (February 27 1817 – September 12 1898) was an American manufacturer and politician serving as the sixteenth and eighteenth mayor of Boston Massachusetts from 1858–1860 and 1863–1867 respectively.He elected a 3rd Class (honorary) Companion of the Massachusetts Commandery of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States in recognition of his support of the Union during the American Civil War.
 Bone Sharps Cowboys and Thunder Lizards: A Tale of Edward Drinker Cope Othniel Charles Marsh and the Gilded Age of Paleontology (2005) is a graphic novel written by Jim Ottaviani and illustrated by the company Big Time Attic. The book tells a slightly fictionalized account of the Bone Wars a period of intense excavation speculation and rivalry which led to a greater understanding of dinosaurs in the western United States.
 No Point in Wasting Tears is the debut album by Ironik and was released on 29 September 2008. The album entered the UK Albums Chart at number 21 but fell to number 36 in its second week. It was removed from the UK iTunes Store but subsequently fully re-released on May 11 2009 following the success of the album's third single Tiny Dancer (Hold Me Closer) which reached number three on the UK Singles Chart.
 The Maker of Universes (1965) is a fantasy novel by American science fiction author Philip José Farmer. It is the first in his World of Tiers series.
 Un-Sentimental is the third album by Beowülf released in 1993. It is the only official Beowülf album to be released under the band name BWF. This album marked a change for the band drifting more to bluesy rock and abandoning from their classic hardcore thrash style.
 My Favorite Spy is a 1951 comedy film starring Bob Hope and Hedy Lamarr. The movie was directed by Norman Z. McLeod.
 Ashibusa sinensis is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in China.
 The Caldwell Odd Fellow Home for the Aged in Caldwell Idaho was built in 1920. It was designed and/or built by Tourtellotte & Hummel and C. E. Silbaugh with aspects of Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture and Second Renaissance Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was studied in a 1982 study of Tourtellotte and Hummel architecture.The home no longer belongs to the Odd Fellows.
 Fort Verde State Historic Park in the town of Camp Verde Arizona is a small park that attempts to preserve parts of the Apache Wars-era fort as it appeared in the 1880s. The park was established in 1970 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places a year later.Settlers in the mid-19th century near the Verde River grew corn and other crops with the prospect of getting good prices from nearby Prescott which was the territorial capital and from nearby miners.
 Eryldene is a historic house in the Sydney North Shore suburb of Gordon designed by the Australian architect William Hardy Wilson. The house and its garden which is noted for its camellias are listed on the Australian Register of the National Estate as well as the New South Wales heritage register.
 William Henry Draper (March 11 1801 – November 3 1877) was a lawyer judge and politician in Upper Canada later Canada West.
 To the Nines is the ninth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum. Written in 2003 it's the second book in a row that doesn't revolve around a criminal bond and the first to take Stephanie out of New Jersey and into the neon glitz of Las Vegas.To the Nines appeared on the USA Today list of 150 best-selling novels for 17 weeks peaking at number 2.
 Fremont Meeting House (also known as Poplin Meeting House) is a historic meeting house at 464 Main Street in Fremont New Hampshire.It was built in 1800 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Medebach (Orke) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Son of the Shark (French: Le Fils du Requin) is a 1993 French film directed by Agnès Merlet about two brothers Martin (Ludovic Vandendaele) and Simon (Eric Da Silva) and their adventures as juvenile delinquents in the north of France.Inspired by a well-known passage of Lautréamont's Les Chants de Maldoror Martin holds a belief in which he claims to be the son of a female shark.
 Wrocław Puppet Theater (also Teatr Lalek) is located at the Theater Square in the old building of merchants association next to the Old Town Garden and public baths.
 Mitchell's water monitor (Varanus mitchelli) is a species of monitor lizards native to Australia. It was named after Francis J. Mitchell of the South Australian Museum. It reaches a length of up to 70 cm. It is generally dark in colour and has many small yellow spots or dark-centered ocelli.Mitchell's water monitor is found in the north part of Western Australia and the Northern Territory. It is found around swamps lagoons inland rivers and other bodies of water.
 Park (Persian: پرك‎; also known as Fark) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District in the Central District of Behabad County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 33 families.
 The Shiva Option published by Baen Books is the sequel to David Weber and Steve White's military science fiction novel In Death Ground.
 Nathaniel Barratt Smithers (October 8 1818 – January 16 1896) was a was an American lawyer and politician from Dover in Kent County Delaware. He was a member of the Republican Party who served as U. S. Representative from Delaware.
 Sentimental Hygiene is the sixth studio album by rock singer/songwriter Warren Zevon released in 1987. The release of Sentimental Hygiene marked the first studio album for Zevon in five years. It produced the single Reconsider Me as well as the dance single Leave My Monkey Alone.Even a Dog Can Shake Hands was used as the opening theme music for the short-lived Fox comedy series Action. The song was also composed by Peter Buck Bill Berry and Mike Mills three band members of R.E.M.
 Yurdak-e Bala (Persian: يوردك بالا‎ also Romanized as Yūrdak-e Bālā; also known as Yardak-e Bālā Yardūk-e Bālā and Yordūk-e Bālā) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Leptostylus saxuosus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Tippman in 1960.
 Love Pain & the Whole Crazy Thing is the fifth studio album by Australian country singer Keith Urban. It is his fourth album release in the United States and his fifth for Capitol Nashville. The album was issued on 7 November 2006. It includes four singles: Once in a Lifetime Stupid Boy I Told You So and Everybody all of which were Top Ten hits on the Billboard country charts. The album has been certified 2× Platinum by the RIAA and platinum by the CRIA.
 Zembry [ˈzɛmbrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebieszów within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of Łuków and 90 km (56 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 The Foster S. Dennis House is a Queen Anne style house located in Kingman Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Pyroclastic Peak is the second highest of the five named volcanic peaks immediately south of Mount Cayley in British Columbia Canada. It is steep and rotten and is located 12 km (7 mi) southwest of Callaghan Lake and 24 km (15 mi) west of Whistler. It is part of the Pacific Ring of Fire that includes over 160 active volcanoes.On the south ridge of Pyroclastic Peak is a feature known as The Vulcan's Thumb which remains unclimbed because of the looseness of the rock.
 Alkali Abdulkadir Jajere (born 15 October 1964) is a Nigerian journalist turned politician who was elected to the Senate for the Yobe South constituency of Yobe State Nigeria in the April 2011 national elections. He was elected on the All Nigeria People's Party (ANPP) platform.
 The Myanmar Times (Burmese: မြန်မာတိုင်း(မ်); MLCTS: mran ma: tuing: [mjànmá táɪn]) is a weekly newspaper based in Bo Aung Kyaw Street Yangon Burma. It is published in both English and Burmese. The 40-page English version is published on a Monday while the 68-page Burmese version is published on a Thursday. The Myanmar Times was founded by Ross Dunkley an Australian and Sonny Swe (Myat Swe) from Burma in 2000 making it the only Burmese newspaper to have foreign investment.
 Vaadimme metallia (English: We Demand Metal) is the second album by Finnish heavy metal band Teräsbetoni.
 Greenwich District Hospital was an acute district general hospital situated in Greenwich London. It was built in the 1960s on the site of St. Alfege's Hospital Greenwich.In order to build a hospital with a large enough capacity for the requirements of the local population (up to 800 beds) on a small site (less than 8 acres) a single large building was designed.
 Nimb Hotel or simply the Nimb is a five-star boutique hotel in the Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen Denmark. The hotel is located in a historic building from 1909 built in a Moorish-inspired Historicist style. In 2009 Condé Nast Traveller ranked it as #40 on their list of the best hotels in the world.
 Baby Come Back is an album by British Invasion group The Equals. It was released in 1968 by their UK label President Records.
 T’oung Pao (traditional Chinese: 通報; simplified Chinese: 通报; pinyin: Tōngbào; Wade–Giles: T'ung-pao; literally public announcement communication) founded in 1890 is the first international journal of sinology. It was originally named T’oung Pao ou Archives pour servir à l’étude de l’histoire des langues la geographie et l’ethnographie de l’Asie Orientale (Chine Japon Corée Indo-Chine Asie Centrale et Malaisie). It is published by the Leiden publisher E. J. Brill.
 Naga Story: The Other Side of Silence is a 2003 documentary film by Indian film maker Gopal Menon. The film provides an introduction to the history of the Struggle by Naga people in North- East frontier of Indian subcontinent and documents the human rights abuses suffered by the Naga people in more than 50 years of the existence of Independent India. The Naga political struggle is one of the oldest nationality movements in South Asia continuing till present times.
 Aap Ki Kasam is a 1974 Hindi film produced by J. Om Prakash which also marks his directorial debut. The film stars Rajesh Khanna Mumtaz Sanjeev Kumar Rehman Asrani and A. K. Hangal. The music is by R.D. Burman who received the only Filmfare nomination for the film. The film was successful in the box office and it was also acclaimed by the critics.
 Beth Israel Congregation is a Conservative synagogue located at 385 Pottstown Pike (Route 100) in Upper Uwchlan Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was founded in Coatesville Pennsylvania in 1904 as Kesher Israel by Eastern European immigrants and formally chartered as Beth Israel in 1916. It constructed its first building in 1923 and expanded it after World War II.In 1979 Beth Israel became the first Conservative congregation to hire a woman (Linda Joy Holtzman) as a rabbi.
 Virginia Mason Medical Center founded in 1920 is a private non-profit organization located in Seattle Washington USA.
 The Black Waters of Echo's Pond is a 2009 fantasy horror film directed by Italo-American filmmaker Gabriel Bologna and stars Robert Patrick Danielle Harris and James Duval.
 Politiken (Danish for the politic Danish pronunciation: [poliˈtiɡən]) is a Danish daily broadsheet newspaper published by JP/Politikens Hus.The paper is one of Denmark's leading newspapers in terms of both circulated copies and number of readers. The number of copies are 97820 Monday through Saturday and 120411 on Sundays (first half of 2012).
 She worked in Clinical Research in the US before returning to Nigeria in 2003.Iyabo Obasanjo-Bello (born April 27 1967) was elected as a Nigerian Senator representing Ogun Central Senatorial District of Ogun State in April 2007. She ran for reelection April 2011 on the PDP platform but was defeated by Olugbenga Onaolapo Obadara of the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN)who gained 102389 votes to Obasanjo Bello's 56312.
 Chyasvareh Sheykh Ahmad (Persian: چياسوره شيخ احمد‎ also Romanized as Chyāsvareh Sheykh Āḥmad) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Kuhdasht County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 163 in 32 families.
 Yukarıkışlak is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 64 people.
 Loxophlebia pyrgion is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1884. It is found in Panama and French Guiana.
 The Son of the Red Corsair (original title: Il figlio del corsaro rosso) is an exotic adventure novel written by Italian author Emilio Salgari published in 1908. The novel was adapted for the silver screen in Italy in 1959.
 Phaegoptera sestia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1906. It is found in Peru.
 La Humanidad ('The Humanity') was a weekly anarcho-syndicalist newspaper published from La Paz Bolivia. La Humanidad was founded in 1928 as the organ of the Federación Obrera Local de La Paz (FOL 'Local Workers Federation of La Paz'). FOL had emerged out a split from the Marxist-oriented Federación Obrera del Trabajo. Directors of the newspaper included Guillermo Pelaez G. Maceda D. Osuna and Luis Salvatierra. The newspaper opposed involvement of the labour movement in electoral politics.
 Hans Eberhard Apel (25 February 1932 – 6 September 2011) was a German politician and a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). From 1972 to 1974 he was Parliamentary State Secretary to the Foreign Minister. From 1974 to 1978 he was the Minister of Finance and from 1978 to 1982 he was the Minister of Defence.
 The Day After is the fifth studio album by American rapper Twista released in October 2005 via Atlantic Records. There is a version chopped and screwed by Paul Wall. The album was certified gold with sales much lower than his most successful album Kamikaze and was received to generally positive reviews. This album is also the first album Twista where there is no production by longtime collaborator The Legendary Traxster.
 The Mall at Lexington Green is a hybrid enclosed shopping mall and outdoor lifestyle center in Lexington Kentucky It is located at the junction of New Circle Road Reynolds Road and Nicholasville Road on the south side of Lexington adjacent to the large regional Fayette Mall. The mall is currently anchored by Whole Foods Market Target and the first location of Joseph-Beth Booksellers
 The Herb River is an 8.0-mile-long (12.9 km) tidal river in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is located in Chatham County near the southeastern edge of Savannah. It connects with the Wilmington River to the north and the Moon River to the south and it separates the mainland on the west from Isle of Hope and Dutch Island to the east.
 Musang Berjanggut (The Bearded Fox) is 1959 Malaysian period romantic drama-comedy film directed by and starring P. Ramlee. The story is in the style of a traditional Malay folktale featuring supernatural elements and a story with an underlying moral. The plot follows the adventures of a prince named Tun Nila who sets out to find a woman who will marry him and what happens when he finds her at last.
 Playing Away at Home is a video feature released by Wet Wet Wet in 1997. It was recorded on September 7 1997 at Celtic Park in Glasgow.
 Pseudomiza argentilinea is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Taiwan China Burma and India.
 For All Tid (Forever in English) is the debut studio album by Norwegian black metal band Dimmu Borgir. It was remastered and re-released in 1997 with their new label Nuclear Blast with the front cover art in full color and the entire Inn i Evighetens Mørke EP added. It is the band's only studio album on which Shagrath is not the lead vocalist.The artwork displayed on the front cover of the album is inspired by Gustave Doré's illustration of Camelot from Idylls of the King.
 To Be or Not to Be is a 1942 American comedy directed by Ernst Lubitsch about a troupe of actors in Nazi-occupied Warsaw who use their abilities at disguise and acting to fool the occupying troops. It was adapted by Lubitsch (uncredited) and Edwin Justus Mayer from the story by Melchior Lengyel. The film stars Carole Lombard Jack Benny Robert Stack Felix Bressart Lionel Atwill Stanley Ridges and Sig Ruman.
 My Brother Jonathan is a 1948 British drama film directed by Harold French adapted from a novel by Francis Brett Young. It starred Michael Denison Dulcie Gray and James Robertson Justice.
 The Church of the Transfiguration is an Anglican church in the village of Pyecombe in the Mid Sussex district of West Sussex England. The mostly 12th- and 13th-century building in an isolated setting facing the South Downs has been designated a Grade I Listed building. It is the parish church of Pyecombe.
 Killing Zoe is a 1994 crime film written and directed by Roger Avary. It stars Eric Stoltz Jean-Hugues Anglade and Julie Delpy. The story details a safe cracker named Zed who returns to France to aid an old friend in performing a doomed bank heist. Killing Zoe is regarded as a respected cult favorite and has been labeled by Roger Ebert as Generation X's first bank caper movie.
 Craig-y-Nos Castle (English: Rock of the Night) is a Victorian-Gothic country house in Wales. Built on parkland beside the River Tawe in the upper Swansea Valley it is located on the southern edge of Fforest Fawr in Powys. The former estate of opera singer Adelina Patti part of the complex is now used as a boutique hotel catering conferencing and entertainment venue. The castle grounds are surrounded by a designated country park which is now part of the Brecon Beacons National Park.
 Be a Girl is the third album by Swedish alternative rock band The Wannadies. It was released in 1994 and reached number thirty-four on the Swedish Albums Chart. The entire album was produced by Nille Perned with the exception of the first single Love in June which was produced by Micke Herrström. The album was supported by the Swedish National Council for Cultural AffairsBe a Girl includes the singles Love in June You and Me Song Might Be Stars and How Does it Feel?.
 Step Lightly (Create Out Loud) is the debut album of Cubworld. This album was crowdfunded through Sellaband. The album was recorded at Bennet Studios New York New Jersey with backing vocals record at Studio Spitsbergen (in the Netherlands). The album was engineered by Travis Scott mixed by Joe West and mastered by Vlado Meller at Sony Music Studios. The album was recorded and released in 2007.
 Ab Asemani (Persian: اب اسماني‎ also Romanized as Āb Āsemānī) is a village in Jangal Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 167 in 37 families.
 Between the Assassinations is the second book published by Aravind Adiga though it was written before his first book The White Tiger. The title refers to the period between the assassinations of Indira Gandhi in 1984 and her son Rajiv Gandhi in 1991.
 The Jonathan Warner House also known as Warner-Brooks House is a very well documented Federal-style house in Chester Connecticut built in 1798 that was remarkably the same in appearance when listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.It has a Palladian window above its front door. The house was illustrated by J.
 The Perils of Gwendoline in the Land of the Yik-Yak original title Gwendoline is a 1984 French action/sexploitation film directed by Just Jaeckin written by Jaeckin and John Willie and starring Tawny Kitaen and Brent Huff. The film is loosely based on the bondage-themed comics of Willie and on the figure of Gwendoline.
 Montrose Museum opened in 1842 in Montrose Angus Scotland. The museum came into being when in 1841 the Montrose Natural History and Antiquarian Society started a fund to expand its space; in order to house its curiosities and wonders ranging from geological and ethnographical artefacts to a collection of Natural History objects and Fine Art. It was accredited by the Museums Libraries and Archives Council in June 2009.
 Nanatsuiro Drops (ななついろ★ドロップス Nanatsuiro★Doroppusu lit. Seven-Colored Drops) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by UNiSONSHIFT and released on April 21 2006 for Windows PCs. The game was later ported to the PlayStation 2 and Nintendo DS. A light novel written by Tamaki Ichikawa and illustrated by Noizi Ito was published by Enterbrain in June 2006. Two manga adaptations were published by MediaWorks and later ASCII Media Works.
 Peachia quinquecapitata also known as the twelve-tentacled parasitic anemone is a species of sea anemone in the family Haloclavidae. It is found in the Pacific Northwest. The larva is parasitic on certain species of Anthomedusae.
 Qaleh Juq (Persian: قلعه جوق‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Jūq; also known as Kaladzhukh Qal’eh and Qal‘eh Joq) is a village in Karasf Rural District in the Central District of Khodabandeh County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 506 in 115 families.
 Hasse Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 Dr Ashton Trevor Calvert AC (9 November 1945 – 16 November 2007) was a senior Australian public servant. He was Secretary of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade between April 1998 and January 2005.
 Bhalchandra Yadava (born 1 July 1958) is an Indian politician for the Khalilabad (Lok Sabha constituency) in Uttar Pradesh.
 Ashkestan (Persian: اشكستان‎ also Romanized as Ashkestān and Ashkastān) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Shedding the Past is the 2008 debut album by German techno musician Shed.
 Eti (Bengali: ইতি ) (2008) is a Bengali film Directed by Sambit Nag.
 The Edward N. and Mary T. Stebbins House is located in Barron Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance in 2006.
 World War III is the third album by rapper Mac. It was released on September 28 1999 through No Limit Records and was produced by wide range of producers including Mac himself Donald XL Robertson and Carlos Stephens. World War III was a significant drop on the Billboard charts from his last album Shell Shocked. HoweverWorld War III peaked at #19 on the Billboard 200 and #5 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Archimylacris is an extinct genus of cockroach-like blattopteran a group of insects ancestral to cockroaches mantids and termites.Archimylacris lived on the warm swampy forest floors of North America and Europe 300 million years ago in the Late Carboniferous times. Like modern cockroaches this insect had a large head shield with long curved antennae or feelers and folded wings.
 Familia rodante (English: Rolling Family) is a 2004 comedy drama film written and directed by Pablo Trapero and produced by various countries including Argentina. The film's executive producers were Hugo Castro Fau and Martina Gusman and it was produced by Pablo Trapero Robert Bevan and Donald Ranvaud.The picture is about a large Argentine family that takes a northern 1000 plus kilometer road trip in an old cramped motor-home to attend a wedding.
 Manulea nigrocollare is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Russia (Magadan: Upper Kolyma).
 The Times West Virginian is seven-day morning daily newspaper based in Fairmont West Virginia and also covering the city of Bridgeport West Virginia and surrounding communities in Marion Monongalia Taylor and Harrison counties West Virginia.Thomson Newspapers purchased the Times West Virginian in 1963; when Thomson left the newspaper business in 2000 the paper was sold to current owner Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
 Nowy Dęblin [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdɛmblin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Saranta Kolones(Greek: Κάστρο Σαράντα Κολώνες Forty Columns castle) is a ruined medieval fortress inside the Paphos Archaeological Park and it is located just north of the harbour of Paphos on the island of Cyprus. It takes its name from the large number of granite columns that were found on the site and probably once formed part of the ancient agora.
 The Beulah School on 2nd St. NW in Beulah North Dakota was built in 1920. It has also been known as Beulah High School and as Beulah Middle School. It includes elements of International Style and Prairie School architecture.It is a work of Frederick Walcott Keith and it is a work of Herman Leonhard.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1997.
 Fernando de las Fuentes Hernández (born August 7 1960 in Saltillo Coahuila) is a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) who currently serves as President of the Congress of Coahuila.
 The Ernest Green Story is a made-for-television movie which follows the true story of Ernest Green (Morris Chestnut) and eight other African-American high-school students (dubbed the Little Rock Nine) as they embark on their historic journey to integrate Little Rock Central High School in Little Rock Arkansas in 1957.The film was developed and executive produced by Carol Ann Abrams.
 The Unparalleled Adventure of One Hans Pfaall (1835) is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe published in the June 1835 issue of the monthly magazine Southern Literary Messenger and intended by Poe to be a hoax. Poe planned to continue the hoax in further installments but was upstaged by the famous Great Moon Hoax which started in the August 25 1835 issue of the New York Sun daily newspaper.
 Lac de Gérardmer is a lake at Gérardmer Vosges France. At an elevation of 660 m its surface area is 1.16 km².
 Maurice Washington was a Republican member of the Nevada Senate representing Washoe County District 2 (map).
 St Mary's Old Church St Mary's is a parish church in the Church of England located in Old Town on St Mary's Isles of Scilly Cornwall United Kingdom.
 Colostethus vanzolinius is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Scinax parkeri is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Bolivia possibly Brazil and possibly Paraguay.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland intermittent freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater marshes pastureland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Tadpole's Promise is a children's picture book written by Jeanne Willis and illustrated by Tony Ross published in 2003. It won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Silver Award and was longlisted for the Kate Greenaway Medal.
 That House We Lived In is a double live album by the United States experimental rock band Keep the Dog. It comprises material from their final European tour in 1991 and was released by Fred Frith on his own Fred Records in 2003.
 Mawilmada is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within the district of Kandy in the Central Province. This primitive village is known for their ethnic clothing often consisting of vibrant colors and exotic jewelry. Communication among tribals is deep and guttural often manifesting as a buh noise. They are a kind and gentle people.
 Blind Husbands is a 1919 drama film directed by Erich von Stroheim. The film is an adaptation of the story The Pinnacle by Stroheim.
 Miss Smilla's Feeling for Snow or Smilla's Sense of Snow (Danish: Frøken Smillas fornemmelse for sne) is a 1992 novel by Danish author Peter Høeg. It was translated into English by Tiina Nunnally (credited as F. David in the British edition).
 David James George Hennessy 3rd Baron Windlesham and Baron Hennessy CVO PC FBA (28 January 1932 – 21 December 2010) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom who held visiting professorships at various universities.
 Thomas Leonard (Tom) Wells (May 2 1930 – October 11 2000) was a politician in Ontario Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1963 to 1985 and was a cabinet minister in the governments of John Robarts and William Davis. Wells was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.
 Thapangaing is a village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 The Peru Tribune is a daily newspaper that began publishing on April 16 1921. The newspaper reports on local news community events and sports. The Paxton Media Group bought the Peru Tribune and its sister paper the Wabash Plain Dealer in 1998.The Peru Tribune has won multiple awards for writing advertising circulation editing photography and typography.
 Mortality is a 2012 posthumously published book by Christopher Hitchens comprising seven essays which first appeared in Vanity Fair concerning his struggle with oesophageal cancer with which he was diagnosed during his 2010 book tour and to which he succumbed in December 2011. An eighth chapter consisting of unfinished fragmentary jottings a foreword by Graydon Carter Hitchens' Vanity Fair editor and an afterword by Carol Blue Hitchens' widow are also included in the publication.
 Law with Two Phases (traditional Chinese: 公僕; simplified Chinese: 公仆; pinyin: Gong pu; Cantonese Yale: Gung buk) also known as Law with Two Faces is a 1984 Hong Kong film written and directed by the film's lead star Danny Lee in his second directorial outing.
 Darreh Morad (Persian: دره مراد‎ also Romanized as Darreh Morād and Darreh-ye Morād) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 143 in 31 families.
 Wittgenstein is a 1993 film by the English director Derek Jarman. It is loosely based on the life story as well as the philosophical thinking of the philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein. The adult Wittgenstein is played by Karl Johnson.The original screenplay was by the literary critic Terry Eagleton. Jarman heavily rewrote the script during pre-production and shooting radically altering the style and structure although retaining much of Eagleton's dialogue.
 The Tiger is the student newspaper at Clemson University in Clemson South Carolina. It was first produced on January 21 1907 and as of 2013 is publishing Volume 107. It is the oldest student newspaper in the state of South Carolina and publishes on a weekly basis during the fall and spring semesters with occasional summer editions. It is rumored to occasionally publish Buzzard editions on or about March 15 in homage to Buzzard Day[1] in Hinckley Ohio.
 Onzlee Ware (born January 4 1954) is an American politician. A Democrat he was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in November 2003. He currently represents the 11th District which is made up of part of the City of Roanoke. He also served as the Minority Caucus Sergeant at Arms.In November 2013 Ware announced his resignation from the House of Delegates citing family issues.
 The End (original Spanish title: El fin) is a short story by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges first published in La Nación in 1953. It was included in the 1956 edition of Ficciones part two (Artifices).
 Brain Eraser is the debut album of Bewitched released in 1990 through No.6 Records.
 Ab Gazag (Persian: اب گزگ‎ also Romanized as Āb Gazag) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran.In the 2006 census its population was 89 with 15 families.
 The Firm is an album by American pianist Dave Grusin released in 1993 recorded for the GRP label. This album is a soundtrack to the Motion Picture The Firm directed by Sidney Pollack. It reached #131 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz chart. This soundtrack was a 1993 Academy Award nominee for Best Original Score.
 Party Rock is the debut studio album by American electronic duo LMFAO released on July 7 2009 by Interscope Records. I'm in Miami Bitch was the first single released from the album on December 16 2008. The second single was La La La released on September 8 2009. The third single Shots was released on October 13 2009. Yes was released on December 15 2009 as the fourth single from the album.
 Seal the Deal is the second full-length album by the Chicago based hard rock band The Last Vegas released on April 10 2006.It was the band's second and last release on Get Hip Records before the split from the label. It was also the band's last release with bassist Anthony Rubino.The album's 7th track Raw Dog was featured as a bonus track for the rhythm video game Guitar Hero II.
 Kidz Bop 24 is the 24th album in the Kidz Bop series and was released on July 16 2013. It debuted at number 3 on the Billboard 200 chart with first-week sales of 62000. As of February 2014 it has since sold 306000 copies in the United States. The release marks Stefan's Charisma's Eva's Hanna's and Elijah's fifth and last album.
 Grandpaw Would is the first solo album by Australian indie pop artist Ben Lee released in 1995.
 Saint Luke African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at 900 New York Street in Lawrence Kansas United States. It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 Aphrica is a collaboration album by Klaus Schulze Rainer Bloss and Ernst Fuchs with the painter Fuchs providing vocals. Aphrica was both released and withdrawn in 1984. Although the reason why the album was taken off the market was mainly legal (the label Inteam had forgotten to make a contract with Fuchs ) Schulze had very little positive to say about the collaboration in retrospect: Besides it's an awful album just because of that silly singing or recitation.
 Sharon Historic District is a historic district on both sides of N. Main Street from Post Office Square to School Street in Sharon Massachusetts.The district was built in 1842 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Mynydd Mawr (Welsh for big mountain) is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales situated approximately 7 km (4.3 mi) west of Snowdon itself overlooking Llyn Cwellyn and being the northern outlier of the Moel Hebog group. A popular ascent starts from Rhyd Ddu. On its western flank are the remains of ancient settlements and field systems.
 The Victoria Standard is a small biweekly newspaper published in Baddeck Nova Scotia Canada. The newspaper covers news from Victoria County and stories of interest to the local population.
 Lachnopodus is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae containing the following species: Lachnopodus bidentatus (A. Milne-Edwards 1867) Lachnopodus gibsonhilli (Tweedie 1950) Lachnopodus ponapensis (Rathbun 1907) Lachnopodus rodgersi Stimpson 1858 Lachnopodus subacutus (Stimpson 1858) Lachnopodus tahitensis De Man 1889↑
 Rev. Fr. Moses Orshio Adasu (12 June 1945 - 20 November 2005) became governor of Benue State Nigeria on 2 January 1992 elected on the Social Democratic Party (SDP) platform. He left office after the military coup in November 1993 in which General Sani Abacha came to power.
 Mona Lisa & Others is an album released in 1981 by Australian Rock & Roll singer Barry Stanton.
 The Cedar Creek Grist Mill is a building located in Woodland Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The Friends of the Cedar Creek Grist Mill restored the mill and operate it as a museum.
 Midori no Makibaō (みどりのマキバオー lit. Green Meadow King) is a manga series written and illustrated by Tsunomaru and serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump. It was also adapted into an anime series.
 Allocnemis is a genus of damselfly in family Platycnemididae. It contains the following species: Allocnemis leucosticta Allocnemis mitwabae
 Phaedinus tricolor is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Dupont in 1834.
 The Swift River is a 26.7-mile-long (43.0 km) river in western Maine. It is a tributary of the Androscoggin River which flows to the Kennebec River near its mouth at the Atlantic Ocean.The Swift River rises in Franklin County at the outlet of Swift River Pond a small water body southeast of the Rangeley Lakes.
 ACM Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS) is a quarterly scientific journal that aims to disseminate the latest findings of note in the field of numeric symbolic algebraic and geometric computing applications. It has been published since March 1975 by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) a premier scientific and educational society on computer science and computational technology in the USA.
 St Michael's Church Hoveringham is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Hoveringham.
 Undead and Unwelcome is the eighth book in the Undead series by MaryJanice Davidson. It was released on June 2 2009.
 Hickory Point Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Forsyth Illinois. Opened in 1978 it features Bergner's J. C. Penney Kohl's Sears and Von Maur as its anchor stores. The mall is managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 10 families.
 Glenmere Lake is a colonial mill pond or reservoir located in Orange County New York USA. It is New York State's largest and virtually last habitat of the Northern Cricket Frog (Acris crepitans) listed as endangered by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation. The lake is threatened by both private and municipal development.The lake is part of the greater Orange County-owned Glenmere Preserve one of the largest wild areas in Orange County.
 Antics in the Forbidden Zone is a compilation album and accompanying video by the English new wave musician Adam Ant published in October 1990 by Epic Records. The collection spans the years 1979 to 1985 including Ant's time as frontman of Adam and the Ants with selections from Dirk Wears White Sox (1979) Kings of the Wild Frontier (1980) and Prince Charming (1981) as well as his first three solo albums Friend or Foe (1982) Strip (1983) and Vive Le Rock (1985).
 Lestes sponsa is a damselfly with a wide Palaearctic distribution. It is known commonly as the Emerald Damselfly or Common Spreadwing. Both males and females have a metallic green colour and when resting its wings are usually half opened.
 Apamea auranticolor is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found throughout western North America.The wingspan is about 36 mm.
 Vallabhnagar (वल्लभनगर) is a town and tehsil headquarters in Udaipur in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
 Kličići (Serbian: Кличићи) is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Art Gallery of South Australia (AGSA) located on the cultural boulevard of North Terrace in Adelaide is one of three significant visual arts museum in the Australian state of South Australia. It has a collection of over 35000 works of art making it after the National Gallery of Victoria the second largest state art collection in Australia. It was known as the National Gallery of South Australia until 1967 when the current name was adopted.
 Janki [ˈjanki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Somianka 18 km (11 mi) west of Wyszków and 39 km (24 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 100.
 Soomustüdruk is a novel by Estonian author Leida Kibuvits. It was first published in 1932.
 Ellingham Priory was a medieval monastic house in Ellingham Hampshire England. It was founded by William de Soleres in 1160. It was a cell to the Abbey of Saint-Sauveur-le-Vicomte in Normandy. The church of Ellingham formed part of the grant of William de Solers to Ellingham Priory.It was dissolved in 1414 and sold to Eton College in 1462.
 Underworld is the second studio album by the progressive/neo-classical metal band Adagio released in 2003. Also is the last to feature David Readman on vocals and Dirk Bruinenberg on drums.
 The Journal of Neurology Neurosurgery and Psychiatry is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the BMJ Group. It covers research and reviews in the fields of neurology neurosurgery and psychiatry. Its editor-in-chief is Matthew Kiernan. Every two months it includes a supplement of reviews and educational material titled Practical Neurology. The journal was established in 1920 by Samuel Alexander Kinnier Wilson as the Journal of Neurology and Psychopathology.
 The Haunted Castle is a 1979 anthology of 12 fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. It is one in a long series of such anthologies by Manning-Sanders. This is a companion volume to Old Witch Boneyleg.
 Curiosa la cara de tu padre is Spanish pop singer Melendi's fourth album produced by José de Castro. It was released September 16 2008 and its first single was Un violinista en tu tejado
 Trojanowice [trɔjanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów within Opoczno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Żarnów 16 km (10 mi) south-west of Opoczno and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Windmill Hill is an historic house on Windmill Hill Road in Dublin New Hampshire. The 1 1/2 story wood frame house was designed by Boston architect Thomas Byrd Epps and built in 1934 for Priscilla Prince Whitney. The Colonial Revival house was designed in the spirit of an old New England farmstead. It is in the shape of a wide and flattened U and is set on the side of Windmill Hill with views to the southeast.
 Nancy McFarlane (born July 20 1956) is the mayor of Raleigh North Carolina United States. She was elected to lead the city in the 2011 election and succeeded Charles Meeker who had declined to run for re-election to another term. McFarlane is a political independent (called Unaffiliated in North Carolina) but ran with the endorsement of the local Democratic Party.
 St. Louis' Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in North Star Ohio United States. Constructed in the early twentieth century it is one of the newest churches in a heavily Catholic region of far western Ohio but it has been recognized as a historic site because of its unique architecture.
 Lubiejki [luˈbjɛi̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Milejczyce 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Siemiatycze and 62 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 Peter James Dowling (born 12 August 1961) is an Australian politician. He has been a Liberal National Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland since 2009.Dowling was born in Leicester England. Before entering politics he was a labourer painter and decorator and sales representative. In 2000 he was elected to Redland City Council representing Division 4 which covers Victoria Point and Coochiemudlo Island; he was Deputy Mayor 2006–08.
 D'Arnaud's Barbet (Trachyphonus darnaudii) is an African barbet. Barbets and toucans are a group of near passerine birds with a worldwide tropical distribution. The barbets get their name from the bristles which fringe their heavy bills. Four geographical races (darnaudii böhmi emini and usambiro) have been recorded.D'Arnaud's Barbet is a small East African bird that feeds on insects fruits and seeds. It grows to about eight inches and is equally at home in trees or on the ground.
 Gol Tappeh (Persian: گل تپه‎) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 139 in 28 families.
 Štefan Füle (born 24 May 1962 in Sokolov) is a Czech diplomat who has served as the European Commissioner for Enlargement and European Neighbourhood Policy since February 2010.
 I Am the Media is a 2010 French documentary film by Benjamin Rassat.
 Luciobarbus graecus is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. It is here placed in Luciobarbus following the IUCN but that genus is very closely related to the other typical barbels and perhaps better considered a mere subgenus of Barbus. Found in and adjacent to Greece its closest living relative seems to be L.
 Goi Rode Goi! (Russian: Гой Роде Гой!) is the fifth full-length album by the Russian pagan metal band Arkona. It was released on October 28 2009 through Napalm Records. Goy Rode Goy! means Hail Rod Hail!.
 Biadaszki [bjaˈdaʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęka Opatowska within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Łęka Opatowska 9 km (6 mi) south-east of Kępno and 152 km (94 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 300.
 Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster Returns is a 2013 Bollywood romantic thriller drama film directed by Tigmanshu Dhulia. It is the sequel to the 2011 film Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster. The film stars Jimmy Shergill and Mahi Gill who reprised their roles from the previous film while new additions to the cast include Irrfan Khan and Soha Ali Khan. The film was released on 8 March 2013.Jimmy Shergill won Best Actor Award for this film at 11th Norway Bollywood Film Festival in Oslo.
 Mitchell Cary Alford (July 10 1855 – December 9 1914) was the 25th Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky.
 Mickey Brady (born 7 October 1950) MLA is a nationalist politician in Northern Ireland. He was elected in 2007 to the Northern Ireland Assembly as a Sinn Féin member for Newry & Armagh and re-elected in 2011.
 2econd Season is the second album by Atlanta-based rapper Unk. It was released on November 4 2008. The album features guest appearances by Sean Kingston Ray J Three 6 Mafia and more while production as handled mainly by Oomp Camp's own DJ Montay.
 Bowling is the second studio album of the Finnish jazz group U-Street All Stars.
 Disinformation is an experimental rock and New Wave album released by Tin Huey in 1999 through Future Fossil Records.
 The Larcis (Occitan: Arsís) is a river in Southwestern France. It is a right tributary of the Léez originating from the Vic-Bilh in the east of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques.It joins the Léez in Lannux in the French département of the Gers.
 Under the Dome is a science fiction novel by Stephen King published in November 2009. Set in and around a small Maine town it tells an intricate multi-character and point-of-view story of how the town's inhabitants contend with the calamity of being suddenly cut off from the outside world by an impassable invisible barrier; one that literally drops out of a clear blue sky.
 The eastern wolf (Canis lycaon) also known as the Great Lakes wolf eastern timber wolf Algonquin wolf or deer wolf is a canid native to the northeastern side of North America's Great Lakes region. It is a medium-sized species which like the red wolf is of a reddish-brown coloration and is intermediate in size between the coyote and gray wolf.
 The Combin de Corbassière is a mountain in the Pennine Alps located south of Fionnay in the canton of Valais. It is part of the Grand Combin massif and lies on the west side of the Corbassière Glacier.
 Griffin and Phoenix (sometimes subtitled A Love Story) is a 1976 American television romance film produced by ABC Circle Films starring Peter Falk and Jill Clayburgh as titular characters Geoffrey Griffin and Sarah Phoenix. Written by John Hill and directed by Daryl Duke it first premiered on the ABC television network on February 27 1976 and was also released to theaters in select countries under the title Today Is Forever from 1977 through 1980.
 Llyn Cowlyd is the deepest lake in north Wales. It lies in the Snowdonia National Park on the edge of the Carneddau range of mountains at a height of 1164 feet (355 m) above sea level. The lake is long and narrow measuring nearly 2 miles (3 km) long and about a third of a mile (500 m) wide and covers an area of 269 acres (1.1 km2).
 Toy Soldiers is a 1984 action film shot in Mexico that stars Jason Miller Cleavon Little Tim Robbins and Terri Garber. It was written and directed by David Andrew Fisher who wrote and directed Liar's Moon (1982) and produced Bat*21 (1988).This is the story of a group of Caltech students yachting off the coast of Central America who are held hostage by terrorists. Miller plays a retired U.S. Marine who trains the hostages' friends to become an impromptu special ops force—hence the title.
 The Tăbra River is a tributary of the Bădeni River in Romania.
 Naked Apes and Pond Life was the seventh full-length Shriekback album. This 2000 release was a surprise resurfacing for the band after almost a decade of quiet. It gathered many songs performed in intimate appearances in London over the preceding years recorded in the studio by Barry Andrews Martyn Barker Lu Edmonds (last seen on 1985's Oil & Gold) as well as Simon Edwards and Mark Raudva.
 Iglesia de San Juan el Real (Oviedo) is a church in Oviedo Asturias Spain. It was established in 1912. Francisco Franco was married in the church in 1923.
 Dark Deceiver is the fifth album by American Progressive metal band Zero Hour. It was released in 2008.
 Sharknado 2: The Second One is an upcoming disaster B movie and a sequel to the 2013 film Sharknado. Anthony C. Ferrante will be returning to direct and actors Tara Reid and Ian Ziering will reprise their roles from the first film. Also joining the cast are Vivica A. Fox Kelly Osbourne Benjy Bronk Judah Friedlander Andy Dick and former WWE superstar Kurt Angle. The film is scheduled for a release on July 31 2014.
 The Black-throated Wren-Babbler (Napothera atrigularis) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia and Malaysia where it is endemic to the island of Borneo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American thriller film that blends elements of the crime and horror genres. Directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster Anthony Hopkins and Scott Glenn the film is based on Thomas Harris' 1988 novel of the same name his second to feature Hannibal Lecter a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer.In the film Clarice Starling a young U.S. FBI trainee seeks the advice of the imprisoned Dr.
 The Sting II is a 1983 film sequel to The Sting. Directed by Jeremy Kagan and written by David S. Ward (also author of the original movie) it stars Jackie Gleason Mac Davis Teri Garr Karl Malden and Oliver Reed.
 Wee Willie Winkie is a 1937 American adventure film directed by John Ford. The screenplay by Julien Josephson and Ernest Pascal was based on a story by Rudyard Kipling. The film stars Shirley Temple Victor McLaglen and Cesar Romero in a story about the British presence in nineteenth century India. The production was filmed largely at the Iverson Movie Ranch in Chatsworth Calif. where a number of elaborate sets were built for the movie.William S. Darling and David S.
 Killed for Less is the second album from Sense Field. It was released in 1994 on Revelation Records.
 Antarctica (1997) is a novel written by Kim Stanley Robinson. It deals with a variety of characters living at or visiting an Antarctic research station. It incorporates many of Robinson's common themes including scientific process and the importance of environmental protection.
 Joseph Abruzzo (born August 14 1980) is a Democratic member of the Florida Senate representing the 25th District which includes most of Palm Beach County since 2012.
 Mohamed Mahsoub Abdel Meguid is an Egyptian politician and former minister of state for parliamentary affairs who served in the Qandil cabinet for a short time in 2012.
 Tamasha (Persian: تماشا‎ also Romanized as Tamāshā) is a village in Karasht Rural District in the Bumehen District of Pardis County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 19 families.
 Juncewo [junˈt͡sɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski within Żnin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Janowiec Wielkopolski 14 km (9 mi) west of Żnin and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 436.
 Białogorce [bjawɔˈɡɔrt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus.
 Sergey Semyonovich Sobyanin (Russian: Серге́й Семёнович Собя́нин; born 21 June 1958) is a Russian statesman and politician of Mansi descent. He has served as Mayor of Moscow from October 2010 to 5 July 2013 and was re-elected Mayor on September 2013 city election.Sobyanin previously served as the Governor of Tyumen Oblast (2001—2005) Deputy Prime Minister of Russia (2005-2008 in Mikhail Fradkov's Second Cabinet) and Head of the presidential administration (2008-2010).
 The Ingaí River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Nekrolog 43 is an album by the music group Diary of Dreams. The album was released on November 6 2007.
 Kluane Lake is located in the southwest area of the Yukon. At approximately 400 km2 (150 sq mi) and 70 km (43 mi) long it is the largest lake contained entirely within the territorial border.Kluane Lake is fed by the A'ay Chu which is composed of meltwater from the Kaskawulsh Glacier located within Kluane National Park.
 Bis is a magazine directed at teenaged schoolgirls published in Japan by Kobunsha. JJ Bis had changed its title to Bis effective from the January 2006 issue. JJ Bis former title of Bis has been established in 2001 as an extra issue of monthly JJ and JJ Bis is currently supported among Japanese high-teen girls. The ages of the readers of Bis are between 15 to 19 included senior high-school students.Bis proposes its readers dress conservatively as does JJ.
 Toffen Castle (German: Schloss Toffen) is a Baroque country estate in Toffen Canton of Bern Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
 Moorhouse Chantry Chapel is a Grade II* listed Church of England chapel in the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham in Laxton Nottinghamshire.
 Millones de Semillita is a 1950 Argentine film.
 Portrait in Death (2003) is a novel by J. D. Robb. It is the sixteenth novel in the In Death series.
 Tessa was a novel published by Margit Sandemo in 1997 though it was completed by 1970. She had originally planned to publish it as a serial in a Norwegian weekly magazine but the editors of magazine abandoned it. The novel went missing for the next 25 years until Sandemo found a copy in a cupboard in 1995.
 Til My Casket Drops is the fifth studio album by American rapper C-Bo released February 24 1998 on AWOL Records. The album was produced by C-Bo DJ Daryl Mike Mosley One Drop Scott and Rick Rock. It peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 41 on the Billboard 200. Along with a single a music video was produced for the song Money by the Ton featuring Mississippi.
 Crambidia uniformis the Uniform Lichen Moth is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Dyar in 1898. It is found from eastern North America including Alabama Florida Georgia Indiana Iowa Kentucky Maryland North Carolina Ohio Oklahoma South Carolina Tennessee and West Virginia.The wingspan is 12-18 mm.
 Raymond Rock (born October 1 1922) is a former Canadian politician and a businessman. He was elected Member of Parliament for the Liberal Party representing the riding of Jacques-Cartier—Lasalle in the 1962 federal election and later represented the riding of Lachine.
 The Baranca River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Souichi's Diary of Delights (双一の楽しい日記 Souichi no Tanoshi i Nikki) is the fifth entry to The Junji Ito Horror Collection a 16 volume anthology of horror stories by Junji Ito.
 The Bourne Supremacy is the second Jason Bourne novel written by Robert Ludlum first published in 1986. It is the sequel to Ludlum's bestseller The Bourne Identity (1980) and precedes Ludlum's final Bourne novel The Bourne Ultimatum (1990).The Bourne Supremacy was adapted into a film of the same name in 2004 starring Matt Damon although the film has a completely different plot from the novel.
 Chakravarthi Thirumagal (Tamil: சக்ரவர்த்தி திருமகள்) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran Anjali Devi and S. Varalakshmi in the lead roles. The film was released in the 1957.
 The Brown Building is a ten-story building that is part of the campus of New York University (NYU). It is located at 23-29 Washington Place between Greene Street and Washington Square East in Greenwich Village New York City.It was built in 1900–01 designed by John Woolley in the neo-Renaissance style. It was originally named the Asch Building after its owner Joseph J.
 Hope is a 2007 studio album by Swedish rockband Silent Border it was recorded during the winter/spring of 2007 but was not released until the summer. It is the first recording project ever undertaken by Silent Border and was completely self-financed.Although originally written as a Pink Floyd-style concept album the storyline was partially abandoned during rewrites but fragments of an overarching storyline can still be heard on the album.
 Damekko Dōbutsu (だめっこどうぶつ lit. Useless Animals) is a manga series by Noriko Kuwata serialized in Manga Life since the November 2001 issue. It was later adapted into a comedy anime series on Kids Station a Japanese broadcast satellite station. It features characters that wear kigurumi costumes. Each character in the anime does not live up to the standards of their species making them outcasts who must live in the Useless Forest.
 The Cargill Creek is a river of the Bahamas.
 Udusan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. It sits between the counties of Yangpyeong and Yeoju. Udusan has an elevation of 473 m (1552 ft).
 Christian Ude (born 26 October 1947 in Munich) is the current mayor of Munich. He is a member of the German Social Democratic Party.
 City Central is a Business Improvement District (BID) representing approximately 630 businesses in the retail and leisure heart of Liverpool city centre. The BID covers 49 acres and includes 61 streets: Bold Street Church Street Lord Street the Cavern Quarter Whitechapel Williamson Square Queen Square Ranelagh Street and all inter-connecting streets. Key shopping centres located within the City Central area include: Cavern Walks Clayton Square Metquarter and St.
 Tangamong Lake is a lake in the Lake Ontario drainage basin in the township of Wollaston Hastings County in eastern Ontario Canada at the easternmost end of the Kawartha Lakes chain.
 Richard Cunningham McCormick Jr. (May 23 1832 – June 2 1901) was an American politician businessman and journalist. He served as the second Governor of Arizona Territory three time Delegate to the U.S. House of Representatives from Arizona Territory and as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New York. McCormick's other accomplishments include service as a war correspondent during two different conflicts and creation of two Arizonan newspapers.
 Pachpara is a village of Bangladesh located in Bralekha Maulvi Bazar. It is a small village of Maulvi Bazar District.
 Lockvattnet is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Sibișel River or Nucșoru River or Nucșoara River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Stânişoara and Pietrele
 Peles (Russian: Пелес) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Chyornaya River which in turn is a tributary of Veslyana River. The length of the river is 27 km. The source of the river is located in extreme west of Gaynsky District of Perm Krai near its border with Komi Republic 10 km southwest of the settlement of Peles about 219 m above sea level. Its mouth is located about 8 km west of the settlement of Chernorechensky 171 m above sea level.
 Dębicze [dɛmˈbit͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Prosną within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Grabów nad Prosną 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Ostrzeszów and 136 km (85 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Evil Bong 3-D: The Wrath of Bong is a 2011 horror comedy film directed by Charles Band and the third film in the Evil Bong series following Evil Bong 2: King Bong. The film was released on April 8 2011 through Full Moon Entertainment and was given a limited theatrical release road tour. Evil Bong was shot in 3D and utilized scratch and sniff cards that film viewers could smell at certain times during the film.
 Brecha is a Uruguayan weekly newspaper.
 Dr Martin Lee Parkinson PSM an Australian public servant has been the Secretary of the Department of the Treasury since 7 March 2011.
 Nanbargal is a 1991 Tamil romance film directed by Shoba Chandrasekar. The film features Neeraj Mamta Kulkarni Vivek Dinesh Sundar and Shily Kapoor in lead roles. The film produced by Vijay was released on 14 February 1991. The film songs was composed by Babul Bose and the film score was composed by Sangeetha Rajan. The film did well at the box-office and it was later remade in Hindi as Mera Dil Tere Liye by S. A. Chandrasekhar which flopped.
 The Scallop-breasted Antpitta (Grallaricula loricata) is a species of bird in the Grallariidae family. It is endemic to Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Memoria negra is a 2006 documentary film directed by Xavier Montanyà.
 Cut is a 2000 novel by Patricia McCormick targeted at young adults. In 2002 it was named one of the ALA's Best Books for Young Adults for that year.
 Alfonso Valdivieso Sarmiento (born 2 October 1949) is a Colombian lawyer and politician.
 Preston Friary was a friary in Lancashire England.
 Suraj is a village in Muscat in northeastern Oman.
 Monte Manos is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 1517 metres. It administratively belongs to the province of Brescia.
 Quartz Mountain (also called Baldy Point) is located in Greer County in southwest Oklahoma. It is the namesake of Quartz Mountain Nature Park and its eastern flank is enclosed by the park boundaries. It is near the cities of Mangum Oklahoma and Altus Oklahoma. The park is open to the public year round for rock climbing hiking boating camping nature observation and photography and environmental education and interpretation. The mountain overlooks scenic Lake Altus-Lugert.
 Boskov Most Hydro Power Plant is a planned hydroelectric power plant in Macedonia that has five turbines with a nominal capacity of 14 MW each having a total capacity of 70 MW.
 Gotthard is the debut studio album released by the hard rock band Gotthard.The album peaked at #5 on the Swiss charts and was certified as Platinum for exceeding 30000 sales.
 The Voyage That Shook The World is a 2009 dramatised documentary film commissioned by Creation Ministries International a Christian Young Earth creationist organisation and produced by Fathom Media.
 Lolly Willowes; or The Loving Huntsman is a novel by Sylvia Townsend Warner her first published in 1926. A satirical comedy of manners incorporating elements of fantasy it is the story of a middle-aged spinster who moves to a country village to escape her controlling relatives and takes up the practice of witchcraft.
 The Italian American Museum of Los Angeles (Italian: Museo Italo Americano di Los Angeles and abbreviated IAMLA) is a museum located in downtown Los Angeles California California United States and is part of the El Pueblo de Los Angeles Historic Monument. It is dedicated to the history experience and continuing contributions of Italian Americans and Italians in Southern California and the United States and is the first such museum in Southern California.
 Flight is a comics anthology series edited by Kazu Kibuishi showcasing young and innovative artists and writers. Image Comics published the first two volumes. In June 2005 Kibuishi announced that the series would move from Image to Ballantine Books from Volume Three on in an attempt to increase sales through mainstream bookstores. Kibuishi also stated that subsequent volumes would be released twice-yearly.
 Niño Rojo is the fourth studio release by freak folk artist Devendra Banhart and his third release on the label Young God Records. It was released on September 13 2004.In 2007 the song Little Yellow Spider was used in a commercial for Orange mobile phone services and in 2005 the song At The Hop was featured in a commercial for Cathedral City cheese and in Fat Tire Beer's Follow your Folly commercial.
 Dasypyga salmocolor is a species of snout moths in the genus Dasypyga. It was described by Blanchard in 1970 and is known from the south-western United States including Texas and California.
 Ambareesha is an upcoming Indian Kannada action film directed and produced by Mahesh Sukhadhare under the Sri Sukhadhare Pictures banner. The film stars Darshan and Priyamani in the lead roles while Umashree Sampath Raj and others play other pivotal roles. Legendary star Dr.Ambareesh and his wife Sumalatha Ambareesh will be seen in guest roles. The soundtrack and score is composed by V. Harikrishna and the cinematography is by Ramesh Babu.
 Labcabincalifornia is the second album by The Pharcyde released in 1995 three years after their debut Bizarre Ride II the Pharcyde. The album's production was handled by The Pharcyde themselves and Jay Dee with additional help from Diamond D and M-Walk.The first single was Drop. The video for Drop was directed by Spike Jonze and used footage of the group performing the song backwards replayed backwards giving it a surreal quality.
 Dadıköy is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Secaş river in Romania.
 Runaway is a 1984 science fiction action film starring Tom Selleck Gene Simmons Cynthia Rhodes and features Kirstie Alley in one of her early roles. The film was written and directed by Michael Crichton. Jerry Goldsmith composed the original musical score which was the composer's first all-electronic soundtrack. The film was marketed with the tagline It is the future. Machines intended to do our work are programmed to turn against us.
 Piaski [ˈpjaski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Świnice Warckie 16 km (10 mi) west of Łęczyca and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Twin Peaks are two prominent peaks along the foothills east of the Santa Cruz Mountains in Santa Clara County California. The peaks are nestled between Uvas Reservoir to the west and Paradise Valley in Morgan Hill to the east. The headwaters for Sycamore Creek rise from the eastern hillsides near these peaks.Although part of the Uvas Reservoir County Park no trails currently lead to the peaks from the park side.
 Brendan Bracken 1st Viscount Bracken PC (15 February 1901 – 8 August 1958) was an Irish-born businessman and a minister in the British Conservative cabinet. He is best remembered for opposing the Bank of England's co-operation with Adolf Hitler and for subsequently supporting Winston Churchill's prosecution of the Second World War against Hitler. He was also the founder of the modern version of the Financial Times. He served as Minister of Information from 1941 to 1945.
 Flabellocephalus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Cambrian Period which lasted from approximately 542 to 488 million years ago.
 Ruthe Jackson (October 29 1920 - August 9 2013) was an American community organizer. She held a seat on the city council of Grand Prairie Texas and produced and hosted the longest-running Public-access television cable TV show in Texas. She was considered by many to be the matriarch of Grand Prairie Texas.
 Eupithecia valdivia is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in the region of Los Lagos (Valdivia Province) in Chile. The habitat consists of the Valdivian Forest Biotic Province.The length of the forewings is about 10 mm. Both the fore- and hindwings are covered with a mixture of greyish white dark brown and brownish black scales. Adults have been recorded on wing in October.
 Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Jamrud Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 353 in 96 families.
 Greatest Hits Volume One is the first studio album released by Canadian dance-remix trio The Boomtang Boys. Hits on this album included Squeeze Toy and Pictures both of which feature the vocals of Kim Esty. Greatest Hits did well in Canada achieving gold status in sales.
 Thomas M. Bell (born Cleveland Ohio) is an American politician who served as a Democratic representative in the Ohio House of Representatives from 1973-1982. He was in his early 20s when elected to the state legislature.
 Jordberga Castle (Swedish: Jordberga slott) is a castle in Trelleborg Municipality Scania in southern Sweden. It is inhabited and owned by Otto von Arnold former member of the Swedish Riksdag for the Christian Democrats.
 Guncati is a village in the municipality of Barajevo Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2102 people.
 The Clearwater River is a river located in the Clearwater Wilderness in the Cascade Range in Pierce County Washington. The river drains the wilderness area and is a tributary of the White River.
 Pempeliella alibotuschella is a species of snout moth. It is found in Bulgaria.
 The J. R. Allen House at 1047 East 13200 South in Draper Utah was built in 1899-1900. It was designed by architect Richard K.A. Kletting designer of the Utah State Capitol building and is significant as one of relatively few surviving residences designed by him. Its importance in that way is magnified by documentation in photographs and in original plans that remain available. It is also important as an artifact of Jackson R.
 Arrhenius is a lunar impact crater that is located just on the far side of the Moon near the southwest limb. In this location the vicinity of the crater can be viewed during favorable librations although it is viewed from on edge. To the south-southeast is the worn crater Blanchard and De Roy lies further to the west.The outer wall of Arrhenius has been somewhat worn and eroded due to a history of minor impacts leaving the rim rounded and low.
 Ogo Bodhu Shundori (Bengali: ওগো বধূ সুন্দরী) is a 1981 Bengali comedy film. It was one of the last films of the iconic Bengali actor Uttam Kumar who died during production. A lookalike was brought in to stand in for Kumar during the final sections of the film and younger brother Torun Kumar's voice was dubbed in.The music was composed by Bappi Lahiri. The movie is a Bengali reworking of the story of Pygmalion heavily drawing upon the hit British musical My Fair Lady.
 Gdje ste noćas prijatelji stari is an album by a Herzegovinian singer Mate Bulić.
 Królikarnia (English: The Rabbit House) is a historic palace in Warsaw Poland in the classical style as well as a neighborhood in the Mokotów district of Warsaw. A museum dedicated to Polish sculptor and artist Xawery Dunikowski has been located in the palace since 1965.
 Superman/Shazam: First Thunder is a 2006 comic book mini-series published by DC Comics written by Judd Winick with art by Joshua Middleton.The story recounts the first meeting between two DC superheroes Superman and Captain Marvel. Contrary to the usual popular stereotype the encounter proves most pleasant as they quickly become staunch allies whose individual differences complement each other well.
 The Scărișoara River is a tributary of the Suseni River in Romania.
 Potential Murder Suspects (P.M.S.) is the third and final album released by the Hard Boyz. It was released on March 24 1998 through Roadrunner Records and was least successful of the group's three albums as it did not reach the Billboard charts.
 Nowy Dwór [ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Brodnica and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Roundhill Reservoir is situated near Leighton Reservoir in North Yorkshire England. It was constructed by Harrogate Corporation early in the 20th century. Water from the reservoir is fed into Yorkshire Water's grid.Roundhill reservoir is overlooked by a strange stone tower. This is Carlesmoor sighting tower used to triangulate the end points of a water tunnel from the reservoir to Harrogate.
 Jagnjenica is a village in North Kosovo.
 Raptores was originally used to describe the birds of prey orders Falconiformes and Strigiformes but the latest morphological and molecular studies have stated otherwise (for example falcons are closer to parrots and songbirds than to hawks).
 Live at Mile High Music Festival is a live album by the Dave Matthews Band from the 2008 Mile High Music Festival outside Denver Colorado. In its first week of sales the album debuted at #97 on the US charts.
 Francis Leslie Pym Baron Pym MC PC (13 February 1922 – 7 March 2008) was a British politician. A member of the Conservative Party he served in various positions in the Cabinet in the 1970s and 1980s including Foreign Secretary Defence Secretary Northern Ireland Secretary and Leader of the House of Commons. He was Member of Parliament (MP) representing the constituencies of Cambridgeshire (1961–83) and South East Cambridgeshire (1983–87) and was made a life peer in 1987.
 The McGregor Museum in Kimberley South Africa originally known as the Alexander McGregor Memorial Museum is a province-aided museum established in 1907.
 Mehrshani (Persian: مهرنشاني‎ also Romanized as Mehrshānī; also known as Mehr Shāhī) is a village in Takab-e Kuhmish Rural District Sheshtomad District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 69 families.
 The Knesset Eliyahoo also Knesset Eliyahu is an 1885 Orthodox synagogue in Fort (area) in downtown Mumbai. It was built by Jacob Elias Sassoon and his brothers to commemorate their father and is run by the Jacob Sassoon Trust.In 1985 the President of India Giani Zail Singh visited to honor the centennial of the building of the synagogue. The Indian Post Office issued a stamp in honor of the centennial.Until the November 2008 Mumbai attacks services were led by Rabbi Gavriel Holtzberg.
 The Sperrins or Sperrin Mountains (from Irish Speirín meaning little pinnacle) are a range of mountains in Northern Ireland and one of the largest upland areas in Ireland. The range stretches the counties of Tyrone and Londonderry from south of Strabane eastwards to Slieve Gallion in Desertmartin and north towards Limavady. The region has a population of some 150000 and is a designated Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
 Mousa Mohammed Abu Marzook (Arabic: موسى محمد أبو مرزوق‎; born 9 January 1951 Rafah Gaza Strip) is a Palestinian senior member of Hamas.
 The Japanese Reed Bunting or Ochre-rumped Bunting (Emberiza yessoensis) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.It is found in China Hong Kong Japan North Korea South Korea and Russia.Its natural habitats are temperate grassland and swamps.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Prince of Darkness is the third studio album by English Gothic rock band Nosferatu. It is the band's first album to feature lead vocalist Dominic LaVey. The album was released September 1996 by Cleopatra Records in the United States and Canada and in August 1996 in the United Kingdom and Germany on Hades Records.
 Kevin Patrick Reilly Sr. (1928 – October 28 2012) was the executive officer of the Lamar Advertising Company who served from 1972 to 1988 in the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 68 in East Baton Rouge Parish.Reilly did not seek a fifth term in the House but was instead defeated in 1987 in the nonpartisan blanket primary for state treasurer by his House colleague and fellow Democrat future U.S. Senator Mary Landrieu.
 Pelota de cuero is a 1963 Argentine film.
 Everything's Eventual is a collection of 14 short stories written by Stephen King and published in 2002.
 Orašje is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 934 people.
 La Cabeza viviente (The Living Head) is a 1963 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Anthidium aztecum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Jane P. Kelley is a Democratic former member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives representing the Rockingham 15th District starting in 1998.
 The Good Witch's Charm is a Hallmark Channel film that aired on October 27 2012. It starred Catherine Bell as Cassandra Nightingale and Chris Potter as Sheriff Jake Russell. Although set in Middleton USA it was filmed in Hamilton and Niagara on the Lake Ontario. This is the fifth installment in the series.
 The Idaho Statesman is a U.S. daily newspaper serving the Boise Idaho metropolitan area. The paper has a circulation of 47855 daily 74905 Sunday and employs about 200 people. It is owned by The McClatchy Company.The paper was first published as the Idaho Tri-Weekly Statesman on July 26 1864 by James S. Reynolds; it began publication from a log cabin on the current site of Boise City Hall.
 Promecognathinae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae.
 On a Mission is the second studio album by American country music group Trick Pony. It was released in 2002 as their final album for Warner Bros. Records. The album's singles were On a Mission and A Boy Like You the latter of which failed to reach the Top 40 on the Hot Country Songs charts. Nobody Ever Died of a Broken Heart was recorded in 2006 by Cowboy Crush who released it as a single. Willie Nelson's hit single Whiskey River is also covered here.
 Homadaula is a genus of insects in the Galacticidae family.
 The Rack is the debut album by Asphyx. It was released in 1991 by Century Media Records.
 Zsolt Semjén (born 8 August 1962 in Budapest) is a Hungarian politician currently minister without portfolio and Deputy Prime Minister in the second cabinet of Prime Minister Viktor Orbán. Semjén is the leader of the Christian Democratic People's Party (KDNP) since 2003 which formed a coalition and alliance with Fidesz.
 Haplochromis macconneli is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Turkana northern Kenya. This species can reach a length of 7.7 centimetres (3.0 in) SL.
 George Henry Cowan (June 17 1858 – September 20 1935) was a Canadian lawyer and Conservative politician. He represented Vancouver City in the Canadian House of Commons for one term from 1908 to 1911.Born in Watford Canada West Cowan was educated at the University of Toronto and Osgoode Hall. He was called to the Ontario Bar in 1889 and moved to British Columbia in 1893. He was called to the British Columbia Bar in 1893 and practiced law in Vancouver.
 The Wichita Mountains are located in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. The mountains are a northwest-southeast trending series of rocky promontories many capped by 540 million-year old granite. These were exposed and rounded by weathering during the Permian Period. The eastern end of the mountains offers 1000 feet (305 m) of topographic relief in a region otherwise dominated by gently rolling grasslands.
 The Cotagaita River is a river of Bolivia in the Potosí Department Nor Chichas Province Cotagaita Municipality. It is a right affluent of Tumusla River and belongs to the Pillku Mayu river basin..
 The Jay-Niles Memorial Library or Niles Memorial Library is an historic library building located on Maine State Route 4 in North Jay Maine USA. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Mordellistena krauseri is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1986 by Plaza Infante.
 Jean Pierre Marie Olivier Germain Defraigne (Roosendaal and Nispen 19 April 1929) is a Belgian liberal politician and minister for the Liberal Reformist Party (PRL).Defraigne graduated as a doctor in law at the Université de Liège and was a lawyer and alderman in Liège.
 Nowa Bystrzyca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Bystrzyca Kłodzka 17 kilometres (11 mi) south of Kłodzko and 98 kilometres (61 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 The Days of Perky Pat is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Gollancz in 1990 and reprints Volume IV of The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick. It had not previously been published as a stand-alone volume. The stories had originally appeared in the magazines Galaxy Science Fiction Science Fiction Stories If Fantastic Universe Fantasy and Science Fiction Fantastic Worlds of Tomorrow Escapade and Amazing Stories.
 It's Pat is a 1994 comedy film directed by Adam Bernstein and starring Julia Sweeney Dave Foley Charles Rocket and Kathy Griffin. The film was based on the Saturday Night Live (SNL) character Pat created by Sweeney an androgynous misfit whose sex is never revealed.Dave Foley plays Pat's partner Chris and Charles Rocket another SNL alumnus plays Pat's neighbor Kyle Jacobsen.
 Rampura Jawaharwala is a village located at 29.90°N 75.80°E﻿ / 29.90; 75.80 9 km southeast of Lehragaga in Sangrur district of the Punjab. Distance 4 km from Lehra Gaga and 53 km from district headquarters Sangrur.
 Mr Stink is a book published in 2009 and written by David Walliams and illustrated by Quentin Blake. The book has been adapted as a stage musical and has been made into a television film by the BBC.
 Haudankylmyyden Mailla is the second full-length studio album by the black metal band Horna. It was released on Solistitium Records in 1999 and was limited to 1500 copies. It was then re-released by Omvina Records in 2005 and again on Blut & Eisen Productions in 2007. Both re-released versions have some type of alteration from the original version.
 Hardwood Dreams is a 1993 basketball sports documentary written directed and produced by Michael Tollin and narrated by Wesley Snipes. It follows five Morningside High School (MHS) seniors during their last high school basketball season as they dream of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Congregational Church Of Austinburg (also known as The First United Church of Christ Austinburg) is a historic congregational church on OH 307 in Austinburg Ohio.It was built in 1877 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The congregation is currently affiliated with the United Church of Christ.
 Mehdi Soltan (Persian: مهدئ سلطان‎ also Romanized as Mehdī Solṭān; also known as Mehdīābād and Shahr-e Kharāb) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 13 in 4 families.
 Midžor (Serbian Cyrillic: Миџор pronounced [mîdʒɔr] Bulgarian: Миджур Midzhur) is a peak in the Balkan Mountains situated on the border between Bulgaria and Serbia. At 2169 metres (7116 ft) it is the highest peak of the Western Balkan Mountains as well as the highest of Serbia outside Kosovo. Midžor is the 12th highest peak in the Balkan Mountains.
 1992–2012 The Anthology is a three-disc compilation album by Underworld released 4 December 2011 on underworldlive.com for digital download. The physical CDs were released on 23 January 2012 along with A Collection a single-disc compilation with radio edits. The first two discs contain a revamped version of 1992-2002 while the third disc of the collection contains an unreleased track from the band's early period along with b-sides and other rarities.
 Oscar Peterson Plays the Jerome Kern Songbook is a 1959 album by Oscar Peterson of compositions by Jerome Kern.
 Revista ISTOÉ (Portuguese for This is often written as Istoé or IstoÉ) is a weekly news magazine in Portuguese published in Brazil roughly the equivalent of the American magazines Time or Newsweek. It is considered one of the four main magazines being published in the country[citation needed] along with Veja Época and CartaCapital.
 Nighttime Anytime is an EP album by the Constantines released July 8 2003 on the Sub Pop record label. The first two tracks are songs that were later released on the album Shine a Light. The third track is a Talking Heads cover and the final track is an alternate instrumental version of Hotline Operator that differs from the track of the same name found on Tournament of Hearts.
 Cophixalus shellyi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rocky areas.
 The Church of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary into Heaven (Lithuanian: Švč. Mergelės Marijos Ėmimo į dangų bažnyčia) is a Roman Catholic church in Telšiai Lithuania.
 This article is about the present-day newspaper. For the newspaper of the same name published from 1923 to 1954 see Los Angeles Daily News (historic).The Los Angeles Daily News is the second-largest-circulating daily newspaper of Los Angeles California.
 For the TV sitcom of this title see Designing Women.Designing Women also known as House of Cards was a 1934 British film directed by Ivar Campbell and written by N.W. Baring-Pemberton.
 Hemmatabad-e Vahab (Persian: همت ابادواهب‎ also Romanized as Hemmatābād-e Vāhab) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District Gonbaki District Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 9 families.
 Cyclostremella is a minor genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Orgazmo is a 1997 American comedy film written by Trey Parker and Matt Stone the creators of the animated series South Park and directed by Parker.
 Sultan Mountain elevation 13373 ft (4076 m) is a summit in the San Juan Mountains located southwest of Silverton Colorado.
 Diadegma buckelli is a wasp first described by Henry Lorenz Viereck in 1925.No subspecies are listed.
 Soranjeh (Persian: سرنجه‎ also Romanized as Serenjeh) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 263 in 50 families.
 Dr Edward Scott (5 November 1852–24 May 1920) was an English-born politician in Western Australia. He became a member of the Legislative Council in 1886 then when representative self-government was achieved in 1890 won the seat of Perth in the new Legislative Assembly. He was also Mayor of Perth from 1889 until 1891.
 Frank B. Weeks (January 20 1854 – October 2 1935) was an American politician and the 64th Governor of Connecticut.
 Rainbow Gladiator is an album by the American jazz violinist Billy Bang recorded in 1981 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 The Wairongomai River or Wairongomai Stream is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand's North Island. It is one of many small rivers and streams which radiate from the cone of Mount Taranaki and reaches the North Taranaki Bight to the west of Okato.
 Kasba Lake is a lake in the northern Canadian wilderness. The majority of the lake lies within the Northwest Territories but a small section is in Nunavut. The lake is close to Canada's four corners. A seasonal fishing lodge is open to tourists each summer.
 Tanya Pullin (born September 15 1957 in South Shore Kentucky) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 98 since January 2001.
 Jim Ott (born June 6 1947) is a Wisconsin politician and former television meteorologist.Ott serves in the Wisconsin State Assembly representing District 23. Prior to being elected to the Assembly he was a television meteorologist in Milwaukee for WTMJ-AM and WTMJ-TV.
 Step by Step is the third studio album and fourth album overall by American boy band New Kids on the Block released in June 1990 via Columbia Records.
 Coquitlam Centre is a shopping mall in Coquitlam British Columbia built in 1979 and expanded in 2001. It is located at the southern edge of the Coquitlam Town Centre area near Coquitlam Central Station and several other smaller shopping centres.
 Gambling Days are Over is the debut album by the Compulsive Gamblers. It was released in 1995 by Sympathy for the Record Industry. The album with the exception of the last three songs was recorded on an 8-track recorder in vocalist Jack Oblivian's apartment.
 Administrative Behavior: a Study of Decision-Making Processes in Administrative Organization is a book written by Herbert A. Simon (1916–2001). It asserts that decision-making is the heart of administration and that the vocabulary of administrative theory must be derived from the logic and psychology of human choice and it attempts to describe administrative organizations in a way that will provide the basis for scientific analysis.
 The Deseret News (/dɛz.əˈrɛt./) is a newspaper published in Salt Lake City Utah United States. It is Utah's oldest continuously published daily newspaper and has the second largest daily circulation in the state behind The Salt Lake Tribune but the largest Sunday circulation.
 Dreadstar was the first comic series published by American publisher Epic Comics an imprint of Marvel Comics in 1982.
 Nowosiółki [nɔvɔˈɕuu̯kʲi] (Ukrainian: Новосілки Novosilky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce within Siemiatycze County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Milejczyce 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Siemiatycze and 63 km (39 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 AMP Society Building is a historic building on Customhouse Quay Wellington New Zealand.The Australian Mutual Provident society was founded in 1849 and established a branch on Featherston Street Wellington in 1871.
 The Grand Roy River is a river of Grenada.
 Centruroides bicolor is a species of bark scorpion from Central America. Its specific name bicolor is from the Latin meaning two colored and refers to the markings of this species.
 Pararhadinaea melanogaster is a species of the Colubridae (colubrid) family and is endemic to the island of Madagascar. A common name is the Madagascar burrowing snake.
 Buried Alive is a 1990 film directed by Gerard Kikoine and based on the work of Edgar Allan Poe. It stars Donald Pleasence and John Carradine in his final performance.
 Le Rœulx Castle (French: Château du Rœulx) also known as the Château des Princes de Croÿ or castle of the Princes de Croÿ is a castle in the town of Le Rœulx in the province of Hainaut Belgium.
 The Klip River is the main river draining the portion of Johannesburg south of the Witwatersrand and its basin includes the Johannesburg CBD and Soweto. The mouth of the river is at Vereeniging where it empties into the Vaal River which is a tributary to the Orange River. Besides Vereeniging other towns along the river include Henley on Klip and Meyerton.
 The Life and Adventures of Joaquín Murieta: The Celebrated California Bandit was originally published in 1854 by John Rollin Ridge writing as Yellow Bird. It is considered to be one of the first novels written in California and the first novel to be published by a Native American. The novel describes the life of a legendary bandit named Joaquín Murieta who once a dignified citizen of Mexico becomes corrupt after traveling to California during the Gold Rush.
 Jacob Nicol (April 25 1876 – September 23 1958) was a Canadian lawyer newspaper publisher and politician.
 Arn – The Knight Templar (Swedish: Arn - Tempelriddaren) is a 2007 epic film based on Jan Guillou's trilogy about the fictional Swedish Knight Templar Arn Magnusson. The film was released in December 2007 and the sequel Arn – The Kingdom at Road's End (Arn – Riket vid vägens slut) was released August 22 2008 but both films were combined into a single cut for the English release on DVD in 2010.
 Blue Mesa is the an album by American fiddle and mandolin player Peter Ostroushko released in 1989.
 The Hastings Constitutional Law Quarterly (Bluebook abbreviation: Hastings Const. L.Q.) is a quarterly law review covering constitutional law edited by students of the University of California Hastings College of the Law. While most articles focus on issues arising under the United States Constitution the journal also covers topics concerning state and foreign constitutions. It was established in 1973.
 Baranowo [baraˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo within Gniezno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Łubowo 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Gniezno and 42 km (26 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Play Dusty for Me is the second solo album by British singer and songwriter David Westlake. This album's sound has something in common with the Pale Blue Eyes/Sunday Morning Velvet Underground.
 The News Letter is one of Northern Ireland's main daily newspapers published Monday to Saturday. It is the oldest English language general daily newspaper still in publication in the world having first been printed in 1737.The newspaper's editorial stance and readership while originally republican is strongly unionist. Its primary competitors are the Belfast Telegraph and the Irish News.
 Promised Land is the fourth Spenser novel by Robert B. Parker first published in 1976. It won the Edgar Award for Best Novel in 1977.
 Sumba is the southernmost village of the Faroe Islands on the island of Suðuroy. It is located in the Sumbiar municipality.
 Graduation: Singles is the first compilation album from Nami Tamaki.
 Zarrin Kuyeh (Persian: زرين كويه‎ also Romanized as Zarrīn Kūyeh) is a village in Jereh Rural District Jereh and Baladeh District Kazerun County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 278 in 55 families.
 Dulce Quintans-Saguisag (September 5 1943 – November 8 2007) was a Filipino politician and former Secretary of the Department of Social Welfare and Development under the administration of former President Joseph Estrada. Saguisag was one of Estrada's eleven cabinet members who withdrew support for Estrada on January 19 2001 following accusations of massive corruption by the president.
 Luodis Lake is situated in Zarasai district municipality Lithuania. Lake contains two large islands. Town of Salakas is situated near the lake.
 Spotted Fritillary redirects here. For the plant see Fritillaria atropurpurea.The Spotted Fritillary or Red-band Fritillary (Melitaea didyma) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
 Charles S. Chuck DeVore (born May 20 1962) is an American politician who served as a Republican member of the California State Assembly from 2004 to 2010 and represented the 70th District which includes portions of Orange County. DeVore was Vice Chair of the Assembly Revenue and Taxation Committee and sat on the Joint Legislative Audit Committee and Veterans Affairs Committee.
 Sheykhan Karag (Persian: شيخان كرگ‎ also Romanized as Sheykhān Karag; also known as Karag and Sheykhān Gorg) is a village in Sand-e Mir Suiyan Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 430 in 88 families.
 Kottige (Kannada: ಕೊಟ್ಟಿಗೆ) (also known as Megala Kottige (ಮೇಗಳ ಕೊಟ್ಟಿಗೆ) ) is a small village in the Holalkere town of Chitradurga State in Karnataka India.
 Ayegan (Persian: ايگان‎ also Romanized as Āyegān) is a village in Adaran Rural District Asara District Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 198 in 59 families.
 Trzydnik Duży [ˈtʂɨdnik ˈduʐɨ] is a village in Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Trzydnik Duży. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Kraśnik and 53 km (33 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 Storybook: Tales from Europe and Japan is the first DVD release by Symphonic Rock vocalist Lana Lane featuring concert performances from Japan as well as different parts of Europe during a span from 1997-2003.
 Fissile Peak formerly known as Red Mountain is a mountain peak located on the eastern side of Cheakamus Lake southeast of Whistler in Garibaldi Provincial Park of British Columbia Canada. The mountain is composed of red slate which is easily divided into thin sheets of uniform thickness; in geological terms this feature is known as fissility.
 Phyllonorycter ostryaefoliella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Canada (Nova Scotia Ontario and Québec) the United States (including Connecticut Illinois New York Kentucky Maine and Vermont).The wingspan is 6-6.5 mm.The larvae feed on Ostrya species including Ostrya virginiana and Ostrya virginica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside the leaf.
 Show No Mercy is the debut album by American thrash metal band Slayer released in December 1983 through Metal Blade Records. Brian Slagel signed the band to Metal Blade after watching the band perform the song Phantom of the Opera by Iron Maiden.
 Live on Blueberry Hill (also known as Blueberry Hill) is a bootleg recording of the English rock group Led Zeppelin's performance at the Los Angeles Forum on September 4 1970 which took place during their summer 1970 North American Tour.The audience recording is one of the first Led Zeppelin bootlegs and one of the first rock and roll bootlegs ever released. It was released on the Blimp label. The album was subsequently pressed on the Trade Mark of Quality label and shipped to England.
 Alexander Stuart Wallace (December 30 1810 - June 27 1893) was a U.S.
 On se calme et on boit frais à Saint-Tropez (Let's calm down and drink fresh in Saint-Tropez) (1987) is the last movie made by French film-maker Max Pécas. It is also the last one of his Saint-Tropez trilogy.Many of the viewers find the movie awful and consider that it is the worst one Pécas has ever done.
 Elias Kent Kane (June 7 1794 – December 12 1835) was the first Illinois Secretary of State and one of the first U.S. Senators from Illinois.
 Haathi Mere Saathi (English: Elephant My Partner) a favorite with children in the early 1970s. The movie has a Disneyesque appeal with an Indian twist. Haathi Mere Saathi was the biggest hit of 1971 going by box office collections eclipsing the Raj Khosla-made Mera Gaon Mera Desh and was critical acclaimed film. Rajesh Khanna was the biggest star of that period and Haathi Mere Saathi ranks high among the biggest ever hits of his career.
 The First Christian Church on N. Main St. in Nashville Arkansas was built in 1911. It was a work of the noted church architect Benjamin D. Price and his son Max Charles Price. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Ectoedemia monemvasiae is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Greece (Peloponnesos) and Turkey (Anatolia).The wingspan is 6.5-7.5 mm. Adults have been caught in July and early August.Unlike most other Nepticulidae species the larvae mine the bark of their host rather than the leaves. The hostplant is probably a Fagaceae species.
 Get Lucky: Lucky Ali Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Lucky Ali. The album released in 2009. It was released under the label Sony BMG.
 He Jingzhi (simplified Chinese: 贺敬之; traditional Chinese: 賀敬之; pinyin: He Jingzhi;born November 1924) better known by her pen name Aimo (艾漠) or Jingzhi (荆直). He is a politician and peot of People's Republic of China he was a standing committee member of the 8th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference a standing committee member of the 7th National People's Congress and a member of the 12th and 13th CPC Central Committee.
 Father of Four on Bornholm (Danish: Far til fire på Bornholm) is a 1959 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin.
 Eupholidoptera chabrieri is a species of 'katydids crickets' belonging to the family Tettigoniidae subfamily Tettigoniinae.This cricket is mainly present in Belgium France Italy Romania and in Switzerland. The adults reach 20–30 millimetres (0.79–1.18 in) of length. They can be encountered from July through September in forest edges clearings thickets and shrubs. The basic coloration of the body varies from green to light green and yellow green.
 Paraoncidium papuanum is a species of air-breathing sea slug a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
 Alien Express (formerly known as Dead Rail) is a 2005 film directed by Turi Meyer and stars Lou Diamond Phillips Amy Locane Barry Corbin and Todd Bridges. The film was released direct-to-video on August 13 2005.
 Nowe Grudze [ˈnɔvɛ ˈɡrud͡zɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland.
 The Mendel Art Gallery is a major creative cultural centre in City Park Saskatoon Saskatchewan opened in 1964. Housing a permanent collection of more than 7500 works of local regional and national significance the largest public art collection in the province the Mendel is also known for its public programs for all ages. It is one of two public art museums with provincial responsibilities.
 Zła Wieś [ˈzwa ˈvjɛɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrcz within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Dobrcz 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Bydgoszcz and 35 km (22 mi) north-west of Toruń.The village has a population of 20.
 The Polistinae are eusocial wasps closely related to the more familiar yellowjackets but placed in their own subfamily containing four tribes; with some 1100 species total it is the second most diverse subfamily within Vespidae and while most species are tropical or subtropical they include some of the most frequently-encountered large wasps in temperate regions.
 Zborczyce [zbɔrˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gdów within Wieliczka County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) east of Wieliczka and 23 km (14 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Belarmino is a 1964 film. It charts the life and times of ex-boxer Belarmino Fragoso. It is one of the first films of the Portuguese Cinema Novo itself part of a wave of New Cinemas sweeping the world in the 1960s and a break from the previous tradition of Portuguese cinema exemplified by the comédia à portuguesa. Lopes’s film was shown at the festivals of Pesaro and Salso-Poretta in Italy garnered favourable reviews throughout Europe and won the Prémio da Casa da Imprensa back in Portugal.
 Davis House also known as El Recuerdo is a historic plantation home located near Manning Clarendon County South Carolina. It was built about 1843 and is a vernacular Greek Revival style dwelling. The Davis House is a two-story frame house with a heavy timber braced frame weatherboard sheathing and a gabled roof. It has one-story gabled-roofed ells at either side connected to the main block by shed-roofed connectors.
 The African American Museum and Library at Oakland (AAMLO) is a museum and non-circulating library dedicated to preserving the history and experiences of African Americans in Northern California and the Bay Area. It contains an extensive archival collection of such artifacts as diaries correspondence photos and periodicals.
 Scaphiophryne marmorata is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family commonly known as the green burrowing frog. It is endemic to Madagascar where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical forests intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest. It is classified as Vulnerable by the IUCN as it is threatened by habitat loss.
 First Church of Christ Scientist built in 1901 is an historic Mission Revival-style Christian Science church located at 3606 Lemon Street in Riverside California. It has been called: the church that introduced Christian Science to Southern California. It was designed by noted Los Angeles architect Arthur Burnett Benton. On September 22 1992 First Church of Christ Scientist was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 My Dear Old Southern Home is the title of a recording by American folk music artist Doc Watson released in 1991.
 Wólka-Przekory [ˈvulka pʂɛˈkɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Advances in Colloid and Interface Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. It covers all aspects of colloid and interface science including surface chemistry physical chemistry and surface tension.
 Tatruse is a village in Haljala Parish Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
 Carlos García Portela (born November 18 1921 in Vega Baja Puerto Rico) was a Puerto Rican politician and former senator. He was a member of the Senate of Puerto Rico from 1965 to 1968 representing the Popular Democratic Party (PPD).Carlos García Portela was born on November 18 1921 in Vega Baja Puerto Rico.
 Simón Alberto Consalvi (7 July 1927 – 11 March 2013) was a Venezuelan politician journalist diplomat and historian. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Venezuela on two occasions (1977-1979/1985-1988) Minister of Interior and Justice of Venezuela (1988–1989) Secretary of the Presidency (1988) and also held several Ambassadorships.
 The Continuum Hypothesis is the 3rd full-length studio album released by the Melodic death/Black metal band Epoch of Unlight. It is the first to feature new vocalist BJ Cook and new guitarist Josh Braddock.
 SM City Calamba is the 39th shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings. It is the 3rd SM Supermall in the province of Laguna in the Philippines. It is located along National Road Brgy. Real in Calamba City. The mall has a gross floor area of 66516 square meters and occupies 60102 square meters of land.
 Angelo D'Emilia is the current representative for the 8th Plymouth district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives which includes Bridgewater Raynham and precinct 6 of Easton.
 Sękowo [sɛnˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Działdowo and 59 km (37 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 85.
 East! is the third album by guitarist Pat Martino recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.
 City of the Sun is a crime/suspense novel by David Levien published by Random House Books. Levien is currently working on a film script of the book.
 Heterojinus semilaetanus is a species of beetle in the family Laemophloeidae the only species in the genus Heterojinus.
 Kantri (Telugu: కంత్రి) is a 2008 film starring Jr. NTR Hansika Motwani Tanisha Mukherjee and Prakash Raj. The film is directed by Meher Ramesh who is a protégé of Puri Jagannadh. The movie is produced by Vyjayanthi Movies and C. Ashwini Dutt. The film was released on 9 May 2008 and was an average at the box office. The movie was dubbed in Hindi as Ek Aur Qayamat.
 Diaz – Don't Clean Up This Blood or only Diaz is a 2012 Italian-French-Romanian drama film directed by Daniele Vicari focusing on the final days of the 2001 G8 summit in Genoa Italy when police stormed Armando Diaz a school in Genoa. In the nightly raid over 300 police officers attacked activists and journalists seriously injuring 93 and putting another 3 in a coma.
 Pectinobotys is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 St. Michael the Archangel is a Roman Catholic church located at 3114 Scranton Road in the Clark-Fulton neighborhood on the west side of Cleveland Ohio. The church is named in honor of St. Michael the Archangel and was completed in 1892.The congregation was founded in 1881 as a mission of Ohio City Cleveland's St. Mary's On-The-Flats to serve a growing German immigrant population on Cleveland's west side.
 Maheswarpur (Bengali মহেশ্বরপুর (also spelled Moisapur) is a small village in Chinsurah subdivision of Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal). It is on the crossing of National Highway 2(NH 2 also known as Durgapur Expressway) and 17-18 Bus Route. This village is 6 km from Singur. The nearest railway station of Maheswarpur is Dhaniakhali via Howrah-Burdwan chord line and the nearest Howrah-Burdwan main line station is Chinsurah.
 Mouchez is the remnant of a lunar crater that is located near the northern limb of the Moon to the north of Philolaus and northwest of Anaxagoras.Almost the entire eastern rim of this crater is missing and the remaining arc is heavily worn and eroded. This surviving rim forms a curving arc that runs from the south clockwise to the north-northeast. Near the southern terminus is the small crater Mouchez C.
 Lake Bodom (Finnish: Bodominjärvi Swedish: Bodom träsk) is a lake in Finland located on the suburbs of the city of Espoo not far from Helsinki.
 Amnesia Labyrinth (蜻蛉迷宮 Kagerō Meikyu) is a Japanese manga written by Nagaru Tanigawa and illustrated by Natsumi Kohane. It was serialized in ASCII Media Works's Dengeki Bunko Magazine beginning in June 2008. The individual chapters were collected into two tankōbon volumes which were released on August 10 2009 and December 18 2009. The manga is licensed in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment which released the two volumes on February 2 2011 and June 7 2011.
 Lake Daniell is a lake in the Tasman District of the South Island of New Zealand.It is drained by Frazer Stream which in turn feeds into the Alfred River and is surrounded by old growth beech forest. A tramping track leads to the lake and an adjacent hut the Manson-Nicholls Memorial Hut.In 2002 there was a search in the area for a missing tramper who was part of a group staying at the lake.
 Samuel Leeper Devine (21 December 1915 – 27 June 1997) was an American politician of the Republican party who served in the United States House of Representatives as Representative of the 12th congressional district of Ohio from 3 January 1959 until 3 January 1981; he left office after being defeated by Democrat Bob Shamansky (who would lose the seat after a single (two-year) term to Republican John Kasich).
 Winter in Wartime (Dutch: Oorlogswinter) is a 2008 Dutch war film directed by Martin Koolhoven. The screenplay was written by Mieke de Jong Paul Jan Nelissen and Martin Koolhoven and was based on the novel of the same name by Jan Terlouw.The film was hugely successful in the Netherlands out-grossing competing films like Twilight and The Dark Knight.
 Christopher K. McNally is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Trent Sisemore (born September 5 1961) is the former Mayor of Amarillo Texas. He served as Mayor for two terms from 2001–2005 and as Amarillo City Commissioner for three terms from 1995-2001. Sisemore was preceded as Mayor by Texas Senator Kel Seliger and succeeded by Debra McCartt. He is Co-owner of Jack Sisemore Traveland and Golden Eagle RV Warranty Company.
 The Corylus Dagger Moth (Acronicta falcula) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the United States and Canada from southern New England to southern Manitoba and Iowa. Recently seen from Wisconsin Connecticut Rhode Island New York and Michigan. It is reported as rare in Ohio.The wingspan is about 42 mm. There are probably two generations in about May and July to August in most of its range.The larvae feed on the foliage of Corylus species.
 Dorothea Dreams is a 1986 novel by award winning American author Suzy McKee Charnas.
 Calluella yunnanensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is found in China Vietnam possibly Laos and possibly Myanmar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land rural gardens water storage areas ponds aquaculture ponds and irrigated land.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Kerabari is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12031 people living in 2129 individual households.
 El Seductor (The Seducer) is a 1955 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Satyakam is a 1969 Indian Hindi film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee based on a Bengali novel of the same name by Narayan Sanyal. The film stars Dharmendra Sharmila Tagore Sanjeev Kumar and Ashok Kumar.
 Suç Bende is the debut album released in 1994 of the Turkish pop singer Mustafa Sandal. This was the album that launched him onto the Turkish pop scene.
 The Mourning Forest (Japanese: 殯の森Mogari no mori) is an 2007 Japanese film directed by Naomi Kawase. It won the Grand prix at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival. It tells the story of a nurse (played by Machiko Ono) who is grieving for her dead child. She works at a nursing home and grows close to an elderly man (Shigeki Uda) suffering from dementia who is searching in the local forest for something connected to his dead wife that he cannot explain.
 The British National Formulary (BNF) is a pharmaceutical reference book that contains a wide spectrum of information and advice on prescribing and pharmacology along with specific facts and details about many medicines available on the National Health Service (NHS) including indication(s) contraindications side effects doses legal classification names and prices of available proprietary and generic formulations and any other notable points.
 Mal Amiri-ye Sofla (Persian: مال اميري سفلي‎ also Romanized as Māl Amīrī-ye Soflá) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District in the Central District of Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 369 in 74 families.
 Oh You're So Silent Jens is a compilation album released by Swedish singer-songwriter Jens Lekman in 2005. It is composed of previously released tracks taken from Maple Leaves (2003) Rocky Dennis in Heaven (2004) and Julie (2004) as well as F-word (2003) from the En Garde Fanzine and The Wrong Hands (2004) from the Accelerator Compilation.The album cover was designed by the Swedish musician Rasmus Hägg one half of the balearic duo Studio.
 The Pioneer Building is a Richardsonian Romanesque stone red brick terra cotta and cast iron building located on the northeast corner of First Avenue and James Street mere yards from where James Street runs into Yesler Way in Seattle's Pioneer Square District. Completed in 1892 the Pioneer Building was designed by architect Elmer Fisher who designed several of the historic district's new buildings following the Great Seattle Fire of 1889.
 Dick Barton Strikes Back is a 1949 British film about special agent Dick Barton. It was the third of three films Hammer Film Productions made about the agent although it was the second released.
 Night and Day is a 1978 play by Tom Stoppard. The sets and costumes were designed by Carl Toms and it ran for two years at the Phoenix Theatre in central London UK. The lead roles of Richard Wagner and Ruth Carson were created by John Thaw and Diana Rigg respectively.The play is post-colonial in nature a satire on the British news media and an exploration of its discourse.
 The Flaming Lips and Heady Fwends is a studio album by the American rock band The Flaming Lips in collaboration with a variety of guests.Recorded throughout 2011 and 2012 the album was released as a limited edition on vinyl for Record Store Day on April 21 2012 and on CD and digitally on June 26 2012. Four songs from the album were previously released on collaborative EPs in 2011.
 Kaavalkaaran (Tamil: காவல்காரன் English: Police man) is a 1967 Indian Tamil directed by P. Neelakantan starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and J. Jayalalitha M. N. Nambiar S. A. Ashokan Sivakumar Nagesh among others. The first film after the incident of shooting in 1967 by his rival M.R. Radha on his neck. It ran more than 100 days in all the four theatres released in Chennai and other major cities and in Ceylon it ran up to 164 days.
 Springfield Lake is a small lake located in Middle Sackville Halifax Regional Municipality. The shoreline perimeter is 5.6 km the mean depth is 3 m and the maximum depth is 5 m (Mandaville 2000). Springfield is a headwater lake that is fed solely by underground springs and runoff. Located in the Shubenacadie watershed it ultimately feeds into the Bay of Fundy. It lies in pyretic slate bedrock that is high in hydrogen and sulphur (Kerekes et al. 1986).
 Massachusetts Correctional Institution at Norfolk or MCI-Norfolk is a medium security prison in Norfolk Massachusetts with an average daily population of 1500 inmates. Though it is rated medium security it also houses up to 98 maximum security inmates. Opened in the early 1930s MCI-Norfolk is the largest state prison in Massachusetts.
 De Vrienden van Jacob is a restaurant in Santpoort Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2006–present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Head chef of De Vrienden van Jacob is Alain Alders.De restaurant is part of the country estate and hotel Duin en Kruidberg. In 2008 the restaurant was closed for five months due to extensive renovations to the restaurant and the hotel. The estate is over a 100 years old.
 Deh Now-e Najaf Qoli (Persian: دهنو نجف قلي‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Najaf Qolī; also known as Dehnow-e Najafqoli) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District Bayravand District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Cryptodaphne rugosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Love Me Please Love Me is the third original album or LP by 1960s British girl singer Sandie Shaw. It was issued by Pye Records in November 1967 several months after Shaw's triumph in that year's Eurovision Song Contest. The album mainly contains cover versions of songs made popular by other artists like Michel Polnareff's Love Me Please Love Me though two songs are written by Chris Andrews who was Shaw's personal songwriter for much of the 1960s.
 Day of the Fight is a 1951 American short subject documentary film shot in black-and-white and also the first picture directed by Stanley Kubrick. Kubrick financed the film himself and it is based on an earlier photo feature he had done as a photographer for Look magazine in 1949.
 Takejirō Tokonami (床次 竹二郎 Tokonami Takejirō 6 January 1866 – 8 September 1935) was a Japanese was a statesman politician and cabinet minister in Taishō and early Shōwa period Japan. Tokonami was involved in several government agencies throughout his career and served in the leadership of different political parties. He was regarded by his contemporaries as a rather opportunistic politician eager for an opportunity to become prime minister.
 The Annals of Mathematical Statistics was a peer-reviewed statistics journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics from 1930 to 1972. It was superseded by the Annals of Statistics and the Annals of Probability. In 1938 Samuel Wilks became editor-in-chief of the Annals and recruited a remarkable editorial staff: Fisher Neyman Cramér Hotelling Egon Pearson Georges Darmois Allen T. Craig Deming von Mises H. L. Rietz and Shewhart.
 The Conrad Mountains (German: Conradgebirge Norwegian: Conradfjella) are a narrow chain of mountains 19 miles (31 km) long located between the Gagarin Mountains and Mount Dallmann in Queen Maud Land Antarctica. The Conrad Mountains are a subrange of the Orvin Mountains. With its summit at 3055 metres (10023 ft) the massive Sandeggtind Peak forms the highest point in the Conrad Mountains.
 North Nahanni River is a river in the Northwest Territories of Canada. It is a major tributary of the Mackenzie River
 Mount Patterson was named in 1917 after John Duncan Patterson. It is located in the Waputik Range in Alberta.
 Methuen Memorial Music Hall initially named Serlo Organ Hall was built by Edward Francis Searles to house The Great Organ a very large pipe organ that had been built for the Boston Music Hall. The hall was completed in 1909 and stands at 192 Broadway in Methuen Massachusetts.
 Harry's Game is a British television miniseries made by Yorkshire Television for ITV in 1982. It is based on the novel of the same name by Gerald Seymour which was published in 1975.The three-part serial starred Ray Lonnen as Capt. Harry Brown a British soldier sent undercover to Northern Ireland to find information to arrest Billy Downes (Derek Thompson) a Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) gunman.
 Saint Eric's Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Stockholm Sweden. It is located on Södermalm the southern part of central Stockholm. It was built in 1892 and was raised to the status of a cathedral in 1953 when the Roman Catholic Diocese of Stockholm was created (still the only one in Sweden).
 Recurse is the debut studio album released by American electro-industrial band Finite Automata. It was released on December 29 2012 by Beyond Therapy Records in digital format and released on compact disc on February 22 2013.The album features reworked and re-recorded material from the group's previous demo-release Here Won No One as well as reworked material written between 2007 and 2010.
 Black Creek is a 4.4-mile-long (7.1 km) tributary of the Lehigh River in Carbon County Pennsylvania in the United States.The tributary Quakake Creek is also listed by the Geographic Names Information System as a variant name.Black Creek is formed by the confluence of Beaver Creek and Hazel Creek above Weatherly.Black Creek was named because of the because of the dark pigment in the water.
 Do Me a Favour was the second novel written by Susan Hill published in 1963.
 The Railroad (Hangul: 경의선; RR: Gyeongui-seon) is a 2006 South Korean film starring Kim Kang-woo and Son Tae-young. The second feature film of writer and director Park Heung-sik it was also co-produced and co-edited by his wife Park Gok-ji. The Railroad won the FIPRESCI award and Best Actor for Kim Kang-woo at the 25th Torino Film Festival. The name is taken from the Gyeongui Line.
 Clay Pit Pond also known as Claypit Pond lies between Concord Avenue and Belmont High School. Its waters are notoriously unclean and incidents of students swimming in the pond have resulted in infection. It was used in the past as a source of clay for making bricks. The large pit was flooded with water after operations ceased leaving some equipment behind.
 Sumner is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon beyond the northeastern limb. It is southwest of the larger crater Szilard and southeast of the twin walled plains Fabry and Harkhebi.This crater formation has been heavily damaged by a history of impacts leaving an irregular battered outer rim. A smaller impact crater has merged into the southern rim; the northern rim is little more than an irregular arcing range of ridges.
 The Department Store Historic District is a historic district in the Downtown Hartford neighborhood of the city of Hartford Connecticut USA.It is a 5-acre (2.0 ha) area that in 1995 included three contributing buildings one other contributing structure and one contributing object.
 Yabancı Damat (literally: The Foreign Groom Bulgarian: Брак с чужденец Brak s chujdenets English translation of the Bulgarian title: Marriage with a Foreigner Greek: Τα σύνορα της αγάπης Ta synora tis agapis English translation of the Greek title: The Borders of Love Groom - Home Groom) is a popular Turkish TV series distributed by Erler Film with 106 episodes in total.
 J. R. R. Tolkien: A Biography written by Humphrey Carpenter was first published in 1977. It is called the authorized biography of J. R. R. Tolkien creator of The Lord of the Rings and many other works.[1] It was first published in London by George Allen & Unwin then published in the United States by Houghton Mifflin Company. It has been reprinted many times since.
 The Mansion at Burj Khalifa is an approved residential tower which will be built in Downtown Burj Khalifa in Dubai. The tower will rise 227 metres and will have 60 floors and will contain residential apartments. The tower is structured to be constructed in concrete and will serve as a residential building. The architects involved in designing the tower are Adrian Smith Gordon Gill and will be developed by Emaar.
 The Phantom of Pine Hill is the forty-second volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1965 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
 Time Remembered is a live album by jazz pianist Bill Evans with Chuck Israels and Larry Bunker partially recorded at the Shelly Manne's club in Hollywood California in May 1963 but not released until 1983 on the Milestone label as a 16-track double LP. It would be later reissued on CD in 1999 with only 13 tracks. The trio performances were recorded at the same sessions that produced At Shelly's Manne-Hole (1963) and were first released on The Complete Riverside Recordings (1987).
 Palmer Lake is a lake in Okanogan County in the U.S. state of Washington.Known as Haipwil to the local Indians Palmer Lake is named for James Palmer who had a cattle ranch at the north end of the lake around 1875.
 Amphicyoninae is a subfamily of extinct Amphicyonidae large terrestrial carnivores (bear-dogs) belonging to the suborder Caniformia (meaning dog-like) and which inhabited North America Europe Eurasia Asia. and Africa from ~22.4—4.9 Ma. Amphicyoninae existed for approximately ~17.5 million years.Amphicyoninae was named by Trouessart (1885).
 The Birțu River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Prithviraj Chavan (Marathi: पृथ्वीराज चव्हाण)(born 17 March 1946) is the 22nd and current Chief Minister of Maharashtra a state in Western India. A member of the Indian National Congress party he was chosen by its president Sonia Gandhi to replace Chief Minister Ashok Chavan in 2010 following the latter's involvement in the Adarsh scam. He was previously a member of the Rajya Sabha (the upper house of the India's Parliament) and served as the Minister of State in the Prime Minister's Office.
 Cross Game (クロスゲーム Kurosu Gēmu) is a romantic comedy baseball manga series by Mitsuru Adachi that was serialized by Shogakukan in Weekly Shōnen Sunday between 11 May 2005 (issue 22/23) and 17 February 2010 (issue 12). It is collected in 17 tankōbon volumes with the final volume published in April 2010 shortly after the end of the anime series. It received the 54th Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen manga in 2009 and has been praised internationally as quietly brilliant and a great success.
 Talk Like Blood is the fifth full-length album by 31knots. It was released on October 11 2005 by Polyvinyl Records in the US and by Own Records in Europe.
 Next Time Ned is a Scottish feature film written and directed by Thomas McCue and starring Raymond Mearns. It featured Glasgow band San Sebastian on its soundtrack. The theme tune of I belong to Glasgow was recorded by Glasgow band Funkilicious. The film was premiered on 8 May 2009 at Jumping Jak's in Glasgow.
 Orahovljani (Donji Vakuf) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 St Stephen Walbrook is a church in the City of London part of the Church of England's Diocese of London. The present domed building was erected to the designs of Sir Christopher Wren following the destruction of its medieval predecessor in the Great Fire of London in 1666. It is located in Walbrook next to the Mansion House and near to Bank and Monument Underground stations.
 The Girl Most Likely is Claudja Barry's second album released in 1977. It was originally released in the United States under the title Claudja.
 The Männlichen is a 2343 metre mountain in the Swiss Alps located within the Canton of Berne.It can be reached from Wengen by the Wengen–Männlichen aerial cableway or from Grindelwald using the Grindelwald–Männlichen gondola cableway (GM). It then takes 15 minutes to walk to the summit. It is a popular viewpoint over the Lauterbrunnen valley and a popular start location for hikers and skiers.
 The Bat Whispers (1930) is a mystery film directed by Roland West produced by Joseph M. Schenck and released by United Artists. The film is based on the 1920 mystery play The Bat written by Avery Hopwood and Mary Roberts Rinehart.
 Paracincia dognini is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Field in 1950. It is found on Jamaica.
 Mount Nikkō-Shirane (日光白根山 Nikkō-Shirane-san) is a shield volcano in the Nikkō National Park in central Honshū the main island of Japan. It stands at 2578m high and is one of the 100 famous mountains in Japan.It should not be confused with Mount Kusatsu-Shirane elsewhere in Gunma Prefecture.
 Hartmannswillerkopf also known as the Vieil Armand or Hartmannsweilerkopf is a pyramidal rocky spur in the Vosges mountains of Alsace. The peak stands at 956 metres (3136 ft) overlooking the Rhine valley. At Hartmannswillerkopf stands a national monument of World War I for the fighting which took place in the trenches here.
 Haj Mohammed Effendi Amin el-Husseini (Arabic: محمد أمين الحسيني‎ Muhammad Amin al-Husayni; c. 1897; – 4 July 1974) was a Palestinian Arab nationalist and Muslim leader in Mandatory Palestine.Al-Husseini was the scion of a family of Jerusalemite notables. After receiving an education in Islamic Ottoman and Catholic schools he went on to serve in the Ottoman army in World War I. At war's end he positioned himself in Damascus as a supporter of the Arab Kingdom of Syria.
 Pondatti Rajyam is a 1992 Tamil language drama film directed by K. S. Ravikumar. The film features Saravanan Ranjitha K. S. Ravikumar Raja Raveendar and Chithra in lead roles. The film produced by K. Prabhakaran had musical score by Deva and was released on 15 August 1992.
 Kartanonherra ja kaunis Kirstin (Finnish: The Lord of the Mansion and the Beautiful Kirstin) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
 Brady Piñero Walkinshaw is an American politician who was selected in December 2013 to serve in the Washington House of Representatives representing the 43rd legislative district in downtown Seattle.A Democrat his appointment was a result of state senator Ed Murray's election as Mayor of Seattle in the 2013 mayoral election.
 Vibhavari Dave is a Member of Legislative assembly from Bhavnagar (North) constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
 The Retinal Circus is a live album by Canadian musician Devin Townsend. It was released on September 30 2013 in Europe and on October 29 2013 in North America. The audio and video material were recorded at Roundhouse London on October 27 2012 when Townsend performed a special one-night-only concert celebrating and covering his 20-year musical career.
 The Wonboyn River an open youthful wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial stream is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Middle Fork Eel River is a major tributary of the Eel River of northwestern California in the United States. It drains a rugged and sparsely populated region of the Yolla Bolly Mountains part of the California Coast Range in Trinity and Mendocino Counties. Its watershed comprises roughly 745 square miles (1930 km2) of land or 20% of the entire Eel River basin.
 The Old Stone Hotel also known as the Warren Community Building or Warren House Hotel was constructed in 1851 as a stagecoach station. It was located closely to the crossing of two stagecoach routes near the Illinois-Wisconsin border in the village of Warren Illinois USA. The building was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Doon River is a river in the Southland Region of New Zealand. It arises near Mount Donald and flows south-east into the south-west arm of Lake Te Anau.The river was explored by Quintin McPherson McKinnon and G. Tucker in 1887.In 2002 the rainfall at Doon River was 8719 mm the highest in that year of any area in New Zealand with a regularly reporting rain gauge.
 Mount Franklin is a mountain located in Coös County New Hampshire. The mountain is named after Benjamin Franklin and is part of the Presidential Range of the White Mountains. Note that Ben Franklin was not a president. Mount Franklin is flanked to the northeast by Mount Monroe and to the southwest by Mount Eisenhower.Mt. Franklin drains on the northwest side into the Ammonoosuc River thence into the Connecticut River and into Long Island Sound in Connecticut.
 Aideen Hayden (born 1959) is an Irish solicitor chairperson of the Threshold housing agency and Labour Party politician.From County Carlow Hayden is a graduate of University College Dublin.She unsuccessfully contest the 2011 Seanad election for the Industrial and Commercial Panel. In May 2011 she was nominated by the Taoiseach Enda Kenny to the 24th Seanad. She is the Labour Party Seanad spokesperson on Housing Children and Youth Affairs.
 Bergman Rock's second album Bonjour Baberiba Pt II was recorded in only seven days.
 The Central East Correctional Centre (as known colloquially as the Lindsay Superjail or simply Lindsay) is a medium/maximum security prison located in Lindsay Ontario.
 The Co-cathedral of St. Joseph of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn located at 856 Pacific Street between Vanderbilt and Underhill Avenues in the Prospect Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City was built in 1912 in the Spanish Colonial style replacing a previous church built in 1861.
 The Eustace Diamonds is a novel by Anthony Trollope first published in 1871 as a serial in the Fortnightly Review. It is the third of the Palliser series of novels.
 Spangles is a 1926 silent film drama produced and distributed by Universal Pictures. It was directed by Frank O'Connor and starred Marian Nixon Pat O'Malley and Hobart Bosworth.A surviving silent film preserved at UCLA Film and Television and out on dvd.
 Kao is an island and stratovolcano in Tonga. It reaches 1030 m (3379 ft) above sea level the highest point in Tonga. The date of its last eruption is unknown and fresh lava flows are not seen but the absence of deep erosional gullies or high sea cliffs suggests a very recent origin. It lies about 6 km (3.7 mi) north of Tofua island. The slopes of the island rise at angles exceeding 35 degrees to the summit which has a series of small volcanic craters.
 Michael Mike E. Noel (born October 17 1947 in Ogden Utah) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives representing District 73 since January 1 2003.
 Huntin' Fool Magazine is a monthly magazine dedicated to big game hunting in the Western United States. Huntin’ Fool is a resource for non-resident hunters as well as those interested in trophy hunting. The publication focuses on big game hunting in Arizona California Colorado Idaho Kansas Montana Nevada New Mexico Oregon Utah Washington and Wyoming.
 When I Was Young in the Mountains is a 1982 children's book. It was the first book written by Cynthia Rylant who has written over 60 children's books such as Missing May which won the Newbery Medal. The book which Rylant later said took her but an hour to complete earned an American Book Award in 1982 and Diane Goode's illustrations won it a Caldecott Honor.The book tells the story of the main character's youth in West Virginia in the Appalachian Mountains.
 Roy W. Cornell was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He was a 1961 graduate of Hatboro-Horsham High School and attended Santa Ana Junior College. He graduated from Temple University and from the North Philadelphia Board of Realtors School. He was first elected to represent the 152nd legislative district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1978. He was the House Republican Caucus Secretary from 1993–94 and was elected Republican Policy Chairman in 1997.
 Prisons We Choose to Live Inside is a collection of five essays by the British writer Doris Lessing which were previously delivered as the 1985 Massey Lectures.
 The Fanellhorn is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps of Graubünden Switzerland south of Vals. Its summit can be reached by hikers using a signposted path that comes from Guraletschsee and reaches the ridge Fanellgrätli on 2710 meters leading to the peak from northeast(Swiss grade T4 signposted blue and white from point 2710 before it is red and white and T2).
 Calyptra albivirgata is a moth of the Noctuoidea family. It is found in Asia including China and Japan.
 Old Hattiesburg High School located at 846 North Main Street in Hattiesburg Mississippi was utilized as a public school building from around 1911 to 1959. The building was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 1986 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. In 2007 the structure was heavily damaged by arson.
 Czerwone [t͡ʂɛrˈvɔnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kolno and 92 km (57 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 1001.
 Andrija Hebrang (22 October 1899 - 1949?) was a Jewish Croatian and Yugoslav communist politician. A member of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia until his dismissal he served as the 4th Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Croatia.
 Minor Earth  Major Sky is the sixth album by Norwegian band a-ha released in 2000. It sold 2 million copies worldwide.
 Maurice Carmel Timbs AO (1917 – 1994) was a senior Australian public servant and administrator.
 Gingerdead Man is a 2005 horror-comedy film starring Gary Busey. It is followed by Gingerdead Man 2: Passion of the Crust and Gingerdead Man 3: Saturday Night Cleaver. The Gingerdead Man was released on DVD by Shoot Productions.
 I Love You (Croatian: Volim te) is a Croatian drama film directed by Dalibor Matanic. It was released in 2005.
 Dominus Flevit is a Roman Catholic church on the Mount of Olives opposite the walls of the Old City of Jerusalem. The church was designed and constructed between 1953 and 1955 by the Italian architect Antonio Barluzzi and is held in trust by the Franciscan Custody of the Holy Land. During construction of the sanctuary archaeologists uncovered artifacts dating back to the Canaanite period as well as tombs from the Second Temple and Byzantine eras.
 Charaxes fuscus is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Central African Republic. The habitat consists of lowland evergreen forests.
 Siah Keshan (Persian: سياه كشان‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Keshān) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 18 in 6 families.
 Radomice [radɔˈmit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września within Września County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Jefferson Airplane is the eighth and final studio album by San Francisco rock band Jefferson Airplane released on Epic Records in 1989. Both the album and the accompanying reunion tour featured the 1967-1970 lineup of the group with the exception of former drummer Spencer Dryden.
 Music & Me was the third solo album by American singer Michael Jackson released in 1973 on the Motown label selling two million copies worldwide. The album was reissued in 2009 as part of the 3-disc compilation Hello World: The Motown Solo Collection.
 The Coalcomán River is a river of Mexico.
 Third Time Lucky is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Bobby Howes Dorothy Boyd and Gordon Harker. It was based on a play by Arnold Ridley. The film's sets were designed by art director Walter Murton.
 Cham Gaz (Persian: چم گز‎ also Romanized as Cham-e Gaz) is a village in Jelogir Rural District in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 354 in 79 families.
 Sulestes is an extinct genus of Deltatheridiidae from Cretaceous of Uzbekistan.
 Chraponianka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Skrwa Prawa.
 Moon over Parador is a 1988 romantic comedy film starring Richard Dreyfuss Raúl Juliá and Sonia Braga. It is a remake of the 1939 film The Magnificent Fraud based on the unpublished short story entitled Caviar for His Excellency by Charles G. Booth.
 Baile na hAbhann (anglicized as Ballynahown) is a Gaeltacht village and townland about 31 km west of Galway Ireland on the R336 regional road between Inverin (Indreabhán) and Costelloe. The name means river settlement.The Irish-language television channel TG4 has its headquarters here.It is served by Bus Éireann route 424 from Galway City.
 Sheila Jackson Lee (born January 12 1950) is the U.S. Representative for Texas's 18th congressional district serving since 1995. The district includes most of inner-city Houston. She is a member of the Democratic Party.
 The Großer Homburg is a hill 403 m above sea level in the Homburgwald part of the Weser Uplands in the German state of Lower Saxony.The Großer Homburg is located in the district of Holzminden above and north of the town of Stadtoldendorf and a couple of kilometres south of Eschershausen.On the summit of the Großer Homburg are the castle ruins of the Homburg.
 Holy Assumption Orthodox Church also known as Church of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary is a Russian Orthodox church in Kenai Kenai Peninsula Borough Alaska USA. The site was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
 The Ex is a 2006 comedy film directed by Jesse Peretz and starring Zach Braff Amanda Peet and Jason Bateman. The film had a wide release planned for January 19 2007 and then March 9 2007. It was originally promoted under the working title Fast Track. It was released on May 11 2007. Co-stars include Charles Grodin (in his first ever film since 1994) Donal Logue and Mia Farrow.The film generally received negative reviews from critics. It had an international gross of $5142074.
 Crashdïet is an EP by the band of the same name. Only 500 copies of this EP were pressed.
 Drow of the Underdark is the name of two supplemental rules books for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game providing supplementary game rules focusing on drow culture equipment and folklore for both players and Dungeon Masters.
 Smardzew [ˈsmard͡zɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów within Białobrzegi County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Radzanów 7 km (4 mi) south-west of Białobrzegi and 69 km (43 mi) south of Warsaw.The village has a population of 200.
 Steel Ghosts is a horror novel by the American writer John Michael Curlovich under the pen name Michael Paine.Set in contemporary Western Pennsylvania in the fictional mill town of Steadbridge it tells the story of New York film executive Tom Kruvener who returns to his hometown to convert the abandoned United American Steelworks No. 5 into a movie studio for Overbrook Pictures. But the ghosts of the industrial past don’t want to be disturbed.
 Lötsjön is a small lake in Sundbyberg a municipality north of Stockholm Sweden. The shallow lake features a rich variety of water birds and a fountain. A promenade of approx. 1.4 km length leads around Lötsjön.Swimming in the lake is prohibited.The lake Råstasjön is located in close proximity to the east of Lötsjön.
 The Middle Fork Koyukuk River is a 62-mile (100 km) tributary of the Koyukuk River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Formed by the confluence of the Bettles and Dietrich rivers near Wiseman on the southern flank of the Brooks Range the Middle Fork flows generally southwest to its confluence with the North Fork Koyukuk River with which it forms the main stem of the Koyukuk.From its starting point slightly north of Sukakpak Mountain the river flows generally south or southwest in its upper reaches.
 Ellerbrockgraben is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Stegotrachelus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.
 The Starred Wood Quail (Odontophorus stellatus) is a species of bird in the Odontophoridae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Rioxa is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 for the play see Farewell My Lovely (play).Farewell My Lovely is a 1940 novel by Raymond Chandler the second novel he wrote featuring Los Angeles private eye Philip Marlowe. It was adapted for the screen three times.
 An Cư is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Tịnh Biên District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Matahpi Peak (9365 feet (2854 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Below the summit of Matahpi Peak lies Sexton Glacier. Going-to-the-Sun Mountain is just over 1 mile (1.6 km) to the south of Matahpi Peak.
 Black Drops is an album by organist Charles Earland which was recorded in 1970 and released on the Prestige label.
 Agdistis obstinata is a moth in the Pterophoridae family. It is known from South Africa Kenya Tanzania Uganda Saudi Arabia Yemen and Ethiopia.
 Pariente's fork-marked lemur (Phaner parienti) or the Sambirano fork-marked lemur is a species of lemur endemic to the Sambirano region of north-western Madagascar. This lemur has light brown to gray upperparts a prominent facial fork and dorsal stripe that runs from the tail's tip to the point where it splits on the lemur's head to rejoin at the nose and a white-tipped tail. It is found in lowland and mid-altitude humid forests and is nocturnal.
 Mohammad Riad al-Shaqfeh (Arabic: محمد رياض الشقفة) is the current leader of the Muslim Brotherhood in Syria. He was born in 1944 in Hama. He is the eleventh Supreme Guide of the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood taking over from Ali Sadreddine Al-Bayanouni in August 2010. Mohammad Farouk Tayfour currently serves as his deputy.
 Morgensternhöhe is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Lucimia [luˈt͡ɕimja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk within Zwoleń County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Przyłęk 20 km (12 mi) south-east of Zwoleń and 119 km (74 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Fort De La Boulaye Site also known as Mississippi Fort is the site of a fort built by the French in 1700 to take possession of the Mississippi. Native Americans forced the French to vacate the fort by 1707.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960.
 Yelovsky (Russian: Еловский) is a shield volcano in central Kamchatka. The volcano is the edifice among several overlapping small basaltic shield volcanoes. Elovsky is located at the east of the crest of the Sredinny Range.
 Aleksandra Piłsudska (1882–1963) née Szczerbińska was the second wife of Józef Piłsudski.Aleksandra was born December 12 1882 in Suwałki in the Suwałki Governorate Russian Empire (now in Poland) and was the seventh child of Piotr Paweł and Julia Jadwiga née Zahorska.Aleksandra's father was a townsman and her mother came from the nobility but both their families were relatively poor.
 Redball is a 1999 Australian film.Jon Hewitt wrote the script after seeing Belinda McClory in Janus on TV.Most of the budget came from private sources with $100000 from Film Victoria. The movie was shot on mini-DV.
 Oliver Aiken Howland CMG (April 18 1847 – March 9 1905) was a Toronto lawyer and political figure. He represented Toronto South in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1894 to 1898 and was mayor of Toronto from 1901 to 1902.He was born in Lambton Mills Canada West (later Etobicoke) in 1847 the son of Sir William Pearce Howland and was educated at Upper Canada College and the University of Toronto.
 Basket Case published in 2002 is the ninth novel by Carl Hiaasen. It is a classic Hiaasen crime novel set in Florida and centers on the death of singer James Stomarti (aka Jimmy Stoma) an ostensibly washed-up former lead man of Jimmy and the Slut Puppies.
 Charles Francis McCarthy was an American newspaper reporter and politician who served in bth branches of the Massachusetts Great and General Court and as the eighteenth Mayor of Marlborough Massachusetts.
 Richfield Tower also known as the Richfield Oil Company Building was constructed between 1928 and 1929 and served as the headquarters of Richfield Oil. It was designed by Stiles O. Clements and featured a black and gold Art Deco façade. The unusual color scheme was meant to symbolize the black gold that was Richfield's business. Haig Patigian did the exterior sculptures.
 This Is Your Way Out is the first EP record by Emarosa released May 1 2007. This is the only release that original members Chris Roetter and Madison Stolzer recorded with Emarosa. Roetter has since formed metalcore bands Agraceful and Like Moths to Flames. This is the band's only release to feature heavy metalcore influences and is also the only release by the group to be produced by Joey Sturgis.
 Sus strozzi was a species of pig native to the Mediterranean region of Europe. It was more primitive than the modern boar and was eventually displaced by the latter when it entered Europe during the start of the Pleistocene 1 Mya.
 Amakusaplana acroporae the Acropora-eating flatworm or AEFW is a species of free-living marine turbellarian flatworms in the genus Amakusaplana.This species preys on the genus Acropora in reef aquariums.
 Darent Valley Hospital is a 478 bed acute district general hospital in Dartford Kent England.The hospital has an Emergency Department.The hospital is run by the Dartford & Gravesham NHS Trust with an annual budget of about £121 million and employs 1900 staff.
 Blessed by Fire (Spanish: Iluminados por el fuego) (2005) is an Argentine film about the Falklands War written and directed by Tristán Bauer. The film features Gastón Pauls Pablo Ribba César Albarracín and Hugo Carrizo among others. It is based on a book written by a veteran of the war.The film was nominated for 22 awards and won 14 of them.
 The Gum Thief is Canadian author Douglas Coupland's twelfth novel. It was published on September 25 2007 (2007-09-25) by Random House Canada in Canada and Bloomsbury Publishing in the United States.An epistolary novel The Gum Thief is written as a collection of journal entries notes and letters written by various characters.
 Bohemannia pulverosella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found from Fennoscandia to the Iberian Peninsula the Alps Slovenia and Bulgaria and from Ireland to central Russia and Ukraine.The wingspan is 6–7 mm.The larvae feed on Malus domestica Malus x purpurea and Malus sylvestris. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a narrow strongly contorted corridor. The corridor abruptly widens into an elongate blotch that often runs over the initial corridor.
 Gug Bagh (Persian: گوگ باغ‎ also Romanized as Gūg Bāgh) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 290 in 78 families.
 Kern Lake originally Laguna de los Tulares was the smallest of the three large lakes in the Tulare Basin in the southwestern San Joaquin Valley of California.It was the first of the lakes fed by the Kern River. Kern Lake is now a dry lake bed due to agricultural diversion of the Kern River waters and the aquifer.
 The U.S. Post Office located at 380 Hamilton Ave. is the main post office in Palo Alto California. The post office was constructed from 1932 to 1933 and was designed by Palo Alto architect Birge M. Clark; during the Great Depression the Post Office department hired local architects to design post offices rather than designing them in Washington.
 Tossal de Mirapallars i Urgell is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1672 metres above sea level.
 Too Many Kisses is a 1925 silent comedy directed by Paul Sloane and based on John Monk Saunders's story. A Maker of Gestures. It is notable for being the earliest surviving film to feature Harpo Marx.
 Scarlett's Duck (Malacorhynchus scarletti) is an extinct duck species from New Zealand which was closely related to the Australian Pink-eared Duck (Malacorhynchus membranaceus). The scientific name commemorates the late New Zealand ornithologist and palaeontologist Ron Scarlett who discovered the holotype in 1941. However previously undescribed bones of the species found in 1903 were rediscovered in the Otago Museum in 1998.
 Mazraeh-ye Aliabad (Persian: مزرعه علي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ‘Alīābād; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 16 in 4 families.
 Rec (レック) is a Japanese manga about an aspiring voice actress by Q-Tarō Hanamizawa. A nine-episode anime adaptation by Shaft aired between February and March 2006; an original video animation episode was also produced.
 Love & Respect: The Love She Most Desires; The Respect He Desperately Needs was written in 2004 by Dr. Emerson Eggerichs. The book suggests a direct connection between the emotional needs of men and women and a verse of scripture found in the Bible that when adhered to can strengthen and transform relationships.Ephesians 5:33 Each one of you also must love his wife as he loves himself and the wife must respect her husband.Dr.
 Koprivnica is a village in the municipality of Zaječar Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village had a population of 532 people.
 Dawn Purvis (born 1967) was an Independent Unionist member of the Northern Ireland Assembly. She was previously the leader of the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP) until she resigned in 2010. She lost her seat in the Assembly in the 2011 election.
 Holy Trinity Church is an Anglican parish church in the centre of Kingston upon Hull East Riding of Yorkshire England.
 Born to Be Wild – A Retrospective is a 1991 greatest hits album by Steppenwolf.
 ReCALL is an academic journal of the European Association for Computer Assisted Language Learning published by Cambridge University Press. The journal's main focus is the use of technologies for language learning and teaching. It was established in 1989 and previously published by the CTI Centre of the University of Hull. It publishes approximately 20 articles per year. The articles cover various aspects of CALL (computer-assisted language learning) and technology enhanced language learning.
 Itsuwaribito (いつわりびと◆空◆ Itsuwaribito Utsuho) is a manga series created by Yuuki Iinuma. The manga officially ended on August 20 2013 with a total of 222 chapters and 23 volumes.
 God on My Side is a documentary directed and produced by Australian agnostic Andrew Denton which follows his trip to the 2006 National Religious Broadcasters Convention in Texas. The 63rd National Religious Broadcasters Convention delegates comprised some 6000 Christian communicators.God On My Side premiered at the 53rd Sydney Film Festival on 15 June 2006 and was released in Australian cinemas on 2 November 2006.
 Howling is the ninth studio album released by The Saints. The album was their first release after an eight-year recording hiatus. This time Bailey choose to lose the big-production of the 1980s records to make an album that was more akin to the early Saints punk sound. However instead of teaming up with the original members Bailey again employed a new line-up for the band making this The Saints Mark III.
 Le Radical ('The Radical') was a French language conservative daily newspaper published from Port Louis Mauritius. The newspaper was founded in 1898 by F. L. Morel who served as its editor-in-chief during its initial period. Le Radical was mainly dedicated to politics. It contained some articles in English. In 1909 a second daily edition was launched.
 William Welles Hollister (1818–1886) was a native of Ohio who came west in the 1850s and became a wealthy rancher and entrepreneur in California.
 Strzeżnice [stʂɛʐˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Będzino 10 km (6 mi) north-west of Koszalin and 134 km (83 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 80.
 Soul (Chinese: 失魂) is a 2013 Taiwanese horror film written and directed by Chung Mong-Hong. The film was selected as the Taiwanese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated. The film was screened in the Vanguard section of the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Lú Mùzhēn (simplified Chinese: 卢慕贞; traditional Chinese: 盧慕貞) (30 July 1867 - 7 September 1952) was the first wife of Chinese revolutionary Sun Yat-sen.Lu Muzhen was born on 30 July 1867. She married Sun when he was 19 and bore him a son Sun Fo and two daughters Sun Yan (simplified Chinese: 孙延; traditional Chinese: 孫延; pinyin: Sūn Yán) and Sun Wan (simplified Chinese: 孙琬; traditional Chinese: 孫琬; pinyin: Sūn Wǎn).
 Kamchybek Tashiev (born September 27 1968) is a Kyrgyzstani politician and current head of the political party Ata-Jurt. He is a citizen of Kyrgyzstan and father of four sons. 1987-1989's he served in the Soviet Army. 1992nd he graduated from the Tomsk State University with a degree in chemical engineering.
 Francis Itty Cora (the most accepted English rendering of the Malayalam title ഫ്രാൻസിസ് ഇട്ടിക്കോര) is a bestselling mystery novel in Malayalam by author T. D. Ramakrishnan. The 2009 novel received considerable acclaims from critics for its unprecedented incorporation of many global historical characters and knowledge available to the present Malayalam readers for weaving the story line.
 Hildesheimer Allgemeine Zeitung is a German newspaper published in Hildesheim Germany. It was established as Hildesheimer Relations Courier first published on 24 June 1705.
 Jeremiah T. O'Grady (born June 30 1970) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing District 46 since January 2011.
 Simple Genius is a 2007 crime fiction novel by the American writer David Baldacci which topped the New York Times bestseller list for the week ending April 28 2007 Simple Genius was described by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette as simply entertaining. Simple Genius continues the story of the characters Michelle Maxwell and Sean King from its predecessors Split Second and Hour Game and combines themes such as quantum computers protective codes breaking those codes the CIA psychological demons and even buried treasure.
 George Sylvester Taylor (March 2 1822 – January 3 1910) became the first mayor of Chicopee Massachusetts on January 5 1891.He was born in Chicopee Falls Massachusetts one of ten children of Sylvestor Taylor (1793–1881) and Sarah Eaton (1793–1870). He married Asenath Boylston Cobb (1826–1898) on November 25 1845 with whom he had six children.
 Psychology Public Policy and Law is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It publishes original empirical papers reviews and meta-analyses on the contribution of psychological science to law and public policy.
 Aakkramanam (1981) is an Indian film in the Malayalam language by Sreekumaran Thampi starring Madhu Jayan Balan K. Nair Sathar Sreevidya and Jayabharathi.
 Strange Mercy is the third studio album by musician St. Vincent released by 4AD on September 12 2011 in the United Kingdom and a day later in the United States. The album's cover art was designed by St. Vincent and was photographed by Tina Tyrell. The album peaked at #19 on the Billboard 200 making it St. Vincent's highest charting album yet only to be surpassed by her next solo album St. Vincent. In addition Strange Mercy also received significant critical acclaim.
 Chen Cheng-jia (Chinese: 陳成家; pinyin: Chén Chéngjiā) is a politician in the Republic of China. He currently serves as the Administrative Deputy Minister of the Council of Indigenous Peoples of the Executive Yuan.
 North Star is a studio album by Curved Air and was released on 17 March 2014. It was the first studio album of mostly new material since the band reformed in 2008.
 Lago di Nicito was a lake in the Province of Catania Sicily Italy.It formed in 406 BC when part of the course of the river Amenano became blocked following an eruption of Etna and had a circumference of around 6 km with a depth of around 15m. Then in 1669 a second massive eruption of Etna and one of the most devastating in history filled the lake up.It received its name from Nike as the lake was renowned for its quality of boat racing.
 Hazem Abdel Aziz Al Beblawi (also spelled el Beblawi; Arabic: حازم عبد العزيز الببلاوى‎ pronounced [ˈħæːzem ʕæbdel.ʕæˈziːz elbebˈlæːwi]; born 17 October 1936) is an Egyptian economist and politician who was interim Prime Minister of Egypt from 2013 until 1 March 2014. Previously he served as deputy prime minister and minister of finance in 2011. After the July 2013 ouster of President Mohammed Morsi and his government Beblawi was named interim prime minister.
 Cyamops funkae is a species of fly.
 Greatest is a 1990 compilation album by the rock group The Go-Go's from California United States.
 Wild About Harry is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show which was first released in November 2003. It is a two-disc set which represents original material recorded during their syndicated daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air. This CD's theme is honoring the many people who do impersonations of late sportscaster Harry Caray.
 Deadman Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Duan Junyi (Chinese: 段君毅; March 13 1910 – March 8 2004) was a politician of the People's Republic of China. After the fall of Gang of Four Duan served as the Minister of Railways of China. In October 1978 he became the first secretary of CPC Henan Committee director of Henan Revolutionary Committee and the first political commissar of the provincial military region.
 Sucker Punch is the second album released by the band Haji's Kitchen.
 The Edward Dodge House was built out of cobblestone in 1848. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. Currently it serves as the Visitor's Center for the city of Port Washington Wisconsin United States.
 Actinoptilum is a genus of sea pens in the family Echinoptilidae containing the single species: Actinoptilum molle (Kükenthal 1902)↑
 Dipteropeltis hirundo is a little-known species of fish louse. It is an ectoparasite of fish in South America including piranhas and Pseudoplatystoma fasciatum.
 Italia-Germania 4-3 is a 1990 Italian comedy film directed by Andrea Barzini. The title is inspired by the semi-finals of the 1970 FIFA World Cup.
 Millard Evelyn Tydings (April 6 1890 – February 9 1961) was an attorney author soldier state legislator and served as a Democratic Representative and Senator in the United States Congress from Maryland serving in the Senate from 1927 to 1951.
 Hospital Kiang Wu (Chinese: 鏡湖醫院) a privately owned hospital located in Macau Peninsula is one of three hospitals in Macau China. Founded in 1871 the hospital is run by the Kiang Wu Charitable Association and offered Chinese medicial services. Renowned doctor Sun Yat-Sen brought Western medicine services to the hospital.
 John L. Olson (December 4 1906 – July 2 1981) was a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota Senate from southwestern Minnesota. First elected in 1958 when he defeated incumbent senator A. A. Andy Anderson of Luverne Olson was re-elected in 1962 1966 1970 and 1972.
 There and Back Again is the first studio album and second album overall by Phil Lesh and Friends. It was released by Columbia Records in 2002.
 Les Sincères is a comedic play by French playwright Pierre Marivaux. Played in one act and in prose it was performed for the first time by the Comédiens italiens on January 13 1739 at the Hotel de Bourgogne in Paris.In this play Marivaux focuses on what happens to love when the main virtue in which the characters pride themselves is absolute sincerity. The ultimate result is a negative one. The whole play is based on the theme of sincerity or “the insincerity of being sincere”.
 The Browncroft Historic District is a national historic district located in the Browncroft Neighborhood of Rochester New York. The district contains 518 contributing buildings two contributing sites two contributing objects and two contributing structures over 116 acres. It includes 417 residential properties constructed between 1914 and World War II.The neighborhood's original developer Charles J. Brown former president of the National Nurserymen's Association gave it its name.
 Keep in a Dry Place and Away From Children is an award-winning 1998 short film by Martin Davies. The film features a soundtrack by Pram who released the music as an EP in 1999. Reception for the short was positive with the film winning several awards at various film festivals.
 Bejean (ビージーン Bijin) is a Japanese monthly men's magazine which originally started publication under the name Beppin (ベッピン Beppin).
 Syncrenis is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Fornes is a village in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the northeastern part of the large island of Hinnøya at the confluence of the Risøysundet Sortlandssundet and Gavlfjorden. The village is the home of Fornes Chapel.
 Anne R. Kaiser (born February 10 1968) is an American politician from the state of Maryland and is a lifelong resident of Montgomery County Maryland.
 Elephants Delicatessen is a local delicatessen chain based in Portland Oregon in the United States established in 1979. Its flagship store is located on Northwest 22nd Avenue.
 Major Motion Picture is an EP by Punchline.
 Inamorata is the 18th album by the country rock band Poco. Featuring guest spots by former members Timothy B. Schmitt Richie Furay and George Grantham (the only member missing from the classic years line up was Jim Messina) this would be the last album that the band would record for Atlantic Records. After this the original line up (Richie Furay Rusty Young Jim Messina Randy Meisner and George Grantham)would reform for the 1989 release Legacy.
 St Michael's Church is the principal Anglican church for Camden Town.
 A Culture of Conspiracy: Apocalyptic Visions in Contemporary America is a 2003 non-fiction book written by Michael Barkun professor emeritus of political science at the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs.Its publisher the University of California Press and scholarly critics describe the book as the most comprehensive and authoritative examination of contemporary American conspiracism to date by a leading expert on the subject.
 Bhakti Mein Shakti is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by and starring Dara Singh.
 Metaphidippus manni is a species of jumping spider found in North America.
 Mantidactylus decaryi is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Quasicooronga is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 Kord Ahmad-e Olya (Persian: كرداحمدعليا‎ also Romanized as Kord Aḩmad-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kord Aḩmad-e Bālā) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District in the Central District of Ahar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 13 families.
 Church of St. Joseph of the Visitationists (Polish: Kościół Opieki św. Józefa w Warszawie) commonly known as the Visitationist Church (Polish: Kościół Wizytek) is a Roman Catholic church in Warsaw Poland situated at Krakowskie Przedmieście 34. One of the most notable rococo churches in Poland's capital its construction was begun in 1664 and completed in 1761.
 Saint Peter of Nora (Spanish: Iglesia de San Pedro de Nora) is a Roman Catholic Pre-Romanesque church located in Las Regueras Spain beside the Nora river about 12 km from Oviedo. The church is recorded for the first time in a donation document of Alfonso III of Asturias in 905. Given its similarities with the church of San Julián de los Prados and the church of Santa María de Bendones it was probably built in the times of Alfonso II of Asturias.
 The Navia is a river in northern Spain flowing from Galicia into the Autonomous Community of Asturias.
 Race Rebels: Culture Politics and the Black Working Class is a 1994 non-fiction book by American writer Robin D. G. Kelley. The book a cohesive adaptation of several articles previously published by Kelley concerns the impact made by black members of the American working class on American politics and culture. Kelley's work does not focus solely on race but considers the compound impact of race class and gender.
 Last Show At The Glasshouse was Jeffries Fan Club's last album.
 The Veredin River is a tributary of the Mehadica River in Romania.
 The Aaron Hill House is an historic house at 17 Brown Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. It was built c. 1754 and was originally a two story structure with a steeply pitched roof. It was moved c. 1867 from its original location at 99 Brattle Street at which time the third story was added giving the roof a gambrel shape.
 London Calling (2006) is a young adult novel by Edward Bloor.
 Robert William Rob Bishop (born July 13 1951) is the U.S. Representative for Utah's 1st congressional district serving since 2003. He is a member of the Republican Party.
 The Kearns-St. Ann's Orphanage at 430 East 2100 South in South Salt Lake Utah was built in 1890. It was designed by architect Carl M. Neuhausen. Later serving as St. Ann's School it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.According to its NRHP nomination the orphanage is significant partly for its architecture with modest decorative elements allud[ing] to Renaissance and Mannerist styles using Neuhausen's rare-for-Utah skills.
 Navinchandra Ramgoolam GCSK MP FRCP (born: 14 July 1947) is the Prime Minister of Mauritius he is concurrently Minister of Defence Home Affairs and External Communications and Minister of Rodrigues Outer Islands & Dependencies. Ramgoolam is the leader of the Labour Party. He was appointed Leader of the Opposition from 1991 to 1995.
 The Orphan of Anyang is a 2001 Chinese film from Sixth Generation writer-director Wang Chao. It is Wang's first feature film as director (he had previously served as an assistant director to Chen Kaige) and is based on a novel written by the director. The film constitutes the first part of a loose trilogy on life in modern China followed by Day and Night (2004) and Luxury Car (2006). The film was produced by the independent Beijing-based Laurel Films founded by screenwriter Fang Li.
 Irechek (Bulgarian: Иречек) is a village in Kavarna Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria located about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) north of Kavarna. It lies to the west of Vranino south of Vidno and to the northeast of Mogilishte. As of 2007 it had a population of 26 people covering an area of 12.062 square kilometres (4.657 sq mi) The population is gradually decreasing as younger people move away to the cities.
 Aleucanitis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Mahadeva Temple is located in the town of Itagi in Yalburga Taluk in the Koppal District of Karnataka state India. It is about 7 km (4 mi) from Kuknur and 20 km (12 mi) from Lakkundi.
 Kameyama Castle (亀山城 Kameyama-jō) is a Japanese castle located in Kameyama northern Mie Prefecture Japan. At the end of the Edo period Kameyama Castle was home to the Ishikawa clan daimyō of Ise-Kameyama Domain. The castle was also known as Kochō-jō (粉蝶城).
 Xystrocerini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the single genus Xystrocera and the following species: Xystrocera alcyonea Pascoe 1866 Xystrocera festiva Thomson 1861 Xystrocera globosa (Oliver 1795)↑
 Monte Faito is a mountain in the Monti Lattari a small chain in the Campanian Pre-Apennines in the Sorrentine Peninsula southern Italy. It has an elevation of 1131 m.It is mostly composed of limestone rocks and has steep walls directly ending into the sea of the Gulf of Salerno. The name derives from the local dialect faggeto referring to the great numbers of beeches in the mountain area.Monte Faito can be reached through a cable car from Castellammare di Stabia.
 Idle Roomers is the 80th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Christ Church High Harrogate is a parish church in the Church of England located in Harrogate. It was the first church building to be built in Harrogate and is today home to a thriving congregation and - along with the attached Parish Centre - an important focus of community activities.
 La Virgencita de Pompeya is a 1935 Argentine musical film drama directed by Enrique Cadícamo and written by Enrique Pedro Maroni. It is a tango film and premiered on 14 March 1935 in Buenos Aires.
 Hypselodoris kanga is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Swingtime in the Movies is a 1938 American short comedy film directed by Crane Wilbur. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1939 for Best Live Action Short Film Two-Reel.
 Shake It Up: I Love Dance (stylized as Shake It Up: I <3 Dance also known as Shake It Up: I ♥ Dance) is the third and final soundtrack for the Disney Channel Original Series Shake It Up. It was released on March 5 2013. The album features musical artists associated or popularized by Disney Channel stars Bella Thorne Zendaya Bridgit Mendler McClain Sisters Caroline Sunshine Roshon Fegan Selena Gomez Coco Jones Olivia Holt and Dove Cameron as well as non-Disney Channel stars Young L.A.
 The Cadotte River is a tributary of the Peace River in Northern Alberta Canada.The river gives the name to the Cadotte Member a stratigraphical unit oif the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
 Roll with the New is the second comedy album by Chris Rock. It is a combination of live material (also seen in his special Bring the Pain) and comedy sketches. The album won the 1998 Grammy Award for Best Spoken Comedy Album.
 Dreamtime is the debut studio album by The Cult. Released on 10 September 1984 it reached #21 in the UK and was later certified silver by the BPI after having sold 60000 copies. The first single Spiritwalker reached #1 on the UK Indie Chart. Dreamtime has subsequently been reissued (or in some cases bootlegged) in roughly 30 countries worldwide.Lyrics to the song Horse Nation are taken almost verbatim from the book Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee.
 Natalie E. Tennant (born December 25 1967) is the Secretary of State of West Virginia. She was elected in 2008 and officially took office as the 29th Secretary of State on January 19 2009. She is a member of the Democratic Party.Prior to her election as Secretary of State Tennant was a television broadcaster and reporter working at WBOY-TV in Clarksburg and later at WCHS-TV in Charleston.
 Swimming Home is a novel by British writer Deborah Levy published on 10 September 2012. The short novel deals with the experiences of poet Joe Jacobs when his family vacation is interrupted by a fanatic reader.Critical reception for the novel was generally favourable. On July 25 of 2012 the book was longlisted for the Man Booker Prize and on September 11 of that same year it was shortlisted. It was shortlisted for the Jewish Quarterly-Wingate Prize (2013).
 Slow Wave is a weekly comic strip by Jesse Reklaw. It has been syndicated to alternative newspapers around the U.S. since 1995 and also appears online. It has changed style twice since its inception.
 This is a split album between Boston hardcore band Aftershock and Japanese band Dive.
 Educor is a premier supplier of tertiary education in South Africa. Educor is an abbreviation for the Education Investment Corporation Limited. They are the largest provider of private education in Southern Africa. They provide Higher Further and Vocational education via face-to-face classes distance learning and online learning. They also offer full-time and part-time studies providing people from all walks of life with access to education.
 Astalak (Persian: اصطلك‎) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District Kuhin District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 184 in 55 families.
 The Penguin King (US title: Penguins 3D) is a 3D feature-length natural history documentary which follows the life of a male king penguin on South Georgia. The Penguin King is the second collaboration between Sky Atlantic Productions and David Attenborough who wrote and narrated the film. It was preceded by Flying Monsters 3D screened a year earlier and will be followed by the three-part series Kingdom of Plants 3D in spring 2012.
 The Te Putaaraukai River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows north to reach the Rangaunu Harbour to the northeast of Awanui.
 Confusion is a 1927 novella by the Austrian writer Stefan Zweig. Its original German title is Verwirrung der Gefühle; it is also known under the literal translation Confusion of Feelings and as Episode in the Early Life of Privy Councillor D. It tells the story of a student and his friendship with a professor. It was originally published in the omnibus volume Conflicts: Three Tales together with two other Zweig novellas Twenty-Four Hours in the Life of a Woman and Untergang eines Herzens.
 S&M Hunter (地獄のローパー、緊縛・SM・18才(SMクレーン、宙吊り) Kinbaku · SM · 18-sai lit. SM kurên chûzuri) is Japanese pink film directed by Shuji Kataoka and starring Shiro Shimomoto Hiromi Saotome and Yutaka Ikejima. This film was shown in February 1986 for the first time in Japan. The U.S premiere is September 2008 in Austin Fantastic Fest. The second appearance of this film in the U.S. is at San Francisco Independent Film Festival. The DVD has been released since January 14 2009 in USA.
 XXV is the 25th-anniversary compilation album by Polish death metal band Vader. It was released in 2008 by Regain Records. The album is a collection of re-recorded songs from earlier Vader albums from The Ultimate Incantation up to The Beast.
 The Slender-billed Finch' (Xenospingus concolor) is a species of finch-like bird traditionally placed in the Emberizidae family but it may be more closely related to the Thraupidae. It is the only member of its genus Xenospingus. It is restricted to southwest Peru and northern Chile and inhabits mainly riverine vegetation along coastal valleys. It has been considered endangered due to loss of habitat. Riparian thickets that were common are under pressure from logging by farm owners.
 Targhee Pass is a mountain pass located on the Continental Divide in the Henrys Lake Mountains along the border between southeastern Idaho and southwestern Montana at an elevation of 7072 feet (2156 m) above sea level. The pass is named for a Bannack Indian chief.U.S. Highway 20 crosses the pass approximately 15 mi (24 km) west of West Yellowstone Montana on the western boundary of Yellowstone National Park.
 The St. Charles Borromeo Church is a historic Catholic church building at Hall and Cushing Streets in Waltham Massachusetts. Construction of the Italian Renaissance Revival structure began in 1915 but was delayed by funding concerns and was not restarted until 1922. A fire gutted the interior of the nearly-finished building in 1927 after which it was refurbished. The building was designed by James F. Monaghan.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Shining Star is the eight album and the second compilation album from the Christian pop group Jump5. It is complied entirely of songs that Jump5 had covered throughout their career. It was released on November 22 2005 the same day that Jump5's first independently released Christmas album Rock This Christmas was released. Freeze Frame features Natasha Noack.
 Pettit Crater is a crater in the Amazonis quadrangle of Mars located at 12.39° north latitude and 173.87° west longitude. It is 92.49 km in diameter and was named after Edison Pettit an American astronomer (1890–1962).
 The Decline of Western Civilization Part II: The Metal Years is a documentary film directed by Penelope Spheeris about the Los Angeles heavy metal scene from 1986 to 1988. It is the second film of a trilogy by Spheeris depicting life in Los Angeles at various points in time. The first film The Decline of Western Civilization dealt with the punk rock scene during 1979-1980.
 Syms by Sinatra is a 1982 album by Sylvia Syms arranged by Don Costa and conducted by Frank Sinatra .
 Herbert L. Peterson (born May 16 1876) was an American politician. He was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate representing Wisconsin's 1st Senate District. He was a member of the Republican Party of Wisconsin.Peterson was born on a farm in Door County Wisconsin.
 Christian Meeting House (Petersburg Christian Church) is a historic church meeting house at 6561 Tanner Street in Petersburg Kentucky.The original congregation was organized in 1824 by Alexander Campbell from Virginia. The structure was built in 1840 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.The architecture reflects the shift in styles from the classical Greek Revival to the more romantic or picturesque forms prevalent in Boone County during the period 1835–1890.
 Lifesblood for the Downtrodden is an album released by Crowbar on February 8 2005 on Candlelight Records. Its working title in 2004 had been You Don't Need an Enemy to Have a War. It is dedicated to the memory of Dimebag Darrell who died while the band was recording the album. Coming Down appeared on Fear Candy 13 a compilation CD issued by the British extreme metal magazine Terrorizer.
 Juan Manuel Cafferata (1 January 1852 – 23 September 1920) was an Argentine politician of the National Autonomist Party. He was the governor of province of Santa Fe between 1890 and 1893.Cafferata was born in Buenos Aires the son of an immigrant businessman from Genoa Italy who had settled in Rosario (southern Santa Fe). He studied law at the Jesuit's College of the Immaculate Conception in the city of Santa Fe.
 El Año de la Peste (English: The year of the plague) is a Mexican motion picture categorized as drama thriller and Sci-Fi. It was filmed in 1978 and released in 1979. The production counted with the famous Colombian writer Gabriel García Márquez for the adapted screenplay from the novel of Daniel Defoe A Journal of the Plague Year published in March 1722.
 Peripsocus alboguttatus is a species of Psocoptera from Peripsocidae family that can be found in Austria Belgium Croatia Denmark Finland France Germany Great Britain Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Latvia Luxembourg Madeira Norway Poland Romania Spain Sweden Switzerland and the Netherlands. The species are brown coloured.
 Music from the World Beyond is the first album by stoner rock quartet The Mushroom River Band. It was released in 2000 and contains twelve tracks.
 Gazan (Persian: گزن‎) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District Gahvareh District Dalahu County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 21 families.
 Theodoros Pangalos (Greek: Θεόδωρος Πάγκαλος born 17 August 1938) is a Greek politician and leading member of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement. He served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Greece responsible for the coordination of the Government Council for Foreign Affairs and Defense (KYSEA) and the new Economic & Social Policy Committee from 2009 to 2012
 Kizielewszczyzna [kiʑɛlɛfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Janów 24 km (15 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 47 km (29 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Deewane is a 2000 Bollywood romantic drama film that stars Urmila Matondkar Mahima Chaudhary and Ajay Devgn in a double role.
 Men of Crisis: The Harvey Wallinger Story is a short film directed by Woody Allen in 1971. The film was a satirization of the Richard Nixon administration made in mockumentary style.Allen plays Harvey Wallinger a thinly disguised version of Henry Kissinger. The short was produced as a television special for PBS and was scheduled to air in February 1972 but it was pulled from the schedule shortly before the airdate.
 Sarvemäe is a village in Veriora Parish Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
 Mount Hamiguitan is a mountain located in the province of Davao Oriental. It has a height of 1620 metres (5315 ft). The mountain and its vicinity has one of the most diverse wildlife populations in the Philippines. Among the wildlife found in the area are Philippine eagles and several species of Nepenthes. Some of the latter such as the Nepenthes peltata are endemic to the area. The mountain has the only protected forest in the Philippines with an estimated area of 2000 hectares.
 Paul Wille was a Belgian senator and still is a member of the Open Flemish Liberals and Democrats. He was elected as a member of the Belgian Senate in 2007.
 Valvata studeri is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae the valve snails.
 The Cancer Journals is a 1980 book of non-fiction by Audre Lorde. It deals with her struggle with breast cancer.
 The Kirby Building historically known as the Busch Building is a 17-story skyscraper in the Main Street District of Downtown Dallas. The structure was completed in 1913 by beer magnate Adolphus Busch to accompany his nearby Hotel Adolphus. The building became vacant with many older buildings during the economic downturn of the 1980s.
 The Harding Icefield is an expansive icefield located in the Kenai Mountains of the Kenai Peninsula in Alaska. It is also partially located in Kenai Fjords National Park. It is named for United States President Warren G. Harding.
 The Domain is a high-density business retail and residential center operated by Simon Property Group and Endeavor Real Estate Group and is located in the high-tech corridor of northwest Austin Texas. It is bordered on the west by Union Pacific Railroad on the west and north by Loop 1 on the south by Braker Lane and on the east by Burnet Rd. The initial phase of the project was completed in March 2007. It is managed and owned by Simon Property Group of Indianapolis Indiana The U.S..
 Orange Albatross (Appias nero) is a butterfly of the family Pieridae that is the Yellows and Whites. Subspecies galba is found in India.
 Istiblennius steindachneri is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean. It can reach a maximum of 11 cm (4.3 in) in SL.
 The Grudge 2 is a 2006 American horror film and a sequel to 2004's The Grudge. This film is the second installment in Sony's The Grudge franchise and was directed by Takashi Shimizu (director of the Ju-on series) and written by Stephen Susco. The film was produced by Sam Raimi and stars Sarah Michelle Gellar Amber Tamblyn Edison Chen Arielle Kebbel Matthew Knight Teresa Palmer and Takako Fuji.
 The Church of St Nicholas in West Pennard Somerset England dates from the 15th century and is a Grade I listed building.From the 13th to 15th century West Pennard was a chapelry of the Church of St John the Baptist in Glastonbury. The chapel was dedicated to Saint Nicholas in 1210.The tower dates from around 1482 following the chancel and south aisle which had been built earlier in the 15th century. The north aisle was added in the 16th century.
 Comitas elegans is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Timeline is the fifth compilation album released by Richard Marx shortly after the release of Days In Avalon. It includes some of Marx's popular songs including a medley of all of Marx's singles at the time of this album's release.
 Kannapolis Citizen is a newspaper based in Kannapolis North Carolina covering Cabarrus Mecklenburg and Rowan counties.
 Joseph W. Battisto is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He graduated from Stroudsburg High School in 1949. He earned a degree from East Stroudsburg State College in 1956 and an M.S. degree from the University of Scranton in 1966.He was sworn in to represent the 189th legislative district in 1983 a position he held until his defeat by Republican Kelly Lewis in the 2000 general election.
 Ardi Musa (Persian: ارديموسي‎ also Romanized as Ardī Mūsá; also known as Īrdī Mūsá Erdī Mūsá and Īrd Mūsī) is a village in the Sabalan District of Sareyn County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 725 in 158 families. Cities towns and places near Ardi Musa include Kolur.The closest major cities include Ardabil Tabriz Rasht and Zanjan.
 Red Scorpion is a 1989 film directed by Joseph Zito starring Dolph Lundgren.
 The Virtue of Selfishness: A New Concept of Egoism is a 1964 collection of essays and papers by Ayn Rand and Nathaniel Branden. Most of the essays originally appeared in The Objectivist Newsletter except for The Objectivist Ethics which was a paper Rand delivered at the University of Wisconsin during a symposium on Ethics in Our Time. The book covers ethical issues from the perspective of Rand's Objectivist philosophy.
 Endicott Square Deal Arch is an historic welcome arch located at Endicott in Broome County New York. It is one of two identical arches erected in 1920 in Endicott and in nearby Johnson City known as the Johnson City Square Deal Arch. . It was constructed by Endicott-Johnson Shoe Company employees to honor George F. Johnson (1857–1948) their highly respected employer and benefactor.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Resilient is the fifteenth studio album by Running Wild released on 2 October 2013 via Steamhammer Records.
 Venetian Court is a residential seaside resort located in Capitola California. Construction of Venetian Court in the Mediterranean Revival Spanish Colonial Revival and Mission Revival architecture styles began in 1924 and continued for several years.
 Meteora (1802–1821) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic Oaks Stakes at Epsom Downs Racecourse in 1805. In a racing career which began with her win in the Oaks on 31 May 1805 and lasted until July 1810 she ran thirty-six timeas and won twenty-four races.
 Elseya branderhorsti is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.
 Objestnost is a novel by Slovenian author Jurij Hudolin. It was first published in 2005.
 The Izvorul Dragoșu River is a headwater of the Bughea River in Romania.
 The Rush Hour film series is a series of Hong Kong-American martial arts/action-comedy films starring Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker directed by Brett Ratner and distributed by New Line Cinema. The main plot centers around a pair of police detectives: a Hong Kong Police Force inspector and an American LAPD detective (portrayed by Chan and Tucker) who go on a series of misadventures often involving corrupt crime figures.
 Caesar the Conqueror (Italian: Giulio Cesare il conquistatore delle Gallie) is a 1962 Italian film directed by Tanio Boccia.
 The Dead Sea Sparrow (Passer moabiticus) as its name suggests is a breeding bird around the River Jordan Dead Sea and into Iraq Iran and western Afghanistan. Breeding recorded in Cyprus (1981/1982) but is probably extinct there now. It is migratory or dispersive although the regular wintering grounds of this nomadic species are largely unknown except that the eastern race winters in Pakistan.
 Parakrama Samudra (or Parakrama's sea or the Sea of King Parakrama) is a shallow reservoir consisting of three separate reservoirs connected by narrow channels in Polonnaruwa Sri Lanka.
 Dybów-Kolonia [ˈdɨbuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin within Wołomin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Radzymin 7 km (4 mi) north of Wołomin and 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has an approximate population of 300.
 Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Passenger Depot or Santa Fe Station is a historic railway station in Colorado Springs Colorado.
 Episcotia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pusionella albocincta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
 The Vella Lavella White-eye Belted White-eye or Banded White-eye (Zosterops vellalavella) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.It is endemic to the Solomon Islands.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Hijran Kamran qizi Huseynova (Azerbaijani: Hicran Hüseynova Kamran qızı; born August 13 1955) is a professor and an Azerbaijani politician serving as the Chairwoman of the State Committee for Family Women and Children Affairs of Azerbaijan Republic.
 Sparganopseustis geminorum is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Family Guy: Stewie's Guide to World Domination is an American humor book about Family Guy written by producer Steve Callaghan. The book was first published on 20 October 2005. The plot follows Stewie Griffin's plans on ruling the world despite his only being a minor.
 Babbs Mill Lake is a man-made lake located in the Kingfisher Country Park in the Kingshurst area of Solihull England. The lake was created as a balancing feature in times of flooding from the River Cole which is located nearby.The lake gives its name to Babbs Mill Park which was created to commemorate the Silver Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II in 1977. It was designated a Local Nature Reserve in 2002.
 4 From the Village is an EP by the Anglo-Icelandic band Fields. The EP was released via Black Lab Recordings on July 10 2006.
 Golshan (Persian: گلشن‎) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District Miyan Jolgeh District Nishapur County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 441 in 110 families.
 Milorad Dodik (Serbian Cyrillic: Милорад Додик) (born March 12 1959) is a Bosnian Serb politician. He is the President of the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina and of the Alliance of Independent Social Democrats (SNSD).
 For other uses of this name see Garden of Allah.The Garden of Allah (1927) is a film directed by Rex Ingram and starring his wife actress Alice Terry. It was the second version of the Robert Hichens novel of the same name that had been filmed by the Selig company in 1916 with Helen Ware and would be filmed again in 1936 with Marlene Dietrich and Charles Boyer. The film was shot at a studio in Nice France and the desert exteriors were filmed in North Africa.
 Osteoporosis International is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. The journal was launched in 1990. It is an official journal of the International Osteoporosis Foundation and the National Osteoporosis Foundation. The journal is published monthly and includes original research on all areas of osteoporosis and its related fields alongside reviews educational articles and case reports. The co-editors-in-chief are R. Lindsay and J.A. Kanis.
 Peak Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country near the town of Seven Devils. It is wholly in the Pisgah National Forest. Its elevation reaches 4921 feet (1500 m). The headwaters of the Elk River begins from the Northwestern slopes of the mountain; along the Southwestern slopes it shares with Sugar Mountain and Flattop Mountain as the headwaters of the Linville River; along the Southeastern slopes it shares with Grandfather Mountain as the headwaters of the Watauga River.
 Abercrombie Mountain is a tall peak in the Selkirk Mountains of northeast Washington located within the Colville National Forest. At 7310 feet (2228 m) in elevation it is the highest point in Stevens County and the second highest peak in eastern Washington. Gypsy Peak within the Salmo-Priest Wilderness is at least 10 feet (3.0 m) taller.
 Callisphecia oberthueri is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Cameroon.
 Urban Legend is a 1998 slasher film starring Jared Leto Alicia Witt Rebecca Gayheart Michael Rosenbaum and Tara Reid. The film is based on the premise that a killer is using the methods of death described in certain urban legends as a means to kill the victims.The film was followed by Urban Legends: Final Cut which was released in theaters in 2000 and Urban Legends: Bloody Mary which went direct-to-video in 2005.
 Christ Church Weston Point a former parish church is a redundant church in Weston Point Runcorn Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Mighty Miss Malone is a 2012 children's novel by author Christopher Paul Curtis and is a followup to his 2000 book Bud Not Buddy. The book was released on January 10 2012 by Wendy Lamb Books. The Mighty Miss Malone follows the character of 12-year-old African-American Deza Malone who narrates the book.
 Turn of the Screw is the second studio album from punk rock band 1208. It was released in February 2004 and follows 2002's Feedback Is Payback – both released on Epitaph Records.The song Fall Apart was featured on the popular PlayStation 2 and Xbox game Burnout 3.
 Ridha Grira (Arabic: رضا قريرة‎; born 21 August 1955) is a Tunisian politician.
 The Train to Lo Wu is a collection of short stories by Jess Row published in January 2005. The book contains seven loosely related stories set in or related to Hong Kong. They all deal with the tension felt between insiders and outsiders especially between locals and foreigners visiting for study or work.
 Audea melaleuca is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Ethiopia Cape Verde and South Africa.
 The King of Ireland's Son is a children's novel published in Ireland in 1916 written by Padraic Colum and illustrated by Willy Pogany. It is the story of the eldest of the King of Ireland's sons and his adventures winning and then finding Fedelma the Enchanter's Daughter who after being won is kidnapped from him by the King of the Land of Mist.
 Spiritchaser is the seventh studio album by Dead Can Dance and the last before Brendan Perry and Lisa Gerrard went their separate ways.
 Bematistes pseuderyta is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo Sudan and western Uganda.
 The Palms Shopping Centre is a shopping mall located in the Christchurch New Zealand suburb of Shirley 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from the city's CBD.
 Waterfalls is a live album by American saxophonist and composer John Klemmer featuring studio enhanced live performances recorded in Los Angeles for the Impulse! label.
 Iglesia de San Martín de Tours (San Martín del Rey Aurelio) is a church in Asturias Spain. The church was established in medieval times. The present church is built on an ancient Romanesque temple of which few traces remain. Since its original building it has undergone several reforms. The exterior of the temple is white except the doors and openings that are built with masonry. At the top is a belfry.
 Yerevan Lake (Armenian: Երևանյան լիճ) is an artificial reservoir located in the capital of Armenia in Yerevan. It was formed between 1963-1966 an opened in 1967.
 Lake Mills was a reservoir formed by the Glines Canyon Dam on the Elwha River and was located about 13 miles from the mouth of the river on the Olympic Peninsula. It was fully contained within Olympic National Park. It was formed in 1927 with the completion of the dam and after the lowland forest that occupied the river bottom was clear-cut.
 Rzeczenica [ʐɛt͡ʂɛˈnit͡sa] (German Stegers) is a village in Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rzeczenica. It lies approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) north-west of Człuchów and 121 km (75 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 1566.
 Charles-Séraphin Rodier (October 6 1818 – January 26 1890) was a Canadian businessman and politician.Born in Montreal Lower Canada the son of Jean-Baptiste Rodier and Marie-Desanges Sedillot dit Montreuil Rodier was the nephew of Charles-Séraphin Rodier a mayor of Montreal. Rodier would later use the suffix Jr to his name to tell himself apart from his uncle. Rodier started working at age fourteen as a carpenter and after as a building contractor.
 The Soilers is a 1923 American silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel. It was released in the same year as the Western silent movie drama The Spoilers and the name of one character from the original McNamera may have a parody in the name of the Finlayson character.
 Kubłowo Małe [kuˈbwɔvɔ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.The village has a population of 47.
 Maintop Mountain is a mountain in Nelson County Virginia. The mountain is a peak on a spur off the main Blue Ridge Mountains about 2 miles (3 km) east of Elk Pond Mountain and about 3.5 miles (5.5 km) west of The Priest.The mountain is located in the George Washington National Forest.Maintop Mountain stands within the watershed of the Tye River which drains into the James River. The northwest side of Maintop Mountain drains into Mill Creek thence into the South Fork of the Tye River.
 The Basilica of Our Lady of Tongre (French: Basilique de Notre Dame de Tongre) is a Roman Catholic parish church and minor basilica in Tongre-Notre-Dame Chièvres Belgium. Designed by architect J.F. Demarbaix it is the smallest basilica of Belgium[citation needed].
 Not in Kansas Anymore is the second album by Basehead.
 Murder in Trinidad (1934) is an American drama film directed by Louis King and starring Nigel Bruce Heather Angel Victor Jory and Murray Kinnell.
 Abominable is a 2006 horror film directed and written by Ryan Schifrin. The film stars Matt McCoy Jeffrey Combs Lance Henriksen Rex Linn Dee Wallace Phil Morris Paul Gleason and Haley Joel. Despite the title the antagonist of the film is the cryptid Bigfoot. The film premiered on April 10 2006 in New York City. The music is scored by Lalo Schifrin which patterned on Les Baxter's score to The Beast Within.
 The Case of the Frightened Lady is a 1940 British black-and-white crime drama mystery thriller directed by George King and starring Ronald Shiner as Detective Sergeant Tatty Felix Aylmer Helen Haye and Marius Goring. It was produced by Pennant Picture Productions and presented by British Lion Film Corporation. The film is based on a play by Edgar Wallace.This production was the second time that Wallace’s play had been adapted for the cinema.
 Vibes is the eighth studio album by Heavy D. It is a reggae album and does not contain any rapping.
 The Río Blanco (Honduras) is a river in Honduras. This flows Northwards through La Ceiba and empties Its Waters into the Caribbean Gulf.
 M. S. Gill is an Indian politician of the Indian National Congress partyhas served as the of Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports. He represents Punjab in the Rajya Sabha the upper house of the Indian Parliament.Dr. Gill was formerly a member of the Indian Administrative Services and served as the Chief Election Commissioner of India from 1996 to 2001 succeeding T. N. Seshan. His major achievement was introduction of Electronic Voting machines which curbed malpractices to a large extent.
 The Alb is a river in the northern region of the Black Forest in Germany. It is a tributary of the Rhine and flows through the cities of Karlsruhe Ettlingen and Bad Herrenalb.
 The St. Andrews Patrol Cabin was built by the National Park Service in 1922 as part of a network of stations near the boundaries of Mount Rainier National Park for rangers on patrol. The one-room log structure stands on the Wonderland Trail that circumnavigates Mount Rainier. The exterior of the cabin features a porch to the front. The interior is finished with varnished logs and tongue and groove flooring. The cabin was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13 1991.
 Jimmy N. Dimos (born October 18 1938 in the Republic of Macedonia) is a retired state Fourth Judicial District Court judge based in Monroe in Ouachita Parish Louisiana United States. Dimos (pronounced DEE MOSE) is also a former Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives having served from 1976 to 1999. From 1988 to 1992 he was the Speaker of the House the recommended choice of then Democratic Governor Charles E. Buddy Roemer III.
 Čičinai is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the town has a population of 314 people. Village is near to Neris river.
 Eldorado Pass (el. 4623 ft.) is a mountain pass in Oregon traversed by U.S. Route 26.
 Cheshmeh Reza (Persian: چشمه رضا‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Reẕā) is a village in Abravan Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Journal of Conservative Dentistry is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Federation of Operative Dentistry (India). The journal publishes articles on the subject of operative dentistry and endodontics aiming at restoration and replacement of teeth.The journal is indexed with EBSCO Publishing’s Electronic Databases and PubMed.
 The Story Bible is a fiction book by Pearl S. Buck summarizing the whole Bible in two separate volumes: Vol. 1 The Old Testament and Vol. 2 The New Testament while particularly emphasizing literal elements and fables. It is described as a paraphrase.The Story BibleThe Story Bible is a book for anyone interested in the bible. Whether it is for reading popular bible stories (Noah’s Ark or The Creation Story) or as a down to earth introduction to the bible.
 Euleia inconspicua is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Euleia of the family Tephritidae.
 Saram (Persian: سارم‎ also Romanized as Sāram) is a village in Estakhr-e Posht Rural District Hezarjarib District Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 32 families.
 The Aggressives (태풍태양 Tae-pung tae-yang) is a 2005 South Korean film about a teen Soyo whose parents have abandoned him to fend for himself. He becomes immersed in the local inline skating subculture and falls in love with the girlfriend of his skating tutor. The film was screened at the 2005 Pusan International Film Festival.
 Hamadi Jebali (Arabic: حمادي الجبالي‎ Ḥammādī al-Jibālī; born 12 January 1949) is a Tunisian engineer Islamist politician and journalist who was Prime Minister of Tunisia from December 2011 to March 2013. He is the Secretary-General of the Ennahda Movement a moderate Islamist party in Tunisia.
 The Horror of the Heights is a short story by Arthur Conan Doyle. It was first published in Strand Magazine in 1913.
 Olympia is an EP recorded by The Maybes?. It was released on 16 October 2006 (2006-10-16) in the United Kingdom by Xtra Mile Recordings. The picture on the cover is of one of the iron statues in Antony Gormley's Another Place attraction located on Crosby Beach Merseyside.
 The Unknown Ajax is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer. The story is set in 1817.
 Four-Cornered Circle is a 2007 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary the last published prior to his death in 2010. The plot revolves around two sisters one of whom develops feelings for the other's husband. The story is told from the point of view of the sisters which Cleary admits was a difficult writing challenge trying to not intrude a man's viewpoint on what the women thought and what they did.
 Góreczno [ɡuˈrɛt͡ʂnɔ] (German: Bergvorwerk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek (Gemeinde Oberglogau) within Prudnik County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Głogówek (Glogow) 21 km (13 mi) east of Prudnik and 41 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Mine is a 1973 compilation album by singer-songwriter Dolly Parton issued by RCA's budget compilation division RCA Camden. As was the case with Parton's 1972 RCA Camden compilation Just the Way I Am the album was an attempt by RCA to capitalize on Parton's early 1970s chart success by reissuing some of her lesser known material (in this case tracks recorded between 1969 and 1970) as a budget release for newer fans who might not have purchased her earlier albums.
 Cosmopterix ingeniosa is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from India.
 Sydaphera fulva is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Diplommatina aurea is a species of land snails with an operculum terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 Hybomitra montana the Slender-horned Horsefly is a species of horse fly in the family Tabanidae.
 Donegal on Sunday was a local tabloid newspaper published in County Donegal Ireland. It launched in March 2004 as an edition of the Sunday Journal published by the Derry Journal. Originally called the Sunday Democrat it was based in Letterkenny. It was part of the only local paper in Ireland to be published on a Sunday with a circulation of 6691 in 2007.
 Hypochrosis sternaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from India through south-eastern Asia to Sumatra and Borneo.
 Schmale Gera is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Qolian (Persian: قليان‎ also Romanized as Qolīān Qalyān and Qoleyān) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 7 families.
 Supporting Characters is a film directed by Daniel Schechter. It was written by Schechter and Tarik Lowe.It had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 20 2012.The film follows two New York film editors trying to balance their personal lives while reworking a film.
 James Frederick Jim Bridenstine (born June 15 1975) is an American politician who has been the United States Representative for Oklahoma's 1st congressional district based in Tulsa since 2013. He is a member of the Republican Party.
 Cricklewood Baptist Church is a Baptist church in Cricklewood London and is part of the London Baptist Association. Built in 1907 the church had its first service on 5 January 1908. In 1930 a church hall was added and after the main church building was sold to property developers in 1990 the hall became the central place of worship for the congregation.
 Drumcree Parish Church officially The Church of the Ascension is the parish church of Drumcree Church of Ireland parish. The church is within the townland of Drumcree roughly 1.5 miles (2.3 km) to the northeast of Portadown County Armagh.In recent times it has become noted for the Orange Order service held annually on the Sunday before 12 July.
 Day is a novel by A. L. Kennedy. It won the novel category and the overall Costa Book of the Year Award in the 2007 Costa Book Awards. The novel is about a man who was a tailgunner in a Lancaster bomber aircraft during World War II. Later he is an extra in a film about prisoners of war.
 Darkness Come Alive is the second album from Boston Massachusetts-based metal band Doomriders. It was released September 29 2009 on the record label Deathwish Inc. The album is available as a CD as a 12 vinyl LP and via download.
 Bonduel is a village in Shawano County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1478 at the 2010 census.
 Ẁurdah Ïtah is a 1974 album by Christian Vander/Magma.It was recorded by a core quartet of Magma members (only consisting of drums bass piano and vocals) and released under Christian Vander's name as a soundtrack studio album for Yvan Lagrange's 1972 avant-garde film Tristan et Iseult.
 Glyptostoma is a genus of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Megomphicidae. These are large (to about 40 mm or 1.5 inches in diameter) dark brown snails much shorter than wide. They are found in hilly areas or low mountains along the Pacific coast of North America from California to Baha California.
 The Union Bank of California Tower is an 82 m (269 ft) 15-story office building completed in 1969 in downtown Portland Oregon. The tower was designed by the firm of Anshen and Allen of San Francisco in the International-style with a strong presence on Broadway. The most prominent feature of the Union Bank of California are its exposed service cores clad in light gray slate with a greenish tint.
 William Howard (December 31 1817 – June 1 1891) was a United States Army soldier lawyer and a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
 Flabellina is a genus of sea slugs specifically aeolid nudibranchs. These animals are marine gastropod molluscs in the family Flabellinidae.
 The Junkman is a 1982 independent film which spent two years in production. To make the film H. B. Halicki used his own personal collection of over 200 cars toys and guns - including Eleanor the star of his 1974 cult classic Gone in 60 Seconds.The Junkman is the second installment of Halicki's film trilogy. It presents Gone in 60 Seconds and Deadline Auto Theft as films within a film.
 The Modern Life is War E.P. is the first release by Iowa hardcore band Modern Life is War. Released in 2002 the album was pressed exclusively as a 7 vinyl E.P. and distributed by Lifeline Records. Destination: Death Or Better Days and The Farmer's Holiday Association were later re-released on the remastered edition of My Love. My Way.
 Immaculate Conception Cathedral is the cathedral mother church for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Pondicherry and Cuddalore. It is located in the Union territory of Puducherry. It is also known as Samba Kovil (Tamil: சம்பா கோயில்) which is a phonetic corruption of Saint Paul’s Kovil where Kovil means church.
 John William Eggleston (June 18 1886 – May 18 1976) was born at Charlotte Court House Virginia. He attended Hampden-Sydney College from 1902 to 1904 and Washington and Lee University from 1906 to 1907. In 1910 he received an LL. B. degree and in 1949 an honorary LL. D. degree from Washington and Lee. He began his practice of law at Norfolk Virginia in 1910.
 Little Cranberry Lake is a lake of Digby District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Little Theatre in Rochester New York commonly known as The Little is a movie theatre located on historic East Avenue in downtown Rochester New York and a modest non-profit multiplex specializing in art film including independent and foreign productions outside the United States.Founded in 1928 The Little is one of the oldest active movie theaters built specifically to show films in the US serving as an alternative venue for cinema of higher artistic caliber than what was popular at the time. 
 Koloonella moniliformis common name the necklace pyramid-shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The Metropolitan Detention Center Brooklyn (MDC Brooklyn) is a United States federal administrative detention facility in Brooklyn New York which holds male and female prisoners of all security levels. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.Most prisoners held at MDC Brooklyn have pending cases in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. MDC Brooklyn also holds prisoners serving brief sentences.
 Williamsport is a village in Pickaway County Ohio United States. The population was 1023 at the 2010 census.
 Construction Equipment is a trade publication and web site serving the information needs of construction contractors materials producers and other owners and operators of construction equipment.Established in 1949 Construction Equipment is published monthly. Each issue typically includes Product Evaluations and Buying File as new products are introduced into the market.
 Nørre Galten Church (Danish: Nørre Galten Kirke) is a Danish church located in Nørre Galten Denmark. The church is located a few kilometres north of Hadsten 12 kilometres south of Randers. The church was built in the 12th century.
 Như Cố is a commune (xã) and village in Chợ Mới District Bắc Kạn Province in Vietnam.
 Patricia Van Pelt Watkins is a member of the Illinois Senate representing the 5th district which is located on the West Side of Chicago. Prior to her service as a member of the Illinois Senate she was a community activist and ran for Mayor of Chicago.
 Thomas Tyrell House is at 133 Beale Street in Kingman Arizona. The home was built in 1897 and is an indigenous cottage. Mr. Tyrell built this house and lived in there for two years. His main profession was a painter. The property also has a pump house. This is the first house to have indoor plumbing. The house is on the National Register of Historic Places number 86001172.
 Selling Blue Elephants: How to Make Great Products That People Want Before They Even Know They Want Them is a book written by Howard Moskowitz and Alex Gofman (Publisher: Wharton School Publishing 2007).The book outlines a new solution-oriented learning experience co-developed with Prof.
 The Silver Lake Bank in Montrose Pennsylvania is a building from 1816. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It is now used as the headquarters for the Center for Anti-Slavery Studies nonprofit organization.
 Ankoku-ji (安国寺) is a Buddhist temple of the Kokutai-ji branch of Rinzai school of Buddhism in Fukuyama Hiroshima Prefecture Japan. This temple was built by the priest Kakushin in 1273. Afterwards it was revived by Ankokuji Ekei in 1579 though it remained in decline. This temple is classified as an Important Cultural Property.
 Leona stoehri the Confused Recluse is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Cameroon the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
 Oridathoru Puzhayundu is a 2008 Malayalam environmental film directed by Kalavoor Ravikumar starring K.B.Venu Jenny (Meera Jasmine's sister) Jayasree Sivadas Goutham Babu Balachandran Chullikad etc. The film is based on a real-life incident and is dedicated to the people of Plachimada. The film won the Kerala Film Critics Association Awards for the Best film for children of 2007. Jayasree Sivadas won the Kerala State and Kerala Film Critics awards for the best child artist.
 Euchrysops mauensis the Mau Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ethiopia Kenya Tanzania Rwanda Burundi and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kivu). The habitat consists of open grassland.
 The Black Drin or Black Drim (Albanian: Drini i Zi: meaning the black deer; Macedonian: Црн Дрим: Transliterated: Crn Drim) is a river in Republic of Macedonia and Albania. It flows out of Lake Ohrid in Struga Macedonia. After approximately 50 km (31 mi) it crosses the border to Albania west of Debar Macedonia. It merges with the White Drin in Kukës to form the Drin which flows into the Adriatic Sea. It drains most of the eastern border region of Albania.
 The Today Art Museum in Beijing is China's first private non-profit museum. The museum's mission is to support the development of Chinese contemporary art. The Today Art Museum was founded by Zhang Baoquan in 2002. Alex Gao officially began his service as Executive Director of the Today Art Museum in August 2013. The museum's aim is to promote Chinese contemporary art based on an internationalized vision and a contemporary ideology.
 Holand is a village in the municipality of Sortland in Nordland county Norway. The village is located on the island of Langøya along the Sortlandssundet strait about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southwest of the town of Sortland and about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) southwest of the village of Bø.
 Cummins Creek (Colorado River) (Lee County Texas). Cummins Creek rises near Giddings in Lee County (at 30°11' N 96°55' W) and runs southeast through Lee Fayette and Colorado counties for sixty-five miles to its mouth on a horseshoe bend of the Colorado River opposite Columbus (at 29°43' N 96°31' W). The stream is named for James (Jack) Cummins one of Stephen F. Austin's Old Three Hundred who was granted the land at its mouth in 1824. Cummins built a sawmill and gristmill there in 1826.
 The Lost Slayer is a series of four novels written by Christopher Golden. It was later collected together in one omnibus paperback. Each was published by Pocket Books
 Not to be confused with the River Noe which flows into Loch Etive ScotlandThe River Noe is a tributary of the River Derwent in Derbyshire England. It flows approximately 12 miles (19 km) from its source the confluence of two streams running off Kinder Scout in the Peak District east through Edale and then southeast through the village of Hope.The river flows into the River Derwent a kilometre south of Bamford.
 The Isticeu River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
 Semioscopis merriccella is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family. It was described by Dyar in 1902. It is found throughout the northern United States and southern Canada from the east to the west coast.The length of the forewings is 11-15 mm. The forewings are brown with a black band in the basal anterior region. Adults are on wing from mid March to the end of May. There is probably one generation per year.
 Highways & Dance Halls is the third studio album released by American country music artist Ty England.
 Sims is a river of Bavaria Germany near the country's southern border. It is approximately six kilometers long and is fed by the Simssee a small lake.
 Hickory Hill is a historic estate in Rockbridge County Virginia.The main house at Hickory Hill was built from 1823 to 1824 for Reuben Grigsby who was born June 6 1780.He was one of many children cousin to educator Hugh Blair Grigsby (1806–1881).Daughter Mary Ann Grigsby (1828–1878) married William Sanderson McCormick (1815–1865) on July 11 1848.
 Gate Dancer (1981–1998) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known as a winner of an American Classic Race the Preakness Stakes and for his part in a thrilling three-horse finish in the inaugural running of the Breeders' Cup Classic.Bred in Florida by William R. Davis Gate Dancer was a son of Sovereign Dancer in turn a son of the great Northern Dancer. He was out of the mare Sun Gate whose sire was Bull Lea a five time Leading sire in North America.
 A Day in the Stark Corner is the third studio album by the American Dark Wave band Lycia released on 10 June 1993 (1993-06-10) through Projekt Records.
 The Postman is a 1997 American post-apocalyptic film directed by and starring Kevin Costner and based on David Brin's 1985 novel of the same name. The film co-stars Will Patton Larenz Tate Olivia Williams James Russo and Tom Petty. It was filmed in Metaline Falls and Fidalgo Island Washington central Oregon and Tucson Arizona.The film is set after an unspecified apocalypse has left a huge impact on human civilization.
 The Journal of Neurotrauma is a biweekly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on neurotraumas. It is an official journal of the National Neurotrauma Society and the International Neurotrauma Society. The journal was established in 1984 and is published by Mary Ann Liebert Inc. The editor-in-chief is John T. Povlishock (Virginia Commonwealth University).
 Chah-e Arabha (Persian: چاه عربها‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e ‘Arabhā; also known as Chāh-e ʿAmīq ʿAlī Mīr Ebrāhīm Ās) is a village in Naharjan Rural District Mud District Sarbisheh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 85 in 23 families.
 Hambastegi is an Iranian daily newspaper published in Tehran.
 Get to Know Your Rabbit is a 1972 American comedy film written by Jordan Crittenden and directed by Brian De Palma.
 Snakes in the Playground is the fifth album by the band Bride. Seen by critics as the best release of Bride's hard rock era Snakes in the Playground is commonly known as the breakthrough album in the band's career. This album would produce for the band more touring press appeal and two GMA Dove Awards for best song.In 2010 HM Magazine listed Snakes in the Playground at No.
 Mahmoud Ahmed Sherifo (born 1948) commonly known simply as Sherifo served briefly as the Head of State of Eritrea while the President was away. He joined the Eritrean Liberation Front in 1967.He also served as Minister of Foreign Affairs before his last posting as Minister of Local Government. During this time he was also appointed Chairman of the Committee to prepare the draft laws concerning the first round of National Elections and the Political Party laws.
 The Sherwood Ring is a 1958 young adult novel by Elizabeth Marie Pope.The story of Peggy Grahame and how she is forced to relocate to her uncle's estate when she is orphaned. Along the way she meets the ghosts of many characters from the Revolutionary Period.
 The Roggenstock (1778 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located south of Oberiberg in the canton of Schwyz. It lies north of the Hoch-Ybrig area.
 Chittipothuvaripalem is a small village under Rompicherla mandalam in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.In this village 99% of people are belongs to kamma community.
 Madhyamam Azhchappathippu or Madhyamam Weekly is a weekly Malayalam–language cultural magazine published by the Madhyamam Group from Kozhikode India. The magazine was launched by Madhyamam on 19 February 1998 as a decennial contribution to the cultural area of Malayalam. The editorial team had at its head noted writer and journalist C. Radhakrishnan.
 Black Shining Leather is the debut studio album by Norwegian black metal band Carpathian Forest. It was released in 1998 through Avantgarde Music and re-issued in 2007 by Peaceville Records via digipak format.It was their only release to feature Lazare on drums who left the band in the following year and would later join Borknagar.
 Mazeh-ye Sardasht (Persian: مازه سردشت‎ also Romanized as Māzeh-ye Sardasht) is a village in Sardasht Rural District in the Central District of Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 475 in 93 families.
 Witch & Wizard is the first novel of the Witch & Wizard series written by James Patterson & Gabrielle Charbonnet. It chronicles a dystopian future in which Whit and Wisty Allgood are arrested imprisoned and sentenced to execution during the uprising of a new totalitarian government for unknowingly possessing outlawed magical abilities. The novel was published on December 14 2009.
 The fanshell scientific name Cyprogenia stegaria is a species of aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae. This clam is native to the United States where breeding populations remain in only three rivers. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.This clam is known to be reproducing in the Clinch River in Tennessee and Virginia and the Green and Licking Rivers in Kentucky. There may be a small reproducing population in the Tennessee River.
 Wójeczka [vuˈjɛt͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Pacanów 19 km (12 mi) south-east of Busko-Zdrój and 59 km (37 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 208.
 Oenopota bicarinata common name the two-corded lora is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Kreshnik Çipi was a former member of Flamurtari Vlore and now is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.
 Naukri is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee.This Hrishikesh Mukherjee’s not so famous movie but critically acclaimed classic “Naukri” (1978) featuring Rajesh Khanna and Raj Kapoor together is set in the period 1944-1947.
 Kathleen Ann Merrigan was sworn in as the United States Deputy Secretary of Agriculture on April 8 2009. She resigned from this position on March 14 2013.Merrigan helped develop USDA's organic labeling rules while head of the Agricultural Marketing Service from 1999-2001. Between her USDA positions she worked at Tufts University as Director of the Agriculture Food and Environment Program. She has a PhD in environmental planning from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
 Restraining Order is a 1999 film directed by Lee H. Katzin. It stars Eric Roberts and Hannes Jaenicke.
 Beacon Street is a major thoroughfare in Boston Massachusetts and several of its western suburbs. Beacon Street in Boston Brookline Brighton and Newton is not to be confused with the Beacon Street in nearby Somerville or others elsewhere.
 Y Tu Mamá También (English: And Your Mother Too) is a 2001 Mexican drama film directed by Alfonso Cuarón and co-written by Cuarón and his brother Carlos. The film is a coming-of-age story about two teenage boys taking a road trip with a woman in her late 20s; it stars Mexican actors Diego Luna and Gael García Bernal and Spanish actress Maribel Verdú in the leading roles.
 Liver flukes are parasites. They are a polyphyletic group of trematodes (phylum Platyhelminthes). Adults of liver flukes are localized in the liver of various mammals including humans. These flatworms can occur in bile ducts gallbladder and liver parenchyma. They feed on blood.
 Andris Vilks (born 15 June 1963) is a Latvian politician member of the Unity party and the incumbent Minister of Finance of Latvia since 3 November 2010.
 Eat the Document is a documentary of Bob Dylan's 1966 tour of the United Kingdom with the Hawks. It was shot under Dylan's direction by D. A. Pennebaker whose groundbreaking documentary Dont Look Back [sic] chronicled Dylan's 1965 British tour. The film was originally commissioned for the ABC television series Stage '66.Though shooting had completed for the film Dylan's July 1966 motorcycle accident delayed the editing process. Once well enough to work again Dylan edited the film himself.
 Acrosphalia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Cuejdiu River or Cuejd River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 City of Pearls: a Tale of Neglected People is a 2011 Documentary film produced by the Hyderabad chapter of Students Islamic Organisation of India. The 38-minute documentary captures the paradox between the high-rise buildings malls flyovers and the abject poverty and lack of basic amenities in the slums of Hyderabad. The documentary was released by Dr. S.Q.R Ilyas Secretary Welfare Party of India in a special screening organised at Madina Education Centre Hyderabad.
 The Angolite is the inmate published and edited magazine of the Louisiana State Penitentiary (Angola) in West Feliciana Parish Louisiana.
 Quriqucha (Quechua quri gold qucha lake gold lake hispanicized spelling Coricocha Qoricocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region Calca Province Coya District. It is situated at a height of about 4020 metres (13189 ft). Quriqucha lies west of the Willkanuta River and the little town Taray.
 Zuluiceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Benaughlin Mountain (from Irish: Binn Eachlabhra) is a mountain in the Cuilcagh Mountain range in County Fermanagh Northern Ireland. Its composition is mainly of sandstone limestone and shale.At its highest point Benaughlin is 373 metres (1224 ft) above sea level. A section of the Ulster Way passes around the side of the mountain within 300 m of the summit.The name Benaughlin comes from the Irish: Binn Eachlabhra which means peak of the speaking horse.
 The Prince of Wales Mountains are a mountain range running along the central-east coast of Ellesmere Island Nunavut Canada. The range is one of the most northern ranges in the world and of the Arctic Cordillera which is a vast deeply dissected mountain range from Ellesmere Island to the northernmost tip of Labrador. The Prince of Wales Icefield lies mostly in the range.
 The Sherbrooke Nature and Science Museum (French: Musée de la nature et des sciences de Sherbrooke) is a Natural history museum and Science museum in downtown Sherbrooke Quebec Canada. It is located at 225 Frontenac Street in downtown Sherbrooke.The museum receives funding from the City of Sherbrooke the Quebec Ministry of Culture and Communications the Department of Canadian Heritage as well as sponsorships special grants and private funding.
 Kiwitrechus karenscottae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Kiwitrechus.
 Iska is a village in Koonga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 The Birmingham News is the principal newspaper for Birmingham Alabama United States and the largest newspaper in Alabama. The paper is owned by Advance Publications and was a daily newspaper from its founding through September 30 2012. The next day the News and its two sister Alabama newspapers the Press-Register in Mobile and The Huntsville Times moved to a thrice-weekly print-edition publication schedule (Sundays Wednesdays and Fridays).
 Primary Health Care is a professional magazine published 10 times a year by the Royal College of Nursing. It publishes news features and clinical articles relevant to the practice of community health nursing in the United Kingdom. It is available in print or digital format.The magazine was established in 1982. It is indexed by the British Nursing Index and CINAHL and available through most online aggregators as well as from the publisher.
 Obsession is the seventh album by the British rock band UFO released in 1978. This was the final studio album to feature Michael Schenker on lead guitar until he returned to the band in 1993.A single from the album Only You Can Rock Me / Cherry was also released in 1978. So too was the band's first 3-track EP Only You Can Rock Me Cherry / Rock Bottom reaching No. 50 in the UK.2008 EMI's remastered edition includes 3 bonus live tracks and also some writing credits are corrected.
 Clarence C. Hoffman (born August 7 1933) served in the Iowa House of Representatives 1998–2008 most recently from the 55th District.In his final Iowa House term Mr. Hoffman served on the Commerce committee; the Local Government committee the Economic Growth committee where he was the ranking member and on the Economic Development Appropriations Subcommittee.Hoffman was re-elected in 2006 with 6297 votes running unopposed.
 Wilczak [ˈvilt͡ʂak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz within Gorlice County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Biecz 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Gorlice and 100 km (62 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Chlidonoptera is a genus of praying mantis in the family Acromantinae.
 A New and Exact Map is the fourth album by SubArachnoid Space released on October 15 2000 through September Gurls.
 Rise to Power is the third album by Kane & Abel. It was released on September 21 1999 for Elektra Records and was produced by Kane & Abel. The album found some success peaking at #61 on the Billboard 200 and #11 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums but was not as successful as the group's previous album Am I My Brother's Keeper. As of 2004 Rise to Power sold 115000 copies.
 Cool Hand Luke is a 1967 American prison drama film directed by Stuart Rosenberg starring Paul Newman and featuring George Kennedy in an Oscar-winning performance. Newman stars in the title role as Luke a prisoner in a Florida prison camp who refuses to submit to the system.The film set in the 1940s is based on Donn Pearce's 1965 novel of the same name. Pearce sold the story to Warner Brothers who then hired him to write the script.
 The Halesowen News is a local free newspaper which serves the Halesowen area of the West Midlands in England. It has been in circulation since February 1985 and as well as residents of Halesowen it is also posted to the homes of readers living in surrounding communities including Quinton Rowley Regis Blackheath Cradley Heath Old Hill and Cradley. Halesowen News Website
 This Is My Dream is the third album by R&B group Switch. It was released in 1980. This is also the only album during their tenure with Motown not to feature input from Jermaine Jackson; they produced this album themselves. It included the hit Love Over And Over Again which Bobby DeBarge wrote with his sister and future DeBarge member Bunny DeBarge.
 The Pasión River (Spanish: Río de la Pasión) is a river located in the northern lowlands region of Guatemala. The river is fed by a number of upstream tributaries whose sources lie in the hills of Alta Verapaz. These flow in a general northerly direction to form the Pasión which then tends westwards to meet up with the Salinas River at 16°28′52″N 90°32′39″W. At this confluence the greater Usumacinta River is formed which runs northward to its eventual outlet in the Gulf of Mexico.
 Matter of Dayz is the twelfth studio album by rapper Daz Dillinger. It was released on November 30 of 2010 by the Gangsta Advisory Records.
 Thomattuchal is a village in Wayanad district in the state of Kerala India.
 William Freame Johnston (November 29 1808 – October 25 1872) was the 11th Governor of Pennsylvania from 1848 to 1852. A lawyer by training Johnston became district attorney of Westmoreland County at the age of 21 in 1829.
 Sinjar Mountain (Arabic: جبل سنجار‎; also Shengar/Shengal Mountains; Kurdish: چیای شه‌نگال/شه‌نگار) is a single ridge of mountains located in Nineveh Governorate in northwestern Iraq. It is situated near a city of the same name (Sinjar).The mountains are mainly inhabited by Yazidis who venerate them and consider the highest to be the place where Noah's Ark settled after the biblical flood.
 Pained (통증 Tong Jeung lit. Pain) is a 2011 South Korean film directed by Kwak Kyung-taek. Kwak's first feature in three years it is a romantic melodrama set in Seoul which is a departure from the director's previous Busan-based masculine thrillers and gangster movies. It is adapted from an original story by popular webcomic artist Kang Full.
 Tantris is a restaurant in Munich Germany. Opened in 1971 it is regarded as one of the best restaurants in Germany. It was voted 44th best in the world in the Restaurant (magazine) Top 50 2009.[citation needed] Chefs have included Eckart Witzigmann and Heinz Winkler. Since 1991 the chef has been Hans Haas.Tantris has been awarded two Michelin stars.
 Where the West Begins is a 1938 American film directed by J.P. McGowan.
 Broadside is a weekly single-panel comic published in the Navy Times since 1986 and written by Jeff Bacon. The humor is very specifically directed at United States Navy personnel and considered nearly incomprehensible by many non-Navy servicepersons. Bacon also writes a second cartoon called Greenside featuring United States Marine Corps personnel stationed aboard Navy vessels.
 The E. H. Hobe House or Solheim (Norwegian for Home of the Sun) was built in 1897 by Engelbrecht H. Hobe a Norwegian immigrant who worked for the newspaper Nordvesten was a lumber dealer steam-ship agent and who became Vice-Consul then Consul to the Norwegian-Swedish Kingdoms. The Victorian home was visited by Swedish King Gustav V and Crown Prince Olav and Princess Märtha of Norway. In 1918 Hobe purchased the Phillip J. Reilly house in St.
 Nuno Álvares Pereira was the 5th Governor of Portuguese Ceylon. de Meneses was appointed in 1616 under Philip II of Portugal he was Governor until 1618. He was succeeded by Constantino de Sá de Noronha.
 Weißer See is a lake in Kargow Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 63.6 m its surface area is 0.062 km².
 Vernon God Little (2003) is a novel by DBC Pierre. It was his debut novel and won the Booker Prize in 2003 and has been adapted as two different stage plays.
 Bethlehem Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church building at Wall and Gilmore Streets in Barnwell South Carolina.The Eclectic style building was constructed in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Nairobi Java House is a chain of coffee houses and exporters with its head office in ABC Place in Nairobi Kenya founded in 1999. Along with Dorman's Coffee the other major chain in the city it is one of the few places where one can find export-quality Kenyan coffee brewed and served in the region. The chain is known for its variety of Kenyan coffees and teas home baked bread Mexican cuisine and free wireless Internet access which are unusual in the area.
 Dead Air is a 2009 horror/science fiction film. Dead Air focuses on a radio station that warns its listeners after an explosion unleashes zombies into Los Angeles. Writer Kenny Yakkel explains that the zombies are not actual zombies It's like a PCP zombie movie that's my take on it 'cause they're not really dead.
 The Rice River (Little Fork River) is a river of Minnesota.
 Leon Stavrinakis is a state representative from South Carolina. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
 Kontrewers [kɔnˈtrɛvɛrs] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dalików within Poddębice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Dalików 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Poddębice and 26 km (16 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Biotechnology and Applied Biochemistry is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of biotechnology applied to medicine veterinary medicine and diagnostics. Topics covered include the expression extraction purification formulation stability and characterization of both natural and recombinant biological molecules. As of 2013 Biotechnology and Applied Biochemistry is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
 Baijayant Jay Panda is an Indian politician currently serving as a Member of Parliament in the Lok Sabha. Elected from the Kendrapara constituency he belongs to the Biju Janata Dal party. Previously he had served in the indirectly elected Rajya Sabha from 2000 to 2009.
 Coleophora glaucella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including California.The larvae feed on the leaves of Arctostaphylos glauca. They create a spatulate leaf case.
 Balmukund Singh Goutam (Hindi pronunciation: [balmʊkʊnd̪ ɡəʊt̪əm]) is an Indian politician from Madhya Pradesh state. A member of Indian National Congress (commonly known as the Congress) Goutam served as a Member of the Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly (Madhya Pradesh Vidhan Sabha) for Dhar Constituency. He was arrested in a bootlegging case in December 2012.
 Digita ampullai is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Taiwan.Adults have been found from March to December probably in several generations.The wingspan is 9-10 mm. The crosslines are all present. The antemedial and postmedial lines are prominent black and slightly waved. The terminal line is marked by tight black interveinal spots. The hindwing is blackish brown and without a discal spot.
 Newington House is a historic house in Silverwater New South Wales Australia and is located 20 kilometres west of the Sydney central business district in the local government area of Auburn Council. The house and chapel are sited on the northern bank of the Parramatta River and are now enclosed by the Silverwater Correctional Centre.
 Qaleh Sargodar (Persian: قلعه سرگدار‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Sargodār) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 7 families.
 Seán Kyne (born May 1975) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway West constituency at the 2011 general election.He is from Moycullen County Galway. He attended St Mary's College Galway National University of Ireland Galway and University College Dublin where he studied Agricultural science.At the 2004 local elections he was elected to Galway County Council for the Connemara electoral area.
 Langston Golf Course is an 18-hole golf course in Washington D.C. established in 1939. It was named for John Mercer Langston an African American who was the first dean of the Howard University School of Law the first president of Virginia Normal and Collegiate Institute (now Virginia State University) and the first African American elected to the United States Congress from Virginia.
 Dalimierz [daˈlimjɛʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów within Koszalin County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Polanów 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Koszalin and 157 km (98 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 10.
 A Kiss for Corliss is a 1949 film directed by Richard Wallace. It stars Shirley Temple in her final starring role as well as her final film appearance. It is a sequel to the 1945 film Kiss and Tell. For some reason it is also known as Almost a Bride.
 Woody's Knob (Charlie Woody Mountain) at an elevation of 4170 feet is a summit or knob in the Blue Ridge Mountains and one of the highest points in the unincorporated village of Little Switzerland and in Mitchell County North Carolina.
 Onset of Putrefaction is the debut album by German technical death metal band Necrophagist. It was recorded almost solely by the band's founder guitarist and vocalist Muhammed Suiçmez. He recorded all the vocal tracks and programmed the drum tracks with the help of a computer.
 The Xeriuini River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Lobogenesis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Diabantia minima is a species of praying mantis in the genus Diabantia in the order Mantodea.
 The dolphin genus Sotalia is considered to have two member species with the classification of Sotalia guianensis as a distinct species from Sotalia fluviatilis in 2007. This was a result of recent morphometric analyses as well as mitochondrial DNA analysis.Members of this genus are found in the Atlantic and Caribbean coasts of Central and South America as well as in the Amazon River and most of its tributaries.
 Dunja Mijatović is an expert on media law and media regulation. In 2010 she succeeded Miklós Haraszti as the OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media and in 2013 she was reappointed for a second three-year term as the Representative .
 Bicyclus dubia the Dubious Scalloped Bush Brown is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Central African Republic the southern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo western Uganda north-western Tanzania and north-western Zambia. The habitat consists of swamp and riverine forests.Adults are attracted to fermented bananas.The larvae feed on Poaceae species.
 Heydarabad-e Qur Tapasi (Persian: حيدرابادقورتپسي‎ also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād-e Qūr Tapasī; also known as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Vardasht Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Euchromia jacksoni is a species of moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found in Uganda.
 Kohnak (Persian: كهنك‎ also Romanized as Kohonak; also known as Kahnag Kāhūnak Kohang and Kūhānak) is a village in Choghamish Rural District Choghamish District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1520 in 279 families.
 Coleura is a genus of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae. It contains the following species: African Sheath-tailed Bat (Coleura afra) (Coleura kibomalandy) Seychelles Sheath-tailed Bat (Coleura seychellensis)
 The European Journal of Pharmaceutics and Biopharmaceutics is a peer-reviewed medical journal and the official journal of the International Association for Pharmaceutical Technology. It publishes research on pharmaceutical technology pharmaceutical biotechnology and biopharmaceutics.
 Mingus is the tenth studio album by Joni Mitchell and a collaboration with jazz musician Charles Mingus. Recorded in the months before his death it would be Mingus's final musical project; the album is wholly dedicated to him.The album is quite experimental featuring minimalist jazz overplucked buzzing acoustic guitars and even wolves howling through The Wolf That Lives In Lindsey.
 The European Physical Journal A: Hadrons and Nuclei is an academic journal recognized by the European Physical Society presenting new and original research results in a variety of formats including Regular Articles Reviews Tools for Experiment and Theory/Scientific Notes and Letters.
 Lake Rotoroa lies within the borders of Nelson Lakes National Park in the South Island New Zealand. The lake is fed by the D'Urville and Sabine rivers. The greatest depth is 145 metres and the lake is completely surrounded by beech forest. Rotoroa is a small community at the base of the lake.
 Rat in the Kitchen is the seventh album by UB40 released in July 1986. This album contained two UK hits Sing Our Own Song (UK #5 in 1986) and Rat in Mi Kitchen (UK #12 in 1987). The album itself reached 8 in the UK album charts in 1986 staying in the charts for twenty weeks.
 Black Thunder was a 1998 action film starring Michael Dudikoff and Richard Norton and directed by Rick Jacobson. The story follows Vince (Michael Dudikoff) and Jannick (Gary Hudson) as they are sent to retrieve a stealth plane stolen by Libyan terrorists newly developed by the United States.
 We Ride: The Story of Snowboarding is a feature-length documentary produced by Burn (energy drink) and filmed and edited by creative production company Grain Media.The film traces snowboarding’s routes back to the very beginning of the sport starting in 1965 with Sherman Poppen’s home-made invention for children chronicling its boom in the 90s up to its present mainstream status as a global cultural phenomenon.
 The Albany Law Review is a quarterly law review edited by students at Albany Law School. The Albany Law Review is the school's flagship journal and one of three student-edited law journals published by the school. The other journals are the Albany Law Journal of Science and Technology and the Albany Government Law Review.
 The AORN Journal is a peer-reviewed nursing journal in the field of perioperative nursing and is the official journal of the Association of periOperative Registered Nurses (AORN).
 Hania Stach is the debut studio album by Polish singer Hania Stach which was released in Poland on May 22 2004 by Pomaton EMI.The album was saled over 10.000 copies.
 William J. Lederer (December 14 1924 – January 20 2008) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Donna Fournier Cuomo (born March 19 1947 in Lawrence Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 14th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1993–1999. She later served as the deputy director of the Department of Public Safety's programs division.Cuomo was briefly a Republican candidate for Lieutenant Governor in 2002. She announced her candidacy on April 2 2002 and dropped out of the race the next day.
 The Cheud River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Altella biuncata is a spider species found in Central Europe.
 Sevincer is a village in the District of Amasya Amasya Province Turkey.
 László Szilágyi (born August 29 1965) is a Hungarian teacher and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Politics Can Be Different (LMP) National List since 2010.
 St Anne's Church Bukit Mertajam is a famous Roman Catholic church located in Bukit Mertajam Penang Malaysia. It is one of the parishes in the Diocese of Penang. Its annual celebration of the feast of St Anne regularly attracts over 100000 pilgrims from Malaysia as well as neighbouring countries like Singapore the Philippines and Australia. The celebrations lasts for 10 days and includes the actual feast day on 26 July.
 The Broad-billed Sandpiper (Limicola falcinellus) is a small wading bird. It is the only member of the genus Limicola; some have proposed that it should be placed in the genus Erolia with the stint sandpipers[citation needed] but more recent research (Thomas et al. 2004) suggests that it should rather go into the genus Philomachus with the ruff and possibly the Sharp-tailed Sandpiper; it certainly is a fairly unusual calidrid.
 The Taylor Daily Press is a newspaper in Taylor Texas. It has recently introduced a free online edition. The Taylor Daily Press calls itself Eastern Williamson County's only daily newspaper.Earlier called the Taylor Press it was published from 1959-1974 by Frank W. Mayborn the late publisher of the Temple Daily Telegram and the Killeen Daily Herald.
 Norman Archibald Macrae (N.A.M.) MacKenzie CC CMG MM CD QC FRSC (January 5 1894 – January 26 1986) was the President of the University of British Columbia from 1944 to 1962 and a Senator from 1966 to 1969.
 The Vero Centre (constructed as the Royal & SunAlliance Centre) is a high rise office tower located in Auckland New Zealand. Constructed in 2000 it was Auckland's first major tower built since the 1980s. The centre contains a health club and gymnasium main entry public foyer retail outlets in the 5 podium levels and 32 office levels. As of 2005 it is New Zealand’s tallest and most technologically advanced landmark office tower.
 The Barrie Jail colloquially referred to as the Barrie Bucket located at 87 Mulcaster Street in Barrie Ontario Canada was a maximum-security facility housing offenders awaiting trial sentencing or transfer to federal and provincial correctional facilities opened in 1841 and closed in 2001.
 Jack is a Canadian television film which debuted on CBC Television on March 10 2013. A biopic of the late Jack Layton the film stars Rick Roberts as Layton and Sook-Yin Lee as Olivia Chow. The film was originally announced in 2012 as Smilin' Jack: The Jack Layton Story.The film's cast also includes Zachary Bennett as Brad Lavigne Joel S.
 Westmead Hospital is a major 975 bed tertiary hospital in Sydney Australia opened on 10 November 1978 by the then Premier Neville Wran and guest of honour was former Prime Minister Gough Whitlam. It is a teaching hospital of Sydney Medical School at the University of Sydney and forms part of the Western Sydney Local Health District.The hospital serves a population of 1.85m people and is located on one of the largest health and hospital campuses in Australia.
 Amsterdam Castle also known as the Amsterdam Armory was built in 1895 by Isaac G. Perry and is a former National Guard Armory located in Amsterdam NY. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. Amsterdam Castle was decommissioned in 1994 and purchased by the Diana family from the State of New York in 1995.
 Gattu is a 2012 Hindi film directed by Rajan Khosa which gained high recognition in the Film Festival circuit. Khosa is most known for his previous film Dance of the Wind (1997).
 Afterparty Babies is the second album by Canadian rapper Cadence Weapon released on 4 March 2008 by Anti-Records and Upper Class Recordings in the United States and Canada and 10 March 2008 by Big Dada in the United Kingdom. After signing with US label Anti- and the re-release of his debut album Breaking Kayfabe he spent eleven months in his hometown of Edmonton to work on new material for his next album.
 The Daventry Express is a local weekly newspaper serving Daventry and the surrounding villages. It is currently published every Thursday. It has a circulation of 7500 and is owned by Johnston Press.Its offices are located in Daventry High Street.In 1869 the Daventry Express was published on Saturdays by Thomas and John William Barrett.
 Perzyny [pɛˈʐɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń within Nowy Tomyśl County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Zbąszyń 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Nowy Tomyśl and 70 km (43 mi) west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Metaxanthops acutus is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae the only species in the genus Metaxanthops.
 Hypaedalea butleri is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from forests from Sierra Leone to Congo and Uganda.The length of the forewings is 25–27 mm for males and 25–27 mm for females. The thorax has a large green median dorsal patch that extends onto the head and is laterally bordered by a brown line. The abdomen is pale yellowish-brown. The thorax and abdomen are buff-yellow ventrally.
 Echilamvayal is a village in the Kannur district of Kerala India located in the western side of Kallan Kunnu (Kallan Hill) on the Payyanur-Pulingome state highway. Echilamvayal is primarily an agriculture area. Most of the farmers cultivate rice coconut arica nut banana and other plantation and horticulture crops.The eastern side of Kallan Hill is primarily ghat areas and the south north and western sides are agricultural lands.
 The Havelock City Project well known locally for its Asia Pacific Property Awards is one of the largest and most expensive multi-purpose real-estate development projects in the world being constructed in the Havelock Town region of Sri Lanka.
 Squatina caillieti is a species of angel shark family Squatinidae known only from a 33 cm (13 in) long immature female caught in the Philippines where it is the only known representative of its family. It has a flattened body and head with greatly expanded pectoral and pelvic fins and is greenish above with brown spots.
 Bullet Park is a 1969 novel by American Novelist John Cheever about an earnest yet pensive father Eliot Nailles and his troubled son Tony and their predestined fate with a psychotic man Hammer who moves to Bullet Park to sacrifice one of them. The book deals with the failure of the American dream spoken in a fable-like tone in similar vein with Richard Yates' Revolutionary Road and The Great Gatsby.
 The Road Ahead is a book written by Bill Gates co-founder and then-CEO of the Microsoft software company together with Microsoft executive Nathan Myhrvold and journalist Peter Rinearson.
 Andrew William Mellon (/ˈmɛlən/; March 24 1855 – August 26 1937) was an American banker businessman industrialist philanthropist art collector United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom and United States Secretary of the Treasury from March 4 1921 to February 12 1932 from the wealthy Mellon family of Pennsylvania.
 The Danța River is a tributary of the Valea Vițeilor River in Romania.
 Donde duermen dos... duermen tres is a 1979 Argentine comedy film directed by Enrique Cahen Salaberry.
 Larry R. Teague (born in Nashville Arkansas) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Arkansas Senate representing District 10 since January 14 2013. Teague served consecutively in the Arkansas General Assembly from January 2009 until January 2013 in the Senate District 20 seat and non-consecutively from January 1997 until January 2003 in the Arkansas House of Representatives District 19 seat.
 Courier-Express redirects here. There is also a newspaper in DuBois Pennsylvania that goes by this name.The Buffalo Courier-Express was a morning newspaper in Buffalo New York. It ceased publication in September 1982.The Courier-Express was created in 1926 by a merger of the Buffalo Daily Courier and the Buffalo Morning Express. William James Conners owner of the Buffalo Courier brought the two papers together. The combined newspapers claimed a heritage dating to 1828.
 Machine Gun McCain (Italian: ''Gli intoccabili'' and also known as For a Price) is a 1969 Italian crime film directed by Giuliano Montaldo based on the 1961 novel Candyleg by Ovid Demaris.
 92 in the Shade is a 1975 film written and directed by Thomas McGuane based on his 1973 novel of the same name. It stars Peter Fonda Warren Oates Elizabeth Ashley and Margot Kidder.
 Die Maske des Roten Todes (German „The Masque of the Red Death“) is the third album by German punk band Feeling B. It was released in 1993. It is named after a Short Story of Edgar Allan Poe
 A Cat in Paris (Une vie de chat) is a 2010 French animated adventure/crime film by the French animation studio Folimage telling the story of a young Parisian girl whose cat leads her to unravel a thrilling mystery over the course of a single evening. The film was directed by Alain Gagnol and Jean-Loup Felicioli.A Cat in Paris was first screened on October 15 2010 at the Saint-Quentin Ciné-Jeune Film Festival. It was released in French theaters on December 15 2010.
 Paul Couture (April 15 1833 – November 30 1913) was a dairy farmer and political figure in Quebec. He represented Chicoutimi—Saguenay in the Canadian House of Commons from 1887 to 1891 as an Independent member.He was born in Saint-Charles Bellechasse County Lower Canada. In 1857 he married Philomène Boulanger.
 The New Cathedral of Coimbra (Portuguese: Sé Nova de Coimbra) or the Cathedral of the Holy name of Jesus is the current bishopric seat of the city of Coimbra in Portugal. The Cathedral is located near the historical University of Coimbra in the upper part of the town (Alta de Coimbra).
 The Intrigue is a surviving 1916 silent film drama produced by Pallas Pictures and released through Paramount Pictures. Frank Lloyd directed the film which was written by Julia Crawford Ivers and photographed by her son James Van Trees. The star is young Lenore Ulric and a young unknown King Vidor makes one of his earliest appearances in a film as an actor. The movie is also one of the earliest surviving films of Vidor's wife Florence.
 The Ranger and the Lady is a 1940 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers.
 Xystochroma setigerum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Schmidt in 1924.
 Serious Charge is a 1959 film now most notable for being Cliff Richard’s screen acting début in a very minor supporting role playing a layabout teenage musician called Curley Thompson.The film was adapted from a stage play written by Philip King. One of the teenage delinquent gang members was played by another 1950s rock and roll star the uncredited Jess Conrad in an early acting performance.
 The La Touche's free-tailed bat (Tadarida latouchei) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae. It is found in China Japan and Thailand.
 The Sumatran orangutan (Pongo abelii) is one of the two species of orangutans. Found only on the island of Sumatra in Indonesia it is rarer than the Bornean orangutan.
 The Mont Charvin (2409 m) is a mountain in the Aravis massif in Savoie and Haute-Savoie France.
 Galactic Odyssey is a science fiction novel by author Keith Laumer.It was first serialized in IF magazine (May–July 1967)and first published in novel form in 1967. It was also known under the title Spaceman.
 The Flint Enquirer is a small-circulation newspaper serving the African American community of Genesee County Michigan. It is distributed at local colleges and other locations.
 Anumeta asiatica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in south-western Iran Iraq Kuwait Saudi Arabia Oman the United Arab Emirates and in the Arava Valley in Israel.There is one generation per year. Adults are on wing from May to August.The larvae probably feed on Calligonum species.
 The Industrial Minerals (IM) publication is a specialist online service (supported by a monthly print magazine) covering all aspects of the non-metallic minerals industry. This is represented by its tagline: from mine to market.
 Haresabad (Persian: حارث اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩāres̄ābād; also known as Moslemābād) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1339 in 368 families.
 Screeching Weasel was the eponymously titled debut studio album by the American punk rock band Screeching Weasel. It was originally released with 27 tracks on September 10 1987 through Underdog Records and licensed to What Goes On Records for release in the United Kingdom. The album was reissued on CD by VML Records in 1997 after remaining out of print for a decade.
 Prism is an album by American jazz pianist Matthew Shipp featuring his trio with bassist William Parker and drummer Whit Dickey which was recorded live in 1993 and released on the small Dutch Brinkman label. The album was reissued in 2000 by hatOLOGY.
 Günaydın (literally: Good Morning) was a Turkish newspaper. It was established in 1968 by Haldun Simavi and ceased publication in 1998.A book on the newspaper was published in 2006 titled Türk Basınında Kayan Yıldız: Haldun Simavi'nin Günaydın'ı (The Turkish Press's Shooting Star: Haldun Simavi's Günaydın).
 Üle rahutu vee is a novel by Estonian author August Gailit. It was first published in 1951.
 Madame Irma is a 2006 comedy French film directed by Didier Bourdon and Yves Fajnberge and starring Didier Bourdon and Pascal Légitimus.
 Love Me Again is a 2008 Filipino film starring Angel Locsin with Piolo Pascual released under Star Cinema. The film was directed by award-winning film director Rory Quintos.Love Me Again had its world premiere in Los Angeles on December 6 2008 and in San Francisco California on December 7 2008. It opened in Philippine theaters last January 15 2009.
 Veli Kaarlo Merikoski (born 2 January 1905 in Pyhtää died 28 January 1982) was a professor in the University of Helsinki and once the Minister for Foreign Affairs representing People's Party. Merikoski worked as an associate professor of administrative courts in the University of Helsinki 1937-1941. From 1941 to 1970 he was a professor.
 No Borders Here is the second album (and first to be available outside Canada) by Jane Siberry.The album's single Mimi on the Beach was Siberry's breakthrough hit in her native Canada and remains one of her most famous songs. Toronto's CFNY was the first radio station in Canada to recognize the song's hit potential.[citation needed] The song's video was also one of the first influential clips on MuchMusic.
 Tifata is a mountain of Campania Italy. The Abbey of Sant'Angelo in Formis is located on its western slopes.
 Lake Lestijärvi is a medium-sized lake of Central Ostrobothnia Finland. It is the 64th biggest lake in Finland. Lake Lestijärvi is a well-known site for fishing big perch and pike. All the region's lakes are shallow Lestijärvi also.
 Chromodes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Grand Hyatt Kuala Lumpur is a 39-storey hotel in Kuala Lumpur that officially opened August 24 2012. The hotel is part of Hyatt Hotels Corporation properties. Grand Hyatt Kuala Lumpur a 412-room hotel is located within Menara Darussalam which also comprises office spaces from level 3 to 15. The hotel is situated along Jalan Pinang and adjacent to the Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre.
 Trinity Methodist Church also known as Trinity United Methodist Church and New Light Baptist Church is a historic Methodist church located in Richmond Virginia. It was built between 1859 and 1875 and is a three-story Italianate style stuccoed brick structure. It features a three-stage central tower with an octagonal third stage that rises above the ridge of the gable roof.
 St John the Divine Kennington is an Anglican church in London. The parish of Kennington is within the Anglican Diocese of Southwark. The church was designed by the architect George Edmund Street (who also built the Royal Courts of Justice on Strand London) in the Decorated Gothic style and was built between 1871 and 1874. Today it is a grade I listed building.The church stands on Vassall Road Kennington in Vassall Ward in the London Borough of Lambeth.
 Baazi (Hindi: बाज़ी Urdu: بازی) is a 1968 Bollywood film directed by Moni Bhattacharjee. The film stars Dharmendra Waheeda Rehman Mehmood Johnny Walker Helen Keshto Mukherjee and Chand Usmani.
 Un'anima divisa in due (also known as A Soul Divided in Two and A Soul Split in Two) is a 1993 Italian romance-drama film directed by Silvio Soldini. The film entered the 50th Venice International Film Festival where Fabrizio Bentivoglio was awarded with the Volpi Cup for best actor.
 The Pârâul Caprei is a tributary of the Hosu River in Romania.
 The Beast Within is a 1982 horror film directed by Philippe Mora and starring Ronny Cox Bibi Besch Paul Clemens L. Q. Jones Don Gordon R. G. Armstrong Katherine Moffat and Meshach Taylor.The film is a very loose adaptation of Edward Levy's 1981 novel of the same name. The screenplay was written by Tom Holland and an uncredited Danilo Bach; it was Holland's first feature film script though he had previously written for television.
 Marvin Willis Lucas Jr. (born 1941) is a Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's forty-second House district since 2001. His district includes constituents in Cumberland and Harnett counties. He serves as the House Democratic Conference Co-Chair. Lucas is a retired school principal from Spring Lake North Carolina.
 Orthotylus curvipennis is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that is endemic to Sicily.
 Acastocephala is a genus of trilobite from the middle Silurian known from the United Kingdom.
 The Wild Scene (1970) is a film starring Alberta Nelson in the story of Dr. Virginia Grant a female psychiatrist who talks graphically about her tawdriest cases. When she goes underground to investigate her college daughter's sordid activities she gets drawn into a world of prostitution orgies drugs and more. This is the last credited role for Alberta Nelson.
 The Safe House is a 1975 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about the fate of Jews and Nazis after World War II.
 Pál Hoffman (born 27 October 1948) is a Hungarian politician and former professional handball player who has been the mayor of Tököl since 1990. He is a member of the National Assembly (MP) for Szigetszentmiklós (Pest County Constituency XII) since 2010.
 Marion C. Greene (born July 16 1970) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented District 60A which includes portions of the city of Minneapolis in Hennepin County which is in the Twin Cities metropolitan area. A Democrat she is a health policy analyst for St. Jude Medical in Little Canada.Greene was first elected to the House in 2010.
 Joseph Lentol (born January 15 1943) represents District 50 in the New York State Assembly which comprises Greenpoint Williamsburg and Fort Greene among other neighborhoods located in the northern portion of the New York City borough of Brooklyn.A member of the legislature since 1972 Lentol has served as Chairman of the Committee on Codes since 1992.
 Aalkistensee is a lake in Kraichgau Baden-Württemberg Germany. At an elevation of ca 250 m its surface area is 0.136 km².
 Lemyra heringi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Daniel in 1943. It is found in China (Yunnan).
 The Boxer is the debut solo album by Kele Okereke the lead singer of British indie rock band Bloc Party. Okereke released the album under the professional name of Kele on 21 June 2010. As promotion he uploaded the songs Rise and Walk Tall to his personal website on 13 May. The first single from The Boxer was Tenderoni released on 14 June and the second Everything You Wanted on 16 August.
 Wayne is an unincorporated community located on the Main Line centered in Delaware County Pennsylvania United States. While the center of Wayne is in Radnor Township Wayne extends into both Tredyffrin Township in Chester County and Upper Merion Township in Montgomery County. The center of Wayne was designated the Downtown Wayne Historic District in 2012.
 The Life of Arseniev (Russian: Жизнь Арсеньева) is an autobiographical novel by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin seen by many as his most important work written in emigration. The Life of Arseniev was being written and published in parts in the course of the 12 years in 1927-1939 in France. In 1952 the New-York-based Chekhov Publishers released the first edition of the novel as a whole entitled The Life of Arseniev. Youth.
 Siah Varud (Persian: سياه ورود‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Varūd Seyāh Varūd Sīāh Vorūd and Sīyāh Varūd; also known as Seyāh Rūd Sīāhrūd Sīāveh Rūd and Siyakh-Rud) is a village in Aliyan Rural District Sardar-e Jangal District Fuman County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 712 in 177 families.
 Battery 223 is located in Lower Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The battery was built in 1942 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 25 2008.
 Ghost Opera is the eighth studio album from metal band Kamelot. It was released in 2007 by SPV GmbH/Steamhammer Records on June 1 in Germany and followed by releases on June 4 in Europe and June 5 in the United States. It is the first studio album by Kamelot to feature keyboardist Oliver Palotai and the last with former bassist Glenn Barry.
 Love Matters (Chinese: 幸福万岁) is a Singaporean film written and directed by Jack Neo and Gilbert Chan and produced by Neo Studios mm Studios and Grand Billiance.
 Half Moon Bay is a live album by jazz pianist Bill Evans with Eddie Gomez and Marty Morell recorded at the Bach Dancing and Dynamite Society in Half Moon Bay California in 1973 and released on the Milestone label in 1998.
 Genocide Studies and Prevention the official publication of the International Association of Genocide Scholars is a peer-reviewed academic journal that seeks to educate inform and encourage new generations of scholars to conduct research on genocide and to provide a forum for those who wish to work toward genocide prevention.
 Alexander Ferguson MacLaren (February 3 1854 – April 19 1917) was a Canadian manufacturer exporter and politician.Born in Perth Lanark County Canada West the son of John MacLaren a native of Perthshire Scotland MacLaren moved to Cromarty in Perth County with his family while still young. He was employed with a dairyman to learn cheese making but soon joined Thomas Ballantyne a major cheese manufacturer and exporter.
 The Quino River is a river of Chile.
 Gullsteinen is a large hill in Bergen Norway. It is part of the Løvstakken mountain massif. Its peak is located 354 metres above sea level and is accessible by hiking paths from all sides.
 Admissions is a 2011 American short film written by John Viscount and directed by Harry Kakatsakis. The film revolves around an Israeli couple and a Palestinian man that killed them in a suicide bombing. The three are placed in an admissions room for the afterlife and must plead their case before the clerk (James Cromwell). The film received funds from a successful Kickstarter campaign.
 Phenomenon is the third studio album by the British rock band UFO released in May 1974.
 Carolyn G. Goodman (born March 25 1939) is the mayor of Las Vegas Nevada. She is the wife of former mayor and lawyer Oscar Goodman and the second female mayor of Las Vegas.She earned a bachelor's degree in anthropology from Bryn Mawr College in 1961. Carolyn and her husband Oscar moved to Las Vegas from Philadelphia as newlyweds in 1964. She graduated the University of Nevada Las Vegas in 1973 with a master's degree in counseling.
 The Decline of the American Empire (French Le Déclin de l'empire américain) is a 1986 Canadian comedy/drama film directed by Denys Arcand. It was followed by two sequels The Barbarian Invasions in 2003 and Days of Darkness in 2007.
 Márkos Kyprianoú (Greek: Μάρκος Κυπριανού pronounced [ˈmarkos Kipriaˈnu]) (born 22 January 1960 in Limassol) is a Cypriot politician who served as a Minister of Foreign Affairs until his official resignation in 19 July 2011 following the events of the Evangelos Florakis Naval Base explosion. A member of the Democratic Party he was formerly Cyprus's Finance Minister and the European Commissioner for Health.
 The Independent on Saturday is a South African newspaper part of Independent News & Media. It was launched in 1998 to replace the Saturday Paper which was formed in the mid-1990s after the demise of the Saturday editions of the Daily News and the Mercury. The Independent on Saturday circulates primarily in the greater Durban area but is also distributed to other parts of the KwaZulu-Natal province.
 For Love & Money: Writing Reading Travelling 1968 - 1987 is a book by Jonathan Raban. As the author states in the opening chapter it is partly a collection of case-histories of his writing career over twenty years as a professional writer (with the book being dedicated to his parents Peter and Monica Raban).
 The Legacy of Luna is a book written by Julia Butterfly Hill about her experiences while protecting a tree named Luna. It is based on a true story written like a diary of two years spent in an ancient redwood.The book was published by HarperCollins Publishers Inc. in 2000.
 Chauvetia luciacuestae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 Michael Jackson's Dangerous Liaisons is a book by the writer and paedophile activist Tom O'Carroll writing under the pen-name Carl Toms in which he reviews all-extensively the controversially intimate relationships of the American singer Michael Jackson with young boys. Published at 2010 in the United Kingdom by Troubador Publishing Ltd the book received pre-publication endorsements from five professors: D. J.
 The Pierce Range is a small very steep-sided mountain range on central Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 94 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 The Buta Mică River is a tributary of the Buta River in Romania
 Warnors Theatre is an historic theater in downtown Fresno California. The two thousand seat venue opened in 1928 as the Pantages Theater after the name of its then owner Alexander Pantages and later the Warner Theater in 1929 after it was purchased by Warner Brothers. The name was changed again in the 1960s to Warnors to avoid trademark issues.The theater was designed by B. Marcus Priteca and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Dying Sun is a science fiction novel by Gary Blackwood published in 1989. Set in the mid-21st century the book depicts a world where the sun's light is actually diminishing over time cooling the Earth (as opposed to global warming) which causes a mass migration from the U.S. to Mexico.
 Chhota Bheem: Dholakpur to Kathmandu is an Indian animated movie produced by Green Gold Animations. It is the eighth movie of the Chhota Bheem movie series. Running time - 70 mins. FICCI - BAF AWARD 2013 has awarded this film for ANIMATION FILM DIRECT-TO-VIDEO (HOME VIDEO).
 III is the third album by Christian alternative group Family Force 5 released on October 18 2011. The song Not Alone charted at No. 47 on the Hot Christian Songs. The next single Get On Outta Here was free for several days before paid release[citation needed] where it charted at No. 27 on iTunes Rock chart.[citation needed] Wobble charted at No. 20 on the Alternative charts for a week.[citation needed] Paycheck was the final single from the album but did not chart.
 Las Chacras (San Martín) is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Bryolymnia viridata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in western California fromSonoma County north of San Francisco southward to San Diego County.The wingspan is about 27 mm. Adults have been collected late May to mid-October.
 Die Anarchisten: Kulturgemälde aus dem Ende des XIX Jahrhunderts (The Anarchists: A Picture of Civilization at the Close of the Nineteenth Century) is a book by anarchist writer John Henry Mackay published in German and English in 1891. It is the best known and most widely read of Mackay's works and made him famous overnight. Mackay made it clear in the book's subtitle that it was not intended as a novel and complained when it was criticised as such declaring it instead propaganda.
 João Vale de Almeida (born 29 January 1957 Lisbon) formally became the European Union (EU) ambassador to the United States (US) on 10 August 2010.
 Sight & Sound is a British monthly film magazine published by the British Film Institute (BFI).Sight & Sound was first published in 1932 and in 1934 management of the magazine was handed to the nascent BFI which still publishes the magazine today.
 Volcán Suchitán is a stratovolcano in southern Guatemala.
 The Racquet Club of Philadelphia (RCOP) is a private social club and athletic club in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It has facilities for squash real tennis and racquets.Established in 1889 the club started its life in a modest facility at 923 Walnut Street. Under the leadership of George D. Widener the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by noted architect Horace Trumbauer.
 Metković (Serbian Cyrillic: Метковић pronounced [mɛ̂tkɔʋit͡ɕ])is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Bogatić municipality in the Mačva District. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1244 people (2002 census).
 Destiny's Child Video Anthology is the fourth video album by American R&B girl group Destiny's Child. The video album includes 16 career spanning iconic videos. The album was released on June 4 2013 in the United States.
 Chenar-e Mishakhvor (Persian: چنارميشاخور‎ also Romanized as Chenār-e Mīshākhvor and Chenār-e Mīshākhor; also known as Mīshākhor) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 40 families.
 The Louvet River is a river of Saint Lucia. It drains from the forest area to the east coast.
 The Dvina Bay (Russian: Двинская Губа) is located in Arkhangelsk Oblast in Northwestern Russia. It is one of four large bays and gulfs of the White Sea the others being the Mezen Bay the Onega Bay and the Kandalaksha Gulf. The two main river emptying into the Dvina Bay is the Northern Dvina River while the two cities on the bay are Arkhangelsk and Severodvinsk. The Dvina Bay is 93 kilometres (58 mi) long and 130 kilometres (81 mi) wide.
 Myctophum nitidulum common name pearly lanternfish is a species of deep sea fish in the family Myctophidae the lanternfish.
 Between a Rock and a Hard Place is the first album by the hip hop duo Artifacts. The album which is mainly produced by T-Ray reached number 17 on the Billboard R&B/Hip hop Albums chart.
 Lenzener See (also Lenzer See) is a lake in the Rostock district in Ludwigslust-Parchim Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 41 m its surface area is 0.62 km².
 The Narkomfin Building is a block of flats at 25 Novinsky Boulevard in in the Central district of Moscow Russia. It is a renowned example of Constructivist architecture and avant-garde interior planning. Though a listed Cultural Heritage Monument on the Russian cultural heritage register it is in a deteriorating state. Most units were vacated by residents years ago.
 Kate Segal is serving her third term as State Representative for the 62nd House District which covers much of Calhoun County and includes the cities of Battle Creek Springfield and Albion and seven townships: Albion Bedford Clarence Convis Lee Pennfield and Sheridan.
 Palaina taeniolata is a species of minute land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusks in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Guam.
 Gay Neck the Story of a Pigeon is a 1928 children's novel by Dhan Gopal Mukerji that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1928. It deals with the life of Gay Neck a prized Indian pigeon. Mukerji wrote that the message implicit in the book is that man and winged animals are brothers. He stated that much of the book is based on his boyhood experiences with a flock of forty pigeons and their leader as the boy in the book is Mukerji himself.
 Otogibanashi (おとぎばなし) (subtitled Fairy Ring) is the 30th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima released in October 2002. Like some efforts such as Jidai: Time Goes Around it mainly consists of her compositions which had previously interpreted by other singers or performed on the series of her musicals Yakai.Nakajima had a duet with Masashi Sada on You Reminds Me of... a song they wrote for Ken Takakura and Nae Yuki in 1994.
 Visage is the name of a compilation EP by the British band Visage released in July 1981 by Polydor Records.
 Foorum is a shopping centre in the centre of Tallinn Estonia. Foorum has a gross leasable area of 2500 square metres containing 28 different shops (including 4 restaurants and cafés).The centre has seven floors with the shops and other commercial services on the ground and first floors. The other floors are mostly used as flats and offices.Foorum is a meeting place in the heart of Central Tallinn at Narva mnt 5.
 Fourmile Canyon Creek or Four Mile Canyon Creek is a tributary of Boulder Creek. Its source is northwest of Boulder Colorado and flows through the northern part of the city for part of its length. It should not be confused with a similarly named stream that runs through Fourmile Canyon west of Boulder which was the site of a major wildfire in 2010.This stream rises west of the old mining settlement of Sunshine.
 Holy Rosary Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in the Little Italy neighborhood of Cleveland Ohio. It is the center of the annual Feast of the Assumption festival.It was built in 1905 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The parish began as a nationality parish and would only include persons of Italian descent as parishioners.
 Prethopalpus marionae is a litter-dwelling Goblin Spider in the family Oonopidae.
 Adam and Eve and Pinch Me is a young adult fiction book written in 1994 by Julie Johnston. The book was awarded the Governor General's Award for Text in Children's Literature in 1994 the Ruth & Sylvia Schwartz Children's Book Award in 1995 and the Canadian Library Association Young Adult Book Award also in 1995.
 The Umbuzerio River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 Cry_Wolf is a 2005 American horror/slasher murder mystery directed by Jeff Wadlow after he won $1000000 at the 2002 Chrysler Million Dollar Film Festival.[citation needed]
 Achryson meridionale is a species of longhorn beetle in the Cerambycinae subfamily. It was described by Martins in 1976. It is known from southern Brazil.
 Breeda Moynihan-Cronin (née Moynihan; born 31 March 1953) is an Irish Labour Party politician. She was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Kerry South constituency from 1992 until 2007.She was born in County Kerry and was educated at St. Brigid's Secondary School Killarney; Dominican College Sion Hill Dublin; and Skerry's College Cork. Her father Michael Moynihan was a TD for Kerry South from 1981–87 and 1989–92.
 Ron Hoenig (born 21 April 1953) is an Australian barrister who served as Mayor of the City of Botany Bay in New South Wales from 1981 to 2012 a record 31 years before standing down and winning the 25 August Heffron by-election in state parliament for the Australian Labor Party.
 Blair Lee III (May 19 1916 – October 25 1985) was an American Democratic politician. He served as the Secretary of State of Maryland from 1969 to 1971. He was Lieutenant Governor of Maryland from 1971 to 1979 and Acting Governor from 1977 to 1979 during Marvin Mandel's self-imposed suspension of gubernatorial powers and duties.
 Lake Lou Yaeger is a 1300-acre (5.2 km²) reservoir located in Montgomery County Illinois. Created by damming the West Fork of Illinois's Shoal Creek it was built for recreation sport fishing and flood control purposes. The lake is 8 miles (13 km) long and 0.5 miles (0.8 km) wide. The nearest town is Litchfield Illinois south of Springfield Illinois and north of St. Louis Missouri.Lake Lou Yaeger is managed for bass bluegill catfish and crappie.
 The Tangipahoa River (/tændʒɨpəˈhoʊ.ə/ tan-ji-pə-HOH-ə) originates northwest of McComb in southwest Mississippi and runs south 122 miles (196 km) through Lake Tangipahoa in Percy Quin State Park before passing into southeast Louisiana. Its mouth opens into the northwest region of Lake Pontchartrain.Alternate/historical names and spellings:
 The Black Rose is a 1950 20th Century-Fox Technicolor film starring Tyrone Power and Orson Welles loosely based on Thomas B. Costain's book. It was filmed partly on location in England and Morocco which substitutes for the Gobi Desert of China. The film was partly conceived as a follow-up to the movie Prince of Foxes and reunited the earlier film's two stars.Talbot Jennings' screenplay was based on a popular novel of the same name by Canadian author Thomas B.
 Rikshospitalet (The National Hospital) is located in Oslo Norway. From January 1 2009 the hospital is part of Oslo University Hospital.It is a highly specialized university hospital with special assignments in research and the development of new methods of treatment.
 No Anaesthesia! is the second album released by Finnish thrash metal band Stone released in 1989. It was remastered and re-issued in 2003 and again in 2009 when it was bundled with the preceding album in a 2 CD set.
 Peterskopf is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Neodavisia singularis is a species of snout moths in the genus Neodavisia. It was described by Barnes and McDunnough in 1913 and is known from Florida (where it was described from the Everglades).The wingspan is about 12 mm.
 Islands of Space is a science fiction novel by author John W. Campbell Jr.. It was first published in book form in 1957 by Fantasy Press in an edition of 1417 copies. The novel originally appeared in the magazine Amazing Stories Quarterly; the text was extensively edited for book publication with Campbell's approval by Lloyd Arthur Eshbach.E. F.
 The Manxman is an 1894 novel by the Manx writer Hall Caine. A highly popular novel of its period it was set in the Isle of Man and concerned a romantic triangle. The novel has as its central themes the mounting consequences of sin and the saving grace of simple human goodness.
 Liszna [ˈlʲiʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Sławatycze 42 km (26 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Mordellistena manteroi is a species of beetles is the Mordellidae family.
 Postplatyptilia sandraella is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from Bolivia and Paraguay.The wingspan is 12-14 mm. Adults are on wing in January.
 Eupithecia rufescens is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Japan.
 A Cry for Help: The Tracey Thurman Story is a 1989 NBC TV-movie based on the 1985 ruling Thurman v. City of Torrington. The film stars Nancy McKeon as Tracey; Dale Midkiff as Buck; and Bruce Weitz as Tracey's lawyer Burton Weinstein.
 Andreu Mas-Colell (Catalan: [ənˈdɾew ˈmas kuˈɫeʎ] born June 29 1944) is a Spanish economist an expert in microeconomics and one of the world's leading mathematical economists. He is the founder of the Barcelona Graduate School of Economics and a professor in the department of economics at Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. He has also served several times in the cabinet of the Catalonian government.
 Dada's Dance (simplified Chinese: 达达; traditional Chinese: 達達; pinyin: Dádá) is a 2008 Chinese film directed by the leading sixth generation director Zhang Yuan. Unlike earlier films in his career Dada's Dance successfully negotiated the Chinese censorship apparatus and emerged unedited and unchanged from Zhang's original cut.
 The Cascade Locks Historic District is a historic district located in Akron Ohio. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Southern Pacific Railroad Depot of Modesto is a railroad depot built in 1915 for the San Joaquin Valley region's Southern Pacific railroad system use. It is in Modesto Stanislaus County California. The Mission Revival style depot was restored in 1993 and now functions as the Modesto Transportation Center.
 Gibbovalva magnoliae is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Hokkaidō and Honshū).The wingspan is 6.8-9.2 mm.The larvae feed on Magnolia heptapetala Magnolia hypoleuca and Magnolia obovata. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Against the Light (Chinese: 逆光) is Chinese Singaporean Mandopop artist Stefanie Sun's (Chinese: 孫燕姿) tenth Mandarin studio album.
 The Lost & Found is an EP record by Rasputina the first edition of which was self-released in 2001 and the second edition featuring two more cover songs was released in 2003 by Instinct Records. It consists of covers of songs by Creedence Clearwater Revival Pink Floyd Marilyn Manson Pat Benatar The Velvet Underground and Led Zeppelin as well as a rendition of Mother Goose's nursery rhyme This Little Piggy.
 Betty Brown is a former state district representative for Texas House of Representatives District 4. She was first elected to the position in 1998.
 The Vidrișoara River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mic River in Romania.
 Fast Company is a full-color business magazine that releases 10 issues per year and focuses on technology business and design. Fast Company's current editor is Robert Safian who previously worked with Fortune Time and Money. The magazine has won numerous industry awards.
 Hip is the only full-length release by the band Steppeulvene a Danish rock band. It was released in 1967.
 Happy End is the third and final album by Japanese folk rock band Happy End.The album was recorded at Sunset Sound Studios in Los Angeles in late 1972. Van Dyke Parks known for his collaborations with Brian Wilson and The Beach Boys was brought in to produce the album. Parks also played piano and organ on the album.
 Freedom at the Edge is an Assamese language short film by Aneisha Sharma based on a real life story.
 Eleutherodactylus pulvinatus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in French Guiana Guyana Venezuela and possibly Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Ancillista ngampitchae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae the olives.
 Mount Bigelow (also called the Bigelow Range and Bigelow Mountain) is a long mountain ridge with several summits. It is located in Franklin County and Somerset County Maine. It is one of Maine's highest summits. The mountain is named after Major Timothy Bigelow who climbed the rugged summit in late October 1775 for the purpose of observation. Major Bigelow was one of Colonel Benedict Arnold's four division commanders during the 1775 Invasion of Canada.
 Store Erte is a lake in the municipality of Halden in Østfold county Norway.
 Stones in the Road is the fifth album by Mary Chapin Carpenter and her first and only #1 Country Album on the Billboard charts. The album also contains her first and only #1 Hot Country Singles hit Shut Up and Kiss Me. Other charting singles were Tender When I Want to Be at #6 House of Cards at #21 and Why Walk When You Can Fly? at #45.
 Stadtaffe (German for city monkey) is the first solo album by German musician Peter Fox. Released 26 September 2008 the standard version contains twelve tracks four of which have been released as singles. Fox performed the Single Schwarz zu Blau at the Bundesvision Song Contest 2009 in Potsdam while representing Berlin and won becoming the first person to win the contest twice (his first win coming in 2006 as a member of the band Seeed).
 Pećinci (Serbian Cyrillic: Пећинци pronounced [pětɕiːntsi]) is a village and municipality in Srem District of Vojvodina Serbia. The village has a population of 2571 while Pećinci municipality has 19675 inhabitants.
 Sasura Ghara Zindabad (Oriya: ଶଶୁର ଘର ଜିଂଦାବାଦ୍) is a 2010 Oriya film screenplay & directed by Sanjay Nayak. This light entertaining film revolves around the three son-in-laws. The film achieved the rare distinction of entering the Limca Book of Records for having approval of censorship as one of two films by the same producer director cinematographer and hero along with the film Dil Tate Deichi on the same day.
 C. Thiruvenkatacharya (died 1893) was an Indian civil servant and administrator in the Madras Presidency. He served as the Diwan of Cochin kingdom from 1890 to 1893.
 The Arpășel River is a tributary of the Arpaș River in Romania.
 Nandagaon is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Athni taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 Zherizhban (Persian: ژريژبان‎ also Romanized as Zherīzhbān and Zharīzhbān) is a village in Kashkan Rural District Shahivand District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 476 in 90 families.
 Hale Chapel is a Unitarian chapel in Hale Barns Greater Manchester (grid reference SJ789857). The chapel was built in 1723 and was originally a Presbyterian meeting house. A vestry was added c1880 and around the same time alterations were made to the rest of the building. The chapel features an 18th-century pulpit and 19th century stained glass. Hale Chapel is the earliest place of worship in either Hale or Hale Barns.
 Strata Presents The End of the World is Strata's second and final full-length album and was released on July 17 2007.
 Frontiers in Psychology is an open-access peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of psychology. It was established in 2010 and is published by Frontiers. The editor-in-chief is Axel Cleeremans (Université libre de Bruxelles).
 El Dúo de la Historia Vol. 1 (English: The Duo of History Volume 1) is a compilation album by Wisin & Yandel.
 The Good the Bad the Weird (Hangul: 좋은 놈 나쁜 놈 이상한 놈; RR: Jo-eun nom nappeun nom isanghan nom) is a 2008 South Korean Western film directed by Kim Jee-woon starring Song Kang-ho Lee Byung-hun and Jung Woo-sung. It was inspired by Sergio Leone's The Good the Bad and the Ugly.The film premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival and was released on a limited basis in the U.S. on April 23 2010.
 Riber Castle is a 19th-century Grade II listed country house situated in the hamlet of Riber on a hill overlooking Matlock Derbyshire. Known locally as Smedley's Folly because of the difficulty of getting water to the hill summit it was built by John Smedley in 1862 as his private home.
 The Union Warehouse is located in Denver Colorado. It was built in 1882 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 3 1982.
 Thomas Willett (1605 – August 29 1674) was a British-born American merchant Plymouth Colony trader and sea-captain Commissioner of New Netherland magistrate of Plymouth Colony Captain of the Plymouth Colony militia and was the 1st and 3rd Mayor of New York City prior to the consolidation of the five boroughs into the City of New York in 1898.
 Roughing It is a book of semi-autobiographical travel literature written by American humorist Mark Twain. It was written during 1870–71 and published in 1872 as a prequel to his first book Innocents Abroad. This book tells of Twain's adventures prior to his pleasure cruise related in Innocents Abroad.Roughing It follows the travels of young Mark Twain through the Wild West during the years 1861–1867.
 Hendavaneh-ye Pordesar (Persian: هندوانه پردسر‎ also Romanized as Hendavāneh-ye Pordesar; also known as Hendavāneh-ye Desar) is a village in Kenar Sar Rural District Kuchesfahan District Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 572 in 173 families.
 Never Say Never Again is a 1983 spy film based on the James Bond novel Thunderball which was previously adapted in 1965 under that name. Unlike the majority of Bond films Never Say Never Again was not produced by Eon Productions but by an independent production company one of whose members was Kevin McClory one of the original writers of the Thunderball storyline with Ian Fleming and Jack Whittingham.
 The Gods of Pegāna is the first book by Anglo-Irish fantasy writer Lord Dunsany published on a commission basis in 1905. It is considered a major influence on the work of J. R. R. Tolkien H. P. Lovecraft Ursula K. Le Guin and many others. The book was reviewed favourably but as an unusual piece. One of the more influential reviews was by Edward Thomas in the London Daily Chronicle.The book is a series of short stories linked by Dunsany's invented pantheon of deities who dwell in Pegāna.
 The Granada Theatre is a theatre located in Emporia Kansas United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 and was designed by the Boller Brothers.
 Expendable is a science fiction novel by the Canadian author James Alan Gardner published in 1997 by HarperCollins Publishers under its various imprints. It is the first book in a series involving the League of Peoples an assemblage of advanced species in the Milky Way galaxy.
 Joel Barnett Baron Barnett PC (born 14 October 1923) is a Labour Party member of the House of Lords.Barnett was educated at Manchester Central High School. He worked as an accountant. He was elected a councillor on Prestwich Borough Council 1956-1959 and was treasurer of Manchester Fabian Society.Barnett stood in Runcorn in 1959 without success.He was elected Member of Parliament for Heywood and Royton in 1964.
 Mansurabad (Persian: منصوراباد‎ also Romanized as Manṣūrābād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 300 in 70 families.
 After the Truth (German: Nichts als die Wahrheit) is a 1999 German film depicting the fictional trial of Dr. Josef Mengele known as the death angel of Auschwitz.The film starring Götz George as Mengele and Kai Wiesinger as his lawyer is based on the original English-language screenplay by American writers Christopher and Kathleen Riley. The German title translates to Nothing but the truth.
 A Chef of Nobunaga (信長のシェフ Nobunaga no Shefu) is a Japanese manga series written by Mitsuru Nishimura and illustrated by Takuro Kajikawa. It will be adapted into a Japanese television drama series that will premiere in January 2013.
 Pseudatemelia subochreella is a species of gelechioid moths. Here it is placed within the subfamily Amphisbatinae of the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae). The Amphisbatinae have alternatively been merged into the Oecophorinae raised to full family rank or placed as a subgroup of the Depressariinae (or Depressariidae if ranked as family).It is found in Europe where it inhabits woodlands.
 Fear Zero is Fear Zero's first studio release. It was released in 2004 under the label Satch Records.
 Dehigahatule is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 The Ang Pamantasan (abbreviation: AP) is an independent student organization and the official student publication of the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila one of the Philippines' most prestigious universities.This student organization is currently registered in the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as a non-stock non-profit corporation in the name of Ang Pamantasan 1979 - PLM's Official Student Publication Inc. It was previously registered in SEC as Ang Pamantasan Inc.This independent student organization was established in 1979 twelve years after the university formally opened.
 Shion no Ō (しおんの王 lit. Shion's King) subtitled The Flowers of Hard Blood is a Japanese mystery manga written by Masaru Katori and illustrated by Jiro Ando. It is published by Kodansha in the seinen manga magazine Afternoon and is collected in eight bound volumes. It has been adapted as a twenty-two episode anime television series by Studio Deen which aired in Japan between October 2007 and March 2008.
 Yearning (Japanese: Yume no onna) is a 1993 Japanese drama film directed by Bandō Tamasaburō V. It was entered into the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Theodul Pass elevation 3295 metres (10810 ft) (German: Theodulpass Italian: Colle del Teodulo French: Col de Saint-Théodule Walser German: Théoduljoch) is a high mountain pass across the eastern Pennine Alps connecting Zermatt in the Swiss canton of Valais and Breuil-Cervinia in the Italian region of Aosta Valley.
 The Mothership Returns is a two CD set and one DVD by the fusion band Return to Forever. Released 18 June 2012 by Eagle Rock Entertainment the double CD set documents the music performed during the 2011 tour. Return To Forever was expanded for this tour to quintet and featured keyboardist Chick Corea bassist Stanley Clarke drummer Lenny White guitarist Frank Gambale and violinist Jean-Luc Ponty. The album peaked #6 in the 2012 and 2013 Jazz Album charts.
 Shokun! (諸君! Shokun! literally “Gentlemen!”) was a monthly magazine of conservative opinion published by Bungeishunju Ltd. It normally went on sale on the first day of each month though at the end of the year it was released on the 25th or 26th and in the past it had been released on the second or third day. The chief editor of the final issue was Hiroto Uchida who headed an editorial staff consisting of a small group of only five to seven highly active editors.
 The Apollonia Museum (also known as the Susa Museum) is a museum located in Susa Libya.
 Guerilla from the North (Spanish: El guerrillero del norte) is a 1983 Mexican drama film directed by Francisco Guerrero. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Linoleum is an EP by Swedish progressive metal band Pain of Salvation.
 Something Different is a lost 1920 silent film produced and distributed by Realart Pictures an affiliate of Famous Players-Lasky and Paramount Pictures. It is based on a novel Calderon's Prisoner by Alice Duer Miller The picture was directed by Roy William Neill with some filming being done in Cuba. Some of the cast's passport photos to enter Cuba for this production are found at Flickr.Leo Tover then 19 years old later became a well known cinematographer.
 The Honourable Nicola Laura Nikki Kaye MP (born 11 February 1980) is the member of the New Zealand Parliament for the Auckland Central electorate. In January 2013 she was appointed to the Cabinet by Prime Minister John Key giving her the portfolios of Food Safety Civil Defence and Youth Affairs and Associate Minister of Education and Immigration.
 Prince Jules de Polignac 3rd Duke of Polignac (Auguste Jules Armand Marie; French pronunciation: ​[ʒyl.də.pɔ.li.ɲak] ; 14 May 1780 – 2 March 1847) was a French statesman. He was an ultra-royalist politician after the Revolution and prime minister under Charles X just before the 1830 July Revolution which overthrew the Bourbon dynasty.
 Economic and Industrial Democracy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of social sciences with a particular focus on industrial relations and organization of the workplace and economic life. The journal was established in 1980 and is published by SAGE Publications in association with the Department of Economic History of Uppsala University.
 Michael G. Connelly is a Republican member of the Illinois Senate representing the 21st district.Connelly served as a Lisle village trustee from 2001 to 2006. From 2007 he served as a member of the DuPage County Board representing the 5th district. In 2008 he was elected to the Illinois House of Representatives and he was elected to the Illinois Senate in 2012.
 Grave Human Genuine is a studio album by German progressive metal band Dark Suns. It was released as a jewelcase as well as a limited edition Digipak with a bonus song.Andy Schmidt of Disillusion performed guest vocals on the song Flies in Amber.The Chameleon Defect was made into a music video under the name The Chameleon Conflict.
 Zuran Tal-e Zivdar (Persian: زورانتل زيودار‎ also Romanized as Zūrān Tal-e Zīvdār) is a village in Afrineh Rural District Mamulan District Pol-e Dokhtar County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 460 in 99 families.
 Blackbird is a 2011 novel by Nigerian author Jude Dibia published by the JALAA Writers’ Collective. Dibia’s third novel follows a complex story of romance and revenge set against the social and political climate of contemporary Nigeria often told through flashbacks and dream sequences.
 Angles of Repose is an album by American composer saxophonist and clarinet player Joe Maneri with bassist Barre Phillips and violinist Mat Maneri recorded in 2002 and released on the ECM label.
 The Scaled Fruiteater (Ampelioides tschudii) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family. It is the only member of the genus Ampelioides.It is found in Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Daylight Saving is a comedy by Nick Enright about a married couple living in north Sydney. It was one of Enright's most popular works.
 Empire State News is a news broadcasting organization in New York State which maintains a news website a radio program called Empire State News a Monday to Saturday Empire State News newspaper and weather forecasting systems. Empire State News has operated since 2003 when production was begun by Statewide News Network Inc a three-decade old news broadcasting company for the Hudson Valley.
 Entomosterna ruficollis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak & Hovore in 2010.
 Hasan Bekandeh (Persian: حسن بكنده‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Bekandeh) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District Rudboneh District Lahijan County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 639 in 183 families.
 Gagarwas is a small village in Rajgarh (Sadulpur) Tehsil of Churu district in Rajasthan India it is situated approximately 14 km from Sadulpur.
 The Germania Life Insurance Company Building is located in New York City. The building was built in 1910 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 25 2001.
 Butalanda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Krimmena Mistika (Greek: Κρυμμένα Μυστικά; English: Hidden Secrets) is an album by Greek musician Giannis Ploutarhos released in 2006.
 Toreulia placita is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Ecuador (Napo Province).The wingspan is 17-18.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale cinnamon suffused with white near a white line and in the terminal part. There is brownish strigulation as well as rusty brown markings. The hindwings are brownish white but whitish basally and strigulated with greyish brown.
 Duet for Guitars #2 was the first album recorded by M. Ward originally released in 1999. The album has been re-issued in 2000 and on July 10 2007. Ward states in the liner notes that Most of these songs were written in Chicago but the others were figured out en route to or in Seattle but they were all recorded in Portland by Adam Selzer.
 Thaandavam is a 2012 Indian Tamil action thriller film directed by A. L. Vijay starring Vikram Jagapati Babu Anushka Shetty Amy Jackson and Lakshmi Rai. It is produced by UTV Motion Pictures and features music composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar. Thaandavam was released worldwide on 28 September 2012 to mixed critical reception. Its dubbed Telugu version Siva Thaandavam was released on 5 October 2012.
 The Butea River is a tributary of the Daicița River in Romania.
 Pyramidellidae common name the pyram family or pyramid shells is a voluminous taxonomic family of mostly small and minute ectoparasitic sea snails marine heterobranch gastropod molluscs.
 Personality Disorders: Theory Research and Treatment is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 2009 and covers research in personality psychology. The current editor-in-chief is Carl W. Lejuez of the University of Maryland.
 Shadows in the Palace (Hangul: 궁녀; RR: Gungnyeo) is a 2007 South Korean film directed by Kim Mee-jung. The mystery thriller is a fictionalized account of gungnyeo court maids during South Korea's Joseon era.This is Kim Mee-jung's first feature film. She previously worked as part of the directing staff in King and the Clown (2005) and Shadows in the Palace was filmed on the same set as the aforementioned film.
 When Somebody Loves You is the eighth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released on November 7 2000 and produced the singles Where I Come From www.memory When Somebody Loves You and It's Alright to Be a Redneck.
 Men of Honor (released in the UK and Ireland as Men of Honour) is a 2000 drama film starring Robert De Niro and Cuba Gooding Jr. The film was directed by George Tillman Jr. It is inspired by the true story of Master Chief Petty Officer Carl Brashear the first black-American master diver in the United States Navy.
 Two Men in Manhattan (French: Deux hommes dans Manhattan) is a 1959 French crime film directed by Jean-Pierre Melville. The film stars Melville (who also wrote the screenplay) and Pierre Grasset as two French journalists who become embroiled in a criminal plot in New York City involving a disappeared United Nations diplomat.
 Ganjak (Persian: گنجك‎) is a village in Gabrik Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 13 families.
 The Tyler U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Tyler Texas also known as Tyler Federal Building was built in 1933. It is a Classical Revival architecture building. It served historically as a courthouse as a post office and as a government office building. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Tree Top Acraea (Acraea cerasa) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in most of south-eastern Africa.The wingspan is 32–38 mm for males and 37–45 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round with a peak from October to April. It is very scarce in dry months.The larvae feed on Rawsonia lucida and Drypetes gerrardii.
 Gyaring Lake(Tibetan: མཚོ་སྐྱ་རིང་ Wylie: mtsho skya ring) or Zhaling Lake (Chinese: 扎陵湖; pinyin: Zhālíng Hú) is a large freshwater lake in the Yellow River catchment in China it is in the southeast of Qinghai Province.The name of lake means Long Grey Lake in Tibetan language. Gyaring Lake is 526 km 2 with a drainage area of 8161 km 2 an elevation of 4292 m length 35 km and mean width 15 km (max 21.6 m).
 The Frost King was a short story about King Jack Frost written by 11-year-old Helen Keller. Keller's teacher Anne Sullivan had mentioned that the autumn leaves were painted ruby emerald gold crimson and brown and Keller by her own account imagined fairies doing the work. Keller wrote a story about how a cask of jewels being transported by fairy servants and had melted in the sun and covered the leaves.
 Love Song is an album containing songs sung by Riya from Eufonius first released on August 31 2005 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0019. The album contains one disc with thirteen tracks composed and produced by Jun Maeda of Key. Additional participating musicians include Kendi Sato on electric guitar for tracks two and twelve AchillesKEN on percussion for track seven and Weisswurst on violin for tracks seven and thirteen.
 The Beatles' Story is the sixth album by the Beatles in the United States issued on November 23 1964 by Capitol Records in both mono and stereo formats (although the mono was merely a fold-down of the stereo mix).
 Do Qaidi is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by Ajay Kashyap starring Govinda Sanjay Dutt Farah and Neelam Kothari.
 Cave of a Thousand Tales: The Life and Times of Pulp Author Hugh B. Cave is a biography of Hugh B. Cave written by Milt Thomas. It was released in 2004 by Arkham House in an edition of approximately 2500 copies. It was Thomas' first book published by Arkham House. The book was nominated for an International Horror Guild Award in 2004.
 Anacrusis russomitrana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Rio de Janeiro).The wingspan is about 24 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cinnamon brown with a slight violet-grey gloss and fine rust brown strigulation. The markings are purple brown. The hindwings are dark brown.
 People of the Fire is a 1991 historical fiction novel written by husband-and-wife co-authors W. Michael Gear & Kathleen O'Neal Gear. It dramatizes the transition of Native American culture from Paleo-Indian to Archaic as a result of climatic warming set in the High Plains and Western Rockies region. It is the second book in the The First North Americans series.
 Coastal Shiner (Notropis petersoni) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.
 Electric Ladyland is the third and final studio album by the Jimi Hendrix Experience and the only one of the band's LPs that was produced by Jimi Hendrix. Released on October 25 1968 on Reprise Records by mid-November it had reached number one in the US where it spent two weeks at the top spot. The double LP was the Experience's most commercially successful release and their only number one album. It peaked at number six in the UK where it spent 12 weeks on the chart.
 Otitoma lirata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Palmeiras River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Red is a play by American writer John Logan about artist Mark Rothko first produced by the Donmar Warehouse London in December 2009. The original production was directed by Michael Grandage and performed by Alfred Molina as Rothko and Eddie Redmayne as his fictional assistant Ken.The production with its two leads transferred to Broadway at the John Golden Theater for a limited engagement which began on March 11 2010 and closed on June 27. It was the 2010 Tony Award winner for Best Play.
 Greetings From... is the debut EP from A Rocket to the Moon an American rock band. It was released through Fueled by Ramen on October 14 2008. The album peaked at #21 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.
 Mary Ellen Hinamon Withrow (born October 2 1930) was the 40th Treasurer of the United States from March 1 1994 to January 20 2001 under President Bill Clinton.Withrow was one of the most visible Treasurers in recent history.[citation needed] She frequented coin and currency shows autographing money (again) for anyone who asked.
 Jahanabad (Persian: جهان اباد‎ also Romanized as Jahānābād) is a village in Honam Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 69 in 16 families.
 Mordella baidensis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1891.
 Sari Daraq (Persian: ساري درق‎ also Romanized as Sārī Daraq) is a village in Ani Rural District in the Central District of Germi County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 25 families.
 The Tomb of Jahangir (Urdu: جهانگير کا مقبرہ‎ Punjabi: جهانگير دا مقبرہ) is a mausoleum built for Jahangir who ruled the Mughal Empire from 1605 to 1627. The mausoleum is located in Shahdara Bagh in Lahore Punjab.
 Ocenebra brevirobusta is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Norma Carranza is a Puerto Rican politician from the New Progressive Party (PNP). She served as member of the Senate of Puerto Rico from 1993 to 2001.Carranza was elected to the Senate of Puerto Rico in the 1992 general election. She represented the District of Arecibo along with Víctor Marrero Padilla. Carranza was reelected at the 1996 general election.Carranza ran for a third term at the 2000 general elections but was defeated by the candidates of the PPD.
 Night Into Morning is a 1951 film.
 Pizzo Ligoncio is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 3033 metres.
 Bhakta Kumbara is a 1974 Indian Kannada film directed by Hunsur Krishnamurthy. The film stars Rajkumar and Leelavathi in lead roles. The music is composed by G. K. Venkatesh.
 Perfect is a 1985 American film drama directed by James Bridges and starring John Travolta and Jamie Lee Curtis.The film was based on a series of articles that appeared in Rolling Stone magazine in the late 1970s chronicling the popularity of Los Angeles health clubs amongst single people.
 The Christian Centre Nottingham is a church located in Nottingham in England. It is one of the UK's larger churches with around 1400 people actively involved. The Christian Centre is a Pentecostal church affiliated to the Assemblies of God.
 The Jabotá River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil. The headwaters are the traditional home of the Ikpeng people.
 Nig-Latin is the debut studio album by rapper Mistah F.A.B. released on March 11 2003.
 Golestanak (Persian: گلستانك‎ also Romanized as Golestānak; also known as Gulistān) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District in the Central District of Karaj County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1468 in 371 families.
 Cathy Mitchell is a California politician and a member of the Democratic Party. She served as Secretary of State during the month of March in 2005. She was automatically elevated to the position when Kevin Shelley resigned the post and served until the Governor's nomination of Bruce McPherson was confirmed in the California State Legislature.Ms. Mitchell is a veteran Secretary of State employee. She came to the office in 1981.
 Popielżyn Dolny [pɔˈpjɛlʐɨn ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Płońsk and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Clinton Lake is a reservoir on the southwestern edge of Lawrence Kansas. The lake was created by the construction of the Clinton Dam and the 35 square miles (91 km²) of land and water is maintained by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
 The Loveday Loyalty is the seventh book in the Loveday series written by Kate Tremayne.
 Every Day is a 2010 comedy-drama film written and directed by Richard Levine and starring Liev Schreiber and Helen Hunt.
 Doris Goodale is an American politician and a Republican member of the Arizona House of Representatives representing District 5 since January 14 2013. Goodale served consecutively from January 2009 until January 14 2013 in the District 3 seat.
 Baluchabad (Persian: بلوچ اباد‎ also Romanized as Balūchābād) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District in the Central District of Kahnuj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 209 in 43 families.
 Maggie Walters is the first album by the American musician Maggie Walters released in 2005.
 Nintendo Gamer was a magazine published in the United Kingdom which (mainly) covered Nintendo video game consoles and software and consoles. It was the successor publication to N64 Magazine later renamed NGC Magazine (1997–2006) and Super Play (1992–1996) continuing the unique style of those magazines. The publication was originally known as NGamer with the first issue being released on 13 July 2006.
 Milt Jackson Quintet Live at the Village Gate is a live album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring Jimmy Heath recorded in 1963 at The Village Gate and released on the Riverside label.
 Mount Rokkō (六甲山 Rokkō-san) is a name of a group of mountains in Hyōgo Prefecture Japan. This mountain is one of Hyōgo 50 mountains Kinki 100 mountains and also one of the 300 famous mountains in Japan.
 Silsean (Irish: Soillsean meaning Place of Lights) is a mountain in County Wicklow Ireland. With a height of 698 metres (2290 ft) it is the 17th / 18th highest mountain in the Wicklow Mountains and the 113th / 114 highest summit in Ireland being joint height of 698 metres with Camaderry.
 Alvania lucinae is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
 Halielloides nitidus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. This species along with Halielloides fragilis and Halielloides verrilliana belongs in the Halielloides genus of gastropods.
 Anumodhanam is a 1978 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by I. V. Sasi starring Kamal Haasan M. G. Soman Vidhubala Raghavan and Seema in lead roles.
 The Burial Society is a 2002 is a neo-noir thriller film written and directed by Nicholas Racz. The film stars Rob LaBelle Jan Rubes Allan Rich Bill Meilen Seymour Cassel and David Paymer. The film follows a lonely depressed Jewish man who becomes involved in the mafia.
 The Vigilantes Return is a 1947 western film produced by Universal Pictures in Cinecolor. The film was shot in Iverson Ranch in Chatsworth Los Angeles California.
 Congregation Shaar Hashomayim is an Orthodox synagogue in Westmount Quebec. It is the oldest traditional Ashkenazi synagogue in Canada incorporated in 1846. It is also the largest traditional synagogue in Canada.The Congregation originally rented space on Saint James Street (now Saint Jacques Street). The first synagogue was built on Saint-Constant Street (now De Bullion Street) in Le Plateau-Mont-Royal in 1859.
 Palaeomolis palmeri is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Control is the debut album by indie rock band GoodBooks. It was released on July 30 2007 on CD LP and as a digital download. The end of the song Start/Stop has an instrumental at the end of it.
 Patrick Joseph Pat Morris is an American politician. He was the mayor of San Bernardino California. He resides in San Bernardino with his wife Sally Morris. They have two children Katie Willis and Jim Morris. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
 The Man from Snowy River: Arena Spectacular is a musical by David Atkins and Ignatius Jones based on the poem The Man from Snowy River written by Banjo Paterson.All poetry narrated in the musical was written by Banjo Paterson including Waltzing Matilda (for which the music was written by M.
 Cold Tom is a fantasy novel by Sally Prue published on January 31 2002 by Oxford University Press and aimed at teens and young adults. Cold Tom won the Branford Boase Award and the Smarties Prize Silver Award both in 2002.
 The New Traveller's Almanac is a series of writings included in the back of all six issues of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen Volume II covering the timeline and the world of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. The six issues covered the British Isles Continental Europe the Americas Africa and the Middle East Asia and the Australias and the Polar Regions. In the Volume II collection the Almanac was collected into a single 46-page document.
 Stranded on Earth is an album by Valient Thorr released in 2003.
 Coleophora argenteonivea is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in southern France Spain Portugal and Sardinia.The larvae feed on Centaurea pectinata and Cynara cardunculus. Before hibernation the larvae creates two or three cases consisting of a single leaf fragment. After hibernation a composite leaf case is made. The latter consists of 3-4 leaf fragments is brown and about 15 mm long and bivalved. The mouth angle is about 45°. Larvae can be found from August to May.
 Undaunted Courage: Meriwether Lewis Thomas Jefferson and the Opening of the American West (ISBN 0684811073) written by Stephen Ambrose is a 1996 biography of Meriwether Lewis of the Lewis and Clark Expedition. The book is based on journals and letters written by Lewis Clark Thomas Jefferson and many others.
 Al-Shuna was a Palestinian Arab village in the Safad Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on April 30 1948 by the Palmach's First Battalion of Operation Yiftach. It was located 6 km south of Safad overlooking the deep gorge of Wadi al-'Amud.In 1945 the village had a total population of 170. The village had a school and a mosque. Today a wildlife sanctuary known as the Nachal 'Amud Reserve is located in the vicinity.
 Ruine Klingenstein /Salla is a castle in Styria Austria.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Bratia River in Romania.
 The IOOF Building in Maquoketa Iowa is a Late Victorian architecture building that was built in 1886. It served historically as a meeting hall and as a specialty store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Proteininae Erichson 1839 are a subfamily of Staphylinidae.
 Poorly Made in China: An Insider's Account of the Tactics Behind China's Production Game is a book by Paul Midler which chronicles his year spent working with American businessmen whose companies' products are manufactured in China. Poorly Made in China alleges the practice of quality fade—the deliberate and secret habit of Chinese manufacturers to widen profit margins through the reduction of quality inputs.
 Islamic Voice is a monthly Islamic magazine published in Bangalore. It is the largest English-language Muslim publication in India. It is a comprehensive magazine places an emphasis on social issues and strives to have a broad appeal.
 Sveti Matej (Saint Matthew) is a village in Croatia.
 Requiem is a dual-format DVD/CD live album release by Killing Joke documenting their performance of 8 August 2003 at the Lokerse Feesten in Lokeren Belgium. The album was released 22 September 2009.The liner notes in the release's booklet are adapted without credit from the main Wikipedia entry for Killing Joke.
 Tawlliqucha (Quechua tawlli a kind of legume qucha lake lagoon hispanicized spelling Taullicocha also Taulliqocha) is a lake in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru located in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Santa Cruz District. It lies southeast of the mountain Pukahirka and southwest of the Tawllirahu.The little river Yuraqmayu originates near Tawlliqucha. It is a right tributary of the Santa River.
 The Hudin River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
 Devil May Care is a James Bond continuation novel written by Sebastian Faulks. It was published in the UK by Penguin Books on 28 May 2008 the 100th anniversary of the birth of Ian Fleming the creator of Bond.
 The Masonic Hall in Augusta Maine is a building from 1894. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Feltonville School No. 2 also known as the Feltonville School is a historic school building located in the Feltonville neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by architect Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1908. It is a two-story brick building four bays wide with a brick parapet. It is in the Late Gothic Revival-style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Kamillions is a 1989 film directed by Mikel B. Anderson from a story by Robert Hsi and a screenplay Anderson wrote in collaboration with Harry S. Robins. The film was re-edited by producer Teresa Woo who later admitted she did not really understand an English language science fiction comedy and was expecting more of an action film. The film was shot primarily in the Dunsmuir House and Gardens in Oakland California.
 Infamous is a 2011 comic book series based on the video game of the same name published by DC Comics in association with Sucker Punch Productions (the developer of the game). The comic book will follow the adventure of superhero Cole MacGrath and takes place in between the events of Infamous and Infamous 2. The comic primarily depicts Cole's escape from Empire City in the first game to New Marais in the second game.
 James Bennett Kelly III (born May 28 1941) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Dedicated to Nelson is a 1996 studio album by American jazz singer Rosemary Clooney dedicated to the arranger Nelson Riddle. Clooney's television show from 1956-57 featured arrangements by Riddle and the original arrangements are transcribed here performed by a big band.Riddle also arranged two studio albums by Clooney Rosie Solves the Swingin' Riddle! from 1960 and 1963's Love.
 Aquarium Fish International (AFI) was a North American monthly magazine published by BowTie Inc. of Irvine California and dedicated to freshwater and saltwater fishkeeping and the aquarium/fishkeeping hobby in general. Originally titled Aquarium Fish Magazine (AFM) the first issue of the magazine was in October 1988. The title of the publication changed slightly beginning with the February 2007 issue; the new title was Aquarium Fish International. It had a circulation of 31170.
 Sweat Hotel Live is R&B artist Keith Sweat's second concert album released on June 12 2007.[1]
 Decemberunderground is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band AFI. The album was released on June 6 2006 through Interscope Records. It debuted at #1 on the Billboard 200 selling 182000 in its first week. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on August 30 2006 and has sold more than 993000 in the United States as of September 2009. It has since gone Platinum.
 Molecules Of Motion is a 1987 skateboarding film featuring the Gullwing Trucks skate team. Most footage is provided through demos contests and various street skating scenes throughout southern California. The film also used various local bands from San Diego such as Infrared and Sister Rae and was narrated by former 91X DJ Dred Scott.This video is sometimes mistakenly referred to as Molecules In Motion due to the closing credits of the video calling the movie Molecules In Motion.
 Mallela Theeram Lo Sirimalle Puvvu is a 2013 Telugu film directed by GV Rama Raju starring Kranthi Sri Divya and Jorge in the lead roles. The film was produced by G Umadevi on Godavari Cinema Banner. The film released on July 5 2013 to highly positive critical acclaim.
 Edward Ned O'Keeffe (born 1 August 1942) is an Irish former Fianna Fáil politician. He served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork East constituency from 1982 to 2011.O'Keeffe was born in Ballindangan Mitchelstown County Cork in 1942. He was educated at Darra College Clonakilty where he received a diploma in Social and Rural Science. O'Keeffe was a pig farmer before becoming involved in politics. In 1982 he was nominated by the Taoiseach Charles Haughey to the 16th Seanad.
 Winnisook Lake is an artificial lake located in Oliverea New York United States. It is the source of Esopus Creek and the highest lake in the Catskill Mountains at 2660 feet (810 m) above sea level.The lake is the private property of the Winnisook Club which expanded it with a dam so they could have a place to fish.
 Raya-varam is a village in the district of Medak in the state of Andhra Pradesh India.
 The Caiuá River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Geraldine Feeney (born 9 September 1957) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician who was a member of Seanad Éireann from 2002 to 2011. After standing unsuccessfully on the Cultural and Educational Panel in 1997 she was first elected by the Labour Panel in 2002 and was re-elected in 2007. She lost her seat at the 2011 Seanad election.
 Arionidae common name the roundback slugs or round back slugs are a taxonomic family of air-breathing land slugs terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Arionoidea.
 Hugo Teufel III (born July 25 1961 in Albuquerque New Mexico and raised in Wichita Kansas and Denver Colorado) was appointed as Chief Privacy Officer for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security by Secretary Michael Chertoff on 21 July 2006 after a ten-month vacancy that was filled by acting Chief Privacy Officer Maureen C. Cooney. Teufel is the second chief privacy officer for the DHS after Nuala O'Connor Kelly appointed by Secretary Tom Ridge.
 Ethics & International Affairs is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering ethical aspects of international relations. It was established in 1987 and is published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs. Topics covered in the journal range from global justice democratization and international law to human rights and women's rights. The current editors-in-chief are Joel H.
 Marilinda Joy Garcia (born c. 1983) is an American politician from the state of New Hampshire. A Republican she serves in the New Hampshire House of Representatives representing the Rockingham 8th district since 2012. She previously represented the Rockingham 4th district from 2007 to 2009 and from 2009 to 2012. She is an accomplished harp player and teaches as an adjunct professor at local universities.
 The Church of Christ Pantocrator (Bulgarian: църква „Христос Пантократор“ tsarkva „Hristos Pantokrator“ or църква „Христос Вседържател“ tsarkva „Hristos Vsedarzhatel“ Byzantine Greek: Ναός Χριστού Παντοκράτωρος) is a medieval Eastern Orthodox church in the eastern Bulgarian town of Nesebar (medieval Mesembria) on the Black Sea coast of Burgas Province.
 The Renaissance St. Louis Grand Hotel is a hotel located on the Washington Avenue Loft District in Downtown St. Louis Missouri. It consists of two wings. The main wing consists of the former Statler Hotel building which is 256 feet 23 floors tall and covers half a block with a modern addition covering the other half of the block. The Suites Tower across the street is the former Lennox Hotel.
 Lakenla is a mountain pass north-west of Lhasa near the second-largest salt lake in Tibet: Namtso Lake. It has an elevation of 5190 m (17030 ft).
 The Rooms is a cultural facility in St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. The facility opened in 2005 and houses the Art Gallery of Newfoundland and Labrador the Provincial Archives of Newfoundland and Labrador and the Provincial Museum of Newfoundland and Labrador.The facility was constructed on a hill overlooking the port city at a historic location once occupied by Fort Townshend. The building can be seen from almost any point in St.
 Yazd-e Now (Persian: يزدنو‎ also Romanized as Yazd Now) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District Neysan District Hoveyzeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 527 in 97 families.
 Buckton Castle is a medieval ringwork near Carrbrook Stalybridge England. It is listed as a Scheduled Ancient Monument due to its proximity to the Buckton Vale Quarry. The castle is oval with a stone curtain wall 3 metres (10 ft) wide surrounded by a ditch 10 metres (33 ft) wide and 6 metres (20 ft) deep. Buckton Castle was probably constructed for William de Neville in the late 12th century; it was lying derelict by 1360.
 Zenón Noriega Agüero (July 12 1900 – May 7 1957) was a Peruvian army general who formally was president of a military Junta for two months in 1950.
 Golden Era Mixtape 2012 is a mixtape by all artists signed to Australian Hip hop label Golden Era Records. It was released as a free download on 30 January 2012 on the Golden Era Records website. The mixtape was launched on Triple J's Hip-Hop show.
 Ignacy Jan Paderewski GBE (Polish: [iɡˈnat͡sɨ ˈjan padɛˈrɛfskʲi]; 18 November [O.S. 6 November] 1860 – 29 June 1941) was a Polish pianist and composer and also a politician and spokesman for Polish independence. He was a favorite of concert audiences across the globe. His musical fame opened access to diplomats and the media. He was the prime minister and foreign minister of Poland in 1919 and represented Poland at the Paris Peace Conference in 1919.
 The Zürich Tram Museum (German: Tram-Museum Zürich) is a transport museum in the Swiss city of Zürich specialising in the history of the Zürich tram system. The main museum site is located at the former tram depot Tramdepot Burgwies. The museum also maintains a workshop at the much smaller former tram depot of Wartau.The tram museum is run by an association the Verein Tram Museum Zürich which has some 500 members and is responsible for looking after the exhibits of the museum.
 Marco Vinicio Redondo Quirós is a deputy from Cartago serving in the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica for the 2014-2018 legislative session.Redondo has a Bachelor's degree in business administration.Redondo was Mayor of Oreamuno a municipality in Cartago. He was investigated by the Organismo de Investigación Judicial (Judicial Investigation Unit) for an issue relating to Redondo's property. As of March 2014 the case was still being adjudicated.
 The Masked Rider: Cycling in West Africa (ISBN 1550226673) is a 1996 non-fiction book written by Rush drummer Neil Peart about his bicycling travel through the African country of Cameroon.
 The Votkinsk Reservoir (Russian: Воткинское водохранилище) is a reservoir formed by the dam of the Votkinsk Hydroelectric Station on the Kama River in Perm Krai and Udmurtia Russia. The reservoir filling took place in 1962-1964. The Votkinsk Reservoir has a surface area of 1120 km² and a water volume of 94 cubic km. Its length is 365 km major width - 9 km average depth - 84 m. The Votkinsk Reservoir was created for the benefit of transportation and energetics.
 Aag Se Khelenge is a 1989 Indian Bollywood film directed by Bhaskar Shetty and starring Jeetendra Anil Kapoor Meenakshi Sheshadri.
 I Am Florida is a state poem of the U.S. state of Florida written by Allen Autry Sr.. It was endorsed by Governor Charlie Crist and the Florida Cabinet on October 12 2010.A musical version written produced and recorded by Walter Clyde Orange a founding member lead vocalist and principal lyricist of the musical group The Commodores was officially recognized as one of the official state songs of Florida by the Florida Senate in 2013.
 Courrier sud translated as Southern Mail and Southern Carrier is the first novel by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry published in 1929.
 Mahmoud Wagdy (born 1948) is an Egyptian politician and a former minister of interior.
 Belvata is a census town in Mysore district in the state of Karnataka India.
 Peter Launsky-Tieffenthal became the Under-Secretary-General for Public Information at the United Nations in August 2012 succeeding Kiyotaka Akasaka. He is also the United Nations Coordinator for Multilingualism a position in which he coordinates the issue of multilingualism throughout the UN Secretariat.
 Indre Offerdal is a small village on the shore of the Årdalsfjord (a branch of the Sognefjord) in the municipality of Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane Norway. It was the administrative center of the municipality of Årdal more than 100 years ago. In those days the main industry in Årdal was lumber and Indre Offerdal had a strategic position near the forests and accessible by boat. Timber and grains were brought here from all over the region for use at the gristmill and sawmill.
 Staffordia staffordi is a species of air-breathing land snail terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Staffordiidae.The specific name staffordi as well as generic name Staffordia is in honor of Brigadier-General Stafford who was in command of the punitive force which entered the Dafla Hills for the first time in the winter of 1874-1875.
 Tomatteita Tokei ga Ima Ugokidashita (止まっていた時計が今動き出した The Stopped Watch Moved Now) is the tenth album of Zard and was released on January 28 2004. The album was certified platinum in 2011.
 Pseudopostega cretea is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1920. It is known from the eastern half of North America from southern Canada (including Ontario) south to northern Florida west to south-eastern British Columbia and Texas.The length of the forewings is 3.9–4.6 mm. Adults have been recorded from May to July (with one early August record) in the southern United States and from June to August across the northern part of its broad range.
 Groton High School is a historic high school building located at Groton in Tompkins County New York. It was built in 1919-1920 and features Classical Revival details such as six monumental engaged Doric order columns. The front block of the building is three stories in height with a rear projection set back and reduced in height to two then one stories and forming a T shaped configuration.
 Peter Lawson Jones is an African-American politician of the Democratic party. A resident of Shaker Heights Ohio he formerly served as a county commissioner in Cuyahoga County.Jones served on the Shaker Heights city council and in 1994 he was the running mate for gubernatorial candidate Rob Burch. He served as a state representative from 1997 to 2002.
 Dennis F. Rasmussen (June 14 1947–) is a Maryland politician who ran as a Democrat in the 2006 Maryland U.S. Senate election. He has served as Baltimore County Executive a Delegate within the Maryland House of Delegates as well as a Senator within the Maryland Senate.
 Taken from Me: The Tiffany Rubin Story is a 2011 original LMN movie starring Taraji P. Henson and Terry O'Quinn. The film follows the events surrounding the kidnapping and rescue of the son of Tiffany Rubin who was kidnapped by his father and taken to South Korea.
 Rabbit at Rest is a 1990 novel by John Updike. It is the fourth and final novel in a series beginning with Rabbit Run; Rabbit Redux; and Rabbit is Rich. There is also a related 2001 novella Rabbit Remembered. The novel won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1991 the second Rabbit novel to garner the award.
 Hendrik Vroom CMG (20 May 1850 – 13 January 1902) was a mulatto merchant and government official on the Gold Coast. Vroom was known as a strong supporter of the Wesleyan Methodist Church and lived in Bridge House Elmina on the corner of Liverpool Street and opposite Elmina Castle from March 1895 until his death in 1902.
 The Tiraumea River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. The river has its source on the slopes of Mount Hutton (1400 metres (4600 ft)) at the southern end of the Braeburn Range and runs northwest from the Tiraumea Saddle (672 metres (2205 ft)). It reaches the Tutaki River 10 kilometres southeast of Murchison. The area is known for hunting. The Tiraumea Track runs the full length of the river descending from the Tiraumea Saddle to Lake Rotoroa.
 Edmond E-Min Chang (born October 1970) is a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.
 Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد‎ also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 92 in 20 families.
 Lottiidae is a family of sea snails specifically true limpets marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Lottioidea and the clade Patellogastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).
 Mannings Heath is golf course and hotel in Mannings Heath Horsham in the south of England.The land the course sits on was used in the 18th-century as a meeting point for smugglers. In the late 1740s its Hawkin's Pond was the scene of one of the notorious Hawkhurst Gang's most brutal murders.Mannings Heath was opened as a golf course in 1914 after having been designed by the world-famous English architect Harry Colt.
 Chyliny [xɨˈlinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Maków Mazowiecki and 71 km (44 mi) north of Warsaw.
 And in This Corner… is the third studio album released by MC/DJ duo DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince. The album was released in April 1989 reaching #39 on the US Billboard 200 albums chart. The album was not released on Compact Disc in the UK. However it was available on this format in most of Europe.
 Transformers is a comic book series by IDW Publishing spun off from the 2007 Transformers movie and other films in the Transformers film series.
 Marinella gia panta (Greek: Μαρινέλλα για πάντα; English: Marinella forever) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released in 1974 by PolyGram Records in Cyprus.
 The Cornelius S. Muller House is located along NY 23B in Claverack New York United States. It is a pre-Revolutionary brick house in a Dutch Colonial style with some English influences.During the Revolutionary War it was the meeting place of the local Committee of Safety and a site for courts martial. In 1840 it was renovated but it has otherwise remained intact from its original time period. In 1997 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Valley of the Dolls is a 1967 American drama film based on the 1966 novel of the same name by Jacqueline Susann.
 The International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer. The journal publishes 36 issues per year. It covers the full range of advanced manufacturing technology.
 Alphonso Taft (November 5 1810 – May 21 1891) was a jurist the Attorney General and Secretary of War under President Ulysses S. Grant a diplomat and the founder of an American political dynasty. Secretary of War Taft reformed the War Department by allowing commanders at indian forts to choose who could start and run post traderships. Attorney General Taft strongly believed that African Americans should not be denied the right to vote through intimidation and violence.
 Mazraeh-ye Karimi (Persian: مزرعه كريمي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Karīmī) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District in the Central District of Fasa County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Book of Animal Ignorance is the second title in a series of books based on the intellectual British panel game QI written by series-creator John Lloyd and head-researcher John Mitchinson. It is a trivia book consisting largely of little-known facts about various animals alongside factual corrections to other pieces of supposedly well-known trivia that although widely believed are not always accurate. It is a sequel to The Book of General Ignorance.
 Daguerre is a circular formation near the north end of Mare Nectaris. To the west-northwest is the crater Mädler and beyond it to the west is the prominent Theophilus. To the north in the rugged continental area between the maria is Isidorus.This feature has the appearance of a lunar crater that has been nearly submerged by a lava flow leaving a gap in the southwest wall that gives the feature the shape of a horse-shoe. The floor is overlaid by the linear ray from Mädler.
 Jay Cooke Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located in the Logan neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1922-1924. It is a three-story 17 bay brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival-style. It features a projecting center entrance pavilion stone pilasters arched entrance openings and a brick parapet.
 Hälsoresan – En smal film av stor vikt (English: The Health Conduct Tour - A Small Film With Great Importance) is a Swedish comedy film released in 1999 and directed by Lasse Åberg.
 The Duke Is Tops is a 1938 American musical film released by Million Dollar Productions and directed by William Nolte. The film was later released in 1943 under the title The Bronze Venus with Lena Horne given top billing.The film was one of a number of low-budgeted musicals (or race movies) made in the 1930s and 1940s for the African-American market.
 Working Man: A Tribute to Rush is a tribute album to Progressive Rock band Rush recorded by various artists and released on Magna Carta Records in 1996 (see 1996 in music). The album was mixed by original Rush producer Terry Brown at Town Music Studios in Toronto Canada. Mike Portnoy was the main creative consultant.
 Tokyo Fiancée (French: Ni d'Ève ni d'Adam) is a novel by the Belgian writer Amélie Nothomb. It appeared on 20 August 2007 published by Éditions Albin Michel.
 Elizabeth Casado Irizarry (born August 29 1965) is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the New Progressive Party (PNP). She was a member of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives from 2009 to 2013 representing District 40.
 Pearse Doherty (born 6 July 1977) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician. He is a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Donegal South–West constituency and is Sinn Féin's Dáil spokesperson on Finance. He previously served on Donegal County Council from 2004 to 2007 and in Seanad Éireann from 2007 to 2010.
 Deir al-Fardis (Arabic: دير الفرديس‎ also spelled Dayr al-Fureidis or Deir el-Ferdis) is a town in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Hama Governorate southwest of Hama. Nearby localities include Kafr Buhum to the northeast Tumin and al-Rastan to the southeast and Houla to the southwest. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics it had a population of 5890 in the 2004 census.
 L'Aigle à deux têtes is a French play in three acts by Jean Cocteau written in 1943 and first performed in 1946. It is known variously in English as The Eagle with Two Heads The Eagle Has Two Heads The Two-Headed Eagle The Double-Headed Eagle and Eagle Rampant. Cocteau also directed a film of his play which appeared in 1948. Cocteau said that he took his inspiration for the play from the separate stories of Ludwig II of Bavaria and of the Empress Elisabeth of Austria.
 Taeniotes scalatus is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetles belonging to the Cerambycidae family Lamiinae subfamily.
 Antique is an EP consisting of remixes from Antique's hit singles Opa Opa and Dinata Dinata. It was released on October 18 2000 by Popular Records.
 Qezel Qayeh-ye Sofla (Persian: قزل قيه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Qezel Qayeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Hulasu Rural District in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 48 families.
 The Cure for Insomnia directed by John Henry Timmis IV is a film which on its release in 1987 was according to Guinness World Records the longest running. At 5220 minutes long (87 hours or 3 days and 15 hours) in length the film has no plot instead consisting of artist L. D.
 Orbit 1 was a 1966 science fiction short story anthology edited by Damon Knight.
 Jenkin Whiteside (1772 – September 25 1822) was an attorney who served as a United States Senator from Tennessee.
 Brother Jonathan was a weekly publication operated by Benjamin Day from 1842 to 1862 and was the first weekly illustrated publication in the United States.
 William Eaton Chandler (December 28 1835 – November 30 1917) was a lawyer who served as United States Secretary of the Navy and as a U.S. Senator from New Hampshire.
 Pike 18 is the forty-eighth studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the eighteenth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.The album was announced on July 2 as a limited edition untitled album with hand drawn covers and signed by Buckethead himself and expected to be released on July 24. However there was a slight delay and the album was finally released on July 29. A standard edition was announced but has not yet been released.
 Kullamäe is a village in Jõelähtme Parish Harju County in northern Estonia.
 The Brockville Jail is a jail in Brockville Ontario.Notable residents have included serial killer Peter Woodcock (also known as David Michael Krueger) who in the summer of 1991 on his first day pass in thirty-five years from his Brockville Ontario psychiatric hospital brutally murdered another patient. Also incarcerated in the Brockville Jail in 1972 was Roger Caron author of prison books Go Boy and Bingo.
 Måsøy Church (Norwegian: Måsøy kirke) is a parish church in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Måsøy on the island of Måsøya. The church is part of the Måsøy parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white concrete church was built in 1953 and seats about 120 people.
 Central Ridgewood Historic District is a national historic district in Ridgewood Queens New York. It includes 782 contributing buildings built between 1895 and 1927. They consist mainly of two story brick rowhouse dwellings with one apartment per floor. Buildings feature rounded bay front facades and the use of several shades of speckled brick.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 This is about the music album. For other uses see Sedition (disambiguation).Sedition is the second album released by New Zealand death metal band Dawn of Azazel. It was released in October 2005 in New Zealand on Extreme Imprints. It was also released in USA and Europe in 2006 on Ibex Moon Records. It was the first studio album to feature Martin Cavanagh on drums.
 Saurostomus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Toarcian stage of the Early Jurassic epoch.
 The Rucue River is a river of Chile.
 Skælingur (Danish: Skælling) is a village on the west of the Faroese island of Streymoy in the Kvívíkar municipality.The 2010 population was 13. Its postal code is FO 336. It is by the mountain Skælingsfjall one of the tallest mountains in the archipelago with its 767 meters.
 Nitin Sawhney's eighth studio album London Undersound released on 13 October 2008 (2008-10-13) by Cooking Vinyl.It includes collaborations with Paul McCartney Natty Imogen Heap Reena Bhardwaj Ojos de Brujo Anoushka Shankar Tina Grace Faheem Mazhar Aruba Red and Roxanne Tataei.
 The Brea Mall is a shopping mall located in the Orange County city of Brea California. Since 1998 the mall has been owned and operated by the Simon Property Group. It is home to four major department stores over 175 specialty shops and boutiques and a food court. It is approximately 1310000 square feet (1.31 million).
 Love Us or Hate Us is the fourth album released by rap group Dirty. It was released on September 30 2003 through Rap-a-Lot Records and featured production from Dirty Mike Jackson and R. Kelly. The album peaked at #160 on the Billboard 200 and #22 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and was the duo's first album to be distributed by Rap-a-Lot Records.
 Bukhameh-ye Sofla (Persian: بوخامه سفلي‎ also Romanized as Būkhāmeh-ye Soflá; also known as Būkhāmeh Būkhāmeh-ye Pā’īn Dūbyān Safhaw Vakhāmeh Valkhāmah-e Soflá Valkhāmeh-ye Pā’īn Vikhāma and Volkhāmeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Ramshir County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 492 in 74 families.
 The Sakae Krang River (Thai: แม่น้ำสะแกกรัง RTGS: Maenam Sakae Krang IPA: [mɛ̂ːnáːm sa.kɛː kraŋ]) is a tributary of the Chao Phraya River. It originates in Mae Wong National Park Kamphaeng Phet Province. It is 225 km long with most of its length in Uthai Thani Province.
 The William Black House near La Jolla California is a historic site that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Its location is not released by the National Register as it includes an archaeological site with potential to yield information in the future. It is however a seaside property. It was subject of controversy in 2010 between Kumeyaay Native American people and the University of California over its possible demolition and over possible repatriation of burials.
 The Gonda Building is a medical building owned by the Mayo Clinic in Rochester Minnesota and designed by Ellerbe Becket Architects and Engineers.It rises 305 feet (93 m) in 21 floors and was completed in 2001.The Gonda building was the largest building project in the Mayo Clinic’s history the Leslie & Susan Gonda Building was constructed in three phases to a height of 21 stories. It has the capability to add 10 more floors.
 The Palace of the Kings Bell situated in Douala is a building constructed in 1905 by the Germans for King Auguste Manga Ndumbe (King Bell). The building is also known asLa Pagode; this name comes from the French writer Louis-Ferdinand Céline who remained in Douala in 1916-17 who calls it such in his famous novel Voyage au bout de la nuit (Journey to the End of the Night).
 Word on tha Streets is the third album from Skatterman & Snug Brim a rap duo from Kansas City Missouri.On July 22 a music video for the song Ups And Downs was released on the internet via video site YouTube.
 THB is a comic book series by Paul Pope.
 The Rânjeu River is a tributary of the Voineșița River in Romania.
 Mowtowr-e Mohammad Mehdi Sajadi (Persian: موتور محمدمهدي سجا دي‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Moḩammad Mehdī Sajādī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District Dalgan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Amanda Brooke Pasdon is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 28 since January 12 2013. Pasdon served consecutively from January 2011 until January 2013 in the District 44 seat.
 Concrete Roots is a 1994 album produced by Dr. Dre. It was released without his consent.
 In Search of Space is the second studio album from Hawkwind released in 1971. It reached No. 18 on the UK album charts.
 Anopina pinana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Jalisco).
 Acta Oncologica is the official journal of the five Nordic oncological societies. The members of the editorial committee represent these societies.Acta Oncologica is a scientific medical journal within clinical oncology and related disciplines. It accepts articles within all fields of clinical cancer research from applied basic research to cancer nursing and psychological aspects of cancer.
 The Wisconsin Consistory Building also known as the Humpfrey Scottish Rite Masonic Center is a historic building located at 790 N. Van Buren St. in Milwaukee Wisconsin. Its original address was 470 Van Buren before the street was renumbered. The facade was extensively remodeled including the removal of chimneys flanking the corner dome. It covers an entire city block and contains approximately 22000 square feet (2000 m2). It has a chapel an auditorium a reception hall and a pub.
 Fuckin A is the second album by The Thermals released on May 18 2004 by Sub Pop Records.A rare promo pressing exists of the planned (but later scrapped) God and Country single. It was meant to promote the live album Live @ the Echoplex: December 7th 2007 and Fuckin A from four years prior. Goddamn the Light served as the single's b-side.[citation needed]
 How I Killed My Father (French: Comment j'ai tué mon père) is a 2001 French film directed by Anne Fontaine.
 Bychawka Trzecia [bɨˈxafka ˈtʂɛt͡ɕa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 I Am a Small Wooden Statue on a Patch of Crabgrass Next to a Dried Up Riverbed is an EP by Horse the Band. It was recorded during Summer 2001 at Love Juice Studios in Riverside CA. About 300 copies were given out at local shows with varying covers.
 Niskayuna Reformed Church is a historic Dutch Reformed church located at 3041 Troy-Schenectady Road in Niskayuna in Schenectady County New York. It was built in 1852 and is a brick gable-roofed building in the Greek Revival style. It has brick pilasters and a brick frieze around the entire building. It features a two stage central tower consisting of a square section surmounted by an open hexagonal belfry. The adjacent cemetery contains burials dating to the late 18th century.
 The Jefferson Historic District is a historic district in the small community of Jefferson Alabama United States. The community was founded in 1810. The district consists of thirteen Greek Revival buildings that were selected for inclusion due their significance as examples of the pre-Civil War plantation economy of the Deep South. Some of the buildings included in the district are the Lewis Simmons House (1856) James Aldridge House Basil Grant House (1855) Dr.
 The Racu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Gargiu (Persian: گرگيو‎ also Romanized as Gargīū) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 207 in 47 families.
 Sir John James Cowperthwaite (25 April 1915 – 21 January 2006; Chinese: 郭伯偉爵士[citation needed]) KBE CMG was a British civil servant and the Financial Secretary of Hong Kong from 1961 to 1971. His introduction of free market economic policies are widely credited with turning postwar Hong Kong into a thriving global financial centre.
 Higbee Street School is located in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1857 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 14 1995.
 Negative is the 13th studio album by a Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue released in December 1987.
 Masahista (English Title: The Masseur) is a 2005 Filipino film written and directed by Brillante Mendoza. This film is about a young man who gives massages to gay men in Manila and had a relationship.
 S. P. Y. Reddy (born 4 June 1950) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Nandyal constituency of Andhra Pradesh and is a member of the Indian National Congress. (He is no more in congress. joining YSRCP) He is also an entrepreneur and heads the Andhra Pradesh-based Nandi Group of Industries. Reddy was born on June 4 1950 in the Ankalammagudur village from Kadapa district of Andhra Pradesh.
 Garzhal-e Sofla (Persian: گرژال سفلي‎ also Romanized as Garzhāl-e Soflá) is a village in Melkari Rural District Vazineh District Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 17 families.
 The Masonic Hall is a grade II listed building on Monk Street in Monmouth Monmouthshire Wales. It was designed by architect George Vaughan Maddox. The building is believed to mark the site of Monk's Gate part of the original defences of the town of Monmouth. Before its 1846 conversion to the Masonic Hall the building served as the Monk Street Theatre. After more than 150 years of housing the Loyal Monmouth Lodge No. 457 the Masonic Hall sustained fire and smoke damage from suspected arson.
 Robinsonada or My English Grandfather (Georgian: რობინზონიადა ანუ ჩემი ინგლისელი პაპა; translit. robinzoniada anu chemi ingliseli papa; Russian: Робинзонада или Мой английский дедушка; translit. Robinzonada ili moy angliskiy dedushka; also known as Robinson Crusoe in Georgia) is a 1986 Georgian comedy film directed by Nana Djordjadze. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Caméra d'Or.
 Thieves by Law or Ganavim Ba Hok is a 2010 documentary film charting the rise of Russian organized crime in the wake of the fall of the Soviet Union. In the film several noted crime figures are interviewed a number of which are currently wanted by Interpol.
 Surgimed Hospital is a private hospital located in Zafar Ali Road Lahore Punjab Pakistan. It is attached with Lahore Medical and Dental College as a teaching and training hospital.
 Poncelet is the remains of a lunar crater that is located near the northern limb of the Moon. It lies to the east-northeast of the crater Pascal and northwest of Anaximenes. Like the latter formation Poncelet is a worn eroded formation with an interior that has been flooded either with lava or possibly ejecta. The outer rim is a low circular ridge with a narrow break to the south and a wider breach to the northeast.
 Liu Yongqing is the wife of Hu Jintao the former General Secretary of the Communist Party of China and President of the People’s Republic of China. Liu Yongqing has as is the Chinese custom retained her maiden name. Traditionally Liu Yongqing’s role would be primarily domestic but this is fast changing as Chinese leaders travel abroad more.
 Peter Kresánek (born January 1 1951 in Bratislava Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak politician former member of the Slovak parliament from 1998 to 2002 and former Mayor of Bratislava from 1990 to 1998.
 The Sici Church (Romanian: Biserica din Sici) is a Romanian Orthodox church in the town of Sici in Sălaj County Romania.
 Germany's Aims in the First World War (German title: Griff nach der Weltmacht: Die Kriegzielpolitik des kaiserlichen Deutschland 1914–1918) is a book by German Historian Fritz Fischer. It is one of the leading contributions to historical analysis of the Causes of World War I and along with this work War of Illusions (Krieg der Illusionen) gave rise to the Fischer Thesis on the causes of the war. The title translates as Grab for World Power. or Bid for World Power.
 Shankar Chaudhary is a Member of Legislative assembly from Radhanpur constituency in Gujarat for its 12th legislative assembly
 Slon is the third album from the Chicago Underground Trio. The album was released in January 2004 on Thrill Jockey Records . This is their first release on Thrill Jockey their first two albums were released by Delmark Records. The album was produced by Bundy K. Brown. The trio consists of Rob Mazurek on cornet Noel Kupersmith on bass and Chad Taylor on drums. This is their last release with bassist Noel Kupersmith.
 The Buff-Bellied Hermit (Phaethornis subochraceus) is a species of bird in the Trochilidae family the hummingbirds.It is found in Bolivia and Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Stenostrophia is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Stenostrophia amabilis (LeConte 1857) Stenostrophia coquilletti (Linell 1897) Stenostrophia tribalteata (LeConte 1873)↑
 Križpolje is a village in the Lika-Senj County Croatia. The settlement is administered as a part of Brinje municipality.According to national census of 2001 population of the settlement is 655.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 206 W. Maple Street in Mount Pleasant Michigan. It was built in 1882 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Bu ol Askar (Persian: بوالعسكر‎ also Romanized as Bū ol ‘Askar; also known as Bel‘askar and Bulaskai) is a village in Moqam Rural District Shibkaveh District Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 437 in 70 families.
 The Grasu River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 Mariano Martínez de Lejanza was acting Governor of the territory of Santa Fe de Nuevo México (New Mexico) from 1844 to 1845.Martínez was a native of the State of Mexico.He spent most of his career in Chihuahua and in October 1843 was appointed by General Mariano Monterde military commandant in Santa Fe.Martínez held the rank of brevet Brigadier General.He was appointed governor on 30 March 1844 and took office on 29 April.He initiated various improvements in Santa Fe for example planting trees on the plaza de armas and along the street and road leading northwest to the Rosario chapel with a ditch to provide water for them.He also converted into plaza into a bullfight arena with stalls for spectators.He also borrowed a press so he could start publishing a newspaper.New Mexico was a province of Mexico until 30 December 1836.It then became a department with a departmental legislature in Santa Fe and representation in the Departmental Congress in Durango.On 17 June 1844 Governor Martínez divided the Department into three districts Central North and Southeast.Each district was in turn divided into seven counties.The population of the entire department at that time including Pueblo Indians was 67736.At one time during his term as governor Martínez received some Ute delegates in Santa Fe.The discussion became heated and Martínez called the guards who killed some of the Utes.This eventually led to a full-scale war with the Utes. 
 Law and Order is a 1940 American film directed by Ray Taylor.
 Termessa nivosa is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New South Wales South Australia and Victoria. The wingspan is about 25 mm.The larvae feed on lichen algae and moss.
 Stead House a grand Victorian Italianate residence located in Marrickville a suburb of Sydney's Inner West was initially established as “Waterloo Villa” sometime in the early 1850s by Archibald Mitchell on part of the 30 acre grant known as “Wain’s Farm”.
 The Ezekiel Kelsey House is a historic landmark in the town of Berlin Connecticut. It is located at 429 Beckley Road.The house was owned by Ezekiel Kelsey who was the sixth of eleven children born to John Kelsey and Mary Buck.Ezekiel was born in Wethersfield Connecticut on January 16 1713.
 The Grey King is a contemporary fantasy novel by Susan Cooper published almost simultaneously by Chatto & Windus and Atheneum in 1975. It is the fourth of five books in her Arthurian fantasy series The Dark is Rising.The Grey King won the inaugural Tir na n-Og Award from the Welsh Books Council as the year's best English-language children's book with an authentic Welsh background. It is set in Wales and incorporates Welsh folklore as well as Arthurian material.
 Matouqin Nocturne (馬頭琴夜想曲 Batōkin yasōkyoku) is a 2007 Japanese film directed by Takeo Kimura and starring Yamaguchi Sayoko and Seijun Suzuki. It is abstract and focused around the atomic bombing of Nagasaki.
 Kapı is a village in the District of Karataş Adana Province Turkey.
 Carol Molnau (born September 17 1949) was the 46th Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota. She formerly served as head of the Minnesota Department of Transportation (Mn/DOT). She is known for her opposition to state funding of the mass transit systems of the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area.Born in Carver County Minnesota she was elected as a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1992 and served five terms.
 Spy was a satirical monthly magazine that ran from 1986 to 1998. Founded by Kurt Andersen and E. Graydon Carter who served as its first editors and Thomas L. Phillips Jr. its first publisher. After one folding and a rebirth it ceased publication in 1998. It specialized in intelligent thoroughly researched irreverent pieces targeting the American media entertainment industries and making fun of high society. Many issues often featured brief photographs of nudity relevant to a story.
 Symphysa is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 All in the Bunker is a 2009 animated short film written directed and animated by Andrew Overtoom. It is a Go Mental Productions film and stars Kurtwood Smith and Cheryl Hines.
 Duck! The Carbine High Massacre is a 1999 American comedy-drama film about a fictional school shooting. It was one of the first films inspired by the Columbine High School massacre. Released less than a year after the Columbine event it was written produced and directed by William Hellfire and Joey Smack who also starred. After the film was released Hellfire and Smack were arrested for possession of weapons on school property.
 Pulivaal (English: Tail of the Tiger) is a 2014 Tamil comedy thriller film directed by Marimuthu who earlier directed Kannum Kannum and produced by Sarath Kumar and Listin Stephen. Prasanna and Vimal play the leading roles while Iniya Ananya and Oviya also appear in pivotal roles.
 Dubravka Šuica (born 20 May 1957) is a Croatian politician member of the centre-right Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) and member of parliament. She served two consecutive terms as mayor of Dubrovnik between 2001 and 2009.Born in Dubrovnik Šuica graduated from the University of Zagreb Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences in 1981 where she majored in English and German language.
 Douglas J. Doug La Follette (born June 6 1940) is an American academic environmental activist and politician from the state of Wisconsin. A Democrat he is the current Secretary of State of Wisconsin. He ran in the Democratic primary during the special election to recall Governor Scott Walker.
 Chilbosan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 469 metres.
 Shanbeh Bar Gah (Persian: شنبه بر گاه‎ also Romanized as Shanbeh Bar Gāh) is a village in Ashar Rural District Ashar District Mehrestan County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 4 families.
 Age of Iron is a 1990 novel by South African Nobel Prize winner J. M. Coetzee. It is among his most popular works and was the 1990 Sunday Express Book of the Year. In it he paints a picture of social and political tragedy unfolding in a country ravaged by racism and violence.
 The Château de Busset is a castle which has been developed into a château in the commune of Busset in the Allier département of France. It is the ancestral home of the Bourbon-Busset family. It is currently owned by a Swiss family.The castle is not open to the public. It has been listed since 1981 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Brownville is a village in Nemaha County Nebraska United States. The population was 132 at the 2010 census.
 The Sand River (or Manyeleti River) is a river in the Mpumalanga lowveld flowing south-eastwards through the Sabi Sand Game Reserve for 50 km and joining the Sabie River 13 km east of Skukuza rest camp in the Kruger National Park.The catchment area of the whole Sabie-Sand system is 6320 km2.
 Ciołki [ˈt͡ɕɔu̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło within Hrubieszów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Horodło 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Hrubieszów and 107 km (66 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 The Dorset and Somerset Canal was a proposed canal in southwestern England. The main line was intended to link Poole in Dorset with the Kennet and Avon Canal near Bradford on Avon Wiltshire. A branch was to go from the main line at Frome to the southern reaches of the Somerset coalfield at Nettlebridge.
 Heterodera trifolii is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Việt Tiến is a commune (xã) and village in Việt Yên District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.
 Mount Tomamu (トマム山 Tomamu-san) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. It is the site of the Alpha Resort Tomamu a ski resort.
 Good Morning President (Hangul: 굿모닝 프레지던트; RR: Gutmoning peurejideonteu) is a 2009 South Korean film written and directed by Jang Jin that takes viewers to the private quarters of the Blue House during the terms of three fictional presidents (played by Lee Soon-jae Jang Dong-gun and Go Doo-shim) each trapped between political and ethical choices. It was chosen as the opening film of the 14th Busan International Film Festival and was released in theaters on October 22 2009.
 Federal Building also known as the Old Post Office is a historic office building located at 30 Church Street Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a four story Richardsonian Romanesque style structure with an inner court and tower. It was built between 1885 and 1889 of heavy brown sandstone with a metal skeleton. It was expanded in 1893 and in 1907. The building was designed in part by noted architect Harvey Ellis under the Office of the Supervising Architect Mifflin E. Bell.
 Sixhills Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire England.
 The Pârâul Fagului is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 The Hyatt Regency Delhi is a luxury hotel in New Delhi India built in 1983. The five-star hotel hotel has 507 rooms and 52 suites equipped with modern amenities and high-speed Internet access. It has 5500 sq ft of flexible event space suitable for corporate and social events. There is also an outdoor swimming pool salon services Club Olympus Spa & Fitness facilities or experience the best in shopping at the hotel’s multi-level retail complex.
 Grandpa Danger (絶体絶命でんぢゃらすじーさん Zettai Zetsumei: Denjarasu Jii-san lit. Absolute Death: Dangerous Grandpa) is an adventure manga by Kazutoshi Soyama published by Shogakukan in CoroCoro Comic since October 2001. It received the 2005 Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga. The series was adapted as a 51-episode anime broadcast on TV Tokyo from April 2004 to March 2005 which is licensed by Viz Media in North America as Grandpa Danger and a series of video games.
 Arthur Griffith (Irish: Art Ó Gríobhtha; 31 March 1872 – 12 August 1922) was an Irish politician and writer who founded and later led the political party Sinn Féin. He served as President of Dáil Éireann from January to August 1922 and was head of the Irish delegation at the negotiations in London that produced the Anglo-Irish Treaty of 1921 attending with Michael Collins.
 Mount Wilbur is a high peak of the Fairweather Range the southernmost part of the Saint Elias Mountains. It lies approximately 14 miles (22 km) southeast of Mount Fairweather and 8 miles (13 km) northwest of Mount Crillon. It is included in Glacier Bay National Park. The peak is the higher of a pair of peaks Mounts Wilbur and Orville named after the Wright Brothers.
 There For is a solo-release by Kristofer Åström released in 2004 on Startracks.
 Suicide is a book by Viktor Suvorov about German preparations for the war with the Soviet Union.Suvorov argues that the German army was ill-prepared Germany's leaders were unsophisticated (if not foolish) and that attacking Russia was suicidal for Germany (hence the title of the book) and he suggests an explanation why Hitler nevertheless did what he did. Suvorov compares the German and Soviet armies and concludes that the latter had superiority of almost every kind.
 The Irish Journal of Medical Science is a peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1832 by Robert Kane as the Dublin Journal of Medical & Chemical Science. Besides Kane it had distinguished editors like Robert James Graves and William Wilde. It is the official organ of the Royal Academy of Medicine in Ireland and published by Springer Science+Business Media.
 Haughtoniana is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
 Loch Veyatie (Gaelic: Loch Mheathadaidh) is a large body of water in north-west Scotland. It stretches for 6 km north-westwards from the settlement of Elphin and lies between Suilven and Cùl Mòr. It reaches depths of around 30 m. The boundary between Ross-shire and Sutherland (and therefore between the parishes of Lochbroom and Assynt) runs the length of the loch.Well known for its trout (including ferox) and charr it is a popular destination for anglers.
 Col du Mont Crosin (el. 1227 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
 Njunis is a mountain in the interior of southern Troms county in Målselv municipality. With a peak at 1713 metres (5620 ft) it is the highest mountain in this part of the county and has Norway's thirteenth largest prominence. The tree line (downy birch) reaches to 700 metres (2300 ft) elevation on the southern slope of the mountain the highest tree line in Troms. This forest is part of the Øvre Dividal National Park. At the peak NATO has an radar centre.
 Desert Lights is the fifth studio album by Australian band Something for Kate released on 1 June 2006. The album peaked at No.1 on the ARIA Charts. Cigarettes and Suitcases was the first single to be released followed by Oh Kamikaze. The third single California received a limited release.
 Kalkali-ye Now (Persian: كلكلي نو‎ also Romanized as Kalkalī-ye Now) is a village in Kuh Sefid Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 362 in 74 families.
 Satanische Pferde [Satanic horses] is the third live album by Die Ärzte and featured leftover songs from Wir wollen nur deine Seele. It was only available to the fan club members. The name is a pun on The Satanic Verses (Satanische Verse).A download single Zu spät (live) was available on 24 December 1999 as a teaser for the album.
 The Harts River (Afrikaans: Hartsrivier) is a northern tributary of the Vaal River which in turn is the largest tributary of the Orange River (also known as the Gariep River the largest river in South Africa).
 Qana also spelled Cana (in Arabic: قانا‎) is a village in southern Lebanon located 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southeast of the city of Tyre and 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) north of the border with Israel. The 10000 residents of Qana are primarily Shiite Muslim although there is also a Christian community in the village.
 Mount Balbi is a Holocene stratovolcano located in the northern portion of the island of Bougainville Papua New Guinea. It is the highest point of the island. There are five volcanic craters along a ridge north of the summit one of which contains a crater lake. There are numerous fumaroles near the craters though Balbi has not erupted in historic time.
 The Maze Runner is an upcoming American science-fiction mystery action thriller film based on a 2009 book of the same name by James Dashner directed by Wes Ball and script by Noah Oppenheim. The film stars Dylan O'Brien Thomas Sangster Kaya Scodelario Will Poulter Aml Ameen Ki Hong Lee and Blake Cooper. Creature designer Ken Barthelmey has created concept designs for the film. It is set to be released on September 19 2014 in the United States by 20th Century Fox.
 Odostomia becki is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Richard the Lion-Hearted - Dick Haymes that is! is an album from Dick Haymes. Released in 1960 arranged & conducted by Ralph Burns.
 The Real Inspector Hound is a short one-act play by Tom Stoppard. The plot follows two theatre critics named Moon and Birdboot who are watching a ludicrous setup of a country house murder mystery in the style of a whodunit. By chance they become involved in the action causing a series of events that parallel the play they are watching.The play was written between 1961 and 1962 drawing on Stoppard's experiences as Bristol theatre critic.
 Johannishögl is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 East Wheeling Historic District is a national historic district located at Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. The district encompasses 300 contributing buildings and one contributing site including the Monroe Street East Historic District. The district is primarily residential developed in the late-19th and early-20th century. A number of popular architectural styles are represented including Greek Revival and Gothic Revival. Notable non-residential buildings include St.
 St Andrew's Church Penrith is in the town of Penrith Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Penrith the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of Christ Church Penrith St John Newton Reigny and St John the Evangelist Plumpton Wall. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Bustan al-Basha (Arabic: بستان الباشا‎ also spelled Bistan al-Basha; translation: the Governor's Garden) is a village located along the Mediterranean coastline in northern Syria part of the Latakia Governorate. It is situated southeast of Latakia and west of Qardaha. In the 2004 census Bustan al-Basha had a population of 1603. Most of its inhabitants are Alawites and the village is home to the Makhlouf family who are related to the Assad family.
 Goodnite is a 1998 album released by Walt Mink. It is a recording of their last show at the Mercury Lounge in New York on November 1 1997.
 Bachmühlbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Goliathus goliatus is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family.
 Juke-Box Alarm is Stereo Total's third album.
 Macalla niveorufa is a species of snout moths in the genus Macalla. It was described by Hampson in 1906. It is found in Panama.
 Raimundo Pereira (born 1956) is a Guinea-Bissauan lawyer and politician who was interim President of Guinea-Bissau from 3 March 2009 to 8 September 2009 and again in 2012 following the departure of President Malam Bacai Sanhá for medical treatment abroad; he continued in that capacity after Sanha's death. Pereira was elected as President of the National People's Assembly on 22 December 2008. Pereira is a member of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (PAIGC).
 Tochigi Prefectural Museum (栃木県立博物館 Tochigi Kenritsu Hakubutsukan) is a prefectural museum in the city of Utsunomiya Japan. The collection relates to the history and natural history of Tochigi Prefecture. The museum opened in 1982.
 Theocracy is the self-titled debut album by the Christian progressive/power metal band Theocracy. It was released in 2003 on MetalAges Records. The album was a one man project created by musician Matt Smith. The album was remastered and re-released in 2013 consisting of various mixing upgrades performed by Matt Smith and the addition of live drums recorded by Theocracy drummer Shawn Benson.
 Jordan Creek Town Center is a super-regional shopping mall and lifestyle center in the American city of West Des Moines Iowa. It is the largest shopping complex in the state of Iowa with a total gross leasable area of 1340000 square feet (124000 m2). It is also the fourth largest shopping complex in the Midwest and the 23rd largest shopping complex in the United States.
 Doussoudiana is a village and seat of the commune of Bolo-Fouta in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
 Kudassanad is a rural community in the State of Kerala in India. Geographically it is situated in the eastern ending of Alappuzha District and western part of Pathanamthitta District. Southern end of Kudassanad is on the verge of Kollam District (in fact Kudassanad formed a part of Quilon which was the former name of Kollam before it was transferred to the jurisdiction of Alappuzha District).
 Freedom Song is a film based on true stories of the Civil Rights Movement in Mississippi in the 1960s. It tells the story of the struggle of African-Americans to register to vote in the fictional town of Quinlan. In the midst of the Freedom Summer a group of high school students in the small town are eager to make grassroots changes in their own community.
 The American Beach Historic District is a U.S. historic district in American Beach Florida. It is roughly bounded by Gregg Lewis Leonard Main and James Streets and Ocean Boulevard encompasses approximately 400 acres (1.6 km2) and contains 67 buildings and 1 structure. On January 28 2002 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Negrişoara River in Romania.
 Digana is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.Digana is popular for Dolomite mineral.Dolomite is used for plantations to increase the PH value of soil and produce Dolomatic lime in use for constructions.
 The Great Concert of Charles Mingus is a 1964 live album by jazz bassist and composer Charles Mingus recorded at the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées Paris France on April 19 1964.
 That Hagen Girl is a 1947 American drama film directed by Peter Godfrey. The screenplay by Charles Hoffman was based on the novel by Edith Kneipple Roberts. The film focuses on small town teenage girl Mary Hagen (Shirley Temple) who gossips believe is the illegitimate daughter of former resident and lawyer Tom Bates (Ronald Reagan). Lois Maxwell received a Golden Globe award for her performance.
 Uru Uru Lake is a lake in the Oruro Department in Bolivia. It is fed by the Desaguadero River. It is situated at an elevation of 3686 m its surface area is 214 km².The lake is formed by the flow of the Desaguadero River at its mouth into the Lake Poopó over the extensive sedimentation known as Santo Tomás from the small hermitage found there that was completely inundated. The formation dates to 1962.
 Oxyptilus erebites is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is known from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Olive Lillian Irvine (21 June 1895 – 1 November 1969) was a Canadian teacher and politician.Born in Holland Manitoba the daughter of R. J. Mills Irvine attended public school in Portage la Prairie and at the Winnipeg Normal School. She then became a teacher in Winnipeg. She married James C. Irvine on 14 January 1920.She was President of the Women's Conservative Association of Manitoba.
 The Cowlitz Glacier is on the southeast flank of Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington. The body of ice covers 1.3 square miles (3.4 km2) and has a volume of 6 billion ft3 (170 million m3). The glacier starts at an elevation of 10700 feet (3300 m) and flows southeast. An adjacent glacier the Paradise Glacier is connected to this glacier on its southwest margin.
 Immunopharmacology and Immunotoxicology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers preclinical and clinical studies on the regulatory effects of various agents on immunocompetent cells as well as the immunotoxicity exerted by xenobiotics and drugs. Hence the journal encompasses a broad range of pathologies (e.g. acute and chronic infections allergy autoimmunity cancer degenerative disorders inflammation and primary and secondary immunodeficiencies).
 Muaco River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The William H. Van Epps House is a historic house in Dixon Illinois. It is an example of Italianate architecture. and was constructed around 1855. The Van Epps House was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Manzano Mountains are a small mountain range in the central part of the US State of New Mexico. They are oriented north-south and are about 40 miles (65 km) long. The center of the range lies about 25 miles (40 km) southeast of Albuquerque and the northern foothills (termed the Manzanitas) are just a few miles east of the edge of the city.
 Pico Peak is a mountain located in Rutland County Vermont. It is the northernmost summit of the Coolidge Range in the Green Mountains and the second highest after Killington Peak. Pico Peak is flanked to the south by Ramshead Peak and to the north faces Deer Leap Mountain across Sherburne Pass. The peak's name may stem from the Abnaki for the pass/opening or indeed from the Spanish or Portuguese word for peak Pico. Seen from Sherburne Pass the summit resembles a cone.
 Hunter-Dawson State Historic Site in New Madrid Missouri is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as historic house museum and a state historic site.
 The Memorial Union known locally as simply the Union is located on the shore of Lake Mendota on the campus of the University of Wisconsin–Madison in Madison Wisconsin. On the lakeshore to the north of the building is the Terrace a popular outdoor space overlooking Lake Mendota. It has gained a reputation as one of the most beautiful student centers on a university campus.
 John Sterling Howe (born August 26 1963) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 28 which includes portions of Goodhue Wabasha and Winona counties in the southeastern part of the state. He is also the owner of Howe Properties LLC based in Red Wing.A Republican Howe was first elected to the Senate in 2010.
 Bąków [ˈbɔnkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pysznica within Stalowa Wola County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Pysznica 5 km (3 mi) north-east of Stalowa Wola and 66 km (41 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 190.
 Donja Stražava is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 722 people.
 Terhune Run is a tributary of Lawrence Brook in eastern South Brunswick New Jersey in the United States.
 Samuel Dexter (May 14 1761 – May 4 1816) was an early American statesman who served both in Congress and in the Presidential Cabinet.
 Legal is an album by Brazilian singer-songwriter Gal Costa released in 1970. The album returns to an accessible style following the experimental previous self-titled album Gal Costa of 1969. Legal is diversely influenced by psychedelic music blues and R&B.The album cover is designed by Brazilian artist Hélio Oiticica.
 Prairie Dog Town Fork Red River is a sandy-braided stream about 120 mi (193 km) long formed at the confluence of Palo Duro Creek and Tierra Blanca Creek about 1.8 mi (2.9 km) northeast of Canyon in Randall County Texas and flowing east-southeastward to the Red River about 1 mi (2 km) east of the 100th meridian 8 mi (13 km) south-southwest of Hollis Oklahoma.
 The Barre Common District is a historic district encompassing the town common of Barre Massachusetts and immediately adjacent historic buildings. It is bounded roughly by South Exchange Main Pleasant Broad School and Grove Streets. The Barre common was laid out in 1792 and has been a focus of the town's civic life ever since. It is flanked by many 19th century buildings and is the site of memorials to the town's military.
 The Transmutation of Ike Garuda is a two-issue prestige format mini-series published by the Epic Comics imprint of Marvel Comics with the first issue being released in 1991 and the second issue in 1992. It was written by Elaine Lee with art by James Sherman.Like some of Elaine Lee's other work The Transmutation of Ike Garuda is science fiction of the noir space opera genre.
 A Grain of Wheat is a novel by Kenyan novelist Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o. The novel weaves several stories together during the state of emergency in Kenya's struggle for independence (1952–1959) focusing on the quiet Mugo whose life is ruled by a dark secret. The plot revolves around his home village's preparations for Kenya's independence day celebration (Uhuru day).
 Bouthaina Shaaban (Arabic: بثينة شعبان‎) (b. 1953) is a Syrian politician and is currently the political and media adviser to the President of Syria. Shaaban served as the first Minister of Expatriates for the Syrian Arab Republic between 2003 and 2008 and has been described as the Syrian regime's face to the outside world.
 Sweet Inquest on Violence (French: Douce enquête sur la violence) is a 1982 French drama film directed by Gérard Guérin. It was entered into the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.
 Genesis is an album by American jazz drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1971 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Mantidactylus brevipalmatus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland rivers swamps pastureland and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Crușov River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Little Company of Mary is a private hospital in Pretoria South Africa. It is situated in Groenkloof a leavy suburb south east of the city centre. It was opened to the public in 1957.The hospital is part of the Life Healthcare group and features a state of the art stroke unit run by Dr W. Duim (Neurologist).
 Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎ also Romanized as Naşīrābād; also known as Kas̄īrābād) is a village in Baharestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Delta Blues Museum in Clarksdale exists to collect preserve and provide public access to and awareness of the blues.
 Błotkowo [bwɔtˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Lipno 11 km (7 mi) north of Leszno and 58 km (36 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.
 Flic en Flac is a seaside village on the western part of the island of Mauritius in the district of Rivière Noire. Its public white sandy beach is one of the longest and nicest on the island its lagoon is protected by the surrounding coral reefs the beach provide spectacular views over the Indian Ocean horizon and of Le Morne Brabant Peninsula located in the south west of Mauritius.
 Krusa is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Nordstromia semililacina is a moth in the Drepanidae family. It is found in Taiwan.The wingspan is 32-38 mm. Adults have been recorded in June.
 Beth Chayim Chadashim (House of New Life) (also called BCC) is a synagogue located at 6090 West Pico Boulevard in West Los Angeles California. Affiliated with Reform Judaism it was founded in 1972 as the world's first lesbian and gay synagogue recognized by the Reform Jewish community. Beth Chayim Chadashim now focuses on the entire LGBT community rather than just gays and lesbians. Current clergy are Rabbi Lisa Edwards and Cantor Juval Porat.
 Shabd (Hindi: शब्द Urdu: شبد English: Word). 2005 Bollywood thriller drama film produced by Pritish Nandy Communications and directed by Leena Yadav. It stars Sanjay Dutt Aishwarya Rai and Zayed Khan. The film got good reviews[citation needed] but failed at the Box Office. This movie resembles the 1983 Malayalam movie Rachana directed by Mohan.
 Edward Tevis Ted Wheeler (born August 31 1962) is an American politician from Oregon. He was appointed Oregon State Treasurer on March 9 2010 to replace Ben Westlund who died in office and was subsequently elected to a full term in 2012. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
 The baldchin groper Choerodon rubescens is a species of wrasse endemic to Western Australia where it occurs on coral and weed-grown rocky reefs. This species can reach a length of 90 cm (35 in).
 Asaphocrita quietis is a moth in the Blastobasidae family that is endemic to Costa Rica.
 The Road of Azrael is a collection of historical short stories by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in 1979 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 2150 copies of which 300 were boxed and signed by the artist.
 Silverstone's poison frog (Ameerega silverstonei; formerly Epipedobates silverstonei) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Khiari (Persian: خياري‎ also Romanized as Khīārī and Khīyarī; also known as Aḩsham-e ‘Alī Aḩmad Kheyārī and Aḩsham-e ‘Alī Aḩmad Khīārī) is a village in Baghak Rural District in the Central District of Tangestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 434 in 107 families.
 The Chillicothe Water and Power Company Pumping Station is a historic building on the northern side of Chillicothe Ohio United States. A Gothic Revival structure built in 1881 it was constructed to house the city's waterworks and power plant.
 Alice on Deadlines (D線上のアリス Dī Senjō no Arisu) is a manga series by Shiro Ihara. The manga was serialized in Square Enix's shōnen magazine Gangan Wing. Square Enix released the manga's four tankōbon volumes between March 26 2005 and May 27 2006. It is licensed in North America by Yen Press which released the four tankōbon volumes between November 2007 and November 2008.
 Hercezi is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Stubla is a village in the municipality of Medveđa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 119 people.
 Synechodes sidereus is a moth in the Brachodidae family. It was described by Kallies in 2004. It is found in New Guinea.The wingspan is about 21 mm. The forewings are brownish black but lighter in the anterior third. There is a small yellow spot near the base. The forewings are covered with white scales. The hindwings are black with a large orange-yellow spot.
 Rzepinek [ʐɛˈpinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów within Starachowice County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Pawłów 10 km (6 mi) south of Starachowice and 32 km (20 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 150.
 Of Mice and Men is a 1992 film based on John Steinbeck's novella of the same name. Directed and produced by Gary Sinise the film features Sinise as George Milton alongside John Malkovich as Lennie Small Casey Siemaszko as Curley John Terry as Slim Ray Walston as Candy Joe Morton as Crooks and Sherilyn Fenn as Curley's wife. Horton Foote adapted the story for film.Based on Steinbeck's 1937 novella the plot centers on Milton and the mentally disabled Small.
 Common names: Red spotted pitviper.Trimeresurus jerdonii xanthomelas is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to China.
 Rabivere is a village in Kohila Parish Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
 Kanapathipillai William Devanayagam (26 March 1910 – 17 December 2002; known as Bill Devanayagam) was a Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer politician government minister and Member of Parliament.
 European Archives of Psychiatry and Clinical Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed medical journal published 8 times a year by Springer Science+Business Media.
 Partners in Crime is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published by Dodd Mead and Company in the US in 1929 and in the UK by William Collins & Sons on 16 September of the same year. The US edition retailed at $2.00 and the UK edition at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6).
 Arthur Foss built in 1889 originally named Wallowa is one of the oldest wooden-hulled tugboats afloat in the United States. In 1898 in response to the Alaskan gold rush she transported barges full of gold-seeking miners and supplies up the Inside Passage. There are no other Alaskan Gold Rush vessels still operating today.
 The Darwin D. Martin House Complex also known as the Darwin Martin House National Historic Landmark was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and built between 1903 and 1905.
 Never Trust a Pretty Face is the third studio album by French singer Amanda Lear released by West German label Ariola Records in 1979. The album included notable hit singles The Sphinx and Fashion Pack (Studio 54) and turned out a commercial and critical success.
 The Lupoița River is a tributary of the Lupoaia River in Romania.
 The Ridin' Renegade (also known as The Riding Renegade) is a 1928 American Western directed by Wallace Fox for Film Booking Offices of America (FBO) starring Bob Steele Nancy Drexel and Lafe McKee. The film was distributed by FBO and commercially released in the United States on 19 February 1928.
 The Marlborough Tavern in Marlborough Connecticut was built in 1760. It has also been known as the Col. Elisha Buell House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978; the listing included two contributing buildings.It is a central-chimney style Colonial house.
 The Egher River is a tributary of the Racta River in Romania.
 Richard Smeaton White (March 17 1865 – December 17 1936) was a Canadian newspaper publisher and political figure. He sat for Inkerman division in the Senate of Canada as a Conservative from 1917 to 1936.He was born in Hamilton Ontario in 1865 the son of Richard White and Jean Riddel and was educated in Montreal and at Bishop's College. He was publisher of the Montreal Gazette and editor from 1886 to 1896.
 Sugar was a British magazine for teenage girls published by Hachette Filipacchi. Its content focused on boys fashion celebrities real-life stories about teenagers and other similar matters. The editor when it closed was Annabel Brog. The brand lives on through the website sugarscape.com. Aimed at females 16-24 it is currently edited by Kate Lucey.
 The Brush-tailed Rabbit Rat (Conilurus penicillatus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found in Australia and Papua New Guinea.
 NACLA Report on the Americas is a bimonthly political magazine published by the North American Congress on Latin America.
 Czechy [ˈt͡ʂɛxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Słomniki and 25 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 340.
 Comic High! (コミック・ハイ! Komikku Hai!) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published on a monthly basis by Futabasha. It was launched as a special issue of Weekly Manga Action but has since become its own independent monthly anthology. The magazine was first published on March 2 2004 as the industry's first shōjo manga magazine for males; the official website describes the magazine as Girlish comics for boys and girls. The magazine is aimed at males between 18 to 35 years old.
 The Twilight Saga: The Official Illustrated Guide (previously titled The Official Guide) is a spin-off encyclopedic reference book for the The Twilight Saga book series written by Stephenie Meyer and was released on April 12 2011.
 Harvey Cedars Bible Conference is a building complex of the Presbyterian denomination in Harvey Cedars New Jersey including a hotel a dock and sport facilities.
 Roja Malare is a 1997 Tamil romantic drama film directed by T. M. Jayamurugan. The film features Murali Reeva Arun Pandian and Anand Babu in lead roles. The film produced by Nirmaladevi Jayamurugan had musical score by Adithyan and was released on 5 December 1997 to negative reviews.
 University Hospital Ayr is a General Hospital on the outskirts of Ayr Scotland. The hospital opened in 1991 following the closure of three Ayr hospitals: Heathfield (medical) Seafield (paediatric) and Ayr County (surgical). The Hospital was built next to the psychiatric hospital Ailsa Hospital. Ayr hospital is operated by NHS Ayrshire and Arran and covers a catchment area of approx. 100000 people including the towns of Ayr Prestwick Troon Girvan and Maybole.
 Thomas M. Tommy Battle Jr. (born December 3 1955) is the mayor of Huntsville Alabama. His term began November 3 2008.Battle served one term on the Huntsville City Council from 1984-1988. He made an unsuccessful run for mayor in 1988. Battle moved to Huntsville in 1980 to operate Britling's Buffet which he sold in 1989. Battle owns or is managing partner in several firms in the retail and real estate sectors. He is married to Eula Battle and has one adult son Drew.
 Tangra Mountains (in Bulgarian Тангра планина 'Tangra planina' \'tan-gra pla-ni-'na\) (62°40′00″S 60°06′00″W) form the principal mountain range of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica.
 Saint Paul's Rectory is a historic church rectory at 130 Aspinwall Avenue in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Dagia is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 6.7 kilometres and has a basin area of 14.4 km².It is a tributary of the Šventoji River.
 Pizzo Paglia is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking the Val Cama in the canton of Graubünden. The border with Italy runs 200 metres south of the summit.
 Arlau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Phoebe in Wonderland is a 2008 independent film directed by Daniel Barnz.It was screened in the Dramatic Competition at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and received a limited theatrical release on March 6 2009.
 Pareuchaetes insulata the Yellow-winged Pareuchaetes is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1855. It is found on Cuba and the Antilles as well as in the southern United States (Arizona Florida South Carolina and Texas) the Dominican Republic El Salvador Guatemala and Nicaragua.The wingspan is 26–38 mm. The forewings are clay yellow without markings.
 Selemani Saidi Jafo (born 26 May 1973) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Kisarawe constituency since 2010.
 Du Jiahao (Chinese: 杜家毫; born July 1955) is a politician of the People's Republic of China. He is the Governor and Deputy Communist Party Chief of Hunan province. He previously served as Vice Governor of Heilongjiang province and also held many positions in Shanghai.
 Ruhollah (Persian: روح اله‎ also Romanized as Rūḩollāh) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 38 in 8 families.
 Sleep No More was the first of three 1940s anthologies of fantasy and horror stories edited by August Derleth and illustrated by Lee Brown Coye. It was first published by Rinehart & Company in 1944. Featuring short stories by H. P. Lovecraft Robert E. Howard Clark Ashton Smith and other noted authors of the macabre genre many of the stories made their initial appearance in Weird Tales magazine.
 Green Blue Fire is the an album by Lida Husik and Beaumont Hannant released in April 1996 through Astralwerks.
 Kukka Katuku Cheppu Debba is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
 The First National Bank of White Bear in White Bear Lake Minnesota United States is a classical revival bank building designed by Clark E. Van Kirk unique for the area with a red tile roof; designed in 1921. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Young Sherlock Holmes: Black Ice is the third novel in the Young Sherlock Holmes series that depicts Arthur Conan Doyle's detective Sherlock Holmes as a teenager in the 1860s. It was written by Andrew Lane and released in the United Kingdom on 3 June 2011 by Macmillan Books. It follows on from Young Sherlock Holmes: Death Cloud and Young Sherlock Holmes: Red Leech.==Plot summary==Mycroft Holmes invites Sherlock and his tutor Amyus Crowe to London for a visit.
 Burt Pines is a California attorney and politician. He served as Los Angeles City Attorney from 1973 to 1981 and has served as a judge of the Los Angeles County Superior Court since 2003.
 Cappuccino is a 1989 Australian comedy film about out of work actors.
 Two Years Before the Mast is a memoir by the American author Richard Henry Dana Jr. published in 1840 having been written after a two-year sea voyage starting in 1834. A film adaptation under the same name was released in 1946.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 241 in 53 families.
 Grove Plantation is a plantation house on Edisto Island South Carolina.The area now known as the Grove Plantation was a land grant to Robert Fenwick in 1694. From 1695 until 1825 the property changed hands nine times. In 1825 George Washington Morris purchased the land and named it Grove Plantation.George Washington Morris was born in 1796 and married Maria Evans Whaley from Edisto.
 Papekop is a small village in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is a part of the municipality of Oudewater and lies about 3 km northwest of the city of Oudewater.The statistical district Papekop which covers the village centre has a population of around 130.Papekop was a separate municipality between 1818 and 1964 when it merged with Driebruggen. Between 1821 and 1989 when it became part of Oudewater the village was located in the province of South Holland.
 Landscapes is a compilation album of the British progressive rock band Camel released 8. December 1991.
 Zagórze [zaˈɡuʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Cyców 24 km (15 mi) east of Łęczna and 46 km (29 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Avat (Kazakh: Ават) is a village in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan.
 Coleophora dissociella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in North America including Nova Scotia.
 Sandy Lam is the debut album by the Hong Kong singer Sandy Lam. It was released under CBS Records in 1985.
 City Golf is a village and resort in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay.
 Ghazal (in Persian: غزل) is a 1975 Iranian film directed by Masoud Kimiai. It stars Mohammad Ali Fardin Faramarz Gharibian and Pouri Banayi. It is based on the short story The Interloper written by Jorge Luis Borges. Because of the cliche image that Iranian people had of Fardin in mind a happy go lucky person who always appears in happy ending movies this new artistic face was not successful in box office.
 Treisbach (Gilsa) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Us Now is a documentary film project about the power of mass collaboration the government and the Internet The New York Times describes it as a film which paints a future in which every citizen is connected to the state as easily as to Facebook choosing policies questioning politicians collaborating with neighbours.The documentary weaves together the perceptions of leading thinkers on the power of the web with the overriding suggestion that people gain a sense of satisfaction from active participation rather than symbolic representation in decision-making processes. 
 Alive at the Ladybug House is the second solo acoustic album from The Slackers' keyboardist/lead singer Vic Ruggiero. It was released in 2004.
 Liolaemus is a genus of iguanian lizards containing many species all of which are endemic to South America.
 Gabriel Rodríguez Aguiló (born August 19 1973) is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the New Progressive Party (PNP). He has been a member of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives since 2004.
 Nathan Bay Scott (December 18 1842 – January 2 1924) was a United States Senator from West Virginia.
 Ing. Justo A. Méndez Rodriguez (born November 8 1917) is a former Senator in the Puerto Rico Legislature.
 Crvica (Goražde) is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 'Til Death is the debut studio album by Australian metalcore band Capture the Crown. The album was produced by Cameron Mizell at Chango Studios in Orlando Florida and mastered by Joey Sturgis at Foundation Recording Studio in Connersville Indiana. The album was released on 18 December 2012 through Sumerian Records. It peaked at No. 19 on the ARIA Heatseekers Albums and in the United States it appeared on three Billboard component charts Top Hard Rock (No. 21) Top Heatseekers (No.
 Union Church is a historic church off ME 140 in Buckfield Maine.It was built in 1832 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Bellona Metalmark (Necyria bellona) is a butterfly of the Riodinidae family. It is found in most of South America.
 Stanci is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 417 people.
 The Hedge Rustic (Tholera cespitis) is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Europe to Siberia.The wingspan is 34–40 mm. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from the end of July to September.The larvae feed on various grasses including Nodus stricta Calamagrostis purpurea Festuca and Deschampsia species.. Larvae can be found from March to July. The species overwinters as an egg.
 Columbia City Paper is a free alternative newspaper in Columbia South Carolina featuring investigative articles political commentary humor music arts and entertainment coverage. Founded in August 2005 by Paul F. Blake the paper is based in Columbia South Carolina. Columbia City Paper is distributed throughout South Carolina's capital city and its suburbs.
 Leiostyla laevigata is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lauriidae.
 Old Train is the fourth album by the progressive bluegrass Maryland band The Seldom Scene. The album offers the group in their original lineup and features their trademark songs Wait A Minute Old Train and C & O Canal. The record is a mixture of progressive traditional bluegrass and folk material and also features guest musicians as Ricky Skaggs on violin or Linda Ronstadt on vocals..
 The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill is a 2003 documentary film directed produced and edited by Judy Irving. It chronicles the relationship between Mark Bittner an unemployed musician who is living rent-free in a cabin in Telegraph Hill in San Francisco California and a flock of feral parrots that he feeds and interacts with -- cherry-headed conures mainly but also two blue-crowned conures one of which is named Connor.
 The Apa Lină River is a tributary of the Apa Mare River in Romania.
 Hyposmocoma wailua is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is endemic to Kauai. The species belongs to the amphibious caterpillar guild of the Hyposmocoma genus.
 The Raven and the Reaping is the first album by the death metal band The Famine. It was released on May 27 2008 on Solid State Records. The song Killing for Sport was written in 10 minutes before being recorded.
 For the 1944 Benny Goodman film see Sweet and Low-Down. For the Dave Van Ronk album see Sweet & Lowdown.Sweet and Lowdown is a 1999 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Woody Allen. The film tells the story set in the 1930s of a fictional jazz guitarist named Emmet Ray (played by Sean Penn) who regards himself as the second greatest guitarist in the world (after jazz icon Django Reinhardt) who falls in love with a mute woman (Samantha Morton).
 Slovanka (German: Seibthübel) is a hill situated 820 m above sea level in the central Jizera Mountains (Isergebirge) in the area of Lučany nad Nisou (former Bezirk Gablonz) between Královka (Königshöhe) and Bramberk. The view tower next to the hut built in the year 1887 from iron is 14 metres high with 56 steps to the top. It was rebuilt for 550.000 Kč and reopened on 5 July 2000.
 Graphantha is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 One Last Laugh In A Place Of Dying... is the second and final album by The God Machine. It was released on CD and LP in 1994 by Fiction Records/Polydor. The band had already ceased to function by the time of the album's release due to the sudden tragic death of bassist Jimmy Fernandez earlier in the year.
 Newman's Law is a 1974 film directed by Richard T. Heffron. It stars George Peppard and Roger Robinson.
 Brekke Church (Norwegian: Brekke kyrkje) is a parish church in Gulen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Brekke. The church is part of the Brekke parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has 390 seats was consecrated on 19 November 1862 by the local Dean Thomas Erichsen. The architect Christian Henrik Grosch made the designs for the church which is the third church on the site.
 Lake Magadi is the southernmost lake in the Kenyan Rift Valley lying in a catchment of faulted volcanic rocks north of Tanzania's Lake Natron. During the dry season it is 80% covered by soda and is well known for its wading birds including flamingos.Lake Magadi is a saline alkaline lake approximately 100 square kilometers in size that lies in a graben. The lake is an example of a saline pan.
 Do Kuhak (Persian: دوكوهك‎ also Romanized as Do Kūhak) is a village in Shurab Rural District in the Central District of Arsanjan County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 60 families.
 The McGurk Cabin in Yosemite National Park was the seasonal home of Yosemite cattleman Jack McGurk from 1895 to 1897. Located on the edge of McGurk's Meadow just to the north of the Glacier Point Road the cabin was used by a series of owners beginning with Hugh Davanay from whom McGurk bought the property in 1895. McGurk was evicted by the Army in 1897 after a dispute over title to the land.
 Acrolophus ceramochra is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Get Here and Stay is the second full-length album by American indie rock band 764-HERO. The album was first released on Up Records on October 20 1998.
 Ali Bagheri Kani (Persian: علی باقری کنی‎; born 12 December 1966 in Kan Tehran) is an Iranian diplomat who was Deputy Secretary of Iran's Supreme National Security Council from 2007 to 2013 and currently serves as advisor at the council. He was also a member of Saeed Jalili's presidential campaign in upcoming election. He is son of Mohammad-Ali Bagheri a former member of Assembly of Experts and also nephew of Mohammad-Reza Mahdavi Kani. He has been a diplomat since 1990.
 C.S.I Christ Church is located in Thattankulam. This church is a part of Tirunelveli Diocese.
 Marys Peak (formerly Mary's Peak and sometimes still spelled this way) is a mountain in Benton County Oregon United States just southwest of Philomath. It is the highest peak in the Oregon Coast Range. It is also the highest point in Benton Countyand ranks eleventh in the state for prominence.On a clear day at the top of the peak facing east northeast and southeast one can see the cities and suburbs of the Willamette Valley as well as the Cascade Range.
 Chenarbarin (Persian: چناربرين‎ also Romanized as Chenārbarīn; also known as Chenal Bari and Chenal Parin) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District Pariz District Sirjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 13 families.
 Life with Billy is a 1994 Canadian television film based on the non-fiction book of the same name by Brian Vallée. The film was nominated for five Gemini Awards and won three.The film begins with Jane Hurshman (Beatty) shooting her common-law husband Billy Stafford (McHattie) in his sleep and then shows the resulting police investigation and trial interspersed with flashbacks showing the domestic abuse that Stafford inflicted on Hurshman over the course of their relationship.
 La Cuna vacía is a 1949 Argentine film.
 The Killing Phone (khmer:ទូរសព្ទប្រលៃព្រលឹង) is a Khmer horror film released in Cambodia in 2006. It is a remake of the Thai film 999-9999.Several Asian horror movies are given a nod in this Thai horror movie. The ghost woman in white dress come out of the television and the death of kim are a nod to Ringu. The exorcism scene in this film is a nod to that of One Missed Call.
 Benjamin Strong Jr. (December 22 1872 – October 16 1928) was an American banker. He served as Governor of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for 14 years until his death. Strong exerted great influence over the policy and actions of the entire Federal Reserve System.
 Tom and Jerry & The Wizard of Oz is a 2011 animated direct-to-video film starring Tom and Jerry produced by Warner Bros. Animation. The film is an animated remake of MGM's 1939 classic film The Wizard of Oz with the addition of Tom and Jerry who would debut in their series of MGM films a year later incorporating them into the movie as major supporting characters. Droopy and Butch also cameo as minor antagonists.
 The Bonito River (Alonzo River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Clathromangelia coffea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clathurellidae.
 Rage (1966) is a Drama/Movie starring Glenn Ford and directed by Gilberto Gazcón
 The Ancestor Game is a 1992 Miles Franklin literary award winning novel by the Australian author Alex Miller. The Ancestor Game was republished by Allen & Unwin in 2003.
 Uniclass (Unified Classification for the Construction Industry) published in 1997 in UK by the Construction Project Information Committee (CPIC).This is fast becoming Uniclass2 as of 2013. A change that sees the 15 original Uniclass tables reduced to 7 (although more may be added).
 Transmetropolitan is a cyberpunk comic book series written by Warren Ellis with art by Darick Robertson and published by DC Comics. The series was originally part of the short-lived DC Comics imprint Helix but upon the end of the book's first year the series was moved to the Vertigo imprint as DC Comics cancelled the Helix imprint. It chronicles the battles of Spider Jerusalem infamous renegade gonzo journalist of the future an homage to gonzo journalism founder Hunter S.
 Nathan Ballentine (born December 10 1970) is a Republican member of the South Carolina House of Representatives USA representing the House District 71 since 2005.
 Poecilotheria regalis is a species of arboreal tarantulas from the Western and Eastern Ghats India. The common name for this spider is Indian Ornamental Tree Spider or simply Indian Ornamental. It is one of the most popular arboreal tarantulas for amateur collectors. Their legspan sometimes exceeds 7 inches (18 cm).
 Resen is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 81 people.
 The Bièvre is a 32.8 km long river of the Île-de-France région that flows into the Seine (left bank) in Paris. The name translates to Beaver River in English.The current course is said to have been modified from its natural course to supply irrigation for an abbey located outside the city wall of Phillipe-Auguste. This diversion is reflected in maps of Paris dating from the 13th century.
 Robert Mackay (February 24 1840 – December 25 1916) was a Canadian businessman and statesman.An 1855 emigrant to Montreal Canada from his birthplace in Caithness Scotland Robert Mackay got his start working at the Henry Morgan & Company department store. He then went to work for Mackay Brothers wholesalers owned by his uncles. Highly successful in business he became a close business associate of powerful Montreal entrepreneurs: Rodolphe Forget stockbroker Herbert S.
 Moshi Monsters: The Movie is a British-American flash animated adventure comedy film based on the virtual world of Moshi Monsters. The film stars Katsuma Poppet Diavlo Luvli Furi Zommer Dr. Strangeglove Sweet Tooth Bobbi Singsong Mr and Mrs Snoodle Buster Bumplechops and more monsters along with a load of other monsters and Moshlings.
 Výžerky is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 M. V. Gangadhara Siva (born 1898) was an Indian politician and member of Indian Parliament.He is son of M. Varadarajulu; born at Cuddapah in 1898. He was educated at Municipal High School Cuddapah and Wesley College Madras. He married Shrimati Nagamani in 1935.
 Two Pesos was a Tex-Mex restaurant chain in the U.S. state of Texas that opened in 1982 in Houston. It was similar to Taco Cabana but Two Pesos never opened in Taco Cabana's home market of San Antonio. The Two Pesos chain was sold to Taco Cabana in 1993 after losing a drawn-out trade dress suit that appeared before the United States Supreme Court.
 20:20 was a planned box set release by singer-songwriter Ryan Adams rumored to have a scheduled release in late 2007. Adams stated that the box set would include albums that he really wanted to be records.According to Adams the box set was to include five unreleased albums: The Suicide Handbook 48 Hours Pinkhearts Darkbreaker and Black Hole. Adams stated that the five albums would be: collected into a box-set called 20:20.
 Social Theory of International Politics is an academic book by Alexander Wendt. It expresses a constructivist approach to the study of international relations and is one of the leading texts within the constructivist approach to international relations scholarship.Social Theory of International Politics expresses a theory that emphasises the role of shared ideas and norms in shaping state behaviour.
 The LeDoux/Healey House is located on Deer Hill Road in Cornwall on Hudson New York United States. It was built around 1890 for a daughter of Lyman Abbott who was a summer resident of the area. It is considered a good example of the Shingle style and was renovated and expanded by later owners. In 1982 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The house is situated near the top of Deer Hill a wooded area that is the highest point in the village.
 Show Girl in Hollywood (1930) is an all-talking musical comedy/drama film with Technicolor sequences produced and distributed by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros.. The film starred Alice White Jack Mulhall and Blanche Sweet. It was adapted from the novel Hollywood Girl (1929) by J. P. McEvoy.
 Wilde Rodach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Bargłówka [barˈɡwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bargłów Kościelny 13 km (8 mi) south-west of Augustów and 74 km (46 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Remember the Daze is a 2007 drama film released in theaters in April 2008. The film was directed by Jess Manafort.
 The Shah Jahan Mosque is located in Thatta Sindh province Pakistan. It was built during the reign of Mughal emperor Shah Jahan.
 Uyanış (English: Awakening) is Işın Karaca's fourth studio album released on May 29 2009. She worked with sibel Alaş Erdem Yörük Erol Temizel and Zeki Güner. The album has a different sound compared to her previous albums it also has R&B & electronic sound. She is also the song-writer for several songs in the album.
 The Yellow-bellied Bush Warbler (Horornis acanthizoides) also known as the Yellowish-bellied Bush Warbler is a species of bush warbler (family Cettiidae). It was formerly included in the Old World warbler assemblage.It is found on mainland China and Taiwan. Hume's Bush Warbler was formerly considered conspecific.
 Marybeth Peters (born June 12 1939 in Pawtucket Rhode Island) served as the 11th United States Register of Copyrights from August 7 1994 to December 31 2010. Prior to serving as register Peters held the positions of Policy Planning Adviser to the Register Acting General Counsel of the Copyright Office and as chief of both the Examining Division and the Information and Reference Divisions.
 Takekurabe (たけくらべ Takekurabe) English titles include: Adolescence Growing Up Twice Growing Up and Child's Play is a 1955 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Heinosuke Gosho.It is a film adaptation of Higuchi Ichiyō's 1895-1896 novel Takekurabe.Production design was made by Kazuo Kubo sound recordist was Michio Okazaki and lighting technician was Susumu Irie.
 Borysławice Zamkowe [bɔrɨswaˈvit͡sɛ zamˈkɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzegorzew within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Grzegorzew 12 km (7 mi) east of Koło and 130 km (81 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Floor of the Valley Road also known as the Zion Canyon Scenic Drive follows the canyon of the North Fork of the Virgin River also known as Zion Canyon through Zion National Park Utah. A precursor to the present nine-mile road was first built in 1916 but was later redesigned by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs to highlight the natural features of the valley while presenting a natural-appearing built environment.
 The Wayside House was built in 1846 in Cedarburg Wisconsin USA by Fredrick Hilgen who later was the co-owner of The Cedarburg Mill. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 17 1982.
 Londontown Manufacturing Company Inc. also known as Meadow Mill is a historic cotton mill complex located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a three-story Italianate brick structure that features a square tower structure with a truncated spire-like roof having an open bell cupola. It was erected in 1877 as one of five mills which comprised the Woodberry Manufacturing Company. It was intended for the manufacture of seine twines.
 The Wallowa County Chieftain Building in Enterprise Oregon is a historic building of the Wallowa County Chieftain newspaper that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.It is significant for its association with the Wallowa County Chieftain which has run since 1884 and has served the county with general news and at times with controversy.It is one of a few surviving historic buildings in Enterprise constructed of local Bowlby stone; others are the NRHP-listed Wallowa County Courthouse and the Burnaugh Building.;This building was built for the newspaper in 1915 or 1916 the newspaper itself has moved on to a new location at 209 N. 
 Rasa Singh Rawat (born 17 April 1947) is an Indian politician. He has been a member of the 9th 10th 11th 13th and the 14th Lok Sabha of India representing the Ajmer constituency in the state of Rajasthan. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)..
 Ralph D. Acosta (born September 28 1934) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Top of the Food Chain is a 1999 Canadian film directed by John Paizs starring Campbell Scott Fiona Loewi and Tom Everett Scott. It was released on video in the US under the title Invasion! It is a parody of alien invasion movies where mysterious carnivorous beings invade a small town.
 Château de la Chalupie is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Place Fell is a hill in the English Lake District. It stands at the corner of the upper and middle reaches of Ullswater with steep western flanks overlooking the villages of Glenridding and Patterdale.
 Sylvester Ayodele Arise is a Nigerian senator who represents the People's Democratic Party (PDP) in Ekiti State. He became a member of the Nigerian Senate in 2007.
 Catherine Caldwell Eagles (born 1958) is a judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina and a former Superior Court judge in Guilford County North Carolina.
 Cowboy Christmas: Cowboy Songs II is the seventeenth album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey his second album of cowboy songs and his first album of Christmas music.
 Moladanda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Fac Not Fiction is the second studio album by American rap group 187 Fac released August 26 1997 on Penalty Recordings. It was produced by Ant Banks Clint Payback Sands Ephriam Galloway Ivan Johnson Mike Mosely and Spice 1. The album peaked at number 81 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. It features guest performances by Spice 1 Ant Banks B-Legit V-Dal Big Lurch Captain Save 'Em and the former member of the group Frank J
 Matthew James (born September 11 1955 in Norfolk Virginia) is a Democratic member of the Virginia House of Delegates from the 80th district which includes parts of the cities Norfolk Portsmouth and Chesapeake.He won his seat in the 2009 elections after defeating Republican Jennifer Lee in the general election by nearly forty points. He succeeded incumbent Kenneth Melvin who resigned in May 2009 to become a judge.
 The Sunday Times is the largest-selling British national quality Sunday newspaper. It is published by Times Newspapers Ltd a subsidiary of News UK which is in turn owned by News Corp. Times Newspapers also publishes The Times. The two papers were founded independently and have been under common ownership only since 1966.
 Mazraeh-ye Now (Persian: مزرعه نو‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Now and Mazra‘eh Now; also known as Mazra‘eh Now Japlogh) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District Kamareh District Khomeyn County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 22 families.
 Marvin E. Miller Jr. (born December 13 1945) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Trochulus montanus is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 My Lady's Lips (also known as My Ladies' Lips) is a 1925 silent drama film written by John F. Goodrich and directed by James P. Hogan for B.P. Schulberg and his Preferred Pictures Corporation. The film stars Alyce Mills and represents an early role for actress Clara Bow.
 The Urlea River is a tributary of the Pojorta River in Romania.
 CNS Neuroscience & Therapeutics is a bimonthly medical journal published 1995 by Wiley-Blackwell addressing topics in neurology and central nervous system therapeutic pharmacology. It was established in 1995 as CNS Drug Reviews and obtained its current title in 2008.
 Château André Ziltener is a château in Chambolle-Musigny Côte-d'Or France. It houses a hotel and a winery.It was the monks of the Cistercian order who made the land in Burgundy arable and who resided here until the French Revolution. They also laid the foundations for viticulture in this world-renowned wine region.In 1709 the château was constructed at the request of the first president of the Burgundian parliament on the foundations of an old Cistercian priory.
 Ioan Totu (Romanian pronunciation: [iˈo̯an ˈtotu]; May 14 1931 - April 21 1992) was a Romanian communist politician who served as the Vice Prime Minister of Romania Minister of Foreign Affairs of Romania and President of the State Planning Committee during the reign of Nicolae Ceaușescu.
 Le Méridien Piccadilly is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. The rooms are divided into sets by type including Classic Rooms Deluxe Rooms Club Rooms and Executive Junior Suites.The hotel was constructed in 1908 as The Piccadilly Hotel and passed through numerous owners before being bought by Le Méridien in 1986.Le Méridien Piccadilly was bought by American company Host Hotels & Resorts in 2010 after a £6 million refurbishment.
 Bernard Bernie Sanders (born September 8 1941) is an American politician and the junior United States Senator from Vermont.
 A Little House Traveler: Writings from Laura Ingalls Wilder’s Journeys Across America is a collection of early writings by Laura Ingalls Wilder author of the Little House series of novels.
 Doring River (Western Cape) rises in the Groot River catchments. It meets with the Olifants River below the Bulshoek Weir Western Cape province South Africa.
 Laevilitorina umbilicata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae the winkles or periwinkles.
 Shaking the Habitual is the fourth studio album by Swedish electronic music duo The Knife released on 5 April 2013 by Rabid Records. The album was announced on 12 December 2012 along with a teaser video posted on YouTube. The track listing was officially revealed on 25 January 2013 followed by the artwork two days later. It was released as a double CD and triple LP and as a digital download.Full of Fire was released as the album's lead single on 28 January 2013.
 Beautiful Bastard is an erotic romance novel by Christina Hobbs and Lauren Billings under the singular pen name of Christina Lauren. The book was originally published online as a Twilight fan fiction entitled The Office with Simon & Schuster purchasing the publishing rights to the series.A sequel entitled Beautiful Stranger that follows Chloe's best friend is set to release in May 2013.
 Tunes for a Small Harmonica is a novel by Barbera Wersba about an adolescent tomboy named J.F. McAllister. It was originally published by Dell Publishing but was then reprinted by Harper and Row publishing.
 Valeria Ciavatta (born 16 January 1959) is a co-captain-regent (joint head of state) of San Marino along with Luca Beccari for the semester of April to September 2014. She is a member of the Popular Alliance of Democrats.
 The J. T. Jecker House at 104 N. Liberty in Victoria Texas was built in 1870. It was designed by architect Jules Leffland in Late Victorian architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1987.
 The Replacement Killers is a 1998 American action film directed by Antoine Fuqua in his directorial debut and starring Chow Yun-fat Mira Sorvino Michael Rooker and Kenneth Tsang. The film was released in the United States on February 6 1998. The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Ken Sanzel. Veteran action director John Woo co-produced and choreographed the action sequences.
 The Best of Spineshank is a greatest hits compilation album released by the American industrial metal band Spineshank's former record label Roadrunner Records. It was released on January 29 2008 and features material from the band's first 3 studio albums presented in reverse chronological order. The album has sold over 10000 copies as of March 11 2008.
 Donald Frederick Hornig (March 17 1920 – January 21 2013) was an American chemist explosives expert teacher and presidential science advisor. He served as president of Brown University from 1970 to 1976.
 The Palace Theatre is a landmark theater located on Market Avenue N. in downtown Canton Ohio. Built in 1926 the Palace Theatre is a performing arts venue for stage plays comedy speeches and film screenings. It is also the home performance venue of the regionally renowned Canton Ballet.
 Katza is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 CardioVascular and Interventional Radiology (CVIR) is a peer-reviewed medical journal. It is the official journal of the Cardiovascular and Interventional Radiological Society of Europe and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. Founded in 1978 by Professors Herbert L.
 Blues Anytime: An Anthology of British Blues is a series of compilation albums featuring tracks from various British blues artists.
 Call for the Saint is a collection of two mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris first published in the United States in 1948 by The Crime Club and later the same year in the United Kingdom by Hodder and Stoughton. This book continues the adventures of Charteris' creation Simon Templar alias The Saint.This was the final volume in which Charteris used the novella format for telling his stories; the format would be revived again in the 1960s by which time other authors were writing the stories.
 Hardin County Line is the first full-length recorded by country music singer-songwriter Mark Collie. It featured 3 singles one of which Looks Aren't Everything hit the top 40. The other two the title track and Something With A Ring To It failed to chart.
 Ophichthus tomioi is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by John E. McCosker in 2010.
 The Red-throated Piping Guan (Pipile cujubi) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Brazil where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Zardaki-ye Sofla (Persian: زردكي سفلي‎ also Romanized as Zardakī-ye Soflá and Zardaki Sofla; also known as Zardaki and Zardakī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Angali Rural District in the Central District of Bushehr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Timberline Lodge is a mountain lodge on the south side of Mount Hood in Oregon about 60 miles (97 km) east of Portland.Built in the late 1930s this National Historic Landmark sits at an elevation of 5960 feet (1817 m) within the Mount Hood National Forest and is accessible through the Mount Hood Scenic Byway. It is a popular tourist attraction drawing more than a million visitors annually. It is noted in film for serving as the exterior of the Overlook Hotel in The Shining.
 Turbonilla mendana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Roads to the South is a 1978 film directed by Joseph Losey. It stars Yves Montand and Miou-Miou.
 Estanislau da Conceição Aleixo Maria da Silva (born August 4 1952) is an East Timorese politician and a key member of the Revolutionary Front for an Independent East Timor (FRETILIN). He was acting Prime Minister from May 2007 to August 2007.A member of FRETILIN since 1974 Da Silva served on the diplomatic front for the East Timorese resistance during the years of the Indonesian occupation of Timor Leste (1975 to 1999).
 Brijesh Pathak born on 25 June 1964 is an Indian politician from Bahujan Samaj Party and a Member of Parliament representing the state of Uttar Pradesh in the upper house of Indian Parliament known as Rajya Sabha.
 Kadziak [ˈkad͡ʑak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarocin within Jarocin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Jarocin and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Sphictostethus is a genus of Pepsid spider wasps which has a dispersed southern Pacific distribution which encompasses Chile eastern Australia Tasmania and New Zealand and is very similar to the distribution of the southern beeches of the genus Nothofagus. The type species is S. gravesii but the genus's greatest diversity is in Australia especially in the more humid and temperate south east with one species S. insularis endemic to Lord Howe Island.
 Célestin Leroy Gaombalet (born 1 January 1942) is a Central African politician who was Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 2003 to 2005. He was President of the National Assembly from 2005 to 2013.
 The Tannehill Ironworks is a state historic site in Tuscaloosa County near the unincorporated town of McCalla. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Tannehill Furnace it was a major supplier of iron for Confederate ordnance. Remains of the old furnaces are the central attraction of Tannehill Ironworks Historical State Park located 12 miles (19 km) south of Bessemer Alabama off I-59/20 near the southern end of the Appalachian Mountains.
 Kahbad-e Do (Persian: كهباددو‎ also Romanized as Kahbād-e Do; also known as Kūbād-e Morādī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1448 in 249 families.
 Suszec [ˈsuʂɛt͡s] (German Sussetz) is a village in Pszczyna County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Suszec. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Pszczyna and 28 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 4130.
 The dense-scale lanternshark Etmopterus pycnolepis is a shark of the family Etmopteridae found in the southeast Pacific off Peru and Chile.
 For the film see Sherlock Holmes and the House of FearThe House of Fear is the first English translation of the Ibne Safi's much celebrated Urdu novel Khaufnaak Imaraat that was first published in 1955. It is published by Random House and translated by Bilal Tanweer. It also carries another novella Shootout at the Rocks. Both feature the stock character Imran Ibne Safi whose actual name was Asrar Narvi wrote about 122 novels under this Imran Series.
 The Chirileni River is a tributary of the Şaru River in Romania.
 Dead Leaves is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The label's website lists the title as 枯葉 / Dead Leaves but only the last part is actually printed on the release.
 Kangalin Vaarthaigal is a 1998 Tamil drama film directed by Muktha S. Sundar. It stars Vikram and Prema in the lead roles. Music by Ilayaraja. The film was a remake of Kannada film Nammoora Mandara Hoove.
 TWELVE Centennial Park is a mixed-use complex located in Downtown Atlanta. The project plans consist of two residential highrise towers of 39 stories each and one mid-rise hotel. The combined residential towers would contain 1024 condominium units while the hotel consists of 102 rooms. There is 20000 sq ft (2000 m2) of retail space and 5000 sq ft (500 m2) of restaurant space. Due to the Great Recession only one of the two residential towers was completed in 2007.
 Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason is a 1999 novel by Helen Fielding a sequel to her popular Bridget Jones's Diary. It chronicles Bridget Jones's adventures after she begins to suspect that her boyfriend Mark Darcy is falling for a rich young solicitor who works in the same firm as him a woman called Rebecca. The comic novel follows the characteristic ups and downs of the self-proclaimed singleton's first real relationship in several years.
 Hauptmann Florian von der Mühle is an East German film. It was released in 1968.
 Superman/Wonder Woman is an ongoing comic book series published by DC Comics that debuted in October 2013 as part of the company's The New 52 initiative. The series written by Charles Soule with artwork by Tony Daniel explores the relationship between Superman and Wonder Woman two of DC Comics' most popular characters.
 Solid is a 1974 blues-rock album recorded by The Groundhogs originally released by WWA Records. It was arranged composed engineered and produced by band member Tony McPhee. It entered the UK album charts in July 1974 reaching number 31 but remained in the charts for only one week.
 Turku University Hospital (Finnish: Turun yliopistollinen keskussairaala TYKS Swedish: Åbo universitetscentralsjukhus ÅUCS) is a hospital in Turku Finland.
 The Cracul Mic River is a headwater of the Agăstin River in Romania.
 Posht Mesar (Persian: پشتمسار‎ also Romanized as Posht Mesār; also known as Posht Mīān) is a village in Markiyeh Rural District Mirza Kuchek Janghli District Sowme'eh Sara County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1438 in 380 families.
 Bhagyawan is a 1993 Indian Bollywood film directed by S.K. Subash and produced by Upendra Jha. It stars Govinda and Juhi Chawla in pivotal roles.
 Live at the Fillmore is Ozomatli's second live album (although the first to receive widespread distribution). The album was released as a CD/DVD the DVD being the same performance with extra tracks and also special features. It was recorded at The Fillmore an auditorium in San Francisco.
 The rupicolous gerbil (Dipodillus rupicola) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in Mali.Its natural habitats are dry savanna and rocky areas.
 Harrison and Barrison (Hungarian: Harrison és Barrison) is a 1917 Hungarian silent comedy film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Márton Rátkai Dezsõ Gyárfás and Nusi Somogyi. Korda broke from his previous practice of adapting literary works to direct an original screenplay. The film's style is a madcap one which relied on the talents of its two stars Rátkai and Gyárfás who were popular comedians. It was Korda's most famous Hungarian film better known than his literary adaptions.
 White Sea Urchin (Tripneustes depressus) are found in the Panamanian part of the North Pacific Ocean.
 Palfuria helichrysorum is a spider species of the Zodariidae family.
 The Marshalsea was an infamous prison in England located on the south bank of the River Thames in Southwark now part of London. From at least the 14th century until it closed in 1842 it housed a wide variety of prisoners including men under court martial for crimes at sea and unnatural crimes and well-known intellectuals and political figures accused of sedition.
 Kaiser Center also called the Kaiser Building is a 28 story office building located at 300 Lakeside Drive adjacent to Lake Merritt in downtown Oakland California designed by the architectural firm of Welton Becket & Associates of Los Angeles. The property is bounded by Lakeside Drive which terminates and joins Harrison Street at the site 20th- 21st- and Webster-streets.
 Turn Left at Gilgamesh is a play by Rory Winston in which civilization develops solely through a series of misunderstandings.Winston's first full-length effort Turn Left at Gilgamesh centers around 3 characters whose every effort to be understood furthers their sense of alienation. However it is also their ability to damage one another in just the right way that results in mutual development.
 Usa (Russian: Уса́; Komi: Усва Usva) is a river in the northeast corner of European Russia which drains the Polar Urals southwest into the Pechora River. The Polar Urals tend to the northeast and the Usa runs parallel to them. It is in the Komi Republic of Russia and the largest tributary of the Pechora River which it joins from the right. It is 565 km long with a drainage basin of 93 600 km².
 Mount Bogong /ˈboʊɡɒŋ/ located in the Alpine National Park is the highest mountain in Victoria Australia at 1986 metres (6516 ft). The Big River separates the massif of the mountain from the Bogong High Plains to the south. Bogong in the local Aboriginal language means bigfella[citation needed].
 The Norfolk and Suffolk Aviation Museum is a museum collection of aircraft and aviation-related artefacts located near the former RAF Bungay airfield on the outskirts of Flixton in the United Kingdom.
 The Devil's 8 is a 1969 film from American International Pictures. It is about a Federal agent (Christopher George) who recruits six convicts to bust a moonshine ring.
 Lake Saint-Charles (French: Lac Saint-Charles) is a lake located in the Capitale-Nationale region of Quebec Canada. It is located partially within the Quebec City borough of La Haute-Saint-Charles and partially within the united township municipality of Stoneham-et-Tewkesbury. Lake Saint-Charles is the source of the Saint-Charles River. Located less than 20 minutes from downtown Quebec City it is an important natural habitat to Quebec City area residents.
 Our Lady of Perpetual Help also known as St. Mary's Catholic Church was built in 1902 and is located atop St. Mary's Mountain in Altus Arkansas. The church is on the National Register of Historic Places and has over five hundred members.The church is known for its Sistine Chapel-style paintings and grand Roman Basilical architecture. Brown stone blocks cover the outside of the church and the inside walls are lined with ornate gold leaf.
 Colina is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cerithiidae.
 Little White Lies is a bi-monthly British independent movie magazine that features writing illustration and photography related to cinema. It is published by London-based creative agency The Church of London who also publish Huck Magazine.
 Aikido and the Dynamic Sphere is a non-fiction book about the martial art of aikido.Oscar Ratti and Adele Westbrook husband and wife wrote Aikido and the Dynamic Sphere shortly after they had achieved shodan rank in aikido and a short stay in Japan.
 Turmoil in the Swaths (French: Trouble dans les andains) is a novel by the French writer Boris Vian. It was published posthumously by La Jeune Parque in 1966.
 Sir Pierre-Évariste Leblanc KCMG (August 10 1853 – October 18 1918) was born in Saint-Martin (today part of Laval Quebec).He was a Quebec Conservative Party leader but never premier. First elected to the Legislative Assembly in a by-election in 1882 in the riding of Laval he served as leader of the Opposition from 1905 to 1908 when he lost the 1908 election and his own seat.
 Taking the Lead is the first solo album by Sonata Arctica guitarist Elias Viljanen. It was released in 2002 by Lion Music.
 Ain't Nothin' Like Me is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Joe released by Jive Records after several delays on April 24 2007 in the United States.
 Wild and Peaceful is the sixth album released by the funk band Kool & the Gang and is their commercial breakthrough album. The album was released in 1973 and was hugely successful on the Billboard R&B chart reaching #6 and charting for 36 weeks. It also reached #33 on the Pop charts making it the band's first entry into that chart's Top 40. The album spawned the band's first 3 Top 10 singles. Funky Stuff reached #5 R&B/#29 Pop.
 Faith Episcopal Church is located in Cameron Park California United States just off of U.S. Route 50 in the California Gold Country foothills region. Parishioners come from Sacramento Folsom El Dorado Hills and the Placerville area. The parish is located in a modern church building completed in 2003 housing a congregation that started as a mission group in the home of Father Kent S. McNair.
 Pärnjõe is a village in Vändra Parish Pärnu County in western-central Estonia.
 Abbas El Fassi About this sound pronunction ah-BASS ehl FASS-ee (Arabic: عباس الفاسي‎; born on 18 September 1940 Berkane) was the Prime Minister of Morocco from 19 September 2007 to 29 November 2011. El Fassi a member of the Istiqlal Party replaced independent Driss Jettou.
 Sam Rayburn Reservoir is a reservoir in the United States located in Southeast Texas 70 mi (110 km) north of Beaumont. The reservoir is fed by the Angelina River the major tributary of the Neches River. The capacity of the reservoir is 3997600 acre feet (4.9310×109 m3) and is the largest lake wholly located within the state of Texas. The reservoir is operated by the United States Army Corps of Engineers Fort Worth district.
 Perophora multiclathrata is a species of colonial sea squirt in the genus Perophora. It is native to the tropical Indo-Pacific and the western Atlantic Ocean.
 Kittali (Kannada ಕಿತ್ತಲಿ) is a village in Bagalkot district in Karnataka.
 Curly: An Illustrated Biography of the Superstooge is a biography of Three Stooges member Jerome (Curly) Howard written by his niece Joan Howard Maurer. It recounts her own memories of her uncle along with interviews with various living relatives that had memories of the rotund stooge.One of the interviews is with Curly's youngest daughter Janie Hanky. Interviews with his first daughter and second wife are also included.Michael Jackson wrote the foreword to the book.
 The Pine City Pioneer (also Pioneer or Pine Poker as it is often referred to) is the largest of four newspapers in Pine County and is published once per week.
 Konoplev is a small lunar crater that is located on the Moon's far side. It lies less than a crater diameter to the west of the satellite crater Ellerman Q. Ellerman itself is located farther to the northeast. To the north-northeast of Konoplev is the larger crater Gerasimovich.This crater lies near the outer fringes of the huge skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin to the east.
 Birds Britannica is book by Mark Cocker and Richard Mabey about the birds of the United Kingdom and a sister volume to Mabey's 1996 Flora Britannica about British plants.
 Robert George Windsor-Clive 1st Earl of Plymouth GBE CB PC (27 August 1857 – 6 March 1923) known as The Lord Windsor between 1869 and 1905 was a British nobleman and Conservative politician.
 Ilaaka is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Aziz Sejawal starring Dharmendra Raakhee Mithun Chakraborty Sanjay Dutt Madhuri Dixit Amrita Singh Amrish Puri and Om Puri.
 Henricus ceramocerus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The Three Horseshoes is a public house in Drybridge Street in the Overmonnow area of Monmouth Wales. The pub has also been used as an Inn and also known as The Three Horse Shoes Inn. The building has been a Grade II Listed building since 15 August 1974. 19th century 2 storeys roughcast as stone with a hooded doorway
 Spruce Creek Rod and Gun Club is a historic clubhouse and associated outbuildings located at Franklin Township Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. The clubhouse was built in 1905 and consist of a 2 1/2-story main section with a 2-story ell. It is constructed of local fieldstone and lumber and has gambrel roofs with dormers. The building is in the Colonial Revival style.
 Artemas Killian Callahan known as Temo Callahan (May 18 1904 – May 19 2001) was a politician in the American state of Alabama.Callahan was born in 1904 in Tuscaloosa. His name Artemas Killian was in honor of a doctor Artemas Daniel Killian that revived him when he died as an infant. He attended law school at the University of Alabama in 1926 and would go into practice in that same year.
 Arrival ll is a 1998 American Science Fiction Direct-to-Video movie. It is the Sequel to the 1996 movie The Arrival with Charlie Sheen.
 A Whole New Mind: Why Right-brainers Will Rule the Future is a book by Daniel H. Pink author of Free Agent Nation. A Whole New Mind posits that the future of global business belongs to the right-brainers. The book was published by Riverhead Books on March 24 2005.
 In My Lifetime: A Presentation of the Nuclear World Project is a documentary film about the history of nuclear weapons.
 Breed Street Shul also known as Congregation Talmud Torah of Los Angeles or Breed Street Synagogue is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue in the Boyle Heights section of Los Angeles California. It was the largest Orthodox synagogue in the western United States from 1915 to 1951 and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 Martin Heydon (born 9 August 1978) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Kildare South constituency at the 2011 general election. He was a member of Kildare County Council for the Athy electoral area from 2009 to 2011.
 Mount Tukosmera is the tallest mountain on Tanna Vanuatu. It is located in the southern part of the island. It was a volcano in the Pleistocene but is no longer active unlike Mount Yasur.The mountain has special religious significance for the adherents of the John Frum movement as a place from which gods come.[citation needed]
 The Monte Lindo River is a river of Paraguay.
 John Wesley Crockett (July 10 1807 – November 24 1852) was an American politician who represented Tennessee's twelfth district in the United States House of Representatives. It was the same district his father David Crockett had represented earlier.
 Bhattam Srirama Murthy (Telugu: భాట్టం శ్రీరామమూర్తి) B.A. L.L.B. (born 12 May 1926) is a Member of Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly and Indian Parliament.He is son of Shri Sannayya and born at Dharmavaram village in Vizianagaram district on 12 May 1926. He married Smt. Bhattam Satyavathi; They have 1 son and 2 daughters.He was member of All India Congress Committee for about 16 years.
 Young Pioneers (also known as Let the Hurricane Roar) a novel by Rose Wilder Lane. It contains some actual events from her mother's (Laura Ingalls Wilder) childhood.The books has been adapted as a TV-series The Young Pioneers and two TV movies - Young Pioneers and Young Pioneers' Christmas.
 Brauer's Opal (Chrysoritis braueri) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family found only in South Africa.The wingspan is 20–24 mm for males and 21–26 mm for females. Flight period has two broods from August to November and February to April.Larva feed on Zygophyllum spp. and Myrsine africana. They are associated with Crematogaster spp. ants.
 Brave Words & Bloody Knuckles is a Canadian heavy metal magazine.Founded by former M.E.A.T. magazine staffer Metal Tim Henderson and author Martin Popoff in 1994 Brave Words & Bloody Knuckles (BW&BK) has become a globally respected metal publication.
 John Carey is a Republican politician. He became the Chancellor of the University System of Ohio in 2013. In 2011 he served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives representing the 87th District before resigning at the end of the year. He also was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1995 until 2002 and the Ohio Senate from 2003 to 2010.
 Lefty (Russian: Левша́ translit. Levsha) is a 1964 feature-length cutout-animated film from the Soviet Union. The film is based on the story of the same name by the 19th century Russian novelist Nikolai Leskov. It was directed by the Patriarch of Soviet animation Ivan Ivanov-Vano at the Soyuzmultfilm studio.The score was performed by the Government Symphony Orchestra conducted by Grigori Gamburg.
 For the 1992 film see Intent to Kill (1992 film). For the legal term see Voluntary manslaughter.Intent to Kill is a 1958 British thriller film directed by Jack Cardiff and starring Richard Todd Betsy Drake and Herbert Lom. The film was based on the 1957 novel of the same name by Brian Moore (written under the pen-name Michael Bryan). It was shot on location in Montreal Canada with an international cast of European and North American actors.
 Blank Blackout Vacant is an LP by Poison Idea released in 1992 by Taang! Records.
 Mindungsan (Gyeonggi-do) is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1023 metres
 Proeulia schouteni is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Chile (Maule Region Bio-Bio Region).The wingspan is 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream yellow in the distal third suffused and/or strigulated with pale feruginous. The hindwings are cream mixed with pale brownish in the anal and cubital parts.
 Jamielnik-Kolonia [jaˈmjɛlnik kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski within Łuków County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Pugalur is the area covering lands both in Nanjai and Punjai.Nanjai refers to the land with plenty of water usually with water bodies like rivercanalpond etc. and Punjai refers to the land with less water bodies like bore well. Pugalur in nanjai area is known as Nanjai Pugalur and Pugalur in punjai area is known as Punjai Pugalur.
 The Busanjinjiseong Fortress (also known as Jaseongdae) is located at Beomil-dong Dong-gu Busan Metropolitan City the Republic of Korea. The existing wall-fortress remains were constructed by the Japanese military during the Japanese invasion of Korea (1592-1598).There are two assertions on the name of Jaseong (Subordinate Castle). One is that the wall-fortress on the current Mt.Jeungsan Jwacheon-dong is the mother castle and accordingly called Jaseong.
 Augustine Birrell PC KC (19 January 1850 – 20 November 1933) was an English politician barrister academic and author. He was Chief Secretary for Ireland from 1907 to 1916 resigning in the immediate aftermath of the Easter Rising.
 Nancy Helen Sutley led the White House Council on Environmental Quality. She was confirmed by the United States Senate through unanimous consent January 22 2009. In her role as chair she serves as the principal environmental policy advisor to the president.
 Barbelin Hall is the most enduring and memorable building on the campus of Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The structure was completed in 1927 and was the first building on the current City Avenue campus known as Hawk Hill. The building is known for its 165 foot tower which has become a symbol of the University. It is often used as a secondary logo for SJU.
 Controller is the third studio album released by Misery Signals and was released July 22 2008. The album was recorded by producer Devin Townsend who produced Misery Signals' debut record Of Malice and the Magnum Heart.On April 28th 2008 Misery Signals posted their first single for Controller called Weight of the World.
 Portrait of Sonny Criss is an album by saxophonist Sonny Criss recorded in 1967 and released on the Prestige label.
 The Reynolds-Alberta Museum in Wetaskiwin Alberta Canada is one of 18 provincially owned and operated historic sites and museums. It traces the mechanisation of Alberta's transportation aviation agricultural and industrial past from the 1890s to present as cars and trucks replaced horse-drawn buggies and wagons huge factories replaced the village blacksmith shop and animal and human-powered farm implements were replaced by mechanized equipment.
 The Superior Oil Company Building also known as the Bank of California Building and the Standard Hotel is a 12-story marble-clad highrise building in Downtown Los Angeles. Completed in 1956 the Modern architecture structure was designed by Claud Beelman and William Simpson as an office building and headquarters for Superior Oil Company.
 Alex Gorsky is an American businessman. He has been the Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson since April 26 2012.
 The Calling is a 2009 British drama film directed by Jan Dunn. Dunn's third feature film it tells the story of Joanna played by Emily Beecham who after graduating from university goes against her family and friends when she decides to join the closed order of Benedictine nuns.
 The King of Marvin Gardens is a 1972 American drama film. It stars Jack Nicholson Bruce Dern Ellen Burstyn and Scatman Crothers. It is one of several collaborations between Nicholson and director Bob Rafelson. The majority of the film is set in a wintry Atlantic City New Jersey with cinematography by László Kovács.The title alludes to the Marven Gardens in Margate New Jersey as well as to one of the properties in the original Monopoly game.
 The Stuart River (Minnesota) is a river of Minnesota.
 Loch Voil is a small freshwater loch in Scotland. It is a short narrow loch approximately 5 km (3½ miles) in length. It is separated from Loch Doine by fluvial deposits from the Monachyle Burn and is drained at its eastern end by the River Balvaig at Balquhidder. The Loch can be reached by a small single track road from Balquhidder leading to Inverlochlarig.
 Peshkeleh (Persian: پشكله‎; also known as Peshgeleh and Poshtgalleh) is a village in Dasht Rural District Silvaneh District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 12 families.
 Iniva (also sometimes written as inIVA) is the Institute of International Visual Art an arts organisation based in London that represents contemporary artists curators and writers. It consists of exhibition spaces and the Stuart Hall Library and together with Autograph ABP is housed in Rivington Place their own visual arts centre in Shoreditch in London’s East End.
 Gary Earl Johnson (born January 1 1953) is an American politician businessman and member of the Libertarian Party. Johnson served as the 29th Governor of New Mexico from 1995 to 2003 as a member of the Republican Party and was the Libertarian Party nominee for President of the United States in the 2012 election.Born in Minot North Dakota Johnson moved with his family to New Mexico in his childhood.
 Thaddeus Chapin House is a historic home located at Canandaigua in Ontario County New York. It is a two-story six-bay brick dwelling on a slightly raised basement in the Federal style. It was built in the 1820s. Also on the property is a late 19th-century frame barn. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Cosmopterix himalia is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Brazil (Distrito Federal).Adults have been recorded in May.
 The Church of St Mary the Virgin Bosley is located in Leek Road Bosley Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Macclesfield. Its benefice is combined with those of St Michael North Rode St Michael Wincle and St Saviour Wildboarclough.
 Mordella scheelei is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1941.
 Charlie Chan in Paris is the seventh film produced by Fox with Warner Oland as Charlie Chan.
 Toss (Hindi: टॉस) is a 2009 Bollywood Hindi movie directed by Ramesh Khatkar.Toss is VJ Rannvijay Singh's debut film and the second film starring Prashant Raj who was previously seen in as Raj in Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag.
 Charles Frederick Kurfess (born February 1 1930) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives serving as Speaker of the House for part of his career. He was first elected in 1956 to an at large district and was elected eleven times following. Following his retirement from politics he went on to serve as a judge on the Wood County Court of Common Pleas. He also worked under Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. He earned his B.A.
 Noack's roundleaf bat (Hipposideros ruber) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is found in Angola Benin Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Republic of the Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Malawi Mali Mozambique Niger Nigeria Rwanda São Tomé and Príncipe Senegal Sierra Leone Sudan Tanzania Togo Uganda and Zambia.
 Ostrowo [ɔsˈtrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza within Nakło County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Mrocza 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Nakło nad Notecią and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
 Robert Henley 2nd Earl of Northington (3 January 1747 – 5 July 1786) was a British politician.He was elected a Member of Parliament (MP) for Hampshire on 30 March 1768 and sat until succeeding as Earl of Northington on 14 January 1772 when he moved to the House of Lords. He was made a Knight of the Thistle on 18 August 1773. In 1783 he served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in the Fox-North Coalition being appointed a member of the Privy Council on 30 April.
 Double JJ Resort is located in Rothbury Michigan. It is a four-season resort which opened as the Jack and Jill Ranch in 1937. It has been the location of the Rothbury Music Festival two times and has hosted the Electric Forest Festival annually since 2011. Double JJ has expanded to include a golf course an indoor water park and conference center to go along with the original ranch.
 The Cathedral of the Assumption of Mary of Cuernavaca (Spanish: Catedral de la Asunción de María) is the Roman Catholic cathedral church of the Diocese of Cuernavaca located in the city of Cuernavaca Morelos Mexico. The church and its surrounding monastery is one of the early 16th century monasteries in the vicinity of the Popocatepetl volcano built initially for evangelization efforts of indigenous people after the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire.
 Take a Girl Like You is a comic novel by Kingsley Amis. Set in the 1950s it follows the progress of twenty-year-old Jenny Bunn as she moves from her family home in the North of England to a London suburb to teach primary school children. Jenny is a traditional Northern working-class girl whose striking good looks are in sharp contrast to her prosaic upbringing and to her strong belief that a girl should preserve her virginity until her wedding night.
 Paid is a 2006 English language feature film directed by Laurence Lamers. It was filmed in Netherlands between 2004 and 2005 with Anne Charrier Murilo Benício Tom Conti Guy Marchand Corbin Bernsen Marie-France Pisier Beppe Clerici and Tygo Gernandt.
 Wild Flower' is an album by saxophonist Houston Person recorded in 1977 and released on the Muse label.
 Kleine Ammer is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Together Again: For the First Time is a 1978 studio album by Mel Tormé and Buddy Rich. Originally recorded and released as a direct-to-disc LP album it was re-issued in 1999 as When I Found You by Hindsight Records with 2 additional Rich Big Band instrumental tracks from the same era.Though they had been friends for a long time Tormé and Rich had not recorded together until this album.
 The Saint Andrew's Church (Ukrainian: Андріївська церква Andriyvs'ka cherkva; Russian: Андреевская церковь Andriyvskiy cherkov) is a major Baroque church located in Kiev the capital of Ukraine. The church was constructed in 1747–1754 to a design by the Italian architect Bartolomeo Rastrelli.
 The National Museum of Eritrea is a national museum in Asmara Eritrea. Inaugurated in 1992 by Woldeab Woldemariam it was originally located in the former Governor's Palace until 1997 when it was moved. The venue has since been relocated to the former Comboni Sisters School for Women.The function of the National Museum of Eritrea is to promote Eritrean history both within the country and abroad. It also aims to investigate new archaeological sites and to explore the country's history.
 Sierzchów [ˈɕeʂxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów within Skierniewice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Bolimów 19 km (12 mi) north of Skierniewice and 58 km (36 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 SM Center Las Piñas is a shopping mall owned by SM Prime Holdings located along Alabang-Zapote Road Pamplona Las Piñas Metro Manila Philippines. It is the second SM Supermall in Las Piñas after SM Southmall. It is beside the Dragon Mall (Formerly Ever Center) and almost fronting the Las Piñas City Hall. Dubbed as the newest community mall it opened on October 2 2009 with a gross floor area of 40267 square meters and features SM brands like the SM Hypermarket Watsons and Ace Hardware.
 Tirant lo Blanc is a 2006 historical adventure film directed by Vicente Aranda. It is based on Tirant lo Blanch a Catalan language chivalry novel dating to 1490 written by Joanot Martorell. It stars Casper Zafer as the title character Esther Nubiola as Carmesina Victoria Abril as Viuda Reposada and Leonor Watling as Placerdemivida.The film was shot in English and was filmed partially in Spain.
 Talkheh Zar (Persian: تلخه زار‎ also Romanized as Talkheh Zār) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 12 families.
 Shahrestan (Persian: شهرستن‎; also known as Shahr Setan) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Piranshahr County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 501 in 57 families.
 The Bertha M. and Marie A. Green House is a building located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Conosphaeron is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Conosphaeron concolor Linsley 1935 Conosphaeron spinipenne Chemsak & Linsley 1967↑
 Faireno (foaled 1929 in Kentucky) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred and raced by William Woodward's Belair Stud. Out of the mare Minerva he was sired by Chatterton a son of U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Fair Play who was also the sire of Man o' War.Faireno's race conditioning was the responsibility of Belair Stud's future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame trainer Sunny Jim Fitzsimmons and his assistant George Tappen.
 Arroz con leche (English: Rice With Milk) is a 1950 Argentinean comedy film directed and written by Carlos Schlieper with Julio Porter based on the play by Carlos Notti Noche en Viena. The film premiered on October 5 1950 in Buenos Aires and was rated PG 14.
 The Kaohsiung Museum of Labor (Chinese: 高雄市勞工博物館; pinyin: Gāoxióngshì Láogōng Bówùguǎn) is a museum about labor in Yancheng Kaohsiung Taiwan. The museum is located at the Pier-2 Art Center.
 Sweet Pizzicato Five (スウィート・ピチカート・ファイヴ) was a 1992 album by Pizzicato Five.
 The Criva River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Garden of the Finzi-Continis (Italian: Il giardino dei Finzi-Contini) is a 1970 Italian film directed by Vittorio de Sica. It stars Lino Capolicchio Dominique Sanda and Helmut Berger. The film is based upon Giorgio Bassani's novel of the same name.
 The Manila Metropolitan Cathedral-Basilica informally known as the Manila Cathedral is a Roman Catholic basilica located in Manila Philippines dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary as Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception the Principal Patroness of the Philippines.
 Nasa Mountain (Swedish: Nasafjället Norwegian: Nasafjellet Lule Sami: Násávárre) is a 1211-metre (3973 ft) tall mountain that is situated on the border of Sweden and Norway. It is located near Arjeplog in Arjeplog Municipality in western Norrbotten County in Sweden and near Dunderland in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. There is a marker at the summit of the mountain denoting the border between the two countries. The mountain is best known for the Nasa silver mine.
 Mother Cummings Peak (1255 metres (4117 ft)) is one of the prominent peaks on the Great Western Tiers. The summit can be reached in about 1 - 2 hours (depending on fitness) and the track is rather steep. The summit boasts 360 degree views.
 The Cañar River is a river of Ecuador.
 Lee Vandervis (born 1957) is a local-body politician who was first elected to the Dunedin City Council in the 2004 local elections. Vandervis has run for mayor in 2004 2007 2010 and 2013 finishing second in 2007. He is currently an elected councillor.
 Chosen is the second album by gospel singer Vanessa Bell Armstrong. This album hit number one on the US Billboard Top Gospel Albums chart. The track Nobody But Jesus became a signature hit for the artist. Bell Armstrong joined R&B singer Kelly Price for a re-make of the song on the latter's debut gospel album This Is Who I Am for GospoCentric Records in 2006.
 Joseph W. Dorsey (September 24 1921 – March 15 1999) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 The Castle of Carrazeda de Ansiães (Portuguese: Castelo de Carrazeda de Ansiães) normally shortened to Castle of Ansiães is a medieval castle in the civil parish of Lavandeira municipality of Carrazeda de Ansiães. The castle ruins whose structure is easy to reconstitute includes a few peculiarities such as small Traitors' Gate alongside the keep tower and remnants of barbicans along the walls in addition to examples of primitive cisterns in relative good state (although obstructed).
 Now a Methodist chapel the original Trinity Independent (Congregational) Chapel was designed in 1840-41 by William Hosking FSA at Poplar in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets and built by John Jay.
 RESPECT. is a New York-based quarterly hip hop and photojournalism magazine founded in 2009 by Jonathan Rheingold and edited by RapRadar's Elliott Wilson. The publication covers hip hop culture focusing on music photography and style.
 Trząs [tʂɔ̃s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluki within Bełchatów County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Kluki 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Bełchatów and 58 km (36 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 235.
 Rarities/B-Sides is the first compilation album by The Raveonettes and it was released December 15 2011 on 500 CD and 500 double 180 gram LP.
 Eggi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Patrick Henry Hays is an American lawyer and politician from the state of Arkansas. A member of the Democratic Party Hays served in the Arkansas House of Representatives and as the mayor of North Little Rock Arkansas. He is a candidate for the United States House of Representatives in Arkansas's 2nd congressional district.
 The Roads to Sata written in 1985 by Alan Booth (1946-1993) tells the story of his journey on foot from Cape Soya in Hokkaidō the northernmost point of Japan to Sata the southernmost point of Japan. Booth's journey lasted 128 days and covered 2000 miles. The book was originally published by John Weatherhill Inc in 1985 but was republished by Kodansha Globe in 1997 in paperback.
 Mała Kępa [ˈmawa ˈkɛmpa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska within Bydgoszcz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Nezavisne novine (English: Independent Newspaper) is a daily newspaper based in Banja Luka Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Pinnacle@Duxton (Chinese: 达士岭) (previously known as Duxton Plain Public Housing) is a 2.5-hectare residential complex located at 1 Cantonment Road Singapore.The project consists of seven connected 50-storey towers labelled 1A to 1G with a total of 1848 units.
 The Wannabes is a 2003 Australian comedy film starring Nick Giannopoulos Russell Dykstra Isla Fisher Ryan Johnson Michael Carman Lena Cruz Tony Nikolakopoulos Costas Kilias Chantal Contouri and Felix Williamson. Rove McManus also appears in the film as himself promoting The Wannabes on his TV show Rove Live.
 The Baú River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Warzyce [vaˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Jasło and 45 km (28 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Dębowiec [dɛmˈbɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark within Działdowo County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 The Sea of Azov (Russian: Азо́вское мо́ре tr. Azovskoye more IPA: [ɐˈzofskəjə ˈmorʲə]; Ukrainian: Азо́вське мо́ре Azovs'ke more; Crimean Tatar: Azaq deñizi) known in Classical Antiquity as Lake Maeotis (Μαιώτις in Ancient Greek) Meotida in numerous European languages is a sea on the south of Eastern Europe.
 Nimdur (Persian: نيمدور‎ also Romanized as Nīmdūr and Nīm Dowr) is a village in Boyer Ahmad-e Garmsiri Rural District in the Central District of Gachsaran County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 52 in 14 families.
 Colma di Mombarone (or simply Mombarone) is a mountain of the Alpi Biellesi a sub-range of Pennine Alps. It visually marks along with Monte Gregorio on the opposite side the entrance of Aosta Valley from the Po plain. On its top in 1900 was built a huge statue still located there of Jesus Christ.
 Principia philosophiae cartesianae or Renati Descartes Principia Philosophiae More Geometrico Demonstrata is a philosophical work of Baruch Spinoza published in Amsterdam in 1663. In the preface to this work Ludovic Meyer explains that it is a reconstruction of René Descartes' Principles of Philosophy in the Euclidean or geometric fashion.
 Nanortalik Church is a wooden Danish Lutheran church in the town of Nanortalik in southern Greenland in the Arctic. The church was built and consecrated in 1916 and is currently the only church serving the Nanortalik congregation. The church is located in the old colonial quarter of the town.
 The Kilauea Plantation or Kilauea Sugar Plantation was a large sugarcane plantation on the north side of Kauai island Hawaii including the community of Kilauea Hawaii. It was owned and operated by the 1880-incorporated Kilauea Sugar Company which became the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co. from 1899 on.The original property was bought by an American Charles Titcomb from Kamehameha IV by 1863 who used it for cattle ranching. It was sold to Englishmen John Ross and E.P.
 Dirhinosia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Naked Dinner is the third full-length album by Denver hip hop artist Time released on August 25 2009 on Dirty Laboratory Productions in association with Hip Hop Vinyl. It features appearances from C-Rayz Walz of Def Jux and Sole of Anticon. In early 2010 Naked Dinner charted at #19 in the nation on the CMJ hip-hop charts.
 Rosochata [rɔsɔˈxata] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice within Legnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Legnica and 52 kilometres (32 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Pawlice [paˈvlit͡sɛ] (German: Hanswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn within Kwidzyn County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Kwidzyn and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 404.
 Woodmere Art Museum located in the Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania has a collection of paintings prints sculpture and photographs focusing on artists from the Delaware Valley and includes works by Thomas Pollock Anshutz Severo Antonelli Jasper Francis Cropsey (The Spirit of Peace) Daniel Garber Edward Moran Violet Oakley Herbert Pullinger Edward Willis Redfield Nelson Shanks Jessie Willcox Smith Benjamin West (The Fatal Wounding of Sir Philip Sidney) and N. C.
 Tom Moxley is a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives representing the 68th district. He has served since 2007.Moxley is the owner of the Moxley Management Company and Moxley Ranch. He is the founder of the Kansas Livestock Association Ranch Land Trust and Tall Grass Legacy Alliance. Moxley has a BS in Animal Science from Kansas State University.
 I Walked with Heroes is an autobiographical book written by Carlos P. Romulo a former Philippine general journalist poet story writer diplomat former resident commissioner to Washington D.C. former Philippine ambassador to the United States and former President of the United Nations General Assembly.
 Born in 68 (original French title: Nés en 68) is a 2008 drama film directed by Olivier Ducastel and Jacques Martineau.
 Gun Street is a 1961 Western film.
 One Judiciary Square is a highrise office building at 441 Fourth Street NW in the Judiciary Square neighborhood of Washington D.C. Designed by architect Vlastimil Koubek the building is 129.67 feet (39.52 m) tall and has approximately 10 floors. Its construction ended in 1990.Between 1992 and 1999 One Judiciary Square housed the offices of the mayor and Council of the District of Columbia while repairs were made to the historic John A. Wilson Building.
 Båven is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Podhomara (Cyrillic: Подхомара) is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Chehel Qez va Siah Darreh (Persian: چهل قزوسياه دره‎ also Romanized as Chehel Qez va Sīāh Darreh; also known as Sīāh Darreh and Chehel Qez) is a village in Hesar-e Amir Rural District in the Central District of Pakdasht County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 875 in 201 families.
 Storm King Mountain is along the west bank of the Hudson River south of Cornwall-on-Hudson New York. Together with Breakneck Ridge on the opposite bank of the river it forms Wey-Gat or Wind Gate the picturesque northern gateway to the Hudson Highlands. Its distinctive curved ridge is the most prominent aspect of the view south down Newburgh Bay from Newburgh Beacon and the Newburgh-Beacon Bridge.
 Qeshlaq-e Hajji Ayman Kandi-ye Olya (Persian: قشلاق حاجي ايمانكندي عليا‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājjī Aymān Kandī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 153 in 25 families.
 Samuel White (December 1770 – November 4 1809) was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington in New Castle County Delaware. He was a member of the Federalist Party who served as U.S. Senator from Delaware.
 His Honour John Michael Kerruish QC (2 November 1948 – 14 July 2010) was a Manx politician who was the First Deemster and Clerk of the Rolls on the Isle of Man.
 Turbo albofasciatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae the turban snails.Some authors place this genus in the subgenus Turbo (Marmarostoma).
 Stick-Up! is an album by jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson released on the Blue Note label in 1966. The album is Hutcherson's first without drummer Joe Chambers. Five of the six tracks are Hutcherson compositions with the exception being Ornette Coleman's Una Muy Bonita.
 The Two Parachutists or I due parà is a 1965 Italian war comedy film directed by Lucio Fulci. The film is about two poor Italian buskers who want to go to the USA but get on the wrong ship and end up in South America.
 The Pick of Billy Connolly is a Billy Connolly compilation album.
 Erbiopsidella is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Oudega (West Frisian: Aldegea ) is a small village in Smallingerland in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 1690 citizens (2004).
 Hear My Song is a 1991 film written by the actors Peter Chelsom (who directed) and Adrian Dunbar (who plays the lead) based on the story of Irish tenor Josef Locke. It was nominated for Best Original Screenplay at the 1993 BAFTA awards.The film also stars Tara FitzGerald David McCallum William Hootkins Shirley Anne Field James Nesbitt and Ned Beatty as Locke.
 The Remains of the Day (1989) is Kazuo Ishiguro's third published novel. The work was awarded the Man Booker Prize for Fiction in 1989. A film adaptation of the novel made in 1993 and starring Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson was nominated for eight Academy Awards.As in Ishiguro's two previous novels the story is told from a first person point of view. The narrator Stevens a butler recalls his life in the form of a diary while the action progresses through the present.
 The Caá-Iari River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Grenko spoznanje is a novel by Slovenian author Darja Hočevar. It was first published in 2007.
 'Quadropus' is the third full length album by Estradasphere. It was released on October 28 2003.For Quadropus Estradasphere made a conscious decision to isolate the genres for each track instead of including many genres in a single song. For example Mekapses Yitonisa doesn't stray far from its Greek gypsy roots while Crystal Blue is purely Beach Boys-esque rock music.
 The London Bridge Hospital is a private hospital on the south bank of the River Thames in London.
 Imtihan (The Test) is a 1974 Indian Hindi film starring Vinod Khanna Tanuja and Bindu. The story of the film revolves around an idealistic professor who decides to reform a group of rowdy students at a college. It is inspired by the 1967 British film To Sir with Love and has inspired the television series Jeet. The film was shot in Nashik.
 Francis Ramsey Lalor (November 14 1856 – June 24 1929) was a Canadian politician.Born in St. Catharines Canada West Lalor was educated at the Durnville Public and High Schools. A merchant and manufacturer he was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the electoral district of Haldimand at the general elections of 1904. A Conservative he was re-elected in 1908 1911 and 1917.
 The New Zealand lumpfish Trachelochismus pinnulatus is a clingfish of the family Gobiesocidae found all around New Zealand including the Three Kings Islands from low water to about 12 m on rocky coastlines. Its length is up to 10 cm.
 Dehnagareh (Persian: دهنگره‎) is a village in Estabraq Rural District in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Villa General Roca is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
 Orissania is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its single described species is found in India.
 The Piatra Arsă River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Fox & the Hounds is an album by saxophonist Eddie Lockjaw Davis fronting a big band recorded in 1967 for the RCA Victor label.
 Curtis Oda (born January 4 1953 in Ogden Utah) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives representing District 14 since January 1 2005. Curtis Oda lives in Clearfield UT.
 Ward Evangelical Presbyterian Church is a church located in Northville Township Michigan a suburb of Detroit.
 Acrolophus zanclophora is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Peru.
 Changi Creek Reservoir is a small service reservoir located to the north of Singapore Changi Airport in Singapore. The reservoir supplements and provides backup water supply for the airport. It was formed by damming the headwaters of a small river Changi Creek which empties into Sungei Changi and thence into the Serangoon Harbour.Rainfall from the runways and surrounding green areas is collected in the nearby South End Reservoir.
 Blood on the Moon (1984) is a crime novel by James Ellroy. It is the first installment of the Lloyd Hopkins Trilogy. It was followed by Because the Night (1984) and Suicide Hill (1985). Although the novels are written in multiple perspectives and narrated omnisciently the main character in all three is Lloyd Hopkins.
 First Time Out is the debut album by American composer/arranger/keyboardist Clare Fischer recorded and released in 1962 by Pacific Jazz Records.
 Qila (Hindi: क़िला Urdu: قلعہ translation: Fort) is a 1998 Bollywood Hindi language film directed by Umesh Mehra and starring Dilip Kumar (playing a dual role) Rekha Mukul Dev Mamta Kulkarni Smita Jaykar and Gulshan Grover. This film was the last to star veteran actor Dilip Kumar who retired after the release of this film.
 The Pârâul Calului is a tributary of the Pietrosu River in Romania.
 The Capt. Oliver Bearse House is a historic house at 31 Pearl Street in Barnstable Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1841 and is a well-preserved local instance of Greek Revival styling. It has corner pilasters and an entablature that wraps around the main block. Its entry is flanked by sidelight windows and pilasters and topped by a heavy lintel and entablature.
 The Video Collection 93:99 is the second music video compilation by American singer-songwriter Madonna. Released by Warner Music Vision Warner Reprise Video and Warner Bros. Records on November 2 1999 it contained the music video of Madonna's singles released between 1993 to 1999.
 Eskiçine is a village in the District of Çine Aydın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 786 people.
 Bellevue House National Historic Site of Canada was the home to Canada's first Prime Minister Sir John Alexander Macdonald from 1848 to 1849. The house is located in a residential neighbourhood bordering the Queen's University student housing area in Kingston Ontario.
 Once a Thief and Other Themes is an album of film and television themes by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1965 and released on the Verve label. The album features rerecorded versions of Schifrin's themes from the motion pictures Once a Thief and Joy House and the television series The Man from U.N.C.L.E..
 The Rabbit Trap is a 1959 American drama film directed by Philip Leacock.
 Udedh Bun (English title: Unravel) is award winning short Bhojpuri film released in 2008 directed by Siddharth Sinha. The 21-minute diploma film by Siddharth Sinha an Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) Pune graduate was selected for world premiere at the Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for Best Short Film at the 2008 Berlin International Film Festival first ever such award in the history of Bhojpuri cinema.
 Cymothoe aubergeri Auberger’s Yellow Glider is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Guinea eastern Ivory Coast and Ghana. The habitat consists of forests.
 Voice of Silence (Italian: La voce del silenzio French: La Conciencia acusa) is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst written by Giuseppe Berto starring Aldo Fabrizi and Jean Marais.
 Skybridge is a high-rise luxury condominium located in the West Loop of Chicago. It won the 2003 bronze Emporis Skyscraper Award. The base of the building is home to a Dominick's grocery store. The building climbs to 38 stories while the top two are home to the penthouses. The 36th floor boasts a workout facility for tenants and a roof-top garden space.
 Nance is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Albert Ward and starring Isobel Elsom James Lindsay and Ivan Samson. It was based on the novel Nance by Charles Garvice. It depicts the relationship between an aristocratic man and a working class woman.
 Infinite In All Directions is a book on a wide range of subjects including history philosophy research technology the origin of life and eschatology by theoretical physicist Freeman Dyson. Published in 1988 this book is based on the author's Gifford Lectures delivered in Aberdeen in 1985. Infinite in All Directions can roughly be summarized as a treatise on the universe and humanity's role and its responsibilities.
 The Kenya Sparrow also known as the Kenya Rufous Sparrow (Passer rufocinctus) is a sparrow found in Kenya and Tanzania. It tends to be found in dry wooded savanna and agricultural areas. Some authorities have lumped the Great Sparrow (P. motitensis) the Kenya Sparrow and the Socotra Sparrow (P. insularis) into P. motitensis following Dowsett and Forbes-Watson (1993). Some authorities also lump Shelley's Sparrow and the Kordofan Sparrow with this species or all three with the Great Sparrow.
 The Hyart Theater was built in Lovell Wyoming by Hyrum Hy Bischoff in 1950. It is a rare Wyoming example of a cinema from the early 1950s. The building is notable for the turquoise-colored metal lattice screen that covers a pink metal facade as well as for its tall neon pylon sign.The Bischoff family was part of a Mormon group sent from Fountain Green Utah to settle in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming.
 Owen A. Galvin was an American attorney and politician who served as the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts from 1887 to 1890.
 Once You're Lucky Twice You're Good is a book written by Sarah Lacy and published in 2008. It is about some of the most successful companies of Silicon Valley and an in-depth insight into the story behind the founders including anecdotes and other stories.
 This is Blythe is a photo book by Gina Garan featuring the doll Blythe in various locations.The project started in 1997 when a friend of Gina's showed her a Blythe doll saying it looked like her. Gina had a camera she wanted to test so she used the Blythe doll as her model. Soon after she started carrying a Blythe doll everywhere. Gina works as a video and TV producer; in the course of traveling for her work she produced many photos of Blythe in locations all around the world.
 Norman H. Stahl (born January 30 1931) is a senior judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.A graduate of Tufts College and Harvard Law School Stahl was in private practice in New Hampshire for 34 years before President George H. W. Bush nominated him to the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire in 1990. In 1992 Stahl was promoted to the Court of Appeals. Stahl assumed senior status in 2001 but continues to sit on cases.
 YelloWhite is the debut mixtape by MellowHype. It was made available for free download on February 24 2010.The bonus tracks Rolex and Claustroflowbic were previously released on Hodgy Beats' mixtape The Dena Tape. BlaccFriday was later released on Mike G's debut studio album Ali. The songs BankRolls & RokRok later appeared on Odd Future's compilation album 12 Odd Future Songs. Left Brain raps the first verse on the track Thuggin'.
 Empnefsi! is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi. It was released in Greece and Cyprus in December 1988 by CBS Greece. It featured ten pop songs written by her then-husband Nikos Karvelas. The album reached Gold status. In 1997 a remastered version of the original album was released on CD.
 Emamzadeh Eshaq (Persian: امامزاده اسحق‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Esḩaq and Emāmzādeh Esḩāq) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Legend of Jesse James is a 1980 country music concept album by various artists singing songs by English songwriter Paul Kennerley based on the story of American Old West outlaw Jesse James.The album features Levon Helm singing the role of Jesse James Johnny Cash as Frank James Charlie Daniels as Cole Younger and Emmylou Harris as Jesse James' wife Zerelda James.
 Ligidia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Obaidul_Quader (Bengali: ওবায়দুল কাদের) (Born January 01 1952) is the current Minister of Communications and a member of parliament of Bangladesh.
 Popsicle is an alternative rock album by indie band Diamond Nights released in 2005. The song The Girl's Attractive was featured in a 2006 Jaguar and an Austrian beer (Stiegl) advertisement as well on the Thirst and Nicodemus episodes of the TV drama Smallville and was included on its second Soundtrack The Metropolis Mix .
 De Hooge Heerlijkheid is a restaurant located in Middelharnis in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the periods 1975-1992 and 1995-1996.Owner and then head chef John Kern was one of the founders of Les Patrons Cuisiniers.John and Wieke Kern founded the restaurant in 1969. They developed the restaurant from a pancake-restaurant to a Michelin starred restaurant. Later his son Mark Kern took over the restaurant.
 Las Mujeres Perdidas is the third album of the American comics series Love and Rockets written and drawn by Los Bros Hernandez Gilbert and Jaime and published in 1987.The cover of the compilation is by Jaime Hernandez the back cover by Gilbert. Gilbert and Jaime's brother Mario Hernandez does not participate to this book.
 The Scarlet Ibis (Eudocimus ruber) is a species of ibis in the bird family Threskiornithidae. It inhabits tropical South America and islands of the Caribbean. In form it resembles most of the other twenty-seven extant species of ibis but its remarkably brilliant scarlet coloration makes it unmistakable.This medium-sized wader is a hardy numerous and prolific bird and it has protected status around the world. Its IUCN status is least concern.
 La matiouette ou l'arrière-pays (also known as La matiouette) is a 1983 French 48-minute drama film directed by André Téchiné. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1983 Cannes Film Festival.
 Erasure was the seventh studio album by Erasure released in 1995. It was produced by Thomas Fehlmann (of The Orb) and Gareth Jones.An overtly experimental and introspective album Erasure contains eleven mostly mid-tempo tracks that differed from their past output of shiny three-minute pop songs.
 John Francis Crowley (born April 7 1967) is an American biotechnology executive and entrepreneur. He is best known as the founder of several biotech companies devoted to curing genetic diseases.
 Professor Robert Ajayi Boroffice (born 23 April 1949) is a Nigerian academic and public servant who was elected Senator for Ondo North in Ondo State Nigeria on 9 April 2011.
 Yazab (Persian: يزاب‎ also Romanized as Yazāb and Yaz Āb; also known as Ḩamīd) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District Shadravan District Shushtar County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 334 in 49 families.
 Dzielice [d͡ʑɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozdrażew within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Rozdrażew 10 km (6 mi) north of Krotoszyn and 80 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Rozdoły [rɔzˈdɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Debrzno within Człuchów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Debrzno 19 km (12 mi) south-west of Człuchów and 133 km (83 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Lovell Lake is a 538-acre (2.18 km2) water body in Carroll County in eastern New Hampshire United States in the town of Wakefield. The lake is both spring-fed and fed by small streams including Horse Brook. The outlet of the lake located at the village of Sanbornville is the beginning of the Branch River. From here the Branch River flows through Milton where it joins the Salmon Falls River on the Maine-New Hampshire border.
 Pico da Cruz (Portuguese meaning the peak of the cross) is a volcanic mountain in the eastern part of the island of Santo Antão. The mountain is accessed with a road linking with the island capital of Porto Novo.
 Wheelock's Latin (titled simply Latin: An Introductory Course for College Students until the fifth edition in 1995) is a comprehensive beginning Latin textbook. Chapters introduce related grammatical topics and assume little or no prior knowledge of Latin grammar or language. Each chapter has a collection of translation exercises created specifically for the book or taken directly from ancient sources.
 Tegulifera is a genus of snout moths. Some authorities list it as a synonym of Zitha.
 The Everett Mountains are a mountain range located at Frobisher Bay on southern Baffin Island Nunavut Canada. Nunavut's capital city Iqaluit is protected by the Everett Mountains. The mountain range is a subrange of the Arctic Cordillera.
 After 7 is the self-titled debut album by After 7. The album spawned two #1 R&B hits Ready or Not and Can't Stop. They also reached #7 and #6 respectively on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Château de Monbazillac is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Molecular Brain Research was a peer-reviewed scientific journal of molecular neuroscience. It was established in 1989 and was merged with Brain Research in 2006.
 Ansonia guibei is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to Malaysia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Srautas is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania.
 That's What You Get Babe is the ninth studio album by Kevin Ayers and his final recording for Harvest. Ayers had retired to Deià Spain directly after 1978's Rainbow Takeaway and That's What You Get Babe was his first public appearance in two years.
 The War on Kids is a 2009 documentary film about the American school system. The film takes a look at public school education in America and concludes that schools are not only failing to educate but are increasingly authoritarian institutions more akin to prisons that are eroding the foundations of American democracy. Students are robbed of basic freedoms primarily due to irrational fears; they are searched arbitrarily punished and force-fed dangerous pharmaceutical drugs.
 Maliszów [maˈliʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Kowala 12 km (7 mi) south of Radom and 103 km (64 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Money Train is a 1995 American comedy thriller film starring Wesley Snipes Woody Harrelson and Jennifer Lopez as New York City transit cops and Robert Blake as their iron-fisted boss. After losing his job Harrelson's character plots to hijack and then rob the money train which hauls collected fare revenues for the New York City Subway from the system's stations.
 Historia del tango is a 1949 Argentine film.
 The Godzilla is a three track EP from Fu Manchu. It was released in 1997 on Man's Ruin Records as 10 clear green vinyl. It was released on CD along with Eatin' Dust by Man's Ruin. It was also released on 12 vinyl as (Godzilla's) Eatin' Dust.
 Thug Misses is the debut album by American rapper Khia. The album was released on April 23 2002 in the United States on Divine Records. The album spawned the hit single My Neck My Back (Lick It) peaking at #33 on the US Billboard 200 and certified Gold by the RIAA in September 2002. To date the album has sold 611000 copies in the US.
 The Gölsen is a tributary of the Traisen that is located in the Lower Austrian region of Mostviertel.The river begins in Hainfeld with the merging of the Fliedersbach and the Ramsaubach (also called the Innere Gölsen). It then flows through the communities of Hainfeld Rohrbach an der Gölsen and Sankt Veit an der Gölsen before meeting the Traisen at Traisen.
 Robert P. Spellane (born March 5 1970 in Worcester Massachusetts) is an American politician who represented the 13th Worcester District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2001 to 2011.
 Madhusudhan Reddy Takkala (born 14 January 1946) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Adilabad constituency of Andhra Pradesh and is a member of the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) political party.
 Qeshlaq-e Mashhadi Mohammad (Persian: قشلاق مشهدي محمد‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Mashhadī Moḥammad) is a village in Valiabad Rural District in the Central District of Qarchak County Tehran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 6923 in 1569 families.
 St. Michael's Church also known as St. Michael's Chapel and Hannah More Chapel is a historic Episcopal Church located at Academy Lane and Reisterstown Road in Reisterstown Baltimore County Maryland. It is a small Carpenter Gothic-style board and batten frame structure. It features a simple bell-gable. It was designed by New York architect John Weller Priest (1825-1859) and constructed about 1853. It was named after Hannah More.
 Tombstone Historic District is a historic district in Tombstone Arizona that is significant for its association with the struggle between lawlessness and civility in frontier towns of the wild west. Located within the historical district is the legendary O.K. Corral associated with the famous Gunfight at the O.K. Corral that actually took place on Fremont Street near the back entrance to the O.K. Corral on October 26 1881. The district was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
 Hugh Mackay (1832 – April 2 1890) was a Scottish-born businessman and political figure in Quebec. He was a member of the Legislative Council of Quebec representing Victoria division from April 4 to 13 in 1888.He was born in Caithness the son of Angus Mackay and his wife Euphemia. Mackay came to Canada during the 1890s and was educated at the École Phillips in Montreal. He was employed by Joseph Mackay and Sons which was owned by his uncles becoming a partner in 1856.
 Lake Biograd (Montenegrin: Biogradsko jezero Биоградско језеро) is a lake in Kolašin municipality in northern Montenegro. It is a glacial lake located on the Bjelasica Mountain within Biogradska Gora national park.
 Finding Maubee is a 1982 detective novel by Albert H. Z. Carr set in a fictional Caribbean island called St. Caro.The novel was made into a 1989 American film titled The Mighty Quinn starring Denzel Washington and Robert Townsend.
 Åkerströms blandning (English: Åkerström's mix) is the last album by the Swedish folk singer-songwriter and guitar player Fred Åkerström.
 G. Narsimha Reddy is an Indian politician and was Member of Parliament of India. He was a member of the 6th and 7th Lok Sabhas. Reddy represented the Adilabad constituency of Andhra Pradesh and is a member of the Congress (I) political party.
 Ohridohauffenia is a genus of very small freshwater snails with an operculum aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae the river snails.
 The Desert Storm Mixtape: Blok Party Vol. 1 is a compilation album put together by DJ Envy released on February 11 2003 through Desert Storm Records.
 Kali the Mother (1900) is an English book written by Sister Nivedita. Kali is a popular Hindu goddess who is considered to free her worshippers from fear (anxiety) and all troubles. In this book Nivedita celebrated this Indian goddess Kali.
 Four Sisters and A Wedding is a 2013 Filipino comedy-drama film directed by Cathy Garcia-Molina. The film features Star Cinema's most prominent young actresses: Bea Alonzo Toni Gonzaga Angel Locsin and Shaina Magdayao as the four sisters attempting to stop the wedding of their younger brother played by Enchong Dee. The film is part of Star Cinema's 20th anniversary presentation in collaboration with Rebisco's 50th anniversary.
 A Man Who Was Superman (Hangul: 슈퍼맨이었던 사나이; RR: Syupeomaen-ieotteon sanai) is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Jeong Yoon-chul. The film applies techniques of Magical realism to problems arising from the Narcissism of small differences that plagues the modern Korean conscience.
 199 Fremont Street is a class-A office skyscraper in South of Market district of San Francisco California. The 111 m (364 ft) 27-storey tower was designed by KMD Architects (Kaplan Mclaughlin Diaz) and completed in 2000.
 Template:April 2008Om Kalthoum Museum is a biographical museum in Giza near Cairo Egypt. The Om Kalthoum Museum is dedicated to Umm Kulthum or Om Kalthoum the famous Egyptian singer songwriter and actress.
 This article describes the album. For other uses of the name see Monkey Island (disambiguation).Monkey Island is the ninth album by American rock band The J. Geils Band (credited simply as Geils) released in 1977 (see 1977 in music).The album did not perform well in the marketplace and would be the J. Geils Band's last original album for Atlantic Records after almost eight years with the label.
 Rahim Kandi (Persian: رحيم كندي‎ also Romanized as Raḥīm Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Parsabad County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 18 families.
 Molecular Aspects of Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal for clinicians of all relevant specialities and biomedical scientists working in areas from biochemistry and molecular and cell biology to physiology pharmacology and pathology.
 Cloud Atlas is a 2012 German drama and science fiction film written produced and directed by The Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer. Adapted from the 2004 novel Cloud Atlas by David Mitchell the film features multiple plotlines set across six different eras.
 The Cimarron Historic District is a historic district on the south side of Cimarron New Mexico USA. The district is located south of US Route 64 on the east and west sides of New Mexico Highway 21. In 1973 the district was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Committed to a Bright Future is the name of Dog Fashion Disco's 5th studio album released in 2003. Music videos were made for the songs The Acid Memoirs and Grease.
 Synanthedon nyanga is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is known from Gabon.
 Coalition Chronicle was a monthly military magazine of stories and news briefs about military members in Iraq. It was produced by Multi-National Corps - Iraq (MNC-I) Public Affairs on Camp Victory Iraq and has a distribution of exactly 10000 copies throughout the Iraq theater of operations for coalition service members. It was the first-ever theater-wide magazine in Iraq dedicated to publishing information and stories representational of each country in the coalition serving in Iraq.
 The Milagres Church (Portuguese: Igreja Nossa Senhora do Milagres English: Church of Our Lady of Miracles) is a historic Roman Catholic Church situated in the Hampankatta locality of Mangalore. The church was built in 1680 by Bishop Thomas de Castro a Theatine from Divar Goa. The original structure was constructed at the site of the present-day cemetery. It is one of the oldest churches in Dakshina Kannada.
 Blues News is a bi-monthly Finnish blues and roots music magazine. The magazine was founded in 1968 which makes it one of the oldest blues magazine still in print in the world.The magazine is published by Finnish Blues Society (FBS ry). The name of the society changed to Suomen afroamerikkalaisen musiikin yhdistys (SAMY ry) in 1980. In 2006 the name returned to original FBS. Society has a record label Blue North Records.
 The City Hall in Haarlem is the seat of the city's government. It was built in the 14th century replacing the Count's castle.
 The Hollywood Sign is a 2001 comedy/suspense drama film directed by Sönke Wortmann and written by Leon de Winter. It stars Tom Berenger Rod Steiger and Burt Reynolds as three washed-up actors risking their lives to make a comeback as well as Jacqueline Kim.
 Cerionidae is a family of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Urocoptoidea.
 Beyond This Place is a 1953 novel by Scottish author A. J. Cronin. A serial version appeared in Collier's under the title of To Live Again.
 Rhinelander Waldo (May 24 1877 – August 13 1927) was appointed the seventh New York City Fire Commissioner by Mayor William Jay Gaynor on January 13 1910. He resigned on May 23 1911 less than two months after the deadly Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire to accept an appointment as the 8th New York City Police Commissioner. On December 31 1913 he was dismissed by the outgoing Acting Mayor Ardolph Kline.
 Khaled Mahmoud Azhari (born 16 December 1966) is an Egyptian politician and the former minister of manpower and immigration. He was one of the Freedom and Justice Party (FJP) members serving in the Qandil cabinet.
 Angels in Disguise is a 1949 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on September 11 1949 by Monogram Pictures and is the fifteenth film in the series.
 Lubomirski Palace (Polish: Pałac Lubomirskich) is a palace in central Warsaw which was built in the 18th century for the Radziwiłł family.
 Seven Stories the national centre for children's Books in the United Kingdom is based in the Ouseburn Valley Newcastle upon Tyne close to the city's newly regenerated quayside. The centre takes its name from the theory[citation needed] that there are only seven basic plots in literature and the fact that the renovated Victorian mill in which it is housed has seven levels.
 The Shoepac River is a 1.1-mile-long (1.8 km) channel connecting Shoepac Lake and South Manistique Lake on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is part of the Manistique River watershed flowing to Lake Michigan.
 Going Postal is Terry Pratchett's 33rd Discworld novel released in the United Kingdom on 25 September 2004. Unlike most of Pratchett's Discworld novels Going Postal is divided into chapters a feature previously seen only in Pratchett's children's books and the Science of Discworld series. These chapters begin with a synopsis of philosophical themes in a similar manner to some Victorian novels and notably to Jules Verne stories.
 The red rock crab Guinusia chabrus is a marine large-eyed crab of the family Plagusiidae. It is found in the southern Indian and southern Pacific Oceans including South Africa Australia New Zealand and Chile.
 Bachi Singh Rawat (born 1 August 1949) is an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India and a 4 time MP. He represented the Almora constituency of Uttarakhand. He had to shift base to Nainital for the 15th Lok Sabha as Almora was designated a reserved constituency. He however lost the Election to K.C.Singh Baba (INC).
 Choreutis cyanotoxa is a moth in the Choreutidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1907. It is found on the Solomon islands.
 Yalu is a large village in the Markham Valley of Morobe Province Papua New Guinea. It lies along the Highlands Highway 21.5 kilometres (13.4 mi) northwest of Lae 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southeast of Nadzab. The landscape is typically lowland rainforest.
 St James the Great Shirley is a Grade C listed Church of England parish in the Anglican Diocese of Birmingham.
 Doernbecher Children's Hospital is a children's hospital located in Portland Oregon and associated with Oregon Health & Science University. Established in 1926 it is the first full-service children's hospital in the Pacific Northwest and provides full-spectrum pediatric care.
 Thrupe Lane Swallet (grid reference ST603458) is a 0.5 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Somerset notified in 1992. It is also a Geological Conservation Review site.The name Thrupe Lane comes from the nearby hamlet of Thrupe which in Anglo-Saxon meant dairy farm.The swallet is a small single pothole cave system that is dominated by a series of deep (117m) and mainly vertical passages which follow fault lines natural joints in the rock and mineral veins.
 Zhu Xiaodan (Chinese: 朱小丹; pinyin: Zhū Xiǎodān; born January 1953 in Wenzhou Zhejiang) is the current Governor of Guangdong province in the People's Republic of China. Zhu was appointed Vice Governor in February 2010 and became acting Governor in November 2011 following the resignation of Huang Huahua. He was elected Governor in January 2012.
 Teracotona uhrikmeszarosi is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Szent-Ivany in 1942. It is found in Tanzania.
 Marouf the Cairo Cobbler (French: Marouf Savetier du Caire) is a 1947 Moroccan film directed by Jean Mauran. It was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 Bay City Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving Bay City Michigan. Opened in 1991 the mall features four anchor stores: JCPenney Sears Target and Younkers. It is managed by a partnership of Lormax Stern.
 Gigantatypus is an extinct late Maastrichtian sea turtle that lived in the southern regions of the Tethys Ocean about 100–120 kilometres (62–75 mi) off the north eastern margins of Cretaceous Africa immediately before the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction events . Fossil remains of Gigantatypus are so far only represented in sediments from Jordan.
 Clifton Park Center formerly known as the Clifton Country Mall is a large retail center located just off Interstate 87 Exit 9 in Clifton Park New York. Acquired in the spring of 2006 by DCG Development a Clifton Park based development firm the mall features over 70 stores and a food court.Clifton Country Mall opened in 1976 with JC Penney The Carl Company and A&P as the mall's three anchor stores. In 1984 the mall was expanded bringing in Caldor as a fourth anchor.
 Busco Un Pueblo (English: I am Searching for A City) is the thirteenth studio album by Puerto Rican-American salsa singer-songwriter Víctor Manuelle released on November 21 2011 on Sony Music. It contains two singles. Si Tu Me Besas was released on October 9 2011 as the first official single and Ella Lo Que Quiere Es Salsa was released on April 3 2012 it features Voltio and Jowell & Randy. A deluxe edition was released on January 24 2012 featuring five bonus tracks.
 No Man's Law is a 1927 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy as a lustful villain. The film includes a scene featuring Barbara Kent appearing to swim in the nude but actually wearing a flesh-colored moleskin bathing suit.
 The RSA Battle House Tower is located in Mobile Alabama and is Alabama's tallest building. The building is owned by the Retirement Systems of Alabama (RSA). It is the tallest on the Gulf Coast of the United States outside of Houston. It replaces the Wells Fargo Tower in Birmingham as the tallest building in Alabama and the RSA–BankTrust Building as the tallest in Mobile. The building is named for the neighboring Battle House Hotel which is now part of the tower complex.
 That's Adequate is a 1989 mockumentary documenting a fictional Hollywood studio Adequate Film Studios. Narrated and hosted by Tony Randall the film features an all-star cast including James Coco Robert Downey Jr. Anne Meara Jerry Stiller Bruce Willis and Ben Stiller.This was James Coco's final film. It was also the last one for actress Ina Balin who had also appeared in Hurwitz's previous films such as The Projectionist and The Comeback Trail.
 Basic Instinct is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Ciara. It was released on December 10 2010 by LaFace Records and Jive Records. Executively produced by A&R agent Mark Pitts Ciara Tricky Stewart and The-Dream Basic Instinct returns Ciara to her urban roots with mid-tempo R&B cuts and bass-heavy dance songs. Aside from production by Stewart and The-Dream Ciara collaborated with production by Soundz Infinity and T-Minus.
 The Charles Street Jail (built 1851) or Suffolk County Jail is a historic former jail (now a luxury hotel) located at 215 Charles Street Boston Massachusetts. It is listed in the state and national Registers of Historic Places.
 Tork Mahalleh (Persian: ترك محله‎ also Romanized as Tork Maḩalleh) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District in the Central District of Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 39 families.
 Margaret Ann Hartley known as Ann Hartley is a former New Zealand member of parliament a former Mayor of North Shore City and a member of the Labour Party.
 Benjamin Huntington (April 19 1736 – October 16 1800) was an eighteenth-century American lawyer jurist and politician from Connecticut. He served in the Revolutionary War with the rank of General. He later served Connecticut as a delegate to the Second Continental Congress and as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives during the First United States Congress.
 Shelter Island Heights Historic District is a national historic district located at Shelter Island Heights in Suffolk County New York. There are 141 contributing buildings and one contributing structures.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Sablia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Not to confuse with Big Black River (French: Grande Rivière Noire) another river in Maine and Quebec (46°49′08″N 70°04′05″W).The Little Black River (French: Rivière Noire) is a river in Quebec and northern Maine. From its source (47°24′47″N 69°31′01″W) in Témiscouata RCM Quebec the river runs east and southeast across the Canada – United States border in Maine Township 19 Range 12 WELS to the Saint John River at Dickey Maine.
 The Attert (Luxembourgish: Atert) is a river flowing through Belgium and Luxembourg left tributary of the Alzette. Its length is 38 km of which 32 km are in Luxembourg and 6 km in Belgium. Its source is in Nobressart north-west of Arlon in the Belgian province Luxembourg. It flows into the river Alzette at Colmar-Berg. It flows through the village of Attert in Belgium and the towns of Redange Useldange Boevange-sur-Attert and Bissen in Luxembourg.no:Attert
 Baronessen fra benzintanken (The Baroness from the Gas Station) is a 1960 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Maria Garland Ghita Nørby Dirch Passer and Ove Sprogøe.
 The Best of Pigface Preaching to the Perverted is a 2 disc Greatest Hits album released in 2001 by Pigface.
 Łabuń Mały [ˈwabuɲ ˈmawɨ] (German: Neu Labuhn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko within Łobez County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Resko 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Łobez and 71 km (44 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Merry Widow is a 1925 American silent romantic drama/black comedy film directed and written by Erich von Stroheim. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer the film stars Mae Murray John Gilbert and Roy D'Arcy. The film is based on the Franz Lehár's opera of the same name and was the second adaptation of the opera the first being released in Hungary in 1918.
 Ashok Chandulal Bhatt was a Speaker of the Gujarat Legislative Assembly. He was earlier Minister for Health Law and Justice for the Government of Gujarat.He entered public life in 1956 through Mahagujarat Movement and joined the Jansangh in 1960. He was very vocal in favour of banning gutka and other tobacco products altogether in the state.
 Anarsia patulella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1864. It is found in Australia India Thailand Sri Lanka and Taiwan.
 Graeme Pearson (born 1 April 1950) is a Labour Member of the Scottish Parliament for the South of Scotland region. He is a former police officer and Director General of the Scottish Crime and Drug Enforcement Agency.He was appointed to the position of Shadow Cabinet Secretary for Justice in the Scottish Labour frontbench team by Johann Lamont in May 2013.
 Sakartsi is a village in the municipality of Topolovgrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Kheymand (Persian: خيمند‎ also known as Kheyrmand) is a village in Charam Rural District in the Central District of Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 169 in 35 families.
 Christ Church Ashford is in the town of Ashford Kent England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ashford the archdeaconry of Maidstone and the diocese of Canterbury. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Swords and Crowns and Rings is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Ruth Park.
 The Becaș River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 Stausee Mapragg (Mapragg reservoir) is located at Pfäfers in the Canton of St. Gallen Switzerland. Its surface area is 26 ha. The reservoir and Gigerwaldsee are operated by Kraftwerke Sarganserwald (NOK group) for pumped-storage hydroelectricity.
 The Hemingway-Pfeiffer House also known as the Pfeiffer House and Carriage House is a house in Piggott Arkansas where novelist Ernest Hemingway wrote portions of his novel A Farewell to Arms. Ernest Hemingway was married to Pauline Pfeiffer the daughter of the owners of the house Paul and Mary Pfeiffer.The house is now the home of Arkansas State University's Hemingway-Pfeiffer Museum and Educational Center.
 Ghostbusters is a 1984 American supernatural comedy film directed and produced by Ivan Reitman and written by Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis. It stars Bill Murray Aykroyd and Ramis as three eccentric parapsychologists in New York City who start a ghost-catching business. Sigourney Weaver and Rick Moranis co-star as a potential client and her neighbor.
 War Inc. is a 2008 American political satire film starring John Cusack and directed by Joshua Seftel. Cusack also co-wrote and produced the film.
 Stenalia dzhulfae is a beetle in the Stenalia genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It is found only in Azerbaijan. It was described in 2001 by Odnosum.
 Siah Bijar (Persian: سياه بيجار‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Bījār) is a village in Tutaki Rural District in the Central District of Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 100 in 31 families.
 The Okinawa flying fox (Pteropus loochoensis) is a species of megabat in the Pteropus genus. It is endemic to possibly Japan. It was previously listed as extinct by the IUCN but because the two known specimens are taxonomically uncertain and of unknown provenance it was changed to 'Data Deficient'. Some place this animal into synonymy under Pteropus mariannus. Others treat the Okinawa flying fox as a subspecies of the latter while some give it full species status.
 A Girl from Hunan (also known as Girl from Hunan) (Chinese: 湘女萧萧; pinyin: Xiāngnǔ xiāoxiāo) is a 1986 Chinese drama film directed by Xie Fei and U Lan. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival and was one of the first mainland Chinese films to be commercially screened in the United States. The film is based on a 1929 short-story Xiao Xiao (or Hsiao Hsiao) by author Shen Congwen.
 The Gangs of New York: An Informal History of the Underworld is an American non-fiction book by Herbert Asbury first published in 1927 by Garden City Publishing Company.
 Bawabiya (Arabic: بوابية‎) is a village about 35 kilometers (22 mi) from Aleppo Syria and about 1.5 kilometers (0.93 mi) off the road to Damascus.
 Wait for the Night is an EP released in 1983 by the heavy metal band Virgin Steele promoting the album Guardians of the Flame. This EP was released in Europe by Music for Nations with a different cover a different track listing and the name A Cry in the Night.
 Judith Ngaire Tizard (born 3 January 1956) is a former New Zealand politician and a member of the Labour Party.
 The Franklin Canal is an irrigation canal in the Upper Rio Grande Valley near El Paso Texas. The canal acquires water from the Rio Grande via the American Canal. The canal is 28.4 miles (45.7 km) long with a capacity of 325 cubic feet per second. Though the canal was privately constructed in 1889 it was acquired by the US Bureau of Reclamation in 1912. It is part of a large canal network in the Upper Rio Grande Valley.
 Lower Mangshila is a village in Mangan subdivision North Sikkim district Sikkim India. The Ministry of Home Affairs has given it a geographical code of 260893.
 Borovinići (Cyrillic: Боровинићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Columbia & Britannia (2009) is an anthology of alternate history stories edited by Adam Chamberlain and Brian A. Dixon. Each of the stories in the anthology takes placed in a shared timeline a world in which the American Revolutionary War never took place. Published by Fourth Horseman Press the book was nominated for the 2010 Sidewise Award for Alternate History.
 Turbonilla westermanni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 The predatory carp (Chanodichthys erythropterus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Chanodichthys.
 The Battle of Sutjeska is a 1973 partisan film directed by Stipe Delić and made in SFR Yugoslavia. It tells the story of the famous Battle of Sutjeska the greatest engagement of the Yugoslav Partisan War. It is one of the most expensive films made in Yugoslavia. It was selected as the Yugoslav entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 46th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. It was also entered into the 8th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Prize.
 Barbus pagenstecheri is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Tanzania.Its natural habitats are rivers and intermittent rivers. Its status is insufficiently known.
 Mr. Lonely was Bobby Vinton's tenth studio album released in 1964. It was released right after the success of his fourth and final #1 US hit Mr. Lonely a 1962 song that was released as a single after its appearance on Bobby Vinton's Greatest Hits. Cover versions on this album include Laughing on the Outside (Crying on the Inside) and I'll Never Smile Again.
 Plagiopyga is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Plagiopyga camerunica Basilewsky 1984 Plagiopyga chaudoiri Basilewsky 1943 Plagiopyga cyclogona (Chaudoir 1850) Plagiopyga cymindoides Peringuey 1896 Plagiopyga dolichocephala Basilewsky 1954 Plagiopyga endroedyi Basilewsky 1984 Plagiopyga ferruginea Boheman 1848 Plagiopyga leleupi Basilewsky 1950 Plagiopyga lissodera Basilewsky 1954 Plagiopyga namaqua Basilewsky 1984 Plagiopyga rufa (Gory 1833) Plagiopyga taterae Basilewsky 1950 Plagiopyga transvaalensis Barker 1919↑
 Auesee is a lake in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. Its surface area is 1.55 km².
 Back Street is a 1961 film made by Universal Pictures directed by David Miller and produced by Ross Hunter. The screenplay was written by William Ludwig and Eleanore Griffin based on the novel by Fannie Hurst. The music score is by Frank Skinner. The film stars Susan Hayward John Gavin and Vera Miles. The story follows two lovers who have limited opportunities to get together because one of them is married.It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design Color (Jean Louis).
 Awbeg River (Irish: An Abhainn Bheag meaning the small river) is a river in the southern part of Ireland. It is a tributary of the Blackwater River and flows into that larger river at a point in County Cork. Its name comes from the Irish Abha Bheag (small river a slightly older form than the modern Irish name).
 Frank E. Moore (born December 18 1933) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Coming Soon (โปรแกรมหน้า วิญญาณอาฆาต) 2008 Thai horror film which stars Singer Worrakarn Punch Rotjanawatchra Sakulrath Thomas and Chantavit Dhanasevi in the directorial debut for Sophon Sakdaphisit co-writer of Thai films Shutter and Alone.
 The Hollywood Hall of Shame is a 1984 book by brothers Harry Medved and Michael Medved.
 Alphagene (German for Alphagenes) is the debut album by German rapper Kollegah. It was released on November 16 2007 on Selfmade Records and was produced by hip hop producer Rizbo. That album brought Kollegah the first time in the German Albums Chart.The album features guest parts by DeineLtan Favorite Bass Sultan Hengzt K.I.Z. and Slick One.
 Centrolene heloderma is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Rendezvous at Bray (French: Rendez-vous à Bray) is a 1971 French-Belgian drama film directed by André Delvaux and starring Anna Karina. It was entered into the 21st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Congocharax is a genus of distichodontid fishes from tropical Africa with these currently described species: Congocharax olbrechtsi (Poll 1954) Congocharax spilotaenia (Boulenger 1912)
 Ocean of Funk is the debut album by American rapper E.S.G.. It has sold over 100000 copies.
 The Benjamin Punchard House is a historic house at 8 High Street in Andover Massachusetts. Located in the center of Andover it now houses a bank. It was built in 1846 by Benjamin Punchard a successful merchant and shopkeeper. Punchard built the house on the site of a Federal style house he had previously occupied which was moved to 33 High Street and is known as the Abiel Pearson House.
 Auto Antics is a 1939 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 182nd Our Gang short (183rd episode 94th talking short 95th talking episode and 14th MGM produced episode) that was released.[citation needed]
 The Whanki Museum is a private art museum located in Jongno-gu in central Seoul South Korea. It was established by the Whanki Foundation mainly to exhibit and commemorate the art world of Whanki Kim a representative abstract painter in Korean art history. The museum was first planned in 1988 in Buam-dong located close to Seongbuk-dong Seongbuk-gu which Kim Whanki had many attachments to. The atmosphere and environment of the two places have much in common.
 The Narada Falls Comfort Station was built in Mount Rainier National Park by the National Park Service and the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1941-42. The public toilet building is close to Narada Falls in the south central portion of the park. Initial work by the Park Service encountered substantial rock excavation with the subsequent cost overrun requiring the Park Service to use CCC labor to complete the project.
 Kudimiyanmalai is a village in the Annavasalrevenue block of Pudukkottai district Tamil Nadu India.
 Pictocolumbella ocellata common name : the lightning dove shell is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Democracia (Amharic: ዴሞክራሲያ?</span> 'Democracy') is the organ of the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Party. It was launched as a clandestine weekly newspaper in July 1974 as the Central Committee of the Ethiopian People's Liberation Organization (as the EPRP was known at the time) returned to Ethiopia from exile. At the time the EPRP was often known simply as the Democracia group as the existence of the party was not publicly known.
 Eobaatar is a genus of extinct mammal from the Lower Cretaceous of Mongolia and Spain. It was a member of the also extinct order Multituberculata and lived at the same time as some dinosaurs. It lies within the suborder Plagiaulacida and family Eobaataridae. The genus Eobaatar was named by Kielan-Jaworowska Z. Dashzeveg D. and Trofimov B.A. in 1987.
 The Negrea River is a tributary of the Lozova River in Romania.
 Primary Colours is the second studio album by British post-punk revival band The Horrors. It was released in the US on 21 April 2009 and in the UK on 4 May 2009 by XL Recordings. The album charted on the UK Albums Chart at No. 25. According to aggregating website Metacritic the record was met with universal critical acclaim receiving a normalised score of 82% based on 19 reviews.
 The Flash: Stop Motion is a novel written by Mark Schultz that was first published on February 24 2004. The novel was converted into an unabridged GraphicAudio and released on November 1 2008.
 Sindhu (Sindhi: روزانه سنڌُو) is a Sindhi daily newspaper in Pakistan.
 Skycourts Towers is a project by National Bonds Corporation PJSC located within the Dubailand Residence Complex in Dubai. The AED 1.6 billion Skycourts development offers 2836 apartments across 6 towers.
 The Eddleman-McFarland House sometimes known as the Ball-Eddleman-McFarland House or just the McFarland House is a historic residence built in 1899 in the Quality Hill section of Fort Worth Texas.
 The Skillings River is a 7-mile-long (11 km) tidal river in Hancock County Maine flowing to Frenchman Bay. For most of its length it forms the boundary between the towns of Hancock and Lamoine.
 The Essential Jefferson Airplane is a compilation of music from the San Francisco rock band Jefferson Airplane spanning its entire career excluding the brief reunion in 1989 (despite that album now being under common ownership with the rest of the band's catalog).It follows their development in more-or-less chronological order from their beginnings in folk-rock through psychedelia to conventional rock genres.
 The Izvorul Roşu River is a tributary of the Bloaja river in Romania.
 Mirkhal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Basavakalyan taluk of Bidar district in Karnataka.
 Destinées (US title: Daughters of Destiny and UK title: Love Soldiers and Women) is a 1954 Franco-Italian co-production motion picture comedy drama directed by Marcello Pagliero Jean Delannoy and Christian-Jaque. The film stars Claudette Colbert (segment Elisabeth) Michèle Morgan (segment Jeanne) and Martine Carol (segment Lysistrata). It tells three stories unrelated but with a women and war.
 Königswalzer is a 1955 West German romance film directed by Victor Tourjansky starring Marianne Koch and Michael Cramer. It is a remake of the 1935 film of the same name.
 Dubring is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4005 people living in 736 individual households.
 Tayloe Rogers House is a historic home located at Roanoke Virginia. It was built in 1936-1937 and is a 1 1/2-story rustic Colonial Revival style dwelling. The main section is flanked by one-story wings. It has a gable roof and features large exterior end chimneys. The house is built of re-used materials from an earlier building on the property that had collapsed as well as other older structures in the area.
 The Valea Cetății River is a tributary of the Sibiel River in Romania.
 Hir Shahabad (Persian: هيرشاه اباد‎ also Romanized as Hīr Shāhābād) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 15 families.
 A Brother With Perfect Timing is a 1987 documentary directed by Chris Austin about musician Abdullah Ibrahim and his struggle for freedom with apartheid in South Africa.
 Fontainebleau Las Vegas is a US$2.9 billion 3889-room 68-story unfinished hotel/condo-hotel/casino development near the north end of the Las Vegas Strip on the 24.5-acre (9.9 ha) site previously occupied by the El Rancho and Algiers hotels in Paradise Nevada. It was intended to be a sister property to the well-known 1950s-era Fontainebleau Miami Beach.
 DuBarry Was a Lady is a 1943 American musical comedy film starring Red Skelton Lucille Ball and Gene Kelly. It is based on the 1939 stage musical of the same name. Shot in Technicolor the film was directed by Roy Del Ruth and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It used very little of the original Cole Porter score. New characters were added and many of the original characters' names were changed.
 Sheila Y. Oliver (born July 14 1952) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2004 where she represents the 34th legislative district. She previously served as the Speaker of the New Jersey General Assembly from January 12 2010-January 14 2014.
 The Cape whitefish or Berg-breede River whitefish (Barbus andrewi) is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae. It is placed in the wastebin genus Barbus – the typical barbels and relatives – by default. Actually though it is far less closely related to the typical barbels than to the South African redfins in Pseudobarbus and may well belong in the latter genus. Like Pseudobarbus but unlike most other African barbs it is tetraploid.
 Spanish Flu: The Forgotten Fallen is a 2009 television drama. It deals with Dr James Niven's attempts to deal with the 1918 flu pandemic in Manchester. Its screenplay was written by Peter Harness and it starred Bill Paterson as Niven along with Mark Gatiss Kenneth Cranham and Charlotte Riley. It was first broadcast on BBC Four on 5 August 2009.
 Scolioplecta araea is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Queensland and the Northern Territory.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewings are whitish with some fine fuscous strigulae. The hindwings are pale-grey.
 Leviathan Wakes is a 2011 science fiction novel by James S. A. Corey (pen name of Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck). It is about a conflict in the solar system that involves Earth Mars and the Asteroid Belt (colonies of people living on asteroids referred to as Belters). It is the first book in The Expanse series.
 St. Michael's Church Historic District is a historic district on LA 44 in Convent Louisiana.The area was added to the National Register in 1979.
 Wilczanka best wieś[vilˈt͡ʂaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyrzyn within Puławy County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Żyrzyn 16 km (10 mi) north of Puławy and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
 African Health Sciences is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering clinical practice and public health policy relevant to Africa and low-income countries. The editor-in-chief is James K. Tumwine (Makerere University) who established the journal in 2001.The journal is abstracted and indexed by Index Medicus/MEDLINE/PubMed.
 St James' Church Brindle is in the village of Brindle Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Chorley the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 RTCN Suwałki (Krzemianucha) is a 232 m (761.15 ft) tall guyed mast for FM and TV situated at Jeleniewo near Suwałki in Podlaskie Voivodeship Poland.It is also known as Krzemianucha Transmitter or Transmitter Jeleniewo or Broadcasting Transmitting Centre at the Krzemianucha Hill (not to get mixed up over Krzemieniucha).
 Dr Vincent Vince FitzGerald is a former senior Australian public servant now a private consultant.
 Elachista nielswolffi is a moth of the Elachistidae family. It is found in Fennoscandia and northern Russia.The wingspan is 7–9 millimetres (0.28–0.35 in).The larvae feed on Deschampsia flexuosa and possibly on Nardus stricta. They mine the leaves of their host plant. They are pale dull dirty white.
 Interrogations and Confessions is the second full-length album from Chicago-based band Oh My God. It was released on October 7 2003 by NoVo Records and then on October 28 of the same year on the Lightyear Entertainment label with a slightly altered track-listing.The songs on this album can be considered to have been written in a much more conventional and structured style than on their previous album The Action Album!
 Ernstia sagamiana is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Ernstia from Japan.
 Dolno Egri (Macedonian: Долно Егри) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia.According to the 2002 census it has a population of 0.
 George J. Kanuck is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He was born in Marion Indiana.
 Bothrops cotiara is a species of venomous snake in the Viperidae family. It is endemic to Brazil and Argentina.
 Aponotoreas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 William Wallace Destler (born August 26 1946) is an American university professor and administrator. He is currently serving as the 9th president of the Rochester Institute of Technology and has held the position since July 1 2007 succeeding Albert J. Simone.Previously Destler was provost and senior vice president for student affairs at the University of Maryland College Park from 2001 to 2007.
 The Busan Marine Natural History Museum is a museum displaying exhibits on marine natural history of Busan and located in Dongnae-gu Busan. It was founded in 1994. The purpose of the foundation is to preserve to study and to exhibit geological and biological records about the local environment.
 Darreh Shah Nazar (Persian: دره شاه نظر‎ also Romanized as Darreh Shāh Naz̧ar and Darreh-ye Shāh Naz̧ar) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District Kuhpayeh District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 9 families.
 Austropyrgus sinuatus is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the Hydrobiidae family. This species is endemic to western Victoria Australia. It is known from only one location on Mount Emu Creek south of Terang.
 Kani Zard (Persian: كاني زرد‎ also Romanized as Kānī Zard) is a village in Baryaji Rural District in the Central District of Sardasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 758 in 151 families.
 Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush is a 1968 British film made based on the novel of the same name by Hunter Davies. It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France.The film starred Barry Evans Judy Geeson and Angela Scoular and was directed by Clive Donner.The film was released on DVD officially for the first time by the BFI in September 2010 as part of its Flipside strand.
 Queen of All Saints Basilica is an historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago located at 6280 North Sauganash Avenue in Chicago's upper middle-class Sauganash neighborhood. Along with St. Hyacinth and Our Lady of Sorrows it is one of three Minor basilicas in Chicago Illinois.
 Sawteeth (sometimes Resagonia Mountain or Sawtooth) is a mountain located in Essex County New York.
 Cement and its Applications was founded over a hundred years ago and is a privately owned independent trade magazine dealing with the problems of production and application of cement in Russia in all the newly independent states on the territory of the former USSR and in other countries of the world.
 Maurizio Landini (born 7 August 1961) is an Italian trade unionist and General Secretary of the FIOM.
 David Arore is a Papua New Guinean politician.He was first elected to the National Parliament in the 2007 general election as MP for the Ijivitari Open constituency in Oro Province. Elected as an independent he then joined the National Alliance Party and was appointed deputy Minister for Education by Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare. When a cyclone and floods hit Oro he was reportedly on the ground with the people carrying a bag of rice making tea for people.
 The Barolo Shearwater (Puffinus baroli) also known as the North Atlantic Little Shearwater or Macaronesian Shearwater is a small shearwater which breeds in the Azores and the Canary Islands of Macaronesia in the North Atlantic Ocean. The epithet commemorates the Italian marquis Carlo Tancredi Falletti di Barolo.
 Angerville is the third release by Seven Years of Northampton UK and the first release on Jaws 2 Records.
 Kusume Rumal (Nepali: कुसुमे रुमाल translation: Pink Handkerchief) is a 1985 Nepali romantic film directed by Tulsi Ghimire. It was produced by Sumitra Paudel under the banner of Sayapatri Films. This was the first film in which singer Udit Narayan acted. In 2009 the son of the producer of this Kusume Rumal directed Kusume Rumal 2 which was the story of the second generation of the original cast. Both Tripti Nadakar and Neer Shah acted in minor roles as an ode to the original film.
 Gyas annulatus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Put on by Cunning is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell. It was first published in 1981 and features her popular series protagonist Inspector Wexford. It is the 11th in the series.
 Easton Friends North Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house located at Middle Falls in Washington County New York. It was built in 1838 and is a one story rectangular brick structure with a gable roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Starosiedle [starɔˈɕɛdlɛ] (German: Starzeddel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gubin within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border. It is located southeast of Gubin about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) from the German border. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Chamaesphecia staudingeri is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found on Sicily.
 Sir Carlyle Arnold Glean GCMG (born February 11 1932) is a Grenadian politician who served as Governor-General of Grenada. He was educated at the University of Calgary (BEd) and the University of East Anglia (MA). He was the Minister of Education in the government of Nicholas Brathwaite from 1990 to 1995 after which he retired from politics. He was appointed Governor-General in November 2008 and was succeeded by Cécile La Grenade in May 2013.
 200 Cigarettes is a 1999 American comedy and drama film directed by Risa Bramon Garcia and written by Shana Larsen. The film is a mosaic following multiple characters in New York City on New Year's Eve 1981. It features an ensemble cast including Ben Affleck Casey Affleck Dave Chappelle Guillermo Díaz Angela Featherstone Janeane Garofalo Gaby Hoffmann Kate Hudson Courtney Love Jay Mohr Martha Plimpton Christina Ricci and Paul Rudd.
 1- Personal Memoir Date of Birth : 1/2/1941 Married and has four children (two sons and two daughters)2- Military EducationReceived number of advanced AD courses AD battalion commander course from the former Soviet Union AD Brigade commander course Staff course from command and staff college Fellow ship degree from Nasser Academy (War college) High commander course from Nasser Academy3- Main Posts Commander of AD Missile Battalion during Attrition War and 6th Oct. War.
 The Izvorul Băluțu is a tributary of the Goaţele River in Romania.
 Plastic is the third studio album by guitarist Joey Tafolla released on July 16 2001 through Mascot Records.
 Lone Star is a 1996 American mystery film written and directed by John Sayles and set in a small town in Texas. The ensemble cast features Chris Cooper Kris Kristofferson Matthew McConaughey and Elizabeth Peña and deals with a sheriff's investigation into the murder of one of his predecessors. The movie was filmed in Del Rio Eagle Pass and LaredoTexas.
 James Grant (December 12 1812 – March 14 1891) was an American lawyer statesman and business leader in Davenport Iowa.James was born on his family's plantation near Enfield in Halifax County North Carolina on December 12 1812. He attended the State University at Chapel Hill (now the University of North Carolina) and graduated in 1831 before his eighteenth birthday. While at UNC he was a member of the Dialectic and Philanthropic Societies.
 PNC Bank Building is a 317-foot-tall (97 m) skyscraper located at 155 East Broad Street in Columbus Ohio. It was completed in 1977 and has 24 floors. It is the 15th tallest building in Columbus. The building was designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill and follows a modernist architectural style.
 Mooselookmeguntic Lake is located in Franklin County and Oxford County Maine in the United States. It is part of the Androscoggin River watershed.Mooselookmeguntic Lake receives water from several sources. The Cupsuptic River flows into Cupsuptic Lake which is directly connected with the northern part of Mooselookmeguntic Lake. The Rangeley River and Kennebago River both flow into northeastern Mooselookmeguntic Lake.
 The Haunting Of Alaizabel Cray (written by Chris Wooding published 2001 by Scholastic Books) is a Gothic steampunk horror/ /alternate history novel about Victorian London overrun by the wych-kin demonic creatures that have rendered the city uninhabitable south of the river and which stalk the streets after dark.
 Jackson's Swallowtail (Papilio jacksoni) is a butterfly of the Papilionidae family. It is found in Africa.The female adults mimic Amauris echeria and relativesThe larvae feed on Clausena Toddalia and Clausena anisata.
 Master of the World (French: Maître du monde) published in 1904 is one of the last novels by French pioneer science fiction writer Jules Verne and is a sequel to Robur the Conqueror. At the time Verne wrote the novel his health was failing and Master of the World is a black novel filled with the fear of the coming of tyrants like the novel's villain Robur and totalitarianism.
 Minoru: Memory of Exile is a 1992 animated documentary about the Japanese Canadian internment by Michael Fukushima.
 Devil Say I I Say AIR is Portugal. The Man's second EP. It was also the second release in 2006 this digital release followed the band's first full-length released on Fearless Records. This CD contains two brand new tracks a previously released track and a remix by Blake Beatz.
 Oi! Młodzież/Mechaniczna Pomarańcza is a split CD of Polish streetpunk bands The Analogs and Ramzes & the Hooligans.
 Saint Joseph Roman Catholic Church founded in 1855 is a historic German Catholic parish with a landmark church located at 1828 Jay Street in the Eastern Market - Lafayette Park neighborhood area just outside of downtown Detroit on the city's central east side. The building is on the National Register of Historic Places and deemed 'of national importance' due to its stained glass. It is one of three churches that make up Mother of Divine Mercy parish.
 Tambaseyun-e Kuh Mobarak (Persian: تم باسيون كوه مبارك‎ also Romanized as Tambāseyūn-e Kūh Mobārak; also known as Kooh Mobarak Kūh-e Mobārak Kūh-i-Mubarak Kuhmobarak Kūh Mobārak Qal‘eh-ye Kūh-e Mobārak and Tampāseyūn) is a village in Kangan Rural District in the Central District of Jask County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 119 in 27 families.
 Theresa is a village in Dodge County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1262 at the 2010 census. The village is within the Town of Theresa.
 Enterprise and Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal on business history published by Oxford University Press for the Business History Conference which holds its copyright.
 Los Abandoned is the self-titled EP by the alternative rock band Los Abandoned.
 María Teresa Fernández de la Vega Sanz LLD (born 15 June 1949) is a Spanish Socialist politician. From 18 April 2004 to 20 October 2010 she was the first deputy prime minister minister of the Presidency and cabinet spokesperson in the government of Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero. She is the first female deputy prime minister in Spanish history.
 Nicholas Clive Kurt Nick Evers (1 November 1937 – 27 July 2013) was an Australian politician.
 Anthology is a compilation album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams which contains songs he recorded from 1978 through 2005. The two disc set includes songs from 1980–2005. A third disc which was a DVD live concert which was recorded in mid-2005 called Live in Lisbon was included in North America for a limited time. All the songs are in chronological order of their release except the last song on the first disc on the North American edition which was released in 1999.
 The Sweethearts; or The Top and the Ball (Danish: Kjærestefolkene [Toppen og bolden]) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about the unrequited love a mahogany top suffers for a leather ball. It is likely the tale's inspiration lies in Andersen’s youthful relationship with Riborg Voight a woman who declined his marriage proposal in 1830. The Sweethearts was published by C.A.
 Vrelina (Serbian Cyrillic: Врелина; trans. Heat) is the third studio album from former Yugoslav and Serbian hard rock/heavy metal band Osvajači. It is the only album recorded with vocalist Nenad Jovanović.Ballad Tragovi is a cover of Rainbow song Rainbow Eyes from their 1977 album Long Live Rock 'n' Roll.
 Vazirabad (Persian: وزيراباد‎ also Romanized as Vazīrābād; also known as Yazdābād and Yezdābād) is a village in Garkan-e Shomali Rural District Pir Bakran District Falavarjan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 201 in 65 families.
 Sivurupitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Belapur is a village development committee in Dadeldhura District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5285 people living in 928 individual households.
 Viviane Reding (born 27 April 1951 in Esch-sur-Alzette) is a Luxembourg politician currently serving as European Commissioner for Justice Fundamental Rights and Citizenship. Before starting a professional career as a journalist for the leading newspaper in Luxembourg the Luxemburger Wort she obtained a doctorate in human sciences at the Sorbonne. From 1986 to 1998 she was President of the Luxembourg Union of Journalists.
 Jakobshavn Glacier also known as the Jakobshavn Isbræ (in Danish) and Sermeq Kujalleq (in Greenlandic) is a large outlet glacier in West Greenland. It is located near the Greenlandic town of Ilulissat (Danish: Jakobshavn) and ends at the sea in the Ilulissat Icefjord.Jakobshavn Glacier drains 6.5% of the Greenland ice sheet and produces around 10% of all Greenland icebergs. Some 35 billion tonnes of icebergs calve off and pass out of the fjord every year.
 Human Chain (2010) is the twelfth and final poetry collection by Seamus Heaney who received the 1995 Nobel Prize in Literature. It won the Forward Poetry Prize Best Collection 2010 award the Irish Times Poetry Now Award for 2011 and the 2011 Griffin Poetry Prize. This was Heaney's second Poetry Now Award having previously won in 2007 for District and Circle.
 Newark Symphony Hall at 1020 Broad Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States was built in 1925 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It was known for many years as The Mosque Theater.
 Sándor Bodó (born November 25 1963) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Püspökladány Hajdú-Bihar County (Constituency VI) since 2011. He serves as President of the General Assembly of Hajdú-Bihar County since 1998.Sándor Arnóth the MP (and mayor) for Püspökladány (Hajdú-Bihar County Constituency VI) died in a car accident on March 16 2011.
 Wholly Moses! is a 1980 Biblical spoof similar to that of Monty Python's Life of Brian. Dudley Moore between performances in 10 and Arthur plays Old Testament-era idol maker Herschel whose life and adventures seem to parallel that of the more famous Moses all the while being misled to think he is the prophet of God.
 Pooyappally ( Malayalam: പൂയപ്പള്ളി) is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala India.
 The Scottish Play: A Play is a play written by Graham Holliday and published by Samuel French.
 The Pillars of Hercules is a pub in Greek Street Soho London. Most of what exists now was built around 1910 but the pub dates back to 1733. Dickens referred to it in A Tale Of Two Cities and the road at the side of the pub through the arch is named Manette Street after Dr Manette one of the characters from that book.More recently the pub has been favoured by many figures from the London literary scene including Martin Amis Ian Hamilton Julian Barnes and Ian McEwan.
 The Baldwin River is a right tributary of the River Glass on the Isle of Man. It has a length of appr. 4.5 km and merges with the Glass 2 km south of Crosby.
 Nemacheilus elegantissimus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Nemacheilus.
 Templars Square is a shopping centre located in Between Towns Road Cowley Oxford England. It was opened in 1965 and was known as Cowley Centre until 1989. It is the largest enclosed shopping centre in Oxford.
 Alpha and Omega is a 2010 3D American-Canadian computer-animated comedy-drama film produced by Crest Animation Productions. The film is directed by Anthony Bell and Ben Gluck starring the voices of Justin Long Hayden Panettiere Dennis Hopper Danny Glover and Christina Ricci. It is based on a story by Steve Moore and Ben Gluck.The film was released in 3-D (and also in 2-D) on September 17 2010 to 2625 theaters nationwide by Lionsgate.
 Jasionowa Dolina [jaɕɔˈnɔva dɔˈlina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Janów 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 41 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 The New Black is the fifth and final album by Canadian heavy metal band Strapping Young Lad. It was released on July 11 2006 debuting at No. 200 on the Billboard charts. A music video was shot for the album's sole single Wrong Side and another video done in CGI was made for Almost Again which was not a single.
 The Actor's Children is a 1910 American silent short comedy written by Lloyd Lonergan and produced by the Thanhouser Film Corporation in New Rochelle New York. The film starred Orrilla Smith Yale Boss Frank Hall Crane and Nicholas Jordan.
 I predoni del Sahara (Raiders of the Sahara) is a 1965 Italian adventure film directed by Guido Malatesta.
 The Conductor's Departure is Anata's 4th full-length album. It was released by Earache Records. This album continues their unique use of dissonant chords this time with more of a focus on melody than speed.
 Flo is a small village in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located on the northern shore of the lake Oppstrynsvatn about 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of the municipal center of Stryn.
 The Lost World is a techno thriller novel written by Michael Crichton and published in 1995 by Knopf. A paperback edition (ISBN 0-345-40288-X) followed in 1996. It is a sequel to his earlier novel Jurassic Park.Like Arthur Conan Doyle's novel of the same name Crichton's novel concerns an expedition to an isolated Central American location where dinosaurs roam—though in this case the dinosaurs were recreated by genetic engineering rather than surviving from antiquity.
 Neonerita yahuasae is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Joicey and Talbot in 1916. It is found in Peru.
 Bucculatrix plucheae is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Florida.The wingspan is about 5 mm. The forewings are brown with a narrow straight white streak from the base of the wing running parallel to the fold for nearly half the wing length. This streak is bordered on each side by a single line of blackish brown scales. The hindwings are dark greyish brown.
 Big in Japan: Live in Tokyo 2010 is the fortieth album by Klaus Schulze. Taking in consideration the previously released multi-disc box sets (Silver Edition Historic Edition Jubilee Edition Contemporary Works I and Contemporary Works II) it could be viewed as Schulze's one hundred and first album. This album contains music from two concerts at the Tokyo Kokusai Forum Hall in Tokyo Japan on March 20–21 2010 in Schulze's first visit to Japan.
 The Joshua Hempsted House built in 1678 is a frame building in New London Connecticut. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.Connecticut Landmarks operates the house and the adjacent 1759 Nathaniel Hempsted House as a historic house museum known as the Hempsted Houses. The houses have been restored to reflect a late 17th to mid 18th-century appearance.
 The New Despotism was a book written by The Rt. Hon. Lord Hewart of Bury Lord Chief Justice of England and published in 1929 by Ernest Benn Limited. Hewart described this new despotism as to subordinate Parliament to evade the Courts and to render the will or the caprice of the Executive unfettered and supreme.
 Living Targets is the third album from German punk rock band Beatsteaks. It was released in August 2002 on Epitaph Records as was previous album Launched in 2000. There was one line-up change from the previous album – Torsten Scholz took over bass duties from Alexander Roßwaag. The album featured more hard rock tracks than previous efforts including songs which were far slower and more melodic and structured.
 Křenek (Prague-East District) is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Adventures of Wim or (reissued in 2002 as Whim) is a book by George Cockcroft written under the pen name Luke Rhinehart. It was published (as Adventures of Wim) in 1986 and was sold as The sequel well almost to The Dice Man. This version is no longer in print. A major reworking of the book was later published under the title of Whim in 2002.[citation needed]
 Maritime Silk Road (Persian: راه آبي ابريشم‎) is a 2011 Iranian film about a man called Soleiman Siraf who according to historical documents was the first sailor to cross the Indian Ocean to China. His route was then called the Maritime Silk Road and many merchants took that route to get their merchandise to China. One of the passengers in this film is a young man named Shazan Ibn Yusof who keeps a log of the voyage.
 Reports on Mathematical Physics (ISSN 0034-4877) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal started in 1970 which publishes papers in theoretical physics that present a rigorous mathematical approach to problems of quantum and classical mechanics and field theories relativity and gravitation statistical physics and the mathematical foundations of physical theories. The editor-in-chief of this journal is A. Jamiolkowski. The impact factor of this journal was 0.495 in 2006.
 Best Of is a compilation album from alternative rock band Voice of the Beehive. Released in the UK only it was the second Voice of the Beehive hits collection (the first being 1991's A Portrait). This compilation featured singles and tracks from the band's first two albums Let It Bee and Honey Lingers.
 The Chițcani River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 The Montreal Standard later known as The Standard was a national weekly pictorial newspaper published in Montreal Quebec founded by Hugh Graham. It operated from 1905 to 1951.Begun in 1905 as a Saturday-only newspaper on the model of the Illustrated London News the format proved to be successful during World War I and World War II.
 Mordellistena abaceta is a type of beetle in the family Mordellidae which is in the Mordellistena genus. It was discovered in 1917.
 Foreign Devils is a 1927 drama silent film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Tim McCoy and Claire Windsor which was released on September 3 1927.
 Keep Laughing is an album by hardcore punk band Rich Kids on LSD released in 1985. It was produced and engineered by Phillip (Philco) Raves at Mystic Studios in Hollywood.
 Miley Naa Miley Hum is a Bollywood film marking the debut of Chirag Paswan who is son of Ram Vilas Paswan. The film stars Kangna Ranaut Neeru Bajwa and Sagarika Ghatge. The film released on November 4 2011.[citation needed]. The film has an item number by Shweta Tiwari. The film went unnoticed and considered a box office flop.
 First of the Big Bands – BBC Live in Concert 1974 is a live album recorded on September 12 1974 at the London Palladium by Tony Ashton and Jon Lord and their all-star band featuring Ian Paice Carmine Appice Dick Parry and Max Middleton among others. The setlist features mainly songs off the album First of the Big Bands by Ashton & Lord released in 1974. The live album was released in 1993 by Windsong International.
 The Ghar-e-Roodafshan cave is located in Roodafshan valley Tehran Province Iran.Since 2003 the Verein für Höhlenkunde in Obersteier (Austria) with the Khaneye Koohnavardan-e-Tehran (Iran) has been surveying Ghar-e-Roodafshan. (2003-2005)The length of this spacious cave is 1502 m with a vertical distance of -90.6 m. The Roodafshan Entrance Hall with 168 m length 94 m width 40 m high and 11395 m2 floor area is presently the second biggest documented cave chamber in Iran.
 Johns Manville Plaza is a 404-foot-tall skyscraper (123 m) in Denver Colorado. It was completed in 1978 and has 29 floors. The building was designed by Hellmuth Obata and Kassabaum owned by Crescent Real Estate Equities Company and is the 16th tallest building in Denver. Reflective solar glass windows alternating with 5-foot-wide columns (1.5 m) makes up the outer walls. A plaza basement and loading dock are shared with 707 17th Street.
 Race Walking Record (abbreviated RWR) is a nonprofit magazine about the sport of race walking and walking events primarily aimed at a UK audience. The magazine was founded in London in 1941 by Alf McSweeney in order to keep athletes serving as soldiers in World War II informed about their sport back home. Alf McSweeney was president of the Race Walking Association at the time and a printer by trade.Race Walking was a successful Olympic sport for Great Britain at that time.
 Top Line (internationally released as Alien Terminator) is a 1988 Italian film directed by Nello Rossati. It is an action film with a climax that includes UFO's and aliens.
 Tendai Laxton Biti (born 6 August 1966) is a Zimbabwean politician who served as Zimbabwe's Minister of Finance from 2009 to 2013. He is the Secretary-General of the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC-Tsvangirai) political party and a member of Parliament for Harare East.
 Hal Plotkin is the Senior Policy Advisor in the Office of the Under Secretary of Education United States Department of Education which has responsibility for all federal U.S. higher education policies and programs. Plotkin was appointed to his position in the Obama administration in July 2009.Plotkin is a former member and president of the Foothill-De Anza Community College District Board of Trustees and Chair of the District's Committee on Audit and Finance.
 The Grantsville First Ward Meetinghouse at 297 Clark St. in Grantsville Utah is a Latter Day Saint meeting house which was built in 1865-1866. It was a work of Scottish immigrant Hugh Alexander Ross Gillespie. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982; the listing did not include a 1952 addition to the building.It is notable as one of few LDS meetinghouses built with adobe and having Greek Revival styling that still survive.
 John Klenke (born April 25 1958) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator. He is a 1st term Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing 88th district.John Klenke graduated from University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1980 with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree (Finance) and from University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee in 1982 with a Master of Business Administration degree (Taxation).
 Live in Paris 1975 is a live album by the British hard rock band Deep Purple recorded in 1975 at the Palais des Sports in Paris. It was meant to be released before the 1975 Come Taste the Band album but was not released until 2001 by Purple Records. See also Made in Europe (1976) and Mk III: The Final ConcertsIn early 1975 the guitarist Ritchie Blackmore recorded his first album Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow with Rainbow and decided to leave Deep Purple.
 Married to a Mormon is a 1922 silent British drama film directed by H. B. Parkinson and starring Evelyn Brent Clive Brook and George Wynn. The film is anti-Mormon and involves the taking of young virginal English women to Utah to become wives. It is considered to be a lost film.
 The Watonwan River is a tributary of the Blue Earth River 113 miles (182 km) long in southern Minnesota in the United States. Via the Blue Earth and Minnesota Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 878 square miles (2274 km²) in an agricultural region. The Watonwan drains about a quarter of the Blue Earth River's watershed.The river was the site of the capture of Bob Cole and Jim Younger (members of the James-Younger gang) near Madelia in 1876.
 James Andrew Andy Vidak is an American politician. A member of the Republican Party he is currently a state senator from California's 16th State Senate district.
 Qaleh-ye Azodi (Persian: قلعه عضدي‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye ‘Aẕodī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahrud County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 11 families.
 Hammer and Anvil is the third full-length album by British progressive rock band Pure Reason Revolution released by Superball Music on 15 October 2010 in Germany Austria and Switzerland 18 October in the rest of Europe and October 25 in the United States. According to Rock Sound in Hammer and Anvil the band have retained most of their heavy hooks to create a great crossover record.
 Lake Rochelle of which the main body is oval-shaped has a smaller oval-shaped cove on its east end. This lake has a surface area of 580-acre (2300000 m2). The lake is located just north of Winter Haven Florida but is located entirely within the city limits of Lake Alfred Florida the main part of which is on the lake's northwest side. On that side US Highway 92 is just beyond the lake's shore. Most of the north and west sides of Lake Rochelle are bordered by woods.
 Mohammadabad-e Saidabad (Persian: محمدابادسعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Moḩmmadābād-e Sa‘īdābād; also known as Moḩmmadābād-e Şadrī) is a village in Aliabad Rural District in the Central District of Taft County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 120 in 35 families.
 The Very Rev Herbert Arthur Jones was Dean of Manchester in the third quarter of the 20th century.Born in 1887 he was educated at Birmingham University. He was ordained in 1917 and began his career with curacies at St Paul Balsall Heath and St Agatha Sparkbrook. He was then Vicar of All Saints Small Heath after that Provost of Leicester Cathedral before entering the Deanery. He died on 17 February 1969.
 The Spectator is a weekly British conservative magazine which was first published on 6 July 1828. It is currently owned by David and Frederick Barclay who also own The Daily Telegraph newspaper via Press Holdings. Its principal subject areas are politics and culture. Its editorial outlook is generally supportive of the Conservative Party although regular contributors include some outside that fold such as Frank Field and Martin Bright.
 Mindcrime at the Moore is a live album and DVD by American progressive metal band Queensrÿche that was released on July 3 2007. The album and DVD were announced in an April 4 press release on the band's website.The album/DVD was recorded live during Queensrÿche's three night stint at The Moore Theatre in Seattle in October 2006 on the band's tour in support of Operation: Mindcrime II.
 Majhkot is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5309 living in 1064 individual households.
 Iva Campbell Fallis (June 23 1883 – March 7 1956) was the second female Canadian Senator.Born in Castleton Ontario the daughter of Jessie Stewart and Michael John Doyle she attended the Toronto Normal School and became a school teacher. In 1909 she married Howard Taylor Fallis.In 1923 she became the first president of the Peterborough Conservative Women's Association.
 Leptostylus viriditinctus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1872.
 The Digul (Dutch: Digoel) is a major river in southern Papua province Indonesia on the island of New Guinea. The swamplands upstream were known by the name Boven Digul (Above the Digul in Dutch) and hosted a penal colony at Tanahmerah (Red Earth) in the early 20th century when Indonesia was a colony of Holland.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District Kamfiruz District Marvdasht County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1003 in 227 families.
 Shoot Loud Louder... I Don't Understand (Italian: Spara forte più forte non capisco) is a 1966 Italian crime film directed by Eduardo De Filippo.
 Waterrock Knob is a mountain peak in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It is the highest peak in the Plott Balsams and is the 16th highest mountain in the Eastern United States. It is the 15th highest of the 40 mountains in North Carolina over 6000 feet.The mountain is split by both Haywood and Jackson counties in the western mountains of the state. It is located in the Plott Balsams mountain chain between the Great Smoky Mountains and the Great Balsam Mountains.
 Career Objective is the second album by punk rock band The Methadones.
 Maszków [ˈmaʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława within Oława County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Oława and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Schwarza (Hasel) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Brightly Burning is a 2000 novel by Mercedes Lackey. The novel is a fantasy set in the magical world of Valdemar. As such it adds to the Valdemar canon yet stands alone and can be read without other books set in that world.
 Bachquellengraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Reise ins Ehebett is an East German film. It was released in 1966.
 Dörtler is a village in the District of Karaisalı Adana Province Turkey.
 The Unholy Garden is a 1931 drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Ronald Colman. It was based on a story by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur.
 The Valea Roșie River is a tributary of the Băiţa River in Romania. It is formed at the junction of headwaters Lăpușna Mare and Lăpușna Mică
 Ciopan [ˈt͡ɕɔpan] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Sin and Sorrow Are Common to All (Grekh da beda na kovo ne zhiviot Грех да беда на кого не живёт) is a drama in four acts by Alexander Ostrovsky written in 1852 and published by No. 1 1863 issue of Vremya magazine edited by the Dostoyevsky brothers. It was premiered in Maly Theatre Moscow on January 21 1863 as a benefit for actor A. F. Bogdanov. Later that year Ostrovsky was awarded the Uvarov Prize for it.
 László Lakos (born 31 August 1945) is a Hungarian veterinarian and former politician who served as Minister of Agriculture between 1994 and 1996.
 Night Fall is a 2004 novel by American author Nelson DeMille.The story begins with the 1996 crash of TWA Flight 800 off Long Island New York.
 Chavar (Persian: چور‎ also Romanized as Chāvār) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 106 in 20 families.
 Simpelius is an impact crater that lies in the southern part of the Moon. It lies to the north-northwest of the somewhat larger crater Schomberger and east-southeast of the prominent Moretus.The most distinctive aspect of this crater is the asymmetry of the inner wall with the side being nearly twice as wide at the southern end as it is to the north. As a result the level interior floor is offset to the north of the crater interior.
 Asida is a large genus of darkling beetles. They have been located around western Europe in particular near the Mediterranean Sea.
 The Andreas Michelsen Farmstead originally built in 1902 by Andreas himself as a two room house. In 1912 the house was added onto to make 7 rooms in total little has changed since. The homestead consists of a 1.5 storey Victorian style farmhouse with wraparound porch various outbuildings; including a barn granary calving shed coal shed machine shed corrals and pens and an outhouse; and landscape elements such as a dugout cistern and filter storage cellar and garden.
 Chain Saw Confidential: How We Made the World’s Most Notorious Horror Movie is a 2013 non-fiction book by actor Gunnar Hansen who is best known for portraying Leatherface in the 1974 film The Texas Chain Saw Massacre. The book was first released on September 24 2013 through Chronicle Books and covers the making of the iconic slasher film.
 Oblin-Korczunek [ˈɔblin kɔrˈt͡ʂunɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice within Garwolin County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Maciejowice 24 km (15 mi) south-west of Garwolin and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
 Sultaniya is a village about 45 km from Jaipur in Phagi tehsil in the state of Rajasthan India. This is a small village with the population numbering around 2000 and largely consists of farmers. Agriculture is mainly dependent upon the monsoon as the village lacks modern irrigation options. In the years of a poor monsoon the people survive through their livestock and selling milk.
 The Ciocracul River is a tributary of the Valea Cheii River in Romania.
 Crateromys is a genus of rodent native to the Philippines in the family Muridae. It contains four species: Dinagat Bushy-Tailed Cloud Rat (Crateromys australis) Giant Bushy-Tailed Cloud Rat (Crateromys schadenbergi) Panay Cloudrunner (Crateromys heaneyi) Ilin Island Cloudrunner (Crateromys paulus)
 Snow Part (German: Schneepart) is a 1971 German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan. It was published in an English translation in 2007.
 Gaberovo Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Madzharovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Searching for Jerry Garcia is the second and final studio album by Detroit rapper Proof of D12 released on August 9 2005. It was the only solo album that Proof released on a major label before his death. It reached number 65 on the U.S. Billboard 200 Albums Chart. The album is named after Grateful Dead member Jerry Garcia.
 Il giorno del Cobra (internationally released as Day of the Cobra) is a 1980 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Enzo G. Castellari.
 Chevro Ahavath Zion Synagogue is a historic synagogue located at Monticello in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1952 and is believed to stand on the foundation of a synagogue built in 1933 and destroyed by fire. It is a small two story brick building three bays wide and three bays deep with a concrete foundation and gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The System of the World a novel by Neal Stephenson is the third and final volume in The Baroque Cycle.The title alludes to the third volume of Isaac Newton's Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica which bears the same name.The System of the World won the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel and the Prometheus Award in 2005 as well as a receiving a nomination for the Arthur C. Clarke Award the same year.
 The Private Life of an Indian Prince is a novel by Mulk Raj Anand first published in 1953. The book is classified as one of Anand's most impressive and important works. In keeping with his other writings dealing with the topic of social and political reform this book deals with the abolition of the princely states system in India.
 Eupithecia conterminata is a moth of the Geometridae family. The species can be found from Fennoscandia and the mountains of central Europe through the Caucasus to southern Siberia.The wingspan is 14–17 mm. There are two generations per year with adults on wing from the mid May to June.The larvae feed on Picea abies. Larvae can be found from the end of July to mid August. It overwinters as a pupa.
 Microstomini is a tribe of fish in the Pleuronectinae subfamily.
 Saetotaenia is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
 Pseudotolithus is a genus of croaker or bar ray-finned fish in the family Sciaenidae.
 Saadat Qoli-ye Olya (Persian: سعادت قلي عليا‎ also Romanized as Sa‘ādat Qolī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Sa‘ādat Qolī-ye Bālā and Sādāt Qolī Bālā) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District in the Central District of Quchan County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 22 families.
 Last Summer is the first solo album released by American indie pop musician Eleanor Friedberger most notable for being vocalist in the band The Fiery Furnaces with her brother Matthew Friedberger. The album was released on 12th July 2011 on the Merge Records record label. The album was announced as being in the making in April 2011 and released on July 12 2011. Last Summer currently holds a 79 out of 100 rating on Metacritic.
 James Andrew Broun-Ramsay 1st Marquess of Dalhousie KT PC (22 April 1812 – 19 December 1860) styled Lord Ramsay until 1838 and known as The Earl of Dalhousie between 1838 and 1849 was a Scottish statesman and a colonial administrator in British India. He served as Governor-General of India from 1848 to 1856.
 Centreville Presbyterian Church (South Monaghan Ontario) was established in 1833. The first minister the Rev. James Douglas(s) (June 11 1792-April 30 1870) was inducted in 1834 a native of Monaghan in Ireland who came from a congregation in Lisbon Pennsylvania. A frame church was built in 1852 and a new brick church building was constructed in 1863.
 Palaina striolata is a species of minute land snail with an operculum a terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Diplommatinidae. This species is endemic to Palau.
 The Collected Books of Jack Spicer first appeared in 1975 ten years after the death of Jack Spicer. It was edited & with a commentary by Robin Blaser and published in Santa Rosa CA by Black Sparrow Press.
 Kenyapotamus is a possible ancestor of living hippopotamids that lived in Africa roughly 16 million to 8 million years ago during the Miocene epoch. Its name reflects that its fossils were first found in modern-day Kenya.Although little is known about the Kenyapotamus its dental pattern bore similarities to that of the genus Xenohyus a European tayassuid from the Early Miocene.
 Alex Fergusson MSP (born 8 April 1949) is a Scottish Politician Member of the Scottish Parliament and served as the 3rd Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament from 2007 till 2011. He has been a Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) since 1999 first for the South of Scotland region between 1999 and 2003 and since 2003 for the Galloway and Upper Nithsdale constituency.
 Grande École (2004) is a French film directed by Robert Salis.
 Llyn-y-Foel (lake of the mountain in Welsh) is a lake in Snowdonia Wales. It is approximately 240 m across 120 m wide and up to 2 m deep.
 Romeo Ranjha is a 2014 Punjabi language Indian action comedy film Starring Jazzy B & Garry Sandhu written by Dheeraj Ratan directed by Navaniat Singh who also directed Singh vs Kaur. Romeo Ranjha is produced by Gunbir Singh Sidhu & Manmord Sidhu with Hansraj Railhan as Co-Producer. The movie will be released on 16 May 2014.
 Con Funk Shun 7 is the eighth album by the Vallejo California musical group Con Funk Shun. It was released in 1981 on the Mercury Records label.
 A Fine Windy Day (Hangul: 바람 불어 좋은 날; RR: Barambuleo joheun nal) is a 1980 South Korean film written and directed by Lee Jang-ho.
 Radio Wayne is the second studio album by actor and comedian Wayne Brady. It is also his first full-length children's music album his second Disney-labeled album after his recording of The Tiki Tiki Tiki Room for the Disney Music Block Party (2008) compilation and his third children's album appearance after Marlo Thomas & Friends: Thanks & Giving All Year Long and Disney Music Block Party. The album's title was inspired by the radio network Radio Disney.
 The Valea Dracului River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Riem Chbong Yeung is a 1972 Cambodian romance film directed by So Min Chiv and stars Kong Som Eun and Vichara Dany.
 Mazraeh-ye Ab Anjireh (Persian: مزرعه اب انجيره‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Āb Ānjīreh) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Cathedral of Reggio Emilia (Italian Duomo) is one of the three main religious buildings in Reggio Emilia (Emilia-Romagna northern Italy).Built originally in Romanesque style it was largely modified in the following centuries. The façade had originally 13th centuries frescoes now houses in the Diocese's museum.The current façade is unfinished with a 16th-century covering in the lower level with pilasters surrounding niches with the statues of the four patron saints of the city.
 Barrio Chacra Monte is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina. It is located 1.5 km south of National Route 22 and 1 km west of the provincial route 6. It is nestled within the zone of farms of the Upper valley of the Negro river distanced 4 km (as of November 2006) from the edge of the main agglomeration of General Roca and 7 km from its center.
 Mont Rougemont is part of the Monteregian Hills in southern Quebec. It is composed of igneous rock and hornfels. The summit stands 366 m (1201 ft) above sea level. The mountain is mostly covered with sugar maple-dominated forest. Apple orchards and vineyards are cultivated on many of the lower slopes and much of the fruit is used to make cider.
 The Comeback Trail is a 1982 film directed by Harry Hurwitz. It stars Chuck McCann and in his final screen role Buster Crabbe. The film features several cameos of people playing themselves such as Hugh Hefner.
 The Rouvre is a river in Lower Normandy in the Orne département a tributary of the Orne.The river's source is in the commune of Beauvain a few kilometres to the east of La Ferté-Macé. After crossing the Pays d'Houlme it turns in a north-westerly direction to re-enter the Norman Switzerland and then in its last 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) passes around Bréel.
 The smooth oreo or smooth dory Pseudocyttus maculatus is an oreo the only species in the genus Pseudocyttus. It is found in all southern oceans at depths of between 400 and 1500 metres (1300 and 4900 ft). Its length is up to 60 centimetres (24 in).
 Tubular Bells II is the 15th album by Mike Oldfield released in 1992. The album—the first for his new record label Warner Bros. Records following an acrimonious departure from Virgin Records after twenty years—was conceived as a sequel to Oldfield's 1973 Tubular Bells. Another sequel followed in 1998.The album charted at number 1 in the UK as did its precursor.
 Lake Chemong or Chemong Lake (pronounced shi-MONG) is a lake 8 km NW of Peterborough Ontario near the town of Bridgenorth. The lake extends from near Fowlers Corners north to near Curve Lake. Lake Chemong has a length of 14 km and a width of 1 km.Communities along and near the lakeshore include Bridgenorth Selwyn on the east and Ennismore on the west. There is a causeway which crosses the lake connecting Bridgenorth and Ennismore by road. This causeway is called the James A.
 Alphabet Prison is the fourth studio album by French nu metal band Pleymo. Released on October 9 2006 the album combined elements from the aggressive aspects of the band's first two albums and the more melodic songwriting found on their previous album Rock.
 Made of Stone is the first play by Leo Butler first performed as part of the Young Writers' Festival at the Royal Court in London in 2000.Butler called the play which is named after the Stone Roses' 1989 song of the same title his 'love letter' to Sheffield. Butler says that the starting point for any of his plays is an image here he claimed it was that of two brothers standing by their father's grave. The play centres on three brothers coming to terms with their father's death.
 The Pria River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
 Private Property (French: Nue Propriété) is a French-language Belgian 2006 film by Joachim Lafosse. The film received the André Cavens Award for Best Film by the Belgian Film Critics Association (UCC).
 Riot Act is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band Pearl Jam released November 12 2002 through Epic Records. Following a full-scale tour in support of its previous album Binaural (2000) Pearl Jam took a year-long break. The band then reconvened in the beginning of 2002 and commenced work on a new album. The music on the record featured a diverse sound including songs influenced by folk art rock and experimental rock.
 Daniil Sulimov (Russian: Дании́л Его́рович Сули́мов; Moscow Russian Empire 22 December [O.S. 3 January 1891] 1890 – Moscow 27 November 1937) was a Soviet-Russian statesman who was from 1930 to 1937 the Chairman of the Council of People's Commissars of the Russian SFSR literally meaning Premier or Prime Minister.He was arrested and executed during the Great Purge.
 The American Railway Express Company Garage is a historic parking garage located at 3002-3028 Cecil B. Moore Ave. in the Strawberry Mansion neighborhood of north Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by the firm Harris & Richards and constructed by the Robert E.
 Clive Barker: Visions of Heaven and Hell is an art collections book written and illustrated by Clive Barker. It contains approximately 300 pages of art and writings about good and evil.
 Binnal (Kannada: ಬಿನ್ನಾಳ ) is a village in the Yelburga taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka.Binnal is 17 km from Kuknoor and 22 km from Gadag. Binnal can be reached by Gadag-Kuknoor route via Harlapur-Yarehanchinal.
 The Dent d'Orlu also known as the Pic de Brasseil (el. 2222 m) is a distinctive peak in the Pyrenees in the commune of Orlu in the Ariège department in southwestern France.
 Taegukgi: The Brotherhood of War (Korean: 태극기 휘날리며; Taegukgi Hwinallimyo) is a 2004 South Korean war film directed by Kang Je-gyu. It stars Jang Dong-gun and Won Bin and tells the story of two brothers who are drafted in the South Korean army by force at the outbreak of the Korean War. Kang Je-gyu made a name for himself directing Shiri and was able to attract top talent and capital to his new project eventually spending USD $12.8 million on production.
 Territory=Universe is the second album by Acumen Nation. It was originally released on Fifth Colvmn Records in 1996. A version with additional tracks was released on Conscience Records on May 5 1998.
 Better Late Than Never is a 1982 film directed by Bryan Forbes. It stars David Niven Art Carney and Maggie Smith. The soundtrack features songs by Henry Mancini and Noël Coward.
 Jaakko Eino Untamo Hallama (born 28 March 1917 in Kuopio died 11 February 1996) was a former Finnish Foreign Ministry official who was the Minister of Foreign Affairs in the politically neutral cabinet of Reino Lehto. Hallama served as the ambassador to the Soviet Union and Mongolia (1967-1970 and 1974-1996) Denmark (1970-1974) and Afghanistan (1975-1982).His wife Anita Hallama was known for her longstanding relationship with President Urho Kekkonen.
 Commediasexi is an Italian comedy movie released in 2006.
 The Myanmar snub-nosed monkey or Burmese snub-nosed monkey (Rhinopithecus strykeri) is a critically threatened species of colobine monkey discovered in 2010 in northern Burma (Myanmar). It was formally described as a novel species of Primate in 2011 based on its fur beard and tail.
 Kathleen M. 'Katie' Hobbs is an American politician and state senator from Arizona representing the 24th district; she was previously a state representative.
 Rotwandlspitze is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. It forms a double peak with Brunnensteinspitze.de:Rotwandlspitze
 Deh-e Tak (Persian: ده تك‎ also Romanized as Deh Tak; also known as Deh Tark and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Darreh Doran Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Rumiko Takahashi Anthology also known as Rumic Theater is a collective manga of many short stories. In Japanese it has been published under several different names at least as Takahashi Rumiko gekijō (高橋留美子劇場) and as Takahashi Rumiko kessakushū (高橋留美子傑作集). Some editions are numbered 1–3 while other editions are unnumbered. Volume 4 currently only exists in an unnumbered edition.
 Hemphillia pantherina is a species of air-breathing land slugs terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Arionidae the roundback slugs.
 Wake Up and Dream is a 1946 Technicolor film unrelated to the 1930s musical of the same name. The film stars June Haver and John Payne was released by 20th Century Fox was directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Elick Moll based on the novel The Enchanted Voyage by Robert Nathan.The film features the song Give Me the Simple Life with music by Rube Bloom and lyrics by Harry Ruby.
 Politikin Zabavnik (Serbian Cyrillic: Политикин Забавник) is a popular magazine in Serbia published by Politika Newspapers and Magazines. The first issue came out on 28 February 1939. In the beginning it was printed in the form of newspaper and issued biweekly on Tuesdays and Fridays. Nowadays it comes out weekly on Fridays.
 The G.A. Burnham House is an historic house at 17 Nickerson Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The house was built in 1902 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Col de Braus (1002 m) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Alpes-Maritimes in France.It connects Sospel and L'Escarène. A railway tunnel has been dug under the pass.[citation needed]
 Anna in the Tropics is a play by Nilo Cruz. It won the 2003 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.The play is set in Ybor City a section of Tampa and the center of the cigar industry. When Cuban immigrants brought the cigar-making industry to Florida in the 19th century they carried with them another tradition. As the workers toiled away in the factory hand rolling each cigar the lector (historically well-dressed and well-spoken) would read to them.
 The Zona Gale House was built by Zona Gale the first woman to win the Pulitzer Prize for Drama for her parents. It is located in Portage Wisconsin. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 for its significance in literature and architecture.
 Hard Times – For These Times (commonly known as Hard Times) is the tenth novel by Charles Dickens first published in 1854. The book appraises English society and is aimed at highlighting the social and economic pressures of the times.
 The Yellow-vented Warbler (Phylloscopus cantator) is a species of leaf warbler (family Phylloscopidae). It was formerly included in the Old World warbler assemblage.It is found in Bangladesh Bhutan China India Laos Myanmar Nepal and Thailand. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Lee Patrick Brown (born October 4 1937) had a long-time career in law enforcement leading police departments in Atlanta Houston and New York over the course of nearly four decades. During this time he helped to implement a number of techniques in community policing that appeared to result in substantial decreases in crime. In 1997 Brown was the first African American to be elected mayor of Houston Texas. He was reelected twice to serve the maximum of three terms from 1998 to 2004.
 Dyleň (German: Tillenberg) is a mountain in the Karlovy Vary Region of western Bohemia located roughly 100 metres (330 ft) from the Czech Republic–Germany border.
 The Zhelon is a river in Zhytomyr Oblast Ukraine and Gomel Region Belarus. It is a right tributary of the Pripyat River and approximately 113 km (70 mi) long.
 Murder by Proxy also known as Blackout is a 1954 crime drama film directed by Terence Fisher. It stars Dane Clark and Belinda Lee. In it a drunk and down-and-out Casey Morrow (Clark) in London is approached by a young and beautiful heiress Phyllis Brunner (Lee) with an offer of lots of money if he will marry her. He accepts but then wakes up the next morning in some other woman's apartment with blood on his coat from the murder of Brunner's father.
 Send Me to the Sun is the debut album by the American alternative rock band Polydream released on December 15 2007.
 Trzesieka [tʂɛˈɕɛka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Szczecinek and 140 km (87 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 60 Wall Street is a 55-story skyscraper (745 feet 227 meters) in Lower Manhattan which currently serves as the American headquarters of Deutsche Bank.
 Doctor Ricardo Rojas is a village and municipality in Chubut Province in southern Argentina.
 John Aloysius Canavan (August 3 1896 – October 2 1963) was an American attorney who served as the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts from 1938 to 1939.
 Fifi is the third studio album by the Dutch band the Heideroosjes.
 Emery Farmstead (also known as Chancellor-Emery Farmstead) is an historic farm in Port Angeles Washington.The farm was built in 1889 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Dobrosułów [dɔbrɔˈsuwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytnica within Krosno Odrzańskie County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Bytnica 19 km (12 mi) north of Krosno Odrzańskie 40 km (25 mi) north-west of Zielona Góra and 60 km (37 mi) south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has a population of 500.
 Edge of Darkness is a 2010 American crime thriller film directed by Martin Campbell and also produced by Michael Wearing starring Mel Gibson.It was based on the 1985 BBC television series Edge of Darkness. This was Gibson's first screen lead since Signs which was released in late 2002.Edge of Darkness follows a detective (Gibson) investigating the murder of his activist daughter (Bojana Novakovic) while uncovering political conspiracies and cover-ups in the process.
 Pappakudi (South) is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Sahara is an adventure novel by Clive Cussler. First published in 1992 it is the eleventh book in Cussler's Dirk Pitt series. In 2005 the film Sahara was released based on the book.
 Chuck Hassebrook is a Democratic gubernatorial candidate for Nebraska. He was the Executive Director of the Center for Rural Affairs in Lyons Nebraska and was briefly a candidate for the United States Senate in the 2012 election. Hassebrook has served 36 years with the Center winning changes in federal tax farm conservation and rural development policy.
 The Hunt for Red October is a 1990 American action thriller film based on Tom Clancy's novel of the same name. It was directed by John McTiernan and stars Sean Connery as Captain Marko Ramius and Alec Baldwin as Jack Ryan. The fictional story is set during the Cold War era; involving a rogue Russian naval captain who wishes to defect to the United States and an American CIA analyst who correctly deduces that circumstance and must prove his theory to the U.S.
 Environmental Ethics is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the study of philosophical aspects of environmental problems. It was established in 1979. The editor-in-chief is Eugene Hargrove and it is published by the Center for Environmental Philosophy (University of North Texas). All issues are available online from the Philosophy Documentation Center.
 The Privilege of Power is the seventh studio album by the American heavy metal band Riot released in 1990. It was more experimental than their previous work being an attempt at a concept album and also including a horn section on some of the tracks. Racing with the Devil on a Spanish Highway is a cover of an Al Di Meola instrumental track from the album Elegant Gypsy (1977). Killer is about convicted killer Jeffrey R.
 Chah-e Pahn (Persian: چاه پهن‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Pahn) is a village in Qotbabad Rural District Kordian District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 6 families.
 Naunihal was a 1967 Hindi drama film directed by Raj Marbros and starring Sanjeev Kumar Balraj Sahni and Indrani Mukherjee in lead roles. Film's music was composed by Madan Mohan with lyrics by Kaifi Azmi included the song Meri Aawaz Suno Pyar ka Raaz Suno (Hear my voice hear the secret of love) sung by Mohammad Rafi. The song is picturized over the funeral procession of Prime Minister of India Jawahar Lal Nehru.
 Queen Mary's Peak is the summit of the island of Tristan da Cunha in the South Atlantic Ocean. It has an elevation of 2062 metres (6765 ft) above sea level. It is named after Mary of Teck the Queen consort of King George V. It is the highest point of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena Ascension and Tristan da Cunha.The mountain is the peak of the massive shield volcano which forms the island.
 Koplin [ˈkɔplin] (German: Kopplinsthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno within Choszczno County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Choszczno (Arnswalde) and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin (Stettin).Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Pelosia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 John Francis Xavier Jack Davoren (July 27 1915 – August 24 1997) was a U.S. politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1955–1967 and Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth from 1967–1974. While in the house he served as the House Majority Leader from 1962–1964 and Speaker from 1964 to 1967. Davoren left the House of Representatives in 1967 after he was elected Secretary of the Commonwealth.
 The Lișcovu Mare River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 The White Lion Inn was a public house located in Henley Street Stratford-upon-Avon England an example of Elizabethan architecture that first appears in historical records in either 1541 or 1591. The building was mentioned by both Harriet Beecher Stowe and Rupert Graves.
 The Long Pursuit is a 1967 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about the escape of a group of survivors from the Battle of Singapore in World War II.
 The Red-fronted Antpecker (Parmoptila rubrifrons) is a species of songbird found in Western Africa. Like all antpeckers it is tentatively placed in the of estrildid finch family (Estrildidae). It often contains the eastern Jameson's Antpecker (P. jamesoni) as a subspecies.This bird inhabits tropical lowland moist forest in Sierra Leone Liberia Guinea Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire.
 Catharylla tenellus is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in the Atlantic Forest of Brazil (Bahia Minas Gerais Paraná Rio de Janeiro Saõ Paulo).The length of the forewings is 10.5–12 mm for males and 12–16 mm for females. The forewings are snow white with an ochreous costal line. The median and subterminal transverse lines are ochreous and the outer margin is ochreous with seven dark brown spots.
 Hum Tere Aashiq Hain is a 1979 Bollywood film produced and directed by Prem Sagar. It stars Jeetendra and Hema Malini in pivotal roles.
 Maya Miriga (1984(Oriya: ମାୟା ମିରିଗ English The Mirage ) is an award-winning Oriya film film directed by Nirad N. Mohapatra.
 Blue Sky Mining is an album by Australian rock band Midnight Oil which was released on 25 February 1990 under the Columbia Records label. It received high ratings from critics. In March the album peaked at number one on the ARIA Albums Chart for two weeks. A limited release of the record featured clear blue vinyl. The lead single Blue Sky Mine reached #1 on Modern Rock Tracks.
 First Love (Russian: Первая любовь Pervaya ljubov) is a novella by Ivan Turgenev first published in 1860. It is one of his most popular pieces of short fiction.
 Ganja & Hess is a 1973 horror film directed by Bill Gunn and stars Marlene Clark and Duane Jones. The film follows the exploits of archaeologist Dr. Hess Green (Jones) who becomes a vampire after being stabbed by his intelligent but unstable assistant (Gunn) with an ancient cursed dagger.
 J. Kurtz and Sons Store Building is a historic commercial building located in the Jamaica section of the New York City borough of Queens. It was built in 1931 and is a six-story steel-frame building with two decorated sides in the Art Deco style. It is three bays by six bays and features a metal-framed windows with stepped pylon motif rising through all four floors. They are of cast aluminum with geometric designs. It was built to house the J.
 Iván Skerlecz de Lomnicza (often rendered Ivan Škrlec Lomnički in Croatian) (July 20 1873 - January 12 1951) was the last Hungarian to be ban (viceroy) of the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia.Skerlecz was born in Oroszló Baranya County Hungary in 1873. After Hungarian dictatorship during 1912 under the titular ban Slavko Cuvaj the Hungarian prime minister István Tisza appointed Skerlecz head of the Austro-Hungarian crown land in 1913.
 L'Osservatore Romano (English: The Roman Observer) is the daily newspaper of Vatican City State which carries the Pope’s discourses and reports on the activities of the Holy See as well as the main events taking place in the Church in Italy and around the world. It is the official newspaper of the Holy See News Service.
 Tom Elliott (born 11 December 1963) is a Northern Irish politician who has been the Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for Fermanagh and South Tyrone since 2003 and was the Leader of the Ulster Unionist Party from 2010 to 2012.
 Diacme is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Mindoro Bleeding-heart (Gallicolumba platenae) (Filipino: kulo-kulo) is bird native to the Philippines. It is an endangered species. The Mindoro Bleeding-Heart is a type of ground dove.
 Kanyadanam is a 1998 Telugu film starring Upendra Srikanth and Rachana in the lead roles directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana and produced by Ambica Krishna. The film's music was composed by Koti. The film released on 10 July 1998 across Andhra Pradesh. Kanyadanam was Upendra's debut movie in Telugu. The film explored the soft and romantic side of Upendra who had gained a much dreaded image after his psychopath performance in his earlier Kannada Telugu blockbuster A.
 Dinosaur Park is a tourist attraction in Rapid City South Dakota United States. Dedicated on May 22 1936 it contains seven dinosaur sculptures on a hill overlooking the city created to capitalize on the tourists coming to the Black Hills to see Mount Rushmore. Constructed by the city of Rapid City and the Works Progress Administration WPA Project #960's dinosaurs were designed by Emmet Sullivan.
 Natzschung is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Thomas Joseph Tom Ridge (born August 26 1945) is an American politician who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives (1983–1995) the 43rd Governor of Pennsylvania (1995–2001) Assistant to the President for Homeland Security (2001–2003) and the first United States Secretary of Homeland Security (2003–2005). He is a member of the Republican Party.
 CBC Radio 3 Sessions Vol. 1 is a compilation album released in 2004 compiling tracks from live sessions performed on CBC Radio 3.
 Lost in the Feeling is the ninth studio album released by American country music artist Mark Chesnutt. This album marked Chesnutt's return to MCA after the dissolution of the Decca Records Nashville division in 1999.
 The Balikun Jerboa (Allactaga balikunica) is a species of rodent in the Dipodidae family.It is found in China and Mongolia.[citation needed]It eats green plants plant roots seeds and grasshoppers and beetles.
 Dreams of Joy is a 2011 novel by Lisa See. It debuted as #1 in the New York Times list of best selling fiction. In this book See completes the circle she began in Shanghai Girls. The former novel ends with the suicide of Pearl’s husband Sam and the shattering discovery by Joy that May is really her mother Pearl is her aunt and Z.G. the famous Chinese artist is her father.
 Music Is Magic is a 1935 Fox musical film directed by George Marshall. The movie stars Alice Faye and Bebe Daniels and is based on a play by Jesse Lasky Jr. and Gladys Unger. The movie was Daniels' last American screen appearance.
 The Mountain of the Cannibal God (Italian title: La montagna del dio cannibale) is an Italian cult movie starring Ursula Andress and Stacy Keach with English dialogue that was filmed in Sri Lanka. The film was also widely released as Slave of the Cannibal God and released in the UK as Prisoner of the Cannibal God with a poster designed by Sam Peffer. The film was banned in the UK until 2001 for its graphic violence and considered a video nasty.
 Rosanna Malouf Peterson (born April 12 1951) is a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington and a former professor at Gonzaga University School of Law.
 Podole [pɔˈdɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuchowo within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Tłuchowo 19 km (12 mi) east of Lipno and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Embers and Ashes is the debut studio album by Jazz vocalist and pianist Shirley Horn released in 1959.
 The Australian blenny (Ecsenius australianus) are small marine blennioid fish of the genus Ecsenius. They are small and reddish-brown with a white ventral side. Australian blennies inhabit the shallow marine waters of the tropics. They are often found along the Great Barrier Reef and Coral Sea of Australia.
 Little Boy is the eighth album of singer/actor/host Janno Gibbs.
 I Vitelloni (Italian pronunciation: [i vitelˈloni]) is a 1953 Italian comedy-drama directed by Federico Fellini from a screenplay by Fellini Ennio Flaiano and Tullio Pinelli. The film launched the career of Alberto Sordi one of post-war Italy's most significant and popular comedians who stars with Franco Fabrizi and Franco Interlenghi in a story of five young Italian men at crucial turning points in their small town lives.
 Just One Look (Chinese: 一碌蔗; pinyin: Yat luk che) is a 2002 Hong Kong film written and directed by Yip Kam-Hung and starring Shawn Yue Anthony Wong and Gillian Chung.
 First Church of Christ Scientist built in 1907 is an historic Christian Science church building located at 406-408 Middle Street in New Bern North Carolina in the United States. It was designed in the Classical Revival style by prolific local architect Herbert Woodley Simpson. On October 2 1973 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.First Church of Christ Scientist New Bern is still an active Christian Science congregation.
 Cham Asiyab (Persian: چم اسياب‎ also Romanized as Cham Āsīyāb; also known as Chamāsiyāb) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District Sarfaryab District Charam County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 10 families.
 Museum Jorn Silkeborg (formerly Silkeborg Kunstmuseum) is a Danish Art museum located in beautiful surroundings by Gudenåen in Silkeborg Denmark.Museum Jorn holds the collections that were developed by Asger Jorn from the early 1950s until his death in 1973 since when they have doubled in extent.
 Skinman is the second full-length album by Australian Thrash metal band Allegiance released in 1996. The album was produced in Perth Western Australia by John Villani.
 Enid is a British dramatic television film first broadcast on 16 November 2009 on BBC Four. Directed by James Hawes it is based on the life of children's writer Enid Blyton portrayed by Helena Bonham Carter. The film introduced the two main lovers of Blyton's life. Her first husband Hugh Pollock who was also her publisher was played by Matthew Macfadyen. Kenneth Darrell Waters a London surgeon who became Blyton's second husband was portrayed by Denis Lawson.
 Coleophora mexicana is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Tamaulipas in Mexico.
 7 Sins is the debut album by rap duo Kane & Abel. It was released on October 8 1996 for No Limit Records and Priority Records and was produced by Master P and Beats By the Pound. The album found decent success peaking at #179 on the Billboard 200 #29 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #11 on the Top Heatseekers. As of 2004 7 Sins has sold 35000 copies. There was a music video for the single Gangstafied which was a decent success.
 Shade's Children is a young adult science fiction novel by Garth Nix. It was first published in 1997 by HarperCollins.
 Barcoongere River a watercourse of the Wooli Wooli River catchment is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales Australia.
 Song for America is the second album by American progressive rock band Kansas released in 1975. The album was reissued in remastered format on CD in 2004.Continuous touring had given Kansas a small following of loyal fans some of whom would follow the group from one show to another.
 Cory Scott Gardner (born August 22 1974) is the Republican U.S. Representative for Colorado's 4th congressional district. In 2010 he defeated incumbent Democrat Betsy Markey. He was formerly a member of the Colorado House of Representatives.Gardner announced his candidacy for the U. S. Senate in March 2014 quickly clearing the Republican primary field and setting up the November 2014 race against incumbent Senator Mark Udall.
 Sherri Smith Buffington formerly Sherri Smith Cheek (born August 1966) is a businesswoman from Shreveport Louisiana who is a third-term Republican member of the Louisiana State Senate from District 38 (south Caddo and De Soto parishes). Buffington is the first female Republican ever elected to the Louisiana Senate.
 Jeruzal [jɛˈruzal] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrozy within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Mrozy 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki and 61 km (38 mi) east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 410.
 Qaleh Now-e Faz (Persian: قلعه نوفاز‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-e Fāz) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District in the Central District of Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 17 families.
 Witter House is a historic house on Chaplin Street in Chaplin Connecticut.It was built in 1820 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Water Mill is a historic watermill located at Water Mill in Suffolk County New York USA. It is a 2-story heavy wood-frame structure with a wood-shingle exterior and composed of two building sections. There is a 2-story square-shaped main section and 1-story one-bay wing. Attached to the rear is a 2 1⁄2-story tower and 1-story glassed-in porch. The mill structure dates to the mid-17th century. It operated as a mill until the early 20th century.
 The Niederwaldsee is a lake in Bensheim. Bensheim is a town in the Bergstraße district in southern Hesse Germany.
 Greatest Hits is compilation album released by the funk/R&B group Cameo. It was the fourth album to be released by the band (and the third collection of previously released material) in 1998. This 12-track collection can be considered a combination of the 1993 album The Best of Cameo and its sequel in 1996. Only one track You Make Me Work was not on either volume. Some of the tracks are edited versions.
 Lisa M. Boscola is a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate representing the 18th Senate District which includes portions of Lehigh Northampton and Monroe counties. She is in the Democratic Party.Boscola is a resident of Bethlehem Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of Bethlehem's Freedom High School and Villanova University from which she holds both a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in political science. After college she worked briefly as a court clerk before entering politics.
 Days of Infamy is a two-novel alternate history of the initial stages of the Pacific War by Harry Turtledove. The major difference is that the Empire of Japan not only attacks Pearl Harbor but follows it up with the landing and occupation of Hawaii.
 Q'inqu Mayu (Quechua q'inqu zig-zag mayu river zig-zag river hispanicized spellings Kenko Mayu Khenko Mayu) is a Bolivian river in the Cochabamba Department Chapare Province. Since 1991 it is the eastern border of Tunari National Park.
 Mon Nationalism and Civil War in Burma: The Golden Sheldrake by Ashley South is a history of the Mon people an ethnic group found in Myanmar (previously known as Burma) and Thailand. Published in 2003 it covers their history from the pre-colonial era up to the time of writing with an emphasis on the development of Mon nationalist movements in the 20th century.South an independent consultant and analyst specializes in ethnic politics displacement and humanitarian issues in Burma.
 Butte Creek is tributary to the Sacramento River joining the river in the vicinity of Colusa California USA. About 93 miles (150 km) in length it runs through much of Butte County California (the county however receives its name from the Sutter Buttes in Sutter County California).
 Gazeta Wyborcza (Polish pronunciation: [ɡaˈzɛta vɨˈbɔrtʂa] Electoral Gazette) is a newspaper printed in Poland. It covers the gamut of political international and general news from a liberal perspective. Like all Polish newspapers it is printed on compact-sized paper.As of 2013 it was the second highest selling newspaper in Poland despite a declining circulation.
 Abul Kasim is a mountain in southeastern Ethiopia. Located in the Arsi Zone of the Oromia Region this mountain has an elevation of 2573 metres (8442 ft) above sea level. It is the highest point in Seru woreda.Although this mountain has great importance to Oromo cultural and religious tradition as the home of the Abba Muda it is also important as the location of the tomb of a descendant of the Muslim saint Sheikh Hussein and is the object of an annual pilgrimage.
 John Malcolm Duhé Jr. (born April 7 1933 in Iberia Parish Louisiana) is a retired senior judge on the New Orleans-based United States Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. He subsequently practiced law in Lafayette.
 Music from the Lonely Planet which was later released as Globe Trekker: Ambient Journeys is a collection of world music from the titular series.
 Time to Share is the thirteenth album from Japanese musician Toshinobu Kubota released on September 21 2004. The album was credited under his alias Toshi. It is also Kubota's third English album.
 Ab Talkh Filgah (Persian: اب تلخ فيلگاه‎ also Romanized as Āb Talkh Fīlgāh; also known as Ābtalkhū) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Aglossa exsucealis is a species of snout moths in the genus Aglossa. It was described by Lederer in 1863 from Beirut Lebanon. It is also found on Cyprus.
 Zameus is a genus of dogfish shark in the family Somniosidae native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.
 The Kızılırmak (Turkish for Red River) also known as the Halys River (Ancient Greek: Ἅλυς) is the longest river in Turkey among the rivers which originates and ends in Turkey (both origin and mouth being in Turkey). It is a source of hydroelectric power and is not used for navigation.
 Master of Heavenly Beauty (Slovene: Mojster nebeške lepote) is a novel by Slovenian author Ivan Sivec. It was first published in 2001.
 Corporate Report (foaled in Kentucky in May 1988) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. A descendant of Damascus he was sired by Private Account by breeder Equigroup Thoroughbreds. Corporate Report was a grade one stakes winning millionaire who won the Travers Stakes and finished second to dual classic winner Hansel in the 1991 Preakness Stakes.
 The South American Painted-snipe or Lesser Painted-snipe (Nycticryphes semicollaris) is a shorebird in the family Rostratulidae. There are two other species in its family the Australian Painted-snipe and the Greater Painted-snipe.
 Business Ethics: A European Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by John Wiley & Sons covering business ethics. The editor-in-chief is Christopher Cowton (University of Huddersfield). Occasionally the journal publishes special issues on particular interdisciplinary themes.
 The Essential Gandhi: An Anthology of His Writings on His Life Work and Ideas is a collection of Gandhi's writings edited by Louis Fischer. The book outlines how Gandhi became the Mahatma and introduces Gandhi's opinions on various subjects. It is split into two parts: The Man and The Mahatma.
 Phil Stacey is the self-titled debut album of American country music singer Phil Stacey released on April 29 2008 on Lyric Street Records. The album debuted on the Billboard 200 at No. 43 with 13000 sold for the week. IT has sold 40000 copies as of March 2009.
 Brudaki [bruˈdaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Wolbórz 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 The western brush wallaby (Macropus irma) also known as the black-gloved wallaby is a species of wallaby found in the southwest coastal region of Western Australia. The wallaby's main threat is predation by the introduced Red Fox (Vulpes vulpes).
 The Throne of Fire is a 2011 fantasy adventure novel written by Rick Riordan. It is the second novel in The Kane Chronicles series which tells of the adventures of modern day fourteen-year-old Carter Kane and his thirteen-year-old sister - Sadie Kane as they discover that they are descended from the ancient Egyptian pharaohs Narmer and Ramesses the Great. It was released on May 3 2011. The book takes place roughly three months after the first book The Red Pyramid.
 The Eastern Blackheaded Budworm (Acleris variana) is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Newfoundland and Cape Breton Island and the northeast United States across the coniferous forest region of Canada presumably to Saskatchewan or eastern Alberta. The larvae mainly feed on Abies balsamea and Picea glauca.
 Anastasia P. Williams (born 1957) is an American politician who is a Democratic party member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing the 9th District since 1993. During the 2009-2010 sessions she served on the House Committee on Municipal Government and the Joint Committee on Accounts and Claims. She also served as the Chairperson of the House Committee on Labor.
 The Devil's Novice is a medieval mystery novel by Ellis Peters set in fall 1140. It is the eighth novel in the Cadfael Chronicles first published in 1983 (1983 in literature).It is the Anarchy when Empress Maud's forces are rising King Stephen is strengthening ties with needed allies and lords of manors must choose a side. A sturdy younger son of a local manor arrives at the Abbey at Shrewsbury to be a novice.
 Dębogóra [dɛmbɔˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonak within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Czerwonak and 15 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.It has about 100 inhabitants.
 Qalehcheh (Persian: قلعه چه‎ also Romanized as Qal‘ehcheh and Qal‘eh Cheh; also known as Ghal’eh Cheh and Kalacha) is a village in Lahijan Rural District Khosrowshahr District Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 186 in 55 families.
 Kaspar Villiger (pronounced Caspar Feeleeger) (born 5 February 1941) is a Swiss businessman politician and former member of the Swiss Federal Council (1989–2003).
 Kamar Surakh (Persian: كمرسوراخ‎ also Romanized as Kamar Sūrākh) is a village in Mansuri Rural District Homeyl District Eslamabad-e Gharb County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 110 in 25 families.
 Trinity Rectory is an historic building at the corner of Clarendon Street and Newbury Street in Boston Massachusetts. It is a brick building built in 1880 by Henry Hobson Richardson and features flower-shaped reliefs carved directly into the brick exterior.
 Amgueddfa Cymru – National Museum Wales formerly the National Museums and Galleries of Wales is a Welsh Government sponsored body that comprises nine museums in Wales: National Museum Cardiff St Fagans: National History Museum Cardiff Big Pit National Coal Museum Blaenavon National Woollen Museum Dre-fach Felindre near Llandysul National Slate Museum Llanberis National Roman Legionary Museum Caerleon National Waterfront Museum Swansea National Collections Centre Nantgarw Turner House Gallery PenarthIn addition to these sites Amgueddfa Cymru - National Museum Wales runs Oriel y Parc a gallery of Welsh landscape art in St David's with the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority.Rhagor (Welsh: more) an online supplement to the physical institutions contains information on items in the museum collection and images of further items which are not on display.
 Offside is a Swedish film from 2006 directed by Mårten Klingberg and starring Jonas Karlsson Torkel Petersson Ingvar Hirdwall Göran Ragnerstam and Brendan Coyle.
 The Fountain is a bi-monthly magazine of scientific and spiritual thought published by The Light Inc. It has been published since 1993 as a quarterly magazine till 2008. The Fountain is located in New Jersey with offices in Istanbul Moscow Cairo Sydney and Kuala Lumpur.The Fountain covers a wide range of topics including interfaith dialog science technology arts culture and society from a faith perspective (especially Islam).
 Bartkowo [bartˈkɔvɔ] (formerly German Bartikow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Gryfino and 25 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 141.
 Philo Newton Cobblestone House is a historic home located at Hartland in Niagara County New York. It is a cobblestone structure built in 1830 by Philo Newton in the Greek Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Descent is a 2007 American thriller film directed by Talia Lugacy and produced by and starring Rosario Dawson.
 Plastic Letters is the second studio album by American new wave band Blondie released in February 1978 on Chrysalis Records.
 Feather River Hospital is a 101-bed acute care hospital near Sacramento with a wide array of outpatient departments and services designed to meet the health care needs of Paradise California and its neighboring communities.
 William Ewart Gladstone (/ˈɡlædˌstoʊn/)(29 December 1809 – 19 May 1898) was a British Liberal politician. In a career lasting over sixty years he served as Prime Minister four separate times (1868–74 1880–85 February–July 1886 and 1892–94) more than any other person. Gladstone was also Britain's oldest Prime Minister 84 when he resigned for the last time. He had also served as Chancellor of the Exchequer four times.Gladstone first entered Parliament in 1832.
 The Sineşti River is a tributary of the Boul River in Romania
 Strange Weather is a 1987 studio album by British singer Marianne Faithfull.This album is the first complete studio work recorded by Marianne Faithfull after recovering from a 17-year addiction to heroin in 1986. The album's 3 predecessors on Island Records were all recorded while Faithfull confronted various personal struggles and contained a majority of lyrics and some music penned by Faithfull herself.
 Herennia multipuncta commonly known as the ornamental tree trunk spider is a species of spider in the family Nephilidae native to Asia. It exhibits sexual dimorphism the female being much larger than the male. It weaves a small web on the trunk of a tree or the wall of a building and is well camouflaged by its dappled colouration.
 Inopsis funerea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Grote in 1883. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Arizona and South Carolina.Adults have been recorded on wing in June.
 Sarandib Planitia is a region of relatively un-cratered terrain on Saturn's moon Enceladus. It is located at 4.4° North Latitude 298.0° West Longitude and is approximately 200 km across. From Voyager images Sarandib Planitia is considered part of either the ridged plains unit (Kargel and Pozio 1996) or smooth plains unit (Rothery 1999) of Enceladus thought to be the youngest terrain on Enceladus.
 Weirdo Magnet is a 1996 studio album by Buck 65 re-released by Warner Music Canada in 2002.
 Floodplain is a studio album by the Kronos Quartet released in 2009. All twelve compositions were written or arranged for the quartet.
 Zyzzogeton is a rare genus of leafhopper endemic to South America. It is named after a former genus Zyzza (probably an onomatopoeia) appended with the ancient Greek geitōn (γείτων ‘neighbour’).The word is known for being the last word defined in the Webster's New International Dictionary Unabridged released in September 1961. It also appears in the 1939 Second edition and is still present in current versions.
 John Stuart Agnew (born 30 August 1949 in Norwich) is a Member of the European Parliament for the East of England region for the United Kingdom Independence Party. He was elected in 2009.He was educated at Gordonstoun School and the Royal Agricultural College. He is a Norfolk farmer who formerly represented Norfolk on the NFU Council. He is a long term UKIP member.
 Mirdif City Centre is a shopping mall located in the residential area of Mirdif in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Mirdif City Centre opened in March 2010 and is developed and managed by Majid Al Futtaim Properties.
 Leptophobia penthica the Penthica White is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Colombia Bolivia and Venezuela.The wingspan is 44–48 mm (1.7–1.9 in). Adults have black markings on the upperside. The underside of the hindwings is bright reflective silver.
 Albert Gervais (August 7 1922 – March 19 1989) was a politician in Quebec Canada and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec (MLA).
 Kamen Rider Kabuto The Movie: God Speed Love (劇場版 仮面ライダーカブト GOD SPEED LOVE Gekijōban Kamen Raidā Kabuto Goddo Supīdo Rabu) is the theatrical film adaptation of the Kamen Rider Kabuto TV series directed by Hidenori Ishida and written by Shōji Yonemura. The catchphrase for the movie is  (この地球〈ほし〉に、未来を。人類の存亡を賭けて、宇宙での死闘が始まる。 Kono Hoshi ni Mirai o. Jinrui no Sonbō o Kakete Uchū de no Shitō ga Hajimaru.). Unlike many others Kamen Rider movies it does not follow the TV series's storyline.
 Tanz in der Galerie is an East German film. It was released in 1957.
 Nadbory [nadˈbɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne within Łomża County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Jedwabne 31 km (19 mi) north-east of Łomża and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 Crater Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from an old dirt road along Livingston Creek.Crater Lake is just north of the Chinese Wall and is surrounded by several old mines.
 Void is the debut full-length studio album by the American post-metal band Intronaut. It was released on August 23 2006 in the USA through the Goodfellow Records.
 The Long-tailed Cisticola (Cisticola angusticauda) also known as the Tabora Cisticola is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family. It is found in Africa where it occurs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Malawi Mozambique Rwanda Tanzania Uganda and Zambia. Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
 The Key is a 1958 war film set in 1940 during the World War II Battle of the Atlantic. It was based on the novel Stella by Jan de Hartog was directed by Carol Reed and starred William Holden Sophia Loren and Trevor Howard.
 Petersen's 4-Wheel & Off-Road is a magazine dedicated to 4x4 and off-road trucks and SUVs. The first issue was published in 1977; it began as a special-interest publication from the editors of Hot Rod magazine. 4-Wheel & Off-Road covers a range of topics for the do-it-yourself light-truck enthusiast including real-world 4x4 performance modifications new products and product evaluations off-road event coverage new-vehicle evaluations travel and lifestyle.
 St. Francis Xavier Roman Catholic Parish Complex is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located in Buffalo in Erie County New York. The complex consists of a Lombard-Romanesque Revival basilica style church (1911–1913) a Queen Anne style rectory (1895) and a school completed over three phases in 1895 1906 and 1956. The church measures 156 feet in depth and 67 feet in width. It is two and one-half stories high and topped with a low-pitched red clay tile roof.
 Piecowice [pjɛt͡sɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka within Wrocław County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Długołęka and 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 370.
 The Vanishing is a 1993 thriller starring Jeff Bridges Kiefer Sutherland and Nancy Travis. It is an American remake of a 1988 Franco-Dutch film also called The Vanishing and also directed by George Sluizer.
 Moshkan (Persian: مشكان‎ also Romanized as Moshkān; also known as Moshgān and Mūsh Kān) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District in the Central District of Khorrambid County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1063 in 240 families.
 Sääksjärvi is a lake in Kokemäki Satakunta western Finland east from the town of Pori. The lake is notable because it overlies an impact crater.The crater is 5 kilometres (3 mi) in diameter and is completely buried under the lake and is not visible at the surface. The age of the impact structure is estimated to be about 543 ± 12 Ma (million years ago) at the boundary between the Ediacaran and Cambrian periods.
 Sir Joseph Dubuc (26 December 1840 – 7 January 1914) was a Canadian lawyer politician and judge who was born in Lower Canada and became an important political figure from Manitoba.
 The Red City (1909) is a historical novel by the American writer Silas Weir Mitchell. The novel is set in Philadelphia in the 1790s during the second term of George Washington's Presidency when the city served as the temporary capital of the United States. Its general theme is of the city's greatness during this era.
 Belgrandia varica is an extinct species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum aquatic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Hydrobiidae.Belgrandia varica is considered to be extinct.
 The Pietrele River is a tributary of the Cormaia River in Romania.
 Turkish Journal of Mathematics is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal published quarterly by the Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey (TÜBITAK). The journal was established in 1976 and is indexed by Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH. Its 2009 MCQ was 0.13 and its 2010 impact factor was 0.467.
 Jabłonowo [jabwɔˈnɔvɔ] (German: Jablonowo; 1938-45: Dreililien) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 It Came from Outer Space! is the first full-length album released by the Christian rock band Dweeb. Dweeb were an indie band from Coventry UK from 2002 – 2011. It Came from Outer Space! was released in 2007 by Risen Records; the label's ninth CD release. The band was made up of Tim Alford Matt Donald 'The Badgerman' and Dave Ashworth.
 The She-Devil is a 1918 American silent romantic drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara. The film is now considered to be lost. This was the last film in which Alan Roscoe starred with Theda Bara; they appeared in six films together starting with Camille.
 Anarchy released in June 20 2000 is the fourth studio album by Busta Rhymes. It comes after the release of The Coming When Disaster Strikes and Extinction Level Event (Final World Front). The album debuted at number 4 on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 164000 copies. The album would later be certified platinum by the RIAA.
 Maglič (Serbian Cyrillic: Маглич [mâɡlitʃ]) is a 13th-century castle about 20 km south of Kraljevo Serbia. The castle is located atop a hill around which the Ibar river makes a curve about 100 m above the river. The fortress protected the only road that connected the Great Morava Valley and Kosovo polje. Its name means The Foggy One from the Serbian word Magla (Магла) meaning fog.Maglič was included on the list of Cultural Monuments of Exceptional Importance in 1979.
 Nerice is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.
 Mather House also known as Flora Mather House is a college building at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland Ohio It was built as a dormitory for the Flora Stone Mather College for Women of Western Reserve University and currently currently houses classrooms and offices for the university's departments of art history classics history political science and religion.It was built during 1913-1915. It was designed by architect Abram Garfield and was built by contractor Roderick D.
 Bašin is a village in the municipality of Smederevska Palanka Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 552 people.
 Cascade Mountain is a mountain located in the Bow River Valley of Banff National Park adjacent to the town of Banff. The mountain was named in 1858 by James Hector after the waterfall or cascade on the southern flanks of the peak. The mountain has also been called Stoney Chief which is related to the name of the smaller neighbouring mountain Stoney Squaw which is still in use. Cascade is the highest mountain adjacent to the townsite.
 Monoceratuncus cristatus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Veracruz).
 What Witches Do is a book by Stewart Farrar and is an eye-witness account of Wiccan practices namely that of the Alexandrian coven run by Alex Sanders and his wife Maxine Sanders.
 Kijewo [kiˈjɛvɔ] (German: Kiöwen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) south of Olecko and 133 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Aage Kadam (English translation - Forward March) is 1943 Hindi-language black-and-white film directed by N R Acharya and starring Motilal Anjali Devi Mubarak Padma Rajkumari Shukai Amritlal.
 Eupithecia karakasykensis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It was described from the upper part of Kok-Suu-Western River gorge.
 The San Jose scale is a hemipterous insect (Q­raspidiotus perniciosus) in the family Diaspididae. It is an agricultural pest as it causes damage and crop losses to many fruit crops. In 1914 Q. perniciosus became the first documented case of insecticide resistance
 Zielęcin [ʑɛˈlɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Warta 22 km (14 mi) north-west of Sieradz and 66 km (41 mi) west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 130.
 Aliwal village comes under the Jalandhar East development block of Jalandhar. Jalandhar is a district in the Indian state of Punjab.
 Lake Desire also called Echo Lake is an unimproved watershed 5 miles (8.0 km) southeast of Renton Washington in the United States. It is a small part of the Maple Heights-Lake Desire Washington area 45 minutes east of downtown Seattle. According to King County it has productive water quality a maximum depth of 21 feet (6.4 m) and a surface area of approximately 80 acres.
 Wilcza Wola [ˈvilt͡ʂa ˈvɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzikowiec within Kolbuszowa County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Kolbuszowa and 37 km (23 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has an approximate population of 2000.
 The Secret Lives of Fortunate Wives is a 2005 novel by Sarah Strohmeyer. It was published on September 22 2005 by Dutton Adult.
 Vera; or The Nihilists is a play by Oscar Wilde. It is a melodramatic tragedy set in Russia and is loosely based on the story of Vera Zasulich. It was Wilde's first play and the first to be performed. In 1880 with only a few copies privately printed arrangements were made with noted actresses for a production the United Kingdom but this never materialized.
 Jelonki [jɛˈlɔnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Rudniki 17 km (11 mi) north-east of Olesno and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 194.
 Karen May is the Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives for the 58th District since 2001. The district includes parts of Bannockburn Deerfield Glencoe Highland Park Highwood Lake Bluff Lake Forest Northbrook and Riverwoods.May received her Bachelor of Arts in Communication from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. She and her husband live in Highland Park where they brought up their two children.
 Angel of Grozny: Inside Chechnya is a book by Norwegian journalist Åsne Seierstad published in 2008 which gives an account of everyday life in the war-torn Russian Republic of Chechnya. The book was also printed under the title Angel of Grozny: Orphans of a Forgotten War.
 Bhookh is a 1978 Bollywood action film directed by H. Dinesh and Ramesh Puri.
 Siah Dar-e Kohneh (Persian: سياهدر كهنه‎ also Romanized as Sīāh Dar-e Kohneh; also known as Sīāh Dar-e Soflá) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District in the Central District of Saqqez County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 116 in 24 families.
 The Wolf of Debt is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Jack Harvey. The film stars William Garwood and Violet Mersereau and Fanny Hayes.
 The Rosebud is a historic diner at 381 Summer Street in Somerville Massachusetts near Davis Square.The diner was built in 1941 by the Worcester Lunch Car Company for the Nichols family. The diner was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.In 2013 after 40 years of the family's ownership Evangelos Nichols sold the Rosebud to Martin Bloom.
 St Paul's Church and Centre is a Parish Church in the Church of England Diocese of Sheffield located at the junction of Norton Lees Lane and Angerford Avenue just above Meersbrook Park.Originally built between 1875-7 St Paul's was much altered to meet the needs of an expanding congregation in 1935 when C. B. Flockton added broad North and South aisles. The recent phase of redevelopment 2006-7 has just been completed.
 Ocinebrina erronea is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Agent Red (a.k.a. Captured) is a 2000 American action film directed by Damian Lee (and Jim Wynorski) and starring Dolph Lundgren. Its plot concerns two soldiers stuck on a submarine with a group of terrorists who plan to use a chemical weapon on America.After the film was completed producer Andrew Stevens deemed it too inept to be released.
 Scorn Defeat is the first full-length album by the Japanese black metal band Sigh. It is their most traditionally black metal album released and takes on a disturbing and bold formula lyrically. The album takes its title from a line in the title track from the 1981 album Welcome to Hell by Venom.The very first Scorn Defeat pressing by DSP has a black/white drawing on thecover. The second pressing of DSP has a bandpicture of Shinichi on the cover.
 Jude Célestin (born on June 19 1962 in Port-au-Prince) is a Haitian politician who was a candidate in the 2010 presidential election. After an education in Port-au-Prince Célestin studied mechanical engineering in Switzerland. Before he was nominated as the presidential candidate for President René Préval's Unity (INITE) party he was the executive director of the government's construction ministry the National Center of Equipment.
 Man on the Run is a 1949 British drama film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Derek Farr Joan Hopkins Edward Chapman Kenneth More and Laurence Harvey.
 Topa is a village in Mendhar Tehsil Poonch district in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.During the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 the Battle of Topa was fought here by 5 Gorkha Rifles.
 The Los Gatos Daily News now called the Los Gatos News was a free newspaper in Los Gatos California published 3 days a week. The newspaper was founded May 15 2002 by Dave Price (journalist) and Jim Pavelich who also published the Palo Alto Daily News. Both papers were distributed in newspaper racks and in stores coffee shops restaurants schools and major workplaces. The Los Gatos News along with five other editions was sold to Knight Ridder on Feb.
 European Judaism is a biannual academic journal published by Berghahn Books in association with the Leo Baeck College and the Michael Goulston Education Foundation. It was established in 1968 and covers Judaism studies concerning Judaism in Europe. The editor-in-chief is Jonathan Magonet.
 The Look of Love is the fifth album by singer Dusty Springfield to be released in the US issued on the Philips Records label in late 1967. It gathered seven tracks from Springfield's British 1967 album Where Am I Going? with both the A- and B-sides of the singles Give Me Time/The Look of Love and What's It Gonna Be/Small Town Girl and became Springfield's final release on the Philips label in the US.
 Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs the fifth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan. It first appeared in the November and December issues of All-Story Cavalier Weekly in 1916 and the first book publication was by McClurg in 1918.The novel was written while Burroughs lived in Oak Park Illinois which provided the name Opar.[citation needed]
 Navaliya is a Sinhala Language weekly for Women. It is published from Colombo Sri Lanka by Upali Newspapers.It was established in August 1982.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Apa Roşie River in Romania.
 Craig M. DeRoche (born October 4 1970) is a Republican Party politician who served as speaker of the Michigan House of Representatives for the U.S. state of Michigan. Before being elected to the House of Representatives DeRoche was a member of the Novi City Council. DeRoche was first elected to the lower house of the Michigan Legislature to represent the 38th District in the general election on November 5 2002. He was a member from January 1 2003 to January 1 2009.
 Sun Gangs is the third album by The Veils released on 6 April 2009. Finn Andrews has described it as a very modern mixture of prayers love letters and personal record keeping. Sun Gangs was produced by Graham Sutton with the exception of the opening track Sit Down by the Fire produced by Bernard Butler. No official singles were released to promote the album though 1-track promos of Three Sisters and The Letter were sent out to radio stations in late February 2009.
 Noble Beast is American singer-songwriter Andrew Bird's fifth solo studio album released on January 20 2009. Two songs from this album were previewed on his webpage Oh No and Carrion Suite while the entire album was made available by NPR as a streaming feed. Noble Beast was made available as a standard CD release a special limited-edition deluxe two-CD package and a double-LP package.The track Tenuousness appears in the closing credits for the 2011 movie Crazy Stupid Love.
 St Joseph's Gateshead RC Church is a Catholic church in Gateshead England.
 Ali Kazak (Arabic: علي القزق) was a senior Palestinian diplomat. He is now the Managing Director of Southern Link International a business investment consultancy and public relations company. He is the founder of the Australia-Arab Affairs Council and Palestine Publications.
 Børsa is a village and a former municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The former municipality of Børsa encompassed most of the northern part of the present-day municipality of Skaun and historically also included the Geitastrand area in Orkdal.The village of Børsa is also the administrative centre of the municipality of Skaun. The 1.11-square-kilometre (270-acre) village has a population (2009) of 1213. The population density is 1093 inhabitants per square kilometre (2830 /sq mi).
 Lake Väsman is a lake in Ludvika Municipality in Dalarna County of Sweden in the Norrström main basin.
 The Very Best Of (released as The Complete Greatest Hits in the UK and Australia) is a two-disc compilation album by the Eagles released in 2003.This album combines all tracks that appeared on the two previously released Eagles greatest hits albums (Their Greatest Hits (1971-1975) & Eagles Greatest Hits Vol.
 Burned Down the Enemy is the third album of heavy metal band Burning Point. The album was released in Asia by Soundholic on 20 December 2006 and in Europe on 19 January 2007 by Metal Heaven.It was recorded at Helgate studios in Oulu by Jukka Jokikokko. Mixing was made in Tonebox studios by Kakke Vähäkuopus. Album was mastered in Finnvox studios by Minerva Pappi.
 The Band of Honest Men (original title: La banda degli onesti) is a 1956 black and white Italian comedy film. The film is known as Die Bande der Ehrlichen in West Germany and Totó e as Notas Falsas in Portugal. It was filmed in Rome.
 Oncorhynchus is a genus of fish in the family Salmonidae; it contains the Pacific salmon and Pacific trout. The name of the genus is derived from the Greek onkos (hook) and rynchos (nose) in reference to the hooked jaws of males in the mating season (the kype).
 Jimmie R. Yee (born 1934 in Sacramento California) is an American politician who currently serves on the Sacramento County Board of Supervisors. Yee was briefly mayor of Sacramento California after the death of Mayor Joe Serna in 1999. Yee is a Democrat.
 Prasanta Pradhan (born 14 December 1939) is an Indian politician for the Contai (Lok Sabha constituency) in West Bengal.
 Friends & Lovers is a 1999 American romantic-drama film directed and co-written by George Haas about a group of twentysomethings on a ski trip. It stars Stephen Baldwin Claudia Schiffer and Robert Downey Jr..
 The Catatumbo River (Spanish: Río Catatumbo) is a river rising in northern Colombia flowing into Lake Maracaibo in Venezuela. The Catatumbo River is approximately 210 miles (338 km) long. It forms a part of the international boundary between the two countries.Together with the nearby Río Escalante Catatumbo is a producing area for cocoa beans of the Criollo cultivar.
 The Pendle Express is a weekly newspaper published every Tuesday for readers in the borough of Pendle east Lancashire.
 Chah-e Zarqani (Persian: چاه زرقاني‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Zarqānī) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District Rud Ab District Sabzevar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Thomas Hale Boggs Sr. (born February 15 1914; presumed to have died on October 16 1972 but not declared dead until January 3 1973) was an American Democratic politician and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Orleans Louisiana. He was the House majority leader and a member of the Warren Commission.In 1972 while he was still Majority Leader the twin engine airplane in which Boggs was traveling disappeared over a remote section of Alaska.
 The Ski Bum is a novel by Lithuanian-French author Romain Gary (1914–1980). French translation was published in 1969 under the title 'Adieu Gary Cooper'. The novel tells the story of Lenni a 21-year-old boy escaping from America his country of birth to pursue his dreams in the Alpine mountains of Switzerland. The story is about how he faces his obstacles with his logic.
 The Mexican Climbing Salamander (Bolitoglossa mexicana) is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family. It is found in Belize Guatemala Honduras Mexico and possibly Nicaragua. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests plantations and rural gardens. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Mindoro Shrew (Crocidura mindorus) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is endemic to the Philippines. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mount Penrose known locally as Penrose 2634 m (8642 ft) is the easternmost summit of the Dickson Range a subrange of the Chilcotin Ranges near Gold Bridge British Columbia Canada and immediately above and to the west of Gun Lake. It was named for Senator Boies Penrose of Philadelphia Pennsylvania who was the first to climb it during a hunting expedition led by famed guide W.G. Bill Manson.
 Pompanos /ˈpɒmpənoʊ/ are marine fishes in the Trachinotus genus of the Carangidae family (better known as jacks). Pompano may also refer to various other similarly shaped members of Carangidae or the order Perciformes. Their appearance is deep-bodied and mackerel-like typically silver and toothless with a forked tail and narrow base. Of the 20 described species most are valued as food. Some species are considered prize delicacies and game fish.
 Filmistaan is a 2013 Indian film written & directed by Nitin KakkarThe film was screened at the Busan International Film Festival the Mumbai Film Festival and the International Film Festival of Keralawhere it won the The Silver Crow Pheasant Award for Best Debut Film in International Film Festival of Kerala. The film bagged the Best Feature Film in Hindi in the 60th National Film Awards 2012. The film was also screened at 24th Palm Springs International Film Festival California.
 Marton Priory was a priory in North Yorkshire England. It surrendered to King Henry VIII's agents during the Dissolution of the Lesser Monasteries on 9 February 1536.
 Korizagheh (Persian: كري زاغه‎ also Romanized as Korīzāgheh; also known as Kor Zāgheh Kūh-e Zakheh Kūh-i-Zākha and Kūh Zākheh) is a village in Kanduleh Rural District Dinavar District Sahneh County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 289 in 53 families.
 Irumbai is a village situated next to Auroville in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu some 10 km from Pondicherry.
 The Culicoides variipennis is a 1 millimetre (0.039 in) long biting midge. It is a part of the subgenus Monoculicoides and has many subspecies. Found in North America C. variipennis transmits Bluetongue virus African horse sickness virus akabane virus and epizootic hemorrhagic disease.
 Delio Lake is a lake in the Province of Varese Lombardy Italy. At an elevation of 930 m its surface area is 4.85 km². It serves as the upper reservoir for the pumped-storage Roncovalgrande Hydroelectric Plant.
 St. Olaf's Church (also known as Ulvila Church Finnish: Pyhän Olavin kirkko or Ulvilan kirkko) is a medieval fieldstone church in the Western Finnish town of Ulvila. The church is dedicated to St. Olaf. It is considered as one of the most significant medieval buildings in Finland. St.
 There And Now: Live in Vancouver 1968 [sic] was a 1990 (or early 1991) archival release of a concert by Phil Ochs in Vancouver British Columbia Canada at the PNE Garden Auditorium on Thursday March 13 1969. Performing solo with guitar (except on The Bells where Allen Ginsberg played the bells) Ochs was worn weary and despairing in the aftermath of the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago.
 Marginella roseolineata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Icon is a compilation album by American country music artist Josh Turner. It was released on March 22 2011. It is part of a series of similar Icon albums released by Universal Music Enterprises. The album includes Turner's four number one singles (Your Man Would You Go with Me Why Don't We Just Dance and All Over Me) as well as album tracks As Fast as I Could and Backwoods Boy.
 Josh Zepnick (born 1968) is a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 9th Assembly District since his election in 2002.
 Robert Pinckney Dunlap (August 17 1794 – October 20 1859) was the 11th Governor of Maine and a U.S. Representative from Maine.Born in Brunswick Maine Dunlap was educated by private tutors. He graduated from Bowdoin College Brunswick Maine in 1815.
 Uncanned! The Best of Canned Heat is two disc CD set issued in 1994 features various tracks from previous albums and some previously unreleased tracks. Highlights include an alternate longer take of On the Road Again and Let's Work Together in stereo for the first time ever.
 Beli Potok is a village in the municipality of Sokobanja Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 238 people.
 William N. Billy Hall Jr. (August 20 1940 – February 19 2002) was a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives from Laredo Texas who served in District 57 from 1973 to 1987. He was subsequently the county treasurer of Webb County from 1995 until his death.
 Failures for Gods is the third album by American death metal band Immolation. It was released on Metal Blade Records in 1999.
 I Want Your Love is Brenda K. Starr's unofficial debut album. This was a small label release on Mirage Records in 1985 distributed by Atlantic Records. It features her Freestyle music hit Pickin' Up Pieces which peaked at #9 on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart in 1986 as well as the popular ballad Love Me Like the First Time which Stacy Lattisaw recorded a year later on her album Take Me All The Way.
 Mistral is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 110 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Mistral is named for the Chilean poet Gabriela Mistral who lived from 1889 to 1957.
 Cheong Kuoc Vá (traditional Chinese: 張國華; simplified Chinese: 张国华; pinyin: Zhāng Guóhuá; 1956-) is the Secretary for Security in Macau.Born in Macau Cheong joined the Public Security Police Force of Macau upon graduation from Yuet Wah College in 1975.
 Vysoká is the second-highest mountain in the Little Carpathians mountains part of the Carpathians mountain range located above the village Kuchyňa in Slovakia. The mountain is part of Nature Reserve Vysoká protected area. The 754-meter (2474 ft) AMSL high peak offers views of the surrounding Little Carpathians' relief Tribeč mountains Považský Inovec and Podunajská pahorkatina. On a fine day it offers views of extended parts of landscape with even the Austrian Alps being clearly visible.
 Rzeczyca Księża [ʐɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa ˈkɕɛ̃ʐa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Duży within Kraśnik County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Trzydnik Duży 6 km (4 mi) south of Kraśnik and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 830.
 Jamo bey Hajinski Suleyman oglu (Azerbaijani: Camo bəy Hacınski Süleyman oğlu; 1888 – 1942) was an Azerbaijani publicist public figure and politician. He served in the first fourth and fifth cabinets of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic as its State Controller and Minister of Postal Service and Telegraph.
 The Star Trek Encyclopedia: A Reference Guide to the Future is an encyclopedia of in-universe information from the Star Trek television series and films. It was written by Michael Okuda and Denise Okuda who were production staff on Star Trek: The Next Generation Star Trek: Deep Space Nine and Star Trek: Voyager and Debbie Mirek. It was illustrated by Doug Drexler.
 The Capital is a daily newspaper published in Annapolis Maryland since 1884. Its sister newspaper The Gazette is one of the oldest newspapers in America its origins dating back to the early 18th century. The Capital serves the city of Annapolis much of Anne Arundel County and neighboring Kent Island in Queen Anne's County.
 Tuqqeh (Persian: طوقه‎ also Romanized as Tūqqeh; also known as Toqqeh) is a village in Kongor Rural District in the Central District of Kalaleh County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 482 in 115 families.
 Great Falls Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Caney Fork straddling the county line between White County and Warren County in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is the only dam outside the Tennessee River watershed owned and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority. The dam impounds the 1830-acre (740 ha) Great Falls Lake and its tailwaters feed into Center Hill Lake.
 Superior is a creator-owned comic book series written by Mark Millar and illustrated by Leinil Francis Yu. It is published by Marvel Comics under the company's Icon imprint.It is the story of Simon Pooni a 12-year-old-boy who had it all going for him - plenty of friends at school good looks and a promising basketball career. But that was when he could still move his legs.
 24 heures (literally 24 Hours) is a Swiss regional Swiss-French-language daily newspaper published by Edipresse in Lausanne Vaud.
 Tibbotugoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Fuel for the Fire (1997) is the third EP released by Impellitteri.
 Transatlanticism is the fourth studio album and second concept album by American indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie. It was released on October 7 2003 by Barsuk Records. The album was written mostly by lead singer Ben Gibbard and produced by Chris Walla. Upon its release Transatlanticism received universal acclaim from music critics and charted at number 97 on the Billboard 200.
 The Lupoaia River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
 Le Chamossaire is a mountain in the western Bernese Alps overlooking Villars-sur-Ollon in the canton of Vaud. The mountain is part of a ski area and its summit is easily accessible from Bretaye with the Bex–Villars–Bretaye railway.
 Anthia venator is a beetle of the Family Carabidae.
 Hoveton Great Broad lies within The Broads in Norfolk England between Wroxham Broad and Salhouse Broad.The broad is connected to the River Bure but not open to boat traffic. A nature trail was laid out in 1968 - the first in the region. It is accessible only by boat. Mooring is allowed on the north bank of the Bure opposite Salhouse Broad.Natural England has established a Nature trail. From the boardwalk one can see the broad with its adjoining fens and alder carr.
 Calluga purpureoviridis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 St Michael and All Angels Church is a late nineteenth-century church in the settlement of Partridge Green in the parish of West Grinstead in West Sussex. It was built to cater for the then growing population of the village. Ian Nairn in the Sussex volume of The Buildings of England approves of the simplicity of this flint village church and comments that most other counties would have had it much fussier.
 Sławęcin [swaˈvɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice within Chojnice County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Chojnice and 108 km (67 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 519.
 The Iceman Cometh is a 1960 television production of the Eugene O'Neill play of the same title. Two separate parts were originally broadcast as episodes of Play of the Week in National Educational Television (NET).
 Caecilia nigricans is a species of amphibian in the family Caeciliidae.It is found in Colombia Ecuador and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests plantations rural gardens and heavily degraded former forest.
 Released in late 1971 (A Ballad of) A Peaceful Man was Gravy Train's second - and probably their most praised - album. Unlike their heavier debut this album sports some lovely string arrangements provided by Nick Harrison.A unique feature of the album is that it splits the heavy tracks from the lighter tracks: all the ballads are on side 1 while all the rockers are on side 2.
 Col. John Hannum House is a historic house located in East Bradford Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1760 and has three additions. The original section is 2 1/2-stories and constructed of fieldstone. It is five bays wide and has a gable roof. It has a two-story rectangular wing with a gable roof. Attached to the wing is a banked addition and one-story garage.
 Tantric is the debut album of American post-grunge band of the same name. It was released February 13 2001 and debuted at #193 on the Billboard 200. The album would eventually peak at #71 and reached platinum status due to the hit-single Breakdown as well as follow up singles Astounded and Mourning.
 Aamulehti (Finnish for morning newspaper) is a Finnish newspaper published in Tampere. It was founded in 1881 to improve the position of the Finnish people and the Finnish language during Russia's rule over Finland.It has the second largest circulation of Finnish dailies with an average circulation of 136726 per day and 140802 on Sundays (2004). In 2003 Aamulehti was acquired by Alma Media a large media corporation in Finland for a reported 460 million euros.
 Diplonychus rusticus is an insect endemic in the Philippines commonly known as Water bug. This insect lives in shallow waters and feed on aquatic insects including mosquito larvae. In a study conducted by Dr. Pio Javier of the University of the Philippines in Los Baños Laguna Philippines water bugs could be an effective biological control agent for dengue-carrying mosquitoes.
 Kiełcze-Kopki [ˈkʲɛu̯t͡ʂɛ ˈkɔpki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno within Kolno County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Kolno and 87 km (54 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 104.
 The Republican & Herald is a daily newspaper serving Pottsville Schuylkill County Pennsylvania. The newspaper is owned by Times-Shamrock Communications. In 2005 it had an average daily circulation of 26747. As of December 2010 newsstand prices were $1.00 for the daily edition and $2.00 for the Sunday edition.In 1979 writers Gilbert M. Gaul and Elliot G.
 Developmental Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering developmental psychology and developmental cognitive neuroscience that was established in 1998. The current editors are Charles A. Nelson Michelle de Haan and Paul C.
 Witkowo II (German Wittichow bei Stargard) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński within Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 493.
 St John's Wood Road Baptist Church is an evangelical Baptist church in St John's Wood London. The church is situated between Lord's Cricket Ground and Maida Vale.
 Tahmasebabad (Persian: طهماسب اباد‎ also Romanized as Ţahmāsebābād) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 60 in 13 families.
 Damad Kola (Persian: دامادكلا‎ also Romanized as Dāmād Kolā) is a village in Farim Rural District Dodangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 15 families.
 Success at Any Price was a 1934 sound film starring former silent film actress Colleen Moore and Douglas Fairbanks Jr..
 Virmajärvi is a small (1-kilometre (0.6 mi) long) lake straddling the border between Finland (Ilomantsi municipality) and Russia (Suoyarvsky District Republic of Karelia). It is located 19 km (12 mi) east of the village of Hattuvaara. The easternmost point of Finland and of the continental European Union is located on an island in the Virmajärvi.
 Malekshan-e Sofla (Persian: ملكشان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Malekshān-e Soflá and Malakshān-e Soflá; also known as Malakshān and Malekshān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Abidar Rural District in the Central District of Sanandaj County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 67 in 17 families.
 Biclonuncaria alota is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Paraná).
 Pitareti Monastery (Georgian: ფიტარეთი მონასტერი) is a medieval Orthodox Christian monastery in Georgia approximately 26 km southwest of the town of Tetritsq'aro Kvemo Kartli southwest of the nation’s capital Tbilisi.The Pitareti monastery consists of the Theotokos church a belfry the ruined wall and several smaller accessory buildings. The main church appears to have been built in the reign of George IV early in the 13th century.
 Farewell Continental is the first extended-play release by American alternative-rock band Farewell Continental released on May 25 2009 by Paper + Plastick.
 Belenpınar is a village in the District of Dinar Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Xiphinema brevicolle is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Sun Storm (Solstorm) published in the UK as The Savage Altar is the first novel by Swedish crime-writer Åsa Larsson. The novel is the first in the Rebecka Martinsson series. It won Sweden's Best First Crime Novel award and on publication in the UK was shortlisted for the Duncan Lawrie International Dagger awarded by the CWA for crime novels in translation. The novel is translated into English by Marlaine Delargy.
 Parkside Whispering Pines once known as Tall Maples Miniature Golf Course is a miniature golf course and national historic district located at the hamlet of Sea Breeze in the town of Irondequoit in Monroe County New York. It was built in 1930 and is a rare surviving example of a miniature golf course that dates from the sport's first period of broad based popularity.It was listed under its former name on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Hinton Rowan Helper House the residence of Hinton Rowan Helper from 1829-49 also known as Evans Place is a house in Mocksville North Carolina.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
 Jonathan Mark Jon Krause (born 12 March 1981) is an Australian Liberal National Party politician who is the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Beaudesert having won the seat at the 2012 state election.
 Neopetraeus filiolus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orthalicidae.
 Suzanne B. Conlon (born 1939) was a United States federal judge serving from February 22 1988 -- when she received her commission -- until May 31 2013.
 The Lingshui River (Chinese: 陵水河; pinyin: Língshuǐ Hé) is a river in Hainan Island China. It rises in Xianfang Mountain of northeastern Baoting Li and Miao Autonomous County and flows eastward across the Lingshui Li Autonomous County to empty into the South China Sea. The river has a length of 73.5 km and drains an area of 1131 square km.
 Gibberula olivai is a species of very small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
 Porzecze [pɔˈʐɛt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedziana Góra within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Miedziana Góra and 11 km (7 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 328.
 Hippuriphila modeeri is a species of flea beetles from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in West Palaearctic Region east to Mongolia.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Third Annual Collection is a collection of science fiction short stories edited by Gardner Dozois and published in 1986.
 Theological Studies (Teologiese Studies in Afrikaans; previously also known as Hervormde Teologiese Studies) is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering interfaith theological research. It has a broad scope publishing on aspects of religious studies philosophy ancient languages practical theology sociology and ethics.
 Conus villepinii is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Loryma callos is a species of snout moths in the genus Loryma. It was described by Viette in 1973 and is known from Madagascar.
 The League of the Scarlet Pimpernel is a sequel book to the classic adventure tale The Scarlet Pimpernel. Written by Baroness Orczy and first published in 1919 the book consists of eleven short stories about Sir Percy Blakeney's exploits in rescuing various aristos and French citizens from the clutches of the guillotine.The stories which are listed below are set in 1793 but appear in no particular order. They occasionally refer to events in other books in the series.
 Great Mazinger vs. Getter Robo (グレートマジンガー対ゲッターロボ Gurēto Majingā tai Gettā Robo) is an animated film produced by Toei based in the works of Go Nagai and Ken Ishikawa. The film premiered originally in March 21 1975 (1975-03-21) in Japan. It is a crossover between the super robot anime Great Mazinger and Getter Robo similar to the previous crossover film Mazinger Z vs. Devilman.
 Gownjuk-e Olya (Persian: گون جوك عليا‎ also Romanized as Gownjūk-e ‘Olyā; also known as Gavanjūk-e Bālā) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District Ahmadabad District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 586 in 147 families.
 Ortognathosia santamariana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Guatemala.
 Lipniki [lipˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka within Maków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Czerwonka 12 km (7 mi) east of Maków Mazowiecki and 78 km (48 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 80.
 Blondes is the debut full-length album by American electronic duo Blondes released on February 7 2012 by RVNG Intl. Critical reception was generally favorable most notably that of Sean Adams founder of Drowned in Sound who lauded the album in a 10/10 review.
 Chaudhary Mateen Ahmed is an Indian politician belonging to the INC. He was reelected in 2013 as an M.L.A from Seelampur constituency in Delhi defeating Kaushal Kumar Mishra (BJP) by 21728 votes.
 Drillia blakensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Relentless is the second full length album by metalcore band For the Fallen Dreams and the first album to feature vocalist Dylan Richter. The album was released on July 21 2009 and charted at number 29 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.This is the last album by For The Fallen Dreams to feature founding member and principal songwriter Andrew Tkaczyk before his departure from the band in February 2011.
 Kerkis or Kerketeus (Greek Modern: Κέρκης Kérkis; Ancient: Κερκετεύς Kerketeús) is an extinct volcano forming the bulk of the center of the Greek island of Samos. Its highest peak named Vigla (Βίγλα) its maximum elevation is 1433 m (4701 ft) making it the second-highest peak in the East Aegean (after Fengari on Samothrace).
 The Prior Hall originally known as Health Sciences Library is the home of medical library at Ohio State University.
 Das Boot (German pronunciation: [das ˈboːt] German meaning The Boat) is a 1981 German epic war film written and directed by Wolfgang Petersen produced by Günter Rohrbach and starring Jürgen Prochnow Herbert Grönemeyer and Klaus Wennemann. It has been exhibited both as a theatrical release and as a TV miniseries and in several different home video versions of various running times.Das Boot is an adaption of the 1973 German novel of the same name by Lothar-Günther Buchheim.
 The Yantic Woolen Company Mill is located in Norwich Connecticut. The building was built in 1865 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 25 1996.
 True Confession is a 1937 screwball comedy film starring Carole Lombard Fred MacMurray and John Barrymore. It was directed by Wesley Ruggles and based on the play Mon Crime written by Georges Berr and Louis Verneuil. In 1946 it was remade as Cross My Heart.
 Bahay Kubo: A Pinoy Mano Po! is a 2007 Regal Productions movie starring Maricel Soriano and Eric Quizon. The movie is one of the official entries of the Metro Manila Film Festival.
 Reset is an EP by Flying Lotus released on October 1 2007 on Warp Records. Tracks from this EP primarily Massage Situation have been played on Adult Swim during bumps.
 Hypatopa cyane is a moth in the Blastobasidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.The length of the forewings is 4.1–5.1 mm. The forewings are pale brown intermixed with a few brown scales. The hindwings are translucent pale brown gradually darkening towards the apex.
 Szostakowo [ʂɔstaˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże within Hajnówka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Czyże 7 km (4 mi) north-west of Hajnówka and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 This is a re-release of the first studio album by 10 Foot Ganja Plant. Released on the ROIR record label. The release features two bonus tracks.
 Sinja Glava is a village in the municipality of Pirot Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 138 people.
 Stary Imielnik [ˈstarɨ iˈmjɛlnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Stryków 11 km (7 mi) east of Zgierz and 11 km (7 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Pastrogor is a village in the municipality of Svilengrad in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.Pastrogor Peak in Antarctica is named after the village.
 The Heart Ache EP is the first release by Jesu. Justin K. Broadrick wrote both tracks played all of the instruments as well as mixed and produced the EP. It was originally released August 30 2004 by Dry Run Records; Avalanche Recordings released a 12 vinyl version in January 2008 also. The vinyl version is limited to 1500 copies.Hydra Head was scheduled to re-release the CD edition in September 2009 but it was later re-scheduled to be released on November 16 2010.
 The American Conservative (TAC) is a bi-monthly journal of opinion published by the American Ideas Institute. It reflects traditional American conservatism that has argued vigorously against American interventionism against a debt-based fiscal policy used to finance adventurism abroad and government growth at home and against the intrusions on Americans’ private lives by state security apparatus.
 Bug Estuary (Ukrainian: Бузький лиман) is an estuary of the Southern Bug. It is 82 km long and up to 11 km wide. Together with the Dnieper Estuary makes Dnieper-Bug Estuary. The city of Mykolaiv is located on the Bug Estuary.
 The Cathedral Church of St Mary of the Assumption usually known as St Mary's Cathedral is a cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church in the city of Aberdeen Scotland. It is the see of the Bishop of Aberdeen who is the ordinary of the Diocese of Aberdeen in the Province of St Andrews & Edinburgh.
 MTV Party To Go volume 10 was the tenth album in the MTV Party To Go series. The album was certified gold on January 1997 by the RIAA.
 The Victoria Tower is the square tower at the south-west end of the Palace of Westminster in London facing south and west onto Black Rod's Garden and Old Palace Yard. At 98.5 metres (323 ft) it is slightly taller than the more famous Elizabeth Tower - Big Ben (formerly known as the Clock Tower) at the north end of the Palace (96.3 metres (316 ft)). It houses the Parliamentary Archives in archive conditions meeting the BS 5454 standard on 12 floors.
 The Coffee With... biography series is a selection of books that contain fictional stories of many famous people but they are based on biographical fact. Some titles include Coffee With Marilyn(Marilyn Monroe) Coffee With Groucho (Groucho Marx) Coffee With The Buddha Coffee With Hemingway (Ernest Hemingway) and many more selections. They are published by DBP Publishing Company.
 Beaver Creek is a 165-mile-long (266 km) tributary of the South Platte River in Colorado. The creek flows from a source in Elbert County to a confluence with the South Platte in Morgan County near Hillrose.
 The Cranesville Historic District is a historic district in Dalton Massachusetts centered on the business and residential proprerties associated with the papermaker Crane and Company. Papermaking began as an industry in Dalton in the early 19th century and was dominated by Zenas Crane's operations by the early 1820s. Crane and Company controlled numerous papermaking operations throughout the Berkshires but it was headquartered in Dalton where the Crane family lived.
 The Brielse Meer (Lake Den Briel) is a long narrow lake between the Dutch estuary islands of Voorne and Rozenburg in the province of South Holland.The lake takes its name from Den Briel a town on its shore. It was formerly a Meuse branch known as Brielse Maas (Den Briel Meuse) which ran from the Botlek strait near Rotterdam into the North Sea.
 New Writings in SF 18 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell the eighteenth volume in a series of thirty of which he edited the first twenty-one. It was first published in hardcover by Dennis Dobson in June 1971 followed by a paperback edition issued by Corgi later the same year.The book collects seven novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with a foreword by Carnell.
 Ubique is a poem by Rudyard Kipling about the Boer War published in The Five Nations in 1903. Ubique ('everywhere' in Latin) is the motto of the Royal Artillery and the Royal Engineers.'Ubique' and 'Quo fas et gloria ducunt' are the mottoes of the Royal Engineers and the Royal Artillery. It was given to them by King William IV in 1832.
 Il Tempo is a daily Italian newspaper. It was founded in Rome Italy by Renato Angiolillo in 1944 and currently publishes the Rome edition (available nationally) and other five local editions (Latina Frosinone Northern Lazio Abruzzo and Molise).In 1996 the former owner Caltagirone Editore sold the newspaper to the Italian builder Domenico Bonifaci.On October 4 2007 the paper switched from Broadsheet format to Berliner.
 Marginella picturata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 Theodore Fitz Randolph (June 24 1826 – November 7 1883) was an American Democratic Party politician who served as the 22nd Governor of New Jersey from 1869 to 1872 and represented the state in the United States Senate for a single term from 1875 to 1881. He was the son of US Representative James F. Randolph.
 Aphelenchoididae is a nematode family in the order Aphelenchida.
 Professor Attahiru Muhammadu Jega is a Nigerian academic and Vice-Chancellor of Bayero University Kano.On 8 June 2010 he was nominated by President Goodluck Jonathan as the new Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) subject to Senate confirmation as a replacement for Professor Maurice Iwu who vacated the post on 28 April 2010.
 The Journal of Automata Languages and Combinatorics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of computer science edited by Jürgen Dassow. It was established in 1965 as the Journal of Information Processing and Cybernetics/Elektronische Informationsverarbeitung und Kybernetik and obtained its current title in 1996 with volume numbering reset to 1.
 Filmworks II: Music for an Untitled Film by Walter Hill features the second release of scores for film by John Zorn. The album was originally released on the Japanese Toys Factory label in 1995 and subsequently re-released on Zorn's own label Tzadik Records in 1996. It features the music that Zorn wrote and recorded for Trespass which not used in favor of a score by Ry Cooder.
 Rozgarty [rɔzˈɡartɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudziądz within Grudziądz County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Grudziądz and 44 km (27 mi) north of Toruń.The village has a population of 103.
 The Iskar Reservoir (язовир „Искър“) is the largest reservoir in Bulgaria. It is situated on the Iskar River and provides 2/3 of the water for the capital Sofia also being used for producing hydroelectricity.The reservoir has a total volume of 673 million m3 of which 580 million are in use and the rest is reserve. The reservoir has a drainage basin of 1046 km² and is 25 km long. It is situated at 820 m above sea level its dam being 204 m long and 76 m high.
 Lewaszówka [lɛvaˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrzębia within Radom County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Jastrzębia 21 km (13 mi) north-east of Radom and 78 km (48 mi) south of Warsaw.
 The black-spotted leaf-toed gecko or scarce ground gecko (Dixonius melanostictus) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family. It is endemic to Thailand.
 Mount Susitna is a 4396-foot (1340 m) mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is located on the west bank of the lower Susitna River about 33 miles (53 km) northwest of Anchorage Alaska. The mountain is a prominent landmark in the Anchorage Alaska area and can be seen across the Knik Arm of the Cook Inlet from most of the city especially at higher elevations.
 The Long-tailed Sibia (Heterophasia picaoides) is a species of Leiothrichidae from South East Asia. The species was once placed in the large family Timaliidae but that family is sometimes split with this species being placed with the laughingthrushes in the family Leiothrichidae. The species is sometimes treated as the only species in the genus Heterophasia with the other species being placed in the genus Malacias.
 Flower In The Rain is a 1972 Hong Kong romantic drama film.
 Full Throttle (烈火戰車) is a 1995 Hong Kong action drama film directed by Derek Yee and starring Andy Lau.
 Jean-Marie Poitras OC OQ (September 5 1918 – February 27 2009) was a Canadian senator.
 Lady Day is a studio album by Amii Stewart released in 2004. The album is the Italian cast recording of a musical based on the life of American jazz and blues singer Billie Holiday co-written by and starring Stewart.
 Gravity's Angels is a collection of science fiction stories by author Michael Swanwick. It was released in 1991 and was the author's first book published by Arkham House. It was published in an edition of 4119 copies. The stories originally appeared in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine Omni and other magazines.
 Sharon Beasley-Teague is an American politician from Georgia. She is a democrat and a member of the Georgia House of Representatives representing the state's 65th district.
 The Alchemy Index is Thrice's fifth studio recording a four-disc concept album that was split between two releases the first in October 2007 and the second in April 2008. The band originally planned to release four discs at once each disc with six tracks representing one of the four elements: Fire Water Earth and Air. A blog titled The Alchemy Index chronicled the album's progress for fans.
 Funland is a 1987 dark comedy film written by Bonnie Turner creator of That 70's Show and Third Rock from the Sun. It was filmed at a Six Flags outside Austell Georgia.
 Profiled is an interview album by English rock group Led Zeppelin released by Atlantic Records on 21 September 1990. Profiled was a promo-only interview CD made to accompany the recently released Led Zeppelin box set. In 1992 it was commercially released as part of the special edition Led Zeppelin Remasters boxed set.
 The Creed is the eighth album released by Christian vocal group Avalon their fifth studio project. It is the first Avalon album to include Greg Long (group member Janna Long's husband) who replaced Michael Passons after his unexpected departure in mid-2003. The Creed debuted and peaked at #104 on the Billboard 200 chart for the week of March 13 2004 and to date has spent a total of eight weeks there.
 Stębark [ˈstɛmbark] (German: Tannenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-east of Ostróda and 40 km (25 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn. The village has a population of 630. Prior to 1945 it was in East Prussia.The immediate district is primarily known for two historic battles which took place there.
 The Nun (French: La Religieuse) is a 2013 French drama film directed by Guillaume Nicloux. The film premiered in competition at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival. It received two nominations at the 4th Magritte Awards winning Best Actress for Pauline Étienne and a nomination at the 39th César Awards to be held on 28 February.
 2012 is a 2009 American science fiction disaster film directed and co-written by Roland Emmerich. It stars John Cusack Chiwetel Ejiofor Amanda Peet Oliver Platt Thandie Newton Danny Glover and Woody Harrelson. It was produced by Emmerich's production company Centropolis Entertainment and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.
 Sütlüce is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 89 people.
 Wirginowo [virɡiˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem within Śrem County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Śrem and 40 km (25 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 90.
 Crotalocephalus is a genus of trilobite that lived from the Late Silurian to the Early Devonian. Its remains have been found in Asia Australia Africa and Europe.
 Col d'Aspin (Occitan: Còth d'Aspin; 1489 metres) is a high mountain pass in the French Pyrenees in the department of the Hautes-Pyrénées. It connects Sainte-Marie-de-Campan in the upper Adour valley with Arreau on the River Neste.
 Lake Beshear is a 760-acre (3.1 km2) reservoir located in Caldwell and Christian counties in Kentucky. Impounded in 1962 the lake lies within the Pennyrile Forest State Resort Park.
 Minha Mãe é uma Peça - O Filme is a 2013 Brazilian comedy film directed by André Pellenz starring Paulo Gustavo and written by him in partnership with Fil Braz. The film is based on the play of the same name created and starred by Paulo Gustavo.
 Lyclene ashleigera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland dipterocarp forests.The length of the forewings is 7-8 mm.
 The William Leaton House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that dates from c.1802 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has also been known as Grassland. It includes Central passage plan and other architecture.The property was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 Naples Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Napoli Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta or Cattedrale di San Gennaro) is a Roman Catholic cathedral the main church of Naples southern Italy and the seat of the Archbishop of Naples. It is widely known as the Cattedrale di San Gennaro in honour of Saint Januarius the city's patron saint but is actually dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
 Company is a book written by Max Barry. In 2006 it became Barry's third published novel following Jennifer Government in 2003. The novel is set in a modern corporation.
 Prince Junio Valerio Scipione Borghese (Artena Province of Rome 6 June 1906 – Cadiz Spain 26 August 1974) nicknamed The Black Prince was an Italian Navy commander during the regime of Benito Mussolini's National Fascist Party and was a prominent hard-line fascist politician in post-war Italy.
 The Main Street – Black River Bridge is a bridge located on Main Street over the Black River in Ramsay Bessemer Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Church of St. Francis Xavier (Lithuanian: Šv. Pranciškaus Ksavero bažnyčia) is located in the Old Town of Kaunas Lithuania. The church dedicated to St. Francis Xavier was built at the Town Hall Square in the Old Town of Kaunas by Jesuits. They opened their first residence in Kaunas in 1642 and established a chapel in the House of Perkūnas in 1643. Later they also founded a first four-form school in the city in 1649.
 Siyavashabad-e Gerdu (Persian: سياوش ابادگردو‎ also Romanized as Sīyāvashābād-e Gerdū) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 168 in 27 families.
 Armando Sanchez (June 15 1952 – April 27 2010) was a Filipino politician. He is a former two-term mayor of Sto. Tomas Batangas and one-term Governor of the Province of Batangas. During his term as Batangas Governor he was also the treasurer of the League of Provinces of the Philippines.
 The Little Stewart River is an 8.9-mile-long (14.3 km) river in Lake County Minnesota United States. It is a tributary of the Stewart River.
 Act of Love is a 1980 made-for-TV film adaptation of the book Act of Love: The Killing of George Zygmanik by Judith Paige Mitchell. It was directed by Jud Taylor and written for screen by Michael De Guzman. It stars Ron Howard Robert Foxworth Mickey Rourke David Spielberg and Jacqueline Brookes. Film also features Married… with Children star David Faustino. The score was composed by Billy Goldenberg.
 Wanzkaer See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 58.5 m its surface area is 2.03 km².
 Vast is a science fiction novel by Linda Nagata part of her loosely connected Nanotech Succession sequence.
 Stare Rożno [ˈstarɛ ˈrɔʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 18 km (11 mi) south of Toruń.The village has a population of 71.
 Heterochrosis oligochrodes is a species of snout moths in the genus Heterochrosis. It was described by Hampson in 1926. It is found in South Africa.
 Krebssee is a lake in Kreis Herzogtum Lauenburg Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Kijowiec [kʲiˈjɔvʲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Zalesie 18 km (11 mi) east of Biała Podlaska and 107 km (66 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
 Bogen Chapel (Norwegian: Bogen kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Bogen. The church is part of the Steigen parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The chapel was built in 1926.
 Almost Home is an EP that contains 3 acoustic tracks from Virginia Coalition's 2008 album Home This Year one studio track from the album and a special version of Green and Grey which can be found on Townburg as well as Live at the 9:30 Club.
 Potrzanowo [pɔtʂaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki within Wągrowiec County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Skoki 16 km (10 mi) south of Wągrowiec and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Rabies (Hebrew: כלבת‎ Kalevet) is a 2010 Israeli film written and directed by Aharon Keshales and Navot Papushado. It is the first Israeli horror film.
 Criodion tomentosum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Saga of Old City is a fantasy novel by Gary Gygax set in the world of Greyhawk which is based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
 The City of Fading Light is a 1985 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary about a Hollywood actress who tries to rescue her Jewish mother from 1939 Berlin. Cleary researched the novel on a trip to Berlin with his family and based the plot on a real British plan to assassinate Hitler prior to the war.
 Chilakamukhi also spelled as Chilkmukhi (Kannada: ಚಿಲಕಮುಖಿ ) is a village in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Chilakamukhi is located northeast to District Headquarters Koppal.
 Niel Lynne is a 1985 Australian film about a young man during the 1960s.
 Jack Lake is a small headwater/ feedwater lake in Ontario Canada within the northern portion of the Kawartha lakes region which is located at the southern end of the Canadian Shield. The clean freshwater lake which has a reasonably complex limnology is located in northern Peterborough County approximately 100 mi (160 km) directly northeast of Toronto.
 Jed Saul Rakoff (born August 1 1943) is a United States District Judge on senior status for the Southern District of New York.
 On Our Backs was the first women-run erotica magazine and the first magazine to feature lesbian erotica for a lesbian audience in the United States (On Our Backs is also a book written by Rosita Sweetman being a look at sexual attitudes in 1980s Ireland).
 Kamenica is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 37 people.
 Miłotki [miˈwɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk within Mława County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Szreńsk 22 km (14 mi) west of Mława and 112 km (70 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 Elisha Allen House is a historic house at 108 Homestead Road in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The house was built in 1738 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Akun Eagle-Owl (Bubo leucostictus) is a species of owl in the Strigidae family. It is found in forests in Central and Western Africa. At 43 centimetres (17 in) it is the smallest eagle-owl in Africa and also the only African rainforest eagle-owl with yellow eyes.
 Fisher Caldera also known as Mount Fisher and Fisher Volcano is a large volcanic caldera measuring about 6.8 miles (11 km) by 11 miles (18 km) located on Unimak Island in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska. Formed by the destructive eruption of an andesitic stratovolcano about 9100 years ago it contains three crater lakes one 2 miles (3.2 km) wide and two others about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) wide. Small peaks rising 2000 feet (600 m) and 2031 feet (619 m) are also present in the caldera.
 Mount Hinokizukia Okumine (桧塚奥峰 Hinokizuka-okumine) is a 1420 m (4659 ft) mountain in Matsusaka Mie Japan.
 Mahbub Mansion also Mahboob Mansion is a palace named after Mahbub Ali Khan Asaf Jah VI the IXth Nizam who lived here occasionally though his permanent residence was the Purani Haveli. It is located in the Malakpet district of Hyderabad.
 Hold-Up is the third album from the French hip-hop group Saian Supa Crew released in 2005.
 Nagaoka is a lunar crater that lies to the southeast of the Mare Moscoviense on the far side of the Moon. To the east of Nagaoka is the somewhat larger Konstantinov.This is a moderately eroded crater formation with the satellite crater Nagaoka W overlapping the northwestern rim. The remainder of the rim remains well-defined although it is overlain by several tiny craterlets. The inner wall has slumped in places forming terrace-like shelves.
 Radomir Naumov (Serbian Cyrillic: Радомир Наумов) (born in 1946 in Čoka) is the former Serbian Minister of Religion and Minister of Mining and Energy in cabinet of PM Vojislav Koštunica. Naumov graduated from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Electrical Engineering. He worked at the Nikola Tesla Electrical Engineering Institute for many years. Naumov was president of Belgrade office of the Democratic Party of Serbia. He is married with two children.
 The Åland Maritime Museum (Swedish: Ålands sjöfartsmuseum) is a museum in Mariehamn in the Åland Islands Finland. It is located in the western part of the town on the sea on Hamangtan about 1 km at the other end of Storangatan. Along with Ålands Museum it is the most important museum in the islands and a monument to the past glory of Alanland's claim as the holder the world’s largest fleet of wooden sailing ships in the past.
 The Western Sorrel Copper (Lycaena orus) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found only in South Africa (Eastern Cape Province Western Cape Province). The habitat consists of fynbos at various altitudes from sea-level to montane regions.The wingspan is 21–27 mm. The butterfly flies year-round peaking in summer.Larval food is Polygonum undulatum and Rumex lanceolatus.
 Richard Linn (born April 13 1944 in Brooklyn New York) is a Senior United States Circuit Judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
 ARKA Gallery (Russian: Галере′я А′РКА tr. Galereja ARKA)is an art gallery located at 6 Bolshaya Morskaya Street in the historical center of Saint Petersburg City Russia. ARKA Gallery specialized in contemporary and modern Russian and Foreign painting and fine art legacy of the Leningrad School artists of 1930-1980s.
 Rajamadam is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India. Rajamadam is 13 km distance from its Taluk Main Town Pattukkottai . Rajamadam is 58.1 km distance from its District Main City Thanjavur . And 320 km distance from its State Main City Chennai .
 The Lincoln Highway in Omaha Nebraska runs east–west from near North 183rd Street and West Dodge Road in towards North 192nd Street outside of Elkhorn. This section of the Lincoln Highway one of only twenty miles that were paved with brick in Nebraska is one of the most well-preserved in the country. The roadway was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Psyche casta is a nocturnal moth from the family Psychidae the bagworm moths. The wingspan of the males ranges from 12 to 15 millimeter. The females do not have wings. The host plants are from the families: Poaceae Birch Willow Poplar and Vaccinium. The caterpillars make a protective hull from grass.The flight time ranges May to July.
 Come On Board is the sixth album by anti-folk artist Jeffrey Lewis and the first credited to Peter Stampfel and Jeffrey Lewis. Peter Stampfel was a founding member of American folk music band The Holy Modal Rounders. In an interview with Audio Antihero for GoldFlakePaint Lewis revealed that a follow up album was due in 2013.
 Democracies: Patterns of Majoritarian and Consensus Government in Twenty-one Countries is a work of comparative politics by world renowned political scientist Arend Lijphart. The book was first published in 1984 through the Yale University Press.
 Blonde Ambition is the third novel in the A-List series by Zoey Dean. It was published in September 2004.
 Ponnavarayankottai is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Qaleh Joq-e Bozorg (Persian: قلعه جق بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh Joq-e Bozorg and Qal‘eh Jaq-e Bozorg; also known as Qal‘eh Jūq-e Bozorg and Qal‘eh Joq-e Jadīd) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District Garmkhan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 54 in 12 families.
 Second Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at 419 W. Washington St. Petersburg Virginia. It was designed by architect and church pastor Theodorick Pryor and was built in 1861-1862 in the Gothic Revival style. It has stucco covered brick walls and a tower that protrudes from the central bay of its three-bay entry facade.
 Myrmecocichla is a genus of chat bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae. Thamnolaea is a synonym.It contains the following species: Anteater Chat (Myrmecocichla aethiops) White-fronted Black Chat (Myrmecocichla albifrons) Arnot's Chat (Myrmecocichla arnoti) Ruaha Chat (Myrmecocichla collaris) Ant-eating Chat (Myrmecocichla formicivora) Rüppell's Black Chat (Myrmecocichla melaena) Congo Moor Chat (Myrmecocichla tholloni) Sooty Chat (Myrmecocichla nigra)
 St Peter's Church is an Anglican parish church in Walworth London in the Woolwich Episcopal Area of the Anglican Diocese of Southwark. It was built between 1823–25 and was the first church designed by Sir John Soane in the wave of the church-building following the Napoleonic wars. It is the best preserved of Soane's churches.It is a Commissioners' church receiving a grant under the Church Building Act 1818 towards the cost of its construction.
 The Jacob Voigt House is located in Mequon Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 One String Leads to Another is the third solo recording by American guitarist Tim Sparks released in 1999.
 Run is a 2002 blockbuster Tamil film directed by N. Linguswamy. The film stars R. Madhavan Meera Jasmine Vivek Atul Kulkarni Raghuvaran and Anuradha Hassan. In 2004 it was remade in Hindi as Run starring Abhishek Bachchan and Bhoomika Chawla.
 Easy as Pie is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1980 and released on the ECM label in 1981.
 Erygia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Utter Hell is the first album of the Norwegian retro thrash metal band Infernö. The music and lyrics are often inspired by German thrash metal bands such as Kreator and Destruction. It was released in 1996.
 Old St Mary's Church West Bergholt is a redundant Anglican church in the village of West Bergholt Essex England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands at a distance from the village close to West Bergholt Hall.
 Seifenbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Kimberly Campbell Buck is a Democratic member of the Mississippi House of Representatives representing the 72nd district. Before serving in the legislature Campbell Buck worked as a policy analyst for Jackson and clerked for the Mississippi Supreme Court.
 Charlotte's Foot (Polish: U stóp Szarloty) is a 2012 Polish comedy-drama film. Charlotte's Foot was sold in December 12 2012 in Sundance Film Festival and premiered in Poland on February 23 2013.
 Bad Lieutenant is a 1992 crime-drama film directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Harvey Keitel as the eponymous bad lieutenant. The screenplay was written by actress-model Zoë Lund. She also played a small role in the film. Lund had been discovered by Ferrara and had starred in his earlier film Ms. 45.The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Kings of Summer (originally Toy's House) is a 2013 American independent coming-of-age comedy-drama film that premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival and received a limited U.S. release in May 2013.
 Znamirowice [znamʲirɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Łososina Dolna 14 km (9 mi) north of Nowy Sącz and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 The S. D. Newton House is a historic house at 8 Sycamore Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1849 and is an excellent local instance of Greek Revival styling. The front facade has a full width porch framed by pilasters and supported by Doric columns. It is topped by a fully pedimented gable end. The house's first known occupant was S. D. Newton a painter.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Scopula conscensa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in India.
 Accounting Organizations and Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier. Its editor-in-chief is Christopher Chapman (Imperial College London).
 The Pârâul Sărat is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Hope for the Flowers is an allegorical novel by Trina Paulus. It was first published in 1972 and reflects the idealism of the counterculture of the period. Often classed as a children's novel it is a fable or parable partly about life partly about revolution and lots about hope – for adults and others including caterpillars who can read.
 The Liza or Lebranche mullet (Mugil liza) is a species of fish in the Mugilidae family. It is found in the western Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea and is fished commercially.
 Coleophora niveistrigella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from Latvia to the Pyrenees and the Alps and from France to Slovakia. It is also found in southern Russia.Adults are on wing from May to July.The larvae feed on Gypsophila fastigiata. They create a tubular silken case of about 15 mm in length. It is covered with sand grains and has a mouth angle of 45-55°. The larva hibernates in the soil.
 Dr Robert Woonton (born 1949) was the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands from 11 February 2002 until 11 December 2004 and is a member of the centrist Democratic Party. A medical doctor by training he became a Member of Parliament (MP) for the island of Manihiki. He became prime minister when his predecessor Terepai Maoate also a member of the DAP resigned after losing a confidence vote.In September 2004 Woonton and his government held on to power with the DAP receiving 14 of the 24 seats.
 Medicine Magazine was a UK consumer magazine focused on health and medical issues. It had a more serious medical and scientific editorial than women's magazines.The magazine was the first consumer magazine in the UK to cover in detail and compare prescription medications and surgical treatments.The magazine also published some articles and news on its website.The company was dissolved on 19 June 2012.
 J. Keith Crisco is a North Carolina businessman and public official. Crisco graduated from Pfeiffer University with a bachelor's degree and from Harvard University with a master's of business administration. He was a White House Fellow. In 1978 he moved back to his native North Carolina to become the president of Stedman Elastics based in Asheboro.
 Çitli is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy Amasya Province Turkey.
 Robert E. Leach was a Republican judge in the U.S. State of Ohio who sat as Chief Justice of the Ohio Supreme Court in 1978.
 Proteocephalinae is a subfamily of tapeworms in the Proteocephalidae family which includes the genus Ophiotaenia.
 Juan Hernández López (March 1859 – ?) was a Puerto Rican politician senator and attorney. He was a member of the Senate from 1921 to 1933 and served as its President pro tempore from 1921 to 1924 under Antonio R. Barceló.
 Timbuctoo is a 1933 British comedy film co-directed by Walter Summers and Arthur B. Woods for British International Pictures and starring Henry Kendall and Margot Grahame. Although BIP had a reputation for churning out films quickly and cheaply in this case they allocated enough of a budget to finance location filming in Africa.
 Grochowalsk [ɡrɔˈxɔvalsk] (German: Gröchenwald) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Dobrzyń nad Wisłą 21 km (13 mi) south of Lipno and 58 km (36 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Life Is Full of Possibilities is an album by Dntel (Jimmy Tamborello) with contributions from several other artists released October 30 2001 on the Plug Research record label. The album is perhaps most famous for leading to the creation of The Postal Service a result of the collaboration with Ben Gibbard on (This Is) The Dream of Evan and Chan.
 So Lucky is Renée Geyer's ninth solo album and the second to be issued in the United States where it was released on the Portrait label. Like its American predecessor on Polydor it was retitled Renee Geyer for the international market. It was co-produced by former Beach Boy Ricky Fataar and she was backed by The Bump Band who were also backing Bonnie Raitt at around the same time.
 Vitamin C is the self-titled debut album by pop singer Vitamin C released in 1999. The album was a runaway success. Initially failing to chart it would later climb the Billboard 200 to #29 and was certified as Gold and later certified Platinum by the RIAA. The Japanese edition featured the song The Only One as a bonus track. The album spawned two hits the Gold-selling Top 20 hit Smile and the Top 40 hit Graduation (Friends Forever).
 Paziella galapagana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Winston Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada. It is about 900 metres (2953 ft) long and 470 metres (1542 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 378 metres (1240 ft) about 60 kilometres (37.3 mi) north of the community of Sioux Lookout. The primary inflow is an unnamed creek from Shea Lake and the primary outflow is Winston Creek which flows into Lac Seul.
 Graves Chapel and Cemetery also known as Graves Church is a historic Methodist church located at Stanley Page County Virginia. It was built in 1856 and is a simple one-story frame church building. It was enlarged about 1870. The center entry and flanking windows on the front gable end have Gothic Revival lancet arches and the gable roof is topped by and open belfry.
 The eastern lowland olingo (Bassaricyon alleni) is a species of olingo from South America where it is known from the lowlands east of the Andes in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Guyana Peru and Venezuela. It is the only olingo species found east of the Andes. The Latin species name honors Joel Asaph Allen the American zoologist who first described the genus Bassaricyon.
 Rose (Brachtpe) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Mountain View Grand Resort & Spa – formerly called the Mountain View House – is a historic grand hotel at 101 Mountain View Road in Whitefield New Hampshire United States.Mountain View Grand Resort & Spa is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 Cosigüina (also spelt Cosegüina) is a stratovolcano located in the western part of Nicaragua. It forms a large peninsula extending into the Gulf of Fonseca. The summit is truncated by a large caldera 2 x 2.4 km in diameter and 500 m deep holding a substantial crater lake (Laguna Cosigüina). This cone has grown within an earlier caldera forming a somma volcano. The earlier caldera rim is still exposed on the north side but has been buried by the younger cone elsewhere.
 Tomato was the fourth and last album of the South Korean girl group Chakra before disbanding. The singles were From me to you True love in this world is a Lie and Why I'm the only One. The album sold about 100000 copies.
 St. Andrew's Episcopal Church built in 1886 is an historic brick Gothic Revival style Episcopal church located at 4th and Poplar streets in Scotland South Dakota United States. On June 17 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.St. Andrew's is no longer an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of South Dakota.
 The Sărișorul Mare River is a tributary of the Neagra Șarului River in Romania.
 The Yezhuga (also Yozhuga Russian: Ежуга Ёжуга) is a river in Udorsky District of the Komi Republic and in Pinezhsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Pinega River. It is 165 kilometres (103 mi) long and the area of its basin 2850 square kilometres (1100 sq mi). The principal tributary is the Yeyuga (right).
 Zachariah Barley Stone House is a historic home located at Rochester in Ulster County New York. It includes the house (c. 1770) hoop shop with attached modern garage (c. 1860) and smokehouse (c. 1850). The house is a 1 1⁄2-story stone dwelling that is rectangular in shape and built upon a linear plan. The hoop shop is a 1 1⁄2-story heavy timer frame building with a gable roof. It features a massive exterior stone hearth.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Pilcaniyeu is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina.
 The Pacific Philosophical Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the School of Philosophy (University of Southern California) and is edited by the faculty there. The journal covers all major areas of philosophy in the analytic tradition sometimes as special issues aimed at a particular topic.
 Szklarka Przygodzicka [ˈʂklarka pʂɨɡɔˈd͡ʑit͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów within Ostrzeszów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) north-west of Ostrzeszów and 118 km (73 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Come Morning is a feature-length dramatic thriller written and directed by Derrick Sims. The film was produced by Fabled Motion Pictures and shot in October 2011 in Cleveland County Arkansas. Come Morning premiered October 21 2012 at the Austin Film Festival. The film won a special jury award for cinematography at the 2013 Oxford Film Festival. In September 2013 the film had its final festival screening at the White Sands International Film Festival.
 Öznurtepe Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa Antalya Province Turkey.
 Još uvek sanjam (Najveći hitovi) (trans. I'm Still Dreaming (Greatest Hits)) is a compilation album by Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Galija.The first five tracks on the album are rerecorded tracks from Galija's old albums and the last six tracks are from Galija's two previous studio albums Daleko je Sunce and Korak do slobode.
 Little Buildings is a compilation album by Gentleman Reg released on November 11 2008. His first release for the Arts & Crafts record label it compiles several tracks from his earlier albums on Three Gut Records as well as one unreleased new song Something to Live For. The album is intended principally for the American market where his earlier albums were not widely distributed.His fourth studio album Jet Black followed in February 2009 on Arts & Crafts.
 Perigea pectinata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found on Cuba and the Dominican Republic.
 Aishwarya (Kannada: ಐಶ್ವರ್ಯ) is a 2006 Kannada movie starring Upendra Daisy Bopanna and introducing Deepika Padukone. The movie was directed by Indrajit Lankesh. It was a remake of hit Telugu movie Manmadhudu. The film featured Upendra as a rich advertisement executive and changed his mass image into a classy one. The film was a commercial success and was among the top 5 hit films of 2006.
 The US Post Office-Old Chelsea Station originally known as Station O is a historic post office building located at 217 West 18th Street in the Chelsea neighborhood of in Manhattan New York City. It was built in 1935 and designed by consulting architect Eric Kebbon for the Office of the Supervising Architect. The building is a seven bay wide two story brick building trimmed in limestone in the Colonial Revival style.
 Shanejan (Persian: شانجان‎ also Romanized as Shānejān and Shānjān; also known as Chakawān Chana‘vān and Keyvān) is a village in Guney-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Shabestar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 111 families.
 The Ocheyedan River is a tributary of the Little Sioux River 58 mi (93 km) long in southwestern Minnesota and northwestern Iowa in the United States. Via the Little Sioux and Missouri Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. The river has been channelized for much of its length.
 Hugh K. Leatherman Sr. (born April 14 1931) is a Republican Party (United States) member of the South Carolina Senate representing the 31st District since 1981. The 31st District is anchored in Florence South Carolina.
 Thomas A. Palangio (born June 14 1962 in Providence Rhode Island) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing District 3 since January 1 2013. Palangio served non-consecutively from January 1993 until 2002.
 Tachystola stenoptera is a moth of the Oecophoridae family. It is found in the Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Queensland South Australia Tasmania Victoria and Western Australia.The larvae live in a flattened silk case between tied dead leaves. They feed on dead leaves of Eucalyptus bicostata Eucalyptus populnea Eucalyptus melliodora and other Eucalyptus species.
 Scratch-As-Catch-Can is a 1932 American short comedy film directed by Mark Sandrich. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 5th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (Comedy).
 Dialogue with Death a book by Arthur Koestler was originally published in 1937 as a section (Part II) of his book Spanish Testament in which he describes his experiences during the Spanish Civil War. Part II of the book was subsequently decoupled from Spanish Testament and with minor modifications published on its own under the title Dialogue with Death (see quotation below). The book describes Koestler’s prison experiences under sentence of death.
 Arrowhead Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 494 along Johnson Creek.Arrowhead Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. The lake is just upstream of Pats Lake.
 Sanders House in Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Mount Hugh Neave is a mountain in east-central British Columbia Canada located between Hobson Lake to the west and Goat Creek to the south. Situated in the Cariboo Mountains of the Columbia Mountains it is the fourth highest mountain in Wells Gray Provincial Park with an elevation of 2829 m (9281 ft).
 Gurudas Dasgupta (Bengali: গুরুদাস দাসগুপ্ত) (borm 1936) is an Indian politician and a leader of the Communist Party of India. He became a member of the Rajya Sabha in 1985. He was elected the General Secretary of the All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC) in 2001. In 2004 He was elected to the 14th Lok Sabha from Panskura in West Bengal. In 2009 He was elected to the 15th Lok Sabha from Ghatal in West Bengal.
 Hurricane Smith is a 1952 adventure film directed by Jerry Hopper.
 For the American novelist see Anne W. Armstrong.Anne Legendre Armstrong (December 27 1927 – July 30 2008) was a United States diplomat and politician and the first female Counselor to the President; she served in that capacity under both the Ford and Nixon administrations. She was also the recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
 William Penn Brooks (November 19 1851 – March 8 1938) was an American agricultural scientist who worked as a foreign advisor in Meiji period Japan in the colonization project for Hokkaidō and the eighth president of the Massachusetts Agricultural College. He is remembered as one of six Founders of Phi Sigma Kappa Fraternity in 1873.
 Lake Gross is an oval-shaped lake. The Polk County Water Atlas says it is sometimes known as Lake Grassy or Lake Grass but no other sources have used these names. Lake Gross is a natural freshwater lake with an 86.57-acre (350300 m2) surface area. It is about 2000 feet (610 m) southeast of Lake Eloise and about 1200 feet (370 m) southwest of Lake Winterset. This lake is on the south fringe of Winter Haven Florida.
 The Linden Looper (Erannis tiliaria) also known under the rather ambiguous name winter moth is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from central Alberta east to Nova Scotia south to Missouri Georgia Utah and Texas.Erannis vancouverensis was considered to be a subspecies of tiliaria for some time but appears to be a separate species.The wingspan is 32–42 mm for males. Females are wingless.
 Swimming Upstream is a 2003 Australian film written by Tony Fingleton and directed by Russell Mulcahy. It stars Jesse Spencer Geoffrey Rush and Judy Davis. It shows the life of Fingleton (Spencer) from childhood to adulthood and dealing with a topsy-turvy family. It is based on Fingleton's autobiography of the same name.The film also stars Good Game host Steven O'Donnell in a minor role as a lifeguard.
 Escape magazine was a landmark British comic strip magazine founded and edited by Paul Gravett and Peter Stanbury. Nineteen issues were published between 1983 to 1989. Eddie Campbell Phil Elliott and Glenn Dakin were amongst the many cartoonists published within its pages.
 Willa Cather House also known as Willa Cather Childhood Home is the house in Red Cloud Nebraska where author Willa Cather grew up.The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.The house is one of eight structures that make up the Willa Cather State Historic Site which is operated by the Nebraska State Historical Society.
 Arthur Hill Gillmor (March 12 1824 – April 13 1903) was a Canadian farmer lumberman and Liberal politician from New Brunswick. He was the son of Daniel and Purmelia Gillmor both native of New Brunswick. He was educated at the St. Andrews Grammar School St. Andrews New Brunswick and later engaged in the local lumber and farming business. Mr. Gillmor married Hannah Dawes Howe of Maine in January 1846. They had four children: Daniel Henry Percy and Delia.Mr.
 Volkhov (Russian: Во́лхов) is a river in Novgorodsky and Chudovsky Districts of Novgorod Oblast and Kirishsky and Volkhovsky Districts of Leningrad Oblast in northwestern Russia. It connects Lake Ilmen and Lake Ladoga and belongs to the basin of the Neva River. The length of the river is 224 kilometres (139 mi) and the area of its drainage basin is 80200 square kilometres (31000 sq mi).
 Blends & Remixes Of Someone Else is Ira Losco's first remix album. It was released in January 2005. Produced by Bridge Productions Blends & Remixes Of Someone Else is a collection of tracks from her previous album Someone Else remixed by top local DJs.Local famous DJs which contributed to this album are REN-D Simon Pisani DJ Ruby Owen Jay Miss Roberta Toby Hooligan and others.
 Samurai from Outer Space: Understanding Japanese Animation is a 1998 book written by Antonia Levi. The book was published in North America by Open Court Publishing Company on December 30 1998.
 The Journal of Exposure Science and Environmental Epidemiology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of environmental health and the effects of toxic substances on humans. It was established in 1991 as the Journal of Exposure Analysis and Environmental Epidemiology and obtained its current name in 2006. The editor-in-chief is Morton Lippmann (New York University).
 Deh Now-e Yek (Persian: ده نو1‎ also known as Deh Now) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 46 in 16 families.
 Endotricha medogana is a species of snout moths in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Wang and Li in 2005 and is known from China (Tibet).The wingspan is 18-21 mm. The forewings are black suffused with ferrugineous scales. The basal area is black decorated with silver gray scales. The hindwings are black with mauve scales and the costal margin is silver-gray.
 Siphoniulus is a poorly known genus of millipede containing only two species: S. alba from Indonesia and S. neotropicus from Mexico and Guatemala. These two species are the only members of the family Siphoniulidae and order Siphoniulida making Siphoniulida the smallest millipede order. Few specimens are known and their classification is contentious although most recent studies place them as basal members of the Helminthomorpha (worm-like millipedes).
 My Bodyguard is a 1980 comedy-drama film released by 20th Century Fox directed by Tony Bill (his directorial debut) and written by Alan Ormsby. The film stars Chris Makepeace Adam Baldwin Matt Dillon Martin Mull and Ruth Gordon.The film was the début of both Baldwin and an uncredited Jennifer Beals and was Joan Cusack's first major film.
 Pride of the Bowery is a black-and-white 1940 film and the fourth installment in the East Side Kids series. It was directed by Joseph H. Lewis and produced by Sam Katzman. It was released by Monogram Pictures on December 15 1940.
 Maghreb Confidential is a newsletter specializing in North African politics and business.
 Zhurje is a village in the municipality of Ndroq in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 The Tampa Review is a literary magazine produced at The University of Tampa in Tampa Florida. It was founded in 1964 as the Tampa Poetry Review and changed to its current name in 1988.The TR has been instrumental in promoting Florida-based writers such as Lisbeth Kent Judith Hemsshemeyer Lola Haskins and Dionisio Martinez in the national stage. Work that has appeared in the journal has also been reprinted in The Best American Poetry series and has won the Pushcart Prize.
 Bhagyada Balegara (Kannada: ಭಾಗ್ಯದ ಬಳೆಗಾರ) is a 2009 Kannada drama film directed by Om Sai Prakash and written by Ajay Kumar. The film features Shivarajkumar and Navya Nair in lead roles whilst Adi Lokesh Anu Prabhakar and Sudharani play the supporting roles.The film featured original score and soundtrack composed by Ilayaraja. The soundtrack included two of the most popular folk songs in Kannada.
 Angel [German pronunciation: [ˈaŋl̩]] is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. The Angel (river) is 38.2 km long and a tributary of the Werse.
 Samaksan is a mountain in the city of Chuncheon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 654 m (2146 ft).
 Dal Khani (Persian: دال خاني‎ also Romanized as Dāl Khānī) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District in the Central District of Ramsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Christopher Peter Sims OBE QPM is the Chief Constable of West Midlands Police (WMP) England's second largest and the United Kingdom's third largest police force.
 Revolutionart (ISSN 2220-444X) is an international magazine about graphic design visual arts and lifestyle. Some of their contributors were Floria Sigismondi Mark Miremont Andrzej Dragan Matt Mignanelli Skew Siskin Jeremyville Mandy Lynn Oliviero Toscani Simone Legno Tino Soriano Lemmy Kilmister Paul Matthaeus and Justin Lassen.
 This is the Sharp is the debut album by Australian pop-rock band The Sharp. It was recorded at Platinum Studios in Melbourne Australia except for track 10 which was recorded in the flat of one of the band members above the flower shop in Collingwood.
 Abbasabad-e Faramishan (Persian: عباس ابادفراميشان‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Farāmīshān; also known as ‘Abbāsābād-e Farāmūshān ‘Abbāsābād-e ‘Amīdī and Farāmīshān) is a village in Astaneh Rural District in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2933 in 703 families.
 Johnson Newlon Camden Jr. (January 5 1865 – August 16 1942) was a United States Senator from Kentucky. His father Johnson N. Camden had been a U.S. Senator from West Virginia.Born in Parkersburg West Virginia Camden Jr. attended Episcopal High School in Alexandria Virginia Phillips Academy in Andover Massachusetts Virginia Military Institute in Lexington Virginia Columbia Law School in New York City and the law school at University of Virginia in Charlottesville.
 Morovetsite is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Gąsawka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Noteć.
 Tao Siju (simplified Chinese: 陶驷驹; traditional Chinese: 陶駟駒; pinyin: Táo Sìjū; born in 1935) was the Minister of Public Security of the People's Republic of China.
 Saatanan radikaalit (eng. Damned Radicals)is a 1971 Finnish film comedy directed and written by Heikki Huopainen and Timo Nissi and starring Heikki Nousiainen.
 Tales in Time is an anthology of science fiction short stories about time (though not necessarily as is usual in the genre time travel) edited by Peter Crowther. It was first published as a trade paperback by White Wolf Publishing in April 1997.
 Wilcze [ˈvilt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widuchowa within Gryfino County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Northern Rock Mouse (Peromyscus nasutus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found in Mexico and the United States.
 Varudu (Telugu: వరుడు) is a 2010 Telugu film directed by Gunasekhar. This film stars Allu Arjun Arya Suhasini Mani Ratnam Ashish Vidyarthi Sayaji Shinde and Brahmanandam. D.V.V. Danayya is the producer of the film. The film was dubbed into Malayalam as Varan and into Hindi as Ek aur Rakshak.
 Crescent is a 1964 studio album by jazz musician John Coltrane released by Impulse! as A-66. It features his jazz quartet group of McCoy Tyner Jimmy Garrison and Elvin Jones playing all original Coltrane compositions with the leader playing tenor saxophone exclusively. It is commonly regarded as the saxophonist's darkest album. Only the brief infectious medium-up Bessie's Blues and a samba-tinged groove in the midsection of the otherwise sedate Wise One break the sombre mood.
 Howard Nugent was a US Republican politician from Michigan who served in the Michigan House of Representatives and was the longest-tenured Speaker in its history. Nugent was a candidate for Lieutenant Governor of Michigan in 1946 losing in the Republican primary to Eugene C. Keyes.Nugent died on May 29 1952 as a result of heart disease from which he was believed to be recovering.
 The smalleyed ray (Raja microocellata) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family. It is found off the coasts of France Ireland Morocco Portugal Spain the United Kingdom and the Western Sahara. Its natural habitats are open seas and shallow seas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Blackwater is the first studio album by the Jacksonville Florida based band MOFRO.The recording was named One Of The Best Of The Decade In Music by amazon.com.The Enhanced CD contains bonus audio and in-studio video.
 Attaqwa Mosque (Sometimes spells Attakkawa Mosque) or San Pa Koi Mosque (Chinese: 訕巴契清真寺; pinyin: shànbāqìqīngzhēnsì Thai: มัสยิดอัต-ตักวา) located on the east side of the Ping River in Chiang Mai is one of the seven Chinese mosques in Chiang Mai province.It was first built in 1967 and finished in 1969 by a group of both Chinese and non-Chinese Muslims.
 Apollo is an enormous impact crater located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. This formation dwarfs the large crater Oppenheimer that is located next to the western rim. The crater Barringer lies across the northern wall. To the southeast is the crater Anders and Kleymenov is just to the east of the rim.Apollo is a double-ringed walled plain whose inner ring is roughly half the diameter of the outer wall.
 Scopula fragilis is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya and Uganda.
 Cleopatra's Daughter (Italian: Il sepolcro dei re) is a 1960 historical drama film set in Egypt during the reign of the pharaoh Khufu (r. 2589-2566 BC). The film starred Debra Paget and was directed by Fernando Cerchio. For some reason the English version was translated very differently from the original Italian script setting the film in the 1st century BC rather than the early Bronze Age.
 Thakita Thakita is a 2010 Telugu film directed by Sreehari Nanu and starring Harsh Vardhan Rane Trinetrudu Karthik Sabesh Haripriya and Nagarjuna Akkineni with music by Bobo Shashi. It marks the production debut of Telugu actress Bhumika Chawla. The plot is a coming of age story which centres around a group of friends finishing college. Thakita Thakita released on 3 September 2010. The film was dubbed in Tamil as Thulli Ezhunthathu Kadhal.
 Rock Bonham...And The Long Road Back is an album released in 2005 by Daniel MacMaster.
 Viva Tour (En Vivo) is the second live album by Mexican recording artist Thalía. It was released on November 12 2013 by Sony Music Mexico in Mexico and was released in the United States on December 1 2013 by Sony Music Latin and later on globally by Sony Music Entertainment. The album was released as a full concert on the following formats : CD + DVD DVD and Blu-ray. The DVD format includes also a behind-the-scenes documentary about Thalia's preparation for the tour.
 The Old State Capitol (Kentucky) also known as Old Statehouse was the third Capitol of Kentucky. The building in Frankfort Kentucky served as the capitol of the Commonwealth of Kentucky from 1830 to 1910. The building has been restored to its American Civil War era appearance. The Kentucky legislature voted for its construction in 1827. The building was designed in the Greek Revival style by Gideon Shryock an early Lexington Kentucky architect.
 Henri Alexander Elias (21 March 1829 – 26 February 1903) was a Dutch civil servant who made a career in the administration on the Dutch Gold Coast.
 A Flame in Hali is a fantasy novel written by Marion Zimmer Bradley and Deborah J. Ross as part of the Darkover series and is set in the Hundred Kingdoms time period. This book is also part three of the Clingfire Trilogy.In terms of Darkover's timeline the book starts about ten years after Zandru's Forge and is a continuation of that story.
 Władysławów Popowski [vwadɨˈswavuf pɔˈpɔfski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno within Zgierz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Głowno 23 km (14 mi) north-east of Zgierz and 28 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Matilda (1824–1846) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the St Leger Stakes in 1827. In a racing career confined to racecourses in Yorkshire she ran nine times and won four races between August 1826 and October 1828. After winning three of her first four races she defeated the Derby winner Mameluke in a controversial race for the 1827 St Leger. She was retired from racing after four unsuccessful races in 1828 and became a broodmare.
 Yasenite is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Margha (Persian: مرغا‎ also Romanized as Marghā; also known as Morghāb) is a village in Dehdez Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 NZ Classic Car is a monthly automotive magazine and website that covers all things related to classic and historic cars events clubs and related car culture in New Zealand and to a lesser extent Australia.It was the first magazine to be published after the inception of Parkside Media.[citation needed] The publication began as a simple idea to put local classic car owners in touch with shows events car clubs and trade professionals and the people chosen to write for the magazine and to highlight the local classic car scene were all passionate about the subject all of them being classic car owners themselves.[citation needed]It is one of the longest running motoring magazines in New Zealand and is the third biggest selling car magazine behind NZ Performance Car and NZ Autocar.The magazine celebrated its 200th issue in August 2007. 
 Scholastykowo [sxɔlastɨˈkɔvɔ] (German: Scholastikowo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipka within Złotów County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Lipka 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Złotów and 125 km (78 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history see Złotów County.The village has a population of 380.
 Kamionka [kaˈmjɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin within Sieradz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Burzenin 22 km (14 mi) south of Sieradz and 66 km (41 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 253.
 The Manicoré Warbling Antbird (Hypocnemis rondoni) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is found in Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Regal Tower is a proposed skyscraper to be constructed on a site bounded by Broad Street Oozells Way and Sheepcote Street in Birmingham England. The proposal consists of a 47 (est.) storey tower measuring 170 metres (558 ft) tall housing retail units a 200-bedroom hotel residential apartments and car parking. Provision has been made for 256 serviced apartments although these could make way for additional hotel space.
 The Park Tower is an historic structure located in the Adams Morgan neighborhood of Washington D.C. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 1988 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Retta Nagala is a village in Muzaffarnagar district Uttar Pradesh India siutated on the Roorkee Road (NH-58) with a population between 5000 to 6000.
 Abdul Rahman bin Hamad Al Attiyah (born 1950) is a Qatari diplomat who served as the fourth secretary general of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC).
 Aurora Reservoir is a 31650 acre foot (39040000 m3) reservoir located in the far southeastern reach of Aurora Colorado. Senac Creek and other minor streams flow into the reservoir's three coves Senac Marina and Lone Tree each pointing to the south. The reservoir provides drinking water to the City of Aurora and is also a recreation area.
 The Minoritenkirche (English: Minorites Church related to the monastic order of the Minor or Franciscan monks) formally called Italienische Nationalkirche Maria Schnee (English: Italian National Church of Mary of the Snows) is a church built in French Gothic style in the Altstadt or First District of Vienna Austria.The site on which the church is built was given to followers of Francis of Assisi in 1224. The foundation stone was laid by Premysl Ottokar II in 1276.
 Made in Ash (Slovak: Až do mesta Aš) is a 2012 Slovak drama film directed by Iveta Grófová. The film was selected as the Slovak entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Memories in My Head is an EP by the band Riverside released by Progteam in Poland and Glassville Records in the rest of Europe on June 20 2011. In North America the EP was released on June 28 2011 by Laser's Edge. Prior to its worldwide release the EP was sold exclusively at live shows being part of the band's 10th Anniversary Tour. The artwork was done by Travis Smith.
 The Sultan Iskandar Building or Bangunan Sultan Iskandar (BSI) (Jawi: باڠونن سلطان إسكندر ) is the largest customs immigration and quarantine (CIQ) in Malaysia. Located at Bukit Chagar Johor Bahru Johor at the former site of the Lumba Kuda flats Kampung Bukit Chagar and recreation park it occupies an area of 232237 square metres (2499780 sq ft). This building is part of the Southern Integrated Gateway project was named after the late Sultan of Johor Almarhum Sultan Iskandar.
 Geruiyeh-ye Bala (Persian: گروئيه بالا‎ also Romanized as Gerū’īyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Rangeet or Rangit (Devanagari रंगीत) is a tributary of the Teesta river the largest river in the Indian state of Sikkim. The Rangeet river originates in the Himalayan mountains in West Sikkim district. A perennial river it is fed by the melting snow of the Himalayas in early summer and the monsoon rains in July–August. It is popular among rafting enthusiasts owing to its turbulent waters. The river flows past the towns of Jorethang Pelling and Legship.
 The Crystal Stopper is a mystery novel by Maurice Leblanc featuring the adventures of the gentleman thief Arsène Lupin.The novel appeared in serial form in the French newspaper Le Journal from September to November 1912 and was released as a novel subsequently. Maurice Leblanc was inspired by the infamous Panama scandals of 1892 and 1893. The novel borrows from Edgar Allan Poe's short story The Purloined Letter the idea of hiding an object in plain sight.
 The East Gate Range is a mountain range in Churchill County Nevada.
 The Alexander Nevsky Church is a Russian Orthodox church in Ganja (Azerbaijan) built in 1887. Services at the church are carried out on Saturdays and Sundays and also during the Twelve Great Feasts and Holidays. Andrey Bezotosny is currently the priest of the church.
 The Pârâul Pintii is a tributary of the Negrişoara River in Romania.
 Långsjön Tyresta is a lake of Södermanland Sweden. It is located in Tyresta National Park.
 Icebreaker is a 2000 action film starring Sean Astin Stacy Keach and Bruce Campbell and written and directed by David Giancola.
 Now Dehak (Persian: نودهك‎) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District in the Central District of Neka County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1835 in 440 families.
 The Empress Hotel (formerly the Empress of India Hotel) was a pub and live music venue located at 714 Nicholson Street in the inner Melbourne suburb of Fitzroy North. The Empress Hotel closed in December 2013.
 Black Cherry is Kumi Koda's 5th studio album. Much like the two best collections before it this album came in three editions; a CD only a CD+DVD and a CD+2DVD version. The first DVD included all but one of Koda's post: second session solo PVs (Futari de…) and the second DVD featured a drama called Cherry Girl which starred Koda in her first acting role as a main character.
 Digital Fortress is a techno-thriller novel written by American author Dan Brown and published in 1998 by St. Martin's Press. The book explores the theme of government surveillance of electronically stored information on the private lives of citizens and the possible civil liberties and ethical implications using such technology.
 Demonic Toys 2 also known as Demonic Toys 2: Personal Demons is a 2010 horror film written and directed by William Butler and produced by Charles Band. It is a slasher film and is a sequel to Demonic Toys and Hideous!.
 Das GEDICHT [ɡəˈdɪçt] About this sound (German lit.The Poem) established 1993 is the largest poetry magazine in the German-speaking world. It was founded by the poet and publisher Anton G. Leitner together with Ludwig Steinherr. Between 1994 and 2007 Leitner served as its sole editor. Since 2008 Leitner has edited the annual periodical with changing co-editors.
 Jānis Urbanovičs is a Latvian politician. Member of the 5th 6th 7th 8th 9th 10th and 11th Saeimas (Latvian Parliament). Leader of the Social Democratic Party Concord in 2005–2010 leader of National Harmony Party. Member of the board of the political block Concord Centre (Saskaņas Centrs).Jānis Urbanovičs was born on March 23 1959 in Rēzekne District in Latvia in a large devoted catholic family of modest means.
 Goin' Down the Road is a 1970 Canadian film directed by Donald Shebib and released in 1970. It chronicles the lives of two men from the Maritimes who move to Toronto in order to find a better life. It starred Doug McGrath Paul Bradley Jayne Eastwood and Cayle Chernin. Despite a lack of production expense it is generally regarded as one of the best and most influential Canadian films of all time and has received considerable critical acclaim for its true-to-life performances.
 The Kings of Jazz featuring Kenny Davern Live in Concert 1974 is technically a Kenny Davern album though the ensemble of musicians accompanying him on this recording add just as much as he to the overall output; Davern was not leader here. Included on the recording are artists like Dick Hyman and Pee Wee Erwin to mention just a few. This is some classic dixieland music with top-notch performers of the medium.
 Greenfield Reservoir is a reservoir in the Saddleworth parish of the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham in Greater Manchester in the English Peak District. Lying within the historic boundaries of the West Riding of Yorkshire it is named after Greenfield which the reservoir lies above. It is on the edge of the Peak District National Park near the A635 road on Saddleworth Moor. It is above the Yeoman Hey Reservoir which in turn feeds into Dovestone Reservoir.
 Gapalphedi is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 5533 and had 1166 households in it.
 Rajiana is a village of Malwa region of Punjab state. It is situated on Moga-Kotkapura highway in Moga district. It takes around 30 minutes by bus from Moga and Kotkapura to reach the village. The village is divided in pattis like Joga Patti Ghoga Patti Wazir patti etc. The people of the village belongs to various religions most of them are Sikhs of Brar clan. The village has three panchayats Rajiana Rajiana Patti Vigha and Rajiana Khurd.
 Kyrie is a double album by Italian singer Mina released in 1980.Released as Vol. 1 and Vol. 2 Kyrie is at ease experimenting and divulging Mina's music into other genres especially rock.
 Siosifa Tuʻitupou Tuʻutafaiva is a Tongan lawyer and politician.
 His Faith in Humanity is a 1914 American silent short film directed by Sydney Ayres starring William Garwood Louise Lester and Vivian Rich.
 Downward to the Earth is a 1970 science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg. It is a tale of the quest for transcendence (a frequent Silverberg theme) set on another planet and includes references to Heart of Darkness Joseph Conrad's classic tale of colonialism including the name of Kurtz.Downward to the Earth was originally published as a four-part serial publication starting in the November 1969 edition of Galaxy Science Fiction. It was nominated for a Locus Award in 1971.
 Mount Aqra` (Arabic: جبل الأقرع‎ ǧabal al-Aqra` [ˈd͡ʒæbæl al ˈʔaqraʕ]); the biblical Hor H'har הר ההר or Zaphon[citation needed] Kel Dağı in Turkish  Mount Casius to the Greeks and Mount Hazzi to the Hurrians) is a mountain located near the mouth of the Orontes River on the Syrian-Turkish border around 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of Ras al-Bassit (ancient Posideium) and around 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Ras Shamra (ancient Ugarit).
 Demetrius Caiphus Newton (March 15 1928 – September 11 2013) was an American civil rights attorney and politician. He filed lawsuits to end desegregation and represented Martin Luther King Jr. Rosa Parks and others in cases related to civil rights. He then served in the Alabama House of Representatives representing the 53rd district from 1986 to his death in 2013.
 Mumej Kheyl (Persian: مومج خيل‎ also Romanized as Mūmej Kheyl and Mowmj-e Kheyl; also known as Mamaj Kheyl Momjeh Kheyl Mumejeheil and Mumejekhel) is a village in Valupey Rural District in the Central District of Savadkuh County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 266 in 76 families.
 Les Enfants du Paradis released as Children of Paradise in North America is a 1945 French film directed by Marcel Carné. It was made during the German occupation of France during World War II.
 St Barnabas' Church Mossley Hill is in Smithdown Place Mossley Hill Liverpool Merseyside England. It stands at the junction of Allerton Road Smithdown Road and Penny Lane. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Liverpool South Childwall the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the diocese of Liverpool. The benefice is united with those of St Matthew and St James Mossley Hill and All Hallows Allerton to form the Mossley Hill Team.
 Euxoa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Pickup is a 2001 novel by South African writer Nadine Gordimer. It tells the story of a couple: Julie Summers a white woman from a financially secure family and Abdu an illegal Arab immigrant in South Africa. After Abdu's visa is refused the couple returns to his unnamed homeland where she is the alien. Her experiences and growth as an alien in another culture form the heart of the work.
 Ocean One is a skyscraper proposed for construction at Jomtien Beach close to Pattaya Thailand. The planned structure will be 367 metres (1204 ft) tall with 91 floors and 587 rooms. The proposed building site is 250 metres from one of Asia's most popular beaches. When completed Ocean One will be the tallest building in Thailand. It is planned mainly for residential use but will also have a conference centre.
 Charles Howard 3rd Earl of Carlisle PC (c.1669 – 1 May 1738) was a British statesman and member of the peerage of England.Charles Howard was the eldest son of Edward Howard 2nd Earl of Carlisle and inherited his title on the death of his father in 1692. He married in 1683 Lady Anne de Vere Capell daughter of Arthur Capell 1st Earl of Essex.He was elected as MP for Morpeth in 1689.
 Emotional Intelligence 2.0 is a 2009 business book by authors Travis Bradberry and Jean Greaves that describes the importance of emotional intelligence to job performance and how individuals and companies can develop emotional intelligence skills through the combination of skill evaluation and the use of research-based strategies.
 Nolynn Baptist Church is a historic church in Hodgenville Kentucky.It was built in 1810 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Silverthrone Caldera is a potentially active caldera complex in southwestern British Columbia Canada located over 350 kilometres (220 mi) northwest of the city of Vancouver and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) west of Mount Waddington in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains. The caldera is one of the largest of the few calderas in western Canada measuring about 30 kilometres (19 mi) long (north-south) and 20 kilometres (12 mi) wide (east-west).
 The Cima Dome & Volcanic Field National Natural Landmark or Cinder Cones National Natural Landmark includes the Cima Dome Cima Volcanic Field and Cima Volcanic Range and is in the Mojave Desert within San Bernardino County California United States. The dome and volcanic field with cinder cones are located within the National Park Service Mojave National Preserve south of Interstate 15 and Baker off Kelbaker Road towards Cima and north of the Kelso Visitors Center and Interstate 40.
 Exoncotis resona is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Bryn Mawr Film Institute is a non-profit community-owned movie theater located in Bryn Mawr Pennsylvania a town on Philadelphia's Main Line. Re-opened in March 2005 with Ben Kingsley present it currently has over 6300 supporting members. BMFI shows a wide range of films including foreign independent and art house films. Film education is an integral part of the theater's mission; BMFI works with area schools and also offers film studies courses for adults.
 Delusion (Croatian: Zavaravanje for Pretense or Faking) is a 1998 Croatian crime-drama film directed by Zeljko Senecic.
 The Captive Temple by Jude Watson is the seventh in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice. The series explores the adventures of Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi prior to Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.
 The Civilization of the Renaissance in Italy (Die Kultur der Renaissance in Italien) is an 1860 work on the Italian Renaissance by Swiss historian Jacob Burckhardt. Together with his History of the Renaissance in Italy (Die Geschichte der Renaissance in Italien; 1867) it is counted among the classics of Renaissance historiography.An English translation was produced by S.G.C.
 Pekmezci is a village in the District of Merzifon Amasya Province Turkey.
 The George Copeland House is located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. The residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 The Florida Journal of International Law is a law review established in 1984 devoted to timely discussion of international legal issues. Recent articles have treated subjects as varied as international trade and commerce law human rights law terrorism national security war crimes international environmental law international intellectual property and maritime law. It is published three times a year and is student-run.
 Autobiografía del general Franco (1992) (English Autobiography of general Franco) is a novel by Manuel Vázquez Montalbán. In 1994 it was awarded the international prize Premio Internacional de Literatura Ennio Flaiano.
 Noble Justice is the debut studio album by American rapper Young Noble released on May 28 2002.
 Podmaine Monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Подмаине) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery built in 15th century by the Crnojević noble family in Podmaine near Budva Zeta (modern day Montenegro) The monastery has two churches smaller and older church of Dormition of the Mother of God was built by Crnojević noble family in the 15th century while bigger church (of St. Petka) was built in 1747.
 St. Marks Presbyterian Church is a historic African-American church in Rogersville Tennessee.The congregation was established in about 1875. William H. Franklin was its first minister serving until 1926. Franklin was also the president of Swift Memorial Junior College in Rogersville with which the church was closely associated. Swift students and faculty were required to attend worship at St. Marks twice each week.The church building is located at the junction of N. Hassen and W.
 Dion is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Timber Toppers is a 1938 American short film by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1939 for Best Live Action Short Film One-Reel.
 Spheterista xanthogona is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii
 Dragons in the Waters (ISBN 0-374-31868-9) is a 1976 young adult murder mystery by Madeleine L'Engle the second title to feature her character Polly O'Keefe. Its protagonist is thirteen-year-old Simon Bolivar Quentin Phair Renier an impoverished orphan from an aristocratic Southern family. The title comes from Psalm 74:13.
 The Pompadour Cotinga (Xipholena punicea) is a species of bird in the Cotingidae family the cotingas. It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Scene of the Crime (French: Le Lieu du crime) is a 1986 French drama film directed by André Téchiné starring Catherine Deneuve Wadeck Stanczak and Danielle Darrieux. The film tells the story of a crumbling family in rural France disrupted by the appearance of a fugitive.
 The Corriher Grange Hall near the Five Points area near Enochville North Carolina was built in 1916. It served historically as a school. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Bourețu River is a tributary of the Valea Rea River in Romania.
 Eksperimentet (English: The Experiment) is a 2010 Danish drama film written and directed by Louise Friedberg and starring Ellen Hillingsø. The film premiered on 28 August 2010 in the Katuaq Culture Centre in Nuuk the capital of Greenland. The release date of the film in Denmark was 9 September 2010.
 Nurse is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1969.
 Son of Maryam (Persian: 'ﭕﺴﺮ مريم' Pesar-e Maryam‎) (1998) is an Iranian drama film directed by Hamid Jebelli and starring Rafik Dergabrilian Mohsen Falsafin Hadi Nainizadeh. The movie is about a young Persian boy who befriends an Assyrian priest and learns tolerance toward Christians in post-revolution Iran.
 Raajneeti (Hindi: राजनीति; Politics) is a 2010 Indian political thriller film directed and produced by Prakash Jha with a screenplay by Anjum Rajabali and Prakash Jha and starring Ajay Devgan Nana Patekar Ranbir Kapoor Katrina Kaif Arjun Rampal Manoj Bajpayee and Naseeruddin Shah in the lead roles. It was originally produced by Prakash Jha Productions and was distributed by UTV Motion Pictures and Walkwater Media. It was shot in Bhopal.
 Ceralocyna parkeri is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak in 1964.
 Lincoln Park United Methodist Church is a historic church at 3120 Pershing Street in Knoxville Tennessee.The church is a brick-veneered frame building that was built in 1926. The identity of its architect is not known but the design suggests the work of Charles I. Barber. The entrance to the building is framed by columns with Doric capitals.
 Midnight Sun released in early 1991 is the follow-up to The Choirboys hit Big Bad Noise.It is still considered by critics and reviewers alike to be one of the best Australian albums of all time.
 Adamów [aˈdamuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budziszewice within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Budziszewice (the gmina seat) 17 km (11 mi) north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki and 37 km (23 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Hunter's Cisticola (Cisticola hunteri) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.It is found in Kenya Tanzania and Uganda.Its natural habitats are tropical moist montane and high-altitude shrubland. It is a dueting species.
 30 Years to Life is a 2001 American comedy film written and directed by Vanessa Middleton. The film marks Middleton's directorial debut and stars Allen Payne Paula Jai Parker and Tracy Morgan.
 Mitrudu (Telugu: మిత్రుడు) is a 2009 Telugu film directed by Mahadev. Nandamuri Balakrishna plays the lead role with Priyamani playing the female Lead. Ranganath Chandra Mohan Brahmanandam Dharmavarapu Subramanyam Deepak Ali Krishna Bhagavan Venu Madhav are doing supporting roles in this film. Music of the film is by Mani Sarma.
 Aakhri Goli is a 1977 Bollywood action film directed by Shibu Mitra. It stars Sunil Dutt and Leena Chandavarkar in pivotal roles.
 Sweetwater Creek is a 45.6-mile-long (73.4 km) stream in the U.S. state of Georgia west of Atlanta. It begins in southwestern Paulding County flowing generally eastward into southwestern Cobb County then turning south into eastern Douglas County. It is a tributary of the Chattahoochee River and near its end it is the centerpiece of Sweetwater Creek State Park. Since 1904 there has been a stream gauge near Austell (actually in Lithia Springs) at latitude 33°46'22N longitude 84°36'53W.
 Petrovice I is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Bradley Owen (born May 23 1950) is an American politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party and currently serves as the 15th Lieutenant Governor of Washington. Owen is the longest currently serving Lieutenant Governor in the United States. In the event of the governor leaving office Owen would assume the position of governor until a special election could be held.Owen was a small business owner before entering politics.
 Back to God's Country is a 1927 silent film Northwoods adventure based on James Oliver Curwood's story Wapi the Walrus. The film was directed by Irvin Willat and stars Renée Adorée usually an MGM actress. The film is a remake of the 1919 film Back to God's Country which starred Nell Shipman.
 The Anantara Towers is a group of three towers in Jumeirah Lake Towers Free Zone in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The three towers are Anantara Hotel Jumeirah Lake Apartments and Jumeirah Lake Offices. Anantara Hotel is the tallest of the three with 45 floors standing at 234 metres (768 feet). The other two towers have a height of 219 metres (719 ft) with 40 floors. Although construction has begun they are currently on-hold due to a change of contractor.
 Latiaxis lischkeanus is a species of medium-sized sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Coralliophilinae of the family Muricidae.
 Matthew Matt Entenza is a Minnesota lawyer and politician who served six terms in the Minnesota House of Representatives and also ran for state attorney general. He served as House Minority Leader from 2003–2006 stepping down to focus on the attorney general's race. He withdrew from that race on July 18 2006.Entenza sought the office of governor in 2010.
 The Pătrăuțeanca River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 Holovousy (Jičín District) is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Martha Craig Daughtrey (also known as Cissy Daughtrey) (born July 21 1942) is a senior judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Born Covington Kentucky Daughtrey received a B.A. from Vanderbilt University in 1964 and a J.D. from Vanderbilt University Law School in 1968. She was briefly in private practice in Nashville Tennessee in 1968 then became an assistant United States Attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee stationed in Nashville from 1968 to 1969.
 The Centre at Salisbury is an 862000-square-foot (80100 m2) super-regional mall owned by Rouse Properties in Salisbury Maryland. The mall is the only regional shopping mall in a 60-mile (97 km) radius. The main anchor stores include Macy's Boscov's Sears JCPenney and Dick's Sporting Goods and it also features a 16 screen cinema stadium-style Regal Cinemas movie theater that opened in 2005 in the space formerly occupied by Montgomery Ward.
 The General Zapped an Angel is a collection of nine science fiction and fantasy stories written by Howard Fast published by William Morrow and Company in 1970. A paperback edition from Ace Books followed later that year as did an Italian translation. The Ace paperback was reissued in 1978.
 Ion Lowndes Farris (September 14 1878 – November 10 1934) was an American politician and attorney from the state of Florida. He served as both a member of the Florida House of Representatives and the Florida Senate. He served twice as the Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives at a time when the legislature meet only once every two years in both 1909 and 1913 and President of the Florida Senate in 1913.
 The Church of St Mary and St David is a Church of England parish church at Kilpeck in the English county of Herefordshire about 5 miles from the border with Monmouthshire Wales. It is famous for its Norman carvings.
 Quelques jours avec moi (English title A Few Days With Me) is a French film by director Claude Sautet released in France in 1988. It received three César Award nominations in the 1989 Festival's edition.
 The Crinkle-collared Manucode (Manucodia chalybatus) is a medium-sized up to 36 cm long greenish blue black and purple-glossed bird-of-paradise with a long graduated tail red iris and iridescent green breast feathers. Both sexes are similar with a slightly smaller and less purple female.This species resembles the Jobi Manucode in appearance distinguished by its bronzed yellow-green neck feathers.
 Philine umbilicata is a species of sea snail a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Philinidae the headshield slugs.
 The Beloit Daily News is a daily newspaper that has served Beloit Wisconsin and the stateline area since 1848. The newspaper is owned by Duane Hagadone and the Hagadone Newspaper Group.
 Dr. Dalhatu Umaru Sangari was elected Senator for the Taraba South constituency of Taraba State Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic running on the All People's Party (APP) platform. He took office on 29 May 1999.Sangari gained a doctoral degree in Land Resources Development from the University of Ibadan.He was a lecturer in geography and researcher at Bayero University Kano for 16 years before entering politics.
 Großer Koserbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Childish Things is a 2005 album by singer-songwriter James McMurtry (see 2005 in music). It was awarded the 2006 Americana Music Association Album of the Year Award. The song We Can't Make It Here was named the best song of the 2000s decade by music critic Robert Christgau.
 The Sisters is a short story by James Joyce the first of a series of short stories called Dubliners. The Irish Homestead Journal originally published The Sisters on 13 August 1904. It was Joyce's first published work of fiction. Joyce later revised the story and had it along with the rest of the series published in book form in 1914.
 The former St. Alban's Episcopal Church is an historic stone Late Gothic Revival-style Episcopal church located on the southwest corner of Hammond and Eastern avenues in Lidgerwood North Dakota. On December 3 1992 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. As of that date the building housed Harmony Lodge No. 53 of the Ancient Free & Accepted Masons. Harmony Lodge founded in 1899 surrendered its charter in 1994.
 Ginger Snaps Back: The Beginning is a 2004 Canadian horror film and a prequel to Ginger Snaps and Ginger Snaps II: Unleashed. The third film in the Ginger Snaps trilogy takes place in 19th century Canada following the exploits of the antecedents of the Fitzgerald sisters of the two previous movies: Ginger (Katharine Isabelle) and Brigitte (Emily Perkins) who are identical in all respects to their modern-day counterparts.
 Roger Leo Bernashe is an American politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1959 to 1971 and the Massachusetts Senate from 1971 to 1979. Outside of politics he worked in insurance and real estate.
 Dove Lake is a corrie lake near Cradle Mountain in Tasmania Australia. It lies in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park. The lake is a very popular visitor attraction and is encircled by well maintained walking paths which also lead up onto Cradle Mountain.Like several other lakes in the region Lake Dove was formed by glaciation. The habitat is unique and includes the Tasmanian deciduous beech (Nothofagus gunnii) tussock grasses snow gums and pencil pines.
 Under Proof is a 1936 British comedy crime film directed by Roland Gillett and starring Betty Stockfeld Tyrell Davis and Judy Kelly. A man is threatened into joining a gang of smugglers.
 The Fortescue River is an ephemeral river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. It is the third longest river in the state.The river rises near Deadman Hill in the Ophthalmia Range about 30 km south of Newman. The river flows in a northerly direction parallel with the Great Northern Highway until it crosses the highway just south of the Marble Bar turn-off. The river then runs north-west then west crossing the Great Northern Highway again north of the Auski Roadhouse.
 O'Neill Forebay is a forebay to the San Luis Reservoir created by the construction of O'Neill Dam across San Luis Creek approximately 12 miles (19 km) west of Los Banos California United States on the eastern slopes of the Pacific Coast Ranges of Merced County.
 Item One (Bulgarian: Точка първа) is a 1956 Bulgarian drama film directed by Boyan Danovski. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
 Blue Gator is the third album led by saxophonist Willis Jackson featuring organist Jack McDuff and guitarist Bill Jennings which was recorded in 1959 and 1960 and released on the Prestige label.
 A Yank in Libya is a 1942 American film directed by Albert Herman.
 One Love is the fourth studio album by French DJ David Guetta first released in the United Kingdom on 24 August 2009 through Virgin Records. Guetta's first major international release the album received generally favourable reviews from music critics and was a commercial success selling over 3 million copies globally.
 Caleb Rodney (April 29 1767 – April 29 1840) was an American merchant and politician from Lewes in Sussex County Delaware. He was a member of the Federalist Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly and as Governor of Delaware.
 The Jewish Museum in Prague (Czech: Židovské muzeum v Praze) is a museum of Jewish heritage located in Prague Czech Republic.The Jewish Museum in Prague was founded in 1906 by historian Dr. Hugo Lieben and Dr. Augustin Stein who later became head of the Prague Jewish Community. The goal was to preserve artifacts from the Prague synagogues demolished during the Urban renewal of the old Jewish Quarter in the beginning of the 20th century.
 Cyborg IV is a science fiction/secret agent novel by Martin Caidin that was first published in 1975. It was the fourth and final book in a series of novels Caidin began in 1972 with Cyborg profiling the adventures of astronaut Steve Austin who becomes a spy for the American government after an accident that requires the replacement of numerous body parts with high-powered machines.
 Dudhouli is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5548 people living in 1020 individual households.
 Baap re Baap Dokyala Taap is a Marathi film released on 12 September 2008. The movie has been produced and directed by Kaanchan Adhikkari. The plot of the movie is based on how the presence of a young boy turns two families into a chaotic comedy circus.
 Bedauli is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3839 people living in 634 individual households.
 The Great Alaskan Mystery is a 1944 Universal film serial about government agents trying to stop Nazi spies from getting their hands on futuristic weapons.
 The Toast Rack or the Hollings Building by its official name is a university building in Manchester England. The building was completed in 1960 and has been used continuously by Manchester Metropolitan University since opening. It was designed by the city architect Leonard Cecil Howitt and is known as the Toast Rack due to its distinctive form.The pre-eminent architecture critic Nikolaus Pevsner described the building as a perfect piece of pop architecture.
 Come My Way is the first studio album by Marianne Faithfull. The album was arranged by acoustic guitarist Jon Mark. The cover photography is by Gered Mankowitz.
 Punk Goes 90's is a compilation of the Punk Goes... series created by Fearless Records that features artists covering popular songs from the 1990s. The cover art references Nirvana's iconic Nevermind cover on which In Bloom originally appeared.
 Cătălin Sorin Ivan (born 23 December 1978) is a Romanian politician who since the 2009 election has been a Member of the European Parliament for Romania representing the Social Democratic Party. He is the Leader of the Romanian delegation to the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats Group in the European Parliament.
 Greifensee (or Lake Greifen meaning griffin) is a small lake in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
 Hollywood Interrupted: Insanity Chic in Babylon - The Case Against Celebrity is a book and website authored by Mark Ebner with co-author Andrew Breitbart. The book was published in 2004 by John Wiley and Sons. The writing focuses primarily on what Ebner sees as the disconnected self-indulgent nature of Hollywood culture. The book was on the New York Times Best Seller list and was also a Los Angeles Times bestseller.
 Taktika noja is the eighth album of the Croatian rock band Aerodrom released through Menart Records in december 2012. The album debuted at #23 on the official Croatian Top 40 chart and peaked at #13 in the second week. Two new members performed on the record guitarist Ivan Havidić (also performed on live album Hitovi i legende) and drummer Damir Medić.
 Seeing Calvin Coolidge in a Dream is a 1996 book by John Derbyshire.
 Raphidiidae is a family of snakeflies in the order Raphidioptera.
 The Jakismani monastery (Georgian: ჯაყისმანის მონასტერი jak'ismanis monasteri also spelled Jaqismani) is a medieval monastic church in Georgia some 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of the town of Vale Akhaltsikhe Municipality Samtskhe-Javakheti region. It was repopulated by monks in 2010.
 Stefanowo [stɛfaˈnɔvɔ] (German: Stefansdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Babiak 16 km (10 mi) north of Koło and 121 km (75 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Crisis is the third studio album from American punk rock band The Deadweights. The album was released in September 1985 on Slash Records and charted on the Billboard Top 200 upon release. The album was produced by legendary punk producer Spot and Nick Fulton of the band Xes. The album is considered to be the band's best offering and places in many definitive punk albums lists.
 Maja e Thatë is a 2406 m (7894 ft) high mountain peak of the Albanian Alps (Prokletije) in Albania. It is located within Valbonë Valley National Park roughly 2 km (1 mi) northwest of Valbonë and it has a high relative altitude of more than 1500 m (4921 ft) from the village.
 111 W. Wacker (formally Waterview Tower) is a skyscraper under construction in downtown Chicago Illinois United States. The original plan called for it to be 1047 ft (319 m) tall.In May 2008 construction ceased after the parking garage portion and most of the hotel floors were completed.
 Keravere is a village in Martna Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 Parabuteo is a genus of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family. It contains the following species: Harris's Hawk (Parabuteo unicinctus) White-rumped Hawk (Parabuteo leucorrhous)
 Capitol Center South Tower is a high rise in Indianapolis Indiana. It was completed in 1987 and is 22 stories tall. It is primarily used for office space.
 Buccinum pulchellum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae the true whelks.
 The Ecuadorian Tyrannulet (Phylloscartes gualaquizae) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Ecuador and Peru.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Hohenkarpfen is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is a popular tourist destination due to its picturesque shape and the view over the Black Forest. The peak has been a nature reserve since the 1930s.
 The Blunderer (1954) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith.The Blunderer was Highsmith's third book written in between Strangers on a Train and The Talented Mr Ripley.
 Andesaurus (/ˌændɨˈsɔrəs/ AN-də-SAWR-əs; Andes lizard) is a genus of basal titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur which existed during the middle of the Cretaceous Period in South America. Like most sauropods it would have had a small head on the end of a long neck and an equally long tail.
 Waves of Sound is a 2000 album by Israeli DJ Yahel Sherman.
 Manjinqan (Persian: منجينقان‎ also Romanized as Manjīnqān; also known as Manjeghan Manjeqān Menjqān and Minjgān) is a village in Duzaj Rural District Kharqan District Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 287 in 76 families.
 Agni Sakshi is a Tamil language film directed by K. Balachander starring Sivakumar and Saritha in the lead roles. Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan play a short cameo as themselves. Saritha was portrayed as a Schizophrenia patient in this film. The movie was a box office failure. However Saritha won Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actress.
 Fouad Mebazaa (Arabic: فؤاد المبزع ‎ Fuʾād al-Mubazzaʿ; born 15 June 1933) is a Tunisian politician who was President of Tunisia from 15 January 2011 to 13 December 2011. He was active in Neo Destour prior to Tunisian independence served as Minister of Youth and Sports Minister of Public Health and Minister of Culture and Information and was President of the Chamber of Deputies of Tunisia from 1997 to 2011.
 Sir William Edward Leonard Shenton (1885–1967) was an English solicitor worked in Hong Kong.Born on 18 March 1885 in Winchester Hampshire England he was the son of William Shenton and Eleanor Johnson. He went to the Northgate School at St. Thomas Hampshire around 1901. He arrived in Hong Kong in 1908 and rose to the head of the well-known Hong Kong legal firm of Deacons.
 The Hajji Abdul Rahman Mosque (Dari: مسجد حاجی عبدالرحمان; Pashto: د عبدالرحمان جومات‎) also known as the Grand Mosque of Kabul is one of the largest mosques in Afghanistan. It is located in one of Kabul's commercial areas called Deh Afghanan near the Pashtunistan Square and across from the once popular Plaza Hotel. The building is a three story which is built on 3.5 acres of land.
 The western skink (Plestiodon skiltonianus) is a species of small smooth-scaled lizard with relatively small limbs. It measures about 100 to 210 mm (about 4 to 8.25 inches) in total length (body + tail). It is one of five species of lizards in Canada. Western skinks are very adaptable. They spend much of their day basking in the sun. Their diet ranges widely including spiders and beetles.
 The Crisscross Shadow is Volume 32 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Richard Cohen in 1953. Between 1959 and 1973 the first 38 volumes of this series were systematically revised as part of a project directed by Harriet Adams Edward Stratemeyer's daughter.
 Rulice [ruˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy within Łowicz County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Bielawy 17 km (11 mi) west of Łowicz and 34 km (21 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Development Southern Africa the journal of the Development Bank of Southern Africa publishes articles that reflect innovative thinking on key development challenges and policy issues facing South Africa and other southern African countries.
 The Mera (Maira in Switzerland) is a river in Switzerland and Italy. Its source is near the Maloja Pass in Graubünden Switzerland. It flows west through the Val Bregaglia (Bergell) and crosses the Italian border near Soglio. It is joined by the Acquafraggia close to Piuro and then turns south at Chiavenna just before it receives the river Liro from the right at Prata Camportaccio. The Mera ends in Lake Como near Sorico in the Province of Como.
 Malacoctenus gigas the Sonora blenny is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Gulf of California. It is a shallow water species inhabiting patches of seaweed on reefs. This species can reach a length of 13 centimetres (5.1 in) TL.
 Rudolfin [ruˈdɔlfin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień within Chełm County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Kamień 11 km (7 mi) east of Chełm and 75 km (47 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 El Moixer is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1443 metres above sea level.
 Party Going is a 1939 novel by British writer Henry Green (real name Henry Vincent Yorke).It tells the story of a group of wealthy people travelling by train to a house party. Due to fog however the train is much delayed and the group takes rooms in the adjacent large railway hotel. All the action of the story takes place in the hotel.
 Jabłonna [jaˈbwɔnna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rydzyna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Rydzyna 16 km (10 mi) south of Leszno and 78 km (48 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Black Echo is the 1992 début novel by American crime author Michael Connelly. This is the first of Connelly's Bosch series. The book won the Mystery Writer's of America Edgar Award in 1992.
 Nightrise is the third book in The Power of Five series written by Anthony Horowitz. It was published and released in the UK on 2 April 2007 by Walker Books Ltd. It is preceded by Evil Star released in 2006 and followed by Necropolis which was released on 30 October 2008. The title refers to a fictional organisation represented in the book. And also it refers to the Old Ones' presence on Earth and their spreading darkness.
 Krzymowskie [kʂɨˈmɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) west of Biała Podlaska and 92 km (57 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 200.
 Once Upon a Time is the seventh studio album by Simple Minds released in 1985.Although already successful in their native UK and Europe the band had also now become popular in the US mainly due to the Keith Forsey-penned Don't You (Forget About Me) which appeared on The Breakfast Club soundtrack and had become a No.1 hit there. However the band deliberately left the track off the album due to their reluctance to record it.
 Mount Cornwell is located on the Continental Divide on the boundary between British Columbia and Alberta along the spine of the Park Ranges of the Canadian Rockies. The mountain was named in 1918 after boy hero John Cornwell a sixteen-year-old crewman aboard HMS Chester which was severely damaged in the Battle of Jutland. Cornwell was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery during the battle. Mount Chester was also named after his ship.
 James Smith House is a historic colonial house at 706 Great Plain Avenue in Needham Massachusetts.The house was built in 1730 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Urophora stalker is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
 Croagh Patrick (Irish: Cruach Phádraig meaning (Saint) Patrick's Mountain) nicknamed the Reek is a 764 metres (2507 ft) mountain and an important site of pilgrimage in County Mayo in Ireland. It is 8 kilometres (5 mi) from Westport above the villages of Murrisk and Lecanvey. It is the third highest mountain in County Mayo after Mweelrea and Nephin. It is climbed by pilgrims on Reek Sunday every year which is the last Sunday in July.
 The Infernal Storm is the fourth studio album by the American death metal band Incantation. The album was released in 2000 on Relapse Records (US) Moria Records Brazil and as PLP on Morbid Records.
 Amorphoscelis orientalis is a species of praying mantis native to Kenya Somalia and Tanzania.
 The White Tower is a 2732 metres (8963 ft) peak in British Columbia Canada. Its line parent is Fusilier Peak 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) away.It is part of the Tower of London Range of the Muskwa Ranges in the Canadian Rockies.The White Tower is named after the White Tower of the Tower of London.Other mountains in the area are also named after the Tower including North Bastion Mountain South Bastion Mountain and Tower Mountain which overlooks the south end of Wokkpash Lake.
 Hamilton County Courthouse Complex is a historic courthouse complex located at Lake Pleasant in Hamilton County New York. The complex consists of three buildings: an 1848 Greek Revival style stone jail with 1940 stone addition the 1929 brick courthouse and county clerk's office building also built in 1929. The Colonial Revival style buildings replaced the original 1843 wood frame courthouse and clerk's office.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Sparsh (Devnagari: स्पर्श in English: Touch) is a 1980 Indian Hindi feature film directed by Sai Paranjpye. It stars Naseeruddin Shah and Shabana Azmi playing the characters of a visually impaired principal and a sighted teacher in a school for the blind where they fall in love though soon their complexes tag along and they struggle to get past them to reconnect with the touch of love.
 Mopalia hindsii is a species of medium sized chiton that grows up to 7 cm long. Most commonly found in intertidal zones M. hindsii enjoys protected areas and has a white ventral side unlike most intertidal chitons that are orange underneath.
 Khaneqah-e Razab (Persian: خانقاه رزاب‎ also Romanized as Khāneqāh-e Razāb; also known as Khānāgah Khān Āgāh Khānaqāh Khān Āqāh Khāneqāh and Khāneqāh-e Zar Āb) is a village in Razab Rural District in the Central District of Sarvabad County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 123 in 28 families.
 The Filfola Lizard or Maltese Wall Lizard (Podarcis filfolensis) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.It is found in Italy and Malta.Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation rocky areas rocky shores arable land pastureland and rural gardens.
 I Will Fight No More Forever is a 1975 made-for-television movie starring James Whitmore as General Oliver O. Howard and Ned Romero as Chief Joseph. It is a dramatization of Chief Joseph's resistance to the U.S. government's forcible removal of his Nez Perce Indian tribe to a reservation in Idaho.
 Charles Willis Pickering Sr. (born May 29 1937) is a retired federal judge who served on the United States District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi and briefly on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
 Steven Del Duca is a Canadian politician who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in a by-election on September 6 2012. He represents the electoral district of Vaughan as a member of the Ontario Liberal Party caucus.Prior to his election Del Duca was director of public affairs for the Carpenters’ District Council of Ontario. Previously he was an aide to Dalton McGuinty when he was leader of the opposition.
 The Water Bronze or Water Blue (Cacyreus tespis) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found from South Africa to Ethiopia.The wingspan is 15–25 mm for males and 17–25 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round in warmer areas but usually from August to May. At higher altitudes adults are on wing in December and January.The larvae feed on the buds and green seeds of Geranium and Pelargonium species.
 The Colville River is a 60 mile (100 km) long tributary of the Columbia River in northeastern Washington in the United States.
 Robert Michael James Gascoyne-Cecil 7th Marquess of Salisbury KCVO PC DL (born 30 September 1946) is a British Conservative politician. During the 1990s he was Leader of the House of Lords under his courtesy title of Viscount Cranborne. Lord Salisbury lives in one of England's largest historic houses Hatfield House which was built by an ancestor in the early 17th century and he currently serves as Chancellor of the University of Hertfordshire.
 Mount Myōkō (妙高山 Myōkō-san) is an active stratovolcano in Honshu Japan. It is situated at the southwest of Myōkō city Niigata Prefecture and a part of Joshinetsu Kogen National Park. Mount Myōkō is listed as one of 100 Famous Japanese Mountains and together with Mount Yahiko (弥彦山 Yahiko-yama) it is well known as the famous mountain of Niigata Prefecture.
 Amata dimorpha is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bytinsky-Salz in 1939. It is found in Armenia and Turkey.
 The Journal of Environmental Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier since 1980. Since 2002 its editor in chief is Robert Gifford (University of Victoria). The journal reports scientific research on human interactions with the built and natural environment with an emphasis on the individual and small-group level of analysis.
 Miar Peak is a mountain in Hispar Valley in the Gilgit District of Northern Areas of Pakistan. It lies southeast of Diran peak (7257 m) and northwest of Malubiting peak (7428 m).
 Francis Alexander Hopkins (May 27 1853 - June 5 1918) was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky.Born in Jeffersonville Virginia Hopkins attended the public schools and the Tazewell High School. He studied law. He was admitted to the bar in November 1874 and commenced practice in Prestonsburg Kentucky. He also engaged in agricultural pursuits. He served as commissioner of common schools 1882-1884.
 The German-language Treue der Union Monument (loyalty to the Union) is located in the Kendall County community of Comfort in the U.S. state of Texas. It was dedicated on August 10 1866 to commemorate those who died at the 1862 Nueces massacre. Thirty-four were killed some executed after being taken prisoner. With the exception of those drowned in the Rio Grande the remains of the deceased are buried at the site of the monument.
 This article is about Kate Atkinson's book of short stories. For Geraldine McCaughrean's young adult novel see Not the End of the World (young adult novel); for Christopher Brookmyre's crime novel see Not the End of the World (crime novel)Not the End of the World is a short story collection by British writer Kate Atkinson. It is mostly set in Scotland and an experiment in magic realism.
 Suspense Digest is the largest circulated monthly Urdu language suspense magazine in Pakistan. The approximately 320-page magazine is published by Jasoosi Publications. The first issue was launched in January 1972. The publication has been a member of the All Pakistan Newspapers Society since 24 August 1986.The Jasoosi digest publications released other various digest like Pakiza Sergazist and Dilkash. These family Urdu magazines are very famous in Pakistan.
 Cheerful Weather for the Wedding (1932) is a novella by Julia Strachey. Published by the Hogarth Press in 1932 it tells the story of a brisk March day in England somewhere on the Dorset coast during which Dolly is due to marry the Honourable Owen Bigham.
 A Year with Swollen Appendices is a book by Brian Eno.
 EP3 is a 2006 bastard pop EP by The Kleptones. This is the last in a series of three EPs that were released in the three weeks preceding the release of the double album 24 Hours.The first track of this EP is included on the album 24 Hours although the audio clips sampled are not the same. The remaining tracks are B-sides which are no longer obtainable on the official site of The Kleptones.
 Dollbek is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Linguistic and Philosophical Investigations is a peer-reviewed philosophy journal that publishes articles that treat the foundations of language; the journal deals with linguistic and philosophical issues.
 Seville Theatre also known as the Bryn Mawr Theatre is a historic theatre building located at Lower Merion Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1926 and is a two-story three bay wide rectangular steel frame building in the Beaux-Arts style. It measures 56 feet wide and 265 feet deep. It was designed by noted theatre architect William Harold Lee (1884-1971).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Christmas by the Bay recorded at the Sail Loft in the Washington Navy Yard is Burl Ives's last original Christmas album. It includes only one new Christmas song by Ives: The Sense of Christmas. The other songs are new performances of previously recorded songs: Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer; A Holly Jolly Christmas; Christmas by the Bay (cf. Christmas at the White House 1972); White Christmas (cf. Have a Holly Jolly Christmas 1966); and The Friendly Beasts (cf.
 Rybalnia [rɨˈbalɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki within Suwałki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Szypliszki 20 km (12 mi) north of Suwałki and 127 km (79 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Revolutionary is a 1970 film directed by Paul Williams. The screenplay was written by Hans Koning (credited as Hans Koningsberger) based on his novel of the same name. It was the film debut for actor Jeffrey Jones.
 Saturn Club is a clubhouse building located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It is a Tudor Revival structure designed by the local architectural firm of Bley & Lyman and opened in 1922.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Artistic Transformations: Themes and Variations is a compilation soundtrack made up of music from The Transformers: The Movie all performed on piano by the film's composer Vince DiCola. It was first released as an exclusive at the 2001 BotCon convention. However it is now commercially available.
 Kohan-e Sabz (Persian: كهن سبز‎; also known as Kahn-e Gījeh (Persian: كهن گيجه)) is a village in Dehaj Rural District Dehaj District Shahr-e Babak County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 261 in 45 families.
 Mansurabad (Persian: منصوراباد‎ also Romanized as Manşūrābād; also known as Mansoori and Manşūr) is a village in Allahabad Rural District Zarach District Yazd County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 9 families.
 Hebbecke (Wupper) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Heart to Heart is a 1949 American short documentary film about heart disease directed by Gunther von Fritsch. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 The Steam Man of the West is a steampunk western action and adventure book series by American author Joseph A. Lovece.
 Fissurella verna is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.
 Microgomphus nyassicus is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Tanzania Zambia and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
 Don't You Rise is an EP released in 2009 by New Zealand band The Bats.
 Straight is a 2009 Indian film starring Vinay Pathak and Gul Panag in the lead roles. It is directed by Parvati Balagopalan and produced by Idream Productions. The film is also shot in a restaurant in Leicester square London and some parts are shot in Wembley. This movie marks the debut of a new actor named Anuj who plays a part in the love triangle. It also features Siddhartha Makkar Rasik Dave Ketki Dave and Damandeep Singh in supporting roles.
 Prowincja (Polish for province) is Akurat's second album released on October 1 2003.
 Callochromis macrops is a species cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is found over sandy bottoms. This species reaches a length of 13.5 centimetres (5.3 in) TL. This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
 The Pârâul Mare River is a tributary of the Râmnicel River in Romania.
 The Western moose (Alces alces andersoni) is a subspecies of moose that inhabits boreal forests and mixed deciduous forests in most of Canada and some parts of the northern United States. It is the second largest American subspecies of moose second to the Alaska Moose. Male Western moose are aggressive during mating season (autumn and winter) and may injure or kill with provocation.
 The Lolab Valley is a Himalayan sub-valley and forms the north-western corner of the Vale of Kashmir formed by the Lahwal River in the state of Jammu and Kashmir of India. The entrance to the valley lies 9 km (5.6 mi) north of Kupwara town and the centre of the valley lies 114 km (71 mi) northwest of Srinagar the capital of Jammu and Kashmir. It is an oval-shaped valley 15 miles (24 km) long with an average width of 2 miles (3.2 km).[citation needed]
 The Hus' House or Husův sbor is a Hussite church in Dykova Street in Prague 10. It was completed in 1935 as part of a multi-functional development by architect Pavel Janák in the constructivist style. The tall six-storey minimalist tower and belfry carries a 700kg copper chalice as a symbol of the Hussite Church. The tower was briefly used to create an alternative radio station during the Prague uprising in 1945.
 Glyptoteles is a genus of small moths belonging to the family Pyralidae. A single species is recognized Glyptoteles leucacrinella. It is found in most of Europe except Great Britain Ireland Fennoscandia Portugal and most of the Balkan Peninsula.The caterpillars of G. leucacrinella have been noted for the unusual food they may eat – vegetable remains and dry leaves.Otherwise they feed on alder trees (Alnus).
 All About Love is a film released under Star Cinema and directed by 3 of the most popular directors in the Philippines. John Lloyd Cruz won the 2007 Luna Award for Best Actor handed out by the Film Academy of the Philippines for his performance in this movie.Three stories of love courage trust and taking a risk come in one film to tell us how love touches us in countless ways. Everything is really All About LoveThe nature of love is explored in this trio of short films from the Philippines.
 Zaytoun (Hebrew: זייתון‎) is a 2012 Israeli adventure thriller film directed by Eran Riklis and produced by Academy Award-winning producer Gareth Unwin and Fred Ritzenberg. It premiered in September 2012 at the Toronto International Film Festival.The screenplay was written by Nader Rizq a Palestinian-American living in the United States. What started as a hobby in 1991 ended up making the semi-finals of the 2001 Nicholl Fellowships run by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
 Burondi is a village near Dapoli in India's Maharashtra state near the coast. It is located almost 12 km from Dapoli. There is a fishermen colony in burondi as it is located near seashore. There are many hotels on the shore and the village also has many temples. Burondi is now becoming a tourist attraction because of its beach and cool climate.
 Frankie Doodle originally called The Doodle Family is an American comic strip that ran from 1934-1938. It was created by Ben Batsford.Frankie was the main character even when he lived with his family. However they were all written out by 1935. Frankie is pursued throughout the strips by Mr. Shady a disreputable lawyer who is after the fortune he is heir to and Mrs. Krule who runs an orphanage. He has two Chinese mentors: Ming Low a cook and Captain Ku a secret agent.
 Evargal Indiyargal is a 1987 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Om Sakthi S. Jagadhesan starring Ramarajan Madhuri Lakshmi in lead roles.
 David Gordon Fleet (born March 3 1954) is a politician in Ontario Canada. He was a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1987 to 1990.
 The Valea Arșiței River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 Chembrasseri is a village in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala India.
 Maggie Crotty is a former Democratic member of the Illinois Senate representing the 19th district from 2003 to 2013. She was Chairperson of the Elections Committee Vice-Chairperson of the Local Government Committee and was a member of the Higher Education Labor and Revenue Committees. She announced she would not be seeking reelection after her term expired in 2013.
 Glaucocharis euchromiella is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found on Crete and in Syria Armenia and the Taurus and Antitaurus Mountains.
 End of Watch is a 2012 American thriller drama film written and directed by David Ayer. It stars Jake Gyllenhaal (who also serves as executive producer) and Michael Peña as Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) officers who work in South Central Los Angeles. It was originally scheduled to be released on September 28 2012 but the release was moved up a week to September 21. On December 7 the film was given a nationwide re-release.
 Two Idiots in Hollywood is a 1988 comedy film written and directed by actor Stephen Tobolowsky based on his stage play of the same name.
 Mia A. Ackerman (born March 28 1965) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing District 45 since January 1 2013.
 Josh Stowers is a Democratic former member of the West Virginia House of Delegates serving from 2009 to 2013. Stowers resigned from the legislature to take a job as Deputy State Treasurer of West Virginia. Stowers was also previously an assistant principal at Horace Mann Middle School.
 Mahanadi (Tamil: மகாநதி) is a 1994 Tamil Indian drama film directed by Santhana Bharathi featuring Kamal Hassan Sukanya and Cochin Haneefa. It portrays the grief of a humble villager who sees his family property being ruined. The film dealt with several issues such as corruption and child trafficking. It was dubbed in Telugu with the same title. Although critically acclaimed the film failed at the box office. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil.
 Sagas of Conan is a 2004 omnibus collection of three previously issued fantasy books written by L. Sprague de Camp Lin Carter and Björn Nyberg featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books.
 Acmeshachia gigantea is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is found in Pakistan north-western India Nepal north-eastern India Myanmar northern Thailand south-western China Taiwan and northern Vietnam.
 The Swalm (-Dutch German: Schwalm) is a small river in Germany and the Netherlands tributary to the river Meuse. Its source is near Wegberg in the district Heinsberg south-west of Mönchengladbach in North Rhine-Westphalia (Germany). The Swalm flows through Wegberg and Brüggen before flowing into the Meuse just across the border with the Netherlands in Swalmen. Its total length is 46 km.
 Mysłówka [mɨˈswufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Piątek 16 km (10 mi) east of Łęczyca and 27 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mount Davraz (Turkish: Davraz Dağı) also sometimes cited as Mount Davras is a mountain and a winter sports and ski resort in the Taurus Mountains in Isparta Province in southern Turkey. The nearest cities are the province seat of Isparta and its depending district of Eğirdir both of which are at a roughly equal distance of 25 km (16 mi) from the Davraz Ski Resort (Turkish: Isparta Davraz Kayak Merkezi).
 Reg Gulley (born 1969) is an Australian Liberal National politician who is the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Murrumba having defeated Dean Wells at the 2012 state election. He studied Commerce at the University of Queensland and attended Cromwell College.
 The Memorial Hospital of Rhode Island is a hospital in Pawtucket Rhode Island USA.
 Angustiphylla is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Yeezus is the sixth studio album by American hip hop recording artist and producer Kanye West. It was released on June 18 2013 by Roc-A-Fella Records and Def Jam Recordings. The album began production in the living room of a loft space at a Paris hotel. During the process West gathered various artists and close collaborators for production on the album including Mike Dean Daft Punk 88-Keys No ID and Symbolyc One.
 Pterasteridae is a family of sea stars in the order Velatida consisting of eight genera. Pterasterids are primarily deep-water and have an inflated aboral surface. Many species brood their young in an internal chamber flushed with seawater. Fossil pterasterids have been found as early as the upper Campanian of the Cretaceous period.
 The McGregor River is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.The McGregor River was named for the Provincial Land Surveyor Captain James Herrick McGregor who fought and died in 1915 at the Second Battle of Ypres in Belgian Flanders.
 Physics Today is the membership magazine of the American Institute of Physics that was established in 1948. It is provided to the members of twelve physics societies including the American Physical Society. Although its content is scientifically rigorous and up to date it is not a true scholarly journal in the sense of being a primary vehicle for communicating new results.
 Then Sings My Soul is a 2009 inspirational double CD album recorded by country music singer Ronnie Milsap. To date it is his first and only gospel recording ever. It features several traditional hymns along with Christian-altered hit singles including Milsap's What a Difference You've Made in My Life and Ben E. King's Stand by Me. It was being marketed by an extensive TV mail order campaign.
 Moqam (Persian: مقام‎ also Romanized as Moqām) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 277 in 76 families.
 The Congaree River is a short but wide river in South Carolina in the United States; It flows for only 47 miles (78 km). The river serves an important role as the final outlet channel for the entire Lower Saluda and Lower Broad watersheds before merging with the Wateree River just north of Lake Marion to form the Santee River. It is formed in Columbia by the confluence of the Saluda and Broad rivers near the Piedmont fall line.
 Mieszki-Bardony [ˈmjɛʂki barˈdɔnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów within Ciechanów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The First Circle is a 1992 Canadian-French television drama film directed by Sheldon Larry starring Victor Garber Christopher Plummer F. Murray Abraham and Robert Powell. It is an adaptation of the novel In the First Circle by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn.At the 1992 Gemini Awards the film was awarded the prize for Best Photography in a Dramatic Program or Series.
 Abraham Lincoln Walks at Midnight is a 1914 poem by American poet Vachel Lindsay. It portrays Abraham Lincoln walking the streets of Springfield Illinois stirred from his eternal sleep a man who even in death is burdened by the tragedies of the modern world. At the time this poem was written Lindsay was oppressed by knowledge of the blood and death exacted by World War I.
 The Original American Decca Recordings (also released as The Complete Decca Recordings) is a 1992 compilation 3-CD set of sessions led by jazz bandleader Count Basie recorded for the Decca label between 1937 and 1939.
 The Skagit River Hydroelectric Project is a series of dams with hydroelectric power-generating stations on the Skagit River in northern Washington State. The project is owned and operated by Seattle City Light to provide electric power for the City of Seattle and surrounding communities.
 Everyone's Going to Die is a 2013 British film written and directed by directing collective Jones. The film had its World Premiere at South By Southwest in 2013 followed by its UK Premiere at the Edinburgh International Film Festival.
 Popi is a 1969 American comedy-drama film directed by Arthur Hiller. The screenplay by Tina Pine and Lester Pine focuses on a Puerto Rican widower struggling to raise his two young sons in the New York City neighborhood known as Spanish Harlem and stars Alan Arkin and Rita Moreno.
 Bob Welch is the fifth solo album from the ex-Fleetwood Mac guitarist of the same name. It was his first for RCA Records.
 Sorkhanlu (Persian: سرخانلو‎ also Romanized as Sorkhānlū) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 215 in 53 families.
 The Papers of Tony Veitch is a crime novel by William McIlvanney. This book is the second in the series featuring the character Laidlaw. This series of books is recognised as the foundation of the Tartan Noir genre.
 Echo Bridge is a historic masonry bridge spanning the Charles River between Needham to Newton Upper Falls Massachusetts and Ellis Street in Newton. The bridge carries the Sudbury Aqueduct and foot traffic and is located in the Hemlock Gorge Reservation. At the time of its construction in 1875-77 it was the second longest masonry arch in the country. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and was named an American Water Landmark in 1981.
 St. John Parish is a Roman Catholic church in Darien Connecticut. It is part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 The songs found on the album were written and recorded before the Toilet Böys' final tour with the Red Hot Chili Peppers. This album also includes one new track (Drug of Choice) recorded by the three remaining members of the band Sean Guy and Electric Eddie and a remix by each of them.
 Fort Schelbourne formerly Camp Schell in Ely Nevada was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. Its boundaries were increased in 1977.
 Sandnesvatnet (Lule Sami: Sáttonjárgjávrre) is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county Norway. The European route E06 highway runs along the eastern and northern shores of the lake. The lake lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) southeast of the village of Tømmerneset. The lake Strindvatnet lies just to the northwest and the lake Fjerdvatnet lies to the south of the lake.
 Louis Lou Wangberg (born March 27 1941) of Bemidji Minnesota is an educator and was the 41st Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota. He was elected on the Independent-Republican ticket with Governor Al Quie and served from January 1 1979 to January 3 1983. While serving as Lieutenant Governor he was also chief-of-staff for Governor Quie for a part of the term until he sought the governor's office on his own.
 Barry Cowen is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Laois–Offaly constituency at the 2011 general election.He is married with three children and is an auctioneer and valuer. He is the brother of former Taoiseach Brian Cowen.
 Charlottenlund Castle (Swedish: Charlottenlund slott) is a castle in Ystad Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Azhagi (2002) is a Tamil film directed by Thangar Bachchan. The film is critically acclaimed and stars Parthiban Nandita Das and Devayani. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The movie was remade in Telugu as Letha Manasulu (2004) starring Srikanth Kalyani and Gopika in lead roles.
 Start Something is the second studio album by the Welsh alternative metal band Lostprophets released on 2 February 2004 through Visible Noise in the United Kingdom and South Korea. The album was released internationally on 5 February 2004. The band began work on the album in 2003 after touring for support of their previous album Thefakesoundofprogress.
 Div Koti (Persian: ديوكتي‎ also Romanized as Dīv Kotī) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District in the Central District of Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 658 in 179 families.
 Mazraeh-ye Emamzadeh Ahmad Ali Pichkan (Persian: مزرعه امامزاده احمدعلي پيچكان‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Emāmzādeh Aḩmad ‘Alī Pīchkān; also known as Emāmzādeh and Emāmzādeh Ahmad ‘Alī) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District Abadeh Tashk District Neyriz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Declaration of Conformity is the first studio album by the American rock band Wellwater Conspiracy. It was released on June 17 1997 through Third Gear Records.
 Golem in the Gears is the ninth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.
 The Reid Temple A.M.E. Church is an African Methodist Episcopal megachurch located in Glenn Dale Maryland USA to the northeast of Washington DC.In 2008 Outreach Magazine reported that attendance was 7500 making it the 88th largest church in the USA.As of 2010 membership exceeded 8000.
 Parornix mixta is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Italy Romania Slovakia former Yugoslavia and Transbaikalia in Russia.The larvae feed on Spiraea media and Spiraea x vanhouttei. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
 Whole Earth Discipline: An Ecopragmatist Manifesto is the sixth book by Stewart Brand published by Viking Penguin in 2009. He sees Earth and people propelled by three transformations: climate change (global warming) urbanization and biotechnology. Brand tackles touchy issues like nuclear power genetic engineering and geoengineering fully aware that many of the environmentalist readers he hopes to reach will start out disagreeing with him.
 Safaabad (Persian: صفااباد‎ also Romanized as Şafāābād) is a village in Doab Rural District Bazoft District Kuhrang County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 254 in 44 families.
 The Meadow Valley Mountains is a mountain range in Lincoln and Clark counties in southern Nevada. The range is a narrow north to northeast trending ridgeline with a length of about 40 miles (64 km).
 Pavithra (1994) (Tamil: பவித்ரா) is a Tamil film directed by K. Subhash under his home banner Dhanooja Films. The film features Raadhika in the lead role with Nassar and Ajith Kumar in supporting roles. The film's music was by A. R. Rahman and lyrics by Vairamuthu. The film opened on November 5 1994 and received critical acclaim.
 Mistastin crater is a meteorite crater in Labrador Canada which contains the roughly circular Mistastin Lake.The lake's arcuate central island is interpreted to be the central uplift of the complex crater structure. The target rocks were part of a batholith composed of adamellite mangerite and lenses of anorthosite. There are abundant shock metamorphic features exhibited in the rocks of the island.
 Jacobin is a quarterly magazine of culture and polemic based in New York. Its self-styled raison d’être is as a leading voice of the American left offering socialist perspectives on politics economics and culture. The publication began as an online magazine released in September 2010 but expanded into a print journal later that year.
 The Gander (also called Altbach in France) is a river which flows in Luxembourg and in the French département Moselle tributary of the Moselle River (left side). Its source is in the commune of Frisange southern Luxembourg. It flows generally southeast and from Altwies until Emerange (commune of Burmerange) it forms the French-Luxembourgish border. From Emerange until its outflow into the Moselle at Haute-Kontz it flows through France. The largest town on the Gander is Mondorf-les-Bains.
 Sargvere (German: Sarkfer) is a village in Paide Parish Järva County in northern-central Estonia.Nurmsi Airfield (ICAO: EENI) is partially located on the territory of Sargvere.
 The Onekaka River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from its sources in the northeast of Kahurangi National Park reaching Golden Bay 13 kilometres northwest of Takaka.
 Mojtame-ye Zanati-ye Rafsanjan (Persian: مجتمع ضنعتي رفسنجان‎ also Romanized as Mojtame`-ye Ẕanʿatī-ye Rafsanjān; also known as Rafsanjān) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District in the Central District of Rafsanjan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 37 in 8 families.
 Dobrynya Nikitich and Dragon Gorynych (Russian: Добрыня Никитич и Змей Горыныч Dobrynya Nikitich i Zmey Gorynych) is a Russian traditionally-animated feature film directed by Ilya Maksimov made by Melnitsa Animation Studio. It opened in Russia on March 15 2006. It is the second film in Melnitsa's 3 bogatyrs series (the first was Alyosha Popovich and Tugarin Zmey).The film opened at #2 in the box office in Russia and the CIS and grossed around $3500000.[1]
 Jours étranges is a Damien Saez album released on October 25 1999.
 Euphaedra eberti is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo the Central African Republic and Uganda.
 Life After Beth is a 2014 American zombie comedy film directed and written by Jeff Baena. The film stars Anna Kendrick Aubrey Plaza Matthew Gray Gubler Dane DeHaan and John C. Reilly. The film premiered in competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 19 2014.
 The Page News and Courier is Page County Virginia’s largest general circulation newspaper and provides coverage of local and regional news events issues people and industries. The newspaper was founded in Luray Virginia in 1911 by a merger between The Page News (established in 1881) and The Page Valley Courier (established March 1867). The Page News and Courier is one of a number of newspapers owned by the Byrd Family.
 Jim Rice is a Republican Idaho State Senator representing District 10 since his March 1 2012 appointment by Idaho Governor Butch Otter. Rice was elected to the seat in November 2012.
 Tereshkova is a relatively small lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located along the western perimeter of the Mare Moscoviense and to the southeast of the crater Feoktistov. It is named for cosmonaut Valentina Tereshkova the first woman in space.The rim of this crater resembles a rounded hexagon in outline. There is a small cup-shaped crater near the outer edge of the southern rim. The eastern ramparts of this crater merge with the edge of the Mare Moscoviense.
 Anomalies Vol. 1 is a compilation album by the American rock band Cave In. The album was officially released on December 14 2010 through Hydra Head Records however copies could be obtained one month earlier on Black Friday. Despite its title Anomalies Vol. 1 is actually the second release in Cave In's Anomalies series which a grouping of releases that compile previously unreleased or rare tracks. Released earlier in 2010 Anomalies Vol.
 Friendlier Up Here is the debut studio album by the Irish mod/pop rock quartet The Aftermath. It was released on 25 April 2008.The album featured three singles which had previously entered the Irish Singles Chart all inside the Top 20; One is Fun/Are You Not? spent two weeks in the chart and peaked at #11 Hollywood Remake/Need also spent two weeks in the chart and peaked at #19 whilst latest single All I Want is For You to Be Happy spent a week in the chart at #13.
 Transgression (Hangul: 파계; RR: Pagye) is a 1974 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.
 Kuybyshev Reservoir or Kuybyshevskoye Reservoir (Russian: Ку́йбышевское водохрани́лище Kuybyshevskoye Vodokhranilishche Tatar Cyrillic: Куйбышев сусаклагычы Latin: Kuybışev susaqlağıçı) sometimes called Samara Reservoir and informally called Kuybyshev Sea is a reservoir of the middle Volga and lower Kama in the Chuvash Republic Mari El Republic Republic of Tatarstan Samara Oblast and Ulyanovsk Oblast Russia.
 Anagnorisma chamrani is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It was found in the Binaloud Mountains of the Razavi Khorasan Province in north-eastern Iran in 2012.
 Otsdawa Baptist Church is a historic Free Will Baptist church on City Road 8 in Otsdawa Otsego County New York. It was built in 1840 and is a one story rectangular building three bays wide and three bays deep. The building is of wood frame construction with clapboard siding. It sits on a stone foundation with a gable roof in the Greek Revival style. The roof is surmounted by a two stage tower with a small spire.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Siennica [ɕenˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Nasielsk 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki and 43 km (27 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 360.
 The Goalie's Anxiety at the Penalty Kick (German: Die Angst des Tormanns beim Elfmeter) is a 1970 novel by the Austrian writer Peter Handke. It was adapted into a 1972 film with the same title directed by Wim Wenders.
 Khadra' (Arabic: الخضرا‎) is a village in the District of Jabal al Akhdar in north-eastern Libya. It's located 35 km south of Bayda.
 Nanzalu is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Peruru is a Village in Wazeed Mandal in Khammam District of Andhra Pradesh State India. It belongs to Telangana region . It is located 169 km to the north of District headquarters Khammam. 14 km from Wazeed. 280 km from State capital Hyderabad. Peruru Pin code is 507136 and postal head office is Venkatapuram . Nagaram (14 km) are the nearby Villages to Peruru.
 Ali e radici (Wings and Roots) also known by its Spanish name Alas y raíces is a 2009 studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Eros Ramazzotti.Four years after the issue of his last studio album and two years after his (best of) compilation album Eros circulates his new studio album with the title Ali e radici which consists of eleven songs. His new album is available in a standard edition as well as in a deluxe edition (the latter includes 64-page booklet of photographs).
 Ride is a 2009 Telugu Film starring Nani Aksha Tanish and Shweta Prasad in the Lead Directed by Ramesh Varma and Produced by Bellamkonda Suresh. Prominent Singer Hemachandra provided the Music. The movie was Released on June 5 2009 and was a Box Office Success.
 Acutipenna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Kaiikanui River is a river of Northland New Zealand.
 Two of a Kind is a 1951 film noir directed by Henry Levin and written by James Edward Grant James Gunn and Lawrence Kimble. The film features Edmond O'Brien Lizabeth Scott Alexander Knox among others.
 Sowin' Love is the second album released by American country music artist Paul Overstreet. The album was released by RCA Records in 1989 (see 1989 in country music). The album reached #13 on Billboard's Top Country Albums chart and charted at #31 on the Top Christian Albums chart. This album produced five top ten singles.
 Shonku Ekai Aksho (Shonku All in All) is a Professor Shonku series book written by Satyajit Ray and published by Ananda Publishers in 1983. Ray wrote the stories on Professor Shanku in Bengali magazine Sandesh and Anandamela. This book is a collection of four of Shonku stories.
 Kalkali (Persian: كلكلي‎ also Romanized as Kalkalī) is a village in Kuh Sefid Rural District in the Central District of Khash County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 339 in 66 families.
 Avatha chinensis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in China and Taiwan.
 Lake Ilopango is a crater lake which fills a scenic 8×11 km (72 km2 or 28 sq mi) volcanic caldera in central El Salvador on the borders of the San Salvador La Paz and Cuscatlán departments. The caldera which contains the second largest lake in the country and is located immediately east of the capital city San Salvador has a scalloped 100 m (330 ft) to 500 m (1600 ft) high rim.
 Lake Qaraoun (Arabic: بحيرة القرعون‎ / ALA-LC: Buḥayrat al-Qara‘ūn) is an artificial lake or reservoir located in the southern region of the Beqaa Valley Lebanon. It was created near Qaraoun village in 1959 by building a 61-metre-high (200 ft) concrete-faced rockfill dam (the largest dam in Lebanon) in the middle reaches of the Litani River (longest river in Lebanon).
 Alan M. Robinson (October 21 1948 – December 6 2013) was a Canadian politician in Ontario. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1981 to 1985 and was a cabinet minister in the government of Frank Miller. Robinson was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.
 Çayköy is a village in the District of İnhisar Bilecik Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 144 people.
 Hryhorivsky Estuary or Small Adzhalyk Estuary (Ukrainian: Григорівський лиман Малий Аджалицький лиман Russian: Григорьевский лиман Малый Аджалыцкий лиман Turkish: Küçük Adcalik liman) is a brackish water area in South Ukraine in 30 km to north-east from Odessa. In the lower part of the estuary (left bank) the Port Yuzhny is located.
 Uncivil Warriors is the eighth short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Organized Konfusion is the eponymous debut album by Queens Hip Hop duo Organized Konfusion released in October 1991 on Hollywood BASIC. The album and the group have received a large cult following throughout the years. The record was originally given a rating of 4 out of 5 in The Source in January 1992. The effort has received perfect ratings from many sources including Allmusic and RapReviews.
 Turbo is the fifth album by the ska/soul band The Pietasters. It was released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).
 Long Pond is a lake within the towns of Lakeville and Freetown in southeastern Massachusetts. It shares its waters with Assawompset Pond. These lakes provide a source of drinking water to the city of New Bedford the largest city in southeastern Massachusetts. Long Pond is roughly one mile wide by four miles long and contains three islands within its boundaries.
 Uddhav Thackeray (Marathi: उद्धव ठाकरे; born 27 July 1960) is the Pramukh (Chief) of the Shiv Sena a right-wing Marathi regional political party based in the Indian state of Maharashtra. He was given this role in 2004 taking over from his father and party founder Hindu nationalist politician Bal Thackeray.Earlier Uddhav was looking after Saamna (a daily Marathi newspaper) while being actively involved in election campaigning activities.
 Built in 1825 the Wilbur Cahoon House is one of the oldest homes in Lorain County Ohio United States. It was built in 1825 in a Greek Revival style which was popular at that time. The house is 80 feet (24 m) long with 12 rooms. It is situated south north of French Creek overlooking French Creek. Wilbur Cahoon arrived in Avon in 1814 from Herkimer County New York with his wife Priscilla and family.. Cahoon purchased 800 acres (320 ha) through a trade of 100 acres (40 ha) in New York.
 Kalateh-ye Hajj Ali (Persian: كلاته حاج علي‎ also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājj ‘Alī; also known as Ḩoseynābād Kalāteh-ye Ḩājjī ‘Alī and Kalāteh-ye Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 108 in 30 families.
 Kolnica [kɔlˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Brudzew 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Turek and 118 km (73 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 180.
 Everyone Loves You is the debut full-length album by German electronic duo Naomi which was released on April 23 2002 on Mole Listening Pearls.
 Margaret Patricia Curran (born 24 November 1958) is a Scottish Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Glasgow East since 2010 and is currently Shadow Secretary of State for Scotland. She was previously Member of the Scottish Parliament for Glasgow Baillieston from 1999 to 2011 and held a number of posts within the Scottish Executive including Minister for Parliamentary Business Minister for Social Justice and Minister for Communities.
 Give Me a Future is an album by The Everly Brothers released in 2005 and the sequel to the similar release of the same year Too Good To Be True. Like its predecessor it contains previously unheard songs recorded by the group in the early stages of their career.
 Faces is a 1968 drama film directed by John Cassavetes and starring John Marley Cassavetes' wife Gena Rowlands Seymour Cassel and Lynn Carlin. Both Cassel and Carlin received Academy-Award nominations for this film. Cassavetes was nominated for the best original screenplay Academy Award for Faces. The film was shot in high contrast 16 mm black and white film stock. In 2011 it was added to the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress.
 The Tennessee Valley Railroad Museum (reporting mark TVRM) is a railroad museum in Chattanooga Tennessee.The Tennessee Valley Railroad Museum was founded as a chapter of the National Railway Historical Society in 1960 by Paul H. Merriman and Robert M. Soule Jr. along with a group of local railway preservationists who were concerned with saving steam locomotives and railway equipment for future historical display and use.
 The Pointe Ronde is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif overlooking Trient in the canton of Valais. It lies near the northern end of the Arête de la Lui the ridge descending from the Génépi.
 Long Meadow also known as the Cyrus Rhodes House is a historic home located near Harrisonburg Rockingham County Virginia. It was built about 1845 and is a two-story three-bay double-pile brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It sits on an English basement has a low-pitched standing seam metal hipped roof and central-passage plan. Also on the property are the contributing frame bank barn (c.
 Not to be confused with the Palace of the Holy Office in the Vatican.The Inquisitor's Palace is a museum sited in the heart of Birgu Vittoriosa Malta.The palace was erected as the civil law courts of the Order of St John between 1530s and 1571 then became the inquisitor’s residence from 1574 until 1798.The Inquisitor’s Palace is now the flagship of Maltese Ethnography.The collection on display at the Inquisitor’s Palace aims to portray the salient aspects of Malta’s urban religious culture placing particular focus on the early modern period and the impact of the Inquisition on Maltese society through the centuries.These two related themes are elucidated by means of a display that brings together the liturgical calendar with the most popular cults and devotions on the island.The museum is managed by Heritage Malta.The museum is also open to school-related outings and tourist excursions.
 Snellius is a lunar crater located near the southeast limb of the Moon. The rim of Snellius is heavily worn and eroded with overlapping craterlets. The floor is somewhat irregular and uneven. The western rim marks the start of the Vallis Snellius one of the longest valleys on the Moon. It continues nearly 500 kilometers to the northwest to near the edge of Mare Nectaris. Its origin is most likely associated with the formation of the lunar mare.To the northeast is the large crater Petavius.
 Achaea phaeobasis is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Sudan.
 The Kid with a Bike (French: Le gamin au vélo) is a 2011 drama film written and directed by the Belgian brothers Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne starring Thomas Doret and Cécile de France. Set in Seraing it tells the story of a 12-year-old boy who turns to a woman for comfort after his father has abandoned him.The film was produced through companies in Belgium France and Italy.
 In Your Wildest Dreams is an EP by the alternative country band Whiskeytown released as a promotional item in 1997.The Rain Won't Help You When It's Over is a True Believers cover. The song's composer Alejandro Escovedo had this to say about the song: “I’ve always held that song very dear because it’s the first one I ever wrote and it was such a staple of the [True] Believers’ set and sound...
 Florentino Ameghino (Misiones) is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 The Corbu River is a tributary of the Sebeş river in Romania.
 Pati River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Nicole Léger (born March 12 1955 in Montreal Quebec Canada) is a politician and the Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA) for the riding of Pointe-aux-Trembles from 1996 to 2006 and recently elected back as member of the Parti Québécois in a by-election on May 12 2008.
 White skate may also refer to Rostroraja alba.The Pacific white skate (Bathyraja spinosissima) is a species of skate family Rajidae. It is one of the deepest-living of all skates occurring at a depth of 800 to 2938 m on the continental slope. It is native to the southeast Pacific Ocean from the Galapagos Islands to off Waldport Oregon; an egg case and embryo has been collected from the Farallon Islands off San Francisco.
 The Reason for God is a Christian apologetics book and DVD by Timothy J. Keller a scholar and founding pastor of Redeemer Presbyterian Church in New York City.
 Bridge in Yardley Borough was a historic stone arch bridge located at Scammells Corner in Yardley Bucks County Pennsylvania. It had a single span 13 feet long and was constructed in 1889. It was constructed of coursed rubble masonry.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. Sometime after listing the bridge was replaced with a concrete bridge span.
 Old Engine Company No. 26 also known as the Langdon Firehouse and Chemical Company No. 3 located at 2715 22nd Street NE Washington D.C. is a historic firehouse built in 1908 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.The firehouse was built in response to a petition by the Northeastern Citizens’ Suburban Association for better fire protection.
 Wu Shu-chen or Wu Shu-jen (traditional Chinese: 吳淑珍; simplified Chinese: 吴淑珍; pinyin: Wú Shūzhēn; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ngô Siok-tin; born July 11 1953 in Madou Tainan County (now part of Tainan City) Taiwan Republic of China) is the wife of former President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian.
 Banu Sahra (Persian: بانوصحرا‎ also Romanized as Bānū Şaḩrā; also known as Bālsahra) is a village in Chendar Rural District Chendar District Savojbolagh County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 518 in 164 families.
 The Other (original Spanish title: El otro) is a 1972 short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges collected in the anthology The Book of Sand. It is about a meeting between an older Borges and a younger Borges in Cambridge Massachusetts. In the dialogue the young man refers to the novella The Double: A Petersburg Poem by Dostoevsky. While the younger man cites his romantic vision about a brotherhood of man the older Borges reveals his doubt about the existence of a single man.
 The moose (North America) or Eurasian elk (Europe) (Alces alces) is the largest extant species in the deer family. Moose are distinguished by the palmate antlers of the males; other members of the family have antlers with a dendritic (twig-like) configuration. Moose typically inhabit boreal and mixed deciduous forests of the Northern Hemisphere in temperate to subarctic climates. Moose used to have a much wider range but hunting and other human activities greatly reduced it over the years.
 Research on Aging is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of social gerontology. The editor-in-chief is Debra Parker Oliver (University of Missouri). It was established in 1979 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Dayr al-Shaykh (Arabic: دير الشيخ‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Jerusalem Subdistrict also known as the Jerusalem corridor. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. The village was located 16 kilometers (9.9 mi) west of Jerusalem overlooking the Wadi al-Sarar stream to the northeast.
 Andadeh (Persian: انداده‎ also Romanized as Andādeh) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District in the Central District of Jowayin County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1809 in 446 families.
 The Hartlepool Mail is a newspaper serving Hartlepool and the surrounding area. It has an average daily circulation of 14198.The paper was founded in Hartlepool in 1877 as The Northern Daily Mail and continued to be printed in the town until August 2006 when the printing staff were told they would be made redundant on 30 September. The newspaper's owners Johnston Press decided it was in the interests of their business to move printing to Sunderland.
 Alisha Rules the World is the debut album of British duo Alisha's Attic released on 11 November 1996. The album received positive reviews and went platinum in the following year. It sold 400000 copies in the UK (with another 100000 in Japan) and the four singles all went into the top twenty in the British charts.
 The Alfred and Rosy Skinner House at 232 W. 800 S. in Orem Utah was built in 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It was a work of stonemason/builder John J. Hill.
 Straight On till Morning is a 1972 British thriller film directed by Peter Collinson and starring Rita Tushingham Shane Briant James Bolam Katya Wyeth and John Clive. A reserved young woman finds herself attracted to a handsome stranger unaware of his psychotic tendencies.
 Mid-day Sun (1934–1954) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. After showing little promise as a two-year-old in 1936 Mid-day Sun improved into top class performer at three. In 1937 he won five races including the Epsom Derby and the Hardwicke Stakes at Royal Ascot. He was retired to stud in 1938 but had little success as a stallion. He was the first winner of the Derby at Epsom to be owned by a woman.
 Beni is the debut album of artist Beni Arashiro released on February 9 2005. The album is available in 2 different versions CD+DVD and CD-only. The CD+DVD version was a limited edition this version is sold out. There were a total of 4 singles released before the release of this album.The album charted on the #14 spot on the Oricon ranking and sold 12776 copies in its first week.
 Sir Colville Norbert Young GCMG MBE (born 20 November 1932) is the Governor General of Belize and also patron of the Scout Association of Belize. He was appointed Governor-General in 1993 taking office on 17 November of that year and was knighted in 1994.
 Hard Labour is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Cry for Dawn was a 9-issue horror anthology comic book written by Joseph Monks and drawn by Joseph Michael Linsner. It was published by Cry for Dawn Productions from 1989–1992 and is famous for introducing the sexy redheaded spitfire Dawn who would later go on to star in several of her own spin-off titles for Sirius Entertainment. Cry for Dawn was a mature-readers-only title.
 The Feuerstein is a twin peak in the Stubai Alps on the border of Tyrol and South Tyrol.
 William E. Wheeler House is a historic home located at Portville in Cattaraugus County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Stick-style wood-frame dwelling built in 1880. Also on the property is a contributing carriage house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Walenmatt (or Walenmattweid) is a mountain of the Jura located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Solothurn. It lies between Crémines and Welschenrohr.
 Bonlez Castle is a castle in Bonlez in the municipality of Chaumont-Gistoux Walloon Brabant Belgium.
 Chrzanowo [xʂaˈnɔvɔ] (German: Krahnsfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Łęczyce 25 km (16 mi) west of Wejherowo and 58 km (36 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 120.
 RWD Magazine (also known as RWD or RWDmag) is a British based magazine which features Music Style Sport Gaming Film Technology News interviews and charts on hip hop Grime Dubstep RnB UK garage Drum and bass and U.S. house music. It is released monthly distributing 98300 copies each time and is ABC certified.
 The Ghost Pirates is a novel by William Hope Hodgson first published in 1909. The economic style of writing has led horror writer Robert Weinberg to describe the Ghost Pirates as one of the finest examples of the tightly written novel ever published.In it Hodgson never describes the ghosts - if this is indeed what they are since their true nature is left ambiguous - in any remarkable detail he merely reports of their gradual commandeering of the ship.The Ghost Pirates . . .
 Dolichamphilius brieni is a species of loach catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in Pool Malebo. It reaches a length of 5.4 centimetres (2.1 in).
 The TV Set is a 2006 comedy-drama film about an idealistic writer attempting to bring his vision for a TV show to fruition on the small screen.
 The Big Blockade is a 1942 British black-and-white war propaganda film in the style of dramatised documentary. It is directed by Charles Frend and stars Will Hay Leslie Banks Michael Redgrave and John Mills. It was produced by Michael Balcon for Ealing Studios in collaboration with the Ministry of Economic Warfare.
 American Idiot: The Original Broadway Cast Recording is an album by the cast of American Idiot and Green Day. In September 2009 American Idiot began its run in the Berkeley Repertory Theatre California. After two extensions it was transferred to the St. James Theatre on Broadway. The first single from the album 21 Guns was released on December 3 2009. The album also includes When It's Time a previously unreleased song written by Billie Joe Armstrong.
 Michael Leib (January 8 1760 – December 8 1822) was an American physician politician scientist inventor statesman and philosopher born in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. He served Pennsylvania in both houses of the state legislature and represented Pennsylvania in both the U.S. House and the United States Senate.He was greatly influenced and mentored by Benjamin Franklin.
 Copamyntis is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Meyrick in 1934.
 The Durango chipmunk (Neotamias durangae) is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is endemic to Mexico.
 The Last Defender of Camelot is an anthology of short stories written by science fiction/fantasy writer Roger Zelazny.
 Shobha Karandlaje Kannada:ಶೋಭಾ ಕರಂದ್ಲಾಜೆ(born October 23 1966) is a politician from Karnataka. She was a cabinet minister in the Government of Karnataka. Hailing from Puttur in Coastal Karnataka Shobha became associated with the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh at a very early age one of the many women full-time workers of the Sangh parivar. When she decided to join politics the RSS gave her the initial thrust.
 The Zeitschrift für celtische Philologie is an academic journal of Celtic studies which was established in 1897 by the German scholars Kuno Meyer and Ludwig Christian Stern. It was the first journal devoted exclusively to Celtic languages and literature and the oldest significant journal of Celtic studies still in existence today.
 Dazed and Confused is a 1993 coming of age comedy film written and directed by Richard Linklater. The film features a large ensemble cast of actors who would later become stars including Matthew McConaughey Jason London Ben Affleck Milla Jovovich Cole Hauser Parker Posey Adam Goldberg Joey Lauren Adams Nicky Katt and Rory Cochrane. The plot follows various groups of teenagers during the last day of school in the summer of 1976.The film grossed less than $8 million at the U.S.
 Marabanong is a historic mansion in Jacksonville Florida. It was built in 1876 on the site of Perley Place the antebellum mansion purchased in 1870 by British astronomer Thomas Basnett that was originally built by Thomas Perley and destroyed in a fire. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 11 2013. It is located at 4747 River Point Road. Eliza Wilbur was active at the home.Basnett (born 1808 - died 1886) was a prominent British astronomer and meteorologist.
 St Martin's Church is a church in the town of Ruislip within the London Borough of Hillingdon. It has been designated since January 1950 by English Heritage as a Grade B listed building. The present chancel and nave date back to the 13th century. The church stands at the northern end of Ruislip High Street near the Manor Farm site.
 Mixer Tavern is a historic tavern at 14 Westford Road in Ashford Connecticut.It was built in 1710 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Edge of Heaven (international English title) (original title German: Auf der anderen Seite Turkish: Yaşamın Kıyısında) is a 2007 Turkish-German drama written and directed by Fatih Akın. The film won the Prix du scénario at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival was Germany's entry in the category Best Foreign Language Film at the 2007 Oscars but was not nominated.After making its worldwide debut at the Cannes Film Festival in France the film was shown at several international film festivals.
 Remembrance (German: Die verlorene Zeit) is a 2011 German drama film directed by Anna Justice. A German-Jewish young woman and Polish young man fall in love and escape a concentration camp. As the film prologue notes it is based on a true story which was that of Jerzy Bielecki and Cyla Cybulska.
 Howard C. Cook (February 20 1918 – December 31 1983) was an Ohio Republican Party politician and a former member of the Ohio General Assembly. Cook's political career began as a member of the Toledo Ohio civil service commission.He was elected to Toledo City Council in 1951 serving off and on for the next decade. In 1960 Cook unsuccessfully ran for Congress against Thomas L. Ashley and returned to city council following his defeat.
 Nowe Gumino [ˈnɔvɛ ɡuˈminɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Bankers Trust Company Building (1925) is an office building located at the intersection of Congress and Shelby in downtown Detroit Michigan. Designed by Wirt C. Rowland of Smith Hinchman & Grylls the ornately modeled building is an exquisite example of Italian Romanesque Revival architecture in America.
 Süß und Gemein is the second studio album of the German rock/pop duo Lucilectric released in 1996. The album reached #45 in the Austrian charts while the highest charting single Liebe macht dumm reached #20.
 Chahkanduk (Persian: چهكندوك‎ also Romanized as Chāhkandūk) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 6 families.
 Najlepšie dievčatá (English: The Best Girls) is the fifth studio album by Modus released on OPUS in 1984.
 Albertine is the first and so far only novel of writer and critic Jacqueline Rose. It is a parallel novel using characters and events from Marcel Proust's In Search of Lost Time.
 Rumand (Persian: رومند‎ also Romanized as Rūmand) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District in the Central District of Nain County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Stephen Kinsey is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives serving since 2013. Kinsey was previously the chief of staff to state Representative John Myers who preceded Kinsey in office.
 The Aon Center (200 East Randolph Street formerly Amoco Building) is a modern skyscraper in the Chicago Loop Chicago Illinois United States designed by architect firms Edward Durell Stone and The Perkins and Will partnership and completed in 1974 as the Standard Oil Building. With 83 floors and a height of 1136 feet (346 m) it is the third tallest building in Chicago surpassed in height by the Willis Tower and the Trump International Hotel and Tower.
 Hype is a hip hop magazine in South Africa.
 The Bear River is a 2.7-mile-long (4.3 km) tributary of Long Lake in the U.S. state of Maine. It originates at the outlet of Bear Pond in the town of Waterford in Oxford County then flows southeast into the town of Bridgton in Cumberland County and finally the town of Harrison where it reaches Long Lake. Via Long Lake the Songo River and Sebago Lake the Bear River is part of the Presumpscot River watershed flowing to Casco Bay on the Atlantic Ocean.
 Fantasie was the 5th proper studio album by Münchener Freiheit and their highest charting reaching #4 in the German charts. The album spawned three hit singles including the #2 hit Solang' man Träume noch leben kann (held off the #1 spot by Always on my Mind by Pet Shop Boys).
 The Davis-Adcock Store is a historic commercial building in Wilbon North Carolina a crossroads north of Fuquay-Varina. The building was constructed in 1906 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in September 2006.
 Joseph Jacques Jean Chrétien (born January 11 1934) PC OM CC QC known commonly as Jean Chrétien (French pronunciation: ​[ʒɑ̃ kʁetjɛ̃]) was the 20th Prime Minister of Canada. He served in the position for over ten years from November 4 1993 to December 12 2003.Born and raised in Shawinigan Quebec Chrétien is a law graduate from Université Laval. He was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1963.
 Caution is the fifth studio full-length album by the band Hot Water Music and released by Epitaph Records on October 8 2002.The track Remedy was featured in the soundtrack for Tony Hawk's Underground.
 The La Grange Church and Cemetery is a historic Carpenter Gothic church and cemetery in Titusville Florida United States. It is located at 1575 Old Dixie Highway. On December 7 1995 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 North Ormsby Priory was a Gilbertine priory in North Ormsby Lincolnshire England.It was founded by Gilbert son of Robert of Ormsby with the consent of his lord William earl of Albemarle. Robert was steward of William of Percy and gave the nuns the churches of Sth Elkington and LittleGrimsby pasture and land.
 Acrobasis homoeosomidia is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Hampson 1901. It is found in Peninsular Malaysia.
 Christ Church Sparkbrook was a Church of England building in the Anglican Diocese of Birmingham.
 WOW Hits 2012 is a two-disc compilation album composed of some of the biggest hits on Christian radio in 2011. This disc features 33 songs (39 on the deluxe edition). As of 27 September 2011 the WOW series of which this release is a part has sold 17 million copies.The album reached No. 2 on the Billboard Christian Album chart[citation needed] and No. 35 on the Billboard 200.[citation needed] As of June 2012 the album has sold 284000 copies.
 Garstad Church (Norwegian: Garstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vikna in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Garstad on the island of Mellom-Vikna. The church is part of the Vikna parish in the Nærøy deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church building was constructed in 1856 and it seats about 320 people.
 Willem Wim Aantjes (born January 16 1923) is a retired Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He served as a Member of the House of Representatives from May 26 1959 until November 7 1978 first as a member for the Anti Revolutionary Party (ARP) and from 1977 as a dual member for the CDA.
 Aluminum was the second album from NYC band Gods Child littered with damaged guitars distressed mellotron and raw vocals. Produced by Tim Palmer (who has worked with such acts as Pearl Jam Sponge and Mission UK) the album features a spaced-out aura solid musicianship and soaring sonics.[citation needed] Aluminum was critically acclaimed but singles “Female Elvis” and “This is the Real World?” only charted regionally.
 William Arthur Summerville (1879-1958) was a municipal and provincial politician in Toronto Canada. Summerville was born in Cargill Bruce County on July 8 1879 and moved with his family to Toronto at age three. His first career was as a musician. He played cornet for the 48th Highlanders and toured North America with different theatre orchestras. He also became a locally popular song writer with tunes like Yes Danforth.
 Little Athens is a 2005 American independent film directed by Tom Zuber which stars John Patrick Amedori Erica Leerhsen DJ Qualls Rachel Miner Eric Szmanda Michael Peña and more. Despite premiering at Toronto Film Festival in 2005 it wasn't released on DVD until November 21 2006.
 The Frank Golden Block at Brougher and Main Sts. in Tonopah Nevada is a historic building that was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was deemed significant as the first substantial stone commercial building built in Tonopah for its association with businessman/banker Frank Golden and for its architecture. It was designed and built by George E. Holesworth.
 Emydidae commonly called the pond turtles or marsh turtles are a family of turtles. Previously several species of Asian box turtles were classified in the family. However revised taxonomy has separated them to a different family. Now Emydidae with the exception of two species of pond turtles is entirely a Western Hemisphere family. The family Emydidae includes close to 50 species in 10 genera.
 Gleaming the Cube (also known as A Brother's Justice and Skate or Die) is an American film released in 1989. It featured Christian Slater as Brian Kelly a 16-year-old skateboarder investigating the death of his adopted Vietnamese brother.The Skating Technical Advisor for the film was original Z-Boy Stacy Peralta.
 Bryant Hill Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at Ellicottville in Cattaraugus County New York. In 1821 Samuel Bryant set aside land to serve as the first cemetery at Ellicottville; the first burial was in 1824 and the last in 1901. Restoration of the cemetery began in 1970 and it became the property of the town of Ellicottville in 1976. It is the final resting site for many of the areas early New England settlers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Château du Landsberg is a castle in the commune of Heiligenstein in the Bas-Rhin département in Alsace France. Construction dates from the 12th 13th and 15th centuries. The land belonged to the Abbey of Niedersmunster.The castle is privately owned. It has been listed since 1965 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Borj-e Mohammadan (Persian: برج محمدان‎ also Romanized as Borj-e Moḩammadān; also known as Borj-e Moḩammad Borj Borj Mohammad and Burj) is a village in Afin Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 213 in 59 families.
 Dawes Crater is located in the Sinus Sabaeus quadrangle of Mars at 9.2°S 38°E﻿ / -9.2; 38. It is about 191 km (119 mi) in diameter and was named after William R. Dawes a British astronomer (1799–1868) who was ahead of his time in believing that Mars only had a thin atmosphere. Dawes presumed that the atmosphere of Mars was thin because surface markings on the planet could easily be seen.
 Roy Reinard is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.He is a 1973 graduate of Council Rock High School in Newtown Pennsylvania. He earned a degree from West Chester University in 1977. Prior to elective office he worked in the insurance industry. He was first elected to represent the 178th legislative district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1982. He retired prior to the 2002 elections.
 The Sofitel Legend Old Cataract Hotel also known as the Old Cataract Hotel is a historic British colonial-era 5-star luxury resort hotel located on the banks of the River Nile in Aswan Egypt.
 The Grosne (French: la Grosne) is a 95.6 km (59.4 mi) long river in the Rhône and Saône-et-Loire départements central eastern France. Its source is near Saint-Bonnet-des-Bruyères. It flows generally north. It is a right tributary of the Saône into which it flows in Marnay.
 American Edit is a mashup album released by Party Ben and Team9 under the shared alias Dean Gray. Its primary basis is the Green Day album American Idiot — the name Dean Gray is a spoonerism of Green Day.
 Splendrillia hedleyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Tryon Creek is a 4.85-mile (7.81 km) tributary of the Willamette River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Part of the drainage basin of the Columbia River its watershed covers about 6.5 square miles (16.8 km2) in Multnomah and Clackamas counties. The stream flows southeast from the Tualatin Mountains (West Hills) through the Multnomah Village neighborhood of Portland and the Tryon Creek State Natural Area to the Willamette in the city of Lake Oswego.
 Genesis is the debut album by the British band The Gods. The LP was recorded in 1968 and released that same year by EMI / Columbia Records) in the UK. The album was re-issued on CD by Repertoire Records in 1994.
 Inferno is a 1953 American film noir drama/thriller starring Robert Ryan and Rhonda Fleming directed by Roy Ward Baker. It was shot in Technicolor and shown in 3-D Dimension and stereophonic sound on prints for the few theaters equipped for that sound system in 1953.
 The Blue Boy is a 1994 British television film starring Emma Thompson. In the story a couple deal with personal conflict and supernatural happenings while spending the weekend at a secluded loch.
 Dagger Beach is the ninth album by American singer-songwriter John Vanderslice. It was self-released on June 11 2013 financed by a Kickstarter campaign.
 Final Destination 3 is a 2006 American horror film and the third installment of the Final Destination franchise. It was directed and co-written by James Wong who also directed and co-wrote the first film and was produced by Wong and his writing partner Glen Morgan with franchise producers Craig Perry and Warren Zide. Released on February 10 2006 the film performed well at the box office and gained a mixed reception from critics.
 Northpoint is a skyscraper in Pattaya Thailand.The building will comprise residential condominiums and was topped off in December 2008 and finished in 2010. It consists of two towers the 54-floor South Tower and the 46-floor North Tower. The south tower is the tallest building outside Bangkok and the third tallest residential building in Thailand.
 Blue Collar is the debut album by Grammy Award winning songwriter Rhymefest. It was released July 11 2006 on J Records and includes the single Brand New which features Kanye West.
 2009 Year of Us is the third EP of South Korean boy group Shinee released on October 19 2009 in South Korea with a physical release on October 22. The tracks Ring Ding Dong and Jo Jo were used as the promotional singles. The EP charted at a peak of #4 on the Bugs chart for the week of October 15–21 2009 (week 4).The EP was released in Japan on January 20 2010 with an alternative cover and a bonus DVD featuring the music video and teaser for Ring Ding Dong.
 Wild Ride was the second album released by Steve Forde and the Flange it was a followup to Livin Right and had 3 singles.
 Kanatlı is a village in the District of Kurucaşile Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 154 people.
 Devasura is a 2001 Kannada film made in India directed by M. S. Jayaramayya and starring Devraj and B. C. Patil. It is a remake of the 1992 Malayalam film Kauravar starring Mammootty and Vishnuvardhan.
 Caeneressa diaphana is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It is found from India to southern China Taiwan and Sundaland.The wingspan is 38–45 mm. The wings of the males are mostly transparent except for a black bar at the end of the forewing cell and an irregular black apical zone. In females the apical zone of both wings is more extensive and the bar at the end of the cell is broader more irregular with a narrow black band connecting it with a marginal black area.
 Love the Donkey is an album by percussionist Cyro Baptista's percussion and dance ensemble Beat the Donkey which was released on the Tzadik label in 2005. The album was privately released as Beat the Donkey Beat in 2004.
 Corriere Canadese (The Canadian Courier) is an Italian-language daily newspaper published in Toronto Ontario Canada. The publication is distributed exclusively in Ontario and Quebec primarily throughout the Greater Toronto and the Greater Montreal areas.Corriere Canadese was founded on June 2 1954 (Republic Day) by Dan Iannuzzi and since 2001 was owned by Multimedia Nova Corporation and published by Italmedia.
 Sophie Dessus (born September 24 1955 in Suresnes) a Socialist politician from Corrèze currently represents the Corrèze's First Constituency in the National Assembly the first woman to represent Corrèze in the National Assembly.
 Visit to Oz is an EP by the San Diego California punk rock band Unwritten Law released in 1999 by Interscope Records and Rapido Records. It was released only in Australia to coincide with the band's first headlining tour there and is currently out of print. It contains two songs from the band's 1998 album Unwritten Law and one from their 1994 debut Blue Room. The song Driven is not available on any other release.
 Of Missing Persons is a 1955 science fiction short story by Jack Finney which describes a burned-out bank teller named Charley Ewell living in 1955 New York City who receives a chance to emigrate from Earth to Verna a lush earthlike planet light-years away.
 The Chicago Jewish Star is an independent twice-monthly general interest Jewish newspaper based in Skokie Illinois. It provides news analysis and opinion on local national and international events of relevance to the Jewish community with a focus on literature and arts politics and the Middle East. It is a continuation of The Jewish Star (Alberta) a Canadian newspaper operated by the same principals from 1980-90.
 Pink Narcissus (1971) is an American arthouse drama film by James Bidgood visualizing the erotic fantasies of a gay male prostitute.
 S.S. Palanimanickam (born 15 August 1950) is an Indian politician from Tamil Nadu. He is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Thanjavur constituency of Tamil Nadu from the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) party. He is the Thanjavur district secretary of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.He has been a member of parliament for five times winning five continuous elections starting 1996.
 Indiana Jones and the Philosopher's Stone is the ninth of 12 Indiana Jones novels published by Bantam Books. Max McCoy the author of this book also wrote three of the other Indiana Jones books for Bantam. Published on April 1 1995 it is preceded by Indiana Jones and the White Witch and followed by Indiana Jones and the Dinosaur Eggs.
 The Ngiri River (or Giri River) is a tributary of the Ubangi River that flows southward through the Sud-Ubangi District of Équateur province Democratic Republic of the Congo.The Ngiri originates near the town of Kungu in Kungu Territory.It forms the boundary between this territory and the Budjala Territory to the east and then the boundary with the Bomongo Territory to the south.It then flows south through Bomongo Territory past the town of Bomongo on its right bank entering the Ubangi further south.The Ngiri River flows from north to south through the center of the Ngiri Reserve before joining the Ubangi. 
 Reta Jo Lewis is an attorney a diplomat and businesswoman. Lewis announced her candidacy for Mayor of the District of Columbia on July 2 2013. Previously Lewis was appointed Special Representative for Global Intergovernmental Affairs at the Department of State in January 2010. As part of Secretary Hillary Clinton's 21st Century Statecraft Special Representative Lewis' office was responsible for serving the global needs of U.S. intergovernmental officials and the entities they represent.
 Donji Bučumet is a village in the municipality of Medveđa Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 186 people.
 Kijowiec-Szyszynek [kiˈjɔvjɛt͡s ʂɨˈʂɨnɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin within Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.The village has a population of 33.
 Punta is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Nyapathi Madhava Rau Companion of the Indian Empire (CIE) (b. June 8 1887 - d. August 28 1972) was an Indian Civil Servant and Administrator who served as the Diwan of Mysore State from 1941 to 1945.
 Hardtbach (Wupper) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Cercopithecinae are a subfamily of the Old World monkeys that includes in its roughly 71 species the baboons the macaques and the vervet monkeys. Most cercopithecine monkeys are limited to sub-Saharan Africa although the macaques range from the far eastern parts of Asia through northern Africa as well as on Gibraltar.
 Ted Lewis Wilson (born May 18 1939) was the 30th mayor of Salt Lake City Utah USA from 1976 until July 1985. He won three elections. Wilson resigned during his third term to become the director of the Hinckley Institute of Politics at the University of Utah where he held an adjunct assistant professorship of Political Science.His terms were noted by an election in May 1979 to change the five member commission form of government to a mayor/council form.
 1900 K Street is a high-rise skyscraper located in Washington D.C. United States. The building broke ground in 1995 with its construction being completed in 1996. The building rises to 52 metres (171 ft) containing 13 floors and a total floor area of 102851 m². The architect of the building was Cesar Pelli & Associates Architects who designed the postmodern architectural style of the building which is built with glass and steel material. The building serves for office use.
 Demons Never Die (originally titled Suicide Kids) is a British 2011 slasher film starring Robert Sheehan Jennie Jacques Jacob Anderson Jason Maza Emma Rigby. Ashley Walters Reggie Yates and Tulisa Contostavlos
 The Grey Pileated Finch (Coryphospingus pileatus) also known as the Pileated Finch is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family where it has recently been moved to from the Emberizidae. It is found in Brazil Colombia French Guiana and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 The yellow-headed water monitor the Philippine water monitor or Cuming's water monitor (Varanus cumingi) is a large species of monitor lizards previously recognized as a subspecies of the water monitor (Varanus salvator) but today commonly is acknowledged as a species in its own right. It feeds on birds fish mammals and carrion.
 Trogulus tricarinatus is a species of harvestman. It is found in Europe and North America.T. tricarinatus grows to between 7 and 9mm in both sexes. The second pair of legs grow to 8mm. The body is flattened and narrow. The legs are short and robust with the front two pairs having two segments and the back two three. Immature specimens are violet in colour.
 Courtney Rogers (born December 26 1958 in Honolulu Hawaii) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives representing District 45 since January 8 2013.
 The Best Science Fiction of the Year #11 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr the eleventh volume in a series of sixteen. It was first published in paperback by Pocket Books in July 1982 and in hardcover by Gollancz in the same year.The book collects seventeen novellas novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors with an introduction notes and concluding essays by Carr and Charles N. Brown.
 A Man in Full is a novel by Tom Wolfe published on November 12 1998 by Farrar Straus & Giroux. It is set primarily in Atlanta with a significant portion of the story also transpiring in the East Bay region of Northern California.
 Coleophora pratella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found from France and Belgium to Latvia Lithuania Poland Romania and Bulgaria and from Germany to Italy Austria and Hungary.The larvae feed on Polygonum bistorta Fallopia dumetorum and Fallopia convolvulus. They feed on the generative organs of their host plant.
 Czernina Dolna [t͡ʂɛrˈnina ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 km (5 mi) north-east of Góra and 73 km (45 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Orfelia fultoni is the only bioluminescent member of fly found in North America. It is distantly related to Arachnocampa. The larvae of the species live in stream banks among moss and rock cavities as well as in wet sandstone caves. They build sticky webs and using their two bioluminescent lanterns as an attractant capture flying prey. They produce the bluest light of any studied bioluminescent insect.
 Selling Live Water is a 2003 album by alternative hip hop artist Sole.
 Bembecia sanguinolenta is a moth of the Sesiidae family. It is found from Bulgaria and Greece to Asia Minor Armenia Syria and Turkmenistan.The larvae feed on the roots of Astragalus species including Astragalus dipsaceus and Astragalus pinetorum.
 Beatriz Liliana Rojkés de Alperovich (born February 4 1956) is an Argentine psychopedagogue businesswoman and Justicialist Party politician. She was elected to the Argentine Senate in 2009 and in 2011 became the first woman to be designated as its Provisional President; the post put her second in Argentine line of succession after Vice President Amado Boudou.
 Fleeting Rome: In Search of La Dolce Vita is a posthumous book by Italian Jewish writer and painter Carlo Levi which collects a number of his writings: correspondence documents photographic material from his exhibition catalogues mainly extracted from the Italian State Central Archive but also from other sources such as the Collection of Manuscripts by Modern and Contemporary Authors at the University of Pavia and the Harry Ransom Humanities Research Center at the University of Texas at Austin where Levi's Christ Stopped at Eboli is preserved.The book is a portrayal of everyday life in Rome from the end of World War II to the student movements of the 1960s. 
 Jalaibee (Urdu: جلیبی‎) is an upcoming Pakistani feature film directed by Yasir Jaswal and in the production of REDRUM Films Jaswal Films & Sermad Films. Film stars prominent TV actor Danish Taimoor along with Ali Safina Adnan Jaffar Ali Rehman Uzair Jaswal Wiqar Ali Khan and Zhalay Sarhadi.
 Allocrioceras is an ammonoid cephalopod from the mid-Cretaceous included in the turrilitacean family Anisoceratidae. Its shell is strongly ribbed and is in the form of a widely open spiral.
 The Party's Over is the fourth album by pop rock group the Smoking Popes. It was recorded in 1998 to fulfill the Popes' part of their recording contract with Capitol Records. The album was rejected by the label. It was released in 2001 by Double Zero Records.
 Mendsaikhany Enkhsaikhan (Mongolian: Мэндсайханы Энхсайхан; born 1955) was the prime minister of Mongolia from July 7 1996 to April 23 1998 the first in 80 years not belonging to the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party.
 King of tha Supa Dupa Hyphy is a compilation album released by Keak da Sneak.
 Wishmaster is a 1997 American horror film directed by Robert Kurtzman. It was executive produced by Wes Craven—the only film of the Wishmaster series with his name attached. The plot of Wishmaster concerns a djinn (evil genie) an omnipotent supremely evil entity who is released from a jewel and seeks to capture the soul of the woman who discovered him thereby opening a portal and freeing his fellow djinn to inhabit the earth.
 Cheshmeh Gorgi (Persian: چشمه گرگي‎ also Romanized as Cheshmeh Gorgī and Chashmeh Gorgi; also known as Chashmeh Gogird Chashmeh Gorgīr and Cheshmeh Gorgīr) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 14 families.
 Odaiyakulam is a panchayat town in Coimbatore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Facidia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Crimebusters is a 1961 film directed by Boris Sagal. It stars Peter Mark Richman and Martin Gabel.
 Lambis millepeda common name the millipede spider conch is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae the true conchs.
 Angellah Jasmine Mbelwa Kairuki (born 10 September 1976) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and a special seat Member of Parliament since 2010. She is the current Deputy Minister for Justice and Constitutional Affairs.
 Kelly A. Ayotte (/ˈeɪɒt/ AY-ot; born June 27 1968) is an American politician and the junior United States senator from New Hampshire serving since 2011. A member of the Republican Party as of 2013 she is the only Republican in New Hampshire's four-member congressional delegation. She is also the youngest of the 20 female Senators.Born in Nashua New Hampshire Ayotte is a graduate from Pennsylvania State University and Villanova University School of Law.
 Yord-e Khalaf (Persian: يردخلف‎; also known as Yūrd-e Khalaf) is a village in Behdasht Rural District Kushk-e Nar District Parsian County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 694 in 128 families.
 Restaurant Amusé is a restaurant in East Perth Western Australia. It has won many awards including Restaurant of the Year and Best Fine Dining Restaurant in the national finals of the Savour Australia Restaurant & Catering Awards For Excellence 2010.The restaurant's chef Hadleigh Troy was trained by leading Perth chefs Alain Fabregues and Neal Jackson.
 Lady Sings the Blues (1956) is an autobiography by jazz singer Billie Holiday it was co-authored by William Dufty.The book was the basis of the 1972 film Lady Sings the Blues starring Diana Ross.
 Chynowie [xɨˈnɔvjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino within Wejherowo County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Gniewino 16 km (10 mi) west of Wejherowo and 51 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 516.
 The G-String Murders is a 1941 detective novel written by famed American burlesque performer Gypsy Rose Lee. There have been claims made that the novel was in fact written by Craig Rice but others have suggested that there is enough documented evidence in the form of manuscripts and correspondence to prove Lee wrote at least a large portion if not the whole of the novel herself under the tutelage of editor/friend George Davis with some essential guidance from her good friend Rice.
 Sisters or the Balance of Happiness (German: Schwestern oder Die Balance des Glücks) is a 1979 West German drama film written and directed by Margarethe von Trotta.
 Eugrapta angulata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 The Aqsunqur Mosque (also known as the Blue Mosque or the Mosque of Ibrahim Agha) is located in Cairo Egypt and is one of several blue mosques in the world.
 The Canticle of Whispers is a young adult fantasy novel by David Whitley.In an interview with ThirstforFiction David Whitley stated that the third book in the Agora Trilogy would be called The Canticle of Whispers. It would conclude the story that was started in The Midnight Charter presumably following the characters Mark and Lily.
 The Empire Hotel is a boutique hotel located along West 63rd Street (at Broadway) in the New York City borough of Manhattan.
 Advision Studios was a recording studio in West London.
 The Damara Woolly Bat (Kerivoula argentata) is a nocturnal insectivorous species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family found in Africa. Members of this species typically have reddish brown fur on their back and white fur on their stomach.Its natural habitat is moist savanna although it has also been shown to inhabit woodlands and coastal forests. These bats typically weight approximate 10 g and have both a low aspect ratio aspect ratio as well as low wing loading wing loading.
 The Huriwai River is a short river of New Zealand's North Island. It rises in rough hill country to the southeast of Port Waikato flowing west to reach the Tasman Sea five kilometres south of the mouth of the Waikato River.
 The Large Nutmeg (Apamea anceps) is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
 Charlie Siringo's West: An Interpretive Biography is a biography of former Pinkerton Detective Charlie Siringo by historian Howard R. Lamar. It was published by the University of New Mexico Press in 2005.
 The Shingwedzi River (Venda: Tshingwedzi; Tsonga: Xingwidzi; Afrikaans: Shingwedzirivier; Portuguese: Rio Singuédzi) is a river in Limpopo Province South Africa and Gaza Province Mozambique. It is a left hand tributary of the Olifants River (Rio dos Elefantes) and the northernmost river of its catchment area joining it at the lower end of its basin. The Shingwedzi is a seasonal river whose riverbed is dry for prolonged periods.
 Aldrichimica Acta is a scientific journal published by Sigma-Aldrich. Established in 1968 Aldrichimica Acta publishes reviews in the field of synthetic organic chemistry with each issue focusing on a special topic. The journal is open access.
 The Natural History of Alcoholism Revisited (1995) is a book by psychiatrist George E. Vaillant that describes two multi-decade studies of the lives of 600 American males non-alcoholics at the outset focusing on their lifelong drinking behaviours. By following the men from youth to old age it was possible to chart their drinking patterns and what factors may have contributed to alcoholism. Another study followed 100 severe alcoholics from a clinic eight years after their detoxification.
 Mirificarma lentiginosella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found from most of Europe (except Ireland Sweden Finland most of the Baltic region and part of the Balkan Peninsula) to the Ural Mountains and Turkey.The wingspan is 6.5-8.5 mm for males and 6–8 mm for females. The head is mid to dark brown. The forewings are dark brown with scattered pinkish buff scales.
 Lake Nineteen also known as Nineteen Lake is a 26-acre (11 ha) lake that is located in south-western Schoolcraft County Michigan in the Hiawatha National Forest. It is east of the county line with Alger and north of the county line with Delta County. Nearby lakes include Hugaboom Lake Mowe Lake Blue Lake Corner-Straits Chain of lakes Ironjaw Lake Verdant Lake and Round Lake.
 The Valea Andoliei River is a tributary of the Ghimbav river in Romania.
 Caesar Augustus Rodney (January 4 1772 – June 10 1824) was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington in New Castle County Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic-Republican Party who served in the Delaware General Assembly as well as a U.S. Representative from Delaware U.S. Senator from Delaware U.S. Attorney General and U.S. Minister to Argentina.
 Eddelu Manjunatha (Kannada: ಎದ್ದೇಳು ಮಂಜುನಾಥ English: Wake Up Manjunatha) is a Kannada film written and directed by director Guruprasad. This is Guruprasad's second film after the black comedy Mata (film). It was produced by journalist producer and director V. Sanath Kumar.
 Who's That Girl: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a soundtrack album by American singer-songwriter Madonna from the film of the same name and was released on July 21 1987 by Sire Records. It also contains songs by her label mates Scritti Politti Duncan Faure Club Nouveau Coati Mundi and Michael Davidson. The soundtrack is credited as a Madonna album despite her only performing four of the nine tracks on the album.
 Françoise David CQ (born January 13 1948) is a spokesperson of Québec solidaire – a left-wing feminist and sovereigntist political party in the province of Quebec Canada. She was elected to serve as the Member of the National Assembly in the riding of Gouin in the 2012 Quebec election. Quebec Solidaire was born from the merger of Option Citoyenne with l'Union des Forces Progressistes.
 Black Eyed Man is a 1992 album by Cowboy Junkies.The album continues the band's evolution from a spare country blues style (exemplified by 1988's The Trinity Session) to a more mainstream country rock style. However the album was better received by critics than 1990's The Caution Horses.American songwriter Townes Van Zandt wrote Cowboy Junkies Lament especially for the band. Michael Timmins returned the favor penning Townes' Blues as a tribute to Van Zandt.
 The Bellamonter Rottum is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Research on Social Work Practice is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of social work including community practice organizational management and the evaluation of social policies. The journal's editor-in-chief is Bruce A. Thyer (Florida State University College of Social Work). It was established in 1991 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Society for Social Work and Research.
 Mazraeh (Persian: مزرعه‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh; also known as Khalīl Sarferāz) is a village in Rostaq Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 R. S. Wanasundera was the 27th Solicitor General of Sri Lanka. He was appointed on 1972 succeeding Hector Deheragoda and held the office until 1974. He was succeeded by Shiva Pasupati.
 Probainognathus (Greek: progressive jaw) is a genus of meat-eating mammal-like reptile (Therapsids) that lived during the lower Upper Triassic of South America. This creature had an incipient squamosal-dentary jaw-cranium joint which is a clearly mammalian anatomical feature. It was at the very least closely related to the family of Chiniquodontidae in which some authors have included it.
 Immanuel Evangelical Lutheran Church is a Lutheran church located in Boise Idaho. The church was organized on January 22 1906 as the Swedish Lutheran Church of the Augustana Synod. It was associated with the Augustana Evangelical Lutheran Church a Lutheran church body founded by Swedish immigrants. The current church building was built in 1908 and was dedicated on September 22 1915. Because the founders were Scandinavian the church services were first held in the Swedish language.
 The Assistant (1957) is Bernard Malamud's second novel.
 Gigantolaelaps mattogrossensis is a mite from the Americas. It has been found on the marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris) hispid cotton rat (Sigmodon hispidus) black rat (Rattus rattus) brown rat (Rattus norvegicus) and white-footed mouse (Peromyscus leucopus) in the United States (Florida Georgia South Carolina and Texas). In Venezuela it has been recorded from Holochilus brasiliensis Sigmodon hirsutus and Marmosa robinsoni.
 The Sphagnum Frog (Philoria sphagnicolus) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family. Its natural habitats are subtropical moist upland forests subtropical moist montane forests and Streams. They vary in color from shades of yellow and orange. They usually have irregular black spots that range all over their body. Their main source of diet comes from small insects and that are usually ants. This species has been classified as endangered in 2004.
 Sobger River is a river in northern New Guinea Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Taritatu River.
 Ayaal is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by Suresh Unnithan. Lal Iniya Lakshmi Sharma and Lena play the lead roles. The story screenplay and dialogue of the film is written by Dr. K. Ampady. The film is produced by Madhusoodanan Mavelikara (Seashell Movies) and M. T. Dileep Kumar (Elements Vision). The cinematography is by Sujith Vasudev. Ayaal was earlier titled Nagabandham. The film released on 28 June 2013.Ayaal is a story on intense human relations.
 Hallelujah! I'm A Bum is the seventh studio album by Chicago-based rock band Local H. Interviews with the band have revealed that it is a concept album based on politics in the United States. Although the album was completed in spring of 2012 the band chose to release it in September as to be closer to the 2012 Presidential Election.
 Mister Butler is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2000. It was a remake of Pandiarajan's Gopala Gopala released in 1996
 Lebanon Daily News is a local daily newspaper based in Lebanon Pennsylvania. The main office is located on 718 Poplar Street. It publishes as an afternoon paper Monday through Friday and as a morning paper on Saturday and Sunday.
 The Scarlet-collared Flowerpecker (Dicaeum retrocinctum) is a member of the family Dicaeidae about 10 cm long and is endemic to the Philippines.It is found only in Mindoro usually occurring below 1000m in the canopy and edge of the forest and in open country with scattered trees. The call is a series of notes similar to striking two stones together plus a high-pitched `zeet zeet zeet`.
 A Bankrupt Honeymoon is a 1926 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Hida River (飛騨川 Hida-gawa) has its source in Mount Norikura (乗鞍岳 Norikura-ga-take) in Takayama Gifu Prefecture Japan. It flows from the northern to the southern section of the prefecture before emptying into the Kiso River in Minokamo.
 Sea Monsters: A Prehistoric Adventure is a film by National Geographic which is set in the Earth's prehistoric past 70 million years ago. The film features state-of-the-art three-dimensional photographic and computer-generated characters/animals along with an ambient score. The setting alternates between prehistory and modern day times in which scientists study the fossilized remains of the creatures in the film. It is filmed in 3D and requires 3D glasses to view correctly.
 Pana Pappas Merchant (born April 2 1943) is a Liberal Senator from the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. A teacher and business woman Mrs. Merchant has played an active role in cultural political and advocacy groups in Saskatchewan. Her charitable and volunteer work has been with Canadian Parents for French Immigrant Women and the CWL. She is a past Board Member of the Canadian Race Relations Foundation (1996–2002); The Mackenzie Art Gallery Volunteers; and the Regina Volunteer centre.
 Chiloglanis normani is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Côte d'Ivoire where it occurs in the Cavally River system. This species grows to a length of 4.6 centimetres (1.8 in) SL.
 Maksim Yurevich Sokolov (Russian: Максим Юрьевич Соколов tr. Maksim Yurevich Sokolov; born 29 September 1968) is a Russian economist and politician who is the current Minister for Transportation Since May 21 2012.
 The Confidente is a weekly tabloid newspaper in Namibia. It was established by Max Hamata in 2011 as a weekly newspaper it publishes in English.
 Northampton is the 6th album and 2nd official live album for Enter the Haggis. It became available May 4 2006. It is the third album on their current label UFO Music (United for Opportunity) and was produced by the band and Zach McNees.The album was recorded entirely live at the Iron Horse Music Hall in Northampton Massachusetts on March 9 and 10 2007.The band had performed at Iron Horse Music Hall several times in the past and so could count on sold out shows.
 Sisir Adhikari is former Union Minister of State for Rural Development in the Manmohan Singh government. He was elected to the 15th Lok Sabha from Kanthi with Trinamool Congress ticket.Born in an affluent family of freedom fighters their home was burnt thrice by the British between 1929 and 1943.[citation needed] The 71-year-old Adhikari represents the rural face of Trinamool Congress.
 A Devil and Her Love Song (悪魔とラブソング Akuma to Love Song) is a shōjo manga by Miyoshi Tomori first serialized in Biweekly Margaret and licensed by Viz Media.
 The Brăteni River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
 The Same Old Blood Rush with a New Touch is Cute Is What We Aim For's debut album released on June 20 2006.
 Steven Offer (born November 4 1949) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. He was a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1985 to 1995 and was a cabinet minister in the government of David Peterson.
 Monkey Typhoon (アソボット戦記五九 Asobotto Senki Gokū literally Asobot Military History Goku) is a Japanese manga written by Tadashi Agi and illustrated by Romu Aoi. It was serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine between 2001 and 2002. It was later adapted into an anime series produced by the Avex group and anime studio Studio Egg which premiered between October 1 2002 and September 30 2003 on TV Tokyo.
 Billy Henry Robertson (May 5 1938 - June 27 2013) known as Bill Robertson was the Former mayor of the small city of Minden the parish seat of Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana United States. He was first elected on November 6 1990 and served for as mayor from January 1 1991 until his death. With 22.5 years in office Robertson was the longest-serving Minden mayor; the second longest-serving mayor John T.
 Khosrowabad-e Faleh Gori (Persian: خسروابادفعله گري‎ also Romanized as Khosrowābād-e Fa‘leh Gorī; also known as Khosrowābād Khosrowābād-e Fa‘leh Korī and Khūsrūābād) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District in the Central District of Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 127 in 24 families.
 Alucita jujuyensis is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in Argentina.
 Adivishnu is a movie released 21 August 2008 by Soubhagya Media Limited with Music of M M Srilekha being Produced by K Ramakrishna Prasad and Directed by Bharath Parepally.
 Collateral is a 2004 American crime thriller film directed by Michael Mann from a screenplay written by Stuart Beattie and starring Tom Cruise as a contract killer and Jamie Foxx as a taxi driver who finds himself his hostage. The film is set in Los Angeles California in January 2004 and the supporting cast includes Jada Pinkett Smith and Mark Ruffalo. Foxx and Cruise's performances were widely praised with Foxx being nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
 Hugh Culling Eardley Childers (25 June 1827 – 29 January 1896) was a British and Australian Liberal statesman of the nineteenth century. He is perhaps best known for his reform efforts at the Admiralty and the War Office. Later in his career as Chancellor of the Exchequer his attempt to correct a budget shortfall led to the fall of the Liberal government led by William Ewart Gladstone.
 Two Fingers My Friends is an album of remixes of tracks from Pop Will Eat Itself's 1994 album Dos Dedos Mis Amigos. It was released in two forms a single disc version and a limited edition double disc set and features remixes by various electronic industrial and hip-hop artists such as The Orb Hoodlum Priest and Jah Wobble.
 Bocana silenusalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widespread in Asia from India to Borneo.
 The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale is a novel by Joseph Conrad published in 1907. The story is set in London in 1886 and deals largely with the life of Mr. Verloc and his job as a spy. The Secret Agent is also notable as it is one of Conrad's later political novels which move away from his typical tales of seafaring. The novel deals broadly with the notions of anarchism espionage and terrorism.
 Aryan is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film action drama film directed by Priyadarshan starring Mohanlal Ramya Krishnan Sharat Saxena Shobana Sreenivasan Gavin Packard M. G. Soman and Goga Kapoor. Aryan tells the tale of underworld battle and emotional family bonds.
 Inside the Lines is a 1930 film starring Betty Compson.
 The Hodges House in the Greene County Illinois city of Carrollton is one of four sites in and around that city to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Hodges House also known as the Lee House or the Hodges Office Building and located in the city of Carrollton on North Main Street has been listed on the Historic Register since November 1980. The other three listed sites are the Carrollton Courthouse Square Historic District the Greene County Almshouse and the Henry T.
 Gözce is a village in Bozyazı district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated at the west bank of a creek and about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) north of the Mediterranean Sea coast. The state highway D.400 is at the south of the village. The distance to Bozyazı is 20 kilometres (12 mi) and to Mersin is 200 kilometres (120 mi). The population of the village is 847. as of 2011.
 Raymond Claiborne Osborne (September 7 1933 – March 3 2011) was a Florida Republican Party politician who served as the first Lieutenant Governor of Florida under the state constitution of 1968 and the state's first lieutenant governor since 1889. Appointed by Republican Governor Claude R. Kirk Jr. Osborne was sworn in on January 7 1969.Osborne practiced law in Boca Raton Florida for many years until his death in March 2011.
 Chiroteuthis veranyi commonly known as the long-armed squid is a species of chiroteuthid squid. It grows to a mantle length of 12.5 cm and a total length of 130 cm.The type specimen was collected in the Mediterranean Sea by Jean Baptiste Vérany and is deposited at the Muséum d'Histoire Naturelle (Musée Barla) in Nice France.
 Tjeldsund Church (Norwegian: Tjeldsund kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tjeldsund in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Hol i Tjeldsund. The church is part of the Tjeldsund parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1863 and it seats about 420 people.
 Outposts Journeys to the surviving relics of the British Empire (ISBN 0141011890) is a book by Simon Winchester. It details his travels to each of the remaining dependencies of the British Empire and was first published in 1985 under the title The Sun Never Sets: Travels to the Remaining Outposts of the British Empire.
 Undercard is an album by indie-rock band The Extra Lens which features members of The Mountain Goats and Nothing Painted Blue. The album was released on October 19 2010.
 The Journal of Religious History is an international peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Religious History Association. It covers current work in the history of religions. It also examines the relation of religions with other aspects of human experience.
 Berhane Habtemariam (Tigrinya: በርሃነ ሀብተማርአም) was the first Auditor-General of Eritrea. He was trained as an accountant in the United Kingdom.In January 2007 he was awarded a special commendation for promoting ethics and professionalism in his capacity as Auditor-General. He was the first African to receive this award.
 The Mount St. Sepulchre Franciscan Monastery is located at 14th and Quincy Streets in the Brookland neighborhood of Northeast Washington D.C. It includes gardens replicas of various shrines throughout Israel a replica of the catacombs in Rome an archive a library as well as bones of Saint Benignus of Armagh brought from the Roman Catacombs and originally in the Cathedral of Narni Italy.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Tratel River in Romania
 Kuch (Persian: كوچ‎ also Romanized as Kūch; also known as Kooch Nahar Khan and Kūch-e Now Ferest) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 44 families.
 The Woodward News is a six-day daily newspaper based in Woodward Oklahoma. The newspaper is distributed six mornings per week Tuesday through Sunday. The newspaper is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. The newspaper is 50 cents daily and $1 Sunday. It began publication in 1984.
 Pseudopaludicola riopiedadensis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 The Last Song is a 2010 American coming of age teen romantic drama film developed alongside Nicholas Sparks' novel by the same name. The film was directed by Julie Anne Robinson in her feature film directorial debut and co-written by Sparks and Jeff Van Wie. The Last Song stars Miley Cyrus Liam Hemsworth and Greg Kinnear and follows a troubled teenager as she reconnects with her estranged father and falls in love during a summer in a quiet Southern United States beach town.
 The Riding Club Crime is the 172nd volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series of books. It was released in 2003.
 Chagha Sorkhak (Persian: چغاسرخك‎ also Romanized as Chaghā Sorkhak; also known as Chaghā Sorkheh) is a village in Haparu Rural District in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 419 in 67 families.
 Cà Berlone also named Cà Berloni is a small village (curazia) of San Marino. It belongs to the municipality of San Marino.
 The small scaled nothobranch (Nothobranchius microlepis) is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family. It is endemic to Kenya. Its natural habitat is intermittent freshwater marshes.
 The Headsman (aka Shadow of the Sword Au. Henker) is a 2005 film directed by Simon Aeby. Set in early 16th century Tyrol it is set before the background of the turmoils of the Lutheran Reformation. It was filmed in Austria and Hungary.The film was nominated for the Grand Prix des Amériques at the Montréal World Film Festival in 2005.
 Porcellionides myrmecophilus is a woodlouse that can be found on islands such as Crete Cyprus Cyclades Dodecanese North Aegean Sardinia Sicily and on both Greek and Italian mainlands.
 Wizard Lake is a lake in Alberta located south of Calmar. It is a popular recreation spot due to its proximity to Edmonton.
 Issei Nishikawa (西川 一誠 Nishikawa Issei born January 2 1945) is the governor of Fukui Prefecture in Japan. He was elected first in 2003. A native of Asahi Fukui and graduate of Kyoto University he joined the Ministry of Home Affairs in 1968.
 Return also Return: A Case of Passion is a 1985 independent mystery film written directed and co-produced by Andrew Silver. It was Silver's debut theatrical work.
 Mesaster is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Manon (French pronunciation: ​[manɔ̃]) is a 1949 French film directed by Henri-Georges Clouzot. It is a loose adaptation of the 1731 novel Manon Lescaut by Abbé Prévost. Clouzot updates the setting to World War II making the story about a French Resistance fighter who rescues a woman from villagers convinced she is a Nazi collaborator.The film won the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival.
 Fools of Fortune is a 1990 Irish and British drama film directed by Pat O'Connor and starring Iain Glen Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio Julie Christie Catherine McFadden Amy Joyce Hastings and Michael Kitchen. It depicts a Protestant family caught up in the conflict between the British Army and the IRA during the Irish War of Independence. It was filmed on location in Dublin County Westmeath Galway and at Ardmore Studios.This film is based on the 1983 novel by Irish writer William Trevor.
 The St Mary's Church is a Church of England parish church at Thatcham in the English county of Berkshire. The church is dedicated to the Virgin Mary.
 The Other Side Of Sevi is the first acoustic album of the Bulgarian rock band Sevi which was recorded live on November 30 2012 and released on February 13 2013. The band made the concert as a part of the music video promo of their third single Victim.
 The Scarecrow is a 2009 novel written by award-winning American author Michael Connelly. It was Connelly's 21st book (20th novel) and the second featuring as the main character Jack McEvoy a reporter now living in Los Angeles and FBI agent Rachel Walling. As a result it is a sequel to the events in Connelly's 1996 novel The Poet although another Connelly novel The Narrows was published in 2004 as the official sequel to The Poet.
 Rideau Centre (Centre Rideau in French) is a three-level shopping centre on Rideau Street in Downtown Ottawa Ontario Canada. It borders on Rideau Street (and the Byward Market) the Rideau Canal the Mackenzie King Bridge and Nicholas Street.
 Nacpolsk [ˈnat͡spɔlsk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-west of Płońsk and 61 km (38 mi) north-west of Warsaw.The village has a population of 840.
 Gary Williams is a Democratic politician and former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He briefly servied the 197th district running in a special election to fill the last eight months of Jewell Williams' term. Williams has served as an aide to a variety of politicians including Philadelphia City Councilors John F. Street and Darrell Clarke and state representatives Frank L. Oliver and Michelle Brownlee[1]
 La Cousine Bette (French pronunciation: ​[la kuzin bɛt] Cousin Bette) is an 1846 novel by French author Honoré de Balzac. Set in mid-19th century Paris it tells the story of an unmarried middle-aged woman who plots the destruction of her extended family. Bette works with Valérie Marneffe an unhappily married young lady to seduce and torment a series of men. One of these is Baron Hector Hulot husband to Bette's cousin Adeline.
 Mark Murphy Sings is a 1975 studio album by Mark Murphy.
 Coots in the North is the name given by Arthur Ransome's biographer Hugh Brogan to an incomplete Swallows and Amazons novel found in Ransome's papers. Brogan edited and published the first few chapters as a fragment with a selection of Ransome's other short stories in 1988. The story starts in the Broads but continues in the Lake District after the Death and Glories hitch a ride aboard a boat being delivered to the Lake in the North.
 Alienigma is the fifth album from the US speed metal band Agent Steel. The album was released by Mascot Records on August 31 2007.
 Rahmatabad-e Do (Persian: رحمت اباد2‎ also Romanized as Raḩmatābād-e Do; also known as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Fathabad Rural District in the Central District of Baft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Epicyme is a genus of moth in the Geometridae family.
 Nabeshima Naohiro or Nabeshima Chokudai (鍋島 直大 October 17 1846 – June 19 1921) was the 11th and final daimyō of Saga Domain in Hizen Province Kyūshū Japan. Before the Meiji Restoration his name was Nabeshima Mochizuru (鍋島 茂実) and his honorary title was Hizen-no-Kami.
 Mian Volan-e Vosta (Persian: ميان ولان وسطي‎ also Romanized as Mīān Volān-e Vosţá) is a village in Doab Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 9 families.
 The Weak and the Wicked is a 1954 British drama film directed by J. Lee Thompson based on the book by his wife Joan Henry starring Glynis Johns and Diana Dors.Based on a best-selling book and prison experiences of author Joan Henry director J. Lee Thompson’s prison saga explores the life of inmates behind bars where innocence is lost in the world of vice. Despite its pulpy pot-boiler title the film settles for earnest social drama over melodrama.
 EP1 is a 2013 EP by American alternative rock band Pixies. Apart from the 2004 single Bam Thwok and a cover of Warren Zevon's Ain't That Pretty At All this EP along with the 2013 single Bagboy is the first new material from the band in more than 20 years. This is the first album they have released without founding member Kim Deal who quit earlier in the year.
 The Queen was a 2009 British drama-documentary showing Queen Elizabeth II at different points during her life. Broadcast on Channel 4 over five consecutive nights from 29 November 2009 the Queen was portrayed by a different actress in each episode. The Queen was portrayed by Emilia Fox Samantha Bond Susan Jameson Barbara Flynn and Diana Quick. Katie McGrath played Princess Margaret in the first episode and Lesley Manville played Margaret Thatcher in the third episode.
 Mabel and Fatty's Wash Day is a 1915 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 The Church of the Epiphany and St. Mark Parkdale is a small inclusive parish of the Anglican Church of Canada located in Toronto Ontario. The church was founded upon the amalgamation of The Church of the Epiphany and The Church of St. Mark Parkdale in 1983.
 Waru (悪女) is a Japanese Josei manga Written and illustrated by Jun Fukami.The manga was published in Kodansha's semimonthly manga magazine Be・Love from 1988 to 1997. In 1991 manga has win 15th Kodansha Manga Award in general category. Manga was collected in thirty-seven tankōbon volumes. The first volume was released on July 13 1989 and last on July 11 1997.In 1992 manga was adapted into television drama.
 The Katanga Masked Weaver (Ploceus katangae) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.
 To See You is American artist Harry Connick Jr.'s album of love songs recorded with a symphony orchestra released in 1997. The inspiration for this was a flight attendant really Connick says. She asked if I had any romantic records and I thought maybe it was time to do a romantic album.Connick toured the United States and Europe with a full symphony orchestra backing him and his piano in each city.
 The Best of OMD is a compilation album by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released in 1988.The record essentially delineates the group's experimental early years from their pop-oriented later work: side one features recordings from 1979–1984 while side two is drawn from the group's 1984–1988 efforts. It was a worldwide success becoming a Top 5 hit across Europe and achieving 3x platinum sales in the United Kingdom.
 Catocala sultana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Tunisia Morocco and Algeria.Some authors consider it a subspecies (Catocala optata sultana) or even a form of Catocala optata.
 Lake Sugema [Pronounced sōō•jē’•mə](+40° 41' 22.85 -91° 59' 39.01) is a man-made 574-acre (2.32 km2) lake 3 miles (4.8 km) southwest of Keosauqua Van Buren County in southeast Iowa United States. It is located south of the Des Moines River west of State Highway 1 and north of State Highway 2.The maximum depth of the lake is 34 feet (10 m) with a mean depth 9.3 feet (2.8 m) and drainage of 11480 acres (46.5 km2). The lake was designed as a high quality fishing lake.
 Paul Raymond Babeu (pronounced BAB-you; born February 3 1969) is the elected sheriff of Pinal County in the U.S. state of Arizona. First voted into office in 2008 by defeating the Democratic incumbent Babeu became the first Republican Sheriff elected in the history of Pinal County. He has received national media attention for speaking out against illegal immigration the unsecured U.S.
 Araeopaschia demotis is a species of snout moths in the genus Araeopaschia. It was described by Meyrick in 1887 and is known from Australia.
 The Dumbrăvița River is a tributary of the Bicaci River in Romania
 Henry George Percy 7th Duke of Northumberland KG PC FRS (29 May 1846 – 14 May 1918) styled Lord Lovaine between 1865 and 1867 and Earl Percy between 1867 and 1899 was a British Conservative politician. He served as Treasurer of the Household under Benjamin Disraeli between 1874 and 1875 and was Chairman of the National Union of Conservative and Constitutional Associations from 1879 to 1883.
 Aliabad (Persian: علي اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 73 in 20 families.
 John Esp is a Republican member of the Montana Legislature. He was elected to House District 61 which represents the Big Timber area. Esp previously served 4 terms in the Senate and 1 term in the House.
 Wild at Honey is the second studio album by Japanese rock band Guitar Vader released in 2000. The album was their first release on Compact Disc following an album and several short releases on cassette tape. It was named for the Beach Boys album Wild Honey.
 Typhlocypris cavicola is a species of ostracod crustacean in the family Candonidae. It is endemic to Slovenia where it is only known from Krška Jama.
 Acrosemia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Georgia Voice (styled as GA Voice on the masthead) is a LGBT-oriented bi-weekly newspaper based in Atlanta Georgia. The paper updates online daily and produces a print edition every two weeks. The newspaper debuted on March 19 2010.The paper is the result of the financial collapse of Window Media in November 2009. With the closure of Window Media Atlanta lost its primary LGBT newspaper Southern Voice.
 The Painted Hills also known as Lassie's Adventures in the Goldrush is a 1951 action film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) and directed by Harold F. Kress. Adapted by True Boardman from Alexander Hull's novel Shep of the Painted Hills the film stars Paul Kelly Ann Doran and dog actor Pal (as Lassie) in a story about a collie named Shep who seeks revenge after her master is murdered. The Painted Hills was the seventh and final MGM Lassie film released.
 Thaikattussery is a village in the Cherthala taluk of the Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala.
 José Nía Rivera Díaz is a Puerto Rican businessman and former politician. He was mayor of Trujillo Alto from 1977 to 1980.Rivera is married to Christina Schätz. They have two daughters: Linda and Sylvia and a son: Thomas who is a Puerto Rican Senator and former President of the Senate of Puerto Rico.
 Pawtucket Armory is an historic site at 172 Exchange Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island. It is currently home to the Pawtucket Armory Arts Center.The armory was built in 1894 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.From 2005 to 2010 the armory housed the Jacqueline M. Walsh School for the Performing and Visual Arts.
 Dipika Damerla is a Member of Provincial Parliament in Ontario for the Mississauga East—Cooksville riding in Mississauga.
 Live/1975–85 is a live album by Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band. It consists of 40 tracks recorded at various concerts between 1975 and 1985. It was released as a box set with either five vinyl records three cassettes or three CDs. There was also a record club only release which came on three 8-track cartridges which is extremely hard to find.
 Daylight Robbery is a thriller novel written by Surender Mohan Pathak a Hindi writer from Delhi India.Originally published in 1980 by Shanu Paperbacks it was translated into English by Sudarshan Purohit and published by Blaft Publications Chennai India in 2010.It is the 8th novel in the Vimal series and revolves around the robbery of a payroll van in Agra.
 Cryoturris citronella is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 A Fatal Grace by Louise Penny is the second novel in the Three Pines Mysteries series which feature Inspector Armand Gamache.
 American Seating Company Factory Complex is a historic manufacturing plant in Grand Rapids Michigan.
 Poetry for the Poisoned is the ninth studio album from metal band Kamelot.
 The Post-War Dream is the eighth book by American author Mitch Cullin and was published by Random House in March 2008.Initial reviews of the novel were mixed with Kirkus calling it a misstep in Cullin's unpredictable adventurous and alas frustratingly uneven oeuvre and Publishers Weekly dismissing the work as sterile. But subsequent pre-publication reviews from Booklist Library Journal and The Denver Post were positive.In the March 16 edition of the Los Angeles Times Book Review and simultaneously published the Chicago Tribune critic Donna Seaman praised the book stating: In this exacting suspenseful elegiac yet life-embracing novel Cullin reminds us that no boundaries separate the personal and communal the past and present the false and true.
 Ammaiyappan is a village in the Kudavasal taluk of Tiruvarur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Hydeout Productions 1st Collection is a compilation album the first album released by Nujabes' Hydeout Productions. It showcases Nujabes' style of combining the music genres of hip hop and jazz and features artists Funky DL Apani B Substantial Shing02 L-Universe Pase Rock Five Deez and Cise Starr.Hydeout Productions 1st Collection received critical praise.
 Zelengora is a mountain range in the Sutjeska National Park of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It has a highest altitude of 2014 metres (6608 ft).
 The Citizen is a newspaper based in Juba the national capital of South Sudan and the state capital of Central Equatoria.The newspaper was first founded during the second period of autonomy for what was then known as Southern Sudan the ten states in the deep south of the Republic of the Sudan in 2006. It became South Sudan's largest newspaper when the country formally declared independence on 9 July 2011.
 Razaviyeh (Persian: رضويه‎ also Romanized as Raẕavīyeh and Raẕavīeh; also known as Rīzgūn) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District Deyhuk District Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 21 in 4 families.
 D is the debut album of composer Deuter released in 1971 through Kuckuck Schallplatten.
 The Timid Young Man is a 1935 short comedy film featuring Buster Keaton.
 Sir William Cordell (1522–1581) was Solicitor General and Master of the Rolls during the reign of Queen Mary I and Speaker of the House of Commons during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I.Following the dissolution of the Monasteries Henry VIII granted the manor of Long Melford to Cordell.
 Lac de Melu is a lake in Corsica France. At an elevation of 1710 m its surface area is 0.065 km².It is close to Lac de Capitellu in the commune of Corte.
 Il Cuore nel Pozzo (Italian for The heart in the pit; often reported in Croatian media with the translation Srce u jami and in Slovene Srce v breznu) is a TV movie produced by state broadcaster RAI that focuses on the escape of a group of children from Tito's partisans in the aftermath of World War II as they start an ethnic cleansing of all Italians from Istria and the Julian March. The word pit in the movie's title refers to a foiba indicating foibe massacres.
 The Cinquefoil Skipper (Pyrgus cirsii) is a species of skipper (family Hesperiidae). It has a scattered distribution in central and southern Europe.This species has a wingspan of 26–28 mm and typically of its genus can be very difficult to identify in the field.
 The William B. Spencer House is a historic house at 11 Fairview Avenue in the Phenix village of West Warwick Rhode Island. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1869-70 and is an elaborate and well-preserved instance of Late Victorian Italianate style. The house has an L shape with forward projecting gable section on the left in front of a rectangular main block.
 Qodratabad (Persian: قدرت اباد‎ also Romanized as Qodratābād; also known as Qodratābād-e Salār Mīzārī) is a village in Azizabad Rural District in the Central District of Narmashir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 603 in 117 families.
 Nicolás Arroyo Márquez (31 August 1917 in Havana Cuba - 13 July 2008 in Washington D.C.) was a Cuban architect diplomat and minister. He was the last Cuban Ambassador to the United States in 1958 before Fidel Castro's rise to power. He had previously served in the government of Fulgencio Batista as the Minister of Public Works (1952–1958).Arroyo was the third of five children born to lawyer Nicholas Arroyo and Hortensia Marquez.
 Xerocrassa subrogata is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 Sir Alan Frederick Tommy Lascelles GCB GCVO CMG MC (11 April 1887 – 10 August 1981) was a British courtier and civil servant who held several positions in the first half of the twentieth century culminating in his position as Private Secretary to both King George VI and to Queen Elizabeth II. He wrote the Lascelles Principles in a 1950 letter to the editor of The Times using the pen-name Senex.
 David Edward Bonior (born June 6 1945) is an American politician from the US state of Michigan. First elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1976 Bonior served as Democratic whip in the House from 1991 to 2002 during which time Democrats were in both the majority (1991–1995) and minority (1995–2002) making Bonior the third and second highest-ranking Democrat in the House respectively.
 James S. Oddo (born January 12 1966) is a Republican politician from Staten Island currently serving as the Borough President of Staten Island.
 Srīpur is a Martian impact crater approximately 23 kilometers in diameter. It is located at -31.1°S 100.8°W southeast of the crater Dinorwic and northeast of the crater Tugaske. It is named for a town in Bangladesh and its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1991. According to a surface age map of Mars based on US Geological Survey data the area around Srīpur is from the Noachian epoch which places the area's age at 3.8 to 3.5 billion years ago.
 Edward S. Jerse (born 1959) of Euclid Ohio is an American politician of the Democratic party who served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives. In 2004 he ran for the Democratic nomination for U.S. representative for Ohio for the 14th congressional district (currently held by Republican incumbent Steven C. LaTourette) but lost to political novice Capri S.
 The Valea Mielului River is a tributary of the Turcu River in Romania.
 Auburn City Hall in Auburn Alabama built in 1933 is the city hall of Auburn Alabama. It was originally constructed as a post office in 1933 and like many post offices constructed during the Great Depression the building has a starved classical design typical of federal architecture with symmetrical style and pointed pediments and elements of colonial revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the U.S. Post Office in 1983.
 Sudzin [ˈsud͡ʑin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Żytno 32 km (20 mi) south-east of Radomsko and 98 km (61 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 Solitarily Speaking Of Theoretical Confinement is the second solo album by progressive metal guitarist Ron Jarzombek released in 2002. Every song follows a loose concept of basing each song's composition (Which are named after common phrases used in language) on certain songwriting systems created by Jarzombek himself (E.g. To B or Not to B consisting of 2 themes; Only using the note B (To B) and using every note except for B (Not to B)).
 Danger on Midnight River is the sixth novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen. It was published on July 1 1995 by Random House.
 Góry [ˈɡurɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Korczew 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 115 km (71 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Mowtowr-e Hay-e Hur-e Olya (Persian: موتورهاي حورعليا‎ also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Hāy-e Ḩūr ‘Olyā; also known as Ḩūr-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Hur Rural District in the Central District of Faryab County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 406 in 80 families.
 A Carolina Jubilee is a 2003 album by The Avett Brothers. The album became difficult to find but was scheduled to be a re-released in November 2012.
 Les S. Ihara Jr. (born April 19 1951 in Honolulu Hawaii) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Hawaii Senate since January 16 2013 representing District 10. Ihara served consecutively from 1995 until 2013 in the District 9 and District 10 seats having served consecutively in the Hawaii State Legislature from 1987 until 1995 in the Hawaii House of Representatives.
 David Bennett Mazur (December 14 1924 – October 11 1994) was an American Democratic Party politician who was elected to serve six terms in the New Jersey General Assembly where he represented the 37th Legislative District from 1982 until he was forced to resign in 1992 following a stroke.
 Robot Bastard! is a 17 minute short film and Rob Schrab's directorial debut.The film follows Robot Bastard on a mission to save the president's daughter Catherine.
 Resurrected is a 1989 drama film starring David Thewlis based on the story of the British soldier Philip Williams who is presumed dead and left behind in the Falklands but is accused of desertion when he reappears seven weeks after the Falklands War ends. The film was written by Martin Allen and directed by Paul Greengrass. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Warbonnet Peak at 10200 feet (3100 m) above sea level is the third highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Boise County. The peak is located 0.17 mi (0.27 km) west-northwest of Cirque Lake Peak its line parent.
 Star Hawks is a comic strip written through April 1979 by Ron Goulart followed by Archie Goodwin Roger McKenzie and Roger Stern. Comics veteran Gil Kane provided the artwork with uncredited help from Ernie Colón and Howard Chaykin. It began on October 3 1977 and ran through May 2 1981.Kane received the National Cartoonist Society Story Comic Strip Award for 1977 for his work on the strip.Besides scripting the strip Goulart wrote two Star Hawk prose novels: Empire 99 and The Cyborg King.
 Ahmed Ould Sid'Ahmed (born August 11 1949) is a Mauritanian diplomat and politician who has twice served as foreign minister from 1998 to 2001 and from 2005 to 2007.
 El Bobadal is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 Valentine's Night is a 2012 Hindi-language romantic thriller film directed by Krishan Kumar and Baadal featuring Payal Rohatgi Sangram Singh Rahul Minz Neha Thakur in the lead roles. The films music was composed by Astitva-The Band.The film produced by Kirshan Kumar and Sanjeev Malhotra was released on February 10 2012.
 Merry-Go-Round (Turkish: Atlıkarınca) is a 2010 Turkish drama film directed by İlksen Başarır which tells the story of a family dealing with incest. The film which is the second collaboration between writer-director İlksen Başarır and co-writer Mert Fırat following the former's award-winning directorial debut film Love in Another Language (Turkish: Başka Dilde Aşk) was selected for the 47th Antalya Golden Orange International Film Festival.
 His Holiness: The Secret Papers of Benedict XVI (Italian: Sua Santità. Le carte segrete di Benedetto XVI) is a book published by Italian journalist Gianluigi Nuzzi consisting of confidential letters and memos between Pope Benedict XVI and his personal secretary. The letters in the book portray the Vatican as a corrupt hotbed of jealousy intrigue and underhanded factional fighting.
 South Downs Mountain (13068 ft (3983 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Downs Mountain is the 27th highest peak in Wyoming. The summit is on the Continental Divide in both Shoshone and Bridger-Teton National Forests and it is 1.85 mi (2.98 km) south-southwest of Downs Mountain.
 FabricLive.05 is a DJ mix compilation album by Howie B as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Peleid (foaled 1970) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1973. After showing little promise in his early career he ran well in several important handicap races in 1973 before stepping up in class to record a 28/1 upset victory in the St Leger on 15 September. He was later sold and exported to stand as a breeding stallion in Hungary.
 Jenn McGinn (born in Charlottetown Prince Edward Island) is a Canadian politician who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia representing the electoral district of Vancouver-Fairview in a by-election on October 29 2008. She is the first openly lesbian MLA to serve in the British Columbian Legislature.
 Worlds of Weber: Ms. Midshipwoman Harrington and Other Stories is a collection of short works by David Weber published in hardcover in September 2008 by Subterranean Press. Mass market paperback and e-book editions were released in October 2009 by Baen Books.
 Shigefumi Matsuzawa (松沢 成文 Matsuzawa Shigefumi born April 2 1958) is the governor of Kanagawa Prefecture in Japan. A native of Kawasaki Kanagawa and graduate of Keio University he had served in the assembly of Kanagawa Prefecture for two terms since 1987 and in the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan for three terms since 1993. He was first elected governor of Kanagawa prefecture in 2003.
 The Church of Satan: A History of the World's Most Notorious Religion is a book by Blanche Barton. It provides a history of the Church of Satan. The author is an administrator of the Church.It was published in a 200 page paperback by Hell's Kitchen Productions on November 1 1990.A revised edition is currently in production by Blanche Barton and will include updated and expanded content.
 Raymond E. Cleary III is a Republican member of the South Carolina Senate representing the 34th District since 2004.
 Geeta Mukherjee (January 1 1924 – March 4 2000) was a political and social worker and a seven time Member of Parliament elected from the Panskura constituency from 1980 to 2000 in the Indian state of West Bengal being a Communist Party of India (CPI) candidate. She also remained the president of National Federation of Indian Women women's wing of Communist Party of India.
 The Continental Center is an office skyscraper located on New York City New York.Built in 1983 in the construction of Swanke Hayden Connell Architects the building is 41 stories tall and reaches the maximum height of 169 meters.
 George Milner Tozaka OBE better known as Milner Tozaka (born 21 October 1951) is a Solomon Islands diplomat and politician.
 Prnjavor is a village in the municipality of Batočina Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 186 people.
 The Night Brings Charlie is a 1990 horror film directed by Tom Logan and written by Bruce Carson.
 May Day is Matthew Ryan's debut album. It was released in 1997 on A&M Records.
 Samatice is a village in the municipality of Kutalli in Berat District Berat County Albania.
 The King-McBride Mansion at 26-28 S. Howard St. in Virginia City Nevada is a historic Italianate-style house that was built in 1876 not long after the Great Fire in October 1875.
 Love 65 (Swedish: Kärlek 65) is a 1965 Swedish drama film directed by Bo Widerberg. It was entered into the 15th Berlin International Film Festival. Bill Evans' Peace Piece featured in the soundtrack.
 Run for Cover is a 1955 western film directed by Nicholas Ray starring James Cagney Viveca Lindfors and in his final film Jean Hersholt. Distributed by Paramount Pictures this film was made in VistaVision.
 Whore is a 2008 drama film co-starring edited written produced and directed by Thomas Dekker. It was released on October 20 2008.
 Ayippuzha is a hamlet (thorp) in Pattannur Kannur district Kerala India. It lies on the banks of the Irikkur River in the south part of Pattannur. Economically and geographically it is a part of the town of Irikkur in the government records.
 The Waal or Rivier Waal (Waal River) is the main distributary branch of river Rhine flowing through the Netherlands. Approximately 80 km (50 mi) it is the major waterway connecting the port of Rotterdam to Germany. Before it reaches Rotterdam it joins with the Afgedamde Maas near Woudrichem to form the Boven Merwede. Along its length Nijmegen Tiel Zaltbommel and Gorinchem are towns of importance with direct access to the river.
 Norbreck Castle Hotel is a large hotel located on Queens Promenade in the Norbreck area of Blackpool Lancashire England on the sea front. The hotel has 480 bedrooms and 22 conference suites including the Norcalympia Conference Centre.
 The Seer is a young adult science fiction novel by David Stahler Jr. It is the second book in the Truesight trilogy and is followed by Otherspace.
 Contact is the third studio album by British indie soul group Noisettes released in the United Kingdom on 26 August 2012 by Mono-ra-rama. The album includes the single That Girl. The album peaked to number 30 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Michael Del Bane (February 24 1918 – November 8 1984) was a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives and chairman of the Public Utilities Commission. Del Bane was awarded the Phillips Medal of Public Service in 1980. He died of cancer at the age of 66.
 Special Moves is a live album by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai released on 23 August 2010 through Rock Action Records. Some of the formats in which the album was sold included a live performance documentary entitled Burning recorded at the same live shows.
 The Western Tatras (Slovak: Západné Tatry; Polish: Tatry Zachodnie) are mountains in the Tatras part of the Carpathian Mountains located on the Polish-Slovak borders. The mountains border the High Tatras in the east Podtatranská kotlina in the south Choč Mountains in the west and Rów Podtatrzański (Slovak: Podtatranská brázda) in the north.
 The Château de Flamarens is a castle in the commune of Flamarens in the Gers département of France.A castrum is mentioned on the site in 1289 and is believed to have been remodelled in the 14th century. Additional building work and alterations were made some time between 1469 and about 1475 by Jean de Cazanove for Jean de Grosolles. The northern part was built before 1536 by Georges Dauzières for Arnaud de Grossolles. Alterations were made in the 18th century (windows and interior decoration).
 Eupithecia harrisonata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North America from British Columbia to California.Adults have been recorded on wing from March to May and again from July to August.
 ¡Venganza! is a video album released by rock band My Chemical Romance. It is the second part of the concert in Mexico City Mexico on October 7 2007 and a follow-up to the previous DVD The Black Parade Is Dead!. These videos are stored on a bullet-shaped USB drive along with photos from the show. The flash drive is only available with a Revenge-style vest. Some photos of the Venganza show appear in the booklet for The Black Parade is Dead!.
 Pied Piper of Lovers published in 1935 is Lawrence Durrell's first novel. It is followed by Panic Spring which partly continues the actions of its characters. The novel is in large part autobiographical and focuses on the protagonist's childhood in India and maturation in London.
 The James Dixon House also known as Military View Farm is a historic farmhouse located near Milford Riley County Kansas. The house was the home of James Thomas Dixon a farmer stock raiser and local postmaster. Dixon began building the house in the 1870s and moved into the structure in late 1880 with his family. The two-story house was built at a cost of $10000 out of rusticated limestone block and is designed in an Italianate style.
 Torshishuiyeh (Persian: ترشي شوئيه‎ also Romanized as Torshīshū’īyeh; also known as Torshī Shū) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District in the Central District of Bafq County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Szumleś Szlachecki [ˈʂumlɛɕ ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Nowa Karczma 19 km (12 mi) east of Kościerzyna and 35 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 113.
 The United States Customhouse is a historic custom house located at Houston in Harris County Texas.
 James Kennedy is a Democratic former member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives representing the Rockingham 13th District starting in 2006.
 Hunor Kelemen (born October 18 1967 Cârţa) is a Romanian politician and Hungarian language writer. The current president of the Democratic Union of Hungarians in Romania (UDMR) he has been a member of the Romanian Chamber of Deputies since 2000 and was nominated as his party's candidate for the 2009 presidential election receiving 3.8% of the valid votes.
 The Albers Brothers Mill is a historic mill and contemporary apartment building located in Tacoma Washington United States. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Natkyigon is a village in Kale Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Kaneye is a village and commune of the Cercle of Goudam in the Tombouctou Region of Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 2418.
 Epicrocis spiculata is a species of snout moths in the genus Epicrocis. It was described by Balinsky in 1994. It is found in South Africa.
 Cavipalpia translucidella is a species of snout moth in the genus Cavipalpia. It was described by Ragonot in 1893. It is found in India.
 The Alamo Ranchhouse near Steamboat Nevada is a historic plantation style mansion that was built in 1887. Also known as the Moffat Ranchhouse it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The listing included one contributing building and one contributing structure.It is significant as the home of John Sparks governor of Nevada during 1903-08 and later as the home of cattle baron William H. Moffat.
 Anderson Barn in Hitchcock South Dakota United States was built in 1885. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Cham Morad (Persian: چم مراد‎ also Romanized as Cham Morād) is a village in Hendijan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Hendijan County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 338 in 65 families.
 Lee Chong Cheng (Chinese: 李從正; born 16 November 1965 in Macau) is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Macau. Lee Chong Cheng was first elected through the Labor functional constituency representing Employees Association Joint Candidature Commission (CCCAE) later directly elected through the Geographical constituency.
 Eurosia fuscipunctata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found on the Philippines.
 Aneuthetochorus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Aneuthetochorus bivestitus (Martins 1962) Aneuthetochorus conjunctus Napp & Martins 1984 Aneuthetochorus punctatus Martins Galileo & de-Oliveira 2009 Aneuthetochorus simplex Martins 1970↑
 The Peterhoff is a building in Shimla which has housed at least seven Viceroys and Governors General of India during the British Raj. It has been built in typical Tudor style - all wooden frames and shingled eaves.Its first occupant was James Bruce 8th Earl of Elgin who moved into the building in 1863.After India's independence from the British Empire the building served as the Punjab High Court.
 Gilles Chapadeau is a Canadian politician who was a Parti Québécois member of the National Assembly of Quebec for Rouyn-Noranda–Témiscamingue from 2012 to 2014.He was elected in the 2012 Quebec general election.
 Isaac W. Choy is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Hawaii House of Representatives since January 2009 representing District 23. Choy consecutively served from 2009 until 2013 in the District 24 seat.
 The Horn Book Magazine founded in Boston in 1924 is a bimonthly periodical about literature for children and young adults. The oldest of the magazines in the United States dedicated to reviewing children's literature it began as a suggestive purchase list prepared by Bertha Mahony Miller and Elinor Whitney Field proprietresses of the country's first bookstore for children The Bookshop for Boys and Girls.
 The Administrative Palace (Romanian: Palatul administrativ) in a building in Satu Mare Romania. At 97 metres it is the highest building in Transylvania and the fourth highest in the country. It is an example of brutalist style architecture.
 Vieno Johannes (Jussi) Sukselainen (12 October 1906 Paimio – 6 April 1995) was twice Prime Minister of Finland and four times Speaker of the Parliament.Sukselainen was born in Paimio. He was a member of the Centre Party. He died in Espoo.
 Cameron Run is a 3.0-mile-long (4.8 km) tributary stream of the Potomac River located in the U.S. state of Virginia. A third-order stream it is formed by the confluence of Backlick Run and Holmes Run. It flows eastward from Alexandria and forms the border between Fairfax County and Alexandria before opening into Hunting Creek and then into the Potomac River.
 Hellboy: Seed of Destruction is the first Hellboy comic book mini-series published by Dark Horse Comics. It was conceived and illustrated by Mike Mignola and scripted by John Byrne.This was in part the basis for the first Hellboy motion picture.
 Boonsboro Historic District is a national historic district at Boonsboro Washington County Maryland United States. The district includes 562 contributing elements. Its component buildings chronicle the town's development from its founding in 1792 through the mid 20th century. Most of the late 18th and early 19th century development in Boonsboro occurred along Main Street then part of a principal market road between Williamsport Hagerstown Frederick and Baltimore Maryland.
 St Leonards-on-Sea Congregational Church is a former Congregational church in St Leonards-on-Sea part of the town and borough of Hastings in East Sussex England. Considered one of the most ambitious Nonconformist buildings in Sussex the sandstone building of 1863 forms a significant landmark on one of the Victorian resort's main roads—despite the loss of its copper spire in the Great Storm of 1987.
 Tom Phillips is a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives representing the 67th district. His term began February 1 2012 upon the resignation of his predecessor Susan Mosier.
 Khorkhor-e Sofla (Persian: خرخرسفلي‎ also Romanized as Khorkhor-e Soflá; also known as Khor Khor and Khorkhor) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 90 in 18 families.
 The Sensitive Sound of Dionne Warwick is the fourth album by American singer singer Dionne Warwick released in 1965 on the Scepter label. It was produced by Burt Bacharach and Hal David.
 The Ryōunkaku (凌雲閣 Ryōunkaku lit. Cloud-Surpassing Pavilion or Cloud-Surpassing Tower) was Japan's first western-style skyscraper. It stood in the Asakusa district of Tokyo from 1890 until its demolition following the Great Kanto earthquake of 1923. The Asakusa Jūnikai (浅草十二階 lit. Asakusa Twelve-stories) as it was called affectionately by Tokyoites was the most popular attraction in Tokyo and a showcase for new technologies as it housed Japan's first electric elevator.
 Ossokmanuan Lake is a reservoir lake in western Labrador Newfoundland and Labrador Canada.
 The City Life Church is a multi-denominational church in Newport News VA. The City Life Church was launched in January 2005 in Regal Cinema Kiln Creek. In December 2008 The City Life Church moved to the campus of the Mosaic.Pastor Michael Giroux and family were the founding pastors. In 2007 Pastor Giroux moved to The City Church DC. Pastor Fred Michaux became the senior pastor in 2007 and currently serves in that position.
 Menschenwee is a 1921 Dutch silent film directed by Theo Frenkel.
 The Anarchist's Wife is a 2008 Franco-German film directed by Maria Noelle and Peter Sehr.The plot derives from the experience of Letelu's grandparents. Her grandfather an anarchist fought in Madrid against Francisco Franco's Nationalists during the Spanish Civil War. He was deported to a concentration camp then fought for the French Resistance.
 Bakırlı is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 189 people.
 Jastrebac (Serbian Cyrillic: Јастребац) is a mountain in central Serbia between cities of Niš Kruševac and Prokuplje. It consists of two massifs Great (Veliki) and Small (Mali) Jastrebac. Its highest peak Velika Dzulica has an elevation of 1492 meters above sea level. It is well-forested and presents a popular hiking and mountaineering destination.Jastrebac is bounded by the rivers of South Morava on the west Toplica on the south and Rasina on the east.
 Hallaxa fuscescens is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Actinocyclidae. There is some doubt regarding the correct taxonomic classification of this species.
 Centro Médico Excel or Excel Medical Center is a skyscraper in Tijuana Mexico. One of the most prominent buildings in the city it is the 3rd tallest building in Tijuana.It is located within the central business district of Tijuana the Zona Rio.
 Ilıca (literally Spa) is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°41′N 33°11′E its situated in the Toros Mountains to the west of Turkish state highway D.715 and Göksu River. Its distance to Mut is 25 kilometres (16 mi) and to Mersin is 190 kilometres (120 mi). The population of Ilıca was 559 as of 2012. It is a yayla and during the summers the population of the village increases. Main economic activity is agriculture and animal husbandry.
 Civilian Clothes is a surviving 1920 silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It stars Thomas Meighan and was directed by Hugh Ford. This film is based on a Broadway play Civilian Clothes by Thompson Buchanan. Thurston Hall played Meighan's part in the play. It is preserved at Gosfilmofond Russian Archives.
 Charles-Léon Metz (1 November 1842 – 25 June 1928) was a Luxembourgish politician and industrialist. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies for forty-three years (1875–1918) and served as Mayor of Esch-sur-Alzette from 1906 to 1909.The son of Auguste Metz and Petronille Laeis he was a member of the prominent Metz family and he entered the family business of metallurgy.
 Kogutud teosed. 1968–1980. Esimene osa. (Collected works. First part.) is the first compilation album by Estonian rock musician Urmas Alender coupled with Kogutud teosed. 1981–1993. Teine osa.. The album was produced by Alender's daughter Yoko.
 Mount Prindle is a granitic mountain in the Yukon-Tanana Uplands and is located approximately 45 miles (72 km) north-northeast of Fairbanks Alaska. The plutons that form the core of the Mount Prindle massif are Late Cretaceous or early Tertiary age. These plutons intruded older (Precambrian to Paleozoic) metamorphic rocks. Mount Prindle exhibits classic glacial landforms unlike most of the surrounding Yukon-Tanana Uplands.
 Migammana Ihalagammedda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 My World is the debut extended play (EP) by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber. It was released on 17 November 2009 by Island Records. The album is considered the first half of a two-piece project later being supplemented by his debut studio album My World 2.0 (2010). After signing a recording contract in light of his growing popularity on YouTube Bieber worked with collaborators including his mentor Usher in addition to producers Tricky Stewart The-Dream and Midi Mafia.
 The Braço Norte do Rio Itaúnas is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Fearless is a 1993 American drama film directed by Peter Weir and starring Jeff Bridges Isabella Rossellini Rosie Perez and John Turturro. It was written by Rafael Yglesias from his novel of the same name. It was shot entirely in California.[citation needed]Rosie Perez was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Carla Rodrigo. (She lost to Anna Paquin for The Piano.) The film was also entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Newington Junction Railroad Depot is located in Newington Connecticut. The depot was built in 1870 by the Boston Hartford and Erie Railroad on a railroad line originally owned by the Hartford Providence and Fishkill Railroad. Three years later it would become part of the New York and New England Railroad. The station was near a junction that served the former Hartford and New Haven Railroad. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 22 1986.
 The Yunnan hare (Lepus comus) is a species of mammal in the Leporidae family. It was considered endemic to China (mainly in Yunnan) but its presence was recorded in northern Myanmar in 2000.
 No Witch is The Cave Singers' third album released February 22 2011 on Jagjaguwar.
 Housos vs. Authority is an Australian film based upon the stories and characters of the Housos television series created by Paul Fenech.The film was released to Australian cinemas on November 1 2012 following several pre-release screenings around the country. Directed produced and written by Fenech the film was made for a modest budget of $200000 and was distributed by Transmission Films. Upon release the film was a box office success grossing $1386692 throughout Australia.
 Praeparasitus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 David James Sanders (born January 21 1975) institutional advancement official for a Christian college preparatory school in Little Rock Arkansas who has been since 2013 a Republican member of the Arkansas State Senate. His District 15 encompasses Conway County and parts of Faulkner Perry Pulaski and Van Buren counties.From 2011 to 2013 he served a term in the Arkansas House of Representatives from Pulaski County.
 Xanthodisca astrape the False Pathfinder Skipper is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Sierra Leone Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Togo Nigeria Cameroon Equatorial Guinea Gabon the Republic of Congo the Central African Republic the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of the edges of forests and forest clearings.Adults of both sexes are attracted to flowers.The larvae feed on Trachyphrynium braunianum.
 Aurora's Whole Realms Catalog is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published for the Forgotten Realms setting.
 The Forty-First (Russian: Сорок первый Sorok pervyy) is a 1956 Soviet film based on the eponymous novel by Boris Lavrenyev. It was directed by Grigori Chukhrai and starred Izolda Izvitskaya and Oleg Strizhenov. The film is set during the Russian Civil War and tells the story of a tragic romance between a female sniper of the Red Army and an officer of the White Army.
 Firuzian (Persian: فيروزيان‎ also Romanized as Fīrūzīān; also known as Farīzbān and Ferīzīān) is a village in Beradust Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 452 in 77 families.
 William Hall Milton (March 2 1864 – January 4 1942) was a US Senator from Florida who served as a Democrat.
 The Compton Building is a historic building at 159 161-175 Devonshire Street and 18-20 Arch Street in Boston Massachusetts.It was built in 1902 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Love Don't Run is the third studio album by American country music artist Steve Holy. It was released on September 13 2011 via Curb Records. The album includes an acoustic version of Holy's 2001 number one single Good Morning Beautiful.If It Gets You Where You Wanna Go was covered by Canadian country music artist Dallas Smith on his debut album Jumped Right In and released as a single in March 2012.
 William Duane Benton (born 1950 in Springfield Missouri) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
 Thượng Lan is a commune (xã) and village in Việt Yên District Bắc Giang Province in northeastern Vietnam.Thượng Lan includes Cham Ha Thuong Son Ha Ha Ha Boi Ruong Nguon
 Shinkai (深海) is the 5th studio album recorded by Japanese rock band Mr. Children released in June 1996 under the record label Toy's Factory.After their breakthrough in 1994 Mr. Children yielded eight consecutive chart-topping singles.
 Kostki Duże [ˈkɔstki ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Busko-Zdrój and 48 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Carl Michael Sciortino Jr. (pronounced shor-TEE-no; born July 6 1978) is an American politician from Massachusetts. A Democrat he is a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives representing the 34th Middlesex district. The district includes parts of Medford and Somerville. Sciortino was a candidate for the Democratic nomination in the 2013 special election to succeed Ed Markey as a U.S. Representative for Massachusetts's 5th district.
 The Sheard's Mill Covered Bridge is located in East Rockhill Township and Haycock Township Bucks County Pennsylvania next to the Levi Sheard Mill. The bridge was built in 1873 and is 15-foot-wide (4.6 m) and 130-foot-long (40 m) making it one of Bucks County's longest bridges. The bridge crosses the Tohickon Creek on Covered Bridge Road.The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1980.
 Running with Scissors is the tenth studio album by Weird Al Yankovic released on June 29 1999. It was the fourth studio album self-produced by Yankovic. The musical styles on the album are built around parodies and pastiches of pop and rock music of the late-1990s largely targeting alternative rock and hip-hop alike.
 Gerald M. Jerry McNerney (born June 18 1951) is an engineer energy specialist and the U.S. Representative for California's 9th congressional district serving in Congress since 2007. He is a member of the Democratic Party. The district numbered as the 11th District until 2013 is based in Stockton and includes parts of San Joaquin County East Contra Costa County and southern Sacramento County.McNerney holds a Ph.D in mathematics.
 Leopardi is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 72 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Leopardi is named for the Italian writer Giacomo Leopardi who lived from 1798 to 1837.
 In the Shadow of the Moon is a 2007 British documentary film about the United States' manned missions to the Moon. It premiered at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival where it won the World Cinema Audience Award. In March 2008 it was the first film to win the Sir Arthur Clarke Award for Best Film Presentation. It was given a limited release in the United States on September 7 2007 and in Canada on October 19 2007.
 Jabal Mimduk is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Fairfield is a fell in the English Lake District. It is the highest of a group of hills in the Eastern Fells standing to the south of the Helvellyn range.
 Lawrence Romo is an American senior civil servant and former United States Air Force Officer. He is the current director of the Selective Service System.
 Röllbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Ferice River is a tributary of the Inaru River in Romania.
 The Church of Saint Anthony of Padua on Via Tuscolana (Italian: Santi Antonio da Padova e Annibale Maria) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome built for the religious congregation of the Rogationists of the Heart of Jesus to whose founder Saint Annibale Maria di Francia is co-concercrated the church along with Saint Anthony of Padua. Having been completed in 1948 it was given to the Rogationists fathers before being concercrated on 27 May 1965 by Cardinal Luigi Traglia.
 Gessler Clinic P.A. is one of two large outpatient clinic systems based in Winter Haven Florida. The other is Bond Clinic P.A.. Gessler has six locations all in Winter Haven. Residents of other area communities visit Gessler.
 Parapsectris is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Phidippus putnami is a species of Jumping spider that is found in North America.
 Miles from Our Home is an album by Canadian rock band Cowboy Junkies which was released in 1998. It was their second and final album for Geffen Records. Like all of their albums after 1988's The Trinity Session it was only a modest success internationally.
 Zamora Induta is a Guinea-Bissauan lieutenant general. He was the Chief of Staff of the Military of Guinea-Bissau from October 27 2009 to April 1 2010.
 Denmark High School located in Denmark South Carolina is significant as an example of Classical Revival educational architecture. The school built in 1920 enlarged in 1932 and again in 1948 served the educational needs of the town from 1920-1985. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on March 29 2001.
 Neeku Nenu Naaku Nuvvu is a Telugu film starring Uday Kiran and Shriya directed by Raja Sekhar. Krishnam Raju Suman Paruchuri Venkateswara Rao Ravi Babu Brahmanandam Krishna Mohan Kakarala Sujatha Meena Kumari and Jyothi play supporting roles in this film.
 Prądy [ˈprɔndɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszęcin within Lubliniec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Koszęcin 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Lubliniec and 42 km (26 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 167.
 The Clarke Historical Museum (formerly the Clarke Memorial Museum) in Eureka California contains the area's premier collection of far California North Coast regional and cultural history with significant focus on the 19th Century Victorian era.
 Babiacetus is an extinct genus of early cetacean that lived during the late Lutetian middle Eocene of India (48.6 to 40.4 million years ago).It was named after its type locality the Harudi Formation in the Babia Hills (23.5°N 68.8°E﻿ / 23.5; 68.8: paleocoordinates 5.9°N 61.8°E﻿ / 5.9; 61.8) Kutch District Gujarat India.Babiacetus was named by Trivedy & Satsangi 1984 in an abstract based on the type specimen (GSI 19647 left and right dentaries with cheek teeth).
 Men's Needs Women's Needs Whatever was released on 21 May 2007 as the third studio album by British indie rock band The Cribs via Wichita Recordings. Critically acclaimed the LP propelled the band into a greater audience reaching number thirteen on the UK Album Charts number nine on the annual 'Albums of the Year' by influential UK music magazine NME and various other end-of-year lists. Lead single 'Men's Needs' also reached number three in the same NME chart.
 Daily Tribune is an English-language newspaper in Bahrain.
 Claude E. Forget OC (born 28 May 1936) is a former Canadian politician.Born in Montreal Quebec Forget holds a master's degree in public finances from the London School of Economics as well as a bachelor's degree in economics. He was also admitted to the Barreau du Québec in 1959. He was a teacher in economics at the Université du Québec à Montréal for three years.In 1973 he was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec from the riding of Saint-Laurent.
 Wake (titled Sillage in the original French) is a science fiction graphic novel series created by Jean-David Morvan and Philippe Buchet. The series has been translated to English and published in the United States by NBM Publishing. The issues are published in a large format (19 cm by 25.4 cm) as soft cover graphic novels. Issues 1 through 3 were published individually. Issues 4/5 and 6/7 were published together as single books.
 The Chance of a Lifetime is a 1943 crime drama starring Chester Morris Erik Rolf and Jeanne Bates. It is one of 14 films made by Columbia Pictures involving detective Boston Blackie a criminal-turned-crime solver. This was the sixth in the series and one of three that did not have his name in the title. The film is also William Castle's directorial debut. As with many of the films of the period this was a flag waver to support America's efforts during World War II.
 A Commuter Kind of Love (Norwegian: Kjærleikens ferjereiser) is a 1979 Norwegian drama film directed by Hans Otto Nicolayssen starring Eilif Armand Frøydis Armand and Per Jansen. It takes place on a small island off the coast of north-western Norway where people deal with such various problems as rural flight alcohol- and pill abuse and abortion.
 Howz-e Mahi (Persian: حوض ماهي‎ also Romanized as Ḩowẕ-e Māhī Hauz-i-Māhi and Ḩowz Māhī) is a village in Talkhvoncheh Rural District in the Central District of Mobarakeh County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 462 in 110 families.
 Mittonia carcassoni is a species of snout moths and the type species in the genus Mittonia. It was described by Whalley in 1964 and is known from Uganda (including Entebbe).
 The ʻĀkohekohe (Palmeria dolei) or Crested Honeycreeper is a species of Hawaiian honeycreeper. It is endemic to the island of Maui in Hawaiʻi. Its natural habitat is wet forests dominated by koa (Acacia koa) and ʻōhiʻa lehua (Metrosideros polymorpha) on the windward side of Haleakalā at elevations of 4200 to 7100 feet (1300 to 2200 m). It is the largest honeycreeper on the island at 6.5 to 7 inches (17 to 18 cm) in length.
 Triumphs of a Man Called Horse is a 1983 American Western film directed by John Hough and starring Richard Harris Michael Beck and Ana De Sade. Harris reprised his role as British aristocrat John Morgan 8th Earl of Kildare who becomes a member of the Lakota Sioux. It was the final film of the trilogy after A Man Called Horse (1970) and The Return of a Man Called Horse (1976).
 Undercovers (often misspelled Undercover) is an album of cover songs released by melodic rock band Trixter in 1994. The album failed to chart.
 First Free Will Baptist Church is a historic church on Granite Road in Ossipee New Hampshire.It was built in 1856 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Underexposure is a 2005 Iraqi film in the docufiction style written and directed by Oday Rasheed produced by Enlil Film and Arts. The story follows a fictional Iraqi film crew inspired by the actual crew that struggles with making a film during the 2003 invasion of Iraq and subsequent American occupation. It was the first feature film to be shot in Iraq after the beginning of the Iraq War.
 Melting Millions was a 1927 American adventure film serial directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet. It is considered to be lost.
 ¡Olé Tormé!: Mel Tormé Goes South of the Border with Billy May is a 1959 studio album by Mel Tormé arranged by Billy May.
 The Maghreb Lark is a species of bird in the lark family Alaudidae native to North Africa. Previously considered to comprise subspecies of the Crested Lark it was found to have diverged genetically from the latter species 1.9 million years ago and has been given species rank.
 St Peter's Church Quernmore is located in the village of Quernmore Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Lancaster and Morecambe the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of St Mark Dolphinholme and Christ Church Over Wyresdale. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Arnoldius is a genus of ant in the subfamily Dolichoderinae.
 The Pocreaca River is a tributary of the Vasluieţ River in Romania.
 Valdenia Camille Val Winn is an African American Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives representing the 34th district. She has served since 2001.Since 1972 Winn has worked as a professor at Kansas City Kansas Community College.[citation needed]
 Lake Poerua is a shallow lake located in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island roughly 13 km southeast from Lake Brunner. A number of small streams flow into the lake and the Poerua River flows from the lake into the Crooked River which leads to Lake Brunner.The lake is just to the north of the settlement of Inchbonnie and Lake Brunner Road (linking State Highways 7 and 73) and the Midland Line railway run along the eastern shore of the lake.
 The eastern shovelnose ray (Aptychotrema rostrata) is a species of guitarfish family Rhinobatidae.Using microspectrophotometry this species was shown to have three spectrally distinct cone visual pigments with wavelengths of maximum absorbance of 459 492 and 553 nm and rods peaking at 498 nm. This suggests this species may have colour vision - perhaps trichromatic.
 Mukti is a 1977 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Raj Tilak starring Shashi Kapoor Sanjeev Kumar Vidya Sinha and Mithun Chakraborty
 Adhur Shanker Alva (born 22 April 1906 date of death unknown) was an Indian politician lawyer and Member of Parliament who represented the Mangalore Constituency in the 3rd Lok Sabha. He was a member of Indian National Congress.
 The Warren Hickox House also known as the Hickox/Brown house is a Frank Lloyd Wright house in the Prairie School style in Kankakee Illinois United States. The house design is similar to two articles Wright published in the Ladies' Home Journal.
 MTV Party To Go Volume 5 was the fifth album in the MTV Party To Go series. The album was certified Gold on September 20 1994 by the RIAA.
 Fusceulima fulva is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 Çandarlı Kara Halil Hayreddin Pasha also known as Çandarlı Halil Pasha the Elder (to differentiate him from his grandson Çandarlı Halil Pasha the Younger who also served as grand vizier) was the first grand vizier of Murad I's reign.
 Miss World is a 2002 EP released by Norwegian electronic band Flunk on Beatservice Records. The EP was only released on vinyl.
 Roderick Devon Wright (born July 3 1952) is a Democratic politician who represents California's 35th State Senate district. He previously represented the 25th district from 2008-2012. Wright also represented California's 48th State Assembly district from 1996 until he was term limited in 2002.
 Standard Brands is an album by Chet Atkins and Canadian guitarist Lenny Breau released in 1981.
 Kępiaste [kɛmˈpjastɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokrzywnica within Pułtusk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Pokrzywnica 19 km (12 mi) south of Pułtusk and 37 km (23 mi) north of Warsaw.
 This article is about the magazine. For the guitar see Gretsch.Country Gentleman (1831-1955) was an American agricultural magazine founded in 1831 in Rochester NY by Luther Tucker. The magazine was purchased by Curtis Publishing Company in 1911. Curtis redirected the magazine to address the business side of farming which was largely ignored by the agricultural magazines of the time.
 Jorkens Remembers Africa is a collection of fantasy short stories narrated by Mr. Joseph Jorkens by writer Lord Dunsany. It was first published in New York by Longmans Green & Co. in October 1934 with the English edition (under the alternate title Mr. Jorkens Remembers Africa) following in November of the same year from the same publisher. It was the second collection of Dunsany's Jorkens tales to be published.
 Will Reid Wilson Sr. (July 29 1912 – December 14 2005) was a prominent Democratic politician in his native Texas best known for his service as attorney general of Texas from 1957-1963. In 1968 he joined the Republican Party to support the election of Richard M. Nixon as U.S. President. Nixon thereafter named Wilson an assistant U.S. attorney general under John Newton Mitchell. Wilson left the federal post a year before the Watergate burglary began to shatter the Nixon administration.
 Mark Dearey (born 19 March 1963) is an Irish Green Party politician and former member of Seanad Éireann. He was nominated by the Taoiseach on 23 February 2010 following the resignation of Déirdre de Búrca.
 Ramon Ray Lugo III is an American aerospace engineer who served as the Director of NASA's Glenn Research Center. He currently serves as the Director of the Florida Space Institute at the University of Central Florida. He previously served as Glenn’s Deputy Director from 2007 to 2010.
 Bąk [bɔnk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karsin within Kościerzyna County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Karsin 22 km (14 mi) south of Kościerzyna and 67 km (42 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 440.
 David T. Bradley (born November 13 1952 in Seattle Washington) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Arizona Senate representing District 10 since January 14 2013. Bradley served non-consecutively in the Arizona State Legislature from January 2003 until January 10 2011 in the Arizona House of Representatives District 28 seat.
 The Four Points by Sheraton Brisbane is a hotel tower located at 99 Mary Street in Brisbane Australia.The 33-storey 107-metre (351 ft) skyscraper is located in the heart of the Brisbane central business district adjacent to the Botanic Gardens and the Parliament House.The hotel tower includes 246 rooms of average size of 27 square metres.
 Ecstasies: Deciphering the Witches' Sabbath is a study of visionary traditions in Early Modern Europe written by the Italian historian Carlo Ginzburg.
 Priscilla's April Fool Joke is a 1911 American short silent comedy film directed by Frank Powell starring Florence Barker and featuring Blanche Sweet.
 The Even Stevens Movie is a 2003 American Disney Channel Original Movie that is based on the Disney Channel Original Series Even Stevens. It premiered on June 13 2003 serving as the series finale.
 Brook Farm also called the Brook Farm Institute of Agriculture and Education or the Brook Farm Association for Industry and Education was a utopian experiment in communal living in the United States in the 1840s.
 The Smithfield Exchange Bank (also known as the Resolved Waterman Tavern or Greenville Tavern) built in 1822 is located on Putnam Pike in Greenville Rhode Island in the town of Smithfield Rhode Island.
 The Guarani: Brazilian Novel (Portuguese: O Guarani: Romance Brasileiro) is a 1857 Brazilian novel written by José de Alencar. It first came out as a feuilleton in the newspaper Diário do Rio de Janeiro but due to its enormous success Alencar decided to compile his writing in a volume.
 Of Sound Mind is the second album by Los Angeles-based metal band Ancestors released on October 6 2009 by Tee Pee Records.The album's artwork was created by Derek Albeck.
 Rafael Hipólito Mejía Domínguez (born February 22 1941) is a Dominican politician who served as President of the Dominican Republic from 2000 to 2004.During his government the country was affected by one of the worst economic crises generated by the bankruptcy of three major commercial banks in the country which resulted in high inflation high country risk rating currency devaluation and increasing local poverty.In the presidential election of 2004 he ran for a second term as the candidate of the Dominican Revolutionary Party but he was defeated by Leonel Fernández from the Dominican Liberation Party.
 Making the Future: Occupations Interventions Empire and Resistance is a 2011 collection of political op-ed columns written by Noam Chomsky and edited by John Stickney for monthly publication by the New York Times Syndicate between April 2 2007 and October 31 2011. The columns according to Stickney “present a narrative of the events that have made the future since 2007” including War in Afghanistan and Iraq the 2008 U.S.
 The Hero and the Crown is a fantasy novel written by Robin McKinley and published by Greenwillow Books in 1984. It is the winner of the 1985 Newbery Medal award. The book is the prequel to The Blue Sword written in 1982. This story focuses on Aerin Dragon-Killer also known as Aerin Firehair the heroine who is introduced as a legendary character in The Blue Sword.
 Radovčići (Serbian: Радовчићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Iazu is an impact crater located within the Meridiani Planum extraterrestrial plain situated within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars. This geological feature is about 7 km in diameter. It is close to the landing site of the Mars Exploration Rover-B Opportunity and its walls have been photographed by the spacecraft during its traverse to Endeavour crater. At the time the crater was about 38 kilometers (24 mi) away.
 Amedroz Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island south of Pipestem Inlet and west of Effingham Inlet.
 Zombie King and the Legion of Doom also known as Enter... Zombie King and Zombie Pool Party is a 2003 Canadian comedy horror lucha film directed by Stacey Case written by Bill Marks and Sean K. Robb and starring Jules Delmore Raymond Carle Jennifer Thom and Rob El Fuego Etcheverria as masked Mexican wrestlers (luchadores) who fight zombies.
 The David M. Anthony House in Swansea Massachusetts is a historic house at 98 Bay Point Avenue in Swansea Massachusetts.The house was built in 1895 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Hocking Hills Reservoir locally nicknamed Rose Lake is located just outside of Old Man's Cave in the Hocking Hills region of Hocking County Ohio United States. It is a part of the Hocking Hills State Park.
 Elaine Smith (born in Gooding Idaho) is a Democratic Idaho State Representative since 2002 representing District 30 in the B seat.
 The Lockyer Valley is an area of rich farmlands that lies to the west of Brisbane Queensland Australia and east of Toowoomba.
 Élie-Hercule Bisson (July 7 1833 – May 28 1907) was a notary and political figure in Quebec. He represented Beauharnois in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1873 to 1878 from 1886 to 1892 and from 1892 to 1889 as a Liberal member.He was born in Saint-Rémi Lower Canada the son of Alexis Bisson and Esther Lonctin. Bisson was educated at the Collège de Montréal and after articling as a notary was admitted to practice in 1860. He practised at Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague from 1860 to 1876.
 Col d'Andrion (el. 1680 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Alpes-Maritimes in France.It connects Roquebillière in the Vésubie River valley and Pont de la Lune in the valley of the Tinée River.
 The Red Beret (retitled Paratrooper for the US release) is a 1953 British war film directed by Terence Young and starring Alan Ladd Leo Genn and Susan Stephen. It is the fictitious story about an American who enlists in the British Parachute Regiment in 1940 claiming to be a Canadian. It is notable as the first film made by Irving Allen's and Albert R. Broccoli's Warwick Films with many of the crew later working on various films for Warwick Films and Broccoli's Eon Productions.
 Vržerala is a village in the municipality of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Pšenik is a village in the municipality of Jajce Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Abezhdan-e Sofla (Persian: ابژدان سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ābezhdān-e Soflá; also known as Ābeshdūn and Ābeshdūn-e Soflá) is a village in Abolfares Rural District in the Central District of Ramhormoz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 180 in 33 families.
 The Priory Gatehouse in Usk Monmouthshire Wales is a surviving fragment of a Benedictine priory founded around 1135 and dissolved in 1536. It stands beside the main entrance to the churchyard. It is a Grade I listed building.The gatehouse is of two storeys with gables and wide inner and outer arches. The style of the windows suggests a sixteenth century date possibly even post-Dissolution.
 St. Mary’s Catholic Church is a parish church of the Diocese of Davenport. The church is located at the corner of St. Mary’s and Washburn Streets in the town of Riverside Iowa United States. The entire parish complex forms an Historic District listed on the National Register of Historic Places as St. Mary’s Parish Church Buildings. The designation includes the church building rectory the former church (now a parish hall) and former school building.
 129 West Trade is a 227 feet (69 m) skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. It was built in 1958 and has 15 floors. The building is clad with 3822 - 2000 pound (890 kg) precast concrete facade panels which measure 5.5 by 6 feet (1.6 by 1.8 m).This building was home to the Wachovia Charlotte office prior to 1975 when the bank moved to 400 South Tryon. The Charlotte Chamber of Commerce occupied the building from 1975 to 1995.
 Gösting Castle (German: Burg Gösting) is a ruined castle in Gösting the 13th borough in the northwest of the Styrian capital Graz Austria.
 The Guaba River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Comparative Education Review is the official publication of the Comparative and International Education Society investigates education throughout the world and the social economic and political forces that shape it.
 Cowan Mill (also known as the Aurora Mill or Cowan Woolen Company Mill) was an historic mill at Island Mill Street in Lewiston Maine.The 4 story Greek Revival mill was built in 1850 on the site of Lewiston's first textile mill (built by John A. Briggs in 1836 and destroyed by fire in March 1850). David Cowan was twice elected mayor of Lewiston.
 Fay-e Seyyed Mohammad (Persian: فاي سيدمحمد‎ also Romanized as Fāy-e Seyyed Moḩammad and Fāy Seyyed Moḩammed; also known as Fāy) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ahvaz County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The King George III Museum was a museum within King's College London England between 1843 and 1927 which held the collections of scientific instruments of George III as well as eminent nineteenth-century scientists including Sir Charles Wheatstone and Charles Babbage.
 Quiet as It's Kept is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach featuring tracks recorded in 1959 and released on the Mercury label.
 Taebaeksan also known as Mount Taebaeksan or Mount Taebaek is a South Korean mountain peak of Taebaek Mountains. It stretches from the city of Taebaek in Yeongwol-gun County Gangwon-do Province to Bonghwa-gun County Gyeongsangbuk-do Province. It has an elevation of 1566.7 m (5140 ft).
 The Thomas H. Gale House or simply Thomas Gale House is a house located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park Illinois United States. The house was designed by famous American architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1892 and is an example of his early work. The house was designed by Wright independently while he was still employed by Adler and Sullivan something architect Louis Sullivan forbade. The house is significant because of what it shows about the architect's early development period.
 Harttia uatumensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Uatumã River basin. This species grows to a length of 11.9 centimetres (4.7 in) SL.
 El Gran secreto is a 1942 Argentine film.
 The Panaro is an Italian river and the final right-hand tributary to the Po discounting the Cavo Napoleonico canal. It runs right across Emilia-Romagna in a north-easterly direction: from its source close to the Apennine watershed where Emilia-Romagna meets Tuscany to its outlet where the Po marks the region’s boundary with Veneto. Its Latin name was Scultenna.It is 148 km (92 mi) long with a 2292 km² drainage basin; alternating between aridity in summer and fullness in spring and autumn.
 Lima Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Lima Ohio. It is anchored by Macy's JCPenney Elder-Beerman Sears and MC Sports. The center is owned by Simon Property Group.
 The Al Yaqoub Tower is a 328 m (1076 ft) tall skyscraper under construction along Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower topped out in 2010 with the expected completion in 2013. It will have 69 floors.The building design is inspired by Elizabeth Tower (more commonly known as Big Ben) in London. However no clock face is present on Al Yaqoub Tower.
 Pittsburgh Filmmakers is one of the oldest and largest media arts centers in the United States.This non-profit institution in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania began as a filmmaking-equipment access cooperative in 1971.
 A Trillion Feet of Gas is a short story by the novelist John Updike set in the final days of 1956 in New York City published in his collection The Same Door 1959.
 Twins (AVEP) was the first EP for Twins and was released on August 2001. It contained 3 music videos and 6 songs. Among the songs Ming Ai An Lian Bu Xi She (明愛暗戀補習社) was popular.
 Doughoregan Manor is a mansion located on Manor Lane near Ellicott City Maryland USA. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on November 11 1971.
 Millersburg Passenger Rail Station also known as the Northern Central Railway: Station (Millersburg) is a historic railway station located at Millersburg Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1898 by the Northern Central Railway. It is a two-story brick and frame building in the Queen Anne style. It features a deep porch around three sides. The property also includes the stone foundation of the original baggage house. It was used as a passenger station until 1960.
 Ähtärinjärvi is a lake in Finland. It is situated in the municipalities of Ähtäri Alajärvi (formerly Lehtimäki) and Soini in the Southern Ostrobothnia region in western Finland. The lake is part of the Kokemäenjoki basin and drains through a chain of lakes that includes among others the lakes Toisvesi and Tarjanne in the Pirkanmaa region where the lake Tarjanne in its turn drains into the Lake Ruovesi.
 Earth Rocker is the tenth studio album by American rock band Clutch. It was released on March 15 2013 by Weathermaker Music. Earth Rocker is the first studio album to be released by Clutch since Strange Cousins from the West in 2009. The album is produced by Machine who also produced the band's 2004 album Blast Tyrant.
 The Best of Irish Piping is a two CD boxset incorporating The Pure Drop and The Fox Chase albums by Seamus Ennis. Liam O'Flynn wrote the sleevenotes.
 Killing Mr. Griffin is a 1978 novel for young adults by Lois Duncan about a group of teenage students at a New Mexico high school who plan to kidnap their strict English teacher Mr. Griffin. The book was adapted into a television film that aired on NBC on April 7 1997 sharing the same title and starring Jay Thomas Mario Lopez Amy Jo Johnson Michelle Williams and Scott Bairstow. Another film with a similar theme and title Teaching Mrs.
 The Anti-Capitalistic Mentality is a book written by Austrian School economist and libertarian thinker Ludwig von Mises. It is an investigation into the psychological roots of the anti-capitalistic stance that is widespread in the general populations of the capitalist world. Von Mises suggests various reasons for this mentality primarily his claim that free competition in the market economy allows for no excuses of one's failures.
 Sugar's Boogaloo is the debut album by The Sugarman 3. It was released by Desco in 1999 and re-released in 2006 by Daptone Records.
 Kolgu is a village in Kuusalu Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It lies on the Valgejõgi River just northwest of thetown of Tapa.
 Robert's Rules of Order is the short title of a book written by Brig. Gen. Henry Martyn Robert containing rules of order intended to be adopted as a parliamentary authority for use by a deliberative assembly.Currently in its eleventh edition and published under the name Robert's Rules of Order Newly Revised (and often referred to using the initialism RONR) it is a widely used parliamentary authority in the English-speaking world.
 The Middletown Historic District comprises the historic center of Middletown Maryland. Middletown became the chief community in the Middletown Valley in the late 18th century retaining its importance until the 1930s when the expanding influence of Frederick Maryland the construction of a bypass on US 40 and the abandonment of the Hagerstown and Frederick Railway produced a gradual decline. The historic district preserves many mid-19th-century buildings in the central downtown area.
 The Larnaca Synagogue located in the seaside resort town of Larnaca Cyprus was inaugurated on September 12 2005. It is the island's first and only synagogue and until its opening the only European Union member to lack a synagogue.This is a historic event for Cyprus Chief Rabbi of Israel Yona Metzger told a 100-strong crowd at the inauguration ceremony.
 Dolice [dɔˈlit͡sɛ] (formerly German Dölitz) is a village in Stargard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dolice. It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Stargard Szczeciński and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2000.
 Oriodryas is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Arz is a 66.5 km (41.3 mi) long river in the Morbihan département northwestern France. Its source is at Plaudren. It flows generally east-southeast. It is a right tributary of the Oust into which it flows at Saint-Jean-la-Poterie near Redon.
 Arrowhead Lake is the name of several lakes in Ontario Canada.The lakes are located in the following districts (west to east):Kenora District 50°43′52″N 92°55′29″WThunder Bay District 49°19′33″N 88°40′28″WAlgoma District 46°30′30″N 82°25′40″WMuskoka District 45°23′48″N 79°12′03″W
 Jumanji is the title of a 1981 fantasy children's picture book written and illustrated by the American author Chris Van Allsburg. It was made into a 1995 film of the same name. Both the book and the movie are about a magical board game that implements real animals and other jungle elements as the game is played; thus the dangers which the players have to overcome in the game also appear in real life.
 Pel Hava (Persian: پل هوا‎ also Romanized as Pel Havā; also known as Pelleh Havā) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 218 in 36 families.
 Nothing But the Truth is a 1929 American sound comedy film starring Richard Dix. The film was remade as Nothing But the Truth (1941) starring Bob Hope and Paulette Goddard.
 Plana Peak (Vrah Plana \'vr&h 'pla-na\) is a mostly ice-covered peak on the Levski Ridge Tangra Mountains Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica. Surmounting Huron Glacier to the north and its tributaries to the east and west. The peak is named after Plana Mountain in Western Bulgaria.
 Ashford Reservoir is a small reservoir on the eastern side of the Quantock Hills near the villages of Charlynch and Spaxton in Somerset England. It was constructed 1934 as a water supply reservoir for Bridgwater. It collects the water of Cannington Brook which is also dammed at Hawkridge Reservoir.Fishing is allowed and catches include; Bream Perch and Roach.The water treatment centre provides educational opportunities.
 Ukkusissat (old spelling: Uvkusigssat Danish: Store Malene) is a 772 m (2533 ft) mountain in the Sermersooq municipality in southwestern Greenland located to the southeast of Nuuk Airport an airport in Nuuk the capital of Greenland. It is the terminus of a long mountain range of a peninsula jutting into Nuup Kangerlua the longest fjord in southwestern Greenland to the north of Kangerluarsunnguaq Fjord splitting the peninsula into two.
 Jane Means Appleton Pierce (March 12 1806 – December 2 1863) wife of U.S. President Franklin Pierce was First Lady of the United States from 1853 to 1857.
 Django is a 1966 Italian Western film directed by Sergio Corbucci and starring Franco Nero in the eponymous role.The film earned a reputation as being one of the most violent films ever made up to that point and was subsequently refused a certificate in Britain until 1993 when it was eventually issued an 18 certificate.
 Abbeville also known as Mt. Pleasant is a historic home located at Lancaster Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The original home was built in 1755-1756 and is a two-story stuccoed stone section measuring 20 feet by 17 feet. In 1790 a large 2 1/2-story five bay by three bay Georgian style dwelling was built in front of the earlier section. In 1826 two side wings were added on either side of the 1790 section. Also on the property are a contributing smokehouse (c.
 Heman Allen Moore (August 27 1809 - April 3 1844) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.Born in Plainfield Washington County Vermont Moore pursued an academic course.He studied law in Rochester New York.He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Columbus Ohio.Moore was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-eighth Congress and served from March 4 1843 until his death in Columbus Ohio April 3 1844. Alfred P.
 Exordium is a 2003 EP album by Dutch symphonic metal band After Forever. Another version of this album was released in 2004 with a bonus DVD entitled Insights. The Evil That Men Do is a cover of the Iron Maiden song while One Day I'll Fly Away is a metal version of a ballad originally sung by Randy Crawford. This is the first recording of the band with new guitarist Bas Maas who replaced Mark Jansen.
 Samadabad (Persian: صمداباد‎ also Romanized as Şamadābād) is a village in Bedevostan-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Heris County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 61 in 14 families.
 The Lauenburg is a ruined medieval castle in the East Harz in central Germany situated on an elevation southwest of the village of Stecklenberg (in the borough of Thale) in Harz district in the state of Saxony-Anhalt in the former German Democratic Republic (East Germany).The castle was built in the High Middle Ages. The ruins of the Lauenburg stand on a foothill of the Ramberg massif above the village of Stecklenberg. It was built by Henry IV and first mentioned in the records in 1164.
 Padauari River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Eddie Santiago is an eponymous album by Puerto Rican salsa singer Eddie Santiago released on February 21 1995. It's comeback album includes top hits Necesito and Te Amo; his last album under EMI/Capitol Records label.
 St Andrew's Church (in full the Church of St Andrew the Apostle) is an Anglican church in Worthing West Sussex England. Built between 1885 and 1886 in the Early English Gothic style by Sir Arthur Blomfield one of the last great Gothic revivalists the church was embroiled in controversy as soon as it was founded.
 Night of Thunder is a 2008 thriller novel and the fifth in the Bob Lee Swagger series by Stephen Hunter.
 The Flesh Eaters is a 1964 American horror/science fiction thriller directed on a low budget by Jack Curtis and edited by future filmmaker Radley Metzger. The film contains moments of violence much more graphic and extreme than many other movies of its time making it one of the first ever gore films.
 Nalbu is a village development committee in the Himalayas of Taplejung District in the Mechi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1567 people living in 289 individual households.
 Urban Breeze (released 2003 in Oslo Norway by Tylden & Co – GTACD 8223) is an album by the Norwegian jazz band The Swing Pack.
 Defenders of Riga (Latvian: Rīgas sargi) is a 2007 Latvian feature film directed by Aigars Grauba starring Elita Kļaviņa Jānis Reinis and Artūrs Skrastiņš. The film depicts the Latvian defense of Riga during its 1919 struggle for independence.Already by the fifth week of screening the film had become the most-watched Latvian film produced after the return of independence in 1991.
 Kunnur Manjunath Channappa (born 2 December 1954) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Dharwad South constituency of Karnataka and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party.
 Applied Psycholinguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of psycholinguistics. It covers research on all aspects of this field including language development and language disorders especially studies made from a cross-language perspective. The journal was established in 1980 and is published quarterly by Cambridge University Press. The current editor-in-chief is Martha Crago (Dalhousie University).
 Big Pebble (foaled 1936 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. Bred by Edward R. Bradley at his Idle Hour Stock Farm near Lexington Kentucky his dam was Beach Talk and his sire was Black Servant who would also sire Blue Larkspur.
 Yamazato is a restaurant housed in the Okura Hotel in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star in the period 2002–present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Head chef of Yamazato is Masanori Tomikawa.
 The yellow heart-tongued frog Phyllodytes luteolus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and heavily degraded former forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Barylambda is an extinct genus of pantodont mammal from the middle to late Paleocene well known from several finds in North America. Three species of Barylambda are currently recognised. The creature likely lived a life similar of that of a modern tapir browsing on foliage and soft vegetation. Barylambda seems to have been quite successful for an early pantodont though eventually it seems to have been replaced in its ecosystem by other pantodonts such as Coryphodon.
 Juice is the soundtrack to the 1992 crime drama film Juice. It was released on December 31 1991 through MCA Records and consisted mainly of hip hop music. The soundtrack was a success making it to #17 on the Billboard 200 and #3 on the Top R&B Albums and featured four charting singles Uptown Anthem Juice (Know the Ledge) Don't Be Afraid and Is It Good to You. Juice was certified gold by the RIAA on March 4 1992.
 Imperial Resort Beach Hotel is a hotel in Entebbe Uganda.
 St John's Church Ellel is in Church Lane Ellel Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Lancaster and Morecambe the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. The authors of the Buildings of England series describe the appearance of the church as being decidedly monumental.
 The Sydney Convention and Exhibition Centre closed in December 2013 to make way for the new Sydney International Convention Exhibition and Entertainment Precinct at Darling Harbour due to be completed for the end of 2016.
 John Domagoj Sola (born April 15 1944) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1987 to 1995. Originally a Liberal he was forced to leave his party over controversy arising from his criticism of Bosnian Serbs.
 The Fântâna River is a tributary of the Bran River in Romania.
 Lake Rapel (Spanish: Lago Rapel or Embalse Rapel) is an artificial lake created by a dam on the Rapel River. It is located in the Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region Central Chile.The reservoir was created with the aim of feeding the Rapel Hydroelectric Plant.
 The plumed hydroid Plumularia setacea also sometimes called the little sea bristle is a colonial hydroid in the family Plumulariidae.
 Dykh-Tau or Dykhtau (Russian: Дыхтау Karachay-Balkar: Дых тау which means Jagged Mount) is a mountain located in Kabardino-Balkaria Russia; its peak stands about 5 km (3 mi) north of the border with Georgia. The mountain is the second highest of the Caucasus Mountains after Mount Elbrus.
 Sabine Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. Located off northern Melville Island's Sabine Peninsula the bay is an arm of Hecla and Griper Bay. Eldridge Bay is to the north.
 Arnel Cerafica is a Filipino politician. He is a member of Philippine House of Representatives representing the District of Pateros-Taguig City from 2010–present. He is also a Vice Chairman of Health.
 Family Tree Magazine is a publication about genealogy and family history published by F+W Media in Cincinnati Ohio.It was founded in 1999 and has a paid circulation of about 70000. Topics include resource guides for specific ethnicities technology how-to articles history and genealogy news. Its contributors include photo identification expert Maureen Taylor.
 Pluskocin [plusˈkɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Federal Land Office is a onetime government building in Steubenville Ohio where the federal government sold public lands to settlers. It is now on property of a museum beside reconstructed Fort Steuben. In 1973 while on another site about a mile away 40°22′31″N 80°36′47″W it was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its historical significance. It was later moved to its present location.
 See also Mount Giles (Antarctica)Mount Giles is one of the highest mountains in the Northern Territory Australia at 1389 metres AHD. It lies along the MacDonnell Ranges dominating Ormiston Pound in the West MacDonnell National Park approximately 80 kilometres west of Alice Springs. It can be visited via the celebrated Larapinta Trail and offers spectacular views of Mount Sonder Ormiston Gorge and Pound and the surrounding range.Climbing the mountain requires a hard two or three day hike.
 Hoseynabad (Persian: حسين اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Manzariyeh Rural District in the Central District of Shahreza County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Grace Drake was a member of the Ohio Senate serving the 22nd district from 1984 to 2000. Her district encompassed the eastern/southern portion of Cuyahoga County and all of Medina and Wayne Counties. In 2000 she faced term limits and was succeeded by Ron Amstutz.
 Johnny Be Good is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Bud Smith starring Anthony Michael Hall as the main character Johnny Walker. The film also features Robert Downey Jr. Steve James Jennifer Tilly and Uma Thurman in her film debut. Former Chicago Bears quarterback Jim McMahon makes a cameo appearance. Judas Priest and Ted Nugent among others contributed to the soundtrack. The title track Johnny B.
 The Vöckla is a River in Upper Austria. It originates northeast of the Mondsee and joins the Ager River after 51 km at Vöcklabruck. The river basin is about 450 km² the medium flux 8.7 m³/sec. Made of several springs the River flows in northern direction first. At Frankenmarkt the direction changes to East where it passes through Vöcklamarkt Timelkam and finally Vöcklabruck.
 Hōun-ji (法雲寺) is a Rinzai Buddhist temple in Hyōgo Prefecture (formerly Harima province).
 Williamson's mouse-deer (Tragulus williamsoni) is a species of even-toed ungulate in the Tragulidae family. It is found in China and Thailand.
 The Izvorul Căldării River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.[citation needed]
 John Henry Boyes CMG (1886 – 1 July 1958) was the fifth Public Service Commissioner in New Zealand.He was chairman of the Social Security Commission in between his terms as Public Service Commissioner (1936-38 & 1941-46). In 1936 the Labour government would have preferred Boyes to Thomas Mark as Public Service Commissioner so appointed Boyes and Mark as Joint Commissioners. There was an awkward two years before Boyes was appointed to establish the new Social Security Department.
 The Little Mékinac North River flows from North to South in three municipalities (Sainte-Thècle Grandes-Piles and Saint-Tite) in the region of Middle Mauricie in administrative region of Mauricie in Quebec in Canada.
 Rapisma is a genus of moth lacewings Ithonidae. They were previously placed in family of their own Rapismatidae. They are mostly brown or green and the body is broad and the head is short and retracted under the pronotum. Some species show sexual dimorphism in wing shape. Species identification is based on genitalia characters and requires the dissection of specimens. The genus has species that are distributed along the Himalayas from Nepal to Thailand Malaysia and South East Asia.
 The Dumbest Magnets is the third studio album by Chicago based alt-country band Dolly Varden and was released in 2000. This album was recorded in Nashville with producer Brad Jones.
 Pressmennan Lake is a lake in East Lothian in Scotland.It is an artificial reservoir constructed in 1819. It lies in a gully in the Lammermuir Hills above the village of Stenton in East Lothian. It is roughly 2 kilometres in length but less than 100 metres broad.It is one of only a few bodies of water in Scotland known as lakes; the others include the Lake of Menteith Lake of the Hirsel and Lake Louise (within the grounds of Skibo Castle).
 The Petru Vodă River is a tributary of the Pluton-Dolhești River in Romania.
 Musotima is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Engelbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Golden-headed Manakin (Ceratopipra erythrocephala) is a small passerine bird which breeds in tropical South America. It is found from Panama Colombia and Trinidad south and east to the Guianas and Brazil and northern Peru. It is not found south of the Amazon or the Ucayali Rivers.Like other manakins the Golden-headed Manakin is a compact brightly coloured forest bird typically 3.7 in (9.4 cm) long and weighing 0.44 oz (12.5 g).
 Orsotricha is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 The Thomas's pika (Ochotona thomasi) is a species of mammal in the Ochotonidae family. It is endemic to China. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 István Antos (25 June 1908 Trnava - 5 January 1960) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Finance from 1957 until his death. He joined to the Hungarian Communist Party in 1945. He had significant role in the reorganizing of the economical system. He served as general secretary of the National Economical Council. From 1945 he was the state secretary of the Ministry of Finance. From 1953 he was member of the National Assembly of Hungary.
 Gardner's Spiny-rat Proechimys gardneri is a spiny rat species from South America. It is found in Bolivia and Brazil.
 Lycodon travancoricus commonly known as the Travancore wolf snake is a species of colubrid snake.
 The Golijska Moravica or simply Moravica (Serbian Cyrillic: Голијска Моравица or Моравица) is a river in western Serbia. With a length of 98 km it is the longer headstream of the Zapadna Morava (it forms it with the Đetinja) and thus of the Velika Morava. Its name Moravica means little Morava in Serbian and it also gives its name to the surrounding region and the modern Moravica District of Serbia.
 Ignite the Seven Cannons is the fourth album by English alternative rock band Felt released in 1985.The album was produced by Robin Guthrie of Cocteau Twins. His bandmate Elizabeth Fraser features prominently as backing vocalist on Primitive Painters which became Felt's most successful single reaching the top of the UK independent singles chart. Tracks 6 8 9 and 11 are instrumental.
 The Gentle Giant is an album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1970 and 1971 and released on the Atlantic label.
 The Loch of Stenness is a large brackish loch on Mainland Orkney and is named for the parish of Stenness. It is 2 miles (3.2 km) northeast of the town of Stromness lies immediately to the south of the Loch of Harray and is close to the World Heritage neolithic sites of the Stones of Stenness and Ring of Brodgar. In Old Norse its name was Steinnesvatn.
 Soul Flower is the sixth studio album by American R&B group En Vogue released in 2004. Recorded on the independent label 33rd Street it went on to sell 35000 copies and failed to chart on the Billboard 200. The album reached #47 on the charts for Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #15 on Billboard's Independent Albums chart.
 Plocaederus glabricollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Michael Kinzer House is a historic home located at Blacksburg Montgomery County Virginia. It was built about 1845 and is a two-story four-bay brick two-room-plan house. It features a decorative brick cornice. Also on the property is the contributing site of a brick kiln.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Rača is a village in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 672 people.
 Ardonea metallica is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1892. It is found in Peru.
 The Caripunás River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Sardar Muhammad Raza Khan (Urdu: سردار محمد رضا خان‎) is a judge on the Supreme Court of Pakistan and former Chief Justice of the Peshawar High Court. He was born in the Namli Maira district of Abbottabad on 10 February 1945.
 Videomaker is a magazine publication dedicated to video production. The magazine's publisher/editor Matthew York founded the publication with his wife Patrice York Associate Publisher to empower people to make video and to democratize and enrich television.
 The Birch Dagger Moth (Acronicta betulae) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from New Hampshire to Florida west to Texas north to Wisconsin.The wingspan is 35–40 mm. Adults are on wing from March to May and from August to September in two generations.The larvae feed on the leaves of birch possibly exclusively Betula nigra.
 Mohammad Javad Bagher Tondguyan (22 March 1938 – ?) was an Iranian engineer and petroleum minister under Prime Minister Mohammad-Ali Rajai from 2 September to 3 November 1980 when he was captured by the Iraqi forces in November 1980 during Iran-Iraq war.
 Aulastomatomorpha phospherops the Luminous slickhead is a species of slickhead found in the Indian and West Pacific Oceans. This species occurs on the continental slopes at depths of from 1717 metres (5633 ft) to 2020 metres (6630 ft). This species grows to a length of 28.0 centimetres (11.0 in) SL. This species is the only described member of its genus.
 Josie Alice Quart MBE (8 November 1895 – 17 April 1980) was a Canadian senator. A Progressive Conservative she was appointed to the Canadian Senate on 16 November 1960 on the recommendation of Prime Minister John Diefenbaker. She represented the senatorial division of Victoria Quebec until her death.
 Jocelyn Edward Salis Simon Baron Simon of Glaisdale QC DL PC (15 January 1911 – 7 May 2006) known as Jack Simon was as a Law Lord in the United Kingdom having been by turns a barrister a commissioned officer in the British Army a barrister again a Conservative Party politician a government minister and a judge.He held three ministerial positions in the government of Harold Macmillan during his 11-year tenure as a member of the House of Commons.
 Jeffrey Stuart Sutton (born October 31 1960 in Dhahran Saudi Arabia) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
 Lobotomizer is the debut album of the Norwegian band Motorpsycho released in 1991. The album has a raw sound and style (mostly heavy metal and grunge). However it has been called the band's weakest record. The album includes the live-performance crowd-favourite Hogwash. The title track and the song Eternity show a less aggressive side of the band's sound.
 Sarbak (Persian: ساربك‎ also Romanized as Sārbak; also known as Sabū Sar Bug Sārbūg and Sārbūk) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District Sarbuk District Qasr-e Qand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2184 in 428 families.
 Paul-Arthur Séguin (October 2 1875 – November 24 1946) was a notary and political figure in Quebec. He represented L'Assomption and then L'Assomption—Montcalm in the Canadian House of Commons from 1908 to 1935 as a Liberal.He was born in Charlemagne Quebec the son of Felix Séguin and Vitaline Noiseux and was educated at the Collège de L'Assomption and the Université Laval. In 1899 he married Marie Anna Rivest.
 Donuts EP: J. Rocc's Picks is an EP released by Detroit producer/rapper J Dilla released by the Stones Throw label in 2006. The follow-up to his Donuts album this EP features tracks picked by J. Rocc a fellow producer on Stones Throw. The tracks on the EP are extended versions of the original tracks from Donuts with the exception of Signs which is not included on the original album.
 Alan Phillip Renouf (21 March 1919 – 26 May 2008) was a prominent Australian government official during the 1970s. During 1978 and 1979 he was the Australian Ambassador to the United States. He was also Australia's Ambassador to France.Prior to that he was the permanent head of the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs 1974–1977.Alan Renouf wrote at least three books: The Frightened Country (1979) Let Justice Be Done. The Foreign Policy of Dr H.V.
 Hans Wolfgang Daigeler (February 21 1945 - November 9 1995) was a politician in Ontario Canada. He served as a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1987 to 1995.
 Jaśki [ˈjaɕki] (German: Jaschken from 1938-45 Jesken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko within Olecko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Olecko and 132 km (82 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Mark V. Parkinson (born June 24 1957) is the president and chief executive officer of the American Health Care Association (AHCA) and the National Center for Assisted Living (NCAL). A former Republican Parkinson is currently a member of the Democratic Party. He was the 45th Governor of Kansas and a member of both the Kansas House of Representatives and the Kansas Senate.
 Blaberolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Miente y serás feliz (Lie and be Happy) is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Per Linguam is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Stellenbosch University. It covers topics related to language learning and applied language studies and has more recently started including a focus on multilingualism and educational psychology. The issue of multilingualism in particular has been identified as an important issue in South Africa.
 The Peninsula Blue (Lepidochrysops oreas) is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in South Africa where it found in fynbos on the Swartberg range from the East Cape to Seweweekspoort and Klein Swartberg in the West Cape. It is also found on the Rooiberg.The wingspan is 24–38 mm for males and 27–38 mm for females. Adults are on wing from October to February. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Selago species including Selago serrata.
 Apagorevmeno (Greek: Απαγορευμένο; English: Forbidden) is Greek singer Anna Vissi's 25th studio album released in Greece and Cyprus on December 9 2008 by Sony BMG Greece. It is Vissi's first studio album since 2005 and the first since her 1981 self-titled album to not include any songs or input by Nikos Karvelas.
 The Château du Grand-Geroldseck is a ruined medieval castle situated in the commune of Haegen in the Bas-Rhin département in Alsace France. It was listed as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture in 1898.
 The Piracicaba River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Tietê River which it joins in the reservoir created by Barra Bonita Dam. There is also another Piracicaba river in the state of Minas Gerais named after the one from São Paulo state since the early colonizers of Minas Gerais largely came from São Paulo.
 The International Journal of Cultural Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers six times a year in the field of Cultural Studies. The journal's editor is John Hartley (Queensland University of Technology). It has been in publication since 1998 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 St Mary's Church St Mary's is a parish church in the Church of England located in Hugh Town St Mary's Isles of Scilly UK. The Church was consecrated on 7 September 1838 and replaced the church at Old Town which was inconvenient for the Hugh Town population and in need of repair.
 The Long-billed Cuckoo (Rhamphomantis megarhynchus) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Rhamphomantis.[citation needed]It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Metal Gear Solid: Philanthropy is a 2009 non-profit fan made movie series created by Hive Division a team of Italian students and filmmakers. It is a film based on the highly successful Metal Gear video game series. It is written directed and edited by Giacomo Talamini a 27-year-old Italian student filmmaker who also stars in the movie as Solid Snake.
 John L. Patrick (born March 25 1954) is an American politician and mechanic. Patrick is a Democratic State Senator from Maine's 14th District representing part of Oxford County as well as the town of Jay in adjacent Franklin County. A resident of Rumford Patrick graduated from nearby Mexico High School in 1972 and worked in the NewPage Paper Mill in Rumford for 29 years.
 Rakshabandham is a 2007 Telugu film directed by V Pratap starring Arjun Sarja and Meera Jasmine. It is the remake of a Kannada film Anna Thangi.[1]
 The 23rd July Lake or Benghazi Lake (Arabic: بحيرة بنغازي أو بحيرة 23 يوليو‎) is a lagoon located between Benghazi's downtown and the Mediterranean Port of Benghazi. It covers an area of approximately 100 hectares (about 1000000 square metres).
 Now Mehan (Persian: نومهن‎ also Romanized as Now Mahan) is a village in Bizaki Rural District Golbajar District Chenaran County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 265 in 63 families.
 Animals United (German: Konferenz der Tiere) is a 2010 German 3D computer-animated comedy-adventure film directed by Reinhard Klooss and Holger Tappe starring Ralf Schmitz and Thomas Fritsch as a meerkat called Billy and a lion called Socrates in the African Okavango Delta who go on a quest to discover why their river has unexpectedly dried up. It is based on the 1949 book with the same title by Erich Kästner.
 TSOL is the third album by Canadian rapper Shad released in Canada on May 25 2010 and in the United States on October 5 2010. It is his second album released on Black Box Recordings and his first album of new material since 2007's Polaris Music Prize-nominated The Old Prince.The album was supported with a cross-Canada tour featuring opening acts Grand Analog in Western Canada and D-Sisive in Ontario.The first single Yaa I Get It was released in April 2010.
 The Ozette River is a stream on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington. It originates in the northwestern Olympic Mountains and empties into the Pacific Ocean.
 The Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Pathology is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published on behalf of the Indian Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Pathology. The journal publishes articles on the subject of dentistry oral pathology and maxillofacial surgery.
 William James Duffy (November 21 1888 – January 18 1946) was a Canadian provincial politician.Born in South Durham Quebec Duffy was the member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Compton from 1931 to 1935 and 1939 to 1946.
 Abercorn is a village in the Brome-Missisquoi Regional County Municipality in the Montérégie region of Québec Canada. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 391.It is bordered by the larger township of Sutton to the north and east by Frelighsburg to the west and the town of Richford Vermont in the United States to the south.
 Tragjasi is a newspaper published in Albania.
 St Michael's Church Bootle is located in the village of Bootle Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Calder the archdeaconry of West Cumberland and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice has been united with those of St John the Baptist Corney St Mary Whicham and St Mary Whitbeck. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Linger Awhile: Live at Newport and More is a 2000 album by Sarah Vaughan featuring eight tracks recorded at the 1957 Newport Jazz Festival and studio tracks from 1978 and 1982.
 Heterostegane is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Bing Crosby's Last Song is a novel by the American writer Lester Goran set in 1968 in the Oakland neighbourhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It tells the story of Daly Racklin a Pittsburgh attorney who on a Spring day learns from his doctor that he has one year to live. Racklin is a defacto voice of a dying Irish neighborhood and he is also torn by his father's shadow and ambitions of his own.
 Darkest Night is a 2012 independent film in the horror film genre directed by Filipino Noel Tan and written and produced by American Russ Williams. It stars DJ Perry Anne Gauthier Issa Litton and Nic Campos. Its story is set in the Philippines the mountains of Luzon.
 Deaconess Hospital is a 307 bed for-profit general medical and surgical hospital located in Spokane Washington. The hospital has 307 licensed beds and 1604 employees.
 Pithecheir is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae. It contains the following species: Red tree rat (Pithecheir melanurus) Malayan tree rat (Pithecheir parvus)
 The Silence in My Heart is the sixth installment in The Emo Diaries series of compilation albums released July 24 2001 by Deep Elm Records. As with all installments in the series the label had an open submissions policy for bands to submit material for the compilation and as a result the music does not all fit within the emo style.
 The Idaho State Journal is a U.S. daily newspaper serving the Pocatello Idaho area. The paper has a circulation of 17116 daily 17825 Sunday. It is owned by the Seattle-based Pioneer News Group.The Idaho State Journal began publication in 1890 as the Pocatello Tribune.
 The Pebbles Box is a 5-LP box set of mid-1960s garage rock and psychedelic rock recordings primarily by American bands. Several years later a similar 5-CD box set was released that was called the Trash Box. The Pebbles Box purports to collect the first five volumes of the Pebbles series although there are fewer songs than on the original LPs: 72 total tracks on the five discs as compared with 86 on the original LPs.
 Tyśmienica is a river of eastern central Poland a tributary of the Wieprz.
 Hyperborea is a collection of fantasy short stories by Clark Ashton Smith edited by Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books as the twenty-ninth volume of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in April 1971. It was the second themed collection of Smith's works assembled by Carter for the series. The stories were originally published in various fantasy magazines from the 1930s to the 1950s notably Weird Tales.
 Jostedalsbreen nasjonalparksenter is a visitors center that is located in the village of Oppstryn in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The center is located east of the villages of Loen and Olden on the shore of the lake Oppstrynsvatn. The mountain Skåla and the glaciers Briksdalsbreen and Jostedalsbreen are located to the southwest of this visitor's center.Jostedalsbreen nasjonalparksenter is one of the three visitor's centers in Jostedalsbreen National Park.
 American Girls (Dutch: Amerikaansche meisjes) is a 1918 Dutch silent drama film directed by Maurits Binger.
 The Dunn County Courthouse on Owens St. in Manning North Dakota was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was delisted in 2009. The listing had contained a 2.1-acre (0.85 ha) area.In 1985 its NRHP nomination noted a considerable integrity of feeling from the original courthouse in the appearance of the present building which was by then no longer a courthouse.
 Józefkowo [juzɛfˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe within Lipno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Skępe 11 km (7 mi) east of Lipno and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 The First National Bank Building also known as the Citizens and Peoples National Bank Building is an historic two-story Classical Revival style building located at 213 South Palafox Street in Pensacola Escambia County Florida. Built in 1906-1908 by Charlie Hunter it was designed by the New York architectural firm Mowbray and Uffinger.
 Chitrangi (Tamil: சித்ராங்கி) is a 1964 Indian Tamil film directed by R. S. Mani. The film stars A. V. M. Rajan and Pushpalatha in the lead roles. It was produced under the banner of Modern Theatres. The soundtrack was composed by Vedha while the lyrics were written by K. M. Balasubramaniam and Vaali.
 Neil Raymond Conn AO (born 17 August 1936) is an Australian economist who was Administrator of the Northern Territory from 17 February 1997 to 30 October 2000.He now lives in Sydney and has been linked to St John Ambulance Australia. As of the 2007 St John Ambulance Australia National Priory Conference Dr. Conn is the Chancellor of the St John Priory in Australia replacing Professor Villis Marshall who has held the position for the previous 6 years.
 Hotel for Dogs is a 2009 American children's comedy film based on the 1971 Lois Duncan novel of the same name. The film directed by Thor Freudenthal and adapted by Jeff Lowell Bob Schooley and Mark McCorkle stars Emma Roberts Jake T. Austin Troy Gentile Kyla Pratt Johnny Simmons Lisa Kudrow Kevin Dillon and Don Cheadle.
 Enoplophthalmus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch.
 RiverSculpture! are public art displays found along the Milwaukee Riverwalk in downtown Milwaukee Wisconsin. Information kiosks stationed near each presentation offer self-guided walking tours of this annual outdoor exhibition.
 Carmelite Friary King's Lynn was a friary in Norfolk England.
 La muerte en este jardín (The Death in the Garden) is a 1956 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 The Garden Dart (Euxoa nigricans) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed throughout Europe.This is a rather drab species forewings ranging from pale to dark brown with indistinct markings. The hindwings are white with a grey fringe. The wingspan is 32–40 mm. This moth flies at night in July and August and is attracted to light and many different flowers.The larva is green or brown with two white stripes down each side. It feeds on a range of plants (see list below).
 Pete's Tavern located at 129 East 18th Street on the corner of Irving Place in the Gramercy Park neighborhood of Manhattan New York City is a pub food restaurant and one of several drinking establishments which each claim to be the oldest continuously operated tavern in the city.The building which houses Pete's was built in 1829 and was originally the Portman Hotel; liquor may have been sold there as early as 1851 or 1852 – when it was a grocery & grog store – and the first official drinking establishment founded by 1864. 
 Prakash Man Singh (Nepali: प्रकाश मान सिंह) is a Nepalese politician and a leader of the Nepali Congress. He is the son of political stalwart Ganesh Man Singh. He is currently the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Local Development and Federalism in Sushil Koirala's Cabinet. Singh contested the Kathmandu-4 constituency in the 1991 parliamentary election.
 The Magnificent Duke is the debut studio album by Scottish conceptual rock duo Marmaduke Duke released on April 14 2005 on Captains of Industry. The album initially had a limited run of 4000 copies. Each song has the word 'and' in the title like A Fox and a Cake.
 Kuchek Olum (Persian: كوچك الوم‎ also Romanized as Kūchek Olūm; also known as Kūchek) is a village in Fajr Rural District in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1092 in 269 families.
 Dębczyno [dɛmpˈt͡ʂɨnɔ] (formerly German Denzin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard within Białogard County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Białogard and 113 km (70 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Convict from Istanbul (German:Der Sträfling aus Stanbul) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Gustav Ucicky and starring Heinrich George Betty Amann and Paul Hörbiger.The film's art direction is by Heinz Fenchel and Jacek Rotmil.
 The Graystone Lodge also known as Hoskins-Guidice House is a historic structure located at Bel Air Harford County Maryland United States. It is a two story stone building built about 1781 with a mid-19th century frame addition.
 Conomitra lindae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.
 Lana Jalosjos is a Filipina singer Politician and former TV Host of the longest afternoon running variety show Eat Bulaga aired on GMA Network.
 Edward Barnes Borron (December 6 1820 – April 23 1915) was a Canadian politician. He represented the electoral district of Algoma in the Canadian House of Commons from 1874 to 1878. He was a member of the Liberal Party.The son of John Arthur Borron and Mary Geddes he was educated at Lancashire Newcastle upon Tyne and the University of Edinburgh before entering work in his father's mines in Lanarkshire. In 1842 he became general manager.
 MMX (2010 in Roman numerals) by Procol Harum is a live album released 2010. It was recorded as part of their 2010/2011 tour of Canada Estonia Finland German Italy Poland UK and USAThis album is also noteworthy because it contains three new Brooker / Reid tracks have never released before - Sister Mary Yours If You Want Me and War Is Not Healthy.
 George Robert Dawson PC (24 December 1790 – 3 April 1856) was an Anglo-Irish Tory politician.
 John Jay Good (July 12 1827 – September 17 1882) was a Texan judge soldier and mayor of the city of Dallas.
 Young and Restless is the debut album by band of the same name Young and Restless. It was released on July 14 2007.
 Ta Wee (1966–1980) was an American Thoroughbred Hall of Fame race horse.
 Joachim Godske Moltke was Prime Minister of Denmark. He was also father of Prime Minister Adam Wilhelm Moltke and the son of Danish diplomat Adam Gottlob Moltke.
 Eagle Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located at Upper Makefield Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1800 and is a 2 1/2-story two bay stone structure with a steeply pitched gable roof. In 1854 a larger section was added. It is a 2 1/2-story three bay by three bay stone structure. It features eyebrow windows on the front and rear facades. During the 19th century the building was used as a hotel store post office and polling place.
 Farces et moralités (Farces and morality plays) is a collection of six comedy plays in one act written by the French novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau and published by Fasquelle in 1904: Vieux ménages (Old couples) L’Épidémie (The Epidemic Bloomington University of Denver Press 1949) Les Amants (The Lovers) Scrupules (Scruples New York Samuel French 1923) Le Portefeuille (The Purse) and Interview.
 Tollen is a village located 6 km from Churachandpur and 52 kilometres (32 mi) from Imphal the capital city of Manipur India. It is located at .
 Lewis Baker (November 11 1832 – April 30 1899) was the Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Ohio County and served from 1871 to 1872.Lewis Baker was born in Belmont County Ohio in 1832. In the 1850 US Federal Census he is listed as an apprentice printer in Perry Township Tuscarawas County Ohio. He was admitted to practice law in Ohio.
 The West Schoolhouse is a historic school building at 141 Shawsheen Avenue in Wilmington Massachusetts. It is the best-preserved of Wilmington's remaining one-room schoolhouses. This single story wood frame building was probably (based on stylistic analysis) built in the 1860s or 1870s although its resemblance in form to the c. 1840s Old Centre Schoolhouse suggests a possible earlier construction date and subsequent remodeling.
 Fukutoku-Okanoba (福徳岡ノ場) is a submarine volcano that is part of the Volcano Islands in the Bonin Islands of Japan. It is located 5 kilometers northeast of the island of South Iwo Jima.
 Paws is an independent 1997 Australian family film that was released on 25 September 1997 in Australia and filmed in Sydney New South Wales.The film stars 15-year-old guitarist Nathan Cavaleri who has adventures with PC - a talking Jack Russell Terrier (voiced by comedian Billy Connolly).
 How Do You Do is the second studio album by American recording artist Mayer Hawthorne released October 5 2011 on Universal Republic Records. The limited edition box set of the album gave Hawthorne his first Grammy Award nomination for Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package in 2014.
 Nýtt Líf (About this sound pronunciation ) is a film directed by Þráinn Bertelsson and released in 1983. The film is a comedy shot in the Westman Islands and stars Eggert Þorleifsson and Karl Ágúst Úlfsson among others. The music features several musicians including the band Tappi Tíkarrass (of which Björk was a member) which contributed the songs Sperglar and Kukl (a.k.a. Seiður).
 Kajetanowo [kajɛtaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koneck within Aleksandrów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Koneck 12 km (7 mi) south of Aleksandrów Kujawski and 31 km (19 mi) south of Toruń.
 Kool Spice is an album released by The Pillows on July 2 1994. It is the band's first record to be released through King Records and features a blend of alternative rock and jazz. Original bassist Kenji Ueda left the band after their previous album White Incarnation for musical differences. Guest bassist Tatsuya Kashima would serve to be the supporting replacement leaving the original members as a trio band as noted by the album cover.
 Kursztyn [ˈkurʂtɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Gniew 25 km (16 mi) south of Tczew and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 476.
 Gimsøy Church (Norwegian: Gimsøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Gimsøy on the island of Gimsøya. The church is part of the Gimsøy og Strauman parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
 Big Indian Mountain is a mountain located in Ulster County New York. The mountain is part of the Catskill Mountains.It is flanked to the northwest by Eagle Mountain to the southeast by Fir Mountain and to the southwest by Doubletop Mountain.The northeast slopes of Big Indian Mountain drain into Elk Bushkill thence into Esopus Creek the Hudson River and into New York Bay. The north end of Big Indian Mtn.
 Čedomir Antić Ph.D. (Serbian Cyrillic: Чедомир Антић Serbian pronunciation: [tʃɛ̌.dɔ.mir ǎːn.tiɕ]) (born 9 October 1974) is a Serbian historian political activist and former student leader.
 Black Garden: Armenia and Azerbaijan Through Peace and War is one of the major works of Thomas de Waal. The book based on study of Armenia and Azerbaijan two former Soviet republics during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.
 Marisa Ferretti Barth (born April 28 1931) was a Canadian Senator.
 Megalomania is the second album released by Norwegian black metal band Enslavement of Beauty in 2001. The song And to Temptation's Darkness Forever Abide was added to the expanded version where the track order also is different. All music composed by Tony Eugene Tunheim all lyrics written by Ole Alexander Myrholt.
 Motorwali is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 New Media & Society is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of communication. The journal's editors are Nicholas Jankowski and Steve Jones. It has been in publication since 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 Blackdown Hill is a prominent elevation 215 metres (705 ft) high 8 kilometres southwest of the town of Crewkerne in the county of Dorset in southern England. Its prominence of 34 metres (112 ft) means it is listed as one of the Tumps. It is located within the Blackdown Hills.The open summit of the hill lies at the northern end of a mile-long north-south ridge.
 The Longford River is an English artificial waterway a distributary designed to embellish a park that diverts water 12 miles (19 km) from the River Colne at Longford near Colnbrook to Bushy Park and Hampton Court Palace where at both it has outlets to the Thames on the reaches above Teddington Lock and Molesey Lock respectively. It was built for King Charles I in 1638/39 as a water supply for Hampton Court and water features in Bushy Park were added in 1710.
 John Condit (July 8 1755 – May 4 1834) was a United States Representative and a United States Senator from New Jersey and father of United States Representative Silas Condit.Condit was born in Orange New Jersey and after attending public schools he then studied medicine. Condit went on to serve as a surgeon in the American Revolutionary War. He became one of the founders and a trustee of the Orange Academy in 1785.
 Harishchandragad (map) is a hill fort in the Ahmednagar district of India. Its history is linked with that of Malshej Ghat kothale village and it has played a major role in guarding and controlling thesurrounding region.
 No Evidence of Disease is a feature-length documentary film about N.E.D. a rock band of six gynecologic oncologists who seek to bring more attention and awareness to women's cancers.
 Epermenia pseudofuscomaculata is a moth of the Epermeniidae family. It is endemic to Kyushu Japan.The length of the forewings is 4–5 millimetres (0.16–0.20 in). As the species name suggests it is similar to Epermenia fuscomaculata but the forewings are a little darker especially on the apical area. The fasciae are reddish-brown.
 Kenny Rogers is the title of Kenny Rogers' second solo album for United Artists Records released worldwide in 1977. The album marked his first major solo success following the minor success of Love Lifted Me in 1976.The album produced two singles. The first single 1976's Laura (What He's Got That I Ain't Got?) peaked at #19. This song was originally a #1 country hit for Leon Ashley in 1967.
 GoldenEye (1995) is the seventeenth spy film in the James Bond series and the first to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 officer James Bond. The film was directed by Martin Campbell and is the first film in the series not to take story elements from the works of novelist Ian Fleming. The story was conceived and written by Michael France with later collaboration by other writers.
 The Andrew Dickhaut Cottages Historic District is a historic district located at 114—141 Bath Street 6-18 Duke Street and 377 Orms Street in Providence Rhode Island.The district was added to the National Historic Register in 1984.
 The Waireia River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. Part of the Kaipara Harbour system it flows north to meet the Oruawharo River 10 kilometres west of Wellsford.
 Languages in Contrast is a peer-reviewed academic journal of contrastive linguistics established in 1998 and published biannually by John Benjamins Publishing Company. Focusing on comparative studies of two or multiple languages it covers all subfields of both theoretical and applied linguistics such as morphology phonology discourse analysis language education etc.The current editors-in-chief are Silvia Bernardini (University of Bologna) and Hilde Hasselgård (University of Oslo).
 The Hancock Town Hall and Fire Hall is a public building located at 399 Quincy Street in the Quincy Street Historic District in Hancock Michigan. It is also known as the Hancock City Hall. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1977 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Valea Gruiului is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 Solitude Plantation House is located in St. Francisville Louisiana. It was built in 1815 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 27 1983.
 Shark Bait (The Reef in the UK Australia and North America Pi's Story in South Korea) is a 2006 South Korean-American computer animated film. The plot revolves around Pi and his attempt to win the heart of Cordelia while dealing with a tiger shark who is terrorizing him and the reef's inhabitants. The film was a commercial failure.
 The Korean snake eel (Pisodonophis sangjuensis) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). It was described by Hwan-Sung Ji and Jin-Koo Kim in 2011. It is a marine temperate water-dwelling eel which is known from Korea in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. It dwells at a depth range of 5 to 110 metres (16 to 361 ft) and uses its hard pointed tail to form burrows in sand and mud sediments.
 Agnidevan (Malayalam : അഗ്നിദേവന്‍) (English: The Lord Of Fire) (1995) is an Indian film in Malayalam written by P. Balachandran and directed by Venu Nagavalli starring Mohanlal and Revathi. The Leadership over the family newspaper causes the family to split apart and have problems. This is main theme of the film and is of Genre Musical/Drama. It is one of the successful film of the year along with the film's Music.
 1981 longer title 1981: L'année ou je suis devenue un menteur (1981: The Year I Became a Liar) is a 2009 Canadian French language comedy-drama film from Quebec written and directed by Ricardo Trogi. It was released on 4 September 2009. The film is autobiographical about the youth years of the director as told by him during the film.
 Prunella is a 1918 American silent romantic fantasy film directed by Maurice Tourneur. The film is based on the 1906 play Prunella or Love in a Dutch Garden by Laurence Housman and Harley Granville-Barker and stars Marguerite Clark in the title role. Clark also starred in the 1913 Winthrop Ames produced Broadway stage production on which the film is based. The majority of the film is considered lost with only fragments still in existence.
 K. P. K. Kumaran (Tamil: கே.பி.கே.குமரன்) a politician from the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party is a former member of the Parliament of India who represented Tamil Nadu in the Rajya Sabha the upper house of the Indian Parliament. He is the son of K. P. Kandasamy and grandson of S. P. Adithanar.
 Stablemates is a 1938 film starring Wallace Beery and Mickey Rooney. The movie was directed by Sam Wood.
 Victor Ochei (Born February 25 1969) from Ogbekenu Delta State Nigeria was elected Speaker Delta State House of Assembly on 6th June 2011 as the representative of Aniocha North constituencymarking the commencement of the Fifth Assembly of the Delta State Legislature. He held the position of Primus Interpares of the Delta State Assembly for a period of 2years 9months of exemplary stewardship before his voluntary resignation on 18th March 2014.
 Proterocosma ochronota is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1886. It is found in Tonga.
 Zeno's Conscience (Italian: La coscienza di Zeno [la koʃˈʃɛntsa di ˈddzɛːno]) is a novel by Italian writer Italo Svevo. The main character is Zeno Cosini and the book is the fictional character's memoirs that he keeps at the insistence of his psychiatrist. Throughout the novel we learn about his father his business his wife and his tobacco habit. The novel was self-published in 1923. The original English translation was published under the title Confessions of Zeno.
 Nodozana jucunda is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Jones in 1914. It is found in Brazil.
 Dreamland is the debut album by Robert Miles. It was released on June 7 1996 in Europe where it was a hit and was also released in the U.S. about a month later with a new track sung by Maria Nayler One and One. This new track became very popular and was later released as a single in the U.S. and Germany. At the end of 1996 Miles released a new version of Dreamland called Dreamland — The Winter Edition in Germany.
 He's a Woman She's a Man (金枝玉葉 or Gam Chi Yuk Yip) is a 1994 film directed by Peter Chan Ho Sun and written by James Yuen and Lee Chi Ngai. It stars Leslie Cheung Kwok Wing Anita Yuen Wing Yee Carina Lau Kar Ling Jordan Chan Siu Chun and Eric Tsang Chi Wai. Its many awards garnered include Best Actress at the 14th Annual HK Film Awards for Anita Yuen and Best Original Song for 'Chase' by Leslie Cheung. It was followed by a sequel: Who's the Woman Who's the Man? in 1996.
 Greg Bialecki (born 1960/1961) has been the Massachusetts Secretary of Housing and Economic Development since he was appointed by Governor Deval Patrick in 2009. Prior to serving as secretary Bialecki was Undersecretary of Business Development and spent twenty years as a real estate and environmental attorney at the law firms Hill & Barlow and DLA Piper.Bialecki attended Harvard University for both his undergraduate studies and law school.
 GlobalPost is an online US news company that focuses on international news founded on January 12 2009 by Charles M. Sennott and Philip S. Balboni. Their stated goal is to redefine international news for the digital age. GlobalPost has 65 correspondents worldwide.
 Smock Historic District is a national historic district located at Franklin Township and Menallen Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. The district includes 177 contributing buildings 4 contributing sites 7 contributing structures and 1 contributing object in the coal mining community of Smock. Most of the contributing buildings and structures were built between the 1880s and 1923. They include the extractive and archaeological remains of Colonial Mines No.
 The earthworm eels also known as the spineless eels are a family (Chaudhuriidae) of small freshwater eel-like fish related to the swamp eels and spiny eels. The 10 known species (as of 2011) are literally the size and shape of earthworms thus the family name.
 Lamar Seeligson Smith (born November 19 1947) is the U.S. Representative (Republican) for Texas's 21st congressional district serving since 1987. The district includes most of the wealthier sections of San Antonio and Austin as well as some of the Texas Hill Country. He sponsored the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) and the Protecting Children From Internet Pornographers Act (PCIP). He also co-sponsored the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act.
 Kunowsky Crater is a large crater in the Mare Acidalium quadrangle of Mars located at 57.1° north latitude and 9.7° west longitude. It is 67.4 km in diameter and was named after George K. Kunowsky a German astronomer (1786–1846). Because it lies on a large flat plain Kunowsky is easy to spot on maps and pictures.
 The Clifton Pool and Victoria Public House (grid reference ST576735) is an historic lido and public house situated in Oakfield Place in the Whiteladies Road area of Clifton Bristol England. Also known as the Clifton Lido the pool is an open air swimming pool designed by Richard Shackleton Pope and opened on Monday 29 July 1850.
 Clarence Sayward Wilkinson (born September 26 1910 in Gloucester Massachusetts died July 12 1996 in Bremen Maine) was an American politician who served as Mayor of Beverly Massachusetts from 1951–1957 State Representative from 1957 to 1961 Town Manager of Saugus from 1968 to 1970 and Town Manager of Boothbay Harbor Maine from 1970 to 1975.
 Young Man with a Horn is a 1938 novel by Dorothy Baker that is loosely based on the real life of jazz trumpet player Bix Beiderbecke. The novel was adapted for the movie Young Man With a Horn (1950) with Kirk Douglas Lauren Bacall and Doris Day.
 The House of Silk is a Sherlock Holmes novel written by British author Anthony Horowitz published on 1 November 2011 in the United States and Europe. It marks the first time that the Conan Doyle Estate has authorised a new Sherlock Holmes pastiche though that was disputed by Leslie S. Klinger.
 The Park Grill is the only full-service restaurant included in the multi-billion dollar Millennium Park project in Chicago Illinois. Its outdoor seating area is the largest al fresco dining area in Chicago.
 Ciechania [t͡ɕeˈxaɲa] (Ukrainian: Тиханя Tykhania) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Krempna 34 km (21 mi) south of Jasło and 74 km (46 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village was founded by the Stadnicki family in 16th century.
 The Boston Record was founded on September 3 1884 by The Boston Daily Advertiser as an evening campaign newspaper. The Record was so popular that it was made a permanent publication.
 Falling From Grace is an EP released by former Belle & Sebastian member Isobel Campbell under the name of The Gentle Waves. The album was released on September 2000.
 Gabriele Heinisch-Hosek (born 16 December 1961) is an Austrian politician. She has served as minister without portfolio since 2 December 2008 and as the federal minister for women and civil service within the Federal Chancellery since 18 December 2008.
 He's the King And His Band is the first album by Al Hirt to be released by RCA Victor. The album was recorded at RCA Victor's Studio A in New York City.The album reached No. 61 on the Billboard Top LPs chart in 1961.
 Paulet Island is a circular island about 1.5 km (0.93 mi) in diameter lying 4.5 km (2.8 mi) south-east of Dundee Island off the north-eastern end of the Antarctic Peninsula. Because of its large penguin colony it is a popular destination for sightseeing tours.
 Travels with My Aunt (1969) is a novel written by English author Graham Greene.The novel follows the travels of Henry Pulling a retired bank manager and his eccentric Aunt Augusta as they find their way across Europe and eventually even further afield. Aunt Augusta pulls Henry away from his quiet suburban existence into a world of adventure crime and the highly unconventional details of her past.
 The Sitlika Range is a subrange of the Hogem Ranges of the Omineca Mountains bounded by the Fall River and Ogden Creek in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Jyotiraditya Madhavrao Scindia (born 1 January 1971) is an Indian politician. He is a current Member of Parliament a member of the Indian National Congress party and the Union Minister of State for the Ministry of Power. In the Indian parliament Scindia represents the Guna constituency in the state of Madhya Pradesh.Scindia is one of the wealthiest ministers in the government of India and in addition a claimant to property worth Rs.
 Ángel M. Rodríguez Otero is a Puerto Rican politician from the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). Rodríguez was elected to the Senate of Puerto Rico in 2012.Rodríguez was born in Comerío. He has a Master's degree in Public Administration. Rodríguez decided to run for a seat in the Senate of Puerto Rico under the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). After winning a spot on the 2012 primaries he was elected on the general elections to represent the District of Guayama.
 The Paraná River (Spanish: Río Paraná Portuguese: Rio Paraná) is a river in south Central South America running through Brazil Paraguay and Argentina for some 4880 kilometres (3030 mi). It is second in length only to the Amazon River among South American rivers. The name Paraná is an abbreviation of the phrase para rehe onáva which comes from the Tupi language and means like the sea (that is as big as the sea).
 Women Are Better Diplomats (German: Frauen sind doch bessere Diplomaten) is a 1941 German musical comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Marika Rökk Willy Fritsch and Aribert Wäscher. It was based on a novel by Hans Flemming. The film was the first German feature film to be made in colour and was one of the most expensive films produced during the Third Reich. The film met with a positive public response and was among the most popular German films of the early war years.
 Cross The T's and Gouge Your I's is Sum 41's second DVD. It was released in 2002 as the bonus DVD for the USA and UK editions of their hit album Does This Look Infected? and as a separate DVD worldwide.The DVD includes six sections: Play Videos Reign of Pain Home Movies Pain for Pleasure Songs Lucifer Recommends and Weblink.
 The Journal of Simulation is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research and practice in the field of discrete event simulation. It is an official journal of The Operational Research Society.
 Alvin Saunders (July 12 1817 – November 1 1899) was a U.S. Senator from Nebraska in the United States as well as the governor of the Nebraska Territory for most of the American Civil War.
 Amphetamine (Chinese: 安非他命; Jyutping: on1 fei1 taa1 ming6) is a 2010 Hong Kong film starring Byron Pang and Thomas Price. It revolves around the story of a Chinese fitness trainer Kafka who meets Daniel a business executive. The film is directed by acclaimed Hong Kong Chinese film-maker Scud the stage name of Danny Cheng Wan-Cheung. It was nominated for a Teddy Award at the Berlin International Film Festival of 2010.
 Kid is a 2012 drama film. It was written and directed by Fien Troch produced by Antonino Lombardo and starred Bent Simons Gabriela Carrizo and Maarten Meeusen.The film tells the story of Kid a seven year-old boy who lives with his mother and his older brother Billy on a farm outside a small town. Abandoned by their father they have had to fend for themselves.
 Final Offer is a Canadian film documenting the 1984 contract negotiations between the United Auto Workers Union (UAW) and GM. Ultimately it provided a historical record of the birth of the Canadian Auto Workers Union (CAW) as Bob White then head of the Canadian sector of the UAW led his membership out of the International union and created the CAW.The movie depicts life in an era of massive industrial change in North America.
 Oxycanus barnardi is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Queensland and New South Wales.
 Loving Sabotage (French: Le Sabotage amoureux) is a Belgian novel by Amélie Nothomb. It was first published in 1993.
 Amzi Bradley Farmstead is a historic home located at Hartland in Niagara County New York. It is a two-story cobblestone structure built in 1836 by Connecticut native Amzi Bradley in the Greek Revival style. It features irregularly shaped variously colored cobbles in its construction. It is one of approximately 47 cobblestone structures in Niagara County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Malind is a village in the municipality of Çepan in Skrapar District Berat County Albania.
 The Daily Emerald is an online student news site produced at the University of Oregon in Eugene Oregon United States. Its predecessor the Oregon Daily Emerald newspaper founded in 1899 trained many prominent writers and journalists and made important contributions to journalism case law. Currently two print editions also are published each week Emerald Monday and Emerald Wknd.
 Chondrocladia is a genus of carnivorous demosponges of the family Cladorhizidae of mycalinan Poecilosclerida. Neocladia was long considered a junior synonym but has recently become accepted as a distinct genus.33 named species are placed in this genus at present but at least two additional undescribed ones are known to exist while some of the described ones are known only from a few specimens or (e.g.
 D. Nuno da Cunha (c. 1487 – March 5 1539) was a governor of Portuguese possessions in India from 1528 to 1538. He was the son of Antónia Pais and Tristão da Cunha the famous Portuguese navigator admiral and ambassador to Pope Leo X. Nuno da Cunha proved his mettle in battles at Oja and Brava and at the capture of Panane under the viceroy Francisco de Almeida.
 Murrah River is an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial river located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Gindarja Springs is an alignment of depressions (intermittent springs) that consists of three large indentations aligned in a northwesterly direction within the Racetrack playa area of Death Valley USA. Two are completely within the Racetrack playa and the third is on the edge. All three are associated with significant vegetation.
 Scheienkopf is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria although the summit is in Austria in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps with a height of 2159 metres (7083 ft).
 Never Odd or Even is the debut solo album by The String Cheese Incident keyboard player Kyle Hollingsworth released in 2004. The album features Dave Watts (of Motet) on drums Ross Martin on guitar and Matt Spencer on bass. It also features guests Joshua Redman Robert Randolph and Michael Kang (of String Cheese Incident).
 Koronka [kɔˈrɔnka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków within Kalisz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Kalisz and 106 km (66 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 90.
 I Am the Night is the third album by heavy metal band Pantera released in August 16 1985. (see 1985 in music) on record and cassette. Any CD release is a bootleg transferred via vinyl or tape. This album is where some of Pantera's faster and heavier influences were becoming more apparent especially on the title track and Down Below (which was re-recorded for their next album Power Metal). Guitar solos took on character hinting at Dimebag's later style.
 Pierre Deniger (16 October 1947 – 13 April 1992) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Longueuil Quebec and became a businessman and lawyer by career.He won the Laprairie electoral district in the 1979 federal election and was re-elected there in 1980. In the 1984 election Deniger was defeated by Fernand Jourdenais of the Progressive Conservative party. Deniger also lost to Jourdenais in another attempt to win the riding in the 1988 election.
 The Pygmy Nightjar (Caprimulgus hirundinaceus) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
 Qaleh-ye Bahador (Persian: قلعه بهادر‎ also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Bahādor) is a village in Teshkan Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 230 in 47 families.
 American Grown: The Story of the White House Kitchen Garden and Gardens Across America is a book by First Lady of the United States Michelle Obama published in 2012. The book promotes healthy eating and documents the White House Kitchen Garden through the seasons. The garden planted in 2009 on the White House's South Lawn was instrumental in the First Lady's Let's Move! initiative to end childhood obesity.
 The Computer That Said Steal Me (ISBN 0-590-32636-8) is a 1983 Elizabeth Levy book about a boy who wants to get a chess computer in order to compete with his friends but feels he must steal it because his parents cannot afford it. He devises a rather ingenious means of making the theft but after the act is consummated he is overcome with guilt and paranoia similar to Raskolnikov in Crime and Punishment.
 Piirakajärv is a lake in the northeast of Estonia close to its border with Russia.
 Project 11-41 is the third album album by rock band Slapshock released in 2002.It was certified platinum in the Philippines.
 The Jefferson County Courthouse in Fairfield Iowa United States was built from 1890 to 1893. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Black Mamo (Drepanis funerea) is an extinct bird species once endemic to the island of Molokai although there is fossil evidence of it having lived on Maui.
 Acmaeoderopsis is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Acmaeoderopsis chisosensis (Knull 1952) Acmaeoderopsis guttifera (LeConte 1859) Acmaeoderopsis hassayampae (Knull 1961) Acmaeoderopsis hualpaiana (Knull 1952) Acmaeoderopsis hulli (Knull 1928) Acmaeoderopsis jaguarina (Knull 1938) Acmaeoderopsis junki (Théry 1929) Acmaeoderopsis paravaripilis (Barr 1972) Acmaeoderopsis prosopis Davidson 2006 Acmaeoderopsis rockefelleri (Cazier 1951) Acmaeoderopsis vaga (Barr 1972) Acmaeoderopsis varipilis (Van Dyke 1934) Acmaeoderopsis westcotti (Barr 1972)↑
 Surenitidae is one of five families of the Gastriocerataceae superfamily. They are an extinct group of ammonoid which are shelled cephalopods related to squids belemnites octopuses and cuttlefish and more distantly to the nautiloids.
 G: Methamphetamine on the Navajo Nation known simply as G is a 2004 independent documentary film directed and produced by Shonie De La Rosa and Larry Blackhorse Lowe. It explores the effect that methamphetamine has had on the Navajo Nation and interviews the people whose lives have been affected by the highly addictive drug.
 H. P. Lovecraft: Against the World Against Life (French: H. P. Lovecraft : Contre le monde contre la vie) is a work of literary criticism by French author Michel Houellebecq regarding the works of H. P. Lovecraft.
 The Conqueror Worms (alternate title Earthworm Gods) is a post-apocalyptic themed horror novel written by author Brian Keene. Earthworm Gods was a 9000 word short story that simultaneously was printed in 4x4 and No Rest For The Wicked.
 The Bank of Bigheart is a historic commercial building in the town of Barnsdall Oklahoma.
 Puigllançada is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2409 metres above sea level.
 Hugo Rafael Chávez Frías (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈuɣo rafaˈel ˈtʃaβes ˈfɾi.as]; 28 July 1954 – 5 March 2013) was a Venezuelan politician and the President of Venezuela from 1999 until his death in 2013.
 The Colleen Bawn or The Brides of Garryowen is a melodramatic play written by Irish playwright Dion Boucicault. It was first performed at Miss Laura Keene's Theatre New York on 27 March 1860 with Laura Keene playing Anne Chute and Boucicault playing Myles na Coppaleen. It was most recently performed in Dublin at the Project Arts Centre in July and August 2010. Several film versions have also been made.
 Gordon Lesley Park (June 29 1937 – March 11 2010) was a petroleum engineer and geologist for the Chevron Oil Company who served from 1993 to 1996 as a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives from District 49 in Uinta County.
 John Thomas Lang (21 December 1876 – 27 September 1975) usually referred to as J.T. Lang during his career and familiarly known as Jack and nicknamed The Big Fella was an Australian politician who was Premier of New South Wales for two terms (1925–27 1930–32). He is the only Premier of an Australian state to have been dismissed by the state Governor.
 Belle Teal is a novel written by Ann M. Martin in 2001. It tells the story of Belle Teal Harper her mother Adele her grandmother Belle Teal Rhodes and their friends and community. Belle teal is now going into 5th grade and this year is very special. she is going to have the best teacher ever! (the one shes been hoping to get forever) and her best friends are in her class. Also a few new kids are coming with her to class some kids who are different then her but not so much.
 El Cogul (Navès) is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1526 metres above sea level.
 The People of Sparks a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Jeanne DuPrau that was published in 2004. It is the second Book of Ember in the series and a sequel to The City of Ember; other books in the series include The Prophet of Yonwood and The Diamond of Darkhold.The Playtone Company (the production company that released the City of Ember film) also purchased the rights to The People of Sparks but after the box office failure of the first film plans for the sequel were shelved.
 Bel-Air refers to both a private subdivision and gated community and a barangay in Makati City Philippines. To the north the village itself is bound by Neptune-Anza-Orion-Mercedes-Amapola Streets Estrella Street on the northeast Epifanio de los Santos Avenue on the southeast Jupiter Street on the southwest and Nicanor Garcia Street (formerly Reposo) on the northwest. It encompasses a total land area of 787234 square meters and is roughly shaped like a tobacco pipe.
 Our Nixon is an all-archival documentary providing a view of the Nixon presidency through the use of home movies filmed by top Nixon aides combined with other historical material.
 Devils Thumb or Taalkhunaxhkʼu Shaa in Tlingit is a mountain in the Stikine Icecap region of the Alaska–British Columbia border near Petersburg. It is named for its projected thumb-like appearance. Its name in the Tlingit language has the meaning the Mountain That Never Flooded and is said to have been a refuge for people during Aangalakhu (the Great Flood).
 Thy Hand Great Anarch! is a 1987 autobiographical sequel to Indian essayist Nirad C. Chaudhuri's The Autobiography of an Unknown Indian. Its title was inspired from the concluding couplet of Alexander Pope's The Dunciad which runs thus:Written when he was in his 80's this book provides a perspective to the Indian political scene from the 20's to India's independence.
 The John Gregovich House at 101 Summit in Tonopah Nevada United States is a historic house built in 1906 that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Like the Zeb Kendall House also built in Tonopah in 1906 and also NRHP-listed it is of Neo-Colonial style.It was deemed significant for its architecture and for its association with Tonopah merchant John Gregovich who built the house at about the time he established his business on Main Street.
 Mount Monroe is a 5372-foot-high (1637 m) mountain peak southwest of Mount Washington in the Presidential Range of the White Mountains in New Hampshire United States. It is named for American President James Monroe and is the fourth highest mountain on the 4000 footers list for New Hampshire. The Appalachian Trail skirts its summit which is the next highest peak on or near the trail north of Mount Rogers in Virginia.
 Turritella dura is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Apotomops spomotopa is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family that is endemic to Peru.The length of the forewings is about 7.5 millimetres (0.30 in) for males and about 10 millimetres (0.39 in) for females. The ground colour of the forewings is white mottled with grey overscaling distally. The hindwings are white but pale beige in the apical region.
 Dirty Heroes also known as From Hell to Victory and Heroes Five (Italian: Dalle Ardenne all'inferno) is a 1967 Italian macaroni combat war film directed by Alberto De Martino and starring Frederick Stafford.
 The Last Trimester is a 2006 made for TV movie starring Chandra West Jim ThorburnMatthew Harrison and Lara Gilchrist.
 Nowjeh Deh (Persian: نوجه ده‎; also known as Navābī Navādeh Novābī Novādeh Pīr Nuvābi and Nuvady) is a village in Tazeh Kand Rural District Khosrowshahr District Tabriz County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2057 in 372 families.
 The Padina Popii River is a tributary of the Ciorânga Mare River in Romania.
 Leakey is a small undistinguished lunar impact crater that is located in an area of rough terrain in the eastern part of the Moon. The immediate area is not notable for crater features although some distance to the southwest is the crater pair of Capella and Isidorus. In the surface between this pair and Leakey is a system of rilles designated the Rimae Gutenberg that follow a course to the southeast.Leakey is a circular bowl-shaped formation that is symmetrical and not significantly eroded.
 Kirchlespitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps between Malbun and Steg with a height of 1929 metres (6329 ft).
 The Onslaught is the debut studio album by American thrash metal band Lazarus A.D. Released in 2007 as a self produced album and re-released through Metal Blade records in 2009.
 The controversy over Fatal Vision journalist and author Joe McGinniss's best-selling 1983 true crime book is a decades-long dispute involving as well several other published works.In 1970 at their home on Fort Bragg North Carolina Green Beret Captain Jeffrey MacDonald M.D. was injured and his pregnant wife and two young daughters were murdered.
 Øymarksjøen is a lake in the municipalities of Aremark and Marker in Østfold county Norway.
 HM Prison Wellingborough was a Category C men's prison located in Wellingborough Northamptonshire England. The prison was operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Amityville – The Nightmare Continues is a 1991 horror novel written by Robin Karl. It is the final installment and attempted reboot of The Amityville Horror book series.
 Motion is an album by jazz saxophonist Lee Konitz recorded in 1961 for Verve Records. It features drummer Elvin Jones and bassist Sonny Dallas. It is regarded by many as Konitz's finest album. The 1990 CD issue expanded the number of tracks from five to eight; a 1998 release then expanded this to 38 although most of the additional tracks were from different recording sessions.
 Working Classics: Poems on Industrial Life is a landmark literary anthology of American working-class poetry written during the second half of the 20th century.The book identifies within post-World War II American literature an emerging trend: a new poetry about mills and mines and blue-collar neighborhoods. Much of this verse was inspired by the postwar industrial prosperity of the 1950s and 1960s followed by rapid deindustrialization in the United States in the 1970s and 1980s.
 Izzatdaar is a 1990 Bollywood film and starring Dilip Kumar Govinda Madhuri Dixit Anupam Kher Shafi Inamdar and Raghuvaran in his Bollywood film debut.
 This Is Not the Life I Ordered: 50 Ways to Keep Your Head Above Water When Life Keeps Dragging You Down is a collaborative non-fiction inspirational self-help book written by Deborah Collins Stephens Michealene Cristini Risley Jackie Speier and Jan Yanehiro. The book was first published in a hardcover format in 2007 by Conari Press. The first printing of the work was for thirty-five thousand copies and a second printing is planned.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady of Perpetual Help is a Catholic cathedral in Oklahoma City Oklahoma United States. It is the seat of the Archdiocese of Oklahoma City.
 Black Virgin Mountain (Vietnamese: Núi Bà Đen meaning Black Lady Mountain Khmer: Phnom Chol Baden) is a mountain in the Tay Ninh Province of Vietnam. To the Vietnamese the mountain is the center of a myth about Bà Đen a local deity of Khmer origin. During the Vietnam War the area around the mountain was very active as the Ho Chi Minh Trail ended a few kilometers west across the Cambodian border.
 George Edward Akerson was a U.S. journalist and the first official White House Press Secretary.
 My Heart Is That Eternal Rose (殺手蝴蝶夢) is a 1989 Hong Kong film directed by Patrick Tam.
 The Asău River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania
 The Central Sulawesi echiothrix (Echiothrix centrosa) also known as the Central Sulawesi spiny rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae. It is found only in Sulawesi Indonesia.
 Hammer is a 1972 blaxploitation film directed by Bruce Clark. The film was released following the successes of Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song and Shaft notable 1971 films that popularized black cinema. It starred Fred Williamson as B.J. Hammer. Williamson went on to become a staple of the genre.
 The Postman from Longjumeau (German: Der Postillon von Lonjumeau) is a 1936 Austrian-Swiss musical comedy film directed by Carl Lamac and starring Carl Esmond Rose Stradner and Alfred Neugebauer. The film is known by several alternative titles including Der König lächelt - Paris lacht (The King Smiles - Paris Laughs). It is loosely based on the 1836 opera Le postillon de Lonjumeau by Adolphe Adam.
 Neocoenyra kivuensis is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo Burundi western Tanzania Zambia and Malawi. The habitat consists of Brachystegia woodland montane grassland on forest margins at altitudes between 1000 and 2000 meters.
 Górki [ˈɡurki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów within Brzozów County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Brzozów and 43 km (27 mi) south of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1800.
 Beautiful is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Vivian Green released by E1 Music on April 6 2010 in the United States. The album is heavily produced by Grammy- nominated long-time friend and collaborator Anthony Bell with an addition production cut from Jason Farmer. Beautiful is the album's leading single and was released February 23 2010. The song entitled Jordan's Song is also a dedication to her son.
 Delush Bazar (Persian: دلوش بازار‎ also Romanized as Delūsh Bāzār) is a village in Negur Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 62 in 13 families.
 Mount Mihara (三原山 Mihara-san) is an active volcano on the Japanese isle of Izu Ōshima. Although the volcano is predominantly basaltic major eruptions have occurred at intervals of 100–150 years.From a vantage point near the top of the cone it was once possible to leap into the crater. As a result the volcano became a popular venue for suicides. Beginning in the 1920s several suicides occurred in the volcano every week; more than six hundred people jumped in 1936.
 The American Democrat: Or Hints on the Social and Civic Relations of the United States of America a political essay written by American republican author James Fenimore Cooper was published initially in New York State in 1838.
 ··Chamatkara Chintamani is a revered treatise on the predictive part of Hindu astrology. It comprises one hundred and eight Sanskrit Slokas written by Bhatta Narayana. Brij Behari Lal Sharma the modern translator and commentator of this treatise writes that it was probably written in the 14th Century A.D. and that the author belonged to a Brahmin family hailing from Maharashtra which had settled in Mysore Karnataka.
 Spring in Park Lane is a 1948 British romantic comedy film directed by Herbert Wilcox.
 William Anthony Kirsopp Lake best known as Tony Lake (born April 2 1939) is the Executive Director of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) author academic and former American diplomat Foreign Service Officer and political advisor. He has been a foreign policy advisor to many Democratic U.S. presidents and presidential candidates and served as National Security Advisor under U.S. President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1997.
 Zhang Dejiang (born 4 November 1946) is a high-ranking official in the Communist Party of China (CPC). He currently serves as Chairman of the NPC Standing Committee equivalent to the speaker of the lower house in other countries. He is also a 3rd ranked member of the CPC Politburo Standing Committee and deputy head of the National Security Commission.
 The yellow-spotted keelback Xenochrophis flavipunctatus is a species of colubrid snake found inIndia Thailand China West Malaysia Laos Cambodia Vietnam Indonesia (Sumatra Java and Kalimantan) Its type locality is: Island of Hong Kong (Hong Kong) and Canton River? ChinaIUCN includes Taiwan in the range of X. flavipunctatus but excludes India Malaysia and Indonesia.X. f. schnurrenbergeri of Nepal is now considered an independent species Xenochrophis schnurrenbergeri.
 Armaan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Melanochromis benetos is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the Mpanga Rocks in the interface between rocky substrates and sandy substrates. This species can grow to a length of 9.1 centimetres (3.6 in) SL.
 Die Liebenden vom Hotel von Osman is a 2001 German short film directed by İdil Üner. It stars Üner herself and Fatih Akın in the cast.
 The Three Spot Crimson Tip (Colotis eunoma) is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found in Mozambique Tanzania and Kenya. The habitat consists of coastal dune scrubs.Adults are probably on wing year round.
 Badkhal Lake was a natural lake situated in Faridabad Haryana about 32 kilometers from Delhi.It was a natural lake surrounded by hilly areas of the Aravali Range in Haryana.
 Speller Aa is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Il Sentiero dell'odio is a 1950 Italian drama film directed by Sergio Grieco in his directoral debut.
 José Alberto Pepe Mujica Cordano (Spanish pronunciation: [xoˈse muˈxika]; born 20 May 1935) has been President of Uruguay since 2010. A former guerrilla fighter and a member of the Broad Front coalition of left-wing parties Mujica was Minister of Livestock Agriculture and Fisheries from 2005 to 2008 and a Senator afterwards.
 MacCracken Hall is a women’s residence hall on Miami University’s campus in Oxford Ohio. Built in 1957 and completed in the spring of 1961 MacCracken Hall was named after Miami Graduate Henry Mitchell MacCracken. It is located on Miami University’s Central Quad and currently houses four sorority chapters: Alpha Chi Omega Chi Omega Kappa Alpha Theta and Kappa Delta.
 Western Union Boy is a short story written by Nathanael West in the early 1930s; it was not published in West's lifetime and appears only in the Library of America edition of his collected work: Novels & Other Writings.
 Hoshihananomia ussuriensis is a species of beetle in the Hoshihananomia genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1970.
 Kumaree Rajeshree Deerpalsing MP (born नीता दीरपालसिंग on 27 January 1965) also known as Nita Deerpalsing is the 3rd Member of Parliament elected serving for constituency No 18 Belle Rose & Quatre Bornes since 2005.
 Allan and the Holy Flower is a 1915 novel by H. Rider Haggard featuring Allan Quatermain. It first appeared serialised in The Windsor Magazine. The plot involves Quatermain going on a trek into Africa to find a mysterious flower.
 Tentax bruneii is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is found in Brunei.The wingspan is about 9.5 mm. The head labial palps patagia prothorax and forewings (including fringes) are beige with a brown terminal area. The basal costal patch on the forewing and upper quadrangular medial area are black brown. The crosslines are indistinct and light brown except for the brown terminal line. The hindwings are light grey.
 To New Shores (German: Zu neuen Ufern) is a 1937 German drama film directed by Douglas Sirk and starring Zarah Leander Willy Birgel and Viktor Staal. It was Leander's first film for the German studio UFA and its success brought her into the front rank of the company's stars. It was shot at the Babelsberg Studio in Berlin.
 Beowulf and the Critics by J. R. R. Tolkien is a book edited by Michael D. C. Drout that presents scholary editions of the two manuscript versions of Tolkien's essays or lecture series Beowulf and the Critics which served as the basis for the much shorter 1936 lecture Beowulf: The Monsters and the Critics.Beowulf and the Critics was awarded the 2003 Mythopoeic Scholarship Award for Inklings Studies.
 The Abner Williams Log House is a historic log cabin in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located northeast of Ashley in Noble County it was the home of one of the leading citizens of early Noble County.Born in 1798 Abner Williams was the grandson of early Guernsey County settler Joseph Williams. In 1827 at the age of 29 Abner purchased land in a valley near the present-day Quaker City; here he settled and built his log house which was completed by the end of the year.
 Angus Thongs and Perfect Snogging is a 2008 British coming-of-age film co-written and directed by Gurinder Chadha. The film's lead is played by Georgia Groome with Aaron Taylor-Johnson and Karen Taylor amongst the supporting cast. The story is based on two teenage novels by Louise Rennison: Angus Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging and It's OK I'm Wearing Really Big Knickers.
 Roy Orbison and Friends A Black and White Night is a 1988 Cinemax television special originally broadcast on January 3 1988 starring Hall of Fame singer/songwriter Roy Orbison. The special was filmed entirely in black and white. A live album was released following the broadcast.
 Mitra (Mitra) coffea common name : the coffee mitre is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Seán Haughey (born 8 November 1961) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North–Central constituency from 1992 to 2011 and is a former Minister of State.The son of Charles Haughey and Maureen Lemass Haughey was educated at St Paul's College Raheny Dublin and Trinity College Dublin where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and Politics.
 Batrachedra macroloncha is a moth in the Batrachedridae family. It is found in Sri Lanka.
 Soreutoneura is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.
 All Fall Down is a 1960 novel by James Leo Herlihy which was adapted into a 1962 film directed by John Frankenheimer.
 The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is the head of Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom. The Prime Minister and Cabinet (consisting of all the most senior ministers who are government department heads) are collectively accountable for their policies and actions to the Monarch to Parliament to their political party and ultimately to the electorate.
 Tanya S. Chutkan is a Washington D.C. attorney in private practice and is a nominee to be a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
 The Journal of the Association of Nurses in AIDS Care is a bimonthly peer-reviewed nursing journal and the official journal of the Association of Nurses in AIDS Care published by Elsevier. The journal covers a broad spectrum of issues in HIV infection: education treatment prevention research clinical practice issues advocacy policy and program development.
 Trail of Dreams: A Canadian Suite is a 2000 studio album by Oscar Peterson. The album is a suite dedicated to Peterson's native Canada arranged by Michel Legrand.
 The juniper shield bug Cyphostethus tristriatus (Fieber 1860) (family: Acanthosomatidae) is a large (9-10.5 mm) green shield bug with distinctive pinkish-red markings on the corium.The bug's traditional foodplant is juniper with the larvae feeding on juniper berries. It has also adapted to use Lawson cypress (Chamaecyparis spp.) as a host.
 The Dusky Slender Opossum (Marmosops fuscatus) is a species of opossum in the Didelphidae family. It is found in Colombia Trinidad and Tobago and Venezuela. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Jane Holl Lute served as the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security from 2009 through 2013 after having been confirmed by the U.S. Senate on April 3 2009. Previously Lute was the United Nations Assistant Secretary-General for Peacebuilding Support. Before that she was Assistant Secretary-General for Mission Support in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations since August 2003. Currently Lute is the President and CEO of the Arlington based Council on CyberSecurity.
 For the astronomical object see Variable star.Variable Star is a 2006 novel written by Spider Robinson based on the surviving seven pages of an eight-page 1955 novel outline by the late Robert A. Heinlein. The book is set in a divergent offshoot of Heinlein's Future History and contains many references to works by Heinlein and other authors. It describes the coming of age of a young musician who signs on to the crew of a starship as a way of escaping from a failed romance.
 Y Tenerte Otra Vez is a studio album released by Pepe Aguilar. This album became his first number one album on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart.
 Laurel Homes Historic District is a registered historic district in Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register of Historic Places on May 19 1987. It contained 29 contributing buildings.All but three of the historic low-income public housing projects was razed between 2000-02 to make way for new condominiums.
 Moggridgea terrestris is a spider species in the genus Moggridgea. It is found in South Africa.
 Handleyomys is a genus of Central and South American rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae. It was first described in 2002 to include two species from the Colombian Andes which were previously included in distinct and unrelated genera Aepeomys and Oryzomys but which turned out to be closely related.
 Holding a Wolf by the Ears is the fourth and final studio album by the American post-hardcore band From Autumn to Ashes. It is also the only album without the band's original singer Ben Perri as well as the band's first album recorded with Rob Lauritson on 2nd guitar and their last with Josh Newton on bass.One track from Holding a Wolf by the Ears was released on December 14 track Deth Kult Social Club. and later Everything I Need.
 Elachista thelma is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in California.The length of the forewings is 4.8–5.8 millimetres (0.19–0.23 in). The ground colour of the forewings is light brownish grey dusted with darker tips of scales. The hindwings are grey and the underside of the wings is dark grey.
 Smyrna Elementary School is a historic elementary school building located at Smyrna in Chenango County New York. The original 86000-square-foot (8000 m2) L shaped school was constructed in 1941. In 1956 a 4650-square-foot (432 m2) addition was completed in two sections; a classroom section to the east and small kitchen addition to the south. It is a single story building with basement and mezzanine work space. The building is in the Art Moderne style.
 The Tanner Farmhouse is a historic residence near Wilmer Alabama United States. Completed in 1886 the one-story house was designed by Joseph A. Fills. Due to its architectural significance it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 20 2008.
 The Düssi (or Piz Git) is a mountain in the Glarus Alps located on the border between the cantons of Uri and Graubünden. Its massif separates the valleys of Maderanertal (Uri) and Val Russein (Graubünden). The summit (3256 metres) is also named Gross Düssi to distinguish it from a lower summit (3127 metres) named Chli Düssi.The Düssi is surrounded by glaciers the largest being the Hüfifirn on its northern side.
 Queen to Play (original title Joueuse literally the feminine form of “player”) is a 2009 French-German film directed by Caroline Bottaro. The film is distributed in the U.S. by Zeitgeist Films.
 The Liberty Hall Museum in Union Union County New Jersey United States is an American historic site. Built in 1772 as a fourteen-room Georgian-style house Liberty Hall stands today a fifty-room Victorian Italianate mansion.
 The Turkish Journal of Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of biology. It was established in 1977 as Doğa: Turkish Journal of Biology before obtaining its current name in 1994. Since 2001 the journal is published in English earlier it also contained articles in Turkish. It is published by Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey and the editor-in-chief is Ekrem Gürel (Abant Izzet Baysal University).
 The Hechal Yehuda Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת היכל יהודה‎ Beit haKnesset Hechal Yehuda) also commonly known as the Recanati synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת רקנטי‎ Beit haKnesset Recanati) is one of approximately 500 synagogues in the second largest city of Israel Tel Aviv.
 Mount Stevens is a mountain located in Matanuska-Susitna Borough Alaska. Mount Stevens is flanked to the northwest by Mount Hunter and is about 10 miles (16 km) south of Mount McKinley (Denali). The mountain was named in 2010 after Ted Stevens (1923–2010) who had represented Alaska in the U.S. Senate from 1968 to 2009.
 Chiaksan is a mountain in the province of Gangwon-do South Korea. Its area extends across the city of Wonju and the county of Hoengseong. Chiaksan has an elevation of 1288 m (4226 ft).
 Twixt is a 2011 horror thriller film written directed and produced by Francis Ford Coppola starring Val Kilmer and Elle Fanning The film premiered on September 4 2011 at the Toronto International Film Festival and was screened at various film festivals in North America receiving a limited theatrical release in a handful of International markets.
 St Bartholomew's Church Burnley is the Anglican Parish Church of the small suburb of Burnley historically considered part of Richmond in inner-suburban Melbourne Victoria Australia. Known colloquially as St Bart's the parish is in the Anglican Diocese of Melbourne and is well known as belonging to the Anglo-Catholic or High Church tradition.
 Blessed Trinity Roman Catholic Church Buildings is a historic Romanesque revival Roman Catholic church complex located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. The complex consists of the church church-school building (constructed 1906-07) and parish house (constructed 1914). The church was constructed 1923-28 and is considered the purest replication of 12th century Lombard-Romanesque architecture in the United States.
 Dr. János Kerényi (born December 9 1945) is a Hungarian jurist and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz Bács-Kiskun County Regional List since 1998.He is a member of the Constitutional Judicial and Standing Orders Committee since 2011. Therefore he participated in the drawing up of the new constitution in 2011.
 Uccidete il vitello grasso e arrostitelo (internationally released as Kill the Fatted Calf and Roast It) is a 1970 Italian giallo film directed by Salvatore Samperi.
 Leather Jackets is a 1992 film directed and written by Lee Drysdale. The movie was shot on Highland Park Los Angeles California in 1990. Filming took place in 1990. However it was not released until 1992.
 The Sea (Polish: Morze) is a 1933 Polish short documentary film directed by Wanda Jakubowska. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1933 for Best Short Subject (Novelty).
 Optima Lake is a reservoir in Texas County Oklahoma. The lake is located near the towns of Hardesty and Guymon in the Oklahoma Panhandle. The earthen Optima Lake Dam (National ID # OK20510) was constructed in 1978 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers with a height of 120 feet and a length at its crest of 16875 feet. Although designed to contain a maximum of 618500 acre-feet the lake has never reached more than 5 percent of its design capacity and now is effectively empty.
 Chełmsko Śląskie [ˈxɛu̯mskɔ ˈɕlɔ̃skʲɛ] (German: Schömberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawka within Kamienna Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic.
 La Presse founded in 1884 is a French-language daily newspaper published Mondays through Saturdays in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is owned today by Groupe Gesca a subsidiary of Power Corporation of Canada. A Sunday edition was discontinued in 2009.
 The Forbidden City is the second book in the World of Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever and written by Ian Page. It is one of four books in the mini-series and features Grey Star for whom the first book is named a young Wizard trained by the enigmatic Shianti to stop the Wytch-King and his Shadakine Empire. All four of the Grey Star books were released by Project Aon along with many of the other installments of the Lone Wolf series.
 Colby Hall is an historic building on the campus of Andover Newton Theological School at 141 Herrick Road in the village of Newton Centre in Newton Massachusetts. It was built in 1866 in a mixture of Second Empire and Romanesque styles. It was named for Gardner Colby (1810–79) who was treasurer of the school and also was the benefactor of Waterville College in Maine which changed its name to Colby College in his honor. On January 30 1978.
 Zbyłowice [zbɨwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ręczno within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Ręczno 30 km (19 mi) south-east of Piotrków Trybunalski and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
 The Cottonwood Mountains are a mountain range in eastern Lassen County California near Nevada.
 Bolingbroke Castle is a ruined castle in Bolingbroke (or Old Bolingbroke) Lincolnshire England.
 Ashkharatsuyts (Աշխարհացոյց (traditional); Աշխարհացույց (reformed)) often translated as Geography in English sources is an early Medieval Armenian illustrated book by Anania Shirakatsi. It is about the geography of Armenia Georgia Caucasian Albania Iran Mesopotamia etc. Ashkharatsuyts is the oldest book in Matenadaran on geography.
 Dancing Times is a dancing magazine based in the UK. The magazine helped found the Royal Academy of Dance the Camargo Society and the British Dance Council. Dance Today a ballroom magazine is a spin-off of Dancing Times.
 Peter Milton (22 September 1928 – 8 August 2009) was an Australian politician. Born in London England he was educated at the University of Melbourne and served in the military 1946-49. On his return he was assistant registrar at the University of Melbourne. In 1980 he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for La Trobe. He held the seat until his defeat in 1990. He died on 8 August 2009.
 Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation is a 1962 American comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring James Stewart and Maureen O'Hara. The film is based on a novel by Edward Streeter and features a popular singer of the time Fabian.
 Filthy Empire is the debut studio album by British hard rock band Heaven's Basement. The album which was released on 4 February 2013 after initially being scheduled for a January release was produced by the American musician and producer John Feldmann. Filthy Empire was released on record label Red Bull Records with whom the band signed in late 2011.
 Wing Commander (retired) Abdullahi Ibrahim was the first Military Administrator of Nasarawa State Nigeria between August 1996 and August 1998 after the state was created from part of Plateau State during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.He established the state's executive council and built the Government House and the state secretariat.In August 1997 he announced that the federal government was going to review decisions of local government election appeal tribunals throughout the country since there was evidence of corrupt malpractices in these tribunals.
 Zardeh Kamar (Persian: زرده كمر‎; also known as Sard Qamar Zard-ī-Qamar and Zard Kamar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bijar County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 219 in 52 families.
 The Methodist Church Weaverham is an active Methodist church located in Forest Street Weaverham Cheshire England. It is in the Northwich and Winsford Circuit of the Chester and Stoke District. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Nate Steel is a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives representing the 19th district. Steel is running for Attorney General of Arkansas.
 The Rotten Agenda is the third and final studio album by the American hardcore punk band Aus-Rotten released in 2001 on Rotten Propaganda Records. The record label bears the name of lead vocalist/lyricist Dave Trenga's anarchist DIY newspaper Rotten Propaganda.
 Haematopota is a genus of fly in the horse-fly family Tabanidae. Among the horse-flies they are most commonly known as clegs.
 Richard Edmund Neal (born February 14 1949) is an American politician and the U.S. Representative for Massachusetts's 1st congressional district. He is a member of the Democratic Party and a former city councilor and mayor of Springfield Massachusetts. A Springfield native Neal graduated from American International College and received a master's degree from the University of Hartford. After graduating he became involved in politics working as an assistant to the mayor of Springfield.
 The Black Leather Jacket is a book written by English journalist and author Mick Farren published in 1985.
 Commandant-General Stephanus Schoeman (14 March 1810 Oudtshoorn - 1890) was State President of the South African Republic (ZAR - Transvaal) from 6 December 1860 until 17 April 1862. His red hair fiery temperament and vehement disputes with other Boer leaders earned him the moniker Stormvogel den Noorden Storm bird of the North.
 Jonathan S. Kreiss-Tomkins (born February 7 1989) is a member of the Alaska House of Representatives. A Democrat he represents the state's thirty-fourth district which encompasses many Southeast island communities including Hoonah Sitka Haines Kake Klawock Craig and Metlakatla.
 J. Eshelman and Company Store also known as The Square Deal Store is a historic general store located at Clarence Center in Erie County New York. It is a three story brick and cast iron commercial building constructed in the Italianate style in 1872. It exemplifies the type of brick and cast iron commercial building common to the region from the 1850s to the 1880s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Room is Harold Pinter's first play written and first produced in 1957.
 The Owl River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Census division 23 in Northern Manitoba Canada. It flows from Fly Lake to Hudson Bay.The river is crossed at the community of Herchmer the location of Herchmer railway station by the Hudson Bay Railway. Herchmer railway station is served by the Via Rail Winnipeg – Churchill train.A large portion of the river from its mouth upstream is part of Wapusk National Park.
 Autochloris is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Piece by Piece is an autobiographical book by singer/songwriter Tori Amos and co-authored by rock music journalist Ann Powers. It was published in the U.S. in February 2005 and in the U.K. in June 2005.
 The Church of Our Lady of Remedy (Serbian Cyrillic: Црква Госпе од здравља or Црква Марије Колеђате) is an Roman Catholic church located in Kotor Montenegro. The church is perched on the slope of the St. John Mountain. The Church of Our Lady of Remedy dates from 1518. The church can only be reached on foot: the rocks and the stairs that lead to the structures on the slope make this church a difficult and time-consuming place to reach.
 The Register-Guard is a daily newspaper published in Eugene Oregon United States. It was formed in a 1930 merger of two Eugene papers the Eugene Daily Guard and the Morning Register. The paper serves the Eugene-Springfield area as well as the Oregon Coast Umpqua River Valley and surrounding areas. As of 2013 it has a circulation of around 52000 Monday through Friday around 59000 on Saturday and a little under 60000 on Sunday.
 Port Phillip Prison is a maximum security prison located at Truganina Victoria Australia. It is Victoria's largest prison able to accommodate up to 824 prisoners. The prison is privately operated on behalf of the Government of Victoria by G4S Australia Pty Ltd.
 The National Gallery of Art and its Sculpture Garden are a national art museum in Washington D.C. located on the National Mall between 3rd and 9th Streets at Constitution Avenue NW. Open to the public and free of charge the museum was privately established in 1937 for the people of the United States of America by a joint resolution of the United States Congress. Andrew W. Mellon donated a substantial art collection and funds for construction.
 Lone Fir Cemetery in the southeast section of Portland Oregon United States is a cemetery owned and maintained by Metro a regional government entity. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places the first burial was in 1846 with the cemetery established in 1855. Lone Fir has over 25000 burials spread over more than 30 acres (120000 m2).
 Achghunk (Persian: اچغونك‎ also Romanized as Āchghūnḵ) is a village in Shusef Rural District Shusef District Nehbandan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 88 in 17 families.
 Let Me Stand Alone is a book containing collected writings including diaries and letters of Rachel Corrie published by W. W. Norton & Company in 2008. Corrie was killed in 2003 by an Israel Defense Forces armored bulldozer while protesting the destruction of a Gaza house which allegedly contained tunnels for smuggling weapons from Egypt. Her death was ruled accidental.According to W. W.
 As Serious As A Heart-Attack is an album by Melvin Van Peebles. The album's cover can be briefly glimpsed on the bathroom door in the 1973 film version of Van Peebles' musical Don't Play Us Cheap.
 Yaddi Bolagh (Persian: يدي بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Yaddī Bolāgh Yeddī Bolāgh and Yadī Bolāgh; also known as Yadibulak and Yadibulāq) is a village in Golabar Rural District in the Central District of Ijrud County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 79 in 23 families.
 Sabigahtawng is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 Gabriel Loubier (born September 27 1932) was a politician in Quebec Canada. He served as leader of the Union Nationale party from 1971 to 1974 and as Leader of the Opposition in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1971 to 1973.Born in Black Lake Quebec Loubier was first elected in Bellechasse in 1962 and became UN leader in July 1971 replacing former Premier Jean-Jacques Bertrand as party leader and leader of the Opposition.
 Live in Gdańsk is a live album by David Gilmour. It is a part of his On an Island project which includes an album tour DVD and live album. It was released on 22 September 2008. A David Gilmour Signature Series Fender Stratocaster was released at the same time.
 Le Monde (French pronunciation: ​[lə mɔ̃d]; English: The World) is a French daily evening newspaper founded by Hubert Beuve-Méry and continuously published in Paris since its first edition on 19 December 1944. It is one of two French newspapers of record along with Le Figaro and the main publication of La Vie-Le Monde Group. It reports an average circulation of 323039 copies per issue in 2009 about 40000 of which are sold abroad.
 Starting Over is a 1979 American comedy film starring Burt Reynolds Candice Bergen and Jill Clayburgh which tells the story of a recently divorced man who is torn between his new girlfriend and his ex-wife. It co-stars Charles Durning Frances Sternhagen Austin Pendleton and Mary Kay Place.The movie was adapted by James L. Brooks from a novel by Dan Wakefield. It was directed by Alan J.
 American Imago is an academic journal established in 1939 by Sigmund Freud and Hanns Sachs. It seeks to explore the role of psychoanalysis in contemporary cultural literary and social theory while also considering issues related to anthropology philosophy politics cultural studies history art history musicology education and gender studies. The current editor-in-chief of the journal is Louis Rose. Past editors include Sachs Harry Slochower and George B. Wilbur.
 The Common Sandman or Diomus Grizzled Skipper (Spialia diomus) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in tropical Africa and south-western Arabia.The wingspan is 27–31 mm for males and 29–33 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round in warmer areas. In South Africa it is more common in warmer months.
 Tonight's the Night is a 1934 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Leslie Fuller Amy Veness and Charles Farrell. A man wrongly imprisoned for theft escapes from jail and tracks down the real culprit. It is also known by the alternative title Tonight's the Night: Pass It On.
 Sędzinko [sɛnˈd͡ʑinkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Admiral Sir David Murray Anderson KCB KCMG MVO (11 April 1874 – 30 October 1936) was a naval officer and governor. Anderson served in the Royal Navy from the age of 13 and served in many Colonial wars and was given various Empire postings rising to the rank of Admiral in 1931. He retired a year later and took up the posting as Governor of Newfoundland where he also took up the role of Chairman of the Government following the suspension of self-government in the Dominion of Newfoundland.
 Unexpected Uncle is a 1941 film.
 DJ Drama Presents: The Preview is a mixtape by Ludacris and DJ Drama as promotion for Ludacris' album Theater of the Mind and his film releases in the fall of 2008. Ludacris wanted to create a mixtape that captured his image as a southern rapper and movie actor. The mixtape was released on July 28 2008 at WeMix.com.
 The Frogmore Plantation Complex located on Saint Helena Island in Beaufort County South Carolina is significant for several reasons. First the plantation home along with its contributing properties (i.e. pump house barn windmill/water tower) offers an excellent example of the area’s architectural development from 1790-1920. Second the plantation’s long association with prominent families also contributes to its significance.
 Manoba albina is a moth in the Nolidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in New Guinea.
 Supplanaxis nucleus is a species of small sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Planaxidae.
 Mugguru Monagallu (Telugu: ముగ్గురు మొనగాళ్ళు) is a Tollywood film which released on January 7 1994 and was produced by Chiranjeevi's brother Nagendra Babu. This film stars Chiranjeevi in a triple role Nagma Roja and Ramya Krishna. K. Raghavendra Rao directed this action flick. The film was dubbed in Tamil as Alex Pandiyan.
 The Șterpoaia River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Lingula is a genus of brachiopods within the class Lingulata. Lingula is known as moule-à-queue (tailed mussel) in New Caledonia bec de cane (duck bill) along some coasts in the Indian Ocean and shamisen-gai in Japan (for its likeness to the shamisen a Japanese lute). Lingula is known to have existed possibly since the Cretaceous or at least the Tertiary. Like its relatives it has two unadorned phosphatic valves and a long fleshy stalk.
 The Portland Mills Covered Bridge is the oldest covered bridge in Parke County Indiana and is a single span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Henry Wolf in 1856. The bridge is 146 feet (45 m) long 16 feet (4.9 m) wide and 13 feet (4.0 m) high. By the 1990s the bridge had fallen into severe neglect but was extensively renovated in 1996.
 The New Cool: A Visionary Teacher His FIRST Robotics Team and the Ultimate Battle of Smarts is a 2011 non-fiction narrative book by American writer Neal Bascomb. It follows four FIRST Robotics Competition (FRC) teams through the course of the 2009 season.
 Anisotenes pyrra is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Souvenir from Japan is a compilation album by the British band Japan released in 1989 by Sony BMG. It includes most of the tracks that were on Assemblage. Oddly the live version of Deviation is included (from the Live In Japan EP) and also a unique remix of Life In Tokyo.
 All Gas. No Brake. is the debut release of the Christian pop punk band Stellar Kart. The album was officially released February 15 2005 under Word Entertainment records.
 Mis hijos (My Children) is a 1944 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Rosbercon (Irish: Ros Bearrcon) is a village in Ireland on the opposite side of the River Barrow from New Ross County Wexford. Although the village was originally in County Kilkenny much of it is now in Wexford for administrative purposes. It had a population of 628 as of the 2006 census.It has a large Roman Catholic church two schools and restaurants Thai and Chinese as well as a pub The Parish Pump. The village shop closed in the summer of 2008.
 Smoluchowski is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies in the part of the lunar surface that is sometimes brought into view of the Earth during periods of favorable libration and illumination from sunlight but at such times little detail can be seen as the crater is observed from the edge. Smoluchowski lies across the northern rim of the larger walled plain Poczobutt.
 Rhamphochromis is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi in East Africa.
 Satisfied is an album by American musicians David Grisman and John Sebastian released in 2007. The two met 41 years before this recording and were part of the band The Even Dozen Jug Band in 1964. After that both of them became legends in their genres. The album offers a collection of traditional folk songs mixed with originals by both Sebastian and Grisman.
 Santos Place is a 6 Star Green Star office building in Brisbane Queensland Australia. Construction began in 2007 and was completed in 2009. It was formerly known as Northbridge before major Australian oil and gas exploration production company Santos bought naming rights for the building in January 2009. Santos occupies eight levels.
 Zuzowy [zuˈzɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz within Radomsko County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Przedbórz 37 km (23 mi) east of Radomsko and 81 km (50 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 180.
 San Pedro (Misiones) is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in northeastern Argentina.
 William Miller Chapel and Ascension Rock is a historic district in New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The historic district's boundaries were increased in 1994 with the increase named William Miller Farm Historic District or alternatively as William Miller Chapel Boundary Increase.
 Ena Lake is a lake in Saskatchewan Canada located near the boundary with the Northwest Territories. The lake hosts several island include Gillis Island. The Ena Lake Lodge is accessible by float plane and located on the lake.
 A Fish out of Water is a 1961 American children's book written by Helen Palmer Geisel (credited as Helen Palmer) and illustrated by P. D. Eastman. The book is based on a short story by Palmer's husband Theodor Geisel (Dr. Seuss) Gustav the Goldfish which was published with his own illustrations in Redbook magazine in June 1950.
 Homage to Chagall: The Colours of Love is a 1977 Canadian documentary film directed by Harry Rasky. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Atlanta from the Ashes more commonly known as The Phoenix is a bronze monument located in Atlanta Georgia United States symbolizing Atlanta's rise from the ashes of the Civil War to become one of the most important cities in the world.
 The Clouded Brindle (Apamea epomidion) is a moth of the family Noctuidae sub-family Hadeninae.It is found throughout continental Europe the British Isles Sweden and Central Asia.The wingspan is 40–46 mm.The moth flies in June and July.The larvae feed on grasses and other low plants.
 The Boroș River (Hungarian: Boros-pataka meaning Winy Creek) is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Candy Raveparty is a series of compilation albums released by LPU Records (Volumes 1 2 and 3) and Rush Hour 2 Label (Volume 4). They are all live recorded at various clubs in Osaka Japan.
 Chapter II is the third studio album by British record producer Benga. The album was released on 6 May 2013 through Sony Music. It entered the UK Albums Chart at number 93.
 The Orfordville Depot is located in Orfordville Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Arsen Borysovych Avakov (Ukrainian: Арсен Борисович Аваков; born January 2 1964) is a Ukrainian politician member of the Ukrainian parliament since 2012 (the seventh convocation) and Minister of Internal Affairs.He is now the President of “Renaissance” Charity Foundation” Kharkiv Regional Charitable Organization Chairman of Kharkiv Regional Organization of “All-Ukrainian Union “Batkivshchyna” (“The Fatherland”) Member of Kharkiv Regional Council of the 6th convocation from Bloc Yulia Tymoshenko fraction Head of Supervisory Board of “Investor” JSC.
 The Paradise Range is a mountain range in San Bernardino County California.
 José Ángel Gurría Treviño (born 8 May 1950) also known as Ángel Gurría is a Mexican economist and diplomat. He is the current secretary general of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) since June 1 2006.Gurría graduated with a bachelor's degree in Economics from the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) and undertook postgraduate studies at the University of Leeds in the United Kingdom and at Harvard University in the United States.
 Edwin Porch Morrow (November 28 1877 – June 15 1935) was an American politician who served as the 40th Governor of Kentucky from 1919 to 1923. He was the only Republican elected to this office between 1907 and 1927. He championed the typical Republican causes of his day namely equal rights for African-Americans and the use of force to quell violence. Morrow had been schooled in his party's principles by his father Thomas Z.
 Nightmare Inspector: Yumekui Kenbun (夢喰見聞) is a Japanese shōnen manga series created by Shin Mashiba. It first premiered in Monthly Stencile a shōjo magazine in December 2001 and was then serialized in Monthly GFantasy from 2003 to 2007. Nine volumes have been released in Japan by Square-Enix since 2007 ending the series. The manga has been licensed in North America by Viz Media with all nine volumes released; the first being released on April 8 2008.
 Daniel Koat Mathews (born 1937) is a Sudanese politician and Nuer leader who has been effectively involved in the national politics for many years. He is now a Major General in the Sudan People's Liberation Army.
 All Day DeShay: AM is the first EP by rapper brandUn DeShay. The album is almost entirely produced by DeShay himself.
 Tazehabad (Persian: تازه اباد‎ also Romanized as Tāzehābād; also known as Tazekhabad) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District in the Central District of Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1002 in 224 families.
 Janet Gray Hayes (July 12 1926 – April 21 2014) was the 60th mayor of San Jose California elected to two four-year terms from 1975 to 1983. She was both the first woman to be elected mayor San Jose and the first woman elected mayor of any major city in the United States.Born in Rushville Indiana Hayes went to University of Chicago and then received her bachelor's degree from Indiana University.
 The Walter P. Chrysler Museum which opened in October 1999 is located in Auburn Hills Michigan. It features many historically significant Chrysler Dodge Plymouth Jeep AMC Nash Hudson and Rambler vehicles from various eras.The museum interior is decorated by original art in the form of murals and dioramas by A. Shapiro.The museum closed to the public due to low attendance on December 31 2012. Its assets were sold to the Chrysler Foundation a charitable arm of Chrysler Group LLC.
 Bogusław Zbigniew Ziętek (born October 9 1964 in Zawiercie) - Polish trade union activist. Co-founder and leader of Free Trade Union August 80 (Wolny Związek Zawodowy Sierpień 80). From October 30 2005 to May 1 2013 he was leader of Polish Labour Party. From May 1 2013 he is acting leader of Polish Labour Party. He is also candidate of this party in the 2010 Polish presidential election. He has a medium technical education.
 Caddy Lake is a lake in Manitoba Canada. It is near the eastern border of Manitoba (the Manitoba–Ontario border). It is in the Whiteshell Provincial Park. The lake has two islands and two campgrounds. The campgrounds are called Caddy Lake Campground and Green Bay Resort and Campground[1]. It is not a very large lake but is connected to South Cross Lake then North Cross Lake and then Sailing Lake by a series of rock tunnels. Caddy Lake Girl Guide Camp is also located on the lake.
 Frege: Philosophy of Mathematics is a 1991 book about Gottlob Frege by the British philosopher Michael Dummett.
 Slackistan is an independent film directed by London-based filmmaker Hammad Khan. The film stars Shahbaz Hamid Shigri Aisha Linnea Akhtar Ali Rehman Khan Shahana Khan Khalil Osman Khalid Butt Khalid Saeed and Rafey Alam. The film is distributed by Big Upstairs Films. Slackistan was released in the UK in 2010 and has also played at a number of festivals in such locations as London Abu Dhabi New York San Francisco and Goa. It has been banned in Pakistan.
 Ribnica (Cyrillic: Рибница) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Anacostia Community Museum (known colloquially as the ACM) is a community museum in the Anacostia neighborhood of Washington D.C. in the United States. It is one of nineteen museums under the umbrella of the Smithsonian Institution and was the first federally funded community museum in the United States.
 Life Is a Grave & I Dig It! is the seventh studio album by the psychobilly band the Nekromantix released in 2007 by Hellcat Records. It is the group's only album to include guitarist Tröy Deströy and drummer Andy DeMize replacing brothers Peter and Kristian Sandorff who had left the band in 2005 after frontman Kim Nekroman's relocation to Los Angeles California from the band's home country of Denmark.
 The Thom Bell Sessions is an EP recorded by Elton John in the second half of 1977 but was not released by MCA Records until June 1979. The project was a departure for John at the time. Up until that time he had worked almost exclusively with lyricist Bernie Taupin and record producer Gus Dudgeon. Also John's band was not used at these sessions.
 Lackawanna County Courthouse and John Mitchell Monument is a historic courthouse building located at Scranton Lackawanna County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The courthouse was built in 1884 and is a 3 1/2-story rectangular masonry building with a raised basement in the Romanesque Revival-style. It was enlarged in 1896 with the addition of a third story and reconstruction of the roof to add a number of eclectic design elements.
 Jonah33 is the first album by Jonah33. It was released on June 24 2003 through Ardent Records.
 Sunnyside Gardens is a community within Sunnyside a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Queens. The area was first development in the United States patterned after the ideas of the garden city movement initiated in England in the first decades of the twentieth century by Ebenezer Howard and Raymond Unwin specifically Hampstead Garden Suburb and Letchworth Garden City.
 The Thomas Kirby House in Kendrick Idaho was built in 1889. It was built by Thomas Kirby a man highly responsible for the railroads that started in Kendrick and went to Troy Idaho.The house is Queen Anne in style and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Krishnaveni Panjaalai is an Indian Tamil Romance film written and directed by debutant Dhanapal Padmanabhan the film has Hemachandran Nandana M. S. Bhaskar Rajiv Krishna and Bala Singh among others in lead roles. The film is set in the backdrop of the 1980s and is about the lives of workers in a cotton mill. Music is by N. R. Raghunanthan of Thenmerku Paruvakaatru fame. The movie is released on 8 June 2012.
 Time for Elizabeth is a play written by Norman Krasna and Groucho Marx.Krasna and Marx were good friends and Krasna says writing it took 10-15 years.The original Broadway production was directed by Krasna starred Otto Kruger and only ran for 8 performances. However film rights were sold to Warner Bros for $500000.It was adapted for TV in 1964.
 Arany-Album is the sixth studio album of the Hungarian folk metal band Dalriada. The tracks are musicalized versions of popular works by János Arany. It won the 2009 HangSúly Hungarian Metal Awards out of 70 contestants and peaked at position 4 in the Hungarian Mahasz official charts.
 Clypeomorus brevis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Jussara is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 Randolph Bracy (born April 23 1977) is a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 45th District which includes northern Orange County since 2012.
 Mitsudomoe (みつどもえ lit. Three Way Struggle) is a gag manga series by manga creator Norio Sakurai about the adventures of the Marui triplets in sixth grade and their newly hired teacher Satoshi Yabe as he falls in love with the school nurse. It was serialized in Akita Shoten Shōnen magazine Weekly Shōnen Champion since 2006 before moving to Bessatsu Shōnen Champion in 2012. The serial chapters collected into twelve tankōbon.
 Thiruttu Payale (Tamil: திருட்டு பயலே; English: Yo the Thief) is a (2006) Tamil romantic thriller directed by Susi Ganesan. As like other Susi Ganesan films it is a real life experience based entertainer/thriller. The movie stars Kaakha Kaakha fame Jeevan Sonia Agarwal Abbas Malavika Vivek Manoj K Jayan and Charlie. The film's music is composed by music director Bharadwaj. The film is being remade in Hindi as Shortcut Romeo.
 Just Gettin' It On is the rerelease of Playa Fly's 1995 independent album Triple Bitch Mafia which was an entire diss album to his former group Three 6 Mafia. Fly goes under the name Lil' Fly on most of the album being that was his title during that year. Just Gettin' It On was released in 1999 on Diamond Records with a bonus track Fuck A Wanna Be.
 Transistor Revolt is the eponymous self-released demo EP by the punk rock band Transistor Revolt before changing their name to Rise Against in 2000. It was released on CD format and is no longer in print as all tracks have been re-recorded for Rise Against's debut album The Unraveling and its 2005 Reissue. The EP is the only release which featured original drummer Toni Tintari who left the band in the fall of 2000 before recording for The Unraveling began.
 VeckoRevyn (English: Weekly Review) a Swedish weekly tabloid newspaper for women edited by Ebba von Sydow alongside Louise Bratt.The magazine was created in 1935 by Albert Bonnier released by Bonnier Media Group nowadays operating in 21 countries worldwide.
 Sins of the Father is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. It's tagline was The past revisits both the slayer and the watcher.
 Lake Thunderbird is a reservoir located in Norman Oklahoma. The lake was constructed between 1962 and 1965 for the purpose of providing municipal water to the nearby communities of Del City Midwest City and Norman. It is formed by an earthfill embankment (dam) 7300 feet (2200 m) long and up to 144 feet (44 m) high on the Little River.
 Dr. Magued Osman (Arabic: ماجد عثمان‎) is the CEO and Director of the Egyptian Center for Public Opinion Research Baseera which ran the only transparent public opinion surveys by phone for the first Egyptian Presidential elections in 2012.He is the former Minister of Communications and Information Technology in Egypt from February to July 2011 in the caretaker government. Before being appointed as a minister Dr.
 Brekken Church (Norwegian: Brekken kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Brekken. The church was built in 1878 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan and it was consecrated on 17 July 1878 by the Bishop Andreas Grimelund. The building can hold about 200 people.The church is part of the Brekken parish in Røros which is part of the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 George Leonard Berry (September 12 1882 – December 4 1948) was president of the International Pressmen and Assistants' Union of North America from 1907 to 1948 and a Democratic United States Senator from Tennessee from 1937 to 1938.
 Snowy Mountain is a stratovolcano on the Alaska Peninsula of Alaska United States.
 Neomyoleja is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae. It is considered a synonym of Aischrocrania.
 Crime Slunk Scene is the eighteenth studio album by Buckethead and the fourth tour-only album. It was originally only sold on his 2006 tour but was later made available on Travis Dickerson's record label TDRS music until it eventually went out of print. The track Soothsayer has become one of Buckethead's more popular songs and is very frequently played live.The demand for the album was still very high and eventually Travis Dickerson decided to attempt a re-pressing of the disc.
 Upara (a Marathi language word meaning outsider) is an autobiography written by Laxman Mane a writer who lives in the state of Maharashtra India. It is written in the Marathi language. It was first published in 1980. It has been translated into English by A. K. Kamat and titled Upara - An Outsider. Arjuna Dangale sees it as a remarkable example of a Dalit autobiography. It finds mention in Encyclopaedia of Indian Literature under the genre Autobiography (Marathi).
 The Dotted garden eel (Gorgasia punctata also known as the Peppered garden eel) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Seth Eugene Meek and Samuel Frederick Hildebrand in 1923. It is a non-migratory tropical marine eel which is known from the eastern central Pacific Ocean including Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua and Panama.
 Meet Miss Young and Her All Boy Band is Kristeen Young's debut album.
 First Kaleidscope [sic]: Kimi no Uchi ni Tsuku made Zutto Hashitte Yuku is the first extended play by Japanese group Garnet Crow. The extended play was released on December 4 1999 by Tent House.
 Malashree Mamashree (Kannada: ಮಾಲಾಶ್ರೀ ಮಾಮಾಶ್ರೀ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada comedy-drama film directed by Om Sai Prakash and written by Ramanath starring Sunil Malashri Tara Mukhyamantri Chandru and Balaraj in the lead roles. The film was produced by Dynamic film makers.
 Rogajny [rɔˈɡai̯nɨ] (German: Rogonnen Lithuanian: Ragainiai) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
 The National Border Patrol Museum is located at 4315 Woodrow Bean Transmountain Drive in the county of El Paso in the U.S. state of Texas.
 Atlanta turriculata is a species of sea snail a holoplanktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Atlantidae.
 Burnsville Bridge is a historic Pratt-Through Truss bridge located at Burnsville Braxton County West Virginia. It was built in 1893 by the Variety Iron Works Company or Cleveland Ohio and crosses the Little Kanawha River. It consists of two Truss spans and one girder span. The three spans are 44 feet 138 feet 3 inches and 23 feet 9 inches. The structure is supported on two stone piers and a stone abutment.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Le Grammont is a mountain in the Chablais Alps near Le Bouveret in Valais. At 2172 metres above sea level it is one of the highest peaks overlooking Lake Geneva. Various trails lead to the summit mostly from the southern side. During the second World War there is a recorded incident of an RAF Lancaster getting shot down by the Swiss anti aircraft gunners and crashing into the mountain the pilot of the aircraft was Horace Badge and all of the crew were lost.
 Dachstein redirects here. For the French commune see Dachstein Bas-Rhin.Hoher Dachstein is a strongly karstic Austrian mountain and the second highest mountain in the Northern Limestone Alps. It is situated at the border of Upper Austria and Styria in central Austria and is the highest point in each of those states. Parts of the massif also lie in the state of Salzburg leading to the mountain being referred to as the Drei-Länder-Berg (three-state mountain).
 Campaea is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mordellistena mertoni is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae which is in the Mordellistena genus. It was discovered in 1911.
 Chrysocentris costella is a moth in the Glyphipterigidae family. It is known from La Réunion.
 Sharon Raye Brown is an American politician of the Republican Party. She is a member of the Washington State Senate from the Washington's 8th Legislative District. Brown was appointed to fill the Senate seat on February 4 2013 following Senator Jerome Delvin's leaving to become Benton County Commissioner in January 2013.On April 25 2013 Sen.
 Yesshows is the second live album by British progressive rock group Yes. Released shortly after the appearance of Drama Yesshows comprises live performances ranging from the summer of 1976 to the supporting tour for Tormato in 1978. The album's release was supervised by bassist Chris Squire.Yesshows was remastered and expanded in 2009 by Isao Kikuchi and published by Warner Music Japan as part of their Yes SHM-CD Papersleeve series.
 The Second Waterhouse House is an historic house at 9 Follen Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built on 1844 and is the most quintessentially Greek Revival house in the Follen Street Historic District. It was built by Benjamin Waterhouse and is one of the earliest houses built on the street.
 Baekbyeongsan is a mountain in the city of Taebaek Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1259.3 m (4132 ft).
 Hiatari Ryōkō! (陽あたり良好!) is a high-school romance manga by Mitsuru Adachi. It was published by Shogakukan in 1980–1981 in the magazine Shōjo Comic and collected in five tankōbon volumes. It was later adapted into a live-action television drama series an anime television series and an anime film sequel to the television series. The title translates roughly as Sunlight All Around!
 Moby Dick—Rehearsed is a two-act drama by Orson Welles. The play was staged June 16–July 9 1955 at the Duke of York's Theatre in London in a production directed by Welles. The original cast included Welles Gordon Jackson Patrick McGoohan and Joan Plowright. The play was published by Samuel French in 1965.Welles used minimal stage design. The stage was bare the actors appeared in contemporary street clothes and the props were minimal.
 Marmion is a historic home located near Comorn King George County Virginia. The original section was built about 1670 by William Fitzhugh (1651-1701) progenitor of the Fitzhugh family in Virginia. It took its present form after 1790 or 1800. The house is a frame two-story house with a clipped gable roof and two interior end chimneys with exposed chimney shafts.
 Convicts 4 is a 1962 prison film drama starring Ben Gazzara and directed by Millard Kaufman. A true story it is based on the autobiography of John Resko Reprieve.
 Pam Faris is a Democratic member of the Michigan House of Representatives serving since 2013. Faris is a former employee with the Genessee Circuit Court system. She is the wife of former Lieutenant Governor John D. Cherry.
 Chiricahua Peak is the name of a 9763 feet (2976 m) peak located in the Chiricahua National Monument of southeastern Arizona located about 35 miles (56 km) north of the United States–Mexico border.
 Chrotochlora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Amirabad-e Sili Zardi (Persian: اميرابادسيلي زردي‎ also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Sīlī Zardī; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 135 in 25 families.
 The Best of Bob Dylan Vol. 2 is a compilation album released in the U.K. New Zealand Australia and Canada on November 28 2000. It is the sequel to The Best of Bob Dylan Vol. 1 released 3 years earlier in 1997. It was later released in Europe and Japan; although it has never been released in the United States.
 Lioptilodes parafuscicostatus is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes known from Ecuador and possibly Peru. Moths in this species have a wingspan of approximately 23.5 centimetres. The species closely resembles its sister taxon Lioptilodes fuscicostata.
 Wes Retherford is a member of the Ohio House of Representatives. He represents the 51st district which comprises Ross Township Hamilton and Fairfield all located in Butler County Ohio.
 Miyuki Hatoyama (鳩山 幸 Hatoyama Miyuki born June 28 1943 Shanghai China) is the wife of former Prime Minister of Japan Yukio Hatoyama. Hatoyama originally an actress by profession describes herself as constantly curious and a life composer who pursues a variety of interests including a stylist interior designer and cookbook author.In an interview then Prime Minister-designate Yukio Hatoyama credited Miyuki with his professional success and praised her enthusiasm.
 Hi Honey – I'm Dead is a 1991 Fox Network made-for-TV film starring Curtis Armstrong and Catherine Hicks.
 Ajax Life (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈaːjɑks /laɪf/]) is the largest Dutch fanzine/newspaper with a bi-weekly circulation of approximately 94000. Ajax Life is based in Amsterdam. Erol Erdogan is the editor-in-chief of the paper.Ajax Life is owned by the Supportersvereniging Ajax (SVA).
 Thakur Ram Lal (7 July 1929 - 6 July 2002 Shimla) was an Indian politician and a leader of the Indian National Congress in Himachal Pradesh. He was elected to the Himachal Pradesh Vidhan Sabha from Jubbal Kotkhai constituency in 1957. Later he was re-elected to the Himachal Pradesh Vidhan Sabha from the same constituency in 1962 1967 1977 1980 and 1982. He became the fourth Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh on 28 January 1977 and remained in office till 30 April 1977.
 Cekcyn [ˈt͡sɛkt͡sɨn] is a village in Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Cekcyn. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of Tuchola and 51 km (32 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 1710.Cekcyn is the picturesque village in the middle of 'Bory Tucholskie' Region. Around the buildings there are few lakes with the biggest one - Wielkie Jezioro Cekcyńskie.
 Youth in Revolt: The Journals of Nick Twisp is a 1993 epistolary novel by C. D. Payne. The story is told in a picaresque fashion and makes heavy use of black humor and camp. The book contains parts one through three of a six-part series (the three sequential parts were published as three separate books).
 Lieve Van Ermen (born 30 May 1948 in Borgerhout) is a Flemish politician and cardiologist. She was directly elected to the Belgian Senate by the Dutch electoral college for the Dedecker List (Dutch: Lijst Dedecker) with 25462 preferential votes in the 2007 federal election which took place on 10 June 2007. From 2000 to 2006 she was a municipal councillor in Kalmthout for the Flemish Liberals and Democrats.
 Salmaniyeh (Persian: سلمانيه‎ also Romanized as Salmānīyeh) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 648 in 139 families.
 Junix is a genus of dragonfly in family Protoneuridae. It contains the following species: Junix elumbis
 Tarō Kōno (河野 太郎 Kōno Tarō born January 10 1963) is a Japanese politician belonging the Liberal Democratic Party and a member of the House of Representatives. Born in Hiratsuka Odawara Kanagawa and a graduate of Keio University he was elected for the first time in 1996. In 2009 he campaigned to be made President of the LDP.[1] His father is Yōhei Kōno the only President of the Liberal Democratic Party who did not go on to become Prime Minister of Japan.
 Zlatoustovo is a village in the municipality of Madzharovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 St. Theresa Roman Catholic Church is a historic church in Rhodelia Kentucky.It was built in 1855 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 Abad-e Soleyman (Persian: ابادسليمان‎ also Romanized as Ābād-e Soleymān and Ābād Soleymān; also known as Ābād Dāmdārī-ye Takāpū and Soleymānābād) is a village in Baraan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 24 families.
 The Otemma Glacier (French: Glacier d'Otemma) is a 7.7 km (4.8 mi) long glacier (2005) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 17.5 km2 (6.8 sq mi).
 Bacheh Darreh (Persian: بچه دره‎; also known as Bacheh Darreh-ye Soflá Bāgh-e Darreh-ye Soflá Bāsh Darreh and Besh Darreh) is a village in Jargalan Rural District Raz and Jargalan District Bojnord County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1621 in 423 families.
 All the Little Lights is the fourth studio album by British singer-songwriter Passenger and was released by Black Crow Records on 24 February 2012. The album contains 12 tracks comprising 11 studio tracks recorded at Sydney's Linear Recording and one song recorded live at The Borderline in London. A limited edition features a second disc containing acoustic versions of eight songs from the album.
 Evans Lake is a small roughly triangular lake having a perimeter of about 1.3 kilometers on the rise between the Cheakamus and Squamish Rivers in British Columbia Canada. The 604-acre (2.44 km2) site has been home to youth camps since 1959. For decades Evans Lake was used primarily by the Junior Forest Wardens of BC. Later the BC Forestry Association ran summer camps for children.
 Saluk-e Sofla (Persian: سالوك سفلي‎ also Romanized as Sālūk-e Soflá; also known as Sālūg-e Pā’īn and Sālūk-e Pā’īn) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District Alut District Baneh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 39 in 7 families.
 Großer Plessower See is a German lake in the town of Werder in Brandenburg. At an elevation of 24 m its surface area is 3.22 km² its maximum length 511 km and at its widest is 1325 m.
 Oscar and the Lady in Pink (French: Oscar et la dame rose) is a novel of Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt the third chapter of the series « Cycle de l'invisible » published in 2002.
 Table Mountain is located near the northern end of the Great Western Divide a sub-range of the Sierra Nevada in California. The summit marks a point on the boundary between Sequoia and Kings Canyon national parks and is 0.6 miles (1 km) south of Thunder Mountain and 1.3 miles (2.1 km) northeast of Midway Mountain.Clarence King of the Whitney Survey mentioned in his notes that At one place the ridge [Great Western Divide] forms a level table. The name Table appeared on Charles F.
 María Corina Machado Parisca (born 7 October 1967) is a founder former vice president and former president of the Venezuelan volunteer civil organization Súmate along with Alejandro Plaz.Machado was charged (together with other Súmate representatives) with conspiracy for funds Súmate received from the National Endowment for Democracy (NED) triggering condemnation of the administration of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez from human rights groups.On February 2010 Machado resigned from Súmate and announced her candidacy for the September 2010 elections for the National Assembly of Venezuela; she was elected as the highest vote-getter in the national elections.
 Lehigh Valley Hospital based in Allentown Pennsylvania is the largest hospital in the Lehigh Valley and the flagship hospital of the Lehigh Valley Health Network (LVHN). LVHN includes two full-service hospitals in Allentown Pa. and Bethlehem Pa. plus Children’s Hospital at Lehigh Valley Hospital Community Health Centers primary care and specialty physicians pharmacy imaging home health hospice and laboratory services. The health network’s motto is A Passion for Better Medicine.
 Krobów [ˈkrɔbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Grójec and 42 km (26 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Space Camp is the debut album by Californian pop punk band Audio Karate. It was released in 2002 on Kung Fu Records.
 Mory [ˈmɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki within Warsaw West County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and 10 km (6 mi) west of Warsaw.
 Philadelphia Style delivers the latest dispatches from the worlds of fashion beauty travel philanthropy entertainment home décor architecture and real estate to discerning and sophisticated readers in the metropolitan Philadelphia region. It is a guide to the business people places and events that define the exceptional character of this historic and culturally rich city. Philadelphia Style is published by Niche Media.
 The Smurfs: The Legend of Smurfy Hollow is an American computer/traditionally animated short film based on The Smurfs comic book series created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo. The animated short was written by Todd Berger and directed by Stephan Franck and it stars the voices of Melissa Sturm Fred Armisen Anton Yelchin Alan Cumming and Hank Azaria. The film was produced by Sony Pictures Animation with the animation by Sony Pictures Imageworks and Duck Studios.
 Cancellaria patricia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 Bulimulus galapaganus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae. This species is endemic to Ecuador. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Smurfs: A Christmas Carol is an American computer/traditionally animated short film based on The Smurfs comic book series created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo. The animated short was written by Todd Berger and directed by Troy Quane and it stars the voices of George Lopez Jack Angel Melissa Sturm Fred Armisen Gary Basaraba Anton Yelchin and Hank Azaria. The film was produced by Sony Pictures Animation with the animation by Sony Pictures Imageworks and Duck Studios.
 Lower Mill is a historic grist mill located at Honeoye Falls in Monroe County New York. The 3- to 4 1⁄2-story stone structure was built about 1829. The mill operated into the 1930s and the structure was subsequently used by a creamery oil company and for community use. A restaurant and gallery now operates in the structure.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Gwangdeoksan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 699 metres.
 How to Fail: The Self-Hurt Guide is a satirical novel by Aaron Goldfarb published in 2010. It is billed as the world's first self-hurt guide the polar opposite of a self-help guide.The controversial author of Happy Hour is for Amateurs Philalawyer blurbed that How to Fail was Piss-yourself funny. Len Edgerly of The Kindle Chronicles podcast noted that How to Fail was reminiscent of a classic that raised eyebrows sixty years ago: J.D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye.
 Time for Tyner is the ninth album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner and his third released on the Blue Note label. It was recorded in May 1968 and features performances by Tyner with Bobby Hutcherson Herbie Lewis and Freddie Waits.
 Zatoichi's Flashing Sword (座頭市あばれ凧 Zatōichi abare tako) is a 1964 Japanese chambara film directed by Kazuo Ikehiro starring Shintaro Katsu as the blind masseur Zatoichi. It was originally released by the Daiei Motion Picture Company (later acquired by Kadokawa Pictures).Zatoichi's Flashing Sword is the seventh episode in the 26-part film series devoted to the character of Zatoichi.
 Enmyō-in (圓明院) is a Buddhist temple of the Shingon Chizan sect located in Kisarazu in Chiba Prefecture. Its go-honzon or primary object of veneration is a statute of Ācala known in Japanese as the Fudō Myōō or the Immovable Wisdom King. A well-known kaya or Japanese nutmeg-yew tree of almost 5.4 meters in circumference is located within the temple grounds. A small hall was built at Enmyō-in in 1989 dedicated to prayers for traffic safety.
 Sandra Buckler is a former director of communications for the Office of the Prime Minister of Canada. She was appointed in 2006 and resigned from her position on June 26 2008.According to a news story in 2006 while she was a spokesperson in Prime Minister Harper's Government Buckler pointed out that the Accountability Act would ensure ethical conduct between lobbyists and government.  ...
 Tower of London is a 1939 black-and-white historical film and quasi-horror film released by Universal Pictures and directed by Rowland V. Lee. It stars Basil Rathbone as the future Richard III of England and Boris Karloff as his fictitious club-footed executioner Mord. Vincent Price appears as George Duke of Clarence.
 Crash and Byrnes is a 2000 action film.Brian Trenchard-Smith is credited as creative consultant.
 Łęgi [ˈwɛnɡi] (formerly German Laack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra within Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland close to the German border. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Dobra 14 km (9 mi) west of Police and 19 km (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 Horkstow Camera was a monastic cell in Lincolnshire England dependent on Willoughton Preceptory a house of the Knights Templar. == Lincolnshire preceptories ==Until their disbandment in 1312 the Knights Templar were major landowners on the higher lands of Lincolnshire where they had a number of preceptories on property which provided income while Temple Bruer was an estate on the Lincoln Heath believed to have been used also for military training.
 Schizothorax elongatus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.
 The Dimco buildings are a historic structure in White City London just north of Shepherd's Bush. Originally built in 1898 they were constructed as a shed for the Central Line London Underground power station.Today the Dimco Buildings house a bus station located next to the Westfield London shopping centre one of the largest in Europe.
 Call Me is the sixth album by soul singer Al Green. It is widely regarded as Green's masterpiece and has been called one of the best soul albums ever made. In 2003 the TV network VH1 named it the 70th greatest album in any genre. Call Me was a Top 10 Billboard Pop Album and the third #1 Soul Album.In 2003 the album was ranked number 289 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
 Kolongastenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Talk to Your Daughter is a blues-rock album by Robben Ford released in 1988. The album's cover version of the Albert King classic Born Under a Bad Sign was used as a supporting soundtrack in the Clint Eastwood movie Pink Cadillac.
 $ is the second solo studio album by Canadian garage rock/doo-wop musician Mark Sultan. The album was recorded in 2009 and released on April 13 2010.
 Eight Ranger (エイトレンジャー Eito Renjā) is a 2012 Japanese film directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi starring the members of Japanese boy band Kanjani Eight.
 Sounds of the Season: The Julianne Hough Holiday Collection is a Christmas themed EP released by country music artist Julianne Hough. Released on October 12 2008 the EP is available for purchase only at the American discount department store chain Target. The album contains two original tracks Sounds of Christmas and Christmas Memories.In early 2009 the album peaked at #2 on the Hot Country Albums chart and has sold nearly 250000 copies since its release.
 The Zalău City Hall (Romanian: Primăria Zalău) is a building in Zalău which was built in 1889.
 Xerocrassa claudinae is a species of air-breathing land snail a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.
 The Rapoldi-Weiher lies in the park with the same name in the district Pradl in Innsbruck. It was erected as recreation area. With an area size of 1.5 ha the Lake is a larger waters in the city area. The Lake possesses an artificial feed pipe which takes the water from the Sill River subterraneously and supplies the Lake with it. An outflow with 70 metres length leads the water back into the river. Nevertheless the Lake is soiling more and more.
 Bad Man of Deadwood is a 1941 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers.
 Through Black Spruce is a novel by Canadian writer Joseph Boyden published in 2008 by Viking Press. It is Boyden's second novel and third published book. Through Black Spruce was named the winner of the 2008 Scotiabank Giller Prize on November 11 2008.
 Pirate Story (aka Pirate Story 3D/4D/5D) is a 2011 computer animated that is shown in 4D cinemas. The short is a action adventure film.
 Turridrupa prestoni is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Austin Bayou is a river in Texas. The river is named for Stephen F. Austin who led 300 American families into Texas and was the 1st Secretary of State of the Republic of Texas.
 Ali Hoseyn (Persian: علي حسين‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Ḩoseyn; also known as ‘Alī Ḩoseyn Shāh Karamī) is a village in Veysian Rural District Veysian District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Tied & True is the fourth album by The Detroit Cobras released 24 April 2007 (see 2007 in music).
 Daniel Finch 2nd Earl of Nottingham 7th Earl of Winchilsea PC (2 July 1647 – 1 January 1730) was an English Tory statesman during the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries.
 War and Peace (Russian: Война́ и мир trans. Voyna i mir) is a Soviet film adaptation of Leo Tolstoy's novel War and Peace released in four parts during 1966 and 1967.
 The Sapelo River is a 23-mile-long (37 km) primarily tidal river in McIntosh County in the U.S. state of Georgia. It forms between Interstate 95 and U.S. Route 17 near the community of Eulonia and winds generally east through salt marshes into Sapelo Sound an arm of the Atlantic Ocean that separates St. Catherines Island to the north from Sapelo Island to the south.
 Kurtziella perryae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
 Divagations is an 1897 prose collection by the French writer Stéphane Mallarmé. The book introduces the idea of critical poems a mixture between critical essays and prose poems. The book is divided into two parts first a series of prose poems and then the actual divagations - wanderings or ravings.
 Catocala hippolyta or Catocala semirelicta hippolyta is a subspecies of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in California.The wingspan is 72-76 mm. Adults are on wing from June to October depending on the location. There is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Populus species.
 Mr. Justice Raffles was a 1909 novel written by E.W. Hornung. It featured his popular character A. J. Raffles a well-known cricketer and gentleman thief. It was the fourth and last in his four Raffles books which had begun with The Amateur Cracksman in 1899.Unlike the three previous works the book was a full-length novel and featured darker elements than the earlier collections of short stories. In it a jaded Raffles is growing increasingly cynical about British high society.
 The Phillipi House also known as the Mastin House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. The two-story brick masonry structure was completed in 1850. It is built in a traditional Mobile townhouse style with a Greek Revival door surround and a second floor cast iron balcony across the front elevation. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 5 1984 based on its architectural significance.
 The Ahijah Wood House is an historic house at 175 Worcester Road in Westminster Massachusetts. The two story brick Federal style house was built in 1795 and is a rare example of a Federal period house with mansard roof. Ahijah Wood's son Aaron who succeeded to the property was a prominent local church member and politician.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 (where it is incorrectly listed at 174 Worcester Road).
 Force Majeure (Swedish: Turist) is an upcoming Swedish drama film directed by Ruben Östlund. It has been selected to compete in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 Genius is a 1999 Disney Channel Original Movie directed by Rod Daniel.
 The Time in Between is a novel by Canadian author David Bergen. It deals with a man named Charles Boatman who mysteriously returns to Vietnam where he had been a soldier earlier in his life and his children Ada and Jon who also go to Vietnam to search for him.Although generally called a war novel the author states that he [doesn't] see The Time in Between as a war novel.The Time in Between was the recipient of the 2005 Scotiabank Giller Prize.
 The William B. and Mary Chase Stratton House is a private house located at 938 Three Mile Dr. in Grosse Pointe Park Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Blue Tigers (Spanish: Tigres azules) is a short story by Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges. It was first published in the book Rosa y Azul in 1977. In 1983 it was collected in the book Shakespeare's Memory.
 Star Trek: Titan is a series of Star Trek novels that take place after the events of the 2002 film Star Trek Nemesis detailing the adventures of the U.S.S. Titan under the command of Starfleet Captain William T. Riker who previously served for fifteen years as First Officer under Captain Jean-Luc Picard aboard the Enterprise-D and Enterprise-E on the TV show Star Trek: The Next Generation and the four feature films adapted from that series.
 Oasis Tower is a supertall skyscraper under construction in Mumbai Maharashtra India. It will be 372 metres (1220 ft) & 85 floors and 239 metres (784 ft) 53 floors mixed use luxury tower that will house a hotel office and retail space. It has been designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox USA. The structural consultant is LERA (Leslie E. Robertson Associates) USA.The project will be developed under Oasis Realty a joint venture between Sahana and Oberoi Realty.
 Ladies' Night in a Turkish Bath is a 1928 silent film.
 Best Friend's Wife: The Black Panties of a Secret Rendezvous (親友の妻　密会の黒下着 Shinyū no Tsuma: Mikkai no Kuroshitagi) is a 2008 Japanese pink film directed by Yutaka Ikejima and written by Ikejima's wife and frequent collaborator Kyōko Godai. It won the 6th Best Film award at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony as well as awards for Best Actor (Seiji Nakamitsu) and Best New Actress (Maki Tomoda).
 Sokołowo [sɔkɔˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubasz within Czarnków-Trzcianka County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 The Mother and the Enemy is the fourth album release by the Polish symphonic black metal group Lux Occulta. It expands upon the band's signature sound by incorporating influences from a variety of styles including free jazz trip-hop death metal industrial music electronica and spoken word.
 Kronk's New Groove also known as The Emperor's New Groove 2: Kronk's New Groove is a 2005 direct-to-video animated musical comedy film released by The Walt Disney Company on December 13 2005. The film is the sequel and spin-off to the 2000 animated film The Emperor's New Groove and features reprises of the roles of David Spade John Goodman Eartha Kitt Patrick Warburton and Wendie Malick from the original film with new voices by John Mahoney and Tracey Ullman.
 Brian Wilson Reimagines Gershwin is the ninth studio album by Brian Wilson released on August 17 2010 by Walt Disney Records as part of the Disney Pearl Series. The album consists of covers of ten George and Ira Gershwin songs bookended by passages from Rhapsody in Blue along with two new songs completed from unfinished Gershwin fragments by Wilson and band member Scott Bennett.The cover artwork is an homage to the album cover for the 1958 jazz LP Sonny Clark Trio by Sonny Clark.
 Saw VI: Original Motion Picture Score is the film score to Saw VI. It was composed by Charlie Clouser.The score has 45 tracks nearly half of which are alternates. Like the scores to fourth and fifth films it was not commercially distributed.
 Captain Henry Charles FitzRoy Somerset 8th Duke of Beaufort KG PC DL (1 February 1824 – 30 April 1899) styled Earl of Glamorgan until 1835 and Marquess of Worcester from 1835 to 1853 was a British peer soldier and Conservative politician. He served as Master of the Horse between 1858 and 1859 and again between 1866 and 1868.
 The Piano Man's Daughter is a television movie adapted in 2003 by Sullivan Entertainment from the 1995 novel by Timothy Findley.Rights to the novel's film adaptation were originally purchased by Whoopi Goldberg. Goldberg acquired the film rights after reading the novel while in Toronto starring in Norman Jewison’s film “Bogus”. Deciding that as a Canadian novel it would be most appropriate to work with a Canadian film studio Goldberg produced the film in collaboration with Kevin Sullivan.
 Barbier is a lunar impact crater that is located on the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It forms a matched pair with Cyrano to the north-northwest and it lies to the southeast of the huge walled plain Gagarin. Southwest of Barbier is the crater Sierpinski and to the southeast is the Mare Ingenii.The outer rim of Barbier has been eroded somewhat by subsequent impacts particularly at the north end where the wall has been degraded by several small craterlets.
 The Heaviest Corner on Earth is a promotional name given to the corner of 20th Street and 1st Avenue North in Birmingham Alabama United States in the early 20th century.
 Chathikkatha Chanthu (Malayalam: ചതിക്കാത്തചന്തു English: Chanthu Who Never Cheats) is a 2004 Malayalam musical-comedy film written and directed by Rafi Mecartin and produced by Lal. It stars a huge cast consisting of Jayasurya Vineeth Lal Navya Nair Bhavana Madhu Cochin Haneefa Salim Kumar Siddique and Janardhanan. The music is composed by Alex Paul.The film was remade in Kannada.
 We Care is the debut album by Swedish alternative rock group Whale. The album was produced by Whale with some tracks produced by Whale and Falcon and some by Whale and Tricky.
 Goodfellas is the second album from underground hip hop duo Show and A.G. formerly known as Showbiz and A.G.. Released three years after their debut Runaway Slave the album received positive acclaim. The album contains a notably darker and more hardcore sound than their debut. Guest appearances came from Lord Finesse D-Flow Party Arty Wali World Method Man and Diamond D.
 Triatoma indictiva is an arthropod in the assassin bug family of Reduviidae and is an important vector of Trypanosoma cruzi. T. cruzi is the protozoan that causes Chagas Disease which affects approximately eight million people a year in the western hemisphere alone. Triatoma indictiva is found in Mexico and throughout the southern United States including Arizona and Texas.
 Kool Herc: Fertile Crescent is an EP by American rapper Homeboy Sandman. It was released in May 2013 under Stones Throw Records.
 Whangaroa Harbour (/ˈfæŋəroʊ.ə/; Māori pronunciation: [faŋaɾɔa]) previously spelled Wangaroa Harbour is an inlet on the northern coast of Northland New Zealand. Whangaroa Bay and the Pacific Ocean are to the north. The small settlements of Totara North and Saies are on the west side of the harbour Waitaruke on the south side and Whangaroa on the east. State Highway 10 runs through Waitaruke.
 Unitarian Church of Houlton is a historic church building on Military Street in Houlton Maine.It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Strupina [struˈpina] (German: Stroppen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of Prusice 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Trzebnica and 33 kilometres (21 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 450.
 The Cincinnati Street Gas Lamps are a historic district in Cincinnati Ohio United States. Composed of more than 1100 street lamps scattered throughout the city the district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.Cincinnati's system of streetlights has been seen as historic because it is representative of the application of early- to mid-nineteenth-century technology to daily life.
 Dabelowsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 59.9 m its surface area is 1.01 km².
 Icefloe Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Icefloe Lake is .50 miles (0.80 km) west of Middle Teton and the same distance from South Teton to the SSE. Due to a being situated at high altitude Icefloe Lake is only free of ice in late summer.
 The Insider was a prominent subscription-based newsletter reporting on Pennsylvania politics.
 Bank Shot is a 1974 film directed by Gower Champion and written by Wendell Mayes. It was loosely based upon Donald E. Westlake's novel of the same name and was the second book of his Dortmunder series. The film stars George C. Scott Joanna Cassidy Sorrell Booke and G. Wood.
 Paul Rudd Drayson Baron Drayson PC (born 5 March 1960) is a British businessman amateur racing driver and politician. He was Minister of Science in the Department for Business Innovation and Skills until May 2010 where he replaced Ian Pearson. In June 2009 he was additionally appointed as Minister of State for Strategic Defence Acquisition Reform at the Ministry of Defence.
 Overcoat Glacier is in the U.S. state of Washington. Overcoat Glacier is in both Wenatchee and Snoqualmie National Forests and flows north from Overcoat Peak and Chimney Rock. Overcoat Glacier descends from 7200 to 6000 ft (2200 to 1800 m).
 Educational Evaluation and Policy Analysis is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of educational policy analysis. It was established in 1979 and is published by American Educational Research Association in partnership with Sage Publications. The editors-in-chief are Mark Berends (University of Notre Dame) Luis M. Huerta (Teachers College Columbia University) Laura S. Hamilton (RAND Corporation) and Ron Zimmer (Vanderbilt University).
 Dilipkumar Mansukhlal Gandhi (born 9 May 1951) is an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party. He is a current member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India.
 Saga Prefectural Museum (佐賀県立博物館 Saga Kenritsu Hakubutsukan) opened in 1970 on the sannomaru site of Saga Castle in the city of Saga Japan in 1970. It is one of Japan's many museums which are supported by a prefecture.The museum displays materials relating to the natural history archaeology history art craft and folklore of Saga Prefecture.
 Mian-Seh-Chal (Persian: میان سه چال‎ meaning in the middle of three holes) is a mountain in the Takht-e Suleyman Massif Alborz mountain range north of Iran. With an elevation of 4348 metres (14265 ft) it is located in the middle of North Eastern glacier of the massif just as its name resembles.
 Darktown Revue (1931) is an 18-minute short film by Oscar Micheaux probably his first venture into sound film. As in many early talkies the camera-work is extremely static. The film included choral singing and several vaudeville acts including the comedy duo of Tim Moore and Andrew Tribble doing a routine about a haunted house.
 Barnsboro Hotel is located in Mantua Township Gloucester County New Jersey United States. The hotel was built in 1720 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 25 1973.
 Amanece que no es poco is a 1989 Spanish comedy film directed by José Luis Cuerda.
 Exists is a 2014 horror film that was directed by Eduardo Sánchez. The film had its world premiere on March 7 2014 at South by Southwest and stars Chris Osborn and Samuel Davis as two brothers hunting for the legendary Sasquatch.
 The Bowers School is an historic school building on 411 Water Street in Clinton Massachusetts. The two story brick schoolhouse was built in 1892 to a design by Joshua Thissell. The building was dedicated in honor of Rev. Charles Manning Bowers a longtime member of the Clinton School Committee.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Strickly Business Reloaded is the debut album by American hip hop artist/producer Donald XL Robertson released April 7 2009 on XL Productionz. It was recorded over a period of four years beginning in 2005. Prior to the album's release XL had worked on rapper juvenile's Nolia Clap (2004) which showcased his melodic and soulful style of hip hop production.
 Acronicta extricata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in North America including Texas.
 King Arthur is a 2004 film directed by Antoine Fuqua and written by David Franzoni. It stars Clive Owen as the title character Ioan Gruffudd as Lancelot and Keira Knightley as Guinevere.The film is unusual in reinterpreting Arthur as a Roman officer rather than a medieval knight.
 Ferenc Keresztes-Fischer (18 February 1881 – 3 March 1948) was a lawyer and a Hungarian politician. He was an advisor of the Pécsi Takarékpénztár Rt. / Pécs Savings Bank Corp. Before he became prefect of Baranya County 1921–1931 prefect of Somogy County 1925–1931 and Interior Minister twice; between 1931–1935 and 1938–1944. He controlled the police terror against left wing movements and against right wing movements. In a secret statement he ordered to collect Press articles.
 Wojbórz [ˈvɔi̯buʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko within Kłodzko County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Kłodzko and 74 km (46 mi) south of the regional capital Wrocław.
 For other uses see Till There Was You.'Til There Was You is a 1997 American romantic drama film directed by Scott Winant. The screenplay written by Winnie Holzman traces thirty-odd years in the parallel lives of two people whose intertwined paths finally converge when their mutual interest in a community project brings them together. The film starred Jeanne Tripplehorn Dylan McDermott Sarah Jessica Parker and Jennifer Aniston.
 Nyodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family most species occur in Africa.Some species of this genus are:Nyodes acatharta Hampson 1913Nyodes argentea 	(Berio 1970)Nyodes auriferoides Laporte 1972Nyodes aurora 	Laporte 1972Nyodes bafouti 	Laporte 1972Nyodes barlowi 	Laporte 1972Nyodes barnsi 	(Prout A.
 Elena and Her Men is a 1956 film directed by Jean Renoir and starring Ingrid Bergman and was her first film after leaving husband Roberto Rossellini. The film's original French title was Elena et les Hommes and in English-speaking countries the title was Paris Does Strange Things.
 Pierre Paradis (born 16 July 1950) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec. He has represented Brome-Missisquoi in the National Assembly of Quebec since 1980 as a member of the Liberal Party. Paradis was a cabinet minister in the governments of Robert Bourassa and Daniel Johnson Jr. but was never a member of Jean Charest's cabinet.Paradis's brother Denis Paradis is a federal politician who served in the governments of Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin.
 Dee L. Brown is an American politician from Montana. Brown a Republican represented District 3 (District 83 prior to 2005) in Flathead County in the Montana House of Representatives. Brown served as a member of the House Federal Relations Energy and Telecommunications committee and as vice chair of the Legislative Administration and State Administration committees.In 2006 Brown ran unsuccessfully for District 3 as an independent losing to Democrat Douglas Cordier.
 Alucita mulciber is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Confucius (Chinese: 孔夫子; pinyin: Kǒng Fūzǐ) is a 1940 Chinese film directed by Fei Mu. Produced during the war the film was released twice in the 1940s before being thought lost. In 2001 the film was rediscovered when an anonymous donor sent a damaged copy of the print to the Hong Kong Film Archive (HKFA).
 Bullets Blunts in ah Big Bankroll is the 12th album released by American rapper Andre Nickatina. It was released on May 18 2004 for Nickatina's own Nicky I.N.C. label and was produced by Andre Nickatina Nick Peace Krushadelic Equipto DJ Pause DJ Luvva J First Degree The D.E. and Q-York.
 Odostomia improbabilis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 Jasienica Górna [jaɕeˈnit͡sa ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów within Nysa County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Otmuchów 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Nysa and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).The village has an approximate population of 400.
 Up in Duke's Workshop is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington which collects sessions recorded in 1969 1970 1971 & 1972 and was released on the Pablo label in 1979.
 Roger Allan Hedgecock (born May 2 1946) is a conservative talk radio host and former mayor of San Diego California. His show is syndicated by Radio America. Hedgecock resides in San Diego. He is married to Cindy Hedgecock and they have two sons James and Christopher.
 The Festering Season is a graphic novel created by Kevin Tinsley with artist Tim Smith 3. It was published as a first-run graphic novel by Stickman Graphics in 2002.
 The Mexican woodrat (Neotoma mexicana) is a medium-sized rat occurring in the United States from Utah and Colorado south through New Mexico and parts of Arizona and Trans-Pecos Texas. Its range continues south in the highlands to Honduras. Although occurring at lower elevations during the Pleistocene it generally is limited now to highlands supporting open coniferous forests or woodlands.
 Nayyar Hussain Bukhari (Urdu: سید نیئر حسین بخاری) is the senior senator from Islamabad and senior leader of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP). Since 12 March 2012 he has been the 21st and the Chairman of the Senate; as chairman senate he is the second in the line of succession to the President of Pakistan.A strong proponent of social democracy he is also the key member of the Senate Standing Committee on Water and Power since 17 April 2009.
 Mission Basilica San Juan Capistrano is a church building and parish of the Roman Catholic Church in San Juan Capistrano California United States. Part of the Diocese of Orange the church opened in 1986 and is located just northwest of Mission San Juan Capistrano. The church's design is patterned after the Mission's original stone church which was destroyed in an 1812 earthquake. It was designed by architect John Bartlett and built by Joseph Byron Jr. of Alex Sutherland Construction.
 Days of the New (also known as the Orange or Yellow album) is the debut album of world music/post-grunge band Days of the New and the first of their three self-titled albums. The album was released in 1997 through Outpost.
 Zip the Dodger is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Trixie is a 2000 American mystery-crime film directed by Alan Rudolph and starring Emily Watson Nick Nolte Will Patton and Brittany Murphy.
 Bobrowniki [bɔbrɔvˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko within Włoszczowa County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Kluczewsko 16 km (10 mi) north-west of Włoszczowa and 56 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.
 The Dry Fork is a 47.7-mile-long (76.8 km) tributary of the Tug Fork belonging to the Ohio River watershed. The river is located in McDowell County West Virginia and Tazewell County Virginia in the United States. The mouth of the Dry Fork into the Tug Fork is located at Iaeger.
 Vamsha Vriksha (The genalogy tree) is a 1971 Indian Kannada-language film directed by B. V. Karanth and Girish Karnad based on S. L. Bhyrappa's novel of the same name. The film won the National Film Awards for Best Direction. It also won the three Filmfare Award south in 1972.Vamsha Vriksha marked the film debut of actor Vishnuvardhan and actress Uma Shivakumar. The film was later remade into Telugu as Vamsa Vruksham starring Anil Kapoor
 The Whenuakite River is one of the longer rivers on the Coromandel Peninsula in the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows initially north from its sources close to the peninsula's southeast coast north of Tairua before turning west to reach the southernmost point of the Whitianga Harbour.
 The Man Incognito is the fourth album by American jazz drummer Alphonse Mouzon recorded in 1975 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Takht-e Sofla (Persian: تخت سفلي‎ also Romanized as Takht-e Soflá; also known as Takht and Takht-e Pā’īn) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District Shadian District Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 87 in 15 families.
 Hawkins and Silver is the name of a 3-D CGI film based on Robert Louis Stevenson's novel Treasure Island that is set to be released sometime in early 2014. The film will be about a young boy who has to figure out what route in life he wishes to take. The setting of the story is on a steampunk world where people and animals work with one another. Chinese animation studios Belfry Animation and DeZerlin Media will produce the film in association with US production company Quixotic Group.
 Nauvoo Historic District is a historic district containing the city of Nauvoo Illinois.
 Santa Cruz Looff Carousel and Roller Coaster On The Beach Boardwalk is a National Historic Landmark composed of two parts a Looff carousel and the Giant Dipper wooden roller coaster at Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk.
 Kovilur is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district Tamil Nadu India.
 The Boone Hall Plantation and Gardens is an antebellum plantation located in Mount Pleasant South Carolina and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The plantation includes a large Colonial Revival plantation house (1933–35) that replaces the lost original house on the site a number of slave cabins (which were occupied by sharecroppers well into the 20th century) several flower gardens and the historic Avenue of Oaks: a nearly one-mile (1.6 km) drive up to the house with live oaks on either side originally planted in 1743. 
 The Bishop's Man is a novel by Canadian writer Linden MacIntyre published in August 2009. The story follows a Catholic priest named Duncan MacAskill who became so successful at resolving potential church scandals quickly and quietly that he had to accept a position at a remote parish on Cape Breton Island Nova Scotia to give himself a low profile. MacIntyre a native of Cape Breton released the novel amidst the on-going sexual abuse scandal in Antigonish diocese in Nova Scotia.
 Baciato dalla fortuna is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Paolo Costella. It is based on the Vincenzo Salemme's comedy play Fiore di ictus. The film debuted at the second place on the Italian box office chart.
 Us is the fourth studio album by American hip hop artist Brother Ali. It was released on September 22 2009 on Rhymesayers Entertainment. The album is produced entirely by Ant of Atmosphere. It debuted on 56 at Billboard 200 with 8000 copies sold. Upon release Us received widespread critical acclaim garnering a score of 83 out of 100 on review aggregator website Metacritic.
 The Guidelines for Assessment and Instruction in Statistics Education (GAISE) are a framework for statistics education in grades Pre-K–12 published by the American Statistical Association (ASA) in 2007. The foundations for this framework are the Principles and Standards for School Mathematics published by the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics (NCTM) in 2000. A second report focused on statistics education at the collegiate level the GAISE College Report was published in 2010.
 Blanket Warm is the debut album of Lullaby for the Working Class. It was released September 24 1996 on Bar/None Records.
 Leo Port MBE (7 September 1922 – 26 August 1978) was an Australian businessman engineer television personality and Lord Mayor of Sydney from 1975 till his death.
 Moulin rouge was the first political gloss magazine in Russia. It was published by Rodionov Publishing House from 2003 to 2008.
 The World as Will and Representation (German: Die Welt als Wille und Vorstellung) is the central work of the German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer. The first edition was published in December 1818 and the second expanded edition in 1844. In 1948 an abridged version was edited by Thomas Mann.
 Uranophora munda is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1856. It is found on Haiti.
 Like a River (1993) is the ninth studio album (10th overall) from the jazz group Yellowjackets and their second studio release (third overall) for GRP Records.
 Helivictoria is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Cañas River (Juana Diaz Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Bis Ii Ah Wash is a stream located in Apache County Arizona southwest of the census-designated place of Nazlini. The name was collected by the United States Geological Survey between 1976 and 1980 and entered into the Geographic Names Information System on February 8 1980.
 Łęka [ˈwɛŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Korzenna 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Nowy Sącz and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 547.
 'A Troubled Peace' is the sequel to the historical fiction novel Under a War-Torn Sky written by Virginia author L.M. Elliott.
 Portledge Manor is an English manor house in the parish of Alwington southwest of Bideford Devon. It and the land surrounding it belonged to the Coffin family a noble family of Norman origin for almost 1000 years.
 Shiloh Season is a 1999 family/drama film about a boy trying to defend his dog from a man who is constantly under the influence. It is a sequel to the 1996 Shiloh.
 The Sandhubel is a mountain of the Plessur Alps located south of Arosa in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of the Guggernellgrat.
 The Leaden Honeyeater (Ptiloprora plumbea) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 Brown Girl Brownstones is the first novel by the internationally recognized writer Paule Marshall published in 1959. It is about Barbadian immigrants in Brooklyn New York. The book gained widespread recognition after it was reprinted in 1981.
 The Witchmaster's Key is Volume 55 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Vincent Buranelli in 1976.
 Słupia [ˈswupja] is a village in Jędrzejów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Słupia. It lies approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) west of Jędrzejów and 56 km (35 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has an approximate population of 950.
 Winston Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It is about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) long and .5 kilometres (0.3 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 396 metres (1299 ft) about 21.1 kilometres (13.1 mi) northwest of the community of Schreiber. The primary outflow is Winston Creek part of the Pays Plat river system which flows downstream through an unnamed lake to Banana Lake.
 Horizons: The Journal of the College Theology Society is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1974 and published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the College Theology Society (Villanova University). While rooted in the Catholic tradition of faith seeking understanding the journal covers a range of topics in theology and religious studies including Catholic theology as well as Christianity and religious experience more generally.
 Sciota marmorata is a species of snout moths in the genus Sciota. It was described by Alpheraky in 1877. It is found in Romania Ukraine and Russia.The larvae have been recorded feeding on Caragana arborescens and Robinia pseudoacacia.
 Polymitia eximipalpella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Cyprus Turkey Israel Jordan Afghanistan Iran Iraq Saudi Arabia Syria Tajikistan Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
 Qeshlaq-e Marshun (Persian: قشلاق مرشون‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Marshūn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Dr. Will Holcombe became Chancellor of the Florida College System in October 2007. Prior to this position Holcombe served as President of Broward College from 1987 to 2004 and returned as interim President from November 2006 to July 2007.
 The Butler Greenwood Plantation is a plantation in Louisiana. It is on U.S. Route 61 2.2 kilometres (1.4 mi) to the North of St. Francisville Louisiana. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Bast-e Nar (Persian: بست نار‎ also Romanized as Bast-e Nār; also known as Bast-e Anār) is a village in Kuhak Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Todd Spitzer is a former California State Assemblyman Orange County Supervisor Assistant District Attorney in Orange County long-time Victims’ Rights advocate and current advisor to Marsy’s Law for All the organization formed after the 2008 passage of California’s Victims' Bill of Rights Act of 2008: Marsy's Law. As an Assistant District Attorney in Orange County Spitzer handled criminal matters and supervised line prosecutors.
 Moloch: or This Gentile World is a semi-autobiographical novel written by Henry Miller in 1927-28 initially under the guise of a novel written by his wife June. The book went unpublished until 1992 65 years after it was written and 12 years after Miller’s death. It is widely considered to be of interest more as a study of Miller’s artistic growth than as a worthy piece of fiction.
 Podkayne of Mars is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein originally serialised in Worlds of If (November 1962 January March 1963) and published in hardcover in 1963.
 The Man Behind the Gun is a 1953 Western film starring Randolph Scott about the establishment of the city of Los Angeles.
 Ammachatram is a small and peaceful developing village situated 6KM from Kumbakonam(Temple Town) to Mayiladuthurai route on [State Highway (SH - 64)] and 277 km away from Chennai.
 Gord's Gold is a compilation album released by Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot in 1975.It was the first Lightfoot compilation to feature music from his Warner Bros. Records. The album was originally released as a two-record album featuring re-recordings of his United Artists hits (tracks 1-10). This served to update his earlier recordings to the same style as his early 70s work and gives the album a level of consistency often lacking in similar compilations.
 Un uomo da bruciare (internationally released as A Man for Burning) is a 1962 Italian drama film. It is the first feature film directed by Valentino Orsini and Paolo and Vittorio Taviani.It entered the 1962 Venice Film Festival in which it won the Italian Film Critics Award.It is based on the life of the Sicilian union organizer Salvatore Carnevale.
 The Attic is a 1980 American thriller film starring Carrie Snodgress and directed by George Edwards.
 Nametar is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2048 people living in 347 individual households.
 Hatırla Sevgili (English: Remember Darling) was a Turkish TV series. The series started on October 27 2006 on the Turkish TV channel ATV aired on Friday evenings at 22:15 hrs local time.It tells the story of the love between Yasemin and Ahmet two young people from opposing families and the relationship between their relatives and friends in the political era starting at the end of the 1950s in Turkey.
 The Ruddy Pigeon (Patagioenas subvinacea) is a largish pigeon which breeds from Costa Rica south to western Ecuador Bolivia and central Brazil. It belongs to a clade of small and rather plain species of Patagioenas with characteristic calls that constitute the subgenus Oenoenas.
 Bammigatti is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 House at 9 Linden Street is a historic house at 9 Linden Street in Brookline Massachusetts USA.It was built in 1844 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Raging Slab is the second full length album (and major label debut) by American hard rock band Raging Slab. The album featured the singles Don't Dog Me and Bent For Silver.
 Prof. M. H. Jawahirullah Tamil: எம்.ஹெச். ஜவாஹிருல்லாஹ் (born 1959) is an Indian politician and incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Ramanathapuram constituency. He represents the Manithaneya Makkal Katchi party. He is also the founding member and present leader of Tamil Nadu Muslim Munnetra Kazagham.
 Liu Jinguo (simplified Chinese: 刘金国; traditional Chinese: 劉金國; pinyin: Liú Jīnguó; born April 1955) is a politician of People's Republic of China.
 Chicago Heights (alternate title: The Last Soul on a Summer Night) is a 2009 film written and directed by Daniel Nearing. This experimental non-linear film is an ambitious adaptation of Sherwood Anderson’s short story cycle Winesburg Ohio. Noted film critic Roger Ebert included Chicago Heights in his list of the Top Art Films of 2010.
 Obuchowizna [ɔbuxɔˈvʲizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Best of Bachman–Turner Overdrive Live is an album of concert material from a 1985 Bachman–Turner Overdrive performance in Tallahassee Florida. The album was released on Curb Records in 1994. The album is notable for being one of three albums (two live one studio) released featuring a short-lived reunion line up of the band featuring founding members Randy Bachman Tim Bachman and C. F. Fred Turner who had not played together since Tim's departure after the second BTO album.
 Cape Fear is the debut album by Canadian indie rock band Germans released 13 February 2007 on the Arena Rock Recording Co. label.
 Prophets Seers & Sages: The Angels of the Ages is the second studio album by Tyrannosaurus Rex comprising Marc Bolan (vocals guitar) and Steve Peregrin Took (bongos African drums kazoo pixiephone Chinese gong). It was released on 14 October 1968 but failed to chart upon first release. The album was paired with the first Tyrannosaurus Rex album My People Were Fair and Had Sky in Their Hair...
 Eupithecia rebeli is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Uzbekistan.
 Pterygia undulosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 Janice Gregory AM (born 10 January 1955) is a Welsh Labour politician who has represented the constituency of Ogmore since the National Assembly for Wales was established in 1999. Her main contribution to the Assembly has been through chairing the Social Justice and Regeneration Committee.
 Live Wizardry is an album by Silly Wizard recorded live in concert at Sanders Theatre Harvard University in Cambridge Massachusetts in 1983. Live Wizardry was released by Green Linnet Records in 1988 and contained all but two of the tracks released in 1985 on the live albums Golden Golden and Live in America.
 The Marriage of Figaro (German:Figaros Hochzeit) is a 1949 East German musical film directed by Georg Wildhagen and starring Angelika Hauff Willy Domgraf-Fassbaender and Sabine Peters. It was based on the opera The Marriage of Figaro by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Lorenzo da Ponte which was itself based on the play The Marriage of Figaro by Pierre Beaumarchais. The film was made by DEFA the state studio of East Germany. It sold 5479427 tickets.
 Shirley Adams is a 2009 film.
 Dead Man's Cell Phone is a play by Sarah Ruhl. It explores the paradox of modern technology's ability to both unite and isolate people in the digital age. The play was awarded a Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding New Play.
 Wie die Schlesier Christen wurden waren und sind: Ein Beitrag zur schlesischen Kulturgeschichte (How the Silesians became were and are Christians: a contribution to Silesian cultural history) is a 2011 book by German theologian Wolfgang Nastainczyk published by Schnell & Steiner. The book takes a look at the history of Christianity in Silesia from the year 950AD to the present day and examines the effects history has had on the faith of Silesians over the years.
 Return from the Stars (Polish: Powrót z gwiazd) is a science fiction novel by Polish author Stanisław Lem. Written in 1961 it revolves around the story of a cosmonaut returning to his homeworld Earth and finding it a completely different place than when he left. The novel touches among the ideas of alienation culture shock and dystopias. It was translated into English in 1980 by Barbara Marszal and Frank Simpson.
 Coeur d'Alene Press is a US daily newspaper serving the Coeur d'Alene Idaho area. It is owned by Duane Hagadone and the Hagadone Newspaper Group. The paper's target market includes Kootenai and Bonner counties.
 Case Closed: Magician of the Silver Sky known as Detective Conan: Magician of the Silver Sky (名探偵コナン 銀翼の奇術師 Meitantei Konan: Gin’yoku no Majishan ) in Japan is the 8th Case Closed feature film. The movie was released in Japan on April 17 2004. A Region 2 DVD has been released by Universal Pictures. The movie brought a box office income of 2.8 billion yen.
 Ranamure is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Work and Non Work is a 1997 album by British indie electronic group Broadcast released by Warp Records which compiles material from their early singles.
 Eastmanosteus (Eastman's bone) is a fossil genus of dunkleosteid placoderms. It was closely related to the giant Dunkleosteus but differed from that genus in size in possessing a distinctive tuberculated bone ornament a differently shaped nuchal plate and a more zig-zagging course of the sutures of the skull roof.Species of Eastmanosteus had powerful jaws with sharp cutting edges and were likely active predators.
 Jacob Kaimenyi (born 10 July 1952) is a Kenyan dentist who was nominated by President Uhuru Kenyatta as Cabinet Secretary for Education on 25 April 2013.
 Zibad (Persian: زيبد‎ also Romanized as Zībad) is a village in Zibad Rural District Kakhk District Gonabad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 868 in 288 families.Zibad meaning beautiful was a famous ancient city in Shahnameh. According to Shahnameh Ferdowsi (around 1000 AD) it was the place of a famous war called 12 rokh (12 hero) between Iran and Turan.
 Anna Diamantopoulou (Greek: Άννα Διαμαντοπούλου born 26 February 1959 in Kozani Greece) is a Member of Parliament in Greece for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) and former Minister of Education. She is also a former European Commissioner for Employment Social Affairs and Equal Opportunities in the Prodi Commission a post she held between 1999–2004.
 Brij Basi Lal is an Indian freedom fighter politician and was Member of Parliament of India. He was a member of the 3rd Lok Sabha of India. Lal represented the Faizabad constituency of Uttar Pradesh and was a member of the Congress political party.
 Heidi's Song is a 1982 animated musical feature film produced by Hanna-Barbera. The film is based on the novel Heidi by Johanna Spyri. Among the voice cast of the film are Lorne Greene as Grandfather Margery Gray as Heidi and Sammy Davis Jr. as Head Ratte.
 Cerithium rehderi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
 Oceanida is a genus of very small parasitic sea snails marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Eulimidae.This genus was described by Léopold de Folin in 1870. These are subtidal snails that are parasitic on echinoderms. Their length varies between 2 and 3 mm.
 Briar's Book by Tamora Pierce is a fantasy novel set in the fictional duchy of Emelan. It is the fourth and final book in the Circle of Magic quartet starring the four young mages Sandry Tris Daja and Briar as they learn to handle powerful magic form intense bonds of friendship and stand up against destructive forces of nature.
 We Were Dancing is a 1942 film.
 Czerna [ˈt͡ʂɛrna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszowice within Kraków County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Krzeszowice and 26 km (16 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.The village has a population of 1252. Religions: Roman Catholicism Jehovah's Witnesses (1%).
 The Secu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa in Romania. It flows into Lake Izvorul Muntelui near Secu.
 Goleytar (Persian: گليتر ‎ also known as Goleytār Bolāghī) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Charuymaq County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 162 in 23 families.
 John Frullo (born August 1 1962) is a businessman from Lubbock Texas who is a conservative Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 84 and a member of the Tea Party Caucus. Since 1993 Frullo has owned Midtown Printing Company in Lubbock. In November 2010 he succeeded fellow Republican Carl Isett like Frullo a Certified Public Accountant who had served as state representative with little opposition from 1997 until his resignation in the summer of 2010.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the British rock group Queen. When released in October 1981 the album consisted of Queen's best-selling singles since their first chart appearance in 1974 with Seven Seas of Rhye up to their 1980 hit Flash (though in some countries Under Pressure the band's 1981 chart-topper with David Bowie was included).
 Daniel James Dan White (September 2 1946 – October 21 1985) was a San Francisco supervisor who assassinated San Francisco Mayor George Moscone and Supervisor Harvey Milk on Monday November 27 1978 at City Hall. In a controversial verdict that led to the coining of the legal slang Twinkie defense White was convicted of manslaughter rather than murder in the deaths of Milk and Moscone. White served five years of a seven-year prison sentence.
 Mount Kerr is a mountain in the Victoria Cross Ranges of Alberta Canada. The peak was named for Private John Chipman Kerr who earned the Victoria Cross for his actions in 1916 during World War I.
 The Shetucket River is a tributary of the Thames River 20.4 miles (32.8 km) long in eastern Connecticut in the United States.It is formed at Willimantic by the junction of the Willimantic and Natchaug rivers. It flows southeast and south.
 I'll Share My World with You is an album by American country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1969 (see 1969 in country music) on the Musicor Records label. Tammy Wynette who would marry Jones the following year is pictured on the cover.
 John Smith (c. 1735 – July 30 1824) was one of the first two U.S. Senators from the state of Ohio. He reluctantly resigned from the Senate under charges of alleged complicity in the Burr conspiracy.Little is known of his early life. There are conflicting reports on the location of his birth with some sources saying he was born in Virginia and others saying Hamilton County Ohio; the identity of his parents are unknown.
 The South Nahanni River is a major tributary of the Liard River located roughly 500 kilometres west of Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories of Canada. It is the centerpiece of Nahanni National Park Reserve. It flows from the Mackenzie Mountains in the west through the Selwyn Mountains growing as it heads east over the majestic Virginia Falls and finally empties into the Liard River. The Nahanni has a unique geological history.
 Valley View is a mid-19th century Greek Revival residence and associated farm overlooking the South Branch Potomac River north of Romney West Virginia. Valley View is located along Depot Valley Road. The South Branch Valley Railroad runs adjacent to the farm's property and is currently utilized by the Potomac Eagle Scenic Railroad. The Valley View property had been a part of the South Branch Survey of Thomas Fairfax 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron's Northern Neck Proprietary.
 Tripurantakam is a village and a Mandal in Prakasam district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The people are Hindus.
 Incendiary is a 2008 British drama film portraying the aftermath of a terrorist attack at a football match. It is directed by Sharon Maguire and stars Michelle Williams Ewan McGregor and Matthew Macfadyen. It is about an adulterous woman's life that is torn apart when her husband and four-year-old son are killed in a suicide bombing at Emirates Stadium during an Arsenal F.C. match. It is based on the 2005 novel of the same name by Chris Cleave.
 String Quartet Tribute to Coheed and Cambria's In Keeping Secrets Of Silent Earth: 3 is a tribute album to rock band Coheed and Cambria's album In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3. It was released in early 2006 and is one of many The String Quartet Tribute albums released by Vitamin Records.
 Łęciny [wɛnˈt͡ɕinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Olsztynek and 24 km (15 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Cymodegma is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Iron Fist is the fifth studio album by the British band Motörhead. Released on 17 April 1982 it peaked at No. 6 on the UK album charts. It was preceded by the release of the title track Iron Fist as a single on 3 April which peaked in the UK singles chart at #29. It was the final album to be recorded by the Lemmy Fast Eddie Clarke and Phil Philthy Animal Taylor line-up.
 The Clemenceau Affair (Italian: Il processo Clémenceau) is a 1917 silent Italian adventure film directed by Alfredo De Antoni. The film features the first onscreen performance from Vittorio De Sica.
 Oberoderwitzer Spitzberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 EARTH070796LIVE is a live album by Earth.
 For other synagogues called Beth El see Temple Beth-El (disambiguation).Temple Beth-El is a Reform synagogue at 5 Old Mill Road in Great Neck New York. Founded in 1928 it is the oldest synagogue in Great Neck.The original Temple building was enlarged three times during the past 60 years. It went through drastic renovation due to a fire that burned down much of it down.Rabbi Jacob P. Rudin served as spiritual leader for four decades. As of 2009 it had a membership of 875 families.
 Lee Yi Shyan (simplified Chinese: 李奕贤; traditional Chinese: 李奕賢; pinyin: Lǐ Yìxián; born 9 March 1962) is a Singaporean politician. A member of the governing People's Action Party (PAP) he is a Senior Minister of State in the ministries of Trade and Industry and National Development. He has been a Member of Parliament (MP) representing the East Coast Group Representation Constituency (East Coast GRC) since 2006.
 Husbands: The Comic is a digital comic book series published by Dark Horse Comics. The series serves as a canonical continuation of the acclaimed newlywed sitcom Husbands following the events of its third season and is written by the television series’ creators Brad Bell and Jane Espenson. The storyline follows Cheeks and Brady after they receive a mysterious wedding present which sets in motion a chain of events thematic to the rabbit hole metaphor.
 Alamitos Creek or Los Alamitos Creek is a 7.7-mile-long (12.4 km) creek in San Jose California which becomes the Guadalupe River at its confluence with Guadalupe Creek at Lake Almaden Park. It is located in Almaden Valley and originates from the Los Capitancillos Ridge and the Santa Cruz Mountains. This creek flows through the Valley's Guadalupe Watershed which is owned by the Santa Clara Valley Water District.
 Robert Strange (September 20 1796 – February 19 1854) was a Democratic U.S. senator from the state of North Carolina between 1836 and 1840. Strange was born in Manchester Virginia. He attended New Oxford Academy and Washington College (now Washington and Lee University) in Lexington Virginia.
 Agnes Campbell Macphail (March 24 1890 – February 13 1954) was the first woman to be elected to the Canadian House of Commons and one of the first two women elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. Active throughout her life in progressive Canadian politics Macphail worked for two separate parties and promoted her ideas through column-writing activist organizing and legislation.
 Expensive Women is a 1931 talking film drama. It is very much a Pre-Code type of story. It was produced by First National and distributed through their parent company Warner Brothers. The film was directed by silent film veteran Hobart Henley and starred Dolores Costello. This film was Costello's final film as a Warner Brothers leading lady and star of which she had been since 1925. She retired to be the wife of John Barrymore and to raise their family.
 David Frank Hamilton (born 1957) is a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. He was previously the chief judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Indiana. On March 17 2009 he became President Barack Obama's first judicial nominee when he was named for a seat on the Seventh Circuit. He was confirmed by the Senate on November 19 2009 in a 59-to-39 vote.
 Throat Full Of Heart is the fifth album by the Los Angeles based metal band My Ruin.The album was released in January 2008. It includes artwork by the vocalist Tairrie B along with My Ruin's first ever full length DVD with the music videos for Ready For Blood and Religiosity with bonus and behind-the-scenes footage of The Making of RFB by the guitarist Mick Murphy.
 Iamus is the first studio album composed using Iamus a computer cluster designed by the University of Malaga which creates contemporary classical music.
 Santa Claus: The Movie (known on-screen as simply Santa Claus) is a 1985 British/American Christmas film starring David Huddleston Dudley Moore and John Lithgow. It is the last major fantasy film produced by the Paris-based father-and-son production team of Alexander and Ilya Salkind. The film was directed by Jeannot Szwarc and released in North America on November 27 1985 by TriStar Pictures.
 Ma Barker's Killer Brood is a crime film released in 1960. The low-budget film was directed by Bill Karn and starred Lurene Tuttle as the title character Ma Barker.The film is a highly fictionalized account of the life of Ma Barker and her four sons whose Barker-Karpis gang terrorized the South and Midwest in the 1930s with a string of kidnappings robberies and murders.
 Cockle Creek is a 3.5-mile-long (5.6 km) stream in Chincoteague Virginia between Chincoteague Inlet to the south and Chincoteague Bay to the north. It was the site of a naval battle during the Civil War the Battle of Cockle Creek.
 Juovvajávri or Urvannet is a lake in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 2.24-square-kilometre (0.86 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) northeast of the lake Stuorajávri and about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) northwest of the large lake Iešjávri.
 Melanochromis loriae is a species of cichlid in the Cichlidae endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur around Chipoka Island. This species can reach a length of 12.5 centimetres (4.9 in) TL.
 The Făget River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 The John Long Mountains el. 7923 feet (2415 m) is a small mountain range northwest of Philipsburg Montana in Granite County Montana. The Beaverhead-Deerlodge National Forest and Lolo National Forest manage these mountains. A sizable roadless area of about 65000 acres existed as of 1990 in the John Long Mountains centered on Silver King Mountain in the southern part of the range. It's unknown whether and to what extent this area's size has been reduced by logging.
 Poscaya is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.
 Chui Sai Cheong (Chinese: 崔世昌; born 19 February 1954 in Macau) is a member and the First Secretary of the Legislative Assembly of Macau. He is the older brother of Fernando Chui the current Chief Executive of Macau and cousin of José Chui also a member of the Legislative Assembly.
 Jocara is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Walker in 1863.
 Specimens of Beauty is a documentary about the rock band Phish recording their 2004 album Undermind.
 Wyszyna Fałkowska [vɨˈʂɨna fau̯ˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka within Końskie County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Ruda Maleniecka 19 km (12 mi) west of Końskie and 44 km (27 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 180.
 Clegg Hall is a 17th-century hall in Littleborough Greater Manchester (grid reference SD92231448). It is situated just outside Smithy Bridge Greater Manchester.The Clegg in the name of the current hall refers to the location (Little Clegg or Great Clegg) rather than the local family by the same surname – the house was built by a Theophilus Ashton in the early 17th century and it has never been suggested that the house has been lived in by Cleggs.
 The Mysterious Castle in the Carpathians (Czech: Tajemství hradu v Karpatech literally The Mystery/Secret of the Castle in the Carpathians) is a 1981 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Oldřich Lipský. It is based on Jules Verne's novel The Carpathian Castle (called Tajemný hrad v Karpatech in Czech translations).The film marks Lipský's third and final collaboration with the humorist Jiří Brdečka and also features special props by Jan Svankmajer and music by Luboš Fišer.
 The Pine Barrens Zanclognatha or Martha’s Zanclognatha (Zanclognatha martha) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Ohio to Maine south in the mountains to North Carolina and along the Coastal Plain to Texas. The wingspan is about 25 mm. There is one generation in Connecticut and Missouri and two generations in the south.The larvae feed on detritus in dry oak-pitch pine woodlands.
 Summer Interlude (Swedish: Sommarlek) is a 1951 Swedish drama film co-written and directed by Ingmar Bergman.
 Mohawk is a 1956 Pathécolor drama directed by Kurt Neumann starring Scott Brady and Rita Gam. Jonathan Adams (Scott Brady) is an 18th century Boston artist sent to Mohawk Valley to paint landscapes and portraits of Native Americans. The film reuses many sequences from the 1939 film Drums Along the Mohawk.
 The Schitu River is a tributary of the Oreavul River in Romania.
 Boomerang: Travels in the New Third World is a non-fiction book by Michael Lewis about macroeconomic consequences of cheap financing available during the 2000s. The book was released on October 3 2011 by W. W. Norton & Company. The text focuses on the themes discussed in his previous book The Big Short and is based on the articles that Lewis wrote for Vanity Fair magazine.
 Ahmed Gamal El Din (born 11 November 1952) is a retired police general and the Egypt's former minister of interior. He served in the Qandil cabinet.
 Just Ella is a novel written by Margaret Peterson Haddix and published in 1999 by Simon & Schuster. The story is a retelling of Cinderella with a feminist twist and a different version of the happily-ever-after ending. The plot revolves around Ella a beautiful girl struggling to find the true meaning of happiness. A companion novel Palace of Mirrors was released in 2008.
 Beth B. Gaines (born September 17 1959) is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly. She is a Republican representing the 6th district. She won a special election to the assembly in 2011 to succeed her husband Ted Gaines who had won a special election to the state senate. Prior to being elected to the state assembly she was a businesswoman.
 Porndogs: The Adventures of Sadie is an American feature length hardcore porn comedy film produced in 2009. Written produced edited and directed by Greg Blatman the film features over thirty live dogs as the actors. The animals are voiced by a number of famous celebrities including Marilyn Chambers Ron Jeremy Too $hort Heidi Fleiss Dustin Diamond Paul Rodriguez Tera Patrick Evan Seinfeld and Paul Ogata. Marilyn Chambers plays the lead dog Sadie thus making it Chambers last film.
 The Second EP is the first album released by Baton Rouge Louisiana based indie pop group The Eames Era. The title The Second EP probably refers to the demo EP the band recorded early 2003 before signing with the C Student Records label. The album's lead track Could Be Anything was featured on the soundtrack for American medical drama Grey's Anatomy (see Grey's Anatomy Soundtrack) and on Canadian teen drama Falcon Beach garnering a much bigger audience for the band.
 Chain Reaction Live In Concert (originally titled Chain Reaction Tour) is a DVD release by Australian singer John Farnham. The DVD was released in Australia on 13 November 2005 in conjunction with Classic Jack Live!. This DVD contains John Farnham's performance at the Flinders Park National Tennis Centre Melbourne in 1990 during his Chain Reaction Tour. This program was originally aired on Australia's Channel Seven in 1990.
 Carolene R. Mays was appointed by Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels as a Commissioner for the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission in February 2010.From 1998 until the appointment she was Publisher and President of the Indianapolis Recorder Newspaper and the Indiana Minority Business Magazine. UnderCarolene’s leadership the Recorder which is the nation's fourth oldest African-American newspaper grew in readership prominence and credibility.
 Nughab (Persian: نوغاب‎ also Romanized as Nūghāb; also known as Nūqāb and Noqāb) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 902 in 222 families.
 Mount Fernie is a 2210 m (7251 ft) high mountain and is directly northwest of the town of Fernie British Columbia. It offers an excellent hiking trail for those that can handle steep and challenging ridges. Mount Fernie Provincial Park is adjacent to the Mountain.
 Baia de Aramă monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Baia de Aramă) is a monastery in Baia de Aramă Romania located in the north-west area of Oltenia in the Mehedinți Plateau sheltered by a small depression surrounded by the Dochiciu Dealu-Mare and Cornet hills it communicates through national roads with Târgu Jiu Motru Strehaia and Turnu Severin but also with the Băile Herculane and Bala resorts.The monastery has begun its activity already in the year 1703 and the church wall painting features fresco decorations entirely conserved in their original form. 
 Sir Geoffrey John Geoff Yeend AC CBE (1 May 1927 – 6 October 1994) was a senior Australian public servant. He was Secretary of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet between 1978 and 1986.
 Dřevěnice is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
 Grønliskarstinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Tacaná Volcano is the second highest peak in Central America at 4060 metres (13320 ft). It is located in the Tacaná municipality of the Guatemalan department of San Marcos and in Cacahoatán Municipality and Unión Juárez Municipality in the Mexican state of Chiapas. The volcano is also known in Mexico as Volcán Tacina.Its last known eruption was registered in 1986 — a small phreatic eruption in May — but it is still considered as dangerous for more than 250000 people.
 Newport Masonic Hall is historic building located at Newport New Castle County Delaware. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Armstrong Lodge No. 26 A. F. & A. M. it was built in 1913 and consists of a two-story five bay rectangular brick main block with a long one-story rectangular rear wing to form a 'T'-plan. A large arch-roofed brick addition was built in 1958. The building is in a restrained Colonial Revival style. The main block has a gable roof.
 Eudonia oxythyma is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is endemic to Kauai.
 Werdun [ˈvɛrdun] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Tarczyn 25 km (16 mi) south-west of Piaseczno and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Gerard T. Leone Jr. served as the District Attorney of Middlesex County Massachusetts from 2007 to 2013. He is currently a partner at the law firm Nixon Peabody.
 Phil Ochs: There but for Fortune is a documentary film on the life and times of folk singer-songwriter Phil Ochs. The film released theatrically in January 2011 was written and directed by Kenneth Bowser.
 The Lake of Sainte-Croix (French: lac de Sainte-Croix) is a man-made lake that was formed by the construction between 1971 and 1974 (when it was put into service) of a reinforced-concrete arch dam by the name of Dam of Sainte-Croix (French: Barrage de Sainte-Croix). The reservoir holds a maximum of 761 million cubic metres of water.
 The Giona is a ‘torrent’ or intermittent stream which rises on the slopes of Monte Tamaro in the Swiss canton of Ticino. After about 2 km it enters the Italian province of Varese foming the Val Veddasca before entering Lake Maggiore at Maccagno.
 Full House is the seventh and first live jazz album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery released in 1962 (see 1962 in music).
 College Hill also known as George Walton House Harper House or Walton-Harper House is a home built in 1795 near Augusta Georgia.It was the home from 1795 to his death here in 1804 of George Walton a signer of the U.S. Declaration of Independence.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.It is located at 2216 Wrightsboro Road approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) west of Augusta. It is a private residence and is not open to the public.
 Lirbiziyeh (Persian: ليربزيه‎ also Romanized as Līrbizīyeh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Acrobasis ottomana is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Caradja in 1916. It is found in Israel.
 Tegenaria rilaensis is a funnel-web spider found in Bulgaria.
 Angler: The Cheney Vice Presidency is a book by Washington Post investigative reporter Barton Gellman published in 2008. Presenting information in a narrative fashion Gellman asserts that United States Vice President Dick Cheney misled Republican leaders about the threat of Iraq before the invasion of Iraq by the United States. The book levels several allegations against Cheney and his administration.
 For Darkest Eyes is the first video release by death/doom metal band My Dying Bride. Created first as a VHS in 1997 then later being reproduced as a DVD in 2002. Live footage from Willem II The Netherlands in 1993 on November 3 the picture gallery and the live song Sear Me done in Simplon 1992 do not appear on the video version due to time constriaints of the old VHS format.
 Creatures of Influence is an independent album by the synthpop band Information Society.
 Mühlwasser is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Fuse Teppō Musume no Torimonochō (伏 鉄砲娘の捕物帳) is a 2012 Japanese animated film directed by Masayuki Miyaji based on Kazuki Sakuraba's book Fuse Gansaku: Satomi Hakkenden. Both novel and film are an adaptation of Kyokutei Bakin's Nansō Satomi Hakkenden focusing on a female hunter named Hamaji.A special Blu-ray and DVD set was released featuring cover art by graphic designer Wakamatsu Kaori. It also included a booklet and postcard set by the same designer.
 Final Justice is a 1984 film starring Joe Don Baker and directed by Greydon Clark. It follows the exploits of a Texas sheriff who overturns a Maltese city to find the mobster who killed his partner. The film was lampooned in a 1999 episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000. It was the lowest rated movie on IMDb but has since been replaced by Gunday.
 Thalassophilus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Thalassophilus azoricus Oromi & Borges 1991 Thalassophilus breuili Jeannel 1926 Thalassophilus caecus Jeannel 1938 Thalassophilus longicornis Sturm 1825 Thalassophilus pieperi Erbar 1990 Thalassophilus subterraneus Machado 1989 Thalassophilus whitei Wollaston 1854↑
 Rudzie [ˈrud͡ʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south of Gołdap and 130 km (81 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Sweet Home Verona is the title of the first live album from Sonohra recorded September 6 2008 during a concert at the Roman Theater in Verona.The album released November 28 2008 contains songs from the album Liberi da Sempre rearranged in acoustic versions and earned a Platinum Album. It is available either as a CD DVD or CD+DVD.The only covers present on the CD is The Thrill Is Gone by B.B.
 The Sonny Side of Stitt is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1959 and originally released on the Roost label.
 Concorde De Luxe Resort is a five star hotel in Lara Antalya Turkey. It won the Europe's All-inclusive Resort the Turkey's All-inclusive Resort and the Turkey's Leading Spa Resort awards in 2008.
 20 Y.O. is the ninth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson released by Virgin Records America on September 20 2006 in Japan September 22 internationally and September 26 in Canada and the United States. The album debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 with 297000 copies sold in its first week making it Jackson's eighth consecutive top three debut and second consecutive number two album debut. It is also Jackson's eighth consecutive platinum album.
 John Luther McLucas (August 22 1920 – December 1 2002) was United States Secretary of the Air Force from 1973 to 1975 becoming Secretary of the Air Force on July 19 1973. He had been Acting Secretary of the Air Force since May 15 1973 and Under Secretary of the Air Force since March 1969.
 Street Acquaintances (German: Straßenbekanntschaft) is an East German film. It was released in 1948 and sold 6469626 tickets.
 La Mer (also known as The Sea) is an 1895 French short black-and-white silent documentary film directed and produced by Louis Lumière. Given its age this short film is available to freely download from the Internet.The film formed part of the first commercial presentation of the Lumière Cinématographe on December 28 1895 at the Salon Indien Grand Café 14 Boulevard des Capuchins Paris.
 Pomyków [pɔˈmɨkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica within Piotrków County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Moszczenica 14 km (9 mi) north of Piotrków Trybunalski and 35 km (22 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
 Mr. Music Originally is an album by Pablove Black originally released in 1979 by Studio One the Motown of Jamaica.
 Walling Pond is a privately owned pond that is open to the public for fishing. The pond located in Salem Oregon is owned by the Walling family. The pond is located at the original site of their sand and gravel processing plant at the northeast corner of McGilchrist and 16th Streets S.E. The pond is popular with bait anglers and produces stocked rainbow trout.
 Cowboy is a 1966 American short documentary film directed by Michael Ahnemann and produced by Ahnemann and Gary Schlosser. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Rataje is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 620 people.
 Burgandine House is a historic home located at Culpeper Culpeper County Virginia. It was built about 1800 and is a 1 1/2-story plank log dwelling. It has a gable roof and weatherboard siding. The building served periodically for several years as the headquarters for the Culpeper Historical Society. It is considered the oldest residence in Culpeper.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 This article describes the 46th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 46 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 46 or Now 46 was released in 24 July 2000 on minidisc audio cassette and Compact Disc.
 Alhaji Sarafadeen Tunji Isola (born 25 November 1960) became Nigeria's Minister of Mines and Steel Development on 26 July 2007 and was released from his duties by President Umaru Yar'Adua on 29 October 2008.
 Sofitel Alger Hamma Garden is a hotel in Algiers Algeria operated by Sofitel part of the Accor group. The hotel contains 334 rooms eleven junior suites eleven senior suites and two opera suites. Its restaurants are Le Continental which serves French cuisine El Mordjene serving Algerian cuisine and Le Difa which serves Mediterranean cuisine in a buffet. The hotel has its own 18-hole golf course.
 The Anna Wintour Costume Center is a wing of the Metropolitan Museum of Art that opened in 2014 and houses the collection of the Costume Institute. The center is named after Anna Wintour editor-in-chief of Vogue and an important benefactor of the museum's annual Met Gala. It was endowed by Lizzie and Jonathan Tisch. The center will be formally opened by the First Lady of the United States Michelle Obama on May 5 2014.
 Grey Friar is a fell in the English Lake District it is one of the Coniston Fells and is situated 13 kilometres west-south-west of Ambleside. It reaches a height of 770 metres (2526 feet) and stands to the north west of the other Coniston Fells a little off the beaten track and tends to be the least visited of the group.
 Better Late Than Never is the first solo album by New York rapper and Wu-Tang Clan affiliate Trife Diesel. It was released on July 21 2009 under Traffic Entertainment Group record label and features production from UK beatsmith Quincey Tones who also produced for Royce da 5'9 Busta Rhymes Talib Kweli eMC and Ghostface Killah.
 Nicole LeFavour (born February 8 1964) is an American politician and educator from Idaho served as an Idaho State Senator from 2008 to 2012. LeFavour previously served in the Idaho House of Representatives from 2004 until 2008.
 St. Severin's Old Log Church is a historic Roman Catholic church located in Cooper Settlement Pennsylvania United States. The church was built by German settlers in about 1851 and served until about 1880. It is a 1 1⁄2-story log structure with a gable roof and steeple. The building measures approximately forty-five feet in length by twenty-four feet in width and rests upon a rock foundation.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Alaena ferrulineata is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in northern and southern Tanzania. The habitat consists of rocky hillsides in dry thorn country and mountains at altitudes ranging from 1000 to 2000 metres.
 Machine Cuisine is an EP by Six Finger Satellite released on August 23 1994 through Sub Pop.
 The Henry Williams House is a historic home located at Huntington in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay residence with a 1-story four-bay west wing. The house is representative of the American Picturesque-style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Eupyrgulina is a genus of small sea snails pyramidellid gastropod mollusks in the tribe Chrysallidini within the family Pyramidellidae.
 Pileh Savar (Persian: پيله سوار‎ also Romanized as Pīleh Savār; also known as Razvaliny Pilesevar) is a village in Zangebar Rural District in the Central District of Poldasht County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 402 in 90 families.
 Kenobi's Blade is the sixth volume in the Junior Jedi Knights series. It was written by Rebecca Moesta in 1997.
 Demolis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
 Cantao ocellatus is a species of shield bug in the family Scutelleridae found across Asia. Reddish or ochre in overall colour it has dark legs and bluish black antennae. A dark bluish black stripe is present along the central line of the head. The pronotum sometimes has two black spots on the front margin and sometimes has eight spots. The scutellum has eight or six black spots of variable size but with yellowish borders.
 Rodney 'Rod' L. Whittemore is an American politician and businessperson from Maine. Thomas is a Republican State Senator from Maine's 26th District representing all of Somerset County including the population centers of Fairfield and Skowhegan. He was born and raised in Skowhegan and owns a small business selling and servicing outdoor power equipment. He also spent 6 years in the six years in the Army National Guard.
 Mount Hakkyō (八経ヶ岳 Hakkyō-ga-take) is a 1914.6 m (6281 ft) mountain of Omine Mountains which is located on the border of Tenkawa and Kamikitayama Yoshino District Nara Prefecture Japan.
 The Willow Ghost Moth (Sthenopis thule) is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It was described by Strecker in 1875 and is known from Canada and the United States including Ontario Quebec and Saskatchewan.The food plant for this species is Salix. They bore in the roots of their host plant. The life cycle probably takes two years to complete.
 Hanna Beata Gronkiewicz-Waltz (Polish pronunciation: [ˈxanna ɡrɔnˈkʲevʲit͡ʂ ˈvalt͡s] born 4 November 1952 in Warsaw) is a Polish liberal-conservative politician who has been the Mayor of Warsaw since 2 December 2006. She is the first woman to hold this position.Between 1992 and 2000 she was the Chairman of the National Bank of Poland the central bank of Poland.
 The Cathedral of St. John the Baptist is located in the city of St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. This parish in the Diocese of Eastern Newfoundland and Labrador was founded in 1699 in response to a petition drafted by the Anglican townsfolk of St. John's and sent to the Bishop of London the Rt. Rev. Henry Compton.
 Barbara Brown's titi (Callicebus barbarabrownae) is a species of titi a type of New World monkey. This critically endangered species is endemic to the Caatinga in northeastern Brazil and it is estimated that less than 250 mature individuals remain.
 Dororon Enma-kun (ドロロンえん魔くん Dororon Enma-kun) also known as Satanikus! is a Japanese horror-comedy anime and manga series created by Go Nagai. It's one of Nagai's most famous works in Japan although not very well known in the rest of the world. In 2006 it would get a sequel/remake in Demon Prince Enma which drops the comedy and becomes a full-fledged suspense-horror series. After the OVA was released another manga version was released called Satanikus ENMA Kerberos by Eiji Toriyama.
 Pherechoa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Low Fi is a 1992 EP by the band Stereolab. The first copies of the 10 pressing were on clear vinyl. The title of the final track Elektro (He Held the World in His Iron Grip) is taken from the cover of the comic book Tales of Suspense no. 13 (Jan. 1961).
 R.E.V.O. is the third studio album and first on a major record label by Canadian indie band Walk off the Earth. It was released on March 19 2013 through Columbia Records. It contains 9 original songs along with a cover of Gotye's Somebody That I Used to Know.R.E.V.O. is an acronym for the band's motto Realize Every Victory Outright.
 Pearl-Maiden: A Tale of the Fall of Jerusalem is a novel by H Rider Haggard.
 Perry Barr Reservoir is a covered drinking water reservoir in north Birmingham England.
 Danza III: The Series of Unfortunate Events is the third release by American extreme metal band The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza. The album was released July 6 2010 via Guy Kozowyk's Black Market Activities.
 Neumagen is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Eagle Peak is a 6955 feet (2120 m) mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska located in Chugach State Park in Anchorage Municipality. The peak is named after the Eagle River. On clear days the peak is visible from Anchorage.
 William Lorimer (April 27 1861 – September 13 1934) was a U.S. Representative from the State of Illinois. He subsequently served in the United States Senate and was known as the Blond Boss in Chicago. In 1912 however the Senate held Lorimer's election invalid due to the use of corrupt methods and practices including vote-buying.
 Wheeler House Complex is a historic home and commercial structures located at Leonardsville in Madison County New York. The complex consists of the Weheeler House and bank the carriage house and the Wheeler commercial block. The Wheeler House was built in 1874 and is a 2 1⁄2-story frame building with an engaged octagonal tower in the Italianate style.
 Misti also known as Putina or Wawa Putina (Guagua Putina)is a stratovolcano located in southern Peru near the city of Arequipa. With its seasonally snow-capped symmetrical cone Misti stands at 5822 metres (19101 ft) above sea level and lies between the mountain Chachani (6075 m or 19931 ft) and the volcano Pikchu Pikchu (5669 m or 18599 ft). Its last eruption was in 1985.
 Ozyptila strandi is a crab spider species found in Montenegro.
 Farewell Priory was a priory in Staffordshire England. It was founded at Farewell by Roger de Clinton Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry (1129 – 48). The nunnery was originally established as an abbey but was later recorded as a Benedictine priory. The priory was dissolved in 1527 and the income granted to Lichfield Cathedral to support their choristers. In 1550 the Dean and Chapter of Lichfield granted the lands of the former priory to William Lord Paget.
 The Bârsa Fierului River is a tributary of the Bârsa River in Romania.
 So Fresh: The Hits of Summer 2004 Plus the Best of 2003 is a compilation album featuring songs from various artists in many genres. Songs were picked from some of the most popular during the summer of 2003 plus a few most popular songs from 2004.
 The Andrew Carr Sr. House on 4th Ave. NW in Minot North Dakota was built in 1903. It was designed by William Zimmerman in Classical Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Mount Eddy is the highest summit in Trinity Mountains of the Klamath Mountains. This California mountain rises to an elevation of 9037 feet (2754 m) west of Mount Shasta City and the massive Mount Shasta volcano. The summit is the highest point in Trinity County the ninth most prominent peak in California and the highest summit west of Interstate 5 in the United States.
 The Tampa Bay Times previously named the St. Petersburg Times is an American newspaper published in St. Petersburg Florida. It is one of two major publications serving the Tampa Bay Area the other being The Tampa Tribune which the Times tops in both circulation and readership. The Times has won nine Pulitzer Prizes since 1964 and in 2009 won two in a single year for the first time in the paper's history.
 Annihilation is an album by the Brazilian death metal band Rebaelliun. It was released in 2001 by Hammerheart Records.
 St Peter's Church is an Anglican church in the town of Burnley Lancashire England. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn and the archdeaconry of Blackburn. The oldest part of the church the lower tower dates from the 15th century and there are several later additions and restorations. St Peter's has been designated a Grade II* listed building by English Heritage.
 Merimnetria maculaticornis is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is endemic to Hawaii.
 Ford Administration Building is a historic school located at Peekskill Westchester County New York. It was built in 1925 and is a two story I-shaped red brick building in the Colonial Revival style. It features a central portico with four Doric order columns. The slate covered hipped roof is topped by a cupola. It houses the 500-seat Ford Auditorium.
 Sir John Gage KG (28 October 1479 – 18 April 1556) was an English courtier during the Tudor period. He held a number of offices including Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster (1542–1547) Comptroller of the Household (1540–1547) Constable of the Tower (1540–1556) and Lord Chamberlain (1553–1556).
 Appikatla is a village in Guntur district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is on the main rail road between Vijayawada and Chennai. It is also on the main bus route of GBC (Guntur-Bapatla-Chirala) road.Appikatla has been known for Political Activism Fine Arts Literature and Sports. It is one of the villages in Guntur district where the importance of education was recognized very early (even before Independence). It is a farming community but a well educated one.
 Ship Breaker is a 2010 young adult novel by Paolo Bacigalupi set in a dystopian future. It was a finalist for the 2010 National Book Award for Young People's Literature and won the 2011 Michael L. Printz Award and the Locus Award for Best Young Adult Book. It was also a nominee for the 2010 Andre Norton Award for Young Adult Science Fiction and Fantasy and was listed on American Library Association's Young Adult Library Services Association list: 2011 Top Ten Best Fiction for Young Adults list.
 Halsbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Enoch Arden is a 1915 American short drama film directed by Christy Cabanne. It is based on the poem Enoch Arden by Tennyson. A print of the film exists at the George Eastman House Motion Picture Collection.
 Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam (Hindi: साहिब बीबी और ग़ुलाम; Urdu: صاحب بیبی اور غلام‎) is a 1962 Indian Hindi film produced by Guru Dutt and directed by Abrar Alvi. It is based on a Bengali novel Shaheb Bibi Golam by Bimal Mitra and is a look into the tragic fall of the haveli-dom and feudalism in Bengal during the British Raj.
 Charlie Chan's Courage (1934) is the fifth film in which Warner Oland played detective Charlie Chan. It is a remake of the 1927 silent film The Chinese Parrot; both are considered lost films.An audio recreation accompanied by still photographs from the original film is included as a special feature on some DVD collections.
 Pühi is a village in Kambja Parish Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
 The Do Meio River (Bahia Corrente River) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Shahrak-e Malek-e Ashtar (Persian: شهرك مالك اشتر‎ also Romanized as Shahrak-e Mālek-e Ashtar; also known as Mālek-e Ashtar) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District Seydun District Bagh-e Malek County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 174 in 34 families.
 Somonino [sɔmɔˈninɔ] (German: Somlin) is a village in Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Somonino. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Kartuzy and 30 km (19 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2206.
 Muhlenberg Regional Medical Center was a community-based acute care hospital in Plainfield New Jersey.
 Fivehead River (also known as the River Earn or Rag or Ragg River) flows through south Somerset England.It is named after the village of Fivehead near to two Sites of Special Scientific Interest at Fivehead Arable Fields and Fivehead Woods and Meadow.The source of the river is from various streams around Batten's Green and Ashill south west of Staple Fitzpaine and flows east past Hatch Beauchamp and Beercrocombe where it is joined by several small tributaries.
 Jessica D. Sferrazza is a member of the Reno City Council representing Ward 3 in Reno Nevada.She is currently serving her third term after being reelected in November 2008.
 Raphitoma pruinosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
 Tom Thumb and Little Red Riding Hood (Spanish: Caperucita y Pulgarcito contra los monstruos) is a 1962 Mexican film directed by Roberto Rodríguez. It is a sequel to two other imported films Little Red Riding Hood (1960) and Little Red Riding Hood and Friends (1961). The dubbed version of the film was theatrically released in United States by K. Gordon Murray in 1965. The film was also released on VHS by Something Weird Video in 2002.
 The Babysitter is a 1995 American thriller film directed by Guy Ferland and starring Alicia Silverstone based on the eponymous short story by Robert Coover in his collection Pricksongs and Descants (1969). The film was released direct-to-video in October 1995.
 Baseball America is a sports magazine which covers baseball at every level with a particular focus on up-and-coming players in high school college Japan and the minor leagues. It is currently published in the form of a bi-weekly newspaper five annual reference book titles a weekly podcast and a website. It also regularly produces lists of the top prospects in the sport and covers aspects of the game from a player-development point of view.
 Hotel Ground Zero (titled The 9/11 Hotel in the UK) is an American television documentary special that premiered on September 11 2009 on the History channel marking the eighth anniversary of the event. The program features the overshadowed story of the Marriott World Trade Center (3 WTC) on the day of the 2001 attacks resulting in its destruction caused by the collapse of the adjacent South Tower followed by the North Tower as told by people who had escaped from the hotel.
 Enigmavasum is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turbinellidae.
 Ołdaki-Magna Brok [ɔu̯ˈdaki ˈmaɡna ˈbrɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 (also known as The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Part 2) is a 1986 American horror dark comedy slasher film directed by Tobe Hooper. It is a sequel to the 1974 horror classic The Texas Chain Saw Massacre also directed and co-written by Hooper. It was written by L. M. Kit Carson and produced by Carson Yoram Globus Menahem Golan and Hooper.
 The New Almaden quicksilver mine in the Capitancillas range in Santa Clara County California United States is the oldest and most productive quicksilver (i.e. mercury) mine in the U.S. The site was known to the Ohlone Indians for its cinnabar long before a Mexican settler discovered the ores in 1820. By the time they were identified as mercury the mine was perfectly timed to supply the California Gold Rush. The mine ran intermittently after 1927 and eventually closed.
 The Great Divide is a historical novel by the Canadian writer Alan Sullivan which was first published in 1935. It was a breakthrough work for Sullivan and was very well received by critics. It depicts the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway in the Nineteenth Century.
 The Kungsbacka Fjord (Swedish: Kungsbackafjorden) is a fjord and a nature reserve in Halland County western Sweden. The fjord is about 10 km long. It is delimited to the west by the Onsala Peninsula and to the east by the parish of Fjärås.
 Kannukkul Nilavu (Tamil: கண்ணுக்குள் நிலவு; English: The Moon in my Eyes) is a 2000 Tamil language film directed by Fazil. The film features Vijay and Shalini in the leading roles while Raghuvaran Srividya Kaveri and Ponvannan play other supporting roles. The film opened in January 2000 to positive reviews but became a box office failure.
 Cover Up is a 1949 black-and-white mystery film written by and starring Dennis O'Keefe. O'Keefe is credited as screenwriter Jonathan Rix. The murder mystery takes place during the Christmas season.
 Dhruv Pratap Singh also known as Deepak Bhaiya (born August 4 1960) is an Indian politician from Madhya Pradesh India. At present he is the Chairman of Katni Development Authority Madhya Pradesh. He is the member of The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
 Chasseral Pass (German: Gestler) (el. 1502 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains lying west of the Chasseral. The pass is located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Neuchâtel (north side) and Bern (south side). It is traversed by a road connecting Saint-Imier and Nods both located in the Bernese Jura.
 The Road to Wellville is a 1993 novel by American author T. Coraghessan Boyle. Set in Battle Creek Michigan during the early days of breakfast cereals the story includes a historical fictionalization of John Harvey Kellogg the inventor of corn flakes.The title comes from an actual booklet called The Road to Wellville written by C. W. Post a former patient at the sanitarium who was inspired by his diet there to found his own cereal business.
 Don't Blame Me is a 1995 solo guitar album Marc Ribot and released on the Japanese DIW label. It features several interpretations of jazz standards showtunes and modern jazz compositions as well as three improvisations by Ribot.
 Ocean Park (also known as Ocean Park Historic Buildings or Temple Square (0213750228) or Chautauqua-By-The-Sea) is an unincorporated community in the town of Old Orchard Beach in York County Maine United States. A historic family style summer community affiliated with the Free Will Baptists the site is located on Temple Avenue on Saco Bay.
 Angel's Dance is a 1999 film written and directed by David L. Corley and produced by David Bixler. The film stars James Belushi Sheryl Lee and Kyle Chandler.
 For the novel by John Grisham see The Racketeer (novel)The Racketeer is a 1929 American drama film directed by Howard Higgin.The film is also known as Love's Conquest in the United Kingdom. It tells the tale of some members of the criminal class in 1920s America and in particular one man and one woman's attempts to help him. Gossip columnist Hedda Hopper appears in a minor role. The film is one of the early talkies and as a result dialogue is very sparse.
 H. Reuben Cohen CC ONB QC (born July 11 1921) is a Canadian businessman lawyer and the third Chancellor of Dalhousie University.Born in Moncton New Brunswick he received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Dalhousie University in 1942 and a Bachelor of Law degree from the Dalhousie Law School in 1944.
 Joseph M. Hogan (born August 10 1937 in Fort Dodge Iowa) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly since February 1 2005 representing District 10.
 Killer in the Rain refers to a collection of short stories including the eponymous title story written by hard-boiled detective fiction author Raymond Chandler.The collection features eight short stories originally published in pulp magazines between 1935 and 1941. At Chandler's request the stories remained uncollected during his lifetime and save for three which were reprinted without his express permission were not republished until 1964.
 Exilisia variegata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Toulgoët in 1972. It is found on the Comoros and Madagascar.
 Casa de Brinquedos is a 1983 album by Toquinho for children. It counts with the coloboration of Mutinho for compositions and the participation of various artist like Tom Zé Chico Buarque Moraes Moreira and Baby Consuelo. All the arrangements were elaborated by Rogério Duprat.
 The 120 Days of Sodom or the School of Libertinism (Les 120 journées de Sodome ou l'école du libertinage) is a novel by the French writer and nobleman Donatien Alphonse François Marquis de Sade. Described as both pornographic and erotic it was written in 1785. It tells the story of four wealthy male libertines who resolve to experience the ultimate sexual gratification in orgies.
 Alice and The Lost Novel is a 1929 novel by American author Sherwood Anderson. The book was first published in a limited edition of 530 copies by London publisher Elkin Mathews and Marrot. It consists of two autobiographical pieces.
 Arkansas Traveler is an alternative folk album released by American singer-songwriter Michelle Shocked in 1992. Her fourth album for Mercury Records the songs focused around the roots of her music. The album included collaborations with several other artists including Taj Mahal Alison Krauss and Norman Blake. Jack Irons plays drums at the beginning of track 6.
 Rude Awakening is Prong's fifth album. Rude Awakening is an enhanced CD. It was also released as a special limited edition on 12 red vinyl. The album was reissued in 2008 as a digipack version featuring four remixes of the Rude Awakening single and a new booklet.Victor appears on the Argyle Park album Misguided on the track Doomsayer. The song shares some of the same guitar riffs as the song Controller.
 Narivaran-e Gharbi (Persian: ناريوران غربي‎ also Romanized as Nārīvarān-e Gharbī; also known as Nārīvarān) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 390 in 96 families.
 George Peabody Wetmore (August 2 1846 – September 11 1921) was the 37th Governor and a United States Senator from Rhode Island.
 Boku wo Tsutsumu Tsuki no Hikari (ボクを包む月の光 Embraced by the Moonlight) is an ongoing science fiction manga series by Saki Hiwatari. It is published by Hakusensha in the monthly manga magazine Bessatsu Hana to Yume and has been collected in eleven tankōbon volumes as of June 2012. It is a sequel to Hiwatari's previous work Please Save My Earth and features the two focus characters of that series Alice Sakaguchi (now Kobayashi) and Rin Kobayashi.
 The Coasta Benghii River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Walking on a Rainbow is a debut album by group Blue System released on November 2 1987.Sorry Little Sarah is the only single released from this album.
 Robert John Pearce (born 24 February 1946) was an Australian politician and a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 1977 until 1993 representing the seats of Gosnells and Armadale.
 Il Contratto (also known as 'The Contract') is a 1953 Australian film from Giorgio Mangiamele and Italian migrants in Australia.
 The Main Street Bridge in Stamford Connecticut carries Main Street over the Rippowam River (also known as Mill River). It was built in 1888. It was designed and manufactured by the Berlin Iron Bridge Company.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.By 1981 it was Connecticut's only wrought-iron lenticular truss remaining on a major artery in an urban center and one of only 17 pony truss bridges in the state.
 Elemér Gergátz (born 6 May 1942) is a Hungarian vet and former politician who served as Minister of Agriculture between 1991 and 1993.During his ministership he tried to compensate farmers and agrarian workers as a result subdivided land structure formed which the main cause of difficulties of the Hungarian agriculture. The coalition between the Hungarian Democratic Forum (MDF) and the Independent Smallholders Agrarian Workers and Civic Party broke up in 1992.
 Phil Cavanagh is a Member of the Michigan House of Representatives from the 17th district. He is the son of Jerome Cavanagh who was Mayor of Detroit from 1962-1970
 Saphenista livida is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Durango).
 James Lowry Jr. (1820 – July 20 1876) was Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1864 to 1866.
 Cochylis mystes is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).
 Edward T. Norris (b. April 10 1960) is an American radio host and former law enforcement officer in Maryland. He is the cohost of a talk show on WJZ-FM (105.7 The Fan) in Baltimore Maryland. Norris a 20-year veteran of the New York Police Department served as Police Commissioner for Baltimore from 2000 to late 2002 and Superintendent of the Maryland State Police in 2003. Norris was later convicted of a felony and spent six months in federal prison.
 Florida Hospital Lake Placid located just north of Lake Placid Florida serves southern Highlands County Florida. It is on the west side of U.S. Highway 27; its street address is: 1210 US 27 North Lake Placid Florida 33852. All Florida Hospital locations are part of the Seventh-Day Adventist Church. Lake Placid Health Care Center is just west of the hospital and hospital property is bordered on the southwest by the Tomoka Heights retirement residential community.
 The Year's Best Science Fiction: Ninth Annual Collection is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 1992. It is the 9th in The Year's Best Science Fiction series and won the Locus Award for best anthology.
 Laughed Last is the debut CD of American singer-songwriter Lili Añel on the Palmetto Records label.
 József Madarász de Kisfalud (27 August 1814 – 31 January 1915) was a Hungarian lawyer and politician who served as Speaker of the House of Representatives between 1898 and 1899. He functioned as an emissary in the Hungarian Diet of 1832-1836. Later he served as Member of Parliament from 1848 to 1915 his death (except the period between 1848 and 1867 when the National Assembly was not convened).
 The White-necked Puffbird (Notharchus hyperrhynchus) is a species of puffbird in the Bucconidae family.It is found in forest and woodland from southern Mexico through Central America to the Chocó northern Colombia (including Magdalena Valley) northern Venezuela and the western and southern Amazon Basin.It was formerly considered a subspecies of N. macrorhynchos but under the common name White-necked Puffbird. The two differ markedly in bill-size (N. hyperrhynchus larger-billed than N.
 The Old Courthouse at 1207 Caldwell St. in Newberry South Carolina was built in 1852. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Rich Man Poor Man is a lost 1918 silent film romantic drama starring Marguerite Clark and directed by J. Searle Dawley. It is based on a 1916 Broadway play by George Broadhurst. Famous Players-Lasky produced and Paramount Pictures distributed.
 Mary Kuper Kay Papen (born 1932) is a Democratic member of the New Mexico Senate representing the 38th District since 2001. She is the current President pro tempore of the Senate being sworn in on January 15 2013.
 Interfaces is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal about operations research that was established by The Institute of Management Sciences now part of the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences. The institute describes Interfaces as improving the practical application of OR/MS to decisions and policies in today's organizations and industries. Each article provides details of the completed application along with the results and impact on the organization.
 Khvoshcharu (Persian: خوش چرو‎ also Romanized as Khvoshcharū; also known as Khvoshcharān) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Zobida bipuncta is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Morocco and the southern part of the Iberian Peninsula.
 Arthur Mastick Hyde (July 12 1877 – October 17 1947) was an American Republican politician who served as the 35th Governor of Missouri from 1921 to 1925 and as the United States Secretary of Agriculture for President Herbert Hoover from 1929 to 1933.
 The Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue is published annually by American Sports Illustrated magazine. The cover photograph features fashion models wearing swimwear in exotic locales. All models featured on the cover of the swimsuit issue in the magazine's history have been women. According to some the magazine is the arbiter of supermodel succession. The swimsuit issue of the magazine carries advertising that in 2005 amounted to US$35 million in value.
 Blood on the Flat Track: The Rise of the Rat City Rollergirls is a documentary film produced and directed by Lainy Bagwell and Lacey Leavitt. The film documents the formative years of the Seattle women's flat track roller derby league the Rat City Rollergirls.
 The Odverem River is a tributary of the Hopârta River in Romania.
 Atique Ahmed (born 10 August 1962) is an Indian criminal-politician belonging to the Samajwadi Party. In 2004-2009 he was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha from the Phulpur (Lok Sabha Constituency) in Uttar Pradesh.He is currently facing trial in 35 criminal cases including several cases of murder
 Pandit Rajaram Shukl Kisan (1917 – 17 December 2013) also known as Rajaram Kisan was an Indian Independence activist and politician who belongs to the Indian National Congress Party. He was elected MLA in 1952 and was member of the first state Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly (Vidhan Sabha) which had its term from 1952 to 1957.On 17 December 2013 Rajaram died at Deum Lalganj Ajhara.
 So Much for So Little is a 1949 American short documentary film directed by Chuck Jones. It won an Academy Award in 1950 for Documentary Short Subject tying with A Chance to Live. As a work of the United States Government the film is in the public domain.
 Vremya reka (Russian: Время Река) is an album by Dima Bilan released in 2006.
 The Best of the Pointer Sisters is the first compilation album released by the Pointer Sisters on the ABC/Blue Thumb record label in July 1976. It includes their biggest hits up to that point such as Yes We Can Can Fairytale and How Long. The album also included the new single You Gotta Believe which was produced by Norman Whitfield and featured in the 1976 film Car Wash and on its soundtrack.
 Hans Putmans (died 1656) was a Dutch explorer.
 Alexandra Peak is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 36 km (22 mi) southwest of Gold River and 8 km (5 mi) northwest of Mount Albert Edward.Alexandra Peak is a member of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Paulin Sterkaj is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania. Sterkaj moved to the Socialist Party of Albania.
 The Kid from Left Field is a 1953 baseball film starring Dan Dailey Anne Bancroft and Billy Chapin. The film marked the reunion of Dailey and director Harmon Jones who had teamed up at 20th Century Fox a year earlier in another baseball film the biographical The Pride of St. Louis.The film was remade for television in 1979 starring Gary Coleman Gary Collins and Robert Guillaume.
 Trust is a 1990 American dark romantic comedy starring Adrienne Shelly and Martin Donovan. It is the second feature film from writer-director Hal Hartley.
 George Grenfell Glyn 2nd Baron Wolverton PC (10 February 1824 – 6 November 1887) was a British Liberal politician. He held office in three of the Liberal administrations of William Ewart Gladstone.
 Cahoots is the fourth studio album by Canadian/American rock group The Band released in 1971 and was their last all-original studio album for four years. It received only mixed reviews when it first appeared. Robbie Robertson wrote or co-wrote all but one of the album tracks Bob Dylan's When I Paint My Masterpiece. Robertson's occasional co-writers include Danko and Helm on Life is a Carnival and Van Morrison on 4% Pantomime.
 The Mayfair Set is a series of programmes produced by Adam Curtis for the BBC first broadcast in the summer of 1999 on July 18th.The programme looked at how buccaneer capitalists of hot money were allowed to shape the climate of the Thatcher years focusing on the rise of Colonel David Stirling Jim Slater James Goldsmith and Tiny Rowland all members of London's Clermont Club in the 1960s. It received the BAFTA Award for Best Factual Series or Strand in 2000.
 Trzęśniew [ˈtʂɛ̃ɕɲɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościelec within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. Trzęśniew lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Kościelec 10 km (6 mi) west of Koło and 111 km (69 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 280.
 Professor Christopher Harvie (born 21 September 1944 Motherwell) is a Scottish historian and a Scottish National Party politician. He was a Member of the Scottish Parliament for Mid Scotland and Fife from 2007 to 2011. Before his election he was Professor of British and Irish Studies at the University of Tübingen Germany.
 Nelson Lake Hants is a lake of East Hants in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Not to be confused with Metallica's Master of Puppets.The Puppet Master is an album by King Diamond released in 2003. A limited edition includes a DVD on which King Diamond is telling the story of The Puppet Master.
 Euderces is a genus of cerambycid beetles.Many members of this New World genus are ant mimics. E. velutinus is a tropical species closely resembling the common ant species Camponotus sericeiventris. Most species are smaller than 5 mm.
 Giuseppe Cossiga (born October 30 1963) is an Italian politician member of the Forza Italia party (The People of Freedom PdL). He became Undersecretary of State for Defence in the cabinet of Silvio Berlusconi on May 12 2008.He is the son of the former Italian Prime Minister and former President of the Italian Republic Francesco Cossiga.
 Edgerton L. Henry known as Bubba Henry (born February 10 1936) is a Baton Rouge attorney lobbyist and partner of the high-powered firm Adams and Reese who served as a Democrat in the House of Representatives from 1968 to 1980. He was Speaker from 1972 to 1980. Henry was Governor Edwin Washington Edwards's choice for Speaker. Though he was considered reform-minded some conservatives still questioned Henry's commitment to reform.
 Pao turgidus is a species of freshwater pufferfish native to the Mekong basin (Cambodia Laos Thailand Vietnam). It may also occur in the Chao Phraya basin in Thailand. This species grows to a length of 18.5 centimetres (7.3 in) SL.These pufferfish are toxic like many other pufferfishes. In Cambodia poisonings caused by eating pufferfish caught from lakes and rivers are common and sometimes result in fatalities.
 Sophie Amalienborg was a pleasure palace roughly located where Amalienborg stands today in Copenhagen Denmark. It was built by Queen Consort Sophie Amalie who lived there until her death in 1685 after her husband King Frederick III died a few years prior to its completion.It burnt down to the ground on 19 April 1689 in a fire which caused many casualties. A second Sophie Amalienborg was built at the site but demolished to make room for the development of Frederiksstaden
 Leo C. Berman (born October 21 1935) is a retired businessman and military officer who is a departing Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 6 (Smith County). He was first elected to this seat in November 1998. In January 2011 Berman announced a challenge to Speaker Joe Straus of San Antonio for the presiding officer's position but subsequently withdrew from the race.
 Outbound is the eighth album by Béla Fleck and the Flecktones released in 2000. It is the band's first album on the Sony/Columbia label. The album won Best Contemporary Jazz Album at the 43rd Annual Grammy Awards.Special guests include Jon Anderson Adrian Belew Sandip Burman Shawn Colvin and Edgar Meyer.
 Bosom Friends is a 1934 American short film produced by E. W. Hammons. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 7th Academy Awards in 1934 for Best Short Subject (Novelty).
 The Moto Guzzi Museum is a transport museum in Mandello del Lario Italy. The collection includes a number of important Moto Guzzi street motorcycles and motorcycle racing machines as well as examples of rare engines like the Moto Guzzi V8. A section of the museum is devoted to historic Guzzi racer Bill Lomas.
 Transit Visa is a novel set in 1942 by Anna Seghers.The protagonist travels from Paris after the German invasion to unoccupied Marseilles. The visas and paperwork to flee become a matter of life and death.
 Sándor Ernszt (21 April 1870 – 19 November 1938) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Religion and Education in 1931. He also served as Minister of Welfare and Labour from 1930.
 Alien Nation is a 1988 American science fiction film directed by Graham Baker. The ensemble cast features James Caan Mandy Patinkin and Terence Stamp. The film depicts the assimilation of the Newcomers an alien race settling in Los Angeles much to the dismay of the local population.
 Children of Sorrow is a 2012 horror movie that was directed by Jourdan McClure and part of the After Dark Originals series. The movie had its world release on October 6 2012 at the Sacramento Horror Film Festival and was released to DVD on March 4 2014 through Lionsgate Home Entertainment. The film stars Bill Oberst Jr. as a twisted cult leader.
 The Magician King is a fantasy novel by Lev Grossman published in 2011 by Viking Press the sequel to The Magicians. It continues the story of Quentin Coldwater interweaving it with the story of his high school crush Julia who learned magic outside of the standard school setting and joined him in Fillory.
 Screaming Life is the debut EP by the American rock band Soundgarden released in October 1987 through Sub Pop Records. Screaming Life was later combined with the band's next EP Fopp (1988) and released as the Screaming Life/Fopp compilation album in 1990.
 Ken William Cooley (born March 7 1955) is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly. He is a Democrat representing the 8th district encompassing most of eastern Sacramento County.
 Bannerman's Turaco (Tauraco bannermani) is a species of bird in the Musophagidae family. It is endemic to Cameroon. In French it is known as touraco de Bannerman or touraco doré. Its scientific and common names honor the ornithologist David Armitage Bannerman.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Kalvaria Povazska Bystrica is a system of buildings which depicts the journey and stops of Jesus Christ until his entombment. It is commonly built all around the world.[citation needed] Kalvaria Povazska Bystrica in Povazska Bystrica was built in 1805 but because of the Communist regime in Slovakia until 1989 the condition of monument is bad.
 Strength Through Pain is the first full length album by the American street punk band Monster Squad published by Charged Records in 2004.
 To Live Again is also a novel by Lurlene McDaniel in the Dawn Rochelle quintet.To Live Again is a 1969 science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg.
 The First Presbyterian Church at 304 S. Center St. in Lonoke Arkansas was built in 1919. It was designed by architect John Parks Almand in Tudor Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Enter k is an album by Peter Hammill originally released on the Naive Records label in Oct 1982. The label was owned and operated by Gordian Troeller the former manager of Hammill's band Van der Graaf Generator that had found success managing Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (which Hammill has said must have been a blessed relief after the VdGG years).
 Kurenai no tsubasa (紅の翼 lit. Crimson Wings) is a 1958 black and white Japanese film directed by Kō Nakahira.
 Otter Hole is perhaps one of the best decorated caves in Britain. Located on the English Welsh border just north of Chepstow the cave runs from the banks of the tidal River Wye under the Chepstow Racecourse and onwards through various chambers each rich with cave formations. Due to its importance as one of the finest examples of decorated caverns in Europe access is restricted managed by the Royal Forest of Dean Caving Club on behalf of the landowner.
 Acheilognathus taenianalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Acheilognathus.
 The Pointe des Grands is a mountain of the Mont Blanc Massif located on the border between France and Switzerland north-west of the Aiguille du Tour.The mountain overlooks the Glacier des Grands on its (Swiss) northern side.
 More Jack than God is a Jack Bruce studio album produced 2003 by Kip Hanrahan. It was Bruce's second Kip Hanrahan-produced album.
 Shabankareh (Persian: شبان كاره‎ also Romanized as Shabānkāreh) is a village in Quri Qaleh Rural District Shahu District Ravansar County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 394 in 81 families.
 Robert Hunter Morris (February 15 1808 in New York – October 24 1855 in New York) was an attorney and the 64th Mayor of New York City.
 Scopula guancharia is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found on the Canary Islands.The wingspan is 23-24 mm. Adults are on wing nearly year round.The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants including Calendula species.
 Failures is a 2003 film directed by Tim Hunter. It stars Ashley Johnson and Chad Lindberg. It won three awards in 2003 and 2004.
 Małżewo [mau̯ˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Tczew and 32 km (20 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 222.
 Paraduba is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The members (species) of this genus are found in New Guinea (Australasian ecozone).
 Triumphant Return is the third album from the Christian metal band Whitecross released on January 31 1989. It reached No. 13 on Billboard's Top Contemporary Christian Albums chart. The album won the 1990 Dove Award for Hard Music Album of the Year.
 Mons Ardeshir is one of the mountains on the Moon. Its diameter is 8 km. In 1976 it was named after the Persian king Ardashir I.Coordinates: 5.0°N 121.0°E﻿ / 5.0; 121.0
 John Anthony McCarthy QC KCSG (born 20 October 1947 in Parkes New South Wales) became Australian Ambassador to the Holy See in 2012. Prior to his ambassadorial appointment he was a Queens Counsel at the NSW Bar and a barrister in Sydney.
 Devil's Canyon is the eighth studio album by American southern rock band Molly Hatchet released in 1996 (see 1996 in music). The album was recorded seven years after Lightning Strikes Twice with only Danny Joe Brown of the original line-up. During the recording of the album Brown was forced to retire because of his precarious health condition and was replaced by Phil McCormack who completed the vocal tracks.The album cover was painted by British artist Paul Raymond Gregory.
 Eleutherodactylus acmonis is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Peetrimõisa is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It has a population of 199 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Trischalis purpurastriata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Vos and van Mastrigt in 2007. It is found in Papua.
 Neeme Saare County is a village in Kihelkonna Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Kahnan Kash-e Bala (Persian: کهنان کش بالا‎ also Romanized as Kahnān Kash-e Bālā) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District Dashtiari District Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 138 in 27 families.
 The Aavoja is a 23 km (14 mi) long river in Anija Parish Harju County Estonia. Its source is near Pillapalu. It flows generally west. Aavoja is a right tributary of the Jägala into which it flows near the town of Kehra in Ülejõe village. The basin area of Aavoja is 56.7 km².
 500 Boylston Street is a 1.3 million square foot Post-Modern building located in the Back Bay section of Boston and part of the city's High Spine completed in 1989. It sits next to the landmark Trinity Church Boston. It dominates the western half of the city block bounded by Boylston Clarendon and Berkeley streets and St. James Avenue.
 Pumila novaceki is an extinct iguanid that lived in what is now Palm Springs California from the Blancan to Irvingtonian stages of the Pliocene to Early Pleistocene.It is currently known from a partially crushed skull. Features of the skull show both basal iguanian features and characters very similar to the extant Iguana suggesting that the living animal may have resembled a juvenile Green iguana.
 Tail o’ the Pup was an iconic Los Angeles California hot dog stand actually shaped like a hot dog. Built in 1946 the small walk-up stand has been noted as a prime example of “mimetic”-type novelty architecture. It was one of the very last surviving mid-20th century buildings that were built in the shapes of the products they sold.
 Bucculatrix parvinotata is a moth in the Bucculatricidae family. It is found in North America where it has been recorded from Arizona and New Mexico.The wingspan is 11 mm. The forewings are white with black scales. The hindwings are ocherous tinged. Adults have been recorded on wing in July.
 The Var (Latin Varus) is a river located in the southeast of France. The name Var originates from the Ligurian word for waterway.[citation needed]The Var flows through the Alpes-Maritimes département for most of its length with a short (~15 km or ~9 mi) stretch in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence département.
 Contempora House is a historic home located at New City in Rockland County New York. It is a Streamline Moderne style dwelling built in 1934-1935. The property consists of the main house with detached studio. The buildings are constructed of concrete and cinderblock with steel and wood framing and a stucco exterior. It was designed by noted architect and planner Paul Lester Wiener (1895–1967).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Samuel Beach Axtell (October 14 1819 – August 7 1891). Notable for being the most controversial Chief Justice of the New Mexico Territorial Supreme Court; corrupted administration as Governor of New Mexico; brief tenure as Governor of Utah; and two term Congressman from California.
 John Thynne 3rd Baron Carteret PC (28 December 1772 – 10 March 1849) known as Lord John Thynne between 1789 and 1838 was a British peer and politician.
 Bunshinsaba (Chinese title: 筆仙) is a 2012 Chinese horror film directed by Ahn Byeong-ki. The film has the same title as Ahn Byeong-ki 2004 film Bunshinsaba but contains an unrelated plot. The film is set in Beijing where Xiao Ai (Mei Ting) has her horror novel rejected by her patient publisherfinds out her ex-husband Qi Kun (Wu Chao) has been released from prison and is looking for Xiao Ai and her asthmatic son Xiao Xin (Zhu Jiangdi).
 A Little Thing Called Murder is a 2006 drama television film starring Judy Davis and Jonathan Jackson and directed by Richard Benjamin.Made by Stonemade Entertainment for Lifetime TV the film was based on a true story of convicted murderer Sante Kimes as told in the book Dead End by reporter Jeanne King. A 2001 made-for-TV film about Kimes called Like Mother Like Son starred Mary Tyler Moore.
 Kenmure also known as the William Lamb House is a historic home located at Norfolk Virginia. It was built in 1845 and is a three-story three-bay Greek Revival style brick town house. It was expanded to its three-story height in 1855. It features a central one-bay dwarf portico and a low hipped roof topped by a three-bay cupola.
 The Government House in New York built in 1790 by the state was intended to be the executive mansion for President George Washington but he never occupied it. Before it was completed the federal government moved temporarily to Philadelphia Pennsylvania; then permanently to Washington D.C. It then became the state governor’s residence and was used by George Clinton and John Jay. Later it was leased to John Avery and was known as the Elysian Boarding House.
 Hadley Bay is an Arctic waterway in the Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in western Viscount Melville Sound by northern Victoria Island. It is east of Wynniatt Bay and 250 km (160 mi) north of the community of Cambridge Bay.
 Feustmann Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built in 1923 and is a two story gambrel roofed wood frame residence with shed dormers in the front and back. It features three cure porches and is in the Colonial Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Judith Judy Kaczmarczyk Nerat (August 12 1948 – December 23 2012) was a Democratic politician and member of the Michigan State House of Representatives. Nerat was elected to represent the 108th State House District on November 4 2008. The 108th District is located in the Upper Peninsula and includes all of Delta Dickinson and Menominee Counties. Nerat previously ran for the same seat in 2006 losing to then incumbent Representative Tom Casperson.
 Malcolm Newton Shepherd 2nd Baron Shepherd (Hereditary) and also Baron Shepherd of Spalding (Life Peerage) (27 September 1918 – 5 April 2001) was a British Labour politician and peer who served as Leader of the House of Lords under Harold Wilson and James Callaghan and member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom.Shepherd was the son of the Labour politician George Shepherd 1st Baron Shepherd.
 Biology and Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles about philosophy of biology. The journal was founded by Michael Ruse in 1986. and is currently edited by Kim Sterelny. It is published by Springer.
 Wodźki [ˈvɔt͡ɕki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The Dillon Memorial is located in LeClaire Park near downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 1993. It is commonly referred to as the Dillon Fountain.
 Phasianella nivosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae.
 Trends is a series of scientific journals owned by Elsevier that publish review articles in a range of areas of biology. They are currently part of Elsevier's Cell Press group of journals.The Trends series was founded in 1976 with Trends in Biochemical Sciences (TIBS) rapidly followed by Trends in Neurosciences (TINS) Trends in Pharmacological Sciences (TIPS) and Immunology Today.
 Grzybów [ˈɡʐɨbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Staszów and 52 km (32 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 228.
 Khesht Masjed (Persian: خشت مسجد‎ also Romanized as Khashty-Mechet’) is a village in Pasikhan Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2468 in 644 families.
 Alain Therrien is a Canadian politician. He is a member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Sanguinet first elected in the 2012 election.
 Banneker Recreation Center is an historic structure located in the Columbia Heights neighborhood of Washington D.C. The building was built in 1934 and was named for Benjamin Banneker a free African American who assisted in the survey of boundaries of the original District of Columba in 1791. It was known as a premier African American recreation center in the city.
 Lake Lucerne is located near Crandon in Forest County Wisconsin United States. There is a boat landing on the southeast shore of the lake and a restaurant (Waters Edge) on the west shore. This restaurant performs a water ski show during the summer months. Summer homes and cottages surround the lake. There is a large uninterrupted stretch of water on the north half of the lake.
 Below Radar is an EP released independently by Helen Stellar in 2003. IO (this time around) the second track on the EP features in the Cameron Crowe film Elizabethtown. It also appears on the soundtracks for Henry Poole is Here (2008) and Love Happens (2009). Flutterby appeared in episode 102 of the television show Friday Night Lights.
 Béla Szombati (born 1955) is a former Hungarian Ambassador to the United States.
 Albertów [alˈbɛrtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turek within Turek County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Turek and 110 km (68 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 137.
 Shina Dark: Kuroki Tsuki no Ō to Sōheki no Himegimi (シャイナ・ダルク 〜黒き月の王と蒼碧の月の姫君〜 Shaina Daruku lit. Shina Dark ~King of Dark Moon and Blue Moon's Princess~) is a Japanese fantasy and comedy manga series written by Bunjūrō Nakayama and drawn by Yukari Higa.
 The Polish Church of St. Adalbert is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at East 156 Street west of Elton Avenue since 1899 in Melrose Bronx New York City.
 The Yacht Club Tower is a skyscraper of 57 floors and 215 meters high located on Avenida Balboa Panama City. He was in charge of the firm of architects Panamanian Mallol & Mallol. As its name suggests the concept of this building is that of a boat the plants have the shape of a yacht looking towards the sea. The auction culminates in a building shaped tip coated glass knife. Its construction was completed in 2011.Now is one of the tallest skyscrapers of Avenida Balboa.
 Melvin Live is the first live album by Juno Award winning Canadian singer-songwriter Melanie Doane. It was recorded at the Horseshoe Tavern in Toronto in January 2001.
 Albara reversaria is a moth of the Drepanidae family. It is found in Sumatra Borneo Peninsular Malaysia the north-eastern parts of the Himalaya and Taiwan.The larvae feed on Myrica species as well as the leaves of Quercus variabilis. Mature larvae fix their body to the base of a leaf with silk and curve the leaf margins where pupation takes place.
 Stare Olszyny [ˈstarɛ ɔlˈʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Załuski within Płońsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Nephelomys meridensis also known as the Mérida Oryzomys is a species of rodent in the genus Nephelomys of family Cricetidae. It is found in cloud forest in the Sierra Nevada de Mérida of western Venezuela at elevations from 1500 to 3250 m. It is solitary nocturnal and terrestrial and has a varied diet.N. meridensis has thick fur which is about 11 mm long at the back. The color of the upperparts is rufous with brown on the head and becomes lighter towards the sides.
 Grey is a Japanese science fiction manga created by Yoshihisa Tagami that was published in the 1980s. It was also turned into an anime under the title Grey: Digital Target.
 State of Siege is also the name of a thriller by Eric Ambler.State of Siege (French title: État de Siège) is a 1972 French film directed by Costa Gavras starring Yves Montand and Renato Salvatori.
 Laudach is a river in the Austrian state of Upper Austria. With the outer Laudach the river reaches a length of something over 20 km (12 mi). The Laudach is a left and the main tributary of the Alm.The longer äußere (outer) Laudach is the output of the Laudachsee in Gmunden. It passes the city areas of Sankt Konrad Gschwandt Kirchham and Vorchdorf from the south.The smaller tributary the innere or dürre (inner) Laudach has its source in the municipality of Kirchham.
 The Liar (Italian: Il bugiardo) is a comedy by Carlo Goldoni. It was written as part of Goldoni's fulfilment of a boast that he had inserted into the epilogue to one of his plays that for the next season he would write sixteen comedies. The Liar along with the fifteen other comedies was staged in the 1750-51 season at the Teatro Sant' Angelo in Venice. It draws on commedia dell'arte conventions and stock characters.
 Gangoobai is 2013 Bollywood drama film produced by the National Film Development Corporation of India and directed by Priya Krishnaswamy. It stars Sarita Joshi in the lead role as Gangoobai.The story is about an elderly maid servant who works hard to achieve her dream of an extremely expensive Gara sari and changes the lives of people she interacts with while in Mumbai to buy the sari.
 Shanghai 1937 (also released as Hotel Shanghai) is a 1997 Austrian drama film directed by Peter Patzak. It was entered into the 20th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Ptaki [ˈptaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 South Dakota Magazine is a bi-monthly magazine publication that explores the culture events history characters landscape and communities of South Dakota. Bernie Hunhoff founded the magazine in 1985 after several years in the newspaper business and his daughter Katie is currently the managing editor.
 Walk a Mile in My Shoes: The Essential '70s Masters is a box set five-disc compilation of the recorded work of Elvis Presley during the decade of the 1970s released in 1995 RCA 66670-2. In its initial format as a long box issue it included a set of collectable stamps duplicating record jackets from every LP release on RCA Records corresponding to the selections here.
 Vrtište is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.
 The Toledo Hospital is a public hospital in Toledo Ohio that is part of the ProMedica Health System. This level I trauma center is the biggest acute care location in the area with at least 4000 health care professionals 1100 of which being specialty and primary care physicians caring for patients in any of the 774 beds.
 Ajay Rai is an Indian politician who is a five-time MLA from Uttar Pradesh. A local strongman in the Varanasi area Rai began his political career as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party's student wing. He won the Legislative Assembly elections from the Kolasla constituency three times in a row between 1996 and 2007 on a BJP ticket. He left the party after being denied a Lok Sabha ticket. He then joiined the Samajwadi Party and unsuccessfully contested the 2009 Lok Sabha elections.
 Zawada [zaˈvada] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec within Nowe Miasto County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Biskupiec 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 77 km (48 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Aeshi Khalfan Hilaly (born 12 December 1973) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Sumbawanga Town constituency since 2010.
 Tusk is the 12th album by the British/American rock band Fleetwood Mac. Released in 1979 it is considered experimental primarily due to Lindsey Buckingham's sparser songwriting arrangements and the influence of punk rock and New Wave on his production techniques.
 Black Crater is a steep-sided shield volcano in the Cascade Range of central Oregon located north of the Three Sisters and east of McKenzie Pass. Ice Age glaciers carved a large cirque into the northern flank of the mountain and snow often lingers in its shady depths until late summer. A United States Forest Service fire lookout tower was built on the summit in 1925 but was eventually destroyed and only remnants of the foundation remain today.
 Thottilla is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1972.
 Viitasoo is a village in Hiiu Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Lochloosa is the second studio album by the Jacksonville Florida based band MOFRO. The album was inspired by Lochloosa Lake which embodies the natural part of the Florida heartland that the band often sings about in their songs.
 Paris Underground also known as Madame Pimpernel (1945) is a film directed by Gregory Ratoff and based on the book by Etta Shiber.The film stars Constance Bennett and Gracie Fields as an American and an Englishwoman trapped in Paris when Nazi Germany invades in 1940 who rescue British airmen shot down in France and help them escape across the English Channel.The film was nominated for Academy Award for Best Original Score for Alexandre Tansman's score (one of 21 nominations that year).
 Michael A. Sheehan (born February 10 1955) is a United States author and former government official and military officer. He was born in Red Bank New Jersey.
 Caeté River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 The Bhutan Textile Museum or the National Textile Museum is a national textiles museum in Thimphu Bhutan located near the National Library of Bhutan. It is operated by the National Commission for Cultural Affairs.
 The Riddle of the Wren is a Celtic fantasy novel written by Canadian author Charles de Lint. Published in 1984 by Ace Books it was de Lint's first novel. It was republished in 2002 by Firebird Fantasy an imprint of Penguin Group. The Riddle of the Wren is set in an alternate universe and is heavily influenced by the works of J. R. R. Tolkien particularly The Hobbit.
 Alphabetical is the second album by the French rock band Phoenix released in 2004. The album has sold 30000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan. The album has two singles; Everything Is Everything and Run Run Run.
 Nembrotha megalocera is a species of colourful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae. It was first described in 1990.
 Mawbima (lit. Motherland) is a weekly Sinhala language newspaper that publishes news letters articles and features related to Sri Lanka.
 Wincencin [vinˈt͡sɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin within Włodawa County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of Włodawa and 53 km (33 mi) east of the regional capital Lublin.
 The Halo 3 Original Soundtrack is the official soundtrack to Bungie's first-person shooter video game Halo 3. Most of the original music was composed by Martin O'Donnell and Michael Salvatori but also includes a bonus track LvUrFR3NZ which was the winning entry in a contest held before the soundtrack's release.
 The Face at the Window is a 1913 American short silent film drama. The film starred Earle Foxe Irene Boyle and Stuart Holmes in the lead roles.
 Young Forever is the debut album from Scottish indie band Aberfeldy. It was recorded in mono using one microphone and produced by Jim Sutherland.
 Acqua Fuori Dal Ring (English: Ring of Water] is 2012 Italian film written and directed by Joel Stangle and co-written by Esther Stangle in Arabic and Italian. The film uses a largely Cinéma vérité style and the director employed non-professional actors and an improvised script shooting in Catania Sicily. The film parallels the lives of two boxers living in Catania one a Sicilian native and the other a Tunisian migrant.
 Absolute Zero is a 1978 children's novel by Helen Cresswell the second book in the Bagthorpe Saga.
 Blunted on Reality is the debut album released by hip hop group Fugees.
 The House of Atreus Act II released in 2000 is the tenth studio album by the American heavy metal band Virgin Steele. It was released as a double CD album. This album is the second and final part of a metal opera inspired by the Oresteia a trilogy of Greek tragedies written by Aeschylus which concerns the end of the curse on the House of Atreus. The music was intended to be the soundtrack for theatrical shows with actors impersonating the characters of the tragedy.
 Trinity Blood (Japanese: トリニティ・ブラッド Hepburn: Toriniti Buraddo) is a series of Japanese light novels written by Sunao Yoshida with illustrations by Thores Shibamoto and originally serialized in The Sneaker. Set 900 years after an apocalyptic war between humans and vampires the series focuses on the on-going cold war between the Vatican the human government and the New Human Empire the government of the vampiric Methuselah.
 American rapper/producer Danny! released Behind The Beats Vol. 2 on October 23 2007 (see 2007 in music) under his Badenov Records/1911 Music imprint. It is the second promotional album in his Behind The Beats series which is made up of snippets from twenty songs from Danny's catalogue followed by a snippet from its sample playing directly afterwards. Like Vol. 1 before it the album cover for Behind The Beats Vol.
 The Southern Waiotauru River is a river of New Zealand. It joins with the Eastern Waiotauru (Snowy) River to become the Waiotauru River a tributary of the Otaki River.
 The Pulau River (Indonesian: Sungai Pulau Dutch: Eilandenrivier) is a river of West Papua and Papua New Guinea.
 Tegostoma baphialis is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Greece Russia Turkmenistan and Afghanistan.The wingspan is 16–17 mm.
 Lycochoriolaus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Lycochoriolaus angustatus (Melzer 1935) Lycochoriolaus angustisternis (Gounelle 1911) Lycochoriolaus ater (Gounelle 1911) Lycochoriolaus aurifer (Linsley 1970) Lycochoriolaus costulatus (Bates 1885) Lycochoriolaus lateralis (Olivier 1795) Lycochoriolaus lyciformis (Pascoe 1866) Lycochoriolaus mimulus (Bates 1885) Lycochoriolaus sericeus (Bates 1885) Lycochoriolaus similis (Linsley 1970) Lycochoriolaus xantho (Bates 1885)↑
 Kikis Kazamias (Greek: Κίκης Καζαμίας; born 27 August 1951) is a Cypriot economist and politician. He studied International Trade and International Economic Relations at the Berlin School of Economics and Law (BSEL) with a specialization in foreign trade and international economic relations. Returning to Cyprus in 1977 Kazamias became actively involved in politics joining the left-wing Progressive Party of Working People (AKEL).
 Reddipalli is a village in the Anantapur district Andhra Pradesh India. It is divided into 18 habitations.
 Cowles Mountain is a prominent mountain within the city limits of San Diego California and also within Mission Trails Regional Park in a neighborhood known as San Carlos San Diego. The mountain is named after George A. Cowles an early ranching pioneer in San Diego County. Its 1593-foot (486 m) summit is the highest point in the city of San Diego. The main trail to the summit is a popular hiking destination taking hundreds of people per day to a 360-degree panorama of San Diego County.
 I'm Not Your Steppin' Stone: Shameless is a manga by Shiuko Kano. It is licensed in English by Digital Manga Publishing which published I'm Not Your Steppin' Stone: Shameless in November 2007. It involves a construction worker without a high school diploma who falls in unrequited love with a woman who likes intellectuals. He approaches her brother for tutoring but the brother agrees on the condition that the construction worker pay him in sexual favours.
 The White-crested Elaenia (Elaenia albiceps) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family the tyrant flycatchers. It has several subspecies breeding across southern and western parts of South America. Southern birds migrate north in winter.Its natural habitats are temperate forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
 Yombuweltenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 BatfXXX: Dark Night Parody is a 2010 pornographic film from Bluebird Films that parodies The Dark Knight. It was directed by Nicholas Steele. The film was initially titled Batfucks but it was renamed on August 19 2010 prior to its release. Some of the films scenes were shot in London.
 Patrimony: A True Story is a memoir by American writer Philip Roth. It was first published by Simon & Schuster in 1991.
 Varieties of Anomalous Experience: Examining the Scientific Evidence is a book edited by Etzel Cardeña Steven Jay Lynn and Stanley Krippner published by the American Psychological Association in 2000 and a second edition in 2013.
 Charles Delagrave (17 January 1881 – 25 August 1952) was a Canadian notary and politician.Born in Quebec City Quebec Delagrave was educated at the Séminaire de Québec and the Université Laval before becoming a notary in 1903.He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Québec-Ouest in 1935. A Liberal he was re-elected in 1936 and 1939. He was appointed to the Legislative Council of Quebec for de La Durantaye in 1944. He served until his death in 1952.
 Gone Girl is a contemporary thriller novel by American writer Gillian Flynn. Crown Publishing Group published the novel in June 2012 and it soon made the New York Times Best Seller list. The novel's principal suspense comes from an uncertainty about the main character Nick Dunne and whether he killed his wife Amy Dunne.In several interviews Flynn has said that she was interested in exploring the psychology and dynamics of a long-term relationship.
 Wild Wild West is the second album by rock band The Escape Club released in 1988. It includes their most well-known song Wild Wild West.
 The View from theInside is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson recorded in 1976 and released on the Blue Note label. The session has been released on CD in 2007 as part of Mosaic Select: Bobby Hutcherson.
 The Concretes is the debut self-titled album by the Swedish band The Concretes first released in Sweden in 2003 and released internationally in 2004. The album charted at #89 on the UK Album Chart.
 Babadağ (ancient Mount Cragus) is a mountain near Fethiye in Muğla Province southwest Turkey.The mountain has a principal summit at an elevation of 1969 metres (6460 ft) and a second one called Karatepe at an elevation of 1400 metres (4593 ft). These two summits face each other and are separated by a flood valley which led to the term mountain range to be used in some sources in association with Babadağ. The mass is composed mainly of limestone.
 Robert Montgomery Martin (c. 1801 – 6 September 1868) was an Anglo-Irish author and civil servant. He was the first Colonial Treasurer of Hong Kong from 1844 to 1845. He was a founding member of the Statistical Society of London (1834) the Colonial Society (1837) and the East India Association (1867).
 Eois nigrosticta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Colombia.
 The Ultima Tower is a hypothetical supertall skyscraper designed by American architect Eugene Tsui in 1991. With a total height of 3218.7 metres (10560 ft) the tower would be 2 miles tall and comprise 500 stories if built.
 Yamaho Yama (Telugu: యమహో యమ) is a 2012 Telugu film starring Sairam Shankar Parvati Melton Srihari and Sanjjanaa and directed by Y. Jitender. G. Vijay Kumar produced this film for GVK Arts. Mahathi provided the music. Editing was by Marthand K. Venkatesh. Bharani K Dharan handled the Cinematography.
 Derakht-e Jowz (Persian: درختجوز‎ also Romanized as Derakht Jowz) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District in the Central District of Firuzeh County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 130 in 34 families.
 The Pârâul Pietros is a tributary of the Araci River in Romania.
 Strålande jul is a 2009 very successful joint album by Sissel Kyrkjebø and Odd Nordstoga credited as the duo Sissel & Odd (or Sissel og Odd as on the album cover).
 For the anthology by R. L. Stine see R. L. Stine#Dangerous Girls.Bitten a fantasy novel published in 2001 is the first book in the Women of the Otherworld series. It is Canadian author Kelley Armstrong's first novel.
 The Faulkner House is the oldest pre-Revolutionary era structure still standing in Acton Massachusetts. The Faulkner House was purchased in 1964 by 'Iron Work Farm in Acton Inc.' a Massachusetts non-profit corporation with a charter to acquire and preserve the tangible landmarks of the area historically known as Iron Work Farm now part of Acton. The Faulkner House is now being preserved under its stewardship.
 Arturo Ulises Vallarino Bartuano (born 15 December 1943 in Panama City) is a Panamanian politician who served as the First Vice President of Panama in the cabinet of Mireya Moscoso. The Second Vice President under President Moscoso was Dominador 'Kaiser' Bazan. He was elected to the National Assembly four consecutive terms.
 Rhythmic Songs from a Mysterious Red House is the third album by Max on the Rox released in 2004 and recorded mixed and mastered by head engineer Pasi Keho-Valkama and Peter Lido Salonen at Villa Gerby in Vaasa Finland.
 Stéphane Le Foll (French pronunciation: ​[ste.fan lə.fɔl] (born 3 February 1960) is a French politician for the Socialist Party.
 Albert Asa Fredericks (February 22 1891 – October 22 1975) was an educator and a Democratic politician from Natchitoches Louisiana who was affiliated with the powerful Long political faction. Beginning in 1932 he served four terms in the Louisiana Senate and then in a variety of political appointee positions including twice as Governor Earl Long's executive secretary during two long-separated terms; as Commissioner of Public Welfare and on the Louisiana State Board of Education.
 Skjervøy is a village and the administrative centre in the municipality of Skjervøy in Troms county Norway. The village is located on the island of Skjervøya along the Kvænangen near the mouth of the Reisafjorden. The 1.3-square-kilometre (320-acre) village has a population (2012) of 2316 which gives the village a population density of 1782 inhabitants per square kilometre (4620 /sq mi).The village is based around the fishing industry. It is a stop on the Hurtigruten express boats.
 Cicada orni is a species of cicada belonging to the family Cicadidae subfamily Cicadinae and the genus Cicada. The genus name comes directly from the Latin cicada meaning buzzer while the species name orni possibly comes from Fraxinus ornus (Manna Ash or South European Flowering Ash) where this cicada often lay its eggs deep in branches.
 Edward Timothy Tim Sale (born February 5 1942) is a former Manitoba politician and member of the Premier Gary Doer's cabinet.
 Count Matsuura Akira (松浦 詮 November 11 1840 – April 13 1908) was the 12th and final daimyō of Hirado Domain in Hizen Province Kyūshū Japan. He was also the 37th hereditary head of the Matsuura clan and a noted tea master. His honorary title was. Hizen-no-Kami.
 The Maya Mountains are a mountain range in Belize and eastern Guatemala. The highest peaks are Doyle's Delight at 1124 metres (3688 ft) and Victoria Peak at 1120 metres (3670 ft). The Maya Mountains and associated foothills contain a number of important Mayan ruins including the sites of Lubaantun Nim Li Punit Cahal Pech and Chaa Creek; the most eminent nature reserve within the range is the Cockscomb Basin Wildlife Sanctuary.
 Green Arrow: The Longbow Hunters is a three-issue prestige format comic book miniseries published in 1987 by DC Comics. Written and drawn by Mike Grell it stars the character Green Arrow.
 The Amendolea is an Italian river in the province of Reggio Calabria. Its source is near Montalto in Aspromonte National Park. The river flows south past Roghudi and Condofuri and empties into the Ionian sea west of Bova Marina.
 Ušanovići is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Killing Moon is a 2012 fantasy novel by N. K. Jemisin and is the first novel in the Dreamblood series. The novel was released on May 1 2012 by Orbit Books and centers around a series of murders and a potential magic war.
 Sir Richard Ottley was the 5th Chief Justice of Ceylon. He was appointed on 1 November 1827 succeeding Ambrose Hardinge Giffard and was Chief Justice until 1833. He was succeeded by Charles Marshall.
 The Roots of Fundamentalism is a film of a discussion between world religion scholar Huston Smith and author TV host and film maker Phil Cousineau on the subject of Christian Fundamentalism. The modern emergence US Christian Fundamentalism promoted Smith to speak out and write articles on the subject.
 Blue Valentine is a 2010 American romantic drama film written and directed by Derek Cianfrance. The film premiered in competition at the 26th Sundance Film Festival. Derek Cianfrance Cami Delavigne and Joey Curtis wrote the film and Michelle Williams and Ryan Gosling played the lead roles as well as serving as co-executive producers for the film.
 Black Masses is an album by the doom metal band Electric Wizard. It is the band's seventh album and only album with bassist Tas Danazoglou. It was released on 1 November 2010.
 Shamdhara is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located in the north of the district where it borders Batagram District.
 The Hunters Lullaby was the first solo album released by Canadian singer and musician Raine Maida the vocalist for Our Lady Peace. It was released on November 13 2007 by Kingnoise Records. The first single off the album is Yellow Brick Road. Previous solo work by Maida includes a four-song EP entitled Love Hope Hero which was released on November 14.
 Two is a 1974 American drama film directed by Charles Trieschmann. It was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Stoned Immaculate: The Music of The Doors is a tribute album dedicated to The Doors. Producer Ralph Sall gathered an assortment of new classic and iconic artists for the record. Unusually the surviving members of The Doors played on this tribute record. In addition recordings of Jim Morrison were used posthumously in the creation of some of the tracks. Another posthumous usage the cover features a painting by Rick Griffin.
 Pseudoblabes pseudolabia is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1918. It is found in the Philippines.
 The Vermont Daily News was an attempt to create a 100% online daily newspaper providing an in-depth view of Chittenden County and Vermont through a wholly Vermont-owned community journalism site. This paper covered local state and a smattering of national and world news. As of January 2011 the paper no longer existed.
 Dizzy Dishes is an animated short film created by the Fleischer Studios in 1930 as part of the Talkartoon series. It is famous as a debut cartoon of Betty Boop.
 Popolopen is the name of several related landmarks mainly within the Hudson Highlands of Orange County New York. These include a mountain Popolopen Torne—or simply The Torne and a short and steep-sided nearby valley officially called Hell Hole but often Popolopen Gorge. Popolopen Creek runs through this valley. The Popolopen Bridge spans its mouth at the Hudson River and is crossed by Route 9W. Popolopen Lake feeds the headwaters of its namesake creek.
 Bok Crater is a crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars located at 20.8° N and 31.7° W. It is 7.1 km in diameter and was named after a town in New Guinea.Bok Crater is famous for showing clear evidence that it was affected by floods of water from Maja Valles on Mars.
 Mostafalu (Persian: مصطفي لو‎ also Romanized as Moşţafálū) is a village in Khandan Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 112 in 30 families.
 Everyday Thugs is a Bone Thugs-n-Harmony album featuring eleven tracks most of them coming from the album Behind the Harmony. The album comes with a bonus DVD containing previously unreleased behind-the-scenes footage.
 George Edward Cole (December 23 1826 – December 3 1906) was the 6th Governor and 5th Delegate from the Territory of Washington.Born in Trenton (now Trenton Falls) Oneida County New York Cole attended the public schools and Hobart Hall Institute.He was employed as clerk in a country store.He moved to Illinois thence to California in 1849 and later to Oregon Territory in 1850.
 Lobbæk is a village in the south of the Danish island of Bornholm 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of Rønne and 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) west of Aakirkeby. It is mainly residential but has a few small firms. As of 2014 it has a population of 361.
 Podmieście [pɔdˈmjɛɕt͡ɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów within Kozienice County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Alfred Hitchcock Mystery Magazine (AHMM) is a monthly digest size fiction magazine specializing in crime and detective fiction. AHMM is named for Alfred Hitchcock the famed director of suspense films and television.
 Osieki [ɔˈɕeki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Gołdap and 122 km (76 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).The village has a population of 80.
 Rasulabad (Persian: رسول اباد‎ also Romanized as Rasūlābād) is a village in Masumiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 20 in 5 families.
 Asb-e Marz (Persian: اسب مرز‎) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 492 in 119 families.
 David A. Christian (born October 26 1948) is a several times decorated American Vietnam War veteran best known for his veterans' advocacy efforts. During the 2012 election he was a candidate for the Republican nomination in the United States Senate election in Pennsylvania challenging incumbent Democratic Senator Bob Casey Jr. Christian lost in the primary election to Tom Smith.
 Mount Pankenūshi (パンケヌーシ岳 Pankenūshi-dake) or Mount Memuro Western Peak (芽室岳西峰 Memuro-dake Sei-hō) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. This mountain is the western summit of Mount Memuro.
 The Tacoma pocket gopher (Thomomys mazama tacomensis) was a subspecies of the Mazama pocket gopher that was restricted to a few isolated populations in the southern Puget Sound area and on the Olympic Peninsula in Washington. The animal became extinct in 1970.
 Barbara Anne Castle Baroness Castle of Blackburn PC GCOT (née Betts 6 October 1910 – 3 May 2002) was a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament for Blackburn from 1945 to 1979 making her the longest-serving female MP in the history of the House of Commons until that record was broken in 2007 by Gwyneth Dunwoody. She later became the Member of the European Parliament for Greater Manchester from 1979 to 1989.
 The University of Minnesota Old Campus Historic District listed on the National Register of Historic Places includes a number of buildings on the Minneapolis campus that date back to the oldest days of the university.
 Donja Jutrogošta (Serbian: Доња Јутрогошта) is a village in the municipality of Kozarska Dubica Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 John Michael Schweder (born May 31 1949) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Veppankkadu is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Dowlat Rud Bar (Persian: دولت رودبار‎ also Romanized as Dowlat Rūd Bār) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 170 in 48 families.
 Flustra foliacea is a species of bryozoan found in the northern Atlantic Ocean. It is a colonial animal that is frequently mistaken for a seaweed. Colonies begin as encrusting mats and only produce loose fronds after their first year of growth. They may reach 20 cm (8 in) long and smell like lemons. Its microscopic structure was examined by Robert Hooke and illustrated in his 1665 work Micrographia.
 The Leonard Sturtevant House is a historic house at 84 Mulberry Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built c. 1849 this 2-1/2 story wood frame house is a locally distinctive variant of Greek Revival styling. The house has a T shape with projecting rectangular sections on each side. Both the front gable and the gables of the projections are fully pedimented; the main gable has an arched window in the tympanum while the side gables have small octagonal windows.
 Niagara Falls State Park is located in the City of Niagara Falls New York in Niagara County. The park has the American Falls the Bridal Veil Falls and part of the Canadian Falls.Niagara Falls State Park is the oldest state park in the United States. In 1885 the Niagara appropriations bill was signed into law creating the Niagara Reservation.
 Malta is a village in Morgan County Ohio United States. The population was 671 at the 2010 census.
 Get Wet is the debut studio album by American electronic dance music group Krewella. It was released in the United States on September 24 2013 by Columbia Records.
 Love Crimes of Kabul is a 2011 documentary film following select cases of inmates at Badam Bagh women's prison in Kabul Afghanistan where half are jailed for moral crimes.If they were good women they wouldn't be here says a prison guard at the beginning of the film.
 My Name Is Caroline is an autobiography by Caroline Adams Miller chronicling her struggle with bulimia.According to a review in the New York Times the book is structured similarly to most autobiographies by former alcoholics. It describes Miller's seven-year slide into degradation and despair with the initial chapters acting as almost a how-to guide for bulimics.
 Contingencies (ISSN 1048-9851) is the bimonthly magazine of the American Academy of Actuaries providing a large and diverse readership with general interest and technical articles on a wide range of issues related to the actuarial profession. Contingencies is mailed to members of the Academy and targeted individuals such as legislators and their staffs regulators business executives and related organizations.
 Patricia Ann Carone is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 The Right Honourable Sir John Bernard Bosanquet KS PC (2 May 1773 – 25 September 1847) was a British judge.
 Dłużyna [dwuˈʐɨna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszakowice within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Włoszakowice 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Leszno and 61 km (38 mi) south-west of the regional capital Poznań.The village has a population of 465.
 Miyake Yasunobu (三宅 康信 1563 – November 9 1632) was a Japanese daimyo of the late Sengoku period through early Edo period. He was born in Tōtōmi Province the eldest son of Miyake Yasusada. Together with his father Yasunobu served Tokugawa Ieyasu fighting in many of the Tokugawa clan's major campaigns. During the Battle of Sekigahara (1600) Yasunobu served as castle warden of Yokosuka Castle and was granted wardenship of Kameyama Castle after the campaign.
 The Geographische Zeitschrift (English: The Geographical Journal) is a German peer-reviewed academic journal specialising in human geography. It was established in 1895 and is now published by the Franz Steiner Verlag.
 Jay Montgomery Garner (born April 15 1938) is a retired United States Army lieutenant general who was appointed in 2003 as Director of the Office for Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance for Iraq following the 2003 invasion of Iraq but was soon replaced by Ambassador Paul Bremer and the ambassador's successor organization to ORHA the Coalition Provisional Authority (CPA).
 Nassarius cernohorskyi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Stróżewko [struˈʐɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.The village has an approximate population of 200.
 The Cincu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The church of St Mildred Bread Street stood on the east side of Bread Street in the Bread Street Ward of the City of London. It was dedicated to the 7th century Saint Mildred the Virgin daughter of Merewald sub-king of the West Mercians. Of medieval origin the church was rebuilt to the designs of Sir Christopher Wren following its destruction in the Great Fire of London in 1666.
 You're Only Young Once (1937) is the second Andy Hardy movie with Lewis Stone permanently replacing Lionel Barrymore as Judge Hardy and Mickey Rooney appearing as his son Andy. MGM replaced Barrymore and Spring Byington (with Fay Holden) since were too expensive for the sequel's modest budget. Only Rooney Cecilia Parker and Sara Haden as Aunt Milly remained from the original cast.
 Storhø i Rauma is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Narayan Rao Pawar (1925 – 12 December 2010) was an Indian independence activist and member of Arya Samaj. He became popular after plotting to kill the Last Nizam of Hyderabad Mir Osman Ali Khan.
 Euminucia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Tequila Sunrise is a 1988 American crime thriller film written and directed by Robert Towne. It stars Mel Gibson Michelle Pfeiffer and Kurt Russell with Raúl Juliá J. T. Walsh Arliss Howard and Gabriel Damon in supporting roles.The film only the second (after Personal Best) to be both written and directed by Academy Award–winning screenwriter Towne was commercially successful making over $100 million at the box office worldwide but critical reception was mixed.
 Lifegiver is the fourth album released by Christian rock group Hyper Static Union on May 2 2006. It is the first album by Hyper Static Union to be released on a record label. It was originally released on Consuming Fire Productions and RKT Music and later released on Sony. The song Praying for Sunny Days was the ninth most played song of 2006 on CHR radio and the most played new artist for CHR in 2006.
 The Sourdough Lodge (originally known as Hart's Road House) was built in Alaska between 1903 and 1905 of logs. It was one of a number of roadhouses built along the Valdez Trail (now known as the Richardson Highway). The roadhouses were about 15 miles (24 km) apart and offered shelter for travellers and road construction crew. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on June 2 1978 as it was the oldest continuously-operating roadhouse in Alaska.
 Where Myth Fades to Legend is the second full-length studio album by Alesana released through Fearless Records on June 3 2008.
 Donga Dongadi is a 2004 Telugu action comedy film written and directed by Subramaniam Siva produced by NV Prasad and Sanam Naga Ashok Kumar under Sri Saideva Productions banner and starring Manoj Manchu and Sadha in lead roles. The film soundtrack was composed by Dhina and Cinematography was handled by Ajay Vincent. Dialogues of the movie were written by popular writer Chintapalli Ramana. This film marks the debut of Manoj Manchu as a leading actor.
 The Church of the Holy Heart of Jesus (Montenegrin: Crkva Presvetog Srca Isusovog Црква Пресветог Срца Исусовог) is the only Roman Catholic church in the city of Podgorica Montenegro. It was built in 1969 replacing the city centre church which was destroyed during the bombing of Podgorica in World War II. The church is a unique example of brutalist architecture and is located in Konik neighborhood.
 Hylobius is a genus of true weevils (family Curculionidae). Several Hylobius species are major pests of coniferous trees.
 Mantidactylus biporus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family.It is endemic to Madagascar.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers intermittent rivers swamps freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes and heavily degraded former forest.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Michael Mike Regan is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He has represented the 92nd District since 2013.Regan graduated from Cedar Cliff High School and received a bachelor's degree in criminal justice from Albright College. He began a career in law enforcement serving as a US Marshall in Miami before returning to fill this same role in Central Pennsylvania in 1990.
 La Noche del hurto is a 1976 Argentine comedy film directed by Hugo Sofovich.
 Beinn Mhòr is the highest mountain in the Cowal peninsula in Argyll Scotland. It is relatively little known and infrequently climbed but has a high topographic prominence to height ratio and consequently commands good all round views.
 Victor/Victoria is a television film of the 1995 Broadway show of the same name. It was written and directed by Blake Edwards based on Edwards' 1982 film of the same name.
 Guts: The True Stories Behind Hatchet and the Brian Books is a non-fiction book by Gary Paulsen published on January 23 2001 by Delacorte Books. It is about some of Paulsen's life adventures including dog sledding in blizzards being in a plane stalling in the air in the arctic watching as a little boy gets stomped to death by a baby buck and eating bugs. He discusses the inspirations of his life and the way they helped to create events for his character Brian Robeson in his Brian's Saga
 Safari Disco Club is the second studio album by the French electropop trio Yelle. It was released in France on 14 March 2011 by Barclay Records.
 Happiness is the debut studio album by English synthpop duo Hurts released on 27 August 2010 by RCA Records. It was preceded by the release of the singles Better Than Love on 23 May 2010 and Wonderful Life on 22 August 2010. Collaborators include Jonas Quant and production team The Nexus as well as a duet with Australian singer Kylie Minogue on the song Devotion.
 The National Business Review (or NBR) is a weekly New Zealand newspaper aimed at the business sector. The paper was up until 2012 owned by Barry Colman who also publishes the Grocers Review and several other small trade publications. Todd Scott has been the managing editor of the paper since 2012.
 Sharon Ryer Davis (born 1954) is the wife of former California Governor Gray Davis. She is also a former Miss Santee and the author of the children's book The Adventures of Capitol Kitty.
 St. John's Cathedral is the Anglican cathedral in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. The cathedral church is located in the city's downtown on Anderson Avenue near Main Street and the Red River. St. John's Cathedral marks the birthplace of the Anglican Church in Western Canada.
 The Groapa cu Var is a tributary of the Răcădău river in Romania
 Mazraeh-ye Khvajeh Mansur (Persian: مزرعه خواجه منصور‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Khvājeh Manşūr) is a village in Sefiddasht Rural District in the Central District of Aran va Bidgol County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Temple Church (grid reference ST5972) is a ruined church in Redcliffe Bristol England that was founded in the mid-12th century by Robert of Gloucester and the Knights Templar.Temple Church was the scene of the exorcism of George Lukins conducted by Methodist and Anglican clergy. The church was bombed and largely destroyed in the Bristol Blitz. It is a listed building now owned by English Heritage.
 Ulów [ˈuluf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Tomaszów Lubelski and 101 km (63 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 280.
 Euconulus praticola is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae the hive snails.
 Ya Hey is Emrah's first album with the label Universal Music Turkey. It sold over 2.2 million copies.
 Doonagore Castle is a round 16th-century tower house with a small walled enclosure located about 1 km above the coastal village of Doolin in County Clare Ireland. Its name may mean the fort of the rounded hills or the fort of the goats; it sits on a hill overlooking Doolin Point and along with a nearby higher radio mast is used as a navigational point by boats approaching Doolin Pier.
 Johnley Tekiou Hatimoana (13 November 1956 – 18 April 2014) was a Solomon Islands trade unionist and politician.A graduate of the University of Bradford in England he became a school teacher and a trade unionist in the Solomons eventually becoming General Secretary of the Solomon Islands National Teachers Association.
 Abu Radif is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 The Crested Moa Pachyornis australis is a species of Moa from the family Dinornithidae. It is one of the 11 known species of Moa to have existed. Moa are grouped together with emus ostriches kiwis cassowaries rheas and tinamous in the clade Palaeognathae. Some of the species of this group are flightless and lacks a keel on their sternum. The name Crested Moa is due to pits being found in their skulls suggesting they had crests.
 Ruang Talok 69 (Thai: เรื่องตลก 69 English: 6ixtynin9 or A Funny Story About 6 and 9) is a 1999 Thai crime film written and directed by Pen-Ek Ratanaruang. It is the second feature film by the Thai writer-director. It stars Lalita Panyopas a popular star of Thai soap operas.
 Ruth Johnson (born January 8 1955) is the current Secretary of State of Michigan. She is a former member of the Michigan House of Representatives and the 2006 Republican candidate for lieutenant governor as the running mate of Dick DeVos.
 Perleidus is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish from the Triassic period. Fossils have been found worldwide. Perleidus was a freshwater predatory fish about 15 centimetres (5.9 in) in length. Its jaws hung vertically under the braincase allowing them to open wide a feature it shared with the earlier palaeonisciform fish from which it may have been descended.
 Kesher Israel (also known as The Georgetown Synagogue) is an Orthodox synagogue located in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington D.C. Writer and professor Barry Freundel is the Congregation's rabbi.
 Squizzy Taylor is a 1982 Australian drama film based on the life of Melbourne gangster Squizzy Taylor directed by Kevin James Dobson and starring David Atkins Jackie Weaver and Alan Cassell.
 Love and Money by Dennis Kelly played at the Royal Exchange Manchester before it transferred to the Young Vic in 2006 directed by Matthew Dunster and opened the New Studio at the Young Vic.An examination of how love is destroyed by materialism told backwards from a man describing the murder of his wife to escape debt until the play ends with his wife's excitement following his proposal.
 Mayyu (Persian: ميو‎ also Romanized as Mayyū; also known as Mīhū) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District Asir District Mohr County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 18 families.
 Lahu Ke Do Rang (translated: Blood has two colours) is 1997 Hindi adventure action film directed by Mehul Kumar and starring Akshay Kumar Karishma Kapoor Naseeruddin Shah Suresh Oberoi. Other casts include Alok Nath Farida Jalal Mukesh Rishi Navin Nischol Mahesh Anand Avtar Gill Tej Sapru Shashikala.
 El que recibe las bofetadas is a 1947 Argentine film.
 Merzbild Schwet is the third album by British cult band Nurse With Wound.Following disagreements amongst the founding NWW trio over To the Quiet Men from a Tiny Girl Steven Stapleton returned to the studio without Heman Pathak or John Fothergill to create something that more closely fulfilled his vision of what Nurse With Wound should be.
 Qaqortoq Hostel (also known as Siniffik Inn siniffik is Greenlandic for bed to the locals simply known as Heidis) is a privately run hostel in the town of Qaqortoq in south Greenland. The hostel was expanded in 2007 and now hosts a total of 38 beds rivalling the major establishments in the area. It is one of only two Qaqortoq companies offering accommodations in the town the other being Hotel Qaqortoq. The hostel is despite its size a major employer in the town.
 Ezhumalai is an Indian Tamil film released in 2002. The Film is the remake of Telugu Blockbuster Narasimha Naidu starring Balakrishna Mukesh Rishi. This movie was later dubbed in Telugu again as Simhabaludu.
 The 84th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This year was January 4 1887 which was two weeks before the beginning of the first administrative year of Governor Benjamin T. Biggs.
 Wyszonki Kościelne [vɨˈʂɔŋki kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 54 km (34 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Góra Świętej Anny Mountain (Polish pronunciation: [ˈɡura ˈɕfʲɛntɛj ˈannɨ]) or St. Anne's Hill (German: Annaberg; Upper Silesian Anaberg) is an monadnock in Upper Silesia Poland next to the community of the same name. It is the location of the Franciscan Monastery of St. Anne whose chapel is an important destination for Roman Catholic pilgrimage.
 Ishrat Husain is a Pakistani banker and economist who is the Dean and Director of the Institute of Business Administration Karachi. Dr. Ishrat was the Governor of the State Bank of Pakistan Pakistan's Central bank from 2 December 1999 to 1 December 2005. He also led the National Commission for Government Reforms for two years from May 2006.
 Grow Up is the debut album by pop punk band The Queers. Originally issued as an LP by Shakin' Street in 1990 the album was reissued twice afterwards: once in 1994 by Lookout! Records and again in 2007 by Asian Man Records with 5 bonus tracks from the original sessions.
 Roy Oliver Disney (June 24 1893 – December 20 1971) was an American businessman partner and co-founder along with his younger brother Walt Disney of Walt Disney Productions now known as The Walt Disney Company.
 The Salat (Occitan: Salat) is a river in southern France a right tributary of the Garonne. It rises in nine points above the hamlet Salau in the municipality Couflens on the slopes of Mont Rouch central Pyrenees. The former Gascon province of Couserans is based on its valley.
 Muinasmaa is a novel by Estonian author August Gailit. It was first published in 1918.
 Om Namah Shivay is the tenth (eighth solo) album by Nina Hagen released in 1999.
 383 Madison Avenue is an office building owned and occupied by JP Morgan Chase in New York City on a full block bound by Madison Avenue and Vanderbilt Avenue between 46th and 47th Streets. Formerly known as the Bear Stearns Building it housed the world headquarters of the now-defunct Bear Stearns from the building's completion until Bear's collapse and sale to JPMorgan Chase in 2008. The building now houses the New York offices for J.P.
 Champion Of Death (けんか空手 極真拳 Kenka karate kyokushinken literal translation: Fighting Karate-Ultimate Truth Fist) also known as Karate Bullfighter is a Japanese martial arts film made by the Toei Company in 1975.
 Live on I-5 is a live album by the American rock band Soundgarden. It was recorded during the West Coast leg of their 1996 tour and released on March 22 2011. They announced the album the band's first live album on their website on January 13 2011.The title is a reference to Interstate 5 which runs along the Pacific coast of the United States. The band hired Adam Kasper to record several shows with a rented 24-track machine/truck.
 Domosdova is a newspaper published in Albania.
 Mount Hope Bay is a tidal estuary located at the mouth of the Taunton River on the Massachusetts and Rhode Island border. It is an arm of Narragansett Bay. The bay is named after Mount Hope a small hill located on its western shore in what is now Bristol Rhode Island. It flows into the East Passage of Narragansett Bay and also the Sakonnet River. Mount Hope Bay has played an important role to the history of the area from pre-colonial times to the present.
 Know Your Men (1921) is an American silent melodrama film produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation directed by Charles Giblyn and starring Pearl White. The film is now considered a lost film.
 Paramartinsia quadrimaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Paramartinsia.
 Rajmachi (Udhewadi) is a small village in the rugged mountains of Sahyadri in India. The fortification at Rajmachi consists of two forts  namely Shrivardhan fort and Manaranjan Fort. Rajmachi Fort is a popular trekking destination.
 Barbara Jean Lee (born July 16 1946) is the U.S. Representative for California's 13th congressional district serving East Bay voters from 1998 to 2013 during a time when the region was designated California's 9th congressional district. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She was the first woman to represent the 9th district and is also the first woman to represent the 13th district.
 Cell Cycle is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering cell biology. The editor-in-chief is Mikhail V. Blagosklonny (Roswell Park Cancer Institute). Cell Cycle is abstracted and indexed in Medline/PubMed and the Science Citation Index Expanded.
 Interred With Their Bones is a novel by Jennifer Lee Carrell published in 2007. It was published in the United Kingdom as The Shakespeare Secret. The novel's plot and structure have been compared to The Da Vinci Code.Its success led to a sequel Haunt Me Still (UK: The Shakespeare Curse) about the further adventures of the heroine Kate Stanley.
 The Civilian is a satirical New Zealand website. It was started in 2013 by Ben Uffindell who finished a degree in political science at University of Canterbury in 2012. It has been compared to the US satirical website/newspaper The Onion. In April 2013 The Civilian received about 15000 page views per day and in a May 2013 interview Uffindell stated an average of 20000–25000 page views per day.
 Pawłówko [paˈvwufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernice Borowe within Przasnysz County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Czernice Borowe 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Przasnysz and 100 km (62 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is David R. Matsumoto (San Francisco State University). It has been in publication since 1970 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
 James Houston Thomas (September 22 1808–August 4 1876) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for Tennessee's 6th congressional district.
 Paleosuchus is a South American genus of reptile in the family Alligatoridae. They are the smallest members of the order Crocodilia in the Americas.The genus contains two species: Cuvier's dwarf caiman (Paleosuchus palpebrosus). Smooth-fronted caiman (Paleosuchus trigonatus).
 Eumops (mastiff bats or bonneted bats) is a genus of bats in the family Molossidae.
 All Saints' Church Harewood is a 15th-century redundant church standing in the park of Harewood House the seat of the Earls of Harewood near the village of Harewood West Yorkshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in isolation within Harewood Park as the surrounding village was relocated by the owner of Harewood House in about 1760 to a location further from the house.
 Bareqin Khunsorkh (Persian: بارقين خونسرخ‎ also Romanized as Bāreqīn Khūnsorkh; also known as Bāreqīn) is a village in Gachin Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 236 in 60 families.
 Counterrevolution and Revolt is a 1972 book by philosopher Herbert Marcuse.
 Kyuilyar is a village in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Little Mink Lake is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County in Ontario Canada. A Hydro One transmission line crosses over the west end of the lake.The lake is about 0.7 kilometres (0.4 mi) long and 0.35 kilometres (0.2 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 340 metres (1115 ft) about 12 kilometres (7 mi) northeast of the community of Gunter and 18 kilometres (11 mi) northwest of the community of Cloyne.
 Heart of the Matter EP is a release by the Australian band The Screaming Jets in 2004. the two radio singles taken of the EP were 'Heart of the Matter' and 'Right Place Wrong Time' which also had video clips made for them.
 The Jacob Aldrich House also known as the J. Aldrich House is an historic house located at 389 Aldrich Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. On January 20 1984 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Abdul Malik Baloch (Urdu: عبدالمالک بلوچ‎—ʿAbdu l-Mālik Balōč) is Chief Minister of Balochistan Pakistan.Baloch became the 20th Chief Minister of Balochistan on 7 June 2013. He is the president of National Party.
 Nirmala is a 1948 Indian Malayalam film directed by P. V. Krishna Iyer and produced by P. J. Cherian. The fourth talkie in Malayalam Nirmala introduced playback singing to Malayalam cinema. It was also the first film produced by a Malayali.The songs were composed by saxophone player P. S. Divakar and E. I. Warrier. Lyrics were by poet G. Sankara Kurup. There were 15 songs in the film sung by P. Leela P. K. Raghavan Sarojini Menon T. K. Govindarao Vasudeva Kurup and Vimala B Varma.
 Sykia (Greek: Συκιά Sykia) is a small doline in Attica Greece.The doline which has a depth of about 20 metres (66 ft) has been known since the mid-1940s and is located near the Hymettan peak of Korakovouni at an altitude of approximately 300 m above sea level. It takes its name from the fig tree growing in the debris cone on the doline floor.
 Rahy (February 18 1985 – September 22 2011) was an Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in England and the United States. Bred by Hill 'n' Dale Farms in Lexington he was a son of the very important sire Blushing Groom and out of the Eclipse Award winner and Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame mare Glorious Song.Rahy was purchased as a yearling for US$2 million by Sheikh Maktoum bin Rashid Al Maktoum and brought to race in England for the 1987 season.
 Bludgeoning Angel Dokuro-Chan (撲殺天使ドクロちゃん Bokusatsu Tenshi Dokuro-chan) is a Japanese light novel series written by Masaki Okayu and illustrated by Torishimo. It centers on a teenage boy and a killer angel from the future who constantly gets him into trouble and kills him violently and repeatedly with a spiked club only to resurrect him seconds later. The novels were first serialized in the Dengeki hp magazine published by MediaWorks.
 Natasha Kate Fyles (born 1978) is an Australian politician. A member of the Australian Labor Party she was elected to the seat of Nightcliff in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly at the 2012 Northern Territory election.Prior to her election Fyles trained as a teacher at the University of Canberra and has worked as a physical education teacher and swimming coach. She is married to Paul Archbold and has two children.
 Meleh Kabud (Persian: مله كبود‎ also Romanized as Meleh Kabūd and Melā Kabūd) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District in the Central District of Borujerd County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Puiseaux is a small river in the Loiret department central France left tributary of the Loing. Its source is in the commune of Les Choux. It flows north to Montargis where it empties into the Loing. It is unrelated to the commune of Puiseaux.
 Ilma is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Frederic Courtland Penfield (April 23 1855 - June 19 1922) was an American diplomat.
 Pacific Grade Summit at elevation 2454 m / 8050 ft. is a high mountain pass on the western approach to Ebbetts Pass to the east in the Sierra Nevada range in eastern California. California State Route 4 in the State Scenic Highway System crosses the Sierra through the pass.
 Biadoliny Radłowskie [bjadɔˈlinɨ raˈdwɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojnicz within Tarnów County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-west of Wojnicz 17 km (11 mi) west of Tarnów and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
 Tolliella is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Aslauga febe is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon.
 The Whitaker's Shrew (Crocidura whitakeri) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae family. It is found in Algeria Morocco Tunisia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland rocky shores and sandy shores.
 Rick G. Nelson (born June 11 1954 in Black Star Coal Camp Kentucky) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 87 since January 2001.
 Sgt. Hetfield's Motorbreath Pub Band is the first published album from Beatallica. It contains 13 tracks made from combinations of The Beatles and Metallica songs and was released on Tuesday July 10 2007. Majority of the tracks are re-recordings of songs from the band's EP releases A Garage Dayz Nite and Beatallica.
 The Call-Bartlett House is a historic house at 216 Pleasant Street in Arlington Massachusetts. Built in 1855 this 2.5 story wood frame house is an excellent local example of Greek Revival styling with a full-height two story portico on its east facade (which faces Spot Pond).
 Edwin George Ed Perlmutter (born May 1 1953) is the U.S. Representative for Colorado's 7th congressional district serving since 2007. The district is located in the northwestern suburbs of Denver. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
 Roth is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Peer Steinbrück (born 10 January 1947) is a German social democratic (SPD) politician. He was the SPD candidate for Chancellor of Germany in the 2013 federal election. From 2005 to 2009 he served as German Federal Minister of Finance in the cabinet of Angela Merkel. He was nominated by his party as opposition candidate for Chancellor on 28 September 2012.
 Heersberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 The Băița River is a tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.
 Blood Pressures is the fourth studio album by indie rock band The Kills. It was released on April 1 2011 in Australia on April 4 2011 in Europe and on April 5 2011 in the United States and Canada. The album was recorded at Key Club studio in Benton Harbor Michigan the same studio where the band had previously recorded both No Wow and Midnight Boom. The album was promoted by four singles: Satellite Future Starts Slow Baby Says and The Last Goodbye.
 Decomposing Normality is the second EP by the American deathcore band King Conquer. Decomposing Normality is the first release by the band to feature their current sound focusing on the typical deathcore element that fuses death metal and metalcore but with deep guttural lead vocals heavier breakdowns and technical sweeps. It was produced by Charles J and Phil Pluskota.The EP was tracked and mixed at Sonic Assault Studios in Cape Coral FL.
 The Secera River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Boğazkent is a village in the District of Serik Antalya Province Turkey.
 The Albano is a stream (or torrente) of Lombardy Italy which flows through the province of Como. It rises from the Bocchetta di Sommafiume in the commune of Germasino and runs eastwards through the Albano valley entering Lake Como at Dongo. Between the communes of Germasino and Dongo Albano passes through Garzeno.The most common fish are brown trout (both Salmo trutta morpha fario and S. trutta morpha lacustris) rainbow trout and chub.
 Wish You the Best is the first compilation album by Japanese recording artist Mai Kuraki. It was released on January 1 2004. The compilation won Pop Album of the Year at the 19th Japan Gold Disc Awards.
 The Encyclopedia of Australian Rock and Pop or Rock and Pop by Australian music journalist Ian McFarlane is a guide to Australian popular music from the 1950s to the late 1990s. The encyclopedia was described in Australian Music Guide as the most exhaustive and wide-ranging encyclopedia of Australian music from the 1950s onwards.The encyclopedia is out of print but was for a time available on the whammo.com.au online record store and is still in the Internet Archive.
 The Tale of Mr. Jeremy Fisher is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter. It was published by Frederick Warne & Co. in July 1906. Jeremy's origin lies in a letter she wrote to a child in 1893. She revised it in 1906 and moved its setting from the River Tay to the English Lake District.
 The Crawford Auto-Aviation Collection is a museum in the University Circle neighborhood of Cleveland Ohio. Part of the Western Reserve Historical Society it was founded by industrialist Frederick C. Crawford of TRW and opened in 1965.
 Sam Yingling is an American politician from Lake County Illinois. A Democrat he is a member of the Illinois House of Representatives from the 62nd district. A resident of Grayslake he served as the Avon Township Supervisor prior to his election to the legislature.The 62nd district includes all or parts of Gages Lake Grayslake Hainesville Long Lake Round Lake Round Lake Beach Round Lake Park and Wauconda.
 Donuts is an instrumental hip hop album by producer J Dilla. Donuts was released on February 7 2006 his 32nd birthday and only three days before his death. On Metacritic Donuts received universal acclaim from critics based on an aggregate score of 84/100 from 15 reviews.
 Promethea is a comic book series created by Alan Moore J. H. Williams III and Mick Gray published by America's Best Comics/WildStorm.It tells the story of Sophie Bangs a college student from an alternate futuristic New York City in 1999 who embodies the powerful entity known as Promethea whose task it is to bring the Apocalypse.Originally published as 32 issues from 1999 to 2005 the series has now been re-published into five graphic novels and one hard-back issue.
 Elza Jeffords (May 23 1826 – March 19 1885) was a U.S. Representative from Mississippi's 3rd congressional district.Jeffords was born near Ironton in Lawrence County Ohio on May 23 1826. He grew up in Portsmouth Ohio where he attended public schools before apprenticing as a clerk in a law office. Jeffords read law during his apprenticeship and was admitted to the bar in 1847.
 Thysanoplusia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Pseudotaranis is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Sissu (also known as Khagling) is a small town in the Lahaul valley of Himachal Pradesh in India. It is around 90 km from Manali and located on the right bank of Chandra river. It is located at 32°29′0″N 77°7′0″E.
 Hip-Hop Docktrine 2 (The Saga Continues) is the second in a series of mixtapes created for the television series The Boondocks. They were separated into two discs or editions with different artists performing on both.
 Bijuwa is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5086.
 Stony Pass elevation 12592 ft (3838 m) is a mountain pass in the San Juan Mountains of southwest Colorado.
 The Rock of Solutré (French: Roche de Solutré) is a limestone escarpment 8 km (5.0 mi) west of Mâcon overlooking the commune of Solutré-Pouilly and an iconic site of the Saône-et-Loire in the south of the Bourgogne in France.
 Alfredo Félix Cristiani Burkard popularly known as Alfredo Cristiani (born 22 November 1947) was President of El Salvador from 1989 to 1994.
 Covenanter's Church is a New England meeting house style structure located in Grand Pré Nova Scotia and is the oldest extant Presbyterian Church in Canada. The meeting house was constructed between 1804 and 1811 with the tower belfry and steeple being added in 1818.The meeting house was preceded by a small log church which was demolished in 1795 in anticipation of a larger construction. Under the leadership of Rev.
 Clark B. Dibble (May 27 1860 – July 24 1932) was a Michigan politician.
 The Legend of Sleepy Hollow is a short story by American author Washington Irving contained in his collection of 34 essays and short stories entitled The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon Gent. Written while Irving was living abroad in Birmingham England The Legend of Sleepy Hollow was first published in 1820. Along with Irving's companion piece Rip Van Winkle The Legend of Sleepy Hollow is among the earliest examples of American fiction with enduring popularity.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in St. Louis County Minnesota near Gowan Minnesota United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 1325 feet (404 m).
 The Sweetest Hangover is the third album by German musician Miss Platnum. It was released on September 4 2009 under the label Four Music. The song Why Did You Do It? was already released in 2008 as a promotional single. The first single She Moved In! was released on August 14 2009 and reached #51 of the German singles chart.
 Saga is an epic space opera/fantasy comic book series written by Brian K. Vaughan and illustrated by Fiona Staples published monthly by Image Comics. The series is heavily influenced by Star Wars and is based on ideas Vaughan conceived both as a child and as a parent.
 The Bank of America Center is an 18 story highrise building in Baltimore Maryland at 100 South Charles Street.
 Arthur Larouche (July 1 1900 – July 10 1968) was a politician Quebec Canada and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec (MLA).
 Richard James Ashworth (born 17 September 1947 in Folkestone) is a Member of the European Parliament for South East England for the Conservative Party and was the Leader of the Conservative Party in the European Parliament from March 2012 to November 2013. He is married with three daughters.
 Birlik (Kazakh: Бiрлiк) is a village (selo) in Talgar District of the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan.
 Hoenselaaria is a very small genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.
 The Golden Eagle (Aquila chrysaetos) is one of the best-known birds of prey in the Northern Hemisphere. It is the most widely distributed species of eagle. Like all eagles it belongs to the family Accipitridae. These birds are dark brown with lighter golden-brown plumage on their napes. Immature eagles of this species typically have white on the tail and often have white markings on the wings.
 Framed is the 1972 debut album by The Sensational Alex Harvey Band. The album was released separately on CD but is more widely available on a 2 in 1 album the other album being Next. This album also features a cover of the song written by Willie Dixon and originally performed by Muddy Waters I Just Want To Make Love To You. The title track is a Leiber/Stoller song recorded by The Robins.
 Shopping is a 1994 film written and directed by Paul W. S. Anderson about a group of British teenagers who indulge in joyriding and ramraiding. It was notably the first major leading role for actor Jude Law who first met his co-star and future wife Sadie Frost on the set of this film.The film was located at Trellick Tower Golborne Road London.
 Opal Cone is a cinder cone located on the southeast flank of Mount Garibaldi in the Coast Mountains of British Columbia Canada. It is the source of a 15 km long broad dacite lava flow with prominent wrinkled ridges. The lava flow is unusually long for a silicic lava flow. Opal Cone is a member of the Cascade Volcanoes but it is located in the Garibaldi Ranges in the Coast Mountains and not in the Cascade Range proper.
 Best Actor is a 2010 Malayalam film co-written and directed by Martin Prakatt. It stars Mammootty Sruthi Krishnan Nedumudi Venu Lal Salim Kumar Vinayakan Master Vivas Sreenivasan K. P. A. C. Lalitha and Sukumari in major roles. The film marks the debut of popular photographer Martin Prakatt as director. It was produced by Naushad under the banner of Big Screen. Several film directors made cameo appearances in the film.
 Whoracle is the third album by Swedish melodic death metal band In Flames. The album was released through Nuclear Blast on 27 October 1997. Apart from Everything Counts which is a cover of a Depeche Mode song all songs were composed and arranged by In Flames. The lyrics were translated by Dark Tranquillity guitarist Niklas Sundin after Anders Fridén had written them in Swedish.
 Capeta (カペタ Kapeta) is a Japanese sports manga and anime about kart racing by Masahito Soda. The manga won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen in 2005.The series consists of three separate arcs. The first is about Capeta's first experiences with kart racing at the age of 10. The next arc which starts four years later deals with Capeta trying to handle his growing financial issues due to the high cost involved in kart racing.
 Noah's Arc: Jumping the Broom is a 2008 Canadian-American romantic comedy-drama film based on the LOGO television series Noah's Arc. It was released on October 24 2008 in select theaters and video on demand. The film is MPAA rated R in the U.S. for sexual content and language.
 Allari Priyudu is a 1993 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. The film stars Rajasekhar Ramya Krishnan and Madhu Bala in lead roles. The film was dubbed in Tamil as Yaarukku Mappillai Yaaro. It was remade in Kannada as Chora Chitta Chora with V. Ravichandran.
 The Waves first published in 1931 is Virginia Woolf's most experimental novel. It consists of soliloquies spoken by the book's six characters: Bernard Susan Rhoda Neville Jinny and Louis. Also important is Percival the seventh character though readers never hear him speak through his own voice. The soliloquies that span the characters' lives are broken up by nine brief third-person interludes detailing a coastal scene at varying stages in a day from sunrise to sunset.
 Tyler A. Clark is an American politician from Maine. A Republican Clark has served in the Maine House of Representatives since 2008. He ran unsuccessfully in 2006. He is a student at the University of Maine at Presque Isle.
 Praemastus cymothoe is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Druce in 1895. It is found in Bolivia and Colombia.
 The Veţa River is a tributary of the Tâmpa River in Romania.
 Rosa Luxemburg (German: Die Geduld der Rosa Luxemburg) is a 1986 West German drama film directed by Margarethe von Trotta. It was entered into the 1986 Cannes Film Festival where Barbara Sukowa won the award for Best Actress. Moreover the film received the German Film Award (Bundesfilmpreis) for being considered 1986's best feature film.
 Gavrah Zakar (Persian: گاورزكار‎ also Romanized as Gāvrah Zaḵār) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District Papi District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 5 families.
 Carlos José Iturgaiz Angulo (born on 20 October 1965 in Santurce Biscay) is a Spanish politician a member of the People's Party (PP). He has been a Member of the European Parliament since 2004. He currently is a member of the group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats).
 Squatter's Delight or In Krakende Welstand is a 1990 Dutch drama film directed by Mijke de Jong.
 Bowman Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in the Foxe Basin by northeastern Foxe Peninsula off Baffin Island. The closest community is Cape Dorset situated 204 km (127 mi) to the south while Nuwata a former settlement is situated to the west.
 The Buffington Hotel is an historic hotel in Westville Oklahoma United States. The brick building was built in about 1910 and features an arcade of round-arch windows on the East and South facades. The hotel was the premiere hotel in Westville when the town was railway stop. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Song of the Gringo is a 1936 American film directed by John P. McCarthy. The film is also known as The Old Corral in the United Kingdom.
 Esmail Aqai (Persian: اسماعيل اقايي‎ also Romanized as Esmā‘īl Āqā‘ī; also known as Esmā‘īl Āqā) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 Kaj (Persian: كاج‎ also Romanized as Kāj; also known as Gāch Kaj and Qāch Kaj) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District in the Central District of Ardal County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3774 in 800 families.
 The Book Tower is a 145 m (476 ft) 38-story skyscraper located at 1265 Washington Boulevard in Downtown Detroit Michigan within the Washington Boulevard Historic District. Construction began on the Italian Renaissance-style building in 1916 as an addition to the original Book Building and finished a decade later.
 The Peninsula Skolly (Thestor yildizae) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is endemic to South Africa where it is only found on the high slopes of the Cape Peninsula Mountains in the West Cape. The wingspan is 25–32 mm for males and 28-36.5 mm for females. Adults are on wing from late November to early February. There is one generation per year.Larvae have been found in the nests of the Pugnacious Ant Anoplepsis custodiens but the larval food is unknown.
 Skeleton Cave is a lava tube within Deschutes County Oregon of the United States. The cave is within Deschutes National Forest and is located on the northern flank of Newberry Volcano near the city of Bend.
 Ceroctena is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Red Terror (original title in German: GPU) is a 1942 German anti-communist propaganda film directed by Karl Ritter.Released after the breakdown of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact it is noteworthy for the crude heavy-handed depiction of Communists.
 Una rosa per tutti (US title A Rose for everyone) is a 1967 Italian film. It stars Claudia Cardinale.
 Schwarzenbühl Pass (el. 1547 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.It connects Riffenmatt in the municipality of Guggisberg south of Bern and Gurnigel Pass.There is a ski resort at the pass with a hotel with a hot steam bath a restaurant and a sanatorium.
 The Flower in His Mouth (Italian: Gente di rispetto) is a 1975 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Jennifer O'Neill.
 Iranian Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering Iranian and Persianate history literature and society published by Routledge on behalf of the International Society for Iranian Studies. It is published 6 times a year and was established in 1967. The editor-in-chief is Homa Katouzian (St. Antony's College University of Oxford). The journal is abstracted and indexed in the MLA International Bibliography.
 Johnny Creek is one of the many creeks running through the Temagami region of Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is located about 4 km (2.5 mi) south of Temagami North in southeastern Strathy Township. The creek is entirely within the municipality of Temagami flowing in a east-west direction.
 A Good Lawyer's Wife (Hangul: 바람난 가족; RR: Baramnan Kajok) is a 2003 South Korean film written and directed by Im Sang-soo. The film is about the various affairs of members of a dysfunctional South Korean family.
 The Valea Săturanului River is a headwater of the Zeldiș River in Romania.
 Nightmoves is a 2007 jazz album by vocalist Kurt Elling. It was the first Elling album to be released by Concord Records.
 Dooram Arike is a 1980 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed Jeassy starring M. G. Soman Sukumaran Srividya Ambika and K. P. Ummer.
 Eupithecia persidis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Iran (Mazandaran). The habitat consists of mountainous steppe with feather grass.The wingspan is 16.5–19 mm. The forewings are pale grey with a soft yellowish tinge and blackish grey transverse lines. The hindwings are slightly paler pale grey with blackish grey transverse lines.
 Anja Weisgerber (born on 11 March 1976) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for Bavaria with the Christian Social Union in Bavaria part of the European People's Party and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on the Environment Public Health and Food Safety.She is a substitute for the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs a member of the Delegation to the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly and a substitute for the Delegation to the EU–Chile Joint Parliamentary Committee.
 Loyalty to Loyalty is the second studio album by American indie rock band the Cold War Kids released on September 23 2008 by Downtown and V2 Records. Following the success of their debut album Robbers & Cowards the band started recording new material for their next album over the course of four months around California.
 Barnet Museum is in the London Borough of Barnet. It has displays on topics including the Battle of Barnet Barnet Fair and Market. It is a centre for local and family research and its archives library and reference collection are available for use by members of the public.
 Lophocampa montana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is known from volcan Poás in Costa Rica.
 Syrphocheilosia is a genus of hoverflies.
 André M.J.Gh. Flahaut is a Belgian politician. He was born on 18 August 1955 in Walhain then in the province of Brabant and now in the province of Walloon Brabant. Flahaut studied political sciences and public administration at the Université Libre de Bruxelles. He joined the Socialist Party in 1973. From 1989 to 1995 he served in various posts in the administration of Walloon Brabant.
 Real Playing Game (also known as RPG) is a 2013 science fiction directed by Tino Navarro and David Rebordão produced and co-written by Navarro. The film stars Rutger Hauer Soraia Chaves and Pedro Granger.
 Mazraeh-ye Changiz (Persian: مزرعه چنگيز‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Changīz) is a village in Jowshaqan-e Qali Rural District Qamsar District Kashan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The City Canal was a short and short-lived canal excavated across the Isle of Dogs in east London linking two reaches of the River Thames. Today it has been almost completely reconstructed to form the South Dock of the West India Docks.
 The Swiftcurrent Ranger Station is an example of the Swiss Chalet style that prevailed in the early years of Glacier National Park before the establishment of the similar National Park Service Rustic style. The station was designed by Edward A. Nickel and built by Ole Norden and S. M. Askevold. It replaced a previous ranger station destroyed in a 1936 forest fire.
 The Sletnicu River is a tributary of the Craiova River in Romania.
 Hundsrücken (Schwäbische Alb) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 Oxycanus armatus is a moth of the Hepialidae family. It is found in Western Australia.
 The Quarterly Review of Biology or QRB is a scientific review of current and historical topics in biology as well as a source of book reviews. It was begun in 1926 by Raymond Pearl. In the 1960s the Review was purchased by the Stony Brook Foundation when the editor H. Bentley Glass became academic vice president of the State University of New York at Stony Brook. It is currently published by the University of Chicago Press.
 Pinky is a 1949 American drama film starring Jeanne Crain Ethel Barrymore and Ethel Waters. All three actresses were nominated for the Academy Award Crain for Best Actress in a Leading Role and Barrymore and Waters for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.The film was adapted from the Cid Ricketts Sumner novel Quality by Philip Dunne and Dudley Nichols and directed by Elia Kazan.The film is about a light-skinned African-American nursing student played by Crain passing for white.
 Louis-Rodolphe Roy (7 February 1858 – 14 May 1925) was a Canadian lawyer politician and judge.Born Saint-Vallier Canada East in the son of Nazaire Roy and Marie Letellier Roy was educated at the Séminaire de Québec and received a Bachelor of Laws degree from the Université Laval in 1883. He was called to the Quebec Bar in 1883 and practiced law in Quebec City.
 The Squamish River is a short but very large river in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Its drainage basin is 3328 square kilometres (1285 sq mi) in size. The total length of the Squamish River is approximately 80 kilometres (50 mi).
 Mémoires de deux jeunes mariées (Letters of Two Brides) is an epistolary novel by the French writer Honoré de Balzac. It was serialized in the French newspaper La Presse in 1841 and published by Furne in 1842 as the first work in the second volume (Scènes de la vie privée tome II or Scenes from Private Life Volume 2) of Balzac's La Comédie humaine. It was dedicated to the French novelist George Sand. The first English translation of the novel appeared in 1902 with a preface by Henry James.
 Barrat Qisarya was a Palestinian Arab village in the Haifa Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on May 15 1948. Today traces of walls glass marble fragments and pottery fragments in the sand dunes are visible. It was located 32 km southwest of Haifa.
 Kariz-e Bedaq (Persian: كاريزبداق‎ also Romanized as Kārīz-e Bedāq and Kārīz-e Bedāgh) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District Qalandarabad District Fariman County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 111 in 27 families.
 St. Thérèse Chapel and Academy is a Traditionalist Catholic church and children's school in Nicholville New York operated by the Society of Saint Pius X (SSPX).The parish community got started in 1986 with SSPX's Father Goettler saying Mass in Lawrence Town Hall. Education of children by the parish also began immediately. Once the parish grew to about 50 people a temporary chapel was established in 1989.
 The Foundation E.G. Bührle Collection (Stiftung Sammlung E. G. Bührle) was established by the Bührle family in Zürich Switzerland to bring to public viewing Emil Georg Bührle's important collection of European sculptures and paintings. The Foundation's art museum is in a Zurich villa adjoining Bührle's former home.
 Diwan Bahadur Satappa Ramanatha Muttaiya Ramaswami Chettiar (1872 – November 5 1918) was an Indian businessman and philanthropist from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 The Argo Gold Mine and Mill is a former mining and milling property consisting of a gold mine and gold mill in Idaho Springs Colorado built at the entrance of the Argo Tunnel. The tunnel was built between 1893 and 1910 to drain the gold mines in Virginia Canyon Gilpin Gulch Russell Gulch Quartz Hill Nevadaville and Central City and allow easier ore removal. The mill was built at the entrance of the tunnel to process ore from the many mines drained by the tunnel.
 The Toronto Central Prison Chapel was a Roman Catholic prison chapel located in Toronto's Liberty Village neighbourhood. In 1877 it was built by prisoners of the now-closed Toronto Central Prison. It is one of the oldest buildings in Toronto and was added to the city's list of heritage properties in 1985. It is therefore historically protected from demolition under the city of Toronto by law.
 Joseph P. Joe McDonald (born July 1966) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota he represents District 29A which includes portions of Wright and Hennepin counties just northwest of the Twin Cities metropolitan area. He is also a photographer and business owner.
 John O'Hara House is a historic home located at Pottsville Schuylkill County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1870 and is a three-story three bay wide stone building in the Italianate style. The front elevation features a three-story central tower. The house was built by David Yuengling of the Yuengling brewery family.
 Mount Mansfield is the highest mountain in Vermont with a summit that peaks at 4393 feet (1339 m) above sea level. The summit is in Underhill; the ridgeline including some secondary peaks extends into the town of Stowe and the mountain's flanks also reach into the town of Cambridge.When viewed from the east or west this mountain has the appearance of a (quite elongated) human profile with distinct forehead nose lips chin and Adam's apple.
 The Guaio River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Guest Wife is a 1945 American comedy film directed by Sam Wood written by Bruce Manning and John Klorer and starring Claudette Colbert Don Ameche and Dick Foran. It is also known as What Every Woman Wants.The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Music Scoring of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture (Daniele Amfitheatrof).
 Chah Boneh (Persian: چاه بنه‎ also Romanized as Chāh Boneh) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District in the Central District of Mehriz County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Songbook is a cover album released by Angela Aki on January 11 2012. The album contains covers of 12 popular English songs mostly translated into Japanese with some of the original English lyrics retained.
 Compliments also known as Garcia is Jerry Garcia's second solo album released in 1974. It includes one newly written song by John Kahn and Robert Hunter but is otherwise cover versions. The album peaked at number 49 on the Billboard chart.
 Hochfelln is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 I Have Tourette's but Tourette's Doesn't Have Me is a documentary film featuring children between the ages of six and thirteen with Tourette syndrome. The film examines the lives of more than a dozen children who have Tourette's and explores the challenges they face. The 27-minute television documentary was produced by HBO in conjunction with the Tourette Syndrome Association and first aired on HBO on November 12 2005.
 The Purchase Independent was established in 2001. Commonly referred to as The Indy it is a student newspaper at SUNY Purchase (The State University of New York at Purchase College) USA. It is funded by the Purchase Student Government Association through mandatory student activity fees. The paper is published weekly during the academic year and is distributed on Thursdays.
 Setripn' Bloccstyle is the debut album by Sacramento rapper Mr. Doctor. It was presented by and features Brotha Lynch Hung. It was released on CD and cassette tape.
 Odds or Evens is an album by Mike Stern released in 1991 through Atlantic Records. The album reached a peak position of number eight on Billboard's Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart.
 Mont Granier is a limestone mountain located between the départements of Savoie and Isère in France. It lies in the Chartreuse Mountains range between the towns of Chapareillan and Entremont-le-Vieux. It has an elevation of 1933 metres above sea level. Its east face overlooks the valley of Grésivaudan and Combe de Savoie and the north face overlooks Chambéry. At 900 meters Mont Granier is one of the highest cliffs in France.
 Kuźnica [kuʑˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Przysucha and 104 km (65 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Tough Guys of the Prairie (Danish: Præriens skrappe drenge) is a 1970 Danish comedy film directed by Carl Ottosen and starring Dirch Passer.
 Matthew A. Trieber known as Matt Trieber is an American politician from Bellows Falls Vermont. A Democrat he is a member of the Vermont House of Representatives representing the Windham-3 district. He was appointed to the legislature by Governor Peter Shumlin in January 2011.Born and raised in Lynbrook New York Trieber is a graduate of the State University of New York at Stony Brook where he earned a degree in earth and space sciences.
 Skjervangen is a lake in the municipality of Eidskog in Hedmark county Norway.
 Idem Paris is a 2013 documentary short film directed by David Lynch. Filmed at the eponymous Idem Paris a fine art printing studio in Paris France and virtually wordless it documents the lithographic process. The film was edited by Noriko Miyakawa and mixed by Dean Hurley.Idem Paris was shot on high definition digital video presented in black-and-white and released on YouTube.
 Nude on the Moon: The B-52's Anthology is a two-CD compilation album containing 35 songs recorded by The B-52's between the years 1979 and 1998. This compilation includes live recordings of Quiche Lorraine and Whammy Kiss and a previously unreleased outtake version of Queen of Las Vegas.
 The Pine State Creamery is a former factory in Raleigh North Carolina. It is a Moderne style building built in 1928. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It is a Raleigh Historic Landmark
 The Lithobates brownorum is a species of aquatic frog native to southern Veracruz and northeastern Oaxaca east through the Yucatan Peninsula and the uplands of Chiapas to Nicaragua
 Molmys River (Russian: Молмыс) is a river in Perm Krai Russia left tributary of Yazva River. It is 100 km in length. Area of drainage basin is 1090 km². It starts on southeast slope of mount Vogulsky Kamen in the middle part of Kvarkush mountain range. It flows through southeastern portion of Krasnovishersky District its mouth located upstream of settlement Krasnyi Bereg.
 The Silo is a fortnightly agricultural newspaper printed and distributed in Lesotho.
 The River Avon local /ˈɑːn/ is a river in the Strathspey area of the Scottish Highlands and a tributary of the River Spey. It drains the north-eastern area of the Cairngorm Mountains and is largely contained within the Cairngorms National ParkThe source of the River Avon is conventionally said to be Loch Avon situated between Cairn Gorm and Ben Macdui (Gaelic: Beinn MacDhuibh). Loch Avon itself collects headwaters from a number of burns on these two mountains.
 Woodstock is a village in Champaign County Ohio United States. The population was 305 at the 2010 census.
 Sonnenheim is an album by Danish neofolk act :Of the Wand & the Moon. It was released in 2005 through Heiðrunar Myrkrunar.
 Visualize is a video release by Def Leppard. A compilation of promo videos interviews and concert footage. On DVD it is bundled with Video Archive. It won a 1993 Metal Edge Readers' Choice Award for Best Home Video.
 Mutineers' Moon is a 1991 science fiction novel written by American writer David Weber. It is the first book in his Dahak trilogy and is available in the Baen Free Library.It was later republished in the Empire From The Ashes compendium.
 Trigortsi is a village in Balchik Municipality Dobrich Province northeastern Bulgaria.
 Catoptria is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Just a Gigolo (1931) is a romantic comedy film released by MGM. It was directed by Jack Conway produced by Irving Thalberg and starred William Haines Irene Purcell C. Aubrey Smith and Ray Milland. It was adapted from the 1930 play of the same name which also starred Irene Purcell in the role of Roxana 'Roxy' Hartley. The film features the song Just a Gigolo.
 Wysoka Wieś [vɨˈsɔka ˈvjɛɕ] (German: Hochdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Tuchola and 51 km (32 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 110.
 The Black Sheep of Whitehall is a 1942 British black-and-white comedy war film directed by Will Hay and Basil Dearden and; starring Will Hay as Professor Will Davis John Mills and Basil Sydney. It was produced by Michael Balcon and Ealing Studios.
 The DeRidder USO was built for the same reasons as all other United Service Organizations; to provide a relaxing atmosphere to members of the armed forces. The building is located at 250 Seventh Street and is across the street from the present day Beauregard Memorial Hospital.
 Macrobrachium agwi is a species of freshwater shrimp that was first described in 2008 it is endemic to the Himalaya. It was discovered when a shipment of ornamental prawns destined for the aquarium trade was shipped from Cooch Behar East Bengal India to Europe. Examination of the shipment showed that one type of shrimp was a new undescribed species.
 Guy Fawkes is a 1923 British silent historical film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Matheson Lang Nina Vanna and Hugh Buckler. The film depicts the Gunpowder plot of 1605 in which a group of plotters planned to blow up the Houses of Parliament. It was based on the 1840 novel Guy Fawkes by Harrison Ainsworth.
 Saturday Club is a historic women's club clubhouse located at Wayne Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1899 and is a 1 1/2-story English Half Timber frame building. It measures approximately 55 feet by 75 feet and has a gable roof with three gabled dormers. Its appearance is patterned after Shakespeare's Birthplace in Stratford-on-Avon England.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Świdry [ˈɕfidrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko within Giżycko County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Giżycko and 92 km (57 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Basavaraju Saraiah is an Indian politician and an MLA in AP Legislative Assembly. He is an MLA from Warangal East. Recently sworn in as Minister for backward castes welfare in the Kiran kumar reddy lead AP State Cabinet. He belongs to the Congress party.
 Methodist Episcopal Society of Tyringham (or the Union Church and Parsonage) is a historic church at 128-130 Main Road in Tyringham Massachusetts. The property includes a Greek Revival church building built in 1844 and a parsonage house next door. The house was built around the same time as the church as a private residence. Between 1844 and 1907 the church was also used for town meetings.The property was listed on the National Historic Register in 2000.
 Bassenthwaite Lake is one of the largest water bodies in the English Lake District.
 The Eddy Block is a historic commercial building at 119-131 Main St. and 4 Davis Street in Webster Massachusetts. The three story brick building was built by Lyman R. Eddy in 1878 on the site of a previous block which had been destroyed by fire.
 Augustus is an epistolary novel by John Williams published by Viking Press in 1972. It tells the story of Augustus emperor of Rome from his youth through old age.Williams and Augustus shared the 1973 U.S. National Book Award for Fiction with John Barth and Chimera the first time the award was split.
 Mount Bate is a mountain on Vancouver Island in Strathcona Regional District British Columbia Canada 14 km (9 mi) east of the community of Tahsis and 21 km (13 mi) southwest of Rugged Mountain. Mount Bate is thought to have been named by George Henry Richards for Captain William Thornton Bate RN a surveyor who was killed in the capture of Canton during the Second Opium War in 1857. The mountain is at the head of Canton Gorge another geographical feature named by Richards.
 Cyphoma versicolor is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Kolyai (Persian: كليايي‎ also Romanized as Kolyā'ī) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District Mahidasht District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 357 in 82 families.
 Bend Me Shape Me is the second album from the 1960s jazz–rock group The American Breed released in February 1968. The album peaked at #99 on Billboard's pop albums chart and the title song became the group's only Top 10 hit reaching #5 on Billboard's pop singles chart in February 1968. The album and the single both went gold and remains the group's biggest selling album to this day. The only other major hit single from this album was Green Light (#39).
 Lowrider Magazine is a monthly magazine about cars focusing almost exclusively on the style known as a lowrider. The magazine has also released a series of videos available on VHS and DVD. It was founded in 1977 with the first issue coming out of San Jose California. There is also a clothes brand based from the magazine located at https://lowriderclothing.com . It is known for its loose fit hand woven flannel shirts.
 Parandrinae is a subfamily of the longhorn beetle family (Cerambycidae). This subfamily includes only a few genera. These beetles are very atypical for cerambycids in that the antennae are quite short and the tarsi have 5 easily-visible segments; they are thus rather similar in appearance to stag beetles.Parandrinae contains the following genera: Acutandra Birandra Erichsonia Neandra Parandra↑
 Al Anbaa' (Arabic: الانباء meaning The News) or alternatively Al Anba is an Arabic-language Kuwaiti daily newspaper. The paper is owned and published by Bab Al-Kuwait Press Co.
 La Guitarra de Gardel is a 1949 Argentine film.
 Leucanopsis longa the Long-streaked Tussock Moth or Long-streaked Halisidota is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Grote in 1880. It is found from North Carolina to Florida and west along the coast to eastern Texas. The habitat consists of marshes and wet sedge meadows.The wingspan is 38-48 mm. The forewings are light orangish-yellow speckled with brown. The hindwings are whitish.
 Sunshine Marketplace (was to be called Market Towers) is a regional shopping centre in Sunshine about 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Melbourne Victoria Australia. It has been built next to the existing Sunshine Plaza.Sunshine Marketplace has a variety of national international and independent retailers it has a Gross Lettable Area of 33850 m2 (364400 sq ft) 1743 parking spaces and approximately 74 stores. It is one of the few Centro shopping centres which had its own independent logo.
 St. John's Lutheran Church is a congregation of the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod located in Conover North Carolina and a member of the LCMS' Southeastern District. Officially formed in 1798 the church has a rich German history.
 Beddegama is a 1980 Sinhalese language film directed by Lester James Peries that follows the lives of village people in British Colonial Sri Lanka. The film is based on the 1913 book The Village in the Jungle by Leonard Woolf. Sir Arthur C. Clarke also has a minor role in the film as an English Judge.
 The Pahsimeroi River is a 58.7-mile-long (94.5 km) river in Idaho in the United States. It is a tributary of the Salmon River which in turn is tributary to the Snake River and Columbia River.
 Fire from the Sky is the seventh studio album by American heavy metal band Shadows Fall. The album was released on May 15 2012. The band released the title track as the first single on March 28 2012 and the opening track The Unknown as the second single on May 2 as well as a lyric video for the song. About a week later on May 10 the official music video for The Unknown was released through Vevo. The video features the band playing in an abandoned warehouse.
 Kurama Tengu (鞍馬天狗 Kurama Tengu) is a 1928 black and white Japanese silent film with benshi accompaniment directed by Teppei Yamaguchi. It is a film which is a part of the series depicting the bold and daring hero Kurama Tengu.
 Million Dollar Legs (1932) is an American comedy film starring Jack Oakie and W. C. Fields directed by Edward F. Cline produced by Herman J. Mankiewicz (co-writer of Citizen Kane) and B. P. Schulberg co-written by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and released by Paramount Pictures. The movie was inspired by the 1932 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles.
 The Revista de la Sociedad Química de Mexico or Journal of the Mexican Chemical Society (ISSN 0583-7693 CODEN RSQMAN) usually abbreviated Rev. Soc. Quím. Mexico or J. Mex. Chem. Soc. is a Mexican scientific journal in chemistry. It was founded in 1957 by the Mexican Chemical Society (Sociedad Química de Mexico). At the moment fulltext of the journal is available online for some volumes.
 István Szabó de Nagyatád (17 September 1863 – 31 October 1924) was a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Agriculture three times: in 1919 between 1920 and 1921 and from 1922 to 1924.He was born into a Hungarian Calvinist family in Erdőcsokonya (now: Csokonyavisonta after the union with Somogyvisonta). After collecting possessions he was elected municipal judge. From 1904 he politicizied in the assembly of Somogy County's municipal committee.
 Bluebell Morning is an EP by Ooberman released in May 2002 on the band's own Rotodisc label. The title track and SnakeDance were reworked and featured on the band's 2003 album Hey Petrunko.
 Lt.-Colonel The Hon. Clément-Charles Sabrevois de Bleury (October 28 1798 – September 15 1862) of Montreal was a soldier lawyer politician and newspaper founder. Bleury Street in Montreal is named for him. His nephews included the Prime Minister of Quebec Sir Charles Boucher de Boucherville and Louis-Tancrède Bouthillier from whose house the City of Outremont takes its name.
 The African Yellow Warbler Dark-capped Yellow Warbler or Yellow Flycatcher-Warbler (Iduna natalensis) is a species of Acrocephalidae warblers; formerly these were placed in the paraphyletic Old World warblers.
 Dupatta (Punjabi: ਦੁਪੱਟਾ) is 1970 Punjabi film directed by Mohinder Wahi starring Ravinder Kapoor Indira Billi Joy Mukherjee Sunder and Sonia Sahni.
 India Song is a 1975 French drama film directed by Marguerite Duras. India Song stars Delphine Seyrig Michel Lonsdale Mathieu Carrière Claude Mann Vernon Dobtcheff and Didier Flamand. The film centres on Anne-Marie (Seyrig) the promiscuous wife of the French Vice-Consul in India and was based on an unproduced play written by Duras. Although set in India the film was shot mostly on location in a mansion in Paris.
 Patricia Lake is a 32 acre spring-fed seepage lake close to the town of Minocqua Oneida County Wisconsin United States. It is located on the border between Onieda and Vilas counties just south of Wisconsin Highway 70 and northwest of Kawaguesaga Lake.The lake has no public access and boats with gasoline engines are prohibited.
 Hasan Hendow (Persian: حسن هندو‎ also Romanized as Ḩasan Hendow; also known as Ḩasan Hendow‘ī and Ḩasan Hendū’ī) is a village in Javanmardi Rural District Khanmirza District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1297 in 274 families.
 Sinocyclocheilus lingyunensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sinocyclocheilus.
 Mike Pantelides is the mayor of Annapolis Maryland. He is a Republican. Pantelides was elected in November of 2013 over then-incumbent mayor Joshua J. Cohen. Pantelides was 30 years old at the time of his election and is the city's first Republican mayor in more than a decade.
 Dublin Pond or Dublin Lake is a 240-acre (0.97 km2) water body located in Cheshire County in southwestern New Hampshire United States in the town of Dublin. The pond lies at an elevation of 1480 feet (451 m) above sea level near the height of land between the Connecticut River/Long Island Sound watershed to the west and the Merrimack River/Gulf of Maine watershed to the east.
 Nahara is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Sympistis nigrita is a moth of the Noctuidae family. The nominate subspecies is found in the Northern part of Europe.The wingspan is 22–25 mm(.8661-.9843in).The larvae feed on Dryas octopetala.
 James Richard Murphy known as Jim Murphy (born December 12 1957) is a businessman from his native Houston Texas who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives. From 2007 to 2009 and again since 2011 he has represented District 133 in Harris County.He is a candidate for a fourth nonconsecutive term in the state House in the general election scheduled for November 4 2014.
 Janis K. Lee is the chief hearing officer for the Kansas Court of Tax Appeals. She was a Democratic member of the Kansas Senate representing the 36th District from 1989 until 2010. She was Assistant Minority (Democrat) Leader of the Kansas House of Representatives from 1997 until her appointment as a hearing officer. She was also the vice-president of the Unified School District 238 Board of Education.
 The Mândra River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Subrata Saha is an Indian politician and the present Minister of State for Public Works in the Government of West Bengal. He is also an MLA elected from the Sagardighi constituency in the West Bengal state assembly election 2011.
 Warriors of the Rainbow: Seediq Bale (Chinese: 賽德克•巴萊; pinyin: Sàidékè Balái; Seediq: About this sound Seediq Bale ; literally Real Seediq or Real Men) is a 2011 Taiwanese historical drama epic film directed by Wei Te-Sheng and produced by John Woo based on the 1930 Wushe Incident in central Taiwan.The full version of the film shown in Taiwan is divided into two parts — Part 1 is called 太陽旗 (The Sun Flag) and Part 2 is called 彩虹橋 (The Rainbow Bridge) running a total of four and half hours.The film was shown in competition at the 68th Venice International Film Festival and was selected as a contender for nomination for the 84th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film in 2011. 
 The Valea Iepei River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Coleophora gypsella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Morocco.
 Amata magrettii is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Berio in 1937. It is found in Eritrea.
 Baqerabad (Persian: باقر آباد‎ also Romanized as Bāqerābād) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District in the Central District of Hirmand County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 70 in 16 families.
 Dichostrepsia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Finnish Aviation Museum (Finnish: Suomen ilmailumuseo) is a museum specialising in aircraft located near Helsinki Airport in Veromies Vantaa Finland .
 Monthly Comic Gene (月刊コミックジーン Gekkan Komikku Jiin) is a monthly Japanese manga magazine published by Media Factory since June 15 2011. It is marketed as a shōnen manga magazine for female readers. It was originally to be published in April 2011 but was delayed by two months as a result of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.
 90125 is the eleventh studio album from the English progressive rock band Yes released in 1983 on Atco Records.
 Cheesman Park is an urban park and neighborhood located in the City and County of Denver Colorado United States.
 Thermochoria equivocata is a species of dragonfly in family Libellulidae. It is found in Benin Cameroon the Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Equatorial Guinea Gabon Ghana Guinea Liberia Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Sierra Leone Uganda Zambia and possibly Tanzania. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Zombieactionhauptquartier is an album by the German metalcore band Callejon.
 Tyrinna burnayi is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Lubiewo [luˈbjɛvɔ] is a village in Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lubiewo. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Tuchola and 39 km (24 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.The village has a population of 1012.
 Xenophora corrugata is a species of large sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Xenophoridae the carrier shells.
 James Lane Buckley (born March 9 1923) is a retired judge for the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. He previously served as a United States Senator from the state of New York as a member of the Conservative Party of New York from January 3 1971 to January 3 1977.
 Broad Street National Bank is located in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 17 2008.
 Ravna Gora (Cyrillic: Равна Гора) is a mountain between towns of Prijepolje in Serbia and Pljevlja in Montenegro. Its highest peak lies on the border between Montenegro and Serbia and has an elevation of 1496 metres above sea level.
 Reheselja is a village in Emmaste Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
 Encuentros muy cercanos con señoras de cualquier tipo is a 1978 Argentine film.
 Love versus Money was the third and most commercially successful album for Australian rock band Noiseworks. It contained the Top 10 hit Hot Chilli Woman and the Top 20 single Miles And Miles. Amongst the well-known names that contributed to the album were Snap! singer Penny Ford Vika Bull and Michael Hutchence of INXS. The album also contained a tribute to frontman Jon Stevens's late mother who had died from cancer the song was titled R.I.P.
 Nature is a prominent interdisciplinary scientific journal. It was first published on 4 November 1869.
 To Rob a Thief (Spanish: Ladrón que Roba a Ladrón) is a 2007 Spanish-language film in which two thieves reunite to rob a television mogul.
 Hemiliostraca metcalfei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
 The Long Island Maritime Museum is located in West Sayville New York.
 Chameh Ben (Persian: چمه بن‎; also known as Chaman Ben) is a village in Chelav Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 65 in 20 families.
 Saint Louis Cathedral (French: La cathédrale Saint-Louis de Carthage) is an old Roman Catholic cathedral located in Carthage Tunisia.Situated on the peak of Byrsa Hill and near the ruins of the ancient Punic and then Roman city the cathedral is no longer used for worship but hosts concerts of Tunisian music and classical music. The only Roman Catholic cathedral operating in Tunisia is now the Cathedral of St. Vincent de Paul in Tunis.
 Pilgrim Congregational Church in Redding California was designed in 1958 by the American architect Frank Lloyd Wright and built between 1960 and 1963.One of the parishioners contacted Wright the legendary architect to inquire about designing a building. To the amazement of church members Mr. Wright responded to the proposal in January 1958 with these words: Tell the people of the little church that I will help them out.
 Głuchów [ˈɡwuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno within Kutno County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south-east of Kutno and 44 km (27 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 130.
 Logan's Sanctuary is an electronica album by Roger Joseph Manning Jr. and Brian Reitzell conceived as the soundtrack for an imagined sequel to the film Logan's Run.Manning's former bandmate in Jellyfish Jason Falkner contributed to two tracks. Also photographs of Falkner dressed in costumes reminiscent of the film were incorporated into the CD booklet.
 Chaharsu Poshteh (Persian: چهارسوپشته‎ also Romanized as Chahārsū Poshteh) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District Otaqvar District Langarud County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 22 families.
 The Bite in the Apple: A Memoir of My Life with Steve Jobs by Chrisann Brennan is an autobiographical book written by Steve Jobs' first girlfriend and the mother of his first child Lisa Brennan-Jobs. It was released on October 29 2013.
 Plocaederus glaberrimus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
 Suavotrochus is a genus of small sea snails marine gastropod molluscs in the family Solariellidae within the superfamily Trochoidea.
 Ablakh is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.
 Heterogymna pardalota is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1922. It is found in India (Assam).
 Henry Hikes to Fitchburg is the first book of a series of five picture books by D.B. Johnson based on Henry David Thoreau.Every Henry book has an author's note saying which passage by Thoreau inspired this particular book.
 Tonkinomys is a genus of Muridae rodent native to northeastern Vietnam. It was first discovered in a forested talus habitat in the Huu Lien Nature Reserve.
 The Ivoryton Playhouse is a small professional theater located in the village of Ivoryton in the town of Essex Connecticut USA. It produces shows year round March through December. As Comstock-Cheney Hall it is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 Arroyo Corte Madera del Presidio is a 4.1-mile-long (6.6 km) year-round stream in southern Marin County California USA. This watercourse is also known as Corte Madera Creek although the actual stream of that name flows into San Francisco Bay further north at Point San Quentin.
 The New Richmond Swing Bridge also known as The Fifty-Seventh Street Bridge is a one lane swing bridge in Michigan. Located in Allegan County's Manlius Township it connected 57th Street with Old Allegan Road over the Kalamazoo River until its closure to vehicular traffic. The name New Richmond comes from a former mining town in the area of the same name.It was built in 1879 at a time when the Kalamazoo River was navigable from Lake Michigan.The bridge's four spans reach 429 feet (131 m).
 The Weather Makers: The History and Future Impact of Climate Change (2005) is a book by Tim Flannery.The book received critical acclaim. It won the major prize at the 2006 New South Wales Premier's Literary Awards and was short-listed for the 2010 Jan Michalski Prize for Literature.
 Ang Huling Pagluha (The Final Shedding of Tears) was the first novel of Filipino novelist Iñigo Ed. Regalado that appeared on the pages of the Tagalog-language magazine Liwayway. It began as a serial novel in Liwayway on 30 June 1926. The 283-page book version was published in 1933 in Manila Philippines by the Bahay Aklatan Ang Pagsilang (Library House The Birth) during the American era in Philippine history (1898-1946).
 She Gods of Shark Reef is a 1958 B-adventure film directed by Roger Corman that was filmed on location in Kaua'i back to back with Thunder over Hawaii.
 Turritella broderipiana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.
 Kongskrona is a 1818-metre (5965 ft) tall mountain peak in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is the higher of the two peaks on the main mountain Vinnufjellet. Its neighbour peak is Dronningkrona which is about 2 metres (6 ft 7 in) shorter. The name means King's crown in Norwegian (the neighboring peak Dronningkrona means Queen's crown). The peak lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of the village of Sunndalsøra.
 The Hangu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. It flows into Lake Izvorul Muntelui in the proximity of Hangu.
 The Rivanna River is a 42.1-mile-long (67.8 km) tributary of the James River in central Virginia in the United States. The Rivanna's tributaries originate in the Blue Ridge Mountains; via the James River it is part of the watershed of Chesapeake Bay.According to the Geographic Names Information System the Rivanna has also been known as Mountain Falls Creek and River Anna.
 For the potter see Martin Brothers.Edwin McCammon Martin (1908–2002) was a government statistician and a United States diplomat.
 Made for Each Other is the debut album by Canadian country music artist Calvin Wiggett. It was released by Royalty Records in 1995. The album peaked at number 14 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
 Foiled is the fourth studio album by Blue October. The album was certified gold in the United States on August 9 2006 and on February 22 2007 was certified platinum. The album is also popular in Canada where it has also achieved platinum status.The album was recorded during the summer of 2005.
 The New York Post is an American daily newspaper primarily distributed in New York City and its surrounding area. It is the 13th-oldest and seventh-most-widely circulated newspaper in the United States. Established in 1801 by federalist Alexander Hamilton it became a respected broadsheet in the 19th century under the name New York Evening Post.
 The Dayton International Peace Museum is a museum located in Dayton Ohio at 208 West Monument Avenue. It is the second peace museum to be created in the United States with The Peace Museum in Chicago Illinois being the first. The Dayton International Peace Museum is a place for children and adults to find positive nonviolent alternatives to a culture of violence.
 Super Colossal is the eleventh studio album by guitarist Joe Satriani released on March 14 2006 through Epic Records. The album reached No. 86 on the U.S. Billboard 200 and remained on that chart for two weeks as well as reaching the top 100 in three other countries. Super Colossal was later nominated for Best Rock Instrumental Performance at the 2007 Grammys; this being Satriani's thirteenth such nomination.
 ARM System-on-Chip Architecture is a book detailing the system-on-chip ARM architecture as a specific implementation of reduced instruction set computing. It was written by Steve Furber who co-designed the ARM processor with Sophie Wilson.The book's content covers the architecture assembly language programming support mechanisms for high-level programming languages the instruction set and the building of operating systems.
 The San Francisco Bay Discovery Site is a marker commemorating the first recorded European sighting of San Francisco Bay. In 1769 the Portola expedition traveled north by land from San Diego seeking to establish a base at the Port of Monterey described by Sebastian Vizcaino in 1602. When they reached Monterey however they were not sure it was the right place and decided to continue north.
 Kaiwhekea is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Late Cretaceous (Maastrichtian age) of what is now New Zealand. The type species Kaiwhekea katiki was first described by Arthur Cruickshank and Ewan Fordyce in 2002. Kaiwhekea was approximately 7 metres long and lived around 69-70 million years ago.
 The Cathedral Church of St Mary is a Catholic cathedral in Newcastle upon Tyne England the mother church of the Diocese of Hexham and Newcastle and seat of the Bishop of Hexham and Newcastle. The Cathedral situated on Clayton Street was designed by Augustus Welby Pugin and built between 1842 and 1844. The cathedral is a grade I listed building and a fine example of the Gothic Revival style of architecture championed by Pugin.
 Doryteuthis opalescens the opalescent inshore squid is a small squid (mantle length (ML) up to 190 mm) in the family Loliginidae. It is a myopsid squid which is the near shore group and that means that they have corneas over their eyes. The species lives in the Eastern Pacific Ocean from Mexico's Baja California peninsula to Alaska USA and as an inshore squid it can be found with a range of 200 miles (320 km) off the shore.
 Hrudaya Kaleyam is a 2014 Telugu comedy film directed and produced Steven Shankar on Amrutha productions and VSS Creations banners jointly which stars debutantes Sampoornesh Babu Ishika Singh and Kavya Kumar in the lead roles. R.K. composed the music while Chiranjeevi handled the cinematography. The film is all about Sampoornesh a petty thief who robs parts in electronic shops and why this intelligent guy robs electronic shops.
 Bahrs Landing Famous Seafood Restaurant and Marina (locally known as Bahrs Restaurant Bahrs Landing or simply Bahrs) is a seafood restaurant bar and marina located in Highlands New Jersey.
 The Kingwood Center is a historic 47-acre (190000 m2) site with a house gardens and greenhouses located at 900 Park Avenue West in Mansfield Ohio. The house and grounds were built in 1926 for Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kelley King with grounds designed by Cleveland landscape architecture firm Pitkin and Mott. On November 7 1976 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Ostrówek [ɔsˈtruvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Phloeipsius fraudator is a species of beetle in the family Laemophloeidae the only species in the genus Phloeipsius.
 Wrong Turn at Tahoe is a 2009 direct-to-DVD thriller starring Cuba Gooding Jr. Miguel Ferrer and Harvey Keitel. The film is directed by Franck Khalfoun who also directed the 2007 thriller P2.
 Wolica [vɔˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój within Busko County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Busko-Zdrój and 51 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Kielce.
 Maranovići is one of the oldest villages on Mljet in Croatia. The place is located on eastern part of the D120 highway that runs through the whole island. Olive production is the main occupation.Maranovici also has its parish church of Sveti Anton.
 Alf is the debut solo studio album of British singer/songwriter Alison Moyet her first since leaving early 1980s synthpop duo Yazoo (also known as Yaz). Released in November 1984 the album which took its title from the singer's nickname went to No.
 John Russell was a Republican politician who was appointed Ohio Secretary of State from 1868-1869.John Russell was from Champaign County Ohio. He was chief clerk in the office of Ohio Secretary of State William Henry Smith. Smith resigned the office January 14 1868. John Russell was appointed by Governor Rutherford B. Hayes to replace him. Later that year at the State Republican Convention Russell came in fourth of four candidates for the nomination on the first ballot and withdrew.
 Best Worst Movie is an American documentary film about making the 1990 horror film Troll 2 and its subsequent recent resurgence as a cult film. Directed by Michael Stephenson the child star of Troll 2 the film debuted March 14 2009. Best Worst Movie was released on DVD on November 16 2010 distributed by New Video Group and can currently be seen on Epix Drive-In.
 Nguyễn Xuân Phúc (born 20 July 1954 in Quảng Nam Province) is one of four Deputy Prime Ministers of Vietnam. He's a member of the 11th Politburo in which he is ranked 14th making him one of the lowest ranked member.
 For the pupfish genus see Orestias (fish).Orestias was an ancient Greek settlement next to the Maritsa (or Evros) river near or at the site of present day Edirne and close to the current border between Turkey and Greece.Legends claim that Orestias was founded by Orestes the son of Agamemnon and Clytemnestra.Orestias or Orestia is thought to have been the same town as Uscudama (other variants: Uskudama Uskadama Uskodama) or Odrysa (other variants: Odrysia Odrysos Odrysus) which was the first Odrysian capital. 
 Diadibeny Gandega is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 A Small Place in Italy is a travel memoir and autobiographical novel written by Eric Newby author of The Last Grain Race and Slowly Down the Ganges. In 1967 Eric Newby and his wife Wanda acquire an old run-down farmhouse in Italy I Castagni (The Chestnuts) in the foothills of the Apuan Alps on the borders of Liguria and northern Tuscany.
 Geoffrey Robert Pope (born 1944) is a Liberal Democrat politician in the United Kingdom.
 Mandyada Gandu (Kannada: ಮಂಡ್ಯದ ಗಂಡು) is a 1994 Indian Kannada romantic drama film produced directed and written by A. T. Raghu. The film features Ambareesh Srishanti and Meghana in the lead roles. The film was widely appreciated for its songs and lead actors performances upon release. Ambareesh got the film's title name as a colloquial name tagged with him after the film released.
 Love Story is a 1981 film produced by Rajendra Kumar and directed by Rahul Rawail. The film stars Rajendra Kumar alongside his son Kumar Gaurav and Vijeta Pandit both making their film debut. Vidya Sinha Amjad Khan Danny Denzongpa and Aruna Irani also appear in supporting roles. The music was composed by R. D. Burman with lyrics by Anand Bakshi.
 George Washington Campbell (February 9 1769 – February 17 1848) was an American statesman who served as a U.S. Representative Senator Tennessee Supreme Court Justice U.S. Ambassador to Russia and the 5th United States Secretary of the Treasury from February to October 1814.
 The Nestelberg is a 402-metre-high hill in the Dahner Felsenland in the Wasgau a region that comprises the southern part of the Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate and the northern part of the French Vosges in the departments of Bas-Rhin and Moselle.
 Maurice Tellier (June 14 1896 – March 28 1966) was a lawyer and political figure in Quebec. He represented Montcalm in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1936 to 1939 and from 1944 to 1962 as a Union Nationale member. Tellier was Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from 1955 to 1960.He was born in Joliette Quebec the son of Joseph-Mathias Tellier and Maria Désilets. Tellier was educated at the Séminaire de Joliette the Université de Montréal and in Toronto where he articled with C.M.
 Saint Paul's Episcopal Chapel is a historic Episcopal church building in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1859 in a vernacular Gothic Revival style. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places as a part of the 19th Century Spring Hill Neighborhood Thematic Resource on October 18 1984.
 Panna Tal also known as Garuda Tal is one of the seven lakes of Sat Tal in Uttarakhand India.
 Rod Roberts (born October 22 1957) is the director of the Iowa Department of Inspections and Appeals. Roberts is also a former Republican gubernatorial candidate and five-term Iowa State Representative from the 51st and 80th Districts. He served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 2001 to 2011 and was an assistant minority leader.
 Jaton angolensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Benjamin James McConnell (September 28 1861—February 15 1923) was a politician in Manitoba Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1907 to 1914 as a member of the Liberal Party.McConnell was born in Point Alexander north Renfrew County Canada West (now Ontario) the son of Benjamin McConnell and Catherine Melville. He was educated at Pembroke and studied medicine at Queen's University in Kingston.
 The American Journal of Gastroenterology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published for the American College of Gastroenterology by the Nature Publishing Group.
 Enchanted Feminism: The Reclaiming Witches of San Francisco is an anthropological study of the Reclaiming Wiccan community of San Francisco. It was written by the Scandinavian theologian Jone Salomonsen of the California State University Northridge and first published in 2002 by the Routledge.
 Art For Obama: Designing Manifest Hope and the Campaign for Change is a 2009 art book dedicated to the United States presidency of Barack Obama.The book is edited by artist Shepard Fairey.
 Beautiful (Hangul: 아름답다; RR: Areumdapda) is a 2008 South Korean film and the debut feature of director Juhn Jai-hong. The film is based on an original story by Kim Ki-duk.
 Styx II is the second album by Styx released in 1973. After Styx moved to A&M Records and achieved national success in the US the album was reissued in 1980 by their prior label Wooden Nickel under the title Lady with new artwork—which is not to be confused with a Styx compilation album that was later released with the same name. It is also the only Styx album to not feature material written or co-written by guitarist James J.Y. Young (apart from their covers album Big Bang Theory).
 Bankstown Central Shopping Centre is a major regional shopping centre situated in the central business district of the City of Bankstown in the suburbs of Sydney Australia. Opened as Bankstown Square in 1966 it was at the time Australia's largest and was one of Sydney's first major shopping centres. The development of the shopping centre was a moment of significance in the development of Bankstown as a satellite centre of south-western Sydney.
 Beach conger Conger japonicus is a conger of the family Congridae. It is widespread in the North-Western Pacific ocean near the coasts of Japan Korean peninsula and Taiwan. Marine demersal fish up to 1.4 m length.
 Biała is a river in eastern Poland in Podlaskie Voivodeship a left tributary of the Supraśl River with a length of 29.9 kilometres and a basin area of 119 km2. Biała passes through Białystok from south to north-east.
 Usilla or Usula was a town in the Roman province of Byzacena now Inchilla in Tunisia.Ptolemy mentions the town which appears also in the Tabula Peutingeriana and other geographical documents. These indicate that it was situated 32 miles from Thysdrus (El Djem) and 28 from Thaenae (Sfax).
 George William Odlum (24 June 1934 – 28 September 2003) was a Saint Lucian left-wing politician who served as Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister. Born in Castries Odlum studied at Bristol University and Oxford University in the United Kingdom before returning to Saint Lucia as Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Trade. After working for the Commonwealth Secretariat and the West Indies Associated States he formed the Saint Lucia Forum a left-wing pressure group.
 Pattikkad is a small village near Perinthalmanna in Malappuram district of Kerala in southwestern India. It is situated at about 5 km from Perinthalmanna in the Perinthalmanna-Nilambur road. The railway station is on the Shoranur-Nilambur Railway Line. There are two Arabic colleges.
 Jorge Wilstermann (b. April 23 1910 in Punata Bolivia - d. January 17 1936 in Sipe Sipe) was the first Bolivian commercial pilot. The son of a mechanic who worked for Lloyd Aéreo Boliviano Wilstermann took an interest in aviation and became Bolivia's first civilian aviator.Jorge Wilstermann died in 1936 after an aeroplane accident when flying the Cochabamba–Oruro route on his Junker airplane. Wilstermann's pioneerism inspired homages in Bolivia.
 Aarnoud Jan Anne Aleid Baron van Heemstra (22 July 1871 — 30 December 1957) was a Dutch jurist and politician.
 The Black-faced Monarch (Monarcha melanopsis) is a passerine bird in the family Monarchidae.The Black-faced Monarch was most likely discovered sometime in the 1810s although its original discovery is somewhat controversial. According to many bird books the original discoverer of the Black-faced Monarch was Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot in the year 1818.
 Goślub [ˈɡɔɕlup] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek within Łęczyca County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Piątek 17 km (11 mi) east of Łęczyca and 34 km (21 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
 Cerithidea cingulata is a species of medium sized sea snails or mud snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Potamididae the horn snails.
 Bijou Creek is a 45.5-mile-long (73.2 km) tributary of the South Platte River in Colorado. The creek flows from a source in Adams County to a confluence with the South Platte near Fort Morgan.
 NFL SuperPro was a short-lived comic book series published by Marvel Comics. Produced in collaboration with the NFL and written by Fabian Nicieza the series started publication in 1991 and ended after 12 issues. The hero of this comic is Phil Grayfield an ex-NFL-American football player who survived a freak accident and wears a near-indestructible football uniform.
 Show Me Your Tears is the final album to be released to date by Frank Black and the Catholics. The album employs a wide range of guests including piano and an arrangement by maverick composer Van Dyke Parks on the final track. Within months of the album's release it was announced that Black would be participating in a Pixies reunion and since that time the Catholics have effectively been defunct.
 Changi Hospital was a former hospital located in Changi Singapore. The hospital was previously known as Royal Air Force (RAF) Hospital and was merged with the Toa Payoh Hospital and renamed as the Changi General Hospital.
 Wollomombi River a perennial stream of the Macleay River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 Labeo lankae is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.It is found only in Sri Lanka.
 The yellowbelly flounder Rhombosolea leporina is a flatfish of the genus Rhombosolea found around New Zealand.
 Scanning The Greenhouse is the first compilation album by the Swedish progressive rock band The Flower Kings.This album contains songs from their first four studio albums (including Roine Stolt's solo album The Flower King) and focuses on long tracks almost all of them with more than 10 minutes.
 Feay Inn is a historic inn located at Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. It was built about 1811 and is a 2 1/2 story I house style fieldstone building. It was built to take advantage of the traffic using the National Road.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Raducki Folwark [raˈdut͡ski ˈfɔlvark] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osjaków within Wieluń County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Osjaków 14 km (9 mi) east of Wieluń and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
 Un Pedacito De Mi (Eng. A little piece of me) is the fourth album from Mexican pop music singer and actress Lucerito. It was released on 1986. In this album it can be found the collaboration of the popular Mexican singer Luis Miguel with the song Todo el Amor del Mundo which was part of the soundtrack of the motion picture Fiebre de Amor.
 Crowfoot Mountain is a mountain within Banff National Park in Alberta Canada. The Crowfoot Glacier sits on the northeastern flank of the mountain. The mountain was named in 1959 after the glacier.
 Sapoot (English: Worthy Son) is 1996 Hindi action movie directed by Jagdish A. Sharma and starring Akshay Kumar Karishma Kapoor Suniel Shetty Sonali Bendre. Other cast members include Kader Khan Prem Chopra Johnny Lever Kiran Kumar Avtar Gill Mukesh Rishi Shalini Kapoor Jeetu Verma Mahavir Shah.
 Szkopy [ˈʂkɔpɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki within Sokołów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Sokołów Podlaski and 100 km (62 mi) east of Warsaw.
 Storms Over London Town is a live album released in 2006 by rock band Mostly Autumn. It was recorded on the Storms Over Still Water album launch at the London Astoria in 2005. This album features Thunder guitarist Ben Matthews Iona multi-instrumentallist Troy Donockley and Rachel Jones (now Cohen) ex-lead vocalist of Karnataka and current lead vocalist of The Reasoning.
 The Artan River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Emergency: This Book Will Save Your Life (published as Emergency : One Man's Story Of A Dangerous World And How To Stay Alive In It by Canongate) is a 2009 book on survivalist preparedness by Neil Strauss. In the book the author gains citizenship of the island nation of St. Kitts visits to a ranch called Gunsite to learn to shoot and learns techniques for tracking and surviving in the wilderness.
 The End of an Error is the second album by pop-punk band Houston Calls released on October 14 2008 on Drive-Thru Records. The band began recording demos for the album in 2007 as a follow-up to their debut album A Collection of Short Stories. Previously signed to Rushmore Records the band signed to Drive-Thru to release their new record. The album was recorded over a one-month span in the spring of 2008 at The Waiting Room Studios in North Hollywood California.
 The Venus of Konpara (1960) is a novel by John Masters which draws on an extreme version of the Aryan Invasion Theory model of ancient Indian history according to which invading Aryan barbarians ruthlessly crushed underfoot the indigenous Dravidian peoples of the country forcing them into the position of an oppressed underclass.In 1973 a dramatised version of the novel was broadcast on BBC Radio starring Liane Aukin and Ian Richardson.
 The Kurdistan spotted newt (Neurergus microspilotus) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found in areas of Iran possibly Iraq and possibly Turkey. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and rivers.
 The Ampoiţa River (Hungarian: Kisompoly) is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 Mount McKay is a mountain in the Australian Alps region of Australia's Great Dividing Range. Skiing is possible during the winter. Nearby is the Falls Creek Alpine Village.
 Life Studies is the fourth book of poems by Robert Lowell. Most critics (including Helen Vendler Steven Gould Axelrod Adam Kirsch and others) consider it one of Lowell's most important books and the Academy of American Poets named it one of their Groundbreaking Books. Helen Vendler called Life Studies Lowell's most original book. It won the National Book Award for Poetry in 1960.
 London Calling: Live in Hyde Park is a concert video of Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band's performance during the Hard Rock Calling music festival in Hyde Park London on June 28 2009. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray formats by Columbia Records on June 22 2010.The work takes its name from the rendition of The Clash's London Calling that began the concert.
 Harm's Way is a 1962 war novel by James Bassett.The explanation for the title was according to Bassett:I wish to have no connection with any ship that does not sail fast; for I intend to go in harm's way.—attributed to John Paul Jones[citation needed]
 Love Is the Song We Sing: San Francisco Nuggets 1965–1970 is the fourth Nuggets box set released by Rhino Records. It was released in 2007. The compilation focuses on San Francisco Sound bands. Its title is derived from the first line of Get Together by The Youngbloods.
 Sorolopha archimedias is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Thailand China Sri Lanka India Java and Australia (Queensland).The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults have brown forewings with a pale area at the apex with a white outline containing a large brown spot and a white outlined brown area of erect scales at the back of the thorax.The larvae feed on Cinnamomum verum Cinnamomum camphora and Syzygium aromaticum.
 The Neuquén River is the second most important river of the province of Neuquén in the Argentine Patagonia after the Limay River.
 Sacrifice is Sylver's fifth studio album released on 12 May 2009 in Belgium. The workingtitle was 'Resurrection' in the end Sylver decided to name the album 'Sacrifice'.Guitarist John Miles Jr. (son of John Miles) is also on the album cover who joined the band a short while before.
 Seth Morgan is a former Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives who represented the 36th District from 2009 to 2010.
 A Night At The Adonis is a 1978 gay pornographic film by legendary director Jack Deveau. The film stars Jack Wrangler Chris Michaels Big Bill Eld (aka Bill Young) and Mandingo. A Night At The Adonis is a highly plot-driven film and hails from the Golden Age of gay pornography.
 Robot Wrecks is a 1941 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 200th Our Gang short (201st episode 112th talking short 113th talking episode and 32nd MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Hakpara is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3395 people living in 595 individual households.
 Dalla puracensis is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
 The Indus River is a major river in Asia which flows through Pakistan. It also has courses through western Tibet and Northern India. Originating in the Tibetan Plateau in the vicinity of Lake Mansarovar the river runs a course through the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir towards Gilgit and Baltistan and then flows in a southerly direction along the entire length of Pakistan to merge into the Arabian Sea near the port city of Karachi in Sindh.
 Chris Taylor is an American lawyer and a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from the 76th District (in and around Madison Wisconsin). She was elected without opposition on August 9 2011 to succeed Joe Parisi who resigned when he was elected county executive of Dane County Wisconsin in the 48th Assembly District. Redistricting placed her in the reconfigured 76th Assembly District after the November 2012 elections. Taylor is a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council.
 Frying Pan Hole is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Dark Side Romance (Thai: เกิดอีกที ต้องมีเธอ or Goet iik thii tawng mii theu) is a 1995 Thai romantic fantasy film directed by Prachya Pinkaew.
 Carolina is a 2003 romantic comedy film directed by Marleen Gorris starring Julia Stiles Shirley MacLaine Alessandro Nivola Mika Boorem Randy Quaid and Jennifer Coolidge. Lisa Sheridan has a cameo role in the film and Barbara Eden has the uncredited part of Daphne. It is set in Los Angeles California. Shot in 2003 the film failed to find a distributor and was released direct-to-video in 2005.Miramax Films was the domestic distributor but failed to release it in theaters.
 St Bartholomew's Church Edgbaston also known as Edgbaston Old Church is a parish church in the Church of England in Edgbaston Birmingham.
 You've Been Spiked is a 2004 album by Chris Joss.
 Educação Visual is the first album of Portuguese MC Valete. It was launched in the year 2002.
 Harl H. Haas Jr. (December 24 1932 – September 21 2013) was an American politician and jurist in Oregon. A native of Missouri he served in both chambers of the Oregon Legislative Assembly as a Democrat before serving as a district attorney and Oregon Circuit Courts judge.
 Tabuina is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with three described species all endemic to New Guinea.
 Aura is a concept album by Miles Davis produced by Danish composer/trumpeter Palle Mikkelborg released in 1989. All compositions and arrangements are by Mikkelborg who created the suite in tribute when Davis received the Léonie Sonning Music Prize in December 1984 the year Decoy was released.
 Alfred Rochon (February 1 1847 – November 17 1909) was a lawyer judge and political figure in Quebec. He represented Ottawa electoral district in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1887 to 1892 as a Liberal.He was born in Sainte-Thérèse-de-Blainville Canada East the son of Élie Rochon and Sophie Ouimet and was educated at the Petit Séminaire de Sainte-Thérèse.
 Nevacolima jaliscoensis is a species of snout moths in the genus Nevacolima. It is found in west-central Mexico.The length of the forewings is 6.5–8.5 mm (0.26–0.33 in). Most of the costal half of the forewings is dusted with white while the posterior half is ochre red and reddish brown with fuscous or black distally. The hindwings are smoky fuscous but darker along the veins and near the costal and outer and posterior margins.
 Goszyn [ˈɡɔʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew within Tczew County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Tczew and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 183.
 Narayana Kocherlakota (born October 12 1963) is an American economist and is the 12th and current president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis.
 OSF Saint Francis Medical Center located in Peoria Illinois United States is a teaching hospital for the University of Illinois College of Medicine at Peoria and part of the OSF Healthcare System. The Center which is the largest hospital in the Peoria metropolitan area and in central Illinois is designated by the state of Illinois as the Level I adult and pediatric regional trauma center for a 26-county region in mid-Illinois.
 The Feneș River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 River Landing Village is a mixed-use developed proposed for Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. It is being built by Victory Majors Investments Corp.
 A Princess for Christmas or in the UK A Christmas Princess (previously known as the Canadian title Christmas at Castlebury Hall and A Princess for Castlebury) is a comedy-drama film by Michael Damian. The film premiered December 3 2011.
 The Tale of Little Pig Robinson is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter and first published simultaneously in Britain by Frederick Warne & Co. and in America by David McKay Company in September 1930. The tale is the story of the pig in Edward Lear's The Owl and the Pussycat and how he came to the land where the Bong tree grows.
 Mid-American Review (MAR) is an international literary journal dedicated to publishing contemporary fiction poetry nonfiction and translations. Founded in 1981 MAR is a publication of the Department of English and the College of Arts & Sciences at Bowling Green State University.
 Galya Stream originates in Mátra 830 metres above sea level Southeast from Mátraalmás Nógrád County Hungary. It flows to North up to Nemti where it flows to Zagyval.
 Suśnia [ˈsuɕɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Koźmin Wielkopolski 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Krotoszyn and 76 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Mighty Morphin Power Rangers The Movie: Original Soundtrack Album is the licensed soundtrack to the 1995 Twentieth Century Fox film Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie. It was released by Fox Records and Atlantic Records on June 8 1995 on Audio CD and Compact Cassette.
 Storms River is a river in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. The river mouth is located in the Tsitsikamma National Park. The 5 day Otter Trail starts at the Storms River mouth.
 Qarah Saqqal-e Olya (Persian: قره سقال عليا‎ also Romanized as Qarah Saqqāl-e ‘Olyā; also known as E‘temād) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District Qeshlaq Dasht District Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Baltalı is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar Ankara Province Turkey.
 Caloptilia cirrhopis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Tasmania.
 Parallax is the fourth studio album by guitarist Greg Howe released on November 21 1995 through Shrapnel Records.
 Sonubhau dagadu Baswant (born 10 February 1915) was a member of the 4th Lok Sabha of India from the Bhiwandi constituency of Maharashtra and a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party. He was also member of 3rd Lok Sabha from Thane.Born Khatghar Shahpur Thane district he was married to Parwatibai and resides at Shahpur in Thane district.
 Legendary Gambler Tetsuya (勝負師伝説哲也 Shoubushi Densetsu Tetsuya) is a gambling manga written by Fūmei Sai and Yasushi Hoshino. In 2000 it won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen. It has been adapted by Toei Animation as a 20-episode anime television series broadcast on TV Asahi from 7 October 2000 to 24 March 2001.
 The Chioara River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Haunted (Turkish: Musallat) is a 2007 Turkish horror film directed by Alper Mestçi about a young Turkish guest-worker who it is haunted by dark visionsin Berlin. The film which opened nationwide on November 16 2007 (2007-11-16) was one of the highest-grossing Turkish films of 2007.
 Chaudhara is a Himalayan mountain peak situated in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state in India. The altitude of the peak is 6510 m. The peak lies to the south of Ralam pass and north west of Panchchuli. The peak is so named due to the peak having four corners. The peak was climbed for the first time by an Indian team led by A.R.Chandekar and Sherpa Ajeeba in 1973. Rajrambha is its neighbouring peak.
 The Unknown Men of San Marino (Italian: Lo Sconosciuto di San Marino) is a 1946 Italian drama film directed by Polish director Michał Waszyński.
 Acraea sambavae is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 The Heveder River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 The Snake Range is a mountain range in the Great Basin region of the Western United States. The range is located in eastern White Pine County of central-eastern Nevada.
 Sarpsborg Arbeiderblad is a local newspaper in Sarpsborg Norway. It is published six days a week. The chief editor is Bernt Frode Lyngstad.It was established in 1929 after the demise of Østfold Arbeiderblad and was affiliated with the Labour Party. However the newspaper ultimately became non-partisan. It was stopped between October 1940 and May 1945 during the German occupation of Norway.It has a circulation of 13595 of whom 13345 are subscribers.
 The Alamat ng Gubat (Legend of the Forest) is a 2003 novel which was the fourth book published by Bob Ong a Filipino contemporary author noted for using conversational Filipino to create humorous and reflective depictions of life as a Filipino. Among Bob Ong's works it is notable for being the first one to be a self-contained straightforward narrative rather than a collection of anecdotes.
 Rhodostrophia calabra is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from the Iberian Peninsula and a small isolated population in Morocco through southern France the western and southern Alps Italy the eastern coast of the Adriatic Sea to the southern parts of the Balkan Peninsula. In central Europe it is only found as an isolated population in central France and Rheinland-Pfalz.
 John Mills Houston (September 15 1890 - April 29 1975) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from the 5th congressional district of Kansas from 1935 to 1943. He was also a member of the National Labor Relations Board from 1943 to 1953.
 Beaumaris Castle located in the town of the same name on the Isle of Anglesey in Wales was built as part of Edward I's campaign to conquer the north of Wales after 1282. Plans were probably first made to construct the castle in 1284 but this was delayed due to lack of funds and work only began in 1295 following the Madog ap Llywelyn uprising. A substantial workforce was employed in the initial years under the direction of James of St. George.
 For a Good Time Call... is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Jamie Travis. It stars Ari Graynor Lauren Miller Justin Long Sugar Lyn Beard Mimi Rogers Nia Vardalos Mark Webber and James Wolk. The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2012 where it secured a worldwide distribution deal with Focus Features. It was released theatrically in the United States on August 31 2012.
 Rosemary Clooney Sings the Music of Jimmy Van Heusen is a 1986 album by Rosemary Clooney of songs composed by Jimmy Van Heusen.
 A Wicked Ghost is a 1999 Hong Kong horror film directed by Leung Hung-wah starring Francis Ng Gigi Lai Gabriel Harrison Edward Mok Nelson Ngai and Celia Sze. It was followed by A Wicked Ghost II: The Fear in 2000 and A Wicked Ghost III: The Possession in 2002.
 Holdridge's toad (Bufo holdridgei) is a species of toad endemic to Costa Rica. In October 2008 it was declared extinct by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature in its Red List since the species had not been seen since 1987 despite years of extensive searches. However the species was rediscovered in 2009 and is now classified as critically endangered. It is believed that the species is most threatened by the presence of the chytrid fungus in its habitat.
 Carpiodes is a genus of suckers found in North America with these currently recognized species: C. carpio (Rafinesque 1820) (river carpsucker) C. cyprinus (Lesueur 1817) (quillback) C. velifer (Rafinesque 1820) (highfin carpsucker)↑
 Beam's Shell Service Station and Office located at 117 N. Mountain St. in Cherryville North Carolina was built in 1930. It includes Mission/spanish Revival architecture. It has also been known as C. Grier Beam Truck Museum.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The listing included one contributing building one contributing structure and two contributing objects.
 Wala Tessaddeq (Arabic: و لا تصدق‎) (Don't believe) is a 1993 album by the Syrian singer Asalah Nasri.
 7 Days News is a private weekly newspaper published in Burma. it was one of the best selling journals in Myanmar. It was suspended one week for publishing front page news on Aung San Suu Kyi in November 2010. Other publications also suspended were The Voice Weekly Venus News Pyithu Khit Myanmar Post The Snap Shot and Myanmar Newsweek. Thaung Su Nyein the CEO of 7 Days News Journal is son of Win Aung Ex-minister of Foreign Affair of Myanmar Government.
 What I Have Written is a 1996 Australian drama film directed by John Hughes. It was entered into the 46th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Río Grande (or Río Guapay) in Bolivia rises on the southern slope of the Cochabamba mountains east of the city Cochabamba at 17°26′11″S 65°52′22″W. At its source it is known as the Rocha River. It crosses the Cochabamba valley basin in a westerly direction.
 The Devon Ice Cap is an ice cap on eastern Devon Island Nunavut Canada covering an area of over 12000 km2 (4600 sq mi). The highest point on Devon Island is found at the summit of the ice cap with an elevation of 1920 m (6299 ft). The ice cap has a maximum thickness of 880 m (2887 ft) and has been steadily shrinking since 1985.The first ascent of the Devon Ice Cap was by Alfred Herbert Joy and his Inuit companions in 1926.
 Alfred Duff Cooper 1st Viscount Norwich GCMG DSO PC (22 February 1890 – 1 January 1954) known as Duff Cooper was a British Conservative Party politician diplomat and author. He wrote six books including an autobiography Old Men Forget and a biography of the French diplomat Talleyrand. He wrote one novel Operation Heartbreak (1950) which has been republished by Persephone Books.
 Ghosts is a horror comic book series published by DC Comics for 112 issues from September-October 1971 to May 1982. Its tagline was True Tales of the Weird and Supernatural (December 1978) changed to New Tales of the Weird and Supernatural as of #75 (April 1979) and dropped after #104 (September 1981).
 This article is about the role-playing game first published in 1992. For the 1975 movie that was the precursor to the Dukes of Hazzard see Moonrunners.Moonrunner is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Stephen Hand illustrated by Martin McKenna and originally published in 1992 by Puffin Books. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's Fighting Fantasy series. It is the 48th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-034937-5).
 Henry H.R. Hank Coe is a Republican member of the Wyoming Senate representing the 18th district since 1989. He served as the President of the Senate in the 2001-2002 session.
 The Jacuriaí River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Mickey Mouse Disco is an album released by Disneyland Records in 1979. A late entry in the genre of disco Mickey Mouse Disco included disco versions of Disney classics and Disney-fied versions of disco classics. Re-released on CD in 1995 this album is currently out of print in all physical formats but is currently available for download from iTunes.A music video of the album was released in 1980 and was occasionally shown on television since then.
 Ford Two is an EP released in 2000 by the hip hop group Atmosphere. Ford Two is the second installment of the 2 x 12 Ford EP The first being Ford One.
 Kinkdom (sometimes referred to as Kinks Kinkdom) is a US only album by the English band The Kinks released in 1965. As with the Kinks-Size album it is made up mainly of songs not released on an equivalent UK LP.
 The Third Album is the third studio album by American actor singer and songwriter Paul Jabara. The album includes the single releases Disco Wedding and Never Lose Your Sense Of Humor. The Third Album whose title and cover picture paraphrases the Barbra Streisand album of the same name was released in 1979 on the Casablanca Records label and again features guest vocalist Donna Summer.
 Heteropsis narova is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
 I Can See Clearly Now is the Grammy-nominated third album released by Gospel Gangstaz. It was released on May 18 1999 for B-Rite Records and featured production by Mr. Solo Tik Tokk Chillie' Baby DeMarie Meech Sheki Twenty20 and Trackmasters. I Can See Clearly made it to three Billboard charts 25 on the Top Heatseekers 11 on the Top Christian Albums and 3 on the Top Gospel Albums. I Can See Clearly Now was a critical success and remains the groups most successful album.
 Lachnolaimus maximus the hogfish is a species of wrasse native to the western Atlantic Ocean with a range from Nova Scotia Canada to northern South America including the Gulf of Mexico. This species occurs around reefs especially preferring areas with plentiful gorgonians. This species is currently the only known member of its genus.
 Niwnice [nivˈnit͡sɛ] (German: Neuland) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Lwówek Śląski and 109 kilometres (68 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Craugastor matudai is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Guatemala and Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Thede Farmhouse is a historic farmhouse in Northglenn Colorado United States. Built in 1903 it is a Queen Anne house. Today the brick farmhouse is surrounded by modern development. In 1998 the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places because of its well-preserved architecture.
 Hochbergellus is a genus of air-breathing land snails animal pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Polygyridae. This genus of snails has only one species which is not distinguishable from species of the genus Vespericola on the basis of shell characters. The two genera are distinguished only by internal anatomical characters.
 Entaha al Mushwar is the seventeenth album by Kathem Al Saher released on November 1 2005.
 We Have Secrets But Nobody Cares is the debut album from Brisbane singer and keyboardist Seja Vogel. The album was released in Australia on 27 March 2010 by Rice Is Nice and Other Tongues; and in the United States on 11 May 2010. Vogel used fourteen different analogue synthesizers on the album.
 The Güigüe River is a river of Venezuela. It drains into Lake Valencia.
 Windows of Heaven is Jefferson Starship's first studio album since reforming in 1992. It was first released in Germany but the band told fans to wait for a new American remixed version. The single Let Me Fly was released along with the American release but did not chart on the Billboard charts. Grace Slick joined the band in the studio to record vocals on I'm on Fire which only appears on the American and Japanese versions.
 Kenneth Wykeham McNeill MD MP (born October 1957 in Kingston St. Andrew Parish) is a Jamaican government minister and a medical doctor. He is the current Minister of Tourism of Jamaica (with his full government portfolio being Tourism and Entertainment). He is also the Member of Parliament for Western Westmoreland Jamaica. He was elected the first vice chair of the Executive Council of the United Nations World Tourism Organization in 2012 representing Jamaica.
 Live at Thee Circus is a live 12 vinyl release by Psychic TV.
 Trophon nucelliformis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The Ghost Belonged to Me is a novel written for children by Richard Peck author of Newbery Medal winning A Year Down Yonder.
 Lorenzo Robitaille (May 27 1882 – after 1906) was a Canadian politician.Born in Beauport Quebec the son of Alfred and Elizabeth (née Lynotte) Robitaille he was educated at the Mount St. Louis College at Montreal. He was in partnership with his father in the distillery business at Quebec and Beauport and owner of a Sugar and Vegetable preserve faction at St. Johns Quebec. He was chosen Secretary of the Manufacturers Association of the Province of Quebec.
 Frohnhauser Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Hawkins House later known as Sierra Nevada Museum of Art is a historic home in Reno Nevada. It was designed in a colonial revival style by Elmer Grey for Prince A. Hawkins a scion of the well-established Hawkins family in 1911. It is now the offices of the Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association (NIAA).It is adjacent to the Francis G. Newlands House a National Historic Landmark.
 The Broadkill River is a river flowing to Delaware Bay in southern Delaware in the United States. It is 13.3 miles (21 km) long and drains an area of 110 square miles (285 km²) on the Atlantic Coastal Plain.The Broadkill flows for its entire length in eastern Sussex County. It issues from Wagamons Pond in the town of Milton; the pond is fed by two tributaries known as Ingram Branch and Pemberton Branch.
 Ramnagar is a village development committee in Kapilvastu District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3143 people living in 531 individual households.
 The Spotless Grass-skipper or Inornata Skipper (Toxidia inornatus) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Indonesia (Irian Jaya Aru Islands Kei Islands) New Guinea Cape York and surrounding islands.The wingspan is about 25 mm. The larvae feed on Poaceae species including Brachiaria reptans. They live in the debris at the foot of its host plant or in a shelter of leaves joined with silk.
 The Halifax River is part of the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway located in northeast Volusia County Florida. The waterway was originally known as the North Mosquito River but was renamed after George Montagu-Dunk 2nd Earl of Halifax during the British occupation of Florida (1763–1784).
 The Moșu River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Matanuska is an impact crater on the minor planet 253 Mathilde. It is 2.9 kilometres (1.8 mi) in diameter. It is named after a coal field in the Matanuska-Susitna Valley of Alaska; the name was approved by the International Astronomical Union in 2000.
 The Glenamaddy Turlough is located east of the town of Glenamaddy County Galway in Ireland. A turlough is a seasonal lake which usually dries up in summer. Glenamaddy Turlough lies alongside the R362 regional road in the outskirts of the town and there is a car park and viewing area on the lake-shore.The town of Glenamaddy is reputed to get its name from the shape of the lake in winter which is said to resemble a dog.
 Annum Innum Ennum (English: Then Now and Forever) is a 2013 Malayalam film directed and scripted by Rajesh Nair starring Nishan Jishnu Siddique Fareisa Joemmanbaks Tashu Kaushik and Radhika. Produced by Usha Rajesh under the Vaya Films banner the film was shot mostly from Trivandrum.
 Aphonopelma chalcodes commonly known as the western desert tarantula Arizona blond tarantula or Mexican blond tarantula is a species of spider belonging to the family Theraphosidae. It has a limited distribution in the deserts of Arizona and adjacent parts of Mexico but can be very common within this range. The common name blond tarantula refers to the carapace which is densely covered in pale hairs and contrasts strongly with the all-dark legs and abdomen.
 Chris & Don is a 2008 documentary film that chronicles the lifelong relationship between author Christopher Isherwood and his much younger lover artist Don Bachardy. Chris & Don combines present-day interviews archival footage shot by the couple from the 1950s excerpts from Isherwood's diaries and playful animations to recount their romance. It was directed by Guido Santi and Tina Mascara and was the centerpiece film at NewFest the New York LGBTQ Film Festival in 2008.
 The Madcap Laughs is the debut solo album by the English singer-songwriter Syd Barrett. It was recorded after Barrett had left Pink Floyd in April 1968.
 The Pool is a 2007 drama film co-written and directed by Chris Smith. The film stars non-professional actors Venkatesh Chavan and Jhangir Badshah as well as Bollywood veteran Nana Patekar and newcomer Ayesha Mohan.The story revolves around a young janitor working at a hotel in the port city of Panjim India who sees from his perch in a mango tree a luxuriant garden and shimmering pool hidden behind a wall.
 Elaphrus tuberculatus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Elaphrinae. It was described by Maklin in 1878.
 Edward T. Ed Scott (born August 6 1965) is an American politician. Since 2004 he has served in the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 30th district in the Virginia Piedmont including Madison and Orange Counties plus part of Culpeper County. He is a member of the Republican Party.
 Osuga River (Russian: река́ Осу́га) is a river in Tver Oblast of Russia. It flows out of the Valdai Hillsand follows into the Tvertsa River.The towns located along the river include: Kuvshinovo.
 Wings for this Man is a propaganda film produced in 1945 by the U.S. Army Air Forces First Motion Picture Unit about the Tuskegee Airmen the first unit of African-American pilots in the US military.The film begins with dramatic footage of aerial combat over Italy showing an outnumbered American squadron successfully dogfighting a Luftwaffe formation.
 The Emperor's Tomb (German: Die Kapuzinergruft) is a 1938 novel by the Austrian writer Joseph Roth. The Overlook Press published an English translation by John Hoare in 1984. The novel was adapted into the 1971 film Trotta directed by Johannes Schaaf. New Directions Publishing Corporation published a new translation by Michael Hoffman in 2013[citation needed].
 Mayawati (Hindi: मायावतीAbout this sound pronunciation ) (Full name: Mayawati Kumari born 15 January 1956) is an Indian politician who served four terms as Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh (UP) as head of the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) which focuses on a platform of social change to improve the welfare of the weakest strata of Indian society—the Bahujans or Dalits Other Backward Classes and religious minorities.
 Moonshine is a 1918 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.While the film is considered incomplete there are different surviving prints of varying quality. The Kino The Genius of Buster Keaton DVD release presents about 6 minutes and thirty seconds sourced from the Cineteca Nazionale.
 Tamar Fattah Ramadhan Kuchar is the current governor of Iraq's Dahuk province in Iraqi Kurdistan. He has been actively involved in further developing Dahuk's educational and infrastructure capabilities. According to a pro-Assyrian Christian news source Governor Ramadhan was unresponsive and took no action in regards to several complaints filed by residents of an Assyrian village claiming that they were assaulted by a Kurd in April 2007.
 School Days with a Pig (ブタがいた教室 Buta ga ita Kyōshitsu) is a 2008 Japanese drama film that is based on a true event that took place in an elementary school in Osaka Prefecture. The film is directed by Tetsu Maeda and its story is based on a novel about the event by Yasushi Kuroda. Actor Satoshi Tsumabuki will play the lead role of the class teacher in this film.
 Built in 1926 the Casa Caprona (also known as the Markent Apartments) is a historic building in Fort Pierce Florida. It is located at 2605 St. Lucie Boulevard. Designed in the Mediterranean Revival style by architects Arthur Beck and J.K. Shinn it was envisioned as the centerpiece for the proposed winter community of San Lucie Plaza however due to the collapse of the Florida land boom the project failed. On June 2 1984 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Ahista Ahista (Hindi: आहिस्ता आहिस्ता Urdu: آہستہ آہستہ‎ translation: Slowly Slowly) is a Bollywood film released in October 1981. The film stars Kunal Kapoor Padmini Kolhapure Shashikala Shammi Kapoor Ashalata Wabgaonkar and Nanda. Beautiful lyrics and earpleasing music were the highlights of this film. 'Kabhi kisi ko muqammal jahan nahin milta' (twice) 'mana teri nazar mein' 'bin bulaye hum chale aaye' and 'nazar se phool chunati hai nazar' were welcomed by the music lovers.
 Dichomeris juniperella the Scotch Crest is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in almost all of Europe except Ireland the Benelux and the western and southern part of the Balkan Peninsula. The habitat consists of montane areas including open woodland mountainsides and gullies.The wingspan is 18–22 mm. The forewings are grey with two larger and one smaller central black spot.
 Things to Come from Those Now Gone is the third album by Muhal Richard Abrams which was released on the Delmark label in 1975 and features performances of seven of Abrams' compositions by Abrams with varying line-ups that include Wallace McMillan Edwin Daugherty Richard Brown Emanuel Cranshaw Reggie Willis Rufus Reid Steve McCall and Wilbur Campbell with vocals by Ella Jackson.
 Ten Out of 10 is the eighth studio album by 10cc and was released in 1981. It failed to chart in the US or UK. The album marked the first involvement with the band by American singer-songwriter Andrew Gold who was also invited to join the band but declined because of other commitments.Gouldman said the band's label in the U.S. Warner Bros. Records wanted more of an American flavour to the album. They were keen for us to work with an American producer or writer.
 Ed Rec Vol. 3 is a compilation in the Ed Banger Records annual compilation series. It was released on the 26th of May 2008. The compilation is available as an unmixed CD a gatefold LP and a 6x12 vinyl boxset which also includes the unmixed CD version.
 Jaczewek [jaˈt͡ʂɛvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre within Mińsk County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Guandu River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Surgeons' Hall in Edinburgh Scotland is the headquarters of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSED). It houses the Surgeons' Hall Museum and the library and archive of the RCSED. The present Surgeons' Hall was designed by William Henry Playfair and completed in 1832 and is a category A listed building.Surgeons' Hall Museum is the major medical museum in Scotland and one of Edinburgh's many tourist attractions.
 Scopula agrapta is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Kenya South Africa Tanzania and Uganda.
 Buenas noches mi amor is a 1961 Argentine film.
 Duševine (Serbian: Душевине) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Leave it to PET! (まかせてPETくん Makasete PET Kun) is a children's comedy manga series written and illustrated by Kenji Sonishi (そにしけんじ). The series was published by Poplar Publishing Co. Ltd. in Japan and licensed by Viz Media in North America.
 The Cobb River (also known as the Big Cobb River) and its tributary the Little Cobb River are small rivers in southern Minnesota in the United States. The Cobb River is a 78.6-mile-long (126.5 km) tributary of the Le Sueur River. Via the Le Sueur Blue Earth and Minnesota rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 Aiguille de la Grande Sassière is a mountain in the Graian Alps on the boundary between the Aosta Valley (northern Italy) and the French department of Savoie.On the Italian side it marks the end of the Valgrisenche; on the French side it commands the Val d'Isère.
 Nightmares in the Nineties is a compilation album by the heavy metal band King Diamond.
 The Shrewsbury Canal (or Shrewsbury and Newport Canal) was a canal in Shropshire England. Authorised in 1793 the main line from Trench to Shrewsbury was fully open by 1797 but it remained isolated from the rest of the canal network until 1835 when the Birmingham and Liverpool Junction Canal built the Newport Branch from Norbury Junction to a new junction with the Shrewsbury Canal at Wappenshall.
 The Loveday Honour is the fifth book in the Loveday series written by Kate Tremayne.
 Himantura is a genus of stingray in the family Dasyatidae commonly known as the whiprays. They are distinguished from other stingrays by a long slender tail without tail folds. Himantura species are very morphologically diverse and the genus may be polyphyletic. Most species are found in the western Pacific and the Indian Ocean.
 Sharing the Dream is a 1974 short 16mm film which recorded the Black Theatre dance workshops in Redfern in 1973 taught by Carole Johnson.Milena Damyanovic or Damjanovic produced and directed the film. The executive producer was Caroline Jones. The film was released in 1974 and premiered at the International Women's Film Festival in Sydney in 1975.
 Bruce Edward Johnson (born May 25 1960) is an American lawyer and Republican politician who was appointed the State of Ohio's 63rd Lieutenant Governor on January 5 2005 to complete an unexpired term. Johnson concurrently served as Director of the Ohio Department of Development. Johnson's rise in Ohio was swift. He entered politics in Columbus becoming Greg Lashutka's chief of staff after he managed Lashutka's successful 1991 campaign for mayor of Columbus.
 The Dreibelbis Station Bridge is a 172-foot-long (52 m) Burr arch truss covered bridge spanning Maiden Creek south of Lenhartsville Pennsylvania. The bridge was built in 1869 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 23 1981.
 Masumabad (Persian: معصوم اباد‎ also Romanized as Ma‘şūmābād and Ma‘soom Abad) is a village in Khusf Rural District Central District Khusf County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 774 in 199 families.
 First Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church located at 202 N 6th Street in Marshall Illinois. Built in 1909 the church was the third built for Marshall's First Congregation which was established in 1841. The Gray Construction Company built the church in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. The church has limestone walls laid in alternating smooth and rusticated rows. The asymmetrical entrance features two arches supported by columns with ornamental floral capitals.
 Shifting Through the Breakers is the second studio album released by Canadian singer and songwriter Morgan Finlay. It was released in 2007.
 Black Lightning (Russian: Чёрная Молния; translit. Chornaya Molniya) is a 2009 Russian superhero film directed by Alexandr Voitinsky and Dmitry Kiseliov and produced by Timur Bekmambetov.
 Mount Ascutney is a monadnock located in southern Vermont. With a summit elevation of about 3130 feet (954 m.) it is not the highest peak in Windsor County Vermont which is Gillespie Peak to the west. Particularly noteworthy about Ascutney are its granite outcrops one of which near its peak serves as a launching point for hang-gliders.
 Cosmopterix aculeata is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from India (Assam) China and Australia.It is multivoltine with adults recorded from March to November.
 The Schermützelsee is a lake in Brandenburg Germany. It is located in the town of Buckow in the district Märkisch-Oderland northwest of Müncheberg and 45 km (28 mi) east of the Berlin centre. With its surface area of 1.37 km² it is the largest water in the hill country „Märkische Schweiz“ and in the Märkische Schweiz Nature Park. At an elevation of 265 m its depth is maximal 38 m. The lake is fed by the Sophienfließ and groundwater.
 Dratów-Kolonia [ˈdratuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ludwin within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Sand and Blood (French: De sable et de sang) is a 1988 French drama film directed by Jeanne Labrune. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
 'ELO's Greatest Hits Vol. 2' is an album by the Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) released in 1992 as a follow up to their more successful ELO's Greatest Hits.
 Leptolepis (Delicate Scale) is an extinct genus of teleost fish that lived from the Middle Jurassic period until the Early Cretaceous. The genus is one of the earliest recognized teleost genera.
 Nothing Like This is the seventh studio album by country music group Rascal Flatts. It is their debut release after signing with Big Machine Records and was released on November 16 2010. The album's lead-off single Why Wait was released on August 2 2010. This song became their first number one single on the Hot Country Songs charts since Here Comes Goodbye. The album's second single I Won't Let Go was released to country radio on January 10 2011.
 Markowice [markɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno within Mogilno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Strzelno 19 km (12 mi) east of Mogilno 46 km (29 mi) south-west of Toruń and 49 km (30 mi) south of Bydgoszcz.It was the birthplace (1848) of the well-known German Classical Philologist Ulrich von Wilamowitz-Moellendorff born of a German aristocratic family.
 Nordlands Trompet is a tributary poem by Norwegian priest and poet Petter Dass praising the nature and people of Nordland. The poem was probably written between the 1660s and 1690s and was first published posthumously in 1739.Nordlands Trompet is regarded as Dass' most important work. The poem first gives a general description of Nordland including weather conditions animal life birdlife the Sami people fisheries and trade. Then follows descriptions fief by fief.
 Erie Canal Lock 52 Complex is a national historic district located at Port Byron and Mentz in Cayuga County New York. The district includes two contributing buildings (the Erie House and the blacksmith shop / mule barn); three contributing engineering structures (Erie Canal Lock 52 culvert and canal prism of the enlarged Erie Canal); and archaeological sites associated with the canal operations. Lock 52 was constructed 1849-1853 as part of the Enlarged Erie Canal program.
 Jarantowice [jarantɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Immenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Tricholaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.
 Palmdale Regional Medical Center is a private hospital located in Palmdale California.This hospital was the most expensive hospital project Universal Health Services has ever undertaken at US$200 million. Adjacent to the hospital itself is a 60000-square-foot (5600 m2) medical office tower called the Palmdale Medical Plaza.
 The Church of Saint Charles Borromeo and Our Lady of the Assumption (Spanish: Iglesia de San Carlos Borromeo y Nuestra Señora de la Asunción) is a Roman Catholic parish church in the neighbourhood of Prado Montevideo Uruguay.The parish was established on 29 April 1934.The temple is an interesting example of Modern Architecture using reinforced concrete with parabolic shapes; the project was designed by architect Juan Pablo Terra the structural calculation by Eladio Dieste the acoustics by Luis García Pardo and the construction was performed by the company Álvaro Palenga in 1956.
 The Waste Land is a long poem written by T.S. Eliot. It is widely regarded as one of the most important poems of the 20th century and a central text in Modernist poetry. Published in 1922 the 434-line poem first appeared in the United Kingdom in the October issue of The Criterion and in the United States in the November issue of The Dial. It was published in book form in December 1922.
 Molla Baqer (Persian: ملاباقر‎ also Romanized as Mollā Bāqer and Mollā Bāger) is a village in Golian Rural District in the Central District of Shirvan County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 704 in 187 families.
 Johnny Kemp is a the self-titled debut studio album by American recording artist Johnny Kemp. The first hit from the album was the single Just Another Lover. The album also includes the hits Cover Girl Penthouse Lover and Cant Get Enough. This album was digitally remastered first by Blue Bird Records in 2007 and recently by Funky Town Grooves in 2013 including 8 additional bonus tracks mainly remixes and instrumental versions.
 Straight Outta Compton is the debut studio album by American hip hop group N.W.A released August 8 1988 on group member Eazy-E's record label Ruthless Records. Its title refers to the group's native town Compton California. Production for the album was handled by Dr. Dre with DJ Yella giving co-production. The album has been viewed as the pioneering record of gangsta rap; with its ever-present profanity and violent lyrics it helped to give birth to this then-new sub-genre of hip hop.
 Four is a 2012 American independent feature film written and directed by Joshua Sanchez. It is based on the play of the same name by Christopher Shinn. The film stars Wendell Pierce Emory Cohen Aja Naomi King and E.J. Bonilla. The film premiered at the 2012 Los Angeles Film Festival where its ensemble cast won the top acting award. E.J. Bonilla received an Imagen Award nomination for his performance and Wendell Pierce received an Independent Spirit Award nomination for his performance.
 Qua Iboe River or Kwa Ibo River is a river in Nigeria.
 Parviz Varjavand (5 January 1934 – June 10 2007) (Persian: پرویز ورجاوند) was a notable Iranian archaeologist researcher university professor and politician who was a prominent member of Iran National Front.
 The Coghinas is a river of northern Sardinia Italy.
 Pontic shad Black sea shad or Kerch shad (Alosa immaculata) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alosa.
 Highway of Heartache is a 1996 feature film that was billed as the first Canadian country-western drag queen musical. Written and directed by Gregory Wild the film follows the misadventures of Wynona-Sue Turnpike (Barbara Chamberlin who also write the film’s score) on a raucous and unlikely road to Nashville superstardom.
 Ludgierzowice [ludɡʲɛʐɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Zawonia 14 km (9 mi) east of Trzebnica and 25 km (16 mi) north-east of the regional capital Wrocław.
 The Longest Voyage is a science fiction short story by Poul Anderson. It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1961.
 Henry Alfred Kissinger (/ˈkɪsɪndʒər/; born Heinz Alfred Kissinger [haɪnts alfʁɛt kɪsɪŋɐ]; May 27 1923) is a German-born American diplomat and political scientist. A recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize (shared with Le Duc Tho who refused the prize) he served as National Security Advisor and later concurrently as Secretary of State in the administrations of Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. After his term his opinion was still sought by some subsequent U.S.
 Termieraspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 Bad Milo! is a 2013 horror-comedy film written by Jacob Vaughan and Benjamin Hayes and directed by Jacob Vaughan. The film stars Ken Marino and was released in theaters October 4 2013.
 The Third Eye is a 1929 British silent crime film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Dorothy Seacombe Ian Harding and Hayford Hobbs. As part of a plan to rob banks a financier insists on installing new television technology in several branches.
 The Body Snatcher (1884) is a short story by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson. First published in the Pall Mall Christmas Extra in December 1884 the story is based on characters in the employ of Robert Knox around the time of the Burke and Hare murders.
 The Girl of the Golden West is a 1915 American Western film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. It was originally a 1905 play by David Belasco which he then turned into a novel. It became an opera by Giacomo Puccini (La fanciulla del West) in 1910. Prints of the film survive in the Library of Congress film archive. A later version with additional music by Sigmund Romberg was a 1938 film with Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy.
 The Boul River is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.
 The Splendid Royal Moth (Citheronia splendens) is a moth of the Saturniidae family. It is found from southern Arizona south into central and south-eastern Mexico.The wingspan is 106–150 millimetres (4.2–5.9 in). Adults are on wing from July to August.
 Pravin Jamnadas Gordhan (born 12 April 1949 in Durban) is a South African politician serving as Minister of Finance since May 2009.
 Lyseren is a lake in the municipalities of Enebakk in Akershus county and Spydeberg in Østfold county Norway.Lake Lyseren has a key role in the murder mystery unfolding in the Norwegian detective thriller The Leopard. Some episodes in the book feature police detectives from cosmopolitan Oslo coming to conduct investigations in the rural environment of Lyseren.
 Un novio para Yasmina is a 2008 film.
 Urban Realm formerly Prospect is a quarterly architecture and planning magazine published in Scotland with a focus on Scottish issues. The magazine was established as Prospect in 1922 by the Royal Incorporation of Architects in Scotland and is the oldest architectural magazine in the United Kingdom. It was rebranded as Urban Realm to reflect the wider environment in which architecture operates covering policy planning engineering and strategic issues as well as new buildings.
 Tornado Alley is a collection of short stories and one poem by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs written during the later years of his career and first published in 1989. The first edition of the book included illustrations by S. Clay Wilson.Notable pieces in the collection include the poem Thanksgiving Day Nov. 28 1986 and the crime melodrama Where He Was Going both of which are read by Burroughs on his album Dead City Radio.
 Transsiberian is a 2008 Spanish-German-British-Lithuanian thriller film set on the Trans-Siberian Railway in which an American couple's journey from China to Russia becomes a nightmare after they befriend a pair of fellow travellers.It was directed by Brad Anderson and stars Woody Harrelson Emily Mortimer and Ben Kingsley. Filming began in December 2006 in Vilnius Lithuania with additional photography in Beijing and Russia.
 Jim Sacia was a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives serving the 89th district from January 2003 to October 2013 when he was succeeded by Brian Stewart. The district located in the northwest corner of the state includes all or parts of Coleta East Dubuque Freeport Galena Lena Mount Carroll Mount Morris Stockton and Winnebago.
 Hvězda zvaná Pelyněk (English: The Star Called Wormwood) is a 1964 Czech drama film written and directed by Martin Frič. It depicts the events of 1918 mutiny of Czech soldiers serving in the Austro-Hungarian army in Rumburk garrison.
 Kenkere is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chiknayakanhalli taluk of Tumkur district in Karnataka.
 The Santiago Museum of Contemporary Art (Spanish: Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Santiago or MAC) is located in Santiago Chile. It is one of the city’s major museums created in 1947 and is run by the University of Chile Faculty of Arts.
 Go Go 70s (Hangul: 고고70) is a 2008 South Korean drama/musical film set in the 1970s.
 El Barco is a village in Tucumán Province in Argentina.
 Krajno Drugie [ˈkrai̯nɔ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górno within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Górno and 17 km (11 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.
 Angeneh (Persian: انگنه‎ also Romanized as Anganeh; also known as Angyan and Angyana) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District Nazlu District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 628 in 168 families.
 The Green Hylia (Hylia prasina) is a songbird species traditionally included in the Old World warbler assemblage but probably belonging to the bush-warbler family (Cettiidae).
 Cenochlora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 The Sella River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Second Bureau (French:Deuxième bureau) is a 1935 French spy romance film directed by Pierre Billon and starring Jean Murat Véra Korène and Janine Crispin. It is based on the novel Second Bureau by Charles Robert-Dumas. The following year it was remade as a British film by Victor Hanbury.
 A Poet's Bible: Rediscovering The Voices of the Original Text is a 1991 partial translation of the Old Testament of the Hebrew Bible and some related apocrypha into English by David Rosenberg. Rosenberg's philosophy in approaching the Hebrew text was to render into English not a literal translation of the Old Testament material for religious purposes but to capture the essence of the art as viewed by the contemporaries of the authors.
 Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm is a classic American 1903 children's novel by Kate Douglas Wiggin that tells the story of Rebecca Rowena Randall and her two stern aunts in the fictional village of Riverboro Maine. Rebecca's joy for life inspires her aunts but she faces many trials in her young life gaining wisdom and understanding. Wiggin wrote a sequel New Chronicles of Rebecca.
 Ashraf Rifi (Arabic: أشرف ريفي‎; also spelled Achraf Rifi) (born 1 April 1954) was the general director of the Lebanese Internal Security Forces (ISF; the national police) from 2005 to 2013. He has been serving as minister of justice since 15 February 2014.
 Kelagar Mahalleh (Persian: كلاگرمحله‎ also Romanized as Kelāgar Maḩalleh) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District Gatab District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1335 in 356 families.
 Le Majordome is a 1965 French and Italian comedy film directed by Jean Delannoy.
 The Journal of Indian Society of Pedodontics and Preventive Dentistry is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Pedodontics and Preventive Dentistry. The journal covers research in pediatric dentistry preventive and community dentistry oral pathology and dentofacial orthopedics.
 Coleophora graminicolella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Europe. It has been recorded from Andorra Italy Hungary Bulgaria Romania Croatia Czech Republic Slovakia Slovenia Poland Switzerland the Netherlands Germany Denmark Fennoscandia Estonia Latvia Lithuania southern Russia and the Near East.The wingspan is 15–17 mm.
 The Main Interior Building also known as the Stewart Lee Udall Department of the Interior Building located in Washington D.C. is the headquarters of the United States Department of the Interior.Located in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood it is bounded by 19th Street NW on the west 18th Street NW on the east E Street NW on the north C Street NW on the south and Virginia Avenue on the southwest.
 Saint Paul's Episcopal Church is a historic church building at 308 N. Monroe in Waxahachie Texas.The Gothic Revival church building was constructed in 1885 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Smokescreen is a 1964 British crime thriller written and directed by Jim O'Connolly and starring Peter Vaughan.
 The Washington Blade is a lesbian gay bisexual and transgender (LGBT) newspaper in the Washington D.C. metropolitan area. The Blade is the oldest LGBT newspaper in the United States and second largest by circulation behind Gay City News of New York City. The Blade is often referred to as America's gay newspaper of record because it chronicled LGBT news locally nationally and internationally.
 Envira River is a river of Acre and Amazonas states in western Brazil.
 Czaple [ˈt͡ʂaplɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiel within Żary County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland close to the German border.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 Safar Zehi (Persian: صفرزهي‎ also Romanized as Şafar Zehī; also known as Şafar Zā’ī Separze‘ī and Separze’t) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District in the Central District of Chabahar County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 548 in 98 families.
 Carmen Milagros Ortiz (born January 5 1956) is the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts.In 2009 she was nominated to the position by President Barack Obama. Ortiz is both the first woman and the first Hispanic to serve as U.S. Attorney for Massachusetts. She succeeded Michael Sullivan in that position with Michael J. Loucks serving as the interim U.S. Attorney between Sullivan's resignation and Ortiz's confirmation.
 Defending Your Life is a 1991 romantic comedy-fantasy film about a man who dies and arrives in the afterlife only to find that he must stand trial and justify his lifelong fears in order to advance to the next phase of life; or be sent back to earth to do it again. The film was written directed by and stars Albert Brooks. It also stars Meryl Streep Rip Torn Lee Grant and Buck Henry. The film was shot entirely in and around Los Angeles California.
 Mal Kelapa Gading (English: Kelapa Gading Mall) opened on 1990 is a modern shopping and entertainment center located in Kelapa Gading Jakarta Indonesia. It is one of the largest shopping mall in Indonesia with over 130000 m² of floor space and 600+ stores.
 Michael Brennan (born 24 September 1946) is a former Irish politician from Adare in County Limerick who served as a member of Seanad Éireann.Brennan was a Fianna Fáil member of Limerick County Council for over 20 years and served as chairman of the council in 2000. He contested the 1997 general election as an Independent candidate having failed to get a Fianna Fáil nomination to run for the party.
 The Kangaroo Island dunnart (Sminthopsis aitkeni) is a dark sooty-grey coloured dunnart species first described in 1969 with paler underparts of its body. It has an average body length of 170mm-198mm a snout to anus length of 80-93 mm a tail measurement of 90-105 mm a hind foot of 17.5mm ear length of 18mm and a weight which varies between 20-25 grams. The thin tail has the same colouring.
 Kandilli Earthquake Museum or more formally Museum of Kandilli Observatory and Earthquake Research Institut (Turkish: Kandilli Rasathanesi ve Deprem Araştırma Enstitüsü Müzesi) is a museum devoted mainly to seismology and earthquake science in Turkey.
 Kongde Ri (sometimes Kwangde Ri) is a mountain in the Himalaya of eastern Nepal. The mountain is located four km west of Namche Bazaar.The mountain is classified as a trekking peak but it is considered one of the more difficult to climb. A climbing permit costs $350 USD for up to 4 climbers.
 Live at the Paradiso – Amsterdam is Live's first live concert album and DVD.
 Dr. Hugh Heyne Smythe (August 19 1913 – June 22 1977) was an American author sociologist diplomat and professor. He was an authority on African anthropology and East Asian studies. He served as the United States Ambassador to Syria and Malta.Smythe was the tenth African-American U.S. ambassador and the first to a Middle Eastern country. His tenure coincided with the Six Day War and the severing of diplomatic ties with the United States. He left the country on June 8 1967.
 C. Divakaran (born 4 September 1942) is an Indian politician State Executive Member of Communist Party of India (CPI) and National Working Committee Member of All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC). He is the former Minister for Food and Civil Supplies in the Government of Kerala. He represents the Karunagappalli constituency in Kollam district in the Kerala Legislative Assembly.
 Home Grown Studio Sessions is the third album by Flaw. It was independently produced and released by the band. Only 3000 hard produced copies of the CD were made making it limited edition.The recording took place at Shreddy Munster Studios in Louisville Kentucky. Due to the low quality production it has not received a warm reception among fans and critics.
 The General of the Dead Army (Italian: Il generale dell'armata morta) is a 1983 Italian drama film directed by Luciano Tovoli. It is based on the novel by Ismail Kadare of the same name.
 23 Hours is a 2009 vampire novel written by David Wellington. It is a sequel to 2008's Vampire Zero.
 Across the Sea of Suns is a Jefferson Starship live album. The album was produced by using recordings from four different live venues: Bottom Line in New York City; The IMAC at Huntington NY; New Park Entertainment in Philadelphia; and The Keswick Theatre in Glenside PA. The album had further studio production at American Recording in Calabasas CA. Most of the tracks used for the final album were from The Bottom Line and none of the tracks recorded in Philadelphia were used.
 Frouckje State is a restaurant in Ryptsjerk in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star in the period 2009–2013. In the period 2006-2008 the restaurant was awarded a Bib Gourmand.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 15 out of 20 points.Head chef of Frouckje State is Gilbert van der Heide. He took over the reign of the kitchen in 2006 when chef René Vaartjes left.Frouckje State is in existence from 1976 as a party centre and restaurant.
 Text & Talk is a double-blind peer-reviewed journal published by Mouton de Gruyter. It provides an international and interdisciplinary forum for publication of research in language discourse and communication studies.The journal was first published under the name TEXT in 1981.The editor for 2020 is Srikant Sarangi (Cardiff University).
 David Marshall (October 26 1846 – February 14 1920) was a Canadian politician.Born in Halton County Canada West Marshall was a businessman before being elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the Ontario electoral district of Elgin East in a 1906 by-election after the sitting MP Andrew B. Ingram was appointed Vice Chairman of the Ontario Railway and Municipal Commission. A Conservative he was re-elected in 1908 1911 and 1917. He died in office in 1920.
 Tolpia parasarawakia is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Sumatra.The wingspan is 13-14 mm. The hindwing is brown and the underside unicolorous brown.
 Granada Towers is a historic apartment building / hotel located at Long Beach in Nassau County New York. It was designed in 1929 in the Spanish Revival style. It consists of three tower seven stories tall. It is built of orange-brown brick with terra cotta and stucco trim. The entry has terra cotta pilasters with spindle shafts and composite capitals.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Red Indian Folk and Fairy Tales is a 1960 anthology of 19 fairy tales from North American Indian culture that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. It is one in a long series of such anthologies by Manning-Sanders.
 Matic is the second studio album by Pinoy Rock quintet Cambio. It was released on July 2 2007 after signing with MCA Music Philippines.
 The Love of Hopeless Causes was released in 1993 and is the sixth studio album by British rock band New Model Army. It was produced by Niko Bolas except Afternoon Song which was produced by Riku Mattila.
 Honora dotella is a species of snout moths in the genus Honora. It was described by Dyar in 1910. It is found in the coastal mountains of California from Monterey County southward.The length of the forewings is 8.5-12.5 mm. The basal area of the forewings is rust red.
 The Edward Gardner House is a historic house at Zero Gardner Place in Winchester Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house built c. 1764 is one of the oldest buildings in Winchester and is also important for its association with the Gardner family who were early settlers of the area. The main block is five bays wide and only one room deep with a large central chimney. The front entry is framed by half-length sidelight windows and pilasters supporting an entablature.
 Dereiçi is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 157 people.
 How Much for Happy is Canadian actress and singer-songwriter Cassie Steele's debut album. How Much for Happy was released in Canada on March 15 2005 and in the U.S. on April 26 2005. The album was sold on iTunes in the U.S. for a few months but after having an argument with Rob'N'Steal Productions about the distribution of How Much for Happy the album was removed from iTunes yet was still available on Amazon.com.
 Orlando Bush (December 25 1849 – April 29 1925) was a farmer businessman and political figure in Ontario and Alberta. He represented Grenville in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Conservative member from 1890 to 1898.He was born in Oxford Township Grenville County Canada West in 1849 the son of Henry Bush (1807-1894) and his wife Maria Stanley and a grandson of a United Empire Loyalist ( and was educated in the local schools. In 1882 he married Ellen Mundle.
 Conus clarus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Anycles cupreus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1901. It is found in Mexico.
 Thompson Street is the third solo album by American country music singer Brady Seals. It was released in February 2003 via Image Entertainment. No singles were released from it and after its release Seals founded the band Hot Apple Pie.
 Divinity is the second studio album from the Finnish power metal band Altaria.
 Muratyn-Kolonia [muˈratɨn kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów within Tomaszów Lubelski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Mahars of Pellucidar is a 1976 novel written by John Eric Holmes the first of his Pellucidar pastiches first published by Ace Books in 1976.Set in Edgar Rice Burroughs' imaginary interior world of Pellucidar the book features a species of intelligent flying reptiles (Mahars) invented by Burroughs in his first Pellucidar novel At the Earth's Core. Holmes' human protagonist Christopher West was named in honor of his own son Christopher West Holmes.
 The Câinele River or Rarița River is a tributary of the Olăneşti River in Romania.
 Sørhellhøin is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Fists of Vengeance is a 1972 Hong Kong film. It was produced under the Shaw Studios banner.
 Elmapınar is a village in the District of Kalecik Ankara Province Turkey.
 Yagami-kun's Family Affairs (八神くんの家庭の事情 Yagami-kun no Katei no Jijō) is a manga series by Kei Kusunoki which was originally serialized in Japan in Young Sunday from March 1986 to May 1990. The manga was later adapted into a three episode OVA series in 1990 and an eleven episode television drama.
 Hecla and Griper Bay is an Arctic waterway. Located in the Hazen Strait it is a large inlet in the north of Melville Island Canada. It is split between the Northwest Territories and Nunavut. The bay takes its name from Arctic explorer William Edward Parry's ships HMS Hecla and HMS Griper.
 The Rest Harrow (Aplasta ononaria) is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Southern Europe to Anatolia and from England to the Baltic States.The wingspan is 26–31 mm. The length of the forewings 13–14 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.The larvae feed on Ononis.
 Kayabaşı is a village in the District of Şavşat Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 19 people.
 Vrba is a village situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.
 Far from the Lies is the second full-length album by Greeley Estates released on June 6 2006 through Record Collection.The album is the last to feature Greeley Estates' emo/post-hardcore sound before the band moved to metalcore on the next album Go West Young Man Let the Evil Go East. The sound on Far From the Lies was described as having songs that float between choruses using a dash of post-hardcore here a pinch of screamo there and a warm helping of some modern rock.
 Leptostylus angulicollis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1885 and is known from Guatemala and El Salvador.
 Chah-e Moseyleh (Persian: چاه مسيله‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Moseyleh) is a village in Keybar Rural District Jolgeh Zozan District Khvaf County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 159 in 35 families.
 SuperTex (2003) is a Dutch film that runs approximately 97 minutes. The drama was filmed in English and directed by Jan Schütte.
 Mayberry Mall is a shopping mall located just outside Mount Airy North Carolina on the east side of U.S. Highway 52. It was named after the fictitious town of Mayberry in which The Andy Griffith Show was based. The anchor stores are Belk J.C. Penney and Kmart.Opened in 1968 it is the only shopping center between Winston-Salem North Carolina and Roanoke Virginia. One of the original anchor stores was W.T. Grant's Grant City which closed in 1975 and became Kmart.
 Neuropharmacology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of neuroscience. It was established in 1962 as the International Journal of Neuropharmacology and obtained its current name in 1970.
 Diobsud Creek Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the east slopes of Bacon Peak. Diobsud Creek Glacier has a shallow gradient descending to the east from 7000 to 6000 ft (2100 to 1800 m) for a distance of nearly 1 mi (1.6 km). The ridge is an arête which separates Diobsud Creek Glacier from Green Lake Glacier to the north.
 The Gorbio River is a short river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. Its source is between the small towns Peille and Gorbio. It flows into the Mediterranean Sea at Roquebrune-Cap-Martin.
 Marmalade Boy (ママレード·ボーイ Mamarēdo Bōi) is a shōjo manga by Wataru Yoshizumi. It was published by Shueisha in the magazine Ribon from May 1992 to October 1995 and collected in eight tankōbon volumes. The series was adapted by Toei Animation as a 76-episode anime television series which aired on TV Asahi and Fuji TV in 1994 to 1995. This was followed by a prequel theatrical anime movie in 1995.
 Agaraea uniformis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Brazil.
 Res Publica is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of moral legal social and political philosophy. It was established in 1995 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editors-in-chief are Philip Cook (University of Edinburgh) and Sune Lægaard (Roskilde University).
 Timberline Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Situated on a high shelf immediately east of Buck Mountain and north of Static Peak Timberline Lake is one of the highest altitude lakes in Grand Teton National Park.
 Isaac Applewhite House is a historic house on Church Street in Chappell Hill Texas.It was built in 1852 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Norman Sakamoto (born May 22 1947) served as a Democratic member of the Hawaii Senate from 1996 to 2010. He represented Hawaii Senatorial District 15 comprising the communities of Aliamanu Foster Village Halawa Hickam Kalihi Lower Aiea Mapunapuna Moanalua Pearlridge and Salt Lake on the island of Oahu.
 Cerro Arenales is a heavily ice-covered stratovolcano located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile within Laguna San Rafael National Park. It towers over the southern part of the Northern Patagonian Ice Field. Arenales has a summit elevation of 3437 meters (11276 feet) above sea level.
 Podleszany [pɔdlɛˈʂanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielec within Mielec County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Mielec and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.The village has a population of 1562.
 About this sound Návsí (Polish: Nawsie  Cieszyn Silesian: Nowsi ) is a village in Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It has a population of 3765 (2001 census); 24% of the population are Poles.It lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia on the both banks of the Olza River between Silesian and Moravian-Silesian Beskids mountain ranges. Mountain meadow of Filipka lies just north of the village.
 Agaone is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Agaone amazonica Bezark Santos-Silva & Martins 2011 Agaone bicolor (Linsley 1934) Agaone notabilis (White 1855) Agaone peruviensis (Fisher 1952) Agaone punctilla Martins & Santos-Silva 2010↑
 There's a Trumpet in My Soul is an album by avant-garde jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp released in 1975 on the Arista Freedom label. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states Two vocals and a poem recitation weigh down the music a bit although Shepp gets in some good licks. The overall results are not essential but Archie Shepp was still in his musical prime at the time.
 The Little Theatre of Jean Renoir (French: Le Petit Théâtre de Jean Renoir) is a 1970 television film written and directed by Jean Renoir. The last completed work by Renoir it consists of three short films: The Last Christmas Dinner The Electric Floor Waxer and A Tribute to Tolerance.
 Joshua Svaty was appointed secretary of the Kansas Department of Agriculture by Governor Mark Parkinson on July 14 2009 when Adrian Polansky resigned to head the Kansas Farm Service Agency.
 TDR: The Drama Review is an academic journal focusing on performances in their social economic aesthetic and political contexts. The journal covers dance theatre music performance art visual art popular entertainment media sports rituals and performance in politics and everyday life. TDR:The Drama Review was founded in 1955 by Robert W. Corrigan as the Carlton Drama Review (so named because Corrigan was a faculty member at Carlton College).
 The Weather Man is a 2005 American comedy-drama film directed by Gore Verbinski. Written by Steve Conrad it stars Nicolas Cage Michael Caine and Hope Davis and tells the story of a weatherman in the midst of a mid-life crisis.Released on October 28 2005 the film had a total gross of just over $19 million worldwide. It received mixed reviews from critics.
 The United States Air Force Academy Cadet Chapel completed in 1962 is the distinguishing feature of the Cadet Area at the United States Air Force Academy north of Colorado Springs. It was designed by Walter Netsch of Skidmore Owings and Merrill of Chicago. Construction was accomplished by Robert E. McKee Inc. of Santa Fe New Mexico. Originally controversial in its design the Cadet Chapel has become a classic and highly regarded example of modernist architecture.
 Can't Stop Dancing is a 1999 feature length film written and directed by Steven Falick and Ben Zook and starring Ben Zook.
 Parvaz-e Yek (Persian: پرواز1‎ also Romanized as Parvāz-e Yek; also known as Parvāz) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Jazmurian District Rudbar-e Jonubi County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lac de Glandieu is a lake in Ain France.
 Black God's Shadow is a collection of fantasy short stories by C. L. Moore. It was first published in 1977 by Donald M. Grant Publisher Inc. in an edition of 2550 copies of which 150 were bound in buckram boxed and signed by the author and artist. The stories feature Moore's character Jirel of Joiry and originally appeared in the magazine Weird Tales. The stories were previously collected in a different configuration under the title Jirel of Joiry (1969).
 The Tropical Andes is a subregion of the Andes spanning all of the Andes except the southern mediterranean and temperate zones. The Tropical Andes is a biodiversity hotspot named the global epicenter of biodiversity according to the Critical Ecosystem Partnership Fund.[citation needed]The Tropical Andes area is an area of rich biodiversity. This location holds about 45000 plant species of which 20000 are endemic. There are over 3000 vertebrate species with about 1500 endemic.
 Piotrowo Pierwsze [pjɔˈtrɔvɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń within Kościan County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 The Cialitos River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Duninów Duży [duˈninuf ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów within Płock County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Nowy Duninów 19 km (12 mi) west of Płock and 113 km (70 mi) west of Warsaw.
 The Philadelphia Story is a 1940 American romantic comedy film directed by George Cukor starring Cary Grant Katharine Hepburn and James Stewart and featuring Ruth Hussey. Based on the Broadway play of the same name by Philip Barry the film is about a socialite (Hepburn) whose wedding plans are complicated by the simultaneous arrival of her ex-husband (Grant) and a tabloid magazine journalist (Stewart).
 The Reuben H. Fleet Science Center is a science museum and planetarium in Balboa Park in San Diego California. Established in 1973 it was the first science museum to combine interactive science exhibits with a planetarium and an IMAX Dome (OMNIMAX) theater setting the standard that most major science museums follow today.
 The Phantom Cowboy is a 1935 American film directed by Robert J. Horner.
 Bun Rany (Khmer: ប៊ុន រ៉ានី) (born 15 December 1954) is a Cambodian humanitarian worker nurse and as the wife of long-time Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen First Lady of Cambodia. She has served as the vice president of the National Association of the Cambodian Red Cross and since 1998 as its president.
 Soltani (Persian: سلطاني‎ also Romanized as Solţānī) is a village in Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District Sumay-ye Beradust District Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 609 in 123 families.
 Demon Box is the third full-length studio album by Norwegian rock-band Motorpsycho. Released in 1993 it saw the band earn their name as one of the most important bands in Norway.
 Cocktails & Dreams is an album of B-Sides and rarities by the Chicago punk rock band The Lawrence Arms released in 2005 by Asian Man Records. It collects the songs from their two Asian Man EPs songs from several compilations and a few new songs.
 Doomsday Book is a 1992 science fiction novel by American author Connie Willis. The novel won both the Hugo and Nebula Awards and was shortlisted for other awards. The title of the book is a reference to the Domesday Book of 1086; Kivrin the main character says that her recording is a record of life in the Middle Ages which is what William the Conqueror's survey turned out to be.
 Hellinsia umrani is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is endemic to India.
 Mr. George and Other Odd Persons is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by American author August Derleth written under the pseudonym of Stephen Grendon. It was released in 1963 by Arkham House in an edition of 2546 copies. Most of the stories had appeared previously in the magazine Weird Tales. Two appeared in The Arkham Sampler. The title story was dramatized for the Thriller TV series.
 Miracles (Chinese: 奇蹟; Mandarin Pinyin: qí jī; Jyutping: kei zik) is a 1989 Hong Kong action comedy film directed and written by Jackie Chan who also starred in the lead role and worked as stunt co-ordinator. The film is set in 1930s Hong Kong and is a variation of Frank Capra's Lady for a Day and Pocketful of Miracles which in turn were based on Madame La Gimp a short story by Damon Runyon. The movie was remade in Hindi as Singh Is Kinng with Akshay Kumar and Katrina Kaif.
 Cadlina luteomarginata common name the yellow-edged cadlina is a species of colorful sea slug a dorid nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.
 Jūnigatsu no Love Songs ~Complete Box~ (December Love Songs ~Complete Box~) is a limited edition box set album released by Gackt on December 13 2006. It contains nine different versions of the previously released single Jūnigatsu no Love Song including the Chinese version duet with Leehom Wang and four new versions. The box set also contained an aromatherapy diffuser and gold & silver foil postcards of the CD covers.
 Abseudrapa is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 The Nebraska State Capitol located in Lincoln Nebraska houses the primary executive judicial and legislative offices of the U.S. State of Nebraska.
 Flare Path is a play by Terence Rattigan written in 1941 and first staged in 1942. Set in a hotel near an RAF Bomber Command airbase during the Second World War the story involves a love triangle between a pilot his actress wife and a famous film star. The play is based in part on Rattigan's own wartime experiences. Flare Path was later adapted as the film The Way to the Stars.
 Adèle Pauline van der Pluijm-Vrede (born 1952) serves as Acting Governor of Curaçao since October 10 2010. When Governor of Curaçao Frits Goedgedrag laid down his position on 24 November 2012 due to health reasons Van der Pluijm-Vrede took over his tasks while remaining Acting Governor until on 4 November 2013 Lucille George-Wout was sworn in as Governor.Van der Pluijm-Vrede swore in her deputy N.C. Römer-Kenepa as second Acting Governor at Fort Amsterdam on 24 June 2013.
 Erewhon: or Over the Range is a novel by Samuel Butler published anonymously in 1872. The title is also the name of a country supposedly discovered by the protagonist. In the novel it is not revealed where Erewhon is but it is clear that it is a fictional country. Butler meant the title to be read as the word Nowhere backwards even though the letters h and w are transposed therefore Erewhon is an anagram of nowhere.
 The Floreana Mockingbird or Charles Mockingbird (Mimus trifasciatus) is a bird species in the family Mimidae.It is endemic to Floreana one of the Galápagos Islands of Ecuador; at present it only occurs on offshore islets however. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 The Kingman Daily Miner is a local newspaper in Kingman Arizona owed by Western News&Info Inc. It has a 8030 circulation.
 Trouble in Morocco is a 1937 film directed by Ernest B. Schoedsack.
 Zduny [ˈzdunɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Świedziebnia 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Brodnica and 64 km (40 mi) east of Toruń.
 Richard Bradford Coolidge (September 14 1879 – January 18 1957) was a Massachusetts politician.
 Gunstar Heroes: Sound Collection (ガンスターヒーローズ サウンドコレクション Gansutā Hīrōzu Saundo Korekushon) is the licenced soundtrack to coincide with the video games Gunstar Heroes and Gunstar Super Heroes. It was released on November 23 2005 in Japan only.
 Beast is a 1991 novel by Peter Benchley the author of Jaws. Similar in format to Jaws the antagonist of the novel is instead of a great white shark a titanic giant squid.
 The Clearing is a 2004 American drama film and the directorial debut of Pieter Jan Brugge who has worked as a film producer. The film is loosely based on the real-life kidnapping of Gerrit Jan Heijn that took place in the Netherlands in 1987. The screenplay was written by Justin Haythe.
 The Luele River (called the Pio-Pio or Lié River in its lower course) runs from south to north through Idiofa Territory Kwilu District Democratic Republic of the Congo.The river starts as a clear stream in a small valley near Idiofa. It grows in size rapidly due to many small tributaries among which is the Punkulu River and then meanders through a large valley before entering the Kasai River downstream from Mangai.
 Luis Bárcenas Gutiérrez (born October 22 1957 in Huelva Spain) is a Spanish politician in the Partido Popular (PP People's Party). A former senator and party Treasurer he has been embroiled in political corruption scandals and was imprisoned in 2013 pending trial.
 Hamodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Sexuality Research and Social Policy is a peer-reviewed academic journal and an official journal of the National Sexuality Resource Center published by Springer Science+Business Media. The journal covers research on human sexuality including theoretical and methodological discussions about the implications of findings for policies regarding sexual health sex education and sexual rights in diverse communities.
 Namdaw is a village in Banmauk Township Katha District in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
 7 Pecados Rurais is a 2013 Portuguese film directed by Nicolau Breyner. It was the Portuguese film with the largest number of admissions in Portugal in 2013 with 281423.
 Nature of Wales (or Natur Cymru) is a quarterly bilingual magazine that covers nature and the environment in Wales including environmental politics and conservation. It released its first issue in Summer 2001; it published its 50th edition in spring 2014. In 2012 it ran a nature writing competition; the judging panel included Gillian Clarke.
 Yozakura Quartet (夜桜四重奏 ～ヨザクラカルテット～ Yozakura Karutetto) is a Japanese manga created by Suzuhito Yasuda that began publishing by Kodansha in 2006 and was then published in the US by Del Rey in 2008. The series was animated in Japan and aired from October 2 to December 18 2008; it comprises 12 episodes all of which have aired. The anime was produced by Nomad and aired on TBS on Thursdays.
 Monte Cusna is the 2nd highest peak in the northern Apennines after Monte Cimone. But it is much steeper and more remote. It is located along the Appennino Crest Trail (A00) between Cerreto and Lagastrello Passes with an altitude of 2121 metres (6959 ft).
 Cranmer House also known as Kerwin House is a historic two-story Italian Renaissance Revival stucco clad house located at 200 Cherry Street in Denver Colorado. The house was built in 1917 for George E. Cranmer who served as Denver Manager of Improvement and Parks. It was designed by architect Jules Jacques Benoit Benedict. An addition built in the late 1920s including a dormer was designed by architect Burnham Hoyt. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Vision of the Anointed is a book by economist and political columnist Thomas Sowell challenging people Sowell calls Teflon prophets who predict that there will be future social economic or environmental problems in the absence of government intervention (Ralph Nader is one of his foremost examples). The book was initially published on June 28 1996 by Basic Books.
 Habib Bank Plaza located in Karachi Sindh Pakistan is the head office of Habib Bank. It was Pakistan's tallest building upon completion in 1963. It remained the tallest building for four decades until the 116m tall MCB Tower was completed in 2005. However even after the MCB Tower the Habib Bank Plaza is the fourth tallest building in Karachi today and the ninth tallest in Pakistan.
 Mount Conner also known as Attila and Artilla and occasionally found as Mount Connor is an Australian mountain located in the southwest corner of the Northern Territory 75 kilometres (47 mi) southeast of Lake Amadeus at the border of the vast Curtin Springs cattle station.
 The 30th Anniversary Celebration is a live EP by the American heavy metal band Metallica. The EP was recorded live on December 9 and 10 2011 at Fillmore Theatre San Francisco California. Metallica celebrated its 30th anniversary by playing four shows at the Fillmore in San Francisco. The shows were exclusive only to Met Club members and tickets were only being charged at $6 (or 19.81 for all four nights).
 Angel Face is a short film written and directed by Cecile Cinco.
 The Dauphin River (Saint Lucia) is a river of Saint Lucia.
 Abd ar-Razzaq Said al-Naif (Arabic: عبد الرزاق النايف‎) was Prime Minister of Iraq in 1968. He was assassinated on July 9 1978 in London.His gunman was quickly captured and sentenced to life imprisonment in 1979; Naif was reportedly killed on order of Saddam Hussein.
 Beside Myself was Ray Stevens' twenty-sixth studio album and his sixth for MCA Records released in 1989.
 The Fiery-tailed Awlbill (Avocettula recurvirostris) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family. It is monotypic for its genus.It is found in Brazil Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 Madea Goes to Jail is an American musical play touring from 2005 to 2006 created written produced and directed by Tyler Perry. It stars Tyler Perry as Mabel Madea Simmons Cassi Davis as Ella Cherly Pepsi Riley as Wanda and Judy Peterson as Katie.
 Je voudrais pas crever (I wouldn't want to croak) is a collection of poetry by French author Boris Vian published posthumously in 1962.
 Oh What a Night is a 1992 drama film starring Corey Haim and Barbara Williams.
 The John T. Rich House at 275 W. Clark St. in Grantsville Utah was built c.1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.Its NRHP nomination asserted that it was architecturally important as one of just 11 documented surviving Italianate two story box-style houses in Utah and the only one of those made from adobe.
 Nightlife is the third solo studio album from singer-songwriter Karl Wolf. It was released initially to the Japanese market. The album was released in Canada on November 17 2009. The first single Yalla Habibi was released on iTunes October 28 2009 and reached #24 on the Canadian Hot 100. The second single is the remix of Hurting featuring Sway which peaked at #55 on the same chart. The third single is the 2009 remix of Africa.
 Westminster Theological Journal is a theological journal published by Westminster Theological Seminary and edited by Vern Poythress.
 Celts Campaign Sourcebook is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1992.
 Wola Zaradzyńska [ˈvɔla zaraˈd͡zɨɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ksawerów within Pabianice County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Pabianice and 14 km (9 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 450.
 The Edge of Evolution: The Search for the Limits of Darwinism is an intelligent design book by Discovery Institute fellow Michael Behe published by the Free Press in 2007. Behe argues that while evolution can produce changes within species there is a limit to the ability of evolution to generate diversity and this limit (the edge of evolution) is somewhere between species and orders.
 Altolamprologus is a small genus of pseudocrenilabrine cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika in eastern Africa. They inhabit areas of the lake with large amounts of rock most frequently in water two to ten metres in depth. Two formally described species comprise this genus with perhaps one dwarf A. compressiceps-like species being considered an unedescribed species by some.
 Carcinopodia furcifasciata is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Malawi.
 The Șugău River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 Somebody Loves Me is a 1952 film starring Betty Hutton.
 The Luehdorfiini are a tribe of swallowtail butterflies. The tribe is thought to consist of three genera: Archon Doritites Luehdorfia
 Achatina immaculata is a species of very large air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae.
 Fight of My Life is the third full length album by the Christian third-wave ska band The Insyderz and was released in late 1998.TRACK LISTING: Jigsaw What Happened to Joe? Paradise The Hunted Game Day Trinidad Rat Race Just What I Needed Fight of My Life Forgive and Forget↑ ↑ ↑
 Forum Restaurant (Traditional Chinese: 富臨飯店) is a Cantonese restaurant established in 1977 at 1/F Sino Plaza Causeway Bay Hong Kong. Run by Hong Kong's international chef and ambassador of the Chinese cuisine Yeung Koon Yat (traditional Chinese: 楊貫一) it is one of the most famous eateries in Hong Kong. The restaurant is frequented by the rich and famous of Hong Kong (many of whom are regulars) and is not traditionally an expatriate or tourist attraction.
 The Ebony Tower (1974) by John Fowles is a collection of five short novels with interlacing themes built around a medieval myth: The Ebony Tower Eliduc Poor Koko The Enigma and The Cloud.
 Emamzadeh Seyyed Hoseyn Kornag (Persian: امامزاده سيدحسين كرنگ‎ also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Seyyed Ḩoseyn Kornag) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District Sarduiyeh District Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 6 families.
 The Unadulterated Cat by Terry Pratchett illustrated by Gray Jolliffe is a book written to promote what Pratchett terms the 'Real Cat' a cat who urinates in the flowerbeds rips up the furniture and eats frogs mice and sundry other small animals. The opposite of the Real Cat is the 'Fizzy Keg Cat' a well-behaved and bland kind as seen on cat food advertisements.It was first published 1989 by Gollancz.
 Fort Warren is a historic fort on the 28-acre (110000 m2) Georges Island at the entrance to Boston Harbor. The fort is pentagonal star fort made with stone and granite and was constructed from 1833–1861 completed shortly after the beginning of the American Civil War. Fort Warren defended the harbor in Boston Massachusetts from 1861through the end of WWII and during the Civil War served as a prison for Confederate officers and government officials.
 Down on Us is a low budget 1984 movie about the United States government's plot to assassinate 1960's rock stars Jim Morrison Janis Joplin and Jimi Hendrix using an elite force of killers. It is sometimes known as Beyond the Doors. The movie does not use any of the original songs of the artists portrayed due to high royalty fees. Instead they used songs written to sound like the originals.
 The Bad Child's Book of Beasts is an 1896 children's book written by Hilaire Belloc. Humorously illustrated by Basil Temple Blackwood the superficially naive verses give tongue-in-cheek advice to children. In the book the animals tend to be sage-like and the humans dull and self-satisfied.
 Anastrangalia renardi is a species of beetle from Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Mongolia.
 Kush (Persian: کش‎ Balochi: کش happy or merry) is a mountain near Kalat Pakistan Balochistan. The mountain is located below the Durand Line between Afghanistan and India (now Pakistan) in the field of Baloch people. It is located not far from the similarly-named Kushi mountain. The Balochi language is one of the four major Iranian languages (Paschto Balochi Kurdi and Persian).
 For Those I Loved (French: Au nom de tous les miens) is a drama film from 1983 with Michael York about a Polish Jewish Holocaust survivor who emigrated to the USA in 1946.
 Graceland in Elkins West Virginia is a historic mansion that was the summer home of Henry Gassaway Davis a United States Senator from 1871–1883. The mansion was completed in 1893. It is listed separately on the National Register of Historic Places and is a designated National Historic Landmark.
 The Cloquet River is a 104-mile-long (167 km) river in Minnesota United States. It is the main tributary of the Saint Louis River.
 The Tête de Balme (2321 m) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc Massif located on the border between Switzerland and France. It lies on the range north of the Col de Balme culminating at the Croix de Fer.
 The Uncertain Owlet or Bia Owl or Actorion Owlet (Bia actorion) is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the upper Amazon areas of Brazil Ecuador Peru and Bolivia.The larvae feed on Astrocaryum murumuru and Geonoma species.
 Konari (Persian: كناري‎ also Romanized as Konārī and Kenari; also known as Kināri) is a village in Abkosh Rural District Bord Khun District Deyr County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 67 families.
 Memento Mori (Latin for Remember to Die) is the 16th album by Buck-Tick released on February 18 2009. The limited edition came with a DVD of the making of the album. It reached number seven on the Oricon chart. Satoshi Mishiba of Kinniku Shōjo Tai provides piano on Katte ni Shiyagare and Message.
 Agronomy for Sustainable Development is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on the interactions between cropping systems and other activities in the context of sustainable development. It is a journal of the French Institut National de la Recherche Agronomique (Institute of Agronomical Research) and is published on their behalf by Springer Science+Business Media.
 Cueva Lucero is an archeological site near Juana Díaz Puerto Rico. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Sagar Sangam is a Hindi film released in 1988. A family drama had a very long delayed release. The film was announced in 1985 had its records released in 1986. The film stars Mithun Chakraborty Shatrughan Sinha Raakhee Padmini Kolhapure Anita Raj and Asha Parekh
 41 Hotel or No. 41: A Red Carnation Hotel is a luxury hotel in London England. It is located just south of Buckingham Palace along 41 Buckingham Palace Road.
 Vunindawa River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 Polwatta Colony is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Perf is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Muhammad Badie (Arabic: محمد بديع‎ Muḥammad Badīʿ IPA: [mæˈħæmmæd bæˈdiːʕ]; born 7 August 1943) is the Supreme Guide of the Muslim Brotherhood. He has headed the Egyptian branch of the international Muslim Brotherhood organization since 2010. Before becoming general guide Badie had been a member of the group's governing council the Guidance Bureau since 1996. He was arrested by Egyptian authorities on 20 August 2013.
 2001 (also referred to as The Chronic 2001) is the second studio album by American hip hop recording artist Dr. Dre released on November 16 1999 by Interscope Records. It is the follow-up to his debut album The Chronic (1992). It was produced primarily by Dr. Dre and Mel-Man as well as Lord Finesse and features several guest contributions from fellow American rappers such as Hittman Snoop Dogg Kurupt Xzibit Nate Dogg and Eminem.
 Masha-ye Yek Sheykh Ali Armeghan (Persian: مشاع 1شيخ علي ارمغان‎ also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Yek Sheykh ʿAlī Ārmeghān) is a village in Esmaili Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Smurfs and the Magic Flute (French: La Flûte à six schtroumpfs lit. The Flute of Six Smurfs) is a 1976 Belgian animated film starring the Smurfs directed by their creator Peyo. Though the film premiered in 1976 in Belgium and 1979 in the United Kingdom an English language version was not released in the United States until 1983 in the wake of the characters' newfound popularity.Although the Smurfs play a major part in the film they do not appear until 35 minutes into the film.
 Ward Charcoal Ovens State Historic State Park is a Nevada state park in White Pine County Nevada. Located 20 miles south of the town of Ely it is in the Eastern Nevada Region of Nevada State Parks. The charcoal ovens are associated with the silver mining ghost town of Ward Nevada established in 1876. The town at its peak had a population of 1500 two newspapers a school fire department two smelters and a stamp mill.
 Geghavank (Armenian: Գեղավանք also Romanized as Geghavank’) is a village in the community of Geghi Syunik Province Armenia.
 Mao's Great Famine: The History of China's Most Devastating Catastrophe 1958–62 is a 2010 book by professor and historian Frank Dikötter about the Great Chinese Famine of 1958–1962 in the People's Republic of China under Mao Zedong (1893–1976). Based on four years of research in recently opened Chinese provincial county and city archives Dikötter supports an estimate of at least 45 million premature deaths in China during the famine years.
 Seyyed Mostafa Tajzadeh (سید مصطفی تاج‌زاده born 1956) is an Iranian progressive reformist politician and a member of Islamic Iran Participation Front (Jebhe-ye Mosharekat).
 Huffman Prairie also known as Huffman Prairie Flying Field or Huffman Field is part of Ohio's Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park. The 84-acre (34-hectare) patch of rough pasture near Fairborn northeast of Dayton is the place where the Wright brothers (Wilbur and Orville) undertook the difficult and sometimes dangerous task of creating a dependable fully controllable airplane and training themselves to be pilots.
 Sexton Blake and the Bearded Doctor is a 1935 British mystery film directed by George A. Cooper and starring George Curzon Henry Oscar and Tony Sympson. It is based on the novel The Blazing Launch Murder by Rex Hardinge.Sexton Blake investigates the death of a top classical musician.
 1632 is the initial novel in the best-selling alternate history 1632 book series written by historian writer and editor Eric Flint. The flagship novel kicked off a collaborative writing effort that has involved hundreds of contributors and dozens of authors. The premise involves a small American town of three thousand 'Hillbillies' sent back to April 1631 in an alternate Holy Roman Empire during the Thirty Years' War.
 Chino (Nepali: चिनो) is considered to be one of the most commercially successful films in the history of Nepali cinema. It was directed by Tulsi Ghimire and starred Shiva Shrestha Bhuwan K.C. Sunil Thapa Kristi Mainali Sharmila Malla Subhadra Adhikari Sinaura Mistry Anoop Malla and Sushila Raymajhi. Ranjit Gazmer was the music director of the film.
 Fry's Hamlet Historic District is a historic district at 2068 2153 2196 and 2233 South County Trail in East Greenwich Rhode Island.The district was settled in 1735 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Tsirananaclia sucini is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Griveaud in 1964. It is found in Madagascar.
 Peace thru Vandalism/When in Rome Do as the Vandals is a compilation album by the southern California punk rock band The Vandals. It was originally released in 1989 by Restless Records (and later reissued Time Bomb Recordings a record label founded by Social Distortion frontman Mike Ness). It is a CD re-release of the band's first EP Peace thru Vandalism and first LP When in Rome Do as the Vandals containing all of the tracks from both releases.
 Stary Budzisław [ˈstarɨ buˈd͡ʑiswaf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Mały within Koło County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 So ein Flegel is a 1934 German comedy film based on the novel Die Feuerzangenbowle. It modifies the story by introducing the concept of two brothers Pfeiffer switching places: While the younger brother takes over his elder brother’s job the older brother attends the younger one’s school. Heinz Rühmann starred in the double role of the brothers Pfeiffer in this lesser known movie a decade before playing Hans Pfeiffer in the more popular 1944 version.
 Sardar Sherbaz Khan Mazari is a prominent Pakistani politician and the former leader of the opposition in the National Assembly hailing from the Baloch Mazari tribe situated in Rojhan-Mazari.
 Juan Manuel de Rosas (30 March 1793 – 14 March 1877) nicknamed Restorer of the Laws was a politician army officer and caudillo who ruled the Argentine Confederation almost uninterruptedly from 1829 until 1852. He fled from Buenos Aires and lived in exile for 20 years in England where he died in Southampton in 1877.
 Epidemiology and Infection is a peer-reviewed medical journal that contains original reports and reviews on all aspects of infection in humans and animals. Some of these aspects include zoonoses tropical infections food hygiene and vaccine studies.
 Panthera blytheae is an extinct feline of the late Miocene and early Pliocene epochs. Skull fragments of the species have been dated to between 4.1 and 5.95 million years old.
 Bid Kheyri (Persian: بيدخيري‎ also Romanized as Bīd Kheyrī; also known as Bīd Khabarī and Bīd Kheyzī) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District in the Central District of Bardsir County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Sailing Along is a 1938 British musical comedy film directed by Sonnie Hale and starring Jessie Matthews Barry MacKay Jack Whiting Frank Pettingell Noel Madison and Alastair Sim. A barge-owner's adopted daughter falls in love with his son and gives up her chances of stardom to be with him.
 Bulkeley Methodist Church is located on Wrexham Road in the village of Bulkeley Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 John Sealy Hospital is a hospital that is a part of the University of Texas Medical Branch complex in Galveston Texas United States.
 Leucanopsis manana is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1941. It is found in Brazil.
 The Chenab River (Punjabi: ਚਨਾਬ چناب Urdu: درياۓ چناب‎ Hindi: चनाब (/tʃəˈnɑːb/ canāb) literally: 'Moon (Chan) چن River (aab)' آب) is a major river of India and Pakistan. It forms in the upper Himalayas in the Lahaul and Spiti district of Himachal Pradesh India and flows through the Jammu region of Jammu and Kashmir into the plains of the Punjab Pakistan. The waters of the Chenab are allocated to Pakistan under the terms of the Indus Waters Treaty.
 The Common Pug (Eupithecia vulgata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is a common species across the Palearctic region the Near East and North Africa. It ranges from the Atlantic coast of Ireland and Portugal across Europe the Middle East and Central Asia to the Russian Far East (Priamurje) and Korea.This is a quite variable species across its range but the typical form has orange-brown forewings marked with pale fascia with pale grey hindwings with darker margins.
 Amanita was the second album by Bardo Pond released on April 3 1996. It was released as a double vinyl LP on Drunken Fish Records as well as a single CD and cassette on Matador Records; it was their first release on Matador.
 Sayyid Badr bin Hamad bin Hamood Albusaidi was born in 1960 in Muscat Oman and is the Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs with the rank of minister in the Sultanate of Oman. Sayyid Badr has represented Oman in regional and international meetings which include the United Nations.
 Coleophora dangchuanica is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in China (Gansu Province).
 Like You Know It All (Hangul: 잘 알지도 못하면서; RR: Jal Aljido Mot-hamyeonseo; lit. You Think You Know It All But You Don't) is a 2009 South Korean comedy-drama film written and directed by Hong Sang-soo.
 Tarva Koonga Parish is a village in Koonga Parish Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
 Copelatus luteomaculatus is a species of diving beetle. It is part of the Copelatus genus which is of the Copelatinae subfamily and the Dytiscidae family. It was described by Guignot in 1956.
 St. Bartholomew's is an Episcopal parish in Atlanta Georgia which is notable for its ministries choral music and architecture.
 Experimental Remixes is an EP by American punk blues band The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion released in 1995 by Matador Records which consists of six remixes of the group's songs and a hidden bonus track called Tour Diary.[citation needed] A secondary pressing by Matador increased the length of the Tour Diary track to 17 minutes from its original 7 minute length but the artwork and catalog numbers are identical.
 Carpiscula virginiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae the ovulids cowry allies or false cowries.
 Cinemania is a 2002 German / American documentary about five obsessed cinemaphiles who throughout the year each see two to five films a day.
 Hoseynabad-e Dehdar (Persian: حسين اباد دهدار‎ also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Dehdār) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2235 in 474 families.
 Death's Marathon is a 1913 silent film short directed by D. W. Griffith and distributed by Biograph. It stars Blanche Sweet and Henry B. Walthall and was filmed in the Los Angeles area. This film survives and is available on DVD.
 Souryam (Telugu: శౌర్యం) is a 2008 Telugu film directed by cinematographer-turned-director J. Siva Kumar who makes his directorial debut. It stars Gopichand and Anushka Shetty in the main lead. The film was dubbed and released in Malayalam as Souryam and in Hindi as Meri Shapath. The film has remade into Kannada as Shourya with Darshan and Madalasa Sharma and into Tamil by Prabhu Deva as Vedi with Vishal Krishna and Sameera Reddy in the lead roles.
 The Becheru River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Maxi Sandal 2003 / Moonlight is the first Maxi Single (EP/hybrid album) released in 2003 of the Turkish pop singer Mustafa Sandal and the Greek pop singer Natalia.
 Sharpe's Fury is Bernard Cornwell's eleventh novel in chronological order after Sharpe's Escape and preceding Sharpe' Battle of Richard Sharpe. Published in August 2006 it returns to the story during the middle of Sharpe's tour of duty during Wellington's campaign in the Iberian peninsula.
 Algeripithecus is an extinct genus of early fossil primate weighing approximately 65 to 85 grams (2.3 to 3.0 oz). Fossils have been found in Algeria dating from 50 to 46 million years ago.It was once commonly thought to be one of the oldest simian primates (a group that includes monkeys and apes) and was crucial to the hypothesis that simians originated in Africa.
 Calophasia sinaica is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the eremic parts of Africa extending north to the Levant (here it has been recorded from the Arabian Peninsula the Sinai in Egypt and Israel).Adults are on wing from October to March. There is one generation per year.
 In All Languages is a compilation album released by British industrial metal band Godflesh on 24 July 2001. It is a double album. A music video DVD with the same name was also released.
 The Rod of Seven Parts is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game published in 1996.
 The Masherbrum Mountains are a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range in Ghanche District Baltistan region of the Gilgit-Baltistan province in northern Pakistan.
 Lake El'gygytgyn (Chukchi: Эльгыгытгын) is an impact crater lake located in the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug in north-east Siberia about 150 km southeast of Chaunskaya Bay. It is drained to the southeast by the Enmybaam branch of the Belaya River. It is approximately 12 km in diameter and has a maximum depth of 174 m +/- 2m.
 Damenlou Hotel (Chinese: 大门楼旅店) was a small hotel located at Ann Siang Road in Singapore's Chinatown within the Central Area Singapore's central business district.Damenlou Hotel's origins can be traced to the creation of the dish of fishhead mifen (rice vermicelli) which was invented by Tang Kwong Swee in the 1920s. The hotel had a famous restaurant named Swee Kee.By mid-2007 Damenlou Hotel had ceased operations.
 Shōkozan Tōkei-ji (松岡山東慶寺) also known as Kakekomi-dera (駆け込み寺) or Enkiri-dera (縁切り寺)) is a Buddhist temple and a former nunnery the only survivor of a network of five nunneries called Amagozan (尼五山) in the city of Kamakura in Kanagawa Prefecture Japan. It is part of the Rinzai school of Zen's Engaku-ji branch and was opened by Hōjō Sadatoki in 1285. It is best known as a historic refuge for women who were abused by their husbands.
 Hamid (Persian: حميد‎ also Romanized as Ḩamīd) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Lyubcha (Bulgarian: Любча) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria. It is located in the municipality of Dospat Smolyan Province.
 Sometimes Late at Night is the third and last solo album by songwriter Carole Bayer Sager released in 1981. Singles from the album were Stronger Than Before (later recorded by Dionne Warwick and Chaka Khan) and Easy To Love Again.The producer and composer was Burt Bacharach.
 Hot Summer in the City is a 1976 adult film by director Gail Palmer aka The Hare. The film is a co-production of Imperial Films with Palmer's HARE Films. The film is about a white virgin who is abducted by a group of black militants.The film is classified as a classical roughie with its depiction of sexual violence on females. It also employs many of the popular blaxploitation themes of the period.
 El Fin is a 2012 film written and directed by Costa Rican film director Miguel Gómez and co-produced with his brother Dennis Gómez. Pablo Masís and Kurt Dyer play the two leading characters.
 Destination: Universe! is the second collection of science fiction short stories by A. E. van Vogt published in hardcover by Pellegrini & Cudahy in 1952 and repeatedly reprinted in paperback by three different publishers over the next 25 years. The first British edition appeared in 1953 followed by several paperback reprints. A French translation Destination Univers was issued in 1973 and reprinted six times over the next 25 years.
 Pach Kenar (Persian: پاچكنار‎ also Romanized as Pāch Kenār; also known as Pācheh Kenār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Rasht County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1638 in 456 families.
 Pizzo di Rodes is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 2829 metres above sea level.
 Colonel Sir Thomas Robert Gore Browne KCMG CB (3 July 1807 – 17 April 1887) was a British colonial administrator who was Governor of St Helena Governor of New Zealand Governor of Tasmania and Governor of Bermuda.
 Close Friends (Italian: Le amiche del cuore) is a 1992 Italian teen drama film directed by Michele Placido. It entered the Quinzaine des Réalisateurs at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 Knox District School No. 5 is a historic one-room school building located at Thompson's Lake State Park Knox in Albany County New York. It was built in 1898 and is a one story rectangular frame building (20 feet by 24 feet) on a dry laid stone foundation. School use ceased in 1940. It has been vacant since 1999.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Zimmerius is a genus of Neotropical birds in the Tyrannidae family.
 Ravand-e Vosta (Persian: راوندوسطي‎ also Romanized as Rāvand-e Vosţá; also known as Rāvand and Rāvand-e Soflá) is a village in Shaban Rural District in the Central District of Nahavand County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 11 families.
 The Templeton Developmental Center is a state-run facility for the mentally handicapped located in Templeton in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. Founded as the Templeton Farm Colony in 1899 through the efforts of Walter E.
 George Schlack House is a historic home located near Ridgeway Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1913 and is a 2 1⁄2-story rectangular Colonial Revival style dwelling built of concrete block and finished in rock-faced concrete block. It is five bays in width and four bays deep with a truncated hipped roof and denticulated trim.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 James 'Jim' Hanly Morgan (born December 5 1937 in Huntington West Virginia) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 16 since January 12 2013. Morgan served consecutively from his February 2001 appointment to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative Arley Johnson until January 2013 and non-consecutively from January 1989 until January 1991 in a District 15 seat.
 Gargoyle Humor Magazine or The Gargoyle is the official student-run humor magazine for the University of Michigan. It has been satirizing both local and national events for more than one hundred years. The magazine is part of the University's Student Publications which also includes the campus newspaper The Michigan Daily as well as the yearbook the Michiganensian.
 The Crowned Lapwing (Vanellus coronatus) or Crowned Plover is a bird of the lapwing subfamily that occurs contiguously from the Red Sea coast of Somalia to southern and southwestern Africa. It is an adaptable and numerous species with bold and noisy habits. It is related to the more localized Black-winged and Senegal lapwings with which it shares some plumage characteristics.
 The Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra: Strive for Jive is a live video recording of the Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra featuring Lew Tabackin in a jazz club setting. The video was apparently recorded in the mid 1980s in Chicago and first released on VHS video tape around 1993 and on DVD in 2009.
 Michael Paymar (born December 27 1953) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) he represents District 64B which includes portions of the city of Saint Paul in Ramsey County which is part of the Twin Cities metropolitan area. He is also a resource specialist for the Battered Women's Justice Project.
 The Risk of Darkness is a novel by Susan Hill. It is the third novel in the Simon Serrailler crime series.
 Kelimutu ([kəliˈmutu]) is a volcano close to the small town of Moni in central Flores island in Indonesia. The volcano is around 50km to the east of Ende Indonesia the capital of Ende regency in East Nusa Tenggara province.
 Progona is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
 Henry Hull Carlton (May 14 1835 – October 26 1905) was an American politician medical doctor journalist and soldier.
 Lembert Dome is a granite dome rock formation in Yosemite National Park in the U.S. state of California The dome soars 800 feet (240 m) above Tuolumne Meadows and the Tuolumne River and can be hiked starting at the Tioga Road in the heart of Tuolumne Meadows 8 miles (13 km) west of the Tioga Pass Entrance to Yosemite National Park.Lembert Dome was named for Jean Baptiste Lembert sometimes mistakenly referred to as John Lambert who took up a homestead in a section of Tuolumne Meadows in 1865.
 She's All That is a 1999 American teen romantic comedy film directed by Robert Iscove starring Freddie Prinze Jr. and Rachael Leigh Cook. It is a modern adaptation of George Bernard Shaw's play Pygmalion and George Cukor's 1964 film My Fair Lady. It was one of the most popular teen films of the 1990s and reached No. 1 at the box office in its first week of release.
 Van Benschoten House and Guest House is a historic home and guest house located at Margaretville in Delaware County New York United States. It is an example of late 19th summer boarding house design applied to a working farmhouse. The main house was built about 1890 and its exterior massing of the two story main residence is broken up into four gabled pavilions emanating from a hipped-roof core in the Queen Anne style. It features an octagonal tower with a tall pointed roof.
 St. Joseph's Orphanage is an historic former orphanage and school located at 56 St. Joseph Street in Fall River Massachusetts.The orphanage was built in 1892 as part of the parish of Notre Dame de Lourdes a large French-Canadian congregation located in the city's Flint Village neighborhood. Two large wings were added about 1917. The building later housed an elementary school known as Mount Saint Joseph.
 Roseanna Cunningham (born 27 July 1951 Glasgow) is the Scottish Government's Minister for Community Safety and Legal Affairs and Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for Perthshire South and Kinross-shire having previously represented Perth.
 Sir Bruce Edward Keogh KBE FRCS FRCP (born 24 November 1954) has been Medical Director of the National Health Service in England since 2007 and National Medical Director of the NHS Commissioning Board (NHS England) since 2013.
 For the Connecticut gubernatorial candidate see Thomas C. Foley. For other uses see Thomas Foley (disambiguation).Thomas Stephen Tom Foley (March 6 1929 – October 18 2013) was an American lawyer and politician from the state of Washington. He was the 57th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives serving from 1989 to 1995.
 Minnamurra is a 1989 Australian film about a feisty woman who lives on a country property. It is also known as Outback.The plot appears to have been inspired by The Squatter's Daughter. David Stratton called it almost The Man from Snowy River III in terms of plot and character.
 Bukonys is a village in Jonava district municipality in Kaunas County in central Lithuania. According to the 2001 census the village has a population of 657 people.
 William Morrison K.C. (April 20 1878 - March 16 1947) was Mayor of Hamilton Ontario Canada from 1935 to 1943.First serving as a lawyer and later a Crown Prosecutor Morrison was first elected as an alderman for Ward 2 in 1921. He was re-elected in 1922. Two years later he secured a seat on the Board of Control. He was elected in a by-election in 1928 as the Conservative Party Member of Provincial Parliament for Hamilton East.
 Jędrychówko [jɛndrɨˈxufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Morąg 23 km (14 mi) north of Ostróda and 40 km (25 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
 Rendezvous in New York is an album by American pianist Chick Corea released on April 22 2003 on Corea's own Stretch Records as a two-CD set. The recording took place at the Blue Note club in New York City over the course of three weeks that marked the 60th anniversary of Corea with nine different groups comprising artists such as Bobby McFerrin Gary Burton and Michael Brecker. The song Matrix was awarded a Grammy Award for Best Jazz Instrumental Solo in 2003.
 Basie Big Band is a 1975 studio album by Count Basie and his orchestra.
 Otacı Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam Ankara Province Turkey.
 António Vitor Martins Monteiro (born 22 January 1944) is a Portuguese diplomat who served as the minister of foreign affairs from 2004 to 2005.
 Berthelinia schlumbergeri is a species of a sea snail with a shell comprising two separate hinged pieces or valves. It is a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Juliidae.
 Now Bahar (Persian: نوبهار‎ also Romanized as Now Bahār) is a village in Masabi Rural District in the Central District of Sarayan County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 195 in 63 families.
 Cornersville United Methodist Church formerly Cornersville Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic church at 100 S. Mulberry Street in Cornersville Tennessee.Its building was built in 1852 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Michael A. Costello (born May 5 1965 in Lynn Massachusetts) is a State Representative for the Massachusetts House of Representatives who represents the first district of Essex County Massachusetts. Costello graduated from Salem State University in 1989 with a Bachelor of Science and from Suffolk University Law School with his Juris Doctor in 1996. Costello has been serving in the House since 2003.
 Shahida was a Pakistani Urdu film released on March 19 1949. The film was directed by Luqman. Shahida was actually the first Pakistani film which was started before partition and released in 1949.
 Eugene McMenamin is an Irish politician from Northern Ireland who stood as an independent in the Assembly elections in 2011 formerly from the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP).In June 1998 he was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly as the first nationalist to be in government from Strabane in over 300 years[citation needed]. McMenamin was his party's spokesperson on Culture Arts and Leisure from 1998 until 2003 and was in approx 2007 the Party Spokesperson on Western Development.
 The Vânătorul River is a tributary of the Cremeneţ River in Romania.
 Kosta Hristić (Belgrade 10 April 1852 - Belgrade March 5 1927) was a Serbian lawyer diplomat and Minister of Justice.
 Mohabbath is a 2011 Malayalam–language musical romance film directed and produced by East Coast Vijayan. It stars Meera Jasmine Munna and Anand Michael in the lead roles. Written by Siddique Shameer based on his own novel Kalippavakal the film features music by S. Balakrishnan who makes his comeback through this film. Renowned singer Hariharan appears as himself in a song sequence while Roma does a cameo role.
 King Kong is a 2005 adventure film and remake of the 1933 film of the same name. Directed co-written and produced by Peter Jackson it stars Naomi Watts as Ann Darrow Jack Black as Carl Denham Adrien Brody as Jack Driscoll and through motion capture Andy Serkis as the title character. Set in 1932–33 King Kong tells the story of an overly ambitious filmmaker who coerces his cast and hired ship crew to travel to mysterious Skull Island.
 The King Never Smiles is an unauthorized biography of Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Paul M. Handley a freelance journalist who lived and worked as a foreign correspondent in Thailand. It is published by Yale University Press and was released in 2006. The book was banned in Thailand before publication and the Thai authorities have blocked local access to websites advertising the book.
 Sarkhun (Persian: سرخون‎ also Romanized as Sarkhūn; also known as Sarkhoom and Shahru) is a village in Sarkhun Rural District Qaleh Qazi District Bandar Abbas County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3870 in 896 families.
 The Glendale Historic District is a historic district in Glendale Ohio listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Billy Allen Fletcher known as Allen Fletcher (born April 9 1955) is a security company owner from Tomball a suburb of Houston Texas who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives. Since 2009 he has with little opposition represented District 130 in northwestern Harris County.Fletcher is unopposed for his fourth term in the state House in the general election scheduled for November 4 2014.
 Zoltán Balog (born January 7 1958) is a Hungarian Calvinist pastor and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) since 2006. Since June 2 2010 he serves as State Secretary for Social Inclusion in the Ministry of Administration and Justice.He functioned as Chairman of the Parliamentary Committee on Human Rights Minority Civic and Religious Affairs between 2006 and 2010.On 3 May 2012 Minister of National Resources Miklós Réthelyi resigned from his office.
 Pseudoplon is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Pseudoplon oculatum Martins 1971 Pseudoplon rasile Napp & Martins 1985 Pseudoplon transversum Napp & Martins 1985↑
 Thomas B. Stish is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Genre magazine (ISSN 1074-5246) was a New York city-based monthly periodical from 1991 to 2009 written for gay men. It was owned by gay press publisher Window Media.
 Kurt Petter was a German physician youth leader and educational administrator.Petter was born in 1909 the son of Bernhard and Marie Petter. He studied medicine at the University of Würzburg University of Bonn and Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. During his final exam period he was pediatrician to the Hitler Youth in Jena.He was appointed Hitler Youth area leader for Weimar region in 1933. In 1939 he was appointed head of the Reichsführerschule in Potsdam.
 The Bachelor (Italian: Lo scapolo) is a 1955 film directed by Antonio Pietrangeli starring Alberto Sordi and Nino Manfredi. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Mary E. Grant (born January 10 1953 in New Haven Connecticut) is an American psychiatric nurse and politician who represented the 6th Essex district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2003–2011. Prior to serving in the General Court Grant served on the City Charter Commission Ordinance Review Committee and High School Site Council in Beverly Massachusetts.
 The Specialists' Shopping Centre (Chinese: 专业购物中心) was the oldest shopping centre on Orchard Road a shopping area of Singapore. It was constructed in the early to mid-1970s. The largest tenant was the Hotel Phoenix Singapore. The John Little a large tenant has closed in anticipation of redevelopment. The Visitor's Guide of Singapore described the shopping centre as revered.
 Brzozowo-Chrzczonki [bʐɔˈzɔvɔ ˈxʂt͡ʂɔnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Chorisops is a genus of flies in the family Stratiomyidae.
 The Raymond and Catherine Fisher House is a house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Westervelt-Cameron House is located in Ridgewood Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1767 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 Buyelwa Patience Sonjica (born 23 March 1950) is a South African politician who served as Minister of Water and Environmental Affairs from May 2009 until November 2010.
 The Flick is a play by Annie Baker that won the 2013 Obie Award for Playwriting. It also received the 2014 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. The Flick premiered Off-Broadway at Playwrights Horizons in 2013.
 Common Touch is an album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine featuring Shirley Scott recorded for the Blue Note label in 1968 and performed by Turrentine with Shirley Scott Jimmy Ponder Bob Cranshaw and Leo Morris. The CD reissue added one bonus track recorded in a different session and originally released on Ain't No Way (LT 1095 1980). The other four tracks from said out of print LP may be found on the CD reissue of Easy Walker.
 Lord Changping (昌平君; died 223 BC) was a general and lord of Qin but later seceded from Qin and died as the last king of Chu (224–223 BC) in the last days Warring States period of ancient China.
 Church of St. Nicholas (Serbian: Crkva svetog Nikole Serbian Cyrillic: Црква светог Николе) in Jagodnjak is Serbian Orthodox church in eastern Croatia.
 Kunovo (Cyrillic: Куново) is a village in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Cheval Noir is a mountain in the French Alps in the Savoie department. It lies between Moûtiers in the north east and La Chambre in the south west. It is 2832 m high.The mountain is the namesake for the geologic Cheval Noir unit an accretionary wedge that formed during the subduction of the Valais ocean (or North Penninic ocean).
 Gay Male Pornography: An Issue of Sex Discrimination is a 2004 book by the anti-pornography pro-feminist author Christopher N. Kendall.
 Quaker Bridge Mall is a two-level major shopping center located in Lawrence Township New Jersey on U.S. Route 1 near Interstate 295. The mall opened in 1975 and has over 120 retail establishments. Managed by Simon Property Group (which owns 50% of it) the mall's anchors include Sears JCPenney Macy's and Lord & Taylor. It is also the location of the transmitter for the New Jersey-based radio station WKXW-FM better known as New Jersey 101.5.
 Challenge of the Gladiator (Italian: Il gladiatore che sfidò l'impero) is a 1965 Italian peplum film directed by Domenico Paolella.
 The Lloyd M. Joshel House also known simply as the Joshel House is a private residence in the Hilltop Neighborhood of Denver Colorado. Built in 1951 it is known as one of the finest examples of the International Style in residential architecture in Denver. The property is a local City of Denver Landmark and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 Cold Sweat is a 1970 French/ Italian international co-production starring Charles Bronson and directed by Terence Young. It is based on the 1959 novel Ride the Nightmare by Richard Matheson. It was filmed in and around Beaulieu-sur-Mer.
 The KNMI-mast Cabauw is a 213 metre high guyed mast for meteorological measurements at Cabauw the Netherlands.In 1972 at Cabauw (06348) a 213 m high mast was specifically built for meteorological research to establish relations between the state of the atmospheric boundary layer (ABL) land surface conditions and the general weather situation for all seasons. The Cabauw mast is located in the western part of the Netherlands (51.971 °N 4.927 °E) in a polder 0.7 m below average sealevel.
 Blagg is a tiny lunar impact crater located on the Sinus Medii. It is a circular breast-shaped crater with no appreciable erosion. To the east-southeast is the irregular crater Rhaeticus and to the northeast lies Triesnecker.
 K.C. Pant was an Indian politician and cabinet minister in the federal Government of India.
 Prince Osborne House built in 1700 is a historic First Period house at 273 Maple Street in Danvers Massachusetts.The First Period house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Cry of the Hunted is a 1953 American crime film noir directed by Joseph H. Lewis. The drama features Vittorio Gassman Barry Sullivan and Polly Bergen.
 William Eugene Galbraith (January 22 1926 - March 4 2012) is a native American of rural Beemer in the U.S. state of Nebraska. A veteran of World War II he served in several prominent positions within the American Legion the state of Nebraska and the United States Government. He served as National Vice-Commander of the American Legion before being elected National Commander of the American Legion on 31 August 1967. Mr. Galbraith is the only National Commander originating from Nebraska.
 The Heyburn Building is a 17-floor 250-foot (76-m) building in downtown Louisville Kentucky United States. In the early 20th century it was an integral part of the magic corner of Fourth Street and Broadway which rivaled Main Street as Louisville's business district.
 Old Town Farm is a historic poor farm building at 430 Pelham Street in Methuen Massachusetts. The brick two story building was built in 1846 after Methuen lost its earlier poor farm due to the loss of part of its territory to newly-founded Lawrence. The building is five bays wide and deep with entries on the front and side; the front entraice is recessed with a fanlight and sidelights.
 Koślinka [kɔˈɕlinka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola within Tuchola County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of Tuchola and 68 km (42 mi) north of Bydgoszcz.
 The Times-Picayune is an American tri-weekly newspaper published in New Orleans Louisiana since January 25 1837. The current publication is the result of the 1914 merger of The Picayune with the Times-Democrat. Since June 2013 the paper is printed as a broadsheet on Wednesdays Fridays and Sundays and in a tabloid format on Monday Tuesdays and Thursday. The latter is branded as The Times-Picayune Street or TP Street and is sold only through newsstands and retail locations.
 No Hassle is a concept album by Tosca released under Studio !K7. The cover contains a picture of Manhattan from Brooklyn's sideline.
 Stenoptilia is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.
 Sailing/Yachting is an Olympic sport starting from the Games of the 1st Olympiad (1896 Olympics in Athens Greece). With the exception of 1904 and possible 1916 sailing was always a part of the Olympic program.The Sailing program of 2012 consisted of a total of eight sailing classes (ten disciplines). Eleven Fleet races were scheduled from 29 July 2012 to 11 August 2012 of the coast at Weymouth Bay for each event except for the 49er and the Elliott 6m.
 Cham Ruteh (Persian: چم روته‎ also Romanized as Cham Rūteh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District Sirvan District Sirvan County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 481 in 101 families.
 Anoratha costalis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in northern India.The wingspan is 52–54 mm. The forewings have a dark reddish brown ground colour. The species exhibits sexual dimorphism in both shape and colour. Males have narrowerwings and a relatively straight outer margin forming a sharp and fine pointed apex. The forewings of the females are broader. The apex is also fine pointed but the outer margin is curved outwards.
 Akeel Al Saffar (عقيل الصفار) is an Iraqi politician. Al Saffar lived in exile for decades because of the regime of Saddam Hussein. Al Saffar worked closely with coalition forces (mainly British and American) in the lead to the Iraq War. He currently works as Deputy Minister for National Security Affairs. His family live in the United Kingdom.Al Saffar's first name is sometimes rendered as Aqeel.
 The David Whitney House is located at 4421 Woodward Avenue in Midtown Detroit Michigan. The building was constructed as a private residence. It was restored in 1986 and is now a restaurant. The Whitney Mansion was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism by Chögyam Trungpa is a self-help book addressing many common pitfalls of self-deception in seeking spirituality which the author coins as Spiritual materialism. The book is the transcript of two series of lectures given by Trungpa Rinpoche in 1970-71 and is considered one of Trungpa's seminal works by his publisher Shambhala Publications.In Psychology Today Michael J.
 The Mountain Chickadee (Poecile gambeli) is a small songbird a passerine bird in the tit family Paridae. Often it is still placed in the genus Parus with most other tits but mtDNA cytochrome b sequence data and morphology suggest that separating Poecile more adequately expresses these birds' relationships (Gill et al. 2005).
 Paul Anthony Lennon (born 8 October 1955) is an Australian Labor Party politician. He was Premier of Tasmania from 21 March 2004 until his resignation on 26 May 2008. He was member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly for the seat of Franklin from 1990 until officially resigning on 27 May 2008.
 Lausenbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 John Wesley Langley (January 14 1868 - January 17 1932) was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky husband of Katherine Gudger Langley.Born in Floyd County Kentucky Langley attended the common schools and then taught school for three years. He attended the law department of the National Georgetown and Columbian (now George Washington) Universities in Washington D.C. for an aggregate period of eight years.
 The Eurotheum is a 31-storey 110 m (360 ft) skyscraper in the city center of Frankfurt Germany. The building was constructed in 1999 to coincide with the adjacent Main Tower and is one of a few such in Frankfurt that offers office and residential space. Each floor of the tower has 17000 m2 (180000 sq ft) of office space which is occupied mostly by the European Central Bank as an extension of their headquarters at Willy-Brandt-Platz.The 22nd floor has a public bar lounge.
 Naveena Saraswathi Sabatham (English: Modern Saraswathi's Challenge) is a 2013 Tamil contemporary fantasy comedy film written and directed by K. Chandru. The film revolves around four men played by Jai VTV Ganesh Sathyan and Rajkumar. Niveda Thomas was paired opposite Jai. The film was produced by Kalpathi S Aghoram and has cinematography by Anand Jeeva; songs were composed by Prem Kumar.
 Pseudepidalea oblonga is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is found in Iran Turkmenistan Kazakhstan and possibly Afghanistan.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland freshwater marshes and freshwater springs.
 Anarsia isogona is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Japan (Honshu Kyushu) China (Zhejiang Yunnan) Taiwan and southern India.The larvae feed on Schima species.
 Kenyarctia occidentalis is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Bartel in 1903. It is found in Namibia and South Africa.
 Catoptria siliciellus is a species of moth in the Crambidae family. It is found in Bulgaria Asia Minor Iran (Larestan) and Transcaucasia.The wingspan is 27–30 mm.
 The Catalan Pre-Coastal Range (Catalan: Serralada Prelitoral Catalana) is a system of mountain ranges running parallel to the Mediterranean Sea coast in Catalonia. It is part of the Catalan Mediterranean System. Its main axis runs between the Catalan Transversal Range and the Serra de l'Espina which connects with the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit part of the Iberian System. The highest point is 1.7067 m at the Montseny.
 Sucunduri River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Gli Indifferenti (Times of Indifference) is a novel by Alberto Moravia published in 1929.
 The Elicura River is a river of Chile.
 Only Begotten Daughter is a 1990 fantasy novel written by James Morrow setting the stage for his later Godhead Trilogy. The book shared the 1991 World Fantasy Award with Ellen Kushner's Thomas the Rhymer. It was also nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1990 and both the Locus and John W. Campbell Memorial Awards in 1991.
 Mordellistena thurepalmi is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ermisch in 1965.
 The Annals of the American Thoracic Society is an official medical journal of the American Thoracic Society. It covers research in pulmonary critical care and sleep medicine. It is one of three journals published by the American Thoracic Society along with the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine and American Journal of Respiratory Cell and Molecular Biology.
 Time and Again is a 1970 illustrated novel by Jack Finney. The many illustrations in the book are real though as explained in an endnote not all are from the 1882 period in which the actions of the book take place. It had long been rumored that Robert Redford would convert the book into a movie. The project has never come to fruition.
 Osmia latreillei is a species of Mason Bees belonging to the family Megachilidae subfamily Megachilinae.It is mainly found in France Germany Switzerland Italy Greece and Spain.These Mason Bees are oligolectic gathering pollen only from Asteraceae species. They fly from April through July and larvae feed directly on pollen grains.
 Tomaros (Greek: Τόμαρος also Ολύτσικας - Olytsikas or Tmaros) is a mountain in southwestern Ioannina regional unit Greece. Rising to the south of the archaeological site of Dodona it is part of the Pindus mountain range. Its maximum elevation is 1974 m. The nearest mountains are the Xerovouni to the southeast and the Souli Mountains to the southwest. There are forests in the lower areas the highest areas consist of dry grasslands.
 The Torrents is a 1955 Australian play about an attempt to bring irrigation to a former gold mining town.In 1955 it was voted best play that year by the Playwrights' Advisory Board alongside Ray Lawler's Summer of the Seventeenth Doll. It was adapted for radio by the ABC in 1956. It was also adaptd into the musical A Bit o' Petticoat.
 Titans/Young Justice: Graduation Day was a three-part comic book limited series published by DC Comics. It was written by Judd Winick and illustrated by Ale Garza (pencils) and Trevor Scott (inks).
 Morning Sun is the 2002 EP from Australian three-piece band The Beautiful Girls.This was the debut album an independent release distributed by MGM Distribution.
 The name Fairy Tern can also refer to the White Tern (Gygis alba)The Fairy Tern (Sternula nereis) is a small tern which is native to the southwestern Pacific.
 Purpuricenus linsleyi is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Chemsak in 1961.
 Made in U.S.A. is a novel by the American writer Alfred Kern.The story is set in the 1960s in Braden Pennsylvania a fictional mill town north of Pittsburgh. Protagonist Steve Hamner is a successful trade unionist for the fictional United Ore and Metal Workers AFL-CIO. He meets Paula Montefiore a displaced intellectual from a Kafkaesque Eastern Europe who is seeking to make a new life in the United States. The two characters confront each other about the meaning of the American dream.
 Weekapaug Inn is a historic inn at 25 Spray Rock Road in Westerly Rhode Island.In 1899 Phoebe and Frederick C. Buffum built the original Weekapaug Inn. The Inn was built on a strip of land between the Quonochontaug Pond and the Atlantic Ocean in the community of Weekapaug Rhode Island. In 1938 the original Weekapaug Inn was destroyed by the famous hurricane of that year however the following year they rebuilt the inn across the pond and it reopened in 1939.
 Trifurcula helladica is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Greece (Peloponnisos and Crete).The wingspan is 4-4.4 mm.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 I'm a Writer Not a Fighter is Irish-English singer-songwriter Gilbert O'Sullivan's third studio album originally released in September 1973. Union Square Music re-released it April 2012 on Salvo label in part of the Gilbert O'Sullivan - A Singer & His Songs collection.
 Acleros bibundica is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Cameroon and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Hulk: The End is a one-shot comic book published by Marvel Comics. Written by Peter David pencilled by Dale Keown and inked by Joe Weems the story depicts a possible future for the Hulk like all of the other The End stories.
 Eleanor & Park is 2013 young adult novel written by Rainbow Rowell.
 Klejwy [ˈklɛi̯vɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny within Sejny County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Sejny and 115 km (71 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Nephology is the second studio album by German electronic artists Air Liquide which was released in 1994.The German and UK releases of the album contained different track listings.
 The Beautiful Room Is Empty is a 1988 semi-autobiographical novel by Edmund White. It is the second of a trilogy of novels being preceded by A Boy's Own Story (1982) and followed by The Farewell Symphony (1997). It depicts the adolescence and early adulthood of its protagonist and documents his experience of homosexuality in the 1950s and 1960s ending with the Stonewall Riots of 1969.
 Naïve is the fifth album by industrial rock group KMFDM. It was released on November 15 1990. It was recorded in Hamburg Germany upon KMFDM's return from their first visit to America and subsequent tour with Ministry.
 Employee of the Month is a 2004 American dark comedy starring Matt Dillon and Christina Applegate.
 Spilosoma rubidus is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Leech in 1890. It is found in China (Beijing Hubei Sichuan Zhejiang Shaanxi Hebei Jiangxi Fujian Hunan Yunnan Guizhou Jilin Shanxi Henan Guangxi Heilongjiang) and Taiwan.
 St. John the Baptist Roman Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church at 200 E. Main Street in Newark New Castle County Delaware. The first congregants of the church were Irish immigrants. The church was dedicated on June 24 1883 replacing the previous structure built in the late 1700s after the floor collapsed on Christmas Eve of 1880.
 Berlin is the title of a comic book series created by Jason Lutes and published by Black Eye Productions and then Drawn and Quarterly. Planned as a series of 24 magazines it describes life in Berlin from 1928 to 1933 during the decline of the Weimar Republic.
 There Ain't No Justice is sports novel by the British writer James Curtis first published in 1937.
 Esprit de Corps is a Canadian military magazine operating out of Ottawa Ontario by publisher and former soldier Scott Taylor. The magazine reports on Canadian and international military issues politics military history and current events. Esprit de Corps was originally designed to be an in-flight reading magazine in 1988 for passengers on Canadian Forces aircraft. Each issue features On Target an article written by Scott Taylor about current events.
 Greatest Shit is compilation album by KMFDM released on September 28 2010. This special edition version of Würst has the same track listing as that album on its first disc and comes with a second disc of additional mixes and edits of new and classic KMFDM tracks.
 Oblička Sena is a village in the municipality of Vranje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 52 people.
 The Elmina Java Museum is a museum in Elmina Ghana dedicated to the history of the so-called Belanda Hitam; soldiers recruited in the 19th century in the Dutch Gold Coast to serve in the Royal Netherlands East Indies Army. The museum is funded by the Edward A. Ulzen Memorial Foundation.
 Cages is a ten-issue comic book limited series by Dave McKean between 1990 and 1996 later collected as a single volume.Cages is a story about artists belief creativity and cats illustrated in a stripped-down pen and ink style.
 Murder in Grub Street is the second historical mystery novel about Sir John Fielding by Bruce Alexander.
 Ana Olivera (born 17 December 1953 in Montevideo Uruguay) is an Uruguayan professor and politician belonging to the Communist Party of Uruguay which has been integrated with Frente Amplio. She has served as Deputy Minister of Social Development during the government of Tabaré Vázquez. In the municipal elections of 9 May 2010 she ran as the only candidate of Frente Amplio and was elected as the Intendant of Montevideo a position which she has held since 8 July 2010.
 The KSC Headquarters Building houses the administrative offices of NASA's John F. Kennedy Space Center (KSC). Located on 1 Street in the Industrial Area of KSC on Merritt Island Florida it formally opened on May 26 1965.The facility includes the offices of the center director management staff personnel procurement and several hundred contractor and support workers.
 Rudzk Duży [ˈrut͡sk ˈduʐɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Piotrków Kujawski 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Radziejów and 59 km (37 mi) south of Toruń.
 Domab (Persian: دماب‎ also Romanized as Domāb; also known as Dumāb) is a village in Eshen Rural District Mehrdasht District Najafabad County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 773 in 198 families.Domab is located between the three cities of Khvansar Najafabad and Golpayegan. Domab is approximately 2140 meters above sea level. Located on the southern slope of Dalan mountain Domab is irrigated via seasonal rivers.
 Idopterum novaepommeraniae is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Strand in 1922. It is found on the Bismarck Archipelago.
 HM Prison Fairlea was an Australian female prison located on Yarra Bend Road in the suburb of Fairfield Victoria Australia. The first all-female prison in Victoria it was built on the site of the Yarra Bend Asylum with remnants of the walls and gates being used in the layout of the prison. In 1982 a deliberately lit fire led to the deaths of three inmates. The rebuilt and expanded prison reopened in 1986. The prison closed in 1996 due to privatisation of sections of the prison system.
 Biem Triani Benyamin (born March 13 1964) is an Indonesian politician and businessman. He was Indonesian senator from Jakarta known for proposing a judicial review allowing independent candidates to run in regional elections. He also chaired the special committee in the parliament for revising the Jakarta Special Capital Region Government Act.
 Atractocerus is a genus of beetles in the family Lymexylidae containing the following species: Atractocerus ater Kraatz 1895 Atractocerus atricollis Pic 1955 Atractocerus bicolor Strohmeyer 1910 Atractocerus bifasciatus Gestro 1874 Atractocerus blairi Gardner 1936 Atractocerus brasiliensis Lepeletier & Audinet-Serville 1825 Atractocerus brevicornis (Linnaeus 1766) Atractocerus bruijni Gestro 1874 Atractocerus crassicornis Clark 1931 Atractocerus emarginatus Laporte de Castelnau 1836 Atractocerus gracilicornis Schenkling 1914 Atractocerus kreuslerae Pascoe 1864 Atractocerus mirabilis Miwa 1935 Atractocerus morio Pascoe 1860 Atractocerus niger Strohmeyer 1910 Atractocerus procerus Schenkling 1914 Atractocerus quercus Gardner 1935 Atractocerus reversus Walker 1858 Atractocerus siebersi Karny 1922 Atractocerus tasmaniensis Lea 1917 Atractocerus termiticola Wasmann 1902 Atractocerus tonkineus Pic 1948 Atractocerus victoriensis Blackburn 1891↑
 Illinois State Fairgrounds Racetrack is a one mile long clay oval motor racetrack on the grounds of the Illinois State Fair in Springfield the state capital. Constructed in the late 19th century and reconstructed in 1927 the Springfield Mile as it is known has hosted competitive auto racing since 1910 making it one of the oldest speedways in the United States.
 Chah-e Reza (Persian: چاه رضا‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Reẕā) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District Chah Dadkhoda District Qaleh Ganj County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 459 in 98 families.
 Ostrowite [ɔstrɔˈvitɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzuze within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Rypin and 45 km (28 mi) east of Toruń.The village has a population of 1300.
 College is the third album released by Punjabi Bhangra artist Kulwinder Dhillon. This album was his most successful album and the song Kali Kite Mil and College.This album is still selling in the market.This album was his best super-hit album ever released and made him widely popular.
 MONTECRISTO Magazine is a regional lifestyle magazine in Vancouver BC Canada. MONTECRISTO was launched in December 2008 by Canadian entrepreneur Pasquale Cusano who is also the founder and publisher of NUVO (magazine).
 Coyote Creek is a stream in San Mateo County California and is a tributary of San Gregorio Creek.37.327998°N 122.36914°W﻿ / 37.327998; -122.36914
 Altefeld is a river of Hesse Germany. It has a length of 300 km.
 Michel Matte (born 12 December 1949) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec who was elected to represent the riding of Portneuf in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.Matte obtained a bachelor's degree in physical education from the Université du Québec à Trois-Rivières and a master's degree in arts from Laval University.
 Water's Journey: The Hidden Rivers of Florida is a documentary film that tracks the path of water through the Floridan aquifer where a team reveals the journey of water above and within the earth. Viewers are transported through a world that reveals how their lives are intertwined with the water they drink.
 Mount Emmons is a peak in the U.S. state of Colorado.It was named for geologist Samuel Franklin Emmons.
 Dinivodno Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Dinivodnos; Serbian: Диниводно језеро Dinivodno jezero) is a circular-shaped mountain lake in southern Kosovo. It is located on the Šar Mountains 2260 m (7415 ft) above sea level. Dinivodno lake has a maximum length of 109 m (358 ft) and a maximum width of 55 m (180 ft). The lake is 80 cm (31 in) deep. There is a bunch of grass that has made to the surface of the lake making it look like an island.
 Samson & Delilah is the second studio album by English recording artist V V Brown released on 9 September 2013 on Brown's YOY Records.
 Yoshinotsune is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is themed on Minamoto no Yoshitsune a legendary samurai. The title combines the name with Yoshino a chicken credited with chorus on albums during this time.
 Sztumskie Pole [ˈʂtumskʲɛ ˈpɔlɛ] (German: Stuhmerfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum within Sztum County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sztum and 54 km (34 mi) south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 460.
 Numbers is concept album by singer/songwriter Cat Stevens released in November 1975. Subtitled A Pythagorean Theory Tale it is a concept album based on a fictional planet in a far-off galaxy named Polygor and the Polygons who inhabit its palace.
 James Jamie Van Fossen (born May 5 1960) is a former Iowa State Representative from the 81st and 42nd Districts. A Republican he served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1995 to 2009. He received his BBA from Saint Ambrose University.During his last term in the Iowa House Van Fossen served on the Commerce Economic Growth Local Government and Ways and Means committees.Van Fossen was first elected in 1994 in then-District 42.
 The Suyong Bay Tower is a proposed supertall skyscraper in Busan South Korea. The tower was proposed in 1988 by Daewoo Corporation but the proposal remained stagnant for years. Now the latest proposal includes the tower into a massive redevelopment of the Suyong Bay and landfill. The current proposal has the tower standing 462 meters (1516 feet) tall and includes 102 floors.
 The Blithewold Mansion Gardens and Arboretum is an arboretum of 13 hectares (32 acres) located at 101 Ferry Road Bristol Rhode Island mid-way between Newport and Providence Rhode Island on Bristol Harbor with views over Narragansett Bay.
 Blood of Tyrants is the eighth novel in the Temeraire alternate history/fantasy series by American author Naomi Novik. This installment features the adventures of William Laurence and his dragon Temeraire in Japan China and Russia as they attempt to muster up new allies in the year 1812.
 Colegiata de Santa María la Mayor (Salas) is a church in Asturias Spain. The church was established in the 16th century. It contains a mausoleum.
 Hinemoa is a genus of small sea snails pyramidellid gastropod mollusks. This genus is currently placed in the subfamily Chrysallidinae within the family Pyramidellidae.
 The Great Mosque of Kairouan (جامع القيروان الأكبر) also known as the Mosque of Uqba (Arabic: مسجد عقبة بن نافع من‎) is one of the most important mosques in Tunisia situated in the UNESCO World Heritage town of Kairouan.Established by the Arab general Uqba ibn Nafi in 670 AD (the year 50 according to the Islamic calendar) at the founding of the city of Kairouan the mosque is spread over a surface area of 9000 square metres and it is one of the oldest places of worship in the Islamic world as well as a model for all later mosques in the Maghreb.The Great Mosque of Kairouan is one of the most impressive and largest Islamic monuments in North Africa its perimeter is almost equal to 405 metres (1328 feet).This vast space contains a hypostyle prayer hall a huge marble-paved courtyard and a massive square minaret. 
 Software is Grace Slick's 1984 album released by RCA Records. This album was recorded after she had re-joined Jefferson Starship. After working on this album Peter Wolf would go on to contribute to Jefferson Starship's 1984 album Nuclear Furniture. A music video was made for the single All the Machines. Software is Grace Slick's fourth and final solo album.
 The Peixe River (Bahia) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 MTV RPM 2002 is the last album and the only DVD by Brazilian rock and roll band RPM released in 2002 and bringing back its classical formation.Recorded at Procópio Ferreira Theater (São Paulo Brazil) in 26 and 27 March 2002 the album features greatest hits like Revoluções Por Minuto Alvorada Voraz Rádio Pirata Sete Mares and Louras Geladas as well as unreleased songs: Carbono 14 Rainha Vem Pra Mim (by Herbert Vianna) and Onde está o meu amor? recorded in studio and included on the Esperança's original soundtrack from Rede Globo.The album features Roberto Frejat as a guest at the song Exagerado by Cazuza. 
 Bone & Bari is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller recorded in 1957 and released on the Blue Note label as BLP 1572.
 Nadkole [natˈkɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów within Węgrów County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Łochów 36 km (22 mi) north-west of Węgrów and 57 km (35 mi) north-east of Warsaw.The village has a population of 90.
 Dolichomia craspedalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Hampson in 1906 and is known from Brazil.
 Podwole [pɔdˈvɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica within Kielce County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Morawica and 13 km (8 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
 Endoclita hoesi is a species of moths of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Borneo. Food plants for this species include Elettaria Eucalyptus and Theobroma.
 Wysoka [vɨˈsɔka] (German: Hohendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki within Elbląg County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Rychliki 11 km (7 mi) south-east of Elbląg and 71 km (44 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Daniel 'Dan' Paul Nordberg is an American politician and a Republican member of the Colorado House of Representatives representing District 14 since January 9 2013.
 Metasepia pfefferi also known as Pfeffer's flamboyant cuttlefish is a species of cuttlefish occurring in tropical Indo-Pacific waters off northern Australia southern New Guinea as well as numerous islands of the Philippines Indonesia and Malaysia. Mark Norman of Museum Victoria in Victoria Australia discovered that this unique species of cuttlefish is poisonous.
 Protantigius is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
 Alucita eudasys is a moth of the Alucitidae family. It was described by Diakonoff in 1954. It is found in New Guinea.
 On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft by Stephen King published in 2000 is a memoir of the author's experiences as a writer and also serves as a guide book for those who choose to enter the craft. In 2008 Entertainment Weekly listed On Writing 21st on their list of The New Classics: Books – The 100 best reads from 1983 to 2008 making it King's only entry.
 Robert C. Haas is an American law enforcement official who is the current Police Commissioner for the Cambridge Massachusetts Police Department. He previously served as Secretary of Public Safety and Undersecretary of Law Enforcement and Homeland Security under Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney as Chief of Police in Westwood Massachusetts and as a police officer in Morris Township New Jersey.
 Bambawa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Schwarzbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Han Hun Dirch og Dario (English: He She Dirch and Dario) is a 1962 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Ghita Nørby.
 Enaj (Persian: اناج‎ also Romanized as Enāj and Anāj; also known as Shahrak-e Shahīd Rejā’ī) is a village in Enaj Rural District Qareh Chay District Khondab County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1464 in 400 families.
 Plague Ship is the 5th installment of the The Oregon Files by Clive Cussler & Jack Du Brul. It is based around a series of violent viral attacks on cruise ships by extremists who want to make half the worlds population sterile.
 Buteh Gaz (Persian: بوته گز‎ also Romanized as Būteh Gaz; also known as Botteh Gaz Būta Gaz and Būteh Kār) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District Razaviyeh District Mashhad County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 22 families.
 Darreh-ye Baruk (Persian: دره بروك‎ also Romanized as Darreh-ye Barūḵ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District Sardasht District Dezful County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 5 families.
 Aughenbaugh Peak is a sharp peak in Antarctica rising to over 1800 metres (5900 ft). It stands 0.7 miles (1.1 km) northeast of Neuburg Peak in southwest Dufek Massif Pensacola Mountains. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and from U.S. Navy air photos 1956–66 and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Nolan B. Aughenbaugh a glaciologist at Ellsworth Station and a member of the first party to visit Dufek Massif in December 1957.
 Teratolepis is a genus of geckos endemic to India commonly known as Viper Geckos.
 Ultimate Comics: Iron Man is a comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics that began in October 2012 and ran until January 2013 as part of Marvel's Ultimate Comics imprint based on the Ultimate universe version of Iron Man. The series is written by Nathan Edmondson with art by Matteo Buffagni. The series features the debut of the Ultimate Mandarin which here is an organisation rather than a lone supervillain.
 James E. O'Neill Jr. was a Democratic Michigan politician and teacher who served as a member of that state's House of Representatives from 1967 through 1994. A high school teacher and elementary school principal in Hemlock O'Neill was a tireless advocate for schools and education a respected source of information on school finance and a key contributor to the landmark changes made by Proposal A.
 The Violin Player was the first techno/pop album by classical and pop musician Vanessa-Mae released in 1995 (see 1995 in music). It is also the first album Vanessa-Mae released on the EMI label. The Album was produced by Mike Batt and recorded and mixed by Gareth Cousins who also programmed the synthesisers and beats for the album.The Violin Player has a varied blend of music – covers of some classical (J.S.
 Obłazy Ryterskie [ɔˈbwazɨ rɨˈtɛrskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rytro within Nowy Sącz County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Rytro 17 km (11 mi) south of Nowy Sącz and 84 km (52 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
 In My Skin (French: Dans ma peau) is a 2002 New French Extremity film written by directed by and starring Marina de Van. It details the downward mental spiral of Esther a woman (played by Marina de Van) who engages in increasingly destructive acts of self-mutilation following an accident that injures her leg at a party.
 Micron is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of microscopy. It was established in 1969 and is published by Elsevier.
 German Village is a historic neighborhood in Columbus Ohio just south of downtown. It was settled in the early-to-mid-19th century by a large number of German immigrants who at one time comprised as much as a third of the city's entire population. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 30 1974 becoming the largest privately funded preservation district on the list and in 2007 was made a Preserve America Community by the White House.
 St. Teresa Roman Catholic Church is in the former town of New Toronto in Etobicoke Toronto Ontario and a part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toronto. It serves the local Father John Redmond Catholic Secondary School.
 Teilma is a village in Jõgeva Parish Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.
 Lepidonectes is a genus of triplefins in the family Tripterygiidae.
 Peter K. Michael is the current Attorney General of Wyoming. The former Attorney General Gregory A. Phillips appointed him Chief Deputy Attorney General on May 1 2011. Michael took over as acting-Attorney General on July 9 2013 and succeeded him officially on September 6 2013.
 Thessaloniki - Yannena With Two Canvas Shoes is an album by Goran Bregović and the Greek singer George Dalaras.
 Roelof Frederik Pik Botha (born 27 April 1932 in Rustenburg Transvaal Union of South Africa) is a former politician from South Africa who served as the country's foreign minister in the last years of the apartheid era.
 Gideon's Corpse is a 2012 thriller novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child that was released on January 10 2012 by Grand Central Publishing. The book centers around Gideon Crew and is a sequel to Gideon's Sword. The plot focuses around a nuclear scare the federal reaction and Gideon's attempts to unravel the mystery.Gideon's Corpse is expected to be followed by a sequel titled The Lost Island.
 KimiKiss (キミキス KimiKisu lit. First Kiss) is a dating simulation game for the PlayStation 2. Released by Enterbrain in 2006 KimiKiss has become a media franchise including manga light novel and has been made into an anime as of 2007-2008.
 Pingré is a lunar impact crater that is located near the southwest limb of the Moon beyond the large crater Phocylides. It lies to the northwest of the huge walled basin Bailly and to the east of the smaller Graff. Due to its location this crater appears foreshortened when viewed from the Earth.The outer rim of this crater has become worn due to minor impacts leaving the features rounged and irregular.
 Farlowella isbruckeri is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the upper Paraguay River basin. This species grows to a length of 13.4 centimetres (5.3 in) SL.
 A Scanner Darkly is a BSFA Award winning 1977 science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick. The semi-autobiographical story is set in a dystopian Orange County California in the then-future of June 1994 and includes an extensive portrayal of drug culture and drug use (both recreational and abusive). The novel represents one of Dick's best-known works and served as the basis for a 2006 film of the same name.
 Pizzo di Vogorno is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps of Switzerland. It is located north-east of Lago di Vogorno and Vogorno in the canton of Ticino.
 Sardasht-e Kalus (Persian: سردشت كالوس‎ also Romanized as Sardasht-e Kālūs) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 17 families.
 Viva a Brotolândia is the Debut album by Brazilian music superstar Elis Regina It was released in 1961.
 The Mercury is a daily newspaper published in Hobart Tasmania Australia by Davies Brothers Pty Ltd part of News Corp Australia and News Corp. The weekend issues of the paper are called Mercury on Saturday and Sunday Tasmanian.
 Water Research is a journal of the International Water Association and publishes research on the science and technology of water quality and its management.
 Cat People is a 1942 horror film produced by Val Lewton and directed by Jacques Tourneur. DeWitt Bodeen wrote the original screenplay which was based on Val Lewton's short story The Bagheeta published in 1930. The film stars Simone Simon Kent Smith Jane Randolph and Tom Conway.Cat People tells the story of a young Serbian woman Irena who believes herself to be a descendant of a race of people who turn into cats when sexually aroused.
 Loktak Lake (Manipuri Mayek:ꯂꯣꯛꯇꯛ: লোকতাক) the largest freshwater (sweet) lake in India also called the only Floating lake in the world due to the floating phumdis (heterogeneous mass of vegetation soil and organic matters at various stages of decomposition) on it is located near Moirang in Manipur state India. The etymology of Loktak is Lok = stream and tak = the end.
 Kościelec (2155 m above sea level) is a mountain in the High Tatras in the Valley Gąsienicowa of Poland.
 Mdjankagnoi is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 618.
 F. G. Morley was the 26th Colonial Auditor. He was appointed on 1 March 1922 succeeding W. W. Woods and held the office until 25 June 1931. He was succeeded by Oliver Ernest Goonetilleke.
 Zalesie [zaˈlɛɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą within Grójec County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą 40 km (25 mi) south-west of Grójec and 75 km (47 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
 Graz Cathedral (German: Grazer Dom) is the cathedral church in the Austrian city of Graz dedicated to Saint Giles. It is the seat of the bishop of the Steiermark diocese called the Diocese of Graz-Seckau. The church was built in 1438-62 by Friederick III in the Gothic architecture. Nearby is Mausoleum of Emperor Ferdinand II.
 Bruce Armistead Smathers (born October 3 1943) was a member of the Florida State Senate (Committees: Education Governmental Operations Ways and Means) and then was elected to and served as Secretary of State of Florida from 1975 - 1978.
 On Social Freedom: or the Necessary Limits of Individual Freedom Arising Out of the Conditions of Our Social Life is an essay regarding individual and societal freedom written by British philosopher John Stuart Mill. For some thirty odd years after his death the essay was among other possessions left in the home at which Mill died in Avignon France. It was not until June 1907 that this essay was released to the public.
 Lysthaugen is a village in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located on the southern side of the river Verdalselva about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of the municipal center of Verdalsøra and about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southwest of Vuku. The 0.33-square-kilometre (82-acre) village has a population (2009) of 331. This is a population density of 1003 inhabitants per square kilometre (2600 /sq mi).
 The Osmothèque (from Greek osmē ‘scent’ patterned on French bibliothèque ‘library’) is the world’s largest scent archive a leading international research institution tracing the history of perfumery based in Versailles with conference centers in New York City and Paris.
 Tateh Rashid (Persian: تاته رشيد‎ also Romanized as Tāteh Rashīd and Tāteh-ye Rashīd; also known as Tatarashi and Tātārshī) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District in the Central District of Dehgolan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 264 in 58 families.
 The Promised Land (Polish: Ziemia Obiecana) is a 1975 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Wajda based on a novel by Władysław Reymont. Set in the industrial city of Łódź The Promised Land tells the story of a Pole a German and a Jew struggling to build a factory in the raw world of 19th century capitalism. Wajda presents a shocking image of the city with its dirty and dangerous factories and ostentatiously opulent residences devoid of taste and culture.
 Support Your Local Sheriff! is a 1969 American comic western film which parodies the often-filmed scenario of an iconoclastic new arrival who tames a lawless frontier town. Starring James Garner Joan Hackett Walter Brennan Harry Morgan and Jack Elam the film was directed by Burt Kennedy and written by William Bowers.
 Calliopaea is a genus of sea slugs marine gastropod mollusks in the family Limapontiidae. These are sacoglossan sea slugs.
 Kahriz-e Qaleh Daresi (Persian: كهريزقلعه درسي‎ also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Qal‘eh Daresī; also known as Kahrīz) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Maku County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 124 in 23 families.
 The Homerus swallowtail or Jamaican giant swallowtail Papilio homerus is the largest swallowtail butterfly in the Western Hemisphere and the largest species in the genus Papilio with an average wingspan of about 15 centimetres (5.9 in) (the African giant swallowtail has a larger wingspan but this is mainly due to its elongated forewings).
 Karakışla is a village in the District of Sultandağı Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 Red White & Crüe is a anthology album by the heavy metal band Mötley Crüe released on February 1 2005 by Mötley Records and charted at number 6 on The Billboard 200. To coincide with the album's release the band reunited with drummer Tommy Lee who left the band in 1999. Bassist Nikki Sixx commented on the band's reunion comparing it to seeing Mike Tyson fight.
 Oratory of Saint Lawrence all'alpe Seccio (Italian: Oratorio di San Lorenzo all'alpe Seccio is a Roman Catholic church in the village of Boccioleto in the Province of Vercelli and the region of Piedmont Italy. The oratory situated 1380 metres above sea level is reachable only by a trail that winds through forests of beech trees until you reach the alpine pastures overlooking Cavaione Valley a side valley of the Sermenza Valley.
 Mount Forest United Church is one of two congregations in the Mount Forest Pastoral Charge of the United Church of Canada in Hamilton Conference. Built in 1873 the Mount Forest United Church is an important part of the local history of Mount Forest Ontario and continues to be one of the most historical and recognizable landmarks of the area.
 New and Old Gospel is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1967 and released on the Blue Note label.
 The Kintner House Hotel is a historic bed & breakfast located within the Corydon Historic District in Corydon Indiana. It is on the National Register of Historic Places since 1987. The present building was built in 1873. The original Kintner House two blocks away was where John Hunt Morgan learned that Robert E Lee lost at the Battle of Gettysburg. The Kintner House remained a hotel until 1920 and was used as offices until 1986 when it was extensively restored.
 L'Eclisse (English: Eclipse) is a 1962 Italian drama film written and directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Alain Delon and Monica Vitti. Filmed on location in Rome and Verona L'Eclisse is about a young woman who breaks up with an older lover and then has an affair with a confident young stockbroker whose materialistic nature eventually undermines their relationship. The film is considered the last part of a trilogy which was preceded by L'Avventura (1960) and La Notte (1961).
 Te Llegará Mi Olvido is the title of a studio album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel with mariachi in 1977 and re-release in April 1992.
 João Barroso Soares (born Lisbon São Cristóvão e São Lourenço 29 August 1949) is a Portuguese lawyer and politician member of the Socialist Party and was Parliamentary and President of The Municipality of Lisbon (1995–2002).He is the son of the former Portuguese Prime Minister and President Mário Soares and the actress Maria Barroso. He was married to Maria Olímpia Soares (b.
 Marriage Story (Hangul: 결혼이야기; RR: Kyeolhon iyagi) is a 1992 South Korean film. It was the fourth most highly attended Korean film between 1990 and 1995.
 Wichí – El Pintado is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
 The Lötschen Pass (el. 2690 m.) (German: Lötschenpass also Lötschberg) is a high mountain pass in Switzerland across the Lötschberg connecting Kandersteg in the canton of Berne and Ferden in the canton of Valais.There is no actual mountain called Lötschberg. The pass lies between the Balmhorn on the west and Hockenhorn on the east. The pass is not accessible for cars but traffic goes through the Lötschberg Tunnel via railway.
 The New Smyrna Museum of History is located at 120 Sams Avenue New Smyrna Beach Florida in the New Smyrna Beach Historic District. It contains exhibits depicting the history of New Smyrna Beach. The building itself was constructed in 1923 as the local post office. It later housed the administrative office of New Smyrna Beach Utilities. The city gave the building to the Southeast Volusia Historical Society in 2002 and it opened as a museum the following year.
 Miles B. Zimmerman Jr. (December 19 1917 – December 17 1989) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
 Kwa Geok Choo (Chinese: 柯玉芝; pinyin: Kē Yùzhī; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kua Gio̍k-tsi; 21 December 1920 – 2 October 2010) was most widely known as the wife of Singapore's former Minister Mentor and former Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew and one of the partners in the law firm Lee & Lee.Kwa was also the mother of current Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
 Drums and Wires is the third studio album by the English band XTC released on 17 August 1979. It reached No. 34 on the UK album chart and No. 176 on the U.S. Billboard album charts. It contained the successful single Making Plans for Nigel which was released on 14 September 1979 and reached No. 17 on the UK singles chart. It also contained the original recording of Ten Feet Tall a re-recorded version of which was released in March 1980 in the U.S.
 Guyjeh-ye Soltan (Persian: گويجه سلطان‎ also Romanized as Gūyjeh-ye Solţān Gowyjeh Solţān and Gowyjeh-ye Solţān; also known as Deija Sultān Deydzha-Sul’tan Deyjeh Solţān and Goyjeh Soltān) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Varzaqan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 803 in 183 families.
 The Plot to Save Socrates is a time travel novel by Paul Levinson first published in 2006. Starting in the near future the novel also has scenes set in the ancient world and Victorian New York.
 John Martin's Book was a children's magazine aimed at five- to eight-year-olds. Martin Gardner has written that it was a pioneering publication and the most entertaining magazine aimed at this age group published in the US. Priced from 10 to 50 cents over its twenty-year run it was primarily purchased by middle and upper income families due to its cost.John Martin was the pseudonym of Morgan van Roorbach Shepard (April 8 1865–May 16 1947).
 Ulochaetes leoninus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Ulochaetes.
 Essebach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Live for Tomorrow is the first solo album by American hard rock bassist Marco Mendoza. It was produced and co-written by Richie Kotzen who also recorded most of the guitar tracks and made several vocal appearances. The album also features many other famous rock musicians such as Steve Lukather of Toto Doug Aldrich and Tommy Aldridge of Whitesnake Ted Nugent Brian Tichy and others.
 Resonance is the fourth full length studio album by Polish grindcore band Antigama. It was released May 15 2007 by Relapse Records.
 Donny Brook is an album by organist Don Patterson with saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label. The album features guitarist Grant Green who was credited as Blue Grant for contractual reasons being then signed to Blue Note Records.
 Ryan Belhsen is the second album released by Moroccan pop singer Ryan Belhsen. It was released October 10 2010 in his home city Larache.
 Karen Ross is the Secretary of the California Department of Food and Agriculture having been appointed to that post by Governor Jerry Brown on January 12 2011. She had previously served as Chief of Staff to U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack a position she accepted in 2009. From 1996 to 2009 she was president of the California Association of Winegrape Growers (CAWG).
 Business Line or The Hindu Business Line is an Indian business newspaper published by Kasturi & Sons the publishers of the newspaper The Hindu located in Chennai India.
 Tunita is an extinct genus of prehistoric mackerel that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch of Southern California.
 The Record is the only daily (Monday–Friday) English language newspaper based in Sherbrooke Quebec Canada.
 Füllbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Olympus is the tallest and most prominent mountain in the Olympic Mountains of western Washington state. Located on the Olympic Peninsula it is the central feature of Olympic National Park. Mount Olympus is the highest summit of the Olympic Mountains however peaks such as Mount Constance on the eastern margin of the range are more visible from the Seattle metropolitan area.
 Number 7 Dam The largest dam built on the Dee River by Mount Morgan Gold Mining Company Limited officially known as the No. 7 Dam was built upstream from the mine in 1900. Due to a serious drought at the time the dam was not filled until May 1904. The wall was raised by 4.5 metres in 1999. It remained unfilled until November 22 2000 when water poured over the top of the dam for the first time.
 The Warlock of Firetop Mountain is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone and illustrated by Russ Nicholson. Originally published by Puffin Books in 1982 the title is the first gamebook in the Fighting Fantasy series. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2002. As well as launching the Fighting Fantasy series the gamebook inspired two direct sequels four novels and was adapted into a board game and a video game.
 Stolen Desire (盗まれた欲情 Nusumareta yokujō) is a 1958 Japanese film by director Shohei Imamura. This was the first film Imamura directed.
 Muraena clepsydra is a moray eel found in coral reefs from the Gulf of California to Peru and the Galapagos Islands. It is commonly known as the Hourglass moray.
 The Soldiers of Salamis (Spanish: Soldados de Salamina) is a 2003 Spanish film directed by David Trueba based on the book by Javier Cercas. Starring Ariadna Gil and Ramón Fontserè the film was nominated for eight Goya Awards in 2004 and won the award for Best Cinematography. It was also screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival. The exteriors of the film were shot in Girona (Spain).
 The Lambedor River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Huffman House also known as Creekside Farm and Huffman Farm is a historic home and farm located at Newport Craig County Virginia. The farmhouse was built about 1835 with an addition and remodeling between 1907 and 1911. It is a two-story single-pile center-hall plan frame dwelling with a side gable roof. Also on the property are a contributing early-19th century barn a corn crib a wash house a garage and an early-20th century country store.
 Uffe Elbæk (born 15 June 1954) is a Danish politician who served as Minister of Culture 2011-2012 and who has been a Member of the Danish Parliament or Folketing since 2011. Initially a member of the Danish Social Liberal Party he now sits as an independent in the Folketing. He is also the founder and former Principal of the KaosPilots International School of New Business Design and Social Innovation located in Aarhus.
 Mantoida nitida is a species of praying mantis in the Mantoididae family.
 Hockley also known as Erin and Cowslip Green is a historic estate located near Gloucester Gloucester County Virginia. The core of the main house was built about 1840 then added to in 1857 and modified to its present form in 1901 and 1906. It is a 2 1/2-story five bay frame dwelling on a brick foundation. The front facade features two flanking two-story 12 feet in diameter octagonal towers each with original copper finials at the peak.
 Devil On Our Side: B-Sides & Rarities is a rarities compilation album by Lawrence Kansas emo band The Anniversary. The album consists of unreleased material recorded while the band was still together before they broke up in 2004. This album is the first release from the group since the breakup.
 Gazabad (Persian: گزاباد‎ also Romanized as Gazābād; also known as Gazābād-e Deh Sheykh) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District in the Central District of Jiroft County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 188 in 47 families.
 Big City is a 1948 film.
 Potok is a village in the municipality of Gabrovo in Gabrovo Province in northern central Bulgaria.
 Belenois grandidieri is a butterfly in the Pieridae family. It is found on Madagascar and the Seychelles. The habitat consists of forests and forest margins.
 The Black-breasted Wood Quail (Odontophorus leucolaemus) is a species of bird in the Odontophoridae family.It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.Sir John Noe was a famous hunter of these birds.
 Farajabad (Persian: فرج اباد‎ also Romanized as Farajābād) is a village in Hasan Reza Rural District in the Central District of Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 31 in 10 families.
 The Dublin Hills are a mountain range in Inyo County California.
 Quhak (Persian: قوهك‎ also Romanized as Qūhak; also known as Ghoohak and Kūhak) is a village in Varzaq Rural District in the Central District of Faridan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 114 families.
 A Boy and His Atom is a 2013 stop-motion animated short film released on YouTube by IBM Research. The movie tells the story of a boy and a wayward atom who meet and become friends. It depicts a boy playing with an atom that takes various forms. One minute in length it was made by moving carbon monoxide molecules viewed with a scanning tunneling microscope a device that magnifies them 100 million times.
 Commatarcha quaestrix is a moth in the Carposinidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1938. It is found in southern China and Japan.
 En la trampa (In the Trap) is a 1979 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Gleba [ˈɡlɛba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Kadzidło 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Ostrołęka and 112 km (70 mi) north of Warsaw.
 Zvole (Prague-West District) is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Human Resources (French: Ressources humaines) is a 1999 French film directed by Laurent Cantet. As the title implies the subject of the film is the workplace and the personal difficulties that result from conflicts between management and labour corporations and individuals. It stars Jalil Lespert. Most of the other actors are non-professionals. It won numerous international awards and was one of the featured films at the 2005 Traverse City Film Festival.
 Deh Sir (Persian: ده‌سیر‎ also Romanized as Deh Sīr; also known as Deh-e Shīr and Deh Zīr) is a village in Qilab Rural District Alvar-e Garmsiri District Andimeshk County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 23 in 4 families.
 A Reminiscence of Dr. Samuel Johnson is a short story written in 1917 by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft. It was first published in the September 1917 issue of the United Amateur under the pseudonym Humphrey Littlewit Esq.The story is a spoof of Lovecraft's antiquarian affectations. Littlewit the narrator is born August 20 1690–200 years to the day before Lovecraft's birthdate—making him nearly 228 years old as he writes a memoir.
 Griswold Lake is a glacial tarn in the Ruby Mountains in Elko County in the northeastern part of the state of Nevada. It is located at the head of Hennen Canyon at approximately 40°38.1′N 115°29.2′W and at an elevation of 9220 feet (2810 meters). It has an area of approximately 17 acres (7 hectares) and a depth of up to 20 feet (6 meters).Griswold Lake is the principal source of Butterfield Creek which flows down Hennen Canyon before exiting the mountains into Pleasant Valley.
 Hazards is an independent award-winning occupational safety and health magazine. Published quarterly it is the trade union recommended magazine for UK union health and safety representatives. Hazards has also jointly developed a NewsWire with LabourStart which provides health and safety news headlines for union websites as an RSS feed.
 Toswel Kaua (born 28 August 1947 in Lau Malaita Province; died 15 November 2010 in Honiara) was a Solomon Islands politician several times Cabinet minister and Deputy Prime Minister from May to November 2007.He studied first at the University of Sydney (Australia) where he obtained a Certificate in Administration Management and Systems.
 Peter Zack Geer (August 24 1928 – January 5 1997) was a lawyer and a Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Georgia. Geer was born in Colquitt in Miller County in southwestern Georgia. In 1951 he graduated in 1951 from the Walter F. George School of Law at Mercer University in Macon and became a prominent attorney.
 Gobiesox is a genus of clingfishes found in the Americas. This genus includes both freshwater and marine species.
 Wygiełzów [vɨˈɡʲɛu̯zuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Irządze within Zawiercie County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Irządze 26 km (16 mi) north-east of Zawiercie and 66 km (41 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
 Laetilia cinerosella is a species of snout moth in the genus Laetilia. It was described by Neunzig in 1997. It is found in Florida.
 Songs My Father Left Me is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams Jr. The full title is Songs My Father Left Me The Poetry of Hank Williams set to music and sung by Hank Williams Jr. The Album was issued in 1969 by MGM Records as number SE 4621.
 The Taylor River rises close to Castle Peak in Colorado’s Elk Mountains in the northeast part of Gunnison County near the Continental Divide.Flowing southeast the river goes through Taylor Park Reservoir created by the Taylor Park Dam. From there it flows southwest. At Almont the Taylor River joins with the East River to form the Gunnison River. The river is 48.2 miles (77.6 km) long.Most of the river lies within the Gunnison National Forest.
 Beyond the Golden Stair is a fantasy novel by Hannes Bok. It was first published as the short story The Blue Flamingo in the January 1948 issue of the magazine Startling Stories; later the story was extensively revised and expanded by the author into novel form. The novel version was first published in book form (posthumously) in paperback by Ballantine Books as the twenty-third volume of the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in November 1970.
 Jayadevappa Halappa Patel (Kannada:ಜಯದೇವಪ್ಪ ಹಾಲಪ್ಪ ಪಟೇಲ್) (1 October 1930 – 12 December 2000) was the 15th Chief Minister of Karnataka from 31 May 1996 to 7 October 1999.
 Liocrobyla brachybotrys is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from Japan (Honshū and Kyūshū) and Korea.The wingspan is 6–7 mm.The larvae feed on Wisteria brachybotrys. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of an elongate or digitate blotch along the midrib. It is pale brown and bordered by pale green.
 New Beginnings is an album by Gerald Albright. It was nominated for Best Pop Instrumental Album at the 49th Annual Grammy Awards in 2007 which became his first nomination in that category.
 For the town of the same name see Semmering Austria.Semmering (elevation 965 m) is a mountain pass in the Eastern Northern Limestone Alps connecting Lower Austria and Styria between which it forms a natural border.
 Pak Daman is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 The William Bryant Octagon House is an historic octagon house located at 2 Spring Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. It was built in 1851 by Worchester Bros. for William Bryant Jr. a shoecutter and Lucinda A. (Hook) Bryant his wife. It is one of three octagon houses built in Stoneham during the 1850s and is the best preserved. The eight walls rise two floors and are covered by a bracketed roof with a central octagonal cupola.
 Ghetto Stories is a direct-to-video American crime film directed by John McDougal and Turk produced and distributed by Asylum Records. It was released on October 26 2010.
 Gozen 3-ji no Muhōchitai (午前3時の無法地帯) is a manga series written and illustrated by Yōko Nemu. It will be adapted into a live action series that will debut on March 20 2013. It will have 12 episodes each with 12 minutes.
 Singularity's Ring is a science fiction novel by Paul Melko. The story is set in a future after a singularity event which caused the bulk of humanity to disappear. The focus of this event was a huge space station which rings the Earth and which remains uninhabited after the singularity. Humans who remained on Earth have maintained an industrial technological base and are working to re-enter space.
 Stasera a casa di Alice (also known as Tonight at Alice's) is a 1990 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Verdone.
 St. James is a Roman Catholic church in Stratford Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 Altınova is a village in the District of Evciler Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 HM Prison Blundeston is a Category C men's prison located in the Village of Blundeston in Suffolk England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is due to close by March 2014.
 Khubyarlu (Persian: خوبيارلو‎ also Romanized as Khūbyārlū; also known as Khūybārlū) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District Abish Ahmad District Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 95 in 18 families.
 Holy Trinity Church is an Anglican church in Blackpool Lancashire England. Completed in 1895 the present church replaced one from 1836. Designed by Richard Knill Freeman in the Decorated Gothic style it has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the deanery of Blackpool.
 William Ralls Morrison (September 14 1824 - September 29 1909) was a U.S. Representative from Illinois.
 Kawczyn (Kawcze-Młyn) (Kashubian: Kôwczé-Młin) is a village in Gmina Miastko Bytów County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) south-west of Bytów and 118 km (73 mi) south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship). From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship. Kawczyn is located near the Studnica river.
 Reba Live is Reba McEntire's first and only live album to date. It features material primarily from her MCA recordings including several covers (Respect Jolene Mama Tried Night Life and Sweet Dreams). The album had no singles promoted from it but still sold respectably. It won the Favorite Country Album award at the American Music Awards.
 A. B. A. Ghani Khan Choudhury (November 1 1927 – April 14 2006 into a Bengali Muslim family) full name Abu Barkat Ataur Ghani Khan Choudhury known as Barkatda to his supporters was a prominent politician of Indian state of West Bengal and a senior leader of Indian National Congress party.A Muslim by faith he was first elected as an MLA to the West Bengal state legislative assembly in 1957 serving as a Cabinet Minister in the Government of West Bengal from 1972 to 1977.
 Anton Storch (1892 - 1975) was a German politician a member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the minister of labor from 1949 to 1957.
 Shinshun! Love stories (新春! LOVEストーリーズ) is a 2002 Japanese telefilm starring members of the all-girl J-pop group Morning Musume.Shinshun! Love stories is an anthology film based on three different romantic stories: The Dancing Girl of Izu Haikara-san ga Tōru and Toki o Kakeru Shōjo. The film aired on Tokyo Broadcasting System on January 2 2002. A limited edition DVD was released on October 26 2005.
 Przyłęków [pʂɨˈwɛnkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnna within Żywiec County Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Żywiec and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice.The village has a population of 369.
 Meenaxi: A Tale of Three Cities (or Meenaxi) is a 2005 Hindi film directed by M.F. Husain and starring Tabu Kunal Kapoor and Raghuvir Yadav. The film centers on Hyderabad novelist Nawab (Yadav) who is suffering from writer's block. After five years and no stories Nawab comes across an unconventional muse Meenaxi (Tabu). The three cities referred to in the title are Hyderabad Jaisalmer and Prague.
 Leuciscus danilewskii referred to as the Danilevskii's dace or Don dace is a species of freshwater fish of the cyprinid family inhabiting the Don River basin in Ukraine and Russia. It is similar to the common dace (Leuciscus leuciscus) and thought to replace it in the Don basin.
 Pseudocomotis agatharcha is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Colombia.
 Maurice K. Goddard (1912–1995) was the driving force behind the creation of 45 Pennsylvania state parks during his 24 years as a cabinet officer for six governors of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the United States. Maurice K. Goddard was born on September 13 1912 in Lowell Massachusetts. His family moved around during his childhood so that he lived in Kansas and Toronto before finally settling in Portland Maine. Goddard received a B.S. in Forestry from the University of Maine in 1935.
 Protographium thyastes is a species of butterfly found in the Neotropical ecozone.
 World Psychiatry is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in the area of psychiatry. It is the official publication of the World Psychiatric Association. It is published by Elsevier and the editor-in-chief is Mario Maj.
 My Friend Rabbit is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Eric Rohmann. Published in 2002 the book is a lighthearted tale about the friendship between a mouse and a rabbit. Rohmann won the 2003 Caldecott Medal for his illustrations. The book was adapted into an animated television series in 2007.
 The Beaver River is a tributary of the Liard River entering that stream in the area of its Grand Canyon just south of the British Columbia-Yukon border (the 60th parallel north) after running generally south-east from its origin in the extreme southeast corner of the Yukon Territory.
 The Holy Sinner (in German Der Erwählte) is a German novel written by Thomas Mann. Published in 1951 it is based on the medieval verse epic Gregorius written by the German Minnesinger Hartmann von Aue (c. 1165-1210). The book explores a subject that fascinated Thomas Mann to the end of his life—the origins of evil and evil's connection with magic.
 Bipunctiphorus dimorpha is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from the Seychelles South Africa Kenya La Réunion Madagascar and Tanzania. It has also been recorded from China.The wingspan is about 18 mm.
 24 Minuti was an Italian free daily newspaper published by Il Sole 24 Ore in collaboration with Il Sole 24 Ore Radiocor in the cities of Rome and Milan in Italy.Launched in 2006 it was the first Italian free daily newspaper devoted to an upper class readership. The owners decided to cease publication on April 1 2009 due to low advertising revenue caused by the 2009 economic crisis.
 The Knights of Pythias Building and Theatre also known as K. of P. Building is a building in Greensburg Indiana that was built in 1899. It includes Early Commercial architecture and Italianate architecture elements. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Konnathady (കൊന്നത്തടി)is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala. The Civic agency here is Konnathady Grama Panchayath.
 Francis Arthur Cockfield Baron Cockfield PC (surname pronounced Co-feeld; 28 September 1916 – 8 January 2007) was by turns a civil servant a company director a Conservative politician and a European Commissioner. He served as Minister of State at the Treasury from 1979 to 1982 as Secretary of State for Trade from 1982 until 1983 as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster from 1983 until 1984 and as a member of the European Commission from 1984 to 1988.
 Sar Qaleh (Persian: سرقلعه‎ also Romanized as Sar Qal‘eh; also known as Sarkhāla) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Divandarreh County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 510 in 101 families.
 Miss Modular is an EP by the post-rock band Stereolab released in 1997. It was produced in collaboration with the group Mouse on Mars. All four of its tracks were later re-released on the Oscillons from the Anti-Sun compilation.
 Floyd Adams Jr. (May 11 1945 – February 1 2014) was an American politician from the U.S state of Georgia and a former Mayor of Savannah Georgia. He was a Democrat.
 Little Merrill Lake is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County in Ontario Canada.The lake is about 1.6 kilometres (1.0 mi) long and 0.6 kilometres (0.4 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 337 metres (1106 ft) about 12 kilometres (7 mi) northeast of the community of Gunter and 18 kilometres (11 mi) northwest of the community of Cloyne.
 The Grand Sophy is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer. It was first published in 1950 by Heinemann in the UK and Putnam in the U.S. The story is set in 1816.
 The Stonecutter (Swedish: Stenhuggaren) is a 2005 novel a psychological thriller by Camilla Läckberg. It was translated by Steven T. Murray in 2010.A parallel story concerns a stonecutter in the area in the 1920s who falls under the spell of his employer's daughter Agnes. This sub-plot regarding Anders' forbidden liaisons with his boss' spoiled daughter interweaves with a modern day mystery .
 Criminales de guerra (English: War criminals) is a 1946 Argentine documentary film directed by Júpiter Perruzi. The film was made by excerpts of international news programs who covered the Nuremberg Trials. Additional commentaries and illustrative maps are also showed.
 Bayshore Community Hospital is a 225-bed acute care hospital located on a 37-acre (150000 m2) campus at 727 North Beers Street in Holmdel Township New Jersey United States. Its services include Cardiac Catheterization Diagnostic Imaging Medical/Surgical Behavioral Health Emergency Laboratory and Transitional Care. Bayshore Community Hospital is affiliated with The Meridian Health Family and The Cancer Institute of New Jersey.
 Princess of the Midnight Ball is a 2009 young adult fantasy novel written by Jessica Day George. It is based on the fairy tale The Twelve Dancing Princesses.
 The original Fish and Fur Club building is at Main (NY 301) and Pearl Streets in Nelsonville New York United States. It is now used as Nelsonville's village hall. In 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).It is a single-story three-by-three-bay wood frame building on a stone foundation. An asphalt-shingled hipped roof is pierced in the front by a triangular dormer with a semicircular window.
 Douglas Gunn (August 31 1841–November 26 1891) was an American scholar publisher pioneer and Republican politician from California.Born Lewis Douglas Gunn on August 31 1841 in Wheelersburg Ohio to Dr. Lewis Carstairs Gunn and Elizabeth LeBreton (Stickney) Gunn. He was middle-named for Frederick Douglas. His family moved to Sonora California in 1852 where his father bought and ran the Sonora Herald.
 Patrick B. Gillespie is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He is a native of Philadelphia.
 Stanford Reservoir is a drinking water reservoir on the River Avon England. It lies on the county boundary between Leicestershire and Northamptonshire near the village of Stanford-on-Avon.The reservoir was built in 1928 by Rugby Urban District Council and is now owned by the company Severn Trent Water.The site is considered important for bird species including Tufted duck Wigeon Pochard and Shoveler and five species of bats.
 The Animal Kingdom (also known as The Woman in His House in the UK) is a 1932 American comedy-drama film directed by Edward H. Griffith based upon a comedy of manners of the same name by Philip Barry.The film starred Leslie Howard Ann Harding Myrna Loy William Gargan Ilka Chase and Neil Hamilton.
 White Deer Park is the second studio album by Australian rock band Papa vs Pretty and the follow up to their 2011 ARIA-nominated debut album United in Isolation. It was released on 21 February 2014 through Peace & Riot/EMI.The album was recorded at Studios 301 and Forgotten Valley Studios in Sydney Australia and at Kingsize Soundlabs in Silver Lake Los Angeles California throughout March and April 2013.
 Dexia is a genus of tachinid flies in the family Tachinidae. Most larvae are parasitoids of beetles (Scarabaeidae).
 Catley Priory was a monastic house in Walcott Lincolnshire England. The Gilbertine priory of Saint Mary Catley was founded as a double house for nuns and monks between 1154 and 1158 by Peter of Billinghay. He endowed it with the whole of the then island of Catley the site of a grange and some arable land in Walcott the church at Billinghay and the chapel at Walcott pasture for four hundred sheep and right of fishing on Walcott marsh.
 Remember Me This Way is a 1974 album by Rock singer Gary Glitter. It features live concert performances from Glitter's 1973 Christmas show at The Rainbow in London and was released in conjunction with the movie/documentary of the same name that showed Glitter preparing for the tour. The album only features a one-minute edit of the studio recording of the title song which follows on at the end of the live recording.
 McChord Field Historic District is a historic district located within the McChord Air Force Base in Pierce County Washington. The base is located at the base of Puget Sound. The 31 contributing buildings and 3 contributing structures included in the district all date to the establishment of McChord Field and its role in World War II. Additionally the district is significant for its architecture representative of the period from 1938 through 1952.
 Monte Carmine is a mountain of Basilicata Italy.
 Wolfe Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada located in the eastern part of the province in South Frontenac and Rideau Lakes Townships.
 The Candy Trail is a 1916 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Husøy Chapel (Norwegian: Husøy kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Husøy. The chapel is part of the Lenvik parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white stone chapel was built in 1957 and it seats about 100 people.
 Julodis is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae.
 Henabad-e Olya (Persian: هناابادعليا‎ also Romanized as Henābād-e ‘Olyā and Hanābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Haneh Abad Olyā Hīnābād Bālā and Hīnābād-e Bālā) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District in the Central District of Kaleybar County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 102 in 23 families.
 The Byrds' Greatest Hits Volume II is the second greatest hits album by the American rock band The Byrds. It was released in the United Kingdom on October 29 1971 by CBS Records (see 1971 in music) as a follow-up to the band's first compilation album The Byrds' Greatest Hits.
 Żelistrzewo [ʐɛlisˈtʂɛvɔ] (Kashubian: Żelëstrzewò) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck within Puck County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Puck and 38 km (24 mi) north of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 2303.
 Otis Reservoir is a 1085-acre (4 km2) reservoir located primarily in Otis Massachusetts. Small portions are also in Tolland MA and Blandford MA. The lake is popular for boating swimming fishing water skiing snowmobiling camping and water-related recreation. Fish include lake trout bass white perch yellow perch catfish and bluegills.
 Platysuchus is an extinct genus of teleosaurid crocodyliform from the Early Jurassic (Toarcian). All specimens are known from Germany.
 Talents and Admirers (Talanty y poklonniki Russian: Таланты и поклонники) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky premiered on December 20 1881 in Maly Theatre. The author started working upon this 4-act comedy in August 1881 and finished it on December 6 of the same year.
 Pablo Ocampo Tecson (July 4 1858 – April 30 1940) was an officer in the Revolutionary Army serving under Gen. Gregorio del Pilar (responsible for the eventual surrender of the Spanish forces) and a representative to the Malolos Congress. He was elected the Governor General of Bulacan immediately following the Philippine–American War. Tecson later served as Insular Secretary of the Philippine Bureau of Agriculture.
 Twelve Deadly Cyns...and Then Some is a 1994 greatest hits album by American recording artist Cyndi Lauper. The album sold over 6 million copies worldwide. The album has sold 565000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan.
 Robert Malval (born July 11 1943 in Port-au-Prince) was the prime minister of Haiti from August 30 1993 to November 8 1994.An industrialist and business leader of Lebanese descent Malval was appointed on August 16 1993 by the President-in-exile Jean-Bertrand Aristide who gave Malval the task of reconciling the feuding parties. He defied the Army-backed president Émile Jonassaint.
 Princeton Free Will Baptist Church formerly Thankful Baptist Church is a historic church building at 104 Water Street in Johnson City Tennessee.The brick church was built in 1912 to serve Thankful Baptist Church an African-American congregation. Thankful Baptist Church moved to a new location on Watauga Avenue in 1975. In 1977 the congregation sold the Water Street church property to Princeton Free Will Baptist Church.
 This is a discography of music related to the American sitcom Friends.
 Prospect Creek is a small creek in the state of Western Australia Australia. It feeds into the Armanda River near Halls Creek.The headwaters of the creek rise below the Duffer range and flow in a northerly direction almost parallel with the Great Northern Highway until discharging in the Armanda River of which it is a tributary.
 Razadarit Ayedawbon (Burmese: ရာဇာဓိရာဇ် အရေးတော်ပုံ) is a Burmese chronicle covering the history of Ramanya from 1287 to 1421. The chronicle consists of accounts of court intrigues rebellions diplomatic missions wars etc. About half of the chronicle is devoted to the reign of King Razadarit (r.
 Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Blackwell Publishing Ltd and the Department of Economics University of Oxford. The journal was established in 1939 as the Bulletin of the Oxford University Institute of Economics and Statistics and became the Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics in 1973.
 Charlie Justice is an American politician from the state of Florida. A member of the Democratic Party Justice serves on the Pinellas County Commission. He was formerly a member of the Florida House of Representatives representing the 53rd district from 2006 to 2007 and the Florida Senate representing the 16th district from 2007 to 2010.
 Bunk Not Dead is the second album released by Bunkface a Malaysian punk rock band. It was produced by their own 'Bunkface Productions'. The album was released on 17 July 2012 in Malaysia. Bunk Not Dead consists of 9 English songs and 4 Malay songs including their hit singles Panik Jatuh and More.This album took two years to complete due to hectic touring schedules. The first single Panik was recorded entirely in Jakarta and Indonesia with an estimated cost of RM16000.
 Michael R. Gibbons is a former Republican member of the Missouri Senate representing the 15th District from 2001-2009. He served as President pro tempore. Previously he was a member of the Missouri House of Representatives from 1993 through 2000. In 2008 he ran for Missouri Attorney General losing to Chris Koster. He is a graduate of Westminster College Missouri and of the Saint Louis University School of Law.
 Brzeźce [ˈbʐɛɕt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Ryki County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.The village has a population of 450.
 Blink is the fifth album by Christian singer Plumb. It was released in 2007 via Curb Records. The album includes the single In My Arms.
 Ceromitia benedicta is a species of moth of the Adelidae family. It is known from South Africa.
 Linda K. Menard (born December 21 1943) is a Republican member of the Alaska Senate. She has represented the G District since 2009. She had previously served for over a decade on the Matanuska-Susitna Borough school board including as president. Her husband Curtis D. Menard (1944–2009) himself had served in the Senate from 1991 to 1993 as well as serving three terms in the Alaska House of Representatives.
 Cynipinae is a subfamily of gall wasp.
 Antiblemma subrutilans is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Ecuador and Costa Rica.
 Indian Ink is a 1995 play by Tom Stoppard based on his 1991 radio play In the Native State. The stage version of Indian Ink had its first performance at the Yvonne Arnaud Theatre Guildford and opened at the Aldwych Theatre London on February 27 1995. The production was directed by Peter Wood and designed by Carl Toms. The play had its American premiere in 1999 at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco California directed by Carey Perloff (see 1999 in literature).
 Psychedelic Revolution is a 2012 double album by Julian Cope former lead singer of The Teardrop Explodes released on Head Heritage Records. Cope dedicated the album to Che Guevara and Leila Khaled.
 Allpakallpa is a 1975 Peruvian drama film directed by Bernardo Arias. It was entered into the 9th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Silver Prize.
 Letovica is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the town has a population of 1126 people.
 This page is about the Pennsylvania State Senator; for the former U.S. Attorney see Mary Jo White.Mary Jo White is a Republican former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate who represented the 21st District from 1997-2013.
 The Very Best of Sandie Shaw is a compilation by 1960s British girl singer Sandie Shaw. Released in 2005 by EMI it contains digitally remastered versions of all her most popular hit singles from 1964 to 1988. It is actually the first compilation to feature the original recordings of all her UK chart hits.
 Negativland is Negativland's first album released by Seeland Records in June 1980. Each copy of the album has a different cover. This required a small run of only 15000 copies. It is on iTunes and Napster with a cover depicting marshmallow soufflé in a bowl. Unlike all other Negativland albums this album has no titles for the songs just numbers.
 Ultimate Collection is the eighth album released on Motown Records by the group DeBarge. The album is the second compilation of their greatest hits. In addition to the group numbers it also includes solo singles from El DeBarge and Bunny DeBarge. It also includes a track from Chico DeBarge who was never part of the family group. Also Motown was able to get the rights to the song Dance All Night from their Striped Horse Records album Bad Boys for this collection.
 Jacksonville City Nights is the seventh studio album by American alternative country singer-songwriter Ryan Adams released on September 27 2005 on Lost Highway. The album is Adams' second with The Cardinals and the second in a trilogy of albums released in a seven-month timespan during 2005. By 2007 the album had sold 100000 copies in the United States and 158000 worldwide. The album was recorded live in the studio without overdubs.
 Kol Israel Synagogue is a historic synagogue at 603 St. John's Place in Crown Heights Brooklyn New York New York. It was built in 1928 and is a vernacular tenement synagogue. It is a small two story rectangular building faced in random laid fieldstone.It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2009.
 Innocence is Kinky is the second studio album by Norwegian musician Jenny Hval. It was released in April 2013 under Rune Grammofon. The title track was released as a music video diected by Zia Anger.
 Pompano Citi Centre is a primarily open-air shopping mall in Pompano Beach Florida. The center consists of a big box retailer strip in addition to a small lifestyle center section. The mall's anchors include J. C. Penney Lowe's Macy's and Sears. Office Depot and Ross are considered by Faison the property owner and developer as junior anchors. [1]Previously the center was an enclosed mall called Pompano Square. Originally developed by Leonard L. Farber Inc.
 Les Gens qui s'aiment is a 1999 French-language dramedy written and directed by Jean-Charles Tacchella. It stars Richard Berry and Jacqueline Bisset. It was released in France on 5 July 2000.
 Mitromorpha selene is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
 Biadoliny Szlacheckie [bjadɔˈlinɨ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno within Brzesko County Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.There is a railway station in the village.
 Concorde Affaire '79 (1979) (Italian: Affare Concorde) also known as The Concorde Affair is an Italian action thriller directed by Ruggero Deodato and was written by Ernesto Gastaldi and Renzo Genta.
 Kozhukkallur is a village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala India.
 Dash Bolagh (Persian: داشبلاغ‎ also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District in the Central District of Malekan County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 179 in 44 families.
 Magic's Promise is the second fantasy novel in the The Last Herald Mage Trilogy by Mercedes Lackey and published in 1992.
 Designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in 1953 and completed in 1954 the John and Syd Dobkins House is one of three Wright-designed Usonian houses in Canton Ohio. Located farther east than the Nathan Rubin Residence and the Ellis A. Feiman House it is set back from the road has tall thin casement windows and prominent doors that rise to nearly the roofline. Its distinctive geometric design module based upon an equilateral triangle reflects Wright's Usonian design philosophy.
 The Debren River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Benjamin Stephenson House is a Federal style home built in 1820 in the city of Edwardsville Illinois United States. The house was constructed by prominent Edwardsville citizen and Illinois politician Benjamin Stephenson. He died shortly after the home's completion and the home had 15 subsequent owners some of whom made major alterations to the original structure. In 1845 the addition of an ell altered the appearance of the house.
 Bearded is a British bi-monthly music magazine that distributes nationwide through WHSmith Borders independent record shops and newsagent's shops.
 The Serra de Collserola (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈsɛrə ðə kuʎsəˈɾɔɫə]) or simply Collserola is a mountain range between the rivers Besòs and Llobregat. It is part of the Catalan Coastal Range. These mountains separate Barcelona from the Vallès plain and their tallest peak is the Tibidabo at 512 m.
 The Grimoire was a comic book series published by Speakeasy Comics in 2005. A contemporary fantasy story The Grimoire was created by writer Sebastien Caisse and art studio Grafiksismik.
 Roberta Flack is Roberta Flack's self-titled album. It represents her eighth album overall and was released in 1978. Its premiere single If Ever I See You Again was #1 on Billboard's Adult Contemporary chart for three consecutive weeks. It was also a Top 20 Pop hit.
 The Valea Bunii River is a tributary of the Cheia River in Romania.
 Pratylenchus mulchandi is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 Board of Extension of the Methodist Episcopal Church South (Methodist Center Building) is a historic building at 1115 S. 4th Street in Louisville Kentucky.The building was constructed in 1915 in a Classical Revival style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Tales Beyond Time: From Fantasy to Science Fiction is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp. It was first published in hardcover by Lothrop Lee & Shepard in 1973 and in paperback by William Morrow.
 Becky Corbin is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. She represents the 155th district. She is a member of the Republican Party.
 Vertigo is the student magazine of the University of Technology Sydney. Its name derives from the university's main building which is a 28-storey brutal modernist tower block and how the Vertigo Offices were originally at its summit (they have since been moved to Level 3). The magazine is published by the UTS Students' Association.The name Vertigo was adopted in 1991.
 Sówka [ˈsufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo within Kętrzyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 2000 AD (Chinese: 公元2000 released in the Hong Kong as Gong Yuan 2000 AD) is a 2000 Hong Kong science fiction action film written and directed by Gordon Chan and starring Aaron Kwok Phyllis Quek James Lye and Daniel Wu. The film was shot on location in both Hong Kong and Singapore. It was timed to screen during the peak Chinese New Year period.
 Ames Manufacturing Company has its origins in blacksmith and founder Captain John Ames who in 1774 made some of the first manufactured shovels in what would emerge as the new United States of America.
 Labdia promacha is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Taiwan and Australia.
 Glacier Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. While no trails lead to the lake it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 047.Glacier Lake is northeast of Merriam Peak and upstream of Baker Lake Cornice Emerald Quiet Noisy and Rock Lakes.
 Abergavenny Castle is a ruined castle in the market town of Abergavenny Monmouthshire Wales established by the Norman lord Hamelin de Ballon in about 1087. It was the site of a massacre of Welsh noblemen in 1175 and was attacked during the early 15th century Glyndŵr Rising. William Camden the 16th century antiquary said that the castle has been oftner stain'd with the infamy of treachery than any other castle in Wales.It has been a Grade I listed building since 1952.
 Hajjiabad (Persian: حاجي اباد‎ also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District Golgir District Masjed Soleyman County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 104 in 23 families.
 The Crowd is a 1928 American silent film directed by King Vidor and starring Eleanor Boardman and James Murray.The picture is an influential and acclaimed feature and was nominated for the Academy Award for Unique and Artistic Production. In 1989 this film was one of the first 25 films to be selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 Drake Circus Shopping Centre is a 425000 square feet (39484 m2) covered shopping mall in the centre of Plymouth England which opened in October 2006.The new building designed by London-based architects Chapman Taylor and built by Bovis Lend Lease and situated behind the ruined Charles Church preserved as the city's civilian war memorial has provoked a mixed reception.
 Roland Richer (born June 23 1941) is a Canadian politician who was a Parti Québécois member of the National Assembly of Quebec for Argenteuil electoral district from 2012 to 2014Richer was formerly a schoolteacher and school principal. He was elected in a by-election held on June 11 2012 which was triggered by the resignation of David Whissell on December 16 2011 in a close race against Quebec Liberal Party candidate Lise Proulx.
 Rattlesnake Lake is a lake in King County Washington located in Rattlesnake Mountain Scenic Area some 30 miles (48 km) east of Seattle.
 Charles-Philippe Beaubien (May 10 1870 – January 17 1949) was a lawyer and political figure in Quebec. He sat for Montarville division in the Senate of Canada from 1915 to 1949.He was born in Outremont the son of Louis Beaubien and Suzanne Lauretta Stuart. Beaubien was educated at the Collège Sainte-Marie and the Université Laval. He was admitted to the Quebec bar in 1894. In 1899 he married Margaret Rosemary Power.
 Behind The Bright Lights is the second and final studio album by metalcore band Fei Comodo. It was released on July 16 2012 although it was originally due to be released on 14 May 2012. A special edition of the album was also released which contained bonus material including acoustic performances guitar tutorials and two music videos alongside the album tracks. Two of the tracks on the album No Way Out and A Man Left Behind had previously been released on the EP The Life They Lead.
 John Christoph Blucher Ehringhaus (February 5 1882 – July 31 1949) was the Governor of North Carolina from 1933 to 1937.
 Ending Aging: The Rejuvenation Breakthroughs that Could Reverse Human Aging in Our Lifetime is a 2007 book written by Aubrey de Grey a biomedical gerontologist with his research assistant Michael Rae. Ending Aging describes de Grey's proposal for eliminating aging as a cause of debilitation and death in humans and restoring the body to an indefinitely youthful state a project plan that he calls the Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence or SENS.
 Mullan Road was the first wagon road to cross the Rocky Mountains to the Inland of the Pacific Northwest. It was built by US Army Lieut. John Mullan between the spring of 1859 and summer 1860.
 Koonur is a village in Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Bibinagar mandal.
 V: Hävitetty (Chapter V - Ravaged) is the fifth full-length album by Finnish pagan metal band Moonsorrow. It was released on January 10 2007 through Spinefarm Records. As a joke by the band the name Homosika (gay pig) was released as the working title for Viides Luku - Hävitetty.Hävitetty follows up on the sound established on Moonsorrow's previous studio album Verisäkeet.
 The Virginia Street Bridge is a historic concrete double arch bridge in downtown Reno Nevada USA carrying Virginia Street across the Truckee River. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Bluegrass Cat is a thoroughbred race horse. Foaled on January 23 2003 he finished second in the 2006 Kentucky Derby 6.5 lengths behind Barbaro.
 Through the Morning Through the Night is the 2nd and final album from the country rock duo Dillard & Clark. The musicians included country rock and folk rock pioneers Gene Clark Doug Dillard Bernie Leadon Chris Hillman Sneaky Pete Kleinow Byron Berline and Michael Clarke.
 The Richard Benton House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa. The Italianate and Greek Revival style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 The Crowned Hornbill (Tockus alboterminatus) is an African hornbill. It is a medium-sized bird with a length between 50 and 54 cm and it is characterized by its white belly and black back and wings. The tips of the long tail feathers are white. The eyes are yellow; the beak is red and presents a stocky casque on the upper mandible.
 A Bridge to Wiseman's Cove (1996) is a novel by Australian author James Moloney. The novel features the life of a 15-year-old boy Carl Matt and his dysfunctional family.
 Marthal is a medium village in the southern part of India. It is 10 km (6.2 mi) from Nagercoil.Marthal village may look as medium and you may find nothing important in this. But it is a historical place. Once named as Marthanda Naloor. The village has temples that convey the message of being a great place once. Graveyards are the main thing that is in the middle of this village. It has a Matriculation school and it is 100% literate village.
 Tafsir Ishraq al-Ma’ani is a commentary of the Qur'an in English language by an Indian Islamic scholar ‘Syed Iqbal Zaheer’ editor of the Bangalore based weekly Islamic magazine ‘Young Muslim Digest’. This 14-volume commentary is essentially a quintessence of Qur’anic commentaries (from both traditional and modern tafsirs).
 The Dauphiné Prealps (Préalpes du Dauphiné in French) are a mountain range in the south-western part of the Alps. They are located in Rhône-Alpes and marginally in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur (south-eastern France). Dauphiné Prealps are the central section of the French Prealps.
 East Warwick Reservoir is located in the London Borough of Waltham Forest at Walthamstow. The storage reservoir is part of the Lee Valley Reservoir Chain and supplies drinking water to London. The reservoir is owned by Thames Water.
 Raymond Leo Flynn (born July 22 1939) also known as Ray Flynn served as Mayor of Boston Massachusetts from 1984 until 1993. He was later appointed United States Ambassador to the Holy See (1993–1997) by President Bill Clinton.
 First Baptist Church East Thomas is a historic church at 419 11th Court West in Birmingham Alabama. It was built in 1939 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 I Am Ichihashi: Journal of a Murderer (I am ICHIHASHI逮捕されるまで I am Ichihashi Taiho Sareru made) is an upcoming 2013 Japanese film directed by and starring Dean Fujioka in the title role. The film is scheduled to be released in Japan on 9 November 2013. Based on the book Until I was Arrested by Tetsuya Ichihashi the film portrays the two and a half years in which Ichihashi remained on the run following the murder of Lindsay Hawker in March 2007 until his arrest in November 2009.
 Rain or Shine is a 1930 all-talking pre-code film directed by Frank Capra and starring Joe Cook and Louise Fazenda. The film was adapted from a hit Broadway musical of the same name and was originally planned as a full-scale musical. Due to the public backlash against musical films (beginning in the latter part of the summer of 1930) all musical numbers were discarded before release.
 Coloniţa is a commune in Chişinău municipality Moldova. It is composed of a single village Coloniţa.
 American Virgin (previously Virgin on Bourbon Street) is a 2009 American comedy film directed by Clare Kilner written by Jeff Seeman and starring Rob Schneider and Bo Burnham.
 Andersonville is an American television film directed by John Frankenheimer about a group of Union soldiers during the American Civil War who are captured by the Confederates and sent to an infamous Confederate prison camp.The film is loosely based on the diary of John Ransom a Union soldier imprisoned there.
 Ste-Anne is a Catholic church located at 528 Old St. Patrick Street in the Lowertown neighbourhood of Ottawa Canada. It was built in 1873 by architect J.P. LeCourt. It is notable because it is one of the few examples of traditional Québécois church architecture in Ottawa and Ontario. It is the home of St. Clement Parish a bilingual parish community that celebrates the Mass and other sacraments according to the extraordinary form of the Roman Rite.
 The Home of Dark Butterflies (Finnish: Tummien perhosten koti) is a 2008 Finnish film directed by Dome Karukoski and starring Niilo Syväoja Tommi Korpela Kristiina Halttu and Kati Outinen.
 Sparganothoides hydeana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from the mountains of Arizona Colorado and New Mexico south to Puebla in Mexico. The habitat consists of coniferous forests pinyon-juniper oak-cottonwood and willow-Rhus associations.The length of the forewings is 10.4–11.7 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish yellow to brown with an indistinct pattern of orange brownish orange and/or reddish brown scaling.
 Sir Arthur Hunter Palmer KCMG (28 December 1819 – 20 March 1898) was an Irish-Australian politician and a Premier of Queensland.
 Sar Chit-e Pain (Persian: سرچيت پائين‎ also Romanized as Sar Chīt-e Pā’īn; also known as Sar Chīd-e Pā’īn Sar Chīl-e Pā’īn and Sarchīl Pā’īn) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District in the Central District of Kerman County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 This River Awakens is the first novel by Canadian author Steve Lundin best known by his pseudonym Steven Erikson. The book was first published in 1998 with funding by the Manitoba Arts Council.
 The Pângărăcior River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Bycz [bɨt͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski within Radziejów County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Piotrków Kujawski 18 km (11 mi) south of Radziejów and 62 km (39 mi) south of Toruń.The village has an approximate population of 220.
 Feminine Intuition is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov originally published in the October 1969 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and collected in The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories (1976) The Complete Robot (1982) and Robot Visions.
 Next magazine (Chinese: 壹週刊; Pinyin: Yī zhōu kān; IPA in Cantonese: /jʌt7 dzʌl1 hɔːn2/) is a Chinese weekly magazine published in Hong Kong and Taiwan with different versions. Owned by Jimmy Lai (黎智英) both magazines are the number one news magazines in both markets in terms of audited circulation and AC Nielsen reports. The magazines are also two of the most controversial magazines in the region.
 Ivan Allen Jr. (March 15 1911 – July 2 2003) was an American businessman who served two terms as the 52nd Mayor of Atlanta Georgia during the turbulent civil rights era of the 1960s. Allen provided pivotal leadership for transforming the segregated and economically stagnant Old South into the progressive New South.
 Lusitanichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
 Loch Drunkie (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Drongaidh pronounced [lˠ̪ɔx ˈd̪̊ɾɔŋɡɪ]) is a small loch near Callander in the Stirling council area Scotland.
 Market Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Potsdam in St. Lawrence County New York. The district includes 27 contributing buildings dated from 1820 to 1900. The district encompasses the extant 19th century commercial core of the village.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Sartorial Contemporary Art is an artist-run gallery founded in 2005 by Gretta Sarfaty Marchant artist and curator as a project-led space in central London England. Originally based in an 18th century Georgian house on Kensington Church Street. Sartorial Contemporary Art moved to Kings Cross in October 2008 where it has built a reputation for embracing newly emerging artists.
 How to Cheat in the Leaving Certificate (1998) is an independent Irish film directed by Graham Jones in which six teenagers devise a plan to cheat in their Leaving Certificate final school examinations. The film was shot in black and white on Super 16mm. After being hailed by critics it was blown up to 35mm for theatrical distribution. Many well known Irish faces made cameo appearances and some commentators regard the 2004 American film The Perfect Score as a remake.
 Palučci is a village in the municipality of Drvar Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Edwards Gymnasium/Pfieffer Natatorium on S. Sandusky St. on the main campus of Ohio Wesleyan University was built in 1905. It was a work of J.W. Yost and of Feick & Son.
 Lausche is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Mean is the fifth album by the band Montrose. It has much more of a glam metal sound than previous Montrose albums.According to Ronnie Montrose singer Johnny Edwards and drummer James Kottak were still officially in the band Buster Brown at the time of the recording of Mean.
 Corridor is the eighteenth studio album by Japanese pop singer Miki Imai released on November 25 2009. It is her first studio album in 3 years. It debuted at #61 on the weekly Oricon albums chart with 2926 units sold.
 The Ciortești River is a tributary of the Vasluieţ River in Romania. Also known as Balosina.
 Cobark River a perennial river of the Manning River catchment is located in the Upper Hunter district of New South Wales Australia.
 Enzeli (foaled 5 April 1995) is a retired Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and stallion. He won Ascot Gold Cup in 1999.
 Bucinna is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 St. Vincent's Medical Center Riverside is a 528-bed full service tertiary care Catholic hospital located in Jacksonville Florida. It is the largest non-profit Catholic hospital in the United States and is owned by St. Vincent's HealthCare. Located in the Riverside area it was launched in 1916 by the Daughters of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul.
 Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life Death and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity is a non-fiction book written by Pulitzer Prize-winner Katherine Boo in 2012. It won the National Book Award and the Los Angeles Times Book Prize among many others.The book describes a present-day slum of Mumbai India named Annawadi and located near the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport.
 Louis Theroux: Miami Mega Jail is a British television documentary film presented by and featuring Louis Theroux.
 Paul Andrew Nuttall MEP(born 30 November 1976 Bootle) is the Deputy Leader of the UK Independence Party and Member of the European Parliament for the North West England region.
 Austroceratites is an extinct shelled cephalopod genus that lived during the Triassic included in ammonoid order Ceratitida. Within the Ceratitida Autroceratites belongs in the family Ceratitidae and subfamily Ceratitinae.Ceratitidae in which Austroceratites is placed is a mid Triassic family that has left evolute to involute stoutly ribbed discoidal shells with ceratitic sutures.
 Lachnocnema brimoides is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in western Tanzania Malawi (Mount Mlanje) Zambia the eastern highlands of Zimbabwe and Mozambique.
 South Morava or in the past Bulgarian Morava (Serbian Јужна Морава Južna Morava; pronounced [jûːʒnaː mɔ̝̌rav̞a]; Macedonian Јужна Морава; Bulgarian Южна Морава or Българска Морава) is a river in southern Serbia which represents the shorter headwater of Great Morava. Today it is 295 km long. It flows generally in the south to north direction from Macedonian border to Central Serbia where it meets West Morava at Stalać to create Great Morava.
 Elk-Lake Serenade is the fourth album by Canadian singer-songwriter Hayden. It was released on 18 May 2004 in Canada (on Hayden's own record label Hardwood Records) and in the U.S.A. (on the Badman Recording Co.). It was released two months later in the U.K. on Loose Music and in Australia and New Zealand on Spunk Records.Elk Lake is a community in Northern Ontario.
 A View For Freedom: Alfie Roberts Speaks on the Caribbean Cricket Montreal and C.L.R. James is a book published in June 2005 by The Alfie Roberts Institute.A View For Freedom: Alfie Roberts Speaks is based on an extensive interview with Alfie Roberts conducted by David Austin in January 1995 over a year before Roberts died. With an introduction by David Austin and afterword by Robert Hill it is Roberts’ testament on Caribbean and African history and politics cricket C. L. R.
 Warmenau is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Déjà Vu is a 2006 American action thriller film with elements of science fiction directed by Tony Scott produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and co-written by Bill Marsilii and Terry Rossio. The film stars Denzel Washington and Paula Patton as the main characters with Jim Caviezel Val Kilmer Adam Goldberg Bruce Greenwood and Matt Craven in supporting roles.
 Puerto nuevo is a 1936 Argentine musical film drama directed and written by Luis César Amadori and Mario Soffici. It is a tango film. The music was performed by Uruguayan musician Francisco Canaro.
 Pratap Bhanu Sharma (born 6 March 1947) is an Indian politician and a senior leader of the Indian National Congress.
 Dance Chronicle is a peer-reviewed academic journal focusing on dance. It was established in 1977 and published by Marcel Dekker. In 2003 the journal was transferred to Routledge. The editors-in-chief are Joellen Meglin and Lynn Matluck Brooks.
 Tom Benson (26 August 1929 – 24 December 2000) was a Unionist politician in Northern Ireland.Born in Enniskillen Benson was an officer in the Royal Ulster Constabulary. He joined the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) and was elected to Ards Borough Council serving as Mayor of Ards from 1987-88.
 Freedom to Roam is Nikola Šarčević's fourth solo album released in March 2013. The album was recorded entirely in English as opposed to his previous solo album Nikola & Fattiglapparna which was made up of all-Swedish lyrics.On March 17 2013 the first single and video clip for Ophelia was released.The album is also set to be released on limited edition red or black vinyl. The release has since been delayed.
 Liquid Tension Experiment 2 is the second studio album by instrumental rock/progressive metal supergroup Liquid Tension Experiment released on June 15 1999 through Magna Carta Records. The album reached No. 8 on the Billboard Top Internet Albums chart and No. 40 on Billboard's Heatseekers.
 Howard Johnson Hotel Bucharest is a 70 metres (230 ft) high five star hotel in Bucharest. The building has 18 floors and 285 luxury rooms.There are also 3 underground floors that serve as a parking space for around 200 cars.
 Love and Larceny or Il mattatore is a 1960 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi. It was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Robert Genetski is a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Michigan. He is currently a member of the Michigan House of Representatives representing the 88th District which covers Allegan County including the cities of Holland Allegan Douglas Fennville Plainwell Saugatuck South Haven and Wayland. Prior to his first term as a State Representative Genetski was a school teacher for a decade. He spent time teaching at Orion Alternative School which caters to at-risk students.
 Daniel Dan Aiken Lang (June 13 1919 – December 1 1997) was a Canadian senator.Born in Toronto Ontario the son of Daniel Webster Lang who co-founded the law firm of Lang Michener Lang attended Upper Canada College University of Trinity College and Osgoode Hall Law School. During World War II he served as a Lieutenant in the Royal Canadian Naval Volunteer Reserve. After the war he joined his father's law firm and was called to the Bar of Ontario in 1947.
 Footloose is the original soundtrack of the Paramount motion picture Footloose. The original nine-track album was released in 1984 (see 1984 in music) and reached number one on the US Billboard 200 chart on April 21 1984 where it stayed until June 30 1984. When it was re-released in 1998 four bonus tracks were added to the album. In 2002 Sony International released the Australian Souvenir Edition (aka Australian Cast Special Edition).
 Mehbooba is a Bollywood Romance film written produced and directed by Afzal Khan. The story of the movie is based on a love-triangle lead protagonists being Ajay Devgn Sanjay Dutt and Manisha Koirala. Music of the film was composed by Ismail Darbar. The film was released in India on July 11 2008. The film was shot in 2000 but got delayed and released in 2008 8 years after it was shot.
 Love Will Kill All is the second EP released by Calico System. Geoff Cardin left before this EP was recorded leaving the band as a four piece.
 Time to Pee! is a children's picture book by Mo Willems. Released in 2003 by Hyperion Books it is a book about toilet training. It also contains a progress chart and a page of motivational stickers. The book's instructions are presented by a group of mice toting signs and banners. Willems joked in an interview My basic theory is that kids will never listen to adults but they will listen to an infestation of mice.
 Espahabdan (Persian: اسپهبدان‎ also Romanized as Espahabdān; also known as Esbābzel and Espābzel) is a village in Khorgam Rural District Khorgam District Rudbar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 47 in 15 families.
 Ben Walter Hooper born Bennie Walter Wade (October 13 1870 – April 18 1957) was an American politician who served as Governor of Tennessee from 1911 to 1915. He was one of just three Republicans to hold the office from the end of Reconstruction to the latter half of the 20th century having been elected due to divisions in the state Democratic Party.
 Hinah (Arabic: حينة) is a Syrian village in the Qatana District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Hinah had a population of 1524 in the 2004 census.
 Sliver is a 1993 film based on the Ira Levin novel of the same name about the mysterious occurrences in a privately owned New York highrise apartment building. Phillip Noyce directed the film from a screenplay by Joe Eszterhas. Because of a major battle with the MPAA (which originally gave the film an NC-17 rating) the filmmakers were forced to make extensive reshoots before release. These reshoots actually necessitated changing the killer's identity.
 The Valea Dragă River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Margarella whiteana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae the top snails.
 Fire ant is the common name for several species of ants in the genus Solenopsis. They are however only a minority in the genus which includes over 285 species of Solenopsis worldwide. Solenopsis are stinging ants and most of their common names reflect this for example ginger ants and tropical fire ants. Many species also are called red ants because of their light brown colour though species of ants in many other genera are similarly named for similar reasons.
 Loch Brand or Loch of Boghall was a loch situated in a depression between the Grange Estate Crummock Hill of Beith Castle site and Boghall in the Parish of Beith North Ayrshire Scotland. The loch was fed by the Grange Burn and surface runoff such as from the old rig and furrows indicated by Roy's Maps of the mid 17th century. The loch was drained by the Boghall Burn that runs passed the 'Court Hill' and into Powgree Burn at Gateside.
 Yolkonak is a village in the District of Kastamonu Kastamonu Province Turkey.
 La Danza de la fortuna is a 1944 Argentine film.
 Glen Park is a village in Jefferson County New York United States. The population was 502 at the 2010 census.The Village of Glen Park is on the border of the towns of Brownville and Pamelia and is immediately northwest of Watertown.
 Destiny or The Attraction of Affinities (1996) is a novel by John David Morley. Beginning in 1934 and ending in 1990 the book comprises a psychological history of modern Germany over several generations.
 Union Grange Hall is an historic wooden Grange hall located in the village of Slatersville in the town of North Smithfield Rhode Island. A contributing property in the Slatersville Historic District it was built in 1897 as St. Luke's Episcopal Mission and in 1920 it became Union Grange Hall. It is not currently being used.
 From... Another Time & Place is an album by folk singer and guitarist Dave Van Ronk released in 1995.The Allmusic Guide review states it is not a re-issue but the Dave Van Ronk discography states it is a re-issue of Dave Van Ronk in Rome. The track list is the same.Van Ronk received a Grammy nomination for From... Another Time & Place at the Grammy Awards of 1996 in the Traditional Folk Album category.
 Over the Hills & Far Away: The Music of Sharpe was released in 1996 as a companion to the Sharpe television series.
 John G. Breslin was a Democratic politician from the U.S. State of Ohio. He was elected to the Ohio House of Representatives and was Speaker at age 24. He later was Ohio State Treasurer and in the railroad business.
 Paulianites nidicola is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae the only species in the genus Paulianites.
 Amblydoras gonzalezi is a species of thorny catfish found in Colombia and Venezuela. It occurs in the Orinoco River basin and in the Casiquiare canal. This species grows to a length of 9.8 centimetres (3.9 in) SL.
 Coming Up For Air is a studio album by Dutch progressive rock band Kayak. It was released in 2008. The song Undecided was a single in The Netherlands featuring the non-albumtrack Beat The Clock.
 The ZCBJ Lodge No. 46 also known as Bohemian Hall is an historic building located in Prague Oklahoma that was built in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 8 1984. The building historically served as a meeting hall for the Czech community hosting a Zapadni Ceska Bratrska Jednota lodge that was the oldest Czech fraternal order in Oklahoma.
 The Nubians of Plutonia is an album recorded by Sun Ra and his Myth Science Arkestra c.1958 - 1959 and released c.1966 on his own Saturn label. Originally released in a blank sleeve under the title Lady With The Stockings the album had gained its current title and sleeve by Richard Pedreguera by 1969. In common with most releases by Sun Ra at the time the record was printed in extremely limited numbers and primarily available at concerts and mail-order.
 The Provence Alps and Prealps (Alpes et Préalpes de Provence in French) are a mountain range in the south-western part of the Alps located in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur (France). Provence Alps and Prealps encompass the south-western area of the French Prealps.
 Crystal Lake is near the village of Barton in Orleans County Vermont. It is a glacial lake 3 by 1 mile (4.8 by 1.6 km) and 100 feet (30 m) deep in places. Route 5 runs along the lake's western shore. Crystal Lake is in the northeast section of the state of Vermont.
 Sphecosoma melanota is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1898. It is found in Bolivia.
 Rush Peak is a mountain in the Karakoram mountain range of Central Asia. It is located in the Gilgit District of the Northern Areas of Pakistan. While not a high peak by local standards it is noteworthy as a remote trekking destination. It can be reached via Nagar Valley and Hoper Village. The peak can be accessed via Hoper Glacier (Bualtar Glacier) and Barpu Glacier.
 Black Sails at Midnight is the second studio album by the Scottish power metal band Alestorm. As with their first album all the drums tracks were recorded by session drummer Migo Wagner but touring drummer Ian Wilson added additional percussion. The album features string and brass arrangements and folk instruments as opposed to the more heavy metal instrumentation of Captain Morgan's Revenge.
 For a Moment Freedom (German: Ein Augenblick Freiheit; French: Pour un instant la liberté) is a 2008 film written and directed by Austrian-Iranian filmmaker Arash T. Riahi.
 V. Subramanya Pillai was an Indian lawyer and administrator who served as the Diwan of the Cochin kingdom from 1893 to 1897.
 Trova di Danú is the third full-length album by the Brazilian folk metal band Tuatha de Danann.
 Hanım is a 1989 Turkish drama film directed by Halit Refiğ.
 A Sinless Season is a novel by South African author Damon Galgut. It was published in 1982 when the author was only seventeen. It details the interactions between Scott Raoul and Joseph three young inmates at the Bleda reformatory.
 Mount Tarn is a small mountain located at 53°47′07″S 71°01′25″WCoordinates: 53°47′07″S 71°01′25″W on the southernmost part of the Strait of Magellan in Brunswick Peninsula about 70 km south of Punta Arenas Chile.
 Kąkolewnica [kɔnkɔlɛvˈnit͡sa] is a village in Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kąkolewnica.
 G.a.S – Gangsta and Street is a mixtape by rappers Young Buck & Tha City Paper. The mixtape features exclusive tracks and freestyles from Tha City Paper & Young Buck.
 Echo Camp also known as Echo Point Camp is an Adirondack Great Camp on the tip of Long Point adjacent to Camp Pine Knot on Raquette Lake. It was used as a private girls' camp from the mid-1940s to the mid-1980s. It was sold in 1986 and is now a privately-owned summer residence.Built for Connecticut governor Phineas C. Lounsbury in 1883 its design bears the influence of William West Durant.
 Merlangius merlangus commonly known as whiting is an important food fish in the eastern North Atlantic Ocean and the northern Mediterranean western Baltic and Black Seas. In English-speaking countries outside the whiting's natural range the name has been applied to various other species of fish.
 Varambally or Varamballi is a surname of a small group of Brahmin family. Varambally is believed to have migrated from Kerala. But recent studies say otherwise. The truth is yet to come to light. The name Varambally their practices their temple which is called Garadi (situated in Uppinakote Udupi district) resemble Kerala's traditions and practices. It is believed that Varambally were priests to a goddess temple.
 Little Susitna River heads at Mint Glacier on Montana Peak in Talkeetna Mountains at 61°51′30″N 149°03′30″W flows SW to Cook Inlet 13 miles (21 km) W of Anchorage Alaska Cook Inlet Low.
 The River Irvine (Scottish Gaelic: Irbhinn) is a river that flows through southwest Scotland. Its watershed is on the Lanarkshire border of Ayrshire at an altitude of 810 feet (250 m) above sea-level near Loudoun Hill Drumclog and 7 miles (11 km) SW by W of Strathaven. It flows 29½ miles westward dividing the old district of Cunninghame from that of Kyle until it reaches the sea via Irvine Harbour in the form of the Firth of Clyde and flows into Irvine Bay by the town of Irvine.
 The Blauen or Hochblauen is a 1165 metre high mountain in the southern Black Forest. The peak lies within the municipalities of Schliengen and Malsburg-Marzell in Landkreis Lörrach and the community of Badenweiler in LandkreisBreisgau-Hochschwarzwald. It is an ideal viewpoint with views of the Black Forest Vosges Jura Mountains and the Alps.Variation A of the Westweg a long distance trail maintained by the Schwarzwaldverein leads over the Blauen.
 bob hund is the debut release by bob hund. Produced and mixed by Eggstone and bob hund. Sound improvements by Peter In De Betou Cutting Room. Graphic design and concept by Martin Kann. Photo by Henrik Håkansson.
 Geumjeonsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 668 metres.
 The Bananal Antbird (Cercomacra ferdinandi) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.It is endemic to the wetlands of the central Araguaia river in Brazil and has one of the smallest ranges of any Amazon bird.Its natural habitat is the igapó flooded forest where it hunts for insects and invertebrates in the understory. It is most abundant in the Cantão wetlands which form the largest flooded forest of the southeastern Amazon.
 Days of Being Wild (Aa Fei zingzyun) is a 1990 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Kar-wai. The film stars some of the best-known actors and actresses in Hong Kong including Leslie Cheung Andy Lau Maggie Cheung Carina Lau Jacky Cheung and Tony Leung Chiu-Wai.
 Cell Stem Cell is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Cell Press an imprint of Elsevier. The journal was established in 2007 and focuses on stem cell research. Both research articles and reviews are published at about a 7 to 1 ratio.
 Michael Noonan (born 21 May 1943) is an Irish Fine Gael politician and has been the Minister for Finance since March 2011. He has been a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Limerick East and later Limerick City constituencies since 1981.Noonan has been a minister in every Fine Gael-led government since 1982 serving in the cabinets of Garret FitzGerald John Bruton and Enda Kenny.
 Macroglossum nigellum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Indonesia (including Java and Sulawesi).
 Wetalth Ridge is an isolated ridge in northern British Columbia Canada located 74 km (46 mi) southwest of Tatogga and south of Telegraph Creek. It lies on the southwest side of Little Arctic Lake at the southwest corner of Mount Edziza Provincial Park.
 ToonSeum: Pittsburgh Museum of Cartoon Art is a museum devoted exclusively to the cartoon arts located in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. ToonSeum is one of three museums dedicated to cartoon art in the United States. ToonSeum moved to its own gallery space on Liberty Avenue in Pittsburgh's downtown Cultural District on November 8 2009 aided by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust.In 2009 the ToonSeum established its NEMO Award given to notable individuals for excellence in the cartoon arts.
 Lubov' Ogromnaya Strana (Love is a Huge Country) is a studio album by Russian rock band Vesyolye Rebyata.
 Mr. Mike: The Life and Work of Michael O'Donoghue is an American book that was published in 1998 by Avon Books in New York. It is a biography of the humor writer Michael O'Donoghue who was a major writer for National Lampoon magazine and the first head writer for Saturday Night Live.The Barnes and Noble overview commented This is the unvarnished story of a towering figure in American popular culture the prime artistic force behind an entire generation of humorists and satirists.
 The scree skink Oligosoma waimatense is a species of skink native to several sites throughout the South Island of New Zealand. A member of the family Scincidae it was described by Geoff Patterson in 1997. It favours rocky habitats particularly greywacke screes.
 Lui (French for Him) is a French adult entertainment magazine created in November 1963 by Daniel Filipacchi a fashion photographer turned publisher Jacques Lanzmann a jack of all trades turned novelist and Frank Ténot a press agent pataphysician and jazz critic.The objective was to bring some charm à la française to the market of men's magazines following the success of Playboy in the USA launched just a decade before.France indeed in the first half of 20th century had an outstanding reputation for erotic publications feeding also foreign market and inspiring also ersatz French-flavoured magazines abroad when for example US publishers used French-sounding titles like Chère and Dreamé or placed tricolour flags on the covers attempting to attract the casual buyer. 
 Impages nana is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Paula Zelenko is a Michigan politician serving as Burton Michigan's mayor and a former member of the Michigan House of Representatives.In 1991 Zelenko was elected to the Burton City Council serving until 2001. Then she was elected to the Michigan House of Representatives serving the 50th district until 2006. Zelenko returned to the Burton City Council in 2008 and serving until December 2010. She ran for 26th District State Senator in 2010 but was unsuccessful.
 Funeral in Berlin is a 1966 British spy film based on the novel Funeral in Berlin by Len Deighton. It is the second of three 1960s films starring Michael Caine that followed the characters from the initial film The Ipcress File (1965). The third film made in 1967 was Billion Dollar Brain.Caine would reprise the role of Harry Palmer three decades later for Bullet to Beijing and Midnight in Saint Petersburg.
 Trouble for Two is a 1936 film starring Robert Montgomery and Rosalind Russell. It is based on The Suicide Club a short story collection by Robert Louis Stevenson. A European prince unhappy over an impending arranged marriage finds intrigue at an unusual London club.
 Komedianti is a 1954 Czech film directed by Vladimír Vlcek. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 Winnie The Witch is a series of eleven picture books written by Valerie Thomas and illustrated by Korky Paul. According to Oxford University Press more than two million books have been sold of this series.Following on from the success of the picture books a series of 'young fiction' Winnie The Witch books were written by Laura Owen also illustrated by Korky Paul.
 Terra senza tempo is a 1950 Italian film directed by Silvestro Prestifilippo.
 The San Cristóbal River is a river of Bolivia.
 Borowa Góra [bɔˈrɔva ˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock within Legionowo County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Serock 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Legionowo and 30 km (19 mi) north of Warsaw.The village has a population of 530.
 Titanium La Portada is an office building in Santiago Chile. Located in the capital's high-end financial district of El Golf it is the second tallest skyscraper in the country. Construction began in January 2007 and was completed in January 2010. It will remain the tallest tower in the country until overtaken by Torre Gran Costanera which surpassed it in height in November 2010 but is not yet complete. It was officially inaugurated on May 3 2010.
 Lost Horizons is the first studio album released by the electro-symphonic power metal band Luca Turilli's Dreamquest. The album features an unknown female vocalist and Italian musician Luca Turilli guitarist for Rhapsody of Fire and a number of solo albums plays keyboards.The album was released on June 9 2006 in Germany Switzerland and Austria. It was released throughout the rest of Europe on June 12 and in the United States on June 27.
 Bess Truman (née Elizabeth Virginia Wallace; February 13 1885 – October 18 1982) was the wife of Harry S. Truman and First Lady of the United States from 1945 to 1953.She had known her future husband since they attended the same school in Independence Missouri. As First Lady she did not enjoy big social events and was relieved to quit Washington. Dying at 97 she remains the longest-lived First Lady.
 The Musical Fund Hall in Philadelphia Pennsylvania is a landmark building both of architectural and historic significance noted especially for the illustrious persons who have spoken or performed there. It is perhaps best remembered as the setting for the first Republican National Convention June 17-19 1856. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Buntzen Lake is a 4.8 kilometres (3 mi) long lake in Anmore British Columbia Canada in the Greater Vancouver area. It is named after the first general manager of the B.C. Electric Co. Johannes Buntzen. There is a smaller lake just to the north named McCombe Lake.
 Flathead EP is an EP released only in the US by Scottish band The Fratellis. It was released physically in American music shops on January 23 2007 and was previously available on the iTunes Music Store in America from December 19 2006.
 Lig Jou Stem Op (Afrikaans for Lift Up Your Voice) is the second studio christian album release by the pop/opera vocal quartet group Romanz. The album was released on November 8 2013.
 Heroes in Hell (Italian: Eroi all'inferno) is a 1973 Italian war film directed by Joe D'Amato and starring Klaus Kinski.
 The Salt Marsh Common Yellowthroat (Geothlypis trichas sinuosa) is a subspecies of the Common Yellowthroat a New World warbler.The Salt Marsh Common Yellowthroat has experienced a dramatic 80% decline from the early 20th century through 1976. It is a species of concern for protection in efforts to restore Chelsea Wetlands in Hercules California.
 Nowa Wólka [ˈnɔva ˈvulka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Spiczyn within Łęczna County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Aliabad-e Luleh (Persian: علي ابادلوله‎ also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Lūleh Ali Abad Looleh and ‘Alīābād Lūleh; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Baqeran Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 389 in 102 families.
 Sixto Hernández Serrano (born April 6 in San Lorenzo Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican politician attorney accountant judge and former senator. He was a member of the Senate of Puerto Rico since his first election in 2000. He resigned in 2006 after being appointed to be an appeals judge. He represented the Popular Democratic Party (PPD).
 Bisotun-e Bon Rud (Persian: بيستون بنرود‎ also Romanized as Bīsotūn-e Bon Rūd; also known as Bīsotūn) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District Arzhan District Shiraz County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 29 in 8 families.
 There are three lakes of the name Svínavatn in Iceland.1) A lake to the south of Blönduós. Its surface measures 12 km².2) A very small lake in the valley Heydalur near Hvammsfjörður on the peninsula of Snæfellsnes.3) Another smaller lake to the west of Blöndulón at the north end of Kjölur highland road.
 James Alexander Dudley Richards (March 22 1845 - December 4 1911) was a U.S.
 The Minnesota Correction Facility – Stillwater (MCF-STW) is a close custody (level 4) state prison for men in Minnesota United States.Built 1910–1914 and located in Bayport Washington County it houses 1600 inmates in seven different living areas. Additionally approximately 100 inmates are housed in a nearby minimum security area. It replaced the original territorial prison located just to the north in the city of Stillwater Minnesota.
 Be Your Age is a 1926 American film starring Charley Chase and features Oliver Hardy in the cast.
 Limnorimarga is a genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae.
 Fire: The Jimi Hendrix Collection is a posthumous compilation album by American blues-rock musician Jimi Hendrix. Released on June 7 2010 the album features 20 songs from throughout the career of The Jimi Hendrix Experience and Hendrix as a solo musician including Valleys of Neptune only officially released on the album of the same name in March 2010.
 Palniella virididorsata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 A' Cleachdadh na Gàidhlig: slatan-tomhais ann an dìon cànain sa choimhearsnachd is a collection of essays edited by Richard A.V. Cox and Timothy Currie Armstrong addressing the current state of the Gaelic language and assessing efforts to effect language revitalization in Gaelic-speaking communities in Scotland. This book is ground-breaking on several counts.
 Paradise and Back (Danish: Paradis retur) is a 1964 Danish family film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Poul Reichhardt.
 Raw as F**k is an album by the British electronic music group Freestylers. Released in July 2004 it was the group's third album. It is also the first full-length album release from the Againgst the Grain label. The remix album was released almost a year later.The album included mostly fast-paced dance music with tracks including the singles Get a Life Push Up and Boom Blast. Push Up was particularly successful in Australia as a single where it reached No.
 Zétrud-Lumay Castle is a castle in Jodoigne Walloon Brabant Belgium located in Zétrud-Lumay.
 From the Underground and Below is the ninth studio album by the thrash metal band Overkill released in 1997 by CMC International. Two cover songs were recorded during these sessions; No Feelings by Sex Pistols and Space Truckin' by Deep Purple.
 Trzebania [tʂɛˈbaɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna within Leszno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Osieczna 7 km (4 mi) north-east of Leszno and 61 km (38 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 Promised Land is a 1987 drama film written and directed by Michael Hoffman and it stars Kiefer Sutherland and Meg Ryan. It is set in Utah and is apparently based on a true story. It was the first film to be commissioned by the Sundance Film Festival and uses the drama over economic class and manhood in order to offer a critique of the Reagan Administration.
 Boughton Place formerly Bocton Place or Bocton Hall is a country house in Boughton Malherbe Kent England. It is the historic home of the Wotton family and birthplace of Sir Henry Wotton (1568–1639) ambassador to Venice under James I.
 Gleanings is a 1977 album by jazz musician John Coltrane.
 This article refers collectively to all true honey bees; for the common domesticated honey bee see Western honey bee.Honey bees (or honeybees) are a subset of bees in the genus Apis primarily distinguished by the production and storage of honey and the construction of perennial colonial nests from wax. Honey bees are the only extant members of the tribe Apini all in the genus Apis.
 Power and Pain is the debut album from New Jersey thrash metal band Whiplash. It was released in 1985 on Roadrunner Records and was followed up by 1987's Ticket to Mayhem.In 1998 Displeased Records rereleased Power and Pain which included their second album Ticket to Mayhem.The album features members of New York bands Carnivore and Agnostic Front on backing vocals.
 William Doyle Ruckelshaus (born July 24 1932) is an American attorney and former U.S. government official. He served as the first head of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in 1970 was subsequently acting Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and then Deputy Attorney General of the United States. During 1983 through 1985 he returned as EPA Administrator.
 Montana Territory is a 1952 Western film starring Wanda Hendrix Clayton Moore Hugh Sanders and Lon McCallister. It is a classic western movie with bandits a corrupt sheriff and a hero who falls for a beautiful woman.
 Salangen Church (Norwegian: Salangen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Salangen in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Sjøvegan. The church is part of the Salangen parish in the Indre Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white concrete and red wood church was built in 1981. The architect Harald Hille designed the church which seats about 420 people.
 Living on the Edge is the first studio album by French DJ Stéphane Pompougnac.In Thailand Pompougnac held a launch party for the album and Hôtel Costes Vol. 6 on March 2 2004 at the Si Lom Road Sofitel in Bangkok. In Canada the album was released on August 3 2004 by Isla Del Sol.
 Great Hill is a hill in Lancashire on Anglezarke Moor between the towns of Chorley and Darwen. It is part of the West Pennine Moors and lies approximately 3 miles north of Winter Hill which is the highest point in the area at 456 m (1498 ft).The summit at 381 m (1252 ft) is only slightly higher than the surrounding moorland but provides excellent views in all directions particularly to the north and west.
 Paul Raymond Martineau PC QC KCSG (April 10 1921 – March 19 2010) was a Canadian politician lawyer crown attorney and judge.The son of Alphonse Martineau and Lucienne Lemieux Martineau grew up in the Quebec portion of the Ottawa Valley. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1941 from the University of Ottawa. He served for four years in the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II and was subsequently president of the Quebec branch of the Royal Canadian Legion.
 Acta Zoológica Mexicana is a Mexican peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of terrestrial zoology. It was established in July 1955 by the Escuela Nacional de Ciencias Biológicas del Instituto Politécnico Nacional (National School of Biological Sciences National Polytechnic Institute) and taken over in 1966 by the Museo de Historia Natural de la Ciudad de México (Natural History Museum in Mexico City) which published it from 1966 to 1971 the last issue being volume 10 number 4.
 The Maze Runner is the first book in a young-adult dystopian science fiction trilogy of the same name by James Dashner. The novel was published October 2009 by Delacorte Press an imprint of Random House and is being made into a 2014 major motion picture by 20th Century Fox. The novel spawned two sequels: The Scorch Trials and The Death Cure.James Dashner announced in November 2011 that he was writing a prequel to The Maze Runner titled The Kill Order which was released August 14 2012.
 Ben Lien is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) he represents District 4A in northwestern Minnesota.
 Wills Mountain is a quartzite-capped ridge in the Ridge and Valley physiographic province of the Appalachian Mountains in Pennsylvania and Maryland USA extending from near Bedford Pennsylvania to near Cumberland Maryland. It is the northernmost of several mountain ridges included within the Wills Mountain Anticline.
 The Frog Princes is a 2011 documentary film directed by Omar Majeed and Ryan Mullins. This film follows the story of a Montreal based theater troupe training for a play adaptation of the fairytale The Princess and the Frog. All twenty actors in the troupe have intellectual and developmental disabilities. The film is shot as a play within a play. The film centers on the lead actor in the play Ray-Man (named by his parents after artist Man Ray) a young adult with Down syndrome.
 Marion Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Marion Lake is situated near the head of Granite Canyon and is adjacent to the Teton Crest Trail. The round trip hike on the Rendezvous Mountain Trail to the lake from the top of Rendezvous Mountain by way of the ski tram from Jackson Hole Mountain Resort is considered a strenuous 11.8 miles (19.0 km).
 Dominowo [dɔmiˈnɔvɔ] is a village in Środa Wielkopolska County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dominowo. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Środa Wielkopolska and 33 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Darkness Descends is a Crime Thriller debut novel by Scott Frank.
 DJ Premier Presents - Get Used To Us is a compilation album by American hip hop DJ/record producer DJ Premier. The album was released on his Year Round Records on December 7 2010. It features collaborations from frequent DJ Premier's collaborators and a few new comers. The album was well received by critics.
 Puffball is a 2007 supernatural drama film directed by Nicolas Roeg. It is based on the novel by Fay Weldon adapted by her son Dan Weldon. The film was partially funded through the UK Film Council's New Cinema Fund.The film had its premiere at the 2007 Montreal Film Festival. The film was later released in Canada on October 28 2007 and saw a limited release in the United States on 29 February 2008.
 George Ebbert Seney (May 29 1832 – June 11 1905) was a nineteenth-century politician lawyer and judge from Ohio.
 Alaca is a village in the District of Aydıntepe Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 47 people.
 Rhythm Killers is the second studio album by Jamaican musical duo Sly and Robbie released in May 1987 on Island Records. After their prolific output in reggae the duo experimented with electronic sounds and contemporary recording technology while branching out into international cross-genre endeavors during the 1980s. For the album they enlisted record producer and mentor Bill Laswell and recorded with an ensemble of musicians at Quad Recording in New York City.
 The Briar King is first novel of four in the series The Kingdoms of Thorn and Bone by writer Greg Keyes.
 This is a list of Pokémon theme songs that includes the media and release information which is mainly about the American and Japanese opening and ending themes of the Pokémon animated series.
 Akeda is the forthcoming fifth studio album by American Jewish reggae singer Matisyahu. The album is scheduled to be released on June 3 2014 via Elm City Music. Akeda is the Hebrew word for binding and is typically used to refer to the biblical story of the Binding of Isaac.
 The Paria River /pəˈriːə/ is a tributary of the Colorado River approximately 95 miles (153 km) long in southern Utah and northern Arizona in the United States. It drains a rugged and arid region northwest of the Colorado flowing through roadless slot canyons along part of its course.
 Masquerade in Mexico is a 1945 comedy film directed by Mitchell Leisen. It stars Dorothy Lamour and Arturo de Córdova.
 Kleine Gebke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Hasegg Castle (German: Burg Hasegg) is a castle and mint located in Hall in Tirol Tyrol Austria.Construction was completed soon after 1300 when Hall was rapidly becoming the center of Tyrolean commerce and salt mining. The building was originally erected to protect the salt mines the shipping industry the bridge across the river Inn and the old Roman Road. The castle's mint was established by Sigismund Archduke of Austria in 1477.
 Melanochromis baliodigma is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the area around Membe Point in areas where sandy bottoms meet up with rocky areas. This species can grow to a length of 6.7 centimetres (2.6 in) SL.
 Jane Lesley Aagaard (born 1956) is a former Australian politician. She was an Australian Labor Party member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 2001 to 2012 representing the Darwin-based electorate of Nightcliff. She was the Speaker of the Assembly from June 2005 until October 2012. Prior to holding the speakership she had served as Health Minister from 2001 to 2003.
 Achaea occidens is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Africa including Ghana.
 Sir John William Frederic Nott KCB (born 1 February 1932 in Bideford Devon) is a former British Conservative Party politician prominent in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He featured heavily in the public eye as Secretary of State for Defence during the Argentine invasion of the Falkland Islands and the subsequent Falklands War.
 Return of the Dark Side is the sixth book in Jude Watson's series The Last of the Jedi.
 Nagolla (7°27'N 80°37'E) is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Kurutta Taiyou (狂った太陽 Lunatic Sun) is the sixth studio album by the Japanese rock band Buck-Tick. It was released on cassette and CD on February 21 1991 through Victor Entertainment. The album was digitally remastered and re-released on September 19 2002 with two bonus tracks. It was remastered and re-released again on September 5 2007. M・A・D and Jupiter were later re-recorded for the group's compilation album Koroshi no Shirabe: This Is Not Greatest Hits (1992).
 The Musée de la Faïence de Marseille is a museum in southern Marseille France dedicated to faience a type of pottery.It opened to the public in June 1995 in the Château Pastré at 157 avenue de Montredon 13008 Marseille.
 Day of Reckoning is the second album by Pentagram. It was released in 1987 by Napalm Records. It was re-released by Peaceville Records in 1993 and in 1996 as part of a two-disc split CD with Relentless and then again in 2005 as a digipak CD. Joe Hasselvander originally played drums on only one track Burning Savior with Stuart Rose recording the drums on all the rest. Hasselvander re-recorded drums on all tracks (except Burning Savior) for the 1993 Peaceville reissue.
 The City of Lost Children (French: La Cité des enfants perdus) is a 1995 French-German-Spanish science fantasy drama film directed by Marc Caro and Jean-Pierre Jeunet and starring Ron Perlman who does not speak French and repeated his lines phonetically as given to him by Caro. The film is stylistically related to the previous and subsequent Jeunet films Delicatessen and Amélie. The music score was composed by Angelo Badalamenti. It was entered into the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 Washington Iron Furnace is a historic iron furnace located at Rocky Mount Franklin County Virginia. The furnace was built about 1770. It is measures 30 feet on its south face and is constructed of granite. From about 1770 to 1779 it was operated by John Donelson (father of Rachel Donelson who married Andrew Jackson). The house known as The Farm was used as the ironmaster's house for the Washington Iron Furnace.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Folio Weekly is an alternative weekly newspaper published in Jacksonville Florida. Founded in 1987 it is the largest and most influential alternative paper in Northeast Florida. It is a member of the Association of Alternative Newsmedia and has won three AAN Awards. The paper has a circulation of 41928 as of June 2012.
 Ephialtias bryce is a moth of the Notodontidae family. It is endemic to the basin of the Rio Tapajos in Brazil.
 The variable triplefin or striped triplefin Forsterygion varium is a triplefin of the genus Forsterygion found in Australia including Tasmania and all around New Zealand in rock pools and depths down to 30 metres in reef areas of broken rock with kelp.
 Spider is a novel by the British novelist Patrick McGrath originally published in the United States in 1990.
 The Flood Plain Toadlet (Uperoleia inundata) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.It is endemic to Australia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Retreat is an 2011 British horror-thriller film and the directorial debut of former film editor Carl Tibbets. The film stars Cillian Murphy Jamie Bell and Thandie Newton as three people isolated from the rest of the world on a remote island who are told they are survivors of a fatal airborne disease that is sweeping over the entire world. However their induced isolation may be the result of a lie and it may be that they are being held at the whim of a madman.
 The Alexander State Forest Headquarters Building serves as the headquarters of the Alexander State Forest in Woodworth Louisiana. The building a log cabin was constructed in 1935 by the Civilian Conservation Corps who had established a camp in the forest in 1923. Alexander State Forest which was established in 1923 and continued to grow until 1938 was the first state forest in Louisiana and marked the first effort by a Southern state to preserve its yellow pine forests.
 Christopher Campbell Ward (born June 21 1949) is a former politician in Ontario Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal from 1985 to 1990 and was a cabinet minister in the government of David Peterson.
 Whinlatter is a small fell in the north west of the English Lake District just north of the Whinlatter Pass. It is easily climbed from the top of the Whinlatter Pass through the Forestry Commission plantations. The Whinlatter Visitor's Centre a popular tourist attraction is on the south side of the fell. The hill is part of a horseshoe around the valley of Aiken Beck. The fells name originates from a combination of the Old Norse and Gaelic languages.
 The Alticola Looper Moth or Alpine Beauty (Syngrapha alticola) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found across the Arctic above the treeline from Newfoundland to Alaska south in the mountains to central California and Colorado.The wingspan is 26–27 mm. Adults are on wing from July to August depending on the location. There are two generations per year.
 Scotsdale is a village in Jefferson County Missouri United States. The population was 222 at the 2010 census.
 Asperdaphne is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.
 The Alouette River is a tributary of the Pitt River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.The Alouette River was known as the Lillooet River until 1914 at which time its name was changed to avoid confusion with the much larger Lillooet River. The name Alouette French for lark was obstentially chosen because it sounds similar to Lillooet.
 Fernand Grenier (June 28 1927 – January 19 1988) was a Canadian politician from Quebec.
 Rizospastis (Greek: Ριζοσπάστης The Radical) is the official newspaper of the Communist Party of Greece. It is published daily. It was first published in 1916. Some of the more prominent editors in it are Nikos Boyiopoulos and Liana Kanelli.
 John Silvanus Wilson Jr. Is the 11th president of Morehouse College. Before returning to lead his alma mater in 2013 Wilson served in posts in the United States Department of Education at George Washington University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
 Live Dates is the first live album by the British rock band Wishbone Ash.Following the release of the album founding member Ted Turner left the band resulting in a shift of the band's musical approach.
 Mark A. Parkinson (born October 30 1972) is a Republican member of the Missouri House of Representatives representing the 105th district (St. Charles County).
 The Rance is a river of northwestern France. It flows into the English Channel between Dinard and Saint-Malo.Before reaching the Channel its waters are barred by a 750 metre long dam forming the Rance tidal power plant.The river is linked to the Vilaine by means of the Canal d'Ille-et-Rance.Départements and towns along the river: Côtes-d'Armor : Collinée Caulnes Dinan Ille-et-Vilaine : Dinard Saint-Malo↑
 Los Celos de Cándida is a 1940 Argentine comedy film.
 Mandra (village) is a village in the municipality of Haskovo in Haskovo Province in southern Bulgaria.
 Mordellistena schwarzi is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family. It was described by Ray in 1939.
 The Wave is a 1981 young adult novel by Todd Strasser under the pen name Morton Rhue (though modern copies are often under Todd Strasser's real name). It is a novelization of a teleplay by Johnny Dawkins for the movie The Wave a fictionalized account of the Third Wave teaching experiment by Ron Jones that took place in a Ellwood P. Cubberley High School history class in Palo Alto California. The novel by Strasser won the 1981 Massachusetts Book Award for Children's/Young Adult literature.
 CRN was first launched as Computer Retail Week on June 7 1982 as a magazine targeted to computer resellers - the same year that UK channel publication MicroScope Magazine was launched. It soon after renamed itself Computer Reseller News when it became apparent that the majority of sales for the personal computer would be to businesses through a business to business sales channel rather than to consumers through a retail sales channel.
 And Then Came Chet Atkins is a live album by guitarist Chet Atkins released in 1979.
 Chah Dul (Persian: چاه دول‎ also Romanized as Chāh Dūl and Chah Dool) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District Shabankareh District Dashtestan County Bushehr Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 404 in 76 families.
 The Videosingles is a home video music compilation by the British group Tears For Fears. Released in 1983 it features the three UK Top 5 hit singles from the band's no.1 debut album The Hurting.
 Centaur Aisle is the fourth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.King Trent has left Xanth on a mission of trade to Mundania and has left Dor as temporary king. When Trent fails to return after some time Dor must find a way to rescue Trent. He is informed that the means to rescue Trent lies to the south on Centaur Isle the home of a tribe of centaurs.
 Tikuligadh is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8880 people living in 1430 individual households.
 Hearts of Humanity is a 1936 British drama film directed by John Baxter and starring Bransby Williams Wilfred Walter and Cathleen Nesbitt. The film was made at Shepperton Studios. The film's art direction was by John Bryan.
 Burning Down the House: Fighting Fires and Losing Myself is a non-fiction memoir written by Canadian writer Russell Wangersky first published in April 2009 by Thomas Allen Publishers. In the book the author chronicles his experiences as a volunteer firefighter in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland.
 Scum of the Earth is a memoir by Arthur Koestler in which he describes his life in France during 1939-1940 the chaos that prevailed in France just prior to the outbreak of the Second World War and France’s collapse his tribulations internment in a concentration camp and eventual escape to England via North Africa and Portugal.
 Doris Mary Gertrude Fisher Baroness Fisher of Rednal (née Satchwell) JP (13 September 1919 – 18 December 2005) was a British politician.
 Tall Tale also known as Tall Tale: The Unbelievable Adventures of Pecos Bill is a 1995 American western adventure fantasy film directed by Jeremiah S. Chechik. It stars Patrick Swayze Nick Stahl Oliver Platt Roger Aaron Brown Stephen Lang Scott Glenn Catherine O'Hara and Jared Harris.The film was written by Steven Bloom and Robert Rodat and was produced by Caravan Pictures and Walt Disney Pictures.
 Old School is a 2003 American comedy film released by DreamWorks Pictures and The Montecito Picture Company and directed by Todd Phillips. The story was written by Court Crandall and the film was written by Phillips and Scot Armstrong. The film stars Luke Wilson Vince Vaughn and Will Ferrell as three depressed thirty-somethings who seek to re-live their college days by starting a fraternity and the tribulations they encounter in doing so.
 Ahiru no Sora (あひるの空) is a basketball manga written by Hinata Takeshi. It started serialization in Weekly Shōnen Magazine in 2004. The first volume was released on May 17 2004 and as of July 17 2013 thirty-eight volumes have been released in Japan by Kodansha.
 Szymonki [ʂɨˈmɔnki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jutrosin within Rawicz County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Jutrosin 22 km (14 mi) east of Rawicz and 87 km (54 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
 The Fireman is the second film Charlie Chaplin created for Mutual Film Corporation in 1916. Released on June 12 it starred Chaplin as the fireman and Edna Purviance as the daughter to Lloyd Bacon.
 Boczki [ˈbɔt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki within Gołdap County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Dubeninki 18 km (11 mi) east of Gołdap and 148 km (92 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Winship Capers Connor (Jun 1848 - August 4 1921) businessman was mayor of Dallas from 1887 to 1894 serving four terms. He built the first light water and streetcars systems in Dallas.
 Ctenolita argyrobapta is a moth species in the family of Limacodidae found in Cameroon and in Ghana. The type provided from Bipindé southern Cameroon.This species has a wingspan of 38mm.
 Agrotis alexandriensis is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the coastal dunes and saline deserts along the shores of the Mediterranean Sea from Tunisia to Egypt. It was also recorded from the sand dunes of the Southern Coastal Plain in Israel.Adults are on wing in October November and/or April depending on the location. There are two generations per year.
 Rogowo [rɔˈɡɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin within Augustów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 Frank Dermody (born May 29 1951) is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives representing the 33rd Legislative District since 1991. His district is located in northeastern Allegheny County including Brackenridge Cheswick East Deer Fawn Frazer Harmar Harrison Indiana Oakmont part of Plum Springdale Tarentum and West Deer.Dermody has served as House Minority Leader since January 4 2011.
 The North Fork American River is the longest branch of the American River in Northern California. It is 88 miles (142 km) long from its source at the crest of the Sierra Nevada near Lake Tahoe to its mouth at Folsom Lake northeast of Sacramento. Prior to the construction of Folsom Dam the river was about 9 miles (14 km) longer making for a total length of 97 miles (156 km).It rises at Mountain Meadow Lake near the 9008 ft (2746 m) peak of Granite Chief in the Tahoe National Forest.
 Epigram is an independent student newspaper of the University of Bristol. It was established in 1988 by James Landale now a senior BBC journalist who studied politics at Bristol. The former editor of The Daily Telegraph William Lewis was a writer for Epigram in its early years.Epigram is produced fortnightly during term time and as of May 2012 the newspaper has reached 250 editions.
 The Holly Hill Municipal Building (also known as the Holly Hill City Hall) is a historic building in Holly Hill Florida United States. It is located at 1065 Ridgewood Avenue. On April 8 1993 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Group Dynamics: Theory Research and Practice is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Division 49 of the American Psychological Association. The journal was created in 1997 and includes research on group dynamics defined by the editors as the scientific study of all aspects of groups. The current editor-in-chief is David K. Marcus of Washington State University.
 Mursa is a genus of moths formerly of the Noctuidae family. The Noctuidae family of moths are mostly classified in the family Erebidae now along with all of the former members of the families Arctiidae and Lymantriidae. This re-classification has not yet met with general consensus and many resources and publications still follow the older classification scheme.
 Godfather Buried Alive is the second studio album by rapper Shyne. Shyne who was incarcerated at the time was in the middle of serving a 10 year jail sentence for a shooting in New York City. It was released August 10 2004 off Def Jam. The album included 13 tracks 12 of which were previously recorded vocals one was recorded over the phone from jail. The album debuted #3 on the Billboard 200 with 158000 copies sold in its first week. The album was certified gold by the RIAA in December 2004.
 Midnight Daydream is an album by Bruce Cameron released in 1999.
 The Seawanhaka Corinthian Yacht Club is one of the oldest yacht clubs in the Western Hemisphere located in Oyster Bay New York with access to Long Island Sound.
 Hotel Bahia also known as Aparthotel Impala is a hotel in Malabo Equatorial Guinea. The hotel is situated at the end of Street of Algeria route and is said to have views of the sea and Mount Cameroon overlooking Malabo Bay. The hotel contains 16 rooms.In 1985 Lonely Planet described the hotel as being one of the best in Malabo with a bar and restaurant overlooking the sea.
 His Majesty O'Keefe is a 1954 adventure film starring Burt Lancaster. The film was directed by Byron Haskin and Otto Heller and included choreography by Daniel Nagrin. The cast also included Joan Rice André Morell Abraham Sofaer Archie Savage and Benson Fong.The film is based on the book of the same name by Laurence Klingman and Gerald Green (1952).
 Eshqabad (Persian: عشق اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Eshqābād; also known as Chāh-e Delāvar) is a village in Mohammadiyeh Rural District in the Central District of Ardakan County Yazd Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Nagarame Nandi is a 1967 Malayalam language film written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair and directed by A. Vincent. The film stars Prem Nazir Usha Nandhini Madhu and K. P. Ummer among others. The film tells the story of a family that migrates from a village to the city of Madras in search of a better life. The plot is similar to the 1965 film The Conquerors of the Golden City directed by Getin Gurtop and the 1964 film Birds of Exile (Gurbet Kuslari in Turkish) by Halit Refig. K.
 Anthidium conciliatum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae the leaf-cutter carder or mason bees.
 Mirificarma burdonella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found on Corsica and Sardinia.The wingspan is 5.5-6.5 mm for males and 5.5–6 mm for females. The head is cream to light brown. The forewings are mottled light brown and cream usually darker in the apical fifth and at the costal margin with an irregular dark brown stripe along fold. Adults are on wing from August to September.
 The Wahkonsa Hotel is a historic hotel in Fort Dodge Iowa.It was built in 1910 and for a time was a social hub of Fort Dodge. It was recently renovated.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 High is a play written by Matthew Lombardo. The story revolves around a nun Sister Jamison Connelly who deals with her sordid past and the people around her with her acerbic wit and wisdom. When Sister Jamison agrees to sponsor a gay 19-year-old drug user and hustler in an effort to help him combat his addiction her own faith is ultimately tested. HIGH explores the universal themes of truth forgiveness redemption and human fallibility.
 Loweria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Ancylosis oblitella is a species of snout moths in the genus Ancylosis. It was described by Zeller in 1848. It is found in most of Europe.The wingspan is 18–22 mm. Adults are on wing in May and again from July to August in two generations per year.The larvae feed on Chenopodium species.
 Cirrhilabrus sanguineus is a species of wrasse native to the coral reefs of the Mauritius. This species can reach a standard length of 6.7 cm (2.6 in). It occurs at depths from 40 to 60 m (130 to 200 ft). It can be found in the aquarium trade.
 Guča is a large village in the municipality of Lučani Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 2010 people.
 Boylston Building is an historic building at 2-22 Boylston Street in Boston Massachusetts.The building was constructed in 1887 by Carl Fehmer and Woodbury & Leighton. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Julian Morton Carroll (born April 16 1931) is an American politician from the state of Kentucky. A Democrat he is a member of the Kentucky Senate representing Anderson Franklin Woodford and part of Fayette counties. From 1974 to 1979 he served as the 54th Governor of Kentucky succeeding Wendell H. Ford who resigned to accept a seat in the U.S. Senate.
 Robert Keith Bennett Doyle (born 20 May 1953) is an Australian politician and the 103rd Lord Mayor of Melbourne elected on 30 November 2008. He was previously Member for Malvern in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria from 1992 to 2006 and Leader of the Victorian Opposition from 2002 to 2006 representing the Liberal Party of Australia.
 That Forsyte Woman (released in the United Kingdom as The Forsyte Saga) is a 1949 romance film starring Greer Garson Errol Flynn Walter Pidgeon Robert Young and Janet Leigh. It is an adaptation of The Man of Property the first novel in The Forsyte Saga by John Galsworthy.Walter Plunkett and Arlington Valles were nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design Color. The original music score was composed by Bronislau Kaper.
 The Long-tailed Tit or Long-tailed Bushtit (Aegithalos caudatus) is a common bird found throughout Europe and Asia. There are several extensive accounts of this species most notably Cramp and Perrins 1993; Gaston 1973; and Harrap and Quinn 1996. The majority of relevant research has been directed at its social and breeding behaviour.
 Pollux (4092 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps on the border between Valais Switzerland and the Aosta Valley in Italy. It is the lower of a pair of twin peaks (Zwillinge) the other being Castor named after the Gemini twins of Roman mythology. It is separated from Castor by a pass at 3845 m (12615 ft) named the Passo di Verra in Italian and the Zwillingsjoch in German.
 Reneta Ivanova Indzhova (born 6 July 1953) is a Bulgarian politician and manager. Between October 1994 and January 1995 she served as Prime Minister of Bulgaria the first woman in Bulgaria and still the only one to date to hold this office.
 The Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal that has been published continually since 1934 by the Mount Sinai Hospital New York later by the Mount Sinai School of Medicine.The journal is issued six times a year and contains clinical articles from all medical disciplines.
 The Flynn Hills are a mountain range in Mendocino County California.
 Str8 Outta Northcote is the second full-length album from Australian grindcore band Blood Duster its title being a parody of the N.W.A album Straight Outta Compton. Northcote is the suburb in Melbourne where most of the band lived at the time.According to the album's liner notes it features 69 riffs and 758 words listed in the style of Iron Maiden’s Live After Death[citation needed].
 The Devil Hits Back is a compilation album by British rock band Atomic Rooster.Shortly after the death in 1989 of Atomic Rooster founder member Vincent Crane it was compiled as a tribute by his widow Jean and former bandmate John Du Cann.As well as containing a dozen latter-era Atomic Rooster tracks all its reissues are rounded out by Atomic Rooster's three Beat-Club appearances dating from 1971 and 1972.
 The Ighiș River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Richard Burpee Hanson PC (March 20 1879 – July 14 1948) was a Canadian politician who served as interim leader of the Conservative Party from May 14 1940 until November 11 1941. Born in Bocabec Charlotte County New Brunswick the son of Richard B. and Hannah Hanson Hanson was educated in public schools in St. Andrews New Brunswick Mount Allison University and Dalhousie Law School.
 Sungi River is a river of Bali Indonesia.It source is located in the mountainous area of the central-northern part of Bali. It flows through the ancient site of Mengwi and enters the sea to the west of Kerobokan Kelod on the south coast.The Sungi forms most of the eastern boundary of the Tabanan Regency and provides irrigation water for 4 200 ha of sawah within one kabupaten alone. The first King of Mengwi Lord of Blayu built a dam over the Sungi River.According to H.
 The Jean-Paul Sartre Experience is an EP by New Zealand band Jean-Paul Sartre Experience released in 1986.
 Mytrwa is the promo EP by the Polish progressive band Indukti.
 The Domus Internationalis Paulus VI was established as a Foundation by Pope John Paul II on 6 January 1999. The purpose of the Domus is to accommodate clergy who are assigned to the diplomatic service of the Holy See or who are officials of the Roman Curia. The Domus is at the Southern wing of the Palazzi di S. Apollinare.
 Dinosaur Wars is a documentary film created by PBS as an episode for American Experience. The video details the rivalry between Edward Cope and O.C. Marsh. Cope and Marsh were paleontologists who uncovered dinosaur fossils in the late 19th century. The episode had been broadcast by PBS in January 2011. PBS later posted the video online in July 2011. The episode has been covered in online articles posted by Technorati and Wired.
 Underworld is a series of action horror films directed by Len Wiseman Patrick Tatopoulos Måns Mårlind and Björn Stein. The first film Underworld was released in 2003 and the second film Underworld: Evolution in 2006. The third film Underworld: Rise of the Lycans the prequel to the series chronicling the origins of the vampire-lycan war was released on January 23 2009. The fourth film Underworld: Awakening the sequel to Underworld: Evolution was released on January 20 2012.
 They Live is an album by the St. Louis Missouri hardcore punk/metalcore band Calico System released in 2005. Nick Schaflein was on bass as Justin Haltmar left to continue college. Schaflein left the band again after touring in support of the album and Haltmar rejoined.
 Mama I'm Alive (German: Mama ich lebe) is a 1977 East German film directed by Konrad Wolf. It was chosen as East Germany's official submission to the 50th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film but did not manage to receive a nomination. It was also entered into the 27th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Blood Brothers (Dutch: Bloedbroeders) is a 2008 Dutch television film directed by Arno Dierickx.The film is based on the Baarn murder case which took place between 1960-1963. The then 17-year old Boudewijn Henny his 15-year old brother Ewout Henny and their 16-year old friend Hennie Werkhoven killed the 14-year old Theo Mastwijk in Soest.
 Perepelkin is a lunar impact crater that is located just to the south of the similar crater Love. Attached to the exterior of its southern rim is the smaller Shirakatsi. Less than one crater diameter to the east-northeast is Lane and to the west-southwest are the co-joined Danjon and D'Arsonval.The rim of this crater is relatively heavily eroded and is similar in appearance to Love to the north.
 The Moses Morse House is a historic house at 311 Pelham Street in Methuen Massachusetts USA. It is a rare surviving farmhouse in the town with 18th century origins with its oldest elements dating to c. 1762. It is a 2½ story wood frame house with a massive central chimney and a small single story ell on the left side. The ell appears to date from near the house's original construction and the chimney is slightly off-center indicating the house may have been built in stages.
 Eulimella cossignaniorum is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 La Malagueta is the bullring at Málaga (Andalucía Spain) which since 1976 has been denominated a cultural asset of Spain (BIC). It is located in the eastern district of Málaga alongside the Paseo de Reding.The first event was held in 1876. the current (2013 season) operator is Coso de Badajoz SL a company owned by José Cutiño.
 Neopetrosia subtriangularis is a species of marine petrosiid sponges native to the waters off Florida and the Caribbean Sea. They superficially resemble staghorn corals.
 The Sunday Times owned by News Corp Australia is a tabloid Sunday newspaper printed in Perth and distributed throughout Western Australia.
 Gomal Pass (Pashto: ګومل‎) is a mountain pass on the Durand Line between Afghanistan and the southeastern portion of South Waziristan in Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas. It takes its name from the Gomal River and is midway between the legendary Khyber Pass and the Bolan Pass.
 Battus philenor hirsuta the California pipevine swallowtail or hairy pipevine swallowtail is a subspecies of the pipevine swallowtail that is endemic to Northern California. Populations are found throughout the Sacramento Valley and outside of the valley in Contra Costa and Alameda Counties. The butterfly is black with hind wings that have iridescent green-blue coloring above and a row of red spots below; the caterpillars are black with fleshy protrusions and red spots.
 Eulima mulata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Children of the Revolution is a 2010 documentary by Irish filmmaker Shane O'Sullivan about Ulrike Meinhof and Fusako Shigenobu leaders of the German Red Army Faction and the Japanese Red Army.Inspired by the student revolutions of 1968 and appalled by the killing in Vietnam Meinhof and Shigenobu set out to destroy capitalist power through world revolution.
 The Concho River is a river in the U.S. state of Texas. Concho is Spanish for shell; the river was so named due to its abundance of freshwater mussels such as the Tampico pearly mussel (Cyrtonaias tampicoensis).
 Notes & Rhymes released in 2009 is the eighth studio album by The Proclaimers. It was produced by Steve Evans and recorded at Rockfield Studios.
 Hold That Hypnotist is a 1957 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys. The film was released on March 10 1957 by Allied Artists and is the forty-fourth film in the series.
 Gajine (Serbian: Гајине) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Dune Shacks of Peaked Hill Bars Historic District is a historic district that includes dune shacks that were home to American artists and writers from the 1920s - today. The historic district located in the Outer Cape towns of Provincetown and Truro comprises 1950 acres of the Cape Cod National Seashore. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 Wallace's Monthly was an American sporting magazine founded by John H. Wallace (1822-1903) and published out of New York from 1875-1894. It was dedicated to the coverage of horse racing.The publication debuted in October 1875 with Wallace as editor and Benjamin Singerly as publisher. After Singerly died in 1876 Wallace also became publisher. Wallace sold the publication to the American Trotting Registration Association in 1891.
 Brzezówka [bʐɛˈzufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec within Jasło County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Tarnowiec 11 km (7 mi) east of Jasło and 44 km (27 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 Syntax is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of syntax of natural languages established in 1998 and published by Wiley-Blackwell. Its current editors-in-chief are Suzanne Flynn (Massachusetts Institute of Technology) and David Adger (University of London).Syntax was rated A in both the Australian Research Council's ERA journal list for 2010 and the European Science Foundation's linguistics journal list.
 Mount Rockmore is the sixth and latest release by The Bags.
 Geriatric Orthopaedic Surgery & Rehabilitation is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers six times a year in the field of Orthopedics. The journal's editor is Stephen L. Kates MD (University of Rochester Medical Center). It has been in publication since 2010 and is currently published by SAGE Publications. The deputy editor of the Journal is Simon Mears MD PhD associate professor of orthopedic surgery at Johns Hopkins University.
 Banasandra is a small town north of Turuvekere India. It plays a vital part for commerce in Turuvekere region acting as a junction of roads and railway systems.It has a railroad track operated by Indian Railways.
 Mechnice [mɛxˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępno within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Kępno and 142 km (88 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 The flying mice also known as the pygmy scaly-tails pygmy scaly-tailed flying squirrels or pygmy anomalures are not mice not squirrels and are not capable of true flight. These unusual rodents are essentially miniaturized versions of anomalures and are part of the same sub-Saharan African radiation of gliding mammal.
 The Oxford Journal is a free newspaper distributed throughout the city of Oxford in the county of Oxfordshire UK. It is published under licence by Taylor Newspapers Ltd (who also publish other free newspapers including the Basingstoke Observer Oxford Property Weekly and Auto Weekly).
 For other uses of this and similar names see Missionary (disambiguation).Misionarul (English: The Missionary) is a newspaper issued by the Metropolis of Bessarabia in Chişinău.
 Boiled Angel was an independent comic book by Florida-based underground comic book artist Mike Diana in the early 1990s. The comic contained graphic depictions of a variety of taboo and gory subject matters.In a 1990 review Mike Gunderloy of Factsheet Five called Boiled Angel a prime candidate for banning in the 90s. In 1993 a copy of Boiled Angel #8 (or Ate) found its way into the hands of Florida Assistant State's Attorney Stuart Baggish.
 Plumbago is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Seticosta charagma is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Sao Paulo).
 Kid With The Golden Arms (original title: Jin bei tong) is a 1979 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh and produced by Mona Fong. It is one of the few Venom Mob films to include Wei Pai (Snake Venom).
 Erinpura is a village in the Rajasthan state of India. It is located in the Sheoganj Tehsil of the Sirohi district. It is located near the Jawai Bandh station; the Jawai Bandh station was earlier known as Erinpura Road.Erinpura is also a center for weather reports. Historically Erinpura was the base of two successive military units: The Jodhpur Legion and the 43rd Erinpura Regiment.
 Hungry Bitches unofficially nicknamed for its trailer as 2 Girls 1 Cup is a 2007 scat-fetish pornographic film produced by MFX Media. The film features two women conducting themselves in fetishistic intimate relations including defecating into a cup taking turns in what appears to be consuming the excrement and vomiting it into each other's mouths.
 Anaspis is a large genus of beetles belonging to the family Scraptiidae. These small beetles are sometimes falsely called tumbling flower beetles (Family:Mordellidae) as they occur in large numbers on flowers and have a habit of tumbling to the ground when disturbed. They do not have a vernacular common name but some recent authors have coined the name false flower beetles.
 Hypsopygia glaucinalis is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It is sometimes placed in the genus Orthopygia either alone or with a few other species. Being the type species of Orthopygia as soon as O. glaucinalis is placed in Ocrasa (as is done here) Orthopygia is abolished. To further complicate matters Ocrasa is now mostly treated as a synonym or subgenus of Hypsopygia.It is native to the European continent. The wingspan is 23–31 mm.
 The Cat Who Saw Red is the fourth book in the Cat Who series of mystery novels by Lilian Jackson Braun published in 1986.
 Irene Cornelia Berger (born 1954) is a United States District Judge on the United States District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia.
 Simon Hamilton MLA (born 17 March 1977) is a Unionist politician in Northern Ireland and the current minister of finance in the Northern Ireland Executive. He was elected in 2007 to the Northern Ireland Assembly as a Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) member for Strangford.
 Pseudopostega sectila is a moth of the Opostegidae family. It was described by Donald R. Davis and Jonas R. Stonis 2007. It is known from Puerto Rico and Tortola in the British Virgin Islands.The length of the forewings is 3-3.7 mm. Adults have been recorded in July.
 Random Roads Collection is a compilation album released in 2012 by Project Trio. The album was released under Tummy Touch Records.
 The Flashlight is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Ida May Park and starring Lon Chaney.
 Angel Fire is a novel by bestselling author Lisa Unger writing as Lisa Miscione. It is the first book featuring Lydia Strong.
 W.S.Q. is an album released in 1982. It was the third album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and the second to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. The album features performances and compositions by Hamiet Bluiett Julius Hemphill Oliver Lake and David Murray.The album was identified by Chris Kelsey in his Allmusic essay Free Jazz: A Subjective History as one of the 20 Essential Free Jazz Albums.
 24 x 24: Wide Open with Jeff Gordon is a 2007 documentary film about the life of NASCAR driver Jeff Gordon. The film explores his life both on and off the track and gives viewers a glimpse of Gordon the driver the family man the adventurer the entrepreneur and the philanthropist.
 Reefer Madness: The History of Marijuana in America is a book by Larry Ratso Sloman originally published in 1979. The book is a history of social marijuana use in the United States. The book was reissued in 1998 with an introduction by William S. Burroughs.
 Beginnings was a cover album by the English rock group Ambrose Slade who were later known as Slade. It was released on 9 May 1969 but failed to enter the charts. It was also released as Ballzy in the U.S. It was also re-released years later under the title Beginnings of Slade.Beginnings was remastered in 2006 and released with their second album Play It Loud on a single CD.
 Ott's Chapel (also known as Ott's Chapel Sunday School) is a historic chapel in New Castle County Delaware located roughly halfway between Newark Delaware and Elkton Maryland on Ott's Chapel Road.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Love and Will (1969) is a book by American existential psychologist Rollo May in which he articulates the principle that an awareness of death is essential to life rather than being opposed to life.The book explores how the modern loss of older values whose structures and stories provided society with explanations of the mysteries of life forces contemporary humanity to choose between finding meaning within themselves or decide that neither they nor life has meaning.
 Abel O. Maldonado Jr. (born August 21 1967) is an American politician who was the 48th Lieutenant Governor of California. On November 23 2009 then-Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger announced Maldonado as his nominee for Lieutenant Governor to fill the vacancy created by John Garamendi's election to the United States House of Representatives. A State Senator from 2004 until his appointment as Lieutenant Governor Maldonado ran unsuccessfully for California State Controller in 2006.
 Hydon's Ball is a 587 feet (179 m) hill covering most of Hydon Heath Hydestile Surrey England
 Vaguely Noble (1965-1989) was an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in the United Kingdom and France. The colt is best known as the winner of the 1968 Group one (G1) Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe when he defeated the best horses from England France Ireland and Italy. He was later a leading sire in Great Britain & Ireland and a Leading broodmare sire in GB & Ireland.
 Las mil y una noches (The Thousand and One Nights) is a 1958 Mexican film. It was produced by Fernando de Fuentes.
 The Ambato River is a river of Ecuador. It flows near the city of Ambato. It empties into the Pastaza River and ultimately via the Amazon into the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Girl in a Swing is a 1988 American supernatural thriller film directed by Gordon Hessler and starring Meg Tilly Rupert Frazer Nicholas Le Prevost and Elspet Gray. Based on the 1980 novel The Girl in a Swing by Richard Adams the film is about an English antique dealer who travels to Copenhagen where he meets and falls in love with a mysterious German-born secretary whom he marries. Knowing nothing about her family or background he soon discovers a darker side to his new bride.
 Moratock Park is a public park in Danbury North Carolina that includes the site of Moratock Iron Furnace. Union cavalry under the command of George Stoneman destroyed most of the original foundryworks while conducting raids through the area in 1865 during the American Civil War.
 The Kimball Farmer House is a historic house at 1173 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. This two story wood frame house was built in 1826 by Kimball Farmer a farmer. The chimneys of this Federal style house are placed at the rear a local variant and its front entry is framed by sidelight windows topped with Gothic-style lancet tracing in the entablature.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Welch Hall is a historic residence located at 24 E Stewart Rd on Oak Hill in Columbia Missouri. The residence is home to the University of Missouri chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
 Marginella broderickae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.
 The Pratt Tribune is a tri-weekly newspaper published Tuesdays Thursdays and Saturdays in Pratt Kansas United States. It is owned by GateHouse Media.The paper covers Pratt County Kansas. Sister weeklies cover the nearby cities of Greensburg (Kiowa County Signal) and St. John (St. John News). GateHouse also publishes a daily newspaper in western Kansas the Dodge City Daily Globe.
 The Daily Monitor is Uganda’s leading independent daily newspaper. The Monitor name is shared by the Saturday Monitor and Sunday Monitor which are also published by Monitor Publications Limited. It has an online readership of over 1000000.[citation needed] The newspaper was established in 1994 as The Monitor and relaunched as the Daily Monitor in June 2005. The paper asserts that its private ownership guarantees the independence of its editors and journalists.
 Don't Panic: The Official Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Companion is a book by Neil Gaiman about Douglas Adams and The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. The book was originally published in January 1988 in the United States and United Kingdom (ISBN 1-85286-013-8).A second edition retitled Don't Panic: Douglas Adams & The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy was published in the United Kingdom in July 1993 containing additional material by David K.
 Jabłeczna [jaˈbwɛt͡ʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sławatycze 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 95 km (59 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has an approximate population of 320.
 Take a Back Road is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Rodney Atkins. It was released on October 4 2011 via Curb Records. The album's first single Take a Back Road is the fastest-rising and sixth number one single of Atkins' career. The second single He's Mine was previously recorded by Billy Ray Cyrus on his 2009 album Back to Tennessee. Just Wanna Rock N' Roll was released as the album's third single in June 2012.
 Skibotn Chapel (Norwegian: Skibotn bedehuskapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Storfjord in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Skibotn. The chapel is part of the Storfjord parish in the Nord-Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was originally built in 1895 and has been remodeled and enlarged several times since. The chapel was consecrated on 22 Jun 1931 by the Bishop Eivind Berggrav.
 Tekkonkinkreet (鉄コン筋クリート Tekkonkinkurīto a child's mispronunciation of Tekkin Konkurito (steel reinforced concrete) is a three-volume seinen manga series by Taiyō Matsumoto which was originally serialized from 1993 to 1994 in Shogakukan's Big Comic Spirits and first published in English as Tekkonkinkreet: Black & White. It was adapted into a 2006 feature-length Japanese anime film of the same name directed by Michael Arias and animated by Studio 4°C.
 Eoin MacNeill (Irish: Eoin Mac Néill; 15 May 1867 – 15 October 1945) was an Irish scholar nationalist revolutionary and politician. MacNeill has been described as the father of the modern study of early Irish medieval history. A key figure of the Gaelic revival he was a co-founder of the Gaelic League to preserve Irish language and culture. In 1913 he established the Irish Volunteers and served as their Chief-of-Staff.
 St. Mary's Catholic Church is a historic church at 159 Washington Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The church is part of St Mary's Parish which includes St Mary's School. Both are part of Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston.The church building was built in 1876 replacing Winchester's first Roman Catholic place of worship a chapel built on the same site. Originally clad in wood this church underwent major renovations in 1897 under the direction of architect P. W.
 A Night In Rivendell is the second album by the Danish group The Tolkien Ensemble. It features songs composed to the lyrics found in J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings and forms the second part of what was to become a complete musical interpretation of all lyrics in the book.
 Owen Park is a historic district in Tulsa Oklahoma. Its borders are Edison Avenue on the north the municipal Owen Park on the east the Keystone Expressway (Hwy 412) on the south and Zenith Avenue on the west. Opened on June 8 1910 it was Tulsa's first municipal park.
 Facts of Life: The Soul of Bobby Womack is a Grammy-nominated tribute album dedicated to Bobby Womack. It was recorded By Soul singer-songwriter Calvin Richardson.In 2009 Richardson was chosen to record the album to coincide with Womack's induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. It peaked at #30 on the US R&B chart.
 From the Tropics to the Snow is a 1964 Australian documentary film. It was one of the best known Australian films of the 1960s.
 The Lapithas (Greek: Λαπίθας) is a mountain located in southern Elis in the western Peloponnese in Greece. The mountains are named after the mythical people the Lapiths.[citation needed] In the west the mountain touches the Ionian Sea. It is 15 to 20 km long and 10 km wide and covers and area of 100 to 150 km².
 Grassholme Reservoir is a large reservoir in County Durham England. It is situated in the Lune Valley which is a side valley of the River Tees about 2 miles (3.2 km) south of Middleton-in-Teesdale. It supplies water for Teesdale and Teesside and is owned by Northumbrian Water. Its main recreational use is as an angling centre.
 Mysmena wawuensis is a species of spider found in China. It grows to 0.75 millimetres long.
 Shrine Pass elevation 11094 ft (3381 m) is a mountain pass in the Sawatch Range of central Colorado.The pass is located at the northern end of the Sawatch Range along the border of Eagle and Summit counties west of Frisco and 2 miles (3.2 km) northwest of Vail Pass. It is traversed by a narrow unpaved road connecting the eastern side of Vail Pass near Interstate 70 (east) with the town of Red Cliff in the upper valley of the Eagle River (west).
 Free Wheeling is a 1932 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 117th (29th talking episode) Our Gang short that was released.
 The Mija Mică River is a tributary of the Jieţ in Romania.
 Gach Kuban (Persian: گچ كوبان‎ also Romanized as Gach Kūbān; also known as Gachkūpān) is a village in Hendmini Rural District Badreh District Darreh Shahr County Ilam Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 877 in 174 families.
 Rodopsko (Bulgarian: Родопско) is a village in the municipality of Ardino in Kardzhali Province in southern-central Bulgaria. It is located 192.316 kilometres (119.500 mi) southeast of Sofia. It covers an area of 3.014 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 37 people.
 Nabaganga (Bengali: নবগঙ্গা নদী) is the fourth biggest river in Bangladesh and a tributary of Mathabhanga.
 Otaq Sar (Persian: اطاق سر‎ also Romanized as Oţāq Sar) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District Bandpey-ye Sharqi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 149 in 38 families.
 Manduca reducta is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Peru and Bolivia.There are probably multiple generations per year.
 Perixera obliviaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from the Indo-Australian tropics east to Queensland and Fiji.The wingspan is about 30 mm. The wings are dull pale brown the hindwings with a small pale discal spot ringed darker brown to black.The larvae feed on Derris species. They are a pest in Citrus orchards. They attack the rind of the developing fruit of their host plant.
 The Frozen Ghost (1945) is a mystery film starring Lon Chaney Jr. and Evelyn Ankers and directed by Harold Young. It is the fourth of the six Inner Sanctum mystery films.
 Wie die Wilden is an East German television film. It was released in 1959.
 Revolution is the title of the tenth album by The Dubliners. It was their second to be produced by Phil Coulter. This was a landmark in their career. Their sound had developed and Coulter as well as playing piano on the record had brought in other instrumentalists as well. The album featured Scorn Not His Simplicity a song that Coulter had composed about his own son who had Down's syndrome as well as a poem penned by Luke Kelly entitled For What Died The Sons Of Róisín?.
 The River Croal is a river located in Greater Manchester England. It is a tributary of the River Irwell.Rising at the confluence of Middle Brook and Deane Church Brook it flows eastwards through Bolton collecting Gilnow Brook and the larger River Tonge at Darcy Lever.
 Jamdusan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1243 m (4078 ft).
 The McConnell River is located in the Kivalliq Region of northern Canada's territory of Nunavut. It drains into Hudson Bay and is the namesake for the McConnell River Migratory Bird Sanctuary.It is home to Snow (Blue) and Canada geese.
 Endennasaurus is an extinct genus of thalattosaurian from the Upper Triassic of Italy.
 Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD or simply Right About Now was released by Talib Kweli in November 2005 and is generally considered a mixtape. However some people regard this release as an official album because of its availability through commercial sites and its release of two singles. It also lacks the DJ overlays often accompanied by mixtapes which makes the CD read more like an official album.
 Skope Magazine is a music magazine founded in Boston Massachusetts in 2000 and privately owned by Michael Friedman. It is published by Skope Entertainment Inc. The magazine was printed bi-monthly in glossy full color. The magazine began as a Co-Op project at Northeastern University in Boston MA.Skope Entertainment Inc. will continue without the magazine and can now be seen at www.skopemag.com/about. Skope prides itself as a diverse music based media company.
 Sosno [ˈsɔsnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Chasing Time: The Bedlam Sessions is a live album and DVD released by James Blunt in 2006 as a follow-up to his 2004 debut album Back to Bedlam. The set contains a live album from Ireland as well as a DVD featuring a recorded performance at the BBC music videos for High You're Beautiful Wisemen and Goodbye My Lover and interviews taken from various television appearances and studio sessions.
 Wielątki Rosochate [vjɛˈlɔntki rɔsɔˈxatɛ] is a Polish village in the Gmina Somianka administrative district. The district is found within Wyszków County and the county is part of the Masovian Voivodeship found in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Somianka 11 km (7 mi) northwest of Wyszków and 51 km (32 mi) northeast of Warsaw.
 Vidas marcadas is a 1942 Argentine film.
 Handy Mandy in Oz (1937) is the thirty-first of the Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors and the seventeenth written by Ruth Plumly Thompson. It was illustrated by John R. Neill.
 South Lake (Chinese: 武汉南湖) is a subtropical shallow lake located in the southern suburbs of Wuchang Wuhan Hubei Province China. It has an average depth of 1.6 metres lake bottom elevation 18 m thewidth of the lake is about 15.4 km long the length of the lake is about 5.4 km wide area of 5km².
 Myron is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 31 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Myron is named for the ancient Greek sculptor Myron who lived from 480 to 440 BCE.
 The Temple of My Familiar is a 1989 novel by Alice Walker. It is an ambitious and multi-narrative novel containing the interleaved stories of Arveyda a musician in search of his past; Carlotta his Latin American wife who lives in exile from hers; Suwelo a black professor of American History who realizes that his generation of men have failed women; Fanny his ex-wife about to meet her father for the first time; and Lissie a vibrant creature with a thousand pasts.
 W. H. Winborne House is a historic home located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina. It was built about 1925 and is a brick 1 1⁄2-story rectangular plan cross-gable-roofed American Craftsman-style residence. The façade features a broad peaked gable over an integral porch which wraps three sides.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 James Purvis Jameson JP (5 April 1824 – 6 September 1896) was Mayor of Christchurch in 1870–1871. A linen draper from the Manchester area he emigrated with his family to Christchurch in 1863. He was involved with a large number of organisations in Christchurch and was active in the Congregational church. For a time he was a farmer on the Canterbury Plains.
 Professor Risley and the Imperial Japanese Troupe is a 2012 book written by Frederik L. Schodt author of Dreamland Japan and Manga! Manga! and published by Stone Bridge Press. It traces the history of American acrobat and impresario Professor Risley (Richard Risley Carlisle) and his attempts in the 19th century at bringing the West its first glimpse of Japanese popular entertainment. The Risley act is also named after Professor Risley.
 The Beethoven House (German: Beethoven-Haus) in Bonn Germany is a memorial site museum and cultural institution serving various purposes. Founded in 1889 by the Beethoven-Haus association it studies the life and work of composer Ludwig van Beethoven.The centrepiece of the Beethoven-Haus is Beethoven's birthplace at Bonngasse 20. This building houses the museum.
 Del rancho a la televisión (From the Ranch to the Television) is a 1953 Mexican film. It stars Luis Aguilar.
 Cai-Göran Alexander Stubb (born 1 April 1968 in Helsinki) is a Finnish politician and Minister for European Affairs and Foreign Trade. From 2004 to 2008 he was a Member of the European Parliament with the European People's Party (EPP) and a professor at the College of Europe.
 The Paltina River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
 The Reckless Hour is a 1931 Pre-code film directed by John Francis Dillon and produced and distributed by First National Pictures.Preserved at the Library of Congress.Released on Warner Archive dvd with another Mackaill film Bright Lights.
 Oh Perilous World the sixth full-length studio album from cello rock trio Rasputina was performed by the band's creator cellist/lead singer Melora Creager and drummer Jonathon TeBeest with second chair Sarah Bowman contributing additional vocals. It is a concept album and was released by the Filthy Bonnet Recording Co. with distribution through Rykodisc.
 Elvis Afriyie Ankrah (born 6 January 1967) is a Ghanaian politician. He is the Minister for Youth and Sports in Ghana.
 Jubilation is the fourth album by the Country rock trio consisting of brothers Chris Lorin and Peter Rowan credited as The Rowans. It is their third effort recorded as trio with Peter Rowan.
 Boheyr-e Olya (Persian: بحيرعليا‎ also Romanized as Boḩeyr-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Mollasani Rural District in the Central District of Bavi County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 28 families.
 The Gila Mountains (Graham County) is a mountain range in central-east Arizona. It borders the Gila River and Gila Valley on the valley's northeast in north-central Graham County; also the San Carlos Indian Reservation. The mountain range sits on the southern perimeter of the White Mountains and is located in the southeast area of Arizona's transition zone.The Gila Mountains lie northwest of Safford Arizona and the Santa Teresa Mountains lie to the southwest across the Gila Valley.
 Parallel Stories (Hungarian: Párhuzamos történetek) is a 2005 novel in three volumes by the Hungarian writer Péter Nádas. It comprises the installments The Silent Province (A néma tartomány) In the Depths of the Night (Az éjszaka legmélyén) and A Breath of Freedom (A szabadság lélegzete). The narrative portrays Hungary during the 20th century. The novel took 18 years to write. It was published in English as one volume in 2011.
 Oscar Peterson Meets Roy Hargrove and Ralph Moore is a 1996 album by Oscar Peterson.
 Hoy le toca a mi mujer is a 1973 Argentine film.
 Thomas Henry Bull Symons CC OOnt FRSC (born May 30 1929) is a Canadian professor and author in the field of Canadian studies.Born in Toronto Ontario he is the son of Harry Lutz Symons and Dorothy Sarah Bull and the brother of Scott Symons. He graduated from Upper Canada College in 1942 and attended the University of Toronto (B.A. 1951) Oxford (B.A. 1953 M.A. 1957) and Harvard University.
 Win Shares is a book (ISBN 1-931584-03-6) about baseball written by Bill James and Jim Henzler published by STATS Inc. in 2002.As ESPN's Jim Baker put it we've been talking about Win Shares the baseball metric Bill James introduced in .... a book titled oddly enough Win Shares. It explains the concepts of win shares a baseball statistic.
 Kalikaalam (Malayalam: കലികാലം) is a 2012 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Reji Nair. Focussing mainly on relationships it tells the story of a mother and her three children. The film tries to explore the complexities of a small family. Scriptwriter Reji Nair makes his directorial debut with this film. Kalikalam was filmed by award winning cinematographer Madhu Ambat. The film's music is by O. N. V. Kurup-Ousepachan team who reunites once again after Akashadoothu (1992).
 Delhi Gadhakal (Tales from Delhi) is a Malayalam language novel by M. Mukundan. It was first published as a book by D. C. Books in November 2011. The novel portrays the various events that greatly influenced the author's life during the 40 years spent in New Delhi since 1962. The novel has as protagonist a leftist Kerala youth named Sahadevan who had the shock of his life when he landed in Delhi to hear the news of Chinese attack on India.It took three years for Mukundan to finish the novel.
 Zodiac Killers is a 1991 Hong Kong action thriller drama film directed by Ann Hui and starring Andy Lau Cherie Chung and Junichi Ishida.The inspiration of Zodiac Killers came from a mysterious case of a mainland Chinese female student studying abroad in Japan who was killed from falling onto the tracks. The film presents occasional delicate touch like the pursue of broken mirror pieces along with a regular monotonous beat with a dark style.
 The Man Who Fights Alone is a lost 1924 silent film drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Wallace Worsley and starred William Farnum and Lois Wilson.
 Kalinino is a village in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan.
 Heterodera tabacum is a plant pathogenic nematode.
 This article is about the U.S. politician John Barrow. For other uses see John Barrow.John Jenkins Barrow (born October 31 1955) is the U.S. Representative for Georgia's 12th congressional district serving since 2005. The district includes much of the Georgia side of the CSRA and includes counties as south as Coffee County and as west as Laurens County. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
 The Runes of the Earth is a fantasy novel by Stephen R. Donaldson first published in 2004.
 The Blue Finch or Yellow-billed Blue Finch (Porphyrospiza caerulescens) is a species of bird in the Thraupidae family. Sometimes classified in the bunting and American sparrow family Emberizidae a recent study[citation needed] has shown it to belong in the Thraupidae. It in the monotypic genus Porphyrospiza.[citation needed]It is found in Bolivia and Brazil. Its natural habitat is dry savanna. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
 Les Misérables: The Dream Cast in Concert a.k.a. Les Misérables in Concert is a concert version of the musical Les Misérables produced to celebrate its 10th anniversary. It was filmed in October 1995 at the Royal Albert Hall and released on DVD VHS and LD in 1998 and re-released on DVD in North America in 2008. The latest DVD presents the concert in its original 16x9 ratio. Although filmed with HD cameras a Blu-ray edition has not been released yet.
 Al Qufayf is a village in Makkah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Pensiamoci Ogni Sera is an Italian album by Dalida. It contains two of her best Top 10 hits in Italy : the #1 La danza di Zorba and Il silenzio.
 West Side Story (Original Broadway Cast) is the 1957 recording of a Broadway production of the musical West Side Story. Recorded 3 days after the show opened at the Winter Garden Theatre the recording was released in October 1957 in both mono and stereo formats. In 1962 the album reached #5 on Billboard's Pop Album chart. It certified gold by the RIAA on January 12 1962. The album was reissued in 1973 and made its first appearance on CD in 1986.
 Balanus improvisus the bay barnacle is a species of acorn barnacle in the family Balanidae.
 The George M. Bradley House now known as Saint Martin Hall is a historic house on the upper campus of Providence College.The house was built in 1850 by Thomas Tefft in an Italian Villa style. In 1926 the house and properties were purchased by Providence College. The house was given a wood-framed dormitory addition to its rear becoming Guzman Hall the college's first on-campus dormitory.
 Kant is a small lunar impact crater that is located to the northwest of the prominent crater Cyrillus and the comparably sized Ibn Rushd. To the northwest is Zöllner and to the east is Mons Penck. This last feature forms a mountainous promontory reaching a height of about 4 km.This crater has a well-defined and somewhat uneven rim that is roughly circular in shape. The inner walls have a higher albedo than the surrounding surface giving them a lighter appearance.
 Dr. Richárd Tarnai (born 3 November 1972) is a Hungarian jurist and politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Kispest (Budapest Constituency XXVIII) since 2010. He served as one of the recorders of the parliament from 14 May 2010 until 21 February 2011 when he was appointed Director of the Government Office of Pest County.
 The Museum of Grenoble (French: Musée de Grenoble) is a municipal museum of Fine Arts and antiquities in the city of Grenoble in the Isère region of France.Located on the left bank of the Isère River place Lavalette it is known both for its collections of ancient art for its collections of modern and contemporary art.
 The 133rd Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives. Elections were held the first Tuesday after November 1st and terms began in Dover on the first Tuesday in January. This date was January 8 1985 which was two weeks before the beginning of the first administrative year of Republican Governor Michael N.
 Template:The ProtocolsZnamya (Banner Russian: Знамя) — a newspaper established by ultra-nationalist Black Hundreds journalist Pavel Krushevan in Petersburg. Known for publishing of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion in August—September 1903.
 Hasanabad-e Govijeh (Persian: حسن ابادگويجه‎ also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Govījeh; also known as Ḩasanābād and Ḩasanābād-e Amjadī) is a village in Agahan Rural District Kolyai District Sonqor County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 56 in 13 families.
 Native Dancer is the fifteenth album by Wayne Shorter. It is a collaboration with Brazilian musician Milton Nascimento featuring some of his most acclaimed compositions including Ponta de Areia and Miracle of The Fishes. It is notable for including jazz rock and funk elements in addition to regional rhythms and Brazilian influence in an attempt to create a world music accessible from many perspectives.
 Jyotindra Nath Dixit (January 8 1936 – January 3 2005) was an Indian diplomat who as served as Foreign Secretary (1991–1994) the top bureaucrat in the Ministry of External Affairs. At the time of his death he was the National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and is most remembered for his role as a negotiator in disputes with Pakistan and China.
 Mazraeh-ye Fazlabad (Persian: مزرعه فضل آباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Fz̤lābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Semnan County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jabal Shariyah is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Erwin Nathaniel Griswold (July 14 1904 – November 19 1994) was an appellate attorney who argued many cases before the U.S. Supreme Court. Griswold served as Solicitor General of the United States (1967–1973) under Presidents Lyndon B. Johnson and Richard M. Nixon. He also served as Dean of Harvard Law School for 21 years. Several times he was considered for appointment to the U.S. Supreme Court. During a career that spanned more than six decades he served as member of the U.S.
 The Interlaken ship canal (German: Interlaken Schiffskanal) is a 2.75-kilometre (1.71 mi) long canal in the Swiss canton of Bern. It connects Lake Thun with a quay in the town of Interlaken adjacent to Interlaken West railway station thus allowing shipping services on the lake to serve the town and connect with railway services. It is still in regular use by the Lake Thun passenger ships of the BLS AG.The canal parallels the Aar river throughout its length.
 Auratonota spinivalva is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico.The wingspan is about 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream suffused with brown except for the edges of the markings. These markings are dark brown but paler and more ochreous in the dorsal half of the median cell. The hindwings are brownish but paler basally.
 The Little Salmon River is a tributary of the Salmon River in the U.S. state of Idaho. The river is some 51 miles (82 km) long and drains 576 square miles (1490 km2) of land.
 John Henry de la Poer Beresford 5th Marquess of Waterford KP PC (21 May 1844 – 23 October 1895) styled Earl of Tyrone from 1859 to 1866 was an Irish peer and Conservative politician. He served as Master of the Buckhounds under Lord Salisbury from 1885 to 1886.
 Encadenado is a 1940 Argentine film.
 Shukol-e Sahan Ali (Persian: شوكل صحنعلي‎ also Romanized as Shūkol-e Şaḥan ʿAlī) is a village in Kushk Rural District Abezhdan District Andika County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 5 families.
 The Intermediate Roundleaf Bat (Hipposideros larvatus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae. It is found in Bangladesh Cambodia China India Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Thailand and Vietnam.Geographical LocationThe intermediate leaf-nosed bat (H.
 Visage is the eponymous debut studio album by the British new wave band Visage. It was recorded at Genetic Sound Studios in Reading Berkshire and released by Polydor Records on 10 November 1980. The album reached No. 13 in the UK and was certified Silver by the British Phonographic Industry in March 1981. It features the hit single Fade to Grey which reached No. 8 on the UK Singles Chart and Top 10 positions in Europe including No. 1 in Germany and Switzerland.
 The Marsh Grassbird (Locustella pryeri) also known as the Japanese Swamp Warbler is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family. It is found in China Japan South Korea Mongolia and Russia.Its natural habitat is swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Howard J. Wetters is a former Democratic politician from Michigan who served in the Michigan House of Representatives representing northern Bay County for most of the 1990s. Wetters also unsuccessfully ran for Bay County Clerk in 2012 challenging the incumbent Cynthia A. Luczak.
 Haderbad-e Olya (Persian: هادربادعليا‎ also Romanized as Hāderbād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Hāderbād Hāderābād Haidarābād and Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Alqurat Rural District in the Central District of Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 76 in 21 families.
 Hacıyusuflar is a village in the District of Elmalı Antalya Province Turkey.
 India: The Emerging Giant is a 2008 book by Arvind Panagariya which describes the contemporary state of the economy of India.
 Chronicles: Death Row Classics is a Dr. Dre greatest hits album released by Death Row Records on June 27 2006. This is the follow-up of the album Chronicle: Best of the Works (2002). While Chronicle: Best of the Work was originally released by Death Row UK and thus not officially a Death Row album this is an official Death Row release. Some of the songs from Dr. Dre's 1992 album The Chronic that were not included on Chronicle: Best of the Work are on this album.
 The Journal of Food Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1936 and is published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Institute of Food Technologists in Chicago Illinois. From 1996 to 2005 it was ranked eighth among impact in scientific journals publishing food science and technology.
 Boreas Pass elevation 11481 ft (3499 m) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States. The pass is located on the continental divide at the crest of the Front Range along the border between Park (south) and Summit counties. The correct pronunciation of the pass name is (Bore-ays).
 A Quiet week in the House (Czech: Tichý týden v dome) is a 1969 Czechoslovak live-action/animated short film by Jan Švankmajer.
 The Pitcher Shower (2005) is a novel by Donald Harington set in the Arkansas part of the Ozarks in fictional towns near the fictional town of Stay More the setting for Harington's other novels. The main character drives from town to town showing movies or pitchers (so he is a pitcher shower) on improvised screens outdoors.
 Funk Beat Riot is an album by Alec Empire under the alias Death Funk.
 Ode to Billy Joe is a 1976 film with a screenplay by Herman Raucher inspired by the 1967 hit song by Bobbie Gentry titled Ode to Billie Joe (note difference in spelling). The film was directed and produced by Max Baer Jr. (of The Beverly Hillbillies fame) and stars Robby Benson and Glynnis O'Connor.
 D. O. Lee Peak also known as Lee Peak at 11347 feet (3459 m) above sea level is the third highest peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. The peak is located 1.25 mi (2.01 km) south-southwest of Calkens Peak its line parent. It is the 56th highest peak in Idaho and it was named after David Oliver Lee who was born in 1934 in Challis and died in 1982. D. O.
 Rip It Out is an extended play album by American rock band thelastplaceyoulook. It was released on December 30 2013 and produced by thelastplaceyoulook and Matt Novesky. The first single is Rip it Out and also features a rock cover of Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball.
 Exile is the second studio album by English synthpop duo Hurts released on 8 March 2013 by Major Label. The album was produced by Hurts along with Jonas Quant—with whom the duo worked on their debut album Happiness (2010)—and Dan Grech-Marguerat. Miracle was released on 11 January 2013 as the lead single from the album followed by Blind on 10 May 2013 and Somebody to Die For on 19 July 2013.
 A Diary for Timothy (1945) is a British documentary film directed by Humphrey Jennings. It was produced by Basil Wright for the Crown Film Unit. The narration was written by the British author E. M. Forster (spoken by Michael Redgrave) and is account of the progress of the war during the first six months of the life of a baby named Timothy. The recoveries of a pilot with a broken leg and a miner with a broken arm are also featured.
 Less Than Zero is an EP by Los Angeles hip-hop group LA Symphony.
 Understanding Islam through Hadis is a book by Ram Swarup first published in 1982 in the USA. It was eventually banned in India.The book is a study based on the English translation by Abdul Hamid Siddiqi of the Sahih Muslim the second most important collection of Hadiths. Ram Swarup claims in the foreword that we have quoted extensively and faithfully from it.
 Dichelyne alatae is a species of nematode described on the basis of the worms recovered from the intestine of the whiting Sillaginopsis panijus from the estuary of the Hooghly River at Kalyani West Bengal India.
 The Serpent Is Rising is the third album by Styx released in 1973. The album was reissued in 1980 with new artwork and a new title Serpent. The band considers this to be their worst recording. Dennis DeYoung has gone far as saying it was one of the worst recorded and produced in the history of music.[citation needed] The album peaked at #192 on the Billboard 200 their second-lowest charting album and as of 2007 has sold less than 100000 copies worldwide.
 Burtnieki Castle (German: Schloss Burtneck; Estonian: Asti ordulinnus) is a castle in the historical region of Vidzeme in northern Latvia. It was built on the south shore of Lake Burtnieks for the Livonian Order around 1284.
 Patrick Pat Steadman (born March 31 1964) is a legislator attorney and former lobbyist from the U.S. state of Colorado. Steadman a Democrat was appointed to the Colorado Senate in May 2009 following the resignation of Jennifer Veiga. He represents the 31st senate district which covers downtown and north-central Denver and portions of Adams County.
 Flute By-Laws is the second album by jazz flautist Hubert Laws released in 1966 on Atlantic Records.
 Preethi is a 1972 Malayalam language film directed and produced by P. Subramaniam under the banner of Neela Productions.
 Christian Archibald Herter Jr. (January 29 1919 – September 16 2007) was an American politician diplomat oil executive and academic and the son of U.S. Secretary of State Christian A. Herter Sr.
 The Belfast Telegraph is a daily newspaper published in Belfast Northern Ireland by Independent News & Media.
 William H. Yohn Jr. is a judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Born in 1935 in Pottstown Pennsylvania Judge Yohn graduated from Princeton University in 1957 and received his J.D. from the Yale Law School in 1960. Judge Yohn served in the United States Marine Corps from 1960 to 1961 and continued in the reserves until 1965. He was in private practice in Pottstown from 1961 to 1981.
 Advaitic Songs is the fifth studio album by the band Om released on July 24 2012. The album has received a mixed response from both fans and critics with some critics giving the album poor reviews and others giving extremely positive reviews. Fans were also split over the album as some felt it moved away too much from the bands earlier heavier sound. As with Pilgrimage and God Is Good Advaitic Songs album cover again visits Christian Iconography.
 Beyond Our Differences is a documentary film aired December 26 2008 on the Bill Moyers Journal on PBS. A production of New York documentary film company Entropy Films Beyond Our Differences has been featured at film festivals including the Non-Violence International Film Festival Global Peace Film Festival West Hollywood International Film Festival and many others. Entropy Films sold the 74 minute film to PBS and PBS International in late 2008 for worldwide distribution.
 Ballroom Blitz – Live at the Lyceum is a CD by The Damned documenting the tour for the Friday The 13th EP. It was recorded at the London Lyceum on 12 July 1981. It was released in June 1992.
 Eungbongsan is a mountain that sits on the border Samcheok Gangwon-do and Uljin County Gyeongsangbuk-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 999 m (3278 ft).
 Cooks Creek is a stream of Antigua and Barbuda. It is located on the island of Antigua.
 The Maple Leaf Farm Potato House is a historic agricultural storage building located on the property of Western Fields at Hebron Wicomico County Maryland. It was originally located on the north side of U.S. Route 50 southeast of the intersection with White Lowe Road and moved to its present site in July 1997.
 Colonie Center is a shopping mall located in Colonie just outside Albany at the intersection of Central Avenue Wolf Road and Interstate 87. Opening in 1966 it was the first enclosed shopping mall in New York's Capital Region. The mall has successfully updated its tenant mix image and look on an ongoing basis to keep up with the times as can be seen from the list of stores on the mall's website.
 The Strand Theatre on Hill Avenue in Grafton North Dakota United States was built in 1946. It reflects Moderne architecture. It has also been known as the New Strand as the Strand Twin Theatre as the Deluxe Theatre and as the Strand Deluxe Theater. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2004.
 Cerovac is a village in the municipality of Smederevska Palanka Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 1177 people.
 Helocordulia is a genus of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae. They are commonly known as Sundragons.These are medium-sized Odonates 38–46 mm (1.5–1.8 in) long dark brown with orange markings.They are confined to eastern USA and Canada where their habitat is clear streams and lakes with sandy bottoms.The genus contains only two species:Helocordulia selysii (Hagen in Selys 1878) – Selys's SundragonHelocordulia uhleri (Selys 1871) – Uhler's Sundragon↑ ↑ ↑ 3.0 3.1
 The Interlopers first published in 1969 was the twelfth novel in the Matt Helm spy series by Donald Hamilton which began in 1960. It represents a middle period in the Helm novels being about 80000 words in length somewhat longer than the first four or five in the series but considerably shorter than most of the Helm books of the eighties and nineties which were generally well over 100000 words in length.
 Todd Ames Hunter (born August 26 1953) is a lawyer from Corpus Christi Texas who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 32 in Nueces County. From 1993 to 1997 as a Democrat Hunter also held the District 32 House seat. He did not seek reelection in 1996. From 1989 to 1993 he was the District 36 Democratic representative.
 The Air Museum (Portuguese: Museu do Ar) is an aviation museum of the Portuguese Air Force located at Sintra Air Base and with spaces at Ovar and Alverca.
 The Seaboard Air Line Dining Car-#6113 is a historic Seaboard Air Line Railroad dining car in Boca Raton Florida. It is located at 747 South Dixie Highway off U.S. 1 part of the restored Florida East Coast Railway Passenger Station. On April 5 2001 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was originally built the Budd Company in 1947 and could seat 48.
 Parbat Pe Apna Dera is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 Welcome Reality is the debut album by UK dubstep act Nero. A concept album it was released first in Ireland on 12 August 2011 and the rest of the world on 15 August 2011 except Australia and New Zealand where it was released on 19 August 2011 on Chase & Status's MTA Records.
 Wrzosów [ˈvʐɔsuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borki within Radzyń Podlaski County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Borki 11 km (7 mi) south-west of Radzyń Podlaski and 51 km (32 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
 Pomerape is a stratovolcano lying on the border of northern Chile and Bolivia (Oruro Department Sajama Province Curahuara de Carangas Municipality). It is part of the Payachata complex of volcanoes together with Parinacota Volcano to the south. It is of Pleistocene age.Climbing the volcano is alpine grade AD sometimes on 50+ degree snow/rubble slope. A camp can be established at 5300 metres (17390 ft) at the saddle between Parinacota and Pomerape.
 Victor Aloysius Vic Meyers (September 7 1897 – May 28 1991) known as The Clown Prince of Politics and The Pagliacci of Politics was a Seattle Washington jazz bandleader and Washington State Democratic Party politician. He served 20 years as the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Washington and eight as Secretary of State of Washington.
 Desire Climax (欲情(C)MAX Yokujō Climax) is a shōjo manga series by Ayane Ukyō. It was serialized in Shueisha's Margaret manga magazine from 2004 to 2006 and collected in seven bound volumes. The series is published in France by Panini Comics France and in Germany by Egmont Manga.
 Orthozancla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 A Difficult Life (Italian: Una vita difficile) is a Commedia all'italiana or Italian-style comedy film directed by Dino Risi in 1961.
 Pig is the 2010 horror film directed by Adam Mason starring Molly Black Guy Burnet and Andrew Howard.
 The State Armory is a historic armory building at 29 Howard Street in Springfield Massachusetts. It was built in 1895 by E. C. Gardner to a design by Robert Wait and Amos Cutting. The construction was primarily granite with decorative elements of brick and brownstone. It has towers that are 50 feet (15 m) and 60 feet (18 m) tall with crenellated brick battlements and a parapet connecting the two front towers.
 1 William Street is an office building located in New York City.
 Žabare is a village in the municipality of Kruševac Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 361 people.
 Loriomyia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
 The Irish Annulet (Gnophos dumetata) is a species of moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in large parts of Europe except Great Britain Portugal the Benelux Switzerland Bulgaria Fennoscandia and the Baltic region. It is also found from north-western Africa to Armenia Dagestan and the south-western part of the former Soviet Union.The wingspan is 24–28 mm. The upperside of the wings is light chocolate-brown slightly tending to yellow. The outer marginal area is darker brown.
 Caryocolum is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
 Ophiogomphus incurvatus is a species of dragonfly in family Gomphidae. It is endemic to the United States. Its natural habitat is intermittent rivers.
 Markovo Polje is a village in Croatia.
 Lance Evans Harvell (born 1963) is an American politician from Maine. A Republican Harvell was elected to the Maine House of Representatives on February 3 2009 during a special election to replace Janet T. Mills. He was re-elected in 2010 and 2012. He is a service operator at Verso Paper's paper mill in Jay.
 Expendable renamed from Gamma Squad for its premiere on June 14 2004 is a film by Catman Do Films that was directed by Nathaniel Barker and Eliot Lash; it is an independent film.
 Walter Jodok Kohler Sr. (March 3 1875 – April 21 1940) was a member of the Kohler family of Wisconsin and was an American businessman and politician. He was an innovative and highly successful Wisconsin industrialist. The Kohler Company was founded by his father John Michael Kohler. Walter Kohler served as the company's president 1905 to 1937. Walter Kohler was elected the 26th Governor of Wisconsin as a Republican serving one term from 1929 to 1931.
 Antonio Eduardo B. Nachura (born June 13 1941) was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines until his mandatory retirement in June 13 2011. He had been Solicitor-General of the Philippines at the time of his appointment to the Court was announced on January 31 2007 by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. Nachura took his oath of office as Associate Justice on February 7 2007.
 Anacoracidae is an extinct shark family in the order Lamniformes.
 Pedro Espada Jr. (born October 20 1953) is an American politician and former Democratic member of the New York Senate for the 33rd Senate District. He was the New York State Senate Majority Leader and Vice President Pro Tempore for Urban Policy of the Senate. He was at the center of the June 2009 change in power in the Senate one of two Democratic senators who voted to appoint Republican Dean Skelos as Majority Leader; Espada himself was chosen to be Temporary President.
 Annavru (Kannada: ಅಣ್ಣಾವ್ರು) is a 2003 Kannada Indian feature film directed by Om Prakash Rao for producer M.C. Dyanand starring Ambareesh Darshan Kanika Suhasini and Sumitra.
 The Massive Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located in the southwestern area of the Bow River valley in Banff National Park Canada.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 Quicksands is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan. The film stars J. Warren Kerrigan Charlotte Burton Vivian Rich George Periolat Jack Richardson Louise Lester and Charles Morrison
 Chinnaraviryala is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh India. It falls under Hayathnagar mandal.
 Vuver is a crater on the surface of Uranus' moon Umbriel. It is estimated to be 98 km in diameter. The longitude and latitude of its center are 311.6° and −4.7° respectively.Vuver has a bright central peak which is one of the few bright albedo features on Umbriel that really stands out against Umbriel's low albedo.The crater is named after Vuver a Volga Finns evil spirit.
 The Review of Economics of the Household is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2001 by Shoshana Grossbard and first published in 2003. It covers research on household economics including empirical and theoretical research on the economic behavior and decision-making processes of single and multi-person households.
 This species may be confused with either the Gold Barb (P. semifasciolatus var. schuberti) or the Gold-finned Barb (P. sachsii).The Golden Barb or Golden Dwarf Barb (Pethia gelius) is a species of cyprinid fish native to inland waters in Asia and is found in Pakistan India and Bangladesh. It has also been introduced to waters in Colombia. It natively inhabits rivers and standing water with a silty bottom.
 Pteroplatidius octocostatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Pteroplatidius.
 Anjedan (Persian: انجدان‎ also Romanized as Anjedān; also known as Andījān Anjidān and Injadān) is a village in Amanabad Rural District in the Central District of Arak County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 446 in 154 families.
 George Mortimer Bibb (October 30 1776 – April 14 1859) was an American politician.
 Llan Ddu Fawr or Waen Claerddu is one of the highest summits in Ceredigion Wales at 594 metres (1949 ft). It is located about 10 miles south of Pumlumon. The surrounding land can be very boggy. There is a trig point at the summit but this is not the highest point.
 Maria Luiza Ribeiro Viotti (born on (1954-03-27)March 27 1954 in Belo Horizonte Brazil) is the Ambassador of Brazil to Germany. Viotti took office on 16 January 2013. Viotti was the Permanent Representative of Brazil to the United Nations from 2007 until 2013 and President of the United Nations Security Council for the month of February 2011. She is married to Eduardo Baumgratz Viotti and has a son.
 Jau Tithe Khau is a Marathi movie released on 8 February 2007. Produced by Meghraj Shahjirao Rajebhosle and directed by Abhay Kirti. The movie is based on the protagonist who is fed up of corruption everywhere and decides to teach everyone a lesson.
 Trishakti is a 1999 Indian Bollywood film directed by Madhur Bhandarkar. It stars Arshad Warsi Sharad Kapoor Milind Gunaji and Radhika in pivotal roles.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Afin Rural District Zohan District Zirkuh County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 346 in 76 families.
 The Strigoaia River is a tributary of the Izvorul Alb River in Romania.
 Straight Outta Cashville is the debut studio album by rapper Young Buck. It was released on August 24 2004 through G-Unit & Interscope.
 The Cosmic Scene is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington featuring a nonet credited as Duke Ellington's Spacemen recorded and released on the Columbia label in 1958. It was reissued by Mosaic Records in 2007.
 Rock Steady with Flo & Eddie was Flo & Eddie's last album as a duo released in 1981. It is a strait-laced collection of reggae songs recorded at Bob Marley's Tuff Gong Studios in Kingston Jamaica including a remake of the 1967 Turtles hit Happy Together. According to Allmusic the album was later re-released under the title Prince Flo & Jah Edward I.
 The Journal of Intellectual Disabilities is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of healthcare and nursing as related to intellectual disabilities. The journal's editor-in-chief is Owen Barr (Nursing Research Institute). It was established in 1997 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
 Stocks for the Long Run is a book on investing by Jeremy Siegel. Its first edition was released in 1994. Its fourth edition was released on November 27 2007. According to Pablo Galarza of Money His 1994 book Stocks for the Long Run sealed the conventional wisdom that most of us should be in the stock market. James K. Glassman financial columnist for The Washington Post called it one of the 10 best investment books of all time.
 Śmielnik [ˈɕmjɛlnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Izbica Kujawska 37 km (23 mi) south-west of Włocławek and 75 km (47 mi) south of Toruń.
 Henry W. Grady House commonly known as the Taylor-Grady House and also known as the General R. D. B. Taylor House or the Robert Taylor-Henry W. Grady House is a Greek Revival house built in 1840s in Athens Georgia. It was purchased by the father of Henry W. Grady in 1863. Henry W. Grady was editor of the Atlanta Constitution and a major figure in the recovery of the South after the Civil War.
 Lepidogma wiltshirei is a species of snout moths in the genus Lepidogma. It was described by Amsel in 1949 and is known from Iraq (including the type location Baghdad).
 Rova River (Russian: Рова) is a river in the center of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia. It is 75 km in length. The Rova River originates on the Keivy and flows into the Yokanga River. Its biggest tributary is the Kalmiyok.
 The Book of Tasty and Healthy Food (Книга о вкусной и здоровой пище Kniga o vkusnoi i zdorovoi pishche) is a Russian cookbook written by scientists from the Institute of Nutrition of the Academy of Medical Scientists of the USSR. The cookbook was first published in 1939 and a further edition was published in 1952.
 A Crescent Honeymoon is the first EP by San Francisco indie rock band Communiqué.
 Ullaste is a village in Hanila Parish Lääne County in western Estonia.
 The Breaking of Bumbo is a 1970 British comedy film written and directed by Andrew Sinclair a former Coldstream Guards National Service officer that was updated from his 1959 novel of the same name that featured the Suez Crisis. It starred Richard Warwick Joanna Lumley Jeremy Child and Edward Fox.
 Bodies' Warmth is the fourteenth album by saxophonist Eric Kloss which was recorded in 1975 and released on the Muse label.
 Rideau Correctional Centre was opened in 1947 as a minimum-security facility with an integrated farm where inmates could learn skills to be plied upon their release. It was decommissioned in 2004 and subsequently demolished in 2013.
 True is the first extended play (EP) by American recording artist Solange Knowles. It was released on November 27 2012 digitally through Terrible Records. It is Knowles' first release under the label after leaving her contract with Interscope in 2009. The entire EP is co-produced by longtime collaborator Dev Hynes.
 The Joseph Bell DeRemer House is a Dutch Colonial Revival style house located on Belmont Road in the Near Southside Historic District of Grand Forks North Dakota United States. The house was built in 1906 for the architect Joseph Bell DeRemer who designed the home himself.
 The Kasson Municipal Building also known as Old City Hall is a historic building located on Main Street in Kasson Minnesota United States. Built in 1917 it was designed by Purcell & Elmslie in the Prairie School style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. In 2005 a printing and copying business began operating in the building.
 Samuel Patterson House also known as the Drum House and Kozar House is a historic home located at Derry Township Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1846 and is a two-story five bay brick vernacular dwelling with Greek Revival style details. It has a gable roof and two 19th century Victorian porches supported by square columns.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The William Blacklock House built in 1800 is one of the United States' most important Adamesque houses. The house is two stories of brick on a high brick basement. The facade features a large lunette in the pediment openings in blind arches delicate tracery and a double flight of iron-railed steps.
 El Gráfico is a classic monthly Argentine sports magazine. It was originally published as a weekly newspaper in May 1919 and then turned to a sports magazine exclusively. It has been scheduled monthly from 2002. El Gráfico is one of the most regarded sports magazine not only in Argentina but in Latin America. The magazine was nicknamed La Biblia del deporte (The Bible of sports) due to its chronicles notable journalists and collaborators and its photography.
 Abbas Yazdani (Persian: عباس يزداني‎ also Romanized as ʿAbbās Yazdānī) is a village in Jarqavieh Sofla Rural District Jarqavieh Sofla District Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Duplicaria crakei is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 Milorad Pupovac (born 5 November 1955) is a Croatian politician and linguist of ethnic Serb descent. He is a member of Sabor and the president of the Serb National Council. He is also an observer at the European Parliament.
 Angelino Alfano (born 31 October 1970) is an Italian politician who has served in the government of Italy as minister of the interior since 28 April 2013. Previously he was deputy prime minister of Italy from 2013 to 2014 in the Letta Cabinet and served as minister of justice from 2008 to 2011 as part of the Berlusconi IV Cabinet.
 The arctic fox (Vulpes lagopus) also known as the white fox polar fox or snow fox is a small fox native to the Arctic regions of the Northern Hemisphere and is common throughout the Arctic tundra biome. It is well adapted to living in cold environments. It has a deep thick fur which is brown in summer and white in winter.
 Fauler See is a lake in Schwerin Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 39.5 m its surface area is 0.5 km².
 Taken is a 2008 English-language French action thriller film directed by Pierre Morel written by Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen and starring Liam Neeson Maggie Grace Leland Orser Jon Gries David Warshofsky Holly Valance Katie Cassidy Xander Berkeley Olivier Rabourdin Gérard Watkins and Famke Janssen.
 Krzewie Drugie [ˈkʂɛvjɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 The Canapiștea River is a tributary of the Pârâul Întors in Romania.
 Thomas Reid (April 18 1886 – October 12 1968) was a Canadian businessman and politician in the province of British Columbia.Reid was born in Cambuslang Scotland. In 1909 he moved to Canada and in 1911 married Mary Jeanie Masson also from Scotland. Together they raised a family of two sons and two daughters.
 The Deadly Duo is a 1971 Hong Kong Wuxia film directed by Chang Cheh and starring David Chiang and Ti Lung.
 Winton Wint Allen Winter Sr. (August 23 1930 – May 4 2013) was an American politician who served as a Republican member of the Kansas Senate attorney businessman rancher and athlete.Winter earned both a BA (1952) and JD (1956) at the University of Kansas. He also played football there. He married Nancy Morsbach they had five children. He served the United States Marine Corps as Captain in Korea.
 Zir Deh (Persian: زيرده‎ also Romanized as Zīr Deh) is a village in Dehshal Rural District in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 19 in 7 families.
 Holstre is a village in Viljandi Parish Viljandi County Estonia. It has a population of ~220.
 Kızılen is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province Turkey. At 36°42′N 34°05′E it is situated in a valley of a dry river bed. Its distance to Erdemli is 35 kilometres (22 mi) and to Mersin is 70 kilometres (43 mi) . The population of the village was 289 as of 2011. There are traces of ancient civizilations around the village. But the village was founded by a Turkmen tribe from Taşkale of Karaman Province.
 The Tragic Muse is a novel by Henry James first published as a serial in The Atlantic Monthly in 1889-1890 and then as a book in 1890. This wide cheerful panorama of English life follows the fortunes of two would-be artists: Nick Dormer who vacillates between a political career and his efforts to become a painter and Miriam Rooth an actress striving for artistic and commercial success. A huge cast of supporting characters help and hinder their pursuits.
 Sun Chariot (foaled 1939 in Ireland) was a good Thoroughbred racehorse that won the Fillies Triple Crown series of races.She was bred by the National Stud and raced for King George VI. Sun Chariot was a filly of great talent but very difficult temperament. Before she ever appeared on a racecourse she displayed such a lack of promise that she was nearly returned to Ireland where the stud then was.
 L'amour braque (English: Mad love) is a 1985 French romantic drama film directed by Andrzej Zulawski and starring Sophie Marceau Francis Huster and Tchéky Karyo. Inspired by Dostoyevsky's novel The Idiot the film is about a bank robber who meets a neurotic dreamer on his way to Paris whom he considers to be an idiot. The dreamer follows him everywhere and soon falls in love with his girlfriend resulting in a tragic ending.
 Alireza Novin (Persian: علیرضا نوین‎ born 27 February 1961) is the former Mayor of Tabriz Iran. He was elected as 54th Mayor of Tabriz on 15 December 2005 by City Council and was inaugurated as mayor on 1 January 2006 in Saat City Hall. He is graduated from Tabriz University in management.
 Craugastor ranoides is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is found in Costa Rica Nicaragua and Panama.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Fathabad (Persian: فتح اباد‎ also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Bam Rural District Bam and Safiabad District Esfarayen County North Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 237 in 63 families.
 NASN School Nurse is an American bimonthly peer-reviewed nursing journal that covers the field of school nursing. The editor-in-chief is Cynthia Galemore. It was established in 2001 and is currently published by Sage Publications in association with the American National Association of School Nurses.
 John Drought Lauder (January 26 1854 – 1934) was a Canadian territorial level politician rancher police officer civil servant and medical doctor. As a police officer for the North-West Mounted Police he saw active service during the North-West Rebellion. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of the North-West Territories from 1885 until 1888.
 Annals of the Former World is a book on geology written by John McPhee and published in 1998 by Farrar Straus and Giroux. It won the 1999 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction.The book presents a geological history of North America and was researched and written over the course of two decades beginning in 1978.
 Vascular Pharmacology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on all aspects of biology and pharmacology of the vascular system. It was established in 1970 as Comparative and General Pharmacology and renamed to General Pharmacology: The Vascular System in 1975 before obtaining its current name in 2002. The journal is published by Elsevier and the editor-in-chief is Raffaele De Caterina (University of Chieti).
 The St. Andrews Evangelical German Lutheran Church near Zeeland North Dakota United States was built in 1893 by Germans from Russia. Also known as St. Andrews Lutheran Parish District the historic area was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. The listing included four contributing buildings and one contributing site.The district includes the original 1893 church a 1906 church a parsonage and a cemetery.One work includes Colonial Revival architecture.
 Eurylomia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
 Acrocercops cirrhantha is a moth of the Gracillariidae family known from Guyana. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1915.
 Mount Bulla Bulla is a mountain in the Victorian Alps of the Great Dividing Range located within the Alpine National Park in the Australian state of Victoria.The mountain has an elevation of 906 metres (2972 ft) AMSL. The closest village is Thredbo New South Wales. At the base of the mountain the Deddick River forms its confluence with the Snowy River.
 The Seekers is a non-fiction work of cultural history by Daniel Boorstin published in 1998 (hardback - 1999 paperback) and is the third and final volume in the knowledge trilogy.
 Tarazu is an Indian action thriller film directed by Vimal Kumar and released in 1997. It stars Akshay Kumar Sonali Bendre and Mohnish Bahl.
 Your Vision Was Never Mine to Share is the third and last full-length studio album by Misery Loves Co..
 Mentats of Dune is a 2014 science fiction novel by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson set in the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert. It is the second book in their planned Great Schools of Dune prequel trilogy which itself is a sequel to their Legends of Dune trilogy.
 Madadgaar is a 1987 Indian Bollywood film directed by Ramesh Puri and produced by Nirmal Anand. It stars Jeetendra and Sulakshana Pandit in pivotal roles.
 Cipher in the Snow is a short story written by Jean Mizer about the death of an ostracized teenager. It was later made into a short film by Brigham Young University in 1973.
 Holy Fellowship Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal church built in 1886 near Greenwood on the Yankton Indian Reservation in Charles Mix County South Dakota in the United States. On June 5 1975 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Such a Long Journey (1998) is a film based on the novel of the same name written by Rohinton Mistry. It is directed by Sturla Gunnarsson from a screenplay by Sooni Taraporevala.
 Dennis Alan Ross (born October 18 1959) is an American politician who has been a member of the United States House of Representatives since 2011. A Republican from Florida his district was numbered as Florida's 12th congressional district during his first two years in Congress; it has been the 15th district since 2013.
 Kimi ni Todoke: From Me to You (君に届け lit. Reaching You) is a romance shōjo manga by Karuho Shiina. It has been published by Shueisha in Bessatsu Margaret since 2005 and collected in 18 tankōbon volumes as of January 2013. In 2008 it won the Best Shōjo Manga award in the 32nd Annual Kodansha Manga Award. The series was also nominated for the first Manga Taisho awards in 2008. Two anime adaptations of Kimi ni Todoke were aired in Japan produced by Production I.G.
 St. James Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Monkton Baltimore County Maryland US. It is a brick church that was constructed in 1755 with extensions added in the 18th 19th and 20th centuries. The bell tower dates from 1884. A cemetery surrounds the church enclosed by a stone wall. It is a vernacular interpretation of Georgian ecclesiastical architecture.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 John Winston Howard OM AC SSI (born 26 July 1939) was the 25th Prime Minister of Australia from 11 March 1996 to 3 December 2007. He is the second-longest serving Australian Prime Minister after Sir Robert Menzies.Howard was a member of the House of Representatives from 1974 to 2007 representing the Division of Bennelong New South Wales. He served as Treasurer in the Fraser government from 1977 to 1983.
 The Berlepsch's Canastero (Asthenes berlepschi) is a species of Ovenbird in the Furnariidae family.It is endemic to Bolivia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and rural gardens.It is threatened by habitat loss.The bird's common name and Latin binomial commemorate the German ornithologist and collector Hans von Berlepsch.
 Kate Ceberano and Friends is an album released by Mushroom Records in 1994.
 At Play in the Fields of the Lord is a 1965 novel by Peter Matthiessen. A film adapted from the book was made in 1991. A 2009 audiobook version was read by actor Anthony Heald.In a malarial outpost in the South American rain forest two misplaced gringos converge and clash. Martin Quarrier has come to convert the fearful and elusive Niaruna Indians to his brand of Christianity.
 Selishte is a village in Blagoevgrad Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is situated 11 kilometers west of Blagoevgrad on the road to Delčevo in Republic of Macedonia.
 Guarapero/Lost Blues 2 is the title of a 2000 album by Will Oldham. It is the second compilation of singles rarities and live performances after Lost Blues and Other Songs (1997). A third Oldham compilation Little Lost Blues was released in 2006.The lyrics of The Risen Lord an alternative version of which appeared on the 2004 EP Black/Rich Music are taken from a poem by D. H. Lawrence.
 Day Escape is the second full band release and EP by alternative rock band Air Dubai. The EP was released on October 25 2011 and produced by Sylvia Massy and Dwight Baker.
 James Jones House is a historic home located at Greensboro in Greene County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1879 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay I-plan brick dwelling in the Italianate style. A front porch in the Colonial Revival style was added about 1900 and a 1 1/2-story frame addition was built about 1950. The house features a shallow pitched roof with wide eaves and tall arched windows with raised brick crowns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Pahneh Kola-ye Jonubi (Persian: پهنه كلا جنوبي‎ also Romanized as Pahneh Kolā-ye Jonūbī) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District Kolijan Rostaq District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 446 in 119 families.
 Hypselodoris pinna is a species of colourful sea slug or dorid nudibranch a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
 Shivering Sherlocks is the 104th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Mallu Ravi is an Indian politician. He was a Member of Parliament in 13th Lok Sabha. He is Andhra Pradesh State Government's special representative in Delhi.
 Gregory A. Tucker (born August 3 1957 in Montgomery West Virginia) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the West Virginia Senate representing District 11 since January 2011.
 Billy and the Boingers Bootleg is the fifth collection of the comic strip series Bloom County by Berkeley Breathed. It was published in 1987.It is preceded by Bloom County Babylon and followed by Tales Too Ticklish to Tell.The book includes a flexi disc with two Billy and the Boingers songs: I'm A Boinger and U-Stink-But-I-♥-U. U-Stink-But-I-♥-U was performed by New Jersey hardcore band Mucky Pup who also rerecorded the song for their second album A Boy In A Man's World.
 Palaemnema melanota is a species of damselfly in family Platystictidae. It is endemic to Costa Rica. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Mathias River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows from its origins in three rivers (the North South and West Mathias Rivers) in the Southern Alps. Of these the North Mathias River is the longest flowing predominantly southwards from its source northeast of Mount Williams.
 Sarab-e Cheggeh (Persian: سرابچگه‎ also Romanized as Sarāb-e Cheggeh and Sarāb-e Chekkeh; also known as Chagha and Sarab Chakeh and Sarāb-e Chekkeh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Dowreh Rural District Chegeni District Dowreh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 779 in 168 families.
 An empty bliss beyond this World is an electronic music album from The Caretaker a project of musician James Kirby better known for his other project V/Vm. Pitchfork placed the album at number 22 on its list of the Top 50 albums of 2011 while Uncut placed it at number 47 on its list.
 Life Love & Hope is the sixth studio album by American rock band Boston. It was released on December 3 2013 by Frontiers Records making it their first studio album in eleven years. Life Love & Hope is the first Boston album to be released following the death of lead vocalist Brad Delp. Delp recorded vocals on the songs Didn't Mean to Fall in Love Sail Away Someone and Te Quiero Mia the last of which being a re-arrangement of I Had a Good Time from Corporate America.
 Mitrella noel is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Friends is a Gold-plus album recorded by Dionne Warwick her seventh for the Arista label. It was recorded during the fall of 1985 and was released that December. The LP was originally issued as number AL 8-8398 in the Arista Catalog. It stands as one of Warwick's most successful albums.
 The Journal of Psychology: Interdisciplinary and Applied is a bimonthly double-blind peer-review psychology journal published by Taylor & Francis. The Journal of Psychology was founded in 1935 by Carl Murchison an American psychologist organizer publisher and editor. He co-founded the Journal of Genetic Psychology the Journal of Social Psychology and the Journal of General Psychology among others.
 Pure Guava is Ween's third studio album and the first to be released on a major label.
 Andronov is a small lunar impact crater that lies across the southwest rim of the walled plain named Gagarin. It is located on the southern hemisphere of the far side of the Moon and can not be seen directly from the Earth. Just to the west of Andronov is the crater Levi-Civita.Andronov is a circular bowl-shaped formation with a small central floor. There is a tiny craterlet in the northern interior wall.
 Conus explorator is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Interkom Kom Ind is the third studio album by the Danish rock band Nephew. Four singles have been released from the album so far: Igen & igen & Science fiction & familien Mexico ligger i Spanien and Hospital in a live version featuring L.O.C.
 Aryabhata named after Indian astronomer Aryabhata (see picture) is the remnant of a lunar impact crater located in the eastern Mare Tranquillitatis. The crater has been almost submerged by lava-flow and now only an arc-shaped ridge formed from the eastern half of the rim remains above the lunar mare. This crater was previously identified as Maskelyne E before being named by the IAU.
 The Seattle Great Wheel is a giant Ferris wheel at Pier 57 on Elliott Bay in Seattle Washington United States. With an overall height of 175 feet (53.3 m) it became the tallest Ferris wheel on the west coast of the United States when it opened on June 29 2012.
 I Shall Exterminate Everything Around Me That Restricts Me from Being the Master is the fourth album by the Detroit rock band Electric Six.Music videos were made for the tracks Down at McDonnelzzz and Randy's Hot Tonight!.
 Juice TV: The Music Volume 01 is a New Zealand compilation album released in 2002 as part of a Juice TV album series.
 The Hodoș River is a tributary of the Egher River in Romania.
 Velamysta peninna is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.
 Vine ~ Bark & Spore (2000) is a collaborative album by ambient musicians Steve Roach and Jorge Reyes.There is a uniquely haunting ethereal atmosphere to this album. The music consists of tribal percussion and vocals textural electric guitar synthesizers and heavy reverb treatments.
 Carol Weston is an American politician from Maine. A Republican Weston was a member of the Maine House of Representatives from 1998-2002 and a State Senator from 2002-2010. She is a resident of Montville Maine in Waldo County. Unable to run for re-election due to term-limits Weston was hired as state director for Americans for Prosperity a conservative national advocacy group.
 Tsar (Russian: Царь) is a 2009 Russian drama film directed by Pavel Lungin. It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.
 The House on the Rock originally opened in 1959 is a complex of architecturally unique rooms streets gardens and shops designed by Alex Jordan Jr. It is located north of Dodgeville a city in Iowa County south of Spring Green Wisconsin and is a regional tourist attraction.
 Shekar Cheshmeh (Persian: شكرچشمه‎) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District in the Central District of Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 45 in 9 families.
 Sir Sidney George Holland GCMG CH (18 October 1893 – 5 August 1961) was the 25th Prime Minister of New Zealand from 13 December 1949 to 20 September 1957.
 Naked Economics: Undressing the Dismal Science is a book by Charles Wheelan that seeks to translate basic economic issues into a format that can be easily read by people with little or no previous knowledge of economics.
 Le Mot de passe (Eng: The Password) is an album recorded by the French singer Patricia Kaas. It was her fifth successful studio album and was released in 1999. It was well charted in many countries including France and Belgium.
 Alive II is the second live album (and eighth overall) by American hard rock and heavy metal band Kiss released in 1977. The band had released three albums (Destroyer Rock and Roll Over and Love Gun) since the previous live outing the seminal 1975 release Alive! and the band drew upon the variety of new tracks with Eddie Kramer producing.
 Swinside is a hill in the northwestern area of the English Lake District. It is small wooded and surrounded by much bigger and more popular fells meaning it is often overlooked. Alfred Wainwright for instance failed to include it in his pictorial guides to fells in the Lake District. Unlike many of its grander neighbours Swinside is a Marilyn as a result of being surrounded by a moat of low boggy ground.
 Moti or Motir is a volcanic island in the western side of Halmahera island Indonesia. The 5 km wide island is surrounded by coral reefs. Its summit is truncated and the volcano contains a crater at the southwest side.It is governed as the Municipality (kecamatan) of Moti within the City (kota) of Ternate.
 The small hive beetle (Aethina tumida) is a beekeeping pest.Endemic to sub-Saharan Africa the small hive beetle Aethina tumida was first discovered in the United States in 1996 and has now spread to many U.S. states including Georgia South Carolina North Carolina Michigan Pennsylvania New Jersey Ohio Illinois Minnesota Maryland Missouri New York Connecticut Virginia and Hawaii. The small hive beetle has become established in the state of Texas as well.
 Starring Steve Alaimo is Steve Alaimo's fifth album and first for the label of ABC-Paramount.
 Elsa Fornero (born 7 May 1948) is an Italian politician who served as Minister of Labor Social Policies and Gender Equality in the Monti cabinet from November 2011 to April 2013.
 The Huddersfield Royal Infirmary is a hospital situated in the English town of Huddersfield part of Calderdale and Huddersfield NHS Foundation Trust. It is situated in the suburb of Lindley and provides general services emergency services and some specialist services.The Huddersfield Royal Infirmary originally had its own School of Nursing.
 fab was a Canadian magazine which targeted the gay community publishing biweekly issues in Toronto Ontario from 1994 to 2013. It published alternate weeks to the city's other biweekly gay publication Xtra!. The publication’s official spelling uses a lower-case F: fab.
 The Wolf Worlds is the second book of Chris Bunch and Allan Cole's The Sten Adventures.
 Devaguptam is situated in East Godavari district in Allavaram in Andhra Pradesh State.
 The church of the Santissimo Nome di Maria e degli Angeli Custodi commonly known as the Church of the Scuole Pie is a church in central Genoa located a few metres away from the Cathedral of Genoa.The church was built on property belonging to the community of Piarist or Scolopi fathers (members of the Order of Poor Clerics Regular of the Mother of God of the Pious Schools who had come to the city to establish a school from the town of Savona in the 16th century.
 New Union Old Glory is a 2001 Lookout! Records release by Ann Beretta.
 The D'Iberville Apartments is a complex of historic apartment buildings located in Mobile Alabama. They were built in 1943 to the designs of architects Harry Pembleton and Aurelius Augustus Evans. They were constructed in a Minimal Traditionalist style of architecture and are notable for their significance to the community planning and development of Mobile during World War II a time of tremendous growth in the city.
 The Very Best of Dwight Yoakam is a compilation album of songs recorded by country music artist Dwight Yoakam. Certified gold by the RIAA the album comprises twenty hit singles from his career.
 Myna (Kannada: ಮೈನಾ) is a 2013 Kannada romantic drama film written and directed by Nagashekar. Based on a real-life incident the film was produced by N. S. Rajkumar for Vajreshwari Combines. Chetan Kumar and Nithya Menon played the lead roles. Jassie Gift is the music director for the film.
 The William Andrew House also known as the Richard Bryan House or the Bryan-Andrew House is located at 131 Old Tavern Road in Orange Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.It was built about 1750 for the Bryan family early settlers in North Milford. This area was known as Bryan's Farms. The house includes a finely detailed front cornice feather-edged sheathing and hand-split lath laboriously installed without nails.
 Simonds Tavern is an historic tavern building on 331 Bedford Street in Lexington Massachusetts. The first portion of the building was built c. 1794 by Joshua Simonds who also ran a tavern near Fiske Hill. He began operating a tavern at this site in 1802 and enlarged the building 1810 after Bedford Street was cut through the area. The building has well-preserved Federal details.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. It is now residences.
 Al Marabi is a village in Jizan Province in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
 Red Storm Rising is a 1986 techno-thriller novel by Tom Clancy about a Third World War in Europe between NATO and Warsaw Pact forces set around the mid-1980s. Though there are other novels dealing with a fictional World War III this one is notable for the way in which numerous settings for the action—from Atlantic convoy duty to shooting down reconnaissance satellites to tank battles in Germany—all have an integral part to play on the outcome.
 The Parker House is an historic house at 316 Haven Street in Reading Massachusetts. It is a well-preserved Queen Anne/Stick style cottage with unusual high style features for a relatively modest house size. Its front gable end is embellished with Stick style woodwork resembling half-timbering and the wraparound porch is supported by basket-handle brackets.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Abyss is a Star Trek: Deep Space Nine novel written by David Weddle and Jeffrey Lang. It is part of the Star Trek: Section 31 miniseries and forms an early part of the Star Trek: Deep Space Nine relaunch developing some of the characters and plot lines introduced in the preceding Avatar books 1 and 2.
 The Bishop's Palace and accompanying Bishops House at Wells in the English county of Somerset is adjacent to Wells Cathedral and has been the home of the Bishops of the Diocese of Bath and Wells for 800 years. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.Building of the palace started around 1210 by Bishops Jocelin of Wells and Reginald Fitz Jocelin. The chapel and great hall were added by Bishop Robert Burnell between 1275 and 1292.
 Hapleginella is a genus of fly in the family Chloropidae.
 Milk and Honey is an album credited to John Lennon and Yoko Ono released in 1984. It is Lennon's eighth and final studio album and the first posthumous release of Lennon's music having been recorded in the last months of his life during and following the sessions for their 1980 album Double Fantasy. It was assembled by Yoko Ono in association with the Geffen label.
 The Sign of Four is a 1932 British crime film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Arthur Wontner Ian Hunter and Graham Soutten. The film is based on Arthur Conan Doyle's second Sherlock Holmes story The Sign of the Four and was made at Ealing Studios.The film is also known as The Sign of Four: Sherlock Holmes' Greatest Case.A young woman needs Sherlock Holmes for protection when she's tormented by an escaped killer.
 Live in Concert is a live album by the Irish folk group Clannad which was released in 2005. It features new versions of material from across the band's catalogue as far back as their 1973 debut album. Songs originally released in their simplest acoustic form are now performed here with brand new full band arrangements. In A Lifetime features a duet with former Riverdance singer Brian Kennedy.
 The Scent of the Night (Italian: L'odore della notte) is a 1998 Italian crime-drama film directed by Claudio Caligari. It is loosely based on the novel Le notti di arancia meccanica by Dido Sacchettoni.The film premiered at the 1998 Venice Film Festival. It was nominated to three Nastro d'Argento Awards.
 Edna Elias (born c. 1955) is a Canadian politician from Kugluktuk Nunavut.
 A Dill Pickle is a 1917 short story by Katherine Mansfield. It was first published in the New Age on 4 October 1917 under the title of An Album Leaf. A revised version later appeared in Bliss and Other Stories.
 Lingua: An International Review of General Linguistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal of general linguistics that was established in 1949 and is published by Elsevier. Its current editor-in-chief is Johan Rooryck (Leiden University).
 Acrobasis coryliella is a species of snout moths in the genus Acrobasis. It was described by Dyar in 1908 and is known from the eastern United States.The is one generation per year.The larvae feed on Corylus species. The larvae construct a frass tube on the undersurface of a leaf of the host plant. Pupation takes place in a pupal chamber which is constructed at the end of the tube.
 Temple is a thriller novel written by Australian author Matthew Reilly and first published in 1999. Like Reilly's other books Temple's major attractions are the fast pace and the complexity of the action scenes.At the time of publication Reilly hinted at the possibility of a sequel starring the same protagonist Professor William Race but the release of such a book has never been officially confirmed.
 The Interpretation of Murder published in 2006 is Jed Rubenfeld's first novel. The book is written in the first person perspective of Dr. Stratham Younger supposedly an American psychoanalyst. Other events where he is not present he is informed upon so that he has enough knowledge to write and comment on them.
 A Hero Ain't Nothin' but a Sandwich is a 1978 film directed by Ralph Nelson. The screenplay was written by Alice Childress based on her novel of the same name. It was shot on location in South Central Los Angeles. It was Nelson's last film before his death.
 Torremolinos 73 is a 2003 Spanish/Danish comedy film directed by Pablo Berger.
 Catalog 3 is an album by the Scottish duo Boards of Canada. Currently it is the earliest known recording by the group. The album was originally released only as a cassette in 1987. While this release is not currently available to the general public album artwork and the track listing for Catalog 3 were once available from Boards of Canada's official website. It is unknown if there exists a Catalog 1 or 2.
 Wednesday the Rabbi Got Wet is a mystery novel written by Harry Kemelman in 1976 one of the Rabbi Small series.
 The Rose Vol. 2 is a 2005 album of Tupac Shakur's poetry. This album features recordings of Tupac's poetry in musical form by other well-known artists such Ludacris and Bone Thugs n Harmony. Tupac's poems are quoted sung or simply used as inspiration for each track on this album. This is the second Tupac album containing poetry that has been released; the first The Rose that Grew from Concrete contains Tupac's poems being read and sung by other musical performers.
 Qeshlaq-e Qirlu (Persian: قشلاق قيرلو‎ also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qīrlū) is a village in Gowg Tappeh Rural District in the Central District of Bileh Savar County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 22 in 8 families.
 Janmeja Singh Sekhon is an Indian politician and belongs to the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal. He is Minister for Irrigation in the present Punjab Government. He has been holding this post since 2007.
 Parshva Bhoomi is a Marathi daily published from Beed.Parshva Bhoomi is one of the most widely read Marathi dailies in Beed today.Parshva Bhoomi was the one of the Marathi-language dailies to take the internet route to reach a worldwide Marathi audience with its internet edition epaper which is an exact copy of its print edition circulated locally.
 La sangre manda (The Call of the Blood) is a 1933 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Firelands Regional Medical Center (formally known as Firelands Community Hospital) is a 227-bed not-for-profit medical center in Sandusky Ohio United States. The medical center had 9678 admissions 3162 inpatient procedures 7704 outpatient surgeries and its emergency department had 47208 visits. Firelands Regional Medical Center is the only hospital in Erie County serving more than 10000 inpatients and over 45000 ER patients annually and is the largest year-round employer.
 La Moustache (in English The Moustache) is a French film from 2005 directed by Emmanuel Carrère and starring Vincent Lindon and adapted from Carrère's own novel. The film features music from Philip Glass. The film was awarded the Label Europa Cinemas prize at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival and is currently distributed theatrically in the United States by the Cinema Guild with a DVD release handled by Koch-Lorber Films.
 Gypsy Rizka is a light-hearted novel by Lloyd Alexander about a girl who survives purely on her own wit.
 Heartbeats and Brainwaves is the eighth album by Detroit rock band Electric Six. It was released on October 11 2011. It was released as a CD digital download and a colored double vinyl set which is sold at the band's live shows. A video for Psychic Visions starring Dick Valentine and directed by Justin J. Lowe was uploaded on April 30 2012 marking the band's first video for three years.
 II Trill is the second studio album by UGK member Bun B. It was released on May 20 2008 by Rap-a-Lot Records and Asylum Records.The album is the follow-up to his successful debut album Trill. It was mentioned that after the death of his lifelong friend and companion Pimp C due in part to an accidental overdose he is likely to ban the syrup talk on his new CD. The album was originally set to be released on April 29 2008 but was pushed back to May 20.
 Ayaash is a 1982 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Shakti Samanta. It stars Sanjeev Kumar and Rati Agnihotri in pivotal roles.
 The Cathedral of St. John in the Wilderness in Denver Colorado is the seat of the bishop and the cathedral of the Episcopal Diocese of Colorado and part of the Episcopal Church in the United States. Construction began in 1909 the first service held in the cathedral in 1911 and it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Conus hyaena common name the hyena cone is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae the cone snails and their allies.These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of stinging humans therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
 Akustichesky Albom (Russian: Акустический Альбом lit. Acoustic Album) is an album of the Russian rock group Korol i Shut released in 1999. At the core of the album is poured acoustic music most of the songs on the theme of love lyrics.
 Glenn Moniz (born September 8 1944 in Laramie Wyoming) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing District 46 since January 2009.
 Chip Lake is a large lake in west-central Alberta. The Lobstick River flows through the lake. It in turn is a tributary of the Pembina River which eventually flows into the Athabasca River.Poison Creek flows into the north-west corner of Chip Lake. It drains Beta Lake and Sunset Lake. Prior to entering Chip Lake the Lobstick River takes on Brule and Little Brule Creeks.The Yellowhead passes along the south shore of Chip Lake.
 The Knut Erikson Three-Decker is a historic triple decker apartment building at 19 Stanton Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built c.
 Al-Samra (Arabic: السمرة‎) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Tiberias Subdistrict. It was depopulated during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine on April 21 1948. It was located 10 km southeast of Tiberias.In 1945 the village had a population of 290. The village had a mosque and several khirbas including Khirbat al-Tawafiq and Khirbat Duwayraban.
 The John Olness House is a house in Kragnes Township Clay County Minnesota just north of Moorhead on U.S. Route 75. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as an example of a link between the farm communities and the farm-related businesses in Clay County. The architecture shows influences of the Queen Anne style which stands out in Clay County because most buildings were in the local vernacular style.
 Evolution's Darling is a science fiction novel by Scott Westerfeld.Darling is an artificial intelligence in search of an artist.
 María Consuelo Araújo Castro (born 27 October 1971) is a Colombian politician. In 2006 she was appointed Minister of Foreign Relations of the government of President Álvaro Uribe Vélez. She had previously served as Minister of Culture from 2002 to 2006.
 The Knoxville Register was an American newspaper published primarily in Knoxville Tennessee during the 19th century. Founded in 1816 the paper was East Tennessee's dominant newspaper until 1863 when its pro-secession editor Jacob Austin Sperry (1823–1896) was forced to flee advancing Union forces at the height of the Civil War. Sperry continued to sporadically publish the Register in Atlanta and later Bristol until he was finally captured by Union forces in December 1864.Frederick S.
 Tim Gay (born July 9 1964) is a member of the Nebraska Legislature from Papillion Nebraska.
 Squeeze Play is an Ultra High Fidelity monaural phonographic album (331⁄3 RPM) which was released on the Dot Records label in 1956 (DLP-3024)[1] featuring the artistry of John Serry Sr. It includes an original composition by Mr. Serry classical works and popular music of the era. Ben Selvin serves as the musical director/producer for the album. The works were arranged by Mr.
 Norman Wesley Norm Sanderson Jr. (born July 7 1951) is a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's third House district including constituents in Craven and Pamlico counties. He defeated incumbent Representative Alice Graham Underhill in the 2010 general election.Sanderson is seeking the North Carolina Senate District Two seat currently held by retiring Republican Jean Preston.
 The Mount Afdem are a mountain range in Ethiopia. With an average elevation of 2062 metres (6765 ft).
 Javier González Fraga (born May 12 1948) is an Argentine economist and businessman. He served as President of the Central Bank of Argentina from 1989 to 1991 and was nominated as running-mate by Ricardo Alfonsín for his 2011 campaign for the Presidency.
 Abilene Town is a 1946 western film directed by Edwin L. Marin. The film stars Randolph Scott Ann Dvorak Lloyd Bridges Rhonda Fleming and Edgar Buchanan. The movie is set in the Old West years immediately following the Civil War in the cattle town of Abilene Kansas.
 Stapar (Serbian Cyrillic: Стапар) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Sombor municipality in the West Bačka District Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 3720 people (2002 census).
 The Mary Ray Memorial School now the Raymond Community Center is located on Raymond Sheddan Avenue in Raymond Georgia. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 23 2013. The school was founded in 1908 as a one room school house. When the school opened it had around 30 students. In 1909 there was around 70 students and a wing was added.
 The Belgravia Hotel also known as Peale House is a historic building in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was listed on the Philadelphia Register of Historic Places on June 3 1982.The building was formerly the site of a hotel but has been developed into condominiums.Famous former residents include violist William Primrose and violinist Efrem Zimbalist.
 The James A. Byrne United States Courthouse is a Federal courthouse in the Center City region of Philadelphia. The court houses the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. It is located at 601 Market Street between N. 6th and N. 7th Streets next to Independence Mall. The building is named after James A. Byrne a former Democrat in the U.S.
 General Quarters (foaled March 7 2006 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was a contender for the 2009 U.S. Triple Crown. He was sired by Sky Mesa winner of the 2002 Grade I Hopeful Stakes a son of the 1997 Blue Grass Stakes winner Pulpit. His dam is Ecology a daughter of the 1995 Breeders' Cup Juvenile winner Unbridled's Song.He is owned and trained by 75-year-old Tom McCarthy a retired high school teacher and principal.
 Gol-e Tut (Persian: گل توت‎ also Romanized as Gol-e Tūt) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District in the Central District of Zarand County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Jungle Book is a 1967 American animated film produced by Walt Disney Productions. Inspired by the Rudyard Kipling's book of the same name it is the 19th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. Directed by Wolfgang Reitherman it was the last to be produced by Walt Disney who died during its production.
 The Aruã River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Toplița River is a tributary of the Suceviţa River in Romania.
 Ukraine in Flames (Russian: Битва за нашу Советскую Украину translit. Bitva za nashu Sovetskuyu Ukrainu lit. Battle for our Soviet Ukraine) is a 1943 Soviet documentary war film by Ukrainian director Alexander Dovzhenko and Yuliya Solntseva. It is Dovzhenko's second World War II documentary and dealt with the Battle of Kharkov. The film incorporates German footage of the invasion of Ukraine which was later captured by the Soviets.
 The Canyon is a 2009 thriller film written by Steve Allrich and directed by Richard Harrah.
 Brachydectes is an extinct genus of lysorophian amphibian that lived from the Carboniferous. It had a very small head (skull length about 1.7 cm) and an elongated body up to 43 cm long.
 The Amazons was a 1917 American silent comedy film directed by Joseph Kaufman and starred Marguerite Clark Elsie Lawson and Helen Greene. The film was based on the 1883 play of the same name by Sir Arthur Wing Pinero and adapted for the screen by Frances Marion. It was produced and distributed by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures under the Famous Players-Lasky name. The film is now presumed lost.
 The Leicester Mercury is a British regional newspaper for the city of Leicester and the counties of Leicestershire and Rutland. The paper began in the 19th century as the Leicester Daily Mercury and later changed to the present title.
 The Sky Tower is an observation and telecommunications tower located on the corner of Victoria and Federal Streets in the Auckland CBD Auckland City New Zealand. It is 328 metres (1076 ft) tall as measured from ground level to the top of the mast making it the tallest free-standing structure in the Southern Hemisphere. Due to its shape and height especially when compared to the next tallest structures it has become an iconic structure in Auckland's skyline.
 Goodbye and Hello is the second album by Tim Buckley released in August 1967 recorded in Los Angeles California in June of the same year.The album was later re-released on January 22 2001 in a compilation with debut album Tim Buckley by WEA/Elektra.In 2005 a 180 gram version of the LP was released on the label Four Men With Beards and is being distributed by City Hall Records.
 Joseph Travis Johnson (February 28 1858 - May 8 1919) was a United States Representative and federal judge from South Carolina. He was born in Brewerton South Carolina. He attended the common schools and was graduated from Erskine College Due West South Carolina in 1879. He received an LL.B. from Vanderbilt University in 1883. He taught school for several years. Later he studied law and he was admitted to the bar in 1883.
 Koroivonu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Bishop Manor Estate is a historic estate near St. Elmo in rural Mobile County Alabama United States. Contributing to the National Register of Historic Places listing are a main house a five bay garage a guest house two outbuildings a swimming pool and a pavilion. Spread over a formally landscaped 7 acres (2.8 ha) the Mediterranean Revival style estate was built in 1925 by Steven Bishop. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 14 1985.
 Surrender is the debut studio album by R&B group Kut Klose. It was released on March 14 1995 through Elektra Records and was mostly produced by the group's mentor Keith Sweat. The album was met with mild commercial success making it to three Billboard charts including 66 on the Billboard 200. Three singles were released from the album.
 Motycz Leśny [ˈmɔtɨt͡ʂ ˈlɛɕnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 I'm Free is the 6th and the last for now solo album by guitarist/singer/songwriter Ray Parker Jr.. He made a comeback after 15 years of absence with this album released from his own independent record company called Raydio Music Inc.. The record was released in 2006 and included the song Mexico.
 Utetheisa assamica is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by de Vos in 2007. It is found in India (Assam).
 Night at the Crossroads (French: La Nuit du carrefour) is a 1932 film by Jean Renoir based on the novel of the same title (known in English as Maigret at the Crossroads) by Georges Simenon and starring Renoir's brother Pierre Renoir as Simenon's popular detective Inspector Maigret.The French director Jacques Becker then apprenticed to Renoir worked as assistant director and production manager on the film.
 John Alexander MacPherson (15 October 1833 – 17 February 1894) Australian colonial politician was the 7th Premier of Victoria.MacPherson was born at his father's property of Springbank on the Limestone Plains in New South Wales (the present site of Canberra): he was the first Premier of Victoria born in Australia. His father was a Scottish Presbyterian pastoralist.
 Asura sagittaria is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Charles Manson Superstar is a documentary film about Charles Manson directed by Nikolas Schreck in 1989.Most of the documentary (the entire interview) was filmed inside San Quentin Prison. Schreck and Zeena narrated the segments while images were shown and music played in the background. There was brief footage of Spahn Ranch and a short clip of James M. Mason being interviewed about the Universal Order and Manson.
 Dinan (Persian: دينان‎ also Romanized as Dīnān; also known as Darīnān and Dīnān Qahāb) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 285 in 87 families.
 The Defence of the Realm: The Authorized History of MI5 published in the United States as Defend the Realm is an authorised history of the British Security Service (MI5) written by historian Christopher Andrew. Andrew was commissioned in December 2002 to write the history for MI5's 100th anniversary in 2009 and was given virtually unrestricted access to much of MI5's files as well as no restriction on whatever conclusions he decided to draw from them.
 K. Raghupati Bhat was a member of the legislative assembly (M.L.A ) of Karnataka state. He was elected from Udupi constituency in the election held in 2004. The Udupi constituency number is 146. After delimitation exercise carried out in the year 2008 by Election commission of India The Udupi assembly constituency number has changed to 120. He belongs to Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He started as a member of BJP.
 Allure is a U.S. women’s beauty magazine published monthly by Conde Nast in New York City. It was founded in 1991 by editor in chief Linda Wells who has been at the helm of the magazine ever since. A signature of the magazine is its annual Best of Beauty awards—accolades given in the October issue to beauty products deemed the best by magazine staff.
 Attila Gelencsér (born January 14 1968) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) for Kaposvár (Somogy County Constituency II) since 2010.He is the current President of the Somogy County Government since 2006. Gelencsér is a member of the Committee on Human Rights Minority Civic and Religious Affairs since May 14 2010.
 The Guadeloupe Blind Snake or Guadeloupe Worm Snake (Typhlops guadeloupensis) is a species of blind snake that is endemic to Guadeloupe located in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles. It is fairly widespread on the main islands of Basse-Terre and Grande-Terre but is not recorded on the other Guadeloupean islands.It is sometimes described as an endemic subspecies of Typhlops dominicanus with a sister subspecies T. d. dominicanus present on Dominica.
 Pseudotaphoxenus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pseudotaphoxenus abnormalis Jedlicka 1961 Pseudotaphoxenus acutithorax Casale 1988 Pseudotaphoxenus afghanus Jedlicka 1961 Pseudotaphoxenus angusticollis Fischer von Waldheim 1823 Pseudotaphoxenus aralensis Kabak 2009 Pseudotaphoxenus basilewskyi Casale 1988 Pseudotaphoxenus benesi Casale & Sciaky 1999 Pseudotaphoxenus blumenthali Casale 1982 Pseudotaphoxenus brevipennis Semenov 1889 Pseudotaphoxenus brucei Andrewes 1930 Pseudotaphoxenus cavazzutii Casale & Sciaky 1999 Pseudotaphoxenus cavicollis Sciaky & Pavesi 1997 Pseudotaphoxenus chevrieri Fairmaire 1888 Pseudotaphoxenus chinensis Jedlicka 1953 Pseudotaphoxenus collaris Schaufuss 1865 Pseudotaphoxenus csikii Jedlicka 1953 Pseudotaphoxenus dauricus Fischer von Waldheim 1823 Pseudotaphoxenus dignus Vereschagina 1988 Pseudotaphoxenus dissors Semenov 1891 Pseudotaphoxenus dostali Casale 1988 Pseudotaphoxenus elegantulus Sciaky & Pavesi 1997 Pseudotaphoxenus fassatii Jedlicka 1952 Pseudotaphoxenus ferghanensis Vereschagina & Kabak 1996 Pseudotaphoxenus gansuensis Jedlicka 1953 Pseudotaphoxenus ghilarovi Vereschagina 1988 Pseudotaphoxenus giorgiofiorii Casale & Vereschagina 1986 Pseudotaphoxenus gracilicornis J. 
 This article is about the album by Tiësto. For its title track see In My Memory (song).In My Memory is the first solo CD produced by trance artist DJ Tiësto released on April 15 2001 (see 2001 in music). This CD featured the vocals of Jan Johnston Nicola Hitchcock and Kirsty Hawkshaw. Junkie XL produced Obsession on this CD. This CD produced 5 major hits that launched Tiësto's career. The singles were Dallas 4PM Flight 643 Obsession Lethal Industry and Suburban Train.
 Thaamirabharani (Tamil: தாமிரபரணி) is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language film written and directed by Hari. The film stars Vishal newcomer Muktha(Bhanu) Prabhu Vijayakumar Nadhiya and Nassar in lead roles. The score and soundtrack are composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 Tucker Lake is a lake in Beaver Bank NS which is north of Bedford and Halifax The lake lies next to Beaver Bank Road in Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Gornja Toponica is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 60 people.It the site of a mental institution that houses about 1000 patients.
 Aaj Ki Dhara is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Mukul Dutt. The film stars Danny Denzongpa.
 The Jacutinga River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Empire Mall is a shopping mall in Sioux Falls South Dakota USA. Opened in 1975 the mall comprises more than 140 tenants (180 including carts kiosks hotels ATMs grocery stores and surrounding outdoor retail which can vary by season) in 1341202 square feet (124601.7 m2) of retail space including four anchor stores (JCPenney Macy's Sears and Younkers) and a food court. Empire Mall is a huge tourist attraction in South Dakota with more than seven million visitors annually.
 Scopula napariata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Brazil and Colombia.
 Black on Both Sides is the debut album of American rapper Mos Def now known as Yasiin Bey released October 12 1999 on Rawkus Records. Prior to the album's recording Mos Def had collaborated with rapper Talib Kweli for the duo's studio album Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star (1998) which raised high expectations for a solo effort. Black on Both Sides features an emphasis on live instrumentation and socially conscious lyrics.
 The Willow Pattern is a gong'an detective novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty). It is a fiction based on the real character of Judge Dee (Ti Jen-chieh or Di Renjie) a magistrate and statesman of the Tang court who lived roughly 630–700.As the author says in a postscript the use of the Willow Pattern as a motif in the book was a conscious anachronism. The book features 15 illustrations by the author.
 Zinme Yazawin (Burmese: ဇင်းမယ် ရာဇဝင် lit. Chronicle of Chiang Mai) is an 18th-century Burmese chronicle that covers the history of Lan Na under Burmese rule (1558–1775). The first English translation of the chronicle was published in 2003.
 Simon Lewis OBE (born 8 May 1959) is the chief executive of the Association for Financial Markets in Europe. He was formerly Director of Communications for the former Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown. He previously held this position for the Queen Vodafone and Centrica.
 Fort Stanwix National Monument is a United States National Historic Site in Rome New York managed by the National Park Service (NPS). The current fort is a reconstruction of the historic Fort Stanwix occupying approximately 16 acres (6.5 ha) of downtown Rome.
 The Moment Before is a 1916 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick. It was produced by Famous Players Film Company and directed by Robert G. Vignola. The film is based on the play The Moment of Death by Israel Zangwill.A 35mm nitrate copy of the film is housed at the Cineteca Nazionale film archive in Rome. The print is missing one sequence described as the opening scene before the flashback.
 Trembling Before G-d is an 2001 American documentary film about gay and lesbian Orthodox Jews trying to reconcile their sexuality with their faith. It was directed by Sandi Simcha DuBowski an American who wanted to compare Orthodox Jewish attitudes to homosexuality with his own upbringing as a gay Conservative Jew.The film won seven awards but some Orthodox Jews criticized it.
 The Râul Răchițelii is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 William Levering School is a historic school building located in the Roxborough neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1894-1896 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay stone building with a hipped roof in the Colonial Revival-style. A three-story brick and stone Art Deco style addition designed by Irwin T. Catharine was built in 1928-1929.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Izvorul Lerescu River or Rudărița River is a headwater of the Bârsa Groșetului River in Romania.
 Neurochemical Research is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering neurochemistry. It was established in 1976 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Arne Schousboe (University of Copenhagen).
 Monoplex trigonus common name the Trigonal Hairy Triton is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.
 Neverita delessertiana is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae the moon snails.N. delessertiana was long considered to be merely a form of the much more common and much more widely distributed species Neverita duplicata. In 2006 a paper was published which made it clear that Neverita delessertiana is a different species than N. duplicata.
 Suntop Lookout (also Sun Top) is located on Suntop Mountain in Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest in central Washington USA. The fire lookout is at an elevation of about 5270 feet (1610 m) overlooking the valleys of the White River and Huckleberry Creek just to the north of Mount Rainier National Park. Built to standard U.S. Forest Service plans the one-story ground-level lookout measures fourteen by fourteen feet.
 The Cebu Metropolitan Cathedral is the ecclesiastical seat of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Cebu in Cebu Philippines. Cebu was established as a diocese on August 14 1595. It was elevated as a metropolitan archdiocese on April 28 1934 with the dioceses of Dumaguete Maasin Tagbilaran and Talibon as suffragans.Construction of the cathedral took many years due to frequent interruptions brought about by lack of funds and other unexpected events.
 Houses at 76-96 Harvard Avenue are historic houses at 76-96 Harvard Avenue in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Selenodes is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
 The Nacimiento River is a 64.8-mile-long (104.3 km) river in southern Monterey County and northern San Luis Obispo County California. A large portion of the river's run is on military reservations. The river's upper reaches are inside Fort Hunter Liggett Lake Nacimiento is in the middle and the lower reaches are inside Camp Roberts. It is the largest tributary of the Salinas River in terms of streamflow.
 Struganik is a village situated in Mionica municipality in Serbia.
 Notes and Queries is a long-running quarterly scholarly journal that publishes short articles related to English language and literature lexicography history and scholarly antiquarianism. Its emphasis is on the factual rather than the speculative.
 Singaravelu Thandayuthapani (Tamil: சிங்காரவேலு தண்டாயுதபாணி; born 7 August 1950) is a Sri Lankan Tamil teacher civil servant politician and current leader of the opposition on the Eastern Provincial Council.
 Mount Storm Lake – also known as New Stony River Reservoir – is a 1200 acres (4.9 km2) reservoir created in 1965 on the Stony River in Grant County West Virginia.Mount Storm Lake serves as a cooling pond for the Dominion 1.6 gigawatt Mount Storm Power Station which provides electricity to more than two million customers in Northern Virginia. The reservoir stands at an altitude of 3244 feet (989 m).
 Moon River: The Very Best of Andy Williams is a compilation album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released on October 13 2009. A note from Williams inside the CD booklet explains that the album was put together to coincide with my memoir Moon River and Me published by Viking/Penguin. It includes many of the songs that you made hits.
 Bless the Weather is a 1971 album by John Martyn and marks his return as a solo artist having released two albums with his wife Beverley Martyn. When it was released it garnered his best reviews to date and remains a firm favourite among fans featuring such standards as Head and Heart and the title track.
 Waiter Scarper! (Czech: Vrchní prchni!) is a 1981 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Ladislav Smoljak. It is also known in English as 'Run Waiter Run!'.
 The Pârâul Ruzii is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Dana-Palmer House is an historic house at 12-16 Quincy Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built in 1822 and is basically Federal in its styling although it has a Greek Revival porch. The house was built on land belonging to the Dana family and was occupied by Richard Henry Dana Sr. among others before its acquisition by Harvard University in 1835.
 Still Life with Guitar is the fourteenth studio album by Kevin Ayers. It found him consolidating his 1988 return-to-form Falling Up with a collection of largely acoustic songs that many critics regarded as being equal to material penned at the perceived heights of his career in the mid-1970s. Ayers produced the album with his then manager Dave Vatch in England and was accompanied by an impressive cast of musicians including Mike Oldfield Ollie Halsall Danny Thompson BJ Cole Mark E.
 777: Triple Seven (stylized 777 ～TRIPLE SEVEN～) is the seventh studio album by Japanese music group AAA.
 Hich'apita (Quechua hispanicized spelling Jechapita) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 3388 metres (11115 ft) high. It is situated in the Valley of the Volcanoes in the Arequipa Region Castilla Province Andagua District. Hich'apita lies west of the Chachas Lake and north-west of the volcano Ch'illkayuq Grande and south of the volcano Ch'illkayuq.
 Thumb Lake also known as Lake Louise by the Lake Louise Camp community is a kettle lake located in Hudson Township Charlevoix County Michigan. The epithet Thumb Lake derives from the lake's bathymetry. An islet protrudes from the lake's west basin.
 Jay Webber (born February 29 1972) is an American Republican Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since January 8 2008 where he represents the 26th legislative district. He served as Chairman of the New Jersey Republican State Committee from June 2009 until January 2011. Webber is a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council ALEC serving as New Jersey state leader.
 Laugu is a village in Leisi Parish Saare County in western Estonia.
 Lake Albanel is located east of Lake Mistassini and covers a total area of approximately 445 square kilometres (172 sq mi). It is located in the region of Jamésie. Quebec Route 167 ends beside this lake. It is entirely located in the protected area of Lacs-Albanel-Mistassini-et-Waconichi.
 The Charleston Gazette-Mail is a Saturday and Sunday newspaper in Charleston West Virginia USA. It is published by a joint venture between the Charleston Gazette and the Charleston Daily Mail which publish editorially rival but non-competitive in business terms papers on weekdays.
 Iður til Fóta was a single released in 1981 by the Icelandic group Þeyr through Eskvímó and it was edited in 10 format. The title translates as Moving Your Feet but in Icelandic also forms a pun which can equally translate as Guts at Your Feet.This record was never reissued since the masters are believed to be lost. However in 2001 some of its recordings appeared in Mjötviður til Fóta a CD to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the creation of Þeyr.
 Glowing Stars (Swedish: I taket lyser stjärnorna) is a Swedish film based on the award-winning novel of the same name by author Johanna Thydell. It revolves around a girl named Jenna who has to deal with her teenage life while at the same time taking care of her mother who is sick with cancer. The film was directed by Lisa Siwe and written by Linn Gottfridsson. It premiered in Swedish theaters on 30 January 2009 and received critical acclaim from critics. Glowing Stars won several film awards.
 Peropteryx is a genus of 5 species of bat in the family Emballonuridae namely:Greater Dog-like Bat (Peropteryx kappleri)White-winged Dog-like Bat (Peropteryx leucoptera)Lesser Dog-like Bat (Peropteryx macrotis)Pale-winged Dog-like Bat (Peropteryx pallidoptera) Trinidad Dog-like Bat (Peropteryx trinitatis)↑ ↑
 The Metal Office Furniture Company (Steelcase) Plants No. 2 and 3 are historic manufacturing plants in Grand Rapids Michigan.
 Six Thinking Hats is a book by Edward de Bono which describes a tool for group discussion and individual thinking involving six colored hats.
 Pari Kola (Persian: پاريكلا‎ also Romanized as Pārī Kolā) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District Bandpey-ye Gharbi District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 432 in 112 families.
 The Dingy cutworm (Feltia jaculifera) also known as the Bent-line dart is a member of the Noctuidae family and is common throughout North America. There are three other species of Feltia that are often confused for F. jaculifera and they are F. herilis F. subgothica and F. tricosa.
 Pseudochazara cingovskii is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found only in the Republic of Macedonia. The males are a little bit smaller than the females.It is a cool pale grey brown the upperside bands being particularly noticeable. Its habitat is scattered with white limestone rocks and when at rest on the white limestone it is very difficult to notice it due to its very pale underside.
 Viehmoorgraben is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Jersey Beat is an American music zine. It was founded in 1982 by music critic Jim Testa. As of 2007 the zine stopped publishing print issues but continues as an online publication. Jersey Beat covers the music scene both internationally and locally with special emphasis on the East Coast states.
 The Coastal Swordtail Cream-striped Swordtail or Swordtail Dark Swordtail (Graphium porthaon) is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family found in tropical western Africa.The wingspan is 55–60 mm in males and 60–65 mm in females. Species has continuous broods during warmer months.The larva feed on Artabotrys monteiroae Annona Uvaria Friesodielsia obovata Cleistochlamys kirkii Monodora junodii Monanthotaxis caffra Uvaria caffra and Uvaria kirkii.
 Angry Candy is a 1988 collection of short stories by Harlan Ellison that is loosely organized around the theme of death. The title comes the last line of the poem the Cambridge ladies who live in furnished souls by E. E. Cummings ...the/ moon rattles like a fragment of angry candy.The collection contains the short story Eidolons which won the 1989 Locus poll award for best short story.
 Goya is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 135 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Goya is named for the Spanish artist Francisco Goya who lived from 1746 to 1828.
 Słone [ˈswɔnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Brześć Kujawski 9 km (6 mi) west of Włocławek and 50 km (31 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Roger Rivard (born August 27 1952) is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the northwest Wisconsin's 75th Assembly District from January 3 2011 to January 3 2013. A lifelong resident of Rice Lake Rivard was the first Republican to hold the office in 32 years.
 Lycomorpha desertus is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by H. Edwards in 1881. It is found in Arizona.The wingspan is about 31 mm. Adults resemble Lycomorpha pholus but the black area of the forewings is less extensive. The thorax are orange. The abdomen of the females is orange above and below and the abdomen antennae and tarsi of the males are black.
 Trópico de Sangre (English: Tropic of Blood) is a 2010 drama film based on the true story of the Dominican Republic's historic Mirabal sisters.
 Tserovo is a village in Blagoevgrad Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province Bulgaria. It is situated in Rila mountain 7 kilometers southwest of Blagoevgrad. Most of the inhabitants are of pomak origin. Cultivating tobacco and sheep and goat farming are the only sources of income for the village. South of the village on the hills over the left bank of Struma river there are ruins of the mountainous fortress Tserovo built in the 3rd century.
 Ahmadabad-e Mosaddeq (Persian: احمدابادمصدق‎ also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Moşaddeq; also known as Aḩmadābād-e Kāshānī and Aḩmadābād) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District in the Central District of Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1401 in 358 families.It is nearly 10 km south of Abyek. The Iranian politician Mohammad Mosaddegh spent his older days there in exile and is buried under his dining room.
 The Clarinda Correctional Facility is a correctional institution located in the Page County community of Clarinda Iowa. It is in southwest Iowa on the grounds of the Clarinda Treatment Complex.
 Costasiella is a genus of sacoglossan sea slugs a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Limapontiidae.The most recent diagnosis of the genus Costasiella is by the Dutch malacologist Cornelis Kees Swennen (2007).
 Branchiura is a group of crustaceans ranked as a subclass of the class Maxillopoda. It comprises the fish lice of the family Argulidae and the prehistoric Cyclida (cycloids).
 Sandesh (Gujarati: સંદેશ) is a leading daily newspaper in Gujarat. It is published in Gujarati and was founded in 1923.
 The Church of the Twelve Holy Apostles (Italian: Santi Dodici Apostoli Latin: SS. XII Apostolorum) is a 6th-century Roman Catholic parish and titular church and minor basilica in Rome Italy dedicated originally to St. James and St. Philip and later to all Apostles. Today the basilica is under the care of the Conventual Franciscans whose headquarters in Rome is in the adjacent building.The Cardinal Priest of the Titulus XII Apostolorum is Angelo Scola.
 Vrbová Lhota is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Dinosaur Island is a 2002 animated film from DiC Entertainment directed by Will Meugniot. Considered a family oriented picture it is a unique adaptation of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's 1912 novel The Lost World by animated movie veteran John Loy. The movie stands apart as the only attempt to adapt The Lost World in an animated format combined with the popular reality-series format.
 Édouard Burroughs Garneau (18 January 1859 – 18 August 1911) was a Canadian politician.Born in Quebec City Canada East the son of Pierre Garneau Garneau was appointed to the Legislative Council of Quebec for de La Durantaye in 1904. A Liberal he served until his death in 1911.
 Dear Caroline is a French 1951 film directed by Richard Pottier. It is based on Jacques Laurent's historic novel The loves of Caroline Cherie: A novel. Leading roles were played by Martine Carol and Jacques Dacqmine.
 The Riversleigh rainforest koala (Nimiokoala greystanesi) is an extinct species of marsupial closely related to the modern koala that lived 10–16 million years ago in the middle Miocene of Queensland. It probably had a diet of leaves similar to that of the modern species but whether it specialized on eucalypt leaves is unknown. It was a third of a modern koala's size being 25–30 cm long and the mouth protruded from the skull.
 Oltre is the EP the solo debut of the singer Italian Emma Marrone published on March 16 2010 from label Universal Music. The album was a great success reaching the first position in the standings in Italy and was subsequently certified Double Platinum. Was the second best-selling album in Italy in 2010. The lead single of the album Calore was later certified Platinum disc.
 Model Ball (oder: Girls Team; The Girls of Summer) is a 2008 English television comedy sport film about a team of softball.
 Monte Lema (1621 m) is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. Its summit can easily reached by cable car from the village of Miglieglia (Ticino).
 Emmanuel Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Greenwood in Albemarle County Virginia. Emmanuel Episcopal Church is a parish church in the Episcopal Diocese of Virginia.The mission of Emmanuel Episcopal Church is: May we strive to live in Christ and do his work from this place.
 The Grave is a 1996 thriller starring Craig Sheffer Gabrielle Anwar and Josh Charles. Its plot concerns two convicts who escape from prison to find a buried treasure.
 Robert Bruce Zoellick (/ˈzɛlɪk/; German: [ˈtsœlɪk]; born July 25 1953) is an American banker who was the eleventh president of the World Bank a position he held from July 1 2007 to June 30 2012. He was previously a managing director of Goldman Sachs United States Deputy Secretary of State (resigning on July 7 2006) and U.S. Trade Representative from February 7 2001 until February 22 2005.
 Livoq Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Livoqit Serbian: Језеро Ливоц) is a small artificial lake in eastern Kosovo. Livoq Lake is just west of the large city of Gnjilane and borders the Goljak mountains to its west. The lake is fed by a small tributary of the South Morava. It is the second largest lake in the east of Kosovo only coming second to Prilepnica Lake.
 Porfirio Lobo Sosa (born 22 December 1947) known as Pepe Lobo is a Honduran politician and agricultural landowner who served as President of Honduras from 2010 to 2014. A member of the conservative National Party and a former deputy in the National Congress of Honduras from 1990 he was President of the National Congress of Honduras from 2002 to 2006. He came second to Manuel Zelaya with 46% of the vote in the 2005 general election.
 Golgo 13: Assignment Kowloon (ゴルゴ13 九竜の首 Gorugo Sātīn Kûron no kubi) is a 1977 action movie starring Sonny Chiba as the international assassin Golgo 13. It was the second live-action movie based on the Golgo 13 manga.
 David Réal Caouette (September 26 1917 – December 16 1976) was a Canadian politician from Quebec. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) and leader of the Social Credit Party of Canada and founder of the Ralliement des créditistes. Outside of politics he worked as a car dealer. His son Gilles Caouette was also a Social Credit MP and was briefly acting leader of the party.
 The Eastern Large Heath (Coenonympha rhodopensis) is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It isfound in Italy Romania Bulgaria Albania northern Greece and Yugoslavia.
 Battle Royale (バトル・ロワイアル Batoru Rowaiaru) is a novel by Japanese writer Koushun Takami. Originally completed in 1996 it was not published until 1999.
 Hyperchirioides is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Trading Twilight for Daylight is the first full length album from the American band Great Northern. It was recorded in Mathias Schneeberger's Donner & Blitzen studio in Arcadia California.
 Yukshin Gardan Sar is a high peak of the Hispar Muztagh a subrange of the Karakoram range in Pakistan. Its height is also often given as 7469 m (24505 ft) or 7641 m (25069 ft). It lies about 15 km (9 mi) northeast of Khunyang Chhish and 5 km (3 mi) northwest of Kanjut Sar.
 Estandarte is the tenth studio album released by Brazilian rock band Skank in 2008.
 Rivista di Filologia e di Istruzione Classica or Riv. Fil. is a peer reviewed Italian academic journal Published by Loescher editore of Turin. It presents articles and essays on Greek and Roman languages and literatures history philosophy religion art and society.
 Liu Yandong (Chinese: 刘延东; pinyin: Liú Yàndōng) (born November 1945) is an official of the Communist Party of China currently serving as Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China and is the eldest member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of China. She previously held the post of State Councilor. Since the retirement of Wu Yi she has been the highest-ranked female politician in the Party and one of only two women with a seat on the Politburo.
 Mesodontrachia fitzroyana is a species of air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.
 Pakkam Kottur is a small village in Tamil Nadu a southern state of India. The nearest town of significant size which is Tiruvarur which is 16 km away Mayiladuthurai is 30 km and Nagapattinam is around 20 km away. There is an irregular bus service from Tiruvarur daily. The nearest railway station was 3 kilometres away in Visalur but the introduction of bus services put an end to the Visalur station in 1988. Now the nearest railway station is Nannilam.
 The River des Chutes (River of the Falls) drains mainly the municipality of Saint-Narcisse and also Saint-Stanislas at the end of its course.
 Paradise Park or formerly known as Seri Center is a shopping mall located in Prawet District Bangkok Thailand. The retail giants Siam Piwat and MBK made a new joint-venture for new opportunities in the suburbs of Bangkok their Paradise Park Srinakarin transformed Seri Center at a total cost of Bt3.2 billion. The mall opened officially on August 24 2010 . It has been a rival to a nearby mall Seacon Square.
 The Dr. Toler R. White House is at 509 Spring Street Kingman Arizona. The house was built in 1916. The house is a Bungalow/Craftsman style. Dr. White came to town in 1910 or so after working in the mining and reservations doctor. He lived here until his death in 1945. The home is on the National Register of Historical Places and the number is 86001176.
 Žibininkai is a village in Lithuania. It is located in the Kretinga municipality 4 km northeast of the Baltic Sea resort Palanga.In the village there is a spacious complex of the brewery HBH Juozo alus where visitors can find beer gardens restaurants a horse riding centre and a vast playground.
 Black Sabbath - 1970-1992 is a video by heavy metal band Black Sabbath.
 Al Yamamah (The Dove in English) is a weekly Arabic magazine published in Saudi Arabia. The editor-in-chief of the magazine is Abdullah Al Jahlan. Al Yamamah along with Sayidaty and The Majalla is among popular magazines in Saudi Arabia.
 Congregational Church of Ludlow is a historic church at 48 Pleasant Street in the village of Ludlow in Vermont.It was built in 1891 in a Shingle Style architecture design. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Jose V. Toledo Federal Building and United States Courthouse is a historic post office and courthouse located at Old San Juan Puerto Rico. It is a courthouse for the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. It is also the site for oral argument before the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit when that court sits in Puerto Rico.
 Doctor Zhivago is a 2002 British television miniseries directed by Giacomo Campiotti and starring Hans Matheson Keira Knightley and Sam Neill. The teleplay by Andrew Davies is based on the 1957 novel of the same title by Boris Pasternak.The serial is the second English-language screen adaptation of the book following the 1965 feature film. It was produced by Granada Television with co-funding from the American PBS station WGBH Boston and the German company Evision.
 Lac de Bise is a lake in Haute-Savoie France.
 Live and Loud!! is the first live album by punk band Sham 69 recorded in 1979 and released in 1987 (see 1987 in music).
 Nowa Sikorska Huta [ˈnɔva ɕiˈkɔrska ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca within Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Stężyca 18 km (11 mi) south-west of Kartuzy and 42 km (26 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.For details of the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 77.
 The Corallinoideae are a subfamily of Coralline alga. All its genera are geniculate.
 Sex for Safety is The Inevitable Backlash's first studio album. It was released on March 27 2007.
 Jason Barrett is a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing the 61st district. Barrett is also a small business owner.
 Armak (Persian: ارمك‎; also known as Armagh Armakī and Armaq) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County Hormozgan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 679 in 128 families.
 Three Lakes Valley is a 25-mile (40 km) long partially endorheic valley in southwest Lincoln County and northwest Clark County Nevada. The southwest of the valley has a narrowing with washes that flow south into the watershed of the Las Vegas Valley a tributary to Lake Mead–Colorado River watersheds.[citation needed]
 The Washington Boulevard Building is a high-rise apartment building located at 234 State Street at the corner of State Street and Washington Boulevard in downtown Detroit Michigan. The building designed by Louis Kamper was constructed from 1922 to 1923. It stands at 23 stories and features a neoclassical limestone base.Across the streets lie the Book Tower and the Book-Cadillac Hotel.
 Moments of Reprieve is a book of autobiographical character studies/vignettes by Primo Levi.The book features fifteen character studies of people the author met during his time in the Auschwitz concentration camp. Some of the vignettes feature characters who have already appeared in If This is a Man and The Truce Levi's initial two Holocaust memoirs.
 For the stream in West Virginia see Wheeling Creek (West Virginia).Wheeling Creek is a tributary of the Ohio River 30.2 miles (48.6 km) long in eastern Ohio in the United States. Via the Ohio River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 108 square miles (280 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 St. Stanislaus Roman Catholic Oratory (Polish: Kościół Świętego Stanisława) - Roman Catholic parish in the historic Mitchell Street District of Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was designed by Polish nobleman Leonard Kowalski one of Milwaukee's early Polish residents who took the name Leonard Schmidtner and spoke German.One of Milwaukee's 'Polish Cathedral's the parish was founded in 1866 by immigrant Poles in the Archdiocese of Milwaukee. St.
 The Lubbock Post Office and Federal Building located at 800 Broadway in downtown Lubbock Texas was a post office and federal courthouse from 1932-1968. Today it is privately owned.
 Ransom (2009) is a novel by Australian author David Malouf. It retells the story of the Iliad from books 22 to 24.
 Rhynchopyga xanthozona is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Draudt in 1915. It is found in Bolivia.
 Dinosaur Hour! (恐竜の時間) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hitoshi Shioya. It features short stories about dinosaurs in humorous situations. It is unique for featuring chapters only 7 or 8 pages long. It started publication in 2004 while the first (and only) volume was published in Japan in 2006 and is published in Japan by Poplar Publishing. Viz Media has released this volume in English as well.
 Istrate Micescu (22 May 1881 – 22 May 1951) was a Romanian lawyer Law and Political Science professor at the University of Bucharest's Law Department and politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Romania.
 William Joseph Green IV is the chair of the School Reform Commission of the School District of Philadelphia and a former Democratic Councilman-at-Large on the City Council of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Bill has focused his work in City Council on accountability and fiscal discipline constituent service and quality of life for city residents..
 Saundra Meyer is a Democratic member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing the 49th district since 2007. She previously served from 2001 through 2004.The seat was held by a Republican Gordon L. Park from 1993-1996.
 Shikufitzky is a comic strip appearing in the weekly Jewish magazine Mishpacha.[1]Shikufitzky is also the books of short comics about their family
 The Age of Sail Heritage Centre (also known as the Age of Sail Heritage Museum) is a museum and heritage centre at Port Greville Nova Scotia Canada. It focuses on the history of Parrsboro Shore communities along the Minas Channel of the Bay of Fundy with an emphasis on the area's shipbuilding and lumbering heritage.
 Trouble with the Natives is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1951. This comic story describes the pains of aliens visiting an English village as every effort at contact with humans gets frustrated. The story was also published as The Men in the Flying Saucer.This story has similarities with History Lesson & Rescue Party - in all three stories aliens draw naive & humorous conclusions about humans from little information.
 Ridin' Shotgun is the eighth studio album released by American country music artist Jessi Colter. The album was originally issued in 1981 by Capitol Records.
 The Hazelton Mountains are a grouping of mountain ranges on the inland lee of the Kitimat Ranges of the Coast Mountains in northwestern British Columbia Canada spanning the area of Hazelton south to the Nechako Reservoir.
 The Murray Morgan Bridge also known as the 11th Street Bridge or City Waterway Bridge is a vertical-lift bridge in Tacoma Washington. It originally opened Feb. 15 1913 to replace an 1894 swing-span bridge. The bridge connects downtown with the tideflats it spans the Thea Foss Waterway originally known as the City Waterway.
 Hyperolius albofrenatus is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.It is endemic to Tanzania.Its natural habitats are rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Thila Crater is an impact crater in the Elysium quadrangle of Mars located at 18.09° N and 204.58° W. It is 5.3 km in diameter and was named after Thila Yemen.
 The Giant Jam Sandwich is a children's picture book with story and pictures by John Vernon Lord and verses by Janet Burroway. The rhyming story tells how the fictional town of Itching Down was invaded by four million wasps. The villagers decide to build a gigantic jam sandwich to trap the pesky insects. In 2014 20th Century Fox United Artists And Universal announced that they will make a movie of the book.
 The Beaufort Hotel is a hotel in Chepstow Wales located at the southeast corner of Beaufort Square at the end of St Mary Street on Mt Pleasant Road (A48 road). It became a Grade II listed building on 24 March 1975. It was established in the 16th century as a coaching inn; it claims to be the oldest continuously trading hotel in south Wales. The hotel has 23 en-suite bedrooms meeting rooms bar restaurant and a large banqueting suite. Historically the hotel has served as an auction house.
 The Yale Journal of Criticism was an academic journal published by the Johns Hopkins University Press which covered all humanities disciplines. It was named best new journal by the Conference of Editors of Learned Journals in 1989 and ceased publication in 2005.
 Gazette van Detroit (Newspaper of Detroit) is a Flemish newspaper in Dutch and English published in the United States since 13 August 1914. This newspaper has Flemish immigrants and their descendants in the USA and Canada as its targeted audience. However today there is also a growing number of subscribers in Europe - especially Belgium - as well. The parent company is a 501(c)(3) U.S. Internal Revenue Service recognized non-profit called Belgian Publishing Inc.
 Terebra guayaquilensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.
 The Courtship of Miles Standish is a 1923 American silent epic historical romantic drama film produced by and starring Charles Ray Enid Bennett and E. Alyn Warren. Directed by Frederick Arthur Sullivan the film is based on the famous Henry Wadsworth Longfellow 1858 poem The Courtship of Miles Standish. No known prints of the film exist and it is now presumed lost.
 The King of the Gospel Singers is the sixth studio album from Little Richard discounting compilations. A gospel album from sessions he recorded for the Mercury Records label it is generally regarded as being a better recording than his two albums with the Goldner label.
 C. K. Chandrappan(Malayalam: സി.കെ. ചന്ദ്രപ്പന്‍) (10 November 1935 – 23 March 2012) was a leftist politician from Kerala India. He was the Kerala state secretary of the Communist Party of India (CPI) and the president of Kisan Sabha at the time of his death. He was a member of the Lok Sabha of India representing the Cannanore (Lok Sabha constituency) from 1977 to 1980 and Thrissur (Lok Sabha constituency) from 2004 to 2010.
 The Wurmaulspitze is a mountain in the Zillertal Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Larmor is a crater on the Moon's far side. It is located to the east-southeast of Shayn and due north of Dante. It is named in honor of the physicist Joseph Larmor.The rim of Larmor is broken across by the satellite crater Larmor Z. The remaining rim is slightly worn particularly to the southwest and the inner wall is somewhat wider at the southern end. The wider southern inner wall displays terrace structures.
 The Philetus S. Church House is a private house located on North Shore Road 1 mile (1.6 km) southeast of Payment Settlement on Sugar Island Michigan. The building is the last structure from Church's Landing a mid-19th century trading post and steamboat stop. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Wesley is a 2009 biopic about John Wesley and Charles Wesley the founders of the Methodist movement. The movie is based largely on the Wesley brother's own journals including John's private journal which was kept in a shorthand-like code that was not translated until the 1980s by Dr.
 Beyonders: A World Without Heroes is a 2011 fantasy novel by Brandon Mull. It is the first in the Beyonders trilogy.
 The Mindanao montane forest mouse (Apomys insignis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.It is found only in the Philippines.
 Tio vackra visor och Personliga Person (English: Ten Beautiful Songs and Personal Person) is the fourth studio album by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk. The album contains some of Vreeswijk's famous songs such as Somliga går med trasiga skor Felicia - adjö and Deirdres samba.
 The Adlerhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located east of Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It lies west of the Strahlhorn.
 Dr.
 Everyday I Get Closer to the Light from Which I Came is the fourth studio album by the British post-metal band Jesu. It was released on 23 September 2013 via frontman Justin Broadrick's own record label Avalanche Recordings. The album attributes influences from post-punk dub and electronica. Its sound relies on a more sombre darker mood than the outlet's previous album Ascension which featured a shorter more guitar-led approach during its production.
 Alien vs. Predator is the official soundtrack album of the 2004 science fiction film Alien vs. Predator. Composed by Austrian Harald Kloser Kloser was chosen by the film's director Paul W. S. Anderson as he was an enthusiastic fan of the series. The score is completely orchestral and was released on August 31 2004 on Audio CD and Compact Cassette.
 Games Gamblers Play (Chinese: 鬼馬雙星) is a 1974 Hong Kong film directed by Michael Hui with action direction by Sammo Hung.
 Night and Day is a novel by Virginia Woolf first published on 20 October 1919. Set in Edwardian London Night and Day contrasts the daily lives and romantic attachments of two acquaintances Katharine Hilbery and Mary Datchet. The novel examines the relationships between love marriage happiness and success.Dialogue and descriptions of thought and actions are used in equal amount unlike in Woolf's later book To the Lighthouse.
 Bagh-e Karchuni (Persian: باغ كرچوني‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Karchūnī) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District Rostaq District Darab County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 A Face in the Crowd is a 1957 film starring Andy Griffith Patricia Neal and Walter Matthau directed by Elia Kazan.
 Choreography is a Vanessa-Mae album featuring work by Vangelis Bill Whelan A. R. Rahman Tolga Kashif and Walter Taieb. She performs with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.Emerald Tiger is a composition by Riverdance's Whelan a sort of Irish/Asian fusion. Raga's Dance by Indian Composer A. R. Rahman is a piece that mixes Carnatic instruments and vocals to a large symphonic orchestration. Bolero for Violin and Orchestra is a tribute to Ravel's Boléro and it features a darbuka.
 Radha Gopalam (Telugu: రాధ గోపాలం) is a 2005 Telugu film which stars Srikanth and Sneha. This film was directed by Bapu and music was by Mani Sharma. The performances of Srikanth and Sneha were critically applauded. Sneha won the prestigious Nandi Special Jury Award for her performance in the movie. The movie opened to outstanding reviews by critics and it was a box office hit.
 'Monedas al aire' is the second studio album of Carlos Varela released in 1991.
 The East Molokai Volcano sometimes also known as Wailau for the Wailau valley on its north side is an extinct shield volcano comprising the eastern two-thirds of the island of Molokaʻi in the U.S. state of Hawaii.
 Kenza (Arabic: كنزة‎) is a 1999 studio album by Khaled.The album was named after Khaled's second daughter Kenza. Kenza is Arabic for treasure.Kenza has attained gold certification by Syndicat National de l'Edition Phonographique.The album was re-released by Ark 21 and Wrasse Records.
 Lawrence Larry Sheldon Grossman (December 2 1943 – June 22 1997) was a politician in Ontario Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly as a Progressive Conservative from 1975 to 1987 and was a cabinet minister in the governments of Bill Davis and Frank Miller. Grossman was leader of the Ontario Progressive Conservatives from 1985 to 1987.
 Victimes de nos richesses (Victims of our wealth) is a 2006 documentary film exploring the 2005 violence at the Ceuta and Melilla border fences.
 Newark Female Charitable Society (Newark Day Center) is a group of historic buildings at 305 Halsey Street and at 41 and 43 Hill Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.The oldest and most significant building is 305 Halsey Street a 3-story red brick and terra cotta building that was built in 1886 by the Newark Female Charitable Society and designed by R. H. Rowden.
 For the similarly named periodical see Scribner's Magazine.Scribner's Monthly: An Illustrated Magazine for the People was an American literary periodical published from 1870 until 1881.
 The Westerville High School - Vine Street School is a historic school built in Westerville Ohio. It was built in 1896 by the Columbus architecture firm of Yost and Packard and is an example of Romanesque Revival architecture. The building was opened to the public on during a grand ceremony on March 19 1896. Today the school is referred to as the Emerson Magnet school which specializes in teaching children foreign languages and cultures.
 Alcidion apicalis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Bates in 1864 and is known from Brazil.
 Cochlespira cedonulli is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae.
 The Hawk is the weekly student newspaper of Saint Joseph's University. It appears in print and online and includes News Opinions Features and Sports sections as well as exclusively online Multimedia content. The paper is distributed on campus every Wednesday during the academic year at major campus locations such as the Post Learning Commons Campion Student Center Mandeville Hall Merion Hall and student residence halls.
 Thursday We Shall Sing Like Sunday (French: Jeudi on chantera comme dimanche) is a 1967 Belgian-French comedy film directed by Luc de Heusch. It was entered into the 5th Moscow International Film Festival.
 I Am Joaquin (also known as Yo Soy Joaquin) by Rodolfo Corky Gonzales is a famous epic poem associated with the Chicano movement of the 1960s in the United States. In I am Joaquin Joaquin (the narrative voice of the poem) speaks of the struggles that the Chicano people have faced in trying to achieve economic justice and equal rights in the U.S as well as to find an identity of being part of a hybrid mestizo society.
 Chorrera postica is a species of snout moth in the genus Chorrera. It was described by Zeller in 1881 and is found in Colombia.
 Lac de Saint-Cassien is a lake in Var France. At an elevation of 147 m its surface area is 3.7 km².
 Danger – Love at Work is a 1937 American screwball comedy film directed by Otto Preminger. The screenplay by James Edward Grant and Ben Markson focuses on an attorney's frustrating efforts to deal with a wildly eccentric family.
 The Redwillow River is a tributary of the Wapiti River in northern Alberta and north-eastern British Columbia Canada. It flows through the Pouce Coupe Prairie in the south of Peace River Country.
 John Burris (born 1986) is a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives. First elected in 2008 Burris represented District 85 which included Harrison and part of Boone County. In the 2012 election he was switched to District 98 in Benton County in which Republican incumbent Donna Hutchinson was term limited.In 2010 Burris was elected by members of the House Republican Caucus to serve as Minority Leader.
 The Kansas City Times was a morning newspaper in Kansas City Missouri that was published from 1867 to 1990.The morning Kansas City Times under ownership of afternoon The Kansas City Star won two Pulitzer Prizes and was actually bigger than its parent when its name was changed to the Star.
 Sathi Amar is a 2005 Bengali film directed by Shankar Ray and produced by Pritam Jalan. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rachana Banerjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Ashok Raj
 Cerace xanthothrix is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in India (Assam).The wingspan is 33-48 mm. The forewings are blackish- violet suffused with black along the costal area and narrow streaks of brick-red suffusion. The hindwings are bright orange but brownish-black with a violet gloss and faint yellowish spots posteriorly.
 The black mussel Choromytilus meridionalis is a species of bivalve. It is a marine mollusc in the family Mytilidae.
 The Catargiu River is a tributary of the Jijioara River in Romania.
 Benjamin Hardin (February 29 1784 – September 24 1852) was a United States Representative from Kentucky. Martin Davis Hardin was his cousin. He was born at the Georges Creek settlement on the Monongahela River Westmoreland County Pennsylvania and then moved with his parents to Washington County Kentucky in 1788. Hardin attended the schools of Nelson and Washington Counties Kentucky before studying law.
 Love in the Wilderness is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Madge Titheradge C.M. Hallard and Campbell Gullan. It was adapted from Gertrude Page's novel of the same title. The film is a romantic melodrama set partly on a farm in Southern Rhodesia. The film was shot in California.
 Grantham Hospital (Chinese: 葛量洪醫院) is a specialist cardiothoracic hospital located at Wong Chuk Hang and is part of the Hong Kong West cluster. It is a tertiary referral centre providing specialist service in cardiothoracic surgery cardiology paediatric cardiology tuberculosis & chest medicine and cardio-pulmonary infirmary.
 The Hours is a 2002 drama film directed by Stephen Daldry and starring Nicole Kidman Meryl Streep Julianne Moore and Ed Harris. The screenplay by David Hare is based on the 1999 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same title by Michael Cunningham.The plot focuses on three women of different generations whose lives are interconnected by the novel Mrs Dalloway by Virginia Woolf.
 The white-lined leaf frog (Phyllomedusa vaillantii) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.It is found in Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical swamps rivers and freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Fotógrafo de señoras is a 1978 Argentine comedy film directed by Hugo Moser.
 Saphenista ephimera is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Costa Rica.
 The Laughing Policeman (1968) by Sjöwall and Wahlöö is the fourth police detective novel in the ten-part Martin Beck series. Originally published in Sweden in 1968 as Den skrattande polisen it is the first novel in the series to criticize the shortcomings of the Swedish welfare state.[citation needed] In 1971 The Laughing Policeman earned a 'Best Novel' Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America.
 Anerastia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Hübner in 1825 and is known from Egypt Sudan.
 Du ciment sous les plaines is the third album of the French rock group Noir Désir.The French edition of Rolling Stone magazine named this album the 21st greatest French rock album (out of 100).
 'Miss 139' is a 1921 silent film crime drama produced by A. H. Fischer Inc. and distributed by Jans Film Service and Sherman Productions Corporation. B. A. Rolfe was the director and Charles Logue wrote the story and the screenplay. Its star Diana Allen had been a Ziegfeld girl.
 Confidential was a periodical published quarterly from December 1952 to August 1953 and then bi-monthly until 1978. It was founded by Robert Harrison and is considered a pioneer in scandal gossip and exposé journalism. Newsweek said it featured sin and sex with a seasoning of right wing politics.Its journalism consisted just as much of innuendo as of exposés.
 Jennifer Cossitt (née Birchall born 22 June 1948 in Redcar Yorkshire England) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. She was a business executive by career.Her husband was Thomas Cossitt member of Parliament for the Leeds—Grenville electoral district. Following his death in 1982 she campaigned at the riding in a 12 October 1982 by-election and won the seat.
 A Stitch in Time is the second EP released by The Twilight Singers. The five song EP was first released on iTunes on October 10 2006. Hard copies were then released in the UK on December 4 2006 and in the US on January 23 2007. A Stitch in Time features guest appearances by Mark Lanegan and Joseph Arthur. Live with Me is a Massive Attack cover while Flashback is a Fat Freddy’s Drop cover.
 Doyles River a perennial river of the Hastings River catchment is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Praslin's caecilian Praslinia cooperi is a species of caecilian in the family Indotyphlidae. It is monotypic in the genus Praslinia. It is found on Mahé and Silhouette Islands in the Seychelles. An old reported sighting on its namesake Praslin is not known to be correct.
 Der Hund von Baskerville (English:The Hound of the Baskervilles) is a 1929 German silent mystery film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Carlyle Blackwell Alexander Murski Livio Pavanelli. The film is an adaptation of the Sherlock Holmes novel The Hound of the Baskervilles by Arthur Conan Doyle. It was the last Sherlock Holmes adaptation in the silent film era.
 The Daily News is a Zimbabwean independent newspaper published in Harare. It was founded in 1999 by Geoffrey Nyarota a former editor of the Bulawayo Chronicle. Bearing the motto Telling it like it is the Daily News swiftly became Zimbabwe's most popular newspaper. However the paper also suffered two bombings allegedly by Zimbabwean security forces. Nyarota was arrested six times and reportedly was the target of a government assassination plot.
 Mutluluk (English title: Bliss) is a 2007 Turkish film directed by Abdullah Oğuz and starring Özgü Namal Talat Bulut and Murat Han. It was chosen to open the 2007 Asian Film Festival in Mumbai and the 2007 Medfilm Festival in Rome.
 Brzezinka [bʐɛˈʑinka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwierzyn within Strzelce-Drezdenko County Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II).
 The Invisible Woman is an American science fiction comedy film that was released near the end of 1940 by Universal. It is the third 'Invisible' film following Invisible Man and The Invisible Man Returns which had been released earlier in the year. It was more of a screwball comedy than other films in the series.
 A Time to Remember is a 2003 American television drama film starring Doris Roberts and Dana Delany.
 Michael J. Moran is an American state legislator serving in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He is a Brighton resident and a member of the Democratic Party.
 Palaeotrochidae is an extinct family of fossil snails gastropod mollusks in the clade Neritimorpha according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda (Bouchet & Rocroi 2005).This is the only family in the superfamily Palaeotrochoidea. This family has no subfamilies.
 Cyclophora auricosta is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Kurilohadalia elongata is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae the turrids.
 Reforma is a Mexican newspaper based in Mexico City. It has 276700 readers in Mexico City. The paper shares content with other papers in parent newsgroup Grupo Reforma. The cumulative readership of the newsgroup is above 400000.
 Excelsior Public School is a former school building in Excelsior Minnesota United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The school was built in the Georgian Revival style between 1899 and 1901 to serve Excelsior during a time of growth in the community. Before this building was built two other school buildings were located on the site.
 Yuri Viktorovich Fedotov (Russian: Ю́рий Ви́кторович Федо́тов born 1947) is a high level diplomat of the Russian Federation.
 Sleep is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on sleep. It is the official journal of the Associated Professional Sleep Societies and sponsored by the American Academy of Sleep Medicine and the Sleep Research Society. The journal was established in 1978 and the editor-in-chief is David Dinges (University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine).
 The Gold Record is the seventh full-length album from The Bouncing Souls. It was released on June 6 2006 which the band deemed 'the number of the release' and also deemed the album 'the release of the beast'. This is due to its release date (6/6/06) the fact that it is their sixth album of previously unreleased material and in reference to the number of the beast (666).
 Michael Johnson is the former Associate Deputy Director of National Intelligence for Information Sharing inside the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI). He is directly subordinate to Lieutenant General (ret) Dale Meyerrose and responsible for transforming the Intelligence Community regarding information sharing through governance policy technology culture and economics.
 Agarathi (English: Dictionary) is an 2011 Tamil mystery thriller film directed by Naga Venkatesh based on the novel Iravil Oru Vaanavil by Rajesh Kumar. It stars Pratheep Pavan Archana Monica Oviya and Keerthi Chawla. The film is not yet released and postponed though movies dubbed simultaneously in Telugu version titled Vaibhogam.
 Visiting Mr. Green is a stage play by American author Jeff Baron that has been performed around the world.
 Help! I'm Trapped in My Teacher's Body! is a light-hearted children's science fiction novel by Todd Strasser first published in 1993. It is the first book in his Help! I'm Trapped... series many of which have a similar body swap premise.
 Judyty [juˈdɨtɨ] (German: Juditten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Sępopol 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Bartoszyce and 65 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Republican News was a longstanding newspaper/magazine published by Sinn Féin.
 Lit de Justice (foaled January 12 1990 in Kentucky) is an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred by Robert Sangster's Swettenham Stud and purchased by the French racing operation Mise de Moratalla who named him for a famous Parlement of Paris known as the Lit de justice. The colt was sired by El Gran Senor who was an outstanding son of Northern Dancer and earned Irish and English Champion honours at age two in 1983 and at three in 1984.
 The Morning Times (formerly the Evening Times) is a morning newspaper published Monday through Saturday in Sayre Pennsylvania. The newspaper serves Athens Pennsylvania Sayre Pennsylvania Waverly New York and the surrounding communities in the Penn-York Valley area of the Twin Tiers. Its coverage area includes portions of Tioga County and Chemung County New York and Bradford County Pennsylvania.
 Deo Kasenyenda Sanga (born 1 January 1956) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Njombe North constituency since 2010.
 Teresa de Jesús is a 1984 film mini-series that premiered on Spanish television in 1984. It presents the life of Teresa of Avila a Spanish saint mystic and doctor of the Roman Catholic Church. Its dialogue is in Spanish but versions with English subtitles are available. The film stars Concha Velasco as Teresa.
 La giusta distanza (internationally released as The Right Distance) is a 2007 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Mazzacurati.It entered the competition at the second Rome Film Festival. The film was later awarded with a Nastro d'argento for best script; it was also nominated for several David di Donatello awards including categories for best film and best actress.
 The Trojan Horse is a Canadian political drama two-part miniseries that first aired on CBC Television on 30 March 2008. It is a sequel to the 2004 miniseries H2O. It starred Paul Gross Greta Scacchi and Tom Skerritt. It was directed by Charles Binamé.
 Cleveland's Hall and Blacksmith Shop is located in the community of Attica Wisconsin within the town Brooklyn Green County Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Trichromia odorata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Brazil.
 Peter Fuller Building is a historic building at 808 Commonwealth Avenue in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1927 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 William Edward Felix Will Hodgman (born 20 April 1969) is an Australian politician and is the 45th Premier of Tasmania after leading the Liberals to victory at the 2014 Tasmanian state election.
 The Private Lives of Pippa Lee is a 2009 American drama film written and directed by Rebecca Miller. The screenplay is based on her novel of the same title. The film premiered on February 9 2009 at the 59th Berlin International Film Festival and was shown at the Sydney Film Festival and the Edinburgh Film Festival before opening in the United Kingdom on July 10. Following a showing at the Toronto International Film Festival it was limited released in the United States on November 27 2009.
 Vida y Escritos del Dr. José Rizal translated as “Life and Writings of Dr. José Rizal” is a biographical book about Philippine national hero and Father of Filipino Nationalism José Rizal (1864-1936) written in the Spanish language by Wenceslao Emilio Retana y Gamboa (1862-1924) a 19th-century Spanish civil servant colonial administrator writer publisher bibliophile Filipiniana collector and Philippine scholar who is also known simply as W.E. Retana.
 Wiercień [ˈvjɛrt͡ɕɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki within Bielsk County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Boćki 15 km (9 mi) south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 49 km (30 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
 The Full Pack is a 12 vinyl EP by Psychic TV. It was included with initial orders of Dreams Less Sweet.
 The black-faced lion tamarin or Superagui lion tamarin (Leontopithecus caissara) is a small New World monkey of the family Callitrichidae. It is critically endangered and endemic to coastal forests in southeastern Brazil. There are several conservation projects and the total populations is unlikely to exceed 400 individuals. It is overall golden-orange with contrasting black head legs and tail.
 North Fork Correctional Facility is a medium-security correctional facility for men located east of Sayre Beckham County Oklahoma.
 Odostomella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae the pyrams and their allies.
 At 178 metres Chaldon Hill also called Chaldon Down is one of the highest hills on South Dorset's Jurassic Coast in England.
 The Corn Palace commonly advertised as The World's Only Corn Palace and the Mitchell Corn Palace is a multi-purpose arena/facility located in Mitchell South Dakota. The Moorish Revival building is decorated with crop art; the murals and designs covering the building are made from corn and other grains.
 Charitoprepes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Kingston (1884-1912) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He won 89 races the most in the history of the sport of Thoroughbred racing. Of his 138 starts he was out of the money only on four occasions. He was later inducted into the United States Racing Hall of Fame.
 Thyrosticta raharizonina is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Griveaud in 1964. It is found in Madagascar.
 Christ Church (grid reference SJ653995) is an active Anglican parish church in Pennington Leigh Greater Manchester England. Christ Church serves the parish of Pennington in the Leigh Deanery and Salford Archdeaconry in the Diocese of Manchester. It is a Grade II listed building.
 Dobele Castle is a castle in the town of Dobele on the west bank of the river in the historical region of Zemgale in Latvia. Dobele was built in 1335 by the Livonian order on top of a more ancient castle.
 Johana Farina Pesántez Benítez (born 20 November 1975) is an Ecuadorian politician she has been Minister of Justice Human Rights and Religious Affairs since May 2011.
 Butch L. Wilkins is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives representing District 59 since January 14 2013. Wilkins served consecutively from January 2009 until January 2013 in the District 74 seat.
 Seay's Chapel Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located near Palmyra Fluvanna County Virginia. It was built between 1893 and 1902 and is a one-story 30 feet by 40 feet vernacular Gothic Revival / Carpenter Gothic style chapel. It features a slate gable roof with ornamental wooden brackets under the eaves and along the gables and a rectangular wooden panel design in the front and rear gables.
 Ashireh-ye Khalaf (Persian: عشيره خلف‎ also Romanized as ʿ‘Ashīreh-ye Khalāf; also known as ‘Ashīreh-ye Ḩalāf and Ḩallāf) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 270 in 40 families.
 The New 52: Futures End is an upcoming eleven-month weekly limited series published by DC Comics scheduled to begin in May 2014 and run through March 2015. The series is set five years in The New 52's future and will be written by Brian Azzarello Keith Giffen Dan Jurgens and Jeff Lemire. Covers for the series are drawn by Ryan Sook.
 Shenna Bellows (born March 23 1975) is an American political candidate and former non-profit executive director best known for her work with the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU).Bellows is a Democratic candidate for the United States Senate in Maine in the 2014 election. She launched her candidacy on October 23 2013. She will be running against incumbent Republican Senator Susan Collins.
 Trachyderomorpha notabilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Trachyderomorpha.
 The Blade is a 1995 Hong Kong martial arts film co-written produced and directed by Tsui Hark starring Vincent Zhao Moses Chan Hung Yan-yan Song Lei Austin Wai Chung Bik-ha Valerie Chow and others. This film is notable for its unusual style which includes dramatic close-ups employment of colour gels frenetic camera use during the fight sequences and overall dark tone.
 Robert Brown Aderholt (born July 22 1965) is the U.S. Representative for Alabama's 4th congressional district serving since 1997. He is a member of the Republican Party. The district includes most of Tuscaloosa as well as the far northern suburbs of Birmingham and the southern suburbs of Huntsville and Decatur.Aderholt is a member of the Tea Party and has taken very conservative stands on issues such as abortion tax reform defense spending and same sex marriage.
 The Perfect Host is a 2010 American film written and directed by Nick Tomnay a remake of Tomnay's 2001 short film The Host. The film stars David Hyde Pierce and Clayne Crawford. Filming took place in Los Angeles California. It was filmed in 17 days.
 Lake Santeetlah part of the Tennessee River watershed was created in 1928 when Alcoa dammed the Cheoah River as a means of generating hydroelectric power in Graham County North Carolina. The reservoir is largely surrounded by the Cheoah District of the Nantahala National Forest.
 Bernardino Bilbao Beyner (1788–1844) was a Chilean lawyer and politician. He was born in Santiago in 1788. He died in Valparaíso on September 13 1844. He was the son of Francisco Bilbao and Doña Josefa Gonzalez Beyner Perez.
 Scratchappyland contains selections from the Scratchcratchratchatch mixtape. It was released in 10 format by Ninja Tune (ZEN10KK). Due to heavy use of unlicensed samples the 10 has a label with 'for promotional use only - not for resale' printed on it.
 The Hit is a 2013 book by David Baldacci. This is the second book to feature Will Robie the highly skilled U.S. Government assassin who first appeared in Baldacci's 2012 novel The Innocent. The next book of the series 'The Target' shall be published in 2014.
 Selania is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Book of Haikus is a collection of haiku poetry by Jack Kerouac. It was first published in 2003 and edited by Regina Weinreich. It consists of some 500 poems selected from a corpus of nearly 1000 haiku jotted down by Kerouac in small notebooks.Although most of the poetry in Book of Haikus is original some haiku are paraphrased in Kerouac's prose works:The top of JackMountain—done inBy golden cloudsalso recurs in The Dharma Bums.
 Pizak Khalifehi (Persian: پيزك خليفه اي‎ also Romanized as Pīzak Khalīfeh'ī) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 6 families.
 Cydia duplicana is a small moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in all across Europe extending barely into Asia in the Transcaucasus Turkestan and Kazakhstan.The wingspan is 13–19 mm. Adults are on wing from May or June to the end of July. There is one generation per year.The larvae (caterpillars) feed on European Silver Fir (Abies alba) Norway Spruce (Picea abies) junipers (Juniperus) and pines (Pinus).
 Staying Single When released in Cambodia's main cinema 'Kirirom' (now closed) in March 2007 and premiered on CTN Cambodia's most popular TV channel in October 2007 is a 100-minute romantic comedy from the production company Khmer Mekong Films (KMF).In Staying Single When KMF pioneered the use of real voices.
 Fort Edward is a National Historic Site of Canada in Windsor Nova Scotia Canada (formerly known as Pisiguit) and was built during Father Le Loutre's War. The British built the fort to help prevent the Acadian Exodus from the region. The Fort is most famous for the role it played both in the Expulsion of the Acadians (1755) and in protecting Halifax Nova Scotia from a land assault in the American Revolution.
 The Ernest Street Sewage Pumping Station is an historic site at Ernest and Ellis Streets in Providence Rhode Island.The colonial revival site was built in 1897 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The William H. Berg House is a historic house located at the intersection of Mariposa and Davis Streets in Round Mountain Nevada United States. The house was built from 1914 to 1915 by William H. Berg. Berg built the house with concrete blocks a popular building material at the time due to their cheapness and durability. The house's root cellar which Berg built to store produce from his ranch was built with glass bottles embedded in concrete.
 Dogma is a 12 EP by New Zealand band Tall Dwarfs released in 1987.
 The Sulphur-bellied Bulbul (Iole palawanensis) is a songbird species in the bulbul family (Pycnonotidae).Past studies have argued the species might warrant inclusion in the genus Hypsipetes – as long as this was kept separate from Ixos – as it may be a close relative of the Philippine Bulbul (H. philippinensis) which in turn is closely related to the type species of Hypsipetes the Black Bulbul (H.
 Browntown is a village in Green County Wisconsin United States. The population was 280 at the 2010 census.
 Love Monster (ラブ·モンスター Rabu Monsutā) is a shōjo manga series by Riko Miyagi. It was serialized in Japan by the publishing company Shueisha in the Margaret from 2002 to 2006 and collected in 12 Tankōbon volumes.
 Into a Dark Realm is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist. It is the second book in the Darkwar Saga and was published in 2006. It was preceded by Flight of the Nighthawks and followed by the final book in the saga Wrath of a Mad God.
 Kämpfelbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Stokes Range is a mountain range on Bathurst Island Nunavut Canada. The range is one of the northernmost ranges in the world and of the Arctic Cordillera. Its highest point is 412 m (1352 ft) at Stokes Mountain.
 The Obscure Underwing (Catocala obscura) is a moth of the Noctuidae family. In Canada it is found in southern Quebec (where it is rare) and Ontario and in the United States it is found from Massachusetts and Connecticut south to North Carolina west to Mississippi and north to Iowa Illinois Ohio and Michigan.The wingspan is 60–72 mm. Adults are on wing from July to October depending on the location.The larvae feed on Carya glabra Carya illinoinensis Carya ovata and Juglans nigra.
 River House also known as The Ferry Farm is a historic plantation home located near Millwood Clarke County Virginia. It was built about 1820 and is a two-story five bay rubble limestone dwelling in a vernacular Federal-style. It has a gable roof with wide interior-end chimneys. Also on the property is a rare three-part slave or servants' house and an early smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. It is located in the Greenway Historic District.
 First Baptist Church Kingston is a historic church at 4600 Ninth Avenue North in Birmingham Alabama. It was built in 1961 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Eulima dubia is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of multiple known species to exist within the genus Eulima.
 Kliment Yefremovich Voroshilov (Russian: About this sound Климе́нт Ефре́мович Вороши́лов​  Ukrainian: Климент Охрімович Ворошилов Klyment Okhrimovych Voroshylov) popularly known as Klim Voroshilov (Russian: Клим Вороши́лов Klim Vorošilov) (4 February 1881 – 2 December 1969) was a Soviet military officer and politician.
 Barz (Persian: برز‎ also Romanized as Borz) is a village in Barzrud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 286 in 141 families.
 Charanyca is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
 Dhongee is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Ashok Roy. The film stars Randhir Kapoor Neetu Singh Asrani Prem Nath and in a special appearanceRakesh Roshan.
 Marivani-ye Kakiha (Persian: مريواني كاكيها‎ also Romanized as Marīvānī-ye Kakīhā; also known as Marīvān-e Kahīhā Marīvān-e Kākīhā Marīvānī Mariwāni and Meriwāni) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District Kuzaran District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 103 in 23 families.
 Alefabad (Persian: الف اباد‎ also Romanized as Alefābād) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District Siah Rud District Jolfa County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15 in 4 families.
 Hezekiah Barnard was an American politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as the Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts.
 Moss Kent Platt (May 3 1809 - March 1 1876) was an American merchant and politician from New York.
 Land of Storms (Hungarian: Viharsarok) is a Hungarian drama film released in 2014. The feature film debut of director Ádám Császi the film had its debut at the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.The film stars András Sütő as Szabolcs a young man who returns home to Hungary after quitting his budding football career in Germany and begins a romantic and sexual relationship with Áron (Ádám Varga) an apprentice stonemason from a nearby town.
 Blue Trombone is an LP by J. J. Johnson. An early example of hard bop the album features pianist Tommy Flanagan bassist Paul Chambers and drummer Max Roach. The album was originally released on Columbia Records in 1957 and was reissued on CD by Tristar in 1994.
 Mohebb-e Pain (Persian: محب پائين‎ also Romanized as Moḩebb-e Pā’īn; also known as Kalāteh-ye Moḩebb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Qaen Rural District in the Central District of Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 6 families.
 Masalhan (Persian: مصلحان‎ also Romanized as Maṣalḥān; also known as Qal‘eh Qal‘eh Khalīfeh (Persian: قلعه خليفه) and Qal‘eh-ye Khalīfeh) is a village in Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District Zand District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 609 in 162 families.
 Rahmatabad (Persian: رحمت اباد‎ also Romanized as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 14 families.
 Bijelo Brdo (Serbian: Бијело Брдо) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Mount Sneffels is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is listed as being 14150 feet high. It is the 27th highest 14er in Colorado. It is located in the Mount Sneffels Wilderness of the northern San Juan Mountains in Ouray County approximately 5 miles (8 km) west of the town of Ouray. The summit of Mount Sneffels is the highest point in Ouray County.
 Minyagon is an agricultural village in Homalin Township Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. Extensive fields surround the village.
 Marcia M. Hahn is a politician from the U.S. commonwealth of Pennsylvania. A member of the Republican Party she is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 138th district.
 Jauaperi River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Fast-Walking is a 1982 dramatic prison film directed by James B. Harris. The film is based on Ernest Brawley's 1974 novel The Rap. It was also issued theatrically in the U.S. under the title The Joint. Starring James Woods as Fast-Walking.
 Kolonia Ossa [kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɔssa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odrzywół within Przysucha County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Neighbourhood Threat is the first album released by the heavy metal band Johnny Crash released in 1990. Recorded at Ocean Way Studios Los Angeles and mixed at Battery Studios London. The album features guest appearances by Kingdom Come members Danny Stag and Johnny B. Frank.The title is no doubt taken from the song recorded by first by Iggy Pop and later covered by David Bowie of the same name Neighborhood Threat.After this album August Worchell was replaced by J.J.
 The Pârâul cu Târle is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 Sacabaya (also known as Tambo Quemado) is a pyroclastic shield in Bolivia. It is located on the Altiplano near to the Rio Lauca. The volcano is composed of ignimbrite which has formed a shield. The shield is capped by an area of vents which has many overlapping craters and is elongated in shape. At the southern end lies the youngest of the craters. This crater has a lava dome within it. The peak has fumaroles and its associated tephra deposits have been shaped into sand dunes by wind activity.
 Easton Historic District is a national historic district located at Easton Northampton County Pennsylvania. The district includes 405 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Easton. The buildings were primarily built between 1830 and 1910 with the oldest dated to 1752. Notable buildings include the First Reformed Church (United Church of Christ) Colonel Robert Hooper House former Ormsby's Restaurant First Public Library St.
 Einstein-Rosen Bridge is a 2003 release by Venetian Snares. It features Einstein-Rosen Bridge a track taken from The Chocolate Wheelchair Album along with two alternate versions of the track.
 Back Stage is a 1923 silent Our Gang silent short subject comedy film that is the 13th entry to be released. The film was released on 3 June 1923 and stars Allen Farina Hoskins.
 Spantik or Golden Peak is a mountain in Spantik-Sosbun Mountains subrange of Karakoram in Nagar Valley Gilgit Baltistan Pakistan. Its northwest face features an exceptionally hard climbing route known as the Golden Pillar. It lies east of Diran and northeast of Malubiting.
 Enemy of the Music Business is the ninth album by the British band Napalm Death released in 2000. This album along with Words from the Exit Wound are the only Napalm Death studio albums that were released only on CD until 2013. London based Secret Records has now re-issued the album on CD (with covers EP Leaders Not Followers included as bonus tracks) and 180g LP. This is the very last release that has Jesse Pintado actually performing.
 Lena 20 år is a compilation album released on 24 January 2007 from the Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson. It peaked at #2 at the Swedish album chart.
 Congleton United Reformed Church is located in Antrobus Street Congleton Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Damias postvitrea is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in New Guinea.
 Boston's Boy is the debut EP by American rapper Sammy Adams. The EP was released on March 4 2010 through 1st Round Records.On July 13 2010 Adams released four new tracks to make what he called a deluxe version of Boston's Boy. These tracks include Still I Rise See Me Now Fly Jets Over Boston and Just Sayin'. Still I Rise features G. Curtis who recently signed onto Adams' label.
 Sams River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. A tributary of the Queets River Sams River flows through Olympic National Park and Olympic National Forest. Part of the river's lower course forms the boundary between the national park and national forest.Sams River is 15.7 miles (25.3 km) long. Its drainage basin is 30.8 square miles (80 km2) in area.
 Jesus Antonio Pineda Alarcon (born May 29 1964) better known by his stage name Jestoni Alarcon is a Filipino actor and politician. He was once an Antipolo City Councilor & the vice governor of Rizal Province.
 Peckelachertus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
 Rockwell Mound has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1987. The mound is located in Rockwell Park on North Orange Street in the Illinois River city of Havana in Mason County. Rockwell Mound is one of the site that the Register has denoted as being address restricted because of its special sensitivity. Despite this designation by the Register the mound is operated as a park as of 2007.
 The Psychology of Self-Esteem is a book by Nathaniel Branden first published in 1969. It explains Branden's theories of human psychology focusing on the role of self-esteem. Most of the book was written during Branden's association with Ayn Rand and it reflects some her philosophical ideas. The book's success helped to popularize the idea of self-esteem as an important element of self-improvement.
 The Chocolate Pansy or Chocolate Soldier (Junonia iphita) is a butterfly found in Asia.It is about 5–6 cm (2.0–2.4 in) in wingspan and the female can be told apart from the male by white markings on the oblique line on the underside of the hind wing. The wavy lines on the underside of the wings vary from wet to dry season forms. Individuals maintain a territory and are usually found close to the ground level and often bask in the sun.
 A Light in the Window is a novel written by American author Jan Karon. It is book two of The Mitford Years series. The first edition (ISBN 0-7459-2803-X) was published in hardcover format by Doubleday in 1994.
 St Mary Magdalene's Church Boveney is a redundant Anglican church standing close to the river on the north bank of the Thames near the village of Boveney Buckinghamshire England. It is about 3 kilometres (2 mi) to the west of Eton College. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 The Cathedral Church of Saint Mary and Saint Boniface in Plymouth England is the seat of the Bishop of Plymouth and mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Plymouth which covers the counties of Cornwall Devon and Dorset. The Diocese of Plymouth was created in 1850.
 Abbott-Page House is a registered historic building near Milan Ohio listed in the National Register on 27 May 1975. It was historically used as a single dwelling.
 The Bologa River is a tributary of the Șesu River in Romania.
 The Ridderzaal (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈrɪdərzaːl] Hall of Knights) is the main building of the 13th century Binnenhof in The Hague Netherlands. It is used for the state opening of Parliament on Prinsjesdag when the Dutch monarch drives to Parliament in the Golden Carriage and delivers the speech from the throne. It is also used for official royal receptions and interparliamentary conferences.
 Conklin Farm is a historic farm complex located at Hounsfield in Jefferson County New York. The farm complex consists of a 2 1⁄2-story gable-front double-farmhouse horse barn milk house and garage. Also on the property are the ruins of a cow barn with attached silo and the ruins of a chicken coop.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Cloyd's Creek Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Friendsville Tennessee.Its Greek Revival building was completed in 1872 replacing an older log building. It is a gable-front frame building and has a full-width portico with Doric columns on its main facade. It is the only 19th-century Greek Revival church in Blount County and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Habitaciones Extrañas is the third album of Enanitos Verdes published on 1987. Recorded and mixed in studies Panda. Buenos Aires Fall 1987.
 Jeannie Ugyuk is a Canadian politician who was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Nattilik in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in the 2010 by-election. Her riding of Nattilik encompasses the communities of Gjoa Haven and Taloyoak Nunavut. She became the second woman along with Premier Eva Aariak to sit in the current legislature.
 The Henry Weinhard Brewery complex also the Cellar Building and Brewhouse and Henry Weinhard's City Brewery is a former brewery in Portland Oregon. Since 2000 it and the neighboring A.B. Smith Automotive Building have been on the National Register of Historic Places. In that same year construction began to reuse the property as a multi-block mixed-use development known as the Brewery Blocks.
 The Orange-breasted Sunbird (Anthobaphes violacea) is the only member of the bird genus Anthobaphes however it is sometimes placed in the genus Nectarinia. This sunbird is endemic to the fynbos habitat of southwestern South Africa.
 Agrioceros is a genus of insects in the Ethmiidae family.
 Khorasaneh (Persian: خراسانه‎ also Romanized as Khorāsāneh) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District in the Central District of Bukan County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 63 in 12 families.
 Maybe Tomorrow was the fifth regular album released by The Jackson 5 in 1971. Released after the success of the hit ballad I'll Be There most of the tracks on the album are ballads with few dance numbers. Maybe Tomorrow includes the hit singles Never Can Say Goodbye and Maybe Tomorrow.
 Glinder Au is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 Wayanay (Quechua for swallow hispanicized spelling Huayanay) is a mountain and a massif in the Willkapampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5464 metres (17927 ft) high. The massif is located in the Cusco Region Anta Province Huarocondo District and in the Urubamba Province Ollantaytambo District. Wayanay lies east of the Salkantay and the P'allqay (Palcay Paljay).
 Kerkerbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 İsalı is a village in the District of Ceyhan Adana Province Turkey.
 The Showdown (Hangul: 혈투; RR: Hyultoo; MR: Hyŏlt‘u) is a 2011 South Korean film.
 After the album Love Has No Reason yielded the No. 1 Country single Are You On The Road To Lovin' Me Again Debby Boone returned to producer Larry Butler for her fifth studio album Savin' It Up (No. 49 Country) in 1981. The result was not as successful. The album's first single Perfect Fool only reached No. 23 Country and No. 37 AC. The follow-up It'll Be Him missed the Country Top 40 peaking at No. 46.Boone has since not appeared on any Billboard Country chart.
 Shinya Shokudō (深夜食堂) is a Japanese manga series by Yarō Abe. It won the 55th Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga and it was nominated for the 2nd Manga Taishō. It was adapted into a 10-episode live-action television drama in 2009 followed by second season in 2011.
 Paramjit Kaur Landran (Punjabi: ਪਰਮਜੀਤ ਕੌਰ ਲਾਂਡਰਾਂ) (b. September 29 1971) is a Lawyer Member of Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee for Mohali constituency representing the Shiromani Akali Dal. She was elected to the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee House in the elections held on September 18 2011. She is Chairperson of Punjab State Women Commission Chairperson of Panchayat Mahila Shakti Association Punjab A scheme sponsored by Govt.
 For the album by Sara Bareilles see The Blessed Unrest. For other senses see Blessed Unrest (disambiguation).Blessed Unrest: How the Largest Movement in the World Came into Being and Why No One Saw It Coming is a 2007 New York Times bestseller by Paul Hawken. The book is about the many non-profit groups and community organizations dedicated to many different causes which Hawken calls the “environmental and social justice movement”.
 1 2 to the Bass is esteemed bassist and composer Stanley Clarke's 26th solo album. It was released by Sony Music Entertainment Inc. on April 13 2003. The Track Where Is the Love was nominated for the 2004 Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocals. 1 2 to the Bass has been praised for both showcasing Stanley Clarke's ability on the bass and for its variety of guest artists.
 Cosmosoma dorsimacula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1898. It is found in Ecuador.
 Rudna Mała [ˈrudna ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz within Góra County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
 The Supreme Court Building is the official and principle workplace of the Supreme Court of Pakistan located in 44000 Constitution Avenue Islamabad Pakistan.
 Joculator ziliolii is a species of minute sea snail a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiopsidae. The species was described by Cecalupo and Perugia in 2012.
 False Accusations is an album by The Robert Cray Band released 1985. In the same year Cray won the W.C. Handy blues award for best male artist of 1985.
 Jamshidabad-e Heydar (Persian: جمشيدابادحيدر‎ also Romanized as Jamshīdābād-e Ḩeydar; also known as Jamshīdābād and Ḩamīdābād) is a village in Zagheh Rural District Zagheh District Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 44 in 10 families.
 Cookin' with the Miracles is the second Tamla album by The Miracles and their second of 1961. Berry Gordy and Smokey Robinson co-wrote most of the songs including the two charting singles Ain't It Baby and Everybody's Gotta Pay Some Dues. The album is composed mostly of upbeat R&B tunes with steady string riffs like Determination and Broken Hearted. A cover of the jazz standard Embraceable You by George & Ira Gershwin is also included.
 La Cucina is a 2007 romantic drama written by A. W. Gryphon. The film stars Christina Hendricks Joaquim de Almeida Leisha Hailey & Rachel Hunter. It was directed by first time directors Allison Hebble & Zed B. Starkovich. The film was scored by Ian Ball from the band Gomez. Although Ball had contributed songs to other films such as the Academy Award winning film American Beauty this was his first attempt at scoring an entire film.
 The Church of St. Thomas More is part of a Roman Catholic church complex located on East 89th Street off Madison Avenue the Upper East Side in Manhattan New York City. The parish is under the authority of the Archdiocese of New York. Attached to the complex is the church (1870) a single-cell chapel (1879) a rectory (1880) and a parish house (1893).
 Joyride is a 2005 adventure mystery film from the Netherlands which featured the music from symphonic metal band Epica.
 Bosnia Diaries (Portuguese: Diários da Bósnia) is an independent Portuguese documentary directed by Joaquim Sapinho produced at Rosa Filmes which had its world premiere in 2005 at the Pusan International Film Festival.The film narrates Joaquim Sapinho's experience in Bosnia during and after the Yugoslav Wars.
 The Desert Within (Spanish: Desierto Adentro) is a 2008 Spanish language religion themed drama film written and directed by Uruguayan-born Mexican film-maker Rodrigo Plá. The film was inspired by the diaries of the Christian existentialist philosopher Søren Kierkegaard. It won seven awards at the 2008 Guadalajara International Film Festival.
 Assahifa Al Ousbouia (Arabic: for The Weekly Paper‎) is an Arabic language weekly newspaper in Morocco.
 Infidel (first published 2007) a New York Times bestseller is the autobiography of Ayaan Hirsi Ali originally written in English together with an English-language ghost-writer. Because of publisher agreements the book first appeared in a Dutch translation as Mijn Vrijheid (My Freedom) released on September 29 2006. It was released in English by Free Press on February 1 2007. Out of consideration for her personal safety the book's female ghostwriter remains anonymous.
 Buin (Persian: بوئين‎ also Romanized as Bū’īn and Būyīn) is a village in Sonbolabad Rural District Soltaniyeh District Abhar County Zanjan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1226 in 326 families.
 Segestria is a genus of segestriid spiders that occur mainly in Eurasia. Some species are found in the Americas one in New Zealand and two in North Africa. S. madagascarensis is found in Madagascar.
 Odrodzenie [ɔdrɔˈd͡zɛɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn within Krotoszyn County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 The COPD: Journal of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Diesase is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all aspects of chronic obstructive lung disease and its related conditions.
 Carabus scabrosus common name Huge Violet Ground Beetle is a species of beetles belonging to the Carabidae family.
 Adobe Creek is a 14.2-mile-long (22.9 km) northward-flowing stream originating on Black Mountain in Santa Clara County California United States. It courses through the cities of Los Altos Hills Los Altos and Palo Alto. Historically Adobe Creek was perennial and hosted runs of Steelhead trout entering from southwestern San Francisco Bay.
 Kärkevagge (Northern Sami: Geargevággi Stone Valley) is a short (4 km long) valley in Kiruna Municipality Sweden. It is easily accessed by a good path from the E75 Kiruna-Narvik highway. Rissajaure the clearest lake in Sweden is located at the head of the valley. Karkevagge is noted for the Giant Boulder Deposit (GBD) which fills it with huge jumbled blocks some the size of houses.
 One Museum Park is a skyscraper in Chicago USA. It was designed by Chicago-based architecture firm Pappageorge Haymes Ltd. and is located in the Near South Side community area.
 Martin Liao Cheung-kong JP (Chinese: 廖長江 born 1957) is a member of Legislative Council of Hong Kong for Commercial (Second) constituency and a barrister.
 Minnitaki Lake is a large lake with numerous islands in Kenora District Ontario Canada. The nearest city is Sioux Lookout.
 Saaz is a Hindi movie produced and directed by Sai Paranjpye and released in 1998 starring Aruna Irani and Shabana Azmi in lead roles. The plot is allegedly based on the life of legendary singing sisters of Bollywood Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle. In an interview after the release of the film Asha said Its not true at all. To have two women in long plaits take a couple of incidents and exaggerate them into a 3-hour film is such a waste of time.
 A Country Doctor is a fiction novel by American author Sarah Orne Jewett. The book which was first published in 1884 was based on the relationship between Jewett and her physician father. The main character of A Country Doctor Nan is a young woman that encounters much strife when she decides to go against the traditional values of the day and become a doctor.
 The Arthur W. and Chloe B. Cole House also known as The Octagon House and Cole's Castle is an historic octagonal house located at 5803 Rocky Branch Road in Houston Missouri. Construction began in 1898 and was finished in 1901. Its walls are of poured concrete.On December 10 1998 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Hamiltons is an independent 2006 horror film directed by the Butcher Brothers (Mitchell Altieri and Phil Flores). Cory Knauf stars as a teenager who must decide whether to help the victims that his older siblings have kidnapped.
 The Hilton Brighton Metropole is a 4-star hotel and conference centre located on the seafront in Brighton East Sussex (next to the Grand Hotel which was bombed by the IRA during the 1984 Conservative Party Conference).The architect was Alfred Waterhouse who also was architect of University College London and the Natural History Museum.Currently the UK's largest residential conference centre it was built in 1890 and has 340 bedrooms.
 St John the Baptist's Church Stanton is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Stanton Suffolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Only the tower is intact the body of the church being roofless. The remains of the church stand to the west of the village.
 Todos Tus Muertos is the debut album by Argentine band Todos Tus Muertos released in 1988 and give them some successes needed to be known on a larger scale by taking them on tour in other countries.
 The Pingyao Zhuan translated as The Sorcerer's Revolt or Quelling the Demons is a novel written in the Ming Dynasty and attributed to Luo Guanzhong the 14th-century author of Romance of the Three Kingdoms. In the late 16th century Feng Menglong wrote a longer version of the story expanding the novel to forty chapters from the original twenty. A work in the shenmo genre the novel blends comedy with the supernatural and is an early work of vernacular fiction.
 Cobboldites is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods the trilobites. It lived during the Botomian stage which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago. This faunal stage was part of the Cambrian Period.
 The Derby is an 1895 British short black-and-white silent documentary film produced and directed by Birt Acres for exhibition on Robert W. Paul's Kinetoscopes featuring the end of the May 29 1895 Epsom Derby viewed from a raised position close to the finishing line with the main stand in the distance.
 Uşakpınarı is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey. It is situated on the southern slopes of the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Silifke is 42 kilometres (26 mi) and to Mersin is 127 kilometres (79 mi). The population of Uşakpınarı was 224 as of 2012. The major economic activities of the village are farming and animal breeding.
 Economics Letters is a scholarly peer-reviewed journal of economics that publishes concise communications (letters) that provide a means of rapid and efficient dissemination of new results models and methods in all fields of economic research. Published by Elsevier. The current editor of the journal is Eric Maskin.The journal was established in 1978 and the current editors-in-chief are Badi H. Baltagi Andrew Samwick Pierre-Daniel Sarte Roberto Serrano.
 The Halmahera Cuckooshrike (Coracina parvula) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.It is endemic to Indonesia.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The European Journal of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging (EJNMMI) is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer. It is the official journal of the European Association of Nuclear Medicine. It covers the field of nuclear medicine including dosimetry radiation biology radiochemistry radiopharmacology molecular imaging probes reporter gene assays cell trafficking targeting of endogenous gene expression and antisense methodologies.
 The Kenton Public Library is a historic building in downtown Kenton Ohio United States. One of 109 Carnegie libraries in Ohio it was built in 1905; Carnegie donated $20000 to aid in its construction. An attempt to start a library in Kenton began in 1853 but over thirty years passed before one was actually begun. From 1886 to the opening of the Carnegie library the library was housed in a business block on the city's central square.
 The Aguapeí River (Portuguese Rio Aguapeí) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil. It is a tributary of the Jauru River which in turn is a tributary of the Paraguay River.
 Ajantrik (known internationally as The Unmechanical The Mechanical Man or The Pathetic Fallacy) is a 1958 Indian Bengali film written and directed by parallel filmmaker Ritwik Ghatak. The film is adapted from a Bengali short story of the same name written by Subodh Ghosh.A comedy-drama film with science fiction themes it is one of the earliest Indian films to portray an inanimate object in this case an automobile as a character in the story.
 Butterflies Flowers (Japanese: 蝶よ花よ Hepburn: Chō yo Hana yo) is a manga series written and illustrated by Yuki Yoshihara serialized in Petit Comic and published by Shogakukan in bound volumes between 2006 and 2009. It is about a young woman Choko whose family lost their money and her entry into the office lady workforce working for her former servant and childhood crush Domoto.
 Devasuram (ദേവാസുരം; English: The God Demon) is a 1993 Indian Malayalam-language cult film directed by I. V. Sasi and written by Ranjith Balakrishnan. The film stars Mohanlal Revathi Nedumudi Venu Innocent and Napoleon in lead roles. The rivalry between Mangalassery Neelakantan (Mohanlal) and Mundakkal Shekaran (Napoleon) forms the main theme of the film.
 Eleutherodactylus diaphonus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Colombia.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Mark Patterson is a Republican Idaho State Representative who represented District 15 in the B seat from 2012 to 2014. He gained notoriety in 2013 when it was revealed he had lied about a prior sexual assault conviction on his concealed carry permit.
 The Cannonball Adderley Quintet & Orchestra (also known as Experience in E) is an album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley recorded in Los Angeles California in 1970 featuring performances by Adderley's Quintet featuring Nat Adderley Joe Zawinul Walter Booker and Roy McCurdy with an unidentified orchestra conducted by William Fisher or Lalo Schifrin.
 Stone Fox is a short children's novel by John Reynolds Gardiner. It is the first and best known of Gardiner's books. Stone Fox was acclaimed and very popular when it was published in 1980. It sold three million copies and was turned into a television movie starring Buddy Ebsen Joey Cramer and Gordon Tootoosis and directed by Harvey Hart in 1987. It was named a New York Times Notable Book of the Year for 1980 (Nov. 30 1980. p.
 The Grand Tour is an album by American country music artist George Jones released in 1974 on Epic his fifth for the label. It peaked at #11 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and contained the hit title track which reached a peak of #1 in August 1974; it was his fifth #1 song and his sixth as of that point.
 Nathan Lincoln Hecht (born August 15 1949) is the Chief Justice of the Texas Supreme Court. A Republican from Dallas Hecht was first elected to the Supreme Court in 1988 and was reelected to six-year terms in 1994 2000 and 2006. He secured his fifth six-year term on November 6 2012. He was appointed chief justice by Governor Rick Perry on September 10 2013 and was sworn in by retiring Chief Justice Wallace B. Jefferson on October 1 2013.
 Metarctia heinrichi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1961. It is found in Angola.
 Skokuće is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 105 people.
 Hajla (Montenegrin and Bosnian: Хајла Hajla; Albanian: Hajlë or Hajla) is a mountain located between Kosovo and Montenegro. It has several peaks that reach over 2000 m (6562 ft) the highest having 2403 m (7884 ft) which is also called Hajla. In its northern slopes the river Ibar originates and to its southern slopes is the origin of the Pećka Bistrica river. Hajla is also the highest mountain in the northern part of the Prokletije.
 Peda Avutapalli is a modern village in Krishna District Andhra Pradesh India.Located 25 km distance from vijayawada the coastal hub and 16 km north of River Krishna. The Great Saint Joseph Thambi Shrine located here believed to cure many ailments. Every year there is a feast in the month of January from the 13th to 15th. His dedication work for poor and needy is well talked about.
 They Might Be Giants sometimes called The Pink Album is the eponymous debut album from Brooklyn-based band They Might Be Giants. It was released by Bar/None in 1986. The album generated two singles Don't Let's Start and (She Was A) Hotel Detective.
 Kishacoquillas Creek is a 24.0-mile-long (38.6 km) tributary of the Juniata River in Mifflin County Pennsylvania in the United States.Kishacoquillas Creek (named for a friendly Native American inhabitant) drains the Kishacoquillas Valley running along the foot of the Jacks Mountain ridge where it intersects with Honey Creek before passing through the Mann Narrows water gap and joins the Juniata River at the borough of Lewistown.
 Siripuram is a village and a Gram panchayat of Nalgonda mandal Nalgonda district in Andhra Pradesh state.
 Coleophora adlecta is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Iran.
 Holliston Church is a church in Pasadena California United States. It is located at 1305 East Colorado Boulevard. It primarily serves the Korean community in Pasadena. The building was constructed in 1923.
 Aethes mesomelana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in China (Heilongjiang Hubei Liaoning Shanghai) and Russia (Amur).
 Almost Transparent Blue (限りなく透明に近いブルー Kagirinaku tōmei ni chikai burū Almost Infinitely Transparent Blue) is a 1976 novel written by Japanese author Ryū Murakami that features a portrait of narrator Ryū and his friends trapped in a cycle of sex drugs and rock 'n roll during the 1970s.
 Meet the Residents is the debut studio album by the American avant-garde group The Residents released on April 1 1974 through Ralph Records.
 American Dragons (also known as Double Edge) is a 1998 action adventure film starring Michael Biehn Park Joong-hoon Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa Don Stark and Byron Mann. It was directed by Ralph Hemecker written by Erik Saltzgaber and Keith W. Strandberg and produced by Brad Krevoy.Detective Tony Luca (Michael Biehn) is sent on a homicide investigation of a Yakuza leader after a bungled undercover sting to capture notorious gangster Rocco (Don Stark).
 Life Won't Wait is the fourth studio album by the American punk rock band Rancid. It was released on June 30 1998 through Epitaph Records. It was released as the follow-up to ...And Out Come the Wolves (1995).
 The First Street Historic District also known as the Main Street Historic District is a commercial historic district in Menominee Michigan containing over 40 structures spread over a 29 acres (12 ha) area. The district is roughly bounded by Fourth Avenue the north side of Tenth Avenue Second Street and the Green Bay Shoreline; the boundaries are approximately equivalent to what is locally known as the Historic Waterfront Downtown.
 Colding-Walker House also known as Robwood is a historic home located at Appleton Allendale County South Carolina. The original section was built about 1853 and is a 1 1/2-story side gabled massed plan residence set upon a raised brick basement. The house was extensively renovated in the late 1890s. A full-width wrap-around porch embellished with Victorian spindlework detailing and gable front portico dominates the main façade. It is a fine example of Folk Victorian style architecture.
 Tuff Turf is a 1985 American drama film starring James Spader and Kim Richards. The film was released in the United States on January 11 1985.
 The Journal of Law and Economics is an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press. It publishes articles on the economic analysis of regulation and the behavior of regulated firms the political economy of legislation and legislative processes law and finance corporate finance and governance and industrial organization. The journal is sponsored by the University of Chicago Law School.
 Pansareh (Persian: پنساره‎ also Romanized as Pānsāreh) is a village in Bazman Rural District Bazman District Iranshahr County Sistan and Baluchestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 12 families.
 Finding Darwin's God: A Scientist's Search for Common Ground Between God and Evolution is a 2000 book by the American cell biologist and Roman Catholic Kenneth R. Miller wherein he argues that evolution does not contradict religious faith. Miller argues that evolution occurred that the earth is not young that science must work based on methodological naturalism and that evolution cannot be construed as an effective argument for atheism.
 The spotted garden eel Heteroconger hassi or lazy gob is a conger of the family Congridae found in Indo-Pacific oceans at depths of between 7 and 45 m. Length is up to 40 cm and the body diameter is up to about 14 mm. The species live in abundant colonies of up to a few thousand on sandy burrows close to corals and reefs. The lazy gobs point their mouths towards the underwater current in order to catch drifting zooplankton.
 Lampronia redimitella is a moth of the Prodoxidae family. It is found in Fennoscandia the Baltic region Poland the Czech Republic and Germany.The wingspan is 9-11.5 mm. The forewings are brown with a purple and yellowish sheen and two pale yellow transverse bands. Adults are on wing in May and June.The larvae feed on the buds of Ribes spicatum and Ribes alpinum.
 The Helmeted Pygmy Tyrant (Lophotriccus galeatus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia French Guiana Guyana Peru Suriname and Venezuela.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
 The Pârâul Mielului or Izvorul Mielului River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 Stalingrad (Russian: Сталинград) is a 1989 two-part Soviet-East German-Czechoslovak-American co-production directed by Yuri Ozerov who also wrote the script. The film revolves around the Battle of Stalingrad.
 The Bridge is the debut and only studio album by American punk-emo band Letter Kills. Produced by Jim Wirt the album was released on July 2 2004 through Island Records.
 Kandamış is a village in the District of Bolu Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 67 people.
 The Cathedral of Saint Peter-in-Chains is a Roman Catholic Cathedral in Peterborough Ontario Canada. The Cathedral is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Peterborough. The parish was established in 1826 to serve the large Irish population in the area. When the Diocese was established in 1882 the parish became a cathedral. The current building was built in 1837-8 in the Gothic Revival style then popular in Upper Canada; it is one of the oldest remaining Catholic Churches in Ontario.
 Fawzi Abdel A'al (Arabic: فوزي عبدالعال‎; born 1971) is a prosecutor and a Libyan politician born in the city of Misrata in 1971. He was named Interior Minister on 22 November 2011 by Abdurrahim El-Keib. Prior to the 2011 Libyan civil war Fawzi worked as a prosecutor at the Misratta Central Court. Fawzi lost one of his brothers during the 2011 civil war.
 Firmin: Adventures of a Metropolitan Lowlife (2006) is the second novel by author Sam Savage about a rat runt in 1960s Boston who learns to read. In 2006 Coffee House Press published Firmin: Adventures of a Metropolitan Lowlife. In 2007 the Spanish publishing house Seix Barral purchased the world rights to Firmin including English-language rights. The novel subsequently became a bestseller in Europe
 Drachma is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 The Washington Avenue Bridge in Waco Texas was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Nord is the debut full-length album by French post-metal band Year of No Light released in 2006. It was originally released by Radar Swarm (CD) E-Vinyl & Atropine (LP) and reissued later by Crucial Blast for the U.S. version.
 Noah and the Whale Presents the A Sides is a limited edition EP released on 25 December 2008 by the folk rock band Noah and the Whale on Mercury Records Limited.
 Paluzy [paˈluzɨ] (German Plausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland.
 Alone is the first mini album by Korean girl group Sistar. The album was released on April 12 2012 with the song of same title being used as the promotional song.
 The Unterberghorn (1773 m AA) in the Austrian district of Kitzbühel in Tyrol is the highest peak between the mountain ranges of the Wilder Kaiser and Loferer Steinberge.The horn or pyramidal peak has two summits - its subpeak is the Hefferthorn (1735 m) - and is the local mountain (Hausberg) for the villages of Kössen (near the Bavarian border) and St. Johann in Tirol between which it rises west of the valley of the River Großache.
 Alexandra Hospital (Abbreviation: AH; Chinese: 亚历山大医院) is a 400-bed hospital located in the south-western part of Singapore. Nestled in a 110000 square metre land the hospital is a picture of tranquil setting lined with mostly colonial style buildings built since the late 1930s. Under British rule it was known as the British Military Hospital. It is remembered as the site of a massacre during the World War II Japanese occupation.
 Eagle Lake is an elongated lake in shape located in the northern portion of Eagle Lake Florida. This lake is a natural freshwater lake with a 647-acre (2620000 m2) surface area. Eagle Lake is bordered by residences of Eagle Lake and Polk County.The City of Eagle Lake maintains a boat ramp dock and recreation area on the Eastern shore of Eagle Lake. Eagle Avenue leads directly into the public parking and access areas.
 Celastrina acesina is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in south-eastern Papua New Guinea.
 Jericho is a village in Chittenden County Vermont United States. The population was 1457 at the 2000 census.
 Current Eye Research is a medical journal covering all areas of ophthalmology. Areas covered include: clinical research anatomy physiology biophysics biochemistry pharmacology developmental biology microbiology and immunology
 The western galaxias (Galaxias occidentalis) also called the western minnow is a species of fish in the genus Galaxias of small Southern Hemisphere freshwater fish of the family Galaxiidae. It is endemic to southwestern Western Australia.
 Cryptassiminea surryensis is a species of minute operculate snail a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae.
 Midnight Moods is a Jazz album by Bucky Pizzarelli recorded in 1960 on the Savoy label.
 Ratkovići (Goražde) is a village in the municipality of Goražde Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Planty [ˈplantɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo within Białystok County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Michałowo and 38 km (24 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
 Sphingini is a tribe of moths of the Sphingidae family.
 Driskill Mountain (also referred to as Mount Driskill) is the highest natural summit in Louisiana with an elevation of 535 feet (163 m) above sea level. It lies about 5.3 miles (8.5 km) southeast of Bryceland Louisiana. It is located in the northeastern corner of Sec. 32 T. 17 N. R. 5 W. within Bienville Parish.Driskill Mountain is a landform created by the erosion of unlithified Paleogene sediment. Its summit consists of nonmarine quartz sands of the Cockfield Formation.
 Schmala is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Rhinolophus ziama is a species of bat in the Rhinolophidae family. It is found in Guinea Liberia and Sierra Leone. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Architectural History is the main journal of the Society of Architectural Historians of Great Britain (SAHGB).The journal is published each autumn and usually comprises around 400 pages. The architecture of the British Isles is a major theme of the journal but articles can consider all places and periods. All articles are double peer-reviewed anonymously; acceptance is dependent on satisfactory referees' comments and revision.
 Carpe Jugulum (/ˈkɑrpi ˈdʒʌɡjʉləm/; Latatian for seize the throat cf. Carpe diem) is a comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett the twenty-third in the Discworld series. It was first published in 1998. In Carpe Jugulum Terry Pratchett pastiches the traditions of vampire literature playing with the mythic archetypes and featuring a tongue-in-cheek reversal of 'vampyre' subculture with young vampires who wear bright clothes drink wine and stay up until noon.
 Kabilasi is a Village Development Committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7050 people residing in 1362 individual households.
 L'Hermitage is a Greek Revival plantation home. Marius Pons Bringier commissioned the home to be built in Burnside Louisiana as a wedding gift for his son Michel Doradou in 1812. Michel served as an aide to Andrew Jackson on the Chalmette battlefield in the War of 1812. L'Hermitage was named after General Andrew Jackson's home in Tennessee. The Jacksons visited here in the 1820s.
 Death Without Dignity: The Story of the First Nursing Home Corporation Indicted for Murder is a true crime non-fiction book by American author Steven Long that was released in 1987 by Texas Monthly Press. It was Long's first book written while he was publisher and editor of the alternative weekly newspaper In Between.
 Cheonjusan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 824 metres.
 The sage-grouse are the two species in the bird genus Centrocercus. They are the largest grouse from temperate North America. Adults have a long pointed tail and legs with feathers to the toes. Like in most Galliformes there is pronounced sexual dimorphism.
 Harrison's Flowers is a 2001 French film by Elie Chouraqui. It stars among others Andie MacDowell Elias Koteas Brendan Gleeson Adrien Brody Marie Trintignant Gerard Butler and David Strathairn.Universal Pictures released this film in the United States theatrically then Lionsgate released this film in the United States on DVD.For this film's United States version the film's length was reduced by about 5 minutes; it also features a new score by Cliff Eidelman.
 Bumping Lake is a lake and reservoir along the course of the Bumping River in Yakima County Washington state USA.The lake is used as a storage reservoir for the Yakima Project an irrigation project run by the United States Bureau of Reclamation. Although a natural lake Bumping Lake's capacity and discharge is controlled by Bumping Lake Dam a 60 foot (18 m) high earthfill structure built in 1910 and modified in the 1990s.
 Mappershainer Kopf is a mountain peak in Hesse Germany part of the Taunus range.It rises to a height of 548 m making it the highest peak in the western part of the Taunus.
 George Earl Hearn (September 21 1926 – September 11 2010) was from 1965 to 2000 a professor of psychology at Baptist-affiliated Louisiana College in Pineville Louisiana and a former two-term member of the Pineville City Council under then Mayor Fred H. Baden.
 Pizzo di Campel (2376 m) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located south-east of Soazza in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the Val de la Forcola and the Val de Montogn.
 Eslamabad-e Jelin (Persian: اسلام ابادجلين‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Jelīn; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Estarabad-e Jonubi Rural District in the Central District of Gorgan County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1288 in 278 families.
 Jasin [ˈjaɕin] (German: Jansen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin within Rypin County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Dixie Square Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in Harvey Illinois United States at the junction of 151st Street and the Dixie Highway. It stood vacant for over 30 years more than twice as long as it was in business. It was famous for having been used both inside and out for the mall chase scene in the movie The Blues Brothers.
 Kinda Country is an album released by Eerie Von in 2009 on Ghastly Records. It is Eerie Von's fifth album since he left the metal band Danzig. The album is notable for being the first by Eerie Von not to fit into the rock genre instead featuring a dark country-style sound. The choice of album title was inspired by this fact. Eerie Von first began writing songs from Kinda Country as far back as 1996.
 Tomorrow Morning is a 2010 studio album by Eels—the third in a trilogy of concept albums including Hombre Lobo (2009) and End Times (2010). The band toured for the first time since their 2008 An Evening with Eels tour to support this release.The album has been released on Compact Disc a two-CD edition with a bonus EP and a vinyl edition with the EP and a bonus 7 single. The vinyl edition was released on August 17 2010 and the CD versions followed on August 24.
 Monthly Ikki (月刊IKKI Gekkan Ikki) is a monthly seinen manga magazine published by Shogakukan. It tends to specialize in underground or alternative manga but has had its share of major hits as well. Notably both Bokurano and Ride Back have received anime adaptations. In 2009 Viz Media launched an online English version of Ikki named Sigikki. The website serializes various titles from Ikki online and then when a title proves to be popular it receives publication in graphic novel form.
 Tajabad (Persian: تاج اباد‎ also Romanized as Tājābād) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District Esmaili District Anbarabad County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 50 in 13 families.
 John F. Lehman Jr. (born September 14 1942) is an American investment banker and writer who served as Secretary of the Navy in the Reagan administration where he promoted the creation of a 600 ship Navy. In 2003–04 he was a member of the 9/11 Commission.Lehman currently serves on the National Security Advisory Council for the Center for Security Policy (CSP) and on the board of trustees for the think tank Foreign Policy Research Institute (FPRI).
 The Indija is a river in Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 5.8 kilometres and has a drainage basin area of 10.2 km².
 Bobbili Yuddham (The Bobbili War) (Telugu: బొబ్బిలి యుద్ధం) is a 1964 Telugu historical film produced and directed by C. Seetaram. The story is about the Battle of Bobbili between Bobbili and Vizianagaram kingdoms in 1757.
 Conewango Creek is a 71-mile-long (114 km) tributary of the Allegheny River in Pennsylvania and western New York in the United States.The creek's drainage covers much of southeastern Chautauqua County New York and southwestern Cattaraugus County New York. The creek's most notable tributary is the Chadakoin River which supplies the creek water from Chautauqua Lake. Its watershed is bounded by the Chautauqua Ridge a continental divide.
 The Compleat Beatles released in 1982 is a two-hour documentary chronicling the career of the The Beatles. Though it has since been supplanted by the longer and more in-depth documentary Beatles Anthology The Compleat Beatles was for many years largely regarded as the definitive film about the Beatles.
 At 2329 metres above sea level the Ackerlspitze is the second highest peak in the Kaisergebirge range in the east of the Austrian state of Tyrol. The mountain is located in the eastern part of the range also referred to as the Ostkaiser or East Kaiser. To the east it is flanked by the Maukspitze (2.231 m) to the north it sends a ridge to the Lärcheck (2123 m). To the southwest a prominent rocky arête runs over to the Regalmspitze (2253 m) and on to the Kleines Törl.
 Alawattegama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 Mona Lisa is a crater on Venus at latitude 25.6 longitude 25.1. It is 79.4 km in diameter and was named after Lisa Giacondo Leonardo da Vinci's model.
 Rohrhaldenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 They Will Have Their Way is a compilation album featuring covers by New Zealand & Australian artists of songs originally written and performed by brothers Tim & Neil Finn. A successor to the highly successful 2005 album She Will Have Her Way and 2010 album He Will Have His Way They Will Have Their Way includes tracks by both male and female artists mainly from the two previous releases. The album was released 28 October 2011.They Will Have Their Way debuted at No.
 Monte Linzone is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Mysterious Pilot (1937) is a Columbia movie serial based on the book by William Byron Mowery and starring the record-breaking aviator Frank Hawks. This was the second serial produced by Columbia.
 The Sociable Weaver (Philetairus socius) also commonly known as the common social weaver common social-weaver and social weaver is a species of bird in the Passeridae family endemic to Southern Africa. It is monotypic within the genus Philetairus. It is found in South Africa Namibia and Botswana. but their range is centered within the Northern Cape Province of South Africa . They build large compound community nests a rarity among birds.
 Kimberly Yee (born February 23 1974 in Phoenix Arizona) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Arizona Senate representing District 20 since January 14 2013. Yee served consecutively in the Arizona State Legislature from January 10 2011 until January 14 2013 in the Arizona House of Representatives District 10 seat.
 One of Us is the third studio album by the Cincinnati indie rock group Pomegranates released October 26 2010 on Afternoon Records. It was produced by TJ Lipple of Aloha.
 The Door in the Wall is a 1949 novel by Marguerite de Angeli that received the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1950.
 Pseudoceros lindae  common name Linda's flatworm is a marine Flatworm species that belongs to the Pseudocerotidae family.
 Rjabovana is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Dyscia.
 The fictional superhero team Fantastic Four featured in Marvel Comics publication have appeared in three feature films since its inception. The films are based around four main characters known formally as Reed Richards Susan Storm Ben Grimm and Johnny Storm and how they adapt to the superpowers they attain.Constantin Film bought the movie rights for the characters in the mid-1980s. A low-budget film was produced in 1992 in order to retain the license.
 A Walk Across the Rooftops is the debut album from Glaswegian adult contemporary/pop group The Blue Nile released on 30 April 1984 on Linn Records in the UK and on A&M Records in the US. Although the album was released to little fanfare and was not a big hit on its initial release it slowly accumulated fans and sales through word of mouth as the years passed and by the time the follow-up Hats was released in 1989 A Walk Across the Rooftops had sold 80000 copies.
 In Search of The La's: A Secret Liverpool is a biography about The La's written by M.W. Macefield published in 2003 by Helter Skelter Publishing. The book gives a detailed history of the band with interviews from several ex-members and other persons related to the group. The author also discusses his own journey in tracking down each of the interviewees.
 The Beast that Shouted Love at the Heart of the World is a 1968 science fiction short story by American writer Harlan Ellison. It won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1969.
 Aralluy-e Bozorg (Persian: ارالوي بزرگ‎ also Romanized as Ārāllūy-e Bozorg; also known as Ārāllū-ye Bozorg Bīlah Daraq and Bīlah Daraq-e Fūlādlū) is a village in Fuladlui Shomali Rural District Hir District Ardabil County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 2276 in 448 families.
 The Leopoldsteinersee is a mountain lake in Styria in the east of Austria about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) northwest of the city of Eisenerz. The lake is named after the nearby Leopoldstein Castle.
 Ali Zogheyr (Persian: علي ضغير‎ also Romanized as ‘Alī Zogheyr) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District Shavur District Shush County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 385 in 49 families.
 Panagaeus bipustulatus is a species of ground beetle native to Europe and the Near East.
 At Club Baby Grand is a live album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded at Club Baby Grand in Wilmington Delaware in 1956 and originally released in two volumes on the Blue Note label.
 Bouchardina is a genus of North American crayfish containing a single species Bouchardina robisoni. It can be found in the bayou basins of southwestern Arkansas and has no common name. It is listed as Data Deficient on the IUCN Red List.
 Gumi is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5683 people living in 965 individual households.
 Sol Veritas Lux is a CD release by the English folk/rock band Sol Invictus. It combines the first Sol Invictus release the mini-LP Against the Modern World with the second release the live album In the Jaws of the Serpent onto one CD.The music of this release is dark rough and primitive and counts among the earliest efforts of the post-industrial neofolk music scene.
 Bjorelvnes is a village in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county Norway. The village is located about 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) north of Finnsnes along the Gisundet strait directly across the strait from the village of Gibostad. The village of Langnes lies about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) east of Bjorelvnes. Lenvik Church is located in Bjorelvnes.
 Silver Lake is a 333-acre (1.35 km2) water body located in Cheshire County in southwestern New Hampshire in the towns of Harrisville and Nelson. Water from Silver Lake flows via Minnewawa Brook and The Branch to the Ashuelot River a tributary of the Connecticut River.
 Every Breath You Take: The Singles is the debut compilation album by The Police released in 1986. In 1990 the album was repackaged in New Zealand Australia and Spain as Their Greatest Hits with a different cover.
 The House of Dies Drear is a novel by Virginia Hamilton published by Macmillan in 1968 with illustrations by Eros Keith. The story takes place in 1968. Thomas Small a 13-year-old African American boy moves with his family into a house that was once part of the Underground Railroad that is in Ohio. His father Mr. Small tells Thomas that the caretaker of the house is Mr. Pluto. People think he is the devil because Mr.
 Styggevatnet is a glacier lake from the glacier Jostedalsbreen in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The lake lies just southeast of the lake Austdalsvatnet. The lake is regulated by a dam and it empties into the river Jostedøla.
 555 California Street formerly Bank of America Center and locally known as Triple Nickel[citation needed] is a 52-story 779 ft (237 m) skyscraper in San Francisco California. It is the second tallest building in the city the largest by floor area and a focal point of the Financial District.
 Kottayi-I is a village in Palakkad district in the state of Kerala India. Kottayi-I and Kottayi-II come under the Kottayi gram panchayat.
 The Toirano Caves (Italian: Grotte di Toirano) are a remarkable karst cave system located in the municipality of Toirano in the province of Savona Liguria. They are some remarkable show caves of Italy and one of the most notables of the region.
 The Wildcat Cafe is a popular summer restaurant in Yellowknife Northwest Territories Canada located in what was then the central business district of the city. It is a vintage log cabin structure and represents the mining camp style of early Yellowknife. The structure is a City of Yellowknife Heritage Building designated in 1992. First opened in 1937 by owners Willie Wylie and Smokey Stout it is said to be the oldest restaurant in Yellowknife.
 Singra is a village in Kamrup rural district situated near north bank of river Brahmaputra.
 Grądy Szlacheckie [ˈɡrɔndɨ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło within Wyszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 The Hands That Thieve is the fifth studio album by the American ska-punk band Streetlight Manifesto. It is their first studio album since 2010's 99 Songs of Revolution: Vol. 1 and their first album of original material since 2007's Somewhere in the Between. In addition to the Streetlight album an acoustic version of the album (titled The Hand That Thieves) was intended to be released by Toh Kay but was canceled.
 The Jade Peony is a novel by Wayson Choy. It was first published in 1995 by Douglas and McIntyre.The novel features stories told by three siblings Jook-Liang Jung-Sum and Sek-Lung or Sekky.
 Karaiyellam Shenbagapoo is a 1980 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by G.N.Rangarajan starring Prathap Pothan and Sripriya in lead roles.
 Afrasura numida is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Cameroon the Democratic Republic of Congo Gabon Ghana and Nigeria.
 Flagpole Magazine often abbreviated to simply Flagpole is an American alternative newsweekly that focuses on the cultural scene of Athens Georgia and its surrounding communities. It was founded by Jared Bailey and Dennis Greenia in 1984 and is currently edited and published by Pete McCommons. The publication covers local music politics news features and news related to the town that is also the home of the University of Georgia.
 Three-Ten to Yuma is a short story written by Elmore Leonard that was first published in Dime Western Magazine a 1950s pulp magazine in March 1953. It is one of the very few Western stories that has been adapted to the screen twice in 1957 and in 2007.
 Chandradeo Prasad Rajbhar (born 2 January 1953) is an Indian politician for the Ghosi (Lok Sabha constituency) in Uttar Pradesh.
 Chah-e Pudeh (Persian: چاه پوده‎ also Romanized as Chāh-e Pūdeh) is a village in Gavkan Rural District in the Central District of Rigan County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Jacob Thomas Schell (December 27 1850 – July 29 1916) was a merchant and political figure. He represented Glengarry in the Canadian House of Commons from 1900 to 1908 as a Liberal member.He was born in East Oxford Township Canada West in 1850 the son of Jacob Schell and educated in Woodstock. He is Great Grandson of Johann Christian Schell a Palatine German from German Flatts New York who died fighting for the Americans in 1782 on his farm.
 Escapade is a 1957 French adventure film directed by Ralph Habib.
 Pilgrimage is a 1933 American drama film directed by John Ford.
 Teresa Henry is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives representing District 96 since 2004.
 Rebecca S. Becky Skillman (born September 26 1950 in Bedford Indiana) served as the 49th Lieutenant Governor of the State of Indiana from 2005 to 2013. She is a member of the Republican Party. She was sworn in on January 10 2005.
 The Hochfernerspitze is a mountain in the Zillertal Alps in South Tyrol.
 Haplochromis sp. nov. 'parvidens-like' is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family. It is endemic to Uganda.
 Mending Wall is the first full length album by Toronto-based band Chalk Circle. Named after a Robert Frost poem it was released in 1987 by Duke Street Records.Many of the album's songs dealt with issues that were big news makers of the day. This Mourning dealt with nuclear annihilation while N.I.M.B.Y (Not In My Back Yard) dealt with environmental issues.A quick reissue of the album featured as an additional track a cover of T-Rex's 20th Century Boy. This was also released as a single.
 Clearfield County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located in Clearfield Pennsylvania United States. It is located directly across from another historic landmark the Dimeling Hotel. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick structure constructed in 1860 in the Second Empire style. An addition was completed in 1884. It features a square brick clock tower with a bell shaped roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Kuderewszczyzna [kudɛrɛfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka within Sokółka County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Dąbrowa Białostocka 37 km (23 mi) north-west of Sokółka and 64 km (40 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
 Songbook (published in the United Kingdom as 31 Songs) is a 2002 collection of 26 essays by English writer Nick Hornby about songs and (more often) the particular emotional resonance they carry for him. In the UK Sony released a stand-alone CD A Selection of Music from 31 Songs featuring 18 songs. The hardcover edition of Songbook published in the US by McSweeney's and illustrated by Marcel Dzama includes a CD with 11 of the songs featured in the book.
 The Printzhof located in Governor Printz Park in Essington Pennsylvania was the home of Johan Björnsson Printz governor of New Sweden.In 1643 Johan Printz moved his capital from Fort Christina (located in what is now Wilmington Delaware) to Tinicum Island. At that time Fort Gothenburg was established in addition to Printz’s dwelling and headquarters. Two years later a fire swept over the newly established settlement. The Printzhof was reconstructed more solidly and lavishly.
 Around the World in 80 Days (sometimes spelled as Around the World in Eighty Days) is a 1956 Technicolor adventure comedy film starring David Niven and Cantinflas produced by the Michael Todd Company and released by United Artists.The epic picture was directed by Michael Anderson and produced by Mike Todd with Kevin McClory and William Cameron Menzies as associate producers. The screenplay was written by James Poe John Farrow and S. J.
 Rock Spectacle is the debut live album by Barenaked Ladies (BNL). This was the album that finally broke the American market for BNL with the live version of Brian Wilson and a release of The Old Apartment from Born on a Pirate Ship featuring this live version becoming hits and Rock Spectacle selling over a million copies there alone.
 A Song For All Seasons was a 1978 album by progressive rock band Renaissance. It marked the return of electric guitars to the band's music after several years of absence.
 Geneva Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located at Geneva in Ontario County New York. The armory consists of a long shallow rectangular five-story hip-roofed administration building with an attached 1 1⁄2-story rectangular gable-roofed drill shed. The original section of the administration building was built in 1892 and designed by architect Isaac G. Perry.
 Morellia aenescens is a fly from the family Muscidae.
 Cefn Gwyngul is a long broad ridge to the east of the Rhondda Fach valley in Rhondda Cynon Taf County Borough in South Wales. Its 470m high summit is marked by an ancient cairn known as Carn-y-Pigwn on which is a more recent trig point. Much of the hill is cloaked by modern forestry plantations though its southwestern flank between Porth and Ferndale has not been coniferised. The earthworks of a Roman camp remain on the ridge at OS grid ref ST 002982.
 Frank-ly Speaking is an album by American jazz pianist Horace Parlan featuring performances recorded in 1978 and released on the Danish-based SteepleChase label.
 Isham Talbot (1773 – September 25 1837) was a United States Senator from Kentucky.Born in Bedford County Virginia Isham Talbot Jr. moved with his parents Isham and Elizabeth (Davis) Talbot to Harrodsburg Kentucky in about 1784. He was admitted to the bar and began his legal practice in Versailles Kentucky. He moved to Frankfort Kentucky where he also was a lawyer.Talbot served in the Kentucky Senate from 1812 to 1815.
 The Toof Building is a commercial brick structure with exterior terra cotta elements built in the architectural style of the Chicago School. It is located on Madison Ave in downtown Memphis Tennessee adjacent to AutoZone Park a minor league baseball stadium.Architect G. M. Shaw designed the structure for S. C. Toof & Co. the oldest printing company in Memphis it was built in 1913 to serve as a production and administrative facility for the company.
 Piedmont Camp Meeting Grounds Historic District is a national historic district located at Piedmont Montgomery County Virginia. The district encompasses 22 contributing buildings associated with a seasonal religious campground. The district includes a large rustic tabernacle (1939) a group ofsmall frame cabins a dining hall in a former church building (c. 1910) the concrete block Piedmont Pentecostal Holiness Church (1936 1957) and the nave-plan Piedmont Methodist Church (c.
 Cosby is a village in Andrew County Missouri United States. The population was 124 at the 2010 census. It is part of the St. Joseph MO–KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Keith Sweat is the fifth studio album by American R&B recording artist Keith Sweat. The album was released on June 25 1996. The single Twisted made it to #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 his biggest hit ever on that chart. Nobody peaked at #3 on the same chart.
 Xanthyris is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Mazraeh-ye Mehdiabad (Persian: مزرعه مهدي اباد‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Mehdīābād) is a village in Kamin Rural District in the Central District of Pasargad County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 27 in 5 families.
 Davit Bakradze (Georgian: დავით ბაქრაძე) (born July 1 1972) is a Georgian politician and diplomat who served as the Chairman of the Parliament of Georgia from June 7 2008 to October 21 2012.
 The Barca snakehead Channa barca is a rare species of snakehead. Its type location is Goalpara a small city on the southern banks of the Brahmaputra River in Assam India. In Assam it is locally known as cheng garaka or garaka cheng.
 Windermere is the largest natural lake in England. It is a ribbon lake formed in a glacial trough after the retreat of ice at the start of the current interglacial. It has been one of the country's most popular places for holidays and summer homes since the arrival of the Kendal and Windermere Railway's branch line in 1847. It is in the county of Cumbria and entirely within the Lake District National Park.
 Nice Bombs is a 2006 documentary film directed by Iraqi-American filmmaker Usama Alshaibi about his return to his home country to visit his family after the 2003 invasion of Iraq. The film is co-produced by Alshaibi's wife Kristie Alshaibi and co-executive produced by Studs Terkel.
 Live for Now! is an album by Iron Cross released in 2001.
 Kurs Ali (Persian: كورس علي‎ also Romanized as Kūrs ʿAlī; also known as Kūrsalī) is a village in Hana Rural District in the Central District of Semirom County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Adrenaline Rush: The Science of Risk is a 2002 IMAX documentary film that explores the human biology behind risk-taking—why it gives some people such a powerful physical lift and why the human mind and body craves danger. In addition filmmaker Marc Fafard presents an up-close look at two of the most dangerous and exciting human pastimes: parachuting and base-jumping.
 The Ruddy Ground Dove (Columbina talpacoti) is a small New World tropical dove. It is a resident breeder from Mexico south to Peru Brazil and Paraguay and northern Argentina and on Trinidad and Tobago.
 Shad Neshin (Persian: شادنشين‎ also Romanized as Shād Neshīn; also known as Shāh Neshīn) is a village in Chubar Rural District Ahmadsargurab District Shaft County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 309 in 84 families.
 Black Beauty is a 1994 film adaptation of Anna Sewell's novel by the same name directed by Caroline Thompson in her directorial debut. The film stars Andrew Knott Sean Bean and David Thewlis. The film is also treated as an autobiography of the horse Black Beauty as in the original novel and is narrated by Alan Cumming as the voice of the 'Black Beauty'. This is the fifth feature film adaptation of the 1877 classic novel by Anna Sewell.
 The Chinese moon moth (Actias sinensis) is a moth of the Family Saturniidae.
 The Scandic Victoria Tower is a skyscraper hotel in the Kista district of Stockholm Sweden. It is also known as the Victoria Tower however the Scandic name is used to distinguish it from the Victoria Tower that forms the southwest end of the Palace of Westminster. The 117 metre hotel is the tallest building in Stockholm as well as the tallest hotel in Scandinavia. It is named for the Princess Victoria the heiress-apparent to the Swedish throne.
 Gakuen Heaven (学園ヘヴン Gakuen Hevun lit: Academy Heaven) is a media franchise originating from the PC game Gakuen Heaven: Boy's Love Scramble originally released by the company SPRAY. The franchise gradually expanded to include more games drama CDs manga and anime.
 Murder by Family a non-fiction true crime book written by Kent Whitaker. The book was released on September 23 2008 by Howard Books.
 Sagne Mauritania is a village and rural commune in Mauritania.
 Lin Chin-tien (Chinese: 林金田; pinyin: Lín Jīntián) is a politician in the Republic of China. He currently serves as the Political Deputy Minister of Culture of the Republic of China since 20 May 2012.
 Charitodoron agulhasensis is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.
 The Journal of Social Issues is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues along with Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy and Social Issues and Policy Review. The journal was established in 1945. The current editor-in-chief is Sheri R. Levy (Stony Brook University). The journal covers human and social issues such as poverty privacy youth violence social class and education.
 '68 is a monthly comic book series created by writer Mark Kidwell and published by Image Comics about a zombie apocalypse set in 1968 during the Vietnam War and the peace movement against the war. The stories follow the survivors both military and civilian in both Vietnam and the United States.The series is marketed as various limited series for each story or one-shots. The origin of the comic dates back to 2006 when the comic simply titled '68 was published.
 The Pannonian island mountains (Serbian: Panonske ostrvske planine Панонске острвске планине Croatian: Panonske otočne planine is a name for mountains located in the southern Pannonian Plain in the Serbian province of Vojvodina. They include Fruška Gora and Vršac Mountains. In prehistoric times these mountains were islands of the ancient Pannonian Sea that disappeared about 600000 years ago.
 Drum is the 1976 sequel to the film Mandingo and released by United Artists. Starring Warren Oates Pam Grier (as Pamela Grier) and Ken Norton and directed by Steve Carver it parodies nineteenth-century American slavery like its predecessor. Like Mandingo Drum was based on the Kyle Onstott novel of the same name.
 The Caracol River (Tocantins) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 El Quartelejo or El Cuartelejo (from Spanish cuartelejo meaning far quarter or district) is the name given to the archeological remains of the northernmost Indian pueblo and the only known pueblo in Kansas. Located in Lake Scott State Park the remains of the stone and adobe pueblo are situated north of Scott City Kansas on Ladder Creek.There are two possibilities for the origin of El Quartelejo.
 The Édifice Marie-Guyart previously and still commonly known as Complexe G is a 31-storey 132 m (433 ft) office skyscraper completed in 1972 in Quebec City Canada. The brutalist style tower is the tallest building in the city as well as the tallest building in Canada east of Montreal.
 Wild and Wonderful is a 1964 film comedy starring Tony Curtis and his then-wife Christine Kaufmann (whom he had married in 1963). The plot revolved around a clever French Poodle named Monsieur Cognac and the dog's effect on the newly married couple portrayed by Curtis and Kaufmann.
 Deadly Little Christmas is a 2009 direct-to-video horror film directed by Novin Shakiba and written by Jeremiah Campbell.
 Iron Maiden: Flight 666 is a concert documentary film featuring the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. The film follows the band on the first leg of their Somewhere Back in Time World Tour between February and March 2008.Flight 666 is co-produced by Toronto-based Banger Films Inc known for their documentaries Metal: A Headbanger's Journey Global Metal and Rush: Beyond the Lighted Stage.
 Alfred Ludlam (1810 – 8 November 1877) was a leading New Zealand politician horticulturist and farmer who owned land at Wellington and in the Hutt Valley. A member of three of New Zealand's four earliest parliaments he was also a philanthropist and a founder of Wellington's Botanic Garden.
 Myoma is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Picking Up the Pieces is a 2000 film directed by Alfonso Arau and starring Woody Allen.
 Sporting News is an American sports website and former print magazine. It was established in 1886 and it became the dominant American publication covering baseball—so much so that it acquired the nickname The Bible of Baseball. It is currently owned by Sporting News Media.After 122 years as a weekly publication the magazine switched to a biweekly publishing schedule in 2008 and to a monthly schedule in 2011. In December 2012 the magazine announced it would go digital-only starting in 2013.
 The William Henry Seward Memorial is located along Main Street (NY 17A/94) in downtown Florida New York.
 William H. Dolben (January 23 1878 – June 6 1948) was an American politician who was in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and the Massachusetts Executive Council.
 Hola Hola is the debut EP of American girl group The Rosso Sisters.
 Stemonidium hypomelas is a species of deep-sea eel in the family Serrivomeridae originally described from a 171-mm specimen taken from a depth of around 1000 m near Niihau Island Hawaii in 1902. It can be distinguished from the related sawtooth eels by its reduced dentition which more resemble those of the snipe eel. It is of no significance to fisheries.
 Hypocrita reedia is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
 Whatever You Say Say Nothing is the fourth studio album from Deacon Blue. Changing from producer Jon Kelly to the team of Steve Osborne and Paul Oakenfold this album presented a change in musical style for Deacon Blue. While the band's songwriting remained based in rock and blues many of the tracks moved into alternative rock territory in their presentation.
 Reema Harrysingh Carmona (born November 22 1970) an American/Trinidadian is the wife of the fifth President of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago Anthony Carmona. Raised in Hoboken New Jersey USA Carmona attended the University of Ottawa where she obtained the degree of Bachelor of Science in Economics.
 Alexander Boxwell was a Republican politician from Ohio in the united States. He was Speaker of the Ohio House of Representatives 1894 to 1896.
 Uzun Darreh-ye Sofla (Persian: اوزون دره سفلي‎ also Romanized as Ūzūn Darreh-ye Soflá and Oozoon Darreh Sofla; also known as Ūzūn Darreh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Mahabad County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 260 in 41 families.
 One Page of Love (French: Une page d'amour) is a 1978 French-Belgian film directed by Maurice Rabinowicz. It was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Drehuța River is a tributary of the Drahura River in Romania.
 Sathurangam (English:Chess) is a 2011 Tamil political drama film directed by Karu Pazhaniappan starring Srikanth and Sonia Agarwal. The film's background score was composed by Vidyasagar and his soundtrack was released in 2004. Filming was completed in 2006 but the film remained unreleased for five years. The project was revived in September 2011 and released on 7 October 2011.
 Lacy-Van Vleet House is a historic home located at Dryden in Tompkins County New York. It was built about 1845 and is a 2 1⁄2-story five-by-four-bay frame residence representative of the transition from the Federal to Greek Revival style. It features Doric order porticoed porches on the front and side.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Grenville M. Dodge House in Council Bluffs Iowa was the home of Grenville M. Dodge. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961. It is open to the public as a Victorian-era historic house museum.
 The Guitar is a 2008 drama film about a woman who decides to pursue her dreams after being diagnosed with a terminal illness. The film was directed by Amy Redford and stars Saffron Burrows Isaach De Bankolé Paz de la Huerta and Richard Short.
 Modran (Derventa) is a village in the municipality of Derventa Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Mettelhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located near Zermatt in the canton of Valais.The Mettelhorn provides excellent acclimatization opportunities especially if one climbs its sister peaks Platthorn and Wisshorn on the same day. Hiking from Zermatt to the Mettelhorn takes about six hours uphill and four hours downwards.
 Asano Nagakoto (浅野 長勲 August 28 1842 - February 1 1937) was a daimyō of Hiroshima Domain for a short time after the Meiji Restoration. For the rest of the Meiji period he was a politician and diplomat and was one of the last surviving Japanese daimyō (Hayashi Tadataka and Wakebe Mitsunori outlived him).
 Julefrid med Carola is a Christmas EP from Swedish pop singer Carola Häggkvist. It was released on December 6 1983.
 Baalensee is a lake in the Mecklenburg Lake District in Germany. It is situated in the district of Oberhavel in the state of Brandenburg and lies immediately to the east of the centre of the town of Fürstenberg. The navigable River Havel flows through the Baalensee entering it from the Röblinsee via a short channel and lock in the centre of Fürstenberg and exiting directly into the adjacent Schwedtsee. Navigation is administered as part of the Obere–Havel–Wasserstraße.
 Us is the second album from Scottish indie band Mull Historical Society and the follow-up to Loss. It includes the singles The Final Arrears and Am I Wrong. Us (2003) received generally positive reviews; NME called it a joyous slice of orchestral prozac. The track The Supermarket Strikes Back is a riposte to Barcode Bypass from Loss. After the album his record label Warners dropped him.
 Eungbongsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 473 metres (1552 feet).
 Lotfaliabad (Persian: لطفعلي اباد‎ also Romanized as Loţf‘alīābād) is a village in Karipey Rural District Lalehabad District Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 48 in 14 families.
 Tunnel of Love is the fourth EP by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse released on June 11 1996 by Psychopathic Records. It is the third and final sideshow entry in the group's Dark Carnival saga.
 Safar Kheyl (Persian: صفرخيل‎ also Romanized as Şafar Kheyl; also known as Aşafar Kheyl) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District in the Central District of Juybar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 253 in 67 families.
 Ergalatax junionae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 The barred moray Echidna polyzona is a moray eel of the family Muraenidae found in the Indo-Pacific oceans at depths down to 10 m. Its length is up to 70 cm.
 The Pârâul Satului is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Heroine (IPA: [ˈhɛroʊɪn]) is an 2012 Indian drama film directed written and co-produced by Madhur Bhandarkar. Revolving around the life of a once successful film actress whose career is on the decline the film features Kareena Kapoor as the protagonist along with actors Arjun Rampal Randeep Hooda and Rakesh Bapat. Additionally the project also stars Shahana Goswami Divya Dutta Helen Shillpi Sharma Mugdha Godse and Lillete Dubey in supporting roles.
 Dragon Pink (ドラゴンピンク) is a three-part erotic anime OVA series released by Pink Pineapple in 1994 based on an incomplete manga by Itoyoko 1990 with four volumes released which has been translated and released in Spanish by Norma Comics only in Spain. The three OVA episodes are based on the first chapters of Volume 1 of the manga.
 Akçakaya is a village in the District of Gölbaşı Adıyaman Province Turkey.
 Martin C. Harty was a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives and served from 2010 to early 2011. He was one of eight legislators who represent Strafford County District 3 comprising the towns of Barrington Farmington Middleton Milton New Durham and Strafford.
 Mod Fuck Explosion is a film by Jon Moritsugu about a young girl named London who is trying to find meaning in the world or a leather jacket of her very own. Unaccepted by the Mods or the bikers she tries to find her own path through life. Meanwhile the Mods and the bikers have a vendetta against each other that is sure to erupt in a smorgasbord of violence. The film was written by Moritsugu and stars his wife Amy Davis as the angst ridden London.
 Arthur Taylor Prescott Sr. (June 11 1863 - May 16 1942) was a political scientist and educator who was the founding president of Louisiana Tech University in Ruston Louisiana. Most of his educational administrative career however was spent at his alma mater Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge.
 Bay Point Farm also known as Bay Point Dairy Farm Obici House Sleepy Hole Golf Course is a historic home and dairy farm located at Suffolk Virginia. The main house is an irregularly planned Italian Renaissance style house overlooking the Nansemond River. It is a two-story single-family dwelling with the original section dated to about 1870. The two end blocks were added in 1925 and have hipped roofs.
 Rekun (Persian: ركون‎ also Romanized as Rekūn) is a village in Pazevar Rural District Rudbast District Babolsar County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 193 in 49 families.
 General Francis Nathaniel Conyngham 2nd Marquess Conyngham KP GCH PC (11 June 1797 – 17 July 1876) styled Lord Francis Conyngham between 1816 and 1824 and Earl of Mount Charles between 1824 and 1832 was a British soldier courtier and politician.
 Give Out Sisters is a 1942 American film starring The Andrews Sisters. The film co-stars Dan Dailey and the teenage couple of the time Donald O'Connor and Peggy Ryan. Dailey and O'Connor went on to be in the 1954 film There's No Business Like Show Business.
 Eupithecia slossonata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in North America including Florida Georgia Kentucky and Maryland.The forewings are deep smoky brown with blackish cross lines. The hindwings are pale smoky with a quite prominent oblique postmedian line.
 Coopertown Meetinghouse (Coopertown Church;Coopertown Union Sunday School) is a historic church meeting house in Willingboro Township Burlington County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1802 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Conspiracy is a 2008 action/drama film released direct-to-video on March 18 2008. The film is influenced by the classic western film noir thriller Bad Day at Black Rock (1955) which itself was an adaptation of a short story Bad Time at Honda by Howard Breslin.While Bad Day at Black Rock tells the story of wounded WWII vet John J. MacReedy Conspiracy revolves around William Spooky Macpherson a disabled special operations marine wounded during combat operations in Iraq.
 The S. T. Elliott House is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house located in Kingman Arizona.
 Cape Fear is a 1962 American psychological thriller film starring Gregory Peck Robert Mitchum Martin Balsam and Polly Bergen. It was adapted by James R. Webb from the novel The Executioners by John D. MacDonald. It was directed by J. Lee Thompson and released on April 12 1962. The movie concerns an attorney whose family is stalked by a criminal he helped to send to jail.Cape Fear was remade in 1991 by Martin Scorsese. Peck Mitchum and Balsam all appeared in the remake.
 Union Fishermen's Cooperative Packing Company Alderbrook Station on the Columbia River in Astoria Oregon was built in 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1991. The listing included three contributing buildings and another contributing structure on a 4.5-acre (1.8 ha) area.The Union Fishermen's Cooperative Packing Company dates from 1896.
 Songs from Pete Kelly's Blues is a 1955 (see 1955 in music) soundtrack album by Peggy Lee featuring tracks by Ella Fitzgerald and several jazz instrumentals.It is the soundtrack to the 1955 film Pete Kelly's Blues which starred Lee and Fitzgerald.
 Mount Hebron Cemetery and Gatehouse is a historic cemetery and gate house located at Winchester Virginia. The cemetery was established in 1844 on two older churchyards. Expanded in 1866 to include Stonewall Cemetery for 2576 Confederate war dead. Iron fence added in 1891 and the Chateauesque style limestone gatehouse for superintendent added in 1902.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Dangerous Passage is a 1944 American film directed by William Berke.
 Qareh Aghaj Rud (Persian: قره اغاج رود‎ also Romanized as Qareh Āghāj Rūd; also known as Qarah Āghāj) is a village in Soluk Rural District in the Central District of Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 4 families.
 The Hooded Treepie (Crypsirina cucullata) is a species of bird in the Corvidae family.It is endemic to Burma.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.It is threatened by habitat loss.It has grey plumage apart from black head tail and flight feathers.
 The Victor H. and Marta Jorgensen House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Ottersøya is a village in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located at the southwestern end of the Kvingra peninsula just across the Nærøysundet from Rørvik. It is much closer to Rørvik (in Vikna) than to its own municipal centre Kolvereid. The village of Torstad lies about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) north of Ottersøya. In 2001 it had about 250 inhabitants. Just south of Ottersøya village lie the Marøysund Bridge and Nærøysund Bridge which connect Nærøy to Vikna.
 Store-Standal is a small village in the Hjørundfjord area of Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The village has a population of approximately 20 people. Store-Standal is located along the Hjørundfjorden midway between the villages of Sæbø and Festøy. The village is located among the Sunnmørsalpene mountains about 5.5 kilometres (3.4 mi) east of the mountain Kolåstinden.
 The Livadica River is a small tributary of the Danube in Serbia.
 Monacha cartusiana is a species of small air-breathing land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae the hairy snails and their allies.This is the type species of the genus Monacha.
 St Michael and St Martin's Church Eastleach Martin is a redundant Anglican church in Eastleach Martin Gloucestershire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands close to the River Leach which divides Eastleach Martin from its twin village of Eastleach Turville. Eastleach Turville's Church of St Andrew stands only 180 metres away from the Church of St Michael and St Martin.
 Frączki [ˈfrɔnt͡ʂki] (formerly German Fleming) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity within Olsztyn County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-east of Dywity and 18 km (11 mi) north of the regional capital Olsztyn.Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
 Beautiful So Far is the second studio album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Bertine Zetlitz and was released on September 4 2000.
 Store Knutsholstinden is a mountain in Vågå Oppland Norway.
 Gas Company Tower is a 52-storey 228.3 m (749 ft) class-A office skyscraper in downtown Los Angeles California. Located on the north side of Fifth Street between Olive Street and Grand Avenue across from the Biltmore Hotel the building serves as the headquarters for the Southern California Gas Company which vacated its previous offices on Eighth- and Flower-streets in 1991 and is home to the Los Angeles offices of Arent Fox Morrison & Foerster and Sidley Austin.
 The Ruda River is a tributary of the Luncoiu River in Romania.
 Matiaszów [maˈtjaʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek within Staszów County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Osiek 21 km (13 mi) south-east of Staszów and 74 km (46 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 268.
 The Sumatran Babbler (Pellorneum buettikoferi) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family.
 Eupithecia piccata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Arizona and New Mexico.The wingspan is about 15 mm. Adults have smoky sprinkling over both wings.
 Blush (stylized as blush) is a Canadian magazine for urban mothers that focuses on pregnancy and the first three years of a child’s life. Blush features articles on topics such as prenatal tests breastfeeding postnatal fitness nutritional supplements and maternity clothing and fashion. The magazine promotes healthy living for moms moms-to-be and kids all devoted to mommy’s lifestyle.
 Sgùrr an Utha and Fraoch-bheinn are two hills above Glenfinnan in Lochaber Highland Scotland. The two summits are joined by a summit ridge which is 735 m above sea level at its lowest elevation. The glen of Glen Finnan itself lies just to the east.This is the only known site in the British Isles for the arctic plant Diapensia lapponica first discovered there in 1951.The hills are most commonly climbed from Glen Finnan to the south.
 The Dossen is a mountain in the Bernese Alps overlooking Rosenlaui in the Bernese Oberland. It is located east of the Rosenlaui Glacier. The Dossen is composed of two summits: the northern summit (3138 m) and southern summit (3144 m).The Dossenhütte (owned by the Swiss Alpine Club) is used on the normal route.
 Vaporetto 13 is a mystery novel set mainly in Venice Italy by Robert Girardi. The title refers to the Vaporetto which is a motorized water taxi commonly used in Venice Italy.
 Angel Sanctuary (Japanese: 天使禁猟区 Hepburn: Tenshi Kinryōku) is a fantasy shōjo (targeted towards girls) manga series written and illustrated by Kaori Yuki. Appearing as a serial in the manga magazine Hana to Yume from 1994 to 2000 the 120 chapters were collected and published in twenty bound volumes by Hakusensha from February 1995 to February 2001. It focuses on Setsuna Mudo a teenager who learns that he is the reincarnation of an angel who rebelled against Heaven.
 Dhupu is a village development committee in Sankhuwasabha District in the Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4295 people living in 813 individual households.
 Summertime is a 2009 novel by South African-born Nobel laureate J. M. Coetzee. It is the third in a series of fictionalized memoirs by Coetzee (the first two being Boyhood and Youth) and details the life of one John Coetzee from the perspective of five people who have known him. The novel largely takes place in the mid to late 1970s largely in Cape Town although there are also important scenes in more remote South African settings.
 Campbell Mountain (8245 feet (2513 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Campbell Mountain rises more than 4000 feet (1200 m) above the west shore of Waterton Lake.
 The Great Brownie (Miletus symethus) is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
 Phony Phonic is the third album by the Japanese electro group Capsule released in November 2003.
 Cynea is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
 Charles Sumner Post #25 Grand Army of the Republic is a historic fraternal lodge building located in Chestertown Kent County Maryland. It was constructed as a meeting hall about 1908 and is a two-story gable-front frame building built on brick piers with a rectangular floor plan.
 Beheshtabad (Persian: بهشت اباد‎ also Romanized as Beheshtābād) is a village in Bayaz Rural District in the Central District of Anar County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 704 in 186 families.
 Microcrambon is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Movie Movie is a 1978 American double bill directed by Stanley Donen. It consists of two films Dynamite Hands a boxing ring morality play and Baxter's Beauties of 1933 a musical comedy both starring the husband-and-wife team of George C. Scott and Trish Van Devere.
 Magill was an Irish politics and current affairs magazine founded by Vincent Browne and others in 1977. Magill was widely perceived as groundbreaking specialising in in-depth investigative articles and colourful reportage by journalists such as Eamonn McCann (who wrote its anonymous Wigmore column) and Gene Kerrigan. It was relaunched in 2004 after an earlier closure before closing again in 2009.
 Sanchaman Limboo was fourth Chief Minister of Sikkim. He was Chief Minister in Sikkim for 179 Days.
 The Fifty-Fifty Girl is a lost 1928 American silent film comedy starring Bebe Daniels and directed by Clarence Badger.
 Dean M. Mortimer is a Republican member of the Idaho Senate representing the 32nd District since 2008. He is currently vice chair of the Senate Education Committee. He was re-elected unopposed in 2010 for a two-year term. He previously was a member of the Idaho House of Representatives from 2006 to 2008.
 The Savage Girl is a 1932 American film directed by Harry L. Fraser. A white jungle goddess is protected by a fierce killer gorilla.
 Membranipora membranacea is a very widely distributed species of marine bryozoan known from the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans usually in temperate zone environments. This bryozoan is a colonial organism characterized by a thin mat-like encrustation white to gray in color. It may be known colloquially as the sea-mat or lacy crust bryozoan and is often abundantly found encrusting seaweeds particularly kelps.
 Asian Culture (Yazhou Wenhua 亞洲文化) is the official journal of the Singapore Society of Asian Studies. It is a bilingual refereed journal and was first published in February 1983. Asian Culture started off as a biannual journal until 1990 when it became an annual journal. The current Chief Editor is Leo Suryadinata the Director of the Chinese Heritage Centre and President of the Singapore Society of Asian Studies.
 Chehreh Barq (Persian: چهره برق‎; also known as Chehreh Saraq Churabara and Chūrabūr) is a village in Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District Kuraim District Nir County Ardabil Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 75 in 17 families.
 Mallam Aliyu Mai-Bornu (1919 - 23 February 1970) was a Nigerian economist and the first indigenous Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria.
 Siksika ottae is an extinct prehistoric cartilaginous fish lived during the Upper Mississippian. It has been discovered at the well known Bear Gulch Formation (Montana United States) dated at Carboniferous period. It is known mostly on the base of fossil teeth but also partially neurocranium and mandibles which hint a close relationship to coeval petalodontiform sharks Janasssa and Netsepoye.
 Autotheism is the third studio album by American technical death metal band The Faceless. It was released on August 14 2012 through Sumerian Records. The album debuted at number 50 on the Billboard 200 number 3 on the Top Hard Rock Albums number 13 on the Top Independent albums number 18 on Top Rock albums and hit number 1 on the CMJ radio loud rock chart.[citation needed]
 John D. Keenan (born April 4 1965) is the Massachusetts State Representative for the 7th Essex district which consists of his hometown of Salem. He is a Democrat who has served since 2005. Prior to serving in the Massachusetts legislature he was assistant district attorney of Essex County and city solicitor of Salem.Representative Keenan is currently[2013-2014] the House Vice Chair of Joint Committee onTelecommunications Utilities and Energy.
 Whetstone Mountain elevation 12527 ft (3818 m) is a summit in the Gunnison National Forest of western Colorado. The mountain is located 3 mi (4.8 km) south of Crested Butte in Gunnison County .
 Det stod i avisen is a 1962 Danish family film directed by Peer Guldbrandsen and starring Henning Moritzen.
 Aydınlar is a village in the District of Bartın Bartın Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 497 people.
 Henry G. Hager III (born April 28 1934) is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate who served from 1973 to 1984. He was the Lycoming County District Attorney from 1964 to 1968.
 The Oman Natural History Museum is a natural history museum located at the Ministry of Heritage and Culture complex Al Khuwair opposite the Zawawi Mosque in Muscat Oman. The museum opened on 20 December 1985 and has detailed coverage of Oman's flora and fauna with displays on indigenous mammals insects and birds and botanical gardens.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 997 in 224 families.
 The Baroness is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter and pianist Sarah Slean released on March 11 2008.
 Old Angel Midnight is a long narrative poem by American novelist and poet Jack Kerouac. It was culled from five notebooks spanning from 1956 to 1959 while Kerouac was fully absorbed by his studies of Buddhism and Buddhist philosophy. Kerouac initially experimented with Old Angel Midnight (then called Lucien Midnight) in 1953 in his diary titled 1953.
 Reuben is a novel by the American writer John Edgar Wideman set in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania during the 1980s. The novel tells the story of Reuben an aging African American who lives in an abandoned trailer but is a lawyer and go-between on behalf of poor blacks in Homewood a neighborhood of the East End.
 The Valea Janului River is a tributary of the Daia River in Romania.
 A Voice from the Deep is a 1912 short comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle and Mabel Normand.
 Indian Summer: The Secret History of the End of an Empire (2007) is a history book written by Alex von Tunzelmann. The book covers the end of the British Empire and the partition of the Indian subcontinent that resulted in thousands of deaths.
 The Heckscher Museum of Art is named after its benefactor August Heckscher who in 1920 donated 185 works of art to be housed in a new Beaux-Arts building located in Heckscher Park in Huntington New York. Today the museum has over 2000 works of art focused mainly on American landscape paintings and work by Long Island artists as well as featuring American and European modernism and photography. The most famous painting in the collection is George Grosz’s “Eclipse of the Sun” (1926).
 Galiniai is a village in Lithuania near the border with Poland. It lies in the region of Suvalkija.
 Ride was the first album released by the band Jo Hikk. It was released by Landis Productions Ltd. in 2009. The album includes the hit singles Sweet City Woman and My Kind of Radio. Closer was previously recorded by Thrasher Shiver on its self-titled debut and It's Only Monday was previously a single for Brice Long in 2005.
 Ubuntu User is a paper magazine that was launched by Linux New Media AG in May 2009.The publication is aimed at users of the Ubuntu operating system and focuses on reviews community news how to articles and troubleshooting tips. It also includes a Discovery Guide aimed at beginners.
 Pinapaka Patti Nagar is small village in Burgampahad mandal in Khammam district Andhra Pradesh. On one side of the village Kinnerasaani is there which is the tributary of Godavari river. Literacy rate in this village is 40-60%. Most of the people are dependent on fields. Total population of the village is 1693 (as per 2011 sensus) male population is 856 and female population is 837. Total ST population is 242(14.29%).
 Tenacious D: Time Fixers is a short movie that was used as a promotional tool on the iTunes website. The movie starred Tenacious D as well as Michael Keaton and longtime collaborators Jason Reed and Paul F. Tompkins.
 Bennett Peak elevation 13209 ft (4026 m) is a summit in the San Juan Mountains of southern Colorado. The peak in the Rio Grande National Forest is the highest point in Rio Grande County.
 The Girl in the Checkered Coat is a 1917 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney.
 The Tenth Man (1985) is a short novel by British novelist Graham Greene.
 The Union Depot and Atlantic Coast Line Freight Station (also known as the Railroad Passenger Depot and Freight Station) is a historic site in Live Oak Florida United States. It is located at 208 North Ohio Avenue on the corner of Haines Street Northeast. The station was built at one of two junctions of an Atlantic Coast Line Railroad and Seaboard Air Line Railroad lines. The two railroads merged in 1967 to form the Seaboard Coast Line Railroad. On April 24 1986 it was added to the U.S.
 Greenhouse is a bar/restaurant at 100 St Georges Terrace in Perth Western Australia. Designed by Dutch-born florist artist builder and environmentalist Joost Bakker and opened in 2009 it is a quirky eco-friendly restaurant concept which has been described as ...
 The Queen Victoria Building (or QVB) is a late nineteenth-century building designed by the architect George McRae in the central business district of Sydney Australia. The Romanesque Revival building was constructed between 1893 and 1898 and is 30 m (98 ft) wide by 190 m (620 ft) long. The building fills a city block bounded by George Market York and Druitt Streets.
 The New York State Conservationist is a bimonthly ad-free magazine published by New York's Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC). It carries articles on environmental and conservation issues around the state DEC is involved with plus outdoor recreation opportunities on DEC land.The magazine bills itself as New York's Premiere Outdoor Magazine: Bringing Nature to Your Door.
 Pulimangalam is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district Tamil Nadu India.
 Cosmioconcha dedonderi is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae the dove snails.
 Captain Nemo and the Underwater City was a 1969 British film featuring the character Captain Nemo and inspired by some of the settings of Jules Verne's novel Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea. It was written by Pip and Jane Baker and starred Robert Ryan as Nemo.The film was produced on a budget of 1.5 million US Dollars. It had stemmed from an idea that led to Roger Corman’s failed ‘Captain Nemo and the Floating City’ itself based on a combination of two of Jules Verne’s stories.
 Gökler is a village in the District of Bayburt Bayburt Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 46 people.
 The George Mason University Civil Rights Law Journal is a law review run by students at the George Mason University School of Law. It published one or two issues each school year from 1990 to 2006-2007 and three issues each year since then. The journal is published by William S. Hein & Co.
 Don't Look Back is the second studio album by American rock band Boston released in 1978. The title track is one of the band's biggest hits reaching #4 in 1978 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album sold over four million copies in the first month of its release and has been certified 7x platinum by the RIAA in the US.This album also marked the beginning of the band's legal fight with its record label Epic Records.
 Lecompte High School is located in Lecompte Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 22 1992.
 Stephen G. Steve Bach is the mayor of Colorado Springs Colorado. Elected in a runoff in May 2011 he is the city's first mayor under the new strong mayor form of government.
 Isidro T. Ungab (born May 8 1961) is a Filipino politician a former banker and a former local legislator of the City of Davao. He was elected as a Member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines representing the Third District of Davao City beginning in 2007. Ungab attended the University of the Philippines in Los Baños Laguna and attained a degree in B.S.
 The Puerto Rican Long-Nosed Bat (Monophyllus frater) is an extinct species of bat of the genus Monophyllus. This species of bat was never observed by European explorers although the species was thought to have died out in the colonial era due to indigenous artifacts indicating survival up to that time. It is theorized that the Puerto Rican Long-Nosed Bat population was pushed towards extinction by hurricanes in the region which caused an immense loss of their habitat.
 The Appomattox Courthouse is the current courthouse in Appomattox Virginia built in 1892. It is located in the middle of the state about three miles (5 km) southwest of the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park once known as Clover Hill - home of the original Old Appomattox Court House.
 The Clarence H. Jones House is a house located in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Secret is a 4-issue limited series comic book written by Mike Richardson and drawn by Jason Shawn Alexander. It was released by Dark Horse Comics in 2007. It was later converted to a Motion comic.
 Karen J. Clark (born July 23 1945) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) she represents District 62A which includes portions of the city of Minneapolis in the Twin Cities metropolitan area including portions of the Phillips Ventura Village Seward and Lyn-Lake neighborhoods. She is the longest serving openly lesbian member to serve in a state legislature in the United States.
 The Wiley-Ringland House is a historic home located at Somerset Montgomery County Maryland United States. It is named for its original owner / builder Harvey Washington Wiley and longtime owner / resident Arthur Cuming Ringland. The house is a 2 1⁄2-story Queen Anne-style frame building built about 1893. A fire in 1978 virtually destroyed the house but it was restored between 2001 and 2002 by new owners.The Wiley-Ringland House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Coming Down from Red Lodge is an album by American musician Peter Ostroushko released in 2003. All the songs were written for performance on A Prairie Home Companion. Guests include Pat Donohue and Greg Leisz.
 Steven James McAuliffe (born March 3 1948) is a Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire. He is the widower of Christa McAuliffe one of the victims of the 1986 Space Shuttle Challenger disaster.Steven McAuliffe graduated from Virginia Military Institute as a member of the class of 1970. Christa had his VMI ring with her on the shuttle.
 Machines Will Always Let You Down released in 2007 is the third full-length album from the noise rock band Replicator.
 Adriana Gjoni (Gjonaj) is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.
 Red Dwarf: Infinity Welcomes Careful Drivers is a best-selling science fiction comedy novel by Grant Naylor the collective name for Rob Grant and Doug Naylor co-creators and writers of the Red Dwarf television series on which the novel is based. First published in 1989 the novel presents the plotline of the TV series as a cohesive linear narrative providing expanded backstory of the Red Dwarf world and more fully developing each of the characters particularly Lister and Rimmer.
 L'Atalante (also released as Le Chaland qui passe) is a 1934 French film written and directed by Jean Vigo and starring Michel Simon Dita Parlo and Jean Dasté. In the film Dasté plays a captain who honeymoons with his new wife Parlo on a canal barge with the ship's first mate Père Jules (Michel Simon) and the cabin boy (Louis Lefebvre).
 Charlotte Plaza is a 338 feet (103 m) tall skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. It was built in 1982 and has 27 floors. It is the 15th-tallest building in the city. Bentley's a popular restaurant with skyline views is located on the top floor. The Class A office building was sold for $175.5 million to Hines Interests Limited Partnership in 2007.
 The Clermont State Historic Site also known as the Clermont estate the Clermont Manor or just Clermont is a New York State Historic Site in southwestern Columbia County New York USA. It protectsthe former estate of the Livingston family seven generations of whom lived on the site during more than two centuries.
 Goldbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The African Golden Arab Veined Gold or Double-banded Orange (Colotis aurigineus) is a butterfly of the Pieridae family. It is found in Southern Sudan Kenya Uganda Northeastern Zaire Malawi and Northwest Zambia.The larva feed on Maerua species.
 Butler County National Bank also known as the Lafayette Building and Butler Branch Mellon Bank is a historic bank building located at Butler Butler County Pennsylvania. It is located next to the Butler County Courthouse and is considered the first skyscraper in Butler. It was built in 1902-1903 and is a six-story five bay by five bay brick and stone building in the French Renaissance Revival style. A two-story addition was built in 1929.
 What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day is a novel by Pearl Cleage and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in September 1998. The book focuses on a black woman who has moved back to her Michigan hometown following a positive diagnosis for HIV. The novel was Cleage's first.
 Phantom is a 1990 novel by Susan Kay based on the Gaston Leroux novel The Phantom of the Opera. It is a biography of the title character Erik.
 Čusto Brdo is a village in the municipality of Maglaj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Sloan-Parker House or Stone House constructed in 1790 of locally quarried fieldstone for Richard Sloan was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. Located on the Northwestern Turnpike (U.S. Route 50) near Junction West Virginia west of Romney it has served as a stage coach stop as well as a private residence. The Stone House has been owned by two families: the Sloan family until 1854 when it was sold to the Parker brothers: John Peyton Benjamin and William.
 John LeRoy Hennessy (born September 22 1952) is an American computer scientist academician and businessman. Hennessy is one of the founders of MIPS Computer Systems Inc. as well as Atheros and is the 10th President of Stanford University. Marc Andreessen called him the godfather of Silicon Valley.
 Crunch (2000) is the sixth full-length studio album by Impellitteri.
 Coyanosa Draw is a river in Texas.
 Hotel Porta Fira (also Torres de Toyo Ito with Torre Realia BCN) is a 28-storey 113 m (371 ft) skyscraper hotel designed by Toyo Ito on the Plaza de Europa in the district of Granvia l'Hospitalet in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat a suburb of Barcelona Catalonia Spain. The building was the 2010 first place winner of the Emporis Skyscraper Award.
 Posada Jaćmierska Górna [pɔˈsada jat͡ɕˈmʲɛrska ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zarszyn within Sanok County Podkarpackie Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland.
 The Journal of Personnel Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published four times per year by Hogrefe Publishing. It is the continuation of the Zeitschrift für Personalpsychologie (ISSN 1617-6391) originally published in German from the beginning of 2002 until the end of 2009. Since 2010 the journal is published in English.
 Larisa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
 Laungtauk is a village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.
 The Arraya Tower is a skyscraper completed in 2009 in Kuwait City Kuwait. The tower serves as a grade-A office structure. With sixty storeys and 300 metres high (with a 45-metre spire) the building was the tallest tower in Kuwait until the construction of Al Hamra Tower in 2011. It is currently the 59th tallest building in the world.
 Alfred A. Laun Jr. was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
 Physics Reports is a peer-reviewed scientific journal a review section of Physics Letters that has been published by Elsevier since 1971. The journal publishes reviews on all aspects of physics. These reports aim to make their main points intelligible to non-specialists. According to the Journal Citation Reports the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 20.394.
 Arion obesoductus is a species of air-breathing land slug a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Arionidae the round-back slugs.
 Westroads Mall is an enclosed shopping mall with over 135 stores located in Omaha Nebraska at the intersection of 100th and Dodge Streets (U.S. Route 6). It is the largest mall in the state of Nebraska with 14.5 million customer visits annually.
 Purity (1916) is an American silent film written by Clifford Howard and directed by Rae Berger and starring Audrey Munson. It is notable for its nude scenes.The film was called Reinheit in Germany.
 KRS-One is the second album released by hip hop artist KRS-One under his own name. The album was originally meant to be titled Hip-Hop Vs. Rap as can be seen in the early The Source's and Rap Pages reviews which also reveals that a few tracks were scrapped at the last minute in addition to the change of album title. These songs include the Diamond D produced song What I Know the ragga-flavoured Club Dems and a few interludes including Kris Is... and Meta-physician.
 The Abyssinian Scimitarbill (Rhinopomastus minor) is a species of bird in the Phoeniculidae family.It is found in Djibouti Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Sudan Tanzania and Uganda.
 Cretevania is an extinct genus of Evaniidae which existed in what is now China Burma England Lebanon Mongolia Russia and Spain during the Cretaceous period. It was named by Rasnitsyn in 1975 and the type species is Cretevania minor.
 Tisleifjorden is a lake which lies in Nord-Aurdal municipality in Oppland county Norway as well in Gol and Hemsedal municipalities in Buskerud county. Tisleifjorden is regulated for hydroelectric power; the height can vary up to 11 meters.It is 13.54 km² in area and 32.53 km around. It has an elevation of 819 m above sea level.
 William Alistair Harrison CMG CVO (born 14 November 1954) was Governor of Anguilla from 21 April 2009 to 23 July 2013.
 Radio Times is a British weekly television and radio programme listings magazine founded and originally published in-house by BBC Magazines from 1923 to 2011 when the BBC Magazines division was merged into Immediate Media Company.
 Chigu (Persian: چيگو‎ also Romanized as Chīgū and Chigoo) is a village in Manj Rural District Manj District Lordegan County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 657 in 115 families.
 Oxynoe viridis is a species of small sea snail or sea slug a bubble snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Oxynoidae.
 Kalhu Dasht-e Pain (Persian: كلهودشت پائين‎ also Romanized as Kalhū Dasht-e Pā’īn) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District in the Central District of Babol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 342 in 93 families.
 Nicholas Henry Bourne Baron Bourne of Aberystwyth (born 1 January 1952) is a Welsh Conservative politician. He served as the Leader of the Welsh Conservative Party and as a member of the National Assembly for Wales for the Mid and West Wales electoral region from August 1999 until May 2011. During the 2011 assembly elections he unexpectedly lost his regional list seat due to Conservative gains at constituency level. He was elevated to the House of Lords in September 2013
 Badla is a Bollywood film directed by Master Bhagwan. It was released in 1943.
 Zwischenahner Meer is a lake in Ammerland Lower Saxony Germany. At an elevation of ca. 5 m its surface area is 5.5 km².
 The Little Island is a book by Margaret Wise Brown under the pseudonym Golden MacDonald and illustrated by Leonard Weisgard. Released by Doubleday in 1946 it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1947. It describes the four seasons as experienced by a little island. The book is lyrically written an example being: Winter came/ and the snow fell softly/ like a great quiet secret in the night/ cold and still.
 Nandhi is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language action-masala film directed by Thamizhvannan and produced by Dinesh Karthik. It stars Akhil and Sanusha in the lead roles. The film was released on 11 February 2011.
 Protagonist is a 2007 documentary film about the parallels between human life and Euripidean dramatic structure. The film was written and directed by Jessica Yu.It featured extensive interviews with German terrorist Hans-Joachim Klein ex-gay Christian evangelist Mark Pierpont Mexican bank-robber Joe Loya and martial-arts enthusiast Mark Salzman (and the director's husband). Interspersed with the interviews are scenes from ancient Greek drama performed by puppets.
 Five Element Ninjas (Chinese title: 五遁忍術) is a 1982 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh. It was released in North America as Chinese Super Ninjas.
 Resurrection (Italian: Resurrezione) is a 2001 Italian-French-German co-production directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani.It won the Golden St. George award at the 24th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Ebony a monthly magazine for the African-American market was founded by John H. Johnson and has published continuously since the autumn of 1945. A digest-sized sister magazine Jet is also published by Johnson Publishing Company.
 To Joy (Swedish: Till glädje) is a 1950 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman about a young married couple who play together in a Swedish orchestra.
 Reflections is a 2005 short silent film by Bejoy Nambiar starring Mohanlal Juhi Babbar & Vidula Bhave in lead roles.
 The Lake Powell Chronicle is a weekly newspaper in Page Arizona USA. It has been owned by News Media Corporation since 2005.
 Naomi Peak or Mount Naomi is the highest peak in the Bear River Mountains of northern Utah and southern Idaho. It is located northeast of Logan Utah in the Mount Naomi Wilderness area of the Wasatch-Cache National Forest. Several trails from the north east and south converge at Mount Naomi. The most traveled trail (approximately 3.3 miles (5.3 km) one way) is likely the one that starts at the Tony Grove Lake parking area just east of Naomi Peak.
 Gökçeyaka is a village in the District of Emirdağ Afyonkarahisar Province Turkey.
 The Rum Diary is an early novel by American writer Hunter S. Thompson that was written in the early 1960s but was not published until 1998. The manuscript begun in 1959 was discovered amongst Thompson's papers by Johnny Depp. The story involves a journalist named Paul Kemp who in the 1950s moves from New York to work for a major newspaper The Daily News in San Juan Puerto Rico. It is Thompson's second novel preceded by the still-unpublished Prince Jellyfish.
 C. Vanniasingam was the 30th Surveyor General of Sri Lanka. He was appointed in 1970 succeeding C. T. Goonawardana and held the office until 1971. He was succeeded by R. A. Gunawardana.
 Main Sunder Hoon is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by R. Krishnan and Nazir Hussain. The film stars Mehmood and Leena Chandavarkar. It is a remake of the 1964 Tamil movie 'Server Sundaram'.
 Gutenberg Castle (German Burg Gutenberg) is a preserved castle in the town of Balzers Liechtenstein the centre of the municipality of Balzers. Gutenberg is one of the five castles of the principality and one of two that have survived preserved until the present day. Unlike Vaduz Castle in Vaduz Gutenberg Castle doesn't serve as a residence of the princely family of Liechtenstein and is open to the general public as a museum.
 The Frăcea River is a tributary of the Cuca River in Romania.
 The Australasian Gannet (Morus serrator or Sula bassana) also known as Australian Gannet and Tākapu is a large seabird of the gannet family Sulidae.Adults are mostly white with black flight feathers at the wingtips and lining the trailing edge of the wing. The central tail feathers are also black. The head is yellow with a pale blue-grey bill edged in black and blue-rimmed eyes.Young birds have mottled plumage in their first year dark above and light below.
 The Pizzo del Sole is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps in the Swiss canton of Ticino. With a height of 2773 metrs it is the culminating point of the Val Piora. On its southern side are located the lakes of Chiéra.
 Applause is a 2009 Danish film starring Paprika Steen from director/co-writer Martin Peter Zandvliet and Koncern Film. The story relates actress Thea Barfoed’s (Paprika Steen) journey to reclaim her life and her family from the ravages of alcoholism and divorce.
 Bakhtiar (Persian: بختيار‎ also Romanized as Bakhtīār and Bakhtyār) is a village in Tankaman Rural District Tankaman District Nazarabad County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 3064 in 753 families.
 Siveleh (Persian: سيوله‎ also Romanized as Sīveleh and Sivaleh) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Azna County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 212 in 43 families.
 Engineer is a shelved Tamil language film directed by Gandhi Krishna and written by Sujatha originally slated to be released in 1999. The film was based on the true story of the Sardar Sarovar Dam project and was being made in Tamil with planned versions in Telugu and Hindi too. The film had featured Arvind Swamy and Madhuri Dixit in the leading roles with music composed by A.R. Rahman and cinematography by Jeeva. However the film was shelved after 80 percent of shooting was completed.
 Kuusemäe is a village in Anija Parish Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located about 3.5 km (2 mi) north of the town of Kehra on the left bank of the Jägala River. Kuusemäe has a population of 17 (as of 1 January 2010).
 Lancaster County House of Employment also known as Old County Hospital Building No. 1 is a historic building located at Lancaster Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1799-1801 and is a two-story 15 bay wide stuccoed stone building. It has a full width front porch with Tuscan order columns added about 1875-1876. The same renovation added Gothic Revival style details. It has been in continuous ownership by Lancaster County since its construction.
 Lac de Grangent is a lake in Loire France. At an elevation of 420 m its surface area is 3.65 km².
 Love Me Tender is a 1956 American black-and-white CinemaScope motion picture directed by Robert D. Webb and released by 20th Century Fox on November 15 1956. The film named after the song stars Richard Egan Debra Paget and finally Elvis Presley in his acting debut. It is in the Western genre with musical numbers. As Presley's movie debut it was the only time in his acting career that he did not receive top billing.
 Prime Minister's House most commonly known as Temple Trees is the official residence of the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka. It is located in Colombo Sri Lanka. Several recent Presidents have used it as their official residence too.Currently it is used by HE Mahinda Rajapakse the 5th Executive President of Sri Lanka.
 Dęborzyn [dɛmˈbɔʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jodłowa within Dębica County Subcarpathian Voivodeship in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south of Dębica and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
 The Black-faced Coucal (Centropus melanops) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.It is endemic to the Philippines.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
 The U.S. Arsenal-Officers Quarters (also known as the Mt. Vernon Arsenal or Chattahoochee Arsenal) is a historic site in Chattahoochee Florida. It is located at 100 North Main Street part of the Florida State Hospital on U.S. 90. On July 2 1973 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Review of International Political Economy is an academic journal which aims to explore International Political Economy from a range of perspectives. It includes global and interdisciplinary approaches over a wide range of issues and areas of inquiry.
 Schacontia rasa is a moth of the Crambidae family. It is found in Mexico Cuba and the Dominican Republic.The length of the forewings is 7–8 mm. The medial area of the forewings is grey and unicolorous with the basal area and postmedial areas. The antemedial and postmedial lines are jagged and darker grey. The postmedial line on the hindwings is faint. The hindwings are outwardly tinged with bronze.
 Person Pitch is the third solo album released by Animal Collective member Noah Lennox (aka Panda Bear) released on March 20 2007. The album was released to universal acclaim.Tiny Mix Tapes ranked Person Pitch the best album of 2007 and also ranked it 8th on their 'Favorite 100 Albums of 2000-2009' list. Resident Advisor named it the 84th best album of the decade. Pitchfork Media named Person Pitch the top album of 2007 and placed it 9th on the Top 200 Albums of The Decade.
 Australia: Sound of the Earth is an 1991 album from Steve Roach documenting Roach's second trip to Australia. David Hudson's didgeridoo and cellist Sarah Hopkins were also featured. It is somewhat ironic that one of the best Western-Aboriginal fusions has been the work of the highly regarded American ambient musician Steve Roach. - (Sydney Morning Herald)[citation needed] The album breathes heat the scorching breath of that red and rainless land.
 Peter Lauritzen (born 8 December 1959 in Århus) is a Danish civil servant. He was the fourth High Commissioner of Greenland and held the post from 1 April 2002 to 31 March 2005.From 1 January 2007 he became director of Roskilde Universitetscenter taking over from Lars Kirdan. He has a MA in political science and MA in comparative studies and was formerly ministerial secretary for Prime Minister Poul Nyrup Rasmussen and research assistant and lecturer at Københavns Universitet.
 Joseph Emilio Jun Aguinaldo Abaya (born May 28 1966) is a Filipino politician lawyer and military officer. He is the incumbent Secretary of the Department of Transportation and Communications (DOTC) of the Philippines. A member of the Liberal Party he has been elected to three terms as a member of the Philippine House of Representatives representing the 1st District of Cavite. He first won election to the House in 2004 and was re-elected in 2007.
 Heartbeat is the second studio album of German band Bad Boys Blue released on October 19 1986 by Coconut Records. The album includes two international hits: I Wanna Hear Your Heartbeat (Sunday Girl) and Kisses And Tears (My One And Only). Three singles were also released from the record. Sometimes the name of the album is spelled as Heart beat.
 Cherupuzha is one of the tributaries of the Chaliyar River. It originates from the foothills of the Thamarassery churam as three separate rivulets. Iruthullippuzha (coming from Manalvayal) and Kadungampuzha (from Adivaram) merge near Kaithappoyil. Engappuzha join to it near Kuppayakkode and forms Cherupuzha. Cherupuzha passes very near to the campus of the National Institute of Technology Calicut and is the sole source of water to the resident academic community there.
 Blazing Combat was an American war-comics magazine published by Warren Publishing from 1965 to 1966. Written and edited by Archie Goodwin with artwork by such industry notables as Gene Colan Frank Frazetta John Severin Alex Toth and Wally Wood it featured war stories in both contemporary and period settings unified by a humanistic theme of the personal costs of war rather than by traditional men's adventure motifs.
 This World Is Ours is the debut album by American deathcore band Upon a Burning Body. The album was released on April 6 2010 through Sumerian Records and was produced by William Putney. All the song's titles are taken after films in which Al Pacino starred. This was the only album with Ramon Villareal on drums before Jonathon Gonzales joined the band as their new drummer.
 Schafreuter is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Uropeltis arcticeps commonly known as the Madurai earth snake or the Tinevelly Uropeltis is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae. It is endemic to India.
 Sabbatical is a 2007 CTV television movie which was filmed in August 2007 as a pilot and aired on 23 November 2007.The film follows Patrick Marlowe (who is on sabbatical) his paleontologist wife Dr. Julie Marlowe and their children as they leave the big city for Julie's dinosaur dig in Saskatchewan's Avonlea Badlands (located south of Regina).To be close to the dig The family moves to the fictional small town of Beacon Vista.
 Barbus niokoloensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.
 James Skoufis is a Member of the New York State Assembly from the 99th District. He won the November 6 2012 election by a large margin to become the youngest currently-serving state legislator in New York. Skoufis previously served on the Woodbury Town Board in Orange County New York
 Francis Xavier Ransdell (May 23 1861 - February 11 1939) was a lawyer and judge of the 6th Judicial District Court based in Lake Providence in East Carroll Parish in the far northeastern corner of his native Louisiana. He was the younger brother of three-term U.S. Senator Joseph E. Ransdell.
 The Lower Warner Meetinghouse is a historic meetinghouse on NH 103 in Warner New Hampshire. The white clapboarded wood frame church was built in 1844 and its exterior is relatively unchanged since then having only lost its steeple due to a lightning strike c. 1893. The building is three bays wide with a recessed center entry framed by a pair of 20/20 sash windows.
 The Catholic Church of Our Lady of the Rosary (Arabic: كنيسة سيدة الوردية‎) is a Roman Catholic church in Doha Qatar. It is located along with churches of other Christian denominations at the Religious Complex in Abu Hamour. It is the first church built in the country since the Muslim conquests in the 7th century.The church was constructed at a cost of around $20 million on land donated by the Emir of Qatar Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani.
 Duck and Cover is a civil defense film (sometimes also characterized as a social guidance film or mischaracterized as propaganda)produced in 1951 (but first shown publicly in January 1952) by the United States federal government's civil defense branch shortly after the Soviet Union began nuclear testing. Written by Raymond J.
 Han Zheng (Chinese: 韩正; pinyin: Hán Zhèng; born April 1954) is the Communist Party Chief and former Mayor of Shanghai. He is a senior member of the Shanghai clique and his elevation to the 18th Politburo of the Communist Party of China at the 18th National Congress shows the clique's continuing influence in the fifth generation leadership. On 20 November 2012 he was promoted to become the party chief of Shanghai succeeding Yu Zhengsheng.
 Karłowiec [karˈwɔvjɛt͡s] (German: Karlsberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk within Lwówek Śląski County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland close to the Czech border. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Mirsk 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-west of Lwówek Śląski and 117 kilometres (73 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 The Clallam River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. The river is over 15.7 miles (25.3 km) long. Nearby and similar rivers include the Pysht River and Hoko River.
 Super High Me is a 2007 documentary film about the effects of smoking cannabis for 30 days. The documentary stars comedian Doug Benson. The documentary's name and its poster are plays on the 2004 documentary Super Size Me. It is believed by many to be a very biased film mainly due to Doug Benson's known advocacy for cannabis.
 Cauchas cockerelli is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths. It was described by Busck in 1915. It is found in North America including Colorado.
 Tigershark is a 1987 action film about a martial arts instructor who sets out to rescue his girlfriend who is being held for ransom by a South American warlord. The film was directed by Emmett Alston and stars Mike Stone John Quade and Pamela Bryant.
 Galactica is a genus of insects in the Galacticidae family.
 Aniołka Pierwsza [aˈɲɔu̯ka ˈpjɛrfʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica within Kępno County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Featherstall Brook is a watercourse in Greater Manchester and a tributary of the River Roch.
 Dadeland Mall is a large enclosed shopping mall located in the Miami suburb of Kendall Florida in the Dadeland district. The mall originally developed by the Joseph Meyerhoff Company of Baltimore opened October 1 1962 as a 535000-square-foot (49700 m2) open-air complex of sixty stores and services. Dadeland Mall is located between South Dixie Highway (US1) and the Palmetto Expressway (SR 826) at its southern terminus where it meets US1.
 The Mighty Barnum is a 1934 film starring Wallace Beery as P.T. Barnum. The movie was written by Gene Fowler and Bess Meredyth and directed by Walter Lang. Beery had played Barnum four years earlier in A Lady's Morals a highly fictionalized biography of singer Jenny Lind. The supporting cast features Adolphe Menjou Virginia Bruce as Jenny Lind and Rochelle Hudson.
 The Chequered Sedge-skipper or Master's Skipper (Hesperilla mastersi) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family. It is found in New South Wales Queensland and Victoria. It was also found in Tasmania but the small area where its food plant was growing was cleared to provide cattle pasture. It is probably now extinct in Tasmania.The wingspan is about 40 mm.The larvae feed on Gahnia melanocarpa and Gahnia radula. They constructs a make a shelter joining leaves of their host with silk.
 Coleophora cartilaginella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It has a disjunct distribution. It has been recorded from the Iberian Peninsula northern Russia Hungary Ukraine Serbia and the Republic of Macedonia. It is also known from southern Russia central Asia Iran and Afghanistan.Adults are on wing in June.The larvae feed on Astragalus albicaulis and Medicago species. They create a straw-coloured pistol case of up to 16 mm long. The mouth angle is about 45°.
 Bernard Bernie T. O'Neill is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 29th District and was elected in 2003.
 Speak to Me of Love (French: Parlez-moi d'amour) is a 2002 French drama film written and directed by Sophie Marceau and starring Judith Godrèche Niels Arestrup and Anne Le Ny. The first feature-length motion picture directed by actress Sophie Marceau the film is about the breakup of a long-term relationship. Speak to Me of Love was filmed on location in New York City and Paris.
 Sherman's March: A Meditation on the Possibility of Romantic Love In the South During an Era of Nuclear Weapons Proliferation is a 1986 documentary film written and directed by Ross McElwee. It was awarded the Grand Jury prize at the 1987 Sundance Film Festival. and in 2000 was selected for preservation in the U.S. National Film Registry.
 The Poughkeepsie Journal is a newspaper based in Poughkeepsie New York owned by the Gannett Company which bought the paper in 1977.
 Giorgino is a 1994 French film directed by Laurent Boutonnat.
 The Esten-Bowen House is a historic house at 199 Iron Mine Road in Burrillville Rhode Island. The 1 1/2 story timber frame Cape style house was built c. 1790 by John Esten a major landowner in eastern Burrillville in the second half of the 18th century. The main block is five bays wide and two deep with a massive central chimney. A kitchen ell to the right of the main block appears to be an early addition.
 Thomas Weir Tom Pauken (born January 11 1944) is an American politician and member of the Republican Party.Pauken is a former member and chairman of the Texas Workforce Commission. A former long-term resident of Dallas who now resides in the resort community of Port Aransas in Nueces County on the Texas Gulf Coast Pauken is a businessman lawyer and the author of two books.
 Młyny [ˈmwɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki within Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Rudniki 24 km (15 mi) north-east of Olesno and 64 km (40 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.The village has a population of 331.
 Tropico is an Anthony Mandler-directed short film about an epic tale based on the Biblical story of sin and redemption starring Lana Del Rey as Eve and Shaun Ross as Adam. The film was premiered at the Cinerama Dome in Hollywood California on December 4 2013 before being uploaded to Del Rey's official VEVO account the following day. It features the songs Body Electric Gods and Monsters and Bel Air all taken from Del Rey's 2012 EP Paradise.
 Siegfried Kasche (18 June 1903 – 7 June 1947) was an ambassador of the German Reich to the Independent State of Croatia and Obergruppenführer of the Sturmabteilung a Nazi Party's paramilitary wing.
 The Song of Songs (1918) is a silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and based on a stage play version by Edward Sheldon of a novel by Hermann Sudermann Das Hohelied. This picture was directed by Joseph Kaufman and stars Elsie Ferguson. This was Kaufman's last film before his death from influenza on February 1 1918. This film is now considered a lost film. The story was remade as Lily of the Dust (1924) with Pola Negri and Ben Lyon.
 Slocan Lake is a lake in the Slocan Country of the West Kootenay region of the Southeastern Interior of British Columbia Canada. it is drained by the Slocan River which flows south from the lake's foot at Slocan City through the Slocan Valley to South Slocan British Columbia where that river meets the Kootenay River a few miles above its confluence with the Columbia.
 Thookku Thookki(Tamil: தூக்குத் தூக்கி) is a 1954 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan padmini and Lalitha.It was a successful Tamil play that had the following Tamil Maxims forming the core of its story. 1. A father cares only for the riches earned by his son; 2. Only a mother stands by the son through thick and thin; 3. A sister values her brother only for the gifts he brings her; 4. A wife should never be relied on for she will even murder her husband; and 5.
 Voyage in Time (Italian: Tempo di Viaggio) is a 63-minute feature documentary that documents the travels in Italy of the director Andrei Tarkovsky with the script writer Tonino Guerra in preparation for the making of his film Nostalghia. In addition to the preparation of Nostalghia their conversations cover a wide range of matters filmmaking or not.
 The William Boyd House also known as All Bright Hill is a circa 1800 double-pen house in Franklin Tennessee United States.The W.A. Boyd farm was one of the largest farms or plantations in Williamson County both before and after the American Civil War. After the war many of these were reduced in size but the Boyd farm which included the Boyd Mill and the William Boyd House had 528 acres.
 Talhata is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located in the south of the district where it borders Kashmir (Muzaffarabad District).
 Kings of Crunk is the fourth studio album by Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz.Based on the success of the album's second single Get Low Kings of Crunk made the top twenty of the US album chart in September 2003.
 Superman: The Feral Man of Steel (Superman Annual #6) is a DC Comics Elseworlds special published in 1994. Written by Darren Vincenzo pencilled by Frank Fosco and inked by Stan Woch.In 19th century India Kal-El is raised by wolves. The story is loosely based on Rudyard Kipling's Mowgli stories with added elements of Edgar Rice Burroughs' Tarzan novels.
 The Numismatic Museum in Athens (Greek: Νομισματικό Μουσείο) is one of the most important museums of Greece and houses one of the greatest collections of coins ancient and modern in the world. The museum itself is housed in the former mansion of Heinrich Schliemann the famous archaeologist formally known as Iliou Melathron (“Palace of Ilion” (Greek: Ιλίου Μέλαθρον).
 Mmhmm is the fourth full-length album by Pop Punk band Relient K released in November 2004. This album is especially notable for two reasons: First it marked their debut on Capitol; and second it was Brian Pittman's last album with the band. In addition to being released on Capitol and Gotee Mmhmm was re-released on vinyl on Mono Vs Stereo. The re-release includes a song originally from Apathetic EP called Apathetic Way to Be.
 Mr. Perfect is a 2011 Tollywood romantic comedy film directed by Dasaradh Kondapalli starring Prabhas Kajal Agarwal and Taapsee Pannu in the lead roles while actors Murali Mohan Prakash Raj Sayaji Shinde Nassar and Viswanath Kasinadhuni play other pivotal roles. The movie is produced by Dil Raju and written by Ravi Abburi (Bommarillu fame). The film released on 22 April 2011 to positive reviews and eventually became a box-office blockbuster.
 The First Chronicles of Druss the Legend is a fantasy novel first published in 1993 and was written by British author David Gemmell. The novel is a prequel to the popular title Legend. The novel details the early life and events of the character Druss it is followed by The Legend of Deathwalker which deals with later events in his life between this book and the events in Legend.
 The Sight is a children's fantasy novel. It was released April 24 2007 and it is the first installment of the Warriors: Power of Three series by Erin Hunter. This book was recommended as Children's Summer reading by the Washington Post Children's Book Club.
 The Purity Myth is a 2009 book by Jessica Valenti. It was first released onto hardback on March 24 2009 through Seal Press. The book contains research by Valenti that she asserts that there is a prevalent false notion promoted within the United States that a woman's worth is dictated by whether or not she is sexually active implying that the loss of virginity can affect her negatively.A DVD tie-in titled The Purity Myth: The Virginity Movement's War Against Women was released in 2011.
 The World Police Museum (Chinese: 世界警察博物館; pinyin: Shìjiè Jǐngchá Bówùguǎn) is a museum about policing in Guishan Township Taoyuan County Taiwan. The museum is located inside the Central Police University.
 The Astral Sleep is the second album from Tiamat. It marks their debut on longtime label Century Media Records. This album was reissued in 2006 with two tracks from A Winter Shadow single released in 1990.
 The Râul Vacii Rele is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 Daniel Zialcita Romualdez (September 11 1907 – March 22 1965) was a Filipino politician who served as Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 1957 to 1962. He was named after his paternal grandfather Daniel Romualdez of Pandacan Manila and former owner of the Malacañang Gardens the huge expanse of land dedicated to entertaining guests of the Philippine presidents.
 Petalium californicum is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.
 Lohit River is a river in Arunachal Pradesh in India. It is a tributary to the Brahmaputra River.The lohit river rises in eastern Tibet in the Zayal Chu range and surges through Arunachal Pradesh for two hundred kilometersbefore disgorging itself in the plains of Assam.
 The Protomen is the debut album release by indie rock band The Protomen. It is a rock opera loosely based on the Mega Man video game series and the first volume of a planned series of albums on this theme. The follow-up Act II: The Father of Death was released on September 8 2009.
 Melakwa Lake is a lake in King County Washington. The name Melakwa comes from a Chinook term for mosquito. It is located along the Pratt River just below the river's true source.
 The Wits Vuvuzela is the official student newspaper of the University of the Witwatersrand (Wits). The newspaper is produced by the students of the Wits School of Journalism and appears in both printed and online formats.
 Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎ also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Basharyat-e Gharbi Rural District Basharyat District Abyek County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 586 in 151 families.
 Iżyce [iˈʐɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżewice within Lublin County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 km (12 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.
 Brock Reservoir is a man-made reservoir located near Gordons Well California intended to hold water that was requested from Lake Mead but turned out not to be needed. It has a small maximum volume of only 8000 acre feet (2600 million US gallons) but is expected to be filled and emptied many times each year. It holds water from the All-American Canal until it can be used for nearby agriculture.
 The Monts Otish (Otish Mountains) are a range of tall hills in the geographic center of Quebec Canada north of Lac Mistassini and Manicouagan Reservoir. Within the tall hills is the Réserve faunique des Lacs-Albanel-Mistassini-et-Waconichi.
 The Kindly Ones (French: Les Bienveillantes) is a historical fiction written in French by American-born author Jonathan Littell. The book is narrated by its fictional protagonist Maximilien Aue a former SS officer of French and German ancestry who helped to carry out the Holocaust and was present during several major events of World War II.The 983-page book became a bestseller in France and was widely discussed in newspapers magazines academic journals books and seminars.
 Uni5: The World's Enemy is the eighth studio album by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony released on May 4 2010 on BTNH Worldwide with distribution via Warner Bros. Records. The mixtape The Fixtape Vol. 3: Special Delivery features cuts from this album.
 Shriman Narayan (1912 - 1978) is ex-governor of the Indian state of Gujarat
 The Death of Artemio Cruz (Spanish: La muerte de Artemio Cruz) is a novel written in 1962 by Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes. It is considered to be a milestone in the Latin American Boom.
 Lissochroa is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.
 Mỹ Hội Đông is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Chợ Mới District of An Giang Province Vietnam.
 Qafmollë is a village in the municipality of Dajt in Tirana District Tirana County Albania.
 Acmaeoderoides is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae containing the following species: Acmaeoderoides cazieri Nelson 1968 Acmaeoderoides confusus Nelson 1999 Acmaeoderoides depressus Nelson 1968 Acmaeoderoides distinctus Nelson 1968 Acmaeoderoides ferruginis Wellso & Nelson in Nelson 1968 Acmaeoderoides humeralis (Cazier 1938) Acmaeoderoides insignis (Horn 1894) Acmaeoderoides knulli Nelson 1968 Acmaeoderoides rossi (Cazier 1937) Acmaeoderoides rufescens Nelson 1968 Acmaeoderoides stramineus Nelson 1968 Acmaeoderoides verityi Nelson 1968↑
 Madanabhavi is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka India.
 Thou Art the Man originally titled Thou Art the Man! is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe first published in 1844. It is an early experiment in detective fiction like The Murders in the Rue Morgue though it is generally considered an inferior story.The plot involves a man wrongfully accused of murdering his uncle Barnabas Shuttleworthy whose corpse is missing.
 A Greek–English Lexicon is a standard lexicographical work of the Ancient Greek language.
 Lepidochrysops coxii Cox’s Blue is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in eastern Zimbabwe. The habitat consists of grassland.Adults have been recorded on wing in October.
 Dennison School House is a historic school building (now a private residence) at Dennison Lane in Southbridge Massachusetts. It is the best preserved of two surviving 19th century rural schoolhouses in Southbridge and is unusual for the use of brick in its construction. It is estimated to have been built around 1849 on the site of a previous schoolhouse that dated to 1795.
 Emerson Lake & Powell is the only studio album by the ELP offshoot band of the same name released in 1986.
 Piz da la Margna (3158 m) is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps overlooking Lake Sils in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It lies to the south-east of the Maloja Pass at the south-western end of the Engadin valley. Ascents can be made from Maloja via the north ridge (F); a slightly easier route is via the Val Fedoz and the east flank.
 The Fourth and Madison Building (formerly the IDX Tower) is a 40-story skyscraper in downtown Seattle Washington. The building is located at 925 Fourth Avenue at the intersection with Madison Street.
 Vedmurti Taponishth Pt. Shriram Sharma Acharya (Jeevan Charit) is the biography of Shriram Sharma Acharyaan Indian seer sage a visionary of the New Golden Era and the Founder of the All World Gayatri Pariwar in Maithili written by Binod Bihari Verma published in 2005.
 Lunch Wagon (also known as Lunch Wagon Girls) is a 1981 sex comedy starring Pamela Jean Bryant Rosanne Katon and Candy Moore. The film was directed by Ernest Pintoff and written by Marshall Harvey and Terrie Frankel and Leon Phillips. Mayor Bradley declared Lunch Wagon Day for the opening and there was a parade of over 80 Lunch Wagons down Hollywood Boulevard. The film was very popular with teens and was the largest grossing independent movie of 1981.
 Player's Guide to Faerûn (ISBN 0-7869-3134-5) is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.
 The Odd Fellows Building in Raleigh North Carolina also known as the Commerce Building is a skyscraper built in 1923. It reflects Late 19th and Early 20th Century American Movements architecture and Classical Revival architecture. The Odd Fellows (IOOF) Building served as a meeting hall and as a business. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Lone Eagle Peak is a mountain located in the Indian Peaks area of the Front Range in Grand County Colorado within the Indian Peaks Wilderness Area of Roosevelt National Forest.
 Dizzy Up the Girl is the sixth studio album by American rock band Goo Goo Dolls released on September 22 1998 through Warner Bros. Records. The album is often noted for being the album which propelled The Goo Goo Dolls into success although they already had success with Name in 1995.
 Possible Side Effects is a 2006 memoir by American writer Augusten Burroughs. The book contains stories from the life of Augusten Burroughs ranging from his childhood to the near-present.
 Dr. Péter Mihalovics (born August 8 1983) is a Hungarian politician member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz Veszprém County Regional List since 2010. He was appointed ministerial commissioner for coordination of the programme ‘For the Future of the Next Generation’ within the Ministry of Administration and Justice on October 1 2011.He joined Fidelitas in 2002. He served as president of Veszprém branch until 2007.
 The Lircay River is a river of Chile.
 Planfließ is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Roch Bolduc OC CQ (born September 10 1928) is a former Canadian civil servant and Senator from the province of Quebec.Born in Saint-Raphaël Quebec he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1948 and a Doctorate of Law degree in 1951 from Université Laval.He was summoned to the Senate in 1988 on the advice of Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and represented the senatorial division of Gulf Quebec.
 Eliyahu Hanavi Synagogue is a synagogue in Alexandria Egypt. It is located in Nabi Daniel street. Built in 1354 it was bombed by the French during their invasion of Egypt in 1798 and was re-built in 1850 with contributions from the Muhammad Ali Dynasty. Although services are still held in the synagogue it now caters to a very small community due to the dwindling number of Jews in Alexandria. The synagogue was closed for the 5773 (2012) High Holidays because of security reasons.
 Kathy Webb is an American restaurateur and politician from Little Rock Arkansas. A Democrat she currently serves in the Arkansas House of Representatives representing the state's 37th district.
 The Italian Secretary is mystery fiction by Caleb Carr featuring Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson. This literary pastiche is meant as an honourable homage to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and one that had the approval of the Doyle estate.
 The Valea Plopilor River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania. It flows into the Măcin Branch
 Idol on Parade also known as Idle on Parade is a 1959 youth-oriented British comedy film directed by John Gilling and starring Anthony Newly Sid James and Lionel Jeffries. It was John Antrobus' first screenplay. The film was based on the 1958 novel Idle on Parade by William Camp that was inspired by Elvis Presley's consription into the US Army.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Steely Dan released in 1978. It has sold over two million units in America.The double album includes tracks from the band's first six studio albums and includes a previously unreleased song Here at the Western World which was recorded during the sessions for The Royal Scam but not included on that album.
 K.H. Fathurrahman Kafrawi (1901–1969) was the Minister of Religion in Indonesia from 1946 to 1947. In addition he was with Abdul Kahar Muzakkir also instrumental in establishing the College of Islamic and turned it into Islamic University of Indonesia UIN Sunan Kalidjaga Yogyakarta and UIN Syarif Hidayatullah Jakarta.
 The Suite Vollard is a futuristic residential building in Curitiba Paraná Brazil. It is the world's first spinning building.Opened in 2001 the Suite Vollard was constructed by Moro Construções Civis LTDA and Fritz Georg Gehbauer. The architect was Bruno de Franco. It was built in the Ecoville District in Curitiba and has since became a famous well-known building in the city.The floors each have double sheets of glass on the façade tinted silver gold or blue depending on the floor.
 Death at an Old Mansion (本陣殺人事件 Honjin satsujin jiken) is a 1975 Japanese horror film directed by Yoichi Takabayashi based on the mystery novel The Murder in the Honjin (1946) by Seishi Yokomizo. It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival.
 John George Brabazon Ponsonby 5th Earl of Bessborough PC (14 October 1809 – 28 January 1880) styled Viscount Duncannon from 1844 until 1847 was a British cricketer courtier and Liberal politician.
 Örencik is a village in the District of Göynük Bolu Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 336 people.
 Kaliveli Lake is a coastal lake in the Viluppuram District of Tamil Nadu India. This lake lies approximately 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) north of Pondicherry and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of Auroville near the Bay of Bengal. Kaliveli lake is a seasonal wetland with a gradient from freshwater to brackish water and is an important feeding and breeding ground on migratory bird flyway.
 Alicia Pietri Montemayor (14 October 1923 – 9 February 2011) was the wife of Venezuelan president Rafael Caldera the Venezulan first Lady during two spans (1969–1974 and 1994–1999) and the founder of the Children's Museum of Caracas.
 The Fightin' Fury is a 1921 short Western film directed by and starring Hoot Gibson.
 The North Street Friends Meetinghouse is a brick structure on Brick Church Road near Aurora New York. It is significant for its associations with abolition the Underground Railroad and the Women's Rights Movement in Central New York. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 God's Little Acre is a 1958 American film of Erskine Caldwell's 1933 novel of the same name. It was directed by Anthony Mann and shot in black and white by master cinematographer Ernest Haller.The film was as controversial as the novel although unlike its source material there was no prosecution for obscenity.
 The Evening World was a newspaper that was published in New York City from 1887 to 1931.
 Zaradowiska [zaradɔˈviska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno within Wąbrzeźno County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wąbrzeźno and 33 km (21 mi) north-east of Toruń.
 Captain Thunder (1930) is an all-talking pre-code historical costume drama film which was produced and distributed by Warner Bros. and released late in 1930. The film was directed by Alan Crosland and stars Victor Varconi in his first full-length all-talking feature. The film was based on a story The Gay Caballero which was written by Pierre Couderc and Hal Davitt.
 Pogoro (Pogoro Mossi) is a village in the Koumbri Department of Yatenga Province in northern Burkina Faso. It has a population of 925.
 My Name Is Red (Turkish: Benim Adım Kırmızı) is a 1998 Turkish novel by writer Orhan Pamuk translated into English by Erdağ Göknar in 2001. Pamuk would later receive the 2006 Nobel Prize in Literature. The novel concerning miniaturists in the Ottoman Empire of 1591 established Pamuk's international reputation and contributed to his Nobel Prize.
 Vinod Patel is a Fiji Indian businessman soccer administrator and politician. He is the Chairman of Vinod Patel and Company Limited which owns a chain of hardware shops throughout Fiji.Vinod Patel is a strong supporter of the Ba football team and was their manager for a long time.He entered politics as a councillor in Ba Town Council. He was subsequently elected the mayor and served two successful terms before moving to national politics.
 Kumu River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Rokan River.
 Think This is the second studio album by the American thrash metal band Toxik released in 1989 by Roadracer Records. The album was re-released by Metal Mind Productions and Displeased Records in 2007. Artwork was designed by Ed Repka.
 I Could Rule the World If I Could Only Get the Parts is an EP by The Waitresses. Square Pegs was the theme to the television series Square Pegs. I Could Rule the World If I Could Only Get the Parts is a live cover of a Tin Huey song Tin Huey being the other band of Waitresses founder Chris Butler. The recording is taken from a Westwood One radio broadcast.
 Krstac is a village in the municipality of Lučani Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 576 people.
 The Radisson Plaza Hotel Saskatchewan is a historic hotel one of Canada's grand railway hotels located in downtown Regina Saskatchewan Canada overlooking Victoria Park.The Hotel Saskatchewan was the fourteenth hotel in a nationwide chain constructed and owned by the Canadian Pacific Railway The railway's earlier hotels such as the Château Frontenac in Quebec City the Chateau Lake Louise and the Banff Springs Hotel were designed in a distinctive château style but by the late 1920s this had been abandoned in favor of a much simpler and less expensive style although the Canadian National Railway's Bessborough hotel in Saskatoon was built from 1928 to 1932. 
 Terebiski [tɛrɛˈbʲiskʲi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Sławatycze 43 km (27 mi) south-east of Biała Podlaska and 95 km (59 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.The village has a population of 14.
 Second Name (El Segundo Nombre in Spanish) is a 2002 Spanish horror film. The film is based on 2001 horror novel Pact of the Fathers by English horror writer Ramsey Campbell.
 Montseny (Catalan pronunciation: [munˈsɛɲ]) is a mountain range west of the coastal hills north of Barcelona. It is part of the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range.
 Warbel is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Buddhist Temple of Chicago (BTC) was founded in October 1944 by Gyomay Kubose a minister of the Higashi Honganji branch of the Jōdo Shinshū (“Pure Land True Essence”) sect along with several laypeople who had been released from the Japanese American internment camps.
 Proxima Centauri is a science fiction short story by Murray Leinster that first appeared in the March 1935 issue of Astounding Stories. Unusually for the time the story adhered to the laws of physics as they were known showing a starship that was limited by the speed of light and which took several years to travel between the stars. In his comments on the story in Before the Golden Age Isaac Asimov thought that Proxima Centauri must have influenced Robert A.
 The Lead-coloured Pug (Eupithecia plumbeolata) is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe.The wingspan is 14–15 mm. The moth flies from May to June depending on the location.The larvae feed on Melampyrum pratense.
 Zabrnjica is a village in the municipality of Priboj Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 205 people.
 The Rainbow Cubby House is the third book in the Learn to Include series written by an Australian primary school student and her lesbian mum (who could not find any readers featuring same-sex families to donate to her daughter's school).The series and this book in particular were at the centre of a controversy involving a day care centre using books that feature characters from same-sex parent families.
 The Platinum Collection is the third greatest hits/compilation album released by English boy-band Blue. The album was released in some European countries such as France and Germany in June 2006. The album failed to chart elsewhere. The compilation was put together and released by EMI Music.
 St Bridget's lies at the north end of the village of Skenfrith Monmouthshire Wales. It was listed as a Grade I listed building in 19 November 1953.
 Little Jerusalem AME Church also known as Bensalem is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church located at 1200 Bridgewater Road in Cornwells Heights Bensalem Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1830 and renovated about 1860 and 1896. It is a 1 1/2-story one room frame structure with a gable roof. It is one of the oldest African American churches having been established about 1820 by Rev.
 Y Lliwedd is a mountain connected to Snowdon in the Snowdonia National Park North Wales. Its summit lies 2946 ft (898 m) above sea level. The eastern flanks are steep cliffs rising above Glaslyn and Llyn Llydaw. Y Lliwedd is the most conspicuous of the peaks for those who approach Snowdon via the Miners' and Pyg tracks.
 Chincoteague Bay (local /ˈʃɪŋ.kə.tiːɡ/ /ˈʃɪŋ.kə.tɪɡ/ or /ˌʃɪŋ.kə.ˈtiːɡ/) is a lagoon between the Atlantic barrier islands of Assateague and Chincoteague and the mainland of Worcester County Maryland and northern Accomack County Virginia. At the bay's northern end where it narrows between Assateague and Sinepuxent Neck it becomes Sinepuxent Bay; Chincoteague Bay's southern end drains into the Atlantic Ocean via Queen Sound and Chincoteague Inlet.
 Ikolaha is a village located near Khanna in Ludhiana district of Punjab in India.The village Dholewal is approximately 15km from Ikolaha.
 Somebody Else's Coat (Russian: Чужой пиджак) is a 1927 Soviet film directed by Boris Shpis based on Veniamin Kaverin's short story Government Inspector.
 Christ Episcopal Church and Cemetery is a historic church on LA 1 between Courthouse Street and LA 1008 in Napoleonville Louisiana.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 Rudniki [rudˈniki] is a village in Olesno County Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rudniki. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) north-east of Olesno and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.In 2004 the village had a population of 897.
 Spirotropis modiolus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
 Ill (Saarland) is a river of Saarland Germany.
 Les Soleils des indépendances is a first novel by Ivorian author Ahmadou Kourouma. It won the Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire in 1969.
 Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar is a book written by American author Cheryl Strayed. The book was published by Vintage Books a division of Random House Publishing on July 10 2012 and debuted at No. 5 on the New York Times Best Seller list in the advice and self-help category. Tiny Beautiful Things is a collection of essays compiled from Strayed's Dear Sugar advice column which she wrote anonymously on The Rumpus online literary magazine.
 Notes and the Like is the second album by German indietronica band Ms. John Soda. It was released on Morr Music in 2006.
 Shabi Khun Meleh Sorkheh (Persian: شبي خون مله سرخه‎ also Romanized as Shabī Khūn Meleh Sorkheh) is a village in Robat Rural District in the Central District of Khorramabad County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 49 in 9 families.
 Evangervatnet or Lake Evanger is a lake in the municipality of Voss in Hordaland county Norway. The Vosso River flows through both Vangsvatnet and Evangervatnet before it empties into Bolstadfjord by the village of Bolstadøyri. Lake Evanger is named for the village Evanger. The last element vatnet is the definite form of vatn meaning lake.
 The Report to the Commissioner of Baseball of an Independent Investigation into the Illegal Use of Steroids and Other Performance Enhancing Substances by Players in Major League Baseball informally known as the Mitchell Report is the result of former Democratic United States Senator from Maine George J. Mitchell's 21-month investigation into the use of anabolic steroids and human growth hormone (HGH) in Major League Baseball (MLB).
 Pachygrapsus is a genus of small shore crabs comprising the following species:Pachygrapsus corrugatus (von Martens 1872)Pachygrapsus crassipes Randall 1840Pachygrapsus fakaravensis Rathbun 1907Pachygrapsus gracilis (Saussure 1858)Pachygrapsus laevimanus Stimpson 1858Pachygrapsus loveridgei Chace 1966Pachygrapsus marmoratus (Fabricius 1787)Pachygrapsus maurus (Lucas 1846)Pachygrapsus minutus A. Milne-Edwards 1873Pachygrapsus planifrons De Man 1888Pachygrapsus plicatus (H.
 Balutak Shalu (Persian: بلوطك شالو‎ also Romanized as Balūţak Shālū) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District Dehdez District Izeh County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 The Virginians: A Tale of the Last Century (1857-59) is a historical novel by William Makepeace Thackeray which forms a sequel to his Henry Esmond and is also loosely linked to Pendennis.
 Dreaming Down-Under is a 1998 speculative fiction anthology edited by Jack Dann and Janeen Webb
 The Passion Fruit (Dutch: De Passievrucht) is a 2003 Dutch drama film.It received a Golden Film award for 100000 visitors and a Golden Calf award for Best Sound.
 The Fairy Prion (Pachyptila turtur) is a small seabird with the standard prion plumage of black upperparts and white underneath with an M wing marking.
 Execution is the first full-length album by Tribuzy.
 The Valea cu Pietriș River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
 Sabotage (previously known as Ten and Breacher) is a 2014 American action thriller/crime drama film directed by David Ayer written by Skip Woods and Ayer and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger.
 Old Central is the oldest building on the Oklahoma State University campus in Stillwater Oklahoma. Originally built in 1894 it was the first permanent building on the Oklahoma A&M campus. Old Central's bell clapper once served as a traveling trophy in the Bedlam Series athletics rivalry between Oklahoma State University and the University of Oklahoma.
 Fanefin (Persian: فانفين‎ also Romanized as Fānefīn) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District Alamut-e Gharbi District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 141 in 45 families.
 Ephysteris subdiminutella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is a widely distributed species it is known from norther and southern Africa from Egypt to South Africa Australia Palestine India Pakistan and Afghanistan. It is also found in the Galapagos islands.Known hostplants of the larvae of this species include Balanitaceae	(Balanites aegyptiaca) Zygophyllaceae (Zygophyllum album) and Rhamnaceae (Zizyphus sp.).
 K12 is the second highest peak in the Saltoro Mountains a subrange of the Karakoram range in the Siachen region near Jammu and Kashmir. It lies near the Line of Control. Its name comes from its designation given during the original survey of the Karakoram range.K12 lies to the southwest of the Siachen Glacier; the K12 glacier heads on its northeast slopes and feeds the Siachen.
 Sherman Hall is the main administrative building of Western Illinois University and site of the original Western Illinois State Normal School in Macomb Illinois.
 Drowning on Dry Land is a 2004 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn his 66th to be produced. Exploring the culture of B-list celebrities it is a comedy about the rise and fall of Charlie Conrad a man apparently famous for being a failure.
 Sundman is a lunar crater that lies just past the western limb of the Moon. Although it lies on the far side from the Earth this part of the surface is brought into view during periods of favorable libration and illumination. Sundman lies to the southwest of the walled plain Einstein and to the west of the Vallis Bohr cleft.This crater lies in the midst of the skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin.
 Gilcomston South Church is a congregation in the Church of Scotland. The recently refurbished church buildings are located in Union Street Aberdeen.
 The former St. Patrick's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic parish church located at 1301-1305 West Market Street in Louisville Kentucky United States. The church built in 1860 is a large 3-story steepled redbrick Romanesque Revival building while the rectory next door is a 2-story redbrick structure.
 Sanie-Dąb [ˈsaɲe ˈdɔmp] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne within Zambrów County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
 The Man from Mexico is a 1914 silent film produced by the Famous Players Film Company and Daniel Frohman. It starred John Barrymore in his second feature film and was remade in 1926 as Let's Get Married starring Richard Dix. The film was rereleased by Paramount in 1919 as part of the company's Success Series reissue of early successes. The Man from Mexico is now a lost film.The film is based on a Broadway play by Henry A. DuSouchet and was first performed in 1897 with William Collier Sr..
 Jehangir Hospital is a hospital in Pune Maharashtra India. Sir Cowasji Jehangir and Lady Hirabai Jehangir founded the hospital 6 February 1946.
 Kelvin Kel Glare AO APM (born 6 January 1938 in Hopetoun Victoria) is a former Australian police officer who was Chief Commissioner of Victoria Police from 1987 to 1992.
 The Southern Beardless Tyrannulet (Camptostoma obsoletum) is a small passerine bird in the tyrant flycatcher family. It breeds from Costa Rica through South America south to Paraguay Bolivia and Argentina.
 Nebularium is the debut studio album by the Italian melodic death metal band Disarmonia Mundi. It was independently released and recorded by Ettore Rigotti in his home studio. The album would help the group obtain a recording contract with Italian based Scarlet Records. The album was re-released on June 26 2009 in a remastered version with new artwork as a double digipak with a new EP entitled The Restless Memoirs.
 Zeadmete physomon is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae the nutmeg snails.
 The SantralIstanbul (Turkish: Santralİstanbul) opened in 2007 is an arts and cultural complex located at the upper end of Golden Horn in the Eyüp district of Istanbul Turkey.
 San Timoteo Creek (also called San Timoteo Wash) is a stream of the Inland Empire in Southern California in the United States. A tributary of the Santa Ana River it flows through San Timoteo Canyon. San Timoteo Creek has a drainage basin of about 125 square miles (320 km2).
 The Library Card is a 1997 young adult novel by Jerry Spinelli. The book is broken into four short stories each following a different main character but all connected to a library card.
 Things to Make and Do is the third album from the electronic/dance duo Moloko UK issued by Echo Records in 2000. It was a sonic departure for Moloko featuring tracks less reliant on electronics and more on live musicians.
 Field Day is the first studio album from Anthony Phillips in 5 years in between various series releases of the Archive Collection library & TV projects and compilations. It is also the sequel to Private Parts & Pieces V: Twelve in which the acoustic guitar is the sole instrument on the album.
 Designed by Frank Lloyd Wright Samara also known as the John E. Christian House is located in West Lafayette Indiana. The home is an example of the Usonian homes that Wright designed. Samara was built from 1954 and 1956 and is still occupied by the original owner John E. Christian.
 Tandoori Magazine is a British bi-monthly magazine for the South Asian food and catering industry.
 David B. Ashley (born January 5 1951) was the eighth president of the University of Nevada Las Vegas appointed to the position on July 1 2006 and relieved of his duties by the Board of Regents on July 10 2009.Ashley attended MIT becoming a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity and graduated in 1973. His bachelors degree and masters degree also of MIT are both in civil engineering; he has a second masters degree and a doctorate from Stanford University.
 In Concert Volume Two is the fifth album by Christian singer Amy Grant released in 1981 (see 1981 in music).In Concert Volume Two was the second album of a double live set the other being In Concert which was released earlier that year. Although the two should have been issued as a double album budget problems forced the two to be released separately.
 The S. E. Brackett House is a historic house at 63 Columbus Avenue in Somerville Massachusetts. The three story wood frame building was constructed c. 1880 and is one of the most elaborate Second Empire houses in the city. The house is roughly square in shape with a central projecting section on the front facade that rises a full three stories and is topped by a mansard-style fourth floor.
 Another Kind of Monday is a 1996 young-adult novel by the American writer William E. Coles Jr. (1932–2005) set in 1990s Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It tells the story of Mark a high school senior who by chance opens an old library copy of Great Expectations and finds $300 along with a set of directions that launches him into a scavenger hunt all over the city and unwittingly into a romance with a co-quester.
 Return to Peyton Place is a 1959 novel by Grace Metalious a sequel to her best-selling 1956 novel Peyton Place.
 Zeytincik is a village in the District of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 65 people.
 Captain Magal (Captain's daughter) is a Tamil film directed by Bharathiraja.
 Szakácsi is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary. Szakácsi has 150 inhabitants and is situated on either side of the Vadasz-patak (stream) against the hills. It has two churches (Catholic and Reformatory) a village house a shop for basic necessities a slow food restaurant a bus and two flocks of sheep.
 Fletcher Pond (Fletcher Floodwater) is a man-made body of water located in Northeast lower Michigan. The pond covers over 9000 acres (36 km2) of land that was previously cedar forest.
 Grom (Thunder in Polish) is the second studio album by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth. It was recorded and mixed from December 1995 to January 1996 and was originally released in January 1996 through Solistitium Records and later by Pagan Records. The album is Behemoth's last release before their shift into a death metal sound.
 Ellen M. Bard was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.Bard was a 1971 graduate of Pomona College. She also earned a M.S. degree from the Boston University School of Public Communication in 1972 and another M.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Sloan School of Management in 1980.She was elected to represent Ward 7 on the Abington Township Board of Commissioners in 1990.
 Craugastor yucatanensis is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.It is endemic to Mexico.Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Starting Over was Japanese J-pop girlband Speed's very first album and was released on May 21 1997. It contains 3 of Speed's earlier singles Body & Soul Steady and Go! Go! Heaven respectively. The album was hugely successful entering the Oricon weekly charts at number 1 and shipping approximately 2 million units in total.
 Allan Lee Woodrow (16 April 1886 – 29 March 1966) was a Canadian Senator.Born in Saint John New Brunswick he was appointed to the Canadian Senate on 19 May 1953 on the recommendation of Louis St-Laurent. A Liberal he represented the senatorial division of Toronto Centre for the province of Ontario until his resignation on 15 March 1966.
 The marbled snout-burrower (Hemisus marmoratus) is a species of frog in the Hemisotidae family.It is found in Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Ivory Coast Eritrea Ethiopia Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Malawi Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Senegal Somalia South Africa Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe possibly Burundi possibly Mali possibly Niger possibly Rwanda possibly Sierra Leone and possibly Togo.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests dry savanna moist savanna subtropical or tropical moist shrubland subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland swamps freshwater lakes intermittent freshwater lakes freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes arable land plantations seasonally flooded agricultural land and canals and ditches. 
 Her Story is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Madge Titheradge Campbell Gullan and C.M. Hallard. A happily married woman's life is thrown into turmoil when an Russian criminal from her past escapes from jail and comes to visit her. It was one of several films made by the British producer G.B. Samuelson at Universal City in California.
 Temperance Wick known as Tempe (October 30 1758 - April 26 1822) was an American Revolutionary War heroine of Morristown Morris County New Jersey United States.
 Pink Razors is the fourth full-length album by pop punk band Chixdiggit. It was released in 2005.
 Shadabad-e Sofla (Persian: شادابادسفلي‎ also Romanized as Shādābād-e Soflá) is a village in Shizar Rural District Bisotun District Harsin County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 321 in 80 families.
 Jeevan Sathi(1962) (Oriya: ଜୀବନ ସାଥୀ) is an Ollywood / Oriya film directed by Prabhat Mukherjee
 The Chocolate Soldier is a 1941 American musical film directed by Roy Del Ruth.
 The Eternal Flame is the third book in The Great Tree of Avalon trilogy by T. A. Barron. It was preceded by Child of the Dark Prophecy and Shadows on the Stars. The hardcover version of this book was published by Penguin Young Readers Group in 2006.
 Ectoedemia ulmella is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Kentucky and Pennsylvania.The wingspan is 4–5 mm. There are two generations per year. Mature larvae are found in July and in September.The larvae feed on Ulmus fulva and Ulmus thomasii. The mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine starts as a very fine brown or rarely whitish line not very winding in its early course and at about half its length abruptly enlarging.
 Krishna Bose (born December 26 1930) is an Indian political educator and social worker and a member of parliament elected from the Jadavpur constituency in West Bengal as a All India Trinamool Congress candidate.She taught at City College Kolkata for 40 years and thereafter remained its principal for 8 years.
 Eastover is a historic site in Manalapan Florida. It is located at 1100 South Ocean Boulevard. On December 23 2002 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Cricket in Times Square is a 1960 children's book by George Selden and illustrated by Garth Williams. It won the Newbery Honor in 1961.Selden gave this explanation of what was the initial idea for the book:One night I was coming home on the subway and I did hear a cricket chirp in Times Square. The story formed in my mind within minutes. An author is very thankful for minutes like those although they happen all too infrequently.
 Jennifer Howard MLA is a politician in Manitoba Canada. She was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in the 2007 provincial election in the electoral district of Fort Rouge. Howard is a member of the New Democratic Party.Howard was born and raised in Brandon where she graduated from Brandon University; she was the federal New Democratic Party candidate in Brandon—Souris in the 1997 election but lost to Rick Borotsik.
 Calathus angustulus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to the Canary Islands.
 John M. Webster was an American politician who served as the eighteenth Mayor of Somerville Massachusetts.In December 1921 Webster was elected Mayor of Somerville he was reelected over John J. Murphy in December 1923.
 Coleophora ononidella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found south of the line running from France to Cyprus.The larvae feed on Ononis arvensis Ononis spinosa and Ononis spinosa antiquorum. They create a white yellow or brown pistol case with a large transparent pallium that covers most of the case. Larvae can be found from March to May.
 Rock yo shizukani nagareyo (ロックよ、静かに流れよ) is a 1988 Japanese film directed by Shunichi Nagasaki.
 The John Hancock Tower officially named Hancock Place and colloquially known as The Hancock is a 60-story 790 ft (240 m) skyscraper in Boston. The tower was designed by Henry N. Cobb of the firm I. M. Pei & Partners and was completed in 1976. In 1977 the American Institute of Architects presented the firm with a National Honor Award for the building and in 2011 conferred on it the Twenty-five Year Award.
 Epinephelus flavocaeruleus is a grouper from the Indian Ocean that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It is known commonly as the blue and yellow grouper and grows to a size of 90cm in length.
 Kajetany [kajɛˈtanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn within Pruszków County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Joseph Perry Bradbury (November 21 1838–July 17 1915) was a Republican politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who was a judge on the Ohio Supreme Court 1889–1901.Joseph Bradbury was born on a farm near Kygerville Gallia County Ohio. He attended the common schools. In 1857 he joined the United States Army and served under Albert Sidney Johnson against the Mormons.
 Street Roots is a biweekly street newspaper published in Portland Oregon United States. The paper is sold by members of the local homeless community and is published every two weeks on a Friday. Vendors receive 75 cents for every $1 paper they sell. The paper features alternative news interviews and poetry written by local journalists as well as people experiencing homelessness or working with the homeless.
 El Che is the second studio album by Chicago rapper Rhymefest released on June 8 2010. The album was released under dNBe Entertainment and EMI Records who picked up the album after it was dropped by J Records as a result of creative differences. Rhymefest recorded El Che at Soundscape Studios in Chicago Illinois with Grammy-Award winning engineer/producer Michael Kolar.
 The Sonoma Mountains are a northwest-southeast trending mountain range of the Inner Coast Ranges in the California Coast Ranges System located in Sonoma County Northern California.
 Redesdale in Henrico County Virginia near Richmond Virginia was built in 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. The listing included a 35-acre (14 ha) area with 4 contributing buildings 3 contributing sites and 3 contributing structures.According to its NRHP nomination Redesdale is one of the great Georgian Revival country houses of early twentieth century Virginia.It was designed by W. L. Bottomley / William Lawrence Bottomley a society architect.
 Agapeta hamana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 15–24 mm. The moth flies from June to August from dusk.The larvae feed on Carduus.
 Cerro de la Silla (English: Saddle Hill) named for its distinctive saddle-shaped profile when viewed from the west is a famous symbol of the landscape of the state of Nuevo León Mexico. Even though the mountain itself is located in the adjacent city of Guadalupe it is widely associated to the city of Monterrey Mexico.It covers an area of 60.5 square kilometres (23 mi²).
 Megapedion is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Megapedion lefebvrei (Gounelle 1909) Megapedion sylphis (Bates 1870)↑
 Walter Donald McClaskey (July 29 1918 – July 16 1988) was a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
 Westfield Oakridge formerly known as Westfield Shoppingtown Oakridge and Oakridge Mall is a shopping mall owned by The Westfield Group located at the corner of Santa Teresa Boulevard and County Route G10 (Blossom Hill Road) in San Jose California United States. It is anchored by Macy's Sears Target Century Theatres and Nordstrom Rack.
 The Valea Drugilor River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Nej is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Chikodi taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
 The Merume River is a river of Guyana a tributary of the Kamarang River.
 I Put My Blue Genes On is a short story by Orson Scott Card. It appears in his short story collections Unaccompanied Sonata and Other Stories and Maps in a Mirror. It was first published in the August 1978 issue of Analog.
 The Lehman's Port Royal Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located near Port Royal in Turbett Township Juniata County Pennsylvania. It is a Double Burr Arch truss bridge and was built in 1888. It measures 107-foot-long (33 m) and has vertical siding windows at eave level and a gable roof. It was damaged during Hurricane Agnes in 1972 and subsequently rebuilt.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Western Horseman a monthly magazine published by the Magazine Division of Morris Communications was first published in January 1936. It features articles on Western riding the breeding and care of horses horse training and tack and ranching. It is the category leader in equine publishing and is known as The World's Leading Horse Magazine Since 1936 and as America's Favorite Horse Magazine Since 1936.
 Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose: The Forgotten Hero (also known as Bose: The Forgotten Hero) is a 2004 film directed by Shyam Benegal and starring Sachin Khedekar Kulbhushan Kharbanda Rajit Kapur Arif Zakaria and Divya Dutta. The movie depicts the life of the Indian independence leader Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
 Amadu II of Massina (Fula: Amadu Amadu Hammadi; c. 1815 – February 1853) also called Amadu Seku was the second Almami or ruler of the theocratic Massina Empire or Diina of Hamdullahi in what is now Mali. He held this position from 1845 until his death in 1853. His rule was a short period of relative peace and prosperity between the violent reigns of his father and his son.
 Daffy Duck's Quackbusters is a 1988 Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies film with a compilation of classic Warner Bros. Cartoons shorts and animated bridging sequences starring Daffy Duck. It was the final theatrical production in which Mel Blanc provided the voices of the various Looney Tunes characters before his death the following year. It was also the only compilation of classic Warner Bros. cartoon shorts not composed by Robert J. Walsh. The film was released to theaters by Warner Bros.
 Cash and Curry is a 2008 independent British comedy film directed by Sarjit Bains and written by Christine Edwards and Manish Patel. It was filmed in December 2006 on location in Harrow Barnet and Wembley. The film has been premiered at the Portobello Film Festival Mumbai Film Festival and the Tongues on Fire Film Festival. It was released on DVD in UK and Ireland by 4 Digital Media on 19 July 2010.
 Charles Phelps Taft I (December 21 1843 – December 31 1929) was an American lawyer and politician.
 Bageye at the Wheel is a novel by British author Colin Grant giving a semi-autobiographical account of 1970's Luton through the portrayal of the lead character Clinton 'Bageye' Grant. The story itself is one of observation of a period whereby a provincial town of immigrants (a mixture of Irish Asian and Caribbean) and their larger families congregate yet try to assimilate into a British culture which hadn't yet been accustomed to diversity among ethnicities.
 Chelluru is a village in Rayavaram Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh India.
 St Michael the Archangel Church or simply St Michael's Church is an Anglican parish church located in Winterbourne South Gloucestershire. It was built in the 12th century and has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building.The Church is located to the west of Winterbourne largely surrounded by fields and woodland though a number of cottages flank it. Despite its rather isolated location its prominent spire is clearly visible for miles around.
 Barbara A. L'Italien (born January 3 1961) is an American politician from the state of Massachusetts and currently the director of government affairs for the Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts Steve Grossman.From 2003–2011 she was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives representing the 18th Essex District.
 The Pârâul Roșului is a tributary of the Valea Caselor River in Romania.
 The Finsteraarhorn (4274 m (14022 ft)) is the highest mountain in the Bernese Alps and the highest mountain in the canton of Berne. It is also the highest summit in the Alps lying outside the main chain or watershed. The Finsteraarhorn is the ninth highest and third most prominent peak in the Alps. Since 2001 the whole massif and surrounding glaciers are part of the Jungfrau-Aletsch World Heritage Site.
 Jaisithok Mandan is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2492 and had 458 houses in it.
 Dushu Lake (Chinese: 独墅湖) is a fresh water lake located in southern part of Suzhou Industrial Park with an area of about 11.52 square kilometers. Since 2000s Suzhou Dushu Lake Higher Education Town was gradually formed on the east bank. Dushu Lake Tunnel goes through it.
 Four for Tomorrow is the first story collection by Roger Zelazny published in paperback by Ace Books in 1967. British hardcover and paperback editions followed in 1969 under the title A Rose for Ecclesiastes. The first American hardcover was issued in the Garland Library of Science Fiction in 1975. A French translation appeared in 1980 (as Une rose pour l'Ecclésiaste). Paperback reissues continued from Ace and later from Baen Books into the 1990s.
 Aalay Pathu Malai Mathu is a 1988 Tamil Indian feature film written and directed by M.Venkat Vasu and produced by A.K.Kuppu Raj. It stars Chandrasekhar in the lead role.
 Akhvord (Persian: اخورد‎ also Romanized as Ākhvord) is a village in Garmab Rural District Chahardangeh District Sari County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 43 in 12 families.
 Evans is the remnant of a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the south-southwest of the immense walled plain Hertzsprung and is located within that impact basin's broad skirt of ejecta. This material has overflowed the northern rim of Evans and the northern part of the interior floor. The southern rim is not as heavily damaged although it is irregular eroded and overlain by a pair of small craterlets.
 Low-Life is the third studio album by English rock band New Order. Released in May 1985 by Factory Records Low-Life is considered to be among New Order's strongest work displaying the moment in which the band completed its transformation from post-punk hold-overs to dance rock.
 Karevanchi (Persian: كاروانچي‎ also Romanized as Kārevānchī) is a village in Baraan-e Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Isfahan County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 329 in 68 families.
 Miguel Primo de Rivera y Sáenz de Heredia 2nd Duke of Primo de Rivera 4th Marquis of Estella (11 July 1904 – 8 May 1964) was a Spanish lawyer and politician and diplomat. He was the youngest son of former dictatorial Prime Minister Miguel Primo de Rivera and younger brother of the founder of the Falangist movement José Antonio Primo de Rivera.He studied law at Universidad Central de Madrid and called to the bar in Cádiz.
 Le Rôle de sa vie (English: The Role of Her Life) is a 2004 film directed by François Favrat. Karin Viard was nominated for Best Actress in the 2005 César Award.
 This Is How It Is is Original Flavor's first album. It is produced entirely by Ski.
 Amupitiya is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
 John and the Missus is a 1986 Canadian drama film. The film was directed by and starred Gordon Pinsent who wrote the screenplay from his 1974 novel of the same name.
 South Vienna is a village in Clark County Ohio United States. The population was 384 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area.The South Vienna Corn Festival is well known throughout the area and is held on the weekend after Labor Day. The village also has the distinction of having Permit #1 issued by the State of Ohio for traffic lights. Toni Keller is the current mayor.
 Spy is the debut album by American indie rock group Spy. Recorded by Steve Albini the album is a vinyl-only release though it is available free on the band's website. [1]
 Altamont is a village in Daviess County Missouri United States. The population was 204 at the 2010 census.
 Inquest of Pilot Pirx (Polish: Test pilota Pirxa Russian: Дознание пилота Пиркса translit. Doznanie pilota Pirksa Estonian: Navigaator Pirx) is a joint Polish//Estonian/Ukrainian 1978 film directed by Marek Piestrak based on the story The Inquest by Stanisław Lem from his short story collection More Tales of Pirx the Pilot. It was adapted for film by Vladimir Valutsky. It is a joint production by Dovzhenko Film Studios Tallinnfilm and Zespol Filmowy.
 Magic in the Moonlight is an upcoming American comedy film written and directed by Woody Allen. The film stars Emma Stone Colin Firth Hamish Linklater Marcia Gay Harden Jacki Weaver Erica Leerhsen Eileen Atkins Simon McBurney Antonia Clarke and Jeremy Shamos. The film is set in the 1920s on the French Riviera. The film is scheduled to be released on July 25 2014 by Sony Pictures Classics.
 Mastigias is a genus of true jellyfish in the family Mastigiidae. It contains seven described species. Members of this genus are found widely in coastal regions of the Indo-Pacific including saline lakes of Palau (e.g. Jellyfish Lake) but there are also records from the West Atlantic at Florida and Puerto Rico. The West Atlantic records are most likely the result of accidental introductions by humans.
 P. Shanmugham (March 25 1927 – February 2 2013) (Born to Panchanatha Mudaliyar - Gowri) was the Chief Minister of the Union Territory of Puducherry. He served from March 22 2000 to October 27 2001.A staunch loyalist of the Nehru-Gandhi family he was in politics since 1950. He was the Leader of the Opposition between 1969 and 1973 when the DMK formed the government.
 The Ultimates 3 was a five-issue monthly comic book miniseries published in 2008 by Marvel Comics in the Ultimate Marvel imprint. Written by Jeph Loeb and illustrated by Joe Madureira it is a sequel to The Ultimates and The Ultimates 2 as well as a prelude to Ultimatum. A sequel entitled Ultimate Comics: New Ultimates was released in 2010 also written by Loeb. The series continues the stories of the Ultimates.
 Mokowanis Lake is in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana .80 miles (1.29 km) north of Margaret Lake and just northwest of Pyramid Peak. Glenns Lake lies less than .50 miles (0.80 km) north of Mokowanis Lake.
 New Market United Methodist Church is a historic church at 310 Hurricane Road in New Market Alabama. It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Indonesian Honeyeater (Lichmera limbata) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family. It is the only species of honeyeater to occur west of the Wallace Line the biogeographical boundary between the Australian-Papuan and Oriental zoogeographical regions. The species is sometimes considered conspecific with the Brown Honeyeater.
 Myślibory [mɨɕliˈbɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Nur 38 km (24 mi) south-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 105 km (65 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
 St John the Baptist's Church Flookburgh is in Station Road in the village of Flookburgh on the Cartmel Peninsula in Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle.
 Twelve Inch Club is the second of four Japan-exclusive EPs by A-ha. Like the other three EPs it is quite rare due to being only released in Japan. Some (if not all) of the first pressing have the title spelt incorrectly on the disc as Twelve Ihch Club.
 Expert Review of Clinical Pharmacology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal publishing review articles and original papers on all aspects of clinical pharmacology. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Chemical Abstracts EMBASE/Excerpta Medica MEDLINE/Index Medicus/PubMed and Scopus.
 Sphaenothecus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species: Sphaenothecus argenteus Bates 1880 Sphaenothecus bivittata Dupont 1838 Sphaenothecus facetus Chemsak & Noguera 1998 Sphaenothecus maccartyi Chemsak & Noguera 1998 Sphaenothecus picticornis Bates 1880 Sphaenothecus toledoi Chemsak & Noguera 1998 Sphaenothecus trilineatus Dupont 1838↑
 The Whispering Wall is a 2004 album by The Legendary Pink Dots.
 Trzcinica Wołowska [tʂt͡ɕiˈnit͡sa vɔˈwɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko within Wołów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Wińsko 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Wołów and 41 kilometres (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Lookout Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Reginald Thomas Reg Hope (12 June 1927 – 16 December 2010) was an Independent member of the Tamar and (from 1982) Meander divisions of the Tasmanian Legislative Council from 1979 to 1997.Hope was born in Sheffield Tasmania. He served as President of the Tasmanian Legislative Council from 1995 to 1997. The Reg Hope Foreshore Park in Devonport Tasmania is named in his honour.Hope died on 16 December 2010.
 Apache War Smoke is a 1952 film.
 Cerrah Mehmed Pasha (died January 1604 Istanbul) was an Ottoman statesman. He was grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire from 1598 to 1599.Mehmed Pasha was the palace surgeon prior to becoming grand vizier hence his epithet cerrah (surgeon). The Istanbul neighborhood of Cerrahpaşa and one of the two medical faculties of Istanbul University Cerrahpaşa Medical Faculty (tr) (the other being Istanbul Medical Faculty (tr)) are named after him.
 Kohel Bolagh (Persian: كهل بلاغ‎ also Romanized as Kohel Bolāgh; also known as Kohel Bolāgh-e Sahand and Kohel Bolāghī) is a village in Almalu Rural District Nazarkahrizi District Hashtrud County East Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 7 families.
 Mallinella fulvipes is a species of spider in the family Zodariidae.
 Jonny Vang is a Norwegian film from 2003. It was directed by Jens Lien after a script by Ståle Stein Berg. The music was composed by the band Calexico. The plot is a drama-comedy from the Norwegian countryside where the protagonist Jonny Vang is frustrated in his efforts to prosper as a breeder of earthworms. The film was reasonably well received by critics and was awarded an Amanda Award for Best Actor in 2003.
 The Devils Hole Hills are a mountain range in Nye County Nevada.
 Qiran is a village in Al Madinah Province in western Saudi Arabia.
 Loud Like Nature is the fifth and final album by UK electronica group Add N to (X) released in 2002 through Mute Records.
 Monster Madness is a compilation album of heavy metal hits released in 2000 as part of Razor & Tie's Monster line of 80s hard rock/metal compilation CDs (Monsters of Rock Monster Ballads etc.).
 Nuestro Show No Puede Parar is the second album by Mexican Pop singer Angélica Vale. It was released in 1990.
 A Vindication of The Rights of Whores is an anthology edited by Gail Pheterson with a preface by Margo St.
 The Day of the Owl (Italian: Il giorno della civetta) is a crime novel about the Mafia by Leonardo Sciascia finished in 1960 and published in 1961.As the author wrote in his preface of the 1972 Italian edition the novel was written at a time in which the existence of the Mafia itself was debated and denied.
 It Is Not the Homosexual Who Is Perverse But the Society in Which He Lives (German: Nicht der Homosexuelle ist pervers sondern die Situation in der er lebt) is a 1971 German camp film directed by Rosa von Praunheim. The plot follows the adventures of a young gay man from the province that arrives to Berlin. He gradually leaves behind his innocence lead by his increasing appetite for excitement in the big-city gay scene.
 Window Connections is an upcoming Bengali psychological thriller film directed by R. K. Gupta. It features actors Aryann Bhowmik and Tanusree Chakraborty in the lead roles. Music of this film has been composed by Anupam Roy.
 Purple Hearts is a 1984 war film directed by Sidney J. Furie starring Ken Wahl and Cheryl Ladd. A Navy surgeon and a Navy nurse fall in love while serving in Vietnam during the war. Their affection for one another provides a striking contrast to the violence of warfare.
 Bagno [ˈbaɡnɔ] (German: Heinzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Oborniki Śląskie 18 kilometres (11 mi) west of Trzebnica and 29 kilometres (18 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław. The 18th century Bagno Palace today is home to a seminary of the Salvatorian order.
 Hesar-e Gapuchi (Persian: حصارگاپوچي‎ also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Gāpūchī; also known as Ḩeşār-e Qāpūchī) is a village in Torkaman Rural District in the Central District of Urmia County West Azerbaijan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 17 families.
 Static Anonymity is an EP released by the Canadian band Metric in 2001. The back cover of the album states that This handmade collection of rare songs is only available at Metric performances or at www.ilovemetric.com and is not intended for retail sale. Though it states that one can buy the album via the band's official website this is no longer true.
 Harrington Machine Shop is a historic industrial building located in the Franklintown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is located next to the former Middishade Clothing Factory. It was built in 1903 and is a five-story steel and wood frame brick and ashlar stone. It measures 215 feet by 100 feet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The interior has been converted into loft apartments.
 Haemyeongsan is a mountain in Incheon South Korea. It is on the island of Seongmodo in the county of Ganghwa. The mountain has an elevation of 309 m (1014 ft).
 Middagskollen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 The Journal of Perinatal & Neonatal Nursing is a peer-reviewed nursing journal of perinatal nursing and neonatal nursing. Each issue is presented in a topic-oriented format. It is popularly known as the Pink Journal.
 The Xanadu Talisman is the title of an action-adventure/spy novel by Peter O'Donnell that was first published in 1981 featuring the character Modesty Blaise. This was the tenth book to feature the character. It was first published in the United Kingdom by Souvenir Press.
 Emil B. Pielke (born March 4 1942) was appointed in 2002 to represent District 9B which covers a portion of Baltimore County Maryland.
 Ameerega pongoensis formerly Epipedobates pongoensis is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests rivers freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.
 Gwin Dudley Home Site also known as Twin Chimneys is a historic home site located at Smith Mountain Lake Wirtz Franklin County Virginia. The site consists of two extant stone chimneys that are situated 31 feet 8 inches apart (inside face to inside face) indicating the length of the house which was lost to fire in the early 20th century. They were part of a house erected about 1795.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Shelley Mayer is a Democratic member of the New York State Assembly representing Assembly District 90 which includes the city of Yonkers. She was first elected on March 20 2012 in a special election to succeed Mike Spano and was re-elected in November 2012. Mayer was born and raised in Yonkers. Prior to her election to the Assembly Mayer was a Senior Counsel at the National State Attorney General Program at Columbia University where she focused on health care and labor law rights.
 The World of Cecil Taylor is an album by Cecil Taylor recorded for the Candid label in October 1960. The album features performances by Taylor with Archie Shepp Buell Neidlinger and Denis Charles. Alternate takes from these sessions were released on Air in 1987. A 1971 reissue of the original album on the Barnaby label was also titled Air.
 Rurzyca [ruˈʐɨt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów within Goleniów County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Goleniów and 15 km (9 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 500.
 The Incredibles is the original score album featured on the film of the same name composed by Michael Giacchino. The Incredibles is the first Pixar film to be scored by Michael Giacchino. Brad Bird was looking for a specific sound as inspired by the film's design — the future as seen from the 1960s. John Barry was the first choice to do the film's score with a trailer of the film given a rerecording of Barry's theme to On Her Majesty's Secret Service.
 The Merry Men and Other Tales and Fables (1887) is a collection of short stories by Robert Louis Stevenson. The title derives from the local name given to a group of waves in the title short story not from the Merry Men of Robin Hood tales.
 The Palm Canyon Times was a bi-weekly newspaper and magazine primarily for Palm Springs California and the adjoining cities in Palm Springs areas of the Coachella Valley. The newspaper was named after the main valley thoroughfare called Palm Canyon Drive within Palm Springs. As a community newspaper it focused on local personalities community leaders and businesses charitable organizations and upcoming events in the community.
 Platyarthrini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae containing the single genus Platyarthron and the following species: Platyarthron bilineatum Guérin-Méneville 1844 Platyarthron chilense (Thomson 1860) Platyarthron laterale Bates 1885 Platyarthron rectilineum Bates 1880 Platyarthron semivittatum Bates 1885 Platyarthron villiersi Delfino 1985↑
 Anna Boleyn is a 1920 German historical film directed by Ernst Lubitsch. It starred Henny Porten as Anne Boleyn and Emil Jannings as King Henry VIII.
 Józefowo [juzɛˈfɔvɔ] is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki within Szamotuły County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Empire is the fourth historical novel in the Narratives of Empire series by Gore Vidal published in 1987.The novel concerns the fictional newspaper dynasty of half-sibling characters Caroline and Blaise Sanford. Playing these characters against real-life figures of the years 1898 to 1907 the novel portrays the conjunction of government and mass media in the creation of modern-day America.
 Parirazona sobrina is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Brazil (Santa Catarina).
 Cicakman 2 – Planet Hitam (Geckoman 2 - Black Planet) is a film sequel of Cicak-Man that had been released in 11 December 2008 by KRU Studios with collaboration with Grand Brilliance Sdn. Bhd. in Malaysia Singapore and Brunei while expected to be released in Indonesia in January 2009.Still directed by Yusry Abdul Halim with script by the director and Meor Shariman this action-comedy saw the return of the cast from the first movie and new characters were introduced.
 Cotidianul was a Romanian newspaper. Founded by Ion Raţiu it published its first issue on May 10 1991 and was the first privately held newspaper in Romania following the Romanian Revolution of 1989. It ceased print publication in December 2009 due to financial difficulties but remains active as an online news source. As a newspaper it was published Monday to Saturday in Berliner format. The owners announced the closure was temporary due to insolvency but no buyers have been found.
 The Very Best of Baccara is a compilation album by Spanish duo Baccara released by Sony BMG in June 2006.
 Against is the seventh studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura released in 1998 through Roadrunner Records. It is the band's first release with new frontman Derrick Green who replaced group founder Max Cavalera in 1997.
 The Ellmauer Halt (2344 m) is the highest peak in the mountain massif of the Wilder Kaiser in the Kaisergebirge range (Northern Limestone Alps) in the Austrian state of Tyrol. To the east is the summit of the Kapuzenturm a striking and isolated rock pinnacle. In 1883 the first summit cross was erected on the mountain top.The base camp for climbing tours on this mountain is the Grutten Hut mountain hut on its southern flank at a height of 1620 m.
 De turno con la muerte is a 1951 Argentine film.
 James Asheton Bayard Sr. (July 28 1767 – August 6 1815) was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington in New Castle County Delaware. He was a member of the Federalist Party who served as U.S. Representative from Delaware and U.S. Senator from Delaware.
 Avak-e Pain (Persian: اوك پائين‎ also Romanized as Āvak-e Pā’īn; also known as Avak) is a village in Kuhak Rural District in the Central District of Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 72 in 10 families.
 Two Stage Sisters (simplified Chinese: 舞台姐妹; traditional Chinese: 舞臺姐妹; pinyin: Wŭtái Jiěmèi) also called Stage Sisters is a 1964 Chinese drama film produced by Shanghai Tianma Film Studio and directed by Xie Jin starring Xie Fang and Cao Yindi. Made just before the Cultural Revolution it tells the story of two female Yue (Shaoxing) Opera practitioners from the same troupe who end up taking very different paths in their lives.
 Pål Steigan (born 31 May 1949 Oslo) is a Norwegian communist and a former leader of the Maoist Workers' Communist Party (in Norwegian: Arbeidernes Kommunistparti AKP) from 1975 to 1984 and a writer later an editor. He now runs his own firm working with culture and ICT. During his term as leader of the AKP Steigan traveled to several countries ruled by communists such as China Czechoslovakia Albania and Cambodia (Democratic Kampuchea).
 The Garage is a 1920 American short comedy film starring Buster Keaton and Roscoe Fatty Arbuckle. It was directed by Arbuckle himself. The film was also known as Fire Chief. This was the fourteenth film starring the duo. The film also stars Luke the Dog who starred in many other short comedies starring Keaton and Arbuckle.
 The Truth is the second studio album by American R&B/soul girl group Cherish. It was released on May 13 2008. The first single is Killa featuring rapper Yung Joc and produced by Don Vito and Blade released on November 27 2007. The single is featured in the movie Step Up 2: The Streets and its soundtrack.Killa is featured on America's Next Top Model's promotional theme song.
 Gould Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada. Situated north of the town of Sydenham Ontario in the Canadian Shield Gould Lake is the headwaters of the Millhaven Creek system. In the 19th century and early 20th century the area around Gould Lake was noted for its mica mines.Much of the southwest end of the lake is situated within Gould Lake Conservation Area which is under the management of the Cataraqui Region Conservation Authority.
 Sueños (Eng.: Dreams) is the title of a studio album released by norteño music band Intocable. This album became their first number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart for 4 weeks and received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album.
 Acraea mirifica is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Angola northern Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo (Lualaba). The habitat consists of marshy areas.
 Portage River is a 38.6-mile-long (62.1 km) river that flows southward through Kalamazoo County and St. Joseph County Michigan. Its headwaters are 8 miles (13 km) east of the city of Kalamazoo at Portage Lake and the river flows southwest to its mouth within the city limits of Three Rivers where it drains into the St. Joseph River.
 The concept of The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid originally appeared as an article by C. K. Prahalad and Stuart L. Hart in the business journal Strategy+Business. The article was followed by a book with the same title that discusses new business models targeted at providing goods and services to the poorest people in the world.
 Skjolden is a village in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located at the end of the Lustrafjorden a branch of the Sognefjorden. Skjolden is located at the innermost point of the Sognefjorden Norway's longest fjord and is the length of the Sognefjorden is measured from Skjolden to the island of Ytre Sula where the fjord meets to ocean. The valleys of Mørkridsdal and Fortunsdal meet at Skjolden just west of the Hurrungane mountains.
 Sweet Homewrecker is the first full-length album by Canadian rock band Thrush Hermit. It was released on Elektra Records in 1997.
 Sayij Mahalleh (Persian: سائيج محله‎ also Romanized as Sāyīj Maḩalleh; also known as Sā’ch Maḩalleh Sag Maḩalleh and Saj Maḩalleh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District in the Central District of Amol County Mazandaran Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1325 in 342 families.
 Back is a novel written by British writer Henry Green and published in 1946.
 Dei Sepolcri is a poem written by the Italian poet Ugo Foscolo in 1806 and published in 1807. It consists of 295 hendecasyllabic verses. The carme (as the author defined it) is dedicated to another poet Ippolito Pindemonte with whom Foscolo had been discussing the recent Napoleonic law regarding tombs.Foscolo held materialistic views about man's destiny after death but he strongly affirmed the value of tombs as memorials to noble souls or bright intellects.
 The Shulchan Aruch (Hebrew: שֻׁלחָן עָרוּך‎ [ʃulˈħan ʕaˈʁuχ] literally: Set Table) also known by various Jewish communities but not all as the Code of Jewish Law. There are various legal codes in Judaism but the Shulchan Aruch is the most widely consulted. It was authored in Safed Ottoman Eyalet of Damascus by Yosef Karo in 1563 and published in Venice two years later.
 Ushinawareta Mirai o Motomete (失われた未来を求めて lit. In Search of Lost Future) subtitled À la recherche du futur perdu sometimes abbreviated as Waremete (われめて) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Trumple and released for Windows on November 26 2010. The title is derived from In Search of Lost Time a French novel written by Marcel Proust. A manga adaptation was published by Kadokawa Shoten from 2011 to 2012. An anime adaptation has been announced.
 Soorat Aur Seerat is a 1962 Hindi film directed by Rajnish Behl. The film stars Dharmendra Nutan K. N. Singh Iftekar and Asit Sen.The films music is by Roshan.
 Swift's Epitaph is a translation by Irish poet William Butler Yeats of Jonathan Swift's epitaph which Swift wrote for himself in Latin. Yeats' somewhat free translation appeared in his 1933 collection The Winding Stair and Other Poems.
 Mary Patricia McAleese (/mækəˈliːs/; née Leneghan; Irish: Máire Pádraigín Mhic Ghiolla Íosa; born 27 June 1951) served as the eighth President of Ireland from 1997 to 2011. She was the second female president and was first elected in 1997 succeeding Mary Robinson making McAleese the world's first woman to succeed another as president. She was re-elected unopposed for a second term in office in 2004.
 The Josiah A. Ames House is an historic house on 145 Bridge Street in Barnstable Massachusetts. It is a vernacular Queen Anne Victorian wood frame house built in 1887 by Josiah Ames a veteran of the Mexican-American War and the American Civil War.
 re-Foc is the first widely available album by Mexican guitar duo Rodrigo y Gabriela released in 2002. Some songs are re-recorded versions of those that appeared on Foc while others were written for this album.
 Windswept House: A Vatican Novel is a novel by Roman Catholic priest and theologian Malachi Martin. The book charts the turmoil within the Catholic faith and within Vatican City.
 Her Brother (Japanese: Otôto) is a 1960 Japanese drama film directed by Kon Ichikawa. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival where it won a prize for Special Distinction.In order to achieve a desaturated look for the film Ichikawa and cameraman Kazuo Miyagawa devised the cinematographic technique known as bleach bypass.
 Cotinis mutabilis also known as the green fruit beetle or fig beetle and also as junebug is a member of the scarab beetle family. It belongs to the subfamily Cetoniinae comprising a group of beetles commonly called flower chafers since many of them feed on pollen nectar or petals. Its habitat is primarily the southwestern United States and Mexico.
 To Face Her Past is a 1996 television film directed by Steven Schachter. Based on a true story the film stars Patty Duke Tracey Gold David Ogden Stiers Gabrielle Carteris and James Brolin.
 Abbasabad-e Qarah Aghaj (Persian: عباس ابادقره اغاج‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Qarah Āghāj; also known as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District in the Central District of Zarandieh County Markazi Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 17 in 4 families.
 Braddock Peak is located in Jackson County Colorado in the Colorado State Forest 1.3 miles (2.1 km) east-northeast of Seven Utes Mountain 1.3 miles (2.1 km) west of Snow Lake 1.7 miles (2.7 km) north of the boundary of Routt National Forest and the Never Summer Wilderness.It is named for Dr. William A. Braddock (1929–2003) Professor of Geological Sciences at the University of Colorado at Boulder from 1958 to 1994. Dr.
 Allison Copening is a Democratic member of the Nevada Senate representing Clark County District 6 (map) from 2009 to 2013 defeating incumbent Bob Beers.
 Me Not Me is the second solo studio album by keyboardist Marco Benevento of Brooklyn New York released in 2009. It consists mostly of covers -- hence the title -- along with three original tracks.
 The French Line is a 1954 musical film starring Jane Russell made by RKO Pictures directed by Lloyd Bacon and produced by Edmund Grainger with Howard Hughes as executive producer. The screenplay was by Mary Loos and Richard Sale based on a story by Matty Kemp and Isabel Dawn. It was filmed in three strip technicolor and Dual strip polarized 3D during what many consider 3-D film's golden era of 1952-1954.Gilbert Roland co-stars and Kim Novak makes her first film appearance.
 Gunsmoke: Return to Dodge is the first TV-movie based on the 20-year (1955-1975) television version of Gunsmoke starring James Arness. Although it is supposed to be set in the wilds of Kansas it was filmed in Alberta Canada.
 Hotel Giraffe is a luxury hotel located in New York City. The hotel has won many awards such as Best Boutique Hotel-2007 according to CitySearch.com. Hotel Giraffe is located at the Northeast corner of Park Avenue South and 26th street.Hotel Giraffe is part of The Library Hotel Collection a boutique hotel group that is owned by Henry Kallan.
 The Seven Wonders of the World is a studio album by progressive rock artist and keyboardist Rick Wakeman released in 1995. The album explores instrumentally the themes of each of the Seven Ancient Wonders of the World. Each track is introduced by Garfield Morgan giving a short biography of each wonder before the instrumental track begins. The album is free of any bombastic attack and each track has a refined tempo and instrumental progression that outlines each wonder's attributes.
 Horst is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Smile Wins is a 1928 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 72nd Our Gang short subject released.
 St Oswald's Church Thornton in Lonsdale is in the village of Thornton in Lonsdale North Yorkshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ewecross the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds. Its benefice is united with that of All Saints Burton in Lonsdale. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Nicolaas Christiaan Havenga (born 1 May 1882 in Fauresmith Oranje Free State died 14 March 1957 in Cape Town South Africa) was a South African politician who served as Finance Minister in the governments of J. B. M. Hertzog and Daniel François Malan.
 Pachytrechodes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae containing the following species: Pachytrechodes basilewskyi Jeannel 1960 Pachytrechodes leleupi Ueno 1987 Pachytrechodes uncinatus Ueno 1987↑
 The River Avon is a river in Falkirk Scotland. It originates from the Fannyside Lochs in North Lanarkshire some 3 miles (5 km) east of Cumbernauld. It flows through Avonbridge through the Avon Gorge through Muiravonside Country Park Falkirk past the west of Linlithgow and enters the Firth of Forth near Grangemouth.
 Rao Bahadur Hubbatale Bellie Ari Gowder (December 4 1893 – June 28 1971) was a Badaga leader and the first member of the Badaga community to be elected to the Madras Legislative Council.
 26 Broadway (also known as the Standard Oil Building) is a 31-story 159 m 520 ft New York City Designated Landmark at the southern tip of Manhattan at Bowling Green. The structure is currently the 197th tallest building in New York City and the 572nd tallest building in the United States.
 Fightin' Navy was a bimonthly war comic published by Charlton Comics from 1956–1966 and then again from 1983–1984 (though it was then a reprint title). Telling fictional stories of the United States Navy it was a sister title of the other Charlton war comics Fightin' Army Fightin' Air Force and Fightin' Marines.Regular contributors to Fightin' Navy included penciler Bill Molno and inker Vince Alascia both of whom worked on the book during nearly all of its run.
 Gulkajmy [ɡulˈkai̯mɨ] (German: Gahlkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol within Bartoszyce County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
 Kachum Mahalleh (Persian: كچوم محله‎ also Romanized as Kachūm Maḩalleh) is a village in Chubar Rural District Haviq District Talesh County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 32 in 5 families.
 Aegires gardineri also known as ' Notodoris gardineri' is a species of nudibranch a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aegiridae.
 Same-Sex Unions in Pre-Modern Europe (UK title; The Marriage of Likeness: Same-Sex Unions in Pre-Modern Europe) is a historical study written by American historian John Boswell and first published by Villard Books in 1994. Then a professor at Yale University Boswell was a specialist on homosexuality in Christian Europe having previously authored three books on the subject.
 There Goes the Neighborhood released as Paydirt in most foreign countries is a 1992 comedy film. The film tells a story of a dying prisoner who whispers the location of his loot to the facility's psychologist Willis Embry (Jeff Daniels) who heads to the New Jersey suburbs to find it.
 Connie Lou Weigleb Sipes is a former Democratic member of the Indiana Senate representing the 46th District from 1997 to 2011.
 A Dramatic Turn of Events is the eleventh studio album by American progressive metal band Dream Theater released worldwide on September 12 2011 and in the United States on September 13 through Roadrunner Records. It is the band's first recording to feature drummer Mike Mangini following the departure of founding member Mike Portnoy in September 2010. The album was written recorded mixed and mastered between January and June 2011 at Cove City Sound Studios in Long Island New York.
 Leiarius is a genus of long-whiskered catfishes native to South America. Most of the genus' species are found in the aquarium hobby as ornamental fish.
 The Valea Pleșei River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Thein Htay (Burmese: သိန်းဌေး) was the former Minister for Border Affairs and Minister for Industrial Development of Myanmar (Burma). He was reassigned to Myanmar Army on February 2013 as the head of the Directorate of Defense Industries (DDI) carrying the rank of Lieutenant General.
 Anaspidoglanis macrostomus the Flatnose catfish is a species of claroteid catfish found in rivers in Angola Cameroon the Democratic Republic of the Congo the Republic of the Congo and Gabon. It is active during twilight and at night and its diet consists of small fishes crustaceans and insect larvae. It grows to a length of 24.0 cm (9.4 inches) TL.
 Chinese Adventures in China (French: Les Tribulations d'un Chinois en Chine) is a 1965 French adventure comedy film starring Jean Paul Belmondo and Ursula Andress. It was directed by Philippe de Broca and written by Daniel Boulanger loosely based on the 1879 novel Tribulations of a Chinaman in China by Jules Verne.
 The Allen River is a river in the West Coast district of the South Island of New Zealand. It drains the south side of the Allen Range (heights up to 1450 m) which forms part of the boundary between West Coast and Tasman districts.The river has left and right branches for half its length and the right branch has a major tributary stream in a valley between the two branches.
 Cultus Lake Park is a lake associated community and provincial park in the Fraser Valley region of British Columbia Canada. It is the source of the Sweltzer River. The lake itself is warm and the area has become a popular recreation destination with ample opportunities for fishing water skiing wind surfing and hiking. Cultus Lake is located 11 kilometers (6.8 mi) south of the Chilliwack River near the city of Chilliwack and approximately 80 kilometers (50 mi) east of Vancouver.
 The Science Of Things is the third studio album by British post-grunge band Bush. Released in 1999 it was the last Bush album under Trauma Records. It features many electronic influences and while successful sold less than its predecessors reaching a platinum certification and #11 in the US.
 Hypotrix alamosa is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is known only from south-eastern Arizona. Adults are on wing from early June to mid-July and early to late September.
 Digamarru is a village in the West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh State IndiaHere there is a famous Shiva temple. In Digamarru there is a famous area Shivanandi Peta. The main attraction here is Bala Vanayaka Swami Temple. In this temple the people will make puja(prayer) and prasadam every week bhajana(singing devotional songs with music) in Bala Vinayaka swami temple is foamous for surroundig areas of Digamarru.....'
 Common names: Jan's snake.Elapotinus is a monotypic genus created for the rear-fanged (opisthoglyphous) venomous snake species Elapotinus picteti found in Africa. No subspecies are currently recognized.
 George Lucas in Love is an independent live action parodical short film that started attracting notice in June 1999 when it was passed around Hollywood offices as a filmmaker's calling card. The film was directed by Joe Nussbaum a University of Southern California graduate.
 The Guildhall formerly Holy Trinity Church is a redundant church in Watergate in the city of Chester Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. The church closed in 1960 became known as the Guildhall and was converted to be used for secular purposes.
 Wig Out at Jagbags is an album by Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks. It was released on January 7 2014 by Matador Records.
 The St. Volodymyr Museum is a museum in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. It was started in Canada's centennial year by the Ukrainian Catholic Women's League of Canada. The museum collects preserves interprets and exhibits Ukrainian Catholic material.The museum is located at 233 Scotia Street.
 Eleutherodactylus nasutus is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and plantations .It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Robert Foligny Broussard (August 17 1864 – April 12 1918) was both a U.S. representative and a U.S. senator from Louisiana. He was born on the Mary Louise plantation near New Iberia the seat of Iberia Parish. He attended public and private schools. Broussard attended the Catholic Georgetown University in Washington D.C. from 1879 to 1882. He was a night inspector of customs in New Orleans from 1885 to 1888 when he was appointed assistant weigher and statistician.
 Sognesjøen is a strait in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The strait is the outermost part of the large Sognefjorden. It runs along the border between Solund and Gulen municipalities. The 35-kilometre (22 mi) long strait begins around the village of Rutledal on the mainland of Gulen at the mouth of the Sognefjorden. The strait then flows in a southwesterly direction into the North Sea just north of the island municipality of Fedje (in Hordaland county).
 Anime from Akira to Princess Mononoke: Experiencing Contemporary Japanese Animation is a scholarly book which uses techniques of literary criticism on anime by Susan J. Napier published in 2001 by Palgrave Macmillan. It discusses themes of shōjo hentai mecha magical girlfriend and magical girl anime using select titles. It also discusses some aspects of the English-speaking anime fandom.
 The Birthplace of Simón Bolívar (Spanish: Casa Natal del Libertador Simón Bolívar) is a seventeenth-century house in the Venezuelan capital city Caracas that now serves as a museum for the Venezuelan independence hero Simón Bolívar.
 Matarage Sirisena Amarasiri (5 September 1925 - 8 January 2007) was the 1st Chief Minister of Southern Province and 5th Governor of Uva.
 Collected is the third compilation album by American rock band Limp Bizkit. Released in 2008 it a retrospective compilation album from the band's albums Three Dollar Bill Yall$ Significant Other Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water Results May Vary and The Unquestionable Truth (Part 1).
 Not Animal is the second full-length album released by Margot and the Nuclear So and So's the first on Epic Records. It is being co-released with the band-selected version Animal!. It was recorded at Engine Studios in Chicago IL. Brian Deck produced the album and it was engineered by Neil Strauch.
 Lake Pat Cleburne is the municipal water reservoir for the city of Cleburne Texas as well as a recreational lake for residents. It is formed by damming the Nolan River which continues below the lake's dam. The water is murky due to sediment. U.S. Highway 67 crosses over the extreme north end of the lake lending a panoramic view of the complete lake.
 The Valea Botei Mari River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
 Abdallah Muhammad Wali was elected Senator for the Sokoto South constituency of Sokoto State Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic running on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform.
 Dorodoca is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
 Smith Peak in Yosemite National Park in the United States overlooks the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir and provides grand vistas of the Hetch Hetchy Valley and surrounding wilderness. It is named for a sheep owner who claimed to own the Hetch Hetchy Valley and used it as a summer pasture.
 María Isabel Urrutia Ocoró (born 25 March 1965) is a former weightlifter and politician from Colombia.
 Mordellistena multistrigosa is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. It was discovered in 1967.
 Spring Bank also known as Ravenscroft and Magnolia Grove is a historic plantation home located near Lunenburg Lunenburg County Virginia. It was built about 1793 and is a five-part Palladian plan frame dwelling in the Late Georgian style. It is composed of a two-story three-bay center block flanked by one-story one-bay hipped roof wings with one-story one-bay shed-roofed wings at the ends.
 Augustin King of Kung-Fu (original French title: Augustin roi du Kung-fu) is a 1999 film directed by Anne Fontaine.
 Kelly D. Johnston (born August 27 1956) is a former Secretary of the United States Senate. He served as the 28th Secretary of the Senate and was nominated by Bob Dole who was Senate Majority Leader at the time. He was the first Secretary of the Senate from Oklahoma and the second youngest ever chosen.Johnston currently works as the Vice President of Government Affairs for the Campbell Soup Company and is a member of the board of Congressional Management Foundation.
 The Pendleton Center for the Arts is an arts center located in the historic former Umatilla County Library building also known as Pendleton Public Library in Pendleton Oregon United States.
 Dictynidae is a family of cribellate (hackled band-producing) spiders. Most spiders in this family build irregular webs close to or directly on the ground. Typically they create a tangle of silken fibers among several branches or stems of one plant.
 Euphaedra oremansi is a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Apung Mamacalulu (Santo Entierro of Angeles City) is a statue depicting the dead Christ enshrined in Barangay Lourdes Sur Angeles City Pampanga.Apung Mamacalulu is He who bestows mercy beyond the grave.
 Lerchenborg is a manor house located 4 km south of Kalundborg on the west coast of Zealand Denmark. It is the clubhouse for the Royal Tarok Club (DKT); the owner a Tarok player himself chairs the club which was founded in 2008. The DKT is noted for occasional sightings of minor Danish celebrities such as members of the Wedell noble family; Nils Foss a film director; the owners of the Asbæk art gallery; Ole Mathiesen watchmaker; and most famously HRH Henrik Prince Consort of Denmark.
 Hendrik Jan Henk Hofstra (28 September 1904 – 16 February 1999) was a Dutch politician of the Social Democratic Workers' Party (SDAP) until the party became the Labour Party (PvdA).
 The Very Best of Randy Travis is a compilation album by American country music artist Randy Travis. It was released in 2004 via Warner Bros. Records. The album peaked at number 10 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 The Wenham Historic District is a predominantly rural and residential historic district in Wenham Massachusetts. It encompasses the full length of Main Street (Massachusetts Route 1A) between the Beverly and Hamilton lines a stretch of one of the original post roads which is known to have elements of its present alignment as early as 1710. The architecture along the route is predominantly residential principally excepting the cluster of municipal and religious buildings in the town center.
 The Stranger and the Gunfighter is a 1974 kung fu Spaghetti Western produced by the Shaw Brothers in collaboration with an Italian company and filmed on location in Hong Kong and Spain. It was directed by Antonio Margheriti starring Lo Lieh (at the time one of Hong Kong's most famous action stars) as Ho Chiang. For English-language release the film was retitled The Stranger and the Gunfighter and Blood Money.
 Kanthapuram A. P. Aboobacker Musliyar (Arab world known as: sheikh Aboobacker Ahmad (شيخ ابوبكر أحمد)) (born on 22 March 1939) is the leader and scholar of one of the traditionalist Sunni Muslims (shafi) in Kerala India.Usthad Shaikh Aboobackar bin Ahmad is the General Secretary of the All India Muslim Scholars Association and founder and Vice Chancellor of Jamia Markazu Ssaquafathi Ssunniyya (Sunni Cultural Centre) Karanthur Kozhikode Kerala.
 Making Love... The Very Best of Air Supply is the second compilation album of Australian soft rock band Air Supply.
 Trapper Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Trapper Lake is just northeast of Trapper Mountain and is not on a designated trail. The lake is accessible after a steep climb from the Upper Stehekin River Trail.
 Franey Mountain is located in Victoria County in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia within Cape Breton Highlands National Park. Franey Mountain is part of the Cape Breton Highlands plateau and is located 4.5 kilometres (2.8 mi) west of Ingonish Cape Breton Island. The elevation of the mountain is 430 metres (1410 ft). It is the highpoint of the massif between Dundas Brook and Clyburn Brook.
 St Nicholas Acons was an Anglican parish church dating back to the 9th century(Youngs1979) and situated in Nicholas Lane(Hallows1954) within the City of London which was destroyed during the Great Fire of London and not rebuilt(Reynolds1922). Its parish book however did survive and records that a foundling discovered in 1539 was named Nicholas Acons(Brigg1890) the name itself stemming from a mediaeval benefactor(Stow1890).
 Ibisia is a genus of 'ibis flies' belonging to the family Athericidae a small family very similar to Rhagionidae ('Snipe Flies').
 Little Nikita is a cult 1988 American drama film directed by Richard Benjamin and starring Sidney Poitier and River Phoenix.
 Cham Hajjian (Persian: چم حاجيان‎ also Romanized as Cham Ḩājjīān) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District Hati District Lali County Khuzestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 232 in 50 families.
 Tale of a Dog is a 1944 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Cyril Endfield. It was the 219th Our Gang short to be released and the penultimate film in the series. Tale of a Dog was actually sold to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer not as an Our Gang comedy but as part of its MGM Miniatures variety series.
 God's Mischief (original title: Daivathinte Vikrithikal) is a 1989 Malayalam novel written by M. Mukundan. Like most of Mukundan's works this novel too is based in Mayyazhi better known once as Mahé the French colony after it was decolonised. The story centres around a magician Father Alfonso his daughter Elsee and an Ayurveda Vaidyar Kumaran and his two twin sons and how their life changes after the land is decolonised. The novel bagged the Kendra Sahitya Akademi Award and N. V. Prize.
 Whisper House is the sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Duncan Sheik. It was released on RCA Victor in 2009.
 Souveyrols lake is a lake in Lozère France on the Aubrac plateau. It has a glacial origin. Its surface area is 0.016 km². On his banks grows the spectacular plant named Ligularia sibirica. This boreal species is usually present in Russia and Siberia and is very rare in Western Europe.
 Spring Green Primitive Baptist Church is a historic Primitive Baptist church in Hamilton North Carolina.It was built in 1878 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 Donji Prisjan is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 330 people.
 Byszewy [bɨˈʂɛvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna within Łódź East County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 km (8 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 250.
 Twelve O'clock Knob is a mountain located in southwestern Roanoke County Virginia directly south of Salem Virginia. According to local lore slaves in the western Roanoke Valley noted that the Sun was directly over the mountain roughly around noon local time. In 1995 and 1996 the Tour Du Pont staged a time trial in the Roanoke Valley the highlight of which was a ride over the steep winding Twelve O'clock Knob Road.
 This article is about the novel. For the unrelated 1999 film see Secret of the Andes (film)Secret of the Andes is a children's novel by Ann Nolan Clark. It won the 1953 Newbery Medal.
 Gudipala is a village and a Mandal in Chittoor district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
 Kabahigoth is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3564 persons living in 588 individual households.
 The Veseud River is a tributary of the Pârâul Nou in Romania.
 Donji Dejan is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince Serbia. According to the 2002 census the village has a population of 497 people.
 The Switch is a 1963 British crime drama film directed by Peter Maxwell and starring Anthony Steel Zena Marshall and Conrad Phillips. A criminal gang smuggles watches into the country by hiding them in a petrol tank of a woman's car.
 The Man Behind the Plough is a wide-ranging in-depth and moving study of the endemic problems and tragic suffering of the peasants of the undivided Bengal. In order to go into the roots of these problems the author Sir M.Azizul Haque examines the land system introduced by the Permanent Settlement (1793) contrasts it with what prevailed during the Mughal era and throws light on how the zamindars’ lobby distorted the original intention of the regulations of 1793 with disastrous consequences.
 A Bronx Morning is a 1931 avant-garde film by American filmmaker Jay Leyda (1910–1988).Described as city symphony the eleven-minute European style film recorded a Bronx street in New York City before it is crowded with traffic.
 Ormetica ameoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Butler in 1876. It is found in Ecuador Peru Venezuela and Colombia.
 Happy Birthday to Me is a 1981 slasher film filmed in Canada and directed by J. Lee Thompson written by John C. W. Saxton and starring Melissa Sue Anderson and Glenn Ford. It was released on 15 May 1981 and has since become something of a cult classic among fans of the slasher genre with its bizarre murder methods and twisted climactic revelation.[citation needed]
 John A. Alario Jr. (born September 15 1943) is an American legislator from Westwego in Jefferson Parish Louisiana. He has served in the Louisiana State Legislature since 1972. He was a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1972 to 2008. In 2007 he was elected to the Louisiana State Senate. Alario was Speaker of the House twice. He is currently the President of the Louisiana State Senate.
 Spring Snow (春の雪 Haru no Yuki) is a novel by Yukio Mishima the first in his Sea of Fertility tetralogy. It was published serially in Shinchō from 1965 to 1967 and then in book form in 1969. Mishima did extensive research including visits to Enshō-ji in Nara to prepare for the novel.
 Starija (English: Older Woman) and alternately titled 5 is the sixth studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Stoja. It was released in 2004.
 Kigali City Tower is a mixed use high rise office and retail building located in Kigali the capital of Rwanda. The complex consists of a 20 storey tower the tallest in the country a four-storey commercial centre and a car park block with space divided between leased office space and retail outlets.
 Krzecze [ˈkʂɛt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goniądz within Mońki County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Goniądz 14 km (9 mi) north of Mońki and 50 km (31 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 150.
 Nicholas Nick William Taylor (born November 17 1927 in Bow Island Alberta) is a retired geologist businessman and politician and former Canadian Senator from Alberta Canada.Taylor started his political career by running for the Liberal Party of Canada in the 1968 and 1972 federal elections in Calgary Centre he was defeated both times.Taylor later became leader of the Alberta Liberal Party from 1974 to 1988.
 Frederic Collin Walcott (February 19 1869 – April 27 1949) was a United States Senator from Connecticut.
 Ardak (Persian: اردك‎) is a village in Chuqur Rural District Tarom Sofla District Qazvin County Qazvin Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 376 in 70 families.
 Emmanuel Episcopal Church is a historic church at 3 S. Randolph in San Angelo Texas.It was built in 1929 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 Sir Ronald Keith Davison GBE QC (born 16 November 1920) was the tenth Chief Justice of New Zealand from 1978 to 1989.
 Torikaebaya Monogatari (とりかへばや物語 literally If only I could exchange them! story) translated into English as The Changelings is a Japanese tale from the late Heian period (794 to 1185) by an unknown author or possibly more than one author. It is four volumes in length.It is the tale of two siblings whose mannerisms are those of the opposite sex and their relationships in the Emperor's court. It has been adapted as a novel two different manga series and a Takarazuka Revue play.
 Ken: The Ups and Downs of Ken Livingstone is a 2008 biography of Ken Livingstone by British journalist and author Andrew Hosken. First published on 8 April 2008 the book's provisional title had been Ken: The Fall and Rise of Ken Livingstone.The unauthorised biography based on 30 hours of interviews with Livingstone revealed that he had five children by three different women previously unknown by the general public. The story was broken by the BBC just prior to publication of the book.
 Pittsfield Universalist Church is a historic church on N. Main and Easy Streets in Pittsfield Maine.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Isometrus is a genus of scorpion belonging and being eponymous to the family Buthidae.
 Plagiorhynchidae is a family of parasitic worms.
 Fillan is a village and former municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village is also the municipal center of the present-day municipality of Hitra. It is located on the northeastern shore of Hitra island about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of Ansnes.
 Dobieszewice [dɔbjɛʃɛˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janikowo within Inowrocław County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Janikowo 13 km (8 mi) west of Inowrocław 40 km (25 mi) south of Bydgoszcz and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of Toruń.
 Čedomir Čeda Jovanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Чедомир Чеда Јовановић) (Serbian pronunciation: [tʃědomir tʃěːda joʋǎːnoʋitɕ] About this sound listen ) (born April 13 1971 in Belgrade) is a Serbian politician and businessman. He is the president of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP).
 Stigmatophora strigivenata is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Hampson in 1894. It is found in Burma.
 Highest Duty: My Search for What Really Matters is a memoir written by Chesley Sullenberger and Jeffrey Zaslow (1958-2012) describing the events of US Airways Flight 1549. The New York Times bestselling autobiography of Capt. Chesley “Sully” Sullenberger — the pilot who landed a crippled airplane in New York's Hudson River saving the lives of the flight's 155 passengers — discusses leadership responsibility and service along with his life story.
 Monte Rua is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 416 metres. No one has reported climbing or hiking to Monte Rua summit
 Tamoya ohboya also known as the Bonaire banded box jellyfish is a species of box jellyfish formally described in 2011. In order to name the newly discovered species. Tamoya Ohboya was discovered by a biologist William Guillan.
 I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing is a compilation album by singer and actress Lea Salonga. It was released three years after her multi-platinum selling album Lea Salonga. It earned mixed reviews from critics. The album was a mixture of old and new recordings. One single was released from the album the top ten hit Top of the World. The album went gold after six months of release.
 Hits Greatest Stiffs is a various artists compilation album drawn from ten of the first eleven Stiff Records singles BUY 1 – BUY 11.The tracks follow the numerical order of the singles but feature mostly the b sides although several singles were originally issued as double a-sides. The other sides of the Motörhead and Elvis Costello track had appeared on the previous compilation album A Bunch of Stiff Records.
 Prasanna Ranatunga is the 8th and current Chief Minister of Western Province Sri Lanka. He belongs to the Sri Lanka Freedom Party and part of the United People's Freedom Alliance. He is the brother of former Sri Lanka cricket captain Arjuna Ranatunga.
 Cristobal (foaled February 20 2004) is an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who has raced in France. He is owned by Rancho Santa Fe California businessman Edmund A. Gann best known as the owner of Medaglia d'Oro and Peace Rules as well as the 1988 Japan Cup winner Pay the Butler.Cristobal received his name as did his dam from the fashion designer Cristóbal Balenciaga. The colt was sired by Aptitude out of the mare Balenciaga whose sire Gulch was the 1988 U.S. Champion Sprinter.
 St Michael's Church Bracewell is located in Bracewell Lane Bracewell Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Skipton the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds. Its benefice is united with those of Holy Trinity Barnoldswick and St Mary le Ghyll Barnoldswick. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Todzia [ˈtɔd͡ʑa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło within Ostrołęka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kadzidło 26 km (16 mi) north of Ostrołęka and 123 km (76 mi) north of Warsaw.
 The John Pearson Soda Works also referred to as the Placerville Soda Works is a historic rustic vernacular Victorian brick building in Placerville El Dorado County California. The building in the Gold Country region was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on December 12 1985. The 'Soda Works' currently houses the 'Cozmic Café' coffee shop.
 Circaetinae is a bird of prey subfamily which consists of a group of medium to large broad-winged species. These are mainly birds which specialise in feeding on snakes and other reptiles which is the reason most are named as snake-eagles or serpent-eagles. The only exception is the Bateleur a more generalised hunter. All the subfamily are restricted to warmer parts of the Old World.They have hooked beaks for tearing flesh from their prey strong legs and powerful talons.
 A City in Winter is a novel by Mark Helprin first published in 1996. Though it is considered a children's novel it is mixture of war novel and a satire of bureaucracy telling the story of a 10-year-old queen's quest to regain her throne.
 Blind Spot is a 1947 American mystery thriller film noir directed by Robert Gordon and starring Chester Morris Constance Dowling and Steven Geray.
 The Connley Hills are a mountain range in Lake County Oregon.
 The Trial of Donald Westhof (German:Der Kampf des Donald Westhof) is a 1927 German silent crime film directed by Fritz Wendhausen and starring Oskar Homolka Karin Evans and Imre Ráday. The film's art direction was by Robert Neppach.
 Civil War: Front Line is an 11-issue limited series tie-in to Marvel Comics's Civil War event which started in August 2006.Part of the story is told from the perspective of two reporters embedded in the opposite camps of the war. Ben Urich follows the stories on Iron Man's side with the pro-registration heroes while Sally Floyd investigates the anti-registration faction headed by Captain America.
 The Oka (Russian: Ока Buryat: Аха) is a river in Siberia left tributary of the Angara River. It originates in the Sayan Mountains in western Buryatia and flows through Irkutsk Oblast. It flows for 630 km (391 mi) into the Bratsk reservoir.
 The Punisher War Zone is a comic book spin-off series featuring the Punisher a fictional character published by Marvel Comics.The first installment of the series ran for 41 issues with two 64-page annuals. Multiple writers contributed to this series during its three-year run from 1992 to 1995. The series served mainly as a vehicle for longtime Marvel artist John Romita Jr. who had returned to Marvel after a lengthy hiatus from drawing a monthly title.
 The Portsmouth Earthworks are a large prehistoric mound complex constructed by the Ohio Hopewell culture mound builder indigenous peoples of eastern North America (100 BCE to 500 CE). The site was one of the largest earthwork ceremonial centers constructed by the Hopewell and is located at the confluence of the Scioto and Ohio Rivers in present day Ohio. The majority of the mound complex site is now covered by the city of Portsmouth in Scioto County Ohio.
 Zoltán Mádi (born March 23 1961) is a Hungarian politician who served as Mayor of Nyíregyháza between 1990 and 1994. He also functioned as managing director of the Comedy Theatre of Budapest since 2004. His younger brother is László Mádi a former Member of Parliament.
 The Maze is the fifth studio album by guitarist Vinnie Moore released on March 23 1999 through Shrapnel Records. On some import versions of the album the final two tracks In the Healing Garden and Fear and Trepidation are printed in reverse order on the back cover.[1]
 Gay Street is a street in Knoxville Tennessee United States that traverses the heart of the city's downtown area. Since its development in the 1790s Gay Street has served as the city's principal financial and commercial thoroughfare and has played a primary role in the city's historical and cultural development. The street contains Knoxville's largest office buildings and oldest commercial structures.
 Gerardo Molina Ramírez (August 6 1906 - March 29 1991) was a Colombian Congressman who served in both chambers a lawyer and professor who was dean of the National University of Colombia and of the Free University of Colombia. Molina finished fourth in the Colombian presidential election 1982 and received 82858 votes. He belonged to Unidad Democrática de la Izquierda.
 Coleophora sergiella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in France Spain the Czech Republic Austria Slovakia and Hungary but also in Mongolia.The larvae feed on the leaves of Potentilla cinerea var. velutina and possibly Artemisia frigida.
 Longin Hieronim Pastusiak (pronounced [ˈlɔnɡin pasˈtuɕak]; born August 22 1935 in Łódź Poland) is a Polish politician and historian.
 Basvaraj Patil Sedam (born 10 February 1944) is a Member of Rajya Sabha from Karnataka. He was the Secretary of Bharatiya Janata Party and president of the Bharatiya Janata Party Karnataka unit. He was elected as a member of the 12th Lok Sabha from Gulbarga.
 The Hardin County Courthouse located in Eldora Iowa United States was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 2 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Naked Prey is a 1966 adventure film starring Cornel Wilde who also served as director and producer which was released by Paramount Pictures. Set in the South African veldt the film is a wilderness survival story loosely based on the experiences of explorer John Colter who was pursued by Blackfoot warriors through frontier Wyoming in 1809. The screenplay earned Clint Johnson and Don Peters an Academy Award nomination.
 Hodgens' Waterhen (Gallinula hodgenorum) is an extinct rail species from New Zealand. Its name commedorates the Hodgen brothers who were owners of the Pyramid Valley swamp where the holotype was discovered. It reached a weight of 280 g and its wings were so reduced that it was unable to fly. It occupied a wide range of habitats including open forest and grassland along riverbanks.
 Radziszewo Stare [rad͡ʑiˈʂɛvɔ ˈstarɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec within Wysokie Mazowieckie County Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Ciechanowiec 29 km (18 mi) south of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 63 km (39 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.The village has a population of 63.
 Berosus is a genus of hydrophilid beetle.
 E. M. Perera was the 36th Surveyor General of Sri Lanka. He was appointed in 1991 succeeding S. T. Herat and held the office until 1991. He was succeeded by Thamotharam Somasekaram.
 Bart Got a Room is a 2008 comedy film written and directed by Brian Hecker and stars Steven Kaplan Alia Shawkat William H. Macy and Cheryl Hines. Also appearing in the film are Ashley Benson Brandon Hardesty Kate Micucci Jennifer Tilly Dinah Manoff and Chad Jamian Williams as Bart. The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 25 2008. It had a limited US release in select theaters on April 3 2009 and was released on DVD on July 28 2009.
 Agyrta pulchriformis is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Venezuela.
 Acalyptris limonii is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found along the coasts of Adriatic Ionian and Aegean Seas where it has been recorded from Croatia and Greece.The wingspan is 4.1-4.8 mm.The larvae feed on Limonium vulgare. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a gallery starting much contorted often spirally but later becoming a full-depth mine with narrow broken frass running more-or-less straight through the leaf.
 The coastal cutthroat trout (Oncorhynchus clarki clarki) also known as the sea run cutthroat or harvest trout is one of 14 subspecies of cutthroat trout found in Western North America. The coastal cutthroat trout occurs in four distinct forms. A semi-anadromous or sea-run form is the most well known. Freshwater forms occur in both large and small rivers and streams and lake environments.
 Acalyptris kizilkumi is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It was described by Falkovitsh in 1986. It is known from Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
 Anne Devlin is a 1984 Irish drama film directed by Pat Murphy. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival.
 A Way Out of the Wilderness is a 1968 American short documentary film produced by Dan E. Weisburd. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Palu River (indon. Sungai Palu) is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia. 41 % of the basin area is covered by the protected tropical montane forest of the Lore Lindu National Park.
 Kushk-e Khaleseh-ye Bala (Persian: كوشك خالصه بالا‎ also Romanized as Kūshk-e Khāleşeh-ye Bālā and Kūshk-e Khāleseh Bālā; also known as Kūshk-e Bālā) is a village in Lajran Rural District in the Central District of Garmsar County Semnan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 692 in 200 families.
 Novosti Uzbekistana (News of Uzbekistan in English) is a Russian-language newspaper published in Uzbekistan. It is one of the privately owned dailies in the country.
 Donna M. Walsh (born 1943) is an American politician who is a Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing the 36th District since elected 7 Nov 2006. She currently serves on the House Committee on Corporations and the House Committee on Environment and Natural Resources.
 Novi Žednik (Serbian Cyrillic: Нови Жедник) is a village located in the Subotica municipality in the North Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the autonomous province of Vojvodina. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 2848 people (2002 census).
 The Illioneus Giant Owl (Caligo illioneus) is an owl butterfly belonging to the nymphalid family Morphinae subfamily tribe Brassolini.
 Arroyo Seco is an 11.7-mile-long (18.8 km) watercourse in Alameda County California that traverses through the city of Livermore. Arroyo Seco means dry stream in Spanish. Arroyo Seco lies above the Arroyo Seco watershed which includes the eastern part of the city of Livermore and also the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. The Mocho Subbasin is the largest of the subbasins in the Livermore Valley watershed.
 Loxolexis hollandi Holland’s Scarce Sprite is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. It is found in Liberia Ivory Coast Ghana Nigeria Cameroon Angola the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia. The habitat consists of wetter forests.The larvae feed on Strophanthus sarmentosus.
 ...that great October sound is the first album released by the Norwegian singer/songwriter Thomas Dybdahl.
 Pete DeFazio served as Allegheny County Sheriff from 1997 until 2006.[1]
 La comadrita (The Child's Godmother) is a 1975 Mexican film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring María Elena Velasco Fernando Soler and Sara García. The film is about an indigenous woman who baptizes nearly all the animals on the day of the blessing of animals in the town. That is why she is nicknamed La comadrita for being the godmother of the townspeoples' animals.
 Batsu to Maru to Tsumi to (Xと○と罪と Wrong and Right and Crimes and) is the sixth studio album by Japanese rock band Radwimps. It was released in December 11 2013. The album was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ).
 Catastrophe: Risk and Response is a 2004 nonfiction book by Judge Richard Posner that advocates the use of a cost-benefit framework to address potential major disasters such as runaway global warming and planet-obliterating asteroids.
 Akhire Akhire is a 2013 Oriya romance drama comedy film produced by Sitaram Agrawal. The film features Babushan and Jhilik in the lead roles.
 The General Encyclopedia of the Yugoslav Lexicographical Institute (Croatian: Opća enciklopedija Jugoslavenskog leksikografskog zavoda) is a general encyclopedia published in eight volumes by the Yugoslav Lexicographical Institute in Zagreb between 1977 and 1982. It was the third edition of the encyclopedia with the first two editions being published under the name Enciklopedija leksikografskog zavoda (English: Encyclopedia of the Lexicographical Institute).
 Sobno [ˈsɔbnɔ] (German: Sooben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta within Ostróda County Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Łukta 20 km (12 mi) north-east of Ostróda and 27 km (17 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.The village has a population of 30.
 Def Jux Teaser 2005 is a compilation album that served as a sample of what was to come from the independent hip hop label Definitive Jux for the year 2005.
 Muscina prolapsa is a species of fly from the family Muscidae.
 The Venetial Betrayal is Steve Berry's sixth novel and is the third to feature the former U.S. Justice Department operative turn Antiquarian book dealer Cotton Malone.
 The Turanganui River is a river in the Wellington Region. It flows through the south Wairarapa from its source in the Aorangi Range to reach the Ruamahanga River shortly before the latter's outflow into Palliser Bay.
 Randiana or Excitable Tales is a pornographic novel published by William Lazenby in 1884. The book depicts a variety of sexual activities including incest defloration and lesbianism.
 House by the River is a 1950 Gothic film noir directed by Fritz Lang and starring Louis Hayward Jane Wyatt Lee Bowman and Dorothy Patrick.
 White Line (2003) is an album by Memorain.
 Teinoptera gafsana is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found from Morocco through all north-western Africa to Libya. It is also found in the central Arabian deserts Iraq and Israel.Adults are on wing from February to April. There is one generation per year.
 The Patrani River is a tributary of the Ismar River in Romania.
 Saints and Soldiers: Airborne Creed is a 2012 war film set during the invasion of Southern France in World War II. It was directed by Ryan Little written by Lamont Gray and Lincoln Hoppe and starring Corbin Allred David Nibley and Jasen Wade. The film's story has no relation to the events or characters portrayed in the 2003 war film Saints and Soldiers although both films feature actor Corbin Allred and share a director.
 Zawisty-Wity [zaˈvistɨ ˈvitɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki within Ostrów Mazowiecka County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.
 Forest Flower (9 February 1984 – 10 February 2011) was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. In a racing career which lasted from May 1986 until July 1987 she won five of her eight races. She was the outstanding European two-year-old filly of 1986 when she won the Queen Mary Stakes Cherry Hinton Stakes and Mill Reef Stakes before being controversially disqualified after finishing first in the Cheveley Park Stakes.
 Robert Meza is an American politician from Phoenix Arizona who has served as a member of the Arizona State Senate since January 2011.A Democrat he represents the reliably Democratic 14th district which covers parts of central and west Phoenix. He was first elected in 2002 and won re-election in 2004 2006 and 2008.
 Sunday River is a 14.1-mile-long (22.7 km) river in Oxford County Maine in the United States. It is a tributary of the Androscoggin River which flows east and south to join the Kennebec River in Merrymeeting Bay near the Atlantic Ocean.Sunday River flows from headwaters near Mount Carlo in the Mahoosuc Range.
 Cosmopterix ganymedes is a moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is known from Argentina (Salta) and Brazil (Goias).Adults were collected in April and May.
 Aaron Ayers (1836 – 16 September 1900) arrived in Christchurch New Zealand from England as a newly married man in his mid 20s. He was a hairdresser and tobacconist for two decades before entering the auctioneering business. He was elected Mayor of Christchurch in 1885 unopposed and was re-elected a year later in the most keenly contested mayoral election thus far narrowly beating Charles Louisson. He retired after his second term as mayor.
 Pashed (Persian: پشد‎; also known as Pashed Nīlāzh) is a village in Shanderman Rural District Shanderman District Masal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 189 in 49 families.
 Gray Matters is a 2006 romantic comedy film directed by Sue Kramer starring Heather Graham Tom Cavanagh and Bridget Moynahan. It premiered on October 21 2006 at the Hamptons International Film Festival and had a United States limited theatrical release on February 23 2007.
 Barnacle Bill is a 40-centimetre (16 in) rock on Mars in Ares Vallis. It was the first rock on Mars analyzed by the Sojourner rover using its Alpha Proton X-ray Spectrometer.
 Aniwa is a village in Shawano County Wisconsin United States. The population was 260 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Aniwa. U.S. Route 45 runs north-south through the village.
 Ariusia conspersa is a species of praying mantis in the genus Ariusia in the family Tarachodidae.
 Garga is a genus of skippers (butterfly) in the family Hesperiidae.
 Winter Light (Swedish: Nattvardsgästerna literally The Communicants) is a 1962 Swedish drama film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Bergman regulars Gunnar Björnstrand Ingrid Thulin and Max von Sydow. The film follows Tomas Ericsson (Björnstrand) pastor of a small rural Swedish church as he deals with existential crisis and his Christianity.Bergman cited Winter Light as his favorite among his films.
 Quashed (foaled 1932) was a British-bred and British-trained racehorse winner of the Epsom Oaks in 1935.For many years the Verdict family was not accepted into the British Stud Book because Quashed's dam was effectively a half-bred and it was not until the 1960s era of the July Cup winner Lucasland that the family's merit persuaded the authorities to review their opinion about its eligibility.
 Retaliate is the debut album of American deathgrind band Misery Index.Demand the Impossible was previously recorded and released on the split with Structure of Lies.
 Edna Lake is an alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 17 miles (27 km) southwest of Stanley and 14.5 miles (23.3 km) southeast of Grandjean.
 Too Many Wives is a 1937 film. It lost $35000.
 The Rio Grande Sun is a weekly newspaper located in Española New Mexico.In 2012 the newspaper was the focus of a documentary film titled The Sun Never Sets. The film was produced and directed by Ben Daitz and narrated by Bob Edwards.
 Menuet za kitaro is a novel by Slovenian author Vitomil Zupan. It was first published in 1975.
 The Knife is the self-titled debut album by Swedish electronic music duo The Knife released on 5 February 2001 by Rabid Records. The album's recordings started early in the summer of 1999 in a cottage on the Swedish island of Tjörn.
 Stunts Blunts and Hip Hop is the debut album from hip hop producer-emcee Diamond D released in 1992. The album features some of the earliest appearances from Diamond's later D.I.T.C. partners Big L and Fat Joe as well as his crew the Psychotic Neurotics. Although Diamond D handles the majority of the album's production other popular beat makers such as Large Professor Q-Tip Jazzy Jay Showbiz and DJ Mark the 45 King co-produce on several tracks.
 The Kunming catfish Silurus mento is a species of fish in the Siluridae family. It is endemic to China where it occurs in Dian Chi Lake. This species grows to a length of 21.5 centimetres (8.5 in) TL.
 Eelattu Poothanthevanar was one of the earliest known classical Tamil poets. His poems were included in the Tamil sangam or Cankam poetry anthologies compiled in Tamilakam before 250 AD.
 Köprücü Hopa is a village in the District of Hopa Artvin Province Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 685 people.
 Salmo ciscaucasicus is a salmonid fish in the genus Salmo. It was described by Evgenie Alekseevna Dorofeeva in 1967 originally as a subspecies of Salmo trutta. It is a subtropical salmon which is known from Eurasia. It is known to dwell at a maximum depth of 50 metres. Males can reach a maximum standard length of 130 centimetres.
 Albinaria caerulea is a species of air-breathing rock-dwelling clausiliidae land snail a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae the door snails. Albinaria caerulea lives like most Albinaria species on limestone substrates in semi-arid habitats and aestivates on limestone rock-surfaces covered by lichens algae and mosses.The Albinaria caerulea has a medium sized shell which is smooth and white. It measures up to 16 mm tall.
 Seems Like Old Times is a 1980 comedy film starring Chevy Chase Goldie Hawn and Charles Grodin directed by Jay Sandrich with Neil Simon as screenwriter.After Nick Gardenia (Chase) is forced to rob a bank and becomes a fugitive he seeks help from his ex-wife Glenda Parks (Hawn) a public defender.
 Lyudmila Aleksandrovna Putina (Russian: Людми́ла Алекса́ндровна Пу́тина pronounced [lʲʊdˈmʲilə ɐlʲɪkˈsandrəvnə pʊˈtʲinə] Lyudmila Aleksandrovna Putina née Shkrebneva Шкребнева; born 6 January 1958) is the ex-wife of the Russian President and former Prime Minister Vladimir Putin.
 Ponguleti Sudhakar Reddy is an Indian politician belonging to Indian National Congress. He is a Member of Legislative Council in Andhra Pradesh and Secretary All India Congress Committee.
 St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr's Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in South Deerfield Massachusetts United States. Founded 1908. It was one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.Thought the Parish closed in 2009 a new parish was created by the name of Holy Family Parish South Deerfield
 Blackjack Mountain is 17 miles (27 km) long mountain ridge trending from northeast to southwest in Pushmataha County Oklahoma. The highest peak has an elevation of 1250 feet (380 m). The town of Rattan is south of Blackjack.
 Wolves is the second full length release album by Washington duo Idiot Pilot. It was produced by Ross Robinson(At The Drive-In Glassjaw) and Mark Hoppus (singer and bassist of +44 and Blink 182). The third track Retina and the Sky was also featured on the soundtrack of Michael Bay's film Transformers. The album had a delayed release first digitally on August 20 2007 and physically October 2 2007.
 The Château de Langoiran is located in the district of Bordeaux in Gironde in Langoiran Aquitaine France. The donjon of the castle (fortified central tower) is one of the largest in France. It overlooks the Garonne Valley and offers a good view for visitors. It has been listed as a French Monument Historique since May 1892.
 Excursion to the Moon (French: Excursion dans la lune) is a 1908 French silent film directed by Segundo de Chomón. The production was supervised by Ferdinand Zecca designed by V. Lorant-Heilbronn and released by Pathé Frères.
 The Pale-bellied Mourner (Rhytipterna immunda) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.It is found in Brazil Colombia French Guiana Suriname and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
 Mount Arif (Hebrew: הר חריף) is a mountain at an altitude of 1012 meters located in the Negev desert in southern Israel.The mountain is located in the central part of the Negev desert about 85 kilometers southwest of the city of Beersheba 112 kilometers northwest of the city of Eilat at the border with Egypt. The mountain is the second highest peak in the Negev desert after the peak of Mount Ramon.
 Hotel Meliá (also known as the Hotel Meliá de Ponce) is a historic colonial style family owned and operated hotel located in the Ponce Historic Zone in Ponce Puerto Rico. It is the oldest continuously operating hotel in Puerto Rico. Hotel Meliá which was founded over 60 years before the much larger Meliá Hotels International chain opened its first lodging facility bears no relation to the multi-hotel chain headquartered in Spain.
 I was Dora Suarez (published in 1990) is a detective novel by Derek Raymond.
 Sar Asiab-e Landeh (Persian: سراسياب لنده‎ also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb-e Landeh; also known as Sar Āsīāb) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District in the Central District of Landeh County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 1007 in 187 families.
 Salah Asuhan (literally Wrong Upbringing released internationally as The Misfit) is a 1972 film directed by Asrul Sani produced by Andy Azhar and starring Dicky Zulkarnaen Ruth Pelupessy and Rima Melati.
 Ae Jugara Krushna Sudama is a 2003 Oriya-language film directed by Hara Patnaik starring Mithun Chakraborty and Uttam Mohanty. It is a remake of Hindi-language film Khudgarz.
 William A. Bill Halter (born November 30 1960) was the 14th Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas. A member of the Democratic Party he was elected to succeed the late Republican Winthrop Paul Rockefeller in 2006 defeating Republican challenger Jim Holt by a margin of 57%–43%.Before his election as lieutenant governor Halter served as the Deputy Commissioner (1999–2001) and Acting Commissioner (2001) of the Social Security Administration.
 Shanbally (Irish: An Seanbhaile meaning the old town/homestead) is a small village located in south east County Cork on the N28 road. Shanbally includes a Catholic church a primary school a pub a shop and a GAA club. The village is located close to Ringaskiddy Monkstown and Carrigaline.The village church is the Catholic Church of the Immaculate Heart of Mary.
 Glamour Gal is a 1945 propaganda film documentary film about the eponymous large artillery gun and the ten Marines who work her a team of eleven.
 The South Dakota State Penitentiary is a state prison located in South Dakota's largest city Sioux Falls and holds the state's most deadly and dangerous criminals as well as sex offenders. It was built in 1881. The building's industry shop makes several things for the state including woodwork and license plates. The State Penitentiary also houses South Dakota's death row and the state's only execution chamber.
 The Department of Taxes and Attorney General's Chambers Building (sometimes shortened to Attorney General's Chambers Building) is currently the tallest building in Botswana and one of the most expensive buildings built in Africa. The building located in the Government Enclave on Nelson Mandela Drive in Gaborone is home to the Botswana Department of Taxes and the Attorney General's Chambers.
 Roadside Ambanis (English: Roadside Entrepreneurs) is an Indian live action short film. The film's run time is approximately 19 minutes. It was written and directed by first-timer Kamal Sethu and produced by Grape Pictures.
 Bala Gau Kashi Angai is a Marathi movie released on 4 April 1977. The movie has been produced by M.S.Salvi and directed by Kamlakar Torne. The plot is based on love sacrifice and the extent one would go to for a friend.
 Chirodipterus australis is an extinct species of lungfish which lived during the Devonian period. Fossils have been found in Australia.
 Uppercase Magazine is a quarterly craft fashion illustration and design journal published by Janine Vangool in Calgary Alberta. The first issue was released in June 2009 and included articles about the history of the screw Heini Koskinen’s fashion design Blanca Gomez's illustrations and Karyn Valino's Toronto crafting business The Workroom.
 Akwas by Mike Roy is a Sunday only adventure comic strip which ran from June 14 1964 to March 28 1965 and was syndicated through 1972. It featured the Native American character Akwas in realistic historical adventures set before Christopher Columbus' voyage to the Americas. The best format is the half page; the strip is also found in a third of a page and tabloid formats which drop one or more panels.
 Oreonectes retrodorsalis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Oreonectes.
 Roots Of Style is Toshinori Yonekura's 12th original studio album. The album was recorded in New York with producer Prince Charles Alexander.
 Little Hands Clapping is a novel by British author Dan Rhodes published in 2010 by Canongate. Its title comes from a line in Robert Browning's poem The Pied Piper of Hamelin.
 Ostrich Churchyard is an album by Orange Juice released on CD in 1992. Tracks 1 to 12 were recorded live at the Hellfire Club Glasgow on 17th May 1981. The remaining tracks were from a John Peel session recording of October 1980.
 Ranko Ostojić (born 3 October 1962) is a Croatian politician. He is a member of the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Croatia (SDP) and serves as Interior Minister in the Cabinet of Zoran Milanović since December 2011.Ostojić graduated from the University of Split's Faculty of Law in 1988. He held various positions in Split-based companies and became involved in politics in 1990 when he joined SDP.
 Love Is Always Seventeen is the sixth solo album by David Gates of Bread. It came after a 13 year break from recording.
 Death Rite (French: ''Les Magiciens'') is a 1976 film co-written and directed by Claude Chabrol.
 The Distant Land (German: Das weite Land) is a 1987 Austrian-German drama film directed by Luc Bondy. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ongwe Zayat is a village in Mingin Township Kale District in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
 Jaydia is a genus of cardinalfishes native to the western Pacific Ocean.
 Alexey Vladimirovich Kravtsov (Russian: Алексе́й Влади́мирович Кравцо́в; born 28 July 1978) is a Russian jurist the president of the Moscow Court of Arbitration and a member of the Expert Council of the State Duma of the Russian Federation. He is considered to be one of the founders of the current arbitration court system in Russia.
 The Wollemi Creek a partly perennial stream of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Central Tablelands and Blue Mountains regions of New South Wales Australia.
 Les Raisins de La Mort (English title: The Grapes of Death) is a 1978 French horror film directed by Jean Rollin. It centres on a young woman who becomes trapped in a village where a dangerous pesticide has turned the residents into zombies.
 222 Second Street is a 370-foot (110 m) office skyscraper under construction in the South of Market District of San Francisco California. Developed by Tishman Speyer and designed by Thomas Phifer the high rise will provide 450209 square feet (41825.8 m2) of office space and 2209 square feet (205.2 m2) of ground floor retail at the southern corner of Second and Howard Streets. Construction began in August 2013.
 Wendell O. Erickson (born June 17 1925 in Isanti County Minnesota) was a Minnesota politician and is a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from southwestern Minnesota.
 Mazraeh-ye Aruj Ali (Persian: مزرعه اروجعلي‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ārūj ʿAlī) is a village in Palangabad Rural District Palangabad District Eshtehard County Alborz Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Hungry is an album of worship songs from Vineyard Music Group. It was recorded live in London England and produced by Brian Doerksen and Nigel Hemming. This particular album is copyrighted by Vineyard Songs (UK/Éire) which would indicate that this came from the UK Vineyard Group.This album was originally released as Hungry in 1999 by Vineyard Music UK Ltd. The album achieved platinum status in this incarnation.
 Neanderthal Museum is a museum in Mettmann Germany. Located at the site of the first Neanderthal man discovery in the Neandertal it features an exhibit centered on human evolution. The museum was constructed in 1996 to a design by architect Arno Brandlhuber and draws about 170000 visitors per year. The museum also includes an archaeological park on the original discovery site a Stone Age workshop as well as an art trail named human traces.
 Anchored in Love: Their Complete Victor Recordings (1927–1928) is a compilation of recordings made by American country music group the Carter Family released in 1993. It is the first of nine compilations released by Rounder Records of the group's Victor recordings.
 San Vicente Reservoir is a reservoir created by the San Vicente Dam in San Diego County California approximately 7 km north of Lakeside off of California State Route 67.
 Cathleen ni Houlihan is a one-act play written by William Butler Yeats and Lady Gregory in 1902. It was first performed on 2 April of that year and first published in the October number of Samhain. The play centers on the 1798 Rebellion. The play is startlingly nationalistic encouraging in its last pages that young men sacrifice their lives for the heroine Cathleen ni Houlihan who represents an independent and separate Irish state.
 The Good Shepherd (1955) is a nautical and war novel by C.S. Forester best known as the creator of fictional Royal Navy officer Horatio Hornblower.
 Motel Hell is a 1980 horror comedy film directed by Kevin Connor and starring Rory Calhoun as farmer butcher and meat entrepreneur Vincent Smith. It is often seen as a satire of modern horror films such as Psycho and The Texas Chain Saw Massacre.Because of its low budget nature the original intent was to make a serious horror film with moments of disturbing wit and irony.
 The Persecutor also known as Forgive Me Natasha and less commonly as Sergei is the autobiography of Sergei Kourdakov a former KGB agent who persecuted Christians in the Soviet Union in the 1970s but defected to Canada in 1971 and converted to Evangelical Christianity. The book was finished shortly before his death in January 1973 and published posthumously.It was published in English then translated to at least fourteen languages including German Spanish French Russian and Dutch.
 Robert Wilson Kennerly retired Yuma politician and community leader served on the Yuma City Council from 1962 to 1966 as Chairman of the Yuma County Board of Supervisors from 1976 to 1984 and on the Arizona Board of Pardons and Parole from 1984 to 1989.
 La polizia accusa: il Servizio Segreto uccide (internationally released as Chopper Squad and Silent Action) is a 1975 Italian poliziottesco-crime film directed by Sergio Martino.The film's plot alludes to the Golpe Borghese a failed Italian 1970 coup d'état.
 Robert Anderst (born in Pocatello Idaho) is a Republican Idaho State Representative since 2012 representing District 12 in the A seat.
 Harayir (foaled 22 March 1992) was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. In a racing career which lasted from June 1994 to October 1995 she ran thirteen times and won six races. As a two-year-old she won two races including the Group Two Lowther Stakes at York.
 Mark A. Kuhn (born September 10 1950 in Charles City Iowa) is the Iowa State Representative from the 14th District. He has served in the Iowa House of Representatives since 1998.Kuhn currently serves on several committees in the Iowa House: the Agriculture committee; the Environmental Protection committee; Rebuild Iowa/Disaster Recovery Committee; the Public Safety committee; and the Appropriations committee where he is the vice chair.
 Jaclyn Tsai or Tsai Yu-ling (Chinese: 蔡玉玲; pinyin: Cài Yùlíng) is a politician in the Republic of China. She currently serves as the Minister of the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission (MTAC) of the Executive Yuan since November 2013.
 A Boy in a Man's World is the second studio album by Mucky Pup. The album was recorded at Nevessa Productions and released in 1988 through Torrid Records and Roadrunner Records. The album features a re-recorded version of U-Stink-But-I-♥-U which the band had previously won a Bloom County songwriting contest with. The band would also shoot their first music video for this song.
 Crypsiptya is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
 Pain de Sucre (literally: sugar loaf) is a little mountain located on Terre-de-Haut Island on the archipelago of Îles des Saintes with the height of 53 metres (173.88 feet). It is a peninsula between two beaches called Petite Anse du Pain de sucre and Anse Devant.Pain de Sucre is constituated by an alignment of basalt columns plunging into the blue waters of the bay of les Saintes.The organ pipes of this mountain are a spectacular geologic curiosity and a famous tourist spot of the archipelago.
 Celso Lafer born August 7 1941 is a Brazilian jurist full professor of Philosophy of Law at University of São Paulo twice former foreign minister and a former commerce minister.
 Shad-e Molk Barreh (Persian: شادملك بره‎ also Romanized as Shād-e Molk Barreh; also known as Shāh-e Molk Barreh and Shāh Molkbar) is a village in Deylaman Rural District Deylaman District Siahkal County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 La Leyenda de la Nahuala is a 2007 Mexican animated horror comedy film released in theaters on October 31 2007 in Mexico. It was the sixth animated feature film in Mexico to be released and the first to be exhibited in DTS. The film was also a box-office success on its opening weekend.
 Pferdskopf is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 You Gotta Go There to Come Back is the fourth studio album by alternative rock band Stereophonics. Produced by Kelly Jones and released on V2 in 2003. It became their third consecutive album to top the UK chart selling 101946 copies in its first week. It was the final Stereophonics album with long-time original drummer the late Stuart Cable.
 Chairs Missing is the second studio album by English rock band Wire. It was released in August 1978. The album peaked at N°48 in the Uk albums chart.Although it features some of the minimalist punk rock of the band's debut Pink Flag it features more developed song structure (taking some cues from '70s prog-rock psychedelia and art rock) keyboard and synthesizer elements brought in by producer Mike Thorne and a broader palette of emotional and intellectual subject matter.
 Escarpment Blues is a Canadian concert and documentary film starring singer-songwriter Sarah Harmer. Directed by Andy Keen and produced by Keen Harmer and Patrick Sambrook it was released theatrically in 2006.In June 2005 Harmer launched a tour called I Love the Escarpment across southern Ontario to promote Protecting Escarpment Rural Land (PERL) a conservation group she cofounded to battle a proposed quarry development on the Niagara Escarpment near her hometown of Burlington.
 William Philip Schreiner (30 August 1857 – 28 June 1919) was a barrister politician statesman and Prime Minister of the Cape Colony during the Second Boer War.
 Serrataginella is a genus of sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Marginellidae the margin snails.Serrataginella is now a synonym of Serrata.
 Pierre Gélinas (14 August 1818 – 3 April 1911) was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.He was defeated as a Conservative candidate in Richelieu electoral district for the House of Commons in the first Canadian federal election in 1867. He was elected as a Conservative to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec in an 1869 by-election in Richelieu but did not run for re-election in 1871.
 95 Miles to Go is a 2004 comedy film which documents Ray Romano's stand-up comedy tour of the South. It was directed by Tom Caltabiano. The film premiered at the Deep Ellum Film Festival in October 2004 and released theatrically in the United Statesin April 2006 by THINKFilm. It premiered on HBO on July 10 2007.The DVD of the film was released on May 22 2012 by Video Services Corporation a film distribution company located in Toronto Canada.
 The Vâlcelul Înflorit River is a tributary of the Valea Morarului River in Romania.
 Jean Kennedy McFarlane Baroness McFarlane of Llandaff FRCN MCSP (1 April 1926 – 13 May 2012) was a British nurse and member of the House of Lords.
 Quelossim ( Konkani: केळशी ) is a village in Salcette Taluk South Goa India. This village was known asKardalipura in ancient times and had a temple dedicated to the mother-goddess Shantadurga which was shifted to Kavale when the Portuguese demolished the shrine as a part of the inquisition. Prior to the Portuguese-era Quelossim was a center of the Goud Saraswat Brahmins in Goa. The famous Konkani poet Krishnadas Shama hailed from this village.
 Acteonella is a genus of extinct sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the extinct family Acteonellidae.The genus is known from the Cretaceous period.
 Portrait of an Assassin is a 1949 French film starring Maria Montez.
 The Valea Grădinilor River is a tributary of the Vâna Mare River in Romania.
 José Serra (Portuguese pronunciation: [ʒuˈzɛ ˈsɛʁɐ]; born March 19 1942) is a Brazilian politician who served as a Congressman Senator Minister of Planning and Minister of Health Mayor of São Paulo and Governor of São Paulo state.
 A Forest Apart is a 2003 Star Wars ebook written by Troy Denning. The novel is set before Tatooine Ghost in the Star Wars Expanded Universe timeline.The novel is also available as part of the Tatooine Ghost paperback (ISBN 0-345-45669-6).In the novel Lumpawarrump heads to Coruscant to spend time with his father Chewbacca. The story evolves around the Wookiees' adventure there and Chewbacca dealing with Lumpawarrump's disobedience.
 Renzo de' Vidovich (born February 27 1934) is an Italian politicianhistorian and journalist.
 Stigmella trisyllaba is a moth of the Nepticulidae family. It is found in Kazakhstan Tadzhikistan and Kirgiziya.The larvae feed on Rosa species.
 Les Hussards (English: Cavalrymen) is a French comedy film from 1955 directed by Alex Joffé written by Gabriel Arout starring Bernard Blier and Louis de Funès. The film is known under the titles Cavalrymen (international English title) Les hussards (Belgium French title) De husaren (Belgium Flemish title) La piccola guerra (Italy) Huszárok (Hungary).
 Atlantida (French: L'Atlantide) is a French novel by Pierre Benoit published in February 1919. It was translated into English in 1920 as Atlantida. L'Atlantide was Benoit's second novel following Koenigsmark and it won the Grand Prize of the French Academy. The English translation of Atlantida was first published in the United States as a serial in Adventure magazine.The story inspired many films.
 Turkey Time is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Tom Walls and starring Walls Ralph Lynn Robertson Hare and Dorothy Hyson. A group of guests come to stay with the Stoatt family in the seaside town of Eden Bay for Christmas. They soon become involved with an impoverished concert performer whose innocent presence in the house leads to a series of misunderstandings. It was adapted from the 1931 play Turkey Time by Ben Travers one of the Aldwych Farces.
 Corporate Pollution is the third album by Irish alternative rock band Paradox released on March 15 2011.
 Iridopelma is a spider genus in the Theraphosidae familia native to Brazil.
 Dowlatabad (Persian: دولت اباد‎ also Romanized as Dowlatābād and Daulatābād) is a village in Tajan Rural District in the Central District of Sarakhs County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 520 in 109 families.
 Saidabad (Persian: سعيداباد‎ also Romanized as Saʿīdābād) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District in the Central District of Natanz County Isfahan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its existence was noted but its population was not reported.
 Mattie McGrath (born 1 September 1958) is an Irish politician. He is a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Tipperary South constituency. He was elected as a Fianna Fáil TD at the 2007 general election.
 David Copperfield is a 1911 American silent short drama film based on the 1850 novel of the same name by Charles Dickens. It is the oldest known film adaptation of the novel.
 Metalopha liturata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is widespread but local in the Near East and Middle East from the Levant area to the western Himalayas (Turkey Iran Turkmenistan Afghanistan Iraq Syria Jordan and Israel).Adults are on wing from March to May. There is one generation per year.
 Gdaniec [ˈɡdaɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzmiąca within Szczecinek County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) north-west of Szczecinek and 133 km (83 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.The village has a population of 100.
 John Wayne Catlett is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Arkansas House of Representatives representing District 73 since January 14 2013. Catlett served consecutively from January 2011 until January 14 2013 in the District 61 seat.
 John Winthrop the Younger (12 February 1606 – 6 April 1676) was governor of Connecticut.
 Philosophy: Who Needs It is a posthumous collection of essays by Ayn Rand published in 1982 that deal with philosophy. It was the last book Rand worked on during her lifetime.
 The Sunda Woodpecker (Dendrocopos moluccensis) also known as the Sunda Woodpecker is a species of bird in the Picidae family. It is found in Brunei Indonesia Malaysia and Singapore.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
 The current Cannock Extension Canal is a 1.8-mile (2.9 km) canal in England. It runs from Pelsall Junction on the Wyrley and Essington Canal north to Norton Canes Docks and forms part of the Birmingham Canal Navigations. Historically it ran to Hednesford and served a number of collieries which provided the main traffic. It opened in 1863 and the northern section closed in 1963 as a result of mining subsidence.
 Roger Fry: A Biography is a biography of Roger Fry written by Virginia Woolf.
 Grendel is a long-running series of comic books originally created by American author Matt Wagner. First published by Comico Wagner has now moved his character to Dark Horse. Originally a noir comic in the style of European titles such as Diabolik it has evolved into in Wagner's words a study of the nature of aggression. In 2009 Hunter Rose (the first Grendel) was ranked as IGN's 88th Greatest Villain of All Time.
 The Day After Hell Broke Lose is a compilation album released by Rap-a-Lot Records in conjunction with producer Bigg Time.
 City Hall of San Jose at 200 East Santa Clara Street is the center of the government of the city of San Jose California. The building was designed by Richard Meier and opened to the public on 15 October 2005 replacing the former City Hall complex civic center located on North First Street which was used from 1958 until 2005. From 1889 to 1958 the city hall was located in what is now Plaza de Cesar Chavez in downtown San José.
 Craig Zucker (born March 23 1975) is an American politician from Maryland's 14th District which includes parts or all of Silver Spring Calverton Colesville Cloverly Fairland Burtonsville Spencerville Olney Brookeville Ashton Sandy Spring Brinklow Laytonsville Sunshine Goshen Montgomery Village and Damascus in Montgomery County. He was elected to the Maryland House of Delegates on November 2 2010 and sworn in on January 12 2011.
 I Need an Angel is the second studio album from American singer Ruben Studdard.
 Van Reyper-Bond House is located in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1872 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 22 1979. The house is located on the campus of Montclair State University.
 Pseudomyrmex leptosus is a species of ant in the family Formicidae. It is endemic to certain regions in the United States.
 Pay Doldol (Persian: پي دل دل‎ also Romanized as Pāy Doldol) is a village in Nilkuh Rural District Galikash District Minudasht County Golestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 391 in 105 families.
 The Philipsburgh Building also known as Philipsburgh Hall is an architectural landmark building in Getty Square in downtown Yonkers New York. The grand Beaux-Arts style structure was designed by G. Howard Chamberlain and built in 1904 using a unique all-concrete construction making it the first fireproof office building in Westchester County.
 When Seconds Count is the sixth album from American rock band Survivor released in November 1986. It is the second album featuring vocalist Jimi Jamison. The album included the hit single Is This Love which peaked at #9 in the US on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in early 1987. The album reached #49 on the Billboard 200 album chart.This is one of the many Survivor albums briefly taken out of print in 2009. However it was remastered and reissued in 2011 and distributed by Rock Candy Records.
 They Drive By Night is the second novel by British author James Curtis published in 1938. It is a crime thriller set in 1930s London and the North of England dealing with working-class themes in a Social realism style.
 Why Darwin Matters: The Case Against Intelligent Design is a 2006 book by Michael Shermer a historian of science. It argues that intelligent design is bad science that different fields of science converge in supporting evolution and that religion and science are not in conflict.
 William Pat Schuber is an American Republican Party politician who served for four years as Mayor of Bogota New Jersey represented his district in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1982 to 1990 and served 12 years as the County Executive of Bergen County.Schuber received a BA from Fordham University and was awarded a JD from the Fordham University School of Law.
 Portage Lake is a glacial lake in the Chugach National Forest of Alaska. It sits in a long heavily glaciated valley and abuts the calving face of Portage Glacier at its southern end. The lake has only become visible since approximately 1914 with the rapid retreat of Portage Glacier.
 San Callisto (English: Saint Callistus Latin: S. Calixti) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome Italy built over the site of Saint Pope Callistus I and the location of his martyrdom. The original building dates form the time of Pope Gregory III who ordered the building of a church on the site. The church has been rebuilt twice since first in the twelfth century and again the current church in 1610.
 The Château de Frôlois is a ruined castle in the commune of Frôlois in the Côte-d'Or département of France.The original castle was constructed in the 13th century; alterations were made in the 14th and 18th centuries. The Château de Frôlois is privately owned. It has been listed since 1977 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The Waterbury Union Station building is located on Meadow Street in the city of Waterbury Connecticut United States. It is a brick building dating to the first decade of the 20th century. Its tall clock tower built by the Seth Thomas Company is the city's most prominent landmark.Designed by the New York City architectural firm of McKim Mead and White for the New York New Haven and Hartford Railroad it handled 66 passenger trains a day at its peak.
 The Silurian Hills are a small range of hills in the Mojave Desert southeast of Death Valley National Park in southern California.
 Mount Bellamy is a mountain in the Owen Stanley Range in south-eastern Papua New Guinea. The mountain rises to 2250 metres (7400 ft).
 Vilelas (Santiago del Estero) is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
 The Mini-Skirt Mob is a 1968 action film about a female motorcycle gang. The film was directed by Maury Dexter and stars Diane McBain Jeremy Slate Sherry Jackson Patty McCormack Harry Dean Stanton Diane McBain and Sandra Marshall.
 In the Aisles of the Wild is a 1912 drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Live in Sweden 2004 is the third in a series of live Incubus albums and was released by the band in 2004. All series proceeds go to the band's charitable arm the Make Yourself Foundation.
 Pumlumon Fach is a top of Pen Pumlumon Fawr on the Plynlimon massif a part of the Cambrian Mountains in the county of Ceredigion Wales. It lies on small ridge heading north-west from the summit of Pen Pumlumon Fawr. The summit is marked by small cairn and overlooks the Nant-y-moch Reservoir to the north and Llyn Llygad Rheidiol to the east. The views also include the smaller summits of Drosgol (550m) and Banc Llechwedd-mawr (560m) and Cwm Hyddgen a hide out of Owain Glyndŵr and his army.
 Heather Steans (born May 8 1963) is a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate representing the 7th district. She was appointed after winning a controversial special primary election that followed the mid-term resignation of her predecessor Senator Carol Ronen. In November 2010 she was elected to a full term with 84% of the vote.
 The New Deal is a live album released by the Canadian electronic music trio The New Deal in 2001. The bulk of the album was recorded at performances in Atlanta GA Ithaca NY Northampton MA and Montreal PQ though it was sculpted into a larger piece in the studio.The album was nominated for Alternative Album of the Year at the 2003 Juno Awards.
 The Marqués de Valdecilla University Hospital mainly known as Valdecilla is a general hospital located in the city of Santander Cantabria in Spain.
 Sarah Childress Polk (September 4 1803 – August 14 1891) was the wife of the 11th President of the United States James Polk serving as First Lady of the United States from 1845 to 1849.
 The Bröhn (405 m) is the highest hill in the Deister range in the German state of Lower Saxony. It owes its name to the broom growing here (German: Besenginster but formerly known as Bröm or Bram). The highest point of the hill is close to the Anna Tower (de) an observation tower on the territory of the town of Springe close to the boundary of the municipality of Wennigsen.
 Kogaratsu is a comics series created by the Belgian comics creators Bosse (pseudonym of Serge Bosmans) and Michetz (pseudonym of Marc Degroide). It was first published in Spirou magazine in 1982. The success of the series written by Bosse and illustrated by Michetz inspired then illustrator and script writer Bosse to give up illustrating in order to focus solely at script writing.
 That's Life! is a magazine aimed toward a young female demographic and specialises in gritty real life stories contributed by its readers. The magazine is published in the UK and Ireland by H Bauer Publishing whose other titles include Take a Break and Bella.
 Legal Affairs was an American magazine that was launched under the auspices of Yale Law School and which later became an independent non-profit venture with an educational mission. As the first general-interest legal magazine Legal Affairs featured stories that centered on the intersection of law and everyday life. The award-winning magazine was a finalist for National Magazine Awards in the categories of general excellence and public interest reporting.
 Lough Erne or Loch Erne (pronounced lokh airn from Irish: Loch Éirne) is the name of two connected lakes in County Fermanagh Northern Ireland. It is the second-biggest lake system in Northern Ireland and Ulster and the fourth biggest in Ireland. The lakes are widened sections of the River Erne which flows north and then curves west into the Atlantic. The smaller southern lake is called the Upper Lough (as it is further up the river) or South Lough.
 Chicago (シカゴ Shikago) is a near-future action manga written by Yumi Tamura. It was published by Shogakukan in Betsucomi from November 2000 to May 2001 and collected in two bound volumes under the Flower Comics imprint. It is licensed in North America by Viz Media which serialized it in Animerica Extra.
 ChristChurch Cathedral is a deconsecrated Anglican cathedral in the city of Christchurch New Zealand. The cathedral was built in the second half of the 19th century and located in the centre of the city surrounded by Cathedral Square.
 This Time is a blues album by Robert Cray. It was released on August 11 2009 through Vanguard Records and Nozzle Records. It is his first studio album in four years also featuring a reconstructed line-up. The Robert Cray band toured in the United States supporting the album. They appeared on the Late Show with David Letterman on August 18 2009 promoting the album and played the song Trouble and Pain
 Inanidrilus ernesti is a species of Annelid worm.
 To Oak Woods Bestowed is a demo released in 2000 by Italian power metal band Elvenking. Track 1 2 and 4 were later featured in rerecorded versions on their first full-length album. This demo is also included in the Deluxe Edition of the 2010 album Red Silent Tides with a second bonus disc with the full demo album.
 The Vicarage in Congresbury Somerset England includes an early 19th-century vicarage and former Priests House from around 1446. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The eastern range comprising the Refectory was built by executors of Bishop Thomas Beckington of Wells whose heraldic devices and those of the Poulteney family are on the porch.The building is now used for church and community functions.
 Acupalpus guttiger is an insect-eating ground beetle of the Acupalpus genus.
 The Do Sal River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Kerala Kaumudi (Malayalam: കേരളകൗമുദി) is a popular Malayalam newspaper founded in 1911 by C. V. Kunhiraman with K. Sukumaran B.A. as the founder editor.
 Aslauga katangana is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 For the church with a similar name in Cheshire see All Saints' Church Weston CheshireFor the church with a similar name in Nottinghamshire see All Saints' Church Weston NottinghamshireAll Saints' Church is a Church of England parish church which has been located on a hill at the centre of Weston a small village on the outskirts of Bath England for a thousand years.
 Dominique Mbonyumutwa (January 1921 – 26 July 1986) was a Rwandan politician who served as the first and (provisional) President of Rwanda from January 28 to October 26 1961 immediately following the abolition of the Rwandan monarchy. He took over the country after King Kigeri V of Rwanda was overthrown following the 1961 referendum abolishing monarchy.Mbonyumutwa was of Hutu ethnicity. He was chosen by the party of the majority to be the first president after the Monarchy.
 Idhayak Kamalam (Tamil: இதயக் கமலம்; English: Heart Lotus) is a 1965 Indian Tamil film directed by Srikanth. Produced by L. V. Prasad under Prasad Productions the film stars Ravichandran and K. R. Vijaya in the lead.
 The Day of the Locust is a 1975 American drama film directed by John Schlesinger and starring William Atherton Karen Black and Donald Sutherland. The screenplay by Waldo Salt is based on the 1939 novel of the same title by Nathanael West. Set in Hollywood California just prior to World War II it depicts the alienation and desperation of a disparate group of individuals whose dreams of success have failed to come true.
 The House of Providence is a former orphanage and school located in Vancouver Washington. It was built c. 1873 by Mother Joseph of the Sacred Heart. She raised money for the construction of the House of Providence and other charitable institutions by leading begging tours through local mining camps. The building has three stories and was constructed in brick in a neo-Georgian style. It was used as a school until 1969.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Atiur Rahman is the Governor of Bangladesh Bank the central bank of the country. As a development economist of Bangladesh he is noted for writing on popular economic issues and has written a number of books both in Bengali and English.
 C.S.A.: The Confederate States of America is a 2004 mockumentary directed by Kevin Willmott. It is a fictional tongue-in-cheek account of an alternate history in which the Confederates won the American Civil War establishing the new Confederate States of America (that incorporates the former United States as well). The film primarily details significant political and cultural events of the C.S.A. history from its founding until the early 2000s.
 Debra D. Plowman is an American politician and businesswoman from Maine. Plowman served as a Republican State Senator from Maine's 33rd District representing western Penobscot County including the population centers of Hampden Dexter and Newburgh. She was first elected to the Maine State Senate in 2003 after serving from 1992-2000 in the Maine House of Representatives.
 J. Peter Lesley House in the Washington Square neighborhood of Philadelphia was the home for 27 years of John Peter Lesley a leading geologist.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1994 and is also a contributing building in Clinton Street Historic District.
 Drażniew [ˈdraʐɲef] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew within Siedlce County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Korczew 36 km (22 mi) north-east of Siedlce and 117 km (73 mi) east of Warsaw.
 All Souls Midnight is the unreleased album by singer Midnight.
 Fishtales is a 2007 family comedy film directed by Alki David and starring Billy Zane and Kelly Brook about a widowed father who falls in love with a mermaid. The film was released theatrically in the UK on 24 August 2007.At the time of filming co-stars Billy Zane and Kelly Brook were engaged to be married but they have since split. This is the second film that the couple have worked on together the previous being 2005's Survival Island where they met.
 Periwinkle at the Full Moon Ball (French: Le premier bal d'Agaric Passiflore) is the first book in the Beechwood Bunny Tales series. It was originally published by France's Éditions Milan in 1987 and in the United States by Gareth Stevens in 1991. In its native country the book won the Prix Saint-Exupéry for 1988 and the Prix de la Ville de Paris for its author.
 From Dusk Till Dawn 3: The Hangman's Daughter is a 2000 American horror film that serves as a prequel to the 1996 film From Dusk till Dawn. It was released directly to video and was nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Home Video Release.[citation needed] In late 2010 the production of a fourth film in the series was discussed but as of August 2012 further work on this possibility has not been revealed. In late 2013 it was reported that a TV series had begun production.
 Deh Now-e Sadat-e Bala (Persian: دهنوسادات بالا‎ also Romanized as Deh Now-e Sādāt-e Bālā; also known as Dehnow-e Sādāt-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District in the Central District of Rostam County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 367 in 85 families.
 The Landers Theatre in Springfield Missouri built in 1909 is the second oldest and largest civic theater operation in Missouri. It has been in continuous use either as a legitimate theatre or a movie theater since it opened. In 1928 the theater became the 35th facility in the world to acquire sound film.
 Patti B. Saris (born July 20 1951) is the Chief United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. She joined the court in 1993 after being nominated by President Bill Clinton. She is also Chair of the United States Sentencing Commission.
 Fragments of the Stars (星界の断章 Seikai no Danshō) is a series of books collecting short stories by Hiroyuki Morioka set in the same universe and involving characters from his novels Crest of the Stars and Banner of the Stars. The word Dansho refers to a passage from a written work but there is currently no consensus on how the title should be translated. One story from Seikai no Dansho I Birth was made into an anime OVA.
 Moving Targets is the fourth album from Flo & Eddie (Mark Volman and Howard Kaylan). Illegal Immoral and Fattening and Moving Targets were reissued on a single compact disc in 2007 by Acadia Records.The album features a guest appearance from Skyhooks lead singer Graeme Shirley Strachan on Guns singing background vocals during the chorus.The song Keep It Warm is interpolated and sampled on rapper Gucci Mane's 2009 single Lemonade.
 Carry On Up the Khyber is the sixteenth in the series of Carry On films to be made released in 1968. It stars Carry On regulars Sid James Kenneth Williams Charles Hawtrey Joan Sims Bernard Bresslaw and Peter Butterworth. Roy Castle makes his only Carry On appearance in the romantic male lead part usually played by Jim Dale. Angela Douglas makes her fourth and final appearance in the series.
 Beacon Hill is one of the highest viewpoints in the hinterland of Poole Harbour Dorset. Its tree-covered summit reaches 84 metres (276 ft) above sea level and there is a public footpath running roughly north to south over the top. Historically it was one of a series of beacons used to warn of the advancing Spanish Armada. The earlier name for the hill was Lytchett Beacon.To the northeast of Beacon Hill is a clay pit.
 Dying Emotions Domain is the first studio album by black metal band Astrofaes. It was re-released on CD format in 2001 on Chanteloup Creations. Necromantical Screams is a Celtic Frost cover.
 Pusher II (also known as Pusher II: With Blood on My Hands) is a 2004 Danish crime film written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn. The film is the second film in the Pusher trilogy portraying the lives of criminals in Copenhagen.
 Claude Dauphin (born December 17 1953 in Lachine Quebec) is a lawyer and politician in the province of Quebec Canada. He is a Montreal city councillor and also serves as the mayor of the Montreal borough of Lachine. He was also elected to the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Marquette in the Montreal region from 1981 to 1994 as a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
 The Slippery Slope is the tenth novel in the children's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket.
 Vexillum sinuosum is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae the ribbed miters.
 Praewoodsia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch.
 San Francisquito Pass is a mountain pass of the Sierra Pelona Mountains northeast of Green Valley in Los Angeles County California. This pass at the elevation 3655 feet (1114 m) was at the head of San Francisquito Canyon where from the time of the Spanish roads to the north from Los Angeles to the San Joaquin Valley crossed the Sierra Pelonas into the San Andreas Rift near Elizabeth Lake.
 The Dowe Historic District is a 1-acre (0.40 ha) historic district in Montgomery Alabama. It includes 320 and 334 Washington Avenue and 114–116 South Hull Street. The architectural style of the four contributing buildings ranges from Greek Revival to Queen Anne. The district was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 29 1988.
 Cochranella saxiscandens is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.It is endemic to Peru.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Sir Khawaja Nazimuddin KCIE (Urdu: خواجہ ناظم الدین‎; Bengali: খাজা নাজিমুদ্দীন; 19 July 1894 – 22 October 1964) was a Muslim League politician and statesman from the Dhaka Nawab Family. Nazimuddin served twice as the Prime Minister of Bengal in British India. After the establishment of Pakistan he was the second Governor-General of Pakistan from 1948 until the assassination of Prime Minister Liaquat Ali Khan in 1951.
 The Greenwater River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. Its watershed drains a portion of the Cascade Range east and northeast of Mount Rainier including parts of the Norse Peak Wilderness. It flows into the White River at Greenwater which eventually flows into Puget Sound via the Puyallup River. The Greenwater River defines part of the boundary between King and Pierce counties.
 Weejasperaspis gavini is an extinct acanthothoracid placoderm found in the Taemas-Weejasper Reef of the Early Devonian-aged Buchan Group in eastern Victoria Australia. Weejasperaspis differs from other acanthothoracids in that the median dorsal crest is short and triangular-shaped. Its sister genus Murrindalaspis differs from it by having large blade-like median dorsal crests that are recurved. Like Murrindalaspis it is only known from a dorsal plate and ossified eyeballs.
 Rumer Hill Junction (grid reference SJ991090) was a canal junction on the Cannock Extension Canal where the Churchbridge Branch left to join the Hatherton Canal. The junction along with the northern section of the canal was abandoned in 1963. The Churchbridge Branch and Rumer Hill Junction were subsequently obliterated by opencast mining.
 Dilber's Eight Days (Turkish: Diber'in Sekiz Günü) is a 2008 Turkish drama film written and directed by Cemal Şan starring Nesrin Cevadzade as a young village woman who leaves with a stranger after being spurned by her lover. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on April 24 2009 (2009-04-24) was shown in competition at the 45th Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival (October 10–19 2008) and was nominated at the 3rd Yeşilçam Awards (March 23 2010).
 Spelled in Bones is the third album by American folk-rock band Fruit Bats released in 2005.
 Seán Ryan (born 27 January 1943) is a former Irish Labour Party politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for Dublin North from 1989 to 1997 and 1998 to 2007.Ryan was born in Dublin and educated at North Strand Vocational School the College of Technology Bolton Street the College of Industrial Relations and the School of Management Rathmines College of Commerce.
 Nosów [ˈnɔsuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów within Ostrowiec County Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Waśniów 13 km (8 mi) west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski and 43 km (27 mi) east of the regional capital Kielce.The village has a population of 140.
 Syneora hemeropa is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Tasmania.
 The Medora River is a 2.1-mile-long (3.4 km) tributary of the Montreal River on the Keweenaw Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It forms the outlet of Lake Medora.
 Pseudantheraea is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.
 Cobleskill Historic District is a national historic district located at Cobleskill in Schoharie County New York. The district includes 180 contributing buildings and eight contributing sites. It encompasses a commercial area several residential streets churches an old school a railroad and a fairgrounds. The area includes a small stream that runs through a park containing a millpond. The focal point of the community is the 1874 Hotel Augustan now used for commercial purposes.
 Little Grand Lake is a lake of Hants County Nova Scotia Canada.
 A Maverick Heart Between Love And Life is a 2013 novel written by Ravindra Shukla. Ravindra Shukla is a graduate of IIT-Bombay.
 Wysoka [vɨˈsɔka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemków within Polkowice County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Przemków 16 km (10 mi) west of Polkowice and 92 km (57 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.The village has a population of 331.
 El Clavo or The Nail is a 1944 Spanish romance drama film directed by Rafael Gil. It is based on the novel of the same title by Pedro Antonio de Alarcón.
 Alfie Darling is a 1975 British comedy drama film directed by Ken Hughes. It is the sequel to the 1966 film Alfie. This time Alan Price takes over Michael Caine's role of Alfie.
 Joseph Wayne Joe Miller (born May 10 1967) is an American attorney who was the Republican Party nominee and the Tea Party favorite in the 2010 U.S. Senate election in Alaska.
 Betini is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1872 living in 329 individual households.
 Pir Savaran (Persian: پيرسواران‎ also Romanized as Pīr Savārān and Pīr Sawāran) is a village in Samen Rural District Samen District Malayer County Hamadan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 78 in 27 families.
 Georges Jacques Danton (French: [ʒɔʁʒ dɑ̃tɔ̃]; 26 October 1759 – 5 April 1794) was a leading figure in the early stages of the French Revolution and the first President of the Committee of Public Safety. Danton's role in the onset of the Revolution has been disputed; many historians describe him as the chief force in the overthrow of the monarchy and the establishment of the First French Republic.
 The Swing Kings: A Tribute to Benny Goodman is a jazz tribute album co-led by Bucky Pizzarelli and Ray Kennedy dedicated to Benny Goodman released in 2005 by Victoria Records.
 The Daniel Boone Homestead the birthplace of American frontiersman Daniel Boone is a museum that is administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission near Birdsboro Berks County Pennsylvania in the United States. It is located on nearly 600 acres (2.4 km2) and is the largest site administered by the PHMC. The staff at Daniel Boone Homestead interpret the lives of the three main families that lived at the Homestead: the Boones the Maugridges and the DeTurks.
 Clark Hall is a Democratic politician who serves as the District 13th member of the Arkansas House of Representatives. He is running for the U.S. House of Representatives in 2012.
 A Fire Inside is an EP by American rock band AFI. It was released on September 29 1998 through Nitro Records. The EP title is a quote from the introductory track on their previous album Shut Your Mouth and Open Your Eyes as well as the band name's permanent abbreviation. The EP includes two original songs and two covers. Although the EP is out of print and no longer sold in current retail stores it can be found on iTunes for digital download.
 Idaea sometimes called Hyriogona is a large genus of geometer moths. They are found nearly worldwide with many native to the Mediterranean the African savannas and the deserts of western Asia.As of 2013 there were about 680 species in the genus.
 The Other Barack: The Bold and Reckless Life of President Obama's Father is a biography written by Sally H. Jacobs a Boston Globe journalist. She had access to Obama's Father's immigration file. The book also states that Barack Obama Sr and Ann Dunham considered giving Barack Obama up for adoption to the Salvation Army.
 Digit is an Indian monthly technology magazine published by 9.9 Media. According to the last Indian Readership Survey results that mentioned it (IRS 2011 Q1) it has a readership of about 270000. .[citation needed] The IRS surveys have always shown Digit to be the most read technology magazine in India higher than even the combined readership of its peers. It is circulated in India officially but also reaches Nepal Sri Lanka Oman Dubai and some other countries through unofficial channels.
 Copahue (Spanish pronunciation: [koˈpawe]) is a stratovolcano nestled on the border between Argentina and Chile. There are nine volcanic craters along a 2 km (1.2 mi) line and the eastern summit crater contains a briny acidic 300 m (1000 ft) wide crater lake. Twentieth-century eruptions from the crater lake have ejected pyroclastic rocks and chilled liquid sulfur fragments.
 Kids in America was an album derived from the short-lived American reality television series American Juniors and released by Jive Records in 2003. It was sung by the 10 finalists on the show not just the five who made it in.
 The Castle is a lava spine located west of Squamish in southwestern British Columbia Canada. Volcanism at The Castle is controlled by north-south structures and there are no hot springs known in the area. It forms part of the Monmouth Creek complex and is part of the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt which is a segment of the Cascade Volcanic Arc.
 Khalilabad (Persian: خليل اباد‎ also Romanized as Khalīlābād) is a village in Pain Jovin Rural District Helali District Joghatai County Razavi Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 351 in 85 families.
 The Valea Largă River is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
 The Vltava (Czech pronunciation: [ˈvl̩tava] ; German: Moldau IPA: [ˈmɔldaʊ̯]) is the longest river in the Czech Republic running north from its source near the German border in Šumava through Český Krumlov České Budějovice and Prague merging with the Elbe at Mělník.
 Tepeören is a village in the Vezirköprü Samsun Province Turkey.
 Henri Drouin (December 6 1911 – March 29 1992) was a Canadian lawyer politician and judge.Born in L'Annonciation Quebec Drouin studied at the Université de Montréal before being called to the Bar of Quebec in 1936. From 1936 to 1950 he was a practising lawyer in Amos Quebec. From 1950 to 1976 he was a judge of the Superior Court.He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec in the riding of Abitibi-Est in 1944. A Liberal he was defeated in 1948.
 The novel Les Mystères de Marseille by Émile Zola appeared as a serialized story in Le Messager de Provence in 1867 while Zola was writing Thérèse Raquin. As a work of his youth it was thus also a commissioned work on which Zola cut his teeth.
 The Tristan rock lobster Jasus tristani is a species of rock lobster endemic to the Tristan da Cunha archipelago and Vema Seamount 1680 kilometres (1040 mi) north-east of Tristan. It is very closely related to J. paulensis and these two may represent a single species. The Tristan rock lobster features on the coat of arms and the flag of Tristan da Cunha.
 Theodore E. Russell (born 1936) was the first U.S. ambassador to Slovakia (1993–1996). He subsequently served as deputy commandant for international affairs at the U.S. Army War College in Carlisle Pennsylvania.
 Ballstad is a village in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located on a small island off the southwestern tip of the island of Vestvågøya in the Lofoten archipelago. It is one of the largest fishing villages in Lofoten.Ballstad is a coastal village situated near the mouth of Buksnesfjorden where it meets Vestfjorden.
 Bhavurao Venkatrao Deshpande was a senior leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and is considered as one of the founding fathers of the BJP in Karnataka India.He was associated with the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh from a very young age and after completing his education he dedicated his life to the service of the nation and propagating nationalist thought by becoming a full-time worker (Pracharak) of the RSS.
 The Flying Cow Ranch (Chinese: 飞牛牧场; pinyin: Fēiniú Mùchǎng) is a tourist attraction ranch in Tongxiao Township Miaoli County Taiwan.
 Charles Marie Pierre Albert Count de Broqueville (Postel a part of Mol 4 December 1860 - Brussels 5 September 1940) was the 20th Prime Minister of Belgium serving during World War I.
 Gilgamesh the King is a 1984 fantasy novel by Robert Silverberg presenting the Epic of Gilgamesh as a novel.
 Boot Pond is a 76-acre (310000 m2) pond in Plymouth Massachusetts within the Eel River watershed. The pond is located west of South Pond village northwest of Gunners Exchange Pond and Hoyts Pond and north of Myles Standish State Forest. The pond is a secondary municipal water supply for the Town of Plymouth.
 Destrehan Plantation is an antebellum Greek Revival house located near Destrehan in St. Charles Parish Louisiana. The plantation was a major source of indigo and later sugarcane production. The home is most associated with Jean-Noël Destréhan first United States senator from Louisiana and influential in the transition of the territory to United States statehood.The house is a unique example of a plantation home outliving the oil refinery that had been built around it.
 Slieve na Calliagh (Irish: Sliabh na Caillí meaning the hag's mountain) is the highest peak in a low range of hills in northwest County Meath. The hills are notable as the location of the Loughcrew Megalithic Tomb Cemetery.
 Golden Hits is a 1967 greatest hits album by the pop rock band The Turtles. It was released on White Whale Records.
 Lower Woods Pond is a 91-acre lake. Located in Wayne County Lebanon Township in Pennsylvania and is managed by the Fish and Boat Commission. Lower Woods Pond is a 50 acre natural lake that was dammed by The Pennsylvania Fish & Boat Commission (PFBC) turning it into its current 91 acres. The lake is able to be fished by electric and non-motorized boats only and a permit is required. Some fish that can be found include the Largemouth Bass the Bluegill and the Walleye.
 Galasa relativalis is a species of snout moths in the genus Galasa. It was described by Dyar in 1914 and is known from Panama.
 William L. Distin (August 1789 – September 30 1879) was a Canadian municipal politician. He was mayor of Hamilton Ontario in 1849.Born in England little is known of the life of William L. Distin. He first appears as an active member of the Hamilton community in 1849 when he was elected mayor and served on the building committee of Christ's Church.
 Anne Waiguru is a Kenyan who was nominated by President Uhuru Kenyatta as Cabinet Secretary for Devolution and Planning on 25 April 2013.
 The Pârâul Carpenului or Valea Carpenilor River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 Pillar of Fire is a 1995 historical fantasy novel by Judith Tarr. It deals with the reigns of Egyptian pharaohs Akhenaten and Tutankhamun and the Exodus from the perspective of a Hittite slave girl of Ankhesenpaaten. It draws heavily on Ahmed Osman's theory that Moses and Ankhenaten were the same person.The idea of Akhenaten as the pioneer of a monotheistic religion that later became Judaism has been considered by various scholars starting with Sigmund Freud's views in Moses and Monotheism.
 Cash McCall is a 1960 movie starring James Garner and Natalie Wood based upon the novel of the same name by Cameron Hawley about a man who buys businesses in order to sell them at a profit. The picture was directed by Joseph Pevney from a screenplay by Lenore J. Coffee and Marion Hargrove.
 Nowosielce [nɔvɔˈɕɛlt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie within Trzebnica County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Oborniki Śląskie 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Trzebnica and 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
 Chichester River a perennial stream of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Hunter district of New South Wales Australia.
 Gujjadi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka India. It is located in the Kundapura taluk of Udupi district in Karnataka.
 Wat Arun Ratchawararam Ratchawaramahawihan or Wat Arun (Thai pronunciation: [wát ʔarun] Temple of Dawn) is a Buddhist temple (wat) in Bangkok Yai district of Bangkok Thailand on the Thonburi west bank of the Chao Phraya River. The temple derives its name from the Hindu god Aruna often personified as the radiations of the rising sun. Wat Arun is among the best known of Thailand's landmarks and the first light of the morning reflects off the surface of the temple with pearly iridescence.
 John Lamb (June 12 1840 – November 21 1924) was a U.S. Representative from Virginia.
 The Runcu River is a tributary of the Nadoşa River in Romania.
 Gilayeh (Persian: گيلايه‎ also Romanized as Gīlāyeh) is a village in Shuil Rural District Rahimabad District Rudsar County Gilan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 77 in 19 families.
 The Little Greenbrier School is a former schoolhouse and church in the ghost town of Little Greenbrier in Sevier County Tennessee United States. Located near Gatlinburg in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park it was built in 1882 and was used as a school and church almost continuously until 1936.
 Gatsby P. Major (November 15 1831 – October 6 1907) was an American politician from Buffalo New York.He served as Director of Bureau of Fisheries under Cleveland from 1897. In 1896 he was a delegate to the 1896 Democratic National Convention.
 Robots (ISBN 978-0441013210) is a science fiction anthology edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois. It was published in 2005 and includes stories on the theme of robots that were originally published from 1985 to 2003 though mostly from the last few years of that range. It is the 32nd book in their anthology series for Ace Books.
 Todd Farm (also known as the Smith-Andrews-Taft-Todd Farm) is an historic farm at 670 Farnum Pike (Greenville Road) in North Smithfield Rhode Island USA.The center part of the farm house was built in 1740 with wings added on both ends in the late-eighteenth or early-nineteenth centuries. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. There are also several historic outbuildings on the property.
 23 Wall Street or The Corner is an office building formerly owned by J.P. Morgan & Co. – later the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company – located at the southeast corner of Wall Street and Broad Street in the heart of the Financial District in Manhattan New York City.The building was designated a New York City landmark in 1965 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Taylor's Chapel is a historic chapel located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a Greek Revival style chapel located in a quarter acre fenced-in plot which also includes a graveyard within Mount Pleasant Park in northeast Baltimore. The structure is a small mid-19th-century country church built of stone covered with stucco painted white and has a gable roof.
 Old Manse is a historic building at Miami University (Oxford Ohio). Once nicknamed the “Coffee Mill House” Old Manse originally served as a residential estate and then as a manse for pastors. It later became a center for Presbyterian students and finally became Miami University property in 1973. It currently houses the Department of Religion.
 Mordellistena cypria is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1963 by Ermisch.
 Alone (Again) is a solo piano album by American jazz pianist Bill Evans recorded in December 1975 but not released until 1977 on Fantasy Records. It was reissued on CD in 1994 by Original Jazz Classics.
 Life On Planet Groove is a 1992 album by Maceo Parker.
 Jaci Velasquez is the self-titled fourth studio album by Contemporary Christian singer Jaci Velasquez. It was released in 1998 on Myrrh Records.
 The Door with Seven Locks (German: Die Tür mit den sieben Schlössern) is a 1962 West German crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Heinz Drache. It is an adaptation of the Edgar Wallace novel The Door with Seven Locks.
 Jocara majuscula is a species of snout moth in the genus Jocara. It was described by Herrich-Schäffer in 1871 and is found in California Florida Central America Cuba Puerto Rico and Jamaica.
 A follow-up to the 1982 Emmy-nominated film Little People Big Enough is a 2004 documentary film about Anu Trombino Karla and John Lizzo Len and Lenette Sawisch and Sharon and Ron Roskamp who are all typical Americans in every respect except that they are dwarfs.
 Leigh Court is a country house which is a Grade II* listed building in Abbots Leigh Somerset England.The manor of Leigh at the time of the Norman Conquest belonged to the lordship of Bedminster but William the Conqueror awarded it to the Bishop of Coutances. The manor house was given in 1118 by Robert Fitzharding to become a house of rest for the abbot and monks of St Augustine's Monastery in Bristol and as Abbot's Leigh it was destinguished from other places named Leigh.
 Sweetbox is the debut album of Sweetbox. It was the first and only album to have Tina Harris on vocals and the last to have a R&B urban main influence as Jade Villalon took over on vocals on Classified and changed the sound of Sweetbox to classical infused pop. The album Sweetbox was released in 1998 in Europe and Asia. In North America the album was titled Everything's Gonna Be Alright.
 Ridgeriders is a studio album and TV series from 1999 and 2001. The TV series featured Nick Knowles and was shown Thursdays on Meridian Television from 7 June 2001 about the Southern English trackways (Nick Knowles takes to the saddle once again for a new four-part series of Ridgeriders which follows the ancient trackways of the South of England). The album is a collaboration album between Phil Beer Ashley Hutchings and Chris While. It is the soundtrack album to the TV series.
 Inglewood also known as the Robert Gray House is a historic home located near Harrisonburg Rockingham County Virginia. It was built between 1849 and 1851 and is a two-story five-bay double pile brick Georgian style dwelling. It has a side gable roof and interior end chimneys. The house was restored in the 1940s.
 Weedpatch Camp (also known as the Arvin Federal Government Camp and the Sunset Labor Camp) was built by the Farm Security Administration (FSA) south of Bakersfield California in 1936 to house migrant workers during the Great Depression. Several historic buildings at the camp were placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on January 22 1996.Weedpatch Camp has its origins in the migrations during the drought that caused the Dust Bowl in the mid-1930s.
 Spinoza is a book about Baruch Spinoza by the English philosopher Stuart Hampshire first published in 1951 with a revised edition in 1962.
 William Lincoln Hart (February 5 1867 – April 29 1962) was a lawyer in the U.S. State of Ohio who served as a justice of the Supreme Court of Ohio. He taught law at university and was president of the Ohio State Bar Association.
 The Canadian Sphinx (Sphinx canadensis) is a member of the family Sphingidae that is found the Northeastern United States and as north as Newfoundland and Labrador Canada.The adult's wingspan is between 70 and 85 mm. It is often confused with the Hermit Sphinx (Sphinx eremitus) throughout their overlaying areas but unlike S. eremitus it has no white spot. The forewing of this species is gray-brown with black streaks along the veins interrupted by white lines along the outer margin.
 Takashi Ohno (born on Kodiak Island in Alaska) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Hawaii House of Representatives since January 16 2013 representing District 27.
 The Wyrmling Horde is the seventh installment in the Runelords series written by David Farland and was published September 16 2008.
 The United States Post Office and Courthouse Dubuque Iowa is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Iowa located in Dubuque Iowa. Completed in 1934 it was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 as a contributing resource within the Cathedral Historic District.
 Osmerus is a genus of smelt.
 Lt.-Colonel The Hon. William McGillivray (1764 – October 16 1825) of Chateau St. Antoine Montreal was a Scottish-born fur trader who succeeded his uncle as the last chief partner of the North West Company. He was elected a member of the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada and afterwards the Legislative Council of Lower Canada.
 Leptoconopinae is a subfamily of biting midges in the family Ceratopogonidae. The larvae are recognized by their unique sclerites of the head and by their mouthparts also unique among the Ceratopogonidae. Some authorities place the genus Leptoconops in its own family Leptoconopidae.
 The megabat subfamily Macroglossinae is a small group comprising only four genera.
 Wilderness Heart is the third album by Black Mountain released on September 14 2010.The album received a nod from Exclaim! magazine as the No. 18 Pop & Rock Album of 2010. The album was also named as a longlisted nominee for the 2011 Polaris Music Prize.
 Albuquerque Plaza also known as the Bank of Albuquerque Tower is a 107 m (351 ft) high-rise on the south side of Civic Plaza 201 Third Street NW in Downtown Albuquerque New Mexico. It is the taller of a two tower complex that contains class-A office space connected at ground level by a two-story promenade containing retail space connecting to the shorter Hyatt Regency Albuquerque hotel tower. At 22 stories it is the tallest building in New Mexico.
 Jon Cole is the CFO of Rally.org and an anti-drug advocate in Texas. He previously served as an aide at White House ONDCP and the Texas House of Representatives. Cole has run two losing campaigns as a Republican for the Texas House of Representatives.
 Mao Chi-kuo (Chinese: 毛治國; pinyin: Máo Zhìguó; born 4 October 1948) is the current Vice Premier of the Republic of China (ROC).
 Refugee is a 2000 Indian film written and directed by J. P. Dutta. The film marked the debuts of Abhishek Bachchan son of popular actor Amitabh Bachchan and Kareena Kapoor the younger sister of actress Karisma Kapoor. The film also starred Jackie Shroff Sunil Shetty and Anupam Kher.
 Minnesota Correctional Facility – Oak Park Heights (MCF-OPH) is Minnesota’s only Level Five maximum security prison. The facility is located near the cities of Bayport and Stillwater. The facility is designed and employed with trained security officers to handle not only Minnesota’s high risk inmates but other states' as well. They also have the largest contract to house federal inmates with serious violent histories.
 The World According to Garp is 1982 American comedy drama film directed by George Roy Hill based on the novel of the same title by John Irving who co-wrote the script with Steve Tesich. For their roles John Lithgow and Glenn Close were respectively nominated for Best Actor in a Supporting Role and Best Actress in a Supporting Role at the 55th Academy Awards. The movie adaptation was filmed mostly in the Leewood Estates neighborhood of Eastchester New York in the Spring and Summer of 1981.
 Grabanów-Kolonia [ɡraˈbanuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska within Biała Podlaska County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 Angels of the Apocalypse is the second and upcoming full-length album by Timo Tolkki's metal opera project Avalon to be released on May 16 2014 in Europe and four days later in North America.It is the second part of the trilogy created by Tolkki with the previous album The Land of New Hope being the third part of the storyAs with the previous effort several heavy metal singers were invited to play the characters of the story of the album with female vocalist Elize Ryd of Amaranthe reprising her role and Floor Jansen (Nightwish ReVamp) playing the main character. 
 Into the Still Blue is the third installment of the Under the Never Sky trilogy. It was published on January 28 2014 and was written by Veronica Rossi. The book is set in a futuristic world where humans are losing time to the Aether (intense lighting storms) that are quickly taking over the world. However there is the Still Blue a location that is believed to be free of Aether storms.
 Grochowa [ɡrɔˈxɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno within Piaseczno County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Piaseczno and 25 km (16 mi) south of Warsaw.
 Aaron Hinman Grout (January 18 1879 -- December 29 1966) was a Vermont judge and political figure who served as Secretary of State of Vermont.
 Shigeru Ishiba (石破 茂 Ishiba Shigeru born 4 February 1957) is a Japanese politician. Ishiba is a member of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and of Heisei-Kenkyukai (part of the party faction led by Fukushiro Nukaga) until 2011. He was Minister of Defense from 2007 to 2008 and was also Minister of Agriculture Forestry and Fisheries.
 John Q. Adams (October 5 1816 – March 17 1895) was an American teacher and politician. He served as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate and the Wisconsin State Assembly.
 James Guthrie (December 5 1792 – March 13 1869) was a U.S. Senator from Kentucky and served as Secretary of the Treasury in the administration of President Franklin Pierce.
 The Birdanca River or Birda River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Seikimatsu no Angel (世紀末のエンジェル Seikimatsu no Enjeru) is a shōjo manga series created by Erika Kurahashi. The title can be translated in English as End of the Century Angel.
 Fast Freight is a 1929 Our Gang short silent comedy film. It was the 85th Our Gang short that was released.
 Beinn Narnain (sometimes anglicised as Ben Narnain) is a mountain in the southern Highlands of Scotland near Arrochar. It forms part of a group of hills known (un-officially) as the Arrochar Alps and is a Munro. The name Beinn Narnain means hill of notches and describes the mountain's notched profile.Beinn Narnain is usually climbed from Succoth at the head of Loch Long.
 St. Thomas' Church is a historic brick church in a picturesque rural setting located at Croom Prince George's County Maryland. The original church was constructed between 1742 and 1745 and is one of the earliest Episcopal churches in Southern Maryland.
 Anastasia Krupnik (1979) is the first book of a popular series of middle-grade novels by Lois Lowry depicting the title character's life as a girl just trying to grow up. Anastasia deals with everyday problems such as popularity and the wart on her thumb. The book is written in episodic fashion each chapter self-contained with minimal narrative link to the others.
 The Bărănelul River or Gigelu River is a tributary of the Râul Rece in Romania.
 Force Heretic: Reunion (also released as Force Heretic III: Reunion) is the third novel in a three-part story by Sean Williams and Shane Dix. Published and released in 2003 it is the nineteenth installment of the New Jedi Order series set in the Star Wars galaxy.
 Zbójno [ˈzbui̯nɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo within Sierpc County Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Gozdowo 16 km (10 mi) south of Sierpc and 104 km (65 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
 The Colour and the Shape is the second studio album by American rock band Foo Fighters. Produced by Gil Norton it was released through Capitol Records and the group's own Roswell Records on May 20 1997. The record is the debut of the Foo Fighters as a group as the band's previous record Foo Fighters (1995) was primarily recorded by frontman Dave Grohl and friend Barrett Jones as a demo.
 Mazraeh-ye Tayfeh Galeh Zan (Persian: مزرعه طايفه گله زن‎ also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ţāyfeh Galeh Zan) is a village in Kavar Rural District in the Central District of Kavar County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 24 in 5 families.
 Library Review is an academic journal which was established in 1927 [1]. This journal focuses on social sciences specific to library and information sciences. The journal is published nine times a year by Emerald Group Publishing in the United Kingdom. The current editor (as of October 2011) is Doctor Judith Broady-Preston a senior lecturer for the Department of Information Studies at Aberystwyth University[2] in the United Kingdom.
 The Darkside Vol. 1 is the tenth solo studio album by American rapper Fat Joe. The album was released July 27 2010 by Terror Squad Entertainment and E1 Music. Production was provided by Cool & Dre Streetrunner DJ Infamous Just Blaze Scram Jones DJ Premier Raw Uncut and Scoop DeVille among others. Guest appearances came from Trey Songz Too Short R. Kelly Cam'ron Clipse Lil Wayne and Young Jeezy.
 The Stephen Phelps House is a historic home located at Penfield in Monroe County New York. It is a representative example of the vernacular Federal style of architecture from the settlement period. The residence constructed between 1814 and 1817 is the earliest intact dwelling in the town of Penfield. The frame building consists of a two story five bay center entrance main block with smaller frame wings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Fake History is the second album by Los Angeles band Letlive. and the first written and recorded with Jason Aalon Butler (lead vocals) Jean Nascimento (guitar) Jeff Sahyoun (guitar) Ryan Jay Johnson (bass guitar) and Anthony Rivera (drums).
 The Louis Marchetti House is located in Wausau Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 CastleCourt is a shopping centre on Royal Avenue in Belfast Northern Ireland. It is Northern Ireland's third largest shopping centre after Victoria Square and Foyleside in Derry and has approximately 16 million visits a year. Sale densities at CastleCourt rank in the top 10% in the country.
 Mumbai Mirror is the leading compact newspaper in the city of Mumbai with a daily circulation of approximate 700000 copies.
 The Vakh River (Russian: Вах) is a river in Khanty–Mansia Russia. It is a right tributary of the Ob River. The Vakh River is 964 km long; the area of its basin is 76700 km². It begins at the watershed of the basin of the Ob the Yenisei and the Taz Rivers. The Vakh River's main tributaries are the Kulynigol the Sabun the Kolikyegan and the Bolshoy Megtygyegan. Since the Vakh like the Ket River flows from east to west it was an important early transportation route.
 Unleash the Carnivore is the third studio album by American death metal band Devourment. It was released through Brutal Bands on June 26 2009.
 William Pennington (May 4 1796 – February 16 1862) was an American politician and lawyer the Governor of New Jersey and Speaker of the House during his one term in Congress.Born in Newark New Jersey he graduated from the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University) in 1813 and then studied law with Theodore Frelinghuysen.
 Speciality is the third album from Japanese pop singer Nami Tamaki. The album was Tamaki's second to reach number one on the Oricon charts.
 Gowk (Persian: گوك‎ also Romanized as Govak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District in the Central District of Bam County Kerman Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 14 in 4 families.
 Upper Cramer Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. Sawtooth National Forest trail 154 leads to the lake.Upper Cramer Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Downstream of Upper Cramer Lake are Middle and Lower Cramer Lakes.
 Inbetween is the second studio album by Swedish girlband Bubbles released on 4 November 2002. It produced two hit singles on the Swedish charts. The song Somewhere entered into the charts on 26 April 2002. It peaked at number 10 and remained on the charts for 12 weeks and it was also included on the Ice Age film. Then on 24 October 2002 Round 'N' Round entered into the charts and peaked at number 30 where it stayed for 20 weeks.
 Hoobastank (typecast as H∞bastank) is the first major studio release by rock band Hoobastank. The album proved to be the band breakthrough album. The album also proved to be the band's first album to use a post-grunge sound rather than a funk metal and ska punk sound that was use in their first independent album and their previous independent releases. It was released on November 20 2001 by Island Records. Three singles were released Crawling in the Dark Running Away and Remember Me.
 Rondslottet is the highest mountain in the Rondane mountain range and is also the highest mountain in the county Hedmark.
 Gripsholm Castle (Swedish: Gripsholms slott Mariefred) is a castle in Mariefred Södermanland Sweden. It is located by lake Mälaren in south central Sweden in the municipality of Strängnäs about 60 km west of Stockholm.
 St. Paul Baptist Church—Morehead School is a historic church and school in Kinder Louisiana.It was built in 1919 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 Nassarius paucicostatus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae the nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
 Wardsville is a village in Cole County Missouri United States. The population was 1506 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Jefferson City Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Dennis Henry Herbert 1st Baron Hemingford KBE PC (25 February 1869 – 10 December 1947) was a British Conservative politician.Herbert was the eldest son of Reverend Henry Herbert Rector of Hemingford Abbots in Huntingdonshire. He was elected to the House of Commons as Member of Parliament (MP) for Watford at the 1918 general election a seat he held until 1943.
 White Snow Bright Snow is a 1947 book by Alvin Tresselt and illustrated by Roger Duvoisin. Released by Lothrop Publishers it was the recipient of the Caldecott Medal for illustration in 1948.
 Metarctia olbrechtsi is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Kiriakoff in 1953. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Wishingbone is the sister album to Subtle's first album A New White. It contains remixes and new material with other artists including Mike Patton Beck and Andrew Border of Fog. Included with Wishingbone is a DVD including the videos for F.K.O. The Long Vein of the Law and Swanmeat. All the videos on the DVD were animated by a group called SSSR. Several of the tracks originally appeared on the F.K.O. and The Long Vein of The Law EPs.
 Extremities Dirt & Various Repressed Emotions is the ninth album of English post-punk group Killing Joke. It was released on CD and double LP in November 1990. This album featured both Martin Atkins (formerly of Public Image Ltd.
 Suntar-Khayata Range (Russian: Сунтар-Хаята) is a granite mountain range rising along border of Sakha Republic in the north with Amur Oblast and Khabarovsk Krai in the south.The highest point of the range is Mus-Khaya Mountain in Sakha Republic 2959 m. Berill Mountain 2933 m is the highest in Khabarovsk Krai.Suntar-Khayata Range is a watershed divide between the Aldan River which eventually flows into the Lena River and the Arctic Ocean and the Sea of Okhotsk.
 St Mary's Church Eastham is in the town of Eastham Wirral Merseyside England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Wirral South.
 See also Viper's Bugloss for the plant.The Viper's Bugloss (Hadena irregularis) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe.The wingspan is 32–36 mm. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.The larvae feed on Silene otites and Gypsophila species.In 1998 the United Kingdom government removed Hadena irregularis from schedule 5 (animals) of the The Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 as it is believed to be extinct.
 Main Street: The Story of Carol Kennicott is a satirical novel written by Sinclair Lewis and published in 1920.
 The Puebla deer mouse (Peromyscus mekisturus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.It is found only in Mexico.
 In the Wake of Poseidon is the second studio album by the progressive rock group King Crimson. By the time this album was released the band had already undergone their first change in line-up however they still maintained much of the style of their first album In the Court of the Crimson King. Also like their first album the mood of this album often changes from serene to chaotic.
 Little-eared tree rat (Pithecheirops otion) is a species of rodent in family Muridae.
 Proloy (Bengali: প্রলয়; English: Disaster) is a 2013 Indian Bengali crime thriller film directed by Raj Chakraborty produced by Shree Venkatesh Films and Raj Chakraborty Productions starring Parambrata Chatterjee and Mimi Chakraborty. The film's music is by Indradeep Dasgupta. The film's first song রোশনী এলো Roshni Elo was unveiled on the film's official YouTube channel on 1 July 2013.
 Albana Vokshi is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.
 The Canyon Falls Bridge is a bridge located on US Highway 41 (US 41) over the Sturgeon River in L'Anse Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Last Kind Words is the third studio album by DevilDriver released in the United States on July 31 2007. It was released in the United Kingdom on June 19.This is the first album to feature DevilDriver's melodic death metal influence by using melodic death-like leads on the guitar in some songs and they make frequent use of guitar solos throughout the album. The album debuted at number 48 on the U.S. Billboard 200 selling about 14000 copies in its first week.
 Affinity is the eponymous début album by Affinity.
 Flinx in Flux (1988) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster. The book is fifth chronologically in the Pip and Flinx series.Flinx finds a woman unconscious on a riverbank deep in the jungles of Alaspin where he has gone to release Pip’s offspring. The woman Clarity Held turns out to be a research scientist last working on the inhospitable world of Longtunnel.
 The Lady of the Barge is an anthology of short stories by W.W. Jacobs first published in 1902. Many of Jacobs' most famous short stories were included in this collection.
 Pittston Congregational Church (also known as the First Congregational Church of Pittston) is a historic church at the junction of ME 27 and ME 194 in Pittston Maine.The church's meeting house was constructed in 1836 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The congregation now meets at 21 Arnold Road in Pittston and has approximately 35 members. It continues to be conservative in Doctrine belonging to the Conservative Congregational Christian Conference.
 Stone Blue is the seventh studio album by English blues rock band Foghat released in May 1978 on Bearsville Records. Stone Blue paired Foghat with producer Eddie Kramer who had previously engineered recordings for Jimi Hendrix and Led Zeppelin. Kramer and Foghat didn't collaborate smoothly but the tension in the studio may have helped to give the album an added edge.
 Happy Birthday Garfield is an hour-long television dedicated to the tenth anniversary of the Garfield comic strip hosted by its creator Jim Davis. The special was first broadcast May 17 1988 on CBS. It has only been released on VHS home video.
 James Findlay (October 12 1770 – December 28 1835) was a soldier political official and merchant who for decades was one of the leading citizens of Cincinnati Ohio.
 good! Afternoon (good! アフタヌーン Guddo! Afutanūn) is a Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Kodansha. It is a bimonthly anthology and each issue typically has around twenty-five stories by various artists and runs about 800 pages. It is a sister magazine to Kodansha's successful monthly manga anthology Afternoon and was first launched on Nov. 7 2008. Each issue sells for 680 yen.
 The Museum of Cultures (Italian: Museo delle Culture or Museo Heleneum) is one of the museums that form part of the Polo Culturale of the city of Lugano in Switzerland. It is situated in the Heleneum a villa on the shore of Lake Lugano to the east of the city centre and in the quarter of Castagnola.
 The Little River is a 29.3-mile-long (47.2 km) tributary of the Etowah River in the U.S. state of Georgia in the United States.The Little River is located mostly in Cherokee County and forms the jagged part of the Cherokee/Fulton (formerly Cherokee/Milton) county line and part of the more recent Milton city limit.The river flows generally from east to west and divides the Woodstock area to the south and Holly Springs area to the north.
 The Blanchard River is a 103-mile-long (166 km) tributary of the Auglaize River in northwestern Ohio in the United States. It drains a primarily rural farming area in the watershed of Lake Erie.It rises in central Hardin County on the northern outskirts of Kenton. It flow generally north for its first 25 miles (40 km) into eastern Hancock County where it turns sharply to the west. It flows west through Findlay and past Ottawa.
 Bandit Ranger is a 1942 Western film.It was the first of six Westerns produced starring Tim Holt between 11 May and 17 July 1942 caused by Holt's impending induction into the Air Corps.
 Monte Verde (Portuguese meaning green mountain) is the tallest mountain in the island of São Vicente Cape Verde. The mountain is located 8 km (5 mi) east of the city of Mindelo the island's main city and is 750 m tall. The mountain is part of a natural park. It is an example of a sub-humid ecosystem. Of the 93 inventoried species of flora 17 are on the list of endangered species of São Vicente.
 A Moment in Chiros is American heavy metal vocalist Lance King's studio debut album as a solo artist featuring the musical contributions of many of his friends contemporaries and business associates.
 Elizabeth Erny Foote (born January 1953) is an American lawyer and the third female to serve on the United State District Court Western District of Louisiana.
 The Château de La Palice is a castle developed into a château in the commune of Lapalisse in the Allier département of the Auvergne région of France.
 White Glacier is located to the northeast of Mount Tom in the Olympic Mountains and Olympic National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier located between Mount Tom and Mount Olympus starts at around 7000 and 6400 feet (2100 and 2000 m). The westernmost section of White Glacier is partially separated from the rest of the glacier by several small ridges of rock and it flows straight north.
 The Little Madawaska River is a river in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in the Unorganized South Part of Nipissing District in northeastern Ontario Canada. The river is entirely within Algonquin Provincial Park and is a right tributary of the Petawawa River and not a tributary of the nearby Madawaska River.
 Smilin' Through is a 1919 play by Jane Cowl and Jane Murfin written under a pseudonym Allan Langdon Martin. Cowl also starred in the play in a double role and co-directed it with Priestly Morrison. Smilin' Through was produced by The Selwyns and opened at the Broadhurst Theatre on Broadway on December 30 1919. It included in the cast Orme Caldara as Kenneth and Jeremiah Wayne Henry Stephenson as John Carteret and Ethelbert D. Hales as Dr. Owen Harding. Scenic design was by Joseph Urban.
 Murder in the Central Committee (Spanish: Asesinato en el Comité Central) is a 1982 Spanish thriller film directed by Vicente Aranda. It stars Patxi Andión and Victoria Abril. The plot follows a private detective an ex-communist and former CIA agent who travels from Barcelona to Madrid to discover the identity of the assassin of the leader of the Spanish Communist Party who was stabbed during a blackout while presiding over a meeting of the party's Central Committee.
 Metophioceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
 Iain McNicol (born 17 August 1969) is a British Labour politician and trade unionist. He currently serves as the General Secretary of his party moving on from the position as National Political Officer of the GMB Union.
 Sik Fong (色放; Colour Release) is Cantopop-rock singer Candy Lo's third studio album. It was released on 1 April 2000. For this album Candy Lo continued her collaboration with Hong Kong producer Kubert Leung with whom she worked on for most the tracks on her previous albums.
 Licentiate of Canon Law [Latin: Juris Canonici Licentia (J.C.L.)] is the title of an advanced graduate degree with canonical effects in the Roman Catholic Church offered by pontifical universities and ecclesiastical faculties of canon law.
 Agincourt Mall is a shopping mall located at Kennedy and Sheppard Avenue in the Tam O'Shanter area of Scarborough in northeastern Toronto Canada.
 Cola Cola jazz is a novel by Togolese author Kangni Alem. It won the Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire in 2003.
 Kannoth Karunakaran (July 5 1918 – December 23 2010) was a politician from Kerala India belonging to the Indian National Congress party. He was close to Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi. K.Karunakaran is the founder of United Democratic Front(UDF) and a coalition Government system in Kerala state.Karunakaran died on 23 December 2010 aged 92 at Ananthapuri Hospital in Thiruvananthapuram.
 Critical Reviews in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology is a scientific journal that publishes comprehensive review articles in the areas of biochemistry and molecular biology.
 Police (Norwegian: Politi 2013) is a crime novel by Norwegian novelist Jo Nesbø. It is the tenth novel in Nesbø's Harry Hole series.
 The Artesian Hotel Casino and Spa is a hotel in Sulphur Oklahoma. Amenities include a casino with electronic gaming and card tables a swimming pool fitness center and a spa.
 Andegameryx is an extinct genus belonging to the family Hypertragulidae within the order Artiodactyla endemic to Europe during the Miocene living 22.4—20 Ma existing for approximately 2.4 million years.Andegameryx were primitive and ancient ruminants resembling small deer or musk deer although they were more closely related to modern chevrotains. Its diet is stated to be that of a frugivore. The only known fossil was found in Zaragoza Spain.
 Reach Me is an upcoming 2014 American drama film directed and written by John Herzfeld. The film stars Lauren Cohan Sylvester Stallone Cary Elwes Terry Crews Thomas Jane Tom Sizemore and Tom Berenger.
 Nila Heredia Miranda (born in Uyuni Potosí) is a former medical school anatomy professor and administrator former leftist militant and Bolivia's Minister of Health and Sports a position she has occupied twice.In the 1970s Heredia was a member of the Revolutionary Workers' Party of Bolivia and the National Liberation Army during the dictatorship of Hugo Banzer.
 Church of Resurrection of Christ is a Orthodox church building under construction in Kumanovo Macedonia. Construction started on 25 of April 2014.
 Douglas W. Doug Isaacson (born October 18 1957) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Alaska House of Representatives since January 18 2013 representing District 1.
 Porter Adventist Hospital is a 368-bed acute care hospital located in the University of Denver/Harvard Park area of Denver Colorado.Porter Adventist specializes in treating patients with cardiac care cancer care joint replacement spinal care and transplant needs.Porter is a regional referral center for complex medicine and surgeries such as kidney liver and pancreas transplants open-heart surgeries and cancer care.In 2009 Porter Adventist was recognized as achieving quality care nursing excellence and innovations in professional nursing practice by the American Nurses Credentialing Center. 
 Vellicode is a village located in Kanyakumari District of Tamil Nadu India on National Highway 47 approximately 47 km south of Trivandrum [Nearest AirPort].
 Skeletons in the Closet is a live album from the German power metal band Gamma Ray released in 2003. It mostly featured songs that the band had never played live before. The setlist was voted by fans on the band's official website.
 In the Mood for Love is a 2000 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Kar-wai starring Maggie Cheung and Tony Leung. The film premiered on 20 May 2000 at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival where it was nominated for the Palme d'Or.The film's original Chinese title meaning the age of blossoms or the flowery years – Chinese metaphor for the fleeting time of youth beauty and love – derives from a song of the same name by Zhou Xuan from a 1946 film.
 The Buhl Building is a skyscraper and class-A office center in Downtown Detroit Michigan. Architect Wirt C. Rowland designed the Buhl in a Neo-Gothic style with Romanesque accents. Constructed in 1925 it stands at 26 stories in the Detroit Financial District across Congress Street from the Penobscot Building and across Griswold Street from the Guardian Building all of which were designed by Wirt C. Rowland. The Buhl Building stands on the corner of Congress St. West and Griswold St.
 When Gravity Fails is a cyberpunk science fiction novel by George Alec Effinger published in 1986. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1987 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1988.
 Fragments of a Hologram Rose is a science fiction short story by William Gibson. It was Gibson's first published work originally appearing in 1977 in Unearth 3 a short-lived science fiction collection magazine which retailed for $1.00; Gibson was paid $27 for the story. It tells the story of a jilted ex-lover who relies on artificial sense-recordings to sleep in a dark polluted city. It was subsequently published in Burning Chrome an anthology of Gibson's early short fiction.
 The Nadăș River (Hungarian: Nádas) is a tributary of the Dalnic River in Romania. The name in Hungarian means reedy. The Romanian name derives from that.
 Hypsotropa makulanella is a species of snout moths in the genus Hypsotropa. It was described by Joannis in 1927 and is known from Mozambique.
 The mahogany tree frog Tlalocohyla loquax is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Belize Costa Rica Guatemala Honduras Mexico and Nicaragua.Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests subtropical or tropical moist montane forests freshwater marshes intermittent freshwater marshes pastureland rural gardens and heavily degraded former forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Henbury Village Hall was built as a school in the Henbury area of Bristol England.It was built in 1830 in a Tudor Revival style by Thomas Rickman on the site of a charity school which had stood on the site since 1601.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
 Ligota [liˈɡɔta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszków within Ostrów Wielkopolski County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Raszków 15 km (9 mi) north of Ostrów Wielkopolski and 87 km (54 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
 Dreaming of Babylon: A Private Eye Novel 1942 is Richard Brautigan's eighth novel and was published in 1977. It is a black comedy set in San Francisco in 1942. The central character C. Card is no Sam Spade but actually does do detective work of a sort when he's not off dreaming of Babylon.
 The St. Francis Xavier Cathedral in Vincennes Indiana is often referred to by locals as The Old Cathedral. The St. Francis Xavier Cathedral was elevated to the status of Basilica (minor basilica) on 14 March 1970.The church is located opposite George Rogers Clark National Historical Park at 205 Church Street. It was built in 1826 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Professional Rapper is the third full-length album by John Reuben. It was released on December 2 2003.
 Sarmayeh (in Persian: سرمایه) was a daily business newspaper published in Iran. In 2009 it was banned from publishing by the Iranian government and several of its reporters and editors were arrested on state security charges.
 Glaphyocanthon is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
 The Titan's Curse is a 2007 fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology written by Rick Riordan. It is the third novel in the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series and the sequel to The Sea of Monsters.
 Thomas Greenwood Clausen (December 22 1939 - February 20 2002) was a Democratic educator from Baton Rouge Louisiana who was the last elected state superintendent of education a position which he filled from 1984 to 1988 during the third administration of Governor Edwin Edwards.
 All Eyes to the Morning Sun is a mini-album by Lights Action. It was released on April 14 2008 as a digital download and also as an enhanced CD.
 Mostki [ˈmɔstki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek within Włocławek County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Włocławek and 63 km (39 mi) south-east of Toruń.
 Mount Genyen (Genyen Shan) or Ge'nyen is a mountain in the West Sichuan Mountain Range in China. With an elevation of 6204 metres (20354 ft)  it is the third highest peak in the Chinese province of Sichuan. It was first climbed by Karl Unterkircher with a Japanese team in 1988.Genyen is regarded as the 13th most holy mountain amongst the 24 holy mountains of Tibetan Buddhism.
 The Mill Creek is a 19-mile (31 km) long tributary of Lake Erie in Erie County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It flows from Millcreek Township through the city of Erie into Presque Isle Bay. Much of the creek in the city was channeled into the Mill Creek Tube which was constructed after the Mill Creek's disastrous flood struck the city in 1915.
 Lipniak [ˈlipɲak] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kock within Lubartów County Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
 William L. Bill O'Brien (born July 20 1951) is a lawyer and Republicanlegislator from Mont Vernon New Hampshire who has been a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives since 2004 representing district Hillsborough-4. O'Brien was elected the Speaker of the House on December 1 2010 when Republicans took control of the NH House. When Democrats regained control of the NH House in the 2012 election O'Brien did not run for a leadership position.
 Opened on May 24 1998 the Marguerite Bourgeoys Museum is located on the shores of the Saint Lawrence River in the historic centre of Old Montreal. Exhibits focus on Marguerite Bourgeoys Montreal's first teacher and founder of the Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours Chapel who lived during the 17th century.
 Charles Ernest Gault (September 19 1861 – December 25 1946) was a politician in Quebec Canada. He was born in Montreal Quebec. He was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec in a 1907 by-election in Montréal division no. 5 and was re-elected in 1908. He was elected in Montréal–Saint-Georges in 1912 1916 1919 1923 1927 1931 and 1935.
 The First National Bank is a historic bank building in Mobile Alabama. It was built in 1905 to the designs of local architectural firm Watkins Hutchisson and Garvin. The two-story masonry structure is in the Classical Revival style and features a brick and terracotta facade. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 17 1978.
 Hasri Ainun Besari (also Ainun Habibie; August 11 1937 – May 22 2010) was the wife of former Indonesian President B. J. Habibie. She was the First Lady of Indonesia from 1998 to 1999. She died at the age of 72 years old at the Ludwig Maximilians-Universität Hospital in Munich Germany.
 Turboloid is an EP by the Norwegian band Turbonegro. It was released on 12 Vinyl in 1990 on bassist Thomas Seltzer's Straitjacket Records. Only 1000 copies were pressed. Carlos Carrasco plays the drums on this recording he later left to join Anal Babes on guitar.
 Poshtaleh (Persian: پشتاله‎ also Romanized as Poshtāleh) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District Firuzabad District Kermanshah County Kermanshah Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 30 in 6 families.
 Buffalo Hill (Chinese: 水牛山) is a hill located in Ma On Shan Country Park west of Sai Kung in the eastern half of Hong Kong. It is particularly well known for its peak resembling the head of a Buffalo when viewed from Sha Tin. MacLehose trail passes within 225 metres from the peak of the hill while smaller trails cut off the main MacLehose trail up to the peak of Buffalo Hill.
 The Lechința River is a tributary of the Şieu River in Romania.
 Dave Kaptain is the mayor of Elgin Illinois. Kaptain won the April 2011 election by receiving 54.35% of the mayoral votes defeating incumbent Ed Schock.Kaptain graduated from School District U-46 schools and received a bachelor's degree from Bradley University in Peoria Illinois. He worked for 32 years for the Fox River Water Reclamation District including as a chief chemist before retiring from there.
 See You at the Pillar is a 1967 British short documentary film about Dublin combining contemporary footage folk music and quotations from past residents such as George Bernard Shaw Oscar Wilde and Brendan Behan. The film is narrated via a conversation between Anthony Quayle and Norman Rodway. Produced by Robert Fitchet it was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 The Funeral (お葬式 Osōshiki) is a 1984 Japanese comedy film by director Juzo Itami.The film shows the preparations for a traditional Japanese funeral. It mixes grief at the loss of a husband and father with wry observations of the various characters as they interact during the three days of preparation.The Funeral was the writing and directing debut of Itami Juzo and was an enormous success in Japan.
 Murun-e Pas Bagh (Persian: مورون پس باغ‎ also Romanized as Mūrūn-e Pas Bāgh; also known as Mūrān and Mūrūn) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District Bahmai County Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 150 in 34 families.
 Antelope Freeway is an album by American guitarist Howard Roberts recorded in 1970-71 for the Impulse! label.
 My Memories of Old Beijing is a 1983 Chinese drama film based on the novel of the same name written by Lin Haiyin which was published in 1960. The film showed the customs and sceneries of the old Beijing in a reminiscent mood. It was the winner of the third Golden Rooster for Best Director Best Music and Best Supporting Actress in 1983. The film was also selected as the Chinese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 56th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 All Rounder is a 1984 Indian Bollywood film directed and produced by Mohan Kumar. It stars Kumar Gaurav and Rati Agnihotri in pivotal roles.
 János Martonyi (born in Kolozsvár Hungary (today Cluj-Napoca Romania) 5 April 1944) is a Hungarian politician current Foreign Minister of Hungary. He is a member of the Fidesz – Hungarian Civic Union party and was also Foreign Minister between 1998 and 2002.
 Integra Bank Corporation was the parent of Integra Bank National Association a retail bank headquartered in Evansville Indiana that failed on July 29 2011. As of March 31 2010 Integra Bank had $2.9 billion in total assets and operated 67 banking centers and 116 ATMs at locations in Illinois Indiana Kentucky and Ohio. On Friday July 29 2011 Integra Bank National Association (N.A.) Evansville was closed by the Comptroller of the Currency.
 The Yellow-throated Laughingthrush (Garrulax galbanus) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family. It is found in grassy areas with bushes and trees scrub and forest in north-eastern India south-eastern Bangladesh and western Myanmar. Until recently it included the Blue-crowned Laughingthrush as a subspecies but unlike that species the crown of the Yellow-throated Laughingthrush is pale grey (not bluish).
 The Tradouw's Mountain Toad (Capensibufo tradouwi) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.It is endemic to South Africa.Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation temperate grassland rivers intermittent rivers swamps freshwater marshes and intermittent freshwater marshes.It is threatened by habitat loss.
 Shikari is a black-and-white Hindi film released in 1964. The main characters of the film are Ajit and Ragini. It has a few good songs. But was not a success in the box office.
 Mount Shokotsu (渚滑岳 Shokotsu-dake) is a mountain in the Kitami Mountains. It is located in Takinoue Hokkaidō Japan.
 Cushetunk Mountain (formerly Mount Ployden and Pickel's Mountain occasionally Mount Cushetunk or Coshanton) is a ring shaped mountain in the U.S. state of New Jersey located in Readington and Clinton Township. The Lenape called the mountain Cushetunk meaning place of hogs after the wild hogs found there. In the 1960s the valley at the heart of the mountain was dammed and filled with water to create Round Valley Reservoir.
 The Snake Man (Khmer: ពស់កេងកង Thai:งูเก็งกอง Puos Keng Kang) is a 1970 Cambodian drama horror film based on a Cambodian myth about a snake goddess starring Khmer famous actress at era Dy Saveth and Chea Yuthorn who was hugely popular in Thailand after the film release.
 The Large the Small and the Human Mind is a popular science book by British theoretical physicist Roger Penrose. The book was published by Cambridge University Press in 1997. It includes criticism of his work on physics and consciousness by Abner Shimony Nancy Cartwright and Stephen Hawking. The book was preceded by The Emperor's New Mind published in 1989 and Shadows of the Mind published in 1994.
 Rivetina pulisangini is a species of praying mantis in the genus Rivetina.
 The Jordão River (Portuguese Rio Jordão) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paraná River.
 Krafla is a caldera of about 10 km in diameter with a 90 km long fissure zone in the north of Iceland in the Mývatn region. Its highest peak reaches up to 818 m and it is 2 km in depth. There have been 29 reported eruptions in recorded history.
 The Château de Belpuig is a ruined castle in the commune of Prunet-et-Belpuig in the Pyrénées-Orientales département of France.The castle occupies a strategic position on a rocky spur overlooking the surrounding countryside that is only a 15 minute walk from the village. The extensive panorama takes in the mountain ranges of Canigou the Albères the Corbières and the coast of Languedoc and Roussillon.
 The Strona is a mountain torrent in the Province of Verbano Cusio Ossola northern Italy a tributary of the Toce. It rises on Monte Capezzone at an elevation of 2421 m and runs through the Valle Strona (the communes of Valstrona Massiola Quarna Sopra Loreglia Germagno Omegna Casale Corte Cerro and Gravellona Toce) before entering the Toce. At Omegna it is joined by the Nigoglia the outlet of Lago d’Orta.
 Saivar Thirumeni is a 2001 Malayalam film directed by Shajoon Karyal. Suresh Gopi Narendra Prasad Jagathy Sreekumar Srividya Rehna Kundara JohnySangeetha Mohan and K. P. A. C. Lalitha star in the lead. Suresh Gopi portrays a Namboothiri youth Devadaththan.
 Welcome Home Jellybean is a 1978 novel written by Marlene Fanta Shyer. It is about a family who bring their mentally challenged daughter home from an institution and have to adjust to life with her around. In 1984 it was made into a CBS Schoolbreak Special. It starred Christopher Collet as Neil Oxley with Dana Hill as Geraldine Jellybean Oxley.
 The Girl of the Golden West is a 1938 musical western film. It was adapted from the play of the same name by David Belasco better known for providing the plot of the opera La fanciulla del West by Giacomo Puccini. A frontier woman falls in love with an outlaw.
 Accentuate the Positive is an album recorded in 2004 by singer Al Jarreau based around songs from the 1940s. In 2005 the album received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Jazz Vocal Album.
 Toombs Tobacco Farm is a historic home and farm complex located near Red Oak Charlotte County Virginia USA. Contributing resources include the main residence summer kitchen family cemetery tobacco barns smoke house animal pens and other ancillary structures. The main house is a 1-1/2 story wood frame dwelling with a standing seam metal roof in a vernacular Federal style. A two-story rear addition was built about 1910.
 Sozusa despecta is a moth in the Arctiidae family. It was described by Walker in 1862. It is found in South Africa.
 Angiostomatidae' is a family of parasitic nematodes.
 Biotodoma is a small genus of cichlids. They are native to rivers in the Amazon Orinoco and Essequibo basins in South America.
 The Cork Free Press (11 June 1910 – 9 December 1916) was a nationalist newspaper in Ireland which circulated primarily in the Munster region surrounding its base in Cork and was the newspaper of the dissident All-for-Ireland League party (1909–1918). Published daily from June 1910 until 1915 and weekly in 1915–16 it was the third of three newspapers founded and published within a decade by William O'Brien MP.
 Hindustan Times (HT) is an Indian English-language daily newspaper founded in 1924 with roots in the Indian independence movement of the period (Hindustan being a historical name for India). The newspaper is owned by Rajya Sabha M.P. Shobhana Bhartia.It is the flagship publication of HT Media Ltd. Hindustan Times is one of the largest newspapers in India by circulation. According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations it has a circulation of 1.4 million copies as of 2010.
 The Spiller Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges located on the northeastern end of Porcher Island British Columbia Canada.
 The Yolo Bypass is one of two flood bypasses in the Sacramento Valley located in Yolo and Solano Counties. It protects Sacramento and other riverside communities from flooding through a system of weirs. These weirs connect the bypass to the Sacramento River as well as to various local creeks where the water is eventually drained into the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta.Sacramento experienced several severe floods prior to construction of the bypass.
 Mystery in Space is the name of two science fiction American comic book series published by DC Comics and a stand alone Vertigo anthology released in 2012. The first series ran for 110 issues from 1951 to 1966 with a further 7 issues continuing the numbering during a 1980s revival of the title. An 8-issue limited series began in 2006. Together with Strange Adventures Mystery In Space was one of DC Comics' major science fiction anthology series.
 Education in Chemistry is a magazine published by the Royal Society of Chemistry. It covers all areas of chemistry education concentrating on the teaching of chemistry in secondary schools and universities. The editor is Karen Ogilvie.
 Watershed is the ninth full-length studio album by the Swedish progressive metal band Opeth. Released by Roadrunner Records Watershed is the first studio album by Opeth to feature guitarist Fredrik Åkesson and drummer Martin Axenrot who replaced longtime guitarist Peter Lindgren and drummer Martin Lopez. The artwork for the album was made by Travis Smith (who has created the artwork for eight previous Opeth releases) in collaboration with Mikael Åkerfeldt.
 Protolophus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae.
 The Case of the Scorpion's Tail (Italian: La coda dello scorpione) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Sergio Martino.
 The Glass Mountain is a black and white British romantic film drama released in 1949. It starred Michael Denison Dulcie Gray and Valentina Cortese. The film was a popular success of it's day and was re-released in the UK in 1950 and 1953. It features acclaimed classical vocalist Tito Gobbi as himself with the orchestra and chorus of the Venice Opera House. The theme music by Nino Rota is memorable and was also a contemporary hit.
 Plionoma rubens is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Casey in 1891.
 The lowest and westernmost of the Issaquah Alps Cougar Mountain is part of the highlands in suburban Seattle Washington that rise abruptly from southeast of the intersection of I-90 and I-405. About two-thirds of Cougar Mountain has experienced residential development and is home to many neighborhood communities such as Lakemont but the forested heart of the hills was officially preserved by King County in June 1983 as Cougar Mountain Regional Wildland Park.
 Helsingin Sanomat abbreviated HS and colloquially known as Hesari is the largest subscription newspaper in Finland and the Nordic countries owned by Sanoma. Except after certain holidays it is published daily. In 2008 its daily circulation was 412421 on weekdays (a change of −1.8% from 2007) and 468505 on Sundays (−1.3%).
 Qaderabad (Persian: قادر آباد‎ also Romanized as Qāderābād) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District Sarshiv District Marivan County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 176 in 36 families.
 Gymnoclytia paulista is a North American species of tachinid flies in the genus Gymnoclytia of the family Tachinidae.
 Pink String and Sealing Wax is a 1945 British drama film directed by Robert Hamer and starring Mervyn Johns Googie Withers and Gordon Jackson.
 The David Syme House is located in Sycamore Illinois and is part of the Sycamore Historic District. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in May 1978. The Queen Anne style home was constructed sometime around 1880.
 Paddock Bulevard - is a skyscraper in Sabadell (suburb of Barcelona) Spain. Completed in 1998 has 20 floors and rises 82 metres. Lies near other two skyscrapers: Torre Millenium and Les Orenetes de l'Eix.
 Łagiewniki [waɡʲɛvˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska within Poznań County Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.
 Chadeh (Persian: چاده‎ also Romanized as Chādeh; also known as Chahār Deh and Chārdeh) is a village in Afriz Rural District Sedeh District Qaen County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 96 in 22 families.
 Hyles costata is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from Mongolia and adjacent areas of Russia. There are also records from farther east and south in China (Heilongjiang and Gansu). It is probably much more widely distributed in northern China.The wingspan is 70–82 mm. In China adults are on wing in July. In Mongolia and Russia they are on wing from June to August.The larvae feed on Aconogonon Polygonum and Rumex species.
 Absolutely was the second rock music album recorded by the band Boxer released during 1977 on the Epic record label.
 Anguish (Spanish: Angustia) is a 1987 Spanish-produced horror film starring Zelda Rubinstein Michael Lerner Talia Paul Angel Jove and Clara Pastor.
 Szczycienko [ʂt͡ʂɨˈt͡ɕenkɔ] (formerly German Klein Schönberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice within Drawsko County West Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Ostrowice 18 km (11 mi) north-east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 97 km (60 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. For the history of the region see History of Pomerania.
 The Hainberg (known locally as the Hainberge as it has several summits. Also the old form Heinberg) is a hill range up to 299 metres high northwest of the Harz Mountains in the eastern part of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The 1977 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha the sixth volume in a series of nineteen. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in May 1977 followed by a hardcover edition issued in September of the same year by the same publisher as a selection of the Science Fiction Book Club. For the hardcover edition the original cover art of Jack Gaughan was replaced by a new cover painting by Richard V. Corben.
 Hyangnosan is a mountain located in Miryang Gyeongnam Province South Korea. It has an elevation of 979 m (3212 ft).
 It Don't Bother Me is the second album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released in December 1965. The album was produced by Nathan Joseph and Bill Leader although Leader was left uncredited.The album features nine songs composed by Jansch one by Alex Campbell (“So Long (Been on the Road So Long)”) and the traditional “900 Miles”. For this last Jansch accompanies himself on the banjo rather than the steel-string acoustic guitar which he uses elsewhere.
 Being Elmo: A Puppeteer's Journey is a 2011 American documentary film about Kevin Clash a puppeteer who performed the Sesame Street character Elmo. The film was directed by Constance Marks.
 Ostrov is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
 Corpsing is 2000 novel by Toby Litt.
 Vardanjan (Persian: وردنجان‎ also Romanized as Vardanjān; also known as Vardangūn Vardaniān and Wardangun) is a village in Vardanjan Rural District Ben District Shahrekord County Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 4262 in 1023 families.
 Socks is a children's novel written by Beverly Cleary originally illustrated by Beatrice Darwin and published in 1973. It won the William Allen White Children's Book Award. The title character of the book would eventually become the name for Socks Clinton the cat of U.S. President Bill Clinton and family.
 A Million to Juan is a 1994 romantic comedy film starring comedian Paul Rodriguez. This was also his directorial debut. The story is a modern spin on Mark Twain's story The Million Pound Bank Note.
 Dalima mjoebergi is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is endemic to Borneo.
 Pirate Cinema is a novel by Cory Doctorow. It was released in October 2012. The novel is licensed under the terms of Creative Commons BY-NC-ND license and is available free on the author's website.The novel is set in a dystopian near-future Britain where the government is effectively controlled by media corporations.
 Kickback is a collection of rare and unreleased material from the funk group The Meters.
 A Walk in the Woods is a 1988 play by Lee Blessing. It depicts the developing relationship between two arms limitation negotiators one Russian and one American over a year of negotiation. The play was nominated for both a Tony award and a Pulitzer Prize.
 Thomas Henzinger (born 1962) is an Austrian computer scientist and researcher.
 Naitō Kiyokazu (内藤 清枚 September 25 1646 – May 29 1714) was a Japanese daimyo of the early Edo period who ruled the Takatō Domain in Shinano Province (modern-day Nagano Prefecture).
 Belly of the Beast is a 2003 American action film directed by Hong Kong film director Ching Siu Ting in his American directorial debut and also produced by and starring Steven Seagal. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on December 30 2003. Steven Seagal plays Jake Hopper a former CIA agent on a quest and to find his kidnapped daughter.
 Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 is a 2013 American computer-animated comic science fiction comedy film produced by Sony Pictures Animation and distributed by Columbia Pictures. The film is the sequel to the 2009 film Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs which was loosely based on Judi and Ron Barrett's book of the same name. It was directed by Cody Cameron and Kris Pearn produced by Kirk Bodyfelt and executive produced by the directors of the first film Phil Lord and Chris Miller.
 The Scarce Heath (Coenonympha hero) is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found in Central Europe Northern Europe and Asia. It resembles Coenonympha arcania.The butterflies fly in one generation from May to July.The larvae feed on various grasses.
 The Timoi River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 Shahpurabad (Persian: شاهپوراباد‎ also Romanized as Shāhpūrābād) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District in the Central District of Selseleh County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 155 in 29 families.
 Gershwin Allen Drain (born 1949) is a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.
 Madhu Koda also written as Madhu Korah (born 6 January 1971) is an Indian politician who was Chief Minister of Jharkhand from 2006 to 2008. He was sworn in as the fourth Chief Minister of Jharkhand on 14 September 2006 and remained in office until he resigned on 23 August 2008. Koda is the third independent legislator to assume the office of chief minister of an Indian state including Biswanath Das in Orissa in 1971 and S. F.
 The Hotel Marshall is the tallest building though not the tallest structure in Marshall the seat of Harrison County Texas. The building was constructed about 1929 and is noted for its art-deco elements. In actuality it draws from several styles that were popular at the time. The hotel was originally called The Marshall and was one of three (The Kaufman in Kaufman and The Gibraltar in Paris) of the Pethybridge Hotel Co. ventures in East Texas.
 Graydon Kelly Kitchens Jr. (born July 1936) is an attorney and a retired city ward and state court judge in Minden Louisiana.
 Abbasabad (Persian: عباس اباد‎ also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District in the Central District of Qom County Qom Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 126 in 27 families.
 Unexpected Guest at a Cancelled Party is a compilation album of unreleased material by Canadian 80s New Wave band Spoons. Named after the b-side to their Talk Back single it was released independently by Spoons member Gordon Deppe in June 2007 (2007-06).
 Meadows Farm Complex is a historic home and farm complex located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. The Meadows farmhouse was built about 1900 and is a 1 1⁄2-story L-shaped frame residence with restrained Queen Anne–style detailing. The eadows guesthouse was built about 1815 in a rural vernacular Federal style. Also on the property are two barns shed smokehouse well and machine shed.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Journal of Automated Reasoning was established in 1983 by Larry Wos who was its editor in chief until 1992. It covers research and advances in automated reasoning — mechanical verification of theorems and other deductions in classical and non-classical logic.The journal is published by Springer Science+Business Media. As of 2010 the editor-in-chief is Tobias Nipkow.
 Marreh (Persian: مره‎) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District Besharat District Aligudarz County Lorestan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 117 in 25 families.
 Richard Maximilian Lyon-Dalberg-Acton 2nd Baron Acton KCVO JP DL (7 August 1870 – 16 June 1924) was a British Peer and diplomat ultimately Britain's first Ambassador to Finland in 1919-20.
 St. Thomas the Apostle Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church and parish in the Los Angeles Archdiocese Our Lady of the Angels Pastoral Region. The church faces Pico Boulevard at 1321 S. Mariposa Avenue in the Pico Union section of Los Angeles California. The Mission Revival style church was built in 1904.
 My Name Is Barbra Two... is the second of two studio album tie-ins to Barbra Streisand's debut television special My Name Is Barbra which first aired on 28 April 1965.
 Panorama Point is the highest natural point in Nebraska at an elevation of 5429 feet (1655 m) above sea level.It is located in southwestern Kimball County near the point where Nebraska and Wyoming meet on Colorado's northern boundary. Despite its name and elevation Panorama Point is not a mountain or a hill; it is merely a low rise on the High Plains. A stone marker giving the elevation at 5424 feet (1653 m) and a guest register are located at the summit of the drive.
 Public Safety Building or Old Post Office is a historic building in Cumberland Allegany County Maryland. It was constructed between 1902 and 1904 in the Classical Revival style. It is built of brick rising from a monumental stone base. There is a slightly projecting pavilion with four engaged Ionic columns on the second and third floors.
 Fighting Clowns is a 1980 album by The Firesign Theatre. It is unique among Firesign Theatre albums by virtue of the fact that it is primarily made up of songs rather than the group's usual audio theater or sketch comedy pieces. Many of the songs on this album were recorded live in front of an audience while some of the songs and much of the linking material was recorded in the studio.
 Lake Rotootuauru is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Chaetonotus elegans is a gastrotrich species in the genus Chaetonotus.
 Zaans Museum is a museum in Zaandam Netherlands founded in 1994. It is housed in a contemporary building designed by architects Cor van Hillo and Monique Verschaeren right across from the historic windmills and houses of the Zaanse Schans an open-air museum. The museum covers 16500 m3 and contains items showcasing the past of the area of the Zaan and the wealth created by the early industrial activity on the river.
 The McDougall United Church is a church located in Downtown Edmonton at 10086-101 Street.
 Mr. Potter (2002) is a novel by Antiguan born writer Jamaica Kincaid. The book has twelve parts with no title and the author narrates how it is to be a girl that grew without having a father and how this fact reflected on her. Prose and poem are mixed in this memoir so the genre is very difficult to define. The author narrates the story in a way that time and space are all blurred as we get totally immersed in her flashbacks.
 Attiliosa nodulosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae the murex snails or rock snails.
 Taron albocostus is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae the spindle snails the tulip snails and their allies.
 Słoszewy [swɔˈʂɛvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo within Brodnica County Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in north-central Poland.
 Lake Starnberg (German: Starnberger See) — called Lake Würm (German Würmsee) until 1962 and also known as Fürstensee — is Germany's fifth largest freshwater lake in terms of area and due to its great average depth the second largest in terms of water volume.
 Anraku-ji (安楽寺) is a Buddhist temple of the Sōtō school in Bessho Onsen Ueda Nagano Prefecture Japan. It is the oldest Zen temple in Nagano Prefecture. The main hall (hon-dō) has a thatched roof and enshrines an image of Sakyamuni flanked by Manjusri and Samantabhadra as principal object of worship. Anraku-ji is best known for having the only extant octagonal pagoda in Japan.
 Rafinesque's big-eared bat (Corynorhinus rafinesquii) is a species of vesper bat.
 Washington Adventist Hospital is a 252-licensed bed acute care facility located in Takoma Park Maryland United States.
 The Clock Tower is a landmark in Hong Kong. It is located on the southern shore of Tsim Sha Tsui Kowloon. It is the only remnant of the original site of the former Kowloon Station on the Kowloon-Canton Railway. Officially named Former Kowloon-Canton Railway Clock Tower (Chinese: 前九廣鐵路鐘樓) it is usually referred to as the Tsim Sha Tsui Clock Tower (Chinese: 尖沙咀鐘樓) for its location.Built out of red bricks and granite the Clock Tower peaks at 44 metres and is topped by a 7-metre lightning rod.
 The Ibicuí-Mirim River (Portuguese Rio Ibicuí-Mirim) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil. It joins the Santa Maria River to form the Ibicuí River.
 St. Joseph's Church is a church in Gibraltar. It is located above the northeastern side of Gibraltar Harbour. The church is on Rodger's Road. There is a school of the same name in the vicinity.
 Hamid-Reza Haji Babaee (Persian: حمیدرضا حاجی‌بابایی born 1 May 1959) is an Iranian politician who was Minister of Education from 2009 to 2013. He was Member of the Parliament of Iran from 1996 until 2009 when he was nominated as Minister of Education by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and was confirmed by Parliament. He was Head of Education Commission in the Parliament.
 Heteroclinus is a genus of clinids found in the western Indo-Pacific.
 The Happy Elf is a 3D-animated family holiday special which first aired December 2 2005 on the NBC television network in the USA. Based on Grammy-winner Harry Connick Jr.’s original song The Happy Elf.Production on the special is by Film Roman an IDT Entertainment company the same animation company known for producing The Simpsons.
 Unarthupattu (English: The Awakening Song) is a 1980 Malayalam film directed by P. A. Backer.
 The Former Fire Hall No. 3 is a municipal designated historic building located in the Nutana neighborhood of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. With the University of Saskatchewan being built on the east side of the river this enhanced the need for a new fire hall on the east side. Built in 1911 with the latest equipment and both horse drawn and gasoline-powered fire fighting equipment the facility was again modernised in 1926..
 Behind the Sun is Chicane's second album released in August 2000 under Alex Gold's Xtravaganza Recordings in the UK.
 I Spit on Your Grave 2 is a 2013 American rape and revenge horror film directed by Steven R. Monroe who directed its predecessor I Spit on Your Grave—which was based on Meir Zarchi's 1978 film of the same name. The film was given a limited theatrical release at one theater and has been received negatively by critics.
 Skotbu is a village in Ski municipality south of Ski in the county of Akershus Norway. The village has a train station on Indre Østfoldbanen. The population in this small village is increasing as new housing projects are on the way. Ringnes [1] is a yearly music festival arranged in late summer outside a farm house.
 Lake Altham is a lake in Western Australia. It is located at 33°23′S 118°26′E in the Shire of Kent. Biogeographically it is part of the Western Mallee subregion of the Mallee region of the South West Botanic Province. It has an area of about 2.4 square kilometres (0.9 mi²). It is one of four lakes in the area comprising the Lake Grace System a DIWA-listed wetland of national importance.
 Tajabad (Persian: تاج اباد‎ also Romanized as Tājābād; also known as Tājīābād) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District in the Central District of Tabas County South Khorasan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 25 in 6 families.
 Anepholcia talboti is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found on Sumatra.
 Bagh-e Kabir (Persian: باغ كبير‎ also Romanized as Bāgh-e Kabīr and Bāgh-i-Kabīr) is a village in Rahgan Rural District Khafr District Jahrom County Fars Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 895 in 219 families.
 Vazmaneh-ye Olya (Persian: وزمانه عليا‎ also Romanized as Vazmāneh-ye ‘Olyā and Vezmāneh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Ozmāneh-ye ‘Olyā Uzmāneh Uzmāneh ‘Uliya Vazmāneh-ye Bālā and Vezmāneh) is a village in Sursur Rural District Muchesh District Kamyaran County Kurdistan Province Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 86 in 19 families.
 Linda Dorcena Forry (born 1973) is a Democratic member of the Massachusetts Senate representing the 1st Suffolk district since June 2013. She previously represented the 12th Suffolk District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives after winning a special election in April 2005. Haitian American Forry is the former House Chair of the Joint Committee on Community Development and Small Business.
 The Cologne Central Mosque (German: DITIB-Zentralmoschee Köln Turkish: Merkez-Camii) is a building currently under construction and commissioned by German Muslims of the Organization DITIB for a large representative Zentralmoschee (central mosque) in Cologne Germany. After some controversy the project won the approval of Cologne's city council.The mosque is designed in Ottoman architectural style with glass walls two minarets and a dome.
 Trockener Steg is a minor prominence in the area between the Matterhorn and the Breithorn south of Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It lies at a height of 2939 metres above sea level near the front of the Upper Theodul Glacier. A cable car station lies on the summit and gives access to the Klein Matterhorn.
 Lupercalia is the fifth studio album by English-Irish singer-songwriter Patrick Wolf released on 20 June 2011 by Hideout a subsidiary of Mercury Records.
 Eupithecia dichroma is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in western North America including Washington Utah Colorado Oregon New Mexico and Arizona.
 Ben Nevis (Scottish Gaelic: Beinn Nibheis pronounced [peˈɲivəʃ]) is the highest mountain in the British Isles.
 The Santa Maria do Rio Doce River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 East Coast Love Affair is Kurt Rosenwinkel's first album as a band leader.
 Barneveld is a village in Iowa County Wisconsin United States. The population was 1231 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
 Uhtjärv is a lake of Estonia.
 The Loch of Skaill is a small somewhat triangular freshwater loch in the parish of Sandwick Orkney on Mainland Orkney Scotland. It lies 0.5 mi (0.80 km) south east of the Bay of Skaill close to Skaill House and the World Heritage neolithic site Skara Brae.The loch is popular for trout fishing and is reserved for use by members of The Orkney Trout Fishing Association only.
 Burkettsville /ˈbɜrkɛtsvɪl/ is a village in Darke and Mercer counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 244 at the 2010 census.
 The Building of Bath Collection (formerly known as the Building of Bath Museum) in Bath Somerset England occupies the Countess of Huntingdon's Chapel where it provides exhibits which explain the building of the Georgian era city during the 18th century.It is owned and managed by the Bath Preservation Trust.
 Nudiantennarius subteres the Deep-water Frogfish is a species of frogfish found in the Pacific Ocean around the Philippines and Indonesia. They occur at depths of 64 to 90 metres (210 to 295 ft). This species grows to a length of 7.5 centimetres (3.0 in) SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
 Dreams from My Real Father: A Story of Reds and Deception is a 2012 American documentary-style film by Joel Gilbert which claims that U.S. President Barack Obama's biological father was Communist Party USA activist Frank Marshall Davis. The title derived from the title of Obama's memoir Dreams from My Father. The film was described by reviewers as preposterous implausible and as a vulgar conspiracy video one that outdoes even birther propaganda in its lunacy and bad taste.
 The Custuri River is a tributary of the Agârcia River in Romania.
 Czestków B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek within Łask County Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Buczek 5 km (3 mi) south of Łask and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.The village has a population of 290.
 Janet Wood Reno (born July 21 1938) served as the Attorney General of the United States from 1993 to 2001. She was nominated by President Bill Clinton on February 11 1993 and confirmed on March 11 1993. She was the first woman to serve as Attorney General and the second longest serving Attorney General after William Wirt.
 The Somali Pigeon or Somali Stock Dove (Columba oliviae) is a species of bird in the Columbidae family. It is endemic to northern Somalia. Because there has hardly been any research on the species the health of the population is uncertain. However it has been suggested that the species is relatively rare. The IUCN Redlist identified a possible threat to the species from the Speckled pigeon (Columba guinea')'.The species dwells mostly in rock along the arid coast of Somalia.
 My Kid Could Paint That is a 2007 documentary film by director Amir Bar-Lev. The movie follows the early artistic career of Marla Olmstead a young girl from Binghamton New York who gains fame first as a child prodigy painter of abstract art and then becomes the subject of controversy concerning whether she truly completed the paintings herself or did so with her parents' assistance and/or direction.
 Athetesis prolixa is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. It was described by Bates in 1870.
 Krakača is a village in the municipality of Cazin Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Night Land is a classic horror novel by William Hope Hodgson first published in 1912. As a work of fantasy it belongs to the Dying Earth subgenre. Hodgson also published a much shorter version of the novel entitled The Dream of X.The importance of The Night Land was recognised by its later revival in paperback by Ballantine Books which republished the work in two parts as the forty-ninth and fiftieth volumes of its celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in July 1972.H. P.
 The red forest duiker Natal duiker or Natal red duiker (Cephalophus natalensis) is a small antelope found in central to southern Africa. It is found in forests and shrublands in Malawi Mozambique and southern Tanzania.Red forest duikers are roughly 40 cm (16 in) tall at the shoulder and weigh 15 kg (33 lb) on average. They have chestnut coats with dark patches on their faces and backs of their necks. They eat fallen fruit foliage and insects.
 Sparkle is a 1976 American film directed by Sam O'Steen and released by Warner Bros. Pictures. Inspired by The Supremes Sparkle is a period film set in Harlem New York during the late 1950s and early 1960s which follows the rough lives and careers of singer Sparkle Williams and her family and friends.The film stars Philip Michael Thomas Irene Cara Lonette McKee Dwan Smith Mary Alice Dorian Harewood and Tony King.
 Yalpa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
 Suck out the Poison is He Is Legend's second full-length studio album and was released on October 3 2006. It was produced and mixed by Steve Evetts. It received mixed reviews from long-time fans due to a major difference in vocalist Schuylar Croom's vocals. The FAQ section of their website addresses this:
 Mordellistena kellersi is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus which is in the Mordellidae family. It was described in 1928 by Blair.
 Bathnaha is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7210 people living in 1206 individual households.
 Gyaraspur is a panchayat village in the Vidisha district Madhya Pradesh India. It is also the headquarters of a tehsil of the same name.
 Schooley's or officially Schooleys Mountain is a mountain ridge in northern New Jersey that stretches from Lake Hopatcong in the north to Hampton in the south. It is the last ridge in the group of parallel mountains that includes Allamuchy Mountain and the Kittatinny Mountains before the Piedmont Plateau and drop off to New York City.
 Margaret Hilary Marshall (born September 1 1944) was the 24th chief justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court and the first woman to hold that position. She was chief justice from 1999 to 2010. On July 21 2010 she announced her retirement. She is currently a Senior Fellow of the Yale Corporation Senior Counsel at Choate Hall & Stewart and serves as Treasurer of the American Law Institute.
 Odetta Sings Dylan is the 1965 album by American folk singer Odetta an entire album of covers of Bob Dylan songs. Odetta was a Civil rights activist. Although she grew up in the city she described black folk music and spirituals as “liberation songs and used this music to “do my teaching and preaching my propagandizing.” Both Odetta and Bob Dylan sang at the 1963 Civil Rights March in Washington DC.
 Valentino: The Last Emperor is a documentary film about the life of Valentino Garavani. It was produced and directed by Matt Tyrnauer Special Correspondent for Vanity Fair magazine. The film is an exploration of the singular world of one of Italy's most famous men Valentino Garavani. The film documents the colorful and dramatic closing act of Valentino's celebrated career tells the story of his life and explores the larger themes affecting the fashion business today.
